COMING SUNDAY! [ ENTER TODAY — Over *5o.ooo in prizes ofleredi 

• ROOTS 2: Everything you didn t see on television! 
• SPORTS* AGENTS: A look at a wacky world! 
• JOHN DENVER: Profile of the mile-high singer! 
INSIDE TODAY! 
Spurs shoot down 
Rockets, 1o7-1o4 
Page IM 
Exclusive Associated Press news and photo coverage 

Another *1, number coming in the Sunday Express-News! 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
*Hii Antonio. T oyi i* 
S o l i d i T o x a i* * l a r g o s ! - s o l I iii t» S itfiirtlaiv ii4»*YM|iJi|M»r 
HRG battles to fire counsel 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
W ASHINGTON — T S. Rep. Henry 
B 
Gonzalez said Friday tIn* chief counsel of the Select Committee on 
Assassinations is violating House 
Rules by w orking as a private attorney. 
Gonzalez further charged Richard 
Sprague with refusing to file a state­ ment of his outside income and with refusing to provide the F B I informa­ tion about himself in connection with a background investigation the F B I is making on the1 prosecutor. 
Meanwhile, members of the com­ mittee predicted the heated battle* over 
Sprague has seriously endangered the 
I ut un* of the probe into the deaths of 
I ’resident Kennedy and the Rev 
Dr. 
Martin Luther King dr. 

Circumstances 

The committee was created just five months ago to take a new look into the circumstances surrounding the deaths of the two men. 
Gonzalez, who was named chairman of the com m ittee Feb. ii. fired the controversial Sprague Thursday. 
Sprague, however, refused to be tired With help from District of Co­ lumbia Delegate W alter Fauntroy. a committee member. Sprague obtained signatures from all other ll memt>ers countering the action by Gonzalez. 
But sonic members say they signed the letter only because of precedent — that is. they feel the lull committee should make the division about firing 
Sprague. 
Gonzalez has told Rules Committee 
Chairm an Ja m e s .I 
Delaney if the committee's problems cannot be re­ solved he will recommend not extend­ ing the life of the panel beyond March 
JI 
That is the date Congress has set for the committee to submit a new pro­ posed budget and .justification 
Gonzalez, iii a letter delivered F r i­ day to each member of the committee, also accused Sprague of refusing to provide the committee a plan indicat­ ing which members of the staff could be released. 

Budget reduced 

Ile said this was so the budget could be reduced to the $84.DOU monthly in­ terim limit established by the House last week. 

.Meanwhile, the Associated Press re­ ported Gonzalez has bhvkeri Sprague's investigators from F B I files which can now be reviewed only at the request of 
Gonzalez. 

The dispute between the two came to a head last Tuesday when the two met, according to documents released by 
Gonzalez, 
Gonzalez said he was forced at the end of the meeting to inform Sprague he could offer him only “ qualified support.” 
Concerning his charge Sprague had 

See GONZALEZ. Page U A 

'None of the above' throws hat in ring 

AUSTIN (A P ) — Ever vote in an would be tabulated and listed as election when you didn t like any of part of the official election results, the candidates? 
Last November’s controversial unopposed victories by Texas Su­ preme Court candidate Don Y ar­ brough and State District Court 
Judge Garth Bates of Houston prompted the bill. Wallace said. 

Well, if a Texas legislator gets his way. you'll be able to vote for “ none of the above.” 

Hep. Ralph Wallace. D-Houston. has introduced a hill that would enable disgruntled Texas voters to rid their frustrations by voting 
“ None of these candidates” in national and statewide races. 

Although election results would not he changed if “ None” ends up ahead of the pack. Wallace said he would like to see future bills re­ quiring a new election whenever that happens. 

Wallace, 27. a freshman legisla­ tor. admitted. “ This bill is proba­ bly going to make every incumbent in the House mad at me, hut I intend to hit the floor lobbying for it 
Monday.” 

Cnder W allace's proposal, the total “ None” votes would have no effect on the election s outcome, hut 

Yarbrough’s name missed bv one letter the name of a form er gubernatorial candidate. Bates’ bribery trial started the day before the election. 

W allace’s measure is patterned alter a Nevada law enacted in 1975. 
“ None” waltzed in with 17.2 per cent in a 197f> congressional race there, Wallace said, with the winner capturing only 29.J per cent and his opponent. 23.5 per cent. 

“ I call this a laek-ol-eonfidenee vote, since an incumbent might feel pressure to do a better job it about 
22-311 per cent of the voters cast a 
•None* vote.” said Wallace, who outdistanced two other Democrats in last Max's primary and defeated an incumbent Republican in No­ vember. 

Carter to seek data 
1VII.A.S on 

NEW YORI t im es s e r v ic e 
W A SH IN G TO N — President 
Carter Friday announced plans to send an American delegation to Vietnam to find out more about missing military person­ nel 

The* delegation would also discuss a wide range of other bilateral issues. 
( arter offered no tim etab le and named no emissaries but made ii c lear that the agenda tie seeks would include questions other than accounting by 
V ietnam for 2.atm Americans still list cd as missing or presumed dead 
B ig crowd due at stock show 

Bv B IL L C l W IN G H A M 
AGRICULTURE EDITOR 

With clearing weather and threi scheduled rodeo performances, offi­ cials of tile San Antonio Stock Show and Rodeo were bracing for a huge crowd Saturday al Joe Freeman Co­ liseum. 

M o n ’ ftlio to s. s t o r i e s tm j ta gas 6 1. T I . .’ill 

Early morning rain Friday dimin­ ished just before the start of the par­ ade. and bright sunshine warmed up 

 the coliseum grounds by Friday after­ noon 

Texas Gov. Dolph Briscoe was the parade marshal and Toni Ingraham, country and western singing star, was the honorary marshal. 

Trail riders from the Kl rides into 

San Antonio added lo the color ol the parade. 
Miss Ingraham will In* the guest star at Uh* Satanta) rodeo performances al lo a iii and 2 and 7:3o p.m. 
The rodeo opened Friday with per­ formances al 2 aud 7 3o p.iii. Miss 
See BK . SHOW, Page UA 

 lo a d e d and ready for bear, Joe O rlando 
Sanchez and his brother J. J. are dressed for the occasion at the western parade Friday for the 28th annual San Antonio livestock Show and Rodeo. The pint-sized pistoleers were among thousands who lined the downtown parade route. 
— Staff Photo by Jose Barrera 

 r 
GOOD MORNING} 

■ 
— w 
A 

I mb* 
Chuckle 

Vction Ex p ress....... 

Business. Finance . .............. HH’ 
I hurch N e w s.......... ............... 2.3C 
( Holies................... 
........... IU.I III 

( russword Puzzles . ..............IIH 
I lea I lls .................... 
............... IU 
Editorials............... 
................. UA 
(.a niching.............. 
................2D 
Mal k r is ................. .................I-IM 
Newsmakers.......... 
............... 2A 
Scene................. 
.............. I-IF 
Sp orts............... 
............... I III 
Television 
511 theaters 
.............. 2. IB 
Bant A d s................ 
IU I2D.I-I2E 
Heather 

Bumper sticker: “ Hit me — I ’m a terrific attorney “ 

K u re fu s l 

Fair. mild. High. upper bds Low. upper tbs Details. Page l l . 

F R I D A Y ' S T E M P E R A T U R E * 

COLUMNISTS 

Jack \ndei sun 
...............2 \ 
Dan I auk ............ 
SH 
Dan M ep pcr 
...................... 311 
Vim I.anders......................... II 
Dr tim I bus ie sun ................. HH! 

 l l ITH YEAR 

N O . 38 
64 PAGES 

TCVIFMONt* 
Mum Aa. iRttn En • a •»> Y LO i' >»> I I i i I AAA 
Alt R tftfl 
O vttu f i 
.*»«>.H i t « rn % rf rn i i n t i t I 
City •«*>•«» i t 

DID ID I KNOW It nuu receive bottu delivery of the I xprcss and Sun ti av 
Express-News ll nuure will bring you the evening News for a month lotal 

* 4 I i pi i m u l t i ii t .»u t i 4| | p . ! p t o j i i p t d e b t * t t 

Faulty ’cop ter parts schem e is alleged 

WASHINGTON ROSI SERVICE 
LOS A N G E L E S — Millions of dollars 

 iii iRiteutiully substandard helicopter parts have been sold to foreign m ili­ tary helicopter fleets, a knowledgeable industry informant has told authorities here. 
These fleets provide, among other duties. NATO anti-submarine defense aud personal transportation to heads of stale such as the Queen of England, the 
Shah of Iran and Egyptian President 
Anwar Sadat, the informant has said 
Some of the parts have also been sold 

 iii the I lilted States to civilian heli­ copter fleets, the informant says 

F o r g e d d o c u m e n t s 

The parts were sold with forged identification and misleading inspec­ tion documents ut identifying them us top-qtiaidy, brand-name components the source added 
Senior helicopter industry official* have culled the al le g at i o n s seriou a l a r m i n g and hive way here and iii I ll they are true lf the charges are accurate, officials say. they i o u kl cause the ground ing of 

 and ligations are under gland lo determine 

 hundreds of European military heli­ copters 
( (greeting the problem might cost as much as $1oo million, experts say 
According to tin* allegations, com­ pany names or federally issued identi­ fication numbers have been forged on the parts indicating they carne from — and met the standards of — the Bell 
Helicopter Lo or Hu* Sikorsky Aircraft division of United Aircraft Corp 
Actually, neither company made or inspected tin* parts, whuh were man­ ufactured by other firm s working without critical processing specifica­ tions, according lo the allegations 

The suspect parts have allegedly ended up in ut least Wig helicopters iii the military fleets of Britain. West 
Germany 
France Belgium Norway, 
Vustrulta Egypt. Qatar and Pakistan, aud they also may have been sold to the military helicopter fleets of Iran and 
Holland 

A Bell official and a British military official ut Washington said that ti the charges are at curate they could re ­ quire the grounding of virtually all ut 
England s m ilitary helicopter fleet, 

T o d a y * * o v o n l * a l I tao S . A . 

U v c h M l o r k 
S h o w & It o d 4*o 

H:DD a.m. — Judging Junior 

Steers, Herefords, Brah ­ man, 
Angus, 
Shorthorn, 
( harolais, Santa Gertrudis, 
Bed Angus, Polled Here­ fords and Simmentals: 
Du roes, Krangus, Breeding 
Swine, Quarter Horse Per­ formance G lasses, Junior 
Market Lambs 

4.311 a m. — Judging Ready* 

 to t ook Poultry show. 
I ll UH a.in. — Rodeo Perfor­ mance, 'Ion! Ingraham, 
2:o« p i i i . — Bode© Perfo r­ mance, Ton! Ingraham ; 
Quarter Horse Sale, All 
Breeds Swine Sale 

2:3o p in- — Brangus Sale 
1:3o p.m. — Bode* Perfo r­ mance, Toni Ingraham 

There vvas no immediate indication I from the V ietnam ese governm ent * whether such a mission would Im* ac ccptuhlc. but knowledgeable sources at I tin* White House and at the Stale De­ partment suggested that the proposal * lias already found preliminary favor in i 
Hanoi 
Campaign promise 

Carter’s plans were disclosed Friday to an aid e ’s ref tort on tho P re sid e n t s meeting with officers of Hie N atio n al 
League of Fam ilies ( arter, according to Jerrold Scheetor, a National Securi­ ty Council spokesman, reiterated his campaign promise that his adm inis­ tration would pursue direct negotia­ tions with Hu* Vietnamese to resolve the issue of Americans whose late is still unknown. 
Asked if diplomatic recognition for 
Vietnam was raised in the Oval Office m eeting. Schecter, an assistant to 
Zbigniew Brzezinskl, the President s national security adviser, obliquely said. “ When the delegation goes lo 
Vietnam, it will consider a whole range ol outstanding issues.” 
Cautious, cryptic* 
His language and the cautious cryp tic responses of others at the J 
White House and at tin* State Depart men! were substantive suggestions I that C a rte r’s plans go beyond the I missing Am ericans issue and into a I discussion of a normal diplomatic re­ lationship Im*!ween the two countries 
Previous attempts to move toward normal relations have been stymied by | 
I tilted States msistanee that all miss­ ing American personnel must first he accounted for, aud Vietnam ese de­ mands tiiat the United Stales provide hinds for reconstruction of their 
-ouiitry 
The Vietnamese have said they have already provided as full and as thor ough an accounting ol the m issing 
Americans as possible, and the I lilted 
States has steadfastly declined to consider financial aid lo Vietnam 

Iii Novem ber, V ietn am 's bid for 

See ( AKTER-MI Vs. Page ILA 

12 more win prizes, 

 bo can you 

\nother 12 San Antonians have been addis) lo the growing list ol winners in 
Hie Express-News $5o,(NMI Sweepstakes 
77 
YVava ll Woodward. P O Box 315. was the lug winner Friday She won a 
X iii gift certificate which sin* will use al 
I ( 
Penney 
Michael Iv Baird 111 Babcock Road: 
Thomas Early, 43112 Ltmpio St., Dor­ othy ll, Smith. 5122 Vance Jackson 
Road and Shirley NL Nagel. 3H7H Hid­ den Drive, won 125 gift certificates 
Marjorie ( i Hellier, 9|<rj Valley View 
Lane, Don A 
Neat. 1734 Lampnst 
Road: Marion P Phillips, 282 Oakwood 
E M ., and Myrtle F 
Hight mer, 12o1 
B e s tia l! Ave,, won SIO 
Claudia 
Notcher, 172 laist Forest Drive Isabel lloudarza, 314 V td i Mac Drive, aud 
Rani Gonzalez 
22Ii Saunders Ave., also won HO gift certificates 
You eau be a winner too Just UH out 
Hie entry coil (MUI. complete with Social 
Security number aud mad it in 
Then watch ttie dads Express aud 
The News aud the weekend Express* 
News for winning numbers 
Ii your nullifier is published you are a winner 
No purchase is necessary 
Entry cards are available iii Hie Express- 
News Itihhv from k To a iii until 5 Mi p iii weekdays B liming nullifiers may 
Im* inspected during these flours 
Saturday s winning numbers and omph ic rules aud entry turin are tin 
Pug* HH 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday February I 2 1977 
Hot line, hot line fo r MHMH fans 

Did you miss lasl night's episode of 
Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?*’ 
•No problem lf you live on the West 
Coast, because now there’s a Mary 
Hartman Hot Line to help soap opera buffs keep up with the lute-night show. 
After each episode on Portland’s 
KPTV. 
Ken Kahn, a sophomore at 
Heed College, writes and records a synopsis of the night’s zaniness. The statio n say s its Hot Line phone number has been busy day and night. 
Indiana has real Kojak 

Yes. Telly Savalas, there really is a Kojak. And he really is a police­ man. 
Indiana's answer to the television detective show character is 
Harold 
Martin, chiel of police, iii Moores­ ville. In d ., who had Ins n am e changed Wednesday to Harold Wayne 
,Kojak Martin. 
Martin acquired the nickname a couple of years ago when Sav alas and his shaven head became a fixture on network television. 
Like 
Savalas, 
Martin keeps his head clean of hair. 

Kahn said he started the service b ecau se “ one night at Reed we missed a really crucial episode. We wished we had some place to cull to find out what happened.’’ 

Forest f ires vital factor 

A scien tist says people should appreciate that fires helped form the forests of America. 
“ Humans don’t live long enough to com prehend that the forests that greeted the pioneere were fire-creat­ ed, said 
Miron L. Heinselinan, a 
Forest Service researcher and Uni­ versity of Minnesota professor. 
In a lecture at the University of 
Washington, Heinselinan explained that lightning-caused fires, which regularly burned forests after the Ice 
Age. helped determ ine what kind of tree grew where. 
He pointed out that in Minnesota, the jack pine, birch and aspen are dependent on fire because they do not reseed well in shade and the see­ dlings thrive in the thin layer of ash left bv a fire. 

The new president of Tho W om en s 
Bank is Lynn Salvage, a daughter of 
Czech im m igrants and a H arvard graduate with international banking experience. The New York bank was organized by women, the first of its kind when its d o o rs o p e n e d 16 months ago — AP Wirephoto 

Special valentine 

Some Yuba C ity, Calif., men may be in line for an unforgettable valen­ tine. Women, most of them in their 
2os, have been flocking to Sam Haw­ kins’ photo studio to pose in the buff. 
“ I ’m booked up through V alen­ tine’s Day.” Hawkins said. “ And 
I’m always real busy before Christ­ m as.’’ 
Three years ago be began including in his price list a quote for “ Draped and Undraped Figure Studies.” That move has brought in more than 3oo customers, he said. 
Most of the portraits stop short of the lusty magazine centerfold, Haw­ kins said, but most subjects bare their breasts. 
“ It all depends on how she wants to pose,” he said 
“ The pictures are usually gifts for husbands or boy friends. I try to make them artsy.” 
Cox behind on fees 
Last man drinks toast 

Hobart G ocheniuer put on Ins worn American Legion cap and drank a toast from an ancient bottle of whisky to 27 men who once gathered with him regularly. 

The AO-year-old Gochenuiier is the last man in Richland County. Wis.’s. 

Last Man s Club, formed in 192H by 
World War I veterans to retell war stories and drink toasts to the de­ p a r t s 
Goohenauer. a retired bank presi­ dent, became the last man when 
I T ank Harlan, 
83, and 
Leo Pokor- nev. 82, died during the last year. 

Harvard Law Prof. Archibald Cox, who served as W atergate special prosecutor in the Nixon adm inistra­ tion. has been d e lin q u e n t iii registering as a lawyer, officials say. 
The Massachusetts Board of Liar 
Overseers said it had notified Cox this week that he has failed to regis­ ter for three' years and owes some $#o in back registration fees. 
Cox, who headed a gubernatorial 

 committee on court reform, said he was ignorant of a 1974 law requiring lawyers to register annually to prac­ tice in the state. 
“ The year the requirement to re­ gister went into effect I was in E ng­ land.’’ Cox said. “ I ll take care of it right away.’’ 
The Harvard Law graduate was admitted to practice in Massachu­ setts on Nov. 3, 1937. 

U.S. lives in i 
I constant danger of demagogues 

WASHINGTON — Abraham Lincoln forewarned us. In: his Lyceum address, he declared that this country need: never fear a foreign tyrant, that our real danger would’ come from a domestic despot. 

No im m unity for Kiritsis 

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Anthony G 
Kiritsis. who considered himself a free man after releasing the h ostage he held during a H.l-hour vendetta, was arraigned Friday on a list of charges. 
Including kidnaping. 
The stocky. 44 year-old Kiritsis was ordered held under $83o,9oo bond, de­ spite the grunt of im m unity read to him during the siege Some authorities said Friday they never intended to let him g»» fret* 
“ I would have promised you title to 
Hawaii if I could have gotten that guy out of th e r e ,’’ said M arion County 
Sherd! Lawrence Broderick 
Dynamite 

“ We had to placate h im .” In d ian ­ apolis Mayor William ll Hudnut said 
“ Everybody thought he had the dyn­ amite. I was seared to death that one or both of them were going to lose their lives.” 
During the thrt'c-day standoff. Kirit­ sis said be had rigged dynamite In the apartm ent where he was holding Ri­ chard O Hall, but none was found after 
Ills surrender. 
Prosecutors sought a $1.3 m illion bond for Kiritsis. but that was rejected by Municipal Court Judge F ra n k L 

Parlor after K iritsis’ attorney, Owen 
M. M ullin, Com plained that “ even 
Claudine Lnnget didn’t have that kind of bond and that was a death e a se .” 
Miss Loupe! was convicted on a m is­ demeanor charge in the shooting death of lier lover, skier Spider Siiblcli 
Mullin said the $83o,ooo bond was too high and there was no need for ii to g u a ra n te e K ir its is ’ a p p e a r a n c e in court because “ he was given authority to leave the state by the prosecutor He was given immunity." 
Question 
But the question rem ained w hether the grant of immunity could be with­ drawn — or whether it was even legal to >lart with. 
“ There was never any intention on the part of the prosecutor to honor those term s," deputy county prosecu­ tor G eorge M artz said at afternoon news conference attended by Kiritsis’ victim. Richard O. Hall 
Hall, Iii his first public appearance since lie was freed, said, “ This has been a long ordeal for nu* and my family, and I am grateful to God for surviving this ordeal. I just figured in my mind God has a plan for everybody but at the time I couldn’t figure out 

 why I was a part of this plan, but J had to go with what I had.’’ 
Hall, an executive of the m ortgage company which was foreclosing on Ki­ ritsis’ $13o,ooo. tahd. rportgage. said he was hunderfed throughout the ordeal and a sawed-off shotgun was wired lo his neck most of the lust two days. 
P a rlo r g ra n te d the p r o s e c u t o r s ’ request to continue the case until next 
Tuesday, when K iritsis Is to e n te r pleas. 
Charges 
Kiritsis faet^s charges of kidnaping, inflicting injury in com m ission of u felony, arm ed robbery, o b tain in g a signature by threat, commission of a felony w hile a rm e d , c o m m ittin g a crim e of violence while a rm e d and disorderly conduct. The arm e d ro b ­ bery charge stems from K iritsis’ com ­ mandeering of a police car when he took Hall hostage Tuesday morning. 
Looking tired, wearing a shirt open 

 almost to the waist and shitting from foot to foot as he stood before the bench. Kiritsis spoke only once during the five-minute arraignm ent. As Parlor read the charges, Kiritsis interrupted him and asked, “ Your honor, can I comment on that?" Advised to consult 
Ins attorney, he remained silent 
The appearance in a full courtroom tightly guarded by police was mainly to set bond, initially posted ut $23o.oo(1 after Kiritsis’ arrest. 
Prosecutors said it probably would be K iritsis’ last app earan ce iii civil court. A spokesm an said Harlot* a c ­ tually had jurisdiction only on the dis­ orderly conduct charge and that pro­ secutors would move for dismissal of the charges before filing new charges in a crim inal court. The ease could com e to trial in April or May. p ro ­ secutors said. 
Broken terms 
Authorities maintained that Kiritsis had broken term s of the immunity by not releasing Hall before leav ing the apartment. 
M artz, who handled m o st of the negotiations, said he was not really concerned whether authorities had broken their promise of immunity. 
"We ll let the courts deal with that." he said 
Kiritsis’ brother, Jim m y, said of the arrest, “ I really don’t think they had any other course of action, do you?" 
A question raised frequently during the siege was the legality in the first place of any grunt of immunity given under pressure 
The Indianapolis Star quoted an un- 
. identified spokesman for the prosecu­ tor’s office Friday as saying the im ­ munity was not binding because it was given under duress. 
“ It is no more legal than a contract obtained by holding a gun to someone’s heud." the paper reported. 
P ro s e c u to r 
J a m e s 
F. 
K elley, reached in Los Angeles where he is attending a juvenile crim e conference, said “ I believe we are on a sound ba­ sis.’’ He refused further comment. 
A spokesman for Indiana Attorney 
General Theodore L. Sendak said that while a prosecutor might be able to grant immunity, it probably would be up to the Indiana Suprem e Court to rule whether it was valid. 
“ You c a n ’t deal with a person at gunpoint or the whole sy stem falls apart.*’ said Ja m e s B Young, U S. attorney for southern Indiana. 

Lincoln described a dem agogue in sta r-sp a n g le d cloth who would put power ahead of p rinciple, am bition ahead of conviction. 
Down through the decades that fol­ lowed. the d e m a g o g u e has com e among us in many guises 
Thaddeus Stevens, the cadaverous, beetle-browed demagogue of the post­ ern! war era. appeared as a prophet of doom. 
G e o rg ia ’s fiery, re d -h a ire d Torn 
Watson, who raised the cross of the Ku 
Klux Klan. was a spellbinder. 
Old Ben T illm a n , or “ P itc h fo rk 
Ben’’ us he was known in the South 
Carolina hills back in the 189os, came across a backwoods rabble rouser. 
Hid education 
Mississippi’s Sen. Theodore Bilbo was an educated man but carefully hid the fact to keep from offending his semiliterate following. 
He d e lib erately d resse d iii cheap clothes and spoke low-grade English. 
('loser to our day. Gen. Douglas 
M a c A rth u r p ro je c te d a m a je s tic presence. He had the Roman profile, the messianic urge, the oratorical a r­ tillery. the m astery of imagery to cap­ tivate the nation. 
During the occupation of Japan, lie reigned in patriarchal absolutism over 
HH million 
Japanese. 
His troops called him the White 
Mikado, and he was in truth an im p e ria l p e rs o n a g e to whom the Em peror of Japan was but a deputy. 
(ten. George Patton was a n a tu ra l a u t h o r i ta r ia n , a curser of subordinates and m altreuter of animals, an erratic prodigy. 
By his choice of imagery — ramrod posture, theatrical swagger, patented sco w l, gory m e ta p h o rs, bo-pistoled costum e — he presented himself as the incarnation of destruction, a walking glorification of war. 
Joe McCarthy 
In contrast. Sen. Joseph McCarthy was an ingratiating, gregarious fellow. called “Jo e ” by almost everyone who had known him m ore than five m in ­ utes 
He was earthy and unpretentious. 
He had an awkward m anner and a rough, whining voice. 
Yet people w ere persuaded by Ins unsophisticated a p p e aran c e , by the look of perspiring sincerity on his face. bv the awkward, ringing delivery, by the heavy fist-pounding on the ro s­ trum 
Sen Thomas Dodd, though less ef­ fective, looked more the part. He was elegant in appearance, with a finely partrician profile and an air of dignity 
He was always well manicured and tailored, in his four-button coats, peg trousers and Italian shoes, with his identifying prop, a watch fob and chain suspended from his lapel. 

J a m e s F’orrestal was a backroom demagogue. 
He had an arresting face on which a d etach ed in te lle ctu a lity seem e d at odds with the flattened nose broken in boxing and the pencil-line mouth, with the combined intimation of the physi­ cal — w hat J o n a th a n D an ie ls d e ­ scribed as features that “ the movies d r a m a tic a lly give to th e b e tte r gangsters.” 
Then there was J. Parnell Thomas, tho blustering chairman of the House 
Un-American Activities Committee. 

Jack 
Anders 

Hi* was an improbable figure, a car­ icature of a congressman, with a great belly, a bald bead and a round face that glowed perpetually in a pink flush. 
Common bond 

These latter-day demagogues shared a curious common bond; all were m artyrs of the ultra-right. 
In the p am p h lets and p ro n o u n ce­ ments of the fanatical fringe, the au th en tic heroes and trag ic g ian ts were accorded equal godhood with the rascals and buffoons. 
Tile press has also had a propensity for damning in tho sam e breath a 
M acA rthur with a M cCarthy, a For- restal with a T hom as, as though fi- 

These la t te r - d a y d e m a g o g u e s shared ti curious bomi; all were martyrs o f the ultra-right. 

 gnres of so obviously disparate ability and rectitude were joined together bv a bond so close as to render insignificant their disharmonies. 

Yet there was a common bond — a belief in a preventive nuclear war that would cripple world com m unism be­ fore the plague could overtake us; a preference for Increased arms-spend- ing over economic im provem ents; a faith In authoritarian schemes for the purification of national though, an im ­ putation of disloyalty to those who dis­ agree. 

Methods 
T hese p a trio ts of the soapbox f a ­ vored the im position of a p atrio tic orthodoxy sufficient for the rigors of the world struggle, to be achieved by unmasking widespread treason, m a k ­ ing object lessons of the disloyal and the lu k ew arm , cen so rin g unhelpful news. fumigating libraries, class­ room s and pulp its, b ro ad e n in g the cloak-and-dagger function of the FBI and the CIA and reinterpreting away w hatever co n stitu tio n al prohibition might interfere. 

They sought the expansion ol our counterintelligence and counterinsur­ gency activities to fight the Com m un­ ists at their own gam e, abroad or at home. 

They also shared a strange softness for d ic ta to rs , p a r ti c u la r l y C hiung 
Kai-shek, who alread y was sinking slowly under the weight of Oriental conundrums that seemed insoluble. 

In A m eric a , the tra n s itio n from demagogue to dictator has never suc­ ceeded. But this is no reason for com ­ placency. With each p assing d e m a ­ gogue, the danger has increased. 

Hostage 9s faith gave strength 

SPECIAL value 

W orks in a Drawer. Color TV 

FULL F E A T U R E D 1 9 7 7 C O N S O L E S 

N O T A “ S T R I P P E D - D O W N ” PRICE LEAD ER M O D E L 
*one year in-hom e service 
• NOT JUST 9o DAYS • 
Two year guarantee en picture take e$sti twse y$ter citiasr ptcwrts« 

Fa m in g U hiN ) OOw n iq w n HOM 
,U ftD * * A N m i majo* Cmdit caids h o n o m d 

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - The bos loge released T hursday night by a gunm an who held him c a p tiv e for three days drew stren g th from his faith, the man s minister said Friday. 
Richard O. Hall. 42, returned home 
Friday morning after being freed by 
Anthony Kiritsis, a land dev eloper who said he'd been cheated in u business deal by Hall s mortgage loan company 
The Rev. Robert L. Hunter, associate m inister of Tabernacle P resbyterian 
Church where Hall is a deacon, was with Hall after his release 11:13 p.m. 
Thursday bv Kiritsis 
Sustaining factor 

“ Dick indicated that as far as lie was concerned, Ins faith was the sustaining 
(actor fur him p e r s o n a lly ,” Rev, 
Hunter said. 
Tic was relaxed and am iable and laughing about som e uf th e rea lly stupid things thai had happened, bul mainly he was weak and jittery'. 
“ Dick said he hadn t been shaky at any time during the three days until it vias over ” 
Pollee Chaplain C T Boyd. who had been at the Hail home during the or­ 

 deal, said the Hall children were not awakened when their father arriv ed home shortly after midnight. 
“ When they cam e dow nstairs this morning, they saw a policeman, took one look aro u n d and ran to th e ir father’s bedroom ** 
Hall, director of Meridian Mortgage 
Co., was taken from his office Tuesday morning and held in K iritsis’ a p a rt­ ment in chains most of the time until his release Thursday night. K iritsis was charged with kidnaping and other crimes after he freed Hail. 
The chaplain said Mrs Hall held up 
“ remarkably well." 

Setting it straight 

Through a typographical a error, u story in F riday’# Express incorrectly quoted Mayoral Candidate John Mon- 
(rev us saying that the fact bun Antonio 
Is the loth largest city in the U. S but ranks loth in expendable income must 
Im' changed 
The correct figure, which Monfrey staled, is 4oth in cxiM-ttdubie income 

Quasar 
| - ll 

. *'?• jhjtj toning 
I Un* 
(Arr; 

*!«"» af ImM 

 o r . m . — I? Ii a m t w .rti l*w 
Morton Mott Worton** Ait 
Ooto.li at* a-o.tobt« at porn of tot* 

WU SISO 
COMTIMSOSAST TSANIITIONAl 

WUNM 
( A il r a m u o c a m your 
, choice 5 9 9 w v tlit 
MIO! ((■ • AMIAN 

Fat# tuning 

 trtghfoaw 

Calor Hu* i m.r.v 

Contrast BR 

Just pm*t> ort* button and you autom atically b alance color intensity, boo, contrast, brightness 

GARRETT’S APPLIANCE 
2652 Austin Hwy. 
655-2o1o 

AUEN BUU TV & APPLIANCE 
716 Labor 
533-9411 

■ 

N 

 a l t e r n a t e r oute 

JOE FREEM AN 
C O LISEU M 

'I 

E 
HOUSTON 
ST 

H o w to go to the ro d e o 

San Antonio Police Department has found a better way — to get to the 
Livestock Show and Rodeo. It’s al­ ternate route calls for motorists going north on IH35 to take the 
Moore Street exit. Then, motorists should turn right on Moore — which is connected to Walters Street with an overpass. After traveling over the overpass, the motorist will be on 
Walters where he should stay until he gets to Houston Street where he should turn left. Houston Street will lead to the Livestock Show and Ro­ deo. which is in the Joe Freeman 
Coliseum. Special stock show rout­ ing signs will also direct the way. 

Hay es inquiry sets precedent 

By VICKIE DAVIDSON 

A Ju stice D epartm ent d e ­ cision Friday lo probe the shooting death of 
Richard 
Morales_b> Castroville M ar­ shal Frank Hayes pleased offi­ cials who were seeking federal prosecution. 
Newly appointed C S. Atty. Gen. 
Griffin Bell said a federal grand jury would make an inquiry into the Sept. 
Consumer to pay cost of decision on gas leases 

By BILL MINTZ 

U.S. Hist. Judge D. VV. Suttle has handed down a decision which could cost natural gas consumers in the western U.S. 
$19 million a year for the next 3o years. 
Judge Suttle dism issed a suit filed by El F’aso Natural Gas Co. attacking an arbitration board’s decision which m ore than doubled paym ents to gas lease owners in New Mexico and Co­ lorado. 
The arbitrators raised royalty pay­ ments from 15 cents to 41) cents per 
I .(HID cubic feet of gas, according to the opinion. 
Not covered 

Judge Suttle ruled the royalties ap­ plied to the sale of gas leases — not gas itself — so the payments were not co­ vered by the Natural Gas Aet of 1938. 
The aet gives the F e d e ra l P ow er 
Commission authority to regulate the 

The FFC has ruled Kl Faso Gas eau include the increased ro y a lty p a ym en ts rather than being li­ m ited tty the FFC-set rate in the 

 price of natural gas sold in interstate commerce. 
El Paso Gas originally filed suit in fed e ra l c o u rt in W a sh in g to n s ta te against Sun Oil Co. and others holding interests in the San Juan Basin in the four corners area of New Mexico and 
Colorado. 

Moved 

Tilt' lawsuit was moved to Midland because the a r b itra to rs m a d e th e ir decision in the West Texas city. 
Sun Oil gained the original arb itra­ tion decision hiking tlx1 o v errid in g royalties to the 41) cents per met level in 1973. 
Kl Paso argued tin* higher royalty levels needed PPC approv al because of the commission's ceiling on gas sold in interstate co m m erce but Ju d g e Sut- 

 urea 

 tie's ruling left the PPC without .juris­ diction. 
Jo in in g Kl P aso in the suit w ere many of its custom ers in Arizona, Ca­ lifornia and Washington and the Cali­ fornia state governm ent and Public 
Utilities Commission. 
The arbitrators based their decision on the intrastate wellhead price of the gas, according to Judge Suttle’s opin­ ion. 
FFC ruling 

Tile PPC has ruled Pl Paso eau in­ clude the increased royalty payments rather than being limited to the PPC- set rate iii the area, and the company has been p a s s in g th ro u g h tin* in ­ creased costs to its customers, Pl Paso 
Vice President P. G. Najaiko said 
Testimony during the six-week trial of the ease last y ear in M idland r e ­ 

 flects the lease ow ners will be paid about .'SIM million more per year at the 
41) cents per met — or higher — over­ riding royalty rates. 

Najaiko said Pl Paso is reviewing 
Judge Suttle’s action to determ ine ii an appeal will be filed with the 5th U.S. 
Circuit Court of Appeals. 

14. 1975. death of 29-year-old Morales. 
In m a k in g th a t d e c isio n . Bell changed a 1959 U.S. attorney general s ruling that kept federal prosecutors — iii most eases — from pursuing a de­ fendant who had been convicted in stat(‘ court. 
" F e d e ra l civil rights laws protect c e rta in rig h ts w hich should be e n ­ forced regardless of related state en­ forcement,’’ Bell said. 
Conviction 

Hayes was convicted of aggravated assault and sentenced to Iii years iii prison bv a San Angelo jury last July for the shooting death of Morales. 
Bell also notified all ITS attorneys iii the future each allegation of a fix ii rights law violation will be evaluted tai its own m erits — not whether there has already been a state court conviction. 
‘‘It’s a precedent setting ease, no question about it,” said Ruben Sando­ val, the attorney for the Morales (aim 

Sandoval said he was pleased with 
Bell's decision. ‘‘But I am concerned that we had to go all the way to Wa­ shington to get something done.” San­ doval said. 
‘‘(’lark (I S. Atty John Clark of San 
Antonio) should have initiated action from the very beginning,” said Sando­ val. 

P arties have agreed to delay sick pay suits 

San Antonio has informally agreed not to file any suits con­ cerning unlimited sick pay for police until the issue is arbi­ trated. city attorneys said 
Friday. 

. Asst. City Atty. C raw ford R eeder said he and San Antonio Police Assn. attorneys have agreed to hold all legal action pending the outcome of arb itra­ tion talks on the sick pay issue. 
A hearing on the police association’s recently filed suit which seeks to bar the city from filing any suits on the sick pay issues was scheduled for F ri­ day in the 166th District Court. 

T he c a se , h o w ev e r, w as p a s s e d . 

 pending the outcome of arbitration. 
Police association m em bers and city officials, m eanw hile, m et F rid a y to e s ta b lis h g ro u n d ru le s and in itia l procedures for the arbitration. 
The association’s suit asks the city be prohibited from filing any legal ac­ tion on the sick pay issue until it arbi­ trates with police. 
H ow ev er, R e e d e r sa id c u r r e n tl y pursuing the suit would be pointless because City Council has agreed to have the issue arbitrated. 
"T he city isn’t choosing between a r­ bitrating and going to court. It’s just that for right now we are going to a r­ bitrate,” Reeder said. 
The central issue in the policemen's suit is whether retiring policemen will be allowed to collect a lump-sum pay­ 

 m ent for a c c u m u la te d unused sick leave upon retiring. 
Legislation passed in 1975 greatly ex p an d ed the a m o u n t of p a y m e n ts upon r e ti r e m e n t police and fire fighters receive for unused sick leave. 
Several city officials have said the law could have an ex tre m ely d e tri­ mental effect on the city budget. 
The association, represented by a t­ torneys Mayo Galindo and John Burpo and Police Lt. Al Peeler, SAPOA pre­ sident, agreed to ask the A m erican 
Arbitration Assn. for a list of seven candidates from which both sides will select an arbitrator. 
Actual arbitration likely will begin sometime in April, he added. 
Ribak says he sm ells rat in sick pay issue 

Oueen of Hearts Yvonne Vela and King Roy Chavana hold court at Forest Hills Elemen­ tary School, 29o2 White Tail 
Drive, 
Friday. 
They were leading characters in a Va- ientineplay about 
Princess 
Lonely Heart (played by Lori 
Gonzales), who became Prin­ cess Merry Heart. Valentine’s 
Day, by the way, is Monday. 

 eral’s m em orandum was not law, only p o l i o . 
Texas Atty. Gen. John Hill, who had also been seeking federal prosecution iii the ease. said. "I am very pleased with the decision of Gen. Bell 
M arv in M iller, th e a tto rn e y for 
Hayes said: ‘‘lf he wants to put us iii 

H e l l ' s r i l l i n g c h a n g e s a 

I *).**> r i l l i n g I t i n I k e p t f e ­ 

 d e r a l p r o s e c u t o r s 
— i n iiin s l i i i s c s — f r o m p u r ­ 

 s u i n g u d e f e n d a n t c o n d e l ­ 

 e d i n ii s t a t e c o u r t 

 court, we ll see him in court 
“ Nothing has happened yet " 
That sentencing brought an outcry from politicians and other persons, including M exican-Am erican leaders who called it soft punishment 

Admitted 

Hayes adm itted iii court lie had shot 
Morales, but lie said the shooting was accidental 
Other court testimony showed Hayes and another deputy picked up Morales 
.in connection with a robbery charge and took him to an isolated road. 
According to testimony, Hayes told the deputy to leave him alone with 
Morales. 'Vile deputy later heard a shot. 
Morales’ body was found in a shallow grave in Past Texas. Hayes’ wife had driven the body to the grave site some 
4oo miles from Castroville 
ITS. Atty, ( lark had turned down the re q u e st for fe d e ra l p ro s e c u tio n because lie felt it violated the 1959 
J u s tic e D ep a rtm e n t policy ag a in st dual prosecution. 
"M r. ( lark s recom m endation was based on the then-existing policy on d u al p ro sec u tio n and w as en tirely proper,” Bell said 
New guidelines 

Bell said the decision to present the 
Hayes M orales m atter to a grand lilly stem m e d from his d e p a r tm e n t’s re consideration of the dual prosecution guidelines. 
The realignm ent of guidelines call for consideration of J u stic e D e p a rt­ m ent civil rights e a s e s on m erit. 
Civil rights 

Iii the Hayes ease the federal grand jury will look into the alleged viola­ tions of Morales’ civil rights resulting in his death 
The maximum penalty for a govern­ ment official convicted of such a vio­ lation is lib* in prison 
In Austin, First Asst. Atty. (Jeu Da­ vid Kendall said if Hayes is indicted he would he tried iii federal court iii San 
Antonio. 

T r in ity g ro u p 

 h o n o rs F O P S 

Black Efforts of Trinity University recognized C om m unities O rganized for Public Service Friday night for its work toward the betterm ent of Hie community. 
Rick (ireen of COPS accepted a plaque oil behalf of the organization at 
Black Efforts’ first annual aw ards and recognition dinner. 

The dinner w a s h e ld iii conjunction with T rin ity ’s celebration of Black 
Heritage Week. 
Green spoke on "Moving towards a 
New U nderstanding,” the them e ol 
Black Heritage Week ut Trinity, after the dinner 
Black Efforts hopes to m ake the awards and recognition dinner an an ­ nual part of Black Heritage Week at 
Trinity. 

* t n i f e w w l ’m a- 
M exican visitors at Slock Show 

Elias Cardenas Marquez, right, director of tourism for the State of 
Coahuila,- Mrs. Socky Moeller, sub director of tourism, both of 
^Saltillo, and Hannibal Guerra, president of the Mexico Day 
Committee of the San Antonio Stock Show and Rodeo, look over a pinata, part of the decor for the com­ mittee’s reception in the 
Gunter 
Hotel 
Ballroom 
Friday night. — Staff Photo by Ron Jones 
I stales set crim e talks 
SANTA FE (AP) - 
The attorneys general of 
New Mexico, California. 
Texas and A rizona a n ­ nounced plans Friday for a conference on border crime. 
The three-day meeting will tie held in San Diego, 
Calif., sometime between mid April and mid-May. 

Law ns*'Beauty^ 
NURSERY 
865o Bandera Read 
St. Augustin* (Carpet) 
O <,8 * 
G R A S S . . rut! * a u i t .........................w N- 
LISS THAN A FULL eAU.IT....................9 7 4 f A rtOOATAJA ruu 
U U THAM A KIU FAUCI . . . • 
1 . 3 9 . 4 
. 1.6o Mi- va. 
LIVI OAK m ils i m 
* .HH*............................................... 
.rf 

TREES 
SHRUBS 
PLANTS 
SEEDS 

HIOMX It 

O R IN Doll] 

Com * Vint Our C o m p ile 6 
Aer* 
Gordon 
Center with everyday "FA RM TO YO U 
PRICES And SAVEII 

8-7 P.M. 
684-211o 

By JAMES MCCRORY 

If Sen. Frank Lombardino honestly wants his bill to repeal the sick leave law for San Antonio firemen and po­ licemen to com e out of a Senate com ­ mittee, he can get it out. State Rep. 
Alw Ribak said Friday. 
The same applies to State Sen. Glenn 
Kothniann, Ribak said. 
L o m b a rd in o and K othniann a re m em bers of the nine-m ember Senate 
In te rg o v e rn m e n ta l R ela tio n s C o m ­ mittee. It is considering the contro­ versial bill introduced by Lombardino to repeal unlimited accrued sick leave pay for San Antonio firemen and po­ licemen and restore a 9o-day limit on such pay. 
Smells a rat 

" P m beginning to smell a rat,” Ri­ bak said. “ lf any senator wants a bill out of com mittee, good or bad, he can get it out." 
Ribak has led the fight to repeal the unlimited sick leave pay for firemen arui policem en passed in 1975. Lom ­ bardino introduced that bill and the entire B exar County delegation su p ­ ported it Ribak, however, said he was wrong and has introduced a repeat bill iii the House. 
I a >m bar d mo, after |»olls showed the public favored repeal, introduced his repeal m easure in the Senate 
Iii su p p o rt of his a r g u m e n t that either senator could get the bill out if they wished, Ribak said he serves on both the House Judiciary and Intergo­ vernm ental Affairs co m m ittees and said he could get any bill he wished out of either com m ittee 
Kibuk said the House c o m m itte e would pass hts bill out, but ll would Im* stupid to gel ti out of the House only to have ll killed in the Senate. 

"lf the Senate bill does not get out of com mittee, the blam e should rest on both Bexar County se n ato rs,” Ribak said. 
Ribak pointed out the Bexar County senators would need only three more votes to pass the repeal bill out of the 
Senate committee. 

Special interests 

Ribak charged, "T h e Senate is so p ack ed w ith sp e c ia l in te r e s ts , the public interest is no longer served." 
He complained the House is getting closer to that sam e point. 
Ribak said he also feels it is lune some of his fellow state re p re s e n ta ­ tives from B e x ar County give him some sup|x>rt for repeal of the bill lie says will eventually bankrupt San An­ tonio. 

Council 

The representative revealed it was a call he put th ro u g h to M ayor Lila 
Cockrell that led lo the ap p e aran c e before the committee of the mayor, I several councilmen and city staff offi­ cials. 

Lombardino mid the com m ittee at the hearing, "They are all up for re-election and they all have hot ca m ­ paigns going " 

To testily 

Ribak is scheduled to testify before the Senate committee Tuesday, along with several additional representa­ tives of the city. 
The stale representative Friday said he is sending a letter to all nine Senate committee members urging them to do whul is right. 

Teak bookcase, adjustable shelves 
#655.9oA, 35VS" x l l " x 75W* 

$ 1 
7 5 
. 

IS 

•ALJ"1 

Oak bookcase, adjustable shelves 
#1o1o 36,35,A ’’x75,/t" 

$ 1 7 5 . 

I iham 

6951 San Pedro, residential 344-2338, commercial 34 l l 691 

Pillows of 1oo% Dacron polyester fiberfill . . . You get I king-sized pillow with each twin set; 2 pil­ lows w ith e ach do u b le set; 2 q u e en -siz e d pillows with each queen set, and 2 king-sized pil­ lows with each king set. You will treasure their heirloom comfort and adore their modern conveni­ ence. 

BILD-MART BUILDING MATERIALS 

SERVICE m atuuii DISCOUNT STOK 

6 o 1 Flo rid a a t H o e fg e n St. 

WAS* 
E m tm mas f j 
Open 8 to 6 
L _ J 

M o n d a y through S a t u r d a y mar 
334-o751 or 3 3 4-34 14 

Court-at-Law No. I celebrates 5o years 

 tered by State Rep. Ron 
Bird, co n g ratu lates the judge for his service with the court. 

A tto rn ey P a t C am p presented the certificate to the judge and recalled various anecdotes from his term. 

SAN 
FRANCISCO 
(AP) — Patricia H earses request for a new trial on bank ro b b e ry c h a r g e s was turned down again 
Friday by U.S. District 
Court Judge William Or­ rick. 
The ju d g e said he reje cte d the m ove for rec o n sid e ra tio n of his 
Nov. 19 denial of a motion for a new trial because the request hadn’t been m ad e w ithin the p r e ­ scribed time limit. 
Orrick added that had he considered the m atter on its m e rits , he also would have denied the motion. 
Miss H e a rs t’s appeal from her conviction and sentence is now before the 9th U.S. Court of Ap­ peals. 
M iss H ea rst, 22, was convicted by a jury last 
M arch and se n ten c ed 
Sept. 24 to a seven-year te rm . She p rese n tly is free on $1.25 million bail pending resolution of her appeal. 

Ju d g e G ittin g er. who presided over the court from 1963 to 1974, was presented a Certificate of 
C itatio n by th e T e x a s 
H ouse of R e p r e s e n ta ­ tives. 

T he c e r tif ic a te , en 

Honorees 

Special honorees at the celebration were form er 
Judge L. J. Gittinger and th e fam ily of th e late 
J u d g e M cC ollum B u r ­ n ett. Both m en se rv e d te r m s as th e c o u r t ’s judge before Judge C ar­ olyn Spears took office in 
1974. 

During the reception, the San A ntonio B ar 
Assn. p re se n te d J u d g e 
B urnett’s family a reso­ lution h o n o rin g his 41 y e a rs of s e rv ic e as a county court judge. 

P re s e n t at the re c e p ­ tion were the judge’s son. 
J a m e s M cC ollum B u r ­ nett of C orpus C hristi, and the judge's daughter, 
Mrs. Bessie G ard n er of 
San Antonio. 

PAT CAMP, le ft, presents Judge G ittinger certificate 
No more selling for Apple George 

 a s s is ta n t p a s to rs . The vendor also often said he served as a lay preacher. 
In a 1972 in te rv ie w , 
Apple George said he had spent the past 4o years trying to walk with the 
Lord. 
In addition, he was of­ ten seen feeding the flock of pigeons which congre­ g a te in front of the 
C o u rth o u se’s N orth e n ­ trance. 

“ W hen 
I b o u g h t a candy bar from him. I’d pay him twice what it was worth and tell him to use the money on his pigeons,” Cude said. 
"George was a little bit wacko and d id n ’t hesti- tate to tell you what was on his m in d , but th e re was something about him the p u b lic o ffic ia ls liked," said Chief Deputy 
C ounty C lerk 
B rooks 
Knight. 

By BEN KING Jr. 
Apple George Kline is dead. 
And those sam e city and county officials he used to give the r a s p ­ b e rry to se em e d s a d ­ dened by his death F ri­ day. 
Itinerant philosopher, lay preacher. Courthouse fixture and old coot were all t e r m s used to d e ­ sc rib e the 82-year*old vendor who walked the halls of City Hall and the 
Courthouse for some 45 years. 
At glance he seemed like nothing more than a crusty old vendor who m ade hts re g u la r rounds at City Hall and the Courthouse — but he d isp e n sed m uch m o re than candy and fruit. 
Fixture 
"H e was a fixture who gave a lot of color and feelin g to th is p l a c e ," sa id D ist. C lerk E lton 
Cude. who knew Apple 
G e o rg e b ack w hen he sta rted his c a re e r as a public employe in 1935. 
S ev eral y e a r s ago, how ever A pple G eo rg e said he began his vendor b u sin e ss in 1932, a fte r three years employment with tile federal govern­ ment. 
Apple George died at 
Lutheran General Hospi­ tal after a lengthy illness. 
"One th in g he w a s never scared to do was to speak his m in d .’' said 
City Public W orks Dir. 
Sam Granata. 
In fact it appears Apple 
G eo rg e, had the r a r e distinction of having told a San Antonio mayor to his face — he was crazy. 
Remembers 
C ude re m e m b e r e d d u rin g one of the late 
Maury Maverick’s term s as m a y o r d u rin g the 
193os. Maverick and Ap­ ple G e o rg e got into a s h o u tin g m a tch and 
Maverick told the vendor he was crazy. 
"W hen Maverick said that. G eorge turned a r ­ ound and said, ‘You must be crazier than I am, be- ca u se y o u ’re g ettin g a bigger pension than 
I am ." C'ude said 
Apple George was also known for b rea k in g up 
City Council meetings by going in while it was in session, pointing at the council m e m b e r s and then g iv in g th em the raspberry 
" H e ’d go iii and point at them individually and go ‘phffffssfff to you' at 

41 years 

Wall units priced unbelievably right. Complete three unit group as shown is $159. Each ready to assemble unit is 12" deep, 3o" wide. 72" high, and may be purchased separately. 
Sixteen inch depth, extra shelves, and another model offered at slightly higher prices. 
Vinyl clad finishes are white, chocolate brown, walnut, light or dark butcher block. Fin­ ished natural elm veneer wood units are also available. Master Charge, BankAmericard or revolving charge plan. 

Ju d g e B urnett served from 1922 until 1963, first as ju d g e of th e B e x ar 
County Civil Court then as judge of its successor. 
County Court-at-Law No. 

 the in d iv id u a l council m em bers when they did s o m e th in g he d i d n t like,’’ Granata said. 
One co u n ty em p lo y e also r e m e m b e rs Apple 
George had a comeback ready whenever someone refu sed to buy som e can d y or fruit he w as selling. 
"If they did that, he’d just turn around and say 
‘you d o n ’t have m oney for fruit, but then you go out and buy beer.’ ” the employe said. 
Apple George, who was c h ris te n e d as 
A lfred 
P ierce G orby, ca m e to 
San Antonio in 1929 when he receiv ed a m ed ical discharge from the Army at Ft. Sam Houston. 
He acquired his Kline 

 nam e after being infor­ m ally ad o p ted by the 
Arthur Kline family. 
The Ada. Ohio, native was gassed during World 
War I, but lost his medi­ cal disability at the start of World War II because of a technicality. 
Father 

Apple George said his fa th e r. W illiam H enry 
Harrison Gorby, served as a co u n ty c o m m is ­ sioner during the turn of the century. 
D espite his salty la n ­ guage and sp irited run ins with politicians, there was another side to the lean vendor. 
He regularly attended the First Baptist Church, according to one of its 

P rio r to the p re s e n ta ­ tion. J. Louis Quintanilla, who se rv e d as J u d g e 
Burnett’s court clerk for 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341 -2281 

FEBRUARY SALI 

FREE! 
B 
H 
H 
H f l 

POLYESTER FIBERFILL 
P IL L O W S 

W ith your Purchase of a 
SERTA 

PERFECT SLEEPER® 
...the tough latex stain that fights fading and blistering! 
MATTRESS 

AND 

FOUNDATION 

OFFER G O O D 
W HILE 
Q UANTITIES 
LAST1 

Twin 
Size 
Full Size 
Queen Size 
King Size 

W oodsm an wakes up weary w ood w ith a forest o f fresh 

 colors. Hues that stay tru e —fight fading and blistering 

 years longer than oil stain. And it ’s all latex-easy. Sm ooth- 

 flow ing , fast-drying, soap and w ater cleanup. Ideal for all type w ood: sm ooth or roughcut. interio r or ex te rio r. For 

 shakes, shingles, fence or siding., ask for W oodsman Solid 

C olor Latex Stain. 

12 Colors in stock — Custom Colors slightly higher. £ 4 9 

Rag. 8.95 Gal.......................................... Now D 

EXPRESS-MEWS 

 tip p e t* Na<*» CcwpofQ*!on 
JU) w* tw w u .« ru t/ 

 rafter sutra surntMt 

6446 SAN PEDRO 
828-5444 
3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD 
736-5878 

SATURDAY ONLY! 
MAJOR APPLIANCE 
AND ELECTRONICS 
SALE! 

SAVEIO 

On all in-stock major appliances 

• Refrigerators 
• Dryers 
• Microwaves 

• Dishwashers 
• Gas ranges 
• Washers 

• By GE 
• Amana 
• Tappan 

• Frigidaire 
• Caloric 

SAVE15 

On all in-stock electronics 

• Televisions 
• Stereos 
• Hi-Fi equipment 

By Zenith 
• Magnavox 

Sony 
• Toshiba 
• GE 

• Panasonic 

• BSR 
• Pioneer 

One day only! Hurry in Saturday for great savings on brand-name major appliances and electronics for your home! Everything in our stock is reduced 1o% to 15%! 
Remember, this sale is Saturday only, so shop early for super savings! Sale limited to stock only . . . no special orders. 

Save over 5o% on famous maker CB radios 

Orig. 139.95.Prominent IOO, 
23 channel with RF meter, squelch control, and dy­ namic mike reduced for exceptional savings! Limited quantities, so hurry in early! 

YOUR CHOICE 
O tig . 139.95. Alaron 23 channel cjtizen's band radio with delta tuning, squelch control, P A. switch and built-in automatic noise lim­ iter. Limited quantities. 
6888 

Ask about Josk e's con ven ien t M ajor P u rch ase Budget P lan . 
No special orders. No phone or mail orders. 
Shop early! Major Appliances, all stores. 

 l l ) 

 foe cc 
*© ii SN, 

 irrxm rm r 

 e m inx hrnmnvct 

— A UNIT OI ALLIED STORES 
^ 
ALL STORES OPEN SATURDAY AT 9 A M. SHOP DOWNTOWN 'TIL D J BRANCHES 'TIL 9! 

F R E E PARKING ALL DAY SATURDAY Downtown in the Jumbo U t with validated ticket! 

 r 

Cindy Enriquez steps out in front of the Fox Tech High School bond as the group marches down Houston Street in Friday’s western parade. 

'** i 
* y 
Ti* Tt'ty \ 

RODEO P A R A D E STAUTS IT ALL 

By DEBORAH WESER 

Marshal Sam McCloud has nothing on mc! 
Up on 
B aggie, a 
3-year-old black mare, 
I clipped off westbound on Houston Street Friday morning — wrong way, that is — with several hundred real trail riders fresh into San Antonio for the opening of the Stock 

Show and Rodeo. 
The temporary reverse traffic flow on Houston is apparently a special fringe benefit for rodeo paraders only. 
The turn-about helped build my feeling of fantasy aboard that horse. 
Clouds lifted, a few pi­ g e o n s sc a tte re d , a behatted child yelled 
‘ bang, bang.” the sun 

DEBORAH greets Buggie w ith a friendly pot 
STAFF PHOTOS BV JOSE BARRERA 

 peeped through to warm my way and a light c rowd lined the route. 
Exhilarating is hardly the word for it! 
Fantasy 
Riding a horse 
— rigged with w estern trappings — in that par­ ade through San Antonio has long been a secret wish of mine. Fantasy truly fulfilled! It all started last week when a nameless “ someone” re­ marked. “ Have we got a horse for you!" 
T urned out, Alamo 
Trail Ride chief scout and assistant boss, Jim 
Coleman — a trucker in his working time — real­ ly did have a horse for me. 
Buggie and I met for­ mally at the the 11135 ac­ cess road and Austin 
Street north of the cen­ tral business district 
Her manners, fortuna­ tely. were im peccable. 
She only nipped one neighboring horse once and didn t bat an eyelash at flashy plastic* whirly­ birds some youngsters were waxing down the road. 
Guards 
Coleman thoughtfully provided me with two personable guards, Mrs. 
Twila 
Chinn and 
IH-year-old 
Sharon 
Center, both of Adkins out east on Rigsby Road. 
Sharon is a 1oth grade 

 lieneoth that trail-grim ed western garb beats the heart o f a secretary, insurance m an, butcher* baker, doc­ tor and contractor 

 student at East Central 
High School. She and 
Mrs. Chinn are accom ­ plished riders. 
I am not. 
They are also accus­ tomed to their mounts. 
They should be. 
Both started with the Alamo 
Trail Ride last week in 
Camp Wood and cam e the full 15o-plus miles over hill and dale to San 
Antonio on those horses. 
I certainly didn’t know my horse. And, to tell the 

 honest truth, Cd never ridden western before. 

Even Bexar County 
Com. A. J. Ploch — who dropped by to visit with some of the rid e rs •— looked a little startled when he spotted me. I didn’t fall off, though. 

Close to a dozen separate trail ride groups joined up for the tradi­ tional F riday m orning parade, moving through 

T h e R o o ts S a le. 

Selected shoes and boots in every Roots shop are sale priced during January and February 
So, if you come in soon, you can vive a lot of loot on a pc. ir of Roots 

2o% to 5o% off.Now. 

4225 MCCULLOUGH — 822-o653 
BtTWttN “ /“ “ BRAND * OU"OS 

DREAM to ride in stock show parade begins 
Coal plant breakdown curtails gas 

 town at a steady walk along Houston and onto 
Cam aron w here they reached the highway ac­ cess road that got them turned back to Joe Free­ man Coliseum. 
Scattered among the rider groups were high school marching bands, costum ed tw irlers and just plain joyful young­ sters glad to be alive. 
The rider groups gave off a family feeling that’s hard to describe but ap­ parent once you’re among them. It may be part of the tradition. 
Far away 
W hatever it is, the sense of sharing is strong enough to attract regu­ lars from as far away as 
M issouri, Illinois and 
Oklahoma. Beneath that trail-g rim ed w estern ga rh beats the heart of a se c re ta ry , in surance m an, b utch er, baker, doctor or contractor. 
Couldn’t find a cand ­ lestick maker but an In­ dian chief turned out for the big p arad e: 
82-year-old Clem Evans, a Cherokee chief from 
Oklahoma who made the ride in from Camp Wood and continued on through the parade and back out to the Coliseum. 
Two M issouri rid e rs turned up for the Alamo 
Trail Ride with their own elegant Tennessee walk­ ing horses: Mr. and Mrs. 
Albert R. H arrim an of 
Malta Bend. 
H arrim an, who is 71, joined the parade with a friend from 
Sweet 
Springs, Mo., 78-year-old 
Edgar Daniel. Mrs. Har­ riman stayed back at the tra ile r to nurse a cold caught un the way in this week. 
Trail rides are a r e ­ tire m e n t hobby with 
Daniel. He talked the 
H arrim ans into joining him for the San Antonio venture this year. All of them plan to be* back in 
1B78. 
Matter of fact, me, too 
— maybe. Now I’ve dune it once, I may join next 
K*ar, too. If Sharon and 
Mrs. Chinn agree to play guards again, that is. 

Christina Farley, left, and Anita Martinez wave at marchers during 
Friday’s stock show parade. Folded newspapers their knees dry and the sun finally broke through the clouds especially for the parade. 

A natural gas curtail­ ment W ednesday and 
Thursday to City Public 
BNJ. MIXER BAR-BQUE COURON 
Family Order Bar-B-Que Beef 

I lb. of delicious BSQ BUF with SAUCE, and I pint each: COLI SIAW , POTATO SALAD, PINTO 
BEANS A LOAF OF FRENCH BREAD. Regularly 
$4.95, limit 
7 g g S TO CO 
1 
^ 
OMIT 
IFFBCTIVi THRU WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY IB , 1 9 7 7 

Service by 
Lo-Vaca 
(lathering Co. was not the result of Lo-Vaca gas going out of state. 
The cutbacks were the result of a North Texas lignite coal plant break­ down, which increased demand by I TO million cubic feet per day. a Lo- 
Vaca spokesman said. , 
Affected w ere CPS. 
Austin and the Lower 
Colorado River Authori­ ty 
CPS spokesman Jerry 
Spengler said Friday the cutbacks also could have been caused by lapses in spot contract purchases. 
He termed the IB-hour cutback inconsequential. 
It lusted from 5 p m 
W ednesday to noon 
Thursday. Spengler said. 
CPS burned about 2,ODO barrels of fuel oil instead of the gas. Fuel oil costs no more than natural gas, Spengler said, so no change will be reflected in bills. 
Lo-Vaca is supplying natural gas to the Trans­ continental Pipeline Co. under emergency legis­ lation relaxing price con­ trols fur interstate gas 

E nvoy m oves up 

AS 
PUI 

H ousing 
Authority is sued 

A lawsuit accusing the 
San Antonio Housing 
Authority of harassing members of a public em­ ployes unum was filed 
Friday in district court. 
The union is seeking 
S54N1.INH) in damages. 
According to the suit, the agency used public funds illegally to send cards to unum members so they could revoke their membership 

Henry 
“ The 
F o x ” 
Munoz, executive direc­ tor of the American Fe­ deration of Stale County and 
M unicipal 
E m ­ ployes, Local 23B9. said the notices were not ap proved by the union as required by state law. 
Several housing auth­ ority employes also have agreed to harass union m em bers during work­ ing hours, the suit al­ leges. 

P oison lcurctl 

SEVESO, 
Italy 
- 
CAPE TOWN. 
South J Relies have erupted on 
Africa — Prime Minister the skin of about too 
John Vorster announced 1 children here, rekindling that retiring 
Foreign f tears of long-term effects 
Minister Hilgard Mullet prom a chemical plant will be replaced t*> R F jl* *k that g raved bete so 
Botha, South A frica’s land its residents with a current am bassador lo j[poisonous cloud seven the Unwed Stales 
I months ago 

A matched pair of miniature mules, Poncho and Pedro, pull Rost 
Stafford in his m iniature covered wagon through the streets ol downtown San Antonio in the San Antonio Livestock Show and Rodec parade. 

Sale through Feb. 21st. 

Extraordinary prices tor this folding chair and ottoman and matching rocker, designed by 
Taheshi Ni Of elegant simplicity, yet the greatest comfort, it has a chromed steel frame, lacquered wood arms, and a strong washable canvas sling seat that comes in white or brown. 
Limited quantities Master Charge or Bank American 

Nw rhoir* 
Rocker,555. 
Ny u na ir & regularly $75 
Ottoman,$79. 

 to»4? San Pedro rn me corner of Jackson Keller im Village Rara) lei 34t?21t storehouse 

Riders parade to rodeo 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Soturdoy February 12 1977 

JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... AND YOU'LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

 beguin man eager to see m ore ooultr 
COAST TO OCHS! 

KING HEADBOARD, ADD $38 

SAVE *1o2 

Add Traditional Style Luxury 
At An Affordable Levity. Price! 

Here's a distinctive bedroom styled with classic flair and enhanced by delicate gold tone striping! The group in­ cludes a 72" door dresser, 2 mirrors, full/queen size head­ board, and night stand in rich Pecan engraved w ood pro- ducts and selected hardwoods! 
RLO. 5249-D oor C h e s t...........................................................5197 
C h a m p i o n s 

James D. Epperson of Valley Spring showed the champion and reserve champion boar pig and champion sow pig in the Hampshire class in the breeding swine show Friday at Joe Freeman 
Coliseum. 
Furruturi 

Dennis Tomascik of Buckholts entered the reserve champion sow pig. 

Charles Real of Converse exhibited the champion boar pig and reserve champion boar and sow pig in the Berkshire division. 

Laura Schmidt, also of Converse, entered the champion Berkshire sow pig. 
SAVE 
*5o 
SAVE 
*8o 
Journalists from Canada visiting S.A. 

 k I™ T [ 
89“ SOHA 
^ 
^ 
* reg. $429 r y 
Unmistakable Value: This 
Easy-Living Futorian Group! 

Choose these bold, contemporary pieces in new flame stitched V edra & oletin (super looking and extra dur­ able!) with genuine hardwood trim and deluxe, deep- seating comfort! 
REG. $369-66" Loveseat........................................$29* 
REG. $2I9-Chair in lush cotton velvet 
SI** 

RLG. $249 
Save! This Elegant 5-Pc. Set 

 includes 42"x42"-54" table with Chestnut tone on wood products and simulated w ood, hi-pressure plastic top ... plus 4 chairs with supple black vinyl seats. Save! 

REG $149 COCKTAIL TABLE, $119 
REG $169 COM MODE CHEST, $139 
REG $149 END TABLE. $11* 
REG $169 SOFA TABLE. $13* 

 saw 25-foot snow d rills there. 
Jo h n F ilio n . a f r e e ­ lance writer from Toron­ to. was on his second trip to Texas. Last su m m e r he drove across the Pan­ handle. 
Arranged 
The visit was arranged by In te rn a tio n a l R ela- tions D epartm ent of the 
San Antonio Convention aud V isitors B ureau iii c o n ju n c tio n w ith the 
U nited S ta te s Travel 
Serv ice. 
Others present Friday included Doug Newman, a s so c ia te e d ito r. C a n a ­ dian Motorist Magazine, 
Toronto; Stu Holloway, a freelancer. G uelph. On­ tario: John O’Leary, CBC 
Radio, Toronto. 
Jean M arie B ertrand. e d ito r. E vasio n M a g a ­ zine. M o n treal; Daniel 
Minus, t r a \ e l e d ito r. 
J o u r n a l de M o n tre a l. 
Montreal; Richard Cote, travel editor. Le Soled, 
Q uebec, and Boh Bell, 
Clag ary Herald. Calgary. 

A group of Canadian journalists attended the 
F r id a y n ig h t p e r f o r ­ mance of the rodeo of the 
San Antonio Livestock 
Show and Rodeo at Joe 
Freem an Coliseum 
The journalists arrived iii San Antonio Friday and will visit points of interval in San Antonio, 
Natural Bridge Caverns. 
San M arcos and W im ­ berley, before leaving t uesday for Canada. 
Snow 

P e te r 
G o o d sp eed , staffer of the St. C ather­ in e s 
S ta n d a rd , 
St. 
Catherines, Ontario, said he spent the last weekend covering the snowstorm 
“ that wiped out Buffalo." 

St. Catherines is about 
.’MI miles from Buffalo, he explained. It is the center ol a truit producing arca and is noted for grapes, p each es and c h e rrie s . 
Goodspeed said. Good- sliced said the w in te rs there are mild generally. 
But two weekends ago lie 

SAVE *2o to *82 
Save On Simmons 
Perfect Support Bedding! 

TWIN SIZE MATT RESS 
OR BOX SPRING 

SAVE *61 
Convert This Sofa To A Queen Size Bed 
Enjoy fbi* extra firm 312 coil innerspring mattress in a bright, quilted floral print cover, luxuriously cushioned' 
REG. $!o9-Full size mattress or box spring, c a ...........................$89 
REG. $269-<Juecn si/c mattress A box spring. 2-pc set . . . . $219 
REG. 1369-King mattress A 2 box springs, 3-pc s e t 
$287 

You'll never have to worry where to sleep guests again! This contem­ porary W lishtrc sleeper features a dynamic covering of super-durabk olefin that shrugs off stain and soil, smart pullover arms, reversible cushions, easy-roii bail casters. Generous, comfortable sleeping for 2! 

Take Advantage Of This 
Great Bar Stool Offer! 
Gold Tone 
Etageres! 
Reflect Beauty With 
Ibis Bassett Mirror! 
Death causes 
Mexico concern 

 l a 
U 
EACH 

Wake up your walls with this dramatic new look! 
Wrought von etageres are each 25'x I2*x64* tab. have 
3 shelves, arched tops scrollwork sides. Easy to assemble! Save now! 

Contemporary 
3o* tall stool has a chrome tone steel frame, heavy duty bronze vinyl scat cover and self-leveling floor glides for steady seating 
Easy to assemble 

Wake up your wail* with this beautifully shaped 
47*x35" mirror. Its intri­ cate gold tone Irsmv has a crystalclear float glass center!__________________ 

Mexico has expressed concern over the death of a 
Mexican national here. 
Haul Goit/alez-Galar/a. Mexican Consul General, said Mexico w ants to know how the deulh of 
Francisco Ceni/cros Lira. 32. occurred, 

Lira was arrested Saturday by U S. Border Patrol agents near Del Rio for illegal entry into the United 
States. 
The following day he was Bown to a San Antonio hospital for treatm ent of severe blows to the head 
Ile died early this week. 

A probe into lite death Is betag conducted by the 
Val Verde district attorney's office and the FBI. 
The district attorney was not available for com­ ment Friday 

 tioitzales-G alarza said he would wall fur the results of thai investigation 
Lira originally was from San Augustine de Mel!* iii Central Mexico. 

* 543o GREAT FARE 
L h mI Slur** Mgr. 
Duslv Peri 
T elep h on e tub I-VCI I 
I uMonier turn 
Open Dads IO a n i- 5 : 

KEEP-YOUR COOL 

It you have a problem 

 y o u r lo c a l b lo re m a n a g e r 

 d o e s n 't s o lv e , 

CM Miami, Ft*. M#*dqu*#ters 
To* F iat J *oo-127 7*4$ 

• c u rt I lb s T Mn U»tT< r v ts iK M COS SOS AI IQS 

Loop<4IO) A Interstate 33 
Al Killim.m Rd Exit 

P r i e r s e ffe c tiv e t h r u T u es while p r e s e n t supply lasts 

Schools given reductions in land valuations 

The new valuations are part o f the governor's 1978-79 school finance package 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
AUSTIN — Appeals have won eight 
Bexar County school districts cuts in land value assignm ents from the ori­ ginal figures set by the Governor's 
O ffice of E d u c a tio n a l R e s o u rc e s 
(GOER). 
As part of the governor's new school finance program , the GOER set the original fair m arket value and agri­ c u ltu r a l land use value on land in each district during the state land reappraisal for tax purposes. 
The new valuations are a part of the g o v e r n o r ’s 1978-79 school fin an c e package, one of several pending before the 65th Legislature. 
The largest reduction in valuation 

 was won by the San Antonio School 
District. 
Its original fair m arket value figure was set at $2.5 billion by GOER and was reset at $2.4 billion after the ap­ peal. 
Value of land suitable for a g ric u l­ tural use was reduced to $18.6 million. 
Dr. Harold Hitt, superintendent, said the reduction was close to $1o6 million. 
The red u c tio n in land v alu es a s ­ signed to the district will decrease the amount of ad valorem taxes and thus reduce the amount the district has to 

 pay to the state as part of its local fund assignment, he said. 
Judson School District was reduced 
$5.5 million in both categories. The fair market value was reduced from $341.5 million to $336 million and the a g ri­ cultural value was reduced from $322.8 million to $317.3. million. 
Supt. William Sevier pointed out it is not possible to compute the actual dol­ lars and cents savings to the district until each district in the state has been evaluated and assigned a per cent it must pay to support its schools. 

The percentage required from each district, he said, depends on the va­ luation and so a lower valuation is ad­ vantageous to the district, he said. 
In the Alam o H eights School D is­ trict. v alues were reduced from $54o.5 million to $515.9 million. 
Edgewood district was reduced $112 m illion in both ca te g o rie s. On fair market value the district dropped from 
$94.1 million to $82.9 million. The dis­ trict was reduced from $76.5 million to 
$65.3 m illio n in a g r i c u l t u r a l use values. 
Sehertz-C ibolo-U niversal City was cut $2.6 million — from $167.4 million to $164 8 million on fair m arket value and from $138.8 million to $135 9 m il­ 

 lion in agricultural value 

South San Antonio School District was granted a $3o million reduction from $257 million to $227 million of fair market value and from $252 million to 
$222 million of agricultural value. 
Southside School District's valuation was dropped from $S2.7 million to $75 
Big co-ops 

DENYER (AP) — R epresentatives of two large farm cooperatives have voted to joiirin a merged organization with $3 billion in annual sales, a spo­ kesman announced Friday. 
The m erger would make ii one of the 

 million of fair m arket value and from 
$52 million to $44 9 million on agricul­ tural value. 
In Southwest School District the re ­ duction amounted to $6 million. 
Reduction on fair market value was from $156.9 million to $15o.9 million and on a g ric u ltu ral value from Sill million to $1o5 million. will m erge 

 nation's 7o largest companies. 
R epresentatives of F A R M A R C O , the nation's largest grain cooperative, voted overwhelmingly to m erge with the Kansas City-based F arm la n d In­ dustries. Inc. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 
FFC sits on gas permits 

 cowpato FROM WIRt SERVICES 
W ASH INGTO N - De­ spite severe natural gas shortages in many states, more than two dozen applications to sell or transport gas have been bottled up in the Federal 
Power Commission for more than a year, Sen 
Wendell Ford said F r i­ day. th e Kentucky Demo­ crat said the applications represent “ untold b il­ lions of cubic feet of na­ tural gas for eventual public consumption 
Ford asked for a con­ gressional investigation and told the Senate that the entire F F C should resign if the probe deter­ mines that the commis­ sion is guilty of “ sheer indifference or the sim ­ ple inability to carry out its functions." 

T lie rn io *ta t* down 

W ASHINGTON - The 
Federal Energy Adm in­ istration reports indica­ tions are that people are turning down therm os­ tats as President Carter asked and are saving substantial amounts of natural gas. 

W aru ke okay i* iii doubt 

WASHINGTON - Sen­ ate 
M in o rity leader 
Howard Baker. H-Tenn . says he has serious doubts about confirming 
Paul Warlike as strategic arms negotiator and Sen 
John Stennis. I)-Miss . said his Armed Services 
Committee will hear tes­ timony from Warlike. 
But supporters of 
Warnke’s nomination to head the Arms Controls and 
D isarm am ent 
Agency as well as nego­ tiate with the Russians said the trend is running in their favor. 
The big rap against 
Warlike is his past oppo­ sition to development of new nuclear weapons systems. 
Censorship 

HONOLULU - Retired 
Gen. W illia m ( . V\ est • moreland says the lack of censorship hurt the Flut­ ed States effort in the 
Vietnam war. claim ing the media bad a vital im pact on the public psyche. 
Drought hurting 

SA C RA M EN TO . Calif. 
— Southern California is sending precious water northward as leader the state capital talk about rationing water for all of 
C a lifo rn ia ’s ‘J I m illion people. 

Policy m aker* are concerned 

W A SH IN G T O N 
- 
Some State Department 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

 officials are worried that the policy of speaking out publicly against human rights violations in the 
Soviet Union m ay be counter-productive. 
D epartm ent sources said this rethinking of 
American policy comes in the wake of the arrest in Moscow of Yurt Orlov, a leading Russian dissi­ dent who has san) pre­ vious expressions of U.S. concern made his situa­ tion safe 

N ow , flo o d * arc coin ing 

W ELCH, W Va 
- Of fin a ls are preparing evacuation plans as melting snow and spring water began feeding the 
Mod Branch, sending it rising against a chain of five crude, earthen dams holding millions of gal­ lons of w ater above homes near this co al­ mining town 
Bp to half an inch of rain was forecast for Sa­ turday and temperatures 

 iii the HOs are melting a snow pack of up to ll) inches in the area. 

E R A m e a s u r e i* rejected 

CARSON C ITY. Nev - 
The Nevada Assem bly rejected the 
Eq u al 
Rights 
Am endm ent. three days after the Ne­ vada Senate narrow ly approved it. 
There was no effort by pro-ERA legislators to seek reconsideration. which could have kept the issue alive. 
In order for the E R A to become part of the C S 
Constitution, it must In* ratified by at least JJS states no later thaw 
March JO, 197o Thus far. 
•T) states have ratified it. hut three later rescinded their ratifications 

Su*an *entciiced 

P H IL A D E L P H IA - A federal judge sentenced antiwar activist Susan 
Save to lo years iii prison for the 1o7o robbery of a savings and loan com ­ pany here and a break-in at a National Guard ar­ mory iii Massachusetts. 
Link claimed 

W ASHINGTON - Fvi deuce linking a m yster­ ious outbreak of illness nine Nears ago iii Pon­ tiac, Sikh., with bacteria like those found iii the 
“ Legionnaires disease" ol last Summer in Phila­ delphia was reported by government scientists 

The Aces 
On Bridge 
Bv IRA (;. CORN JR. 

“ The hest things in life are free also the worst advice " 
- J L Shaw 
Bridge players are always advised lo take their tricks 
“ while the taking is good 
Otherwise, the trick might disappear forever True in most cases 
But theres al ways a rare exception Look over this jewel uncovered in a team match by Deborah 
Wolff ifcasO. wife of Ate Bob 
Wolff 
Souths two i tub rue bid showed two five card unbid suits and when North bid three clubs. South's three heart rebid showed five hearts arid five diamond- 
North thought that he had enough support, to he carried on to the heart game 

The club eight went to dummy's ace and a low heart was led to declarer s queen A low diamond was led to dum­ my's ace and another heart lead was won by East's ace 
East now led a high club which declarer ruffed 
Declarer was known to have five diamonds and five hearts and a singleton club 
Therefore, he could have only tw o spades 
Y e t when declarer led the spade queen and passed it. Deborah refused her last chance to score the king And it was the only way to beat the hand' 
Had she taken the king of spades, she would have had no e ffe c tiv e e x its and declarer would score three spades, four hearts two high diamonds and the club ace 

After Deborah x paralyzing duck, dummy's spades were shut out forever and declarer played for a possible mistake 
A spade was led to the ace and a low diamond was led from dummy 
Had East ruffed, that would have meant fen tricks, so she dis 

2 I I A 

EAST 
H 
U 
I 
¥ A J 8 
♦ Q 
* K U J IO J 

NOHTH 
* A J 1o 9 
* lo ; j 
* A i 
4 A 9 A 
HEST 
* 6 13 f 4 J 
4 J IO 9 6 3 
* H JJ 
SOA TH 
* (J 8 
V K w 9 6 S 

* K 8 7 4 J 
4 <> 

Vulnerable 
East West, 
Dealer East. The bidding 

East hautb R o t 
North 
I * 
3 * 
P a s s 
J * 
Dbl 
3» 
Pa . 
4* 
Pass 
Pass Pass 

Opening lead 
Eight of clubs 

 carded a spade 
Declarer won the king, hut it was all over lf he tried to ruff a dia­ mond 
East would overrun and if he drew East s last trump West would take three diamond tricks 
Most often it pays to lake a trick when you know it’s going lo be the last chance 
But not always 

Bid with Corn 
South holds 

* K : 5 4 
* A J 8 
* V 
4 k u J to ? 

 in k 

Soul h Nous 
I* lf 

Answer: One spade North might have four in each ma­ jor and the one spade rebid investigate* this possibility lf 
North bids ag ain , a delayed heart raise should complete the picture 

Dillards .s brightening your February with 
YY\ A fO for your home 

I 
I 
... at much less than our everyday prices! 

 now . . . deluxe 12-speed mixer 

 at special low price! 

W a rin g I 2-speed twoway mixer with handy beater ejector 
... adapts for hand or stand mixing. 

 lightweight 
Waring 3-speed hand mixer saves you time and work! 
9.99 special 

Waring fully automatic deluxe can opener 

 lightweight, conveniently portable, yet a power­ house of performance! 

.•23-v 
: l- * < 

1o.99 special 

Opens standard and large size cans ... fully automatic remova­ ble blade, cord storage unit. 

2 days only vacuum cleaner sale! 

You can have any 

Eureka or Hoover model 

 we carry at 
1o% TO 
2o% OFF 
Rag. 49.95 to 169.95 
44.96 to 135.96 

Friday and Saturday only, save on our top quality vacuum cleaner bargains! 

 save $3o! International 

 fine china 45-pc. sets; 

 service for eight, four 

 attractive patterns 
59.99 compare at $9o 

Set includes 8 each: dinner, salad, soup bowl, cup, sau­ cer. 5-pc. hostess: platter, sugar and lid, vegetable bowl, creamer. 

Choose from these exciting patterns: Cresswood — brown, pale orange, Golden scroll— gold, white, green, 
Juliet— blue, brown, green, yellow, Queen Anne— white on white. 

 save 2 5% on these exotic hand woven 

 area rugs from India! 

4x6', rag. 199.95 149.95 

Shop now and save on these 
£x9 ' reg. 399.95 .... 299.95 unique hand tied, hand woven 
6x9, 
9 , 9 9 5 .... 7 4 9 .9 6 area rugs from India, each with its own special story. 
9x12 reg. $995 ..... / 46.25 

 brighten up your bedroom and save on 

Croscill's “Old Colony" ensemble! 
39.99 
Twin bedspread, reg. $55 
Our natural homespun 1oo% cotton fringed ensemble is from Croscill ... your choice in gold, brown, brick or natural. bedspreads 
Full, reg. $65 ......... 49.99 
Queen, reg. $8o .... 59.99 
Dual, reg. $9o ........ 69.99 
Pillow sham, reg. $16...... 9.99 draperies 
48x84", reg. $2o ... 12.99 
72x84", reg. $35 .... 24.99 
96x84", reg. $45 ... 29.99 

D ra p e rs 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO 'TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, WINDSOR PARK, MILITARY PLAZA 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-—Saturday February I 2 1977 

Dillard’s 

% a ( « > t 

14 th 

( 

VO rn 
,b 

O r 

 give her a romantic look 

...blouses by Alice Stuart 

She'll look wonderfully feminine when you give her Alice 

Stuart's blouse featuring a soft detachable bow she can 

 wear as a scarf, ascot or flip tie. Designed in Ultressa®, 

 a w oven 1 o o % Dacron®’, polyester fa b ric b y K lopm an. 

Black/white or red/white stripes. 8 to 1 6.............$26. 

Top Shop 

 save on personalized jewelry 
25* OFF 

How long has it been since you've told her 

 how truly wonderful she is? Show her with 

 exquisitely designed gold-tone pendants, 

 lockets, earrings, bracelets, dog tags and 

 ankle bracelets. Pieces from this collection 

 engraved free of charge. 

/ 

Regularly $4 to 12.5o 

$3 TO 9.38 

/ / 
J 

C ir 

Je w e lry 

V 
\\ 

 especially for 
Valentines... 
"sweetheart" long gown 

/ 
A 
/ 

For your very special 

 i lady...your personal 

Valentine 

 statement...our 

"sweetheart" long 

 gown designed with 

 delicate heart-shaped CwIxjl i on fitted bodice in free 

 flowing 1oo% nylon. 
Available in Valentine red or 

 white. Sizes P-S-M 
............................ $22 

Sleepwear 

A 

Spam's royal advisor Antonio Maria de Oriol sits with his wife after his rescue by police from kidnapers. 
— 

AP Wirephoto 
Fighting erupts in 
Lebanon 

CO MPH re ISOM WIRt SERVICES 
B E IR U T 
— 
Syria n forces and Palestinian guerrillas clashed here 
F rid a y in tin1 worst fighting since the Leban­ ese en ll war ended three months ago 
The extent of the vio­ lent exchanges were tar bigger than in T h u rs­ day’s fighting. 
W it­ nesses said about ‘JU mortar shells a minute tell on tin1 Palestinian 
Sabra camp. the adjoin­ ing 
( 'b an ia and the nearby 
B o ri 
B ra t nidi camps on the city’s southern outskirts 
Traffic xx as shut down at Beirut International 
Airport for two hours 
Extent of casualties was not known 

Canada lo 

- .o n d 

OTTAW A - An addi­ tional .'I billion cubic feet ut Canadian natural gas has been approved for export to meet e m e r­ gency fuel needs in the 
Fluted States. 
The National Energy 
Board said tin1 gas will be shipped oxer a KO-duy period to Montana Power 
Co., freeing other gas supplies for shipment to the hard-pressed M id ­ western F.S. 
Tin* new deal brings lo 
LM 7 billion cubic feet the amount of em ergency exports approved by lb*1 board in the last two weeks 

( Catholic* in 

 r a cia l r e f o r m 

P R E T O R IA . 
South 
A frica — The Rom an 
Catholic Church says it intends to appoint black priests to white parishes as part of major church reform s iii racially di- xulcd South Africa 
The churel) issued a 
LM-point “ Declaration of 
Com m itm ent" to murk the church’s opposition to the nation's policies of 

WORLD 
DIGEST 

 apartheid — or separate racial development 
I’he church also sharp 
Iv criticized alleged po­ int' brutality during last ye a r's deal h-deaUng riots 

( luna seeks 
I .S. pullout 

I'E K I N il 
China ogam has called for the complete withdrawal ut 
\m erican troops horn 
South Korea 
Fo r the third lim e since the I idled Stales said it intended to phase out Us land forces in the south of the Korean pen­ insula, the Peking go­ vernment strongly reaf­ firmed Its position, w it Ii- out making any reference to tin* announced F.S. w ithdrawal 

Iii NS* binit "till 

 is* not rhargnl 

MOSCOW’ — lass news agency h a s accused laded dissident physicist 
Yuri Orlox of rudeness and disobedience to authorities, Im! there 
Still w a s no word of for­ mal c h a r g e s against him 
Orlox, a *2. xx .is seized by police Thursday and 

 h i s apartm ent xxas searched for txxo hours ills xx if*- said lie was iii 
M oscow ’s 
I.cfortovo prison, often used for state security olfenders 

 l*iil!l>a«‘k d rn in l 
T E L A V IV — Prim e 
Minister Yitzhak Rabin's office denied a state radio report of an agree­ ment between ins go­ vernment and Syria for w ith d raw al of Syria n forces from a Lebanese town eight miles from the Israeli holder 

Save time and money with 
\B LITTON 

M O DEL 1 o 2 

* 2 9 9 

AUTO. DEFROST CONTROL 

A B IG O V E N BUD G ET PRIC ED 
FOR SOMEONE 
YOU LOVE 

SHOP DILLARD'S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY FROM IO A M. TO 9 P.M.; CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

 l f TUR M I C U i Bf TTH if B VICI I T OOICHi 

I- ^ i r n n i i 'nmn 

 ll ut P 

Saturday February^ 2 1977 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

W illiam J. Reddell 

Editor of Editorial Page 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 

Editor an d Publisher 

George Carmack 
Associate Editor 

Pane I. Burt 

M a n a g in g Editor 

Make sick pay bonus a local-option vote 

Let's make it simple for Sen. 
Frank Lombardino. 

A gree now to put the unli­ mited sick-leave bonus Lombar­ dino wrote into state law on the 
April city council election ballot and abide by the people’s vote. 

Lombardino can ask his Sen­ ate colleagues to give their per­ mission for a local-option bill on the matter. They shouldn’t mind that since the bonus com es out of local funds, anyway, and not out of state1 funds. 

T hat w a y , 
L o m b a rd in o wouldn't have to depend upon his own personally-supervised poll, or the one he calls a “ kan­ garoo p o ll’’ sponsored by the 
E x p r ess-N e w s and su pervised by the a u ditin g firm of A le x ­ ander Grant & Co. 

That way, Lombardino could honor his public pledge and he would have an official e x p r e s ­ sion of public opinion from the people who pay the bills. That opinion would c o m e from the sam e electorate* that gave fire­ lighters and police officers the* right to bargain labor contracts. 
A local r e f e r e n d u m in April would be u sin g the p r in c ip le that tilt' best government is that which is closest to tin* people. 

It is disappointing to learn that L o m b a r d in o ’s c o lle a g u e s are making it difficult for him to honor his pledge. Custom in the 
L e g is la tu r e g r a n ts local legislators’ wishes in local mat­ ters. If the senator’s colleagues want to d ete rm in e San Anton­ ians’ desires on the issue we beg them to put the issue before the voters jai local-option basis. 

The sick-pay bonus is not an 
Express-N ew s vs. Lombardino battle, as the senator would have us think. It is Lombardino vs. his own constituency, according 

 to the results he announced in his own poll. 

We appreciate the confusion iii som e legislative minds. Po­ lice Chief Emil Peters support­ ed tilt* bonus because, he wrote to former City Manager Sam 
Granata, (July 9, 1974) “ if the 
City does not” resolve the issue, the Legislature w ill force it to be done. Peters is eligible for a fat bonus. 

But Granata disagreed with 
Peters. His letter to City Lob­ byist Luis Garcia (M arch 14, 
197a) said, “ The City is opposed to this (Lombardino) proposal.’’ 
Granata wanted to limit sick- pay bonuses and pay them in installments instead of in lump sums. 

Other mem bers of the Bexar delegation depended upon Lom­ bardino for information, appar­ ently. but if they were misled they were too easily misled. 

In the dispute, nobody has explained why only two Texas cities had the bonus forced upon th em by the 
L e g is la tu r e . 
Lombardino’s colleagues should wonder why their own cities ar­ en’t under the bonus law. 

T he a n s w e r is that other cit it's don’t w ant it and a refer­ endum would show that San An­ tonians also don’t want it. 
Local-option decision would be simple and it would keep lo­ cal budgets in control of people who have to raise the taxes. 

We hope the S en a te w o n ’t e m b a r r a s s 
L o m b a r d in o by keeping him from honoring his pledge to take San Antonio out of the Houston plan for the unli­ mited bonuses. We agree with the form er police association president, who told senators the issue was local and should be negotiated locally. 

I parading o f jail operation 

 has co m m issio n ers” support 

County Commissioners Court is holding to a plan to upgrade jail operation. 

T h e court got a d e ta ile d study of the op era tio n . Tile study by a professional found a c a ta lo g u e of w e a k n e s s e s and outlined steps to overcome tie* fa u lts . The court is following the ad\ ice. 

A m on g the fin d in g s w e re employment of guards with cri­ m inal re co rd s. T he m o v e to weed out unqualified employes has b eg u n , as it m ust if u p ­ grading of personnel is to be ta­ ken seriously. 

The jail has been badly run 

I think I can 
I think I can 
I think I can 
Consumer fth ie f 

 for y e a r s . 
C o m m i s s i o n e r s 
Court's goal. whi'ii it assum ed control, w as to in sta ll good m a n a g e m e n t . Good m a n a g e ­ ment has to begin with good staff and effective procedures. 
There is a chance to have both, given progress on efforts now being made. 

But 
Labor I Ilion 
L eader 
Henry Muon/ calls the efforts “ a witch hunt, an inquisition.” 
The record suggests Munoz is wrong. 
Credibility of a union needs fair standards clearly upheld. 
Thus, Munoz should be helping to make every union member a high-caliber employe. 

Sir: In this time of born-again right­ eousness it is odd that no one, not even the oil industry, seems to approach gas price regulation as a form of theft from landowners where the thief, who calls himself a “ consum er.” does not per­ sonally break in and steal but has his congressman do it for him. 
Is there a difference between stealing the oil and gas crop from underneath the land and the stealing of a corn crop from the surface? 
Does my “ need” for cheap gas .lus­ tily my stealing it? if so, then may I be excused for the ste a lin g of a c a r or c lo th in g from m a n u fa ctu re rs in an E astern in dus­ trial state? 
Does the com m andm ent "Thou shalt not steal” lune exceptions based upon need? 
What about that? 
Andrew l.ongaker 

No help from 
I .S. eapilal 

Sir: I ntil som e c o n g re ssm a n is 

 fo u n d frozen to d e a t h iii a s n o w b a n k , 
I iii afraid we can expect little help from Washington in solving our fuel crisis Why? The following items are all taken from the Congressional Re­ cord: 
Sept 
Iii. 1975. an article entitled 
“ What is Detroit doing to u s” describ­ ing how an engineer in Dallas — using standard parts manufactured by De­ troit (cost retail $259) — boosted his mileage from 24 5 to 44.5 miles per gallon. 
Oct. I. 197fi, an item about the so­ called “ A rk a n s a s H o m e ” w h ere houses are so constructed as to require less than $1oo per year to heat and cool 
— reducing fuel consumption by over ill! per cent. 
Jan. IX, 1977, review of Oregon’s 
“ Dottle Dill” outlawing non-returnable bottles. Calculated national energy savings of a ban in throwaways equal the electrical needs of 9.1 million 
Americans for a year; or gasoline for 
15 million cars averaging lo miles per gallon to travel IO.(Mill miles; or natural g a s to heat two million homes in the 
M id-A tlantic region for th e eight months heating season Another way to look at it: throwing away an aluminum 
12 oz. beverage can is like throwing it away half-full of gasoline — the energy equivalent used in its manufacture 
There's no fuel shortage — just a fuel crisis — contrived, manipulated and sustained by the hugely profitable oil. gas and utility industry. l’he January Forbes Magazine shows that of the 9H5 largest C S. corpora­ tions the oil industry’s return on equity is approximately 4o ja r cent higher than the rest of industry combined 
So the next tim e you hear some bureaucrat punt if icuting about lowered thermostats rem em ber there’s ail oil com pany v en trilo q u ist so m ew h ere who’s really saying ’’please don’t buy too much of that $2 gas this year I’d like to sell it to vou at $5 next year.” 
.fames Delaney 
Price on p ts a m iscon cep tion 

Sir Last week I noted an article in your paper that encoruraged the m is­ conception that the interstate gas price 

TO THE EDITOR 

Lefter* to this n e w sp ap er should b e sh o rt a n d th ey m ust b e signed. Initials only will b e u se d o f w rite r’s re q u e st. C orrect ad d re ss an d te le p h o n e n u m b er for id en tificatio n o f le tte rs a re n e e d e d . L etters will b e e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o o d ta s te a n d le g a l re a s o n s . 
A ddress: L etters to th e ed ito r, P O. Bo* 2 1 7 1 , Son 
A ntonio, TX 7 B 297. 

 is $1.42/1ooo cli. It. This is absolutely not true. It represents the m axim um price that was paid on the most newly discovered gas. 
I think that investigation would show that most interstate gas was selling for much less before the price increase approved by the FFC iii July 197H 
(so m e w as se llin g as low as 17 cen ts/1 OOO co. It). 
This price increase is being chal­ lenged in the courts. II and when it is approved, there will still be lots of pre-emergency gas selling around 5(1 cents/1ooo en. ft. This explains how out-of-state industries and utilities can pay top prices under tilt1 emergency energy legislation and still average only 94 cents/1ooo cu. ft. 
Local re s id e n ts would c e rta in ly appreciate this opportunity: You might also research tho num bers of expired contracts that are still being enforced bv the FIX' at thi* lower prices. Some of these expired five to seven years ago. This sort of information would help your readers to better understand their utility bill problems which have been compounded bv FFC regulations. 
Virginia C ooper 

G ilm ore stym ies death op p on en ts 

Sir: The opponents of capital pun­ ishment arc frustrated by the likes of 
Garv Gilmore. The killers feel that 
Berry’s 
World 

 death is an easy way out. Opponents seem to care not how the condemned feel,'Ss they go from judge to judge to stay the executions. In this case, who is inflicting “ cruel and unusual punish­ m ent” on whom? 

But as tin* Chuckle (Express Jan 15) so aptly stated. "T h e high cost of living has not affected it's populari­ ty!" This goes for most of those on death row, as it was with those they had murdered. However, it has been appointed, that at some point in time, everyone m ust die. So why all this ag ita tio n to ex ten d a c o n v icte d m urderer s life? 

The pseudo-liberals ap p ear to be composed of all heart and no head. 
Lest we forget, they were in the van­ guard in the assault on the abortion laws. In that fight, they were all head and no heart. Ii is to the credit of their intellectual know-how that now a m il­ ium pro-born innocent children are put to d eath an n u a lly . W hat m orally screwball cause will they propogate next? 
Alex I). Droll 

C om plim ent for Susan B oe 

Sir 
As an enthusiastic square dancer, I would like to commend Susan 
Boe for her excellent article (Feb. 7). 
It’s about time that square dancing got the recognition it deserves (Bless you. Jim m y Carter). 

As a "N ortherner" for most of my life, I had serious doubts as to how I would adapt to this form of relaxation, but I can tell you that my husband and 
I have spent many an enjoyable even­ ing meeting and dancing with some of the nicest people in Texas. 

We may not ever replace the nation s 
No. I pastime, but we’re sure going to give it a try! 
Donna Petrick 

‘Fellow cabinet m em bers, w e’ve guessed wrong again. 
President Carter’s wearing a suit and tie today’. ’ 
Ford budget tough to crack 

W ASHINGTON - G era ld 
Ford, who spent a lot of Ins career in Congress riding herd un defense budgets, has left 
President Carter a tough one to cut. 
Confounding prophets (including 
Defense S ecre tary Harold Brow n) who ^inoculated that the Imttom line might touch $15o billion, the Penta­ gon’s budget lur fiscal 1978 has gone to Congress for just $125 15 billion 
This sum represents a $15 billion increase over last year, half of it to c o m p e n s a te for inflation, the r e ­ maining $o 5 billion representing real growth in "c o n sta n t” (nontnfluted) dollars intended hi continue and rea­ lize last y ear’s administration initia­ tiv e lo n arro w the d efe n se gap between the Putted States and Bus- 

M i l 
Turnaround 
Even though this year A defense budget m arks the first substantive turnaround in eight past years of downturn or stagnation in real pur­ chasing power and postulates a fu­ 

 ture growth rate of over four per cent a year. for a $!♦>(» billion budget iii 
19K2, it rem ains by any real y a rd ­ sticks an austere document 
Going behind fiscal generalizations and comparisons. the following high­ lights stand out: 
• 
F or th e sev en th co n secu tiv e year, the Navy holds top spot. The two sea services get $41 billion. $5Ho million of it to pay for unforeseen inflation in shipbuilding costs. The 
Air f orce again follows, with $55.9 btl I ion, while the Arm) rests securely iii lust place with $5o 17 billion. 
• flu* alHne service budgets will provide total m ilitary m anpower of 
2 (Hi million officers and men, a m in­ ute (2JKMI) increase from lust year. 
Essentially, serv tee strengths remain unchanged from last year. 
• 
The huge, htgh-patd Deteiise 
Department civil force takes a m o­ dest cut, 5,ooo jobs, but will still num ber close to 95o.9oo, or about one civilian clerk for every two riflemen or seamen 
• Major forces serv tee budgets will buv am ong other things: l l Army divisions; three Marine divisions and air wings, 2o fully m odernized Air 

Col. 
Robert D. 
Heinl Jr. 

 fo rc e tactical wings and 24 strate- gic-bom ber (B52 and F B I!I) sq u a ­ drons; 15 aircra ft carriers with 12 
Navy air wings; 72 nuclear atta* k subm arines; and o5 am phibious a s­ sault ships 
Intense debate 
Following intense Internal debate and division i i i both Navy and De­ fense. as well as in Congress, lins budget conforms to a recent National 
Security Council rec o m m en d atio n thai there Im* no further funding for a filth large nuclear carrier of the NJ- nut/ class 
This d ecision, su re lo g e n e ra te heavy controversy, render', surplus over $$5o million worth of long-lead- tune items already appropriated for aud purchased for another superior* rier 

Current plans look toward a future cla ss of m id d le-siz ed 
(ab o u t 
OO,(H)O-ton> e a r n e r s to begin co n ­ struction in a year or so whenever designers can agree on their charac-* tcristics. 
Another controversial aspect of tins budget is that it provides tor only 2o new ships for the Navy (two Trident ballistic-missile subm arines, two nu­ clear attac k subs. 12 frig ates aud d e s tro y e r s , one n u c le a r s trik e - cruiser, the rem ainder auxiliaries). 
Reaction 

In what clearly seems a reaction to heightened < LA estim ates of Soviet capabilities ami intentions, the bud­ get plans on procurement of the Bl 
Ijomber ami continued development of Navy and Air Force cruise missiles which Russia is trying hard to scuttle 

 iii ongoing SALT-11 tu lk s 

Increased investment vs iii also go into FIS ami FIO (Air Force) fighters amt the Navy ’s F II and FIX 
Gut of a billion-dollar increase ut research and development money, one major iM-neflciary will fie the Air 
Force "M N mobile H BM ultima 

 telv intended to replace our aging, riot always reliable Minuteman force. 
O ther R&D item s will be priority w ork on v e r tic a l-s h o r t tak eo ff 
<\ STOIA aircraft and on advanced attack helicopters for the Army 
Battle tanks 

Besides the above principal items, the new budget steps up tank pro­ curem ent (including the new NMI b uttle tan k ) and an tita n k and a n ­ tia ir c r a f t m is s ile p r o c u r e m e n t. raises war-reserve stocks of weapons and am m unitions, and accum ulates needed re s e rv e s of key s tr a te g ic materials 

Outside Ult* defense midget, ut least technically, there is also an added item of $2.97 billion for nuclear wea­ pons provided by the E n e rg y R e­ search ami D evelopm ent A d m in is­ tration (ERDA). lf one strip s out the w arm a k tn g lusts ol Vietnam ami (he slight (two lier cent) growth til lust y ea r's d e ­ fense totals, this budget for fiscal 
197K represents the first significant growth in real (i c . iiomnftated) dol­ lars since fiscal 19X2 

Calling in quiet voice on 
Soviets 

WASHINGTON - Sometimes people start fussing out loud in 
Washington about U .S .-Soviet relations. 
When they do. it is always useful to call up the quiet voice of the most ex­ perienced and probably the wisest of our Soclet experts. 
He is G eorge F. K ennan, who is. asking your pardon, the seer who made 
Milwaukee famous. 
Kennan has been puzzling over the 
Soviet m ystery ever since he entered the U.S. Foreign Service just 5o years ago as our vice consul in H am burg. 
Germany, and is still going strong this m onth at the In stitu te of Advanced 
Study in Princeton on his 73rd birth­ day. 
Philosophical 
He is philosophical about the rising debate here in Washington between the people who think they can convert the 
Soviets to a respect for human rights and the people who want to persuade 
Moscow to help control the race in nu­ clear and other military weapons. 
He is for both, but believes in the wisdom of the whale, which is that you are most likely to get harpooned when you’re up on the surface spouting too much. 
He thinks i f s all right for the U.S. government to express the sympathy and pity of the American people for the freedom-fighters in the ll.S.S R. espe­ cially sin c e both M oscow and W a­ shington signed the Helsinki A gree­ ment on human rights. 
“ A certain amount of pressure on the 
Soviet Union is useful.” Kennan says. 
"too much can be self-defeating. There is a very fine line here, and I hope 
( arter doesn’t get pushed beyond Blat. 
It s like taking pills — good in m easure but dangerous iii excess." 
Suggestion 
In g e n e ra l. Kennan su g g e sts, e x ­ pressions of sympathy for the human rights of dissidents in the Communist countries com e b etter from private 
American organizations than they do from the Washington government. 
And even our newspaper correspon­ dents in Moscow have to be careful that they don’t get themselves a little bit out of th e ir depth, he suggests. 
Some of it is th e ir jo u rn alistic job, 
"but some of it is not.” 
Kennan, the Mr. X of the original 
Cold War debate, former am bassador to the Soviet Union, whose historical studies of the U.S.S H. have won the 
Pulitzer Prize, is also a form er head of tin* State D ep a rtm e n t’s Policy P lan ­ ning staff, and therefore thinks beyond the Soviet problem. 
‘M oralism’ 

"T his question of m oralism in for­ eign policy," in* notes, "a p p lie s not just to Russia and the other Eastern 
European countries. There is also a sim ilar situation with regard to south­ ern Africa. We all have sympathy for the blacks in those countries, but I worry about this.” 
What’s involved in southern Africa, he says, " is not m ajority rule. It is ruling in the nam e of a m ajority by self-appointed black dictators or oli­ garchs. We m ust be very, very careful about giving advice to people down there. We cannot tell. 
It may be too late, you see, for them to save them selves, the whites, with anything we advise them to do. And if you haven’t got the answers to peoples’ problems, you just can’t be too liberal with adv ice.” 
Paradox 

There is a most interesting paradox about this remarkable' man Kennan — sev eral p ara d o x es 
His c a re e r has ran g e d the e x tra o rd in a ry epoch of 
American history in this century from the beginning of our deepest and most selfish national isolation to our most generous and even reckless ex p e ri­ ments in international cooperation. 
He was the author and philosopher of the " c o n ta in m e n t” policy of Soviet power, but now counsels caution about 
" c o n fr o n ta tio n .” and su g g e sts the possibility of canny compromise if not reconciliation. 
"One of our problems overseas," he says. "is the kaleidoscopic procession 
‘►I faces that drifts across the field of activity. We don’t leave our am bassa­ dors long enough in foreign countries, really, for other people to get to know 
I hem, and these governments get a bit tw*wlittered and a bit suspicious when they’re co n stan tly confronted by new 
|H*o|)le." 
.Main thin)' 

I tie main thing, he* said, was to have a p e rm a n e n t se rv ic e of com petent people who would stay the course, and deal with the changes and problems and a m b ig u itie s of foreign pol lev bucked up by the State D epartm ent and tin* White House. 
President ( arter seem ed to under­ stand (Ins, Ambassador Kennan said, 
"a n d I think h e’s going to make un earnest effort to appoint qualified peo­ ple.” 
F o rtu n a te ly , th e re are so m e old thoughtful pros still around like Ken nun who have gone through all these diplomatic struggles be lore, and are now beyond personal ambition 
Kennan Is not alone 
David Bruce, Ellsworth Bunker and some of the younger professionals like 
Larry Eagieburger, are eager to help with the problems now fat ing the new 
P re sid en t, and fortunately, t arte r whenever he has time lo think almul ii im lies them tit, 

J i 

KNOWLTON’S 
OTTAGE 
HEESE 
SUM, SMALL OR LAROE CURD 
I 2-OZ. GTN............ 

AD EFFICTIVI THRU 
SAT., FIB. 12, 1977 
WK WKLCOMI FOOO STAMAS 
W I RISER VK THI I IOMI TO 
LIMIT QUANT IT III 

Host MOUM AM MM NI faunas* trow ooh ai • ni 
SO. I • IMI fMMKKJMM 
SO. I . I ll UMCISIAfl so ii mm v nose so. it - it* smaowat 
SO ll S l l R M i n 
OHM WSOAV IO A* IO I N I u a n irs* so rn qstvaa fin cion* mmoav 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 H Page I I-A 
Strength in grass roots 

 as the elitist) need to see where I’m cornin’ from. 
T h e r e ’s a new rise of young b la c k s , and they’re sick and tired of the way th e y ’ve been runnin’ this community. 
“ E verybody is hip to you scratch my back and 
1 11 scratch y o u rs,” the young m a n c o n tin u e s co n fid e n tly and t e n a ­ ciously from his spot across the table. 
“ Somebody might say. 

7 know who's punkin' dope in tho com m unity. I know who the prosti­ tutes are. I went tit school with sit me o f th em ' 

'Hey, th at’s the way the political system w orks.’ 
Well. m aybe t h a t’s the way they did it.’’ T. C. says. 
“ T h e p eo p le ( g r a s s ­ roots people) th in k all politicians are corrupt.’’ 
Do you? 
“ Do you?” he replies a n s w e rin g a q u es tio n with a question. That sort of approach isn t uncom­ mon with T C’. Ask him what motiviates him. and la te hi' w an ts to know what motivates the inter­ viewer. 
Ile n ev er sa y s what drives him, but a lot of people would, no doubt, like to know. Occasional ly — in an u n g u a rd e d m o m e n t — even City 
C o u n c ilm a n the Rev. 
C lau d e B lack w a tc h e s 
T C. c a re fu lly , if not cautiously. 
“ I don’t know whether 

 we m ake him nervous,” says T U “ I’m not run- 

1 1111’ for no office . . . he’s the elected official He’s got to listen to us.” 
At another point, T. o. says the young blacks are tired of m inister and m o rtic ia n elected leaders. 
But, he warns. “ Write that carefully. When you say that, they’re goin’ to think I’m taking a swipe at them. I’m not 
“ I worked closely with 
C .I (Hie late State Rep. and mortician G. .I Sut­ ton). I got a lot of ad\ ice from him 
“ One thing he always told me was to be the way 

I am. Some people don't like me cause I’m blunt, frank and to the point.” 
W hat ab o u t 
Rev 
Black? “ Veaah, lie s one of us — as far as I ’m concerned. I can go to his office and talk 
“ One thing you have to r e m e m b e r , ’’ 
C a lv e rt points out. “ T he black co m m u n ity is going to stick together." 
But, that doesn’t mean 
T C s sole support — po­ litically or professionally 
— lies in the black com ­ munity. He says he also h as b a c k in g from th e 
M exican- A m ericans and 
Anglos 
Besides being a music 

DOZEN CARTON 

HANDT ANDY U.S.D.A. GRADE "A ” 
LARGE 
EGGS 

SPIRITED T. C. Calvert talks about his politics. 

STAFF PHOTO BV CHARIES BARKSDALE 
GONZALEZ 

 continued to work as a practicing a t­ torney in Philadelphia, Gonzalez said this activity violated Rule II of the 
House th a t p ro h ib ite d p ro fessio n a l staff m em bers from engaging in any work other than com mittee business. 

“ The present situation is that the chief counsel and staff d ire c to r is attem pting to operate tilt' com m ittee without any control and, in fact, has sta te d to tile c o m m itte e sta ff th a t neither he nor they can be subject to the control of a member, either myself or any one of you,” Gonzalez said in the letter to the committee. 

Top prosecutor 

“ I know m any s u p p o rte rs of the com mittee look upon Sprague as a top p ro s e c u to r who ca n c ra c k th e se m u rd e r ca se s, but the tru th is. we cannot crack anything unless it is done in a responsible manner.” he said 

“ I intend to do w hat has to be done in a responsible m anner and the term in­ ation of Sprague is the first step in that direction.” he said. 

In a letter to House Speaker Thomas 
P. “ Tip” O’Neill, Gonzalez said he had no trust or confidence in Sprague be­ cause of the counsel’s recent actions. 

Gonzalez told O'Neill Sprague has m a d e fin a n c ial c o m m itm e n ts that c a n ’t be honored, that no o rg a n iz a ­ tional work has been done and that 
Sprague will accept no direction from the com mittee or lls chairman. 

Sprague ruffled feathers earlier all over C apitol Hill by le c tu r in g th e 
House Democratic caucus, staying in the limelight of the press and propos­ ing use of e s o te ric e q u ip m e n t like stress evaluators and hidden m icro ­ phones. 

He even surprised some com m ittee 

 m em bers by proposing a $13 million, two-vear budget. 
T h is h as been set a s id e and th e com m ittee allotted a m ere $84,ooo a month for expenses until the March I review. 
Gail Beagle, adm inistrative assis­ tant to Gonzalez, said even with such limited funds Sprague hired 23 addi­ tional staff m em bers last month with­ out advising or consulting with Gonza­ lez. 

Refused 

She told the Express when Sprague was told by Gonzalez he would have to i nt back Sprague refused. 

As she recalled it. Sprague “ left in a h u f f ’ and called a meeting of his 73 staff m em bers. “ He was critical and d e risiv e about Mr. G o n zalez,” she said. 

Meanwhile, as the Wednesday show­ down nears, Sprague rem ains on the payroll. 

And co n g ressm en are sp ecu latin g about the fate of the committee. Rep. 
John B. A nderson, ch a irm an of the 
House Republican Conference, said it is quite possible the com mittee w ill not survive the squabble. 

“ I think the very ineptitude of this performance will strengthen the hand of those who believe Congress should not proceed with the investigation,” 
Anderson said Friday. 

Anderson, a m em ber of the com m it­ tee, observed that the only solution to the impasse seemed to be that either 
Sprague or Gonzalez would have to go, although he did not indicate w hich course he favored. 
Anderson said that if Gonzalez were to be the one to go, he would have to be removed by House Speaker Thom as P. 
O’Neill Jr., who had named him to the c h a irm a n s h ip . He said he d o u b ted 
O’Neill would do that. 

There are people in the black c o m m u n ity who claim T. C. Calvert’s po­ litical star is rising too fast not to fizzle. 
They say the 
24-year-old black music promoter has a good hook on the g rassro o ts, but with the establishment — his grip is glassy. He's a m a v e ric k a m o n g the ranks of black minister- leaders. 
T. C. “ T o m m y ” Cal­ vert agrees his strength lies in the grass roots. “ I may not know w hat’s go­ ing on in M cA llister's office (form er Mayor W. 
W. McAllister) or iii the offices at Tesoro P etro­ leum .” 
“ I know w hat’s going on in the s tr e e ts .” he continues with defiance 
“ I know who’s pushin’ dope in the community. I know who the prostitutes are. I went to school with some of them .” 
Calvert’s inside track, however, extends beyond dope pushers and prosti­ tu te s . He w o rk s w ith 
COPS, ROBBED. VOICE and other neighborhood groups. 
Meetings 
You can see him at City 
C ouncil m e e tin g s , at 
Commissioner's Court — sometimes he’s speaking for a group of citizens, s o m e tim e s h e ’s ju st there. 
Go to political re c e p ­ tions and you’ll run into 
T C. — talking spiritedly, unwittingly stealing the show. 
T. C. was a delegate to the national D em ocratic 
Convention. 
Is it p o litic a l clo u t? 
P o p u la rity ? 
I t ’s not that,” he says. He won’t even say i t ’s p o litica l a s p ira tio n s . “ I t ’s just that I’m out there and a lot of people know m e.” 
Big man 
Minutes later in a mo­ m e n t of m o d e s ty , he says: “ They only notice me because Eve got a lot of hair on my head. I’m tall — I’m a big person.” 
That he is. More than 
2o(1 pounds fill out his m ore than (5-foot fram e. 
A full afro m akes a halt* around his face. 
He ad m its h e's in te r­ ested in politics and maybe a political office. 
But right now he likes to call himself an organizer and researcher. 
He immediately rebuts any c h a r g e s th a t h e ’s moving too fast — or. on the wrong course. 
“ Who w a n ts to be g ro o m ed on 
18oo thoughts? Not me That's not where my head is.” 
“ W hat I ’m s a y i n ’ is thev (he defines “ they” 

5 m ore 
Hie for council 

Five more City Council h o p efu ls filed F rid a y bringing the candidate total in the IO districts and mayoral race to 31. 
BIG SHOW 

Continued from Page I V graham was the star. 
Nine of the 14 breed champions from bidi the grand champion steer will 
? selected will be chosen in judging iturday starting at 8 a m. 
The breed champions to be selected iturday will be Hereford, B rahm an,’ ngus. Shorthorn. Charolais. Santa ertrudis. Red Angus, Polled Here- rds and Slmmentals 
Judging of the final five breeds in ie steer show will sta .t at 8 a m. londay. Dr. Bill Able, associate Pro­ sser. Department of Animal Science, ansus State University. Is scheduled i start selecting the grand champion tim the 14 breed champions at ll a.rn. londay. 
Saturday will be one of the big duys 
»r judging of the 28th annual San 
Ilion!© Livestock Show and Rodeo. 
Judging of breeding swine and Dur­ rs will start ut 8 a m. In the swine arn arena. 
Judges will go lo work in the Bran* us cattle open show ut 8 a m. in the attle barn arena. 

C ham pions in the Junior m a rk et lam b com petition will be selected 
Saturday, starting at 8 a m . in the sheep arena. 

Judging in the ready-to-cook poultry contest will start at 9 3o a.m. Cham ­ pion broilers and turkeys will be se­ lected. 

Champion carcasses in the quality pork, lamb and beef contests will go on display at IO a.m . Saturday in the 
Family Center. 
In the horse arena, the judges will review Q u arter Horse perfo rm an ce classes, starting at 8 a.m. 
Three sales are scheduled for Satur­ day. A Q uarter Horse sale will start at 
2 p ill. iii the horse arena, an all-breeds swine sale ut the sam e time at the swine arena and a Brangus sale ut 2:3o p.m. at the sales barn. 
Saturday will be Rural Youth Day and Press. Radio and Television Duy. 
Friday night the Kiwanis honored 4o outstanding young people of Texas at an awards banquet at the St. Anthony 
Hotel. 
CARTER-MIAs 

Continued from Page I X m em bership iii the United Nations was vetired by th e U nited S tate s on the grounds that the Hanoi g overnm ent had refused to give a satisfactory ac­ counting and was attem pting to “ play upon the deep anguish and the uncer­ tainty of the families of these men iii order to obtain economic and political advantage.” 
The V ietnam ese called the veto a m aneuver, insisting they were doing its best to cooperate in accounting for m issing A m ericans and called upon the United States to fulfil its commit- menu under the 1973 Parts eease-fire agreement, to assist V ietnam in r e ­ construction 
A special House committee conclud­ ed in December, alter a lengthy study, 

 that no A m e ric a n s w ere still im p ­ risoned in Vietnam. 
Moreover, the com m ittee reported that there was no evidence that any of the missing were still alive. 
Despite its veto at the United Nations 
— it had vetoed s e p a r a te bids for mem bership by South and North Viet­ nam in 1973 before the country was united — the United States did not ac­ tively oppose a $35 m illion loan lo 
Vietnam by the International Monetary 
Fund last m onth or a m o re recen t study by the World Bank of V ietnam ’s economic needs 
As a ca n d id a te. C a rte r often p ro ­ mised to deal directly with the Vietna­ m ese on the question of the missing and spoke frequently of eventually es­ tablishing diplomatic relations. 

District 5 on the near 
South Side drew its first two candidates in Manuel 
“ Tony” Rodriguez. 29. a fe d e ra l civ il s e rv ic e w orker at Kelly AFB. and 45-year-old Douglas 
Ozuna, assistant foreman fur the B e x a r County 
Road Department. 

Insurance m an Jesse 
R. Diaz, 33. filed in Dis­ trict 8 on the Southwest 
Side 
His c a m p a ig n treasurer is Joe L. De 
Los Santos. 

D istric t 
4 drew 
39-year-old F rank Wing, a Kelly AFB civil service worker. Wing s treasurer is Frank Tejeda. 

District 2 on the East 
Side drew 44-year-old 
George R 
N orm an, re­ tired m ilitary and full­ time student now al the 
U niversity of Texas at 
San Antonio. 

Church gay ban asked 

GALVESTON (AP) - 
The bishop of the Episco pal Diocese of Texas has asked the church to stop the ordination of homo­ sexuals. 

In making tile request 
Thursday night, the RI. 
Rev. J. Milton R ichard­ son objected to the recent ordination of an avowed lesbian to the priest hood in New York 

In a speech opening ihe an n u al m e e tin g of the diocesan council, the bt- shop said the Episcopal church needs lo bo pro­ tected * against such or­ dination* '' 

 prom ote an ad v ertisin g h e ’s s a le s m a n for KF- 
DA-Radio. “ I’m tin' first blac k dude to work tor a 
Mexican radio station in the state.” he says. “ You can check it out ” 
Dug ditches 
“ I’ve neon in real e s ­ ta te 
I ’ve been in th e music business. I've done a lot of th in g s , you know,’’ lie adds as an af­ terthought. 
“ I ’ve d u g d itc h e s . 
W hen I w as in ju n io r school, they had ail these p r o g r a m s — an d hey, man. I participated in all that stuff.” 
In his own way. T U.'s rem inding you he’s done a lot in 24 years “ I come from a very poor — you know. I don’t come from a w ealth y f a m i ly ,” he says. 
“ I feel like' I have no way to go but up.” 

HANDY ANDY LEMON 
MERINGUE 
PIE 

8-INCH SIZE 

WASHINGTON U.S. NO. I 
DELICIOUS 
APPLES 

RID OR GOLDIN, OR WINKS*? 
EXTRA FANCY 
SIZE 113......................... 

6 PACK 

REGULAR OR DIET 
7-UP (LITKR BTL.) OR 
PEPSI (32-OZ. BTL.) 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 

H alev's m/ son 

Sgt. William Alexander 
Haley, son of author 
A lexand er 
H a le y , teaches American his­ tory as the Race Rela­ tions Officer at Ft. Dix, 
N J . — AP Wirephoto 

■ et v 

HHVo rn rn i H 
P r 

Councilm en rap CWB actions 

Open house set at La Villita 

Rediscover historic Lu Villita during its Open House Festival sponsored by the nailery and shop owners Saturday through Monday. 
The Open House, from lh a .iii until 
Kl p.m. each day. will recall the ori­ ginal intent of tin* restoration of the historic little village by the San An­ tonio River. 
A 1939 city ordinance called attention to the com m unity's founding in the early years of the settlement of San 
Antonio. 
The ordinance referred to the res­ toration as exemplifying “ peace and freedom and the friendship and .justice that exists between the United States 

 and the nations of the Western Hem is­ phere." 
It also dedicated the area to the training of artisans and craftsm en whose creations were to be sold there. 
Kacli of the sponsoring shops and galleries will have special displays and artisl-in-action demonstrations during the festival. 

The Six Flags of Texas and ceram ic plagues, on the walls of the Cos House patio, telling the history of the city will be on display . 

Opening ceremonies for the weekend activities are at 111 a.in. Saturday at 
Plaza Nueva. 

B y D A V I!) H E N D R IC K S 
Two city councilm en sharply criticized the C i­ ty W ater Board Frid ay for failing to implement a council ban on use of the C om m u n ity W a te r 
Development Fund out­ side city limits. 
The policy change was ordered last July but in the last two months C W B trustees have approved use of C W D F money to extend w ater m ains to two o u tlyin g subdi- v isions. 
Mayor Pro Tem Henry 
Cisneros outlined steps he wants council to take in getting the policy ac­ cepted Councilman (Hen 
Hartman, iii a memo to 
C ity 
M g r 
T h o m a s llu eb n er. agreed w ith 
Cisneros. 
Want meeting 
C isn ero s has asked 
M ayo r Kila C o ckrell to arrange an informal ses­ sion between council and 
C W B trustees to discuss the policy. 
The mayor pro tem al­ so wants an opinion from 
(Tty Atty Jim Parker on council’s authority to de­ term ine water extension policy and a list of op­ tions should the prior po­ lic y be co n tin u ed , in ­ cluding city legal action 

2 SOO BROADWAY 
121B S.W . MILITARY OR. 
SPECIAL PURCHASE— Clocks A Radios 
DIGITAL ALARM 

 fefg. tot. $18.oo 
§o99 

WMH* TM Y LAST 
176-o1o T44o 
I ow ns DW ! Al MAWR CIOCX, lory* lights tad-typo nu mo rob ort m y to co* in an y light 

24 how (farm system, wfch MI and PM mocking, aw ho tot of LO minute two** Hidkotof Whrtpor-qwtt oporriM. Modern brown raw with Meric/sdvef outline front. 
High impact styrene. 2-3/4x77/7x4*. 12oV. AO Hi. a* 

L.E.D. 
ALARM foeti 
/ o 
- * U Ll 

Sow . (•*. 1IS.5o 
13OO 

AM/FM 
CLOCK 
RADIO 

1 7 6 -o 1 3 moo 

 m% SOUD STAT! BKTtONK ALARM OMX. Long life, completely sAent operation Computer-type 7/1o LED deploy Electronic 24 hour (beep tone) ahem memory lighted edam* sot'' end PM todkators. fest” end 
‘slew" scoonwg controls and ' seconds sot” for accurate time setting. Touch 
’n Drowse repeat (dorm Simulated wood walnut-premed finished high impact styrene cabinet. 2 5/9x4-3/ox3”. 

1 7 6 -o 1 4 
R -6 5 o 
12.o8 

WMH! THEY LAST 

 m / m sour SIAU d w t a i a o a ram o. r w t - m - w 

 oral Woke to mow or oburn Mg iRommatod loaf type numerals flip eratguMffy 24-hoar derm system, with All end PM markings cm be sot et IO-minute intern*, (edusira fogor*, tuning system EM external en 

 brawn mid smMotod wood eMmii gram finished high impact styrene cohieet. 3- 1/1x1o- 1/ox5 3/4’ . 129V, AO Hi 
* 
99 

1 7 6 -o 1 6 ll- 1 1OO 
LED AM/FM 
CLOCK RADIO 

1o6% SOUD H AU M a so n ic aoa awd FMU-FtATVRf NR/AJB 
RAMO. Computer type o/1o IEO Deploy Sake to m c , deep lo maMc wake ie mwuc Fart/Slew i nnntne contrail "nrindi let" Mr 
11 * pow — ■ v wei. rn na rwwrmw irar* HPI wwf| ttraaui 
T i lo# 
,mt rn em- ira nut 
A j .. |M 
... _ ......ai fffWw up 
IHWifsf wWff popWR!MP8 f®o off Sp* pfPOHKi 
| i 'frf-fb M I na J H i IT iii' ilSttiikrt fir in m i fuji m il ii w rn 
WWWW* wTiPw* RRPlMv *1#11§PSb $PoC. 

 hook high impact sryrone odtwet 3x16 i/»xl". 12oV, Oh Hi 

 b n . im 
. S M M 
27 99 

WHILE THET LASTI 

 against C W B. 
“ The effect of council's o b jectives would be to take the city out of the b u siness of d o lin g out public funds to enhance the profit picture of de­ velo p m en ts s p ra w lin g outside city lim its,” Cis­ neros said. 
Were assured 
Ile added that a fte r council took its action in 
Ju ly , C W B C h a irm a n 
Jo h n S ch a efe r assured council members the po­ licy would be adopted. 
C W B ’s attitude makes the city’s planning effort difficult. Hartman said. 
“ It makes little- sense for the P la n n in g C om ­ mission and the Planning 
D e p artm en t to spend weeks and months deve­ loping a (Tty M aster Plan if tlit* City W ater Board gets by with thumbing its nose at <Tty Council." he said 
In a report last year. 
C W B den. M gr 
Robert 
V an 
D yke told 
C W B trustees they are respon­ sible for setting rules and policies, not council. 
C o u n cil sets w a te r rates w Ullin city lim its. lie added 
Discriminates 
C W B atto rn ey Jo h n 
Saw telle has told C W B trustees lim itin g use of 
( W D C within city lim its is discrim inatory. 
C n d e r the 
C W D F , subdiv isions are allowed front money to extend water mains based on the num ber of planned lots and customers. 
T he C W D F is e v e n ­ tually paid hack by the d evelo p er through the price of the home. 
In 
Ja n u a r y . 
C W B trustees approved use of 

$28,ooo in CWDF’ funds to extend a 12-inch main 
1.375 feet to Western 
Hills, a subdivision to be located north of the 
University of Texas at 

Sun Antonio. 
Last week, trustees ap­ prove use of $121,ooo in 
CWDF funds to extend a 
12-inch main 5,94o feet to a Ray Elusion Industries 

 subdivision, to be located on Thousand Oaks Drive between Wetmore and 
Jones 
- 
Maltsberger 
Both subdivisions are located north of city li­ 

 mits but within the CWB service area, which has been approved by City 
Council and the Texas 
Public Utility Commis­ sion. 

.......................................... 
CLARKS CASUALS 

SAVE FROM 
$13 TO $15 
AT PIX! 

2 GREAT STYLES! 

BUSH 

MOST POPULAR SIZES! 
SAVE FROM 
$12 TO $18 
AT PIX! 

NEW 
SPRING GROUP 
Af 

SATURDAY 1o-9 & MONDAY 

73oo SAN PEDRO 
694 Lw! mIuTaRY DR. 

(SHOPPERS CITY MALL ACROSS FROM SEARS) 

"% rn s h o e s t o r e s 

(2 BUS SOUTH Of M W. LOOF 41o) 

349 -66 3 4 
9 2 3 -9 8 3 7 
KMOWIIM IFMMMMISSr 

LH A 
Bassett® Table Sale! 
Save $3o.o7 on any table on this page 

Traditional elegance 

Italian classic design with pecan finish on pecan veneers, selected hardwoods and burl engraved wood products plus, brass finished hardware accents. 

A. Oval Book Drum Table, 29x22x21 VV’ 

B. Round Lamp Table, 25x25x23” 

C. Oval Cocktail Table, 55x24x15” 
SA­ 
VOUR 
CHOICE 

Reg. $169.95 ea. 

Modern magnificence 
HID 

D. Solo Table, 54'/ixl 6x26" 

Modem campaign rtyling 
-nth p .ca n hm,h on « l.c t .d 
£ E n d T<jb| 
2 8 '/»x 2 3 '/ j x 2 I ” hardwoods and wood products with beveled solar bronze glass inserts and brass finished hardware. 
F. Cocktail Table, 5 8 ,/2x 2 6 Vr2X I 4 W ’ 

Delivery and set-up at no extra charge within delivery area 

Our Own Convenient Credit plus Master Charge* and BankAmericard" 

K 

Broadway 
RUO) B road. 
•24 94o2 

D o w n to w n 
ISI I. Commerce 
227-4341 
Opm IM Im , Hew* . bi 
Opm 144 Am 

 li| 44 City 
North Star t. New Brewntelc 4 tm td n I Imp 411 
I U hHm.cm S34-4181 • 
342-2331 
Opm IM Am, fieri, W. 
Opm 14-9 Am, Tfcwi, In 
•cup* txw« Mm mb I UC 
Opec IM Im*. Wed. let 
Opm IM »mt WW. Id 

San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S— 
Saturday February 12 1977 

 n r a r e il SATURDAY SIZZLER 
Save 5o% 

TO ENJOY WHAT YOU NEED NOW—FOR YOURSELF, YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR, COME APPLY FOR A WARDS CH ARG ALL ACCOUNT. 
Big value? It’s a sure thing. 
/VIONTCiO/l/IERY im aii 

SIMILAR TO 
STYLES SHOWN 

Catalog overstock bedspreads 

Quilted, print, velvet, woven or chenille. Colors galore to suit your taste and decor. Most machine wash and dry, need no ironing. 
TO 
REGULARLY 14.99-59.99 

TWIN, FULL, QUEEN 
AND KING SIZES 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until IO p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open 19 a.m. until IO p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southerns* 
Open IO a.m* until IO p.m. daily 

Pipe Creekers will tell you Pipe Creek is neither a town nor an area — it is a state o f mind 

There are a number o f old-time fam ilies here and some retired people. But 75 per cent are young m arrieds “ 
Delightful flavor o f Pipe Creek 

The “ city** of Pipe Creek takes delight in its smallness. 
Tile unofficial mayor of the town — it is not incorporated — has this slogan on his business cards: 
“ A tow ii so small that the city limit signs are on one post.” buzzing along State Hwy. IH between 

San Antonio and Bandera, you might be distracted for a moment and un­ wittingly pass through "dow ntow n 
Pipe Creek.” 
But if von did you would miss a town with a delightful flavor with few d u ­ plicates. 
For exam ple — as Bonnie and I 

All Hill Country creeks are beautiful. But none is more so than the one from which the community of Pipe Creek gets its name. The fishermen are Derrick, left, and Perrin Berg. W hen not fishing they are taking care of their 
Holstein that was grand champion dairy heifer at the I 9 7 6 Bandera Junior Livestock Show. Derrick and 
Derrin’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Norm an Berg. 

 found out on a day spent in Pipe (re e k last weekend — there is a man who has hens that lay big eggs with either a blue or a green shell. This is thanks to the introduction into his flock of two roosters from Chile. 
Another man has raised a wild Kus- sian boar from a baby pig. He has crossed this wild boar with regular sows. From the meat of this cross-bred offspring hi' m akes some of the best sausage you ever tasted. 
The grocery takes great delight in kidding its customers — such signs as. 
"We gyp every third custom er and pass the savings on to you.” It sells old-fashioned sorghum molasses such as that made in East Texas or the Deep 
South Btl years ago. 
Elephant 
And — oh yes — Pipe Creek is the place where it was not too unusual a number of years ago to see an elephant plowing. On a trip to B andera once 
Bonnie saw the elephant at work. 
Then Pipe Creek today is the home ot a man who has a m ajor hand each year in the program for the biggest annual event in nation — the Superbowl. 
But most historic is the story of Pol­ ly's Peak — Polly’s Church — Polly’s 
Fort — Polly's School — and Polly's 
Cemetery. 
All are part of the story of one of the most colorful men who ever lived iii 
Texas — Polk a rpo Rodriguez. 
Pipe Creek is actually not a town but an area. 
Iii the area are three of the prettiest 
.creeks you ever saw — pretty even i i i a land famed for its beautiful stream s — the Hill Country. 
T hey a re Red Bluff C re e k . P ip e 
Creek and Privilege Creek. 
And just down the road is one of tin prettiest stretches of the Medina River 
— with its great cypress trees and its rapids. 
But other Pipe Creekers will tell you 
Pipe ( reek is neither a town nor an area —it is a state of mind 
‘‘The thing I like about Pipe Creek is its nonchalance, its ‘no big deal' atti- 

“ Happiness is 
— one parking meter per county.” So says E. C. 
Jennings, Pipe Creek’s grocery tycoon. And this meter has nothing to do with parking. M oney put into it goes to the volunteer fire depart­ ment. "W e get almost enough from it to pay for the gasoline for our lime-yellow fire truck/' says Chief Phil Martin. 

 tilde.” said one of the' many people who live at Pipe Creek and work i i i Sun 
Antonio. 
Our know lodgeable guide on our v isit to P ip e C ree k w as Col. C h a rle s 
Densford. retired from the Air Force 
He is a graduate of West Point and of the first class at Randolph Field iii 
1931. 
He and Mrs. D ensford, who has a real estate business there, have been living in Pipe Creek since 1959. Mrs 
P en sio n es family has long been active 

 i i i Texas and no rth ern Mexico. Her father designed Olmos Dam and the high bridge over the Pecos River — at one time the highest railroad bridge 

 i i i the nation 
San Antonians know Col. Densford through his letters to the editor Later 
Bonnie photographed him in his big, book-lined library where he and his secretary turn out " T h e Root of the 
M atter,” a com m ent on national a f­ fa irs p u b lis h e d by a n u m b e r of 

IH I? 
Mmtm 

 klhiqMMfkw -tm '* ***** • 

 a b c I N T E R S T A T E 7/fraS'tSJ 

BROADWAY 
MMMOMIUT Ut SIH 
| 
‘...N o th in g less th an th e m ost exhilarating en tertain m en t of th e film y ear to d a te ” ta r n Co-hv NPM/ VORK TIMES 
1:3o 

3:3o 

5:35 

7:35 

9:4o 

THE SEVEN- 
PER-CENT y SOLUTION from the el Il*« Se i ntl Hmm! 

A UNIVERSAL RELEASE 
TtCHNICOlOR* 

Poge 
2-B 
Son Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday February 12 1 9 7 7 
Sculpture has beauty, quality 

By ROBERT TIEMANN 
CORPUS CHRISTI - 
Through March f>, the Art 
Museum of South Texas. 
Corpus Christi, is d is­ playing an exhibition of sculpture of exceptional beauty and quality by 
Donald Judd. 

There has not been an exhibit of this im p o r­ tance in San Antonio in some time, and it is well worth the trip to Corpus 
Christi to see the show. 
The installation was arranged by .Todd him ­ 

 self and is located in the upstairs gallery, w hich is probably one of the most beautiful exhibition spaces anywhere. 
The five industrially fab ricated sc u lp tu re s dam from 19f>8 to 1975. 

EXPRESS NEWS AOS 225-1444 
/ g 
3274211 g DOWNTOWN 
I ST MARYS* 
V 

75T?7 
W W F » K M i DAY! 
ACROSS STREET 
S A T /SUN WKKDAYS 
AFTER 5 3o P M 
ALAMO SANK 
I— 
GARAGE 

IJ S TIU 2:oo P.M. 'PLAYMATES" 11:oo-2:1o-5:2o-8:3o 
PARTY 57" 12:2o-3.35-^ 5o-1o:oo 
Si 

Bobby socks Hickeys Pony Vats 
N eckin g arri all me rest of ttie'innocent" 5CYs 
Slumber 
Party'5%, 

“ TMI YOUNG 
PLAY M A TIS' 

PwatunnQ rn* Min* et the b la tti««, ..itwry i tt if 
HAYTI page Tnt PMG eO»*i« CPtWCUtft Tnt DANI ti ML 
CXNAh WAV*NOTO* HACH **o f'Aui A urvj MOK! 
A IA M*o* b*Ou* st N 'A* ‘ON SA a cm® 
NO BAR. MAT. OR 
PASSES 

 incredible realism of 

NEW 

'3 E $ 

The Sensational NEW 
Third Dimensional Film 
Process you have been reading about. 
R 

The most gruesome 

11:3o-1:15-3:oo-4:45 
6:3o-8:15-1o:oo outrageously epic ever/' 
Bruce Williamson. 
P la y b o y 

 flndv Ularhols 

T r a n k e m f c i t t 

I OF 76 MOST TALKED ABOUT CLASSIC 
PIECES OF QUALITY ADULT FILMS 
NOW... TOGETHER EXCLUSIVELY!! 

YOU’VE READ ABOUT HER...TALKEO ABOUT HER 
NOW SEE HERI 

An adult motion picture 
_ _ . 
, c 
— to d e e n j o y e d . 
“M isty 
\ 
By men. By women. 
Beethoven’ 

There’s only one place for rassling ropin’, racist', and ridin’ in San Antonio. 

Torii In g ra h a m 
Feb ll.1 2 . And 13 
Lalo G onzales 
Feb 14. 15. lb and 17 

M yron F lo ren 
Feb. 18. 19. and 2o an d A n acan i 
Feb 18, IM, And 2o 
Special Guest Stars 

 t i 
Mickey Gilley 
Feb 14,15 And lb 
K aren W heeler 
Feb 17 

Attend The 21th Annuel Sen Antonio 
S H O W 
ODEO 
JOI FREEMAN COLISEUM FfRftuARV 11 2o 1o77 

 fo r ticket in fo rm a tio n CAU t i s 42 17 

 ry W#«d Xe#r%. A*ll:*»>n » VYrvtrm Wear Im* h trm . 
Met mr** V4«urU4> m d >unU4v F*b 12 A Ii Abd I 
SIAW I P M 
(Al Merit:*** 2 I'M FrwJ*v F*b l l IO A M NMuiUav frb 
Night Mum** Fab ll 2o «t ’ kl P M 
TW IaI M M U ML W M * Meter**J IMA on* Hmm* I IO 54 NI Oak un y Ku 
BaA u«» Motet IS IO 12 <1o rru v tM H lw lrtA i. Adm .tti.m 
> 
14 $1 

G E N E R A L C IN E M A T H E A T R E S 

 t N ^ R T H S T A R j V E R Y P A Y T IL I 3 o P M .- 5 1 S O 
[BONNIE 
AND 
CLYDE, 
THEY 
Ann: 
"FUN WTT] 
DKK&JA 
EXCLUSIVE 

1 2 - 2 - 4 - 6 - 8 - 1 o 

I 
XHE 
12:2o-2:45 I 
CASSANDRA 
5:oo-7:2o 
| CROSSING R 
9:4° 
| 

" T H I K A I) M W A 
12:15-2:1o 

4:o5-6:oo 
7:55-9:5o 

St bes rn 

11:3o-3:4o-7:5o 

THE OUTLAW 
JOSEY WALES 

1: 1 5 -5 :2 5 -9 :3 5 ( P O ) 

I M C C R E L E S S $ 1 . o o A L L S H O W S A T A I L T I M E S I 
W " — 
-...■meTN11.lir„.ll..i.ii.M nm ........— 1 

Review 

While this is not a retro­ spective, it does offer a fair representation of his works. Judd’s materials include stainless steel, aluminum, colored plex- iglass and plywood. 

; C H E S S 

\ u 
N 
I 
T 
I 
O 
A R T I S T * T H ■ A T Pl « 
MAHY HOU* DARY UNUM SO 
TWIllWTVMUMAn*! 25 
J 

MATURtT ISS I 
: v 'In, 
HJJ ll—I 
4:25-7:o5-4:35 J 

Dick V an D yke in 
VYALT DI BM CY 
NEVER A DULL 
MOMENT* mi w»n3 _ 
/«»«.... 
"■Thnrt Gtaflwfc 

9:19 

NOMINATED 
FOR TWO 
ACADEMY 
AWARDS 
Dnlinl • KrittoH*r»an 
J TWILIGHT’S 

STAR's BORNS g le a m in g k tm m m m m JLm m m m m m m m m tW4L 

5TH WEEK or LAUGHTER 

$ i| 

J “ CAR W A S H ” . . . t W here betw een 
J the Flour* of 9 and S j anything can 
| Happen . . . and f usually doasl 

^ 
PG 

FEATURES 
1:25-3i23-S:2S-7:25-9:2S 

IRA 
CROSSING 

T h e fe a r 

 la s p re a d in g ! J > 

•■zitai 
M tPM IA U H L E * 
RU M AKO MARKI!. 
M A R TIN IM I.L N l l J SIM PK IN 
I M IN H VT A M U R 
ANN TI R R M 

IN4.R IU T M I U N 

I I I STR ASH! K l. 
.I M RT L A M A M I.H . n». »t -.rn _ AV A I. A R U M K» st. ■ ** 

TH I I A NSI NOHA ( MOUM NI, 
NIM rn Nit * man rautr t*. 
Ai JOA VAI I I 

As one expecting the boring blandness of min­ imal art. I was surprised to see color, space and illusion. For exam ple, one piece consists of nine evenly spaced, eye-level open boxes with th eir back su rfaces painted bright cadmium red. The 

 color is reflected around 
Judd has freed seulp- the interior of the stain- ture from its understood less steel box and gives boundaries and enriched the illusion of a box filled the \ iewer’s experience- with color. 
_______________________ 

BYE BYE 

SAN ANTONIO, 

POSITIVELY MUST GO 

NEXT WEEK— 

' ROCKY" IS ON HIS 

WAY!! (EXCLUSIVE 

AT THE 

NEW LAUREL ! 
/ 

 y 

Pf TER SELLERS. 
"THE PINK 
PANTHER STRIKES 
AGAIN" ss 

SAT SUN 
124o-2:oo 
4:oo4:oo 
(84o-1o:oo PM 

Perrin -1: Westwood Z 
Twin -I: 
Twin • 

Consider the possibilities 

WALTER 
MATTHAU 
TATUM 
O’NEAL 

 hi ( amount Pklutes Presents 
A STANLEY R .IAFTE PRODUCTION 
A M ICH AEL RITCHIE U LM 
"THE BAD NEWS 

1-3-5-7-9 (PG) 

JOHN WAYNE 
LAUREN BACALL* 

RON HOWARD 
JAMIS STEWART 
RICHARD BOONE 

THE CAST Of THE 
DECADE! 
THE WESTERN 
ADVENTURE Of A 
LIFETIME! 

IN A S H O U M LM 
44 

(PG) 
THE SHOOTIST” 

Westwood Z 
Twin 
■ 
413o NACO-Pf KRIM P423 t W M.li**,, 
*56 3-154 • 
674-1371 

 rn 

< r , 
V 
' 

DON T GET 
CAUGHT 
MISSING 
OUR 
OLD 
FASHIONED 

» ft RHI MUfcMBAt mu I J f »4ff ^ 
I 
.CAULI* fU A T I 

ALL 
YOU 
CAN 
EAT! 

$2.95 

GOLDEN FRIED 
FISH FILLETS 

Filets of fish, deep-fried to a 

 golden tan, plus cream cole 

 slaw and crispy French fries. 

SERVED SUNDAY ll a.m. • IO p.m. 

SSS biti. 

DICK VAN DYKE EDMRO G. ROBINSON 
BOROWY PROVINE 
= G 
HENRY SILVA JOANNA MOORE 
TONY BILL SLIM PIC KE. NS 
.... .* ■ AROiHLir "Tit 
..WINWIIIR 
TICMiOOUM. 

. i K x y m 
In featurette torm 
DONALD OUCK • JOSE CARIOCA and RANCHITO Technicolor' ic AA. • 
I 

NORTHWEST SIX 
UA MOVIES 4 
•TRVW" I:IS-44o-4:4o-9:4o 
MCVU” 124o-8.4o-5:3o-14o 
CAOAliBtOT 124o4:1o-5:5o-o:35 “ CABAUBKK” 245-445-745-o:35 

7 o A C A D E M Y 

A W A R D 

N O M IN A T IO N S ! 

 including 

BEST PICTURE 
BEST A C T O R - 
W illia m H o ld e n 
P a te r Fin ch 
BEST ACTRESS - Faym D u n a w a y 

"THE BEST THING I VE SEEN 
SINCE CITIZEN KANE’! 
IT HAS OSCAR WRITTEN 
ALL OVER IT!’’ 
Rom: Barrett. A B C -T V 
G oo d M orning Am erica 

Mrrmo-GOUJWYXMm* i«.n. 
FAYE 
WILLIAM PETER ROBERT 
DUNAWAY HOLDEN FINCH DUVALL 
NETWORK 

 o«OT<t-siDKrrufMrr b^m^^RBvautiMTmun 
M MtmcnK* Mt-noa)j» 

R d N I I I l f 
S i 
IOU I N 
N J 
I W MM Dr al IM Ii |g 134-411 

 yUMI*44rtMM 
■ | 
M«N> TWO 4’Mf 5 a uifwgysaa? 
SAT. A SUN. 1:154:15 

 i < - e c 2 n a a o E 
^ 
D 
I 
IMI 

1 : 1 5 - 3 : 2 o - 5 : 2 5 

7 :3 o - 9 t 3 5 
I 2 :3 o - 2 (4 3 - 5 : o o 

T i 1 3 - 9 : 3 o 

The Best 
J1 
Entertainment ^ 
Picture 
# 
Of 1917 t- 

TmsEssnnsm? 
■< -I mi m i i i CMO unuimoi 
^ 
JL2lL9 u£. 
*” ?fllH CtXIUNy I 

RAI. MAT. ROTH THIATIIS 

N O M I F4 S T A N 
9 4 3 -9 8 o 4 

 ll . « o I U I .M - 
7,4 8 -1o*1o 

CUNT EASTWOOD IS DIRTY HARRY 

THE ENFORCER 

I OU 4 JO-F.OU * nu 

 rox^ ^ .3 1 
........ 1-- Htimm— M 

11:45-2:23-4:2o 
* o o o:oo o 45 

 i l l , 
E J 
I O ! I M 
™ 
IN MM»> a w n U 
*54 AIU 
4-6-8-1o 

S y m p h o n y g o a l: $ 5 o o , o o o 

A goal of $5oo,ooo has boon set for the San An­ tonio Sym phony’s 1977 annual fund campaign. 
“ The need to reach our goal is made even more imperative this year* be­ cause of the availability of National Endowment for the Arts m atching funds which could pro­ vide us with $1 for every 
$3 in new or increased 

 support.” said 
Hugh 
Foster, cam paign vice chairman. 

The fund campaign is one of the most impor­ tant sources of income for the symphony, said campaign Chairman W il­ liam McCrae. 
McCrae said that ticket sales, special p erfo r­ mance fees and program 

 advertising account for only one -third of a year’s budget. Endowment and state and federal grants add another third. The balance must come from the annual fund cam ­ paign and auxiliary or­ ganizations’ projects. 
The campaign goal this year is an increase of more than $1oo,ooo over funds received during the 
Music program Sunday 

1976 campaign. 
Other members of the fund d rive com m ittee include David Kocurek. board solicitation; R o ­ bert Seal, major gifts; 
George Shaw, business; 
Dr. Horatio Aldredge and 
Mrs. Stanley Crawford, professional; M rs. F . 
Daniel Foley, individual gifts, and 
M rs. Jo e l 
Westbrook and Mrs. John 
Cook, women’s division. 

Son Antonio E X P R ES S-N EW S— Soturdoy February 12 1 9 7 7 

Nostalgia to feature show 

W IL L IA M M C C R A E 
. . . heads fund drive. 

C elebrating the one- year anniversary of P a ­ seo del 
H io ’s 
R iv e r 
Square, a nostalgia- themed fashion show will bo staged Saturday at the 
Calico Cat Tea Room. 
Beginning at ll a.m., fashions from the 193os will be featured during the brunch and choreo­ graphed fashion show 

Rio ramblings 

Austin pianist, Spencer 
Brewer, will accompany the models with original music. 

Yvonne Woods, owner of the Calico Cat. will 

 serve fresh chilled straw b erry soup and heart-shaped finger sandwiches to the 9o guests 

Rn cr Square is an arts 

 aud crafts marketplace located at 
4o3 
Com­ merce. 
★ ★ ★ 

Park Rangers, official tabulators of the River 
Walk visitor count, esti­ mate that more than 
14o,ooo people attended tin1 Great Country River 
Festival last woffend. 

The San Antonio Music man texts by Herm an 
T e a ch e r’s Association Hesse. w ill present a piano, voice and oboe program at 3 p.m. Sunday at San 
Antonio Music Co. 

Jo h n 
M oore, piano teacher at St. M a ry ’s 
University, will play the music of Gerard Jaffe, chairman of the music department at Incarnate 
Word College. 

Soprano F lic k a W il­ more, a graduate assis­ tant at Southwest Texas 
State College, will sing a group of songs with Ger- 

'H orn’ cast is selected 

Je rry Pollock, artistic director of Theater San 
Antonio, has selected a cast for “ Come Blow 
Your Horn,’’ which will open Feb. 24. 
The part of Buddy, a 
21-year-old tryin g to break away from his parents, will be played by Thom Heinrichs. His brother, a swinger, will be played by Ed Debiee. 
Mark Pomerantz and 
M ary Byall have been selected to play the par­ ents. Deliria Cisneros, 
Mary Beth Swofford and 
Katie Otten are also cast in the play. 

I MNI* IWIKllIt I IU* 
TWILIGHT S LAST GII AWING 

»% * i .ii 
1 -.i in., o d 
R vc 
. 
FOX 11:3o-2:oo 
4:oo-7:oo-9:3o 
UA CINE CINCO 
UA MOVIES 4 
1:oo-3:45-6:3o-9:15 

1o “ l SED IT IO N S 
GREAT FAMILY SHOW! 

D avid H erb ert, who 

 teaches oboe at U TS A, will play “ Overture to a 
Comedy.” 

MISS FIESTA 
CONTEST OPEN TO ALL SAN ANTONIO 
COEDS AND HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS 
Sign Entry Stank* at Fastivcl San Jacinto A**'n. Offkt at 319 Majestic 
I Mg. Weekday* between 9:oo a.m. A 5:oo p.m. thru February 22. 
ACT NOW - Number of Candidates is limited! 

OPEN l l AM-3 AM 
Paris-Rubb 
2854 Hunter's Green 
(Off of N.V. Military Hwy .-Outride City limit?* 
^92-2994 
IO Shaplev B eautiful G ir l*— Peel B atter Faut 

I* J e t 

THERE MUST 
FOREVER DEA 
GUARDIAN AT THE 
I 
GATE FROM HELL.. 

CHRIS SARANDON • CHRISTINA RAINES 
MARTIN BALSAM e JOHN CARRADINE e JOSE FERRAR 
AVA GARDNER e BURGESS MEREDITH e SYLVIA MILES 
DOOHAN RAFFIN e 
EU WALLACH 
R RESTRICTION] 

NORTHWEST SIX m w sou™ 
12:oo-2:o644o 
6:oo-o4o-1o4o 
124o-24o44o 
64o-146-1o4o 

UA. ONE CINCO 

1:15-3.-15-5:15 
7:15-9:15 

 fc / N / N 3 
N i> 
S otljb arep 

R estau ran t 

Black Forest 
Steak* and 
Seafood* 

I 
WE’RE FROM CORPUS 
Excellent Cocktail* 

OPEN 11:3o AJA. - 11:oo P.M.; SAT. 5:oo-11:oo PJA. 
9226 WurzbacH Road at Data Point 
696-91 I 4 

 s9 q / tvtno 

WONDER 2 it-I, rn iter 
1:45-4:2o-6:55-9:3o 

"OW .................... UHM— — 'I ll BIM. 
H a \y M la 
Id Varna, IM6SiM-SiSA4t«S tad knai I VO-4:TV 
NO PASSES a N O BARGAIN MAT. 

W INNER of 5 G O LD IN GLOBES A W A R D S 
Best Com edy or Musical 
Best Picture 
Bet Actress 
Best Actor 
Best Song 
, v> i v i 
'“i.'i: *•' 

■ vt it 
& iRrV*; .‘I;* 

T oday a t 
N O R T H W EST BIX i itaUfOr********—:*11 et tm 
Chack display ad for times A policies 

 w—*--n- 
Mffoy WWRM V 
FBACTH T U M’ 

“ FUNNY LADY 
“ FUSNfY o w l 1 st 
* 

T oday a t 

“ THI TOWN THAT 

| ‘MSW * PUU. MOMUtrl 
“ TIN 3 CABA l l NtO I 

CEN TURY SOUTH S 
I» a* a i m 
: : rn-, h i 
Check deploy od 
♦or times cmd policies 

‘KINO KONO* 

‘CHICANO LOVI rn 

SA N PED RO 
WPM tCttfM OUTDOOR ton Padre at B»«e< t Bd 
194 5426 

‘HICKiSOOeON’* 
“ BABY BU U 
MABIN?’’ 
“ ALONA BOBBY v 
A BOM” 

‘SUIMBNI PARTY 
•BY” 
“ THI HAPPY 

THAT DORAMD 

A SMA UL TOWN 
FN TBXAS" J 

 r 
MIDNIGHT SHOW TONIGHT 
NORTHWEST SIX 

HAST HOUSE 111 LEFT 
^■HMaMSMHMHWHSHMsmassHnsaasasssiisanaMHMSHww^MHnMMMMMua r n 

^ 
“ LADY*’ 
4:4o-9:55 
“ OHM.** 
2:1o-7:1o 
NOMINATED FOR 
S ACADEMY 
AWARDS! 
STRIISAND 
SCMN 
Funny 
^IiM y 
(POI 

14o-2:454:3o 
6:1544o-945 rn 
IMI 

NO SAR. MAT. 
NO SASttS 
NO IWK AON 
TCKTS. 

U niv 
Warhols 

H U g g g g j' 

 iirankensteiti 

The goriest and senest 
Frankenstein ever filmed 

ABC TV 

* Urn trf r«Ul WUMHttt i 

 f SA N P C D R O l “ NKKILOOIO N” 7:3o 

B / J J L H l 
‘BABY BLUB M ABIN I” 9:5o ama * 9 » « T i!M t r ” ?,?g 

I to PM MONDAY. rib 14 
CONVENT (ON CtNTtA AMMA 

 neat it m ta m Atxars 
CMU (MUN u a unot a , ann * 
4AM a 4*n» at wa bai ir oea t 
AU JOSat IR 
TH* AHC HA OOI UtttC* 

“ONE HELL OF A GOOD TIME.’ 

“FUNNY AND RICHLY 
ENTERTAINING." 

“YOU’LL LAUGH A LOT." 
- Jim » Krai 
Maanpmr 

BURT REYNOLDS 
• RYAN OfNEAL 
9 TATUM O'NEAL 
(PO) 

N i c k e l o d e o 

 p l u s 
JAN-MICHAEL 
VINCENT is t h e 
BABY BLUE 
MARIHE 

S m 
E £ 

PLUS 
Bobby has a 

6 8 C a m a ro . 

R o s e h a s a 

 fiv e year- o ld 

 kid . O n th e ir firs 

 d a te , th e y 

 v lo v e r* a n d fu g itiv e * . 
. ■.., t-,... .-r-.m.r.-.___ 

U s 
&) 

Q 
V i l d r e s O 
J® ! 

M c l t i M e e 
^ 
S 

NORTHWEST SIX Set * Joe. “UHD ’1o45 “COH" 12:2o .. 

V i n I V B I 
Set.*Son. “COM” 12:15 “UNO” 1:5o 

NOW 
Edgar Rice Burroughs’ 
TWO GREAT CLASSICS 
TOGETHER! 
PC 

I 
' I 

% 
, ^ " Y ■ 
' ^ 
I X 
X&jZrh*- flitsI 
OI 

 d o u g M c C l u r e 
PETER C U S H IN G 
C A R O L IN E M U N R O 

UM KAN WH NMI OML KM M 

 r n 
DOUG McClure 
An AFRICAN INHUMATION* PC I URI 
PG I 

 rl 1:5o-2:2o 
4:5o-7:2o ii 
9:5o 

N O IIH W I1T s n 
■ ft rn LM* tit MI CMU**. 

OaWy tar IWaaw 
Charity tar Hut im 
NHIM Fartermem# Only. 

Why is this love story locked in the top secret files of London and Moscow? 

T H A I 
■ O W N I W 
M 
O UT D O C K TH I A K S 

 a a a rn... t I i i m .»>» 
71 AO-IO) AO 
Visa lit-IIM 
11 JO-IAO-liSO-t OO ti1*-AiM-7i4* 
2BMAJN AA r n INO Mf AMT MOUNDING 
ACTION THMILLtMS ON TH* SAAM SKULL 
SMUTTING DOUB Lf BILLI 
H U S f t y w 'f y i'M c o f e . 

 orvoear i e ) 
4:35-7:1o-945 
J J * W >»*eeNlt%e 
IN NER DREAMS SHE S A SEX 6oDDESS 
IN REAL LIFE SHE S EVEN BETTER! 
A MBT sitsti 
PLUS 
"DIVORCE! 

(X ) 

I U D . K O A D 
O U I O O O * IM I A T S I 

 inuits 
URSULA MONRO! 
A\ 
CEDAR HOUSTON fl\ 
JACK RANOOll 
OOUGlAS CANNE 

 n4 rut 
L" 7:3o-1o*4o 
H U S 
“ PLA YO MI LB” 9:1 S 
Capitol Hill Secretaries 

4*m Ow now p s n y \ 
TH Is. 

 iKYtetyi 

Jut: Mk yow 

 a 

PLUS t.un» MATINOATI to MATIHBEOS 

A C TIO N K A N T AOS Congressional 

 w e e b t 
Pm 

■ 
111 TTi TI ? 
;• I 
L 'i lu iL.Mfc.J 
T* 
HOI im t.4ro til rift 
Tar*- 

P E R F O R m a n c E 
MICK JAGGER 
BT A JM B-E.Y 
3:25-7:5o (R) 
K U B R IC K * 

I " " . W . ' "4 w 
PLUS 
^ w 
^ 
Mb ___ ___ 
12:55-5:15-9:4o lRL 

Starting M onday 
Jock Nicholson 
•piv* b a s t Pieces” 
“n u l a s t m t a u * 

BRING THIS AO FOR UNT 
Fen ADMISSION WITH ONI RAID 
THE BA D NEW S 

I . A A 1 .T A _ R < 

Starting Wodnmmday 
Ingmor 
“ SCVIMTM BIAL” 
Bergman’* 
“ WILD STBAWBSBBI1S’ 

P f! 
1:oo-4:3o-8:oo 
Walter Matthau 
Tatum O ’Neal 

A a 
Evwy gMi 
---- - 
_ BIBS* MANN HANH FfTBM NM 

 lf dream. T JF E 9 U A R D ” (PO ) 
IMiiW, ....... 
I,,, m hi S u n d o y ii ii i in i>—mi 
^ T N I M AN W H O W O ULD B l K IN O ” 
‘TH I W IN D AND T H I LION** 

1246-2:36-5:oo 
7:36-1o:oo 
( E N 
I I K 
I i ; 
L O I I I I 
\ J 
% W Mil Or of IM SS Le 
*24 A SA I 

NO RAI MAT?\ 
NO RASSIS 

The most exciting original motion picture event of all time. 
K in e 
Kong 

PG -ZSr 

NOMINATED FOR 
2 ACADEMY 
AW ARDSI i Starring JEFF BRIDGES • JESSICA LANGE J 
^*BBNNUMHBBBUBBHHBHUHBBBUBUHBaaBUUBBBHUBHHUBHHHRBMBBBBUBHMMBMnBHeBMRMHnUM*MD^ 

„o 5 5.7,7 o° i^ s r E T l p . i|i^ 
I ny Mil m •* im l l to v i e - A lif 
P e r to* in a m e O n ly . I 

'. u 
Q 
? i. L H lC 
A lf o p . 
F f SIE Wte W fy 

M il. I H U I BV 
L II 
C K N 
I I K t f , 
L O I I I I 
E> 
1311 
»W NM Dr U M IIh 
«M UU 

124624o44o IlLntB T V I ii I I) .*4.1 J 124624o4.oo 
64o4461o4o 
-im*™ 
*4o4461ooo 
W. tN#rr —« ttliii t4 
“ TOWN** 7:3o-1o:55 
‘‘T iX A * ,, 9:2o 
NOT EVERYONE 
WHO COMES 
TO THIS LOVERS’ LANE t 
HAS THE SAME THING 
ON THEIR MIND. ^ 1 

J f V 
W 
(PG) 

[XHlCANO'Lvi is TORSl/Hl^IV 

 r GOPIATHIR W" illiiilil IJn71 k it i 
E l I • SHOOT!}!" 2:25- 
11:oo4:2o-9:4o M 
U l U 
I k 
J ! / ■ 
7:45 

I 93L Pe* I'H .iiti R«J 
A L B S 

PACINO 

PLUS jOHN WAYNE 
LAUREN BACALL rn A SN JJA IHM 
(RO) 
“THE SHOOTISr 

 l i N 
I Y I I I A 
L 
C H V I W IN 
Or Rd 
OIB 
*IV*BY" 3:3o 
6:45-1o:oo 
HARRY REEMS 
IN 
“ EVERY 
INCH A 

TMH TOWN THUT Is! 
DREftDED SUNDOWN 
Sternly 
BEN JOHNSON a n o r lw p w n i darn r il l s 
^ 

2ND RIA TU Af AT 
SAN Mf DMO ONLY: 
“ A SM ALL TO W N 
IN TfXA S*V o) 

/ T I A N N N O . 
“ SLUMBER PARTY*' 
7:3o-1o:53 
PIUS 
“ NAPPY HOOKER*’ 9 ,1 s 
V A R S IT Y 
~T6W W Y*W1N 

W 
O O U W 
N 

• 
'll ll'i 

11lOO-1 >4o• 
1.JO J oCi *,4o. 
•iio. :o oo 
“M isty 
Beethoven” 
I STH W IC K 
AT THE 
W O O D L A W N I 

 ttoo-tno- 
1.3 o 1.oo 
*^o-e>eo-*>4s 
[H W I 2o1)1 A W RI c d i a i i 
.•NhrKMBir,!. 
’tttt'l 
NO *A*OAiN m a rim: 

THI MOST TAUCH) ABOUT ADULT 
PHM UNCI “ DOP THROAT” ... 

Bobby socks, Hickeys, Pony Kills, Necking nna all the rest of the "innocent"SOS 

 v * 
M 
Slumber 
'57 

MU aaa aa riMal, aaa it (satiety, aaa rna ll aefald 
Ihb ba2 y* in s£mb 
' < 
AAT MV ll KNIGHT 
LA TV ABAY AAV re w 

I A t V I A N O 

O W IO O O A I H i t I t ! b^HIND DOOR'ui 
MARILYN CHAMBERS, 
The AM-Amorite* Qiri 

“TAK OAS* 
9:2o 

PLUS 
MTHE 
TAKERS’’ 

 id 
'* » 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February I 2 1977 
S.A. share of state sales tax jumps 14% 

By DICK MERKEL 

CHIEF. EXPRESS N E W S CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN - Business was good in San Antonio last year. 
So good, in fait, the city's share of the state sales tax jumped 14 per cent over 1975 — tile big­ gest p ercen tage hike 

Dollar-wise* San A ntonio's sales tax rebate in IV 76 ra n k e d th in I in the stale 

 las with $35.3 million 
( + 11%). 
Following San Antonio were F o rt Worth with among the major cities in $12.3 million ( +11%) and 
Texas. 
Austin at $9.1 million 
Figures released F n - ( + 12%). day bv State ( omptroller 
The I percent salt's tax compared with $493,o33 
Bob Bullock showed San is collected by merchants in 197B 
Antonio's I per cent re- and other sales tax per- Olmos 
Bark s rebate bate from the sales tax niit holders along with share declined from am ounted to $18.9 mil- the 4 per cent state sales $5o,212 in 1975 to $54 KI O lion, compared with $1o.5 tax million in 1975. 
The city's share is then 
At the ra te of I per returned by the comp* cent, this means San An- tro lle r's office in the tnmo's taxable sales for form of a monthly rebate, the year were nearly $2 
All but three cities in billion — an in crease and around San Antonio from $1.o billion the pre- had the same happy ex- vious year. perienee in 197o. led by 
***D ollar-w ise. 
San 
Cibolo which recorded a 
Antonio's sales tax re- whopping 87 pet* cent in­ crease in its rebate share 
— $12,2o1 in 197o. com­ pared with $o,53o. 
Houston leads 
Declines 
Houston led all major 
Declines were recorded 
Texas cities in 197o with m Castle Hills, down 15 a total id $o2.o million per cent; New Braunfels 
(+13%) lotlowed by Dab down 5 per cent, and Bi­ 

 liate in 197o ranked third in the state. 

 m os Burk, down 2 per cent. 
( astle Hills' 1975 r e ­ bates totaled $123,922 in 
1975, and $1o5,917 in 197o. 
New B ra u n fe ls’ 1975 rebate total was $52o,425. 

 in 197o 

Increases 

Recording increases, by dollars and percen ­ tages. were 
Alamo 
H eights, 
$21o,4oo to 
$2o1,o1o 
(4-8%); Balcones Heights, 
$5o1,592 to 
$53o,285 
( + 5%); 
Converse, 
$18,58o to 
$15,933 
( + 17%); Hill Country 
Village, $11,72o to $9,384 
(+ 2 5% ); 
K errville, 
$38o,9o7 to 
$325,114 
( + 13%). 
Also: 
Leon 
Valley, 

$119,239 to 
$1o4,582 
(+ 1 4 % ); 
Live 
Oak, 
$22,568 to $2o,869 ( +9%); 
San Marcos, $421,117 to 
$374,577 
( + 12%); 
Schertz, $o9,5o8 to $49,6oo 
(+4o%); Seguin. $417,oo5 to $357,o15 ( + 17%). 
And finally, T errell 
Hills, $22,326 to $22,135 
( + 1%); Universal City, 
$213,134 to 
$194,o2o 
( + 1o%); and Windcrest, 
$71,188 to $o7,o75 (+5%). 
State-wide, rebates to all cities were up 14 per cent front $2o4.5 million in 1975 to $3o2.9 million last year. 

T w o k id n a p e d o ffic ia ls o k a y 

MADRID 
- 
Bol ice rescued two kidnaped 
Spanish officials un ­ harm ed and a rre ste d some of their abductors, the governm ent a n ­ nounced. 
Fresh violence explod­ ed with the slaying of another policeman. Po­ lice identified those a r­ rested as im portant m em bers of a radical left-wing group opposed to the government. 

APPLIANCE & TV W ORLD 

?r-N 

OPEN 
M ON .-SAT. 
9-7 
CALCULATORS 
8-digit, w/sq. root, 
Percent ke y , more. 
SAVE! 
LO W , L O W PRICES 

 o n SONY 
COLOR TV’S 

H 
I 
9” AC-DC 

B&W TV, BATTERYS 
ARE INCLUDED! 

B iz 

SHAI,*! * 
2995 

> * 

MV n 

12” BLACK & WHITE 

 e 

I DELUXE FRIGIDAIRE 
REFRIGERATORS 
From As Low As 
’429” 

• • 
* • • 
PERSONAL SIZE PORTABLE 
A 
COLOR TV’S *259 

FRIGIDAIRE 18 LB. HEAVY DUTY 
C - s L , WASHER 
$ 2 9 9 9i 

3o” GAS RANGE 
A ll porcelain, A vo ca d o , 
H arvest G old or C opp er 

* 
1 
8 
8 
” 
Slight Scratch 

WAREHOUSE 
^SHOWROOM 

7123 
SAN PEDRO 

MANT 
UNL Of A 
KINDS, FLOOR SAM 
PUS, IEPoS, MORE* 

 p / 
I ii 
W m 

T 
■ to t. 
WM 

I 
I 
Wci/A 

L 
: 
I 
\ ’ miim '%£L m m m 
I 

* 
* 
: 
SI 

I 
W M m 
I > 
\ wk 

 i i 
I 
1 

' i t iii? 

 ti 

’ VI f 
, ' 

 rn 

 i 
<-b v’P'J-A ii/- 

•~v 

AND UP 

IHM CHI ST 
AND UP 

V • • »»»r \ • • • 
••••••» a 7777T]^K* 
V 

GUN CABINETS 
J;' 

AND UP 
M A N Y STYLES TO CHOOSE FROM 

- 
- 
~ t p 
T nj: 

DINETTE 

$ 

ONLY 

Vi 

*4- -I — 

1o SPEED ll! 
BLENDER ll 

)j|| 
AVOCADO OR HARVEST GOLD 

STORK HOURS 
IO A M. 
TO 
6 P.M. 

CHARGE ACCOUNT 
GET SI ooo.oo INSTANT CREDIT. IF YOU HAVE A VALID M AS­ 
TER CHARGE, BANKAMERIC ARD, DINERS CLUB, AMERICAN 
EXPRES. OR CARTE BLANCHE CARD . . . ARE EMPLOYED, OF I 
LEGAL AGL, 
AVE A LISTED PHONE, A VALID DRIVER S LICENSE 
AND OW N YOUR OWN HOME 

EASY TERMS—EASY TERMS 

LIMITED 
QUANTITY 

BLEDSOE 
FURNITURE co m pan y! 
315 EAST COMMERCE 

I 
IU 'i 
" > 'n *' •* 
.< V ■:; •■ 

•VV: S ,:^S: iv :■■■■■: :: 
. 
.:':,V';-v.V . ■:/'■ •■:>. J ' \ v W 
' 
. 
.\V- /. 
San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S— 
Saturday February 12 1977 
Page - 1-C 
GSA chief to leave 

PRESIDENT Carter prepares to board new Airborne Command Post 
President tries out new com m and plane 

MACON. Ga 
(AF’ ) - 
President C arter flew home to Georgia Friday on the aircraft that would be the nation's airborne command post in any nuclear war. He called the experience “ very sobering’’ and a reason to reduce the “ worldwide nuclear threat." 
It was the first time a president had flown in the plane, which is equipped with sophis­ ticated communications equipment for reaching 
America's military com­ 

 manders around the world 
The plane Carter flew to Georgia in is a m ili­ tary version of the Boe­ ing 717 jumbo jet. Even though the a irc ra ft is huge, the lack of w indows and the numerous com­ partments jammed into the plane probably made 
( arter, a one-time sub­ marine officer, feel right at home. 
“ If s very sobering,” 
C arter told reporters aboard the plane. “ It’s a realization about what 

 might occur unless we assure peaceful relation­ ships with other nations 
“ The constant escalat­ ing nuclear capability is why I'm so eager to let our nation know what the existing threat of nuclear war might be,” Carter- said. 
Relationship 
He said the United 
States and the Soviet 
Union are capable of a peaceful relationship 

Carter requested the dem onstration flight 

 aboard the 2” I -foot blue and white plane, a m ili­ tary version of the Boe­ ing 747. for his first trip home to Georgia since he took office three weeks ago. 
The 15-member multi- service battle staff that would accom pany the 
President on the plane iii case of war was in atten­ dance during the 
9o-minute flight. 
The aircraft is capable of carryin g 
94 pas­ sengers, including a handpicked crew of 'll 

W A S H IN G T O N (A P ) 
— Jim in y C arter, in a flurry of activity before returning to Georgia for the first time as P re s i­ dent, said through his spokesman F rid a y that the present head of the 
General Services Admin­ istration was being re­ placed in a dispute over whether the G SA chief could name his own as­ sistants. 
C arter also revealed some of the details of a trust agreement de­ signed to insulate his personal financial hold ings from presidential decisions and announced that he was sending his 
78-year-old mother to re­ present him at the funer­ al of the president of In dia 
The President also: 
• Signed an executive order setting up a nine- member commission to oversee the search for a new director of the 
Feeder a I Bureau of Inves­ tigation within the next 
9o days; 
• Met with his am bassadors directing negotiations over the fu­ ture of the Panama Can­ al. 
—Spoke iii tin' White 
House witll New York ( i- ty M ayor Abraham L) 
Beanie about the city ’s financial situation 
Beanie later said he told 
C arter he expects no immediate federal help in paying off $1 billion in short-term loans. 
• Nominated Daniel .1 
Meador, a University of 
V irg in ia 
Law 
School professor, to the new post of assistant attorney general for im ­ provem ents in the administration of justice. 
Spokesman 
Jo d y 

Powell announced that 
Jack Eckerd, bead of the 
General Services Admin­ istration since Oct. 15. 
1975, would bt' leaving his post despite an announ­ cement Monday that he had accepted C arte r's invitation to remain in office. 
Eckerd. a Republican who built up a drugstore chain in F lo rid a , was leav mg after being told that he could not choose his own deputies. 
Powell acknowledged that Eckerd. after F3ck- erd had met with Carter at which he was asked to stay on, had the impres­ sion that hi' would be given free rein in picking assistants. Powell called this “ an honest m isun­ derstanding.” 
The trust agreement governing Carter’s hold­ ings states that its chief purpose is to isolate him 
“ from those of his assets which are most likely to be affected by actions of the federal government and its agencies." 
The document gives trustee Charles Kirbo, a long-time Carter friend and adviser, broad pow­ ers to sell or lease the 
President's properties ll also sets forth three 
Carter requests: 

• That Kirbo, in decid­ ing what to do about the family peanut wanf^iousc business, "be sensitive” to the potential economic consequences for younger brother B illy 
C arter. m anaging partner in the business. 
• That Kirbo attempt to keep open the pos­ sibility that one of the 
Presid ent's sons, especially Jam es E a rl 
Carter 111. might want to take an active role iii the father’s businesses. 
• That the President 

“ has an affinity for those farm lands which are owned by Carter s Farms 
Inc." and hopes the pur­ pose of the trust can be carried out without requiring their sale. 
C arte r’s mother. L il­ lian. will be accompanied on the trip to New Delhi by the President’s son. 
Chip. The funeral for 
President F'akhruddin 
All Ahmed w ill take place Sunday. 
The 
P re s id e n t’s mother, a registered nurse, served iii the 

Peace Corps in India in the mid 19(H>s 
During the m eeting with the Panama Canal team, headed by Ambas­ sador Ellsworth Bunker and Ambassador Sol P i­ llow it/, Carter said “ I hope the Panam anians are ready to negotiate iii good faith and I assume tliev are ’’ lit' said that if this were the case, lie saw a 
“ good chance to resolve" differences between Pan­ ama and the United 
States 

PERSONAL TOUCH BOUTIQUE 
Invites You to Our Cram! Opening 

Sharon lin e s «N D orothy W alters 
February IO. l l X 12 
IO A .M.-<i P.M . 

Featuring Contem porary Clothing 

Fo r the W om an with a F lair for the Unique 

Register For 
$5oon,> In Door Prizes 

8735 Wurzbach 69o-8273 

MAGNIFICENT 
PENNSYLVANIA 
HOUSE 

25oo BROADW AY * 1 2 1 8 S.W. MILITARY 
SUPER APPLIANCE SPECIALS 
HOO WATT 
BLOW DRYER 

• 3 
HEAT 
SELEC T IO N S/2 
AIR 
SPEEDS 

• PERFECT BALANCE A N D LIGHT 
W EIG H T D ESIG N 
FOR EFFORT 
LESS STYLING 

• 
QUALITY 
G E 
LEKAN ■ 
C O N 
STRUCT IO N 

• TEXAS 
INSTRUM EN TS 
THER 
M OST AT CONTROLLED HEAT 
SLIGO. RETAIL $14.95 

1o4-oo1 

Retail $16.95 

1o4-oo4 

12oo WATT BLOW 
DRYER 

• BUILT IN 
A ERO D Y N A M IC 
V IN 
TUR VELO CITY C O N C EN TRA TO R 

• PERFECT BALANCE SUPER LIGHT 
W EIG H T 
(Only I 2 or ) 

• 3 HEAT S E T T IN G S ' 2 AIR SPEED S 

• 
O U AUTY 
G E 
LEXAN* 
C O N 
STRUCTION 

135o WATT BLOW 
DRYER 
► PRO FESSIO N AL 
DRYER 
W ITH 
VENTURI 
VELOCITY 
AT 
TACHMENT 
► SINGLE 
THUMB 
C O N T R O l 
SWITCH 
WITH 
3 
HEAT 
StT 
T IN G S/ 2 AIR SPEEDS 
► EACH SETTING A U T O M A T IC A II Y 
AD1USTS AIR SF*IED TO ASSURE 
PROPER RESULTS 
► 
Q U A IIT Y 
G E 
LEK A N ' 
C O N 
STRUCTION 

Sugg. Retail $19.95 

1o4-oo5 

Here are treasured designs that have earned tho right to be called timeless 
(They vc boon in stylo tor over two centuries!) All skillfully interpreted in fine woods that mellow to a wonder­ ful patina, so they actually grow more beautiful with the years. And tho time to acquire these superb reproductions is now. during our very special sale 
Come in and choose from selected pieces and groupings tor living rooms. Dining rooms. Bedrooms 
Family rooms. You ll find cherry Oak. Maple Pine In solid woods and carefully selected veneers. From the delightful informality of Early American to the classic look of the Georgian and Federal periods. 

And whatever you decide on, remember, it's 
Pennsylvania House Which means you're not just buying furniture; you're investing in one of the world's best furniture values. Even more valuable, now at 2o% oft 

T H IS $7.5o V A L U E - 
Y O U R S FR EE! 
Tho Pennsylvania House 
Collector s Book pages th lull color National bome- furnishmys editors take you f on a tour of historic 
I American homos Hundreds et decorating ideas! FRLL— no obliaation 

Leonard’s Colonial Shoppe 

SHOWCASE OF AMERICAN TRADITION 

I O M I C o o c h llg h t — o n # m il* n o r t h o f L o o p 4 1 o — P h o n o 3 4 1 * 2 2 2 5 

Convenient ct adit term* 
Open Patly iii b 3o 
I bur entry til 9 oo 

 ii 
GREAT AMERICAN BURGER 
MACHINE 
AND SANDWICH MAKER 

C O O K S HAMBURGERS, SMALL STEAK, 

HOT 
D O G S : 
GRILL 
SA N D W IC H E S: 

TOASTS BAGELS, MUFFINS; HEAT PIES. 

LO C K IN G HANDLE FOR N O SPLATTER 
C O O K IN G 
EASY TO CLEAN 
N O N - 

STICKING 
C O O K IN G 
SURFACE 
A N D 

DRIP TRAY. DETACHABLE CORD. 
Su g g. R e ta il $1 5 .9 5 

1 o 4 -o o 3 

Otter “HYDROLAX” Foot Massager 

• Refresh your tired feet and aching legs 

• Provides soothing, relaxing water-rn motion " massage 

• Us«, with or without water 

• Stand up in unit for full body massage 

• Use for arm and wrist mas toga 

Sum - Retail $25.95 
SPECIAL 

 w 

-W, x 

The PO W ER of FAITH 
BY 
W O O O l IS H M A E L 

THE M TV H IM y 

T H E B I B L E 

N o . 2 7 8 . H o s e a 

Hosea. the first of the minor prophets, receives and imparts the divine revelations through the personal tragedy of his unhappy marriage. God uses Hosea’s faithless and adulterous wife. Gomer, to symbolize the sins which the people of Israel had committed against 
God. 
The prophet denounces the people for the decay of their religious, social, political values, and he warns them of their dire fate. “My God will cast them away, because they did not hearken unto him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations.” (Hosea 9:17) 
Hosea is not, however, a prophet of doom, for he stresses that 
God s mercy and love are given to those who understand His ways. 
"Who is wise, and he shall understand these things? prudent, and he shall know them? for the ways of the Lord are right, and the just shall walk in them: but the transgressors shall fall therein.” (Hosea 14:9) 

A Special 
Invitatio n 
To A ttend 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

I ooo 13— 1 m ile 
N o rth of H ig h w a y 9JE 
E (S3 I t l l 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 

1o3 S t lo res SI 
C A62481 
Bexar County 
National Bank 
M em ber F O I C 
Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 

M a nufactu red bv Blue Bonne! 
P otato Chip Com pany 

Baptist 
Churches 

Assembly 
CHURCH OF 
CASTLE HILLS 

I U Role to 
( I ' ] M il*» W rit of C e ntral P o rk 
M a ll on Loop 41o) 
3414174 
P a llo r John Magee 
Sunday School v JO A M 
M o rn in g W orship 
IO W) A M 
E ve ning W orship e OO P M 
W ednesday 
C ity Wide Bible Study A 
Y outh S ervice 
7 JO P M. 
N u rse ry p ro vid e d a ! a ll *.« rv- ices 
The C h urch You vt* Been 
LOO* mg F or 

EASTSIDE PRIMITIVE 
BAPTIST CHURCH 

17o4 w Hem Rd. 
Phone 313 143o 
P ostor E ld e r (D r ) J P D ale J r 
Services 
2ND S A T U R D A Y N IG H T 7 JO P M 
IN D Sunday IO JO A M 
■ITH Sunday IO 3o A M. 

P R IM IT IV E 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

4o5 W alton Ave 
Meets Is l. 2nd and 4th Sundays a l IO JO A M 
Tor 
In fo rm a tio n c a ll 
66 1 7o58 a tte r 6 OO P.M . 

Southern Baptist 

CASTLE HILLS 
FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

H IO N W M ilita ry Hw y 
B lanco x i i oft Loop 41o 
"P ro c la im in g the A b andon! 
L ite in C h ris t" 
D r Geo* ae M H a rris . P o stor 
Jam es H E nnis. 
Associate P astor 
M alcolm A G ra m o e r. 
M inister of M usic 
Ed R H um an, 
^ mid t yang. I.,I 
Irv in g Cook 
E d ucation D ire c to r 
Helen Cade t bur ch V isitor 
Sunday Schools (9 IO H OO a rn I 
M orn ing W orship S ervices iv JO 
A l l OO a m 
E ve ning W orship S ervice l f OO p rn I 
C h ristia n T ra in in g Hour (6 OO p av I 
W ednesday P ro v e r S ervice <7 IS p rn ) 
N u rse ry open tor a ll services 

GOSPEL 
ASSEMBLY 
P a stor M w H a re lip 
417 C a talina 
Just off H ild e b ra n d & IH IO 
W o rs h ip a n d B ib le f e llo w s h ip 
IO OO A M 
W orship Sunday E ve 7 OO p rn 
W ednesday Bible Study / JO p rn 
The Church With Truth fo r Its 
H e a rt 

Assembly of God 
FIRST 
ASSEMBLY 
OF GOD 
(3o VE M ilita ry D r 
(B etw een Roosevelt and F lo re s ) 
Rev Day Robison, P astor 
Phone t i l 7S4I —414-IM T 
S U N D AY 
S E R V IC E 
Sunday 
School — 9 4S a rn 
W arship — 
IO IS a m 
Ju n io r C h u rch S e rv­ ices in A u x ilia ry A u d ito riu m lu r 
C htid re n of an ages — IO 4S a rn 
Y outh 
M eetings 
- 
6 OO a m tv o n g e iis h c 
S ervices 
— 
7 OO p rn 
WL DN L SDA V 
Deeper 
L ite 
Blote S ervices — 7 JO p rn 
At tenaed 
N u rserie s operate ah 

OAK MEADOW 
ASSEMBLY OF 
GOD 
1714 H unters G reen 
( N W S A ) 
Phone 491 U l t 
Rev. Jack R obertson. Paster 
Sunday Services 
Sunday S c h o o l-4 4$ a rn. 
M o rn in g Worship - IO 4$ a rn. 
B raise Bolty — 7 8 8 a n* 
Wed F a m ily night I M p m 
N U R b t RY 
P R O V ID E D 
FO 
A L L SE R V IC ES 
"COME AND F IN O L O V * " 
GLAD TIDING 
ASSEMBLY 
OF GOD 
1 )4} Se w W w h ile Rd 
(Leap 111 
James M Brothers Pester 
Wayne von. Assistant Pester 
S under 

CRESTVIEW 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
W a lie m at E a g le c re s l—SSS /ASI 
( I M ile East oi 
Roosevelt High School) 
L o rry I. Jones, Pastor 
Don E 
Kibbe, 
Associate Pastor 
Sam Moore. Music Director 

9 -is a rn Bible Study tor att opes l l o o a rn W orship S ervice 
6 oo p m Sunday n igh! Place 
7 oo p m E ve ning W orship Sery tee 
7 OO p m 
W ednesday 
P ra y e r 
S ervice 
N u rs e ry open tor ah services 
V isito rs w elcom e 
"C o m e G row W ith Us' 

EISENHAUER 
ROAD BAPTIST 
39SO Eisenhower Road 
P h il Jew ett, M in iste r of M usic and Youth 
Sunday School — 9 
o a rn M o m mg W a rsh ip — IO 4S a rn . C hurch 
T raining — 6 DO p rn 
I veiling 
W orship 
— 
/.(JO p m 
M ission 
O rga nisatio ns — 6 IO p rn 
Wed tu-sd av; M id Wees P ro ve r Serv tee — 7 IS p m , G raded C hoirs. k in d e r g a rte r', 
BUS 
M in is try , 
N u rse ry p rovid ed 

LACKLAND 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
17)1 F re n tie r Or 
S/61/o2 ja m e s O. Toad. Paster 
Stephen Heather 
M in iste r cf E ducation 
Jim m y M u rd o ck, 
M usic A Youth D ire c te r 

MANOR 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

M anor D r at M e re d ith 
( I blocks w est ot 
Jefferson H igh School) 
D r, N athan L. Stone. 
P ostor 
D r Prentess F e rre ll 
Associate P a s to r/ 
C h ris tia n E d ucation 
M r Lee M ore sh, 
M in is te r of M usic 

M iss D iane H a rt, 
M in iste r of Y outh A R e crea tion 
9 JO a m S unday School 
IO SO a rn M o rn in g w o rsh ip Ser m on bv Dr 
P R E N T E S S T e rre ll. 
"B e Holy " • 
6 OO p m E ve ning W orship. 
I venlng w o rs h ip se rm o n bv D r. 
T e rre ll. "M y Assurance " 
/ p m W ednesday Ser vice 
Supervised n u rs e ry lo o il sery ices 

FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
SH M cC ullough 
"O n ly M inutes Aw ay by E xp re s s w a y " 
O r Jim m y R Allen, P astor 

Sunday Services v JO a rn Sunday School 
11 OO a rn M o rn in g W orship 
6:oo p.m. C hurch T ra in in g 
/ OS p rn E ve ning W orship 
/ I S p m W ednesday m id week service (B ro a d ca st over K K Y X 
R adio and 
F S A T 
(C hannel ll , l l OO a rn Sunday). 

NORTHEAST 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
193o B itte rs R o a d -8 1 4 THS 
W H L on g— P astor 
Rex Shannon—E d ucation 
C liff H a rd e n —M u s ic /Y o u th 

S U N D AY S C H E D U LE 
V: lo o . rn B ible Study (A ll ages) 
IO so a rn W orship 
J M o m Youth Choir 
6 OO p rn C h ristia n T ra in in g 
6 OO p rn C le m e n la ry C hoirs 
7 OO p rn E ve n in g W orship 
W E D N E S D A Y SCHE D U L L 
6 OO p rn 
M issio n a ry O rgan wa lions 
7 IO p rn M id Week S ervice 
8 2o p rn. A d ult C hoir 
N U R S E R Y 
O P E N 
A L L 
SERV 
ICES 
W E E K D A Y 
K IN D E R 
G A R T E N P R O G R A M 

E X P R E S S -N E W 8 

R 
E 
L I G 
I O 
N 

 p m 
Teen 
HI Ac teen 
& P ry Sc id 
W« 
* t. tee 7 OO t rn w * h e B tn t S tud, 
I 
R o a te rk ta d 
M 
P rn. N u rse ry uHc oi etch service 
Due C e rt gnu a im 
A Nisi fra m in g M 
• d b • vie mn 

 i t R y e 
S I R I 

(O r g te * M f 

NORTHRIDGE 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
Chew Chase A Eisenhauer Rd. 
T A * OS 34 
Tomes M Reid, Postor 
9 JO o m. Sunday School tor a il 
Cr IMN* . 
1o SS a m 
M o rn in g 
W orship 

6 OO p rn 
C h u rch in tra in in g , / p rn E ve ilin g W orship Ser vie c 
7 JO p rn 
W ednesday 
P ra ye r 
Service 
N u rse ry open 
*ur an services. 
V isitors welcome 

SHEARER HILLS 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
M I OBLATE 
Dr. Charles J. 
Wisdom 
Pastor 
Phtthp Sttlon 
Minister et Music and Administration 
Jehu M. (M a rty ) 
Brawn 
’ M in iste r et Youth 
SU ND AY 
9 JO Bible Study. 
IO 4o M orn ing Worship 
6 OO M em bers in T ra in in g 
I OO E ve ning W orship 
W ED N ES D A Y c JO p rn Supper 
7 Wpm Bible Study 
I ta p m 
S a n ctu a ry 
C heir 

PARKHILLS 
BAPTIST 
I4#H sun Padre Ave 
Dr J abn B arbee. Pastor kid w M i l t o n , k due aiiun 
I ie*a Garcia Chair Master ib m Sawder. Minister el Youth h o t is m Leaper. M u s k A Youth 
( U A M SUNDAY SCHOOL 
IO JO A M Wo r s h ip SERVICE 
5 t i P M 
C H R IS T IA N TR A IN 

6 44 P M EVENING SE R V IC E 
7 m P M WEDNESDAY PHAY 
I R SE R VIC t 
Supervised nursery gi un ser« 

■Ak. 

Charismatic 

REVIVAL TEMPLE t it # Texas Avenue je h n m Bet), P a tte r 
M o B eadlet, A t titte n t 
Sunday School. 9 4S a rn 
M orn ing W orship, (q ss a rn 
P re ta r vw e p ra ye r 4 JO p rn 
I in n in g W orship. 7 M p rn 
Wednesday 
P ra ye r 
A 
B it 
Study a i 7 OO p rn 

Charismatic Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
HOI w HMdofr dad 
P. Geode Feater P a tte r 

Sunday S c h o o l- K A M 
W o rth y — 11 A M 
'■■•'•day t e e —I P M w ed Cve - / W P M 
H u rte r • P ie . idea 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
64oo Block N. New Braunfels 
828-5728 
Rev. E a rl R. B itte *, M inister 
P o rker E. C ro tt, 
Associate M inister 
8:5o a rn W orship S ervice 
9-.45a.m. C hurch School 
IO; 5o a rn W orship S ervice 
12:oo N o on-F e llo w s h ip 
6 p.m. Y outh M eetings 
E xce lle nt N u rse ry. A m ple p a rk mg 

CENTRAL 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
Main Avenue at Romano Plaza 
217-3173 
M inisters: 
Dr. Thomas Youngblood 
Royce E. Mokln 
C hurch School 9 45 a rn 
W orship IO 45 a m fa m ily p ro g ra m s 6 p m . 
N u rse ry a va ila b le . 
A frie n d ly w elcom e aw a its you. P le n ty of 
D arking 
COMMUNITY 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(Disciples of Christ) 
C H UR CH SCHOOL 9:45 A M 
W O RSH IP t i :oo A M 
(N u rs e ry P ro vid e d ) 
Live Oak E le m e n ta ry School Old 
Spanish Tr & W elcom e Dr 
O ffice Phone 654 6666 

WOODLAWN 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(Disciples of Christ) 
West G ram ercy at Elm endorf 
(across from Woodlawn C lr.) 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
Rev B L. Brown 
Senior M inister 
Rev. Tom w Neal, Associate 
M inister 
Sunday S ervice C h urch 
School 
9 JO M o rn in g w o rsh ip IO 45 

S e rm o n S u b je c t 
Inner Force." 
‘D e s tru c tiv e 

TR IN IT Y 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
119 E. M ulb erry 
Or Buckner Fanning. Pastor 
Rev. R .F. (Bob) W idem an, 
Associate Pastor 
Rev. Tom m y Lyons, 
M inister of Music 
Rev. Don McLendon. 
M inister of Education 
Rev. Danny M u rra y, 
M inister of Youth 
M r Ben Freem an, 
M inister of Activities 
Mrs. Sondra Hester, D irector of 
Special Outreach M inistries 
Mrs. Oarlene Roners, 
Pre-School Director 
M r. J.W Fortner, 
Business Adm inistrator 
SU N D A Y 
9 3o 
A M —Sunday 
School, 
11 OO AM —W orship S ervice, 6 OO 
P M —C h ristia n 
E d u c a tio n ; 
7 OO 
P M -W o rs h ip Service. 

W E D N E S D A Y 6 1 5 p m — P ra y ­ er 
S ervice 
7 15 p m 
- 
C hoir 
P ra ctice 
A ttended n u rse rie s open tor an services 
UNIVERSITY 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
23o8 Cincinnati at Bandera Road 
( I block east of 
Gen M cM ullen D riv e ) 
Jam es M cKee, Pastor 
T erry W Wilkins 
Minister of Music A Youth 
SU N D AY 
I IO A AA W orship S ervice 
9 45 A M Sunday School 
11 OO A M. W orship S ervice 
5 3o P M C h urch T ra in in g 
6 4o P M. W orship S ervice 
W E D N E S D A Y 
7-JO P.M. P ro v e r S ervice k in d e rg a rte n fo r 4 & 5 y r olds 
S upervised n u rs e ry open to r a ll services. 

Buptis! Bible fellowship 

GRACE BAPTIST 
TEM PL E 
1918 Basse Rd (N orthsidc) 
P he net 711-4323—4SS-453J 
Wm E Forison. Pastor 
Sunday School — 9 45 a rn M o rn mg 
W orship 
IO 45; 
T ra in in g 
Union 6 oo p m . E ve n in g E va n aeiistic S ervice 6 JO p rn. 
C hurch 
N u rse ry open e v e ry 
Service. Spec tai w elcom e e x te n d ­ ed lo weekend v is ito rs and ne w ­ com ers to the city 

Wot Id Baptist fellowship 

HUISACHE 
AVENUE 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
1339 w . H ursae he Ave. 
Or Claud J Bonum. Pastor 
Rey. Claud J Bonum. Jr. 
Assoc tale Paster 
Young P e o a '*'* Leader 
Chair D x et tor 
Rey Fred Bon am. 
A ssociate P a stor, 
Young Adult Teacher 
Sunday S ervices — A ll B ible Sun- cav School IO oo a rn 
W orship S e rvice l l OO a m 
A dult s 
Y oung 
People s a n d 
C h ild ren s M eeting 6 JO p m 
E vebing S ervice 7 3o p m 
Wednesday 
— 
P ro v e r 
S e rvice 
7 3o P rn 
41 Years Mi San Antonio lu n e in D r 
C loud J. B onsm on 
KO RY rodio . H IO on your d io l 
M onday th ru S a turday 7' JO 7 44 

E vening Y outh G roup, 6:oo p m 
Child ca re d u rin g m o rn in g service. A m ple p a rkin g . A frie n d 
Iv w elcom e aw aits you. 

Christian Stiente 

SUBJECT OF LESSON* 
"Soul" 
FIRST CHURCH 

SO) North Alamo 
Sunday S ervice 9 3o-1o JO U OO 
12 OO 
Sunday School l l OO 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
8 OO 
SECOND CHURCH 
Magnolia and Belknap 
Sunday S ervice l l OO 
Sunday School 11 OO. 
W ednesday 
E vening 
M eeting 
8 OO 
THIRD CHURCH 

27oo S. New Braunfels 
Sunday S ervice l l OO 
Sunday School l l :oo. 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
7 oo 

FIRST CHURCH 
(A L A M O H E IG H T S ) 
1o4 CLO V ER L E A F 
Sunday S ervice l l OO 
Sunday School 11:oo 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
7; JO 
R E A D IN G ROOMS 
326 N. St. M ary's 
Colonies North M all 
IM IO B W urzbach Rd. 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
5o)2 Broadway 

Churches of Christ 

BEACON HILL 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
937 w M agnolia 
Between IN to and US ISI 
Bill Wilson. Minister 
Bible Call L ibrary 
733 89o4 
Sunday S ervices: W orship IO JO o m. and 6 p m. Bible Classes. 
9. JO a m. M idw eek B ible S iudv, 
W ednesday. 7 JO D rn 
A ch u rch near lo the h e a rt of San A n­ tonio ." 

CHRIST CHURCH 
Belknap ut West Russell 
Sunday 
8:oo a m. Holy Communion 
9:oo a m. Fam ily Service and 
Sunday School 
It OO a m. M orning W orship 
(1st and 3rd Sundays — Holy 
Comm union) 
T v s iflg y 
5:oo p.m. Holy Communion and 
Healing Service m y n a s * 
1o:oo a.m . Holy Communion 
The Rev. John H. M acNaughton 
Rector 
The Rev. Homer Tom lin 
The Rev. Melvin G ray 
The Rev. Samuel Todd, Jr. 
Associate Rectors 
The Rev. Samuel O rr Capers, 
D D. Rector Em eritus 

NORTHEAST 
THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 
S ta rk e s t at B arrington in M orvm ont 

8 OO a m. H oly C om m union. 1o:3o a rn. M o rn in g W orship N u rse ry and Sunday School. 
Rev. Joe L. B row n, 
R e ctor — le i 655 2731 or 824 221o. 
CHURCH OF ST. 
STEPHEN 
SOUTHEAST 

3726 S. New Braunfels at IH 37 
4 Minutes from Downtown 
Phone: 534-54o9 
The Rev. Charles H. B e rry Jr., 
Rector 

SU N D A Y : 8 a m. H oly C o m m u­ nion; IO a m. E u c h a ris t/C h u rc h 
School d osse s, n u rse ry. 
T U E S D A Y . 7:3o p m. E u c h a ris t/ 
H ealing. 
W E D N E S D A Y ; 
IO a rn. 
H oly 
Com m union 
ST. GEORGE 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
69o4 West Ave at M ilita ry Hwy. 
The Rev. R. Randolph Cooper, 
Rector 
Church Phone: 342-4261 
Day School Phone: 342-4263 

S U N D A Y ; W orship S e rvice 9.oo 
A M. Sundov School 1o:15 A M 
W orship 
S ervice 
11:oo 
A M 
P ra y e r & P raise 7:3o P.M . 
W E D N E S D A Y : H e aling S e rvice 
7:3o P M. 
T H U R S D A Y : 
H oly 
C o m m union 
6:3o A M . H e aling S e rvice 1o:oo 
A M. Evensong 7:oo P.M . 
S A TU R D A Y : 
H oly 
C o m m union 
8:oo A M. Bible Study. 
ST. L U K E ’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
In Alam o Heights 
The Rey. David P Comegys, Jr. 
Rector 
The Rev. Christopher Jones, Jr. 
Day School Headm aster 
The Rev Douglas E. Thomas 
Assistant 
The Rev C. Jeff K raem er 
Assistant 
The Rev Jam es K. Alcorn 
Assistant 

JEFFERSON 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
7o2 Donaldson Avenue 
732-61o$ 
J O Cash, M inister 
Bible Classes 
9 3o a rn 
W orship IO. JO A M & 6 OO P M 
Y outh 
, 
5 OO p rn. 
W ednesday Services 
7 JO p rn. 
Attended n u rs e ry fo r a ll m e e t­ ings 

MCCARTHUR 
PARK 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
"The End Of Your Search 
For A Friendly Church" 
19o7 N E LOOP 41o 
Phone (24-73o1 
Doyle M aynard. M inister 
B ib le C la ss & C h ild re n s B ib le 
Hour 9 JO A M. 
W orship IO JO A M, A 6 P M 
Ladies B ible Class Tuesday 
IO 
A M 
W ednesday Services 7:3o P M 

SAN PEDRO 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

S II IM S -T o t. 826 7o(9 
JU Jackson Keller at San Pedro 
G B Stanley, M inister 
Sunday Services 
Bible Classes 9 3o a rn 
W orship 
S ervices 
IO: JO a m ,, 
6 oo p m 
W ednesday M idw eek service 7 JO p rn 
N u rsery open a u rm g a ll serv- 

SUNSET RIDGE 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
Brees at im p e ria 
Telephone 834 4548 
M inister. Rey F Osborne 

B ib le Classes —9 l l o rn. W arship 
Services — IO JO a rn. and 6 OO p rn W ednesday Bible Classes — 
IO o rn and 7 JO p m. A tte nded n u rse ry for a ll services 

Community (hutch 
.TBI NHY 
Cilia.'I 

87SO t our winds Or in J) at Seep 4 t( 
"In ter Oenem inetienai 
Cenpregptten et Belve vers 
Paster Alien Bandelet! 
W orship 
| 1$ A M 
• >bi« fellow ship 
9 45 A M 
We* ship 
IO SO A M 
Baby Lite S e rv ile 
• OO P M 
Ween# spur 
C harism atic teaching 
7 3o P M th u rs d a y 
Hum# M*r»Isl* -es 
7 JA P M 
Nursery tar BH SPT vices 

Sunday S ervices: 7:45, 9:oo and 
11 OO a rn and 6 OO p m 
A d ult and 
Y outh classes 
9:45 a rn. 
ST. MARK'S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
DOWNTOWN 
3o7 E ast Pecan at T ra v is P a rk 
Phone: 226 2426 
The Rev. S tanley F. H auser, 
R e cto r 
The Rev. John C. B a ll. J r. 
The Rev. C. Don Baugh 
The Rev. John R. Roan 
The RI. Rev. J. W ilson H u n te r 
The Rev E d na M. D ie ti 
S U N D A Y . 8 OO a rn. H o ly Com rn union 
9 3o 
A M 
H o ly 
Com rn union 
(C hap el) 
1o:3o 
A M . 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
& 
C h u rch 
School. 
M O N D A Y 
T H R U 
F R ID A Y : 
8 3o 
A M . 
M o rn in g 
P ro v e r, 
(C hap elt. 
F R ID A Y : 
11:45 A M 
H e a lin g 
S ervice. (C hapel) 
12 oo 
Noon, 
Holy 
C o m m union, 
(C hopel). 

ST. PA U L’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
1o18 E ast G rayson 
F r. John F. D aniels, R e ctor 

Sunday Masses 8 3o and IO 3o 
.a rn. 
A dult and Y outh Classes 9 3o a.m . 
.W ednesday M oss 1o:oo a rn. 
M oto r f eost D ays 7 & IO a rn. ond 
7 3o o rn. 
Confessions; S a turdays l l - noon. 
WINDCREST 
THE CHURCH OF 
THE RESURRECTION 

59o9 W aliem Road-655-5484 
The 
Rev, 
Jam es 
P 
G idding 
R ector 
Sunday E u c h a ris t 9:oo & l l OO A M 
Sunday School IO OO AM a ll ages 
Licensed o re school 
K in d e rg a rte n 

CHRIST 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
47o2 Broadway In Alam o Hots. 
The Rev. A rthur E. Rode 
The Rev. Harold Moench. 
Pastors 
F irs t S e rvice —8 OO o rn. Sunday. 
Sunday School—9.15 a rn. 
Second S e rvice — IO; 3o a m. 
CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
1826 Basso Rood 
D r. Guido M erkens 
Senior Postor 
Rev. Norm an Abbott, Vst. Pastor 
Rev. Theodore G raalm onn, Asst. 
S U N D AY S S C H E D U L E 
A.M . 
9.oo F irs t service. 
1o OO Sunday School, oil ages. 
11 .oo Second S ervice 
P.M . 
7.oo T h ird S ervice 
7 :oo Sundov School, ages 3-12. 
8:oo Singles ooen house. 
N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D 
HOPE 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH (ALC) 
57)4 Callaghan Rd. 
(3 blocks south of Loop 41o) 
433-7475 — 435-97o1 
Rev. Robert P. Thronson 
Rev. Delmos L. Luedke 
W orship S ervices 8:15 A 
IO 45 a.m. 
A dult Class and Sunday School 
9.3o a rn. 
N u rse ry p ro vid e d fo r both W o r­ ship Services. 
Holy C om m union — F irs t Sunday and T h ird Sunday. 
MCCARTHUR 
PARK 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

"The Hom e-Like Church" 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd 
(7 blks. No. of Loop 41o) 
Ph. 824-713$ 
Postor G W. Schwanenberg 
Assoc. Pastor C. Zim m erm an 
Sunday W orship 8:3o & l l a .rn 
Sundov School: 9:3o a.m . (to r all ages). 
(N u rs e ry p ro vid e d all 3 hours) 
M ilita ry 
P ersonnel espe cially welcom e. 

MT. CALVARY 
EVANGELICAL 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
(Missouri Synod) 
3o8 Mount C alvary D rive 
824-8748 
Albert J. Loeschmon Pastor 
SU N D A Y 
F irs t S ervice 8: 3o A M 
Sundov School ond B ible Class 
9 45 A M, 
W orship Second S e rvice l l A M 
ST. JOHN’S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

5o2 E. Nuevo St 
San Antonio. Texas 782o5 
Piton#: 223 2611 
DOW NTOW N — 1 j block west of 
H e m lsF a lr 
Woald E. B ra u llck and N o rm an H 
A lbertson, Pastors. 

S U N D A Y . F e b ru a ry 13, 1977 
W orship S ervices 8 : 15 and IO: 45 
Sunday School 9:3o A M. 
ST. L U K E ’S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
"T h e F rie n d ly C h u rch " 
514 Sonta Monico St.. 735-o591 
I block w . of Son Pedro 
Postor W. J. Buck 
(Chaplain. Col, USAF, R et.) 
Pastor Em eritus J .F . Vorkooer 
W orship 
S ervice 
1o:45 a m 
(N u rse ry p ro vid e d ) 
Sunday 
School 
9 3o a rn. 
(all ages). 
Counseling S ervices offered. 

LAUREL 
HEIGHTS 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

227 West Woodlawn of Belknap 
733-7156 
Ministers 
Rev. Charles L. Giesler 
Rev. Albert E. Loudon 
Rev. Robert E. Parsons 
Henry Holloway, 
Director of Music 
John C. Schmidt, Organist 
W orship Services 8:3o and 1o:5o a rn. 
R everend 
C harles 
L. 
G iesler 
P reach ing 
"T H E 
SE R M O N 
ON 
TH E 
P L A IN 
C hurch School fo r All Ages 9.45 a rn. 

R E D E E M E R 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
(Missouri Synod) 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Telephone: 732-41 l l 
Rev. Ned M. Bockeimann, 
Postor 
S U N D A Y : 9:15 a .rn. — Sunday 
School 
& 
B ible 
Classes, 
1o.3o a rn. Divine Worship. 

Methodist 
Churches 

^angelical Free Church 

WAYSIDE 
CHAPEL 
2918 Vonce Jackson 
Ph. 344 12o3 
I )o A M E a rly W orship 
9 45 A M Sunday School. 
II OO A M Late Worship 
7 oo P M E ve ning S ervice 
P astor — Stephen P. T ro xe l 

Lutheran 
Churches 

ASCENSION 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

Vernon B rietkrgeti, Posior 
1o4o Donaldson Ave. 
(IO blocks west ot 
Fredericksburg Road) 
Sunday Schedule 
Sunday School. 9; JO A M 
W orship Service, IO JO A M 
Holy 
C om m union firs t 
Sunday eoch m onth 
Come and w o rship w ith us 

BEITEL 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
3515 Austin Hwy 
Poster, Ralph Apiin 

Sunday w o rsh ip se rvice s 
8 OO and IO JO a rn. A d ult class Ona 
Sunday school a l t : IO a rn P ra y* e r and P ra ise on Sunday eve­ nings at o JO N u rs e ry a v a ila b le 

GRACE 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

584 Avenue i at McCullough 
Three Blocks North of The Atame 
Phone 
716 91 JI 
Pastor, Robert J. A d i* 

I OO and IO 45 A M 
« M A M Sunday S' 
W orship hoot 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH, LCMS 
13888 D re a m * * # * 
Telephone 616 6384 
Henry M Birn Po star 
M I BP . M OI* 
,unOav S inoui ana Bito*# Clos 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
51o1 B roo aw ay 
826-3215 
M in is te rs 
O r C otvin W. F ro e h n e r 
R everend H a ro ld C. P erdue 
R everend H a rry C B a m b e rg e r 
R everend Jock C. Bush. Sr, 
T hree m e a n in g fu l h o u rs of w o r­ s h ip a re o ffe re d e o ch S u n d a y , 
8 3o. 9:3o ond IO: 55 a.m . We hope y o u w ill s h a r e th e s p i r i t o f w a rm th and w elcom e am ong o u r fe llo w s h ip .T h e R e v e re n d M r. 
B a m b e rg e r w ill p re a c h a t 8:3o a m . in th e L itt le C h a p e l 
H is m essage w ill be 
"G O D ’S 
G U ID A N C E ". 
A t 9 :3 o a n d 1o.55 a m . in th e 
S a n ctu a ry, w e w ill be p riv ile g e d to hear O r. W illia m T. S tephen son. A d m in is tra tiv e A s s is ta n t to 
M e th o d is m 's D a lla s F t 
W o rth 
E p iscopa l leader D r. Stephenson w ill be p o rt of the c h u rc h 's co n ­ tin u in g G uest P re a c h e rs S e ries, b rin g in g cle rg y m e n (ro m a w ide ra n g e of e x p e rie n c e to s h a re th e ir (aith in our p u lp it. 
C h urch School classes to r alt ages m eet a t 9:3o a rn. C h ild c o re is p ro vid e d d u rin g a ll w o rsh ip services. 
S u n d a y e v e n in g a c t iv itie s to r 
4th 12th grades begin at 4:3o p m. 
COLONIAL 
HILLS UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
5247 vane# Jackson Rd. 
(N o rth at Loop 41o) 
349-24o1 
Rev W illia m M . E asum . P astor 
D e lbert B row n. Associate P astor 
9:45 a rn C h urch School. 
8 45 a rn. and l l a m 
M o rn in g 
W orship. 
6 3o p m. U M Y .F 
P ro g ra m & 
Supoer 
Tues. 7: JO o rn. B ible Study 
6 3o p m. Wed. Y outh Choir 
C all 
69* 5oo2 for in fo rm a tio n 
N u rse ry fo r a ll a c tivitie s. 
LA TRINIDAD 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
JOO San Fernando at Pecos 
Phone 
227 o)44, 734 9692 
Pastor . Rev, A. Ted Grout a 

9 3o A M 
E s c u d o D o m in ic a l en in g le s y e spa nol p a ra to d a s las edodes. (S und ov School in E ng bsh and Spanish tor all ages I 
1o 5o 
A M 
C U LTO 
DE 
AD O R AC tO N 
SERM ON 
Rev A, T . G ro u t Q 
4.3o P M 
E n sa vo C o ro J u v e n il 
(Y o u th C hoir R e hearsal) 
6 oo P M to 7 P M 
C h ild re n s 
C o n firm a tio n Classes 
A oo P M Reunion de D rupes 
7 OO P M C U LTO V E S P E R T IN O fc V A N G EL IS T ICO 
SERM ON Rey. A T. G rou t O 
M id w e e k 
P r o v e r 
S e rv ic e s : 
T hu rsda y at 7 3o P M 
TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
238 « Travis SI 
Phone 
2268141 
M IN IS T E R 
D r. Ralph M. Seder 
You a re w elcom e to Son A n ta mo s G rea t dow ntow n M eth odist 
C hurch located in the h e a rt of th# c ity tor 
I JA ye a rs 
O nly m inutes aw ay bv E xp re ssw a ys and F R E E P A R K IN G O liv e s the street 
W O R S H IP S E R V IC E S a ! IO SO 

ST. M A TTH E W ’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

2738 Bitters Road 
656125o 
(Between Nacogdoches and Broadw ay) 
The Rev. M al H terholier, 
M inister 
The Rev. Winn Alley, 
Intern M inister 

S U N D AY SC H E D U LE 
(N u rs e ry A va ila b le for A ll Sun day E vents) 
8:3 o a .m . E A R L Y S E R V IC E 
9 3o a m. C hurch School (A L L 
AGES) 
1o 5o a rn. 
P R IN C IP A L SERV 
ICE 
J; JO p.m. Y outh C hoirs P ra ctice 
5:3o p.m. 
Snack 
Supper for 
Youth 
6 oo p m . 
U M .Y.F for youth 
71 h 12th grades 
7:oo p.m . E V E N IN G W O RSH IP 
SE R V IC E 
R E G U LA R 
A C T IV IT IE S 
IN 
C LU D E 
Sunday School Classes 
(rom age 2 yrs. w ith 6 A dult classes, 5 C hoirs tor ages 5 yrs. th ru A d u lt; and special a c tiv itie s fo r Y outh, Senior Citizens, Col lege, C a ree r, Singles, and Young 
A dult qroups. 
C O M M U N IO N EACH F R ID A Y at 
6:3o a m w ith b re a kfa st fellow ship follow ing. 
ST. JOHN’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

Northwest San Antonio, 
111 C loudcroft at B andera Rd. 
Telephone: 433-7639 
Rev. A lbert M erubla, Postor 

C hurch 
School classes fo r oil ages, 9 3o a rn. 
M orn ing W orship S ervice 1o.5o a rn 
F e llo w sh ip A C offee fo llo w in g In the Blueroom 
Youth A c tiv itie s B e ginn ing at 5 3o p m. v 
. . 
You a re c o rd ia lly in vite d to w o r­ ship w ith us. 
N U R S E R Y PR O ­ 
V ID E D FOR A L L SE R V IC ES 
WOODLAWN 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
17o1 West Woodlawn Ave. 
Senior Pastor; 
Rev. Poul A. Grout Q. 
Associate Pastor; 
D r. E lm er J. H ierholter 
Lay Pastoral Visitors: M r. Bob 
Hosbrook. M r. Carroll Sigman 

SU N D AY S E R V IC E S : 
Sunday W orship 9 A M. 
New Lockhill E lem entary School 
Catetorium 
5o5o Oe Zavala Rd. 
Second Service 1o:5o A.M. 
17o1 W. Woodlawn 
U .M .Y . Each Sundov 4 to 4 P.M . 
5o84 De Zavala Rd. 

Nazarene 

H ATFIELD 
CHURCH OF 
THE NAZARENE 

45)5 S. Flores 
E E. Rhodes, Postor 
J.W. Cantrell, Associate 
Sunday Services Sunday School 
9,45 a m .: 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
1o:5o a rn. 
(C h ild re n s W orship 
S ervice — 4 yrs. th ru the 4ih g ra d e ). 
Y outh 
S ervices 
6:oo a m .. E ve ning S e rvice 7 OO p m 
W ednesday P ro v e r M eeting, 7:3o p.m. 
(M is s io n a ry 
M eeting last 
W ednesday of m o n th ). 
N u rse ry Is ooen fo r a ll re g u la r services. 

"A CH UR C H W H E R E E V E R Y ­ 
BO DY IS W E LC O M E - NO B IG 
SHOTS, 
NO 
U N IM P O R T A N T 
P E O P L E ." 

FAITH 
CUMBERLAND 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
7815 Oakton Dr. 
(Beside Lee High School) 
Phone: 342-616o 
Rev. R. E a rl Willoughby, 
M inister 
WHO SO E V E R W IL L M A Y 
COME 
Sunday School 9 :45 a m. 
W orship S ervice 11 OO a rn. 
C P Y F , Y outh G roup 6:3o p m. 
FIRST 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
North Alamo and Fourth Sts. 

M IN IS T E R S : 
Louis H. Zbinden Jr. 
Richard G. Ryan 
Robert H. Bullock, H.R., Teaching 
M inisters: 
George M ouze 

M inister-Em eritus 
Dr. Bess Hieronymus, 
Organist-Choir D irector 
S U N D A Y : 9 a .m . W o r s h ip in 
G u th rie B ry a n t Chapel led by D r. 
R y a n ; 9 :3 o a m . S ch o o l o f th e 
C h u rch ; ll a m. W orship, serm on bv D r. John H. 
Leith of R ich ­ m o n d , V a ., 
"W H A T IS T H E 
G O S P E L? "; N u rs e ry and c h ild c a re d u rin g w o rs h ip and s tu d y hou rs. Coffee F ellow ship H o ur In 
M c C u llo u g h R o om a t c lo s e of w o rs h ip ; 4:3o p .m . C h ild re n 's 
C h o ir l l 
R e h e a r s a l; 6 p .m . 
9th 12th g ra d e rs supper and tel lo w s h ip ; 7-9 p .m . S c h o o l of 
R e lig io n ; W E D N E S D A Y : 12:15 p m. M en's Luncheon & S tudy; No fo m lty d in n e r; T H U R S D A Y : 6:15 p m F e llo w sh ip S u pper; talk bv 
M r. Jule Soach, m o d e ra to r of the 
G eneral A sse m bly, P re s b y te ria n 
C hurch US. 

MADISON 
SQUARE 
UNITED 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH U.S.A. 
319 Camden at Lexington 
Phone: 2266254 
W illiam P. Lytle D D., Pastor 
Edwin Rleke, D.M A. 
Organist: Choirm aster 
9 JO a rn. C h urch School. 11:oo a m 
W orship S ervice 
N u rse ry provid ed. C h ild re n s Center 226 
192o. 
(W eekdays 6 3o a rn 6:oo p m ) 

NORTHWOOD 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
518 Pike Place 
824 7218 
W orship S ervice, l l a rn. 
C hurch School, 9:45 a.m . 

Ron Stevenson, 
Help To Come?" 
From W here Is 

ST. ANDREW 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
8231 Callaghan Rd. 
(N ear 1-1o at 41o) 
M inister, W illiam c. Mounts 
C hurch School • 9.3o A M. 
W orship S ervice • 11: OO A M. 

Non Denominational 

THE LITTLE 
CHURCH OF 
LA VILLITA 

Non-Denommotlonal 
5o8 Villita St. 
Rev. David W Edmunds, 
Postor 
Sunday W orship 
S ervice — l l a rn. 
Sunday E ve ning S e rv ic e —6 p rn, 
M id week 
H e aling and 
P ra y e r 
Services. W ednesday night 7:3o p m . 
T hursday m o rn in g 11 OO a rn. 

Presbyterian 
Churches 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
62o1 Broadway 
Newton P. Cox, Jr. 
M inister 
Phone 8268271 

C hurch School 
9:3o a m 
Fellow ship Tim e 
IO, 3o A M . 
Serm on by Rev. Newton P. Cox 
Jr. 
"H A P P IN E S S TH R U 
'M E E K N E S S " 
Youth M eetings 
6 3o P M. 
N u rse ry P ro vid e d 

Religious Science 
CHURCH OF 
TRUTH 
A m em ber C h u rch of R eligious 
Science Los Angeles, C a lito rn ia . 
Dr 
E rnest 
Holm es, 
Fou nder, p ub lish er of the Science o l M ind 
M agazine. 
Sundays, 
1o:45 a.m . 
Services. IO oo a m 
W ord of the 
W eek.'' Classes on m eta physics and p ra c tic a l C h ris tia n ity 
1o:oo a rn. Junior C hurch classes (all school grades) 
C hild care fa cilitie s. 
D r 
A u dre y 
H a nger, 
M in iste r 
(824 /451). 
Son 
P e dro 
Playhouse. 
San 
A ntonio 
P ark. 
(D ia l a 
B lessing, a re corded m e d itation 
828 5581). 
W AR M 
W ELC O M E A W A ITS YOU Sun­ day m orn ing. 
Seventh-Day Adventis 
LAUREL 
HEIGHTS 
SEVENTH DAY 
ADVENTIST 
CHURCH 
7o3 West Ashby Pl. 
(opposite Son Pedro P a rk ) 
732-6898 
Robert Wood. Pastor 
David Evans, Associate Pastor 
S a turday 
Services 
Sabbath 
School 9.3o a rn. Devine W orship 
11:oo a m . Y outh M eeting I H r. before sunset P ro ve r 
M eeting. 
W e dne sday 7:3o b m 
D a rcas 
W elfare Society Tuesday 
1o.oo a m. Sunday AM. 
"V O IC E Ob PR OPHECY 
K K Y X 
United Church of Christ 

T h e U n ite d C h u rc h o f C h r is t c o n tin u e s the m in is trie s of th e 
C o n g r e g a tio n a l 
C h r is tia n 
C h u rc h e s o n d th e E v a n g e lic a l and R eform ed C hurch Since 1957. 
BETHANY 
611 E. M yrtle St. at N. 
Kendall (6 Blocks 
North of IH-35 

 between McCullough 
A St. M ary's) 
224 2655 

Rev. John B Culver, pastor 
W orship, 
1o:45 a m 
C h urch 
School 
9:3o a m 
A d ult 
Bible 
Class, 9. JO a .rn 

C O M M U N IT Y 
44J Hunmcutt Dr. (W W white 
R d , Loop 13, at (HIO) 
333 16o3 
Rev. Thomas N Word 
Worship, 1o:3o a rn. 
PILGRIM CON­ 
GREGATIONAL 
5oo Pilgrim D r. (7 Blocks South of Loop 41o, 1 block West of 
Vance Jackson) 
342-4oJ4 
Rev. Arthur W. Stork, pastor 
Sunday 
School. 
9-4$ 
D ivine 
W orship S ervice t i ;oo a rn 

BEACON HILL 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
HO) West Woodlawn 
713 7149 
M inister: Rev. Joe M. Owen 
Sunday School 9 45 a rn 
W orship S ervice 11 OO a rn 

COVENANT 
PRESBYTERIAN l i t Rotate A N W Loop 4)o 
(At Honeysuckle exit) 
Edwin W althall. Pastor 
Phone 
342 5253 
9 JO a rn. C h urch School tor an ages 
1o 45 a m 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
Service 

CHRIST 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
(Unanimated) 
544o Vonct Jackson Rd. 
I* i miles North of Loop 41o en Vonct Jackson 
Rev J. G rant M cM illan, Pastor 
C h urch 
School, 
1o oo a m 
W orship S e rvice, t i a m , 7 oo p m 
M idw eek 
S ervices 
W ed nesdoy 7:3o 
We a re co n se rva tive , evongei teal and autonom ous, having no 
I annection w ith th# N a tional or 
W orld C ouncil ot C hurches 
We fw d to th# h isto ric P re sb yte ria n b ille t th a t th# B i We is the in spired W ord on God and the only in fa llib le ru le of tai ta and Prue tic# 
O ur c h u rc h a ttars a s p iritu a l horn# to oh who desire to hear the w o rd at G ad w ith out 
C om prom ise 

Affiliated with Unity 
School — Silent U n ity - 
Daily Word Magazine 
Sunday se rvice s l l a rn. at 172J 
Law ndale 
Dr 
(W est oft 
SKX) 
B ro a d w a y) 
Sunday School 9 JO a m , 
A d ult 
Class 
9 JO a rn 
M editation 
IO 35 a m 
Y outh 
Class l l a rn 
T hu rsda y, T ru th 
Class IO JO a rn O ffice ooen IO to 
4 
M onday th ru 
Thursday 
824- 
7)51). 
N o rm o n Olson, 
M inister 
(B u lle tin sent on rogues! 1 

U n ita ria n 

FIRST 
UNITARIAN 
CHURCH 
887 Beryl Or 
Phene, 3464495 
C hurch School and n u rs e ry 
IO JO a rn. 
M o rn in g S ervice 
IO JO a rn 
M inister 
Rey Rolfe G e rh o rd i 

Sermon "D e p t Lev# Too E asily" 

Wesleyan Church 

WESLEYAN 
CHURCH 
3918 West Avenue 
144 4393 , 
E d w a rd D Anpeth. Pastor 
M ik * W ailers, Youth Pastor 
Sunday 
C hue C h Sc hoot 9 45 a n 
W orship S ervice l l OO a rn 
I v # i"n g Ser vice 7 OO p rn w ednesday. Bibi# study and 
P i d ye r 7 JO p m 

A M and 
P M rig at 
Ralph 
J A M 
H 

, Sundays firs t and th ird 

Why 
Doesn 
Some th m at t i OO • M o ly I 
C hitders i h«*p#t 
V JU A M 
— Ch y 
C tasses tar att odes 
S M 
P M 
- 
You 

I M P M • t 
Bey n y 

 f em rn 

 a War u h s — a »tm ##* a at Mr de ' 

Church Directory 
On Next Page 

Fo r further Information on churches listed below 
— 

 see ads appearing on this page 

Church of Castle Hills 
714 Bolete 

Gospel Assembly 
417 Catalina 

First Assembly of God 
83o S E. M ilitary Dr. 

Oak Meadow Assem bly of 
God 
2714 Hunters Green 

Glad Tidings Assem bly of 
God 
2143 So. W W . White Rd. 

Eastside Prim itive Baptist 
Church 
12o6 w. Hem Rd. 

Prim itive Baptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 

Castle Hills First Baptist 
222o H W. M ilitary Hwy. 

Crestview Baptist 
W oliem at Eaglecrest 

Eisenhauer Rd. Baptist 
395o Eisenhauer Rd. 
First Baptist 
515 McCullough 

Lockland Baptist 
2718 Frontier Dr. 

Northridge Park Baptist 
Chevy Chase & Eisenhauer 
Rd 

Manor Baptist 
Manor Dr. at Meredith 

Northeast Baptist 
293o Bitters Rd 

Parkhills Baptist 
14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Shearer Hills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 

University Park Baptist 
23o8 Cincinnati 
Trinity Baptist 
319 E. M ulberry 

G race Baptist Temple 
1978 Basse Rd. 

Huisache Avenue Baptist 
1339 W. Huisache Ave. 

Revival Temple 
131o Texas Ave 

C alvary Chapel 
11o7 w. Hildebrand 

Alamo Heights Christian 
64oo Block N. New 
Braunfels 

Central Christian 
Mom Ave. at Romano 
Ploro 

Community Christian 
Church 
Live Oak Elem . School 
Old Spanish Tr. & Welcome 
Dr. 

Woodlawn Christian 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
First Church of 
Christ Scientist 
5o1 N. Alamo 

Second Church of 
Christ Scientist 
Magnolia — Belknap 

Third Church of 
Christ Scientist 
27oo S. New Braunfels 

First Church (Alam o 
Heights) of Christ Scientist 
1o4 Cloverleaf 

Beacon Hill Church of 
Christ 
937 w. Magnolia 

Son Pedro Church of Christ 
311 Jackson Keller 

Jefferson Church of Chrfst 
7o2 Donaldson Ave. 

Sunset Ridge Church of 
Christ 
Brees at Em poria 
Trinity Church 
875o Fourwinds 

Christ Episcopal Church 
Belknap at West Russell 
The Church of 
Reconciliation 
94o1 Starcrest 
Church of St. Stephen 
3726 S. New Braun fels at 
IH 37 

St. George Episcopal 
Church 
69o4 West Ave. at M ilitary 
Hwy. 

St. Luke's Episcopal 
Corona & Devine Rd. 

St M ark Episcopal Church 
3o7 E Pecan 

St. Paul s Episcopal 
Church 
1o18 E. Grayson 

W ayside Chapel 
2918 Vance Jackson 

Ascension Lutheran 
1o6o Donaldson 
Bedel Lutheran 
2515 Austin Hwy. 

G race Lutheran 
Avenue E at McCullough 

Christ Lutheran 
672o Broadw ay 
King of Kings Lutheran 
13811 Dream wood 
Concordia Lutheran 
1826 Basse Rd. 
Hope Lutheran 
5714 Callaghan Rd. 
M acA rthur Pork Lutheran 
79o3 Nacogdoches Rd. 
Mt C alvary Evan gelical 
Lutheran Church 
3o8 Mount C a lvary Dr. 

St John Lutheran 
5o2 E. Nuevo St. 
St Luke's Lutheran 
S U Santo Monica 
Redeemer Lutheran 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd. 

Alamo Heights Methodist 
51o1 Broadw ay 
Aidersgate United 
Methodist 
Kayton at Palm etto 

Colonial Hills 
United Methodist 
5247 Vance Jackson 

La Trinidad United 
Methodist 
San Fernando y Pecos 

Laurel Heights United 
Methodist 
227 West Woodlawn 

St John s United Methodist 
111 Cloudcroft Dr 

SI M atthew's United 
Methodist 
2738 Bitters Rd. 

Travis Park United 
Methodist 
23o East Travis 
Woodlawn united 
Methodist 
17o1 West Woodlawn 

Hatfield Church 
Of the Notarene 
4515 S Flores 
The Little Church of La 
Villita 
5o1 Villita 

Aloma Heights 
Presbyterian 
62o1 Broadw ay 
Faith Cumberland 
Presbyterian Church 
7815 Ooh ton Dr 
F irst Presbyterian 
North Alamo and Fourth 
Els 
Beacon Hill Presbyterian 
HOI West Woodlawn 

Covenant Presbyterian 
211 Potato A N W Loop 418 
Christ Presbyterian 
544o Vance Jackson Rd 
Madison Se ve re United 
Presbyterian 
JIO Camden ai Lexington 
Northwood Presbyterian 
518 Pike Place 
St Andrew Presbyterian 
8231 Callaghan Rd 

Lau rel Heights 
Seventh Day Adventist 
2o3 Ashby Pl 
Bethany United Church of 
Christ 
OII It M yrtle SI 
Community Untied Church of Christ 
4443 Hwnnicutt Dr 

P ileum Cengi n a tio n a l 
5od Pilgrim Dr 

Unity Chut ck 
I t l l Lawndale Or. 
First Unitarian in I t —to n g 4tB at B e ryl 
Rd westeean Church 
S R I# * * * ! Ave 

Col. Richardson chosen 
Baptist Chaplain o f Year 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Soturdoy Februory 12 1977 
Pogo < 
3-C 

Chaplain (Lt. Col.) 
Thomas M. Richardson, assistant staff chaplain at Headquarters Fifth 
Army, Ft. Sam Houston. is the recipient of the third Texas Baptist Mili­ tary Chaplain of the Year 
Award. 
Col 
Richardson re­ ceived the award at the 
Baptist General Conven­ tion recently held in F’ort 
Worth. 
As assistant 
Fifth 
Army chaplain, Col. Ri­ chardson hel|»s adminis­ ter the training program for 692 Army Natninal 
Guard and Army Reserve chaplains in the 13-states that comprise 
Fifth 
Army. 
He received his B S. degree from the Univer­ sity of North Alabama at 
Florence in 1936 and the 
M. Div. degree from 
Southern Baptist Theolo­ gical Seminary and was ordained into the min­ istry by the First Baptist 
Church in Tuscumbia. 
Ala., iii 1936. 

SAN ANTONIO 
CENTER 
BIBLE 

Dr. Mark G. ('amhran will he the guest speaker at the center at 7:3o p.m. 
Wednesday and Thurs­ day. 

Dr. Cauldron is the founder and president of 
Seaside Mission to the 
Jew s. author of more than 2o Biblical textbooks and co-founder and vice-president of the 
Florida Bible College. 

GLAD TIDINGS A.SSEM- 
BLY OF GOD CHURCH 

The Rev. R. E. Fergu­ son. missionary to Sin­ gapore, w ill be guest speaker at the church at 
1o:3o a m. and 7 p.m. 
Sunday. 
Pastor James Brothers cordially invites the pub­ lic to hear the Rev. Mr. 
Ferguson. The church is located on Loop 13 at 2143 
S.W.W. White Road. 

TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED METHODIST 

Evangelist church ser- viees will be conducted each Sunday evening ut 7 p.m. each Sunday ut the church, 23o E. Travis St 
The Rev. Sid Spain, now in his third year of association with the church will be the pulpit preacher. 

The public is cordially invited to attend. A nur­ sery aivd free parking will be provided. 

JEFFERSO N UNITED 

METHODIST 

A “ Festival of Learn­ ing” will be conducted for six consecutive weeks starting Feb. 28 at the church, 
733 
Donaldson 
Ave. 
The classes w ill be conducted from 7:3o to 9 p.m. Mondays, from 9:3o to ll a m. on Thursdays and will cost from $5 to 
SIO, depending on the course. 
Registration will be accepted through Feb. 
15. For information on the courses offered call 
Dotty Hodgson at 344-4735 or the church office at 
735-5221. 

CONCORD! \ 
LUTHERAN 

Dr. ll. L. Meador, pre­ sident of the church's congregation, announced recently work will begin later this month on addi­ tional parking facilities. 
FORECAST 

SAN A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I 
I V — F a ir and m ild through 
Sundov 
N orthw esterly winds 6 to 15 mph. High tem p eratures 
Saturday in the upper 6os. Lows in the upper JOs 
Sun rises at 
7 16 and sets at 6. 21 Moon is rn the last quarter 
Moon rises at 
2 TO a m and sets at I 16 p.m. 
T e m p e ra tu re s F r id a y ran g ed from 56 to 73 degrees (Notional 
Soother Service forecast ) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 57 per cent os of 6 p m. Frid ay. 
P R E C I P IT A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l rainfall tor the 24 hour period ending at 6 p m Frid ay. .18 of an inch, tor the month. .91 inches. tor the y e a r, 4 OI inches. Ac cum ulated departure from nor­ mal for the month, plus o8 of on inch; for the year. plus 
I 52 inches 
N O RTH T E X A S — Decreasing cloudiness w ith cool tem p e ra tures through Sunday. 
SO U TH t e x a s - F a ir and mild through Sunday. 
W E S T 
T E X A S - G e n e ra lly toir and cool through Sunday 
N A T IO N A L — Rom will spread across the central ond eastern 
Gulf slates with a tbw thunder- showers rn Aiooom a ond north west Fiondo. Ham is also likely from the middle and lower Mis stssipp i V o lle y into the O hio 
Volley, the Appalachians, south e m G re a t L o k c s reg io n , the middle Atlantic states and the 
C arolin as. T h ere wit! also De showers rn the northern sections of the Pacific Coast and Plateau. 
Skies will dc cloudy across the northern Great Lakes Dut will De clear or partly cloudy elsewhere. 
Temperatures will be mild over the eastern third of the nation It will be a little cooter from the northern and central portions of tne Plains and Mississippi Valley into the western sections of the 
Oh<o V alle y and G reat L ak es 
W orm er readings ore forecast tor tne southern P lain s and it will remain mild rn the West 

M A R IN E 
W IN O S — Southeasterly winds 
17 to 27 mph Seas five to seven feet 
T ID E S — P o rt A ra n s a s for 
Sunday 
Highs of 12 5/ p m and v o9 p rn Lows of 4 .is o m and 
5 J ' p m . P o rt Isabel tor Sun day 
H ighs at I 56 o rn ond ill Od p rn Lows al 5 23 o rn and 
J lo p rn 
T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, I degree below ie ro at 
Houlton, Marne 
H ig h e s t. 9o d e g re e s a t P a lm 
Springs. Cant 

G R E A T E R SAN AN TO N IO 

Flooding possible 

 a s s o c ia t e m s s 

Rain brought the possibility of river and flash 
Hoods Friday as rain continued to fall over most of 
North and Southeast Texas. 
Fog was also evident over most of the stale 
A thick blanket of clouds covered the entire state except for the San Angelo area where clear skies were reported early in the morning. 
Fog was reported also over most of the state reducing visibilities to two miles or less. 
The National Weather Service issued flood watches for portions of North Central Texas and along the Upper Gulf Coast. 
The service said that the Brazos, Little Navasota, 
San 
Jacinto, Trinity, 
Guadalupe, and 
Lavaca rivers were expected to rise considerably in the next 
12 hours with some of them reaching the bankful stage. 

JA N ANTO N IO 

P R E C IP IT A T IO N 

N O R T H W ES T 

1977 
1974 
Av*. 
Nae 
Jon 
3 IO 
o 56 
I 74 
I 17 
Fab 
ORI 
8 l l 
I 45 
7 l l 
1974 m s 
Ava. 
■ac 
Mot 
1 2o 
o 57 
I 47 
4 19 
Apr 
547 
7 39 
7 78 ll 64 
MOV 
5 8o 
69) 
3 45 
14 o7 
Jan 
IA I 
4 6o 
7 95 
IO 44 

Ju ly 
S JR 
o 64 
I 69 
I l l 
Aug 
7o9 
I 77 
7 36 ll 14 
Sw * 
3 79 
o SI 
4 59 
15 78 
O d t i t 
7 75 
73o 
9 56 
NOV 
7 46 
o o3 
I 37 
6 79 

Dec 
I 95 
I 48 
I 75 
6 77 

Los Vt’ga-. 
4o 
75 
oo 

Phoenix 
33 
75 
OO 

Sail Lake Cliv 
3o 
5o 
OO 

San Diego 
5o 
8o 
OO 
SO UTH C E N T R A L 

Kansas Cliv 
39 
58 
OO 

Louisville 
.1o 
67 
OO 
Memphis 
38 
58 
OO 
Oklahoma Cliv 41 
5o 
OO 
St Louis 
43 
6) 
OO 
Wichita 
35 
53 
OO 

SO U T H EA ST 

Atlanta 
,17 
61 
OO 
Birm ingham 
35 it 
OO 
Charleston 
79 
67 
OO 
Jacksonville 
78 
7o 
OO 
New Orleans 
35 
73 
OO 
Raleigh 
75 
68 
OO 
Richmond 
?7 
7o 
OO 
Tampa 
39 
76 
OO 

Bism arck 
76 
33 
OO 
Boise 
23 
36 
OO 
Clasper l l 
3/ 
OO 
Helena 
38 
49 
O ’. 
Portland. O rc 35 
o? 
Rapid City 
3o 
OO 
San Francisco 49 
69 
OO 
Seattle 
37 
54 os 
Spokane 
31 
48 
OO 

N O RTH C E N T R A L 

Chicago 
35 
OO 
Detroit 
36 
43 
OO 
Duluth 
32 
47 
OO 
Indianapolis 
38 
S3 
OO 
M ilwaukee 
33 
3* 
OO 
Minn St. Pout 77 
SO 
.oo 
Omaha 
72 
59 
OO 
SH Ste M arie 77 
33 
OO 

 n o r t h e a s t 

Boston 
78 
45 
OO 
Buffalo 
35 
43 
OO 
Cleveland 
37 
34 
OO 
Columbus 
38 
56 
117 
New York City 16 
53 
OO 
Philadelphia 
JI 
OO 
Pittsburgh 
24 
5o 
OO 
Portland- Me 
12 
35 
OO 
Washington 
2o 
63 
OO 

F O R E IG N 

Based on oOservaho os take at 
6 o rn Frid ay San Antonio lim e 
Temper alure-, are in Four en tied 
• lefti and Centigrade I 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Son Antonio 
56 
I i 
.73 

SO UTH T E X A S 
Ferecost 
Austin 
53 
68 
1.47 
Brownsville 
66 
75 
OS 
CHV 
Tem prature 

Corpus Christi 51 
68 
6o 
Cotulla 
52 
74 
.o7 
Sal 
Sun. 

Dei Rio 
52 
74 
OO 
Junction 
69 
.IO 
Am arillo 
32 62 
32 6 J 
Victoria 
61 
69 
21 
Foir. mud 

T E X A S 
Austin 
38 61 
38 68 
ADOene 
36 
66 
o8 
Clear, mild 
Alpine i i 
61 
.o3 
Laredo 
38 68 
38 6o 
Am arillo a 
48 
.7? 
Clear, mild t i Paso 
J I 
65 
OO 
Corpus Christi 
4o 7o 
4o 66 
Fort Worm 
38 
56 
I 17 
Clear, mild 
Houston 
54 
71 
o6 
Victor to 
4o 7o 
4o 68 
Lu O O O tk 
36 
56 
.21 
Clear, mud bulkin 
53 
68 
U 
Donas Fort Worth 
IS 58 
35 6o 
Son Angelo 
5o 
63 
o4 
Fa ir. mud 

W a c o 
67 
2 75 . 
McAllen Brow nsville 45 7o 
35-65 

SO U T H W EST 
Clear, mild 
Denver 
19 
55 
OO 
Houston 
35 7o 
35 65 
Honolulu 
64 
82 
OO 
Foir. mild 
Los Angeles 
53 
8G 
OO 

City ........... 

Aberdeen 
Amsterdam 
Ankara 
Antigua 
Amen* 
Auckland 
Berlin 
Beirut 
Birmingham 
Bonn 
Brutter 

Cent 

M E X IC O 

(M e x ic a n tcm p e pear in Dom ( a h r e r 
Centigrade or Celsius heft ik lilied tir»t column ) 
A capo ic o 
GuOda aiarg 
43 o7 
Mutation 
61 16 
Mexico City 
M onterrey 
53 I? 

OCK 

88 31 
79 26 
84 29 ll ll 

BISHOP LOVERN 
. . . leads crusade 

In 23 years, the church, now with a membership of 35.5oo has enlarged its building and parking de­ sign many times. The expansion should be completed by Easter 
Sunday. 

AGUDAS ACHIM 

SANCTUARY 
The j\ gild as A ch im 
Men’s Qui) will present their second annual 
“ Evening of Jewish Mu­ sic.” at 8 p.m. in the sanctuary, at 12o1 Don­ aldson Ave. 
The musical program will feature Cantor Louis 
Goldhirsh and the 
Agudas Ach im Choir. 
The public is invited to tile free concert. 

TRINITY BAPTIST 

CHURCH 
Robert Hale, leading buss-baritone with the 
New York City Opera 
Company and 
Dean 
Wilder, director of vocal studies at William Jewell 
College of Liberty. Mo.. will perform at ll a.m. 
Feb. 2o i i i tilt' church. 
The two also will pre­ sent a sacred concert at 7 p.m. 
Feb. 2o in the 
Shearer H ills Baptist 
Church. 
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN 
( 111 R C II 
Dr. John Leith, proles­ sor of Theology at Union 

Theological Seminary in 
Richmond, Va., will be the guest speaker at the ll am . church service 
Sunday. 
His subject w ill be 
“ What is the Gospel ’” 
J tile Spach of W in­ ston-Salem, N.C. w ill speak following a dinner at 
6:15 p.m. in the church. 
Spach is moderator of the Presbyterian Church in the United States and lias been a missionary to 
Brazil for 25 years. 

SANFORD CHAPEL 
UNITED METHODIST 

A combined evangelis­ tic crusade w ill be launched by the Jones 
Chapel and Sanford Cha­ pel United Methodist 
Churches Sunday. 
Bishop J. Chess Lovern will lead the first service at 6 p.m. in the Sanford 
Chapel. The guest choir will be from the Mace­ donia Baptist Church. 

HUISACHE 
A V EN U E 
BAPTIST CHI RC II 

Forty-one Christ tan trail riders will be riding in for the IO a.m. Sunday 
School at 
Huisache 
Avenue Baptist Church. 
Led by T rail 
Boss 
(laud Bonam Jr.. 29 of the trail riders will finish a two-day ride from the 
Pot O’ Gold Ranch in 
Comfort, Tex. 
The other 12 riders, led bv Bobby McMeans, will come from the Christian 
Corral Ranch in New 
Braunfels. 
Also at the church, a film entitled “ Tile Grim 
Reaper" will be shown at 
7:3o p.m. 

CAMELOT C HRISTIAN 

CENTER 

The Missions Evange­ listic Party, the Hair- grove Cornily and Daystar will lie the guests at the 7 p.m. missionary rally 
Sunday tn the center. 
The groups will minis­ ter — us they have in 
Europe for the past y e a r 
— with special music and speaking. 

PREE SPIRIT is the name of this group of Christian collegians who are taking a year off from school and jobs in a full-time musical ministry. They are sponsored by the Free Methodist Church of 
North America. They will be in San Antonio next week at the following locations: Thunderbird Hills Free Methodist Church at 8 p.m. Friday Feb. I 8 and I I a.m. Feb. 2o; Castle Hills Baptist 
Church Feb. I 9; Lackland AFB at 7 a.m. Feb. 2o; South Flores Free 
Methodist Church at 7:3o p.m. Feb. 2o; and Ft. Sam Houston Feb. 
21. 
Pornography’s challenge m et 

Bishop scores fselF addicts 

According to the new 
Episcopal 
Bishop of 
Maasachusctts, Am eri­ cans are so increasingly wrapped up with them­ selves that the nation is iii trouble. 
Bishop 
John 
B 
Coburn, elevated last fall to head one of the church’s oldest largest dioceses, says that iii re­ cent years many people have lapsed into “ a feeling of pointlessness, that nothing they do matters, with a resultant withdrawal into insulat­ ing private obsessions and indulgences.” 
“ It ’s the dropout syndrome.” he added. 
“ un attitude that the na­ ture of society has be­ come so im placably complex that it makes no difference what a jR-rson does. 
" It ’s an undercurrent that endangers the future of the country. The net effect is continual erosion. 
But Bishop Coburn said he sees signs of renewal in the church and society, including politics. 
“ There is an infinite hope that doesn’t with­ draw’ from the d iffi­ 

 culties and frustrations and tragedies of life, that enables people to accept them and move through them. 

Across the nation con­ cerned citizens are wres­ tling with the challenge of stemming the tide of filth and pornography without losing the essen­ tial guarantees of free­ dom of expression in our society. 
News reports of the conviction this week of 
Larry Flynt, abrasive publisher of Hustler Ma­ gazine. on charges of or­ ganized crime have re- minded Americans of the sordid company porno­ graphy keeps. 
Many cities, including 
San Antonio, have been working at the problem of the spread of porno­ graphy shops, theaters, and massage parlors through zoning laws. 
The United States Su­ preme Court upheld the law of the city of Detroit in recent months and gave a new lease on life for this approach 
Turning tide 
The tide is turning in the attitudes of Am eri­ cans concerning cheek­ ing the downward trend of morals in the com­ munication media. 
Sophisticated, cultured advocates of freedom are beginning to speak out against the total permis­ siveness of this society. 

It is true that a great assault on the restraints of pornography has been made in the past decade. 
The report of the Unit­ ed States Commission on 
Pornography was 

Jimmy k . Allen 
Pallor. 
First Baptist Church 

 d a lly rejected by the 
President during the 
Nixon administration. 
Free expression 

It contained a sus­ tained attack on res­ traints of any kind on sexual expression 
It cited Denmark as the great example of a les­ sening of some kinds of sexual crim es where there is unrestrained pornography. 
Dr. Victor Cline, a clinical psychologist, has performed an excellent service by examining the basic research 
(rom which that commission drew its conclusions. 
In his book, “ Where Do 
We Draw the Line,” he shows how the commis­ sion staff, so cager for their pre-conceived con­ clusions, had ignored their own research find­ ings as well as many others. 

Significantly, the New 
York Tim es (Feb. I, 
1976) also reported a new tightening up of controls on pornography by the 
Danes. 
The problems of res­ traint on pornography are complex 
Tilt' downward spiral of morals involved in the flow of smut in theaters, newsstands, clubs, ami so forth is unmistakable. 
Bestiality, brutality, child abuse arc the prime materials for the latest pornography. 

Insatiable 
The naive hope that 
Am ericans would be bored with explicit sex and that the problem would go away has pro­ ven untrue. Columbia 
Professor Steven Marcus is right when he calls tin* porn impulse "in s a tla- hie.” (Time, Apr. 5.1976, pg 63). 
Concerned citizens should support common efforts in a community to clean up the newsstands, theaters, and other me­ dia. 
Decadence is never ex­ cusable. It takes its ulti­ mate toll in human life. 
Someone has said that if God were not to punish 
America for Us fill Ii, He would have to apologize to ancient Sodom and 
Gomorrah 

T h e o lo g ia n visits 

Swiss-Germau theolo­ gian Dietrich Ritschl will be tin* guest of the liar- 
Lindale 
Presbyterian 
( burdi Sunday following 
Ins ll a in. sermon in the 
M argarite B 
Parker 
Chapel at Trinity Uni­ versity. 
Dr. Ritschl is the auth­ or of a Theology of Pro­ clamation and a profes­ sor of systematic theo­ logy at Germany’s Uni­ versity of Mum/ 
Author of numerous articles and speaker in churches and univer­ sities on both sides of (he 
Iron Curtain, Dr. Ritschl has served as pastor to a congregation in Scotland, 

 and as professor in the 
Austin 
Presbyterian 
Theological Sem inary, the Pittsburgh Theologi­ cal Seminary and Union 
Seminary in New York 
Area clergy will attend a coffee for Dr Ritschl at 
3 p.m. Sunday in the 
Harlandale social hall 
Dr. Ritschl also w ill speak on the “ Historical 
Roots of Today s Cults" at 
6 39 p.m. in the church's sanctuary, *.. . 

 r o tu r e s od h e n a n a t a h r en 

TNE THRASHER M O S. 
Friday, Fab- 23th 
7:3o P.M . 
Sam Houston High School Auditorium 
Advance Tickets $4.oo 
$S.OO at Door 
Famiiy ticket $1o.oo Advance price only 
Available Christian Book Stores 

NEW LIFE CENTER 
POSITIVE T H IN K IN G AT ITS BIST 
ADULT SUNDAY SCHOOL lOsOO A.M. 
CHURCH SIR VICL 
11:oo A.M. 
Sermon Subject 
“ DO IT YOURSELF" 

om «ed Am ft Beedi, JO end Fat Nanty 
KOGER EXECUTIVE CENTER 
(babcock A Loop 41o) 
4342 Piedras Dr. (NMM nom* 
Suite 2 SO 

NTY 
875o FOURWINDS DR. 
IN 35 of loop 41o 
J ^ J I PASTOR AUEN RANDOLPH 

AN INTM -O CNO M INATIO NAl CONGREGATION 
O f RELIEVERS a 

8:15/1o:5o AM 
•‘RELEASING CREATIVE POWER*1 

How to ba whole...at God intends. 
John 5:1-9 

9*45 AM 
LEARNING HOUR FOR A ll AGES 

Sanctuary class/ft McPherson 

6:oo PM 
CELEBRATION OE PRAISE 

Celebrating the life of Jesus os expressed 

V in His Body 

MB—MI—rn—Trff-Trrrrreiemwi 
**... em eer tpJ m the 
C M i Hm n w mwwlty ta b t terne M a t Js m m Intended ... e pestl e, h eel. 
Ittige liiflifc amala rn km m Ii««ruin* inn -■-» 
** mP effmenee *■” rn Pw* t™b ear alw wee - 

JOHN HAGEE 
Pastor 

9:3o A JI. 
••A Free 
Spirit" 

1o:3o AJA 
How Is Your 
Heart? 

SUNDAY EVENING 
6:oo P.M. 
Charismatic 
Warship Hear 

O x 
A t e a* ta w I t 

 vs atta Wax3 e t CaxMaal 

A e x a e — a x e .a w x .ia l 

 l r Ila* dup of 

Ft engr lire! Hr lies r rh 

H A L E A M U W 
I L D E R I M C O N C E R T 

FEB R U A R Y 2oth 

 in n > ,1.1/. 

I runts iiapti*i Mum Ii 
J Pf I UM M ullan* 

^<4ii Xiii*nut*, ir u * 

T OO B M. 
Mit erer ll ilia Rapt im Church 
HRJ I ‘blair 

>an Viitmiio, I ‘rte* 

111— Deaths 

BARR 
Guy Barr of Rt. I. Box 157, passed away Thursday, Feb IO, 1977. 
Funeral service Saturday, Feb. 
U, 1977 at 9:oo a rn. al St. James 
The Apostle Church. Interment to follow in M ission Burial Park 
Arrangements by 

 r n 

M ISSIO N I*\ Kk 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S I Military Or 

C O W A N 
M R . 
H O G A N 
J. 
COW AN. 177 Cork­ wood, born in 
Covington, T exas 
Sept. 13, 1894, entered rest 
Fridoy, Feb ll, 1977 at the age of 
82 years. 
S E R V IC E S M O N DAY, 2 P M 
ALAM O C H A P E L S with Rev. Clyde Byrd officiating and interment to follow in Sunset 
Memorial Pork Survivors Wife, 
Mrs. Gertrude Cowan; daughter, 
M iss Mary L. Cowon, City, sever­ al n ieces and nephew s. M r. 
D ow an w as a m em ber of the 
Methodist Church and has been a resident of San Antonio for the oast 17 years. Services under the direction of a m em ber of The telon Cude Family 
TA* jS/oa 
225-5731 
N Alamo at Brooklyn 

D U B U I S S O N 
M rs Louise F. Du Buisson. 73. of 
5311 Keystone, died Thursday, 
Feb IO, 1977. Beloved mother of 
Rev William R DuBuisson, OM I and Donald J DuBuisson; sister 
Of M rs Anne Wueste of San An tonio and M rs Betty Lowrance of 
Waukeegan, IIL. and of Matthew 
M 
Fox, Andrew O 
Fox and 
Thomas J. Fox otOttawo, It! Also survived by eight grandchildren ond num erous nieces and ne phews M rs DuBuisson was Pre sident of Com m ercial Kitchen 
Repair, Inc. She was a member of the National Restaurant Assn 
Texas Restaurant Assn , an of fleer of St Luke’s Credit Union, director of the Commercial Food 
S e rv ice 
E a u ip m e n t 
A ssn member of the Greater San An tom o Ch am be r of Com m erce. 
Anacacho Chapter of the National 
Secretaries Assn., Oblate Parents 
Club, Grotto Guild. Past Texas 
G ove rn or of the In ternational 
Federation of C A T H O L IC Alum nae. Past President of Our Lady of the Lake College Alumni, and member of the Glenn Oaks Gar den Club. Pallbearers 
Donald 
Jay DuBuisson, D avid D u Bu is son, 
M ik e 
Flyn n , 
M atth ew 
W ueste, J a m e s W ueste. G u s 
Wueste, Jr. A vigil service will be held Sunday evening at 7:3o p m at St. Luke's Catholic Church. 
Rev Andrew Wueste, O M I, of belating Funeral M ass Monday 
IO 3o a rn. at St. Luke's Church, 
Rev William R DuBuisson. OM I and Rev. B rian W allace. O M I, 
Celebrants. Interm ent in Holy 
Cross Cemetery 
Arrangements tov 
THE A N G E L U S F U N E R A L 
HO M E 
227-1441 
Henry Guerra 
I M - i uDfral Directors 

IS I— Deaths 

 a very srtrut 
WARMTH. 

P o r t t e r L o r i n g 
MORTUARY 

I lot McCu llo ugh 277 8221 

M. £ RODRIQUEZ 
FUNERAL HOME 

Pro-Need Arrangements 
SII Guadalupe St. 
226-6111 

FROEHNER 
Rev Walter L Froehner, age 92. of Kerrville, Tex., died Thursday, 
Feb IO, 1977, in Kerrville He had retired atter serving 67 years as a minister in the Southwest Texas 
Conference of the M e th o d ist 
Church Hp hod been pastor of the form er H a ck b e rry M e th o d ist 
Church and hod served as a s ­ sociate p a sto r of A ld e rsg a te 
Methodist Church in San Antonio. 
S u rv iv o rs: 
Sons, N o lan W 
Froehner. Dimmitt, Tex., R. B. 
Froenher, Flatonia, Tex., Or. 
Calvin W Froehner, Son Antonio; four grandchildren; brother, B 
A Froenher, Cost, Tex Service 
Saturday at ll o'clock at Alders- gote United Methodist Church, 
Bishop J Chess Lovern, the Rev 
Horold H. Zirkel, Or. Ted R i­ ch ardson , and the Rev 
G u s 
Schulze officiating Following the service here, Rev Froenher will be taken to Monthalto Methodist 
Church for service at 3 o’clock, the Rev David Crabtree official m g 
In te rm e n t in M o n th a lia 
M ethod ist Cem etery. A r r a n ­ gements with 
Hurter Loring i tot McCullough 777 *221 

H A M P T O N 
Emmett w Hampton, of 1829 Po sodena, passed aw ay Feb 
IO, 
1977 at a local hospital at the age of 7o veors Su rvive d bv son, 
C h arle s Em m ett H am pton of 
Boca Roton, FIO.; daughters, 
Mrs. John Hagen, New Braunfels, 
Texas. M rs Edw ard H. Meyer, 
San Antonio,-Texas, also five grandchildren. Mr. Hampton was a life member of The American 
Riflemen's Association. Funeral services will be held 1o:oo a m 
Monday at Oak Hills Chapel with 
Rev Joseph Miller. Jr. In lieu of 
Bowers donations may be made to 
Boy Scouts of Am erica Alam o 
Area Council. Arrangements with 
(Soh fills 
ROSA Frederick tburg 
OOO 7111 

H IL L 
Mrs. Ruby A Hilt, of Box 141, 
Natalia. Tex., passed away Feb ll. 1977 in a local hospital at the oge of Bt years Survivors Sons, 
George Hilt, Houston, Tex., Mart 
Hill, Livingston. Tex., Alfred Hill, 
Broken Arrow, Okla and Bobby 
Hill, California, daughters, Cathy 
Lane, Pleasanton, Tex , Virginia 
Richardson. Natalia. Tex , Anna 
Donaldson, Bristow. Okla., Cecil 
Com bes!, Houston, Tex , and 
Groce White, Ace, Tex , brothers. 
C la re n ce and O liv e r A d am s. 
Gladewater, Tex. Mrs. Hill will lie in Rate from IO OO a.m. Monday until service time at the Church of 
Christ. Natalia, Tex. Funeral ser vices will be held 3:oo p rn Mon day at the Church of Christ, N a­ talia, Tex. Interment will follow in 
Evergreen Cem etery, Devine, 
Tex Arrangements with 
Hrnnhtbill 
711 J E Military Dr 
923 7)23 

IO!— Deaths 

LUNA 
Mrs. Lena G. Luna, of 135 Teresa, passed away Feb ti, 1977 in a local hospital at the age of 82 ye ars. Survivors: D a u gh te r, 
M a ry Jane Rodrigu ez; son-tn- law, Joe R. Rodriguez; gra n d ­ sons, Joe Robert. Jr., Stephen 
Richard and Gilbert Arthur Ro­ driguez; brothers, Charlie V. and 
John V Garza; sisters. Josephine 
Ramirez ond Victoria Rodgers; ten great gran d ch ild re n , one breot-great grandchild, several nieces and nephews, all of whom loved her very much Rosary will be recited J :OO p.m. Sunday at 
B ro o k e h ill Ch apel. 
F u n e ra l procession will depart Brookehill 
Chapel at 9:3o a m Monday tor a 
1o:oo o rn. M oss to be offered at 
St Leo s Cathotic Church. Inter­ ment will follow in San Jose Burial 
Park Arrangements with 
Mraahibill 
/It S E. Military Dr. 
923-7523 

MILLER 
Louise M. Miller o! RI. 7, Box 5o9X oassed awav Wednesday. Feb 9, 
1977. Funeral services Saturday, 
Feb 12 at 2 oo p.rn in Mission 
Pork Funeral Chapel Interment to follow in Mission Burial Park 
Arrangements bv 

MISSION P\KK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
I 7oo S i Military Or 

L O W E 
S M Sat Lew Ruse Lowe, USAP ret of 1434 Meadow Knoll, passed awav Feb 9, 1977, at a loeol ho spital at the oge of 63 years Sur- vived bv wife, M rs EIM K. Lowe; daughters. Doris K. Lowe, Austin. 
Texas, 
B a r b a r a 
Brow n, 
Lafayette. Lo., M isse s Patricia rind P e ggy Lowe; sister. M rs 
Margarete Livermore, ail of Son 
Antonio Funeral services will be held 12 OO pm . Monday at Broo- kehill Chapel Interment with full military honors will follow in Fort 
Sam Houston National Cemetery. 
Honorary pallbearers are Arthur 
Coates. Steve Brister, Billy S. 
Howell. Oick Moore. B C. Massey and C la u d e B ra w n . A r r a n ­ gements with 

Mrim kchUl 
71! S t Military Or. 
. 923-7523 

1o5 CEMETERY BUR I ALLOTS 

*: a dio in T n ^ e m e te ry lo z sT M iT sion Bu rial Pork, Section 925 
Reasonable 826 589o 
C O M P A N IO N Burial Lots, beau tiful section of Southside Mission 
Burial Pork Both lots tor $8oo atter 5 coll 696*o376____________ 

114— Funeral Directors 

ANGELUS rUMCVAl HOM! 
MtNBY OUIRBA 
*o2 W How*ton 
237 J,4*I 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

2?7 3136 
Riebe- Saunders 
Chapels 

1119 N St. Mary's 

&ourti6tbe 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FIORES 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 
John M. Grimes, Director 

 firnnkrhtU 
711 $.« NM It ory e l).I 
(Doh SHIb 
BOS* Fredericktown Rd BBA-7111 
S r iIrreal 
2ooo$. W W WH*# Rd 337-4o8: 

P a lm fir tahiti 

J Z H So Z « . o - ~ o 
9 34 -4S68 

828*2811' 
For all funeral needs 

SUNSET 
F u n e r a l H o m e , 

A M E R IC A S F IN E S T F U N E R A L F A C IL IT IE S 

IT* 
I 
Vamo 

F U N E R A L H O M E 

I 
Farm, food policy sought 

Delegates and mem­ bers al' the 
National 
Farmers Union will seek a new beginning towards a com prehensive farm and food policy during their 75th annual conven­ tion here March 5-9. 
Tony Dechant. N E U president, said the new policy will seek to assure farmers and consumers of som e stability and predictability in future prices. 
More than 3.oo(1 dele­ gates and visitin g members are expected lo attend the convention. 
“ Our principal focus will he on how we can help bring about a na­ tional food policy which will sustain abundant production while ena­ bling producers to earn returns which will keep them in business.” De- chant said in a press re­ lease 
Adoption of a 1977-78 policy statement, with recommendations on na­ tional and international food trade policy, will be the major official busi­ ness of the convention, he said 
U S Secretary of A gri­ culture Bob Bergland is selle<luled to deliver the keynote banquet address and U S. Secretary of 
Labor F Ray Marshall is another speaker. 
Among others expected to talk during the meet­ ing are U S. Rep 
Des 
Aspin of Wisconsin. II.S. 
Sen 
John M elcher of 
Montana and Mrs. ('Oret­ ta Scott King. 

Services today for 
J minister 

Funeral services for the 
Rev 
W alter 
L 
Fm ehner, former asso­ ciated pastor of Alders­ gate Methodist Church, arc at ll a in. Saturday at the church. 5o2 Kay ton 
Av e 
The 
Rev 
M r 
Froehner. 
92. died 
Thursday iii Kerrville 
He had retired alter serving H7 years as a minister iii the Southwest 
Texas Conference ol the 
Methodist Church 

He is survived by three sons, Nolan W Froehner of Dimoit. R. B Froeh-- ner of Flatonia and Dr. 
Calvin W. Froehner of 
San Antonio; a brother, 
B A. Froehner of Cost, and four grandchildren 

B isho p J. Chess L o ­ vern, the Rev. Harold IL 
Zirkel Jr., Dr. Ted Kl- ehardson and the Kev. flus Schulze will officiate at the funeral sen ices. 

B u rial will be iii 
Monthalia Methodist Ce­ metery'. 
• 

Bishop has warm socks 

S P O K A N E . 
W ash 
(A P ) — Although the 
White House suggested keeping home tempera­ tures down to HS to save fuel. Homan Catholic Bi* j shop Bernard Tope!, 73. 
I already has a custom of keeping his house at 42 degrees, 
Keason lur the low temperature is to “ save money for the poor,” wrote the bishop in his weekly colum n rn the 
Spokane diocesan newspaper, the Inturn! 
Register 
He wears thermal un­ derwear and ski socks lo keep warm at home 

6 charged in raid of adult bookstores 

By D A V ID M C L E M O R E 
San Antonio Police vice officers arrested six men during a raid of four adult bookstores Friday. 
The men arrested, including two store owners, were charged with a total of 12 counts of commercial obs­ cenity before Night Magistrate Quon 
Lew and held in lieu of a $1,5oo bond per count per man 
Judge Lew also issued warrants for 
13 counts of commercial obscenity on four other men in connection with the vice raid. 
•* 
Those arrest«’<) and (barged Satur­ day were: William Parrish, 52, 23o2 
Monterrey St .; Elliott Garner, 33. 32o1 
El Monte St.; David Hall. 1929 N. New 
Braunfels Ave.; Richard A. Martin. 25, 
HU Overhill Drive : Charles R. Kimble, 
25, 58oo Medina Base Rd and Eufemio 
Santana, 25. 2515 Clara Lane. 

4 stores 

The arrests were made during a sweep of four stores: Galleria Adult 
Book Store, H724 San Pedro Ave.; 
Arm y-Navy News, 4958 SW M ilitary 
Drive; P a ris News. 1929 N 
New 
Braunfels Ave. and Book Mart. 2o18 
Broadway. 
Nine vice officers under the direction of Vice ( apt James DesPres made the raids early Friday afternoon , 
District attorneys office representa­ tives accompanied the officers of the raids Justices of the Peace Leo Men­ doza. J. P. Gutierrez and Phil Harris held adversary hearings for those ar­ rested at the four stores 
Police said the arrests we re on sales made Saturday and for sales made by under over vice officers over the past two weeks. 
A large quantity of magazines. 8mm mov ie film s and sex paraphernalia were confiscated during the raids, po­ lice said 
An attorney in the D A ’s office said they would try to serve warrants on those named in the raid but not ar­ rested at the earliest possible time. 

Nixon lauded for role in environm ent 

A m y C arter, lo o kin g very gro w n up, prepares to board a helicopter Friday at the W hite H ouse with one of the family dogs, J.B. The first family left W a sh in g ­ ton for Plains, G a ., w here they will spend the weekend. 

By J IM M O O D 

Although now in d isrep u te, former President Nixon did a lot to help protect the environment, a professor who helped write the law said here Friday. 
Dr. Lynton K. Caldwell, known as the “ Father of the National Environ­ mental Policy Aet," said Nixon was a staunch supporter of the aet up until the time he got preoccupied with Wa­ tergate and impeachment 
“ He gave strong support for a year and a half — probably the strongest support of any president,” Caldwell told a sem inar at the University of 
Texas at San Antonio. 
“He was a good friend of the envir­ onm entalist,” Caldwell said as he traced the history of NEPA. 
Influence lost 

During and after the impeachment proceedings against Nixon the Council on Environmental Quality, a key ad­ visory group, lost much of its influence and power, he continued. 
In addition to appointing influential people with strong environmental con­ victions. Caldwell recalled that it was 
Nixon who stopped a project to cut a barge canal across Florida 
Man gets 45 years for 3 heroin cases 

A 42-year-old San Antonio man has been sentenced to 45 years in prison and 45 years on parole in connection w ii Ii possessing and distributing her­ oin. 

David Talamantes Tenorio was sen­ tenced by U.S. Chief Bist. Judge 
Adrian Spears to serve three 15-year prison terms consecutively. 

Tenorio was convicted Dee. 3(1 of conspiring to possess heroin with in­ tent to distribute. 

He was also convicted of aiding and abetting in the distribution of 12 grams of heroin to an undercover police of­ ficer. In each ease. Judge Spears said 
Tenorio would serve 15 years in prison and be placed on special parole 15 years. 
In a separate case, Tenorio received the same sentence for possession of 14 grams of heroin with intent to distri­ bute. 
He pleaded guilty to that charge on 
Jan 7. 

Commenting on what he sees as a need for a federal land use aet. Cald­ well said developm ent across the country has been marked by murder and corruption. 
Landowner 

Ironically, it is the landowner who would benefit the most from a sound policy but it is the land owner who is the most strongly opposed. Caldwell said 
Police open 
2-day blood bank drive 

Blood flowed at San Antonio Police headquarters Friday — all for a good cause. 
Members of the San Antonio Police 
Officers Assn. began their two-day blood drive for the South Texas Re­ gional Blood Bank. 
Drive Chairm an, Det. Inv. Billy 
Hook said officers hope to provide about 45o pints of blood for the blood bank. 
The blood-giving will resume Satur­ day at H a.m. in the assembly room at the police station, he said. 
“We don't usually have any problem w itll getting the officers to give blood.” 
Hook said. “ They realize what an important tiling it is to have in good supply.” 
Hook added the police officers group tries to hold a blood drive about every eight weeks. 
Marty Stone, donor recruiter for the blood bank, said the blood donated by the officers will be added to the supply’ for community use. 
The blood bank gives out about IHI) pints a day to area hospitals, she said. 
“The police really help us a lot.” she said “Over the years, they’ve been quietly giving blood, something we never can get quite enough of.” 

I xotic 

* * * * * & a r ast__ 

— translated for contemporary 

 tensional tallies ufitlj oriental 

This distinctive collection of occasional tables offers the restrained beauty and classic elegance of oriental-inspired designs, interpreted skillfully for your home of today, priced to give you lasting value. Select from rich nutmeg or 
Mandarin black finishes, and a variety of shapes and sizes to suit your decorating needs. Shop early at fisher's for best selection. 

11 

A Square cocktail table, rich brown finish top, nut­ meg finish base 38x38x16 t - - — 
Reg. $199.............................. 
1 5 5 . 
B Graceful oval end table. Nutmeg and brown ii*' finish. 23"x27”x23 
$ 1 I O jfai 
Reg. $159... ..................................... 
■ ■ T. ll 
C. Square lamp toble. Nutmeg and brown finish. 

T i 
71x77.24" s o o 
Reg. $139........................................... 
7 7 . 
I D. Glass-top rectangular cocktail, decorative fretwork. Nutmeg and brown finish. 

J I 
54x22x16 
* I I A 
Reg. $149............. 
I I U . y i 
E. Bunching table, beveled gla ss top decorative fretwork 2ox2ox16 
$ 7 A 
Reg. $99........................... / T . 
J 

I. Glass top end table, decorative fretwork, nut­ meg and brown finish 
$ I I A 

Reg. $149................... ................ ... 
I I U . 
G. Square commode, brass hardware, black lacquer finish. 28x28x21 
1 1 q q 
Reg. $27o ....................................... 
I T T . 
H. Two-door hall console, brass hardware. 26x- 
1««7» 
Jlfto 
Reg $25o 
.......... 
I O Y . 

 no, 

Open Doily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 

(Closed Sunday) 

143o N. I. Loop 41o 

Sofa tablas, revolving benches and tavtral other items available at comparabla sav­ ings! 

 o f m n antonio 

"distinctive h o m e furni»hinpi» 

H u m S24-oS7S 

Success series features ‘bonus room’ 

The “ bonus" has come to mean a small token of appre­ ciation these days. But Morton / 
Southwest s “ bonus room” among its more recent Success 
Homes plans captures the ori­ ginal, generous meaning of the term. 

In other words, when this successful 

 building / developing firm offers home buyers a “ bonus, it s som ething 

 greatly beneficial to them and of last­ ing, even increasing value and 

 importance. 

In Cimarron 

This weekend Success Homes plans 

 featuring the bonus room will high­ light home hunting in Morton / South- west’s most recent com m unity, C i­ marron, by now an established neigh­ borhood in northeastern Bexar County. 
The bonus room, available in both 

 three- and four-bedroom plans in the 
Success Homes series, is actually an extra room for families to engage in all sorts of acti\ ities. It is not just an un­ used bedroom which could be convert­ ed to various uses. 
A Success Homes bonus room is de­ signed to be used for hobbies or play, maybe even an office or study. 
This extra has been added as yet 

 another affordable way Morton / 
Southwest has done the planning for fam ilies to grow into a new home without growing out of their budgets. 

Moneysworth 

This is also another way in which 

 buyers of Morton / Southwest homes are sure to get their money's worth as the firm continues its “ Moneysworth” concept with the Success Homes series. 
The bonus room, of course, comes 

 with the other Success Homes features which make modern li\ing more en­ joyable and more affordable. 
These include two handcrafted cera­ mic tile baths. Woodburn tug fire ­ places. finished two-car garages, large patios, Friedrich central air and heat systems installed in attics by George 
Smith Inc. of San Antonio, privacy fences, all-electric kitchens and. in living areas, master suites and hall­ ways. rich shag carpeting. 
Success, it seems, is quite 

 appropriate for Morton / Southwest to use when naming a series its innova­ tive. affordable houses. San Antonio 

SUCCESS HOM ES by M orto n /Southw est w ill be featu red this w eek en d in Cim arron, the firm ’s m ost recent com m unity, located near U niversal City 

 has made this firm the most successful builder-developer over the past few years. 
M orton / So u th w est has stro n g feelings, of course, th.it this kind of success w ill continue with its most re­ cent series of Success Homes. 
Cim arron, as do all Morton / South­ west communities, boasts an advanta­ 

 g e o u s location not only by its providing a real panorama of countryside- lulls and tre e s but also by its quick, case driv mg distances to a number of m ajor destination points. 

A value-keyed community. Cim arron features affordable priced houses fa­ shioned to complement its rustic, wes­ tern and back-to-nature surroundings, which provide real peace* and quiet for all its residents. 

The location of Cim arron also means no San Antonio taxes apply to nionthlv payments for the homes in the colorful com m unity, which makes them even more affordable. 
The price range for Success Homes 

 iii Cim arron begins as low as $34.(HH); 

 so, this series already has been made quite affordable by Morton / South­ west 
, 
As well, Cim arron residents can en­ joy nearby am enities that include a sw im clu b , clubhouse and cab ana. 
Scout hut and complete playground for youngsters 

Much more is also nearby 

For instance. Cim arron is situated within the progressive .liaison School 
District ami almost next door to Kitty 
Haw k Middle School 

Kitty Hawk Drive itself is soon to be a major route through a well developed sector of northeastern Bexar Countv 
It s being extended from N F FM 1<><M all the way to Crestway D rive to pro­ vide C im arron residents w ith quick access lo N. F. Ill 31) via suburban 
\\ indcrest 
Kitty Hawk D rive presently leads directlv to Bat Booker Woad iii Cm* versal City and its fine shopping faci­ lities. restaurants, banks, churches and places of entertainm ent. as well as the main entrance to Randolph A F B 

So quiet and peaceful is Cim arron, though, that, while enjoying the ser­ enity which excludes anv cliv traffic muse, a resident could m om entarily forget all these advantages are so near to Ills ow ti biune 
The commuuitv is reached most ca si Iv bv exiting from N K III :ta to N F. 
FM UMM and proceeding east follow­ ing directional signs to Kitty Hawk 
Drive 
\ turn south leads to (lid C i­ marron Ir a 11 which takes drivers to 
< H ilariou s entrance road. G uilford 
Forge 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
o1,1) RN 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 
Page 
I D 

J 
COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q I 
*---------------- »----------------- --------- 
---------------------- 
----- . r--. ■ 
.......... ................ 
. 
.......... 

C L A S S I C S DI S P I a y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C lA S S I flfD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPi A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPI A Y 
,*x>fr?dsoR homes 

B U IL D IN G C R E A T IV E L Y 
FO R YO U 

NO PAYMENT 
TIL JUNE! 

$ 317* month 

■ U - L 

74o1 Pipers Lane 

684-7o47 

LI 
MOST POPULAR! 

Ray Ellison's most successful, best-selling design! 

Split bedroom plan for privacy • Fully car peted • Self cleaning range in all electric kitchen • Privacy fence & patio • Beauti ful. quiet cut de sac location. 

Northside Schools • Area swimming pool and tennis courts • In the UTSA, USAA 
Medical Center area • Easy access to expressways. 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

•Cash price $38,1oo No down payment and no closing costs VA mortgage $38,1oo 36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of 
$?79 65 for 3o years at 8 % Annual Perc entage 
Rate 
Principal & Interest 
$?/9 65 
Taxes (City. County, State, School) 
87 35 
Insurance 
19 OO 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$186 oo 

J* . x € 

 ll I SA 

USAA 

Forrest 
MI OIC ALI 
•Nit H 

*Based on purchase price of $33,6oo , no down payment, 36o equal payment at 8% VA financing. 

• NO CITY TAXES 
• NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 
• NO DOWN, VA 
• NO CLOSING COSTS 

 it's all in 

 ft la n g le u io o d 

. . . . 
W r«8» 
^ 
; I 

MAGIC CHEF for rest CjlerL 

 by 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

Furnished models open daily until 3 p m Take lh IO west to the De/avala exit and follow the signs 
Phone 696-817o 

115 NORTHWEST LOOP 41o 
ACROSS FROM NORTH STAR M A U 

 fHOUSAND 
OAKS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday February I 2 1977 
Spring garden schools start Monday 

WSM ii. 
- JP P cuss some aspect of vegetable plan- dSMm ning 
W m KtxM i 
“ a ihmtBUm 
F in allv on \farr»h 7 t h o lavf t u n of 

By TERRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION HORTICULTURIST 
Monday, Feb. 14, marks the beginning of the Spring G ar­ dening Schools. 
These training sessions are free to the public and will be conducted for four consecutive Mondays. Your thumb may be purple, brown, red or what­ ever; but, I guarantee you that, if you attend all these sessions, there will be some shade of green showing up. 
Two different sites 

 presented?” Well, here it is. On Feb. ll, Dr. Jerry Parsons, vegetable spe­ cialist here in San Antonio, will be the principal speaker. He will be discuss­ ing “ How To Grow Vegetables in Your 
Back Yard.” I will also present a short discussion on insect and disease con­ trol on your shrubs and trees. The lec­ ture part of the program will be fol­ lowed by a qut'stion-answer period. 
Remember now, this program will be presented both at the San Antonio 
Garden Center and the Garner Middle 
School. 
Then, on Feb. 21, at the same time and same places, Dr. Richard Duble, turf specialist from Texas A&M Uni­ versity, will be the principal speaker. 
His topic will be “ Practical Lawn 
( are.” Dr. Parsons will also present a short diacussion on a particular aspect of vegetable gardening with the ques- tion-answer period following. 
At the two Fob. 28 sessions “ Home 
Propagation” will be the topic. I will be presenting this program. Most of the presentation will be regarding how to graft a pecan tree. Of course, this technique would be applicable to other plants, too. Air layering and rooting of cuttings also will be discussed!. Dr. 
Parsons again will be present to dis- 

WE JUST LOVE OUR BRICK] 
FIREPLACE 
The afternoon sessions on each 
Monday will be held at 1:3o p.m. at the 
San Antonio Garden Center, 331o N. 
New Braunfels Ave. If you are work­ ing. or for some other reason, cannot attend the afternoon session, you’re not out of luck. 
The same program that is conducted in the afternoon at the Garden Center will be presented again at 7 p.m. at 
Garner Middle School, 43o2 Harry 
Wurzbach Rd. The school is just inside 
Loop 41o. Each subsequent Monday there will be a different program pre­ sented at both of the above mentioned locations. 
You may be asking, “ What’s to be 

-runmmMKKV 

|fPE]— 
— ISKI 
Enjoy > 1, 
^ 
P f Hill Country \ J 
K 
Living. . . m 

K in Northwest San Antonio 
U 
PP in beautiful Oak Creek. 
^ 
Im 
Our premium homes 
^ 
,range from $48,5oo to o 
|P 
$9o,OOO on large wood- 
Im- sd homesites. Customized 
I? homes available for im- fs 
P mediate move-in. Please 
3 jjk visit our professionally 
P decorated models today! p l 
- Furnished p I • Models Open , 2 
V 
Daily 
J J 
W 
\ 
684-3112 / 
2 

Nestled in a prestige 
North Side neighborhood, 
Maison de Ville Apart­ ments offer beautifully designed luxury resi­ dences for the discrimin­ ating apartment dweller. 
Marble vanities, spe­ cial huilt-ins, fireplaces and separate bath and dressing areas are just a few of the special “ ex­ tras” that contribute to 

 the “ good life” at Maison de Ville. 
Spaciousness is a keynote in every apartment from effi­ ciency to one-, two- and three-bedroom units. In addition, several luxur­ ious townhouses also are available. 
All boast oversized rooms with high ceilings, more than ample closet 
(uuim^ o4SMAY ....... ' 

 cony. Secluded walkways and courtyard parks add to the atmosphere of pri­ vacy and spaciousness. 
Convenience is another important consideration at Maison de Ville. There are large outdoor storage spaces, and covered parking for each apart­ ment, abundant parking and daily trash pickup are provided to residents. 

MEDICAL 
CENTER^ 

LEON jr? 
VALIEV 

 space and some even have built-in drawers and cabinets in the master bedroom suites. 
Interiors also feature all-electric kitchens, pass-through bars and wall-to-wall carpeting throughout. 
The apartments are planned for privacy, with either a private enclosed patio or a spacious bal- 

Maison de Ville is a professionally managed, private, mature environ­ ment for discriminating adults and families. 
Located at 1ooo Jack­ son Keller Rd., Maison de Ville is within walking distance of schools and churches with North Star and Central Park Malls and Loop 41o just min­ utes away. 
.ACKLAND 
AFB 

CLASSIFIED D O REAY eUitwKoWKZY 
(U iiiftib B itto r 

 housand Oak: 
Can you get MORE 
Than your 
Moneys worth? 

TES* W e have 

A n o th e r nam e fo r Q u a lity 

Designed for Family Living in an Elegant Coun try-like Atmosphere a new Success floor plan with a built-in bonus—-a n extra room for your fam ily to grow into when the time comes. At no extra cost! 

This spacious, 
4- bedroom, 
2 bath home provides 2,4o2 ft. of living space. One of the many luxury extras is a Game 
Room loft overlooking the family-living room below. 

GAMS ROOM 

 bf ORM » | 

PATIO 

OR 
SITTING 
KITCHfl 
DINING 
ROOM 
BREAKFAST 
I 
N O O R 

FAMltY 
ROOM 

PORCH 

INSTAUJD BY 
GCOM Of SMITH, INC. 
O f SAN ANTONIO master suite 

*43,85o 

26o7 TURKEY OAK 

Builder: Olmos Home Builders 

Price: $ 73,9oo 

Homes are open from IO a.m. until dark. Prices begin at $5o,ooo. Other builders; M. A. Scholl En­ terprises, 
Great 
America 
Corporation, 
Clint 
Weilbocher, Victor Oehler, Carlton Church, Peter 
Schinker. 

Only we can give you more than your moneys’ worth. 

Morton / Southwest 
(Out of tow n call Collect) 
Writes P.O. Box 18428 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 8 6 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY TIL DUSK 
658-4793 
5.2 MILES NORTH OF 41o O N S A N P E D R O 

 y&k* * 
**? ’• i ' W, 
. 

P . ' 
1 
- •* ttt 
.... /. •■; cvi 
(j*£m WfV !yl' 
Sr ■* (kij i-',, 
* i 

• Privacy fencing, landscaping, & patio STANDARD! 
• Two tile baths STANDARD! 
• Built-in electric kitchen with self-cleaning range, vent, dishwasher and disposer STANDARD! 
• Two-car finished garage STANDARD! 
• Complete carpeting STANDARD! 

NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER MONTHLY PAYMENTS 
NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

ANO LOOK WHAT THE NEIGHBORHOOD ITSELF OFFERS! 

Northside Schools • Ideal location near UTSA, USAA, & Medical 
Center • Country living within sight of Texas Hill Country • Popu­ lar northwest location with easy driving to northside & downtown 
San Antonio via Bandera Rd. & expressways. 
Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take Bandera Rd. 3Vi miles north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 

Phone 6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

•Cath put#: $37,99o No down payment and no doting cotta VA mortgage $37 99o 36o equal monthly principal and iota* eat payment* of 
$276 oo for 3o yeart at 8% Annual Percentage 
Rate 
Principal A Interett 
Tare* (County, State. School 
(No!) City Ta*ee 
In tu ran c e tot Al MONTHLY PAYMENT 

$276 oo 
6 s OO 
-o 
19 OO 
$398 OO 
\ 
(OUN HOUSKA 
OHWuaitr olildulood 

Country living, urban lifestyle fits Wildwood 

Country living with urban convenience is a familiar phrase used so often by advertisers that its meaning is diluted by repeti­ tion, and applications of the phrase don't always bear up under close scrutiny. 
However, Hay E llison’s Wildwood, one of the most popular developments in the northwestern quadrant of San 
Antonio, really measures up when it comes to offering the peace and quiet of country living, as well as a key lo­ cation with immediate access to all the demands and pleasantries of city life. 
In fact Wildwood measures up so well that Hay Ellison representatives invite clAJWHB BfSPnrr---------------- ctmsiwu 

 the closest kind of scrutiny for W ild­ wood and all that it has to offer to the family that believes this is the year for buying a new home that they were waiting for last year. 
Outside city limits 

Although Wildwood is readily acces­ sible to the growing commercial faci­ lities in the northwest, such as I TSA, 
I 'SAA and the1 South Texas Medical 
Center, its homes are outside the city lim its, providing lower monthly pay­ ments on new home investments that range from the low $3os to the mid 
$4os. 
Wildwood homes retain the w ilder­ ness touch, surrounded by tree-cov­ ered slopes and wooded horizon. 
■OTSPOTT------------------- 

Fireplaces in most Wildwood homes recall the rustic touch of country liv ­ ing. bringing warmth and cheer to the brisk evening air. 

Children and teenagers of W ildw ood families attend the excellent schools of the Northside Independent School Dis­ trict, with educational programs that not only instill the “ three R 's" but also offer rich and diverse extracurricular programs which emphasize leadership and initiative. 

* C l A W ITK O DISPLAY 

Wildwood kitchens are designed for beauty and functional convenience. All are fully equipped with dishwashers, disposers, ranges with self-cleaning ovens and range vents, plus finc-qua- lity wood cabinets w hich typify the fine 
CLASSIFIED m s p u n 

W ild w o o d measures up to hom ebuyer e xpecta­ tions and then some w ith its exquisite com bination o f rustic charm and contem porary design in an environm ent that beckons “ back to the cou n try.” 

Cl a s s ifie d d is p l a y 

 craftsmanship found throughout a Hay 
Ellison home. 
Of course, three- and four-bedroom homes in Wildwood . come complete with two-ear, finished garages and two 
--------------COT 

 baths. YA, FUA and conventional fi­ nancing terms are available. 
To reach W ildwood, drive out Han­ dera Road west u n til you set' the beautiful Wildwood entraneevvav on 
"C lA iiin iD N JttT F r 

 your right — on Bristlecone. You’ ll find professional and courteous Hav 
Ellison representatives who w ill be delighted to show you W ildwood s beautifully furnished model homes 
"mnrftinL kkmst* ri inurns iui*t a* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday February I 2 1977 

Ray Ellison Homes 

THAT S RIGHT! WILDWOOD HOMES SELL AS FAST AS WE CAN 
BUILD THEM! JUST A FEW REASONS — 

Here’s Why: Wildwood is its Own Best Advertising! 

 f f brkfst __j 

 liv 
:: if 
O d 

1 
2 rn♦ kit ~111 mmkm t ti 

 ty <?>*»*■ 
; x iv 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 
‘Power Saver’ cuts bills 

CLAS 9 lf I IO W S f t A f 

If you are a homeow ner overpowered by growing monthly utility bills, now it the time to invest in a 
Burns 
Co. 
“ Power 
Saver” home. 
Because most homes more than five years old were built without en- ergy-efficiency stan­ dards, owners are left with the threat of ever increasing utility costs and no protection with their older home. 
Poor insulation, ill- planned heating and cooling systems and misplaced windows all add to the wasted energy common to homes built before the energy threat because apparent. 
Utility costs in main­ taining a home of this nature can exceed monthly payments on the home. While the value of replacing your home has increased, many buyers 

 are wary of buying a home built without en­ ergy-efficient standards in the face of today's economy. 
The Burns Co. set out 

 four years ago to solve this dilemma for present homeowners. 
Each 
Burns Co. home is en­ gineered with proven 
“ Power Saver” con­ 

 struction techniques- 
Sales ’offices are open in the Great Northwest and Hidden Forrest daily except Wednesday from noon to 6 p.m. 
ACHES OF LIVENS ROOM 

B U R N S 
C O . c o m b in e s s ty lish d e s ig n s e m e rgy-e co n o m izin g construction techniques. 
Contemporary featured 

Dramatic, contempor­ ary lines outside combine with spaciousness, warmth, beauty and functionalism of the in­ terior in the home at 28o7 
Turkey Oak in Thousand 
Oaks 
Built by Olmos Home 
Builders, this lovely home is designed for fa­ mily living with ample space for growing. 
Cedar roof 
The exterior is earth- ern-toned brick, with dark-stained wood trim and rustic cedar shake 

 roof. 
An entry foyer of terrazo tile w elcomes you into the large family liv­ ing room, with its invit­ ing woodburning fire ­ place with a raised hearth. A high rising ceiling lifts the eye to the balcony game room above. 
Both rooms are filled with natural light and feature wet bars with mirrored walls, glass shelving and natural wood cabinets to make entertaining in each area beautiful, convenient and 

 easy. The game room has sliding glass doors open­ ing onto a sundeck, which overlooks the large, free-form patio below. 
An open extension of the living room becomes a formal dining room with a mirrored wall, an elegant brass-crystal chandelier and three ceiling-to-floor w indows. 
The busy hostess will fine entertaining easy with the breakfast area and large kitchen adjoining the formal dining room. 
Directly off the kitchen 

 is the large utility room which connects to the two-car garage 
Families with children are delighted that they will attend schools in the preferred North East 
District. 
Thousand Oaks offers so many advantages that the new home buyer should visit its fine homes and savor the at­ mosphere of the area. 
To reach Thousand 
Oaks, drive 5.2 miles north of N AV. Loop 41o on 
San 
Pedro 
Avenue. 
Prices begin at $5o,ooo. 
Guy Chipman salutes top producers 

San Antonio's largest independently owned 
Realtor, Guy Chipman 
Co., continued to set the 

 pace in 1978 with nearly 
$7o million in sales. 
Guy Chipman Jr., pre­ sident of the firm, sin­ 

 gled out several outstanding individual achievements with spe­ cial awards and record- 

Joining the $1^ million circle were Dorothy An- drick. Lila Butler, Char­ lene Hurst, Dean Ken­ nedy, Tom Leverett, Vir­ ginia 
McDaniel and 
Chuck Lafferty. 

ClASMTMO P W U Y 

Trail wood is conveniently located just 15 minutes from 
Wonderland . . . as close to the city as y o u ’o ever want the country to be. 

Open daily 9 am til Dusk 

\ \ T fit POH Dr IWS* 

® 
\ \ 
H O N 
T R A I L W O O D W t H i PHin o s 

 co m o ] 

Loup 16o4 
\ 
I 

■ 
■ i i TSa W 

D o n S m i t h C o . 

6 9 8 -2 2 6 1 • 6 9 8 -2 8 3 2 

C L *S S IfllD DISPLAY 
CLASSI?WD DISPLAY 

Quality Ho rn 4 ^ in a Country 
Cow munity from 
55,ooo 
651-6237 

 lad sh aw - Miller 

 breaking bonus checks. 
Headlining the occa­ sion, B. F. Knapp and 
Burt Swartz received silver coffee services in addition to plaques and new highs in cash awards for sales records totaling nearly SH million and $:i million each 
Others saluted f y r 'e x - traordinary sale produc­ tion amounting^™ $2 mil­ lion or mon* were Betty 
BiectoUn, Frances Ross and 
Cella 
Ginsberg. 

These ladies each re­ ceived a bonus check, plaque and silver trav. 

— ctAssmtS otsttAv' 

.G D ln d S O R . homes 

B U I L D I N G C R E A T I V E L Y 
FOR YOU 

M a1\e us the center o f your w orld! o> 

SURROUNDING YOU 
WITH VALUE 
PATIO 

KITCHIN 
OWING 

CARAG! n 
Bf oRooM 3 

LIVING 

Briarwick 

14419 Briarbranch 
53o,875 
494-62o2 

;:- i p 

BATH 

BATH 

BEoR o oM 2 

Solid construction and sound ideas . . . de­ corator-coordinated interiors with exquisite carpeting . . . energy-saving modern conveniences 
. . . and the highest standards of quality . . . that's what Windsor Homes are made of! 

Visit the new Windsor Homes today. 
Furnished models are open from 1o a.m. til dark daily. 

PATIO 

M ASTER BEoR o oM 

•Based on purchase price of $3o,875 with no dow n paym ent, 36o equal m on ­ thly paym ents, V A financing at 8 % per year. 

C o m e out to d a y an d let our a p a rtm e n ts be the center of yo u r w orld ! 
Efficiencies, 
I, 
2, 
3 b e d ro o m s an d to w n h o u se s. 
(A ll u til­ ities p aid ). R e n ts start a t $1 8 5 /m o n th . 

Maison de Ville 

3 4 4 - 9 1 5 8 
1ooo lALKSON M U IR ROAD 

STOR 

GARAGE 

PINING 
KITCHEN tim yp i_ r £ L 3J 

M ASTER BEDROOM 

 am 

LIVING 
BEDROOM 3 

Bristol 
Place 

59o6 Woodbin 
$27,4oo 

661-6266 

HH 

I 

BEDROOM 2 

PORCH 

•Based on purchase price of $27,4oo with no dow n paym ent, 36o equal m on ­ thly payments, V A financing at 8 % par year. 

S an A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — S a tu rd a y F eb ru ary I 2 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 
5 -D 

O ak Creek blends with nature 

-•m X 
BUYERS in Oak Creek may customize their homes with o choice of features 

 o X i V i i u D M S f iA V 
CLA SSI VICO D ISPLA Y 
C L A S S IF IC D ISPLA Y 

8 ’X 8 ’ 

Just OFF 
1946 N E. loop 41o 
HARBY W U RZBACH 
82 6-2 3 5 5 

FE A T U R E S 

TWO BEDROOMS 
TWO BATHS 

First ft Second level 
$217. per month 

Third Floor W/Fireploce .. $238. per month 

A couple will find this plan perfectly suited to their growing needs. The master bedroom has an extra large 9 foot walk-in closet, private dressing room and bath. W hile the huge wall-to- wall closet in the second bedroom, linen closet and pantry provide an enormous amount of storage space. There’s formal dining, and a kit­ chen that's big enough for a snack table. It has a frost free refrigerator, too. The wosher-dryer connections are located off the deck. And the penthouse level has a fireplace, bookshelves and beamed and vaulted ceiling. 

BFE Style by Q LIFE INVESTORS 

A genuine Hill Country development by 
Homecraft Corp., Oak 
Creek features new homes which well befit the native oaks and mountain laurels that surround them. 

Another community professionally planned by Homecraft Corp., Oak 
Creek, one of the firm’s more recent neighbor­ hoods, stands out as a prime example of its lengthy experience in de­ veloping communities for modern living and lasting values. 
Conveniences 
In choosing the serene setting for Oak Creek, 
Homecraft was sure to preserve the natural creations ui a w ay w hich allowed all city conven­ iences. Result ingly, Oak 
Creek boasts fully paved, curbed streets, all city utilities and sidewalks. 
When Homecraft com­ me nceddeveloping in 

San Antonio about three years ago, it was quick to establish a reputation for professionally planning communities. Oak Creek certainly lives up to that reputation in every re­ spect . 
Four fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes have been displayed in Oak Creek since Homecraft opened the community off NAV. 

FM 61o4 between Po- tranco and 
Culebra 
Roads. 
The models highlight­ ing the northwestern 
Bexar County neighbor­ hood serve as examples of the quality houses Ho­ mecraft builds. Custom building is offered in Oak 
Creek,too. 
At some points in. building, buyers of Oak 
Creek homes can have a 

 number of different choices for their homes’ interiors. They can select colors and patterns for vinyl wallcovering colors and kinds of carpeting to cover all but baths, kit chons and breakfast ar­ eas and either gas or electric ranges as part of the package of built-ins 
Homecraft features in its new houses. 
Standard luxury ap­ 

 pointments for 
Oak 
Creek homes by Home craft include items as desirable as all-brick handcrafted fireplaces, automatic garage door openers, large storage rooms and marbletop vanities 
Some Oak Creek homes have wet bars, sloped ceilings in fam ily and living areas, as well as master suites. 

THIS W indsor Home is at 5114 Timber Terrace in the Great Northwest 

CIABSi m P DISPLAY f l A tu r n ip DISPLAY 

WHERE TOU UVE 
IS TOUR BUSINESS 
HOW YOM LIVE IS OURS* 

• I M r. $183 $! 95 
# 
U*'"9 

• 2 M r. $233 $243 
• 3 Pools 

LIVE I 
§ 

• Vi Work off 
41o Moor 

North Star Mall 

THE BRITTANY 
86o7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
341-3126 

No payment ’til June 

When you select a new 
Windsor Home in Forrest 
Glen, you can move in now and in ako no pay­ ment until .lune 
Windsor 
Homes in 
Forrest Glen are profes sionally decorated and coordinated. Many in­ clude fireplaces and lib* entries. Carpet is i i i liv­ ing areas, halls and master bedrooms. 

C LA M IficD O ijtR tA V ' 

The Home That Affords You 
MORE Than You Could Afford 
Anywhere Else 

From ‘31,75o 

All this, with fully lighted, championship tennis courts and 3 swimming pools, is proof enough that tomorrow’s community is here today. 

A FA BULO US 6ooo SQ U A R E FO O T TRI­ 
LEVEL COUNTRY CLUB A N D A N 
18 

HOLE C H A M PIO N SH IP G O LF C O U R SE 
FOR 
N ORTHCIIFFE 
H O M E O W N E R S 
W i ll S O O N BE COM PLETED. 

T it 

VII 
I 
\ ___ v \ 
' 

............... 

. . . a roaring all brick fireplace to warm you outside when its cold. 

Spanish C o n te m p o ra ry one of a number of beautiful exterior designs to choose from for this floor plan. 

• Four bedroom -2 double battu 

• 1oo% brick construction 

• SPACIOUS M A S U R 
BEDROOM SEPARATED 
FROM THI REST 

• Energy saving Solargray glass on ail exterior windows 

• Smoko Dotoctor 

• Full 6 " Coiling Insulation 

• M otel encased. Insulated, w eather-proof doors • front, bock 
• Thick anergy saving insulation In walls 
• W indow soot A plont area 
• O ptional handcrafted w oad boring fireplace 
• Full bath w /tile tub, m irrored w all, decorative valance lighting 
• O vo rsised 2 car garage 
A large fully equipped modern kitchen. . . 

NORTHCIIFFE, HOM ECRAFT S ULTIMATE C O M M U N IT Y, IS NORTH 
SA N 
A N T O N IO S 
FASTEST 
G R O W IN G 
H ill 
CO UN TRY 
N E IG H ­ 
BO RH O O D . IT S BECA USE W E C A N OFFER A H O M E UKE THIS AT 
PRICES YO U C A N ’T AFFO RD TO O V ER LO O K . 
SPECIAL 
CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING 
THIS WEEKEND 

$ 1 . o o TOTAL 
MOVE-IN 
V.A. 

Drive I-3S North 
6.S mi. past 
Loop 
16o4 ta 
Exit 
11o3 A follow tho signs. 

Beautifully Furnished 
Models Shown Exclusively by Homecraft Sales Consultants 

OPEN DAILY 9 TO 9 
659-1161 OR 625-7566 
SOMECRffiE 

QUALITY • INTEGRITY • PRICE 

Each is equipped wit i i 
Fedders central heat aud air and Magic Chef kit chon appliances such as range, vent hood, dish washer and disposer. 

Thi' latest energy sav­ ing construction tech tuques have been applied to make these new Wind sor Homes energy-effi­ cient. 
Double-glazed windows and extra insu­ 

 lation contribute to the total insulation of each home Tower attic vents remove excess heat from the attic 

New homes are open daily from 111 a.in until dark 
To reach Forrest 
(den, take NW Loop 41o to Culebra Woad and turn north. Follow the signs to 
Forrest 
Glen on tho right. 
Large tracts inTrailwood 
Affordable country bv 
The foresight of the mg is now available in designers, plus the addi­ c e San Antonio area 
Traduced 

In the hill country minutes northwest 

 iii t iou.ii insulation of Don 
Smith Co , makes for economical energy use. 
' * 
These homes contain ol all the luxuries and con- 

 r , v r n 
M 
W 
. v c m 
. m 
. s w p 
. ' c t . 
. . 
, > r . " 
\ h o m e s of the W I,MHI lo offers Ii* to three-acre 

S 2 ? S ? pr,c,'d other homes tn Trail- from S7151’ wood are available from 
The natural environ- builders Carl Rage, KTN ment, featuring rolling Co., Hon Macon, Boerne lulls with vistas and Community . Builders fertile valleys, is ideal and Homes by Vicki for the family seeking (Srheleyerb country serenity and 
11 
1 privacy. 
Lots leave space gardens and fruit trees, as well as a horse or two 
The winding drives throughout the area offer bikers a challenge 
A number of homes have been constructed in 
Trail wood by the Don 
Smith Co., featuring entries, rock fireplaces, wooden decks overlook­ ing the lull country, three or four bedrooms and carpet 

Trailwood has no city taxes and a choice of for either 
Northsido or 
Boerne schools. Utilities normally found in the ci­ ty are available in Trail- wood, including South­ western Bell Telephone. 
To teach Trailwood, drive 16 miles north on 
NW IH1o to tile Tarpon 
Road exit, IMurn south on the aet ess road and watch for the Trailwood entrance. The sales office is open daily, IO a.m. until dusk 

TRAILWOOD entranceway 

Thunderbird Hills 
UNDER ‘3o,ooo? 

Inside loop 41o, with a view of downtown from your patio door 

2138 James Bon hum $28,5oo* 2118 Jam** Bonham $28,4oo* 
2126 J amal Bonham $25,o5o* 

UNDER ‘45,OOO 
Inside Loop 41o, thermal window, (overed patio ond 6' (ador pnvory fenced yard 

62o6 tittie Fawn 
$43,2oo* 
6231 Forrest 
$43,8oo* 
621o Little fawn $41,8oo* 

UNDER ‘4o,ooo 

6214 Little fawn 
$38,77$* 6218 Little fawn 
$4o,9oo* 
6222 tittie fawn $38,ooo* 

FOREST OAKS ESTATES 
Crownplece 
$43,3oo-$56,ooo* 

VA, ENA, 
CONV. 
Financing 
Available 

 w . r J 

Com traction (owl party 

Open IO Til Dusk 
684-o81o f a t 

EQUAL HOUSING 
OPfOer UNI TY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
. 
CLASSIFIED DIS A l A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

COUNTRY CLUB is accessible to IH IO 
Country Club offers good life 

Country Club is where the best of the good life, w h ic h only a p a r t m e n t s offer, begins. 
Locate d in the T u r tl e 
C r e e k v i c i n i t y , t h i s a p a r t m e n t project offers just that kind of lifestyle to all its residents. 
T h e s e fine a p a r t m e n t h o m e s overlook fairway n u m b e r five of T u r t l e 
C r e e k 
C o u n t r y 
C lu b . which m ak e s it ideal for r e s i d e n t s who w ish to 

 b e lo n g to th e c l u b f e a ­ t u r i n g a g o lf c o u r s e , clubhouse, tennis courts, olym pic pool a nd o th e r recreational amenities. 
The Turtle Creek area also is one of San Anton­ io's most pres tigious r e ­ c e n t h o m e s i t e s , w ith m a n y li n e s c h o o l s , c h u r c h e s , b a n k s , r e s ­ t a u r a n t s a n d s h o p p i n g facilities close. 
C o u n tr y C l u b ' s l a r g e a pa rtm e nts boast several 

 d e c o r a r r a n g e m e n t s . with sh a g ca rp e t, d e c o r­ ato r b a th s , in divid ually controlled a ir c o ndit io n­ ing and heating, kitchens w ith d i s p o s e r s , d i s h ­ w a s h e r s a n d r e f r i g e r a ­ to r s a n d . in two- a n d t h r e e - b e d r o o m p l a n s , w a s h e r - d r y e r c o n n e c ­ ti o n s. 
C o n v e n i e n t l a u n d r y a n d m a i l f a c i ­ lities are n ear each unit. 
Cacti a p a r t m e n t at 
Country Club is designed 

 with privacy and quiet in mind, enhan ced by indi­ vidual entrances and pri­ v a te b a lc o n y or fenced patio. 

Sm a ll and p e rs o n a lly m a n a g e d , the complex is r e a c h e d most easily by exiting from NAV. Ill IO to W u rzb a c h Road, pro ­ c e e d i n g w e s t to D ata 
Point Drive and then to 
Fa irh a v e n Drive. Its ex­ act ad dress is 8631) F a ir­ haven Dr. 
Pier offers waterside privacy 

The Affordable 
Home 

Four bedrooms, two baths, and a wood-burning fireplace for only 
$42,ooo? T hat’s right! Schaefer is designing and building quality homes, with special features in beautiful neighborhoods and best of all they’re affordable! 
Living Area 
A living area the entire family can enjoy, with plush deep pile 

BEDROOM 
MASTER 
BEDROOM 

At T h e P i e r , no on e lives “ in a f i s h b o w l . ” 
T h e r e ’s an inner circle of privacy. 

Cars come and go only incuts. on the ou ter p e r i m e t e r , 
This leaves the luxur- gi\ mg tenants and guests lous beauty of the sweep- easy access to the apart- mg, central groun ds and 

SOME apartm ents at The Pier have fireplaces 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
NORTHWOOD 

APARTMENTS 
FROM 
'165 
'31o 

ALL UTILITIES 
PAID 
8315 IM. VANDIVER 
>-5531 
OFF LOOP 4 1 o N E. 

HOME OF THE 77 
BIG OAKS 

 the attractive recreation ­ al offerings of T h e Pier u n m a r r e d by traffic dis­ t u r b a n c e s . Sw m i m i n g and sunbathing or part y­ ing iii the pa\ ii ion have the fe e lin g of p r i v a c y . 
Residents may entertain or just plain rela x o u t ­ doors in a truly peaceful setting. 
It’s a park-like a tm o s ­ phere. complete with lit­ tle lakes and moats, lawn ch a ir s and tables, tr ees and pretty plantings. The scene from the fun are a 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 at T h e P i e r d o e s n t in ­ clude passing traffic. But passing ducks, yes! 

It s gre at Ii\ mg indoors at The Pier, too. Many of its a p a r t m e n t s a r e w a ­ terside; all are luxurious. 
All have decks or patios. 
Various one-and two bed­ room units become a v a i l a b l e fro m t i m e to time, both furnished and unfurnished. T h ere are p a rt ic u l a r plans favored by s h a r i n g s i n g l e s or students. Some are most suitable for the m arrie d co uple — fa m ily living d e s i g n s . C e r t a i n p l a n s include a “ bonus room .” id e a l for an o f f ic e at home, a small den or li­ brary. 

 lf what you w ant is a l u x u r i o u s , a f f o r d a b l e a p a r t m e n t in a well- maintained complex that a s s u r e s you p r i v a te e n ­ joyment, find it \ ourself this weekend at The Pier. 
T a k e th*' H a r r y W u r z ­ bach Road exit from W F . 
Loop 41(1 to 1946 V F . 
Loop 419 

EL MADRID 
APARTMENTS 

Superb Quality at a Reasonable Price 

(tile lU tl room — 8 / 9 5 
2 Kit. 2 tin t It — $2 to 

One Oil. 
2 Oil. 2 Hath lr / Fireplace — $2o.y ic/F ire p la ce — $215 

2 Itll. 2 Ita l Ii iv/ I ten — 8 5 5 9 

 hi m ils r „ hi 

(lf fire Hmirs ii'cckilnss - 9 In .1 
Similes - I In .> 

6 
* 
H i - 
2 
8 
4 
6 
O I I ! I mice Jackson 
HARPERS C 
I a io 
R 
N 

R 
A GREAT NEW ADDRESS FOR YOU" 

Separate Alinit X tinnily Section» 

• Wood borning fireplaces • Outside Storage 
• Reserved covered parking • Security Service 
• frost free refrigerators • Continuous dean ovens a Utilities I 

OPEN 
1o-5:3o SAT. 

• Pony Room • Swimming pools 
• Wesker!Dryer connections 

1 Bedroom $ 1 9 5 -$ 2 2 o 
2 Bedroom $ 2 4 o -$ 2 9 o 
3 Bedroom $35o 

3 5 o 1 PIN OAK OR. 
3 4 4 -9 7 7 1 

SIO Ie OeUe«M (Sirs* street p e t I Mew OI ■ S i I, fem right 
•ne te he Ooh Drtve. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 carpeting, and complete with wood-burning fireplace . . . an area truly designed for living and entertaining. 
Patio 
Emphasis on indoor/outdoor liv­ ing with outdoor patio viewed from the Living area through sliding glass doors. A true plant lover’s dream. 
Storage Space Galore! 
A separate storage area in a double garage . . . a great place to store your bicycles, cars, boats and all the other stuff you never seem to have room for. 

And When We Say Affordable 
We Mean It! 
Special VA, EHA and Conven­ tional financing. Available in three distinctive subdivisions. 
Just check the map to find the one that suits you. Furnished models open daily. 

Northern Hills 654-1211 
$37,ooo to $65,ooo 
North East School District 

I)evonshire 494-3588 
$37,ooo to $55,ooo 
North East School District 

"Building Homes Tit Come Home To' 

* Price varies according to neighborhood. 

Hundreds of families have moved out of their apart­ ments because of M orto n/ 
Southwest. 
Here’s why: 

I M 

I 

 m m m m 

W E OFFER m MORE living space 
■ MORE value 
■ LESS energy cost 
■ A BIG Tax Refund 

STANDARD FEATURES (NO T OPTIONS!): 

• Three and four bedroom 

• 2 car finished garage 

• 2 full hand-set ceramic tile baths 

• Rich shag carpeting mbr 

• Appliances— dishwasher, disposal, Magic Chef Range 

• Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 

• Large closets and storage space 

• Utility rooms (in most designs) 

• lf J I 

I 
J!* 
U tm 

 i 
Professionally planned — lo include an 
, 
I JL f | |. y y olympic sue swimming pool and lighted tenon coart* — strategically located, so that your home is most likely to appreciate in value Quiet . . . Convenient to 1-35, downtown, and motor shopping 
I and recreation centers. In the Northeast School District. 
I 

FREEDOM T W O 
*29,975 

1 1 i i 

NO PAYMENT ’TIL JUNE 
NOTHING DOW N VA 
8 % VA F inancing 
FHA & C onv. A v a ila b le 

 lr* *■; . 

,- m x & t! 
Dr 2 ll r n 
- m . 

Friedrich 

C E N T R A L 4 * - ' M 
. ' I I N N . ' 

INST ALLIO BY 
G IO R G I SMITH, INC. 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

■ porcn bis 

VALLEY 

♦TH. • ■ H 
A / I i . 

 f r y 
/ 
'N J A jT.a 

. 1 3 , 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY 'TIL DUSK 
655-5931 

PAY YOURSELFI 
NOT YOUR LANDLORD! 

MORTON / SOUTHWEST 
(OUT OF TOWN CALL COLLECT) 
WRITE: P.O. BOX 18428 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78286 

 l i p % 1 1 
^V'' .--W 
^ 
> I ® 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday February I 2 1977 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
W o o dstone has easy financing 

 f i n a n n i i n Y 
TOTAL 

Easy financing terms on 
H om ecraft 
Corp. houses in Woodstone will be am ong the building- developing firm ’s high­ lights for home hunters this weekend. 
The northeastern San 
Antonio com m u n ity is where the interest rate for VA home loans is as low as 8 per cent. Other advantageous VA term s here in clude a total move-in cost of only $1 to qualified veterans. 
Fully furnished, p ro­ fe ssio n ally d eco rated model homes are shown by Hom ecraft in Wood- stone. 
Homecraft is introduc­ ing a series of new homes priced lower than other 
Woodstone homes. 
While som e builders' hom es sta rt around 
$4o,o(1o Homecraft has a series of masonry homes as low as $3o,95o. 
Homecraft recently in­ troduced two particularly affo rd able m odels, the 
Americana and the Cali­ fornia Spanish. 
Homecraft opened Un- 
A m ericana as the first two-story model in 
Woodstone. It features 

Conventional 

On Selected Homes 

$ 7 OO 
I 
Total Move-in VA 

NORTHWEST SAN ANTO NIO ’S FINEST COMMUNITY 

Creek has country setting 

Professional planning by Homecraft Corp. lias made Twin Creek one of the fastest growing com­ munities in the area. 
The northwestern Bex­ ar County development opened in the tall of 1973. 
Streets in tin- n eigh ­ borhood necessitate slow traffic and house exter­ iors create a blending of colors and styles. 
The com m unity fe a ­ tures a p riv ate c lu b ­ house, with fenced, lighted tennis courts, a swimming pool, wading pool. clubhouse with kit­ chen. and a playground. 
Although surrounded by nature. Twin Creek has a convenient location a m ile from B a n d e ra 
Road and two miles from 
Poop 41(1. 
No city taxes 
No city taxes apply to home payments made by 
Twin ( reek residents. 
In the Northside School 
District, Twin Creek is close to I'T SA . USNA. 
South T e x a s M edical 
C enter, Southw est R e­ search Institute and Kel­ ly and L ac k lan d Air 
Force bases. 
H om es m ay lie p u r ­ chased by VA financing, req u irin g a 
$1 total move-in cost and an an­ nual interest rate of 8 per cent. 
H om ecraft houses in 
Twin ( reek. priced from 
$34,95o, have either three or four b ed roo m s, two baths and tw o-car 

A i r ; ck cm coco hnnn 
O d d 

(Cbicmotsi 
C l K O 
□nni i c a c i 

PLAN # 2 o 4 

★ Spacious fireplace and mantle, it Extra spacious living- family area ★ Twin sliding doors to wrap around patio ★ 
Serve-thru kitchen it Box window at dinette it Master bedroom with dressing room and sliding glass doors it Two full ceramic tile baths it Furniture finished cabinetry £ 
★ 1oo% brick exterior it Full energy-saving 
^ 
4 features ir Over-engineering air conditioning 

C . Mf a v * * 

T W IN CREEK h o m e s fe a tu re a n u m b e r o f lu x u ry o p tio n s 

^ L A iu r K D OtSPLA V garages. All for sale this weekend also have HIO per cent masonry exter­ iors 

Other en e rg y -sa v in g features are full wall insulation. ff^-inch ceiling insulation, heat­ ing and air sy stem s re­ quiring minimal use and 
(loors and windows which shut tightly. 

Twin Creek is reached by driving north of MV 
Poop 41o on B a n d era 
Road and turning west onto Grissom Road (EM 
471), follow ing sig n s w Inch lead to the marked entrancewav. 

B ED R O O M I 

Very important connections tor your washer -dryer1 All our 2-3 bedroom units nave them so your washer and dryer can move right in with you lo create your own private laundry area 
• Super kitchen with built-in spice cabinet and pea# thru bar 
• Salt clean oven no 
» frost refrigerator 
\ \ / 
• Private 4 * 8 storage 
V y tor ail your hideables 
\ 
• 5 ftoorpians - 
-I, 
-V choice of 1.2.3 b e d ' 
X / j t — T v / rooms, fireplace/den 
* X 
VU 
• 2 pools, tennis 
A i spacious clubhouse v 
\ 
ILA - security- 2 4 hour a 
J day professional 
,,Y 
\ management 
J r 

Other Pions 
Available From 

* 3 4 , 9 5 o t o %4 3 , 9 5 o 

Phone 681-7 7 7 7 

BEDROO M 2 

H A LL 

L IV IN G 

 tm NOB rn HIU. r AWUTTMBiTS 
Phase ll 76?fc Callaghan Roar) 
Open weekdays til " 3o p m 
3 4 9 1217 

HITCH** 
ST O R A G E 

OPEN 9 TO 9 DAILY 
Salome Contractors 

3243 NacHdKbis 
Sis Aatsais, Ism 71217 
Pbaas 453-o576 

Pogar 228-7921 

IN NO RT HW ESI 
SAN ANTONIO 

FEATURING 

Wallpaper 

45o TOTAL 
MOVE-IN 
Con volitional 
On Selw tv il Homes 
SIM O T O T A L MOI F - l \ I fbonjiillrJD iU £ * * 2 ABL 

Street2 o / k iA U J M tiA LAM I 

S A # A u lQ & t i& x T iJ U 
Termt 
Amount 
Description 

PLAN # 2 3 1 h i A J I 
MLPL N O A * LL 
13418 
Lacewood 
LANDSCAPED CORNER 

Beautiful new home in woodstone on landscaped corner lot. 3 / 2 / 2 all brick. Deluxe electric kitchen. Other features include central heat and air. Tremendous value at only $34,95o. In Northeast San An­ tonio location. Other plans available from $29,ooo, 
HL P M ! B -K S 

X d i M T I * 
OAT! 
MANAGER 
OLK MOST AFFORDABLE HOMES 
ME.HS TOP QUALITY FOK YOLK MOSEY! 

* 1oo% BRICK HOMES WITH HANDCRAFTED 
A LARGE LOTS WITH TREE SI 
FIREPLACES 

A ENERGY SAVING “SNUG HOME" WITH EXTRA 
* SW IM CLUB & COMMUNITY SCHOOL (UNDER 
INSULATION, SOLAR GREY W INDOW S, ETC 
CONSTRUCTION) 
656 5474 O PEN DAILY 9 9 

 ta 

NEW HOME 
THEATER 

Briarwick 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Saturday February 12 1977 

 a .A * S tfin > D IS PLA Y 
CUA SS I FH O D K A C A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED O t»> tAV 

Success Homes featured today 

The long es ta b lish ed 
Morton / Southwest com­ m u n ity , Valley F o rg e , this weekend will feature the building / developing firm’s highly successful, most recent series of new houses, Success Homes. 
Valley F o r g e , by its name alone, carries over the nostalgic B icen ten ­ nial themes of last year, but the neighborhood off 
O'Connor Road in north­ ea stern San Antonio is one planned for all of the tomorrows. 
So are its new' Success 
Homes. 

 able to offer the well planned houses in a price range starting as low as 
$34,ooo. The firm takes great pride in presenting 
Success Homes as “ a f­ fordable,” invalidating the pessimism maintain­ ing a v e r a g e A m e ric an fam ilies a re u n ab le to afford a new home today. 
A visit to any of the 
Success models in Valley 
Fo rg e will show how a new home remains as the one “ g rea t A m e r ic a n dream ” that can be rea­ lized even this weekend. 
The vast a m o u n t s ot 
Varied plans total s q u a r e footage in the Success plans can be 
The three- and four-be- seen in spacious family droom homes in the Sue- rooms, s e p a ra te dining cess s e rie s c o m p ri s e areas, large living rooms m o re than IO different and family sized patios, floor plans to present a 
Also in c lu d ed a re variety based on m u c h la rg e , d e c o r a t i v e kit- m a r k e t r e s e a r c h and chens with space-saving le ngthy a r c h i t e c t u r a l built-in appliances like studies. 
Magic Chef ranges, vent 
Morton / Southwest is hoods, dishwashers and 

SPACIOUS living room s ore just one featu re of M orton- 
Southw est’s Success H om es in V a lle y Forge 

 s ta in le s s steel W a ste 
King disposers. 
But the scope of Suc­ ce ss H o m e s goes far beyond their “ furnisha- ble” and useful space. 
L u xury a p p o i n t m e n t s add m u c h to how they 

QUALITY craftsm anship m akes appreciate through the years each Schaefer hom e 

 present m o re than the money’s worth 
T hey include s h a g c a r p e t i n g in living rooms, master suites and hallways; privacy fences; woodburning fireplaces; a b u n d a n t c a b i n e t r y in p a n t ry k itc h e n s ; c o m ­ partmented baths; walk- in or wall-to-wall closets; h a n d s o m e pan e lin g ; carefully chosen wall fa­ b rics and b e a m e d cathedral ceilings. 
Buyers can choose colors and p a t t e r n s for both carpeting and wallcover­ ings. 

E ach S u cce ss home f e a tu re s a utility are a and a finished two-car garage. 
An exclusive E n erg y 
Saving Package (E S.P.) for each in c lu d e s un attic-installed Friedrich central air and heat sys­ tem, optimal insulation, s t r a t e g i c window loca­ 

 tions and over-all orien­ tation away from direct sunrays. 
The p o p u la r S uccess series m a k e s 
Valley 
F o rg e a valu e-k e y e d c o m m u n i t y close to a good n u m b e r of m a jo r destination points. It also is in the preferred North 
East School District. 
Appropos to the design of Valley 
F o r g e , its s tre e ts and cul-de-sacs have nam es such as In­ dependence Avenue, Li­ berty Drive and more. 
Valley Forge residents never have to travel far or long for anything, in fact. 
Even 
R andolph 
AFB is a quick drive; so is downtown San Antonio. 
T h e c o m m u n i t y is reached most easily by exiting from N E. III 35 onto O 'C o n n o r Road, proce eding west to the m a rk e d en tra n c e road. 
Independence Avenue. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
Hidden values offered 

As housing costs con­ tinue to increase, today’s home buyer is looking for more than just shelter. 
Ile w an ts long-lasting quality and durability to insure that his home aud neighborhood will be as desirable in five years as it is today. 
Hidden v alu es iii 
Schaefer homes insure that la s tin g qu ality , lower utility bills and old-fashioned comfort, 
Duality craftsmanship and in d iv i d u ali ty distin g u ish S c h a e f e r ’s philosophy of concern for t lie 
I ti ti I \ idual hom e buyer. 
Schaeler has a definite opinion about what con­ s titu te s as w e i i -b u lit home. and it is apparent from a 
\ i s i t to any 
Schaefer subdi\ision. 
It is evident in the planning of each home, the grading of each lot, the p l a c e m e n t of tin house and the design of the floor plant and d ev a lion to maximize views, privacy and distinctive­ ness 
T h e r e is a sense of c o m m u n i t y in each 
S c h ae fe r subdivision 
There are recreational facilities, drain age ays terns and e s ta b l is h e d school and sh o p p in g centers nearby. 
The quality ut crafts manship is also evident throughout the homes 
Its evidence is copper w iring, steel e x t e r io r doors with dead bolts 
3/K-inch wood decking 
1/2-inch carpet padding and professional interior designs. 
Quality workm anship is evident iii the hand land ceramic tile; colon lal handcrafted molding marble vanities, wall fa brie, handle sets on doors and fu rn it u re -fin is h e d cabinetry. 
Homes also include country kitchens, vaulted ceilings, garden atriums aud form al living and dining areas. 
When it comes to con­ se rv in g e n e r g y , each home has a custom-en­ gineered, high-efficiency central air and heat sys­ tem. ducts for optional air flow 31/ ‘inch wall in* saltation and six lo eight inches of blown attic in­ sulation with Thermo Ply insulation on the sides. 
There are also power attic ventilation and win­ dows designed to mini­ mize air infiltration aud m a x im iz e light and v lews. 
There are a variety of designs and floor plans to choose from in Northern 
Hills and Devonshire, with design features like w( M i d - b u r n i n g fireplaces, country k itchens with garden patios and master bedroom suites with pri­ vate dressing areas and baths 
Special VA, FUA and conventional financing is available. 

This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

AT WOOD HILL YOU 
GET AW AY 
BY JUST GOING HOME 

We have one bedroom flats designed to make it easy for you to live just the way you like. When private moments mean more, our one bedroom offers extra large living and sleeping rooms, plus a separate dining room and a large walk in closet. 

You'll enjoy the unique Woodhill Lifestyle — a get away without leaving home. There s lots of fresh a ir. . . quiet nights, three pools, tennis court and two club houses. 

678 SO. FT. 

I'm Buddy Burns. And I’d like to shed some licht on your old home. If your home is 
5 years old or older, chances are it's obsolete. 
That s right, obsolete Be­ cause at the time your home was built, there were virtually no energy-etfi- ciency standards As a result, many San Antonians are faced with utility bdls that may soon exceed their house payments! 

Why NOW Is The Time To Buy. 
Let s look at the facts. Since you invested in your home a few years ago, two things have hap­ pened For one, you've been making house payments for sev­ eral years, so your equity has tow n T iki, since the cost of lidding j new home has stead­ ily increased, the cost of replac­ ing your home has increased 
BUT, because vour old home isn t energy tine lent, it wastes valuable energy. And believe it or not, homeowners around the country are actually beginning to lose money when they sell their older homes Because no- 

 lf 

 body wants to buy a hom e where the cost of heating and cooling exceeds the m onthly paym ents. 
My advice is this: With the money you can make by selling your old home right now, you can probably m a te the dow n paym ent and min e into a new 
Hums Co Power Saver" home today. And, while your house payments may be a little higher, the lower utility bdls should easily offset the difference The only thing you can't afford to do is wait much longer 

Conte See My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ noon to see my new Power 
Saver1 homes in Hidden Forest and The Great Northwest 
You'll see handsome living areas, with plush dcep-pdc carpet, furniture-finished panel­ 

 ing and cabinetry, and wood- burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
"wife saver” kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage, lu x u ­ rious baths with marble vanities and full sue tubs. And elegant master suites, with walk-tn closets and separate dressing areas Priced from $46,OOO to 
$65,ooo. For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
I see map), or vour realtor Re­ member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose. 

-theftH tU U -C O - 

I i s TI Radium, San A ntonin 
Texas 7K216 

Power Savrr IM Model Home at 
M7o6 Timberwilde in The 
- Great Northwest 

W O O D H iU 
A M R T M E N T S 
69o-17oo 
69o-17oo 

ONE BEDROOM FLAT $19o. 

19X12X17 

UN INO KOON! 
L. 

UA*.'.■"**. X Xfttptfl* A »<»«* • '.MMP'-*'**'1* 
I Via*.’ C«»M 

° i / S / V g 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
CHANGING CONCEPTS IN 
___________ADULT LIVING 

L American College 
I of Real Estate, Inc 

 n o t ASHBY / SAN ANTONIO T H U S /87I7 
(St?) 736 7o7S 

 t UWN & UNI URN 
IDI Al IGR (OUPlh 
AND STUttt NL* 

8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 
411 EVEREST 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 

 cu *s.i.«p oi»rt*T w h a t c ia m im io m s k a t 
NorthcliffeEast offers options 

THIS MONTH! 

2 bedroom 2 bath 
$2o5 

HUGE 
WAI A IN 
Cl OSM kitchen with color-coor­ dinated, total electric appliances plus built-in wood cabinets and prac­ tical pantry with washer - dryer area. 

 because 
^ 

 you should 

 enjoy every day 

 you live... 

BEDROOM 
BAIM 

The oversized family room is complete with a large expanse of w in­ dows, including boxed- out window seats and op­ tional handcrafted rock, woodburning fireplace. 

BATH 

BIOROOM 
WASHER 
DRYER 
KITCHEN 

CLOSET 
Cl OSET" 

. . . C O U N T R Y C LU B A PA R T M EN T S pro­ vide everything to moke your life easier, better and truly enjoyable. 

Located right next to Turtle Creek golf course, the beauty and atmosphere sur­ rounding C O U N T R Y C LU B A PA R T M EN T S makes it the ideal location for any living style. 

Com e see all of the things C O U N T R Y 
C LU B A PA R T M EN T S offers for your living pleasure . . . that cost no more than some ordinary places. 

Woodh country 

 i ENTRY 

DINING 
ARIA 
I WING 
ARI A 

A convenient location, country - fresh atmos­ phere and striking inter­ iors are what make 
Woodhill Apartments the choice address in north­ western San Antonio. 
Some recent residents at the apartment com­ munity, 49o9 YVoodstone 
Dr. off the Huebner Road exit from NAV. IU IO, moved there because it’s only minutes from the 
South Texas M edical 
Center and the new 
USAA complex. Others include m ilitary base personnel who chose 

Woodhill for its esthetic value as well as its near­ ness to the air bases. 
W oodhill’s spacious one- and two-bed room studios and one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes art now leasing. Furnished model apartments are on display at the Leasing 
Information Center open daily until 9 p.m. 
Woodhill is reached most easily by exiting from NAV. 
Ill 
IO to 
Huebner Road and pro­ ceeding north to Wood- stone Drive 

BAICONY 

• W ash er and Dryer Connections 

• Ceiling to floor mirrored closet doors. 

• Imported Spanish furniture available. 

• Membership to Turtle Creek Country Club available. 

• A n e le ctric kitchens and appliances. 
CO U N TRY CLUB 
A P A R T M E N T S 

HTWR) F A IR H A V E N O R I V E 
RUSTIC exteriors com bine with the natural setting at 
Woodhill 
Newest homes at 

RPS 5 M * 
> J a, <• ># 
' 
•> 
■■ 
*u*u 

O 
U 
M 
I R A 
D 
O 
R j g g ^ ' 

A P T S . 
M g | 
: 

Quiet Adult Apts. 
4 ^ S 9 

3 2 4 3 
T 
* W 
Nacogdoches 
656-o188 

A PA R TM EN TS O N T H IS P A O I A P I 
S H O W N IN THUR A P P R O X . L O C A T IO N S 
TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM IO 
ADULT t FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 

4 9 o 9 W o o DSTo NE 

° E L M ADRID 
APARTMENTS 

• Firep laces 
• W a sh e r- D ry e r 
• "C o m p le te '' A ll 
C o n n ection s electric kitchens 
• A ll Bills P a id 

6 9 6 -2 8 4 6 
6111 Vanct Jackson 

NORTH EM 16o4 

O C O U N T R Y C L U B 
A P A R T M E N T S 
» 
The 

* 'A t a m a n 

3 9 3 9 F re d erick sb u rg Rd. 

BRStyUby 
Q ufenvestors 

CLAS SIRICO DI S et* X 

The H eritage 

Apartments 

I I d iffe re n t flo or p lan s — 

A ll w ith p atio s 

Priced from $ 2 1 5 — A ll Bills P a id 

1543 Babcock 
341-222 

February 1977 
Son Antonio Schedule 

Practice of R.E. 
Feb. 7-11 
5 Day 

Principles of R E. 
Feb. 7-22 
8 Night 

Practice of R E. 
Feb. 12-2o 
Weekend 

Basic Fundamentals 
Feb 14-18 
5 Day 

Principles of R E. 
Feb. 21-25 
5 Day 

Bosk Fundamentals 
Feb. 26 Mar 6 Weekend 

Practice of R E. 
Feb 28 Mar. 4 5 Day for fro* Catalog Call 73A-2o7S 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

APARTM EN TS. 
HOUTON ST 

ASQUTmCROS^ ltVD, 
H O M E S T Y IE A P A R M E N T 
L IV IN G 
4515 Gardendale 
6 9 1 -1 o 4 4 

© T h e B R I T T A N Y 
W ith Ideal Locations 

A 
S O P H IS T IC A T E D A D U L T C O M M U ­ 

N IT Y W IT H A P O O L IN E A C H C O U R T ­ 

Y A R D 
H A LF B L O C K O F F L O O P 4 1 o 

N E A R N O R T H S T A R M A L L. 

86o7 JONIS MALTSBERGER 
3 4 1 - 3 1 2 6 
Fit Your Needs 

© 
2 
L - j M 
V n o i g n a t h i u . 

B ^ P P A M R T M B m 

Nob Hill Apartments off IN-IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
_ SUWR LOCATION 
•UNCO AT JACKSON KELLER 
7543 SOUTH SEA UNS 
341-6251 

Ll 
NOR THI AST A R IA 

M o r r i l l & l a z a 
I A 2 ROR. A TOWNHOUStS 
Garden ap** wt»H < leon wall kept tpoooul drownd*, po Hoi. balcon***, pool, walk lo .hop­ ping, I •citola* plu* 

Perrin-Aeitel Rd. 
655-7122 

8 U n H o U B R 
• •aatut ara bm * f im a ta 
You owe it to yourself to see our apartments 
2SS4 Northeost Loop 41o 6S6-1222 

N O R T H G A T E 

S39 EUANOR 
824-oo19 

W E S T G A T E 

 ountry Village 
F R E N C H C H A L E 1 
165o JA C K SO N KELLER 

THM ULTIMATA APARTMENT 
COM M UNIT Y 
344-4616 

A p a rt m in t- 
.I, 2* IS bedroom* 
'n H-||.)» Ii*ii**; for faun hr- allo uinUr-l jim ! « 

 f r o m 

H IU ) l. o u iiln N illu y i- 
H 2H -17 
T h a t'* riAslil! F o r only £ 1 7 o and tip x i i i can leapt 
I >4*a ti t i I ti I I or 2 be dro om apt. al Fen Went with: 

• Fireplace* 
• P r is o n * S t o r a g e 
• Littered Parking a 2 Po*.I- • 2 batman 
• S e c u r it y S e r x ie e 

• P a r t s K o o i i i 

• I L I* I T I I I H l > P A I D 

S T O P lo * .k in g nut* a n d tlrix i* o u t III D I W c a t — tak«- lilt* 
W u r / lt a t h E x i t a m i *tax «tii a t t e - a r«tatl u n t il s o u nee o u r aim 

'a u m 
LA PLAZA APTS 
“ TENNIS WORLD” 

UR BM INO ANO USMUAM. IM* o A A A . TAMMI! 

A N A D U H A P A R T M IN T C O M M U N IT Y 
A U AMI NI THS • O N 6 o S U N I • O N I 
BLOCK H O M ST MARY S a O N E H O C K 
I KOM SHOPPING • TURN A OOI 

I, 2 A I ROM 
UTILITIES PO. 

3 4 o 1 W 
W O O D L A W N 
4 3 4 - 9 3 9 4 
A SOS BOS* AAaStMtNl I QMAAUM.fr 

I Mr ar ( . r e J I . |.j||i». t O il* I m r III |» 4 i n . l- o r 

I ' j r k M j H. H a i «I..1(.Ei a m i I u r l a a m . 

L u x u n F ix in g in V K . h ail Xiii*.iii*. 

P a r k C d l D i i r 
* 
L I N D A A P T S . 
235 HOWARD oH 11OO N. MAIN 

I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk 
Mom Bonk, lubys. Expressway, 
Hospitals. Adults Only 
226-8492 

A y e rf m e u t C o m m u n i t y 

TV MOINI OMO SI(U«m~GAiOt I NTiOS 

LUAUHQUS aUlJtOON gym I SAUNAS , 
1 1 1 AOA 
I A 2 NATH 
I/O ITO (turn AAil UUUT4S N 
2o11 BANDERA RO 
434-419 
W H *rat. 4 CaHMftuM* 
A 9e6 le a s M a r t w a a i Cam iMyMMy 
Ten West 

Fo r th e tru th , 
Compare 

1o16^ Sahara Drive, lust 
••st ai Sen Pedro north 
3 4 9 - 2 6 1 7 a t L o a d N IO 

A N A P A R T M E N T H O M E 

U N F O R G E TI A B H A S ITS N A M E 
<o*1 J I MMM. i CK A HOM JU** UM*.IMI .AM 
SOS) BROADWAY 
14-oo61 
8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NSW S— Saturday February 12 1977 

CLASSIFIED 

B e t t e r L i v i n g 

S e c t i o n 

• Real Estate 
• M obile Hom es • Rentals 

IN D C X 

M A I IS TAT1 j f A f t | 

7o1 Reel Estate Notues 
7o? Hornet Open for Imperium 
7o4— Property Out of Town 
2ok~ Condominiums ♦ Townhouses 
2o8 Apartments, ouple*es 
71o - Mouse* ~ Northeast 
71? Houses—Northwest 
214- Houses Southeast 
716- Houses - Southwest 
718 - Houses Moved ond Wrecked 
77o Houses for Trode 
77? Miscellaneous Real fstote 
774 Houses. Vole or Rent 
776 - Suburban Property — Aereoge 
778 Resort Properties 
73o- lots 
73? forms ond Ranches 
734 - farms and Ranches for Rent 
736 Commercial Property Vole 
738 Commercial Property (lease) 
74o Commercial Property (Wanted) 
74? Industrial Property for Vole 
744 - Industrial Property for lease 
746 Industrial Property Wanted 
748 Office Vpoce for leose 

25o -Office Space Wanted 
757 - Real Estate Veil or I xchonge 
754- Real {state Wonted 
756 - Real fstote loans-Notes 
758 - Real {state loans Wonted 

M O m i l H O M E S r am 

3o 7 — Mobile Homes for Rent 

R E N T A L S 
I S 

4o1 - Apartments furnished 
4o? Housekeeping Apt f urn 
4o4 Apartments, Unfurnished 
4o6 Houses. Duplexes furnished 
Houses. Duplexes 
Unfurnished 
Houses, Rent or Veil 
-Rooms, furnished 
414 Rooms, Unfurnished 
416 - Rooms with lonrd 
418 Wont to Rent or lease 

4o8 

41o 
417- 

S A N A N T O N IO 
REAL ESTATE SE C T IO N S o 
N O RTH W EST 
H O M E S 

NO RTH EAST 
H O M E S 

2o2 HQtiSfSOPEH 
‘ 
1282-IT O mn 

Looking for a new home? 

T O D A Y S Y O U R LUCKY DAY ... 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 

$39,95o to $55,ooo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
Meadow Wood North 
494-6163 

$29,95o to $4o,ooo 
Jones Maltsbgr ot Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-11 23 

$37,9oo to $5o,ooo 
FM 471 of Culebro 

• VA, 
FHA, Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double Garages • North East or Northside 
Schools 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
* HUNTER S CREEK 
P R E S T IG E H O M E S i V g ® * ~ 

I S a 
- 2 r 
B ehoot O tt lr *t 
• ftwcrexHon ss M n 
• Korn#* *9o.ooo lo USQ .OOO j . . 
I * * * , Denton otto C M M * Nw m m . Ch 
J 
Y . i s r 
SS* * 

492-1o«8 * 494-5249 • 492-2272 

2o8 • APARTMERTrS-injPlEXFS 

IO unitv J fully occupied, I need m a in te n a n c e re p a ir, ideal for m ain tenance m on, $4ooo down and assum e loan of 
$$9,ooo. 
82849o7 

VA A P P R A IS E D D U P L E X E S 
$15,ooo each, 2 addicent b ld g* 
1824-113o N Pine. Sfeodv Income, walking distance Ft Sam lf p ur­ chased together will include all furnishings. 
Income 
$48o mo. 
824 2o5o 
W IL L T R A D E , deed to lol or iofs at Canyon Lake com m ercial or residential tor eauitv in income property 455-4249 

21o HD8SES4oRTHEAST 

W R O SE W O O D N E A R B U S 
Large duplex, good income 
227 o227 Watson A Son 
732 2435 

21o HOUSESNORTHEAST 

ELEGANT 

WITH U SY LIVING... 
A 4 llAiiih mr I Udttm wrth hwy* cewwttwf $rtt«f 
UMM* N RMBtBT b>dr«oM. 
* 
Canst* OcttAm firs pion 
* Larg* bvtHtn mot ber 
* 
(xpendtoe carpet, waif pep#', mort** *a*tty top*. viwyf (bott, color oppkanan, hitch** cewttwr top, eft. 

A Wr#eadod by yoH court*. 
$6o,95o 
9 leo ie call 
659-1261 

$1 VA move in or Conv. 
Northcliff* 

Country Club Estates 

GoH-Teimis-Swim 

T O 
T t T T S t c t s y y y l t t i t 

OPEN SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
1:oo to 6:oo p m 
CHURCHILL ESTATES 
1 4 7 1 4 C H U R C H IL L F 5 T A T IS B O U L E V A R D 

S U P f R B H O A X E S B Y J E S S E A N D B R U C E B A K E R 
See ttm exciting new I bedroom home in an exciting new area This finely constructed native loch home blends beautifully with the surrounding native 
I on Its The Virgie living area is high lighted by a fireplace conversation pit 
I formal dtnina in the separate dining room, informal dining in the garden 
I room Othei features include energy saving construction, automatic garage j door opener, smoke detector alarm 163,ooo 824 o121 ANYTIME 

T f o s o u r t c k f i i m 
. 
REALTORS — 5o YEARS OF TRUST 

JUST LISTED 

5 rooms, 
2 baths, fireplace, 
2 car garage, appliances, spiff bedroom s, 1 o o % brick, 
I year. O w ner transferred, $ 3 2 ,5 o o 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

2o1 RH I ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

VA SALIS LISTINGS 

Equal Housing Opportunity 

Correction from 1-11-77: 

19/22 — Dooms should read 3 -4Vj- 
I 

N E W B U S IN E S S 

2689o9 
752/ Sweet Volley S7I.2/S 

4 1 
M SO 
3 7 1 

Statement required, owneiship and operability of range and oven unknown. 

Subject to change in puce, prior sale or withdrawal at any time without notice Offers to purchase will not be accepted where the broket has foiled lo submit lo YA a segued copy of VA form 76 SI38 joint HUD VA non discnmmation certification The best qualified ofter will be accepted horn those tectived within S work days of the public appearance of the in itiol at revised listing Soles com mission on S S of sales, payable on dosing 

O F F E R S R E C E IV E D 

787191 loco Gilbert Slotei 
159o3 lobo 7o/67 Motet 
Martinet 
345554 Interstate Defooto 
7 MTO Slater McVey 

O F F E R A C C E P T E D 
7o851 McVey 

O F F E R R E JE C T E D 
37933/ Green 

CODED KHI W OkIDS ONEY 

A T T E N T IO N ! G O V T H O M E S are all ever town, down payment 
$26 a n d up 
C o ll G R E A T E R 
V A L U E R E A L T Y 451 4143 

BEFORE YOU SEIL 
Let us m ake a C A S H otter tor your home-ar equity Call now 1 
The 
Home 
M ort ess t?OI 
B u y R e al Astore, fo re c lo su re s cheap Sub scrib e F o re c lo su re s 
Report 223 499o 

C A S H f o r H O M E S 
We Buy H O M E S and E Q U IT IE S 
Honest, Efficient, and Fa st Se r­ vice We pay all C losing Costs 
Coll Tony or Bernice, lei e lls 
SE C C IA . R E A L T O R S s intl lot your Norths,dr rgu-lv 
Larry B ornebeyM ) 4455. 444 7*o9 

W A N T E D 
Heme in E Central. $4,ooo equity, 
$2oo m o n th ly p a y m e n t, 3 be rf rooms. 2' i baths We howe very serious client Call Jim 
$32 $232 
H IT E S 337-4823 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

WF Ll BUY YOUR HUME 
Fo r cash Fast Service Will trade 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344 Joel 
R E A L T O R 
W HY F A V R E N T ’ Own your own home. no down paym ent lo a n ­ yone1 Paym ents less than rent 
Lloyd Montgom ery 
454 18o4 

OPEN 2 to 6 
43o7 MUIRHEID 
IN TH! VII UG I IN OAK HULS, Beau­ tiful 3 bedroom. 2 both garden home with comer fireplace ond wet bor rn family room 7 community pools and dub house. S/8,5oo. 
Abo, another 3 7 garden home for 
S/3,5oo 
4313 MUIRHEID 
IN THC VILLAGE IN OAK HULS An ex cephortofly beautiful ? bedrooms, 
2 '/r both, contemporary bright and cheerful home with study and wet bai dub house, 2 community pools 
S89 ooo 
6815 SPRING MANOR 
Spotless 3 2 2, country kitchen, fin ished garage, low assumption Great far beginners 
Triced lo sell 
$29,5oo 
77o7 PIPERS CREEK 
Nice single hying oleo, 3 1 VV 7. dose to schools ond shopping mm utes from lock land low equity, 
^ • * [vnsession, priced lo sell 

15o15 ELKTON 
Sharp 3 7 2, new home rn Son 
Pedro Mills fireplace wall to watt carpeting, ond many extras 
SSS, 5oo 

3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 
8 2 8 - 8 2 4 1 

4 9 4 - 7 7 1 1 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

O R I N H O U S E 

N O O N T O D U S K 

Come see oui unbelievable puces of new homes 

S633 CREEKWOOD in W o o d s f o n e 

141o3 SWALLOW 

 in ti C h a p a r r a l 

Prices range from $29 9oo and up Three ond four bedrooms, oH 
Nacogdoches Rd 

6 5 6 - 3 o o o 

I TDE AM ll OWCMS 
I Aw - 
H A I TORS-BMS 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

P L U S H T O W N H O M E rial encl! 
Ina decor, centered around a lush, fountained a trlu m l B eautiful, slate floors, m arble fireplace in liv in g a re a 
.2 bed room suites 
(with m arvelous master bath!) 
$47,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 4811 
Guy Chipman Cb 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

3 bedroom, 2' i both, luxury 2 story Tow nhouse, 2 ca r fin­ ish e d g a r a g e 
54o,5oo 
484-o711, 484 8311, 344 4397 

A Beautiful nome, J-2-1. M ust see to appreciate! AM e x tra s plus more, convenient lo R A F B and pork prep 458 1473 ah S, 529,ooo 

A C L A S S I C IN 
S A N P E D R O H I L L S 
The Owner w atched them build this gorgeous 4 bedroom hom e piece by piece 
1oo% rock, extro insulation plus m any more enerqy savin g features. Q uality every where you look. B y appt Onlv 
Call 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
_________R E A L TO R S 

W H Y P A V R E N T . O w n th is! beautiful Townhome and gain the tax advantages Tastefully decor oted 3 bedrooms, 2’ i baths, plenty j of closet spoce. extro storage, I excellent location 
RED CARPET 
342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
494-5o77 
W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E S n-Town 
Location 
Super 
Amenities 
31o2 Eisenhauer 
824-43o1 

2o8 APARTMENTSGUPlfXES 

OPEN HOUSE 
FEB. 12,1 TO 5 
PM. 

1222 TEMPIE SQUARE 

Ft I DI SK X MOOK - J viewy home with J bedrooms. VH bottle, double garage 411 ap phone tv. wet bor rn family loom, Ixtplort in hvmg room 
Swimming pool and privacy ten ce 
C e n t u r y 21 

R J . R a n s o m R e o lt y 
6 7 3 - 7 7 o 1 

5 p e n S a t u r d a y 2 - 5 
•58o2 CARV GRANT a 
Oak Hills Terrace W u rib a rh lo I 
Mer kins lo Cory G rant On a hill 1 crest with panoram ic V IE W Very in v itin g ra m b le r, 1 2 2 . den I 
(24X15), FP, high beamed celling 
Separate d in in g room , electric I 
Ih ru o u t. 
M in u te s to 
U T S A , 
M edical Com plex, U S A A , L o ck ! land , K e lly 
D o n 't m is s th is! i 
R E A L T O R S . I24-2J47. 
Thelma B. Praissman 

SIN GARREN 
Surrounded by Spanish reek and high lighted by oak trees C o ly home has 3 bedrooms. 211 baths with reek wall Heavily insulated 
O p en S A T U R D A Y A N O S U N ­ 
D A Y D R IV E IN T O T H E W O O O S 
O F S H A V A N O and turn left lo 
444) SH A V A N O W OOOS 

JUST LISTED 
Nu* duplex, with $736 monthly in com* on I Sooth cross Own*! pay wat*r only Price $16,9oo Owner will finance (oil Jim, rotes 33/ 4873 
HIGHLAND PARK 
DUPLEX 
Plus efficiency apartment 
Income potential of $75o month fxcellenl in vestment (oft louis*, rotes 533 8446 
S UNITS 
Separate meters, excellent occupancy 
$4o OOO 
Shelton record, good income, onli 
Owner will finance 
(ol 
Cottendet, rotes 973 4631 

D A Y S 8 to 8 
532-3252 
C E N T U R Y 2 1 

Wakefield Realtors 

ACT NOW! 
On th is s p o tle ss 3 b e d ro o m home H os o 4th bedroom that can be office, study, or dining room 
Carpeted throughout. C o ve re d patio. Fru it trees, large fam ily room with fireplace This is the charm ing complete home in Son 
Pedro Hills M id 4o $ 
349 4343 or 349 3535 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blanco Rd Ole 

A GREAT U M HOUSE 
For a man and his spouse! Coil now before the rush starts lo see this neat little hom e located in 
N O R T H E A S T P A R K , Outstand mg features include dishwasher, new range, refrigerator, and new w oter heater 
F u ll p ric e only 
$2o,9oo $3ooo down. A ssum e VA loan al $18o per month. 
656-3ooo A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Ce 
R E A L T O R S Perrin Bedel Ofc 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
N E W O N M A R K E T 
3 bed room , I both. su n ro o m , hardwood floors, covered patio. won t last long! 824-o284, 824-3/64 
STEVEY TINCH 
Alam o Heights, by owner, 2 be­ droom, I bath. large living room, seporote dining 824 4945 

FAIRFIELD 
First Offering 
3 bedroom, 2 both, 2-story nome on col-de soc in pork like area. Greot location! N E. schools. Includes extra lot, approx 
6ox1oo low 
3o s. 
Dodge Borlon 655-o/o/, 824 68o8 
WINDCREST 
Colonial - Split-Level 
4 bedroom, 3 VV bath brick home on cul de sac 
Spirt bedroom ar­ rangement with 2 moster suites. 
On# lorge Itvingarea ond separate dining room. 7/oo sq. ft. with many extras Low 8os. George leGrond 
655-o/o7. 653 o865 

21o HOUStS NORTHEAST 

3oMECRAJ 

$ 1 M O V E IN V A 
CONVHm ONAl 5 % DOWN 
No Payment Till April 7 7 
We boyg se verdi 3 bedroom plans. 
$3tJMo-$34,95o 
AU KOMIS FEATURE: 
^ 1oo% Bn ck C&mtru chon ^ 
Hand* rafted 
Waodburmng 
Fire^pkote \S fm©rcjy tv*' Saving 
Pockijgj^ b*' Carpet 
Central nW<7t air 
Deluxe Magic Chef oil 
Electric Kitcfren g**' 2 Cor Garage 
5 FURNISHED MODELS 
O P E N 9 - 9 
W O O D S T O N E 
C A L L J O H N G IL L IA M 
6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 

“ALAMO HGTS. 
SCHOOLS” 
We offer this 4 bedroom home, ap­ prox. 73oo sq ft., living room 18 ft. with fireplace, separate 147x14, walk to schools 

“TERRELL HILLS” 
Price reduced on this 4 bedroom, 

2 bath home, large living room, separate dining, newly pointed in­ side ond out Alamo Hgts. Schools. 

“IT S A DILLY DON T 
DALLY” 
In Terrell Hitts we offer this 3-2, large family room, 3 carport, 
7ox12 storage room, the price is right. Coll anytime. 

822-33o1 

HARTMAN REALTY 

By Owner, 3 2-2, custom built, m a n y e x tra fe a tu re s, tre e s, 
654-7755, 64t4 Nathan, Hale, Open house. Sat Sun I to 6 P M 

BY OWNER 
537oo equity, located in B ro o k ­ wood • adjacent to Windcrest. 3 bedroom s. 2 full baths, fam ily room with fireplace, living room ond form al dininq. Double self cleaning oven, dishw asher, g a r­ bage disposal, large patio, drapes and cu rtain s rem ain Paym ent 
$415 Must sell, 456 o367 
B y O W N E R : 3-2-2, fire p la c e , cathederol ceilings, shag carpet, ceder patio cover, fenced, oir- heot, No Agents, 533,95o 453 7532 
B Y O W N E R : 3 2, g a ra g e con verted, central air heat, fenced yard, co ve re d patio. $!9i M O 
$25oo equity, N E ISO, Coll otter $ 
456-2919 
B Y O W N E R 
IN C A M E L O T I, 
Sto3 M E R L IN , 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, fireplace in livin g room and den. C a th e d e ro l ce ilin g s, g a r a g e c o n v e rte d Into g a m e room, covered patio, utility room, tully carpeted, plus other extras 
539,5oo 655-3253 
BY O W N E R IN C A M E L O T 
Move in tom orrow! 2 years old, 
175o sq ti, 4 bdrm, 2 bath, form al living room, lorge den with fire­ place, extras, near schools, shop ping. $5ooo below market, 535oo equity, no qualifying. 456-3522 
B Y O W N E R , new w all to w all | carpet throughout, im m ediate possesion, 3-2-2. all appl, air, heat, 
1525 Sa.FL, low no qualifying as sumption or new loan 
534,5oo ' 
656-8123 
By O W N E R N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
3-2 2, cathedral ceiling, shag cor pet, priv fence, 533,5oo M U S T 
S E L L ! 655-8111__________________ 
By Owner, O lym pia. U n ive rsa l 
City; 4-2 2. la r g e fam ily room. 
Cathedral ceiling, fireplace. Liv mg room. Dining room, Breakfast nook Cent heat air, w oter so! terrier, covered patio Large lot, cul-de sac, 7»*% VA Loon, $44,ooo 
458-9138 
______________________ 
By owner Ronchland Hills 3-2-2, central air heat. large open livinq orea with c a th e d ra l ce ilin g s, covered patio ond fenced yard. 
653 8743 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E Referrals to other homes 
“ For Sate By O w ner" 342-9393. 
Son Antonio Hom eowners Assoc • 

ELEGANT LUXURY 
A L A M O H G TS SC H O O LS 
A D J O IN IN G 
N O R T H W O O D 
E S T A T E S 
Being built by an incom parable builder A flexible pion For de tails call 
FRANCES LEVENSON 
225-2398 
A N Y T IM E 
732 4951 

ENO OF THE HUNT 
O ver 22oo sq.ft. 3 bedroom , 2’ * bath oversized double g a ra q e 
U ltra la n d sc a p in g . H a s m any built-ins, large fireplace, cover breeze way patio A great floor plan This is a brick beauty Now on the market in a quiet Hidden 
Forest 
34 9 4 3 4 3 or 349-3535 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Bronco Rd. Ofc 
E V E R Y T H IN G N IC E 
3-2-2, paneled den, bay window breakfast to lovely yard, fruit trees, privacy fence Workshop. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

EXCELLENT LOCATION 
This sharp 4 bedroom home is in popular Reqency Place. Prestige hom e with fireplace and other extras. W alk to elem entry and 
M a c A r t h u r sc h o o ls. $52,9oo. 
Mites, 344 1412 
828*8241 
DO N JO HNSO N, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
E X C E P T IO N A L L Y C L E A N and 
Im m e d ia te P o s s e s s io n . 3 b e ­ droom. 2 bath plus all appliances. 
Assum e low equity or refinance 
Call 341 4666. nites 344 7o36. 
Don Bouchette 
A CO INC R E A L T O R S M L S 

2 FIREPLACES PLUS 
4 large bedrooms. 3 luxury baths, 
21 ft family room, bar, large pool, custom carpets and drapes. Cen­ tro! treat air. 
824-4521, nites 
674-o744 
Turner Really 

FIRST OFFERING 
3 bedrooms, with converted gor- I oge, fenced yard with tots of trees i 
Assum e low monthly paym ents OI I 
$92 Priced At $17,25o 
G E N E W ILSO N 
654-3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 1 
KEY GROUP 
I 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
T E R R E L L H IL L S -A H SC H O O L S ! 
Eniov elegance and present day luxury in this 3-3 in choice loca­ tion. Living room with FP, form al d ining G ard e n room op e n s to brick terrace in picturesque yard. 
E q u ip p e d g o u rm e t kitc h e n . 
824-2439 R E A L T O R S 
JONES«KING 

BIG HOME!! 

33oo SO. FT. 
IN MG SUWfoUNWMG 
* 5 b k H M •( 4 wits bags num. iv n x k i M m u m . I extra lory* u h u h 
$«4>x mu mirk yrivat* talk 
* Cantar tai a (vary kaitl-ia eye! NKX ai tai 

 a 
HAayni^caat trraytaca 
Tao am aal naryma Wa keen ty al lim kame . Caam tat 

^ ‘H 659-1261 

Th* big home-only 

$87,ooo 
VA or Conventional 
North c Jiffe 
Country Club Estates 
GoH-Tennis-Swrm 

CAMELOT ll 
8 4 1 9 G L E N B R E E Z E 
Beautiful yard, trees, garden, plus lovely 3 bedroom, 2 both, double garage home All walt to wall, cover ed patio, ideal family home Call for appointment to see1 
71o3 GLEN CREEK 
Corner lot, privacy fence, and dou hie finished garage All odd to the 

21o MOSES N f f l m 
2 1 o I f l W m - m t A S T 

WHY RENT 
WHEN YOU CAN BUY 
FOR LESS? 
Here ore some pluses No down payment: dosing cost as low as 
$7o; 3 and 4 bedrooms available, some with ok and appliances VA eligibility not required Coli lots 
Beall for information. 653 6364. 
BETTER THAN NEW 
Well maintained 
3-yeor old home with odded extras like paneled workroom 3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, plus fomily room All op plionces ond drapes included 
$28,99o Coll Dee lewis at 653- 
6364 
DON T WAIT 
This 3-2-1, located in El Chap poral, won t wort for you Extras include dishwasher, garbage disposal, stove, utility room, to name just a few Drapes remain. 
Call us at 653 6364 to s«e today 

NORTHWOOD 
- 

 lovely large 3 bedroom, V/i bads on corner lot in choke aref* 
Fireplace in family room, wit# built ins Quarters. Covered porch and tiled patio 
Automatic qorage, magnificent trees 
$79,5oo Nites 655 7394 

PARK VILLAGE 

Northeast 
NE 
Schools, 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, hvmg ond (ami 
|y rooms, CW and FHA appraisal at $23,5oo Nites 492 1oo3. 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
454-SSM 4*1-112) $41*1*1 

 ny n< room, 2 both home. The fireplace is another attraction that can t be overlooked. Assume 7V«%. 
C e ll 6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 

 lite amie Owens 
Bf AlTOft$-Ml$ 

H 
E 
H 

TLTTENTIOI 
N O N VETS 
H o w a v a ila b l e in 
• p r e s t ig io u s 
NORTHCLIFF!: 

1 
$ 4 5 o M O V E IN 
1 
C O N V E N T IO N A L 

For mer* information nill 
639-1161 
Or Come Out Todoy^ 

— 
; 
— 

U S T IN G N E E D E ^ 

 in 
CAMELOT 
OME. 
Our salesman ED REED is sold our and needs a house to sell. 
He will keep property open 6 days a week until if s sold. 
We'll advertize too! 
CALL TODAY!! 
- 
> I 
828-6343, e ve s. 8 2 6 - 2 6 9 9 

| CORNELIUS 

4 ASSOCIATES t i 

LOW EQUITY! 
3-3-7 with approx. 1*oo aq. ft. of luxury, leas them I year ald. Low equity af 
S I 7oo mad asmalte botone# of S3 *,ta o at S a ra war me. 
F annal ^ g ri^ lliw n a d ^ rivtejj 

Wrop*pco"b3 w — n twin slid­ ing doers opening eat ta wren aa— 
J — ■*- 
— 
*— * hoe* eh deluxe 
Uke new cendHton. 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 
TWIN CREEK 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
SPANISH Neat 3 2 2, sunken one living area, fireplace, formal dining. lots of built ins! $46,ooo 
CONTEMPORARY Well planned 3 7 
2, in THE OAKS. Vaulted living and dining, fireploced den, sunny breokfost room. $49,7oo. 
MORE! 
CALL TODAY 
69o-98o2 

W M 
G R E A T 
A M E R IC A r e a l t o r s ! 

N E E D M O R E R O O M ? 
M ove up to this gorgeous 3 be­ droom with larqe fam ily room, 
P L U S liv in g and d ining room , carpeted throughout, and a fire­ place, tool Low 4o's. A V A IL A B L E 
NOW ! Niles 454-2939 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R 453 6182 Anytim e 
N EW L IS T IN G 
4-2-2, for lorge fam ily at a low price. Near W indsor P a rk M all and Ft. Sam . Se p a ra te liv in g room and family room. Finished g a r a g e w ith b u ilt-in sto ra g e cabinets. New root. Open term s 
$27,ooo. 
Century 21 
653-8131 BHY 735 oo66 

AH Brick Duplex, Castle Hills. 3 bedroom , 2 baths, central heat and air coch side with all electric kitchens Lots el closets N e ar sch ools and sh op p in g ce n te rs 
$49,5oo 342-o754 

ALL R U C K **** 
O n ly '» b lo ck to J e ffe rs o n 
High Very desirable 2 story Du plea with J bedroom s each apart­ ment Excellent location M id JO s 
IM M E ID A TE 
P O S S E S S IO N 
344 8348 

C U ST O M 
SPhS S M d im 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
494244$ 
R EA LT O R S M LS 

A L A M O H G T S SC H O O L S . 3 be­ d ro o m s, 2 b o th s. h u g e den, spacious corner lot. $26,5oo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 hi 8 pm 
A 
L A N D M A R K 
IN 
T E R R E L L 
H IL L S 
This handsom e estate, built by 
Hogy, is on a lovely street , with p ro fe s s io n a lly la n d sc a p e d , spnnklered grounds ond a very lorge. garden patio and a beau­ tiful pool Perfectly maintained, gracefully traditional in design, this brick home hos fireplaces in the form al living room and the ooneld fam ily room A com ely dining room has a boy window and spoce tor a sit down dinner p o rty ! 6 b e d ro o m s (or S p lu s q u a rte rs), e ach w ith i f s ow n both A home to re m e m b e r.. in the Alamo Heights school district. 
O F F E R E D AT 
$25o,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
124-9431 
Guy Chipman Co 

A S S U M E 7 % loan, b e a u tifu l 
Spanish 3 2-2 In Cam elot, h u g * m aster suite beam ed ceilings, extras. By owner. Consider equity in smaller home in partial trode 
NO A G E N T S P L E A S E 4SJ 4333. 
333-2)23 

B Y O W N E R ; Spacious 3-2 2, large living, den, with cathedral ceiling, separate dining, 173o sa It., con venment to 
North 
Star 
Moll 
342 6428_________________________ 

BY OWNER WINDCREST 
L a r g e 4 b e d ro o m hom e, sid e entry garage hill country view from rear patio Automatic sprin­ kler system. 1oo% stone L arge fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e 
$81,9oo. 59o7 W IN D IN G R ID G E 
B Y 
A P P O IN T M E N T N O 
A G E N T S, 453-7271 

CALIFORNIA 

A S S U M E $144 M O N T H 
3 b e ­ drooms. carpet, air, near W indsor 
Mott Make offer vacant 
494 742oWA Y N E S L A T E R 349 9278 

O P E N C O N ST R U C T IO N . Custom drapes, a deck across the patio ond a fireplace, are lust a few ol the extras in this all well keot 3 bedroom borne 
494 3448. A N Y T IM E 
M LI R U I ESTATE 

C A L L 
N O R T H LO O P INC., R E A L T O R S for ony Real Estate Need 
____________828-5434___________ 

CAMELOT 
It $ a b ig g ie ' 194$ sqft 2 story 
4-2* i-2 on treed lot. Carpeted, drapes, tee m aker re in g . other extras Im m acu late $46,ooo on easy assumption 
824-238$ john Mathi$ 
653 7ooo 
Seitz A Associates, Realtors 
J 2-2, Corpetgd, central air, inter com, fireplace club house, swim ming hopi $37 HIO 45* 2281 

FIRST DFFERING 
ALAMO HGTS 
Terrific do-over large rooms, high ceilings, wood floors, fireplace, living room and m aster open to sun room. Decorators delight! 
824- $891 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
824-8473 Anytim e 

FIRST OFFERING 
O F F D E V IN E RO 
H om es seldom tor sole in this! lovely hidden area 3-2 with fire­ place In living room. Country kit­ chen and family room combo with fireplace Finished basement with both m akes perfect playroom. 
732 1291 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
824-8473 Anytim e 

FIRST OFFERING 
MONTE VISTA 
U nique M e d ite rra n e a n stucco with colum ned entry Exquisite in te rio r detail. B e a m e d liv in g room with fireplace, 3 or 4 be­ drooms, qts. 124 5893 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
824 8673 Anytim e 
F O R F A S T title service with no u n n e c e ssa ry delay let A L A M O 
T IT L E 
CO hoodie the 
Oeol 
227o231 

JUST LISTED! this pretty 3-2-2, is in highly de­ s ira b le R e g e n c y P la c e . F ir e ­ place. drapes and refrigerator. 
Walk to elementry ond M a cA rth ­ ur Schools Excellent condition 
Only 549,ooo Niles, 655-2437 
828-8241 
DO N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

KINE WILLIAM 
Historical District, restored 1883 
Stone Cottage Duplex or single fomily Central air ond heat, large corner lot. $42,5oo firm. 824-1244 

2Q*pw»ran obt ut town 

A w hot^?T?»TiSo!TTnTdg7onow n on paved street with a m odern home ond new steel com m ercial b u ild in g in n e a rb y D e v in e 
4*3 $439 atter dork 

BIANCO TEXAS 
B ig native rock home with 4 be dream s, and 2 both*. • cen tral , neat and air New root. new oaint. ♦ G R A C E L A IR D 714 4215. 734 ooo7 new w iring O ver acre lot J 
B E T W E E N m T I n O F ftF o e fe m ore a c re s a v a ila b le $34,5oo 
5 ------- o l " 

44 and l l U N I V i Hiah return en law equity Good area 45J o44o 
S A N IE X C O , R E A L T O R S 
4 ABY4., appliances, to i niture. separate m eters W ill finance 
$27.5oo Owner Agent. 82*o4o2 
M A C O N HH. I 
2 story dugiex with garage opt 
Live in one 2 bedroom apt and hove $3oo incom e from other 2 opts 
Excellent shape 
Separate meters 

S CASH $ 
JR H O M E OH 
F O R Y O U # H O M E Q R E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G C O ST S 
9244)11 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
~ 
F I O W E R A N f c W r i H d * in large mall Write F L O W E R S . 
P O Box 2o)3. San Antonio, 78297, giving nome and phone no i m m I B 't'ittTI'T A i f i---------- 
For Your Home We pay all clos mg casts! we also take trades 
Can 
494 5371 
435 4474 
332 3333 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S m m m m m ------------- 
•I NEED IO HOUSES^ 
San A ntonio R e a l E sta te p a y s cosh tor yours in 72 hours I pay alt closing cost 3494531 s$$$$$$$$$s$$$$$$$ iTITYl n S s ’n I I b t '6 --------- 
Hove buyers tor Highland Park. 
College Heights H ighlands High 
Areas Professional Service 
E D NA M R O SIN ________$33 9444 
~N*e«J To Sell Your Home Ikawf 
For F A S T SE H V IC E — Call 
344 SS44 Hart M cCorm ick Realtor 

NO SOWN PAVMtMI 
Anyone con buy, Vets don't use their eligibility 3-4 bedroom s, 2 baths, so m e with a ir and aa pnonces 
Paym ents less mon rent 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344 3P9I 
HE AL 7 OH p R ffm r v W 
W 
> 
» h nom as tor $36o com m ission E x emote at the money we can save you We set* you hem * tar IM o66 a n a you p a y your b ro k e r 6 % c o m m issio n , b ra k e r re c e iv e s 
$1166- baw m uch de eau g e t? 
C h a rle s w a tts N eat E sta te 
733 2*11. 732 3311, I N *1*4 Open 
24 hours a day, 7 days a wee* f 
M A U I S I M # N T 
H a v e a g r p rg t e ss ie n a i staff banate yea rental o rogeny Call 

Niles 4o4 1464 

342-4177, mtos. 142 2o47 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
By owner 4 'i acre near Boe mo, rara# oak froes, split level home 
Site, $1o,ooo 4o4 7127 l i g ttT f c L M k r r r o m downtown 
Seguin. Tx • 441 Acrat. AN uttli- 
, has m ay be divided into thirty six toto Price $4*,oo6 1 37o 24o4 Or 
Elstk 
H S I U {M G T ! l a y U U I i i . 
T o w n h o u se s. S t i le * $444 ar f i9» 2541 

IC K S B U R Q RO 2 Story duplex, 2 bedroom apts 
Soo-m akc ofter assum e 
4o4-7426WAYNE SL AT E R 444 414* 

9311 CoHoghan Rd. 

S split bedrooms, 3 baths, N I j School distr let, 
(morning 

; avail Other open houses 

VAN BUREN I ASSOC. 
6E471N 
4 U IJ 4 7 
*996o6o 

STONEWALL, TEXAS 
Cl#se ta L B J P o rk en Hw y 296, approx 2 4 Acres, 12 unit motel and re sta u ra n t. C old sto ra g e va u lt, hook up tar IS m o b il# homes M any other extras Open 
T erm s C o n sid e r trade. Illn e ss 
•brees sate $125 oo6 Call Fro nk 
Retool $41 91o1, Nites 344 1*32 
Naylor Heady Inc 

M io 
Century 21 
M i a l t o w * 

BW* IN I IA Vt* $9 H W 
CMN* A rn Aft*! AA tm to CA* ii I I I I AAA 
I *» * « * * abb# <*#*h 

O f IN HOUSi 
DAILY I IO 6 look tot DL ABH OBI NS ufnt otto pennants Sales person at 

126o6 INDfPfNDINCI DB. 

 rn Tolley twos Sm ne* homes, 
$37 OSO to V S SOO 
824.2391 
I Qu a k e Ow en* 

A L L B R IC K I bedroom 14 bath 
M O M S B U IL T ON Y O U R LOT ll* , 9$o io n Gar Pane „w w A y * 
5 P E C IA B U U P E R S HIC 349 14*1 

4 M i n m I a rtu s 
7*4$ P IM L IC O (LO T 49) 
New luxury hem * built eat tittie,ae et B I a ct* tract destgned to ex­ ploit the m agnificent view s and i goring summer breezes Foe lur 
•na o hadron m s I baths, gam e r- earn, I stone fireplaces tad story lo c k s, m g i im em ih *u la ti# n , f syste m air heat, sunken tug, 
• I M r fu lly c a r p e ie a g t u i 

7oS fWWHOUStS 

 r T B M t M l M i ..In m greTom e* than town! Lovely, earner unit has cozy hi apiole In living room dining argo, next ta kitchen 
4 bedrooms, I , baths 
143.5*o 
R E A L T O R S 
4o4 7 771 

Guy Chipman Co 

 c o n t ? 1* T B W v m n e n with eloping ceilings in living, dining room s end kitchen, h a s lovely, covered patio! 
J bedrooms, 
2 baths 
$24,9o* 
R E A L T O R S 
614 7oo/ 

'n amhar ship la POM O aks RaQaat im Chia Name Oden 
o * 1*o out IN an# twin! tor msfoci 
Loan ta r in 

I M a y i i n to la 

 turn light, go 3' o a r I sate* tatoo t i OOH, o i oc yod en 
I Com p Stanley sign t o 't o * ta f a i r 

F O R T C I T , 6 » n „ t en dominium. Caromel North Area, 
2 2, ail aloe kitchen, w asher dryer t*nnec*rons. (w are d pail* rots of storage 3*1 o lio after 4 
I ' S W 
U u t J J £ P . w ith i i Ii master bedroom rn valley Hi $*oo tautly t i n monthly 
M e w in i 
J * J R E A L T Y 474-ooo3 Any Hone 
M a r y m o A i 
A r e g 
B r a m a lt c 
Tv » "h o u se 3 I 1 j, m aste r su it* 
Oewa I car f o r a g e t i t . O f* 
•J4 M I*, Jones K usa I voilei s 
H T T T flW f l i r t BABBIN 
H O M B 
S u r r o u n d e d B y a h i g h 
Brick walt. this lu au rlo as hom e end g a rd e n a r * c d m g ig lo t a rty g i t * 
I 
B e d ro o m s, 
2 decor osar ' Boats Beld*. Omtrsg 
Aa **A*9 

 iq s, good income 43$ ii ok________ 

INCDME PRODUCER 
Good rental arvo, fully occpupied 
$51J monthly on I units Excellent cash how SIO 9oo 144 o14o 
Grace Arnold 
R EA LTO R S M LS 
IN C O M E P R O P E R T Y 
O F F F R E O R IC K 5 R U R G R O 
STIO mo Owner anxious $19 OOO 
O E L L V I E W A R E A , $37o m o 
Open term s $24,95o 
M IC H I A N O H IL L S , SCIO m o 
4 plex Owner carry $47 OOO 
FT S A M A R E A , $37o mo M ake 
Ofter $22,ooo 
OE N Y E R H G T S excellent rent property, turn. $9,75* 
Van B m I Assoc 
*o47171 
144 *o*3 
4*4 5o94 
S n * ai tho lines! Apt Complexes 
Will trod* tor ranch 
S a n to Co Realtors 431 o44o 
(Sw ki f B A N k l6 u$---------- 
Lovely 4 Unit Apartm ent house 
Only I yrs old Handy la Sears end Brooks A F B 
Incom e $34o mo Assum e *<a int not* with $]41 payments or refinance V A FH A or Conventional 149 45o1. 494 (CMO 
Martin Worthy Realtors 
31$ loh rd io duplex, if . ls o Cash 
Av owner 344 144* 
T R I P l r x O F F T S F D I R l(f K ~ 
B U N G R O 
Excellent rendition, sepal ole meters income 327o per ma A ck ins only $22.66* 
I O I M W TRR Inc. 73? SIS/ 

4 UM AoM ir m I 
Aiea off M i C utteyot! 

ASSUME.. 
... $241 m onthly by b u y in g this : 
E A S Y E Q U IT Y in C am elot ll l l ! with den 
F e n ce d ya rd . covered patio ond garden area 
T ra n sfe rre d ow ner s o y * "s e ll j now 1 82* 4341. eves I 416 71o2 
Corneitis I Associates 

BARGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
Na dawn payment to anyone 3-4 bedrooms. J bams. some witn air and att appliance*. Fir*! payment rn April 
ROR O e P A O LO 
344 36o1_______________ R E A L T O R j b e a u t i f u l r e g i n n i n g te e d room townhou**. central heat- air. kitcnen com plete with ap- 
Phone#*, m u d * utility roam, ond - p riv a c y patio O pen te rm * ot I 
$19,o36 134-4166, 43* 27*1 
REAVIS REALTY CD 

Convenient to Randolph. Spanish 
C o n te m p orary, tp a c io u * 4-2-2, fireplace. 2ox 26 fam ily roam, tar- mat dining room. *u n k *n living room, artlet loft, covered patio, central heat air and appliance* 
E x c e lle n t te rm *. A * * u m * or refinance Trode on entailer name 
BO B D e P A O LO 
344-1o91________ 
R E A L T O R 

COUNTRY LIVING 
IN th# city, on m i* $ acre*, with cozy brick 3-11. barn*, etoile tor 
Boree* and tat* at extro* includ m g ru n n in g creek. Jon n W inn 
511 71*1, *2* 1474 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

3-2 2 Co 2,o66 Sa It. Large fam ily roam, draperie*. playhouee, V A 
oPP( (need *44.736 622 9763 

C U L D E SAC ham *, by owner. 
$24,566, 1-2, converted carport, ex ylight, garden, tree*, carpet, central heat and air, BRIO Robin 
HIU 341 *5o4 

SAC A ie a ort M cCullough Only 
$25,666 Ow ner will C a rry 16% down! income $413 menth e un he mi teased H u ffy--C all M anny 
M orin 
341 J IM 
N IT E ! 1*4*621 
W A L K E R J R A R N E R K Y Buiidvi r u b it a #a RYJu c Nts I o m 
F L E T E with peel 126 R IN C K 
N E Y. Lei* Bude tot Duplex 
464-4111 or tit *o4 J 
P IO N E E R R E A C T V 

Beautiful curtain built h e m * on approx I 1 1 aero* h o * covered lot 
4-2' i i. den with fireplace, large atrium Mi canter et ham*, carpal and Saltine hi* throughout hare#* allowed Reduced to $64,$oo or 
"u se utter 4o4 7 3 1 1 _________ 
— • B E A U T IF U L V IE W '— a 
Valley F o rgo N am in g down to anyone on (hi* attractive 3 3 2. car pe tad. fireplace, 
$13,73o 
Hurry* 
*33 1oo4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
B E A U T IF U L 3-3 2 with vaulted coriin**, targe den. carpet, inter com MI.566 Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 626-6733 tit I pm 
3 Bedroom. 2 bath, tone Od corner lot. Covered polio. G a ry sw im ­ ming pool. school bu* at door tar 
N im it i a n d L e * H ig h , U n d e r 
$36,666 Call 4o4 I $6 $ or 344 o364 
B t UddmBroodt 
R E TH E F IR S T to tty* in this spur kiln* now home on a land* taped, tented corner lot! Open living area, 4 Bedroom s J baths 
(m a ste r s u it * d o w n sta ir*) tircp ie co , patio, double oui aer I 
$5o *5o 
R E A L T O R S 
*36 7667 

B IO . B E A U T IF U L C O L O N IA L bom # has form al ro a m * p lu * a fam ily room with w a ad b u rn in f fireplace b rig h t kitchen with 
G E appliance* 4 bedroom *. I bams Landscaped, corner lot! 
$34,366 
R E A L T O R S 
*$3 7)41 
Guy Chipman Co 

B R IC K I bedroom. J bom nome in booutiful E a st Terrell H ill* location Convenient I# school end expressw ay Reduced to t il roc 
VA ar FH A 
L IK E N EW 3 3-1 with single Hying greg Appliance* Quick p o sse s­ sion 
Low eg oily and 
JJM monthly 
131.166' Excellent gccom odaiian t*r tho sm all fam ily 
Sift xxcaptionoiiy clean 3 bedroom hom o Open term * Eelier p a y * rosin# cool 

F O R M U L A FO R F IN E L IV IN G 
Toke one beautiful rack home, J b e d ro o m . 2 bath, put it on a corner, odd central heat and air, load* of extra*, and above all. price it below $3o,ooo W hat a winner1 N it** *55 2*1* 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R *$3-4183 Anytim e 
C A H O E N K IT C H E N J Bedroom, full carpel, c o rn e r lot, fenced yard $19,ooo 
R O SSI r e a l t y _________ 4*4m i 

GARDEN RIDGE 
F ir s t O ttorino, b e a u tifu l 4 b e ­ droom, 2 1 1 bam. fireplace, superb kitchen. 2ox4o pool with m any extra features, sitting on 2 acres, tor oppt. call V ir g in ia C o llie r 
*51 *121, 141 4o2o o r 4SI-6369. 
GUI den Hinge R o pily 

CUPID WON’T BE STUPID 
•I N aim * hts baw ond arrow at 
•hi* H O N E Y M O O N C O T T A G E . 
J u st re d u c e d by $1ooo I b e ­ droom * I bath*, double car tar- age on o corner lot. Priced below 
13o,ooo 
BSB-3ooo Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Perrin Boltel Ofc 

C U S T O M D E S IG N E D 4 2 2, fire placed den, carpet, b uilt in *, drape* M7oo equity $331 mo Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E o26 o735 tit I pm 
D E C O R A T O R . R E M O D E L E D . 
3-1. H S T E A K W O O D . $33,566. 
9.% root O W N E R , A G E N T _______ 

DRASTICALLY REDUCED! 
S U P E R C L E A N " J bedroom*. 2 bom doubt* garage Located an a aural street and N E . school di* 
•net Only $36. egg k* i l l ! ar MO 1$J$ Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N Central Ole 

 ll DORADO El SIMRPO im m aculate J bedroom . 2 bath. separate hvmg, dining, ond tam, ty roam with dual fireplace, walk ie school, 2166 sa ft im mediate possession 
$44,166 
Nile* 
45S/4F2 
Century 21 
M O N E V E R V E R$ R E A L T Y 
6S4-I6IB A N Y T IM E _______ 
EL DORADO' 
See m * tee alien et m i* J bedroom, 
J bath hem e C h ild re n w alk to peal. lr heel ana playground Ex 
Ire gam e r aam g lu t tieing and family roam A bargain et 397.o66 
CaM 134 61/I 

G R E E N T H U M B ? You ll love tm* nicely landscaped hom e with o green house open living area, 4 bedroom*, 2 bam * Patio toot 
$27,»SO 
R E A L T O R S 
4o4 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

HALL PARK 
I* me nome et me street and me house is a * pretty a * the nome of the street J bedroom s, 2 bath* 
Close to school* ond malt* 
124 2391 (Anytim e) 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S Autlm Hwy O K 

HAVE A HORSE 
E nioy the country living in the city Lovely brick home, on over an acre of land N ear Churchill 
High School Ow ner is anxious. give us a calli 

■21-6191 A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
Realtor N E lo g # ole______ 
H E A T E D PO O L ♦ 3 3 2 carpet 
26' living room, privacy fence 
$1$ 366 
R O SSI R E A L I Y_________ 494 / 'k l 
H U G E F IR E P L A C E , brick wail in kitchen, 4 3 2 2 hying a re a* A * kume or now loan Nile* *3 5 77 J* 
Century 21 

LSJLO 
Conteke! a r* 369 44»t 
3-2' i i, in Cameral, wet bar. tire place, earner tut 3 story 543.$66 
Jim Ashley Reg) Estate * 84 427* 

3-2-2, lorge I living area, electric kitchen, carpet, tree*, c u rve d drive, $29,9oo 
R O SSI R E A L T Y _________ 494 7781 
L E T T H E C H IL D R E N w alk to elem entary, high school, shop ping and church from our newest listing in M a cA rth u r Terrace 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, separate liv­ in g and fa m ily ro o m s 
L a r g e utility room, covered patio. E x ­ cellent Buy! 824 o121 A N Y T IM E . 
RUSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 3o Tears of T R U ST 
L IK E A P IC T U R E 
See for yourself tm * beautiful 4 bedroom with fireplace, covered and screened porch oft sh ad y fenced yard, storage space tor a growing family Niles 655-268o. 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R 453 4t«2 Anytim e 

LIVE DAK VILLAGE 
12735 S A N D P IP E R , like new, 
3-2-2, la rg e fa m ily ro o m , fir- eelute, cathedral ceilings, fenced yard, covered polio. Owner anx­ ious Equity and assum e 7% loon 
NIRLOCK REALTY 653-1873 
LO O K IN G FO R A B A R G A IN 
Trion call to see this exceptionally nice, 3-2 2 with fireplace, large j co u n try kitchen, a n d m in u te s 
: from W indsor Moll and Ft Sam 
Priced $1ooo below V A appraisal. 
, $34,9oo 
N O R T H E A S T SC H O O LS 
L o v e ly 4-2-2 w ith n ice den, I i covered patio, cu stom drapes, and so close to shopping, Ft Sum and Randolph Only $33,9oo. open 
: fermi. 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
| 141 7113______________R E A L T O R S 

LUXURY 3 BEDROOMS 
C H U R C H IL L MI 
Large den and fireplace, living and d in in g room , s p r in k le r s 
I 141 72o1. nile* 342 o839 Ask tor j V IR G IN IA N IE N O O R F F 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

M a c A R T H U R A R E A 
Low equity. $5ooo 3-1-1 brick and asbestos, $154 SO mo paym ents of 
/!i % interest 
M ake otter! Coll 
Irm o 
Van Buren & Assuc 
684-7171 
*99 oo*4 
344 1o89 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Vacant - 4 bedroom - I living area 
• fireplace * alm ost new • corner lot - fenced 
N O R T H E A S T SC H O O LS 
E a sy assumption low equity • 8 % loan 
49o-93*o 
342-4266 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

MINT CONDITION 
J bedroom s, o n * bath. w alking distance to W alzem Elem entry ond shopping center Low 2o * 

I2 I-B 3 9 1 A n y t im e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
Rootier N E LOUP He 

MONTE VISTA 
IJ S VV G R A M M E R C Y 
Beautiful I story rack with living, separate dining. I bed room s 3 bath, fam ily room , ond office 
Built in kitchen, central hoot and air $73,5o6 731 9742, 836 $4/1 
S t ro u d e r N e ls o n R e a lt y 

S M I M O N T H L Y P A Y M T 
Far only M2oo eauity will get you 
4 b e d ro o m s and 3 b a th s 
T h is c o m fo rta b le w e ll m a in ta in e d hem * is lust woitm# tor a new and grow ing termly walk ta aidman lory si heel 824 o u i 
REB CARPET 

IN M O N T E V IS T A O w ner will c*4*tutor trod* tar vaulty in this charm ing » n a ry rack M i Yam en 
Caionial H am * Rack construction with scrta n a d back p arch and t o p a rg ta q u a r t e rs 
J L a r g a bedroom *, dan or tin bedroom tor moi living end dining room s, plus kitchon end a, f u s io n am a 
Flexible fin a n cin g Owner will co n sid e r 2nd lion ar trad e 
A 
M U ST S E E ' 4*b/6$l A N Y T IM E 

MOTHER NATURE 
OUT D IO H E R S E L F with this I acre plus C osy g e e *** to downtown tram 281 N and only m in u te s tra m C a n y o n L a k e 
Let ated in Oak Village North ana raedy la build an Call S h o r n * 
Lagoon IJJ 714J, 333-4 3 JI 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

REB CARPET 
I ROSOW 6 KLINE 

 r e a l t o r s r e a l t o r s 54 < f a n al TRU ST 
\ century 21 
I nett! F! Sum melt maintained and tK.t J. .. . V 
. J 
* a in quad lantoi area Owner *<tt 
? .B tA k ? F n j #356 

134.166 
R E A L T O R I 
**4 7771 

 neat Pl Sam a m mgmigMWd cmd goad rgotot *«»o Owner wilt lin g n c * 
I v o il a B t o r s c h w g lg 
366 I M I 444 554o 
RO B J O N IE . R E A L TO RE 

-SikAftg* I 1111 
6 1 o m i t it i I i orocn, tat tem tam. sopgtou i. euiihn* E Hurly trow $jty 
'• 6 in# 

«*4 >4*6 
Guy Chipman Co I KEY GROUP 

 j i m * 
B y O w ner 
1 1 1 , ta n tra ! gar, 
•ariled ygid, | II6 rn#, $1956 adad* at rent I I L JOH. 9 p n « r attent 

A n d i|'s *« *y * J u st CdM u s 

 to d d y a n d w a ll p u t y o u r lo w c o s t a d in p rin t. 

F a r a n t r a c a th , ta ll th at it rot tot 

IT M A V SNOW IN B U F F A L O 
But, you can soon swim rn this heptad gam in Wtndi I **t B lic k 4 bad'vent ham * bg* mea 
H en#* 
Bat##' carpeting tor waul hying dining and faintly roam s Fir a ghee* hobby ,aam patio sat *66 
R E A L T O R S ast 7341 

 ck 4 3 3, hr ap lac*, h. canto be dupten 

MSJ 
R E A L T O R S 
BARBREY AGENCY 

 til! IMI*.# 
1*1 

Guy Chipman Co 

 m ........... M a il i t, ttasw P rig lanced freshly painted c a n to n paym ent* s is* taw eau* ty at t/A PM A *>> a tli git /it# 
N E By vwnur I i ) living drama roam ipmbrnpiipo avn s ilk hr# atef* new cat oaring Hueughqgl eastern w t n g a * t r a a im e n ls 

NEW IN CAMELOT ll 

Just listed, o very lorge beautiful 4 

 bedroom, 2*/z both home with living 

 room, dining room, ond family room with fireplace Bright cherry lcitilien 

 with breakfast aren, plus mony ex 

 tra sf Buy today and move in fast! 

546,5oo 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121,656-552o . 

N E W O N T H E M A R K E T ! 
Located in Kirby, this 3-2-2 is a great buy at $32,ooo. V ery clean home with centro! heat and air in an e x c e lle n t s c h o o l d istric t. 
Range, dishwasher, garbage dis­ posal and b u rg la r b a rs a re to remain. Call 824-o171 
REB CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
NO DO W N TO A N Y O N E . J I 1 t i, carpeted home, fenced yard, 521$ mo 
R O SSI R E A L T Y 
494-7781 
NO DO W N TO A N Y O N E . 3-1 ’ x-1, carpeted home, fenced yord, $2)5 mo 
R O SSI R E A L T Y _________ 494-778) 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 4 be droom s with air and appliances. 
Only MSO cash to get in. H urry! 
Greot A m enco Reolty, 69o-98o2 

MOVE IN- 
NOTHING DOWN 

 lee High! 3 bedroom, 2 bath, fireplace, 
2 car gorogc, separate living and dm mg, central heat air, 
2o X 
4o covered patio, fenced, trees, city bus 2 bitts See and matte ofter. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

O L O F A R M ll- 3-2-2, c e n tra l heat-air, range, dishwasher, d is­ posal, co ve re d patio N o th in g down VA. $33,ooo Charles Wnfts 
Real Estate. 732-2918, 732 $3*5 

O U R N E W E S T L IS T I N G ! 
A fresh, young at heart cottage in 
Northridge, wth I living area, 2 b e d ro o m s , lo ve ly, h a rd w o o d floors 
IM M E D IA T E 
P O SSE SSIO N ! 
$28,8oo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

O W N E R 
SA N P E D R O H IL L S 
Great family home, spacious 23oo 
+ sq ft. livinq area. M any extras. 
$56,6oo, 494-1433. 

Practically New 
B y o w n e r la rg e 3-2-2, u n d e r lO m inutes from F L Som , R a n ­ dolph and W in d so r P a rk . Low equity, 661 2oo9 

N O R T H E A S T SC H O O LS 
This 3 bedroom. 2 bah home has it all! All appltancas including re ­ frigerator Covered patio, wall to wall carpet and much more. 7% 
V A loan. M id 3o$. R E A L T O R . 
454-7717 
Century 21 
Jam es Glascock A Assot 

'NORTHERN HILLS 
141o7 Smokey W ay 32-2 $33,6oo 
14111 Sm okey W ay 3 2-2 $33,8oo 
I 
1411$ Sm okey W ay 2-sfory 4 2-2 
$34,65o 
C O M P A R E T H IS Q U A L IT Y 
CALLAHAN HOMES INC. 
*34-4848__________________ 822-1214 ; 

NORTHWOOD 
Be au tifu l rock hom e on lo rg e : treed lot, corner lot wifh attached ! garages to side street, 23' farml* room, sprinkler system. Mfd 5o's 
826-o*o6 
R E A L T O R S 
82* 5964 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

P R IC E D F O R F A S T S A L E In 
Wtllowood. Carpeted 3 bedroom. 2 bath, fo rm a l liv in g , b e a m e d p aneled den, b re a k fa st a re a, large country kitchen with a b u " dance of cabinets, double garage, only 533.75o F H A or VA. 461-o46o 
REB CARPET 

PRICED RIGHT! 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths at $24,ooo 
O w ner tra n sfe rre d A w o rkin g m ans dream , only J y e a rs old 
Located in the Hills, off Perrin 
Baltei 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S Austin Hwy Qtc 
R E A L T O R 
381 1847 
EDYTHE B. COOPER 

REDUCED! 

NORTHWOOD 
Chorm galore in this colonial on a treed, corner lot. 3 bedroom, J 'j batn, large den. exciting garden room o ve rlo o k in g pretty back yord A M U ST S E E 1 
824-o6o4 R E A L T O R S 124 4489 
S U E W E E M S B ASSO C 

KEY GROUP 
NORTHWOOD TERRACE 
A tremendous family home in im maculate condition 5 bedrooms. 
2 'i batn. large fam ily room, 38 pool, sprinkler system Mid 7o s 
Cat) us so we can R A V E about this one' 
824-o4o6 
R E A L T O R S 
124 3343 
SU E W E E M S A ASSO C 
KEY GROUP 
O F F SA N P E D R O 
4 bedroom. 2 bath, den, fireplace, plush carpet, cathedral ceiling, m icro w ave oven, e le c tric k it­ chen, big lol 349 *$o3. 12* 69o3 

 to M2.95o, lovely 2 story, T 2 ’ j-2 in 
Kirby, convenient M ilitary Bases and W indsor Park Mall 
Quick 
Possession 
M onte Horton 344-2341, 4$3-$936 
BO B JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
R E D U C E D $$.ooo 
Like new big 4 bedroom. 2 bath. den, huge fireplace, on cul-dmsac ond hill Large covered screened polio with built B S Q N orthest 
Schools Owner anxious E a sy a v su m p tio n C o n sid e r V A F H A . 
349-65o3. 822-1*o1 
Marttia Worley Realtors 
R E G E N C Y P L A C E . 4 bedroom . 
2-both. double g g r o g * . u tility room, J.OOOsq ft 453 8536________ 

RIDE THE BDS 
3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b a th s in E a s t 
T e rre ll H ills F in e c o n ve n ie n t location All new point, and hard wood flo o rs re fin ish e d B u y e r may have immediate occupancy. 
Hard to beat this deal ot $74. JOO 
Will be sold FHA. VA. assum ed or 
Conventional 
349-4343 or 349 3535 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L TORS Stoneo R d O H 
R O S E S R O S E S R O S B S 
Su rro u n d in g this J bedroom . 2 both spacious boma. ret n a e rater im m aculate, carpeted tor went 
Fireplace, too Only Jtsoo equity 
Coll now 454-I2M 

Manna Worley Realtors 
BED CARPET 
O L D F A R M By owner 4-2-2 N E 
Schoo ls. C e n tra l h e a t-a ir 
No open Is 653 t_7 28 

OLD RANCH ROAD 
D on t m iss looking at this low equity buy to $31oo ideal location 
Beautiful lot with lot* pf lorge tree*. O pen liv in g orea. J b e ­ droom*, 2 baths, fully carpeted 
65B-3S3S Anytime 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S Randolph Ofc 
O LM O S P A R K 
Drive by *26 E Mandalay, 3-2-2, quarters 2o6o space S Q E E A N O 
C O M P A R E W IT H O T H E R S IN 
TH IS A R E A 
Bixie Rose, Realtor i 
824 7)34, AMUR grit 
O N L Y $3$o C A SH far closing is att you need to buy a 11 , bath home in walking distance af N E etemen lory Carpet, dishwasher, burt! rn ra n e e and c e n tra l a ir, too 
Paym ents less than $|$o * '» % 
A P R , Joe paym ents, total price 
434,77$ Call today 121 SAO* 
E D G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 

OPEN TERMS 
On this J I, fully carpeted att electric kitchen, fenced y a rd 
Mony nice trees Priced ta sell at 
$27,56o Coll tor appl 
G E N E W ILSO N 
*5* 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L * 
HEY GROUP 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
Im m aculate 3-1 J. excellent floor plan built to perfection Beautiful­ ly landscaped lorge livin g area with fireplace and built in * Open kitchen Truly a pleasure to see. 
$49 SOO N it** 124 5o55 
494-7711 
DON JO HNSO N, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

SMI PEDRO HILLS 
Perfect family living in this 4 be­ droom. 2 bath, in c h a n * location. 
Garden kitchen Good loan to a s ­ sume under $5o,ooo 
826 o*o4 
R E A L T O R S 
I >4-4*8 J 
SU E W E E M S A ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

SOMEBODY CARSO 
This J bedroom ham # rn Camelot ll bas been treated with respect and is in excelllnt condition ll has a lovely landscaped yard double finished oarage with w erkoanch and built in storage shelves You must sac this heme to appreciate 
Con 124-o171 today tor an opp# 
REB CARPET 
R E A L I OH 5 t is s u m m r 
J bedroom, I bath, central heat. air con d itioner*, lan ce d yard. 
Ira ** $ 1* $oo 7JS$otl 
L E S E D G A R 7IX a m 

 t i n g 

Open Monday thru friday 6 A M to 5:3o P M. 
DEADLINES: 
M o n d a y thru T h u r*d a » 

5 O O P M (ch fo llo w in g D a y 

F rid a y 1 : 3 o tot 5 o tu rd a y 

F rid a y 5 P M tot S u n d a y 

F rid a y 5 3 o P M to t M o n d a y 

CLOSED SATU RDAY A N D SU N D A Y 

C o M p ila it o m a n d C o u p e lio n s c o n b a m u d * 

M o n d o y thru F iid a y 8 A M til 5 3 o P M 

 f 
I f 
I 
* 

CAMELOT 
•veiy Coronado Hon, 3*2-2, luxury lied master bedroom, pardon kit hen, burh rn bookshelves and large 
•fivoty yord. 337,9oo. Cal S2T 
,7M. 
KIRBY gracious 2-story 3-2W2 family rorrte, fully cnrpeMd, dose to swim 
Bing pool, no qualifying Assume ess then 33ooo equity, 33o4 poy- nents at 8% Interest Total price 
136,9oo Col 828 57o4 
A BARGAIN! it 322,5oo this lovely 3 bedroom, J nth home is priced for a quick sale. ihafl carpet tmuout, convenient to rverything ILE. CNI 828 57o4 
UVE OAK lew on market, beautiful 
3 sedroom, 7 bath, separate living oom and den, lovely iorne covered xitto $26,OOO. Cal 828-57o4 

BOB BOOGIES, KAlTOtS 

SPACIOUS a fom tly living is offortkibie in s 4-2-2 c a rp e te d , a ll e le c tric 
Chen, lo rge fa m ily room w ith solace, autom atic garage door prier plus m any other extras 
DENE WILSON 
1-3441 
REALTOR 
MLS 
KEY GROUP 
SPANISH STYLE HOME 
Bedroom, 2 baths w ill w ith all n e n itte s i See to a p p re c ia te 
•ss than $4ooo e q u ity. O wner- rent. 
No A g e n ts p le a s e ) 
9-7366 or 65o-4921 
Story home, *2 'V T . corner lot, iv a c v fe n ce , e q u ity w ith os 
•option or refinance. 654-o226. 

IPG R 
H O U S E in 
S U P E R 
[EA. 2 Story Contem porary in 
IOU SANO OAKS 5 Bedrooms. boths. one liv in g area w ith uble fire p la c e and w e t b a r, ge separate dining room and a ight gam e room fo r the kids ll 342-3211 A N Y TIM E . 
USOW A KLINE 
EALTQRS-5o Years Of TRUST 

$1 MOVE IN VA 
5% DOWN CONVBmOWAl 
RO PAYMENT T U AM E 7 7 
3 ond 4 bedroom pions 334.95o lo 343,95o. AN homes feature energy saving package, central heot-oh, carpel and handcraf­ ted 
Woodburn mg fireplaces. deluxe Atame Chol oil electric 
, one 2 cor garages. 
^kitchen, 1 

6 PURMBHIO MODUS 
OPEN DARY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 

RECANT ESTATE 
CHAS-! OU MOGE-CASTU 
MUS 
Exquisite 
2-story 
Southern 
French Provinciol home, 5 Texas sue bedrooms plus sitting room ond quarters, 3 fireplaces. Ap­ prox. 7ooo sq. ft Entrance to pool ond sundeck graced by 
ooad carved mahogany from the Philippines, walnut parquet 
Floors orio carpet, fabulous kit­ chen, mirrored wet bor, formal dining room, chandeliers ond speed lighting thruout Call An netle 
Middough for further details. 
VAN BUREN & ASSOC. 
684-7171 344-1o89 344-7122 

BABCOCK PLACE 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, central oir- heat, located near M edical Center and UTSA. W ill sell VA -FHA o r 
Conventional Onlv 522,ooo 
R e e s e H e n r y 

653*3584 
R e a lt o r 
N ile s 
653-8592 

O N L Y 2 L E F T 

Must see this beautiful landscaped, 
I living orca, 4 bedrooms, 2 beth home .to believe, located in prestigious OAK CHEK on extra large wooded lot. 
This home features, wail to wall carpeting. 
Magic Chef oil electric kitchen, energy saving package, electric door, handcrafted wood rang fireplace pius mony other extras. 
1615COPPnniU) RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
C o if m o t o d a y 
Jim Pastel! 
684-3112 

THUNDERBIRD 
Freshly painted and carpeted. 3 bedrooms, I boths seth formal liv­ ing room. Very nile! 31,5oo. 
COLONIES NORTH 
MFV LISTING! Huge 4 bedrooms, 3 VS baths, double garage Formal living ond dining, firepioced family room 
Walk to elementary! 
LEE HIGH 
AU brick COLONIAL on 9ox15o lot 3 
2 with tieing den, fireplace, GAME 
ROOM. Only 335,ooo! 
HIDDEN CREEK 
Cul-de soc, 4-2-2, with formal ond informal living areas! custom drapes 
Decorator touch 
•vorywhonl 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 

VSS 
G R E A T * 
AMERICA 
W ^ L T O R S ^ J 

MEADOW OOD 

ESTATES 

'Three bedroom, two loth, rdl 
'brick home, large den with 
I fireplace, separate dining room, large covered patio, 
Alamo 
1 Haights schools. 
By ow ner 
826-4973 
O nly! 

 ft. Im m o c u lo te c o n d itio n . 
',4oo. 2o7 Maplewood 
C A L L 494-5227 

BABCOCK RD 
2 adjacent 3.5 ocre tra c ts w ith 
• 
•••. j h o ,fle 5 ond o ut b u ild in g s th a t 
\ J*® * J ’ ® "'* "JHS ' could be converted to 5 opts. 436 roeroom and 2 cor garage. 194V q frontage on Babcock Rd. Just 
I so u th of B a b c o c k N o rth o n d 
I Tanglewood entrances. Buy one or both, fo r details, coll 342 4115 
AN YTIM E 
WOULD WIPF REALTY 

B A R G A IN P R IC E D 
• HOME AND GUEST HOOSE 
F a m ily co m p o u n d D o u b le a t­ tra c tio n L o ve ly t s to ry b ric k , 
3-2-2, dent F P ). B u ilt-in kitchen . 
P LU S m a tc h e d 5 ro o m b ric k home enhanced by walled patios. 
On an o c re . M a n y e x tra s . 
*79,5oo. 926-2347. Realtors. 
Thelma B. Pressman 

3 BEDROOM Across Son Ped'O 
Pork. Could be used tor business. 
*17,ooo. Coll 222 o958 

 i r m s t r o n g C o 

TERRELL H6TS. lev home in a nice tree -lined ighborhood, 2 bedroom s, big mg room, hardwood floors ond m er lot. 519,5oo Coll 928-57o4 
Zentury 21 
1-57o4 
REALTORS 
653-424o 
BOB RODGERS________ 

PHE BEST OF EVERYTHING this elegant 27oo sq. ft home 4 dreams, 2'» baths, fam ily room th firepla ce, wet bor, country tch e n 
P riv a c y fe n c e d 
Dtessionally landscapesd loveiv 
Xs. Custom draperies To see is buy! Coll for m ore details ill 349-1436 Anytim e iASSE-WEILBACHER 
INC, REALTORS_______ 
IO U SA N O O A K S ., s tu n n in g 
In u rn ” home with lots of Saltillo 
I...fireplace! Huge living area, me room, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths 
(ached garage long patio! 
1.5oo 
REALTORS 
653 7341 
My Chipman Co 

THOUSAND OAKS e fin a lly fo u n d a 3 b e d ro o m me w ith some breathing room. 
/ baths, large fam ily room with 
4 bar, cedar root. Loaded with tro s . lik e tra s h c o m p a c to r, lier softener, etc. Priced in 5o's. 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Rooltor-NE Loop o ft______ 
IOU SAND OAKS 7 m oi. Old. 2 try. 5-2' j-2. Owner m oving and t it sell $49,5oo 293o LOW Oak, 
$1564 Ofter 4_______________ _ 

TIRED OF THE USUAL 
(Mum floor pion ? Then see this lu ry 5 bedroom. 3 bath, 2 story, itu re s large fam ily room with eploce ond built In wood box, 2 ntro l heat ond a ir conditioning stem s, la rg e co v e re d p a tio . 
■ck form al entry, kitchen, tom ! room , ond h allw ay, carpeted roogbou! 
Low 
86'*, 
Niles 
9-8597. 
Century 21 
M ON EYSAVERS R E A LT Y 
454 242o AN YTIM E 

5 BEDROOMS. 2 'i BATHS. Dou­ ble g a ra g e ho m e p e rc h e d on scenic h illsid e in NW executive area, designated fo r elegant en­ te rta in in g os w e ll as in fo rm a l fa m ily liv in g , a lm ost 2SOO sq.ft. and priced under 
$6o,ooo 
681-o66o 
RED CARPET 

M -3 BEDROOMS! 
3-4 BATHS! 
$7o,5oo TO S115,ooo! 
INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY-oAKCBEEK NIN! 
9 m odels open d o ily , spacious, gracious livin g , o rg in ia i designs, w ill trode Out Vance Jackson, I m ile trom 41o 

LOW EQUITY! 
9-3-3 with a w m . 14oo fro. (I. at luxury, lee* thew t 
I T T 
U w n u tty of li/O O and -M M U Nbih i 
GI VT6 DOO a t ta r ? BN IWO. 

 ovmI 
'iVnfniu tuiniftrrnfttitf 
#1 UTIW tm, ti tm if rn 9- ~ral______ , 
* 

 wmr y o u n d > W o cedrol 

68 1-1 1 1 1 
TWIN CREEK 

CHILDREN GROW- 
HOMES DON T 
4 large bedrooms and 2 baths, central heat ond ok, new carpeting, appliances ond custom drapes, on o large lot close to Medical Center, UTSA, 
USAK. A real buy at 332,8oo. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS y 
349-1121 

BY OWNER 
3-2-2, plus den, )o m in to Lackland, walk to NI5D 
Schools ond shopping O utstand­ ing list of extras, M ust see. M id 
3o'S, 673-389o otter 5 A N Y TIM E weekends. 
Bv o w n e r ~B7>£l i n 6 b ib o # . 
4-2-2, fam ily room with fireplace, liv in g -d in in g com bin ation, m ust see to appreciate. 684-1129 FOR 
AP PO IN TM E N T 
B V fiW W fefT V im be rcreek $ 2-2, \ 
Acre, double garage, E xce lle n t co n d itio n . $46,ooo Bv a p p o in t­ ment onlv. 342-S389 

FAMILY DELIGHT 

Describes this forest Ooks home, with illuminated fireplace in den, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, electric kitchen, 
Saltillo tile entry, cathedral ceilings. 
Priced right! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1131 

COUNTRY ATMOSPHERE 
R ight In the city. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, big living room w ith a rock fire p la c e . 
L a rg e w o rk s h o p 
Country kitchen. A ll on about >■» acre with lots of big trees. $38,7$o. 
681 3222, rates 696-o616 
B IL L SOUTHERN REALTOR 

COUNTRY LIVING 
FOR EXECUTIVES 
E ntertain in o 41x18.4 livin g room w ith fire p la ce and w et bar ond enioy a form al dining room, on 2 tree fille d acres, fe a tu rin g 5 be brooms, 4' i boths. Enlov a smo kehouse, and a green house. Two years old. Coil tor m ore details. 
Call 349-1436 Anytim e 

INC, R E ALTO R ! 
C O U N T R Y ""T I V fW S " 
4 fee 
OROOMS, 2 baths, liv in g roam , separate dining, recreation room 
2 fire p la ce s! w orkshop, barn, 2 a c re s , tre e s . No c ity ta x e s . 
N orthside schools, 
Owner. 
495-9315 

JEFFERSON AREA 
3 e» J bedroom, with com ptofoty iqutgpud deluxe ktf- choo. bckidliM troth cor—- 
^nyor^im m odiot. poasnxxlon. 

NEAR UTSA 

 garage. 528,OCK 
6 6 6 - 1 o o o 
Turtle Creek Area 

De amie Owens 
KAUoRS-A1S 

• wooded Sit—• tar HHV ACV 
• 4 Choice North Comme—Wet 
(•-chiding Now Vourrtch) c low Taxes Make easy Fur. chold Tem* a I TOO Sa ft living . J Cor 
Oorog. 837,5oo a 2*4o Sa ft. living . I Cor 
Ocrogi $4o,75o 
Scorch The Home Market Over 
" Swinney Co. 
♦ 9 2 -1 o 7 2 
6 5 8 -o 2 9 o 
673-14 o1 

SPACIOUS AND 

GRACIOUS 

Over 22oo sq. ft in this 4 bedroom, 
216 bath home featuring fomtly room, sundeck. hand covered bor and stools. On H ocre Reduced 
31o,ooo for quick sale 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

CONDOM INIUM 
Beautiful 2 bedroom, 2 bath neor 
Medical (enter Custom drapes and carpet, equipped kitchen plus washer Ona dryer 331,5oo Mites 
656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656452o MI-1 111 *41-9191 

F O h fc itd A K i-------------- 
Large 4 bedroom . 2 both home 
Split bedroom plan, 2 living areas, nicely landscaped $41,9o8 
REALTOR 
491-13oo 
Century 21 
E LAIN E LU DW IG & ASSOC. 

MIKE 
KINDER 
696*833o 
BLDR. 

BEST BY IN 
SHENANDOAH 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, double g a r­ age 2ox16 fa m ily ro o m , huge bock yard, on the most secluded street 
Would you believe onlv 
S35.9So? 
BE TTER H U R R Y !! 
349-153$ or 34 9 -Jill, anytim e 

BY 
OWNER 
T6 W N V IeW 
ESTATES 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, dining room, lo rg e fa m ily room , fire p la c e . 2 car garage, on Cul-De-Sac 7-12 
“.N O T E 
I Y e o r o ld , $4o,5oo. 
681-3385 or 224-6554. fey 6 w N E R 
Tow nview t i l d e 
13-2-2, 
A ssu m e 
7N 
C a ll 
1484-$7o6-w kd y s 684 8691 w 28 3 
IO SO 
699-237o 
H H 
2 1 2 7 7 
! OATEJ-11-77 to 81o Double Wide 
M o b ile 
H O m e. 
L o w do w n 
'paym ent B argain fo r Good Credit 
Risk 498-237o. 

CAN YOU? 
I Of course you can still buy large room s and h ave a m o n th ly in ­ vestment. Low enough so you can stilt enlov the better things in lite 
Call today and we w ill show you 
I how. 
73*4424 wwwe VI iWr*# I 8 lf linguine? wh g aa ax 
Beanie Owens Co 

TOWNHOUSE WARTED 
Camelot I or ll, a Royal Ridge 
•a 3 bedrooms. 21 j baths, 2-cor 
■rage, p ric e ra nge $35,ooo to 
o.ooo Quick occupancy desired ill Evelyn Coleman at 65*4332. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OE HOMES 
691 -l l 21___________ n iv e rs a l C ity : 3 B e d ro o m , 2 am. A ll B ric k , Bv A p p l Only 
»H. 458 9162 
_______________ 
VA LEN C IA 
Open House Sol Sun l l s ar Sole by owner, * * 7 , carpel- 
1. h repiace, cathedral ceilings, negev fence. Close ta club house h ip * * M o ly extras 6*3 1 258. 
A L L E Y FO RG E 
T his supe r 
■en spacious 3 bedroom home ss beautiful carpeting, an inter im system , and an a u to m a tic I arage door opener Tennis and aet ore available 
49*5231 
IN V J IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

 a 
V A LLE v 'lo R G S 
•■an M ui 12 2 w ith fireplace Air nd appliances 67$ 1491, 474 1777. 
43*1726 
POINTER R E AL ESTATE 
A L L E Y F O R G E . 1 3 2, w ith replace $15oo dawn, $325 month 
URRY! 
A 3 Wk ALTY 674 988? Anytim e 

WANTED! 
• porienced Real E state Sates i f son. lody preferred Someone ho is f a m ilia r w ith A ta m e eights and N ortheast area Call 
12 DOI. Atter 5. 92*5991 
HARTMAN REALTORS 
Bv- 

REALTQRS Locknut-Sering Ole 
BIG CORNER 
I bedroom , 2 both, den, big k it­ chen, all carpeted On H ollyridge 
IH A VA or assume 
349-6SOI, 
65*6296 
Martha Worley Realtors 
BIG 'N B E A U T IF U L 
4-2'> 2. Big country kttchen-den. 
PLUS 2nd fa m ily ro o m 
17x18 

I K i k 4 h o p t a 6 e '----------- 
$37$ is all it takes to get Into this I b e d ro o m h om e w ith a ir , ap p lia n c e s a n d c a rp e t. 
F ir s t paym ent in A p ril 
Great Am erica Realty. 49o-98o2 

 master bdrm , BIO dress, walk-in 
MAC REAL ESTATE 92*2521 
B O U G H T A N O T H E R H O U S E . 
Must Sell, make a p p t. to sea This beautiful 3-2-2. with lorge m aster, u tility and p riva cy fence. M ake o fte r on e q u ity a n d a s s u m e 
7V.%VA OC MT,5oo 681-o993. 

C A STLE H IL L S 
L ive in Castle H ilts w h e re c ity 
I taxes are tow in this elegant 3-2-2 
I w ith e le ctric garage opener, In- 
I ie r tom . gas g rill, fireplace, water 
I softener and m ore G reat tor en 
I teriam m g and very com fortable liv in g . Loca te d on q u ie t s tre e t clo se to 41o W e ll w o rth y o u r viewing While it still lasts, coll 
I 824-o171 

 loos BRICK 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

CRAZY SHIRLEY 
MISSING 
When she'd firs t walked into our office and wanted to buy a 1-2-2 home, fa m ily room w ith a fir e ­ place. g a rd e n k itc h e n , g o m e r- oom, large m aster bedroom with a beam ed c e llin g , shade tree s, lik e new and In a N o rth w e s t neighborhoo d w ith high resale v a lu e , we c a lle d h e r c ra z y , especially when she wanted it oil fo r u n d e r $4o,ooo. W ell, C ra zy 
Shirley isn't so crazy, because we found a home with oil that and ifs only $17,9oo. Sure wish we could find Shirley. 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider Realty 
684-72oo cU S T fi'M B U IL T '------------- 
IN W HISPERING OAKS, unusual tri-le ve l, second level liv in g has fir e p la c e , 3 rd le v e l h a s I b e ­ d ro o m s, (M a s te r has d e c k ), 2 baths, Isl. level, separate dining, den, 'y bath, b re a kfa st room , 2 decks o v e rlo o ks tre e sutudded yard. Ask tar Fran White 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
D f f f t f f l T W f l f t W t . } story 
B rick 'n cedar w ith living , dining ro o m s ...p a n e le d den w ith fireplace .5 bedrooms (I has od- lacent study), I 'y baths. Lorge, slat-covered patio dog kennel. 
$89,5oo. 
REALTORS 
69*48)1 
Guy Chipman Co 

D E S IG N E D to r liv in g - 3-8-2 large living area, carpet, extras. 
' $29,5oo Call 
INTERSTATE 928 o755 hi 9 pm 

DOLL HOUSE 
Older from e home neor bus ond shopping. Can have business on residence. In the 2o's B E T T E R 
HURR Y, This won t last! 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
Realtor NE Loop o ft 

DONT BRING MONEY 
B ring your point brush, no down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms. 
2 boths, some w ith a ir and a ll appliances. Payments less than rent. 
BOB De PAOLO 
34*3o91______________ REALTOR 

FOREST OAKS CORNED 
A ve ry a ttra c tiv e I bedroom , 2 b a th hom e w ith to m lly ro o m , cathedral ceilings, lorge covered patio and lots of trees. Call today 
REALTOR 
Coll 349 4173 tame 
Fo r e i f fik k s --------------- 
New to m a rk e t, b e a u tifu l 1-2-2, one liv in g are a w ith fire p la ce . form al dining, priced to sell 
Century 21 
W H ITE H E A D H O tL ID A Y 

J U iT LIS TE D ! Gorgeous one Ile m g a re a h om e w ith h u g e firepla ce. I bedroom s, fu ilv ca r p e te d , s o ft w a te r, c e n tr a l vacuum No City Taxes. W alk to p o o l ond te n n is c o u rts . C a ll 
49*765) AN YTIM E 
ROSOW o KLINE 
REALTORS 5o Y e a n o f TRUST 

JUST LISTED om, 2 bath, tam 
3 bedroom , 2 both, fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , and b u ilt in k it cheir On beautiful oak studded lot in Hollywood P ork Only $48,9oo 
Call today! 
OVER I ACRE 
W ith 3 b ed roo m , 2 bath hom e, large single living area with fire ­ place, covered patio, and beau­ tifu l view. Al appliances included, at $46,5oo See now! 

GRAY FOREST 
B eautiful rock, 2 bedroom , w ith central heat-air. fireplace, ond I bedroom rent house on -1* ocre 
See today! 
ONLY $29,5oo 
For this lovely large attra ctive I bedroom, 2 bath, with appliances, fenced lot, and many extras. 
49*5571 
Nltes 149-8337 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE LD REALTORS 

NEW ON M AR K ET You couldn't buy these OAKS except with this hom e 
S p a c io u s 
A N T IQ U E 
BRICK COLONIAL 4 bedrooms. 2 baths, F A N T A S T IC liv in g den prea. C hurchill D istrict 
RED CARPET 
142 311) 
REALTORS 
144 8227 n 6 d o w n T a V m e n T t o aT! 
YONE No a u o lityln g on this im ­ m aculate 3 bedroom, 2 bath doll house, near Mea Center. Move in this weekendl 681-866o. 
RED CARPET 
8-3-1. f lT T 'fiJ iV 'T ftA IL , M orlh fro n t, c o rn e r, b e a u tifu l o a ks, fenced yard, cross walks, covered pa tio , wood b u rn in g fire p la c e 
Lots of cabinets, and b u ilt ins 
C arpeted, fu ll e le c tric kitch e n , c entral heat ond a ir, priced for quick sale. Also sharp 3 2 2. a ll m asonry on top of the hill McNeal 
Rd. Also. 5 bedroms, 2 baths, neor the 2 above homes Only $19,5oo 
712-7987 STEVE MAH T IN 715 o825 
O F^ IN d liA M b b $2 ), central a ir, appliances. No down to an­ yone A p ril 1st paym t 
696 742oWAYNE S LA TE R 344-o936 

O LM O S 
D R IV E 
L u sh greenry surrounds this super, 
Im m aculate 3 bedroom, den. se p a ra te d in in g room , g ar age. workshop, VA T H A 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
$32-31o7 
R e a lto r 
648-33o7 

6U O S 6? L'f iTTtWs Vhedrootb, 
I ’ i bath home has paneled fam ily roam w ith b u ilt in b a r, b u rg la r bars, telephone la cks, d im m e r switches, fenced, and lots of stor­ age 414-2341 
RED CARPET 
• g p t B T u m 
1 2 1, D e e r R un, s to v e , d is h ­ w a s h e r, g a rb a g e d is p o s a l, drapes, 129,9oo 
JOE ETH ER ID G E A ASSOCS 
681 3589 

H IW A U BRICK 
4 BEDROOM 
Northwest just Inside 41o. Tim 4 bedroom, 7 tu l both home, has a 2 ax room finished garage, formal living room, large coon try kitchen with deluxe built m 
Magk Chef appliances. Fancied family room with sliding gloss door ta patio, wok lo wok carpet and vinyl wok covering of your 
(hoke 
Olhet quality features include hand laid ceramic tile in baths, ond furniture finish cabinetry thruout No closing cost means 
VA can move In toe 31 or move in cost of 3165o with Con­ ventional financing on total price of 337,95o 6118 UPWOOO between Callaghan ond Oak 
Hide Roods Other models also available Open Saturday and 
Sundoy 
(ok 659 142o. 681 
3o72 
DORSEY REALTY 

HIGHLANDS 

Likt now 3 bedroom, ? bath, 2 cat garage, built in kitchen, large single living area, with massive brick fireplace, corpel, central 

 heat and ait, VA - EHA w 
532-5245 

3 3 3 - 8 6 1 8 , ( li t e s 
IOeanie Owens 
NI AL TORS-WMS 

JEFF AREA 

4 bedroom, 7 both home, 184o so 

H o n a ax net lot, axpehng. new 

 roof, shotted potto, assume TH VA 

 loon with payments of 37o9 o1 

 refinance VA FttA or Conventional 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

ALMOST IO ACRES 
Easy access to 281 or IH 17 Hove w ater and e le c tric ity For m ore in torm otion call S herrie Lagoon 
SM 7431. 333 4128 
I 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

 i m 
2, to m lly room , 
I fu lly c o rp e te d . c o v e re d p a tio , 
(w o rk shop , c e n tr a l a ir h e a l. j *26,9oo 333 2439 
• D e fie r**! new home. brick J J T fireplace, centro! heat-air. Term s avail 
LEONARD, REALTORS 
331 o64o 
661 3322 

ADAMS HIU 

 lovely 3 bedroom 7 bath home with termly room garage cen rial oir heat, wet rn softener, dishwasher, range, turbo vents, rorpet, dose to Kilty, Lockland AFB 
May be assumed ex refinanced at 
379,ooo. Don ! miss this one Coli now! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 673-o151 

•OUT SAN PEDRO* 
1-2-2, over 2,1oo square feet Nes­ tled on a p p ro x im a te ly ' lo c re , vvitn lots of Oak trees, huge den, fireplace MLS REALTORS 
342 2869 
684 3334 
HaHmart Properties 

681-o3oo 
REALTORS 

JUST REDUCED! 
L ove ly Oak H ills, 5 bedroom , 3 bath oil brick home Nice view of 
City fro m covered patio L a rg e liv in g and fa m ily room . 598,5oo. 
Nltes. 141 1962 
344 3o78 
DON JOHNSON, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

FOREST OAKS AREA 
Rock home w ith la rg e beam ed fam ily room and a rack fireplace 
Interior b ric k w ork and o u tility room. Only $37,5oo or assume Ibw equity. 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider Reoity 
Found 

PEACE I PET 
L u x u ry J b ed roo m , 2 bath, a ll brick, In lovely Woodlawn Hills 12 years old C entral heal and a ir 
O ver 2ooo sq ft 
$44,5oo 
E rie 
Nagel 696 533o,69*2712. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
F > fB fe ^ T F6 h-------------- 
PROFESSIONAL E X EC U TIVES 
E xce ptional 3-2-2 In p re stig io u s area, too many extras to m ention. 
In the 5o's 
Century 21 
W HITENS AD-HOc L ID A Y 
681o3oo 
REALTORS 
P C lW ls 'N T UIN dS----------- w ill be floppy on shuttered porch, 
2 1, dining, big living room 
MAC REAL ESTATE 8282521 

O AK HILLS 

Precriglocn, luxury home neat the 

 country dub 
5 bedrooms, 
7'T 

 baths, beautiful grounds Custom 

 bulb with mony extra features 

$155,ooo 
REALTORS 
691-13oo 

C E N T U R Y l l f LAINE LUDWIG A ASSOC 

DON'T BRING MONEY 
B ring your paint brush, no down paym ent to anyone 1-4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, some w ith o ir and oil appliances 
Payments (ess than rent 
BOB DePAOLO 
34* 3o91 
REALTOR 
E A rrC T W T T h A T 
I a ro e T P ; dr oom, I bath, double detached garage, fireplace, large lot Call now 
SOUTHEAST REALTY 
113 4144 
Niles 313 6141 

ADAMS H IU 
New on market rportorn 3 bed room, 7 both, sunken living room, cathedral cetl«iq\ se point* (ami ly room loaded On 7% note 
LACKLAND TERRACE 
Older beauty, 3 bedrooms 
I bath, range, carpeting, lorge shaded lot. Assume not* of 
389 per month OR NO DOWN VA 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
HODSDON A ASSOC. 
KEY G R O U P 

EAST CENTRAL SCHOOLS 
We fo u n d a w in n e r 
A c t 
3u ic k ly on this dandy, 3 be room, 2 baths. 2 car garage, p riv a c y fence, assume or refinance 

ERA 
532-31o7 
R e a lto r f a i l F en lr"a1 ,"T ' i 
JACK MITCHELL 
648 33o7 
FBT 

 t o w n v i e w s s n re sr i v 
Owner, w alking distance to future m all 3-2 2, electric kitchen w ith re frig , custom dra p e s, to m lly room with parquet floors, sopor ate living room, breakfast room. la undry room , huge m aste r be droom, plum bing for si 
$39,SOC Atter 5 e ll 1o94 droom, plum bini soft water. 

________ . 
684 72oo 
Wed Feb I, black cocker 
7 puppy, Alam o Mgts 822 1782 
H arm ony Hills. NEI&D 3 2 2, by owner, $45oo down, $39,5oo, w ill nego term s. Shown by appt Mon 
Tues l-S. 141 2536; C all tor Dr 
M e rritt Otter 6 227-6331__________ 
HoMfoge~P arm , by owner, 3-2-S, living and paneled fam ily rooms, fir e p la c e , b e a m e d c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s in fa m ily , d in in g , and m aster bedroom s S5ooo equity 
$357 mo 675-2341________________ 

HIU COUNTRY VILLAGE 
Large 4 bedroom s, 2 fu ll baths, form al livin g ond dining, compte 
'•Iv fenced O ver 4 ocres Priced ta sell. $125,ooo. Nltes, 494 2116. 
49* 7711 
DON JOHNSON, REALTORS 

349 S hannon Lee, 21oo sa. ft 
B E A U T IF U L 
P L A N O N L Y 
*19,9oo 
A N D 
W E 'L L 
T A L K 
TRADE 344 1471, 341 19o1 
BOB BR EN NER REALTORS 

LARGE TWO STORY im p re s s iv e tw o s to ry on oak studded lot. E n ioy 5 bedroom s. 
3' i baths, lorge fam ily room w ith ' 
O 'Nannie tile floors an ric h pan­ eling 189,7oo Niles, 828-oo98 
144 1o78 
DON JOHNSON. REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 
1oo6 LEE HALL 
J bedroom , 2 bath, liv in g room a n d s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m , 
$17,5oo Term s open 
68*6444 
Niles 684-o115 
TERRILL REALTY 
MLS 

And over 18oo sa ft. in this 2 be droom o ld e r hom e, near a bus­ line 
This house featu res liv in g room with fireplace Large form al dining room, central heat ond air, p a tio w ith b o r -to a 
A nd M uch m ore Located rn Jeff High d is­ trict Priced at 53*9oo 
684 433o 344-o2o7 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Bonderq Rd Ole 

I OCN BRICK 3-2-2 with corpettng, fam ily room, patio, AM FM inter com throughout, and appitancgs. including washer and d rye r 
434 2341 
RED CARPET 

8UV NOW 
G lo rio u s liv in g to r th# a c tiv e to m lly in this spacious tour be droom nemo with nreotoce Mi the fam ily room , garage has b u ilt in workshop tor Dad. backya rd with prtvocv and lots of room tor all 
REALTOR 
COH 349-4373 

CASTU HILLS 
Lovely home on oversized corner lot M int condition. 3 bedroom s. 
' 2' i baths, large fam ily room with fire p la c e S e p a ra te liv in g ond j dining 
Ideal for fa m ily or j entertaining 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 

CHARTER OAKS 
L o v e ly in s id e and out. O n ly 2 years old (o w n e r tra n s fe rre d !, beautiful buiit-ins Huge m aster bedroom . (3-2). 24x16 den w ith fire p la c e , e le c tric kitch e n w ith self c le a n in g oven Im m e d ia te posse ssion 
Can be a ssu m e d 
$52,75o 34*8348 
G ra c e A rn o ld 
REALTORS MLS c H A ft t EF 3 T C T~m u s3 ; r ^ o L liv in g a re a , fir e p la c e , 3-2 2, u i SOO by oner 49*8538 

ELDORADO 
C u te, c le a n 3 b e d ro o m hom e, la rg e liv in g area in E l Dorodo. 
Low assumption 
COMPASS R E A LT Y 
49*16o1 49* 3o12 
E nchonTmenT T n~ ¥ T i? H A k lf E b 
F O R E S T - Cozy F ire p la c e fa r these w in te r e ve n in g s S p rtn k- tared grounds tor easy m a inten­ ance Huge recreation room plus fam ily room. and Uving-dlntng. 2 s e lf c le a n in g e ve n s and m icrowave O k . uoacy dote fle x­ ible 342-3211 A N Y TIM E 
RpSQW p KLINE 
REALTORS 5o Y»ers of TRUST 

ESTATE SAU 
Large m asonry home on large let between UTSA and SW M edical 
Center. 4 bdrm . 4 bath, $99,5oo. 
82* 5o21, 34*oo52 

W ITRY B i l l a g e 3 be droom. 2 bath home nestled on 2.5 o ak s tu d d e d o c r e t. Id e a l fo r horses. Com 341 4484 for details. 
REALTORS. 
RED CARPET 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
L a rg e 3 b e d ro o m , o ld e r borne 
New roof, 2 lo rg e liv in g areas fu lly c a rp e te d , 2 o th e r bon us room, below $5o,ooo 
COMPASS R E A LT Y 
! 
49*16o1 494 1o12 
H O L L Y W d "6 6 H I K L u x u ry 
Home, By Owner 4 bedroom. 2'V baths, pool, large lot, nice neigh bor hood tor raising children. 
494 $149 
I H A V !--------------------- 
Seen one of the prettiest homes. 4 bedroom s, e n te rta in in g size liv ­ ing. din Ina, huge den has beautiful fireplace W ail until you see the 
! game room , com plete w ith b ar 
All this and a park in your back yard. Under seO.OOO Ask tor Ruth 
! Fortes 
341-91*6 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
.. 

|IN STAGE COACH H IL L S l Enioy 
11 acres of the HUI Country Vista in oil white, ipHM evet stucco home 
' 4 Bedrooms. 2 baths L ivin g room. 
;study, c a th e d ra l ce ilin g , din in g fam ily room with fireplace Fully equipped hitche n 2 H eating a ir conditioning systems M aster be droom has sitting areg w ith tirg- 
, place, dressing orea. p rlvg tg pa jtlo and w ro u g h t iro n b a lc o n y . 
57*1oo 49* 7*5) A N Y TIM E 

REALTORS 
_________ _______ 
LE SI So RI? i - V N O 
Change your lite style, coll to see these fantastic Townhouses w ith w a te rfro n t lo ca tio n s 1-2's plus fireplaces Tennis courts, heated pool, all lees, u tilitie s and m ain tenance in clude d In I paym ent 
Priced at only $46,9oo. Assume or 
Conventional 
SW IM M ING POOL 
Almost sw im m ing weather se cart to see this lovely 3 2 home neor 
UTSA. USAA and M edical Center 
A bargain to r the home, a nice pool at $373)oo 
WINDWOOO ESTATES 
T h is is y o u r ch a n ce to ow n a lovely 3-3 2 or * * 2 home on large acreage size lots w ith ple n ty of oak tre e s. P lre p ia c e s , no c ity taxes. You m ust see fries lovely properties Call today 
Century 21 
W H ITEH EA D -H O LID AY 
3417115_____________ REALTORS 
LO M A p JlR k nice 3 bedroom. I bath, near bus, being redecorate 
H u rry 
HUOHES A BRISCOE 
924-4311 
REALTORS 
67S-o4V4 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

(over $1oo,ooo) 

M a ry M o n t E x c lu s iv e U n ique c o n te m p o ra ry s u rro u n d s gor- genus tree form pool. Customized features Include com plete axer | cise room w ith sauna ond w h irl- I pool Coll tor fu rth e r details ond specially prepared brochure 

C a s tle H ills E s ta te s , lu x u ry throughout. 2 story colonial, 5 or 6 bedrooms, fo rm a l llvlnq and din 
I m g F ire p la c e in fa m ily room . se p a ra te q u a rte rs , o v e rs iz e d 
I heated pool 

, Executive home on 2 acres o ve r­ lo o k in g C a n y o n C re e k G o lf 
I Course 5-3' s, large fam ily room 
W ether, separate dining, gourm et 
{ kitchen 

Sauna and la rg e pool. C ustom 
Spanish 5-4, study, living , dining, fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , covered patio, sundeck. rock pa­ tio en 2 lots, centrally located 

M a q n lfic e n t 4 b e d ro o m s tu d y - pool on b lu ff o v e rlo o k in g g o lf c o u rse -d e sig n e r a p p o in tm e n ts throughout ! car garage 

IO o cre s in the c ity w ith la ke . 
Large I bedroom. J 'l bath, with pool Many extros 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co r r i l f i m 
I v m a r t is . spaciousness of this 4 bedroom. 3 bath home w ith separate Hying ond d in in g room . L a rg e fa m ily room plus recreation room Con­ ve n ie n t Ie U S AA and M e d ic a l 
Center 
$41,75o 
Call 
342 1211 
A N Y TIM E . 

 tw in (Seek, by owner, 4 7 2, tire place, b rick, $4o,ooo. assume $314 pmts. equity $4,7oo 684 8176 
TWIN C R E ^K , select either a J or 
4 bedroom, both are lowest eau! ties in the area, and both are in e x c e p tio n a l c o n d itio n 
C a ll 
M I 4484 tor details. REALTORS. 
RED CARPET 

 a c re d ro o m * 2 baths 
R E N FR O R E A LTY 
622 3)63 
PTI'ST Y ira f "6 F T M ifc k lT 
' 

• ATTENTION • 
Sec th is p re tty ra m b le r, J J 'I, b uilt In kitchen, control heat, air 
Detached build in g tor playro om o r w o rk s h o p 
N e ar shops. O ff 
Rigsby $3o,ooo Call 826 2147 
Thelma B. Preissman 

FM I5I6 CHIMA GRIM 
Le Ac. 3 2 4. den, fireplace trees, cyclone fence, pate 
838o445 
73* 1766 
$34 4439 
WATSON A SON REAL TORS 
14/ Solway, kilgfiland H ills Eaul tv ond assume, $151 m o t 3 I CP 
Goodwin, 
826-371$! le o n a rd 
Realty, 7 3*47 $6 

 r 
16 YEAR OLD 
^ teenage home within walking distance to shopping center. 
3 bedroom, 7 bath, garage, range, refrigerator, dishwasher, air. i arpettng, tamed 
All tor only 
SI A, OOO ll wilt toke (mother 16 years lo find Knottier buy like this one loll now* 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
673-o151 

UNIVERSITY OAKS 
BY OW NER 
3-2's-2, E rick 2 story, fire p la ce , cul de sac. near U TSA, USAA, quiet wooded area. $43,9oo Atter 
I 3oPM 69* 92o9 
UNIVERSITY* O A i/4 lf you seek country atm osphere but close to | city conveniences here it Isl All 1 b ric k , 3 bedroom . 2 bath home with large fir unlaced, single living area, kingsized m aster bedroom 
RED CARPET 
M3-311I 
REALTORS 
69*5o77 
O il V6oIHM ----------- 
F or purchase of this clean as a whistle 3 bedroom, ivy bath home in nice area Room tor expansion rn the reinforced covered polio 
134.5oo 
REALTOR 
491-13oo 
Century 21 
E LA IN E LUDW IG A ASSOC 

UTSA I MIU 
Loveable fam ily home in U nlver atty Hills on lorge tot I bedroom, 
2 b o th , d o u b le g o ro g e 
W ood b u rn u t, fireplace, ranee, carpet, fenced, dishwasher ond covered p a tio . P ric e d r ig h t a t $19,5oo 
Niles John 473 *848 
C EN TU R Y 21 
K e rly la c k la m l hearty 
674 1 311 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
COSI 
C e n tra l 
S ch o o ls ju s t redecorated and lust great 3 bed roo m * large fenced yard. 

ERA 
532 31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
*73-o1o8 

HRw r a w B m n ----------- 
Corner H o w erton of Pecan Val ley I bedroom , I both, car nor I, fenced yard Reduced to $t*,$Qo tor quick sell 
HOLCOMB RE A LTY , $32 89o7 
H ouse 
Tor ta le , 
J166 
I lk 
I Guadalupe SI $43oo 435 1285 

[IS YOUR WIFE BINGY] beocause of your p ro to n ! livin g auartersT D on't lust set there buy her th is I bed roo m , l " i baths, a tta c h e d g a ra g e w ith a huge b a c k y a rd in the H ig h la n d H lfis area E quity $1475, C all S herrie 
Legnon $1*71*3, 33**328 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

AM ER IC AN A 
M OVE IN TO D A Y I N ice 4 C r with den $1ooo equity, paym ent* 
$17o mo 
67$ 1*91, 
62) $72o. 
*74 1777 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 
A M ER IC AN A Near Lackland 4 bedroom s, lu st lik e new ! O nly 
$75o down No C re d ttr No prob 
Ie rn I 927 17o6, *74 75o9. 47) 4714 
PAT MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
A R E A L B E A U T Y 
L a rg e 4 bedroom. 2 bath, double finished garage, in this e xclu sive hom e lo c a te d in M e a d o w V illa g e , sepa rate ta m llv room , in clu d e rouge, re frig e ra to r, ond p a tio fu rn itu re , has I ) X JO' covered patio 
Open term s. t)7,5oo 
*7$ 7152 
RED CARPET 

4 75 S. ASSUME 4 75*» 
I Bedroom. Bath. Range Carpet, 
Fence, C a rp o rt. Buy E q u ity or 
Refinance Call 
TEX VET R E A LT Y 4J5 414o 
H E AU TIFU L 3 bedrooms, In Vol lev Hi Redecorated, really nice! 
Only $7oo Total move In cost No c re d it? No p io b le m i V22 17o6. 
*7)4714, 6/4 75o9 
PAT MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
By Owner 32 1 plus den and K it ch e n e tte , ne o r L a c k la n d A F B 
$3,5oo equity $271 per month Coll onydoy otter lp m 67$ 2891 
CASH, Small I bedroom home in ext ellen! condition, large lot. call now Kingsborough area 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924 4)11 
R FACTORS 
63) 1979 
7114 C L O V C R F IB L D 
I be droom *. 2 baths, den $72,5oo Call now 
INTERSTATE >28o75$ til 8 pm 
3 I CP. range, trig . ca rp e t and fenced yard Equity and oseume 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
R R RANSOM REACT Y 61) 77o1 

BOTT WMT 
See this spat iou* ) bedroom Hume in V o lle y HI 
O ne b lo c k fro m c le m s c h o o l 
E q u ip p e d w ith range, re frig e ra to r, c a rp e l and fenced y a rd Buy und er VA at 
$17.MTO For viewing, ta ll 67) 5o83 
A M y T I jut A 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
3 I ' r-I. 12,MX) Bundy and assume loon *7 * 349* otter 5PM. 

CHARM ANO S H U * per von tty this Preach home with i lh 

 l r HOMES NORTHWEST 

1 » AC HUGE OAKS 
1588 satt rock home, all elec fireplace, dug run le e r nice 
2*8*45 
714 176* 
73*4117 
WATSON A SON REACTORS 

ACT NOW! le rau ve this ) bed rec rn. J both 
•m e with a double garage ond a 
5x15 fa m ily ream ts a SUPER 
(OY r Because it is net $35,888. et priced in me TO s 
349 353$ or 349 S ill, anytim e 
Deanie Owens Cn 
B t ACTORS co ckb ill Selma O ft 
DAMS HICC Beautiful Ail Brick beety gam. I bath, double garage n earner let A heme hi enioy 
UM now 
HUOHES 6 BRISCOE 
^*4331 
REACTORS 
62*3979 

AU BRICK 
U niversity Opes, * 3 2 Lovely area, separate dm a p a tio ( sr net 'b i 
■ s e l l at t i * *o8 
E rie 
|*«* SIM *9*2712 

 r University 
(Ogle livin g n . C avate 
’ ric e d ie s< 

 rm ;s !D N A i realty with gin n * ' 
I leman 
Pl y lu r young coup le rot em t i * * vaulty Assume »i7$ 
E 
B U C RCAC TOPS TTI se*) 
ANOTHER REDUCTION 
're m |9 1 488 NI a s 888 Owner s rn Swillm rn ceuntry is tm Mined 
•teas Mr seu Mis extrem ely nice 
N heme rn H ill C euntry 
CaU set c4Mngre*» avian* 

 lur/MWl I P ' i l l UC TIM * c 
I 
MOTHER IN CAY P W ** wpveiy 4 h e d i» ■ - * 
« ip ig c e iH v i *•■ > » *' 
I- lie r s w ith h« em 
* eg 
Ruins * I i K H I 

 lO w n e r . ! b ed roo m , J bath,I 
[double g a ra g e , B ra u n S ta tio n 
West, low e qu ity 484H O S wee I kendv or aft 4 
DY ,6 U 7 M i: I b e d r o p ; r-ba K large den, single goroge. covered , p a tio . ce n t, h e a l a ir, re c e n tly re m o d e le d L o c a te d en C ra ig m oat between B lanca and West 
Ave P rice reduced ta $27 egg tor quick sale! M I 5722 or M14731 
BV 'd V k k k - I : n , “ brTck~ cozy den, liv in g ro o m , la rg e tre e s . ; c e n tra l a ir heat. p riv a c y fence. ' 
C h u rc h ill E is e n h o w e r a re a 
$32,9o8 1o2* M f Capote M i 9381, I 
M l-4>|9 
By Owner r n 
I central K«a! o 'r! fully carpeted *o4 79o8 
I T~owrrei “ (f iio r ie V 6 o k s. 4 111 ta m llv , liv in g , sepa rate din in g , 
2. ITO sa ti fence, $59,ooo *96 8995 

K M 
B d r e a m l a n d Oa k s 
3-1-1. ort b rick, e xtra targe roams, s e p a ra te liv in g , h u g e den b e a u tifu l y a rd . e x tra It# sa tt ite r a te and shag in re a r M id 
4E» J46I437 

 t v c w m i s h i m tow BBW WE,; 
UTO me J -I-i, Limn volley Area 
I IB l-tB ti. 
I Bv aw n e r, 4-6-1, ne o r M e d ic a l 
C e nte r, U S AA , T IA , c o rp e te d 
| coveted patio , st noun ne a rb y, swim ana tennis club. assume 7% man ar refinance *9* 7844 r r s y w r s r 

M U S T IN G in choice lo cation. C astle H ills 
Terrace, wots to ail J sn hoots IO years old, custom bu ilt, 3 la rge b ed roo m s, huge den w ith fir e ­ place, phis 23x13 ti b illia rd roam 
Appraised at $67,ooo. M 4 8348 
G ra c e A rn o ld 
REALTORS MLS 

T T T new oa lriT 
•y. semi furnished $15,75o 
AS* tor Softy 7 )$ 4 1 11 or 71)4187 r r s w i i i r i e rti,, ov s r o r 
H 
' l with pen. ollMly resin gar 
Rage d is p o s a l s ie v e , c e n tra l neat un sleet equity end assume 
Ne BERRIS, 337-oo1) 

Oak Men dew . beautiful large ) s la ty 4 I I , I y o g i e ld hem e e a rn e r ta t. e x ile s v a le t* m m e i u ra t* I s s ieee, ne pc gtgrgf iud Onty * * j mn e t) to t* 

CHURCHIU HIGH SCHOOL 
A house with mony c u r us, loco! td in E N C H A N T E D FO REST. 4 bedrooms. 2 baths, liv in g re a m ,I d in in g ream , and fa m ily room . | 
E xtra s include 2 bonus ro o m s ; sewing room ond study, abave ft** ground pool. now a ir conditioning ond many traas Close to schools and shopping. Cart today. 

3*4-62o7, 6E6-833o A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTOR 6- N .W a tt O ft 
C lean I b d rm cordelled b e lte r than a co n d o m in iu m su e w ise. but lust os nice and mach cheaper 
Onty SM,$6o 12* 7S87 72*97$$ 
R EG N IER R E A LT Y , INC 
I L 6 t l ~ f g - U & L M D l m a n 
SCHOOL 
Lovely *1 2 , nothing down Ie an yen* *7$ ISH, 47 * 572o 47*1777 
POINTER B E A L ESTATE 

CJM. FURR CO. 
Suet I QIU mg NorThtrd* t i ! 7141 f s r g n n r r . i T T fn r T s io r y 
♦ T r i , custom ta a to ro s, fra ts i i i lim -Can 
IN T1RST A TK U t O / l i HI I pm 
<*'& AMI f i MIS I R ti ” 
1 
Bv ow nor, 4 bedroom I ' , both. custom built. 4 ro a rs old e xtra la rge den and m e tie r bedroom 
Must age Ie engr et to te ' * t* 7*8) 
I *9*7141 

CONE LISIUS SAY 
Wf HFEwf WIP Hip wp HPP! f 
"Ch ip per to eve ntmr high sch ool 
•hen to bu* ca r tor M anager " 
•««u«re about this 3 bedrggm . I bath Mr 
IU yl « b u g 

EXCELLENT CONDITION 
J e ffe rs o n o ro o b r ic k , 3 2 don, covered patM. clos* lo bus. cor- p -t-d drapes, law 1o's 
M a rll* Horton 34*2341 651 5934 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 

EXCELLENT CONDITION 
J e ffe rs o n g ra b b r ic k . 3 ) don, covered patio, close to b a t. cor poMd. drapes, Mw 18's 
M ar lie Horton 344 IM I, 4S3-I9M 
BOB JONES. REALTORS ju t 
New M m arket, 3-1-2, w ith lom ity ream , one ow ner W a lkin g dis 
•once lo art schools Has had MN of IL C ! $34,58o 
C e n t u r y 2 l | 
W H ITEH EA D H O LLID A Y 
481-8388 
REALTORS 

EXCITING HOME 
Loaded w ith c h a rm Ona v e ry largo living areg w ith cathedral 
} cat MPR. fir aptote and as luxe wet bar Separate din ing, 3 bedrooms high le t ne a r M e d ic a l C a nto r 
: M i 729), m igs 342-88lf. Ask For 
1 VIR G IN IA N IE N D O R F * mmmrn large livin g argo and m c* sued i y a rd Three N o rth e a st Schools do se by 
H a rm o n y H ills area 
49* 522) (A N Y T IM E ) 

 remend Me u n M I e c u 
I JONES. REALTORS 

? anT A * UL O u i* I super Cen tx m aer ary hem * wrlh e z aiery fire p la c e , w h ic h egens in th * 
M indy room ane le ft an indoor greonHeute es bor* et the decor and. MN at Va tim * file 
I bude bedroom suites 
Its Ids 
REALTORS 
496 48!I 

7% INTEREST 
Large 2 bedroom home in Loon 
V g lio y 
R o o m y b o o m e d d e n , ! separate liv in g , double garage, electric kitchen Assume $282 mc 
SANDISON R E A LT Y 
499 92o1 

I8UYEIS BARGAIN! 
Sharp J bedrggm , 2 bath w ith a 
.corn er fireplace Far m oi dining, 
.s e p a ra te d m a s te r b e d ro o m , tencod y a rd On o a u lo i col a s ­ soc O nly 133,9oo E a sy to a s­ sume 481 1222, nltes. 492 H U 
S ILL SOUTHERN REALTOR 

JEFFERSON HIGH 
188% E ric k ) bed roo m 
I bo th home, spacious beamed don, fo r­ m al dining, saporgM kving. duo 
EM garage new electric kitchen 
. Assam* )l7 * m o 
I SANDISON R E A LT Y 
499 9281 r T j l W l l i d N ----------------- 

 spacious 2 bedroom 2 bath. and tamUv room Noar jo lt V illage 
Control hoot ond air Carpeting , dou ble g a ra g e w ith e ffic ie n c y 
- apartm ent. 
73*7141, 
344 1431, 
I 71*5558 

C.M. HIBB CO 

JUST BETTER THAN m o st in n o iE b b a r b o o d . 7 7 7, paean trees, sa clean one mony 
|dMf)|6> 
Rubs W right 344 2M C M 2 $447 
BOB JO N IS . REALTORS j amoL 
Not lust a hom e i But a BE A U TY 
Th* cedars a r* in excotM nl lust* 
Th* root et Ibis art brick horn* is In cheir(M fgr. 4 bedrooms. I deluxe baths, fa m ily room in hr agree* privacy fenced and landscaped la perfect mn 

MED CENTERDTSA 
L ik t new br ick * 2 2 den corpet. greenhouse, trees, open 
828-o44$ 
71* 1744 
47 *o429 
WATSON 6 SON REALTORS 

 m F e i i a L i i H 
T g r v r n i i A 
Custom decorated. 4 bedroom . 2 bath, livin g , dining, fa m ily w ith fireplace, atli and hobby rooms 
M any b u ilt ins $$9,oo8 484 2481 eves and weekends m h i s n -m f g ------------- 
T O T A L 
L U X U R Y I 
C u s to m drapes, u n u su a l custom ce d a r paneling, corner fireplace Lots of natural light pius excellent loco lion $58,568 
I REALTOR 
891-13o8 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
E LA IN E LUDW IG A ASSOC. 
M f i l i i ? "'H 6 W T on ""forge 'lo !" \ mile from UTSA Cart M r details. 
83*8171 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
I 
T w w n w Tg r T i y p w — j you can sea l f m ilos tro m this 
(era fred hying homo on 4 acres. I bedrooms. I baths and Mx 11 c a r­ p e te d liv in g a re a 
T h is i u ltra m odem home tor one who wonts tom** thing different 
I 4 5 * IIM 
RED CARPET l i '&'D t f f i g 'A ye i I 

 sunken livin g and dining rooms 
L a rg e fire p la c e 
F a m ily room w ith use of glass. S a ltillo tu g , beam ed co llin g , 13 2. Sunshine kitchen $41,5oo I2 *2 M 7 
Thelma P. Preissman toes KOCK 
J bedroom home with double gar ope sits on corner lot Large sin 
•Ie Nvlng with m assive rack fire place, 2 fu ll b a th s, a ll e le c tric kitchen M's. 
SANDISON R E A LT Y 
499 92o1 

~vn p ?¥ J11 f C I T W W 
O PEN TE R M S, an I sto ry, IS42 sa. It of living area. J bedrooms, 2 baths. I living grog w ith firoptace brich. on ooh covered acre. Call 
Ruth Porto M I 2554 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

WEST HERMINE 
Oft Bianco, spark ling clean 2 he d ro o m . I b a th , m odal k itc h e n , carpeting, paneled don. M i 72o1. 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC wiTCTl B W f i l TUKlTV' ~ 
I Assume *2-1 w ith now carpet and 
I sell cleaning oven. In Oak H ills 
Terrace Has unique built in bunk 
! bed, chott, desk ond m irro r N S 
Schools Mach m oral Cart I odo r I j Only SM. 5oo 
499-1 IJJ 
RBALTORS 
M I 542) 

L O ? 
P R O P E R T Y 7 This p ro p e rly Is priced M fit your pockofbook at 
5148oo V ary (Mon. fresh ly paint od inside A proat buy if you're lo o k in g to r r o n la i g ra p e ry or home tor th * storting fam ily Cart for intorm otion. 8248171 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS l fifiT r re S T O T T • I " T I K A I 
HOUSE tor a sm all p ric e f This * I w lfh living, dining and large kit chon is priced to te ll at SMOOK or bott ofter P rashly pointed inside and now carpet, w tin stove and rotrlg o ra M r ta rem ain 
Coll 
8244)17) 
RED CARPET 
REACTORS 
I N il ie Jupe area with frontage af 187 It on or cost 41o W uter ond e le c tric ity $4ooo C a ll S h o rn # 
Legnon 53*7142, 133 4)78 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

Man or MOUM 
Why rontT Buy this lu re * droom Trout* $12,958 VA l l l l mo 

SHAVANO PARK 
77o8 sq It * 2-2 on 2 

N e o r b u s lin e t o r s , r n OOH 

 acres. 

N ^ X Y HOUSTON AND IM 16, I acre with two I bedroom bouses ond large garage Repairs nee** od Owner c a rry with smart dawn 

C* W " h u q h ES 6 BRISCOS 
9)44311 
REALTORS 
1319)58 

Large 77oo sa 
18o% Austin Stone 
,49*S M I 
494 2841 ! 
H IL L COUNTRY REALTORS 
I m m m n i -------------- 
Walk to school tro m this neat J bedroom with cozy fireplace and p rivacy M nc*. 4S *I2M 
RED CARPET 
I SPA g lfitT 
'UOWl l o r Rte grow mg fam ily 4 Bedrooms. 4 baths, music room and study G racious fo rm a l liv in g a n d d in in g p lu s la rg o ta m llv ro o m a n d c o ly b re a k fa s t re a m 
B e a u tifu lly landscaped c o rn e r in C A S TLE 
H ILLS 
ESTATES 
82*o121 
A N Y TIM E . 

IP 
,P 
M 
L 
! 

!P A M (sh H a ir 
P rivacy I* ne od I bedrooms, very tarp * MV mg has tlrggfeco. spoor a t* dining, b e a u tifu lly carpeted, d o s t to U S A A a n d M e d ic a l 
Center Ash Mr Nom Corrigan 
341-9)66 A N Y T IM E 

 l u r Mtficficuw-iiisA C e n t u r y 2 1 
An e x c lt ln ^ J iM r y home Hr# 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

SPECTAGUIAR CITY VIEU 
OWNER MUST SACRIFICE 

 w > J T g r g f i m g A m o t s a * 
STEEN LIV E ? 
In your guest Q uarters' Her own bedroom and bath plus 2 fa m ily size bedrooms, livin g dining, dan, a pool tor Ida and IIM kids, Dr as bepity r educed i 
As* tor bolti 
; Tat# 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
HOWARO TATE REALTORS 
I 

WHISPERING OAKS 
I 4 bedrooms. I boths. split level en a beautiful oak shaded lot For m a l liv in g and d in in g , fa m ily | roam, fireplace, and a separated i m a s te r b e d ro o m . Q u ic k e t 
> cupancy 
MI.9oo M2 4177. rates. 
M2 2947 
B IL L SOUTHERN REACTOR 

WHISPERING OAKS 
I I B E D R O O M *!!s e lfin g , execu­ tive heme on wooded col do soc 
: 2 » * it aor aux! flo o re d fa m ily rggm with fireplace wart Gamer oom. l'» baths. )9s)S island k it chon, with nook 
$87,ooo 
Niles. 
49) 2*4$ 
34* tort 
DON JOHNSON. REALTORS 

146 MMV HELEN 
2 12. tru ll, pecan trees, rare lorge fenced garden $17,88o 
424 OS45 
73*1744 
534 44)9 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

SSO 
Moves you Into a nice J or I be­ droom homo Onty ) homes 1st! so don't wait 

SOB B IL L A R B AL ESTATE 
53*6868 
33*1848 
33*1744 

NEW LISTINO 
*1-1. now root ond kitchen flo o r, c o rp * ! th ru o u t, o n * b e d ro o m cauld be used at TV room 
As su m * 4**% VA lo a n w ith t i l ) payments Call Mr de M ils 
Century 21 
45*81)1 Ell! P arkins RWyOSI >157 
NO CASH r Wo CP EOI t f 
NO PR O B LE M ! 
No down payment M anyone I 4 bedrooms. 2 baths, sam * with air and app lia nces than rent 
BOE DePAOLO 
5)7 IJH ___________ 
REAC TOR 

GREAT POTENTIAL 
H I Mi excel lent rendition Ideal tor refire d couple or newlyweds 
Priced In th * low $2o'* Call for appt 
O E N ! WILSON 
45o 1441 
REALTOR 
MCS 
KEY GROUP 

 m a r c a n o a l ? A R E A 
L a rg e older style 4 bedroom with separ a t* I ro o m house a t b a c k s t property 
VA Or PHA 
92) 4)27, 
M f 84$) 
Ronald Williamson__ 

IH A GOODIE 
Clean I bedroom In established orea near school Include* range, re frig e ra to r, ca rp e t and re tire d y o rd 
E a rly o c c u p a n c y 
L o w p a y m e n ts a n d e q u ity 
P ric e 
$19,515 For details ond viewing, cart 47) $84) A N Y TIM E 
WoH1D WIDE REALTY 
Lackland, K e lly argo. 6 ) 7, cen 
Ita l air, heat, Maced corner, car pet, dishwasher. V A, 7%laan, low equity, )I89 mo 474 1)41 
_ 

" r n 
LA C K LA N D TERRACE 
I bedroom, 2 bath, ear ner 
Terms or assume 
ERNEST EVERS 
REAL ESTATE 

________________ 
2 I. la rg e liv in g d in in g , n e a r schools, I AFE. K AFE )27 )844 
• OW EQ UI TY- N ear Lach la n # , clean I or « bedroom w ith cozy fam ily livin g Only $258o e dg ily 
Lei us shew you this otto lo d e *' 
OASE BAKEN R E A LT Y CO 
SYO899o Eves 49*9891. M2 771) 
KEY GROUP 
M UST SC B I, t I C 
A M E R 
ICANA. control a ir. carpel, $288 down $14$ m onthly i * i REAL TY 4/4»44i Anytim e 
M ust Sell, by ow ner, V a lle y Hr orea *1-1. wtfh control air hoot. fully carpeted, la rg e patio, nice fenced yard. other extras $19,5o8 
$2588 equity or best otter Assume 
I tow payments 474 4449 __ 
NEAR LA C K LA N D K E L L V j v e ry p re tty I b e d ro o m horns. 
Fay m xnis m' ss " • '* '» decorated, rod shop corpse 
1 drapes, harvest clove r a irie s t a tor. dishwasher, open M rm t 

B E L L . R I A L 

 lim rkx irk 
DE J I 

An 
______ _____ _____ pipe* in Hying room , c a th e d ra l cod in gs Wet bar in fam ily room I 
Mvgiy bedrooms. *(-, b e n s, J cor fora ge. $41,884 Per details cart 
Reese Henry 

455 3564 
Realtor 
N iles 
653 7791 

------------- H i l l UTU -------------- 
Now M m arket, assume paym ents under $3o8 on this fully carpeted. 
J bedroom 
2 both. loaded w ith extras. 837.468 
LA U R E L HILLS 
Larga unusual I or 4 bedrooms. 2 baths, large rtvMtg end dining with view and fire p M c * Spanish UM flo o r in don, lu x u ry th ru o u t, s p rin k le r system and tre e s A must see at $79 548 
C e n tu ry 21 
W hitehead Hot*Poy 

PRICED REDUCED $18,oo8 
NEW ORLEANS TOWNHOUSE 
D I SION 
2*88 so p f C u s to m b r i c k 
4 *1, I DECKS PLUS PATIO 
A LL LU XU R Y FE ATU R ES 
COOP 4)9 AT BABCOCK KO 
F L E X IB L E TE RMS 4 9 * 2717 

ST MARY'S UNIVERSITY 
IS enty w BIR O from this I ha droom, I hath home P riced M suit ai only $14,588 Per d e tails and viewing, coit M2 411$ AN YTIM E 

 w h i r m i 
~ r a o u iiM brick heme has te rra n e entry M tor m oi livin g , dining roam s and 
• o ne!od fam ily room 18x14 w ith fire p la c e ! 4 b e d ro o m s (s ittin g areg rn m aster bedroom ) 
>74,988 
REALTORS 
49o-4811 

PMC*. Mr m al ll yin# dining, near 
Mad Clr School Must ssN A vail 
PMI lith $51,8o8 497 1974 

 in C o li*** Heights, w ith I la rg e | sat 9398 bedrooms, massive fam ily room. 
*“ * * * — dou ble g o ro g e , fo rm a l tie in g , caporal* dining, forge Mnc od let 
With M rge Pee on trees Cart Bor hare Mr de MW* today 
$13-3752, rates. $ )) 148$ | 
C e n tu ry 21 

2o4 Shelburn, J I ! home, *14.896 
44 ? im i- 9 P 'P f l P IT Y *14o4X1 
SOMETHING SPEC IAL 
188% b r ith I b e d ro o m . 2 ba th hom e w ith geol. fire p la c e one everything 
Deluxe livin g en I 1* acres af beau rte I landscaped and 
Mnc od properly 454 IIM 
RED CARPET 

NEW LISTING 
! 4 Bedroom, J bath in Valley Fe root. large MmMv room, covered patio 
1488 so It Lew a n c * et 
$28.$oo Owner anxM u* VA. PHA, 
, Conv Assume Coll today 
499 1131 
REALTORS 
M I M il 
RED CARPET 

" W 
I P f m n j u g m r n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ t k k i t rn 

RE AC TOR) 
*969)16 any 

' UNSHINf HOME 
I bedroom T botk M m x with so* th ru fire p la c e and a m a u t sun t eem G reet buy re the Mw O f* 

•acutate, I M% la b 
• atren Only 4*4.ME 

 y n w n r r 

 pi tin ie r ac eg in im 

TURY i i lib r a •**• RegHf 
'% » 

 oms M x tf s g , b e a u tifu l, la rg e . 
I-bitty t i l . | n e t p m B a m , 
C o rn e l to t a s tre * e u le r* im ere** ’ S S cadre ne et ex i m m m r n u h 

 b a d ia n . Hove, rg trtj i fqRg f, (fa b 
» trade 

Me SMI 
* 

 n x x i a______________XU carpe fam ily hump RI Cee A re* 
Gut G IH lM I CD S S K S u Z S 

® 
B 
H 
. EMSS?ah* 
■ 
HW 

■ a a tre e fe v e r e d le i I 
Medic el Center urea New I ie Mvtfig ra g es CBR tg B d i 
RAC TOR k ffiT RMI IfiX B tll 464 7*88 
" ■ k i t * 
CENTURY I) Schneider Bae 

NEAR WONDERLAND 
I Bedroom, I bath rat bricSi hum . i antral arr ond hopi, hunt re kit chob. c o ve re d p a tio , e x c e lle n t 
Meenon, e u ro largo lot S II,888 
Reese Henry 
It ta ilo r 
438 3SBd 
N ile s 
6 1 *1 7 8 4 
B T H " V M V C IV V LA V I- 
Spacious I ho<room t M R home on o to r moi MI f era ut dining. bredbSool nee* IP hrfch oo fire 
•read re using rggm. eof ch eel pf m g * !* ! be d r sam 
O n ly *1144 f d v it y a s s u m e t i l t p g r m o 
OvMMf Irg n sfg rrg d 

I m * B i n be F U S I U 

 droom I bam*. 2 sopor or* air ond hopi unify Soc ur ify gale almost I acre on T errell Rd f ie 4$2t, rat* 
*74-8744 
Turner Realty 

H G I * perth in m d y 
I bedrggm , I M i* heme with t livre * ergo*, g piggy- a em end a gut den spot re Ina bdckygrd 494 1311 I ANV T IM A ) 
RED CARPET to m bibs r f r n Tifri-fT B 
N IL L S 
GV 4 f 
■ bedx e»m I s e n beme m r* le i* et room . d ie in g a r den, liv in g le i if*###* rn t i f f ti##* 411# ##111 fclM 
•din. leer. Lew M 's 481 oo*4 
HO CARPET 

T il 
T T « , *« r, 
MhggBgy » 

M i SOU int JU' t9 r # y * u n 7 ^ # 3 # ir 
H gf* I badreom bouse a o rta e ! C o n d itio n d e i* to 
K M M SI) 4)8 PHA Ofiiy S8A9 M m ete 
RI 
B IL L . 
BB ac To r s n m 
# . 
_________ r M i l l t i l l 1 t i n i i i RP 
Coo#rev# I m gown 

 is en Rut beautiful I bedroom, I bafb bom * Veg can t buy on* kb* it M f Mss end we ti p re y* if 

BOB B IL L A E B A L EST A IR 
>>*1448 
111 1144 

H i, J K S W M B 
A A A S A B B A H * B O Y 
I be dr bom s. Move, Maced, no down. 
Aprh ly i ggym ont. $18* mo 

S t ’ tW w * T N ^ L A 
Air v s ? i aunt Orem* r ra ooh tool arow 
C EGN ABD. B B A 

S V M f WM s r n ' i i i x i htfM ty loom . 

TO B I 
4*1 

I ’ ! lk A T ii4 6 8 4 1 t# 
AA I B U Y 
C o ly I h e d re e m s , fe n Sr ai an, ne atw o, IM cMsreg 
Apr I t it Payment 
& H » « A T N | 5( A T IP X *, f t l 
ADAMS MILL 
Over HO* so r af M xurioo* Re req im m o r a l* !* I b d d re e m , ) bam a d s emodbutnm * firepM c* 
C a rp e t ra n g * g t * b * r a * b * r ( 
• • • e g * * te m * s e v e re d p e lt# 
Beganin> .n m pi sc* see 
CENTURY 21 
Reb# c nxbieesd Rem '* 
6*4 >111 

No Down. No Closing, large ) be droom, 2 both with doubt* ga roes centref air, trees, re due en price 
M 'O h a m r i a l TY 673 1*81 
N O R T H S ID E 
SCHOOL o i l 
T R IO I bear eon. ) bath double rim she* b o ro **, br oak ta st bor re 
X iii hen com bination fam ily and dining rooms, covered not to (238 sd fi of riving ared Ou»« terms, 
137ARR SJI l f ) ) 
RED CARPET 
OPP ^ fiM M tlC lA L ) boat oom, 
Mncod, $14,168 VA PHA 
92* 4)23 
H ASKINt R E A LTY 
OPP P IN N RO 
C le a n ) bx dream *, air. eoetrances $31$ M move re . $149 rn* 
*9o > I le w A Y I*) $C A I $ R 494 4 lev 

ONEY $17,SOO 
Buys iras b e a u tifu l * bedroom , 
• im I 11 bafils, M ig * M m liy room, ond rxnircM baal ana air go M ig * t or net ira, Coli l e e r 
>17 111) migs 34) 1685 
P o g i te h i* s n * 4en , c u t* I bedroom hom o r g o to ro m p cathedral ceilin gs no po a n no clo SRU VA 
M i * * * * l l A L I T i f * MM. 
P B l? BO B E I u W V A L U E . A do trine ham * re Meade# Vtfigge. 
•ne e d bl Sod (sutra i hod*oom, t b u lb x ii* double eg* vee de* or rem y tensed co v e te d p rim - t i IN M P B 
A A R * 
BB BL tv 
>14919) 

I 

o4673326 

P ag e 
1 2 -D 
S an A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
S a tu rd a y F eb ru a ry 1 2 1 9 7 7 

1216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

S M A L L 
D O W N 
P A Y M E N T , 
L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th hom e w ith a tta che d g a ra g e R e d e c o ra t­ ed in e x c itin g co lors, $5oo dow n. 
W A R E R E A L T Y 
734-o193 
S m a ll e q u ity t o r h o u s e , n e e d s m in o r re p a ir, 333-2117.___________ 
447 T a ft, 8 -ro o m s , 3 -b a th s N ic e 
House to r $14,5oo 923-6372 
8927 T R O Y , ro o f a re a a p p r o x ­ im a te ly 17oo sa ft. a tta c h e d c o r- p o rt in clu de d . $1o,7oo. 924-53o4. 
V A L L E Y -R I, N ic e 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th h o m e , la r g e m a s t e r b e ­ d ro o m , h as a ir , c a rp e tin g a nd a p p lia n c e s . $23,ooo. No d ow n on 
V A loan 474-5411 
RED CARPET 

22S ■ SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

W A L K TO L A C K L A N D 
K E L L Y 
E -Z to b u y . 3 -1 -c p , $145 m o . 
475 1491, 474-1777, 423-S72o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
W H Y R E N T W H E N Y O U C A N 
B U Y a b e a u tifu l 3 or 4 b e d ro o m hom e w ith a tta ch e d g a ra g e , som e w ith a pp lia n ces. 
No dow n to anyone 
H U G H E S & BRISC O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 
125*125 ft lo t, s m a ll re p a ir a b le hom e, $75oo N e a r S. Z a rz o m o ra 
924-8114, 337 4827 

218 HOUSES MOVED 

G ov t B ld g 
24x1oo. s u ita b le fo r d u p le x , la r g e h o m e o r o ffic e s 
$873o 24x39 Good ro o f, new p a in t lo b, $3o3o In c lu d e s m o v in g a nd fou n da tion . 333-o745 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
I 663-4558 
S A Direct Line 626-12oo 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
1-443-4558 

S A Direct line 626 12oo 

GE AC I AGOSTI 
R u m . 2-2'>-2, guest house b a rn , s ta ll, pens, o w n e r C o rry 
82oo645 
736 1766 
534 4439 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

2 AC TAVERNIA 
A ll u tilitie s , 4 tra c ts , V» ac ea 
828-o665 
736 1766 
734 4117 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

" 2o!/? AC NISON 
On H w y 97 N 3 b e d ro o m hom e fire p la c e , w e ll, b a rn , co asta l 
828o665 
734 1766 
648 o873 
W ATSO N A SON R E A LT O R S 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
MW o f S an A n to n io in B e x a r , 
C om al. K e n d a ll Co's. 1-18 a c re s o r M o re 
DON SMITH CO 
69 8 244o 
B R O K E R 
698 2261 
A cre ag e tra c ts , sm a ll dow n, sm a ll m o n th ly , b e a u tifu l o oks. no ro c k o r ce tlo r Cull M a g ee 342 2516 
A C R E A G E T R A C T S . H e lo te s 
C reek R a nch L ow L ow dow n 
684-4211 o r 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
17 A c re s a l $495 a c re o ft 28IN , 
P re tty o a k s , e x c e lle n t h u n tin g 
J im A shley R eal E sta te 684 4276 

HILL COUNTRY LANO 
ONLY $2oo DOWN 

Parcel 49 - $4ooo Nice hill side view, Ook Trees, Access to river, recreation, pork facilities, tennis and fishing 

PARCH 184 • $34oo, Own this nice large tract for os little os your trode in and 53o or 535 per month 

 at 8% simple interest cmd 12 yeors to pay In Hill Country North 

PARCH 295 • $73oo, Fish out your bock door on beautiful spring led lake Tremendous view. Access to Guadalupe 

HBG REAL ESTATE 
733-13o9 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

3 B E D R O O M R O C K H O M E 
5 a c re s . F ire p la c e 
L o c a te d n e a r 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 224 7171 

B O E R N E , l-m ile of to w n , H uge trees, w ill b u ild to suit lf d esired 
512 598 2543 o r 598 2541 
B Y O W N E R 75 A CRES 
14 m ile s southeast Loop 41o on h ig h w a y 16. 
3 y e a rs o ld 
A ll b ric k 3-2 hom e 
L a rg e ro o m s . S w im m in g p o o l 
2-story m e ta l b a rn . Irrig a tio n w e ll a n d e q u ip m e n t 
F is h in g p o n d 
L a rg e oak and h ic k o ry tre es W ith 
2o a c re s of co asta l 
D e er, q u a il, a n d d o v e 
C o ll 
924 6571 o r 
I 742 3o98 fo r a p p o in tm e n t 
____ 
B Y O W N E R 
C A L V E R A S L A K E , la rg e c o u n try hom e, on 1-3 a cre s, a ls o 15-3o a c re s 
In E C e n tr a l 
D is tric t 633 oo28 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
Beautiful 1oo% brick, 5 bedroom, 3 both home on nearly 7 acres, with huge family room, corner fireplace, two tennis courts, family room, with central heat and mr, carpet and many extras. Only $85,ooo 
Call J.C for appointment today, 
532-3252, roto* 337-4848 
HOME ON 42 ACRES 
1oo% rock, 4-2-2, massive den, with beamed ceiling, and fireplace Central heat and att, ond built in kitchen, plus hay barn, tock room, and work shop 
All fenced, and cross fenced In (ast 
Central. See today 
494-5571, (sites 349-4834 

H 
' f l n r c n m 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

T R E A S U R E IS L A N D , 3-2-2 on toke, M C Q U E E N E Y , B v O w n e r, a ll b ric k , d e lu x e th ru -o u t. b e s t fis h in g , s k iin g , b o a tin g , on la k e . 
B o a t h ou se w ith e le c tr ic h o is t, tre e s g a lo re , b e a u tifu lly la n d s ­ caped $69,5oo I 557-5114________ 

W e e ken d h id e -a w a y o r p e r m a n ­ e nt hom e in re s o rt c o m m u n ity 45 m ites N o rth on 281 F u rn , c a rp e t­ ed, b oa t a n d m o to r, the w o rk s 
$24,5oo 494 1328 

23o LOTS 

LOTS OF BEAUTY and lots of v a lu e in th is S panish 
R a m b le r on 6 'j w ooded a cre s, 6 m inu tes fro m N o rth S ta r M a ll 4 b e a u tifu l b e d ro o m s , 3 '; b a th s , gorgeous fa m ily ro o m w ith stone fire p la c e . C h a rm in g h o s t ro o m w ith w et b a r, s p a c io u s g o u rm e t k it c h e n , m o n y e x t r a s 
F ir e p ro o fe d s ta b le s w ith c o rra ls , lf you can a ffo rd the best, see this d e sira b le hom e. 344-8348 
G ra c e A rn o ld 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

•MOUNTAINTOP NORTH • 
A s ta g g e r in g v ie w f o r m ile s , co vered w ith oaks $94oo 698-2o93, 
494 6777 

BARGAIN PRICED 
Ide a l lot to r y o u r hom e in In s p ir­ a tion H ills. H igh e leva tio n w ith a b e a u tifu l v ie w o f th e c ity . F o r d e to ils and vie w in g , c a ll 342-411$ 
A N Y T IM E 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 
2-B ig b lo c k s , 51x3o6 fe e t, o ff 4- b lo c k of m e d ic a l c e n te r, fo r de to ils call 828 o372_________________ 
C a n y o n L a k e , % a c re , n e x t to 
S tate P a rk , s w im m in g pool, c le ­ r i c i t y , w a te r, w e e k e n d re s o rt, see to a p p re c ia te , $2,9oo e q u ity . b y ow ne r, 656-1142. 

 per ocre 

SWT FARM I RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPBOXIMATHY 26oo ACKS U t 
LA SAHI CO With Fria River hon togo 
2 rote mobile homes. 
Garage, hunting stands, numerous smoll fields Excellent hunting ond fishing. Smoll por­ tion of minerals. M65 with good terms 

418 ACKS LA SAUL CO. W 
•Aile Nueces River frontage, 5 miles West of Cotulla 18o Acres irrigated farmland, nice house overlooking smoll lake Excellent hunting ond fishing with many r 

 od improvements Vi minerals real showplace $8oo per acre with good owner financing 
Ut PITHS - 1-879-2759 
P.O. Box 543, Cotulla, Tx. 
78o14 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 236 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY! 3o2 MOBILE HOMES BENT 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ SALE 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

N E A R L A C K L A N D 
12 X 6o' (2 ) 
7 bedroom No pets. $165 m onth. A ll b ills p a id . $5o d e p o s it. 25o2 Ob- 
Is e rv o tio n D r. 674-7518- 696-35o7 

* 

* 

* 
* 

*¥¥¥ 

MAJOR 
INTERSECTION 
18 ACRES FOR SALE OR LEASE 
ALL OR PART 
WILL BUILD TO SUIT 
NORTHWEST 
CORNER 
LOOP 

¥¥¥ I E 
¥ 

N E A R L A C K L A N D - D ouble w ide 
24'xSS', 3 b e d ro o m s , den, d in in g ro o m 
F u lly c a rp e te d 
No p ets 
$25o m o b ills p a id $1oo d ep osit 
25o2 
O bse rva tio n* D r 
674-7518, 
696 35o7___________________________ 

APARTMENTS FURN 

AND IH IO EAST 

 t * 

HALLMARK REALTY 
6 5 3 - 8 3 1 o 

¥ 
4 'o - i C 
¥¥¥ 

232 FARMS KND RANCHES 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly s e c lu d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills 
B u ild n ow o r h o ld fo r in ­ v e stm en t T e rm s a v a ila b le $3,8oo lo *4ooo 
P ave d s tre e ts 
A ll u tile ties N e ar Schools and shopping 
N e a r B a n d e ra Rd a nd B e n ru s 
D r F o r d e ta ils ca ll L ou is F lo re s . 
732 2 2 4 1 _________________________ 
C o rn e r lo t, K e n tw o o d M a n o r, 
$35oo M u st Sell 696 5533_________ 
FO R C E D to sell im m e d ia te ly Lot, 
J e ffe r s o n A re a 6 B lo c k s a ll schools Best O tte r: J im 224-7237 

B y o w n e r, E a r ly T e x a s S ty le hou se on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r , in 
S eguin, 7 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th w ith o v e r 6oo sa ti of p o rc h e s 
Im p ro v e d w a te r fro n t P ric e N e go ­ tia b le I 379 4373 

3 ACRES 
Betw een N ew B ra u n fe ls ond Can y o n L a k e 
$695 p e r a c re . B ill 
Hughes, B ro ile r. 342 18o8________ 
5 A cres, C onyon L ake a re a, noth m g down, $49 49 m o J im A shley 
R e alty 226-7774___________________ 
$-2-2 2' i A cre s, C um al Co 
O utside c ity lim its of N ew B ra u n ­ fe ls w ith r iv e r p a rk p riv ile g e s , g o rg e o u s ta rg e o o k s , c a r e fu lly c o re d to r house and y a rd B un k house. 3 s ta ll b a rn , ch ic k e n house a n d h a y b a r n , r id in g a r e a . 
N B IS O 
H o n e s tly p r ic e d a t 
$6o,ooo E A S Y M A L L R E A L T Y , 
New B ra u n fe ls , T x D a ys 629 1192, 
H ilts 651 6515_____________________ 
I IO a cre s, E ce nt u tilitie s 
648 333oLG R IP P S R L T Y 644-4444 
IO A c re s E o f B la n c o , s m o ll house, good top soil, n ic e tre e s 
J im A shley R ep I E sla te 684-4276 
3* > A cre s in B la n c o Co J m r fro m 
B la n c o R iv e r, p a v e d ro a d Iro n loge. F o r Into 828-325o 
283 A C R E S in H ill C o u n try . B ur n et C o u n ty 
D e e r, q ua d p ro v id e fin e h u n tin g 
B e a u tifu l liv e oak tre es, som e a c re s in c u ltiv a tio n 
C all 
B u rn e t, 
512 
7S6-279J o r 
7 56 41 S3. 

C O M A L C O U N T Y 
4 l l a cre s n e a r c o rn e r of 281 and 
46 M o b ile hom es a ccepted A re a l b a r g a in a l o n ly S I3 .7o o 
E a s y te r m s . 1o% d o w n , b a la n c e 3o ye ars, 
7% in te re s t 
W ant las! 
732 8111 
FAMILY REALTY 

COUNTRY DREAM 
B e a u tifu l 4 y r old J s to ry C olonial hom e, on 45 a c re s 
J u s t 7o m i 
S o u th o f 
S A 
5 
B e d ro o m s , 
4 ib a th s . la rg e liv in g a re a w ith b a r. s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m . 46oo sa ft at liv in g a re a 
I o rg e store room and bath w ith show er, o ft 3 c a r c a r p o r t 
F e n c e d a n d sow n w ith c o a s ta l b e r m u d a 
L a r g e b arn and dog kennels C ity w a ter, p r ic e d to s e ll b y o w n e r 
C a ll 
826-4712 to r a pp oin tm e n t________ 

H ills s u b d iv is io n , 
Co, 
$15oo best o tte r 

NEAR ROERNE 
M a g n ific e n t 43 a c re e x e c u tiv e es­ ta te w ith one of a k in d c o u n try hom e, 3 fire p la c e s , Sunday house, sw im m in g pool, stone fences and o ver 1ooo t i of the c ry s ta l c le a r, ro ck lin e d B alcon es C ree k 
O nly 
7o m in NW of San A nto nio in h ill c o u n try n e a r B oerne 

ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A LT O R S 
1o5 S aunders, B oerne, Tx 
249 3526. 
749 284o, 
749 8266 
S A d ire c t lin e 824 9112 

N E A R L Y T L E . L o v e ly o lde r h om e, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 3 b e d ro om , 2 b ath den, c o u n try s ite kitc h e n , g a ra g e , w e ll 

I L iv e O ak 
I G uadalupe 
I 333 5629 i 4127 M T 
L A U R E L ST 
In M I 
L a u re l Sub D iv is io n . 72 fr o n t ft 
: w ith p a v e d a lle y , id e a l fo r m in - 
1 iu m u m g ra s s h om o N e a r T U R 
I T L E C R E E K C O U N T R Y C L U B , 
M ed C e nte r, U S A A, etc, $14,ooo i 696 44o5 M o n T r i o r 341 5646 
BAM 1oPM d a ily W ill F in a nce 

NEAR UTSA 
9ox15o ft le v e l lo t w ith o il u tilitie s . 
M in u te s a w a y fro m U T S A a n d 
U S A A 
F o r d e ta ils a nd v ie w in g , c a ll 347 41 IS A N Y T IM E 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 
2 re s id e n tia l lots, ort San P ed ro , 
$38oo each, o w n e r c a rry . 
734 5434 C P K O SUB 342 o343 
Two Tots on Ike St on P olo A lto 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
B ea u tifu l custom b u ilt hom e plus 
9 acres. Fenced and cro ss fenced 
Stock tan k and cre e k. M a n y oth e r o utstan d ing fe a tu re s lu s t m in u te s 
N o rth of c ity D e tails c o ll 342-4177, nites , 824 1954 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

C O U N T R Y F E E L I N G 
O AK V IL L A G E N O R T H Top Of hilt, I a c re c le ared , v ie w O w ner anxious, assum e 
A P P R 2 A C R E S , fla t b e a u tifu l land, P ra n c in g D e er D r R educed 
$12,ooo 
1o A C R E S , h ig h k n o ll n e a r 
B e rg h e im , o w n e r c a rry 
$15oo down 
SCENIC tO O P cre e ks, h ills , ap p ro x 2 a cre s M a ke o fte r $15,6oo 
G R E Y F O R E S T , o 245 a c re s , a l tra c tiv e lo catio n , p ric e d lo sell 
$4ooo 
Van Ruren 8 Assoc 
684 7171 
699 oo66 
433 1247 

ERA 
532 31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 232 FARMS AND RANCHES 
R e a lto r 
673 o1o8 J 

NORTH ON SAN PEDRO 
L a rg e site fo r M o b ile , re a d y to m o v e on to 
$43oo 
N a m e y o u r te rm s 
L a k e c ro tt 
R eal 
E atate, 
494 3419___________________________ 

NW . b etw e en M e d in a L a k e a nd 
P ipe C reek, 2 b ed ro om hom e and im p ro v e m e n ts on 6' i a c re s Ad d itin n a i a cre ag e a v a il 
$37,9oo 
681 1oo9 

N.W. S.A. 
F o r a s h o rt tim e o nly, I a nd 2 a c re tra c ts , fro m $65oo w ell re s tric te d 
W o ter ond u tilitie s , only m inu tes tom U TS A , L A K E C R O F T R E A L 
E S T A T E , 342 1 661 

136 AC GONZALES 
O ft IH1o sm a ll dn O w n er c a rry 
878 o665 
736 1766 
648-o873 
W ATSO N A SON R E A LT O R S 

1oOAC.LA VERNIA 
N ice house, 6 out b u ild in g s , fru it o rc h a rd , W ell, stock ta n k , b la c k to sandy loam , Has e v e ry th in g . JOE 
VA JOOS, R e a lto r (512) 78o 2225, 
K arne s C ity 
7o a cre fa rm nea r New B ra u n fe ls , 
O w ner fin an ced 
684 4211 o r 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y _______ 
47 a c re liv e oak h ills Joins huge ra n ch, d ee r tu rk e y $395 p e r o cre 
L ib e ra l te rm s 1-896 244o 

N.W. S A 
F o r a s h o rt tim e o nly, I a nd 2 o c re tra c ts , fro m $65oo w ell re s tric te d 
W ater and u tilitie s , o nly m inu tes tom U TS A , L A K E C R O F T R E A L 
E S T A T E , 342 1661 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G . 2o a c re s lr rig a te d la nd w ith nice ro ck hom e, la rg e s w im m in g p o o l. 6 m ile s f r o m c it y lim it s , f o r s a le b y ow ner. 734 41o3 

D E V E L O P E R S ' IN V E S T O R S ' 
39o 5 A cres, on US 281 N In C om al 
Co 674 5777, 344 3633 

OUT SAN P E D R O l l m ile s fro m 
'16o4 
2,4,7, l l or 27 A c re tra c ts 
O w ner fin a n c e d 
696-742o WAYNE- SL A T E R 344 o936 
O ver 1 a c re in Oak H ill R anches 
M e te re d w o te r s y s te m 
$35oo 
924 8116, 337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

PIPE CREEK 
2 GOOD O N E S H E R E A 
3 A cre s to r $23oo 
5 aces fo r $45oo 
$1oo down, T e rm s L a k e c ro tt R eal 
E state, 342 1661 

32oo acre Ranch in on estate on paved ro a d, good h u n tin g , '^ m in e ra ls , a nd te rm s 
S T E W A R T R E A L T Y 
349 6938 or 278-76o4 
2 ooo A C R E R A N C H SO U TH 
M a n y ta n k s im p ro v e m e n t 
R iv e rfro n t-la n d in g s trip 
M uch g am e, o w n e r c a rry 
227 o227 
W atson A Son 
628 1267 

D E V IN E , T X 
E x tra sp ecia l 
1o8x2o5 lot 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath . den, fu lly ca rp e te d , c e n tra l h ea t-a ir 

7.54 ACRES 
Ju st inside W ilson Co O nly 17 m i fro m Loop 41o, lots of oaks. tan k, also Texas V e te ra n la n d a v a il 
344 6268 
341 6566 
695 3113 
CONNALLY 
REAL ESTATE INC. 
2o' I A cres. 77 m i east of Sari An too to aa (H IO $15,ooo toto) C o ll $ to 7 o rn o nd 8 lo 12 p m 736 6417 

15 A C R E S , 3 m ile s o u t of c ity lim its on 181 S. $15oo p e r a c re . 
E osy te rm s 926-6666, 623 1932 
IO ACRES M O B IL E HO M E 
L o c a te d in N o r t h w e s t B e x a r 
C o u n ty 
L o ts o f o a k s , J b a rn s , greenhouse, w o rksh op , c o m p le te ­ ly fenced 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
648-33o7 

G U A D A L U P E R IV E R LO T n e a r 
C o n y o n L a k e 
Id e a l f o r r e t i r ­ em ent hom e o r w eekend re tre a t 
HO fe e t of w a te r fro n ta g e 
B y 
O w ner 826 2894 or 696 892/ 

Guadalupe River Frontage 
I o c re w ith b e a u tifu l Oak trees, on y o u r o w n w a te r f r o n t T e rm s o y q ilo b le, 497 3753. 824 o85o 

HCN CO 
IH IO NW LE O N S PR IN G S E X IT 
*98 7445 

22 ACRES 
N E A R B O E R N E on p aye d ro a d, a ll in g ra ss w ith s p re a d in g oaks 
Fe nce d , stock la n k and s tre a m , s ta b le a n d w e ll 
24 X 4o 3 be b ro om , 7 b ath m o b ile hom e, tu rn 
Choice b u ild in g sig ht 
E x c e lle n t a ssum ption 

52 ACRES 
N E A R K E N O A L IA Fenced, w ell, co bin , 2o a c re s in c u ltiv a tio n . 

2 ACRES 

GIW)Al UP! RIVED 
I A p p ro x im a te ly I a c re G ua d alu p e 
I R iv e r access, out San P ed ro For 
I sale bv ow ne r, w ill lin a n c e , 
369-o961__________________________ 

HEAR WATERS OE 

LITTLE BLANCO RIVER 
R a n c h e r c u ttin g up h is ra n c h 
| E lim in a te the m id d le m on s p ro fit 
(n o rm a lly m a d e by d e v e lo p e r) j the sa v in g s w ill be passed on lo j voo $5 to ? (H o w m u ch do you 
I w a n t) A cre s fro m sBOO per a cre 
HBG , IN C , B R O K E R 822 1236 

H E L O T E S 
[J A c re s p lu s 
N e w w e ll, fe n c e , 
I e le r i n c i t e , g o o d ro a d s , s e p tic 
J tank p e rm it B ig Oak Trees 
F o r 
I Sole o nd F in a n c e d bv O w n e r 
I 
] am not a R eal E sta te A gent it you 
I don t n a v e m o n e y d o n 't b o th e r 
I m e 695 8965. 695 32o5 ____ _____ 
H IG H W A Y FR O N TA G E 
O n H w y 
87 n e a r L a V e r m a . 5 acres, o il u tilitie s . 
$9,25o 
C all 
E m e ry i l l I I H 
N ile s 533 14o5 

PIPE CREEK 
2 G O OD O NES H E R E ! 
3 A cre s to r $23oo 
5 aces fo r $45oo 
$1oo dow n, T e rm s L a k e c ro tt R eal 
E slate, 341-1661 
| 

R I V E R F R O N T 5 A C R E S 
B ea u tifu l c ry s ta l cle ar w a te r $865 d ow n p u v m e n t, $134 52 p e r m o 
O wner Im o nce d C all 736 95»8 

SE Near Lavernia 
; This 2 a c re s of good soil is o nly 
1 m in fro m C a la v u re s , o n d a p e r le c t h om esite $2,32o, $1oo dow n, 
12 ye ars lo pay C all and osk fo r 
John 
927 7441 
H B G 
R E A L 
I E S T A T E 

SE Near Lavernia 
T his 2 a c re s of good soil is only m m fro m C ola vo te s , and a p er fe e l h om esite $2,32o. $1oo dow n. 
: 12 ye ars to pay C all a nd ask to r 
John 
927 7441 
H B G 
E S T A T E it ll SO I A N D 5 AC TR A C T 

59oo ACRES 
C o m b in a tio n fa r m o n d ra n c h 
O v e r 2ooo a c re s in c u ltiv a tio n , re a d y to B io n t 
A m p le ir rig a tio n w a te r, w e ll w a tered , w e ll fen ce d, new pens, te n a n t house, the v e ry b est h u n tin g in S outh T e x a s ! A re a l o p p o rtu n ity at a re a son ab le p ric e 
H E A R N PRO W SE P ro p e rtie s 
$12 8$$ 4o84 

UVE OAK COUNTY 

25o Acres north of Three Rivers 
All in brush, rood frontage, with minerals $375 per ocre 

7oo ACRES 
13 miles west of Campbellton, paved rood frontage, mobile home, bom, pens, artesian well with reservoir, good coastal, ideal for hay operation, minerals available $425 per ocre 

VESTLAND 
Corpus Christi 
8 5 4 -1 o 1 5 

T e xas V e t o r a n y o n e 
24 a c re s n e a r F lo re s v ille , c le a r e d la n d , w a te r a v a ila b le 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

Tex. V et w a nts 15-2o a cre s, w a te r, deer, trees, d o te in, 669 1524 
WE CAN S E L L YO U R 
R A N C H F A R M OR H O M E 
IN THE H IL L C O U N T R Y 
HO USTO N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
B oerne, Tx 78oo6 
249 2116 o r 249 3314 
W hat type R anch do you w ant? 
RAN C H M A R K E T 226 5184 
RI 3 Box 221, San A ntonio, 78218 

411 ACK* 
N*«» tough Hvmbnq ranch, 
MOO R f MTB 
6oo Aals 
Hoot livaife. OW fawprovBRWfiti MSO 
(HH aer*. 
65o ACKB 
Nbot Oval* Or 
$S2S por bub 
125o ACKB 
I Hour from Sam Antonio. kmi<< Hill 
Country Im wafer. goad hunting, 
SS OO p#r m f 
1o,ooo ACKS 
VAI VftOI COUNTY 
On Ink*, fond war* mg ranch. $225 p#r aer* 
GEORGI GRAVIS Rf ACTOR 
2789467 triolet, I i /MOI 

WORKING RANCH 
W ill s e ll a ll o r p a r t 
858 o c re s s a nd y lo a m a nd b la c k la n d 
16o a cres irrig a te d . A p p ro x 6oo ocre s in Coastal B e rm u d a A p p ro x 2oo acre s P eanut a llo tm e n t. 5 houses 
65oo sqft m o d e rn d a iry b a rn 
16 inch irrig a tio n w e ll 66oo ft. riv e r fro n ta g e 
T a n ks w ith fish 
M a n y o th e r Im p ro v e m e n ts in c lu d in g 
4,ooo sa lt. ra n c h house. 35 m ile s fro m SA, m ile fro m tow n T e rm s, ow ner c a rry . 349-65o3, 494-2o4o 

Martha Worley Realtors 

ZAVALLA COUNTY 
I 3.115 a c re s , 3 ir rig a tio n w e lls , 8 
I tanks, im p ro v e m e n ts too n u m e r­ ous to m e n tio n ! A s s u m a b le fin j once, w ill d iv id e 
Land Locators of Texas s A 667-1154, 667 1333 

234 FARMS FOR RENT 

16o3 S N E W B R A U N F E L S 
75oo sqft m a s o n ry b ld g C e n tra l h ea t-a ir, show room , neon lig h ts, 3 baths, toned K At IH-tO and New 
B ra un fels. 349-65o). 822-16o1 
Martha Worley Realtors 

>2,ooo SO F T S TR IP C E N T E R 
C hoice lo c a tio n 
M o d e rn 3 y rs o ld . O w n e rs m u s t s e ll. $1o,ooo down and assum e. 
494-3229, 
341 8134 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 

ANO OFFICE SPACE 
A ll s ite s to m e e t a n y nee d 
A ll a re as of S A. E rn e s t Soble Com- m e rc io l P ro p 349-3639__________ 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

RENTALS 

 jssmm 
4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

F R O M 

$ 4 6 . 
Weekly 

5 1 5 
2 
. Monthly 
Studio, I -2 bedroom s 
NO LEASE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING-N O PETS 

WARREN HOUSE 
3 22 2 N .W . Loop 4 1 o 
“ Ut int*r$B<lio« of D tw hw nt ond a tt ess rood 41o“ 

342-4o 29 

NORTHWOOD 
APARTMENTS 
FROM 

* 1 6 5 . . * 3 1 o 
OPEN 
Sat. I O a.m . to 5 p.m . 
Sun. I p.m . to 5 p.m . 
8315 N. VANDIVER 
826-5531 
OFF LOOP 4 1 o N.E. 

HOME OF THE 
BIG OAKS 

4Q4-APARTMCTTS -UNFURN 
4o4 AP ASTM ENTS-UNFUBN 

B E A C O N C IR C L E E A S T 
N e a r S a n P e d r o a n d n e w 
N o r t h E x p r e s s w a y . 1234 s q f t . o f f i c e - w a r e h o u s e s p a ce . 342-2934. 
C o m m e rc ia l b ld g d e sig n e d and fu rn is h e d to r d an ce s tu d io , etc. a p p ro x . 3,ooo sq. ft. R e c e p tio n a re a Call 822 9515, 826 8364 
C o m m e rc ia l B u ild in g , d esig n ed , fu rn is h e d , w ith n u m e ro u s s e p a r­ ate offices fo r business o r dance studios. 822 95)5 

EAST BEXAR COUNTY 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , n ew tim e ly h om e on b e a u titu l 2 a c re tra c t, c re e k fro n ta g e , ro a d fro n ta g e , w a te r line. and se ptic system 

Land Locators of Texas 
S A 667-1154, 667 1333 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy yo ur la nd fro m the n a tive s 
P IP E C R E E K , TX 695 848o 
F o rm and R a nch L is tin g s W anted 
5o A cre s o r la rg e r w ith in 65 m ile s ot San A nto nio W rite fu ll d eta ils and p rice s 
E D G O Z A , R E A L T O R 
618 M cC ullou gh A ve , San A n to n ­ io, 
T e x , 
227 81o5, 
822 53oo. 
826 5618 
F lo re s v ille a re a 24 2 a cre s w ith 2 b e d ro o m h om e, 5 o ut b u ild in g s , trees, v e rv re a son ab le p ric e 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

G O O D H U N T I N G 
IOO A C R E S 
$129 5o p er o c re , o w n e r fin a n c e d fo r 2o ye ars a t 7x4% sim ple in te r­ est w ith 5% dow n p a y m e n t C all 
734 7964 

SE Loop 41o at E. S outhcross, 76 acres, u tilitie s , 333 2741, 333 4847 

236 
SALE 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

JUST LISTED 

What more could you ask for? 42 

 troller pods, l l rent houses, 3 

 wells, tennis court Everything is 

 all fayed out Buy id Run it! Profit from it! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

42o1 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd has o f­ fic e space a nd c o v e re d a n d u n ­ covered y a rd space fo r lease. 
341 7133 
F U L L Y E q u ip p e d , a ir c o n d i- honed, lounge fo r Lease 223-7649 

I BEDROOM 

APTS 

NoRTHSIDE 

• FURNISHED 

• A U B I U S KAMI 

8 2 6 - 8 4 9 1 

7 3 2 - 2 1 9 6 

H IG H T R A F F IC LO C A T IO N • re ­ ta il re s ta u ra n t, b a k e ry , etc., 36oo sq ti 
Reasonable re n t. 696-o3o1. 
434-6321 

For The Truth; 
C om pare 

Large I Bedroom , 
From $ 1 9 o . 
All Bills Paid 

Ten floor plans to choose from for exquisite adult living. All bills paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar-B-que grills, lcemakers, fireplaces and beamed ceilings 

1o362 SANADA DU 
(North of lo o p 41o oft San Pedro) 
349-2617 

O ffice Hours 
Mon-Sat 9 6 
Sun; 1-6 or by a pp ointm e n t 

H O T T E S T U S E D C A R L O T in 
Tow n! $3oo p er m o P ro ve n fo r 2o v e o r s -H u rr y ! 35o2 C u le b ra Rd 
735-o961, N ile s 696 7777. 
L e a s e ; L a rg e w a re h o u s e , p ra c ­ tic a lly new. in Leon S pring s on SP 
T ra cks, fo r info. 924-3917 
LOOP 41o AT B A N D E R A RO AD 
W A R E H O U S E S O F F IC E S S TO R E! 
3743 C O LO N Y D R IV E R E T A IL 
O W NER o14 2326 DI2-7134 
M ost C e ntral, best access 
M o d e rn o ffic e , s h o w ro o m , w a r ­ ehouse, 16oo to 35oo sa ti. R e a ­ sonable 226-6631, 822 7676 
Need e x tra w a rehouse space fo r s to rin g ra re ly needed a rtic le s ? 
We have 26oo sa ft th a t fits the b ill 349 1426 

2o ACRES 
E ast B e xa r C ounty, sa nd y tom e, sudan g ra ss, ro a d fro n ta g e w a te r lin e , low taxe s 2o% down. I ' i s 2o ye ars 

Land Locators of Texas 
$ A 667 1156, 667 1333 

GUADALUPE COUNTY 
IO a c re s , ru r a l w a te r lin e , good 
; soil Cosh or T exas Vet 

Land Locators of Texas 
S A 667 1156, 667 1333 

H I L L C O U N T R Y 
3o A C R E S 
'M a n y d e e r, tu r k e y , $75o d o w n p a y m e n t $115.76 p er m o O w ner 
1 fin a n ce d C all 734 9363 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V IL L E 
I 4 -b ed ro om , 7-b ath , lodge T e n n is jc o u r t . O n 75 a c r e s o r m o re 
I $1oo ,ooo I 846-3471 

Office — 
Yard 
Airport Area 
2 Blocks from lo o p 4 1 o 

 for kent — 75o sq ft office space 
— central ow ond heot. 15,ooo sq ft of yord upper J' cyeline fence 
Zoned I industrial Suitable for contractor. wholesale, light manufacturing 
$ 2 5 o M onth 
822-9368 

H W RETAIL CENTER 
N .E .S A. - 73,ooo c a rs per day 
M E D IU M 
TO 
H IG H 
IN C O M E 
A R E A 
Fin ish ed space 
45 P E R SO FT 
-FOR IN F O R M A T IO N 
222 2282 
__________ R O U TH & CO 

E 
S 
S 
* 

 leasing bally 9 *, Warily 14 
1 Bedroom $145 
2 Bedroom $21A 
FURN. -UNFURN. 
AH Utilities Pend lofge playgrounds las* cf boll 
Goal, 
SHurtlf txMfd. lighted tennis (ouit. 3 large swim ming pools 
New Brooks A F 8 
State Hospital, Pecan Volley Golf 
Course 
Truly th e b e s t re n tal v a lu e in tow n. 
2715 lassos 
333-5339 

3oo ACRES 
F r o n ts h ig h w a y a n d M e d in a 
L a k e , n o t ro u g h , w ith tre e s a ll o ver O w ner fin an ced 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
495 848o_________________ I 53$ 4596 

IOO a c r e s g r e a t H u n t in g 
$129 so p e r a c r e 
S S d o w n p a y m e n t w ith 2o y e a r te rm s a t 
7% % sim p le in te re s t O w n e r tin a n te d C oll 736-7964 
W 

1o% down, o w ner c a rry 
B e a u tifu l trees, le ve l 
I V O II’ 
W atson 6. Son 
428 1262 

S O U T H 
2% o c r e s , u t i lit ie s 
$5.ooo up T e rm s, 426 1546_______ 
Take up p a y m e n ts on ’ « o c re NW 
I fo r h om e b u ild in g 
W a le r, c ity u tilitie s M i 
F e lle r. 4/9 7279 

I lo 3 W ooded Ac good suit N of i S A Ju st outside B e x a r Co 
: 737 66o7 H 
C ostle R e a lty 497 9436 
TWO ACRC S OF R IV F P -------- 
N o r th on G u a d a lu p e 
S c e n ic woods and top so il 
H igh above o 
I c le a r cle an g ra v e l b o tto m riv e r 
$12,9oo 
O w n e r w ill f in a n c e 
I R o b e r t S m ith , 498 -2 o4 1 , it no i answ er, 494 6/77 

W H IM P E R IN G H IL IS 

 a c re s , h ig h w a y f r o n t a g e , house, w e ll, c o a s ta l, pens, ta n k , n e a r 
N ixo n 
M C 
R itc h ie 
R E A L | 582 USO 

S A C R E S H I L L C O U N T R Y 
G o o d h u n tin g . 
$2$o d o w n 
I p aye m n t, $38 79 p er m o 
We w ill i fin an ce C all 736 9363 

24 ACRES 
Is fenced, has w ell, m o b ile hom e on g o o d ro a d , a n d is id e a lly cle a re d of u n d e rb ru s h 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
695 848o 
I 545 4596 

H IL L S OF U T O P IA 
78o A C R E S d e e r h u n tin g p a r ­ adise- ru n n in g w a te r and d irt tank 
ISO A C R E S la rg e C y p re s s tre e s and deep w a ter 
C L IN T O N R IE B E R , B R O K E R 
654 A C R E S p e rm a n e n t ru n n in g w a te r e x c e lle n t h u n tin g , b e a u tifu l b ric k hom e 
C L IN T O N 
R IE B E R O W N E R B R O K E R 
512-966-3541 

LOOK AT THIS ONE! 
A b e a u tifu l la rg e tan k, fu ll of fish , w ith 28 It m o b ile h o m e , b o rn , co ro l, tool shed, e le c tric ity , ru ra l w a te r, good m in e ra ls , good to e x ­ ce lle n t fen cin g, situ a te d on 6o tre e co v e re d a c re s a p p ro x im a te ly IO m ile s SW of Seguin 

Land Locators of Texas 
S A 467 1154, 667 1 333 

 m a s 6 n A R E A 

 sal* 

WANT TO BUY A 
CAVE? 

Yes, we hove on* far 
Beautiful formations 
5o ocr*s 

 plus ITO ocres available Ibis is 

 on investor s DREAM! Area tourist attraction 
BOB MCGINNIS ( 
REALTORS 
3 49 -6 2 1 1 

NW P rim e S hopping C enters 
W est H ild e b ra n d 
V ance Ja ckson 
Basse R oad 
R easonably P ric e d ! 
735 o961 or 696 7777 

O F F IC E W A R E H O U S E , N o rth side, N ear a irp o rt. 1o8o ond 1357 sa 
It 
Jim 
V ia 
R E A L T O R S 
349 4276 
O F F IC F W A R E H O U S E space tor lease, c o m p e titiv e re n ta ls , a irp o rt are a. C all 341-2243 

Office Warehouse 

And Yard Space 
A v e rta b le 
A il o r p a r t w ith o r w ith o u t S e c re ta ry . 655-45o5 

S O u m ip v * v i l l a 
CFW A M IT T M f N TS 
* 

• Mticd D'titfc flub t a nility 
• Gym und fie f L ifto ff 
Classes 
• Beauty Shop 
• Sauna Whirlpool 
• Tennn Courts 3 pools 
• frost free fait tge rotors 
• *o Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 I. Southcross 

337-5242 

For The Truth; 
Compare 

I Bedroom Junior 
$ 1 5 9 . o o 
AU Bills Paid 

Choose from 9 different floor plans . . . with extras to go along. Fireplaces, vaulted ceilings, pool, volleyball, clerestory windows, suspended balconies . .. and more usable space than you ever imagined possible. 
High Ridged 

Hillside Apartments 
5211 Fredericksburg Rd. 
341-8221 

ADULTS ONLY 
226 3547 
______________ j E ffic ie n c y . I b d rm S65-S8S.______ 

O ffice w qrehouse-shop, m ile Loop 
A la m o H e ig h ts o u ts id e s tu d io et 

147 ACRES 

B U L V E R D E E S T A T E S P a v e d ro a d. re s tric tio n *, tre es, view 

C o li 
494-522/ 
E v e n in g s 494 3789 I 
A r m s t r o n g C o 

J5 
A c re s n e a r 
S e g u in w ith 
3 b e d ro o m 
7 b a th b ric k h om e 
F ire p la c e , b a rn ond w e ll 4S6 2678 | 
5 a cre s, ’281 N, $588o. sm a ll dow n ' tong te rm fin a n c in g by o w ne r 
' 
536-8876 
9 A C R E S , w ith access to c re e k , n o th in g d o w n , $7o 3o m o 
J im 
A shley R e a lty 226 7774_________ _ 

3 AND 4 BEDROOM 

HOMES ON ACREAGE 
S e v e ra l n ew h o m e s en I '» to 2 a c re tro c ts now bein g co n s tru c te d i i i 
T R A IL W O O O 
A d d it io n a l a c re a g e or lo ts to b u ild on o lio a v a ila b le 
1$ m ile s N o rth w e s t a t 
W onderland out IH Mi 
DON SMITH CO. 
698 2361 
B R O K E R 
698 246o 
A p p ro x im a te ly J a c re s B e a u titu l lo c a tio n tor d e v e to p e m e n l 
F in e hom es in m a tu re su bu rb an a re a 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

A WHOLE MOUNTAIN" 
A s p e c ta c u la r v ie w , o b s tru c te d o nly by la rg e oohs G a rd e n so il, fen ce d, good w e ll. o v e r 7 o c re s 
O wner w ill fin an ce R o b e rt S m ith. 
698 2o93 o r 694-6777 
B A N D E R A A R E A 
C h o ic e 3 8 o c re lot rn B a n d era R iv e r R anch d e v e lo p m e n t A lt u tilitie s , re a d y to r b u ild in g r iv e r fro n ta g e a c ­ c e s s 
P o o l a n d te n n is 
O w n e r 
G e rry P o rk e r 738 19o9 686-o186 
IO b e a u titu l a c re s , o ak c o v e re d h illto p , only 24 m ites n o rth of 16o4 en H w y 281. T e rm s tro d e con sid e re d Joe C ullm an 
BOB JO NES, R E A LT O R 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
Oak tre e studded a c re , IO m ite s 'C u s to m b u ilt t-3 A c r e s 
O a k 

C e n tu ry 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A LT O R S 

H IL L 
C O U N T R Y B O E R N E 
A R E A 
B ad w e a th e r has ta k e n i t ’s to ll m u s t s e ll 2 h o u s e s o r fa c e th e b a n k e r 
P ric e d fro m $49 SOO up 
These hom es o b s o le te ly c a n ’t be d u p lic a te d for these p ric e s L u x u rv ty p e w ith w ood sh ake ro o f, ro ck and re d w oo d e x te rio r, f ir e ­ p la c e s a n d w e t b a rs 
C o n s id e r boats, aulos, tra v e l tra ile rs or old m u le t o r d o w n p a y m e n t 
N o re a lis tic otte r w ill be re fuse d , lets ta lk ' C ull c o lle c t 269 2382. 269 2744 

HUNTING RANCH 

RY OWNER 
13o a c re s n e a r L e a k e y , T e x a s 
H e a vily wooded L ive o a k and Pm on Pine P le n ty of D eer o nd T u r key $3oo dow n. O w ner fin a n c e d - 
I e a s y te rm s 
P h o n e $12-257 5349 a tte r 6 pm 

IH IO Close 14o4 
3 413 A W rile o w n e r 
P O 
Box 742, F u lto n , Tx 
78358 or c a ll ($12) 729 1)4$ r u'$T <?U*f ~BO~F R NE----------- 
W oaded IS A c re tra c t, co n ve n ie n t to IN IO w ith a ll u til c o a s ta l fie lds, stables and p ave d d riv e 
ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A LT O R S 
1o$ S aunders, B oerne, Tx 
249 )526, 
249 284o 
249 8266 
S A d ire c t line 124 9112 i a -< ia X 'W fi t K W 
T n e a r new 
L C R A toke la rg e and s m a ll tru e Is a l w ooded a c re a g e 
M o o re R e al 
E state t i l 249 317$. A N Y T IM E 

— 
LT r g n t u T n n w n r t o — 
I m il* n o rth tra m Loop N.W de s ir e d lo c a tio n , d e e p s o rt a n d wooded a re a 
W a le r, e le c tric ity ond phone P a y m e n ts et $62 79 at 
7% s im p le in te r e s t o tte r s m a ll dow n a n il Les F e lly . *79 7229 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 

MEDINA RIVER 
How w ould you lik e to own a b o u t a 
I m ile of M e d ina R iv e r F ro n ta g e ' 
M o st sell, ' H u nd re d s of huge pecan tre e s in a 
I 1.4 o c re lot. P ave d ro a d, T o n to * j g ro s s r iv e r b o tto m P LU S fie ld s a n d p o s tu re la n d . % m c p a v e d r o a d f r o n t a g e 
C o m p le te ly re m o de le d $ ro o m house O nly $ m c south of Loop 41o 
342 69oo 
344-8733 
P A T R IC K B D A V IS 
R E A LT O R 

 m n m r 

 tic vie w s $52oo, 434 1128 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS 

 toke facilities ond boat temps ntoi by tenor ante mews mony linac ook hoes $18oo per aer* and up SeN 3o% below market value Up ta 15 yews to pay at 
8% 
F o r o pp O H S tm w nt Coll 
4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 
1 - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

3 a cre s or b e a u tifu l M e d in a R iv e r 
F ro n t p ro p e rty o ver 33o ti w o te r 
Iro n l 
32 hom e 
P re tty 
Ooks 
154,9oo 
684 4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
2 b e d ro o m H o m e on 
F e b b l' 
B each 2 nice lots 
684 4211 or /S t 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y _______ 
By ow ner, C anyon L ake , b e a u tifu l ** 

IJ m ile s n o r th of 
S abinal 1% m ile s ot the b e a u tifu l 
S a b in a l R iv e r 
G o o d fe n c e s , h u n te r 's c o b in , 4 w e lls . I w ith s u b m e rg e n c e p u m a s E x c e lle n t deer and tu rk e y h u n tin g $35o per 
{P ere w ith good te rm s 
; 141 A C R E S , )2 m ile s n o r th OI 
S abinal Gaud h u n tin g a nd beau ttfu l vie w 
$45o per a c re 
Good 
(te rm s 
464 ACRES 
Hondo Good w a ll w ith w in d m ill 
V e ry goad tan k e x c e lle n t fences o n d c o r r a ls 
V e r y g o a d d e e r, d o v e q u a rt a n d t u r k e y h u n tin g E x c e lle n t g ra s s c o v e r t$ 2 A c re s c le a r e d o n d b ru s h stacke d 
$5oo p e r a c re , som e te rm s 
74 A C R E S , 9 m ile s N o rth e a s t of 
H o nd o S m o ll pon d. goo d fa r m la n d $75o p e r a c re , good te rm s 
84 A C R E S , 9 n u 
S o u th w e s t o f 
C a s t r o v ille 
G o o d fe n c e s o n d cro ss fences S m all m o b ile hom e, 
I ta n k s , som e c o a s ta l bet m o d o a nd k iln * g ra s s I t OOO e qu ity w ith down T e rm s neg otia b le 

32o AC R E S on p ave d h w y good h u n tin g , w a te r a n d g ra s s 
B y 
O w n er 34 2 2 947 ofte r to m ________ 

MEDINA COUNTY 
44$ a c re s south of B a n d e ra , E d s w a rd ’s w e ll, o ld G e rm a n fra m e 
| house, good g ra tin g and h un ting , 
I fin a n c in g a v a ila b le 

Land Locators of Texas 
S A 647 ll$ 4 . 667 133) n e a r p i E * c r £ lr k----------- i l ' t a c re h o m e s ite 
B e a u titu l vie w ond trees, p riv a c y 
$15,ooo 
O w ner fin a n c e d 
J im 
T a y lo r i M A d lH 
N e w B r a u n f e ls H il l C o u n tr y 
P ro p e rty . Si heel & Assoc R e alty 
647 
S 
Seguin. 
N 
B ra u n fe ls 
62$ oo78 

M A a c re s in d u s tria l site 
WW W hite Rd nea r Loop 41o 
$33-1oo9 R espondek R lty 416 $647 
2$ A C R E S , 3 m ile s o u t of c ity 
I lim it s on 
IH 
37 S, r a ilr o a d fro n ta g e 
W ill s e ll a lt o r p a r t, i 
Easy te rm s 924-6666, 623-1932 
1 I 3 'i A C R E S . IS I S outh o u ts id e 
I C ity lim it s G o o d w in , 826-371$, 
L e n n o rd R e alty, 736-6756________ 
I 34 a cre s to n e d business. 188 It j fro n ta g e o d ta c e n t ra ilro a d , n ea r 
I a c tiv e shop ce nte r, in d u s tria l 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
A PP R O X 
2 A C R E S 
3 m i out OI 
C ity lim its on IH37 So $4oo down. no r e s t r ic t io n s , e a s y te r m s 
924-6644, 423 1932 

RANDERA RD. 
F ro n ta g e 
Z o n e d b u s in e s s a n d 
A pt 
/#• a cre s inside 41o 
M ake ofte r 
341 44$$ 
R E A L T O R S 
433 1859 
BAWEKY AGENCY 

B e a u tifu l c o rn e r lot. P e rrin B edel and G reystone, ton e d B 2. $22,ooo 
344 311) 

825o,ooo NOTE and CASH 
Tro d e to r R eal E state 
LUCY STAGGS 822 1383 
N O R TH TO W N R E A L T Y 
O W N E R -5 o o A cre s, C a s tro v ille a re a . 5 lu n k * 
7o a c re s fie ld . 4o im p ro v e d g ra s s , 2 n ic e h o m e s m ile s S outhw est of . E d w a rd s w ell I 426 3578_________ 

S35o.oQ PLRACRE 
32.41 a c re tr a c t 
L e a k e y A re a 
H e a v ily w o o d e d 
G o o d , h u n tin g 125o d o w n - 
$77 221 m o n th ly E m o ry Jones 714-6627 
$3 OO P ER A C R E Good ro n c h lo n d in B ra n t T ra c ts 25o,ooo to 85o.ooo 
A cre s 
B ounded by la rg e riv e ts 
G o v e rn m e n t fin an ce a v a ila b le for liv e s to c k a n d im p r o v e m e n ts 
M O R R IS W IT T R E A L T Y , R f J, 
B o x 54. C e n te r P o in t. T e x a s 
341 7*73 ar 1- 4)4-26/2 

BROADWAY FRONTAGE 
S e rv ic e g o rp g e . 42x17, p o rta b le b u ild in g 27x1$, tg n c e d . 15ox1oo, open te rm s C oll A nnette 
Van Buren I Assoc 
686 7171 
364 1o89 
344 7122 
C A L L A G H A N R O A D a n d O ld 
H w y 9o. 27$ X 314 (2 a c re s ) being used as t r a ile r p a r k . SI 13 p e r s a lt E x c e lle n t c o m m e rc ia l lo c a ­ tion 434 2)41 
HEO CARPET 

Commercial Opportunity 
A pp ro x 
2 peres w ith 6ooo sa ft b u ild in g , f u r n i t u r e in c lu d e d , fro n tin g on Loop 41o at IH I* Coll tor d eta ils 
824-1477 
828 322$ 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 

 n o r th o l to w n 
M as w a te r a n d 
• ie cTric ily en w ide p a ve d ro a ds 
O w n e r m u s t s e tt q u ic k ly , little d o w n w ill fin a n c e b a la n c e 
497 3751, eves- 822 9)55 

4 Bedroom in Ironwood 
243o2 Fax B ria r I L o t 1*6) 
New hem e un 2 a cre s ut a beau b lo tty -o w a v o tra c t, la rg e 28x12 
K im il* ro e rn b e a m e d c a th e d ra . c e ilin g , w oad b u rn in g fire p la c e 
2 I oaths d in in g ut* U rg e kitch en . 
U M M lo b u le ) Wolfe in p a n tr, Hi! tv ca rp ete d, i s k y lig h ts 2 system m r -neat Open deny tm in spe ctio n in TR A IL WOOD i t m i N o rth w e s t 
I apt IM I* 
DON SMITH CO 
A f* I M I 
B R O M E N 
698 346o 

 t r e e s , h i l l c o u n t r y . N o r t h - 
N o r t h w e s t 
H o m e s r e a d y to m o v e in t o 
F in a n c e d 
W e c u s t o m b u i l d . H a v e 
1 1 1 o c r e t r a c t s a v a il a b le 
W e c o n s id e r t r a d e s . 
S a w y e r 
C o n s t C o . 
733 o4o9_____________494 3743 

L E O N S PR IN G S A R E A 

A c re a g e h o m e s tlg s , tre e s , view , IS m in u te s n o rth en im 
IO 
New hom es u nd er c o n s tru c tio n 
G U A D A L U P E R IV E R 
A c re a g e h om e s itu s 
4$ m in ­ utes n o rth 349 26o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 

BQLRNf ARFA 
TH IS 3 B E D R O O M , l r born 
SS to ta le d rn a q u ie t neighbor hood w ith lots et or t» u t * Just 3 y rs old and re a dy Se m o ve rote $79,EM 

-LEA- 
R E A L (S T A T E B R O M E R 
Buy 6* Sell to r you C oll 
22* 431/ 
243 S IM 
244 9424 

L IM E N B W C O N D IT IO N to a d s o l e s trg s - I t B r ic e w ith on I 
J A Dust 
R ent E sla te 

A DO L L M O U SE 
B ric k 8-3 w ith h i a p to te s e p a ra te d ra m a m o m , o h ' kfeMdod en M ug* c o ra m in t 

AM U M RF Al TY 
T 
H r 
,. 

 r T w W 
U T U 
$16 tm CASH *9$ 3624 y .e s 

• IYTU • 
N it * I Modi agen horn* ga p o s e d 
S treet u n it schools g ir te d re g 
S»ngBl8 
C o r I I I I toe* 
O ra n P 
( utom bus 

 m u h a h v 

 vie w lot. 44$oo 496 7327 
| 
C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B IL E LOT 
1o.ooo sa ft fa n ta s tic vie w Pool b o a t ra m p n e a r by 
$14oo SIOO daw n, 71 m o at $21 43 A P R I S 
M E L M IL L E R 
236 3334 
C anyon L ake L a k e v ie w Hume iii 
V illa g e S h o rts $65,ooo 
W eekend hom e $22,5oo 
L a k e h o m * R ealty 
I 944 119o 
CANYON C IK *-IV 6WNER ' 
$ a cre s on p ave d ro a d o v e rlo o k m g toke near boat la un ch L ots e l tre es, w a te r and e le c tric ity , w ill d iv id e and fin an ce 
494 2737. 
1341-8883 
__________ __ 
P i f la rk S p rin g s M e m b e rs h ip , 
I m in d in g lot 735 6955____________ 

 i P l C la re S p rin ts , io t o n d m e m ber ship below caste C u ll 661 7822 

 h 6 P $ E $ h 6 P B o y L a k e L U , 
Townhouses, 
$12 SOE $444 ar 
5*8 2541 

 r w r r i j . i v a w n t h 
I A c re la k e v ie w h o m e s ite * , 
H ig h la n d H e m e s Sub D iv is io n , w ith p ark. ra m p and p ie r A s k in g 
*2,154 SU 344 7587 

L IV E 
IN 
S E C U R IT Y en 
B e a u tifu l L a k e G ra n b u ry in dec ar do va t stales, o n ly Mur ty m in u te s fro m E t 
W o rth , 
A m e nitie s in clu de 14 note g o lf team s m o lin e m a n ne d gate ond p a tro l 24 h rs Th is th ie e b e d ro o m . I b a th h om e w ith huge fire p la c e in h y in g a re a to r only $54 OOO or w ilt tra d e lo t hom e en N side e t San Aa 
•ante WHI Co B r eke 

D E E CCE B E E R E A L (S T A T E 
4* 2 AIR WA I OR 
G R A N B U R Y TX 74*44 

W ANT CO ASTAL P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n s a s P ass a r P e r i A ra n s a s 
D O U G LAS A N O R N SON 
88) G m WAR 
721 1)67 

M I llf U N l HUME 
C A N TO N L A K E H IL L i 
3884 SO PT 3 STO O T 
O W P l t x W IT H I N A R C O S t w o 
WA TRH F R O N T 
L O U L A 
I to e * le d) t 
D E L K S 
P LU S 
ENC CO SED 
POO CH 
R E D U C E D 12448) RY O W N E R 
I CONI 
L IE N O K I 
F L E X IB L E t e r m s (IR C O N O 

NUW $2* 8B4 4443327 

C L A U O E SCHUE H L F R E A L T Y 
I 
I I H U T H S T R E A T 
HO NDO 
TX 
78481 
$12-436- 3412 
$12 43* 251o 
M E M B E R T F R A 
177 ocre s n e a r b a v in * 
D aw n 
644 4211 or 751 9443 
P IO N E E R R R A L T Y 

2oo ACRES 
N ear San A ntonio irrig a tio n welt. 
■arg* re s e rv o ir, b e a u titu l h o m e ­ site 
J E R R Y BAC O N R E A L T O R 
422 3123 422 371$. 422 3295 
’ ) $ a C r f s n e iiii i 4 ? 6 n e w a l i 
| J - e lls 2 lu n k s oaks good g ra ss ond fences O w ner fin an ce Good w in 
824 271$, 
L e o n a rd 
R e a lty. 
178o8384 

13 ACRES 
N E B e x a r C o u n ty w a tg r lin e . ro llin g te rra in , b u ild in g sig ht w ith v ie w fa r m ites O w ner fin a n c e d land Locators of Texas 
$ A 667 1154, 667 13)2 
5 acres, H i I i I s l* * sm a ll daw n 
•o n* fa rm fin a n c in g by o w ne r, 
534-4*74 
A l i u M F P A V U P N V i--------- 
4* ACRES 
R anch n ea r I t jo h n s A n c o n a 
Pay buck p aym en ts *12* was 
I U 888— B otonee due $14, joe 
COM Tem co lle ct (6*2) *47 M i l 
---------------------E H T B i e i ------------------- 
B i* o a k * and ric h h e ld la n d en th is 4 1 a c re , b o r d e rin g p r e tty cre e k $8 4M tota l w ith to s s fa rm s up ta 28 yrs 
P IP E C R E E K R E A L T Y 49$ 2242 
T w e n r t o O 
K r v a k t t n 
Upper Sabina) Canyon W aler 
J K L E IG H T O N , R E A L TORS v a n d a l pun* tx 
$12 946 24*9 

I T 
W us a bout ear cfase in 
I ru ra l p ro p e rtie s 2 *8 * A c re s f a l l A Assoc M eatfars 424 224$ 
I U W A H I' F U L TV *" " 
G oad »«lei lie n F a rm s Rancfsas 
I 179 se*) I |79 $71* 
Seguin, Tx 
— 
? w r r v a m b i i v i p ----------- 
M u n c h e s la r g e g a d s m a ll 
S p e c ia t in g * ta th e 
P ig * 
'( l e e k g u n ite * a 
M e d in a a r e * 
J im fe s ta l 8)4 e**e 

 g ¥ W r - A T i r ^ a1»1ulfc ric l an 3 $ axras 3 badvtam I gam 
) (R uble < at govt 
11x27 Bytes* g ro g w ith Baa P ro n o u n a i enlace to ra * 
• a rk s * * * . Mad n eb paved read 
P i tee «edge ta 
* 
H U G H E S A B R I4C O B 
*84 4431 B R A L TORS 
I e e l »»*7 

— R A N C H L A N D S — 
L a n d F a r A ll P urposes lo 
J F lm ls lp n e 
7821) 
244 9934 

RIMCQ REALTY 
684 864o R a n ch # * 493 2796 

N IV A R FR O N T I ACRRS 

R eau h fu i c ry s ta l c le a r w a te r 
$965 d ow n p a y m e n t, $124 $2 per m e O w ner fin a n ce d C all 
724-*$#* 

ROLLING OAKS 
11$ a cre s o l p a rk like h ills C obin, fenced ond crossed fenced, w ell s p rin g te d ta n k . I * m in N o rth 
O w ner w ill set) att ar p a rt or tro de 
J E R R Y W A G N O N A ASSOC 
824 324)__________ 344 7719 N ig h ts 

SOUTH TEXAS 
W ebb Co 13.44o acres. J,SO* a cre s 
M a v e ric k Ce 
2 OOO a c re s 
I,D M acre s 
M c M u lle n Ce 
I,OM a cre s. LOM acre s 
T ro p hy D eer C o un try 
E n c lie n t g ra ss and w a te r 
713-442 327$ P rin c ip a ls only 

S U T H E R L A N D S P R IN G S . 11$ 
A rra s at C o asta l w ith la rg e oak 
• r r n s le e k ta n k 
C o u n ty ro a d w ith a c c e s s Ie p a v e m e n t en tra n c e 
NO A G E N T S P L E A S E . 
I 947 IIM AIT Or rn 

TARPLEY MEDINA CO 
IM A c n e s 
I b e d ro o m 
I b a th c e n tra l b eat e nd a ir hem e H ig h en a bdl dee* lu r k e r 
2 I m ile s fro m T a r t le t 
O wner c a rry 434 $671 

J d t _ 9 M *f 7 N tH s B h f t o y lt y 
TAX F R E E E X C H A N G E S 
R anches F a rm s . L an d any w k ere 
. o 8 T A U L T A ASSOC 
369 367T 

TEXAS YOS 
We shit bove a taw V a l b b c H WR 
M y *a bg«e re c e iv e d veer pack 
MF*. Riva es a eau 

I I M I n c ilt n M I B I ] 
I * M i I IM . 8 8 M ii» 

C (m im e rc io I B u ild in g B a rg o m 
32oo sa 
IT. c o rn e r lo t, $6oo S 
F lo re s 
O w ner w ill handle 
922-4S17 

C orner Io2x1$7 tt c o m m e rc ia l lot 
L a rg e fra m e hou se, p iu s s m a ll ! re s ta u ra n t. 
P le nty p a rk in g 
732-9668. 
I 

DOW N TO W N IH 35 
C o rn er et access, good exposure, easy a c c e s s ib ility , shop or a ttice 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 838 IS H 

EXCELLENT BUSINESS 

LOCATION 
1483 W H ild e b ra n d , tost o ft IN I * I 
Q uick possession T e rm s fle x ib le 
Lillian Waolsev 735-6876 

FOR SALE 
M o d ern o ffice b uild mg, C o urt House Sguare, C a rn ie 
S p r in g s . 
T e x a s , b y e w n e r 
I $11 99* 3534, S tockdale T e x o t 
I 
F O R S A L E OR R E N T 
L a r g e c o m m e r c ia l b u ild in g 
1414 
G U A D A L U P E 
ST 
P le n ty o f 
RgrBtog. 222-2424 
! 

HO M E O F F IC E 
B e a u tifu l b r ic k h e m e in g re a t lo ca tio n , p e rfe c t fa r n o m e a tt n # o pe ra tion 2-2-2 oHice, pH paneled 

S I H f f l - f f l i . 
IC E H O U S E 
P er sofa ar laaea 
Now vocanl, sa you con stack as you choose G re a t N S lo catio n 
RO HDE 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
696-1211 
____________ 
N E A R SAC 
3 units, c o lo n ia l w ro te co lu m n s 
S um m ar p o rc h # * E asy ra n t 
M AC R I A L (S T A T E >38-3221 
N E W 
A R T S 
A N D 
C R A F T S 
SHOP 
G ro w in g w ith the n eig h aer hood L o c a te d 798 R e w a rd rn 
H e w B r a u n f e ls - T x 
C o n ta c t. 
Jo yce F re e m a n 112-o16 M i l 6r 
FSA l l SI 
Or 
A o rb o ro 
West pl t i 3-823-2883 
O F F IC E ( U I L D IN O on San Po d r# 
$1484 rn# r o n to l in c o m e 
O wner h aw se * le o n a rd B auds, 
I ( M 
I E 
P A IN T A H O R O O T SHOP 
A rant bay aa I a c re w ith sp ra y p a in t b eath th re e Stotts storage. 
OHHe and se parate lO fid a n ce 
In i fd O H M t AER a re a JO JA R A S 
R R A L T Y 6*8 $166 6*6 l i f t i# p » *S 6 s s # d 18x16 P # r I a b ly Of 
Mc* 
F ra u 
OdRy e ry , 
Term s 

41o A IH 35 $3oo m o. 644 38oo 
R E t A I L- o R P R O F E S S IO N A L 
S e rv ic e s , 18oo sq ft b u ild in g 
2 -s to ry c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, n e w ly re m o d e le d , e n trie s fro m B ro o d w a y a nd A ve B 
L a rg e p a rk in g a re a * 3o p e r sa. ft. O the r B ro ad w ay o ffice space a v a il 
828-4885, 
824 1644____________________________ j 

S m all b ld g c e n tra lly located, id e a h f o r o ff ic e , s m a ll ite m o u t le t , c le a n e rs , fo o d to g o, e tc 
125 
F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd, 737 37o3 

SPACE FO R L E A S E 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
ON B A N D E R A RD 
674-2181 or 695 3447 

4125 Sa 
F t , I s to ry b ric k b ld g c o n t, a ir - h e a t 
A m p le p a r k in g 
E x c e lle n t te r m s 8524 N 
N e w 
B ra u n fe ls 826-34oo p i 816 o853. 
4,oo4 Sq 
F t. W a re h o u s e . D o c k high loading, 14o F re d e ric k s b u rg . at C u le bra 344 o34* or 34? OOM 

WAREHOUSE SPACF ' 
8.oM sq tt new rn. s o u r* t , „ i ') tor sale, n e a r e x p ie s s w o y . easy te rm s tor stro n g b u y e r 
9,OM sa ft . M a s o n ry b u ild in g , to r lease, m onth to m o n th or long te rm 
PEA C O C K R E A L T O R S 824 o511 

WAREHOUSES 
A L L S IZES. A L L A R E A S 
LOW re n ta ls Jock feller 342 4151 
4o1 W 
C y p re s s , s u ita b le ra d io . 
TV . b a tte rie s , etc 
$15o m o 
I 
F U L L Y ^ q u ip p e d , a ir c o n d ! h o n o d ^ J ro m g ^ o r J je o s i^ T jL T e ^ 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

INO US + R IA I LOTS 
A ir e and up, Z oned l l ; fu lly d e v e lo p e d 
V I P P o rk E osy te rm s 433 1489 

248 OFFICE SPACE EDR LEASE 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F IC E SPACE 
In g ro w in g N W sector Roasono 
Ole ra tes 
G re a te r S A. 
B a ilo rs 
I Assoc 
8925 N W IH IO 49o 38oo_________ 

Executive attice Space 
F U R N a n d U N F U R N 
B y d a y , w e a k o r m o n th . W a p r o v id e a re c e p tio n is t, a n s w e rin g s o rv ic o and s e c re ta ria t s e rv ic e 
E X E C U T IV E O F F IC E S YS TE M S 
134-IBM St* 2o4 I I M N E LOOP RIC 
San A ntonio, Toxos 71217 
N fc A ft A if e M f c f 
If c G A b w A V 
A R E A A N D LO O P 41o F o r lease, s m a ll o ttic o , p a n e le d , u til ad 
A n s w e rin g s e rv ic e a v a il a l a dd r lie n a l cost 
F o r fu rth e r in to c a ll 
341-7294 or 122 M IO avos 
6 M t * l t H t r W k n A b L t 
Two one m a n suites a v a ila b le im ­ m e d ia te ly rn tho b e a u titu l Rohde 
B u ild in g O v e rlo o k s T u rtle Crook 
C o it C o u rse , n e a r M o d C e n te r 

 befancy apt, a ttra c tiv e s u rro u n d mas, u tilitie s p aid . a ir, young bu- siness w om an, $9o 822 1813______ 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
SI 45. 
R IT T IM A N RD A T IH35 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 
________ 656-1oo1_________ 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
SI 45. 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S RD 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R ZB A C H 
_______ 684-3311_________ 

A s to ria 

GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Just off Broadway and loop 41o, Close to 
Crown Tower Bldg.) 
> URGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTS. $2oo. 
> REASONABLE MOVING ALLOWANCE 
> Home like atmosphere • Party house 
* Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 
Also 2 bedroom ap+s. 
8 5 3 5 GREENBRIER 
8 2 8 -4 2 o o 

U r b 

I 
I 

 l l 

4o1 APARTMENTS LUHN 

M O T E L E ffic ie n c y A p a rtm e n ts a n d R o o m s 
B y D a y . W eek o r 
M o n th 
o 12 911 2, 
P E 4 -6 7 4 7 , 
I E 2-o1 52. c a ; 47o2, N e a r F t 
I Som. TAI-1377. 

Near BpacKenrtdae Park u rm sh ed e ffic ie n c y apt. b ills od 

 k l S A H A R A 334-6191 i f 
) U N F U R N IS H E D 
S u n s h in e 
342 E S U N S H IN E '36 4422_______ 
A ustin H w y and IH V, N o rth a re a, 
56S-S8S, I a nd 2 b e d ro o m s tu rn o n d u n fu rn 
V e ry c le a n , a u te ! p r iv a te , u tilit ie s p a r t p a id , no ch ild re n , no pets 826-4o51 
^ u T T rN Hw V - E F F IC .E N C ie * . b ills od $35 $37wk 824 19o8 
2uT a v e m a r i a --------------- i I b ed ro om ro c k d u p le x , g a ra g e a d u lt, no pet$, $125. b ills p a id 
R e feren ce* 
824-6166 
J B E D R O O M A P T $11o m o $5o deposit I U School SI 
2 bedroom opt, b ills pd 826-2S94 
$95 A dults IS71 C o n to u r_________ 
J bedroom , i lose bus. Je ffe rs o n . m o p pin g , m e t (lo o n 734 5833 

I B e d ro o m C o tta g e . IT <o m o w a te r p d 
73o 
E 
G r a y s o n , 
224-9o51, 433-o5 I t 
, T h e dr nom m uuu-t r p iex w ith a ir o nd c a rp e t, $1oo m o w a te r od. nea r SAC a re a 733 894o 
I B ed ro om w a ll to w all 
SHO. 
8)4 
E c a rp e t. 
Q uincy, u pstirs, 
932-7181 
R ills pd 1 b ed ro om $135 D e tlc re s t 
C lr 648 3399 or 696 o444 
B ilt$ p d . 161 N 
Si 
M a r v s i room #, re d e c o ra te d n ea r S oars, 
$35 w eek, 
$14o m o 
224 o429; 
733 129o g 'A iT lfc U l U i A h fe A --------- 
5211 B lanco, tow nh ou se a pts, 12 b edroom , 2 baths, fu rn -u n tu rn A ll brtls Od 341-4111 
CO ?Y 4 R oom A p a rtm e n t id e a l tor couple 435-1o*1 
'•6<5 w n t 6 w n P o s t 6 f f i C e . 
2 b lk * A ir, 3 room s, c a rp e t, cle an ' new decor agio) M a tu re la dy pre ta rre d 126 M cC u llo u g h 826 7786 i i i I F a rso n, $45 B ills od Dee pay tote r 227 45o4 
T T F 

I F u rm sh e d 
1735-476* 
N E A R F t 
S am a nd d o w n to w n . ! la rg e I b e d ro o m tu r n a p t, $14o I w o te r paid 
724 
E 
G ra yso n 
1228-o418 

N E A R FT SAM 
N ice e ffic ie n c y a p t c a rp e t, a ir, 
■wold gas Rd $95 826 Ole*_______ ; 
N E A R FT SAM 
N ice I b e d ro o m a p l 
W a te r pd j 
Couple w ith ch ild . $125 824-8369 

NEAR SAC 
E tfic , and I B d rm * tu rn HOO 
H IO P o p la r St A pts 223-4695 
: Nice clean g a ra g e apt, fu lly t u r n . 1 
: b ills p a id , n e a r je ffe rs o n a re a : 
P re fe r new lyw ed s or b a ch e lo r 
735-4o44. 
_____________ 

N ice c o tv I ro o m e ffic ie n c y apt , I fu lly fu rn , p a rk in g , b ills ad $17. \ wk A cross fro m H andy A ndy and 
Y M C A 2o7 L e xin g to n , 226 6*6o 

NO L E A IR R E Q U IR E D 
N ear FL Sum and d ow n tow n B i­ lic Apts 
B ills P aid, $89 p er mo, 
22747o2 1954 fc H ouston.________ 
N o rth C e n tra l L o c a tio n . E lm ir a and M cC u llo u g h ond IH3S N e ar b us, a d u lts o n ly 
No p e ts . F u r ­ n is h e d I b e d r o o m , u p s t a ir s . 
W o ter od 
SITS w ith dep 
6 M o 
Lease 226-53o1 a tte r 4 ond wee head*. 694-4714 
N o rth c e n tra l 3 ro o m a p l, w a le r paid 73o 3o34 
________________ 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A t t r a c t iv e 
I b e d r o o m , d is h w asher, shag pool B ills pd HOS and up $2$ Dep IO M in F t lo rn 
321o E IS E N H A U E R o ft H o r r y 
W u rtb a c h 422-919$______________ 
OLM OS P A R K , clean I bed ro om , c a rp e t and d ra p e s , c lo s * to bus and sh o p p in g 
A tte r $ a nd wee- i hoods >24-1114. 
I. 2 o r 3 B ed ro om a pts 176$ M oi b e rry , Cow 422 4514______________ 
P AN A M A P A R T M E N T S 
$4o2 B IE N V IL L E DR oft W e id no r ? rd M o d ern I B ed ro om , 6S) 26o3 

APARTMENTS EUBN 

Three can share a 3 b e d ro o m apt o l the B o a rd w a lk to r H IO each 
P o o l, c lu b ro o m a n d la u n d r y 
Close to 
C e n tra l 
P a rk and 
W onderland 
3536 West A venue 34942o3 
B a rry G illin g w a te r Co 
TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P ATIO S 
C LU B ROOMS 
G Y M ANO SAU NAS 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 12 B A TH S 
$175 to 127C B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K TO W N E A PTS 
43x4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A RO AO 
B etw een H illc rest und C o iioah on 
1515 W C o nto ur, (n e o r 57oo San 
P ed ro ), 2 b e d ro o m fu rn o pt $16o w a te r pd >26 7913______________ 
2o2 W 
C o u r tla n d , c le a n I be d io o m . w a to r pd nea r bus, $13$ roo D ep re q u ir e d . C o ll fo r do p oin tm e n! 732 2648 or 223 6o64 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or over pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS 
Bloch of E l Som N o rth G oto 
_________826-9159 124-1594________ 
347 W W ARE 
Off S F lo re s and S E M ilita ry O r. 
I B edroom , a ir, c a rp e t, w a te r pd 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNEURN 

IU ie i aab e lk univ ii c a x I . I K 
. 
C ra ig , e ffic ie n c y lo r g . 
IN I t , Loop 41o and U S A A In th# n ic h e d gas w a te r pd 
19o ce nte r of e v e ry th in g C offee b a r. s22 9511 
X e ro x , la n it o r ip l s e rv ic e , fre e p a rk in g 
In q u ire to d a y 
R O H D E 
R E A LT O R S , 
41)9 
G a rd e n d a le , 
694-S311_________ 

 b ilic * s p a c e faG iin is k o ii Im m ediate occup an cy u tilitie s paid. 
B a cky M a y o 824-J2H 
H e n ry $ 
M ille r Co R e a lto rs 
P R IM E 

PECAN VALLEY 
Coll Club Apts. 

34So E. SOUTHCROSS 

333 9o2o 

< i | ¥ i r t 

Efficiencies. 1-2-3 
Bedroom Flats To 
3 Bedroom Town­ houses 

3 8 1 5 P a rk d a le 

 t i ? 6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

■ 

O f t i c o s p a c e en n o w 
N o rth E x p re s s w a y n ea r a irp o r t 
R easonable ra tes, c o v e re d pep , 1 a ll co nveniences 
344-34S4 

252 SELL OR EXCHANGE 

 r f 
4 *.H B u r t fc 
• Id e r h o m e s , a p is n e e d in g re p a irs 
John R 
R e coil, B ro k e r ; 
4 48 ,G u n to ^B to g 224i 7 4 2 ^ 2 4 8o2J 

254 KAI ESTATE WAN IEP 

Y x e H n iy irS e S C e rT e T 'J C J ro S J n h em e on $6 4*9 a c re s , G r a iin g land, w ith slack b onds w itm n 7o m ile * of S A R e ply to M rs P ru d y 
P r o th e r ton PO Rex S D M Meas taw, TX 77453 712 212 4461 
In d iv id u a l w o n t* to tw v 6 M * r to- j 
Como p ro p e rty , c o n d itio n u n im po ria n t ( A leak, P O D ra w e r K 
P o rtla n d , Tx 71)74 y flk W T Ift A c r e * * - * ; - T exas Wet 
Phan# H I 124 97)6 eves sr w rite 
7414 Q U A IL R U N , SA 74249 

255 m ESTATE LOANS 

 m a k e ! f ' T 
B i u n 
* p i r » i M lie n s M ax 9 y r * B uy nates le s s y j r t f B i than I V w ith O isi aunt 
A V Mud) Ig u m tr o k e r I i i o*46 

Iffic U n c e s a ir . bus! shops TTo wk $12$ m e up B ills ad Section 
8 534 144) 424 9445_______________ 
E n jo y th e p a n tie p o e t o f th e 
P o a rd w o lk 
S p e n d y o u r a fte r noons c h a ttin g w ith frie n d s d ut mg a gam e o l b rid g e Close to Won d e r lo n d o r C o n tro l P a rk M a ll 
C atch o bus to a n y w h e re jo in our c o m m u n ity w h e re a ll agas share th * good lite 
IS M W est A venue 249 42o2 
B o try G illin g w a te r Co 

F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
8246351 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 

LOCATOR SERVICE 
E fflu e n c e * 
I t and I b e d ro o m * to rn or u n tu rn l i t - 1 JOO 
# r e * u liiif io s 
A f f r a c li v e ba i h e le n e ffic ie n c y 
C o ro o t b a r 
N ear F I Sam IM O m o n th *24 4718 
SHS F u rn is h e d I B ed ro om A g t* 
A rr. Cat! A ny D ay ar ( v a * 7 34 
A M 
9 P M 2)2 I I H 

 jV i I i ' F u m f l k gJ T lla d ro a n i I p T 
A ir, I BWS K e lly CaU A ny D ay Or 

S A K I t A l l 
B A L L R O O M 
L O U N G * l i b 
C A M T VBR M H M S t m a r MBR 
. . . B l 
, _,B sa I* b o m * i e lm i s n »e 
F le x tg i* 4 Spar m as B e d ro o m * fa rm s aa toa sa ig FgggrgR fa g * r 
C e n tr a l M o a t A i chase fa rm s M BI S lo t ta rn a l 
*24 43*9 A AL BR AA TV 
$23 

SC MWL! HOMES UNT 

XW rgcW e a tin g ^ a d u lt* 
2444 M ission Rg 

Yiodriron, fVfcM. sa XKO Menflgro e e ry I teen la n c e d y o re 
NE MI 
C ory Coe# P a th 114* 4*4 1114 

F T I riJsitod w u isfcf a is le d k J U M t 
* t bear t e m 
$>$ dan 
SDS 
4 m a to * * * 423 16*7 

T T T S t t W 
R i W n u r - ~ 
■ 
I Ratns 

N ig n t 7 a m 
I t p rn 912 4414 f i t ! B ra n t A v * aW H a n c e T-1 
6 4 m s , c e n t r a l a ir , na i rotor en gets bdls pd /S I I t l l 

 d e r a -c ^ H r U n d i n , c e n tra l a a . J J b ed ro om s $244 ro ils auto 
676-64*7, M I 4 )11 la r g e I bedre 

R oom m ate A p a rtm e n t M a te ' 
We have s e v e ra l people lo o k in g to r a c o m p a tib le p e rs o n 
C a ll 
M a tc h m a k e r in c 144-1114. 
S m a ll a pt . no p ols, o r c h ild re n , a a * a u to r ad. 7)^7477 

SOUTH CENTRAL 
I B ed ro om U n tu rn $13$ 
1-B edroom F u rn , $148 
I B ed ro om U n fu rn H IO 
2-B edreom , F u rn $178 
C o n tr o l h e g l- g ir , e x tr a la r g o loom s, nea r 
South side G lobe 
9 t2 -i4 i> 
South Side I b e d ro o m a pts, c a r ­ p e te d p o o l, d o s e to s h o p p in g sch o o ls 
A ll b ills pd 
BITS 
) / ) $ 
P leasanton Rd 917 4441 i l l i m 

SOUTHSIDE SINGHS 
S127 MO FOHN. 
B ra n d n ew e le g a n t e ttic ie n c o s . poo l, sh a g c a rp e t, B ig c lo s e ts fa n ta s tic k itc h e n 
R o b in s N o s ! 
A pl $3* Hot W elts B lvd 313-8$H 
S pacious 2 ond 3 b e d ro o m s id e a l far young m a rrie d * w ith a sm a ll c h ild th e B o a rd w a lk o ffe r* I be d re a m s u n fu rn tor $29* 2 g ao ls d a b roam and la u n d ry C los* to 
W onderland ana C o n tro l P a rk 
IS I* West A venue M f 42o2 
B u' I I C > il!ili^ *a l« l S i _____ 
SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
L a rg e I and 2 B ed! a am * 
FR O M H 49 (U N F U R N H I ) IP ) 
IU V A N O t N H I CK 1)4 2)49 
O FF 44*8 N N B W B R A U N F E L S 

M i o i i l # 
LA PLAZA 

3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

O '*# • bed ro om opT m d c o m p le te ly tor 
W ater Pd OSS 426* 
T W r i i i H I H ' I room wa ie i od 

TCdT'Cror n n o * mo 

 i pats 19$ 
T W H 

 ie fe n c e d l ar pated 
79*7 
B R A A T V 4*1 444B 
CUR TR A V I T 

I ■ rm nwTiTc ~ 
G R O U N D L f V I L D U P L I XRS 
F U R N Q I U N F U R N 
• X l t l I RN I M A IN I K N A N I 6 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A PTS 
2931 4 
SOU t NC MOSS 
1)4 4469 
« r n 
6 T m r r m m r * m 
~ 
MOOR RN R f F U I * NC V F U N N t i l * to S IM H I 4TN S i IM t i l ) 

TALLY HO 

MOBILE HOME MC 
IM I NOR TM P A N A M 
I t ) I t t i 
>»» » » 
TENDER LOVING CARE 
( t e a r e d w are a d y t i e m ca r apt la y o u t s end m g ilp e I geog se ! yew w e * t g at d> enc bed to t •«< re a m s se yo u w an I b a rb y e a r stoa* M I f i l l BM 1894 and see 
IN B • Ne, S i UN 6 P T | im YAPS* JHtfctp p P ar TAC 

• I-2-3 B edroom * 

 a S ingle a nd Fam ily 
Suctions 

* F repioces 

4 Tennis 

115 NW LOOF 41o 
Across From 
North Star Mall 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

A A A A A A A H 
Y O U R 
O W N 
H O M B ! lo v e ly Tow nhouse, o a f* 
S IM dawn $129 m o n th ly H U R R Y . 
O nly 
I lo ft' 
921-1764, 
672-4714. 
4/4 7 SOS 
PAT M C VE Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A B E A U T IF U L W A Y TO L IV E 
L a r t * l r oas. c o v e re d te rra c e , 2 bedroom s I or 2 baths, la rg e c l* sets, a va ila b le Fab Is l 
THE HE MI t AGB 
1143 Babc ock el NW L o a * 414 
3413114 
• 

APARTMENT HOME k illu s iv e O verlo oks heated pool 
C ountry s ly !* k itc h e n A ll lh * la * a n e s e l lh * m o st d is c rim in a tin g h a m * Q uiet re s id e n tia l a re a Cat! 
I M I ) * I 
S A AP A R I M E N T L O C A TO RS 

A d d i t i o n a l 
( i a s s i t i r d 

O n P a # ** I2 K 

Bricklin may be reborn in future 

INSIDE THIS SEC TIO N : 
Want Ads 

• EM PLO YM EN T • A N N O U N C E M E N TS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS O P PO R TU N ITY 
• ED UCATIO N 
• M ERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC & LEGAL NOTICE 
• A U TO M O TIV E 
• R ECR EATIO N AL 

SEE THE “ G O LD EN TW IN S " FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE. RENTAL A N D M OBILE H O M E ADS 

EXPftESSN EW S 
* 
>>°9« 
,E 
Motoring 
World (® 

S a tu rd a v F ebru arv 12 1 9 7 7 

By JIM ABBOTT 
A U T O EDITO R 

R em em ber the B rick lin ? R u ­ mors continue to fly that somehow the car will be reborn and will again be rolling off the assembly lines in Canada. 
Malcolm Bricklin. the brilliant young financier who put everything together and actually built the car, is reportedly sulk­ ing in his Arizona home. Reports say that he " d l not allow the c ar to be built again with his nam e on it, unless he has control oi things. 
There seem s little doubt that the C ana­ dian p roven ce of New Brunswick would like to see their investment in the a sse m ­ bly plant pay off in the form of jobs. S e ­ veral firm s have acted a s co n su lta n ts trying to com e up with the right answ ers to get production rolling again. 
Only a few people outside of the big four auto builders in this country have been able to actually build and m ark et auto­ mobiles. There are som e specialty firm s turning out sm all n um bers of c a rs. but they are hardly to be considered in the sam e class with the big boys. Still people keep trying to build som ething different. • 
Reports 

For m any months there have been re­ ports in the press about the car that .John 
Z. Delorean w as going to put on the m a r­ ket. Delorean is not a m an to be taken lightly. His credentials are valid. He has the brains, the knowhow, and the finan­ cial connections in Detroit to produce a car. And he wants to. 
Delorean chose the National Automobile 
D ealers Association convention in New 
Orleans to display a prototype of the new car he says he w ill build The car is a little beauty, built of fib e rg la ss and brushed steel, and the styling strikes a fam iliar chords. 
To the casual observer the car might be m istaken for a Bricklin. Y es those are gull-wing doors, but they are not like the 
B a c k lin s doors at all. they are hinged more or less in the middle and sort of fold as they go up. 
Price 
When Bricklin first announced his car. he said it would go on the m a rk e t for under SH.(1(1(1, an attractiv e price back then, but of course when it reached the market it cost much more. 
Delorean has also placed a figure oil his new car. around $1(1.11(1o. not such a terri­ ble price in today's m arket place. L e t’s hope that he is not a s far off target as 
Bricklin was. 
While D elorean’s c a r is aim ed at the sports car market, as w as the Bricklin. it will come with a six-cylinder engine. 

Testing cars sometimes is romantic 

JO H N Z. D ELO REAN an d his w ife , C h ristin a, lo o k at his p ro to ty p e car, M o d e l 12, u n v e ile d re ce n tly in N e w O rle a n s 

C L A & S I H E O D I S P L A Y 

When one considers the price of gasoline, miles per gallon figures even for a sports car are worthy of note. Delorean claim s his vehicle will com e in at about 3o m iles per gallon on the highway. 
T he m o st a m a z i n g th in g ab o u t the 
Bricklin, to this writer, was the fact that it w as built at all. It's d e m ise w as not surprising, but it was disappointing, the car had a lot of good things going for it. 
And for those who are interested in such things. B a c k l i n s are very likely to be­ co m e h ig h ly p r iz e d c o lle c to r s ite m s , especially if no more of the cars are built. 
We wish Delorean a big bundle of luck with his project, there is a m arket for a car such as he proposes, and if he could get the cost down a few thou, there would be a huge m arket. Good luck John. 
★ ★ ★ 
The 55 mile an hour speed limit is an 
“ Absolute turk ey". Now depending upon how you define turkey, you can have it good or bad. but in current u sage “ tur­ key" is not a com plim entary term. 
The quote is from Los Angeles Police 
Chief Ed Davis, he is displeased with the 
55 mile an hour limit, as are most high­ way travelers, and Ile expressed his dis­ pleasure to the Adm inistrator of the Na- 

 tional Highway T raffic Safety A d m in is­ tration in a letter. 
Davis, said. "O n a trip to P alm Springs where the flow of traffic most of the way seemed to be about 63 m iles per hour, I just couldn’t help but reflect on the irra­ tion ality of how try in g to pull p u b lic compliance down to the 55 level” 
" I f that had been done im m ed iately follow ing the s u r g e of p u b lic su p p o rt during the oil em bargo and converted into a life sa v in g m ech an ism , it could have been sold. To use a Herman Kahn term . not even the best ‘safety racist’ could get even a m o d ic u m of p u b lic or o fficial. 
Compliance now." 
Safety 
Chief Davis would like to convert the speed limit to a new top of 55 m iles an hour on freeways in highly urbanized a r ­ eas. and Bd to BJ out in the open stretches. 
Davis said in his letter, “ In many Wes­ tern states the speed limit is what you set y ou rself; 7o and 75 are not un usual in m any of our s p a r s e ly se ttled W estern sta te s. In C alifo rn ia I found B3 or B4 
Everybody knows that is the c a s e ." 

 factor that is widely cited to support the 
55 limit. 
" l f we had a current com pliance at 55 miles an hour we could attribute whatever life saving exists currently to that 
I am afraid we will have to attribute whatever life saving there is this year to something well ab o v e 55 m ile s an h our. With a widespread d isregard of the law by the public, by individual police officers, by police officials, by le g isla tu re s and g o ­ v ern o rs who re fu se to p ro v id e the r e ­ sources to enforce the law. we put police­ men in an abslutely untenable position.” lion." 
He said that a reasonable new national limit of BO or B2 accom panied bv ap p ro­ priate resources, backed bv state legisla­ tures and a commitment for the officers and men of law enforcem ent ag e n cie s, could be a realistic way of keeping down accidents, injuries and deaths and at the sam e time conserve fuel. 
Many s ta te s, e sp e cially in the' West, enacted the 55 limit in order to comply with fe d e ra l r e q u ir e m e n t s , fa ilu re to comply would have meant loss of certain 

CLASS I C DISMAY 

Davis also commented about the safety, 
--------- 
~ 
OASIS© 6BKAY 

We're Celebrating 
LINCOLN'S BIRTHDAY 
WITH SPECIAL 
DISCOUNTS! 
J x 5 » en a suet f 
OF IHI 
I 
« 
SAVINGS. J 

SPEC (A l TO THI E X P R E SS N E W -, 

Does test driving next y e ar’s ears on the steep-banked curves of an international speedway sound like adventure and high romance? 
At the Am erican Motors Corp lest fa­ cility in M ich ig an ’s rolling Irish Hills, there is little of the Evel Ktiievel-braiul of rom ance for test d riv ers 
But now and again romance of another sort does start up 
Jim Manner and Dawn Bloom mot at the M ich ig an In tern atio n al S p e e d w ay here w hile test-driving \m eriean Motors cars. f’he setting of a two m ile oval track, where NASCAR and USAC drivers top 2(1(1 miles an hour, proved romantic to them 
They literally went around together for three years — i i i sep arate AM I’ c a r s — and last April were m arried. 
Not scheduled 

R o m an ce, however, is not sched u led into the program that Jim , Dawn and the other drivers are lured to conduct 
American Motors schedule at the com ­ pany's two m ain test cen ters, the B u r ­ lington proving ground in Wisconsin and the leased MIS. is d esig n ed to develop exacting data on em ission controls, fuel ec o n o m y , d u r a b i l it y , v e h ic le p e r f o r ­ mance, safety and noise. 
Som e than* million m iles of driving arr accumulated at tin* tracks each year 
“ We do precision d r iv in g ," J i m M an­ ner says. “ T h e r e ’s nothing particularly romantic about it " 
Most of the testing at hic speedway is done for em issions cert ii leal ion rhi* Environmental Protection Agency 
(E P A ) and California require lhat a se ­ lection of each m anu facturer's prototype be tested over a 56,(HHi-mile, highly-pre­ scribed course, well t>cforc the ears can l>t‘ liuilt or sold 
Additional 4.ooo-mile runs are part of 

ZCLAiMMftjatfLAL 

Tw add up as much mileage in a few weeks as a normal ear owner puts on a vehicle In lour or five years of driving. Am erican Motors carries on certification testing on a 21 hour schedule, seven days a week 

 these s a m e F e d e r a l and C alifo rn ia re quircm euts 
To add up as much m ileag e in a few weeks as a normal car owner puts on a vehicle i i i four or five y e ars oi driving, 
American Motors carries on certification testing on a 24-hour schedule, seven days a week 
Continuous 

Tin* E'ars run continuously 
A fter SB m in u te s at the w h e e l, tin* driver gets a ten-minute rest 
A relief driver keeps the car i i i motion during the breaks and lunch hours 
"P eo p le are surprised when I say I do test driv in g," Dawn says. “ They often ask if I drove at ISO m iles ail hour. I tell them my average sjieed for exhaled em ission s certification driving is only about 31 m iles an hour." 
The em issions lesl cycle is designed to sim ulate real world driving put terns 
Drivers must slow down, stop, acce le r­ ate and slow down again every quarter of a mile or so 
Every m ovement the driv er m a k e s is watched, not from (tic pits, lull from the instrument panel 
A special device called a tacho graph re g iste rs the E'ar s speed aud sto ppin g time on a paper disc rile m *o rd Ell euE'h right hour drive is ki'pi sEt that Isitli the federal government and the t ' E i m p n i i y engineers can verify that H i e * tests ashlered to the e m issio n s s'ys'le exus'tly, 
" ll s not as difficult as it s e e m s,” say s 

 t oiUinuert on Page ti Ell lilts Section 

YOU CAN AFFORD A 
IBUICK ... AT 5o1 BROADWAY] 

NEW 1977 
BUICK CENTURY special 
STK. #A6763 

Buick s famous V-6 angina, tin tad glass, door guards, factory air, po war »roaring, pa war brokes, automatic transmission, dahlia whoa! covers, radial whitewalls,' 
(london tap I sport wheals optional al extra cost.) 

C A M I 
M U C K 
NEW 1977 MERCURY MONARCH 

2 5 o 6 cylin d er 
Tinted g la ss 
L an dau vinyl ro o f 

M O N A R C H FEATURES INCLUDE: 
* 
W h ite w a ll ra d ia l tira s 
* 
P o w e r s ta rrin g 
* 
A M -F M ra d io 

 dr 
A ir co n d itio n e d 
★ 
P o w e r b ra k e s 
+ # 8 9 1 2 . 

List Prien $ 5 4 6 3 
*489o 
*4 8 7 7 

Nothing aha to pay 
•«*pi lax, 
U mm end (tooler fi*p 

NEW 1977 COUGAR 4-DOOR 

★ A utom atic ★ P o w e r ste e rin g * 
P o w e r b ra k e s t A ir c o n d itio n e d 
★ V in y l ro o f ★ V in y l b a n d i se a t 
★ W h ite w all ra d ia l tiro s * S tylo stool w h eals ★ B o d y sid e m o ld ­ ings ★ Tinted glass * 
L u m p e r- g u a rd * Loft h an d re m o te m irro r 
★ P ro tective m o ld in g s. # 7 4 4 4 . 

NEW 1977 

BUICK REGAL 

(too. 

STK. #A4265 
Tinted glass, door guards, automatic transmission, pawer stoaring, power brakes, factory air, radial whitewall* 
AM radio, custom wheal cavers, bumper strips, fold dawn arm rest. 

C A S H C 
M H C ! ▼ 
‘555o 

‘359o 

HORTH PARK 

L I N C O L N * M E R C U R Y 

NEW 1977 MERCURY COMET 
2 DOOR * 2 5 o 6 cylinder 
★ 
W h ite w a ll tires 
A 
3 sp e e d m an u al transm ission 
★ 
Tinted glass 
* 
D e lu xe w h e e l co v e rs 

NEW 1977 MERCURY BOBCAT 

STATIO N W A G O N 

★ 2 .3 Litre en g in e 

 ft 4 sp e e d m an u al transm ission 

★ Fold d ow n re a r seat 

★ Tinted glass it Lu g g ag e rack it W h ite w a ll tires it Front disc b ra k e s . # 9 8 8 9 . 

92o7 SAN PKDRO 

341-8841 

NEW 1977 
ELECTRA 225 
BUICK S FINEST LUXURY CAR' 
STK. # C 2*4* 

A wop P N M M W , SO SO I M H , (M IM I M IW M f, too* nit daw luck., lurtwp iii, tooted pto.., dour peexd., 

Aouipe# peoxda, trout A roo# Boo# wot. 

Nothing th* to pay C A S H 

••(•pi lax Tim. U*#tm M I C K 
(Md (tooto# trap 
* 7 2 7 7 

ORDER 

 m o W I 
C A S H 
M U C K 

NEW 1977 
BUICK RIVIERA 
AuioanotK, power, mr, tin tad glass. 

 custom stoaring whoa! and wire whoa! ravers, SB/SO wats. (Vinyl roof optional ) 
* 6 8 9 8 

VVI S H I B U IC K S E V E R Y D A Y , FO P E O P LE THAT T H O U G H T TMEY 
C O U L D O N I Y B U Y A F O R D O R C H E V R O L E T / * 1 

SOI BROADWAY.. 
RIGHI DOWNIOWN 
V , 
SPIRES DO 

2261361 
LAS BUICK 

Page 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 

AUTOMOTIVE 

7IK7a HHmHPWT8CWI8 m m m a t* SPVRTSCARS jn av I yHwpeoeop 

□ECK OUT OUR WAGON AND 
YOU MIGHT UNLOAD YOURS.! 

O u r Volvo wa is built to overcom e the disgruntlement many people feel for their station wagons. 
F or exam ple, it s no bigger than a Voluv si/e sedan. So han­ dling it in a crowded parking lot is no big deal.'iou don't feel like you'xe got your car to fight asw ell as all the other parkers. 
And loading is a pleasure. 
Not a trauma. 
T he rear door openi designed with the knot1 v >me ob jects are high as inside in 77 cu. ft. of usable load sp a ced 
Bring in your wagon and go home in ours. We'll Sett or lease von aM)fvo wrtg< *n and, either way, de-gruntle you. 
V 
O 
L V 
O 

T h e c a r f o r p e o p l e w h o t h i n k 
P a r^ 7 £ n W \o 
NI Scout Dealer 
AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR PARTS, SALES, SERVICE 
1 3 2 BALCONES NORTH 
7 3 2 - 2 1 4 3 

(S U 
­ 
IT'S WORTH 

$ 7 o o ° ° 
ON ANY NEW 1 9 7 6 
PEUGEOT 
DIESEL OR GAS CAR 
AU SPECIALLY PURCHASED 
FOR THIS SALE! 
II 
I I I 
II 

I I I 

M 
U O I i n n m 
. o s 
J 
- U i 
, 
J 

*2,71o 

BUYS A NEW 1976 
OPEL 

LIST PRICE................ 
’ 3 ,4 1 o 
Factory Dealer 
‘ 7 o o 
Rebate....................... 

Delivered Price . . . . 
. . ’ 2 ,7 1 o 
Plus State Tax and licens« 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
CO VERAG E______ 

Tho Pot icy That Lot* You Sign A w a y M ost Of 
TltOrCo** O f M otor Mochontcot Robotry For I * 
Mowtas O r 11 ,o o o M t n , W h ich * y or Com o* fin n 
• MOTOR S IF # * * A N C I CORPORATION * 

 a 

‘ONE OF THE BEST MADE CARS 
IN THE WORLD" 

PRONOUNCES 
POUJ-OH” ) I 
I 

I In Stock— 
Others Slightly M ore 
LIMITED OFFER 
Open TIII 8 P.M . 

I A C R A /* ' — 
T ta * * r , 
< P i t , 
6 5 M w b e ta md A N ** ya**. OMV. 
■ 
| ^ — j 
C 
MbAbLRtth Rd i l 4 r u r v / v " f * w w m i 
Od V llC Y T by, eta*— Ne.ta .pawta...• l e o A t i n r w A A d *-R*#e, wwta, kidtx 
O O A n i V Y ta fb r, avtansartlt 
7o OLDSMOBILE 442 
P " 
IR ■ tall ■ ■ * ■ w imp ee»eV. . | 
D$Ri^e HwtadAeu 
MMU m/Entf WTB BBNTy yBY rBwBBo YWy 
'67 OLDS F-85 
, 

 darker 

72 CHEVROLET 
Vega M e ld ***, aranga. 

DIESEL ENGINE WILL 
GIVE YOU FROM 27 MPG IN 
THE CITY UP TO 39 MPG 
ON EXPRESSWAYS 

 r . 

OFTER GOOD UNTtt MARCH 31ST 
BROUGHTON MOTORS a i 3 o A U S T IN H W Y . 
655-o3411 

B U I C K 
C O 
45 o o SAN PEDRO 7 3 4 -4 2 2 1 

781 
M T H E S -C 8 U K T W S 

H T S S f r n T o s r * c o n v e r s i, 
R e d . 
A p io . a ir . R u n t p o n d 
O r 
I not c o n d itio n 57 JO-'*1 L in co ln 
I do dr So d o n AH pow e r, a ir N ow v a lv e lo b R u n t good* 55oo Sea o f 
V a lle y H i T e xaco SMS South w oof Loop 416. 
P riv a te o w ne r to-u n 
________ 
57 C A b tL L A C . 4-door f a t v R e t to ro tto n 5575 4)5-4831____________ 

S* 
C k * v r o l o l 
IS O , 
4 s p e e d e v e rv th ln a new, im m a c u la te ' Soil or tr o d e 484 MZA 

'SS d k o v i , I U c o " , W o r k b o c k a tt. c h r o m o re v e rs e a ll a r o u n d . 
5 ta d ta lly sync h r on It od. 4 /4 424o or 471 27o1 a tte r 4 
44 C o ) T 6 m C H E V Y p ic k u p 
C o rve tte one , C hovollo re a r end 
4 s o d , d ia m o n d tu c k In t e r io r , 
C h a rry b o d y 
S e ll o r tro d e fo r 
M orley S p o rts te r A len 
o22-o1 SO, a n ytim e 
7 T K 5 u 7 C o m m a n d t o r 4-whee I d riv e . I to n ra tln a . r u n t a r o o tl 
17o4o 42o OS 77 rwmrfmsTi---- 
'47 K LO O R A D O W hite, re d In te r tor pood c o n d itio n STOOS 4oo14o8 i B r a ^ i V k f Y 
L s U o ' lT si 
S tu d e b d k e r C m d 
SISO 4)4 I SOO 
A nyhm e o tte r 4PM m i MODEL A FORD 
5 w in d o w c o o p e . ra m b le t e a l, p e rto c t co nd itio n o* points ♦ c a r. 
S4SOO 42* 1384, g ill tor Jim 

I H I O LD S MOO I L L I OO OH A OO 
SISoo 
484-7872 
6 oslo ro b le SO E d te l p lu s L d se I p o rts 1 2o9 117) M o ke ewer 
1o4S R o lls R o y c e S ilv e r C lo u d . 
COH 126 24oo_____________________ 
S lo ck. 43 C h e v ro le l im p o ia SS. 
4oo cu In MO HP Too m o n y va t r o t lo h o i' A fte r )p m , 471 o482 

 l f ) ) T B IR O 
SS VOO C A L L SAN 
MARCOS I TOT 8D4S______________ 
44 T B ird . o r ip in a l. 52.8oo 
44 
T B ird . E icoW ont 51o88 422 STI). 
241-8584 
________________ 
W A N T E D 
TI to 48 F o rd C a rs or 
>'<!>»> <o4 
' ,)v.4 
7C 7a HKBumntMi 

L S A S E Y O U RS A T... 
PAR R TR N V O L VO-1H SCOUT 
111 B A LC O N E S NO 731 >143 

REPOSSESSIONS SOLO AT LO W 
P R IC E S W IT H T R A D E IN S AC 
C E P T E O 
C A L L 
W O OOY 
422 1488 _________________ 
ROO EAST VW 
1482 N E LOO P 418 
828 1281 

■ 3 -PAYS ONLY! free! 
“ 
T E X A S 
* 
DREYER 
. 
TO Y O TA o 

. a ir, 4 -.p e e d . ra d io . 

*7 7 LICENSE 
PLATES 

* 7 3 CALKA Aum. rape deck. vin yl 
* 7 6 C O M M A 
2 doe. d ee ,. 
* 7 3 COROLLA 

* 7 3 COROLLA 
2-dun.. 4 -.p u u d. radio. ................................... 
* 7 3 V tO A 
4 upuud. ra d io ......................................................... 
* 7 3 C H IV Y 
_ 
89i$ v ll, 
* 
$9tHi9RB®B(F(9# vvittriAtae 
6 
* 7 6 FORD 'V h jn p4cfc-up, oarer WooHm . u w A . ah, re B e. com par caver, la w m ao* . 
* 7 6 COROLLA 
I -4mm. 4 upd.. ta a l econom y .......................... 
* 7 3 M A R K N 
G—CBMRP, OaFYOFBCrtNfcty CHl, FVNHO * » * * c * e a a a 4 
* 7 4 D ATSUN 

* 7 B a ftO N T I C A R IO M m w n .. w . g in de'iqs, . l eerknf and hr ok as, d e . 

* 7 3 t o m S u jk ^ 

* 7 3 r o l w 
7 S 
M i '," ‘‘ o n ly *1495 

TM NM 

AUCH 'T I 
A o b ., d ir. 4 d r 
P rie d b le w beek W h o lesa le b r a v ic k 
S d b t 244 884 j 
1*72 A d d ! F e e . a ir ! s te r e o , 4 speed, tm 4dm 824 4284__________ 
'74 A U D I F O X 2-d o o r. 4 sp ee d. 
S w n ro o t 
A ir . A M F M 
Y e llo w 
S im . o*6o28* o r l l * *154 

L o o d e d . n e w m o to r tu n e u p . 
MO IS Ie 

771 A o d i F e e I f a d m it 
Or o k * I 
S W 8 886o*47 ■ 
71 A U O ) IOO LS 
A ir . s d n ro o l. 
AAAFM v ie r OO 124-1774. 828-o/1o | 
'TS A U D I IooLS Auto. OH 4-door. 
C le a n S44*S 474 o27S * S w e ek days. 484 oo81 a tt et. rn Wk nos 
‘72 Aaa. IOO L l 4 -d , d u b . a ir , 
A M FM STOOP oo4 21*o OH S 

 t * L o b . IOO L S 
4 d r t a n r o e l . a o b . a ir 
M K h e n n ra d ia ls . A M 
F M C la d e' i n n I TTT M d* a tb r 
I IO, OR POV wooQonat_________ 
72 A U D I lo o ts . F a c to ry a ir. auto. 
New tire s . T m ra d io . E a c e tia m 
Cond 
>24 14oo or Ole o4VI______ 
TR WIW 

7o A U S TIN A m e ric a , auto aa, ‘.r, 
»»•»__ rn nm 

T I I M W , 2882. In So p o r 
ICI n o t r n r n . 

BUY A HEW 
TOYOTA... 
WE BUY YOU A 
GIFT. 

A gift worth DOO or mots from our cottittion. (oms 

 rn today and check out 

 our full lint, including th# 

Calico CT Ufftack. Sot what mokes it driving 

 fun. And int us tai you chout Toyotas alerting 

 gift pogrom. Coma c*L- 

 oblate with us! 

717 
514 H i LOOP 41o 
(ACROSS NOM ARfOBI) 
828-o723 

3 8 3 4 F re d e ric k »borg R d. 
7 3 4 - 4 4 7 1 

★ USED CARS ★ 

S P E C IA L : 

T A w 
* A B » I T 
. . ‘ 2 6 8 8 
7 6 V W BUS t-fMMonfor, b r, AM IM radio 
$ 3 3 9 3 
T i T O Y O T A Colicp ST, b r. AN I M 
............ $ 3 3 9 3 
JA S25XL!!*^ 
Um4*4' "**■ lmm*~ 
>*393 r n r n 
M w . n w io t i t o t 
'7 3 V W 
_________ 
•7 3 V W Cd^or, Pap bp. amra ebon 
'76 V W 7 any ai NM*. Ru pow 
*73 RABBIT TSAN mfla*. Mr. M H M 
'7 3 V W DASHtR W 
M 
MHtan 
•75 TOYOTA Fttuo. bug h 
'7 4 V W V A N ) * £ • Lnles 
•7 4 s u p tt B e r m ............ 
'7 3 S U B A R U dodo.............. 
•71 V W V A N 9 passenger 
’ 7 o A U D I 4 6 
• 6 9 T O Y O T A 
•AB V W BOO lf you dors'* ow* mo 

 b wf o r # y o u b s iy . .. 
Y ou Cosdd N y Too March 

USED VOLKSWAGENS 

I H I 
I A A I n i | C a u to m a tic , air 
J 
/ 
O 
Y V Y 
D U D rad io , o n e o w n er 
76 VW RABBIT S8 & T . 
$ 
75 VW SUPER 
74 VW 
74 VW BUS 

 autom atic ae 
A M /F M . Sunroof 

 lo w n nle,urn s ta n d a rd 
1 passenger s la n d a rd . rjtli 

 f * H 
V A A / s ta n d a rd 
/ 3 
V I t e x tra clea n2 dr.. a u to m a tic, air 

7 5 W M 4 do«. 
4Mood, radio, n it... *2695 

7 4 MAZDA Pickup, 
6*eM. rata 
*2195 

7 4 B U K X lulus, loaded 
7995 

7 3 FORD 'A Ton Tick up, 
6 cyimder, radio . . . . 719 5 

73 OPEL GT 4 speed, radio.....................7695 

TOM BENSON 
9 5 o o Son! M r * 

I W M Station Wagon, 
4 speed, rodio, air... 7695 
I FORD 'A tan Pickup, 
Vt, radio 
?! .7295 
BUICK Sport Station 
Wagon, loaded 
*1495 
! FIREBIRD 6 cyl­ inder, leaded.........*17 95 

! TOYOTA Mark It 
Station Wagon, auto­ matic, air, rata . . . . 7 1 9 5 
IMPORTS 
3 4 1 -1 3 5 6 

72 CHEVROLET, bH/ p o w iIb b H b J j p o v B f IwwfcoBy fb414 
72 PLYMOUTH ar, air, po war, rods 
'72 TOYOTA S i tory air, 38,o3o abbe........ 
73 OLDSMOBILE 88 
o84^8Bp 
BOWLBY B884H4bE|i pww iir b rd k tp I w b w*A m w frD R t, w m 

'7o DATSUN 
, . . . . edr, 98 A M b is e ........................................................* 1 3 Y 3 
74 CHEVROLET 
$U9S 

*1395 

1295 

74 PONTIAC!; 

 a l p a a ta r. A b a * a p l e a r y w a il, tU s it p o 
Mbprint. SFfdAL.............................................. 
'71 TOYOTA ££& TS' *5^ u/rSl 
RMvy Rxtrssy raOtl lim , 6-r 
Hris cw dWvmi YHC4tE#vtr hurry * 
’74 CHEVRoUT X 
°l^S*7SVni; aery dmm, u m x ItM (HRT. 

71 TOYOTA 
71 VW CAMPER oondthonexj 
< 
7o KARMANN GHIA I,: h a rd to p , 4 8 OOO o rig in a l m ile s , s ta n d a rd , A M /F M s t e r e o r a d io . 
*1895 

O v e r IO O n e w & u sed cars in stock 

SALIS O riN 8 to 8 -SERVICE 7 to 8 
PARTS OPEN SAT All DAY one Star v o l k s w a g e n 
33 o 3 8 ‘oariway - 8 2 4 731 I 

ANY NEW * 7 6 
DODGE COLT IN STOCK 
CAN BE PURCHASED 
AT 
FACTORY INVOICE 

O F F E R E X P I R E S F E B . 2 8 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
I I 3o BROADWAY 
227-2281 

 r n m u m m 

O W N E R S ‘ 74 M e r c e d e s 2 4 o o , m aple ye llo w , a m tm . lik e new 
856 IST*_________________;________ 
*48 28oS, 4 CVI lo w m l l e a o e en - fin e Auto, o ir. 544*5. 424 15*1 
72, 28oSE. l l , Se.ooo im . w h ite , lo a d e d , e ic e l le n t c o n d it io n , 
V SOO, 14 7 o411 O fter S wk d o v e 

722 TBYBTA 

Q UALITY 
USED CARS 

.7995 

7 3 A U D I F O X 
2 door, 4 speed. 
79,ooo mites . . . . 

7 4 A U D I 2 door. sport coupe.................... * 3 9 9 S 

*7 4 P O R S C H ! 9 1 4 
7JO, y speed, air, stereo, appearance group, mag wheels, 16.ooo m des.. .*6 4 9 5 

7 6 P O R S C H ! 9 1 4 
2 liter, 
Appearance 
Group#, stereo, 7,ooo mites ............ . . . . . ‘7 4 9 5 

7 6 P O R S C H ! 9 1 I S 
Ionia, fully loaded, every o p tio n 
* 1 6 5 o o 

7 6 P O R S C H ! 91 I S 
Edition, stereo a , many extras, clean 
.............!.* 1 5 5 o o 

7 5 T R IU M P H T R 6 overdrive, 
AM IM stereo, 22,ooo miles .. ’ 5 8 9 5 

7 6 O L D S C U T L A S S 
Supremo, 2 door. buck et vents, stereo, nit wheel, outs# control. . . * 5 2 9 5 

6 9 O L D S V IS T A C X U IS f R all power and an, nice c o r ^ . ...................* 1 3 9 5 
NORTHWOOD 
POK SCHE-AUDI 
1 3 2 6 N X Loop 4 1 o 
6 3 4 -3 3 1 4 

726 MISCELLANEOUS MUDS 

BANK REPO S A V A ILA B LE 
241 3*33 

M A V E R I C K 'F C i cvl. b o d e d , lo w m lleooe. 17,446 4861174 
T T p A k tB R k s-sP e e o ------- 
.................. St 
I,TSO 
PORSCHE AUDI 
1324 NE Loop 41o 
8263214 c 6L 6ft" Ti? Li'S— ET77iieni I condition. 922-422S 

Very ebon, a ir 
NORTHWOOD 

73o-743 mTOHOMUS 

HIGH CLASS 
USED CARS 

(p*. Soeool wn roof, air. 

*75 DODGE 
C O R o 8 M T C U S T O M 

W ^ies 
*3 5 9 5 

*74 CADILLAC 
ELDORADO 
38,776 mibs, kke new 

*73 CHRYSLER 
T O W N * COUNTRY 
Wagon, high mileage, must see 
* 2 7 5 o looks like new 

716 
MG 

E Y O W N E R m acu la te ' |4 
4*61o*4; 

7$ M O B 
Im 
4*3 Geol ae Hoys 
225-2826 

$ 3 3 9 $ 
•unreel. Woo b o t$ 3 9 9 S 

$ 3 3 9 $ 
$ 4 1 9 $ 

— i v 6 $ 
•fteof, b r, . . . $ $ 3 9 3 
$ 3 3 9 3 
$ 3 B 9 3 

$1 S B B 
$ 1 SY O 
I 9 9 $ 
$ B 9 5 

‘TS MOS Convertible Removable cuolom bord lop. luqquoe rock 
WhMo. block rocm a stripe* 5428o firm . 4S7 2*88_________________ _ 
'74 MO m idget, ro m s overseas, enoo m ib s excellent 67687)8 
'7o MG M ID G E T . ra d ia l tiro * . wire wheels, food cond . IH M of! 
5 l f 2o8-7471 
'74 MG M IO OET. Sporty I fcntro sharp! )14*3. 14*-81*7 

TOYOTA OF SAN ANTONIO 
17o3 S E M ILIT A R Y DRIVE 
*26*4)1 
--------------74 TOYOTA SR)----------- 
MUST SELL 
222 1 242 
o7 STa w a g 6 n AutT 7 tr . 
44.ooo m i., new valve lob. food tires SHOO 826 2378 
723 

 aLatAO SPORTS CARS 
A u f h o r n e d S a b s a n d S e r v ic e 
Triumph-AMO Romeo 
S ill BROADW AY 82 6 5 )!! 

 r f S p itfire C o n v e r tiM o R S B 5 H condition. A M - FM tape dock 
18,4o6 m o a s 53)8o fir m SIJ6oo2 

 f E T D 'M 'F h " T T Y a s t h o c k 
6 f t . 
Mark III. nice H I 51858 226)472; 
YfTHOUPh 68 6. UU 111. enfro 711 - POfttCW 

1968 COBVini 
CONVERTIBLE 

 ti AH O U m iV MMRACUUn N 

* AGT OMA TK TRANSMISSION 

6 FO W K STOKING 

* FOWK K M B - ARUM 

* ABI CONOmONfD 

C A L L Q Y D ! R O W ! 
222-2774 

*73 MAZDA 
1 X 3 o o o 

Station 
Wagon, br, radio, automatic, 38,6oo mibs, a very 
- _ nice cor 
*1 9 9 5 

*54 DODGE 

One owner. 49,8oo 
_ nubs, must see .. e 5 U 
BROUGHTON 
MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HWY. 
655-o241 

• * 1 3 9 5 

* 1 4 9 5 ’ 

7 3 CHEVY 
. . ‘ 1 9 9 5 i | 

7 2 OLDSMOBILE 
*. b r, ad power, crutse coptroi, RH wheel, . . . . . power b d ft, th o rp ................................................ 
4 I t ) i y i ) r n n n Wk I erie*, 
I Boor, brown, browd 
• / A r U K U vtwyt rood, taw b to rb r, owtowoRc. 
W I V 4 , air, power , recRw b g bwckot yawls, food depapdebb trm «pa*totw p, 
1 8 A M . . . . . 
" b b * ..............................................................................X I 7 J 
. I Y J B B C D n iD V 
H r*. A l f b te rb i, 4- 
I /4 lYltKVUKT «pood conae b ibWt, n r fb le g 

!’75 CHEVROUT S T s w t S i. " m ark, b r, rodta, ti J U wiles, (pet Kb* ro w . . . 2 1 9 5 
,’73 CADILLAC 

 s s s ^ l r r - . . 
. l r : *2395 
'73 O l D S M O B I U K S ^ i ' S wb emwtic. V-8 , ob, power bwckot soots, coo- 
^ 
3 
9 
5 

•DMO 
I 73 DODGE Z Z o ~ ^ 

73 FORD S I 
*2895 
73 VOLKSWAGEN 
*3495 
75 CHEVY m rm ww IE w E PKpl. WWD MVMBBEp YO, EWVDEBRftCp <r 4m m 
*# ab, power, bor a b b * ...................................... 
3 o 7 J 

‘3895 
Skbor Cob, V -t. eeteeoptk. air 

 fbJrLwm'..*4995’ 
V t, JSC, 4 Speed, r hrwkes. 

’74 OLDSMOBILE 2 J ft% ’t i r “..‘3995 
’75 OlOSMOeilE 
’^*'•4495 
’74 CHEVROUT 
“ H -■ »* 

’74 CHEVY S T ’. I X ’' 
A M -IM radio, 7o,ooo m ib s . . . 
SERVICE, WHAT 
IT’S ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 

RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES 

75o N.I. LOOP 41o AT BROADW AY 

717 OPEL 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
SUBARU — BMW 
4 * 2 3 F re d e ric k s b u rg l e a d • 7 3 2 - / 1 21 cross From W o n d erlan d a f Frederick (b u rg Rd 

72 OPEL GT 
Automatic, extra nice 
$1695 
By Owner 

/ W o 5 1 6 
1*77 OPEL GT. pow er, a ir a ir o n e s 51*58 ♦ *6171? a fte r s 
72 OPEL GT. real food condition 
II DO 323-81)o 
’ 73 O PEL K o d e tte , new tir o * , econom ical, bos! o fte r lo settle astore p i tis * , m o e o f 

T il HIT 

TIS MISH 

 u r n ______________________ 

7 * C o o n l l O h io 
V * " 2 8 8 8 c * . 
6 s o d . o n . A M F M O lr a c h 
S u n root 
21) 7o* 1' 
JOO 74* 7 
O d er 
4 

I i 
__________________________ 
7* C A P R I ii v s . • s e a " ow c o n d . p o w e r s w a r m * a m F M c o s s a m 
Like now 
*4 8 *o O ar* 
2 2 6 2 5 2 1 ; g « * y ) 
4*6 2 1 o 1 _________________ 

1874 C oon, 28.8o8 m d * * . V A OsrtO. 
OW c r o w WW* m o * w h e e l* . A M 
FM radio Most sacrifice. SIDO t a t h 8168821 
___________ 

I W I C A P R I. 42.8o8 m d * * S a c o t- lont c f n f m on M4 H 88__________ 
TI C o o n P *e d * a n o in e w o rk . 
H p a f T T 
1*1! 
, n l C A P R I 
4 t o * >5 4 c y lin d e r . 
‘ " m 
_____________________________ '74 P A T 6 D 8t 618 t a d o n . * speed. 
1874 C A P R I , s ta n d a rd , e a lr a j w r to c rth c e t i m 
288 14*1 

T I M 
I S H r n 
W 
H 
2-d o o r b a rd ie # is M P O e l 
O O O ^ T I R E S , C LB A N 4 1 )1 6 4 1 
71 M S W HO W o fO fl 
C i t el len t co w d -b fp t Qt*er 6 ) ) 1717 

D a t s u n 24o I , 
71 
A ir 
A M F M , e a r et n n t c o n d 
S D M 
4 *4 4781 Of 
. r n . Jan. 

D o t * * * 
1 4 8 8 . f r o n t a n d owed 8 * o i* # , l r o n s m is s ie n 
I rn e x c e lle n t n e w h o c d i e * SZ M o r 
' BOM Otter 441 1388______________ 
44 DATSU N 
G o o d b o d y . f o o d mover 
4 speed 
Sacrifice MXI 
2 J3 ! i L 

ROBINSONS 
SPORTS CAR) 

'7 3 F IA T 124, aw, stereo 
7 4 MERCEDES 2 8 o 
C o u p * , roof 

' 7 4 Vt A4 6 B -G T , aw, 

’ 7 4 m U M P M T I -6 

’ 7 4 FIA T S p y d e r s ( 2 ) . 
7 3 D A T S U N 2 4 o Z 

7 5 M G M I D G E T , stereo 
7 4 FIAT 1 2 4 
Sport* coupe, cm, 

B M I BOADWAY 
O B -IIB 9 

SALE 
1 9 7 6 
HONDA CVCO 
STATION WAGON 

*81 Opal K O dell* 

M l a i £ l £ £ L — _ 
2-door. SJM. 

POfiSCFH 

NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUOI 
1214 N C. LOOP 418 
8261218 
[ 72 P o rch* *14, m oo*. m i»ch#in 
Tires. AM FM, 5J4oo S i) 12)2 
’4) Porsche ))6 C Good cond., m r 
828 8484. ext 
3814. otter 6 
24)7118._____________ 
ALBER T, lev* i« hovin# you be a special port ol our live* LY D IA . 
RUTHIE 
I 
AHD /U L L IA N 
71 P o rs c h e r n T a rd o , e s c , 
,!3* H U i f t g » 
" “ iB lt!.___ 
7 ) Porsche *11T T o r**, a h o y*. 
) speed. a M -FM stereo tope Low m iloao* im m o cu lo b 
M IM 

 eb o n , price d to sell n e t ) * 5 % 
F in arn m * ovaddbb 2266418 
■f4 T riu m p h S p itfire , e le c tric overdrive. AM -P M cassette, ex 
Ceilan I t i* * ) 656)517 826o277 
•JI V rlu m o n SIO*, a ir, p o w e r, sla n d a rd , AM FM stereo lo pe, 
) ),OOO firm 826141) 
! t i Irlo m p h T fc rTiilr. slereo. 7 N 6 
'm i 4)6612o aft 8 3o 
: 71 T I'ibiUFW i r k 
88.M4 rn, oil o rto in a L e x t r a e b o n 528)o K e r r vMb, I 2)7 7281 
■ it 
T E 
S p T T firo , 
J I , OOO rn ! 
Domo##i1trunk 588o 4 * ^ 2 3 * ^ ^ ^ 
724 VOLKSWAGEN 

T 7 S A iH g r r a s ; . low m ileop*. a u to m a tic , a ir, P B R o d io , R o*. 
G o* 52*58 8 8 6 2o52 i 
666b U t t o VW S 
C A LL B IL L 
824-6428 ism rat nm : a u m 
I CALI PAT________ 
7217121 ii K a rrn o n S h ip 
o * 6 d c o n ? 
I 57SO 881-1181 Oft A w k ends 
BBV9R cnFmKPRBn 
722-7131 
4421 P r e do r te# th o r * Rd. 
'71 R A B B IT oslom , a ir, am tm h/w Md 521*5 23)8152 t i t U M I ' H t 'Tl l AobolW en fin e stored 5888 722-423) t i ^ u H 
T l l f TL I m 
— 
SHARP CLBAM 
CA LL: M ARIO 
232-8811 

 m ileae* 
886)788 

71 
F IA T 
RIO, to k e o v e r pay m e n u . no e o u lty. CRR John 
Sump MV 6*48_________________ 

 datsun 1 * 7 4 model B. 818 
Sid o n V inyl root 4 epee* Irons dW84bh 2826478 f t ! PT 4 p rn___ 
711 

75 Honda H a tchb ack 
4 speed, mr. SUM 4*1 D U eves 

(FA: 
JA OTY' 
IT NWY 
* 4 SMEED 
* SEVERAL LEFT 

• 3 4 6 7 * 

• E M U SOFFIT LASTS • 
*F9m I i 

Cb** cod V a . l . ^ 

 tm j m 

/ j ? 
A 
H 
U 

71 C e rra fla ft s ^ STY F * 
PO Cor va tie C e d v e rtb b 52)88 I nil 

A ir, 2)8, b a th or, 
#7)88*8 

•88 C ervefb ConverhhH new b p . h r**, Or aka s. alc boud cor needs 

 ok end Bdl o52 2441 

74 
/V 
VB TVB Cw6bm~caan4Ma. I 
T T r j j t f J ljn ^ R l 886 7882 
71 COR VB TTB: .. . .H e - ' TST- 
" 'b o p * . CPN 8868o68 I I H M L 
<■«> W» f* b r SP m con ic e n i t 
74 DAY 

‘ t i t O R V E T T B . L O I e n * i# # , 4 
SPOO* b w amies, aacedonl y r*' 
»*& I M M wtai a ^ e s » » 7884 
77 Cory ease Looped t*eo* Cad 
W g g ll !------ 

73 DATSUN 2482 Auto m oi ic aw, m a* we eels le vers, clean co r tg ? t "Ft " iK*nW m BSL 
DATSON HWA 26 3 w m m / l e t saver and 
CB. *5)2781 or 

XI HL. 1*74, unmask 
*18.14* 4)61441 t a m 
* ______________ _ 
1*71 JAGUAR RHB Cc silver prey. rod b ath er m tar tor n e ana rn . ondlMo*. 88.888 m d ** 
111,888 I 722-8IFT 
o4 2 a G u a B IE C Coupe, fo o d cond MMB. 188 8o*1 agua* 71 XKI/V It lo L bw 
M I., f P o m pe red 8e a u !V I A H , ' p a w e r 
»I7)8 
18818*11 * r 

' ’ T M 
O 
. * _________________ 

• our. lo J pjh . SotwrBey 
THE SMALL CAR 
WOK LD Of 
TOM BINSON 
IMPORTS. IHC. 
95oo SAN FEDKO 
5 4 1 - 1 3 3 6 

 r n r n 
T H L l l l A M m r U o r l s f or 
17-o88 miles. Am Pm, Stereo. Like 
New Must SOHI 4)8-8111 
7?1 
TB'lA k b 'C Tlu^rS IA cW 91 
4) . SOO m l . t ow ner 
E n * w ork ro o u iro d e b o n body. in b r tor 
B ook vo lue 528)8, O S kln* 51488 
8261144. see 
IOO B rlH fRI . iuboru station wppon Only ic HI 

'.up*. Dr,-ii, 
I 
.Zr^tJ, hon CB 1)U )o 473 2*11 aller 4 
71 Suer Bootie VW. Air, IT W . 
Alter 5 f in 8264111 to ke over paym ent* on J4 \fW. 
No fa u lty Call 
824-8818 ask b r 
Prod, after 7- *21-7757 
Tok* over paym ent* on t i Vita 
•Bu*’ No eauftv Co* 826 74o* ask b r De nm* 
A tb r I et 'n il* cod 
J U 6221 
□ T r - V 6 L k t y y i8 1 N 
6 6 6 B 
CONDITION. 518o Cd# 46*7*85 
'IT V J I sweden U s " K W ir m i 
C * 8^ 93g 3 
* *8 8 6 * K 6 l 8 2 _ _ _ 

VW P O R S C H E 
A lm o s t m in t, old e r m odel, su n ro o f. VW w ith 
Porsche IS* *no*ne, b ra ke S 'S b *r m« ReconRy replaced tron s-axb , pen*ro to r. battery, H r**, brakes m aster cylinder 
SHOU 8262o791 wHks r f VW RA BB IT. Like new 528)o 
5362816 day; 64618*5 avos. t i VW S o uarebacii. 48.1*8 m i! 
Need b sell 464 2)34 oft 4_______ 
To VW siutionwoqon. new lire *, j new a u to tra n s m is s io n , now | b ro ke s, ra d io , a ir cond SHOO 
*862344 attar tem , 
___ 
74 WW S u p e r, o lr , a u to 
Tnv m acukrt* 51158 2258152 
4 T W lo p e r fcooM*. » 1,11 o. air, 
51475 1-6654514 
YI VW TH IN d Low m iboee. ex cedenf cand 51785. * 5 ) 2o42 
T I 
T W - W a e o n . good iro n s p o rta iie n 5585. fin a n c ln * o vol table 236441o 

 r n m n 

74 VOLVO 142 
52285, 882 1785 
V o iv. f l I U H r : U L F U stere,. very ebon 51185. 8862855. 
Vefve. ' t i , !m 4 D l 7 C reem poN l b w m ibs. tatty ppuipped White, L 
C d r , rod m l 6 # b w Book 55o88 > 
Nrm 18124 Brdw ay 
T n ?6 i 7 g r ^ r s ^ H b n - m 
I 
Catt attar ). 554148* 
•T T W u i r i f l T li o n J . Fully equipped 7b SOS). I 7 p rn a V e iy* slp n d c rd YrahcpoW a 
Hon spec lot 578)2351771 j i v 5 L v < i J la k e n , ( id a m Im air. rebuilt e n *in#, clutch 51298 
4562917 

 i.m S M IT H 

Retail Buyers take a dv a n ta g e of my generous otter on a new Dodge. Call for 
E. VV. 

MITCHELL 

I )3 o BROADWAY 
227-2281 

VOLKSWAGEN 
P o r t s S o t e tc# C u r : 

 m ib s 
E x c e lb n t 
I 257 8428 c o n d itio n 

4 5 )1 1 3 1 el VW lUlTooTt add runs food' 
5488 456 OOM s r w n r c ' 

 r n 
TIYVTA 

A l a m o T o y o t a 

 f t io o n . r u n s 
5126812 

A c r e e s P r o m A ir p o r t 8 5 8 6 7 2 3 
514 N E 
L O O P 418 

T ) ' a 
« 
, 
K 
W 
J 
'O F . L a p e l f o o d c o n d 5148* 8268481 

1 T 
Z 6 I 6 1 i 'I T S T T d m Im 7 a i ' s o n * . 17,88o im 53188 2o66787 

■■n T o r o l U T * 

71 VW BUS $1776 
'H a * c o m p m o B iio a n d P o e T o o t i t r e * B xco d o n t M ro u o h o u l H IO 

Y I H W H i t t w i e r b os! o N er 
4 8 6 /5 8 1 a t t a r 4 w e e k d a y s , a n y 

 y u ia i 

M O C * 
1 7 8 h * . 

16888 mde* B r iis iw r t ju r f - t a 
4 SPOOR t a l l y # * U I* * * 6 l l 86* rao.ifMW11*1 ttgifr *9^., f 4 C o r y e l l * 9 l o p . M i l , a i r , 

S U N 7 *8 I 
4 s o d . t a r . e m tm . lo w m iieoo* P e r f e c t caw a d ion G o o d o u r e n d in v e s tm e n t! t g i i ?6 I K L r t » i m 

L I R E k 8 # i 
I t D A T S U N 518 i e d a n 
B l u e , i y f r y t n l e n e r 
4 
•p o o d . OH 
W k o ie sa H 515*5 
2*51 
>♦*» 
. - I ....... 
, 
. 
1874. I t * J 
I s t m e a l s o n d i t b n 
“ W lS itm iid r 
SUSI. 

4 cyt ."ST 

U t - 
71 M A R O A B R 5 4 5*1 rn M as C B 

711 m a n RIZ a 
T j a T R ir T * 

74 M a i d * 4 t y i . IO a t e f ) rn 
.gg-jgg-frn. I!1H. OY ill 

72 * * « 4d * R X I. n M i 2 1 ,844 n i l . r o d * # , f i r , r a d i a l s , o x c o l l o a l . 
51195 o 8 6 2 8 8 8 . 

 i 71 M A I D A B R 2 r e a p e r t ^ p o o d . 

 t it t t y rn H e n u t M . it ! M a t 
74 BM O N O W t a o fr t y p o r t e d ' 
!tmtg«uxT,»______________ 

H A A F A A K 
K 
A 
A 
K 
K 
# m 
^ i r n ' s n is m i l M m ‘ u 
' 
' 
11 
TW f^CoroJEiTiJlprk ll, a u ta h ** He. air Dank H rM t i A M ASULATUM 
'it w a rm m n inn» 
B U I L T S M A L L C A R T H A N A T 
O R E T i R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 
’t r i U r l ll I W r - y k o f n k l , p p 
I ta , e tc 
51*88 * 1 6 5 )4 7 , a tta r 4 e t 
I w e asa n d * 

V M 
A i k ll il d B d * W u ife n " I ' C ~ - t a r . oood h r * * , 51488 Coll t o m 
-I I* p m . I I* p m 9 p m 7366973 

. T m y f l A T t a U f c y l 
I 1 # **4 

" i i ^ 
E u t ' ! f P P S . o u t# . B i ; 1. 
A M F M 6 t r a c k , m f d * 
7 1 6 7 3 6 1 , e x t 
1*2 A lta r I ti vw un 

716 W U U RIZ 
V, J iT O TsT ." T 

 m M* n m 

• n e '* — 8 

•ta 124 O w n* o o o d MWOt O il* m i i f i W i a t t i n r n m i 
'N f m t m L j m c P 
B t l law m s lim »i!M 
_ 
1174 HAI 124 SMH VR 

 t i l , 7*8 
N O R T H W O O D P O R ) * M S A U O ! 
122* M B L O O P i i i 
I t y M t t ________ t i M a r e d d a * B o d t o I i i t i l t i 
M N I na Mo *, o v a r y t a t t o r y ap l na a 
■ 
...................... b v t ? i u 
___ m m * 

 a f M o r c p d u i 3 5 o )8 p u b . p o w e r 

RN I K*8 
« m* Him. 

X 
74 45o SIL 

 t i I I M 
73 45o SE 

 tea**. Red 
J IJ H rn I 

 t a U M H 

 tiorwY i on im urn 

 a a a 
. i i 4 2 

 h o i >24 a f b 
T l T B V O n t i L lg A K T V 
Fully Loaded. lo w m i l o d f * 
Im 
( •(anent CALL OR kern 
Ti TflVftTl f IL 1/iTfl T 
23 

 t l f r 

.TO TflM ilW ----- 
B »>t a r f B b 
*T8 |QI8 ' n e w 

■I Kl Mi 
C o R t a t l 
B t! ii” 
DM# 
M m 

 i B A C E i f B f l t a BB 8» > 5fd . tar7 
' sta r mu r a d io ta w m ile s 
In w a r 
; r o o ty 
54775 4 )5 8 **5 o tte r 4 38 

: 1*74 to y e r# C e ttco » T , AM PM . 
I ta t fo o d h r * * , n o w c a r p e t a s t e l b n f 1 u n p in s i a n d»tiaa aacettoMt ta ta r tot e n d s i t a r b r 
82818 COR 
D a m sa *8 6 7581 4* 4 * 15* 

T I T a v e V r e K c . H 
I W 
I f f 
. 
) AM F M 5b r * o m o p * t i 888 tat 
I I s c ott* P l S I P 1**1 
Nos vin WralB W HA tm B B . BORR B ro o . M r 
■ M ta w o r k 
I H M rn 
422 H i t 

 r i n k r * r e i f T i S i i o r 
4 s i j a : e * . 1 o w o e r i n « | i 4 

H o o s s e n f e r i m m o c u b b c o n d ., 4 * 6 1788 o ft 5. j § | I : ( I 
TTTTW las ' with a7,— 
LIM B N E W 5 1 8 9 )8 2 2 58*8 
VW Eflttu N rliiit VW 
M B T r K m a ( T EM t i t 7427 
M 
I 
. 
I N S T A L L E D 
4 M O N T H ) Or i i i M I L E S 
L A B O E S T O C H U S E D P A R T S 
AAME B I C A N B O O C E N T E R 
M I2 8 o282M 

 v t'* > '• 
T 
T 
W 
T ii rn ti) 3347 

V W F ooJL w ck 
U e a t 
57*8 C*k 452 552* t f w n a g 
-cT 

 m d 
TTrsT 

 can 'd 

 ar 8**1 e t b r *91 : i i W 
T , . I L , . l 

B l i d w b r o s tut jm 

IIM 726*o28 ON 

 r n r w 
T T H T I * 

 c 'o n X lb r i 

LASSO 

A GOOD DIAL 

7 5 BONK CABIO, avn* 

 b e r ta . loaded 
. . 
M T S 

7 5 FlTMOtfTH Duster, pawer, ax, bk* new '2 8 v ’j 

7 3 UNCI I*Saba 6 o 
Mtawcutott 
. . . 
7 1 9 5 

7 3 FITMOUTH Iw w uta 

 coup*, batad . . . 7 o 9 5 

7 2 ( o U6 A I loaded . , * 1 9 9 5 

7 3 1o*o MO. I dew. 

 extra mc* 
1 9 9 9 

7 1 FIYMOUTN lum p, J 
6 hordbp, boded * 1 5 9 5 

7 4 GBI MUN I tax B u i 
19 ooo im mags 
* 1 4 9 5 

7 2 NOVA. J dew. 
. ‘ 1 4 9 5 

* Mony mon* ksm Rf opar U 
N f t M # 

3oo3 S.W. Mill I HT til ITM 
FTA-KAL, 

*75 
LINCOLN 
TOW N! CAR 

 l O A D C O , 3 3 , o o o 
M I L I S . 

$ 7 2 5 o 
CALL JOEL: 
OAT $ 3 4 -7 3 1 1 
NtOHT 3 4 9 -1 6 4 3 

CARS SOLD AT M IL IT A R Y DIO 
CO UN T) 
C ALL 
WOOOY 
422 1488 

IFT* IFOrd C o u n tr y le d o n s ta tio n w o d a n , l o a d e d . 
T o k e o v o r p a y m o m s. n o o o u rty 
COM E r m a p p 
; 
Go, nq 4 v * r s e a s . m u s i s k i f l Pin- lo , s t a n d a r d , n e w t ir e s a n d b a l b r y S U S * 4 7 6 )1 1 4 a tte r J 
T iii 6 ia's C o M os. I 1- A , I f B r U : l a k e e v e r p o y m e n t s , n e e a u it y 
COH E m w a t 2*71 jv u im w r i r c e iiiiifiN C 
L IN C O L N B I R T H D A Y 

, '7 1 M U IC H B L B C T R A L i m it e d 
" 
B l u e w i t h w h i t * t o e 
L e a d e d . 
2 *6 o o im 51985 1 * 5 6 8 1 l l 

71 ButcM E le c t r a 
P u tty lo o d i d . I t r a c k b e r a t e k , A M P M s le r o o . 
5288 B o ta w B o o k 896 4221 

75 M U ICH 8 S ta ir w o d a n , t s e a ts 

 a t m 
* ' X * . * * m 
X l i ' l i 
72 
B U I C K 
L e S a h r e . 
7 3 6 6 6 1 8 ; 8 2 6 M 7T e v e s 
5 * * 5 

711 

I T 
M 
W 
A mbo «to do r 

7* B u ic k L e V a b r e ♦ d o o r m o o s 

J Y H W K i * K » W 
______ 
74 B U I C K L T D . b o d e d , b o t e n d in e d , f o o d m n s a n g ________ 
Lilian 
. t a r t a n # 
’76 MCK 
A l a u d ! u u q ic. p oJ W . « r . c l 
FAA S ta r s o ta p e 

A ll o p t i o n s , r o ta Ob 8 n e d o n l 51958 4762842 

7 T A M C T B f r T ' U o u l W O .a n f^DKNW'r DIF# EWRS* WEMMI 
VtW" 

 t ) ) } f * 2 4 )6 2 4 4 ettw r 

T I U V U L I H 
E c o n o ita tc o l, f i r : ! s i p . 
I o w n o r 
I m m o c u i d t o 
I 
Id C rtR CQ l 11884 2416114 

M f i r o m lin ■ o r o ft ', e x t r a 
( b o n . lo w m i . 4 *4 l i l t d a y s ; 
8*6188* a tb r 4 

TFTf E r-, m U V l e v i s o o t c o v e r t . 

BBHH. I 
7TSG 

 rF tfS s 
Pm 

 l i r V T .'n ll o n t m , . SISO 
1788 or 
O M -174) c C t a L - L m 
I B U A B A 
W A Y - 1 C' 
' 
T ' 
C an se 

 c a l l 

I 
I H I 1 1 l l A 

' J K H * ' ' 

I 4 2 2 2 * 9* 

I t * . Od (til bdtter 1 
M H R 
8 Beta I i ) * * ) * 

M 
H 
T n i M 
O n 
I f f i S # 
! 
I H I % F I O R E ) 
S II IO U 
B o w e r t , 

 ta tty b d d o d . n e w t ir e s , b a t t e r y I t e e d c o n d i t i o n . 5 2 . 15* o r b o s ! a tta r 7 1 )6 4 7 7 

 a n y v i c w i w p i' i r o c i; p o w b r o k a c e n d e x k o u s t 
G o o d 
Body Hro o 58*5 t i t 

T E m K ." 75r e r ^ c ' . V " - > * v 
I taw m i 4 2 6 7o54 
"'w iA um rm :— 
G o a d c o n d it io n 8 5 6 7* 8 / 

64 K M U R U% 
4 s ta n d a r d G o a d b i .. 
474 » * i* 
’ ' I nor i i t a uT W a # BH, I M N R F . o k a u te m o n . 
8145* 1 4 6 7881 

 rn wick 
....... 
181 I 
I I............... . ,wHWfHBHHWBRta 
1^1 Rg$cR C9<HKf5#«i Lim*H4 CR* 

L S - t U - t i i l ___________ 
C e n lw iy 
V in y l b p 
A ll e o d e u t i t ) * 
C l o , • 

 sop !, u n d e r 
4.888 im. 
54995 
346545o 

741.76 RUCK 
H H O A L ) . B T o w n e r 
-74. lo w m il e O f f , t o ( ta OHS. I e n d e d . 11*85 
75 WMH ta w rn 1 le a p s m o o s 8 * 8 i# 8 d e d 
W IIK e x t r a s 
54151 
' » 
* * * ***9 * m i t l l t a B u ic k R i v b r a 
E x c e t t e m c e n d ilie n , ra d ia ls . I o w n e rs SOSO j g 7t»8 ta ta r 5___________________ 
IS M B U IC K R I V I E R A , lo a d e d . 
5888 1788 N i g rio m o ro 7 » 844i 
B uick 71 Sodw n e n* aw ner 
V a ry e b o n . N o w ro d to is M in i c o n d i h o n SI 18o ta m i i i ) CyieO ro 

71 B u ic k S k y la rk 
2 d r h o rd ie o 
• m o w arkite v in y l lo * . 18*8o8 
51858 41) 8 )1 1 
_______________ 

73 B uick S fc y b rk L ow m il* o d * f f V K i 
W Y r i lt llj: U T M L , 
78 B u i c k | k y t o r k G S 
N e e d s 
•svs. m ,m k?rri 
. 
MMM, tao/ MAMH 
* v t l tatar 54* d l l 

T 
I M C R t i p i $ I Z U 
1 5 m a n d a w n N o s e v e r y ta m o N e w 
Ii*KL 'n 
_asirj: !if,.t»il 
44 B u ic k W itd c d t 
A ir 

T O M K ID O 

There must be a red bon I'm #1 on the hate) force, my death are the beat any whore. 

O 
. R 
MITCHELL 

1 1 3 o B R O A D W A Y 

2 2 7 - 2 2 8 1 

/M CADILLAC________ 
74 CADILLAC BKliHR SEO i W . . a $ K W B fffh t y 8I 8 6 H ' 
I ( o d ittd c 
4* C o b b 
V e r y m c * tor 
; 514881 2 8 4 6 1 8 2 . 

5 * fT 
C a d i l l a c 
C o u p e 
O o V I L L B . 3 8 .8 8 8 m i lo s . B r o n d n o w M icH o tin h r OS. IN kN N M ulO l* c o n d i t io n 
W in o r o d WMB w h ile 
I a t t e a l s t r ip * en s id e a n d w h it* 
• i f c t r t i a t o * 
L d d d d d 1 
C e l l 

• a n t a ii 
S S f c i L m u s ts n t f f p 

 ynb 

S k y t o r * l * / | 
4 1 /9 5 
I i 988 a n . Oh b l b r y * s ir OS 
»(p h o n a l ta n * 494 11*8 

O B V I L L E t a l a 
S t a r * * , b o a 
** < 8 . a a p a w e r sw ats. MN wheat v in y l b o e tc 
A t i r o e b o n 
M u st 
Tau 
54*58 814 88U 

B 
I 
G 
G 
E 
S 
T 
I 
1 
I T 
S 

B 
R 
O 
A 
D 
W 
A 
Y 

CHEVROLET 

USED CARS and TRUCKS 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 d m a b v t a r 
■ 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
' 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

LINES 

DAYS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 I 9 7 7 

73o 743 • AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
LOW MILEAGE 
ONE OWNER 

4-speed, air, radio, heater, 

DATSUN W agon, 4- speed, air, radio, heater, 
1 3 1 3 ................................... 

PLYMOUTH Station 
Wagon, loaded, 1399. . . 

— 
GREAT 
EPICS 

A GREAT 
DOUBLE BIEL 
RELEASED 
- « - \ “ D E M O S ” ^ 
D I V U n i l T U Roadrunner r L l l T l v r U i n automatic, air, power steering, power brakes, radio, $ I 
1 3 1 7 ...................................... I 
“ 76 IMPALA SEDAN 
DEMO" STK. #6oo8o 
* door, (dor kryed seat belts, power doot locks, tinted glass, poem win dows. delu»e body side moldings, floor mots, dooi edge guards, wheel open mg moldings, four season ait (on droning, remote mirror, 3So V 8 turbo hydiamatK, til* steering wheel. lull wheel (overs, rodtol white stupe tues eionomindet gauge pock ope 
AM IM rodio, reot seot speokei. deluKe bumpers, bumper guards oui diary lights 
KST PKK] *64?? 
NOW 

“ 76 IMPALA CUSTOM 
COUPE DEMO” 
STK. #6o471 
? doot (olot keyed seat bells, tinted glass, deluie body side moldings, flooi mots, doot edge guards, foot seoson air conditioning, twin remote sport minors, turbo hydrostatic, full wheel covets, steel belted rodtol white stupe tues, electric clock. AM radio, bumper guards 
UST PRK! SAO?? 
NOW 

Automatic, air condi honing. 

77 IMPALA SEDANS 
* 
* i __,nUr Los/pd seat t 

LeSabre, loaded. 

74 VOLKSWAGEN 
Dasher, loaded. 

4-door, automatic 
71 DODGE 
IN ITS 13th 
BIG WEEK 

“ * 2 o o 
REBATE!” 

OVER 8o LIKE 

NEW PRE-OWNED 

CARS IN STOCK 

 lf y o u ’ll g o o u t o f y o u r w a y , w e ’ll g o o u t o f o u r w a y to p a y y o u b ack. 

 sHRYSLER- 
LYMOUTH 
/TTYJk 

CARLO COUPES 
THEY’RE STILL STANDING IN 
LINE 
FOR 
CHEVY'S 
$2oo 
REBATE— STARRING? 

VEGAS! 
CHEVETTES! 
MONZA TOWN 
COUPES! 

AN All STAR 
CAST! DON’T I 
MISS IT... I 
FEATURE ENDS " 
EEB. 28th! 

LOOP 41o AT CULEBRA 
6 8 4 -6 6 1 o 

DUE TO SMITH S MATURE PRICING POLICY, ALL PRICES 
INCLUDE DESTINATION CHARGE & DEALER PREP. 

INSURANCE & FINANCING ALSO AVAILABLE 
DOW NTOW N 
1221 BROADWAY 
2 2 3 - 4 2 8 1 
OPEN ’TIL 9 

NEW 4 
CYLINDER ENGINE 
77 GREMLIN 
JORDAN FORD’S 
TOTAL INVENTORY REDUCTION 

6 New AMC 2 Liter 4 
Cylinder Engine 

■ Fresh New Styling 

■ New Larger Rear Lift 
W indow 
■ New Buyer Protection 
Plan* ll 
ONLY 19 

1976 
NEW CARS 
LEFT TO 
CHOOSE 
FROM 

ALL 
DRASTICALLY 
REDUCED! 

BASE PRICE 
Also standard, 6-cylinder, Modal 465 
| 
‘ Plat Freight, Ta*, Title i licence 
P l AL KOM R A Y -AMC 

A M E R IC A N 
M i l SANPEDRO 
227-7511 
I M O T O R S 
1715 S.E. MILITARY DR. 
924 -7 351 

’7 7 THUNDERBIRD 
351 VB, A uto 
Tram , A M f M rte ie o , T /G la re , W it# 
WKt.trI C overt, D elu*** Bumper G ro u p , V inyl Body Sid# 
M tdg., W S W Steel Radial tire *, pow er M eeting, pow er broket. Stock « 2 TO I 

Starting At 
*77 LTD 2-DO O R 
4 o o V 8, Auto 
Trane, A /C o n d ., T /G k m , W heel co ve rt. 
Vinyl trim, Steel rodtol W S W twee, power fleer mg, power braker Stock # >899 
$136°4 

 et Cadillac eedan. to e d tram tporgtien, i/6o M2 t i l l , 812 W M 
I i Cadillac Sedan Dew ut#. SHM firm Calli M H H ) I 
____________ 
NEW DODGE COLT 

_ 
$ 3 3 8 5 

C A D ILLA C l l Sedan D e v ille , 
•lu e white, ti,M O milee. All Ce trae 
176oo by finale owner n e fete________________________ 
SOUTHSIDE 
414 S.W. Milnory Dr 
923 4566 

'63 Eolian 4-dr....................... 1 695 
71 Pant. Granville 4-dr. . . . *1595 
72 Nova 4-dr......................... *1595 
72 International Vt ton P.U. *1795 
75 Pinto Wagon.................. *2795 
7 4 Pinto 3-dr. 
......... ‘2395 
7 5 F-1oo Hangar X U 
*4295 
7 o Toyota 4-dr..................... • 995 
73 Comet 2-dr........................ ‘ 1995 
7 3 LTD 4-dr........................... ‘2595 
7 4 Maverick 2-dr.................. ‘2295 
69 CHEVY Vt ton Pickup . . . ‘ 1o95 
73 Cutlass 2-dr 
‘2795 
7 4 Impala 4-dr................... 
7o Pant. Catalina 4-dr.. . . . ‘1o95 

NORTHSIDE loop 41o of McCullough 
65 PLYMOUTH 4-door. . . 
71 CHEV Impala Coupe .. 
72 FORD LTD 4-dr............. 
7 o TORINO 4-door........... 
73 MAZDA Rotary........... 
72 NOVA 2-dr. 
......... 
7o Pont. Le Mans . . . . . . 
69 Chev. Caprice 4-dr.... 
'66 Chev. Station Wogon . 
’69 MUSTANG.................... 
74 MAVERICK 4-dr........... 
73 DATSUN P.U................ 
7 4 PLYMOUTH Duster .. 
73 SUBARU.................... 
7 3 OLDS Toronodo......... 

DOW NTOW N 
633 Se. St. Mery’s 
71 LTD Wagon.................... 
7 3 Pinto............................ 
7 3 Galaxie 4-dr.................. 
7 3 LTD 2-dr........................ 
7 3 Chev Caprice................ 
74 Gremlin........................ 
7 4 Pinto Wagon................ 
74 Chev Impala 2-dr.......... 
7 5 Pinto 3-dr...................... 
75 LTD 4-4r......................... 
7 5 Elite.............................. 
75 LTD 4-dr......................... 
7 6 Must.............................. 
7 6 Granada 4-dr............ 
7 6 Cordoba 2-dr................ 

227 1311 
. *1995 
. MB95 
. ‘2295 
. ‘2295 
. *3195 
. *2495 
. ‘2495 
. ‘3195 
. ‘2595 
. *3995 
. ‘4495 
. ‘4395 
. ‘4495 
. ‘3995 
. ‘5795 

J] Cadillac Sedan Deville Fully loaded - JI,OM miler Like Newt 
Cod M I M B S _________________ 
■it Cadillac Sedan Deville Load ed, including air th o rkt and d o ff ll tra ile r b ilc h n e v e r weed 
Leather fe o ff, white with blue interim I i too 6 ff eo/4 
_ 
Cadillac, ‘l l Very imm aculate! 
Low mdeoge V HO o n o u i t i COUPE O f V ILLI: SIMS 
Loaded, hi mileage, but nice car itF titl 
_________ l l Coupe D eville, J I,OOO m ilef 
Red, wbitg, cruife. lilt wheel. I owner INSP Ilk imp__________ 
/« COUPE DE V IL L I, LOM mi. t m # ar baft ewer o n o44J 

M y D o d g e T e a m is on the move. New 
76 Dodge Coils at f a c t o r y i n v o i c e 
I)lic e 
Sale ends feb 28. 

7 Deer (supe 
• I SOC Ct tugme a turn en Iffy loc Gat a Automatic 
Ttontrmttien • AM lek* a Wbrttudf Veil I Her • tucket 
Seen • Adfuflabi* Steering Column • Turfed Glare • One kgkef • M u m ddirel Covert____________________ 

11 COUPE D E V IL L E , loaded 
Who* Sacrifice, m o t a m a in 
IO U E L D O R A D O e ic e lle n l. loaded t i l MAI oner tP M m u m 
________ 
113o BROADWAY 
227-2281 
A t i EL D O R A D O . L ig h t b lu e 
While Vinyl Top. SIPPS By Owner h u s h 

'75 E L D O R A D O 
Loaded with n e e d ie r! P e rfect condition iff P X I 
I i ELDORADO 4*.toe mi new life r. e th o u tl ry rie m 
‘I t lag, e x ellen! t i LOO AAS 41 J* 
I i ELDORADO SHARP I 
MUST M u t t 141 IP U 

72 Cadillac Coups Deville 
Fir ti » i; sd err * * i * _____ 
74 Codirtuc Coupe Deville Very mc# t i MO miler SSlAf N J '-Md 
DOW NTOW N • 2 2 7 -1 3 1 I 
- n 
61 5 5. St. M a r y ’s 
& tC F ) P O M 
S 
J T ir* 
NORTHSIDE • 3 4 6 -8 3 9 6 f t r i f t 
> 
I f t / 
Loop 4 1 o u t M c C u llo u g h 
4 k L ilf £ x J*L 
SOUTHSIDE • 9 2 3 -4 5 6 6 
414 5 
M I,,tory o r* 

ON-1 HE-SPOT FINANCING • MOST UNITS AVAILABLE TOK EXTENDED WARRANTY 

72 CADILLAC DtVltU 
Sedan t x then! cand , mutt M e to appl enate t i t *414. I# P m ta 
W neon, OM HUI noon te IO ti rn l l C A D IL L A C 4 door loaded 
SJM needt to m * w ork, week- dayt. ttltttt 
___ 
■M C A D IL L A C EL DOR AOO figpd candil*** Ber) Reatunoai* eider t H I 4 IM 
_____ 
I t ;I (gddittt FiegtwuPd Brough pm O d leg u m e 
T#l#4 tu k u r*. 
MUM AM U M 

Id ta n ig rg HO t ROO • C attern painting, rid * m uffler t, e a u . wide ovalt AM PM, ne*dr miner renoir A C LePOl 4JS O U * 
_ 
Id CAMARO leaded 
Only S4,dM nu UAM n il BrgoRwfy 
UIJXI* 
Ad C am ar A Rally Sport. M t i t . new toPerR engine U M H * ti Caprice One Owner. CpradpBv maintained landed 
HAAS m u m 
________ 

197$ CAPRICE SEBO 
A d ear V I automatic air, power, vinyl reel Speed N Cr atte I /Au* miter 
.............. 
SIMS 
JAMISON M iff Se pain I U IH I 
AT C H E V IL L E J doer hardtop. aute. VS. loam heater, ted* tm ani1* ! y jg & H ll* ti l i 
. l l Chovoiio Lagune Type l l 
A u l* . power, air. AM PM c at- te«e vin yl lap t J / M Od* *tav 

'78 tLORABO 81/5o l*/4 P M e While Coup* Deville. 
I aw ner, e s c e lie n t condition. loaded. 41 PM otulal miler tw ig 
Pinch 
Funeral 
Heme 
Niean. f U - l i F i m ___________________ 

Magniticenl All e ilrp r Sun.aul, tape fie lit ATH 
______ __ l l FLE ET WOOD Cadillac En o tte ni condition se to u t t u t 
LE AV INO TO WM. M u ll Sell Im m ediately! ‘A* Buick L e to b re 
SAIS 
Al Ca WM ac SAAS 
Ad Dndpe 
Van M U Alt * *c«ti*n i running condition A ll H U 

 edrtera 
»«ei/»wktte — 
-I- -Av* *•'«»■ eau ■ • sh, >««« * - * www* 
— 

P a g e 
4 -E 
S a n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y F e b r u a r y I 2 1 9 7 7 
* 
__----------------------j- 
73II7« MITMMtlUS 
738-743 tilTOMOBIUS 
7317743 • NtnHMtiiiS 

73o 743 MIToM88IUS 
738 743 AUTDMOBIliS 
73 
73o 743 tUIOMOBIt 
73o743 
73o743 MITOMWIIiS 
73o 743 MTBHnmi; 

Welcome to your San Antonio Buick Dealers 

BUICK 

Round-Up 
Sale 

You’ll find Great Savings on a Corral full of , p L 
LeSabres, 
Centuries, 
Regals, 
Specials 
Skylarks 
Skyhawks 
BUICK 

Buick V-6 Brand engine 
Top performer 
Great fuel economy 

Special Bonus 

When you buy a 1977 Buick equipped with a 
V-6 engine from your San Antonio Buick 
Dealer during this V-6 Round-Up sale, you’ll receive absolutely free a signed Clay McGaughy print of Western Art See this collection now on display at your San Antonio Buick Dealers. 
LIMITED AVAILABILITY 

Charles Orsinger Buick Co. 
45oo San Pedro 
734-4221 

Spires-Douglas Buick Co. 
5o1 Broadway at McCullough 
226-1361 

22-HOUR SALE 

Sale starts Saturday, 8 :o o a .m .— Ends M onday, 8 :o o p.m . These cars must and w ill be sold by 8 :o o p.m . M onday a t some price. 
A FEW EXAMPLES 

O M i’ t E T I 
I. V U O H I 
O ’ O . 
^ T o d a y ’s Best Offers 

. 
W 
* t 
.. j 
/ r f 

7 1 T O Y O T A torana Mart ll Hardtop caup# ..................* 8 9 5 

1 . . C l i n t o n t a * * " Rotan. 4-dr. 4 speed, air ran 
/ 3 J U B A K U anonad 
................................. ............. 

7 4 T O Y O T A ' E g 
Z 
J 
T 
. ? 
? 
* 
? 
* 
M M S 

7 3 M A Z D A R X 2 H c o J rite M d 
* 1 o 9 5 

7 5 C M C Va T O H * % 
£ & 
? . 
* 
* 4 2 9 5 

7 2 C H E V R O LE T P IC K U P / i S i d 
* 1 7 9 5 

7 5 M U S T A N G c * - s a n d e r . * rand, r a d * . . . . . * 1 7 9 5 
• v c C A M I tran Torino station wagon, paw*', automatic, . . . . . 
7 5 F W D 
.com m oned 
* 3 1 9 5 

7 4 F O R D Tara* s*hon wagon, pawar, automatic otr ... * 2 3 9 5 

7 6 IM P A L A 
* 4 2 9 5 
. . . t r \ a r \ 
M u * '“VC radon, pawar. automatic, att 
, , 
/ / r U K U cond.hontd..................................................... * 1 o 9 5 

7 2 V W B U S A rara* an candtti.ntd 
................... 
* 2 1 9 5 

7 2 C A P R IC E 
— * • 
" ' i g 9 5 

7 4 M O N T E c a r l o S J T . S 
J 
T 
" ; — 
> 3 4 9 5 

7 4 F O k D 
9 **#f' oulamatic, aw can s j ^ g *, 

7 o T IM P E S T Pontiac hardtop, caupo. automatic* 9 9 5 

7 5 M A L IB U ^ 
M ^ • P po**' autamqiK, ^ 
^ ^ 

1 . . U A U , VI caupo, hdKhbo*. powai. auiamotic, aa 
_ i i N U V A condition** 
................................................... * 2 2 9 5 

7 3 C U TLA S S J S 
E u f * . T 
: 
* 2 * 9 5 

7 2 M O N IE a * L o 
I ” 
" ” 
* 2 ) 9 5 

1 9 . b i ii / - it Century Luiui hardtop, coup*, air can- 
_ 
7 3 B U IC K (Shorted, stereo top. 
* 2 9 9 5 

7 5 N O V A t i Sedan, aw conditioned, pawer, autamatK. ‘ 2 7 9 5 

•T C Ad I K T A U U l l 
Hardup coup*, 
# 2 m u J I P F l u l l autamatK. oh conditioned. p*w*r. 
. * 
_ 
Rara .............................................................. 
7 7 . 
* 3 7 9 5 

7 o M O N T I C A R IO 
Pawar, autemanc, tm . .. ........... * 1 3 9 5 
. . . 
. » 
Supreme Iraughta* hardtop caup*, pawer, 
7 6 U lT lA S S automat*, ow 
* 4 9 9 5 

1 2 ,o o o M IU OR l l M O N TH "M O TO R S IN S U R A N T 

CORP." 
M fC H A M C A l 
M S U IA N C f 
C O V IR A G i 

A V A IL A B lf ON M A N T O f OUR 7 4 OR MFW t i M O D U S 

FEBRUARY USED CAR SPECIALS 
75 GRAN MARQUIS wJwX 
’•P. urn'roof aN power, air, fully loaded, power s c A O ft window power snots. 31,925 miles....................... 3 4 Y U 

‘229o 

 s235o 

*6 89o 

‘3o9o 

72 MONTEGO MX tftS H Z vinyl top, 42,2/2 miles, ail pawer and air, AM PM stereo....................................................................... t w g ILI TY?f*I ID Y Comat, 2-door, medium blue. 
7 3 m C K v U K T white Vinyl top, radio, auto­ matic, power steering, 8 cylinder, air, 42,1/2 miles 
) w p 1 a i Continental 
4-door sedon, 
7 5 L I N L U L N Mack, Mark vinyl top, red leather interior, 2/,8oo miles, all power ond air, fully loaded, I owner.............................................. 
I * . D I i i / * ! / !-e ^ ,bre Luaus. 2-door, blue, white 
/ 4 D U iV .K vinyl top, radio, automatic, power steering, power brakes, 8 cylinder, air, 39,993 miles........................................................................ i . r u r n c i m y Grond Marquis, 2 door, whit* 
7 5 f u lC K v U K T with white vinyl roof, power windows, power soots, stereo tape, one owner, 
43,922 miles...............................................................4 7 TW i v . E f t C f i *ono*r ‘ CT Pickup, automatic, Dower 
7 5 r U K U steering, power brakes, ow, 24,519 S ^ Q I^ Q 

’ T C l A O n ^fnn Torino, 
2 door, light green, 
7 5 P U K 17 radio, automatic, power steering, power brokes, 8 cylinder, air, I owner, clean, 
51,oo6 m iles............................................................ /W U 

 r u c t i o n ! ET LUV PickuP' yellow' 9°ld- 
7 4 U l t V K U L c l * speed, 
4-cylinder, oir, 
. . . . . 
35,/ o? m iles............................................................ //V U 

7 3 OLDSMOBILE automatic, power steer j . < . . ing, power brakes, otr, 62,958 miles....................... Z o 5 U 

7 5 CONTINENTAL SS i f t 3 

* 8 1 5 o 

 vinvl 
AM/FM stereo tap. speed control, black leather interior, one owner, 4o,238 miles......... 
Elite, medium metallic blue, dark blue f 
C A D f \ cimn, mwium ftwtoiiu utue, aan oiue 
/6 rUKU wnyl top, AM/FM stereo, automatic, S J Q Q ft power steering, power brakes, 14,1/4 m ile s 
4 W 
U 
76 MERCURY 
Couaar XI-/, Red, led Landau vinyl tog all power and ow, 
■■I.nvwn • vinyt nip. an power ana air, i . . . . 
AM-FN stereo tape, 22,ooo miles........................... 4 W 
U 
• T A I m r A l l l ? ^ oof coup., blue, blue vinyl 
7 O LINLULN top, blue loather interior, fully looded, all power and oir......................................... i w / a i n r Cutioss Supreme, 2 door silver, red Ion 
7 o U L U ) dew 
*719o 

 vinyl top, 18,ooo miles, all power and air AM FM Rereo ta p *..................................... 4 W 
U 
Delta 88, 4-door radon, green, all power and air, Clean................ 
74 TRIUMPH K U r ^ :.: 
71 OLDS 
*125o 
*279o 

Our Goal? “ No 
I 
Al rn 
IL 
Unhappy Owners" l l NORTH 
9 2 o 7 SAN PEDRO ^ l l la 
PARK 
(I Wk. North 
I of loop 41o) 
\ 
341-8841 
L in c o l n •MERCURY 

 cadillac! 

3 1 /LEXIN G TO N 
226-7221 
12,ooo M I . / 12 M O . 

CADILLAC VALUE 

PROTECTION PLAN 

SERVICE AGREEMENT 

ON MOST 7 7 , 7 6 , 

7 5 , and 7 4 M O D E L S ^ 
CADILLACS 

7 7 ‘S 
S 
K 
‘ 1 1 7 o o 

7 6 S 
V 
'1 o 5 o o 
BROUGHAM 

/O dE liG A N C E t i I O C A 
14.ooo rn Brown I I 5 5 1 1 
, _ Z BROUGHAM SEDAN Sa a c A 
76 32 OOO mi White *995o 
COUPE DeVIUi 
$ ® r o f t 
/ 6 
36,ooo rot Green 
o 5 Y U 
ELDORADO 
7 6 CONVERTIAf 
S 1 4 Q C A 
13.ooo rrv White I 5 V 5 U 
SEDAN DeViliE t j e o n f t 
7o 38,ooo mi White . 
O O Y U 
CALAIS SEDAN 
/ O 
23,ooo nu Beige 
, , , COUPE DeVIUi 
7o 19,ooo nu Gold . 

7 6 S c r y 
*1o85o 

* 7 A (oUPt °*V IU i 
6 Q O C A 
7o 14,ooo mi Ivory. 
Y o 5 w 

, 7 , COUPE o.VIUE 
I Q C Q f t 
7 6 13,ooo rn White 
V O V U 
ELDORADO 14,ooo 
7 5 miles, Rosewood 
ELDORADO 
24.ooo mi Blue 
ELDORADO 
24.ooo mi Silver 

*815o 
*969o 

*899o 
*869o 
*865o 
(ROUGHAN 23,oooc o r a a miles, Roby Due 
OO YU 
BROUGHAM 
Why drive an economy car that looks tike a closed little box? 
Drive the wide-open 

M G M i d g e t S p e c ia l 

7 5 miles, Sh 
, 7C outs 
75 29,ooo mi Hue . 
, 7 - SEDAN DeVIUi 
7 5 29,ooo mi Orange 
, . c SEDAN DeVlllf 
7 5 36,ooo nu Green 

* . £ ” ’ 8 2 9 o 
COUPE 

8 BITISH 

With these extras FREE. 
FREE: AM/FM radio. FREE: Wheel trim rims. 
FREE: Luggage rack. FREE: Special striping. 

Now, for a limited time only, the MG Midget 
Special comes with these free ex­ tras. Plus all the tun of driving a lean, responsive wide-open sports car 
Mft? 
MG Midget. The lowest-priced true sports car is even a better value now. 
* 4 2 8 2 * 

*715o 

*795o 

*769o 

’ 7 A CoUPt D#vlui 
B A Y O f t 
/ 4 45,ooo mi White 
6 / Y U 

I T T COUPE DeVIUi j a n Q f t 
7 3 49,ooo miles, Gold 4 W 
U t w a COUPE DeVIUi 
( n i a a 
7 U 69,ooo miles. Gold 1 1 Y U 

• A A CO" V*#TI,Lf i O / O f t 
6 6 38.ooo nu. White 
/ 4 Y U 
OTHER MAKES 

 i T e OLDS DELTA 88 
/ 6 
SEDAN 13,ooo 
, C J A A mites. Blue . . . . 
5 4 V U 
, 7 Z COUGAR 18,ooo 
$ C 7 C r t 
/ 6 mites, Blue 
........ 5 7 5 U 

7 5 S V * 4 9 9 o 
, 7 - v * surf tu n a t o * o n 
7 4 22,ooo mites, Mu* Z 6 Y U 
IW Z BUICX ELECTRA 
7 4 COUPE 43,ooo 
JO J C A miles. G reen.... 4 4 5 U 

, 7 o MONTE CARLO j n - j c f t 
/ 4 14 OOO ml Green 
4 J 5 U y7 <% OLDS 98 COUPE 
J O o - f c 
7 3 26,ooo mi, large. 
3 4 7 5 

•tw iuM i Tai, TM* A license 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
|OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA 

 o r 2 
2 
7 
- 4 
2 
8 
2 

THE H U S OF SPORTS CAR A C T IV IT Y ' 

I 8 
2 
o 
B 
R 
O 
A 
D 
W 
A 
Y 
2 
2 
2 
- 9 
1 
2 
1 

NEW ond PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 

O p e n M o n .-F rl. 8 A .M . 
T o 6 P .M . 
S a t. 8 A .M . to 4 P .M . 

O.R. MITCHELL 
I 
SHoP ,NDoQRS I 

D ependant 
C hrysler/Plym outh 
B T M CIEVWUT 

2 8 o o B ro o d w a y 
USED CARS 
822-3341 

* 1 3 9 5 H I 75 CHRYSLER SS!” pow er, like new 

 air i o d io, cond!- hearar, ‘4895 

 t f C r LAD V C I CD N #w P ° rt 
2 -door hord- 
/ 5 L n R I H I K top, vin yl to p , air cond , i o n n c radio, heater, pow er, a ir....................................3 Y Y 5 
IYC DI VIA Al ITU Pury* *'do°f' auto- 
7 5 i i I m UU I ll matte, radio, heoter. ow cond , e *tro clean 

7 5 FORD 
‘3695 
AAustana, vin yl to p , ootom atic, radio, hr a ir cond , like 

 i w a I I U / * A l l l C o ntinental M ark 
7 3 L I N L U L N pow er, air, fully ped Real N ic e ................................ 
M alibu, 
2-dr 

‘3595 
V , all 
#qu'p‘.*4695 

1 7 m y i i r w y M alibu, 
/-a r. 
H d tp ., ston- 
7 4 L n l V T dord, rad to, heater. 
Real • • • • • c le a n ................................................................ 2 I 95 

17 a A l A C I O R O N A D O 2-dr hdtp ., rad- 
7 / U l l / 5 to, heater, all pow er, air con- j dition, Real d e a n 
.................................... 

• 7 2 P A I I T I A /* ^ ,on 
Pr' “ 
J* bucket 
/ J r U H H U L seats, console, a ll pow er, 

73 OLDS ^ J £ h ^ » « S r *2395 
7 3 FotD ^ ,o T S r ^ 
‘2195 

1695 

1995 

' 7 2 C A D A O ran Torino Station w agon, 
7 3 r U K U vinyl interior, outom atic, 
' o il to, heater, air cond 
.............................. 

1 7 7 na V A A A l I T U ^ tte llite Custom Sto 
• 3 r l l l f l U 
U 
I n ttonw ogon, rock, f M t f t r outom aric, radio, hooter, a ir 
, 
/ I Y 5 
• T D r U D V C I C D N e w p o rt Custom 4-dr. 
7 / L H K T 5 L C K H dtp., all pow er, foe- 

 rodto. to ry otr . , 
• 7 7 a u v GREMLIN, standard, 
7 5 A IW L heater, clean 
............... 
•69 PLYMOUTH am cond matte. 

‘ 1295 outo- heater, j 
9 9 5 

734 CNEVRMfT 
?34 CMfVRfllfl 

Y 4 ? t 

Ai CHM VY 4 O r. I owner curara! 
I.«»?.!«_____________ 
■61 Chevy ti. 4 cyt etendard. teed cond. >491 514-898*____________ 
CHEVY Ii NOVA Wonted ieee er tn t, ti ira ** 

12oo BLOCK BROADWAY • 223-428 i 

 t * / l tmpatn, aam e doer, nard too. fully tautened, eatra clean iie e j ess Tiei n i m po * o Like new. new sticker, alate*, tire* SUSQ i m tee! 
M impala I st ai waaen Power, 

1 9 7 4 CHEVY IMPALA $ 2 9 8 9 i i IMPALA i i Air newer, mot wheel* sea* iit-ese i l l Imeela Wanon, 54,i 
734 CNEVRtUff 

Chevaila Meithu weaan le t}, 
»tiara, clean 
Small V I. air, 
I P9**er si eta-net cath 4}»-l4«» l l C havalit lee. ■ Standard. 
HtPuiit motor Need* paint tire* will let et far sets. le i SSI}, ie a rn 3 a rn 

T H - P K T f flU 

COUPS Slack witti white vinyl met Aute, air, ISO. V I, tilt wheel 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
POSO SOUTHSIDE 
IH I S W Military ti* en; ie/} CHS VY IMPALA, automatic, power end air call 
Woody 

Ft* Cheven*, your wit* will lev* immaculate t pas* weaan t i tree 11.RER nu esedate i 

I ’ 7 7 G M C Roily STX, 15 posssngsr Sue, loodsd, 3,ooo milss ... LIST NEW ... $8966...JUST 
........... * 7 4 o 8 

TINDALL AND SON DONTIAC-CMC 
39oo San Pedro ★ Open Evenings ★ 736-1565 

 et Chay ll* I doer hordloa V t, e e h e>>-i t l l let) Chavreiel « dear. V I, nu 
• y " ? ^ 
_____ 
*91 Chevre!#! Untold Custom caupo V-8, newer Hctery air, lew m il*#*# I ecaplianaily clean lit* } will trade et} M i] 

 ll lets Chavreiel imaoi*. 4-dear, itenoard. V I, vinyl reel air. hastor. radio. SIM My Owner 
C s im -llH ar 6oM 6M _______ 
74 Choyralel Manta Carlo IM , ii Ptomain lull pawer, factory air. vary law miles#* Lot* et adret tm * Win trade M H M !________ 
71 CHEVROLET MALIBU jjgARga lu r? in ti CHBVMOLET MALIBU IH M 
HcrihcaMUCviehra 
74 Chevret*! Nave V I, automa he, pawer, factory mr Hew lira* 
Biceeheneily clean l i l t } will f r s i A . 9 i j . a u 

■Ti 
CHE' 

All- >*41 

7 } CHEVY IC LAIB 8'.' 4-dOdr 
Sedan, law mtlee** Clean! tu t* 
[S u m 
* __________ 
*S Chevy Sal Air 
TI IM an* new hra*. ated candirian lei 49*1 l EEI^ewweraemi .. . i yowwwpw 
71 Chevy Bisauane Silver, need* 
O IL A it H I* ----------- 
1*34 
CHEVY 
C H E V I L L E 
WAGON leaded, newer, air Call 
£ * 4JL >4f/__________ 
CHEW 41 Clean. HI SIM cash. 
I f D M it ll Chevy I deer aute, air. hast 
I ISA.IMI. 
Chee wesen * 
TS CHEVY, 4 daar 
_____ ess tin 
Euneaaad* VS. aula 113-434* 

VV 
IM P A LA , law I rn M ane, peed cand , l i t 11 ll aw e 
46 CHEVY IMPALA. Tdaar. cu* 
[ lam, 113, *ood candirian 
( 3M 
68S-MW i 
Chevy Neva 7 S Pawer, air, aute 
IM, V I S W I 4IS 33es ar lls IM I 
'/I Chaw Molly Nova 163 cu '< new cark, oreeture plate, clutch, 
•hiew tut b e a rn n e New tire*. 
I m ot* Very clean M utt te m 
Sleet Attar I m u l l __________ 
1*34 CHEVY VEGA 
Coll Ore* a t i m ---------------------------------------- p‘34 Chevy Vc** GT Caua* hatch hack, air, trick shift. 
HHS, 
; m t' iii------------------------------------- 
74 CHEVY Waeaa, I seat* pawer stearin*, h ra ka t, s ta r**, air 
♦H .11I L » '- ♦ ? »________ 
Clean 1*34 Used Cart Al 
EUOGET SENT A CAR 14* 444] 
I i * HJ L 
* \ j r A M S ! ! 1 'lP 
31 EL CAMINO, power, air. iii tome tit IM V I. lfl*S Atter 3 PM 
M D II ll- 
___________ 
31 Impala Custom Ca* Pull paw ar, I owner. Si 1*1 74 Impala 
4-dr full power, lin y 111 **«] l l IMPALA I door, I t l l coll 
*8XZ3L M 1 * . » ________________ 

IHS AC HON NUMtlt ion I asi aisuus ti ACI ro u e WANT AO in im* la n a is* n iw s 
CAH l i t ieee 

A ear, pawar hrekes. tlaorina. cruise cenlroi. clean H IH 4** 341* 
'N UALIiU CLASSIC------ 
I KJdedl, Ilk* IMW 
STAHMANN TEAILSE SALES 
IN M. I im north et Bearn* 

■IS Manta Carlo Burpundy, load­ ed Like new inside and oui 
NtShH ; 14* IQM. 
Monte CaFTaTTotTdf.i o»k for 
Oovid 431-4521 421-11*4 
'N Menlo Corlo ^uily loaded 
StSO equity ond take up payments ar best atter 514-1411; 411-oo56 
V? Monte Carlo Loaded fecal tan! cand S14oo ar best ofter ill* 
Santa Monico, 734-76o6_________ 
Monte Carlo ‘ii . flit steering, swivel seats, loaded 4**1116 after 4 p m. 
TX & i n iA iC S 3* 
Loaded 
SHOO or best ofter *3172*o 
J 
M ont* to rlo 
Loadedl". 
341 4134; 14* *41* ofter I. 
1*/S M6 k lA , low miles 
Coll 
Woody *11-1446 
73 M erna Town Coup* V I, pawer, air, automatic New tires. 
14.oo6 nu OHIO or beet often 
*74-1144 otter 3 IO y* Monro V -l, all power Air'. am PM stereo s ii* s 
C ont. 
4*4 4 5 IS a tta r 4 
'Fs MONIA i i i Vary cloen, OU?. tomotu. air, best otter 4»} lie; 
Bovina1 Must sell f* Chevy M on-t 
IO, V -6, oir, power *t*e rln e .3a 
4-speed, radio, paid SHOO, s e llin g 
*346* 4H -M o4 ava* 
^ l+f* MUSTANG, automatic, a ir^ t rodto, 
Vinyl roof 
Call 
O v i_ 
433 144?_______ l l H NO\/A, 4-door, aulomotlc&T pawer, air Call O v 433 1 447 
T 

I l l No. > Lauded 53oo6 * 3 1 ISSI tkt 333 before I. 45 * 3o7o otter Is 
'N Nova SS, law mlleaao, must sell. COH atter jam 444-3431 iftU V k ilO E or Miati'find Hills. 
Car Saeclal* Come by or call 
211-o411 Herschel Flog* 
Y oS T ovor eavm tnls en 
74 
NOVA Ha equity Coll 614-Ottt ask tar Pred, otter I *11-3151 
I Yak* aver payments on ’l l 
Comoro No aquity. Coll o14-14o* 
I ask tar Dennis Atter I at nit* call 
I 454-411) 
I 
Tok# over payment* on 14 Nova. 
I no equity Call o14-1**4 ask tor 
Dennis 
After 
* at 
'nit* call 
*54-4111 
TT*i V I. Auto " Ik e v e ll* »ss« 
454 3*63 after ) PM 
---------------71 V I 6 A a t --------------- coll *14-41 ll 
TT v.ao 6 T Matchlock 4 >pd" air, AM PM, vinyl interior Low miieose Clean 4*4 1134________ 
'N v l o i Hatchback, aula, ne equity, toke up payment*. Call 
Bandy 4* t moi________________ m 
Veta. '/4. Tlalchback Air, au- ** tomotu low mr IO mpg One • owner. Mutt sell | I 5»5 616-4144 
4 l l V t 6 A Xommbock. t ip**?) * air. MIS 44I-S6A4, 441-4141 in *e. I mr. norm av Boerne 
T I Iii A I Ji""n ii. 
B T I BOX til, S A Phan* lie 1414 
Ti VEGA Station Wagon Low 
'r a r a mHesSB- Attar s, 

 r ckup LWB. eMans, * 11*17 

OPEN SUNDAY ll 5 F M 

76 MALHI! CLASSIC 
A Oeautyt Vinyl roof, spoke wheels Like new 
*4lvs 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
IH I S W Military *11 4317 

■ii M alib u' flo ssie 
A rial nol owner must sell Slue mid white 
Beautiful! ll * 76*o 
Bolibu F H W o 'n U t V I air power 
Clean 
Oeoendoule tronsporlotion Low net t io4o to liquidate ISIS Luteum 
M ' MaUu~'Vi: Bower air! o"uf“ X r _ 
AM PM 533oo 4*o-MIO, 715 71o3 rr r U t * T T l i 7iV H i E n ,,,'.' ; 
OOOGE 
Mahoeany Wood, Beige Landau! 
I Top Call 454 cf 24 
■f4 M ONTET T 8 l"o la n d a TT super loaded with tope deck make otter MT 1o1* 
T n w r a r r a M K 'fl. r» a i nice 
53*41 call 341 !« ))■ 
I I ' '"M S UY f 

, 7 1 'V Io a iliOA,' flick ik lff, "hi a e * rad, block intariar. good condition 341 ) 544 
N Veao Wagon TW I 
TFTord 
SUOS 71 Pontiac 
196. And* C arr 
4SA-7471,' 73* IH I 
H VW Dasher We aaa ^-Jr , am PM siarad, air, crulto control, lug rack low mi., oatro clean 
I V * 5414 
?3i ennui wb "na, 
--------- -U THS 
DODGE VANS ^ 
DO OGE ANO GMC PICKUPS 
” 
•IS Ne Main. Boerne 14* 3544 
* 
DIRECT LINE 11*5515 
* 
Jay Gorren Sales Manaaer 
“ 

— w c H i v i L i f c i m — 
2 
454-247o * 
7 T7 lr y s l.r J .r J .k e V I. OU * 
•aneartf, bower, factory air, tope deck, cruise control 4o-46 leather interior, an* awner vary la w . m iles*# Like new t 44oS w ill trode *13 HOI 

F A IL 6 7 fu ll y equipped includes power, air 
1*15 
*S%hnun<tne available 
22444)o 
1 T RB IITI e iB L d . Vinyl leo 
__________ elartb, air. bower, rally# 
H Chrysler teew Vorkar ijia n wheels, radials MSM 114o4o* 
Will Trad* tar 4 wheel Drive 
~ W5 |*Tk~7 X1 L 8' "7 f landau 
VafKt* 11* 5443 
New oil#meter buttery brokes 'TI thrytler N*wp4r|. T /r hard 
6*4411* 
_____toe Bac ellen! cand 411-1o14^ 

MR. 
GOODW RE 
SERVICE SPECIALS good at Floras St. Location only. 
SAVE A FIST FULL 
OF DOLLARS ON OUR 
STOCK AND RODEO 
ROUNDUP SALE 

Notchback, 4-speed, a ir... #P154 

73 CAMARO standard, air I. . # 1133A 

74 CHEVROLET 

ON AL '76 & 77 VEGAS, CHEVETTES, LUV’s & MONZA TOWNE COUPES. 
You will receive a check for $ 2 o o from Chevrolet, lf you wish, this can be a p ­ plied toward your dow n paym ent. So hurry in and take ad vantage of this m oney-saving opportunity while our selection is good. 
75 CHEVROLET 

Chevrolet 
Vt ton Cheyenne, auto matic, air ... # 8838A . *4495 
75 CHEVROLET 

225.65o1 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

N O N CO M M ERCIA L! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RAU CHANGE 
LINES 
DAYS 

San Antonio EX PRES S N EWS— Saturday february I 2 1977 

/3J74MOToIIoBIUS 
73o 7434UToUSBIUS 

Lot us recondition your air conditioner. 

GAS SAVERS 
om am C 
— ammmmmamrnmm \ . 4SN-'j 
<o U 
A 9 pius parts 
W P if required. 
Well recharge the refrigerant, check the entire system for leaks, check all hoses, adjust all belts and check the system for proper output, add necessary oil to compressor if needed. 
G M CARS ONLY 
KEEP THAT 
GREAT G M FEELING 
WITH GENUINE G M PARTS 
VALUABLE CO U PO N 
[OFFER ON SERVICE SPECIALS EXPIRES FEB. 28th.) 

4-door, automatic, air, 49,ooo miles 
.. # 9 9 9 A ................................ 
2-Door Coupe 

4-door, automatic, air, 36,ooo miles 
. . . # P 1 4 4 . .............................. 

COOLING SYSTEM 
TUNE-UP 
$o25 

Hatchback, automatic, air 
# P 1 o 9 ............................. 
*2595 

# o 1 o 8 7 
1. Check System For Leaks. 

2. Tighten And Check All Belts 
And Hoses. 

3. Check Antifreeze Level. 

4. Test Radiator Pressure Cap. 

5. Add I Gal. Antifreeze if needed. 
GM CARS ONLY 
VALUABLE CO U PO N 
[OFFER ON SERVICE SPECIALS EXPIRES FEB. 28th.) 

2 5 o 6-cylinder engine, stan dard transm ission, w indshield antenna, h e avy -d u ty radiator,, vinyl bench seats. 

2 5 o 6-cylinder engine, stan dard transm ission, full , w heel covers, w indshield antenna h e a v y duty radiator. 
73 CAMARO 
#733A 

 standard, air, 5,3oo miles 
# 3 o 1 A ...................... 
’76 CAMAo 
TRUCKS AND VANS 

Wind Von, automatic, air 
# 3 1 1 A ...................... 

DRUM a 

Remove water log greose, pack front Wheel hearings and check Front and Rear brakes, odd broke fluid. 
CHEVROLET CARS ONLY 
4*WHEEL DRIVE VEHICLES EXTRA 
VALUABLE CO U PO N 
(OFTER ON SERVia SPECIALS EXPIRES EEB. 28th I 

Vt ton Pickup, automatic, air, 32,ooo m iles... # 8 6 3 1 A ....................... 

CAUS AND TRUCKS AT 19o1 BROADWAY 

>3oo to $5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

* ^ _ 
NEW 
" r 
77 C O U G A R BROUGHAM 

W HO LlSJkif TO TM I PUBLIC 

73 TOYOTA? to .....................*14' 
74 MAZDA Staten wagon................*171 
72 FORD Squirt Wagon 
...... 
‘ICN 
7o DATSON 
1 I 
72 GIANO FMX 
‘It 
72 IMPALA ? t o .................... *7 
71 OPEL ?to 
‘ I 

•7 2 W V I I 1 A 
.............................................. MS 
74 PONTIAC Sto 
M I 
74IMPALA «to 
M7 

7 2 I M P A L A 4 t o 
V 
M D 

7 2 P O N T I A C S t e e r 
M O 

7 1 R N ® 
Wagon 
.............................. M 
I 

7 
o 
T O M N O ? t o 
....................................... 1 6 
73 B A M B U K 4 t o 
.................................. 
1 » 

7 1 I M P A L A 4 t o 
...................................... 
M O 

' A t O L D S l l 4 t o 
....................................* A 

74 LTD (nuatry Squire 

75 GRAN TORINO wagon 

HU VY CARS 

76 CHRYSLER teleport Custom 4 4l 
9 OOO milos 

7 6 CADILLAC Cm** M * , 
M M I w ill 

76 THUNDERBIRD ? * >ato 

7 2 T O * O H A D O J d. 

72 PONTIAC 2 4. 

72 BUICK (•atunon J 4r 

73 BUICK Iimrto J d* 

72 THUNDERBIRD 1 4. 

73 GRAND PMX 

73 CADILLAC (**• Dev*. 

74 BUICK (twtra 77S. Cdr ..... 

*3395 

‘3995 

^ Autom atic Transmission 6 Factory Air 
* Pow er Steering 6 Pow er Brokes 
+ Tinted G lass 6 3o2 V-8 
6 W hiteside wall Radiol Tires 

R a d i o 
„ — w\ 
M ony More Extras ir 
. 
STOCK o37119 

SPORTS CARS 

75 CORVETTE 7 to 
73 CORVETTE (anvwtibi# Caup# 
75 FIAT Spelt! (imvafttaia Coup* 
73 MG (onvarttaU Coup# 
74 MG GenreiiibU Coup# 
76 FIAT X-19 (ooYtrttW# 

•4995 

‘•995 

*6995 

M99D 

M29o 

M69o 

•3495 

*2I9'J 

*3295 

•4395 

•3595 

STATION WAGONS 

75 LTD Country Sgune 
72 VOLKSWAGEN Im 
73 VOL VT U S Wagon 
74 FORD 

INCLUDES FREIGHT 
AND DEALER PREP 

 lim * tNciNfuao „ 21? 

“ YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FRO M GILLESPIE 
23oo Broadway • 227-1411 
2311 Broadway • 227*1415 
2411 Broadway • 227-1419 
2755 S.W. Military • 923-4541 
2o14 Gaited Rood • 333-472o 
1722 Austin Hwy. • 836 3247 

TI D A R T i w m i i r COUP*, louped 
O n ly R o c *, m i J U * J n u B R O A D W A Y 
H S I JA* 

W it D C m 6 M T u d o r . a ir. a u la . 
• i c # ten t 
M i l 
S » o ce lf, 
J U 
Room van 
’YTBwJuT-OaTTTTrToTK radials, j u t e firm PJS M i * 
*4 D a d a . D a r i S T — i u l *"4 
( c o n t o ) # ) , r a n t * . h e a t e r , a ir , 
I ender L e v in * C o r * ) A ttra ctive , 
• c o n a m teal c a r . 
U M 
A r m 
Mt-lteJ.____________ 

Ti C Ary tier Newport EiceD ent 
JJ.Ote rn) t u t ) ***-**14 it ^ h r v t le r H e w p * r l 
G o o d tto n tp a rto h o n H JO ofter 4 p.m .: 
IW ->PT4.____________________ _ 
) * i f C h r y s le r , v a ry POOR c o n d T dan mutt tee ta opprtctat*. MIO 
224-7IU 
_____________________ 
T $ '7 3 I W » A Fully aoaippad. 
•marattf pra*n, loather interior. 
M IM . *2 1 M 1* 
Y T c O R D O e * . pawer air, H e r 
Only t m 
) evgt M A S IH r.’i M r»peri. Ie * - hardtop. etcel tan! Mite, J7M I U m i _________ 
44 Newport 1*4, leaded. aalra 
S h a rp , M »1 * t S 1 oQ1_________________ 

'Ti P a r a C o u n try i i d e # w a p o n , 
I M M , Ti P a c e r M I M . Oath paoe c o n a n ion 7 s i u n * r D J i t t t a r call collect t A t * I U ) 

Y T T o R D " c ^ > ^ - l ' ,d r '.'-V '- i "till. air. IteRter, roOta. pood tiro * E « cellen! condition 31,7oo m i H U I tV-WT 

‘ J I P a r d , 4 c y l. ', s t a n d . e c o n omit al, ISOte ml IM S U A IM I 
Tr r ocrr nro" l a ^ n w m t ie r leo, S h o c k 
J.OOO m u t t C a ll m i s t s 

J4f l a r d F a lc o n W a y a n , 4 e v il tta n d a rd M M M U 1117_________ 

T i r a r a w a e o n IS p a t ie n t e r , i r t r o (lo a n tntide and a u l N e a r ly n o w r a d tate M H S w o r t h m a r * f i t 1*41 

T F 4 6 * 6 W A 6 4 k * T M i -------- 
U o a t ton per ctaan et V 1*4 ) 
*\ g o l o ^ f y V o l ld n f c o n T ", to e r Ittte ol Jttea After I N a n d w oeKondt 
4* o 4 1 1 * 

T r 
B I A ' H A B A . t- c V lln c a r t a i * * m a n petting ca car, S I M M ro a d auto*. 
J IM S 
4* * 711* after 
J 
— •ok d a rt fYT" BIAN A b A"'TgL* e v e r 
P oy m e n u i lo l le d *1*o141 

CALL JOEL: 

D A Y • 2 4 - 7’J l I 

N I O f t I 5 4 9 - 1 9 6 3 
ION IATTHAU 

The Bobb bays I make the best deals in town — Try me before buying any new car — A btl for 
Ron 

« I pood A roo! Sp ort c a r l 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M A S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
I H I I W M ilita ry * 11*117 i t f r p v 3 * « D e m o n t i C d l l e n l con a, h on n u 
V a n e * 
J a c h t *n 
711 oo7* 

's i D O D O C A t e a r. auto. air, new lice* M M M tm ute M * N I I ________ 
«* D o J o e I 4 d r , c k e o p fro tp o rta h a n i j i m M I S i l l 

IF F I D ad pe ii >paaco i door h a rd too L o a d e d C ru ita ( * n l r * l #4 OO® m tiat S l u t * i J 4*11 

 er s g g g t d a n C . d M y l '. ii ', 
I l k * n e w c o n d , S i l l 
*1 V a n 
E c o n atma. r u n t to a d n *# a t front 
W ind shield S I M 71**7oo 
7t (Said D u ste r, a uf# 4 cyl. *l/« tin y I root, ctaow 11* * » M __________ 

W I HUO GAUIX! 12889 
S M ' I door C au d a w hite en w hit*. out*, air 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M A S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
I M I S W M ilita ry * 11*117 

I *iy f o b e u A v n r n a u 
U rn otic, aa war, a ir 
C ell W oody 
41} 1444 

 i i T ? P a r d G a l a * ! * I M . 4 d o o r loaded Take a ve r p a y m e n t! H O 
E Q U IT Y C O W E rate S i) M T I 

1*74 A M W 1o*1 bouMu! cond hon fnuti tall HS >*41 

C i g a r r*»c**f*onal cond" looSi? 
7| P lato I U * 94 ) til i s * * 
7 leon Vi Mutton* ll,"* ip **4 
SUI* S M -41* I ___________________ i l k each si d oit en. 's i Enpllth 
Ford. 41 A o m b ta r O M M O * 
Ti H IT I FD I6---------- 
H a t E v e r rite na1 
111 I M I 

' i f F 3 iT o n '« ' 4W , H F a u ie m a fl c 
44*1 441 I S M 441 4741 
•i T T r r i n i i r w T a e o r d c # deed 4, n * * d t paint, r u n t p o#4 
S M I 44* I M I 

 i n i ' k o F D . a il ariplonalTlsaoo cond, 4* 4- M S J ________________ 

T i B a n i A r a n o ■ aAga^ * l n f i i driva, auto. air, custom whaal walls, on-off road lira*, maps, 
S i. M C * * 4-4 sa * 

 mites 
S IM I 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M A S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
IM I S W M iln o rv *11*117 
•|J g ra n Tor in # V I , vinyl r**i. 
A M S M I track ster#* SIT H U t » H ar weekend! 
Y T C Y B ( ounlry Soul'# Waaon. 
E Kcatlanl cand IM M *1) 741* 
YI LTD *«c*l!#nl marhanicoHy. inter tee. SSM under ba** l l * C l* I 

'I * Charger Delano SE Aute , air, pawar, am S M st*r*a . road wheels. Ste#) belt radials SS 41, 
• •lour seals. U S M m i 4*A*1*J 

TI ' Y k al lo n g e r '' i p * V f ~a 'u i* ' V r. g*w *r sider tug brakes ll * **S* 

C H A R O E R . 4* im m aculate * tcanamicall Staraa, well cored 
Jar. *44 IM I __________________ 
T f C h u n te r SC . o u t* 'V a. RAW S* steer ma, b ra k e s. A M P M staraa. ktdAd ta ar ty a n * * W 4 
^ h a rp e r** A *W , 446 moonurn! 
I K eyston e m a p * R a d with black vinyl. Se ce ite n t cand- F ir s t M M 
CAIR G H A N . 
__________________ 
*F Coronal M i’ Sedan, air, pawer, a ria ia a i Sa l*. M ite *ll 

4 * F o r d G e ia s y S 'a lig n W a go n 
L o o k * paad, ru n s p a a d 
U M 
♦2A S 7U 
H P a rd G ra n a d a wen In 
Contest, priced I* win t i* set* n rj ITB, TI Air, 6dwar'iia*T m g U M I 7 1 1 * 4 * 1 i iV f t p f e I Y b. t ita lia n I in ta rim a n d • Kterter. sir, d r a a l b u y tar only M * S I s e * S S I 

*7r Y » r j"'CT6 "UTI. ‘7 1 B o l o lie 
S7M m 
* M I O f* U M 
I TTVrJ I TB: 4*23 c*n3HI*n, 
M I S M I M I * 

113o BROADWAY 
227-2211 te 

*---- IIH MACH I--------- 
D e p en dab le 71* S I M 
*i u z r r u*#; e t W -tar # bdl ie r e ' M u st Sd il' 411 SOM 
BAKI a m i ti (u u m r: ut. IS M . CAU 7)2-1414 

M o v e r lc e U F I , * c y lin d e r OU b e m a tic, a ir , r a d w . H a w tire s. b lo k e s, trowl end U S M 444-1111 
7 i~~a AV TTI ^ "J ' j o *7: o r, 
[rgd ials , paw er t tea rin g. I w w ngi 
J11.IMJ______________ 

*4 F O R D M U S T A N G F a st b ac k, bagdad, t i s * i l i m es 
F a r6 station w aaon, l l , * a c *t l*n t coodltien, I*.Ste m i I O w n e r PM f o p t , I ) . SSO. D r 
D e l e V e g a . 
M O 7* 7* D a y s t i s 14* I after 7* 

T I " F 6 I ' B B 
A 
I l W i l f . * ,:7 7 r . 
G ood C ond . tote M » 4* 4* t v at. w eak end « 

H p a r d C o l o K y a > / , "l* a d * 3 
.trod cand S U M * 2» 14*1 

>67 tn t le sT tST e i s u u s 
O H * W A N T OD im i nu#*eta to c a u ii us te a* 
IS P O IS S A H O w a s 
Bf6 COUNTRY FORD 
A m a n te 
Com 
227 

For camping enthusiasts, GM C offers the I 977 Casa Grande, a Jimmy equipped with a Chinook camper unit with stove, refrigerator, dinette table, stainless steel sink and convertible seat/bunks 
BRICKLIN RUMORS 
Continued from Page I of this Section federal highway funds badly needed to build highways. 
Many law enforcement officials will tell you off the record, and some on the re­ cord. that you can’t enforce the 55 limit in the wide open spaces of the West. 
The head of the Texas Highway Patrol, 
Col. Wilson E. Speir. recently called for a 

C f i i iHto plaguer 

 more reasonable speed limit in Texas. 
Something like RO to R5 on the controlled access Interstate Highways would most likely be complied with by the average driver. 
♦ ♦ ■# 
Switch symbols instead of words like 
‘ lights’’ or “ defog" will he the rule by 
198o if the National Highway Safety Ad- 

CLAEStrna o ttn k ir 
- 2*1 

 ministration has its way. 
Some words may still be allowed but only in conjunction with symbols. Foreign makers have been using symbols tor years. 
Symbols are a real advantage to car rental agencies and to anyone who bor­ rows a friend s car. I ll ask once more, what is the symbol for 
“ choke?" 

TESTS 

Continued from Page I 

Gay Williams, a three-year test driving veteran. “ You just watch the accelero­ meter gauge.” 
This gauge is mounted on the wind­ shield of each test vehicle 
The driver matches throttle and brake pedal pressures to the instrument’s indi­ cator, and learns how to handle smooth driving techniques to stick to the cycle. 

Experienced test drivers ride with re­ cruits for as many eight-hour shifts as are necessary to teach the subtle techniques involved. 

Gay Williams is breaking in a recruit her younger sister Terry. 
Gay. a 24-year-old physical education leacher, paid her way through school test driving for American Motors. 
Terry, an 18-year-old college freshman, hopes to follow in her big sister’s tread murks. 

Drivers 

“ Most of our drivers are women.” says 
Dennis Hahnke. AM's road test engineer­ ing supervisor. “ Some are students, some homemakers, some even farmers. We try to keep our schedules flexible to meet both our needs and theirs." 
The company's test needs are as varied as the needs of its drivers. 
Consequently, there are anywhere from 

G A Y W ILLIA M S giv e s her sister, Terry, som e advice on monitoring instruments for a fuel economy test run 

3o to 15o test drivers employed, depending on the test load and the time each driver wants to put in. Everything at the track — schedules, people, and ears — is moved around frequently. 

It must work. 
Most of the drivers recommend the job to relatives a short time after starting. 
There are more than a dozen family groupings — sisters, husbands and wives, fathers and sons — now working at the 

AM track here. 
Jim Manner, for example, is a teacher and cob ch who signed on to test drive three years ago. 
That s when he met Dawn, a student at 
Central Michigan University and fellow test driver, and made it a husband-and- wife team. 
Jim now has his brother Mike test driving and his father Ray working as an 
AM security guard ut the track gate on weekends. 

ClAlEtW PtEPLAY 
ClASSWIEOOlSPUkY 

I J 

 l l 

 announces a$253Cash Rebate on all new1976and 1977 
Hornet Wagons, Facers and Placer Wagons. 

We’ve extended our 
*253Cash Rebate on Pacers and Pacer Wagons and expanded it to include Hornet Wagons. 

L I 

L l 

Now you can get a $253 Cash Rebate on your cooee of three great cars The wide and roomy 
Pacer The all new Pacer Wagon Or the hard­ working. sportily styled Hornet Wagon 
And you ve got until March 1o to make your choice All you have to do is pick your car and make your best deal with your AMG Dealer. 
AMC will send you the $253. 

Or you can apply the $253 to the down payment. 
Atter you ve made your best deal. of course 
T he $253 Cash Rebate otter is good on all new 1976 and 1977 AMC Pacers, Paoer Wagons and Hornet Wagons delivered trom dealer stock by March 1o or ordered by February IO 

Sorry, but no fleet sales or overseas military purchases ate included 

 l l 

BUYER PROTECTION PLAN ll 

The only full 2-year, 
24,CKX) mile warranty on engine and drive train. 

The only full I -year or 
12,ooo mile warranty protecting everything else on your car except tires. 
There’s more to an AMC Ti 

L I 

1 1ll 

 f 
■ 
— i t 

AL K O M R A Y 
AM C 

1111 SAN PEDRO 

PHONE 227-7511 

H O A U O F THt 

S W H T EST 

D I A L S I N T O W N 

1715 S.E. M ILITARY DR. 

PHONE 924-7351 

OPEN DAILY TO 9 P.M. 
OPEN SAT. TO 6 P.M. 

V 
Swerfaif o««U in Tmm 
V 
Smdml Peel* rn Tmm 
V ‘SmmW Otm 
V 
W 
W 
o « a u ut Tmm 
V 
S w eate d o m U rn Tmm 

737 n a ti MAVERICK MNT • i(attent cane Owner ME-IMI, tit 44o4 
■ n liA v iiiie io doe. note. « cfi. new era*, tow indent* tu tt i l l 
I 'M llTVrilCIf 4 dr mJle nan tat. 4, nato extra clean, tow mr IIM * *3S,ftnencine available 
124441* 

*2* U d v e rlc t. y Ar ltn4e<J t a i a over ear ma at* NO COMITY Cad 

"74 NMvarUl, awner H ate Mi few, ante. new tire*, ti./El 
ME-f|74 a>-vlnrmn||----- 
Haggard, hail toter MJto/to 
>1 mg.grkii Q I * a Aor rf Vx’cof- taut canamo* IEEE caon EEE IM I w r O a .M t g " fat v t L S -m . 
'aa#ad . >3**5 ar l e i * attar 
OM N M attar * 
H UWTi m v inurn 

 r n r n m m 
IV UM 

 it** m u s t a n g c o n v e r t i s e 
A utoma tic aw conditioned New battery V E V a ry clean A th in g 
I I4*S 1244112 
-- unlit_____ ifis M u sta n g 4 cylinder ti a n d o r ? 
Goad condition ESM *11 IE M 
~ ’ft'MUiUMFTi mATk— 
HMIN 

■n MutuMff iPwr-raT ’oVir 
•aymanic, ne entity, call Jade 
Hima let i n t 
’▼TmTJTTTSZ (Th IA aul# air 
Mutt m (Mi 

 na vs l i t Aute . A l condWlani One aw ner HME or kail otter MI EMS ll Mutton','" Vt .'aula ."ITM ar b a d atter I N U I T g uH ana’T T T u t fk a c r 'AIV, 
SEVI CON E li TSM 
I P I M e eIAm 'V I. vreen with w h ile v in y l tog a u la , n e w e r cie* fme Dr ab et tone neck ow. 
MOC Cl 

717 I 

SUPERIOR ^ 
PONTIAC **»•-" 

/ Y 
J 
D 
I K 
I T 
A 
S t a t i o n W a g o n , c i n n a m o n b r o w n , t a n i n t e r io r 4 c p e e d 4 < y l 
/ T 
I I I N 
I U f a c t o r y a ir , m a g w h e e l s , n ic e lit t le c o r . > t o c S n o 9-891A W o e J finder, 
199S 

C o r o n a 2- d o o r S p o r t C o u p e , s n o w w h it e , b l a c k in t e r io r n e w f e e t . a u t o m a t i c a ir b e a u t i f u l e c o n o m ic a l c a r . s t o c k n o . 5-594. 

PRICES GOOD THRU MONDAY, FEB. 14 
REDUCE! 
PRICE 
*165o 
74 TOYOTA 
W a s $2895 . . . . . . . 

I ' “J A f b i r \ C 
O 
O 
C o u p e 2- d o o c , h a r d t o p m e d i u m g r e e n , g r e e n v i n y l r o o f , a r o o n i 
/ 
T 
U 
L 
U j 
T O luxury m le n o r , o i l p o w e r , a ir , n ic e c o r , s t a c k n o . 11-1o16 w a s 
$3495 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

I r f A a n 
X R -7 s n o w w h i l e , w h i t e 'n v i n y f r o o f w h i t e b u c k e t s o o t s s t e e l j 
/ 
* v 
U 
U w 
A 
K w h e e b , p o w e r , a e , s h a r p lo o k in g , s t o c k n e . 3-313A w a s $3995 

 t a r 
C l I Q 
A D 
I I 
D L S t a t i o n W a g o n c i n n a m o n b r o w n m e t a ll ic t o n . v i n y l in t e r io r , 
I 
/ O j U 
D 
A 
K 
U a u t o m o t H , a w , o n ly 9,ooo m il e s , t h i s c o r is W e e b r o n d n e w ! 
G r e a t e c o n o m y , s t o c k n o . 9-942 W a s $3995 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

I r a n 
D / ’X h l T 
I A P 
U M a n s 2- d a o r d o r k g r e e n , w h i t e v i n y l in t e r io r , a u t o m a t i c , 
I 
/ a r L 
/ I a 
11 A v p a w e r s t e e r i n g A a w , s t o c k n o 6-646 W o s $2595 . . . . . . . . . . 

C o u p e , d r o m o n d b l u e m e t a ll ic , w h i t e w h e e l s , l o a d e d , p o w e r A a ir , b e a u t i f u l c o u p e , s t o c k n o 1o-691. W a s 

*225o 

*2788 
*3388 

*3488 
*165o 

 l e g a l 2- d o o r , b u r g u n d y m e t a ll ic W a d i v i n y l r o o f , b l o c k v i n y l in f e r io r , t w i n r a c e m ir r o r s , m a g w h e e l s g o o d lo o k in g , s t o c k n o 4-446, W a s 
*3295 

*215o1 

I 74 GRANDVILLE 
$3595 ... 

I 
73 BUICK 
$2995 ... 

'TO D OKI TI A p Grand Safari Station Wagon burgundy metallic, with burgundy 
! /se rv/lallAVw vinyl interior, 3-seotOf, tilt steenng AM; FM, os is. stock no ll- ll nnr 
1o33. Was $2395 I.................. *.......... ....... 
I 895 | 

ITE PH KIT! AT toto mo 4-door burgundy, burgundy vinyl intonor power 
PT rv/lallM v steering automatic, body side mouldings, air power broket, in in r loaded, fine fomily cor, stoa no. 7-754, was $2995 
24 V J 
' “TA I . i i A Alc 
4-deer, copper color with ton intonor automatic, power steer- in rn r 
/ 4 LemANd mg, ae, grad family co. stock no S-536-A Was ii295 
2525 j 

/TO PDWT1 A f Cotdmo 4-doar harvest gold light gold vinyl roof, ba 
• J I w it I IM Nu ury interior, body side mouldings, automatic power 
AM/FM radio, loaded, a good looking fomily sedan, stock no. 

Win $2595 

C a t a l i n a 4- d o a r , m a l t a y e llo w , w h i t e r e e f, c r e a m c o lo r e d a tt p o w e r s t e e n n g a n d b r a k e s . o u t o m a t K . AM r a d i o 
‘ i c o r , s t o c k n o 3-3o9 W o s $2995 

*1895 

*2395 
74 pontiac s t e t ; body lido mouldings parfait family 
/"Ttt DPN A IT I A S ' Grandville 4 deer hardtop, dark stiver gray, light gray vinyl 
- Z r U N I IMS- leaf, silver gray luiury Intonor, 6o-4o soots, 6 woy power teal, power dear lacks pawer windows tilt steering, cruise centro! automatic, power cb i. steering, ae. leaded hod of a nice cor, stack ne 4-428 Was $2395 .......... 
I OY5 

ST*) D fX K JT I A f Grandville 4-deer hardtop, gold. gold vinyl roof. beme luiury 
- / a ru n I lA v el vinyl intoner, loaded, power I air, stock no. 9-482 Was ti Atte 

$2395 ..................................... 
Z ............................ 
1495 
' “J A n o A K in A AA 2-door, capper metallic borne vinyl roof with tan vinyl 
/«* UKANU AM mtener. styled steel wfcoaMtob* toto*. console, Waded. 

 power A air, graal tasking cor, stock no. 12-1o91 Was $3495 ................. 
2 9 8 8 
I Y J P D A A in D D IV * * 
'•*»• who oh, btoch to vinyl roof, Wack 
/ T U K A r il/ " K I A totortor, backet wets, coal eh, pawer A ah. casa- « . . . . ptototy to adod k.aatttoicat. 
Wa* $4395 NOW.................. * 3 5 8 8 
75 GRAND UMANS brakes A air. AM/FM stereo music 
I 

 m 
U L v p f e f t # v c r y I 
- f l U . o - L 
E 
J , 3 s « n o ;,r!r.*36B8 

 s u m , a u t o m a t i c p o w e r s t e e r i n g , V E p o w e r I v a r y t h o r p l o o k i n g c o u p e , s t o c k n e A S O 3- A W a s $4395 

’74 BUICK ELECTRA Si, 
S S 

 p a w e r t o t o a h , b e a u t i f u l l u x u r y c o u p e . # 
1o- 99* . W a * $ 4' 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BR O A D W A Y 
17-5o41 
92o BR O A D W A Y 
►PEN EV EN IN G S 

WHY TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
FOR A USED CAR OR TRUCK? 

SELEC TIO N — ’W A R R A N T Y S — - F IN A N C IN G - — D E P E N D A B IL IT Y 

Y aor Mark a 
Description 
Stock # 
ITZ. U A A 1 T F r a n i A Inndou, block with white trim, loaded, 
76 MONTE CARLO am i m ............................. #188o 
• T r f s A t i v i a r (Mandrill* Convertible blue, looded 
• J r'jN T IA C wift) oil the extras.......... 
#1855 
69 BUICK extra dean . 
. ??!????..................... # I 7J6 

7 3 DATSUN 12oo 
.* " 7 * : , 
* i M 4 

 i t z e t u i n A 
Maroon, loaded, AM/FM stereo, 
76 CAM ARO rattywhooK................................. #1718 

7 6 CORDOBA CP lo!'m,k‘“ ,!'7.'!,,!le.eVe!l^ le‘............ # 1833 

7 4 GALAXIE 
#1825 

7 7 N U V A I 
#1734 

7 6 FORD y U f S . '£ 2 , hT , ^ . ...................... #ias7 

'7 6 CHEVROLET 
. t e n 
74 g m c ' , £ 
. ' £ r ? 
? r r : .........................« i* s m 

’72 DATSUN 
ZZXXX?."??. 
# .ss s it z DI A TCB Mu# loaded, custom deluxe 
J O BLAZER package, 14,1oo milos............................................... # 1 7 7 ? 
COLLECTORS ITEM 

’6 6 CHRYSLER S S S W f t 
* u « 
M ECHANIC SPECIALS it a k it ** a Hatchback, red. atuomotw, 
74 VEGA 
AM lodto, runs geed, ............................... #1843 

*74 M AVERICK 
#1S1I 
IC A l. U A u r 2 deer, uhttc, 3-speed, 6 cyhedar, 
69 le M A N S overhead tom. mugs............................. #1875 

• 
T 
I 
E 
I D 
C 
D 
I D f l 
Eutomaht E leaded, mags, 
7 l FIREBIRD ton be race ie. 
.77,................. #1816 
»z T / ADDICE 2 krosrn, hodad, vinyl top, 
67 CAPRICE en# owner 
TTT....................... #1873 

Erica 
‘5595 
‘5795 
‘1295 
*1595 
‘4995 
*5995 
‘2795 
‘4595 
*5195 
‘5695 
‘3195 
*1695 
‘5995 

‘1495 

‘1395 
‘2195 
* 795 
‘1595 
* 995 

■ ■ EV R M T T 

LOOP 41o A SAN PEDRO 

“ A C O D U T O A W 
O M O T I V ! W 
O M B " 

341-3314 

 tomatH ut Call Jyooav^ois ie#A 
Y-*»RD Goad conshlien MEE ttootottc yr Call Woody 41$ 1461 w 
^ m un 
72 PINTO Etaaad. air ne masiev YI *f h ude rbiTd T ~Mded u ric IJT inuit” ' tnt$r%£Z' ****"' flTlNTO 4 speed, run* toed [iTYffUiifig llliB'.'oll ••war. 

. air IH M Manuel MI M )} 

424/ *11 
: A $ I N 4E 4 M i l 
S I E M 

PuTU m in iPg~ n' ts^' am i 
EEA- I IEE tautly, take ever 
•ar men ti Days EME)*!, attar 
A S SMM SIMI m w m fic ^ m miles TST. 
W e a d y 433 1444 r»l to u s ia a lV T U . e rlgltial 
• ■••r sm all V I , aula. air, 
• e w e r t i m a a 4E 4- / 4E 1 

 m m m kVtnyl toe M w t r air radials. 
*121*5 ar b a s t otter E3E/ Maces s i n 
A E O J E S S a n y t i m e 
Ntto“ iT xr r nT»E cVbVTT 
Married, single. dlv*rc«d Cell int 
Will Nuance 
S e a 
Puente, 
>22 E E H 
■K 'W Ie HPB. Mr RimUtff, s eat nu title u t n t i 
W FV K luweheuf "Honda rd aK 
*«*' r n m m * 

5**5 Mf 2*74 

Trmmmrnwr---- 
222 I M 
I 

T T T T 
P 
I h 
T ' f l ' T 
Fc n a o ' r d « l f h o ? r 
COH O V 433 1447 
'YI ^int# Wapaa o *pd. 
RTiTS trim, tut rack. •rib awner, excellent cand 2* meg city. 25 met Mwpy ti*** e/d-1 fie f « rTyr<T T 4 T O e r Id .v . rick 
1234* 534-42*2 
YTTTTnrff-lv to to ? tier ae r o d e o , tap*. Cruise, o l e 
Im. maculate t IME*. 4*4- tit* attar e 

S r Y Ktrd kl," ew naTTHfliisBar 
IEEE aauity, taka up payments 
ME MT* SM 1125 Att * 

74 HUIHUI MIMI CWFf 
Puny leaded Immaculate leather intonor ....................... 544*5 
I 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBE 
POMO SOU 2 M4IOE l*EI 5 W Military *22*312 
'TS TORINO, lim 
644) $o FL O b i 5 ti y noffm w asw . he tory air ostaeheaatlv (Man |l/*5 
I W M h a d a W E E W ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ rn UKUM 
TTWRVflJIIIYlL I b66l, 
44,EEE M ILKS. $3, IEE *35-444* 

Continental 71. Etc ellen! cendi hon |l«*5 *21-4124. 
’TT’gadH nenturM ork tV"W H >e with whit white vinyl top Fully headed with A M PM tape Cruise central, leather interior, alumin urn wheels, etc ll,SE* miles Will sacrifice tor *1754 Call D eus 
Moore, 224-41 ti weekdays till * 
‘i i Lincoln tenlinentol fewne 
Coupe, excellent condition, reflow with auld tea. mean real, void 
.velour interior, fully leaded I owner s*.EM Days Mi IIM , avos 
124 MIE 
W u N < !6Lh <1oMTih«hTAL 
111-Ell} 
H LlhgflLh fawn caupo. I door, exec tty Uh* new condition, fully 
'leaded, oh extras, anomal awner 
424 7571, M I 4444 
I 
LOOK 
74 Mark IV, Cartier tifnature modal, fully Mooed every antra possible Law rndoaaa excellent coed »*/JE must sell' 441 424} 
!m3sEi 

I U 
IM ffliN 
---------- - 
I ua 
LMmILR 

71 MMK III kxceiient cand, t i l l ! Before neon or atter 5 126-4411 

 n r u n i 
739 
MERCURY m MERCURY 

74 MARK IV Lib* new condition 
Looded must san. Bv owner 
SM 4471 

 own a utile luxury 1*71 Lincoln 
Continental 4 door. new radial tiros, shacks, and muffler. Elec­ tronic ignition, all extras Like new learner interior well worth 
Ina price 51*o* 451-17*4 

*72 
C Att N I, transportation 
!P#c .al MI 3*11 
"I AAark if! cond , low mi 65V62U afft! I 3o 
J IU k V V T V l'a M ----- 
17,444 ml. $3*45 *54-1434 

71 COLONY PANK Woo on meat* 
$14*5 MI Mo4, MI 4/41 
MT MARK III, graal condition, 
*1**5 or bast atter E244/EE fn U Y IT IV ,' !oadeT7T55rirnI#r 
3445o SSI NMI 

72 Comet 4 cylinder, standard transmission, runs aood, SISE 
MI-1*31 or atter *pm 4*4-454* 
’ I 
74 COUGAR I doer hardtop, cia to you cl cand »Io*5 M2-4443 

11*71 Mark IV Black wilk rad leather Chrome wire wheels. 
Beautiful condition stet* Call 
Jim, 4*4 ISE* ar 4*4 *441 
‘It MANK IV, owner, like new, tow mi leaded 3«*5* M4«12li 
*53 *523 

Yi-kAklTTFV, Pucci Spec iii "iljr hen Loaded nu lading auad Lew mileage Call M* tu t 

(> 7 S C w t1; antal I own C ir 
7* Lineate Continental 4 door 
Town tta a n 
Pally loaded 
Aluminum wheels. I track tape, redip, ate Twin etactric seats, block diamond moon dust m etallic E le ctric defroster, headhunt d«iav and automatic dimmer, twin remote mirrors. cruise, till whee), vanity light group and much much mare Ap t t « 13,o*4 mites nod looks fife* haw* 54,754 firm and na trade. 
Don J attn stoa ll/ m Alit era**. 
Ptoms. Tea. 

|?4 M urk lV #y*ry option avaito bl* including sunroof, wire wheals, ix calla n l cond. 4*434 firm *441711 

74 Cougar good cand . tut radio auto. Radial tiros 31456, 45 ) 4/4* 
St Cougar lipstick i ed black vinyl root Power, air, ail pawar, now tires 124 4*54 
7 * c 6 u « A R . whit* an whit* n m nu $45o4 U M I/ * 
I 
’74 MAKS IV 
Executive eauiggad. immaculate’ 
K m . owner *74*3 4*41773 
I"'...... .....? ! ronnrw--------* 
Im m acu late, todMfM. Sa c rific e 
444*3 MI EIM. M*-12*7 
....... 

JRTBTf ling ll I VI 8. Iglly euuipped » MEmiles 4*4-oo*1 att 
Sam 4**741* 
TS BIRI! IV . JJ'k’n* win bur*undv leather intanar. ovary option ext aet sunroof I awner ll* IJH Atter sum 1423-41*1 

Ii Cougar KR I A M P M cassette quad » mas warranty, t*64 mi 
Must sail this week t 337o4 
71*-4341, 134-414/ 

9 xpx 
' f l ’im; 

M 

 t h e H o u s e 
D E A L E R P R E P . A F R E I G H T I N C L U D E D 

( P lu s T a x , T it le A L ic e n s e .) 
58oo SAN PEDRO 
PHONE: 732-821 I 

USED CARS 
USED CARS 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7 2 4 2 San P e d ro 
3 4 1 -2 

2 LINES 

 r n W W 

I 
O 
DAYS 

 j k 
J A j i a m j m j m j t r ■ 
* 5 mm f Q 
|M S k tiB k 
Jm Jm m m "" rn w w 
V 
Q U IC K 
RE 

NONCOMMERCIAL! 

RAT* C H A N O I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday February I 2 1977 
Paqe 
7-E 

746 • TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS. BUSES 
IM* Honda TSO A wmdtommer 
HI. front and rear crash bors. 
Loo, rock Must sell. 644 4o$4. 
'JI Hondo CB ISO G Fairing, sad die boos. new battery. Like new I 
NSO. 713 9 9 1 9 . _________ 
■TS Honda IOO CB 113o miles, front disc broke. Beautiful gold, loaded 
Crash bors, etc. STOP. 4933*36 
'TS HONDA CL 3oo Ludo com portment, 23oo ml Adult owner. 
$773 341-3321_______________ 
•TO Honda 3So, customiied. runs great, HTS ASA 1143 oft 4pm 
_ 
1»TS Hondo Cycle MC HOO Sell 
ST SO 684 3S34____________ 
•T* HONDA CL 1ooo Low miles. 
S23oo or best offer Rick MT *449 ofter 4.___________________ 
1975 Honda Cold Wino, 31oo miles, like new 494 581o 
____ 
Hondo SSO. 11,ooo miles, areel shope1 Colt: 828 4874_________ 
HONDA, 'To model. I3S Elsinore, lox shocks, air forks, radial head, 
34 mm barb . nearly brond new 
COH 7 3 M 
9 1 6 
_ 
TS Husqvarna 4oo Ridden very little $95o. 344 4443 ____ 
__ 
JOE HARRISON HONDA 
Sales Service-Porlt 
34o1 BROADWAY 
_ o34 4644 
■n KAWASAKI SSO Excellent cond, make offer. 14TS CB 125 S 
HONDA, excellent cond , make 
O f f e r 
1975 HONDA ATC 9o j wheeler terrain cycle, good cond . make offer. 474 34o9 
KAWASAKI GS IOO New cond! hon, UTS. Coll ASO TIPI._______ 
TS KAWASAKI 4oo'immaculate. low milos, fully dressed AM radio 
SOTS. 45o-6796.______________ 
76 KAWASAKI KZ4oo .VAI v'low 
Mlleaae. Like new SOSO. Tis 9761 or 733-3o73_________________ 
MUST SELL Yamaha ASO SS9S or bast offer 924-1 TSP 
PARTS FOR TA H D FXE 
653-7416 between 8am lpm 
S/N ANTONIO CYCLE SALES 
KAWASAKI Sales. Service. Parts 
313 NAKOMA______ 
444 5756 
1972 Sportster, fully chopped. chrome, ti,OOO 434-4o33______ 
•74 Suiuki CT TSO Windiommcr. i lug rack 13.17o mi., $1525 ot best 
! offer 224 27 18______________ 
TI Yamaha 36o cc Induro dirt bike. SS OO or best offer 654 83oo 
‘74 Yamaha 4oo Enduro Brand new cond ! SPOO ASS 4828 

TRAVEITOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 

SAN ANTONIO’S URGIST 

TRA VII TRAILER DIALER 
A over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZtD SAUS K M r 
HOLIDAY 
RAMBUR, 
PRO WI LR, 
NOMAD, 
VENTURI. 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY, DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 

MIW MONES 

96 oo IH 3 5N . 
653-6711 

Across (ram H ow ard Johnson s 

9 til dark, M on En 

9-6 p.m. Sat. I S Sundays 

Dolly and Weekly Rales 
PHONE 
641 7312 
Like new HOV motor home air. 
IO,OOO BTU SPOO ASS-5o54 
Luxury Motor Homos bent Low 
Rotes 658 7441. 654-7114 
Moiorhoni 
St eiiTaI SieepTTs!To week 4 1oc mile 65V2253 
' i i Open 1*7,ad Si' Motor Home, 
Low Mileage. Fully equip! Exc. condition sleeps A. Evenings A wkends 344 8726 
S A H M B fe rf6 " h V t t W f f e R 
" 
Motorhames, Travel Trailers and Tent Compel s. ASS o251 

PRE-SPRING SALE 

VAN LAND AND BIVOUAC 
CONVERSION VANS 

Olds Totonado Iron! wheel drive. 
43.ooo milos. All aluminum con structton 
One of the finest I 
492 2634 
TTTfTLlf A Motor Home"!TV” 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IH IO. 3 Mi north of Boerne 
RT 2 BOK 127. S A phone 224 2424 
OPEN SUNDAY 12 S P M 
SldHtl fe Eft’,~7T~r.$~5iion twin roof alt, etc Bos! ofter 456-24o5; 
341 oSo9 eves 
73 iiarcratt Self contained 2)' 
Air. generator 51o,ooo or offer 
I 42o 2896 
Want Vo Buy Motor Home. Any 
Make 
Any 
Model 
458 7641. 
454-7119 
T im n i M l BAFT Mini' motor homo, self contained Less than 
45.ooo ml Good condition Sleeps 
6. stove with oven, ref with fleeter, Bathroom with shower, plenty of space m cabinets Many more extras! Borgoln, $3975 Bv owner. 653 4414 
TiPSfinnebauo TT'ChieHon tautly loaded 637 274s 

CORDOBA 

The affordable one. Auto­ 

 matic, power steering and brakes, air, #71 58. 
'76 FREE SPIRIT 
CLOSEOUT! 
ONLY 4 LEFT 

’ 6 ' ................. 
$23oo. 
2*’ ................. 
$42oo 
TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
46oo Bf JSM. 
633-6711 ariosi horn Howard Johnsons 

VALUE... in our comfortable, stylish small cars— 
VOLA R E '2-doors, 
4-doors, wagons 

# 7 1 7 3 
LIST PRICE $524o 

STARTING AT 
* D Y O O 
FROM 
, O Y o / 
★ FORD ★ CHEVY it DODGE Authorized Distributor 
PLUS CONVERSION 

 i i i i h i s s s a s s m WIW,1 w rn I ISH ■ IR 222-8611 / 222-8868 

V o la rO W a g o n 
RIDE... in the unbeatable smoothness we give you in FURY 

# 7 1 5 3 
LIST PRICE $5444 

 o n s m e * 
4 
8 
7 
4 

SEE US TODAY... 
YO U’LL LIKE 
WHAT YOU SEE! 

1976 73 WIDE WORLD Traveh 
Trailer Like New Center Batch. 
Doubte Bed. Carpet, Air, Reese 
Hitch, ASCS Much More $323o 
332 I VSR_____________ ___ 
Compel 8’ ref double bed. table, cabinet, like new $4oo 699 o78o 
CAMPER TRAILER 14' 
Sell eontolned. coll 453 1612 
CLOSE OUT SALE, 1974 
CAMPING TRAVEL TRAILERS 
KC TRAILERS 
$396 up 
71o WEST 
AVE 
713 3931 
'75 Coachman ll' Truck Camper, 
Self Contained with Air, Showei. 
Toilet. Stove, Refrigerator, Etc. 
$1ooo. 453 3o98_____ ________ 
74 
CO ACHM EN 
Cabaver camper. I 'l ’, self contained, 
3123o. 921 7174___________ ___ 
26 FT~MOBILE SCOUT Travel 
Troller. Completely self con lamed, air, central heal, u»ed very HW I $64 3o74_________ 
1971 ISR travel Ironer' fully tell contained I 338 2144 _____ tiff fro vet Trailer, self conto uteri and air. goad condition 
$1475 
624-3126 
________ _____ 
HE IMER"CAMPER SALIB 
San Antonio'* Exclusive 
COACHMEN DEALER 
HEIMER Make* Coachmen Af fordable! 
Trailer*. 
Truck 
Camper*, Motor home* 974 8334 
3329 i w Military, W of Bottier**! 
MI health force* tale Holiday 
Rambler Like new All hitch** and extra*. 25' inside SS.OOO 
Alaskan Camper fit* I’ bed Alto 
Subaru tlalion wagon 3o,ooo mile* I 25/ 843o 

Ii WANT TO BUY ll 
197o or4 UT UUD MOHS 
WITH BJG H P WIN SOWN, FIC 
MI SIZE OI WINCH HUCKS 
ALSO HUCK SAI YAGI 

 m M IY SBL I (M A N C I 

Iliu m owl 7o HUCKS 
A OVIK 6o TtAtlfRS 
ON OUK LOT NoWJ! 
JOHNSTON TRUCK 
C R O M PLAINS. 

DUNEBUGO Y with low bar 
Newly overhauled, VW eng Ex­ cellent on, off Road Vehicle 
673-4491 or 474-2382 
Ford'Gf To, ViB chassis, '7 f in­ spection $1ooo 656-7587 off 4 
WE WILL GIVE 

UP TO 2o% OFF 
ON THE NEW 
LH. DIESELS 

2,3, & 5 TONS, SCOUT 

 ll, t SCOUT TRAVELERS 

We Have In Stock 

!! WE MEAN TO DEAL I! 
JOHNSTON TRUCK 
817-725-6181 

CROSS RUINS, TEXAS 

F u ry 2 - D o o r H a rd to p 

Excellent cond , $25o 494 5487 
YAMAHA 35o. 1973. good condi­ tion i/OO 633 841o eves________ 
Yamaha 9o Trailbik*. ported. run* perfect, street acce**. $225. 
Aff 4 433 3758.______________ 
'76 YAMAHA YI 125, Cleone*!, 
Cheapest rn 
Town! 
225 1518 
David_____________________ 

ADAMS TRUCK CO 
NEW and USED 
TRUCK PARTS 
IOU ROOSEVELT 
$33-51o1 a L a M ) w h iT e T ftU e k s — 
814 PROBANDT 
224-2131 fefcb E U t H AI L E tt dO 1974 
Close-Out Sale on all Gooseneck 
Trailer* ISIP 5 Flore* 226 4318 
T ! Bio.'et Cheyenne, 4 wheel Jr. air, roll bar, 33495. 824 5o82 
H E f f f (IRV WREl KER SALES" 
Distributor* Century wrecker* 
14o3 NO ALAMO 
225-4144 
TX" C ti E V R 6 L i t bu i f 5ft 
D ELUXE "J ton, LWB, MO VI, 
Standard front., power braket- steering, air, Extra gas-tank 
Butch 828 USI. between 9-4 3o 
$44oo 
74 CHEVROLET KICKUP 'Mon 
Auto, LWB. air 52893 923 7174 __ , 
! '74 they Van loaded, AM FM 
I tape, carpet, bed. Sacrifice $3695. 
654 3896 
I 74 Chev Vun looded. &U FM 
I tape, carpet, bed, Sacrifice. 53695 
656-3896 
'u T h fe v V W re r" ." toke over payments, no eauitv. call John 
SlitWP. 349 6948 
'54 Chevy 'classic1 pickup, J stun dard First $3oo484 38oo 
I i C H 6 W g o TTS » y ? itk u p ' , 
, ton, Loaded. Am Pm stereo. $25oo 
822-o313 AFT 5pm i '74 CHEVY, loaded 
$2675 
74 FORD 4-wheel drive ...52875 
I 74 FORD *4 ton, 4 speed ., *1975 
2o2 New Laredo Hwy 924 2211 
49 CH EVY Pickup, cabover romper Sleep* 4, will tell seper- 
I ale. ‘7o CHEVY 2-Ion stake, new tire* 455-1632 
T T C H I W -frlg gU F , * lion 7 ow 
I pletely customized, 283 V8. air. 
I For tho** who appreciate excel­ lence. $1395 
111$ BROADWAY______223 1349 
1 '6o Chevy pickup, 3o7 V I, radio, new tires, tool box. 653-71o6 
I ‘to Chevy, pTrkup ijlon, sid oir, 
I $4,2oo 673-4391 

61 CHEVY Pickup 
V8, automatic 
M ag tires and wheels 
I 
$595 
734-o515_ _ _ _ 
I '75 Chevy pickup SWS. power steering, air. auto., 53695. day* 
, 337-48o1 eve* 494-6126 
I '76 (thew pickup 4 whl drive, air, power, AM FM, front and rear bumper* with brush guard*. 
Sliding rear window, mag wheel*, all terrain lire* 14,ooo mi., S5I5o. 
After 5 : 484-3531. 
TW . 'cKevy~TiTv~e'rbdo AlacV 
. ! Lot* of extra* 
In warranty 
548oo 492 9453 
77 Chevy itlverodo pickup • OOH mi . fully equipped. 5445o 736 41o1 
1 otter 4 3o 
' Chevy Step Van. 56 
White, 
. previous Mall truck SIoo. '55 
’ Chevy wagon with '45 283 eng., 
. $25o 924-1244, Fred. 
. ti Chevy *4 T ere cab. tamper shell run* good. *11oo 494 4343. 
494-2379.___________________ 

■TO FORD 11 Ion. 6 standard, very clean $135o. Manuel 341-9433 
48 FORD ’« ton V8, 4 speed $995. 
Colt 6414511_____________ 
'64 FORD Van. 4 cyl 
*td\ paneled, carpel, new paint. 
423-1238 __________________ 
36 ft Gooseneck Trailer. $ x 3o lf bed. $295o 332 4151___________ 
‘76 OMC Pickup, all power, 4.ooo mite*, $44oo Oft 5 433-5o13______ 
7o OMC Pickup, auto. air. $79$. 
923-7174___________________ 
•76 OMC Steno Classic Fully equipped, with cabover camper. 
$5995 firm. 922-3426__________ 
1974 GMC Sierra GRANDE, fully looded, $2,6oo 448 1o73_______ 

73 GMG SIERRA 
Pickup Loaded $2ooo 518 West 
Avenue 733-o321 
_____ 
73 OMC, 6 standard $21oo coll 
Jim, AOI 4511_______________ 

Cash for dean cars and trucks. 
Larry Cannon Auto Sales 
543o San Pedro_______ 828 6355 
COMET TOW SERVICE 
We buy lunk cor*, pay top cash I 
4JI 54o11 4o7 s Gen McMullen 

M o n e y M o n e y M o n o v 
For your car or truck tunning or not Any condition Coll anytime. 
137 4744__________________ 

NORTH 
STAR 
SPECIALS 

Dependable 

69 KIT Companion. 12 
STAHMANN TRAILER SAI ES 
IH IO, J mi north of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 117, 
_____ 
’ 3 3 2 6 
(3) 1973* (I) 1971 ilErU HOWK bo ti ofm wrth 
1oX2? lit** on budd, good toipv broke*, etc. 
(I) 196S fBUFHAUf HOT* 
PFI bottom, in good condition 
$525o to $825o 
Aho (2) groin traders owl (I) xnth fraps 
We have over FO hucks used 
B NFW IN Trucks 
OVE! SO OTHER KINoS af NEW C 
USED Ironers 
Including Poi* oilfield, toboys, 
W,Dierks, yon I dump buriers 
JOHNSTON TW OCK 

For wrecked car* and Trucks 
I AUTO PARTS_____ 222 IOU 
35' Kounlry Air, 5th wheel. 1971 
575oo 6/4 TOIo 6147 Elm Valley 
Low profile <6‘ star croft frovel 
(railer, excellent IJS Downy lew 
74 GMC Step Van. I ton $39oo 
Good condition Low miteaae 
224-o7o5, 226 5859_____ ______ 

— 
OI— 
CARS AND TRUCKS RUNNING 
OR NOT! 
__________124-224$_________ 

• FNI I Bool Trailer 
• (NII Ar retteries 
• (MI Remote Cenlrelt 
% s*»V4r HlmkIukIs *:»♦ t>rrUo‘ v 

M O B I L E C A M P E R 
Mid Jet, 7 x IO single axle, 15 In tires, sink, stove ond refrigerator 
Goad cond $7*o 69$ 9218 
SELLING YOUR CAR’ 
Hi prices paid for clean cars trtick*, etc 271 1342 
________ 
MUST BE SOLD 
|3| BTU WHEEL TRAILERS 
131 TRAVEL TRAILERS 
>OME NEW!• Your choice $“ 

*3449 

For your Car, or Truck Running or natl Any condition, also Junks. 
911-3838. 
________ _ 
SOME NEW!' Your choice $499$ 
TRAVEL TRAILER CENTER 
42oo Roosevelt at Stinson Field 
W tib w A iT h WRI n ------ 
IS KOUNTRY AIRE 5Th wheel 
WITH TIP OUT ROOM 
Good selection of $Th wheels and used trailers Some al below re placement cost 
TRAVEL TRAILER CENTER 
42oo Roosevelt ot Stinson Field 

1221 BROADWAY______223 4183 
WANTED 
Jeep Woaon Early 
19$o's model. Cond of driveline wot important 49$ 8o79 

• W E B U Y * 
JUNK CARS TRUCKS 
Ack to. 
Cd. me 
435-21o3 

JBI THIES B ills a c c w ffte s 
42 CHEVY BODY. *7oo 327 MO 
TOR, SSO CALL 333 $594 
Completely rebuilt 2o3 tor SS $7 
Chevy All new parts. Also 3o7 
Chevy eng. 912-24*o 
Cyclone header*; Hooker mu! tiers, TRW cam; hydraulic litters. 
All still in box 349 1939 atter $ pm 
Thors, 
Frl; all day weekends 
___ 

'W Growler tji> (( , sleep* ! 
$181o 69o 144o evenings 
'78 Growler ii'> JI, sleep* 5 
*185o Call 69o 144o eves 
T T M B W i n We-------- 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IH IO, J mi north el Boerne 
RT 7 BOX 124, S A Phone 224 2424 
OPEN SUNDAY 12 * P M 
78 iruMsinons i i 1 frailer, $7o8 
Beautiful Condition 498 237$ 

T $8A Mercury meter*, centrals and alternater* $4oo 4*o !9$4 otter Spm i W l au'o ip ori IBI,' ITI UP 
E vlnrude meter, power lid , goivanited trailer, used l i t hours, *$,3oo, Monday Frtdoy. o 
o rn 5pm, attic*. o24 235$ 
Pi Arrow Glass la m ia . I E V 
Deep V, center console, 11$ hp tvinrude, power, till and trim 
Loaded $4,5oo 474-4491 
1#i 16' Arrowroot Trophy bass boat. 85hp Mercury, Dilly driveon 
I gale trailer, electric Ironing mo tor. J marine batteries, J gas tank*, depthlmder. used few hr* 
$2995 *74 o144 ti Avenger Jet, Eli oM» berk icy 
! pump Don'* Custom Trailer 
I 4/mph $4,99$, 435 o171 
----------- I T HT R T O ----------- 
197$ Apeiio Jet boat Ulna, lift 
; trihull with Dilly trailer, only 
I /Stirs, $$95o or best otter, MAIN 
BANK AND TRUST. HS o991 
1 AIL IB A Y ILB H&rHoisrT i hp Johnson electric mater. tilt i troller spar* t/SO 82o-AMI 
Bass Soot, 7* R a n a e rto u r moment bult, 11 SHP Johnson TNT, 
, SOT area, Magnum driveon 
•railer completely loaded AH 74 model equipment 671 o9*7 atter 5 j 3 bass beg)* equipped *>4 Terry 
Boss $39*o 71 Lane Star *24o* 
I 71 Tid* Craft SIAM 474 $$3o 
M K S . Tin frcg l cran, walk HT ru windshield, delux* trim, tribute 
! ne meter, on Highlander trailer 
Like new, *1o5o >14 52o7 
I M i tHaeimala ba** M i, 14'JPT 
| I soup Mercury with power trim, 
I custom trailer 
Mike dos*. 
I M M X* i i ’ / dttfcia Can far ^c^ol'siT 
I TO gallon gas lank lop. ond Other extra* 197$ ISO Hp Mercury out i heard Pawer tilt and trip Tan 
1 dom trailer This rig Is Uke new 
$$49$ 
Sa# al 
$7o3 SWI Pedro 
714 4131 i i 1 I Mild*, kith parJarmanca 
! bass beat with many extras 
$4, IM call any day atter I pm 
; *7$ 2o91 
!T FBST f AUH C iU H f i: >1 bp johnson and 
Trailer 
SIVO 
J1J N U r r m u ULA iv teWy fabin. 
, 231 HP Mere Cruise I O Gaiv. tandem Ironer. Moanum Custom. 
5o hrs $15,35o new. Sell $1o.5o4 ar bes! Otter 494*o1o r r a i 'T W ioilb eo! wllb trailer 454 I SBF atter 4pm 

IT H Alum Sn o urn’ I oaf witLf7o.i*7 and ll ha matt 824 $8/3 $458 
H i l l Avwiaer i k i Je t------- 
*54 8783 
UM; H FT e a u . fru.ser il.ep~ 
4, trailer many extras, $9,*$o 
*71 1894 atter $ ANYTIME wee­ kends Galley Head i i 1*! Cbrysier haqt, v-H dC o T 
(ellenr tar fishing and sktlng AM reche end deathflndar, 7$hp John 
I sen and driveon traitor Leahs and run* par tact $155o 1*7 17/1 . 

'75 E L CAM IN O 
Super Sport 
$33-o3o4, 333 8314 
BARGAIN 
$285o 
197$ Fury 2-doer Custom Hardtop. 
Loaded. 448 1131. 45* 267*_____ 
‘78 Coda 383. Black metal flake, custom interior. Completely hopped up. Must se* lo believe! 
6)ooo or best otter 341 692o 
71 DUSTER. 2-dr. hardtop. 4. au­ la. $47$. 313-892o ___________ 
71 Duster 34o. mops. AM FM sten-o Exit os $22oo 341 543o 
Duster, 197$, 25,ooo mi loaded, new tires, $2,89$ 927 1948 
PLYMOUTH Belvedere. 19*3 air, auto new tires, eood cond *4oo 
493-291$ eves._______________ 
74 PLYMOUTH Duster. 318 V8, 
I .Hided, $25oo 814 2986______ 
T i PLYMOUTH Fury III, 3 clr. hardtop, fully tguipped factory air. pawer $89$. financing avoila 
Mg. 214-4*19 
' 
1974 Plymouth Fury, *175o 154 
Pork Hill 836 33o9 731-3o51_____ 
7* Plymouth Fury Sport 
Bv Owner. Loaded! 
5*4oo________________924-4879 
71 Satellite Custom 4 dr., 4S,ooo mc $127$ or best ott*r 834 1244 

'69 Pont Bonneville 2-door H.T. 
428 cu. in. vinyl top. Runs great. 
$895 494-3471, 496 3415 
'JJ Pontiac Bonneville. Radio, heater air, excellent cond $31oo 
494-5828. 
7o PONTIAC Catalina 4-dr auto. air, power $485 financing avoila- bi* 234-441o 
'iy Pontiac Catalina clean! J owner $523 694 3867__________ 
73 Pontiac Catalina v4, automa tic, pawer, factory air. new radial tires, exceptionally derm $1495 
Will trade. 923 2883 
ITM 
^ W fY A i 
CA I AL I Wa. 
2-door hardtop, automatic, pawer. oir clean Coll Woody 433 1*48 
7! Pontiac 3 door coup* txcel lent 2nd car $1o95 333 1773 
~6i~Fan(*ro~ F xecutiv*. air power steering, brokes $573 413 4o7o. ti Pontiac Grand Prix V 8. au tomatic, power, factory air, 
AM FM stereo tape, factory, mag wheels, one owner Low mileage 
Like new 53995 Will trade v23 2181 
‘f i Pontiac. Grand Prix. Low mileage Looded $5oo equity, ond assume 82o 43o2 
7 T F 6 U fiA l 6bAU b UFAA'I 
Station Wagon, 9-pas**ng*r, 
1-Awnar ae VA tab 
T T pStiYi'A'^ GAAffF l AT Ar i 
I Station Wagon, 9-pass*ng*r, 
I owner Cat! 631-o/48_________ 
»9 Ponhor feMans Custom S 15o 
. VO. 4-dr , air. $o5o ar bast otter. 
674-74o3 Otter 4. 
"on I lac I (Mans hordtcin Smoll 
V I, air, power AU original. A l shape $13oo firm 3513 Cuiebra 
'*i Pontiac I eMans Coup*. V I. automatic, power factory air. like new *139$ will trade 911 2oo1 r,7 Pontiac Starch!*!, leek* got«i 
■ ens good $3oo 824 »3IO 

•rensmissign. Na title Moke otter. 
MI $o23 Atter 4. 
*4 #6n t Ia C TEMPEST 
BEST OFFER! 3*4 2211 
I *>4 P ai ii >o r Vi nturoTTSTrTiTo« I 
2-dear outomotic, V-l. pgwr steering brakes, air, gxcollgnt condttton $247$ 4S3 1o2o i m a m ? Ai-o^n- ^oxfcond,- hon, 
47.5oo actual mc 
$4oo 
[•AMIN fake over payments on 74 Fi i rebird Ne eae>tv Call 124 o91o ash H r Fred, otter / 912-77*7 
Ai tempest 4 cyl . auto new 
•ire* battery Ran* goad $27$ i 433-9175 qttgy $. 
*4 Tempest hardtop Valle up payments *r pay att cash $441 
I CRH HgtRh o1o-4959__________ 

SETTLING ESTATE 
Mobil* home, like new condition I bedroom. I bath, on '< acre lot 
South al Boerne All furnishings 
Including stovg, refrigerator, washer, etc Priced tar quick sell 
$7ooo complete 

AV Firebird, Wiecked. all or ony parts IN -IU 
'44 Ford assarted parts Trans- mission $1oo, rebuilt 432 o749 
Four 1974 Granada full wheel covers 
In excellent condition 
$9o-473 o4V* 
___ 
4, IS" Hubs, Wire spoke wheels tor Thunderbird or Clit* Herti shiner, ne linkage 714 / $ /» __ 
4 MAGS ISKI. Western, Cross wire, $ hot*, tar Ford Cost $24o 
Asking SIN *9l l297 _______ _ 
1945 Mustang body or parts Goad cand 3o9-5771 otter $ or wkendf 
New Mags, Jackman. Whit* 
Spake Rims. J it ll. I I$x7 with 
Chevy ttt Otter 4 4J4 IU! 
Paris tor Ford 34o, IBI engines 
Peas 432 *99o eves__________ 
Steel Radiol's F7lxl4, Rally* 
.t f M & jg &SfPgf? IIM *!& & !:i 
5 Wire Wheels tor a Triumph 
Spitfire. Spangles ond Knockoffs rn ta 
A,on_ _ _ _ _ 

49o 27o7 
Niles OL Smith, Boerne I 349 3o91 
S H A S T A e P R O W lE R 
We take Trad* ins 
Complete Service Dept 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IHI* I Mi North et Beet n< 
RT 3 BOX 127 S A Phone 234 3424 
OPEN SUNDAV 12 $ P M 
T4 IHAITA ti' ,---------- 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IN IO. ) Mi north of Boerne 
RT 
I 
BOX 
127, 
SA phone, m 142* 
OPEN SUNDAYS ll* PM i 
T r i m m 
' t r , 1--------- 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IH IO, J Mi north et Boerne 
I RT I BOX IIT, S A Phene 22* 2424 
OPEN ll Spm SUNDAY 
, M'tflvoT Krbqb'TM.A' I I .SS the.! 
3ooo mi.$799$ 4U 4442 Hondo 

I'm young and very eager to sell you a beautiful new Dodge 
Our new Abpen is the best buy in town. 
74 CHEVY I T. S225o 
Loaded 4*o3 S. FLORES 
---------74 dftlvV ; u -------- 
BPM ofter. >41-3933 
73 Chevy »« ion C rew iqSTPowcr brakes, steering Air. 4$4 V* ae to . Camper Sod Pkg Aux. tank, looks and runs real good Bv owner $137$ Seguin I 372-o1o9 
4k MtFVV I. fo'n' pickup:' rebuilt mechanically o2o-1o/1 
'73 Chevy lor ax hup Camper tttgd, MW mi 337 o*33_________ 

‘74 SEBRING, 3 Baar hardtop. vinyl top, VO. aute air. S35oo 
224-5473; eves, 6$$-t$o4_______ 
■Ti Valiant 4 cyl. 35,ooo mr, air, t M ov» ;x27 tM-toir o a rn.____ 
BARGAIN' * CVI., 3o* an* . power, auto.. Am FM l-track, carpet, mag wheals E X C E L ­ 
LENT condition1 $4195 3737 S R 
Military, 923 43o5, 9 $ p m 
7$ FORD Ecanattn* Van. lake over payments, ne equity call 
Joh n StHhr, 149*941_________ 
71 FORD EXPLORE air Leaded 
$1*9* 225-6541, 694-245#_______ 
'74 Fold Explorer. V I, loud43, 
$2,75o 4S3-4992 
___________ 
'75 Ford Explorer Load**! $419$, 
922 388o___________________ 
'69 FORO F 25o, aulu air $973 
Manuel 34L943J____________ 
‘74 Ford F-15o, 4 cyl standard 
•ir sflaMf . rn ISH_ _ _ _ 
7o Ford F too pickup IWB, with caver, air, radio. I awner SHOO 
6/3 34o3 
____________ 
71 Ford F IOO pickup Oeed cond . must s*H at bargain pried I 
$13oo I 993 174$, I 995 2/39 
I ORO '/i FIS*. I Ion. VI. put*. air. ak metol datbed, gooseneck hegkup $11*o 
Karnes City, 
I-/OB-34*4 eves ____________ 

MYERS TRAILER SALES 
114 Kingsbury 
SEOUIN. 
TX t» tlreomiq# f T BIU W 
FJ ! 
Bath. Air. Hitch S197* OI* 23o4 
I T'T Att T i 6 H T IF . fully r.U contained, air, excellent cendi hon 
S4BBo 
SJI o/31, 
133 1*33 eves 
T m 
JAI Ficku'p~domper ll ’ 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IN IB. J Mi north pf Bearn# 
HT 3 BOX 111 S A Phone 214 2424 
OPEN SUNOAY ll $ P M 
Y I T V B l T I A i l H , IH I. 
Ctlpr HT. mad* by Airstream. 
I Hico and claan. Will take $14$B 
Best attar' 711 BB** 
77*Trovel TroUar" Wi Wli.el, W 
S6oBo Coll 111 W I i i Vravd Vrailar, f»v siaaBS A 
Air. rafng. awnings and many extras Asking S3$$B. 341-I37S otter s and weekends i i i Yruck dok &ver damper tar 
I LWB Geed cond steeps 4 S/tB 
4B* IMI bater* 4 
■ twtt 1^1*^ Aluminum rompers'' 
Long beds. $333 aa t il U lt 

Custom Accessaries tor Vans. 
Pickups, Mini Trucks. RV'S 
Hedmon Headers complete Ste 95 
1o713 P*rrtq,Battgt 
654-BABB 
Al 
PLYM O UTH 
DUMP 
TRAILER, 3oyds., good cen , 
SI/ttHUBIf 
_____________ 
'45 Pontiac 2 doer. hardtop S49S. 
Cum 217 7o37 ______________ 
1974 Pontiac Vantura. 4 door loaded Take aver payments. NO I 
EQUITY Cat! E m f AOI 3o71 
| 
'7o Ranchara pickup Load*], completely reconditioned $1ooo 
ASB HQ/________________ 
197* Ranger XLT F 15o, loaded. 
Tok* avar payments. NO EQUI- 
Ty Cod Erma ABI 3o71 
RARE AWO SUBURBAN 
1974. telly loaded new custom wheals and tiros, high mileaa*. mgpns Igg price' OI* o849 
___ 
RODEO WAGON 
74 Chevy von Dinette Bed smk, carpeted, a m FM stereo, all power Now steel ballad radials 
I M IE * *43-3711 
________________ 
SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALES A SERVICE 
MC DIAMOND REHO PE TERRIL 
HIE IN-1# 
*41 BSH 
SCHOOL Highway Diesel Buses 
UBI NOG AI ITO}______$34*711 
-71 SCOUT IBA vt, air, pawtr staactqq SIEEB BH-1334 
I /I Scat/t V-t standard, IR O Air, 
•?»j$awa 
” 2 ?«»♦ __ 
Take avar payments en 14 Chevy pickup No equity Call 134 o91B osx tar Fred, Attar 7 t i t n u 
Take avar no.meats an 71 Chaw 
I pickup Na aauity Call 134 7*44 ask tar Dennis Attar I at nil* ceti 
I t5 4 - 4 3 3 I _______ 
73 Toyota Mt-Utx ptckuo Rad** air 4-sad Fiber eta st bad caver, motel stock racks H O bumper 
I Excattant S3*9$ 175$ 4544 
I 73 Tayota Fick up. air, radio, bumper 
$19o* Pf best Otter 
_____________ 
VANS WANTED! 
*9 thru '71 medals 
SMU.* 

W A T E R T R U C K 
5441 tnttrnqHanql I Tan 4 cylinder 
2 speed ISM pal tank, spray bar 
HIM o9MU1 _________ 

W E N C H T R U C K inter national RI*# Tractor Truck 
Tulsa l l wench RD45o anoint 
& tf> 3 8 !J^ 2 iLJ£ U I2 JLx « w rn m iM cvcm mum 

'75 ASTRE SJ. 4 cyl, aula , pawer steering, air. radio White wails. ! mags. 21.oo4 mi 527*5. 715-4248 otter $______________ 
" 
'77 Bonneville Coup* Stilt with warranty 1399$ Atter 3 *94-9948 
CLEAN 73 GRAN PRIX SJ lead 
•d 4o.ooo mi 32*oo or best otter 
*4144*4 
_____________ 
1*72 CUTLASS 4 door 
[MO __ 
__________444 4*19 
Cutlass Supreme 1971 May be the nicest in S A $25oo value first 
52195 4*4 SOV_______________ I 
•71 Firebird, air. pawer, radials vinyl top. excellent condition, I 
Bemar. H isn *>J4I76 
*• Firebird * cylinder! a m f m radio, standard Goad condition ll*->97o 
73 FIREBIRD 
EXTRA CLEAM 499 o2*4 
‘Si Firebird Farmuid, iMdad beautiful honey comb wheel 
214419) 
____________ 

74 Firebird Formula 4oo 
Sacrifice, only 25.ooo mi air. auto roMy Wheals, AM FM. CB Excel lent $41oo 344 o434__________ 

1*7$ FIREBIRD, leodad COH O V t il 1447__________ 
*or fort* Only 
*4 Pontiac 
Wagon 6 CVI 453 *745 r r ih k U b n i l l A kerfed cand , *179$ 45$ 5o94 
W 61 M b BUM tJ-------- 
I Or,, VO, dir, auto , am tm, power $31oo 341 7J41 
•n & h A U b V lL L t i door a,eel iant condttton, 234-6291 
TY 6i an Prix J Excallant cand, I owner First $1*$| takes it* Call 
7'on* ai J Ttt* days 
*75o94) evenings 
TTttrfit I rf* J," Looker! ii* 6 T i to $ 144 1o71. 
TTttlAN BR IV LJ--------- 
L o a d e d black valval in t e r io r 
$44*3 34> 8114 ; eves *9»I19o 
T I b r a n Rrix l „ u d r d 
S ig n e d statement ta law milaag* By owner. 441 1476. ti dran Prig. Power windows. en $155o *53 4534 att 4 
Ii bran Prix SJ Tilt wheel cruise, AM EM stereo, <> vinyl 
I Nm. aute , air Silvei with blue 
54B9B 451 8*o9 315 Hartline 
W d r a n R rlx ’iJ Tilt wht.l, cruise, AM FM stared. '> vinyl 
'up, aula , air. Silver with blue 
541*o *$3 MB*. SIS Hartline rfTTSron Brl; i J letted Yuks aver payments. NO EQUITY Coli 
Ernt* Ml 3871 i i o t 6. body campltft, great cand Fred 73$ 7*78 sr e r a i m uTf .s t 
*49-o*81_____ j W t j H c w ditto paw#” ; air low mi 2144*5* l imans IM Terlte amT BBWBT. 
$1,8oo *<'Binal mi, excallant can 
Btl tan *7$ 1719 tflT R CVV flu f TTTul 'V~l eodt7 
Ask tar Grog All IBOA 

Standard 291 CID Low nu lead*' 
............................. S449S 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S R Military *11 6317 
•7> cisevv *« ton 4Ioiii1omi s sa crh tv nu. 
T i chevy I ion Wrecker Holmes 
44o As is. *25oo 2o7 M W Loop 
41o if { M e w >ru'c e iW R ~ V T . 
3 speed MINT condition A beau tv! 1214 Vance Jackson 732 oo7o 

I A p p a la a s a s t a llio n , I b r o o d m a re , 3 f illie s . A ll r e t is t a r e d . 
A u ra s s lo t.lv S 464-2954 ________ 

A* C U T L A S S 
»94S j44 4773 
A tt, A M F M . V I. p an eled, c a rp e t­ e d 
L a w m ile * . A g o o d b u y a t 
$35oo ! 6S7 o4*4 on yttm a 
Ti. i t ' t h e w V a n o il a lu m in u m 
6* In te rn o h o n a l 5 ton V o n , w ith 
IIH COH 923 3173 
> ifH teV Y V lli l E A U V I L i r " 
Loaded, $475o 341 1931 
T i g u e w V AW -------------- 
C A L L *$$1131___________________ 
I i^ C h g v y V o n i s ir.>:a"or a it.,..s 
Mood First $4oo 4*4 HOO___________ 
75 C H E V V V A N . SW B, S ta n d a rd 
IVO, a ir, c u s to m in te rio r O w n e r 
Jim 444 4oo4 ________ 
74 flit# vy w in d o w V a n , V I. flu to m atic, a ir 
V a ry cle a n 
$149$. 
*22 SEM i i B i i T S U H ' R . c t B B T T s B M ra: stttfd a rd , e x tro cle a n $13*5 M a n u e rj4 \ 9433 
____ 
___________ fio'tsun pickup 
T i E x c e H t n l. 
Com par, new radial* 
Balow 
B O M . $21oo 214 7*12 451 5B15 
7 * 'O TOO- DTde."'Tr"uc i r c a r . 
7.79o actual miles, air. pawer brakes heavy duty rod lo far and b u m p e r $39M a r bast attar' att * pat PBBBIE 
____________ 

* 7 C 171; 7 * C 171 
A p a ch e f F R , C e ss n a A ll 47 
F a ir c h ild P T I* 
L O U IS B U T T O N A S S O C 
__________ $11411 IM I___________ 
C E S S N A IM M aw engine, glass. an d p o in t B o e rn e I $17 4422 

1*7$ C H B R O K E K A I M A ir cen ait ion ad, Uke new 
17$ TT en a ir e ra lf an d e n g in e IP R e q u ip p e d , a lt e n c o d e r a n d I ra n e e o n d e r 
M u st sa# la a p p re c ia te $44.5o4 
TIT 444) or >144783 

84 F o r d P ic k u p 
$458 
C a ll 
9 1 * 4 4 * . atta r 4 g r n _____________ 

71 O ld s R a g e n c y 4 d r . c le a n , lo a d e d $2*4o 
'24 O ld s C u s to m 
C ru ise r W odan im m a c u la te , law m ilo s , lo a d e d $4244 M a n th ru 
F r t . , I ta $; 714 111*. E v a * ., w kends *94 2o44 

A ir, a u to m a tic, po w er 43$ 1441 
'72 
C U T L A S S 
S U P R E M E 
C o n v e rtib le 
COH M o n g o l 141 *411 
7$ C U T L A S S S U P R E M E V I pow er, a ir, ste re * $34*1 341-412$; 
149 1443 
‘74 C u tla ss S u p re m e C le a n , load 
«d, HIM /H J f 7 H AIM 

74 C u tla s s S u p re m e B ro a d h o rn , 
V I , a u to m a tic , p o w e r, t a d a r y a ir , tilt W h e el ta p * d e c k 
O n * ow ner V e ry low m ile a g e In w a r­ ranty $51*5 WHI tra d e O il 2441 

743 MISC H U M O U S AUTOS 

 h m a t a d o r o u i.'V "" m w 
*9 t O H O X L 
................... *995 
/B O L D S , 4 door ...... $895 
78 A M B A S S A D O R .# lid . $4*5 
47 F O R O W agon ....... $495 
'4* B U IC K ............................. 
$1*5 
4* C H E V E L L * . IO M I .. $12$ 
SMITH'S Used Cars 
7o5 S A L A A M ! 
224*144 

76 SCOUT DUH) in tn ’l T ra v e le r 
L o a d e d p o w e r d e e r tag, att, cu sto m in to n e r an d e x t e r io r 
W ill tro d * , f in a n c in g a v a ila b le S$4M I 17*1*31, B o rg 
T ru ck an d im p le m e n t ce Se auh), 
Tx.___ 

HARPER MOTOR CO 
CAMPERIAND ll 5 W M ilita ry D r 924 I 

75 O lds 91 R e g a a c y W ife s c a r, J 
*46oo I-44JM 5U 
‘ 
73 o td s W . t q k e u p paym en t* . J 
COM Ruiyrt. $24 6439 j 
74 o1 o * T O R O N A D O *1*7* 
L e a d e d ' C ru is e co n tro l an d att; b ik e new con dition AU-1441 atter 
6: 341 4o4$ 
; 
71 O ld s T a ro n a d o G o ld . w h it* 
Fu ll* e qu ipped lik e new I a w n e r.) 
IW .f . I1* * 
____ 
47 O lds M . W ifes ca r, $42$ C a ll 
344-M M ar 494 I M I __________ 
71 R oyale, paw ar, goad con dition . 
$4*3 644-713# 
T o k* a v e r p a y m e n ts en 7 1 C u t 
•ass S u p ra m * N e e q u ity . C a ll 
83o491# atta r I m iff? 
____ 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n t* ap 73 C u t la s s S u p ra m a 
N e e q u ity 
C o ll 
8)4 744* ask tor D en n is A tter I at w t t cgH 4S4-432I______________ 
71 T O R O N A D O $23*5 im m a c u la t e 
S t e r e * , lo a d e d ! 
334-4277 e ve n in g s 
___________ 
7 1 T g re n a d a ' L a u d e d , e x c a lla n t ca n d N ew tire s , law m ile a g e . I' a w ear. Atust ig tti S1493 M I-M S * 
74 Taron ad o M e ta liic M u*, w hit* lop it,A M m t . lea de d. Uke new 
$1544 344-5444___________________ 

7 } T O R O N A D O m e ta llic B raw n 
L ew m i. ah e x tra s C ru ise M uef 
*Sii 
__________ 

77 Fo<a P ic k u p , new . VS. put*. a ir. a u x ile r y ta n k , ra d io . S4o#> j take o ver p m ts 453 2843____ I 
64 t i enc x u s G oa d cand:' SSM { 
411-3431 amar 4 j 
4* F O R O p ic k u p . L W B "litJT . I 

 f f t t f J Z g f f f ■, >IffiL . i i i . 
..... 
73 F o r d R a n c h a r a B T 
P a w t r 
B r a k e s , s t e e r in g 
A ir , A M F M 
S t*roo, fa c to ry la c 
A tt eau ** * b u cke t seats, ta lly < a re * le d W ide m ag s I ors of ch ro m o ac ce sso r las a n e n g in e 
B y o w n t r 
1317$ 
Seaum 
I 373 b is* 

7$ F O R D R A N G E R XL T 
S44IE. B ast atta r M I I t l l 
7* F O R D R a n g e r \ui! 194 VS, aute a ir, p a w a r, d u a l ta n k s 
*?] l**S_____________________ 
1971 F o rd R a n g o r S ugar C ap tan, lao d ad r ox* e v a r p a y m en ts n u e o u iT V C ull E rn t * 481 387J 
1*74 F o r d R a n g e l X L T 
F 16o l l oo# m il* * 
F u lly lo a d e d w ith c ru is e c o n tro l A ir co n d itio n in g 
F e w e r s t e e r in g 
44#, V I 
Im m a cu la te condttton W ill s e e n tic* ta r $4 *5# 4 4 1 *3 4 1 w * * k d a y s 
-j B atara i ii# 
"/I F O R D R a n t e r B L T '"r’ la n 
L W B W ith co m p a r 
4$,AM m t. I s e x , n m M f " T * " i _______ i 47 F o rd S u p e r V a n . # c y l. Ila * dard, tarnal B ras, m ap s C B . air, in s u la te d o n d p a n e le d , c u s to m years |I 2*4 BS ^ I M l 

'71 F O R O t N m p ic k a e 
C W * , 
XA I « f . m c* | 2 i 9 2 i l ____ 
TI F O R D ton orc Sue i 
*-*P*«d, SI49S t a i ASI I 

W on ted 1 tar OM C a 
T u rb o P r o p B a s * * in S outh Tex a s S an d re s u m e on d s a la r y de stead ta K x p r e s t atew * b p i is m 
F A A W H IT f f c N S S A N A N T O N tO 
F R B 14 V 
I M N G u a ru n te e d 
A V IA T IO N 
S 8 M I N A R S , 
1*M> 
___ 794-111# 
7* S E N E C A l l . SAI T T 
Im m a c o iq t* c o n d ilie n 
F u ll K in g 
•FR . in clu d in g K N AS O M E . N S O 
1*6 s la v e d H S I, a n im a lic i l l C 
N a ce lle fuel ta n k s F rtc * I* sen 
C o n fa c t 
R a n M u s la in , N A Y A K 
A V IA T IO N , 513 434 9459__________ 

W H Y N O T A rd o r'a N ew 
P I P E R to y o u r aw n 
Spacrhcahan*, co li F ra n k A d a m s, 

 r f l' lT s ^ 'T ra v e l T ra ito r* ------- 
H a rp e r M at er C a C a m P e rla nd 
2441 S W M ilita r y *14 St 14 
W* T W I L L Typos xT T rov.l 
T ra ito rs COH 
M E L . 91* **>4 

Nice house. T out buildings, fruit orchard. Watt, stack toad. Mack NI sandy loam. Nos ever ything jo t 
V A J O O S Realtor (tl3>7M H is , 
Karnes C ity 

Tr j r e it t v s if lr B a r y M on. c attent tor h shtng o n d SX I m g A M 
1 adm m id d e pthtta dor, 7 th# Jam * san a n d d rtv a a a t r a ile r 
L o o k s and tu n s parsec I $ IS M U7 2771 
H W m T ite n ia n ir'Bi'uM n a H fls ru w in d s h ie ld v a ry fa n c y b a a l w ith 1971 Iflflh p J o h n s o n w it h p a w ar tut en d trim ond 197* to * la m d riv e o n tra de r M u st yeti du e 
|t* illn e s s 
C o s t m e $447$, w ill sa c rlttc a tar s»7$ M2-I77I 

G I G A N T I C S A V I N G S O N C id - veoul at new 1974 in v a d e r s a n d 
D ec x flo u ts J o h n s o n a n d M a r ­ c e l s A ls * R a c k B o tto m p r ic e s en 1977 m o d e ls R a y s * M a n n a . 
C a n y o n t a k e 
H w y 1*71 n e a r 
S lu r lr vine J 199 i i i # irginTittw, im v, hi nr 
S IT pro p. m in t co n d itio n a x il a s. 
$4493 494 eta* 

48 C u tla ss S u p re m e V S autom u he. paw ar, fa c to ry M r, a ic a a h o a oily t it a n $149$ Rf ll tro d e 9 3 l m i 
'78 C u tla s s S u p re m o . 2 d r. a i n 
H Y T ; g a 
- r n _______ 
71 C u lt* SS S oa r erne $299$ E x tra 
C l* aa :.»> m ites *11 IE M 
74 C u tla s s S u p re m e , e x c e lle n t con d in sid e an d owl. te a ks goad d riv e s to a d 
C am * se a ' 
$i4oc 
712 «4M. 
7 3 "b e llo "I# R o y a l* 4 dour, 44,BM m i . v in y l lop $35oo ar best otter. 
$24 1244 

7$ D O D G E C lu b L a b . c o m p a r, 
Loop ed S ot n ile * ' $47M 2144741. k u tu n d » om 
O R M i i Dodo* G ood T im e s V o n I S r , 
A M F M , la a e d e ck C B , V#. au f* 
L o ts at e x tra s G e H in g m a rrie d , m ust 
SOHI 
S4oM 
I 42$ 114* o n y h m e______ J ___________ 

71 D o d g e L IM B W in d o w V a n . 
S ig e l 4 $1195 A lle r 4 4 9 4 2 /M 
75 D o d g e p ic k u p 
A u la , L W B , m ir r o r s , r e a r b u m p e r 
M ik e : 
32/ 9944 atta r $ 
______________ 
‘7) Do*#* S p o rtsm e n R o vui V on 
- «.u-.I n ice ABI 3744 
44 Dud** 
,l p ick up. auto. *eod ga p ing SZM. M I 7914 
7$ D a d a * V o n . b la c k c u s to m a a m t p o w e r s te e rin g b ru g e s , 
Quip M o ck Shoo c o rg e L Wk SAJ/ 
77 D O D G E V a n , c o n v e r t e d , 
SAM# 3M #74I je r r y , tam-tam 
74 b a d g * V a n C u sto m in te rio r, 

 t t a i l M ! X ii' i L U L m i * * *__ 
*8 D O D G E V a n . g o a d ru n m g 
US* t4!! 
__ 
O R IV E IN T R U C K S A L V A G E 
F I C K U F T R U C K F A R T S 
J91 Car eau H w y. 92A655I. jjil 

M 2 W T M N im s ubn rn 
■H JTfVT»V? r?»UTII 
I M I N W LOOR 41# 
734-5131 
14' C h a m p io n ; s t l i c o n t a in e d , 
J2,7o# m i Uke new . m a n y e x tra s . 
$9 OM A M 3779 
!* / i b a b a* M a fa r te a c h , ca m p i* 
•elf serif-can ta m e d 344 V B . auto. p o w e r , a v e r a g e M F G 
14 g n r e g u la r g a s , I a ir , n e w t ir o s - shacks. M a n y e x tra s 144 3314 
H T# 6 6 6 6 1 T O r b t Y S n / l H 
M a la r H om e 
F u lly lo a d e d 
J SO* m il* * . 
C a ll 
F t i e r 
P o r k e r , 
R o m a do in n . L o a * a i * a n a San 
P a d r* . S a tu rd a y a fte rn o o n a n d 
Sunday. 1444581 i’T r>uifg« f 'Viiismtn ill, tim 
I vette d ta m otor hom e M u st sa* ta uppr et lute *94 594* attar 6 an d 

T la d da d , 
IV O w ner, 
M i trn m t ia iu m 

•78 G o ld " T a r an t 
O nly $7o4-444-14tp 

C B 166 G . b i t e A r a k * . R u n s 
G rea t. M M 4*o*114 a r 114*1127 
«A*k* 
C L 17$ H aaB a t c r g m ktar , U M RN. m i.. 
_ i i b t $ M Sucuht, SEM ca sh C u ll 
S H I U _____________ 
I97S H o n e y O o v id s a a , 124«<< w e i r t k t t , it,NO 
*7A i m . 

J t H A R L B Y 6 A V 1o S o n T L U , m m iles, KIM dran k, S M M h rm tv N U ar / M I S S I 

TR A D E WINDS Auto Saids 
• B E FIN A N C E* 
3M3 SW M I L I T A R Y 
*32 27o3 
= 
---- we t w i t LL---------- 
U S E D C A R S A N O T R U C K S 

J A N N E Y M O T O R S j f lk B R O A O W A V 
82* 221J 
^ ^ EW T T O U I WANT ITT 
IN IMI I X re t 66 N tW S 
C M L Its - I M A __________ 

U se d C a r t F ro m O u r R e n iM F lo a t 
Ii* ?* U sa d ) t i l l S O U T H T E R M I N A L i v internally £oll #U«M>, 

M U S T S C L L I *7$ C u tla ss E x c e l lent, best atta, *94-4733 
74 O L D S C u tla ss S u p ram a , take a v a r e a y m a a tt. n a e q u ity , c a ll 
_Jotin i i i m g Jo* .v s . 

'*7 O ld s C u tla s s G o a d ru n n in g 
'X t m A B g f i . / A M M I 
_ 

 h o i i n l y M i a m i 

Lo a * M cQ u e e n e y 311 6)7* . r a n . . 1 . . flu fU u .ifimo far' 
Hi 
. 
. w _ ^ Mf 

» 
L o rs is n i i ' P lb t r g la s s | g q ) 
M d T ra tig r 
IM hp E u N tru d * L a w 
H rs pa w ar N im l l a n d I# p a l pp* ta n k s e xca ttan t co n d itio n sa74$ 
311-111* M rs b a r o i 9 t m e a i n 

T ra v e l T ra d e rs M o to r H om a* 
UAM M I’S WORLD w > e a f t i i Y i k i m m 

Cage 
8-E- - Son Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Saturday February I 2 I 9 7 7 

‘72 N e w m a n , 23', F ib e r g l a s s 
I M HP. 1-o M ereruiser, ideal tor 
GOU, well cored far, 24o’ depth finder. Cobia CB. tandem wheel galv. frailer with brokes. Other entros. MI-1123._____________ 
R o ce r-C ru ise r-W in n e r of C lass, 
Texas Ocean Racing Circuit 197* 
F u lly e a u ip p e d 
Irw in 
38'. 
I 854-n 88, 991 8382 
74 R a n g e r b a s s Boat, rigg e d , drlveon trailer, 75 Johnson 85hp. 
S4ooo, best Offer 679 7338, 696 8344 ofter 6 
R A N G E R m odel 155 A, M e re 
8Shp, custom drlveon trailer, fish finder, foot control troller 5499V 
T E X - A L L B o o t, 2 2? 9628 
Sailboats - Canoes, large selection 
N E W Sailboat Shop, Austin 
4o4 Highland Mall Blvd 454 7171 
;Vl Sec Roy, 24\ A-l cond Lo?s of extras, 574oo. Will finance 658 2956 oft 5pm.__________________________ 
JO' Sea Roy, Center, Console, 188 
I O, 16mo. old T an d e m T ro lle r 
Elec Wench, Outrigger, Canopy, 
$75oo. 341-7o24, I 854 3795 

8oS SPORTING GOODS 
S M IT H, 
A n 'S T o l t 
R E V O L V E R . I Buy , Sell, Trade. 
Henry Tindall Guns, 341-o119 
S M l f H. W E S S O N ,' A N O C O L T 
R E V O L V E R I Buy, Sell, Trode 
Henry Tindall Guns, 341 o119. 

8o8 HUNTING ft FISHING 
C A B IN 8x1o, 3 w indow s, floor, id e a l fo r C a m p in g s to ra g e ! 
826-2487 oft 4pm__________________ 
Co si for Rainbow Trout, limited time, reservation 695-8111 

Selling m y equity in 23' Moira in board, approx 4o hr. T T„ Galv d o lly d r iv e on t ra ile r , 225 
C h ry sle r M o rln e engine, depth finder, 
C B eauipped. 
494 6363. 
494 2379. 
68 S ID E W IN D E R Ski Boat 
125 Hp. m ercury motor 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 Mi. north of Boerne 
RT 
2 
BO X 
127, 
S A 
Phone, 
224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12 5 p m 
S p y D E R 
B ass Boat Dem onstrators 
New motors, trollers, $2295 
6618 Randolph Blvd , 654 o38o 
D ISC O U N T BO AT S A L E S 

H IL L C O U N T R Y 
3o A C R E S 

M any deer, turkey, $75o down p a y m e n t 
$115.76 per mo. 
Owner financed Call 734-9363 

81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

73 L A N C E R . 14x72 2 bedroom, w bath, central oir, bhat, furnished, im maculate 
532-636$; 
648-o745 eve*. 

LEON SPRINGS 

15 minutes north on IH IO 3 bedroom 2 or 3 bedroom units with land Included Fenced, trees, covered patio, storage building, carport. 414,ooo to 
421,ooo Up to IS years term s by owner 
B IL L P R IC E , R E A L T Y 
349 2*o7 

81o - MOBILE HOMES SALE 

1973, I2’x5o', 2 bedroom s. Fully fu rn ish e d W ith equity and as- sume paym ents of 483.85 *33-22o6 
14x8^, J bedrooms, i full baths. wosher, dryer. ton air cond 
1-772-31o5 
' 7 5-14' X 7o' m o b ile h om e , 
2-b e d ro o m s, 2 b o th *. A ir. N o equity. 
Toke over paym ents 
337-6964 
1ox46 with 1ox15 room attached 
1ox2o patio cover, 3 bedroom s, I ' i bath, central heat and air. Lack land Park No 
I, 224 S 
Plaza, 
674 6442 

Seasonal deer leose available now in hill country eves 674-8164 
4 ton R a m se y e le ctric W inch, 
44oo 927-2242 

81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

Vt ACRE 
IS m inutes North of N orth Star 
M all Oak trees, good soil. Hill 
C o u n try 
U tilitie s a v a ila b le 
42,195, 4195 dow n, 44o 56 per month for 5 years, 8% Interest. 
194 3419 or 
3 12 18o8 
L A 
X E C R O F T R E A L E S T A T E 

'74 Magnolia double, 24x54, 3 be droom. 2 bath, central heat, air. 
Equity, assum e 492 9251_________ 
M O B IL E H6 M E O W N E R S 
Need a little extra cosh? 
W E buy Mobile Home Tires and 
Wheels SIO. Each. B ring in or we pick up 
S U N S E T M O B I L E H O M E S 
2762 S W M IL IT A R Y O R 

9 2 2 -o 5 4 o 

812 Mobile Home Spaces ond Fom H y section. 

IS ' T e rry B o ss with troll motor end depth finder, trailer, 2Shp 
Johnson, electric stort. *1,75o 
341 2161, 227 9181 
Tournament Bass Fisherm an 
Fully loaded 18ft Red and White 
Falcon , 135ho E v ln ru d e , 12-24 
M a g n u m troll, 2 lo c a te rs , 2 llvew ells, 3 sw ivel seats. D illy trailer 494 13o5,349 o612 
V 156 trailer 
Shoreline Glastron 
5o HP Evlnrude,'74 69o 9237 
W A N T E D , 
G A L V A N IZ E D 
T R A IL E R for 16 ft boat. 473 *698 

8o6 SPORTING GOODS 
G im ^lTovvTFeb ^n!nl<M 37i97M jt the M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m B a ­ sement. Buy-Sole Trade ond Dix- ploy. Open 9 a.rn 51.oo adm ission 
H unting pistol. T h o m p so n con te n d e r, 3o 3o, new le u p h o ld scopes, 418o 491 1o53____________ 
Over KMX) Guns to Choose from 
B U Y - S E L L — T R A D E 
_______Am erican Loon C o _______ 
Remington rn fin bolt action rifled* power W eaver scope, with sling and earring case Used very little, excellent cond. 415o. 342 6732 

A D D A RO O M , Custom Built, Del. 
Terms, 923 4346 
Beautiful 19x82 C A M E L O T Mobile 
Home on lovely L E O N S P R IN G S 
M O B IL E H O M E V IL L A Lot Call 
698 2224 tor appointm ent to see this lovely home._________________ 
2 bedroom unfurnished 44995 
R E O R IV E R Mobile Homes. 
*53 9751 

2 BEDROOM with 24x29 room added on, beau tiful oaks, approx I acre 
344 6268 
341 6566 
695 3113 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 

 club house with swim m ing pool Paved streets, u n d e rg ro u n d utilities, large lots, no pets, best m ain- taintd park in town, on S.E Mili- troy D r west at IH37, across from 
Brooks Field, indian Hills Mobile 
Home Park 333 o83o 

961 - BUSINESS EOUIPMEWT 
981 BUSINESS EQHIPMEHT 

WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

Hew Bosk tram ......... $99 
Mew H as from ............ SSO 
*L»------- 
A 
■In A-.......... . 
# 
•WWW PiW f UMH HI TTVNRhmw. 
New b e c chem from $99.5o 

Aba Used furniture 
126 Joe A m Street or 
IM lOetGilahro, 736- 559o 
Alt M w Cash an i Carry 

R E CO R D-O-F O N E 
Automatic Telephone Answering, 
Recording, coli d ive rtin g eqpt 
Competitive prices. Call Anytime; 
Ralph s Electronics, 675 22*5 

C L O S IN G O U T 
R e m a in s of 
Plum bing Co. Tools and fittings 
1o6 Cyril. 6533422 
Coates electric boller. 164.oooBTU 
22o volt 3 phase 341 8228 
Complete groups of office furni­ ture Call 8-4, 225 574*. 

M O B I! T H O M E O N I ' 
C A L L 698 2851 
T o t T 

M U ST S E L L I New 76 tow n and 
C o u n try 
14x72, 2 -t 'i, sto ra g e room, porch Other extras Low equity, assum e payments. 
661 78o5__________________________ 
74 P A R K W O O D 12x65, I' /baths, 
3 bedroom *95oo. 658-9o53 eves. 
‘68 R e m b ra n d t M o b ile M otel. 
12x6o, double insulated. Duplex 
922 5256 or 923 3912_____________ 
'54 SP A R T A N , 8x4o *4,oo9 Very good cond 695 8174____________ 
71 Sunbeam mobile home, 12x7o J bdrm , I bath, partly furnished, 
S49oQ. 652 2264, Schertz___________ 
TOP D O L L A R P A ID 
FO R U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
826 324o 
926 4424 

Complete set up for Fast Printing shop, for sale Eq u ip m e n t and fixtures like new Save T H O U 
SA N D S of *4*. Principals only. 
828-19o3________________________ _ 
| Copier Pitney Bowes 262, 4975 or 
; Pick up Lease pmts. of 446 6o. 3oo 
I Breesport 349-39o3.______________ 

I 
| Custom bor 9 stools, combination gift counter ond cash re giste r cobmet, 4 compartment stainless 
E v e r y other m onth free for I steel sink, some tables ond choirs 

CANYON LAKE 
E x t ra la rg e m ob ile hom e lot 
41474, *75 down, 84 m onths at 
*21 83 A P R 8% 
Call A Jones, 226 23o3 

Steam Kettles, G R O A N , m odel 
AH 3o and model AH 6o. Self con tam ed heating units. Stain le ss steel in perfect condition, t ilt 
Basse Rd., 733-73*7 or 734 3o81 
S T O R E F I X T U R E S tor so le , second safe 6ox36x3o, a irplan e fans. Leeds 4o1 W. Com m erce 
914 ANTIQUES 
414 ANTIQUES 
BUILDING MATERIALS 
^ 

!! FREEH 

 whole year B uckingham Village 
Mobile Home Park 658-2811 

Leon Spring R em or Sell 
Hom es Available 349-26o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 

B<-ryi'* Mobile Home Center 
N E W and U S E D 651 6961 
16513 IH 35 N O R T H (Selm a Exit) 
C h a rm in g 12X44, 2 b d rm . '73 model, very clean, covered patio, fenced yard, N E, in Cozy Cove 
P k , 585 mo 656 1818______________ 
Double Wide Mobile Hom e Low down paym ent Bargain for Good 
Credit Risk 698 237o_____________ 
Furnished 12x6(1, i bedroom, T» both, with extras, S6395 927 5749 j aft. 5:3o and wekends 

J ft R MOBILE HOMES 
New Used, 114oo IH 35N *556)471 

73 T R U S T It. 24 x6o . 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, c o rn e t 
A w n in g , d ish w a sh e r 
V e ry good con d ition 
512,5oo 658 8884 or 651 *822 
W A N T E D 1 Used Mobile Hom es 
C A SH and F A ST S E R V IC E 
C A L L M R M IL E S , 924 4231 
W A N T E D 1 Used Mobile Homes. 
C A SH ond F A S T S E R V IC E 
C A LL 
M R M IL E S , 924 4231 
W E T A K E T R A D E INS. W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L 
M A X _____________ 924 4225 
1973, 12x6o. 2 bedroom, r i baths, skirted C entral heot, air Rec sonohle 684 9o59 oft 5___________ 
14x61 J bedrooms, 2 baths, central air, heat, new corpetinq, covered patio 661 6847, 661 4o37__________ 
14x78, 3 bedroom s, J both* A v su m o p a y m e n ts , low e q u ity . 
658 1783 ofter 6 p m __________ 
2 bedroom s Central air, 

 l 6 t f 6 r 55 M H 44o M O 
LO U N O R Mobile Home Park 
2414 Castroville Rd 433 2o*4 
M O B IL E H O M E p a r k L o t s 
Rent *45 M o F H A approved 
Judson Ind. Schools 658 oo22 
N E , S h a d y A c re s T ra ile r Pk fenced, store room, trees, S37.5o. 
Near W indsor Pk Moll 826 87*6 

M B. Chacon, 828 5661 

7 Dictaphones, 2 transcribers All hove been under service contract. 
Total P r ic e *7oo or w ill se ll separately 732-5134 

I F S * ? ; heat 
Assum e 
691 1428 paym ents. 
4127. 

NORTH ON SANPEDRO 
L arge site for Mobile, ready to m ove on to 443oo N am e your term s 
Lokecroft Real 
Eatate. 
494-3419 

 o T k h o l L o w p a r k n w . 
Spaces for rent, oak trees, pool, near UTS A *99 oo92, 69o 859o 
SE Loop 41o ai E Southern*}, 26 
OC, util , 333 2741 313 4847 
Several Mobile Homo P a rks For 
Sole 
Santee Co , Realtors 653 o4*o . 

9o1 BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

Droft Beer D isp ensers. Perlick 
2 keg, 2-spout with com pressor. 
*399 5o 4 keg, 4 spout with com pressor, 5549 Both in excellent condition IIH Basse Rd. 733-7367 
D R A F T IN G T A B L E . 72x38m 
L ik e new co n d itio n 
D ra ftin g 
Stool Blueprint and m ap cabinet. 
IIJ I 
Basse 
Road. 
733-7367, 
734-3o81. 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPAHY 
2(4 8 ' No. J TP .. m o o . 
2x4 precut fir 
89« m . 
4x8 7/16 R.V 4 ft. sda. hardboard . $8.9$ as. 
I T i l A ’ smooth lap sdg.... 77* ft. 
12" i 1ft’ rough textured tap sda. .. 314 ft. 
4x8 5/32 mahogany woeAxmetmg .. $3.99 sa 
Carr, iran 
$19.95 sa. 
12 V* ga. 2 pl. barb w k * 
$14 95 roll 
12’ gab. stool gat* $27.95 
14' gab. stool gat* $32.95 
16' gab. stool gat* $37.95 

ALL TOP 

Q UALITY STOCK 

ON E STOP CIN T ER 

C & S LUMBER 

COMPANY 

4 6 4 7 ROOSEVELT 

(5 1 2 ) 9 2 4 4 5 5 6 

For A L L N EW and U S E D Kitchen 
Equipment and Supplies See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co 
19oo Son Pedro 
733 o931 
IO It Fabtex m obile p latform . 
735-9137, 8 3o till 5 JO 
Hospital Sterilizers, one electric, one go* 341-8228 
I hot water heaters, 36,ooo BTU 
Water softener. 25 lb Bra Boy 
H uebsch 3o and 5o lb. d ry e rs 
Utility units 
White conveyor 
824 86o5 

• LEASING • 
Speciolizinq rn Business and Professional Equipm ent 
Save Tax Conserve Capital 
GUNN FOSTER, INC 
_______ 
26oJ B ro a d w a y _________227 9381 
Cot955L Traxcavator with Ripper O livetti P6o1 M in i C om p u te r, and canopy. Just 216 hours since Id e al tor sm a ll b u s in e s s w ith new 449,5oo 623-2331, *75-2231 routes. 722 Partridge, 341 4422 

.16o,ooo BTU, 85 gal woler healer. 
12o,ooo g ra in w ater softener. 
Good cond 434 /868 
MERCHANDISE IWIART 

■ 
S 
S 
S 
2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
o QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 
GET THERE 
I 

 m MERCHANOISf MMI 
A C C O R D IA N , brand new. mon s size 673-8323 
A dding m achine, Olivetti, Clee 
Irk . 45o Call *84 2668 
Air com pressor with hoses. Sears 
I H P Spray paint gun and 3 gallon tank, like new st*o *9696J? 
A ir conditioner u 6o BTU. tom olete single bed. and m atching d re sse r with bed stand, choir. dining room table 276 oo39 H 
ZITTn one comb sink, rebig, elec 
Stove, oven 342-o226 
Ait M u si Go! Sofa 419, Desk and 
Chest *29 each D resser 434, Dou 
M e Bed 434 Refrigerator, Stove 
444, too num erous to mention all 
17oS West Ave I (5 6pm 732 6595 a M f m stereo with 8 trot ti and turn table 48o *23 6513 
A P P L IA N C E S , electric built in oven, cook top. dishw ash er, ex cedent 826 2864 
Automatic TeU-phooe Answer and 
M e ssa ge taking m achine Sales 
Dem onstrator Retails. 442o, now 
*294 
R e c o rd O F o n e . new warranty 674-2245 onytime______ 
Avocado stay*, to mo* old, W I. 
349-195o after 2pm________________ 
A A B Y G R A N O Piano with very old bench, 415oo 224-4755________ 
B A B Y G R A N O Piano with very old bench *15o(5274-4755 
A A B Y items, recliner, china, old trunk 874-924 after 5 3o__________ 
Baby sw ing 41o 

ESTATE 
SALE 
Sat, bb. 12,1o-5 PJL 
Sun . bb. l l , I 5 PJL 
B O I I. B O W W O O D 
(a t S h o o k ) 
Th* fit ate ti 
Po* I Marita (de teased) tole will include lh* (ampleIe furnishings ond Inc 8 trot of his 4.ooo so ft home 
I? piece German Chippendale dining room Ruby gloss than debar french tone lace 
Sterling crystal, silverware, J 
Grandfather clocks, chino, pool room, brass, Aionial items, books 
Minor jewelry, quilts, 
(amiral girns collection, antique whatnots Wrought non, electric rocking horse for grandchildren, den furniture, kitchen wore 
Wesley teed, agent foe the estate, wit1 be in attendance as the property is also being ll quids! ta 
U U (ON(HKTIO 81 

J. K A H N I A S S O C 
5o96 Stance. 342 -4872 e In kxheff a t the fam ily * 

G ray and white mink and leather locket W rap around. Size 8 Worn once 449o 684 o525___________ 
Green Loloniol Rocker, 345, Star- eo with 7 sp e a ke rs *4o Uphol stered Rocher S4o 696-o369 
G uitar 6 i/ A T lO N . ro u n d back with cose, like new S25o 927 1948 
H eavy pool fable, V In slate bed w ith a c c e s s o rie s *275 C u rtis 
Mottles 75in Color TV with stereo system console, 428o 674 5538 
Humm el Annual 1974 pioie tail 
654-1277__________________________ 
IBhA electric typ e w rite r, model 
C Checkwriter Paym aster Portv table with chairs 736-1o9o 
Italian Provincial, olive green ond hiege quilted sofa 4775 7 M atch­ ing borrel! back green silk choirs, 
*75 eg 878 53o1. 
21 J E W E L L illinois railroad was. engraved, made around 1*1o, 414o 
435-4471 
J u k e b o x e s a n d g a m e *. Ca IT: 
344-7444 atter 4 or wknds 
Kenm ore wosher and dryer, SHO tor both 922 9444 
Kustom P A JO* good condition 
Column speakers, 534o 69* 845) 
I edit* ond boys clothes, leaiher coots ond aquarium , 414-1o41 
I a rg'i-"China cabinet % I V) 

R ed M e d ite rra n e an Soto. 417o. 
Red lounge chair, 464. Excellent condition 673-6968 
Refrigerator, Copperton*, frost tree, 52oo 696 9183_______________ 
P drlgerotor 16 co It Frost Free 
P in k o 977 9*95___________________ 
Refrigerator", freezer, automatic washer, w orks good Reasonable 
226-1959 
Retrigerotor Freezer F ro *tie s* 
I* co. it side by side * mo old 
337 684o o ,-frigerator, I; 5 CU ti . side x side m good w orking condition 
333 o221 
Refrigerator, lorge, sea Ranae. 
535 Bed. com plete, 425. L iv in g room set. 435 Automatic washer. 
445 Large living room lamp. 43o. 
M isc 337 8898 
R E F R IG E R A T O R - small, in run ning condition, 475. 73? 43o8 
R e 'f'S l "6 ¥ R A TR, good condition. 
S73 Coll 471 4495 
A e trlg e ra fo washer 412o; 
491 1686 

4126; F r ig id a ir e gas dryer 4114; 

W A N T E D 
Old used Golf C lubs 
M cG regor Woods only 824-78o6 
Washer ond dryer, Whirlpool, apt size. both HO volts, 475o. L ike new 
Copt 
Thompson, dovs, lit 271o 
Water B- rt with fram e and liner, 
435. Stereo con sole. 435 
P V r 
Portable Craig A M T M cassette, 
S4o L a rry 223 5815 
W e ste rn Saddle, 

DITTMAR LUMBER 

SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Born (orrug Iron lengths to TO 
524.95 V] 
Iii? Rough cedar lumber 
SSI Un <1 

Railroad bes 
$4 95 eo 
Asbestos Siding 
526.95 sg 
Ook Whiskey barrels 
$IS.9Seo 
?4olb S OHg, colors . 13.95 sq. 
IS lh felt, 4 vq.mil 
56.49 roll 

Insulation 3 
9* sg f! 
Insulation 6 l$4sq ft 
THE MONEY SAVER 
Mature Hor 9* feint AmwHtord 
WH*re CoVi Buy* at WHeteiel* 

S E D 

4«H A N N U A L 
^ 
ANTIQUES 
Show-Sole 

P * b . 1 o - 1 1 - 1 2 
T h urn., Fri., S o t. 
W o n d e rlan d M all 
(Frederickxbweg Cd. vt 41o) 

1 o - 9 D a ily 

1 o - 6 S a t u r d a y 
F re e P a r k in g 

FREE Adm ission 

Furniture, linens, gloss, dolk, jewelry, primitives, bronzes, toys and MUCH. MUCH MORF' 

American 
Antiqua Auction 
8«w 4wy, Pat. 18, I P J I. 

I ml. (aet *4 I m b W , AFB 
Mote Ga** on Hwy. TV. 

♦sir* to ______ 
1 8 *o '* M odum M i (hag. 
SSC*"* 

B o b 

M A X W E L L B A N K 
O F A N T IQ U E S 
6 5 8 - 1 2 6 4 
Auctioneer JOHN IAXN LS 
TxO c-77-zm a 

DACBERT’S 

IN V E N T O R Y CLEARAN CE 
N e w cm d U s e d O r g a n * 

Used organs famous brands: lowrey, Hammond, Kimball, 
Wurlitzer as low a s ......................................... $ 1 4 9 . 5 o 
New Thomas Kern bo O rgan Reg. S A W — 
Closeout at % S9 S 
N ew Kimball 8o, Reg. 
Sale $ 8 6 5 
New Spinet Piands'from $ 6 9 8 . 
A few used Upright af $ 2 9 8 as is. Plus many other piano and organ values. 
DACBERT’S Music Plaza 
N O B T H — 
5 2 3 3 W a lt e r s ? R d . 
6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 
S o u t h — 
1 4 D O N o g a l it o s 
. 2 2 3 - 6 1 5 1 

93? JUICTWIjjUi 

E S T A T E S A L E 
Feb 
19,2o,21. 
Watch for Defoils, The M o ra n ?* 
734-5*68 

LUMBER BARGAINS 
Intel Wall Point 
$3.5o 
?«4 8 precut No 3 select 
794 
24o lh Sealdown shinges $13.95 
4.8 V C O * Plywood .. $6.99 
4.8 i plywood 
$1o.25 
?4i?4 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 
AIUMINUM FATH) DOORS 
6 loot ............... 
$89 

“CASH AN D CARRY” 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o7 I. Durango 
533 5115 

A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
Sunday. Feb 6. I 3o PM 
G a ry 's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx 
Call 398 37o1 
A ntiq u e H O O S IE R K IT C H E N 
C A B IN E T 4356 341-6o92. 

A Place In Time 
4337 M cC u l l o u g h 
19ft. pine bor, new shipm ent of slothed and beveled alo**, ceiling tan s, b a n q u e t oak tab le and chairs, sm all rolltop desk, pine benches, iron beds, new glass c r y s t o l ________________________ 

J U D Y 'S G E N E R A L S T O R E 
528 Exeter 
Tavern (pub) table 
Gom e (chess) table 
L A R G E , a n tiq u e w a rd ro b e m ohogony) 14o yrs old. 826-9529 
M IR R O R R E S IL V E R IN G 

Division of Finishing Touch Inc. 
112o Partridge, 349-3689 
Oak clowfoot table. J oak rolltop d e sks, w ic k e r ch a ir a n d sofa, b ra ss beds, hatracks, light fix­ tures, bentwood w ashstand, oak dressers, arm oire. Chippendale sldechair, nightstands, oak bent glass china cabinet, tables, m ir­ rors and much more Wed thru 
Sat., 1o-6, 36)5 Broadw ay 
Old dishes, 4 doctor * books (M o y r* old), ornate qoid locket and pierced earrings. 494-741o 

OP A ’S A N T IQ U E S 
22o3 S Hackberry 
Ornate Walnut Bed 
Oak W ashstand 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E . 5o8 Dallas 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
SO L ID B R A S S H E A D B O A R D S 
824-6925__________ 3123 Broodw ay 

B E S S ’ A N T IQ U E S 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 661-5582 
B R A S S 
C A SH 
R E G IS T E R S . 
N C R * 
1131 B A S S E RD. 
B U Y S E L L A P P R A IS E 
Best Prices Paid tor Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TOWN 8. C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826-2749 36o9 Broadw ay 715-2414 

Chippendale Chairs 
Grobo Antiques. 7934 Austin Hwy 
C R O W N 
H I L L 
A N T IQ U E S . 
D IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D ­ 
W AY. 826-1991. New Shipment of 
Am. Country Furniture Blanket 
Chest, Sh ake r Item s. Toieware, 
A ro w b a c k B e n c h . B r a s s a n d 
Pewter. Candle Stands. Rockers, 
Clocks 

414o in d ia n sorldie, 
4*5 
A rm y English 
735 1188 
W h I r L p O O I 11,ooo b t u oir con ditioner I year old 673 8o42 
Windshield, grille assem bly tor *o 
Chevy PU 535 6797833__________ 
♦ x ii U m brella Tens, com plete 
455. 13o metot folding chairs, *4 ea or 439o for all 341 6224, 8 5 JO r e k l t H T o L ' S R P O R t A f t L F 
L A T E M O D E L TV SISO 7111831 
Zenith i i " Color TV, perfect cond 
415o, 926879* 

R ocking horse, 
48 D re ss** 436-667o fcaby-tiilng* Stroller, potty, high choir, pants, shirts, clown chair, socks Good shape all 44o 648 1447 it - -lustful 6 2o carat * a ■ ’n i s 
ANTO NIO . T X 78222 2 
648 3399 
M R S 2 l l 77 O ATE3-1I 77 IO 4o1 
Bills pd. I bedroom 4135 Dell crest Clr 668 3399 or *94o446 
Beautiful Litre kew Spanish iiyie 
Oueen Size Bedroom Set Triple 
D re s se r, W ith T w in M ir r o r s , , 
Chest on Chest, com plete 414o 
17o5 West Ave 
Beautiful lot. mode! Toppnn gas stove with grille 49o Matched set w a sh e r-d ry tr, m int con dition, 
4225. B lo ck and white TV 444 
R C A c o lo r p o rta b le 
4175. 
F rtgidoire 2-door gold frost tree refrigerator, beautiful condition 
4224. Chrome dineHe 4 choirs SJO 
8 ft portable bar 3 stools 4158. 
D ro p leat h a rve st tobte honey mople 4 chairs 411o Chest freezer 
475 Double mattress set 45o, King m attress set 44o Tw in or bunk beds 4)25. Hide ohed. file cabinet. 
I shaped desk 656-3288 
Beautiful M edium blue Star No tu ral S a p p h ire 4 2o c a r o ls un- mounted only serious inquires. otter 6 686-4181 b e a u tifu l o i l W hite W e d d in g 
Gown with 
Veil 
Size 
9 41oo. 
656-6926 
Beautiful uiont’s for Valentines 
Day. 643-46)9 
B l ' i u f Y L h G IS ' e G L iip L z e n T dryer, sham poo bowl, sham poo choir, hyd raulic chair. All like nee 698-1459 ofter 6pm 
Bt 5 double, rem ote co n iro l lo raise tower head and toot, excel­ lent mattress set 43oo 654 3239 
B e ? 

C olor TV/ 19- Portable excellent cond *135 5348935 f a S V V V - i V -p V rT T tiJ T f6 / p71 let rifle. 43o 4981478 c S r & R T V ? ? ' F f A ~ e x'cT TIe' nl 
SITS Black and white portables. 
437 5o, 445 733 o7*2 j 
Couch ond love seol, excellent condition. Spanish style. 4274 Coll I 
652-3355 before 4pm 658 2882 after ; 
4pm 
COUCH. 444 C H A IR . Ilk 
; i 
Coil 337-4753 
I 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
Oak. Walnut. M etal Executive, j Secretary, Student • lorge setae 
Ilio n *49 4o and up A lso Geed 
.selection of F IL E C A B IN E T S 
I I IH B a ss* Rd . 713 7367, 734 3o81 
Dinette seL' $45 Double b o sse r m as 415 Adiustabie hollyw ood bed fro m *. 48 M irro r. 24x36", j 41o S le e p in g bog, 41o 
Zenith 
I stereo turntable, ond speakers. 
'*6 5 643-4119_____________________ 
D IN IN G room set. 6 m o * old. i brown leather swivel seat wooden table top 
Gold basos. 
41oo 
*571549 
_________ 
D IN IN G fob!#, old solid wood with 
I* chairs Law n mower. Portable fence 673 29oo___________________ 
Double Dresser and Bab. i i i . le i of Twin Beds. Maple *9o for both, 
I* pc O in e ff* *75. R e frig e ra to r j 5124. Stove 44o. 922 9249 
' (2) Dressers, I bedroom set One hospital bed 532 1o47 otter « 
Elecirlc guitar, great condition 
Choop John Kelly, 644-o148 
E L' f f f l l V f f l A I T i r T K'o iio i 
Onions Big notional m arket waif- i mg oil you con grow 713-1117 lin cy cio p t-d io s, 44o Size 14 told 

Coll U t ooo5 
T F t o w n m o w e r 3ou , e x c e lle n t condition. 53o 492 2414___________ 
L iv in g Room Sol, 71 j C ouch, I arm choirs, ottoman. All in mar oon Naugahyde, Excellent Condi­ tion SIO Also Wood G roin Coffee 
Table. 2 End Tobies, 59o 736-4223 
Love Seat Hide a Bed 4 m o* old 
42oo 496-1817 before IO a rn 4 
Lu cc h e se boot*, E d w in C lo o p 
*hoev block 7' iC, toke *5o, No t 
Wilton wood 42o 87? 1744_________ 
I w l cam p e r *helt. *175 New 
Braunfels 624-3218 nit#* 
M ^ T A L , Detectors. Sup er Bro, tio o M in i P ro . 415o bath like new. 927 J9U 
------------- m S n * V U r e -------------- 
Coll *53 3o*1 or 824 H IO 
Motorola i i " color consol*, beau titul picture, *115 344 7o48 
M O V IN G G A R A C I S A L E 1 Ever 

929 GARAGE SALLS 

Ite m s, S w in g Set, M is c 
IS O * 
W imbledon B raun Station. West. 
Sat ond Su n ______________________ 
♦ ♦am ity G a ra g e Sole! Thurs." 
Fri, Loop 4)o and Bandera Rd., across from Skaggs. 
S l i T 
S m t l 
5 F o m ile * 
Something for everybody F u rn i­ ture, House hold items. Feb 12 l l 
. I S U I Crown Lane. K irb y 661 3925 
2 w om en s 14 c o ra l gold ' ar 
....,■ j 
. 
I I corol gold brooch, oil for 
© o ro g e S o l* 
6x9 K o r g s t o n d 

22 R em auto . Sib 211 I) W in chester with scope. 525o 12 gauge 
Brownie, auto , *12o JOI rift*. 56o 
IO* with scope, *1*o Gun cabinet. 
57o M cC ulloch thorn saw. SIO 
Kerosene tare burner, new, 43o J end tables, 43o S q u irre l ca ge water cooler. SJO 7 old 4 wheel wagons, HOO Heavy duty Singer electric leather sewing machine, 
434o * rings 
*16o Old china painted scroll, SIO a*h Only 923 4734 i o v a l M e d a llio n ll E le c tr ic 
T ypew riter, C o rn e r B ed s, with 
Bolsters 15o 494 8o54 
Rug. 9x 11, avocado shag, pads. 
Pd 51oo Sell SIS 824 I I H 
Sarah Coventry jew elry 
733-7412 
S in g e r se w in g m achine." d esk type, slool excel SIPP 273 8*83 
S in g e r se w in g m ach in e , desk type. slool excel SIO* 223 8583 
S6 F A B E D . m atch ma sofa and choir all Hercuton SIJ 85o? 
S O F A B E D , ra n c h style, ond swivel chair. STI, 4532118 otter 4 

LIPPARD HIMBER* 
Mahogany Panel 45 Grade 44 2 5 
New Screen D oo rs *12 5o Solid 
Core Doors 121 SO Bi Fold Door* 
47 5o Asbestos 
Siding 31o1 W 
Commerce 
Phil Echavama 
Stanley Helmke 
Raul Perales 
S A Y Call Or See M e A f 
Moffett lumber Co. 
W H O L E S A L E - R E T A IL 
''Dependable Since 1935” 
4o7 N Zorzom oro, 432-7881 

G A S L IG H T A N T IQ U E S 
1525 M C 
C U L L O U G H 
227 48o3 
It you hove Antiques. Jew elry, 
D ia m o n d s. S te rlin g , G o ld or 
Oriental R u gs to sell, you ll get the 
Best P ric e from Son Antonio s 
Finest Shop: 
Regency Antiques 
! M rs Brenner, 8 2 2 544o. 34 2 5o 7 o 

O utstanding values. Settlinq es tare. Im pressive early Victorian sid e b o a rd , p e rfe c t c o n d itio n , 
*985; G e n tle m a n 's ch air, S19S. other furniture and Oriental ob­ jects In clu d in g room -sized Klr- shehir rug. 824 4855. t pair Chairs, lyre-shaped backs, lofter 18oo's A ppraised. $12oo. 
Take 46oo. I pair Chairs, Victor ion Lo d v's and Genteim an's, 185o. 
A p p ra ise d 416oo. Take 5*oo. I 
D raw ing-room roccoco re viva l 
Appraised S45o. Toke 42oo Dining room furniture. 18oo's Appraised 
516.ooo Toke 46ooo. 341-2936 

TWO OUTSTANDING 
AMERICAN ANTIQUE AUCTIONS 
1:oo PJM. Sunday, February 13,1977 
6:3o PJL Thursday, February 17,1977 
HigMMrts I up A ry ftftotmoaa; FUHHTUSf Footy carved Bah. I t set mint cond., fin* Hah. double side by side Secretary •/bowed gloss doors; Mob. crystal cobmet, JoL Vici leveseot, inlaid 5 drawer Oak chest w/mirroz; Wal. 
Viet. HoH free, Viet, needlepoint firescreen; Teakwood tables; beautiful Wot. 
M T. sideboard; fancy rackers. LAMPS 8 LIGHTING Signed IS" Tiffany table lamp w/Oak Leaf pattern on signed bas*; stoned Tiffany fobriqu* (Linen Md) table lamp on signed bes*, unusual signed Ouffner Ktmbetfy leaded lamp; pf signed Hersey Caidelabra w pmrm glass iamp. GUSS, CHINA. POtCEUII signed boult, Webb, Doum Honey, 
Steigel, Pmrpaint, Mf. Washington, Cut Gloss, others. ORIENTAL Lowestoft 
Porcelain, Canton, Mondonn; Imari, Satsuma inc!. Cloisonn* rase 18”, planter 
14”. CLOCKS 8 OTHER: Signed Tiffany dock set; Grandmother dock; fancy bronze cased dock; Olm. Humphries Indian bronze; Proctor Pony Express pia que; signed Tiffany bronze smoke stond; 36" Queen Louise coque doh; ? 
Sterling tea sets; Ain coin silver water tankard; brass cosh register. WATCHES 
8 JEWufY: ladies' Diamond wast watch Plat w/9o dear whit# diamonds over 
4 korats; Diamond Bing I o8 kts • baga on Plat mounting; IS kl. gold wat­ ch. others IoGS Homndon. Birman, others This is a partial listing. We urge your inspection 
Im pix retry, 4xN r8xy t *o 8 PJR. Sunday 11 >4o until Sol* D im 
Highlights Thursday trawl*g: FURNITURE Exceptional 6o" Oak Lions Hd. table w/daw ft., 4 leaves, lorge, richly carved Oat China Cab w/serp. sides and front, mirrored back; S drawer gents chest w/accessory drawers and ma­ de Secretary chairs; wash 

Q U E E N ’S A N T IQ U E S 
28o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours: 9-5 
T A IL E N D A N T IQ U E S tractor seats old Ile plates 
H A T T IE 'S A T T IC brass candlesticks Notre Dam e 
In Colonies North Mall 
T H E 
Different Drummer 
Antiques Accessories-Collectables 
1o2o T O W N SE N D . 826-1764 
_______ A L A M O H E IG H T S 
To Sell your Antiques 
O N E A N D A L L 
Here * the num ber tor you to call: 
63326oo. 633 o34o (cash paid) 
__________ J IM L IS T E R 

9o3 B M S MATERIALS 

Valentine’s Sale 
Continues Dirt) Fed. 14 
1 o % to 2 o % O F F 
A L L M E R C H A N D IS E 
Pagenkopf Antiques 
5312 Broadw ov 
826-822? 

 inert Hersey Candelabra w pmrm gorgeous brass chondeber; Poirpomt cut glass lamp. GUSS, (HINA, PoICEUIN More than 25 pc*, signed Tiffany gloss, 
God*; Peochblow, Satin doss, Sandwich, 

 rors; conred Oak Hall Tree, Ook lift top Ice Bai; Oak side bv side w/lions bds.; set 6 pressed back ook choirs; 3 sets of 6 Oak O I. stands, folding Hi chair, rocker*; fancy Oak sideboard w/h*ads; server; nice 
Wal. M T VKI 3 pc. BB. set anginal; outstanding oral M.T. Vici. table; fancy 2 pc. Mob B t set Approx IS pc*. WICKER UMPS 6 LIGHTING Signed BSH Stu­ dent lomp; orig. GWW. lamp; fancy panel lamps; student lamps w/aned shades; ceiling S wall fixtures • 'thanes GUSS, CHINA. SILVER, BRASS: Signed 
Cut Glass, Halsey, Northwood Carnival; Art glass; Roseville; Over 2S pts. forty copper lush#; 18th cent. copper lustre 15” charger; Pink lush* war*; 
Portuguese silver troys (6), tea set, etc. UoCKS, JEWELRY, COINS, OTHER, fine 
E. Howard Wall Regulator; Wal. G.B. dock; Oak G B.; bronze french mantel dock; men s watches; early coins. Confederate money, etc This is g partial listing. We urge your inspection 
ImaecHam Thuntoey attemoew I ItOO unfit Set* Time 
Remade Inn West, Katy Hi way (1-1o) 
Houston, Texas 
Paul L Crabb, Auctioneer 
TXGS 77-o7o2 

9oS PORTABLE S M C S 

ReoossesseO Port. 12x24, 12x32 
Biding Free aet 653 8111________ 

„thing M ust Go! Tools, all furor-| Yota" choir Colonial Boro' n o w lure, large aopliances. bicycle, househoia items 1o4 Cyril Starts 
Soturaoy 8 IO am, 441-3422. 
M d v i N G ' Se a r* color TV, 25 , 
425o 2o.5oo B T U C o m p o t window unit oir conditioner, 5125 *58 31oo 
M 6 V lN G ' Sofa and love * * o l 
S U O 
D inette. 4)45. K e n w o o d re c e iv e r. G e r r a r d tu rn ta b le , 
Fisher speakers and headphones. 
SOSO 
4 
CRYO 
IJ " tires, 
46o 
732 6675 m 6 v IiJ c 

 trim. 4 mo old 344 58oo 
Sore, D u ncan P hyla, beige ond blue. Soto. deep brow n leather­ like Lazy boy ro cke r recliner 
Several chair*. 
All like new 
341-2916 
W a 4 piece circular sectional. retail 114oo. good condition, 145o, 
494-3184_________ 
Speakers, new CCI 

 acrylic carpet, portable black and white TV, color TV, dining room ceiling fixture excellent condition 
Mise. items 1o26 N antucket 9-S 
Sot only 
G A R - A G i ~ l T L c 
' s l i t W A S 
B O N N E T T , 4 tonettes Sat O nly 
Feb 12 9-5 
5 A R A G F S A L E 
Everything you need, to start or complete o house. 
Cam era supplies, games, clothes, com ic books, etc. 558 P a tricio 
Harm ony Hills 
G A R A G E ^ A L E 
M o vin g M o n y household items, children's cloth m g 
Sot Su n . r n I M ) 
J2Jo 
Burnside (corner Robin Rest) 
G i G A N 't i T ' F A R A G E 
S a l e 
Thurs Sun Furniture, toots, how sehflld items, lets of m isce llan ­ eous 45o7 Shavano Woods oft De 
/ovolo Rd . 492 1788 
I Misc. items. French bedroom se!', 
SISO. 1919 Peer Ridge, 4963178 
M oving Sale' Everything must go in our opt! 349-77*4 
Stove. White Tappan G as 
Good condition 712-4S4J. 

• Rough Yellow Pine • 
LUMBER 
Good Lum ber-Good Lengths tx* ........................... 
9 'ic L F 
1x8 .............................. 19c L F 
2x6 ........................... 19'ic L F 
2x8 
2*C L F 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO S e g u in R d , 226-3141 • 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
IOO) Austin St., 226-1437 universal City, 658 6311 

U se d 8x8 P o rt a b le B u ild in g , 

9oS PWtTA8Lf BBItDIIIBl 

Factory Second 12x32 wood sid­ ing, insulated celling term s tree delivery 6i i - 8tit 

PORTARLE BUILDINGS 
6 x 8 ..$295 
8x1o...$396 
O th e r s iz e s a v a ila b le 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T I O N j 
Heavy Outv Floor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBFR 
SOO S e g u in R d . 
226-3141 

D a m a g e d U se d P r ic e 12x4o 
Heavy Duty Floor, Free Delivery 
Term s 9234346 
F a cto ry Se con d 12x6o Sto rage 
Building Heavy Duty Floor Free 
Delivery Term s U 3 I23 6 ________ 

HARVEY’S AUCTION 
R faaea N o ha N o w D a f t 
Sunday, fob. IS, 1:3o PJL • Monday, Eek. 14, I P JL 
45oo WEST AVENUE 
Another Mg aim nth Antique Audio*— About 2ooo Pieces 
AU America* gad furniture and Collectables 

FARHA! LISTING. Teakwood tables, rocking ond other chairs. IS chino cabinet*. Prayer benches Piano stool*. S secretary desks Carved choirs. 
Rockers and tabla*. Marble top pieces, hatrack s. Lamps. Plantation ond other desks Halltrees Library tables. Rugs. Brass, rapper, bronzes, lode ond ivory pieces. Oak beds. Dressers, chests, miners, picture and picture frames. 
Compotes. Sideboards. Wardrobes. Commodes Oriental object plus good selection of Bric-A-lrac ond hundreds of other items too numerous to list 
SO COME AND SEE FOR YOURSELF"!! 
D e g le rt a n d C oJIe d o rg 
D ow 'P M is s Th ie A u c tio n 
A L W A Y S S O M E T H IN G FOW E V E R Y O N E 
Harvey Braswell - Auctioneer 
73o Viands St. TXOC-77-OJJJ 
LOCATOR; 4 SOO Wort Aes. (Bartletts Skeet tag Caa*a») 
Sxtck* <md Ortakx evadable 
MartaKbarfe AcceptedI 

P o rta b le B u ild in g 
M o v e d by 
Morgan, Bonded 6538111 
Repossessed Office 8x16 Term s. 
Free Delivery, 926 5oo3 
Save 3o% 1ox16 to 14x4o Portable 
Building 717-5171. 
Sligh tly D a m a g e d 1ox2o 12x74 
Reduced Free Delivery, Terms. 
924-o12o 

9o7 m m 

9o7 FURNITURE 
9o9 PAWN BROKOS 

K aroikm s Downtown Thrift 
Basement. New-used furniture 
231 E.Com m erce, 227-6361 
L A C K 'S Discount W arehouse 
Used Furniture and Appliances 
943 C O L IS E U M DR. 
225 7444 
9o9 - PAWN BROKERS 

G a s ranges. **9.95 up. 2-»i*ce 
I living room, 469 94. Complete full- 
! size beds. 46* 95 up 
Fawcett Furniture 
416 Dolorosa 
227-6412 

A M E R IC A N LO A N CO 
Buv-sell-trode anything at value 
1624 E. Com m erce 

 rr's CASY t o p l a c i a 
IX ne u s - N rw * 
WANT AO $3S~ I APA 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T IN U M 
G O LD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y « F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N O E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
226-1424 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
E X P R E S S -N E W S 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 
Mar G H L W ■ 'M e l M a 
■ B P l B ’M B a ra E t ■ m toi M 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

914 BUSWtSS DIRfCTQKY 

List *129 95 co , 
2 tor 
S IM 
67 346ft or 
____________ i I74-IH7 
12^63 M a d rlg o l In Kl j stained leaded g la s s w indow s. 
D o ra d o A p p lian ce s, furniture. *145 .oth 227 8173 
Baff. bed. sw ing set. pool table, h 
■ aunts, treadle sew ing m achine and »o forth C A SH Start* Thor* 
B S E TCE T U r i 

Kingsize, never used, still p a c ka g e d , e x tra firm (W o rth , 
- . 
- 
. . . ,, 
448o) complete *17* include* 2o Jm g dress, never worn. 458 M ini g u a ra n te e a n d d e liv e ry 
Usually hom e *84 8234 
B ed room . liv in g room , d in in g room turn, aueen. tun size mot tress, box springs 454 *725 
F e d room let, b o o k c a se hood board, footboard, dresser without m irror 436 *38* 
Bedroom sol. walnut -lim n* sci. twin bod*, bookcase, yellow ond white dinette set, Sp a n ish ond 

 bike, tee s s* I) * ? 
F n d 't o t l # * o n d coffee tab le 
White s m etal detecter with qts icrim inotor Colt 676-6738 J f , e r y I ti 1 n a M u * ! Go 
S i ov es, 
Dishes. Linens Pots, Household 
Goods 112 Wilcox or Coll *76 8o4o. 
675-9347 
Foke lur solo. 429 Chained lamp 
*4 Ice cream freezer, 54 Hoover vacuum 419. Record player. Oec 
E a rly A m e ric a n sofa's, w alnut l ol t * . * * ’ j 1 ?t_oW* ’ 5 S S _____ desk, bar and stools. Copperton* F O B S A L E 
E le c tro n ic E q u ip 

Aal and Sun 4515 
E l Simpatico. Baby Furniture and item s, F u rn itu re . Plano. Law n 
Mower. Clothes. Toy* and Kitchen 
Acce* E tc a u r a M A I* l o s s A m p ""S u n n 
Coliseum P A , Block and Decker tobte saw. 
Antique 
Lom p 
734-3891 
♦fohirol Sky Blue (tar Sapphire. 
M en s R in g With 4o D ia m o n d s ofter 4 684 4141___________________ 
1 ra New treated fence po*!* I ’ i '' by 4' i' to each 141 5862 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
Everything Must Go 
Desks. Choirs. Credenzas 
Cubicles. Etc 
I to 6 Dotty 

2o$ E . T r a v i s , 7 3 6 -2 8 9 6 

 refrigerator 333-6958 
B e n ronTm Suite," M e d ite rran e an 
Dining tot. Ching Cabinet. Bunk 
Beds. Tw in Bed s. Sofa. M a p le 
Om en* Mutch, W ingback Choirs. 
*•*uu1* Tobies, Tea Corf 137 8113 bedroom suite!' re MU way IrtHnrT 
7331399. i i D i tw o c a m p i* ! * iw liis, sanitized. 4)9 each cosh 826-93)9 I 
F T T T r n r ellen! 
(odvs, I* cond *29 492 7414 die s5T7" everything from 6 r ten tai doll* rn glass coses to bicycles 
Saturday only 154 Pork HUI Dr 
Olmos Pork 
~ T 5 6 i7 > f k N 6 U a c o 6 t s t f 
Volumes I TO C h e w 92* 8221 
B O R T L E C d l l l C T o N S ' M in t sell 3999 bottle collection in pack ape 599 Avans, milk. w hiskeys, veda s. etc 
M ake oner Box HO 
N a ta lia . Tx t i e s * 
*6 ) 446* wfcnd* 474 7452 oft 5 3opm 
B oys ic hw inn lik e Good Cand' 
Iran $49. 694 5497 
B road paw Power 
P ariah!* 
Pawer Generator with Dolly 
H S lo 469 output A Bargain at 1699 
8944499. 
C liP M T -u s e d snug *4 sa yd{! same podding 5299. 342 9433 gffar 
6 f o il nun iub (va ry oIr ) I avg tory, commode Also town mower god other items 43) 9271. 
Chrome Dinette I leaves, 4 ch o n * 
S i l l 381-91*7, 989 RIEB cIT T d *** catcutoigf, S e * * watch, 
Ctca-Ceto box. heavy sate, bros* lam p. 2 drag m a chines. 4 x* covered trailer 824 Set)I 
C l,ar Voce" W o rto n b e d B a rn s 
Terms. Free Delivery, 731 5171 
Pollee lor wools ge rm an Military items, W WI and W W tl including 
Regim en la I Boer steins 445 1941 
I f l t g r w T u iiV Ie d s or Twin;. 
D in e tte , B e d ro o m Set, Se in 
L o v e s * * ! . C h a ir. B r a s t M ead board. F u r L o u n g e r 
Vkashyr 
D rye r. Steve, Double or Queen 
Sit* Bed. AH Lib * New *5*81)4 
(t 6 L A r W 
T r g ,W 5 e y Y k c e l tent Cendttien I I M 824 9789 

 m ent a lso M a g n e tic R e c o rd e r 
Tope 't m on 2too reels Opaque 
Protector ond More 675-2114. 
Freezer, 17 co it Frost Free Cold spot 921-9995 iw t 'E f f i n i CU W c K ’etl win I ic * m aker 5299. forced air wall furnace with circulating ton 525 
923-4276 
, 
Freezer, f r Igidolre I I 1 iW T '’1 1r 
C onditioner F re d e rick l i t volt largest unit made. Coated Entire 
Candy Stere Excellent Cendttien 
New Cest 5639. WHI Sell For SUO 
72M 7B6 i 

F re e z e r, fro st fre e 19 cu ti upright Old oak evot tamp table 
Old dishes block end white TV 
M isc *24 5897 

 m 
’f l t * d iktgn Uprrahl U T 
Z e n ith c o n so le s t e r e * 5199 
M ic retie asm estik with ca m *re * 
*or i l l s 
H u d so n s in a i* s t a t * pressure regulator t is Treadle 
Sew ing M achine 535 29" Youth t ik e 439 J W heel Trait B u g g y 
4149 *94 3214 
FR I I H 
I . G ibson u g rlg k i it > 
! cu It L ik e new 5171 Recen t model W hit* lig Z a * sewing m g chine with cueing! 529o Fo r ag pointment COH 455-9719 
* 
Freezer G^>Tm, l l ' i l l I. antique von tty and bench 569 349 2399 r W T & i U .W e st.n g h o u Se .H cR 
SITS otter 8 pm *29 2*32. L IK E 
HRW drench R revinoal K A ceier tV 
*189. like new 927 5817_______ 
♦ x re itv ri Appliances Jewelry 
All A pplications approved with required down payment Cat) im penal Furn 111 1217 41* Brody 
F u rn itu re ' I room s T o T IZ T r or best Otter 111 )S84 316-4479 
- OC' ■ I Hun lunk omi water pump 
734-596 
G E Jkosker and dryer 
4188 
474 *849 
5 3ET ke n m or* pas cene* I m o* old excel cond Site *81 94o4 f f 7 l T T I ( J ¥ l e i l k L e g 'se llin g u rge n tly 
Kenn eth Sm ith 1971, hardly used (heap 3494217 

O ly m p u s o U - ( . I 4 

 ila fu * Pedestals from old churr h 
Chiidem * Chairs. Telephone To blo. Mat Stands, W oad B u rn in g 
Heater 656923* 
Steel door g u a rd s i i i ; slid in g sleet floor guard* SITO 924 OSO* 
Stereo, So n y a W P W ca sse tte corder with Airline 8 track deck ond 
Crow heodghone* 
529o 
IS I 1194 

Stereo. 64 won Panasonic plus a realistic 
8 track deck. 
4225 
888-7188. 
Stereo Zenith portable. I speed. J speaker 549 *54 1715 
'»!»,i liny i mfeflrs, G m nH Renat* ling 
5259o asking *16oo 14* 4744 git 5 iit r lm g Silver 44 pc TTpT w are 
SSM Steak Set 439. M eat fork 42o 
819 2911 iie r lin g silve r, Y o w l* F re n c h provincial, rocilner, needs uohol 
*t*ry. very expensive new 
J44-4S5* 
M o ve 

A D D I T I O N S 

93o • MEBCHA1Io1SE WARTED 
Unligue*. ApoU on^^TTKrnH rTe* 
WE PAY MORE 
Estates, Anything at value . from one glace ta houseful Coll: 
341-6755 Anytim e 
Est 1949 b uying late rn ..del refrigerators, freezers needing repair i l l li t : 

 goad w o rkin g condition 
K e n m o r* g a s *45; w orkin g re ­ frigerator 444, dressers 429 each nd case , 
19omm 2 9 tele, sacrifice 8*3191* 
:wi«w(»iwwy , lluraiB^Miiwi^ .wrreeieiri»i»g nwewie.iwmy 'ii» wan* f »» 
«*«» DMJ, Q f B $ » f r | 
BQLH, 
One Corol Solitore Ring Atter 6 ; complete twin beds H S and 41o 
*94-4141 
M ake otter Baby and other fur 
O m om enlol iron porch columns! 
* * y * Th*° 
ST O V E, Ha^sotnt electric, whito. antique g ra p e clu ste r d esigi 
43 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, Trnde. Repair 
5322 SAN P E D R O 
*28 2327 
Cash for old clocks. *to!ned glass, music boxes, organ* 649 16*8 f ASH tor your U*i-<1 pTano 
224 T III or 224-11o1 
--------------- o i g g s f i o i --------------- 
I William* 227 8792, 148 E Houston 
I Buy W ashers needing reooir 
Kenmare. Whirlpool, or General 
[Electric *34 144? 

TU BUY ANYTHING 
TWAT D O E S N T E A T lll 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R j 
*33 1699 or 633 o34o 
Tag to sh polk tor your old new soaper ond Corrugated a A B C O 
Paper Stock It s Cerote# 434-o691 

 w X n T E b : A fric a n g a m e tro- phies A lso bear ru g s Roll tog desk Men Frt. 78* .’a ll 
W A N T E D 

Additions ond rem odeira# Fen- to tire sovlng* Coll me 916-7949 
R eliable C A R P E N T E R S . A d d i­ tion s. co n c re te , g e n e ra l re m o d e lin g 
R e a so n a b le * * - lunate* 436-9o97 ofter 6pm______ 

REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
C 6 S LUMBER 
4447 R O O S E V E L T 
924-9814. 924-9547 

A S P H A L T 

A S P H A L T R E P A I R I N G A N O 
P A T C H W O R K We do driveways, gravel work, No lob tao bra ar too small Free estimates Colt J A P t s r t t m o t i r t W 
L — — — 
, 

A S P H A L T C O N C R E T E 
WORK 

Att Types at Concrete Work 
Rafael, 9l« 7493 

C A R P E T S A L E S A 
S E R V I C E 
F O U N D A T I O N S 

I N S T A L L A T IO N 
C a rp e t L in ­ oleum Tile Any size Any pioce- 
Anvtime F R E E Estim ates Atter 
4. M I 5269 or 341 1939. 

C H I L D C A R E 

Any ope. Licensod. St* week 
732-7165 
Babysitting in m y home. Week days. som e ovens . som e Satur- day's. Northeast area, 444-6448 
Childcare in m y homo 529 wkly tor I child Orop-ins oleo accept ed tot 2931____________________ 
C h ild ca re in m y home. A la m o 
HOH, Terrell Hills 824- '117 
O E L S D A Y C A R E C E N T E R 643 
Gull St 
Sam -6pm 
226-2611 or 
53? 3446.______________________ 
Dependable wom an wonts bobv- 
I sitting, day and night, parttime or j to tit line, 43o tor 2 or 49c an hour. i including hat lunch and snacks, 
349 1559 

AA Foundation. House Leveling. I 
Foundation Repair. E xp e rie n ce ; ond Reliable 831-1715 
! 
A C E C O N ST R U C T IO N 
Honest hard-w orking For a bet tor (Ob- coll US, 349-2293, 22* o93o j 
A L A M O 
F O U N D A T IO N 
CO 
L e ve lin g . C edar and C oncrete piers Free Inspection 431 5o4o 
All Foundation Repair 
A r * voor doors d ra ggra g-W a lls crocking? Call 434 4119 anytime. 
Licensed ond In su red 
A L L P H A S E S O F F O U N D A T IO N 
R E P A IR S . Alsa Small Carpentry 
W ort All w ork Guar. Free Est 
9 1 7 - 4 9 1 4 . ____________________ 
Foundation roonirs. Guaranteed work Free Est i i ) 91*4 

H O U S E L E V E L I N G 
TH E IR IS H M A N 
39 Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: Never take the first price! 
J 38-9oS I o r 
738 T S U 

Reliable m an to do foundation 

L U M B E R Y A R D S 

Phil Echavama 
Stanley Helmke 
Haul Perales 
S A Y "C A LL O R S E E M E A T ’ 
Moffett lumber Co. 
W H O L E S A L E ~ R E T A IL 
' Drpi-ndonui Since 1*35" t O / N Z o n o m o r ^ l ^ l l i 

M I L D E W R E M O V I N G 

R E M O D E L I N G 

Registered babysitting OH WW . repairs and house leveling Solis 

 rgttmshtng 53S8. 491)85 
A v e r stuffed seta." H e r c u le s ex cedent shop*, t u t 696-7874 

Patio u m b re lla t is , 3 U p righ t 
Cages, for sm all anim al H S ie 
DiX'bie Sink and Fixtures. 548 I 
Sectional brow n Sofa 598. E a sy 
C h air 558. Com plete B e * H ives 
IM . Fence. Past tor Anim al Pens 
*28, H a n g in g F ir e p la c e w ith 
Heater 4*4. Pink and OoW * PC 
Om m g Roam Set 81*4 M I 1594 

I BC diners# i m , *4 " octagon table with t swivet ch airs good cond 
575 C A SH O N L Y ! Cot! 684 IM P 
Phitco stereo A M 
4 IT console. 
474 geed rend 494-3999 
P T W 1 A L L S A U 6 P 6 6 L T i 
B L E R E A S O N A B L E 8244844 or 

 t i l l 3411661_________ 
Table and c h a irs , oak student desk. 4 oak chairs 513 7411 
T I I I O f f W B l M i T T t . W b o 6 
3 F T B O U N D . 4 F T O V A L 8*9 84 
187-89*8 
Ya p ! D E C K Yeah 4 6 i K 7 i !J channel S S S Base M obil* in dash 
AM P M casette stereo ♦ » 8339 
Thousand bobs d o ld M i 
I tor SOI* 149 3598, 49* 747* 
♦'hire# D o o rs. 
F rom e, 
Surplus 
I W N W ii. 
Fillet 8 H F Soars chain driven. excellent cond ,5115 4*7 341* 
C h e w rim s i i id. 
558 Silver 
227 9*47 Otter 4 

A sp h a lt c o n tra c to r 
S e a lin g paved asphalt drive w ays Clark 
Asphalts. Cell anytime, >1/ 91*5 
C A L L V C O N S T R U C T IO N Cen crate Stab*, foundations, patios, perch#*, d rive w ays, sidew alks. ond asp holt 433-962* 
Concrete, brick and rack wark, 
Fanes, drivew ays, foundations. 
711 541* Of 435-6469. call Richer (I 

P r t h u n g M e tal 
Fo r C o m m e rc ia l U *o. 
Metal Cabinet J sn **. 

P isto l l l M a g n u m kit vee te e n 
Fire d *78 Typew riter, Antique 
18*9. Oliver 549 916-6977 
P U H m i t i E i ----------- 
344-M il 
Fo^l'Tg U I 1 i e K ff'i m , sell i i U . 
415-4579 att 4pm 
(TTMI TAIL I CT Televise* l h each. M agn a vex heme entertain ment center SIS 
72 calibre pixie* wert m g or aer 
474 
AH in 
1894798 
Prtssa re Soaker now 6 gt P re * to. never used, t i l l l * 4*45 r n 
- r n 
- l r. ; 1 i n v . i v i 
•e d sp re gg *17). seta bee t u t 
Rollaway bed *7* A n ila u * French 
M arble Cleck 544 B a rly Am er icon glass bawl ceiling lam e set 

 f t c i VfhlrTpuu! washing m ac ll Int, 
444 Sears CetOspot refrigerator frost fro* Ile u ti , s i l l W izard frasi tree r«*riggrator. ill* . 
R t o l R 
______ 
A o c a iv e r 
S A N S U t w ith h uge speakers 5499 7IS8349 
#e< linger T o r ge type. Uke new tot 
4*9 1449 oiler 6pm 

T~V-.s ll 
H i Ii re c o rd g lo v e r tone or eon, 56o pm 
T V - celer. ce m b in glie n record plover on A M F M radio. 8399. 
4 *a *i*3 
TV Ti ’ color lf O rly A m e ric a n 
Magnavgx, S IM , 694 4774 
" “ O N iT l b ^ ^ TS W t l L f e t " 
Ne I 
................ 
1o4 E L A M A R 
Ne I 
.. 1*41* P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fin * Furniture - Fraction at rotoil 
— 
G l i b M V K f t l A IR A T M S — 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E c o 
7*7 W EST A V E . 734 4217 
IV V C raig pawer p ia y * r r iS 8 9 
A M F M I track. M M / Stereo. * l l oz F tu i su sp e n sio n sp e a k e rs, 
*81 IM I atter 19 A M 
V gn faT aaB, ok', U t . kedspreads. t it p url, light fixtures. 5) each; 
Otter 4, 4X4 2911 
* i L k i t j y a a r t n . i n , » aad.4by7' 4)4 lee) 
V A k l T l B 
B o k v C ra d le , and 
Bookcase avo sun obit 7 la 67 Ie 
W aW T Y d hondm ed* items I* be sera en censianm enl rn e country boutique Contact M a rcia Lac*. 
797 P a u lu t, S c h u le n b u rg , Tx 
79956 ar CPN 71) 74) 393* 

1 6 l 6 r t v needing repair 
M ust ba reosanabt*. 
927 7694. 
W A IT E S ^ n ^ ori ;m e l . i r i g . I - ators and Freezers 4244581 
W A hi T E B * ’’iJsVd' cer r egoleirf me tai rooting 473 7777. 
W A lif lb - ' w orCm i- hr noI wart' mg refrigerators 
635 35591 
678-7979. 
Ai* buy Furnilur*. Appliances 
Estates Antiques G lass ware etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 

532 664! 
651 1714 anytlm *. 455 46)4 eves 
JO HN A R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Licensed ond Bonded Buyers 
We pay cask tor rifles, shotguns, pistols 734-17*6 
--------------IA E P A V (f A in ------------- 
Far Goad Used Furniture 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
414 Dolor O M 
227-6411 

We Pay More Cash 
For Thoi Good Piano 
That you a r * net using P to st* 
CPN M r Loan at 223-4141 

- .. Se ll n o (a n g o r 
H o o d e d h o u se h o ld I 
Ite m s in th * 

White Rd ond Military Or. Week goys only' 6«» 92o5______________ 

D I R T - S A N O G R A V E L 
F I L L T O P S O IL 

 taction gu a ra n te e d 
N o lob to vnioll Coil 45* 54/1 

H A N D Y M A N 

4 6 6 C l Od* «i»r, and golden >),rt, 
7 day deity. O U G I T R U C K IN G 
CO. 3)7-4249 onytlm t II7.S4 ond 

H A N D Y M A N 

A B a rro n All types dirt sond- provet V egr round del 434-4157 

C O N C R E T E W O R K . P A T IO S . 
*>'d««. pix s. D ri.ew eys 313 1443 
C o n cre te w erb , p atio, w a lk s, drivew ays tree est J Guerrero 
9397777 
I 
Discount en all concrete, rock and m oM nry wark D o n * new Fre e I est Anytime 274 9459 5)7 571* 
D riv e w a y s , p a tio *, w a lk s, j remodeling and m e tot bides Coit 
917 I t l l ar 917 M B I 
’ 
JA L Construction Conc igie wark of all kinds Mouse painting and roofing ‘ Best a n c * in town " Lie 
1*64 Cow lit 6|l I or l l ) 4491 
P E B B L E F IN IS H Drivew ay*, po , ha. sidewalks, and what have you 
Ne lob too small M R A M IR E Z , 
639779P 
I 

~ TRY ME! 
Law p rirevnign guatity concrete wert Coit anytime, M r. Cencrete. 

C A R P E N T R Y 

" ^ l ^ g r p e n t e ^ T r T R l E r e r j e b * tram Roofing ta Foundation No 
Jab Toe S m a ll! F re e B it. A ll 
W ark O aarantoPd. 927-8918 
A com plete re p a ir tarvica -ce r- pantry, remodeling 647-4139 
Ail types carp entry work A l* * satisfa c tio n t to* small 
*14-45/1 

A C T IO N D E L IV E R S F O R L E S S 
M O N S V, 
534-2947 on V time 
929*944 
R E G IA N G A R D E N T O P S O IL 
Best guatity, also sand tag sail m ix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
O A V 
6)5-92291 *33-1*99 
D IR T G R A V E L SA N O OR L O A M 
B A IL E Y 
*48 3741 
Dirt Tap soil Sand Grovet-Lonm 
Roy Hendrix Ootiyerod 361 2449 
Tag San. G ra v e l O etiver and 
Spread 
NW and 
N E 
6)4-11o4, i 
433-4111 
T O P S O IL . S A N D 
G R A V E L 

F I R E A A B O W O O D 

Do you non* o » 
-«> ■ - 
Would you lib* ta moke your own logs and save m oney? C all 341-4521 ask tor Andrew. 

FIREWOOD 
811-7921 
Firewood Bv lr tick load Split, del I and stocked tor *24. 914 *914 

 f i r e w o o d Far Sit*. 174a card : 
1-997-1461 atter 4 We datlver 
G O O D W OOD ISO cord delivered 
• T H * ! __________________________ I 
Oakwood deliver rd 544 truckload, 
44917*9. r-iv i.rd -ab ond mosauite *14 « truckload Pat quoit 644-5*43 

H A U L I N G A M O V I N G 

M A U L IN G A N O D U M P IN G 
Hove I '*1 ton trucks O H I O 

" m a v in s? colt 489-147* iH> BESt MOVING CO 
Witt de m oving and Hauling Yord wark. 4894819. 
V A R O W O R K , tree trim m in g . 

H O M E I M P R O V E M E N T S 
M A I N T E N A N C E 

AIUMINUM FACTORY 

General Contractors. H enry 
R u n a n d G e o rg e F o le y 
Sp e cia lizin g in git types of con cre te a n d m etal w a rk , sidewalks, driveways, palm* metal storage reams, window guards and oil types et tone 
In a , p ly * e th e r h e m e im ­ provement*: com m ercial and residential Ceti *22-9424 tar tree estim ation before earn, atter sam 4) 3-5433. 

HOUSEWARMING 
Hove Your House W ashed Before 
You Paint P reserves Point Job* 
Root C le o m n o . P o in tin g , A n y 
Type R e p a irs F re e E st C o rry 
Home Im provem ents 341 29)1 

P A I N T I N G . P A P E R I N G 
P L A S T E R I N G 

A G arcia P ain ting Contractor. 
Frag Btl. Int E X I 734-7146 

Builder’s Associates 
I A d iv is io n of 
G o b ro lt o r. 
Remodeling and Hom e Building 
All types of additions. 227-9199 
CoH now white prices ore taw 
1 Design and rem odaling service 
^ m i i h r a r j j j t i ^ S t l M ^ ^ 

R O O F I N G 

[ C A H r o o f i n g CO We de toe lob right the first time New roots. 
I root repair* ot oil type*. Fre e est 
I *55-1o39 ______ 

> Roofing 1 
Free Est *24-1432 
IS V M I. Experience en Com p^si flan or G ravel Root R A M IR E Z . 
342-7*18 Lie 

S A W S H A R P E N I N G 

F i t I m t v Repair" T T o y T 
Newest, tow price* 924-47*4 

Free Estim ates Arthur Painting 
C on tracte r 
In te rio r, e xto rte r I 
Acoustic ceiling 4 )SI)« 9 
Gerhorrtts 533 71*9 
R e lia b le 
E s t im a t e * en 
P a in tin g-P a g e r h a n g in g . Shee- track. W indow G la ss. R t p g ir * 
Budget 
Term s 
1*12 
S 
HOI i t i - r r 

S E W I N G M A C H I N E 
R E P A I R S S E R V I C E 

G uorenleed R e g a irT e rv T c e T T ! 
M oke* Free in shop estim ate*. 
3513 West A vg , 244-*47t 

P ager H anging, P ain ting W ork 
G u a ra n te e d R e fe re n c e * F u r- ! nisned Com m .,: im and R esidua hat Reasonable 
Jack W illiam * 
M f 79ll 

S H E E T R O C K 

•FR 
- 
5 
Acoustical Reasonably ma arm 

P a p e rin g . P o in tin g . P a n e lin g . 
Sheet 
Reek 
Repair 
Lurrary 
7)345)9 
P E R E Z A SO N S P A IN T IN G intoner. 
Exterior. 
Free 
Est 
4334941 

P A I N T I N G 

A Complete Pointing, Decorating 
Service City Wide *47-4114 
N e rth sid e p a i n t i n g 
P R ID E 
Free Est 1 )6 4S74p ff 
R e e fin g and P a in tin g , F r o * 

T R E E S E R V I C E n rT T T S T T O T rn rrn 
Estim ates 
JE S S tC 
432 7789 ar 
4W-8B24. 
▼ roes a n i shrubs trued or ink en dawn Free hauling 341 7487. 
T F H T -----------------------i H B C t T 
Cut Trim Haul 
D A V IS 733 1*13 F O L K S 696-o996 f r e t s trim m e d , t e o g e d 'o n d w ith cem ov* stum ps Hauling. Atter 4, 

1 1,4 fre e * trimmed cheap 
926-6914 

P L U M B I N G 
T V R E P A I R S - R E N T A L S 

 a l l P L U M B IN G Job 
7 D b * l^ ^ o n T T K t rg a Repair ll eg song week. 
Frag 
Est 
Lew ericas bio price Free Est 4131943 
4334314 
". ■ "'"“ ii 
..................... 

Y A R D W O R K 

MERCHANDISE 
MART 
225-1666 

C A R P E T S A L E S A 
S E R V I C i 

F L O O R I N G 
L A N D S C A P I N G 

 cigl 
L iv in g 
523 39 I s l ) 
T T T T » « M n n ( M P ( room dining room, lees* ru g* 
S I* se. 
JJT 1* 44. 
I iif-tfft,. 
U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E m 
145* or 124 6266 

Clean tots, 
JiimMLmm 

 cut and level cords 

L A N D S C A P I N G 

W A T E R T R U C K 

I n t B r n a t i o n a l J T o n 6 

 c y l i n d e r 7 s p e e d I $oo 

 g a l t a n k , s p r a y b o r . J 

ST ISO 69$ 9218 
O A K 
TR E § 5 
F O R 
I 17*992* or I 3*2-8341 s a l e 

 a M aster Plum ber R epairs and 
I re m o d e lin g 
C a ll 
R ic h a r d , 

I 711 5614 Of 41446*9. 
OO YOU N E B O A P L U M B E R 7 
1 
I 
R ababli B>nd#d 636to79) 
M A S T E R P L U M B E R W IT H LOW 
O V E R 
M C A O - 
B IO -SA 
H r. 
Uc>n*ad Bonded »5) IXJ I 
We answer your I un fasti Sawers. ' leaky faucets, water heaters, any tree repair or new installation 1 
I Texas Plum bing Cg., Inc 41* A 

R E M O D E L I N G 

A Custom ■ • m o d e lin g end 
D e s ig n e r Aery. ) I F C O 
126/o88 Atter *. 81*47*4 

T b M m g rc T g fT lg s ra le n lia l le is cleaning, hauling, trees I rim mag 
*231118____________ 
Lawns. Cut Trim I d g a l Leaves 
Vacuum ed AwyRni# 8899638 tirae*. Lawns, k edges.' T rim m er 
■ 
522-9742 
WANT 
ADS! 

225-1666 

E Y M 
E C 
C 
. M 
E I i f C 
R 
A f t l l K 
A 
M h iiii iv jc ^ p ^ a w i w 
J f | B p i i w 9 

* 

 s i 

M i* 

' H 
• • • 

2 LINES $ 

I 
O 
DAYS 

HOH COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RAT! CHANCE 
* iii 
225-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! 

91? FLE* miniFrs 

SAN ANTONIO S 
Largest Indoor 
FIEAMARKET 
Every Saturdav-Sunday 
North West Shopping Center 
MOO Block Fredericksburg Rd 
Bock Side of Center 
FOR INFO, or RESERVATIONS 
341-7337 
,918 • coms t JAM 

Doctor s Investment Group is in- terested in buying coins, stamps, 
Tolls, proofs, gold, Franklin Mints, jets. Contact Dr Vogt, 736-2o79 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Saturday February 12 1 9 77 

922 M88o1 INSTRUMENTS 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
N e w K o h le r a n d 
C a m p b e ll S p in e ts 
$795 
Choose from Traditional, Italian 
Provincial, French Provincial, ond 
Soonish 
Ooh 
DUO ART 
Ployer 
Pionos, Knob be Rosewood square 
Grand like new Sane! style Pianos like New from $4 95 
NEW Viscount 
Electronic Organs 
Shop w ith us and Save 
Low Overhead 
N A V A R R O 
PIANO CO. 
17 o2 N. COLORADO 
7 3 4 - 6 4 4 3 

 mmgirosrn 
94oA 
H 
I os 
948 
94o LIVESTOCK RED SEEDS 1o8 [DST MID FOUND 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
Males, females, shots. 142-7o3o 
Adorable AKC Yorkle Puppies 
____________ 534-1655____________ 
Adorable AKC German Shepherd 
Puppies, finest auality, superb tem peram ent. Intern 'l Ch G er­ man 
Import 
Linebreeding. 
826-4756________________________ 
A d orable P eking ese Puppies, 
AKC Reg. Ch. Bloodlines HOO 
69o-9235 _______________________ 
Afghan for stud, Chomp, blood- line. 734-7931, ext. 217, 8-12 Noon or 9-12 evenings ________________ 
Afghan Hound 6 mos, Block, Gray 
$1oo or best ofter. S36-3386 8-4 4 5, 
333-o484 oft 5. __________________ 
Afghan Pups 575 
674-1785 
‘ AKC AFGHANS* 
Pups * stud Serv. » 344 728o off 6 
AKC AFGHANS, Champ. Lines 
____________ 653 9684____________ 
Ake Afghans, Ch. Lines, Reason­ able. 698-27o8. 
________________ 
AKC Basset Hound Pups, long ears, shots. 822 54o1._____________ 
AKC Beagle Pups, female, excel­ lent markings. 659-o419._________ 
AKC Black C abrador Puppies, for sole. 
Both 
P a re n ts tra in e d hunters. 684-1226 oft 6. 
AKC Black Scotty Puppies Call 
342-o282 
__________________ 
AKC Cham pion Sired W eim ar- oner Puppies $75 653-74o9 
AKC CHINESE PUGS, $125 
458-8821 
AKC d 6 t-llE S . $125 
____________ 661-38o7 
AKC Dalm atian Pup, fem ale, 5 mos $75 699-o353._______________ 
AKC German Shepherd 
At Stud. 
BeoutifulquoHty 454 6687_______ 
AKC German Shepherd Puppies, 
Intern'l Ch Bloodline. 653 2751. 
AKC GOLDEN R E TRIEV ER S 
684-3778 
AKC 
H A R L E Q U IN 
G R E A T 
DANE PUPPIES 648-1263 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Todayl 
CeN 
Miss Moore 
225-1666 
& 

Border Collie Puppies, A l B C 
Reg. Ch. Line. 333-6298__________ 
Brittany Spaniel, Not. Ch. Ped., 
Sale or Trade. 674-3571. 
Ch. Bred Tiny UKC Toy Fox Ter- 
Tiers. Fox Terriers. 661-38o7 
D A C H S H U N D , M A L E S m T n " 
TOP Q U A L IT Y 
LO N G H A IR ED 
52oo-up 826-o591. 
DOBERMAN Puppies, AKC Reg 
Ch. Bloodlines, Reds and Blacks 
I 379 4362_______________________ 
Doberm an Puppies, block and tan, purebred, 6 wk*, males $6o. females 55o. 656 6o73____________ 
Doberman Puppies, male 51oo 
344-5778. 
D O B E R M A N S . 
AKC R E G 
8 week, 51oo. Block Ton 635 8525 
Female G erm an Shepherd Pup­ pies SS oo 733 85o4______________ 
2 Female Toy sized Peekapoos, 7 weeks old, $35 
Sat and Sun. 
I 379 2o77, or 1-379 6956. Mon thru 
Fri, 925 2581_____________________ 
F R E E ' i G e rm a n S h epherd female IO mos Black 227-8436 aft 
5 
FR EE PU PPIES 
475-1135 
PUPPIES 
Port 

New From $495 
Used From $195 

425 N. Main.. 

Wonderland.. 
North Star .., 

224 5526 

732-8259 

344-o248 

AKC Irish Setter Pups 
__________ 455-9192____________ 
AKC Iris h S etters, Cham pion 
Bloodlines 6 wks 492 1122 
AKC Irish Setter puppies: 7wks. 
V e ry h e a lth y , $85 m ales, 575 
Females 494-5456. Dam and Sire some location__________________ 
AKC Lab Pups, Black, males and 

FREE 
Dalmatian 
633-2425 atter 5 p.m. 
F R E E P U P P IE S , 1 .L a b ra d o r black females, 4 mos. old. Good 
With Kids 457 1549______________ 
FREE to good home Cute puppy about IO wks 828 7o68___________ 
German Shepherd Pups $25 
____________ 922 2492___________ 
Great Dane Pups, black 626-234o 

—* females 736-o225. 

E III III ll III H ill IL B 

PROFESSIONAL 
Organ & Piano le$sons 

All methods — all types of music taught 
Begin ners to 
Advanced stu­ dents. Any Age. 

C a ll M r . C o u ltre s s 
Director of Teachers 
658-7o13 

AKC LABRADOR PUPS 
Ch. lines 826-3393 12-7pm 
AKC LHASO APSO PUPS 
Also STUD SERVICE 344 8ooo 

$ 2 o . o o A M o n t h 
R e n ts 
A B A L D W IN 

M A N O 
Real BppHo. ae N r ik c n 
SIM S B A LD W IN 
6 2 3 Lode M il-twit**** RA. 
3 4 4 -4 5 3 9 

AKC mole Cocker Spaniel pup- pies Shots, $75 433-2729________ 
AKC M in 
S chnauzer Puppy 9 wks, has shots $1oo 
456-2o49; 
6$7 3o56 
AKC Min. Schnauzers. Ch. Blood. 
I tem oles $125, Motes $1oo 656-7273. 
AKC Poodle Puoptes. 6 wks 
534-9o42 
AKC Poodles, Tov, Dark Apricot and silvers $75 up 699-o353 
AKC POODLE 6 weeks, J males, white 684-38o9 
___________ 
AKC Reg. Blonde Cocker puppies. 
8 wks old. Only 3 males left. 
661-3538. 
AKC "Reg. Brittany Spaniel Pup- pies for Sole. 732-49o4___________ 
AKC Reg. Chow Chow, I male, I tem. 
Ch. 
Bloodline 
1 896-1181 
Kerrville. 
AKC Registered black Lob pups, 
$35 eoch 435-576o_____________ 
AKC Reg Standard Schnauzer bitch, salt and pepper. Excellent breeding. Shown in puppy com- petition. Sweet pet 681-1599._____ 
AKC Shelve Puppies, 4 males 6 wks. Beautiful ond healthy. $1oo. 
494-7512. 
________________ 
AKC it Bernard Puppies. Pretty markings 1-392-74oo oft 5 3o 
AKC, white German Shepherd, at 
Stud, 342-o1o9 or 458-7443 
AKC Yorkie Pups, Stud Service 
735-6851, 734-273o 
AKITA PU PPIES AKC 

G R E A T D A N E S 
Champion sired. 1-755-4496 
Half W eim araner half Lab pup­ pies, shots, wormed, $15. 655-3146 
IR IS H S E T T E R Puppies, AKC 
Reg. Champion blood-lin wormed, 
S65. 
After 
5 and weekends, 
673-3899 
Irish Setter Puppies, pure bred, no papers, $35. 656-1142__________ 
Irish Setter female, IO mos old. 
$45 733 o318____________________ 
Just in Time for Valentines AKC 
Bosset Puppies, 6 wks, wormed, s ta rte d on shots 51oo-5125 
448 o425. Uvalde just in time for Valentine! Mixed 
LAB puppies 735-8393 atter 6 
L o v e 
A 
G O L D E N 
PU PPY 
AKC 
R E - 
575. 
IS 
TR IE VER 
826-7443. 
2 Male Longhaired Dachshunds, shots, eves. 455-1857.____________ 
3 mo old AKC Brittany Spaniel 
$4o 924 79oo______________ 
Need Stud Service for Ch 
Bred 
Bernard. 

I 
I 
A m plifier, acoustic m o b , $385. 
Earphone hollow body base, $15o. I 
Sure microphone, $7$. 337-41 16 
Poy*; 499-o195 ofter 6pm. j 
Boldwm Acrosome Piano Excel lent Condition $75o Coll 656-6926 
! 
BALDWIN OR Mason A HA M LIN 
GRANO, exc. cond. For teacher | or advanced student. 224-5526 
CRITCHETT PIANO CO 
No Time Limit on Rentals 
Rentol Purchase Plan 
19o7 W Woodlawn 
734 4217 
Fender Bass Amp with power p la n t. F e n d e r re v e rb head, 
Fender portable electric organ, solid body bass ouitar with case. 2 < 
„ 
Colum m P A speakers, F irs t; fu lw e.m 
*- - - p 
IO? nHor A a A A snow 5Un 

674-4129__________ 
AKITA Purebred no papers 
656-1517 after 6 p m 
Akltos (Bear Dogs) 

AKC 
Shorthaired 
473-4431 
•OB ED IEN C E CLASSES* 
Classes start March 7th 
Registration Feb. 21st and 28th 
S A DOG TR A IN ING CLUB 
635-8734; 534-5886, 344-6o39 
OLD ENGLISH SHEEPDOGS ~ 
AKC, 4 wks, 434-7866 
Old English Sheepdog Pups AKC, 
$2oo up 681 o498 att 6pm_________ 
Old English Sheep Dog puppies. 
Coll 826 5759 ofter 6_____________ 
One year old female Bulldog. AKL registered $3oo 1-722-oo71 
Parakeets, doves black splash and white fantail Pigeons, Angora rabbits. Love Birds 923-o219 
• Poe Chi Pups* 
Chichuohuos. AKC • 623-2442 
Poodles, I fe m a le a p rico ts, I black male. $4o. 423-SI 17 

P O O D L E S -T in y -8 2 2 -9 2 9 1 
RED Dachshund mole J mos. no papers $3o 433-o51$ 
R 
Shots 

 and tomity 
673-21oo dog 
Exc guard 
For 
Sole. 

•WI Breed Dog Match' 
Bexar Co. Kennel Club 

27 Feb, Joske's No. 
Star Garoge 7 a rn.-8 p rn 
Match Sec. Mrs. Pot New 
11923 Rustic Ln , S A. 7823o 
435-7o57 Coll 653 7892 

$471. takes all. 492 2949 atter t PM f l y . 
G U IT A R , Gibson J IO, perfect condition 822 9965 otter 5_______ 
T‘ 
Knabe 
Grand 
Piano 
$19oo. 
I 447 8857_______________________ tar OI- Selection o! Antique 

P L A Y E R P IA N O S 
ED GAIDA S 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO 
____ _ 
28o6 N Flores___________ 711_I546 . Greyhounds, all Sight Hounds 
Noble! Clarinet Good Condition i For ,n*® 453-9484 

ASF* LURE COURSE 
Churchill High School 
Entries close 9 a rn Sat and Sun Atghon, 
B orzoi s, 
S a lu k i, 
W h ip p ets, 

$15o Call 684-o524 after 4pm y iA K -6'i R C fff E m o tio n to Buy 
NO L IM IT E D TIM E 
D a c b e rt's M u s ic P la z a 
14oo NOGALITOS 
223-4151 
5235 W ALZEM RD 
*54-4661 
SAVE TO '/t OFF 
ALL BRANDS 
OLMOS MOSIO CO. 
41o N. M AIN 
224-1741 f T T O P 't T . k in g te m p o with case, excel cond $185 492 2356 
Unredeemed 
Muslcoi 
Instruments 
American Loan Ce ■ 227-8572 
Wuriltzer Spinet Piano 
$385 344-4542 
924- tunisia;-, jillio n 

Dom aged AreenhousSTxIHTrTT 
Terms. Free Delivery, 924-5oo3 
Roto-tiller, Wards, l* j hp. oxcei lent, 2 yrs, old 681-22o7 
928 HUCHIWfBY TOBIS c o m p e tito r, 
T E I capo pneumatic, trailer mounted, new motor $125o 695 8485 
Air C ra fi L an din g M ats 
Roosevelt 422-5441 
Airless Draco 4oo Like New otter lpm, 342-4241, ext 1o2 
Allice p a lm e rs , food lbs. Fork 
LIN 48o2 Roosevelt 922 5441 
Austin 5th wheel, good cond $15o 
458 2954 oft 5pm 

IT O 

Bassett Puppies, tri color, shots and wormed. 
$5o and 
$75. a i 3o*5 
Basten Guppies lr. color, otto!* and wormed. 
$5o and 
$75. 
4DI-MM. 

Beagle Pups, females $25 
441 4o74 
Beautiful Doberman 
Baby Pup pies" Block and tan, red and ton. 
922-17oo. 924-4324 
BEST IN S H O W L lJfti 
Wire Fox Terrier Pups 
Ch Stud Service 455 9244 

 bS r 'd e R c 6 L L i! i Pups A R F 
Rep $1oo 649-1224. 

 iris h Setter pups 
927 4o42 923-7S2o att 5____________ 
Reg 
N o rw e g ia n 
E Ik hound 
Puppy. All Shots 653 257o on 6 3o 
Reg Persian Silver, female Must 
Sell Not tor kids 473 2515________ 
Reg Persian Silver, tem ole Must 
I Sell Not for kids 673-2515 
! Somoved F em ale l l mos, has 
! shots ond ’77 Reg. very loving and gentle dog 64o-o567_____________ 
I Siam ese cots; I m ale 6 m o t. 
! Chocolate point; I female 5 mas 
Seal point, >25 eg 822-95oo 
Siamese male kiHen 5 ’ > mos $15 oner 7 p m 6o4-o872 
Stud Service. AKC Reg Irish Set ter. $>o. 453-2821 
Toy Poodle Puppy, fem ale 55o 
349 25o8, 444 747o_______________ 
Tuloir Danes, AKt puppies, block or blue 1-438 2442 
V a len tin e Special AKC Silver 
Weimaraner 
Puppies 
655-44o4; 
735 5842 
WA ti f AN AKC DOG’--------- 
S A Dog Breeders Referral Ser­ vice will put you in touch with a n e a rb y re p u ta b le b re e d e r 
494 7787, 673 46o3 
W e im a ra n e r 4 mos■ I d W ell limned ISO, 484-4o27 
6 wk old Purebred German She p h erd P u p p ies, M o th e r Reg 
M ales S3S, fem ales $25 
Good markings 224 2o54 j I yr old small mole Fox te rrie r 
I Good watchdog. Not good with children. 488-3497 att 5 p rn 

926 - MACNIMERY TOOLS 

32' G O O S E N E C K 
AM Fab factory built, Tondem axle. dual wheels, 75ox14 rubber, i 
Dove Toil with folding rom ps, j 
$345o 495-9218 

TSH 

Cist 42D Backhoe gasoline, frontend leader Pawer steer Ina 
Goad cond 
$375o 
445-9218. 
Catepillor Ds C d < , t drive with 
24oo hrs 4S dozer, HOPS canopy with logging sweeps and re a r screen, engine enclosure, under- j carriage 2S% worn T racto r in excellent condition $1o,o8o 
Catepillor 12E motor grader (19*4 with new 14 OO tires. 12 ft hy­ draulic sideshift, S carier* 
This machine is is excellent condition also $2o,ooo Cell Thod ar R i­ chard Moore. 512 854 8349. Corpus 
Christi, Texas l A T i t t H L U f f ' P W 
T 6 i Per 
Sale Like new. only 12oo hours 
Coll 1 71348o 44o4 
Commercial Cement Mixer i *iTT 
4hp Post Hate Digger, $35o Com- m e ritol Weed C ater, $125. Ga solm e C hain Saw SI2S. W eed 
Burner >2$, Trash Compactor $9o. 
Mony More Items 44o217$______ b i VTI Model JOO trencher with off set attachments $285o Inter n o tio n al M odel 3444 T ra c to r 
Loader Backhoe in axe cond 
$$9$8 
THC TORGERSON CO. 
$22 >148, 739 Staves 

D IE S E L T R A C T O R 
D a v id B row n w ith fro n t end loader 2 buckets 11 yd and i yd). 
) pt hook up. power takeoff Geed bros Esc Cond $125o 49$ 9218 
6lfcTi W ile*. T IK p "$ > m or best pRgr 48i 1149 d rag lin e fpV ta le Heavy Duly 
Bucyrus IP B Like new. only 1o86 hours *o Boom, IV* yard bucket 
C f I 7114M 4484 

USED John O eere 31o Loader 
B ackhoe 
John O eere 35o B 
C ra w le r L e a d e r. P arsons 25$ 
Trencher. 18ft, deep by 24tn wide 
Parsons ISS Trencher, 8 ti deep by 
24in. w ide 
P a rs o n s 
7$ 
Trencher I ft deep from 4 in to 
18m. wide. M iller Asphalt Drag box Quincy 14oCFM and 2So CFM portable compressors Ha-Roms, models 7GOOB and 25o 

C O O P E R E Q U IP M E N T 
Son Antonio, 824-4314 or 
Coll tie# I 8oo 292 544) 

W A T E R T R U C K 
1941 international 2 Ton 4 cylinder 
2 speed ISHO eat tank, spray bar, j 1215o 49S-92I8. 
1x2o Gooseneck Floof I axels, 
2o.ooo lbs Ramps, brakes. 5)9oo 
*4 Moby 

”32-MICHON SAU 

JO 

FORKLIFTS 
Sizes 
AH fyi 
Types 
Braubach Equipment 734.1419 r e f i lm W H Ie T u TTje rs model 
FL244. 4o84 lb . lift lift, $44 hours 
124 5244________ 
^ 6 1 s A l § : Clec'lflc" le m o n ! 
Mixer Ooad Tires, $ ce ft peed buy 824-4271. 824-2942 

32 G O O S E N E C K 
Am Fob lectern polit, Tandem axle, dual wheats. 7M xU rubber. 
Dove tail w ith femme ram ps 
$1714 *94o218 
SFST T f iT T F T T l I T T d i T e l l i hyd lr anteed leader* 3 et hitch 
M k t MSM 47 hp 47944 74 h p 
$4944 4 Wheel Drive O ften t> Jo* 
* w Bart tm oWochmint mom 21 h p R e e f Tee rum Feretitt *«4u th c a p e d !* 12 ti m ast 459 56 
OOOG6N B Q utPM BN T CO 4223 
I Pf SSO 4)14151 f ■ 
■ i W 
S 
M d 
Be.vum 
We woe < Large iteel Roil 
Ile 544) 
U t 

PWUC AUCTION 
* Food Liquidation * 
THURSDAY, Fob. 17 
HINEY S HNI FOODS 
335 Old Austin Rd. 
{Dent confuse with Au Vin Hwy old Austin Id terns Eleanor Aye with Horry Our Thai ii behind San 
Antonio Country Club ond Irookt 
Army bed* a! Center) 

 le t ^ e e lM e a d l bguMahon 
(due to health | el afl feed to­ 

 r a 
— $3o ^oo'inyeatery of MOORY ITURS wtll po en sate m 43% off Mm marked jkf t€9> ARM! CAfVtllHMF UA til mM. 

• DY OO! UP • lh* theines ere full end ai lead a fresh Henri 
I univ a week 
I BJI AUCTION of ok K M M -! 
HIT. Sole art! mc iud* 2 (hee taut taunters with electra 
Debone* meat scales ond 
Anchor cath le fte r Key cutrate machree I 
Huswnen open leo teed freezers 
Medevteei leeches mete* 
2 hit 
Ftiedrah u p lW * teefers Warien ceeier Jim mechm* ? gteuheni meet dwfioy betes freezer An 
(andmenmp end It lorge web in 
Im9* eat shegpne bfecb wdh 2 
(hjppmi Neck eerkiuUes He**! meal jr»4e< lefede tender it et 

 fnedrah nemoker end bm l e i ] 
Q (auk ti time (tort thew Hen meet %ade teiede tar den gobi 
Of et try hart eh ides el ihehrmf end MKH RKH ROM 

MlMOWft IE AJA enod tate 

 j' W m n a n c* a s s o c w ee Atm***. 848-4484 
JOHN JONIS 

94? Farm Equiptmem Supplies 

Case 1o34 Oiesel 114 HP tractor, in oood all aroun d condition, 
$5,544 1-414-2794_______________ 
13o Case Tractor, diesel 4o h p 
$15o4; 16' disc Harrow $754; 4 row cultivator $354. I 174-4342 
Form al! B 2 disc plow. I point hitch, $15o 2 Planter boxes tor 9N 
Ford 454-2954 att 5pm__________ 
FA RM ALL H P T O Good Con aition 5475 495-9214____________ 
’ FORD TRACTORS 
IN and SN with new and used im ­ plem ents 2N F o rd tra m end loader 37o4 4 Flares__________ 
FORD TRACTOR Model 4oo in excellent condition $299$ 
THE TORGERSON CO 
_______533 $ 14$. 719 Steve* 
FOR SALE USED FO RD T ra c ­ tors, Models 1oo4. 5o44 and 7ooo 
Also Used Ford 4o44 with Fron tend lo ad er 
E W A L D F O R D 
TRACTOR, IH IO. Hwy 44, Sedum, 
T». 1 374-4491 
I H Club LoEoy i i i Tractor Lihe new, 12 inch plow and twin disc. 
■434-8487. 
MIO *o2o JOHN DEER E 
Diesel, 424-4711 
4 Meyers Pump I hp 34o' with 2" oipe and rods. cylinder 5 hp Sub m#r*ibi# IOO' 
4 Subm ergible w ire I hp Sub- mei omit with 1) 4" pipe. 684-24II 
MF IO semi mid 4 bottom plow 
Also smaller plows end tractors, 
*44 lilie s 54-2471 
UN and i n Ford Tractors, Lot* 
Model 3444 Ford Tractors, 1)5 end US Massey Ferpuson Trac­ tors Used Planters ond Cultiva­ tors 2 ana 4 row 
DIETZ TRACTOR CO 
1-179-1945 or 458 1284 
413 IN 18 B a f t 

NEW DIESEL TRACTOR S A L I. 
38 h p. 43744 47 h p 1595o 74 h p. 
$495o 45 h p. $9954 USED TRAC­ 
TORS, 26 thru $5 h p J O 
115 bushel grinder mixer $2544 New 
Owatonna 9 ti W indrow s $3549 
OOOGEN EQ U IPM EN T CO 4223 
S Presa. 5)2-4141. 

ROCK P IC K E R , hydraulic cen trot lift 2241 Ne— tiles 534*71) ■ 

For l i m cath, thai mower 
. 
M il h o w l 
Coll 225-1666 

See you at the Stockshow 

Saturday is Youth Day!!I 

H.T. LAWLER & SON, INC. 

B A K E R Y E Q U IP M E N T A N D S U P P L IE S 

ORDER DEPT. OFFICE: 
223-5681 
227 S. SALADO - 2 2 6-6 55 2 

NORTHSIDE BLDG. MATERIALS 

Retail Lumber A Custom M illw o rk 

34oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
733-9117 

Have a good time at the 

Stock Show 
W .P. GLASS 

LACKLAND NAT’L. BANK 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

M em ber F.D.I.C. 

H ig h w a y 9 o W .a t S .W . M ilita ry Dr. 
67 4-6 13 o 
P.O. Box 27o87 

BREITEN & SON WRECKER SERVICE 

24 HOUR WRECKER SERVICE 

" W E H A U L F O R T H E D E A L E R O F Y O U R C H O I C E " 

M E M B E R A A A 
1328 DRURY 
923-2479 

AAA (.iliad 
SKYLINE MOTEL 

* Apartments it C olor TV i t Self D ia l Room Phone* it Kit chmn i t Pool • Patios Play A re a i t Across From Sheraton Inn it Close To Ft. Sam Houston ■ R andolph ■ brooks M e d ic a l 

824-23o5 
14o1 Austin Hwy (US 81 N.) 

USED TRUCKS 

AU MAKES A MODELS 
USEO A Rf PUU T 
W I PUT A SEU TRUCKS A TRUCK POOHS 
M A C K • F O R D • C M C • IN T E R N A T IO N A L 

REBUILT T R A N S M IS S IO N S 
REAR ENDS 
W IN C H ES A PTO S 
628-1o94 
SOUTH TEXAS TRUCK SALES (aTROURSUND) 

TOBIN SURVEYS INC. 

PLANT 114 C A M P ST. 

223-62o3 

WEBER DIESEL SERVICE 

Richard W eb er — 
O w ner 

Authorized Diesel Pump Service 8 Injector 
Repair • Air Starters 

123 W. Carolina 
534-5445 

A -l CABINET SHOP 

29o3 N. Flores 
734-7678 

R.W. Symons & J.L. Guzman, owners 

HORIZON COMMUNICATIONS 
& ELECTRONICS 

SALES A SERVICE 
L A N D M O B IL E R A D IO 
GUADALUPE COUNTY AIRPORT SEGUIN 

658-6841 

BACCHUS & CO. 

IMPORTED « DOMESTIC WINES A CHEESES 
WINE TASTINGS - CATERED 
TEXTURING A SANDW ICH SARI 
5oo3 BROADWAY 
828-4946 

LACKLAND AREA RENTALS 

C H A IN SAW S 
S H A M P O O 
SEWER CABLES 
ALCO RENTAL & SERVICE 

O P E N 

S U N D A Y S 
6 7 4 -6 9 5 o 
7512 MARBACH 

U-HAUL 

I l l W UN LOOP 41o 
V I SW MILITARY OI 

LONE STAR SEED 

Packaged Seed W holesale O nlyl 

214 Regent 
533-8311 

AUTOMOBILE MUSIC 

SALES 
REPAIRS 
INSTALLATION 

Complete Sound Systems 
COMPLETE LINE OE CB RA DIOS A ACCESSORIES 
C O N RA D ’S SERVICE CENTER 

263o CULIBRA 
434-6311 

SW ING MACHINERY & 
EQUIPMENT 

Machinery Tools— Industrial Supplies 

1o6 W . Rhapsody 
3 4 2 -9 5 8 8 

PROFESSIONAL AUCTIONEERS 

BERT A N D RUBEN REYES 

5 1 2 -3 4 9 -2 1 8 5 

L o s t 
D a lm a tia n M ate 197$ 
Togs, Jefferson Area REW ARD 
73$ 22o1 684 2797 
T W 

ADAMS TRUCK CO ., inc. 

USED 
A 
REBUILT TRUCKS 

A ll M a k e s 
NEW A USED PARTS 
T r a ile r s — - W in c h e s | 

W e B u y Tru ck s 
5 
3 
3 
- 5 
I O 
T 
^ ru c *< B o d ie s ! 

1oo1 ROOSEVELT AVE ANO 1o14 ROOSEVELT AVE. 

I texas sJWifcfe a f 

2 2 5 -6 1 4 5 

No Job too Largo or Too Small 

* 
RADIO 
DISPATCHED 

24 HOUR 
WRECKER 
SERVICE 
1 6 o 3 N . A L A M O 

/ iu * 4 < / / u u n 
U jfi.u tN N tb G 
( auntre'iquirr. 

• PIC K U P CO VCRS 
• CAM Pf NO TRAILERS 
• STH WHEELS 

• P IC K U P C A M P E R S 
• T R A V E L TR A ILER S 
• M O T O R H O M E S 
734-5131 
38o2 HW LOOP 41o Just West Of frederkkfburg Rd. 

11oSPECIAL TICK 
HO SPECIAL BITO 
11oJ U E 

PORTABLE CORRAL PANELS, made at high lentil tie el tubing. (4 b a rt), vary rigid and durable 
5x14 ponet, tJ6. 5x14 panel 544 
WIW deliver at thit price Cell Joe 
R ob..", 
1 *o51 *41 2444 

S L IG H T L Y U S E D OW A T O N A 
Sett Propelled Windrow** Oietei doweled air cond cab New price over $11.44* Sat* Price $49$4 
THE TORGERSON CO 
53) SUS. 719 Steve* 
S T E E L B U IL D IN G S . F o rm , 
R anch E q u ip m e n t, H ey and 
Harte barat Rip* Pent 317 *9)1 d#y$ ar ai ta t________________ 

T H E T O R G E R S O N CO . 
U t R W M 
S22-114) 
W A N T E D 
*418 or 4 *2 * John 
Deer* Tractor Celt Mr Faroe* dei 144 H IL 8 to I. i l l 481# after 
5 

Anil it * eeeyl -Lull celt us today end we ll put your low con to in print 

AA K IE N G HASS SEED, Govern n.enl fetted and tape*a $4.7$ lb. 
Price tubtect to thong* William*. 
Route 
2. 
Box 
44, 
B a n d e ra 
1-794-3419 eve *__________________ 
ALA STABLFS 
FOR 
SA LE 
E X C E L L E N T ! 
S E L E C T IO N 
OF 
H O R S E S i 
PLEASURE. RANCH. RO PING . 
SHOW 
223 7994 Day*; 432-8181 
N R O *. 
I 

A H A L E T R A IL E R S 
Hor** Stock and Gooteneek 
New and Uted; tor Sole or Rent 
Alto teed B arrel* with Lid* 
SLIMP OIL CO Off IN 37 
S33-$t$1 
4o4 
Carolina nit** 
344-721$ 
A6H A~ » 'e e ' T f l T B rattnuVigarT. 
M itt Campy Bart, ProfettianaHy tra in e d in W e tte rn P le a tu re . 
Very 
Genii* 
Ready 
Ie 
Show > 
494 1429 
•Arabian Show Stallion# 
REG 
FOR SALE ' 
221-7994 O avt; 432-4181 nit** 
A? irU S ~ A 6 tfA Palomino go 
Elegance" 814-3913 433 1718 
I 
Baby ( a l y * * liS -S v J . G r o t* 
Coly** S4o $11o 913 8449 

8oo h o i-i Hoygrozer. net reined on. hat tom * weed*, 85c bale 't 
! C h o rd al* bull, 2 y r* eld Good pf otpecf $17$ 441-1197 
Beautiful Palom ino G elding 5 
Wettern toddle* *94-2181 llfi" ‘lf«>uT "ffi31ng H arte* $166 up 
412 3443 423 3493 814-39)1 lianhentklp ■ io n • »on Ranch 
Re* Brahman Butt*, very gentle 
SII 824-9773, 417 2281 
Suck iii rn mar*,'" ta in te d , fully 
, broke. $ yr* aid 412 3147 
H.,iid korm ana fconck Fence*. 
Alto, Rock Orillin* 477 S ill 
BuN. 4 yr afd Rep Chai ma,* BUTT 
114-9)93, 494 $313 wOatfa! Berm uda Sprig Dipper and 2 row Sprig Planter Geed cond I 947 3445 
Coaita! Hay in Born *1 $4 
J 
411 2419. 411 117) 
CORRUGATED IRON 
* 1* 9$ per ta 
FLOWERS LSR CO 
1847 GehPO 
* 
333 417) 

C U S T O M F A R R IE R 
Special in corrective shoeing et ell kind* C utting and rein in g her tot a Specialty 
NEW in Son Antoni* areg Leek in t far deedy custom ert en a regular hat!* 
I* build now buwnott 
Mdture, Reliable. Experienced 
Salutacttea Quai united, by appl 
~ k| | f | 

AMMU TURI MORSI) 
Honed ne* ideo m nett' AN col ort, 72 34 I ne hot tel Why nail th* doq when you am aoli a mini hor**) treading deck a rot tabic fncet Had al IMO 
Coll lob fouler, 8o4 537 SSO*. 
Hanover JR ijM e________ 

Phil Echavarpia 
Stanley Helmke 
Raul Perales 
SAY "CALL OR SEE ME AT' 
Monett Lumber Co. 
WHOLESALE — RETAIL 
"Dependable Since )93$" 
447 N Zorromoro, t i ) 7881 
R e * Appolooto Gelding bloc* with whit* bianhet, IO yr*, plus 
Pct astor lot $446 344 8619 
Reg Halt Arabian M ar*. Orgy, 7 
W I T H ' H l 'f c y f t i s f i l J l r 
T r o .1344 714 $741________________ 
Stored in shed $1.7$ a b e l* 
Reg 4 yr old Qtr Horse Gelding I 
$1) 5)45 After t and weekend* coil horte 
Trailer 
Good cond 
427-» 78.___________ 
11-442-1184 
_________________ fe r tiliz e d C o o tlo l H a y, ra in H dam aged in d o t * 51 75 bale 5 E 
Bexar *55 49)6 
FE R T IL IZ E D COCd r n l S d'TmTI' ton G r o t! Mov no rom rn born, reutonobly priced i t ) QIU fifte e n young h ereford ctoi Lei cow* 444 1931 
For Sole or Trode I leg B ra n g y * 
Con I all bred to Keg 
Bronguk 
Bull 
Will c a l f e a r l y S p r i n g 
Priced lo tell Alto 5 Reg Angus 
Built good ogee 
All tot 5UOo or your choice ut HOO c a 
L a r r y 
VUU mtet only 513 17* U U ______ 
G r o u n d 
P e a n u t 
STTcTt 
Ona 
M M attes 11% protein 
Peanut Attalla Caotlai May 
Mir ex hr* and bott 
LYTLE FE E D ANO 5fctO 
S i} u n Of 1772 1231 
-------------t U V b e l i v e ----------- 
I 485 IMI 
I t i l V S I 
HAY f 6 f t c a l t 
M i x e d S T U T T tem Hay 51 t i bai# No I Red Top 
Cone 
53 bale 
I t i l 11/o 
I 941 3)79 
HAY F b k i A LE 
P e d~T op~ Con lerttnied etc foi horses or (OI lie 
I ) OO per bale 
11 OO is /V 
I 5t* H U 
I 5*9 3517 odes 
HAY fftR U L f O it it o - aH~ 
5 on neeXdoyt 
" H T V SALE------------------ 
15oo balei good q uan t, johnson 
Grots Hay $1 3* a bole 124* boles *49 111* 

S p irite d S o rre l G eld in g w ith 
Blond* Men* and Tall. 14 hand* I yr* Western Pleasure, Saddle ond Toe* 3<4 iuso 
Stud Service. Egyptian Arab $254 
A rob* s m o th e r* *5**43* 
STUD SE R V IC E 
Diesel Deck. 
AAA rains*, ton of Moon Deck bv 
Ted Oeck out et Three B o rt 
Blooded M ore* S2$* Call O re * 
Smyth I 344-43$), Lo Pryer 
Sudan G rot* Hay, $1 $4 a bdl* rn born 444-i l l ) 
_________ 

Sudan Hay, SSS 3385 
Sudan nay, 3o4 bdl**, $1 $4 John ton hay. 1o4 bote*. $1 IO Take all 
$1 2$ each 
Clean in barn 
472-7777 
SUDAN HAV 
B i* Bale* in barn $1 to a bolo. 
Bmnco 1-813-4113 
SUDAN HAY 1$ So OI f it 
$1 18 
*21 4*47 
Super dofux* Gooseneck trailer, liv ln * g irt, 4 h o r***, beautiful shape eve* ?1S-#4$3___________ 
Year line Race Prospect* AQH A 
Rep 4461288, m e n * ______ __ 
Yaune Holstein caw and colt Call 
448-1411 
____ 
Young Sows. Ourec 
I T ra ile r tram * 
Young 
Rooster* 
Si 

F ig u r e the cot! of your od from 'n*ie low rates Dodwc* 1o% tai 
* 
, 
(torment Witt! your ordo' Those rotes o i* lot pfvoi* potty won! ads 
3 li n e * and apply to SIX consecutive dOy -nseitions 
2 lines minimum Ap 
4 l i n e i proximately J I spaces per Im* 
5 ( m o t 

Please chock your od th# first day ■' oppeo'i N O AD JU SfM lN tS 
6 liflG B 
FOR I FROH CAN 81 MACH AFTtR THI f IRS! RUNNING DAY 
7 I m p * 

$ 3 .o o 
4 .5 o 
6.oo 
7 .5 o 
9 OO 
IO .S O 

N A M I. 

ADDRESS 

P H O N !N O 

CITY 
STATI 
ZIP 

START DAT! 
CLASS. 

M A I L C O U P O N T O 
IX R R K M -N IW S DOURLK BONUS ADS 

A 
. E a t Th ird S t . / P O 
B o * 2 1 7 1 
-------------- 
S o n A n to n io , T exas 7 8 2 9 7 
-------------- 

Fob 3rd. wide ornate aoli) earring 
Sentimental 
Reword. 
733 8o17 
______ 
LOST 6 reo! Dane, fawn !emo!e, eors cropped, vicinity of 
Ridaewood 
Clem 
TANGLEWOOD Subdivision 4)o 
Maplewood. 822 3552- Please Coll 
Atter *__________ ____________ i 
Irish setter puppy in 
Shavano Pork 497 19)9 t o l l 
Miniature gray bio cl poodle with red collar Vlcinitv ai 
359 Springwood REWARD Coll 
836 7977 or 828 258)____________ 
LO it S month female Irish Setter, scar left hind leg from surgery. needs meditation' 341 3742_____ 
I OST ialt ond pepper 
Schnauter, vicinity of Bandera and Slierrabrook REWARD' Call 
*36 7)65 QI >15 5)18 __________ 
LOST 
Small block Poodle 
Female 
Fredericksburg 
Chamber* Reword 349 1815 
Lost Tuesday, mole 6 ino~oTd 
Doberman, vicinity 339 Timber lane. Childe pol. reward 87B 7386 
LH vf"w " (Satg srnali red white long haired mixed female dog 
674 8*12 
_________ ______ l 6 st whlie Siamsete rot VU rn tty Exeter Rd , Terrell Plata 
REWARD Name 
No Me Nay 
828 6o62 or 225 5154, Jeff_______ 
Noriiislde Pet Detecllve Agenev 
We find Ins! Pets 714 8511 
REWARD Los! white Female tiny tov Poodle, Thur of 4pm. in 
Town View Estates Puppy needs 
Surgery and Is on Special die! 
684 2889, 734 4571. 

HO SPECIAL NOTICES 

 a u d it o r iu m 
Air conditioned tor weddings receptions, dont et, etc Holds up to 45o people 
Greater S A 
Builder Assoc 8925 HW IM IO 
696 38oo 
_ 
— 
A Aauger (leans clogged didies and sewers best plumbing repnir too One call does It all, prices before we start Seven days a week Coll anytime 341 6124 or the white pages for A Aouqer____ 
Atmos! free frorisportolion 
To Son Francisco, Son Diego. 
Denver. D C , Philtdelphla Coll 
324 2221_____________________ 

A TOUCH OF CLASS 
Best looking Girls in Texas Mas sage at PARIS HUBB 12 Beauties ta choote from Open IO 3o am to 
3 nm DK et lion 492 399* 
4 hedr com, i bath, home plus 4 apl* 51ooo mo income 474 5777. 
144 J633 
COWBOY’S 
DISCOUNT 
On mot! Exotic Massages Try it You'll like ill PARIS HUBB 
Open IO 3o am to 3 am 492 2994 
E V I R “ WT1» F " 'f fe T m ^ 7 ^ 
Answer to Miss America "Sheer 
Beauty I" PARIS HUBB, 492 299* 
IVWR WIVE A Swllrh Massage! 
Coll Debbie tor Details, 492 299* 

FOR BENT 
Hourly or daily Auditorium and 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location, great tor mutir. club*. parties, wedding reception*, meetings ol all kinds 
Call 
)«* *539 Near North Star and 
Central Park Mull 

FREE 
WATER BEDS 
EXOTIC 

1 D O U B L E B O M O S A D S * ! 
SAVE YOU 6 o % 
Merchandise only — 
Class 928 
Private Party Household Items 
A N ew lo w Rote for p rivate p a rty M eichondis# A dve rtisin g co ile d 
D ouble Bonus Ads w ill d eliver results a t Texas S ized Savings a t 6 o % 
These ads ore exposed to J V J ,OOO p o te n tia l buyers Dotty rn the Son A ntonio W o n t A d S uperm orhet (3 3 .o o o m ote than the lig h t) 

The D ouble Bonus Spacial is designed to p ro vide o 'e du ce d rote for individuals w ho wish to sell things they no tongei need 
The special rote o f 2 lines. 6 days S3 mokes it p ro fita b le to advertise low cost items Suck os b ab y furnitu re or used appliances 

The only leqw uem enli ore 

1 
O n ly private individuals ore e lig ible for this 6 o % m oney sovm g ta le 
2 
The od must be ploced »©• sn days lf the item n sold b e la te the six boys cue up. you may cancel I ut the i running boys o f the od b ut the fu ll ro te w ill he charged (in other w ords, no refund or rote od|ustm enl tor unused (toys cmd no copy s u b n o tio n s ) 
2 LINES a 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
S A V I A N A D D ITIO N A L 1 o % BY 
M A IL IN G P A Y M E N T W IT H YO U R AD 
■■—11 i i i i 11111 I I rn i iiirii ri 'nrrm 
* .........................................1111 nrcm 
?i 1111111111111 n 1111111 iTrrrrm 
A l I I I I I I I I I I I I I I T I I I ( l l I 'I T T T T T T T ] 
3 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I T I I I I T T T T T T T T r r m 

 o r c a ll ... 225-1666 to d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! si88«8it»m »i»$»»s»$»»s$m w m «-»l 

MASSAGES 
| G iven bv the Foxiest G irls in Son 
Antonio Best p la te to Relax and unwind "F e e l B etter Fast" Out side City I lords Open IO JO lo 3 i am Directions, 492 799* 
I G F f OUR W ^ R L b F ilm out Toe 
M o tto * # bv O ur Beautiful Blond 
L E S IA Open IO JO am ta 3 am 
P ARIS H U B B , 497 7994 
Jiffy f r e t * Instant P rinting 
A full service p rin t shop near you 
1*o* McCullough t i l l Son P edro 
17o1 SW M ilita ry D r 
47o9 F red eric ks b u rg Rd 
726 E Rhaptody a t San P edro 
~ I vtine s Better H eulih Solon 
AS* 7496 
' RA'ITOTffF n 
WB’ "f W M L s 
724-84 It 
I Niiedl ride from firs! kiltie ti'C alden 
I Ci own Or lo F t Sam 537 4*o1 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
I P ric e Shop, C o m p a re 
S till le a 
I t u r in * 1977 M o s s nuns a t 1973 
Prices Com et M eet our Beautiful 
N ew ‘ M e c h a n ic * " . S o m e th in * new com ing soon 11 
THE SO O Y S H O P P E . 497 7o61 

 p m d i r i T i v i e i s b f u u 
A N T O N IO OI 111 A uditorium C lr cie is now Oden In accept Blood 
D onor* You w ill be paid tor your donations Phone 
21) 2959_______ 
SKI 
New Mexico. Colorado 
C h a rte r your ow n p io n *. Cobin 
C la t* Tw in w ith Nile phone, quod m usic. TV. M e a l* on hoard $15o per person (p a rty of 4). round trip 
R u id o s o , $244, A t p .n 
V a l* . 
Steam boat, etc 
Well experienced pilot* using first c lg tt equipm ent 
A lto flying fishing trips, business trips 
You n a m * it, w e’ll tty It ll 
F IR S T T E X A S F L Y IN G S E R 
V IC E 
S A 
1 *9 *1 3 1 1 et 
I 46* 1*71 

SM New Mexico Colorado 
Ch u rler your own High! t l / $ per person round trip (p a rty al SI 
For detail*, ro ll ($12) 4*6 3471 
TO iTd T 7 "l E I 7 1AI i H o i I B r, T I 
M assage from 12 4 F re e Sauna 
732 1341 41)4 (nonce Rd 
7 A I All 
8 
S W IM l i f e t i m e 
M em bership $3*4 Value. Sell foi 
$ 2 5 4 456 474* 

ANY CITY SHARE GAS 
N A T , INC 
(/111 9*6 1o)o 

Christian Club of Singlet More information 
Coll 
474 8o4o 
6754247 
________ 
Won! £orden Riot? 5 min iTToou 
416. att Son Pedro Water Inquire 
Ut 144 * 54 5 34 1 26*1 otter 3_____ 
111 1oO6E No11CES 

I O N lJ lF 

 l i f t * . T 
*tt> Brohma bull 24 Brahm* geed quality Cee st ai $1 45 a bale netter* *4* 1* 3' day I 426-4411, nit* I 424 3173 
H C TTim 6 gti46 
1o6 PERSONALS 

454 4443 

JERRY HENDERSON. 674-1 
— s u i v m rd for u r r 

FEIIUAIY SPECIAL 
' i > 6 d f* F g ii 
,.. 

HORM SHOE INb 
J a m ** 
H a llm a rk , 
Seguin 
I ST* 7114, 17* 34*3 
H W 
IW W , HBC lrA u r I n ­ sure Stables Mer ch ll 
(• Limousin I yr* B c $ B tr I • % 
Bleeds I, with '•Brahman Set viceehle aee *44 3)4* 

Macdona Auction Sain 
E < tr » $ « ll Nee ii Cottle tin 

I. I yr OM Fifty, I. 3 yr eld Colt, By 
Ted 
Di.i. 
TABA 
1 742 1)72; 
I 7*2 1 
1 
2 
3 
_________ 
4 yr ald Beg Appaieeta Mara whit* with bloc* spelt, eanti* eoad riding hors# $54* 16 mo eld reg Serrel Appaloosa Oeldmg 
Geed cenhrmatien sis* it mo old 
Fin* P Odor ad Brawn Appaloosa on Dude s Bo nan ie on* Kin* 
SIM 4*8 2244 

4 84 
■8 Ponte Pesi 
Goal 
8 4 ll"B r 
..... 
I l ,*a impart Borg 
I I L 

It I* 
I) Ii 
Mesh lit ti 
SII i i t i* *S 

 goat*, horse* ll mi S W SA 
Form Bd 2171, Mac den#. T* 
C T w'd fIn , for H W W cO w fS 
South Tete* area Ceil 127 Sill 
^Sen Amaine, l l M I* 3 p rn Men 

Mutton end Alpine Auth Gad!* for 
SBIB- 
..."•SIK!?! 
SHALLOT ONIONS tales, Set . i t * Bepeirt. ted lie a ttn i S tiiu Brewer! want trader Bemat* mn Hwy M Ceti to i t N R wnde fig I 111 l*n 
B f* TTT "iTT6TT5XTP AI”» * < i i * n m 
TTI T T P I T B Ta le te e fr ai 

B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
3141 I I Minter V dr Ut *441 

»k> ii ii I bm 

T h e y m u lt ip ly p r a m o r a d e c hen praducmg per* .eh.ad *4848 aru. wuttMd N m wnui m a r e * * PH 
I * * IM M tlB L M 
Smghum Hay ll M g hat* Lait rn 
IM or mary w it *44 BMI 

IK PEXSMAIS 
"Tuiw mmn iftntiAi* 
Oultid* c ity 
Professional masseuse* 121)4 IM H Ntrlh between O Conner 8 Judson Bd* 
B r r r ! i A i a i m r e a r r « a tingle* ted Ogteiin* tell tree 
'■*481 411 Met i merge Veer Circle el SinaT* 
Frtdddt Join SUBUBBAN SIN 
OLK DATING SBBVKB Cell 
*54 till. Birde *41! Mm hone Wet 
Id* Amenia Toe** fill* 
UBeepd^Me 
CPB vtchi a. lam *4 $11454 17*1 
(CBB CAdmit they Bde* been rn 
I you. timet and met nam t* hem 
Ah *•**. natty *» ars I us se a f$ # U fl P wfih #n' anw'*8 *< eg 
! nancy SBB 
H 
M 
H rn et worm 

Addle hm eker ■ 
Sinafet IB M yrs, inlreduciens 
1 4 4 1 1 1 $, 2 4 4 1 ■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 

We atter $1*.884 cash a w a rB t ray a lf ie * ond p u h lith in g 
P er * free evaluation tend your poems 
I * C ountry C re a tio n * 
B o x 2417, 
Nashville Tonnes** 17114 rn am mum___ 
"Tfm T puBP^ C re w n (ahu, slates area in 
Ja r your 

O a h H 
4 * 4 M M rsurwir cacbar (I i i i u n 

T R T rrm u ii 
. A r a m * H e f t 

P e e n * 
W h it * d a g w it h y e l l * * e a r * , lo n g h a ir I * m e h e e t w i e r , je f f e r s o n N ig h g r o g 7 ) 1 1 )5 4 

I A IT 
A s , . . V a n * . B . p e ri 
P e e m a n e s * m e t * . B l e n d * w it h b r a c k s i* m n r 

AIDA CBIATtONS 
*4 6 o Biont* Bd 
H 4 741 

• - » 
422 H H 

C T f ^ T H f il^ B lW ^ s f B c W T * ’ th iHM Hk lewpfd Cad 111 *t*t 
( S IY 
SKTenf" i(m"T*«i'~»upe» 
N a c a n e r 
A n * i e i i i i 
F . . 
Pip rn . Area 431 H H 

 l W 
T 
I 

I THU I flO W fR I ANO 
Of# TS 
M IS West Awe 
3 4 * 1 * 7 1 

M 
A T T H I W 
I 
F I N E 

 f l O 
W 
I B S 
B ad.ary Serviea 

/ B l N M B D M C B 8 B H B B 
1 
784-121I 

Valentine 

Wtra Cie* Vttda Bohvary 
‘d tarde 
111 
111 7847 

P L O lfta ft BV JULIA 
I t l l » 2 *« IO—ere 
*1 * ' M I 

W O I T H O B C H t O L 
Blee Bed ChNdwA »M»r 

B24-B44* 

T T T n rB T T r n n r r 
L O D G E N o 1 ) 8 9 , A F B A M , 
1 9 1 4 
B a t s * R d S i a l e d C u m in S a t F a b 
12. a t I M p m F C B e a m . w e r e in 
M M D e g r e e 
M e m b e r * u r g e d I * o f f e n d 
V i s i t i n g B r e t h r e n w e t r o m * 
L e o n Y 
M c M a h o n , W m i 
S i * S h u e n fie ld , S e c 

S p e c i a l m e e i i n g i o n A n l o n i o 
, C h a p t e r R o t * C r o ix a n d S a n A n 
•a m a C o u n c il e t K a d o t t i. S c o t t is h 
R ito T e m p i* . S a t u r d a y , F e b r u a r y 
I ). 197/ a f I * A M . t a r th e o u r p o t * o f c o n f e r r i n g t h * l i t h l h ! a u g h 2 1 *1 d e g r e e * 
M e m b e r * u r g e d la a t t e n d v is it in g b r e t h r e n c o r d ia l l y i n v it e d 
J a m * * N 
P a x tun . 32 D e * 
K C C M W it * M a t t e r , 
S t e r l i n g V 
B e r n h a r d 
I ) D o g 
C o m m a n d * ' . R e y I 
O u n t m o r * . l l O e g . S e c r e t o r y 

12o BIDS I proposals 

N O T IC E T O B l D O i R S 
S e a l e d b l d * w ill b a r e c e i v e d b y 
H ie G r a n d * C a m p u s . T e x a s S t o le 
T e c h n i c a l I n s t i t u t e , H a r l i n g e n , 
T e x a n u n til I M P M 
F e b r u a r y 
25, 1977 to r s a l e e t I b u t t e * . 1*7 1 in t o r n a t io n o l 
B id to b e m a d * rn a d o r d a m * w ith l h * S t o le e l T e x a t p r o c e d u r e * 
F o r i n f o r m a t io n , c o n t a c t B M I C a n n e r a t ( 1 1 2 1 
42 $ 4 * 3 7 e x t 44 t r a m 8 14 A M to 
I N 
I M 

S e a l e d b i d p r e n a t a l * w if i b o r e c e i v e d b y lh # B o a r d o f T r u s t e e * 
• o f t h * N o r t h E a s t i n d e p e n d e n t 
S c h e m D is t r le i t o r l h * fo llo w in g i t e m * e t l h * n m * * s h e w n 

P A I R O P V E N E T IA N B L I N O S 
7 4* p rn . W e d n e s d a y 
F e b r u a r y 14, 1 *7 7 
M A G A Z I N E S 
2 4 4 P M W e d n e s d a y 
F e h r u a r y I ) , 1*77 

B i d s t e r m s m a y b e p i c k e d u t p r i e r to h id p e e n in g ut r n * o ff ic e e t l h * D i r e c t e r e t P u r c h a t m g . 
N I I I O , I * ) ) ) B r o a d w a y 
S a n 
A n to n ia . T e x a s 7 1 2 8 * . a tte n tio n 
P u r c h a s i n g D e p o r tm e n t 

 l e u 1* J b i d P r o p o s a l * w ill b e re c e iv e d b y l h * S a n A n to n i* 
In a p p e n d e n t S c h o o l D i s t r i c t o h t h * 
I c h o w in g 
B id N * 7 7 2 $ 
V in y l A s b e s t o s f le e r T it * 
B r i t e * * E l e m e n t a l , 
Bl* O p e n in g I * |g A M . F t p 
I t . 
1 *7 7 
B M N e f i n 
B o t e * a l l h a t t in g c a s t * n r a * a f t * r BM Opening I * M AM. fob rn a t t 
B M t e r m * m a y h e p u k e d p p p r i e r t o B ld t a n n i n g g t t h * g i f t * * e t 
P u r c h a s i n g A g e n t t i l l A u s t in 
S t .g o t HXM A m e n ta , Tutus 

' T or entre cc 
( I Hoi sell 

 n o w ' 

 m a rt m g* m a l* 
B t word $ 4)4*1 6 
UPI 
N a m * W in d s o r 
£ 5 2 9 
‘o U 
J 
2 
* V 
9 
Q 
9 
C a ll 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

Page 
I O E 
San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Saturday February 12 1977 

12o BIDS & PROPOSALS 

INVITATION FOR BIDS rty, Texas 
I Sewer System 
The City of Crystal City, Texas will receive bids for bomfcrry Sei 
Improvements until 2:oo P M . Central 

12o RIOS ft PROPOSALS 

Daylight Savings Time on the 14th of 
March, 1977, at the City Manager’s Of fke at City Hall, Crystal City, Texas at which time and ploce ail Bids will be publicly opened and read aloud. 
Sooted bids and proposal, in duplicate ore Invited upon the several items and quantifies of materials consisting of 
Sewage 
Treatment 
Plant 
Im provements; Monitoring ond Analysis lob 
Equipment; 
Two 
Sewage lift 
Stations; and Approximately 71,613 linear Feet of Sewage Collection lines and laterals 
Contract Documents, including Draw ings ond Technical Specifications, ore on file at the City Manager s Office in the City of Crystal City and The 
Builders 
Exchange of 
Texas, 
61o 
Augusta, Son Antonio, Texos. 
Copies of the Contract Documents ma be obtained by payment of S1oo.D deposit at Hie office of Oruno & 
Associates, Inc , 8118 Broadway. San 
Antonio, Texas 782o9, for each set of documents so obtained loch such deposit will be refunded oil bidders if the Drawings and Contract Documents are returned in good condition within 
IO days after Bid Opening, ond non bidders returning same in good con dition within IO days will be refunded 
SSO OO 
A certified 
(heck or bank draft, payable to the order of the City of 
Crystal City, Texas, negotiable US. 
Government bonds (at pot Value) or a satisfactory Bid Bond executed by the 
Bidder and acceptable surety in an amount equal to five percent (5% ) of the total of Bid for project shall be submitted with enc ii bid. 
Attention is called to the fact that not less than the minimum salaries ond woges os set forth in the Contract 
Documents must be paid on this pro­ ject, ond that the Contractor must ensure that employees and applicants for employment ore not discriminated against because of their race, color, religion, sex or national origin This protect is funded by the local Public works Capital Development ond In vestment Program of me U S. Dept of 
Commerce, Economic Development Ad ministration and Contractor will be re quired to employ as many local 
Personnel as feasible he Qty of Crystal City, Texas reserves the right to reject any or all bids or to waive any informalities in the bidding 
Bids may be held by the City of Crystal 
City, lexos for a period not to exceed thirty (3o) days nom the dote of the opening of Bids for the purpose of reviewing the Bids ond investigating the qualifications of Bidders, prior to awarding of the Control 

' The South Texos Area Exchange, 

Lockland Air Forte Bose, 
Texas, 

 offers for sole one walk in heeler, 

 two comportment 2o8'22oV Pros 

 pective bidders may obtain bid 

 forms, a lisfing of equipment, and 

 inspect same by contacting Mr 

Joseph N Godwin, Bldg 368 Patio 

Gorden Cafe," Manager's Office, Ft 

Sam Houston, Texas, from S OO o.m. 

 to 9-oo a rn , IS Feb. 77 thru 17 Feb. 

77. Sealed bids will be received in 

 triplicate ot Lockland AFB, Bldg. 

21o1, lackland AFB. Texas, 78236, until 4-oo pm , IS Feb. 77. The Ex­ 

 change reserves the right to reject 

 any and all bids Terms "CASH 

BU SIN ESS 
O PPO RTU N ITIES 
$ 

 arc t m 
U S L 

TOUR OPPORTUNITY 

 anting of 
OTY OF CRYSTA! OTY, TEXAS 
B Y E i e a u ie l G o r m a n 
T it le C it y M a n a g e r 
D a t e : F e b r u a r y I O , 1 9 7 7 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 

N O T IC E 
Notice is hereby given by the San 
Antonio Independent School District that a public bearing toncernmg the 
Districts apjUtcafion tor federal fun ding under Title VII Bilingual Act will be held a1 3 p m. in the library of 
Margil Elementary School, 6o1 N las 
Morns, on Wednesday, February 16, 
1977 It will be reinducted by the Title 
VII BHinaual Advisory Committee, Mrs. 
Peggy Shover, Chairperson 
Members of the Tide VII Bilingual 
Advisory Committee include Miss Elvira 
Gonzales, Ahs. Evangelic: Csn;, Mr,; 
Patricio Ctayworth, Ahs 
Effie Moe 
Davis, Ahs. Josephine Russomano, Mr 
Victor Atoreno, Mrs Sam lAortin, Mrs 
Ahey Hayes, Mrs Gilbert ViHorreol, Mrs 
Marganta Huantes, Ahs Josephine An derson. Mis Mary Esther Bemol, Mr 
Juan Rangel, Ahs Yolanda luna. Mrs 
Dolores Regina 

MANUFACTURING COMPANY 
O v r TOO account*. Ow ner will (aha working or non­ w orking p orCnoi. 
FINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
O w nor I S yr*., Grow $1Xo,ooo. 
Not* j a r OOO yr. Good parking. 
$33,ooo. form*. 

PO U G RAPH IN G ft INVESTIGATION 
Top account* 
W in tooth now 
ITToood^ 
$aooo° yr- 

 tapes, reco rds, jew elry 
"**• 
H«turo*. iU o o o t f 
' "*** * 35 ooo' 

FAST FOOO OPERATION 
Alto to go. O W W I * yr*. Alw ay* bo*y. Not* $14,ooo yr,, $13,ooo. 

PT IWN RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with ml cod drink lounge, grot*- jng $4o,ooo mo. •Hart nr*„, good learn, teat, $13o, $63,ooo rln. 

CU AN DARCY KRE EM 
I c o lle n ! parking. Loodi at 
• 
•OP* moneymaker. $$3oo. 
Term*. 

FINEST MIXED DRINK CIUS 
With food. N.I. 
Aet! fixture*. 
Net* $4,3oo mo. $3o,ooo dn. 

BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
' 
M ixed drink*. Sect* tao. Oro** 
$ I $o,ooo. 
Net* 
$4o,ooo yr. iii, OOO dn. 

LARGE SUSY WASHA U RIA 
Clo** to b u *. Groining $33,ooo 
A net* $1 3,ooo yr. $ 9 3oodn. 

SUSY POOL HAU 
M ixed drink*. Net* $2ooo mo. 
$19,ooo dn. No competition. 

NORTHSIDE GROOMING SALON 
Top foot. Rent clientele. lit. 13 yr*. Net* $1o,ooo yr. $5,ooo dn. 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS 
N I, real money maker*, clean fixtures, goad parking, lease*. 

Exclusive BEAUTY SALON 
N I, 3 operators, gross $33,ooo. 

 t r io S S ? 5® *'•' 9~ d leo‘* ' d t dacotrtAn Co: 

7 3 5-9 4 58 
2oo3 N. M A IN 
735-8 6 11 a..— 

EM PLO YM EN T 
D O D 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

B 
E 
A 
L 
L 
’ S 
D E P A R T M E N T ST O R E 

Seeking experienced 
CLOTHING SALESPEOPLE 

Full & P A R T T IM E 

O P E N IN G S A V A IL A B L E 

O th e r p o sitio n s a lso a v a ila b le 

• M A N AG EM EN T TRAINEE 
• M EN ’S CLOTHING 
SPECIALIST 

• ALTERATIONS PERSON 

A p p l y i n p e r s o n 
288 Central Park Mall 

 eq ual op p ortunity e m p lo y e r 

MMDMINISTMTNF 

^ n m c i u i 
•HS - ADMIIHSTMTIVE 
FNMKIAL 
I Islfwlvvnfc 

P U B L IC 
N O T IC E is hereby 

 giv e n that on the 19th d a y 

 o f 
February 
1 9 7 7 , ot 
I 

 p m . , 
A U T O 
A IR 
C O N 

D IT IO N E R S , 
G A R D E N 

T O O L S A N D H O U S E H O L D 

G O O D S will be sold at 

P U B L IC A U C T IO N at 

M ini S to ra g e # 2 2 , 

2 5 o Spencer lo n e 

S»an Antonio, Texas 

U N L E S S indebtedness is sat isfied by that date. 

 lo t I 5 o • G e ra ld O g d e n 

Lot I 8 5 - Fred S. T o ggart 
Lot 2 o 5 - Elester W illiam s 

V . H e r x o g , M a n a g e r # 4 

INTERNAL AUDITOR - RETAIL 
National home improvement renter company has on immediate opening for on internal auditor with the following qualifications: 

 e Accounting degree 

 e fxpenence in inferno! auditing or public accounting with Big 8 firm emphasis on retailing 

 e (xcellent communicative skills 

 e Ability to work effectively with oil levels of the organization 

We are a growth compony ond offer excellent potential for advancement along 

 with an exceptional benefit package, including profit sharing Salary com­ 

 mensurate with experience 
This is a new position ond will require some travel to various compony retoil store locations 
Pleas* submit your resumes ond salary history to: Express A News Box 4So6 
San Antonio 78297 
W e o re an equal opportunity employer 

INVITATION FOE BIOS 
The Urban Renewal Agency of the 
City of Son Antonio. Texos will receive Bids for Market Square, Rosa 
Verde Tex. R 78 Project 
Fanner s 
Market Power Wiring, located Pro duce Row ond Bueno Vista ond Santa 
Rosa ond Concho Street, until 2oo 
PM 
CST on the 
24th 
Day of february. 1977, of 418 South Laredo 
Street, Son Antonio, Texas, 782o7, at which time ond ploce oil bids will be publicly opened ond read aloud 
Contract 
Documents, including 
Drawings ond 
Technical 
Specific otmns, ore on hie of the office of 
UrbovRenewal Agency of the City of 
Son Antonio, Texos at 418 South 
Laredo Street, San Antonio, Texas 
782o7 
Copies of the Coation Documents may be obtained by depositing 
SSO OO with the 
Urban 
Renewal 
Agency of the City of Sot Antonio, 
Texas far each set of documents so obtained loch such deposit will be 
••funded if th* Drawings ond Con trod Documents ore returned in good condition within IO days ofter Bid opening 
A certified check or bank draft, payable ta the order of 
Urban 
Renewal Agency of the City of Son 
Antonio, texos negotiable 
U.S. 
Government bonds (at pot value), or a satisfactory Bid Bond executed by the Bidder and on acceptable surety, in on amount equal to bvt percent 
( S S ) of the total of Bid for Con sri action shall be submitted with 
•orb bid 
Attention is cotied to th* tori that not less them th* minimum salaries and wages os set forth in the Con trod Documents must be paid on this project, ond that the Contractor must ensure thai employees ond ap pitiable foe employment ar* not discriminated agonist because of their race, color, religion, sex. ai notional onjpn lh# Urban Renewal Agency of th* 
City of Son Antonio, Texos, reserves 
(he ctqbt to rated onv or od Bids or to waive ony informalities m the bid ding 
Bids may be held by th* Urbon 
Renewal Agency of th* City of Son 
Antonio. Texos, for a period not lo exceed thirty (IO) (Joys horn the dote 

 put pose of renewing the lids ond in of the opening of lids for lh* if renewing th 
•estigating the quoWicohons of Bid den. pool to awarding of the Con trod 
Urban Renewal Agency of th* 
City at San Antonio. Texas 
------------- 

TM* 
Date February ll, 1977. 

N O T IC E O F P U B L IC H E A R IN G for reap p llcatln of N orthslde In ­ dependent School District Special 
(im poses protect R ight lo road U S 
O ffice of Edu catio n , F rid a y , F e ­ b r u a r y ll , I IO to l l JO A M 
W e stw o od T e rra c e E le m e n ta r y 
/ it s B ronco Lone________________ 
We will not be responsible tor any d e b ts In c u r r e d other th an our- selves R L G R E E R A N O G E N ­ 
E V A G R E E R 

122 PfflCIAL PUBLICATIONS 

N O T IC E O F 
C . P . A . E X A M I N A T I O N : 
Notice I* hereby given, as re­ quired 
Ay few, 
Chai e x ­ amination ter certtflcat* as certified pupil, accountant will lib $4VBb 
Worftb, G a iv ••tow, artd LuMkk6, 
T*b«b oft M ay 4, 
S, and 6, 
1977. 
Farm* ana rmofiwohok m ay ba obfam ad from Itta o#§«* pf «ba Tax cm Stat* Board al 
FuMit 
Accountancy. 
94o 
A m arie an Bop** Yow or, AvftlN. 
Ta.cn 
7 *7o 1. 
Com plot* 
Ap pi** attorn far A r rn nomination mart bo bi fbo Aarttn offtco of 

 tAMMOfting document*, by March 
1 1 / 1 9 IT Any B^ptkeAafi not mooting Ibir rogairomowt may bo dfTBiiaidiijl 

5o1 BUSIIiLSS OPPORTUNITIES 

T A V E R N For Sale 6 Pool Tables a n d J u k e B ox 
M o n e y M a k e r , m ust sell' 
Close in. 
223-7o2$, 
223-5929 
T H E ^ A R E H 6 u $ E C L U B an d 
D iscotheque is being ottered for sale. R e a so n a b le term s, proven fin a n c ia l su c c e ss. C o n ta c t M r 
Stout. 341 I1i4, 494 3229 
T H IS i i l f L 6 o 'N<5g . Converse, 
T e xas Low down paym ent Low re n t C a ll A S I 944} a fte r 4 P M , 
341 1726 ofter R P M 

5o1-BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

A ft* Y O U A G A M B L E R ’ Motel 
14 Cabin 9 Room s, large Tavern, A pool tab le s an d lu ke box 
N ew b ridge go in g up $3o,ooo equity, paym ents lower thon rent P rice 
$123,ooo 
W ill tra d e tor R iv e r 
Property 223 7o2$, 22$ 3929 
A u s T iW S i S O R O s h o p ------- 
Estab lish ed prim e U T location 
$3o,ooo cosh 
San 
Antonio j f O f . 
C ate Poteet, a c r o s s sch ool FT tellent tor retired 742 31o1_______ t k k W A S H E R S w ith g a s o lin e pum p s Good locations Excellent opportunities! 333 3o31 

19 U N IT A P T C O M P L E X 
1542 N 
A lam o, ne ar B ro a d w a y , 
F t 
S a m , D o w n t o w n 
A ll f u r ­ nished, a ir co nditio ned In co m e 
$21oo m o 
Z o n e d b u s in e s s . 
$14o,ooo B y Owner. 824-2o3o 

U N U S U A L H l6 W E A R N IN G B U 
S I N E S S O P P O R T U N IT Y O P E N 
IN Y O U R A R E A 
O p e ra te d by m a il and telephone 
N o se llin g 
S e rv ic e in gre a t d e m a n d C o m ­ plete tra in in g and su cce ss pack a ge su pp lied 
S m a ll in v e stm e n t required R ecovered quickly C all 
W allace Cook at AOI 922 1742 tor d e tails___________________________ 
W A N T E D 
Y oung person or cou- pie with form al train ing in design. to own and operate with our help a high fashion design boutique tea lu rin g parquet flooring and area ru g s in C o rp u s C h risti. C o n tact 
Pout 
DuBose, 
9oS 
San 
Pedro, 
22$ 2844 
------------------- w E b U y -------------------- 
B u sin esse s and Inventories 
J K A H N A A SS O C 342 4822 

W E L L E S T A B L I S H E D lin g e rie shop, repeat business, will train buyer, $22,ooo 
R O S S I R E A L T Y _________494 7781 

WORMS i 
W e buy w o rm s under contract 
I 
W orm gro w e rs needed 
$12-4$3-$14o 
W O R M E N T E R P R IS E S 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

Finish H igh School at Hom e 
D ip lo m a a w ard e d F o r tree b ro ­ chure, call A m e rican School, tool tree 
I 8oo-421 8318. 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
42o8 S. F lore s 
924 388o 

 s 6 u t h w e s "t School of M e d ic a l 
A ssistance 
224 2294 
H S 
B roadw ay____________________ 

Veteran Inquiries W elcom e 
Texas Vocational School 
19)3 S F lore s c2$~32$3 

HOUSE OF JEANS 

 now taking applications at all stores 

• MANAGER TRAINEES— Must have 2 yrs. college or equivalent experience in retail or management. 
Must be able to relocate 

• ASST. MANAGERS — Must have retail or manage­ ment experience 

• SALES PEOPLE— Retail experience preferred but not required. 

 apply in person only at nearest House of Jeans 

 applicants must be willing to be polygraphed 

South Park Mall 
4124 Blanco Rd. 
SI 14 Fredericksburg Rd. 
834 SW Military Dr. 
9o7 S W.W. White Rd. 
Central Park Mall 
Wonderland Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

 equal opportunity employer 

PROGRAMMER 

Swearingen Aviation Corporation has immediate re­ quirement for experienced Programmer. Position re­ quires at least 
2 years experience programming business type applications. Also, requires 18 to 24 months experience with COBOL RPG must be learned in minimum time, if not already proficient. 
BAL is desirable. IBM 36o or 37o is desired, but experience with cny medium to large scale main frame is acceptable. A good working knowledge of IBM, 
OS job control language. 

This position provides stable employment, good storting salary, ond fringe benefits. 

Interested applicants should apply in person at the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Corporation, 
International Airport, San Antonio, Tx. (Come East on 
Bitters Road post Blossom Athletic Center, turn right on 
NE entrance rood.) 
______ 
S W E A R IN G E N ^ 

A V I A r 
C O 
H f ’O f - l A n O N 
A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 
An Hqxral Opportunity Employer 

RETAIL ACCOUNTING 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
AVOID TAX SEASON STRESS 

Heavy retail store accounting experience re­ quired. Salary to $16,OCK) plus good benefits. 
Report to Controller. Opportunity to advance. 
Height and weight must be in proportion. All applications held confidential. Send letter and resume (no agencies, please) or call 
Mr. Brenner or Mr. Grimm. 

5 1 2 -2 2 5 -7 1 6 3 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
118 SOLEDAD, SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 782o5 

Has im m ediate openings for 
IBM PROGRAMMER ANALYSTS 
W ith experience in system 
37o O .S.-V.S. I 
Excellent benefits plus stock option. 
Please send resum e and salary requirem ents to: 
M.I.S. D epartm ent H ead 
P.O. Box BHoo1 
San Antonio 7 8 2 8 4 
An Equal Opportunity employer 

68? S»«S 

6112 SUES 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Our tipansien program be* 
•*• ne* several residmitial sales pesitiecis or rare*!-oriented parsons with or WITHOUT ex­ pedient*. Tour swttess potential it tberkugbly explored in our CON- 
FIDENTIAl interview program lf yew are accepted, yew benefit 
1 I rem ewe extensive in-heuse training program end our proven success patterns, 
(all 
Jerry 
Seagrove. 124-o121, et our San 
Pedro 
Office or 
Frank 
Weatherbee, 
342-3211, et our 
Fredericksburg Rd. Office, or Bill 
McGinnis, 
494-7451, et ewe treekheliew Office, 1513o San 
Fedre. 

 k o s o u r & k f i i r a ^ 

R EA LTO R S-5o YRS. O f TRUST 

SECRETARIAL 

6o2 SALES 

 s a f e s t 

6o1 - PROtfSSIOML 

SH MONEY TO UNO 

Established Tavern 
Gooct *tob l* incom e, d rin k * ond q o m a * 
P r im e lo c a tio n , n e a r 
Sequin on IH IO and near la rge in d u stry , fu lly eq u ip p e d , go o d b u d d in g , la r g e c o rn e r lot. a ll ! 
$43,ooo Cosh or term * 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
I 
179 3947 
S E G U IN , T E X 
SOI E 
K in gsb u ry P Q 
Box 1122 
Fine Jewelry ond Sift \tore 
P rim e N ortheast location 
2,ooo Sq ft $4o.ooo Coll 822 931$ 
For L e a s* th e Bi iou Lounge 
41o4 San P e d ro 
F u lly equipped tor busine ss 
341 7284 or eves 
4V4 2614 

 ftOR S A L E 
M O N E Y M A K l k d 
B A R B E R S H O P 9o7 S B R A Z O S 
G rocery Store So Central Texas tow n (po p 3,ooo), A n n u a l g r o s s lo v e r $4oo,ooo 
G o o d in c o m e 
O w ners wish to retire 24o4 York town St, No 132. Houston Tx 77o34 

 h a i r s f V l iN d U L 6 n Jo.' sui7 
E stablish ed 4* * ye ars Good bust n e ss 
C o lle g e a n d p r o fe ssio n a l clientele 43$ 2o79 
------------ H I L L d 6 U N t » V ' ------------- 
N E A R C A N Y O N L A K E ! 
Country hom e plus M o m A P op type ' R e sta u ra n t ta v e rn with 2 g a s p u m p s, p lu s e q u ip p e d m e- th am e s g a ra g e 2 4 a c re s' Owner will finance tor right party 
I 91$ 2138 i N t m m 
D 
IN b l) V IN G Locol 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
W e spec roll!* In the purch ase of eChottel or R e al Estate Notes 
• Finan cial L e asin g 
• Facto ring Accounts R e ceivable 
IN Q U IR E A T 224o314 
H IO H B C B ld g 
San Antonio 
H Tg H L T k t g P A R k t t A t E B A H K 
The bank with m ore tim e tor you I 
H igh land at H a ck b e rry $32 3111 
-------------- N E E D f c A i H - --------------- 
B U T H A V E N O C R E D I T ? * ? 
Coll U nion Finan ce 223 4o71 
Q U IC K C A S H tor your first or se co n d a ry m or- 
• iiue toons 223 147$ 

L m a L l H<$NOR L O A N S 
J U ST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
A A A C R E D IT _________ 
223 4249 
S ta rlin g , e x p a n d in g, in ta n gib le a c c o u n t s r e c e iv a b le c a s h a v a ila b le tor th e se a n d o th e r m oney needs Call 473-o837 now 

M6 HBWCIMIBKSTMtBIS 

P M v a t m n v e s f o m ie e d e d T o w i a n c* purchase of m aiorlty stock 
I in 4o y e a r c o m p a n y 
$23o,ooo regutred, with ten year pay bock 
; Call 
I $92 14o7 

CONSTRUGION 
PERSONNEL 

 inmwdiata Opening In U rg e 

Building Construction Company 

PROJfCT 
SUPERINTENDENTS 

IO yrs. Construction lig e r tone* 

Ag* 3o-5o 

FIELD ENGINEERS 
2 yrs. Experience 

M utt Be Willing To Move 

From Gty ta City. 

Sand Resume In Confidence To 

Franklin Koliutek 
W W CONSTRUCTION 
CO., INC. 

F.O. BOX 621 

TEMPIE, TEXAS 76So1 

An Equni Opportunity Employer 

S A L E S 

Tile Son Antonio Exp re ss/ N e w s Corporation bos an immediate opening in Classified outside sales. 
E x­ cellent opportunity for a responsible person with som e experience in new spaper sales. 
Sa la ry plus com mission. Car allowance. C om p any benefits plus ad vancement. 
For appointm ent call: 
JIM ALLEN, 2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , ext. 4 o o betw een 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. 
An E qual O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Adveitistmentt in these tolumru ate a.ropted on the premise thai jobs ot lered will be Wed on the bosn ot men! without discrimination because of sci unless the fob n a bonafide or 
(upononal qualification 
EM PLOYM ENT 
AGENCIES the Son Antonio Pileate (mjrioyment 
Arsonation has o rigid Code of I thus lo whxh oil its private employment aqenry members subscribe for in foimotion about private employment oqemies or aition on (omptotnh toll 
7*4 78o7 ol lh I 
Belier 
Business 
Bureau 

^eeemmemememmmmmmemmmmeeemmmmmmmammammmmmm^. 

PART TIME WORK— FULL TIME PAY 
* 
ATTfMTtOM T IX A S B U SI U T A H UC IM M D 
SALIS a n SOW S— (M AU A U M A L I 

Supplement your income pad time evenings and or Saturday ond Sundays 
YE Appointments pre set for you 6pm - 9 pm it All sales aides are provided for you 
YR Training in our field provided for you 

YR Big commissions paid wookly + assistants fees 

YR Opportunities and namings art unlimited with a leader in Our Industry 

North American Towns Of loxes Inc. 
Call J. W. MCCLAY 
732-2111 9 am ’til 9 pm for confidential interview 

Become a professional 

Pharmaceutical 
Representative 

 for Piker laboratories, Inc. a 3M Company 

 lf you have a college de­ gree in science, preferably in biology, or equivalent experience, such as para­ medical background, with an ability to (earn quickly, then we hove an outstan­ ding training program to help you acquire the kno­ wledge ana skills nec­ essary to become a real professional represen­ tative promoting pha­ rmaceuticals to physicians in San Antonio and Laredo, 
Texas. 

 lf you want a sales career with a dynamic and pro­ gressive company with an excellent starting salary, bonus, company car and company-paid medical and retirement program, please call: 
Bob Washburn 
(512) 344-4581 
Sun. 2/13 1PM-6PM 
Aion. 2/14 9AM-5PM 

 a* t**w Oee—*** v tx W v - * ' 

EXECUTIVE 
SALESPERSON 

$24,ooo + COMMISSION 

Join the growing Energy Con­ servation field. You will toll on business people only Iou must loqk, dress ond be sharp, local young company with tremendous growth potential. Coll today for 
Saturday Interview Appointment. 

Positions available in outlying areas. Also Laredo, Seguin, San 
Marcos, etc. etc 

512-681-o6oo 

HOME SALES 
CORPORATION 

JIM WALTER HOMES has opening 

 for sales personnel no 
Real 

Estate license required. 
Must have jood transpurtation, salary 

 plus commission, and all benefits 

 available Contori 653-1336. 

A n E q u a l O p p o r t u n i t y 

E m p l o y e r 

 p s s x m s 
EXPERIENCED 
ROUTE SALESMAN 

G u a r a n t e e o r 

C o m m i s s i o n 

Phone Mr. Wofford 
226-1326 
For Appointment 

 inc. 
W 4 

EXPERIENCED 
USED CAR SAUSMAN 

* Excellent opportunity 

★ Excellent working conditions 

WE N A V I TNE BUSINESS - 

DO YOU HAVE THE TAUNT? 

We need you on our team! 
PHILLIP S MOTORS 
252o BROADWAY 

SECRETARY 
INSURANCE CLERK 

International airport com pany needs per­ manent com bination 
Secretary / Insurance 
Clerk to handle w ork­ mens com pensation 

 and em ployee group insurance along with secretarial duties. 

Coll R. H. Bentley 
8 2 8 -1 3 4 1 
J 

PROPERTY/CASUALTY 

Secretory to Senior Vice 

President. 
National 

 broker. M U S T hove com ­ 

 mercial casualty e x ­ 

 perience. 

Call Linda Sow ell 

225-61o1 

SECRETARY 

Shorp person needed for ex ecutive seaetary, must be personable ond well versed in office skills 

Excellent pay and benefits 

N A P A D U M Im »9 (« et 

I 7 o o N . A l a m o 
Contact Boh Hurt*, 
2 2 7 - 1 2 2 1 

REAL 
ESTATE 
SALES 

I need 2 dogies site agents prefer bt lingual, full time 
• 6o% (ommtssjons Paid 
Excellent working conditions 
• Plenty of leods 
TO 
TOU W K UKE USI 
U N ANTO M O M A I ESTATE 
Rtailors - 349-4531 
3 2 3 1 W E S T A V E . 

REAL ESTATE AGENTS 
THINKING OF MAKING A 
CHANGE? 
CAU ME ABOUT ... 
TOP COMMISSIONS 
TRAINING 
TWO GROWING OFFICES 
BILL SOUTHERN, 
REALTORS 
34 2-4 1 77 

W A N T E D : To start im m eaiately, several p e rson* m ale or fem ale to sell quality ste ak * tor new c o m ­ pony C oll 484-4947 7 A M to 4 PM . 

 k C C O U r 

51o MOBLY WARTH) 

 dMteecTof $4 OOO in ss OOO lIT vlarra busine ss W ill pay good interest 
F o r m o re in f o r m a t io n , c a ll 
73$ S U I Ask tor M r Avile 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

BIDS WANTED 

I Seated Itch oddressed to 
( M i, City Hoi. Sot Antonio. Texas be (trowed tor IL C PARI DEVELOP 
MENT rn onerdanct with pions o nd4]t 1 6 U 6 A 4 T 6 R e fo r s a le b t 

Trove! A ge n cy Interested Setters kept 
C O N F ID E N T IA L ! 
Call 
349 4343 

 vpe( (treatrom on hit Mi th# Office ti 
James H Acosta, Ingmeermg Dwtston, 
Fourth Floor of City HaR 
7 
The bids .hoi bt submitted rn duphcate the envelop* (ontowing ony bid to bt tndorstd os follows 
I ( ( P U I DEVELOPMENT 
A TWI NTT 
(IVE DOLLAR - ($71oo) - deposit will be required on each set ef pions ond specify ahem 
3 
A (ashier s (heck ti bid bend poyabi* to th* ordtr of lh* (tty of Son 
Antonio. Ttxas, ni an amount not less thon bvt per cent (3%) of lh* total bid, must accompany each bid ii a guarani** that if awarded th* can j trod, th* wests shit txOdei wdl pit mptty tnt*! alto a (anfract and fa­ tcat* a hood an th* standard farms provided, es outlined rn lh* tpeufxa lions ond ion Ired documents 
4 M s xxi ho received m tho Office of th* 
City 
C M until 
7oo 
PM 
TUE SOA!, MARCH I 1977 and then pubbcty opened and lead aloud any bids leceived otter thai xnl be return od unopened 
$ A Pertormonro load. in en amount of nor less than one bundled per cent 
(1oo%) el the centrad price con 
(fat Mined upon 
Hit faithful ptrformanct of rn* centrad end upon the payment of ai persons supplying label end fur lushing matenah. wnl bt required A Payment lend es lequMod by Art $16o, I C S Texes, mutt atte be 

 owner C o m * sc * at 12*oo N ocog deciles R d or call 43$ 3883 
L O U N O E . rem odeled com pletely, furnished P op u lar N Z o u a m o r a A real m oney m aker. St SO m o 
224 1414 or 824 4919 
M e n c o n fto o d l o f t for rTnTT S lK 
•quippe d 
(.lyin g Q u arte rs S3$o m o ♦ deposit 432 343$ 
N otion a l se rv ic e type fra n c h ise 
I now a v a ila b le $73oo total cast 
I *4oo8 m inim um cash Fo r details call 
R a y 
H arw ell 
1 713 941 8129 
, sotted 
I 
6 V V N C R b t t i * IN S ----------- j: O a ra ge and aute p arts on 1, aero, 
II auto parts building had 3888 sq Pf 
! and rents tor $3o8 per m o G a ra g e 
, building has 2,4o8 sq it with lots 
I of rom p space ond nets $1oo8 per j m o M echanic will stay with new i owner, it de sire d ideal location, j good term * 349 1479 j N ectar J H arb eck Inc . R e alto r. 
Ow n Your o * i i B usiness 
White 
I Auto Stores. 3918 C a ll F ie ld R d 
I W ichita FOH*. Tx (817)492 3418 
| ft I n B U (' O’m l o u ’ n S V 

K E Y 

P U N C H 

4 Short W eeks 

O t h e r T r a in in g in: 

Compt'lei Operations 

Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Modxal Secretory 

Nuts* $ Aide Orderly 

Coll 224-9286 
C B M 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

 t a b * a ssu m e loan an 
N e ar (a c k la n d 

A C C O U N T A N T S M K 
In ge n u ity, m g m t a b ility 4 exp 
M a r y 828-4494 N ew D a y P e r so n ­ nel Const!*. 981 N E Loop 41o 

A S I i i T A k l f T 6 1 h e ---------- 
D E A N OF S T U D E N T S 
A N O A D C A O E M IC S E R V IC E S 
Southwest Te xas Slo t* u n iv 
P e rm ane nt position Re sp on sib le tor a n a ly t i c a l s t u d ie s in t h * d e v e lo p m e n t of s y s t e m s a n d procedures and liaison in th* area of Student and A cadem ic Services w ith 
A d m i n i s t r a t i v e 
D a t a 
P r o c e s s i n g 
R e q u ir e m e n t s include B a c h e lo r's d e a r ** M a s ­ t e r 's p r e fe r r e d , h o w e v e r s i g ­ n ific a n t w o rk e x p e rie n c e m a y sub stitu te tor m a s t e r ’s d e gre e 
T w g y e a r s e x p e r ie n c e in p ro - 

EXECUTIVE SALES 
Salary $8oo - $13oo Per Month 

 fipandmg national corporation needs t* fill a limited number of 

 openinqs in San Antonio and surrounding areas Stoning salary SWX) 

 to SI3oo per month (omousstons pius bonus over salory wmprehen sty* training, management opportunities, retirement plan Equal op 

 poriumty employer ag* no bonier M f Inquiries held in confident* 
Call Patsy Young (512) 8 2 8 -6 3 o 9 

 o r s e n d le t t e r o r r e s u m e t o : 
Patty Young 
Suite 216, D & M Building 
Son Antonio, Texas 7821 7 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

T R A I N I N G O F F I C I O 
I'n m o r r duties will in v o lve the p lan n m q d e ve lo p m e n t ond .rn pigm entation of training activities m m ental health and so cial ser­ vices R eq uires stro n g a d m m is tro liv e ond tra in in g sk ills and e x p e r ie n c e in m e n ia l h e a lth 
■ ■ ■ soc to! work G o od o ral co m m on 
,o n d m o n o no tio ns in both Spanish and E n g 
•■sh Degree required, M S W nigh gem ent, an d a ca d e m ic sy ste m s d e v e lo p m e n t 
M u s t be a b l* to work well with stre ss and duad 
Mn* requirem ents Apply before $ p rn F e b ru ary It. 1*77, P ersonnel 
O ffice . S o u th w e st T e x a s State 
U n iv e rsity , R o o m 288, L ib r a r y 
Adm Burldina. San M arcos, Tex 
o* 78444 $12 24$ 3711 

SW T SU is an affirm ative action, eg UPI opportunity em ployer 

Iv desirable Salary are a $1o,3oo 
A p p ly rn p e rs o n o r su b m it r e ­ sum e 
Personnel D irector $3$ S 
M a in , 3rd F lo o r , S a n A n to n ie 
782o4 
A f f ir m a t iv e a c tio n *m - 

6o2 SALES 

6 lh* successful bidder will be re quired ta execute lh* standard cen 
I sh vc twit centi od pieperod and sup pked by th* (tty 
T Th* (tty reserves lh* nghl to rated any end a i bids ond waive ony 

I B This is a proposed eubhr ewkt ton had. end Artlet* Sl$*e, K S texas, rn emended requiring Wet net leu i than th* pi evading wage rat* for »o,» el ■ sandal charade' * this lecghty 
I chai be paid alt taborets workmen, 
M d mechanics employed m lh* cm j shuchen meteor shgl be compiled 

Mf 
N O N { H K R i M I N A T 
( O M 
IN 
E M P L O Y WU N Y J 
. " Y o u * ! 
B ID o 8 R S O N T H IS W O W K 
W i l l 
B l 
R I O U I K I O 
T O 
C O M P L Y 
W IT H 
IH C 
P IC S IO C N T S 
E X E C U T IV E 
O R D A S 
FOO 
I I 2 4 6 . 
T H I 
R I Q U IN A M E N T S F O K K IO . 
O C K ! 
A N O 
C O N ­ 
T R A C T O R S 
U N O AR 
T H IS 
O t O O 
A K S 
E X P L A IN E D 
I N T H I S P t C l f t C A T I O N S . 

G V JACKSON. IJ 

 over paym ents ideot night spot 
*73 Bise offer I 
I rid P orsche Si#. ) > ille r ’a JvC F M stere*, B a h ia red. 31,888 m iles, 
'• x c e l cond S4,4$o. ph one K e rr- i vtM* I B$7-E ll I 

PROUT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n A B r a d tfr e e t s a v e C o in 
O p e r a t e d L a u n d r y a n d O r y 
; C le a n in g S t a r * * a r * o n * et two industries with th* least failure figures i K W IC K W A S H carn o p e r a t e d 
I la u n d ry an d d ry c le a n in g test steres tor sate 
W E H A V E chare* la u n d ry loco 
: hens in every port et Son Aniente ready to bund new 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For rotor mutton edit B d Floyd 
$12 484 1721 ar v is it o u r mar- th o u s * sh o w ro o m al $483 J a ck weed, San Antonio Tx 78318 
Feed Com m ercial Sates Inc 
The W orld s Large st 
Speed Osteen Distributor 

' R E A L esiate braker needs work n i l p a r t n e r w ith s a l e s m a n s lice n se an d k n o w le d ge et cern mer cm l real estate rn San Anton ta M I 7112 r m r e i w 

HALLMARK 

A M O - T M H ^ 

B E C O M E A L IC E N S E D 
A V I A T I O N T t C M N t C IA N 

 a Approved lei Hetero"' 
* Accredited MATTS Imtituhoi. a IA I Approved 
# (outset vt Autism* end 7owe*pie" 
* Quoin« I *r • AA AA? I "erne 
# Coulee Our a* ran 17 Mon'ht e 
Foramen! Assisionce 

 visit OO CAU 
H A L L M A R K A I R O H C H 
I I M 99th Vt, jew*** lurid 
San Automa Texas 7 I2 U 
9 3 4 a s s i 

E N R O L L N O W 
AFF9oVW W R V I TERA At) 

N E W D A Y A N i l l C L A S S IS 

 co m p a r * ai ices 
.. B a y b a c k cen lr ac I tim * p a y m e n ts p lan en a 
I bed B e l ft.. 3* *4o w o rm s I* a 
* b e d a d o r a tio n e lse h a r v e s t 

Qty Citril 

IMA k u U U I t o ( ASS is t i l lo g e 
I e e e l ss ONP retort 

BMMrhant G a r lic G re w t a They n u tH ply alan t p r eau< line pf e+ycMM acre valued SeWu aru* W a ding maternal n w r se i oh tau can produce TM H I >7 le v i s ' S N I 

Civil ENGINEER 
Registered, exp with co n su ltin g, firm L o c a l S W K tee nege C a lli 
John Vest 
L o ck * E m ploym e nt Service 
83o oo71_____________ 2444 C ag e o t 
Com puter Operator P ro gra m m e r 
IB M S I. M u st be fa m ilia r with 
R P G ll. m inim um I yr exp Call 
M r O roanstam 213-1947_________ 
Houston B ased F irm has opening in Son Antonio Exce llent oppor 
•unify 
P re fe r m a r r ie d with de 
?re * Starling salary up to 111,88o : all E L 
M artin , at L a Q uinta, 
734-7*1) be tw e e n t o m 4 pm on : 
Friday, earn lorn an Saturday, far ' appointm ent E q u a l O pportunity 
Em prpyer M F 

JO R H U N T IN G ’ $13 $*$,ooo Ber n a r d H a ld a n e A A s s o c 
( S I I ) 
143 2144 
S in c e 
1*47 
N o t a proc em wit agency 
_____ 

M atu re lady ar man. u nado rned e x perrace d in s u p e r v is in g le i* phone sales operation M ust h a y* m an a ge m e n t ability w ork long hours, tree ta travel country wide tor extended periods, substantial salary and travel expenses paid 
M ust have excellent • afer onces 
Cow 344/Q4I bet ore neon________ 

O F F IC E M A N A G E R 
Adm inister r e tire m e n t p io n s, f in a n c ia l p i m o m b a c k g ro u n d S m a ll office. lull resp onsibility R e su m e, B a i 
12481 SA. T III! 
Position Available 
S O U T H W E S T t e x a s 
S T A T E U N IV E R S IT Y 
R E S ID E N C E H A L L D IR E C T O R 
Live m position 
D u tie s 
G r o u p e n d in d iv id u a l counseling, refe rral, d iscip lin e , p r o g r a m m in g s la t ! se le c tio n , supervision, tra in in g R e tid e n ca 
H a ll * r r e la t e d e x p e r ie n c e prefer red M a ste r 's D e gre e Ap ply before l p m 
F e b r u a r y 18, 
1*7# Personnel O dic*, Southwest 
T e x a s S la t * U n iv e r sity , R o o m 
188. L ib ra ry Adm 
Building. San 
M arcos, Tx /lees SIJ 14$ JJU 

SW T SU is an affirm ative action, equal ogpdftunity em ployer 

Prutesw enai Executive 
Cansurionis int I 
Personnel Censoitunl* 
4243 IH IS Su d * 448 
___________ t it 734 224J___________ 
P r o g r a m C o o rd in ato r fur p re s choel end atter settee! p ro g ra m s 
Ahu st have B A in e d d y chriahued e d u c a t io n a n d e x p e r ie n c e 
■ B H 
N eighbor heed 
Cantor tj$ IIV I 
R io t and A t SO C IA T M i 
I rn Ole » merit baryte# 

 a s t * f f f e i 
___ 
SP A S S O C IA T E s pro fessio nal 
C m p id vm o n l Con S u d a n i' 
B l * H W 
I >88 P t t t t » 

TUCHLRS! 
SpacM*'M M R TOAK hor p M cam o n l 
S P B A R S P E R S O N N E L S r. rn ja c k so n * * U , r 
111*8*3 

A R E Y O U T H IN K IN G Of selling tho one th in g o v tr y o n o ne eds - 
R e al E s t a t e ’ W e ll tra in full ar p a rttim e 
E a s y to do w ith our s p e c ia l p r o f e s s io n a l t r a in in g school no oxportonco ne cessary 
We furnish all buyers and sellers tor you and nelp you a*! licenses 
J U ic k ly 
C a ll 
I N T E R S T A T E 
828 87$$ til 8 p m________________ 
Attention A A H agents 
Fre e le a d s1 Coll 341 n u t 

AVON 

C A N H E L P Y O U P A Y T U I* 
T IT IO N B IL L S Sell in your sp o rt lim e M en and wom en are invited ie call 22* 8*41 tar rotor matron 

★ ★W ANTED* ★ 

HEAVY DUTY 
TRUCK 
SALES SPECIALISTS 

Mission 
Chevrolet, 
Bexar 
County's only 
Chevrolet 
Heavy Duty Truck Agency needs experienced 
Sale* 
Specialist. 
Great 
Compony 

 benefits, hospitalization, in­ surance plan, demo and gal furnished, salary pius com mission. 
An equal op poriumty employer 
Contact: Noble 
Brock, 924-2311. 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 

CARDIO VASCULAR 

INSTRUMENTATION 

SALES 

P a c e m a k e r 

 e x p e r i e n c e p r e f e r r e d . 

S o n A n t o n i o a r e a 

S e n d c o m p le t e 

 r e s u m e 

3 9 3 o K irb y Dr. 
Suite 14o 
Houston, Tx. 77o98 

E X P E R I E N C E D 
SH OE 
PERSON 

Wanted to sell high grade 

 ladies shoes. 

Call for appointment 
Mr. Nus ba urn 
3 4 2 - o 7 7 1 
GUARANTEE SHOES 

6o4 TICHNICAl________ 

J ^ o T r ^ T e c h n T c T a r T w ith m in ' im um 2nd c la ss F C C license tor 
I m a n a g e m e n t of a v io n ic s shop. 
S12-S78-1221 Victoria, Tx 
B l5 L o 6 T a L T c i E N C E ------- 
T E C H N IC IA N 
P re v io u s e x p e r itn c e in e v a lu a ­ tio n a f e n i y m * a c t i v it y a n d c h e m ic a l c o n s t it u e n t s of biological specim ens K now ledge of e n z y m e In s o la t io n a n d p u r ­ ific a tio n p r o c e d u r t s r e q u ire d 
! Prefer som eone who ha s w orked i with a u o tm a tic a m in o a c id a n ­ alyzer P le ase call 474-141o to a r ­ range interview. Southw est Foun- 
; dation Fo r R e se a rc h Edu catio n 
’ S o u p * Opportunity em ployer 

EHC. TECH $8oodIus 
Vie 922 2711 1231 SW M ilita ry 
922 271) 
1211 SW M ilita ry D r 
Job E xperts Inc P lacem e nt Ser | e' x ftfe ft.E N C fe b ------------- 
ARCHITECTURAL 
DRAFTSMAN 
P e rm a n e n t position R e p ly W in -1 
?ler A Sharp, Architects. 1717 1oth ; t W ichita Falls, Tx 743o1 or call 
(8171322 1131 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
$9oo per m onth, e x c itin g o p p o r­ tunity tor e x e cu tiv e se c re to ry . 
A t t r a c tiv e N o r t h s ld e lo c a tio n , 
8:3o to S, 5 d a y w e ak . T y p in g 
8oW PM , use dictaphone, m ust be w e ll g r o o m e d , h a v e e n e r g e tic p e r s o n a lity , a n d be w illin g to supervise. P le a s*, send resu m e to 
E x p re ss N e w s Box S23S, San An- tonlo, 78297. 

E x p e r ie n c e !) L e g a l S e c r e t o r y who can take c h a rg e and handle business and real estate transoc lions with m in im u m supervision. 
Sa la ry co m m ensurate with ability and exp. All inquiries confidential 
227 31o4 
E X P E R I E N C E D s £ < ! : R E ? A R Y needed tar well established firm $ day, fringe benefits, on in n line 
A p p ly in p a r s o n S o l 
F r a n k 
Uniform s. 7o2 South San ta R o sa 

Piano O rga n Salesp erson ( M F I 
N e e d not h a v e e x p e r ie n c e in setting these p ro ducts but som e p lo y in g ability 
Job opportunity o tte r p o te n t ia l at S IO $2o,ooo depending on abilities W ill from . 
Apply to E x p re ss-N e w s B ox 2491, 
78297.___________________________ j 

Real Estate Sales it you are licensed ond consider m g c h a n g in g c o m p a n ie s o r p reparing to apply tor a license, call m e for on interview: In addi­ tion to a ge n e ro u s c o m m is sio n sch edule, we otter e x ce p tio n a l office accom odations in excellent locations plus sacral security ond 
: M e d ic a l In s u r a n c e p a y m e n ts. 
R U S S K L IN G IN S M IT H . 342-41oo 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

 j 
R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S 
Wonted 
2 licensed agents witting to enter a tra in in g p ro g ra m de signed to turn you into a m illion 
I d o llar produced within 9o d a y s i Full tim * only 481 o44o 
RED CARPE! 

R E A L 
E S T A T E 
S A L E S M E N 
N E E D E O 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
I 473-1491 
47)-1 IOO 
L a d ie s Specialty Shop N orth side 
S A L E S M A N tar m ad s clo th in g 
Location Apply only if you have i »t<ir, t o p sa la ry , steady w ork, prevan sale s ability. C o rd e r per- benefits, m ust have experience sons and m issy custo m e r* m ust 
B orry M an u factu rin g Co 4o4 7**o be serviced M ultiple sales or# th# I 
T T T 

EXPERIENCED 

, e ! i — r g 1 
. 

REAL ESTATE CAREER 
UCOttfD-UNUCtNSfD 
Lorn whit* you learn Do to ex pansion era art seeking high cabber penal# tho have no ceiling 
Unlicensed' lets discuss your future ond learn about our on its* e training program 
IKlN SfD? en ai! about our sales develop men! program 
Good companies attract good peep!* — hi turn, good people make good com pomes This could be the slori of a 
K association fee you — loc us! am* Glascock or Bdl Cuddy for 
8 confidential intern** 

FULL CHARGE 
I MANAGER I 

CIVIL DRAFTSMAN 
Sa la ry co m m en su rate with abri! tv 828 444o______________________ 
M A P D w A F T I hri», 3 ye ors exper 
£— i: 
;------ jj- ----- ranee m in im u m , s a lo r y with ex I 
,5?c 
? f ! 
A p e n a n c e a n d a b ility , banatite. 

M O T O R F R E IG H T 
L IN E N E E D S 

B ilin g u a l E x a c u t lv # S e c r e ­ tory This is a care er position. 
M u s t h a v e s k ills of t y p in g tO w p m , sh o r th a n d 7 ow pm ; also m ust be w illing to learn a ll p h a se s of the b u s in e s s . 
Som e college education desired. 
S T A R T IN G S A L A R Y 
SIS.ooo A N N U A L L Y 
A ll f r in g e s p a id fo r b y the co m p an y . R e p ly to E x p r e s s 
N ew s B ox 4 SO I 

P A R T T I M E 
SECRETARY 
B u s y e x e c u tiv e n e e d s se c y 2 3 e v e n in gs a w eek S: 38-9 OO p rn. 
M u st h a ve go o d sh o rth a n d an d typing skill*. $4 per hour, call M r 
H o ld tor appointm ent. 224-8421 
R TI E ft f i s h I 4 T " n e E 6 E O to r 
Northslde R e al E state office Lite typing and an sw e rin g telephone 
Coll 494 S22) tor oppt. 
Secretary MOO • Fee Nego 
W ork tor 2 p e rsons hi soles dept 
Lovely office - lop benefits 
L o ck * E m ploym e n t Service 
824-9871 
2444 Ceegee 
S E 'g fe fe U fc V . Soufkside. School a d m in istra tiv e ) o ffic e , ty p e 7o 
W P M , varie d office duties, a re­ sp o n sib le positio n tor a m ature accurate an d dependable person 
924 8SSI 

F e rgu son M a p C o , 225-7oo2 

 m i n i 'co m p u t e I O p e r a t o r 
Dow ntow n lcation, full-time. S-dav week. needed im m ediately. 
■222-9479 j 

TV TECHNICIANS 
Are you worth S4-S3 per hour part 
I h m * o r f u l l t i m e ? t 2 Z l S 4 o ^ ^ ^ 

6o5 RESUMES 

R E M — 
R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
499 IO U 

6 ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

 penance In triol procedures and ability to p e rfo rm duties with a m in im u m of su pe rvisio n . S a lo ry c o m m e n su ra te with e x perien ce ond qBMMy. 227-1184 

SENIOR SECRETMtV 
$636 Month 
M u s t be a b l# ta ty p e / o w p m . shorthand 88, ond 2 yeors se cre­ tary oc Odem ic exp Good tounda hon rn E ngtish gra m m a r H igh ly 
< >-ipr>n'itx** position, that requires reliable, independent ludgem ent 
U T 
H E A L T H 
S C IE N C E 
C N E N T E R 
77o3 F loyd C url D r 
E quo l Opportunity Em ployer 

S II tfflaiC U H C M 

AVON 

L E T S Y O U G E T M O R E O U T 
O F L IF E ! H e re'* your oppor tu n d y to e a rn m o n ey win p r ic e s , h o n o r s , p e r s o n a l recognition 22*6*41 tor rotor matron 

B u s in e s s m a c h in e s sa le sm e n . with m anagem ent potential m -1188 

COFFEE 
Sa le s p e rso n s needed C o m m is u„ pl,,' or, < rn loge 34* 4344 

COMMERCIAL SALESMAN 
P re fe r tru c k tir e e x p e r ie n c e 
Salary pius com rn u s ion Contact 
Ted LH Ienw dh 223 3483__________ 

COMMISSION SALES 
H S , 8 8 8 4 p e r y e a r 
C o m p a n y needs inside salesperson far fen a none sates Coll lo oppt 73* J U ) 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Salespeople are am o ng the high est paid ro the war id 
1 im m ediate openings 
2 W* writ train 
) M u g have car 
4 We work leads w e ' basis 
For personal inters raw 

- m m 
* 
ENCYCLOPEDIA 
P R O S O N L Y 
C eti tqr appt it* § / l I 

 backb one et this o peration. A d v an ce m e n t o p p o rtu n ity 
F r in g e b e n e fits S a la r y 4 b o n u * In t e r ­ view with resum e 
C A L L M IS S T A Y L O R 
____________ 924 5E81 
J U N E L E W IS A A S S O C I A T E S 
Sales Placem ent Service. 818 N E 
Load *H , Suite 284. 838 *847 

 l e a s T T a n o E A R N 
W t need on experienced le asin g agent or we will tram you in our ira sine dept Ap plicants m ust ba fam iliar w.th apl industry inter estop persons m ust subm it a let tor at reference* one resum e and also h ave a cu rre n t re a l estate so is m a n s lice nse E a r n in g s a r * dependent on yo ur a b ility an a n a r d w a rk 
Q u o iifr o d p e r s o n s send letters ond resum es in core of 
Personnel Oepl, 1oo8 W 
Austin, T X 787o1 

Sales P art time person wanted Ie do e stim a tin g L e a d s p ro v id e d 
M u st have car and be neat and dependable Coll 114 1187________ 

SALES REP. FEE PAID 
C o n se rv ative in dividu al with de­ gree P re vio u s sale* confact with b u s in e s s a n d p r a t p e o p le 
R e lo c a t io n p a id 
T a 
SIO Bra bonus 4 cor 4 expenses 
C om Vie Selrot 
L o ck * E m ploym e nt se rvice 
824 9471_________ 
2444 C tege X 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I year tx per ie nee 
Part Time 
2 Night. A Week 
APPLY IN PERSON 

F R O S T B A N K 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 

I O O W . Houston St. 

I quel Opporm nhy Im pieyev 

SALLS REP 

) 

Experienced Safes POI sen need cd Mutt have knowledge of d i m 
.apply end m effit# pquipmpni 
( p i Centro en lot B us."#.. Euuo 
?gK.*a>.«g IQ M tit ET* 
. 
IM I b u U I I * t o ( A i. is I t s la p p 
I • r e I s i AMU M P I 

" N o w t h a t s a n 

 i d e a l 
L e t t h e 

C l a s s i f i e d a d s b e 

 y o u r g a r a g e s a l e 

 m a r k e t p l a c e ' 
Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

PC ACI VUU* W A N I 
Me im ! i t eels* N il 
CA U >)» 1444 

Need 2 o g g r e .siv * soles pee pi* with real estates license 
COH 824 4331. nil** 142 4*49 

Turner Realty 

Need a sale sp e rson with I yr setting experience in notional teed or Jacal teed broker O n* with abriny la set! a retail ar wholesale food line Personal interview for guardrail applicants in I weak send resume Ie Cadeau Jackson. inc 
P G Bes 14J*I Van Antonio 
78214 
______________________ 
N E W Q U A R I E R l 
C re w in g a g a in need m e r * agent* It you went a chance la ear n and learn while yea g< «w with us can span 
M A C H E A L » | T A T f 824 i>2> 
Opportunity in A i* # eery and V i­ tamin fi 
Co.m ein kales, need cummissipn raceme nu nutria*, will be m ini view ing M e n end f r o . O N I V 7ii-884* 
___ _____ 

S3 P E R M PLUS 
Uemm rasran Id .tort catling pp apr custom ers Car necessary 
Mu«f be peal and croon cut 
. PFS PBIt __ __________________ to il Tm! I Alt ti %f tit Vy% * % 
OH A A A N ! AP 
IKR N U M ftll IO L A U 
I i i I PPA 
I I F I I I I IN O N I rn \ 

Im m ediate opening for a m ature, self sta rlin g re sp o n sib le p e rson w ith p r o v e n s a le s r e c o r d Ie 
R e p r e s e n t S a n A n t o n io * R e - 
, .peeled n a m * in Security 
D raw 
* ve' \ Com pany Auto P aid insurance 
_ _ _ j 
Apply In P erso n ie to 4 daily 
S E C U R IT Y W A T C H S E R V IC E S , 
IN C 
187 Dana* st 
S H R IN E D E A L 
E xperienced ar wilt tram Ooity P row l i t //SS 

TELEPHONE 
Top salary bonuses 
Colt tram our Se u h th .id * office, h o u rs 18 lo lp m 
F a s t r a is e s , n a m * im provem ent, land exper ranee helpful Call today tor M r* 
Leggett, pf 223 *31* 

 m e t tquioment Sib s 
A well t s ta a lis h e d c o m p a n y is 
' rookine tor a g g re ssiv e saie .m e n to sell tru c k e q u ip m e n t in Sa n 
A ntonie end s u r r o u n d in g a r e a 
Cod tor appointm ent I t . 1*11 
. Conunsruzl Ssfj Ccrp , 
O m an* gr ow rn upper rudtiy w it* p 
$288 888,o49 com larry tar lh # * * w ile q u a lit y ; c p i. . a la r y , a n a c t m n i t u i x *28 1381 

COLLECTOR 
D o w n to w n office, s a la r y open, in sid e e n d o u tsid e c o lle c t io n . 
124-2329 M r s Reveto* 
Exec Trainee $7oo 
D egree with l l hours af account la g , co p a id t n s u r a n c g , t ic k leave, h o lid a y s, v a c a tlg n , r e tir ­ ement. profit sh a rin g $ day, local b an k e rs i m p iv e ., 87o8 C row n . 
BM, 828-811>. j 

EXECUTIVE OFFICE MCR 
Local retail cham and wholesale d ivision E x p e rie n c e in a cc o u n t­ ing and supe rviso ry P re fer ever 
35 
B a c k g r o u n d in p e r s o n n e l retak e n * and organizational exp 
$*11 . lo n e r 
P e rm a n e n t H a d w a d m in is t r a t iv e r e s p o n s ib ilit y , som e com puter or data pro cass- rog d e sire d 
S a la r y open 
Se n d exper ranee and data to E x p r e ss 
N ew s Box ONB 

EXP. COLLECTOR 
T o t c a m m issia n 4 c e r allow an ce 
Contact M r H enry 221 i l l * gT m r tk fib -------- 
LOAN MANAGER tor 17o na#'airan Inquiries can 
• denP al Reply to B p x re ss N ew s i R f O w l 
I rn rvH'diaie epeiirog fur Vitctii O i ficer in health held Equal Oppar 
•unity E m p lo y e r 
M u st h u e * a m in im u m pl three y e a r s exper rant# in b o o *keeprog ar a degree 
■ 
A c c o u n tin g f t r i^ H 

COMPUTER BALANCE 
CLERK 

Must bt Hood with figures light book keen rig, s i- p ontius helpful five doy week, 3 p m till midnight 
Perm oMnt position tx- 
(silent working conditions 
Company bongfitv 
223-1871 

A C C O U N T IN G T R A IN E E tar 
4 c * i tom Uy owned com pany 
224-8988_______ 

A c c o u n t s R e c e iv a b le C le r k , p re p a re d a ily d e p o sit a n d C R lournwl end price end extend rn vgicet, past kotos raurnoi and A 
R, m ain tain cu sto m e r a c c o u n t, a n d a c c e u n ls r e c e iv a b le file s, p ro c e ss p a y a b le roveices, m u st u t* calculator by touch, lit# top m g COH A rlene al 828 8441 Kel 
Iv M oo re P a ro l C a 4422 San Pe- d ie E qual opportunity •m u leyor 

(SSI BBOMKPfR 
P a y r o ll e x p p r it n c * i m p o r t a n t p u rch asing accounts rpcorvabra 
18 k p y and t y p in g p x g e r ig n c * n e . a t t a r y. S p a n is h s p e a k in g helpful bul net m andetory Eauui opportunity im p lo r e r C a ll M r * 
N o rlan d l f ) S U I 

Fur m art In. ut aru • Group ofter, complete fram ing pi our urn and pH lr* # * pf lieu* once Continue present rad while storting ram own agency en e a t■ time bo.ic 
Training alto .apptie. fur niched 
Fe* a CO" ti ll* I tipi inter vrow COP fu e l 
Spies 
M a n a g e r, 
J e rry 
McLrawgpid through hie E sp ies. 
New. Bp* N * S lit 78197 ai eau bl CM 737) 

Salory negotiable resume to S it 1 1 i i Joseph SI 
Gonzales. Texas 784)9 
P i a iTerT! 

 toe be n e fit* 
_■ . 
Frags* send Attrochv# pure nm# secretory $ to 8 put p ro fa n e d $44 ID S 
A ttractive clerk type*! prefer ui 
I * l l t i B S w p m , a * s m o k e r 
B m g a B f P F w r b i p r , - 
. 
’ J ; 
' 
» previous cepe* ranee with more pleas* LPM to' appl i i i ITH 
Bran I tx until > egeir ad Skins in 
TT ............ m o i e e l.ne adm ro istr a ir a n b e e k 
R T I (M f k ( L D I B keep,n a into« chon. m oral*none*. 
P i i U R R l . r l n pur, nee! systems and porches,] t o ll Charge p re fe rre d tor a e m g 
R e p ly bv resum e I# i s to m etive P ltlr ib u le r in law n pies* »t*ws Box INB. Spa Anton SpNh v 
$7*4 
(pit r a m ,* , 
„ . 
I *o8 1*2 4*o4 
* 

118 BTO I MEA! 
818 OfflCt 8 ClHtHUL 
SKILLS TBADR 
614 SKILLS TRADES 
614-SKILLS TRADES 
H U HADES 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy February I 2 1977 
Page f I -E 

§ 
• § 
§ 
§ 
§ 
• • • • • # 
• • • # 
# 
• IMMEDIATE OPENINGS ! 
• COMMERCIAL LINES CLERK 
< 
(Rating & Writing) 
I 
I 
PERSONAL LINES CLERK 
! 
(Rating & Writing) 
STRUNK INSURANCE CO. 
! 
225-2991 
( 
D 
Experience Necessary 
( 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

 mas FUKS 

I1 2 H M L 
JHI 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
AND V U U ROSA ANNEX 
Have Im m ediate Vacancies In The Follow ing 
------------------------Positions; 
___________ 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 

• HEMODIALYSIS, 3 to 11. ICU Experience and management. 
• REGISTERED X RAY TECHNICIANS - 7 to 3 
(Salary Negotiable) 
• LICENSED PHYSICAL THERAPY ASSISTANT 
• Experienced COBOL PROGRAMMER, IBM 

VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
• LVNs - l l to 7 
• EEG TECHNICIAN - Shfit I 
(xteHenf working condition, and trine* konofitv 
Apply In Person 
PERSONNEL OFFICE w.5 o? ! o Roi° ‘ 5 , 9 W - Houston St.; 2 2 8 -2 3 4 3 
V illa R o m Annex - S I I 5 M edical Dr.; 2 2 8 -2 6 3 4 
An (etal Opportunity (mpioyer 

REGISTERED 
PHARMACIST 
IM M EDIATE O P E N IN G e x c e l l e n t b e n e f it s 
EXCELLENT STARTIN G SA LA R Y 
CONTACT: PERSO NNEL DEPT. 
VALLEY BAPTIST 
MEDICAL CENTER 
H ARLIN G EN, TEXAS 
5 1 . - 4 2 3 - 1 2 2 4 E X T . 2 7 7 
E Q U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y E M P L O Y E R M / F 

61o OFFICE ft CLERICAL 

DunhiH Personnel Service 
I M MW LOOP 41o, 444 G P M So 
34*1744 
T E g t f g r o 6 u « * g & ' 
Needs Career Consultants 
__________ A t* lots 
Experienced Bookkeeper 
S a la ry open. C o r d e ale rsh ip in sm a ll g ro w in g city 1-874 2441; oiler SPM , I 874-5*82_____________ 
E x p e r ie n c e d R e c e p tio n is t lo a n sw e r p h on e a n d g re e t c u s ­ tomers. City Paint A Supply 11o2 S 
Flores 

FILE CLERK 
SADO to start! Lite type! Today! 
Call BHI 712-9781 San Pedro 
Em ploym ent Ser. U U Son Pedro 

F O R S A L E 
Excellent position with top notch 
N orttisldo firm O nly top flight caroor personnel should apply. 
S a la r y c o m m e n s u r a t e w ith qualifications It you have and are w illing to usa power of o b se rva ­ tion and thought and can Type at lea.! 4o W PM . wa hove the oertact challenge S day week, in m ost attractive office, with free pork- mp. Send b rief re su m e to In a 
Blackwell. Luke Soules, Inc. P.O 
Box 4157. San Antonio, Tx 7o2o*. 
Interviews, February 
)7tti and lith 
• uTT I ha»q< Doo rkeeper N orth side location, sand resum e with s a la ry oxpected to w s E x p re ss 
N ew . Box 4*11. 782*7_____________ 
F u ll c h a rg e b o o k k e e p e r, p o rt time or full tim * 142-1124. 

” IMMEDIATE OPENINGS tx pending dmicol reference laboratory has TECHNOLOGIST positions available for: 
• RADIO IMMUNOASSAY 
Perform «*■tensive spectrum of 
RIA tests Igperteece preferred 
• INDOanWOLOGY 
Perform routifse endocrine pro 
(educes 
• SPECIAL CHEMISTRY 
Perform cipondm g elec trophoresis techniques A mutt* pte chom er* aunty s'* 
• AUTOMATION 
To operate SMAC Must hove automated msttumeN e* per ieee e 
(I 2 6 o , 
SMAC or equivalent) 
Excellent ce mg a ny ben efits. 
Salary commensurate with experience 

Call M s Hickey 696-122o 
Monday -friday Bom Spin 

G E N E R A L 
O F F I C E : ty p o 
SOwpm, life bookkeeping, e xp e r­ ie n c e p re fe rre d . C o n ta c t M r 
Henry 221-ISM 
O M i c f r 6ft------- 
C O L L E C T IO N S 
Need experienced General Office alit with som e collections b a c k ­ ground. Apply in person to 
A L A M O M U S IC C E N T E R 
425 N Mom, see Coceuo 
I 
Law firm needs mature, resoon sib le w o m a n fo r p o s it io n of receptionist Job offer includ es lite b o o k k e e p in g , e x p e rie n c e preferred. Contact M r Ruthor- ford at 125-IIM 
Looking for dependable person to do G eneral Office W ork, typing ond answ ering phone 224-2187 
Perm anent positions avoiobie tor excellent typists. I port time ond I full tim * M ust be neat in appear once and w illing Ie learn Som e previous office experience deslr obi*, but net necessary interest­ ing work in plush downtown of­ fice Salary com m ensurate with a b ility . P r iv a t e firm . net a n agency Send resum e to E xp re ss 
New s Bex SIAS. Veu WHI be cen toe ted within 48 hours 
Acception ut w.tVtop.ggl general office Call Dorothy 225-728) 
■ t t E A T l b N l t 't In m e n 's balr stylin g Solon Starttna .a la r y ; 
SISO monthly 828 *885 
A i f T F n g H iTY T s N i-------- 
Swpor boss Control location Doe 
818 44*4 N ew D a y P e r s o n n e l 
Coesite. *o1 N E Loop 41o iilife TAD VlSSRk e A pfeA. 'i 

PHARMACIST 

NEEDED 
San 
Antonio and 
Uvalde. 
Submit name, phone num­ ber, and qualifica­ tions to B.B.S., Inc., 
2o6 
San 
Pedro, 
Suite 2o7, San An­ tonio, 
Tx 
782o5. 
All replies con­ fidential. 

SAN ANTONIO 
STAT! HOSPITAL 
•Mads 
REGISTERED NURSES mitt (utrent state Ttxas Uenskv 
3-11 or 11-7 shift 
Salary $12,416 

Contact Manual Kamas, 
Jr., Pot son ne I Director 
532-8811 
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
AffMMATIVI EMPLOYER 

SAN ANTONIO 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 

R M S 

1 1 - 7 S h ift 

A p p l y 

•o26 Floyd Cud 
I quat Oggortunity Lmgioyti 

 room I 

Dr. 
F*«y*- 

 iUi’T ■■■»« 

 girl office. Hie bookkeeping, typ la g F re d 
R d o re o . 8 5. 5 d a y I week. T84-H11 
W A N T f b Abature person for San 
Antonio branch 8-5 days General attice e xp e rien ce , a c c o u n tin g j b a c k g r o u n d 
E x p e r ie n c e in credit Know ledge ol com puter terms. Send resum * lo P O B O X , 
»o4o HO USTO N , TX 77Q11 
I 
W ont locot C o lle g e S tu d e n t 
Clerk Typist, b ookkeep ing exp helpful No sm oking, good pay 
F IS H E R S, USO N E Loop 41o 
| 

612 MEDICAL__________ 
Dow ntow n J ib d e sire s m edical 
Techn ician. Sp a n ish L a n g u o a * and references required Storting 1 salary USO month Reply to E s ores. News Box 44** e x i CU T I V IT T f T B e Y A A V tor downtown psych iatrist Typing, j sam e b o o k ke e p in g, in s u ra n c e ! te rm s Sp a n ish helpful but net I 
Racaoaa ry u s t i t i 
: 
Lob tkrtinotagisF. m ust be rep la b tech w ith e x p e r ie n c e in m icrob iology G ood sa la ry and e x c e lle n t b e n e fits. 
C o n ta c t 
P e rso n n e l D e a l B e x a r County 
Has# Dis! 4 >o2 M agical D r San 
Antonio 4*4 M IO Bkt 211 Eaual o p p « irT „n .t, r m p t o .e r ______________ 
LY N . loc nursing hom e. Full time 
7 1 relief M , b it, 11 1. *14 J i l l t w r r r s r s s ; ----------- 
Century Placement Service t i l Century OtOg 14*11/1 
L V N s 
Im m cdioie u u .n ln g i far fun lime 7-1. b t l We otter cent- ae im * * woo* com pany po ta ut* insurance, vecahens and a teed e nvironm ent to p ractice p o n g - 
Irtcs noisin g SA* m o n o I M edical u s Loam , l i b M l » 

MEDICAL oHI1AI 
Sat l ull da y '* ads, m any labs 
OR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Mitts Mad b la t » * 8 PTI 8 
M adicai-Dental bm p berv 
M t B i g i i t i n i f f i ffv wiH. e .: i ------------------------------------------------ tensive m edical experien ce tor . d ry etfsc* epa *• ♦ . SSE* ** 4 4 o ’i * 
■•••BR *• do takeoff. 
Hood p r U a lf i Q y ' n'm M s' In Hie 
• u T C b o i la g te r 
L a c k la n d a re a 474 O I S 
«-• J o **1 
Personab le, W in g e d aaneral of 

SHEETMETAL MECHANICS 

.Continued growth of Swearingen Aviation corporation has created a demand for additional employees desiring careers in aircraft manufacturing. 

Swearingen has immediate requirements for experienced Sheetmetal Mechanics. These positions require 2 to 3 years experience performing structural assembly and aircraft sheetmetal in­ stallation. These positions offer storting rotes from $3.49 to $4.19 per hour, automatic 9o day in­ creases, annual general increases, and excellent working conditions. 
OTHER COMPANY BENEFITS INCLUDE: 
• Retirement Program 

I H a lrd r*ss« r needed with follow lin o good w o r k in g c o n d itio n s. 
I 4843124 or 444-2221______________ 

HEAVY DUTY MECHANICS 
Experienced needed im mediate 
I ly. M any com pany fringe benefit* 
A p p ly in p erson only W e h rln g 
G o ** Equip Corp 11144 IM M North 
I at Wtedner Rd. Eaual Opportunity 
Em ployer 
" H e a V v ~E QU IA M E N Y-------- 
M E C H A N IC p re fe rroblv with experience on 
| e n g in e s a n d t r a n s m is s io n s , products are Case. Gradate Elgin ond Brot. Con Doug *21-4353 
Iron W orkerstor Heber 

62o HELP WANTED 
62o HELP WANTED 
62o 
HNP 
NSfilPO 

MISCELLANEOUS 
MISCELLANEOUS 
M H n h f n 

Apply In person 
• la 

R 

SUO Pe Icvo to Rd. 4*47*25 
Journeym an felectrkTqns wonted 
Im m ediately 733-7425 
Journeym an Electrician for com merciat work Apply at Coleman 
E le ctric Co. 887 landa St. New 
Braunfels, t-425-o411_____________ 
L e tte r F r e t s o r S m a ll O ffset 
Operator tor print shop. Excellent pay ond fringe benefits. 224 E 
R h a p s o d y ___________________ 

• Insured Sick Pay 

• 9 Holidays 

• Tuition Assistance 

• Bereavement Pay 

• Company Sponsored Employee Activities 

• Group life Insurance 

• Group Medical Insurance 

• liberal Vacation Benefits 

• Disability Benefits 

• Job Posting 

• Jury Duty Pay. 

L ic e n se d p lu m b e r needed tor work out of town Call 249-3448 
Maintenance M e l honk. M ust be experienced In coin laundry and dry cleaning equipment 82484o5 
M a n ic u rist wanted 
Barber 
FeTroTeu 
Shop 
Corpus 

Swearingen is a growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the general aviation in­ dustry. We are committed to o policy of promotion from within ond offering employees op­ portunities for advancement based on their individual ability and performance. lf you are interested in knowing more about these openings and a possible future with 
Swearingen, telephone Paul Granato, Personnel Administrator, at 824-9421, Ext. 319. You may also apply in person at the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Corporation, international 
Airport, San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bitters Road past Blossom Athletic Center, turn right on NE entrance rood.) 
SWEAR I IM 

A 
V / jA T T O T S / c o r p o r a t 
/o 
^ 
A Subsid iary of Fairchild Industries 

An Equal Opportunity employer 

MASONS WANTED 
A p p ly In p g r t o n at T E X A S 
R E H A B IL IT A T IO N H O S P IT A L , 
OWW* (8 mites south of Luting) 
M EC H A N IC ! qualified to work on 
C ush m an ga s and *l*c trlc vein d e s , la w n m o w e rs a n d v o lt course equipment Excellent pay paid vacations, oroup insurance, profit sharing plans ond factory schools Confact John Bennett at 
824 7447^*111 Broadw ay_________ 
Motor 6 ra d e r O perator, exper tented only, w orking in San An tanto area. Bruce Contracting Co days 458-4S41, nights 4*5 *147 
Needed fo m e n te rs and helpers 
Apply in person H I U N Weidner 
Needed experienced"d rartsman, call W indsor Hom es Inc 484 542o 
' NElblMMfebiAf el V---- 
L IC E N S E D E L E C T R IC IA N to work for m anufacturing con cern Job responsibilities include 
•Design and layout of electrical system s tor custom equip 
•Ordering of electrical components 
•Wiring electrical system s 
• Building and equip maintenance 
Coll 824 OSSI tor appt 
Need m an with m echanical ex parlance, must have hand tools prater settled man Apply 7o Haby 
D r 

Experienced 
DIESEL TRUCK 
MECHANICS 
TRAILER 
MECHANICS 
PARTS 
DEPARTMENT 
PERSONNEL 
CLEANING RACK 
PERSONNEL 
• * 
Tt)itlO<*> 
JtlE’R* aVFfLHJf ,H1* IHJttf VEX lf 
/*'»» 
IHM* 
*'#e 

SIGMoR 
TRUCK SERVICE 

3 4 1 o fa s t H o u sto n St. 

2 2 5 -3 2 o 1 
I UUU' Uppof’umYv ^ Ip OVF' 

| T r a 
I 

TRACTOR TRAILER 
DRIVERS 

I 

 lf you ore super qualified 

 ond are looking for a 

 perm anent position with 

 excellent wages ond 

 benefits, steady work ond 

 good equipment; hove a 

 dean record, reefer ex 

 perience ond a w illingness 

 to work hard, you ore our 

 mon. Applications taken at 

Jewel Trucking 
9o35 Aero Lone 
(behind GuKmarl) 
Monday & Tuesday 
Noon to 5 p.m. 

BRICK CONTRACTORS 

Large New Subdivision 
North Houston, Texas Area 

• 
• 
• 

*7' 
- 
* ’■% 
*• 
‘ 
‘ 
•- 
' 
. v 
’. *4. 

C A L L R IC K O R T O M 

( 7 1 3 ) 6 9 7 - 2 7 5 1 

After 6 P.M . & W eekends Call: 

RICK (713) 273 -4 93 1 

TOM (713) 7 8 1 -1 4 6 7 

PLANT MAINTENANCE 
Established, flexible pnckaqlnq firm , p rin te r, la m in a to r, b ag augurer needs an exp. production m achinery mechanic. Electronic equip ond lathe exp desirable 
L e ca l re fe re n c e s, p e rm a n e n t, com pony benefits, sa la ry open 
Ceti Aam Sprn: 222 *488 
___ d u a liz e d J o u rn e y m a n f le e ft felons needed, top wades tor the ridht people Call J44J483 
I aoi’6TW4TaV l IeA and aTr 
C O N D IT IO N IN G instoller, ekper tem od. needed at one of th* tax tost grow ing b u sin e sse s In Son 
Antonie, excellent pay and ben efttx, j,all 714 S I 17 
S C R E A M PTfTM V E R S w a n te d with in su ra n c e benefits, no ex penance necessar y 14* IS H 
C h ip p in g d e c e iv in g in v e n to ry 
C la rk , e x p e rie n c e d p e rs o n to handle extensive duties In ship 
| ping, r t c e lv ln g and In v e n to ry control M in im u m 4 m onths ex j perience National firm with ex cedent com pany benefits Equal i opportunity em ployer M F Reply 
*o Express News Box 4So1 
_ 
{m all concrete products man "tor 
I prorast yard E x p and dependa 
I M e only. M ow repair helpful Call 
J M B 4*1 1oS7. 
Sm all conli ai tor needs painter* 

Buried under a stack of bills? > 

 and helpers 458 o3*4 
H * a LL 3 * * s i : T A h in r IH A 
P R E S S O P E R A T O R , experience required Excellent pay with th* best triage and opportunity for 
I advancem ent 224 E. R h o pxody 
! T ex m o rt Self S e rv ic e Station 
M a n a g e r, L a c k la n d a re a, day j shin, 4 day week, perm anent lob. 
I start $774 m o Retired M ilita ry 
> welcome AH applications lo A J 
I Ploch OH Co,, Inc S747 Dietrich 
Rd. 4 Jam dolly tar Interview No phone colls pleas* 

HELP PAY THESE BILLS. 
EARN EXTRA CASH. 
MOO - *25o PER MONTH 

FOR DELIVERING N E W S ROUTES 

M O N.-FRI. IN THE AFTERN O O N 

SAT. A SUN. IN THE M O R N IN G 

SO M E S M A II BICYCLE ROUTES ALSO AVAILABLE 

I WEST SIDE AREA 

FOR FUR THI R IN F O R M A T IO N CA LL 

2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 EXT. 123 

M O N .-FRI. 8:3o to 4:3o 

An I qual O pp ortunity Fm ployer 

MILITARY OFFICERS 
MALE OR FEMALE lf you have 4 years or lets 
'•morning in terne* and still un decided at to what career you or* going to pursue1 Earn {ISO to 
SMC weekly on a parttime botte 
Thtt Is o talory and commtetMn petition tor thole who or* in­ tel sited In obtaining then lexat leal Eliot# beent# Earn while you learn Coil Im appt 
349-3924 fxt. 7 

Applications now being accepted tor nlaht Doorm an. J nlgnts per week at North Star Cinem a An 
E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 
Servicem en welcome 
____ 
Apt com m unity security guard, mature, retired with m ilitary or low enforcement experience. t i t 4 J O I_____ 
A P T leasing agent needed Ex perience preferred 
A P A R T M E N T JO B S O F S A 
818 *1*4 
Em ploym ent Consultants 
Apt M ono aer, m ilitary or refired, experience preferred 14t *15* 

ASSISTANT Apl Manaoer 
Couple over 4o ta be a ssista n ts whit* training tor apt m anagers 
Salary plus apartment. Apply at office 1212 N M L O O P 41o, after 
IO OO AM, to 7PM 
A H ro ciiv* escorts needed 
144 t ill, 344 i m 

NEED 
ADDITIONAL INCOME? 

V A N U N C S 
Hot opertiitat fer o few quahti cd long autem* household good holden 
RfQUfUflUNTS 
I. Hey* rammer dei (kelts*. 
J, Be atte ta quality with 

S. Be eve* l l yean eM. 
4. Hey* et tees) 2 peers ever the reed experted.* 

I ^ Imam* " 

Call Ray Crouse 
SHERWOOD VAN UNIS 

TRUCK MECHANICS 
Experienced All Phases 
Heavy Duty Truck Work 
Large Busy Modern Shop 

W e offer the follow ing Benefits 
• Paid Vacation 
• Hospital and Dental Insurance 
• Life Insurance 
• Health and Accident Insurance 
• Pension Plan 
A pply In person to Jim Cross 
SAN ANTONIO TRUCK SALES 
AND SERVICE 
8 8 1 o IH IO East 
6 6 1 - 4 5 1 1 

TOOL A N D DIE 
M A K ER S 

Electronic com ponents m anufacturing plant is looking for Journeym an fool and die m akers to work on progressive dies: 
G o o d w ages and w ork­ ing conditions 
Call 
P E R S O N N E L 
D EP A R T ­ 
M E N T . 
CTS 
OF BROW NSVILLE 
5 1 2 -5 4 6 -5 1 8 4 

R N applications new Peing token to fill an im m ediate opening tor 
D irector of N u rsin g tor an IC F diaeoeei skilled n u rsin g bom * 
O ar parent ce m p o e y is th* in duslry leader Subm it resum e to contact Adm inistrator, Mem orial 
Medical I U Lewis 221-5521 
Ans CVH* ITT * I Ii 
E X P E R IE N C E D A ID E 5 
Nee sm okers p le a s* apply 18-12 
Hillside Monee 8286*8* fe n A n to n io H e a lth S e r v ic e s 
Placem ents. Inc., 84 N E. Loop 
41o, Suit* H IE , 14*4111 i U T F F b t MITA Ll T o leo sow I surrounded es tai open 
CON anytime 
Centery Placem ent Service 

- M M m M & t a S S ^ N a U a L e iw L w v 

^ B e o v t y O p e r o f o r s 
W I NEED 2 
M ore Beauticians!! 

Vt have a staff of 2o busy ope' eten. kit they cennot hendt* our glowing bunnell (sew help ut eel and m a l good money doted Mon days No late eorhH! Votary 4- Com mullen 
RAD IAN T LADY le a u ty Balon 
8o8 Oblate Or. 
124-45IS 
L 5 JI J tiaodw ur 
I M 7SJ4 

614 M U I ♦ IKARI 
X n n e c K iSI^ Ie o S o e H ff'T u T ^ ie rT 
'•nance Oeaartm eei al Her villa 
Ptyiea Se rvice Fe r m ere inter matin, call I IST SOU ar I 8*61488 
" 
A IR Y & N b lt lO N lU f t 
Experien ced beatus*, air cand! 
Honing and re trig e re tto e teen melon Salary lucrative 456 *8*5 
A F ie f Sane service staffed atte*" dont n e e d e d 
E v e n in g s 4182 i* i m d W V I art W heeler Texaco 

BENCH 
TECHNICIAN 

Hove opening for 
Ex­ perienced TV bench tech* moon 
Good soiory for quohfiod person ExceNent company benefits 
736-46o3 

" I 
I 
I 
II 
I 
I 

COMBINATION 

MECHANIC/ASSEMBLYMAN i 

MACHINIST 
Rote up to $4.75 

Experienced on lathe milling machine, drill press ond gnn- der; hove mikes ond tools. Short tost required. Foss physKoi. S day week 
Apply in person 
Personnel Office 9o.nt.-3p.ni. 
INGRAM MFG. CO. 
54o Culebra 
M en or W om en 

INSIDE 
CUSTODIAN 

M u st hove af least 
5 years experience sham ­ p ooing cor pet ond care for inside office. 

 a p ttty In pare on o n ly to Harry Howard 
Th* Do# Howard Co. 

M IO Iebn JaaaMnn Rd. int l Au par' 

•quel appert unity employer 

TRUCKDRIVER 
. Local doHvory of welding supplies and equipment 484-o212 u m s i m r m with m achine 
; needed 4SS-8oo1. 
SBa WT f ~5 b i L s e i t h u c k 
D R IV E R S . Apply m person South 
Texas Tira Test Fleet. Devine, 

C A N T IE B t .p e rta in e d YVu rC 
Mechanic. Apply in Person, 248 
New Laredo Hwy. y . * N ’ r t ' 
Aesldentlal air cand) 
H o n in g s e r v ic e m e c h n a n lc 
Steady S3 weak yeor found wark 
Oood trin e * benefits. E xce lle n t 
I, o p p o rtu n ity w ith goad fu tu re h Servicing I m olar brand of equip m ent tor e stabllsned com p any 
M ust be qualified to service con frat air conditioning units 
MI-7141. 
W a re h o u s e m e n o n d 
T r u c k 
D rivers needed Apply in person at Control Distributing. 2*1 Sher m an St. Experien ce prefer roble but not nee assary 

 w h E r e — r r i G k i i h o — t n d 
B R A K E 
W O R K . 
E X P E R 
IE N C E D . B e a r W heel A lig n in g 
1422 N Colorado w iL L & N -i f c f g h N A t i a f f r r 

Need reliable distributor with own transportation to deliver daily newspapers 
In S.E. Bexar County (U.S. Hwy. 87 
East) 
$4oo-$S oo NET PROFIT 
BOND REQUIRED 
4-5 Hours Per Day 
Call Neil Skillings 
225-7411 , Ext. 13o betw een 
9:oo A.M. - 11:oo A.M . 
An (qual Opportunity Employer 

Beeline 
22623o3 

CHAUFFEURS 
WANTED! i 
Reliable Oood Oepoitunltles 
Pleasant W orking Conditions 
Y E L L O W C A B 
UCO H O E P O E N o u p ie s To le a rn a n d e a rn in dependent business m anagem ent 
Second Income 51o,ooo lo t2o,ooo yearly 1 A M to 12NOON Personal interviews Ask tor J O 4*4 54*o b k l I V E S Y « 
S F n r W X S T F b 
F O R Lave rn e ^ Flow ers Apply in person 4oo2 West Avenue 

EXOTIC DANCERS 
E xce lle n t P a y C all noon lp m , ti* SUO New Place Outside City e s p n n T w Ei> w n m n r i r r 
M A N A O E R n e e d e d tor ta rg e apartm ent com plex, F o u r ye a rs e x p e rie n ce n e c e ss a ry , s a la ry plus apartm ent 4*o ooo1 

E X P E R I E N C E D 
J A N IT O R 
(non sm oker) apply IO 12 Hillside 
M a nor H?8 o4o4 
E «perI* need dependable b A iR V 
H A N O good lob for the rightl m a n 
A p p ly I H H a r r e ll near 
Sutherland Springs I *47 1444 

FASHION TWQ TWENTY 
C o sm e tics port tim * a vaila b le 
Mature wom an only. Call 14* IVV! 

FINANCE COMPANY t told m ore s*atollves Credit and appraisals Car necessary Good; sulary 4 car altowant * Retired; military accepted Call M r Willis 
125 7211 n r r r t i m f 7 a * ti I c t . "*»«%■«! have own transportation, ba neat wall groom ed and mature Some experience n ecessary 
Apply in 
?tor son, Rtchm an Bros, U 4 Can 1 cal Park Mall, equal opportunity employer 
G os and f a t T ru ik ^lop Cashier. relief shift (d ay and e v e n in g ! 
Perm anent lob, 5 day week, ma lure Local references Start %4U a month All applic ations to A J 
Ploch OH Co., Inc $747 Dietrich 
Rd No phone calls please 

84 N E LO O P 418 S U IT E IM E 
512 149 1411 
(ti - HH MIM IHViCfl 

CARRIERS NEEDED 
Do You: 
Need to earn up to $15o o month for 2 hrs. work each morning? 
Must have reliable transportation. 
M orning Routes Open: 
Call M a n a ge rs for are as 
Thunderbird Hills 
681-1 794 
Randolph 
6 5 8 -1 3 2 2 
Lackland 
6 7 4 -7 o 7 5 
San Pedro (N. Loop 41 ) 
6 5 6 -o o 9 9 
W indcrest 
6 5 8 -7 2 5 5 
Pork V illage - Kirby 
6 5 5 -6 8 5 8 or call SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, 1o:oo 
A M -5 :o o PM, 2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , EXT. 13o, ask for DOBBS. 
A n t quill O pportunity tm ploynr 

Steady Em plo start 5118M I eat, l l Sn hour 

HOUSEPARENTS 
Excellent benefits4 sala ry L i v e 1 rn pennons tor couples Rew ard mg wark Par inlet view appt coli; 
M rs E lkins 453 8282 
H lST T sT W T V T J 
W o rT n rT T a u T ow n neighborhood, full or p o rt' time 458 2424 

JACK-IN-THI-BOX 

 hoi pet torn aewtiom geadabte fer mahtv i i JO m hew to 
•tort, hwfrtehxehen free. geld venetian, merit pay increase! 
Apply In Person 
9-11 AM 
331$ Urn Pedro 
No PIMM Cafe, Please 

I quat Opportunity fmpteyer 

o BARTENDRISS J 
o 
Good hours 

^ 
G o o d b e n e f it s w 

GARMENT COMPANY 

VAJTToM M M A T M J 
8 8 I6 L ZAKZAMoRA io u ax o p p o e n m m r i m h o t i i 

Good hours 
Good benefits 
LaQuinta 
Motor In n 

IM I O e t V a n e a 
J a c k s o n 
O 
7 3 4 - 7 9 3 1 i 
6 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 

C A R P E T A N O V I N Y L IN - 
ST A L L E E M ust nave 4 years e x p e rie n c e 
T ee h o u rly w a g e s E s t e ll e ! c o m p a n y b e n e fits 
C o n te c t 
P e te 
224 2321 Crow n Fleer C ove r­ ing f l u North Olive 

 ti fp f n d i t m r 5 1 mm i r . 

Must bt expeneiued old hove own hand toots. Poy tola up to S4.7S. $ day weak fess physical Short tost requited 

 apply In parson 

Per normal Office 9 am -3 p m 

M an and W o m a n 
INGRAM MFG. CO. 
54o Cul«bra Rd. 
I 

I 
J 

M 
M 
M 
H m jrn i J I .a M l 
DONUT HUTS 
Of a m e r ic a ! 

((Hinter Solnfodtei 

Mo Lxpenam a Mac assary 

Tronsportatiofl leq u u e d 
CoN 
533-5981 
For Appomtmofit 

NEW ARMY RESERVE UNIT 
34oTH SUPPLY A SERVICE CO. 

 liorn o skill and get paid while you learn 
Part of what you earn is pride 

The Army Reserve is hoking for men and women 

 to fill vacancies. To find out how you con tom, coll 922 632o or 922-6329, USARC, 

432 Boswoli St. Near Soars South Sida. 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
E A R N IN G S U P TO 553o 
D u * ta expansion w * have m any p o sitio n s a v a ila b le N e exper lam • nacassory. M ust be l l yr or e v e r w ith I yr m in im u m re 
Sld*nce in Son Antonio g iro 
C A L L F O R IN T E R V IE W 
342 6726 
- w i M i s m o i r H 6 t f k s ~ 
Quality now, earn and tear n 
G O A R M Y t i l 8812 or SSI 88V7 n i f t i m i l f b k h / V f io u r s do* 
Iv. 5 goy weak. 5/5 Stanley Home 
Products Inc , 111 14oo 
I a u n d r y u tle n d a n i. p a rt im *, must b * abt* to wark weekends 
834 8*o5 

L o ra l H om e l u iid s r needs ya rd and m aintenance m an tar modal home park 44 hour week e u a rn te e d C o m p a n y benefits Near U niversal City 
458 7*41 

 tor apartm ent complex, I yrs esp 
A P A R t M E N T JO E S 
O F SA N A N T O N IO 
838*1*4 
Em ploym ent Consultants 
S r a r N f E W T R ? . ! U l t * (ar opt 
(a m o le s. M u st know plum bing, air conditioning painting, pool maintenance end etoctrlcal work 
146*177 f a i t T iA t r n L w i y i n i a on hr san i 12pm. ta JO hrs a week 
No esp necessary M in a g * 15 
A p p ly in person. * I, M e n P m ; 
Slap 
N 
Go 
M arkets. 
284 t 
Rhapsody 
F I I V T m k W 6 A i r ~l i o r f i n * ' in 
M arch tor housew ives with iran spertatian. that like people and 
Olanta Coil 54* 1833 or M * 583* __ f e lla b le p e r se n or ce u p le ie 

EXPERIENCED 
AutumoMk Hspossessof 
Md Colector 

•}?<’.” 
» • * « . * * ', .V ,V .rY .ltV n i V i m l l V l ' l ' l . ' . ' l l ' V l ' l I ' rtq u ire d Ow n t n i i i n f t r r M f l l 
M 
AWrTcir 

616 F t t l J M i SERVICES 
61k HMM DRINK BtBVICtS 

A S S IS T A N T C H S P w ill tra in under certified (bel tar restaur ant end (toe wark Advise salary, 

N eed p e rt lim e e m p lo y e e s te werk Ite m lpm Apply rn p arse* between tam end neon only 4583 
(attaghan Rd 
Na phone cons 

B e ys. tare* established electrical cen tractor 8 o ik ground rn electrical supply a e s " eg O pp ortunity ta arew with expanding Arm Eaual eyeertupity employer Sand wark history Ie E x p re ss New t la x It * * 

M e ch an ically inclined, neat peat once e n ie v w o rkin g 
It •edam, tar 5)88 par nook 
227 B IIB 

 wtfk 
CeE 

BAKERS W A N T E D ^ thy benefit! el toner* Urine 

 lic e a s s i s t a n t n e e d e d ta r d o w n town Doctor s attic* Pleas* send r e s u m e ie P O b o x 17*1), San 
Antonio 71117 
PH V SV rfT T W F e J f i s t im m edial* need tor tut' tim# C P I 
ExceN ent so la ry and attract!*# b* neb is rn en envtrenmant you ll •• a smell town Ouetrtiad bader* 
• m e y 
C e e te c t P e r s o n n e l or *oo4o* tor rapidly expenem e bu f d u c e ! '* * e l L u b b o c k S t e t* stness Goad reterencdt needed 
A p p ly W alnut S p rin g s B a k e ry , 
; S e g u in b a t e r* neon et a lte r 
14 M em 17* r n * 
________ 
I a I ^ I I liu iT S r pori f Im#,' Ala rn e 
Wets 826*225 
C«A«ne) iAefcer / i s s e n i i S y l B i a r T meal shag • a p e r tone* M U . must read d ra w in g s good benefits 
• u tfg le i a b t«« ! Sh o e tot sal* H eu etga 

QRAFTSMAN 
WHiP I IP BBW MW 

3 veers experience werfctnp 
With Civil Engineer ie drew street m g sub d iv in e * plats, 

School. P O Bes 5184, L 
TX 7*417 ar COM (884 ) 743 7841 
A N E Q U A L o # P O N T U IT T 
A P F (M M I TIV E A C T IO N 
E M IM. B V i i 
RESEARCH ASSOCIATE 

1 1 o 8 4 M o n t h 
M ust have m osier» desreg rn Bid I statistic or m ath with I v e e rs 
• •pet ieee* rn experim ental de sign and dele a n a ly sis 
Prefer xnawtodge af 
Per tv ga 

" u t X S a l t V S C I E N C E C E N V B E i 
I tot p i* va Curt i i 
NT NUMNT j|y flu ti i * t cynaif o v 8 r 

K ns. sewer plans, alc Seme | 
• hand dr ow mu ex per tone* and know haw to rood contour knes Apply Personnel Othce 

R A V E L L IS O N IN D U S T R IE S 
4888 P E B O K R IC K H U R O B O 

CARPENTERS WANTER 
Experienced in cern m a r o at cee 
| tl| C lH 8 . M i l t ie B d rsg n el 
M erpecp end le a d * * i bootee 

Ig fp r * P i ewer Ii. x _____ 
4/ | IB I* 

DUCT MEN r> - i> tTiZ9** 

E le e r le n c e d fe e * 

 x perience* only 

„ 
. m il i n i 
P ile far. RH ie e n * 
M u st nave truck, end be depxndpati or den I cjp Hertheeit Bud dxrs id* 4t*i 

IIH NUM888 IO ( A ll 
IS U S 1884 i x re• ss ANO k i w i 

FINISH CARPENTER 
Must have proof of 5 years experience and own hand tools, apply in p#r»un only to 

H a rr y H o w a r d 

The Dee Howard Company 

961o John Saunders Rd. 
Inttrnatksnal Airport 
#4|ii«i apfertewtty employer 

 re e u irtd Ow n teat* p referred 
Sa la ry co m m e n su rate with ex per tone* end production *264485 
Kiperiencdd Sdrtw8flEtf8R XT lendent. Mobil Station. 18118 Ben 
Padre, Mt-tm. 
V x p e r i* e c * d sm e ll engine me- 
(home to wark en cham sew * ane town mow ers 
Acm e Rent R H . 
H U W E 
E xp e rie n ce d lo e fe rs. cem geel- 
Han. end woad >bing le. <ab otter 
! a m m o m 

NR AL HOH k u iU i t roe test es sen 11 
Pl ACI roue W AHI Ap in ltd 11 Pe i ss xxi w s 

•ti 
A b ire IMI r e s t s tm 6 W 6 N I 
ISH N u U IH IO c e n 
It I l k I OOO is p a t s s Atop let W I 

EXPMJC VETOERS 
Ceil tor e e e f K ue*t Cere l i t e * ut IS Mom, ASS 1228 
I 
E T p 'T I A m IT ’R E i i to matt r , u"» tom mode ehtrto 8161528 
I 

EXR. SHELT VINYL 
AIB THI INSTALLERS 
M u st have e w e toots and p a 
It on .aer tolron 
C l MTR A l P LO O R C O V E R IN G 
*818 Bah SI 
_______ 
*5)4451 
_____ 

Eli Sip tatar 
O I Srte n te e n p rtn to i p e r m * n * 5 n ie*, • xce iie n l co m p a n y trin e * be newts (a m tar aget I M eta* 
Bjyet Oeeertpnwy t a p . , . . 
_ 

CAMBIER a I e t n a n l e d g e V f e e e n d e a i e m e n n e e d e d to w e rb to r (a n d * c a g e 
C s e i e i f l e l « i * * i e i 
•duped Mf IA N M SJ)**f 

 w anted N ig h t w ark 
A p p ly in person at the Village inn Num ber 

BARTENDER NEEDED 
Ne e x p e r ie n c e 
We c a lk e r y 
R A P E S P L A C E CON neon Sam 
; 724 SM B 
1 1 1 T F NT51 ■ ’ F e rn n S # ~ y 7ee' 
• agt enty The Tee Pee. 116*171 or 122 8171 fcUV *4T l > m t f TI 6 T 'uIl l tmT li t North Vier M ad Le Puente 

CHEF 
Experienced rn .o u rme! teed, ne try leak* or teaks helpers pleas. 
Safery ewe* M f M U eta tor M r 
Ew es tor interview 
C U BI*. Ittcken mdeeRdr. tor ex ctasiy* retirem ent center, eaed send retu rn * •• Rex Ne *144 
I xpress New t 782ft aftRt CTffl I T * istiit fin 
Authn Mery W I BEW ftoorm d* Mu! free ber f lu i 
7t3i taw Pedro 
A pply t i Aden H i ix e e r ie n S T 
— 
---------- 
Eertond ret* W aitress Pun time n igh ts O e a rn n toed m ite s P m * 
.•cohens pleat ani sui I xundinps f duel w e t rf undy t m elt y ar COM 
V ichy Tiftony *7*5111 
' ~ 'T 8 6 i v t — f w r pretor rad B M E ee> inn pniy See hup< eel 

• x p t r ieee• a ry Agwty rn 
% 154* Nm Mi 

NIGHTIMF COOKS 
E tp e rie n ce d dinner te e k t Tap 
- a g e s geed beers end war king i undrtipn* Per m an en I taps Can tort M o u rK * P erred 
NVY FUGE RESTAURANT 
>44-6214 

Wow h ir in g b a r t e n d e r s feed servers, kitchen aer tan net. hut aer te n t and cethier tor lunch shift. A d p llcalie n s accepted I 5 p rn dotty 
S IE S M c C u lte u g h 
Buck ye rd h e t t a u r p n t _____________ 
Opening In gdurm et depprlm ent tor evpnusg shrti e t M r pgdflgP' ' hah t in Nerth Star Melt M otors spies person with sam * • wrepeen b achel *w ne pretor rad Ceti tor aeeef tment 2468541 
Our newly re w i dened Proud lu ll hee to ut ext now nu tag 
B X P E R IE NC BO O N L Y 
C O O K S 
W A IT R E S S E S 
BU S B O T S 
D IS H W A S H E R S in te rv ie w to m * M em M en P f! 
T R A V E L I O D O R 
IEE V IL L IT A 
Aiea need me lei M A ID S i. s fe u m n l m anager needed ie plications accagtod with tx g a r toner (md rotor enc at Con tor eg ppxntment 8 5 *26 111* Rgchygtg hestourgnl 
» iT m n « B B iF T im rr 
Apply w ear tan duty E I He IM 
*441 HW t xp retsney 

Pl Act lO lM W AN I Ab 
Ms i «h t e e **bt k i w i 
CECI I I I 1866 

WHATA8URGER 

N e.ex p erm anent tutl tim * mon and woman tar now Auk tm Hwy restaurant Apply in 

* * r**S A T U B O A Y O N L Y between item 4pm at 4181 S 
Pier os lea phone cotes plea sr 

 rn a -o o . apl complex 71)o117 i lW r o L Y u i g n T B i T k l p -D 
E D Goad top tor retired person not, housewives, students or shin w orkers Excellent part tim e in com * urid fringe benefits We will trgm guaiiiint ap p lican ts M u st be betw een a g e s l l AO 
A p p ly 
T r a m p e r latte n O ffic e , 18111 
Broadw ay, M en Pf! 9-4, or call 
455421o ext I U 
Shah Ie* Natural Vitam ins, spare time sates business 484 *548 
*~n Mi;. ,11 .HO nee h e ll l l hAur w eek, m u st he a b le te c lim b hetghtt 1714 N Hanorn E x p t. s s way Contact h a u l* to m 4 p m 
---------- iTTJBffir r "^ ------ 
Sell P lo w e rs O utdeers, 4 atter noons par weak 
MIN.Comm istion 
Plus b onu ses paid de lly R O Y S 
P L O W E R S , 454 SUA 
V A W FW i re su m e s for I e x p . i 
>en<ed m o n d e *' and assistant un the Southside Atte. e n * to r th e 
Nerth wast side Vend to P O dos 
7*41* Sen Antonie, 7812* 

 music tens needed CeH 4S1887j 
R A U T I O 
L . u n-J TTTt- 
' J o . * 
Weak M onday or Saturday M u si tarnish awn transportation COH 
SIA SA*) 
Hmm S3 SS Par Hoar 
W t trot* Pert terne and lull tim . 
A tte w om e n 25 IS w ith m e n 
D e b .ary Light lem porery. must 
" S I have econamtcgl cor *24*271 
I J H " * y 
Jem es 

S I I FAIT TMF 

STI 
NMM 

A C T IV E D U T Y 
M IL IT A R Y 

V I thru ■ * and em eers meta or tomato General De<• tee ment Corp has ae •nines tor 
Public relations panel* K ern 
17 ga beer w hile e n te yin e din in g with your frie n d s in 
Sa n Aniente s tead m e ' es tauianil This is • salary pe litten tor peep!* whe ore in forested ie becom ing Texes 
(••ens.* R eal • stele S e ta l m en one P u b lic d e le tio n * 
E arn Winn you learn 

541 i t l l Bx! 7 

AIR TREATMENT 
Me ixb e rte n c* Necessary f hyd ra 

B f - t a i SUL________ 

 tote children m NnrthnO e home 
Call 
*N *r 
*, 
713 4417 tor oppoiwtment 
____________ 
( Id e r Iv fedr neeJs te fllrd m .T ate peed lady ta live in Northside. retarences required 714 H t s 
( x per Va n e # / rn a rd e n * d e . a week towed car end relerences 
SS66EE8 

GOVERNESS HOUSEKEEPER 
L iv e in I ' t d a y * w eek 
N i t * err ye t* teem hath 
E x c e lle n t salary and be neb ti P em ily with I children References 143 I I J I el 
244 4174 ar write p O Rex li t s * 
Sail Antonio 7QtI* 

 fir ’ s J U l f I F W 
’lb si^ T n T T in 
S o o n is h s e e e k in g g r e le r t o d 
G eed S a la ry l i y e r r t x c t with i nndieti. ceabmg nacessery (ate d a b . rte B e f n it e n * celite I en toe ■ spec tone • necessnr y d 
, . . 
* * * * * * * needed to wark to the ■Mn 
» t f t ’ m r i t r i m yd(to Riser Held Cem pan, WHI am Same pert bm * a.auabt. 
M I >228 

62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

J E H O V A H 'S W IT N E S S w ants 
Spanish or English speaking lady to live in, plus salary and care for handicapped young woman. Will accept lady and child. Write M a­ rilyn Cochran, PO Box 38o2, Au* tin Tx 78764 
Lady to live-in, care for elderly, light housekeeping 
SSO week 
655-9412 
LIVE IN, core of children. Prefer person with cor. 
After 
5 pm 
633 21o8 
Live in housekeeper 51 j days per week. 
3 children. 
References. 
828-6197 
Live-in , m aior role Nanny for children, own room, speak Eng­ lish 684 3799 

C o n t in u e d 

 f r o m P a g e 

1 2 -1 ) 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFUBN 

Northside elderly couple requir­ ing full time live-in assistant. 55oo per month + room, board. Must have tronsp. Send resume and references to Express News 7686 
Refined, m ature couple wants lady tor general housekeeping 
Must be a good cook, salary ac­ c o rd in g to a b ility 
E x c e lle n t working conditions. References required 
Call 876-1o77, 9am to 
5pm weekdays 
SINGLE Bilingual Maid Will fur nish transportation W rite Ex press Box 7624 
Will sit with sick and elderly, no transportation, 533-8585. 

624 SITUATIONS WANTED 

Child care, experienced, refer ences, licensed foster parents, northeast Son Antonio 826 25o2 
Child core northside. weekdays, infants to 3 years. 494 39o4 
D A Y S W ORK or Steady jo b 
Monday thru frid a y Good cook 
226 4o21________________________ 
E L D E R LY Care or babysitting 
Light housekeeping 
Own Irons. 
337-8915 
E X P E R IE N C E D Lady wants day work 227 6o54, 227 3844 
EX PER IE N C ED Young Lady de sires permanent work as recep­ tion ist 
P re fe rs Or s o ffice 
Northside Con type 732 1688 
Experienced Route Serviceman with Van truck wishes port time 
Route work 655 3o19 
JOB W A N T E D 
On F a rm or 
Ronch Grew up on a farm, single, ogc 47, speak German and Eng list) Write Express Box 7612. 
Lady wonts days work 
828 2427 or 828 5169 
Cal! 

N O H I U K A S I 

C O N V E N I E N C E 

I filii*»♦*> P a id 

□ (.a n im N-tlingh 
□ I’risale Patina 
□ INnilh ami I’artv Kunia 
□ Kfficiewien. I anil 2 
Krilroniin- 
□ Dishwasher. Drape*, anti 
I V Antennas 
□ Walk I.. Northeast 
Schools 
□ « lose In purl Sam 
□ .I Minutes In W iinlsnr 
Park Mall 
□ fu rn itu re 
Vs ilia iii. 

SAX* vin AOI 

Live-in. lite work for elderly lody 
Mon-Fri. 538 week Mrs A Marek 
222 Thornton St Gomales 78629 
MAID WORK, lite cooking Wed thru Thjrs 9 I 3o Call 223 563o 
M ALE Presently Employed as 
Wholesale Credit ond Collection 
Office Manager desires same si­ tuation with other firm 534-8873 

4 8 3 o H a y H u h D r iv e 

( > 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

^ S e l e c t o r 
W e ’ll find yours, free. 

OMN 7 OATS A W W 
OEH CCS THROUGHOUT TIX At 
3121 N J . LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

DIRECT CORRfSPONOmCf TO 
4121 N CWTR A l EXPWY. 
DALLAS, TIX 752o4 

IM W MTKNTSWUIIN 

ON A H ILL OVERLOOKING SAN 
ANTONIO. Large 2 bedroom, 2 both, covered plont terrace 
THE HERITAGE 
1543 Babcock at NW Loop 4to 
341-2228____________ 
Quiet lovely, large ? bedroom, oil electric kitchen, wood burning fireplace Just off 41o and Bab cock, near Med. Center. Oak Hills 
Arms, 342-331o; 349-o219. 
_____ 

REGENCY HOUSE 
I AND 2 Bedroom apts, pres­ tigiously located on Harry Wuri- bach across from FT SAM Golf 
Course. From 5225., bills od 
824 2851, 824 2385, 828 3331_______ 
3 room upstairs apt, near bus line for quiet couple or single person 
532-7o83 

 lill/id ? 

N ear 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 
Limited number of et fluencies and 
I bedroom apts Now available. 

5 8 o o 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
6 7 4 -7 o o 4 

SECURITY 
PLUS 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies - I and 2 bedrooms 
Furnished and Unfurnished 
THE VILLA FONTANA 
123 BRACKENRIDGE AVE 
(OFF 27oo BROADWAY) 

828-1191 

4o8 RoMES, DUPLEXES, 

UNFURNISHED 
4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
Covered walk way from cor lo apl , laundry and mailbox area so you won't get drenched, larger rooms so you won't bark your shins 342-9113 826-1594 ond see. 
THE KINGSTON APTS 
22o2 Vance Jackson For TLO 
THE BELKNAP AbMS APTS 
3o7 W MISTLETOE 
735 9264 
735 4891 
BY APPO IN TM ENT ONLY 
I B edroom , 5225 
2-B edroom townhouse, 122o sa ft . fireplace, 
I ' j bath, 5315. 2 Bedroom town­ house, 128o 128o so ft., I 1 J bath, 
5325 

CHOICE RENTALS 

UNFURNISHED HOMES 

4*42 CASTU ARMS - 3 bed rooms, I both, fenced yard, two patios Convenient to Randolph 4 Ft. 
Sam SI85 
APARTMENTS 

Several 
I bedroom, 
I bath, apartment ovoilabte in Kirby, Texas. 
Furnished A Unfurnished SI 7o to 
SI85. Control Heat A Air. 
22* NAT AUN - I bedroom. I bath, furnished, I cor garage, water 
A (own core paid Convenient to Ft. 
Sam. SHO. No pets 

Ifo s o u r A c k fiiT U ^ lf AtTOtS - SO VIARS Of TRUST 

NE. 3-2-2, kitchen appliances, I blk elem entary, near Ft Sam 
Randolph, 
5265. mo after 
5. 
653-8878._______________________ 
New NW home, 3-2, neor Bexar 
Co. Hosp., wall to wall carpet, ail appliances, fireplace 
533o mo. 
736-o771 

NEW 4PLEXES 
1123o BEL AIR, oft Lockhill Sel­ ma, I ond 2 bedrooms, 512o to 
5155 349-7186, 733-7194, 432-7741. 
641o N FLORES 
2 bedroom duplex, air-heat, car­ port, 514o 
Water pd 
No pets. 
494-5678 
Nice 2 bedroom house, near 
LAFB KAEB. 
Call atter 
6. 
333 6499 
NICE DUPLEX 
1o16 Evening Dun. mile north of 
Central Park M all 2 Bedroom, 
I ibath, separate utility, storage 
Gorge Y ard kept, w ater paid 
5225 732-14o4 
No deposit, no lease, I bdrm house, appl, only 565 
United, 735 9121, tee (619-2) 

Mature Christian I adv wants ioh as sitter, with eld cily 
P refer 
Drllcrest or 
Highland area 
648 1345. 

Part Time Secretary 
Typist, lite bkkg, payroll 876 6452 
Posting machine, 1o-key opera- tor, cashier Mature 333-2926 

 fTn 
Expd m aged, e x c e lle n t background in OT ond Recreo tional Therapy 69o-849o 
1974 Trininty Univ grad BA In 
History seeks position with re sponsibility 732-92o9 
Woman desires live in (ob. 5 days 
Coll 226 2138____________________ 
37 yr old PA IN TED desires main tenance work on opt complexes, etc 927 5o44 

Q u i e t H o m e 

S t y le L iv in g 

E f f t c t o 
3 b d r m . 

T o w n h o u s e w ith Fire­ 

 p l a c e s . 
1 2 
F l o o r 

 p lan s A d u lt & Fam ily 

A rea s 

6623 Colloghan Rd 

6 9 6 - 3 2 9 o 

THE 
FOUNTAINS 

2 BEDROOM, 2 BATH 

LUXURY AFT. 

FIREPLACE. FORMAL 

DINING AREA. DEN. 

1819 BABCOCK 

341-6842 

THE TAHITIAN 
2-Bedroom, I bath, 522o 
3-Bedroom, 2 bath, 15oo sa ti i 
529o 
The location is so conveniently located, a second car is not needed 
ALL U T ILITIE S PAID 
One Block To North Star Mall 
2o2 BIRC HLEAF, 342 o285 

LEASE/OPTION 
Owner anxious to rent or sell. Mac Arthur High, 3-2 
2, $ 3 5 o mo or $ 3 4 ,5 o o . 

W e have several clean ren­ tals in the Northeast from 
$ 2 7 5 up 

G iv e us a t a ll t o d a y l 
8 2 8 -6 3 9 1 , ANYTIME 

C B j j f D E A J W F O w e n s mum 
Rf AlTOtS-AMS 
N.E. LOOP OFC. 

Beautiful 3-11, den, appl, carpet ed, air, fenced 5165 Call 
United, 735 9121, lee (654-2) 

Northside, 3-2, family room, fire­ place, swimming pool, 2' 2 yrs old, w asher-dryer, re frig , I re e le r 
54oo per mo 494 3752 ______ 
Northwest, Sunset Hills, 5225. mo 
I 3 bedrooms, I'jb o th s , covered 
Potto- fenced back yard, 696-4291 
NW 2-1-1, appl if needed, fenced tor kids, pets, coll 
I 
United, 735-9121. tee (61o-2) 
OAK M IL L S , two Story 4 2 2, j Lease 5375 mo 
A v ailab le im- j mediately. 696-7546._____________ 
' 727 OLNEY, 2 1-1, $155 
514/ Village Lawn, J-) CP. 5175 
I 7726 Strolling Lane, 3 2 1, 5215 
822 1552, ANYTIM E 

NORTHEAST REALTY 

THE TARA APTS 

8o51 BROADWAY 
AN APARTM ENT 
Unforgettable as its name 
1 BEDROOM, 5155 
2 BEDROOM, 521o 
U T ILIT IE S PAID 
824 oo61, 828 7393 

3 Bedroom, I bath 
Central heat air, Sierra North oft 
Nacogdoches Rd Close to Thou sand Oaks 
5225. 
Brenner 
Co 
344-3471 
4 Bedroom, I bath, fenced. Best 
Schools, and location. 
$195. 
344 1118________ _______________ 
I bedroom, J bath duplex Near 
Lackland 
Kelly $28o mo. 
344 62o7. 684 433o 
Deanie Owens Co. 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, den with fire place, NE schools, fenced and appliances 
Call after 
5pm, 
344 11 ll 
TOWNHOUSE POOLSIDE 
3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, formal din ing, walk in closets Large patio, 2 1 covered parking at your door 
THE HERITAGE 
1543 Babcock al NW Loop 41o 
341 2228 

Q : W here 

 was H e n ry 
("C o n zie ") 

W in kle r 

ADUIT LIVING 

FRONT DOOR BUS STRYK! 

1 BEDROOM, SI 7o 
2 BEDROOM, $2o5. 

 cool, UTILITIIS FO CIOS! TO 
SHOPPING (ENH* AND POST 
OFFICE 
THE 
HABITAT 
3 8 IS WEST AVE. 
3 4 4 -7 7 2 o 

VILLAGE OAKS APTS 
1-2 Bedrooms, and Etficiences 
U T ILITIE S PAID 
8o11 N New Braunfels 828 4242 
WALKING DISTANCE TO SAC 
Near Trinity, droom 
5115 
494 3229 

5115 per mo I be per mo. 
341-8134, 

3o1 o9 15 W Magnolia 
Apartm ents from 51oo and up 
Near SAC, convenient snapping, bus lines Call 733 9857 

4o6 HOUSES, DUPLEXES 

One bedroom apt. in clu d in g , range, dishwasher, refrigerator 
5135 mo 
344 62o7, 684 433o 
Deanie Owens Co. 
Only 5115 for 3 bdrm, air, heat, fenced for kids 
United. 735 9121, tee <664 3) 
Remodeled J I CP and storage, workshed. air, fenced, 5165 
United, 735 9121, fee (615 I) 
RENTALS 
WE HANDLE 
Choice NE Rentals 

BUDDY UECKER 
824 7361, 1324 Austin Hwy 

"W hy leave youi old un needed stuff under cover? 
We can turn them into cash!" 
Call 
225-1666 

Rent by owner, Camelot town­ house, 3 bedroom, 2' rbattv c ar­ peting, covered patio, 2 car gar age NE Schools, near Windsor 
Mall, R A F B . Ft Sam, available mid Morch, 53oo mo, 52oo Dep 12 mo lease, 656-7758 
1 bedroom duplex, NE, den, 514o mo Prefer single 828-5938 
2 BEDROOMS, tile bath heat ond air, stove and refrigerator, gar age Vacant No children, no pets 
2 blocks oft Fredericksburg Rd and Babcock 5145 mo. 
, 
732 7987STEVE M A R T IN 735 o825 
Jo7. S U . Y AN' I bedroom, cen­ tral heat, stove, refrig., water pd 
59o 824-4912 

RENT GONE ? OWN THIS 3 1-1 in the Glen Central air, 5225 down, 
12oo monthly 
J & J REALTY 674-8883 Anytime 

3-1-4, Big kitchen, breakfast room, separate dining, den, patio, many other extras. 684 8198. 

$13o $155. 
BLANCO RD and BASSE RD 
1-2 Bedrooms Gas-Wuter Pd 
6831 BASILWOOD 342 37o2 
Camelot ll (The Glen) 
Lovely 3-2, 5275 month 822 3o41 

I m in u te to IH -1o. 
Private adult and family section. 

6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodstone Drive 

 b o m ? 

* 

A The Western 
\ r 
W orld’s newest heart throb was Kirn in 
New York. N Y. lo find out when, or to find hometowns or ages of thousands of your favorite stars, celebrities and other noted personalities, look in The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Btxik of Facts. It’s a dozen K icks in one. including a People 
Book Available at our public service counter. 
Get your copy today. 

I, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. Furnished or Unfur­ nished. 

11721 Parliament 
349-3149 

 h & M f e e o c l c 

* n 
« r t h a p artm e n ts 

F re e U tilitie s 

Country Living in (be City 
I-bedroom Apts now available 
6 mites north at Loop NIO on Babcock turn tett at Springtime 

6 5 4 2 S p rin g B ra n c h 

6 9 o - 1 4 6 o 

Across Kelly, I bedroom, cleon, I private 582 Water pd 435 9144 
712 BA ILEY1, Southside 4 room duplex Near school 826 2233 
B rick 2 bedroom hom e, i 
5 1 
Seat >, 5165 648 JJ99 or 696 o446 
1513 C in cin n ati, 2 bedroom s, I heal air, water pd Bus 433 4o88 
1 
Cleon 3 2, I mi to North Star Mall. : 
5185, water Od 828 69o7__________ 
Convenient I bdrm carpeted , garage, bills pd, only 5135 
United, 735 9121, fee (tip I) 
Cutest I bedroom guest house, lovely neighborhood m a tu re mon, bills pd 513o 735 o1o7______ 
Dellcrest 2 bdrm, fenced, air, no lease, lust 5115, call 
United 735 9121, tee (635 1) 
Duplex near Ft Sam, I bedroom 
I bath, fenced, water od 595 mo 
828 2722. 
D U P LE X Woodlawn lake area, 
I bedroom, I bath, w ater paid 
595 OO 435 o651___________________ 
FOR LEASE split level Conium porary in Terrell Hills 3 3-large 
[ loving orcas AH Schools 826 3349 

Central weather. 3-1 ’ 4-1, carpet­ ed, appl, privacy fence, kids-oels 
OK 
United, 735 9121, tee (611 I) 
4715 Cheddar 3 2 den nice 
526o 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 
341 4455 
CLE AN, carpeted 3 bedroom . 
5175 mo. 
Convenient bases. 
696 742o 
WAYNE SLATER REALTORS 
CLLAN RENTALS 

R I T T I M AN RD N ear Windsor 
Moll, 3 bedrooms. O'? baths, cen tral H A, move in immediately! 
922-17o6, 674 75o9 
PAT MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
5 room duplex, stove, refrig , car­ peted, watet pd only 
P re fe r adults or w o rkin g couple, no children 585 mo 226-7837 after 5 pm 
I room house, near SAC. StOO per mo 732-2291 
3 Rooms bath, elec stove, refrig. 
’ ? blk Blanco Bu Single, senior, female. Goroge 9-6 732 3956 

3 BEDROOM, ranqe, refrig 
3 BEDROOM (Northwest) 
5185 
5165 
C e n tu ry 21 
DELANEY REALTY 653 o55o 
Colonies North Lovely 3-2-4, den, 
535o 342 79o4 
COMFY NC OZY 
Econom ical 3 b d rm , w ith ap pliances, fenced bockyaid. patio, near northside elem entary and middle schools, Lackland arco 
5155 mo 
RED CARPET 
PROPERTY M AN AG EM ENT 
673 6o18_________________ 681 o66o c ouples delight, spacious 2 bdrm, has appl, den, air, fenced, 5185 
United, 735-9121, fee (6o8 2) 

527 Downview . beautiful 3 be­ droom, I bath, with fenced yard, air, appliances, available Feb 
22nd. 519o mo 655 7458. appoint ment only 

H ighlands. 3 bedroom house 
DO YOU WANT to rent or buy a J 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 
826 8673 Anytime 

Q: W hat Is 
Nadia ^ 
Com anecis nationality! 

A rhe young gymnastic sensation ct the Montreal 
Olympics is 
Romanian. 
F or fascinating facts on amateur and professional athletics 
; or details on cities and nations around 

 j the globe - get your 
I copy of I he 1977 
I World Almanac Its i a dozen hooks in one. 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 B d rm a n d 

3 B d rm 
A p ts 

Family & Ahull Aleut* AM 
Electric Kitchens laundry rms in each Building Oui side Storage 
Northside 
School Distm t Buses lo All 
Schools 

4 4 1 I G a r d e n d a le 

696-4892 

 separate dining, air unit, w all 
' heat, 5175 mo, 575 Doe 2 Children 
I accepted Bus 432 5625 
I Kid 
WINDCREST 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • G G 
APARTMENTS 

 luxury Living in Northeast 
Son Antonio 

FROM $215 

6 5 6 -o 1 8 2 

8835 WILLMON WAY 

WAKEFIELD STARDUST 

APARTMENTS 

Ideally totaled on bu Jute 1.1. aud 3 bedroom) SISO to 
$35o Od Pedal c.iom tram 
Moi tti Stat Boll 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 

3 44 -45 58 

» 

Le* us find yours— 
24 Hr. 

TOWNHOUSE APARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
I IH M i l 
PR U — N o charge to you 
"'thm A ro f» ii< o n«f» in npt kNoftnf" 

U t f o u M 

BEAU TIFUL Tree House Apts in garden Complex, neor Bracken ridge Pfc 
Trinity U and Down town View of City Pool Laundry 
Modern and com fortable Man ager 
M U L B E R R Y TERRA CE 
APT5 1315 E Mulberry. 832 5436 

2 Bedroom duplex apt Water Pd. 
I S Iti >22 1*5o 
I Bedroom efficiency, clean aer lect condition 931 w Huisache 
Available 
2 15th. 
7)5 o636, 
124 71)7 

2 B edroom 
526* mo 
I 
Bedroom, 5146 mo All bdls pd 
Dep re q u ire d 
THE 
T IM B E R S 
A F T * 
Neor 
Brooks A F B 
4o2 UTOPIA* 
IM-6666 

} J 
I11 
I ll t i 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

!i 
IIH 

 i i i ' ! 
Ii! r f " I el * 
I s l * 

B f 1 1 

Clean convenient I upper lower, at BOS Staff t i l 6526_____________ 

(M O R A V EK APTS 
135 CLOUDHAVEN 
Vary mc# 4 berri nom opts located lust behind Shaker s P in o oft the 
Austin Hwy 626 1665 or 626 56*1 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 416 Vance jo e *sen Rd p a r k l ik e GROUNDS 
2 B l DROOM 5225 BILLS PD 
PAHKOALE APTS M3 6191__ 
COVERED PARKING AT YOUR 
DOOR 
Utilities paid 3 Bedroom, 3 both closets you can t believe 
IH E HERITAGE 
154) Babcock si NM Loop 416 
261 2226 
_ 
D U P L E X 
114 Sottpn, contrpi on heat 1 1 1, carpet drapes. Mkt new 5166 464 6266 
___ 

EDEN ROC APTS 
119 JACKSON KELLER 
Comfortable living 
Vow ll love our I or I bedroom apts rust att 
Spa Pedro Near Central Pars and North star Mails No chil sit en nu pets Reasonable prices 
126-4611 

* I n t A tt” 
~ ’ 
Beautiful I bedroom 2 bath IM * 
SB Pf m us 
| residential North central prou P l U t enclosed ae' ape Only I , 
Oetoc 
AFAM IM I MIS U N I IM I IE O 

- J U ? M i l , 
...______ 
F A n I AS t i t 
Luxurious 3 b id i our" 2 Bath, le e * !* tar f t kitc h en w ith icon lather ti*# so It 
North Can 
N o t*'o n u*« oms ovid 
A P A R T M E N T ) U N LIM ITE D 

• t i o *8 1 

* 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
# 
# 

Fivo apartm ents, upstairs and downstairs. 3 and 4 rooms Rent 
52$ $16o per month First come 
First serve Need little repair 
; HSI Culebro 7)2 oo4o__________ 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
1235 E M U LB E R R Y 
Luxury Irving at reasonable price i Large beautiful efficiency and I ; 
, and 2 bedroom apts Large pool, next door to Ft Sam and 2 bibs from Brackenridge Golf Course j Seconds from downtown, min 
I from North Star and Windsor 
Pork Mails *26 5o*1 
________ 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
IDEAL LOCATION 
2 BEDROOMS, Unfurn 52o5 
U TILITIES PAID 
215 3ackson Keller 

___________8 2 4 -9 8 7 1 __________ 

IF YOU QUALIFY 

1 Bedroom I Both 5142 519* 
2 Bedroom I Bath 5159 $221 
) Bedroom 2 Bulb 5129 5346 
All Utilities Central An ond Heal 
R efrigerator 
Range Disposal, 
Draperies, TV Antenna, Storage 
Units and More Approximately 
15 Minutes from Military Boses 
924 6416 
2914 Bogsevott Ave 
LA BANDERA APTS 
LUXURY I and 2 bedroom apts t il t BANDERA RO 4)) J3I4 
LIVE BETTER FOR LESS! 
GROUND LEVEL DUPLEXES 
FURN OR UNFURN 
E X C E LLE N t MAINTENANCE 
HIGHLAND HILLS APTS 
29)1 E 
SOU T HC ROSS 
5)4*161 

 pets w elcom ed h e re ' 7 bdrm, dbl garage, lust 5165 
United. 735 9121, tee (627 1) 
Large 3 bdrm, screened porch, ; firepace. kids, pets OK, 5125 
United 735 91?t, lei 
(4o8 3) 
I 
3 Large room, turn, duplex, $14o all bills pd On Woodlawn bus line, no children or pets. 732 7*1o 
17o Meadow Vrail (SW) 4 7, air fence, potage, 525o. o26 7913 
MOBILE HOME. 2 bedroom fur mshed washer and dryer 
All j 
Utilities aid 
5185 
822-1552 
Anytime 
- 

NORTHEAST REALTY 
J MONTHS LEASE 
Imm aculate 3-2-7 home. FU RN 
COMPLETE With fireplace. Cen tral heat-atr, Ne. choice location 
5)9o mo pius 51oo 
Dep 
Call 
656-17)4. 
Or a J bdrm with fireplace, car peted, neor to town. 51)5 
United 7)5 9121, tee (622 2) 
139 ReefRidgi- (Lockland Kelly) l i on fenced, 5)6o *36 7913 
1817 ion Pedro, i room upper', newly redone, water od 
51 IO 
I 722-2*6*. 
Small house, has den, fenced for pets air 514o. Call 
United 7)5 9121 tee (411 21 
111 4 
S kipper (6 lm o s G olf 
Course). 3-2, air, garage. $25o 
>>6 7911 
7919 ^taqecoack (Westwood V ii loge), 3-2, garage, central, 5195 

I %n m l 
1318 W Ashby, ) fOom$, newly 
I redone Brit* pd SUS 73? 2$46 

4o8 HOMES DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

4 bedroom home with den, b u ilt ins, c a rp e t, heat air? 
52oo 56oo mo Call 
INTERSTATE 81* o755 III 8 pm 
Executive 
Prestigious area nome. 3-2-2. for­ mal living-dining, den all luxury teotures. appt only 653-4584 
•' 

EXECUTIVES 
Prestigious Lorge Home 
Loop 4IO-Babcock Rd 
Spectacular City View 
3-4 Bedrooms. 3 Baths 
All The Luxury Features 
Owner Leasing For 56oo Mo 
Call For A oat 494 2237 (P M ) 

SAN PEDRO HILLS DUPLEX 
14327 Brookhollow. I bedrooms. I bath over HOO sa ft . P riv a c y fenced rear yard, new paint and carpet, $25o per month, I year lense water bill od. Call 732-558o 
Eves 492 9268, 492 2448_________ 
Small tomily? I bdrm with appl, central air, carpeted, fenced, SISO 
United, 735-912), fee (635 3) 
Southside Duplex For Rent, bills pd Couplet only 922 9816_______ 

SPECIAL THIS MONTH 
I Bedroom. 512o New 4 Plexes, ; 
1121o BEL AIR. Apl 3 349 7186. 
733 7194, 431 7741_______________ 
STOP LOOKING! Call now for a large selection of 3 ond 4 bedroom homes to rent, lease with option to buy or own Priced from S22o-S65o mo Call til 8 P M 
Executive Real Estate 824 5345 
T Bird Hills. 6114 War Bonnet! i 3 2-3, 525o 664 3366______________ 
TERRELL HILLS 3 bedroom, 2 bath, central heat air, living, din 
| mg and den S275. 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

TOWNHOUSE 
Beautiful living, coretree, con veniently located 3-2 2 Garden patio to garage Fireplace 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartment Locators 828-5739 

VALLEY HI 

"I don't want to hear a song and dance about your attic full of old stu ff!" 

Call 
225-1666 

Attracive 3 bedroom, 2 both with den 
Has range, re frig e ra to r, | carpet Lease $165. For appt coll 
696 997o 
Hohcnberger-Collins Co. 
Very Nice, 2 or 3 bedroom, living room, dining room, double car port, fireplace, fenced yard Ex celtent areo, convenient to bus, 
Ft Sam, Molls Couple only No pets 5296 mo plus dep 

RENTALS NOW 
AVAILABLE 

NORTHWOOD * RASK NORTH 

I ? I t family room fireplace 
It Sam Mea 3 dean apartments 
(em reasonable' 

824 23o1 bestir) Hwy ON 

D e a m c O w b g lo ts - W I 

Ferguson Hom es, Southside m odern 2 bedroom dup lexes, large, cleon, children ond pets 
927 7874_______________________ 
3-2-3. fireplace. 179o sq ti like new carp et, I yr old. V alley 
Forge area, NE Schools $3oo mo 
824 6Jo8 826 8317_______________ 
FOR LEASE • Large 2 bedrooms. 
21 > baths Townhouse Living, din mg. family and utility rooms 2 car garage, fireplace, brand new 
Yard core furnished 
Pay own utilities Prestigious Golf Course 
Subdivision Call P A 
Yochem, day 824 7532, nites and weekends 
876 6872 
FOR RENT delightful 3 2 home A 
H Schools Central air heat com plelelv remodeled, fireplace in living (2*1962 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 
*24 *673 Anytime 
Get this! 2 bdrm house on 2 ac. fenced, only 51oo, kids pets OK 
.United, 9)5 9121, foe 
6o5 3) 
Honeymooners 2 bdrm rustic 
, charm, no lease, fenced $9o 
United. 735 9121, tee (61* 3) 
Indian Creek, 3 I carpo rt, arr, range, re trig $165 plus dep 
| 7)2 3o17 Atter 5PM____________ kids pets OK 7 bdrm, air, heat, 
$1o5, water pd, fenced 
United, 735 9121. tee (417 2) j Kirby l l ’ e t, central arr, stove. no lease, pnvocv fence. SI75 
United, 735 f i l l , lee (6o9 2) 

28o2 Knight Robin S19S 
3 2 2, carpet, air, ne pets 
)44 7)4o Watson A Son *2o ox65 
LACKLAND K E LLY , 2 bedroom, 
I bath *16o mo 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

 north loop inc. 

Pat G avin o f the bou thw est C ra ft C enter is m aking Friday afternoons m ore co lo rfu l fo r inm ates at Bexar C ounty Jail. W ith C entral C hristian 
C hurch, th e c e n te r is s p o n s o rin g P o sitive A lte rn a tiv e s , a p ro je c t de sig ne d to b rin g a rt in to the lives o f inm ates as a step to w a rd re h a b ilita tio n . 
Brass quintet scores in SAC presentation 

Bv J AM KS CONELY 

Music for brass ensemble has a certain dignity that no other combination of instruments can quite match. 
Am ple testim ony lo this was given 
Thursday evening when the San A n­ tonio Brass Quintet played a concert in 
M cA llister A uditorium at San Antonio 

C o lle g e 
W ith four of its*members in the San 
Antonio Symphony and the fifth oil the music faculty of the college, the pro­ fessional luster of the ensemble shined very brigh tly. 
The ensem ble in clu d e s B e rn a rd 
Nero and Thomas Booth on trum pets. 
.lames Baker on horn. Peter Kline on trombone, and Michael Sanders on tu­ ba. 
The last two deserve special mention for their alacrity w ith instrum ents not no rm ally associated w ith lig h t, fast passages fu ll of aw kw ard skips and runs They played such passages w ith the same ease and fa c ility that char­ acterized the entire quintet. 
The program ranged iii style from the mellow blend of a Sarabande by 
Johann Bezel to technical firew orks of a three-movement quintet by Malcolm 
Arnold. 
A DeJong arrangement of a Samuel 
Scheldt piece . “ Canzona Bergamasca. 

R E V I E W 

 was perhaps m ore m etrica l than the early Baroque Scheidt m ight have ex­ pected. but it s till made good music. 

The musical highlight of the evening was a \ erne Reynolds arrangem ent of selected organ pieces of F e lix M en­ delssohn fa ile d “ Centime III 
This lour-movement work m ight he expect­ ed to be a low-grade m edley, but in- stead it was a noble composition that preserves the m ag nificence of M en­ delssohn’s music. 
Especially im pressive was the con­ cluding lugue B uilding inexorably to an intense clim ax, it had all the pow el­ and nobility of its origin al organ set­ ting. 
The perform ers had a good feel tor the fugue, balancing each other nicely with the entrance and interplay of the­ matic lines. The tempo was brisk, the rhythm was secure, and the tone was well modulated to bring out each part clearly. The concert ended w ith an encore — a clever and well played a r­ rangement of “ This Old M an" by Ro- 
Iwrt Nagel 
The q u in te t knows the d iffe re n ce between solo and ensem ble playing. 
Their perform ance Thursday gave all five of them opportunity for both, and they handled each supremely well. 

REALTORS MLS 
828 5436 

LOCKHILL APTS 
New I Bedroom, large w alk-in closets Northwest SUO up Ask tor Lonnie Thomas, 341 S lit or 
344 >314 evenings ond weekends 
R o c k h il l a r e a i oodioum. dishwasher, air waler aas pd 
SISO 361 4323, 697 211o, 49Q-4225 
LOVELY I Bedroom neoi KoWy, 
Only $95 month Call 534 HIO, 
C IN T N U R V ll 
NAK EF IE LO REAL IQ M * 

I ft I TOWNHOUSE 
I Bedroom* err heat SIM Water od callo <59 El Mio 4o* tie No pet* 141 *444 494 567* *24 4317 
LUXURIOUS ADULT LIVING 
3 Bedroom 2 Bath Townhouse 
WILLIAMSBURG 
SQUADS 
APTS 
I MI U M , 
New 3 Bedroom apt | * canyon lentos 
Days 
111 7)16, avos 
HO IS H 
N ew ly d ecorated ca rp e te d I 
Bdrm oat ureter KOI Kina William area I U M aquon S IH I) * )S4/ 
Northside, clean modern. 2 Be droom aal Stove retrig Privacy 
S II* *34 o7o6 
_ _ _ _ _ 
* NORTH STAR SAN RCDPO 
L u x u ry I Oedreon. 
I . Bath townhouse H eel! ic kitchen tar pet privacy patio, utilities aa 
S IH mo 
MORRIS 
R f AL TV, 
H O 6414 

 o a k HILLS VILLAGE ’ 
Apartments and tewnhavses l i M i t t IM / Bu t u t s M6 97I* 

O F F S U N S E T M O A D 
I I I * tor now I Bede gum apart mom with central air TPI* Teak 

SPI CIA REALTORS 

A A A A AA AW 
Still Renhna’ Stop throwma cash aw ay1 Own a nice home Only $7oo to $3oo down, I from $169 to $269 a month 
No 
Credit’ OK f 
PAT MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
AAT TCT HSm .' ut your own can 
Be yours tor os lift!* as HOO down ond payments less than rent No credit’ No proBlem' 
JBJ Realty 
674 HSJ ANYTIM E 
---------------U a a t f t f A ------------------- 
Why rent* Own your own ) be droom Homes all over San An 
. tonio Approxim ately $7oo total move in Payments loss mon rani 
47) 1691 42) 577o, 674 1)77 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 
A 8 T C 7 T M IM of I ar A borh oom homos with den. corpet, Built ins hoot air lo rent, loose with oetien to buy or own your own home 
SIO* SISO me Calf 
INTERSTATE *2* o755 hi * pm 
A Choice of T 4 bedroom homes to rent Loose with option to buy 
Own your home NOW' ) 19o to SIDO mo 
GASE BAKER REALTY CO 
*9o 89oo Eves 69* MOS, M I 7712 

KEY GROUP 
AcrossT em Ti 
W a re s U l l, 
Ste), plus deposit l l ) Calool* id KietBqssa I 853 2692 
Pam aTJw *TT *t paneled sepal ate dining study tone od 
United 7)5 9111 lee 1*o9 1) 
I and I tkedrearns homes fenced tarot yard HOS *156 *1) 252) att 
5 
A ako I Bedroom, I Bam duplex all extras, norm of 416 on* Co* ira* park, lie * si* seam Tract 
344 u t ) 
A' nice J bagroom duplex ap 
Phone es SDS (OR St Cloud) i l l 
John Adams 344 l i p 
Avoilsikl* Kaw, 4 'Wed i oom Hor mony Mills walk hi schools I I H mo For Dolan* 494 7o il m i r e i n r 
T T T 
'm w t w 
BRICK 
) } I wilB tir y p lu to built ins lone# end dr opes 
Loose SJM 
Northwest cast inside I ova *16 
M I M 9 DR AL TV 
6)9 u n ell m n 
— t h ; * i w s 'jipc.-TN w — 
T« XAS ART LOCATORS 
M f 36*) • NO F tk 
Bf IQ T T fm ^ T T T o n ’lro l alt c ai B e lie * font cd y a rd t i l 
Sc hoots N M la .me trone os I M I 
OM 41)6)1) X II 3)66 

Larue and roomy, I bedroom, 2 • 
Oath home 7911 Sir Phillip $4oo mo on o I year leas* tor dc tots call 178 1145 or 341 7153 nit** end 
Wo6K6BGQ. 
I 
LEASE WITH OPTION TO BUY 
3 bedroom 
2 bath Townhouse, I close lo Windsor Park Mall Rent 
*225 per mo or buy tor $21,ooo 
Niles 455 4863 
MORTON SOUTWEST REALTY 
____________655 4848___________ 
Like new 3 2-2 with ta ro t tiro p lace, den, c a rp e t b u ilt m s, 
Camelot ti $385 me StOO dep Coll collect I 336 3643, Boot ne. Tx 
LIVE OAK near Randolph 4 2 2, den, form al diam # and living 
$315 OSO-1476 
3 11 *-l, totaled in Sunset Hills 
N ear schools and shoppm a 
Available March I S2Io mo 
344-6267, 6o4U336 
D o o m * Owens Co 
3 2 2 lovetv home in Tow N viE W 
ESTATES 
F am ily room with fire p la c e im m d o d io to ac caponey SJ4o mo 
344 *2o7, 484 4)JO 
D o o m * Owens Co 
McArthur 3 bdrm with den, car­ pel kids, pols OK, 8325 
United. 735 f i l l loo ( H i I) 
NE 3 -t'i-l, all appliant ut. fenced. 
$195 *oo-4116__________________ 
Neat FI Sam, 2 bedroom home lo r** yard HQ OH)____________ 
Near FI Sam. 7 bedroom. I Bath tented. SH 826 1711 
Near Kelly. I bedroom clean private, BUS, 
43) 9144 
___ 
NEAR LA C K LA N D Nice I be dream Homo, has a ir end ae pliances HOS per mo *7* M il 
RED CARPET 
Neat n e w ! ) M >-l all modern 
(alinementet lust U l t ’ Cull 
United 7 J )9 l|l (go 
6H 2I 
Near SI M ary $ U 
I bedroom home separate rainily room oh 
•N eIi it kitchen tarpohtd tented 
Shown by oapt SIS* mo 362 4318 
I i M I 1818 atter 8___________ 
N I I Bdrm ait BtMit ms. alas rooter arr lanced SIO) 
_____________U M H 
N k cleon I Bedroom home tor peltna tented yard 12oo mo 
ROSSI KE A l TV 
4o6 7781 
NE toqiHfv I M u tt, td aN a T iB r appl Noted |i)3 m & k >M »lit, Ne tm* *» 

NE E n f a n t ? ? m oo* don with rn (p la t * tots a# e tn a s 
Si71 
4)3 IM * attar 
A u a nor l REA 

3o26 W Ashby, beautiful large 2 bedroom, clean, carpeted, porch gorogo, lanced, *18o 73) 3oo9 
Westwood 2 bdrm appl, cai pated, garage, cent air-heat. fenced tor kids 
United, 735 f i l l , tee (64o l l 
I 

519 IM. MANDALAY i 24-den, carpet, OH San Pedro 
I Large storage $185 Brenner Co 
344-M I I 
Woodlawn H ills, I bedroom , 2 
; bath, electric kitchen, central 
■ an heat, 111 Sunrise Or St9o mo 
I IU 1787 
! 

41? MUMS FURNISHED 

ALPHA HOTEL 
Reasonable, doily, weekly rates, downtown 315 N Mom 
Private bedroom and both, MS mo, dep reg 735 49o6 
Rooms tor men, near downtown ond bus 318 Madison 236 3547___ 

416 ROOMS KUTH BOARD 

^ s l e o ^ ^ ^ ^ o m for ren t, no heavy drinkers, dining privileges, 
• o o d e x t t a S I J J T U O M ^ ^ ^ 

418 KfAMT TO RtMT OR LEASE 

RENT OI SALE Y l I 
I blk NE 
Schools. 655 5637895 917 3948 
Wont lo rent approx. 4,oc4 sa « unturn house in NE port of town, 
M D * Rotor 5 PM 
EXPRESS- 
NEWS 
Want 
Ads 

C A L L 
225-1666 

Jury rules contractors lost by SASO change 

Q: When 

 w as 
Bogey born? 

A Humphrey f toga it was born in 189D. 
Mort* facts on thousands of stars of tho past and present. 
Academy Award winners and other celebrities may be found in The 1977 
World Alm anac—the 
Exxjk that s a dozen books in one Get your star studded 
World Almanac and 
Book of haets today at our public service counter, bookstore, newsstands, super markets or wherever quality reading is sold /\lso available by mail with the coupon below Mail orders add BO cents tot postage and handling 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

A district court jurv F riday found three contractors suffered a $2(1.(MMI loss when the Sun A ntonio School 
D istrict cancelled lls contract for a new adm inistration building. 
The jurv . however, also ruled the 
Is ta rd term inated the contract for a distillable cause and for a legitim ate purpose, w hich could result in the p la in tiffs receiving no m onetary da­ mages.............. 
The 131 at D is tric t Court ju ry ri-- turned tin* verd ict a fte r hearing week s worth of testimony on a where the contractors were suing the 
(bool district and Calvin Kolterm ann 
Inc. 
The companies are Redondo Manu­ fa c tu rin g Inc.. I) 
K. Y\ 
Inc. and l udcr-Reem P iling Co. 
I lie suit. which asked (or $25(1.(MMI iii damages, charged the companies in ­ curred damages because the school district cancelled its $1.K m illio n eon- 

 a snit 

 tract tor the building. 
The three companies stated they lux subcontracted w ith K olterm ann ani had alrea dy begun w ork on . tin building when the contract was can ceiled. 
It was term inated after an A pril school board election put two nev trustees on the boa rd who were aguins the building's construction. 
Because the d is tric t cancelled th contract, the subcontractors cla im s their contracts with Kolterm ann wet' breached, causing them unnecessar loses. 
The three eontraetors were seekin damages from tin* school d istrict ii addition lo Kolterm ann. alleging th d is tric t ma Menus iv in te rfe re d w it their contracts 
No dale has been sci for Dist. Judg 
Fred Shannon to determ ine whethc the com panies w ill receive any du mages 
Bell names Clark to advisory panel post 

I S 
A tty. John K. C lark of San 
Antonio has been elected secretary of the Mtorney General's Advisory Com­ m ittee of I S Attorneys 
Atty. Gen 
G riffin Bell announced the advisory com m ittee's IH77 officers 
Friday 
( lark was iii Washington Friday and could not lie reached But F irst Assi 
Atty. John Pinckney said he didn t know what effect that would have on 
( lark s chances to remain iii his |xist a s k s attorney 
I S attorneys’ jobs are often consi­ dered political plums and change when a new adm inistration comes in office 
“ Appointm ent of T S judges and attorneys is a science known only to 
God. ami I'm not sure he c u re s ." 
Pinckney said. 

Pinckney said the election to th advisory com m ittee was a rccognitin ol the outstanding job ('la rk has done 
“ ll c e rta in ly doesn t h u rt ( I ii chances)," added Pineknev. 
I ,s a tto rn e ys are appointed I four-year term s, but they serve al ti pleasure of the president. P in kiu 
SLI id 

C lark was appointed bv Preside! 
Ford lits term itegan in M arch IH75 

Meanwhile. Stale Rep Jo** Merna! de/,, who wants tin* jjost. said Clark election to a national office makes i difference iii d e te rm in in g w hello he ll stay iii the I S attorneys' jxjst 
" I see no significance iii ll whats ever and I would d e fin ite ly know lleniam lez said Frnluv 

L a w y e r k i l l e d iii i l r u j j r a id 

Y o u 'U be am azed at th e inLeretiUJitf jo b * o ffe re d in to d a y '» 
W ant A da! 
Coll 225-1666 

ROCKTON (A P ) - A Jti vear-old 
Houston attorney aud finance corpora- 
(ion executive, was shot lo death early fr id a y during what police said was a drug raid at a historic downtown hotel rn 
A u th o ritie s said H a nford H ilto n 
Radittskv was slain after lo* pointed a re v o lv e r at an o ffic e r T ile H a rris ountv medical examiner s office said lite victim was hit in the chest, huck, leg wrist and shoulder 
Investigating officers said Radinsky was kille d ut a Pith floo r, fb i a day suite at IIm- Rice-Kitted bun sr Hotel lit the r»»uii with hull officers said. were 
I IDU vs t a I it - a lase mats* the o ilie r clad III 

 a nightgown 
A m ovie cam era on a tripod was Iocused toward a bed in the room 
Fight other |jcrsoits iii the suite were am ated for quest toning 
Officer** said they confiscated film equipment, film s, two pistols, JU syr­ inges ail estimated fine pound of m ar 
Uliana, an ounce of hashish a boul a dozen varieties ut pills a half-ouncc ut cocullo and a small quantity ut heroin 
Radittskv a native of Houston aas divorced ami the lasher ut a daughter 
Ile Is listed in the Houston city dirts lory ax a vn e president ami treasure! of San Jacinto Cilium c Ct An 

Center gives heavenly 

By EVT LYNN 
SAWYER 
Southwest 
Craft 
Center gave an An- gels’ Party for its generous ben efac­ tors complete with harpist 
Jean Alt­ shuler. The former 
Ursuline Academy was star-decorated for the occasion. 

Some 14o Angels were honored at the cocktail supper and Mrs. Adele 
Frost was singled out as the Archangel. 
In honor of her hus­ band. the late 
Jack 
Frost, Mrs. Frost gave the first addition to the 
Old Ursuline, the chapel and the priest’s house. 
She said that the Craft 
Center should have a long and su ccessful future now that it has its own identity. 
The president, 
Mrs. 
Tom Berg, gave her a ceramic wall hanging by 
Luis Gu/inan depicting a ceram ic archangel for her contributions, and an original drawing of the 
Old Ursuline by Bill 
Thomas. 
Print 

Each of the Angels re­ ceived a numbered and signed print made from* 
Thomas’ drawing As­ sisting with the decora­ tions for the party was chairman. O il Wallace, escorting Caroline Shel­ ton.. 
Committee m em bers included 
Mines. John 
Oppenheimer, Richard liixson and 
Presslv 
Shafer. 
M rs. 
E . 
B 
Flowers was chairman of the invitations, which pictured an angel de­ signed by Isaac Maxwell. 
Overall chairm an of the event was Mrs. Ed-‘ gar Kleck Jr. She is al­ ready changing hats for it her m ajor endeavors 
Aith which she is assist­ ing 
Mrs. Week is handling the publicity for the Me­ tropolitan Auditions on 
Thursday, Friday and 
Saturday sponsored jointly by the Ju n ior 
League and Sun Antonio- 
College. With 74 contes­ tants this year, the win­ ner will have tremendous competition 
H e fle rtio n s 
A perform er in the 
League’s 
“ Reflections” 
-how planned for March 2 jnd 3. Mrs. Kleck is also chairman with 
Mrs. W. iv. McAllister Jr. as cc>- hairman. of the Galaxy 
Ball on Sept. 24 in the St. 
Anthony Hotel. 
That ball is a benefit for the Mental Health As­ q u a t ion of Texas and the city where it is held each vear changes. Besides all those a ctiv ities, the klecks have two sons, 
Johnston Taylor. H. and kip. 9. 
Ford Meyer showed party guests at his table the VIP license plates he was sent by the Inaugural 
Committee in Washing­ ton. The plates are im­ printed with red, white and blue stars and bars and the words “ District of Columbia FER D -M 
Inauguration 1977.” 
The plates are good until March I. so Meyer plans to ha\e them on his ear for the next few weeks. 
Washington is the 
Wedding vows are repeated 

Miss Doris Jean J alin becam e the bride of 
Glenn Skip Bixler Thurs­ day in St. M atthew ’s 
Episcopal 
Church i i i 
Houston The Rev. Billy 
( 
Grissom officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the 
•laughter of Mr and Mrs. 
Fred A. Jalin The groom in the son of the Rev. and 
Mrs Glenn J . Bixler of 
Houston. 
Attendants were Susan 
Mendorf and 
George 
O’Malley. 
After a wedding trip to 
Arkansas, the couple will reside in Houston. 
Shakespeare 
Club to meet 
The Shakespeare Club will hold a special Valen­ tine meeting at 3 p m 
Saturday in the home of 
Mrs. E E 
Sisson with 
Mrs. VV 
VV 
M dc Donald as co-hostess. 
The Merry Wives of 
Windsor will be present­ ed by the two hostesses with several of the m em bers reading the parts 

IT S SHOW TIME 

TODAY, 1:oo, SEE OUR PREMIERE' 

CALIFORNIA 

RUNWAY FASHION SHOW. 

IN THE MALL COURT, 

NORTH STAR MALL. 

 f 
S»n Antonio Express) 

 win a fashion by young edwardian and other designers, sign up in our junior shop, drawing will be held saturday, february 19th, 3:oo. north star mall, you must be present to win 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February \ 2 1 9 7 7 

Terpsichorean to hold dance 

T h e 
T e rp s ic h o re a n 
Club will hold a Valentine formal from 9 p.m. to I a .m . S a tu rd a y in the 
Anacacho Room of the St. 
Anthony Hotel. 

The Felix Solis Orches­ tra will play. 
Hosts will be Messrs. and M ines. F elix For* silage. Butch Rieber and 
Gus VVolfarth. 

MILLIOUD INTERNATIONAL GALLERY 
ART SALE 

HUNDREDS OF ORIGINAL PRINTS BY 

CHAGALL MIRO CALDER PICASSO DALI 
TOULOUSE-LAUTREC CEZANNE MANET 
COROT RODO-BOULANGER 
AND MANY OTHER WELL-KNOWN ARTISTS 
LARGE SELECTIONS OF SWISS MUSIC BOXES 
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13, l l A.M. TO 6 P.M. 
ST. A N T H O N Y HOTEL 
3oo E. TRAVIS 
SAN ANTONIO 

 love 
7$ 

...rem em bering lo send her a valentine. 

TM tog U S Fn oft _ ah rigfcti 
<o 1977 in# Ane*#* T\mm 

Jxpress-News 
= Want Ads— 

= 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 = 

ANTIQUE SALE 

D iscounts up to .'UDA on ( ash Sales o f a special group o f Furniture natl Aeeessories. M ust m oke room for ame shipm ent. For I days only! I'ltursday, Felt. Kith to M on- day* Feb. I Itll. 

 o i 
D• 
6 ft cI u if) 
Aihbv 
£ 
A n tiq u e s , In c . 

JO 1.1 V Mo in I i f . 
7.Mo2V7 
O fo’ii lO-.t I foil \ 

ROSMARIN 
Sturdy stoneware w ith bands o f brown and hand painted 

 stylized flowers on light back­ ground. 

Here s a great way — and a great time, at 

 special low prices — to build up a new set of 

 dinnerware, or “ freshen up” your present set 

 with individual pieces. Except for a 

 piece or two, this popular 

Arabia ware is dishwasher-proof 

 and oven-proof. 

 w 

KUTA 
Fine earthenware, practical and attractive, it mixes well with other patterns. Solid colors o f yellow , blue, green, white, and black. 

A country barn ' collection of discontinued patterns 

— firsts and irregulars. All made in Finland. Not every 

 piece in every pattern. Also, an interesting assortment 

 of special purchase items. 

N o lay aw ay or special orders ot sale prices. 

L 

I 

3 2 2 6 Broadway • 824-1 162 
Monday Saturday 9 JO 5 3o 

Cowboys can’t kick 
’bout this chow line 

Foot-long hot dogs, corn on the cob and cotton candy can taste pretty good while you’re strolling down the midway during the Stoek- show and Rodeo. 
But if you want to get a REAL ta s te of ro d e o -tim e in 
San 
Antonio, the plate to go is Little 
Red Burn Steakhouse at 1836 S. 
Hackberry. lf you d o n ’t b eliev e it. you should have been there Thursday when the A lam o T ra il R id e rs made their annual stop on their way into town. 
The parking lot was full of wa­ gons and horses! 
We w e re there tor dinner e a r­ lier in the week and w atch ed three large groups of cowboys s a u n te r in and out like th e y ’d been doing it all their lives. 
Upstairs, three private parties were going on at the same time. 
The steakhouse also is an in­ stitution with downtown business people. It s only a five-m inute drive from the St. Anthony Hotel and two minutes from the Feder­ al building, to give you an idea. 

And. anyone who's been there even once knows the ropes—good food ut reasonable prices, friend­ liness and fast service. 
“ W e’re p ro g ra m m e d to get 
\ou in and out of here in IS m in­ 

 u te s .’’ says the ow ner, F ra n k 
Hernandez. 
That means your salad arrives at the table the sam e tim e the hostess seats you, and you can order immediately — from m en­ us printed on the wall. 
It that’s a little too speedy for you. Hernandez says custom ers should ask the waitress for more time in ordering. 
Hernandez opened Little Red 
Barn in 1963 with a seating capa­ city of 25. Today the restaurant seats TOO, and feeds from 1,1oo to 
5,ooo people each day. 

Picnic tables 
The menu has never changed, nor has the atm osphere—picnic tables. Jim m y Davila's Western cartoons painted on bright red walls and waitresses in cowgirl suits. It’s where VIPs go to rub shoulders with cowpokes. 
Hernandez is a native San An­ tonian who grew up in the Homis- 
Fair area and learned something of the meat business from his family. 
“ I converted a m eat m arket 

 into a steakhouse,” says Hernan­ dez. who purchased 
Rothseh- m idt’s Grocery and Meat Market. 
‘i t was just an old building with a lot of paint. 
“ People told me I really didn't know what I was doing because this was the wrong place to put a restaurant.” 
Nevertheless, between volume and cutting his own meat, Her­ nandez has kept prices down and built a booming business on ser­ vice. 
“ Ninety per cent of the people are in a hurry,” says Hernandez who keeps the menu sim ple to facilitate speed. 
Little Red Barn offers steaks ranging from SI .95 (ham burger steak) to $4.95 (sirloin or T-bone) and fried s h rim p at $3.95. A child’s plate is $1.55. 
Prices include an iceberg let­ tuce salad with vegetable garnish and a choice of dressings (the house dressing is garlic), baked potato or french fries and rolls. 
There’s no dessert. 
“ We m ak e ev ery th in g from scratch .” says Hernandez, “ in­ clu d in g sa lad d r e s s in g s atld breading our own shrim p.” 

Any plans for the future? “ My d au g h ter Nancy is taking the 
Conrad Hilton hotel and restaur­ ant managem ent course, and she has BIG plans." says Hernandez. 
“ But that is way in the future!” 
Say it with Valentines 

B y M A R Y S I E M IL L E R 
Looking ahead to St. 
Valentine’s Day, here are some appropriate quota­ tions from “ Lovely” peo­ ple: 
» 
“ When you tisli for love, bait w ith your heart, not your brain." — 
Mark Twain 
• 
“ A lady w ith h er daughters or lier nieces/ 
Shine liko a guinea and 

 seven-shilling pieces.” 
— Lord Byron 
• 
“ I kissed my first woman and smoked my first c ig a r e tte on the sam e day; I have never had tim e for to b acco s in c e .’’ 
— 
A rtu ro 
Toscanini 
• 
“ A child of our g r a n d m o th e r 
E ve, a female; or, for thy more 

 sweet und erstan d in g , a w o m a n .” 
— 
W illiam 
Shakespeare. 
• 
“ High heels w ere invented by a woman who bud been kissed on the fo re h e a d .” 
— 
C h r is ­ topher Morley 
• “ A great social suc­ cess is a pretty girl who plays her cards as ca re­ fully as if she w ere 
FLOOR SAMPLE 
CLEARANCE 

All Sofas, Chairs, and 

Sleepers in Stock 
Save 2o% to 5o% 

W e ’re overstocked and need the room for new shipments arriving next week. 
Imagine, your 

 unrestricted choice of all sofas, chairs, and sleepers in stock. Choose from top quality brand names in traditional and contemporary styling by 
Century, Clyde Pearson, Hickory Tavern, Thayer 
Coggin, Directional 
— to name a few. Be early for best selection! 

• Master Charge 

• Bc/nli Amene Ord 

• 9 o Day Charge 

• Time Payment 

Plan 
TREND 
HOUSE 
In* Jiid ut Cultiinr* North Shopping Centre, 
1,1. Ill 
^ ii.'.’..;1:' 

 april daily Hi to o thur»d«iv Iii *J p . iii 

 plain “ — F. Scott Fitz­ gerald 

• “ They say God made man in his effigy. I don’t know about that, but I'm quite sure that he put a lot of d iv in ity into the 
American girl" — Mark 
Twain 
Lovely figure 
W h a t’s y o u r fig u re problem? To achieve to­ tal a ttra c tiv e n e s s 'sen d for m y b o o k let. 
S E ­ 
CRETS OF A LOVELY 
F IG U R E . 
For your copy, write to 
Man- Sue Miller in care of The Express. Box 2171, 
San Antonio. Tex., 78297, enclosing a long, self-ad­ dressed, stam ped enve­ lope and 25 cents in coin. 

Mary Ann models a blue linen skirt and a diagonal striped blouse by Yves Saint- 
Laurent from Frost's. The Bright Shawl was the setting for this luncheon fashion show. 
PHOTO BY JO SI 

R ea d y f or spring 

Tired of the fluking w inter skin yo u ’re in? 
U ncom fortable lugging e x tra p o u n d s th a t sn e ak e d up over the holidays? 
B e a u t y - d ie t e x p e rt 
Mary Sue Miller to the rescue. In a special five- part series starting Mon­ day, she shows how you can treat yourself to dewy spring skin all over...how to lose IO pounds by F as­ ter... how to firm off flub. 
Watch for her series beginning Monday in the 
San Antonio Express. 

Kelly Scherrer says ... 

Heart necklace spells 
LOVE. 
Frame for cherished pic­ ture. 

Son Antonio EXPRE5S-NEW S— Saturday February I 2 I9 7 7 

 ll hat s a g a l (or g u y) to do when suddenly remembering that I alentine's D a y is M ond ay and no gifts purchased? Rush out fran tically tike C h risti?" O r find a suggestion here and shop leisurely? Shopping inform ation is at bottom o f page. minute Valentines 

...and where to find them bloman! Shop 

U m 11 n h J 
( ( V A rn 
Half and Larga Six* fashions, 

SATURDAY ONLY . . . MAIN AVENUE 

‘Oh, wow!’ A glance at the ca­ lendar reminds Christi that V a ­ lentine’s Day is almost here. 

Nothing to do but run out and find gifts for those special people in her life. 

SURPRISE 
SALE 
EVERY PRICE 
A SURPRISE! 

OUR ENTIRE 
WINTER STOCK REDUCED 
5o % 6o % 7o % off 

S I Z E S 1 2 W I U 2 6 ‘/ S . 3 6 l o 5 2 . I K . i i . I 2 u 
STREET DRESSES 
LONG OCCASION DRESSES 
PANTSUITS. SKIRTSUITS 
COORDINATED SPORTSWEAR 
COATS. JACKETS 
BLOUSES. PANTS. SKIRTS 
SWEATERS. ROBES 
SLEEPWEAR. FOUNDATIONS 

We're cleanup our entire winter *tock» from our 9 blore* to nuke room for the new neanou. W e've taken draotic reduction* with breathtaking tip* for you. Don't mi** I bena* exciting values of Woman's Shoji quality fashion*. Shop early for hest belection*. 

A U L S A L E S F IN A U P L E A S E ! 

MAIN AVENI E ONLY! 

For him, a red-dotted navy tie by Dior. 
For her, a coin necklace to treasure. 

You’ll be on his scent with a ‘limited edition’ bottle of Andromeda cologne. 

I o 
It's "in " these days to 
S e e O Widely S c e n e wear a designer mono 
■ cram, such as the em gram, such as the em­ broidered "D ior" on the handsome red and blue 
1 

To my Valentine 

February 14th. . . 

Relate your love for her with a special gift and lunch in our tea room. 

 d i e U)ousif of G e org e 

WINDSOR PARK MALL it ftfn'r Lei p/> 
IIHOOK HOLLOW MALL 

Individualistic . . . rugged . . . ogelet* Our famous hand crafted furniture . . . Texas Ranch . . . New Eng­ 

 land Farmhouse and Spanish Provincial. Custom mode 
In solid Ponderosa Pine. Visit our new showroom and see complete room groupings with uniquely appropri­ 

 ate accessories .. . fine prints, copper, lamps Take a tour of our interesting shops. Let us design something 

 especially for you. Write or coli for free illustrated brochure. 

 l l 
■ 

?- 
A o j 

V )r 

 ut ti 

W.R. DALLAS 
J/Til ijuttj&pj.. fjnc. 

 t« t«*e «• i»k« et*** 
*» 
I Matt* imm k iM M n Mw* iqM aa Cat baa 

I t 

^ I I I I Cee Cee Lone 
I I I o747 

Son Antonio, Texes I I I 17 

A bracelet to be engraved while you wait, and a ring to wear forever. 

Also at Dillard's is the gold-bracelet to be en­ graved while you wait 
(prices from $4 to 112.5o) and the heart-shaped ring of garnets at $75. 

Okay, so you were going to let V alen­ tine's Day go by with only a card — or a kiss — to mark the occasion. 

And now you're think­ ing in terms of a gift. A survey (to be elaborated upon in Sunday's Scene section) shows that the hearts ’n flowers day is growing in popularity. 
Perhaps the sugges­ tions pictured will help you choose a gift for that certain person. Here's how to find them: 
The devilish bath kilt by Jockey is $H and available at Dillard s. 
And you’ll find socks and shorts printed with hearts. (Shorts come with a beating heart!) 

 tie from Rhodes ($1o). 
The gold safari coin necklace ($3o) is also at 
Rhodes. 
Love-knot bracelets for both sexes have become a treasured jewelry item. 
These are from Joske’s at varied prices. The copper and silver combination is 

$ 1o. 
Cologne 

For a truly memorable cologne, give him the new 
Andromeda. It’s so ape-, eial that each of the 

"limited edition" bottles comes with a registration number. You’ll find An­ dromeda at Todd’s ($18). 
The flower-decorated ceramic heart frame by 
Terragraflcs of Califor­ nia (ideal for girls of all ages, including moms 
.and grandmoms) is $1o. 
A two-picture version is 
$12. The genuine elephant tusk ivory heart necklace by Tube is $35. Frame and necklace are at Frost 
Bros. 
Happy Valentine's Day. 

Monogram 

THE TEXAS TOUCH 

Wing So'u 
* th lest**' C\rthi*».» 

Memorable love-knot bracelets for him or for her in varied sizes and prices. 

A Valentine bath kilt is a devilish way to flatter the man in your life. 

 lf I hurry, maybe I can grab a sandwich, too. But I haven't even made a li$t[l____ 

PHOTOS RY CHARKS RANK SOAK ANO JO I R ARRI RA IR 

Poge 4-F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 
Saturday February I 2 I 977 
Teen-ager should get counseling 

Dear Ann: The prob­ lem is our son. He started to smoke pot when he was 17. His grades began to fall and he hist interest in school and dropped out. 
W e told him he couldn’t live here and be stoned all the time so he 
Quit the pot and turned to alcohol. 
Now he runs the streets til 4 or 5 a.m .. comes home dead drunk, vomits all over the house and causes no end of grief. 
The boy doesn't work or help out in any way. 
He eats and sleeps at home and gets his laundry done. For the life of me I can't figure out what happened to this kid 
Iii' was a nice. quiet youngster till he turned 
IT and now he is like a stranger 
What shall we do with him ? Des Moines Hear­ tache 
Dear Des Moines: 
He needs counseling and so do you and your husband. 
This is a family problem. 
AA could be the answer for your son. 
(The number of teen-age alco­ holics in the T S is as­ tonishing — and it s growing.) But he must go to AA of his own accord 
Contact the M ental 
Health Association, state or local Call Ai-Anon and attend the next meeting. 
There IS plenty of help available for people iii trouble, but they must be willing to seek it 
I Vt ow Hors 
Dear Ann Landers: 
Please print this impor­ tant message to pet owners ever> w here. 
Thank you. 
To Whom It May Con­ cern 
As I write this let­ ter your dog is smeared all over the road. I killed him. 
Maybe you beard the tires screech when I tried to avoid hitting the poor critter, but it was too late. It was him or a 

A n n 

 la n d e rs 
^ 
.................... ........... 
. . . t jj j 

 head-on collision with a gasoline truck 
Pretty soon you'll find what is left of your pet and it won t be a pretty sight 
You’ll curse “ the lousy driver,” and hate me. But the person who should be blam ed is 
VOT. 
Your whole family will probably cry their eyes out 
I'm sure. too. you believe you loved your dog. but apparently you didn t love him enough to make certain he was safe at home tonight 
Tomorrow, a man who works for the county will scrape him off the pave­ ment. You will probably get another dog in a few days, but unless you learn your lesson the man from the county will have something to do again soon. Disgusted I ii Co­ vina 
Dear Covina: 
Strong language — and I agree with every word of it 
Thanks for laving it on the line 

 hold your applause, please. 

 until after the entire eirette of california spring & summer 

 collection has been modeled informally today at 

 north star mall, spectator shop. 

FROST BROS. 

Clubs and 
Spades 

S IN DAY 
I p m. SAN ANTONIO 
D FM KR O C X L I.IS SO 
C IE T Y , in tin* home ol 
M rs. J . D. Klingetnau with Mrs. W.C. Byrd as eohostess. Mrs. H I). Al­ len will speak on 
“ Thomas Jefferson, Our 
First Agronomist. 
MONDAY 
BUW a m. ST. KH X V 
CIS C A RD EN C H L D , of 
St. L u k e ’s Episcop al 
Church, will meet in tin home of M rs. 
P h ilip 
M usgrave. 
M rs. 
Sin 
Wood w ill speak on dc corating the home. Co hostesses will Ive Milles 
John K efau ver, Lukin 
Gilliland. Stanley Price and II T. Taylor. 
I HI p m. R IV E R S ID E 
G A R D E N ( L I B. in 
Highland Terrace Met Ii- odist 
Church 
Cohos. tosses will Ive Mines. K 
K Moyer. W. C Stewart and M. Darter. Mrs. I. L. 
Patton w ill speak on 
‘Wise Tse oi Water and 
Benefits of Mulch.” 
W ED N ESD A Y 
•UU a m. SAN ANTON 
ID G A R D EN C E N T E R , 

 i i i the Garden Center. 
Mrs. Cleo Arredondo will moderate a panel in pre­ paration for the Spring 
Flower Show. which will be titled “ Happiness is 
Horticulture.” Plant sale will precede the meeting iii ll a in. Hostess clubs w ill be Castro, Cenizo. 
Lantana, Rock ii Oaks and University Women. 
TH U RSD AY 
H AH a in W H IS P E R ­ 
IN G 
O A K S C A R D E N 
C L U B . in the home of 
M rs. M alcolm Jones. 
Coffee and business will precede the program . 
M rs. Noyes Livingston will present “ Gardeners 
Love Ikebana Arrange­ m ents.“ Hostesses will 
Im* Elaine Haines. Sadie 
H eister, 
M ary 
Ja n e 
Briggs and Pat Gordon. 
I# a iii 
S Y L V A N 
G A TE G A RD EN CLUB. in the San Antonio G ar­ den Center. Program will be on Horticulture Co- hostesses will be Mines 
John T Walker, Mark K 
Hopkins and John B 
Muring 

Cubs trade Madlock 

CHICAGO (A P) — Bill Madlock, two-time National League batting champion. was traded Friday by the Chicago Cubs to the San Francisco Giants in a five-player deal in w hich the Cubs received outfielder Bobby M incer 

Madlock reportedly earned $85,ooo last season with the ( uhs and when he insisted on a multi-year contract with a salary in line with what some of the free agents were receiving, ('uhs owner IV K W rigley announced that Madlock would he traded "to anyone foolish enough to want him ." 

Mureer. who once played for the New \ ork Yankees, was the key man to loin the ('uhs. Mincer hatted .259 with the Giants last season with 23 home runs and 9o runs hatted in bike Madlock, Mureer is not current Iv under contract. 
In addition to Madlock. who wanted a multi-year contract involving an annual salary of some 
$2oo,ooo. the Cubs sent utility infielder Hoi) Sperring to the Giants. 

Also acquired by the Cubs was infielder Steve Ontiveros and right-handed pitcher Andy 
Muhlstoek. 

Madlock, who won his second straight National League hatting title on the final day of the season last year, batted .339 for the Cubs in 142 gam es He hit 15 home runs and had 84 runs batted in 

Madlock. 28. came to the Cubs after the 1973 season in a deal which sent Ferguson .Jenkins, a perennial 2o-game winner, to the Texas Hangers of the American League. 

Mureer, 31. made the American League All-Star team from 1971 through 1974 before lie was swapped to the Giants for outfielder Bobby Bonds. 
Sperring. 27. saw limited service with the ('uhs last season and hatted 258 in 43 gam es 
I 

S a t u r d a y 

E x p r e s s 
- N e w s 

I___________ 

C ook gels picked up, 

SPORTS 

Bodfish bill g e l s 
K lepper look — Page .‘ill 

Page I -H 
H 
February I 2 I 9 7 7 
Spurs ground Rockets, put Calvin up for grabs 

Crucial victory 

Bv JEFF GROSSMAN 
Or THE EXPRESS NEWS ST Aff 

HOUSTON — Sn who needs the h o m ec o u r t a d v a n ta g e , anyway? 
The Spurs won their fourth road victory in their last six trips, 1(17-1o4, over the Houston 
R ockets F rid ay night at the 
Sum mit. 

It com pleted a 2-1 road trip. San 
Antonio’s second such trip in the last three weeks 
The Spurs led the whole second half, but saw their m argin shrink to one, 1o3-192. as Calvin Murphy hit the last of his 3o points on a layup with seven seconds left. 
The Rockets, press­ ing with everyone but th e tic k e t ta k e r , gt fouled George Gervin rn- w ith one seco n d re- pp i 
# illum ing. 
It w as 
WmMrt'. 
M urphy’s sixth foul. 
Grossman 
The 
Iceman wrapped up the victory by hitting two free throws 
T he San 
A ntonio v icto ry also bunched up the NBA Central, leaving the Spurs tied with Cleveland for third. a gam e behind the second-place Rock­ ets and two away from the lead er. 
W ashington The Spurs are now 29-25. 
“ We dom inated the whole g a m e." said Spurs Coach Dong Mot*. "T he de­ fense was absolutely fantastic. The only thing they hurt us on was the of­ fensive hoards 
“ If we hadn t throw n it aw ay so many times on the fast break, it might have been a little easier. We cont nilled every phase of the gam e except the rebounding.” 
Indeed, th e a c tiv e S p u r d efe n se caused many long Houston shots, too long in fact. 
And Mark OI herding did a physical job of cutting down on Moses Malone s effectiveness inside iii the second half. 
With Larry Kcnon guarding Malone. the m an who left the F n iv ersit; it 
Maryland waiting, had 18 points and seven offensive rebounds. With OI- herding lurking around. Malone had five offensive boards anti seven points. 

Threw body 

"All I did w a s throw my body iii th e way." said Olberding. "M y only con­ cern was throwing myself between him and the ball." 
“ It was tough for K ." said Moe, 
"because lit* gives away a lot of weight to Malone Mark plays a more physical type of gam e. and that’s what you have lo cid with Malone. Ile once grabbed 18 

Den tier wants 

H O U S T O N — M a c k U a lv in ’s llin h N o o n c o m e s T u e s d a y , when lie m ay lie headed Lack to the Milt* H igh City 

Calvin, waived bv the Spurs Friday, can he c la im e d a l le r Hic 48 h o u r waiting period is up (excluding week­ ends) al midday on Tuesday 
And tin* Denver Nuggets arc waiting for him 
"M ack wasn't playing." said Spur 
Coach Dong Moi1, "aud it was hurting him Si i s coming hack. and I didn t know if he'll ever get a chalice to play 
"There were other team s (Ital want­ ed him as fur as a trade, hut I didn t want him to go anywhere bul Denver. ll s Ins hest chance lo play 
"I know he can si 111 play Ile wants to do well so badly, tic was uptight, and I guess I made him even more uptight 
Denver's guard situation isn’t set. so lie might even la* able to start 
"ll was strictly lo help Mack out . . . we've lost out on Hic deal ’’ 
Calvin was traded to San Antonio in 

Birdie drouth 

PALM SPR IN G S, Calif. (A P ) - Rik 
M a s s e n g a le . the le a d e r all the w ay, shrugged off putting problems with a two- under-par 7(1 and retained a four-stroke lead over threatening Bruce Lietzke iii Friday's third round of the $2oo,ooo Bob Hope Desert 
Golf ( lassie. 

Masscngale putted for birdie on every hole, made only two of them and compiled a 54-hole total of 2o(1, an impressive 18 under par for three rounds, 
"I lilt the ball as well or better than I did the first two days." said M asscngale, a 3o-year-old Texan who opened this unique. 9o-hole, five-day event with 

✓ H o r n s c o u r s , /vig«- til 

 rounds of 84 and 88 "But I couldnt figure out the slope and the grain on the greens. The putts just wouldn't full." 
Lietzke. his closest pursuer with two rounds to go, also had a 7o and remained four buck at 2o4 Lietzke, like Masscngale. played at Berm uda Dunes, and, again like Masscngale. bad some problems with the putter. 
The hard-hitting Lietzke has won two tournam ents this season with his pow er off the Ie** and his cross-handed putting sty Ie Ile extended Ins siring to 
24 consecutive rounds iii which he has shot par or better but said the growing streak isn t adding pressure. 

GIRAUD FORD blast* f r o m M i n d t r o p during Friday action 
Af AWIfHQIQ 

TELEVISION 
% 
Saturday ll a.in. (Ch. t) — Ara Parseghian's 
Sports. 
Noon (Ch. 5) — C BS Youth Invita­ tional. Six top skateboarders between the ages of 13 and 17 are featured in three events. 
Noon (Ch 9) — (.rand Prix Tennis: 
The Springfield Tennis Classic, 
1:31 p.m. (Ch. ti — College Basket­ ball: Texas vs. Texas lech. 
2:3o p.i i i . (Ch. 12) —■ Pro Bowlers lour: I he $1oo,ooo Midas Open I rom the Expressway Lanes in New Orleans. 
3:3o p.m. (Ch. I) — Boh Mope Desert 
( lassie: Semifinals of 9o-hole tourney from Palm Springs, ( alif. 
3:3o p.m . (( h. I) — CBS Sports 
Spectacular; ligh tw eigh t champion 
Esteban De.lesus meets a leading con tender: World Two Man Bobsled 
( haiupionships I rom St. Moritz, Swit­ zerland. 
I p.m. (Ch. 12) — Wide World of 
Sports: I SSK Gymnasts, including OI ga Korbut, visit Notre Dame; World 
Barrel! Jumping ( haiupionships; Fi­ gure Eight stock Car ( haiupionships. ti p.iii. (( h. II) — Wrestling. 
7:3o p.m. (Ch. 9) — The Way ll Was. 
9 p.m. (Ch. ti) — Box de Mexico. 
1o:3o p.m. (Ch. f) — U.S. Olympic 
Invitational Track 
Sunday 
IP D a.m. (Ch ti) — Soccer. 
Noon (( h. t) — Grandstand 
12:3o p.in. (Ch. 4) — College Bas­ ketball: Michigan vs. Indiana. 
12:3o p iii. (( h 5) — Sunday with the 
Spurs. 
12:15 p m. (Ch 5) — NBA All-Star 
Game, 
I p.m. (( h. 9) — Grand Prix Tennis: 
Springfield Tennis ( lassie. Singles and 
Doubles Finals. 

1 p.m. (( h. 12) — The American 
Sportsman: William Shatner explores { one of the richest wildlife regions in j 
(he moutains of Iran, with particular interest in the mountain leopard, 

2 p m. (Ch, 12) — LLS, Boxing 
( haiupionships; Second quarterfinal card series ut elimination bouts to determine I .S. champs in all weight classes. 
2 p m . (Ch ti) — knockout; Boxing 
Highlights. 
2 3o p.m. (C h J) — Grandstand 
3 p in. (( h. I) — Boh Hope Desert 
(«oid ( lassie. I Anal Round 
3 3o p m. (( h 12) - Wide World of 
Sports: W om en’s M asters Surfing 
(haiupionships. W international Drag 
Racing (haiupionships; World Speed 
Skiing ( haiupionships 
RADIO 
Saturdav 
1 11 p ill (HOAL 12oo) - ( allege 
Basketball: texas lech vs. Texas. 
2:25 p i i i . (KW ED I M. I ii !) — I el lege Basketball Texas l utheran vs. 
Last lr VAS Baptist 

 the Smallest Stereo Sale, from the Smallest Stereo 
Discounter in San Antonio, 
DISCOUNT 
STEREO! 

FISHER XP-57 

4 g 
8 
8 

2 - w a y 
S * u t h o 
Standard Speaker 
LAYAW AY OR CHARGE_IT1_ 

 p io N ii^ T R A C K ^ H 

A - i t o Top* Player w/SliAi 
Control*, Model TP-252.......1 
PIONEER SUPERTUNlB 
•-Truck FU Star en, loudness 
Control,Muring. Modal TP-9oo 
PIONEER SUPERTUNIRl 
CASSET FU Stereo. What A Vnluol 
Model 

The Demand Speaker 
UTAH 
DX-12o 
5 Year 
Warranty 
On Parts 
And Labor! 

D o 
- 

 a v § j j o 
* a r - 

 w 

6o W att!*159. 

• • O A • 9 O o a o * • • 

 o o e * * e o e * e e e e e e * 

SUPER 
SPEAKER 
DEALS 
TODAY 
O NLYI 

$6o ADC 
CARTRIDGE 
INCLUDED! 

"Studio Standard’ 
FISHER 812o 
8-TRACK PLAY/RICO RD 
RD 1o33 KENWOOD 
HIT DttVI/MAMUAl 

KENWOOD KR-26oo 
A M - F M R E C E IV E R , I 5 
WATTS RMS PER CHANNEL 

* 9 9 . 
* 1 5 9 . 7 7 

L A Y A W A Y 

6474 SAM H D g O n u t to Mila m u) 
o 3 4 - 7 1 9 6 

MARMO* P i k l k 

I W arier y Or Mr et W eth er A I # 
, 6 7 4 - 7 6 3 3 

MARSACK 
PUZA 
OHM 
SUNDAY 

TERMS 

Spurs triumph 

X 
B 
I 
-------------- 
S ta n d in g s 

Continued from Page IU 

 offensive rebounds against us a couple of years ago.” 
The Spurs shot 57 per cent in the first quarter, and led. 31-27, going into the second. Their shooting pace slowed in the second, and only a 35-foot running 

The first & the only New CB’s with a full warranty for as long as you own your car! 
LAFAYETTE RADIO AS!,°ocit TE 

M AJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED 
OPEN 9-6 MON.-SAT. 
THURS. TIL 9 
6828 SAN PEDRO 
824-o561 

 two-hander by Mike Gale at the buzzer tied it. 51-51. 
The instant replay on the Summit wall showed the shot should not have been allowed, but that was in slow motion. The human eye would have had a hard time picking it up. 
The Spurs went to the 1-4 offense 

Bulls hook 

CHICAGO 
(A P ) 
- 
Wilbur Holland scored 26 points and Artis Gilmore added 25 Friday night to pace the Chicago Bulls to a 11o-92 National Basket­ ball Association victory over the New Orleans 

.I A TI 
Chicago led 26-19 after the first quarter and held the lead all the way, ex­ cept for a brief period in the second quarter. 

N EW O R L E A N S (92) 
Behaocn 
J (TO 6, Coleman 2 I I S. Kelley 4 
1 2 9, M iE lro v ll 3 3 25. W alker o 
2 2 2, W illiam * 13 4 5 3o, Stallworth 
3 12 2, Griffin 2 2 3 6, Moore I o o 
2, Jam es OO OO Totals 39 14 18 92 

C H IC A G O (H O ): Pondextcr 3 
o o 6, M ay 7 3 2 12, Gilm ore 113 5 
25, Holland 12 2 2 26. Von Lier 2 o o 
4, Hicks 3 o o 6, Bocrwinkle 2o o4, 
Mengelt 6 6 2 18, M arin 1 2 2 4, 
Kropp o o o o. Totals 42 16 23 HO. 
New Orleans 
19 28 24 21—92 

Chicago 
26 24 3o 3o— 11o 

 fo u le d out —C o le m an . S ta ll worth. Total fouls—New Orleans 
25, 
C h ic a g o 
23 
Technical—Coleman, 
Moore 
A —1o,224. 

☆ 
North Star Mall 
RODEO T IM E ! 

☆ 

HOO—WEE! Don't ya dare missthisopportunity to meet, in person, August's Penthouse Pet, Rhiana 
Post, on Sat., Feb. 12 at noon till 5:oop.m. She'll be passin' out her autographed pictures to all you nice folks who ride out to North Star Mall to meet her and say a friendly "hello." 
And take time out of your Friday and Saturday shopping at the Mall to watch thedarin'gunslingers at 1:3o, 2:3o, and 3:3o. Listen to Tooter Ripps and the Branded Men as they tickle yer eardrums with their real fine music Sat. at noon till 5:oo p.m. 
There's still time to register at the Mall to win that 3oo pounds of quality beef, but 
+ hurry...the drawin'is Saturday, 
^ n m 
Feb. 12 at 4:oo p.m.! 
Saddle up S move 
*em out to North 
Star Mall! 

 three times at the end. and Gervin Kink advantage of his three-inch height ad­ vantage over Rocket guard Mike Now­ lin. 
“ I kept trying to jump over him.” said Ice. “ But he’s so strong, he kept bumping me. He just lays on you.” 
Murphy, quicker than an “ I do” at a shotgun wedding, drove and shot for 3o points and seven assists. ‘‘He kept them in the game,” said Moo. 
Allan Bristow, back on the bench for the second game, stepped up the San 
Antonio pace in the first half, scoring 
13 points. 

Good job 

“ He did a good job,” said Moo. “ I would’ve played him more in the se­ cond half, but I was afraid of the board situation.” 
Bristow finished with 13 points. 
” 1 felt like I was playing my game,” said Bristow, ‘‘not worrying about what happens. Maybe I helped change the tempo off the bench.” 
Eight straight points in the third by 
San Antonio opened the margin that would finally start to wilt at the end. 
Larry Kenon hit a jumper from the lane, Gervin followed with oho of his now-you-see-it-now-you-don’t layups. 
Olberding banged one home from the baseline, and Gervin came back with a 
15-footer. 
The result was a 73-64 lead with 4:19 left in the third. 
The shooting of Murphy, who scored lh in the final quarter, was primarily responsible for the late Houston resurgence. 

B illy Fault/ and Kevin Kunnert bumped more than once in the battle of the pivot. ‘‘Whopper’s” mobility edge allowed him to outscore the Rocket center. 15-8. 

“ Houston is tough inside defensive­ ly.” said Fault/. ‘‘We didn t get a whole lot of inside shots, hut we were good from outside. 

“ They go over your back quite a bit, and I think the ref might call it a little closer in San Antonio. It'll be a little different story. 
As long as the ending remains the same, Moe might have added. 

San Antonio 1o7) 
Min. ta tao it Ma reb 
Of at* 

K mon 
4o 
6 ll 
2 7 
8 
3 
14 
Olberdmg 
JO 
7 IO 
5 6 
3 
3 
19 
Poult* 
43 
6 17 
3 4 
8 
3 
15 
Gale 
44 
3 13 
OO 
4 
2 
IO 
Gervin 
35 
IO 7o 
9 IO 
6 
4 
29 
Bristow 
18 
5 7 
3 3 
I 
7 
13 
Dumpier 
13 
2 3 
o o 
o 
o 
4 
Dietrich 
I) 
I 2 
I 7 
2 
4 
3 
Silas 
4 
o3 
oo 
I 
o 
o 

TO TALS 
IO 
42 84 
23 27 
3) 
21 
1o7 

Houston ( 1o4) 
Min la tao tt Ma reb at pt* 

Mo lone 
43 
IO 19 
J 3 
18 
3 
73 
Tomianovich 
38 
8 19 
oo 
8 
3 
16 
Kunnert 
J8 
4 14 
oo 
17 
8 
4 
M urphy 
38 
15 76 
oo 
6 
6 
3o 
Nowlin 
25 
4 14 
2 3 
4 
3 
IO 
Locos 
17 
2 I 
oo 
3 
7 
4 
Jones 
6 
o o 
oo 
I 
2 
o 
Johnson 
9 
o I 
o o 
I 
I 
o 
Rntlett 
13 
) 6 
oo 
7 
I 
6 
Owens 
9 
>) 
I 2 
2 
I 
7 
White 
5 
OO 
oo 
o 
o 
o 

TO TALS 
24o 
49-11o 
6-1o 
57 
24 
1o4 

San Antonio l l 
2o 
12 
24 -1o7 
Houston 
27 
24 
22 ll -1o4 

A SSIST S 
Kenon 3. Olberdmg 2. Poult* 3. Goie 2, 
Gervin J. Bristow I. Dumpier 2. O r r ic k I: M alone 
2. Tomianovich 2, Kunner* I. M urphy 2. Newlin 3, 
Loros 2. Johnson 3. RatieTf 3. 

S T E A L S : Kenon I, Olberdmg I. G ale 2. G e rvin I. 
Bristow I; M alone I. Tom tanovich I, K unn ert 2, 
Murpny 2 

T U R N O V E R S : Son Antonio 2o. Houston 19 
B L O C K E D SH O TS: Kenon I. G e rvin 2. Kunnert I, 
Malone 2 

A T T E N D A N C E: 8.411. 
O F F IC IA L S : O Donnell and Roonev 
WILD TINDALL 
SAN ANTONIO S OLDEST PONTIAC-GMC TRUCK DEALER 
S 
I 
S h 

DEMO S— EXTENDED WARRANTIES 

W C M T I I D A 4 
Sedan all pawer & an. 
/ O VCIN I UKM VB, tinted glass moidma* aute* matt* Stock No 13o8 
WAS $47o5 ‘3995 
/ 77 c* DA Kin DDI Y h Special paint, Landau 
/ / w R n l l l / I I L I A top, automatic oe, tally package cruise centre!, lamp group, tilt steering wheel, power leeks. AM EM Stereo, l-track tape player moulding group V Stock Ne S34 WAS $§365 
'77 GRAND SAFARI windows, seats and deer leeks bumper guards cus­ tom trim group, moldings: Stock No 837 WAS S8837 
77 GRAND LEMANS 
AM IM Stereo. 8-tcack tape player, lamp group, bumper guards,, bucket seats. V I Stock Ne 573 

BONNEVILLE 

.. 
WAS $6737 

Brougham 3-deer coupe All power A err, automatic; 

‘7195 

‘7295 

5795 

 power windows-A door locks, lilt steering wheel 
U f A f 
4oo VA Stock Ne 445 ...... 
WAS $7763 
o J T J 

 bonneville X“ihr,rr.rt£ ,.r power w .tdews A locks; bumper guards, gauges moldings stereo radio till steering wheel Sleek Ne 
\AAf\C 
35i 
......;........... 
..Z w as S i m 
O u t J 
‘6695 

 f t P A N H P R I Y l J 
' e * o11 p o in t, ell 
V / i V n i l U I ( V IA power A on power win­ dows. seats and door locks landau top rib steering wheel, cruise control, mag wheel*. AM fM stereo 
Stock No IOO 
V G *, WAS I i lf ? 

TRUCK-DEMOS, EXTENDED WARRANTIES 

7 7 
KA^ 
' bn dual rear wheels all power A arr, 
/ / 
V 7 m \ u 
Sierra Grande equipped auxiliary fuel tank, 454 engine eye line mirrors, 7 5ox16 tires, gauges special camper equipment Stock No 
139 SJL O D C 
WAS $< 139 O O T J 

7 7 r* KAS* l| **n' *or,9 "vide body regular fuel en- 
/ / 
V i Y l V gin* automatic all power A air, Hi $ C C Q C 
Sierra equipped 35o V I Stock No 29o WAS S6SIo 
J J T 
J 
7 7 1 D Al I V CT Y 
1*ton Von All power A ort. 
/ / KALL I O I A cruise control, 35o V t, tilt steering wheel. AM FM radio with auxiliary speak- l / A A C ors guugues, Sleek Ne 83 
WAS $8o44 U T T J 

7 7 C* kkr* * **" rear wheels all power A arr 
/ / 
V m V * 45o engine with auxiliary fuel tanks, step bumper -penal paint, gauges camper equipment, $ 7 D O C 
Hi Sierra equipped Stock No 
386 
WAS $8679 
/ V r J 
NEW TRUCKS 

7 7 
W A K l 
Auxiliary seat, tinted glass, air cendi* 
/ / V MIM 
Honed, eye-line mirrors front stabihier. l y l C Q C gauges standard 6 Stock Ne 775 
WAS $$$227 
4 3 7 J 

’7 7 
P J y j r 1 Cobin*4hassts. dual rear wheels all 
/ / 
V l Y l V . power A OM 4 speed bent stabiliser 3 tone paint Siena Grande equipped Stock Ne 478 J C C T C 
WAS $6877 
J J / J 

...... ,..’6995 , 
CATALINA til?*" mil^rn,' *od!e SC AQ I 
77 GMC gauges eye I n . min ors ^«t»» «Jwtv SC^QC with rear speaker Slock No 114 . 
WAS $6491 
J A / I 
■ springs Stock No 77 J 
WAS $661/ u O T J 

WAS $6877 

7 7 
C kA T 
Jim m y 4 wheel drive 
Rear seat, all 
I 
/ / 
V j l V l V power A air, 35o V t mag wheels 
J L O O C 
AM FM radio gouges 7 tone paint 
WA$$743! 
OO 7 J 

EASTERN CO NFERENCE 
Atlantic Division 
Philadelphia 
33 2o 
.623 
— 
Boston 
26 27 
.491 
7 
New York Knicks 
24 29 
.453 
9 
Buffalo 
19 33 
365 13’ 2 
New York Nets 
17 36 
.321 16 
Central Division 
Washington 
3o 22 
577 
— 
Houston 
29 23 
.558 
I 
Cleveland 
28 24 
.538 
2 
San Antonio 
29 25 
.537 
2 
New Orleans 
24 3o 
.444 
7 
Atlanta 
22 34 
.393 IO 
W ESTERN CO NFERENCE 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
34 19 .642 
— 
Detroit 
32 23 
.582 
3 
Kansas City 
28 28 .5oo 
7Vfe 
Indiana 
25 3o 
.453 lo 
Chicago 
23 32 
.418 12 
Milwaukee 
17 42 
.288 2o 
Pacific Division 
Los Angeles 
35 19 
.648 
— 
Portland 
35 21 
.625 
I 
Golden State 
3o 24 
.556 
5 
Seattle 
29 26 .527 
6Vfe 
Phoenix 
25 27 
.481 
9 
Thursday’s Games 
C leveland 116, Indiana 1o1 
Washington 1o9, Phoenix 1o3 
Milwaukee 112, Kansas City 1o2 
Golden State 114, Denver 1o1 
Friday’s Games 
Boston 119, New York Knieks IU 
Buffalo 96, New York Nets 94 
Philadelphia 118, Indiana 1o9 
Dertoit 1o1, Cleveland 94 
Chicago HO. New Orleans 92 
San Antonio 1o7, Houston IGI 
Kansas City 12o, Washington 1o6 
Los Angeles 117, Denver 1o9 
Atlanta 128, Portland 1o8 
Seattle 114, Golden State 1o7 
Saturday’s Games 
No games scheduled 
Celtics win 
BOSTON (A P) - The Boston Cel­ tics, playing without injured center 
Dave Cowens, rallied behind John 
Havlicek in the final period Friday night for a 119-111 National Basketball 
Association victory over the New York 
Knicks. 
Cowens was forced to retire midway through the second period with “ a sacroiliac sprain in his lower back,” but the Celtics managed a 63-53 lead at halftime. 
The Knicks came back to go in front 
88-86 after three periods and padded the lead to 96-9o before the Celtics rallied, with Havlicek moving up front and reserve Kevin Stacom playing in the backcourt with Jo Jo White. 
Stacom, Sidney Wicks, Curtis Rowe and White enabled Boston to pull into a 
98-98 tie with 5:25 left. Walt Frazier cashed a technical foul shot to give 
New York its last lead before the 
Celtics took command. 

Havlicek finished with 25 points, 
Wicks 21, White 2o and Stacom and 
Rowe 12 each. New York’s Bob McA­ doo took game honors with 31, followed by Frazier and Dennis Layton with 22 apiece. 

N E W Y O R K K N IC K S C ill) : M c M illa n 2 o o 4. 
M cMiilen SOO IO. McAdoo 12 7 7 J) , Fra z ie r 9 4 S 22. 
Monroe 2 o 2 4. Layton ti OO 22, Brodtev I OO 2. 
Shelton 6 oo 12. Jackson o o o o, B o rd en 1 o o 2. 
M em iliger o oo o. Beard I o^o 2. Totals SO 1114 111 

BO STON (119): Saunders 5 2 2 12. Row e 6 o o 12. 
Cowens o OO o. Wnite 8 4 S 2o, H avlicek ll J S 2S, 
Wicks 9S 7 23, Stacom S 2 2 12. Wilson oo oo. Boswell 
I OO 2. Kuberskl ? 5 6 9, Ard 2 BO 4 Totals 49 21 27 
I 19 
New York 
25 78 IS 23— 111 

Boston 
34 29 23 33— 119 

Fouled out—Shelton 
Total to u ts-N ew York 24. 
Boston 18. Technical lout—Boston Coach Heinsohn. 
A — I S.o4o 

Braves roll 

U N IO N D A LE, 
N Y . 
(A P) — Randy Smith’s 
22-foot jump shot with two seconds remaining gave Buffalo a 96-94 vie* tory over the New York 
Nets in a National Bas­ ketball Association game 
Friday night, ending the 
Braves mne-game road losing streak. 
Smith’s winning shot broke a 94-94 deadlock and came after the Nets had rallied for six straight points and tied the score on Jim Fox’ two free throws with 24 se­ conds left 
After Fox’ foul shots, the Braves called timeout and set up a final shot. and Smith hit it, giving him 2o points for the game. Rookie Adrian huntley was high fur 
Buffalo with 21 points and John Shumate added 
18. 

B U F F A L O <9*1: Shum ote 3 
8 12 ll. Oonftey 6 9 ll 21. John son o OO o, Smith 9 2 5 7o. Dt 
Greoono S M IO, Adorn, 1 4 4 6, 
Gerord 4 M 8. A verill o oo o. 
Gloried! 3 2 2 8. W illiam * I 12 S. 
Total* JS 26 16 96 

N E W Y O R K N E T S v94>: Van 
Breda Kottf 5 I 7 ll. Bassett 3 2 I 
12, Monde* I OO 2. Wont 2 17 5. 
Skinner 4 3 3 ll. Hawkins 9 7 IO 
25, Banlom 8 8 « 24. Fox 12 2 4 
Total* 35 24 31 94 
Buffalo 
28 21 22 27-9* 

New York Nets 
17 24 3o 23-94 

Fouled aul — S k in n e r Ba**e ii, 
H ooh es Total tool* 
—Butiaio 33. 
N ew 
Y o rk l l . 
Technical*—Jonn*on A —6.663. 

76t‘r* roar 

‘PH ILA D ELPH IA (A P) 
-Four clutch baskets by 
Ju liu s Erving and a three-point play by 
George 
McGinnis stopped a torrid Indiana rally and gave the Phila­ delphia 76ers a 118-1o9 victory over the Pacers 
Friday night tn a Nation­ al Basketball Association game 
The 76ers increased their lead to 24 points twice in the th»**d period, the last at 91-67 with 1:41 left iii the quarter 

D a n C o o k 

Taking a nice spin without leaving 

It was a strange interview and somewhere near the end I asked the wrong question. For the better part of an hour Evelyn Stevens 
Sardine had provided good answers to some not-so-good questions. 
The attractive blonde talked freely of her career, her injuries, the good times and the bad. 
Evelyn could pass for a model, which is good. She has worked as a model. She could easily pass as a cocktail waitress. Good again, because she does that to keep busy in her spare time. 

It’s most unlikely, however, that you’d pick her out as a lady wrestler. 
But that’s her bag and it has been for 
15 years, ever since she was a teenager. 
Evelyn is 5-4, weighs 145 pounds but looks lighter. She’s as solid as a pool table without pockets. After explaining that her favorite ring weapons are a 
“ sunset flip” and an ‘‘airplane spin” I asked if it isn’t difficult for her to get some of those beefier ladies high on her shoulders. 
“ Oh no, I ve put some women who weigh 19o into an airplane spin. It’s no problem,” she answered. 

Then came my stupid question. The 

 notion hit me that it might add a bit of flavor to this report if I could tell how 
Evelyn picked me up. For the records, 
I'm 6-1 and 2o5. So help me, I didn't want to strain the lady but in the in­ terest of honest reporting I thought it would be nice if she just lifted me off the ground a few inches and then I could feel comfortable in telling of her super strength. My question was, 
‘‘since an airplane spin is your favorite hold do you think you could lift me?” 

Evelyn put aside her purse, unbut­ toned her jacket and said, ‘‘stand right over there, please.” 
“ Now don’t strain yourself, ma’am. 
Just a little hit will do nicely.” On the square, all I expected was a grip ar­ ound the gut or chest and then a little lift that might get my feet a few inches off the floor. That’s all. But Evelyn didn’t seem to understand. 

As I stood there in the center of my 

 office floor, feeling slightly silly, the blonde came at me with a thin smile. 
Suddenly, in one swift move, her right hand slipped past my crotch, her shoulder dug into my stomach and her left hand jerked my neck down. In an instant I was five feet off the floor, parallel with the ceiling and the floor. 
Then, you guessed it. the airplane spin started. 

We gathered speed. At least I did. 
The second time around my eye fo­ cused on the pointed edge of a eoffee- maker that sits in the corner of my office. Oil Lord, don’t let me fall on that thing and get all busted up. No- 
Ixidy will ever believe what this blonde lady and I were doing alone in my office. 

My head swirled closer to the 

 coffee-maker the fourth or fifth time around and I began to plead. “ That'a wonderful, ma'am, but don't hurt yourself. I’ve got the idea.” 

Evelyn put me down after half a do­ zen spins. Her high heels were begin­ ning to wobble a bit. Let’s hear five cheers for those high heels, gang. I staggered back to my chair and ty­ pewriter. The interview was over. 
Some lost teeth 

Evelyn estimates that she s engaged iii well over 2.ooo professional bouts all over the world. She’s wrestled in Ja ­ pan. Australia, New Zealand. Canada and just about every American city with a population of over 5o,ooo 

She s paid the price, too. In l%9 she 

 lost four front teeth in a bout with 
Kathy Starr in Albuquerque. She also got a broken nose in Albuquerque and 

EN FLYN STEVEN S JA R D IN E 

 some busted ribs in Hawaii. But doc­ tors and dentists have done well by her and. generally speaking, Evelyn keeps her body in excellent shape. She’s a health food nut, runs, jogs, swims and rides a bike every week. 

She doesn t drink or smoke, either, but w hile preparing a return to the mat wars Evelyn works in a nice gin mill here in San Antonio. “ I felt like I a needed a rest and I wanted to spend more time w ith my daughter,” Evelyn explained. And then she added, “ but we should all keep busy doing someth­ ing.” 
Scotty’s surprise 

All this will come as a surprise to 
Scotty Young, operator of the Knights of Olde on Blanco Road. Mr. Young, once an outstanding athlete himself, doesn’t know that one of his waitresses is capable of tossing him out the front door on his ear. 

Evelyn hasn't told anyone at the club 

 that she’s a lady wrestler. "You get too much unnecessary ribbing and too many customers want to ask too many questions. It makes it difficult to han­ dle the job.” she explained. But since she plans on wrestling on her nights off in the near future she consented to this inter) lew. 

Those who drop by Scotty’s watering hole might be wise not to ask the blonde waitress too many questions. 
Above all. don’t ask if pro wrestling really is on the level. 
You just might become an automatic favorite to get a high view of bef airplane spin. She says it lasts ‘‘muck longer” when she doesn’t have on her high heels. But then, it tends to muss her hair a bit. 
I was lucky. Not only was she wear­ ing high heeds for our visit but she had lust come from having her hair fixed. 
Anyway, six times around is more than enough to convince most folks. I was conv inced 15 seconds after leaving my feet. 

Calvin awaits 
Denver’s call 

‘7o95 

I 9 4 5 
I N D I A N A < 189) 
VV JOH* 
2 k muni ll a i t 31, Rout 
CHI IO, Bu** 2 o o 4. William son 
4 I 7 IO. B o tu lin 6 3 4 )3. Bennett 
o OO o Hillm an I 12 17. f t , nu o 
BO o Total* 43 IV 24 IOO 
P H I L A D E L P H I A ( t i l t l l s my 12 J 5 27, M tG 'n m * * 4 7 I*. 
C Jan ** 2 ) 4 5 , H'oc* J ! J 3. 
F ry * * 5 ) 17. Collins V J 4 .o 
M n 4 8V I*, uawfcin* 3 2 4 12 totals 48 J* 4o It# 
38 18 M 36-189 
21 17 l l 28-118 
Hou>«|tt«m fatal 
2V 
P*««4aio*<ia t#ui»- monad 
} l ftltMMOU - A 
Coati I Hanoia till 

November from the Los Angeles 
Lakers for a No. I draft choice and future considerations. 
Milwaukee will get the first shot at 
Calvin because they have the worst record In tile league But the Nuggets have called around the league, and are hopeful Calvin will still be available when it is their turn to pick 
“ I’m not sad about it,” said Calvin. 
“ I saw the situation coming. After be­ ing a starter for seven years, it has been hard playing 15 or 2o minutes. 
And recently I haven't played at all 

“ lf I can go to a team like Denver or 
Boston — a winning situation — PII go. 
PII retire before going to a place like 
Buffalo or Atlanta, though. 
**I know my contract was a matter of concern Maybe Angelo Drongos felt they couldn't afford me with the price of the merger and all 

Calvin is making slightly upwards of 
915o,ooo a season If, for some reason, he was not picked up. the Spurs would have to pay his salary for the rest of the >eur. 
No pressure 

“ There’s no pressure on me.” ex­ plained Calvin. " I just have to wail and see what happens Tuesday Pin going to pick up my family and go out to Los 
Angeles for a couple of days. 
” Pve finally reached the maturity 

 when I can take these things in strid* 
But how can they waive a player Ilk me” I know I can play.” 
The action reduced tin* Spurs’ roste to ll. and relieved some of the eon gestion at guard. There are now fiv true guards, but two of them — Jame 
Silas and George Karl — are not clos to total effectiveness since knee ope! ations earlier in the season 
“ It could possibly leave us a Intl thin at guard.” said Moe. hut we eoul use Henry (Ward) if there iii an emei gency. 
Too close 

" I was too close to [flack, and I was a him too much.” 
“ Pm close to Doug,” said Calvin who played under Moe and Larr 
Brown at Carolina and Denver. “ lei 
Mike (Gale) and Louie (Dumpier) ar playing well, so you don’t want t break up a good combination.” 
The Nuggets traded Calvin to Vu gtnia iii a deal which gave them th rights to David Thompson, 
** Pm sorry the people in Sun Ai fonio didn t see the real Mack Cllvtt except when I was in the ABA. 
“ Between the stomach problem an getting shuffled around, I haven played any real basketball this sci son 
The little man with the abundance < intensity was looking forward to a ne beginning , , . calmly 

B> J E F F GKOSSM V 

TINDALL and SON PONTIAC-GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO 
A 
OUN eve NINOS 
* 736-1561 

I ft 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday February I 2 1977 

Philadelphia 
N Y . 
Islanders 
Atlanta 
N Y . 
Rangers 

H o t k e y 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
Patrick Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
78 
72 
59 
53 

( lO lf 
H a m l i n 11 

 st. 
Louis 
Chicago 
Colorado 
Minnesota 
Vancouver 

Montreal 
Pittsburgh 
Los 
Angeles 
Washington 
Detroit 

33 
IO 
12 
32 
15 
8 
24 
2o ll 
2o 
24 
13 
Sm ythe Division 
23 
26 6 
5 
19 
27 IO 
J 
17 
3o 9 
-I 
13 
29 12 
3 
'6 
35 6 
3 
W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
Norris Division 
4o 
7 9 
24 
23 9 
19 
25 ll 
16 
31 IO 
15 
32 6 
Adams Division 
32 
18 6 
31 
17 6 
26 
21 7 
18 
28 9 
Thursday s Gam es 
New York Rangers 5, Detroit 4 
Philadelphia 9, Washington 2 
Buffalo 4, Boston 3 
Frid ay s Gam es 
Cleveland 3, Colorado o 
Vancouver 3, Pittsburgh 2 
Saturday's Gam es 
Philadelphia a1 New York Islanders 
Washington at Toronto 
Boston at Montreal 
Colorado at Chicago 
Detroit at Minnesota 
Atlanta at St. Louis 
Pittsburgh at Los Angeles 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A SSO C IA TIO N 
Eastern Division 

G F 
GA 
221 
151 
194 
138 
184 
179 
198 
2o4 

M IA M I (A P ) — First round scores F rid a y in the 
55o.ooo Ladies Professional Got! Association tour noment being ployed on the oar 36 36 — 72, 6.25o yard 
Kendale Lakes Country Club course. 

Boston 
Buffalo 
Toronto 
Cleveland 

89 
57 
49 
42 
36 

7o 
68 
59 
45 

164 
192 
175 
196 
168 
2o7 
161 
219 
156 
221 ‘ 

268 
128 
175 
178 
178 
18o 
154 
22o 

212 
176 
194 
153 
2o1 
177 
164 
194 

Kathy Whitworth 
Debbie Austin 
Susan Downer 
Sandra Post 
Jud y Rankin 
Jon Stephenson 
Jan e Blalock 
Kathy McMullen 
M ary Mills 
Sandra Palm er 
Roberta Albers Speer 
Sylvia Bertolaccini janet Coles 
Clifford Ann Creed 
Patty Haves 
Pam Hiqgms 
Jud y Kimball 
Beverly Kloss 
Catnv Mont 
Pot M eyers 

32 36-68 
34 36-7o 
34 36-7o 
37 33- 7o 
35 35-/o 
36 34- 7o 
37-34-71 
36 35 -71 
38 33-71 
35 36-/1 
34 37-71 
35 37- 72 
33 39-72 
35 37-72 
35-37-72 
35-37- 72 
37 35- 77 
37-35-73 
36 36 
77 
36-36-72 

W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 
Quebec ll 
19 
I 
67 
237 
191 indianapolis 
25 
24 
6 
56 
184 
2o3 
C mcinnati 
76 
25 
7 
54 
236 
196 
New 
England 
21 
31 
6 
48 
19o 
211 
Birm ingham 
21 
34 
I 
43 
19o 
217 
« Minnesota 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 
129 
Western Division 
Houston 
JO 
17 
6 bl 
197 
155 
San 
Diego 
31 
22 
2 bi 
19o 
185 
Winnipeg 
29 
2? 
I 
59 
744 
192 
Phoenix 
72 
3o 
2 
46 
191 
746 
Edmonton ll 
31 
2 
46 
15o 
2o3 
Calgary 
21 
27 
4 
46 
166 
177 
* franchise disbanded 
Thursday's Gam es 
New england 6, Winnepeg J 
Frid ay's Gam es 
Cincinnati 4. Winnipeg o 
Quebec 5, Indianapolis I 
San Diego 5. Phoenix 3 
Calgary 3, fcdmonton I 
Saturday s Gam es 
Indianapolis at New england 
Quebec at Houston 
Birm ingham at San Diego 

SA ISD IN V IT . 
Team 
Midland Lee 3o9. Alam o Heights 
HO. 
Churchill JI I. Sun M arcos 311 
M edalist 
Tom 
G arcia ill 
M cCollum , 73; G a ry P a yn e , Alam o 
Heights 73, Devin Cochran. Churchill, 73. Bu cky 
Smith. San Marcos. 73 

C A R P E N T E R S 
Carpenter s Course will hold its w eekly pro urn 
Saturday 
En try deadline is 2 p.m. l l o r M * H a r i n g 

LO U IS IA N A D O W N S: 
Feature 
Run To The 
Sun ($17.8o), Pin eh u rst Pick . D P .'s Best. 6 . furlongs in 1:21 
G U L F S T R E A M : 
Feature — M ic h a e ls C harac 
'SIO.4o), Jo h n Washington, Fam e Intern ational 
1116 miles in I : 44 
O A K L A W N P A R K : 
$23,oooo M ountain V alley 
Handicap - United Home ($33 8o). J. J. Battle. 
Nervous Position. 6 furlongs in 1 11 35. 
A Q U ED U C T . 
Feature - Su sie s ($8 2o), Shy 
Down, Beyond Reasoning Six furlongs in 1:1o 4 5. 

G A R D E N S T A T E : 
Featu re 
Two Gun Sis 
($1o IO). F lic k e rin g Sta r, R o ia B a n d e ra . Six furlongs in I 13 4 5 
B O W IE : 
$7,ooo Kensington Pu rse 
Northern 
Match 
($7 oo), Betwixt, Not Young. Seven furlongs in 
1.25 3 5. 
O A K LA W N : 
Feature — Ruby G entry ($18 6o). 
Someone Nice, Scotia B. F iv e and one half tut tangs in I OY 2 5 
T r a i l s a r i i o n s 

C O L L E G E F O O T B A L L 
S O U T H W E S T T E X A S : 
Signed q u a rte rb a c k 
O leo Hamilton of Killeen, tackle Rob E rw in of 
Gatesville, and linebacker tight end M ike Isaac cl Leander to pre enrollment agreem ents 
T E X A S ASH: 
Signed fullback • punter B illy 
Granger of Zapata and tackle B ria n G ran e r ol 
Killeen lo pre enrollment agreem ents. 
Hob Hope golf whores 

 p a l m S P R IN G S . Cauf. (A P ) q8 third round scores Frid ay in the 
oo,ooo B od H op e D e s e rt G o lf 
C lassie (par 72) 
Rik Mcissengoie 
64 66 7o —2oo 
Bruce LietZke 
6/ 67 7o-2o4 
Gay Brewer 
72 67 66 2o5 
Hubert Green 
69 68 69 —?o6 
Wally Armstrong 
69 67 / I— 2o7 
Roo Corr udo 
7o 68 7o—2o8 

TOKYO 
HOUSE 
MASSAGE 
THIS f MONTH’S 
& SPECIAL 
Vt PRICE 

MASSAGE 

FREE S A U N A " 
W ITH M A SSA G E 
7 3 2 -3 3 6 1 
4218 BLANCO RD. 

Rnqr^t, Malibu- 
7o l l 67- 2o9 
Bob Shearer 
69 7! 67--2o9 
G ary Plover 
7o-71 68--2o9 
Aion Tutee 
67 7o 72--2o9 
Leu Eider 
72 69 69--71o 
Mike M orley 
7o 72-68--71o 
Arnold Palm er 
73 68 69--21o 
Lou Graham 
77 69 /o -211 
G rier Jones 
74 68 69 --211 
Dave Hill 
71 63 I l - -211 
Charles Coodv 
IOIO f i ­-711 
Mark Lye l l l l bt - 711 
Art Won l l l l 68--71? 
Goor go Calili 
71 7o 71 -71? 
B a rry J o e lkel 
69 7? 71 -21? 
Andy Bean 
71 75 67- 213 
John Lister 
7! 69 l l 
? 13 
Je rry Mc Gee 
IO 69 /4 
213 
Billy Casper 
71-71 71 - ?i 3 
Paul Moron 
71 67 75 -713 
B oddv Watzei 
>2 I i b i ­-213 
M arty Fieckm an ti IO ti­-213 
Peter Oostorhuis l l IO Ii 
Dale Hayes l l 68 6b -213 
John Schrocder l l 7o 71 --213 
Jim Wiec her s 
71 68 ti­-.>14 
JOO Inman l l 71-73--7 14 
Dwight Nevil 
7o 76 68--214 
Howard T a iffy 
71 72 V I ­-214 
G ary McCord 
ZI 74 69 -214 
Doug Tcweii 
73 7o 71--214 
Gene Littler 
71 71 /?--214 
Lanny Woefully 
69 73/2--214 
Sieve Meinyk 
69 7o 75--714 
Jim Simons 
7o 73 71 -214 
Bob Gilder 
73 ll lo­-215 
Mike McCullough ll 71-71--715 
Mike Reid 
77 73 7o -215 
Jack Newton 
7 ? 69 71 -715 
KikuO Aral 
Ii Ii to­-215 
Tom Purtzer l l b i IO -215 
Ja y Haas ll ll ti­-215 
Lvn Loft l l n u 
­-216 
John Schiee ll IS 6 9 --216 
Bud Aum 
75 ll 69--216 
Frank Beard 
7o lb 1o--216 
Jim Colbert 
71 75 7o--216 
BHI Rogers 
74 Ii 71--216 

GUN SHOW 

PRESENTED BY THE 

ALAMO ARMS COLLECTORS ASSN. 

FEBRUARY 12 & 13, 1977 
AT THE MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM BASEMENT 

O PENS AT 9:oo A.M . EACH D A Y 
COLLECTORS A N D DEALERS FRO M ALL 
OVER TEXAS. 

A D M IS S IO N $ I .O O 
D O N T M ISS ITI 

 f uz/v Zocher 
Vie Reqaiado 
Gory Groh 
Tom Nieporte 
J C Snead 
Tomrnv Aaron 
Gil Morgan 
C e s a rSonudo 
Monty Kaser 
Mac McLendon 
Mike Peosor 
Jack Ewing 
Pete B own 
Terry Wilcox 
Oi Ville Moody 
Bob Rosburg 
Allen Miller 
Greg Powers 
T om K dc 
Jeff Howe > 
L lone! Hebert 
Forrest Fe lle r 
Bill Ogden 
Je rry Heard 
Bob Murphy 
Dale Douglass 
Bill Cadee 
Don M essen ger 
Paul H om ey 
Rex Caldwell 
Miller Borger 
Don Bies 
Rod Funsetn 
G ary Dowen 
Vie M artin 
Bob Goaibv 
Je r ry Barber 
Johnny goutier 
Dow Fm sterwaid 
Dave Stockton 
Bobby Wadkins 
M orns Hatalskv 
Leonard Thompson 
Al Brooks 
Graham M arsh 
Kerm it Zarlev 
Roy Pace 
Ken Still 
Sam Adams 
Curtis Sitterd 
Isao Matsui 
Dermic M eyer 
Mike W alters 
Woody Blackburn 
Elro y M arti 
Bobby Nichols 
Jeff Mitchell 
Craig Studier 
Stan Altgeft 
Chuck Milne 
Rate Botts 
Dick Mast 
John Jackson 
Sam Farlow 
Jim F e rn er 
John Schamp 
Gardner O k kin von 
Dave Newaoist 
- Tommy Jacobs 
Earl Coiner 
Mike Slipko 
John Mahaffey 
Bob Wynn 

Of'ietU'tkC' <Leo%..:lu/iM4 owdtfc CrjUT. 
M A c£a$*!4l^«io<»^...€acU«ptl3fcCf 

AUTOMATIC GARAGE 
DOOR OPENER SYSTEM 

 b y M y iO fiK lS B 

GENIE a go o d w ay to ge t in . . . w hen it’s unsafe to ge t out! 
D iK o y * r w hy features 
Ilk * t h * * * h ave 

 m a d * G e n ie 1 th * w o rld ’* fastest selling g a ra g e door opener system s. 

Vt H.P. rated 
Chain drive 
• Superb styling 
• Worm screw drive 
• Built-in time delay 
(CMM MOOfl (MI) 

• U L, Listed 
• Sensitive safety d e vise 
• Solid stat# radio controls 
C ertified to com ply w ith F.C.C. regulations 

USE OUR EASY PAY PLAN-3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 

WITH NO INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 

Your G arage D oor H oadquarfort tintrn V 947 

C IT Y T R A N S M IS S IO N 
The City Transmission team ot the Alam o Cdv 
League will be holding tryouts (rom 2 to 5 p in 
Sundov at the Pcttmon-Sullivan Park . 
M IL IT A R Y T E A M 
Plovers are needed tor a team being form ed to represent the local m ilitary bases and the G reat 
Randolph area. Tryouts are being conducted at 2 p m 
Sundov at the G ra te r B a s e b a ll F ie ld on 
Randolph A F B 
Call 658 1636 or 
Reid Sm ith at 
658 2864 tor further information. 

Hard row ahead for the redfish bill 

W r e s t l i n g 

W R E S T L E T H O N 
Jose Lothario meets Black Gordm an, and Chavo 
Guerrero patties the Great Goliath in the featured wrestling matches starting at 8 3o p m. Saturday at the M unicipal Auditorium 
In other m atches. 
Ivan Putski meets Tank Patton 
Bu tcher B ra n m aan battles Tony C h arles, and N ick 
Kozak challenges George M cC erry 

S h o a l i n g 

C L O V E R L E A F 
The Cloverleaf Gun Club will hold an interna bona! tom gun and 27oo F’istoi Tournam ent So fur day and Sunday at the Persuing Rifle range at 
Ft Sam Houston. The tournament begins at d oo a rn both days weather . 

Sw im m in g 

/I 72 73—216 
74 75 68-217 
69 76 72—217 
7? 73 72-21 7 
7o 74 73-21 7 
7) 75-71-217 
73 7? 72-217 
71 76-71-218 
72 7? 74-718 
77 73 68-218 l l 68 72-718 
75 69 74—218 
73 75-7o-218 
75 74-69 —218 
74 73 71 -218 
75 /I 77-218 
74 l l 67 — 218 
72 74 72-218 
76 73*7o-219 
75 71 73-219 
79 73 67 —719 
71 7o 78-219 
71 74 74-219 
75 67 77-219 
71 69 69—219 
15 79 75— 719 
74 69 76-219 
75 69 76-22o 
71 73-7 6-72o 
76 73 71-72o lb 16 68—77o 
77 73 75-22o 
73 75 73-221 
I i 71 76-271 
76 73-72-271 
75 74 72-221 
77 74 7o-271 
74 74 73 —221 
75 69 77-77) 
72 77-72-271 l l l l 73-222 
74 7 2 7 6 - 2 7 2 
77 75 7o-272 
73 72 77-227 
73 lb 11-117 
1o lb lb -1 1 1 lb 74 72- 722 
74 71 77-22? 
78 73 72-223 
11 lb 71-223 
73 77 73-223 
75 75 73-723 
I! l l IS— l l * 
7! 79 74- 274 
74 76 75-225 
7fr/2 77-275' 
74 76 75-725 
81 75 69-225 
75 76 74-225 
75 76 75-226 
77 75 74- 226 l l 74 75- 276 
8o l l 75-277 
IS I i 78 -727 
76 81 11— 179 lb »o 14-21o l l 79 75- 231 
7o 77 o5- 2*7 
8o 78 77-2 .5 
85 8/ 85-257 
19 t i Withdrew 
B i 84 Withdrew 
75 82 Disqualified 

C Y G N E T S 
The San Antonio Cygnets synchronized swim team will hold its first meet of the season Saturd ay and Su nd ay at the C e n tra l Y M C A pool 
The 
U niversity of Arizona's Desert Sunfish team is entered Competition starts at 3.3o p.m. Saturday and at 11 a rn. Sunday. 

R t o d « » o I t r u l l s 

SAN A N TO N IO (A P ) — Here arc the results from the San Antonio Livestock Show and Rodeo 
F irst Even t 
B a re b ac k bronc riding 
I 
Ronm e P ro c to r. 
Holland, 71 
2. Chris LcDoux. Kaycee. W vo . 64 3. 
Ron Law, Monahans, 6o 
Roping — I Junior Garrison M arlon, Oklg . 1o 9. 
2 Sonny Davis. Kenna, N.M., II I. 3. Tom Needham . 
Parshall, N O 
13 I 
Steer W restling 
I 
P h il Lyn e 
G e org e W est, 
Tex 
I 5. 2 Ben Rose Temple, Tex , 5 6. 3. B a rry 
Burk. Duncan. Oklu , 7 o 
Soddle bronc 
I. Ivan Dames. Inmstait, Con and 
Mel Hyland. Su rie v Can (tie). 65 3. Bob Cm l, San 
Angelo. Tex , and Rick Carpenter, Jasp t r. Can . 62. 
Bull riding — I 
Je r ry Beaaiav. M edicine Lodge, 
Kan . and Jodie Tatone, Boardm an. Ore . 7o 3. t ted 
Kalblmgor, Mission. S D , 64 
Girl s barrel racing 
I Terry Him es. Big Spring. 
Tex 
15 9. 2. Rebectu Combs, W aul ika, Okla., 16. 3. 
Kav Cervantes, Son Angelo. 16 2. 
Second Even t 
Cowboy’s bareback — I ike Sonkey, Rose Hill, 
Kan 
73 2 Raym ond Malin, Iowa P a rk , Tex . Sandy 
K irb y, G reen ville, Tex., and K ayo K irb y , Wood stown, N J (tie) 71. 
Calf roping — I Roy Burk, Duncan, Okla., 9.5 2. 
Tom Needham, Parshall, N O , 11 1 3. Sonny D avis, 
Kenna, N.M., ll 8. 
Steer wrestling — I G ary W alker, Hutchins, Tex , 
I 5. 2 Rick Bradley, Burkburnett, Tex . and Law son 
Lssex, Miami, Okla , (tie) 5 4. 
Soddle bronc - I. Hugh Cham bliss Lakew ood, 
Col . ll . I G ary Toscher, Trotters N D., 69 3. Don 
Te-cher. M adera, N D . 67 
Bull riding — I 
John Dodds. Echo O re 
74 
I. 
L a rry Tam e!!. Tulare, C alli 
7o 
R u s , Baize, 
Stamford. Te> 66 
G irl s B a rre l racing — I 
Connie Combs 
Com mane tie Ok lo . and Collette G r a v is H urdler k a " 
(tie), 15.7 
Rebecca Combs. W aurika Qkia 
16.1. 

. i i 3 8 1 1 S A N P E D R O 

U n 

4 9 4 - 3 4 3 4 J , 

• Wm it r v ic t w hat wm a l l • _________ r 
# 

S I* * * L it* I h a l l 

C E N T R A L YM C A 
Pee Wee Division: 
Palm Hi ghts >9, St Philip 
27. Midget Division: 
Junior K n n k s 19. st Philip s 
? J OT. 
Y B A 
YM C A Gold 39 Northwest Y M C A 
26 
It El g b v 

The defending stale ch am p ion San A ntonio 
Rugby Club will blay host to the Austin ' Blae re 
R F C at J OO p m 
Saturday at the Olmos Basin field Tho gam e was originally set for Austin, but 
Changed due to wet grounds 
Gottfried advances 

M IA M I (A P ) — Tho lour tup scud*. 
Haul Kami re/,, Held ie Dibbs, Harold 
Solomon and Brian Gottfried, won their quarter-final singles competition 
Friday in tho $5o,(HH) Miami Grand 
Prix Tennis Classic. 
The Mexican Ramirez, the defending 
Grand Prix champion, outclassed Tim 
Kakulia of tin* Soviet I ’nion 6-2, 6-1 in afternoon action at the California Club. 
Second-ranked Dibbs. a hometown favorite, had little difficulty in heating unseeded Australian Cliff Fetcher 6-o, 
6-2. And third-seeded Solomon, from nearby Fort Lauderdale, burned by unseeded Lito Alvarez of Buenos Aires, 
Argentina 6-4, 6-1 
Gottfried, also of Fort Lauderdale. won Ins match against unseeded Alex 
Metrevcli of the Soviet I ’nion 6-2. TH, 
6 -2 . 
Ramirez had praise for Ins opponent. 
* lie s a good player; he can play well on clay, but I played well today,” the 
Mexican tennis star said. “ I won fairly easy. but be s capable of beating some good players,” 
Dibbs scored three service breaks in the first set and broke Letcher twice more i i i the second to record the rout 

Most attempts to regulate the commercial catch of saltwater game fish, namely trout and red fish, have died ignoble deaths in the Texas Legislature. 

Bills in previous legislative sessions aimed at eurbing commercial catches generally have zeroed on declaring speckled trout and reds game I inIi and removing them from commercial Ma­ ins. 
T h eresa new attempt underway. In one respect, it is different. It concerns only redfish. and it would place daily hag and size limits on both sport and commercial fishermen rile proposed “ Texas Red Drum 
Conservation Act.” as the measure has been titled by its authors, docs not have a sponsor and has not been intro­ duced Backers hope to find a sponsor within the next few days 

The proposal would establish a Sal) com mercial codfish license. This li­ cense would he sold only during Sep­ tember of each year. 

The hag and possession lim its on rodfish would he: Com m ercial, IOO pounds of w hole reds per person or 2oo pounds of whole reds per boat or con­ veyance; sport. IO per day and 2(1 iii possession, of which not more than two could be larg er than 25 inches iii length. 
Minimum size limit for both sport and commercial fishermen would re­ main the same as current law . 14 inches. Maximum si/e limit for com­ mercials would be 25 inches, and im person engaged in business "a s a commercial fisherman or wholesale or retail fish dealer” would he allowed Pi possess a codfish sm aller than 14 inches or larger than 2a inches. 

Commercial time limits 

The proposal also would set time Ii nutations on nets and trotlines i i i sail waler. The nets and lines would lie legal only from sunset on Sundav to sunset the following Friday ext cpl that a person holding a valid license could fish al any time one trntlim* not mon* than 2oo feet iii length and holding not more than 25 hooks. 
Meshes of tram m el and g ill nets would be enlarged slightly to permit passage of small codfish. 
I bis will be a tough measure to pass through the legislature (if ii is intro­ duced). I would expect com m ercial interests to fight it as aggressively — possibly as effectively — as they have attempts to take reds off the commer­ cial list. 

I he red seems to need more protec­ tion than other hay species. According to saltwater fisheries biologists, red bsh don’t spawn until lhe> are tour lo live sears of age. And most are being caught before they reach spawning age. 

< reel surveys conducted by the 
Parks arid W ildlife Department have shown that the average length of red- lish taken by sport and com mercial fishermen is IS.ti inches (2o months old) vv it Ii very few 27 inches (three years old) or longer. 
No ease of sour grapes 

 rile surveys also have shown that 75 per cent of all rcdlish taken oil the 
Texas coast are caught by commercial fishermen. The 1975 commercial land­ ings for black drum, rodfish, speckled trout, flounder and sheepsheads iii 
Texas bays totaled 5.211,4oo pounds 
Reds accounted for almost 5o per cent 
— 2.o26,9oo pounds — of the total catch. 
It probably will be argued that an> 

Outdoors 

 w i l l * H a i l k l e p p e i * 

 attempt to reduce the com m ercial catch cl reds is a case til sour grapes 
After all, commercials with their nets and trotlines are catching three tint nl evcrv four reds taken along the coast. 
But this isn’t the crux of the matter. 
Ov orharv est wig. not who docs tin* catching and how, is what concerns fisheries biologists. 
Since most of the reds caught arc being removed from the water before tliev reach maturity and have an op­ portunity to spawn, and since com­ mercial catches have increased d ra­ matically while sport catches have th 
(•lilied, biologists arc worried about maintaining a ted drum fishers on the 
Texas coast. 

( reel studies conducted In the Parks and W ildlife Department showed of 
I pper Laguna M adre that in 196o, 
S2.992 trips b> sport lisliennen pro dined 29,526 rcdlish. Fifteen vears 

 later, in sport fishermen Bielded red fish. 

1975. 127,1oo fishing trips by. 
Ii<>rmon i univ 27 192 
(• f 

The catch in ’75 represented (met red fish for slight!) more than five trips* or one red for almost 24 hours of fish-; mg. 
While sport fishing success on reds* has declined OO per cent iii the last 15* veals, commercial landings iii the last* 
Hi vears iii the same bas area have* increased 4oo per cent 
* 
Landings of rcdlish have increased* 

 iii all Texas bays during the last HI* veals, from 522.5oo pounds in 1o65 H r more than two million pounds iii 1o75.. this increase was not accomplished’ wUh the same amount of gear, say biologists. 
Seine and net tags ui-.i* creased substantially during the* same period This docs not include the; legal and illegal trotlines, which, like; nets. fish 24 hours a dav 
Y U U ' s a n d 

 i i i i i o h 

T ID E S 
Port At annas 
F eh 12 
L O J: 35 a ut 
Lo 
Hi 
11 Ss a iii 
H i t . to 
I (ftp in 
I a 
Mi 
8 tU I) 111 
Mi 

Fcb 
I o 

Port Isabel 
12 
4 
14 a in lo 
2 
46 a ai 
Mi 
6 
o9 ll in 
Lo 
IU 
56 p rn 
Hi 

 b l ii rn 
11 |) rn 
o1 it rn 

Feb 13 tv a ta 
17 a in 
o9 |> Iii 
11 p m 

SUNRISE SUNSET 
Feb t? 
Feb l l 
Rise 7'16 a.m. 
Rise 7 . 15 a m. 
Se! 6:21 p rn. 
Set 6 .'I I in 

MOONRISE MOONSET 
Feb 12 
Feb 13 
Rise 7 7o a rn 
Rise J 19 a.rn 
Se! I 16 p in 
Set 2 14 ii in 

MOON PHASES 
New ninon I cb 18 
(lis t quat ter 
Feb 26 t ult moon Mar 5 
Lost quai lei 
M in 
I? 

B o x i n g s h o w 

Local amateur boxers will warm up for the up­ coming Golden Gloves tournament by compel mg in a program lo lie presented bv the City 
Hecreation Dept, al 7:2o 

P i i i . Saturday iii San 
Fernando gymnasium. 
Niue am ateur teams w ill take part i i i the show featuring the ap p ear­ ances of Saturn,v Avahi, 
Alberto Favcila. Frank 
.lasso, Alfonso ( H ilo. S 11- ki Pastran, Hay Valen­ zuela, ‘‘Shul” Guerrero and Freddie ( lam a 
P a rticip a tin g team s are Westside YMCA, four 
Boys Flubs teams, Postal 
Service. Seguin. Black­ ies Boxing Team. and the « itx Parks and Hee- real ion team 
Weigh-in for all lighters will he at noon 
Saturday i i i the gvi i i 

A ll position cutting 

Guriid link cutting clu m 
Poulan rrucro ?5 

 s m 
o % 9 s 

LIMITED 
QUANTITY 7 9 

FRIDAY A 
SATURDAY 
ONLY 

COME AND SAN! 
MtS 

LAWN 
SUPPLIES 
89o2 BROADWAY 
826-6353 
OPEN 8:oo A.M.—o:oo P.M. 

 l 
« » » £ < * s c o r e s 

Frid ay s Results 
T E X A S T E A M S 
Ai izona 67. Texas E I Paso 6o 
Texos W esleyan 7o, Oklahom a 
Baptist 76 
O T H E R T E A M S idaho St 31, M ontana St ti 
New Mexico 91, Arizona St 84, 
OT 
R egis IOO, New M exico High lo nfWs 9o 
Westminster 98 A vila 87 
Air Force 74, Kings Point 57 
Y ale 53, H a rvard SI 
Princeton 62, Cofnell 49 
V irginia Union 86, Norfolk St IO 
Nicholls St 111, Tenn M artin 94 
Tarkio 71, Mid A m erica Nazar enc SO 
Em p oria St 79. Fo rt H ays St 78, 
OT 
C en tral M ethodist 67, W illiam 
Jewett SO 
Akron SI, Brockport St 64 
W idener 63. Monmouth 54 
N Montana 1o8, W Montana 93 
Boise St 82, Montana bl 
T en n C h a tta n o o g a 79, A rm strong IO 
Shorter 75, Ga. Southwestern 65 
St Am brose 86. Loras 7o 
Je ts face fight 

NKW VOUK (AIM - 
City Hail isn t ahunt to surrender the New York 
■lets to New Je rs e y 's 
Meadow lands without a fight 
An if that fight must tie fought jn the courts, that’s just where the city anti the National F*»othail league team cornu wind up lf the .lets carry out threats to join the N FL 
New York ( Hants ut the bright new stadium across the Hudson River 

VV 
Bernard Richland, 
New 
York 
(‘tty ' n corporation counsel and chief attorney, notified 
Mayor Abraham Beanie 
Friday that the illy has legal grounds to keep (fie 
Jets iii New ) orts 

Central Iowa 69, Dubuque 56 
Upper Iowa 88. Simpson It 
W illiam Penn 94, W artburg 81 
Baker 77, Missouri Valley 54 
Bethune Cook man 88. Paine bl 
St Augustine s 77. Shaw 71 
M a rym o u n t 9o. B e n e d ic tin e , 
Kan 48 
Suflolk 95, Gordon 8o 
Kearny St 75. W ashburn 66 
Edinboro 9o, Frostburg Si 87, o r 
S Oakota 19. N Dakota St IS 
V irgin ia W est 76, G reensb oro 
Col 67 
Albany St 74. Potsdam St 56 
Coastal Carolina l l . Ersk in e 69 
S Carolina St 91, D elaw are St 49 
Adelphi 88, P a ce 62 
Central St 1o3, Walsh 68 
C o a st G u a rd 83. W o rc e s te r 
Tech 7o 
Chris Newport 84. N Carolina 
Greensboro 12 
Biscayne 82, E ck e rd 68 
St Leo 91, Rollins 73 
N Carolina AAT 72, M organ St 
71 
Defiance 92. M anchester IS 
Shorter 75, G eorgia Southwes tern 65 
V irginia St 88. Elizabeth City 82 
Defiance 92, Manchester is 
Catholic 9o, Central Connecticut 
7SCoe 87, Cornell, Iowa 74 
Southwestern 91, P rw cip ta 71 
Monmouth M6, Grinnell 9o 
Quinmpiac 7o, Stonewall 68 
E N oiorene 88, Nyack 73 
Roger W illiam s 87. New Hom o shire Col 74 
New York Tech 76, Lehm an Cot 
5o 
Plattsburgh st 71, Geneseo St 6o 
S Dos alo St ti, N iowa it 
Le Movne Owen 112, Trevecco 
IOO 
Colby 81, M a in e P o tio n * G o r ­ ham 69 
SAC lo Let full* 
JC 

Lei* College downed 
San Antonio Collage, 
HU-76, i i i T IC Ai; match 
Friday at SA C * gym 

EE K (M I 
James M an is ll 
St e v e I. a u b a in 17. D e W o v n e 
Johnson 16, Turk W illiam s Ii. 
Tourney 5, Shelley 2. M i Neat, 
Bell 
SAC (761 amy Bouev |4 
Heft Cfi* k l l Glen Liter 17 M ike 
Won met y 19, t>enoo I M i LeUun 
) Sowyei 
Perez, Casas 

Ham.me te e 47 SAC ie 
H igh*.**!» i e# •> now I# I ut can te r enc# e n d I* 7 a v e . a n white SA C B i a p p td Ie I I ii 
•tagut p>uv ana ii i| o„ in, season l h * games w a s lie d 
Stye * tunes but SAC never ie 

NORELCO SHAVER 
TUNE-UP SPECIAL! 

Put your N o re lco E le ctric 
Shaver in top condition with a clean-up and overhaul—save money loo! 

Factory-trained repairmen thoroughly clean, oil, check and adjust your N o re lco 
Shaver to keep it operating at its best! 
SPECIAL LOW PRICE 

SATURDAY, 
FEB. 12th ONLY! 
$ 
4 
8 
8 
ONLY 
RIUS HfiDfO PARTS AT SUGAI LOW PtKIS 
O O W ilso n Catalog Showroom Store 

* * 
7 7 7 7 N W LOOK 4 1 o a l V A N C E J A C K SO N 
OHM IO AJA 9 P m MOM Jtl., IO A M.-4 PJR 
349*1 I i i 
SAT. 

H 
San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Saturday February 12 1977 
FLC aims at playoffs 

The tale should be told in the Big State Conference in the next six days. 
The most important week of the season begins 
Saturday with the first of three big showdowns between the tkree playoff contenders in the loop 
League-leading Texas Lutheran (19-7. 7-o) will take on East Texas Baptist (13-13, 4-2) at 2:3o p m. in 
Marshall. 
St. Mary's (18-5. 8-1) takes a break from league action to battle Le Tourneau in a non-conference tilt in Longview at 7:3o p.m. 
TLL can clinch a playoff spot by beating East 
Texas Baptist. 
An ETBC win will keep the Tigere mathematically in the race and set the stage for Monday night's 
ETBC-St. Mary’s game. TLO and St Mary’s collide next Thursday. 
The Trinity Tigers will continue their three-game road swing against Dallas Baptist at 7:3o p m. in 
Dallas. The Tigers, who play their final games at home, were at Austin College Friday night. 

In other games involving city and area teams 
Saturday night the St Mary's women will continue play at the Angelo St. Tournament and Texas AAI in the Houston Tournament. 
Iii two key Lone Star Conference East Zone encounters. Southwest Texas (7-18, 5-8) will be at 
Sam Houston 7-15, 4-7) at 7:3o p.m. and Texas A&I 
(12-1o, 4-7) will .journey to Stephen F. Austin (1o-13, 
8-5) for a 7:3o p.m. game. 
OSU hikes lead 
M ONTERREY, Mexico 
(A P) — Oklahoma State 
— led by David Edwards 
— stretched its lead to 23 strokes Friday in the se­ cond round of the Pan 
American International collegiate golf tourna­ ment at Monterrey, Mex­ ico 
Edwards shot a 8o to lead the Cowboys’ ons­ laught. supported by 
Jaim e Gonzales, Lindy 
M iller and Brett Har­ rison 

Pistons sock 
Cars 
DETROIT (A P) - The 
Detroit Pistons broke away from the Cleveland 
Cavaliers with a fourth- period flurry sparked by two baskets each from Al 
Eberhard, Leon Douglas and Erie Money to score a 1o1-94 National Basket­ ball Association victory 
Friday. 
There had been 15 ties and 27 lead changes in the game before rookie 
Douglas snapped a 79-79 deadlock 21 % minutes into the closing quarter. 
Over the next four minutes. 
Money and 
Eberhard pumped in two baskets apiece and 
Douglas added another while Cleveland got only a two-pointer by Gary 
Brokaw 
The Pistons had taken a four-point halftime edge and still were up by the same margin going into the final period after a hectic third session which alone produced 18 lead changes and six ties. 
Bob Lanier with 3o points and 19 rebounds paced the Pistons who captured their 21st vic­ tory in 28 starts at home this season and also their fifth triumph in their last seven starts. It also was one of the team's best defensive showings. 

C L E V E L A N D (94): B re w e r ? 
O O 4. Russell 6 6 6 18, E Smith I 
o I 2. Corr ll J 4 25. Cleomons 5 
2 2 12, Chokes 6 o o 12. B Smith 6 
1 l. Combert 1 2 2 4, W alker I OO 
J. Snyder o o o o. Brokaw 1oo 2. 
Totals 4o 14 16 94 
D E T R O IT (IO U . H Porter 6oo 
12. Carr 5 1-2 ll, Lanier IO IO 12 
JO, Ford o 2 3 2. K Porter I O O 2, 
Simpson 3 2 2 8. Barnes 3 2 4 8, 
Douglas 3 o o 6, Eberhard 4 o o 8. 
Money 7 o o 14. Totals 42 17 2$ 1o1 
Cleveland 
24 2o 29 21— 94 
Detroit 
24 24 29 24— 1o1 
Total touts—C leveland 22, D e­ troit 23 
Fouled out —E 
Sm ith 
Technical 
Money A —9,745 

LEE’S C H U C K STANLEY puts one through a ga in st Churchill during Friday n igh t’s game. Lee won, 67-63. — Photo by Steve 
Campbell 

 semis 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
MADISON, VV is. - 
Trinity ripped Wis­ consin, 8-1, Friday to move into the semifinals of the Na­ tional Team Tennis 
Championships.. 
Ihe Tigers will face • the Stanford Cardinals 
Saturday at 4 p.m. The 
Cards, who are defending champions here, downed 
LSC, 8-1, Friday. 

S IN G L E S : 
L o rry G ottfried, 
TU. det 
Mike Borr, Wisconsin. 
7 6, 7 6; Ben M cKown, TU. (let 
Rich SHverthorn, Wisconsin, 6 2. 
6-1, Tony Glam m alvo, TU, del. 
Ken Thomas, Wisconsin, 6 4, 6 2; 
Erick Iskerskv, TU. det 
Robbie 
White, Wisconsin, 6 1. 6-3. Eddie 
Reese, TU, det 
Scott Huouelet. 
6-2, 6-7, 7 6; Mike Spering, Wls consin, del 
D ave Benson, TU, 
6-4, 6 4 
D O U B L E S : 
G iam m alvu Gott fried det B a rr Hugueiet, 3 6. 7 6. 
6-1; M cKown Iskerskv det. Sper- ing T h o m a s, 
7-5. 
7-5; 
M ik e 
D a vid so n U enson det. W h ite 
Croig Jones, 7 6, 6 3. 
F R ID A Y 'S R E S U L T S : 
Trinity 
8, Wisconsin I; Stanford 8. LSU 
I; USC 5, Princeton 4 

Trinity loses 

SHERM AN - Austin 
College spurted to a 
18-point halftime advan­ tage in coasting to a 98-78 victory over Trinity F ri­ day night. the Kangaroos hit 34 of 
55 field goals for a blis­ tering 81 per cent, while 
Trinity mustered only 33 of 92 for 35.8 per cent. 
Danny Ivey scored 28 poonts for the Tigers. 

T R IN IT Y (76) 

Cards share 

The Southside Cardinals tied for the District 13-AAA East Zone championship with a hard-earned 87-57 victory over Pleasanton 
Friday night. 
Southside will now meet Gonzales, 58-39 winners over Cuero, for the zone title next week. Officials of the schools will meet Saturday morning in Seguin to arrange details. 
The Marshall Rams blasted Memorial, 74-59, in District 3o-AAAA to forge a first-place tie with John Jay, while in District 32-AAAA MacArthur kept main­ tained a one-game lead over Seguin and Lee. although both had to fight for their lives against Roosevelt and Churchill, respectively. 
In the area, the Blanco Panthers won the District 29-A crown and will now meet 
Charlotte in bidistrict play. 
Hays took over the District 27-AA second-round lead with a 58-51 win over Cole, which led by six at halftime. 
B oys 
J 
District 29-A A A A 

 fg tt-a 
IP 
Ivey 
13 
2 7 
28 
Stokes 
I 
OO 
12 
SpiHane 
6 
2 4 
14 
Johnson 
2 
2 4 
6 
Murphy 
I 
2 2 
4 
DWiiiiam s 
3 
13 
7 
Marquez 
I 
12 
3 
K ilgore 
3 
OO 
6 
Haynes 
I 
OO 
I 
Recko 
o 
OO 
o 
M acLeai 
2 
OO 
4 
Totals 
33 1o-17 76 

A U S T IN C O L L (96) tg H o to 
W Williom s 
6 
5 6 
17 
Farquhor 
2 
4 I 
8 
McKinney 
9 
6 6 
24 
Vick 
3 l l 
7 
Kirksey 
4 
12 
9 
Doughtrev 
I l l 
3 
K rouse 
2 l l 
5 
Massev 
3 
4 4 
IO 
Doherty 
4 
o-2 
8 
Ropertson 
o 
5 5 
5 
Totals 34 28-32 96 

Trinity 
31 
45 
- 
76 
Austin 
47 
49 
— 
96 
Total fouls: 
Trinity 26. Austin 
College 19 
Fouled out; 
Trinity, 
D 
W illiam s 
Technical tools Kilgore 
Attendance 
1,o56. 

 k ille r * r u l e 

KANSAS CITY (A P) - 
Brian Taylor popped in 
28 points and Roil Boone added 21 as the Kansas 
City Kings overcame an early deficit to defeat the 
Washington 
Bullets, 
12o-1o6, in National Bas­ ketball Association ac­ tion Friday night. 
The Kings, snapping a three-game losing streak and leveling their season mark at 28-28, took the lead for good 73-71 on a 
15-footer by Richard Wa­ shington at 4:56 of tilt* third period 
Kansas City then broke the game open early in the fourth period with a 
JO-3 spurt. 
Phil Chenier, who was named to the NBA Ail- 
Star team Friday night to replace the injured Dave 
(Owens of Boston, led the 
Bullets with 28 points. 
Washington, which went scoreless the first two minutes and fell be­ hind, 6-o, regrouped and built an 11-pomt lead 
43*32 at 8:11 of the second half behind the hot shooting of Chenier and 
Elvin Hayes. 
The Kings closed with a flurry to narrow the gap at halftime to two points at 58*56, outscor­ ing the Bullets 2-4 in the final two minutes of the first half. 
Saturday's Games 

B O Y S 
No oome% ted 

G IR L S 
District 3o A A A A PlavoH 
J a y v t 
E d g e w o o d 
T a y lo r 
Gym. 7 JO 
T O L C lot* A A A Ridtstrict 
B le t t e d 
S ac ra m em v t 
Brownsville 
St 
Joteob, 

L A R E D O M A R T IN 
73): Hidalgo Rendon, Ale* 
Martinez 16, M ario Urbina 12. Contreras 6. Pen a 4, 
Guevara 4, Slem aker 2. Zam arripo 2. 
M C C O L L U M (6o): Geoff Bo ogers 16, D onnv Co* 
15, Weynond 8, Scott 8, Mortln 7, Hall 4, Thom as 2 
Halftime: M artin 27. McCollum 13. ; 

J U D S O N (S3): Joe Blake 13, T ra c y Bo w ers IO, 
Hickey 9, Taylor 8. Nurse 8. S Bow ers 4, Blevin s I. 
Rodgers 
H A R L A N D A L E (43): E lia s V ille g as 15, M o rin 6, 
De La Garza 4, Cbacon 4. Morin 4, Arispe 3. Pen a 2. 
VV Martinez 2. J Martinez 2, G u errero I, M edrano 
Halftime: Judson 24, H arlandale 14 

S O U T H S A N A N T O N IO (S 9 ): M ik e F lo re s 2o. 
Sanders 9, Serna 6, Sanchez 6, D avila 6, Zam ora 4, 
Alonzo 4, Brock 4, Sentmore 
L A R E D O N IX O N (S I) : 
Bru ce B a te v 13. Tony 
Colunga IO, Idrogo 8, H ardy 8, V illareal 4, Jack son 
2, Escam lllo 2. Agent 2, Arlchiga 
Halftime: South Son 26. Nixon 22. 
Highlights: Flores hit 12 straight free throws after m issing his first two. South San n e ve r tra ile d . 
Bobcats ran second holt league record to 3 o 
District 3o-A A A A 

M A R S H A L L 
74): Sean M cNelis 2o. Billy Ash 14, 
Frank Rodriguez 13. D. M cNelis 9, Broberg 4, Hatch 
4. Conyers 4, H arris 3, Bellanger 3. Valdez. DeCotis. 
M E M O R IA L ( 59>: M ark So u n d e rs 16, L a r r y 
C orry 14, Rodney Brown 13, Aleorta 8, Bustam ante 
2, Cloud 2, Glory 2, Ochoa 2, Croak, M cK inley. 
Halftime: M arshall 34, Mem orial 29 
Highlights: M em orial went ahead for only tim e in game, 37-36, but M arshall then scored the next nine points and was on its way. M arshall is 4 o in second half play ond M em orial slips to 3-1. Ram s are 16-14 and Minutemen 15-16. 

E D G E W O O D (49) — 
George Mooney IS, W ane 
Joseph IO, M W illiam s 9, Godley 7. D. W illiam s 4, 
Eorls 4, W im berly, Tovar. 
H O L M E S (46) — Rick Brown 15, Abel Perez IO, 
Bryant 7, Krotz 6, M ayte 5, Oliver 2. M cG ow an I, 
Felton, Johnston. 
Halftime: Holmes 24, Edgewood 22 
H ig h lig h t s : M ik e W e lls hit a b u ck e t w ith 3o seconds left to give Edgewood a 47-44 lead and 
Raiders beld on for the victory 

E A G L E P A S S (S3) — 
R au l P e re z 14, R o b e rt 
G a rz a 13, R o d rig u e z 9. G a lin d o 8, P u e n te 4, 
Maldonodo 
4. 
Sanchez 
I. 
Flores, 
Oliphont, 
Camarillo. 
K E N N E D Y (65) — 
R ick L e g g e tt 2o, D a r r y l 
Bethiev 13. Toung 8. Roberson 7, W atlev 5, Tristan 4, 
Scroggins 4, Berlingeri 2. Bryan t 2, W illis 
Halftime: Kennedy 32, Eagle Pass 22. 

JAY (69) — Radon W ay 23. G erald Ja n u a ry 14. 
Derek Stubblefield 17, Gill 8. Loring 5, M erce r 4, 
Trinidad 2, D eH art I, Breckenridge, Norwood. 
D E L R IO (44) — Frank Reyes 18. M ike Salinas 13, 
Jordon 8, Abernathy 2, M ontem avor 2, Ju a re z I. 
Contreras. Robles, Walts, Jackson. Pitts 
Halftime: Ja y 33, Del Rio 26 
Highlights: Jo y scored the first IO oomts of the third Quarter and then ran aw ay from the Ram s 
District 31-A A A A 

L A N IE R (67) — Je r r y G u erre 27, Robert Torres 
16, Fred d ie M ed ina 14, F a r r ia s 6. J . T o rre s 4. 
Charles. Rodriguez, Villanueva. 
H IG H L A N D S (61) — G ary Holm an 13, Be rn ard 
Turk 12. M cN eal 8, D raper 7, M oore 7, D osdaie 4. 
Josaues 4, Holden 3, Peterson 2. Land. Saione. 
Halftime: Lanier 33, Highlands 27. 
Highlights: G uerra hit 13 of 18 from the field for 
Voks H olm an had 12 rebounds and D ra p e r ll. 
Highlands outrebounded Lam er 42 26 but failed to break press and turned the bali over num erous times 

B U R B A N K (63) — Gilbert Solm os 18, Leonard 
Lam bert 14, Steve Gam boa 12, Puente 9, D Salinas 
8, M artinez 2, Poole, Hernandez 
E D IS O N (44) — Charles W allace 12. Jo e Ortiz 12, 
Calderon 6. Pagilo 6. M ontem avor 5, M artin ez 2. 
Delgadillo I, DeLeon 
Halftime: Burbank 79. Edison 18 
Highlights. Burbank shot eight of 26 from the field in the second halt In the third auarter. the Bulldogs made only one field goal Salinas w as tour of 13 from the floor, had IO rebounds and tour blocked shots. 
District 32-A A A A 

L E E (67) — 
B ill Bond 26, C huck S ta n le y IO, 
Hoffman 8, Stewart 8, G rem m er 8. Brow n 5. Hatten 
2, Dixon 
C H U R C H IL L (63) — 
Peoe Stevenson 2o. Tom 
Hegemier 19, Ford Bowlin ll. Cham bers 6. E v a n s J, 
GHbOux 2 Ramos 2. Wiseman 
Halftim e Churchill 4o, Leo 32 
Highlights Lee outscored the C hargers 16 5 in the third quarter Stanley put Lee ahead 59 57 with 2; 28 left and the Vois pulled aw ay Bond w as eight of eight from the tree throw line in the lost two minutes of the game, scoring the last eight vo l points. 

A L A M O H E IG H T S (64) — Blair Jack so n 14, Pete 
Sherwood 13, Pot Reagan IO, B e rt K uykend all IO, 
Brosseao 8. Johnson 5. Krause 4, Ruopet. M orek. 
SA N M A R C O S (63) — 
Pete Johnson 21, M ark 
W itte IS, Young 7, (in c re a s e 7, F ife 7, Sm ith 4, 
Winfield 2 
Halftim e: San M arcos 4o. Alam o Heights 26 
Highlights: Blair Jark so n blocked a Jim Fife shot at the buzzer to preserve the victory tor the M ules 
San M arcos inability to convert from the free throw line — nine of 19 in the second hod — hurt the 
Rattlers. 

M A C A R T H U R (76) — Keith Edm onson 29. Bru ce 
Meindertsmo 18, Mike Hoiub 15, Dayton 6. Jefferson 
2, Porcher 2, M cKinney 2. Smith. Sweet 
C L E M E N S (49) — 
M ark A n d erson i i , Jo h n 
Deioro IO, W eils 8. Driscoll 7, Crouch 4, Godfrey 2, 
Rebmonn 2. Bice I. Draper, Brad ley 
Holttime: M acA rthur J I , Clem ens 71. 

S E G U IN (73): M ike Cuellar 25, L a w re n ce Sam pieton 24, Herb Coe 14. King I, Ja ck so n 2, Rmn, 
Rongei 
R O O S E V E L T (69): M ark Tompkins 25. M ike Lee 
14, Kelly Riddle IO, C Lee 7, Treat 6, D avis 4, M itier 

Halftime 
Roosevelt 42, Seguin 41 
Highlights: Seguin raised its record lo 29 5 and 2 I in the second round. Seguin took the leod for good Ut the opening minute of the second had on a basket by 
Samoleton 

13-AAA East Zone 

N E W B R A U N F E L S (61) — 
Tom m y Hodord 16. 
Brett D eckard IS, Shelby Coleman ij, R om sev 4. 
Ball 4, Tuch 3, Hoffman J, Slang J. Bueche 2 
N B C A N Y O N (14) — Steve Stone IO. Borm gnn 8. 
Williams t. Gilbert 3, Corbeil 2. Schwoo 2 R ic h a rd ­ son I. W etj. 
Halftim e. New Braunfels 24. N B Canyon IS 

S O U T H S ID E (17) — 
D avid C astillo ii. Lou is 
Boraias 17, Joe U negas 16, Keene tn Moo re 14, Roy 
Mares IO. W illiam s I. H u u ar 2. Pierson I, G a rc ia 1 
P L E A S A N T O N (171 - 
ROY OeSoam 16 Randy 
Ricks 14. Dickie WeiSinger IO. B ry m e r 8. M onroe 6, 
Stedman 5. Cepeda. Austin. Schulz 
Halftim e Pleasanton 34, Southside 3o 
H ighlights 
Facing elimination from a tie tor the ion# title with defeat. Cards went on a 33 7 fourth quarter spree over the determined Eag les to nab tie tor zone crown Officials will m eet with Gonzales officials Saturday morning to decide playoff 

G O N Z A L E S (M ) — Elro y Steen 17, Bobby New ton 16. Pete Wilkerson IS, Bryan t Polk IO, Munson, 
Phillips. English, Glass, Green 
C U ER O (39) — 
Justin Lew is 16. Riddle 9, Hen der son 4, Orosco 4. Barfield 2, P ro te r, Ross, 
Halftime: Gonzales 24, Cuero 72 
Highlights. Apaches clinen tie tor zone title with 
Southside on 12 record- R ic k y R id d le of C uero broke ms hand in the second had. 
13-AAA West Zone 

S C O R E : K errville Tivv 4o, C rystal City 33 

F R E D E R IC K S B U R G (44) — O oug K u h im an JI. 
Robert Tnt ion 71. Glen O ro n o 13, Kott 9. Netneriand 
9, Alexander 7, Hohmann J. Wood I 
C A R R IZ O S P R IN G S (44) — 
Castillo 13. Cowsar ll, P a yn e IO, Sotanefcy 4, U ribe J. Toiom antes 2, 
Ramos 2 
Halftime 
Fredericksburg 35. C arrizo Springs 26 
District 2H- A A 

Halftime: SV 37. Bandera 34. 
H ig h lig h ts: G om e tied. 49 49, going into last quarter Rangers now 7-17 overall, while Band era finishes season with I 22 mark. 

R A N D O L P H (61) — Lee Lorenzen 15, Chandler 5, 
Carter 6, Bonnie Horner 17, Don Bm ford IO, Petolllio 
2, Defence 2, Dovis 2, Romos 2. Hannon. 
D R IP P IN G S P R IN G S (41) — K e rry Prescott 16, 
Goodwin 4, William son 3. Gerald Reid ll. Falcon 2. 
Burke 3, Cox 2. Flack, Knauth 
Halftime: Randolph 29, Dripping Springs 14 

H A Y S (58) — 
M ike Thornes 22, Je ff W dte 14, 
Steve Ables ll, De Leon 6, Creghon 5. 
C O L E (5)) — Doug Kiel 18, Joel Gendron 13, M ike 
Hogen 7, S Hagen 6, Kurek 3, Tucker 2. 
Halftime: Cole 28, H ays 22 
Highlights: H ays tokes second round lead with 5-o record 

District 29-A 

P E A R S A L L (71): Leslie Studdard 37, E rie Taylor ll, Ropiedo I, Law ler I. O G rot 4, G arza 4. Flow ers 
3, Wilson J. I Grot I 
D E V IN E (42i: Butch Cook ll. Ooug Btokem ore 
IO. Stewart 4 nee ss 6, C hivarro 2, Outlaw 
Halftim e P e arsall 34. Devine 2o 
H igh ligh ts 
D istrict cham pion M a v e ric k s ra n their loop record to 116 w ithout m u ch trouble 
Devine is now I c 
District 2 7-A A 

S M IT H S O N V A L L E Y (41) — John Witte 26 C m .* 
C h a p p e d 12 
Jim R o o B a r k e r t j . G a r r is o n 7, 
Slav m o n o 6, th o m p so n 4. D o m in g 
R A N D E E A (O il — Bryon M u rre ll 26, Ken Su ey ll, Turn H ic k s 16. Je n nings 9, E d o n I, P f f s y n J, 

L A V E R N IA (74) — Sam Adorns 22, G eorge Her ing 2o, Jim m y Stevens 17, Frlesenhohn 6. Lenz 5, 
Burg 2, Vaughan 2, Pierdollo. 
L A C K L A N D (65) — Ricardo Allen 3o. C arl Griffin 
25, O m er 6, Riley 4. Gifford, Sand, Gouord. Covens. 
Halftime: LaV ern ia 33, Lackland 29. 

N IX O N (67) — Jo e DeLeon 2o, Robert Benavidez 
15. Vernon M oore IO, Bu stam ante 8, M artinez 6, 
Medina 4, J Benavidez 2, Cortez 2. Guyton, Yann. 
C O M F O R T (4o) - 
Hunt 7, Fuentes 7, Fo u r 6, 
Jim e n e z 6, P e tty 5, W le v e n fe ld 4, S p e n c e r 3, 
Hammock 2, Reyno. 
Holttime: Nixon 38, Comfort 19 
Nixon finished the season 22-S record. Its best ever. 

B L A N C O (68): Scharnhorst 29, Calhoun 16, Gloor 
16, Felps 4, Pope 3, Bark e r, Kuentz, Ashley 
M A R IO N (65): Ochoa 18, Henke 17, Hortstield 16. 
Littlefield 8, Baker 4, K a rre r 2, Orth 
Halftime: Morion 35, Blanco 31. 
H igh ligh ts: Blanco clinched third straight 29-A title and will meet Charlotte In bidistrict playoffs. 
The schools will meet Monday to decide site tor Feb 
22 game. Blanco is now 29 4 on ye ar and 12 2 in district. M arion slips to 17-9 and 1o-4 
Non-District 

C A N C E L L A T IO N : Som erset at Boerne 

C H R IS T IA N (6o): Don Hose 33. M ark Slzek 12. 
Kohler 7, G. Taylor 4, T. Taylor 4, M. Taylor. 
T M I JV (57): Kart Dagel 15, Ja m e s Stew art 13, 
Andrew Thomas ll, Boehm e 8, Dunsworth 8. Horton 
2. 
Halftime: Christian 39, TM I 21. 
H ighlights: G a ry Taylor hit both ends of a one and-one for Christian with IO seconds left to clinch win. 

ST S T E P H E N 'S (44) — Ryptong 8, Cordong 14, 
W ilson 12, E ttin g e r 6, Ju d d 4, L e w lis, Scru g g s, 
Stewart, Billings 
S M A (4o) — 
M ike B ru n n e r 15, M c K in n e y 8, 
Rundolph 7, Sh e rill 4. P in g 4, P h illip s 2, Stone, 
Taghavi. W ore 
Halftime St. Stephen's 72, SM A 13 
SM A J V S won 53-37. 
Star pick thrills Jones 

Mi l w a u k e e (A P) - when Bobby 
Jones first looked at the 1976-77 Na­ tional Basketball Association schedule, he never expected he would spend 
Sunday, Feb. 13, in Milwaukee. 
But Jones, the highly versatile but relatively unsung forward of the 
Denver Nuggets, will start for the West squad against the East in the NBA’s 
27th annual z\ll-Star game here Sunday 
(12:45 p.m., CST). 
“ I never believed I d be named," 
Jones said. “ You think about this kind of thing, but ifs not something you count on. 
“I played in the z\B/\ All-Star game last year, but that was our team 
(Denver) against the other stars in the league,” he said, "This one has more significance to me because ifs more of an individual honor.” 
Jones isn’t widely known for several reasons: he is one of six Joneses play­ ing in the NEA; he isn’t a prolific scorer, and he spent his first two professional seasons in the American 
Basketball Association, which lacked extensive television exposure. 
Denver 
Since the NBA admitted Denver and three other former ABA teams this season, NBA followers have grown to appreciate Jones’ value to the Midwest 
Division-leading Nuggets, whom he leads iii blocked shots and steals. He also is averaging 15.8 points per game and is second in the NBA in field goal percentage at .561 
Still, critics of the All-Star selection system say Jones may not have been elected to start had it not been for a vigorous voting campaign by Denver fans. Two other Nuggets, forward Da* 
Md Thompson and center Dan Issei, were voted starting berths. 
Ballots were equally distributed in 
N BA cities, but the response was greater in some than in others. A re­ cord 1.25 million votes were cast. 
Los Angeles Lakers Coach Je rry 
West was upset that Issei was voted a starting berth ahead of Lakers super- star Hareem Abdul-Jahbar, No. I in the NBA in field goal average and se­ cond in scoring, rebounding and blocked shots. Issei received 182,585 votes to z\bdul-Jubbar’s 146,426. 
“ Why don’t they let the players do the selecting?” West complained, “ I think Issei is a very fine player, does a terrific job and deserves to be in the 
All-Star game. But not by stuffing the ballot box ” 
SWX w om en lose, win 

SFtGAI to TNI fXM tSVN fW $ 

HOUSTON — Southwest Texas lost to Louisiana Tech, 85-56, but rebound­ ed to nip Prairie View, 53-52, in the 
Houston women's basketball tour­ nament Friday. SWT plays at 1o:3o arn 
Saturday in the consolation bracket 

SO U T H W E S T T E R A I 6*4) 
- Rot Com pte 9 I 3 
2o, Joann# Blattoid 4 4 7 I}, Anderegq 4 OO 8, 
L>nk 2 14 5; Hood 7 1 7 5 . M atu rek 2 o o 4; 
N ‘C nota o 2 2 2 T otatt 23 1o 2o 
LA 
T E C H (65) 
- Ford 4 8 4 76, Griffin Ii o I i i 
DeMotk 5 l l ll, Nor ny 3 2 4 4, ja n e t I J * *; 
Coak J OO 4, H a y t i I 2 2 4. W a rren J I ) / , 
Kindred I Od 2 
Bailey o t i I Tatatt 33 19 25 
Halftim e 
Lo 
Tach 36, EWT Women JO 

SO U T H W E S T TR K A L ( l l ) - E m b oli! 6 a-IO 14 
Campi# 5 3 5 ti. Link 2 54 9, Anperegy 1 3 4 5, 
Hood I OO 4, W o iu rik I J I 4; Hit nolo 2 o o 4 
I olm* 17 19 27 
P R A IR IE V IE W >42) 
- 
D ona em s.on J J IO, 
Dear# W illiam * 5 OO lo. Carolyn Woodard 3 4 I 
IO 
I non,a* 2 ) 4 7 . Oa>>* 2 2 1 6, norse# I S t 4, 
G am 1 1 ) 2 , U rn# 9 J I J f«iat» l l 14 26 
Haiti I rn* 
EW T Women l l , Hr oui# View 2* 

CBS moves up in 
TV ratings war 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturda^ Februory 1 2 1977 
H 
Pog^ 5-H 

Nancy W alker, (center) as Nancy Blansky, is den mother to a b evy of Las V egas showgirls, in “ Blansky’s Beauties,*1 which m akes its debut tonight at 7 p.m. on KSAT-TV. 

After dom inating the television ratings for 2o years. CBS found th em ­ selves in a very unique position as the 1976-77 television season took hold. 
CBS w as th e No. 3 network. 
ABC s lip p e d up on them last Jan u ary and has never let go. And with the reeent success­ ful co m p letio n of 
“ Roots.’‘ there is no way either CBS or NBC will overtake them between now and June I. the end of this y ear’s rating per­ iod. 
This past week, how­ ever. there was a flip-flop in place num ber two and three. Ratings positions m e a n a . lot to the networks. 
It is their bread and butter. The b e tte r the ra tin g , the better the advertising re ­ venue. 
W hen th e sm o k e cleared away from the hustle of p ro g ram ju g ­ gling to pull the viewing audience, CBS had oust­ ed NBC from the No. 2 ranking. 
During my recent visit to th e W est C o ast, in ­ cluded in our interview 

■ r n 

* v ' 

5 f 
J? 
^ 

Bv LEON* PAPPAS 
TV MIW 

 se ssio n s w as one with 
R obert W u s sle r. p r e s i­ dent of CBS Television 
W ussler, who took over th e re in s a s p re s id e n t la st A p ril, w as asked" w hat he th o u g h t h a p ­ pened to the network in recent months. “ We ran out of gas,’’ he admitted. 
He predicted, however, that CBS would be in the 
No. 2 spot by M arch I. 
(They made it a couple of weeks early.) 
Wussler was moved up to the p residency a fte r serving in the news and s p o rts a re a of the n etw o rk . He said he wished he could have had a year in p ro g ram m in g before assum ing the pre­ sidency. “ I t ’s been an in te re s tin g ex p e rie n c e ru n n in g a th ird -p la c e network, but I feel that will change slowly’’’ he stated. 
He said when he took 
TV LISTINGS 

Pingree* beth*** compiled m 
Hut 1*9 o rt Ittm iiM by the b* levi mom Stott*** cmd o rt itrbfort 
♦t loft minute {honpss 
Tilt m>wifop** h wit title whee litftnqt o rt to ti tor 

1o:3o a.m. (Ch. 9) - RE­ 
BOP * We v isit a L aw ­ re n c e , 
M a ss., 
L atin o teaching his mentally re­ ta rd e d s is te r th ro u g h g a m e s ; in F a ll R iv er, 
M a ss., w h e re a 
17-year-old P o rtu g u e se boy tr ie s to sav e his cultue; and to B u rlin g ­ ton, 
Vt. w h e re a 
15-year-old black girl and her family cling to their cu ltu re in a nearly all- white town. 

11:3o (Ch. 4) - OUT­ 
DOORS - “ R a ftin g the 
C o lo rad o .” At C anyon- lands National Park, we join Julius Boros and his p a rty for an e x c itin g journey down the Colora­ do River. 

11:3o (Ch. 12) - AMERI­ 
CAN BANDSTAND • Host 
Dick Clark welcomes po­ p u la r r e c o rd in g a r t i s t 
Melanie and Dr. Hook. 

Noon (Ch. 4) - TV-4 JOBS 
• Career Planning will be explored with Dr. Sam 
Gould. College of B u si­ ness, UTS A. 

Noon 
(Cb. 
3) 
- CBS 
YOUTH INVITATIONAL 
... SKATEBOARDING • 
This special features six of th e c o u n t tr y ’s top skateboarders competing in a slalom for men and free style for both men and women. 

Noon (Ch. 9) - GRAND 
PRIX TENNIS - Live co­ v e ra g e of the 32-m an field of players com pet­ ing in the $5o,ooo Spring­ field International T en ­ nis Classic, from Spring­ field, Mass. 

12:3o 
(Ch. 
4) 
OUTDOORS WITH KEN 
CALLAWAY * T o d a y ’s show featu res pheasant h u n tin g in New Y ork state. 

2:3o (Ch. 
12) - THE 
PROFESSIONAL 
BOWLERS TOUR - T o­ d a y ’s k e g lin g c o m es from New Orleans, where the b o w lers go for 
$1oo,ooo in th e M id as 
Open at the Expressway 
Lanes. 

3:3o (Ch. 4) • BOB HOPE 
DESERT CLASSIC - Co­ mic Bob will be on hand to host th is se m i-fin a l round of th is 9o-hole tournament. 

3:3o 
(Ch. 
S) 
- 
CBS 
SPORTS 
SPECTACU­ 
LAR * The World Two- 
Man Bobsled cham pion­ sh ip s co m e fro m St, 
Moritz, Switzerland, and we will also see Esteban 
B ejesus defend his WBA lig h tw e ig h t c h a m p io n ­ ship. 

4 (Ch. 12) - ABC’S W IDE 
WORLD OF SPORTS - 
Today’s show will feature the U S.S.R. g y m n a s ts w ith O lga K o rb u t and 
Nelli Kim in a visit to 
Notre Dame; the World 
B a rrel Ju m p in g C h a m ­ pionships in Northbrook, 
IU,, and the Figure Eight 
Stock Car Championship at Gardena, Calif. 

3p(5)MASMVlUI MUSK Tsp. 
•hi Centry «fte*k( Adv.) 

S JO (Ch. 4) - MUSIC h a u l 
AMERICA 
. 

Joined in progress Arth­ ur Godfrey is host with g u e s ts 
Dotts.v, 
Jo d y 
M iller, 
T he 
O sb o rn e 
Brothers. Tom Sullivan, comedian Mike Neun and 
The Even Dozen. 

K M o 1 -T V 

O 
NBC 
7 

The Woody 
Woodpecker Show 

Tho Pink Ponther 

 lough I VS_______ 

6 (Ch. 5) - H EE HAW - 
H osts Roy C lark and 
Buck 
O w ens p r e s e n t country and western m u­ sic and co m ed y w ith guests B arbara Mandrell and Hoyt Axton. 

8 

Hour ft Vt 

9 

OO 
:1 5 
3 o 
4 5 

Speed Buggy 

Monster Squod 

6 (Ch. 12) - LAWRENCE 
WELK SHOW - Today’s p ro g ra m s a lu te s top s o n g s te rs of A m e ric a , including th e m u sic of 
Ted Lewis, Tony Bennett, 
Johnny Cash, Eddie Ar­ nold, H ank W illia m s, 
T e n n e s s e e E rn ie F o rd and Perry Como. 

7 
(Ch. 
4) 
- 
E M E R ­ 
GENCY! 
- 
“ B r e a k ­ dow n.” The fire engine breaks down and. despite advice from the re p a ir­ m an, G age and D esoto try to fix it them selves and get caught in an e m ­ b a r r a s s i n g e m e rg e n c y situation. 

7 (Ch. 5) - THE MARY 
TYLE MOORE SHOW - 
Lou A y re s g u e s ts as 
M u rra y ’s father. While looking for M urray, he bum ps into Mary and a beautiful friendship be­ gins. What they think is a wonderful experience be­ comes a lark to others in the newsroom, especially 
Murray. 

7 (Ch. 9) - LOWELL 
THOMAS REMEMBERS 
- “ 1968.” Martin Luthern 
King an d R o b e rt K en ­ nedy a re a s s a ss in a te d ; the T E T o ffen siv e is lau n ch ed and the U.S. ship “ Pueblo” is seized by North Korea. 

IO 

Spot* Ghost/ 
Fronkemtem lr. 

 tig John, 
Irttie John ll 

OC 
15 
: JO 
4 5 

Arc Porseghkm s 
Sports 

Outdoors 

12 

OO 
>5 
■ 3 o 
4 5 

TV 4 Jobs 

Outdoors with 
K»n (ollowcy 
I 

OO 
:1 5 
3 o 
4 5 
2 

OO 
: I 5 
3 o 
4 5 
3 
4 

 od 
: I S 
3 o 
:4 55 
6 

OO 
: I 5 
3 o 
4 5 
7 

OO 
: I 5 
3 o 
4 5 
8 

OO 
:1S 
3 o 
4 5 
9 

OO 
:!S 
3 o 
4 5 

7 p (1 2 )N A N C Y W A LK E l Iii 
Now 
'ComedyI Blandly'* 
Beauties” Premiere! ( A d v . J 

7 (Ch. 12) - BLANSKY’S 
BEAUTIES - (Prem iere) 
“ Blansky’s Biking Beau­ ty." Nancy Walker stars as a den m o th e r to a g ro u p of 
L as 
V eg as sh o w g irls at the O asis 
Hotel, where she stages lav ish p ro d u ctio n n u m b e rs . 
T o n ig h t’s problem is attendance at the hotel is falling off and 
B lan sk y is w arn ed to com e up w ith a new finale or else. 

7 38 (Ch S) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - Bob is busy talking a friend and a patient out of their fear of falling, but then he has the sam e problem h im s e lf, a f te r a n e a r miss with an open eleva­ tor shaft. 

7:38 (Ch. 12) - FISH - 
“ The C ar." Mike, the ol­ dest foster child, “ b o r­ row s’' F is h ’s ca r for a joyride and ends up in jail. B ecause of F i s h ’s job, the police w on't press charges, but he in­ sists that Mike be treated like everyone else, 

8 (Ch 4) - NHC SATER- 
DAY NIGHT AT THE 
MOVIES - “ The Wi|d 
’P a r ty .” 
J a m es Coco stars as a silent film star who tries to make a 

IO 

OO 
: IS 
3 o 
4 5ll 

OO 
IS 
3 o 
4 5 

Gnus 

College Bosk etboll 
77- 

Texoi vs. 
Texas Tech 

•ob Hope 
Desert Classic 

Music HaU 

•m em o (jig) 

TV 4 Mg News 
Nancy tunnels 

•Kid WU 
World of Ammoh 

Emergency* 

Hewn Tight 
Kandy Monfoofh 

 fuller 

MC Saturday light At me AcUT', 

The Wild 

( a n 
Welch 
Kerry King 

TV4 Big Sews 

U.S. I 
Track Meet 

(I2too) tate Show 
How I Spont My 
Summer Vocation 

 lobert Wagner 

KENS-TV KIRN-TV KSAT-TV 

O 
CBS 
Q 
— i d 
A B - ABC 

Sylvester S 

Tweety 

Clue Club 

 lugs Bunny/ 
Koodrunner Hour 

Torzon. lord of the Jungle 

New Adventures o< Batmen 

Sholom / 

Isis Hour 

 fat Albert and 

 the Cosby Kids 
Ark ll 

CBS Youth 

Invitational 
Way Out Gomes 

Villa Alegre 

Mister Rogers' 
Neighborhood 

Sesame Street 

Once Upon 
A Classic 
Zoom 

Infinity Factory 

Rebop 

Corroscolendcs 

Crockett's Victory 
Garden 

Saturday Matinee 

"More Than 
Magic' 

 flcyton Moore 

Joy Srhrerheels 

That Good Old 
Nashville Musk 
CIS Sports 
Spectacular 

Eyewitness News 

Sylvon Rodriguez 

(IS Evening 
News 

Hee How 

 with hosts luck Owens 

 and Roy Clark 

The Mory Tyler 
Moore Show 

The lo b Newhort 
Shew 

AN In The Fomdy 

Cotton O'Connor 
A ke 

Linda Cavin 

The Carol 
Burnett Shew 

Eyewitness News 

Sylvan Rednguez 
Star Trek 

(H JO ) Rig Show 

"Ftreaaek" fame* Stewart 

Grand Prix 
Tennis 

Springfield 
International 

Tennis Classic 

The Tom A Jerry/ 

/Dumbly Show 
Jabberjow 

Scooby Doo/ 
Oynomutt Show 

 over the network top po­ sition the TV d e v e lo p ­ ment program was “ ter­ rible.” And many of the show s now on the a ir w ere “ ti r e d .” N am in g 
“ K o ja k ,” “ Sonny and 
Cher” and “ Delvecchio" among them. 
In re s p o n s e to q u e s ­ tions about the constant ch an g in g sc h ed u le s all th r e e n e tw o rk s a r e throwing at viewers now, he said it is a loss to the networks to change often hut the econom ics have been so good, they can do this. 
The new prexy said the most difficult part of his job is “ that I had to turn off m y frie n d s. I work seven days a week trying to right our problem s.” 
T he new m id -se aso n re p la c e m e n ts for CBS have all made their debut now. 
T h ese in clu d ed 
“ The Andros T ra g e ts ,” 
“ Code R ,” 
“ B u s tin g 
Loose" and “ H unter.” 
T h e re a r e couple o th e rs w hich w ill be showing up soon. “ Nash­ ville 99,’’ w ith C laude 
Akins, in 
March, and 

“ Dick and Jan e." which will have Susun Hey in the lead. These are both in the m ini-stage at the m o m e n t 
Should they click , th e re should he more. 
Specials 
T h e re a re also th ree specials in March that all look good 
O ne, “ T h e M in s tre l 
M an," On March 3, is an insight into the era of black minstrelsy. Shirley 
MacLaine has a variety sp e cia l s c h e d u le d on 
March 5. And a perfectly beautiful dram a. “ A Cir­ cle of Children,” will be show n M arch IO T hat one you shouldn’t miss.- 
Jan e Alexander and R a­ chel R oberts co-star in the two-hour film about em ot ion ally dist u rb e d children who have diffi­ culty in communicating. 
Now that Wussler finds his network iii N o. 21 lie is p ro b ab ly re la x in g a little. For, as he a d m it­ ted. if things d o n ’t im ­ prove "next year you'll be talking to another guy up here." 
* 

CBS has added a bit to its CBS M orning News that should be of interest to most everybody these days. 
It is tips on how to save on your tax returns They have com e up with all kinds of deductions 
CBS News B u s in e ss 

Jane A le x a n d e r stars in “ A Circle of 
C h ild ren /1 an upcom ing production on 
CBS. 

C o rre s p o n d e n t 
Ray 
Brady started last Mon day morning passing out hits of advice on the 7 a .m news show . 

* dr* 

Bort Lance, Director of tilt' O ffice of M a n a g e ­ ment and Budget, will be the guest on “ Meet the 
P re s s " Sunday al ll 3o a m on KMOL-TV. 
Reporters interviewing 
L ance in c lu d e 
P aul 
S te ig e r of the 
Los 
Angeles T im es, Joseph 
Kraft of Field Newspaper 
Syndicate and Irving R. 
Levine of NHC News 

C B S’ “ F ace th e N a ­ tion.” at 1o:3o a iii , will have A ttorney G en eral 
Griffin Bell as guest 

-** + 

R ichard S tra u s s ’ d r a ­ m a tic one-act o p e ra , 
"Salom e,” will be heard today at I p m. on KMAC 
Radio 
Lonnie Rysanek will In* sin g in g tin* r o le of Sa-, louie; A strid V arnay is 
Herodias; Hagnar Ulfund is Herod and ln g v a r 
Wixell is Jochanaan Tint c o n d u c to r is 
E r i c h 
Leinsdorf 

Th* KroHt jMOgtgg 

Super friends 

Oddball Coup!* 

America* 
Bandstand 

Drek Clark 

 h host 
Opinion 

Community Report 

Insight 

Squawk box 

Capulina p m , Ch. 41 

El Chapulln 
Colorado 
7:38 p.m., 
Ch. 41’ 

Bill Dont* 
Outdoors 
Pro Bowlers 

Tour 

Th* Garden 
Show 
(m em o Showcase 
Eileen Hetkort 

NOVA 
Th* Plastic 

Prison'' 

People ond ideas 

School Talk 

Filing bn* 

Wilhom F. 

Buckley, Jr. 

Lowell I homos 

Remembers 
The Way It Was 

PKodiNy Circut 
"Th* Author 

 of Boitraffto ' 

PRS Movie 

Theatre 
Alexander 

Nevsky 

Nikolai Chertfnwv 

Sounditag* 
•ayIon leanings 

Jesse Colter 
Johnny KeWtguez 

ABC s Wide 
World of Sports 

ABC Evening News 

Ted Koppel 

The Lawrence 

Wtlk Show 

Blonsky's Beauties 
Honey Walk ti 

Fish 
Abe Y^orlo 

Stanky I Hutch 

David Soul 
Pool Michael 

Glaser 

Most Wonted lobert Stock 

Shelly Novock ie Ann Hams 

NewsWetch 

Graham Smith 

Superstar Cinema 
Hw Gel fmroy " 

, Cary Grant 

(123o) U M I 
The P illa r 

Dick Powell 

Lo Vol del 
Evangels 

El Show de Cornuto 

Cornuto Jiminez 

Cine del 
Sobado 

Is Dinah Shore E liza­ beth 
M on tgom ery’s m other? Her father is 
G eorge 
M ontgom ery, onre married to Dinah. 
—Mrs. J R. 

T hat’s a new twist of an old query. Dinah is d e ­ finitely NOT Elizabeth's m o th e r. 
N e ith e r is 
George her father. Eliza­ b e th ’s father is Robert 
M o n tg o m ery who m a r ­ ried socially prom inent 
E liz ab e th A llen. E liz a ­ beth’s mother. 

★ * ★ 

Is 
Tony 
Orlando married? If so, does he have any children? —Jill 

T ony and his w ife, 

Kathy, are the parents of two sons, Jon and Kenny. 

★ db dr 

. 
I am a fan of Lindsay 
Wagner and I would Uke to know where to write her. Also, I think I have seen her in a movie hut 
I'm not su re. Has she made any movies? —A.S. 

Yes, Lindsay has been in 
“ Two 
P e o p le ,’’ 
“ P a p e r C h a s e ’’ an d a new one, "Second Wind ” 
Her deal with Universal includes making one fea­ ture film for every year 
"T he Bionic W om an” is on TV. W'rite her at Uni­ v ersal, U niversal City, 
Calif. 916o8. 

o 
A 
Wa 

 cbRistian 
Radio aioliVMO 

WHITE KHI FRIE PROGRAM SCHEDULE 
KD RY— B O X 6 6 2 8 
San Antonio, T o x a i 7 8 2 o 9 

"El Ultimo 
(ortucho 
Manuel Lopez 
Ochoa 

 ton tome 
Falcon 

Sol y 
Pimiento 
Otcor Zomoro 

I w ho Libre 

(Wrestling) 

Las Aventurin 

 de CopuJmo 
Osespaito 
Roberto lo!olios 

 lo Melee do los Poitvoces 
Edwordo Mon torso 

 i »■ Kin* Oconto 

 lox de Mexico 

Las Invent)hies 

■IHI 

 com eback by showing a movie he has produced to a p a rty of the “ r ig h t” people. He gets his g irl­ friend Queenie (R aquel 
W elch ) to ex te n d the invitations. The audience responds favorably and the party degenerates in­ to wild revelry. 

8 (Ch. S) - ALL IN THE 
FAMILY • When an a l­ ready crowded subway is invaded by an obnoxious drunk, Mike takes leave of his senses and violates one of his strongest prin­ ciples, much to Archie’s delight, 

8 (Ch. 12) - ST ARSKY k 
HUTCH • "R evenge.’’ An e s c a p e d c o n v ic t’s 
“ ju n k ie ” son is sent to jail and dies there. The convict holds Starsky and 
Hutch responsible for the b o y ’s d e a th and re ta lia te s by wounding 
Starsky s girlfriend. 

8:31 (Ch. S) • ALICE . 
Much to her d ism a y , 
Alice learns from the tax collector that she owes a fortune in back taxes left unpaid by her late hus­ band, 
I ( t i I) • THE CAROL 

BURNETT SHOW - C ar­ ol’s guest tonight will be singer Eydie Gorme. 

9 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
MOST 
W ANTED - "T he Ritual 
K ille r .” J a m e s O lsen guests. A noted newsman who has an u n can n y knack for le a rn in g the fac ts s u r ro u n d in g a s e rie s of w eird d e a th s b eco m es the m ain link betw een the police and the killer. 

9 (Ch. 9) - PBS MOVIE 
THEATRE - “ Alexander 
Nevsky" starring Nikolai 
C h e rk a sso v , 
S erg ei 
Eisenstein’s film about a 
Russian hero’s defeat of the Teutonic invaders in 
1241 features a spectacu­ lar “ B attle of the Ic e” and one of the m ost s tr ik in g s c o re s ev er composed for a film. 

18:38 (Ch. 4) - VITALIS 
U.S. OLYMPIC INTER 
NATION AL TRACK AND 
FIELD MEET 
Many of the world’s finest track and field competitors will be in action in New 
York's Madison Square 
Garden, 

18:38 (Ch. 12) 
SI Pl ii 

 s t a r C IN E M A 
HIH 

G irl F r i d a y ” s ta r r in g 
C ary G ra n t, R o salind 
Russel) and R alph Bel­ 

 lam y. A re p o rte r helps; condem ned m an escape! becau se she knows his; execution is planned as a vote-getting measure. 

11:3o (Ch. 5) - BIG SHOW 
• 
“ F i r e c r e e k ” s ta r s la m e s S te w a rt, Henry' 
Fonda and Inger Stevens. 
F a rm er with a part-time job as sheriff in a small town finds himself face to face with a gang of out­ law drifters. (R) 

Midnight (Ch. 4) - THE 
LATE SHOW - “ How I 
Spent My Sum m er Vaca­ tio n ’’ s t a r r i n g R o b ert 
W a g n er and Lola A l­ b rig h t. A young m a n ’s struggle between illusion and reality is told against the background of an in­ tern atio n al conspiracy. w hen he is in v ited to sp en d his v acatio n a b o a rd the y a c h t of a millionaire. 

12 3o a.m. (Ch. 12) 
THE 
LATE MOVIE 
“ Pit- fay ” Dick Powell and 
Lizabeth Scott sta r. An insurance agent, investi­ gating a lK‘autiful blonde, b eco m e s involved with her and tragedy results. 

J 
COLOR US 
And Win FREE TICKETS TO 

WORDS OF 
CHAMPIONS 

Seedling FU* practice booklets ar* now available lo student* planning lo participate in th* San An tome 
Hem Spelling Bee on April 3o 
Thee* ar* typical word* used in tile Bee all over tho country 

PnvaW public and parochial school* in Bexar 
Kendall. Comal, Kerr * 
Bandera. Medina Trio. 
Atatcaea Wilton. Guadalupe. 
McMullen Zavala. Dimmit, anc 
Val Verde court tie* a r• eligible 
Inhuman, rn can be obtained by willing Spelling Be* Editor San 
Antonio Mew* P O Bo* 2171. 
San Antonio, Texas IIJI? 

EXPRESS-NEWS NIGHT 

..................... 

•sad ms We See. 

A D D R E SS 

 c m 

 at the 

 fam ous 

19, SOUTH PARK MAU 

GRAND PRIZE WINNER w ill receive box heat tickets for entrant and fom ily to the E xp ress-N ew s N ig h t, 
Sat., Feb. 19, and w ill ride on the lead eleph an t in the 
G ra n d Entry P arad e I 

C O N T IS ? B U U S ; 
Im run Mimed ie tM *t« ll eld 

I Mf tx t mmi be rttetved et the I »*«»»» hem »**«• A** I end Ibud SI, Ny n m . 
Ivttdey. Fed IS 
(Mn*! *41 be ridged et neemeit end 
■■mebN mmmtMmmmmtimm 

I (MUIXX IWS COUPON WITH TOUB FINISHED I HIRT 
I NIMH MUNT 

I HAIM 
I 
I ADONIST 

AGI 

I •*(•»» Mewl G et*i (eeteet, 
PO le a l i l t , lex** m 
TF 

(ITT 

 i 11L (PHOM! HUMM! 
I 
I 
C 

ZIP 

Ae**we New* f Q. 
Circus V a rg a s, p e rfo rm in g un d er the w o rld ’s la rg est tra v e lin g big top, w ill be at 
M a ll, Reb. I h • 22 fo r I 2 p erform ance* 
South 8 a rb 
- r 

 t 

H Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February I 2 1977 

D OW TONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE W Y S E INDEX 

57 
56 
55 
54 

V 
A 
/ 
/u/ 
A / t-.... 
I 
--- y , d ... 

 r a 
\ S f i \ 
J 
..........V 
V a 
AaJ WW 
U 

N Y S E IN D E X ^ 
I 
; 

* V 
SCdCC o<v I l i t 

E x p r e s s 
- 
N e w s a n a l y s i s 

MONDAY — In a divergent market, tile Dow Jones Ind ustrial Average closed off 1.58 or o 17 per cent at o46.31, w hile N ASI'] index of all common stocks had a small rise of o.o2 or ll H4 per cent at 55.48. Gainers led all day, but slipped near the close. Advancing issues ran 735 over oo3 losers. Volume at 2o,7oo.ooo shares was the smallest of 
1o77. International Harvester, a Dow stock, posted a new 1o76-77 high. 
Tl'IO SD A Y — 
Tile Dow ran up 4 points iii the first two hours, but ner­ vousness over President Carter's first press conference, sparked a late re­ treat. General Motors sold off I 7/8 following news of record fourth quarter earnings The IM IA closed off 
4 117 at o42.24, lowest i i i 12 weeks. The 
NA SI', index had a smaller percentage his-, of (I 15 points at 55.33. Advancing groups included golds, electronics and 
TV issues. 
W tD N liS U A A — The downtrend continued on a broad and sharp scale. 
Brokers said that despite moderating weather in the Northeast, fears ol economic effects of gas shortage con­ tinued to influence trading. Motor stocks were heavily sold, led by GM 
(off 2) oil fears that the President’s forthcoming energy message would involve restraints on auto use The 
D UA closed off 8 4tl 

T H I RSDAY — The Dow Jones In­ dustrials performed better than the general market, posting a rise of 4.o8, as bargain hunters sought out over­ sold blue chips. In the market as a whole, advancing and declining issues were about even, and the N Y S E index managed a gain of only o o3. Buying was encouraged by testimony at a 
Congressional hearing that layoffs re­ sulting from the extreme cold weather had halved. 
FR ID A Y — The market sold off on volume of 2o.51o.ooo shares, lightest of the year. The D JIN fell 6 4o to 931.52 and the N Y SE index lost o.32 at 54 37. 
Airlines were hcuv ily sold on reports of competitive fare reductions. 

S I MAI ARA 
- The 1MIA broke its 
December low on Monday, and the 
NA SE, a broader measure of the mar­ ket, penetrated its December low on 
Frid a y. The Dow posted its sixth straight weekly In*.*., bringing lls net decline for 1977 to date to 73 13 points. 

RA N G E — High was made on Mon­ day at 954.7o. Low was made on Friday at 926 o3. Close. Friday. 931.52. Loss on the week. 16.37 Volume, all shares traded on the NASI',, 111 23 million shares. 

ANAIY$1S BY (M A RU S t CARDIN 

Y e a r ' s H i g h s 

A n d L o w s 

 i ut 
IMN 

N Y Stocks new 
N F W H IG H S 
Ant Hoist 
B a ld w in O H 
B a te s M fq 
( L Asst pl 
Clark Oil 
CoU/SoOh pf 
Co* SO J Opt 
C n P w I <Wpf 
Del M onte 
D illin q tim 
D'Hnqt) pl 
$ riq ilro n c 
F u q u a Inc! 
G e tty Oil 
G e tty O ilp t 
Johnsn le n t 
Jo hns Ccw 
L o n a lL ' I 

N J W L O W b 
A W A Svt 
A tPeo Str |it pet ta A i n 
D u n e y W 
I' ast Kodak 
M B i p Ie * 
G ^ u m Pts 
R O P aper 
Jo t)p s i i John 

Anteri t an new h 
N J W H IG H S 
B .ir r y W tg t 
B e ll lndust 
C k P e lt OI 
C ctrl tnt PW A 
C pi i M er rill 
(a r o o n Ind 
Ceti v a I Com 
(often M alt f codyne 
I s m ** CS 
H astint!*. M i 
Hudson G en 
Intl Beknot 

N E W I O W i 
D e lM o n P r 
D illa rd Dp* 
Dom tar 

 high low s 
35 
M a y e rose 
M c o r w M ill 
M e tg d p t J 
M o P . k l.p 
P e a b d y Int 
C a P L O ld 
P S F 12 25pf 
W ichm nd Cp 
W io G ra n d e 
Sto tt J ores 
Siqnai Co 
Sigel ? ?opt 
Te< h e icoir 
I r e c e n t (Opt 
T rin ity ind 
I IV In V Slipt 
United Corp 

J ot dense 
I illy E h 
L yk***. ( orp 
M a y D Str 
M m riM M 
Pe n n e y JC 
StH eq .s P a p 
UAL Inc 
UniyJ-ds 

T 

 lorn. 

M o P a t W R 
P G F Sp* 
CL Id I SOpt 
P L t q 4 /$pt 
Crud G ro up 
R ile y Co 
Rot k d w ay 
Sat et r art A 
Si-apori p l 
Virtlech tn t 
Vopie* Corp 
A a v R i E l 

IT IC P wi 
U n A iD Inc 

Shlock 

Hi tnt *««fc 
SbiyyC 
Eh**# veto 'WA ll) 

* 
Mitt i rn u rn v* 
* l9niit>«Gitf( l l AO 

 m ttt fH JS Cm OC 
A J IV* M ti rn «u.fMA 
I > fie ib if ae i f r 
MHH* * KHI 

L i r l c a n ' t 

 n a i v e r i « £ l i l M 

VV A FO .'Tex. (A F ) - 
An 11-yeur-uUl girl, un* accompanied by a parent ur attorney, cannot waive her rights and confess a burglary, the int it Court of C ivil Appeals has ruled 
Tile court reversed aud remanded to the trial court Thursduv the com­ mitment of the girl to the 
Texas Youth Council as a delinquent. 
**( an an 11-year-old g irl of average in te l­ ligence for her age, with a sixth-grade education, 
•knowingly, intelligently and voluntarily* waive her constitutional privilege against self-ni- crimtnatiun. where she has spent from midnight to 9 a.in, iii the Juvenile 
Detention Center, and where she has had no guidance from or the presence of a parent . . . or ail attorney? We think not," the court said. 
The slate charged the girl with burglary of a 
Corsicana apartment. 

S .A. I jvt'sln ck 
| W Im lo u lc Meat 

I I DL WAL ST A t i 

M A R K E I N L W S S I W V K t 

( A T T I . I 
A N D 
( A L V I S 

R eceip ts this w eek w e re estim o t ed ut S SOQ o iid c o m p a re *, w ith 
' OO I last wi t * and ( o4o tost y e a r 

C O M P A R L O TO L A S T W i t K 

S la u g h te r c a lv e s an d veu r lings stead y 
Lim ite d supply slaughter 

 cow , 5o ren ts to t i VO higher with full a d v a n ce com ing at rind ween 
Slaughter bulls stead y to SO cents h ig h e r fe e d e r ste e rs an d bulls 

 v e ry a c tiv e m o stly $2 higher with sonic* thin Good steers St h ig h e r f e e d e r h e lle r s a ls o u n d e r v e r y good di m ood and ran g ed SI to t i higher w ith thin otic rings at toll a d v a n c e 
L o c a l te n d e r b u y e r s 

I u n la d in g w ith outside* in te re sts awuin this week 
( urn pc titian v e ry 

 see n on th in ten d e r c a t tle go d i g ive s 
V o lu m e ut ca ttie m o vin g 

 lo m a rk e t this w eek q u ite la rg e d u e lo p le a s a n t w e a th e r ro n d i lio n s u n d s t r o n g e r p r i c e , to r n e a r ly o il f lo s s e s 
S u a b ly th is 

 w eek o n ly a b o u t IO 12 b e r ce n t slaug hter cla s s e s B a la n c e m om iv G o o d a n d C n o ir e IOO 6oo lh feeder steers and bulls and G ood cm d C h o ic e JOO ‘>oo lo . fe e d e r b e t t e r s v e r y te w s la u g h t e r 

 calve*, and y e a rlin g s ottered 

S L A U G H T E R C A L V E S A N D 

Y E A R L IN G S 
* cry ( (iou e 4SO SSO 

 lb s 
S J I J I 
G o o d a n d C h o ic e 

45o 6oo lbs $32 25 14 5o S ta n d a rd and Good 48o (GO lbs $26 ifs 32 5o 

S i A U G H 11 R ( u W b 
U tility I 2 

$26 19 so 
C o tte r $22 25 2/ 25. 

 m ostly $21 2a SO Cunner $1/ 24 

S L A U G H T E R H U L L S 
Y te ld 

 g rad e I 2 !.?oO I /SO tbs SJO 5o 35 
I JOO lbs $28 
LEDER 

,o SO. 
TIERS 
A N O 
I tb s 

 cent 
■gi 

54o 45 e a rly se ek sale s- C o e d .'SO JOO Ii t 42 w ilt! trim s le e t s >>/ 
IOO SOO His 
$ 6 4 2 . la rg e ly $ ti 

 md up 5oo 6oo lbs. $35 5o JO ew up lo S II. som e fleshy 45o i bs sales m ostly $32 IS 25 

F I E G E R H E U E R S 
G o o d e 

I horte sot) SOO lh* $31 25 35. I rely $ i J a n d a b o v e lu te 
G c io loo 
/OSO. 3oo J Ut. 
•bs 
$ )o SO J I . 
SOO 625 lb s 

$26 25 J ', few lots S ta n d a rd and low G ood 525.5o 26 

O TH C **5 
J ew sm all lots m ost 

 ly G ood 4oo 525 id re p la c e m e n t 

 ne lie r s $32 5o 35 25 f e w G o o d 

 cow coit p a irs 
$2.1 2/2 5o p i ' p a ir 

H O G S 
R e ce ip ts this week I, IOO 

 and co m p are s w ith VQJ last week and /iv lust year 

C O M P A R E D TO L A S T W E t k 

B u rro w s and gilts 25 cents to E t 5o tower but not tested otter t aes 

<kiy Sow s ‘ read* 
B A R R O W S A N O G IL TS 
Je w 

U S 
I J IVO 2 1o ids 
$.16 25 
I- J 

2oo 24o lbs $36 3V 2 J JOO 26o lbs 
$3/ 36 
S O W S 
U S l l 26o 35o lb s 

552 ) 4 
IOO BOU lbs $1o 1o 5o f e w 

U S J 3 4oo 6oo tbs $2/ 5o 26 

 i h n a l ia liv c f r to r k 

UMANA NrL t A F MU <»(> A j it vip a 

 aul*’**torn firt<i#* 
,.r r n’JU s ^ r s sr*! '.X v u 

Ills 
WW*, meshy PMO, r n tun tm 
*6 rn m M 
Conn 
Iliff t o f %.M|5p< * *«#( 
©MSC I*®®® b* w d mar* 

 fi WD nepi c im 

 l s . 5 o o w a u l 

* | > a c e 

HOUSTON (A F ) Tin* director uf flight opera­ tions ai the Johnston spat e Center xaui Friday mort* than I , MMI persons have applied for the 3U aslronauts candidate* to 
Ih* named late this year, 
George V\, S Abbe) said ten per tent of the application* have conte from women. 

 h§r 
V#hf* ■ lo t* 

Market hits 3-month low 

 f E D E RA I. S T A T E 

M A R K E ! N E W S S E R V I C E 

W H O L E S A L E M E A T T R A D E 
(le s s th an c a r lo t) W E E K L N G 
IN G 2 IO l l 

C O M P A R E D TO L A S T W I E K 

Good and Choice steer and heifer beef steady lo St low er Cow beet 
Si J nigher. B u ll beef stead y Colt 
St 3 higher Good and C b o ite beef p rim e rs 
H in d q u a rte rs ste ad y to 

5 J low er f orc q u a r t e r s s te a d y 

S a u u re cut c h u c k s ste a d y 
A r n i 

 chuck sleud y to 5' low er Round s 

 s te a d y 
R id s s te a d y 
T r im m e d 

 loins steady to $3 higher B o n e less cow beet and bull beet RO tier te n t lean s 'e ad v 
S U E R A N D H L I f E R ( J I M 

Choree IOU IOU lbs 
46 165 
Stu n 

 du»d and Good I 3, 55o 6oo lus. 

$62 6 5 

C O W b t I k 
B r e a k in g U tility 

I J. $4V 
B o n in g U tility 1-3, $53; 

Conner and (u tte r . $55 

B U L L 
Y ield g rad e I I , 6oo lbs 

 and up $61 
IOO 6oo lbs $6.1 

C A L P 
G o o d a n d 
C h o ic e , 

ISO 3oo tbs 562 

B E E F P R IM A L * 
Yie ld 2 4 

H id a u a r t e r s 6 M S 18o lb s 

C hoice i l l 65. Good $/4 81 

T O R E Q U A R I E R S — 12o 16o 

 lbs 
Good and ( hence $51 55 

S Q U A R E CUT C H U C K S - 5o 8o 

 lbs . Good cmd Choice $56 6.1 

A R M C H U C K S - 5o VO lb s , 

Good and Choice $54 5v 

R O U N D S - 5o 85 lot 

$/6 w . G ood i l l 85, 
R I B S - 
25 35 Id s 

$85 Vt) Good $8o 85 

I R IM M E D L O IN ! 
C hon e VOV Good EYO 65 

B O N E E E SS < O W B t L f 

 ford leon $/5 

B O N E L E S S B U L E B E E 

C h o ice 

. C h o ic e 

4o IO lbs , 

I *.i u l i . i ii* 11** L i $ « * w | ( M ' k 

-* 'y*' liij- mw FAC aff % twxi rn* if 
***** s &uv»*Vs (rftr!/ *o»T’ipi*Ap 
*«if < hfV d«m repents i i pa 

GMA Bi 't i l ) Ta. 
IAF) lf**#". J) 
«*$$»»' #h® 68 #3$ JMT* o(11# 
(Mtdiah! FJ^XlT t«f| frfigfy 

 s.*.* si kiiws art® hitter* at###, 

 m y JfMlluJ* 'h|«.r'«l GUM 
^ %3'ify '■MIU** ip **£*) %’ooyKtw v»a*r% 
Sid*g®MSf 
Gnpvl Ar«o y 
■ tW 'f'fQ to aucant iJiflUJ* 2 4 1o*1o (IOO 
* * 
"NJ aeon 4n<3 < Huicv J 4 
I MMU ft* V Iii bt OO 

Gmoti Mn\ 
H a t* 7 4 vHg) im, (I 
14 ie rn 

■AWO .f»5o lfvoie** 2 4 i f s tgfifi jx IO 
IL ( 
JAMAJ rfNIJ N*1N • hOfC« 2 

I ta y ir rn 
D yr* %*4>«U urn*arm s Fc4ca«r6 'ty fir c.f|* Mffclti #f S jppl ^ i Mr. (ftm & i m*r«, Fr OhJva J % 

*5 * * * 1 *****( omuan .rs 

* fun# loo** 4 Aal (TIAO* tit 

Ms*'* .f*#, 

 fi' it trwri 'I'M#(ict i 

Miitaf fpm % port 4 MNMPfk# 
4«sr r 
MMF AH 

On f 
4 iff* * * * 

Marketplace 

G M F THI ( KS 
I W hrrl Drive. Sh«rl A 
Lung Wheel Base Van- dura* A Suburbans 
TINDALL A SU N 
Colmar, GMt 

N E W YO U K (AF*) - 
The stock market wound up its sixth consecutive losing week Friday with a decline that left the 
Dow Jones industrial average at a three-month low. 
The Dow average of 3o blue chip stocks dropped 
8.4o to 931.52, its lowest close since it finished at 
927.69 last Nov. 12. 
The Dow has fallen 73 points since the start of the year, erasing all but aMut 7 points of its gain in a brisk end-ol-1976 rally. 

Loss 

For the past week the average’s loss added up to 16.47 points. 

Losers held an 8-5 ad­ vantage over gainers in the daily tally on the New 
York Stock Exchange. 

Big 
Board volume slipped to an early-1977 low of 2o.51 m illion shares, down from 22.34 million Thursday. 

The m arket’s poor showing in January and early February has been traced to a variety of in­ fluences, among them: 

—Concern over cold weather iii the east and drought on the West 
Coast and their potential negative effects on busi­ ness activity and prices for food and fuel. 

—Conjecture that economies stimulus pro­ grams from the govern­ ment might increase in­ flationary pressures. 

—A weak bond market, which has had the effect of pushing up long term interest rates, 

On F rid a y the Dow suffered from weakness in two of its iud iv idual components — Eastman 
Kodak aud International 
Paper 

Kodak, the most active 
W S F issue, was down 
2*-h at 71 'n as of the 4 p.m. close in New York. 
Analysts said the 8.6 per cent fourth-quarter earn­ ings gain reported by the company late Thursday fell short of some ad­ vance W all Street es- 

 timats. 
I-Paper w as dow n I 1* at 53 in active trading. 
Two financial columns 
Friday morning reported that analysts had reduced their appraisal of the com pany’s pro­ spects. 
Such big-name issues 

 can sometimes exert an influence on the over-all market. 
Airline stocks were an­ other weak spot on reports of stiff price- eompetition in the in­ dustry. U AL gave up P s to 21%; Am erican /\ir- lines % to 12, and TWA •% 
O range juice yield should be reduced 

Although the Depart­ ment of Agriculture re­ ported that a record 
Florida orange crop is in the offing despite the freeze there last month, production of both frozen concentrate and chilled juice should he below last season’s record levels, due to the decreased juice yield from the frosh fruit. 
Prior to the freeze, it was estimated that from each 96 pound box of or­ anges 1.29 gallons of 
.juice could he extracted, but due to the evapora­ tive effects uf the cold weather, that figure was revised downward to only 
1.17 gallons per box and it could he reduced further in the next esti­ mates winch are due for release by the Agricul­ ture 
D epartm ent on 
March 16th. 
The prospects for a de­ crease in production at the same time that con­ sumption should show a further im provem ent would result in a draw down iii inventories bv 

C O M M O D IT Y 

R 
E W 
! R T n 
L r l m l 
Furnished by Gerald S. 
Cohn, vice ’president, sales division. San An­ tonio office, Uache Hal- sev Stuart Inc 

 the end of the season. 
It is this scenario that has led processors to raise their wholesale price to levels well over last year’s and pushed the futures market for concentrate up dramati­ cally. 
From a level of around 
39 cents per pound, in mid-January futures ex­ ploded and cu rren tly stand at about the 76 cent level basis March, the nearest delivery month. 
W inter keeps shoppers hom e 

W A SH IN G T O N (A P ) 
— 
The 
Com m erce 
Department said Friday that consumer purchases slowed substantially in 
Ja n u a ry, giving firm evidence that the cold w inter weather kept many shoppers at home during the month 

L o < 
* a l s t o c k s * 

 j j u le i* ! 
VV k 
I Iii * VV , , k 
V t 

H ill 
V * k 
B i l l 
V *k 
I J u n i o r 

\ f iif - r N ' o L i l f .............. 
-o . 
3 ' t 
2 ' ■ 
.3 '» 
--- 

H t - x u r C h . B k ................. 
J I i l l 
--- 

I la IV l f r iiih I i i f .............. 
.M I 
2 1 
1 8 ' t 
I O 
' t 
‘ I i i I D 

D u t u p o i n t ........................ 
2 5 
2 5 i 
2 r 
» 
2 5 ' 3 t i n ' i 

I f t r t > l I I i i ........................ 
2 3 'n 
2 1 1 ^ 
2 1 ' n 
2 1 * 3 
. I n 2 '3 

F rii- 1 B . m k < i » r j i . . 
. . 2< 
2 2 
2 o ' j 
o ) 1 , 
U | t ' 3 

(a i i I f* F l i t * r g v 
................. 
1 3 ' . 
I I 1 i 
1 1 > i s - : 
. I n I '3 

M f n * u t 
I x ( u h u h . . . 
2 7 ii 
2 i t ’ 3 
• I* 
‘ I i i a 

M f r f ‘ J 
I x I M i l . . . i t T ’ t 
O H ' i 
I m 
’ I 
( » ii' i 
. I n 2 

< M n i i i if i.i B r r vt . . . . 
A l i i i i i 
5 5 11 l i p *4 

M 
I F o f l f v a * . . . . 
• I T 
311 l i p I 

S e n i o r < i n | t .............. 
1 2 'i t 
1 2 ’ n 
I 3 ' 3 
I t l i p I 'n 

W i n n * ............................... 
2 1 * i 
2 2 * i 
2 1 ' I 
2 2 ' i f i l l ' J 

W I E N i . . * i 
I h i* 
N i l 

( . o n r o v I i i f .................... 

VV a k 

I 
I 

VV . , k 

I *» 

I l u m p ' 

 l i p 1 ii 

T o \ - > i a n l f $ B i t . >to 
. . . . 
6 

( I oNt f ll ( . o r j t ................ 
I T ' 3 
I T U l i p ' I 

I ( J M o t o r I n n * 
U ' I 
o 'n u p h i 

M 
N |, 

3 2 ‘ if 
« !u I 'it 

H a r l f - H a i t k * .............. 
______ 2 H 
2 8 ' i u p ' i 

I f » o r o IN * I ..................... 
B t 
1 5 ‘ a f i n 'n 

V I M I V I 
I I M i " 

I > \ \ 1 a p G r o w i i i o g o * g 
I . • Im 
7 . ( t i 
‘ I i i . I I 

I "" \ \ I I l f o i l lf* . . . . • • x x . 
. . I I J U 
I U M t i n . o 2 

I n i i f i l N - r v i f f y . . . . 
. . 
1 .3 2 
L I O l i p .O H 

J he agency estimated that total retail sales during Ja n u a ry were 
856.6 billion, down 2 per cent from December and* ihe first decline in four months. 
Total retail sales dur­ ing the month, however. still were 16 per cent higher than iii January of lust year. 
Sales of autos and auto parts declined in January by $719 million to a total of more than $11.2 b il­ lion. 
'1'he 
Com m erce 
Department’s figures are adjusted for seasonal variations, hut the ad­ justm ent form ula ob­ viously did not take into account the severity of the w inter so far in 1977. 
The figures, which are preliminary, are not ad­ justed for inflation 
Decline 
The 
Com m erce 
Departm ent said total sales of durable goods — merchandise with a life expectancy of ut least three years — declined 3 jwr cent in January to a total of slig htly more than $19 billion. 
Sales of nondurable goods totaled nearly $37.5 billion, down I per cent from December. 
The Curter ad m inis­ tration has been counting on stronger consumer* buying to keep the recovery from recession going. 

W h y a l l t h e 

 e x c i t e m e n t 

 a b o u t o p t i o n s ? 

Mote and more people are discovering the attractive money-making opportunities options ofter You can too. by attending this special two-part 
Bache Halsey Stuart seminar 

Dates: Monday. February 14th and Wednesday February 16th, 7:3o P M 

W here: Bache Halsey Stuart Office 
Alamo Savings Tower. 9o1 N E. Loop 41o 

Speaker: G ene O'Brien. Bache Halsey Stuart Account Executive 

Com e learn how options can be used to lock in profits ..or to limit losses. Find out how they can create additional income from stocks you already own! We ll include a trank discussion of ttie risks as well as the potential rewards to enable you to decide it options are right tor you 

Admission is free To reserve your seats call (512) 828-7141, or return the coupon Options Clearing Corporation prospectuses will be distributed 

Bache Halsey Stuart Inc 
Alamo Saving* Tower 9o1 N E loop 41o. San Antonio, Tex 782o9 
(512) 828-7141 • James E Trice Mg/ 

Please reserve ... seal(i) tor your options Seminar 
L I can t anend but please send additional information 

 cl fie yip 

 ft QfttH JJfisyum bu N netx pftano 

Bde tm rid.aby kl agit ebontx ptogxo give noma and otota of gccouto g.w ub vg 

Bache 
Halsey 
Stuart 

 to lur. 
In the day’s economic news, the Labor Depart­ ment reported a o.5 per cent rise in wholesale prices last month, about what Wall Street had ex­ pected. 
Ja n u a ry retail sales figures showed a 2 per 

 cent drop, ascribed to adverse weather, but sales data for last week recorded a 3.3 per cent rebound. 
Standard & Poor's in­ dex of 4o6 industrials was down .69 at 111.25, and 
S & P ’s 5o6-stock index lost .66. 

Other readings for the day; the N Y S E ’s compo­ site index, down .32 at 
54.57; the 
A m erican 
Stock Exchange market value index, off .65 at 112 even, and the NASDAQ composite index of over- the-counter stocks. .2o lower at 98 o9. 

5 
o 
, o 
o 
o 
S W E E P S T A K E S 

WINNING 
NUMBERS 

Deadline 5 PM Mon. 2-14-77 
*5o 463-o1-8747 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*25 459-22-o532 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

$2 5 464-44- 83o91 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
MO 542- 16- 37871 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

466-32-8942 
TWO *5 SPURS TICKETS 

345-o1-2o7o 
TWO *5 SPURS TICKETS 

S 1 ©438-OI-6565 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1o448 - 3o-1975 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1o453- 92-92o4 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

*1 o462- o4-9796 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

253-64-4o66 
TWO.*} SPURS IjCKjlS. 

541-o9-981o 
TWO s5 SPURS TICKETS 

455-o3-1727 
TWO '5 SPURS TICKETS 

Claims not honored on Sot. or Sun. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SW EEPST A K ES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. A LI PRIZES ARE IN THE FORM O F GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N E W S , 

O R W EEK END EXPRESS-N EW S THIS W EEK . Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1,ooo OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN WIN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you're the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you’ll be awarded an ADDI* 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more 

 drawings y o u ’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE N EC ESSA RY . Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a m. to 5:3o p.m. Monday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

The Rules: 

I. TO INTER itmply WI m «#*« •n*ry <ewp 
Wirt* att *•«*<*•*'*4 M*ftrm*h**i 
•NI yaw SmnM SMB cm* tty Ngmbt* a # mail .* ta $Wflfi|TAKII I I 
PRUS ANO NEWS 
PO 
SOI 
U H Sa* Aataaia. I rn mot 7® 3*7 
Tha antry «aapea agst Ka adfcar a® ta a jsat*ar®. »*®«at»a® aa® 
Wan malta®. Na piirtkssa it ta* aakra® ta atma* fatry car®# aha c*vo*t«#4« at eta l«pra»* aa® 
I t * * , Ava. I aa® Its**® fit., tram 
• ■AO •■«•». ta $ JO p.m. waafc 
®ay» la tara ta chack tt$a 
Tit ‘ baa H ya* awfi ta sNarAc ta tfca Ikfjcact a* Haw* rn* tsatfc ar it rte w**h ta a®® aa *ha athar po p mf Of ti® la tha NO ' bom ii t o o d o aa* wtfth ta twfcccrtfca. 
Itthaf way, yaa ara •Uftfcla far 
•ha iwi»*» ® yaa tan® (a tha tam* 
P*a*a® #«*** car® 

7. PRIZES 
Km#, «8t Im 
4mitf. M*n> 
4 * v 
*m8«. m Hi, >«n mumm* 
MV Th* Maw, 

 it rn p.,l,n» iwkMHU* im Mi* doily %mm An lama I Bara*, and Tfca Hmm*, h- a- .Ka or iii ba awardad an ad. dttianol B O O bi pf ital. lf tfca 

 l . y . a » N a ., ba Mid en a A a a - 
•"« . en d eriad daily and ai d a y , far b>a a a a , and . 
W arner, arid ba I 
I 
.a m fir a fa , blair rfcaica I baa, lira bara adrarlnaf rn bra 
•ama liyrtn Tfca Mea,,. 
»'dey ar f eeder la w * do.in , War a a a , 

 lUffOAY 
M u f f 
W H I COW f l i t 
Of 
M M U 
M O M IH t 
M OUM 
S I OOO Od MOdl I ACM W IIK n u t IO g u l l bt T K M T t CACH 
MMM* 

 a prarani »eb»«riber ta (be daily 
I*arar, Off Tfca Mea*, ba ar tfce ald ba eaordad an addilianal 
SISO bi prlre, 

 fA lu iO A Y M i n i W ill c o n n u 
Of $»o (I) is OI 
IO (ti 
I td u a i t t T K M T t it a Aid I 

DAUT AdUfS IN SOTH TMI IX. 
M i t t ANO IMI NI WI sto h i at Of 
• o It) 
I tdUdt St TKXITt l l 8Alt) 

A 
TOT Al Of 
M O O IN a d u lt 
O Aur ac u t a t t tru d t rice iTti 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 
A draamg ald bd bald daily la datarmbia bi, lane a ny day » 

 anni I a m bi# lade etna day ta cl dm anta, lf a a mama number a eebHrfcad aa friday. Saturday. ar benday, bin arite, mutt ba 
.tainted by t a-bi. *fc# fbdeatng 
Mandey br tfcby ald bd ferfeHed 
Winner, may <ama ta bl, Cb. relation Day! af bi# ta ar et,- b ari building Arb I and Third ti ta claim blair antal 
They m utt bara areal af blair lanai ta tenty nwmbei ar ria. ably a tenet tar ut tty card. afb, abler dm nil. utter. Winner, a a l ten­ ted dm I rarer, end New, by Tfca eyer narrate deadline ar anre. 

 arad aba 

 at#-Na a . 

 anat, aid ba Wean 
•fca brairding friday The earlier yaw Mad rn year ann, Wa mara aaab, yaa ad) ba eligible ie am enaed 
4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
Warning number, aid ba auburn ad amb day rn Wa tan Amarna 
Irate,, The Neat and Saturday and Sunday tearer* Hmm* lr ara,, ameer! aid baya until 
•wan Wa Nrl*eemg day »e ibm ama* Near awner, aid baya 

S. WHO MAY ENTER 

Th# SSO OOO teeee*tab#» l f it 
•aan tm any madam af any area abate Mw tan Amenia frere** and The Hmm* ara daM tvbf 
The ani, rabasement .* War ba ar Wa baya a Venal taiuniy number imeieyeei and Immedi­ ate lambie* af l,ere**New, 
Cera and Werfd briming Ce, 
•baa agent, and dwtrWmer* ara net engine 
NO KWACHAS! It 
NtCittAtT TO INTU Od Cl AWI 
A bam An anrr, retd mid ba 

 tan Amenia I,arar, and Tfca 
Nam, bam I M a rn (a I M a rn meebdey. 
Winning num. bar, may ba ywared at Mw la. ara*,-Marr, building tram 8. SO a-w. ta I-SO p.m.. Monday fri­ day ar ar aubin Nbrerw, during agen bauta 
TOU 
NMO 
NO! 
WASCX*#! 
OO 
MAKI 
ANT 
KWACHA SI Au# yay mu ai amar la ba eligible ta mm TMH OTHO It 
VOW 
WHIM 
BISTOtC TSO 
ST 
LAW 

A D M IR E TO P O S T C A R D , PLK A SC ! h i 

 f 

1 

8 
I 

I 

! 
8 

8 
I 
I 

I 
I 
II 
L 

S an A ntonio fcxpress 

 lir e N ew * *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 
*o t a p io l anti N m * SWEEPSTAKES 
*o Ro. 2S»5 
Son Antonio. I p t a t 7 # 2 9 7 

A T T fN C IR C U L A T IO N DEPT 

MT SOCIAL PACINI TTT MUMAU Iii 

NAME 

ADDRESS 

CUT 
_ 

□ 

RWovd entgi mg in tfig sweepstakes out I mould 

)*• to onto! O KibleripTion OI 

Y E S m dKOtod bd tom for 
Mig n g it 
•o don 
□ 

Ptooie enter mg ta ffig 

SWEEPSTAKES bu! 
I prgfgr 

 not to a t tip i a t i A t c ig t o n to 

N 
O too papg't at ton limy 

 t elep h o n e 

— 
STAT!.. 
-------2Mf 
... 

C J PfgOM I Tort doliygty O* tog N g m i 4 Sunday 
C U Pleat# »to»f dgLvgry of tog E*f»rgti 4 Sunday 

□ 
Hoot# tHK* dgiirgty o f (toto ( x p rg tt a n d N g m i 

L J I OMI ail god, a lull it'b d ' to tog E fp rg tl, plgote odd I bg Ngmi Monday Tinkly to my ivtm npfion 
D I a tt! QU eddy a Vote* rib#' to tog N g m i a w ol# o d d tog I x p rg tt M o n da y f t , d o y to my iv/buripiion 

S o n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S o t u r d o y F e b r u a r y I 2 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 7 - H rn 
• - ■ i 
- 
. — 
. 
. 
. 
. 
.?■ 
STRICTLY BUSINESS 
McFealters 

C om plete nationw ide com posite p rices stocks 
E xclu sive In San A ntonio 
■ 

A — B — C 

24*, u h 
AO'* 
33 t m 
SS’* 
13' * 
4’ a 
13’ 4 
SH 
14 J* 
36’ 4 
53’ la i m 
17 
4H 
3934 
IS’ * 
34V 
25’ 4 
H H 
116 
1o5 
943* 
93’ a 
21’ a 
21*4 
8 ’ * 
23's 
3o3* 
22V 
28 
9’ 4 
14 
25'8 
45’ » 
22V 
2o 
4738 
143* 
15’ o 
59’ 4 
57 
6 
3o 
934 
ISH 
61 ’ 4 
41’ a 
6o’ 4 
146 
593, 
24 3(1 
21’ 4 
37’ a 
36'4 
8o’ 4 
21*4 
16Ju 
12’ a 
153b 
46 
26 
42V 
12’ 4 
39V 
24 
3 
ITV 
7934 
13’ 4 
28’ a 
8 ’ » 
14’ 4 
2534 
15’ 4 
6 H 
14 
?5'» 
19 
2134 
3o 
22’ 4 
22V 
3734 
167 
3734 
6’ o 
U U 
IOU 
7'4 
46 
12’ 4 
I P . 
3o ’ 4 
81 >4 
9’ 4 
33’ a 
6 4 '. 
68’* 
SOG 
51’ * 
1734 
18 *4 
I* V 
19’ 4 
1?'b 
3o’ 4 
K H 
K U 
35’* 
I3> 4 
9’ * 
3<* 
25's 
9 
54’ a 
8H 
37*4 
74’ * 
8’ 4 
IO’ a 
U H 
?1U 
37H 
3'* 
92’ a 
84 
4*» in * 
31 
31’ * 
6 
JU 
2o 
118 
14'* 
33’ 4 
4»» 
6 
35’ a 
17'. 
SD. 
37'* 
25J« 
7o*4 
19’ 4 
31'* 
2o 
37’* 
73’ a a 
15 ’ 4 
4’ 4 
24 >• 
6o’ a 
JO?’ . i i 
I i 
24<4 
35’ a 
8*4 
16’ * 
!'» 
44’ a 
79’ . 
M U 
7o'. 
1o1 
5o’ * 
4 
36’ 4 
U H 
13 
St 
14' a 
TSU 
49 
24<4 
M>* 
61 

V 
. 
I4'» 
17*8 
74'* 

5 * .r j * 13 
17*4 
18 
19*. l f ’ a 
17v* 

£ * » 
46’» l l ’ 4 
5 . 

I.7 'a 
M H 
47'* 
24'* 
17'* 

M U 
O 
) 
W H 
47 
*S 
17v* 
*1 
54 i f f *• 
IO 
4*4 
7** 
O’ 4 
84* 1 
48 h 

J IH 
6 '* i * i 
44 . 
11*4h a * n 
13 
16 
14', 
41*4 
13** 
8 3 *4 
SO a 
U V 

U 

S t ^ WeYxchaoaeA ?i)*JeST r* dlng <or ’he We* K »" New 
Yearly 
H ig h lo w 
37’ a 
31 *8 AC Find 
1.8o 8 
4H 
1% A JInd 
7 
441 
17'n AM E 
I 24 l l 3o52 
12V, APCCp 
I 
6 
2o8 
43*8 ARASv 
I 2o l l 
461 
12V* ASAL Id 
.8o .. 1415 
7V, ATOInc 
4o 
6 
438 
37V, A bbl Lab 
I 
14 1846 
8’* AcmeClv 
5o 23 
87 
2*+ AdmDg 
o4 5 
57 
9H AdmEx I 15e . 
259 
3’* AdmMil 
o5e 
8 x47 
7*4 Addrssg 
1oe 19 1359 
22’ v AetnaLf 1.2o 
8 25o6 
36’ 4 AetnaLf pf 2 . 
12 
4 *, Aguirre 
13 
12 
9H Ah rn ans 
.22 
6 
318 
2’ a Aileen 
63 
96 
29’ , Air Prod 2ob 13 171o ll 
AlrbnFrt 
6o 12 
754 
17’ » Ai roo 
I 15 
6 
256 
13v* Ak/ona 
I 2o 38 
268 
13’ 8 AlaGas 
1.28 
8 x 36 
1o4’ a AlaP pf ll 
89 
Alap pf9 44 
78 
Alap pf8.16 
77’ , AlaP pf8 28 l l ’ * Al ask In 
6oe 
7 
14 
Albany In 72 
7 
5*4 AlbertoC 
36 15 
17'a Albertsn .72 
9 
19’* AlcanAlu 
8o 
14’ * AlcoStd 
96 

Soles 
N e t 
(b d s.) H ig h lo w lo s t C h g. 
559 
37’* 
35V* 
35**— j' 
4’'a 
4 V* 
23’/4 
22V* 
15 
14 
45V* 
43** 
2o'* 
18’* 
1o»* 
9*+ 
46V* 
44’* 
12'* 
12 
3’* 
3 
12 live 
4*+ 
4’ a 
14’/, 
13V* 
31’ * 
3o 
45’ a 
44V, 
IO'* 
1oV* 
16'* 
16V* 
3’* 
3 
3o’* 
291* 
I4Vi 
12'* 
31’* 
29V* 
17 
16V* 
16*8 
16’* 
75o2o 115*i 115 
718o 1o3 
2o6 
92'a 
7 45o 
795 
53 
63 
186 
23x1797 26V* 
6 
4o4 
2o'* 

92 
TO'* 
19 
7’i 
21’ 

551 y2o 
149 
764 
64 

18*4 AlconLb 
.28 15 
5*a Alexdrs ,36e 
6 
7’ a AllegCp 9oe 16 
184 
21’ , AllgCud 
7 
862 
33’ , AllgLud pf 3 
112 
16*4 AllgPw 
I 68 
8 1199 
9*+ AllenGrp 6o 
6 
1o4 
33*8 Al Id Ch 
1.8o IO 2537 
9' b AlidMnt 
64 
8 
131 
9*4 Al Id Prod 
6o 24 
72 
4o*4 AlldStr 
I 8o 
6 
53’ a Al IdStr pf 
4 
2’., AlldSup l l ' * AiiisChal 9o 
6 
6*4 AllrfAut 
6o 
8 
61 a AlphPrt 
25e 
38’ a Alcoa 
3o 
AmlSug 
47 
Am a* ' 1.75 
115 
Ainax pf5 25 
52’ a Amax pf 
3 ll* , AMBAC 
I 
16’ 4 Amerce 1.2o 
79’ a Amrc p<2 6o 
16s* A Mess 
6o 
45'a AHes pf 3.5o 
13*4 AA irFilf 
.56 
8’ * Am Air 
4 '* Amcord 
6o 
111, Am Baker 
I 
38’ a ABrnds 2.92 
71 
ABrnd pf I 7o 

191, 
6’ a 
14 
23 V* 
41 
22’* 
14’ a 
45 * i 
14V* 
12’* 
44 Vi 
53’ a 
3 a 
25v* 
9’ . 
18'* 
52V, 
35 Vi 
54+ 

4x288 
1.4o 13 1957 
3 
7 
3o 
12 2543 
3 132’ » 128’ a 128’ a 

93 
9o 
91 
18’ a 
18’ 4 
6H 
2o’ + 
25 * i 
19’ a 
19’i 
6’i 
13’ a 
22’ a 
39*4 
2o'* 
13’/* 
44' 8 
13'* 
IU * 
42H 
53'a 
3’* 
24V* 
8*4 
16Vi 
51’ a 
34' 4 
SI Vi 

4 H — 
22 V*— 
14 
— 
43 V *- 
2o 
+ 
IO 
- 
44’4— 
U U — 
3 H + 
11'/*. 
4 Va— 
1334 F 
3o'* f 
44*4— 
1o** 
16Vi -f 
3V*-f 
2 9 '/ * - 
U H + I 
29 Vi— 
'* 
16'*.......... 
16’* 4- 
’ , 
115+4 F 
1o3 
+ 
9 1 * * - 
91 
— 
K H — 
19 
+ 
6 '/ * - 
2 o V - 
26** F 
Va 
2o’* — 
'* 
19’'a f 
’* 
6-v*— 
’ a 
13 *4 - 
V* 
22'* f v* 
4oV* f 
V* 
21’* — 
H 
13’/*— 
*/* 
44’4— V a 
13'* f 
Vi l l ' * — 
44 V* f 
53’ a— 
3H — 
25’* - 
8 H — 
1 6 '* - 
51'* 4 
34’ a— 
51*4 

*4 
IV, 
’* 
I I 
IV* v* 
’.4 

’4 

531 
8 
223 
7 
43 
8 
9 3o15 
. 
724 
9 
852 
6 218o 
9 
M I 
5 
55 
1o 
6oo 
33 
16 2755 
7 
6o 
8 
427 
78 
56 
5x187 

8x691 
2o9 
. 785o 
. 
137 
91 

56’ 
24 
2o’ a 
37’ a 
35*4 
78'* 
2o’ a 
13’ 8 
12’ a 
15 
44’ a 
24'e 
41 l l ' * 
39’i 
23 
2’ i 
17'* 
29*4 
13’ 4 
27’ a 
7’ a 
14 
24'* 
15 
3*4 
I H i 
24'* 
18*4 

Vi 
V* 
*4 
2V* 
3v* 

19'* ABdcsf 
I 
8*4 AmBlcSM .5o 
3ov* AmCan 
2 4o 
21 
ACan pf I 75 
V * ACentry 
12’ a AmCred 
8le 
23’ a ACyan 
I 5o IO 2762 
7*4 AmDistl 
13 
123 
19*4 ADIS! Tel 
84 ll 
529 
4’ 4 ADualVt 
.. 
18 
12’ a A Oui pf 84a .. 
19 
2o’ 8 AEIPw 2 o6 
9 3o63 
8’ a APam lly 
32 
2’i AmPnSys 
7v* Am Fin5y pf 
22‘a AGI Bd I 96e 
15 
AGenCv 1.32 
12’ a AmGnlns 
68 
21*4 AGnln pf I 8o 
13*4 AGnln pf 9o 
13 
Am Hoist I 6x5141 22'* 
27’ a AmHom I IO 17x4834 3o’* 
122’ a A Homopf 2 
I 132 
2 5 A m Hosp 
4o 15 2252 
26'* 
2’ a Am Invst 2o 28 f97 
5 H AMedicl 
24 
9 826 
5’ a AMedcp 
IO 
6 
736 
3** Am Morns 
6 194o 
37*4 ANatR 2.64 8 
OH Am Seat 
4o 
A Sh ip 
6 
145 
AmStnd I 5o 
7 
355 
AStd pf 4.75 
29 
Am Stern 
3o 16 2873 
AmStrs I 9o 
5 
186 
3 8o IO 6849 
4 
654 
3 64 
3 74 
76 

6x7oo1 2o*4 x125 
29 x43 
21 

5' 
14*4 
1o*8 
4’ 4 

V , 
IV* 

V* 
Vi 
>* 
2V* 
V* 
V* 

Va 
1*4 

149 
55 
6 
79 y74o y1o2o 14*4 
7 
65 
19’ a 
5 
62 
IO 
452 
8x5o9 
7 
139 
18 1792 
6 
13 

IO* 
16 ’n 
54’ a 

5o V ATT 
55 
ATT pf 
43>, ATT pf 
45 
ATT pf 
SH AWatWk 
15’ a A Wat pf I 43 
12’ b Awat pf I 25 
14'* Ameron 
I 
5’ a AmesD 
!8e 
19'4 Ametek I 4o 
13 
Amfac Inc I 
9 
AM IC 
o8e 
25'4 AM PInc 
48 
8' a Ampco 
6o 
4*4 AmpexCp 
I ’ , AmrepCp 
19 
Amstar I 35 
7H Amsf pf 
68 
34 
Amsted 
2 
4' a Amtel 
36 I 
22'* AnchrH 1.4o 
22*4 AndClay 
5 
Angelica .16 
S'* Anlxter 
2o 
7 
An su I Co 
53f 
IO’ , Apache 
5ob 
23’a ApcoOil 
36 
I* * ApecoCp 
74’ a H>Pw p»8.17 
68 
ApPw pf 7 4o 
2’ a Appl Mg l l 
9*4 ArcataN 
6o 
22’ a ArcatN pf J 
17 
Arch Dan 
2o 
3'« A rcticE n t 
I 
I '* Ar 1st ar 
15 
ArijPSv I 48 
1o3** Ari Ppf IO TO 
6 
Ark Best 44b 
2V a ArkLGs I 8o 
2 
ArlenRty 
4’ 4 Armada 
26’, Armco 
I 8o 
27 
Arm pf 2 IO 
44’ 4 A m ir pf4 75 
23’ , ArmstCk 
I 
IS 
ArmRu 
.85 
12'* AroCorp 1b 
9 '* Arvin 
S2e 
25’ , Arvin In pf 2 
13'* Asarco 
oo 
19*8 AshlO’l 
I 9o 
4o' a AshlO pfT 4o 
77’ a AsdD rG I 5o 
8 >4 Afhlone 
8o 
I** AiicoMtg 
17’ * Al ICy El I 67 
49', All Rich I 6o ll 67M 
137 
Att Re pf 3 
6 
44' a Aft Re pf 3 75 
1 55o 
54' 4 An Rf pf 2 8o 
766 
K H AtlasCp 
13 
567 
23'. AutoDta 
24 18 1o62 

 l l* * 
29'. 
8o 
914 
33’ , 
63V 
66*4 
49 
5o’* 
12’ a 
18’ 

4'» Autmind 
24 
4' a AvcoCp 
' a AvcoCp Wt 
18 '« AvcoCp pf 
17’ a Avery Int 
36 
7' a Avis Inc 
4o 
IO'* Avnet Inc 6o 
S3 
Avnef pf 2 SO 
215 x 293o 4 5 '* 
32*4 AvonPd 
I ’ , BT Mfg 
89 
2>* 
18*4 BabckW 
I 2o 7 
8o2 35 
4*4 Bache 
4oe 5 
2o7 
TH 
7 '. Baker In 
36 IO 
577 
12H 
4o'. Bake Intl 
42 13 
7o9 
47'* 
I ’ a BaldDM 
68 
6 
128 
W a 
16** BallCp 
8o 
6 
64 
19H ll* * BallyMf o2e 25 193o 
47’ , 
2 V 4 BallyMf w< 
9o2 23*. 
22'a Bait GF. 2 o8 
8 1o24 
26> a 
5o 
Bait pfB4 SO a64o 
4o'a 
12*. Banca 
6o 28 
998 
21'* 
U H Band ag 
2o ll 
915 
18 
4’ a BangPnt 
4 
266 14'* 
9 
Bant* pf I 25 
4o 
17H 
IT’ a BanP pf 
2 
77 
24'* 
28'« BkofNY 7 32 
6 
133 
34'* l l ’ e BkofVu 
88 
6 
54o 
15’ e 
24’ . Ban* Am 
8o 
11x2722 26 , 
21'. BankTr 
3 
8 
474 
39H 
TSH BnkT pl 7 5o 
264 
28'* 
25<. BarbO'l I 4o 
TI 
34*. 
H H BardCR .24 13 627 
U H 
16'. BarnsGp 
8o 
7 
21 
17 >4 
7H Baste Inc 
8o 
5 
143 
16 
2*'a Basic pf 2 SO 
<8o 
36'a 
22*. BatesAW 
8o 37 
196 
34' a 
I 
BauschL 
I 
IO 17o1 
39H 
33 
BaxrTrv 
24 19 1949 
ISH 
17’ . flayStO I 88 
8 
4 3 
23 
4’ . Bey* Cig 
24 25o l l 
5 
17 
Bearing SO 11x168 
29*. 
21' a Beat* os 
84 1} 2645 
24 
SH Bee kmn 
32 16 
1o4 
25*. 
'a Bet ’ Dick 
6o 14 98 7 
33', 
14 
Beati) A 
I 
8 
TOO 
24 H 
7*4 Belter 
28 
USS 
9H 
IJH Bel cop 
TO# 
7 
629 
2* a 
IS*. Bel den 
I 32 
8 x62 
22*. 
7 
BeldnHe 
36b 4 
25 
I 
15 
Bell How 
84 
. 251 
19'a 
44’ a Bel I Cele 1 72 
6 
254 
46 '. 
IJH Barms 
I 2o 
7 
64 
22H 
37H Bandi* 
2 9 
666 
47 
66 
Bandi, pf 
I 
36 
94 
1 7 BenflCp I 6o 
5 1231 
25*. 
46' a Benet pf 4 IO 
33 
58H 
45 
Banat pf 4 SO 
1 IOO 
12 
S'* Banat p f} SO 
/27o 113 
■a Banat p tj SO 
<42o 
2V*. 
I ’ 4 Bn I SIM 
I *1 Banat B o7e 
2*. Barkey P 
IIH Bes I Po 
33 
Bath St) 
2 
77’ . B gTfira* 4o 
IS*. Blae k Or 
48 
S 
Blair In 
64 
12'. Bi'W t ay IQ I 
W H BiockHR 
I 
JOH Blue Baft 
I 
J** Bluebird 
Ole 
I H Bobbie Br 
I 4o 

53 
53 
- 2Vi 
23** 
23H 
19’ a 
19’* — 
36' a 
36',— 
33'a 
33'/i 
74'+ 
74'4— 31* 
1 9 ** 
19V. + 
1* 
I IH 
12 — 
'a i m 
12** > 
14'zi 
U H — 
43 
43+x— 
24 bi 
74V*— 
38'* 
38+.- 
11H 
I IH F 
38 v* 
39’* + 
22H 
23 
+ 
2'* 
2'*. . 
17' a 
17’* + 
28' a 
28 V4— 
11*4 
I I H — 
26'4 
26’4 — 
7' a 
7’ a 
13'* 
14 
23*. 
23'*— 
13’ a 
14’* — 
3’ a 
3’* . . . ion ii 
+ 
24’i 
24V*— 
18’4 
ISH. 
19H 
19H— 
26*4 
27 
— I Vi 
19H 
U H ­ 
U H 
21’* t 
29’* 
29'* + 
132 
132 t 6’ a 
25*. 
2oV*+ 
’ . 
4 * i 
51* + 14 
14’ B 
1 4 **f H 
9*» 
9 H — Vt 
4 
4’e ........ 
1127 
45*. 
4o** 
41’* — K ’ a’ a 
7 
57 1oH 
1oH 1o’ a+ 
’ 8 i i l i n t v4 
28’ i 
28'* f ’* 
78’ a 
79’ a 
SH 
» '*. 
31 V i i i Vt + *i 
62H 
o3’* - Vt 
66’* 
6 6 ** 
.. 
48*. 
49 
49'a 
5o’* + ’ i 
12’/i 
12** 
18 
18 
- ’* 
W H 
W H + I 
18H 
IS H .......... 
IIH l l ’ a 
IIH — 
29’ a 28H 
29 
V 1.4 
15** W H 
15’* + i. 
IS H ISH 
15**+ Vt 
26** 25’i 
25H — v« 
135 
12’ a 12 
12’* — Vi 
616 
BH 
BH o** 
. . 
245 
1H 
V a 
I Va— 
’* 
S 
184 24*o 
23*4 
24’* + ’ * 
16 
I H 
8 ’i SH— 
Vt i 
312 47H 
46H 
47’ a + »* 
> 
26o 8’ a 
7H 
7 H - H t 
392 28v* 26’ a 27H 
I 
I 
688 24 
23’ . 
23’4— H 
I 
357 6H 
6’i 
6’i — H t 
Bl 
7*» 
6H 
7V* 
62 
I * , 
8’* 
8** + 
V. t 
466 21 
19V, 
19"a- H 
138 
36’ a 36 
36 — 1 
89o 
2H 
IH 
2 
+ 
H 
/IOO 
91 
91 
91 
........ 
739o 
83’ a I I H 
83’ a * I ’ . 
133 
3>4 3 H 
3’* — ’ n 
8x 64o 
16H 1o 
16 
+ V, xl 
3o*, 3o** 
3o*, 
I 
1692 18+4 
17H 
1 7 H - H 
169 
5 
4 H 
4 H — H 
U t 
J 
3 
- 
’* t 
1334 19 l l ’ , 
18’ * - H 
752o 117 
115' a 115''a— I 
9o l l * , I P , 
U H 
32’ , 
3 IV* 
J IH — H 
IV* 
TH 
? ' * - I* 
6 
5 *, 
6 
+ H 
29’, 
2|> a 
29 
— H 
3o 
29H 
29H + H 
SBH S3 
53 - 1 
24 H 24 
24’» ........... 
25H 
24’ a 
24'* + H 
I I H 
ITH 
1 7 H - "a 
TSH 
TBH 
1o’* — H 
J IH 3o 
3o 
- IH 
19’ a I IH 
18', + H 
7x3769 37W 35 
3 5 H - 
*5 
73’ a 69’ a 
69H + 
JOH 2 9 , 
JOH + 
W H 14’ 4 
W H x 
I U 
2 
2’ i + 
23H 23’* 
23’* - 
57’ i 55’ , 
S6H t 
193 
187 
193 
+ 
SI 
5o 
SI 
+ 
TO1, 68H 
TOH ♦ 
23 H 
M>a 
2 o H - 
24H 23’ a 
24 
- 
168 
SH 
I H 
W27 
ISH 
W a 
IJT 
Tv* 
I 
25 
45 
44 . 
879 
73 
22 
49o 
W a 
I I H 
141o 
ISH 
17 
I 
88 
M 
43’ a 
2 
J IH 
7H 
12 

 ll 

569 
347 
89 
7x6o8 
51 
718o 
17X494 
4 
229 
7 
29 
5 631 
314 
16 15o6 

1ox244 
6 
1o8 
; 6 
9 in 

IU 
2H 
I ’* 

TH 
SU 
I 
IH 
IH 

IJ H 
TIV. 
42U 
JIH 
25'* 

S ’ 4 

S h 
L* 
WH 
75H 
39 . 

33 H 
T y . 
H H 
ISH 

M u 

 a3! : : 
22 
4H 
29H 
TSU 
24’ a 
St*. 
23H 
SH 
26H 
22 
TH 
19’ » 

 i t u 

24’* 
56’ a 

24H Boeing 
S ’ a B o ite*as 8o 
IT’ , Bk Mn th I 2o 
26 
Borden 
I 4o 
WH Bor War I to 
S 
2 H Bormans 
7’ a 
29H Bos rd 
2 44 

34 
9 1273 
173 
IT WM 
9 2569 
16 sos 
16 265o 
7 
149 
7 
I6S 
12x714 
6x72o 
I 
3S9 
149 
1o 26oo 
9 161o 
1o 

I: Ii p « 
TSH 
*6 
OU lowI k l r t 
SOH u 

• IU Bose pf I M 
IOU BosE pf I IT 
O H Bose pf 14* 
BW Br sniff 
24 
IS’ 4 Br aune 
4o 
26’ 4 Brig Sir 
92 
4o'. BrlStMy I X 
39' 4 BristM pI 
2 
VU Br 11 Per tie 
BrkwGl I 4o 
B klyyo I 7| 

17 
983 
I 
7o4 
6 
47 
IO 
K l 
7211o 
159 
1)9 
7 2177 
9 
6M 
W 
429 
13 1546 
• I 
TI SOM 
■ D 

Bk UG pf 2 
IS H BwnSnrp 
2o 21 
9 
BrownC 
TU m 
W H BwnGp 
I 4o 
SH Br»nFef 
4o ll 
Br i*i*wk 
4o ll puW tW 
I 
TO iucy Cr 
64 
SH BuddCy 
1 1 
49 
BudaCc p ts 
IS 
BudC« pf 4o md 
Ior 

TH 
94 
I 
I 
• 
IO 1746 
I 2423 
1 
K l 
12x1266 
5x919 yS# 

IH 
2U 
5H 
22 
U H 
SOH 
IIH 
14 
19 
21 
SOH 
6U 
3H 

S S 
23H 
S3U 
37' a 
4 H 
TTH 
97 
O H 
ISH 
IOU 
W U 

*1 :; 
47U 

8 4 
22 
?7'% 
9 V* 
9H 
TSU 
O' a 
ITH 

B H B u d o ln d 
'Or 
» ' 1 Bo f i t ). 1 4oa 
4 
Bulova 
WH Bundy Cp 8o 
IMH 116 

 h 

 i i 
I : 

ISH f- uh. 
4 H Bunk Ba 
TTH BunhB 
23H Burl lad 
31U Bur lite 
OH Bor 1 No pf SS 

IM hn m u 
^ . a l l 
259 
IO U 
9 H 
7 Sr s., l l Jo 7 . S i r 4)1* 
41H 
Ut SS . 
>66 t i t 
TH 

MW 
IH 
IU 
SU 
TOH 
34H 
29’* 
IT 
O U i i * . 
TO 
29’, 
SH 
3H 

» 
J IH 
31 * a 
4 H 
M UI 

1 4 
37H 
TOH 
OIH 

ISH 
29 4 aU U 
24 W 
• W tv . 

T i l 
K H 

K U 
6o 

♦ H 
M 
TU 
I I H l l'a 
9 H 

oV +- 
'+ 
14V r - 
H 
I 
— 
H 
44’ 4 
H 
22 %e * 
H 
U H 
>1 
17*4- 
H 
88 
- 
U H 
44 
— IV* 
2 
3§l+— '2'+ 
7H + 
V* 
U 
46 
— 
IG 
U H * 
H 
1oV+— IU 
43+4 - 
H 
21**— I 
H 
S ’ . 
IH 
2o',+ 
'+ 
17 
— 
*4 
13+» 
Vt 
W , + 
H 
2 4 U - 
Vt 
34**— 
H 
14*4- 
H 
75'* 
39’ 4- 
' . 
7o»+ 
U 
34 
- 
U H + 
H 
IA H 
H 
15+4 ♦ 
H 
36U + 
V, 
)4 ’+ + 6 
36%*- 
IH 
3 3 H - 
1*4 
22 
- 
H 
J 
+ 
1 • 
29+, + 
H 
25’ 4- 
H 
24+4- 
H 
32U * 
H 
23 *4 - 
H 
♦v, + 
H 
26H 
2H 
22* 4 . 
H 
TH 
K U 
46+4 « 
'+ 
21*+ 
I 
4*6, 
IU 
W G - 
1+4 
24’ * — 
H 
S ’ v - 
89 
TH 

^o‘ , 
JU 
2o+4 
IH 
'* 
2 
- 
Vt 
V * — 
U 
T D , + 
IH 
36 - 
H l f ’ * v+ 
IT 
— 
H 
I ) * , + 
H 
K H — 
1, 
TO 
- 
29’ . 
H 
5’V - 
V, 
3U + 
V* 
4oH + 
'» 
29 
- 
IH 
23 H . 
J2’ > - 
H 
H 
31H + 
' , 
4 ’ 4 
26H 
H 
96 
+ 
' * 
U H 
U l l ’ > ♦ v * 
# H - 
' * 
39'. ■ 
1*4 
29 H . 
H 
6 4 ',+ 
3 • 
42 
4 i l f 
“ 
'+ 
W H — 
Vt 
TI 
- 
+. 
27 
+ 
'+ 
9 
+ 
H 
9 H 
23 
* 
+4 
I 
- 
H 
K H 
26 . 
H 
» ’+ + 2++ 
K' r - I n 
6o 
+ 

4 
‘ 
- 

*4 
H 

 r n 
- 
H 
T h + v, 
O U + 
TTH— 
9 H - 
2o 
.. 

4^ : . 

Yaorty 
H ig h 
2o’ a 
1o8’ a 
3o W 
61 
5H 
TH 
5*i 
4o*. 
IH 
7H 
6 
2o 
9'4 
16 
13*8 
49*, 
26’ a 
4' a 
47 
SH 
5 '. 
8H 

 law 
I9v* Bumdy 
68’ . B u rr g h s __ 
1oH ButtesGO 
46*4 CBS 
2 iv , CCI 
Corp 
' a C IM tg Gp 
2U CIRIt Inv 
28** C ITFin 
2 4o 
7 16 CLAsst 
4H CLAS pf . 12k 
3H CLC Am 
24 
8 
CMI Inv 
5*b CNA Pint ll 
CNA pf Al IO ll 
CNA I 
1o8a 
4o’ 1 CPC Int 2 3o 
W H CTSCp 
6o 
I' a CabCabF 
K H CabotC 
I 4o 
2 '. Cadence 
2'e Caesars 
3 
Cal Pint 

, 
Soles 
(bds.) High low 
66 12 
1o6 
2oH 
2oH 

K U ? ’ . 
IS’/. CalPUf 

17’ 7 
3W 
77’ 7 
39'* 
34H 
19’ 7 
12’ 8 
57 
24’ s 
3 
35’ a 
4 U leu 
7 IU 
7 
24U 
3oH 
3oH 
2o’ . 
32*4 
16'* 
25’i 
42*4 
8'» ll 
17's 
62'4 
19*8 
58 
53*4 
14 
ISH 
71 
19** 
55U 
32*. 
29*4 
16’ B 
29’ s 
!6' b 
18 
25H 
36’ e 
22’ a 
3oH 
28' ; 
IOO 
78’a 
IJH 
5*8 
3oH 
9 
33'* 
4 ll 
52 
45H 
32’ 4 
3o 
47 
9’ 4 
WH 
35 W 
4 ** 
9-8 ll 
21 
17’* 
72 
22W 
35 H 
24', 
23’ 1 
51 
591 a 
1o7’ a 
91U 
1o9 
38 H 
37'* 
oOU 
5 
IS’* 
15 16 
78’ . 
I? 
■1o' a 
18’ . 
73H 
34 H 
9o 
97 
128 
13*. 
14'a 
U H 
13W 
18 
76’a 
77’ / 
9H 
95’ 4 
ITH 
14 
TU 
U U 
51’ a 
15’ 8 
9H 
34>b 
25 
5o’ 8 
79w 
79 H 
31 
64 
62 
ITH 
TBH 
IM H 
TSU 
77 
5o' a 
45 
2oU 
37*4 
KW 
IOU 
22 W 
23' a 
24’ , 
78 
33’ 4 
1o7 
8VW 
HW 
22'4 
J5U 
38U 
SH 
WH 
TS*. 
19 
TOU 
2o W 
23' 4 
74W 
57 
56<4 
27U 
71* a 
78 
38 *« 
119 
23' a 
47 
52 
S2U l l 
•4 
84' a 
•4 
MW 
74' a 
93U 
9H 
•' * s r a 
67 W 
Mw 
6oH 
WU 
3 
4oH 
WH 
7 7 ', 
SIH 
36H 
6 
47W 
17'. 
WH 
K U 
TOH 
TSH 
53 
1W 
•o 
4 
IJH 
37 H l 6H 
39 W 
»u 
29 
47'. 
ISH 
33'. 
M 
7 2 ', 
49 
63 
37*. 
73U 
WU 
5o 
1)5 
*H 
WW 
K U 
T in 
41U 
28 i 
IT H 

 low Callahn 
3or 
18 
332 W U 13 
13H 
I '* CamernBr 
54 
IU IU 
IU 
16'a CmpRL ,6oa 
17 
498 26** 23’* 
26 
29*4 Cam Sp 1 48 
12 
319 37'* 37 
37U 
27’ 8 CampTg I 12 IO 
185 
32H 
31 
31 
13 
CdnPac 
86e 
7 
412 16H 
16 
151, 
7U CanalR 
64 ll 
43 SH 
SU 
8’ i- 
42V4 CapCltiS 
2o 11 
234 5 3 H 5o 
5o 
17’ e CapHold 
6o 1ox652 
21H 2o’ . 
21 
H Cap it Mfg 
47 
IV. I ’, ft/. 
2 9 ', Carbor I 12 
8x257 34*. 
33’ u 34 
I ' 1 CarlingO 
15 
ST 
2 '* 
2*4 
2H 
IO*. Carlisle 
88 
9 
37 177* 
IT H 
17’ > 
53’ 7 CaroCBOh 5 
785o 66 
65 
66 
5’* CaroFrg 
2o 39 
85 6’ i 
6 
o’ . 
^a r° Pw I 72 
B 
2o^5 23V* 22** 
22** 
26*4 CarP pf 2 o7 
48 3o** 29*. 
29+. 
2 r Car Tee 
I 8o 7 
129 3o 
35U 
36 
H U CarrCp 
64 
11x12o7 
1o’ * 
1o 
16 
79 
Carr pf 2 25 
7 IOO 31 
31 
31 
12U CarrGn 
88e 
. 
25 W H 
W 
14 
17v* Cart Haw 
9o 9x269 
19H 
K U 
19H 
STH C a rtH w p f? x15 35U 34’ a 35U 
6 
CartWall 
4o ll 
418 8 
7U 
7H 
8 
Case NG 
5or 9 
169 IOU 
9 
9 
- 
15 
CastlCk 
8ob 
8 224 1o** 
15’ a 
15*+ 
48*4 CatrpTr 
I 5o ll 6562 52** 
4o*. 
49H- 
14 
CecoCp 
I 15 ll 
72 16'* 
15+4 
15*4 
41*. Celanse 
2 8o IO 
467 49 U 
47’ a 
47'/^ 
46*. Cel an pf 4 5o 
6 53 
52’ a 
52’ a- 
7's Centex 
,12 ll 1o34 U H 
U U 
1I+. 
T3U Con SOW I 26 
9 5566 I6 H 
15’* 16 
- 
WH Cen Hud 172 
7 
74 2o** 
19’* 19'»- 
15*8 Cen 11 IL* I 6o 
IO 156 19** 
18W 18*. 
45 
CnlLf pf4 5o 
75o 55 
54U 
54U 
77H CnlLf pf2 87 
716oo 32 
31’i 
31** 
25’ a CnlLt pf 2 62 
7 185o 29’ 4 28’ a 
78+4 
12'e CenllPS I 28 1ox876 
16 
W U 14+. 
18 
CenLaE I 4o 
IO 
452 26H 26 
26’ 
14 
CeMPw I 4o 
9 
164 16 
ISH 
IS*. 
13*8 CenSoya 
7o 
7 422 WH 
W H 14’ . 
19’ . CenTel 
I 36 
IO 791 24’* 
23W 23*4 
19’ 4 CentrDat 8o ll 1151 26 
23W 25 
- 
15 
Cert feed 
7o 
8 888 71 
19H 19H 
21’ 8 CessAlr I 2o 
I 574 28’a 
77H 
28’ a 
18 
Champlnt 
I 
8 1152 24U 
23*4 
74 
55 
Chm I pf 5 5o 
7 WO 98 
98 
98 
K H Cum I pf I 2o 
115 24»* 24’ a 
24’ . 
11 
Cham Sp 
68 1o 2o26 
13’* 13’ i 
13'* 
2V* ChartrCo o8 38 
368 
4’ * 4 
4’ a 
21W ChartNY 
2 
6 288 3oU 
29*4 3o 
7 
ChasFd 
6oe 
1o1 8+. 
8’ a 
8U 
26*b ChaseM 2 2o 
9 1495 32 
S IU 31*+- 
2 
Chase T 
12o 3’+ 
2 '* 
2'+ 
SH Chelsea 
4o 
36 6o 6*4 
6’ a 
6’a- 
25’ . Chemin 1 5o 6x124 
3o’ a 
29’4 29*4 
3o’ a Chm NY 2 88 
7 
468 43", 43H 
43’ . 
25’ . ChesVa I 36 
7 
44 29'* 28*4 
29 
22 
Chese Pn 
76 
13 9o4 73V« 
22’ • 
22** 
34’ a Chewie 2.32 
7 1157 37H 
35’ i 
3B’ ? 
4’ 4 ChiMlw 
246 
7V* 6 '* 
7*+ 
8’ a ChiMlw pf 
IO 
12+4 12W 
12+. 
24 W ChiPneT 
2 
16 1o6 2V’ a 
28 
28 
2 
ChkFull 
128 3*4 
3 H 
3U 
4’ i ChrlsCft 
8 587 7’i 
6+i 
6*4 
8 
ChrCH pf I 
3 ll 
IOU ll 
U U Chr8cft pf 
8 
K H 17*, 
18U 
9’ a Chromal 
84 7 
385 W H 
16’i 16’ . 
53 
Chroma pf 5 
I 72 
72 
72 
1o*8 Chrysler 
45e 6x46o7 21** 
19'* 
2o’ . 
3oW Church 
6ob 
IO TIT 33H 
J IH 
32** 
K H cm Bel I 
I 6o 
8 
73 24H 
24 
24 
17 
ClnnGE I Aa 
12 999 231, 
22** 
22** 
43’ 1 CinG pf 
4 
727o 5o 
49** 49’ a- 
5o 
CinG pf4 
75 
73o 57’ a 
57’ a 57’ 1 . 
97 
CinG pf9 3o 
7WO 1o6 
1o6 
1o6 
76’ . CinG pf 7 44 
/SO 9o 
9o 
9o 
- 
99*. CinG pf9 52 
741o IOT*. 1o6’i 1o7’ 7 
18*. ClnMila I 4o 
18 1o2 37 
35’a 
3oW ■ 
77*. Citicorp 
96 
IO 4139 31’/« 
3o 
3oU 
38'* CitiesSv 
3 
7 3o42 6o 
57** 
57*+ 
IU CltfSR 
158 
IU 
IH 
I*» - 
7 
Citylnvsf 66 8 2492 
W H 
13’ a 
13*+- 
5 16 C ityln v wf 
47 
** v, a, 
TA’ a City In pf 
2 
172 26** 
24+i 
25’ + 
IO 
Cityh pf I IO 
26o H W l l * , 
U H - 
25’ a Clark E I 6oa 
8 671 4oW 
39’i 
39’ 4- 
9 
ClarkOd 
5o 
14 1353 K H 
16 
K U t 
47 
Civ Clit 18oa 
IO 353 66 
62** 
62H 
M U ClevEI 
2 64 
9 1315 33'* 
32W 
33 
- 
77 U Civ El p f/ 4o 
7 5oo 89’ , 
89H 
89’, 
78 
CWEI pf 7.56 7279o 
9o 
89’ a 
89U- 
112U CWEI pf 12 
729o 
177 I26U 126H ( 
W H Clevepk 
6o 7 
229 12H 
U H 
12 
- 
IOU Clorox 
52 
IO 885 U H 
U H 
11’* - 
7H Clue!Pea 
4o 6 8o6 1o*+ 
9 *, 
9U 
IOU CluettP pf I 
46 
IJH 12+i 
12'/+ 
7 *. CstStGs 
6 5o71 1 7 ', 
15H 
I5 H 
W H CstSG pfl 83 
2o1 
26** 
74H 75 
13*. CstSG p fl 19 
1 2o 
22’a 
K H TOU 
6H Coca Btl 
4oa 13 1255 SH 
7*4 
S H . 
73’* CocaCol 2 65 
IT 2278 76’ a 74*. 
TSU ’ 
BH ColdwBk 
SO 
7x1o6 16’a 15’ a 
15’ a 
SU ColeNat 
6o 6 
97 1 2 
U H 
12 
- 
2*4 Coleco ll 
819 7Vt 
6** 
TVt < 
23*, Cdg Pal 
88 
13 254o 
25 23H 
24’ r- 
46W ColaP pf 3 5o 
713o 49’ a 48< a 
49 
9*a ColllnAik 
64 
ox 429 ITH I I H 
12U < 
4*8 ColllnF 
o5e 6 
1o6 8*4 
8** 
8’ a 
18 
Col Penn 
7o 
9 
o25 27U 26’ , 
27H 
K H Colonist I 45 
I *71 23H 23 
23** 
28’ a ColtInd 
2 5o 
6 1493 54H 5o*4 
S IU 
K H Colt pf I 6o 
1o TBH TTH 
27’ a 
47’ a Colt pf 4 25 
3o 75 
7o 
71’>- 
22*. Col Gas 2 24 
9 1o8o JOH 28’ a 
28H 
56’ . Col GS pfS o2 
*155 62U 6oU 
6o H - 
54H CoIGs pfS 48 
* 791 6o 
58H 
59 
-1 
4’ a ColuPICt 
5 47o6 U H 
1oH ll 
■ 
71’ 1 ColSOh 
7 2o 7 
59o 27 H 
27 
27 
- 
1o1 
CoSO PMO 52 
7)25o I W H 11o 
114’ ar 
27H CoSO pf 2.42 . 
31 28 U 27H 
28’ 41 
12** Combe 
o5e 8 
14o 71H 
2oH 
71H 
37 W Comb Ena 
2 ll 
98o 5o** 
48*. 
49**- 
3o 
C m l p fl TO 
I 44 
44 
44 
4 
13 
Combeq 
Ior 
12 566 25 
73U 
23H - 
26’ . Coni wE 2 4o 
9 1589 3o’ * 29** 
79*. I 
8W ComEdA wf 
5 
TH 9W 
9H 
SU ComEdB wf 
3 
9H 9 H 
9H+ 
W U Come pf! 47 
84 
TOU 
2oH 
2oU 
2o’ « ComE pf I 9o 
79 
23U TTH 
23H 
71’ 4 ComE pf 
2 
8 
24 U 24 
24’ a t 
25** ComE pf2 37 
47 27U 27** 
77U 
79’ . ComF pf2 8/ 
268 32*4 37’ * 
32U - 
89 
ComE pf8 4o 
US 1oo’ i 99H 
IOO 
< 
77 
ComE pf7 24 
2 
89 89 
89 
6H ComwO 
8o5 7H 
6*4 
o+«- 
1JU Como p fl 72 
116 16** ISH 
15H 
23'. Comsal 
I 
7*95 2 
34 33 U 
33’i - 
K H Com pgr 
2o 9*53o 37H 
35H 35’a t 
CompScl 
IO 
684 7*i 
7’ a 
7 H - 
8U Con Agr 
TS 3 
85 13** 
13 
IJH < 
WW ConeMill 1 2o 
4 311 23H 
22U 
O ' a < 
12 
Congolm 
M) 
8 
748 IS 
14 
W H 
13U ConnM I AO 
13 
243 K H ITV, 
17U- 
19*. Conrac 
8ob 
7 
116 26’ » 24’a 
24’ a- 
15 
ConEd 
2 
5 31o2 21H 71’ a 
T IU 
M U ConE pf 
6 
12 7JU 72’ . 
72U - 
3*U Conf pf 4 65 
713o $1 
SO1 a 
5o'.,- 
44 
GonE pf 
5 
1$ 55U 54'a 
54' r - 
W >, Con F ds 1 4o 
8 
744 25H 24H 
25U 
56' 1 ConE pf 4 $o ll 71H 69H 
7o'i i 
K U Con Frat 
8o 
7x784 22H 27 
22 
- 
74U Con NG* 7 5o 
IO 
681 38U 37U 
37U - 
1o8'4 CnG pf 1o 96 
13o 
119 U T U 1)9 
19 
Con su Pw 
2 
6 4425 22H 21H i l'a - 
37 
CnPw pf 4 16 
7)oo 46’ a 46* a 
46H t 
4o 
CnPw pf 4 5o 
7129o 51V» JOU 
SOU 
44*. CnPw pl4 $2 
IM ST 
52 
52 
- 
63' a CnPw pf / 45 
261o 8 1 
79 
SI 
66U CnPw pf? 7? 
{24oo 
84 l l 
| ) U 
66 
CnPw p f/ 76 
.. 733o DV* 83 
83 
- i f ' a CnPw pf? t i 
TIO 84 
S IU 
« U f 
25 
CnPw pf2 43 
116 26U 2SH 
26 tO ', CnPw pf5 SO 
47 T IU 6o’ a 
TO 
- 
TSU CnPw pf 
6 
IO W U o6’a 
86U 
$’ i Coni Air 
I] 
456 7 
6W 
6 *. 
4H ContCop 
SO 
95 SU 
5+* 
SH 
41U Conti Cp 2 8o 
13 
BD 5o’ . 48 U 
49 H 
65’ 4 CfiC pf AT SO 
5 54H 54H 
M U I 
CnflGrp 
2 9 1664 M U 
35H 
35', i 
ConllCp 
2 4o I 
>46 5o’i 
STH 
5 7 U - 
Cont ll P 
1 2o 7 
524 16** 
15H 
ISH 
ContllRt 
.. u t i n 
IH 
IH 
Cont OII I X 
8x5979 36H 
35 
3SU~ 
ConlTel 
1 o8 
11.1441 W H 
U U 
W U 
W H Contrl O la 
8 1319 
24 
22H 
2 2 H - 
4oW CnDf pf4 SO 
753o 51*. SOU 
51H< 
MW Conwd 
2 3o 
8 
4 36’ a M U 
M U < 
J U Cook Un 
)of 5 
381 4V« 
4 
4 
79 
Cooper in 
D ll 
215 41 
3*W 4oW- 
4 H CoopLab 
2o W 
447 K H 
TTH 11*+^ 
9 H CoopTR 
TO 3 i i 16V. 
ISH W H ­ 
IT 
Copt pf I 25 
74 l l 
17’ a l l 
1o*4 C opelrid 
68 
I 172 K H 
K H 
KW 
IT H 
CoppRg 
936 23W 
23 
23’ a- 
M *. Coppw J 4ob 
7 
31 S IU 
SOH 
5o’ a 
T’ a Cor aura 
IO* 
66o JU 
3H 
3H+ 
4JU Corno I 52a 
13 842 63W S IH 
6We 
Cousin* 
TI iv , 
IU 
I U ’ 
6W Cowles 
56 16 
W9 D U W H 
D U ’ 
Co.Bdct 
55 9 
477 S IH S IH 
)T u 
Craig 
3o 3 
412 D U I IH 
IT*a 
Crane 
12ob 
6 
27o M U M 
M U 
JredifF 
74 I 
W4 
SH SH 
SH rocks 
I 66 7 
66o 27H M U 
27H i 
^rorXN pf3 
32 45’ * 63H 
«S 
CrompK 
9o 7 
116 IS 
W U W H . 
W U CrouHi 
T 12 
194 J IH IO 
3o 
- 
S IH Croft 1 pf3 35 
6 I I H BO 
SC 
W H C rw nck 
I 
666 
T IU S IH S IH 
W H Crw/et 
I 8o 
IO 882 41H 
3*’ * 
J9U 
S3 
C m l pf 4 X 
75o 62H 
61H 
« ' n 
27U Crum f»o 
I 56 1 3 
421 M H TTH 
28H < 
D U Cut bro 
I 32 7 
IIT T IU T IU 
T I*. 
TU Cullman 
44 ll 
SOI 
D U K H 
12 
1 
K U C om ing 14o ll 429 49U 47U 
4oH ’ 
79 
CumE pf/ SO 
{149o 133H 129 
ISI i 
6'a CunnDrg 
25 
I 
D 
9 
SH l u ­ l l 
CurrInc I ta 
.. 
TIS D U 
D U 17U 
» 
C u rtitK r 
IO 9x384 
K U 
WU 
ISH i 
W U 
C u rtK A 2 
6 77 
26'» 
77 
M U Cutler M I IO 
I 
3o5 41H 39H 
4oU < 
K H Cyclop I 3oa 
5 
67 25H TSH 
TSH 
TIU Cyprus I KS 
24 
393 24 U 23H 
24H ’ 
D 
- E 
- T 
4H DPF Inc 
*11 144 
TH 
7H 
7 U i 
6 h Damon 
X 53 34o 
TH 
J 
TH 1 
7 
DanR Iv 
48 
6 2o9 
9U 
SH 
9 i 
KW DanaCp 
*2 
9 1337 TOH 
26H 
M H 
27' a Dartind lb a IT I S in i i 
\> 
37 4 Dart pf 
2 
J /H Data Gen 
I 
IOU De yco 
5ob 
Dare pf 4 25 
Oeytttd I 2o 
DaytPL I 66 
TV a DPL pf 7 TO to 
DPL pf 7 37 
H U DPL pf 12 SO 
26 a Deere f IO 
W H Del Mon I SO 
U U pet m ap I sp 
JJU PeitaAm 
TO alfet tone 
*M t y* 
W Y 
Soto In tEdik I t i pf S 
IF pf 9 37 
{26o IO 

 i i * 

T h 
IG 
13 
Ti' 

2H 

• TS 
47H 

 d u o i m 
7 44o6 
29V 
7 
SU 
MS 
9 
76o 
Wt 
.ra 
• 
’ 3 L 
* 
I 24 
7x 4oo 26*4 
44 IO WTT 
7 
IO 12x137 

 s 
; 
SO 
224 

IH — *v 

 ae*. 
43 , 

 r . 
S i 
W U 
U h 

H E pf 7 t i 
•IE pf 7 45 

Dexter 
D'GiOrg 
D-G'Or I 
Dial Emf ut ani Int 
J 
O tam M I TST 
Qj^nSh I IO 

Sole* 
(bds.) High low 
241, DI a pf D I 2o 
197 
34 
32 
6 H DlckAB 
» 13 
2o8 
TH 
TH 
13' a 
SH Dicfaphn 64 13 
218 U H 
12’+ 
15 
MV, Diebold 
5o IO 
346 13 
U U 
57’i 
43'+ Digital Eq 
2o 4165 45H 
43U 
U H 
TU Dilllngm 
.52 6x4667 U H 
IO 
K U 
W'4 Dillngm pf 2 x21 2oH 
27’, 
37’, 
28'b Dillon 
I o8b 13 
29 33** 
33 
63 
38'. Disney 
1o 1o 5165 41H 
38'. 
2*. 
I Dlvrsfdln 
.. 
91 
2 
IH 
3H13 16 D lvrsM tg 
17o 
I H 
IU 
TTH ll 
DrPeppr 
44 1ox999 K H 
12'a 
47H 
32' a DomeM 
8oa 15 
323 47H 43H 
6*a 
2 '. OonLuJ 
I2e 
7x198 
3H 
3 '. 
747a 
17** Donnelly 68 ll 
383 24 H 
24 
K U 
13’ . DorOllv ,18e 6 
23 18 
TTH 
13*8 
o*8 Dorsey 
4o 5x125 
I I H 
M ’+ 
4oU 
33'a DoverCp 9o ll 
194 39’i 
38U 
56’ 8 
36*8 Dow Ch 
I ll 8178 37H 
36H 
34’ a 
26* . Dow Jon I 16 1ox15o 
26 
19*. Dravo 
47 
35’ . Dresser 
K H 
16 
DrexBd 
9’ a 
SU Dreyfus 
. 
_ 
I61U 117U duPont 5,25e 14 1567 D 1 H 127’, 129U 
44*. duPnt pf3.5o 
59 duPnt pf4.5o 
16'* DukeP 
I 6o 
76 
Duke pf 6 75 
88 
Duke pf8.7o 
79’ a Duke pf8. 2o 
75’ 7 Du kept 7 8o 
2ov* Dukepf2 69 
33*. 
24'r DunBrd I o6 15 1512 
2o*. 
17** 
DuqLtg 1.72 IO 813 
25’ 4 
21’, 
Duq pf 
2 . 
{54o 
76 
T IU Duq pf 2 o5 
{IOO 
26’ . 
27’ 7 Duq pf 2 o7 
:6o 
26U 
23 
Duq pfG2 IO . 
{IOO 
77’ . 
24’ a Duq pf 2 31 . {172o 
31 
26* a Duq pf 2 75 .. 
155 
89’ 7 
TO 
Duq pf 7 2o 
{353o 
12 
TU Dymoln 
44 
7 772 
TOH 
D U EG AG 
36 1o 1196 
WW 
IO 
ELT 
.14 12 
6o 
5** 
2H EM I Lf 
Ke ll 2o4 
52*. 
21H ESySt 
I 6ob 
8 3o7 
41 'a 
25U EagleP 
1 36 
9x157 
2 2 ', 
16*. EaScoCp 
TS 
7 136 l l ’ . 
41 a East A ir 
4 1565 
28’ h 
22’ a EastGsF 
8o 
9 1279 
K H 
W U EastUII 
I 6o 
8 
67 
12o*4 
7o'« EasKd 1.6oa 181o397 
44 >. 
29U Eaton 
2 8 858 
28’ b 
21 
Echlin 
.48 13 395 
3o 
21 H EckrdJk 
48 14x1o65 
6o' 8 
45U EdlsBro 2 2o 9 241 
TOU 
9U Edwrds 
5o 4 
45 
17 l l* . El Paso 
TIO 7 3o33 
5’ a 
2 El et. Asse 
. 157 
K H 
I IH EDS 
6o 16 
174 
4U 
IU EIM eMg 
4 3o6 
IOU 
5 
El MM pf Ik 
36 
25*. 
15H Elgin Sat 
I 7 217 
SH 
4’» 
Eltxirlnd 
7 175 
31*. 
24U EltraCp 116 8 113 
41’ a 
31’ . Emer El 
I 15 2297 
SOU 
31*. E K M E R Y 
Va.’ 
* oH +4 
34’, 
15H+ 
H 
15 
8* 4 Emery In 
44 
9 *9o 
38H 
M U Emharf 1.8o 
7 
266 
5o’ 1 
34’ / Em harf pf 
2 
16U 
13U Em pDE 136 IO 
454 
6’ . 
4’-a Em pD pf 47 y9oo 
6’ a 
5 
EmpD pf SO ..y55o l l ’ . 
9'a Em pD pf 92 y HOO 
26 ll 
EmpGas 
4o 7 352 
37** 
22H Engl MC I 2o 8 753 
8 
5’ . EnnisB 
32 5 12o 
32U 
21*. Enserch 1/2 IO 941 
ID U 
1o5’ a Ens pf IO 32 
34’ 4 
21*4 
Entex 
I 2o 
7 489 
37’ a 
17*. Envrtec 3oe 9 462 
WW 
21'+ Equifax 
2a 9 
48 
W H 
9 '. Equimrk 88 7 
37 
39 
29U 
Equites 2 84 7 
47 
2/ 
WW EqutLf 2 o9e ll 318 
47 
3o’ . Esmark I 76 7 326 
IO ', 
4’ 2 Esquire 
15 
o7 
IO 
5 H Esterllne 36 8 129 
49U 
29U Ethyl 
1 6o 
6 474 
63H 
39’ . Ethyl pf2 4o 
41 
W 
5 
EvansPd 
6o 8 1o25 
151 a 
14 
Evans pfl 4o 
*358 
27 U 
14’ a ExCelO I 
25 8 177 
21', 
18 
Exclsr I 7oe 
41 
56H 
47’ . Exxon 2 151 
9 7914 
27’ 4 
19’ 2 FM C 
I 12 3628 
39*. 
31’i FMC pf2.25 
46 
9’ 1 
5’ ? Fabrge 
4o 8 4 47 l l ' , 
6U FabrlCtr 
12 6 
59 
9'a 
5 
FacefEnt ll 
181 
55’ . 
33’ 8 FalrCam 
8o 15 2o2o 
HW 
6’ a Falrlnd 
3o IO 29o 
17 
1o*4 Fairm tF 
68 
7 
31 
19’ 2 
12’ 2 Fairm tpf 
I 
2 
9H 
SH F rW stF n 
7 
96 
D W 
5 
F a ra h M f 
546 
9H 
4 
Fodders 
38 8 49 
31’ . 
22’ 2 FedrlCo I 
6o 5 
78 
25U 
17*8 FdMog 
1 
4o 7 222 
W U 
U t. FedNMt 
88 6 1916 
16’ 2 FedPaBd 
9o 4 289 

IO 
5o 
49’ a 
23 
64 
63 
9x1149 21’, 
JOH 
. x38 
89 
88 y135o1o2’ 2 IOO y/oo 
97 
93’ , x 244 
91*. 
9o’ 4 x59 
3o Vt 
29’ « 

1o’ 2 FPap pfl 2o 
IOU FSignl 
I 
Fed DSI 146 
21W Ferro 
1.25 
8x1o2 
34 
SU Fib reb rd 
.. 
16o 
IOU 
3’ s FidF in 
2oe 
5 
65 
oH 
7o 
Fidel Un 2 4o 
7 
55 
35H 
IS 
Fielders* la 
6 
1o7 
TOH 
7 
Filtrol 
5 
174 
I IH 
9 *, FinSanB 
48 
5 
123 
K U 
9U FinlFed 
5o 
5 
36o 
K H 
7 1'. Firestn 
I IO 14 225 1 
23H 
U U FstChar 
8of 
6 18o7 
K H 
1oU FstChlc 
96 
8 
951 
21', 
31*. FtBnTex 
I 
9 
153 
33'a 
36’ a Fsf In Bn I 2o IO 
259 
4oU 
BH FstMiSS 
36 12 3889 
1o’, 
22W Fsf NBO I 88 
8 
o25 
29H 
TOU FtNStBn 
7 
8 
IO 
25H 
14 
F st Pa 
I 32 IO 
5oo 
IT 
IU F tP aM tg 
12o 
IU 
OH FstUnRI 
I 
14 
77 
ITH 
4H FstVaBk 
45 ll 
133 
7 
IT** FWisCp I 7o 
7 
84 
23 
23’ a FISChM 1 2o 
9 
44 
31 
8+4 FiShFds 
6o 
6 
126 
U H 
9 ’a FishrSci 
28 
7 
3o6 
W H 
14 
FleetEnt 4o 13 
56o 
K U 
D U Fleming 
8o 
8 
125 
W H 
SU Flex!Van 
2o 19 1734 
U H 
1o 
Flintkot I TA IO 
786 
23H 
5o*. Flint pf4 SO 
{39o 
66H 
25 
Flint p*2 25 
42 
32 
KW FlaECS* 
15 
24 
2o 
U H FlaGas 
I 
9 
546 
23'a 
2oW FlaPwL T M ll 8455 
27H 
TSH FlaPow 2 28 
9 1 448 
JOH 
K H FlaStl 
I 2o 1o 
22 
21H 
3o 
Fluor Cp 
I 
9 
543 
M H 
72‘. Fluorpf 
3 
4 
o7 
4H FdFalr 
TO 13 
116 
4H 
M U FooteCB 
I 
T 
94 
K H 
43H FordM 3 2o 
S 5945 
59H 
U U ForMcK 
I 
7 
6o1 
W U 
TTH FM K pf I 8o 
7o 
28 
K H FtDear 
I 24 
15o 
K H 
78'. FtMowP 
72 12 
34o 
36’ « 
21H FosWh 
1.3o 
8x495 
42H 
IT' 7 Foxboro 
I 
9 
469 
44H 
9 1528 
24U 
9x1147 3oH lOe 29 1276 
TOU 
I 8o 
I 
6o9 
M H 
4< a Fuqua 
36 9 3o47 
D 

1o*4 GAF Cp 
6o IO 
788 
K H 
K H GAF pf 
IX ) 
226 
K U 
25’ • GATX 
I 8o 12 
335 
37’ a 
M H GATX pf7 SO x7 
43 
4 
GCACp 
o5c 2o 
337 
SH 
4 H GF Bosn 
32 75 
52 
SH 
4H Gabtelnd 
.. 
24 
SH 
J IH GamSk 
I 4o 
5 
1o4 
24’i 
KW Gams pfl 6o 
3 
23W 
32*4 Gannett 
I IT 1231 
36W 
6U GapStrs 
15e 
8 
163 
D u 
I* ’i GardDen 7o W 
944 
K H 
13’ • Garf ink I o4 
7 
52 
K H 
12’ , GasSvc 
1 2o 
9x114 
K H 
4 H G atew ay 
4 
249 
18 
Gearhrt 
28 ll 
428 
26U 
9 W Gem in Cap 
69 
K H 
U H Gem in I 2oa 
6 
K U 
9’ , GA Inv I 22e 
149 
1oH 
35W GnAmO lb IS 1443 b l' 7 
I ’ * GenBanc 8o 15 
159 
D U 
9’, GnCable 
TI IO 
393 
U H 
IT 
GCmma aa 
I 
362 
24H 
3 W Gen Devi 
o 
87 
J ', 
3714 Gen Dyn 
6 1383 
6oW 
46 
GenEI 
I BO 17 6238 
S IH 
26' a Gn Food I 64 
9 7266 
32U 
K U GnGth I Me 2o 
98 
23'4 
I ' , Gen Host 
6o 
1o3 
U H 
I U Gen Inst 
229 IS 
TTH Gn Instr pf 3 
U H Gen Mad 
3o IO 
76H GenMills 
76 D 
57*4 GnAAof S 8oe 
49', OMot pf3 75 
65 
GMO* pf 
5 . 
3o 
5 
Gen Port 
394 561 
TSH GPU 
I 6o 
I 
915 
6 W Gen Ref* 
Ute 7 
34'4 GnS.unl I o4 I) 
J U Gen i f eel 
6 

S ' 
IT FI pf I 3o i t FI pf I 16 jTlre 
I lob 
Unesco iensfar I 4o 
32'. GenuP's 
76 
TO 
Ga Pat 
8ob 
M*« 6 * Pw pf2 57 
M 
GaPw pf? Ti m 
Ga Pw pf? BO 
4oU Ga P a pf ? 7J c 
SH GientPC 
TH Glbr Fin 
J ', GiddLftw 
9* a GirMHilT 
24*+ Gillette 
I SO IO 
TH Ginoslnc 
I 
BU Glees'N 
Me . 
BH G tobM ar 
K H Globe Un 
I nu GldVUFn 
IM daw pf 71 
I U lyr 
I M 
■ J WI A 
4o 
M d 
1 12 
Gould p fl B 
24'4 Grace 
I TO 

OKO 

1 ^ 
7x145o775', 
I 
5JU 

GTei El 
IT IEI pf7 SO 
.T IE ' pf 2 41 

2 
9 

M H 
SH 
TTH 
34' a 

 i l l 
29H i i 

G e r b i l JO tx i l l 
26U 
GeftyO 
7 BO 
IS 
637 2D 
GettO pfl JO 
ST K U 
- i O B 
5o 
9H 
5 
M I 
9 H ll 
Tm 
9H 
7 i i TI 

67 
K l 
122 
2896 l l 
.. 
124 
.. 
{9o 
. {WSO 
6 2497 
7 1246 

 it 3?3 
67 
. 
114 
{12oo 
{3 ’o 

TTH 
M U - 
4H 
4 H — 
TTH 
77',— 
32H 
32 *V 
U H 
33 
- 
|7 H 
TTH 
M U 
M u ­ 

 lti 
8 : 
TSH 
2JU + 
2o4', 2o9 
+ r n , T | u + 

£ 

7 

P i U 
M 
X 

I Ste IS 
42 
X I IO 
I 
3M in SO 
I D/rf) 

 itlk O I 2oa 
K H GfNotr I * 
27 4 QtNoNk 
U H GtWnF 
W U Gt Ast Utd 
7 
K H Of An p fl M i i '4 GrGient I OI 22 
23*. GrG* pf I Ti i i 
Greyti 
I o4a 
I 
I W Greyhnd wf 
TH Grover 
14 
Grumm 
8o 
5 
» H Guardln 
JO 
7 
I 
Goat dMtg 
“ 
Ult As to 66 lf A md wf 
ItA pfS 75 lf A p fl V 
ItA pf2 » 
(ti f Hid 
6o ulfMtg ulfO'i rn 

67 
TV 7 
34 
T 7 
I 4 
JOH 
T )+ * H 
Ti 
GuifR pf I JBI 
KW GuftR btl 6o 
IIH G itS tu f I K 

 f ' t o s i & s 
I ' a Gut ton 
Ste 
3 
H M A Ind 

 f 4 o 
I 4 fo b 

" I f s gratifying lo l*.irn ytHi bought two -.hales of the tom panv \ clock. Argyle, bul ik>n'» Matt throwing ymir wright around " 

Y e a rly 
S a le , 
Ugh le w 
(b d * ) H ig h lo w 
17 
27’ . H a c k A J 8o 8 x28 
1 
W H H allFB 
66 12 145 
3 
13*4 
H allPrt 
8oa 9 
39 
9'» 
48U Halllbrt 56a ll 3918 
SH 
K U H am rlP I 3o 7 719 
8’ 4 
K H HanJSe I 49e 
197 
3’ 4 
K H Han J In 188c 
71 
TH 
3H Handlmn 2o ll 
8o 
T H 
K H Handy Ha 8o 
7 x59 
9 
14*, 
Hanes 
I 36 6 644 
OU 
43*4 Hanna 
18o 
4H 
21'a HarBrJ I 44 
o 
6*8 
Hardees 
5’ 4 
WW Harman 
5ob 
2’ b 
14 
Harnishf 
8o 
6*b 
12 
Harrah 
3oa 
9’ a 
J IH Harr Bk I 5o 
4U 
M H Harris 
8o 13 
TU 
K H Harsco 14ob 6 
4' 7 
8*4 
HartSMx 
TI 9 
9' 7 
ITH HarteHk .6o 13 
8' , 
K H Ha ft Se I 44a 12 
SU 
2o 
HawilEt 1 88 
9x124 
8;W 
DW Hayes Alb lb 
2H 
3 '4 Ha/eltn 
o5e 
9'a 
6*4 Hecks 
12 
TH 
1oH HeclnM 
3ot 
7’ b 
9 
HeilmB 
64 
4' b 
26* ? HeinrH 
I OB 
2 
25' 7 Hein/ pfl 7o 
9 ‘, 
5 
HeieneC 
9 W 
K U Heller Int 92 
o 3o' 4 Helm erP 
4o 
TU 
I '* Hemisp Cap 
8’ b 6W Hemlnc 
66c 
8 
24 Hercules 
11ox2176 
TSH 
7' 7 
K U Hershey 1 17 
6 29o 
2oU 
3H 
7+4 Hesston 
159 IO 
SU 
K U Hestn pfl 6o 
4 VA 
»' 4 
26*4 Heublln 1.32 IO 24o4 
TW 
68*4 HewltPk 
4o 72 1215 
TH 
4 ', HghVolt o5e 23 
354 
4 
ITV, Hlllenbd 
82 9 
176 
J U . 15 
HlltpnHfl 92 IO 1228 
1 
19+4 HoBart 
92 ll 
98 iv, 
14+4 HoernA 
9o 
9 
484 
>*a 
SH HoffEle 
18c 
7 
1o8 
) 
IOU Holiday 
-M ll 1257 
3 
19 
HlidyA 1.7ot 
6 
5+4 
26 
MollyS 
I 4o 
3 
212 
24H Homestk la TO 1893 
SU 
74H Honda 
21 252 

75 
3o7 
295 
467 
171 
1125 
IT 
172 
294 
11x669 
16 
37 

37 
2o H 
22H 
59’ 4 
22H 
18 
72’ i 
4H 
2oH 
78'a 
SO 
34 W 
9' 4 
34 
K H 
K H 
K H 
32', 
24*4 
W H 
VS'4 
K H 
25' 7 
K H ll' j 
8' { 
13H 
16H 
32 
79 H 
5H 
21' 4 
5o 
2’ e 
BH 

32*4 Honywll I 6o 
9 1746 
KW HoovBB I 12 
7 
44 
I ’ m Horizon 
73 
IIH Hosp AH 
.32 
7 
57 
2o'4 HospCpA 4o IO 
797 
8U Host Intl 
4o . 7 
768 
IOU Ho Udall 
9oa 
6 
128 
23', Houdpt 
2 25 
2 
U U HouaMlf 
84 
8 
95 
Tvt nous Fab 
28 
8 
319 
15*4 HoushF I 2o 
7 2574 
35’ 7 HOUF p»7 37 .. 
13 
29W HOUF pf?.5o .. 
18 
2oU HousInd I 7o 
25 
Hous NG 
7o ll 1946 
9H How John 
32 
8 63o7 ll 
Hubbrd I 2o 1 2 
84 
14 
HudsnA 
8o 66 
71 
14'a MudsnB 
8o 66 
I 
4U Hugh Hat 
4o 
6 
27 
34 
HughsTI 
5o 13 134o 
I IH Humana 
5o ll 
2o3 
IOU HuntOi 
34 14 2489 
13*4 HuHnEF 
6o 
4 
427 
IOU Huyck 
6o ll 
839 
8W Hydromt 
52 
9 
1o6 
K H ICInds 
14o 
7 

3o 
74'. 
7V, 
23*4 
22H 
22U 
21H 
7’ z 
12’ . 
23 
3oH 
39H 
25’ . 
45 H 
21H 
TU 
K H 
27 H 
IOU 
K U 
29’ » 
K H 
SH 
2o’ j 
45W 
3o’+ 

3o’ j 
19+4 l l ' t 
55*8 
22 
W H 
21H 
4U 
TOU 
25V, 
49 
33H 
IU 
32H 
W H 
W H 
35U 
31 
24>, 
W ’ 4 
78 
18 
24V, 
K U 
1o*4 en 
U H 
ISH 
31 
29’ , 
5’ ? 
2oU 
4o’ , 
1 
8U 
2 4 ', 
2o’ * 
BH 
W H 
17',+ 
28’ 4 
29' 
M W 
7 
23 
TOU 
TIU 
TOV, 
7U 
I IH 
I V * 
29’ 7 
3o'4 
74 H 
44’ I 
2o H 
2 
15 
26 
IOU 
W H 
78+. 
17 
SU 
KW 

N e t la *! Chg 
3oU + 
' , 
19+4 
'1 
22*+ 
L 
56’ 4 
2'1 
22’ 4 
’ . 
18 
♦ v, 
21V* 
*, 
4W 
IO' 7 
16 
— l ’y 
49 
— I 
33W— 
1- 
9 
+ 
L i i ' 4 ♦ 
U 
W H— 
G 
K H + 
’ ; 
35+4 - 
32’+ + 
+1 
24 *+ - 
’ 1 
W *,. . 
28’ 4 t 
>4 
K H ♦ 
’ 4 
24H- 
’ . 
1oH * 
Vy ll 
— 
I i 
SH + 
W 
13*, + 
U 
16’ J t 
W 
31’ 4 
>< 
29H+ 
U 
SH - 
’ a 
TO’ 1— 
’ 8 
46’ 7 
3’ 4 
2H + 
H 
BH 
H 
25’ 4 
U 
2oU + 
9 

33H ICInd pf 3 5o 
75 
ICInd pf 
6 
3 
IC N P ha 
I 2177 
6 
34’ 7 INACp 
2 IO l l 133o 43H 
KW 
IN Aln 
159a 
7o 2oU 
9 H I U ln tl 
9o11x1211 U U 

44U 
35H 
33’ a 
31H 
IO 
K H 
K H 
K U 
TH 
39 W 
W H 
MW 
K U 
13’ j 
TOU 
23U 
43W 
IO 1o6*4 1o3' 7 
5 ', 
42 
2o 

9x2768 34U 
35’+ 
U H 
17', 
K H 
K U 
TH 
42H 
K U 
U U 
16*+ 
14 
JOU 
23 U 

M U IU Int A 
W 
K H IU lot pf 125 
M 
IdahoP 
2 1o 9 
D U IdealBa 1 2o 
9 
58 
Ideal pf 4 75 
6H Idea Toy 32b 
5 l l ' 1 IllPowr 2.2o ll 
22' , 11 Pow pf 2 o4 .. 
22’ , ll Pow pf I IO 
I 
24' 1 IIPow pf2 21 .. 
2SU IIPow pf2 35 .. 
46’ z IIPow P U U ..J 
5o 
IIPow pf4 47 
{ 
21 
IT A 
.5o 15 
IOU ImplCpA 
24 
5 
25H INCO 
I 4oa 
12 
4+4 IncCap 
8 U IncCCu 
88c 
. 
6V 7 IndiM pf 7 7o . J 
7 o V , IndlM pts 68 
1o2 
IndiM pf 
12 
19*, IndiGas 2.12 
7 33 28W 
27 
2o 
Indol PL 182 
IO 37o 24 H 
23* 
U U IndlNat I 2o 
7 41 16+4 
1o' 
6H InexcoO 
2o 7578 K U 
1oV 
65 
InaerR 7 8o13x1164 7oH 
o7M 
44’ 4 IngR pf? 35 
. 
231 48W 
47' 
24 
Infnd Con 
I 
8 442 29*+ 
27’ 
41 
InlndStl 2 6o 
9 549 47'+ 
46 
TW Inmont 
8o 
7 45o W H 
16’ 
SH In si leo 
8oe 
7 5o6 IS 
14' 
U H Insll pf A I 25 
. 
9 19 
18* 
2o+4 InspCop 5oe 
7o 2 8 ', 26' 
I 
InstlnvTr 
26 
Th 
T* 
7 
In teg on 
K 
7 36o IO ', 
9+ 
38H Interco 
I 66 
8 41o 42 
4oV 
JU Infarct DI v 
12o 
TV4 
6 
25H Interlak I 2o 
5 
172 
36H 34+ 
288' 7 273H IBM 
IO IT 41/3 2/7H 266 
28 H 
K U InlF lavF 
44 K 2592 K H 
18' 
33H 
W H IntHarv I 85 5 5o11 SJH 
32 
42'4 
32*4 IntMlnC 2 4o 6 1775 4 IU 
4o’ 
K H 
6H Int Mug 
4oe 7 
ITI KW 
15' 
7o' a 
K H IntMultl 
85 7 
99 K H 
19’ 
79H 
J IH Int Paper 
2 9 735o 57H 
51'' 
8 
SH IntRectlf 
2o 
41 
6H 
5' 
34H 
22U InlTT 
I 76 1ox7V99 
34H 33+ 
63W 
44 
IntTT pfH 4 
*14 63 
6?’ 
59U 
42U IntTT pf J 
4 x42 59’+ 
58 
SBW 
41’ 4 IntTT pfk 4 x l3o2 S IU 
57 
65’ 4 
47 
InfTT pfO 5 x49 64 H 
64 
4 IH 
TTH IntTT pf2 25 x924 4 IH 
4o+ 
63 
45U IntTT pf4 5o 
. 68 63 
61’ 
32 
23* 4 Intr pee 
I 45 
6 
45 29U 
TV1 
BJW 
64 
Intrpcept 
5 
3o 71+4 
76’ 
37 
KW InfrpGp I 6o 
7 
53 MW 
3o* 
18 
W H InfrsPw I 45 M 
157 18 
17% 
77’ 4 
24 
InPw pf 2 28 
{71o 26U 
26 
7 
4U infrstUn 
24 24 
7 26 
6 + 4 
6' 
25’ 4 
KW Iowa Bt 
4 949 
23H 21V 
W H 
D U Iowa ET 
I 4o 9 
77 W'4 
W 
JJU 
W H Iowa I IG I 84 9 
IIT 23 
21% 
J I ' 4 
74W lowlll pf7 31 
ID M 
27’ 
26 
21H lowaPL 2 IO 
I 
119 25 U 
25' 
72H 
W H lowaPS I 8o 

KW JamesF 
8o 
IS H Jantren 
8o 
TU J anan F 
98e 
?4H JeffPilot 
8o 
36 
JerC pf 
4 
87 
JerC pl t M 
4o’ 1 JerC pf 7 88 
MOU JerC pf 13 5o lOOU JerC pf ll 
■IC 
I 3o 

7o' 8 
7 
• 
23*. 
JIH 
2 IU 
21H- 
7U. 
. 
MW 
22’ 4 
29*. 
39'4 + 3 
25' a 
44H 
TOH— 
2H ... 
15' 4 
26 H 
TOH + 
W U— 
28H — 
IT 
— I 
8H + 
2o 
— 
44'z>— I 
M 
— 
33'+— 
32 
- 3 
M U - 
167, 
K H t 
18’ 1— 
TH. 
. 
4o 
- I 
WU 
.. 
U H ♦ 
K H 
DW 
JOU 
73H - 
43 H — 
1o3' , ♦ 2 
SH + 
42 
— 
JOH 
DW + 
3 5 ',+ 
KW ... 
28’, + 
22'+— 
96H + 
I U . . . 
26'+ + 
26 — I 

 iv. 

I V , 

IJT 
M U m u 
. . I I M 
1o9o ll? 
I 1ooo 
26 
3 H Jew dcor 
o 
KB 
4* 
23 
JhnMan I 4o ll 1983 
3o 
K H Johns Jo la 19 19o9 
7o 
U U JohnsEF 
8o 
4 
127 
I)' 
U H JohnCn 
I » 9 
596 
35' 
26*. Jon Cont pfT 
58 
62 l f ' , Jontogn 
5o 
5 
166 
14’ 
Si 
JonLaupf 
5 
/SO 
55' 
19+a J o t gen 
1 
J 
47 
2o: 
16 
Josh-ns 
8o l l 
2o9 
21' 
32H JoyMfg 1 3o 12 1144 
44 
IU Just IC* M 
64 
I ’ 
29 
K L M Air 
8 
5 
35'.' 
27U katsr Al 
1 2o 16x621 
35 
SOU KaiAI pf4 u 
.4o 
61 
57 
Ka* 57pf 4 TS 
.25 
6." 
57’ , X ai 59pf4 75 
68’ 
56’ , hat 66pf 4 TS 
.65 
67 
SH xaivCam 5o 
9 
3o9 
IM 
12+4 katCe pfl 37 . 
W 
K ’ 
24 
KaiCa pf2 SO 
6 
32 
9H Kane M il 28 

I6U + 
K U + 

 tOUE 
46 
F 
WX)H 
||V ,+ m u - 

IU 

K U k anet. 
I ll 1661 

J2J 

21+1 

 iu iffif 

I H 
I 
JO 
M W 
I t 
- t i 
K H 
W U 
K 
I 
“ 
M H Ewss 
^ te: JiTa 

M H E I 

XCtyPL 2 46 
9 
41H KC P l pf 3 IO 
4o 
KCPL pf4 5o 
27+4 KCPL pf7 13 
IS 
KCtovln lr 
8 
o U KCSou pf I . 
K 
KanC,El I 76 
7 
MV. van No I 32b 
I 
K 
KanPLI I 4o t 
J IH KaPL pf? 32 
3 
K a ty Ind 
D U Kfy pf B I 4o 
6' . K auf Br 
o6e 14 
WU Kauf pfl JO 
FU Kcwecai 
47* Ke+ncCp 
IU ftt teHfkr 
JO 
Kef logo I M IS 111! 
D 
Kenwood IO 
5 
MI 
M U Kertnmff 96 IO 
TW 
TSU Kannet 
TO* 1o2K2I 
» 
KyUftl 
164 
I 
D I 
D 
Kerr GU 
4o 
5 
578 
IOU Kerr Mc I 25 14 26o6 
M U Key tit Con Ie 
7 «5T 
K U KiddeA I 2o 
«o 
K l dor pf J 2o i i 
Kidde pfB 4 w 
43 
Kidde pfC 4 . ai 
36U KimbCf 2 JO 
I 16o3 
• H King DSI 
6o 
T 
ID 
IIH Kirsch Co 9o IS 
K l 
M U KntgtRid 72 iT 
511 
J U Koehrln 
5o* 
7 
ID 
2o 
Koen pf? 75 . 
J 
2o hoppers 
9o 9x265o 
SO 
Koppr pf 
4 
I i W 
J’ 4 Kuracrp 
4 
7o 
ICH Kreft 
2 32 
9 164o 
31'4 KrevgeS 
32 W IBM 
TO 
Kroehler 
TS 
I 
WH Kroger 
I 44 
• 
655 
IU K y SOT 
6o D 
IOT 
SU LF 6 CP 
21 
o* 
1o 
LTV C p 
5 
1764 
D U L IV A 
351 
o 

‘ 
* 
D 
Lem Se* 
D U LenaBr> 
I , Lawir Ch 
4o 
18.117 
6U I ear Si*y 
5o 
7x757 
B H L e e r) pf? S x ii 
J IH L e a t* I Mb 
9 
IM 
IOU LeedtN 
4ob I I 
197 
U lee+ona 
75 
4 
OI 
M u LahPCI 
I 
D 
Ti 
<• Lah V elly 
111 
JOW LV In pf! 5o 
I 
TOH le tm n 1.25# 
554 
4' 1 Lennar i i 
K 
Lenox 
I 
9 
<62 
OU LeaFer 
4ob 
4 
3o1 
4 H Lev F deep 
65 
11 
I eve I n ? ! # 
WH LevUtre 
OO 
6 MTS 
I 
LevitiF ii DO? 
U H LO E b u LGF 

I I H - I ’, io u + 
H 

 l l , aw 

TH 
7 H - 
W H 
W U — 
16 
16H + 
IO 
1 o , - 
9 H 
o H - 
25' 1 
ISH . 
W U 
W H , 

I k 
V V - 
B H 
B H 

SH 

Yearly 
High law 
Sale, 
Ne! 

OH I w 
.Ca ST 
V M 
M 
• 
J b 
I m U b rt 

TU j le u 
OO’ 4 
6o 
3 6 '. 
7 3 '4 
19' 
4 '. 
WW 
23'+ 
44 
21U 
U H 
19’ , 
37’ j 
DW 
17’ / 
73U 
«o 
IS H 
95 
13o', 
28 
, » 
• 39' 7 
W U 
31W 
18U 
IT ' 1 
W U 
44W 
W H 
9 
31U 
24H 
47’ , 
SU 

IS H 
42’ 4 
SH 
T IU 
12 
SU 
7’ 7 
IO U 
18' .- 
38’ , 
55 
13’ 4 
oW 
M U 
37H 
77’a 
9W i l ’ i 
46 
WW 
OOH 
T IU 
M U 
15*8 
o1U 
K H 
61W 
2 5 *, 
2o l l 
28 H 
31 W 
25U 
15 
32U 
K W 
M U 
2 7 ', 
8H 
36 
36*. 
o H 
39 
WU 
S5U 
66 
75 
23 
32H 
W H 
28 
48H 
TOH 
27H 
23*. 
12H 
73 
59 
59U 
3oU 
JZH 
73’ , 
64’ , 
S IH 
TOU 
33’ 4 
39 U 
4o’ 7 
M U 
JOH 
19 
JOH 
91' 7 
BBW 
94 >4 
92U 
93 W 
17 
26 
IO 
76 
24H 
WH 
W H 
3 
3 IH 
29' , 
W H 
25 
66'* 
21' , 
IS H 
K H 
4o H 
79 
K H 
77*8 
67H 
7 
25 
9 H 
24 
45' 4 
54' , 
TTH 
IS H 
U H 
IOO 
MO’ , 
4oH 
2o< j 
73H 
U 
55' 1 
64H 
26H 
D W 
4 H 
22'+ 
59 
48 W 
28nu 
TH 
2o 
23 H 
29H 
21'4 
IT 
IO U 
JIH 
73 W 
23U 
24'. 
U H 
S IH 
3 6 ', 
ISH 
2o 
K W 
K H 
K U 
29 *. 
43'+ 
9 W 
79 
2 7 ', 
TI 
29H i v 7 
WH 
8 
I I H 
W H 
26 W 
K U 
74H 
56' » 
SSW 
IS 
JOU 
56 W 
SJH 
SH 
ISH 
JI *4 
2 5 ', 
K 
JOH 
25 W 
73 
7JH 
K H 
M7 
JIH 
JIH 
J I' I 

18 

JU llb rtyL n pf 
29U LiggfGp fso 8x158 
82 lig g t pf 
7 
{i/o 
42 
Liny Eli 1.42 IS 2271 
24 
LincNat I 6o ll 1o23 
48 
L inc Nfpt 3 x2o 
15*4 Line Pl 
I 72 
36 
IU LlonelCp 
9 
227 
oH Litton In let 13 1o65 
9 
LittptC pf 
2$ 
IT 
Litton p f 
3 
16'. Littai pf 
2 
6 *, Lockheed 
K U Locttte 
12 
11 
Loews 
1.2o 
6 
Loma Fin 
5o 
D U LomM 
,71e 
14 
LonStar I IO ll 
59 
LoneS pf 4 SO 
ISH InglsLt I 56 
7 
82' , LU. pfK 8 » 
IU 
LTL pfN 
13 
27H L IL pfP 2 43 
24'. LIL pfO 2 47 
27W LongDr 
De 18 
8' i LoralCp 
4o 
7 
22 
I a Land I 2o 12 3o31 
12 
LaPaclf 
2ob IO 1142 
21*8 LoulsGs I 92 
9 
98 
D U Lowenst 
6o 22 
153 
31' , LubrlfOl I IO 14 
286 
13 
Lucky S 
68b 14 15o4 
6'4 Ludlow 
4o 
22 
LukenSt I 6o 
IIH LykesCp 
4o 
28H tykes pf2 5o 

(bds.) High Low 
Lott Chg. 

2 
4o 
3 
724 
13 
SI 
6 WSO 
9 1184 
533 
652 
I 
1o79 
I IOO 

TH 
34H 
9o 
43 ', 
35’ , 
7o’ 7 
K H 
TW 
14 
19 
39' 7 
21V, 
1oH 
W H 
35 
9H 
K H 
TTH 
88 
ISH 
93 
D IO DO’ , x3l 
TTH 
38 
169 
266 

158 
7 
3oo 
3 2847 
823 
4 
LvnCSvs 
3o ll 
118 

 i— o 
15 
441 
WI 
1827 
142 
726 na 
ISH 
5 
552 
/39o 
498 
34 
1632 
I W x28o 
68 ll 
157 
2o 
4 
6o 

32 

U H 
39 H 
4H 
W H 
SH 
SH 
o' 8 
9H 
18 
35 H 
53'. 
12*, 
SU 
D U 
34 
24’ N 
8*» 
38 U 
46 
W H 

 tM - lOH M BPX 
4oa 
2SW MCAInc lb 
3H M EI CP io n MGIC 111 
IO 
7 '. Mat AF 
6ob 
2* . Mac Don 
4' 8 Macke 
36 
4 '. Macmitl 
SO 
U H Mem I pfl 2o 
26H Macy 
I 3o 
47' .- Mat ypf 4 25 
9' 7 Mads C d 
Tie 
4 
MSGCp 
6*8 MaglcCt 
71 '. M allory 
2o 
Mal Hyde 
4U Manhln 
29 
Mfr Man I 92 
8 2175 
32*. MARCO I IO 16 9o1 
TU M aratM .12# 
3 
*98 
41’ . MaratOil 2 2o 
9x963 57*. 
U H Marem t 
6o 
o 
225 
W H 
8*. Mar Mid 
HO ll 
57o 
U H 
D U MarlonL 
52 12 
245 
W H 
28’ , Marley 
I 2o 
8 
528 
SIH 
IOU M arriot 
25t ll 7915 
IIH 
52’ .* MrshMcL I 16 817 
5o 
KU- MarshF I 24 ll 
38o 
2oH 
K H M arlM a I 4o 
8 623 
7o 
WH Mary Ray 
4o 133366 
18 
W 
MrldCu 
66b 
9 
179 
77U 
19 
MascoCp 28 12 118 7 
23 
IT 
Masonite 6o 12 1o48 
TOH 
9+4 MavM 
I De 13 
263 
WU 
K H Massy Fer la 3 1348 
2oH 
W H MasCp 
I 6o 
1o3 
W H 
IOU Maslnc 
96e 
181 
HW 
K H MafstiE M28e 12 
291 
23* , 
4 ’. M allei 
5 
716 
5*+ 
27*. MayDSt I IT 
9 
8o4 
79U 
24U MaverO I 2o ll 
172 
36W 
2*. Mays J A 
K l 
33 
3U 
3o’ . AAaytg I 5oa 13 
4Jo 
3J’ « 
13 
McCord 
84 
5x155 
ISH 
37H Mr Der 
I 6o 
4 2624 
48 
44U McDnld o5e 18 4K4 
46U 
WG Mc DonD 
5o 
8 IMO 
24 
MtDonh 
«o 
5 
36 
TOU 
McGEd I 6o IO 
4o5 
3o 
McGrwH BO 11 3645 
17'* 
MGH pf I 2o 
5 
78 
M i Int yr 
I 28y 75o 
31*, 
76 
W H 
54 
23’, 
118 
IT 
6 
63 U U 
5 
1844 K H 
25 
51 
88 
52’+ 
7 
132 3o 
11 MIO 
25 
8o 
8 
15o8 23’+ 
BO 9 
8 4 3 ', 
I SO 17 2834 59*4 
7o 5 
57 2oU 

13*. 
71 ’. 
I? '. 
2o*. 

D U Mc Kee- 
9o 
A 
K H McLean 
46 
8 
15*. 6ArLout I 2o ll 
9U McNeil 
8o 
6 
16*. Mead Cp 
97 
5 
SSW Mea p»A2 8o 
' 
K W Mea pf BT BO 
17 
Medusa I 6o 
7 
W H Melville 
96 
9*+ Menasc 
8o 
42' b Mere Sir 
5o' 7 Merck 
IOU Meredith 
14’ a M errLyn 
19 
Mesa Pet 
IO 22 3386 
74' v MesP pfl oo 
9o5 
6 
Mosabi I 28e 
9 
Til 
K H Mosta I 5o# 7 x 19 
; 
U H MGM lr 
I 
TTT 
15 
Metrom I IO 
8 
374 
73' , M IE PIF 8 12 
{3oo 
TO 
M IE ptG7 68 
,16oo 
73’ , M IE ptJB 32 
,6oo 
T IU M IE pit 8 12 
/DOO 
73 
M IF pf MB 32 
,7o 
D U MlchGs I 2ob 
9 132 
17' , Mich The I TO 7 
13o 
7o*8 M hA i pf? 6/ X347 
25 
AAfiAi pf2 IT xlOI2 
DW Microwv 
4o ll 
36o 
U U MldCtl 
I 1o 
9 
WO 
13H MidSUt I 38 
9 2327 
I 
M idlndM 
32 
18'. Midi Ro 
1 6o 
8 
357 
2o' , M ileslb I 78 
8 
355 
VW M ilt Br ad 6o 
I 
6o7 
21', MlnnGs 1 72 
8 
71 
48*. M lnM M I 45 W SITT 
18*4 MinnPL I Ti 
8 
2oo 
D U MlrroAI 
96 ll 
99 
8 
MlssnEq 
36 
8 
713 
22H MPacC 
I 6o 
7 1384 
2o'. AAnPtCe 1 6o 
9 
55 
9+4 MoPSv lb 
8x2o1 
24H AAU PS pf2 44 x K 
47' , Mobil 
3 SO 
I 4336 
3 '. AAobileH 
179 
ISH Mohaveo 
9o 
7 
4o2 
3 
AAohkDta 
25 
773 
KW MohkR 
I 2o 
4 
35 
18 
AAolycp 
I 2o 1ox629 
28 
M oly pf 2 5o x4 
16 
AAonrh 
I 2oa 
5 x3o 
o+4 AAonogr 
'28 
6 
o77 
7H AAonrEq 
'2o 26 U33 
76 
Monsan 2 BO 
8 1873 
84 W AAons pf I TS 
13 
26H Mon DU 2 4o 
8 
121 
72U AAonPw ISO IO 
45o 
J IH Mont St I 8oa 
1o1 
7W MONY 
96c 
12 
294 
29+4 MooreM 
I 
5x222 
5o 
AAorgan 
I l l 1o38 
18 
MorrKnu I IO 
5 35o 
1oH AAor+eSfi 
SO 
4 
236 
TH M fg T rAm 
955 
IJH AAorNor 
(Mi 
348 
4 IU Motorola 84 18 1Vo6 
JOW MD uef 
I ll 3153 
19 
MtStTel I 88 IO 
95 
7 
Munford 
4o 
I l i t 
5*, Munfd pf 
4o 
19 
14*. Munsna 
I OB IO 
39 
16+. MurpftC 
I 7o 7 
1 68 
K H MurpOll 
8o 
7x1323 
12*4 MurryO I 2o 
7 
65 
WU Mutton* I 32 
DO 
6 *. Myer+L 
4o 
333 
73H NC RCp 
72 IO 2343 
U H NL Ind 
1 2o 9 4413 
TOH NL Ind WI 
4 
ISH NL TCp 
64 
I 
BW 
6H NYF 
I 451 
7x616 
ISH Nabisco 2 52 IO 
542 
J9U N al co Ch 
96 15 SSI 
IOU NarcoSi I 
6o 
8 
9o 
IO*. Navf-uaC 
68 
9 
SOS ll 
Na!Air! 
SO X 1o91 
NAvia lib 
ITO 
NatCan 
ST S t il l 
NC an pf I 5o 

IO 

 ll 
IO 
Ti 
IT 
NflChem 
48 
SH NtCltyL 
Mc* 
25 
NatOetr I 57 
K U NatOKt I 6o 
o7*, NOlsf pf 4 25 
TI 
NatFG 7 16 
24H NtFGpf J IO 
I IH NslGyp I OS 
JH NafHcirn 
5+4 Natlnd 
3o 
4 
D U NI Ind pfl 25 
W 
NAAdCre 
o9e I. 
TU NMedE 
4o 
7 
ISH NMmeSv 5o 12 
36 
NatF*rs!o 
2 
7 lf* . NtSemie 
18 
9 H N ive Ind 
82 
8 
U U N Stand 
1o4 
8 
44*. NSterch I OB I 
37 H NatlStl J 5o 
9 
)* * Nat Tea 
27' 1 Natoma I 4o 
5 
D U Neptune 
4o IO 
W1 , Nev f*w 
I 6o 
5 
IS' , NevP p fl 6o 
KW NevP pfl 74 
71*. NevP pf 7 M 
2o*. NevP p f! 95 
19 
NEngE, I 86 
9 
12*. NEnGE I 36 
T 
IO )', NEG pf9 SO 
T6H N fn P pf2 Ti 
B U NEngT 
I 6o IO 
24 
NYSEG I 4o 
9 
NYSE pf J 75 
NY SF pts DO 
NYSE pf2 It 
Ncwfi al I 
56 ll 
N**w rn I 
I 6o W 
Nwmt pf 4 5o 

6 
TH E 
IU 
33U 
34+4 + 
H 
9o 
9o 
+ 
I 
42 
42’> - 
I 4 
34 
35 
+ 
I 
69 
7o 
+ 
1+4 
K U 
19', + 
'n 
2H 
2*4 f 
'n 
U H 
U ', — 
’+ 
18+4 
19 
F 
’ 4 
38+k 
38*. j 4 
2o H 
J IH + 
*. 
9U 
9'.,— 
U 
W H 
W H J 
H 
32H 
33’* - 
I * . 
* H 
9'.,— 
H 
IV / 
I* 
F 
2o*. 
72HF 
IU 
88 
88 
- 
2 
18*, 
K U — 
H 
93 
93 
— 
179’ , I3oU + 
I 

27' 
29 
ISH 
31 
16 
26'4 
13’ , 
33H 
K H 
SU 
31'+ 
12+4 
32 
7*4 

27', 
IV 7 I 
U 
27H 
27’ 4 + 
27*+ 
27*+ - 
IU 
ISH 
D H F u 
29H 
3o’+ - 
15'. 
15’ «— 
+4 
TSH 
26 
12*+ 
U U — 
'4 
31H 
33 
I 
IU 
15*4 
I i 
+ 
<4 
7*. 
8 
- 
'n 
19'n 
29’ , F 
*» 
U H 
11+4- 
H 
79*. 
29 V 
2U 
oH 
7 
14 

U U 
U G - 
, 4 
31+4 
39H + in 
4H 
4 ', 
K H 
W H - 
U 
7H 
TV, 
*» 
5'4 
S U F u 
A 
6 
_ 
'n 
9H 
9H J 
18 l l 
' n 
34' , 
35' n 
* , 
SI 
52’ r 
IT 
U U 
SU 
S U — 
' . 
IO ll 
+ 
H 
33 
33 '. 
H 
23 H 
23 H - 
*n 
SH 
8 ’n 
’ n 
38 
38 H E 
H 
44’, 
4$ 
— I 
13' , 
13*, + 
*k 
SAH 
56*. + 
H 
17 
WU 
*» 
IIH n u - 
«+ 
U H 
U*+ . 
' n 
48*. 
49’ . 

 ta 

4 |' , 
56 
59'4 
69H 
D I 
1)4 
• TH 
W 
J IH it 
D U 
K H 
SOU 
A *. 
• '+ 
36 
4 ', 
IN 
IIH 
WH 
S3 
93 H 
W H 
36*. 
47' 1 
51'» 
53 
ITH 
118 > 
K IU 
(OI 
M U 
42-4 
4 
A 1 , 
36'+ 
57 + 
A37*. 
57+4 
29 i l l 
B U 
IJH 
B U 
39 

7 
84 
o3 
1498 I SH 
U H 
IMO 
W U 
39 
'6o 
4o’ I 
4o'+ 
/TIO 
43U 
43'V 
V'5oo y IO 
4 l’+ 
5) 
45'+ 
53, 
V’ 14o 59‘ . 
R y DW o 
o7+4 
14ooo1 y 194o’ iii 
IU 
I K U 
ID U 

 aa * 

 r n 

72H Nicor p fl 9o 
27W Nor!Am I Ti I 
14' 7 Nor I in 
I 25 
1 
22'4 N o m , i i 
33 
NOA Coal 
9o 
9 
?+» No AAA ta 
K H NOA Phi I » 
I 
2+1 NoCArr 
De t 
H No Ce Arr wf 
9H Noest Ut I o7 
8 
14 
NlndPS I 44 
7 
I I H Nor NO* I Of 
7 
79 
NONG pf5 BO 
76 
NONG pf6 4o 
2' • NoStPw I 94 
9 
NSPw pf J IO 
45*. NSPw pf4 Kl 
44 
NSPw pf4 ll 
TS 
NSPw pie CO 
IOT' , NSP pf IO 34 
86 
NSPw p f/ o4 
« ’ 4 NSPw pf 8 8o 
Ti 
NSPw pf 
I 
25', Nor TP 
64 
IO 
N orthgate 79 
7?H Norlhrp I 4o 
9 
S 
N WSI AJrl 
45 ll 
Gw'Bm I 92 IO 
24H N w tln r 
; 
I 
J4H NwtEnr ct 2 
I 
?2' 4 Nwf Ind 
2 25 
7 
IU N wst 1 red wf 
73 
Nwfln pf 4 3o 
34+4 NwtP pf2 5o 
9' 7 NwAALfe 
Ie 
17 
27-1 NwtSfA I 3o 12 
25U Norton 
I IO 
7 
W H Nor Sr rn oob 
9 
» , 
NortS p fl X 
97 
W , Nu* or Cp 
32 6 
WI 
»H DKC CP 
I S 5x257 
/ak md 
4o 
IO Wo ikifeP 
I 
IO i i cc <d Pet 
I 
13 I i i ) idPef wt 
I i i 
. 
,p pf! K 
IS 
^ c iP p fJ fM 
Ti 
. ;ctP pf 
4 
63 
JOH Gee IP pf? IO if* 
TS’, Ogden 
I IO 6 
,23 
B W Ogdn pf I »7 
) i 
U te Or* to Ed 
1 7o 9 
956 i i Oh Cd pf 19o lit) lid pf4 46 
I IVO lid pf4 44 no 
’i d pt4 a cie 
Cd pf7 lf {DOO lid p fl 2o lid pf Kl 48 
Of’Cd pf K Ti 
Oh Pw ut* o4 
U t OPw p f UT 6o 
I Ti'1 OPw pf A lf 
IK 
§i»w plF 14 
7o 4 CPW pf B l 41 

 r 149o I7 H 
Do 
I IH 

 i t " i k 

’'it 

 r n 
» 

Stock Symbols 

Sales figures are unofficial. 
Unless otherw ise noted,ratesofdivldendslnthetore- jo'nu table are annual disbursements based on thefast quarterly or semiannual declaration. Special or extra dividends or payments not designated as regular are identified in the following footnotes. 
* J A,?> extra of •Ktres. b 
Annual rate plus stock dividend c—Liquidating dividend e Declared or paid in preceding \2 months 
» —Ooclaredor p«i(latterstock dividend o spllfup i 
Paid thisyear.d ividen dom ltted, r ferred or no action taken al last dividend meeting 
Declared or paid this year, an accumulative issue with divie!endsinarrears n—New issue r 
Declared or paidinpreceding Um onthsplusstockdlvldend t 
Paid 
In stock in preceding 12 months, estimated cash value on ex dividend or ex distribution date x 
Ex dividend or ex rights y - Ex dividend and sales in full 
/ 
Sales in full cid Called wd 
When distributed wl 
When Issued ww 
Wlfh warrants xw ~ Without warrants xdls—Ex 
(distribution 
VL to bankruptcy orrecelver*hiporbeingreorganl/ed under the Bankruptcy Act. or securities assumed bv such companies 
Where a split or stock dividend amounting to 2.5 per cent or more has been paid the year's high low range and dividend are shown for the new stock only 

Yearly 
High low 
Sales 
(bd*J High y61oo 84". 
49 
OPw pfOT 76 
’ 7 
17*4 
OklaGE 1.48 IO 2584 
G 
1o OklGE pf SO 
/WO 
U 
73*4 OklaNG 
I I 971 
H 
SOU 
OfinCp 1 5o 6x214 
H 
26H 
Ollnkrft I IO 9 647 
1’ , 
VU O m ark 
TI 8x2o9 
G 
9 Oneida 
84 
8 1 34 
IG 
13 Opelika 84 
I 
19 
2 , 
13 Or anRk 
I K 
8 31o iH 
o*4 Orange 
2ob IS 312 
1’ , 
21*b 
OutMar I M 7x385 
’ .- 
WH OutletCo 
(kl 
7 199 iH 
ISH OvernitT 
9o 
7 229 
” , 
IOU Over Sh 
3ob 
7 345 
1G 
42 OwenCn 
I 13 1389 
IU 
5o Owenlll 
I 88 
8 U K 
81 
Ownll pf4,75 
8 
K H Oxfrdlnd 
Ti 6 x95 

• r - Q 
- R 
U 
5*. RN BMR 
4o 17 
73 
I’ , 
35 PRGind 
I 2o 
7 1893 
U 
S’ 1 PSA Inc 
411 
’ » 
12', PacAS 
I 24 
174 
'a 
3o P a cG t 
7 
8 46J5 
1o*. Pee Liq 
I 68 8 
583 
H 
2o H 
Pac I rn I 4o 16x168 
U 
24' , Pac Petri 
86 
9 
3o1 
' 4 
» 
Pac Pw 1 8o 
9 1344 
'« 
D U P a d T 
I 4o 
9 
384 
72' j PacTT pf 6 
/SO 
'» 
SH Pac Tin 
8o 13 DA 
* . 
SH PalneW 
45e 
4 768 
’ 7 
U H PaiW pf I 3o 
74 
U 
4*4 PalmBc 
5o 5x7o5 
1 , 
JU Rani Ida 
IT 
I 627 
’ n 
4H PanAm 
2742 
'n 
29»» Pan EP 
2 so 
8 1499 
G 
8 
Paprcff 
BOI) 
8x5o4 
’ n 
U U Pargas lh 
1o*498 
1 i 
32 
Para pf 2 64 x2 
’n 
WH Park Dr lOe 
9 471 
* , 
21*. Par Han I 'TO 
9 
78 
’ n l l* . Park Pen 
48 
8 
K 
G 
71+ PatrkP 1251 16 1174 i'b 
16' 
Paylsnw 
A' 
9 
114 
'4 
U H F’eabody 
TO 12 
/29 
'■’n 
4 '. PenDix 
34b 
176 
IG 
47H Penney 
I 78 l l 3284 
’n 
48'. Pa Co pf 4 63 
I 
1 1 
K H PaPwLt I 8o 
8 
493 
44H P#P l pf4 4o 
/TOO 
47 
R apt pf 4 SO 
/AHO 
G 
87 
PaPl pts AO 
,23o 
KOU PaPl pf8 4o 
/ 96o 
99' 4 PaPL pl9 34 
/SIO 
'» IO?' , Pa PL pf ll 
/71o 
I WH PaPL pf 13 
//IO 
' , 
77 
PaPL pf 
8 
,23o 
11, 
82 
PaPL pts 7o 
/97o 
’ n 26 G Pennwlt 1 6o 
9 
739 
*4 
41*, Pen wl pf I 5o 
. 
J 
U 
21 
Penwl p fl AO 
27 
G 
K U Penn/OI I 4o 
8 2281 
2 5', Penn/ (El l l 
7 
76 
Penn/ pf BB 
{141o 
'4 
SH PeopDrg 
TO 
8 
63 
’ , 
34 G PnopGs 3 4o 
I 1387 
' , 
69', PepMCzO 
J 14 1238 
H 
W H PerkElm 32 17 1o23 
’ n 
23H Pie Inc 
I 6o 
8 
1o5 
D U Reline pf 8o .. 
72 
U H Pel Inc pl I 
23 
H 
IO U 
Peter Pl 8oa 8 x36 
63' , 
Petrie t 6oa 17 
46 
U 
K U Petrol an 
TI 
8 565 
7o'. Petrlm I A le 
58 
’ n 
25H 1,1/er 
88 U 3253 
G 
34*+ PhelpD I 2o 18 
724 
H 
U U PhllaEI I 64 
9 18o8 
36 
PhllE pl I HO 
/JDO 
H 
:w Phi IE pf 4 3o 
, 24o 
39'. PhllE pf4 4o 
/IOO 
’ / 
41’ , PhllE pf 4 68 
/AO 
Vt 
63' , PhllE pt 
7 
/ISO 
78 
PhilE pts 75 
,39o 
G 
7o 
PhilE pl7 85 
/SUO 
96 
PhllE p!9 52 
/KO 
1. 
84' , PhilE pf9 5o 
, 366o 
69’ n PhllE pf 7 BO 
,647o 
’ , 
AAU PhllE pf / TS 
115o 
H 
U H PhilaSub 8o 
Bx IBA 
>+ 
A G PhllAAor I 
3o 12 3122 
3 *. Phlllnd 
o5# 
IO 
KS 
' , A' , Phil Ind pf 
33 
' . 
49U Philippi 18o ll 1821 
*+ 
TH Rh 111 VII H oo 
8x1o9 
H U U Pickwick 
32 11x38o 
U 
15 
PledNG 1.44 
8 
$o 
H 
4 ', P ier lim p 
8 138 
33U 
Plll+bry 1 
1o 13 
777 
' 4 
TTH Pl oner 
I 
44 9 98o 
H 
U H P io n erE I 
13 1o2 
>» 
13' , PitneyB 
68 14 2o27 
H 
WU Put Frg 
31 
Pittstn 
*+ 
TOH P ii/a H t 
’ n 
J 
PlanRsc 
1+4 
JU Playboy 
1* . 
BH 1*1 essay 
1 *n 
D U Pneumn iH 
31'+ f*olaroid 
I 
A 
Pondrosa 
36 
495 
„ . 
IU 
ISH PopeTal 
SO 16 
39 
K H 
IU 
WH Porter 
8o 
1ox3o7 
J U , 
IU 
K U PortGE I 64 
9 
978 
TOH 
» 
1o7 F*orG pf ll 
5o { 257o 116*, 
'U 
26*. PorG pl 2 6o 
14 
79H 
5 
32 
Pofltch 11x551 
34 U 
I l l * . Po tm El I % 
V 954 
IST, 
I 
33 
Pol t i pf I 44 
8 44 
I 
43 rmiEl pf4 5o . 
(45o 52 
” , 4o f*ot E I pf 4 o4 
( 45o 47 
IG 
SJH f*Otei pf 5 46 
( 311o 58'+ 
”, 
U H F*of El pts SO 
2o3 59H 
1o+4 f*remler 
48 8 
45 U H 
I' 4 
U H Premr pf 9o 
IO 
17 
IU 
I I H ProcfrQ 2 6o IS 1634 
85’+ 
"4 
SH Prod R ib 
48 
8 x64 
I D , 
I', 
27 
Prefer 
I 4o 
7 
85 2VH 
H 
U U PSvCol 
I 46 
9 
536 K U 
8o 
PSCof pf I IS . /ITO 
IT H 
-H 
24+. PSCol pf? W l l 25'+ 
’ n 
7JH PSvc In 
197 IO 1J85 
JO 
G 
17 
PS Intl pf) OI IMO 
U H 
U 
IO PS Ind pfT IS ,»+nn 
<»•- 
Io3H PSlnd l*f9+4 
IooH PSlnd pts 52 
•4 
K H PSvNM 
I 88 
8 
' / 
25' , PSNM p U 75 
H 
WH PSvNM I 56 
IO 
’ c 
WH PSy EG 
I IO 
8 
H 
U U PSEG pf! 4o 
M U p f EG pf 4 o8 u 
4o 
P l e a pf4 i i 
( 
41 
PoEG pf4 IO 
H 
52 
PVEG PIS 28 
I 
’ n l* 'n PSEC pf2 W 
*4 
AA 
PSEC pf6 HO 
U 
25 
P f EG p f, 43 
IID , PSE p f I? 25 
I 
H 
TS 
PSEC p f/ 7o 
I I 
Ti p f i G pf 7 8o .. 
76', P f EG pts oo 
71' , P5EG p f / 52 i u a#* . PSEG pf / 4o 
9 4 ', PSEG p f* 62 
H 
4 
Pubic her 
'+ 
2 ', Pueblo 
1, 
TH PH Cern 
H 
TSH PugSPL 2 6o 
IO 
'n 
TTH Poll mn 
I 32 
I* 
' 4 
14'+ Pure. 
I o8 IO 
' / 
IV 
P ut ex p fl 3$ 
H 
2 ', Pur I In Fa 
4 
1 7 
D U Purolfr 
I |J 
9 
U 
M U OuekOaf 
92 IO 
56', Quag pf 
3 
HD 
QueO p f* 56 
'■« 
15 QuekSfO 
78 
Mi 
4 
5 '* 
Questor OSr IO 
17+* Quest! pJA I 
'+ 
18+. 
SCA 
I 
I) 1 
38'+ RC Ap* 
3 5o 
H 
52 
RCA pf 
4 
. 
4H RTE 
28 ll 
H 
ISH RelsPur 
4o IJi 
U 
JU 
Remade o3e 
. 
7 Rencoln 
64 
I 
*+ 
3 Rep* -1 Am 
. 
24'+ 
RapA pf 3 . 
1 
26H 
Reybvt I 5ob 6 
4 
ISH Raymnd 
I TD 
Ti 
’ n 
44G Reythn 
12o 1o 
ISH Reed Bef 
8o 
5 
G 
TU Redman 
4o a 
9 U ReeceCp 
74 IO 
4 
K H ReevesB I 44 5 
’» 
U H Reichch 
Ti 
I 
I 
ReliebSl 
68 
6 
K 
Bel In El MO IO 
S IU Reitol pf 
J 
G 
6 
Re! ii 1 Dp 
4o 
4 
U Ret Op pf 55k 
. 
• U RelGp pf 65k 
• 
25U Relln pf? oo 
U iv 4 RepubCp 
* 
>. 
IO 
R epFinf 8o 
6 
H 
I RepM tg 
I 
G 
27H Rep VII 
I 6o 
* 
TTH RepTe, I JO 

I* . 

DO' 4 DD , ♦ 

U T ', DO 
I * 
V H I 7++ 
*4 
- I 
M t 
' , 

TH R ev .O il 
2o IS JU * evcoDS 24 16 1o32 
JOH 

27*+ 

W H R e____ 
TH Revere 
36H Revlon 
... 
1+* Mexhem 
4o t 
MO 
ID. 
JOU Rem.rd 
I 44 
7* 325 i i i 
IT H Rexu pf 2 36 
5 
54 
55 
Reyn In 
3 28 
* 168* 
44« 
61 
Rey In p tj 26 
5 
74' 
22'+ ReyMef I Iv 
9 1481 
K* 
S6U ReyM pf4 VO 
SI 
86 
Jiv. ReyM pf? J/ 
I 
41' 
OU MeynSe 
4o.i 
6,141 
DV 
♦ H Rich Cb 
I 9 
147 ISI 
21'• 
RiChMer 
7o IQ«?/J 
25’ 
WU 
RichmncJ 
I IO .HTS JI 
U H RieuelT I JO 
5 
1o9 
2o' 
IS 
R -OOT en 
TO 
* 
5o4 
25 
9U RioQr pf 8o 
756 
14> 
U U RiteAid 
24 IO 
344 
IS' 
IIH Ropviw I W 
I 
148 lf 
21 
Rubrt+n I 5o 
6 
6o 
25 fv . Robins 
28e 
IO D4o 
1)1 
IV , Hoc no I Jib 
I 
148 
K ' 
IOT 
RochG pf 11 
,5o2o 111' 
U H 
Ruc h Ti ake I 
JIT K* 
* H 
Roc hexer I i 6 
VT D I 
'23*+ Rock wet 
2 9 
897 32' 
ST 
Rktnt pf4 75 ll l l 
41*+ RohruM 
I 2o 
.IV * 
42' 
4 
Rohr Ind 
JO 
Rollins 
16 U 
)%+ Ronson 
K U Roper 
I 4o 
I 
It 
R arer A 
*4 1o 
M U Raker to 
4ob ll 
U U Rowan i t 
U U Roy COH 
8o 
* 
41+. RoyiD 
3 26e 6 
21+4 RueRrm 
4o ll 
99+ R ukkTgg t i 
I 
* 
R yder 5 
We 
I 

SCA tee 
IS 
572 
K M C p to 
4 
4o4 lOftCdn 
5o 
I 
69 
S abine 
4 
417 salaam ow- i i 334 
►way 2 2o IO 
TTI 
3* 
7.263 
" ll UTI 
* 

16o1 U H I T V , I U , > 
/JIO "*+» IU l | | 
* i i 

SH 
IU 
SH v. 
IIH 
2 o , ai 
- 
H 
4‘, 
23 
4 
I I H 
BH - 
J}'» 
H 
K H 
K U 
IT H 
25H 
IIM 
IS 
4 
1*1 
W H 
U H or 
— lf 
W H 
W H 
U 
SSM 
MV, 
54H 
C h f i n 
22+. 
IU 
I I H 
D U 
D U — 
H 
IIH u 
I IH - 
H 

I U 
I H 
IU - 
'+ 
J IH 
IT H 
F1H 
V# u , 
14 
U H — 
W H 
U M 
U M 
I* * 
6 , 
SH T h - 
4o+, 
46 4* 
4 f ', i l+* 
I m 
U U 
U H u 
W H 
R ' l i t 
~ 
H 
U H 
UH i i * . 
4 )H F 
14 
4 4 ', 
42 r 
IH 
I) 
J4H 
M '+ 
IU 
TU i k 
TA'. 

o H - 
'# 
K U 
1* 
K 
U G 
U 
* H 
o 
IG F 
TU 
UU 
I I H 
I I H — 
H 

 i u a l lu u r d u n I ’ j k c HU 

C o m p l e t e n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i c e s 
American stock 

E x c l u s i v e i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

A 
B 
C 

_ N E W Y O R K ( A P I 
T ra d in g fo r th e w eek in A m e ric a n 
Stock 
E x ch a n g e issu es: 
Y eo rty 
Sola# 
N e t 
H ig h lo w 
(hds.) H ig h la w 
Lost C h g . 
8 ’ ? 
4 
A 
E P I s 
4 
88 
6 
S H 
6 
+ rn 
14' , 
7 
A A R C p 
36 
8 
6o n m 
9*, 
11'/% + im 
B U 
4 H 
A A V C os 
32 
4 
35 
5*4 
5 
5*4 . 
9’ % 
A’ s A P S In c 
25 
8 
14 
9 
8*, 
8*5— 
Vt 
12+4 
8*# A S P R O 
.66 
6 
31 
I I H n m 
11 H — 
I 
H im 
H A T I Inc 
24 im 
I 
16 +4 
8 
A V C C p 
X 
3 
66 
W H 
9’ , 
V t — rn 
13+, 
4 H A V X C p 
2Se 
8 
74 
12 n m li m ­ 
Vt 
8 H s m 
A b rd M t 
X b 
13 
45 
6’ b 
6m i t s 
J 
I 
A c m e H m 
56 im 
V s im 
2 H 
I H 
A c m e P r 
5 
39 
2*4 
2*4 
2*4 
9+8 
4 H 
A ctton 
28 
6x169 
9*8 
8*8 
8'% I 
Vt 
4+4 im 
A cto n C p 
14 
51 
4 *, 
4*4 
4 H 
5*% j 
A d a m Rs 
7 
32 
4 H 
4'% 
4*4 
IA H 
» rn A do beO il .16 24 
387 
16' , 
15'» 
I S H ­ im 
J i 
A e g lsC p 
9 
3o8 
I H 
I H 
I H io m 
4 H 
A e ro F lo 
15c 
6 
74 io m 
9' ? lO '/i + i 
3+, 
V , A e r on ce 
96 im 
1+4 
1*4 
4 + , im 
A H ilC a p 1oc 
5 
8o 
4*, 
4+4 
4V,+ 
Vt vm 
4"e A f til HSP 
.24 
6 *28 
9*4 vm 
9m - rn n m 
6*4 A ftiiP u b 
.56 
7 
8 
U U lorn i i rn + 
' s 
A H 
3 H 
A fte rS ix 
2o 
6 
X 
6+> 
6+4 
6*, F rn 
1 6H 
6*4 
A la n W dS 
15 
7 H 
7+8 
7 m — 
*4 
6*4 
4 H 
A la s k A ir 
J 
96 
4 +8 
4*4 
4*4 - 
*4 
3"* 
V , A lb a W a ,o5c 
13 
2o 
2+8 
J 
2 
9*4 
5*4 A l c o lac 
32e 
6 
84 
5*4 
S H 
5 rn .. 
IO 
4>% A lle g C p wt 
42 
IO 
9*4 
9*4 rn 
7 rn 
4 H A lte g A ir 
8 
214 
5*4 
5+, s m — 
Vt 
3 m 
I H A lle g A w t o 
IO 
2*4 
2*4 
I 
2*4 
I 
V t 
*b A l leg A w tN 
9 
I 
2 8 ', 
8*% 
2o+4 
5 
A lle q A p fC 3 
A llia n t 
36e 
5 
4 
6 
78 
5*4 
27*4 
5 H 
27*4 — 
S H — 
*4 rn 
J rn A lld A rt 
M IO im 
I H im — 
H 
17*4 
13H 
A lld T h r 
.88 
6 
2o 
14*4 
14 u 
3*» 
I 
3*4 
A lp h a Ind 
A lta m il 
1oc 
7 
53 
2 ’ b 
V t 
V t — 
H 
7 rn 
5 
IV 
6*4 
6V> s w 
­ 
Va 
J l l 16 A lte c C p 
184 im 
I im . 
15 16 3 16 A lt e c C p w t 
13 5 16 
*4 
\/t_ rn 
7 m 
4 
A lte c C rp pf 
4 
6m 
5 rn s m — rn 
15'/% 
B H A lte rF d s 
X 
12 
54 
U H 
13*4 
13*4 — rn i 
49 
O ’ , 
A lco a pf3 75 
,15o 
48’ , 
48 
48+ , 4 
U H 
7 rn A M A X wt 
63 
9 ’ ? 
8*4 
I U — 
H 
4+* im 
A m A g ro 
A m B fltrt 
X 
44 
2’/s am 
2 H - 
Vt 
8*4 
6 
6 
IS 
8' , 
7 m 
8'/,+ 
H 
7o+, 
15*4 A m B rd w t 
329 
19H 
ITV, 
1 7 H - 
I ’m 
1oH 
Am A m B u s P .28 
9 
51 
7m 
7 
7m . 
'% I 16 A C e n M t g w t 
14 rn 3 32 rn 
7 'it 
5 
A C o n trl 
44a 
8 
J 
6 m 
6*4 
1+, 
6 ’m 
4 H 
I 
A m F le tc h 
23 
1*4 
1 * , - 
*8 
11*4 
5Vt A G a r P d 
.34 
14o 
9 H 
8+, 
9 
4 
*4 
6'% 
3 H A ln t P ic t 
4 
JI 
4 rn 
4*4 
4 H 4 
*4 
4*4 
2 
A Israe l 
H r 
7 
39 
2*4 
2*, 
2*4 t 
*4 
IA H 
V t 
A M a iie A . X 
5 
96 
9*4 
9 
9*4 — 
H 
IS H 
7m A M a iie B 4o 
4 
14 
9 ', 
9 v m rn 
52 rn 
36 
A m M f 
J BOC 
5 
6 
5o*i 
49+i 
49*4— 
*4 
A*, 
3 H A M o tln n s 
IS 
13o 
5*4 
4 H 
5 
4 
** 
37 rn 
28' # A m P e t! 2 2o 
9 
IOO 
37 H 
36’ i 
36*4 - 
H 
9 
4*4 A P re c s 
28a 
6 
27 
8*4 
8 
8*44 
•rn 
7 H 
3 H A S a fE q 
4 
237 
5+# 
4*» 
5 
4 rn 
15*4 
7 H A m S c lE .o4c 21 
289 
17 l l 
11*4 4 
Vt 
5*4 
2 H 
A m Tee 
15c 39 
221 
5*4 
4*4 
5*, 4 rn 
I J H 
B 's A m U tlS 82e 
14 
12 
11*4 
I I H — 
*4 
5 ', 
J 
A n d re R l l 
15 
2 ’ b 
2 H 
7*4 - 
' # 
3 
J 
A n g lo C 
,13e 
8 
582 
3 
2 H 
3 
4 
H 
7*4 
3*, An ken 
TO 
7 
52 
7 H 
7 H 
T H - 
U 
V 
4 H A n th o n y 
19t 
4 
1o5 
6 H 
5 rn 
5 rn 
H 
A H 
1", A pptd D ta 
A p ld D c v 
9 
1o5 
6 H 
6 
6 
— 
'% 
6*4 i rn 
IV 
474 sm 
5 
5*4 
74' ? u 
A q u itC a 
.3o l l 
84 
16H 
16 
16' , 4 
H 
7 rn 
3m A r liC L 
1oc l l 
229 
4*4 
4'/, 
4'm~ 
7 
4 H 
A r iC o l pf ta 
IO 
6'% 
6 
6'm— 
'rn 
18’ , 
S H A rm in C p 
12 
3 
93 
6 H 
IV t 
6 H 
5 rn 
3 m 
A r r o w E 
23 
19o 
5 rn 
5+% 
S H — rn 
A H 
4 
A r u n d e l 
66 
6' 4 s m 
S H — rn 
16*4 
T H Avern cr a 25 l l 
1o4o 
12*4 
11*4 
12 
— 
H 
U H 
S H 
A sh I O C 
2oa 
9 
68 
I I H lorn i io m — 
I 
.. 
*% 
3 H rn A sk) n Svc 
6 
I 
5'% 
2+% A s trc x 
We 
♦ 
115 s m 
5 
5 
6*4 im 
A ta la n ta 
7oe 
2 
28 
5 
4*4 
4*4 
Vt 
V , 
H A fr o 
Ind 
51 im i5 16 im 4 
'it im 
'it 
A t ice M fg w t 
A tla s C M 
o8e 
16 rn 
H rn 4 3 16 
4m 
3 
8 
4S7 
4'/% a m 
3’m - 
+% 
I I H 
6+7 A tla s C p wt 
1o2 n m 
IO 
1o 
— le u 
U H A u g a t 
X 
14 
31 
U H 
14 
14 
— 
+4 
18 1 4 n m 
A u s t r a lO 21 
722 
18*4 
16+% 
U H 
I H u rn 
S H A u to T rn 
7ot 
34 
6 rn 
6*i 
6 m — 
H 
5 +4 
7+4 A u tm B ld 
6 
43 
S H 
4 rn 
4 rn — 
H 
9’% 
7 H A u tm R a d 
3 
172 
4 ', 
4 m 
4*4 — 
*4 
44 rn 
36H 
A u to S w 
88 
13 
J 
X H 
43*4 
4 3 H -- r n 
4 H 
J 
A V E M C 
JO 
6 
67 
4 H 
4*4 
4*4— rn 
28’ # 
17+, A v o n d a l I 2o 
IO 
44 
28’, 
27*4 
28+4 
H 
8+4 
I H 
3 H 
9 16 
A y d in C p 
B R T 
3oe 
IO 
67 
34 
8*4 
8 m i3 16 
8 
— rn 4 rn 
16 
3 16 I 37 B R T w t 
27 I 32 I 37 
I 32 
J U 
I " , 
B T U 
E n g 
8 
2 H 
2*4 
2+4 rn 
IO' 8 
6 
B a d g rM t 
X 
7 
22 
9 H 
8' ? 
9 
— rn rn 
6 ' n 
4 
B a k e rM lOe 
8 
36 
5*4 
$'■% sm 
13 
9+» B a ld o r E l 
24 
7 
34 
I I H n m n m - 
Vt 
7U 
18' 4 
5 
B a ld w S 
32a x JO 
6*4 
6 H 
6 H 4 
+% n m 
B a n F d 
I ISe 
X l l 7 
17 
16H n m 4 rn 

Y e a rly 
Sale* 
High tow 
(h d t) High 
'a 
Bang Pu n w t 75 IV* 
AV* 
B a n is te r 4oc 
6 1588 13'/? 
3’% 
B an n e r o8 
A 
31 
$3* 
IV? 
B a rc la y o4 
78 
51 
2 
2V» 
B a rc o C a 
12 
8x396 
5’ n 
I ’/* 
B a rn e s E 
71 
3 H 
6 H 
B a m w l 15c 
32 
171 IO 
C/4 
B a rry R o9e 
6 *29 
5 'e 

1*4 
U H 
6’ R 
3 
5 '. 
S’/4 
IO 
9V4 
113% 
4*4 
3 ’ a 
3"» 
3 'n 
6+4 
2V% 

Not to w 
L ott C h g . 
IV . 
VM . 
12V* 
1 3 - t , 
5*1)-I- 
V i m ....... 
4'%-- 
V 
3*4........ 
9'/4— 
* 
5 

S H 
I*# 
4H 
3’4l 
9>/4 
5 
5 H B a rry W r 
44 
8 
1o8 l i m 
W H 
I im * 
3/4 
24 
9 
4o6 
26 

6v4 
6 '4 
4 'n 
3'4 
I t 14 
9 '4 a 
17*4 

3’/J 
I"* 
3 V* 
2 
6 V4 
I S 
6 5 16 
59 
3 ", 
12 
23/4 
84 
63/4 
15 is m 
53 
3 
21 
S S 

2'/? B a rth Sp 
2o im B a r t o n s 
1'/4 B a r u c h F 
1 
Barw ick 
2 
B e h in d 
8oa 
6 1493 
I v , B e ls c tR 
o61 
6 
I 
"a 
' n B e n St M g w t 
6 
2 m B e n ru s 
5 
6 
2' b B e rg 
E o f 
29 
17'n 
4m B e rg e n B 
19 
29'/* 
12 
B rg B p« 1 
15 
I ' n B e rn IO 
4 
B e rte a 
14 
9 
3 
B e rv e n c .o6 
78 
2'/* Beth C d 
IOC 
I ’ n B e v e rly E 
9>/4 S ic Pe n 
48 
4 ’n Big D ad 
434 B ig V Sup 
26 l l 
B in k M f la 
18Vt 
U V 4 B ln n yS rri 
8o 
7 
4v? B lessng 
.3o 
8V, B lount 
3o 
4 '4 
B o d ln A p 4o 
22 
6' ? 
B olt B er 
2o 
17 x5 
15 
B o w V a ll IO 129 
61 
23V* 
9+, 
Bow ne 
3ob 6 
13 
IIV4 
6m 
B ra d fd N 2o l l 
44o 

3 S im 
2 m 
1 rn 
5'/4 im 
Vt 
3 1/4 
2m 
6m 
1434 
143/4- 
2m 
3 

3'/4— 
Vt i ’m 
2 rn + 
1*4- 
5 r n + im — 
Vt 
3 m - 
2m - 
6m 

1IV4 
V t 
1o m 
59’ 4 
15 m 
14m 
5m 
13 m 
14' * 
24 rn 
7V, is m 
4V» n m 
4 m 
15 is m 
5 ’/4 
5 ", 
14 
5 
53/4 is m 
1? 
12 rn 
38 
2' n 
9 'n 
9 rn 

4m 
9 'n 
17' 1 
14' 4 
1o 
6m 

58 
IO 
175 

33* 
3 m 
?m 
138 
1234 
22 
4m 
15 
734 
5 
I6V4 
46 
16 
52 
7 
3o l o r n 
23 
5’/4 
I Vt 

5m 
3 S 
3m 
234 

5 m f rn 
3 m — rn 
334....... 
23/4 
1114 
12m 
4 '? 
4 V t— 1/4 
7**- 
7 rn u rn 
16’ o + 
IS VO 
153/4 f 
6m 
6+4 r rn 
9 m w h y rn 
5 
.......... 
7 
- 
V* 
22 
— IV 4 rn 

2’4 B ra n ch 
2o 5 
31 
V '7 B ra n lfA r w t 
21 
9 '» B ra s ta n A 
I 
3 
15 
B re u n E n 
I 
6 iV t B re e ie C p 
9 'n B re w e r C 
2m B ro D a rt 
1oe 
6 
8 V4 B ro o k s P 
4o 
7 
2’/4 B ro w n C o wt 
11' 4 B rn F A 
.6o IO 
1om B r n F B 
6o IO 115 14*# 
4' i B rw n F pf 4o 
7 
5'/* 
2 
B u e h le r 
8 
6m B u c llln d 
4ob 5 
3 
B u lld e x 
5 
2'# 
B u r g e s s 
8 
IIV4 B u rin q 
82e 
6 _ 
8 ’4 B u rn s in 
6o 
8 1 73 
IO 
834 B u tle r In 
5o 
5 63 ll" * 
8 'n C K P e t 
2oe 
25 2332 38 
I 
C D I Cp 
3o 
2m 
6 
C H B 
Food 
4 2o 
6m 
4’ n C H C C p 
16r 
IO 456 
9'/* 
I 16 C I M ig w t A 
IS 5 32 
2 m 
C M I C p 
6 237 
3>/4 
6 
C R S D e s 
15 
4 48 
7m 
Am 
C S E C p 
64 
5 x21 
1 2 't 
6 ' b C W T ra n 
5o 8 
SI 
14'4 

5 
7 
22 tom n m + 
8"* 
9 '4 F 

972 
12 
23 
23' j a 
4m 
69 
9 m 
1o 
3m 
45 
12'J 
22 
2'4 
9 
14’/j 

84 
5 '4 
19 
14 
15 
334 
59 
3 
65 
IS 

4m 
734 
434 
7 rn iv /* n m - 
22'/* 
2234 

34 

4m 
9 m 
3'4 

 t m 
9 m — 
'n 
3 m f rn n m 
12'/* + im 
2'4 
2'/*.. 
14'/* 
14'/? + 
13m 
14'/* 
5 
- 
5 
4m 
434 

6 '4 
6m 
Mi 
3 
6 m 

4'4 C a b lco m 
3 
C a g le A 
IS 4 
U MI l l ’/4 
C o ld e r 
9 
6 U 
3m C a lc o m p 
4'4 
2' j C a lc ite 
6 
18 
IO'4 C a lP r tC 
I IO 
8 '4 
5 
C a m e o 
413 16211 16Ca C h b A 
6 'n 
2m C d n E x p o5e l l 
46 
8 411 16 C d n H o m O 
19 
393 

237 
9*4 
13 
3m 
92 
12"* 
119 
4+* 
29 
4'4 
29 
IS 
17o 
7m 
5935 16 
6'4 

 io n 
5 ’ * C d n H y d r 
25 
7 
6 em 
18' a 
14 
C d ln p A 1 5o 
7 
88 
18+» 
6 
3>4 
C d n M a rc 2o 
9 3339 16 
14 
5 '4 
C d n M e r r 14 
193 
14 
17'4 
9"* 
C d n O ccl 
5o 
7 13 
16’4 
48'4 
36 
C d n S u p O 
IO 
23 
4 im 
3'4 
34 C a p e tia n 
.. 
89 
I'm 
3 ’ n 
I'd C a p itIR s 
2 
3 
4 
7’ * C n p itlF d 
2o 
5 
77 
3 
49 4 
17'4 C a rb on 
8oa 
17 29o 49’4 em 
4m C a re ssa 
3o 
7 
7o3 
5+# 
8o' 4 
64 C a rn a l 14oa 
13 
285 
TOU 
15U l l ’,4 C a ro P lp l lh 
8 
3o 
U U 
61 
53 C a ro P L p f 5 
128o 61 
5’4 
2 
C a rro l Dv 
32 
5'/* 
22'4 
14 m C a s tle A M I 
18’n 
13'* C a s F d I 2oa 
2rn 
1'n C a stle tn 

 li m 
14 
3'/* 
3 V, 
2 m 
3 u r n is 
+ 
9 '/* 
9 7 4 1 
1om 
1o*4 f 
32*4 
37 
1 ?m i s am + rn 
6** i ' / * J 
1*4 rn — 1 3 2 
3m - rn 
7 
11s 
12 
+ 
12m 
14 
+ 1V4 
9 V4 
9 * 4 
3m 
3m + 
12'4 
17m + 
4 m a w — 
4 
4'4 * 
17V* 
17m V 
6 m 
7m + 
3’/»33 16 3 16 
Am 
Am 
7 m 
7 rn am s m 
17'a 
18m t 
3 m 
3 v * . . 
12*, 
14 
I 
I '4 is m rn' * + rn 
41m 
41 Vt- i'm ... 
3 
3 
- 
49 
+ 1 s m . . 
67’4- 

17 
16*4 
15 
18'/4 
8 
76 
2 
8+4 C a v i t r n 
12e 
13 
5o 2 
1 4 "* 
8 o 
2 h2o 
4o'* 
6 *4 
3m 

14 'n 
2+% 
'n C e ltu C tt 
8 
4 im 
34*4 C e n M pf 3 5o 
6*4 
4*4 Cent Sec 
5ob 
58 
3m 
2 C e n try ? 
14 
24 
18'4 
4 C e n v ill 
7oe 
74 
247 18 
2 3 '4 is m C e rM p»7 25 
8 
7 23*4 
7 ’ n 
I 'n C e rtifie d C p 
6 
1*4 im m C e rtro n 
56 
139 im 
7*4 
1*4 C e te cC p l l 
73 
2 
7'4 
3m C h ad M il I 
4oa 
8 x 4o 6'm 
. 6 m 
3 
C h a m p H o 
821 3V, 

 im 
3 
2*4 
48 
4m 
67 
13*4 
13*4- 
AO'4 
6 o'4 — sm j m — m m i6 m - 
18 is 
— i m 
2 
+ 
13m u rn f 
1 rn 
7 
39". 
4 o '* - 
6 im + 
3m 
3m f 
15*4 
17*4* 
77m 
22 S - im im 

Vt 

I 
I S s s 
3 m 

 im * 
7 
1 
- a m 

Y e o rly 
Sot** 
N e t 
H ig h 
L ew 
(h d t.) 
H ig h 
Lo w L o tt C h g. 
7 
3V* C h a r t M d 
6 71 
S'/* 
5 m 
5'm — '/, 
2m C hem E x p 
5 33 
3 S 
3'/, 
3'/*— in 
IS** C h lR iv I 6oa 
8 17 
25m 
24m 25 
— 
8 '4 C h ie fD e v 
14 674 
12*4 
U S 12*4+ lO m C h lld W r ld 
7 
42 
IO"* 
1o'4 
1om + 

4V * 
28'4 
17S 
18'4 
4' * 
6+, 
2*4 l l Vt 
9*4 n m 
7’ 4 
3'4 
12'* 
4 S u rn 
9 

2o 

1'4 C h rlsin a lOe 6 
222 
3 m C in e F iv e 
9 
3 
U n C in e ra m 
5 ’4 C ir r le k 
.6o 
9 
4rn C ita tio n 
4ob 
5 
7'4 C ity G s F I .68 
5 
3 '4 C la rm n t 
I S C la r k e lOe 
6*4 C la rk so n 
2o 
8 
3V» C la ro sta t 
7 
C la u sin g 
I 
4 m C lo p a y 
o9e 

S S 
3'4 
3*4— 
4 
3V* 
3 m ........... 
2 
I S 
2 
+ rn 
253 n m lo rn 
1os - rn 
9 a m 
7 S 
7 r n — rn 
23 
1os 1o 
1o 
— rn 
59 
AV, 
*'/, a v , 
. 
2 
2V, 2 V* 
2 W - rn 
4o 
12 i i n m 
— vt 
5 
4m 4 rn 
4 rn— rn 
28 u r n 
13m 
13*4 
26 
7*4 
7*4 
7V,+ 
1 9 m 
12*4 C oa ch m n 25 
A 1oo1 
17Vt 
15’4 
15*4-- tm 

47' a 
31*4 C o m ln co 
7 
13 
3'4 im C o m G rp 
14 em Com A ll , 3oa 
7 lo rn Com M U 
6ob 18 
3*4 C o m d rin t 
6 
A S C o P s y c 
2oa 
7 

4m 
7*4 

2 
+ rn. 
2 S — rn 
2 
15 16 C o h e n H a t 
7 
57 
2 im 
3*4 
2 C o h u ln c 
12t 22 
49 
3 
2S 
1 9 ', 
17m C o le m an 
68 8 
1o3 
16'/* 
I S S 
16 
— 
V i 
4'/* 
2' * Colon C m l 
29 
3’% C o lw e llC .32 
6 x25 
4 
7V, 
4 
— 
7 H + 
55 
36"* 
34' * 
34'/*-- J ’/* 

13** 
17 
7 n m 
2o 
7 
V '7 
7V. 

43 
2m 
AO 
IO 

56 

2 
?m 
44 n m n m s s 
5 rn 

2 — 
9 m n m . s m - 
217 n m 
1om 
1os 
+ 
W U C o m p s 
I 62 
8 x 38 
19V, 
I S S 
19H + 
2'■■* C o m p a r 
4 
C o m p o ln im C o m p o D 
8 
3 l l 16 C o m p ln s t 
3m 
*4 C o m p ln v 
J 
Am C onchm 
5o 
5 
4 m Cooeed F 
5 im C on d e r 
4 
3 m C o n n lly C 
8 
8 ", Con roek 
AO 
8 
2*4 C on roy 
. I2e _7I 

 n m iA rn 
12' 'j im 
1 7 m 
5 rn n m 
1om 
9m 
!'/ * ■ 
1*4 m Cont Tel w t 
25m 
14' / C o o k ln d 
.4o 15 
|15"n l im C o o k P V 4oa 7 
J 1 > 
Coop J a r . lOe TI 

5 
163 AV* 
6 
6*4* 
27 
38 7V* 
7 
7 
4 Vt 
8 
444 2 S 
2*4 
2 * 4 - Vt s i i v , i m i m 
— r n 
2 
7 i m i v , i m 
5 
38 IO 
9 S 
9 S s 
35 4 v* 
4m 
4*4— rn 
4 
ISA ii'/* 1os 
1os - v, 
9 
4 m 4v» 
4v«+ m 
7 
12 m 12 i 2 m + 
V t 
88 
4*4 
4 
4m 4 

7* 
4*4 
19 
16m 
12m 

6*4 Con S O G 
12 
796 
12m 
1o*4 
1o*4— 
„ 
7m C o n sR e f 
AO l l 
AA 
»’% 
8 m 8 S + 
*4 
T i C on syne 
12 
1o9 arn 
8 m 
8’/*+ 
Vt rn c o n t m u 
17 
84 im im im 
148 im im i m / . . . . 
79 iA** m m m m rn 
5 u r n u r n u s 
— rn 
. 
71 
7*4 
Am 
7m f rn 
2 U C o rd o n 
16 
188 
4'/» 
3 m 3m 
9 
C o re L a b 2oe IO x22 
18** 17*4 17’/% + 
Vs 

4' * 
I l l 16 

7 
15 
14V* 
15 
43 
12m u s u s — rn 
25 
27m 2 ;m 27'/,— rn 
12 
2** 2m 
2'/,+ m ie 
2*4 av, 
2'* — rn 
52 
’/, 7 16 7.16+ rn is rn v* v*— m 
18*4 
19 
+ 
Vt 
4 Vt 
4*4— 
1/4 i m i * 4 

 l l 
19 
4m r * 

IO*'? C ore n co 
8o 
A S C o rn e liu s 48 IO 
28m 
19U C o rr B lk 1.4o IO 
3 S im Cosco Inc ive C o ttC p 
83 
Vt C o ft C o rp w t m C o u sin s wt 
19m 
13 
Cox C C 
18 
6+8 
3*s C r a m r E 
13t 63 
2*4 im C re st Fo a m 
19'? 
12 
C rom p t 
5oe 6 
25 
17’ * 17*4 
17'/i + 
ATH 
3o 
C ro ss A T I 2o 12 
312 
36*4 36 
36 
— 
IO' 4 
A Sn C ro w lM 
5oa 4o 
I 7"* 
7*4 
7’4 + 
34'/* 
15’/, C w n C P t 
6or 
4 
' 
'* 
7m 
4 'n C r o w n e r 
5 l l 
4 
C ro w n In 
2o 
8 x6 
5*4 C r Ute R 
36 78 
327 14 
13 
13*4 
7 *n C rv s tlO 
4oe 
732 14m 
13V* 
1 3 * 4 - IV* 
6 'n C u bic C p 
28 7 
297 16 
15 
1 5*4- ’ n 
14*4 l l ’n C u rtic e B BO 
6 
Al 
U rn 14m 
14*4— W 
5*4 
I 1, C u rtls M 
15e 5 
37 
5'* 5 '4 
5m + v, 

D 
E 
K 

 rn D C L inc 
12 iss im iv , iv*— m 
7 'n D W G 
5ot 5x872 
A 
5m 
5*4+ ’4 
2*? D am o n e re 4 
2o 3m 
3m 
3 V t___ 
3 S D am son 
25 
464 9m 
8’4 
8*4— W 

A 
15'n is m 
16 

67 
32m 
3 im 
31*4- 
“ 
5 
4 rn 5 
+ 
4 S 
4 v , 
4 S + 

7 
A1 * 
5*4 
9' ? 
78 
14M. 
9’ n 
7 ', 
?m 
16 
14' , 
9 l o r n 
7m 
8' ? 
37'4 em 
2o 

12*4 
D an ie l 
18b 
9 
1o9 27m 25*4 25*4 
4m 
D a ta p d 
9 1315 12m n m 12m t 
5'/? D ayM lr) 2oe 18 
297 
9 
8*7 
Bm + 
4*4 
D e J u rA We 
. . 
3 
7m 
7m 
7*4 
I 
D e R o se 
8 im im im 
9m 
D e ll a b s 32b 
7 
2o 14*% 14 
U rn 
13' ? D e lM P r AO 7x1o5 
14m 
1 3", 
1 3 ', - 
5"» D e llw d F ,54 
13 x l9 
7m 
6** 
6V.+ 
7 
D e n T a lE l l 
762 1om ‘ 
.. 
1o1 
2rn 
IO 
362 
7S 
1o1325o 
36 
134 
4'* 

I 
O e s g n jw 
3m D e v c p A 
13'4 D evo n G p 
3'n D 'O icon 
U S DI H ard St 
4o 
A i m i l 16 D io d e s 
3'n im D is F a b 
IO 16 
18m 
I P , D lv e rs e y 
56 
9 
U S im D lx ily n 
4oe 6 
46 
32 
D o m e P t 
8 
26'n 
13'4 D o m ta r 
8o 19 
7*4 
St? D on ken y 
74 
4 
8 ’ # D ow ny 
7or 5 
16 
D re x U tf I 32 
6 U D rlv H a rr 
9 m D r g F a ir 
4ob 4 

+ rn 
+ rn 
/rn + vt 
32 
— 4*4 
4'n — m 

13'n 
18*4 in * 
14 

9 m lo i s 
2 
Am 
3o 
4 rn 
32 i s m 
U S U S - 
44 i m i m i m 
.............. 
6 
2m 
2'/* 
2'/, .. . . 
127 is m 
IT'/* 1 7* 4- rn 
495 u s n m n m 
+ rn 
3 8 m 
3 8 m — i m n m n m 
- i 
7 r m 
. 
. 
77 
1 7 S 
IT'/, 12'/*- m 
16 
18 
17'4 17*4 
8* 

367 
4o 
34 
14 
A 
7 

113 16 I 
D u n lo p 
o6e 
5 

A 
8 S 
47 l l 
7 8 o i m 

8 S + lorn lorn - im i 9 ie — 

C o m p t o t o n a t i o n w i d e o o m p o n l t o p r l r e t t 
New York stocks 

E x c l u s i v e 
I n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

Y e a rly 
H ig h 
Law 

C o n t i n u e d f r o m P a g e 7 H 

S 
- T 
- l ' 
S a la t 
H at 
(h d t ) H ig h lo w 
Lott C h g 

A 
I P 
IP 
IS ' 
I i ' 
74’ 
8 1 
IO’ 
6o' 

IA U 
7' 4 

7 3 * 
24'« 
IO*. 
23' ? 
.*.6 

78 
36 
A1* 
3 im 
9'4 
IA U 
IS t v u 
IO a 
36'« 
23'* 
A's 
19' 4 n m 
2o'4 
13*. 
RO 
35' , 
IS*. 
73 rn 
JO' I 

27' ( 
IR 
43'. 
8?' 

14 
6 * 
IO'* 
IO 4 
19*. 
37 
19' 4 
15-4 

S' 
18 
13'* 
14' 
I ll* 
29' 

173 
62 

87 
15 
41 
513 
9 
356 
249 
I U 1884 
AR 
9 3275 
BO 19 4222 
SO 
5 
116 
36 22 
132 
I 2o 
9x1o16 
84 
8x323 
WTT 
1o1 
8x756 x i i 
9o 
62 
675 
718 
286 
377 
16 
71 
1537 

3om S F e ln d 
7 
8 2o68 
H U S F e ln d pf MI 
47 
2o’n S a n F e in t 
3o IO 1979 
9 m S a rg tw e t 
5o 
8 
59 
S a u lR E 
Sa v A S ip 
24 
S a v O n O r 
2o 
8 
Saw E IP 
65e 6 
S a v n E A I 34 
Sav E l p l l 28 
Say B M 
. 1oe 12 
Sa x o n 
9 
S ch ae fer 
— . S cherg Pl 
UM ) ‘>chi it* Br 
56'4 S ch lu m b n m s c o A in 
S< o n ad 
Scot Pe t 
_ coft Fo r 
S c o ttP a p 
76 
9 
S cottys 
IO IO 
S c o v ill 
I 2o 
. 
. S covll pf 2 5o 
4*4 S t u d d e r 
U 
7*4 Seudd p l 83e 
18’ * SeaC dn t 
25 
TO1* Sea h C L 
2 
I 
S ca b W A 
22t 
19'* S e a g ra m ho 
4 ’ n S e a g rv 
16e 
I S S S e a lP w 
8o 
IO ’ 4 Sear le o 
52 
_ ___ 
A P * Sears 
I 8oa 16 7573 
2*% S e a tra in 
13 TOTO 
27 
Sedco I ne 
X 
13' * S u lg L t i I 2ob 
3 ’ » S v c C p ln t 
TO ll * , S e rv m t 
9o 
S '* Sh ak so re 4o 
11*4 Shape') 
IO 
4"» Shear M 
22e 
47m S h e ilO 'l 3 » 
27' * Shell T 
I Ole 
IO '4 S h e ik GI 
6o.) 
IR *4 Shi IGI p l I 35 
VS’ * SW IG ' pf I 4o 
39 >4 SheltG I p l 3 
3 3 '4 S h e rw W 7 » 
58' * Shr W p l 4 4o 
9 ’ * S ie rrP a c 
1 
_ 
_ 
15'* S ig n al 
I IO 13 1731 
IS 
S ig n a l pf 
I 
9 
34 
S ig n a l pf7 2o 
21 
32 
S ig n cd e I X 12 
5 
Sun P ro c la 
8 
17m S u m o 
I 12 
13 
__ ll* * S 'm p P a t 
5o 13 2o19 
8*« Sing er lOe 
6 
962 
24' 1 Srngr pf 3 5o 
19 m S kagg s 
7 * . S k iT C p 
IS’ * S k y lin e 
8 ’ n Smi»h2kO 
28' * S m ifh in t 
58’ / S m ith k ln 
13 
S m ith T r 
IS** S m u c ke r 
IO'* S o la B a s 
2 H Sonesta 
18 
A l 
7 *« Sony C p 
o2* IV 7o66 
27*» Sao(.in 
Se 
6 
54 
15 m S C a r E G I 56 IO 
338 
76 
SC E G pf 7 X . 
I 
U U So Je t In I 56 
• 
78 
9 'n Soutdw n 
AO 
6*294 
21 hi sow n pf I IO 
17 
V U S oastB * 4ob IO 
272 
5 
Soast P S I 37t 8 
48 
18 U S o C a iE 
1 68 
6 2741 
U U S outhCo I 46 IO 4185 
31 4 S o ln G E 2 64 
8 
82 
46 U SON H as I 85 
37’ # SONE Tat 
3 
43'4 SONE pf J 87 
3o 
S ou Pac 
2 24 
SOU SOUR# 
2 32 

558 
95 
1o7 
IVO 
162 
762 
84 
799 
IS 
567 
4o 
8 
I 
12x266 y4oo 
8 
2o4 

X IO 
IO 
32 X 
8o 
5 
52 
IO 
2 15 
AO 
6 
9o 
6 
AO 
8 

H I 
92 
154 

37". 
IO '. 
52' , 
14 
4>* 
3m 
7m io u is m 
13m 
23U 
4 rn 
6 
41 
U 1 » 
63m 
13'* 
*' , 
X 
2 Jm iv em 
2 2 ', 
54 
7m 
V U 
2 7'* 
3 4 '. 
3m 
24 
8*4 u rn 
12m 
64'* 
IO'* 
35 
17'* 
5m u r n i i ism im 
8o 
35 m u rn 
22m u rn 
49 
3 im 
66 
13*4 
28% 
76m 
62 m 
38 
6 ’% is m u r n 
21m 

45' 
/ 
1o2 

34'* 
49 
51 x m 
3 ? « 
53 u r n 
24' t r n 
I ' * i f 1 

S tanW I 17a 
S ta n ra y 
8o 
S ta rrrft I U 
S U M Se I o5 
StaufC h I 44 
M a rc h 1 
48 
Star th u g 
TO 
4'* S 'e r lP re 
Q3e 
S H S tarnd nt 
4o 
17*. M a ve n J I X 
73*4 S ta w W a I 96 n m St ok v c 
1o*4 Siofcyv pf 1 
48' 4 StonaW 
2 X 
12 
S 'on Con 
_ lim Stopfhop 
I 
9 
Star Toe 
67t 
71 *» S tarer B 
I 
Wm M r.O R ita VT 
M u Sh? Woe 
I m 
W i M W pf A l X 
64 
M g * * p ig s im S u a v MW cute 
14m S ubP r G I OB l l 1* S u n C h m 
4o 

 j t m pf 2 » 
X m Sun On 
I OR 
'7 
S u n .it'r 
* l l I. 

37*4 
1o 
47*4 u r n 
3’n 
3 rn 
7 tom 
15 i s m 
2im 
4 sm 
39*4 u r n svm 
13 
6 '* 
76*4 
27' , u r n im 
21 rn 
52’ % 
7m 
9 
24*% 
33’ * 
3 
23m am ism nm 
62 
I U 
33m 
17*4 sm 
16 
IO’ * n m l h 
77m sam 
12m x m 
18 
49 
37m 
65 
13m 
26m 
25*, 
59*, 
37m am u r n 
13m x m 
44m u r n 
1 2 m 
13m 
15 m 
37 m 
73m 
11*% 
17 
13’ t iim 
31m 
I I H 
31*% lim u rn 
26m t i am 
22m u r n svm 
33 m 
39*% n m 
34*% sam 

 sam 
36 
Jim 
4o 
21 rn im wm u 
12m lim 
11 
38 
38*4 
Tim 
24 
29'* nm 
24% 
?T*» 
St 
37 
39*% 
34'* 
77m 
58"* 
7*4 im u r n wm ii*, 
T im 
12m 
45m im u r n sm 
1om u rn ism lim 
IT 
S im n m nm n u r n 
13' * 
42m 
4| 
99*% 
4m 

37m - 
1om 
4 8 m - 
13 m 
4 
— 
3 m 
7 
IO' ir­ is'* t n m 
22 
4'n 
5 Mi 
4o'*— ism 
6o — 
1 3 m - 
6m 
77m * 
22m + 
18*,+ iv*— 
22m + 
54 
+ 
7 m - 
9>% + 
2 5 '* - 
33** 
3*4 
23m ♦ sm i6 m * n m 
63'* 4 
1o 
+ 
35 
+ 
17m 
S' > 
16'4 - io m + u rn - l h . 
78 
— 
35 
- 
14 
4 
22*4 4 n m 
49 
— 
I rm ­ as 
+ l s m - 
27 m 4 
26m 4 
62' , 4 
X 
6*44 nm 
13**4 
2 o '* - 
44m tam 
12m - is m u 
38'* + 
74’* - l i m — 
17** lim— 
J 
- 
9 n m 
11m - 
31m - 
18** urn + 
26m 
11 
— im - 
22*4 - n m 
*o 
— 
54'* 
39?-, 
4 9 '* - 
34** - 
5 6 '* am 
S9*»- 
36 
_ 
T im io m 
22 m 4 im + x v - 
14 
— 
12m i2 m + t i m - ii w m + 
13 
- 
24 / w m + i v * — 
24' * + 
T I V 
Ii > 
» m - 
39*% 
5 4'y— 
84'n + sam 
;m + 
7 
., 
17 
W '* ~ 
1 8 * * - 
23 V i>m+ 
46m - 
I V - 
U V — 
5 V — 
1 o V - 
1 8 V - 
16 
- 
21** + 
»fm + n m * l i m is m nm- 
24 
— li m i i 
— 
48 
— w m 4 s w ­ 

 im 

 rn 

IV , 

 im 

 im 

Tm rn 
7'* 

 tu n a s p f ! SO 
S m .tM y 
H r 
Sugar vat 66 
M x r O 'l I to 
S u g m k G 
» 
1 
1 

Y a a rly 
H ig h la w 
7m 
IV 7 
77 u 
43m u r n 
7 rn 
T IU n u 
39 

BB 
7 V j 
33’ * 
8 
11 urn xm 
4 7U 
71 U 
17’ , 
4 V * 
7 m 
IV a 
ARU 
1o rn 
RO’ 4 
US tim 
4Mi 
37'% nam nm 
31*. x 
43' 1 
41 U 
X U 
31 u 
49 
16 
I7VU n m 
33 
3o’ . 
77m 
37m 
S3’ * vm 
31m 
37m 
Jim 
71m 
41 urn 
IR' > vm iv rn i v , iv u 
73 u svm u rn 
1 u 
26' * 
26 n m im u rn 
17*4 
39' • ism ivm ism i i i lam 
*9 rn 
11m 
1o7 
94 a m 
12 
76' 4 
36 * 
44m 
7 7H 
32U 
7'» l f ’ i u r n 
24 m 
37 ism is 
24' , 
24 rn a m 
2 9 ', 
» m 
31m is m sm u r n 

» m n m 
IT 
5o' 4 
11m a /m 
76 u vm tom 

4 
S u tro M tg 
IO U Sw ank la 
16*4 S y b ro n 
R4 
33' i Sybrn pt2 X l l ' ? Sycor 
“ik o n cor 
I IO 
6 
76 

4*4 SyS 
17’ # T ic 

7 
111 
8x456 
6 
A 
SXS 
78 
7x811 

 l l is m 
4o'n urn 
6 
_ . 
2 im 
. T R E C p 
U 
784 
9"» 
4 T R W In I 4o 1ox1586 37+4 
63 U T R W p f 4 4o x2 7 J 
RI 
58 
T R W p f 4 5o x 484 
78 U 
73 m T a f t B r d 8o1ox357 
33’n im T a ic o n iv 
5 rn 
A U T a lle y 
6o 
5 
2.19 
*m 
R’ » T a lle y pf 
I 
69 
12m 
15m T a m p E l I IT IO 
471 
18". 
26rn T a n d y 
9 1185 X l l ' * T a n d y c ft 
6 
331 
17’ % 
S'# T a ppa n 
X IO 
719 l l 1* 
18 
T e ch n .cr 
X 
9x773 
38+4 
44# T e c h n k lr 
77 
679 
7*. 
9 
T e c h n ic n 
IT 
315 l i m 
T e k tro n x 
X 16 
213 
58m 
T H ee or 
X 
7 
532 
IO'* 
Teiedn I 45t 
5 1o71 
63m 
T e ie d y n p l 6 
8 
98'» 
T e ip rm t 
1o36 
8'% 
T e le x 
13 
337 im 

Sola* 
N a ! ih d t ) H ig h la w ta* ! C h g 
33 ii9 
Am am a u r n 
17 
39 

5m 
22'* 
67 
S U im 
76 
97' , l l ’ 

T e n n c o l RS 8x4o41 37*. 
Tennc pfS HO x4 138 I 
T esoro 
I 
8 
1556 16'* 
TS1 > T e w pf2 16 
344 
J im T e xaco 
2 
9 789o 
34' 1 Tex Com I IO l l 
746 
T e x E it 
I 85 
9 2147 
Tx E T pf 7 X 
17 
T x E T pf2 87 
487 
T e xG S T 
2 
8 1171 
T e x ln d lb 14 
62 
T o xin *! I 32 JO 2374 
Tex Int 
14 1771 
Tex O O * 
Tx Pc c d 
Tex U til 

 n m sm 
2om 
9>» 
36' 7 

87 
78 a im i m vm 
12m is m is m 
17tom 
36 
6>% l l 
57m 
IO'* 
5 6 ', 
92'* 
7m 
2m is 

 i? m + 
17'/* + 
X ' * + 
12'/# + sm 
2o'?♦ vm — 
3 7 m - 

87' , + 
7 8 ', i 
31m - 
5 rn 
9 '* — 
12'? - 
18',+ 
39*4 + 
ITV# — 
1o+4 
37* , - 
7 ' * + l i m ­ as 
— 
IO' > * 
S 6U - 
9 2 ', - 
7’* — 
3 
— l l 

28 
74 rn 
77U 
TV l l " . 
82 sm n m 
17 
17 
27’ , 
52 
I 
2o 

T rx s g lt 
T e .g lt pf 
T o xfi Ina 
T e x tro n I X 
26' * T e x tr pf 2 o8 
IV' , T e x tr pf I X 

7o l l 3855 
ISe IV 
JO 
I 32 IO 2564 
I X 15x876 
3 x 158 

IT1* T h io ko l 
33 
Thom Bet 
7m Thorn In 
7’ * Thom JIN 
T h rifty 
T id w tM r 
T ig er Int 
T im a tn c I 15 12 l l 

A '. 
15+' 
IOM i i ' : 
IS'# T lm e M ir 
X 
SAU T im k p 2 X d 
9* * T u n m a n 
4V» T o b m P 
ISe 
V > T o ddS h lp 
22’ n T o lE d .s 7 IT 
9 
75' * TOI E d pf 2 21 
IO 
T o n k a C p 
48 
4 
A'* Toot Rot 
4ob IO 
4"# T ra c e r 
JO 
8 
IV ? TraneCO I OO IO 
29 
T ra n Un I 76 
9 
7 ', T W A l i m TW A p t 
J 
8*4 T ra n sam 
AA 
65 
T ra n s pf4 X 
2om Tra n tn c I 92 
I ' > T ra n tee 
VO 
I t ra n t/ n 
52 
OI 
T G P pf IO 37 
V I '. I G P I p f ! 64 
» ' ? T G P L pf 7 HO 
A U T ro n O h F 
28 
IA’ * T ra n w y I X 
TS 
T ra v lrs I (18 
32m T r a v e r pf2 l l ' , T r.C o n I U t- 
W m T n C n pf2 HO m T ri Sum 
7*4 T r la n in d 
A' 1 T ria P a c 
IS '* T rin ty ln 

157 
UVV 
JO 
458 
371 
174 
J79 
126 
325 
481 
775 
33o 
578 
IO 1o71 
53 
19o 
1711 
• I 
29o 
*45 
734 
X 
175 
U 1 
1o6 

29' 
21 rn 
37 
41m 
27 x m 
46' I is m 
RA' , 
1om i i x m 
7 1 ', 
31 
53'# iv* 
26*% 
33". 
75 
7 im 
36'* n m la m v * iv m 
17 
3 6 ', 
22*4 
54m u r n am nm 

 m m 135 ism is**- 

24m T ro p ica n 
X IV l l ' 4 T u c w G I o8 
8 
I U T w enCen l l ' , T y c o L a b 
16 
T y ie rC p 
71 
U A L ln c 
2 im U A L pf l l ' 1 U G IC p 
U G ) pf 

76 
26 n m 
7V» 
1 3 ', n m 
37'* 
4 1228 l i m tv is m 
I so/a is m 
«5 111 ii9 
73m 
1 4oo6 ivm 
7 n a tom 
UTO 1o7 
,75o 
94 
. 
267 
4 
17o 
I 
565 
X 2891 
25 

• Hi f s i 
SM 21x147 
M 6 H i! 

5o 
X to toto 
1 X 
2 TS 

2 7 '. n m 
23m j i m ll 
2o+* 
37' 1 im ie 
17'* 
24U 
W U n m n m 
2 4 ', 
22' » 

 u rn u r n 
27m 
H' * 
24m u r n 
7' j nm n m 
41m 
4 m 
17V 
IV 

34 
W ' 1 lo rn em 
IT V im n m 
57' 1 

1o+4 U M C m d rn U M E T T r 
IO 
K O P 
2J» 
19m U V ln d 
I X 
54U U V In p l 5 HO 
J t 
U V tn pf I 26 x m U A w c o i X 
7 m Un# r co 
X 
7 !’ # U n ilL t I o6* 
W H U n .N V J U t 
8‘ / U n B a n cp 64 I se rn uc4mp I ae 
SAU U n C a rb 2 IO 
I u n C m re a 
X 
4 ’ # U m on C p 
U 
1 7', U n E to c 
I 36 
I 
33 
Un E l pf 3 X 
. 
U n f l pf 4 X 
U n i! pf 4 56 
U n E l pf 2 72 
U n E I pf 7 44 
U n (t7 T p f 
I 
U n F id a i 
7 
U nO C ai 
J X 
8 
U O C a pf 2 X 
U P a c CP 3 46 >2 to 
U P a c C p wt 
32 lim Un P a c pf 47 
I 
7'» Un 1 ro y a l 
X 2oo2661 
71 
U n ify #1 pts 
,87o 
U n B r an d 
I) 
216 

2o3 
12 7 
8 r n 
13 II H 
6 
272 
27x4269 23 x IO 
23 
9 
111 l U X 
9 
86 
ISS us# 
4 
JOO 
I 
I 
I .41 
6 
9o 
6 
7 e 
46 
353 
12 1W1 
8 1575 ie 
99 
14 
781 
I 2567 
. 
IM 
• d S 
.. IVOO w 
12 
7 
13 
I 2141 
1} 

IV ". n m 
1 5 % im u rn 
34m 
AS 
X 1 , 
21m 
12*% 
W ’ , 
X 
12m sam x m 
7m 
7m tem 
42 
52 m 
53 
X+4 
64*4 
VO 

 e m U n B rn d pf A 
7>% U n ite s 
M a 
14 
U n lin k * I 12 
5+4 U E in C o l 
24 
I m U n G rn ty 
77*% U tllo m 
I u 
I t 
U n lito pf 4 X vm U ni rin d 
TO em U n it rn pf 
42 
4 % U n .N un 
X v m u s e r B k I o4 v m U n itM M 
X is m U nN uC f im U n P l M n 
46 1999 
X m U n ftatg 
16 X x 169 l l 
U | E m T I M a 
17' 1 U U >dG J 64 li m u s g cp* 1 
» ’ i U S G , p ll 
Im uiMi wT ■ i v Uftnd 
X 
6*4 U l t aakg 
32 im u i i l y 
Mt'V U ith O a I T i 
A im v S M a rt 2 3o 

 no 
Me 
5 woe 
7x247 
IS 
J U 
* 
H O M e tie 
5 
7 
127 

• i i i 
X USV 

57m 
74'* r n 

17m 
1om 
69 v m u r n u r n 
JOU lim nm 
27m 
24m 
2 iv* 
14 im u r n 
12m lim 
4m ii' 

 w m 
27m 
35 m xm 
26’* 
3om 
44 urn 
82vm 
28', 
3o 
W U 
W U 
52 im 
25% 
33 
2J+» wm 
35 n m ie'* em 
1 7 ', n m 
34m 
21m 
S IU 
16', em nm ism 
25'* tom em u r n 
34'* 
37 
IO ', urn urn 
1o7', 
22m nm xm 
1o5', 
92 U 
26+% 
11 
22', 
IO 
37'* wm 
Jim im vm ism 
27 ? 
27m is n m 
71m 
2121 
23 
IV * 
3o', 
U rn 
U t tem 
33m 
64 
6 6 ', 
2o+4 
12 
26', 
49+% n m sam 
57 
7m am li m 
42 si 
$7 
JO*. la m 
89+a 
4 rn vm 
77m e n . av 
IT V vm 
67'k a*, 
17+4 xm flu li m 
27m urn 
19+4 urn 
5 tim u r n 
Jim im u r n u 
49 • 

 r 
1 

78+rr 
27 V - 
37 
+ 
X ' j— 
26’ *— 
3o+4 + 
44'. 
IS'4 + 
12m - 
9 ’ 
76+4 — 
3 o '-* - 
7 o "* - 
W ’ * - 
52 
- 
J ', . . 
25’ *- 
33m f 
25 t 
W ’ * - 
35 
- n m + la 14— e m — 
17’* — n m 
35',— 
2lm i v m 
- 
H ',4 - a m ­ l i u f 
25’ * + 
25',+ 
1o’* - 
7m * 
13 
- 
JS’ i - p 
~ 
1om - i#m - u m - 
1o7' * - n m i7 m - x m - 
1o7 
4 
94 
+ ja m l l 
T im 4 
3 1 ',+ 
X 
+ 
» '• * _ 
32 • + im * 
■ m 
15*4 
23' *— 
W ',4 is m - iim * 
2 1 V 
71 
- 
71V- n + 
IV ,+ 
Jim urn im * 
16*4- 
3 2V 
65 
4 
X ' , - ffm * urn 4 
W '» — 
6 6 ', + 

57m + 
7m 
A V — 
15V— 
42 
+• 
8a + 
» m - 
6 4 ' * ^ s * m - 
6*% 
57 
— 
7 J* , + 
9 7 U 
49 
- 
17'*- 
1o - n m 4 
• m - tj 
- u r n * 
2 *m - 
1 7 V - i j m , 
77>*~ lam 
W U u * 
$m + 
1 2 V - 
I2<* + 
3 3 V im u m + r n * * 
66 V - 

I 
— 
7m + l i m im * 
J 4 V 
6 » « * 

I ' , 

Y *o rly 
High tv rn 
3 9 +% 
1 7 5*4 
121+4 w m 
2’* 
79m 
24"* 
9m 
15 rn 
77Mi 
33 rn 
« ' > 
18'* 
12'? 
45+* 
34m 

Sola* la w h d t ) H ig h lo w 
Lott C h g 
19H 
U ST obc I X 
13 
3V6 
29+% 
77 rn 
28 
— 
H 
W H U n T ech I 2o 
7 1986 
36*4 
1 5H 
15 H — 
H 
111' ? Un Teh pf 8 
56 163'm 
16o+4 161*4— 
2*4 
1o4 
U n T rh p f ’ 32 
8119 
IIT * , 
117H + rn 
14 
U n lT d 
I » 
IO 3189 
19+4 
IV u r n — 
H im 
U ni Tel wt 
528 
2*4 f 
2m - 
H 
21*4 
U h T ei p fl SO 
J 
28 m asm 
28’m— rn 
18+i U nTI 2pf I X 
31 
2 4 ', 
24 
24 
- rn 
4' ? U ni tro d 
IO 
9 
745 
7 
6 H 
6’m + rn 
9' , 
U n iv a r 
.56 
6x117 
IO' i v m 
9 H - rn 
72'# 
U n lv F d s 
I 
9 
27 
22+% 
22*% 
22*% 
18+? U n L e a f 
1 56 
8 
543 
33m 
3 i rn 
33*4 + im 
34 
U pjoh n 
I o8 
U S L lF E 
X 
14 
895 
36 
34*4 
35'm— 
*4 
U H 
7 174o 
1 7 ', 
17 
17 
— rn v rn U s iife F 
96a 
«84 
12'4 n m nm 
27H 
U tah P L 3 17 
9 
355 
44 m 
43 x m + 
'rn 
29’ # U tP L p f J 8o 
42 
33m 
33+4 
3 3 * 4 - rn v - v v - x 

78 rn 
2 o ', vm 
19'« urn 
A1* 
7 
IS 
31 ism 
9*4 is m 
57 
6o 
89 
1o1' 7 
1o8' , 
J im 
89 
82' , 
8 5 ', 
8*. 
TV# 
73 
AO'4 sm n m u rn 
33+4 
24". 
23". 
41 
44'# 
17m 
46 iom 
1 2 ', 
3o rn w m 
IO". 
3 6 ', 
23'* w m 
35 
21+4 la m is is m 
6'* 
W 
7 io u tom 
IO U 
7 7 ', 
J e u n m v 
47 m 
7 7 ', u rn lorn i i 1 # x m tem w m s i ' , 
57*, 
65 
77 m 
I V ', 
X ' 

 n m v F c p 
1 1o 
7 l l ’ , V S IC o rp 
8o 
6 
A 
V a lle y fn 
X 
7 
12 
V a ria n 
78 13 
4 U V a ro in e 
Ole 4 
3m V e n do 
3 U V e n ice 
2o 13 
17'• V est Se I li e 
16' ? V e fco 
We 9 
7' / V ia c o m 
16 
3 ". V ic to rC 
Ole 
17m V a E P w I 24 
8 
45’ , V a E P pf 4 OO 
4V 
V a E P pf 
5 .. 
72*4 V a E P pf 7 72 
RI 
V a E P p ts 84 t 
98 
V a E P pf9 75 
27"* V a E P p f J 9o 
72' ? V E 7 7 pf 7 77 
67' ? V a E P pf7 JO 
72'# V a E P p f7 45 
4 U V o rn ad o 
IO 
18U V u tcn M I IO 
8 la * . W a ch ova 
54 
9 j v 1 W a rn pf 2 » 
2*. W a ch R ty l l ' ? W a lM a rt 
IO 12 
12' * W a lg rn 
I IO 
7 
74 
W lk r A I X . 
9 
H U . W a ll B us aa 
8 lt '? W a llM u 
I 
4 
J J U W a iM pf I TO 
28m W a lt J im 1 JO 9 
IO'# W alt J pf 
I 
3 1 ', W a lt J p f l IO 
5'# W a rd E d 
47t 
W a rn a c o 
I6'» W a rn s 
I W 16 
1 7 ', W rn C o m 
X 
8 
A' ? W m e r Co X 
8 
27' 1 W a r n e r l 
I 14 
IS 
W a sh e s I SR 
7 
IOU W a sh N a t BO 
6 
2 5 '. W asN pf? M 
12+4 W a sb S tl 
I 
7 
IV ? W asW at I 76 
7 
A U W a ste M 
2o 
12 
14 
W a tk in J 
37 IS 
4"# W a yG o s ta a 
14' j W ayG p f l AO 
4 
W e a n U td 
7 
13'# W ea pf2 JOU 
S ', W ix th rd 
X 
7 
W e b h O e i 
12 
IV * W ei CMM 
82 
ISM. WetlsFgo 
I 
5m W edFM 54e 
47' j W tP P pf4 X 
33', W tPt Pe J to 
J I m W sfetTr I 94 
R H W n A .r l 
X t 
17+4 W nBnc 
I X 
H U W nNoA mob 
A 
W n Pacln 
12 U W nPubl 8ob li m W Union I X 
44 
W nUn pf 4 X 
45 
We Un pf 4 9o 
54 
W nUn pf 
6 
25 
WnUn pf2 56 
13 
W esfgEi 
97 
W ang p i l X 

 l l 

2 m n I i W e s tm o r 
32 m 
24m W ttv a c o I X 
25'» 
H U W e yb rg I 16 
«9m 
37 W ay arn r 
6o 
I 
AAU 
SS'# W a yr p f M O 
26m 
H W h eal F 
4oa 
J I "• 
I i W h e e l Pt 1 
336 
67 
53 W h o !P it pf A 
J77o 
52’ I a m 
W hel P it pf 5 
,46o 
Jim 
22 W h irlp o l 
IO 
12 
SHO 
2 /m l l ' ? 
W hit Con I x A 
626 
M U 
34U 
W h ite pfC 3 l l 
V * 
J U 
W h tteM ot 
554 
26 1 
H H W h itin g 1 X 7 39 
4 '* 
3 W h lt f a k r 
7 i l l u rn 
V . W ick e s 
34r 
IO 
JW 
X 
4 
W IOMI St 
32 
9 
774 
W 
W W illia m * 
I 
IO 37o1 vm 
Sm W iH h rO 
12* l l 
8o2 
46m 
J im W ln n D x 
I 56 13x369 
67 
46m W inn D ix B 
J 
V , 
4 ". W inn boo 
W 
61o 
IV1, lim 
W in te r J 4oa 5 
263 
U U 
24U 
W ise E P 
2 1o 294 
1o8 
99 W its pf a 96 
97' , 
84>. WISE pf 7 75 
21*4 
17 W isGas I JO 
3o 
75m 
W isG p f J 55 
77+4 n m w i k p l i x 
22 
15u 
W iscPS I U jim ap*m w ilco 
146 
79 
Sim W ilco pf2 65 lim 
X W iH rO to em im w otvrw to* i i ' i 
X+4 Wometco X 
X m 
5' 1 W ocxjCp 
X * 
2V t ism A OOO Pet x 
V t w m WOhoth 
I x i9< j i n . w o t* pf 2 x 
6+4 
3+4 W o rtd A lr 
| aam a * , w n g iy 2 4oa 
1 7 ', 
5+4 
W u rtfio r 
4o 
H U 
*+4 
A .la in to 
A U 
Im 
W ytyC p e a u 
X U X e ro x 
I X 
24** 
7 '? 
X fre C o 
OI* 

Yeorfy 
High 

7 3 ’ /. 
9+'* 
A+/4 
8 rn 
11 Va 
3+4 
4 2 V . 
2*4 
19’/* 
48' , 
25 
7'% 
I V , 
4+4 l l ”. 
;m v , 
9*» 
7 
5'/. 
16+4 
12+/# 
3Vx 
W ? 
7m n m 
T il 
J n m 
9 +* 
3’* 
16*4 
/rn 
5'/, 
5'* 
7 U 
6+/# 
3 
5'* 
4m 
41M) 
8+% 
3 '* 
13 
7 " . 
19 
16*4 
14M) 
A’/# 
21 Mi 
IO U 
3 ' , 
5 ". 
5 *'4 
1o’ , ll 
IO '? 
8’ * 
4+4 n u 
4m 
17'/# 
17+4 
2+4 am 
8'% 
14*4 im 
5 
3 " * 
5 
JO 
16+ k 
74 Mi 
6 ’ % 
11+4 
9 m 
93 
9 rn 
4M. 
17 m 
4 
1o+4 ie rn 
73+4 
6 
3 
IO' ? ll" . 
R H 
3+4 
36 

Law 

12' ? D<JPlxPd 
8o '6 
S U D u rT 5 t 
3ob 
9 
2V , D y n lc tn 
o6e l l 
3+% D y n A m 
6 
A '? D y n e llE l 
26 im E A G 
In 
6 
16+4 E O G Inc 25c 
3 
’ » E aglee 
13+4 E a rth R e s 
I 
6 
X+ 4 E a so n O 
2ob 16 
17 
E s t r n C I 6o 7 
3 'i E a io r E 
24 
6 

97 
243 
353 
235 
IV 
2 
252 
31o 
28 x5 
133 
6 
E cod yn e 
We 1113o7 
IV# E d m o s 
7’* E D O 
3’/# E g a n M 
4’/* E n rn h P h 
4'+ E lc o rC p tv , E l Hose 
1+/4 E IA u d D 

Oe 
7 
X 
7 
2oa 
I 
17 
8 
IOT 
21f 12 
6 x56 
A 
15 

32 

IOT 
27t 14 
Ole 96 

VV, E le c t r o g 
I iv , E le c E n g 
28 
IV# E le c t Resch 
12U E le c A m 1.2o 
4V, E n r g v R e s 
6+, E r n s lE C 
64 
I '* E ro Ind 
4*4 E s p e y M t 
4+4 E s q R a d 
3oe 
6+t) E sse x Ch 
I V E t iL a v 
7’ ? E v a n A r 
3 m E x e c u te 
J 
F D lln c 
3 
E P A C orp 
4 
F a b le d 
.We 
4 
3m F a b ie n 
X 27 rn F a lrT e x 
I ’* F a irt Nob 
T it F a lr m C .14e 
8 
2om F a lc o n s 
I 
9 
4'/, F a m O o lr .16 
A im F a m ily R ec 
4 
8*4 F a n n y F ,5oe 
6 
I 
F a s h F a b 
7’* F a y D rg lOe 13 
12'? F e d M a rt 
6o 
5 x28 l l 
F e d R lty 
I 74 13 
34 
4 
F od Re* 
347 
8 
F e lm n t 
12e 22 32o 
5 
F e ls w a y 
36 
5 x15 iv# F lb re b rd w t .. im F id e lc o 
I '* F i l m C p A 
5'/. F ilm w y 
85* 
8 
5 ', F ln G e n 
36b 
7 
5 m F ln G n A 36b 
5 ', F t Conn 
.25e l l 
3V# F s tH rt pf SO 
S ’* F s tS L S h 
2 '* F s tm rk 
9*4 F is c h r P .ta t 
13*, F ltc h b G 144 
I '* F la g g 
2” , F la g s ta ff 
4+/# F la v rln d 
8 
F lig h t St 
o9e l l 
9 16 F lo c k 
I"* F la C a p 
2+4 F la R c k 
I ’* F lo w G e n 
9 ’* F lo w e rs 
AO 
13'* F lu k e j 
13V# F ly D ia O 
3+4 F o o d rm 
X 
7m F o o d w y s 
7 
F o o te M 
25e 
72+/# F o rd C a n 
5a 
4 
F o re st Ct ase 
2m F o re s tL a b 
7+4 F o x S ta P 
5o im F ra n k ln R t 
A’ s F ra n k N u 
36 
IO 
F r a n t i 
8oa 
15+x F re s n illo 
X 9o i v , F rle d m 
24b 
6 
I'/, F r le n d F r 
12 
6"» F riq tm p 
55t 
A 
7 
F rls c h s 
3ob 
8 
5'* F r o n t A lr 
5 
I*# F ro n tA lr wt 
73' 7 F ro n tr A ir pf 

SoU t 
(hdt.) High law 
29 
1 4 ', u r n sm 
5 
5 ' , sm 
2’* n m iv , 
18 x m 
24 V# 
7 rn 
16V, 
2 rn n m sm am 
7 
5'/, 
4 rn 
16*4 sm 
2+, 
2om 
7 
1o+4 im sm 
VV# vm 
3 m 
IA'/x 
5 
2’* 
5 
5 ' , 

131 
17 
IS 
79 
145 
7 
166 

16 
66 
89 
1o7 
6 
6 l l 
4o9 
IOO 
132 
73 
31 
5 
77 
18 
74 
62 
8 
869 
41 
19 
IO 
64 
8o 

22 
76 
57 
887 
184 
9 
22 
5 
18 
13 
113 
5 
93 
67 
22 
154 

 im 
2m 
3*/. 
4 l ’/4 
6 
2m 
9 ". 
IV# n m 
13’* u r n 
5 '* 
2o*4 
IO im 
3 
2*4 v m 
1o+/4 io m 
; 
4 
9+ 4 
2m u r n 
16+4 im 
5 
7 Vt 
14 V# 

7 v , 
4*4 
5m 
7+4 
2+4 lam im 
17>* 
45+% 
73+ # 
6 
IO’ /, 
2 l l 
5'/# 
6m 
6 ' , 
5 rn am is m 
•rn 
2 Vt 
IV am 
IO 
1*4 sm em em 
3 
14+4 
4+% 
2 m 
5 
5’* 
4im 
2m 
3 Vt 
35 Vt sm 
2m vm im 
16+4 
1 3 ’ /, 
14 V. 
4*4 
1 8*4 vm im 
2+4 
2 
7’* 
9+4 
9’* am 
4 vm 
2 m 
1 3 ’ * 
1 6 V , im 
4+4 
7 
13+4 

Lott Chg. 
14V*.......... 
7*4.......... 
4*4— 
Vt 
5 '* — 
Vt 
8 
+ rn 
2+4 
H H — rn im ....... 
17+%- rn 
4 5 H — V t 
24 
+ I 
6’* + 
Vt 
16 
+ 5 '* 
T it— rn n 
— rn sm— rn 
6+4+ 
Vt am — v* sm— vt 
4 rn— m ism ...... 
8'4 . . 
2'/*— rn iv — rn 
6 v t— rn io*4+ rn im+ rn s m ...... 
VV# v m * 
3m— 
14*4— 
4 H 
27/* + 
5 
- s rn . 
4 
* 
1 H + 
2>/4 — 
3'/?— 
3 6 V * - 
5’/*— 
2 rn — 
9 H — 
1V* + 
17 
- nm * 
I arn— 
4 * 4 - 
W '/* + 
9 H — im — 
3 
+ 
2 '* vm+ iom + lorn* 

4 
+ 
9*% + 
2 m 
14 
— 
16+*- i m — tv , 
7 'it 4 
13’* 4 

7 
14 
6 
7 

64 
24 
197 
81 
IO x81 
8 
68o 
4 t3 
5 
2o7 
IO 
18 
5 /59o 
7 
72 
7 
58 
1ox146 
31 
5 X4o 
6 
I 
33 

3215 1613 1615 16 

43 
9 
768 
IO 
X94 
47 
— I 

5 
3 m 
4 ", 
2o ism 
74 m 
A n m 
7 rn 
87 
7+4 
3'/* 
9 ’* 
3m 
9 '/* 
17 
18 sm 
1+* 
9'/* 
7 Vt 
7m 
3m 
31 

4’ 4 
3m 
4 '* 
IVV* 
15 
21’/* 
5+4 
IO 
7+« 
85 
7m 
3 
9 
3m am 
17 
17 V* 
5 
1*4 sm 
7m a m 
3 
31 

G 
H 
I 
67 
195 
19 
23 i 
3o t 
56 
5x126 
128 
42 

4 
15 16 G IT Ind 
8'# 
J G R IC P 
I'* 
I G S C E n 
,42c 14 
2 '4 , rn G T I 
13*4 
5 m G a b rie l 
. X 5 
Tm 
4 
G a la x y 
A l l ’* 
7 G a ra n 
. X 
3 " . 
I ’, G a r c ia 
5’* 
2’* G a rla n d l l ’* e m G a t e s lr le t 
4 
65 
5** im G a y lo rd 1oc 
3 
29 
2m 
*? G a y n o r la am im G n E m p iar 
7 lo rn 
3+4 G e n E x p 12 
594 iv * G n H o u s 
4 
1o4 
’ a G n R e c r e 
53 
I ' , G ong* 
7 
5o im 
G e n ls c o 
7 
IO 
5'/? 
G e n o v D r 
7 
14 
Iv* G eon in d 
6o9 
2' ? G e r b e r 
7 
128 
13*4 G ia n tF d la 
5x473 
3 m 
G ia n t Y e t 
89 572 
J '/, G la d d in g 
96 
2m 
G la s r o c k 
423 
76’ , GI a lf I lr 
I X 6 
59 
3*4 G le n G e r 
16 6 
21 
6*. G le n D is 
4*t 7 
284 
IO"* G lob e In 
«oa 5 
71 
9*? G lo s se r 
.32 A 
8*. G lO u cstE 
4 
2+4 G lo v e r 
Wr 
3'* G ld b la tt 
28 IO 

2'. 
3*4 
7 am 
4 rn 
7’ % 
IR1 # 
BM. 
IO U sm 
38 
A*, la 1. ism 
13 
14' , 
7 
5 
IA H 
12m im 
4 ". e m 
A 
23'% 
4'/* 
9 
8 rn am 
6*4 
37*. 
A' * 
A H 
A*, 
7 rn 
14U 
IO' J rn io u 
7+4 
34 U 
IO U 
7M, 

G o ld n C y 
IC ye 
4 ’* G o !d e w 36e 
' ? G o ld f ie ld im G o o d L S 
o7r 
2m G o o d rich w t iv * G o rie s t 
We 
15 
G o rm R 
,9oa 
7m G o u ld lT 
24e 2oo 
5 m G ra n d A u 
3o 
6 

5 
83 
J 
35 
89 
7 
75 
.. " 1 7 7 
12 
478 
5 
17 
8 x27 
8 
19 
A m G rn d C tl 
X 
A l l 
2+4 G I A m in d 
4 t i 
2m G t B a v n P 
59 14o3 
25m G tL k C h 
28 IS 
137 
4 ’* G tL a k R 
JJT 
9 
2 U G rp e n m a n 
5 
4 '* G re e rH y 
12 
$ 
4m G R E I T 
X IO 
IO 
G ro s s T lc 
I 
8 
6*% G ro w C 
. 32h 
7 
I 32 G u a r d M t w t 
4*4 G u a rd C 
X b 
8 
4' ? G u ilfo rd 
2o 
4 
TOU G lfO ilC a n 
I 
7 
4 ’ , G H R p p F n 
4 
3+* G u lf s t r m 
I* . 9 16 H a lc o P ro d 
A 
6+4 H a lls M o t 
SO 
6 
3m H a m p D 
15e H 
3"» H a m p tn Ind 
3 
IO*. Hannt^ d 
X 
5 
8'% H a n v rS h 
AO 
5 
2*. H a n v rS q RU 
16 
H a rla n d 
X IO 
3 ', H a rtfd Zdy 
1o 
H a r t iM ,22e 12 m H a rv e y G p 
8 
3' ? H a sb ro 
4 
A '* H a stin g 
4oa 
6 
3 
H a w a i A 
Wr 
4 
5 
H ea l th Ch 
IO 
J U H e a lth M . » 
5 
Im H e in ie * 
1oc 
9 
1 
H el tm M fg 
2’ ? H iG ln e 
T5t 88 
3’% H ig h la n d 
3’ # H illn a v n 
32 
5 
S’ ? H ip frn lc 
JO l l 
I* . M o fm n ln d 21 
2 
H o lly C p l l 
23' i H orn pO A 
75 
8 
W ' ? H o m e O B 
75 
7 
H U H o rm e l 1.12 
9 
4 '* H o r n H a " 
S '. H o sp M 
6oe 27 l l ' . H ote l In I 37e 13 
4’* H oos Ron 
X 
5 
4 
H ou se VI 
32 l l 
6+4 H o sp M tr In 
22 
32' ? H o u O iiM 
8o 31 9292 
12m H ow etC 
X e 
8 
33 
3 '. H ow e ll 
ISe 
3 
64 
27’ ? H u b ell A I M W 
22 
28 m H ub ei IB I SO IO 
21 
41 
H u b pf A l 75 
5 
3m H u ck M fg 
W U 
9 
1"» H udson G en 
42 
11 
Hud B O 
I 52 
9 
JI 
6 
H u ffm a n 
SO 
5 
1o4 
J 
H u n tH lt . 15e 
5 
29 
16' ? H uS kyO 
8o 
I X 5 S 
H y c e lln c 
21 
161 

14 
66 
I 
129 
18 
78 

17 
48 
59 
36 
94 
41 
71 
47 
5o 
27 
3 
15 
75 
87 
544 
136 
1o 
95 
34 
1o3 
38 
A1 
74 
1o7 
11 
87 
ISO 
22 
426 
6 
3 
9 l l 
88 
38 
27 
37 
X 

2 H 
3 '% im 
J 
13'/« sm 
1o 
2m 
4m 
IO’* 
* m i 
2'% v rn 
2+* 
1+» 
2+* im 
5 ’* 
2m 
7 '* n m 
7m 
3 * 4 
5+ 4 
3 5'? am 
H U ie '* n m u r n 
3' , am 
11 n m rn- j sm 
4*4 
2 o ', 
4m 
7m 
8 
6'% a m 
3 6* 4 
5 ', 
3 ’ * 
6 
A H 
U U vm 

2 
2 m 
IV* im 
12+4 fit 
9 
2 rn 
4 V* 
IO ', 
4m rn im 
7 m j iv * 

4*4 
3’/ , . . . . 
4 '/* — 
19+4 + is m * 
2 2 - 2 sm + i o u - 
7’* + 
8 7 + 2 
7 m — 
3 m + 
9 
+ 
3*% + 
9 
+ 
17 
18 f 
5 
- 
1 + 4 - 
8 m f 
7 m - am 
3 
31 
- I 

2 
+ 
2m — im * 
2 
. 
12+*— 
4Vtr— v m — 
2m — 
4v*— io n — 
4 *%— 
1 .... i m - 
7 rn— 1 
2 
- im 
.. 
2 H 
2 H im im 
5 rn 
5 H + rn 
I H 
I H — rn 
6+4 
6 H + rn n m n m — rn 
6*4 
7'» + rn 
3*4 
3 H - 
H 
4+, sm + 
H 
34 rn 
34'/,— 
1 s rn 
6 
— 
Vt 
U U 
IS H + rn 
ITH n m * 
H ll i i 
— 
Vt n m n m — V t 
3+, 
3m — rn 
4 
4 
— rn 
IO ', l l 
+ 
■H lpm 
1o*4 + rn. m n i6 im im — rn 
T H 
8 
+ 
*, 
4 H 
4 H . 
2o'% 
2o' rn— rn 
4 
4 
— 
'rn 
7*4 a m + 
Vt 
8 
• 
— rn 
6 
I _ rn sm sm — rn 
3 5 H 
3 5 H — im 
5+4 
5 H — rn 
3m a 
6 
13m v m 

3+4 + 
6 
.. 
6 
— 
I J H — 
9+4- 
3 I 32 I 32 I 32 

4+4 
2 '? (CH CO 
ITI A io m 
3m iC M R 
S U 
5 
I M C M g 
JO 
7 
4 U 
2 ', ISCFIn! X 24 
I 
’ • IT IC P WI 
8 
43 16 Im p C n 
JO* 
6 l l 16 
'% Im p G rp 
o8c 
4'* 
1+* Im p er Ind 
76m l l ' * Im p O ilA 
84 l l 
3m 
I ’ * In a rco 
7o'* 
• ' , I n c o trm 
13 
7 U 
I 
I n f lig h tS v 
3'* 
I* , Inole* 
7 U 
J' ? In sfro n 
JO 
J ' >11 H In s trS y s 

23 
71 i l l 
43 
74 
27 
TV 
73 v a l 
1 
94 
134 t i 
43 
469 
9 
79 
76 
225 

7' * InsSy p f 25e 
I '* I n t e g R e t 
5 
21* In frm o d 
IO 
S '. In tlA iu m 
M 
7 im In tB n k n t 
IO 1777 
I ' , IntCour 
» 
9 
174 
I'* In tF d S v c 
64 
I* , In tF u n a rl 
8 
In tG e n ln 
In tP ro tn 

Ola 
7o 
5 

4m in tS a a w 
25a 
J im in tS tr t c h 
IS '* In tSyC on 
25 
4 
• , Interphot 
9"* In te rp o o l 
7 
5 
In te r w a y 
19 
I 
In ve st F la 
9*4 Inv D v A joe 
5 
2*» fn v D v B 
OSe 
5 
2’ % In v R tT r i i 
Io nics Inc l l i m Iro q B rd 
X .. l i m Iro g B rn d p f 
I m Irv in ln d tat 
4 
6’ * Itre e tD .75# 

7274 
62 
IM 
79 
25 
525 
6 
96 
162 
72 
71 
372 
TV 
21 
X 
71 
76 
14 

J 
K 
L 

1o 

Y -Z - to i i i 
12m i i a 
7 i4 4 m is m 
J ii tim 
4 
479 u h lim 
I 5, s i 
1 im 
7 ', im 
1 
»» K H ; n m 
24' , im a 
9 i i i u rn t im 
W E E K L Y N Y S T O C K ( A L B S 
, f Total tor weak 
* < Wa*# aga 
, .v e e r agy 
Tw o yea rs ego 
I Jan I la d a ta r 197* to d a ft 
I 11975 to d aft 

 rn i rn j urn n m 
W U 
H 
64 
6*, 
X H 
H 

6 U Y a te s 
H U Z o ie C o rp 88 l l l a t e p f A 
OO 
W U Z a p a ta 
X b a 
Z a p a ta pf 
2 
S U Z a y re C n l l i o n . t k i tm I c 

I U J a c ly n 
7*. Jaco bs 
45e 
4 ', Ja m s w y o5r i m Jgawwaf .to 
2 
Jet rom e 
7 H J o h n P d 
16 
J ' % J u n 1 p e r P im ju p ite r 
J U k Tat in 
45e 
I 
K a .v t n d 
26 
4 't K an e M .II wt 
45 
K n G C p it SO 
6' , K a p o k T 
Wr 
2m K a y C p 
o7e 
4 m K e n w m 
34a 
4 '* K at ch m lOr 
12’* K ew an e e 
72 
I m K e y 
Ca 
Sm K e y s! Ind 
X 
Im K ln A rk 
I'* K m g O p t 
AU K ln g R d 
8 ’% K irb y E x 
I U K it M fg I t U K lee, VU 
4 U K le m e rts l l ’* K n ic k T o y l l ' , K n ic k T o y w l^ H tem K o llm o r 
SO l l 

2oe 

IS 

U 1266 
* 
I 
I 
'* 
IO 1174 
• . 
I* 
J I X 
I 
4 
1o4 
» 
1914 
4 
63 
176 
T i 
56 

T i 
H 
33 
W 179 
22 

 am K u h n s ir 
W im L S R md 
Mr m L T V C o r p wt 
2'% L a E d /ga 
o6 
3m L a M a o r 
JO 
5 la N o tnt 
X e 
S m LaOuinta am i a t 
, 
JA t m L a k e S h o , 
I U In d m rk 
I'* L a Tour Bek am i eoR/>n am f ’ t i a a l" Co so 
IS le e fn t r 
X 
I ' , Loo Nail 
3 
L aa Pf-a, 
J 
L a h ig h P r 
6*» i e.gf P o to im L a m u ra T 
6 ' 1 l a v . t i m 
24 
I ' , I t w is B F 
24 
4m L'bfyFa b 
4 i g h i o i r 
U 
4 
L ilt'Amt 
22 

1o sm 
27m tom am im 
13m 
7 
5 ' , 
1 3 ', 
IO ', 
4m w 
4 m 
13U im 
7’* 
1om 
4V* 
7 H 
7 
2 im 
3 H 
5 
7 H 
7 
3 a m 
Tam 
26 
T a u s m 
• u r n a m 
5 i m 
$ 5 m 
11 
4m 
3 5 % 
3 5 '* jim 
4m sm i i u r n am j i m 
4 ’ , 
4*4 s m 
7 ". 
2 *4 
I a m im 
2m 
73'* 
2'% u r n im im 
7m im 
II 
7 
7*4 u r n i m 
12m im 
2m is 
7m im im 
22V# im 
17m t e m 
I U 
IV' , 
4 m 
1 is m 
7m ism am am 

7 m 
11m v m 

T i im 
4'/* 
7 im is m im s i 
5 
5 rn 
V U a m 
J im 
2m 
7m im 
2 im is m 
4 H im am 
V t n m 
A U 
3 
7 16 
3 
I U sm 
9 H 
I 

 t m I t n e ln A m l l 
J I 
4 
H a r d s * ' 
7 
126 

M 
26 l l 
733 
74 
17 
17 
111 
M i 
17625 16 jj im 
41 x X i i 
137 
14 
Si 
I i i 
17 
7 
37 
14 
97 
4 

 vm 
4 rn 
26' , 
IO '* 
6+4 
I u r n am 
5 
12m 
IO', 
4m n m 
4m 
17+4 
1 
7m vm 
4 
7 am im im 
3 
5 
7 am 
2m a 
27m 
25' • 
26 i m rm 
17 m 
4m 
4m im a m 
17m 
3m 
34' , lim 
S I ', 
4m 
4m is m n m im w m 
4'% 
4 
3 ', 
7 H 
2m rn im im 
7m 
22m 
2m u r n im im 
7 m 
1 
IO ', im 
7m n m i m 
12 
Tm 
2m 
W U am 
7m im n m im u r n n m im n m 
4V» sm is m 
7'% 
U U sm am 

 am 
T n m im im im am i m is m 
4 ', 
51 
4m im 
7 H am 
36 
I am im im 
7 H n m am im im 

 f s i 
34 am jm 
H im im 
5 
I U 
7 H 

 vm s m + 
26'/?— io m + 
A H im + 
1 3 ',— a m — im — 
12*4— 
1 o ',+ 

I 32 rn 

5’ * 

19H + 
4m + n m — 
Tm . 
7 m + io m + 
4 ',+ 
7 ',+ 
7 
J 
A im jm + 
5 
7 
— a m — 
V t — 
A' * 
27H 
26 
. 
26'* 
5 H — 
I 
+ 
13H + 
4»/» + 
5 
+ 
•rn . x m - 
17m + 

34m + 
35 
+ 
5 1 ',+ 
4 H + sm + 
I S H — n m + 
3 U - 
22* ,+ im a m 4 
4 
— rn 
I ' , . , . 
7 m ... 
2 H — rn — 1 la s m — rn im . . . 
2 H - a 
+ 
2'.%— 
IJH— 
1 m - 
1 H — 
7m * 
1 
— 
3o*>— 
I 
+ t m . , . . n * k - 1 
1*4 + rn i i 
. 
I*?*— 
7 H - 
14' if - 
7 
+ 
•rn ♦ i m 
- 
1 9 H - 
I 'm - 
1 6 H - nm 
I V - 
1 6 V - 
4+'%— 
4 
15 V - 
7'm— 
’ f 
• 
I V - a m . . 

OH 
IO 
IO 
o 
9 rn to 

H H * 1H i m .......... n m - m i v - rn 
• r n - rn i m - rn 
7 
. . .. 
I'm — 
H nm - u i v 
— rn 
5 1 - 1 
48*.............. sm ... i m * i n am .... 
J a n + rn 
2 
.. .. tm— rn 
1 H ... im — rn im + rn 
3 2 V - I H am + rn im + rn am ? l i m 
- m 
T im 
1 
34 
— am— i .... 
H 
I 14 
I V - 
4m + 
5 
— 
O H k tm 
2 '* + 
I ' , . . 

 im l *b b »S i m 
I J H I on m n 
6oa 
7 
4 H Loaw Th# w f 
4** L o a ic o n 
4 tm L o g is tic o*9 
4 

94 

I 
63 
•7 

 r ' H n m 
7m 
4 m im i i 
7 
7 am im 
79% am i : 

 i i 
• rn im 

 am 
23H 
2 m 
4 
I N nm im t 
A 
7 t i 
4 H re 

1?9% i m t m 
1 

24H - im 

4m — p i , i i t im - 
7 
~ a m , 
7*s» 
7 H t 
S H i m 
- 
7m r ,— 
M '-s t t h i m * im . 

1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 

Y e a rly 
High 
Law 
Sole* 

23*. 
28 U 
7+% 
7*4 
3 V* 

9 
L a G e n S v 
SO 7 
132 
W ’ # L o u isC e I 37 
7 x U 
3'% L u n d y E I 
12 
5 
I 
L y n c h C p 
12 
82 
I 
L y n n w e a r 
28 

2’ * 
8+% 
8+4 iv* 
16+4 
5+4 
9 ’ 7 
5’ , 
5 rn 
J 
29' io m 
6 
8’ , 
32’ * 
IO' , 
39 rn 
J 
17'* 
7*% 
I U 
5 '* 
22U 
4*4 
14+4 
VV, 

M - N ’ - O 
I 3* M D C C o rp 
2+% M P O 
4 
I 
M W A 
4ob 12 
M a c r o d 
13U M e P b S I X 
7 
2’* M a m m th 
IO 
3' i M n g o o d 
3 H M a n h L te 
28 
9 
3m M a n sfT 
o2r 
9 
13 16 M a r in d q 
18 
M a rk e t! 
28 
7 
4’* M a rle n e 
3 
3m M a rsh F d 
4*4 M a r sh In t 
18*4 M a r tP r 
4oe 
6 
Am M a sln d 
4oa 
5 
23’ % M a sn e iln X 
6 im M a s t e r s t 
4*4 M a te r R e 
28 t i 
4 
M a u lB r 
U b 
A m M c C ro ry w t 
2 '? M e C u lO 
25 

H ig h la w lo s t C h g . 
23*i 
77+4 
I?*#— 
Vt 
77>m 
77*4 
77+i— rn 
4*4 
4 
4 
3 H 
3 H 
3’, . . 
I VI 
1*4 
I H 

 im im 
1*^ - rn 
8+% 
7m 
7+4 + 
H 
7*i 
7 'n 
T H + rn 
H 1 3 - U r n ... 
16*4 n m n m — 
'rn 
5 
4 H 
4 H — 
Vt 
4 H 
4>, 
4 H + rn 
5*? 
4*, 
5'm+ 
H 
5*% 
4’m 
5*4 + 
H 

6 
IOO 
23 
128 
13 
135 
S 
118 ns 
126111615 1615-16— 
282 
29'* 
2 6H 
27m + 

6 ’* M c ln ts h 
IV* M c Keen 
1o+? M e a n s F I o8 
SM) M e d a l st 
44 
3 U 1 5 16 M e d a ln G p 
4m 
IV . M e d c o Jw 
5 m M e de nco 
2o 
2 '? M e d fie ld 
14*4 M e d ia G n 
X 
7 U M e g , Int 
2o 
I V ? M ETM Co 

7o 
7 

 vm 
8+» 
2o' ? 
17 
!8m 
2' * 
12+4 
1 9 ’ * 
2' ? im 
4 rn 
14+? 
3 rn 
11+4 
8 is m 
7*4 
23m 
23'* 
J '? rn 
37’ % 
4 9 ' , 
IO 
7’* 
3o' , 
6 
51 
13V* 
Am 
7+4 
6*4 
71'? nm 
J U 
8' ? 
8+4 sm 
25 
7’* 

’* M e rc a n t Ind 
S U M e te * 
3o 
4 
17’* M e tp th 
18 m M e tro c a r m M e tro G rt 
I " . M ic h G e n 
3 
9 rn M lch S u g 
I 
7 
3 
MI c h s pf 
24 
5"? M lc k lb r y 
16 
4 
3+? M id ld C o 
IO 
9 
9 m M id !GIS 
28 
5 
3’* M ille r 
H 
25 
13*. M ille r W o X 
9 n m M i I R o y 
25 
8 m M ls s n IT 
I 64 M ls s io n l w f 
17*4 M o P f CR I X 
7 
24*. M it c h IE l l 
3+? M ite C p 
2o 
8 
4 
M od M a id 
5 
6+s M o ly c rp w t 
4+* M o n M g t 
X 
5 
44 
M o n P p f 4 X .. 
8’ * M ood 
X 
7 
3 U M tg G th 
X e .. 
4 U M o rto n s 
.32 
< 
3 ’ ? M o t ts S M 
5 
14*. M tV M il I 2o 76 
4' ? M o v S ta r 
44 
7 
I 
M o v le la b 
3’, M u lti A m 
3’* N ap co im N a rd a M 
12V. N at C S S 
5 
N D istr 
2'%11 16 N a t H lt h E 
2m 
7m 
12' ? 
13 tm 
4 rn 
6 U 
19' # io m 
3*4 
3U 
2 '* 
3 4'? 
15’* im 
36’ ? 
16’* u rn 
18’ % 
24+* 
7 rn 
3 
IAU 
5 
5 n m 
5 U 

8 
17 
2o 
9 
41 
16 
7 
26 
2o 
39 
23 
2o 
9 x 82 
16 
4 x 17 
8 
1o2 
N et Ind w t 
8o 
V * N K in n e y 
124 
6 
N tP a ra q 
X 
5 
672 
A*. N tP a te n t 
VI 
844 
2’, N tS ilv e r 
15e 
6 
4 
2*4 N tS p in n g 
37 im N a tS y s T 
9 
47 
W D N a tw H o 
32 
A 
13 
3*. N eisrter 
42 
IV. N e lly Oon 
J im N elson 
L B 
29 
14 
1*4 N e s t L M 
14 
71+4 N E N u c lr 
SO 
12x1o3 
IO' ? N H a m p X a l l 
165 
’ ? N ld r ia 
,o4e 
8 
315 
IS’* N M e x A r 
98 
147 
9+? N P ro c 
63e 
9 
119 
IV ? N Y T Im e s 
AO 13 229 
6-*% N e w b E n 
2o 
5 1o84 
14 
N e w co r lb 
A 
16 
3 H N e w p rk im N e x u s 
U t 
6 l i m N la g F S v 
SA 
5 
2*. N ic h o ls 
.271 
4 
J 
N o e l in d 
5 
3 U N olex 
3o 
2+% N o rte k 
o4 13 
13 16 3 16 N o A m M f w t 
IA U 
8 
N o rA m R 
IO 
IO 
9 U 43 16 N o r C d n O l l 
5+? 
2'% N o v o C p 
I V ? 
3 
N u c lD fa 
49 
12+4 
8*4 N u m a cO 
21 
6 U 
3 m O E A In c 
2o IO 
13m 
A ’ * O a k w d H 
o9r 
4 
21 
13' ? O ffs h o re 
4 
A U 
4 rn O h io A rt 24a 7 
46 
2 8 '. O h io B 
2a 4 
1 7 '. 
6+x 
Oh S e a ly 
X 7 
IO’ . 
4 U O H a ln d 
2oe 8 
23m 
14*. O n L in e S 
14 
SI 
31 O O kie p 
12i 
3 '. 
I O r ia in a la 
IO' 7 
4 O r fo le H o 
7’* 
I 
O rm a n d 
JI 
16' ? 
IO U O S u llv n 
X A 
8 
3+4 
O u td r Sp lOe 13 
17"b 
A*. 
O v e rh D r X 8 
3+* 
2m O v e rsS e c 
2m 
I O x fo rd Ft 
4’ % 
2 m O ia r k A 
1oc 
5. 

3 ", 
I 16 
1*4 is m u rn 
15*4 is m 
15'? 
14’ * 
3o'. x m 
13’ . 
29 
25U 
25 
2 5 ? 
76U 
25’ * 
27 rn 
I3+* 
13' ? 
54m 
5/m 
92 
W H 
6 3 ', 
35 
2 ', 
7 rn 
6 em n m 
3 U 
26m 
4m sm 
7*4 
7 
S U 
2’* 
9+* 
37m 
7 u r n 
S '* im 
75’ , n m 
8'% 
S H n m 
8'% 
4 U 
11*4 
4<% 

I U P 
F in d 
'% P N B M R w t 
' . P S A ln e wt 
IAU P G E A p f I 5o 
U m P O E p it 37 
17’ . P G E S p t I 25 
1 2 ', P G R d pf I 25 
13 
P G p f A 
I 25 
12U P G 4 8 p fl 2o 
26U P IO I8pf2 54 
76m P IO 46pf 2 67 li m P G 4 5 p fl 12 
74 U P G 9 4p*2 37 
J im P G 8 3pf2 OS 
2o’ # P G E R p f 
2 
2o' i P G 7 8pf I 96 
22+% P G C 9pf2 75 
71*. P G 8 lp f7 o4 
73*. P G 9 2pf 2 32 ll * . P G 4 Jpf I o9 
4 U P H o ld g 
16 u 
P a c L t pf 4 5o 
45' 4 P a c L t pf4 75 
73 m P a c L t pf 7 64 
U ' 7 P N w T e l I 32 
52 
P a c P L p f 
5 a * . P a l I C o rp 
X 

92 
J 
75 3 16 
76 7 U 
54 
18’, 

13 
P a lo m r F 
125 
3** P a n d e l B 
4 
3 
P a n ta s t 
X 
8 
4 H P a r a P k 
2oa 
5 
7 H P a rk C h 
48a 
I 
I U P a r k E l lOe . 
1 8 ', P a rso n s 
8o 
A 
7m P a tF a s h 
4 
J . P a t agon im P a to C G 
4 
4 
P e e r Tu 
2oa 
8 
4' 7 Pe rn cor 
2o 
4 
1*4 Pen n D ix wt 
A U Pe n E M 
6oa 
7 
IV 
P e n T r I 2ob 
A 
J U P E C p 
68t 
Si 
9+4 Pen R IE I IS 
8 
2m P e n o b S 
2oe 
6 
H P e n tro n 
A 
17m P e p B o ys lb 
5 l l 
P e p C o m 
6o 
4 
4"* P e rin i 
3oa 
J 
3 '* P e r tee 
9 
A '* P e t r o L e 
IV 
1 
S ’* P h il L D 
J4e 
J 
2 m P h o e n ix 
_ 7*, P ic N P a y 
JO 
7 iW P ie d m o n t In 
5 
J * , 11 H P io n e e r s 
W H 
6 
P ion Tex 
8o 
6 
S H P ltW V a 
56a IO u r n P it D M I 2oa 
6 
TSH P ittw a y I X 12 
15m P l ae r D v 
8o 14 
A U P la n t Ind 
1|'% P la n trn 
o8 14 
J*% P ly G e m 
S it 
7 
V ? P ly m R u b A to 
P n e u S ca 
8o 
7z 
I'* Pol or on 
S '* P o ly ch r 
JVI 

 am 
32 
42' I 
26U 
I V , 
IJ H 
4U 
2*4 u r n 
4' , 
T H i v , is m 
6' i am 
26 U 
4 
4*9 w m n m sm n m io u 
2m 
5 
4 rn 
54 
V t 
5 
?*% 
P it im 
7 H 
7 U 
4sm 
S+4 
3 im 
13 
5+% n m 
22'* 
24 urn im 
6+4 
75 
2' I l l n m 
2o 
3’ % 
2 H 
7 io m 
J is*» i 

J ' 4 P ra irle O 

 l l 
I 
13 
2*4 
I U 
I U 
IU 

 l l 

P r a ft L m b 
I 
4 U P ra ttR d 
M 
A H P r a t tR Pf 66 
H i* P ro n H a I 12 
7*. P re s R e a lt A 
P re s R tB 
P re s le y 
P re sto n 
7o to 
I 
P r lm M t 
12f 
I U 
P rp C T I 2oe 
IO TI 
P ro v G a s 
8o 
I 31 
P rd R I E 
U 
21 
2*. P ru d B d g 
24 S 
17 
7*4 P r u d G p 
31 
45 U P S C o l pf 4 25 
I X 
2 U P u lf e H 
7 111 
2' ? P u n ta G 
13 is 
4' i P u re p e r 
o3e 13 
IV 
5 
Q uebec or 
A 17 
4’ % B B m d 
5 59 
I** R E D M 
7 
IS im B f T 
34 x m R E T pf 4 X 
14 
I’ . R H M e d 
6 39 im R P S p ro d 
54 W im R $ c m d 
9 i i 
5 
RL C C p na 5x1o6 
J '* R econ 
W a 
5 AO 
A U H a g a n B 
IS# 
5 2*3 
13' i R a n e h fx 
23 RI 
12m R a n g r O 
57 
3o7 
IO*. R a n s b rg 
.M 6 
82 
U R a p d A m w t 
28 
J ’ t R a th P lim 
J H R a y m P r 
X 22 
"* R e a d in g 
U U R e a lEsT I x 13 im R u in e r w e s n m R ttR e f 2 We 
9 im R e tk a w 
JI im Re#v e s t 
3 m R a t n g T r 
6 i m R e g a l B 
52 9 
H R e tG rp wt 
I I H R e m Ar 
M a 
6 h R e p H o u s 
V,% 3 37 R e p M f In 
79 . l l ' * R a p N Y m 5 
22 
2’ H li m 
R e sch C tt OI U x lV I 
24*. 
U 
R a sls tftx 
6o I 
171 n m 
J 
R e s r t s A 
IV 
276 t i m 
2 H R e s e ts B 
37 |2oo tm i 
P o s t Asse se 
J** rn R e x N o r t 
. 
67 s m 
2 H R ib le t P d 
6 
31 
I im R ich to n 
26a 
3 
I U 
2 4 H lo rn R 'le y C o 
7 
371 
3 7 ', a m R lo A ig m t l l 
I 
J im i m R iS d o n M to lo 
775 
29H l i m R o b n tch 
253 
4’% 
7*. R o b !'n 
4 
111 
U U t m R o c k w a y 
I 
I x ie 
4*# 
2 H R o c o r 
J 
13*% 
I** R o g e r s 
24 
J H 
I H R o n co T 
6 
36 
S H 
7* / R o ssm r 
$ 
H R o y B o s n F d 
.» 
7 
I 
3 
R u d d ick 
D e 4 l l 
7'% 
4' 2 R u d ic k pf 56 
I tm 
I 
R g s r o 
1o7 
IO 
I 
R u ss e ll 
X 4 
17 n m s h h u s k it x • 
157 
7 5H 
IS H R y a n H 
5o l l 
324 

16 J 16 J H 

 im 

 rn 9 h 

 a i m 
G Sn, l*H I I L . n m l o s t pf i to tm 5 M D m d 
4 U S lP t n d lie 
7m S T P C p 
M 
I '» Sa I et ran 
I H Salem 

J ' , I P r B 
■ U S F I 
IU 
■ i l a t 
X * San J A im im se ?n#| im Sauna,L 
JO e m Sen ate t se 
6 H Sch a»u > t 
M a 
I* I Schiller 

W 
' 
Iv n u 
I 

 im u 
Tm f v* 

Y e a rly 
H ig h la w 

IO** 
A H Sc hoot P 
X 
7 
3 
8’* 
S U S ch ra d e r 
X 8 
78 
3*% 
IV* S c lM g f 
o9e IV 
24 
21V* 
IO'/* S c iA tt a .1212 x v i 
769/* 
» m Scope In ,5oe 4 IWO 
17 
W m S c rlv n e r .7o 5 
3 
71'% n m S c u rry R l l 
56 
9*4 
A * , 
SbdAIM II 
5 ', 
2 '* 
S e a lcfro 
I ', m Seaport 
4’* 
V t S ee prt pf 
4 H 
I ’* S e a r s ln d 
15+4 
7 m S ea sn A lt 
26 IO 
3 '*1 3 16 S e c M tg ln 
5 16 3 32 S e c M t ln w t 
8 ', 
4'% 
S e la sC p .3o 
7 
J l l 16 S e lig A s s c 
6*4 
3rn Seen ten 
181 
6 H 
3 ', S o rv isco 
. X 
8’* 
2' ? Servo 
8 ’/* 
5*% S etonCo 
45 
4’ % 
2 H S haerS 
25e 
U H 
W H Sharon 
17*4 
7m S ha w m 
4'/* im S h e ik R 
8*b 
3’ i 
S hndCp 
24t 
5 
33 
W k , S henanO 
32 
3 ’ i 
I H S h o p w e ll 
16 
1 9 ', 
12+, Show bot 
I 6 
5 ', 
I H S h u lm T r 
8’ * 
5*% S ie rrc in 
14 
8 H S ifc o ln d 
7’* 
5 ’* S ig m a 
8 *i 
V t S ilo Inc 
3’* 
2 * i S im co S 
IO’* 
6 
S im k in s 
3'/* 
I ' , S im p le x 
Ind 23 
2 U im S ifk ln S R 
4*4 
1*i S olltron 
IO’* 
9 ’* Sender Br 
37 
5 
A' ? 
3m Sorg 
P a p e r 
15m 
12 
Soundsn 
We 

Soles 
(bds I H ig h la w 
N e t lo s t C h g. 

X 
4 
18 l l 
56 .. 

I 
SOb 

W 
X 
2oc 
6 
25b 16 
6o 
$ 

AV 
27 
4o ylAOO 
3 
215 
413 
97 
4o 
18 x IO 
9 
25 
4 
29 
69 
31 
2o9 
IO 
W7 
14 
4 
IO 
36 
12 
6 x33 
33 
TV 
8 
41 
2 
156 
41 
3o 
141 
S oe stC ap 
6o 22 x 15 
I o2 
I I H SC4 apt 
I o6 
I I H SC4 3pf 
1o8 
12+, SC4 7pf 
1.19 
18+i S C E O p fl 68 
15’ . SCS 8pf 
I 45 
14’ . SC5 2pf 
I X 
24*% SC9 2pf 
23’ * SC8 8pf 
81*4 S C E pf 
VV/* S C E pf 
VA H S C E pf 
9 
S w s tA lr 
2*4 S w tG F In 

2 X 
2.21 
7 58 
8.7o 
8 96 
13c 
W 

I 
15 
36 
21 
Z75o 
89 
11o 
67 
157 
VI 

6 rn 
7V* 
2 H 
IV 
25'* nm 
W H 
9m 
3m im 
4’, 
3 ’ * 
15V* 
3 
Vt am im 
5+4 
6+4 
6+i 
7 H 
3 H n m 
8’ * 
2+4 
A H 
27m 
3 
16+4 
2’* 
6 *4 
9"% 
7 H 
7 H 
3 m 
9 
2*4 
I H 
2 H io m 
4+4 
15+4 
8 * 4 
12+, 
13H 
13H 
15 
22 
18+* 
17’ * 
27’ * 
27 
93 
AA 1o3 

4 
. l i t 12 in d 
o8e 
8 
.32 
5 
X 
6 

I 
6 
15r 
4 
.9o 
4 
5ot 15 
7 

5 
%>arfek 
X 
Am 
4 '* S p e c ify R 
S H 
5 H Spector .W e 
A rn 
2+4 S p e ctro 
12t 
2’* 
I H S pe dO P 
J 
9 16 S p e lz m n 
8 ' > 
3*4 S pencer 
9*4 
5Vt S p e n c rF 
7v* 
4 ’* S plentex 
8 *4 
J** S ta ffrd L 
17+, 
1 2 ', S td A lln 
7*4 
4 H S tdCont 
17’ ? 
13+? StdCoosa 
J H 
7’* S td M o ti 
17'* 
9 
S td M o tA 
6o 
IO’* 
3+* S td P a c C p 
2 6 'i 
15'? S td P ro d I 2o 
I 
’ ? S td P ru d wt 
27H 
21** S td S h rs 4or 
IS 
8 ’ * Stange 
12 
7 H 
5*4 Stan A v 2oe 
13'% 
IO*# S ta r Sup 
.76 4 
7 H 
I 
S ta rd u st 
Inc 
19 lim S ta rr!H o 
36 A n m 
7V* Steel m f 24b 5 
19*. 
12 
S tepnCh 
6o A 
7 H 1 3 16 S t e r lE l 
13 
3 ', im S te rlE x t 
IO 8 
A H 
2' ? S te v co k n lt 
4 
IO’ ? 
6*. 
S tru tW 
3ob IO 124o 
7*. 
4' ? Sue Ann 
24 
8 
55 
I ’* 
H S u m m it O rg 
7 
35 
4+? 
3+? 
S u n C lty I 
25 A 
6 
2o*4 
1 3 ', Sun E le c 
6o IO 197 
5 '* S u n a lr 
4.5e 
7 

34 
15 
5 
12 
22 
57 
76 
152 
4 
174 
4 
9 
5 
26 
21x13o 
1 
4 
12 
2 
6 
8 
5 
16 
6 
63 
96 
13 
58 

1o3 
2 8H 
4’ * 
1o+4 s rn 
8 
4 H 
V t 
2915 16 
86 
4 H 
6*4 
6 H 
5*4 
17 
5 *4 
15'* 
4 
17’* 
IO 
2 1H rn 
2 6H 
U H 
6’ * 
12 
V * urn sm 
16*, 
1H 
3 
4*4 
1o*4 
5 
I Vt t'- t 
2o*4 
9’* 
8 ’* Sun d an c 
W b 36x198 IS H 
S H S u n s h jr 
24b 
J 
S H S u p F d S v 32b IO 
7 
17 
4*% i m 
5 H 
3 H 
11*4 

2*4 S u p e rc r .1oe 
4 
4 
S u p ln d l .12b 
7 
3 H S up Su rg 
9 im Susqueh 
A*# Susquhan pf .. 
H S u t r M tg w t 
.. 
45 9 16 
4 H S y n a lo y ,3ob 
5 176 
TV# 
W 
S yntax 
X 
9 4166 21’* n m Sysco C P 
28 
6 
7 4 15 
4’* S y stE n g 
27 
67 
A’ , 
V * T F ICP Inc 
7 
4 im 
3 U T a lle y ln w t 
3 
4 
IO** T a n d y B r 
4 
47 
13’ , 
'r+7 T a sty 
I W a 
7 
5 
IS’* 
H I ach Sy rn 
116 
7’ % T e ch O p 
3 
I H Tech T a p 
4 1 X 5 
2 H Tachtel 
16 
3 
IVV 
14+* T e jo n R 
W a 2o x6o 
3 '* T e le C m 
22c 
6 
244 
8' ? T e le fle x 
32* 
8 
'* T e le xC p wt 
2'% T enna 
A 
4Vt T enneco w t 
I 
T e n n ey E n g IV 
’* Tensor 
C p 
125 
IO ', T e ra d y n 
27 
9 
T e rra C 
8o 
A 
7 H T e x sta r 
o7e 
8 m Thor Cp 
2 m T h o ro fa r 
26 i m T h r D D p t 
3 

6*4 
6m . 
6m 
6 * 4 - i * 
2m 
2 * 4 - r n 
IS H 
18*4— rn 
25 V* 
25'4. 
13H 
13m + " H 
IV iv m + rn 
8*4 
9+% + rn 
3 
3'% + 
’ % 
I H i m + rn 
4*4 
4 H + rn 
3m am + rn 
14 
14 — 
*8 
2 rn 
3 
+ rn 
7 32 
Vt + 1-32 
5*4 
4*4 + 
I im i m 
— r n 
5 
5*4 + 
’ % 
6+% 
AW— '% 
S H 
5 H — iv # 
T H 
7 V,+ rn 
3*> 
3 H — rn i s m 
13H — 
Vt 
S H 
B H — m im am + rn 
6+5 
6 H — rn 
25H 
25+%— rn 
2*8 
3 
+ .. r n is m 
16 
- 
.*% 
7 H 
2*%— 
H 
6 
6 m - rn 
9 H 
9 H + 
’ i 
7’ % 
T H + 
+% 
7 ', 
7 H ri 
3 H 
3 rn * 
■ 
Vt 
8+4 sm it . ■ 
2'% 
2*4 + 
- +4 
I H i*%— rn am 
2m — 
*8 
IO*, io m + 
*, 
4'% 
4*4— rn 
14 
14*4— rn 
•rn 
8*4 F 
•rn 
12", 
IT W — 
+4 
1 2 ', 
12"*— i rn n m 
13H + rn n m 
14 
... >, 
21*4 
21” % - r n n m 
1 7 H — v% 
16H 
16’ 8 
26m 
2 7 * 4 - 
'rn 
25 rn 
26+%— 
■ V t 
VO", 
VI 
J 
4 
1o2 
1o2’, + 
V t 
1o3 
1o3 
+ 
2 + 4 
25H 
25’/# - 
2 H 
4*4 
4*4— rn 
W H 
1o*4 + 
+# 
5 H 
S H — 
Vt 
7*4 
7’%. 
4'/% 
4 m - 
' n 
2 
2 
- rn m i5 16 
4 
4 
+ 
' rn 
6 
6*4. 
6*4 
6 H sm 
S H ­ rn 
16", 
IT 
+ rn 
5*4 
5’m - 
H 
14’ % 
14*4— 
+4 
3 H am f r n 
16*4 n m 
9+% 
9*4— 
+% 
21 
2 1H + 
+4 r n m + i 16 
2 5H 
2 5+ *- rn 
14 
14H + r n 
6m 
6*8. . 
11+/4 
1 1* 4- rn im 
1’%— rn urn 
U + % - 
H 
8 
8 
— 
'a 
15H 
IS H — 
H 
I H 
I H — rn 
?m 
3 
J rn 
4 
4'%+ rn am 
IO 
+ i 
4 rn 
4 " ,— rn im 
1+4 
. . . 
4 
4 
.. 
IV 
1 9* 4- rn vm 
9’/ * - 
H u 
14 
— 
*4 
7 
7 
+ rn 
16*4 
17 
+ rn 
4*4 
4*4 — rn 
6'% 
6 H + 
+% 
5’% 
5 * ,.. 
3 H 
3 H 
IV , i v , + rn 

Th rift I m f 
2 
T id w e ll 
5' , T iffa n y I 
W 
3 
T im p te 
11*4 T o kh e im no 
43 
Tot E d pf 4 25 
75’ , T o lE d pf7 76 

IO 
IO 
68 
11o 
7 
4 
X 
694 
4119 
9 
74 
18 
IV 
6 
97 
111 
713 y175 yl5o 

I 
3 
3 + * 
5 
17*4 
S H 
15H 
+4 
3 ' ? 
7’% im im 
13*4 
I J H 
7m rn 
2 H 
3 ' i 
B U 
2 H 
8'% 
J 
26’ , 
49+4 
84m 

 rn 9 1 6 ........ 
I * , 
A H — 
' * 
W+4— 
I it u*%— rn 
6'%— 
H 
I H .......... 
4 
— rn i3 * ,+ rn 
18*. ___ 
I 
- rn 
3 
.. 
3m * rn 
4*%— rn i6 m + rn em + rn is 
- rn rn— m a 
3*4— rn 
7 
— 
H im ...-* .. im — rn u h — 
12+,+ 
7 H + 

W 
14*4 
6*1 
I H 
4 
1 3H is m 
I 
3 
3'% 
4’ % 
1 6*4 
8 
15 

3*4 
7 
V , im n m 
12+4 
7H rn 
2' ? 
3 m a 
2H am sm 
22H 
48*4 
$4m 
IO y9X 1o8*, 1o7 

2 H + 
3 rn f 
8 
- 
2H — 
8 
+ 
7 
+ 
25 
+ 
49 
+ 
84m + 
1o7',+ 

*% 
1*4 rn 

 rn 
IU 
I Vt 
3 rn 

6 H T o ppsG u 
28 
B H T o rm C p 
X 
8 
115 
T H 
7 
7 H + 
'4 
7 
7 n m 
13*4 
U H 
4"# T o ta l Pe t 
9 
465 
8+% 
7*4 
7*4— 
14 
5 16 T o t P e t w t 
189211 1625 16 
2 H - 
Vt 
W H T o ta l pf 
7o 
26 
W+4 
15*4 
15*#— . 9% 
1 H T o w n C try 
33 
2 H 
2’ , 
2’ , 
I H T ra n s L u x 
37 
2 ', 
7 H 
2’ ,+ rn 
2 H T re d w y 
o5r 
B H T r iS tM t r 
8o 
4 
13 
3m 
3 
3 
— rn 
7 
27 iom 
1o+4 
I O '* - 
*4 
3+4 T rlc o 
1oc 
9x444 
T H 
Am am— rn 
V i T u b o sM 
17e 
77 
2 im im — rn 
3 
T u ftco 
2oe 
6 
14 
6 ', 
A H 
6 H — m 
W H T u rn rC 
1 44 
7 
2o 
25’i 
24’/# 
24m— 
+» 
3 
T w in F a ir 
6 
141 
3 H 
J 
3*4 + rn n m U B I 
I 2oa 
3 
SA u rn n m 
13 m - rn 
3 
U iP C p 
16 
I H U N A C p 
5 
87 
3 ", 
S H 
3 H - 
*4 n 
2+% 
2 
2 
2’ % U R S C p 
2oe 
3 H U V ln d wt 
8 
54 
4 im 
4 
+ 
*4 
788 
5 U 
4 
4 
— 
1+4 
3 m U n im e x 
2o 
284 
•rn 
Tm 
8 
— 
*% 
I*# U n im a x pf 
74 
$ 
A H 
4*6— rn 
7’ , U n G a s A 
69 
9 
5 
9 H vm 
9’ %— 
H 
2 U U nion Inv 
27 
IV 
4 H 
4 H 
4 H + 
Vt 
B H U n A ir P d 
56 
7 x7 
V U 
9 H 
9 H 
15 16 U n A s b s t 
5 
2o1 
3 H 3 5 16 
3*%— 
'* 
H U n B r a n d w t 
97 9 16 rn rn . ll* # U n C o sF n 
X 
7 
IS n m 
U H n '% - rn 
I 
U n F o o d S 
172 im 
1 H im * rn 
U N a tC p 
41 
I H 
I H 
I H 
I 32 U N a tC p w t 
6 5 32 3 32 rn 
Jm U P ie c e D 
IO 
3’ , 
S H 
J H — rn 
5+4 U SBcpTr 
15 vm 
9 
9+%— rn 
S H U SFiltr 
24 
9 2398 u rn 
U '4 
13’% + rn 
5'% U nR ltT 
83e 
U 
1o4 
S+4 
• +, 
SH 
I 16 U n R ltT wt 
74 
*% 5 14 5 1 6 - 1 u 

V t U S N tR s 
5 
465 
5 *4 
4 m 
5 
I H USRdlum 
175 
14 
S H im 
1+*- rn 
7 
U SRbR la 
I 
25 u rn 
U H 
14*4 -f 
H 
IS 
Unitefc 
3o 
1$ 
IT 
32 
37 
32 
;m UnltyBuy 
7 i i n m l l ll 
— 
<4 

J 
Univ Cig 
OS 
4 
U 
3 am am .. 
’ 4 UnivCont 
U im im 
IH 
4'# U nlvRs 
2oc 
IS 
41o n m 
15+, 
H+b— rn 
6'# UnivRun 
44 
5 
9 
IO vm v m .. 
5’ b UnvSav __X 
4 
X nm 
12+# 
U H - 
' , 

V - W 
7 

OST 

X b 
I 
We f 
12 l l 
27 
9 

 vm 
6 '% vaiiesSt 
671 
IJH 
SH V e lm a , 
TO 
S ', 
3'% Valspar 
28 
?’ i 
I ' , V L D v C 
o2c 
1oH 
5*4 VanDorn 
44 
IS 
A' > Veeco 
32a 
5 im V e n t 
J5H 
23U Verm ntA 
7m im Vernitron 
2H 
'* V e rtip le 
5H 
2 H Vesel y 
3m im V ia l ach 
I U 
H V ik m g G 
V t 
J 
VlntageE 
4 H 
2 U V ish a y 
3’ b 
V t VisualG r 
3m 
2 vol Mer is m 
7H Vopie* 
72a 
S'» im VulcnCp n u am vuicinc 
. x 
IAU ti 
Vulclncnt 
I 
6 
2rn W TC Inc IO 
7 5', 
IS'? WUIInc 
8o 
13U im Wabash 
2Se 
9H sm Wocknht 
X 
4H 
IH W adeiEq 
IO 
9 H 
7'* Walnoco 
24"* 
U'% WalcoN 
6 
?m W alla, S 
W 
IO' * Wang Lb 
ISH 
9m W angLB 
V t 
H W ardFds wt 
S'* 
7 
Wards Co 
7'% 
J 
W are p*C OS 
2SU 
71+4 Was Psf B 36 
25H 
U U W RIT 
I 76 
6 
7m Watsro 
W 
3+* 
I H Welmon am s' ? w , ia r ua n m 
7*4 W estChP x 
SS’ ? 
47' t WTex p*4 X 
I ’ ?41S lAWstDcal 
IO 
VU 
6 '* W stFinl 
15a 
V U 
I 
Whippny 
X 

7 
4' , W h ita k e r 
X 
3+4 im Whitahail im rn W h itta k r wt im im wichita 
9 m 
A ', Wmhous 
JI 
4*4 jm WI lion Br 
X l l ft* W ink!mn to 
4+* 
I ', Winston Mil 
$4', rn 
WISP pf 4 X im im wolf 
How e 
SH 
I 
Wood ind im rn Wool Lf lit# 
51, W o ,,s ic n m 
6+4 Work Wr 
4o 
A 

*' , 
3'% Wrather OSe 12 

X 
4 
47 
9 
7 
79 

I 
33 
6 x 78 
5 l l 
32 
8 x 32 
II 4718 
14 
17 
13 
7 l l 
IV 
49 
SI 
6 x iv 
47 
62 
VO 
44 
U 
1o$ 
292 
$37 
199 l f 
385 
3 
115 
411 
•4 
I 
1o2 l f u T 
28 
I ll 
IV 
AO 
I X 
22 
53 
36 
JI 
134 
2*9 l l 1o93 

5 
B 
I 
T 
7 
3 
I I X 
36 
TV 
13 

6+4 l i m 
5 
J H io m is 
2 * 4 
24'% 
7 im 
3' a 
3m 
I 
2 U 
S H 
3 
2*% is m 
4m 
9 H 
IS 
3 H 
2SU n m 
7H 
7m 
9 
22m 
5’ i 
16+4 
IJH 
H 
4H 
SH 
24', 
25H 
4 ', 
2*% 

 f e 
55', 
7*4 
7H 
7H sm 
2m 

6*4 w m 
4m 
2 * 4 vm 
U H 
2 '% 
23*4 
1 
I H im 
2+4 
15 14 
2 
3 
?m im n m 
4'% 
9 ', 
U H im 
24 m n m 
4m i m 
7m 
22H sm 
ISH n m 
H 
4 
5 
23*. 
74m 
4H 
2’ * 
4H 
I H ssm 
7 
7H 
4 * sm am 
H 

AH 
11+4 4 
4 m - 
2U 
IO 
4 u r n — 
2*4 4 
2 J V - 
6m 4 i v 
. . . 
I V - 
3’ ,+ I 
I i 
- 
3*4 4 am 4 
T n t- is m + 
4 rn am 

IS 
+ 
H i m . . . 
24 H 
H n m r i u 
7**4 
U l h 
, rn 
I 
- I 
22V 4 rn 
S H — 
+4 is m * h 
13 
4 
U 
H - ... 
4 — 
H 
5 
- 
+* 
24 
— 
*4 
25**4- rn 
J m 4 rn im 4 rn 
♦ rn - rn i v 
- rn 
S S ', 4 
H 

7 H , " m 
A 's - IU sm- m 
7**4 
U 
V 
— rn a*#— rn i v - 
H 
4 H ------- rn 

H W rlghtM 
JH W ylo la b 
7 
Wynnln . 
9' ? W ym Bn 
12 
Xonics 

6 im i 
4 ', 
4'% 
7m 
7*% 
IH 
IH 
. . . 
5) s i 
S3 
4 in im f t 
4 jm t m 
o4a l l 
I t l l U IS U U U 
24 
2 i 
P it i m r n . . i i i i n m n m ~ 
» 
4H im 
4 H 4 
IO 
12 
H i t 1413 U 
21 
$ u s sm 
SH sm 
I Sa 
4 211 lim lim n m - 
54 i si ii+ , i j h i|h _ 
342 
17'* n u IAH 4 

Y - Z 

W E E K L Y A M B R IC A N IT O C K SA LU S 
UKai tor w ow 
.. 
I3U9o.ooC i s w i o J f i 
17.41118 
94.S9o.ooC 
99,73118 b o n d s a l e s 
*7 sx.ooo 

Week ago 
Year ago 
. . . . . . . . . . 
Jan I to date ............... 
.197a lo date 
W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N 
Total for week 
.Week ago 
Year ago 
.................. 
17,VOO, OOO 
14 ,o19 OOI 

 e a h u r v 
H i l l ! 

N E W Y O R K (A P) 
U S Treasury Bills tor Friday 
Qua 
Bid Ask Y id 
1977 
2 17 
4 X 4 32 4 JO 

2 24 
4 SI 4 32 4 )9 
J I 
4 X 4 JI 4 IS 
3 1 
4 SO 4 21 4 IS 
I IO t t i 4 25 4 32 
3 17 
4 47 4 77 4 IS 
J 24 
4 47 4 27 4 IS 
111 
4 t i 4 21 4 14 i f 
4 St 4 M 4 44 
4 7 
4 SI 4 14 4 4S 
4 14 
4 S3 4 X 4 X 
4 l l 
4 St 4 4| 4 SI 
4 21 
4 i i 4 41 4 SI 
S I 
4 42 4 SO 4 41 
I S 
4 Al 4 SI 4 62 
S U 
4 41 4 S7 4 49 
S N 
4 44 4 $4 4 44 
5 26 
4 AS 4 SS 4 *7 s i t 
4 47 4 SS 4 X 

I ) 
4 47 4 Sr 4 7o 

I 9 
4 14 
4 l l 
I M 
4 3o 

7 U 
7 l l 
’ I* 
7 JI 
I 4 
I ll 
I 
9 

4 X 4 SA 472 
4 TO 4 X 4 74 
4 TO 4 A1 4 TS 
4 73 4 A1 4 76 
4 74 4 44 4 X 
4 7| 4 X 412 
4 M 4 TO 414 
4 l l 4 72 4 X 
4 13 4 73 49o 
4 l l 4 TS 4 92 
4 14 4 74 4 94 
4 13 4 TV 4 97 
4 X 4 TV 491 
4 VS 4 IS S OS 
41o S U 
IO ti 
4 VS 4 « SII 
U IS 
S 8 4 94 S 14 
I? ll 
S o4 4 RI S 22 
197| 
I W 
I 
7 
S M I 
Subiacf is f adoral 
•a*as but not lo 

 i f l f I i n , om # 
■a*o|. 

 i 
* 

S o n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S — 
S o t u r d o y F e b r u o r y 1 2 
1 9 7 7 

Investment trusts 

N E W V O R K (A P ) - W eekly tnves~tlng 
Companies giving the high, low and las! onces tor the week w ith the net change fro rn the previous week's last price 
411 quotations, supplied by the National 
Association of Securities D ealers, 
Inc reflect net asset values, at which securities could have been sold 

AG E Fund 
Acorn Fd n 
Advanfnv n 
Aetna Fund 
Aetna In com Shr 
A futureFdn 

5.51 
14 TO 
IO o3 
7 4* 
13 o2 
9 23 
A llA m er Fund unavail 
A ilstateS tkFd 
Alpha Fund 
A m B irth rg h tT r 
A m E quity Fd 
A m erican Funds 
Am Balance 
A m cap Fund 
Am M u tu al Fd 
BondFd Am 
C apFd Am 
G row th Fd Am 
In come Fd Am 
* InvCoA 
N ew Persp Fd 
W ashM utl Inv 
Am er G eneral : 
AGenCap Bd 
AG enCap Gth 
AGen Incom e 
AGen V enture 
E quity Grth 
FundO f Am 
P rovident Fd 
A m G row thFd 
Am Ins&lnd 
Am Investor n 
A m ln v ln c F d 
Am N at G row th 
Anchor Group 
D aily Incom e 
G rowth Fund 
Incom e 
Spectrum 
Fun dm Invest 
Washing Nat 
Audax Fund 
Axe H oughton: 
FundB 
Inc rn Fnd 
Stock Fund 
BLC G row th Fd 
Babsonlncom n 
B absonlnvm tn 
B eaconH lllM t n 
Beacon In vn 
Berger Group 
ICO Fund 
1o1 Fund 
Berkshire Cap 
Bond stock Cd 
Bost Found Fd 
B rw nFd H aw aii 
Calvin Bullock 
Bullock Fund 
Canadian Fnd 
D ividend Shrs 
M onthly Incm 
Nation W ides 
N Y V enture 
CG Fund 
CG incom eFd 
C apitP resrv Fd 
CenturyShr Tr 
Challenger Inv 
Charter Fd Inc 
Chase G r Bos 
Fund 
Frontier Cap 
Sharehold 
Special 
Cheapside Dollr 
Chem ical Fund 
C N A M gem tFds 
L ib e rtyF u n d 
M anhattan Fd 
Schuster Fd 
C olonial: 
Convertible 
Fund 
G rw thS hr 
Incom e 
Colum bG rth n 
C om w thTr A (SB 
C om w lthTrC 
Composite B&S 
Composite Fd 
Concord Fd n 
Consolidat Inv 
ConstellnGth n 
C ontM utlnv n 
CountryCap In 
DavidgeFundn 
"teVegntMut n 
D elaw are Group 
Decatur Inc 
D elaw are Fd 
Delchester Bd 
Delta Trend 
D irectors Cap 
DodqCox Bal 
DodgCxStk n 
D rexel Burnhm 
Dreyfus Grp 
Dreyfus 
E quity 
L everag e 
Liquid Assets 
Special Incom 
Tax E xem pt 
Third Century 
E agleG rth Shr 
E a tm AHO w ard. 
Balance Fund 
Foursquar Fd 
G rowth Fund 
Incom e Fund 
Special Fund 
Stock Fund 
EdieSplG thn 
EdsonGld n 
Egret Fund 
E lf un Trusts 
F a irfie ld Fund 
F a rm Bur Mut 
Federated Funds 
Am Leaders 
E m p ire Fd 
Fourth E m p ir 
Tax Free 
Fid elity Group 
Bond Deb 
Capital 
Contrafund 
D a ily Incom e 
Destiny 
E quity incom 
M agellan 
M uni Bond 
F id elity 
P uritan 
S alem 
T h r ift T ru s t 
T re n d 
F in a n c ia lP r o g 
D y n a m F d n 
In d u s tF d n 
In c o m e F d n 
F s t in v e s to rs 
D is c o v e ry 
F u n d G ro w th in c o m e 
Stock F u n d 
F s tM u ltA m n 
F s tM u ltD ly 
F o r ty F o u r W II n 
F o u n d G ro w th 
F o u n d e rs G ro u p 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
M u tu a l 
S pecial 
F r a n k lin G ro u p 
O N TC 
G ro w th 
U tilitie s 
In c o m e Stk 
, U S G o v t Sec 
R e s rc h C a p it 
R e s rc h E q u ty t r a n k ln L f E q ty 
F d F o r M u tD n 
F u n d p a c k 
F u n d In c G rp 
C o m m e rc e F d im p a c t F u n d 
In d u st T re n d 
P ilo t F und 
G e n E lS & S P r F d 
G e n S e c u rit n 
G ro w th ln d n 
H a m ilto n 
F u n d H O A 
G ro w th F u n d 
Inc 

H a r tw e U G r th n 
H a r t w it L e v e r n 
H e r it a g e F und 
H o ld in g T ru s t 
H o r a r e M a n n F d 
IS I G ro u p 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
T ru s t S h ares 
T ru s t U n its 
Im p e r ia l C a p F d im p e r ia l G rth 
In d u s try F un d 
Tnt In v e s to rs 
In v e s t o r In in v e s t In d ic a to r 
In v e s tT r Bos 
In v C ounsel 
C a p a m e ric a 
C a g it S hrs Inc 
In v e S to rs G ro u p 
ID S B o n d 
ID S G ro w th 
*' ID S N e w D im 
M u tu a l inc 
* 
P ro g re s s iv e 
Stock 
S e le c tiv e 
V a n a b le P a y in v e s t R e s e a rc h is te iF u n d ln c ly y F u n d n 
JP G r o w lh F d 
•a n u s F u n d n 
John H a n c o c k 
B a la n c e 
Bond 
G ro w th 
John sin M u ! n k e y s to n e F u n d s 
A p o llo F u n d 
In v e s t Bd B l 
M en GBO BJ 
Disc B d B4 in c o m F d k I 
G ro w 'h F d K 2 
H iG r C o m S I 
In c o m S tk S2 
G ro w th S J 
L o P r C o m S * 
P o la ris 
L a n d m a r k G in 
L e x in g to n G rp 
C o rp l e n d e rs 
L e x m g tri O r th 
I ex m g In c o m 
1 
Irx in g tn R s n 
•I ite ln s (n y l i n c o l n N a b 
S e te rtA m n 
I 
S etaciS p acn j.o o m .s Sayias 
, 
C a p ita l n 
M u tu a l n 
L o r d A ut) et t 
Att I alert F d 
* 
Bond D e b 
* In c o m e lu t h e r a n B ro 
I Fund 
I In c o m e 
, M u n ic ip a l 
. U S G o v t Sac 
M e s s e c h u te tt Co 
* Freedom Ed 
* in d e p o n d F d 
* MasA f a 
M a s s F m e n c l 
M IF 
* M IG 
M ID 
M F D 
M C D 
. 
M F § 
M a t h e r > E n d n 
V t c « > 
M i R d y A s 
M id A m a r 
M g n e y M k M g i n 
M O N Y I o n d 

8 S3 
1oS9 
9 82 
5 TS 

8 15 
5 53 
9 84 
15 24 
6 4o 
4 44 
16 46 
14 13 
16 oo 
7 IO 

9 OI 
4 12 
6 53 
11 31 
6 64 
6 59 
3 96 
5 66 
5.o7 
5 46 
12 33 
2 83 

VOO 
6 5 2 
7 48 
4 52 
6 81 
9 91 
7 85 

7 93 
4 93 
6 o5 
1o 46 
I 8o 
9 42 
8 49 
9 41 

7 47 
9 3o 
8 16 
4 88 
9 58 
3 55 

13 o6 
7 62 
3 12 
14 87 
1o IO 
11 21 
9 73 
8 55 
VOO 
1o 72 
1o 28 
14 44 

6 X 
3 64 
7 47 
5 45 
11 68 
7 36 

4 55 
2 56 
7 51 

9 IO 
9 51 
4 81 
8 84 
15 IS 
99 
I 48 
9 OB 
7 69 
12 52 
1o 25 
5 86 
6 61 
11 69 
7 61 
X 
94 

12 23 
11 39 
9 42 
4 96 
4 o6 
22 48 
16 35 
9 74 

12 o? 
5 5o 
15 48 
1o OI 
7 25 
15 SI 
13 o1 
IO 14 

8 42 
8 52 
8 57 
6 o8 
6 IO 
9 17 
16 4o 
9 26 
IO 76 
14 4o 
9 83 
8 2o 

9 o4 
19 16 
17 88 
12 9o 

8 93 
8 33 
IO 85 
I OO 
9 47 
15 79 
23 o8 
1o 45 
16 17 
11 13 
4 84 
IO 48 
21 42 

4 85 
4 39 
7 94 

5 96 
6 58 
8 59 
8 47 
8 37 
1o oo 
16 64 
4 OI 

4 46 
12 61 
8 99 
• 72 

6 71 
5 41 
4 77 
1 7* 
9 74 
2 38 
3 33 
8 36 
8 15 
8 55 

8 83 
8 23 
1o 72 
I 29 
26 X 
9 V 
17 49 

4 27 
• 74 

7 82 
11 13 
7 41 
I 34 
I OO 
15 X 

4 63 
3 49 
1o 39 
7 81 
I l l 
7 15 
I 13 
7 53 
8 68 
I 56 
IO 28 

8 *o 
6 o7 

5 97 
5 37 
4 65 
9 16 
3 o6 
IS 93 
9 SI 
* 4 2 
5 19 
19 45 

1o 62 
17 61 

I 99 
19 46 
5 75 
19 86 

399 
17 9o 
19 56 
• 46 
7 66 
5 12 
11 13 
9 57 
7 59 
3 75 
I 27 
7 rn 

14 27 
8 54 
X 64 
11 T i 
I 21 

7 IO 
12 94 

X 16 
12 97 

• l l i i 32 
I 56 

X 64 
9 29 
X o7 
916 

• l l 
’ * 
X 68 

I t ! 
14 61 na 
IS 5* 
I I ti 
:* 

5 35 
14 33 
9 93 
7 37 
12 98 
9 o6 

8 47 
1o 62 
9 73 
5 o 8 

8.o5 
5 5o 
9 74 
15 23 
6 32 
4 59 
16 25 
13 9o 
15 79 
7 OO 

9 OI 
4 o8 
6 51 
11 15 
6 55 
6 53 
3 94 
5 SS 
5 oo 
5 37 
12 X 
2 79 

I oo 
6 46 
7 42 
4 46 
6 7o 
9 76 
7 76 

7 85 
4 93 
5 95 
IO 36 
1 8 o 
9 31 
8 37 
9 31 

7 22 
9 18 
8 o6 
4 84 
9 54 
3 45 

12 84 
7 57 
3 o7 
14 84 
9 99 
11o5 
9 57 
8 55 
I OO 
1o 58 
1o 19 
14 o6 

6 22 
3 56 
7 37 
5 34 
11 49 
7 26 

4 47 
2 52 
7 4o 

9 o6 
9 4 3 
4 77 
8 84 
14 98 
98 
I 47 
8 96 
7 62 
12 33 
1o 12 
5 67 
6 48 
1155 
7 36 
X 51 

12 o9 
11 21 
' 4o 
4 85 
3 98 
22 23 
16 17 
9 64 

11 BO 
5 39 
15 14 
1o OI 
7 21 
15 47 
12 81 
9 92 

8 32 
8 36 
8 43 
6 o7 
5 99 
9 o 1 
16 27 
9 IO 
1o 6o 
14 22 
9 68 
8 ll 

8 95 
19 o5 
17 81 
12 89 

8 91 
8 25 
1o 68 
I OO 
9 37 
15 57 
22 9o 
1o 44 
15 95 
11 OI 
4 79 
IO 47 
21 IO 

4 74 
4 34 
7 85 

5 91 
6 49 
8 55 
8 28 
8 26 
IO OO 
16 32 
3 92 

4 41 
12 46 
8 86 
8 58 

6 6o 
5 35 
4 68 
1 75 
9 71 
2 32 
3 23 
8 21 
8 o9 
8 41 

8 71 
8 14 
1o 61 
8 IO 
25 14 
* 15 
17 27 

4 21 a as 

I 77 
IO 95 
7 X 
I 33 
I OO 
IS l l 

4 58 

 l2 IO a Ta 
8 o6 
7 12 < 
3 o 9 
7 X 
8 AO 

Last 
Cho 
5 3 5 - 
14 33 - 
.34 
9 93— 
.12 
7 37— 
.ll 
12 98— 
o3 
9 o6— 
23 

8 47— 
o8 
IO 62— 
o9 
9 73— 
o9 
SOB— 
o8 

8 o5— 
.1o 
5 51 
9 74— '.IO 
15 23 + 
OI 
6 32— 
.o7 
4 59— 
.o4 
16 25— 
.22 
13 9o— 
.22 
15 79— 
.14 
7 OO— ll 

9 OI + 
OI 
4.o8— 
o5 
6 51 l l 15— 
19 
6 55— 
o9 
6 5 5 - 
.o6 
3 94— 
OI 
5 55— la 
5 OO— 
o6 
5 37 - 
o9 
12 32 F 
OI 
2.79— 
.o3 

I oo . 
6 46- 
o7 
7 4 2 - 
.o5 
4 46— 
o6 
6 7 o - ll 
9 76— 
16 
7 .7 6 - 
IO 

7 8 5 - 
o7 
4 93 
5.95— 
IO 
IO 36— o4 
18o 
9 31— .12 
8 3 7 - .o7 
9 31— o8 

7 2 2 - 
26 
O I S - 
o8 
8 o 6 - 
IO 
4 84— o3 
9 5 4 - OI 
3 4 5 - 
IO 

12 8 4 - 
7 5 9 - 
3 o7 - 
14 8 4 - 
9 9 9 - 
11 o5— 
9 57— 
8 55— 
VOO 
IO 7 o - 
1o lo­ l l o6— 

6 2 2 - 
3 56— 
7 37— 
5. I t ­ l l . 49— 
7.26— 

4 47— o7 
2 52— .o4 
7 4o— o7 

9 o6— 
9 4 3 - 
4 7 7 - 
8 84 + 
14 98— 
9 8 - 
1 47— 
8 96— 
7 62 - 
12 3 3 - 
1o 12— .13 
5 67— 
17 
6 4 8 - 
18 
11 55— .12 
7 3 6 - .25 
3o SI— 36 

1o ^7 

 a 77 
$ 84 

5 87 
5 28 
4 58 
8 IO 
3o1 
11 72 
8 57 
6 16 
$ OI 
18 o7 
6 o8 
IO 44 
17 4] 

I 83 
18 44 
5 65 
18 64 

182 
17 84 
18 44 
8 43 
7 63 
5 OS 
17 8o 
8 46 
7 54 
3 67 
3 22 
6 87 

14 l l 
« l l 
X 61 
U IS 
6 81 

7 OO 
12 84 

8 84 
12 14 

I ti 
I I JO 
3 54 

X 53 
8 27 
IO o7 
815 

8 o1 
7 12 
1o 58 
SI 
11 TS i f 12 
14 l« 
Ii o! 
I t «7 
' J I 

Mto t 

12 o9 — l l 2 1 - 
9 4o— 
4 8 5 - 
3 OB ­ 
IT 2 3 - 
16 17— 
9 64— 

11 8o— 
5 39— 
15 14— 
1o OI 
7 a i­ ls si + 
12 8 1 - 
9 92— 

8 32 - 
8 36— 
8 43— 
6 o8 + 
5 9 9 - 
9 Ol­ la 27— 
9 IO— 
1o 6o— 
14 2 2 - 
9 68— 
8 ll — 

SOS— 
19 o5— 
17 8 1 - 
12 89 

8 9 1 - 
8 2 5 - 
ID « 
- 
I OO 
9 37— 
15 57— 
22 92— 
1o 45 + 
15 95 - 
11 OI — 
4 79— 
IO 47— 
211o— 

4 74— 
4 I t — 
7 85— 

5 8 3 - 
6 4 9 - 
I 58 + 
I 21 
I al­ lo oo 
16 3 2 - 
3 9 2 - 

4 41— 
12 46— 
8 8 6 - 
8 5 8 - 

6 * o — 
5 IS - 
4 6 8 - 
1 7 5 - 
9 72 + 
2 37 + 
3 2 3 - 
8 23 
8 1o— 
I 4 1 - 

1 7J- 
8 19— 
1o 6 1 - 
8 IO— 
25 8 * ~ 
9 IS— 
17 2 7 - 

4 21— 
6 6 5 - 

7 77— 
1o 95 - 
7 3 1 - 
1 33 
I OO 
IS I l ­ 

 l s # - 
3 47 + 
IO IO— 
2 7 2 - 
• o 6 - r 7 12— 
3 IO 
7 4o + 
8 6o + 
151 + 
IO 17— 

8 77— 
5 94— 

$ 97 + 
5 28— 
4 4 8 - 
9 l f - 
3 OI - 
18 7 3 - 
9 57 + 
6 3 6 - 
4 Oi­ ls o7— 
6 o 8 - 
1o 44 — 
17 4 3 - 

8 9 3 - 
19 4 4 - 
5 AS­ 
IS 6 4 - 

3 9 2 - 
17 8o + 
IS SA ♦ 
8 46 + 
7 61 
5 O S - 
17 SO 
9 46 
7 4 4 - 
1 6 7 - 
3 72 
6 8 8 - 

14 17— 
8 IB ­ 
IS Al — 
14 84 
6 98 

7 OS­ 
IS 84 

9 84 
12 8 4 - 

8 l i ­ lt JO 
3 44 

X IS 
9 27 

W 
' - 

 u 
14 48 
11 75u 
13 O I- 
12 1 7 -ii 
9 o 8 

MSB Fund 
M utual Benefit 
M IF Fund 
M IF Growth 
M utuetot O m aha 
A m erica 
G rowth 
Income 
M utual Shrsn 
N E A M utual 
Natllndustn 
N at Secur Ser 
Balanced 
Bono 
Dividend 
Growth 
P referred 
Income 
Stock 
N E L ife Fund 
E quity 
Growth 
Income 
Side 
N euberger B erm : 
Energy n 
G u ard la n M n 
Partners n 
N eu w irth F d n 
New W orld Fd 
Newton Fund 
New tonlnvst Fd 
N icholasFdlnn 
Nom ureC apFd 
Noreastlnv n 
NuveenFd 
Om ega Fund 
O neW illiam ri 
Oppenheim er Fd 
Oppenhm Fd 
Opp Inc Bos 
Mony Br 
Tax Free Bd 
A IM 
Tim e 
O ver Count Sec 
P ara m l M utual 
Paul Revere 
PennSquare n 
P ennM utual n 
P hila Fund 
PhoenixCapFd 
Phoenix Fd 
P ilg rim G ip 
P ilg rim Form 
P ilgrim Fd 
M a g n a Cap n 
M agna Incom 
PineStreetn 
Pioneer Fund 
Fund ll 
Planned Invest 
P ligrow th Fnd 
PH trend Fnd 
Price Funds 
G row thFd n 
Incomen 
N e w E ra n 
New Hor i en n 
Tax Free 
P roFund n 
Provider O rth 
Pru SIP 
P utnam Funds 
Convert 
Equit 
George 
Growth 
Income 
Invest 
Vista 
Voyage 
Rainbow Fdn 
ReserveFd n 
Revere Fund 
S afeooE quitFd 
Safeco G row th 
Sc udder Funds 
Intl Fund 
M M un i Bd 
Special n 
Balanced n 
Com m ons! n 
M anageR es n 
Security Funds 
E quity 
Invest 
U ltra 
Sentinel Group 
Apex Fund 
Balanced Fd 
Common Stk 
Sentinel G row th 
Sentry Fund 
Shareholders Gp 
Comstock Fd 
E nterprise Fd 
Fletcher Fd 
Harbor Fund 
Legal List 
Pace Fund 
Shearson Funds 
Appreciation 
Income 
Invest 
SierraG th n 
Shrm nDean n 
Sigma F unds 
Capital 
Invest 
Trust Sh 
Venture Shr 
Sis Kem per 
Kem p incom e 
K em p M onM k 
Kem p Mon Bd 
Sup Growth 
Sup Incom e 
Sup Sum m it 
Technology 
S m tnB arE q tn 
S m thB arlB G n 
SoGen Int 
South wstn Inv 
Sou th wn Inv Gth 
Sovereign Inv 
S p e c tra l do 
State BondGr 
Com m on Fd 
Diversified F 
Progress Fd 
S ta tF a rm G th n 
S ta tF a rm B al 
State St Inv 
Steadm an Funds 
A m erin d n 
AssoF Trust n 
Invest n 
Oceanoqra n 
Stein Roe F d s . 
Balance n 
CapOpn 
Stockn 
Surveyor Fd 
T e m p t th Can 
T e m p ln vF d n 
Transam Cap 
Transem Invest 
Travelers E qFd 
T odor Hedge n 
.OihCent G rth 
2othCentlne 
USAACapG thn 
U S A A lncFd 
USGovt Secor 
Unit M utuel 
Unifund unavad 
Union SVC G rp 
BroadSt Inv 
Net Invest 
I 
Union Capitol 
I 
Union Inc Fd 
United Funds 
Accum ultlv 
Bond 
Cont G row th 
Cont Incom e 
Incom e 
Science 
V angu ard 
UnitSvcsFdn 
V alue tin e F d : 
Value Line 
Incom e 
Levrged G rth 
S pec' Sit 
Vance Sanders 
I n c o m e 
Invest 
Common 
Special 
Vanderbilt O rth 
Vanderbl! incm 
Vanguard G roup 
E xplorer Fnd 
Fst Index 
Ives! F und 
M organ Fund 
Trustees fcq 
W eiiesiey Inc 
W ellington Fd 
West m in Bd 
Windsor F und 
V or'ed Indust 
Wall St G row th 
W eingrtnE q n 
W m th eid G rw th 
Wisconsin incm 
* - No load t und 

14 64 
14 48 
U. 4 8 - 
.12 
9 o3 
8 91 
8 93— 
IO 
8. 67 
8 55 t. 5 5 - 
o9 
3 82 
3 76 
3 76— 
o6 

 ll 
71 l l 68 l l 6 8 - 
.o6 
4 o7 
4. OI 
4 o1 — 
o6 
9 48 
9 42 
9 42— 
o5 
28 19 
78 IO 
28 15 + 
OI 
8 25 
8 12 
8 12— 
.12 
IO 77 
IO 58 
IO 5 8 - 
.21 

9 53 
9 46 
9 46— 
.o5 
4 AO 
4 59 
4 6o + 
OI 
4 15 
4 13 
4 1 3 - 
.o2 
5 AO 
5 55 
5 55— 
.o5 
7 48 
7 44 
7 46 + 
OI 
5 56 
5 51 
5 5 1 - 
OS 
8 37 
8 26 
8 26— 
o6 

16 TO 
16 75 
16 75— 
.12 
8 54 
8 44 
8 44— 
IO 
13 94 
13 92 
13 9 2 - 
OI 
13 15 
12 96 
12 97— 
22 

14 72 
U 47 
14 47— 
.24 
28 21 
27 81 
27 Bl— 
32 
E. 45 
9 29 
9 29— 
.14 
8 IS 
8 o9 
8 o9— 
OS l l OO 
IO 89 
IO 8 9 - l l ll 35 l l 
JA ll 3 2 - 
o2 
9 98 
9 94 
9 94— 
.o3 
14 26 
14 14 
14 14— 
12 
9 58 
9 51 
9 5 3 + 
.o6 
15 o5 
15 o3 
IS o3— 
OI 
9 56 
9 56 
9 56 
IO 24 
IO 12 
IO 12— 
o6 
13 74 
13 64 
13 64— 
IO 

4 29 
6 19 
6 19 — 
o9 
8 64 
8 59 
8 5 9 - 
o6 
OO 
I OO 
.oo 
IO 38 
IO 36 
IO 3 7 . 
OI 
9 35 
9 18 
9 18— 
.17 
7 17 
7 o9 
7 o9 
o8 
12 o2 ll 98 
12 o2 + 
o4 
8 7o 
8 56 
8 5 6 - 
13 
6 o7 
5 98 
5 98— 
.o7 
8 IO 
8 OI 
8 D I­ 
o8 
3 TO 
3 69 
3 TO 4 
.o3 
J 13 
6 98 
6 98— 
.16 
8 o6 
7 93 
7 93— 
.14 
9 56 
9 46 
9 46— 
o9 

12 97 
12 69 
12 6 9 - 
33 
8 15 
8 23 
8 2 3 - 
o2 
3 47 
3 43 
3 43— 
.o4 
9 3o 
9 26 
9 26— 
OI l l 
28 ll o5 l l os- 
.21 

13 91 
13 75 
13 75— 
14 
15 16 
14 96 
14 96— 
18 ll 4o l l 
26 ll 2 6 - 
.12 ll o5 
IO 94 
IO 97— 
.1o 
7 81 
7 72 
7 7 2 - 
o6 

IO 12 
9 99 
9 9 9 - 
13 
9 98 
9 9o 
9 98 4 
.o6 to w 
IO 82 
IO 8 2 - 
15 
6 94 
6 88 
6 9o— 
.o2 
IO IV 
IO 16 
IO 19 4 
.o3 
5 97 
5 88 
5 88 - 
.o7 
7 7o 
7 63 
I 6 3 - 
.o5 
9 78 
9 62 
9 62— 
,17 

 l l 83 ll 66 l l 65— 
.15 
9 68 
9 57 
9 58— 
14 
13 93 
13 79 
13 79— 
.13 
IO 37 
IO 24 
IO 2 4 - 
15 
8 OI 
8 OO 
8 o1 4 
OI 
7 7o 
I 35 
7 35 
36 
9 87 
9 TS 
9 77— 
.14 ll 79 l l 6o l l AO- 
26 
J o4 
I 98 
I 98— 
.o6 
OO 
OO 
OO 
5 49 
5 43 
5 43— 
.o3 
8 83 
8 73 
8 7 3 - 
.o8 
8 69 
8 65 
8 65— 
.o7 

13 15 
13 OI 
13 OI— 
o9 
IO 34 
IO 32 
IO 34 + 
.o3 
23 99 
23 7o 
23 TO—- .23 
15 o7 
14 74 
14 74— 
.28 
9 49 
9 31 
9 31— 
.21 
IC o4 
1o o4 
IC .o4 

4 o4 
3 89 
3 8 9 - 
14 
7 43 
7 33 
7 33— 
.o9 
IO 29 
9 97 
9 97— 
32 

3 64 
3 57 
3 5 7 - 
o8 
8 o8 
7 TO 
7 9 o - 
19 
12 54 
12 2o 
12 2 o - 
35 
8 16 
8 o4 
8 o4 — .14 
12 o7 l l 92 l l 9 4 - 
15 

5 78 
5 73 
5 74— 
o5 
5 37 
5 26 
5 26— 
o5 
5 35 
5 3o 
5 3 o - 
o6 
8 AB 
8 64 
8 64 — 
o2 
6 67 
6 62 
6 6 2 - 
o4 
IC 36 
IC 19 
IC 24 

I* 94 
16 74 
16 74— 
14 
19 oo 
IR TO 
18 TO - 
24 
IO 19 
IO OI 
IO Ol— 
18 
8 7 7 
8 69 
8 69— 
o7 
18 56 
18 39 
18 3 9 - 
19 

8 69 
8 58 
8 5 8 - 
o9 
IO 54 
IO 39 
1o 3 9 - 
IS 
8 78 
8 TO 
8 7 o - 
o8 
IO 25 
IO o4 
IO 25 + 
19 

IO 73 
IO 72 
IO 72— 
OI 
OO 
OO 
OO 
IO 67 
IO AO 
IO 62 + 
o2 
7 OB 
6 96 
6 9 6 - 
.13 
9 87 
9 77 
9 7 7 - l l 
IO 78 
IO IT 
IO 17— 
.14 
7 28 
7 15 
7 IS­ 
.14 
9 77 
9 68 
9 AS— 
.o6 
12 8o 
17 6o 
17 6o— 
21 l l OI 
IO TO 
IO 9o 
IO 
7 89 
7 81 
7 SI­ 
o7 
4 9o 
4 8o 
4 SO— 
o7 
12 13 l l 9o ll 9 o - 
23 
4 69 
4 57 
4 57— 
12 

4 29 
4 25 
4 25— 
o4 
4 98 
4 95 
4 95— 
o7 
3 89 
3 85 
3 85— 
o3 
5 98 
5 87 
5 87— l l 
9 S 
9 37 
9 37— ll 
42 77 
42 39 
42 45— 36 

2 3o 
2 27 
2 27— .o3 
IO 
IO 
IO 
I 43 
I 39 
I 3 9 - 
o7 
6 28 
6 13 
6 1 3 - 
15 

17 64 
IT 36 
IT 36— 
32 
8 53 s 31 
8 31 — 
2o 
12 IF 
12 18 
12 18— 24 
8 76 
8 62 
8ST­ 
16 
12 31 
12 IO 
12 IO— 23 
oo 
OO 
OO 
7TR 
7 IS 
7IS— .1o 
9 32 
9 29 
979- 
o4 
IOI 
9 93 
993— OB 
13I 
13 Al 
13 Al — 
23 
4 8 
4 U 
4 1 2 - 
18 
5 76 
5 62 
5 6 2 - 
13 
7 72 
761 
761 — ll ll 94 l l 91 ll 91 — .o2 
9 8o 
9 78 
9 7 9 - 
8 32 
8 23 
8 23— 
o9 

 ll 97 l l 8o l l IO— 
16 
6 2* 
6 2o 
6 2 o - 
OE 
IOH 
'o *7 IO67 — 
21 
12 84 
12 7* 
12 76— o7 

6 3o 
6 26 
6 JA— .16 
7s 
7 34 
7 35 — 
o4 
9 OO 
8 95 
I 
9 5 - 
.15 
9 a. 
* 4o 
9 4o— 
.o4 
IO *3 
IO 54 
IO 54- 
o9 
5 5o s 45 
5 46— •I* 
5 IT 
5 12 
5 1 2 - 
.o6 
1 42 
I 36 
I 4o + 
.o8 
7OI 
6 86 
6 86— .13 
571 
$ 13 
5 13— 
o9 
9 36 
9 IT 
9 IT- 
IS a25 
4 72 
4 22- 
.o3 

13 59 
13 57 
13 SZ­ 
OI 
7 13 
7o7 
7OT— 
o3 
19 
6 34 
6 34 
8o3 
796 
79 6 - 
o6 
3*3 
3BT 
3 87- OS 
4 o4 
399 
3 99— os 
IB17 ITTO IT 99— 
14 
14o2 U 8o 
13 BO 
22 
753 
7 46 
7 46— 
IO 
IO98 
IO91 
IO 91- .o7 
9 14 
9 o8 
9 o 8 - 
o3 
12 16 
I ll 
12 11— 
o5 
9 94 
9 87 
9 87— o* 
62 
>61 
>61 
IO al 
IO 31 
IO I t ­ 
o7 
3 53 
3 48 
3 al - 
.o4 
6 ■ 
6 JI 
A 71- . l l ll oJ 
IO79 
IO 79— 
19 
7 » 
7 U 
7 ta ­ 
OS 
5 37 
5 31 
5 l l — 
o6 

N E W Y O R K 
Y e a rly 
High 
Low 

(A P ) Week s tw enty m ost' active stocks 
Week's 
Sles 
High 
Low 
Last C ho 
78’to 
57U 
Gen Motors 
. 
1,458,7oo 
75’ 7 
69+4 
69 U - 
4+» 
2oH 
14', 
G ulfW stn 
I 324,2oo 
15+4 
14' 7 
15 U + 
U 
12o+« 
TO’ to 
East Kodak 
I o39.7oo 
74+4 
TOH 
7 1 + 4 - u 
26’ , 
13’to 
OccidenPet 
SBA IOO 
25’ » 
24 U 
2 4'to - u 
28’to 
2o+4 
FlaP o w L t 
845 5oo 
27U 
25U 
25 U — 
I ’to 
I 
56'to 
36'ii 
Dow Ch 
817 BOO 
37'to 
3 *U 
S u — 
34’to 
M U 
In tTelTel 
799,9oo 
34+4 
33U 
34+4 + 
I 
19+» 
IOU 
M a rrio tt 
791,5oo n u 
IO’ 7 
1o+4 + 
U 
56’to 
47+4 
Exxon 
791,4oo 
53’ * 
51U 
S IU — 
1+4 
3o 
23+s 
Texaco Inc 
789 OOO 
28 H 
27 U 
27 V - 
I 'to 
18' j 
AU 
InexcoO il 
757,8oo 
18' , 
I6 U 
1 7 U h 
U 
79+4 
61'to 
Sears Roeb 
752.3oo 
64* s 
62 
63'to + 
1+4 
79+4 
51’to 
Int Paper 
735.ooo 
STH 
51'to 
5 2 U — 
4+4 
8’ , 
' , 
G lfW ln d w t 
73o.7oo 
I U 
I U 
IU 
1o+to 
7 U 
Sony Corp 
......... 
A m T ei BTel 
7o6 6oo 
9 '* 
SU 
9 
64+4 
5o’ a 
684,9oo 
63’ to 
62'to 
63+to- 
'A 
AO', 
49+4 
A tlR ichfl 
676.8oo 
57+4 
55’ to 
56U + 
1+7 
43+4 
31+4 
K resgeSS 
661,1oo 
35’ » 
34' 7 
34+w - 
'to 
3o'to 
18’to 
RCA 
657,2oo 
2 8 j 4 
27+4 
27’ to + 
1 I 
62+4 
48+X 
C a te rp T r 
656.2oo 
52+» 
48+4 
49 U — 
2 U 

N E W V O RK 
Y early 
High 
Low 

(A P ) — W eek's A m erican leaders 
W eek's 
Sale 
High 
Low 
Last Chg 
AO’ to 
32’ j 
H ouO ilM 
929,2oo 
55’to 
48+7 
4 8 + 4 - 
SH 
7 '* 
2U 
V ern itro n 
471 8oo 
7 
6 
6 +4 4 
U 
36+4 
2o 
SyntexCorp 
416 6oo 
21’to 
2o’ 7 
2 o U - u 
7’ » 
2' b 
T exstar Cp 
Husky OII 
411 9oo 
7’to 
7H 
7 U + 
I U 
23’to 
16' , 
4o5,5oo 
23’to 
2o’to 
22+7 * 
I U 
2 
’ > 
A lld A rt ind 
.3o1,ooo 
I ’to 
I U 
1U -- u 
14' , 
8’ to 
US Filte r 
........ 
239 8oo 
14+7 
13+4 
13’ to-F 
'to 
38 
8’to 
CK Petrol 
233.2oo 
38 
32+4 
37 f 
2'to 
38+4 
12’to 
Kew anee In 
191.4oo 
38+4 
36 
36+» J 
'to 
3+4 
IU 
Intl Bn knot 
172,7oo 
3 U 
3+» 
3 U + 
U 
Averages 

W H A T TH E STOCK M A R K E T D ID 
Two 
T M s P re v .Y e a r Y ea rs weekw eekago ago 
7o2 
91o 
1267 
1174 
1145 
9o5 
243 
274 
2o9o 
2o89 
167 
229 
44 
48 

Advances 
Declines 
Unchanged 
Total issues 
New 1976 V highs 
New 1976 77 lows 

631 
171 
2o69 
526 
4 

634 
2o4 
2o12 
87 
3 

W E E K L Y SALES 
ThitW eek 

NY Stocks 
N Y Bonds 
Am erican Stocks 
Am erican Bonds 
M idw est Stocks 

ThisW eek 
A Y ea r Ago 
111,23o,ooo 137,785,47o 
$93,SM,OOO $12o,o63,ooo 
15,49o.ooo 17,611,3o5 
$7,5X,ooo $6,o19,ooo 
5.545.ooo 6.35o.ooo 

W eekly N um ber of Traded Issues 
N Y Slocks 
2o9o 
N Y 
Bonds 
1574 
Am erican Stocks 
1139 
Am erican Bonds 
126 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - Dow Jones range of prices for the week 
STOCK A V E R A G E S 
O pen 
H ig h L o w C lo s e Chg 
Indus 
946 31 946 31 931 .42 931 52 - 1 6 37 
Trans 
228 19 228 19 224 24 
224 24 - 3 54 
Utils 
1o9 47 1o9 53 1o6 o8 
1o6 o8 —3.1o 
65 Stks 
311 93 311 93 3o6 IO 
3o6 IO — 5 84 
BO NO A V E R A G E S 
2o Bonds 91 36 
91 47 91 33 
91 33 + o 18 
Utils 
97 o5 
97 o7 96 95 
96 95 + o.14 
Indus 
85 68 85 88 85 68 
85 72 + o 22 
C O M M O D IT Y F U T U R E S IN O E X 
391 58 395 54 39o 41 391 SS + 2 29 

N E W Y O R K 
(A P ) 
— 
Standard and 
Poor 's W eekly SOO Stock Index 
M i^h 
Low 
Close 
Chg 
4oo Indust 
2o Trans 
4o Utils 
4o Financial 
5oo Stocks 

14 37 
53 98 l l 78 
IQI 89 

111 25 
14 o4 
52 SB l l 68 
99 74 

111 2 5 -1 84 
14 o4 + 3 o 
52 58— 1.32 ll 75 -o o7 
IOO 22— 1 66 

Chg 
+ 5'a 
+ 2+fc 
+ 
+ 6 
+ 3 
VY 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - The follow ing list shows the N ew 
Y ork 
Stock 
Exchange stocks and w arra n ts that have gone up the most and down the most in the past week based on percent of change regardlessof volum e 
No securities trading below $2 a re incl uded 
Net and percentagechangesarethc difference between last week s closing price and this w eek's closing price 
UPS n a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
P ct. 
Menaseo 
23’Y 
+ 5' s 
Up 
28 5 
D illinghm 
12’Y 
' 
A peed Corp 
2 
Bates M fg 
34'+ 
Ranco Inc 
17s* 
Technicolr 
7' a 
L ib rty L n pf 
7+b 
C lark Oil 
18Vx 
Seatrain Lin 
IO 
SanJuan Ra 
9V« 
Lib ty L o a n 
3Vx 
Atico M fg 
2Vx 
Fst Miss Cp 
IS '* 
Bucy E rie 
25'y 
Cam pRd Lk 
26 
A rm a d a Cp 
6 
Kysor Ind 
IS 
C a rte r Wall 
TH 
Inters! U nit 
6+« 
Sh el lr I 35pf 
22'i 
Shel ler Glob 
14 
ASA Ltd 
2o 
Col eco Ind 
7'/* nous Fabric 
8'y 
StdOil Ohio 
84'x 
DO W N S 
Nam e 
Last 
U n P a rk M in 
2’ * 
Elect 
Assoc 
2+e 
Un IT el wl 
2' b 
Coast St Gas 
15+4 
Interctl Div 
6'+ 
W ayne GOSS 
4 '4 
Geneseo Inc 
4*4 
GtW est Unit 
23'4 
N ew hall 
Ld 
17 
SuaveShoe 
4 'i 
M tF u el Sup 
42’ 4 
Unit Brands 
8*4 
Avnet ptC 
88 
W inter Jack 
15*4 
Elgin Natl 
22 
UnBrnd P IA 
13 
M a ry K a y 
IS’e 
Reserve Oil 
18 
U nE nR es 
26*+ 
Kan Neb N G 
21V* 
E lP aso Co 
14*6 
Benguet B 
2 
— 
'4 
A rctic 
Ent 
4 ** 
— 
M esP I 6opf 
35*4 
— 4 '» 
P atric k Petl 
13 
— V 

Ups and Downs 

I Vs 
2*4 
1 *4 
VA 
*4 
•A 
1*4 
2*4 
2*4 
*4 
VY 
*4 
*4 
2 
IV* 
1*4 
*4 
*4 
7 '4 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 

24.4 
23 I 
21 3 
2o.5 
18 8 
18 o 
16 8 
15 9 
15 6 
13.o 
12 5 
12 4 
12 2 l l 8 l l 6 l l I 
IO 5 
IO 2 
9 9 
9 8 
9 6 
9 4 
9 2 
9 2 

— 
'Y 
— 
*4 
— 2'Y 
— I 
— I 
— 
*4 
— 3*4 
— 2*4 
— 
*4 
— 6 '4 
— 1</4 
— 12*4 
— 2'4 
— 3 
— 1*4 
— 2'Y 
— 2 *4 
— 3' J 
— 2*4 
— 1*4 

Pct 
O ft 23 3 
Oft 17 4 
OH 15o 
Off 14 o 
O ft 138 
Off 13 8 
O ff 13 6 
Off 13 5 
O ff 13 4 
Off 12 8 
O ff 12 7 
Off 12.7 
Off 12 3 
Off 12 I 
O ff 12o 
Off l l 9 
O ff l l 8 
Off l l 7 
O H l l 6 
Off l l 5 
O ff l l 2 
OH 111 
OH IO 3 
Off IO 3 
OH 1o 3 
Dollar 

NEW YORK 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The follow ing is a list of the most a ctive stocks based on the dollar volum e 
The total is based on the m edian price af the stock traded m u ltip lied by the 
■hares, traded 
N am e 
T o t($1ooo) S ales'hdslLast 
IB M 
$112 2534173 267 
Gen Motors 
$1o5,938x U 58769'. 
East kodak 
$75 
638 1o397 71'4 
Sears Roeb 
$47 394 
7523 63' 4 
Am T e l& Tel 
$43,4o5 
6849 63'4 
Exxon 
$41,647 
7914 51*. 
Int P aper 
$4o,241 
735o 52*4 
A tiR ichfl 
$37 985 
6768 56*x 
Xerox Cp 
$34 
228 
6551 51*4 
Ford M ot 
$34,1o9 
5945 55’ J 

Chho 
I '4 
5'6 
V* 
1*4 
*4 
1*4 
I'4 
*4 
*4 
VA 
V , 
VA 
I'4 
2*4 
I 
*4 
I 

1*4 
*4 
1*4 

P ct 
Up 
556 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - The follow ing list shows the 
A m erican 
Stock 
Exchange stocks and w arra n ts that have gone up past week based on percent of change the most and down the most in the regardlessof volum e 
No securities trading below $2 are Incl uded 
Net and percentagechanqesarethe diHerence between last week s closing price and this w eek's closing price 
UPS n a m e 
L a s t 
1 
Viatech Inc 
3’ ? 
2 
Ecodyne 
16 
3 
Reading ind 
2'4 
4 
CHC Corp 
81 ? 
5 
Seaport pf 
4*4 
6 
Kenwln Sh 
8*6 
7 
Tlm pte Ind 
7 
8 
Reeves Tel 
2*4 
, 9 
Techcl Tape 
3*4 
IO 
Texstar Cp 
7*4 ti 
F ilm ways 
9*4 
12 
T iffa n y Ind 
8 
13 
IntSeaw y T r 
81 b 
U 
Voplex Corp 
15*b 
15 
Set as Corp 
6*4 
16 
Am Tech Ind 
S’ j 
17 
Lightolier 
7*4 
18 
Kleer VU In 
3*4 
19 
Salem Corp 
12*4 
X 
Anglo Co Ltd 
3 
21 
CW Transp 
14 
22 
Cohen H a ft 
2 
23 
Oesianc Jwl 
2 
24 
G IT Ind 
2 
25 
Helnicke 
2 
DOW NS 
Last 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 

47 I 
28 6 
25 9 
23 3 
22 4 
21 7 
21 4 
2o o 
19 6 
19 o 
18.5 
18.2 
17 6 
17 4 
15 8 
15 7 
15 4* 
14 4 
14 J 
14 3 
14 3 
14 3 
14 3 
14 3 

2*4 
2'4 
4 1 rn 
5*4 
6*4 
2’ J 
11*4 
8 *4 
2'4 
4*4 
2'J 
2*4 
32 
42 
7*4 
2 
2 
8 
IO'4 
48*4 
4+4 
22 
2 'b 
2'y 

Chg 
- 1*4 
- 
'Y 

- VB 
- I'A 
- 
' J 
- Jl/4 
- I "J 
- 
*4 

— 4+4 
— 5' 
— I 

- I 
- I* 
- 5* 

Nam e 
U V Ind wt 
Edm os Corp 
G arcia Corp 
T e c h n ifro ! 
Servo Corp 
W hippany 
Hofm 
Ind 
Gloucstr En 
Nat P aragn 
F a m ly Recd 
W ichita ind 
Alpha Ind 
Shulm nTr E 
D e v o n G rp 
M itchl E D 
Gent E xplor 
Com rce G rp 
V in tag e En! 
Wainoc Oil 
Nuclear O at 
HouO ilM 
Nat 
System 
F ly D ia Oil 
M arco Cp 
LeeN atl Cp eaders 

AM ERICA N 

N E W Y O R K (A t*) — The follow ing is a list of the most active stocks based on the dollar volum e 
The total is based on the m edian price st the stock trad ed m u ltip lied by the shares traded 
Nam e 
Tot($1ooo) Sales (bds IL ast 
MouOtlM 
$48,434 
9292 
48*+ 
Husky O il 
. 
$9,o73 
Syntex Corp 
$8,8oo 
C k P e tro l 
X , X I 
Kewanee In .................... $7,153 
M itc h lE O 
$3,585 
US F ilte r 
...........*3,327 
Falcon Sbd 
$3,323 
Texstar CP 
$3,192 
Vernitron 
43 o66 

2*4 

Pct 
OH 23 8 
O H 19 o 
OH 19 o 
O ft 17 5 
OH 17 3 
OH 16 9 
Off 16 7 
O H 15 9 
OH 14.5 
OH 14 3 
OH 13 6 
O ff 13 o 
O ft IJ S 
O ff 11,7 
Off ll 6 
O ff l l 3 
Off 111 
O ff l l I 
Off ll I 
O ff IO 9 
Off IO 8 
O ff 1o 8 
O ff IO 7 
O ff IO 5 
O ff 1o 5 

4o55 
4166 
2332 
1914 
799 
2398 
869 
4119 
4718 

22 
2o*4 
37 
36U 
42 
13'b 
36' 4 
7*4 
6*4 
Am ex Options 

Dividends 
FR ID A Y D IV ID E N D S DE C LA R E D 
Fe 
Stk of pay nod 
E a t* record owe 
IRREG U LAR 
Im p eria l G roup x 
3 l l 
615 
« Approx $ o46 
Siem ens A G A D R * 
3 24 
4 
7 
X Approx $2 45 per depository share 
STOCK 
Savannah Food* 
2pc 
3 14 
4 8 
IN C R E A S E D 
Cadillac F a iry w 
155 
2 28 
3 15 keith C lark 
IS 
J 14 
3 l l 
Pay N Save 
123 
2 23 
3 IS 
Research E q F d 
o15 
2 11 
2 15 
Sargent Welch 
1$ 
2 25 i l l 
Sysco Corp 
IO 
2 TS 
J * 
CORRECTION 
F * lM arch Bk 
* 
X 
3 3 
4 1 x com pany corrects payable date 
REGULAR 
Addison Wesley 
Q 
IO l l 
3 JI 
Allergen P h arm 
Q OS 
2 22 
3 14 
Anta Corp 
o o7 
2 23 
3 8 
^ 
B ridgton! Foods 
Q o4 
3 IO 
4 7 h r 
I CRS Design 
o r 
Cabot Corp 
Q 
Central Penn 
Q 
C im arron Invest 
Q 
C h ie n * A s tr 
Q 
Dover Corp 
Q 
El Paso E l 
Q 
E van * A riM ocrtt 
Est NU Clon 
O 
Flint note Co 
Q 
Mom esteke M ining Q 
14 
HOU Hon OGG 
Holton, EF inteyon Corp 
Investor G roup A 
I K err Mi Gee 
I king Kulten 
LOTA' Group 
I M anufacturer N tl 
M a ryla n d Cup 
Mc Don id s CP 
M o d *"st Ina 
NU Aviation Und 
Nthw *t E nergy 
O verhead Door 
P ark Chem ical 
P roperty Tr Am 
Rem ington Arm s 
R ival Mfg 
Savannah Foods 
Servitco 
Sfhwst Forest 
Sleave Shoe 
Thomas IndUSt 
T * ft any Indust 
Union Bancorp 
Q l l 
J 2 
Union E la l'r te 
Q 
U t i l 

F rid a y . Fed 
Option A price 
Feb 
A M F 
A M E 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A 
Avnet 
Avnet 
Caterp ta te rb 
Con Ed 
Coo Ed 
Dr Pep 
D r P ep 
E l P as 
Flaetw 
Fleetw 
G race 
G race 
La Pac 
La Pac 
La P ac 
La Pac 
M G IC 
M G IC 
N D is! 
Nort S 
Nor! S 
Penney 
Penney 
P en n e y 
Phil P 
Phil P 
Phil P 
Phil P 
Res O G 
R e* DG 
Res OO 
Searle 
Sear ie 
Simp P 
S im p P 
Simp P 
Sterlq 
Sterly 
Tennco 
Tennco 
Tennco 
Tennco 
Tiger 
Tiger 
Z enith 
Zenith 
Zenith 

 ll 
M ay 
2o211 16 
J U 
3 '• 
25 a 
7 16 l l 16 
15 
4’to 
5'to 
SU 
2o 
'to 
I U 
2 U 
25 
I 16 
U 
+4 
15 25 16 
2+4 
3 
2o 
I 16 
U 
13 16 
SO b 
2 ' ■ 
3 H 
55 a 
U 
17 16 
2o 
I ' 7 
I 
2+4 
I i b 
H 
U 
IO a 
3+4 
J U 
IS 
• 
7 16 l l 16 
IS 
3 16 
9 16 
H 
IS 
3 16 l l 16 
I'to 
2o a 
U 
7 16 
25 
4' to 
4' 7 
4 H 
3o 
I I* 
IS 16 
I U 
IO 
SU a b 
U+4 
9 16 b b 
15 
7 16 
IT 16 2 i 16 
2o a 
+4 
7 14 
15 a 
3 a 
2o 
I 16 
U 
I U 
25 
I 16 
H l l 16 
19’ , 
I 16 a b 
2o a 
U 
45 
I 16 IT I* 
* ’ ? 
SO a 
7 16 
I 
55 a a 
M A 
SO 
I I H 
U U b 
55 
6o a 
I 
AU 
JU a 
4 
7o a 
+4 
U 
IO a 
TU b 
15 
3 • 
3+7 
4 
2o 
H 
I'to lll 16 
IO 
I U 
JU 
2 H 
15 
I 16 
3 U 
U 
IO 
JU a 
4 
IS 
I 16 l l I* 
I 
2o 
I I* b b 
IS 
'to 
H 
I U 
2o a 
' > 
'to 
25 
IO b b 
3o 
5’ t 
SU a 
35 
•to 
I U 
I U 
4o a 
5 I* u 
IO 
I U 
2+4 
2 't 
IS 
1 i« 
14 
7 16 
75 
5 i t 
IT I * 
73 16 
3o a 
1 4 l l I* 
35 
1 1* 
H b 
Apr 
Jul 
Oct 
I i 
SH b b 
. 
3o113 1* 
7'to 
I U 
34 
VA 13 I* l l 16 
25 
I U 
4 
4 U 
IO u l l U 
I U 
TS 
4 H 
5+4 a 
3o l l I* 
I U 73 I* 

 n 
’to 
4 
U 
4+4 b 

JO 
U l l I* 
I U 
25 
I 
I U 
J 
JO 
I I * u a 
TO 
3 H 
I 
7+1 
SO 
U 
3 
I U 
. *o 
H i l l * 
17 I * 
IOO 
I I * b b 
2S 
AU 
AU b 
JO 21 I* 
7+«2U I* 
35 
3 I* 
•to a 
IS I * I* 
I U 
I U 
2o 
U 
J I* 
+♦ 
2$ 
4’to a 
4’to 
IO u 
IH 111 I* 
45 
TH 
4 U 
SU 
4AU 
2 
J U b 
SO IS I* 
JU 
I U 
S3U 
U 
I U b 
. SAU 
3 1* b b 
6o 
U 
H 
IS I* 
M U U S I* 
3 b 
4o IS I t 
J U 
I U 
43+4 
7 It 
13 16 
o 
4$ 
5 I * 
13 I* 
IF It 
4#U 
3 I* 
•to b 
SO 
3 I* 
U b 
58+4 
I I* b b 
12o 
IOU 
IJ+4 b no 
4 
AH 
SU 
14o 
U U l l 
I* 
X 

X) 

2*4 b 
V * 19 I* 
M M M 

Aug Close 
" 
22*4 
22*» 
JO 
2o 
JO 
17*4 
17’ 4 
49+8 
4 9*4 
21U 
21*4 
13’ • 
13'4 
IS 4 
14*4 
14*4 
29’ 4 
79 b 
15*4 
15*4 
15*4 
15+4 
17' 4 
17’ , 
24' , 
1**4 
18*4 
42' b 
42+4 
42+4 
6o*+ 
6o*4 
6o+4 
6o'4 l l 
18 l l 
11*4 
11*4 
13*4 
IJ S 
1 3 '. 
IS 

I i .i: 
3$ 4 
11*4 
11*4 
24+4 
24+6 
24 

3o*4 
X * . 
3o+4 
21 t 
28’ j 
29 + 4 
29*4 
29’ . 
18+4 
1**4 
25’ 4 
25 4 
TOU 
7o*. 

7 o * . 
31’ J 
3V i 
31 ' i ta u l* * t 
M 
29 

4 4 *. 
44*. 
44+4 
18*4 
18+4 
31 >4 
)*+ . 
I * * . 
U h 
I I H 
129+» 
179+4 
4*4 179+4 b 
14+4 

> IS M is a l l * 
2511) I t 75 I* 
IO 
+4 
« U 

5 I * 

2*4 

» f i t 
24 l l tan: 
IO a 
15 
I U s r 
§ 
TO l l I * I 
A 
I It 

 i f * 

• atoa 
Trend et tu p * # P rices 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) - 
The As________ _ 
Press weighted w holesale price .n a e . of 

Menfh ago n y e a r asp 162 W 
IW K m o l # t 
U N 
High 
M a lr cow 
ISI U 
_ _ . 
( t y ji average uguai* KX11 

SO 
X 
Ha 
8 H I 

I U i t 
1 1 ta 
9 I t I ) I t 
4+4 
4*4 
I IT It 
S U a 
*4 a b b a 
& 
I I * l l U a ta 
4*4 s*a 
7 4 
N e 
*4 l l l f 
27 U H S U 
I U t i a 
6 
E 
A 
7 ta 

U N 
U+4 
U U 
29+4 
29*e 
29+4 
2t>4 
26 . 

 n 
U U 
28'e 
7**4 
24 . 
24+. 

7o 
IO t i* t 

Sill SX Sift 

S M U U 
4 
SU 
4o IS U H S U S U U£ 
+4 

 eta tta 
6 

 l f *a i f +a8 •*. 

P in e r 
. 
25 
J U 
3'to 
J U 
77 
Pfi te r 
3o 
5 16 
U 
I 
77 
Phelps 
35 a 
I U a 
3 7U 
Phelps 
4o 
+» l l 16 
1+4 
37U 
Ph M ot 
. so 
SU a 
7 
54 
Ph M ot 
6o 
9 16 
I ’ 7 
2 '• 
54 
Pitney . 
..IS 
J U 
4 
4'to 
U U 
Pitney 
7o 
5 16 l l 16 
I u h 
Proc G 
8o 
3 U a 
•'to 
S IU 
Proc G 
.,9o 
'to 
I'to 
2+4 
87+» 
P roc G 
. 
IOO 
I 16 
3 16 b 
8 2 U 
Rite A 
. 
15 
IT 16 
I ’to 
IS 
Rite A 
. 
2o 
'to 
5 16 a 
IS 
St Cal 
. 
35 
SU 
SU b 
39 'n 
St Cai 
4o 15 16 
7'to215 I* 
39+« 
St Cal 
. . 
45 
' 4 
H 
I 
39’ x 
T R W 
.. 4o 
9 16 l l 16 
I ’to 
37+4 
Tandy 
. 
3o 
9+J b b 
19 4 
Tandy 
.. 35 
5 
6' • b 
39’ 4 
Tandy 
4o111 16215 16 
4 
39' 4 
Tandy 
, . 
45 
U 
I 
I U 
39'4 
Texaco 
25 
I U 
J U 
J U 
27*. 
T e xa co 
. 
5 16 11 16 
’to 
77 ’ . 
U C arb 
, 
SO 
8 a 
IO U 
STS 
U C aro . . 
6o 
1+4 
3 
4 
STH 
U ( a r b 
. 
TO 
H a b 
STH 
U S S ! 
1 , 4 5 
J 
3 
4 
45' 7 
U S S ! 
. 
SO 
’ 
15 16 19 I* 
45' 7 
Wrn Lm 
. 
75 a 
5 b 
J * ' to 
Wrn Lm 
IO 
+4 
17 I * 
2 
79 to 
Wrn L m 
. 
35 
19 a a 
79% 
Weslng 
• h T 
J 
I U 
I U 
IA U 
Westng 
IO u 
9 16 
’to 
IA U 
Total volu w c 34,939open interest 
91o,6o1 

Over the 
Counter 

Quoto+ions from th# HASO ore re p ro sentotive inter d e ale r prices as of ap p ro .im o te iy l p m inter deoter m arkets change throughput the day 
P ric e * do not include re ta il m a rk up. m a rk down or commission 
Feb 
IO. 1977 
Bid 
Aldm o Savings 
Am er F d r* 
A m ine*! 
Am er 
Sec Lit 
Bevor Co Bs 
C afeterias inc 
Com m Prop 
Dotapoint 
Dorchester G as 
El Paso C u e 
Forest Oil fro m . 
El Sam Bk Shot 

Asked 
I t 1 
I t I 

Frost Bk 
JO 1 
Gulf energy l l <» 
>7 7 
Hondv Dan 
I J’ 4 
14 4 
H enry V M iner 
6' 4 
9' 4 
Kelly Field NU 
2o 
J I 
M ere of T x Com m 
J* 4 
27 
M e rt of TK Ptd 
65 4 
66' < 
M erchants 
I * . 
• 7+4 
NSC of Te» 
48 
O lym pia B rew 
54 4 
Si +4 
Plato 
• l l 
I 
Pogo l l 4 
13+1 
Shoo Com m 
J’ t 
J U 
Shoo Ptd 
>o 
Sigmor 
14 
St war ( A S u n von 
U U 
U H 
Texas intl Air 
4’ to 
I U 
Tiooerory l l 
>• 7 
Transport Cd 
4‘to 
A 4 
W eatherford Intl ll 4 
I I U 
Wmns 
J I 4 
27 4 

Money Rate 

L 
W eekly Tree M iry Sends* 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) - O ver the Counter 
U S G overnm ent T re as u ry bonds, w eekly high, low and closing asked prices, the net change from the previous week s closing asked price and yield 
Rate M a tu rity High Low 
LastC hgY leid 
6 
F eb 77 n 1oo.5 IOO 4 IOO 5 
I 6o 
6’ ?Mar 
77 n 
IOO 1o1oo 1o1oo JKS- 
' 
I 81 

Chicago O ptions 

F rid a y , Feb l l 
D ption&price 
Feb 
M ay 
A E P 
A E P 
Am HOS 
Am HOS 
Am Ho* 
A M P 
A M P 
Baxter 
Baxter 
Baxter 
Blk Ok 
Blk Ok 
Blk Ok 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Bois c 
Bois C 
Bois C 
C B S 
C B S 
Coke 
Coke 
Coke 
Coigat 
Cola at 
Cmw Bd 
C Data 
C Data 
Gn Dyn 
Gn Dyn 
Gn Dyn 
GE Ut 
GE Ut 
Gen Fd 
Gen Fd 
Mewl et 
H e w le t 
Hewlet 
H e w le t 
H e w le t 
H Inns 
H Inns 
Honwll 
H onw ll 
Hon wl I 
In Fly 
In Fly 
J M any 
J M any 
J M any 
M G IC 
M G IC 
Mobil 
Mobil 
Mobil 
Mobil 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Sem i 
N Semi 
N Semi 
Occi 
Dec! 
. 
Occi 
Raythn 
Raythn 
R ynlds 
Rynlds 
SI urn bn 
Slum b 
Slumb 
Slum b 
Sky! in 
S kylin 
2o 
Southn 
IS 
St Ind 
, SO 
St Ind 
. 55 
St Ind 
6o 
Tx GU 
25 
Tx G if 
IO 
Tx GU 
. 35 
U A L 
,. 
2o 
U A L 
25 
U A L 
.. 
3o 
U Tech 
3o 
U Tech 
IS 
U Tech 
4o 
J W alt 
3o 
J W alt 
. 35 
J W alt 
,. 4o 
W illm s 
2o 
W illm s 
25 

N E W Y O R K (A P I - Atoner rates tor 
Friday 
P rim a ra te 6+# 
Discount ra te - 5*+ 
Federal funds m a rk e t rate t i l l # bige 
* H tow, 4 H nose 
D e ale r‘s com m ercial paper 
JO IM o ars 4’ , 4*s 
Com m ercial paper by finance com pany 
IO 278 d e r* 4* * $+ 4 
Bankers acceptance dealer m d, ca'ions 
IO 59 d a y*. 4 TO 4 46 
6o * t day* 4 74 4 TO 
98 I t * days, 4 M 4 74 
HO IT* pant 4 * 8 4 (8 
>8o VO days. S *8 5 8 
C ertif i ales or depot.t 
IO St days. 4+ 4 4+4 to *9 d a y* -- t* J t*+ 
9C 1 l f d a r t, +*• 4»t 
' 1)8 IT* Bay* 
4+» 5 
1*o Md oars 
4 S' » 
I mer ate m oney m arker index 
111. 6 7J unchanged R om Thursday 
E urodollar r a 'e t 
Over 
¥, I H I U J 
I m onth t h 4 t |U 
I m enthe f l u I ’ 4 
4 months I , M U 
44 
I 
' rear t i U t a 

2o 
3U 
4 a 
24 
75 
I 16 
5 16 
7 16 
24 
25 b 
29 16 a 
26' 4 
3o a 
9 16 a 
26+4 
IS a a 
'to 
26'to 
25 
I a a 
25H 
.1o a a 
15 16 
25 U 
35 
'to 
1+4 
2+, 
33’ to 
4o a 
'to 
I U 
33'to 
45 
I 16 
'« 
U 
33’ « 
15115 16 
2+7 
3 
IT 
TO 
I 16 
U 
13 16 
IT 
25 a 
'to b 
17 
35 
5 
5 ', 
A' 7 
4oH 
4o 
' 7 
I U 
3 U 
4o'to 
45 
I 16 
+4 
I ' 7 
4o' to 
25 
4 
4+7 
5 U 
29 
3o 
'to 17 16 
JU 
79 
3S a a 
13 16 
79 
5o a 
6 a 
55 
6o a 
1+to 
V 7 
55 
7o 
5 U 
7 
BU 
75' 7 
HO 
I 16 
1+4 
3'to 
75’ 7 
9o a 
3 16 b 
75' ? 
25 
+• 
15 16 
I U 
24' 7 
3o a 
I 16 
3 16 
24' 1 
3o 
1 I* 
U 
13 16 
79 H 
2o 
2+4 
3’ n 
4 «ll 
22’ to 
25 
I 16 IS 16 
I U 
22’ n 
45 n u 
13+7 b 
56U 
5o 
7 
SU 
9'to 
56U 
6o 
'to 
2U 
4 
S6+« 
4 6 ' ii 
4+7 
5U a b 
53’to 
I 16 
1+4 a b 
3o113 16 
2 U 
7 U 
32H 
35 a 
+* 
U 
37+. 
7o b 
4'to 
AU 
TO 
8o 
I 16 
I'to 
27 16 
7o 
9o a 
3 16 
U 
TO 
IOO a a 
5 16 
TO 
HO a 
I 16 b 
7o 
IO 
1+4 
2+4 29 16 
U U 
IS a 
'to 
'to 
11U 
4o 
5 
AH 
7'to 
44G 
45 
J 16 27 16 
3+4 
44+1 
SO 
I 16 13 16 
I U 
44 + 4 
2o 
'to l l 16 
I U 
19U 
25 a 
3 16 u 
19U 
25 
4+4 
4+4 
5'to 
3o 
3o 
3 16 
1+to 
J U 
3o 
35 a 
'to 
9 16 
3o 
15 a 
3 a 
IT H 
2o a 
9 16 
I U 
IT H 
55 
9 '• a b 
63U 
6o 
3+4 
4 H 
5+4 
63U 
65 b 
2 
3 
63 U 
7o b 
H l l 16 
63U 
2o b1!3 16213 16 
19’ n 
25 
I 16 
’to 
I U 
19’to 
3o 
I 16 
3 16 
7 16 
19’ * 
35 a 
'to b 
19’toi 
4o 
I 16 
I 16 b 
W H 
15 
9 'to 
9 U a 
74’ , 
2o 
4 ', 
4 U 
5'to 
7 4 ', 
25 
3 16 
1+7 
2'to 
74' 7 
5o 
7 U 
SU a 
58 
AO 
'to 
I ’to 
3+7 
58 
6o 
4 U 
5 H 
SU 
6 4 'ii 
7o a 
U l l 16 
64+* 
6o b 
3'to 
4 U 
59H 
5 3'» 
6 ’to b b b 
AO 
+4 
3'to 
5 b 
AAU 
I 16 
U M I 16 b 
IS 13 16111 16 
2+4 
I 16 
5 16 l l 16 

4*+ 

J 
I 16 

5 H 

I 16 
5’/I 

15 16 
5'Y 
U S 16 
'4 
5' J 
17 16 

V 
6 '4 
3 
13 16 

5*4 

Alcoa 
Alcoa 
Am TH 
Am Tel 
Am TH 
All R 
All R 
All R 
Avon 
Avon 
Avon 
Bank Am 
Rank Am 
Beth S 
Beth S 
Beth S 
Bruns 
Bruns 
Burl N 
Burl N 
Burl N 
Citicp 
Citicp 
Citicp 
C itic p 
Delta 
Delta 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Eas Kd 
Ees k d 
Pas k d 
Bas Kd 
F xxon 
E xxon 
F xxon 
Ex xon 
P N M 
F N M 
Fluor 
Fluor 
Fluor 
Ford 
Ford 
Gen El 
Gen E l 
Gen Et 
G M 
G 7A 
G M 
Ct Wst 
Ct W'.t 
G< Wst 
G it Wn 
G II Wn 
Hat bin 
Hal t>»n 
Hatpin 
Horn stk 
Ho ms Ik 
Horn x*k 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
MOU O M 
HOU O M 
I N A 
I N A 
I B M 
I B M 
In Mar 
In Mar in Mar 
In M in 
In M n 
In Pap in P ap 
In P a p 
I T T 
I T T 
, 
I T T 
John J 
John J 
Keno C 
Kenn C 
Keno C k e rr M 
K err M 
Kresge 
K retge 
Kresge 
Loews 
Loews 
Loews 
Loews 
A Ac Don 
Mc Don 
Ate Don 
M erck 
AAorck 
M erck 
M M M 
M M M 
AAoovan 
AAonsan 
N C R 
N C R 
Mw Air 
Nw A r 
Nw Air 
Penn! 
Perm / 
Pepsi 
Peps. w 
. 
Polar 
I Polar 
Polar 

M C A 

S ears 
S p iff f 
Sp«*f t i 

 fry 

» •* 

 f 

 t# * lf* rn f t * it* t t i in f f a lf* 
I UfiiHNn 

I W#y«rtt 
I 

: 
: 
B i 

2+? 
+4 
5''» 
19 16 
Jut 
5'y 
*+ 
8’ « 
3 *i 
15 16 b 
8+4 
2*4 
5*4 
45 19 16 79 I t 
SO 
5 16 15 16 19 16 
5 
1*4 
J'/* 
2*4 
o 
•/+ 
+j 
I 
I U 
2'o 
3+4 
5 16 l l 16 15 16 
I U b b 
IS 71 16 
2+4715 16 
JO 
+4 
9 16 13 I t 

 so to 
SS to 
65 
45 
5o to 
4o 

8*4 

17'4 
TU 
I U 
4*4 

2'Y 
'4 b 
+4 
3' j 
V. 
I U 
Vt 
7 I t 
6 
6*4 
IU 2 13 16 
''J 
1+4 a b i/f j i j 
1+4 
5++ 
2+4 
Oct 
6 
1*4 b 
4 V* 
1*4 b 
9 * 4 
3*4 b 
3 

4o 
45 

15*4 
15*4 
16+4 
5 4 ', 
54' J 
54' 1 
2 9 U 
29+4 
7 9 '. 
J I 'n 
2 I U 
2194 
3 5 '. 
35*+ 
35 +4 
35’ . 
35’ b 
35 U 
25*4 
25+4 

52 
52 
63' b 
61 Si 
6 3 '. 
56*. 
56+. 
56+. 
44 
44 
44 
25' b 
2 5 '. 
36 
36 
36 
U *+ 

4o 
45 
5o 
25 
IO 
15 
4o 
35 
4o 
35 
4o 
45 
TO 
8o 
9o too 
45 
5o 
55 
6o 

I U 
I 

1*4 27 16 b b 
7 b 
2*4 
3 U 
1116 
I U b b 
2’ .215 16 
3 16 l l 16 
2++ 
*4 
3 16 
J U 

I 16 
6 U 

IL 
4*4 
23 U l l 16 
TV, 
J U 
T+s b 
TU b 
3+4 
4*4 tu r n u 
5 16 I ) u 

3+4 
IU 

SU 
2 
9 16 

15 
IU 
I U 
IU 
7o 
I 16 
H a 
3o a 
AH b 
35 
1+4 215 I* a 
4o 
U l l 1* 
I U 
SO 
6 1 to 
7 H b 
AO 
U 
I U 
J U 
SO 
I U 
3H 
4 U 
55 
' I 
IS I* b 
6o 
' • 
H 
H 
6o 
IO '* b b 
7o 
J' I 
3 ’ to 
4+4 
8o 
'to 13 1*111 I* 
IS 
TU 
7’ to b 
2o 
2+4 
J U a 
25 
’ to IS 16 is 1* 
15 IS 16 
I U ! 13 I* 
TO 
1 • 
1. 
7 16 
5o 
6 ’to 
TU a 
6o 
I U 
2' 4 a 
TO 
'to 
+4 
I' i 
3o 
9'to 
9'n b 
15 
4 H 
SH 
6+4 
4o 
1+to 
7’ 7 
I U 
IO 
JO 
I * ’to b 
35 
I i 
IS H b 
4o 
I I H 
U U b 
45 
6+4 
I ' to b 
SO 
I U 
SU 
7+» 
6o 
U U 16 
I U to 
J'1 
J U 
1+7 a 
45 u 
2 
24o 
16 
J IH 
28' 4 
28o 
SH l l 
IS H 
75 
TU 
I U to 
JO 
J U 
J U 
J U 
35 
5 16 
U 
1+4 
IS 
6 'to 
AU 
J 
4o 27 I* 
JU 
J'to 
SO 
4 U 
4 
•'to 
6o 
' , 
I U 
3 
7o 
I I * 
3 I * b 
75 
*+ • b b 
IO 
4 U 
I 
SH 
IS 
U 
17 16115 I* 
TO l l 16 
I U 
4 to 
25 
3o 
15 
TO 
8o 
15 

4’ 4 
4 17 14 

4+4 
• 15 U 
.211 14 

J U 
U 
4 
7+4 
It s 
4o 
U 
'to 
I ’ to 
45 
'to 
■a b 

£ a 
J U 
SU 
4+to b b 
35 I t I* 
I U 
3 
4o 
3 I* u 
1+to 
SO 
’ to 21 I t 
3+4 
*o l l * u b 
45 
3 
4+1 
I U 
6o 
J 
J U 
4 ' • 
TO 
' 6 u 
I U 
8o 
I I* a 
o 
SO 
I U 
J 
I U 
*o 
3 I* 
9 I* 
1 
* o 
I U 
I 
4 U 
TO 
Mi 
J U tv , 
35 
J U a 
4o 
9 I* 
I U 
2+4 
75 I* I* 
7+4 
J 
3o 
I I* 
U 
I 
IS 
I I* to b 
3o 
JU 
4+to 
I U 
35 t i I* 
I* I t 
J U 
FO 
4+4 
S H 
6 ’ • 
% 
7 I * a 
I U 
' I* a b 
JO 
4 U 
S U 
* ' • 
35 19 1* 
T H 
I U 
4o 
45 
3o 
25 
3o to 
78 
15 

9 I t 
3*4 

 l r 
I U 
I U 
EU lh t 
J U l l I t 
4o 19 I t ts 
H 
I 
JOI l l i t 
J< I 
74 
J i t 
4 
IO 
I I t t 
I 17 U 
I I * u 

IU 
AU 
27 I f 
6 
I U 

 id 
£ r n 
*>9 i i i 

MBS 
I 
. * 

I *8 
I i t 
I u 
*} H 
I U u 
JU 

I U 
*4 

7U i i 
I * . 

IU 

J U l l I# 

E l 
4 7 U 
47’ 4 
IO1. 
JOU 
3o*4 
3o+4 
33+4 
JJU 
3 6 H 
J6+. i t *4 
71+4 
T IU 
T IU 
T IU 
S IU 
S IU 
S IU 
S IU 
16 
16 
35 
35 
15 
SS’ 1 
55’ , 
SOH 
SOH 
SOH 
69 +4 
69+4 
69 H 
72 4 
77’ 1 
12’ , 
IS H 
15’ 4 
56 4 
56 . 
St 4 
3* 
39 
19 

48 I 
48 7 
4 1 ' i 
48 i 
42 
47 
267+4 
267 . 
32+4 
IJ H 
37+4 
41+r 
41 *4 

53 
34<4 
34 . 
14+4 tS U 
65 . 
V ' > 
7 7 ', 
» ' , 
69*4 
69 '4 
J4U 
14U 
14U l l 4 
W USi: 
4 5 '. 
45*4 
4 5 '. 
58*4 
58*4 
58U 
4*' . 
4 * U 
77+4 
7 7 '. 
36U 
M U 
3 4 , 
74' I 
34> , 
32*4w: 
7V 4 
7 |U 
W U 
W U 
W+4 
W U l l * 

J7U t i t i 
I' 
7* * 
W 1 
IO U 
2 o*. 
. r *, 
15+4 i t u 
O f*. t i * * 
I I H 
I J H 
I I H l l 

Treasurv Bonds 

7 + sApr 
6 H M a y 
9 
M ay 
6 H M a y f , Jun 

77 n 
77 n 
77 n 
77 n 
77 n 

1oo 2o1oo 191oo I * 
IOO. 19)oo 181oo.18 
1o1 4 1o1.2 1o12 - loo 2o 1o o aoioo jo 
1oo 21 1o o 2o 1o o 2 o - 
7 ' , Jul 77 n 1o1 7 lot 6 1o1 t - 
7 H A u g 77 n IO ) 131o1 121o' 13 
S '. Aug 77 n ID I 231o1 211o1 73 
8HSep 
77 n 
1o2 I 1o2 
1o2 I — 
7 ',Oct 
77 n 1o1 
3o1o1 191o1 2o I 
*H N o v 
77 n 1o1 
271o1 261o1 77 ♦ 
6MNOV 77 n 1o1 2 IC I 
1o1 2 + .2 
7 '. Dec. 
77 n 1o1 
3o1o1 18)o1 2o* 
I 
6H Ja n 
?8 n 1oo 
3o1oo 291oo 3o+ 
1 
6 ' . Feb 
78 n 1oo 
271oo 25)oo 27 3 
3 
8 
Feb 
78 n 1o2 
191o2 161o2 19 + 
.2 
6-v.Mar 
78 n 
1 o 1 1 2 1 o 1 9 )o 1 1 2 + .4 
6' ,A p r 78 n 1o1 2 1o1 
1o1 2 + 
3 
7’ 4M ay 78 n 
1o2 221o) 241o1 27+ 
4 
78 n 
1o2 231o2 211o2 a + 
3 
78 n 
1o1 281o1 251o1 28 + 
4 
1o1191o1171o119+ 
5 
1o1191o1171o119+ 
4 
1o2 2o1o2 151o2 2o + 
4 
1o4 6 1o4 3 1o4 6 + 2 
1o1 8 1o1 4 ICI 8 + 
4 
6 '.S e p 78 n IOO 21 IOO 171oo 21 + 
J 
5 H O c t 78 n IOO 2 
99,3o1oo 2 
+ 
3 
6 
Nev 
78 n 
IOO 7 IOO 4 IOO 7 + 
3 
99 24 99 21 99 24 + 
3 
99 22 98 23 98 25 + 
I 
1o3 3B1o3 251o3 28 ♦ 
I 
99 27 99 24 99 27 * 
2 
1o2 I 1o1 311o2 I — 
1o3 271o3 2o1o3 27 + 
1o3 241o3 151o3 24 r 
1oo 121oo 8 IOO I? 
6 H A u g 79 n ID I 2o1o1 171o1 2o 
8' ,Sep 
79 ii 
1o5 131o5 8 1o5 13 + 
99 JO 99 27 99 3o 
IO) I IOO 261o1 I 
+ 
1o2 
ICI 25 1 o2 
+ 
1o3 1o1o3 6 1o3 IO— 
94 12 9 3 3o 94 12 + 
6' .F e b 8o n IOO 161oo 1o)oo 16 
7' ,M ac 
8o n 
1o3 9 1o3 5 1o3 7 — .5 
3o3 141o1 121o1 13— 
7 
1o3 161o3 121o3 16 
4 
1o7 141o7 1o1o7 14 
2 
1o1.7 1o1 3 1o1 7 — .6 
91 18 91 4 
91 18 I 
9 7 27 9 7 2o 9 7 27- 
1o1 161o1 6 1o1 16 + 
T H iF e b 81 n 1o2 2o 1 o2 13 1o 2 2o 
7+nMay S in 
1o2 2o1o2 121o2 2o 
“ ‘ 
~ 
1o3161o3121o315 
IDI 141oo 281oo 28 
1o1 3 IOO 311o1 2 - 
1o3 311o3 271o3 29 
98 17 97 14 97 16 

T H M ay 
TU M ay 
6H Jun 
6 H Jut 
7MAug 
SH Aug 
AU Aug 

5 H Nov 
5< .Dec auOec 
5*4 Jan 
7 
Feb 
7’xM ay 
TH Jun 
6' .A ug 

78 n 
78 n 
78 n 
78 n 
78 ll 

78 n 
78 ii 
78 n 
79 n 
79 n 
79 n 
79 n 
79 n 

 l l 4 15 
I 
4 48- 
3 
4 57 
4 49 
I 
4 75 
I 
4 84 
4 87 
4 96 
3o 5 o2 
I 
5 VZ 
I 
5 2o 
7 
5 23 
I 
5 32IS 
5 39 
5 47 
5 58 
5 57 
5 59 
5 6o 
5 65 
5 72 
5 77 
5 79 
5 76 
5 82 
5 84 
5 87 
5 9o 
5 95 
5 91 
5 96 
31 5 91 

6 '4 NOV 79 n 
6 H N o V 
79 n 
7 
NOV 79 n 
7' >Doc 
79 n 
Feb 
8o 

6 H M a y 8o n 
7MJun 
8o n 
9 
A uq 
6HSep 
3' ,Nov 
5HDec 
7 
Fab 

8o n 
8o n 
8o 
8o n 
81 

7*»Aug 
7 
Auq 
7 
Nov 
THNov 
A U fe b 
6 HF ell 
8 
M ay 82 n 
8' .A u g 
82 n 
7* bN ov 
82 n 
8 
Feb 
83 n 
3 '. .tun 
78 8 3 
7 
Nov 
83 n 

81 
81 
81 n 
81 n 
82 n 
82 
99 24 98 28 99 6 
1o5 2 1o 4 291o5 I 
1o5 181o5 141o5 14 
1o4 161o4 121o4 14 
1o4 311o4 261o4 28 
8 2 2o 8 2 8 
8 2 2o + 
99 31 99 24 99 26 

6 o2 
4 
6 o4 
J 6o9 
6 16 
2 6 23 
6 27 
3 6 21 
1 
6 2o 
2 6 22 
IO 6 o8 
6 32 
6 35 
6 39 
4 
6 45 
2 6 59 
6 6 49 
12 6 o5 
5 6 SI 
6 6 57 
6 62 
2 6 66 
1 
6 72 
18 6 56 
9 6 73 
8 
6 78 
I 4 6 72 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
P ittsburgh scrap slur) No 
I heavy was quoted f rid ay by 
Iron Agr at $72 OO 73 oo 

 n e w y u k k 
(A P I 
- spot lo m m o d it prices (W holesale) 
P rey 
Yea 
Today Day 
Ago 
Alum inum th ,N Y 
48 
48 
41 
Antim ony, Am erican 
I 78 
I 78 
I AO 
C opiner, E lee trot vt ic 
M U 
68H 
63'n 
Gold, troy o / N Y tis OO 
135 85 
13! 2o 
Silver tioy o / 
N Y 
4 47o 4 5o5 
4 o95 

7i 4 r eb 84 n IOO 79 1oo 2o 1 oo 74 nAuq 
84 
98 6 98 2 
98 4 - 
3’ .M a y KS 
78 7 24 78 18 
78 22 
I' .M a y 75 85 
84 4 83 22 84 4 + 
7H M a y 86 n 
1o3 3o)o3 211o3 23 
8 
Auq 
86 n 
1o4 261o4 181o4 TO 
6' .NO V 86 
96 4 96 
96 
3' ,Feb 
9o 
73 8 72 24 73 8 + 
H’ .M a y 9 o 
1o7 2 1o6 261o7 
- 
4' 4 Aug 87 92 
75 16 74 14 TS 16 + 
4 f eb 88 93 73 18 72 28 73 
6+4FHI 
93 
96 24 96 16 96 24 + 
7' ,A u g 88 93 1o1 181o1 
1o1 
— 
4' .M a y 89 94 
82 28 72 3o 73 12 + 
3 
F eb VS 
72 24 72 6 
72 12 
7 
M ay 93 98 
98 14 98 4 
98 IO 
3’ ,NO V 98 
72 26 72 
72 26 + 
8' , M ay 94 99 1o8 161o7 3o1o7 3o 
/H F eb 95 oo 1o2 281o2 61o2 6 — 
8'itAug 
95 oo 
1o7 141o6 261o6 26 
8 
Aug 9« o1 1o3 281o3 81o3 8 — 
8+.M a y oo o5 1o6 221o5.3o1o5 3 B - 
o 
I eb 
o2 o7 
99 22 99 12 99 12 n - Treasury Notes 
Prices quoted in dollars ad th irty seconds 
Sublect to Federal taxes but not to 
State incom e taxes 
Foreign Exchange 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — Foreign E xchange, 
N ew Y ork prices 
F gn currency 
D ollar In in dollars fgn currency 

24 t 57 
13 6 84 
14 6 92 
12 6 93 
14 6 99 
2 
6 65 
14 7 o4 
7 l l 
6 
6 7o 
2 
A 65 
A 
A 8o 
2! 7 31 
2o 7 32 
4 
A 69 
16 A AO 
4 
7 41 
18 6 84 
12 6 79 
4 
7 o9 
18 7 37 
A 
6 77 
5 43 
J 
7 )6 
.12 5 7o 
14 7 66 
I 
7 65 
24 7.66 
.24 J 67 
22 7 TO 
7 66 

F ri 
Tho 
F rl 
Thu 
Argentina 
oo3322 oo3389 
3o1 o2 75/ o6 
Austral la 
I o91o 
I o9oo 
9149 
9174 
Austr to 
o585 
o585 
IT o8 
17 OH 
Belgium 
o771 
o27o 
36 TO 
36 9 7 
B ra id 
o796 
o796 
12 SA 
1? 56 
.B ritain 
* TOrl.iylut 
I TITO I 7)6) 
5841 
58 2 7 
I 6996 
I 7o5o 
5879 
586+ 
AOdaytut 
I 687* 
I 6925 
5925 
59o8 
9odayfut 
I 6747 
I 681o 
5973 
5948 
( anada 
9773 
9784 
I o237 
I o27o 
Chile 
o635 
o635 
IS 74 
IS 74 
C nltim bla 
o785 
o785 
35 o8 
IS o8 
D enm ark 
1687 
168? 
5 944o 
5 945o 
F oypt 
I 56 
I 56 
641o 
641o 
E condor 
o4oo 
o4oo 
25 OO 
2 5 OO 
I ra n re 
2o1o 
TOU 
4 974o 4 97oo 
Greece 
o777 
o772 
3* TA 
3* 76 
Holland 
3978 
397) 
2 SUS 
J 51*5 
H ongkong 
2145 
7152 
4 6*45 4 64*o 
Iran 
o14oo 
o14oo 
71 IO 
TI IO 
Israel 
11o3 
HOI 
9 o6o6 9 o6o6 
Italy 
oo1134 oo1133 
882 IO 882 OO 
Japan 
oo351o oo35o7 
284 TO785 SO 
Jordan 
33oo 
33oo 
3 o3o3 3 o3o1 
K aw ait 
3456 
3454 
2 8935 2 789) 
L ebanon 
1267 
3267 
3 o6o9 3 o6o9 
M exico 
o449 
o449 
22 25 
22 25 
N orw ay 
1889 
1893 
5 2918 5 2895 
Per u 
o139 
o139 
71 57 
71 52 
Philippines 
1351 
1351 
7 4o19 7 4o19 
Portugal 
LaudiA rab 
o3o8 
o3o9 
37 45 
32 35 
7829 
28 28 
3 535o 3 536o 
So 
A frica 
I 1525 
I 1525 
86/7 
8677 
Spain 
o144 
o145 a9 no 
68 95 
Sweden 
2348 
2348 
4 2589 4 7589 
S w itzerland 
3978 
3974 
2 5132 J 516o 
M dayfut 
1988 
3974 
2 5o75 2 5o94 
AOdaytut 
4oo1 
199* 
2 4993 2 5o25 
9odaytu! 
4o14 
HOU 
2 4917 2 4931 
U ruguay 
2163 
2463 
4 o6oo 4 o6oo 
Venezuela 
2319 
2339 
4 7753 4 7753 
W G erm any 
4)58 
4155 
2 4117 J 4o*5 
3ortuy (ut 
41 AS 
4157 
J 4oo9 J 4o55 
AOdaytut 
4)68 
4158 
2 4o97 J 4o5o 
9odayfut 
4177 
4161 
7 1969 J 4o37 
Source 
Bank of A m erica 
New Y ork 

Colton 

N E W Y O R K (A P I 
Cotton No 
I fu jfti.U u re s F rid a y on the New Y o rk Cotton x Change 

The Market In Brief 
NY Stock ficlijfige Isseis 

 fn f c r 
F I I l l 

 i m 
. u t 
SHUTS 

H a d n t H 

« ) 

ISSUES 

T 1 U o E o L dTrn 
IMH 

NY SE I od ti 
M S N J 32 
I O 
Comp 

WI 52 * S 41a 

Chicago Crain 

C H IC A G O (A P ) - trices for soybeans and the grain com m odity futures closed lower on the Chicago B oard of Trade to day 
E a rly support analysts anticipated for soybeans did not m a teria lize and helped keep prices down in com as w ell, they said 
W heat was 3 cents or m ore lower In most contracts and analysts noted tore casts tor m oisture tor parts of the w lntei w heat probably contributed to the decline 
Soybeans opened m ixed and traded a* much as 
5 cents low er before turning mode* a tH y upw ard near midsession 
A w eekly report issued Thursday show en that soybean export sales a ctiv ity dur inq the week ending January JO was the heaviest sn far this m ark e tin g year 
Corn export com m itm ents w ere up JA m illion hushHs w ith w heat up only 3 m il lion bushels 
But e arly liquidation In m ostly sm all lot 
••ales tended to keep soybeans prices down, analysts said and when stronaei support (aiIIVI lo show later in the session p rk es turned dow nw ard again 
The viybean a c tiv ity also sent to rn pr lr es lower 
Soybean m eal soybean oil and broilers wen> m ixed 
At the close soybeans w ere I ' , to AU cents a bushel tow er, M arch 7 3 4 ',. corn was V , to ? lower 
M arch 2 55. w heal was 2 to 3’ a lo w e r, M arch 2 77’ , , and oats were t lo I U lower 
M arch I 81 
O pen 
H ig h L o w C lo s e P re v 
W H E A T ( 5.ooo bu) 
M a r 
J 8o' , 7 8! 
J 77' , 2 77' , I HOH 
M ay 
2 89 
7 89’ , 
2 «S> , 2 RSU 7 (WU 
Jul 
7 96' 7 
2 96U 
2 9 7 '. 2 92 ' . 2 96 
Sep 
3 o4 
3 (U 
3 OO', 3 OO' , J a i' , 
Der 
3 14 
3 14 
J IO ', 3 ) o ', 3 )4 
M ar 
3 23 
3 23 
3 19' , 3 19’ , 3 22*. 

M e ta l* 

28 
19 

213 97 
155 OO 
128 OO 

77 5o 
3 263o 
37 
IT 

 lb 
TH 29 
Pig Iron, I o b tdry 
Buffalo, Grsstn71o 
19 
21o 19 
P latinum try rN Y 162 
OO 
IA2 OO 
Q u k k s lv rf IskN Y164 
SO 
164 5o 
Steel scrap, gross ton, 
Phila Chi P itts 
72 IT 
77 IT 
Tin, lh N Y 
5 o619 
.5 o787 
Zinc, lh 
37 

S IL V E R ($.ooo troy OI) f c+r 
447 AO 448 TO 444 AO 447 JO 448 5o 
Mar 
449 (IO 449 5o 446 OO 449 JO 45o 5o 
Apr 
ASI OO 451 OO 448 5o 452 OO 452 OO tun 
4SA OO 
457 4o 453 OO 456 5o 456 5o 
Aug 
461 OO 4AI SO 458 SO 4*o 5o 461 3o 
Of t 
4AA oo 4AA OO 463 OO 465 SO 4AA OO 
Der 
469 SO 47o SO 4A8 OO 47o SO 471 OO 
I eh 
475 OO 475 SO 473 9o 475 5o 476 OO 
Ap. 
478 OO 48o SO 478 OO 48o 5o 481 OO 
•un 
486 OO 486 OO 484 OO 485 5o 486 OO 
Aug 
49o SO 49o SO 489 OO 49o SO 491 IO 

N E W YO R K (A P ) 
Silver futures F rl day on the New York Com m odity Ex change 
Open 
High 
Low Clote 
Brev 
N Y S IL V E R (5 OOO troy O il 
Feb 
448 AO 
45o oo 448 
AO 
447 9oc 449 1o 
M ar 
449 JO 
45o 8o 447 
IO 446 SOA 449 8o 
M ay 
454 3o 
455 2o 452 oo 
453 1os 454 SO 
Jul 
459 OO 
46o OO 456 
TO 
457 8os 458 IO 
Sap 
463 8o 
464 SO 461 5o 
462 SOS 464 OO 
Dec 
47o 8o 
477 IO 469 
OO 469 8os 471 8o 
Jan 
473 SO 
473 SO 472 OO 
472 2os 473 8o 
M a. 
478 IO 
478 3o 476 
OO 
477 OO. 478 OO 
M ay 
483 OO 
481 6o 481 5o 
481 8os 483 6o 
Salm estim ated 
11.7oo s settling 

LO N D O N 
(A P ) 
- 
Closing m e ta l* In sounds sterling per m etric ton 
Fu tu re* 
Bld 
Asked 
849 OO 
85ooo 
AOJS OO 6o4o o(1 
38o OO 
,18o 5o 
472 OO 
422 SO 

C ripper 
I in 
I 1 v+d 
Zinc 

Spot 
Bid 
Asked 
871 oo 
872 OO 
5945 OO 595o OO 
168 OO 
.168 SO 
4o7 OO 
4o8 OO 

O pen 
M gh 
Low 
Close 
Pre V 
CO TTON 
No 7 (4o OOO lbs) 
M ar 
75 75 
77 76 
76 2o 
76 no 
77 2o 
May 
76 oo 
76 5o 
75 55 
76 so 
TA 41 lul ft IO 
76 45 
75 64 
76 IO 
76 64 
Del 
71 3o 
77 JO 
71 AS 
77 I 
77 4o 
Dec 
8 IS 
68 35 
67 95 
68 O'. 
AA 4o 
Mar 
AA 75 
68 75 
68 35 
6* IS 
68 BS 
M ay 
— bA8 vs 
*9 IO 
Sales 
I 45o sked. b bid. n nom inal 

W ool 

N E W Y O R K (A P ! - inactive today on the 
Exchange 

Wool futures w ere 
New Y ork Cotton 

J 8 I U 
J a# 

2 94 
3 o4' 

Rrev j n y . 

J 84' 
2 9<P 

7 9 7 1 
3 o 7 '. 

W eekly P hiladelphia Exchange Options 
Sales Open 
Net N Y 
(1oos) 
Int H ighLow Lasf Cho Clote 
Option 
Abb! I 
Feb45 . 
Abb! L F et, SO 
Abb! I M ay45 
Abb! L M a y SO 
Abb! L M n 1 AO 
Abb! I Aug5o 
A fd C Apr TS 
Add C Apr 4o 
AHO C A p r 44 
Add r Apr 5o 
Add C JU) 4o 
Add C Jul4S 
Add C Jul so 
Add C Oc+4o 
Add C <Vt45 
Add C Oc*5o 
A!lt*C Apr JO 
A lln C Apr 25 
A lin e Apr JO 
A lin e Jut TO 
A lin e Jut74 
A lin e JulJO 
A llnC Dc 174 
Adt*C O rt JO 
A Hest Fen JO 
Hess Fab74 
Hens Fab IO ness F e t,is 
Hess M ay TO 
Mesa M ay75 
Hest. M ay3o 
H a ts M a y IS 
A Hens Aug 25 
A Hens Aug JO 
A Hess Aug is 
Ash I O AprVO 
Ash I O Apr 35 
Ash! O Apr *o 
A&hl O JullO 
Asbl O Jut 35 
Ash! O Oct 35 bon C M ay JO 
B ra m f Apr IO 
B ra n d Apr l l 
Hr a n il Jut IO 
B ra n d Jut 15 
B rand Oct »o 
B ran if O ct 15 
Cty in Apr IO 
C ly In A pr 1$ 
Cly In Jut IO 
Cty In Jut 15 
Cty In O d JO 
C ly In O c tlS 
C lor ox 
A p r IO 
Clor ox 
Apr I $ d o t e , ju n o 
C io ro * Jut IS 
C lorox Or I IO 
Clorox O m s 
Comsat Apr 25 
Con.sat Apr JO 
Comsat A p r)! 
Comsat JuDO 
Comsat Jut 18 
Comsat Oct 35 
Cont O Apr 34 
Conf o 
Apr 4o 
Conf o Jut 15 
Cont o Ju 14o 
Coni o O rt 34 
Coni O Dc!4o 
Drtssr Apr Kl 
D re w Apr 45 
Dress, Jut 4o 
Draker ju'44 
D r e w 
CK 14o 
D u* PW Apr Kl 
O ut P w Ju'.- 
Oak Pw Chico r a t G * Apr is 
I as Gs Apr J® 
F e * G * J u t» 
E a t 6 * Ju*K- 
F a t GS O d 25 
F a t Gs O d JO 
* -nil M Apr JO 
Fug. M A p r35 
Fngt M JgtM 
Firkin Fed JC 
F ,r*» n F#toJ4 f n ' i ' M a r l 
• ism M a r t 
F<r%tn I 

IJS 
54o 
3o2 
333 
•4 
157 
I U 
33 IO 
*37 
6+« 

I U 

3 U 
I U 

753 
678215 1*1 U t ; 16 

17 
*2 
31 
I 
17 
78 
7 

U 
72 
7 't 
* ' , 
84 
IV . 
J 
45 
IV* u 
* 
8+4 
7 U 
19 
4 *. 
4 
6375 I * I *4 
59 
SU 
S '. 
I U 

445* 
44*. 
I 
U 
445* 
- 
I i 
44** 
U 
44 5* 
U 
44*. 
I U 
44 4 
- I U 
44 4 
19 16 4 4 '. 

*+»- 
7 U 

I U 
S U - 
I Ar 
5 I* 
A H I 
J 
- 

64 2271 
I ’ 
43 2ooo 
4 
14 
I V 
I V 
49 1333 
?** 
IU 
77 
13411 I * 
+ , 
55 
1o7 
J U 
ZU 
2W 
74 
95 
I U 
U 
U 
5 
*1 
U H 14 
M U ­ 
IA? 
875 IO U I U 
|+>~ 
245 
1o5* S U I U 
J U 
*o1 2o7* 
IV . I 163 16 
3 
131 I* 
IS * I* 
+ 
6o 
584 IO U 
I U 
I U 
4o4 14)7 
* '/, 
4+1 
4 U 
13*4 4117215 161* 1*19 I * 

75U 
25 • 
2$H 
25 • 
25 * 
I V , 
25 . 
25'. 

AjlT' IS 
Jul IO lu lls 
O H IO 
O ttlS 

'A r 

111 
277 
521 
17 
2 U 
5 
47 
5o 

 r n n u * 

1*41 i i * 
*3 5 

1* * 
745 

4 U 
2’ 
7+4 
5 
2 H 
I ' 

* 
5' 1- 
7 U 

IU 
» ' 
I U 
33+ 
U 
31 
I U 
33+ 
I U 
33' 
1+4 
33+ l l 1 *1 )' 
I U 
13' 
I U 
33 
I U 

M f 
M ' 
Mr 
M< 
Mc 
NL 
NL 
NL 

IS 

 u 
S U 
7 '. 
4/ 
IM 
4 to 
TH 
J U - 
IU is • 
IO 2254 
I’to 
IU 
IU 
I 
79 
423 •49*13 I* 
U u 
TH 
4)5 
*4*1 
’ toI 1*1 
I* vs* 
*2o 49EE 
IU l l I* 
I 
VU 
373 2173 
+. I 1*1 1* 
*H 
AMI 
8o719 I* t'to 
1'to­ 
U 
VU 
6o 
2o27 185 I* le a 1I I* 
VU 
71 
143 
4 U 
JU 
J U u 
D U 
27* 3o8111 I* 4 H i 
I* to 
I3U 
14 
44# 
4+to 
JU 
J U - 
TH 
D U 
3*9 M U 
I • u u — U 
D U 
71 
I 
4U 
4U 
4U - 
TH 
U U 
771 
48317 I* 
I l l 
I* - to 
D U 
*4 
*4119 I* Ii 1*17 1* - I It i l ' l l 
IU $523 
H I I* 
H * l l * 
IIH 
IS 
391 
IU 
IU 
IU 
J I* 
U H i i 
HEE 
U 3 
I* 
'to * I U 
U H 
IE 
*4 
J'* 11!V 1*1 I i I* —H 
IIH 
44 
458 
HI I* 
U i I 1* 
IIH 
9 
IO* 
BU 
I U 
DU 
H 
IIH 
FE U « 
AU iv* 
J »~ u 
3 iu 
212 
1)8417 I t l l U U I i —'to 
ISH 
JI 
549 
4U 
4'to 
4 ig ­ 
U 
JJU 
IM 
7*9 
2'to 
IU lu— l l to 
7* 
IOT 
I U 
2 U 
JOO 11*2 
J U 
IU 
144 2317 
U 
V 
KM 
J U t+ r 
IT* 1387 
I 
U 
J l l 
I U 
I U 
58 
14* 
I U 
I U 

J U - 
I U 
5 I * 
2’ 1— 
U - 
3 U - 
I U 
• 
/OSIS 
H I D 
H I D H l l I * H U 

I 

 rn 

H to 
TO­ 
+, 
JE*» 
I i t 
J to 
JU 
F U - 
IH 
JEU l l 
IIF 
I U 
I U 
I U * 
+9 
JEU 
4 
I 
J U 
J U 
JU 
JEU 
I 
J* 
I'to 
IU 
I ,...- to 
TOU u 
Is 
I' 
1+to 
I to 
IH 
M U to 
I U 
IU 
IU 
2o+« 
4 * 
JOO 
1 1 
4,1 
7+ 1 
■ I IX 
IU 
! . I i ' to ♦ 
I I A Mr 
TO t tx h i 
171 
2 U 
57) 
« t i 
J U 
271) I * I 
I* 
4 
* 
2*9 

5 I * + I I* 
J f ' I * 
U l l I * 
H r 
U 
I 
3+to * 
U 
I 
9 
+9 

U l 
M U 

M ar 
M ay 
Ii i ! 
Sen 
Dix 
M ar 

C O R N ( 5 OOO bu) 
2 U H 2 56*4 
2 67’ r 2 62H 
J 67 +4 2 68 
2A 9H 2 TO 
2 73' , J 73U 
7 79’ 4 7 79' 4 
OATS I 5.ooo bul 
M ar 
I 87’ * 
I 82+4 
M ay 
I TV 
I 7 9 '. 
Jul 
I 77' t 
I 72+4 
Sip 
I 67 
I 67' * 
Dix 
I TOU 
I 7o’ 

7 VS 
7 55 
1 61 
2 61 
2 AA 
2 AA 
2 AS' 
, 7 68 
2 72 
7 72 
J 73 +4 
2 77' 
, 2 77’ , 2 7 9 ', 

2 57 
7 6 7 '. 
J 67 +4 
2 7o+ 

181 
IB I 
1 8 7 '. 
I 7 7 '. 
I 
77+4 
I 
78+4 
I TO', 
I 7 o '. I 7 7', 
1 6 *+ , 
I AA' 
I AV 
I 
A9 
SOY BF ANS < 5,ooo bu) 
M ai 
7 IA 
I IT’ i I 33U 
7 34' 
M ay 
7 47 
7 44 
7 .18', 
7 19’ 
Jut 
7 44 
7 45 
7 4o 
7 41 
Aug 
7 39' 
, 7 3 9 ', 7 35 
7 IS ’ 
Sep 
7 IO' A- 7 l l ' , 7 o7 
I Ou 
Nov 
A VV 
A 99' i « 92 
A 9.1 
Jail 
J o.1 
7 o4 
A V7 
A V7 
Mar 
7 OB 
7 o8 
7 o3 
7 o3 
M a Y 
7 o8 
7 o8 
7 OS 
7 OS 

I A7' , 
I 7o'V 

M ar 
M ay 
Jul 
Aug 
Sap 
O d 
Dix tan 
M ar 
M ay 

S O Y B E A N O IL (6o,ooo lbs) 
23 76 
23 SS 
71 HO 
71 85 
71 7o 
21 75 
71 AS 
21 AS 
21 8o 
23 88 

73 IS 
73 AO 
23 8o 
73 85 
71 8o 
23 BO 
23 AS 
23 65 
23 8o 
23 88 

73 OI 
73 32 
23 VS 
73 AO 
73 AS 
23 TO 
73 5o 
23 AO 
23 7o 
23 TO 

23 o4 
23 17 
23 SS 
23 AO 
23 65 
23 75 
23 55 
23 AO 
23 7o 
73 85 
SOYBE AN M E A L (IOO ton*) 

7 16 
7 43 
7 43 
7 to)', 
7 l l 
A 98 
7 O I' 
7 OB’ , 
7 l l 

23 1A 
23 4o 
23 AS 
73 7o 
23 75 
23 8o 
23 6o 
73 AO 
23 75 
7.3 75 

M ar 
211 OO 211 TO 21o 5o 7)o TO 211 SO 
M ay 
.’ 17 SO 713 SO 212 5o 7)1 2o 713 3o lot 
71? 8o 213 TO 1 12 
5o 711 TO 2)3 To 
Aug 
717 BO 213 OO ?12 5o 713 OO 71) OO 
Sis, 
?o4 5o 7oS 2o 2o4 5o 2o5 OO 2o5 OO 
O d 
194 (Kl I9S 3o 194 oo 195 oo 195 VI 
Dix 
IV ) SO 194 SO 19 3 
2o 193 SO 194 OO 
Jan 
193 SO 194 4o IV) SO 194 4o 194 VI 
M ar 
195 oo 195 oo 194 oo 195 OO 195 oo 
M a y 
195 SO 195 SO 195 OO 195 SO I9A Oil 

Market Futures 

C H IC A G O (A P ) 
Futures trading on the Chicago M e rca n tile Exchange 
F rl day 
Open 
High Low Close 
Pry 
IE F C A TEL f 
L IV E B E E F C A T T L E (4o,ooo lb») 
38 4o 
39 75 
41 5o 
42 OO 
47 57 
43 SO 
44.8o 
45 oo 

38 AO 
39 37 
41 57 
4? o5 
47 57 
+3 SO 

18 3o 
38 45 
39 o7 
39 IT 
41 IO 
41 IS 
41 9o 
41 97 
42 45 b4? 47 
43 35 «43 37 n43 42 
44 12 
44 OO b44 I? b44 OS 
45 OS 
44 97 a 44 97 

38 47 
39 35 
41 SS 
47 OO 
47 57 

H e re Is the gold futures trading tor 
M onday, F ebruary ll. 1977 
Open 
H igh LowClose 
P ry 
Chicago M e rca n tile E xchange 
IOO Troy ounce contract* 
M ar 
IJS 8o 
UA TO ITS 4o UA 5o 136 3o 
Jim 
137 IO 
138 3o UA 7o 138 OO UT SO 
’.pp 
UA TO 
119 7o UH SO 139 7o 119 oo 
D ix 
MO AO 
M I 9o < 4o 5o 141 8o M I 4o 
M ar 
143 OO 
143 8o 147 9o M3 8o 143 JO 
(un 
---------------- ----------US OO 145 OO 
Sales 
M a rch 516. June 31o 
Sap M2. 
Dec 34. M a rch IO 
Jun o 

N ew Y ork C om m odity F .change 
IOO troy ounce contracts 
F H I 
US JO 
UA OO US TO UA 7os 
US AU 
A|W 
IJS 7o 
UT OO US 7o 137 OCK 
UA 4o 
Jun 
UA 7o 
UH 2o UA 7o US OBs 
13/ 4o 
Aug n a to) 
139 2o 138 TO 119 2os 
UH AO 
(Del 
119 5o 
MO AO U9 4o 14o 5os 
119 9o 
Dix 
14o AO 
M I 9o MO 5o M I 8os M I 2o f et) 
141 IO 
M I IO 143 IO M I UK 
142 SO 
Apr 
M3 AO 
143 6o 143 4o 144 4os 
143 8o 
Jon 
145 OO 
MS OO MS OO 145 7os 
145 IO 
Sales estim ated 1,61o v settling 
Fash Grain 

_ FO R T W O R TH (A P ) 
W heat export 
2 97+, I 46' j 
Y ellow corn 2 7o 2 8o 
Oats 
J ll 2 t3 Yellow sorghum 4 32 4 5o 

KAN SA S C IT Y (A P ) g8 w heat 44 cars 
O II 5+4 cents to up +4 c e n t*. No 
J hard 
-7 TSU 2.85+,. 
No 
3 7 75+,, 
No 
J red wheat J 64 J /A i 
No 3 2 62 2 73n 

C H IC A G O (A P ) 
W heat No J sot! red winter 2 75+4n F rid a y , No 2 h ard wlntcw i f 5*ai 
C orn No J yellow 2 SA Un (hop 
*w*r I 
2 5 I+ .o 
(box) 
Oats 
No 
2 heavy 
I 9?Un Soybeans No I yH lo w 7 22+4o 
No 7 yellow corn Thursday was quoted 
,t 2 56+4o (h o p p ed 2 S tu n (tx). I 

KANSAS C IT Y (A P ) 
G ram future* 
F rid ay on the 
Kansas C ity 
Board OI 
Trade 
W H E A T (5,SOO bu) 
Open 
High 
Low Clo .. 
M ar 7 7 7 ', 
7 78 
7 74+4 
2 74+4 
M ay 
I 8 4 ', 
7 8 + U 
7 Bl'to 
Jut 
2 9o' , 
J 9o' 1 
7 88 

T VA’ 1 
7 »«' I 
J 94 
I Dec 
3 o5 
3 CM * a 
Sat** 
7 am 

B u t le r a n ti fcggu 

C H IC A G O (A P ) - ((JS D A ) 
Butte, steady, w holesale buying prices F rid ay unchanged, 93 score AA 9o 82 . 92 A TO 82, 
VP B unquoted 
Eggs steady, sales d elivered store door 
• ar tons unchanged. A e x tra large 76 83, 
A large 75 HO A m edium s 7o 75 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
(IJS D A ) 
Whole sate egg offerings steady, prices un c hanged 

I * I , I l a * I « - 1 J » 1 1 1 ; • 
O p t i o n s 

F cb 
Apt 
Jim 
Aug 
O d 
Dix f eb 
Apr 
Saii-s 
Feb A6o. A pril 233o. June t i l * , 
Aim 13o Oct 63r Dec SO 
Fab 42Aprl! 25 
D)mxi Interest f cb SITO, 
A pril 
1144o. lune 11497, Aug 5777 O d 13o1. Dei 
751; f cb 437j April o 

M ar 
4o 45 JO 45 
JO 17 b4o 35 
4o 45 
Apr 
4o HO 4o 8o 
4o 65 
4o 77 
4o 75 
M ay 
JI 
5o JI 5o 
41 35 
4 1 4o 
41 SO 
Aug 
47 OO 42 OO 
41 VO 
41 9o b42 IO 
S ip 
41 95 42 o5 
41 7o 
41 7o 
41 87 
O d 
41 95 42 o5 
4195 
41 95 
47 o(1 
Nov 
JI 
97 41 9? 
41 HO a tt 8o 
41 TO 
Sales 
M arch 48 A pril 4o. M a y 21. Aug 
I t , S ip 8, Oct A, NOV 7 
Open interest 
M a r ch 597 
A pril 
774 
M ay 1114. A ik) 447, Sep 252. Oct 485. Nov 
VO 

Ajw 
Jim 

Aug o< t 
D ix 

Apr 

L IV E HOGS (3o.ooo lbs) 
41 7o 
41 17 
4o 8o 
37 OO 
18 95 
39 75 
38 AO 
IA 25 
37 35 

37 IO 
39 o? 
39 KO 
VI AS 
36 45 
37 35 

41 OO 
41 IS 
3* 45 
3 
*5 
36 9o 
18 AO 
18 TO 
39 o5 
IV 25 
39 4o 
19 65 
38 OS 
Vt 75 
38 35 
35 HS b)A oo t> (A IS 
37 13 a l l .13 a i t 4c 
— a38 25 
18 V) 
— a 36 5o b l * 9C 
Sales Fob 1174. April 21oo; 
June 
874 
July 7oS. Aug 95. O d 
4o Dei 4, Jet, o 
Ajw ll o 
Open interest 
Jet) 
2AOA 
April 
SAU 
June 78A4, July 169, Aug 12o7; O d AH I, 
D ei 211, F H i 84. A pril I 
P O T A T O E S ! russet bu (bank,I 18o.ooo lbs) 
M ay 
8 35 
8 4 3 
8 25 
8 34 
8 13 
Ney 
7 42 
7 AS 
7 42 
7 45 
7 37 tan 
— b7 55 n / 45 
M a r 
- n8 TO n8 Kl 
A iv a8 42 nB 2V 
Latin 
M a y 64. Nov 3. Jan o, M arch o 
A|w ti o 
Open m erest 
M a y 229, Nov 24, Jon I, 
M a rch t, April I 
S H E L L E o o 5 (22,5oo do il 
Far 
M ar 
A |v 
M ay 
Jun 
Sales 
M ay *1 

o5 
A4 o5 
Al ® 
Al JO 
Al 9o 
Al VO AO 5o AO SO 
57 to) 
57 SO 
SI 4o SI AO 
49 35 
49 35 48 73 48 95 
49 SS 
49 SS 
49 SS 49 45 
F eh 69, 
M arch 41*. 
A pril AH 
June I 
Open interest 
Fab 791 
M arch 
Alw a 458, M ay 785 
June St 
P O R K B E L L IE S (36,ooo lbs) 

64 M i 
Al (Bi 
57 75 
49 7' 
49 75 

1718 

,F eb 
M ar 
M ay 
JiV 

M.w 
Sale* 
July 748, 

5* 2o 
56 AO 55 25 
44 SO 5* 4( 
SA SO 
SA BO 44 64 
44 74 SA 6 
57 TO 
57 85 5« TO 
46 85 47 V 
SB IO 
58 4o 47 77 
47 34 58 
I 
SA AO 
56 TO VS 65 a45 *5 56 * 
6o 62 to AT to OO a tt) 35 AO 9 
------ PSS AS 
AO TI f et, 77. M arch 7891. M a y 1152 
Aug IT. Feb 5, M arch o 
O pen interest 
Fab TOA, 
M arch 
376* 
M ay 32 3 3. Juty IS I/, Aug 877, Fab 149 
M a rc h VA b 
B id, a - Asked, n 
Nom ma I 

F at 
AA .*r 
Apr 
M ay lim 
Jul 
Alai 

IC E D B R O IL E R S (3o,ooo I b l I 
41 UU 
39 2o 
18 SO 
39 JO 
4o 2o 
4o 95 
4o HQ 

41 95 
19 4o 
38 6 7 
19 JO 
4o 23 
41 VOO 
4o 85 

41 OO 
4) 67 4o 
39 2o 
It IO 19 
38 IO 
38 IO 38 
19 IO 
Kl IS IV 
4o IO 
4o 25 4o 
4o TO 
4o 95 41 I 
4o 75 
4o 75 48 

*> 
J U a 
OU a* v-k t u r n i i so 
IU i i aw 
• U 
FU 
•______ 
J . u to to x b tu m a I# ,a a l 
Ob ae MU#. e*t La a Not lr e ta * b No 
«H#rad 

 a r j 
6 I +1 
S IU n u 
Itu 

B u lt 

 i ..ii 
A F 
A F 

Mi 
/a* )+* u u — 
1 n u 
JI 
IM I U 
I U )R r 
U M U l l 
M )+ • 
I U 3 
♦ 
+• 2) 
21 
>911 1*1 1*1 I * i i 

Apr IO 
Ape I* 
G A F 
Jib I# 
G A F Jut l l lr a F O ct VE 
G A # o (1 I 
I , xxi P e. Ap f 
GeePec A«« 
Ow. FU, t v * 
Y * * P 4 * JU* 

 ai 
A 
3# 

 n ! 

IM 
3 

 j z i t r n i n * i i i u 
* u t i l l U l t t a l i 1* 
2 176) I* to) I * • i* m * 
I U t m h 
* e t JO la 
US i i i I* - 
F 
»• 
J IM I * 
J 
- 
1*1 

I I i 

1 >i 

 a) 
11*111* +« v, 
R 
H 
J U 
FU 
FU t m u u u i 
M I 
U 
U u ii at* • « a u 
J U 

 i f * t i .f 

M 

G anPar Jutl5 
G e o P a c Jut4o 
G eoP ac O d 3 4 
G eoPar, OC ITO 
How Jo 
Apr IO 
How 
How Jo 
How Jr 
H o w jn 
How JI 
Joy Pet)45 
Joy 
F a b 5o 
Joy M ay 45 
Joy M a y 5o 
Joy Aug45 
L e t na F eb25 
L a I od F e b )o 
I a Lnd 6Aey25 
La Lnd 
AA*. “ 
I a I na A ug. 
L a Lnd Audio 
AAaf lot F eh IO 
M a rio f F eb 15 
M a r io l M a y IO 
M a n o t M a y IS 
M a r int Aug ll) 
M a n ot A im IS 
Mc O w J 1-o45 
Mc D e r F ebSO 
Der Mayas 
D er M a ySO 
De. 
M a y AO 
Dei Aug 45 
Ow. Aug 5o 
AAay JO 
Ind M ay 75 
Ind Aug TO 
NL Ind Aim 25 
F* P G F eb 5o 
F* P G I eto55 
P P G M a y5o 
P P G M ay 55 
P P G NUyaO 
P P G Aug 5o 
P P G Airn55 
P P G Aug4o 
P in to f e t,U n 
P tts tn F e e l * 1, p tts tn J et.44 • 
Pttstn M ay Kl 
Pttstn AAaylS 
Pttstn May4o 
P tts tn M a y 34 U . 
P tts tn M a y ) * '* 
Pttstn Aug 3o 
P tts tn A u g 35 
Pttstn Aug ad 
Pttstn Aug34 U 
Pttstn Aug 39 . 
V o l P Apr t$ 
Scot P Apr 2o 
V o l P Jut IS 
Scot P Jul 7o 
Scat P O d IS 
Scot P Od 26 
Sun CO Fab35 
Sun Ce Fab ad 
Sun Co F«ft6S 
Sun Os M ay I i 
Sun Ce May4o 
Sun co Mayas 
Sun Cli M a y SO 
Sun Co AugaO 
Sun Co Auge* 
Sun Cb AugSO 
T e ig y n A p r to 
T#tdyn Apr TO 
Tettfyn A p r# o 
Tetdyn Jui*o 
T el dyn Jut TO 
Tetdyn Octad 
Tetdyn O rt JO 
Tm s#m Fab id t i n*am F e els 
Trnvam 7Aa, IO t.n s a m M ay l l 
I rn fcam Aug IO tr m a ie 
A u g H 
Un Pee M a 19o 
Un Pac M a , IOO 
Un Pac 
M a /1 IO 
Un Pac Aug toe 
Un P e. Aug I IO 
Va F 
P Apr t i 
Va I P Jul i i v a E P 
O d l l 
Wk* UT. Ap* IS 
W st Un Apr JO 
WSI Un Jut l l 
WSI Un Ju* IO 
W»i Un Get ti 
WSI U n 
Ck 'JO 
WHA rib F « ^ 
A a r * 
* Ib is 
A U d i' M e l JO 
A l a r * MeyJS 
B u r i t i k , * i ! fg ig t .a .IM M ) 

JO 
1*4 
I U 
I U 
I U - +* 3) 
59 
3*79 1*7 16 
+, - 
'to l l 
BJ l l 
2+. 
I +< 11J I * 
15 1 *3) 
43 
IO 
U 
U 
+ » - U l l 
14* 7'83 
IU 1 3 1*15 I * J 16 IO U 
62 4oo5 
H I 16 
U t l l * IOU 
194 1 438 
I * . 
I H I ! I * 5 I* IO1. 
14/ 2JI95 1*3 1*3 I * 
I 16 
IO U 
787 
37o115 IA 1 U 1 I1 I * ♦ I I* IO » 

1C*- 
I I * 

74 
4o17 I * 
U 
U 
94 
229 
U 
U 
U h 
7o 
74*1 1*1 1*1 I * 
*1 
IOT 2+7 
I U 
2 U t 
J 
37 
U 
U 
U A 
I* 
75 J U 2'» 
793 
5o4 SU 4 U 
1475 4*21 
I 
5 1*9 I * 
SS 
4 * 4 A U J U 
4+> 
722 4*3777 I* I U 
1+> 
43 
7*1 7+« SU 
A U 
455 
1*99 J U J U 
J U 
42 
*7 I U 
I 
I 
I 23571 1*1 1*1 I * 
788 
1391 15 IAI'to 11) I* 
148 7987 
', 3 1*3 16 
414 
8 787/ 161 13 167) 16 t ' , 
717 
I I I * 
U 
U 
'to t i 16 
445 
447 I 
I'to 
J U t 
I U 
217 1o415 161 I i i 16 - I t i 

1o'to 
44'n 
44 U 
4 4U 
4 4U 
44U 

29* 
974 
4 H 
I U 
SAA 15/471 16 I U a U 1 r n a 
$J 
4oV bf to 
Eg , 
Bt 
348 
AVX 
4' 4 
S U to 
TO 
IE * 
*37 
J U 
2U 27 1 *4 I H 
JO 
I t 
1+to 
3'to 
J 'tr 
M I 
27* 1) I* 7 I* 
TO.., 
* 
IF 
J U 
J 
J U 
174 
287 
I U 
U u 
14 
4* 
J U 
I' 1 
ITO— JU 
I i 
IO* 
' I 
'to 
TO­ 
TO 
24 
M 
J U 
J U 
STO— ITO 
«J 
94 
J'to 
I 
I 
— ITO 
IE 
1)4 bf 
TO 
TO— 
TO 
I* 
IJ 
4 
4 
4 
4 
14 
2 to 
J U 
TTO 
TO 
I 
I t l+x 
1+to 
ITO - TO 
194 1o*o 
TO 
'to 
+T- • ■ 
79 15881 161 1*1 I* l l 
7*41 1*1 1*1 I* 
24 
117 S U (to I t l l 
U 
TTI 
1825 IF * I U IM A 
U 
IO 
2*4 
U 
US U h 
'to 
*o 1194 
J U 
I U T I 1 6 . J I * 
7o 
Ib is H S I * 
U t j l * 
TO l l AU SU A H . 
U ■ 
112 
584 
J H 21 M J I) M a l l 1*14+ 

JO' 
3o+« 
IOU u 
M U 
U 
JOU 
U 
J O . 
</» 
IOU 
IO U 
9 I * IO U 
IO U 
I H 
IO U 
IOU 
IT H 
47 U 
47+• 
47 U 
47 U 
471* 
4 7 U 
JJU 
72U 
J l h 
.'7n 
S IU 
S IU 
S IU 
S IU 

S IU 
I I H 
S IH 
34' i 
14' 1 la 1 
M U 
1 4 'i 
M U la ' 1 l4+ , 
14' 1 

23 
71* 
1 
TO 
I 
I 
471 
3'to 
ITO 
ITO* 
SO 
466 
ITO 
TO 
ITO to 
5 
4 
STO 
ITO to 
77 
H S J / I t 
'to5 U 
5 
U ) 
4 
4 
4 to 
71 
94* 
M• * >*9 I * t i 
I 
4 to 
ITO 
ITO* 
41 
141 
ITO 
TO 
TO - 
I l l 
UTO DTO l l ' ) - l l 
47 
•TO 
♦TO 
7 
— 
285 
IEO 
ITO 
TO 
I 
— 
7 
47 DTO i f * , 
II1!— 
4* 
377 
9 
FTO 
7 'to — i i i 
1,1 ITO 
TTO 
JU t i 
5 7 7 7 1 
I t l l H D i t - 
I 
' n 
*+• 
9'to 

I I * 

7 I* 

J U 
M b - l l , 
1+to 
HU— I ) I* 
2 23 I * 
17 I* u 
W— u 
+•3 l f - u 
IU I U - JU 
I U - I U 
I U 
— 4 ‘ • 
J to 
I 
I 

It 
4 U 

» 
4 U 
U t I* 
4 
J 

JO 
3*2 
2*4 aa* J U 
77« 7o96 
* 
IST* M A ) 
I U 
185 76477 14 
254 U M 
• 
*o3 JO)) 
J U l i t 
2*1 
9 *, 
5o9 754 a u l l * l i t 
$ 
IBM *237 ae ta* 
5 
532 *127 
U H i i 
2 o J 
SU 
E H 
AM 464715 ta I 
49 
47 U U M U a* ti t 
1u 
EE 
I 
I 
AU 
AU 
I* 
14 i i 
I U i l l 47o17 1*1 )6J 14 
I I I 4642 
U «, 
' , 
14o 
V U U U 
U U UM l l 
H E J U 
•tn*1 
14* M 4 I 
I*. 1,1 
EE 
■ 
9*4 til# 

I i 

 v t 
1E+. 
I U 
2 
AU 
IU 

JU 

J I* 
1 a 
I t i 

)4 U 
M+« 
14U l l 1 I 
IE* r ti'to i i + , 
ISH 
IE to t i t 
45 . 
45 U a t u 
ASH 
44+1 a i . 
4 4 . 
4a+4 
45 4 
SAU 
SAU 
IA U i i ‘ . 
SAU 
•E U 
4 * u ta u 
U U 
U U 
U U 
U U 
U U 
*7 U 
*7 U 
EFU 
9 7U 
EFU 
I i ' . 
) |u 

 ll t i t i TO­ 
+9 
TOTO 
SH IU l* » - 
TO TOU 
U 
TO 
TO * ' 
TOH 
A -, 
I U 
IT O 
I D TO * TOU TO 
TO l f < 
TOH 
I U 
I 
ITO 
TOO’ * 
U t TO 
TO- 
TO lf ’ to 
ETO ITO EH 
TO O' * 
,17 TO I fig t TO 
I U 
1+to 
J U 
O p e n in H r a * t TO Bu 
IIF 688 

Page I O H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 

_______ Saturday February I 2 I 977________ 
NANCY 

To have yo u r problem solved o r a ques­ tions answ ered* w rite A ct ion-Express* V.O . 
Box 2171* San A ntonio* T X 7H2*)7. 

Travel in M exico 

Whv don't von tell it like it is about traveling in 
Mexico? 
The story (enclosed) is an entirely different version from what the Mexican Consulate and the media describe as being the ease in Mexico. 
This article gets down to the nitty-gritty of just what to expect. No good comes of telling people how safe or how good our neighbor supposedly treats the unsuspecting tourists 
You will do your readers a favor by transcribing part of this article in your column if you aren't afraid of exposing the perils facing American tourists in Mexico. 
I don't know how George Carmack finds it so easy to travel there with no sweat. 
I supposed it is because he is a representative of your newspaper and they don’t want any bad publicity. 
Ii. C. 

What do >ou mean, we don't print the truth? 
The article you en­ closed appeared in the 
Sunday Magazine ot the 
Sunday Express News. 
Stall D elaplanc was gi\ing some hints about t r a ilin g in Mexico — don’t wear long hair if you are a m ale, axoid getting into a situation where you have to tangle with the law. 

I here are some other warnings as well — about 
Cli radios, certain areas ol Ila |a California where officials are reportedly shaking doxxn tourists and other warning signs. 

I t ax el in'any foreign country can he perilous unless you are aware of local customs and poten­ tial problem areas. 

Mexico is certainly no exception. 
There are nightmare stories about people being arrested and jailed in Mexico. We must e m p h a s iz e , how- ever. that all the publici­ ty about the poor Ameri­ cans suffering in M exi­ can jails is misleading. 

I he oxerwhelming ma­ jority ol Am ericans in 
Mexican jails are there lor alleged drug x iola- lions. 

\nyone who goes to a loreign country (where drug laws are generally much strider than those in the I s.) and messes with drugs is asking for trouble. There haxe been sufficient warnings about 
Mexico's tough drug laws and to portray the \mer- icans jailed tor drugs in 
Mexico as innocent lambs is ludicrous. 

Some ot those jailed 
\mericans are inxolxed in m ajor international drug operations. 

 t m a in l y . there are unfortunate incidents in xohing innocent \meri- can tourists. But consi­ dering the lens ut thou 

 sands of Vmericans who xisit Mexico every day . these are few. in number. 
Keep in mind. too. it is not unheard of for Mexi­ can tourists to haxe problems while xisiting this country. 

\nd newspaper writers are not exempt from 
Mexican law. They may or may not get special treatment — depending upon the reason for their x isit. lf they traxel on their own. they are treat­ ed like exerynne else, ll they are guests of the 
M exican governm ent, naturally, the treatment xxiii he different — just as if a foreigner xisiting the I wiled States were an inxited guest of our go- x eminent. 

 lf you don't get in trouble with the police, there is no way for an­ yone to ex en knoxx if a person is a journalist. 
One of our editors has been iii Mexico as a tourist more than Itll) times and has nexer been asked lo show his tourist card (xxhich lists his oc­ cupation) to anyone other than the immigration of­ ficials upon entering the country. 

No one knew or cared that he is a journalist. 

 lf you use common sense and obey the laws and do what the tourist office tells you lo do xx hen traxeling in Mexico to see sights like the National t dihedral (photo), you should not haxe anx pro­ blems. 

On the other hand, if you look like a hippie, drixe a xan. haxe a cou­ ple of baggies of m ari­ juana iii the glove com­ partment. are carrying a gun. haxe a T shirt with an obscene slogan across the front and are surly xxith the M exican off i- dais. you could be asking for trouble. 

M artha tells all 

I think that Martha Buchanan of ^ Big News is such a good news reporter. I would like to know more about her — her married name, how long she has been married and how manx children she has, whether she h a s always lived in San Antonio? ^ 

I-LOK KS VILLI*: 

Martha Buchanan Lu ­ cero is certainly " la grand d a m e " ul local telexision 

She is a native of Okla­ homa ( tty , but mux ed here with her parents in 
I93N and was raised here and lived here virtually all her life 
Mie is married lo Jose 
" I ’epe” tailers She has two children, a troy and a girl, ages I and 13 years. 
M artha has won a lion s share of awards, honors and kudos for her reporting ou KM OI. s I 
Big News b p iii s h o w 
*hr has a sincere interest in the future of San An­ tonio and she and her husband are Investors in the protect to transform 

 one of downtown's park­ ing lots into a luxury ha cienda-style hotel-apart- ment complex. 
She is a sharp professional on camera and witty, charming and gracious ofl-camera. It is very difficult not to ad mire and like her. 
She has also won the sometimes begrudging respect of her male counterparts and compc titers with ber many ( its 
H all exclusives and reports garnered from strong contacts and sources she has nurtured over the years. 
As tar as local tele­ vision personalities go. she would haxr to be rat rd tight up thrre at the top. 

 y o ia g a y y o u 'r e "g e t t in g o l d / 
MZG. U Q & & G ?! "GETTING? O LD * I* A 
GTATg O f MIND/ MDW VOE# O N B 
KNO VV O N B I G 
J "(SETTINO O L O " ? 

MARK TRAIL 

 r 
7 

/ 
O N B I* G ETTIN G O LO 
/ WHEN O N B REALIZED O N B* 
I 
DOCTOR IG GO MUCH 
1 
YO U N G ER THAN ONE IG, v 
O N ES DOCTOR HAG NO IDEA 
\ 
HoVV O N B FBBLG WHEN 
\ 
ONE \b G ETTIN G O L D / 
V 
I 
. 
^ 
I r 

Lj 
L- 

/ V iftv i, L A V fi - V V C . 
~ 

AMD YOU HAVE ^ 
THAT WOLF, 
TIMBER KIMO, 
IM W ER E... FVE 
BEEM TRYING 
TO KILL HIM 
FOR VEA RS/ 

STEVE ROPER 
/s THE COCK TAIL LOUSCB O f I c. AR/B S BA X 
C f 5 O ff £ ‘o 7 E l 

HE TOOK THE 
OMLY WOMAN I 
EVER LOVED AWAY 
TROM M E f f 

THE EMPLOYEES handbook. 
INSTRUCTS ME TO 
S-W IT IS VERS 
UNUSUAL,’MR 
I®* 

AHUM IS SM ALL 
CONSOLATION TO 
SOM E S E A S IC K CHAP 
ON A VACATION 
C RU ISE/ 

DOONESBURY 

IJEAX IV////. £, A T A V£AG3Y A /R P J& iv a ha i a -j ft.x 
RquER 
P-O.X THATHlASPAS "/ { TOWER 'xx E LL PUT 
7S O E /SO X ULA S 
\ ’ ON OU R XX AT t R - 
EA ST.'-AiEATVER 7\ > XMNuS ANC* HAVE 
THAT ACE a ■ S C^EAX > ^ 
\ LOOK 

" r n f w 

(if 

* h i f i IM O * r * 

I L THAI It 
YEAH, TVS MB, 
THAI YOU, 
ZONK! THROUGH rZZYT I m o AND SNOW. 
CAMI OPEN 
BTC "! YOU GUYS 
THE DOOR I 
'G O T AMY MAH* f % \ J 
V A 

" 
YEAH. I PUT 
NOPE! IT 
L; SOME LETTERS 
MUST HAVE 
IN OUR MAILBOX 
GOTTEN SNORED 
LAST NIGHT! CANI 
O V E R 'IU 
YOU FIND , - m tv i KEEP i m 

-AH* 

YEAH; 
HEY, 
MAN? 

'IX WHILE YOU'RE 
OKAY. j f 
PO USEE IE 
WHAT COLOR 
YOU CAN FIND 
/SIT? 

Diagnosis? o f hernia v. I ' I questioned 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I have read what you write on hiatal hernia. I don’t seem to fit any of the categories you talk about. In fact, 
I’m underweight. I blam e m y hernia on severe coughing, having been alm ost a lifelong asthm atic. And mine cannot only be felt, it can be seen at tim es. It is also darned painful. 
Also. I can lie down for relief, but when standing tip the hernia is troublesome. A laughing spell seems to tiring it back. Would a binder help? I find also that I cannot bend over because I get such a pain there. So what is vour idea about this? — 
Mrs. R H. 
I would question your hiatal hernia diagnosis. 
Has this been proven by- 
X-ray studies of the sto­ ma cli area? You say you get relief by lying down and are troubled by standing. Usually the si­ tuation is reversed in hiatal hernia, which, as you should know , is a rupture at the point where the gullet passes through the diaphragm. 
You cannot see or feel a hiatal hernia because it is located under the rib cage. 
I mention fatness only as a contributor to the problem. You can be fat and, * of course, not have an ll.II. 
Get checkup 
I suggest you get a better first-hand definition of • your distress. You could have a hernia in the abdo­ minal wall, which might cause the symptoms you > mention. My booklets are to help folks understand I and bandle ailments that have been diagnosed,. 4 purpose I believe they fulfill nicely. They are nut > intended to be “ self-diagnosis kits.” 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: My husband is a diabetic. 
He’s 24 and doesn’t stay on a diet. I can’t get him to stop eating what he’s not supposed to eat. He already lias problems with his eyes and legs. I ’d like very * much to help him. What should I do? — Mrs. D K. 
* 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Please send me your booklet on diabetes. Does it make any difference if one takes insulin before breakfast or after breakfast? My ; 
: grandson says it “ don't burt’’ so much after he eats. 
I Thank you for keeping us so well informed and ffir ; 
| explaining everything so clearly. — Mrs. A II. 
• 
For Mrs. D K.. It’s sad that you should be more J concerned about your husband’s health than he is himself. Perhaps lie has some fatalistic attitude about his condition. He needn’t. There are thousands of diabetics, including professional sports stars, famous lawyers and doctors, who have lived happy, productive lives with diabetes in good control. I wonder if he is aware of this? 
/ 

For Mrs. A H. — I gather that your grandson takes an injection of either long or intermediate acting insulin. A 15 or 2o-minute interval before or after breakfast should make no difference. The lesser hurt after breakfast is just a notion he has. Later, he may find it more convenient to have the insulin before breakfast. Most do. My booklet. “ Diabetes — the Sneaky Disease.” is available for 35 cents and a stamped, self-addressed envelope care of this newspaper. 

To learn of the many factors involved in the treatment of hiatal hernia (which concerns the esophagus), write to Dr. Thosteson, in care of this newspaper, for a copy of his booklet, "Hiatal Hernia and Eight W ays to Combat It. Enclose a long, self addressed, stomped envelope and 35 cents. 

By George €. 
Thosteson, MLI). 

WORDY 
CURDY 

Every wormy i.ceiiY answer is a rhyming pair of words Ilike I rue Slue. 
Plain Jane, and Multiply IJumpty I 
Read the definition, then think of two rhyming words thai will hi in the letter square*.The number aller the definition tells you how many syllables in each 
BY T R IC K Y RIC K Y word ut tile rhyming pair 

2. I tangles tiger teeth ( I ) m r 
3. Mr. Prem inger's slogans (2 ) 
11 i n 

I. Polite nonsense (2) in t i 

 rum m r t i 

I i i i i i 

 fThsnX'ind i i 5 f 
Virginia I bright ol 
Pasadena, ( A for 
R 4 . Send »our entry to this news 
HORT 

5. A nnoys loo t joints (2 ) 
I I I I I I I ■■Ll 111 I b Writer Pinier sang Christm as songs (2) r n T r i■ i i i i i i i 

7. Im paled w aiter (2) 
I I I ..I LU I J 
T T I I I I I tux «m«l ««<• IWS (urn IWV J (TKMIVH *s 
I * XI IMI ti Vt » t Mf* KMX VU Ut X VIM I v 

JEANE DIXON’S 
HOROSCOPE 

FOR SUNDAY 

Your Birthday Sunday: 
You finish one phase of development, begin at midyear to consolidate scattered, special things you learned to form a ba­ sis for further explora­ tion. Life now takes on optimistic overtones. 
Relationships thrive ac­ cording to how much you care. Today’s natives are intrigued by light, visible energy and Us uses, pur­ sue vocations such as photography, optics, physics. Those born this year are each one of a kind. all share a strong aptitude for theater. 

A R IE S 
(M arch 
21 April 
It ) : 

L e a v e cotn m e r c ia l c o n c e rn s aside whihi you catch up with home (de. the doings of those you lo ve 
G o 
O v e r rn a i o r par cnoses un aei w ay, c u rre n t plans, tutor e napes 

T A U R U S 
(A pril Id M ay IO) 
E xpee I Itllie beyond usual ex lo u n g e s b etw een people who h a v e n atlsing new lo o tter 

Soc ta u t m g to n ig h t ts v e r y meaningful . gives you much to think about 
G E M IN I 
Don t rust augustest w 

(MOV J I Jun e IS ) 

 i around getting a i 
■th newcomers Get in touch with friends you v t nag letted Mitei y AU the lively events 

 end 
Evening bring* good new* 
OI ouretv personal significance.» 

L E O (Ju ly 21 A u f 
221: 
Oaf 

 sider* wont the exp erien ce a t leadership, public attention, -toe them nave it 
Strengthen your ties where they count 
Encour age a mood of optimism in your circle 

V IR G O (A ug 
22-Sept 
22>: 

Discuss the local situation, find out whv action can or cannot ae token, out a stop to com piainij 
Uneasy, mixed influences im g j? settle to a peaceful state 

L IB R A (S e p t 
22 O ct. 22). 
Plo y vour rote m Sunday ca * toms, then slip away tor a taw solitary hours. Late day iom»,p social group w n ere you "teat individuals you d like to kame better. 
. -hip 

SC O R PIO (O rt 
22 NOV 
I I H ' 
Differences develop it too m ac ti is demanded ot friends or Wiry aren t free to go their w ay* 
Vour d ifficulty is disengaging voursett from me recent post 

S A G IT T A R IU S (N o v 
22 Dec 
21): 
Get your m ind oft what you're doing, whetner by a msij, o walk. or doing some gardening indoors or out 
Tonight promote career ideas, a new toto status 

C A P R IC O R N (D e c . 22 Jo n 

 i t ) : 
Su rve y your hom e and 
M attered possessions 
M o ik out some pion tor renovation, extern sion, im p ro ve m e n t 
C o n tin u a­ te an o n is im p o rta n t a n s w e r 1 those letters 

A Q U A R IU S (Jo n to tub l l) 
Your sktti to i m e ch a n ic a l »# electrical operations is not p f au g h i let experts dp m oulted anet Neighbors divide on issue 
Go it Soto until tonight % e ra 

P U C E S ( P oe if M arch le i 

K e e p v » o r lin g e r put 
OI 

C A N C ER I June l l Ju ly l l ) pgss lf ped •« vin# a 

>on Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February I 2 1977 
Page I I -H 
IANUTS 
ARE YOU HURT 2 
I'M SC AWFULLY v. 
SORRY? 

N a I'M ALL 
RIG HT, LADY! 
IT WAS ALL 
MY FA U LT y 
V ANYW AY?y 

Y E A H -* 3 o WERE 
YOU? I SH O U LD 
HAVE KNO W N 
NOT TO W ALK 
IN THE M IDDLE 
OF TH E 
S id e w a l k ? 

/ o<Av pilct thanks A6Ain t h a t was 

. FASCINATING 
\ WASN'T IT 
CLASS? y 

Anc? now, as our pilot 
P6PART5, WE HAVE ONE 
MORE SURPRISE... 

' v o u » x 
FAULT ? 
YOU WERE 
ON THE 
Sid e w a l k ? 

IF W L L A lL 6 o TO THE 
WINDOWS, HOU'LL BE ABLE 
TO SEE HIM TAKE OFF IN 
HIS FAMOUS HELICOPTER 1 
CHOP 

CHOP 

W INNIE WINKLE 

■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
— 
■ 
I 
M 
T i 
• MNW/B RETURNS 7o SOHN AZ 
I ONG - 
HEARTENED BV HER DISCOVER/'. 
T E R M 

THE ATHENA RAEMON \ 
3 M L P / A T G / S F O R 
J f \ v 
SALE... 
\ 

Bur, minnie.Yo u in s a n e 
IF YOU TH INK GREGORY r 
KONTOS WILL RENT TO " 
UG...AFTER WHAT WE 
PID TO RUN BIAAOUT J ar-r OF TOWN i 

I'M NCT RICH, BY ANY MEANS/ H 
BUT X HAVE A BIG HOUSE AND p 
I NEED SOMEONE TO LOOK J 
AFTER TH I NO©/ --- — 

' 
V 
Y O U - 
I f t n J I 
YOU NEED A 
L 
CARETAKER? 

H e S E E M S T D T H IN K T H IS « 
T E A M CANI C E T IN T O T H E PLA Y 1 
D O W N S IF I C O M E A B O A R D . . . 
•HE S P R O B A B L Y R IG H T ? 

W E L L ? J 
S E T O U T O F H E R E 
V 
V E R N I E . . . B E F O R E I 

& o o t V O U O U T / ’ 

SO , Y O U V E F IN A L L Y T A S A I 
D E C ID E D Y O U W A N T J F A V O R I 
T O J O I N T H E T E A M , > * T O 
^ 
E H ? W H Y ? t - w f B E A N IE I 

•RULL 
I WOULDN'T 
PUSH 'IM TOO 
'ARD, MISTER < 
~ 'E CAN GEY 
VERY NASTY, 

*E DID THROW A PUNCH A' m e o nce a n v rrcosr 'im 
A TEN POUNDS f in e r - 
NO TROUBLE 
MISSUS — *E 
► DAREN'T « touch M E- 
WHAT'S 
THERE TO 
THINK 
ABOUT?.. 

— WE BOTH KNOW THAT THERE \ MAYBE, BUT 
ARE OTHER WAYS OF MAKING \ 
THAT'S 
A LIVING WITH A CAMERA 
WHERE IT'S 
THAM BY SKIPPING OVER 
J HAPPENING, 
LANDMINES AND DODGING A 
GUNFIRE/ 
— ^ 

...AND THATS WHERE I DO 
WHAT I DO BEST AND SO 
I'M GOINS TO SO PO IT/ 
■— x ... LOOK, YOU CAME 
AT ME WITH ALL THIS 
AWFULLY SUDDENLY/ I 
HAVE TO THINK ABOUT IT/ 

 s — 1 LOOK, I'LL M AKE A DEAL/ 
G ENES THE ONE WHO MUGGED 
THAT GUY ROCKY...AND HE SHOT k GARY FAVOR...EVEN SA M w_-«/ 
A 
DRIVER SAW THAT/ sCW a 

HE'S A VIOLENT CHARACTER/ IT 
WAS HIS IDEA TO SET UP FAVOR? 
HE MADE M E GO ALONG WITH 
HIM, LIEUTENANT/ p------------- M 
| ^ 
THAT'S NOT 
W 
THE WAY WE wfal\ 
J a V - HEARD rr/ 

SA M DRIVER TOLD 
US ALL ABOUT YOU/ 
> 
I THINK YOU'D 
BETTER GET YOUR­ 
S E L F A LAWYER/ 

BUBBLES IS IN 
THERE SITTING 
ON M O M 'S LA P 

GOOD GRIEF 
IF SHE 
W ANTS SOM EBODY TO 
PET WHY D O ESN T SHE 
P E T m e 
. 

AH VE G O T A 
LOT OF p e t t in g s u r f a c e , 
YOU KNOW 

MAYBE SHE’S 
AFRAID YOU’LL 
BREAK HER 
> 
LAP 

WE GIVE A 
DISCOUNT TO 

O L P P B O P i e 

BUT TMS 
PRICE TAO 

S A Y 5 
$ 
2 

A HUNDRED TIMBS I'V E TOLD YOU 
D o n 't give. 'em TMS d is c o u n t 
UNLESS THEY ASK FOR IT J 

? 
\ ___ T W A T d i^ u g I WILL BE 

S T O R E ! 
$ 1 .5 o 
THE FAMILY CIRCUS 
DENNIS THE MENACE 

C E 
K e r r ^ 
F O K O r ig 
TH*NG. 

X t\& " e & w z & T r ie f r e e " 
FKC&RAMI NAAH A &R&CT 

ID S A J O H N 

WHATS IHAT 

This is the three of valentines lf you get tired lookin' at FOUR walls all day, 

 oughta try just TWO walls sometime!" 
P U T T IN G CPN A 
A N O O V A C K 
IV H A T T r ie H E C K 
M p g - YG7U C A P IN G 'J 
W H A T N A H , V Y R pNCt 

 w it h t h e o U > o x e n ? 
. . . i t s - Ft p f : 

 w r i n k l e s 
ACROSS 
42 Streak in marble 
46 Small fish (pl) 
49 Has bean (2 
\wds) 
62 Unemployed 
63 Misfortune 
64 Experienced persons 
(abbr) 
56 Raise 
56 Twenty four hours 
57 Otherwise 
56 Jane Austen title 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 
TODAY’S CROSSWORD PUZZLE 
I Hindu literature 
5 Part of spaach 
9 Same (prefix) 
12 Rowing implements 
13 Hawaiian island 
14 Pogonip 
15 Pacific Island 
16 Immoral 
18 Meshes 
2o Circuit 
21 Actor Sparks 
22 Nothing 
24 Pointed weapon 
27 Mythical knot 
31 Much Millar s instrument 
32 Poncha 
33 Compass point 
34 Crackpot 
35 Unctuous 
36 Small aperture 
37 Immortal 
39 loafs 
4o Food fish 
41 Thieve 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

ACROSS 
4ti Congenital facial defect 
49 E.press in words 
5o Mouth tissue 
54 Mode*ately warm 
65 Planet 
6b Particles 
58 Cambered 
2 words 
6o Mil funeral cannon 2 words 
83 Parents brother bb •— du Diablo t i Make reparation 
6 8 Young ox 
69 Napoleonic marshal 
7o Asian car ■ ntvorous mammal 
J t Make an at­ tempt at 

 t i may s Puzzle Solved 

I Storage box 
6 Actress...... 
Baker 
11 What ll- 

I 4 For this reason 
15 Of the soul 
16 Despicable person 
Slang 
I I Inside o> 
Prefix 
1 8 One who is there 
2o Sound like thunder 
22 Ago 
2 3 Food Slang 
25 Utters something printed 
28 Vertical 
Structure 
29 — Alamos 
3o Containers 
32 Far (her from the renter 
34 Transportation routes 2 words 
39 Measure by pacing 2 words 
42 Disease ol 
Vain 2 words 
4 3 Crime 
.•gainst the state 
45 Heath genus 

KERRY DRAKE 

- 
- 
1 
I rn mSm t OKAY, MA'AM 1 
---------------- g T 
” 
■ a ^ Y 
TM t6(S V E E V 
L I WAVE a KEY TO TRUE BLUE 's\jRREGULAR- 
Af*RTA€*rciT. WAKE / BUT I 
^ 
I DIDN'T D A K E G O I N - A I O N E / K --------- i n 
' / — 

BUT c o n s id e rin g t h e r e 
WERE TWO OTHER P O S S IB L E 
ATTEM PTS O N HIS LIFE - 

O H -M f-M Y - f 

 f 
O H h H T t— ■ 

D O W N 

1 Cast a ballot 
2 Make money 
3 Medicine 
4 Sideways 
5 Promised 
6 Corn plant parts 
7 Greek letter 
8 Breakfast bread 
9 Questionable 
1o Not sweet 
11 leer 
17 Neuter 

7 Crying 2 
3b Sources of words vexation 
8 Pismire 
37 Glacial 
9 Originally ridge Var named 
38 Waits 
IO Birds 
4 o Sanction 
I I Mideast 
4 1 Anterior language 
4 4 Human god 
I 2 Bob up and 4 7 One of an down acting 
I 3 Aquatic family mammal 
48Cypnnoid 
19 Swim fish 
21 Informal 
5o Wail garment 
51 Practical 
23 Surface 
52 Currency shininess 
53 Dallas univ 
24 Send along 
55 Coms 
26 Game 
5 7 - —- of David animal 
59 Italian 
27 Put to death actress 
3o Soup 
61 /e ta 
31 Hibernate follower 
33 Upon 
62 Secured 
Comb form 64 Grassland 
35 Timetable 
6 5 Noun suffix abb! 

Sururi 
(SUMCN 

VERA VALIANT 
DOWN 

I Ho ■ * Mmh 
Trail 
? ... party 
3 invested with iespun 
Sibil tty 
4 Wash by rubbing 
5 Dodgers or 
Expos 
6 Phone user 

TONIGHT US'S BOGGING ) BC CAREFUL ,"N 
UIS LITTLE 3 o Y O 
J 
DEAR. Ut'LL a MEET ME / 
EXPECT YOU TO 
MBLT— NWCN 
W m k & S m w a f fli I y o u h n a u y 
.< 
■ B y 
I . MEE I UT HE 
J 
I 
V 
. - K J R j V MARTY./ 
A 

OH. AUNT GLACES - y 
/ / 
TWC M OM ENT MAG 
\jb w 
TIN ALLY C O M E / A .{ 

WHAT TS IT, 
VECA ? WHAT 
DID HE S A Y ? 
VERY WCLL.MARTIN 
UNTIL TONIGHT, 
MY D A R LIN G . 
. 

NEXT 

SPIDER M AN 

H O P i/ YOU EXPECT A I 
MERE CHAIR TO SNIBLO 1 
YOU FROM THE ONSLAUGHT, 
O f OR. ROOM ? 
A 

THE THOUGHT 
o4o HINGA 
CROSS MY 
K 
ZA IN O / 
V 

“ 
ONLY THE 
1 
C H A IR - BETWEEN 
M E A N O — 
DOOMS O U A T H 
H IR S T / 
M 
Y 
L E V IT Y 
> r IS THE LAST 
REFUGE O f THE 
. VANQittiNtQ! j 

Continued from Page IB 

 newspapers and organi­ zations. 
But the Col. Densford who greeted us had none of the look of the library or typewriter. He came into the room carrying a big basket (with IU eggs, laid by his hens that morning. Bonnie and I were amazed when we saw many of the eggs were blue or green. 
“ My son in the military has a friend from whom he got these two roosters from Chile,” the colonel said. “ I have added them to my flock. They are of a strain that produces big. rich eggs — with color in their shells.” 
Quackless ducks 

The colonel also has a flock of quackless ducks. 
His most serious farm project is a herd of 24 cattie, headed by a fine 
Hereford bull. 
The colonel first took us to the Howard A. 
Huede farm — as illus­ trative of the beauty of the Pipe Creek country­ side. Here Red B lu ff 
Creek flows into the Me­ dina River. 
Ruede — whose family has long been in the Pipe 
Creek area — has a little park for cam pers and p icnickers. From it a narrow foot trail — often a sw inging bridge — runs alongside the high creek bluff. The bluff at times overhangs the trail and the w ater below is so clear. 
Tilt* trail goes through an opening where a big limestone slab has fallen against the bluff and inst beyond this is the Me­ dina How beautiful it is flowing through narrow, tree-lined rapids! 
On our way to the 
Ruede farm we passed an appealing little gray house — marked by a 
Texas m edallion. It is ow nod by the ll. S Kerr family of San Antonio. 
“ The house was built about 19(1o by B ill E n g ­ lish, Mrs Richard ( ’a l­ lyou, a K err daughter, later told us. 
“ The nearby crossing on tke 
Medina is known as the 
English crossing. 
“ But it is g enerally known as the Tom Crist place. He lived there many years and many people stopped al his house to wail until tho high w ater would go down so a crossing could be made. 
Cellar 

“ One unusual feature is the cellar — no walls — lust (nit into the solid li­ mestone." . . . 
The high point of our trip came when Densford took us to P riv ile g e 
Creek, the area once the home and ranch of Poll* carpo Rodriguez. 

As an Indian fighter and a scout for the 
Rangers and tin* C S. 
Arm y, Policarpo Rodri­ guez had an important role in opening up Texas from San Antonio to El 
Paso. 

Densford took us to the home of M r. and Mrs. 
I .ane Langford Langford has had a major hand in preserving the “ P o lly " landmarks and he told us the Polly story by taking us to thirst* landmarks. 
Policarpo Rodriguez — known in later years as 
“ Mr Po lly" — was Ixirn in Zaragoza, Mexico, just west of Eagle Pass. He spent his boyhood and young manhood in San 
Antonio. After a fabulous career as an 
Indian scout, he bought SSO acres of land on Privilege 
( reek at 5(1 cents an acre. 
This was in 1858 In time he owned more than 1.2(81 acres. He died i i i 1914 
“ As a small boy, I saw 
Policarpo often,” Lang­ ford, who was horn in 
19o8 recalls. “ He always rode a spotted donkey and raised many of these spotted donkeys on his ranch.” 
Langford first took us to the Polly Cemetery — a beautiful little terne- 

Graham; 
Sweden is awakening 

G O TH EN BU RG , Swe- den (A P) — Scandinavia is ripe for a “ spiritual awakening,” Evangelist 
Billy Graham observed at the end of a crusade whose massive turnouts eon t rad feted predict ion x that Swedes would not respond 
The Lutheran Bishop of 
Gothenburg rem arked, 
“Billy 
G raham has taught us a lesson in evangelism ** 

 tery in a clearing on a typ ical 
H ill 
Country ridge. Behind 
. it in the distance rose a beautiful peak — com­ ing to the highest point in the area — Polly's Peak. 
Cemetery 

Amid members of his fam ily. Jose Policarpo 
Rodriguez lies , buried in the front corner of the little cem etery. Under his name, is tke phrase, 
“ T H E OLD G U ID E ” and then a moving tribute to him. 
From tile cem etery 
Langford took us to the appealing Polly’s Chapel. 
Po licarp o becam e a 
Methodist and in time a widely known, crusading 
Methodist preacher. He limit this church with his ow n hands in 1882. I lo cut the stone, hauled it and then built the building. 
Thanks to Langford arid some m em bers of tin1 family, the church la still iii first-class condi­ tion. Funerals and wed­ dings occasionally are still held in it 
From the church, the three of us drove to 
“ Po lly’s Fort.” Policar­ po built this big, two- story home and fort soon after coming to the area. 
In his boyhood Langford spent many nights in the fort visiting a relative there. 
The fort is partly in rums now because of a lirt* a few years ago. But what history it still tells! 
The ground floor was the fort. In its walls are the typical portholes used for defense against the 
Indians. 
• 
“ Even cattle and horses could be brought inside the fort wken there was danger of an Indian attack," Langford /aid. 
School 

There is also a “ Polly’s 
School” still standing in 
Hie area and once there was a post office witll the name Polly. rile wonderful story we learned of P o liea rp o ’s life came to na from two sources — tile Daughters of tin' Republic of Texas 
Library and the Barker 
Texas History (’enter at the University of Texas. 
In the 189os Policarpo dictated his memoirs to a fellow Methodist m inis­ ter. This book. “ The Old 
Guide," is an important 
Texas folk story source book. 
At the age of 2o. Po li­ carpo was a guide and 
Indian scout on one of the 
Texas frontier projects. • 
For more than 
IOO years — from Spanish day s until after Texas became a state 
—•travelers from San An­ tonio had to go deep into 
Mexico and then cut west to get to El Paso Indians controlled the country. 
In 1849 — following an exploration by Texas 
Rangers — Ll W H 
W hiting headed a I S. 
Army unit opening the first direct road. It was a classic of hardship and determination. VV lilting said 
“ This boy, Policarpo. is one of the most valua­ ble memlxTs ut my par­ ty 
I don't know of any person I would rather have in the woods." 
Later that year Col. 
Joseph E Johnston — who tw'came a top Confe­ derate general — headed another army group that left San Antonio to try to make the road secure from the Indians Again, 
Policarpo was a guide. 
Policarpo was an army guide and indian tighter for 12 years But ins en­ tire lite was a Texas sa­ ga. 
Langford himself has a link with the history of the area. Hi* is a descen­ dant of one of the Mor­ mon families that came to Bandera in 1854 

Yarns spun around nam es 

One story is Pipe Creek got its name when a 

 party of pioneers were attacked by Comanches. 

One of the party ran back to the creek and 

 retrieved his forgotten pipe before rejoining his fleeing friends. 
Mrs. W illiam Edw ards is considered Pipe 

( reek's leading historian, lier family has been here since earliest days. 

“ The red bluffs obviously gave Red Bluff Creek its name,” Mrs Edwards says. 

“ The next creek is Pipe Creek. It is known that 

 three men — Saner, Miles and Odom — were 

 responsible for the creek names. One story is that they named it Pipe Creek when they stopped on its banks to eat and all lit up pipes. 

“ There is also a story of smoking a peace pipe 

 with the Indians there. 

“ But naming Privilege Creek Is the interesting 

 story. It is reported that one man thought it pretty and said: 

“ ‘lf I had my privilege, I would stake my 

 claim here.’ 
"Another man replied — ‘that’s your p rivi­ lege.’ Hence the name." 

 state —the red, allck- barked rnadrona. Dr. 
Reiley's life is an unu­ sual combination. He is both a San Antonio den­ tist and trombonist and leader of the well-known 
Alamo City Jazz. Band. 
Dr. Reiley’s band was the stadium band for one 

Super Bowl and he has been musical consultant for three other Super 
Bowls. He is already at work on the 1978 Super 
Bowl musical program. 

Our best picture of what has happened to 
Pipe Creek in recent 

 years came from J . B. 
Ed w ard s, Pip e Creek real estate man. The Ed­ wards family was one of the earliest in 
Pipe 
( reek. The Indians were a real danger when E d ­ wards' great-grandfather arrived here. 
“ There are a number 

 of old-time fam ilies h e re ," Ed w ard s said, 
“ and some retired peo­ ple. But 75 per cent are young marrieds. 
“ About 9o per cent of those who work do so in 
San Antonio. But they want their children to grow up in a place such 

 as we have here—farms, horses, animals, smaller town schools.” 
Acreage 

Few people buy less than five acres in Pipe 
Creek. Population is ae- veral times what it was just a few years ago. 
The fun place in Pipe 
( reek is Ed Jen n in g s grocery store. On his bu­ siness cards. Jennings describes him self as store operator — mayor 
— justice of the peace — porter — dog catcher — 
“ Anything to m ake a buck.” 
Jennings came to San 
Antonio from Louisville 
— fleeing the cold winters. With no exper­ ience. he took over the 
Pipe Creek grocery in 
1951. 
“ I had been a musician in Louisville but under a terrible handicap — I had a genuine lack of talent.” 

No man has done more to preserve the memory of Policarpo Rodriguez, early day 
Texas Indian scout and guide, than rancher 
Lane Langford, whose ranch is on Privilege 
Creek in the area once owned by Rodri­ guez. 
Langford, as a small boy, knew 
Rodriguez 

Peacocks 

 lit the cedars and oaks around the 
Langford home is a large flock of 
Langford peacocks What a sight they make in th6 wonderful setting of Hill 
Country cedars and oaks. 
But the most unusual anim al the Langfords have is a rugged Russian wild boar. With his great tusks what a ferocious anim al he seems. But 
I.angford says he can get in the pen with him without danger. He was found as a pig only utmut | two weeks old. 
Langford has cross­ bred him with Unmeant sows. Sausage from meat] of the offspring has an unusual and fine flavor 
But there are so many things about today ’*» Pipe 
( reek — 
One of the strongest supporters of life in Pipe 
(reek is Dr Charles W 
Ret ley, whose raneh 
(here has many of one ut 
Uie unusual trees m Un I 

SILENCE IS GOLDEN 
Save! 
MUSIC IS STERLING 

SPECIAL FACTORY PURCHASE! 

A complete system for less than the price of the receiver alone! 

The Akai A S 1o7o A M T M Stereo Receiver delivers an out­ standing 5o watts per channel R M S at 8 ohms from 2o to 
2o,ooo Hz, with no more than o.3% total harmonic distor­ tion. A pair of Elite Model 45 12-inch, 3-way speakers and a Pioneer PL 115D belt drive turntable complete with base, dust cover and Audio-Technica AT-13ooE cartridge. 

O N L Y 599.95 

SAVE $9o 

PANASO NIC STEREO SY STEM 

Tile Panasonic R A o6oo A M /FM Stereo Receiver with built- in 8 track player /recorder delivers a continuous power out­ let of 12 watts per channel R M S at 8 ohms from 4o 2o,ooo 
Hz with no more than o.8% total harmonic distortion A pair of Elite Model 25 8 inch. 2 way speakers and a B SR Mark ll automatic changer complete with base, dust cover & cartridge 

REG 489 8o 399.95 

COMPACT AM/FM STEREO RECEIVER WITH 
BUILT IN 8 TRACK PLAYER/RECO RDER & 
RECORD CHANGER WITH 
2 WAY SPEAKER SYSTEM 199.95 
ONLY 

JOHNSON 
Messenger 13o A 

RADIO 

REG. 

199.95 
79.95 

CRAIG 41o2 
CB 
RADIO 

59.95 

SWB HS CBMK 
CB ANTI THEFT 
BRACKET 
7.95 

AEC SWR 4o 
STANDING WAVE 
BRIDGE AND FIELD 
INDICATOR 

O N L Y 14.95 

F U Z Z B U ST E R 
PARAM ETRIC 
RADAR RECEIVER 
Put on your dash and drive relaxed! 

REG. 1o9.95 89.95 

I JEN SEN C-9853 
? CO AXIAL 
2 Way Speaker 
System 
1o Oz. Magnets 

REG. 61.95 39.95 

RECOTON BUX 5 
OUTDOOR SPEAKER 
Weatherproof P A. 
Speaker for CB 
.95 

3M SCOTCH 
8 TR 9o 2 PAK 
Bag with two blank 
8 track cartridges, 
9o minutes each. 

REG. 5.98 3.99 

TECHNICS 
PUNCHES 8o WATTS 

T EC H N IC S SA-85ooX produces a superb 8o watts per channel R M S at 8 ohms in 2-channel, 26 R M S watts at 8 ohms in 4 channel, both modes from 2o 2o,ooo Hz with no more than o.5% total harmonic distortion. And the list of features on this model just goes on and o n — Wow! 

O N L Y 5 PER STO R E 399.95 

ISS 

E L E C T R O ­ 
V O IC E 
EVS-16B 
12” 3- way 
STEREO 
SPEAKER 

REG. 139.95 
89.95 

T EC H N IC S by Panasonic 
SL 2o 

B E L T -D R IV E T U R N T A B L E 
W ITH A U D IO T E C H N IC A 
AT 11ooE C A R T R ID G E 

REG. 139 9o 99 OO 

C L A SS IC 
L-25o 
8” 2 way 

STEREO 
SPEAKER 

REG. 69 95 
39.95 

BSR M A R K IV 
C H A N G E R 
With base, dust cover and cartridge. 

REG. 99.95 79.95 

SW S 7o8 
IN D A SH 8 T R A C K 
TAPE P L A Y E R W ITH 
A M /F M R A D IO & 
Audiovox CO SC 1o 
S P E A K E R S 

REG. 125.9o 99.95 

C R A IG T6o2 
C A SSE T T E C A R ST E R E 
W ITH A M /F M R A D IO & 
Audiovox COSC-2o 
S P E A K E R S 

REG. 159.9o 129.9! 

SWB SX 1o1D 
S T E R E O C A SSE T T E 
TAPE D E C K W ITH 
D O L B Y 

REG. 179 95 129.95 

AUDIOTEX 52o3 
STEREO 
HEADPHONES 

REG. 39 95 29 95 
STERLING 
SOUND 

CB AND CAR STEREO 
INSTALLATION AVAILABLE!! 

 r n fetes*?*] 

717 N W LOOP 41o 
14o7 S W MILITARY OR. 
411 PAT BOOKER RD. 
OPEN 3 NIGHTS A WEEK! 
341-8111 
924-5951 
658-7o77 
MON. THURS, FRI 1o-9; 
(UNIVERSAL CITY) 
TUES & WED 1o6; SAT 9 6 

Page I 2-H H Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 
Old scout’s legend still lives 

46oo 
SAN PEDRO 
735-9173 

OPEN SUNDAY 12-6 
CLOSED SATURDAY 
M O N THRU FRI 
I Oa.m.-7p.m . 

Basics 

LEARNING e x act k n o w le d g e about w a te rin g , fe e d in g and lig h t yo u r plant needs will help it live longer 

One of the best ways to avoid plant problems be­ fore they begin is to know exactly w hat you're doing and why. and precisely what your p a r tic u la r plant needs. 
The following b asics should help you with some of the “ whats” and 
“ whys:” 
• 
Food required for plant growth is manufac­ tured in the leaves and distributed throughout the plant. 

• The leaves require a constant and uniform supply of nutrients which are moved up from the roots. 
• 
Roots take up the n u trien ts (raw m a t e r ­ ials) in a water solution. 
• In order for roots to perform their function, air is required in the soil. 

• For the plant to grow and thrive, the leaves and roots must be pro­ tected from temperature 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 
Page I help cure plants 

 extremes, strong winds, d isea ses, birds, weeds and insect pests. 
On the subject of pests, the best way to deal with the craw lin g, suckin g and flyign c r e a tu r e s which can harm and even tually kill your plants for brunch, you may not know tilt they're there until your plants starting showing signs of damage. 
To keep “ the spoilers” at bay. make sure your 

 plants are clean and in­ sect-free when you buy them, keep the area as clean as possible, use the best soil you can get. and. at the first sign of insect feeding, spray as needed with an in secti­ cide labeled for use for your particular plant 
A new bio-degradable pesticide. Ortho Ort bene 
Insect Spray can tx" used for most p lan ts, trees, sh rubs and other o rn a­ mentals commonly found 

 around the home and will control more than IOO in­ sect species. 
If your plant does suffer and invasion by - spoilers,” here are some com m on p e sts and symptoms to look for: 
Aphids are clusters of tiny bugs usually found on new growth. They will cause the foliage to be­ com e m alfo rm e d and discolored. 
Mites can be detected with a magnifying glass. 

Leaves will show signs of yellow ing which is caused by these insects sucking the plants juices, particularly during per­ iods of dry weather. Look for fine webs on the un­ derside of the leaves as a sure sign of mites when their numbers increase. 
M e aly b u g s are soft powder-covered insects that look like specks of cotton on the plant. They suck the plant sap from the foliage, causing de­ 

 formity and leaf drop. 

S c a le s g ath er on the leaves and stem s of the plant, and they too such su ck the plan t ju ic e . which results in p rem a­ ture leaf drop. There are hard and soft s c a le s which can be detected v itll the naked eye. 

Those are just some of the “ w h a ts.” “ w h y s” 
»and “ hows" of earing for your plants. 

SHADE TREES 

MAGNOLIA TREE 
. . . 36" toll, growing in I got .. 97’ eo. 1o for *9.5o 

PALM CHINESE FAN largo Bushy growing in 3 gal. c a n ..............................*3.99 

ARIZONA ASH 
. . .6 to 7 ft. tall growing in 3 gal. can.........................*3.99 

MIMOSA TREE 
... 5 to 6 ft. tall................... 97* ea. 1o for *9.5o 

SYCAMORE TREE 
. . . 5 t o 6 ft. tall...........................97* ea. IO for *9.5o 

WEEPING WILLOW 
...4 toSft.tall................... 97‘ ea. IO for'9 .5 o 

COLORFUL PLANTS FOR NOW 
PLANTING 
BEGONIAS 
Bloom ing... growing in 3" pots 
4 9 ’ e a .l o f o r * 4 .5 o 
COLEUS 
Growing in 3" pots 
................... 
4 9 * e a . 1 o f o r * 4 .5 o 
IMPATIENS, (Sultana) 
Blooming... growing in 3" pots 4 9 ‘e a .lG fo r 4 .5 o 

 fan tasia 
Growing in.3!’. pots 
4 9 ’ea. 1o fo r'4 .5 o 

SHRUBS AND 
HEDGE PLANTS 

REG. $2.98 
POMEGRANATE TREE 
WONDERFUL VARIETY 

2 /3 ’ tall...... 97* ea. I o for *9.5o 

REG. $1.19 
CALIFORNIA PRIVAT HEDGE 

2 /3 ’ toll 
59*.a IO for *5.5o 

REG. $1.99 
W AXLEAF SHRUB 

I gal. s ir e 97* ea. I o for *9.5o 

REG. $1.49 
GRAPE VINES 

Block Spanish or Edna .. 69’ OO. IO for *6.5o 

SOIL PREPARATION 
PUNTING MIX 
*1.39 aa. 4 for *5.25 
Top SOIL 
J* lh. HK*............’ 1.39 m . 4 for ’5.25 
SHEEP MANURE 
4o lh. Mih............‘ 1.39 OO. 4 for *5.25 
COW MANURE 
4o lh. «Kh............‘ 1.39 OO. 4 for *5.25 
PLANTS FOR MAKING 
HANGING BASKETS 
Growing In 3” Pot* 
BEGONIA 
... Blooming 
.*1.39 9 o . 3 for *3.9o 
AIRPLANE, 
Variogatod or Groan .*.1.39 aa. 3 for *3.9o 

SPRENGER! FERN . .*1.39 ta. 3 for *3.9o 

PtUMOSA FERN.. .*1.39 to. 3 for *3.9o 

PLANTS FOR NOW PLANTING 

TOMATO PLANTS 

Spring Giant, individually potted. 
IO*. 6.55 

PETUNIA PUNTS 
RED 
Commando, individually potted. 
IO*. 6,.55* 

PATK) TOMATOES 

Growing in 5” pots. 
79* IO‘7io 

INDOOR FOLIAGE 

ASSORTMENT 

Growing in 3" Pot* 

CHOOSE FROM: 
JADE PUNT 
__ 
Easy to grow.............49 ea. 1o for 4.5o 
SCHEFFLIRA 
M 
49* ea. IO for *4.5o 
NEANTHA BILLA 
PALM 
49* ea. IO for *4.5o 
AIRPUNE PUNT 
49* ea. IO for *4.5o 
CHINESE 
EVERGREEN 
49* ea. IO for *4.5o 

INDOOR FOLIAGE 

FLUFFY RUFFLE FERN 
^ _ 
Growing in 4" p o ts.......... I .39oa. 3 for 3.9o 

POTHOS IV Y ...................... 19* ea. limits 

Davits Ivy most popular of indoor vinos. 

ZaeT 
SAN ANTONIO NURSERYMEN’S ASSOCIATION 

In addition to the three liable nutrients, it con­ tains iron, m anganese and zinc, which are ne­ c e ssa r y to m ain tain healthy plant growth, 
This “ 5-1U-5" should be applied weekly or on; o ilie r w aterin g! schedules 

Follow in g the 
“ number* gam e” is im­ portant, but good ferti­ lizing practices will not substitute (or good plant cure. It is essential that proper watering, drain­ age, light control, and oilier good growing prac­ tices be followed 
(iambic on good plant tare, not guesswork 

SPECIAL G O O D 
FRIDAY, SATURDAY, 
SUNDAY AN D 
M O N D A Y, 
FEBRUARY 1 1 , 1 2 , 
13, 14 AT ALL 
NURSERIES LISTED 
ON THIS PAGE 

All commercial fertili­ ze re are labeled by the percentages of nitrogen phosphoric acid and po­ tash they contain. For ex am p le, the form ula! 
5-1o-5 indicates that the1 fertilizer contains five per cent nitrogen, IO per cent phosphoric acid and five per cent potash. 
The stren gth of the formula will dictate the amount to he applied. 

 food 

If you're new to the outdoor gardening scene or caught up in in the cu rren t house plant craze, you may not be aware of the “ numbers g a m e ” and its im p o r­ tance to your p la n t s ’ health. 
.Just a s we h u m an s need our daily ration of v itam ins to stay w ell I plants need their daily supply of nutrients. They get it from the fertilizers, and that's where the 
“ numbers gam e” comes 
.in. 

Community “ARBOR DAYS” 

SHOP WITH CONFIDENCE— 

Your Son Antonio Nurserymen offer special bargains 

SHOP ONLY MEMBERS OF SAN ANTONIO NURSERYMEN^ ASSOCIATION. 

 loo little fertilizer can be ineffective, and too much can be dangerous! or deadly to the plants. 
Which formula do you use? Should the fertilizer be fast-acting or slow? 
When do you fertilize? 

Three new fertilizers have ju st been in tro ­ duced which take much of the guesswork out of garden and container plant c a r e , and each meets a specific garden­ ing need. 

I 
Ortho General Purpose. 
Plant Food 12-6-H con­ tains — you guessed it! 
— twelve per cent nitrogen, six per cent phosphoric acid and six per cent potash. It's a' tim e-released fertilizer which m eans you only I have to apply it once every three or four months, and it gives an immediate, constant and continuing supply of nu­ trients to grow ing plants. 

Since nitrogen is the key nutrien t in the growth rate, this plant food includes Nitroform, 
(F re a fo rm a ld e h y d e ) a proven source of slow re­ lease organic nitrogen. It should be applied just before or at p lan tin g time, and In* sure to fol-j low the instructions on the label for recoin-! mended dosage 
I 
Another ti me-released. iertilizer is Ortho Pot and Planter Food 5-1o-5. 
It is obviously especially rich in phosphoric acid 
( re m e m b e r the 
“ n u m b ers gam e-: 
IO equals IO per cent) to encourage good root de­ velopment in both out­ door and indoor con ­ tainer plants. It also con­ tains \U niform for the slow release of organic nitrogen. 

You only have to apply! it once every four to six; months, following tin* la-j 
U*l directions. 
Ortho 
House 
Plant 
Food 5-1o-5, as the name indicates, is specifically for indoor plants. I f s a, liquid fertilizer that can be applied directly on the! soil, or mixed with water at the time the plants are watered. 

V 
V 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 12 1977 

IT’S PURPLE MARTIN TIME! 

Lamp Post 
BIRD FEEDER 
SJO*5 

 you day. won t have to load every day. 
It holds a full 1o-lbs. of seed. 
Attracts all type birds. Steel with a wrought iron finish. 
Roof: 13’/?" sq. overall ht.: 
84'. Food container has four clear panels. Special tray pre­ vents loss of grain. With squir­ rel baffle and pole. 

PURPLE MARTIN 
HOUSE 

ALL ALUMINUM 
12 COMPARTMENT 
KIT $ 3 3 o o 

6 COMPARTMENT 

KIT $ 2 5 ° o 

 t h e original sate lliteR bird feeder 

FASCINATING 
FEEDER 
FOR SMALL 
BIRDS 

$ 9 
» * 

J* PATIO rn 

1 o 4 7 N.E. Loop 4 1 o 
B etw een B road w ay 
A N acogdoches 

8 2 8 - 2 8 o 7 

H erb carpets used 

B a c k in the days of 
K in g A r t h u r , w hen a k i n g ’ s c a s t l e w as his home, they didn’t have wood flo o r s or fa n c y rugs, so they used a c a r ­ pet of fr a g r a n t h erb s. 
And one of the favorite herbs for the royal feet was thyme. 
T o d a y , we d o n ’t use plants for rugs, but the pleasant arom a of thyme still g r a c e s m an y g a r ­ dens and homes. 
In Spain, you can find thyme growing all along the M editerranean coast adding its sweet sm ell to the picturesque country­ side. 

F or your own garden. grow it in lots of sunlight and dry soil; and when in full bloom, clip the tops and use them , sparingly in soups stuffings, and with just about any m e a t. 

T h y m e is one of the most versatile* herbs and can also be used with vegetables, according to the Ortho garden book. 
“ All About V eg etables.’’ in many creative and un­ ique ways. 

CO M PARE 
LAWNS OF BEAUTY ,. 

NURSERY 

865o Bandera Rd. 
3 mi. outside loop 41o 

 with six com plete acres of nursery 

 stock to choose from at e ve ryd a y 

“ Farm to yo u ” prices... 

A N D SAVI!!! 

French chefs love tarragon 

 fowl!MDH 

T U y **te 

A lon g the M e d it e r r a n e a n c o a s t . w here h erb s grow wild and so do 
French chefs, the king who rules the seasonings of F ren ch cooking is ta r r a ­ gon. K ing T a r r a g o n is not only a fav o rite a m o n g the c h e fs , but the people as well, and it can be a tasty asset to your home for fam ily and friends. 
T a rra g o n h as a long, in te re stin g history, and not always as a seasoning. 
Hippocrates considered it one of his best m edicines, and Fren ch peasants used it as a cure for the bites of mad dogs. 
Today, cooks don’t worry too much about mad dogs, and use the licorice- 

 like tasting herb for the lively flavor it can add to seafood, salads, om elets and a num ber of other recipe delights. 
G row in g you r own ta rra g o n will m ake the herb even m ore appealing, c la im s the ortho book. “ When T h e 
Good Cook G ard en s,” because it’s a lovely, bushy p e re n n ia l w hich can decorate your flower border beautiful­ ly. or grow lavishly in a pot. 
P u rch ase the plant while it’s young, pot it in sandy soil, and soon you'll be able to pick the leaves that you grew yourself. 
Then, let the leaves steep in a bottle of vinegar, and you’ll have the base for a h o m e m a d e s a la d dressing. 

XtK rra 

PAUL'S 
NEW STORE 
GREEN GRAND OPENING 
I H U f Y l D 
SALE G O O D FIVE DAYS— FEBRUARY l l , 12, 13, 14, 15 

CELEBRATING SU SPECIALS 

Shop Our New Store 
At 51o3 BLANCO RD. 
MANAGER ALBERT GRIMM JR. 
SPECIALS ALSO GOOD AT 85 HABY DR. 

49* ea. IO for 54so Buys 

Jade Plant, Sthefflera Neonfha bello Palm, Air Plant, 

Chinese Evergreen, Blooming Begonia, Colems, Impa­ tiens and Fantasia (Grown in 3 Inch Pots) 
PLANTING MATERIAL 
$1.39 la. 4 for $5.25 Buys 
• Potting Soil .................................. 4 o lbs. 
• Top Soil ....................................... 5 o lbs. 
• Sheep Manure .............................. 4 o lbs. 
O Cow M a n u r e 
4 o lbs. 

ONIONS 
I 
C A L IF O R N IA 
Yellow Bermuda 
I 
P R IV IT 
. A , 
I 
? to 3 Ft Tall B R 
BUNCH 49‘ 
J 
59 eo.lO for $5.5o 

97* ea. 1o for *9So Buys 

• Magnolia tree I gal. 
• Mimosa 5-6' B.R. 
4 
Sycamore 5-6', B R. 
• Willow 4-5' B R. 
I 
• Pomegrenate 2-3' B R 
• Waxleaf I gal. 

* I " l a . 3 lot *3*° Buys 

Ficus Benjamina I gal. 

* 139 Ea. 3 for $39# Buys 

• Fluffy Ruffle Fern 4 " Pots 
• Begonia in Bloom 
5” Pots 
• Air Plant 5 " Pots 
• Sprenger, Fern 
5 " Pots 
• Plumosa Fern 5 " Pots 

DEVIL IVY 

2ft INCH 
POT 
Limit 3 
Ea. 

G R A P E S: 

Black Spanish A Edna 
69' la. 1o for 

P A T IO 
T O M A T O 
S-inch Pot 
79’ ea. IO for $7.5o 

T O M A T O 

Sp rin g G iant-Peat Pot* 
IO’ ta. 6 for SS’ 

PETU N IA 

Red Com m onche-Peot Pot* 
IO' ta. t Im SS' 

V ISIT OUR GREEN HOUSES AT 922 W. H ILDEBRANO 
RARE A UNUSUAL PUNTS — String of Beads, String of Hearts, Begonia Foliosa, Iron Doss Begonia, Barros Tail. 

IMPERIAL PECAN TREE 
HYBRIDIZED FOR LOCAL AREA 
ABOUT" 28 NUTS TO A POUND 

DWY; PEACH & NICTORINE TREE 

• EMPRESS 
• NECTORINA 
• SOUTHERN SWEET • B O N A N Z A 
$ o 9 5 
TC 5'Go1 
A r 
Cont 

N K W : 
$ < * 5 o 
• RABBITEYE BLUEBERRIES 
............. I-GAI 
4 # 

I 
I 
V 
I e BRAZOS BLACKBERRIES REG 2 25.... 1-GAL. 
I 

PINE BAKK MULCH 
$ 4 
3-C.F. BAG ....................... m 

9 8 

BWF. AZALEAS a WHITE a PINK 
£ rn a RED 
M a SALMON 
................. 2-GAL 
Mi” 

HANGING BASKETS 
A L R E A D Y P L A N T E D 
• FERN o BEGONIA 
( M O C 
• SEDUM f LANTANA 
FROM 5 
UP 
FIG TREES 

I £owhAtu.«y 
3 TO 
C f ] e B U C K MISSION 
4 FT. e TEXAS EVERBEARING 
TALL 
M I” 

PECAN TREES: 

6 t o w r . » 
» 
. 
’ 9 
* 
I 

* I S 
! 
! 
IO TO 1 2 - F T . 
$ 
1 
o 
• C H O C T A W 
Reo 24 9 5 
| Y 95 

INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 

SERVICE AND GUARANTEED WORK 
BEDDING PLANTS 
For Spring Flowers 
* 8 A f 
6— Plants Per Tray rn rn TRAY 

PLANT THAT GARDEN NOW! a SEED POTATOES t*gS 
(Red or W hit.) . 
I-Lb....2o 
IO Lbs.... I 

FRUIT TREES: 

Apple, Peach, Plum, Pear and £ am a b 
Apiicot 
▼ f i Y i 
3 to 5 Ft........... ..................... 
N J 

• ARTICHOKES 
$ a SO 
I -Gallon ................................ 
■ EA. 

O VEGETABLE PUNTS 
Tray of six ....................................... rn rn 

O PURPLE VIOLET 
$ a a a 

HERBS: 
o Oregano 
• Lemon Grass O Thymes 
O Lemon Balm 

* 
A O ( 4^ 
REG. 1.25 
YO UP 

ALTHEA 

Single & Double 
3 to 
$495 
4 Ft. el 

O ASPARAGUS ROOTS 
A e 
8 to Gallon ................ rn rn a STRAWBERRY PLANTS 
$«oo 
Sequoia .................................. 
£ dei. 

FIG IVY 
Wall Covering 
»n 
$ I 59 i se sol, 
I 

PUSSY WILLOW 
4 TO * ,o 5 Cf 
5 FT. 
$C9S 
TAU .......... ? 

 e CAMELLIAS 
$A9S 
In Bud & Bloom Reg. 12.5o 
Sale rn e FLOWERING TREES 
$ A A e 
Peach and Plum-5 to 6 ft................... ie ae 23 

• GRAPEVINES 
$ ] AO 
Thomson seedless, Fredonia ............ 
I • M w 

• NEVER TOO LATE FOR A GREENHOUSE 
• GRAPEVINES 
$ * C A 
Rad Ruby .................................. 
A i # V 

RANUNCULUS PLANTS 
ANEMONE PLANTS or. *2$° 
Pelted 
J J » V Hoi. 

BOXWOOD & DWF. HOUY 

I-G allon 
A 
Q t 
Reg. 1.98 ...................... Sale T O 

FOLIAGE & TERRARIUM 
Plants for Indoor 
R A O / a p p 
Use or Other .................... 
I U /O O F F 

HEIM. GLADIOLUS 
" J " * bulbs m 
9o 
ZEBRA 
^ 
T V 
STRIPPED 
A 
Do:. 

15 TO 2o 
Varieties 

MINIATURE ROSES 
*3” 
POTTED 

 ofwn daily 8-7 p.m. 
684-211o 

PAUL S PREMIUM ROSES 
Over 2oo Most Popular Van*not 
OUTSTANDING ROSES FOR 
PERFORMANCE FRAGRANCE 
AND COLOR 

 t TREE ROSES • TREE PATIO • CUMBERS 
) 
FROM THE BEST GROWERS 

# California 
# Jackson 

# A n d Parkin. 
FROM *3 
5o 
ANO 
Ut 

CONCRETE AND CLAY 
PRODUCTS 
1o% 
DISCOUNT 

Squares, rounds, curbing Circles, Pots, 
Saucers, bud baths 

PLANT BULBS NOW 

FOR SPRING AND 
SUMMER FLOWERS 

NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 

DURING WEIK LONG SALE 

85 HABY DR* 
51o3 BLANCO RD* 
NURSERY 
NURSERY 

3 4 2 -4 8 8 7 
3 4 2 -4 8 8 8 
LANDSCAPE PH. 7344461 

M IW S T O M N O W S 
• ta o I . A P .M . D A U T 

IUNOAV 
IO A .M . I * o P .M . 
IA N Pf (M O * V I 

O ld W o r ld d id n ’ t a p p re cia te to m a to 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February I 2 1977 
Pag® 3 

■Back in the 15th and 
IHth centuries, the New 
World produced exciting food discoveries for the 
Old World, but none took so long to be appreciated as the tomato. 

Tomatoes were used for centuries in South 
America and Mexico, and are recorded as being cultivated in France. 
Spain and iPaly as early as 1544. However, the red 

 vegetable was grown only as a curiosity in England as late as the mid-17th century. 
In America, pioneering frontiersmen were not as courageous as they rniqht 
GRIMM’S i/onr cc mph ta professional center 

1 
NORTHEAST 
NORTHWEST r ^ 

^ 
- - - - 1 
6 9 2 3 Son P e d ro s u n d a y O OO O OO 
' 
B a n d e r a R d . . 
■ 

1 
P h .3 4 4 - 4 5 7 6 
P h . 4 3 4 - 4 1 1 1 

FRESH STOCK 
CALIFORNIA ROSES! 
NEW and OLD! AU AMERICAN ROSES 

GROWING IN 2 gal. CANS, TAGGED TRUE 
TO NAME. ONLY PROVEN VARIETIES FOR 
SAN ANTONIO. HYBRID, GRAND FLORAS, 
FLORA GUNDAS & CLIMBERS - GUARAN­ 
TEED. 
$ o 9 8 

UP 

. U*iff 

 t- 
Fresh Arrival Beet Paper * Shell 
Varieties For San Antonio and Sur- rounding Areas. 
PECAN TREES | 
I 
C H O O S E F R O M 
§ 

★ CHOCTAW ★ STUART 
» 
+ M O H AW K ★ SUCCESS ★ CHEROKEE I 

* 4 ’,? 
7 8- *1 5 ’u? 
I 
I I 

18-24” 

8-1o’ ‘ 19" 

VALENTINE 
POT PLANTS 

A F R IC A N V I O L H S .................. 
2 .9 7 

M IN IA T U R E R O S E ...................... 
3 .4 7 

Z E B R A P U N T S .......................... 
3 .6 7 

C Y C U M E N S ................................. 
7 .9 7 

H A N G B A S K E T S ......................... 
9 .9 7 

Sr 
EXTRA LARGE PECAN TREES 
Reg. 79.95 s e n n o w *6 4 .9 7 
I A B e g . / T .T 
3M U 
N O W 
O N . 7 1 rn 

^ 2 'A " R e g . 1 4 9 .9 5 S M I ... n o w 
* 9 7 . 4 7 I 

BLOOMING ORCHIDS 

 t a * * f W d $ 
5 

3o To 35 
Blooms 

EXTRA LARGE-MARING SIZE 

7 TO 8 FOOT B/B 
FRUIT TREES 

I V t" fu ll, Elberta Peaches 

I VV" Full, Hole Haven Peaches 

 i V V fu ll, Sam Houston Peaches 

I V V fu ll, Santo Rosa Plums 

I V V Foil, Bruce Plums 

Y O U R 
$ 

CHOICE 
1 4 
9 8 

UP 

R udy says: 
B/R FRUIT 
TREES 
Beautiful, heavy, developed trees. 5-6 ft., 7-6 ft. large 
Selective Varieties of: Peaches, 
Pears, Plums, Apricots, Cher­ ries, Nectarines. 

N O W 

$6 98 

U P 

GERANIUMS 
★ BEAUTIFUL 
★ BUDDED & 
BLOOMING 
IN 4” POTS 
$ 1 2 7 

EA . 
NOW 

San Antonio Nurserymen 
ARBOR DAY TREE SALE 

TOM ATOES • Spring Giant.. . 

Petunias - Camanche............ 
Pothos Ivy 2'/*'' P e t............... 
Jade J" P o t...................................... 
ScHoffktro 3” Pat........................ 
Neantha Bella 3" Pot............ 
Airplane Plant 3 Pot............ 

Chinos* Evergreen 3" Pat. 
California Privet 2-3’............ 
G rapes, Modi Spanish, Edna. 
M agnolia Ir e * I gal................ 
M im osa S-6'................................... 

IO® 
6 /554 
1o4 
6 /554 
194 lim it 3 

494 1o /4 .5 o 
494 1o /4 .5 o 
494 1o /4 .5 o 
494 1o /4 .5 o 

494 1o /4 .5 o 
594 1o /5 .5 o 
694 1o /6 .5 o 
9 74 1o /9 .5 o 
974 1o /9 .5 o 

Sycamore 5-6 '................................ 9 74 1o /9 5 .o 

W eeping W illow 4-5'.......... 9 74 1o /9 .5 o 

Pom egranate................................. 9 74 1o /9 .5 o 

W a xlea f I gal........................ 9 74 1o /9 .5 o 

Ficus Benjom ina I gal 
1.3 9 3 /3 .9 o 

Fluffy Ruffle Fern 4" P o t ... 1.3 9 3 /3 .9 o 

Planting M ix 4o lh. 
1.39 4 /5 .2 5 

Top Soil so Ut.................................... 1.3 9 
4 /5 .2 5 

Sheep M anure 4o lh 
1.3 9 4 /5 .2 5 

Cow M anure 5o Ut 
1.3 9 4 /5 .2 5 

Ariio n a A s h .................................................................3.99 

R ud y Says: 

OW IS THE TIME 

TO FEED YOUR TREES 

 fe rti-lo m e 

TREE AN D SHRUB 

FOOD! 

MAKES TREE 

FEEDING EASY! 

N O HOLES TO D IG — 

Has Penetrating Action 

TREE & SHRUB FOOD 

‘ 4 
. 9 
5 

* 8 . 9 5 

B A G 

VEGETABLE AND 
BERRY TIME 
Po* Bt or I Bad * Whitt, 
■•O' *e« lh. .............................Nm 2 o ' lb . 
Sallot* (IO aor pkg ). 
Bog. I.se ......................... h . 97* 
Onion tot*, whit*, yellow * rod 
11 oo aor pkg.), tog. I .ae ..n o * 9 7 ' 
Dewberry I gal. Reg. I.B i tho 
1 .4 7 

 pkg.), tog. 
Mao 2 .1 7 th ilk ord-Crimier- led (J aor pkg.). Bog. I.et ....... ■ ■■■ 
Wa» 2 .4 7 

(» aor a**.). Boe- 
•••• 
2 .6 7 

(t aor pfcg-)- tog. i m — no* 2 .4 7 
C Hiking Thai id »m Mock homy 
(pkg-}. *og. S.4B ...................... Moo 2 .4 7 
Aw*tin Dewberry (pkg.). tog. s ee ............................ Me* 2 .4 7 
Thorn!*** Boysenberry (pkg.). 
■eg. s.«e ........................................ Me* 2 .4 7 

Beau tiful 
RANUNNCULUS PUNTS 

S P E C I A L 2 9 * 
Each o r * 2 .9 o P e r D o z . 

(]r em Ilf), Ame rn a! 
Grow Healthy 
Beautiful Plants it i/li \nti<inull\ /i*'ri<g*ri .* 

B AC C TO / W n r 7‘ 

Tin* is ludnc's ideal grow­ ing medium tor ait plant­ ing Uke;* including house piautk, tintings, seed ll.its bulbs and window boxe*s. 
BUY NOW! 

O 
% 
NOW 
JL J 
SACK 

I N D I O 

ZOYSIA GRASS 

Reg. 3 .9 1 i» v t N O W 
$ 
3 
4 9 s* rd. 

DECORATIVE BARK1 

LAR G E, M ED. A N D SM AIL 

Rey. 5.99 
YOUR 
CHOKE 
$4 

97 

 l i l t iw ll ll 

• T O T T I N G b o te 

$2 

H ill 
87 

 ferti louie 

D O R M A N T 

S P R A Y 
& 
S U M M E R 
O IL 

D O R M A N T 
SPRAT 
Control k a le on 
FLOW ERS, 

SHRUBS, 
TREES 
DU RING 

D O R M AN T 
A N D 
SUMM ER 

M O N TH S. 

' C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N 

LU I POT AMO BALRAM 

Ty hank ter eny deter rn er eutwde we 
Reg W R 
| M « t 

«f/1 OUK JU 
A 

 c o b B a fa ic o u P o 7 n»r555 S5 f f ! 

B / l ARBORVITAE 
24 ie JR" litre ful herdy 
•vergreee ter eueat rn 

H $494 
$*||7 

W COUPON 
J 

O ilA M P fP 

 t i JO 
MOS 

F IA T MOSS 
ISM ll dad Pew fir 

8*6 U H e n i f 
Rf/COUPON 
• I 
UNH* 
■MPMRMMM mil 
»... 
T4 
....................... 

 mmE y itin Ion' 

Reg U H 
W COUPON 

 freeie 

• I J 7 

NIA TNI M UA PAUL ljd. ll 74 fare tmh 

Plant* tetereece fer Set 
Areel leg. | i R 
WA(ouruh 
I J t t 

B o r n e o l 
J 
Pol titre Aha alani* tai ion punting I plantar ha tat w/Cmmm n e w i u w r w t / f i j a 

( H O L IN A JESSAMINE 
I gal IS l f *tak ad M aval gaan nna, budded 4 

. T 
S 
S 
, 
‘ a 
* ’ 

 g »> p i t a * * » —- a—ar A—jjpd'ihWaa.a » — - a ^ q T a 

COUPON, 

LOQUATS 
I gel 
(b m 
I h la g * 

Staid* trunk v MA green 

 uann i g __ 

 have been. Only the bra­ vest souls ventured to eat the mysterious "fruit.” 
Littie by little though, the fame of these juicy new treats increased, and by 183.5 the versatile ve­ getable started achieving recognition 
The tomato has come a long way, and today we enjoy it in all sorts of ways in all shapes and sizes. And so long as you give them tender loving care and good soil, to­ matoes are easy to grow, according to the new 
Ortho book, "A ll About 

Tomatoes. 
However, if your toma­ to gardening has not been 
"fruitful," there may be something askew . 

When growing to­ matoes. a very important point to eomder is the temperature. Tomatoes will only set fruit in a very narrow temperature ranqe, and as strange as it seems, the night tem­ perature is more impor­ tant than the day. 
One of the most fre­ quent causes of blossom drop, for example, is 

 planting JI he tomatoes out in the garden while the nights are still too cold. lf you set the plants out before there are a few hours of darkness with temperatures above 55 degrees, the plant will lust sit there and sulk. To get a maximum harvest, night temperatures should be in the 6o to TO degree range 
On the other hand, night time temperatures which are too high — above 75 degrees — will also stop the tomatoes from forming. 

And, if there is a spell of \(>ry hot weather dur­ ing the day — in the Ohs 
— the plants may also suffer from a blossom drop with no yields 

What can you do about all this? It's easy: either plant your tomatoes iii a controlled environment. or at a time of tho year when you can he "sea­ sonably'’ sure of the weather. Another good idea is to check with a local garden shop, your county extension agent. or a good book. 

THE GREENERY 

A complete nursery for all 

 your gardening needs 

SEE US . . . FOR YOUR 
NURSERYMEN'S SPECIALS 
AND SPRING NEEDS. 
VALENTINE’S DAY 
GIFT PLANTS 

BBBB! 
HOURS: M ON.-SAT. 9-6 
SUNDAY 1o-5 
....... 
THE GREENERY NURSERIES INC. 
Brookhollow Shopping Conter 
151o2 San Pedro 
494-2523 
WE DELIVER 
OLFE NURSERIES ARBOR DAY TREE SALE 
OPEN MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. - SUNDAY IO a.m. to 6:oo p.m. 

PHOTOS 
IVY 

Devils Ivy Bast Indoor vino plant, grow ing in container. 

 ea. 
LIMIT 3 

 b m I 
FREE! SOIL TEST 

■ u t. l . i:__- i_n.. 
_ 

Balloons, Candy or Bubble 
Gum for the children at all 
Wolfe Nurseries. 

W a baliava everyone, especially those planting a vegetable garden this y e a r, should have their soil tasted. Visit any W oHe N ursery and pick up your in­ structions for a free soil tost. 

PERENNIAL PHLOX 
Riant now, don't wait. Red, pink, lavender, white, with red eye and other). 

7 9 m . 
3 . o , ’ 2 . 2 5 

SEED POTATO 
R e d o r W h ite 
5 .bs 9 9 ’ 

CALIFORNIA ARMSTRONG 
ROSE BUSHES! 
NEW CROP.. JUST ARRIVED 
PLANT NOW FOR BEST RESULTS 

Planted in one gallon cons, each a select rose, plant now for best results. Guaranteed. Double your money bock if you con find roses of better quality and better root system. 

* 2 .1 9 ML 
3 far *6 .5 o 
6 for * 1 2 .5 o 
M I X O R M A T C H 
C H O O S E FROM : 
W H I T E : 
P I N K : 
Blanche Mollerin 
Helen Traubel 
Frau Kart Druschki 
Tiffany 
First love 
China Doll 
Queen Elizabeth 
L O W G R O W I N G : 
Circus-Two-tone 
Chatter red 
Morgo Koster-oronge 
Fioradora-red 
Valentine-red 
C L I M B E R S : 
Cl. Aloho-pink 
Cl. Blaze-everblooming red 
Cl. Crimson Glory-red 
Cl. High Noon-yellow 
Cl. Peocf-Two-tone 
Cl. Sutter s Gold yellow 
Cl. White Dawn 
Cl. Chrysler Imperiol-red 
Cl. Queen Elizabeth-pink 
O R A N G E : 
Montezuma 

SUPER SPECIAL 
FOR THE 
THRIFTY BUYER 
791 

 aa. 

 aa. 

Iceburg 
Y E L L O W : 
Eclipse 
Lowell Thomas 
Sutter's Gold 
Buccaneer 

L A V E N D E R : 
Blue Girl 
Sterling Silver 
T W O - T O N E : 
Condesa De Sastogo 
Forty-Niner 
Peace 
Pres. Hoover 
R E D : 
Chrysler Imperial 
Crimson Glory 
Spartan 
Carrousel 
Mirondy 
Charlotte Armstrong 

BEAUTIFUL BLOOMING 
POT PLANTS 

REMEMBER Y O U R SWEETHEART 
BLOOMING AZALEAS 
A mass of bloom s. Bright Red. 
J * J O 
BLOOMING CROCUS lots of Blooms. 
I • Y O 
BLOOMING KALANCHOES 

Mass o f Rad Bloom s. 
’ 3 
. 9 
8 
. . . 

B L O O M I N G M U M S (Chrysanthem um s) 
...A ll colors, 15 to 2o 
"W O 

 bloom s grow ing in 6 " pots v J • i w n 
B L O O M I N G B E G O - 
N I A S . . . All C o lo r s 
T I . W ta 

A U POTS P U N TS RIAUTIFUUY GIFT W RAPPED AT A 
SLIGHT EXTRA CHARGE 
BEDDING PLANTS 
Pleat new Ear a beautiful colorful ford aN Sering . . . 6 ta I plant! par tray . . . PETUNIAS, Sing lot and Doable!, aN cotan. STLXX - Daubier ail calor! SNAPDRAGONS, alt catan CARNATIONS, all catan VERBENAS, all catan, 
6 ta 9 plant! par tray. 

♦or 
I ! / w 

D W ARF HEDGE 
Japan#!* boxwood . 

W A X LEA F 
» to 12" tail.................... 

59 * 

REG. $3.98 A $4.98 
BEAUTIFUL FOLIAGE 
PLANTS 

G ro w in g in 3 ” P o ts 

I Choose from: 
PHILODENDRON 
PERTUSSUM 
. 
PHILODENDRON - Tote Pole . . . FLUFFY RUFFLE 
I FERN . . . DRACAENA MARGINATA . . . PHILODEN­ 
DRON SEUoUM . . . FICUS BENJAMINA . . . ond 
Many Others 
Y O U R C H O I C E 
$2 . 9 8 ao 
2 for$5 , 5 Q 

PLANT WINTER VEGETABLES 
N O W 

C A B B A G E . . . C A U L IF L O W E R . . . B R O C ­ 
C O LI . . . B R U S SELS S P R O U T S . . . 6 To • p la n t* to tra y . 
5 9 * * ., 
3 .or * 1.75 
IfW U W M C O U P O N ^ W U U N 

PLANT THESE 
GOODIES N O W ! 
All planted in I gallon cans. 

"HUBARD VICTORIA , . * 1 . 9 9 . . 

HORS! RADISH 
9 8 ' - 

ARTICHOKE u>,g. plant! ... 1 . 9 9 - 

ASPARAGUS 
....................9 8 ' - 
BUCKBERRY LAWTON s i 
I to can................................................ 
I • “ 7 can 

BOYSENBERRY 
* 1 . 4 9 - 

DEWBERRY i m 
- 
* 1 . 4 9 — 

RASPBERRY I , . —............* 1 . 4 9 - 
GRAPE VINES ct—*., s i aq 

Niagara and Fredonia.................I *“ 
T aa. 

PLANT A FAST GROWING HEDGE 
LIGUSTRUM JAPONICA 
TUT*..... 19' . . l o ..,’ I ” 
LIGUSTRUM 

LBNTMMp iii 
’ l 4’ „ I O . . , ‘ 1 2 ’ ° 

SO 

B O R D E R G R A S S 
DARK GREEN...... 
M IX O R M A TC H 

I O .or *6 .9o 

~ w i « E f B 
A 
M 
K 
Balker* of eR kind! . . . To make thole plant pats look goad. We hove large ono.tmo.it at oar 
Wolfe Mu, vee rn en San Pedro, 
Perrin Boltel, Uni ven al Qty ond 
Broadway. 

K A N W 
K 
Beautiful assortment 
Thousand of pat! ta choose from 
...Reg. $1.99 ta $17,99. 

2 
o 
% 
D IS C O U N T 
STRAWBERRY 
PLANTS 

E v e r b e a r in g a n d la rg e Ju n e 

 b e a rin g v a r ie tie s . 

1 o p la n ts fo r * 1 * 9 9 

I N D IV I D U A L L Y P O T T E D 

2 9 * e g 
4 f o r » 1 . 1 5 

HAVE A BEAUTIFUL 
ROCK GARDEN 

W H IT E C R U SH ED AAARBLE 
SO lb . M ick 

* 1 . 9 9 sack 
5 fa r * 9 . 5 o 

L A V A R O C K R a d o r B la ck 

* 1 . 9 9 sack 
5 fo r * 9 . 5 o 
CALADIUM 
BULBS 
Mrftfl OTOO#** •‘Beta, IRPue^e groan, rad, pink. I wonderful col­ or!. 

U R G E B U L B S ... A ll C o lo rs 

2 o * „ 
5 . . , 9 
8 
' su m J U M B O S I H 

7 9 
' . . 
3 
. . , ’ 2 . 2 5 

C Y D O N I A J A P O N I C A flowering Quince . . . The Plant blee an ag e l ever the city new. 

$ r 
9e a 
2 fo r * 3 « S o 

FEID PECAN TREIS 
NOW ! 
Infoy k ■ aurite! Pm* . Tree* and wenOertel caon - . 
ORBIN UONT 
PHAN I OOO . . ma!* (e*t rifk. 
** yr—y »r1y lee* P e w Tree*. 
Hlok kl Nm . . . 
IO b . ***k enough leek to property teed 5- 

1o lb . eock . . . . . * 3 .4 9 
25 lb. p o c k 
* 6 .9 9 

SCOOPff 
CAMELLIAS 

SUPER ARBOR DAY SALE 
PLANTS FOR NOW PLANTING 
TO M ATO PLANTS 
. A < . cc< 
Spring Giant, individually p o tte d ........... 
I U e a . o f o r 3 3 
PETUNIA PLANTS 
« A< . c c , 
(em mam bo, individually p a tte d 
I U 
OO. O f o r 3 3 
PATIO TOMATOES 
T n , 
«A tm c a 
Growing in 5" pot*................................... 
7 9 e a . 
I o f o r 
7 . S U 

INDOOR FOLIAGE 
ASSORTMENT 
G ro w in g in 3 " p o t! 
CHOOSE FROM: 

J A D E P U N T 
Easy lo grow . . . . 4 9 .o 
I O f a r * 4 .5 o 

S C H E F F U R A ... Id*,, indoor, 
4 9 ‘ e. 
I O for‘ 4 . 5 o 

N E A N T H A B E U A P A I M . . . 4 9 \ . . I O f o r * 4 .5 o 

A IR P L A N E P U N T ..................... 4 9 ’ . . . 
I O f o r * 4 .5 o 

CHINESE E V E R G R E E N 
4 9 ' . . . I O f a r * 4 .5 o 

INDOOR FOLIAGE 

* 1 . 3 9 . o 3 fa r‘ 3 .9 o 

* 1 . 3 9 . o 3 for * 3 .9 o 

F L U F F Y R U F F L E F E R N 
... Growing in 4” p et!.............. 

FIC U S B E N J A M I N A 
... 24" MI, growing in I ••I can 

COLORFUL PLANTS FOR 
NOW PLANTING! 

B E G O N I A S - B lo o m ..,, r r t growing rn J" p o l* ........................................ 4 V 
.a 
I O for * 4 .5 o 

C O L E U S .. Growing in 3" pot* . . . 
4 9 ’ ea I O far * 4 .5 o 

IM P A T IE N S — (Sultana), 
. _ to r n 
Bloom ing, grow ing in J' p o l l 
49 
. . . IU far 4.5U 

I A N T A S I A ..Growing in S p o t * .. 4 9 aa. I O far * 4 .5 o 

PLANTS FOR MAKING 
HANGING BASKETS 

B E G O N I A S h — 
I . 
. ' 1 . 3 9 — 
3 I . , ‘ 3 .9 o 

S 
E 
& r r r 
. 
* 1 . 3 9 - 
3 
. „ * 3 .9 o 

S P R IN G E R ! F E R N ........................* 1 . 3 9 — 
3 b , ‘ 3 .9 o 

P E U M O S A F E R N ..........................‘ 1 . 3 9 - 
3 i . , ‘ 3 .9 o 

SHADE TREES 

» ' LH 
9 7 - I O r ., ’ 9 .5 o 
M A G N O L I A T R E E growing in I gal can 
. 

C H IN E S E F A N P A L M 
Urge B u.h y 
..............* 3 .9 9 

A R I Z O N A A S H c a t ," 'h Io"' 
" 3 ’ oM°" 
* 3 .9 9 

M I M O S A T R E E - s t . 6 h tau 9 7 ’ . . 
1 o i . , * 9 .5 o 

S Y C A M O R E T R E E 5 •• 6 it 
. . h 9 7 ’ ^ 
1 o far * 9 .5 o 

W E E P IN G W I L L O W ... 
1 A 
4 ta 5 ft. .a h ..................................................... 9 7 ’ m, 
I O f . , * 9 .5 o 

SHRUBS AND HEDGE PLANTS 
K IO . $ 2 .9 8 
P O M IG R A N A T f W O N D ER FU L 
2 / J to# ............................................................... 
B I O . $ 1 .1 9 

C A L IF O R N IA P R IV E T 2 / 3 'te ll. 
R I O . $ 1 .9 9 

W A X L E A F 
I pollen t i l * .................... 
R I O . $ 1 . 4 9 
G R A P E S Hock Sparkill ar Idea . 

9 7 ’ . . 
I O , . , * 9 . 5 o 

5 9 ’ a * . 
I O far * 5 .5 o 

9 7 * aa. 
I O far * 9 .5 o 

6 9 * a. 
I O far * 6 .5 o 

I PLANT YOUR SPRING BULBS 
NOW FOR BEST RESULTS 

I G L A D IO L A B U L B S Urge bathe 2" diameter 
I mara Hon* thee. now. Ck earn from mixed, rad, yettew, 
| lavender, prater whim. g g . ^ 
*8 . o o hundred 

D A H LIA B U L B S 

|lerye u rn . che em ham red, pink, purple er wk 

 tale treat: 
I DAKU* D BM R PUNTS 
- AN colen ........................... 6 9 ee 3 tee‘ 1 .9 3 
ID ANLIA CACTUS _ AN eaten 
69* ea. 3 far 
*1 .9 5 lo ANLIA IQM POM — AR catan *9 * aa. 3 far 
M .9 S 
IDANUA M O W n - AN catan. 
6 9 ' aa. 3 far 
‘ I 95 
I VOO DOO BUUS, I hidb par package 
' I . I 9 pkg 
IaMARTUJS BUU, Mixed refer 
.................... 
79* rn . 

IttVNAMT (AB B U B ....................................... 
39* ea. 
I CALLA UUY BUA, White. yoNew er pink . . ’ 1 .1 9 pkg 
I CANNA ROOT - Dwarf Ph ilte r. 
2 par package...................................... *1 .1 9p kg. 
IT IM M I M O M A BUIS, Carnation, Honing er 
I , N ovelty................................................. *1 .1 9 pkg. 

ARMOUR RIVER PRIVET 
4 la 6 It. taM . . . a tg** 'I1' - 1of.'12 
FRUIT TREES 
BEARING SIZE 
PLUM TREES 

5 lo 6 f t . ta U . . . B a lla d a n d b u r fa p p a d . 
Ch OO M front hast variatiat 
PEAR TREES 

5 ta 6 f t . ta U . B a lla d a n d b u r fa p p a d . CIi o o m 

 f r o m : 
B a r to n , 
G a r b e r , 
Im p r o v e d 
K ie ff e r , 

K ie ffe r a n d L e c a n to . T h e m a ra b a a r in g s ilo . 
PEACH TREES 

A p p r o x . 6 f t . ta U , B a lla d a n d B u r fa p p a d . 
Choom from : Elberta, j.H . H ale, Keystene 
M elba, Po lloi, Early Elberta, Halo H aven, 
, _ A _ I rn ft A f t ft A ft OI *55 
*7.9 8 - 
2i.r*15.oo IPV EB G EM fer 

SOIL PREPARATION 

P L A N T I N G M I X , 4o it lack 
* 1 .3 9 ta c k 4 f o r *5 .2 5 

T O P S O IL , s o b . l a r k .......................... M .3 9 sa ck 4 f a r ‘ 5 .2 5 

S H E E P M A N U R E , 4o it la c k 
* 1 .3 9 sa ck 4 f a r '5 .2 5 

C O W M A N U R E , 4o 6 lack 
.............. ’ 1 .3 9 e a c h 4 fo r 
*5 .2 5 

FERTILIZE YOUR LAW N NOW ! 

A M 
O N I N U M 
S U L P H A T E s o l b . ta c k . . . * 4 . 9 8 

V I G O R O L A W 
N F O O D s o lb 
» a c k 
. . . * 5 . 9 8 

G R E I N G R O tim perfect lawn toad far San Antonie Imam 
12 6-6 with added hen 

$ 6 . 9 8 leek 
3 le e k, fer $ 2 o . o o 

$ 7 . 9 8 lack 
3 mck • far $ 2 2 . 5 o 

98;„ 5 tar *4.75 

D o r m a n t s p r a y 

Q U A R T . . . . 
VS O A L L O N . 

 g a l l o n . . . 

' J 
W 
E 
E 
S 
S 
V f e r 
S 
E 
J S 
H a 
H r n i i w b 
E 
S 
L 
K 
H 
S b 
MI, m 
£ I U 
MG u n 

C A N N A R O O ! 
C 
O R G A N I C P F A Y 

» 
E 
8 
^ 
^ 
Rf low qfOWtnq 
- — 
^ f 

 l r 
. 

B E R M U D A O N I O N 

S IT 

Bp to IOO sets per bog, 

 t) J p— k | UMH 4 bog. 

, tai, to* md Ma* > 

 large IC B w id dork 

NEW CROP SALE 
WOLFE PECANS ARE HERE! 

W o l f e N u r s e r i e s h a s s u p p l ie d T e x a s 
P a e a n n e e d s 

 f o r m a n y y e a r s . W e h o v e th is y e a r s c r o p o n h a n d 

 n o w . T h e s e a r e t h e m o s t b e a u t i f u l t r e e s I h a v e e v e r s e e n , good, h e a v y g r o w t h r o o t s y s t e m s . 
RIG. $22.99 PECAN TREES 
Apprai IO ft tad. 4 yr ald. pah t i (boom ham Stuart, Mchot, Da*«aktt. Sacco**. $ I U f f n 
S O G O O 
Marian ScMvy and (hecolua 
I / no A for 
J U 
REG. $19.99 PECAN TREES kppro* I h hi. groftod, 4 yr aid Chaa** ham MaPan, Stuart » Schiay. Daurokia l l C R S lucia** Omcatao and Okhrta 
I J 
REG. $1o.99 PECAN TREES 
2 a.’27>o 

Amra* I h tai. arohad, ) yr aid Cheat# 
Sclday. Dawroakt Soavt*. ham Mwmmi • 
* 8 ” 
- 2 ^ , ‘ 1 5 o• 
CITRUS TREIS 

J h t o K growing rn io n to m a n 
2 yr old, g ro ftod (h o o k a h orn 

B I H U N U B I , TAM GER INE, O R A N G E A N O U B O H 
$ 
*6 .99 aa. 
2 for * 1 3 .5 o 

P U N T A N O R C H A R D N O W 
Tho gravi d la right . .aa giant 

R IG . $ 2 .9 8 P R A C H T B U S 
3 r a m aw . . . I ta 4 It N r O . . . 
Cr Fhi6dP6^R 
JBRapBRnb RBRhdhfritsB rrrbbF ii* Ova am i athar* 
R I O . $ 2 .9 8 P L U M T B U S t r aw * at! . . . S ta 4 ti. ta * . . . 
I ha aaa Ira— Aina a, Amma Oaaa. 

B R O . $ 2 .9 8 P I A R T B U S 
I yaart aM . . . I ta 4 ti rail 

REO . $ 2 .9 8 N fC T A R IM I 
I yaant . . . I ta 4 N. tai . . . 
Chaa** 
Ara aa 
O a im aa— atta 
!—ra.raa 

Y O M C H o 4 C I 

*1 .9 9 a n l O l w 'I 7 . 5 o 
_ 
SHADE TREES 

WI NAVI A S B A . NEW SI ULT tot* 

 catena.* ASM. (NMA IMMtiLA. 
W W POPLAR, con (MUSS CO! 
TOWWOOe 
(MMU 
TALLOW, 

UXMUSA U TU 't*c MARIBRT 
Bl VSR MAPU AMB STUM M 

Y O U . C H O K * 

T H O M P S O N SEEDLESS 

G R A P ! V IN ! 

 fitra bug*, J i*or* aid 

68’ aa umn s 
((kg and bring Mw* (augen) iOsad he, ta*. Wa aa* Baa) 

 a. “ " 
" 
K 
S 
1 2 " - * 

• 
K 
. t t f j s 
: i 
S 
M 
- r 
J f f 
(—a* It. mn Wa m4 aka , 
. __ 

H 
P 
J s m m 
R l 

^t i v r j . u m w 
^ 
A 

 k ^ 
KWJMRTT $2 JO 
1 
UG S IN 

W A X L E A F 

IU C ID U M 
34 It 41 loN yeanng in ) gal ten 

‘ 3 ‘ V 
P U T S 

((bp and bring fbi* toucan; 
I aaa. NC, tai. Wa aaa 
> v t k m r m ® 

M O J A V E R O S E 

B U S H 
O'onft (alar „ 
I at mart y 
AAN fnnnai 

* 1 5# aa. 
U B ril! 
((bp and tx mg Mw* coupon) 
!6aaa tm,, tai, Wa aaUBaaj 

 t i 

 lo, 

WOLFE 

I. I SOT RUIZ I* 7 o o 7 SAN M O R O AVB. 

3. 37oo BROADW AY 4. 6 7 1 4 IO . FLORIS 

S. I 1S4 RAT BOOK IR RD UNIV KRAAL CITY 

4. BROZ PCRRIM-BItTIL 

Son Antonio EXPRES$:NEW S— Saturday February 12 1977 
Start tomato plants indoors 

W ITH proper care and knowhow, your tomato plants can grow as big as these 

Tomatoes can be the most rewarding crop in your garden if you know what you're doing. And, all you need to do for good results is to follow a few' sim ple rules. 
Tomatoes can more than pay for them selves in high yields from a sm all amount of space. But, they are not completely infallible and there are certain needs that must be fulfilled, according to the new 
Ortho book, “ All About Tom atoes.” 
Some folks just plop the plants in the ground and they flourish and produce all season. Chances are, though, that they do fill the tomato requirem ents, whether they realize it or not. 
The first mistake people make is to try’ to grow tomatoes in a shady location. Tom atoes need sun­ shine. They need at least six hours of direct sunlight every day. 
Better still, plant them where they will receive eight hours of direct sun. The best ones are grown in spots that receive sun all day. lf you find that the only spot you have in full sun is where you grow your choice flowers, mix in a few tomato plants. Stake them neatly and they will blend in beautifully — and give you pounds and pounds of fruit from just three or four plants. 
| 
The next m istake often m ade by beginners is to plant out in the garden too early. Tom atoes are best started indoors and the plants put out, rather than starting them from seed outdoors. 
Plants should not be set out until all danger of frost or even close-to-freezing tem peratures has passed, and the exact time for planting out depends on the area where you live. 
Planting time is important because if the tom atoes are set out too early, they will just stand still and not 

 grow until the weather warm s. In the m eantime, the plants would be subject to diseases and rot, as well as physical dam age from the wind. 
Actually, in many instances, it is the wind that is m ore dam agin g to -a young tom ato than cold weather. This is especially true if the plants are too tall and spindly soft. 
A short, stocky tomato plant will often fare much better than a tall one that has not been hardened a little so it can accept outdoor tem peratures. 
If you’re not sure of exactly when to plant or which varieties will do best in your area, check with your local garden shop, or a good book. 
Careful selection of the varieties you grow is important. There are two things to consider: disease resistance and the adaptability to your clim ate. 
After the name of many varieties you will see certain letters, such as VF and VTN. 
These letters indicate that the variety has been bred to be re sista n t to the com m on tom ato 
“ spoilers” verticillum V). fusarium (F ) and nem a­ todes (N). 
These problems will affect both plants and fruit. 
The tomatoes wither and die with little or no other 

 signs of trouble, so be on the safe side and plant the kinds that will not fall prey to the “ spoilers” under most circum stances. 
Follow the easy rules, and you’ll be rewarded with handsome, healthy and tasty tom atoes — and they’ll taste even better, knowing you’ve grown them yourself. 

Success comes slow when breeding plant varieties 

Bv HENRY MITC HELL 
SPtCIAl TO THI NtWS 

A great simple-minded plea­ sure of the gard en er is breed­ ing new varieties of daylilies, rose, irises and so oil. 
T h is is a “ sim p le-m in d ed” pleasure because su ccess only com es, a s a rule, from raising thousands of seedlings and re­ taining only the best two or three. 
But the usual am ateu r cannot m a n a g e anythin g like that 
T h erefore, su c c e ss is hardly likely, and (if failure is built­ in) we might reasonably say the whole e n terp rise is s i m ­ ple-minded 
That does not mean it is not delightful 
T h e s e g r a n d th o u g h ts o c ­ curred while planting out a handful of daylily seed lin gs, aud at the cost of showing you co n clu sively I ain not very bright, I will now describe ex­ actly how I have raised these particular infants. 
Parent 
S u m m er before last I decided 
(for no good reason ) that the pink d a y lily . “ I f f y .” would make a good (although perhaps questionable) parent, so I a p ­ plied pollen from several other daylilies to fresh bloom s and confidently awaited seed pods. 
By Labor Day I had several nice rip e pods full of glossv black seeds. These were plant­ ed outdoors and within a few days they sprouted 
They died down. of course, when cold weather ca m e, but b eg an to grow anew la st s p r i n g , and they co n tin u ed through all last su m m e r and fall, g a th e r in g stre n g th and stature. Then they died down for the winter. And now , a s the 

 earth com es to life once more, they show new growth. 
It is just here, possibly, that I should say that som ew here I have written down the m ale or pollen p a r e n ts of th e se s e e ­ dlings, and have lost it, though the d a ta m a y w ell turn up eventually. 
Also my labels are great fa­ vorites of b irds and sq u irrels who enjoy p u llin g them up. 
About all I can say. with any certainty, is that “ Iffy” was the seed parent of my baby d a y ­ lilies and the pollen parent was one of six varieties 
Belter 
For the gu id an ce of others, however, I can say just how to do it better. Record the paren­ tage of the cross im m ediately. on a tag, listing the seed parent first and then the pollen parent. 
T h u s , a t a g m ig h t r e a d 
“ Iffy" x “ Winning W ays.” This m eans that the pollen of “ Win­ ning W ays” was applied to the pistil of a fresh bloom of " I f f y ” and the r e s u lt in g s e e d s , we trust, will develop into plants combining all the best features of both parents and none of the worst aspects of either. 
T h is c ro ss (a s it is called , when you breed two flowers) is recorded iii a book which you take c a re not to m isp la c e or leave out iii the rain. 
When the seeds of that cross are sown, a little m arker on the very site (before anything at all has sprou ted) assu res you what paren ts produced the seed in the ground, so you can easily visualize in your mind all the splendid plants that will in due tune sp rin g up to the a m a z e ­ ment of the world. 
This cross is also shown on a m ap of the ground, so that even 

 if the grackles pull up the on­ site m arker you will still know, when you see the little green shoots a p p ea r, exactly which cross is sprouting. 
Spaced out 
As soon a s you can get a r ­ ound to it (a n d p r e f e r a b ly much sooner) the tiny plants are dug up and spaced out, say six inches apart. 
A few m inutes’ work dabbing pollen on daylily bloom s will result in perhaps several thou­ sand se ed s, and you will see that Hie record k eep in g and charting will bi' considerable. 
You will also learn quickly that while seeds can be planted so close they are almost touch­ ing, th(‘ growing plants will of course need som e space to d e­ velop and grow. 
Hence the six-inch spacing. 
But of course that will only do for a few months at. most, and very likely you will soon see the young plants need at least lh inches between them. 
P r e s u m a b l y , in m y c a s e , many of the daylilies crossed in 
J u ly 1977 will bloom in J u ly 
1979 
Needless to say, a s time goes by the plants require more and more space. 
Theoretically, when the se e­ d lin gs bloom . I will see that none of them is worth keeping, co m p ared with stan d ard v a r ­ ieties now on the m arket, so I will pitch them all out and thus regain valuable ground. 
Imagine 

Common observation shows, however, that garden ers who breed flowers start hallucinat­ ing in a mild way and tend to im agine their new seed lin gs are quite wonderful. 

ORCHIDS GLOXINIAS 
KALANCHOES HYACINTHS 
BROMELIADS 
AZALEAS 
AFRICAN VIOLETS 
FREI GIFT W R A P A N D 
DELIVERY O N A N Y GIFT $7.5o 
OR M ORE FOR YOUR 
VALENTINE! 
Open Sunday 

BUY NOW A SAVE 
No Finance Charges till April, no monthly payment till M ay 
Buy any new John Deere Lawn ft Garden 
Tractor ai Riding Mower and you'd make big savings! When you buy before March 
31. 1977. no finance charges will be im­ posed until April 1, 1977 ft no monthly payments until May I. 1977 

HEIMER UWN & CARDEN 
SALES & SERVICE 
3329 S.W. Military 
924-8336 
(Sam ow dhploy at tho Fully hoot od Exhibit Bldg. a t 

You may see the sam e phen­ omenon with human m others who com m only suppose their infants are excellent. 
Anyway, you justify taking! up the garden space by saying J to yourself that of course as soon as the seedlings bloom you will see th at they are w orthless, if interesting, and that will be that except that if you should happen to have a very exceptional flower turn up among the seedlings, naturally you would retain that one plant. 
Observation shows me that if the gardener raises JH irises, seven roses, and 63 day lilies from seed, lie will conclude, when they bloom, that 29 of the irises, five or of the roses and 
.'17 of the daylilies are “ awfully n ice" and “ well worth keep­ ing.” 
As a great student of the iris and of mankind once observed, in this way all your geese will be sw ans, and you can putter about happily cluttering up the garden with your own daylilies and irise s and ro se s and so] forth, firmly believing they are better than the ones you can buy. 
Your chances of finding an: outstanding flower are much better if you grow perhaps 5oo. plants of each cross instead of] 
11 plants, but gardeners are not very good at facing statistical realities. 
Irises 

I had a frien d once who! started out with a garden full of] the finest irises iii Commerce, 

As the years, as the decades, went on, he of course kept a handful of his best seedlin gs! every year. 

olte 
£Plonto 
6oo1 WEST AVE. 
3 4 4 -6SSS 

K RUNNING SPRINGS m 
NURSERY & FLORIST 
WE RE CELEBRATING OUR SECOND YEAR OF SERVING YOU WITH A GREAT SALE! 
ALONG WITH OTHER NURSERYMEN’S ASSOCIATION SPECIALS, CHECK THESE: 

EVERYDAY SPECIAL ll ASST 3” POTS 

 i c 
Sloe 

Ii rJ for 

JAPANESE 
YEWS 

$ - 2 2 5 

W 
5-GAL 

FATSIA 
3-GAL 

$ | S O 

BOXWOOD 
1-GAL 

7 
5 
* 

 ii 
ROSES 
Dei. long stem, arranged I delivered 

I 
185o 

LOVI POTIONS A 
BOUQUETS 
CUSTOM MAM nu 
Q 5o 
DIUVBY O 

EVERYDAY SPfCIAL 
FRESH-CUT 
FLOWERS 
$ 1 OO 
MHO* 
| 

U C I 
FREE i 
TOP V A LU E H , 
S T A M P S 
W IT H EVERT 
P U R C H A SE 

 it 

WE HONOR 

Dealers 
For 
Ortho, 
Green light, 
Dexol, 
Carl Pool, Best and 
Staff els. 

Members Of: 
Better Business Bureau 
Texas Nurserymen 
Association 
San Antonio Nurserymen 
Association 

MISSION 
NURSERIES 

Southside 
2919 
2 COMPLETE 
M ission Rd. 
GARDEN CENTERS 
924-3181 
TO SERVE YOU 

Northside 
1 2823 
N acogdoch e s 
655-8323 

STORE HOURS 
9:oo-6:oo 
D aily 
Including Sunday 
FREE 
DELIVERY 
W ith $25.oo 
Purchase O r 
M ore In San 
Antonio Only. 
A L W A Y S FRIE 
HELP W ITH 
Y O U R PLANT 
PROBLEMS. 

TREES 
MAGNOLIA 
I Gel. lite 
9 7 * 
FAN PAIM... 3o Inc 
*3 .9 9 
ARIZONA ASH s t.* $3 .9 9 
MIMOSA ... s ,.* 97* 
1o/9.5o 
SYCAMORE . 5 **974 
1o/9.5o 
WILLOW .4 ,.s 974 
1o/9.5o 
SOIL PREPARATION ITEMS 
PUNTING MIX .............. 4o Lb 
TOP SOU............ I U In. SO Lb 
COW MANURE ...... on.,.,. 4o lb 
SHEEP MANURE c w .. 4o Lb 

MIX OR MATCH 
*1.39 T? 4 « 5.2 5 
COLOR PLANTS 
RIGONI* . J- p.i 49< 
1o/4.5o 
COLEUS ..i m 494 
1o/4.5o 
IMPATIONS lr 494 
1o/4.5o 
BEGONIAS IT 1.39 
3/3.9o 

 i COMANCHE PETUNIAS no. 15< j 

1 1 E V “ CH A E A D C 
I 

VALENTINES DA' 

 tP G tP C ?tP G tP C ,tPC>t 

POTTED M U M S..... 
G LO XINIA PLANTS 
TULIP PLANTS .4 f, 
POTTED HYAINTHS 
POTTED AZALEAS 
HANGING BASKETS 

FOLIAGE PLANTS 
CHINES! 
EVERGREEN.. .3" 
Pet 
Size I 
JADE 
PUNT... 3” 
Pot 
Size 
SCHEFFIEMA.. 3 " 
Pot 
Size 
NEANTHA BEHA PAIM...3” Pot Size 
AJRPUNE 
PUNT... 3” 
Pot 
Size 
FANTASM 
(Swedish 
Ivy).. J " 
Pet! 

MIX OR MATCH (ANY ABOVE) 
49* 
IO for *4.5o1 
FICUS 
BENJAMINE...! 
Gal. 
Size 
AIRPLANE 
PUNT... 5” 
Pot 
Size 
FLUFFY 
RUFFLE 
FERN.. .4” 
Pot 
SPRENGER! 
FERN . .5’’ 
Pot 
PLUMOSA 
FERN. ..5” 
Pot I 

MIX OR MATCH (ANY ABOVE) 
*1.39 a. 3 for *3.9o1 

POMEGRANITE .. 
974 1o/9.5o1 
GRAPES 
./t 694 
1o/6JO 
WAX UGUSTVUM ow. 974 1o/9JO 
CAL PRIVET......... e/e 59* 1 o/5Jo 

AB Color*. 

. *" to. 

■*" tot. 

*5.98 
*4.98 
*4.98 
*1o.95 

 all sizes and prices 

 h a p p y v a l e n t i n e s ^ r im 

ROSES 
CALIFORNIA’S 
FINEST 

GROWING IN 
2 GALLON CONT. 
NON-PATENT 
*2e19 
PATENTED 

* 3 . 5 o * 

# V GRADE 
ROSES. YOU 
WON’T BUY 
BETTER. 

• M 
K l 

8 8 8 

LAWN f OOO 

New Stock 
FRUIY YREES 
5 Gal. Containers, large well shaped trees 

* 4 . 9 * each 

THE next time your youngster complains he has nothing to do, present 
I him with a project which will keep him interested for weeks — a i growing sponge. Get a large sponge, wet it and squeeze out most of 

 j the moisture. Then sprinkle it with annual rye, clover, cress of mustard 
I seeds. Tie the sponge to o string and hang it by a sunny window, 
I preferably in the kitchen, let your child keep the sponge moist daily with a hand mister,! and before you know it, the seed s wi sprout and cover the! entire sp o n g e with! reen. 

APPLE TREES 
Rad Delicious 
Yellow Delicious 
Summer Champion 
Winesop 

APRICOT 
Blenheim forty Golden 
Moor Pork 
PEACHCOTS TRIES 

PIUMCOTS TREES 
CHERRY TREES 
81 vic| forty Golden 

NEO ARINI TREES 
Goldmine turned 
FIG TREES 
Mock Mission 
Brown Turkey 
Texas fvorboarlng 

PEACH TREES 
Babcock forty liberia (Kim) 
Golden Jubile. 
Hoi. Haven 
J. H. Hole 
Loring 
Melba 
Rankin 
Sam Houston 
T.xab.rto 
Frank Cling 
Indian Blood Cling 

PEAR TREES 

LeCont. 
Orient 

RfNTTff moonylow 
Barm ft 

PLUM TREES 
Blue Damson Bruce 
But tnt fill 
Meredith 
Oputa 
Satsuma 
Mariposa 
Metal, y 
Santo Rose 
Wick son 

PERSIMMON TREES 

• i 

. 
- 
"T he telephone is the shortest dis­ tance between a 
Classified ad and yo u !" 
Call 

 m n aim mm m 
Mf rn 
I I H 
PWR 
T O I P H W R I 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 I t t a ammo 
S .S 9 

 rn 
IM 

Wa Suggest SulfaSeil 
VtfBtaiis Gar***. Ism tam. ttaufe I u s a . a n o * o d m n t w I* 
*444o4 *4o**, 44* p44A it WPPii 1*4* ,44 414 
SUD ASON 
42% WON 
3o% SULPHUR 

DECORATIVE BARK 
High Mountain Redwood Bark, Clton Roof ground cover bark, excellent weed retarder for bads. Choose from Jumbo, 

 medium or small size. 
G iant 3 CU. ft. bag 

$4.89 
* 4 ” 

 town cost let 
IW V 
HUIHUI MUK 
«o wnManci 
VU KOI WHI MAM 
N (OI tai* MUMM vxsnwnots 
W I N I K 
•MUT a v 

OXY 8-8-8 
UWN 
Fooo 

.4 Orab*. 4 feta to pni»to MOW toff rn* dom am iMtoH IM* H W 
(.toitoi »% t o * . I s t a s u c r 
• S4lfc ta. (mn 
'GISSri, M o 
*3.98 

Price Per Ton- *3.5o Hr I 

OXY 99th 
SWIAT! 
2 1 - o - o 

« * Cia* 

*3.98 

Price Per Ton- *3 JO Per tag zm 

—tar I 

Black 
Polythene Bed 
Divider Kits 
__ 

Includes 2o' length of divder, 3 metal $ *1 Eta OO stakes and one connector plug. 
I 
N # gat Ut 
BL6OAoih 6 GERANIUM S 
Our famous 4” potted plants art now blooming in all colors and rtody to sell. For the stvtnth straight year at the same price. 

. 9 8 
* 
9 f o r * 5 , 7 $ 
LANDSCAPE SHRUBBERY 
Pi!tasporgm gm• rn Vert.. .tat..... 
• 1 . 9 8 
Red Tip Phontinia am. abe............. 
*1.98 

Jap Boxwood M L. .taiabe . 
•1.79 
Pampas* Grass 
Got. lite........... 
•1.89 
Senisa (Purple Sage).. tat nu.... 
•2.49 

Dwf Youpon 
.tat uu.............. 
•1.98 

Nandina .tai...................... 
•3.49 
Dwf. Nandina...M nu............ 
.•4.49 
Indian Hawthorne .tat mu............. 
•3.49 
(leyaria Japonica, tat n u ....... 
•2.49 
Xyslosmotat nu 
.............. 
•2.49 
Yucca Aliofolio 
.tai nu 
•2.49 
Jap. Black Pine m . 
•2.49 
Dwf. Chinese Holly m 
•2.19 
PECAN TREES 

Beautiful new crep of sir eight, strong trees ready to plant. 
Choose from: Choctaw, 
Mohawk, Wichita, Success, 
Ioob I Inn 
Stuart end Burkett. 
*12.95 
*16.95 
*19.95 

S ta A feet..,, 

A ta 7 feet.... 

Flatfeet.... 

STAFFELS 
DORMANT OIL 
SPRAY 
Prevents scale and mite insects on Dor­ mant Trees. 

 or. sizi * 1 . 9 8 

GAL u n * 5 . 6 9 

CEDAR SARK 
M U L C H 

 i c . it. * 2 . 9 8 

 tirMf to r atortotoi 
• W in y 

(am LAM at H 

 rwSmsos o u r ratct 
$ 7 .9 8 

$8.98 

WffO ami HfO 
Z/fl/J J5EE.I lton»!to*toi 

• bm 

Cowen EMB •% Bl n jS B tte 
$8.98 

SPfCIAL! 
Soil 
C on dition er 
• Breaks up tight soil 
• Adds vital nutrition 
GRAND 
PRIZE® 
Reg. Lew 
Price U l t 
SALE PRICE S O Q D sew. A e f O 
SEED p o t a t o e s e m o r w hit. 
I7 : . a x / 7 f