WOW! GET a A BIG. ALL-NEW 

 with IO additional comtes iw if wwk in Ton. ^-SUNDAY EXPR 
NEW S 

MUMHi 

GOOD MORNING 

Index 

Action E x p re ss........................... IID 
A rts ....................................................9C 
Astrology...................................... HD 
B ridge................................................4C 
Business, F in an ce..........................SC 
Church N ew s........................4,5B,12C 
C om ics..................................... IO, I ID 
Crossword Puzzles..................... 1oD 
Deaths............................................. BD 
Editorials........................................ HA 
G ardening...................................... 4D 
M arkets 
..................................M C 
Newsmakers.................................. 2A 
Scene...............................................1*3C 
S p o rts........................................... I-SE 
T elevision.........................................IC 
T heaters....................................1o,1 IC 
Want A d s...........................5-9D,l-llF 
W eather.............................................SC 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson.............................. 2A 
Dan Cook........................................ 2E 
Dan K lepper.................................. IE 
Ann Landers.....................................2C 
Dr. Geo. T hosteson................... IID 

Chuckle 
If at first you do .succeed hide your astonishment. try to 

Forecast 

Sunny, warm. High, low 8os. Low, low 6os. Details, Page SC. 

F R I D A Y ' S T E M P E R A T U R E S 

9 am . 
>o arn. ll a.m. 
Noon 
1 p.m. 
2 d rn. 
3 p.m. 
4 p.m. 

6468 
7o 
73 
74 
76 
78 ll 
M idnight 63 

I HTH YEAR 
NO. 54 
6o PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E S : 
W ant A d s (M o n . F rl. 8 a rn -5:3o p m ) 225-1666. All other d epart ments (7 a.rn 9 p.m .) 236-7411; City editor (9 p.m. 7 a m ) 225-7411; Sports editor (9 p m 7 o rn.) 227-3721 or 227-77o1 

DID YOU KNOW: lf you receive home delivery of the Express and Sunday 
Express-News $1 more will bring you the evening News for a month. Total 
$4.35 per month. Call 225*7411 for prompt delivery. 

By BILL MINTZ 
Two T em ple m en pleaded guilty 
Friday for their role in a wide-ranging bookmaking operation cracked by FBI agents. 
Five San Antonio residents and a 
Pleasanton man all entered not guilty pleas for th eir alleged roles in the illegal gambling business, which han­ dled more than $1oo,ooo in a single day last fall. 
Bobby Royce English, 32, of Hous­ ton, was also indicted by the federal grand jury last week but he has yet to be arraigned. 
Pleading not guilty Friday were Tom 
C. Moore, 75, 223 Bushnell Ave.; John 
C. Lam bert J r., 38. 67o1 West Ave.; 
Charles D. G rant, 32, 3463 E. South- cross Blvd.; Merald B. Grant. 6o, 734 
Elmwood Ave.; John E. Smith, 41, 75oo 
Callaghan Road, and Alvin Q. Nixon of Pleasanton. 
John B urgess, 5o, and A rthur P. 
Prinz, 35, pleaded guilty to participa­ tion in the illegal gambling business, a federal crim e carrying a m axim um penalty of five years in prison and a 
$2o,ooo fine. 
7 guilty pleas 

Seven people have already pleaded guilty for their roles in the operation, which was the subject of a court-auth­ orized wiretap for 12 days last October and November. 
Jack Hanratty, Deonne Hartsell, Ar­ ley Banks, Jam il Ritchie and Carlos 
Sotelo have pleaded guilty to partici­ pation in the illegal operation. 
Ritchie’s wife, M argie M. Ritchie, and Hanratty’s nephew, Steven Brown, entered guilty pleas to ch arg ee of 

 failing to file wagering tax forms with the Internal Revenue Service. 
As part o^a plea bargain with Prinz and Burgess, Bell County Bist. Atty. 
Arthur C. Eads agreed not to press state bookmaking charges against the pair. 
The investigation surfaced in No­ vem ber when FBI agents executed search w arrants at residences belong­ ing to several of the principals in the case. 
Evidence of the gambling operation 

 was found at each address, investiga­ tors said. 
Bets were taken on college and pro­ fessional football games, other sport­ ing events and even the presidential election. Asst. U.S. Atty. Thomas E. 
Rickhoff stated. 
The prosecutor alleged H anratty, 
Ritchie and Lam bert took bets from their homes and managed the opera­ tion. 
Chief U.S. Dist. Judge A drian A. 
Spears allowed defense attorneys 2o 

 days to prepare motions in the case. 
He also said they would be allowed to. copy the 86 tape recordings compiled during the wiretap. 
Jack Paul Leon withdrew as Moore’s attorney at the arraignm ent proceed­ ing Friday. 
Fred Sem aan indicated he would probably represent Moore. 
Leon had filed a su it for M oore seeking return of property taken by 
FBI agents when they searched the 
Bushnell Avenue address. 
Tax 'loopholes’ on rise for individuals 

WASHINGTON 
(AP) 
— Spe­ cial breaks provided in the tax code will be worth $114.2 billion to taxpayers this year and at least 
$168.7 billion a year by 1982, a 
Congressional Budget Office study estim ated Friday. 
I 
The dozens of special provisions in the code include those attacked by some critics as loopholes and others long taken for granted. Among them are such things as deductions for m ortgage interest and real estate taxes on homes and the tax credit by which businesses recoup part of their spending on new equipment. 

Economists call such things “ tax expenditures” on the theory that, by allowing a person to reduce the 

 taxes he owes the government, it is in effect making a payment to him out of its revenues. 
CEO acknowledged that its estim ates m ay be low because they are based on existing law without taking account of the likelihood 
Congress will make changes and especially that it will extend tem porary tax reductions enacted last year. 
Extending the tax cuts could increase tax expenditures by $3.8 billion this year and $6.4 billion in 
1982, the report said. 
About 94 per cent of the increase in tax expenditures by 1982 will be to the benefit of individuals, the study estimated. 
While the corporations’ share 

 increases from $27.2 billion to $31.5 billion, the value of individual tax breaks will go from $87 billion to 
$137.3 billion. 
The co rp o rate in crease th u s would be 8.9 per cent over the five years, while the increase in tax expenditures for individuals would be 43.2 per cent over the sam e period. 
Deduction of mortgage inter­ est is worth 
$5.4 billion to homeowners this year and deduction of real estate taxes $4.5 billion, CK ) estim ated. It said that by 1982 the am ounts would be $9.2 billion and 
$7.6 billion respectively. 
Taxpayers who buy consumer 

Hopefuls warned on promises 

By JIM WOOD 
City Atty. Jim Parker has quietly advised City Council m em bers to talk to their lawyers before talking to the voters if they are m aking specific prom ises during the election cam ­ paign. 
In addition to the prohibition against, promises of things of value set out in the Texas Constitution, P ark er said criminal laws could apply. 
“ The provisions of this penal pro­ vision are very broad,” he said Friday in reference to a section of the Texas 

Parker said commitments signed to such groups as Com - munities Organized fo r Public Service fa ll within a gray area 

Penal Code dealing with bribery. 
“ In view of the possible serious implications, I would restate my prior recommendation herein to consult with your own private attorney prior to the taking of any action that might come w ithin its provisions,” Parker said in a memorandum obtained by the Ex- press-News. 

Elaborating in an interview, Parker said co m m itm en ts sig n ed to such groups as Communities Organized for 
Public Service (COPS) fall within a gray area. 
Parker said if he were advising as a private attorney he would tell his client to avoid gray areas because of the po­ tentially serious consequences. 

Although there is a tough law on the books, Parker said he knows of no prosecutions in Texas under eith er constitutional law or crim inal law. 
Any such action would have to come from complaints by individuals or ini­ tiative action by the district attorney, he said. 
All persons sworn in as m em bers of the City Council m ust swear they have 
“ not d irectly or indirectly paid, of­ fered or promised to pay. contributed nor promised to contribute any money, 

5 o YEARS LATER THEY STILL REM EM BER: 
The night Rocksprings blew away 

BEFORE THE Rocksprings tornado , this was a garage and filling station. But destruction — and death —- hit it as it did so many homes and business buildings. Some people chose to remain In a building and it crashed in on them. Others chose to flee a building as it started breaking up — only to be blown to death outside. 
SAN ANTONIO NEWS FILE PHOTO 

On April 12, 1927, a tornado tore into Rocksprings, about 15o miles northwest of San Antonio, virtually destroying the town and killing some IOO persons — more than a tenth of the popu­ lation. 

The tragedy would undoub­ tedly have been much worse had not the citizens of San Antonio, 
Kerrville, Junction, Uvalde and other area people come to the aid of the stricken town. 

Now, 5o years later, George and Bonnie Carmack have visit­ ed Rocksprings and talked to many of the survivors of the deadly storm. 

The half century which has passed since the tornado has not dimmed the memories of that horrible night and the days that followed. 

The gripping story is on Page 
IB. 

I5* 

^ April 9, 1977 j 

THE SATURDAY 

FEW HAVE more vivid recollections of the Rocksprings tornado than Mr. and Mrs. Claud 
Gilmer, pictured in front of the home in which they were living then and live now. Gilmer, county judge at the time, later served as speaker of the Texas House of Representatives and was co-author of the Gilmer-Alkin school finance law. 
PHOTO BY BONNIE CARMACK 
IE! PRESS NEWS 
N u n A n t o n i o . T o y o s 
South Texas* largest-selling* S a tu rd a y n e w sp a p e r 

2 tied foi 
Masters lead 
Story on Page IE plead guilty 
A 
O 
J bookmaking 

ALSATIAN Gless Peters munches on a M exican delicacy, a bunuelo, Friday at the Alam o. 
STAFF PHOTO BY JOE BARRERA JR. 
Lila welcomes 
Alsace guests 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
Bunuelos and a welcome by ladame la Mayor marked the islt by 15o A lsatians to the damo Friday. 
The A lsatians a rriv e d here from astern France Thursday to begin a ve-day tour of the Alamo City, Cas­ eville and Mexico. 
This is the second group to visit from dsace, an area along the Rhine River 
/here many family trees of M edina 

More photos on Page HA 

County residents arc rooted. 
The visitors arrived at tile Alamo, decked out in sum m er clothes and ca­ meras, to begin their tour with a closer view of the Shrine of Texas Liberty. 
The Lackland AFB Band of the West struck up a rousing rendition of “ La 
M arseillaise,’’ the French national anthem. The Alsatians sang along en­ ergetically, causing stares of wonder 

■ 

:;u 

 incus 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 
Don’t r ence him in 

The Rev. 
Bagh Hines may he president of Siena College in Lou­ donville, N .Y., but that doesn't mean he lives in a prestigious resi­ dence. 
Father Hugh, or just “ Hughie” as some students call him, says he’s perfectly happy living in two rooms on the fourth floor of the school’s residence hall. T h a t’s w here he lived as a counselor before he be­ came president last July. 
F a th e r H ines, dressed in his 
Franciscan brown-hooded cassock and sandals, says he’s accustomed to dorm life. The loud stereos and th e rau co u s bull sessio n s don’t seem to bother the 44>-year-old president. 
Father Hines says, however, he does most of his paperwork, read­ ing and studying in the relative quiet of the presidential office, a three-m inute walk away. 

Leyla Nassonnd Calnan could easily be mistaken for a Persian princess. And until a few days ago that is what she was. 
Mrs. Calnan, a descendant of the 
Qajar Dynasty that ruled Iran for 
15o years, renounced her royal title and became a naturalized citizen of the U.S. in federal court in Cincin­ nati. 
Mrs. Calnan, m arried to Timothy 
Calnan, a technical representa­ tive for General Electric, said she took six months to make up her mind. 
“ I realized I love my husband very dearly, and I respect and adm ire him, and I decided I must know more about his country,” she said. 
Mrs. Calnan’s family ruled Iran until 1921 when it was overthrown by Reza Khan Pahlavi, father of the current Shah. 

HOUSTON ST. AT BROADWAY 
4 i n M c C u llo u g h 

DOWNTOWN 9:3o TO 5:3o M ON THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STORE. 
SUBURBAN 9:3o TO 6:oo MON. THRU SAT. 
ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS,HONORED 

Princess Anne expecting baby 

Princess Anne, daughter of Queen 
Elizabeth II. is expecting a baby in 
November, Buckingham Palace an­ nounced Friday. 
The baby would be the first grandchild for the queen and a special family event to top off her silver jubilee celebrations this year. 
A nne, 26, an O lym pic e q u e s­ trienne, is fourth in line for the 
British throne. When the announce­ ment was made, she was spending the Easter weekend with her hus­ band, Army Capt. Mark Phillips, 
28, at the Brigstock Horse Trials near the English Midlands village of Brigstock. 
A palace spokesman said a brief visit that Anne plans to make to the 
United States in June will go ahead as scheduled. 
*News 
•makers 

He said the princess will be in the 
United States “two or three days" to unveil a statue of Queen Anne in 
Centreville, Md,, June 18. Centre­ ville is in M aryland’s Queen Anne 
County, named for an ancestor of the princess. 
The princess and Phillips were m arried Nov. 14, 1973, in W estmin­ ster Abbey, where Britain crowns and brules its kings and queens. 
The wedding was watched by a television audience estimated at 5oo million around the world. 

“ It is announced from Buckingh­ am Palace that the Princess Anne is expecting a baby in November,” the announcement said. “ The princess will be able to carry out public engagem ents already arran g ed between now and July but she will not be competing in further eques­ trian events.” 

A palace spokesman added: “ Na­ turally the princess and Capt. Mark 
Phillips are delighted, as are other members of the royal family.” 

An Alvaton. Ky., man has been fined $42 DO for public intoxication, but the fine blight have been much bigger if there had been a law on the books covering intoxication on horseback. 
Warren Darrell Just was arrested in the early hours Tuesday when police spotted him riding his horse down the middle of a highway near 
Bowling Green. Only a few days before he had been arrested for a sim ilar offense; that tim e he got off with a warning. 
Police originally charged Jost with driving while intoxicated, but 
Police Court Judge George Boston figured one doesn’t “ drive” a horse. 
He amended the charge to public intoxication and fined Jost. 
President lives in dormitory 

PRINCESS ANNE 
. . . . lady in w aiting 
Princess becom es citizen 

NAUTICAL AND ON COURSE WITH SUMMER — these related components have a fresh supercharged look. 
Pleated, polished cotton deck pants in white> khaki or navy, even sizes 3o-4o, $25. Cotton twill shirt in white or khaki with • contrasting grosgrain ribbon stripes, S M L, $22.5o. 

ORDER BY MAIL OR CALL 227-7171. PLEASE INCLUDE 5% SALES TAX A N D SI OO FOR 
M AILING OUTSIDE OUR LOCAL DELIVERY AREA. N O C .O D s. 

Hearties still i suffers wounds of Watergate 

WASHINGTON — For most Americans, the Watergate era has ended. 
But for some who were damaged by the Nixon excesses, the wounds have yet to heal 

HAMPTON SHOP 
A WHOLE NEW 
WAY TO DRESS i 

 peace. 
Endorsed Muskie 

Allon, Peres jockeying to replace Rabin 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
JERUSALEM - Prem ier Yitzhak 
Rabin’s surprise resignation as the governing Labor party’s candidate for re-election has stirred the political ambitions of two leading Labor party figures — Foreign Minister Yigal Al­ ton and Defense M inister Shimon 
Peres. 
Associates of Alton, who has been an 
Strife increases at Israeli border 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
BEIRUT — Palestinian guer­ rillas in southern Lebanon said 
Friday they have orders to des­ troy the “ security b elt’’ of 
Christian militiamen that has kept Israel’s northern border quiet. 

The next target of their current of­ fensive is the garrison town of M ar­ jayoun, perched on a hillside about six m iles north of the tw isting b order separating this Arab nation and north­ ern Israel, officers said. 
The guerillas, aided by Lebanese leftists and Syrian-supplied heavy a r­ tillery and rockets, captured the key 
C hristian stronghold of K hiam on 
Thursday, putting them within strik ­ ing distance of Marjayoun. 
“The orders were to break through the security b elt,” Capt. M ousa al- 
Iraqi, who led the Khiam assault, told newsmen Friday in his Khiam field headquarters. 
Khiam lies about two m iles south­ east of Marjayoun. The guerrillas also hold Ibl al-Saqi, just to the north and also a staging point for an attack on 
Marjayoun. 
“There is no doubt about it,” crowed a Palestinian source in Beirut. “ We are goi^g to overrun Marjayoun within 
48 hours.” 
Marjayoun used to be the Lebanese arm y’s main garrison center in the south. It commands access to the Ar- koub region that traditionally has been the guerrillas’ main staging point for raids into northern Israel. 
The Voice of Lebanon radio, run by the rightist Christian Phalange party, said P alestin ian s w ere rein forcing their units around M arjayoun. This was confirmed by guerrilla sources in 
Beirut. 
Christian forces, with Israeli help for arm s and logistics along with occa­ sional artillery support from across the border, rem ained entrenched in their Marjayoun positions and in the hilltop town of Qlaiaa, newsmen on the scene said. 
Krueger says he’s dismayed about envoy 

U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger sent a tele­ gram to President Carter Friday to express disappointm ent a Hispanic- 
American was not appointed am bas­ sador to Mexico 
Carter has appointed Wisconsin Gov. 
Patrick J. Lucey to be the U.S. envoy to Mexico. 
“ It is distressing that a Democratic a d m in istra tio n has not found a 
Hispanic-American that it considers deserving of this post,” Krueger told 
Carter. 
“ The previous adm inistration had appointed a Hispanic-American to this position, and your nomination of Gov. 
Lucey seems a regressive step that does "not convey the sensitivity that m illions of Hispanic-Americans had hoped of your adm inistration.” 
Krueger added many Texans had been overlooked when they would have been proud and capable of well-repre­ senting the United States. 

Related stories, photos on 

 ally of Rabin’s in the Labor party's internecine squabbles, said Friday night that the foreign m inister was 
“ weighing positively” the promptings of friends and politicians that he should seek the nominaton and not let it go by default to Peres. 
However, other reports circulated to the effect that Alton and Peres were discussing an agreem ent whereby Al­ ton would have his choice of posts in a 
Peres administration in exchange for not challenging Peres. At one point in his career, Alton was anxious to be 
Israel’s defense minister. 
Narrow loss 

Peres, who narrowly lost the nomin­ ation to Rabin at the Labor party con­ vention a few weeks ago, is the leading contender to replace Rabin. 
The central committee of the belea­ guered and bewildered Labor party is scheduled to pick Rabin’s successor on 
Sunday. 
Israel's politicians were still reeling 
Friday in the wake of Rabin’s sudden w ithdraw al from the political arena after disclosures in Israeli newspapers alleging that he and his wife, Leah, had lied about the amounts they kep in bank accounts in W ashington, D.C. that were themselves violations of Is­ raeli currency regulations. 
The prem ier’s dram atic withdrawal was also the su b ject of m uch talk among average Israelis Friday but it did not outrank ebullient chatter about 
Israel’s one-point victory in the Euro­ pean basketball championship Thurs­ day night, a victory that sent sports- mad Israelis racing into the streets for joy. 
Israeli officials hastented to caution newsmen that Rabin’s departure from office did not presage a shift in Israel's foreign policy. 
No policy shift 

These officials pointed out that Alton and Peres have been part of the Rabin ad m in istra tio n and the th ree had essentially espoused the sam e posi­ tions on such sensitive international issues as the protracted Israeli occu­ pation of the Arab lands captured in the 1967 war. 
Nor the officials said, would Rabin’s action have much of an impact on the tim etables being discussed for re­ newed Geneva peace talks, or some sort of Arab-Israeli negotiations, since, at least in the Israeli view, none of the potential participants had envisioned any such talks beginning until well after the Israeli general election on 
May 17. 
Nevertheless, there are elements in 
Israel, particularly the left-wing Ma- pam party, a m em ber of the Labor alignment, that feel that Peres is more 
“ hawkish” than either Alton or Rabin. 
Members of Mapam have threatened to resign from the Labor alignment if the Labor party central committee se­ lects Peres. 
Such a resignation would mean still more uncertainty within the shaky La­ bor establishment about its prospects for rem aining the co untry’s m ajor party — a position it has held since 
Israel was founded in 1948. 
Labor has managed to rule only by persuading sm aller parties to join with it. Mapam has served such a role. 
No majority 

Rabin currently presides over a care­ taker government. Since he ejected another m ember of his Labor coalition governm ent last D ecem ber, he had been governing without a majority in the Knesset. 
Under Israeli law, a caretaker gov­ ernment cannot resign and Rabin, in announcing his resignation, said he wished to step down as soon as possi­ ble. 
One possible out for the prem ier is to take a “ leave of absence,” according to one legal official, a move that would perm it his second in command, Alton, to preside over the interim govern­ ment until the general election. Rabin met to discuss his resignation Friday with Israel’s president, Ephraim Kat- zir. 

When H earnes endorsed Sen. E d ­ mund Muskie, D-Maine for president in late 1971, therefore, there was talk that he would end up as Muskie’s run­ ning mate. The rum ors reached the 
Nixon White House, which considered 
Muskie the prim e threat to oust Presi­ dent Nixon. 
In deepest secrecy, Nixon aide Alex­ ander Butterfield, who later exposed the infamous White 
House taping system , asked the FBI to dig up some dirt on 
Hearnes. 
B utterfield, who handled m any sim ilar assignm ents, told us any such orders pro­ bably would have come from 
W hite House m ajo r dom o 
—— . 
H.R. Haldeman or from Nixon himself. 
The White House demanded not only the FBI dossier on Hearnes but any cither dam aging inform ation the G- men could dredge up from the Internal 
Revenue Service. The bureau, in a confidential wire to agents in the field, stressed the “ urgent natu re” of the 
White House request. 

Reply 

W ithin two w eeks, the FB I d is ­ patched a co n fid en tial reply to 
Butterfield. “ On Dec. 22, 1971, you re­ quested an up-to-date name check and check of the records of the Internal 
Revenue Service concerning Governor 
Warren Eastm an Hearnes of Mis­ souri,” it began. 
“ An applicant-type investigation” had been conducted on H earnes in 
1969. This was furnished to Butterfield, said the letter and included unproved allegations that Hearnes received poli­ tical contributions from “ hoodlum elements in St. Louis.” 

Censored 

The heavily censored c o rre sp o n ­ dence doesn’t reveal precisely what other information the White House re­ ceived. 
But we have confirmed that the FBI also com piled num erous unsubstan­ tiated allegations about H earnes’ pri­ vate life. The bungling bureau also had in its files reports that Hearnes was a 
“ conscientious objector” when, in fact, he was a gung-ho West Point graduate. 
W atergate “ dirty tricks” helped de­ rail Muskie’s campaign, but Hearnes was not forgotten. A fter Nixon was re-elected, IRS agents walked intq 
H earnes’ office and told him he was under investigation. 
The case has drag g ed on, and 
Hearnes is still haggling with the governm ent over a few hundred dol­ lars in taxes. 
Publicity from the tax probe haunted him when he ran for a Senate seat last year and he was also tarnished by an unrelated federal bank investigation. 
Hearnes lost the prim ary, but got a second chance when the winner died in a plane crash. He finally lost to Re­ publican John D anforth last No­ vember. 
Wants vindication 

The dogged ex-governor is still seeking vindication. He is pressuring 
FBI Director Clarence Kelley, whom he supported years ago as Kansas City police chief, for more details on the effort to discredit him. • 
He has also unsuccessfully sought a letter clearing his name from Attorney 
General Griffin Bell. 
Footnote: The IRS w ouldn't com ­ m ent on H earnes’ case, but said the 

 various governors it has audited were chosen by “ re g u la r IRS selection procedures.” 
Inflation fear 

President C arter’s economic stim u­ lus package is being stym ied in the 
Senate by the growing fear of inflation. 
C arter’s $24-billion bill is aimed at getting people back to w'ork by creat­ ing public-works jobs and pepping up 

In deepest secrecy, Nixon aide 
Alexander Butterfield, who later exposed the infamous 
White 
House taping system, asked the 
FBI to dig up some dirt on 
Hearnes 

 the sluggish economy. As C arter’s popularity ratings soared, the House p assed his p ro g ram v irtu a lly u n ­ touched. 
But in the m ore a u ste re Senate, where autocratic committee chairmen still w ield v ast in flu en ce, the 
President’s package has hit a snag. 
Sen. John M cClellan, D-Ark., who chairs the Senate Appropriation Com­ m ittee, quietly sat on the bill until he 
•had slashed it below $2o billion. 
When he re lu ctan tly released it, 
McClellan issued a dire warning that 
“ funds of the magnitude of those con­ tained in this bill are likely to have some inflationary effect.” 
T his “ th r e a t” m u st be closely watched, he warned. 
Ominous 
Senate backers of the bill insist that inflation is not the reason for the delay. 
But ominously the day after McClel­ lan’s warning, consum er prices took th eir biggest m onthly jum p in two years. 
They soared to an annual rate of 12 per cent from last year’s m odest 5.2 per cent increase. The White House, blaming the frigid winter, said it was just a tem porary aberration. 
Our government sources say new n J gures will show that inflation will con­ tinue to rise in the coming months, and some key Senators are becoming more w orried about double-digit inflation than nagging unemployment. 
S enate M ajority L eader R obert 
B yrd, D-W. Va., however, hopes to have the President’s bills moving soon. 
But he’s making no promises. 
Slick move 
Guam Oil and Refining has m ade about $3o million by peddling a m ix­ ture that is 48 per cent kerosene and naptha as “ virgin crude oil. 
To obtain the blessing of the Federal 
E nergy A d m in istratio n , G uam Oil h ired 
R obert 
M ontgom ery, the agency’s form er general counsel. 
M ontgom ery, by a strange coinci­ dence, helped set up the very program under w hich G uam Oil got the $3o million. 
Guam Oil received the m oney in payments from other refiners under an 
FEA program to equalize the prices refiners must pay for oil. 
The refiners, of course, merely pass on the extra cost to their customers. 
But last fall, FEA investigators dis­ covered that Guam Oil was actually selling the m ixture of kerosene, naptha and oil and getting payment refiners, in violation of FEA standards. 
Meanwhile, M ontgomery has been trying to persu ad e his form er col­ leagues at FEA th a t G uam Oil shouldn’t have to pay back the appar­ ently illegal earnings. 
He claim s its m ixture legally qua­ lifies as crude oil and that the pay­ ments Guam Oil received were legal. 
Friedrich and union may be near settlement 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 
Neither Friedrich Air Conditioning & 
Refrigeration Co. nor union officials would comment late Friday on reports of a possible strike settlem ent agree­ ment. 
But officials made no effort to deny that the 7oo union strikers are being called to a Monday meeting to vote on a proposed contract in the three-month- old strike. 
Notice was posted Friday at the h e a d q u a rte rs of the In tern atio n al 
Union of Electrical, Radio and Ma­ chine Workers, AFL-CIO, Local 78o, of a meeting at 7 p.m. Monday at Ella 
Austin Community Center. 
Vote 
Purpose of the meeting is, according to the posted note, to “ vote on con­ tract.” 
Union field representative Paul Ja- vior had no com m ent Friday on the called m eeting of 7oo striking union m embers. 

Contacted in Dallas, Lew Fitzgerald, spokesman for the Wylain Corp., Frie­ drich’s parent company, also declined to comment on the m atter. 
Picket lines reportedly were stopped at Friedrich’s three San Antonio plants 
Friday following negotiations conclud­ ed Thursday evening. 
The contract dispute is mostly over wages. The average wage for union workers had been $3.34 per hour before the strike’s beginning last Jan. 4. 
Average 

This is compared to a national aver­ age of $4.91 per hour, union officials have said. The union is reported to have asked Friedrich for raises of 75 and 7o cents over a two-year period. : 
The three-m onth strik e has been b itte r w ith the union com plaining strongly against the use of city buses to transport strikebreakers and non-un­ ion office personnel through picket lines. 

For instance, form er Gov. W arren 
Hearnes of Missouri is still trying to. clear his nam e. The tough, old-style politician who once headed the N a­ tional Governors Conference seldom hesitated to take on the powerful.’ 
In fact, he once had the tem erity to lam baste Lyndon Johnson at the height of his presidential power. 
The scrap hit the headlines; Johnson backed down and invited the feisty 
Democrat to his Texas ranch to make 

'Drugny plant’ probe still on 

An investigation of two former policemen accused of planting heroin on a suspect should be ready to go to the May-June 
Bexar County Grand Jury. 

Asst. Dist. Atty. .John Quinlan III. who is handling the case, made the comment Friday. 

The two police officers e a rlie r resigned and a top SAPD official, Insp. 
Marion Talbert, at the time said the department’s investigation was closed. 

An investigation by the district at­ torney’s staff has continued, however. 

Quinlan thinks Hie material should be wrapped up in time to go to the 
May-June grand jury, not the body currently meeting. 

Civil rights 

“ We're not going to shove anything under the carpet. But we also are not going to railroad anyone. Police of­ ficers have civil rights, too," Quinlan declared. 

“ We’re trying to find what else they did, if anything,’’ he added, explaining both men could face m isd em ean or charges for illegal “ official oppres­ sion” under state law. 

A federal civil rights violation probe of the alleged heroin plant by the two officers also is under way, Quinlan noted. 

A civil rights violation c arries a penalty of two years to life, he pointed out. 

The two officers were accused by a prisoner, a drug addict, of planting heroin on him prior to his a rre s t. 
According to police officials, one of thei officers admitted planting the drug. 

S an Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 9 1977 
H 

Welcome to San Antonio 

During the A lsa tia n s' first visit to the A la m o , M a y o r Lila C o ck re ll m ade Roger Struss, 

 deputy m ayor o f C o lm a r, A lsa c e , an h on ora ry a lca ld e o f the city Friday. A t the festivities, the L acklan d A F B Band of the W e s t en tertained with several num bers, including the French an d A m erica n n ational anthem s. 

; | T 
■ 

 l f 
■ 

 k * v iV './ - f 
' 

HF**' 
Fire fighters will take 
Easter to children 

Many children at the Santa Rosa 
C h ild re n ’s Hospital will have a brighter Easter Sunday, thanks to the San Antonio Firefighters Assn. 

M em bers of the a sso c ia tio n 's public relations com m ittee have been gathering candy and eggs to fill .1o Easter baskets. 

Children who cannot go outside to hunt Easter eggs will have Easter brought to them, Joe Flores, com­ mittee chairman, said. 

Flores said each year the com ­ mittee uses proceeds from the Fire 
F ig h te rs L abor Day P icn ic for community service projects. 

This year, he said, the association selected the Santa Rosa Children's 
Hospital for its Easter project. 

“ We think the kids really will have a good tim e and a happier 
Easter — we know we will,” Flores said. 

Airline lawsuit appeal dropped 

Resignation pops lid on court pay dispute 

By DEBORAH WESER 

The surprise resignation of a long-tim e court clerk has popped the lid on a smouldering dispute over duties and salaries of some court personnel. 

At issue is the alleged overlap of duties and disparity of pay between clerks and coordinators in the district 

N orthbound traffic on Broadway between Mulberry Avenue and Brack­ enridge Street will continue to be de­ toured Saturday and Sunday. The de­ tour will be marked. 
Southbound traffic will pass through the project without detour. 

U.S. group to Peking 

TOKYO (AP) — Presi­ dent Carter's son Chip and a congressional delegation left here for 
Peking. 

 courts handling criminal matters. 
Dist. Clerk Elton Cude reluctantly accepted the unexpected resignation of 
175th Dist. Court clerk Mildred Voelkel earlier this week. Ile released the text of his letter to her Friday. 
At the same time, Cude promised to ask Commissioners Court for an inde­ pendent, outside study of the court coordinating unit and its output. 
No nerd 

Cude insists there really is 11o need for the coordinators. The work is done by the clerks. Others close to the dis­ pute have noted there is now a fairly effective computerized criminal ju s­ tice information system that may, in fact, cancel any need for continuing the coordinators. 
Cude said: “ Almost everything they do is a duplication of what the clerks do.” 
Commissioners Court gets the prob­ lem because it provides money for sa­ laries. 
Court clerks are hired by Cude. The coordinators, however, under permis­ sive state law, are hired by the district judges. That split allegiance, some say, also causes problems. 
Coordinators first m ade their a p ­ pearance as part of a three-year grant won by the judges in 1o72. They were ii red to speed up the process of justice in those courts handling criminal af­ fairs. 
Whether they have done so is another question Cude would like answered. 
Disparity 

The issue surfaced because Mrs. 
Voelkel complained about the pay dis­ parity in her resignation letter to Cude. 

She also said the work load for the clerk in those courts has increased in recent years but pay is still below that of the coordinator. “ I don’t think ifs fair for the clerks not to get the salary as compared to the work they do,” she declared. 
The original federal grant for the coordinators ran out in early 1975 but 
Commissioners Court, at that time, agreed to continue paying for the spe­ cial unit at the pay levels spelled out in the grant. 
Clerks currently ('arn between $8,5o9 and $12,ooo annually, depending on seniority. Coordinators earn about 
$16,ooo a year, and the chief coordina­ tor earns $22,1o4 yearly. 
C oordinators cost B exar County about $16o,ooo a year but that cost will rise next month when the budget ex­ pands to cover two new coordinators added for two new crim inal district courts 

By BILL MINTZ 

Government attorneys have aban­ doned an appeal of a federal court order dism issing antitrust charges against Braniff Airways and Texas 
International Airlines. 
A Justice Department spokesman 
F'riday did not rule out. submitting the case to another grand jury. T w o fe­ deral panels have already held probes. 
The two airlines were indicted in 
1975 for allegedly conspiring to keep 
Southwest Airlines out of the lucrative 
San Antonio-Dallas-Houston air mar- ket. 
But Chief U S. Dist. Judge Adrian A. 
Spears dismissed the indictment in 
February and condemned actions by federal prosecutors in the case. 
Attorney present 

The judge said Burton S. Kolko, a former Civil Aeronautics Board attor­ ney, should not have been in the grand jury room while the case was present­ ed. 
During his tenure as CAB A gree­ ments Division chief, Kolko passed on many matters dealing with Braniff and 
Texas International against Southwest. 
The attorney left CAB to join the U.S. 
Justice D ep artm en t’s A ntitrust Di­ vision. 
He said he was in the grand jury room only to observe and learn grand jury procedure. 
"No one appeared to recognize any impropriety in placing Kolko before the grand jury,” Judge Spears said. 
The judge also ruled the indictment was too vague to stand. 

Justice Department lawyers filed a motion here asking Judge Spears to dismiss their appeal in the caw*. 

The motion stated U S. Solicitor 
. General Wade McCree decided not to 

 appeal to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of 
Appeals. 
J u s tic e D e p a rtm e n t spokesm an 
M ark Sheehan said no decision has been made on resubmitting the case to a grand jury here. 
Lien on Eagle Pass stockyards bought 

EAGLE PASS (AP) - The dis­ posal of properties of Eagle Pass rancher and businessman Richmond 
Harper continued this week in Eagle 
Pass with a Chicago bank buying a lien on the Maverick Stockyards. 
Harper’s creditors, including the 
First National Bank of Chicago, Surety 
Savings Assn. of Houston, and Winter- garden Production Credit Association, posted notices of public auction their portions of tin* Harper properties this, week and tried to get rid of them. The properties included 
M averick 
F eed yards and 
M averick 
Beef 
Packers. 
But the only transaction involved the 
Chicago bank and the W intergarden 
Association. First National took a first lien from WPCA by paying it $719,-ooo for its stake in Maverick Feedyards. 
The Chicago bank a lre a d y held a second lien for a $4.5 million loan and tin? purchase gave it first lien on the property. 
Security Savings found no buyers for 

 the defunct Maverick Beef Packers, but the notice to sell constituted of­ ficial foreclosure on that H a rp e r property. 
Some of the Harper properties also had received loans from sta te and county agencies. 
The Maverick County Development 
Corp. had loaned Harper some $87,ooo and has a d istric t co u rt suit filed against him in hopes of recovering some of the money. 
Officials estim ated the feedlot is worth about $7oo,ooo “ as is” although debts are in the multimillion dollar figure. 
E stim ated worth of the packing plant is between $6oo,ooo and $7oo,ooo. 
The auction was delayed earlier this week following reports that H arper was getting funds to m a k e som e payments on his debts. 
But when told that H arper would come up with some money, one of the creditors said: “ We are not holding our breath ” 
UT regent Bauerle files to reorganize 
Nine more 

Furey to participate in 
Easter Mass at cathedral 

A rchbishop F ran cis 
Furey will participate in a Concelebrated Mass and Homily at 9:3o a.m. 

Sunday in San Fernando 
Cathedral. 
Bishops Patrick Flores and Raymundo Pena will 

INC 
Lawns ^'Beauty n u r s e r y 
* 

8 6 S o B a n d e ra R o a d 

I. Augustine (Carpet) 
P R A S S . . . FULL PALLET 
V # 
«q.|d. 
ESS THAN A FULL PALLET............. . • 
1 •1 7 **• Td 
FLOftATAM .. .tu n p a u it ............J • * J *1- T*- 
USS THAN A FUU PAUIX.................... 
I • B V sq. yd. 
(W eather Permitting) 
COMPLETE 
PRODUCTS 
AVAILABLE. 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit O ur Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with 

 everyday “ FARM TO Y O U ” 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

•PEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
684-21 IO 

 celebrate regular Masses 
Easter Sunday. Bishop 
Flores will celebrate the 
9 a.m. Mass at Immacu­ late Conception Church and Bishop Pena the 9:3o a.m. Mass at St. Paul's 
Church. 
E piscopalian Bishop 
Scott Field Bailey will celeb rate the ll a m. 
Easter service at Holy 
Cross Episcopal Church. rile service will in ­ clude bap tism , co n fir­ mation, reception of new members and holy com­ munion. 
The su n rise service usually sponsored by the 
Council of Churches of 
.Metropolitan San Antonio will not be held this Eas­ ter. 
The Rev. C. Don Baugh of the council said the service has been rained out too often in the past causing the council to lose money. 

University of Texas Regent Jam es 
Bauerle has filed a petition in U.S. 
Bankruptcy Court to develop an a r­ rangement to pay off creditors. 
Dr. Bauerle, a San Antonio dentist, is unable lo pay off liens on property in 
Blanco and Llano counties, his attor­ neys stated in the petition. 
The petition does not value the land, although it does state Bauerle owns equity interest of more than $1oo,ooo. 
He owes three secured creditors a total of $26o,ooo, the petition states. 
Financial dealings 

Bauerle has been involved in a series of financial dealings involving Par- ish-Draughon Business College and 
Citizens State Bank of Carrizo Springs. 
Bauerle was part of a group which bought the business school in 1975 and faced an immediate battle for accredi­ tation by the Texas Education Agency. 
After gaining TEA approval, the school remained open until March 1976 when directors voted to close it. 
A TEA consultant said at that time the school was on the verge of having its license revoked. 
Attorney David Turlington said a contributing factor for the dosing was 
Citizens State’s failure to honor com­ mitments. 
Sold interest 

Ju st months earlier. Bauerle and others had sold controlling interest in the bank to Enrique Salinas of Eagle 
Pass. 
The bank was dosed by bank exa­ miners in June 1976. 
That closing triggered state, federal and congressional probes of South 
Texas hanking irregularities. 
Members of the Sari Antonio group which owned the Carrizo Springs bank trorp Bauerle. Ron Bramble, Willard 
Hertz and Norm Bevan. 

They gained control of the bank in 
July 1974 and sold it to Salinas in early 
1976. 
Congressional in vestigators said 
Bauerle had loans totalling $13o,ooo during that time. 
Classified as loss 
When the bank closed, loans to 
Bauerle of $8o,575 were classified as a loss by bank examiners. 
Bauerle filed his petition with the 
Bankruptcy Court under Chapter XII of bankruptcy statutes, which applies to people or^corporations involved in real estate. 
While a petition is pending under the bankruptcy laws, creditors cannot file suits or foreclosures against the peti­ tioner, an attorney familiar with the statutes said. 
The law' allows the debtor to develop a new plan to pay off his creditors. 

Service scheduled 

A Spanish Easter Sun­ rise Service will be held at 7 a.rn. Sunday in the 
Alameda Theater, 314 W. 
Houston St. 
The E a ste r m essage will be delivered by the 
Rev. Manuel Rodriguez and m u sic will he provided by 
B aptist 
Choirs led by Jo sh u a 
Sanchez. 
The Easter service w ill be sponsored by the San 
Antonio Baptist M en’s 
Spanish Division. 

Nine more San Anton­ ians b ecam e rich er as winners in the Express- 
News $5o,ooo Sw eep­ stakes ’77. 
Sunday’s lucky super bonus w inner will take home a $1,395 A-Tex pool table. 
The latest $5o certifi­ cate winner is Ona Lea 
Anton of 4931 Lake Wood 
Drive. 
Luther F. Johnson of 
266 Wellesley Blvd. re ­ ceived a $25 certificate. 
Winners of $1o certifi­ cates w ere Ina Dial of 
28o6 
B elvoir 
D rive, 
Walton J. Grinke of 112 
North Oak Drive, Sarah 
Ratner of 1951 W. Mag­ nolia Ave. and E m m a 
Jackson of 718 Avant 
Ave. 
O ther w inners of $1o certificates were Virgin­ ia Arevalo of 125o6 Cisco 
Blvd., Edward Campos of 
3326 W. Houston St. and 
Olivia Lopez of 1921 
Saunders*Ave. 
You too can be a big w inner by sending in your entry into the Ex-; press-News. No purchase; is necessary. 
Winners are announced daily in the Express and the News. S a tu rd a y ’s 

The e n tire 
Sw eep­ stakes ’77 is leading to that big April 24 when the; lucky winner of the $1,ooo! bonus also will receive a free trip for two to Mexi-i co City. 
’ 

14 karat yellow gold and diamond bracelet 

1179 
5o 

Wa carat of shim­ mering, sparkling diam onds beauti­ fully set in a 14 karat yellow gold bracelet . . . what a glorious addi­ tion to her w ar­ drobe of fine jewels. 
Diamond 
Salon, Downtown; similar selection 
North 
Star and 
Windsor Park. 

Illustration enlarged to show detail 

JOSHES 
U A UNIT o r ALLIED STORES 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 
Lila, San Martin accused of pre-vote runoff deal 

By JAM ES Met RORY 
Mayor Lila Cockrell and former 
Mayor Pro Tem Jose San Martin cut a deal before last Saturday's election to support whoever made it into the runoff, a prominent supporter of San 
Martin charged Friday. 
The charge came at a press confer­ ence at which Mexican-American leaders unrolled the red carpet for 
Monfrey in his bid for mayor. 
Leveling the charge was Frank Se­ pulveda, president of West Coast Pro­ duce Co., Inc., and one of San Martin's biggest supporters before the doctor was cut from the running last Satur­ day. 
Friday Sepulveda announced he is for Monfrey. 
“ If San Martin wouldn’t have run. 

'I f San Martin wouldn't would be mayor now" have run, John Monfrey 

John Monfrey would be mayor now," 
Sepulveda assessed. 
As for his credentials as a bona fide backer of San Martin before last Sa­ turday’s election, Sepulveda said he was one of the co-signers of a $1o,ooo note for the doctor and had a hand in 
$2,5oo in tickets sold for San Martin’s big campaign bash at Villita Assembly 
Hall. 
His understanding, Sepulveda indi­ cated, was if San Martin was elimin­ ated the doctor wouldn’t endorse Mrs. 
Cockrell because Monfrey would be 

■ U P ■ ■ ■ « ■ ■ ■ rn rn rn 

WARCHOL) Si 
-SHOWROOM 

 gANKAMERICAMi 

M T O 
7123 
SAN PEDRO 

3 4 2 -4 5 6 6 
342-1951 
9 o D A Y S SA M E A S CASH - TERMS 
WE GIVE AND REDEEM GOLD BOND STAMPS 

SSS*®? 
K S S ? " 

 was siw 
' 
*2 4 9 . 

W IT H 
P U R C H A S E OF 
A N Y 
R E F R IG E R A T O R 

499*4 

 pr!c°,I * WHSl 
16 °n ir 

, 
9 dia. 

 k 
Mooil« v - i n o 

LIX l a 
. 

FRIGIDAIRE WASHER, Heavy Duty, 18 lb., Deluxe, I only, Harvest 
Gold, 2 only Avacada.............................................. . .............$343.95 

FRIGIDAIRE DRYER, Heavy Duty, 18 lb., automatic, I only, copper, 
I only harvest gold................................................................$233.95 
FRIGIDAIRE REFRIGERATOR, 2o cu. ft., harvest gold, I only............... $5o9.95 
FRIGIDAIRE REFRIGERATOR, 3 door, 2o cu. ft., white, only.................$599.95 
GAS RANGE, 36” , I only, copper............................................. $1 88.95 
GAS RANGE, 36", I only, harvest gold......................................$1 88.95 
GAS RANGE, 46", I only, avocado............................................$1 97.95 
GAS RANGE, 46” , I only, harvest gold, with griddle 
......... $21 8.95 

 better for the community than Mayor 
Cockrell. 
“ San Martin said ‘I will not support 
Lila; there’s no way I can support her because she’s not doing the job and that’s why I decided to run against her,’’’ Sepulveda claimed were San 
Martin’s words. 
Expressing the belief an exchange of communication between Mrs. Cockrell and San Martin “ was set up from the beginning,” Sepulveda noted both are former Good Government Leaguers. 
Mexican-American 
Sepulveda’s rffharks stood out at the meeting, but there was an impressive display of Mexican-American and la­ bor support on hand to add to the sup­ port of Monfrey. 
State Hep. Matt Garcia served as master of ceremonies, and he intro­ duced State Eep. Joe Hernandez; labor leaders Eenry Munoz and Jonell 
Mackay; Southside Coalition members 
Martin Rangel and Art Castano; San 
Antonio 
School 
District board members Mrs. Rudy Esquivel and 
Jesse Trevino and former Justice of the Peace John Campos. 
Mrs. Esquivel also said she was representing her husband, Justice of the Peace Rudy Esquivel. 
They all pledged support for Mon­ frey in the runoff. 
Not present, but reported with Mon­ frey in the finale to be settled next 
Saturday, were Com. A. J. Ploch, 
Constables Bob Garcia and Ish Garza and Justice of the Peace Leo Mendoza. 
“ There has to be a new day in San 
Antonio,” Rep. Garcia said. 
Strong figure 
Explaining he received calls from 
Mrs. Cockrell and Monfrey the day after the first election. Rep. Garcia said he decided to give his support to 
Monfrey because the city needs a strong figure at the helm. 
He noted the closing of the Farah 
Manufacturing Co. plant and defense cuts affecting San Antonio military installation. Monfrey, he said, is strong enough to go out and entice new business to San Antonio. He said Mon­ frey would be a positive type of mayor. 
He said Monfrey promised him the city would maintain close communica­ tion with the elected representatives to the legislature and would operate a totally open government. 
Not in bondage 
Expressing deep respect for San 
Martin, Rep. Garcia said, however, a politician must understand “ that the mere fact a person votes for us does not place him in bondage to us.” 
That was in reference to San Mar­ tin’s efforts to rally his troops behind 
Mrs. Cockrell, whom he endorsed ear­ lier this week. 
Voters, Rep. Garcia suggested, may love and respect San Martin but will exercise “ self expression” when they enter the voting booth. 
Munoz was one of the big crowd pleasers at the press conference at 
Falstaff Beer, Inc., Monfrey’s opera­ tion at 2o19 S. Alamo St. 

Munoz, representative of three pub­ lic employes unions which endorsed 
San Martin in the first election and have endorsed Monfrey in the runoff, explained why the 4,6oo-member un­ ions didn’t endorse Mrs. Cockrell. 
“ Lila did the Watusi with us for two hours, and I found out absolutely nothing,” Munoz said. 
Observing when he took up the question of city wages with the mayor, she suggested patience while a study was made, Munoz asserted: 
“ You can’t make tortillas out of pa­ tience.” 
Hernandez noted his legislative dis­ trict includes 75,ooo people in West and 
South West San Antonio, 97 per cent of them Mexican-Americans. 

Monfrey, he assessed, as mayor would be more responsive, would lis­ ten and would be closer to Mexican- 
Americans than Mrs. Cockrell. 

Neutral 

Castano said San Martin “ is not authorized to take our votes to mar­ ket.” 
Monfrey, in answer to a question, said he has supporters on both sides in the remaining six district races for the council and will take “ an absolutely neutral position” in those runoffs. 

“ I think this may have turned things around,” Monfrey said after the meet­ ing broke up as he dashed to his car for his next political appearance. 

Lila gets help from 
San Martin 

Solid Brass Bed Sale 
Save Almost Half — and choose from 2 Styles! 

Style I 

• Reg. $6oo.oo 
Full 

• Reg. $7oo.oo 
Queen Size 

• Reg. $8oo.oo 
King Size 

Style 2 

• Reg. $75o.oo 
Twin or Full 

• Reg. $7oo.oo 
Queen Size 

• Reg. $95o.oo 
King Size 

$399 
$449 

$499 

$399 
$499 

$499 

PRICES G O O D AT ALL 
3 STORES 

THE 
6646 SAN PEDRO 
828-5444SLEEP SHOP 
3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
736-5878 
1724 S.W. MILITARY 
922-1691 

Trudeaus separate 

OTTAWA, Canada (AP) - Prime 
Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau and his wife Margaret have agreed to a three-month trial separation, ac­ cording to a friend of Mrs. Trudeau. 
Dan Turner, a reporter who lives in Ottawa, told a Canadian Broad­ casting Corp. television news pro­ gram earlier this week that he had learned of the separation from Mrs. 
Trudeau herself. 
The Toronto Globe and Mail on 
Friday quoted Turner as saying, 
“ this does not mean they are separating permanently.’’ At the end of the trial period they will decide what they are going to do, he said. 

According to the paper, Turner said the trial period apparently began before Mrs. Trudeau’s wide­ ly publicized trip to Toronto and 
New York in early March, and he added he thought things may be going better for the couple now. 
“ A month ago I was so sure there was a breakup that I was going to write a story. Now it seems less definite. It could go either way,” 
Turner was quoted as saying. 
There has been no comment on the report by either of the 
Trudeaus. Mrs. Trudeau returned to Ottawa Thursday, just before her husband left on a business-vacation " trip to California. 

Fernandez questions 
Alderete’s credentials 

Dr. Jose San Martin, in endorsing 
Mayor Lila Cockrell for re-election after he was eliminated in last Satur­ day’s election, gave more than lip service to the mayor’s bid Friday. 
San Martin presented Mrs. Cockrell to his campaign organization during a meeting held in the offices of State 
Democratic Committeeman Haul J i ­ menez, 616 Delaware St. 
Key people 

Key people in 
San 
M artin’s organization agreed with San Martin’s endorsement of Mrs. Cockrell. 
They reported they will be active in 
Mrs. Cockrell’s campaign through election day next Saturday. 
San Martin said he has no doubts the mayor will carry out the main thrust of his campaign — unification of the city. 
Easier position 
Meanwhile, Lewis Ground, Mrs. 
Cockrell’s campaign manager, report­ ed the mayor is in a little easier position in regard to campaign contri­ butions than she was in last Saturday's election. 
It seems some supporters were waiting until the runoff to make con­ tributions, and others have matched or even doubled contributions they made before the first race. 
Mata claims runoff help 

Seven candidates eli­ minated in the District 4 race for the City Council last Saturday have en­ dorsed Johnny Mata over 
Frank Wing, Mata re­ ported Friday. 
Mata, who trailed Wing into the runoff, identified candidates endorsing him as Jimmy Flores, 
Mrs. Willie Meyer, Bill 
Leffler, John Machado, 
Haul Perez, C. A. Kelly and Manuel Flores. 
Think tank to meet 
THE 
HAGUE. 
The 
Netherlands (AP) — The 
25th meeting of the Bil- derberg think tank will be held April 22-24 in 
Torquay, England, the organization announced 
Friday. 
The gathering of intel­ lectuals from Western 
Europe and the United 
States will be chaired by 
Sir Alec Douglas-Home, former British prime minister and foreign secretary. 

The candidate who ran third in Dis­ trict 7 in last Saturday’s city election 
Friday questioned whether runoff can­ didate Joe Alderete Jr. is “ academi­ cally prepared” to serve on City Coun­ cil. 
Raising the issue is Mike Fernandez, who endorsed Councilman Richard 
Teniente for re-election following the election. 
Teniente received 5,191 votes last 
Saturday, Alderete garnered 3,o89 and 
Fernandez received 2,612. 
“ Mr. Alderete does not have a col- 
Ex-aide tells of Monfrey aid to San Martin 

Runoff mayor candidate John Mon­ frey donated four kegs of beer for a big pre-election rally for then-mayoral candidate Dr. Jose San Martin. 
San Martin now is trying to exchange the beers for a bier for Monfrey in next 
Saturday’s runoff election. 
The doctor has endorsed Mayor 
Lila Cockrell over Monfrey in the runoff. 
Frank Sepulveda, a former San 
Martin supporter and financial contri­ butor, told of the donation for a rally by 
County Com. Albert Bustamante at 
Mission County Park. The rally was in behalf of the candidacy of San Martin. 
Sepulveda said Friday Monfrey, owner of a beer distributing company and the runoff candidate of his (Se­ pulveda) choice, donated the beer for the San Martin bash at his request. 

Labels ordered for the T ill’ 

WASHINGTON (A P) - Manufae- lurers of birth control pills must begin providing labels that aid physicians in weighing the pills’ possible risks to women. 
The new labeling requirement, first proposed by the Food and Drug Ad­ ministration on Dec. 4, went into effect 
Wednesday. It was the latest move by the government to insure that pill-tak­ ing women know the possible health consequences of using that form of contraception. 
Still under study by the EDA is an­ other requirement, proposed Dec. 7, that would expand information about the possible risks of birth control pills presently available to the women. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Published coch Saturday, Sunday and labor 
Day, 
Thanksgiving 
Day, and on 
July 
4, 
Christmas Day, N ew Year s D ay, when they occur Monday through Friday. Also published an a Monday, when July 4. Christmas Day, 
New Year s Doy tails on a preceding Sunday 
By The Express-News Corporation 
P O Box 2171 
Son Antonio, Texas 78297 
Second Class Postage Paid at 
San Antonio, Texas 
Registrar!© corno atbculo de 2da close el 
29 de Enero 1922, en lo Administration de 
Correos en Nuevo Laredo, Tamps , Mexico 

All communications should be addressed to 
Son Antonio Express, or San Antonio News. 
This newspaper will not be responsible For manuscripts or photographs not solicited, for publication, 

M AIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

Inside Texas 
I Mo 
6 Mos. 
I Yr. 

Morning & Sunday . 
$5 49 $28 l l $54 74 
Morning Only 
. 
$4 65 $23 
9o $46 I I 
Evening & Sunday , 
$5 o7 $26 
13 $5o 56 
Evening O n ly 
$4 4 I $23 
o5 $44 54 
Sunday Only 
. $3 21 $16 15 $3o 85 

(Prices above include soles lax.) 

OTHER STATES 

Morning & Sunday 
$5 51 $31 
34 $61 17 
Morning Only 
. 
$5 2o $27 
4 / $53 75 
Evening A Sunday . 
$5 45 $3o 
25 $58 99 
Evening O nly . . . . . 
$4,79 $26.5o 
$51 43 
Sunday O n l y 
$3 48 $16 
95 $32 74 

(Substrtptom outside Texas ore not subject lo tax.) 

Home delivery monthly rates rn Son An­ tonio: Morning and Sunday, $3 4 o per month 
(includes Few): 6 day Morning only, $2 7 o per 

 month (includes ta*} Sunday only — 4 Sondoy 
— $1 47 per month (includes to*)- 5 Sunday w 8 1.o4 per month (includes tax). 
C O M B IN A T IO N RATE 
Morning, Evening, 
Saturday and Sunday. $4 35 per month. 

 loge education degree and this is a true fact,” Fernandez said. 
“ He has been deceiving the consti­ tuents by saying he is academically prepared to hold the position of city councilman.” 
Fernandez is dean of students at Our 
Lady of the Lake University. 
Reacting to allegations he attributed to Alderete after his endorsement of 
Teniente in the runoff, Fernandez said he can’t understand Alderete saying ne sold himself out to Teniente. 
“ He and his followers have hounded me for their support since Saturday night after the election results wert' in,” Fernandez said of Alderete and his supporters. 
He related several instances of Al­ derete contacting him, both in person and through supporters, seeking his support in the runoff. 
He claimed Alderete “ suggested to me that he could help me raise a certain amount of money to pay a portion of my campaign expenses if I gave him my support in the runoff.” 
Fernandez said Alderete’s actions demonstrate instability and insecurity, along with a lack of political know­ how, self-confidence and education. 
W A R N IN G 

 or valuable things, or promised any public office or employment as a reward for giving or witholding a vote at the election at which I w»« ejected. 1 
Wording 
“ The key wording of this oath is what would constitute an ‘indirect’ va­ luable thing. 
“ It is possible a promise to vote ort a specific issue in a .specific manner could under certain circumstances be found by a court to constitute a viola­ tion of this constitutional provision,” 
Parker wrote. 
Incumbents tm 
Parker said those already in offing as contrasted to those who would like to be, are in a more precarious position because they are public officers and therefore subject to provisions of cri­ minal statutes. 
Parker advised council members he was making his recommendation about lawyer consultation “ because of the fact those of you seeking re-election might be unaware of the possible legal consequences of making specific promises, particularly where pecuniary benefit may be present.” 

25oo Broadway 
KRACO CB with AM/FM STEREO RADIO 
MOUNTS IN DASH 

***** 

\ m 
« 
,« . 
Mf rn. 
«***» 

4 
_ 
W I*. 

. . p 

The KCB-237o CB with AM/FM/Stereo Radio. Convertible 

 for In-dosh and Under dash use, other features include: CB 

Features: Solid state design; 23 channel Phase-lock Loop 

Integrated Circuit Controlled Synthesizing Circuit; Built-in 

 automatic modulation control circuit; Detachable Dynamic 

Microphone; Squelch Control; CB/Radio selector switch; 

Transmit indicator lamp. Radio Features.- AM/FM Multiplex 

 stereo radio; Integrated Circuitry; 4 watts per channel 

 audio output; 12 volt DC negative ground; Full range Tone 

Control; AM/FM selector switch; FM Stereo indicator lamp; 

Antenno trimmer. 

4 4 i 
Sugg. Ret. 231.95 

23 CHANNEL 

Sugg. Ret. 339.95 

9 
9 
- 

 t i t99 9 9 

PH*? 

23-CHANNEL, FUIL-POWER CB BASE STATION IN SLIM-LINE FULL-MOLDED 
CABINET. Full legal 4.o watt output power transmitter. Dual conversion receiver with tuned 
RF stage, AGC, variable squelch/PA. Instrument style S/RFO meter, TX light. Hi-filter, and ex­ ternal CB switches. Operates on 115-volt AC or 12-volt DC, positive or negative ground, 
43/i"h. x I I W w . x 8'/2" d. With mic., power cords. 

MODEL 
13-955 
IDLAND 

SU GG. RETAIL $259.95 
NOW 
9 9 \ 

W HILE THEY LAST 

23-CHANNEL REMOTE EUU-POW ER CB MOBILE. Modular design puts CB circuit -block box" out of sight in trunk, under seat or on firewall. Compact control heat with 23-channel selector dial, S/RFO meter, power and PA/est. CB switches is easily removable. Mic. holds' volume and variable squelch controls. Full legal power transmitter. Dual conversion receiver with built-in ANL. "Omni-Power." Includes 2o-ft. aircraft-quality cable. 

V J * 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 I 977 
H 

Grinning like grandpa, Jason Carter greets the President in Calhoun, Ga. 
Hartman working to defeat Teniente 

City Councilman Glen Hartman is working to defeat Councilman Richard 
Teniente in next Saturday’s runoff election. 
Hartman, home free after winning his D istrict 9 election outright last 
Saturday, is supporting Joe Alderete 
Jr., runoff candidate against Teniente in District 7. 
During a fundraiser at A lderete headquarters, Hartman expressed ad­ m iration for Alderete for his battle against the same type of special inter­ 

 est promoters he had to fight in his election. 
Alderete told Hartman he plans to work w ith the re-elected council members to provide a fresh approach to solving problems of the city. 
“ The old allian ces and special interest groups who are supporting 
Teniente have served to erode our tax base, encourage deterioration of good, solid neighborhoods, and ignore the needs of residents of our city inside 
Loop 41o,” Alderete charged. 
Billa praises districting 

The South Side will benefit from the new City 
Council districting plan because a m ajority of seats are on the South 
Side, D istrict 3 incum ­ bent C ouncilm an Bob 
Billa said Friday. 
Billa said he favored the 1o-1 districting plan while his District 3 runoff opponent, Helen Dutmer, did not. 
He told a group of over 
2oo supporters he will w ork tow ard develop ­ m ent of the Stinson 

Municipal Airport area, as well as the deordiza- tion of Mitchell Lake. 
He also favors develop­ ment of a deep South Side 
,,ark and a com prehen­ sive street improvement 

 plan w ithout tax in ­ creases. 
Billa added he is confi­ dent of a good working, re la tio n sh ip betw een himself and other council members. 

Braunig gets new long pier 

B raunig L ake, stock ed with largemouth bass, channel catfish, crappie, bream and redfish, has a new $4o,ooo fishing pier. 

The pier is 22o feet long and six feet wide with a 2o-by-2o foot plat­ form, said Fred Pfeiffer, manager of the San Antonio River Authority. 

Pfeiffer Friday said plans are in progress for the lighting of the pier in the near future and the pier is now being baited to attract fish. 

A fish-attracting reef is planned for construction this spring within casting distance of the pier, Pfeiffer said. 

Braunig Lake Park is open daily from 6 a.m . until IO p.m. through 
Nov. 3o. U se fee for ad u lts 17 through 61 is $1. Use of the pier is free. 

P ro m o te r sentenced 
LOS ANGELES (A P) 
— G eraldine E lizabeth 
Carmichael, convicted of fraud in prom oting her three-w heeled car, was sentenced F riday to 2o months in state prison. 
Her attorneys said they 

 would appeal the se n ­ tence because th e ir client, a self-described transsexual, would not be safe in e ith e r a m en’s prison or a w om en’s prison. 

Dry spring hits Florida 

HOMESTEAD, Fla. (AP) — The dryest spring on record has given Dade 
County orchard owners more to worry about than the South Florida freeze that browned their trees in January. 

Carter.may alter stand on SALT 

CALHOUN, Ga. (AP) — P resident 
Carter, disclosing he has had private exchanges with Soviet leader Leonid I. 
Brezhnev, said Friday that the United 
States is re-evaluating its strateg ic arms-limitation proposals and would 
“ be very eager” to change them if they are inequitable. lf the Soviet Union comes up with 
“ some explanation” of its own arm s ca p ab ilities “ of w hich I am not aw are,” C arter said, “ I would c e r­ tainly take that into consideration” as well. 
Carter spoke with reporters at Dob­ bins Air Force Base in M arietta en route to an Feaster visit to his eldest son. Jack, in this small town north of 
Atlanta. Most of his family accom pan­ ied him. 
The P resident said he has spent considerable time going over the U.S. proposal for strategic-arm s reduction since it was rejected by the Soviet 
Union, and “ my own opinion so far ... is that our proposal was fair and equi­ table.” 
But he said that if upon further study it is found to be inequitable, as the 
Soviets contend, a change in the proposal is possible. 
Although both he and his top national security advisers have said before that some parts of the American proposal are negotiable, this was the first tim e that C arter has said flatly that the 

United States would be eager to change any inequities. 
C arter called the m essag es with 
B rezhnev “ a routine so rt of ex­ change,” and said they are part of the reason he is hopeful a new arms-limi­ tation agreement will be reached. “ I am not discouraged,” he added. 
He declined to say w h at the ex­ changes were. 
In discussing a possible change of the U.S. position. Carter noted that a month remains before the arm s-lim i­ tation talks resume in Geneva. 
“ During that period of time, we’ll be reassessing some of the objections that the Soviets have raised to see if there is some alternative that can be equally fair to both sides,” he said. 
“ We are now making projections of our own level of nuclear arm am ents and the number of m issiles, the war­ heads and throw-weight and the diver­ sity of nuclear capability that would be in existence in 1985 if our proposal is accepted,” Carter said. 
“ If during this re-analysis we show that there is any inequity there, we would be very eager to change it,” he said. 
On other matters. C arter said: 
• The Palestinian people should have a spokesman at any Genev a con­ ference on the M iddle E ast, but 
Palestinian or “a surrogate” remains to be worked out. 
Crime labs get low accuracy scores 

• He thinks “ we have a good chance to pass the rebate plan” returning $5o of tax money to most Americans, “ but ifs not going to be easy.” 
C arter’s congressional liaison chief, 
Frank Moore, told reporters aboard 
Air F’oree One en route to Georgia that the adm inistration had picked up indi­ cations of six more Senate votes in its tight battle for the $5o tax rebate. 
• Despite U.N. Ambassador Andrew 
Young’s criticism of the B ritish for alleged racism , “ I don’t think the Bri­ tish w ere any m ore g uilty than we were.” 
Encouraging 
C arter said a m eetin g T hu rsd ay between Secretary’ of State Cyrus R. 
Vance and Soviet Ambassador Anatoly 
F\ Dobrynin to discuss arm s lim ita­ tions w as en co u rag in g . The P re s i­ dent’s press secretary said earlier in the day it was an example of “ contin­ uing co n tacts” betw een the United 
States and the Soviet Union on SALT. 
In addition to his exchanges with 
Brezhnev, C arter said other encour­ agement came from a close reading of 
Soviet Foreign M inister Andrei Gro­ myko’s news conference following So­ viet rejection of the U.S. proposals. 
The adm inistration sought to reduce the num ber of strategic bom bers or intercontinental ballistic m issiles from the 2,4oo ceiling set in the SALT II pact. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

WASHINGTON (AP) — It was a routine request for crime labs, which are called on every day to analyze evidence that could mean the difference in guilt and innocence in a crimi­ nal case. 
But of 124 government-oper­ ated labs that checked two blood sam ples in a special sur­ vey, only 4o concluded cor­ rectly that they came from dif­ ferent persons. 
If the samples had been con­ nected with an actual case, the results reached by 84 of the labs could have helped to convict an ' innocent person. They reported incomplete or inconclusive results because of a lack of sophisticated equipment or sim ply reached the wrong answer. 

The example was cited by the 
Law Enforcement Assistance 
Administration in releasing a report Friday that said many crim e laboratories operated by state, local or federal govern­ m ents make mistakes and over­ look im portant points in com­ paring bloodstains, firearms, glass, paint, soil and other items used as evidence. 
A lab technician’s court testi­ mony often is crucial in linking a defendant with a crime. For example, bloodstains on a de­ fendant’s clothing are com­ pared with a victim’s blood type to determ ine whether the defendant could have com­ m itted a m urder. 
The report said some labs scored as low' as 4o per cent on a test of their ability to com­ pare bloodstains. 

M O T O R 
I N N 

 invites you to a 
EASTER 
BUFFET 

 featuring a bountiful array o f delicious traditional and neu foods fo r your feast. . . 

L f • p e r person reservations advised 

74OI WURZBACH ROAD (AT BABCOCK) 
696-99oo 

Beautiful t i l 
S P E C IA L S 
ORCHID 
CORSAGES 
GIFT BOXED 

NORTHEAST 
6923 San Pedro 
Ph. 344-4576GRIMM’S your completeprofessional center 

OPEN DAILY 8 :3o -6:oo — SUNDAY 9:oo -6:oo 

NORTHWEST 
17o4 fcmdere Rd. 
PH. 434-4111 

EASTER 

BLOOMING GIFT 

POT PLANTS. 

BOTH STORES 

CLOSED EASTER 

SU N D A Y . 

 f e r t ilo m e 

F 
I 
I 
Run 
FREE 

ST. A U G U S T IN E 

L O C A L L Y G R O W N 
GRASS 
$ 1 I 5 sa 
Y D 
SPRAY NOW! 

The spray 
-TS is in d 
* 1 fertilome lr convenient 

FRUIT 
1iquid form 

T D K a n d c o n t a i n s 
I n t l an effective fungicide. 

BEAUTIFUL 
EASTER LILIES 

THE SYMBOLIC EASTER FLOWER 
LUSK, BEAUTIFUL, BLOOMING PLANTS! 

FIVE 
$ f 
4 9 

BLooMS 
POT 

LARGER PLANTS ... PRICED IN RATIO 

 rn:------j 
QUART 
2o1b. *7.95 v - ..........*o.98 
Trust your fruit trees to ferti-lome.../f works! 
& fertMome ^ 

GIFT WRAPPING AVAILABLE 

BLOOMING 
HYDRANGEAS 

LARGER SIZES .... PRICED IN RATIO 

BLOOMING GERANIUMS 

5 Inch Size 
........*1.67 bvi Inch Size 
... *4. 97 
THESE ARE BEAUTIES 

CALADIUMS 
$o98 
W poi 

WHITE - RED - PINKS. 
THESE ARE VERY FULL 
LEAFY PUNTS! 

MARGO COSTER 
BUDDED & 
C A O ? 
BLOOMING 
ORANGE ROSE 

MOTHERS DAY< 
RED 
ROSE 

ASSORTED COLORS 
KALANCHOS 

$ 3 
» # 
STURDY 
BEAUTIFUL 
LUSH PLANTS! 

BLOOMING 
MUMS 
I 8 TO 24 
BLOOMS 
ALL COLORS 

B L O O M IN G 
* ^ 
VIOLETS $ o 
ASSORTED COLORS 
Mm 

B L O O M IN G 
ZEBRA 
$ A * 9 
PLANTS 
* ¥ 

PERMA 
TRIM 

APPLICATOR 
INCLUDED 
Y o u c a n trust ferti-lom e it works! ferti-lome 

ARE YOUR PLANTS READY FOR SPRING? 
AND SUMMER? 

RUDY SR. SAYS: MAKI YOUR YARD 
GREENER NOW! 
— 

Chelated 
^ iron will make your lawn greener! 

A n ideal basic lawn food 

You can trust your lawn to ferti-lome...it works! fertMome 

WORLDS OF EASTER h 
HANGING 
BASKETS 

* -r |r- ASSORTED 
’# .'■V'. 
VARIETIES 
AND SIZES 

LOVELY MAGNIFICENT 
BLOOMING 
^ 
AZEALEAS 

BUDDED I BLOOMING FULL FOLIAGE 
IDEAL FOR EASTER GIVING 
CALIF. ROSES 

• GRAND FLORAS • FLORA BUNDAS 
• CUMBERS 

New and oold! All American R o s e d * d P R Q 
o 

 growing in 2 gal. cans. T o g g e d ^ r n rn w 

 true to name. 
Only proven 

 varieties for San Antonio, hybrid. 
< R R B 
UP 

DRESS UP YOUR HOME FOR EASTER 
HARDY FOLIAGE PLANTS 
INDOOR 
I GAL MATHE Ref SS 98 
BELLE PALM ir -24 ’ 

6 Pot C H A C IN * 8eg SA 98 
MARGIN A n A l8"-24’ 

6 Pol M A U N * Ref . SA 98 

S3 67MASSENGENAir-rr * 3 * 7 
J - 
*'P o t MACINA 8.8 SA.98 
$ * 
6 7 

EASTER IS ALSO VEGETABLE TIME! 
Onions 
Cantaloupe 
Lettuce 
Potatoes 
Rhubarb 
Horse Radish 
Tomatoes 
Cucumbers 
Oka 
Squash 
Asparagus 
Strawberries 
WatermeHons 
Peppers (Sw M torH o t) 

FOLIAGE AND CACTUS 
GARDENS EASTER 
VERY BEAUTIFUL SPECIAL 

COVERS 5,ooo SO. FT. 

$ Q 9 S *>*,. 

 d b 

 fertilome 

WEED KILLER 
PIUS 
L A W N 
FERTILIZER 

RUDY SR. SAYS: 

Weed ’em and reap! 

Give your lawn a healthy feeding and control weeds at the same time. 
APPLY NOW!!! 
Y o u c a n trust yo u r law n to fe rtM o m e ...It works! ferti-lome 

Only One Coupon Per 
Customer Per Purchase 
On Any Purchase Reg, ularly Priced $16oo to ? A 
$19oo 
Applies to m 
Everything In 
I 
Stock 
Except 
Ad- 
■ vertised Items. Which „ 
B 
'Are. .Pric'eaT .'At. Evert?- w iia ^ t r '■' Savings!. ■ 
Good Through April 11 ' 

Only One Coupon 
Per 
Customer Per Purchase 
Ort Any Purchase Reg­ ularly Priced $12oo to 
A 
$1599 
Applies 
To I 
Everything In v I 
Stock 
Except ‘Ad- * ■ vertised Items, Which 
I 
Aff 
Priced 
At { E r in 
Greater S a v i n g Ofter 
Goop Through Aptil f t 

Only One Coupon 
Per 
Customer Per Purchase 
On Any Purchase Reg ularly Priced $9oo to 
I 
$1199 
Applies 
To 
J 

Everything In 
| 
Stock 
Except 
Ad 
I vertised Items, Which 
I 
Are 
Priced 
At 
Even 
Greater Savings' O iler 
Good Through April 11 

Only One Coupon Per 
Customer Per Purchase 
On Any Purchase Reg­ ularly Priced $7oo to v “• 
$899 
Applies 
To 
Everything In 
I 
Stock 
Except 
Ad­ vertised Items. Which: 
Are 
Priced 
At 
Even 
Greater Savings* Otter 
Good Throygh April 11; 

 fjfV '&■ :■£" ".V'.'': ' '&*'V 
Only One Coupon P er-. 
Custom er Par Purchase 
Ort Any Purchase Reg- V*; h ularly • Priced S5Qo to 
A 
S6S9. .Applies 
To 
■ 
Everything In 
> 
H 
Stock,'1 Except 
Ad- 
V vertised Items. Which a 
Are 
Priced A t _ (Even 
’ 
Greater Savings' Otter 
Good Through A p rih1. 

O nly .-Ode ‘ Coupon Per * 
C uitoihp# Per. Purchase • 
O n .Arty Purchase Reg - ■'■-A ularly Priced 525o lo 
$499.' A pplies to 
M 
Everything In 
Stock 
Except 
Ad- vertised Items Which 
Are 
Priced 
At 
Even ^ 
Greater Savings! Offer 
Good Through April H 

Only One Coupon 
Per 
Customer Per Purchase 
On Any Purchase Reg ularly Priced $1oo to 
J 
$249 
Applies 
To 
■ 
Everything In 
'rn 
Stock 
Except 
Ad- 
■ vertised Items. W hich 
I 
Are 
Priced 
At 
Even 
Greater Savings! Otter 
Good Through A p r) 11 

Only One Coupon Per 
Customer Per Purchase 
On Any Purchase Reg­ ularly Priced $5o to 
J 
$99 
A pplies 
T o f 
J 
Everything In 
I 
Stock 
Except 
Ad 
I vertised Items Which 
I 
Are 
Priced 
At 
Even 
Greater Savings* Otter 
Good Through April 11 

CLIP ’N 
SAVE 
$2o 
JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... AND YOU'LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Saturday April 9 1977 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 

SINCE 191o 

COAST TO COAST 
Look At The Value You Get When Levitz 
And Wilshire... Barkel Combine To O Fer 
You Exceptional Values *127 to *297! 

NEW YORK (A P ) - 
They are boys and girls, the littlest pushers, car­ rying heroin to cus­ tomers in return for handouts. They are en­ listed by older youths because they are immune from adult prosecution. 
An 11-year-old boy ar­ rested Thursday is one of them. 
Seized along with him on charges of selling heroin from a Harlem apartment was his 
18-year-old ‘‘boss.” That was unusual, police say. because too often the 
“ boss’* is not caught. 
“ He’s a dumb little kid." said a community resident who knows the 
11-year-old. “ A baby who doesn’t know right from wrong. He didn't even know how much he was going to get paid." 

To school 

A child from a broken home, the boy’s name w as not revealed because of his age. His mother is on welfare and "all she knows is that she sends the kid off every day to school." said the resi­ dent, who asked not to be identified. 
His arrest was the la­ test in a four-month crackdown on New York 
City's notorious Eighth 
Avenue drug m arket­ place by a special team of police. 
The children have been recruited for the drug trade because it allows the older pushers to skirt the life sentence the state’s strict drug laws mandate for possession of sale of large quantities of heroin. 
"We arrest them that young every day." said police officer Joseph 
Garcia, one of the a r­ resting officers. “ We’ve arrested them as young as 8." 
"Kids go get the drugs and are pushing the drugs," said one veteran observer of the scene. 
‘‘The older guys are on the side just picking up the money.” 
Recruiting the young­ sters is no problem, he said. “ They see these older guys who are their idols on the block.” 

SPECIAL J 
PURCHASE 

SAVE s82 to s2o6 

An inquisitive alligator at an amusement park in laguna Hills, 
Calif., pokes his nose on Spider Monkey Island but encounters 
Harry, the dominant male of the place, who sends the intruder into ignominious retreat. — AP Wirephoto. 
SAVE *152 
St. Mary’s grad is 
Carter’s INS pick 
SPECIAL 
PURCHASE 
SPtCIAl TO IH I EXPRESS NEWS 
WASHINGTON - Leonel J. 
Castillo, a graduate of St. 
Mary’s University, was nomin­ ated as Immigration and Natur­ alization Service commissioner by President Carter Friday. 
Castillo, comptroller for the City of 
Houston, will be the first 
Spanish-surnamed INS commissioner if his nomination is confirmed by Con­ gress. 
Castillo. 39, has previously served on the INS Hispanic Advisory Committee. 
He had also helped organize and direct projects under the Manpower Deve­ lopment Training Act for Jobs for 
Progress, Inc. 
Prior to becoming Houston’s city comptroller in 1972, Castillo, a former 
Peace Corps volunteer and official, was director of the Catholic Council on 
Community Relations for the Galves­ ton Diocese. 
U.S. Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell said, 
“ Castillo brings to the department a strong background in management and public service that is needed to carry out the programs operated by the 9,4oo employes at the immigration service. 

Select SeafN Sleep Comer Groups 
At A Fraction Of Its Regular Price! 
Have A Sofa Aud Loveseat Set 
At A Fraction Of Its Regular Price! 

Scut 6. sleep 2. and save! Versatile 9-pc. corner groups include 2 mattresses, 2 foundations on ball easters. 2 bolsters. 2 coverlets and a corner table 

Here’s your chance to enjoy all the benefits of famous name quality without the high price tag' 
Beautifully coordinated sofas and loveseats come in a1' fabrics, colors & styles, feature well-built 
Frames ... and your big savings! 
SOFA & LOVESEAT 

 r T H IS ^ 
CO U PO N 
W O RTH 

 r T H IS ^ 
CO U PO N 
W O RTH 

^ T H IS ^ 
CO U PO N 
W O RTH 

 r T H IS ^ 
C O U PO N 
W O RTH 

COAST TO C OAST 

M O O 

LEONEL J. CASTILLO 
. . . g e ts n o m in a tio n 

INS is an agency of the Justice De­ partment. 
Castillo is a native of Galveston. He received degrees from St. Mary’s Uni­ versity and the University of Pitts­ burgh. coupon 

I V n A i i v 4n a m 
Tri 

 f 
C O U PO N I 

 r 
W O RTH 
1 

 w TH IS ^ 
CO U PO N 
W O RTH 

 r T H IS ^ 
CO U PO N 
W O RTH 

 r TH IS ^ 
CO U PO N 
W O RTH 

™ 
DAILY 1oAM TO 9PM ... 
SUNDAY 1 TO 6 PM BRO W SING 

• 
Clip andSaves1o2 o 
-posture Rest" 
, , , , 
« 
A ll— 
REO . SIM - a 
Bedding! 
•***« s 
W l l 
3 
I f j r ^ 
5-D R A W ER C H E S T ... $147 
W 
< * L J 

 eau 

WASHINGTON (A P ) — The snafu in Congress over putting off for a year the effective date of a change in sick pay rules for income taxes has left taxpayers with two options as the April 15 filing deadline approaches. 
The 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service said 
Friday taxpayers can either file their returns on time and then file an amendment if the law is changed or they can file for an extension that puts the due date fur the return back to June 15. hoping the law changes by then. 
The problem affects an unknown number of tax­ payers because of a change in the tax law passed 
Oct. 4, 197B, that did away with the old sick pay rules, effective retroactive to Jan. I of that year. 
Under the old sick pay rules, taxpayers were al­ lowed to exclude from their income certain amounts of sick pay and disability pay they received. 
That rule was changed to a disability income exclusion that required a taxpayer to be totally disabled, unable to work in any occupation because of a mental or physical impairment. 
The problem for many taxpayers arose because of 

 the retroactive date in the law. As a result, tax­ payers who have been receiving what prior to Oct. 4 was untaxed money suddenly found they had to pay taxes on the full amount collected during 1976. 
That meant a large tax bill when forms were filled out this year. 
Congress earlier this year decided to amend this law, putting off the effective date until Jan. I, 1977. 
That meant the change would not affect 1976 income and it meant that taxpayers could take steps to avoid being hit with a steep tax bill for 1977. 
The House passed this measure and sent it to the 
Senate where the legislation bogged down in a dis­ pute over one section. Senate Finance Committee 
Chairman Russell Long then put off any action at least until April 18, three days after the deadline for 
1978 taxes. 
As a result, the law still requires taxpayers to declare sick pay and most disability pay as income and they have until the 15th to do so. 
If a taxpayer files a return on time and the law’ is changed, filing a form 1o4oX amended tax return can get back the extra tax money that was paid. 

A D D I I ION A l. P IE C E S 
R EG . SI29-4o" Deck with light 
R I Ci. SIo9-4o" Single Dresser . 
R id . SIo9-4o" Student Desk . . 
R E G . So9-M irror...................... 
R E G . S69-Chuir........................ 
R E G . $ 159-32" 4-Drawer Chest 

Clip andSaves1oo 

Have A Handsome Sofa 
In Leather Look V inyl! 

Sink into this comfort- rich contemporary to­ night! It features a dur­ able naugahyde vinyl cov­ ering, nailhead trim, and deep-seated cushioning to pamper you endlessly. 

R EG . $59 T W IN S IZ E 
/ 
M A T T R E S S O R BO X S P R IN G 
1 
9 
R EG . S79 
Full size mattress or box spring, ea.................. $67 

REG . 5199- 
Queen size mattress & box spring, set 
$169 

REG . $249 
King size mattress & 2 box springs, set 
$219 

R EG . $449 l U i I 

A L L 5 PCS. 
I 
§ 

Striking 5-Pc. Bedroom By Barker contemporary 9-drawer triple dresser, 2 mirrors, night stand and full/queen head­ board with Pecan grain on engraved wood products & selected hardwoods. 

BILL MILLER BARBQUE COUPON 
Bar-B-Que Sausage Family Order 

YOUR CHOICE 
Choose Lea Open Stock Pieces 
For Beauty And Serviceability! 

Team up these handsome pieces for a “ made to order’’ look bedroom that really works! They’re crafted with a warm Pine finish on Pine solids and engraved wood pro­ ducts, practical mar-resistant plastic tops, and heavy 
Brass tone hardware. Custom design your room with their Country Look beauty. Just measure your wall area, come in and pick the pieces you need ... add more as you want ... and save right now! 

REG. $269-Captain’s Bed with Headboard, Footboard. 
2 Roomy Drawers. Shelves, Plus Rails...................$197 

TO GO ONLY 
TO GO ONLY 

REG . S 129-3o" D EC K 
REG . SI29-3o" B A C H E LO R C H E S T 
REG . $129-3o" B A C H E LO R C A B IN E T 
REG . SI 19-4o"x3o" C O R N ER D ESK 
REG . S99-TW IN S IZ E H E A D B O A R D 
REG . S 1o9-FULL S IZ E H E A D B O A R D 
REG. S99-NTGHT S TA N D 

ALL 5 PCS. 
Brighten Mealtimes With This 5-Pc. 
Marble Look Dinette By Douglas! 

If you’re in the market for a new dinette, don’t miss this out­ standing offer! Graceful new set features a lovely 36"x36"- 
48" shaped table top with Corsica Marble pattern on durable, wipe-clean plastic. Own it with 4 chairs, cushioned and covered in avocado floral print vinyl. 

Q U E E N S IZ E 
Slecp-Or-Lounge On This Versatile 
Colonial Style Sofa By Kroehler! 

Put a guestroom at your fingertips with this sofa that's a sleeper, too! Its mellow Colonial styling is extra durable in 
Hercdlon® olefin with hardwood trim ... so handsome guests won’t dream it conceals a big queen size bed for 2! Put an unused room to work, save space and count savings! 

Delicious I Vt lb. order of juicy BSQ SAUSAGE with sauce with I pint each: BEANS* 
POTATO SALAD, COLE SLAW, and I loaf of FRENCH BREAD...Regularly $4.55 
KEEP-YOUR COOL 

If you have a problem your local store manager doesn’t solve, 

Cab Miami, Fia. Headquarters 
Toll Free 1-8oo-327-7645 

• CO PYfcK.N I I* » U V U * » U fc * IT L » * CO fcPOfcM tO N 

543o GREAT FARE ROAD 
Loop (41o) and I-35 at Rittiman Rd. Exit ll 
San Antonio, Texas 
\( 
(512) 661-5331 
V 

PRIC ES GOOD THROUGH A P R IL 11 
> 

All merchandise is priced (or pickup at our dock in the original factory container. Or, ii you wish, w ell deliver for an additional charge. 

IO AUM»N 
A DAI LAS 

LOO** VO 

SPECIALS EFFECTIVE THROUGH WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1977 r DOWNTOWN 
SAN ANTONIOl 

HOUSTON 
\ 
Fresh 9 
^ ■ 

A w 
C O C O N U T CREAM PIE 
I 59 mZ 79* J*A k 
. / ! y r — t 
~t ~ 
.....................J 

April 9 1977 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

William J. Reddell 

Editor o f E d ito ria l P a g e 

Charles O ' Kilpatrick 

E d ito r a n d P ub lisher 

George Carmack 
Associate Editor 

Fane I. Burt 

M a n a g in g E d ito r 

 r n 

Environmental tiff a problem to solve 

Environmental problems are to be solved, not avoided, if 
Americans are to maintain their living standards. 
And solutions begin with realistic definition of the problems. Then comes planning so that implementing solutions can proceed with the best use of often-scarce or costly resources. 
San Antonio has a few envir­ onm ental problem s but none that defy solution. Air quality is a relatively minor problem that is being handled rather well. 
W ater quality is being m ain­ tained but there is hot debate over how best to protect the water and its quality over the long term. 

A num ber of persons have large investments in land lying in the Edwards aquifer recharge zone. That zone has been well­ defined by the U. S. Geological 
Survey. Its relatively-fragile nature has been defined by sev­ eral experts. 

Its use remains an issue — part economic, part scientific and part emotional and, there­ fore, political. 
We continue to encourage in­ telligent approach to planning in the sensitive zone. Those with the most direct economic inter­ est should be in the forefront of planning, fighting to establish the best factual basis possible on which to act. 
The dispute over the Clean 
Air Act produced a showdown over the law’s deadlines. The 

 auto industry met every dead­ line until the one facing it for 
1978 model cars. The case is be­ ing made that technology can’t meet the deadline. But the in­ dustry got busy on the problems and overcame them. 
Houston’s industrial leaders tackled their dirty-air problems the same way. 
If the laws are impractical or more stringent than they need to be, the case has to be made, else attempts to amend them are likely to fail. 
Congress en­ acted the environmental laws during a time when public opin­ ion clearly demanded them. We doubt opinion has substantially changed but there is a basis of experience to show' whether the laws need to be changed. 
It is important that the public understand changes in law af­ fecting air and water quality are based on tolerable conditions and will achieve desirab le results. We can think of no group more legitim ately in­ volved than those with economic interests to protect. They can profitably encourage the e a r­ liest possible use of the pending 
Metcalf & Eddy research on the aquifer. 
The best-qualified experts say the area can be developed but it will be very costly. We encourage developers involved to put them selves in the forefront of planning for safe and publicly-aceeptable meth­ ods compatible with good water management. 
Lo-Vaea needs help to begin an independent gas operation 

It’s tim e for the R ailroad 
Commission and the courts to treat Lo-Vaca Gathering Co. as the best available source for providing more than a million 
South Texans natural gas under the most favorable conditions available. 
Sooner or later, Lo-Vaea has to be cut loose from Coastal 
States Gas Corp. and be allowed to operate as a legitimate com­ pany with a job to do. Lo-Vaca is under court supervision pending resolution of complex problems of Coastal State’s contract fai­ lure. The Railroad Commission has blam ed the troubles on 
Coastal’s mismanagement. 
Meantime, Lo-Vaca is in a state of legally suspended ani­ mation. If isn’t allowed to make a profit. That condition makes it difficult to acquire cash to com­ plete gas storage. It also forces 

 the company to buy gas under the least-favorable conditions. 
The company is in court to try to change some conditions pending settlement of the Coastal m at­ ter. 

Customers have been abused. 
Coastal did it. Penalties should therefore accrue to Coastal. 

Lo-Vaca needs state help in acquirin g rights to storage space. Lo-Vaca needs to to earn a profit when it can without im­ posing higher prices on customers, a condition that ex­ isted on sale s of g as under em ergency law — until the 
Railroad Com m ission d isa l­ lowed the profit. 
Coastal should pay that pen­ alty, not Lo-Vaca. South Texas gas customers of Lo-Vaca need a stabilized company in order to get the best gas deal available. 
Alsatians expand family ties 

The Alsatians are back and it’s beginning to look like a happy habit. 
The 15o visitors in the city from Alsace will see the San 
Antonio sights and visit Medina 
County residen ts whose fore­ b ears cam e from the old country. In 1975, some 18o Alsa­ tians visited here after 3o resi­ dents of Castroville visited their country. 
Hosts were taking the visi­ tors to a dude ranch, feeding them barbecue and otherwise 

 srfgaaffliefe-attaa-aa!* 

. . . BJ 
Vote coverage 

 introducing them to custom s visitors apparently expect to find in Texas. But the greater value of the exchange visits is to cem ent relationship too long neglected and to increase the cultural understanding among the peoples. There are sister city exchanges, cultural and economic exchanges where in­ terests are mutual but the Al- sace-San Antonio area exchange is the warmest and deepest that people share — kinship of fami­ ly ties. 

Sir: In the past, I have not been p leased with your co v erag e of any election. I have been read in g your paper for eight y ears and this y ear is different. 
You gav e good coverage to each of the local d istrict elections. The view s of the can didates for m ayor were well covered from an issu e s stan dpoin t, which is unusual for any San Antonio paper. 
The ra c e s for council w ere m ore difficult to cover in a cityw ide paper. 
Your coverage w as very good and fair to ail in the daily article that covered th ese ra c e s. N o rm ally , you do not cover the races soon enough. 
The V oters G uide you did in con­ junction with the League of Women 
Voters w as excellent. The form at w as fair and readable. I en courage you to use the sam e type of form at in future elections. The L eagu e’s V oters Guide on the presidential election also w as good. I encourage you to work with them in the future on V oters G uides. 
Thank you for the good coverage; it is im portant to a dem ocratic society to have such. 
Dennis W. C arroll 

’Buyer beware’ still best policy 

Sir: R .J. N elson ’s letter (A pril 5), 
“ Sweet ch uckle,” lauded the Food and 
D rug A dm in istration (F D A ) for ful­ fillin g 
“ g o v e r n m e n t’ s r o le ” a s 
“ w atch dog o v er the a ffa ir s of the business com m unity.” As an exam ple of this “ su c c e ss,” and in addition to the ban on sacch arin , he cited the role of the FO A in banning the drug T h ali­ dom ide during the 198os. 
Mr. Nelson should check his p re­ m ises and review the facts concerning the efficacy of governm ent interven­ tion v ersu s the w orkings of the free m arket in consum er protection. 
Ju s t who does he think gav e the official governm ent required sanction for the drug and thereby allowed the introduction of an inadequately tested drug into the m ark etp lace? It certainly w asnjt the Better B u sin ess B ureau or any other free m arket institution, but rather it w as the officials of the federal governm ent. 
In so far a s the question co n cern s rem oving an offending drug from the m arket it should be pointed out that a court of law can do the job e a sie r and with m ore finality than can any gov­ ernm ent bureau such a s the FDA. 
Were it not for the expedient short cut to legitim acy in the eyes of the consum er provided by obtaining the 
“ Good H ousekeeping Seal of A ppro­ val” from the governm ent, drug m an ­ ufacturers would have to en gage in far m ore testin g of any new product before putting it on the m arket in order to gain the approval of consum er protec­ tion groups and get insurance coverage of the product. A further incentive, found only on the free m arket, toward adequate research of a new product is to be found in the value of m aintaining a good reputation and the threat of com petition. 
The present system doesn’t prevent consum er ab u se but tends to increase it. Furth erm ore it actually resu lts in lower quality stan d ard s by a ssu rin g the public that all brands are equally good, so that no com petitive advan tage can result from quality im provem ents. 
“ Caveat em ptor” (buyer bew are) is still the best policy and alw ays will be. 
Robert Paul Sicurello 

 le tte rs to this n ew sp aper should he short and they m ust be signed. Initials only will be used of w riter’s request. Correct ad d re ss and telephon e num ber for identification o f letters ore n eed ed , le tters will be ed ite d fo r length, g o o d ta ste an d le gal re aso n s. 
A ddress: le tters to Hie editor, P .G , b o * 2 1 7 1 , San 
Antonio, TX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

’Official dish’ waste o f money 

Sir: What is happening to our state legislato rs? 
I am referrin g to the article “ Bird: 
Save chili from R e d s” (E x p re ss, A pril 
5). I don’t know about state dish es or national dish es but I would think the dish would be based on the am ount consum ed and not ju st because so m e­ one heard about it in outer sp ace. 
I think there is enough chili in the world that the R eds can have it a s their national food without our legislato rs w astin g our tax money argu in g about m aking it “ the official dish of the State of T e x a s.” 
If our le g isla to rs ca n ’t find m ore im portant legislation than that to do they have been in office m uch too long. 
A s for barbecue, I eat m uch m ore of that than I do chili. The point is these people are w astin g the people’s tax m oney. 
W .F.P . 

G oodpaster recall slap at generals 

Sir: In recallin g Gen. G oodpaster to head W est Point, Secretary of D efense 
H arold Brown h as, in effect, said that none of the A rm y active duty ge n e rals are cap ab le of the job. 

That I cannot believe. While a Senate 
A rm ed S erv ices su b com m ittee is in session con sid erin g a proposal to re­ duce the num ber of ge n e rals and ad ­ m ir a ls , B row n r e c a lls a n o th e r at th ree-star rank. 

While threatening a defen se budget cut in the personnel a re as. Brown add s to the cost by recallin g a retired old ge n tlem an in ste ad of a ssig n in g an 

 wactive duty gen eral to prove his ability or retire him . D idn’t I read som ew here that Brown w as an efficiency exp ert? 
Leonard D allas 

Thanks expressed for aid lo fair 

S ir: We at St. P h ilip ’s E p isco p a l 
Church wish lo ex p re ss our a p p re cia­ tion to you and your sta ff for su p port­ ing the recent Ebony F ash ion F a ir in 
San Antonio. 

The invalu able a ssistan ce extended to us played a highly sign ifican t role in insurin g the su c c e ss of the show. 
K loise Sew ell, C lerk; 
F r. M ilbrew D avis, R ector 

Herr 
W or 

‘Where do they keep the famous pork barrel?’ 
Soviets still hold arms 

WASHINGTON - When Se­ cretary of State Cyrus Vance visited Moscow, the Soviet 
Navy fired a welcome salute for the visit. 
V a n c e ’ s b r ie f fro m P r e sid e n t 
C a r te r is to se ll m u tu al d is a r m a ­ ment. 
A s a sc en e-setter for his ta lk s, a 
S o v iet su b m a rin e in the fa r north 
B a re n ts S ea launched a new -m odel b a llistic m issile that trav eled 5,7oo n a u tic a l m ile s b e fo re it .sp lash e d down in the P acific. 
Longest range 
T his w as not only the longest range e v er atta in e d by a Soviet s u b m a r ­ in e -la u n c h e d b a llis t ic m is s ile 
( S L B M ) but by a su bstan tial m argin the lo n g e st-ra n g e S L B M sh ot ev er fired by either the United S tates or the Soviet Union. 
By con trast, our new est subm arin e 

 m issile, Poseidon, can barely exceed 
2,5oo nautical m iles, or about 4o per cent of the ran ge ju st achieved by the 
Soviets. 
In 1979, when the U .S. Navy ge ts its first new b allistic-m issile su b m arin e sin ce 1967, the a sso c ia te d m issile , 
Trident-I, will travel ju st over 4,ooo nautical m iles. 
Typical speed 

Its m o re a d v a n c e d s ib lin g , T ri- dent-II, with a ran ge com parab le to that dem onstrated by the Soviets, is on N avy d r a w in g - b o a r d s fo r the 
198os, but C o n g re ss h as so fa r d e ­ clined to p rovide re se arch fun din g which will en able T riden t-II to p ro ­ ceed. 
Although the United S tates, under the le a d e rsh ip of A dm . H ym an G. 
R ickover, m ade b allistic-m issile nu­ cle ar su b m a rin e s and their P o la ris and Poseidon m issiles a reality in the 
196os, the Soviet Union, a s this m ost 

 re c e n t f ir in g d e m o n s t r a t e s , h a s m oved w ith ty p ic a l sp e e d an d u r­ gency to outpace the United States. 
Since 1973, the K rem lin h as been deploying its new-generation “ D elta” c la ss of b allistic-m issile su b m arin es which are roughly equivalent to our e v e n tu a lly fo rth c o m in g T r id e n t boats. 
Largest sub 
But the Soviets have a long lead in tim e a s w ell a s in m is s ile ra n g e . 
T h eir first D elta w as launched four y ears ago. T oday, the Soviet Union 

 h as 2o D elta su b m arin es with m ore 

 b u ild in g, m ounting ev er-im provin g m issile s, w hile the U .S. N avy m ust wait until 1979 for our first Trident. 
Today, the Soviet D elta (at 1o,ooo tons su b m erged displacem en t) is the w o rld ’ s la r g e s t su b m a rin e . W hen eventually we get our 18,7oo-ton T ri­ dent boats we will have the b iggest. 
T h e m is s ile th at e x is tin g D elta su b m arin es fire is called the SSN 8, w hose 4,2oo-n au tical-m ile ran ge a l­ read y slig h tly e x c e e d s th at of our forth com in g T rid en t-I. E a c h D elta sub has 16 laun ch ers (or “ tu b e s,” as su b m arin ers call them ) w hereas our b igger T rid en ts will have 24 tubes. 
Implications 
The new, re co rd -b reak in g Soviet m issile is the SSN X 18, solid -fu eled an d w ith a t le a s t th re e h e a v y 
M IR V -type m u ltip le w a rh ea d s, the first M IRV-ed SLB M to enter the So­ viet N avy’s inventory. 
The stra te g ic im plications of a So­ 

 viet SLB M that can travel 5,7oo m iles 
— farth er even than our land-based 
M inutem an ICBM — are om inous. 
With this ex trem e ran ge-cap ab ili- ty, R u ssian b allistic-m issile su b s can be on station, their SSN X18 m issile s aim ed at ta r g e ts through out North 
A m e r ic a , w h ile ly in g s a f e in the 
B are n ts S ea without having to p ass through the gap between Iceland and the F aeroe Islan d s into the m ain body of the North A tlantic, 
On the other hand. D elta su b m a r­ in es, sim ila rly a rm e d , can rem ain close to hom e b a se s along R u ssia ’s 
P acific shore and m enace the United 
S tate s from a new direction. 

It a p p e a rs that u n less V ance can r e v e r se h isto ry an d p e r s u a d e the 
K rem lin to drop the SSN X 18, C on­ g r e ss m ay soon be finding m oney for 
Trident-II. 

If it does, we m ay be able to catch up within seven or eight y ears. 

WASHINGTON - The big news in Washington these days is the arrival of spring. 

It is so m e th in g r e a s s u r in g and- m aybe even m ore im portant than the arrival and departu re of Lopez P ortil­ lo, T rud eau , R abin, C allagh an , Sadat, and all our latest visitors. 
Jim m y C arter cannot possibly have understood w hat it m eant to cap tu re th e W hite H o u se, u n til he sa w W a­ shington in sp rin g. 
F o r se v e r a l r e a so n s, W ash in gton seem s especially beautiful this year. 
The politics of the city is a s confused a s ever, but the geograph y along the 
Potom ac and the historic central plan of the city from the Capitol to the river^ m ay h ave been p re se rv e d and even im proved. 
French architect 
M aj. P ie r re E llico tt C h a rle s I’ En- fant, the Fren ch arch itect and en gin ­ e e r who p lan n ed the new A m erican capital here would probably be ou traged by the co m m ercial develop­ m ent of W ashington today but the wide v ista s and heroic b uildin gs of his ori­ ginal p lan s rem ain. 
The g u e ss here is that he would not be disappointed by the over-all look of the federal triangle. 
The W hite House grounds, with their flo w e rin g tr e e s an d b illo w in g b o x ­ woods at the front door, a re a trium ph of calcu lated inform ality, and every­ thing outside the vast federal p alaces is m ore orderly than the p o litics in­ side. 
Sort out staff 

The se cre tary of the interior has still been try in g to sort out his sta ff this w eek, but the m agn olia a re in order and in bloom in his park outside. 
All this E a ste r W eek, dem on strators for h a n d ica p p e d c itiz e n s h ave been occupying the H ealth, Education and 
W elfare building, and shouting for S e­ cretary Jo e C alifano to sign their equal righ ts p roclam ations or resign . 
Bul outside, new turf is being laid on the M all w ider than se v e ra l football field s, and a cro ss the M all, and down the street, new artistic m u seu m s and p ark s are takin g their p laces along the lateral stre e ts from the C apitol to the 
Lincoln M em orial. 
City symbol 

No m atter how m uch the politicians, even Jim m y C arter, have denounced 
W ashington, th is city re m ain s at the center, and still looks like a sym bol of our national hopes. 
The high school kids arriv e in long lines of b u ses d u rin g sp rin g vacation 
— financed by Coke and hotdog sa le s at football g a m e s back hom e — and stare a t th e s t a t u e s of p a s t h e ro e s an d sco u n d rels in the C apitol, and at the m onum ents to the gian ts of our 'his­ tory. 
The world m u st be confused by our arch itectural values in W ashington. 

There is a m onum ent to Sen. Robert 
A. T aft of Ohio, ringing its bells on the hour in the shadow on the Capitol, an island m onum ent to Teddy Roosevelt on the P otom ac R iver, but no visible m onum ent to Franklin Roosevelt, and nothing for poor H arry T ru m an , the hero of our contem porary politicians. 
Johnson park 

T h e r e is , a c r o s s th e P o to m a c between the Lincoln M em orial and the 
Pentagon, a little park on both sid es of the road to N ational A irport, for P re­ siden t Lyndon Joh n son and his Lady 
B ird , but you have to slow down to see it, and i f s a little out of place. 

Lyndon Johnson, on the b asis of his re c o r d , ou gh t to be up so m ew h e re close to C apitol Hill. T h is w as his na­ tural house. 

And Lady Bird Joh n so n ’s m em orial ought to be downtown, for she w as not only the w isest and m ost patient F irst 
Lady of the land since World W ar II, but the p rim ary source of all this new and sp ectacu lar beauty in W ashington today. 
B e c a u se of h er e ffo r ts , th is y e a r alone 615,ooo tulip b u lb s, 125,ooo an ­ n u al flo w e rin g p la n t s , an d 27,ooo m u m s have been p lan ted in the D is­ trict and alon g the fed eral highw ays into W ashington from M arylan d and 
V irginia. You have to travel these highw ays and look at the little flower­ ing p ark s to understand what she b a s done. 
Melody gains 

What m ay be m ore im portant is that in the last few y ears, private fam ilies in W ashington, V irginia and M aryland have begun to pick up the m elody and plan t th eir own flow ers, sh ru b s and flow ering trees, so that in this E a ste r 
W eek, this whole com m unity is ablaze with color. 

It is not only Jim m y C arter’s front and back yard that are beautiful. 

There are 1,579 C arters in this com ­ m unity, 522 in the D istrict of Colum ­ bia, 489 in V irginia, and 568 in M ary­ land. 

A nd you sh o u ld s e e E liz a b e th 
C a r te r ’s g a rd en on a ston y slop e on 
P orter Street in the D istrict — full of m o ss, fern, and flow ering trees. 

Th e life of W ashington go es on. It k eeps grow ing and ch anging in its own crazy political w ay, but every year, in the s p e c ta c u la r P o to m a c sp rin g , it trie s to rem em b er not to get too fur aw ay from the natural world. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 9 1977 

W R IN K L E S can be beautiful, sa y s Joe Di G iacom o. 
M orocco’s aid to Zaire seems okay to U.S. 

COM PILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
The United States appeared to give tacit approval Friday to Morocco’s decision to send troops to help Zaire repel an invasion by Katangan exiles from Angola. 
A State D epartm ent spokesman. nodding ( arter III, said the U.S. had no advance word on the move and it had not received a request from Mor­ occo for permission to use American- made military equipment in Zaire. 
Such a request is required under terms of U.S. military assistance programs. 

Morocco has been receiving increas­ ing amounts of U.S. military aid and is one of Washington’s closest friends in the third world. 

Carter denied the administration has encouraged either Morocco or Egypt to intervene militarily in Zaire but drew a clear distinction between assistance furnished by other African countries and that supplied by non-African na­ tions such as Russia, China or Cuba. 
Russia blasts 
China on Zaire 

MOSCOW — The Soviet Union ac­ cused China of interfering in Zaire’s affairs — charging Peking is support­ ing Angolan terrorist bands operating from Zaire against Angola. 

Tass news agency said China, in 
1975-76. had trained and equipped armed bands of the Angolan National 
Liberation Front, now ostensibly fighting against Angolan government troops. 

Zaire announced earlier in the week th a t China is flying 3o tons of emergency military supplies to Zaire. 
Soviets, Cubans agree on aid 

MOSCOW — The Soviet Union and 
Cuba have pledged further Communist support for g u e rrilla m ovem ents abroad as Cuban President Fidel Cas­ tro ended a four-day visit to Moscow. 

Castro’s departure for home coin­ cided with that of another visitor, 
Vasir Arafat of the Palestine Libera­ tion Organization, who had been here since Monday. 

While both sides promised their support “ for the peoples of Asia, Afri­ ca and Latin America that are strug­ gling against im p e ria lism ,’’ they avoided spelling out a course of action. 

Christian unity seen in 2o years 

LONDON — (Tiara Lubich of Italy, honored this week as the winner of the 
1977 Templeton Prize for Progress in 
Religion, says Mio is optimistic about prospects for Christian unity — per­ haps in IO to 2o years. 
Miss Lubich, founder of the Chris­ tian activist Pocola re movement, pre­ dicted unity would come within that tim e at least among some of the churches “ because of the many recent steps made after centuries of indiffer­ ence.” 
“ And then through that unity we shall attract others,” she said. 
Three are nailed lo M ood crosses 
MANILA — Three Filipinos were nailed to wooden crosses, churches assumed a look of gloom and bars and movie houses closed as the Catholic 
Philippines commemorated the death of Christ nearly 2,ooo years ago. 
In nearby Angeles City, several men submitted themselves to flogging in the streets until their backs bled in acts of penitence. 
President F erdinand M arcos o r­ dered lifting of the martial law mid­ night curfew for three nights in obser­ vance of the close of the Lenten week. 
In San Perdu, a shrieking crowd of thousands watched as two men had themselves nailed to wooden crosses. 
Britain checking on oil com panies 

LONDON — The British government is setting up a commission of inquiry to determine if Shell and British Pe­ troleum oil companies have defiM 
United 
Nations san ctio n s and maintained links with Rhodesia. 
Both companies and the Dutch go­ vernment have l>een informed of the probe, it was announced. 
The government’s decision follows publication a month ago of a document accusing Shell and BP of using their 
South African subsidiaries to beat sanctions against Rhodesia. 
Form er Chinese 
Irish policem en official defended m achine-gunned 

BELFAST, Northern Ireland — A machine-gun ambush killed two po­ licemen and seriously wounded a third north of Belfast. 

The attackers, thought by police to be provisional Irish Republican Army members, opened fire from behind bushes. Two vehicles were hit. In seven years of civil strife, 1o9 Royal 
Ulster Constabulary have been killed, nine of them this year. 
Color TV dispute hits serious snag 

TOKYO — .Japanese and American negotiators have failed to reach agree­ ment on restraints to limit Japanese color television exports to the United 
States and talks were temporarily adjourned amid indications of sudden serious difficulties. 

Although President Carter’s person­ al envoy to the talks, Robert Strauss, said the talks set the stage for quick resolution of the problem , other sources painted a far grimmer picture. 
They said the talks were stalled in a number of areas, including the form of any agreement, the ceiling figure for 
Japanese exports to the U. S., and even over a definition of exactly what con­ stitutes a finished color TV set. Strauss left Tokyo for the United States. 

Gray Panther chief says wrinkles can be beautiful 

PEKING — The People’s Daily has published an article defending Teng 
Hsiao-ping and his economic policy. 
The Communist Party newspaper did not mention the name of the former vice premier, now in the process of being rehabilitated. But it quoted a remark by Teng, who was denounced last spring for his recommendations on reforming industry regulations. The paper said “ terrible charges” had been brought against him at the time. 
Siam ese twins die in H ong K ong 

HONG KONG — This city’s Siamese tw ins have died after living three years and seven months — reputedly the longest surviving Siamese twins in the world. 
Cause of death was not specified. 
The twins were joined at the heart and doctors said they could not be separ­ ated. Their parents were a young 
Chinese couple. 

G reek hom osexuals seek legal status 

ATHENS — Greek hom osexuals have pleaded in leaflets distributed throughout Athens for the right to behave as they wish. 
« The anonymous tract called for legal status of homosexuals and an end to discrimination against them. 

You think wrinkles are ugly? 
Do you think anyone over 65 is hope­ lessly over the hill and should retire? 
Well, if you answer “yes” to either statement, don’t do it in the presence of Joe Di Giacomo (pronounced Di 
Jock e mo). 
He’s likely to accuse you of stereo­ typing the old. And, his quiet nobility is likely to make you feel guilty for such transgressions. 
One of the founders of the local Gray 
Panthers, Di Giacomo doesn’t think those generalizations — or many others about the old — hold water. 
Old, he says, can be beautiful. “ If you’ve looked in old faces, you can see great beauty. Artists often use old faces as subjects,” explains Di Giaco­ mo. 
Calm assurance 
At 66, Di Giacomo is trim , g ra y ­ haired. And, he has a few wrinkles. He carries himself with a calm assurance that could be a leftover from his days as a lieutenant colonel in the Army. 
The same assurance is there when he presides over Gray Panther meetings. 
No matter what anyone says he accepts it graciously. But, he also keeps busi­ ness moving. 
Di G iacom o’s talk ing about the idiocy of mandatory retirement at 65. 
“ The old can be very, very produc­ tiv e ,” he says. “ P icasso was still painting at 9o.” 
He also says A m erica’s youth-or­ iented culture makes the old try to be something they’re not — young. 
“ People o to any expense to try to look young. Reaching out for youth is something placed on people by society. 
Wrinkles can be beautiful.” 
Politically active 
Sound radical? Well, Di Giacomo’s group is radical to some. The Gray 
Punters — a national organization —■ has been politically active in trying to improve living conditions for the el­ derly. 
W orking with m e m b e rs of the 
( handler Center and Ram parts, Di 
Giacomo organized the Gray Panther coalition of young and old people — this spring. 
Di Giacomo, already a member of several senior citizens groups, got involved in the Gray Panthers because he said he wanted to see changes. 
“ I saw a need for a group that acti­ vely agitates, that’s not afraid to rock the boat.” 
Di Giacomo has started rocking that boat. The Gray Panthers are challeng­ ing the city’s proposal to cut revenue sharing funds from a Homemakers 
Home Aid Program that services poor senior citizens. 
Will hit problems 
“ We’ll hit problems as we see them arise,” explains Di Giacomo. 
Di Giacomo says the Gray Panthers will draw a lot of interest from local 
Burglars hit 2 

 police stations 

DRUMMOND VILLE, Canada (AP) 
— Burglars took advantage of a strike by Quebec’s provincial policemen to break into two police stations and steal firearms and walkie-talkies Friday, officials said. 
Some 4,2oo officers have been on strike since Wednesday, demanding all one-man car patrols be replaced with two-man patrols for reasons of safety. 
Their action followed the slaying of a constable last week. 
Quebec’s provincial police operate in rural, unincorporated areas. T heir strike has not affected the province’s towns and cities, which have their own municipal police forces. 
Tris sleepw ear 

 recall is asked 

WASHINGTON (AP) - A federal court was urged Friday to order an im m ediate recall of m illio ns of children’s sleepwear garments treated with Tris, a flame-retardent chemical that has been linked to cancer. 
The legal action by the E n v iro n ­ mental Defense Fund came a day after the Consumer Product Safety Com­ mission banned further production and sale of children's sleepwear containing 
Tris. 

'Heachiiiu; out for youth is so m eth in g placed oil people bv society* 

 citizens. “ Older people vote,” he says. 
“ T h ere’s a lot of political strength there to get things done.” 
Di Giacomo e stim a te s there are 
1oo,ooo people over 65 in Bexar County. 
“ Within the next five months, you’re going to see a very active group,” he guarantees. 
“ Americans think youth and early m iddle age are really the only worthwhile times to live — whereas older middle age and old age can be some of the most beautiful times.” 

By that stage, Di Giacomo says peo­ ple have often attained wisdom and perspective about lift*. 
“ Inwardly they can feel a g re a t peace. They’re retired and they can do what they want.” 
Is that true for him? 
“ I feel freer than I ever felt. 
Position of freedom 
“ AU my working years — the things 
I did I always had to ask myself what my employer would think. 
“ When you retire, you reach this position of freedom — when people antagonize you, you can tell them to go to II— . It’s a wonderful liberating feeling. 
But, those feelings aren’t allowed to flower in most old people, he says. 
Many of the American elderly are 

Y IG A L A LLO N , left, fore ign m inister, and Shim on Peres, de fe nse m inister, are k e y rivals to fill position vacate d b y Y itzh ak Rabin. 
Rabin’s m oney violation not m ajor issue 

TEL AVIV, Israel (AP) - How could 
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin be toppled over an alleged $21,ooo cur­ rency violation which one legal expert said was “ equivalent to a tra ffic offense” ? 
The charge — that Rabin and his wife kept bank accounts in the United 
States in violation of Israeli law — was enough to end Rabin’s career because of other factors on the Israeli political scene: 
•National elections are just 4o days away, and Rabin’s ruling Labor party has been losing popularity steadily following a wave of scandals, 38 per cent inflation and labor unrest. It could not afford a new scandal at the top. 
• Rabin, who barely managed to re­ tain party leadership alter a strong challenge from D efense M inister 
Shimon Peres last February, could not afford an election while there was a chance he and his wife might go to jail. 
Faces prosecution 
Legal sources say Mrs. Rabin is al­ most certain to be prosecuted for the accounts, which it is claimed she managed although they were held jointly with her husband. Rabin him­ self may also face prosecution, but experts say that is less likely. 
The prime minister also lost much of the sympathy he won when the story of the account first appeared last month in the Israeli press. Mrs. Rabin, ad­ mitted having one account with about 
$2,ooo which she said was used to set- 
Texan on rowboat voyage to England 

WRIGHTSVILLE BEACH, N C. 
(AP) — A 25-year-old Texan, inside a sealed rowboat where he expects to spend the next two to six months, set off Friday for England despite a Coast 
Guard warning that the vessel was 
“ marginally unsafe.” 
Steve 
Kurachi of 
Austin, 
Tex. launched his rowboat from the Atlantic 
Marina about 1o:3o a.m. Friday, and a local fleet of IO boats escorted him past jetties and a shoal to the A tlantic 
Ocean. 
But Kurachi had already cleared his first danger point when Coast Guard 
Admiral Julian Johansen of the dis­ trict office in Portsmith, Va., decided against prohibiting the voyage. 
Reviews report 
“ If we determine an intended voyage is manifestly unsafe, we could prohibit it,” a Coast Guard spokesman said. 
But after reviewing a report from a two-day investigation of K u ra c h i’s equipment, Johansen ruled that the voyage was not “ manifestly unsafe.” 
“ It is so marginally unsafe, how­ ever, that none of us would undertake it ourselves,” said Coast Guard Com­ 

 mander Chris Holland of Portsmith. 
Va. 
Equipped w ith a 17-foot rowboat w ith a sealed cabin to protect him from the elements during his planned two-to six-month voyage. Kurachi paddled out to catch the Gulf Stream about 6o miles off the North Carolina coast. Holland said. Kurachi has chosen several cur­ rents that “ will do most of the work” for him. the commander said. 
The Coast Guard sent a boat out to deliver a letter to Kurachi at sea, a last-minute effort to discourage him. 
Advice unheeded 
“ While the Coast Guard does not consider your vessel and equipment so grossly unsuitable for the voyage to intervene to prohibit it under the law . we continue to strongly discourage it,” the letter read. The missive also urged 
Kurachi to take along an electronic radio-beacon device that could help search units locate him if necessary, advice Kurachi chose not to heed. 
Kurachi spent three years building the fiberglass and plywood boat that he hopes will help make him first Amer­ ican to reach England by oar power. 

 tied bills after they left Washington in 
1973. 
Rabin publicly apologized. But later the treasury claimed the Rabins kept two accounts involving $21,oo(1. four times the average Israeli salary and well above the $5,ooo limit at which the offender faces criminal prosecution. 
No sympathy 
“They could not get this sympathy back now,” said one Israeli observer. 
The Treasury first recommended an administrative fine of about $16,ooo. but Atty. Gen. Aharon Barak insisted that the case be turned over to the state prosecutor. 
One legal expert said that if a fine had been imposed, the governm ent 
“ would have had to set new policy guidelines immediately, or it would have had to admit that some people are more equal than others before the law.” 
Israel's strict foreign accounts law is designed to meet the c o un try’s de- sperate need for foreign currency.____ 

 swamped in the day lo day wretched details of hunger, health and housing. 
And many American old people are left alone to deal with those problems and to die. Society doesn’t like death. 
“ Society tre a ts death like p o rn o ­ graphy. It tries to keep it out of sight,” says Di Giacomo. 
But, he says most old people accept death. 
“ I f s so m e th in g th a t ’s in my thoughts daily. It will be the last na­ tural act of my life. 
“ As you get older, you realize the time is closer to death.” he says. “ But, it can be a plus. It makes you enjoy each day more.” 
Are you saying it adds some kind of sweetness to each day? 
“ Yes,” says Di Giamono. “ Yes, it does.” 
Israeli turmoil no peace deterrent 

A SSO C IA T E D PRESS 
WASHINGTON - The State 
Department said Friday it does not expect the political turmoil in Israel to affect the pace of negotiations for a comprehen­ sive Middle East settlement. 
D epartm ent spokesm an R odding 
Carter said the United States does not expect the search for peace “ to be in­ terru pted by the w orking of the democratic process in Israel." 
N 
Carter had no comment on the re­ signation of Israeli P rim e Minister 
Yitzhak Rabin but said he fully expects that friendly relations will continue lo exist between the United States and 
Israel. 
( arter spoke to reporters after an hour-long meeting between Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance and Israeli 
Ambassador Simcha Dinitz. 
Echoing the State D e p a rtm e n t’s sentiments, Dinitz told reporters that 
Israel is prepared to pursue a peace settlement without delay despite the political situation. 
29 years 
“ Israel has been ready for the peace process for 29 years — and we never were in the past and will not be in the future the party that will delay this coveted goal,” Dinitz said. 
He said there is a “ national consen­ sus” in Israel to advance the peace process in the Middle East. Dinitz also was questioned about whether there was any change in Egyptian policy re­ lief ted in the statement here earlier this week by Egyptian President An­ war Sadat that his long-range goal is normalization of relations with Israel. 
No change 

Dmitz replied that he saw no change in the Egyptian position in that Sadat specifically ruled out diplomatic rela­ tions and cultural exchanges within his definition of normal relations. 
He said the question of military aid to Egypt arose in ins m eeting with 
Vance and said that the secretary told him that the United States has made 
“ no decisions and no commitments on this issue.” 
Rabin announced his resignation late 
Thursday after disclosure that his w ife left $21,ooo in two illegal bank accounts in the United States instead of the 
$2,ooo she had admitted. 
Three for $169. 

Wall units priced unbelievably right. Complete throe unit group as shown is S169 Each ready to assemble unit is 12" deep. 3o wide 72" high, and may be purchased separately. 
Sixteen inch depth, extra shelves and another model ottered at slightly higher prices 
Vinyl clad finishes are white, chocolate brown, walnut, light or dark butcher block Fin­ ished natural elm veneer wood units are also available Master Charge. BankAmencard or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341 -2281. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 
V IS IT O R S 

Continued from Page I V from other tourists. 
When the Lackland band played the 
“ Star Spangled Banner.” a few of the 
Alsatians sang the B'nglish parts they knew. 
Applause greeted Madame la Mayor 
Lila Cockrell when she arrived to wel­ come the Alsatians. Madame la Mayor also made Roger Struss, deputy mayor of Colmar. Alsace, an honorary of the city. 
Gilbert Hadoy, French cultural af­ fairs officer from Strausberg, trans­ lated the mayor’s comments for the, 
Alsatians. Hadey was also made an honorary mayor. 
TAXES 
Continued from Page IA goods on credit and deduct the interest stand to save $2.3 billion this year and 
$3.9 billion by 1982, the report esti­ mated. 
It said the tax-free treatment of benefits and allowances to military service personnel is worth $1.1 billion to them this year and would go to $1.7 billion in 1982. 
Another big break some individuals get is in the special treatment of capi­ tal gains, generally taxed at half the rate of other income. CBG estimated this provision to be worth $7 billion in 
1977 and $9.5 billion in 1982. 
On the business side, a big 1977 item was $8.6 billion for the investment credit. The report said this could de­ cline to $7.4 billion in 1982 if a tem­ porary increase were allowed to expire. 
Congress has practically abolished the oil depletion allowance, but re­ maining mineral depletion provisions were estimated at $1 billion in 1977, 
$1.4 billion in 1982. 

The Alsatians reacted to the mayor's comments with “ oohs” and warm smiles. The mayor returned the favor. 
"Etle est tres belle et charmante,” one Alsatian murmured. Several others nearby nodded agreement to his assessment of the mayor’s beauty and charm. 
The group was then guided through the Alamo by members of the 
Daughters of the Republic of Texas, who mustered long-unused French to describe the Alamo’s history. 
The DRTs then provided coffee and bunuelos for the Alsatians in the Ala­ mo garderns. 
Several of the visitors didn’t quite know what to do with the flat, crispy 
Mexican pastry at first. 
After cautious experimentation, one woman exclaimed, “ Cest bon, c’est delicieux!” Relieved it was good and delicious, others readily began tasting them. 
The visiting Alsatians enjoyed a quiet moment of talk between them­ selves and their hosts, the calmness of the garden. 
Tour 
They moved on for their tour of San 
Antonio, which included a visit to the 
Institute of Texan Cultures, the Hall of 
Texas History, lunch at the Lone Star 
Pavilion, the San Jose Mission, the 
Lone Star Brewery and dinner at the 
Little Red Barn Steakhouse Friday. 
Saturday, the Alsatians will visit a 
Bandera dude ranch, shop at a North 
Side mall, have dinner aboard barges on the San Antonin River and attend a dance in New Braunfels. 
The visitors will attend church in 
Castroville Sunday, as well as an open house and dance. 
Monday they will visit Piedras Ne- gras, Mex., and will rest in San An­ tonio Tuesday before leaving for home. orris! 

Four-year-old Bruce Porter of Sacramento, Calif., decided to stick his finger into a hole in a drain plate at the Jedediah Smith 
School. Unfortunately, he couldn’t get it back out again and neither could firemen. So Bruce was taken to Sacramento 
Medical Center where a doctor soon freed him. — AP 
Wirephoto 

Hill rules ' 
Bell must follow rate ruling 

AUSTIN 
(AP) - Atty. Gen. 
John Hill said in a brief filed Friday that it would be against the public in­ terest for an Austin judge to allow 
Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. to impose — even temporarily — rates rejected by the public utility commis­ sion. 
Bell has asked State District Court 
Judge James Meyers of Austin to stay the commission order setting tele­ phone rates pending the final outcome of its appeal. 
Hill’s brief said this would enable 
Bell to collect $173.7 million per year more than the $57.8 million revenue increase allowed by the commission. 
“ The public interest would be poorly served by the grant of a stay in this cause. Southwestern Bell had an op­ portunity to present its case in full to the commission. . . .The issue the company is actually bringing before the court is its desire for even more profits,” Hill said. 
He said the commission had found 
Bell was entitled to an 8.37 per cent return on $3.4 billion adjusted value of invested capital. 
“ The commission has determined that is a fair rate and stands ready to defend it against any customer chal­ lenge,” Hill's brief said. 
Ile also defended the commission’s decision to give the original cost of 
Bell’s total Texas plan a 69.4 per cent weight and its current replacement cost a 3o.6 per cent weight. It could have weighted original cost as high as 
75 per cent or as low as 6o per cent 
•under state law. 

 one week only! 

 select King Koil bedding in two 

 firmnesses at two special bargain prices! 

Dillard’s 

 save 11.95 to 85.95! 

Anniversary firm 

 save 21.95 to 1o5.95! 

Luxury firm 
$68 
$88 

Twin or Full, 

 each piece 

 reg. 79.95, 99.95 

Twin or Full, 

 each piece 

 reg. 99.95, 119.95 ea. pc. 

Queen or King 

 each piece 

 reg. 249.95, 349.95 set 

Queen or King 

 each piece 

 reg. 299.95, 399.95 

Delightful sleeping on King Koil's deep quilted mattress and box spring! Mat­ tress features a firm innerspring and matching box spring provides correct foundation for overall body support. 

Furniture 

* Queen and king sizes 

 sold in sets only 

*78 
*98 

King Koil's firmer mattress that's deep quilted for luxurious sleeping comfort ... 
Mattress with a firm innerspring unit for good body support pius box spring provides a superb foundation! 

Furniture 

* Queen and king sizes 

 sold in sets only 

DILLARD'S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY FROM IO A.M. 'TIL 9 P.M.: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

VETERANS w anting to have their discharges upgraded to h onorable status go through this b a tte ry of teleph on e o p erato rs in O v e rla n d , M o, 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 

O VERLA N D , Mo. (A P ) - Viet- nam-era veterans who received less than honorable discharges — indluding deserters — are swamping the government’s Joint Liaison Office here with more than 3,ooo telephone calls a day seeking to have discharges up­ graded to honorable status. 
“ At first we thought we would be able to handle about 5,ooo a day,” said 
Brig. Gen. Robert S. Young, com ­ mander of the M ilitary Personnel 
Records Center here. “ But it appears now that each telephone interview is taking longer than we expected and our limit is probably between 3,ooo and 
4.ooo.” 
Crush 

To handle the crush which began when the program was announced early this week. the center hired en­ ough personnel to man 5o telephones for a 13-hour day. The workers, mostly young men and women, sit in small. 

 cubicles in the basement of the two- block-long records center. 
All 5o phones are constantly busy and callers, who can telephone toll- free, are kept on hold until a phone is free. 
"It has really gone smoothly so far." said Maj. Donal E. Meynig. manager of the project. “ We had just two weeks to get ready for it, but we can't com­ plain about the way ifs running." 
But Meynig says not all ol the callers are veterans who want their dis­ charges upgraded. 
"We get some calls each day from veterans who have received honorable discharges and who believe that the program is unfair to them." 
And while the official line is one of understanding and cooperation, there is an undertone of bitterness among some of the workers. 
"No, I don't like it." said one civilian worker. " I lost a son in Vietnam and 
I'm against this program I just can’t 

 express my feelings around here." 
After the initial call, applicants are advised by mail that they may submit additional data within 3o days for con­ sideration. 
The program, initiated by President 
Carter to fulfill campaign promises, applies to persons who served in the armed forces from Aug. 4. 1984, to 
March 28. 1973. Bad conduct d is­ charges and dishonorable discharges, which reflect courtmartial convictions, are not considered for review , but general, undesirable and clemency discharges may be upgraded, depend­ ing on the circumstances. 
The office’s toll-free number in the continental United States, other than 
Missouri, is SIMI 325-4o4o. Persons in 
Missouri, Alaska. Hawaii and Puerto 
Rico can call collect to 314 428-35oo. 
Mail applications are to be sent to: 
Join t Liaison Office Attn: Army- 
Navv-USMC-Air Force Liaison Team, 
USAR-PAC, St. Louis, Mo., 83132. 
Dillard's 

 for women only! super pre-Easter savings on very special fashions! 

SALE 
'N, poly seersucker 

3-pc. pantsuits 
14.99 
/ 

Com p. at $26-28. Find summer 

 com fort in polyester/knit pant­ 

 suits with matching shell; shirt 

 or w rap styles in blue, pink, 

 green or yellow. Sizes 8-18. 

Dresses 

 save $6 to $ 13! junior coordinates 

O rig. $17 to $4o, now 1o.99 to 26.49. Save 

 on blazers, vests, shirts, ? iris, pants, gauchos 

 and sweaters in vanilla or blue polyester 

 gabardine coordinates or red, white and navy 

 linen-look group. Sizes 5-13, S-M-L. 

Junior Sportswear 

 fantastic savings! 

I & 2-pc. dresses 
19.99 

Polyester/cotton blends and 

 knits in spring 

 colors... 

 orig. $26-6o, 

 sizes 8-2o, 

 not all sizes 

 and styles at 

 all stores. 

Dresses 

 great value! junior 

 and misses' gaucho sets 

 special! 12.99 

Misses' gaucho and vest sets of poly­ 

 ester gabardine ... red, navy, black 

 or brown, sizes 8-18. Junior gaucho 

 sets, polyester cotton in assorted solid 

 colors. Sizes 5-13. 

Jr. and Misses' 
Sportswear 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO 'TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 9 I 9 77 _____ Page I I -A 
Discharge upgrading inquiries flood center 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 

Handy ^ Andy 
HANDY ANDY 

WHOLE KERNEL OR CREAM STYLE 
GOLDEN 
CO: SN 

ASS’T. FLAVORS 
BORDENS 
ICE 
CREAM 
HALF GAL. CTN. 
17-OZ. CAN 

HANDY ANDY ASS’T. FLAVORS 
REGULAR OR DIET 

12-O Z. CAN 
SODA 
W A 

 a 

WE WILL BE CLOSED EASTER SUNDAY” 
IHG ATURDAY 
■ ■ 

AD EFFECTIVE SAT., APR. 9, 1977 
SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 
RIGHTS RESERVED TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 

SWIFT’S ALL AMERICAN 
FULLY COOKED 

HAMS 

FRESH U.S. NO. I 
RED RIPE 
STRAWBERRIES 

CLUB STYLE 
2 '/j TO S'A LB. AVG. 
1169 

WATER p l 
ADDED 
LB. ■ 

SWEET 
AND JUICY 

PINT 

FRESH LEAN 
GROUND BEEF 

LOUISIANA U.S. » I GOLDEN 
SWEET POTATOES - 

® Andy 

HANDY ANDY REG. OR DIP 
POTATO 
CHIPS 
69* SIZE BAG 

 llandy @ Andy 

6 PACK 12-O Z . CANS 
COORS 
BEER 

Cube Ice • ••• 1o1b , bag 

SCHLITZ OR 
Budweiser 6 / 1 2-OZ. CANS 
CASE 24 BOTTLES PLUS DEPOSIT 
FALSTAFF............ *3” 

Handy @ Andy 

KINGSFORD 
CHARCOAL 
BRIQUETS 
IO LB. BAG 

WIZARD 64-O Z. CAN 
Charcoal Lighter 
$1 ss 

7-INCH 2 LAYER 
^ ■ 
A Q 
CARROT CAKE J* I 
:W y : t j | ....^ ___________ 
^ . ^ 
" BIRDSEYE COOL W HIP 9-O Z. B O W L .......................6 5 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 9 1977 
Page 
I -B 
5 o YEARS EATER THEY STILL REMEMBER: 
The night Rocksprings blew away 

The day was Tuesday, 
April 12, 1927. 
No one living in Rocksprings on that day ever forgot it. 
As Pearl Harbor marks all time for people of the nation, so does the night the tornado struck mark all time for 
Rocksprings. 
April 12, 1977, will be the 5oth anni­ versary of the Rocksprings tornado. It, too, will lie a Tuesday.. 
In all Texas history, only two torna­ dos have rivaled that in Rocksprings. 
A bad tornado hit the historic town of 
Goliad May 18,19o2. Waco was hit May ll, 1953. in Goliad and in Waco, the death toll was finally set at 114. 
Deaths 
It is believed 78 or 79 people were killed outright or died within a few days in the Rocksprings tornado. But people badly injured died weeks, months and even a year or two later. 
One Rocksprings historian believes the actual toll might be close to IOO. 
Making the Rocksprings tornado such a searing tragedy is that 
Rocksprings was such a small town. It had a population of 8oo or 9oo. 
That m eans that as many as one person out of every IO in Rocksprings died. 
If a proportionate disaster hit San 
Antonio today, it would mean 8o,ooo deaths. 
Bonnie and I spent a day in 
Rocksprings talking to people who survived the tornado — on the scene, even in the buildings in which some of them were when the disaster struck. 
A particularly moving moment was when we visited the cemetery where most of those who died that night are buried. 
Then the next day we went to Junc­ tion and Mason to talk with other sur­ vivors. 

Weekend 
V isit 

 n y 
G e o r g e VmrmmvU 

Photo* by 
Roan Ie ( arntaek 

At Rocksprings we talked with Mr. and Mrs. Claud Gilmer. Mrs. Dudley 
Edwards and Mrs. Bryan Babb. In 
Junction we interviewed Mrs. Walker 
Ragsdale and Elvie Moore. Then in 
Mason we talked with Joe Ragsdale. 
What follows is their recollection of that night. Many of their experiences dealt with the same episodes and we have eliminated duplications. 
★ -k * 

Claud Gilmer is a name long known across Texas. 
He was once speaker of the Texas 
House of Representatives. He is the 
“ Gilmer” of the Gilmer-Aikin Bill that revolutionized Texas public school education 3o years ago. 
He was the young county judge of 
Edwards County when the tornado hit. 
Bonnie and I first talked with Gilmer and Mrs. Gilmer at the busy Gilmer law office on the town square. 
Then we went with the Gilmers to their nearby home — remodeled but 

 re­ show didn’t go on 

 lf the Rocksprings tornado had struck an hour later, the death toll likely would have been even higher. 

The school was putting on an en­ tertainment that night. Mrs. Dudley 
Edwards believes it was the annual senior play. The auditorium proba­ bly would have been filled. 

The entertainment was slated for 
8 p.m. but the tornado hit shortly 

 before 7 p. rn. 

The auditorium area of the second floor of the school was simply blown away. Those who saw the damage to the school think most of the people in it would have been killed. 

“ I had laid out Claud’s suit for him to wear to the entertainment,” 
Mrs. Claud Gilmer said. “Later we found it more than a block from our house.” 

 the same borne in which they were living when the tornado struck. 
“Commissioners Court met late that day and it was almost dark as I walked home,” Gilmer said. “ The wind had been blowing hard all day right out of the east. When I walked home, it was so strong that I had to put my hands up in front of my face to keep out the tiny rocks and grit. 
“ A black cloud had been building up in the north and west — one of the blackest I ever saw. I thought we might get hail out of it — but I never thought of anything else.” 
The Gilmers ate and Mrs. Gilmer sat down in a rocking chair in front of the fireplace with her baby daughter, 
Norma Jean, on her lap. 
“Then something happened that was unbelievable,” Gilmer said. “ Huge, jagged pieces of ice started falling. 
They must have weighed IO or 12 pounds. 
“ I turned on the porch light just as one shattered right outside the front door. 
House hit 
“ Then one came through the roof, then the ceiling and crashed on the bedroom floor. 
“Later we opened a closet door and there on the floor was another that also had come through the roof and ceiling. 
“ Suddenly the wind from the east just stopped and there was an eerie, dead calm. By this time every light in town had been knocked out — power gone — and it was pitch black. 
“ I felt as I did years later when in that big room deep in the Carlsbad 
Caverns they shut off the lights. 
“ In a second I heard a roar coming out of the west — a little north of west 
— I’ll never forget that roar. 
“ I pushed Georgia and our daughter away from in front of the fireplace and hard up against a wall. We put the little girl on the woodbox and then both of us leaned over her. 
“ By this time there was a terrible lightning storm — one crash after an­ other. 
“ I was looking out the west window and in one flash of lightning I saw the 
Methodist church and parsonage still standing. 
“ On the next flash they were gone. 
Both the minister and his wife were killed. 
“ About this time all the bricks in our chimney crashed into the room and the roof went.” 
Here Mrs. Gilmer took up the story. 
“ About this time the baby screamed. 
Glass was flying and we were a little 

* ' 'of * VfMPf 

*. - r p - * 1 y-----...^ 
_ 
_ 
THIS W A S Rocksprings after the tornado. The tw isted w reckage in the backgroun d w a s the to w n ’s w ate r tow er. An e yew itn ess reported that the torn ado “tw isted the steel supports of the w ate r tank like they w ere wires. 
A num ber of injured are believed to h ave drow ned when the w ate r tank plu nged to the ground, split open and a w all of w ate r cam e rushing dow n the street. N ote the 192 7 Ford pickup in the foreground. 

 i t 
Save 61% 

Mostly cotton” dress shirts 

Dress him up for Easter with one of 
Wards finest dress shirts. Everything you would expect from a feel-fresh shirt, ex­ cept wrinkles. Finely tailored of 6o% com­ bed cotton, 4o% polyester for easy care. 
Rich tones; long sleeves. Men’s sizes 14M>- 
17. Hurry today for best color selection. 

REGULARLY $1o 

46-5o% off 
Men’s assorted neckties 
Choose from many colorful patterns and designs. 
Buy several today! 
I 
8 8 

REG. 3.5o-4.5o 

Save Vz 
Men’s assorted knit slacks 

Great for dress or casual wear. Pol­ yester knit, ma­ chine wash. Most sizes. 
5o to 
REG. $13-$18 
6 
5 o .o * 9 

FASHIONS DONT WAIT LONG— WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT CAN HELP YOU ENJOY THE FASHIONS YOU WANT NOW 

Fashion finds? Found! Come see. 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
1H 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southerns* 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

Famous KitchenAid 
Efficient 
4-way Hydro Sweep 
KitchenAid 
Wash. 
Flo-Thru drying. 

Terms 

Service 

D elivery 

Exclusive 
KitchenAid- built 1/2 hp motor with 
5-year limited parts warranty. 

TV & APPLIANCE 

Exclusive TriDura porcelain enamel interiors. 

33o5 WEST AVE. 
3 41-1411 
5233 W A L Z E M RD. 
6 5 3 - o 8 1 o 

TRADITIONAL 

 were in total darkness. Glass and other objects began hitting us about the face and neck. Later I found I had seven wounds. Something hit a blood vessel on the side of Dudley’s head and he began bleeding badly. 
“ He picked up a wicker basket and put it over my head. 
“ In an instant the walls were gone, the ceiling was gone and we were on the floor. 

F ires 
“ Suddenly the tornado passed. We could see lights and then realized they were fires. Two or three buildings were burning including a cafe on the 
Square.” 
(Others told us the light of the fires 
— which had to burn unchecked — furnished some light for rescue ef­ forts.) 
“ We sat a minute,” Mrs. Edwards said, “ and then headed for a house that was still standing. (Bonnie and I saw this house. It is still a home and is being remodeled now.) 
“ Dud left Iris Jane and me here and headed back for our house. A very fat woman — we knew she would be al­ most helpless — lived in another part of tile house. 
“ She was trapped in the debris and 
Dud and some men and boys lifted a timber that had her caught by a leg. 
“ T here was an odd thing. She thought she had been blinded. But ce­ ment dust and other dirt had been blown against her glasses until it was as hard as concrete. 
Scream s and Cries 
“ We could hear screaming and cry­ ing all around us and Dud set out to help. I was worried about mother and daddy so I set out with the baby for their house. There was debris every­ where. 
“ A neighbor, Mr. Woods, came up. 
He wanted to carry Iris Jane and I later found out why. She was all co­ vered with blood from her fath e r’s head wound and Mr. Woods could not feel her breathe. He thought she was dead and I didn't know it.” 
(A similar incident happened to the 
Gilmers. Little Norma Jean was co­ vered with wet red brick dust from the fallen fireplace. Mrs. Gilmer’s brother and another man were horrified they would have to tell the Gilmers she was dead.) 
“ While I was headed for mother’s.” 
Mrs. Edwards continued, T‘she was headed for our home. But we finally got together and by the light of the lantern mother had, I cleaned Iris Jane up a little. I knew she needed dry clothes. 
“ I recalled that little bundle of 

 clothes that I had c a rrie d home. 
Mother protested that they were cer­ tain to have been blown away. In a dazed sort of way I said — ‘But, 
Mother, I know jus! where I put them.’ 

Nothing left 
“ I got home and there was nothing left but the bare floor. The stove, kit­ chen table, ch airs — all had been. blown away. 
“ The only thing left was that trunk 
— and right on top of the trunk was that bundle of clothes.” 
Mrs. Edwards told one of the most terrible things about the storm. 
“ The steel supports of the w ater 

 tower were twisted and the big tank split as it came to the ground. 
“The water came pouring down the street like a flash flood,” Mrs. E d­ wards said. “ I am sure that a number of the injured lying there helpless in the street were drowned.” 
★ ★ * 

Mrs. Bryan Babb reports on the tor­ nado from an unusual viewpoint. 
She was in Physicians and Surgeons 
Hospital in San Antonio after a major operation. Her husband was in San 
Antonio with her. 
Their two children, Dorothy Leigh, 2, 

★ 
★ 
★ 
No m yth 

The oft-told story of a tornado having such force that it drives straws into wood is no myth. 

“ After the tornado here,’’ Claud Gilmer said, “ I saw straw and weed sterns driven right into telephone poles.” 

★ 
★ 
★ 

SIDEWALK SALE 

WINDCREST SHOPPING CENTER 

(3 blocks east of W indsor M all) 
ALL MERCHANTS 
PARTICIPATING 

DATE: M A Y 7th 
TIME: 1 o — 
6 p.m . 

2 5 o o B r o a d w a y 1 2 1 8 S. W . M ilita ry D rive 
DIAMOND EARRINGS 

1/14 ct.......... *35 

1/1o ct.......... *5o 

1/7 ct............ *6o 

1/6 ct............ *75 

1/5 ct............ *98 

1/4 ct 
*12o 

A sst. S ty le s 

BANKAMERiCARD 

1/3 ct......... *145 
3/8 ct.........*17o 

1/2 ct.........*2oo 

2/3 ct......... *3oo 

3/4 ct......... *36o 

I ct 
*48o 

L a y a w a y N O W 

MASTERCHARGE 
FAMILY BIBLE 

King James Version 

Old and New Testament 

766 Pages - Weighs over 5 lbs. 

Sugg. Retail $ 2 4 .9 5 ^ ^ 
( ^ 
o 

SIDO Less! 

Regency— KDR-67o 

 lf you’re looking for the best for the buck, take a good look at these front-loading portable dishwashers from KitchenAid. 

They offer many of the features of the most expensive KitchenAid portables...yet they sell for up to 

Big blow 

Mrs. Dudley Edwards had a neigh­ bor whose grandson — “a big. fat boy” 
— was living with his grandmother at the time of the tornado. 

“ This boy said the tornado sucked him up in the air and circled him ar­ ound and around and then set him down almost uninjured.” Mrs. Ed­ wards said. 

“ One thing makes it more plausi­ ble,” Mrs. Edwards said. “That family had a big cistern and the tornado sucked all the water up out of it.” 

Easter F lowers 
BLOOMING VARIETIES 

W EBSTER S E N C Y C L O P E D IA OF 
D IC T IO N A R IE S. 
Nearly 
1 5o,ooo entries. 
Beautiful, leather binding, gilt stamped. Prin­ ted in large type of fine paper. O ver 1,ooo illustrations. M ore than 1,25o pages. 

Sugfl. R e * " $ 
£ 
£ 
9 
9 i $ 2 4 .9 5 
WTm 

MEN’S L.E.D. WATCHES 

6 FUNCTION 
• HOUR 
• MINUTE 
• SECOND 
• DATE 
• DAY 
• MONTH 

PURCHASE 

ALL METAL 
CASE AND 
BRACELET 

Not exactly as shown 
SPECIAL 

Built-in reliability 
Another reason dishwasher owners say KitchenAid is the best. 

Deluxe— KDD-67B 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S——Saturday April 9 1977 
Rocksprings: 
Then and now 

M R S. B R Y A N BA BB lo o k s handsome Germ an chocolate pot that w as a “survivor” of the tor­ nado. The stove w as blown from the B ab b hom e. The sink w as sim ply ripped out. But only one teacup w as broken in a china ca binet only a few feet aw ay. This 
I pot w as in the cabinet. 

 at 

4 t t 
(But only: que, teacup, was 

THE 
FINEST 
SELECTION 
OF FLOWERS 
AND PLANTS 
IN TOWN 

, EASTER LILIES 4 to 8 Blooms, or Buds 
.............*5.69 

POTTED MUMS...AII Colors 
......................*3.79 

GLOXINIAS All Colors........................................*5.98 

AZALEAS...Con be planted outside, very full 
* I o.9 5 

KALANCHoE...3 colors, 6” pot, very full 
...........*5.98 

PINK HYDRANGIAS.. .2 Bloom..............................*6.98 

3 Bloom 
...........................................*8.49 

IMPATIIN BASKETS, very full, IO" size 
.............*9.95 

MINIATURE ROSES In Bud or Bloom ................ Each *2.99 

Also, Blooming Geraniums, Begonias, and all kinds of 
Hanging Baskets. 
We gift wrap, if desired, for small extra charge. 
CLOSED EASTER SUNDAY 
MISSION 
NURSERIES 

Northside 
12823 
Nacogdoches 
6 5 5 -8 3 2 3 

2 COMPLETE 
GARDEN CENTERS 
TO SERVE YOU 

SAGRADA BIBLE 

Spanish Catholic Bible many color illustrations 
I 225 pages . . . weighs over 6 lbs. 

Mrs. Dudley Edwards is generally credited with being the principal his­ torian of the storm. 
At th at tim e, she was a young housewife. 
The 
Edwards, had * a 
2-year-old daughter, Iris Jane. 
"The baby and I were down at my father and mother’s home and when I decided to go home that afternoon, they tried to get me not to do so be­ cause the cloud was so b ad,” Mrs. 
Edwards said. 

Went home 
“ Ironically there were only about two storm cellars in town and my father and mother had one of them. 
“ A bundle of Iris Jane's clothes had been washed. I took the little bundle home with me and put it on a trunk in the kitchen. 
“ Dudley cam e home and we ate supper. Because the cloud looked like such a bad hailstorm, Dudley took the car to a nearby garage. The wind got worse and I was afraid he would not make it back. 
“Just after he did. the wind really started to blow. The lightning started. 
ITI never forget the sight of the lightning hitting a wire fence just out­ side our house and running down it. 
“ The lights went out and we lit a kerosene lamp. Suddenly we heard so­ mething banging, banging, banging on the roof. 

Gushy ice 
“ We looked out and big round balls of gushy ice were rolling off the roof. 
Iris Jane began crying out, ‘Mommy, take me! Mommy take m e!’ 
“ Suddenly the wind sucked the glass out of the windows. Dudley and I locked our arm s. around each other with Iris Jane between us. Our little dog got between our feet. 
“ The wind blew»out the lamp and we 

Southside 
2919 
Mission Rd. 
9 2 4 -3 1 8 1 

Continued from Page IB 

\ 

T W O OF T H I survivors of the Rocksprings tornado — Ilvie M oore and 
M rs. W alker Ragsdale — * look at a copy of The San Antonio Express of 
W e dnesday morning, April 13, 1927. The Express did a rem arkable job that night of putting together a story of more than two columns on a tornado that happened after 7 p.m. 

 but not badly hurt. 
“ But right where I had been sitting with the baby, bricks from the fire­ place and chim ney were piled this high. (And M rs. G ilm er g estu red about three or four feet from the floor.) 
“ Had we still been there we would have been crushed. The rocker was smashed flat. 
“ By this time the rain was really pouring down and Claud shoved the baby and me under the bed.” 
Those we interviewed had different impressions on how long the tornado lasted. 
“ I had a feeling there were three distinct pushes,” Mrs. Gilmer said. “ I don’t believe they lasted more than a minute.” 
This could be the most tragic minute in the life of any town. 
When the storm started to die down, 
Mrs. Gilmer’s brother. Page Carson, and another man came to check on them and the little group set out to find out about relatives. 

Scene of horror 
The Gilmers stepped out into a scene of horror. Houses were torn apart — there was debris everywhere — and the dead, dying and injured were at every hand. 
G ilm er left Mrs. G ilm er and the baby with relatives and joined the rescue parties. 
“ My own car was badly damaged and wouldn't start," Gilmer said. “ I found a little Ford pickup and ran it night and day. 
“ One big problem was the burial of all the victims. Solid rock is just under the surface in this country, We had to get the state highway department to blast out the graves.” 
★ ★ * 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 I 977 

JOE RAGSDALE 
MRS. DUDLEY EDWARDS 
CLAUD GILMER 
• •. blown out of cafe 
. . . vivid storm memories 
.. • county judge then town that 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------- s 
Miracles in the dark 

 and Milton, 4, were left with relatives in Rocksprings. 
“ Early that night Bryan heard of the tornado but didn’t want me to know,” 
Mrs. Babb said. “ Later I learned that he had gone down to a newspaper of­ fice. 
“ Reporters were leaving right then in a car for Rocksprings. The car was filled but Bryan stood on the running- board all the way. It was a wild ride and Bryan didn't know if our son and daughter were alive or dead. 
“ The nurses were determ ined to keep the tornado from me. My Express wasn't brought to my room and the nurses who held it up told me no Ex­ presses had been delivered that morn­ ing. 
“ My radio suddenly went dead. I later learned that a nurse had dis­ tracted my attention and stepped on and broke the plug at the socket. 
Suspicious 
“ I got more suspicious when I re­ ceived a telegram from an aunt in 
Cleburne asking — “ How are Bryan and the babies?” 
“ Around noon, my doctor came to me, told me about the tornado and said: 
“ Mrs. Babb, Mr. Babb has gone to 
Rocksprings where there has been a bad tornado. If anything has happened to your children. I’ll get a nurse and we w ill take you there. 
"Later in the day, I heard the chil­ dren were all right. Milton had been with his grandfather on the ranch. 
Dorothy Leigh had been with Aunt 
Jessie in Rocksprings but was only slightly hurt. If she had been in her bed, it would have been a different story. The bed was smashed.” 
Bryan B ab b's b ro th er, B urn ett 
Babb, was killed. When the garage he was in started coming apart, he ran into the street. He was blown more than a block and killed outright. 
Badly hit 
“ Our home was badly hit,” Mrs. 
Bab!) said. “ One room was blown completely off. The stove was blown away and a sink ripped out. 
“ But only one teacup was broken in that china closet.” 
Several told us the story of Mr. and 
Mrs. Fred “ R eek” Ross and their child. We had hoped to talk with them but when Mrs. Babb called them. Ross was away and Mrs. Ross was ill. 
“ Reek, Lizzabelle and their child went into a closet and closed the door.” 
Mrs. Babb said. “ Every room in the house was blown away except that clo­ set.” 
There are faded pictures of that ex­ panse of floor that once had been a house. The closet stands alone — un­ damaged. 

Mo escape 

The safest place in Rocksprings on the night of the tornado may well have been the county jail. 

The small, two story stone jail. with its thick walls, still stands in the corner of the courthouse yard as it did then. What a sturdy structure it is! 

The tornado did some damage to the roof but that was all. 

Alas! There was not a single person — prisoner or otherwise — in the jail that night. 
^ m m 'm m m 

Mr. and Mrs. Walker Ragsdale were /" on the staff of the First National Bank of Rocksprings at the time of the tor­ nado. 
Bonnie and I interview ed M rs. 
Ragsdale at her home at Junction. 
Frederica Burt Wyatt, author and former mayor and now city clerk of 
Junction, has gathered much material on the R ocksprings tragedy . Mrs. 
Wyatt’s father. Matt Burt, was one of many men from Junction who went to 
Rocksprings to help. 
Mrs. Wyatt accompanied us on our 
Junction interviews. 
As with all in Rocksprings, the me­ mories of all that day are seared in 
Mrs. Ragsdale's memories. 
“ I had invited three or four of the teachers down to the house that night to e at,” Mrs. Ragsdale said. “ I re­ member that I served enchiladas and 
Spanish rice. 
“ Mexican food was not cooked as often as it is now and I had a reputation for my Mexican food. 
“ As she left one of the teach ers pointed to the terrible cloud and said we were going to have a hailstorm. I was worried for Walker and T. A. Wil­ liams who had gone to San Antonio to carry a sick person. 
“ But they did get back and we were at the Williams house when the storm hit. The Williams had two little chil­ dren and Walker and Mr. Williams each took one in their arms to shield them. 
“The roof was torn off the Williams’ home. They had a two-storv garage. 
Several trunks containing valuables and many beautiful things were stored in the garage. The trunks were blown away and no trace of them or their contents were ever found. 
“ When the storm slackened. Walker went to the front door and stepped out. 
He slid to the ground. A telephone pole had fallen across the porch and the porch was detached from the house. 
“ It’s strange amid all the horror, som e of the little things you r e ­ member. When I first looked out, one thing caught my eye. The W illiams’ 
Studebaker sedan had been turned over and all four wheels were up. 
“ Later they turned it upright. It ran.” 

Tragedies 
Mrs. Ragsdale is sad when she re­ members the'm an y tragedies—such things as the Gus Henderson family. 
Mr. and Mrs. Henderson and their children were all killed, except for a small son. Later Mrs. H enderson’s 
17-year-old sister died in a San Antonio hospital. 
But Mrs. Ragsdale also remembers some heroines. 
Mrs. Norman Lockley was a nurse. 
The arrival of her baby was very close at hand. But Mrs. Lockley worked ar­ ound the clock. 
Dr. J. E. Rogers was the town’s only doctor. Until help came, he and Mrs. 
Lockley tried to do all they could with no hospital, few instruments and few drugs. 
A fine, healthy son arrived to Mrs. 
Lockley on time. 
Mrs. Lockley now lives in a Junction nursing home and she and Mrs. 
Ragsdale are friends. 
Got help 
“ Foster Owens got the word out first hut A m anda E astlan d , one of the teachers who had been my guest that night helped,” Mrs. Ragsdale said. 
“ She managed to get her little roadster started and headed out the road to 
Sonora. In time she got the word to her parents in Sonora and Sonora helped 

There were many stories of peo­ ple m iraculously escaping death that dark and stormy night. 

Jesse B. Gilmer, a high school boy at the time who helped in the rescue work, told of some of these miracles. 

The home of Mrs Mark Bean was so completely blown away that even the concrete foundation was not there. 

“Yet Mrs. Bean and her son Hil­ ton, 4, were blown two blocks from the place without a scratch.” 

 spread word of the desperate need for help.” 
★ ★ 

Elvie Moore was a 27-year-old mail carrier when the tornado hit Rockspr­ ings. He carried the mail in a little four-cylinder Chevrolet truck between 
Rocksprings and Camp Wood, where he met the carrier from Uvalde. 
Moore now lives in Junction. His trimness — he is an ardent golfer — belies his 77 years. 
“ We were living in an old two-story, 
1o-room house in Rocksprings,” Moore said. “ We were remodeling it. I got home from my mail route about 3 p. rn. and was digging a hole for a septic tank. A dark cloud was building up in the northwest and the wind was blow­ ing to it. All at once the wind stopped. 
“ Then that black cloud really started boiling and the wind started coming from it. I then joined my mother, my ste p fa th e r and half-brother in the house. 
“ Hail began coming down and broke out a window. I put a piece of card­ board in it and the hail broke out a second one. 
“ About that time the wind blew our front door open and it took three of us 

*Every room in the house was blown away except for the closet' 

 to close it. While we were closing it a piece of ice as big as a dishpan plunged to our sidewalk and shattered. 
“The door blew open again and as we tried to close it, the tornado really hit. 

House flew 
“ Our house pulled loose from the front porch and shot straight up in the air — ‘whoosh!’ — just like an eleva­ tor. (H ere Moore sta rte d low and jerked both hands up over his head as fast as he could.) 
“ Something hit me in the head and that was all I rem em ber. The next thing I knew my stepdad touched me and I raised up. 
“ I’ll never forget how surprised I was — the storm had passed, the wind had died down and the stars were out. 
We apparently were out about an hour or an hour and a half. 
“ Up in the air I had lost all sight of the others and here we were lying w ithin about IO feet of each other. Soon my half brother and mother sat up. 
“ I had a bad head wound but my mother was hurt worst. The outside of her leg from the hip to the knee had been split to the bone. 
“We walked to the courthouse where 
Dr. Rogers was working and he sent us over to the hotel. My coveralls were soaked and I was about to freeze. 

Freezing 

“ I noticed some clothes hanging in the closet — later I found out they be­ longed to a preacher. He was a very big 

One of the strangest stories was of a sm all baby in a fam ily named 
Renfro. 

The Renfro baby was blown more than 2oo yards from the Renfro home into the bedroom where Mrs. 
Ed Winn and her children were huddled. The outside wall of the 
Winn bedroom had been blown away. 

The Renfros did not learn thHr baby was safe and at the Winn home until the next day. 

But I wore them to San Antonio and the hospital.” 
Many hours later, Moore’s mother and a badly injured neighbor were put on a mattress in the back of a truck and driven to Camp Wood, en route to the hospital train from Uvalde to San 
Antonio. Moore was put in the cab. 
“ On the way to Camp Wood,” Moore said, “ we met the Uvalde m ailman who ordinarily transferred the mail to me at Camp Wood. He was carrying the mail on through to Rocksprings. 
“ The real tragedy in our family was my half-brother, JZT. Bartley, J.T., who was 2o. He did not seem badly hurt. But his leg kept bothering him and an X-ray showed a small splinter of wood. 
“ A doctor cut in and removed it but 
J. T. died later from blood-poisoning.” 
★ ★ ★ 

Joe Ragsdale was a 17-year-old sen­ ior at Rocksprings High when the tor­ nado hit. 
He still has the sharp, scrubbed look of the Marine he was in the Pacific in 
World War II. He is retired from a bus company in San Antonio. 
Bonnie and I sat with him and Mrs. 
Ragsdale at a big picture window in the breakfast room of their hillside home in Mason. A brilliant, red car­ dinal was at the feeder just outside the window. We could look for miles across the valley. 
In this peaceful setting, Ragsdale quietly told us of that night of horror. 
“ I was working in the drugstore after school,” Ragsdale said. “ A little after 7, I went into Charlie Baker s cafe and ordered a combination sand­ wich and a glass of milk. I ate the last sandwich Charlie ever sold. 
“ Los Ellis and Roy Benskin were also in the restaurant — a T-bone for 
Ellis was on the stove. A boy about 17 was working back in the kitchen. I think he had ju st drifted into 
Rocksprings. 

Hail began 

“ The hail started and I went to the front of the cafe. Ellis said — “ You’d better not, you’ll get killed.’ Then the hail really started. It sounded like big sledgehammers hitting on that sheet- iron roof 
“The boy in the kitchen shouted for help to close a door. I started for him and had gotten in the back of the cafe where the dining room and kitchen met. 
“Then I heard the roar of the torna­ do. I’ve never heard a sound like it — before or since. 
"Suddenly I was blown out of the cafe. I really don’t know what hap­ pened. The cafe was across the street from the northw est corner of the courthouse and in an instant I found myself on the ground on the east side of the courthouse. 
“ I crawled into an outside entrance of the courthouse that led to the res­ troom. Soon Sheriff Ed Young and Ed 
Lomax carne to the courthouse and I joined them in trying to rescue people. 

 of a man with a two by four driven through his chest. It was impossible to remove it, so each end was sawed off and the man buried with the timber still in his body.) 
Ragsdale was among those looking for Baker, whose body was among the last found. 
“ Everything was swept from the cafe,” Ragsdale said. “ Charlie had an 
Ingersoll watch on the counter. It was blown into the courthouse yard and was still running when found. 
“ Ellis and Benskin were badly hurt and were among those carried to the hospital in San Antonio but they reco­ vered.” 
There was irony in the fate that caused the boy in the kitchen to drift into Rocksprings and be there when the tornado hit. 
“ I could never find out what hap­ pened to him,” Ragsdale said. “ I was told that one of his hips was just sliced off. I believe he was among those taken to San Antonio.” 
No more school 
The Rocksprings school did not reo­ pen that school year. Ransdale and the other seniors were given their diplo­ mas. 
Ragsdale has only one memento of the tornado — a small scar across his nose. 
“ And it has just occurred to me that 
I never paid for that sandwich I was eating,” he said. 
★ ★ ★ 

The Mexican-American section of 
Rocksprings was hard hit. 
There were a number of deaths. 
In the interview we had with Claud 
G ilm er he did not mention that he helped dig graves. But The San An­ tonio News had this paragraph: 
“ County Judge Claud Gilmer was am ong those working shoulder to shoulder with men from M exican- 
American families digging trenches in which to bury the dead.” 
It became plain in this rocky soil the 
Texas Highway Department would be needed to blast out the needed graves with dynamite and jackhammers. An 
Express headline described the scene: 
“ Dynamite Blasts Out Graves for 
Dead Amid Acres of Wild Flowers.” 

Tied family 

One of the most unusual stories con­ cerned Joe Cordova. Cordova moved his family out of their house and into a floorless shed that had a big post. 
Then he tied a rope tightly around his wife, two sisters and two younger brothers. He then tied the other end of the rope to the post. 
The storm blew away the shed. But the rope held and those tied were not seriously injured. 
There was a moving story on Ale­ jan dro 
F ern an d ez. 
He and his 
I-year-old daughter w ere badly hurt and were brought to San Antonio on one of the hospital trains. 
But from Rocksprings to the hospital he would not trust his daughter to stretcher bearers or others who wanted to carry her. He kept her in his arms all the way. 
★ ★ * 

Foster Owens of the Rocksprings 

 telephone company let the outside world know a terrible disaster had hit 
Rocksprings. 
Claud Gilmer told us the story and got us a copy of the citation awarding 
Owens the national Theodore N. Vail silver medal and $25o. 
Owens, his wife and two babies and his sister and her three children were at the Owens home when the tornado hit. Owens had all of them get under the dining room table. 
The table was almost smashed and the sister had a bad scalp wound and w as unconscious. 
But Owens knew he had to get help for tin1 town and quickly. 
He found an automobile and started driving out the Kerrville road. Of course all telephone lines in the city were down. 
Found phone 
About a mile beyond the edge of the tornado’s path, he found the poles up and wires still on them. Owens went to a nearby house, got a telephone in­ strument. climbed the pole and con­ nected with the Rocksprings toll line. 
Owens first talked to the telephone manager in Kerrville and then to the 
Kerrville mayor. 
A former telephone operator, Gladys 
Brink Laurie, was at a nearby home and Owens put her on the telephone. 
Mrs. Laurie stayed out there by that telephone pole through much of the night, telling all the towns she could reach of the disaster. Mrs. Jack Rote. 

*Ironically there were only about two storm cellars in town ’ 

 niece of Mayor Tobin of San Antonio, called her uncle and told him of the tornado. 
After getting Mrs. Laurie, Owens went back home and found out for the first time his wife’s head had been badly cut. It was 4 a.m. before any medical attention could be gotten for her. 

But about 3 a.m. word was brought to Owens the telephone had gone out. 
He again left his injured wife, went back and made temporary repairs. 
The toll line — and all outside com­ munications — went out at 4:3o a.rn. — but help was on the way. 
★ ★ * 

The relief of Rocksprings is a saga of an area rallying to do all it could for the stricken town. 
There was no railroad and only country roads into Rocksprings. Most of the roads had many low water crossings. Torrential rains that ac­ companied the tornado flooded almost every stream. 

Doctors and nurses were on their way from Uvalde when they came to badly flooded Indian Creek. They drove over to a railroad and there drove their cars across on the trestle. 
The 1st Cavalry Bridge was at Fort 
Clark at Brackettville. It moved in full 

See ROCKSPRINGS. Page GB 

“ I never saw Charlie Baker and the boy in the kitchen again. Charlie was man and the shirt and pants were so killed when a big timber was driven big they wrapped around me twice, through his chest. (Several people told 
T h e storm w rote *3 o ’ 

Rocksprings was without a newspaper for a long time after the tornado. 

R. Dollahite, editor and publisher of the Edwards County Leader, and his daughter, Mattie, were killed outright when the tornado struck. 

 wouldn’t die 
FOR M ANY DAYS the Rocksprings storm was front-page news in San Antonio. 

THOUGH additions have been made to it, then — as now —- this was the only hotel in Rocksprings. On the night of the tornado, many of the injured and some of the dead were taken into the hotel. 

Death came at a time when Doilahite had high hopes for his newspaper. He had just purchased a Linotype machine and other modern equipment. 

The newspaper shofkand all its equipment were destroyed in the storm. 

THI EDWARDS County courthouse — still in use —- was built in the 
I 89os. It carries a plaque noting that It withstood the 1927 Rockspr­ ings tornado. The roof was blown off and many of the partitions inside the building were blown down. 

 xM udt Wfttt&i m efkvl-iti 

 f tw 

 x > 

 r fV|' 

EASTER REVEALS THE TRIUMPH O r 
LIFE OVER DEATH 

The beautiful story o f Easter contains many messages o f hope that hare enriched the lives o f all those who observe it. The dramatic events o f the most m em orable w eekend in all history portray the victory o f right over wrong and joy over sorrow, as well as the forgiveness o f a deed so terrible that even the ruling magistrate would claim no responsibility fo r it. It is a time fo r reflection as well as rejoicing; and if the Son o f 
God died to atone fo r our sins and to provide p ro o f o f immortality, the least we can do is try to be worthy o f that sacrifice by improving our lives and by attending the church o f our choice; not only on Easter, but every Sunday throughout the year. 

& 

UNIVERSITY 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
23o8 Cincinnal* et Bandera Road 
( I block east of 
Gen, M cM ullen D rive) 
Jam es M cKee, Postor 
T erry W, W ilkins 
M inister of Music & Youth 
S U N D A Y 
8 3o A M. W orship S ervice 
9:45 A M . Sunday School 
11 OO A M. W orshio S ervice 
5 3o P M. C hurch T ra in in g 
6 4o P M W orship S ervice 
W E D N E S D A Y 
2:3o P M. P ro v e r S e rvice 
K in d e rg a rte n fo r 4 & 5 y r olds. 
S upervised n u rs e ry open fo r a ll services. 

Bapt ist Bible F e l l o w s h i p 

GRACE BAPTIST 
TEMPLE 
1928 Basse Rd. (N orthside) 
Phone( 732-6323—655-6533 
Wm. E. Fortson, Pastor 
Sunday School — 9 45 a m M o rn mg 
W orship 
IO 45; 
T ra in in g 
Union 6:oo p.m . E ve n in g E v a n ­ gelistic S e rvice 6:3o p.m. 
C hurch 
N u rse ry open e v e ry 
Service. Special w e lco m e e xte n d ­ ed to w eekend v is ito rs and new ­ com ers to the city. 

W o r l d Bapt ist F e l l o w s h i p 

HUISACHE 
AVENUE 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

1339 W. Huisache Ave. 
D r Claud J. Bonum, Poster 
Rev. Cloud J.,B onam , Jr. 
Associate Postor 
Young People's Leoder 
Choir D irector 
Rev. Fred Bonum, 
Associate Pastor, 
Young Adult Teacher 
Sunday S ervices — A ll B ible Sun­ day School 1o:oo a.rn. 
W orship S ervice l l oo a m. 
A d u lt’s 
Young 
People's and 
C h ild re n 's M eeting 6 3o p m 
E vening S ervice 7:3o p m. 
W ednesday 
— 
P ra y e r 
S e rvice 
7:3o p m. 
45 Y ears in Son Antonio 
Tune in D r. C loud J. Bonam on 
KO RY radio, H IO on your dial 
M onday th ru S a tu rd a y 7:3o-7:45 a rn. 

THE SATCmiWY 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
RELIGION 

C hurc hes 

 of Christ 

BEACON HILL 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

A Special 
Invitation 
To Attend 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

Loop 13— 1 m ile 
North of H ighw ay 93E 
Ed3 n i l 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 

1o3 S. F lo re s St. 
CA6-2481 
Bexar County 
National Bank 
M em ber F .D .l.C . 
Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 

M a n u fa c tu re d bv Blue Bonnet 
P o tato C hip Com pany 

SAN ANTONIO 
4o5 Walton Ave. 
M eets 1st, 2nd and 4th S undays at 
1o:3o A M. 
F or in fo rm a tio n ca ll 661-7o58 a fte r 
6 oo P.M . 

NORTHSIDE 

18o1 West Thorain 
(One blk. E of West Ave. at Northwest E xpressw ay) 
C h urch : 734-2197 hom e: 342 58o9 
P a stor E ld e r: S am m y Box 
M o rn in g W orship 1o:3o 
E ve ning W orship 6 3o 
Wed. N ight P ro v e r M eeting 7:3o. 
C h rist T au ght: "T a k e M y Yoke upon you, and le o rn otM e. . . 
And ye shall fin d re st unto yo u r 
Souls." M a tt 11:29. 

FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
515 McCullough 
“Only M inutes Away by E xpressw ay'' 
D r. Jim m y R. Allen, Pastor 

Sundoy Services 
9 3o a rn. Sunday School 
11: OO a m. M o rn in g W orship 
6:oo p.m . C h urch T ra in in g 
7 o5 p.m . E ve ning W orship 
7:15 p.m . W ednesday m id-w eek se rvice (B ro a d ca st o ve r K K Y X 
R adio and 
KSAT 
(C hannel 
12, 
11:oo a.m . S unday). 

MANOR 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

A s s e m b l y 
CHURCH OF 
CASTLE HILLS 

214 Roleto 
(IV * M iles West of C entral Park 
M all on Loop 41o) 
342-4279 
Pastor John Hogee 
Sunday School 
9 JO A M 
M o rn in g W orship 
IO 3o A M. 
E ve ning W o rsh ip 
6 OO P M 
W ednesday 
C ity W ide B ib le Study & 
Y o uth S e rvice 
7 3o P M. 
N ursery provided of o il serv ices 
"T h e C h u rch You ve Been 
Looking F or. ' 

GOSPEL 
ASSEMBLY 
P a s to r M. W. H ozelip 
417 C a talina 
Just off H ild e b ra n d & IH IO 
W o rs h io a n d B ib le F e llo w s h ip 
IO OO a m . 
W orshio Sunoav Eve. 7:oo p.m. 
W ednesday B ible Study 7:3o p m . 
The C h urch W ith T ru th F o r Ifs 
H e a rt. 

A s s e m b l y o f G o d 
FIRST 
ASSEMBLY 
OF GOD 
81o S E M ilitary Dr. 
(Betw een Roosevelt and Flores) 
Rev. DOV Robison, Pastor ' 
Phone. 922 7561—924 )587 
S U N D A Y 
S E R V IC E 
Sundav 
School — 9 45 a rn 
W orship - 
IO 45 a rn. Ju n io r C h u rch Serv ices th A u x ilia ry A u d ito riu m tor 
C h ild re n of OU ages — IO 45 a rn 
Y o uth 
M eetings 
— 
6 OO a rn 
E v a n g e lis tic 
S ervices 
— 
7:oo p rn 
W E D N E S D A Y . 
D eeper c ite 
B ib le S ervices — 7 3o p m 
At tended 
N u rse rie s ope rate ail services. 

OAK MEADOW 
ASSEMBLY OF 
GOD 
2714 Hunters Green 
(N .W S A ) 
Phone 492-2311 
Rev. Jock Robertson, Postor 
Sunday Services 
Sunday School—9 45 a.m . 
M orning W orship— IO 45 a m. 
P raise Ratty— 7:oo p.m. 
Wed Fam ily night 7 3o p m n u r s e r y p r o v i d e o f o r 
A L L S E R V IC E S 
“ Come and Find Love" 

GLAD TIDING 
ASSEMBLY 
OF GOD 
2143 So ,W.W. W hite Rd. 
V.oop 13) 
Jam es H. Brothers. Pastor 
W ayne Volt. Assistant Postor 
Sunday 
Services: 
Sunday School 9 45 a m . to 12 OO noon New Concept* in Christian Education. M orning 
W orship IO: 5o c m. Youth Serv ice 6 OO p m. Evangelistic Serv­ ice 7:oo p m. W ednesday Serv­ ice Bible Study, 7:3o p.m . Royal 
Rangers and 
Missionetts 
7 3o p.m . N ursery attendant on duty at each service 
Day Care and K indergarten 
A fast growing spiritual churel with a vision. 

Primitive Baptist 
Churches 

EASTSIDE 
12o6 W. Hem Rd. phone: 655-2927 or 333-263o 
Pastor: E ld er (D r .) J. P. Dale Jr. 
Services 
2ND 
S A T U R D A Y 
N IG H T 
7:3o, 
P.M . 
2ND Sunday 1o:3o A M . 
4TH Sunday 1o:3o A .M . 

CASTLE HILLS 
FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

222o N.W. M ilitary Hwy. 
Blanco exit off Loop 41o 
"P roclaim ing the Abundant 
Life in C hrist" 
D r. George H. H arris, Pastor 
James H. Ennis, 
Associate P astor 
M alcolm A. G rainger, 
M in iste r of M usic 
Ed R. Human, 
Field E va n g e list 
Irving Cook 
Education D irector 
Helen Cade 
C hurch V is ito r 
Sunday Schools (9 3o 11:oo a rn I 
M orn ing W orship S ervices (9:3o 
& 11 OO a m. 
E vening W orship S ervice (7 OO 
o rn.) 
C h ristia n T ra in in g H our (6 OO 
D rn.) 
W ednesday P ra ye r S ervice <7 15 

 o r n . ) 
N u -se ry ooen tor o il services 

CRESTVIEW 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

W alzem at E a g e r e s t—655-7451 
( I Mile Eost of 

Roosevelt High School) 
L a rry J. Jones, Pastor 
Sam Moore, Music D irector 

9 45 a rn Bible Study fo r a ll ages l l OO a rn. W orship S e rvice 
6 oo p.m . Sunday n ight Place 
7 OO p m E ve ning W orship Serv­ ice 
7.oo p.rn 
W ednesday 
P ra ye r 
S ervice 
N u rse ry open for ail services 
Visitors welcome. 
"Come Grow With Us" 

EISENHAUER 
ROAD BAPTIST 
395o Eisenhauer Road 
Phil Jewett, M inister of Music and Youth 
Sunday School — 9 3o a.m . M orn mg W orship —IO 45 a m ,; C hurch 
T ra in in g — 6 oo p m ; E vening 
W orship 
— 
7:oo p .m .; 
M ission 
O rga nizatio ns — 6 3o p m. Wed nesdav; M id Week P ro v e r Serv ice — 7:15 p m ; G rad ed C hoirs; 
K in d e rg a rte n ; 
Bus 
M in is try ; 
N u rse ry provided. 

LACKLAND 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
2718 Frontier Dr. 
674-27o2 
James O. Todd, Postor 
Stephen Heather 
M inister of Education 
Jim m y M urdock, 
Music & Youth Director 
Sunday Services: 
8 3o a rn F irs t W orship S ervice 
9.3o a rn. Sunday School 
11:oo a rn. Second W orship Serv ice 
4 OO p.m . Y outh C hoir 
5 45 a.m . C hurch T ra in in g 
7:oo p m . 
E ve ning 
W orship 
S ervice 
W ednesday S ervices. 
6 3o p m. Teachers 8. O ffice rs' 
M eeting Acteens. G irls in Action 
R.A 's & P re school, C hoir. 
7 3o p m. 
M id 
Week 
P ra ye r 
Service. 

(N U R S E R Y O PEN FOR A L L 
S E R V IC E S ) 
G R A D E D 
CHOIRS 
(S eptem ber th ro u g h A p ril) 
T u e s d a y 
— 
3 :o o -4 :o o p .m ., 
(G rades 1-6) 
W ednesday 
— 
3 oo 3 45 p.m . 
(G rades 1-2) 

NORTHEAST 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
293o Bitters Road—(24-7235 
W H Long— Postor 
Clift H arden—M usic/Y outh 
SU N D A Y S C H E D U L E : 
9:3o a rn Bible Study (All ages) 
IO: 5o a m. Worship 
4:3o p.rn. Youth Choir 
6 OO D rn. Christian Training 
6 OO p m E lem entary Choirs 
7 OO p.m. Evening Worship 
W E D N E S D A Y S C H E D U L E 
6 oo p.m . M issionary O rganiza­ tions 
7 3o p m. M id Week Service 
8:2o a rn. Adult Choir 

N U R S E R Y 
O P E N 
A L L 
S E R V ­ 
ICES 
W E E K -D A Y 
K IN D E R 
G A R T E N P R O G R A M 

Charismatic 

M anor Dr. at M eredith 
(2 blocks west of 
Jefferson High School) 

O r. Nathan L. Stone, 
Pastor 

D r. Prentess F errell 
Associate P asto r/ 
Christian Education 

M r. Lee M aresh, 
M inister of Music 

Miss Diane H art, 
M inister of Youth & Recreation 

9 3o a m. Sunday School 
1o:5o a.m . M o rn in g w o rship. 
S e rm o n b v P o s to r N a th a n L . 
S tone." 
"Th e 
Resurrection of 
Jesus" 
6:oo p.m . Serm on In film "Say It 
W ith M u s ic " 
7 p.m. W ednesday S ervice. 
Supervised n u rse ry to all services. 

NORTHRIDGE 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

Chevv Chase & Eisenhauer Rd. 
TA4-oS39 
Jam es M. Reid, Pastor 
9*3o a.m . Sunday School fo r a ll coes 
1o:55 a.m . 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
Service. 
6 OO p.m . C hurch in tra in in g , 7 p m. E ve ning W orship S ervice 
7:3o p.m . 
W ednesday, 
P ro v e r 
S ervice 
N u rse ry open fo r all services. 
V isito rs welcom e. 

PAR KH I LLS 
BAPTIST 

14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Or. John Barbee, Pastor 
Sid W. Millegan, Education 
Lloyd G arcia, Choir M aster 
Sam Sowder, M inister of Youth 
Korisha Leeper, Music & Youth 
9:3o A.M . SU ND AY SCHOOL 
1o:3o A.M . W OR SH IP SE R V IC E 
5:45 P.M . C H R IS T IA N T R A IN ­ 
ING 
6:45 P.M . E V E N IN G S E R V IC E 
7:3o P M. W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y - 
ER SE R V IC E 
Supervised n u rse ry at a ll serv- ices 

SHEARER HILLS 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
8o2 O B LA TE 
D r. Charles J. 
Wisdom 
Pastor 
Phillip Sitton 
M inister of Music and Administration 
John M . (M a rty ) 
Brown 
M inister of Youth 
S U N D AY 
9:3o B ible Study. 
1o:4o M orn ing W orship 
6.oo M e m b e rs in Trom m g. 
7:oo E ve ning W orship. 
W E D N E S D A Y 

6:3o p.m. Supper 
7:3o p.m . B ible Study 
7:3o p m . 
S a nctua ry 
C hoir 
R ehearsal 

TRINITY 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
319 E. M ulb erry 
D r. Buckner Fanning, Pastor 
Rey. R F. (Bob) w idem an. 
Associate Pastor 
Rey. Tom m y Lyons, 
M inister of Music 
Rev. Don McLendon, 
M inister of Education 
Rev. Danny M u rra y, 
M inister of Youth 
M r. Ben Freem an, 
M inister of Activities 
M rs. Sandro Kester, Director of 
Special O utreach M inistries 
M rs. D arlene Rogers, 
Pre-School Director 
M r. J.W. Fortner, 
Business Adm inistrator 
S U N D AY 
9:3o 
A M —Sunday 
School, l l OO A M —W orship S ervice, 6 oo 
P M -C h ris tia n 
E d u ca tio n ; 
7:oo 
P M —W orship S ervice 

W E D N E S D A Y 6: IS o rn. - P ra y ­ er S e rvice 7 IS o rn. 
— C hoir 
P ra ctice 
A ttended n u rse rie s open fo r a ll services. 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 
131o Texas Avenue 
John M. Bell, Pastor 
M .D . Beadles, Assistant 
Sunday School, 9:45 a.m . 
M o rn in g W orship, 1o:45 a.m . 
P re -se rvice p ra y e r, 6:3o p.m . 
E ve ning W orship, 7:oo p.m . 
W ednesday 
P ro v e r 
& 
B ib le 
Study a t 7:oo p.m . 

Charismatic Baptisti 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 w . H ildebrand 
F. Goode Foster-Paslor 

Sunday School— IO A .M . 
W o rsh ip — l l A.M . 
Sunday E ve —7 P.M . 
Wed. E ve — 7:3o P .M . 
N u rse ry P ro vid e d 

Ch ri st ia n C h u r c h 

Di sci pl es of Christ 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
64oo Block N New Braunfels 
828-5728 
Rev. E a rl R. Bissex, M inister 
, P a rk er E. Cross, 
Associate M inister 
8. 3o a.m . W orship S ervice 
9:45 a.m . C h urch School 
IO 5o a.m . W orship S ervice 
12:oo N oon—F e llo w sh ip 
6 p.m. Y outh M eetings 
E xce lle n t N u rs e ry . A m ple p a rk ing. 

CENTRAL 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
M ain Avenue at Romano Plaza 
227-5273 
M inisters: 
D r. Thomos Youngblood 
Royce E. Mokin 
C hurch School: 9:45 a.m . 
W orship 1o:45 o.m . 
F a m ily p ro g ra m s : 6 p m. 
N u rse ry a va ila b le . 
A 
F rie n d ly w elcom e a w aits you. P le n ty ot pa rkin g . 

SOUTHEAST 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
1545 G oliad Rd. 
W orship S ervice 11:oo a.m . 
Sunday School 9:3o a m. 
Youth G rou p 5:3o O.m. 
H orace B. H a rm on, M in is te r 

WOODLAWN 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(D iscip les of C h r is t ) 
West G ram ercy af Elm endorf 
(across from Woodlawn C tr.) 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
Rev B L. Brown 
Senior M inister 
Rev. Tom W. N eal. Associate 
M inister 
M o rn in g W o rsh ip S e rvices 8:3o and 1o:45. 
S e rm o n S u b je c t: 
“ T h e L a s t 
Moment For Hope" 

E ve ning Y outh G rou p, 5:3o-7:3o 

C hild c a re d u rin g m o rn in g ' se rvice . A m ple p a rk in g . A frie n d ­ ly w e lcom e a w a its you. 

937 W. M agnolia 
Between IH IO and US 281 
Bill Wilson, M inister 
Bible Call Librory 
733-89o4 
Sunday S ervices 
W orship IO 3o a rn. and 6 o.m . B ible Classes. 
9:3o a m. M idw eek B ible Study. 
W ednesday, 7.3o p m 
A ch u rch near to the h e a rt of Son 
A n­ to n io .'' 
JEFFERSON 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

7o2 Donaldson Avenue 
732 61o5 
J O. Cosh, M inister 
8 ib le Classes 
9-3o o.m . 
W orshio 1o:3o A M . & 6 oo P.M. 
Youth 
5 OO P rn. 
W ednesday S e rvices 
.7:3o o.m . 
A ttended n u rs e ry fo r a ll m eet­ ings 
MacARTHU R 
PARK 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

"Th e End Of Your Search 
For A F riendly Church" 
19o7 N E . Loop 41o 
Phone: 824-73o1 
Doyle M aynard, M inister 
B ib le C la ss & C h ild re n s B ib le 
H our 9 :3o A M 
W orship 1o:3o A.M . & 6 P.M . 
Ladies B ible Class T uesday IO 
A.M. 
W ednesday S e rvice ^ 7:3o P.M . 

SAN PEDRO 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

822-33o5— Tel. 826-2o89 
311 Jackson-Keller at San Pedro 
G B. Stanley, M inister 
Sunday S ervices: 
Bible Classes 9:3o a m. 
W orshio 
S e rvices 
1o:3o a.m ., 
6:oo p.m . W ednesday M idw eek se rvice 7:3o p.m . 
N u rs e ry open d u rin g o il s e rv ­ ices. 

SUNSET RIDGE 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
Brees at Em poria 
Telephone 824-4568 
M inister: Roy F. Osborne 

B ib le Classes—9; is a m . W orship 
S ervices — 1o:3d a.m . and 6:oo p.m . W ednesday B ible Classes — 
IO a m. and 7:3o p.m . A ttended n u rs e ry fo r a ll services. 

Saturday April 9 I 977 

W IN D C R ES T 
THE C H U R C H O F 
TH E R ES U R R EC TIO N 

59o9 W alzem Road-655-5484 
The 
Rev. 
Jam es 
P. 
Giddings, 
Rector 
Sundoy E u c h a ris t 9:oo & 11:oo A M 
Sunday School IO; oo A M a ll ages 
Licensed p re school & K in d e rg a rte n 
223JHaD23SIBZSEinHi 
W A Y S I D E 
CHAPEL 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ph. 344-12o3 
8:3o A M. E a rly W orship 
9:45 A.M . Sunday School l l OO A M. L a te W orship. 
7 OO P M E ve ning S ervice. 
P a stor — Stephen P. T ro xe l 

L u t h e r a n 

C h u rch e s 

TRINITY 
CHIODI 

875o Fourwinds Dr. 
IH 3S a t Loop 41o 
“ Inter-Denom inationol 
Congregation of B elievers" 
Pastor Allen Randolph 
W orship ........................... 8:15 A M. 
8 ib le F e llo w sh ip 
...........9:45 A .M . 
W orship 
..........................1o:5o A M. 
Body L ife S e rvice 
. . . . 6:oo P.M . 
W ednesday 
C h a rism a tic T ea ching .. 7:3o P .M . 
Thursday 
H om e M in is trie s 
...........7:3o P.M . 
N u rs e ry fo r a ll se rvice s 

Episcopal 

C hu rch e s 

NORTHEAST 
THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 
S ta rk e s t at Barrington in M arym o n t 

8:oo a m. H o ly C o m m union. 1o:3o o.m . M o rn in g W o rsh ip N u rs e ry and Sunday School. 
Rev. Joe L. 
B row n, 
R e cto r — 
Tel. 655-2731 o r 824-221o. 

CHRIST CHURCH 
Belknap at West Russell 
Sunday 
8:oo a.m . Holy Comm union 
9:oo a.m . F a m ily Service and 
Sunday School l l OO a m . M orning W orship 
(1st and 3rd Sundays — Holy 
Com m union) l a s t l y 
5:oo p.m . Holy Comm union and 
Healing Service 
Thursday 
1o:oo o.m . Holy Communion 
The Rev. John H. M acN aughton 
R ector 
The Rev. H o llie r T o m lin 
The Rev. M e lv in G ra y 
The Rev. S am uel Todd, J r. 
A sso ciate R e ctors 
The Rev. S om uel O rr C apers, 
D.D. R e ctor E m e ritu s 

REDEEMER 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

(Missouri Synod) 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Telephone .732-41) 2 
Rev. Neil M . Bockelmonn. 
Poster 
S U N D A Y : 9 15 a m 
— S unday 
School 
S, 
B ible 
Classes, 
IO 3o lo rn. D ivin e W orship 

SU BJECT OF LESSO N: 
"A re Sin, Disease and Death R eal?” 
FIRST CHURCH 

SOI North Alamo 
Sunday Service 9:3o-IO. 3o-1 TOO- 
12:oo 
Sunday School l l OO 
Wednesday 
Evening 
M eeting 
8 OO 

SECOND CHU RCH 
M agnolia and Belknap 
Sunday S e rvice l l OO 
Sunday School 11 OO. 
Wednesday 
Evening 
M eeting 
8:oo 

THIRD CHURCH 

27oo S. New Braunfels 
Sunday S ervice ll OO 
Sunday School l l OO. 
Wednesday 
Evening 
M eeting 
7 OO 

FIRST CHURCH 
( A L A M O H E I G H T S ) 
1o4 C LO V ER L E A F 
Sunday S ervice l l OO 
Sunday School l l OO. 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
7 3o 
R E A D IN G ROOMS 
326 N. St. M ary's 
Colonies North M all 
IH IO & W urzbach Rd. 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
5o12 Broadway 

CHURCH OF ST. 
STEPHEN 
SOUTHEAST 

3726 S. New Braunfels at rn 37 
4 M inutes from Downtown 
Phone. 534-54o9 
The Rev. Charles H. B e rry Jr., 
Rector 

S U N D A Y : 8 a m . H o ly C o m m u­ n io n ; IO a m . E u c h a ris t/C h u rc h 
School classes, n u rs e ry , 
T U E S D A Y : 7:3o p.m . E u c h a ris t/ 
H ealing. 
W E D N E S D A Y : 
IO a m . 
Holy 
C om m union. 

ST. GEORGE 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
* 
69o4 West Ave. at M ilita ry Hw y. 
The Rev. R. Randolph Cooper, 
Rector 
Church Phone: 342-426) 
Day School Phone: 342-4263 

SU N D A Y : W o rsh ip S e rvice 9:oo 
A M. Sunday School 1o:15 A M. 
W orship 
S e rvice 
11:oo 
A .M 
P ro v e r & P ro is e 7:3o P.M . 
W E D N E S D A Y : H e a lin g S e rvice 
7:3o P M. 
T H U R S D A Y : 
H o ly 
C o m m union 
6:3o A.M . H e a lin g S e rvice 1o:oo 
A M. Evensong 7 oo P M. 
S A T U R D A Y : 
H oly 
C o m m union 
8:oo A M B ib le Study. 

ST. M A R K ’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
DOWNTOWN 
3o7 East Pecan at Travis P ark 
Phone: 226-2426 
The Rev. Stanley F. Hauser, 
Rector 
The Rev. John C. Ball, Jr. 
The Rev. C. Don Baugh 
The Rev. John R. Roen 
The Rf. Rev. J. Wilson H unter 

E a ster Sunday 
7:oo A M. H oly C om m union 
9:oo A M. H oly C o m m union 
11:oo A.M . H oly C om m union 

ST. P AU L’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
East G rayson of Willow 

S u n d a y M a s s e s (1928 P r a y e r 
Book) 8:3o and 1o:3o a.m . 
W ednesday M oss, IO a m. 
M a io r Feast D ays, 7 and IO a rn. cmd 7:3o p.m . 
C onfessions S a turday 
11: OO A .M . - Noon 

ASCENSION 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

Vernon B rietkruetz, Pastor 
1o6o Donaldson Ave. 
(IO blocks west of 
Fredericksburg Road) 
Sunday Schedule: 
Sunday School, 9:3o A M 
W orship S ervice, 1o:3o A M. 
H oly 
C om m union fir s t 
Sunday eoch m onth. 
Come and w o rs h ip w ith us. 

BEITEL 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
2515 Austin H w y. 
Postor, Ralph Ablin 

Sunday w o rs h ip se rv ic e s 
8:oo and 1o:3o a.m . A d u lt class and 
Sunday school a t 9:1o a rn. P ra y ­ e r and P ra is e on Sunday eve­ nings a t 6:3o. N u rs e ry a v a ila b le . 

GRACE 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

5o4 Avenue E. at M cCullough 
T hree Blocks North of The Alam o 
Phone: 226-9)31 
Postor, Robert J. Adix 

8:oo and IO: 45 A.M . W orship. 
9:3o A M. Sunday School 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH, LCMS 

13888 D ream wood 
Telephone 656-65o8 
H enry H. Btor, Pastor 
M.S. E d .; M . Civ. 
Sundoy School and B ib le C loss 
9:15 a.m . 
W orshio 1o:3o a m. 
C om m union on fir s t and th ird 
Sundays. 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

1826 Basse Road 
D r. Guido M erkens 
Senior Posfor 
Rev. N orm an Abbott, Vst. Pastor 
Rev. Theodore G raalm onn , Asst. 
S U N D A Y S S C H E D U L E 
A M . 
9:oo F irs t se rvice . 
1o:oo Sunday School, a ll ages. 
11:oo Second S e rvice 
P.M . 
7:oo T h ird S e rvice 
7:oo Sunday School, ages 3-12. 

N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D . 

CHRIST 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

67o2 Broadw ay in Alam o Hots. 
The Rev. A rth u r E. Rode 
The Rev. H arold Moench, 
Pastors * 
F irs t S e rv ic e —8:oo a m . S undav. 
Sunday S chool—9:15 a m. 
Second S e rvice — 1o:3o a.m . 

HOPE l u t h e r a n 
CHURCH (ALC) 
5714 Callaghan Rd. 
(3 blocks south of Loop 41o) 
433-7475 — 435-97o1 
Rev. Robert P. Thronson 
Rev. Delm as L. Luedke 
W orship S e rvices 8:15 & 
1o:45 a m . 
A dult Class and Sunday School 
9:3o a m. 
N u rse ry p ro v id e d fo r both W o r­ ship Services. 
H oly C om m union — F irs t Sundav and T h ird Sundav. 

M e t h o d i s t 

Chu rch e s 
ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
51o1 Broadway 
826-3215 
M inisters 
O r. Calvin W. Froehner 
Reverend H aro ld C. Perdue 
Reverend H a rry C. B am berger 
Reverend Jack C. Bush. Sr. 
E a ster Sundav is T H E D A Y OF 
D A Y S ! Joyous ce le b ra tio n s a re planned fo r th re e id e n tic a l s e r­ vices of w o rsh io , 8:3o, 9:3o and 
1o:55 a.m . M ay w e urge you to be in the S a n ctu a ry a few m in ­ utes before the s e rv ic e begins. 
A brass ch o ir w ill sound the note of p ra is e , and th e m a g n ific e n t organ w ill rin g o ut the w o ndrous news of C h rist s re s u rre c tio n . 
Dr. F ro e h n e r contin ues the "M Y 
F A V O R IT E S C R IP T U R E " Se ries, w ith the ele ve n th m essage: 
NO M O R E CR Y1NG -NO M O R E 
T E A R S ! 
(B ib lic a l T ext: John 2o:1-18) 
B r in g y o u r E a s te r w e e k e n d v is ito r s to c h u r c h w ith y o u . 
Supervised ch ild c a re is a lw a y s a va ila b le fo r p re school c h ild re n . 
C h u rc h School c la s s e s fo r a ll ages m eet at 9:3o a m. 
S u n d a v e v e n in g a c tiv itie s w ill resum e next week. 
Com e w o rs h ip w ith us on th is g lo rio u s E a ster m o rn in g ! 

ASBURY 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
46o1 San Pedro Ave. 
Phone: 733-o431 
Rev. Wesley N. Schulze, Pastor 

Easter Sundav 
Sunrise Service 7:oo A.M . 

Church School: 9:3o o.m. 
Sunday W orshio: 1o:5o a.m . 
I hp Church o f the frien d ly heart 

COLONIAL 
HILLS UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

5247 Vance Jackson Rd. 
(N orth of Loop 41o) 
349-24o1 
Rev. W illiam M . Easum , Postor 
Delbert Brown, Associate Pastor 
9:45 a.m . C h urch School. 
8:45 a m. and l l a.m . M o rn in g 
W orship. 
6:3o p.m . U .M .Y .F . P ro g ra m & 
Supper. 
Tues. 7:3o p.m . B ib le Study. 
■6:3o p.m . Wed. Y o u th Choir. 
Call 
696 5oo2 fo r in fo rm a tio n . 
N u rse ry fo r a ll a c tiv itie s . 

MacARTHU R 
PARK 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

“ The H om e-Like C hurch" 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd. 
(7 blks. No. of Loop 41o) 
Ph. 824-7135 
Pastor G.W . Schwanenberg 
Assoc. Pastor C. Z im m erm an 
Sundav W o rsh ip : 8:3o 8, l l a m. 
Sundav School: 9:3o a.m . (fo r all ages). 
(N u rs e ry p ro vid e d a ll 3 hou rs) 
M ilita ry 
P e rson nel e sp e cia lly w elcom e. 

ST. JOHN’S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

5o2 E. Nuevo St. 
San Antonio. Texas 782oS 
Phone:. 223-2611 
DO W NTOW N — 1 j block west of 
H e m isF otr. 
Roald E B ra u lic k and N o rm a n H. 
A lbertso n. P astors. 

S U N D A Y , A p ril IO, 1977 
Services 8:15, 9.3o and 1o:45. 
Sundav School 9:3o a.m . 
R E G U L A R A C T IV IT IE S I N ­ 
C L U D E : C h urch School Classes and C hoirs to r ail ages; Singles, 
Senior C itizens, and 
E sp e cia lly 
YO UTH. 

ST. LU K E ’S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
"T h e Friendly Church" 
514 Santo Monica St., 735-o591 
I block w . of San Pedro 
Pastor W. J Buck 
(Chaplain, Col, USAP, Ret.) 
Pastor Em eritus J.F . Vorkoper 
W orship 
S ervice 
1o:45 a m . 
(N u rse ry p ro vid e d ) 
Sundav 
School 
9:3o o.m . 
(a ll ages) 
Counseling S ervices ottered. 

LA TRINIDAD 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

3oo San Fernando at Pecos 
Phone: 227-o546; 734-9692 
Pastor: Rev. A. Ted G rout Q. 

E A S TE R S U N D A Y S E R V IC E S 
7:oo A .M . O R A M A "C H R IS T IN 
TH E P A S S O V E R " presented bv the Jeruselem p la y e rs ; fo llo w e d b y a b r e a k fa s t f o r th e C o n ­ g re gatio n in th e 
E d u ca tio n a l 
Bldg. 
9:oo A .M . E a s te r C a n ta ta p re ­ sented by the A d u lt C hoir. 
1o:3o A.M . E A S T E R S E R V IC E , 
Serm on: Rev. A. T re d G ro u t Q 
E A S T E R C A N T A T A , p re s e n te d by the A d u lt C h o ir. 

LAUREL 
HEIGHTS 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

227 West Woodlawn at Belknap 
733-7156 
M inisters 
Rev. Charles L. G iesler 
Rev. Albert E. Loudon 
Rev. Robert E . Parsons 
Henry Holloway, 
Director of M usic 
John C. Schmidt, O rganist 
W orship S ervices 8:3o and 1o:5o a .m .,. 
R everend 
C h arles 
L. 
G ie sle r 
P re a c h in g • 
Resurrection: 
“ Event 
And 
Symbol." 
C hurch School fo r A ll Ages 9:45 a.m . 

ST. JOHN’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

N orthw est Son Antonio, 
IU Cloudcroft at Bandera Rd. 
Telephone: 433-7639 
Rev. Albert M erubia, Pastor 

S U N D A Y 
E a rly W orship S e rvice 8:3o a m 
C hurch 
School classes fo r a ll ages, 9:3o a rn 
M o rn in g W orship S e rvice 1o:5o a rn. 

SU N D A Y 
S u nrise S e rvice 6:3o A .M . E a rly 
W o rs h ip 
S e rv ic e 
8 :3 o 
A .M . 
R e g u la r M o rn in g W o rs h ip S e r­ vice IO: 5o A.M . Coffee and donuts w ill be s e rv e d a f te r 6 :3 o a .m . 
S e rvice. No yo u th a c tiv itie s th is ! 
East Sunday. 

You a re c o rd ia lly in v ite d to w o r­ ship w ith us. 
N U R S E R Y P R O ­ 
V ID E D FOR A L L S E R V IC E S . 

TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
23o E- Travis St. 
Phone: 226 8341 
M IN IS T E R : D r. Ralph K. Seiler 

You a re w e lcom e to San Anto- nio's G rea t dow ntow n M e th o d ist 
C hurch located in the h e a rt ot the c ity fo r 
13o years. 
O nly m inutes aw ay bv E xp re ssw a ys and F R E E P A R K IN G a cro ss the street. 
6:3o A M. — E a ste r S unrise Ser­ vice Roof of San A n to n io B ank 8, 
T ru st G arage. 
W O R S H IP S E R V IC E S a t 8 :3 o 
A M. — 1o:5o A .M . and 7:oo P M 
D r. R alph H. S e lle r p re a ch in g at 
1o.5o A M. ON "God's Love And 
Pow er." 
9:3o A M. C h u rch School Classes fo r a ll ages. 
7:oo P.M . E ve ning W orship. Rev. 
Sid S pain p re a c h in g on “ R esu r­ rection Faith." 

N a z a r e n e 

HATFIELD 
CHURCH OF 
THE NAZARENE 

4515 S. Flores 
E .E . Rhodes, Postor 
J.W . C antrell, Associate 

Sundav S e rvices S undav School 
9:45 a .m .: 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
IO: SO a m . 
(C h ild re n 's W o rsh ip 
Service — 4 y rs. th ru the 4th g ra d e ). 
Y o uth 
S ervices 
6:oo a m .. E ve n in g S e rvice 7:oo o.m . 
W ednesday P ro v e r M eeting, 7:3o p.m. 
(M is s io n a ry 
M eeting la st 
W ednesday of m o n th ). 
N u rs e ry is ooen fo r a il re g u la r services, 

•A C H U R C H W H E R E E V E R Y ­ 
BO DY IS W E LC O M E - NO B IG 
SHOTS, 
NO 
U N IM P O R T A N T 
P E O P LE . 

Non Denominational 

THE LITTLE 
CHURCH OF 
LA VILLITA 

Non-Denom inational 
5o8 V illita St. 
Rev. O avid W. Edmunds, 
Pastor 

Sunday W o rsh ip S e rvice 
— l l a m . 
Sundoy E ve n in g S e rvice —6 p.m . 
M id-w eek 
H e a lin g and 
P ra y e r 
Services. W ednesday n ig h t 7:3o p m . 
Thu rsda y m o rn in g l l o o a .m . 

P r e s b y t e r i a n 

C hu rch e s 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
62o1 Broadway 
Newton P. Cox, Jr. 
M inister 
Phone: 824-o271 

E a s te r S u n d a v , A p r il 1oth 
11:oo A M . C e le b ra tio n o f th e 
R e s u rre c tio n of o u r L o rd and 
E a s te r S e rm o n , "R E S U R R E C ­ 
T IO N 
F O R 
R E A L " 
- 
T h e 
R everend N ew ton P. Cox, J r., pre a ch in g . 

FAITH' 
CUMBERLAND 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
7815 Oakton D r. 
(Beside Lee High School) 
Phone 
342-616o 
Rev. R. E a rl W illoughby, 
M inister 
W HO SO E V E R W IL L M A Y 
CO M E 
Sundav School 9:45 a rn 
W orship S e rvice 11 OO a m 
C .P .Y .F . Y outh G ro u p 6.3o p rn. 
MADISON 
SQUARE 
UNITED 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH U.S.A. 
319 Camden at Lexington 
Phone. 226-6254 
W illiam P. Lytle D D., Postor 
Edwin Rieke, O M A. 
O rganist. C hoirm aster 
Loren Stenberg 
Assistant in Christian 
Education 
9:3o a m 
C h u rch School. 11:oo a rn 
W orship S ervice. 
N u rs e ry provided. 
'•5:oo P.M . C h o riste rs 
5:3o 
P.M . 
Senior 
H igh 
Y outh 
G roup 
5:45 P.M . J r. H igh Y outh G rou p 
C h ild re n 's C enter 226-192o 
(W eekdays 6 3o a rn. 6:oo o .m .) 

NORTHWOOD 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
518 P ike P lace 
824-7238 
W orship S e rvice, l l a rn 
’ C h urch School, 9:45 a rn. 
E A S T E R S U N D A Y 
Two se rvice s 8:3o a rn and 11:oo a . m . j- Rev. D onnie F a u lk. 

S e rm o n : " T h e D u ra b ility a n d 
Hope of The C h ris tia n F a ith ." 

ST. ANDREW 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
8231 C allaghan Rd. 
(N e a r I-IO at 41o) 
M inister, W illiam C. Mounts 
C h urch School - 9:3o A.M 
W orship S e rvice - 11 oo A M. 
E a rly L e a rn in g C enter Ages 2, 3 and 4 M on .-F ri. 9 a .rn .-12 noon' 

BEACON HILL 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
HOI West Woodlawn 
733-7169 
M inister: Rev. Joe M . Owen 
Sundav School 9:45 a m 
W orship S e rvice l l :oo a m. 

CHURCH OF 
TRUTH 
A m em b er C h u rch ot R e lig ious 
Science Los A ngeles. C a lifo rn ia 
Dr. 
E rn e st 
H olm es. 
F o u n d e r. 
D uolisher of th e Science of M in d 
M agazine. 
S undays. 
IO 45 a.rn 
Services. 1o:oo a rn. 'W o rd of the 
Week. 
Classes on m e ta p h ysics and p ra c tic a l C h ris tia n ity 
1o:oo a.m . Junior C h u rch classes (ah school g ra d e s) 
C h ild core fa cilitie s. 
D r. 
A u d re y 
H a nger. 
M in iste r 
(824 7451). 
San 
P e dro 
Playhouse, 
Son 
A n to n io 
P o rk. 
(D ia l o 
B lessing, a re co rd e d m ed ita tio n 
828-5581). 
W A R M 
W E LC O M E A W A IT S YOU Sun day m o m m a 

Seventh-Day Adventist, 

LAUREL 
HEIGHTS 
SEVENTH DAY 
ADVENTIST ‘ 
CHURCH 

7o3 West Ashby Pl 
(opposite San Pedro P a rk ) 
732-6898 
Robert wood, Postor 
David Evans, Associate Pastor 
S a turday 
S ervices. 
Sabbath 
School 9.3o a.m . D e vine W orship l l OO a m. Y outh M e eting I H r. oefore sunset P ro v e r M eeting. 
W ednesday 
7:3o o.m . 
D o rca s 
W elfare Society 
Tuesday 
1o:oo a m. Sundov A M 
VO IC E OF P R O P H E C Y 
K K Y X . 

United Church of Christ 
' 

COVENANT 
PRESBYTERIAN 
211 Roleto & N.W . Loop 41o 
(A t Honeysuckle exit) 
Edwin W althall, Pastor 
Phone: 342-5253 

8:3o A .M . M o rn in g W o rsh ip 9:3o a m . E a ster C e lebration . 
1o:45 a.m . 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
S ervice 

ST. MATTHEW ’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
2738 Bitters Road 
656-125o 
(Between Nacogdoches and B roadw ay) 
The Rev. M al Hierholzer, 
M inister 
The Rev. W inn Alley, 
Intern M inister 
S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
(N u rs e ry A v a ila b le fo r A ll Sun­ dav E ve nts) 
8 :3 o a .m . E A R L Y S E R V IC E 
9 3o o.m . C h u rch School (A L L 
AG ES) 
,o:5o a.m . 
P R IN C IP A L S E R V ­ 
ICE 

R E G U L A R A C T IV IT IE S I N ­ 
C L U D E : C h u rch S chool C lasses and C hoirs to r a ll ages, sin gles, senior citizens, and esp e ica llv 
YO U TH. 

WOODLAWN 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

17o1 West Woodlawn Ave. 
Senior Pastor: 
Rev. Paul A Grout Q. 
Associate Pastor: 
D r. E lm er J. Hierholzer 
Lay Pastoral Visitors: M r. Bob 
Hasbrook, M r. C arroll Sigmon 

SU N D AY & R V IC E S : 
Sundav W orship 9 A.M . 
New Lockhill Elem entary School 
Cafetorium 
5o5o De Zavala Rd. 
Second Service 1o:5o A.M . 
17o) W. Woodlawn 
U .M .Y . Each Sunday 4 to 6 P .M . 
5o84 De Zavala Rd. 

CHRIST 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
(Unaffililated) 
544o Vance Jackson Rd. 
IV* miles N orth of Loop 41o on Vance Jackson 
Rev. J. G rant M cM illan, Pastor 

C h urch 
School, 
1o:oo o.m . 
W orship S e rvice, l l a m ., 7:oo p.m . 
M idw eek 
S e rvices 
W ed­ nesday 7:3o. 
We a re co n s e rv a tiv e , e va n g e l­ ica l and autonom ous, h a vin g no connection w ith the N a tional or 
W orld C ouncil of C hurches. We hold to the h is to ric P re s b y te ria n belief th a t the B ible is the in ­ sp ire d W ord on God and the only in fa llib le ru le of fa ith and p ra c ­ tice. 
O ur c h u rc h o tte rs a s p iritu a l hom e to o il w ho de sire to hea r the w o rd of God w ith o u t com prom ise. 

FIRST 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
North Alam o ond Fourth Sts. 

M IN IS T E R S . 
Louis H. Zbinden Jr. 
R ichard G. Ryan 
Robert H. Bullock, H .R ., Teaching 
M inister. 
George M auze 

M inister-E m eritus 
D r. Bess Hieronym us, 
Orqanist-Choir D irector 

E A S T E R S U N D A Y : W o rs h io 
8:3o a.m . and l l o.m ., id e n tica l services of w o rs h ip ; P rocession­ al by the c h o irs ; serm o n bv D r. 
Z binden A NE W L IF E ; C offee 
F ellow ship H o ur fo llo w in g eleven o clo ck w o rs h ip in M cC u llo u g h 
Room ; N u rse ry and C hild C are 
-.during w o rsh ip ond study h o u rs; 
9:3o a.m . School o r the C h u rch ; 
No youth m eetings. 
W E D N E S D A Y : 5:3o p.m . M e e t­ ing of the new ly elected eld e rs ond deacons. 
T H U R S D A Y : 
7:15 a.m . P ro v e r 
B re a kfa st to r men. 

KOREAN 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH or 
CONGREGATION: 
» WON JOON L IM , Pastor: 
S U N D A Y : W o rs h ip in G u th rie - 
B r v e n t C h apel of F irs t P re s b y ­ te ria n C hurch. N o rth A la m o and 
F ou rth Sts., led bv the Rev. M r., 
L im : 
T U E S D A Y A N D W E D N E S D A Y e v e n in g s 7 p .m . B ib le s tu d y : 
TH U R S D A Y I p.m . B ible S tudy: 
F or fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n and loca­ tion of Bible study call Rev. L im at 826-4992. 

T h e U n ite d C h u rc h o f C h r is t c o n tin u e s th e m in is tr ie s o f th e 
C o n g r e g a tio n a l 
C h r is tia n 
C h u rc h e s a n d th e E v a n g e lic a l' and R eform ed C h u rch Since 1957. 

BETHANY 
611 E. M yr*le St at N 

Kendall (6 Blocks 
North of IH-3S 

 between McCullough 
& St. M a ry 's ) 
226-2655 

Rev. John B. Culver, pastor 
W orship. 
1o:45 o.m 
C h urch 
School 
9:3o a m 
A d u lt 
B ible 
Closs, 9.3o a m. 

COMMUNITY 
443 Hunnicutt D r. (W .W . White 
Rd., Loop 13, at IH1o) 
333-16o3 
Rev. Thomos N. W ord 
Worship, 1o:3o o.m . 

PILGRIM CON­ 
GREGATIONAL 
5oo Pilgrim Dr. (7 Blocks South of L ood 41o, I block West of 
Vance Jackson) 
342-6o34 
Rev. A rthur W. Stark, pastor 
Sundav 
School, 
9 45 
D ivin e 
W orship S e rvice 11: OO a m. 

Affiliated with Unity 
School — Silent U n ity - 
Daily W ord M agazine 
Sundav se rvice s l l a.m . at 1/23 
Law ndale 
D r. 
(W est 
6tf 
81oo' 
B ro a d w a y). Sunday School 9 3o a.m .. 
A d u lt 
Class 
9:3o a.m . 
M editation 
1o:35 a m . 
Y o uth 
Class l l a m . 
T h u rsd a y. T ru th 
Class 1o:3o a rn. O ffice open IO to 
J 
M onday th ru 
Thu rsdo v 
824 
7351). 
N o rm a n O ison, 
M in is te r 
^B ulletin sent on request.) 

U n i t a r i a n 

FIRST 
UNITARIAN 
CHURCH 

8o7 B eryl D r. 
Phone; 344-4695 
C hurch School and nursery 
IO 3o O rn 
M orning Service 
.. 
IO 3o a rn 
M in is te r: Rev. Rolfe G e rh a rd t 

'S erm on: 
"TW O 
V IE W S 
OF 
JESUS." 

W e s l e y a n C h u r c h 

WESLEYAN 
CHURCH 
391o West Avenue 
344-6393 
Edw ard D. Angelic Postor 
M ike W alters, Youth Postor 
Sundav: C hurch School 9 45 a .rn 
W orship S ervice 11:oo a rn. 
Evening S e rvice 7:oo D.m 
W ednesday, B ib le Studv and 
P ro v e r 7: 3o p.m . 

Church Directory 
On Next Page 

 r n 

For further information on churches listed below — see ads appearing on this page 

Church of Castle Hills 
214 Roieta 

Gospel Assembly 
417 Catalina 
First Assembly of God 
83o S E. Military Dr. 
Oak Meadow Assembly of 
God 
2714 Hunters Green 
Glad Tidings Assembly of 
God' 
2143 So. W W . While Rd. 

Primitive Boptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 
Castle Hills First Baptist 
222o N.W, Military Hwy. 
Crestview Baptist 
Walzem at Eaglecrest 
Eisenhower Rd. Baptist 
395o Eisenhauer Rd. 
First Boptist 
SIS McCullough 
Lackland Baptist 
2718 Frontier Dr. 
Northridge Park Baptist 
Chevy Chase & Eisenhauer 
Rd. 

Manor Baptist 
Manor Dr. at Meredit.i 
Northeast Baptist 
293o Bitters Rd 
Parkhilts Baptist 
14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Shearer Hills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 
University Park Baptist 
23o8 Cincinnati 
I Trinity Baptist 
319 E. Mulberry 
Grace Baptist Temple 
1928 Basse Rd. 
Huisache Avenue Baptist 
1339 W. Huisache Ave. 

Revival Temple 
131o Texas Ave. 
Calvary Chapel 
11o7 W. Hildebrand 
Alamo Heights Christian 
64oo Block N. New 
Braunfels 
Central Christian 
Mom Ave. at Romano 
Plaza 

Woodlawn Christian 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
First Church of 
Christ Scientist 
5o1 N. Alamo 
Second Church of 
Christ Scientist 
Magnolia — Belknap 
Third Church of 
Christ Scientist 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
First Church (Alamo 
Heights) of Christ Scientist 
1o4 Cloverleaf 
Beacon Hill Church of 
Christ 
937 w. Magnolia 
San Pedro Church of Christ 
311 Jackson Keller 
Jefferson Church of Christ 
7o2 Donaldson Ave 
Sunset Ridge Church of 
Christ 
Brees at Emporia 
Trinity Church 
875o Fourwinds 
Christ Episcopal Church 
Belknap at West Russell 
The Churcn of 
Reconciliation 
94o1 Starcrest 
Church of St. Stephen 
3726 S. New Braunfels at 
IH 37 
St. George Episcopal 
Church 
69o4 West Ave. at Military 
Hwy. 
St. Luke's Episcopal 
Corona & Devine Rd. 
St. Mark Episcopal Church 
3o7 E. Pecan 
St. Paul’s Episcopal 
Church 
1o18 E. Grayson 
Wayside Chapel 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ascension Lutheran 
1o6o Donaldson 
Bedel Lutheran 
2515 Austin Hwy. 
Grace Lutheran 
Avenue E at McCullough 
Christ Lutheran 
672o Broadway 
King of Kings Lutheran 
13888 Dreamwood 
Concordia Lutheran 
1826 Basse Rd. 
Hope Lutheran 
5714 Callaghan Rd. 
MacArthur Park Lutheran 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd. 
MI. Calvary Evangelical 
Lutheran Church 
3o8 Mount Calvary Dr. 
St. John Lutheran 
5o2 E. Nuevo St. 
St. Luke's Lutheran 
514 Santa Monica 
Redeemer Lutheran 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Alamo Heights Methodist 
51o1 Broadway 
Asbury United 
Methodist Churcn 
46o1 San Pedro 
Aldersgate United 
Methodist 
Kayton at Palmetto 
Colonial Hills 
United Methodist 
5247 Vance Jackson 
La Trinidad United 
Methodist 
San Fernando v Pecos 
Laurel Heights United 
Methodist 
227 West Woodlawn 
St. John’s United Methodist i l l Cloudcroft Dr. 
St. Matthew's United 
Methodist 
2738 Bitters Rd. 
Travis Park United 
Methodist 
23o East Travis 
Woodlawn United 
Methodist 
17o1 West Woodlawn 
Hatfield Church 
Of the Nazorene 
4515 S. Flores 
The Little Church of La 
Villita 
5o8 Villita 
Alamo Heights v 
Presbyterian 
62o1 Broadway 
Faith Cumberland 
Presbyterian Church 
7815 Oakton Dr. 
First Presbyterian 
North Alamo and Fourth 
Sts. 
Beacon Hill Presbyterian 
HOI West Woodlawn 
Covenant Presbyterian 
211 Roleto A N.W. Loop 41o 
Christ Presbyterian 
544o Vance Jackson Rd. 
Madison Square United 
Presbyterian 
319 Camden at Lexington 
Northwood Presbyterian 
515 Pike Place 
St. Andrew Presbyterian 
8231 Callaghan Rd. 
Laurel Heights 
Seventh Day Adventist 
2o3 Ashby Pi. 
Bethany United Church of 
Christ 
611 St. Myrtle St. 
Community United Church of Christ 
4443 Hunnicutt Dr. 
Pilgrim Congregational 
5oo Pilgrim Dr. 
Unify Church 
1723 Lawndale Dr. 
First Unitarian 
IH IO—Loop 41o at Beryl 
Rd. 
Wesleyan Church 
391o West Ave. 
Southeast Christian Church 
1545 Go h o d R d 
. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 

Jew s fo r J esu s w ill p erform 

JH’AN and M elissa M oskow itz practice for New Jerusalem pre­ sentation. 
Pope leads 
Cood Friday procession 

La Trinidad United 
Methodist Church will present a special Easter service program with a dramatic presentation by the 
New 
Jerusalem 
Players at 7 a.m. Sun­ day. 
The drama group has developed a unique 
Jewish-Christian street 

M ore 
Church 

 theater presentation in which they wear colorful costumes and use face m ake-up to draw attention to controversial issues. 
The New Jerusalem 
Players is one of the m obile evangelistic teams sent out by Jews for Jesu s to bring a 
Jewish message about 
Jesus to cities. 
The public is invited to attend the program at the church, 3oo San Fer­ nando St. 

CASTLE HILLS 
FIRST BAPTIST 
“ Living Witnesses — 
A Resurrection - Drama 
M usical” will be pre­ sented at 5 and 7 p.m. 
E aster Sunday at the church, 222o N.W. Mili­ tary Hwy. 

The program will be presented by the Praise 
The Lord Choir and Or­ chestra, under the direc­ tion of 
M alcolm 
A. 
Grainger. 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN 
E aster Sunrise se r­ vices will be conducted at the church, 13888 
Dreamwood Drive at 
1o:3o a.m. Sunday. 
Following the service a pancake and sausage breakfast will be served by the church youth groups. 

SHEPHERD OF THE 
HILLS LUTHERAN 
E aster Sunrise s e r­ vices will begin at 6:3o a.m . 
Sunday at the church, 6914 Wurzbach 
Road. An Easter break­ fast will be conducted at 
7:3o a.m., sponsored by the Senior Youth League. 
An 
E aster festival worship is scheduled for 
1o:3o a.m. Sunday. 

HARLANDALE 
PRESBYTERIAN 
Members of the Senior 
High Fellowship at the church will offer an 

VATICAN CITY (AP) 
— A shoeless Pope Paul 
VI, showing the pain of a chronic knee ailment, bent to kiss a crucifix in a solemn ceremony in St. 
Peter's Basilica Friday co m m em o ratin g the death of Christ. 
The 79-year-old pontiff, dressed in a red robe of mourning, took off his shoes and shed his mitre, ring and other sym­ bols of authority, then walked slowly to the cross in the most sorrowful liturgy in Roman Catholic worship. 
Later the Pope was to carry a wooden cross through Rome’s ancient pagan ruins in an out­ door way-of-the-cross procession, scheduled under rainy skies. 
The ceremony in St. 
P e t e r ’s b efo re 
23 cardinals, diplomats and 
1o,ooo worshipers was m o d if ie d s lig h tly , apparently because of 
Pope Paul’s painful knee ailment. 
The Pope did not walk into the basilica but was carried to a throne. As the crucifix was unveiled, the Pope sank painfully to his knees on a pillow, supported on each side by assistants. 
T h e w o r s h ip e r s g a th e re d under 
St. 
Peter’s vaults for the solemn chanting of the 
Gospel account of the passion and death of 
Christ and the rite of the adoration of the cross. 
A fter the 
Gospel, 
Father Ilarino of Milan, a 

C apuchin fria r and preacher of the papal household, delivered a s e r m o n aim ed a t contemporary evils. 
He declared that the 
Church wasn’t in crisis, only some of its faithful including priests who have left the Church suf­ fering “crises of identity and culture.’’ 

I 

ALAM O HEIGHTS 

M E T H O D IS T C H U R C H 

51o1 Broadway 

Celebrate Easter with us! 
Three Morning Worship Services 
8:3o . . . 9:3o. . . 1o:55 

G reat Music by the Choirs 
Dr. Calvin VV. Froehner, Pastor, Preaching 
NO MORE C R Y IN G -N O MORE 
TEARS! 

<+mL 

I. 
AM 
< 1 

 r n 

Easter sunrise service at 
3 a.m. Sunday in the church courtyard. 
The congregation's re­ gular indoor Easter ser­ vice will begin at ll a m. 
Sunday in the church sanctuary, located at 
163o Pleasanton Road. 

ST. ANN’S CATHOLIC 
The youth of St. Ann’s parish will present a sunrise Easter service at 
5:3o a.m. Sunday. The theme, “The Awakening 
Christ: A Breath of New' 
Life,’’ will include a song and slide presentation. 
The public is invited to attend the Mass at the church, 21o St. Ann St. 

GRACE 
PRESBYTERIAN 
The choirs of the church will sing “ No 
Greater Love,” a contata by John Peterson, during the Easter worship ser­ vices at 8:3o and ll a.m. 
Sunday. 
Soloists will be Velma 
Jones, V irginia Ford, 
Justin Jones and Scott 
Schmidt. The music di­ rector is Cecil Morris and organist is Karen Hoppe. 
Grace Church is locat­ e d at 95o Donaldson Ave. 

TRINITY NON­ 
DENOMINATIONAL 
The church’s evening worship services at 6 and 
8:3o p.m. will include 
John Peterson’s musical, 
“ Love and Kindness.” 
The program will be ! conducted in the church 

NEW UFI CENTER 

POSITIVE THINKING A T ITS BEST 

Sunday, April IO 
Adult Sunday School 
Church Services 
1o:oo A.M. 
11:oo A.M. 
JESUS LOVES—JESUS LIVES 

(Nursery provided) 
Koan EXECUTIVE CENTER 
(41o & Babcock) 
Suite 25o 
For inform ation call 734-o511 
M em ber In tern atio n al N ew Thought Alliance 

 w m m m 
Anne Kunath 
. Minister 

4242 Piedras Dr 

DISTRESSED 
““CARE 
226-4443 

CELEBRA TE EASTER 
W ITH US 

8 :3o A.M. Sam Sowder 
1o:4o A.M. Dr. Barbee 
"IIc Is Risen” 
7 :oo P.M. Dr. Gene McCombs 

Dr. John D. Barbee 

PARKHILLS BAPTIST 

14o15 San Pedro 

Nursery Available All Services 

I i fgf 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

ATTEND EASTER SERVICES AT A 
UNITED METHODIST CHURCH 

S A N A N T O N IO C H U R C H E S 

NORTHWEST 

NORTHEAST 

Alamo Heights 
Albright 
Bethany 
East St. Paul 
Grace 
Northern Hills 
St. Andrew's 
St. M atthew’s 
Windcrest 

51o1 Broadway 
5 8 o o E. Midcrown 
4 1 o 2 Eisenhauer 
21 I Lockhart 
I I 22 S. W .W . W hite 
1 4 2 o 7 Higgins Rd. 
7 2 2 Robinhood 
2 7 3 8 Bitters Rd. 
81o1 Midcrown 

Asbury 
Coker 
Colonial Hills 
El Buen Pastor 
El Divino Salvador 
Jefferson 
Jones Chapel 
Laurel Heights 

46 o1 San Pedro 
231 E. North Loop Rd. 
5 2 4 7 Vance Jackson 
3 2 2 5 Poplar 
2 1 1 5 Buena Vista 
7 5 8 Donaldson 
3 5 o 7 N. Main 
2 2 7 W . W oodlawn 
Los Angeles Heights 8 o 2 Catalina 

SOUTHEAST 

Aldersgate 
El Me sics 
Epworth 
Faith 
Highland Terrace 
Jacob's Chapel 
La Trinidad 
McKinley Avenue 
Palm Heights 
St. Paul 
Travis Park 
Union Memorial 

Atascosa: 
Rector Memorial 
Bracken 
Charlotte 
Christine 
Dewville 

5 o 2 Kayton 
8 2 5 Aransas 
571 8 Pecan Valley 
9 2 6 Linda Lou 
19 18 Steves 
4 o 6 S. Polaris 
3 o o San Fernando 
2 9 2 6 S. Presa 
21 I N . Park 
5 o 8 N . Center 
2 3 o E. Travis 
4 8 9 Lincolnshire 

Oxford 
St. John's 
St. M ark’s 
St. Stephen's 
Sanford Chapel 
Trinity 
Woodlawn 

5 3 3 5 Encino 
I I I Cloudcroft 
I 9 o 2 Vance Jackson 
5 7 o 5 Blanco 
9 o o Lombrano 
531 9 Newcom e 
17o1 W . W oodlawn 

SOUTHWEST 

Bethel 
Browning 
Chapel Hill 
Cokesbury 
Horlandale 
Pollard Memorial 
Principe de Paz 
Westlawn 

2 2 7 S. Acme 
3 2 3 1 W . G erald 
2 o 3 Evendale 
471 Gillette 
6 o 2 5 S. Flores 

14 1 5 Brady 
I 22 S. San Manuel 

 sanctuary, located at 
875o Fourwinds Drive. 

REDEEMER 
LUTHERAN 

The college choir of 
Concordia College at 
Austin will present a concert of church music at 7:3o p.m. Sunday at the church, 25o7 Fred­ ericksburg Road. 
Soloists and in stru ­ m entalists will be fea­ tured in the concert. The choir is under the direc­ tion of Harold Rutz, chairm an of the music departm ent at Concor­ dia. 

NEW LIFE CENTER 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
A special two-part pro­ gram on “ The Human 
Aura” will be presented by Joe Cardot Monday and 
Tuesday at the center, 4242 P iedras 
Drive East. 
Those attending will be taught how to see an aura and how to make an interpretation of what they perceive. For infor­ mation call the center at 
734-o511. 

CHRISTIAN 
BUSINESSMEN’S 
Terry Jones will be the featured speaker at the 
(BMC 
Business and 

Profesisional 
M en’s 
Breakfast at 8 a.m. April 
16. 
The breakfast will be held at Earl Abel’s. 

EASTER DAY 

M argarite B. Parker Chapel 
Trinity U niversity 
Morning Worship l l a.m. 

The Trinity Chapel Choir 
Claude Zetty, Director 

Timothy Pyron, Organist 

Brass Choir 

The Reverend Raymond Judd, Jr. 
Minister-In-Charge of the 
Margarita B. Parker Chapel 
Preaching 
“THE AFFIRMATION OF MAN” 

The Public Is Cordially Invited 

OTHER DISTRICT CHU RCHES 

Floresville 
Helotes 
Jourdanton 

K irby/W oodlake: 
Alamo 
Lakehills 

La Vernia 
Lytle 
New Braunfels 
O ak Island 
Pandora 

Parita 

Pleasanton 
Poteet 
Schertz 
Seguin: 
First 
W esley Harper 

Somerset 
Stockdale 
Universal City 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

THE CHURCH OFI 
CASTLE HILLS 

JOHN HAGEE 

Pastor 

9:3o A.M. 
Concepts of 
Kingdom Living 

1o:3o A.M. 
Easter Morning 
Worship 

Sunday evening 
6:oo P.M. 

Bible’s View of Abortion 

On Loop 4 1 o e t tx it 19 
Vt m il* W *» t a l Central Park 
A N ondenom inational 

Fellowship of 

Evangelical Believers 

CELEBRATION 

OF 

RESURRECTION LIFE 

1EASTER SUNDA Y. 1o:oo A.M. -12:oo NOON' 

THEATRE FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
HemisFair Plaza, Downtown 

"LE T RESURRECTION LIFE HAPPEN TO YOU" 
Allen Randolph, Pastor, Trinity Church 

THE TRINITY CHANCEL CHOIR 

INTERDENOMINATIONAL EASTER WORSHIP 
FOR PEOPLE OF ALL FAITHS 

{Child care provided for Pre-school Children) 

Sponsored bv: 
TRINITY CHURCH 

AN INTER-DENOMINATIONAL CONGREGATION OF BELIEVERS 

6:oo P.M. and 8:3o P.M. 
Trinity's Music Ministry' Presents: 
'‘Love A nd Kitidness 
. . .an unforgettable exfwrience of worship and commitment for choir and congregation 
COMPOSED BY JOHN PETERSON/DON WYRTZEN 
DIRECTED BY DON STOVER in the Sanctuary oj TRINITY CHURCH 
875o Fourwinds Dr. 
IH 35 at N.E. Loop 41o 

4The Funeral 
Has Been 
Cancelled99 

A.M. 
WORSHIP 
9 & l l 
SUNDAY 
SCHOOL 
IO 

EASTER SERVICES 
P.M. 
WORSHIP 
7 
SUNDAY 
SCHOOL 
7 

Concordia 
Lutheran Church 

1826 Basse Rd. 

Dr. Guido Merkens 
Pastor m 

( 

* 
$qn Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Saturday April 9 1977 

• E x clu siv e In terv iew ! • 
Paul McCartney jP * P 
Talks About His l ^ S y g 
Beatle Days And Now R ^ 2 H | 

It doesn't matter that the Beatles broke up years ago. Anytime any one 
WI ^ 
RF of them does anything, it's picked up I 
".‘ZlZ and reported. Now Paul McCartney talks for the first time about those Beatle days, about the fans and their adula­ tion for him, personal thoughts about himself, about his wife and his life in general — including all the money he 
DIDN'T make as a Beatle! Continues Daily in The News 

ROCKSPRINGS 

 tors in surgery. X-ray, laboratory and pharm acy worked 36 hours without sleep or even rest. 

'k'k it 

 force — all available doctors, medi­ cines, tents, clothing and food. 
They set up two big field kitchens and fed everyone who came. 
Kelly Field played a key role. 
But the medical story centered ar­ ound San Antonio. San Antonio doc­ tors, nurses. Red Cross workers, am­ bulance drivers, firemen and police­ men answered t he call. 
Key to saving the lives of the injured was three special hospital trains that ran from Uvalde to San Antonio. 
Other hospitals did much. But this was the brightest page in the history of} 
Santa Rosa Hospital. 
Many doctors and n urses of the 
Santa Rosa staff volunteered to go to the scene or joined other doctors and nurses in manning the hospital trains. 
Santa Rosa sent word it would strain every facility and take 25 of the badly injured. 
Santa Rosa 
Bv the time the third hospital train had arrived at m idnight Thursday night, m ore than IOO of the injured were in Santa Rosa. 
M other Presentation, head of the hospital, borrowed cots from the Army and set them up in the sisters|Com- munity room , the nurses recreation hall, in offices, in corridors and every available space a bed would fit. 
Many of the nurses worked 24 hours without rest with orderlies bringing them sandwiches and milk. 
A history of Santa Rosa reports sis- 

Bonnie and I were told story after story of people and towns in the area coming to the aid of Rocksprings. 
K errville — particularly with its medical facilities — Uvalde, Junction. 
Sonora, Brackettville and every small town in the area sprang to Rockspr­ ings’ help. 
The way ranchers all over the area cam e in and worked night and day was a symbol of those times. 
In Junction Philip Joseph sim ply opened the doors to his dry goods store and told those going to help Rockspr­ ings to get any clothing or bedding they could carry for the victims of the tornado. 
Junction replaced the Rocksprings water tower. The tower stands today on the same spot as the one destroyed by the storm. 
Easter egg hunt 

But Mrs. Claud Gilmer told the most moving story of all. 
“ Easter followed the tornado that year,” Mrs. Gilmer said. “ The women of Del Rio were determined that the child ren of su fferin g R ocksprings would not miss their Easter egg hunt. 
“ They dyed hundreds and hundreds of eggs and brought them here. 
“The children of Rocksprings had an 
Easter egg hunt that no one who wit­ nessed it could ever forget.” 

HAYWIRE 
It's tile story of the golden family that destroyed itself. 
They had all they could ever want .. and yet something went wrong. Don't miss the serialization of HAYWIRE 
Continues in the San Antonio Express 

A n d . . . in th e 
S an A n ton io S ta r 
Poison found in Texas tests of breast milk 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - Harvard Univer­ sity researchers report that four sam­ ples of mothers’ milk tested in Texas and Oregon contain traces of a super­ toxic industrial chemical — a poison the Environmental Protection Agency describes as “ perhaps the most toxic small molecule known to m an.” 
The chemical is called dioxin. It’s a m anufacturing impurity that often contam inates certain industrial pro­ ducts, including the widely used her­ bicide 2,4.5-T. The herbicide has been used in this country since 1948 on pasture lands and in national forests, along highw ays and power line rights-of-way, and on rice crops. 
Animals killed 
Scien tists have worried about the potential threat of dioxin since the early 197os, when laboratory studies showed animals were killed by a single dose of the chem ical in the several hundred parts per trillion range, lower than any other chemical ever tested. 
Dr. Matthew Meselson, chairman of the department of biochemistry and molecular biology at Harvard, said, if confirmed by further testing, the new findings would provide the first con­ crete evidence that dioxin from 2,4,5-T and possibly other sources may be ac­ cumulating in human tissues. 
If re se a rc h e rs repeat H arvard’s findings in a larger sample of women across the country, Meselson said, 
“ that would be cause for concern.” 
M eselson and other Harvard re ­ searchers tested the breast milk from 
18 women living in M issouri, Texas and Oregon, near areas where 2,4,5-T is routinely sprayed. 
According to a new chemical analy­ tic technique developed at Harvard, the breast milk from four women in 
Texas and Oregon appeared to contain dioxin at levels from o.6-1.6 parts per trillion (ppt). The levels translate to 
1o-4o ppt of dioxin in the milkfat, the researchers said. 
Texas samples 
Three of the breast milk sam ples, from T exa s, were collected by La 
Leche League, a national group that advocates breast feeding. The Oregon sample was prov ided by a member of 
Citizens Against Toxic Sprays. 
CATS is one of numerous environ­ mental groups across the nation that have sued the U.S. Forest Service in an effort to halt 2,4,5-T spraying in na­ tional forests. 
Five m ore women w ere tested in 
Boston, where the herbicide is not wi­ dely used. They did not have dioxin in their breast milk. Meselson said the 
Harvard findings have not been con­ firm ed by other lab oratories — re­ searchers used up all the milk samples 
— and he characterized them as preli­ minary. 
But the Harvard findings may add 

Radio was factor in 
747 crash 

CLAUDINE LONGET 

TAKES A NEW 

LOVER - HER 

TRIAL LAWYER! 

NEW PRORE DISCLOSES 
\2 ,o o o NEAR-CRASHES 
IN U.S. SKIES 
S T 
IN 1976 

DETROIT KILLER 
OF SEVEN KIDS 
VOWS TO 
STRIKE AGAIN <£ 

TOM JONES IN 
OSCAR NIGHT BRAWL 

> i i ^ ; r 
MEN'S FAMOUS 
T\ hH FdA 
/ n 
\ I K I I 
V 

STACY ADAMS 
FRENCH SHRINER 
PIERRE CARDIN 
/(A/D JUST ARRIVED VOLARE! 
ONLY. . . A 
V 
*27 

M A N Y 
STYLES! 

 a 

NRT!* 

SATURDAY 1o-9 & MONDAY 1o-9 

• 73oo SAN PEDRO 
• 694 S.W. MILITARY DRIVE • 4917 WALZEM ROAD 
(2 BLKS. SO. OF N.W. WOP 41o) (SHOPPERS CITY MAU ACROSS FROM SEARS) (ACROSS FROM WINDSOR PARK MAU) 
349-6634 
923-9837 
6S6-9881 shoe stores 

Saturday 
EXPRESS NEWS 
Tennis auction _______ serving founda don 
Scene 

April 9 1977 
Page 
I -C 

Some 2,ooo invitations have been mailed to the 
Cystic F ibrosis Tennis 
Auction Ball to be held at 7 p.m. 
Friday in Turtle 
Creek Country Club. Black tie is optional. 

The ball with its cocktails, dinner and dancing to the tunes of Kenny Fisher and The Right 
Combination, is the beginning of a three-day weekend of tennis. 

Highlight of the ball will be the auction, during which each guest will have the chance to bid on 16 tennis pros. Each winning bid­ der gets to name a man of his choice to play with the pro in a men’s doubles tournament April 
17 on the Turtle Creek courts. 
Each winning bidder will also 

 receive a prize valued at $3oo or more. Pros to be auctioned in a special event include Butch 
Newman, form er Trinity star and now a teaching pro in Dal­ las, and Freddy NcNair. cur- recently tanked in the top-IO doubles. 

Bidders 
The winning bidders in this special auction may select wo­ men to play with Newman or 
M cNair in a mixed doubles match April 17. 
Kayrene Shafer is chairman of the tennis weekend. 

Rosalee Jornayvas and Pressly 
Shafer are handling the tennis aspect of the weekend. Shafer and his wife Kayrene are ranked 
No. I in mixed doubles in Texas. 

The 16 pros they lined up in­ 

 clude Pancho W althall, Rob 
Hubbard, Vijay Amritraj, Derek 
Edmonds, Brad Nabors, Larry 
Gottfried, Reg Luttrell, Terry 
L u ttrell, Tony G iam m alv a, 
E rick 
Isk ersk y , 
Dennis 
McKeown, Scan Sorenson, Ri- chardo Eynaudi, John Pieken, 
Robert 
B e tta u e r and 
Ben 
McKown. 
Committee chairmen include 
Sharon T riesch. patrons and sDonsors: Mmes. Robert Marbut, decorations; Richard Halter, in­ vitations; H arry McEldowney and Ken Bentley, gifts. Honorary chairman of the Tennis Auction 
Ball is George Karl. 
Proceeds from the weekend will go to the Cystic Fibrosis 
Foundation for its research, me­ dical care and educational pro­ g ra m s. T his d isease is the 
Number I genetic killer of chil­ dren. 

CGotk*- CCtedt 
7 2 1 / «potruF^&d&id~ 
TWO BLOCKS SOUTH OF CENTRAL PARK MALL 
PIX NEWEST GRAND OPENING! 

MMES. RICHARD HALTER, KEN BENTLEY, HARRY MCELDOWNEY 
...Mrs. Robert Marbut, Mrs. Robert Triesch, Pressly Shafer plan auction 
Good morning 
San Antonio! 

JR. DRESS EASTER SPECIAL 

WASHABLE 
POLYESTER 
IN NAVY WITH 
WHITE TRIM 
SIZE 5 TO I 3 
REG. $3o.oo 
NOW 

The pea soup, corned beef sand­ wiches, chicken and dumplings on 
Thursday and cheesecake are still the fav o rites, says 
David 
M enger, manager of the deli and an old family friend. 
Menger, who has been at Schilo’s for seven years, is an observer of San 
Antonio’s resistance to updating the restaurant which is dark, noisey and an obvious melting pot for the “ regulars” 
(downtown business people who lunch there often) and the tourists. 
“ We started making a few changes, such as the windows out front,” notes 
Monger, “ and people got mad. So we decided to just leave things alone. 
“ I think that’s the key to the res­ taurant’s survival— its atmosphere.” 
One change that has been welcomed, however, is the addition of breakfast! 
Schilo’s just started serving break­ fast the first of the year and is now open from 7 to ll a.m. for breakfast and until 
6 p.m. for lunch and dinner. 
The first thing to catch my eye on the breakfast menu was, of course, the bagel ($2.5o). Mine was a bit tough but was flavored with caraway seeds, split and heated and filled with cream cheese and thin slices of the smoked salmon. 
I’ve also had an omelet which was generously filled with ham and served with toast or biscuits for $2.25. 

Bratwurst 

Menger says that besides the tourists that happen to drop in, people come from Austin, Houston and Dallas—just to buy the cheesecake. (A whole one sells for $8.4o.) 

Beer cake 

“ We don’t make the dark bread our­ selves.” he notes, “ but we do make the cheesecake, apple streudel and sa u e rk ra u t and beer (chocolate) cake.” 

“ Everything, including soups and 
•salads, is from old recipes like we’ve been making for years.” 

Prices seem reasonable, with daily hot plates ranging from $1.95 to $2.45. 
Most sandwiches are under $2, and combination plates (soup, salad, sand­ wich) start at $3.75. 

Specialty items on the menu include h e rrin g , sa rd in e s and im ported cheeses. 

And take-home items include cookies from Germany ( “ expensive but deli­ cious” ), caviar, smoked oysters and candies. 

While you’re there, though, soak up some of the a tm o s p h e re — the 
1oo-year-old back bar, the Blatz sign from Old Heidelberg, and pictures of 
Fritz Schilo and his son Edgar, whose children are the current owners. 

My husband ordered Fritz’s Favorite 
($2.75). He had a choice of bratwurst, smoki brat or Polish sausage along with two eggs, hash browns or grits, toast or biscuits, juice or coffee. 
Also on the menu are Huevos Ran- 

"The building was never designed to be a restaurant,” notes Menger. “ It was the Mayos Money Exchange and you can see on the tile floor where the tellers’ windows used to be. Our cooler was a bank vault.” 

If the prospect of lox and ba­ g els and cream cheese for breakfast isn’t an eye-opener, then you need a second cup of coffee. 
Now that you’re awake, read on. 
I had such a breakfast this week at 
Schilo’s, San Antonio's downtown deli 
“ where the good times are.” 
Located in a century-old building at 
424 E. Commerce St., Schilo’s looks like people have been going there to have split pea soup and dark rye bread since the 192os. 
And they have! 

“ Papa” Fritz Schilo opened the de­ licatessen in 1917 when Prohibition in­ truded on his saloon business. 

Three generations later, the location has changed several times, but the menu is much the same. 

Favorites 

AT 4917 W A L Z E M R O A D 
( a c r o s s f r o m w i n d s o r p a r k m a l l ) 
WITH A STOCK OF TH O U SAND S OF M IN S & W O M E N S FAM O US BRAND SHOES 

B* Jane llb rieh 

 cheros ($1.85) and breakfast regulars like pancakes and French toast. 

What a way to start the day! And there’s a bonus. Somewhere between your ear and the restaurant’s front door, you’ll get a glimpse of the River 
Walk area the way conventioneers see it. 

Early birds will see a part of Old San 
Antonio from a new perspective—fresh and clean, unpeopled and very quiet. 
By lunch time, however, the town will be buzzing with activity—and so will Schilo’s. 

Where to go 
What to eat 

’ a g e 
2 - C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 

MRS. H. C. KNOWLTON AND MARIA KNOWLTON 
...hanging pinatas for Spring Fiesta Thursday 

PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 
Church sets fiesta 

Women of St. Paul's Episcopal Church will have its annual Spring Fiesta Thursday in the church parish hall. 
The day will begin at 1o:3o a m. with a games party, followed by a luncheon and fashion show. 
Modeling fashions from the Fashion Shoppe will be Julie Steves, 1976 Queen of the Order of 
The Alamo. Two Order of the Alamo du­ 

 chesses, Shannon Lee Gilliland and Jocelyn 
Emilie Straus Selig, also will model. 

Other “ royalty” guests include King Antonio 
LIV. Jack Lewis Jr., and Bradford Breuer, president of the Order of the Alamo. 

Reservations must be made by Monday. 
Mrs. Nell Chedester and Mrs. Morgia Graham are reservations chairmen. 

Raising a delinquent 

(Romani Shop 

Half and large Silt fashion* 

IS ACCEPTIN G A PP L IC A T IO N S FOR 
STORE M A N A G ER S 

WE ARE A GROWING CHAIN OF SPECIALTY SHOPS FOR 

HALF AND LARGE SIZE WOMANS WEAR. THIS IS A 

CAREER 
OPPORTUNITY 
FOR 
THE 
QUALIFIED 
IN­ 

DIVIDUAL. STORE MANAGEMENT, BUYING OR RELATED 

EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. SEND RESUME TO: 

M R. G A R Y COPPEDGE 
1616 N. M A IN AVE. 
S A N A N T O N IO , TEXAS 7821 2 

O R CALL 225-4161 

PTA Calendar 

TUESDAY p.m. SAM HOUS- 
7:3ft p.m . SHENAN- 

7:3o p.m. SAM HOUS- DOAH ELEM EN TA RY 

TON CHEROKEE BOOS- SCHOOL PTA, in the 

TER CLUB, in building cafetorium. Mrs. Betty one cafeteria. Plans for Detmer will present a the May 4 sports banquet report on TV violence, will be made. 
New officers will be 

7:3o p.m . GARNER elected. 

MIDDLE SCHOOL PTA, at the school. 
New- officers will be installed. 
Choir will present the program. 

7:3o p.m . W ILL W. 
JACKSON 
M IDDLE 

SCHOOL PTA, in the cafetorium . 
Jack son choirs will present the program , directed by 
Mrs. Ann Keego. 

Dear Ann Landers: A long time ago you printed 
12 Rules for Raising De­ linquent 
Children. 
I didn't pay much atten­ tion way back then be­ cause I had three small children who showed no sign of going wrong. 
Today, I think k have a couple of hooligans on my hands, and one “ pos­ sible.” 
How about a repeat, 
Ann? Now, as I look back, those rules were probably Landers at her best. — Flagstaff Mother 

Dear Mother: The 12 
Rules for Raising Delin­ quent Children were not original with me. They were sent by a reader who credited the Houston 
Police Department. 
I am pleased to rerun them for you — and for others who may not have seen them the first time around. 
Rules 

1. Begin with infancy to give the child everything he wants. He will then grow up to believe the world owes him a living. 
2. When he picks up bad words, laugh. This will make him think he’s cute. 
It will also encourage him to pick up cuter phrases that will blow off the top of your head later. 

3. Never give him any religious training. Wait until he is 21 and then let him decide for himself. 
(Don't, be surprised if he decides to be “ nothing.” ) 

4. Avoid the use of the word “ wrong.” It might develop a guilt complex. 
This will condition him to believe later, wiien he is arrested for shoplifting or stealing a car, that society is against him and he is being persecut­ ed. 

5. Pick up everything he leaves lying around — 
Junior League names members 

Junior League of San 
Antonio has invited 46 young women to become provisional m em bers. 

 orwuujSitop 

 m u J 
I jnmumM** C S V 
A rn jmijP L l a wm jp 
* 
Half and large Size fashions 

SIZES 38 to 46 
The leisure look of separates 

 bv MR. ALEX (division of Alex Colman) 

New' tops teamed with pants, so relaxed, you're likely to spend all your leisure hours in them. Left, striped T- top in brown/white of polyes­ ter/cotton. 819, stitched crease pant in brow n or w hite polyester, 819. Right, leno handkerchief top with embroid­ ered acenets in white/brow n of polvester/silk, 824 

O RDER BV MAIL OR PHONE 223-4161 
Add .V v Tax and 1,5o for Handling 

 his books, shoes and clothing. Do everything for him so he will become experienced in throwing all responsibility on others. 
6. Let him read anv printed matter he can lay his little hands on. Make sure the silverware and glasses are sterilized but allow his mind to feast on garbage. 
7. 
Have plenty of knock-down, drag-out fights in the presence of your children. Then, after you are divorced, they will not be su r­ prised. 
8. Give the child all the spending money he wants. Never let him earn his own. Why should 
HE have things as tough as YOU had them? 
9. 
Satisfy his every 

Ann 

(Landers 

 craving for food, drink and comfort. See to it that every sensual desire is gratified. 
Childhood should be FUN! Denial m ay lead to harmful frustration. 

,1o. 
Take his part against neighbors, play­ mates, friends, teachers and policemen. They are all prejudiced against your child. 
11. When he gets into real trouble apologize for yourself by saying, “ I never could do a thing with him.” 
, 

12. Prepare for a life of grief. You are apt to have it. 
Perfectionist 

Dear Ann: This letter is being writen by four picked-on kids. 
The problem is our mother. 
She is a nutty perfection­ ist. 
From m orning till night all we hear is, 
‘ ‘ Hang up your coats! 
Turn off the lights! Clean 

 b ath tub! your clothes out the 
Straighten closets!” 
It’s nag, nag, nag from morning til night. Any suggestions or. how to get her off our backs? — The 
Quads In Rock Island 

Dear Rocks: Yes. Hang up your coats. Turn off the lights. Clean out the bathtub and straighten your clothes closets. 
There is a big differ­ ence between cold and cool. Ann Landers shows you how to play it cool without freezing people out in her booklet, ‘ 
‘ ‘Teen-Age Sex — IO 
Ways to Cool It.” Send 5o cents in coin and a long, self-addressed stamped envelope to Ann Landers, care of the Express, Box- 
2171, San Antonio, Tex., 
78297. 

For a year they will study how to participate effec­ tively in the community through education and volunteer serv ice. 

Mrs. William Wyatt 
J r ., provisional ch air­ man, is in charge of planning and leading the provisional course. She will be assisted by Mrs. 
John Younger and Miss 
Pat Vigeon. 

Provisionals are 
M isses 
Peggy 
Lee 
Becker, Susan Kearney 
Block, 
B arb ara 
Ann 
Braym en, 
Frances 
Cham berlain, Carolyn 
Creamer, Carol Davis, 
Sharon A. Gilliland, Gail 
Harwood, Sally Holland, 
Nell Herff, Adele Huey, 
Katie Keller, Carolyn 
Mueller, Winifred Reser, 
Josephine Thompson, 
Karen Marie Watts and 
Sally Theresa Wolf. 

Additionally, Mmes. 
James Alcorn, Alexander 
Tedford Barclay III, Gal­ loway Calhoun Bobbitt, 
Richard Danysh, John 
Herff Drought, Lawrence 
H. Gerhard Jr., George 
B. Grieder, Robert Huth- nance, Jerry Kerr, Tho­ mas M. Kocurek, Charles 
D. Lutz IIL 

Also, Mmes. Matthew 
Casey McCarty, Thomas 
Marehbanks 
III, 
Jean 
Mauze III, C. Wayne 
Moore, Roger A. Paynter 
Jr., John Reynolds, John 
Russell, Frank Sammis, 
Clint Sayers, Peter Selig, 
Paxton 
Smith, 
Paul 
Snow, 
Lawrence 
B. 
Swayze, Kenneth Wilson 
Thomas, 
Michael 
Thompson, Michael Ven son, Terry Lee Wells and 
James Clinton Worth. 

The Junior League will hold its general meeting at 9:3o a.m. Friday in the 
Bright Shawl. The Rev. 
David P. Comegys will speak. 

New officers of the 
Junior League include 
Mmes. Myron Chrisman, president; Kenneth Key 
Hoffman, Austin Wright 
Moore and Corbin Lee 
Snow J r . , vice p resi­ dents; Jeffrey Paddock and Albert Steves IV, se­ cretaries; and Frederick 
C. Groos Jr., treasurer. 

Garden club to hold show 
Harlandale 
Garden 
Club will present a 
Flower Show at the Lewis 
Chatham Senior Center from 2 to 5 p.m. April 16. 
There will be a plant sale and a bake sale dur­ ing the show. 

IO A dditional C o m ic s 

* ll IN AN EXCLUSIVE ALL-NEW, HANDT, 
EASY-TO-BEAD EXPRESS-NEWS FORMAT! 

OUR NEW 
SUNDAY 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
COMIC 
BOOK! 

NOW COMING YOUR WAY 
EVERY SUNDAY! 

Starting Sunday, you'll be able to read your family's favorite Sunday. 
Express-News comics — PLUS TEN M O RE OF AM ERICA’S FAVORITE 
STRIPS — IN O N E HANDY G IAN T C O M IC BOOK! No more fumbling around for "the other comic section” . . . in the Express-News, ALL the comics are in our terrific new tabloid-size. 

PLUS! Enjoy Four Great Magazines 

And the latest international, national, local, and sports 
News. bbs msmmm 

> i M 
S i 

 u 
»...........I*..... 
... 

. - ■ ■ r f I a?' 
' t / pP •' % 
'y | s-. pii v 

I 
, 

Son Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Saturday April 9 1977 

Using symbols to be assertive 

Mrs. Walter Buzzini is ready for Fiesta in this three-piece print of cotton polyester from C ’lest’s modeled at the Bright Shawl 
Tearoom. 

" o w n ? " M S O ' . I Al ION Tlt.'KfI IN F O R M A T IO N 
BATTLE OF FLOWERS B A N D FESTIVAL 
AN D BATTLE OF FLOWERS PARADE 
TWO Of THE OUTSTANDING EVENTS Of FIESTA WEEKI!!! 
4oth ANNUAL BAND FESTIVAL 
“ JAZZ JUBILEE” 
THURSDAY, APRIL 2Ut 
Program......................7:oo P.M. 
T IC K ET S 
Box Seats.......................... S2.5o 
P re s s a n d O b s e r v a tio n 
Deck................................ $2 SO 
Reserved Seats.................. $2.oo 
General Admission 
$1.5o 
Students.......................... $ -75 
Children under 6 .................Free 
A L A M O S T A D IU M 

82nd ANNUAL PARADE 
WORLD OF FANTASY" 
FRIDAY, APRIL 22nd 
Vanguard Drill Teams... 12:1 S P M. 
Porode........................ 1:25 P.M. 
R E S E R V E D SE A T S 
Alamo Grandstands.. . . . $4.5o 
Cenotaph Choirs .. $3.25-$4.oo 
Pork Bleachers.. . . $3.oo-$3-5o 
Menger Bleachers 
$3.oo 
Postoffice Bleachers 
$2.5o 
Broadway Bleachers . . . . $2.5o 

TICKETS ON SALE IN THE MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM... 
A P R IL I I T H R U A P R IL 21 
MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY, 1o:oo A M. to 3:oo P.M. 
SATURDAY, APRIL 16,1o:oo A.M. to 1:oo P.M. 
LAST DAY 
B A N D F E S T IV A L 
THURSDAY, APRIL 21 
1o:oo A M TO I OO 
AFTER 6 oo P.M. AT ALAMO STADIUM 
LAST DAY: 
P A R A D E 
FRIDAY, APRIL 22 
TICKETS GO ON SALE AT THE MENGER HOTEL ENTRANCE AT 11:oo A M. 
TELEPHONE 2 2 5 -4 2 1 9 FOR TICKET ORDERS AN D 
IN FO RM ATION 

By JU LIU S FAST 

During business meet- ~ 

 ings at our firm. I've no­ ticed that when my boss gets very angry he 

 throws his glasses down on the table. Something about the action makes me very uneasy. What is the meaning of this gesture? 

The meaning is just what you said — that your boss is very angry. 
Throwing down a pair of glasses is very much like. stamping your foot or slamming your fist against a table. It ex­ presses anger and hosti­ lity. 
Eyeglasses have a cur­ ious symbolism in body language. For one thing, they fit so well into the 
“ Freudian pun” 
When you don’t see eye to eye with someone, you will often remove your glasses while you’re talking. It’s a subtle, un­ conscious way of getting the message across. 
A Manhattan optician, 
Dr. Alfred P. Poll, has been observing the things people do with their glasses, and he has drawn some interesting insights. 
According to Poll, the executive who removes his glasses in a meeting and folds them into his case may be signaling that the meeting is over. 
The boss who shakes his glasses instead of his finger at an erring su­ bordinate is tempering his rebuke. It would be stronger to use the finger alone. 
Boredom, Poll feels, is signaled by folding and unfolding glasses, just as someone without glasses signals boredom with a small, repetitive act, such as doodling with a pencil or tapping the fingers. 
Poll goes on: Bending the temple bar reveals agitation; touching both temple tips together is tension or stress; chew­ ing on the plastic temple end is nervousness. 
Pushing the glasses up on the forehead, accord­ ing to Poll, is a sign of honesty, hut pushing them down on the nose so that hou can look over them is equal to saying, 
“ You’re putting me on.” 

I live in the suburbs, 

 and our neighborhood is 

 mixed, about three­ quarters white and one-, quarter black. In fact, we have a black family next door. 
I like Bill, the husband, 

 and I think he likes me. 
We have a lot in common and seem to get along. 
But whenever we have 

 a conversation, I have the feeling that Bill just isn’t listening. Someone sug­ gested that our body lan­ guage may be different. 
Could this be true? 

This could be and usually is true. There are subtle differences in eye contact, looking time, and spatial requirements between blacks and whites. 
At Boston University, two psychologists, Mar­ ianne La France and 
Clara Mayo, used a hidden camera to film conversations between blacks and whites in order to discover these differences. 
One of the basic differ­ ences, they found, is that when whites are talking they tend to look away from the other person about half the time. 
When they’re listening, they look at him for much longer, about 85 percent of the time. 
Blacks, however, have a completely different pattern of eye contact. 
They tend to look at so­ meone much more when they’re talking. 
Drs. La France and 
May also point out that when two whites talk, one looks at the speaker to signal attention. Blacks do not look while listen­ ing — again a communi­ cation breakdown can take place. 
The white may feel the black isn’t listening, and the black may feel the white is staring at him too much. The result is the uncomfortable feeling you get when you’re talking to your neiehbor BilL 

A speaker usually comes across more ag­ gressively if his body language expresses confidence. 
A confident, assured man uses his hands com­ fortably to emphasize his words, stands erect, sug­ gesting assurance, and avoids touching his face, covering his mouth, scratching his head, or rubbing his nose — all gestures that betray un­ certainty. 
Body 
Language, 
Last in 
Series 

These are all the phy­ sical attributes of a strong position when you are presenting ideas. But the strongest position comes from certainty in your own presentation. 
If you are convinced that it is correct, your conviction will show through in your unconscious body lan­ guage. 
You mention some question about eye con­ tact, and this is an im­ portant key to approval and disapproval. 
Research at the Uni­ versity of California in 
Riverside by Dr. Stephen 
S. Fugito attempted to check out the generally accepted rule that when a person expects approval from someone he in­ creases his eye contact with that person. 
He found out that when you talk to someone, executive or fellow worker, you tend to look at him more, make eye 

 contact more often, if he approves than if he dis­ approves. 
When you talk to so­ meone who disapproves, you look at him less of­ ten, but the duration of each glance stays the same. But when you look at someone who approves of you, the duration of each glance increases throughout the conversation. 
Laughing 

My little girl Annie is 

 aggressive and outgoing with other children, but 
I ’ve noticed that when she plays alone she laughs a lot less. I wonder why this is and whether grown-ups also laugh more when they’re with other people. 

It’s logical that all of us would laugh more often when we’re with someone else. 
When we’re alone we would have to remember, read, or see something funny in order to laugh. 
But in interaction with another person there are many possibilities that can lead to laughter. 
The fact that Annie is aggressive means that she is more easily stimu­ lated by other children simply because she is able to meet them with­ out shyness. 
Garner PT A names officers 
Garner Middle School 
PTA has elected new of­ ficers. 
They include Mmes. 
Donald Hansen, presi­ dent; John Payne, vice president; 
Herbert 
Himes, recording secre­ tary; J. R. McKinney, corresponding secretary; and 
Robert 
Brown, t rea.su rer. 

I am a normally mild 

 person, and I find that 
I ’m very disturbed by all the aggression that I find around me. People at work, in my family, and even strangers in the street seem “ out to get you” ail the time. 
I’ve been very serious­ ly thinking of trying to find a more easygoing society and moving 

 there. Does the body lan­ guage of other societies indicate that any of them have no aggression? 

It would he hard to find a society without aggres­ sion Scientists aren’t in complete agreement about aggression in hu­ man behavior. It may be that every culture has some, though certainly there is less in some so­ cieties. 
Certainly, no anthropo­ logist has described a 

 society free of aggres­ sion. 
An interesting experi­ ment was reported in the 
Journal of Abnormal So­ cial Psychology by Ors. 
•I.E. Hokanson and S. 
Shelter to show, how important discharging aggression is to human beings. 
A group of students were intentionally an­ noyed, and their blood pressure rose drastically. 
They were then told that the man who had annoyed them would have to solve some prob­ lems under their gui­ dance. 
Half the men were told that if he made an error, they could signal it to him with an electric 

 shock. The other half could only activate a light for him to see. 
The blood pressure of the group who believed they were shocking the- man who had annoyed, them dropped to normal * rapidly. The pressure of’ the men who could only flash a light remained, high! 
Channeled, useful ag-» gression can improve a * society. The form your I question should take, the; form in which an answer would help you most, is, j 
What area in society can * 
I find where my own bot- * tied up aggression can be 
’usefully released? 

 fr) 1877. by Julius Fast R.prmlrd by i permission of M Evans and Co Dim . 

Celebrate 

 love is... 

. . . a little gold band. 

TMIUk) US o*1 on —SSKehUrwrwl r> 1*77 UM AnealM Tuna* 

Aggres essive 

We had a company 

 meeting recently and I presented a proposal. 
One of the bosses was all for it. But another disap­ proved. 
Afterward, I wondered 

 if I could have been more aggressive through the use of body language. I noticed that V had trouble keeping eye contact with the boss who disap­ proved. 

A 

DISTRESSED 

CAU C A R E 
226-4443 

 with us. . 

EASTER 
D inner 

Join us this Sunday, 
April IO, l l a.m. until IO p m. Select from our special 
Easter menu filled 

 with a variety of traditional and newly added 

 specialties for your holiday dining delight! 

V 
Reservations please phone: 
227-4392 
3oo Vt.'Travis tit Navarro J 

LOOK! 
LOOK! 

Fashion assets for spring fun 

The blouson and the split skirt are the winning team for 
Spring. Crisp separates from 
Breckenridge in blue polyes­ ter/cotton pin cord are per­ fect for warm weather fun. 
Two pocket blouson ... 39.oo. 
Split skirt ... 3o.oo. 
Worn with them: long sleeved madras shirt 
. . . 
26.oo. 
All in sizes 6-1 6. 

Frank Bros. 

\ 
I On Alam o Plaza— Central Park Mall 

W indsor Park Mall 

YES, 
ONLY... 

HURRY- 
ONE TIME 
OFFER... 
ON BOLTS 

THIS ASSORTMENT WAS SO 
FANTASTIC. . .W ESAID 
‘WE’LL TAKE IT ALL’!! 
WE KNOW YOU’RE GOING 
TO UKE IT TOO, BUT HURRY! 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

YARD, 
NOW! 

DON’T 
MISS 
ITI 

TOP WEIGHTS 
BOTTOM WEIGHTS 
5 o % POLYESTER 
5 o % COTTON 

 fabric warehouse a x r e n C X X JL X X - L ^ X 

 t i ll 
I 

9 3 8 B A N D E R A RD. 
I A H O I t A L h O R R i N G L I N T E R • F O I M I I V* I 
O R A N * R t O C 
1-35 AT E IS E N H A U E R RD. 
9 ,„9 

ROBERT M O RSE is the speaker for the rabbit “Stuffy” in 
“The First Easter Rabbit,” the anim ated musical special at 7:3o p.m. Saturday on KM O L-TV, Channel 4. 
TV highlights 

1o:3o a .in. (Ch. 9) - 
REBOP - A nine-year-old tu m b le r-in -train in g , a 
12-year-old bicyclist and tun Latino brothers are featured. 

11:3o (Ch. 12) - AMER­ 
ICAN BANDSTAND - 
Shaun Cassidy, comedian 
Kip Taylor and Enchant­ ment are special guests. 

11:3o (Ch. 4) - OUT­ 
DOORS - In Bavaria in 
Germany, during In ter­ national Sports W eek, 
Julius Boros ascends to the highest point there and views some of the skiing. 

Noon (Ch. 5) - CBS 
CHILDRENS 
FILM 
FESTIVAL - “ Mischief” tells the, story of a young horse-lover from a circus fam ily and his a d v e n ­ tures with a spirited pony trained to dance. 

I p.m. (Ch 12) - ABC’S 
WIDE 
WORLD 
OF 
SPORTS - Today’s show features “ Inside Attica with the Harlem Globe­ trotters” and the World 
P rofessional 
Skiing 
C ham pionships from 
Hunter Mountain, New 
York. 

6p(5)HEE HAW’S. No. I FOR 
♦MUSIC, IAFFS & FUN(Adv.) 

 b (Ch. 5) - HEE HAW - 
G uests include Bobby 
Goldsboro, Barbi Benton and 
G randpa and 
^Ramona Jones. 

6 (Ch. 12) - THE LAW 
RENTE WELK SHOW - 

The E aster holiday is celeb rated by the m u ­ sical family. 

7 (Ch. 5) - THE MARY 
TYLER MOORE SHOW - 
(It) Mary gets the chance to hire anyone she wants to. and she conies up w ith a fem ale/sportscaster. 
Loll, M urray and Ted doubt the wisdom of the idea of a girl sports announcer. 

7 (Ch. 4) - KING OF THE 
BEASTS - (R) The an­ imated musical special tells how the lion, a bumbling accident-prone cat on 
N oah’s 
Ark, became the cool, cour­ ageous king of the jungle. 

7 (Ch. 9) - LOWELL 
THOMAS REMEMBERS 
- Thomas and the news­ reel c a m e ra s follow five-star General Doug­ las 
M acA rthur from 
World 
War 
I through 
Korea. 

7:3o (Ch. 5) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - ( H) 
Bob's college pal, the 
"Peeper,” is coming for a visit and he promises a surprise. Bob expects a practical joke; instead he brings a new wife. 

7:3o (Ch. 4) - THE FIRST 
EASTER RABBIT - (K) 
Burl Ives tells and sings the story of Stuffy, a stuffed bunny, who has been selected to be the 
First Easter Bunny and creator of symbols which will be the reminders of the true meaning of Eas­ ter. The voices of Robert 
Morse and Stan Freberg 

 are also featured. 

8 (Ch. 5) - ALL IN THE 
FAMILY - (Conclusion) 
(ll) Archie is still in the hospital and still com ­ plaining about the s e r­ vice. But that’s nothing com pared to his com ­ plaining about the bill when he gets it. 

8 (Ch. 4) - NBL SATER 
DAY NIGHT AT THE 
MOVIES - “ Where the 
Red 
Fern 
G row s.” 
Stewart Petersen stars as a boy who saves his money to buy and train two redbone hunting hounds for a coon hunt. 
During the hunt, the boy’s hounds help save his grandfather. Later, when the youngster is trapped by a mountain lion, they again come to the rescue, but the out­ come is not a happy one. 

8:3o (Ch. 5 )-ALICE-(It) 
Flo’s flamboyant ex-hus­ band comes back to town. 
She hopes there still can be a future for them, but she soon discovers he hasn’t changed a bit. 

9 (Ch. 5) - THE CAROL 
BURNETT SHOW - (K) 
Carol’s guests tonight are 
Rock Hudson and Steve 
Lawrence. 

 lf a fellow looks like his passport picture, he can use a trip 
In the 1976 Bridge Olym pics 
Brazil c a m e from behind to w in the title in a startling finish. On the last day, Brazil beat Canada badly and Italy lost a tough m atch to G reece w hich cost the lead and the cham pionship. On the very f i r s t d e a l t h e 
I t a l i a n s launched a boom orang which struck back quickly and the 
Italians looked like they w ere read y for a long trip. 
Without a b n o rm a l in t e r ­ feren ce the no trum p g a m e w a s reached by all p a irs,' usually played by North (The s a m e hands w ere played in all m a tch es). 
With 
North d e c la r e r , a n o rm a l fourth best diam ond lead beat the c o n tr a c t qu ick ly w ith the d efen se taking at least four d iam on d s and one club. In 
-fa ct. when the Italian North played the hand, he went 
‘ down two tricks, losing four diam onds, a club and the 

* heart jack. 
W h en 
G r e e c e h e ld th e 
North-South cards, the bid­ ding took a strange turn. The 
G r e e k s w e re u sing Italian 
. Blue T eam Club m eth ods and t h e 
I ta lia n p a ir 
( B e n i t o 
Garozzo and Arturo Franco), u sin g oth er m e th o d s, had d e v is e d a s p e c ia l d e f e n s e against the system they knew so well. 
North opened a strong and 
* artificial one club and East's 
' o n e spade overcall w as a 
« special interference bid. It 
* prom ised at least three cards in sp ad es and another suit of at least five cards. The our- p o st of the bid w as to deny responder the bid to show how m any control card s he held. 
T he situ a tio n w a s ideal 
East's one spade bid stole the bid South would h a v e chosen to show one a ce and one king. 

NORTH 
49 A 
4 A Q 2 
¥ A K Q 8 
♦ K IO 9 
* 87 5 
W KST 
KAST 
4 8 5 9 
4 1o 7 6 4 
▼ .14 3 2 
V 9 5 
♦ I 7 
♦ A ii 8 5 2 
♦ tv 4 3 2 
* IO 6 
SOI TH 
4 K J 9 
V IO 7 6 
♦ 6 4 3 
* A y J 9 

V u l n e r a b i l i t y : N o n e , 
Dealer: East, The bidding: 

Bast 
Pass 
I * 
Pass 

Opening hearts. 

South 
Pa*s 
I NT 
Pass 

 lead 

West 
Pass 
Pass 
Pass 

North 
14 
3 NT 

North 
IT 

4 IO 7 6 4 
VO 5 
♦ \ U 8 52 
♦ IO 6 

S o u th 

9 (Ch. 
CAT - 
12) 
“ A 
DOG 
Duck 
AND is a 

NEW YORK (AR) - 
F o rm er P resid e n t Ri­ chard Nixon, taping a series of television pro­ grams with David Frost, is also taping four extra interviews which have been sold for exclusive viewing in four foreign countries. 
Marvin Minoff, Frost's partner in the multimil- lion-doflar project, refused F riday to con­ firm reports that each had been sold for 
$25o,ooo. 
“ It’s up to the buyers to sa y ,” he said in a telephone interview from 
Beverly Hills, Calif. 
Purchasers 

Purchasers were N a­ tional Nine, an Aus­ tralian network, French television, the Italian television network and the 
British 
Broadcast 
Corp. 
Each of the separate interview s consists of questions and answers of particular interest to viewers in the country where that p a rtic u la r 

D e u c e of 

 on SOU!ll chose the nexl alter­ n ative and hid one no trump. 
Now instead of East on lead. it w as South to play the gam e and West to find the lead. 
West might have been a hero and led a diam ond anyway. 
But u n fo rtu n a tely for the 
Italians, W est'led a heart to g iv e declarer plenty of time for an easy nine tricks <he a c ­ tually m ad e ten). 
S om etim es it just d oesn t pay to shoot arrows into the air. 

Bid With Corn 
South holds: 

 show will be aired. 
They also w ill be inte­ grated into the 9o-minute segm ents to be shown here. They will appear abroad the day after the regular program is seen in the United States. 
The first of Frost’s in­ terviews with Nixon will be seen in the United 
States May 4. with the others following at the rate of one a week. 
Nixon’s fee for the ser­ 

 ies has never been d is­ closed, but published repo rts have put it at 
$6oo,ooo. 
, 
Content of the p ro ­ g ram s has been kept secret in order to height­ en public interest, but 
Frost concedes that one question he has asked the form er president is: 
“Why didn t you destroy the White House tapes of the 
Watergate discussions?” 

LeVar Burton, left, Cicely Tyson and James Earl Jones will appear on Black Filmmakers Hall of Fame, a 9o-minute special at 8 p.m. 
Saturday on KLRN, Channel 9. The program was taped in February at the O scar Micheaux Awards ceremonies, where Tyson and Jones were inducted into the Hall of Fame and Burton accepted a com­ mendation for “ Roots.” 
Frost claims sole control over series 

N E W Y O R K T IM E S SE R V IC E 
NEW YORK — David 
Frost has reasserted that he and his company have sold control over the content and editing of his forthcom ing television interviews with former 
President Nixon. 
Frost issued a sta te ­ ment disputing an article carried Thursday by The 
New York News Service 

 saying Jack Meyer, pres­ ident of Pacific Video 
Industries, would be in­ volved in the editing process and that Meyer 
.was a co-producer of the series. 
Meyer, the source of the Times’s information about his role in the pro­ cess, could not be reached for further com­ ment. 
TV LISTINGS 

P o g r o m listings com piled in th is log e re furnished by th e Ie 
A vision sta tio n s end a re subject to le st m inute changes. 
The n e w sp a p er is not re sp o n ­ sible w h en listings a re in e rto r 

KMOl-TV 
O - N B C 
KENS-TV 
o 
CBS 
KLRN-TV 
O -ta 
KSAT-TV 
© 
ABC 
KWEX-TV 
Cfi —Ind. 

The Woody 

Woodpecker Show 

The Pink Ponther 

Lough & VY 

Hour & VS 

Speed Buggy 

Monster Squod 

Space Ghost/ 

Frankenstein Jr. 

Big John, 

Little John 

Arn Parseghian $ 

Sports 

Outdoors 

Grandstand 

Major League 

Baseball 7 7 

Milw aukee 

Brewers 

 vs. New York 

Yankees 

Major leagu e 

Baseball 7 7 

San Diego Podres 

 vs. Cincinnati 

Reds 

Duck.” Alex Rocco guest stars. Two sm all-tim e hoodlums h um iliate a w ealthy, m iddle-aged man in front of his lady friend. They don’t know he is a powerful, egomaniacal crime syn­ dicate chief. Are they in for a surprise. 

9 (Ch. 9) - PBS MOVIE 
THEATRE - “ Miracle in 
Milan.” Franeeso Goli- sano and Emma Grama- tica star. An orphan boy joins a group of poor people and beggars liv­ ing in a shanty town and becomes involved in their fight against a rich man who wants to take away their land because oil has been discovered on it. 

1o:3o (Ch. 4) - NBC’S SA­ 
TURDAY 
NIGHT 
- 
Georgia State Senator 
Julian Bond is host. 
Brick, a group from At­ lanta, will- be musical guests. 

1o:3o (Ch. 12) - SUPER- 
STAR CINEMA - “ The 
Goddess.” Him Stanley and Lloyd Bridges star. 
A lonely and loveless woman, d ream ing of 
Hollywood stardom , struggles and schemes her way to the top, after two unhappy marriages. 

TV-4 Big News 

Nancy Runnels 

Wild, Wild World 

 of Animals 

King of 

 the Beasts 

The First 

Easter Rabbit 

HBC Saturday Night 

 at the Movies 

Where the Red 

Fern Grows" 

Stewart Petersen 

James Whitmore 

TV-4 Big News 

Honey Runnels 

NBC s Saturday Night 

Julian Bond 

 is host 

(12) late Show 

The Man Who 

Never W as" 

Sylvester & 

Tweety 

Clue Club 

Bugs Bunny/ 

Roadrunner Hour 

Villa Alegre 

Mister Rogers' 

Neighborhood 

Sesom a Street 

Tarzan, lord 

 of the Jungle 

New Adventures 

 of Batm an 

Sh azam / 

Isis Hour 

Fut Albert and 

 the Cosby Kids 

Ark ll 

CBS Children s 

Film Festival 

Kidsworld 

Saturday Matinee 

Night Time 

 in Nevado" 

Roy Rogers 

That Good Ole 

Nashville Music 

Masters 

Tournam ent 

Third Round 

Action 

Eyewitness News 

Sylvan Rodriguez 

CBS Evening 

News 

Hee Haw 

 with hosts 

Buck Owens 

 and Roy Clark 

The Mary Tyler 

Moore Show 

The Bob Newhart 

Show 

All In The Family 

Carroll o Connor 

Alice 
■* 

U ndo levin 

The Carol 

Burnett Show 

Eyewitness News 

Sylvan Rodriguez 

Star Trek 

W illiam Shatner 

(11:3o) Big Show 

"A Time For 

K illin g " 

Glenn Ford 

Once Upon 

A dassie 

Zoom 

Infinity factory 

Rebop 

Carrascolendas 

Crockett s 

Victory Garden 

Five String 

Banjo 

Chust For 

Fancy 

Word on 

Words 

Guppies to 

Groupers 

By Line 

The Garden 

Show 

Cinem a 

Showcase 

NOVA 

"The Woif 

Equation" 

People ond 

Ideas 

School Talk 

Firing Line 

W illiam F. 

Buckley, Jr. 

 is host 

Lowell Thom as 

Rem em bers 

The W ay 

 it Was 

Black Film m akers 

Hall of Fame 

PBS Movie Theatre 

"M iracle in 

Milan" 

Francesco Golisono 

Em m a Gram atica 

Soundstage * 

The Tom & Jerry/ 

Mum bly Show 

Jabberjaw 

Scooby D oo/ 

Dynom utt Show 

The Kroffts 

Supershow 

Super Friends 

The Oddball 

Couple 

American 

Bandstand 

Dick Clark 

 is host 

Opinion 

Comm unity 

Report 

Sportsm an's 

Friend 

Bill Donee 

Outdoors 

Pro Bowlers' Tour 

S7S,ooo Fair 

S H 
B 
I n 
*V, f p l 

#43^- v 
'S **' 

% 
■. 
Capulinu i p. in 

However, Richard I). 
Kirshberg of New York, the attorney for Pacific 
Video In d u strie s who drew up the agreement with Frost and his com­ pany, Paradine, said that under the “ joint ven­ ture” Frost would have 
“ absolute editorial con­ trol” over the series. 

But Kirshberg added th a t M eyer would be handling “ the technical side of the editing” as well as the filming of the series. 

F ro st said 
Meyer would not be involved in either editorial or tech­ nical decisions about the editing. 

Jesus story time changed 

The concluding telecast of “Jesus of Nazar­ eth” will be presented Sunday from 7 p.m. to approximately 1o:25 p.m. CST on NBC. (The segm ent had been announced for 7-1o p.m. 
CST.) 

Also, the dramatic conclusion of this telecast 
— from the Passover supper to the Crucifixion and the Resurrection — will be shown without any interruption whatsoever for one hour and 35 minutes. 

This expansion was decided upon in order to ensure the telecase would include the entire footage chosen by director Franco Zeffirelli in his final editing for NBG TV. (The first install­ ment on April 3 was also expanded, and ran from 7 p.m. to 1o:12 p.m. CST.) 

“Jesus of Nazareth,” produced by Vincenzo 
Labella, is an ITC-RAI production. 

Ch. ll 
Monfrey9 Cockrell face o ff in TV debate 

El Chapulin 
Colorado 
7:3o p.m., 
Ch. 41 

 lo Voz de! 

Evangelic 

El Show 

 de Carmita 

Mayoral candidates John Monfrey and Mayor Lila Cockrell will face off in a televised debate al noon Sunday on 
Channel 12’s “ N ew sm akers.” Doug 
Ramsey will serve as moderator. 
★ ★★ 
Sen. Russell B. Long, D-La., chair­ man of the Senate Finance Committee, will be the guest on “ Meet the Press” 
Sunday at 11:3o a.m. on Channel 4. 
Join in g m o d e ra to r/p a n e list 
Bill 
Monroe in questioning Long will be 

Martha Angle, Newspaper Enterprise 
Association; Carl T. Rowan, Chicago 
Daily News; and Irving Ii. Levine, NBC 
News. 
★ ★★ 
Paul C. Warlike, director of the 
A rm s Control and D isarm a m en t 
Agency and chief U. S. negotiator for the strategic arm s limitation talks 
(SALT), will be the guest Sunday on 
Channel 5's “ Face the Nation” which airs locally at ll a.m. 

 lones Open 

ABCs Wide World 

 of Sports 

Carmita Jimenez 

Cine del Sabodo 

"Carnaval en 

 mi Barrio " 

Resortes 

Kitty de Hoyos 

ABC W eekend News 

Ted Koppel 

The Lawrence 

Welk Show 

Spurs Basketball 

San Antonio Spurs 

 vs. Boston Celtics 

Dog ond Cat 

Loa Antonio 
Him Basinger 

NewsWatch 

Rene Gonzalez 

Superstar Cinema 

"The Goddess 

Kim Stanley 
(12:3o) Late Movie 

"Revenge is ’ 

My Destiny" 

Fanfarria 

Falcon 

Sol y 

Pimiento 

Oscar Zam ora 

 is hast 

Lucho Libre 

(Wrestling) 

Las Aventuras 

 de Capulina 

Chespirito 

Roberto Bolanos 

Arriba el Felon 

Musical variety 

Box de Mexico 

 las Invencibles 

(12) Sign OH 

VIC TAYBACK, left, as M el, Beth How land as Vera, Norm 
Alden as “ Big D ad d y” Daw son and Linda Lavin as Alice 
Hyatt attem pt to discover if “ Big D a d d y ” is suitable m ate rial fo r Flo in “ A lice ,” 8:3o p.m . Sa tu rd a y on 
KENS-TV, Channel 5. 

Reader squawk box 

11:3o (Ch. 5) - THE BIG 
SHOW • “ A Tim e For 
K illing.’’ 
(Ii) 
Glenn 
Ford, I liger Stevens and 
George Hamilton star. A 
Confederate major and his com rades escape from Union forces in southern Utah near the end of the Civil War and are pursued by a Union captain and his troops. 

Midnight (th. 4) - THE 
LATE SHOW - “The Man 
Who Never Was.” Clifton 
Webb and 
G loria 
Grahame star. In early 
1943, British Naval Intel­ ligence officers, a secre­ tary and a young girl, devise a plan to throw 

Teacher pay plan lauded 

Answer: One spade. Too much to pass and not enough to bid two diamonds. Bid the weak lour card suit in search o f a spade fit 

AUSTIN 
(AP) - 
President June Harp of the Texas Federation of 
Teachers said Friday a 
$263 million teacher pay plan approved by a House subcommittee is the first step toward providing teachers with a "decent living wage.” 

Although the plan does not recognize the “ real 

 worth” of a teacher, she said, “ We think that the emphasis and attention given to the teacher en­ tering the fourth year of teaching and those with experience extending past that time is a first step.” 
The bill provides higher raises for the more experienced teachers. 

G erm ans off gu ard, making invasion of Sicily easier for Allies. 

12.3o a.m. (Ch. 12) - THE 
LATE MOVIE - Chris 
Robinson and Elisa In­ gram star. A Vietnam veteran returns to Miami only to run into a mys­ tery involving his wife, a night-club owner and a so-called industrialist. 

I a.rn. 
(Ch. 
5) 
- 
NGIGHTFLIGHT ’77 - 
“ The M illionaire: The 
Story of Q uentin H ar­ wood.” A man is forced by his wife to change his penny-pinching habits when he receives a mil­ lion-dollar windfall from an unknown benefactor. 

“ Wild, Wild West: The 
Night of the Casual 
K iller.” Secret agent 
James T. West enters the armed town of a corrupt political figure turned outlaw to bring his man back alive. 

Approx. 3:3o a.m. (Ch. 5) 
- NIGHTFLIGHT MOVIE 
• “ The Colditz Story.” 
John Mills and Theodore 

Bikel star. The Germans used escape-proof Colditz castle for important pri­ soners of war, but where there's a will there's an escape route. 

Where 
Jacques 
—Jenny 

 can 
I write 
Cousteau? 

Captain 
Cousteau makes his headquarters in Nice, France, lf you wrote him a letter at the 

Cousteau M useum in 
Nice, it would eventually reach .him. 
He also- spends a lot of time at sea, aboard his Calypso. 

★ ★ ★ 

Is G eorgia Engel of 

“The Mary Tyler Moore 
Show” any relation to 
Jean Arthur? —Mrs. D.S. 

No, but they are both off beat, crackly voiced blondes. 

^a 9e 
4-C______ __^an Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S—— Saturday April 9 1977 
Suecial Nixon 
JLseries taped or foreign TV 

 i k 
4 

DOW TOMES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE. N Y S E INDEX 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy April 9 I 977 
Page ' 5 C_ 
Business and Finance 
Steel pact near 

WASHINGTON president-elect 
(AP) 
— 
The of the 
United 
Steelworkers union said Friday that negotiators were near agreement on a new contract with the nation’s steel producers but needed more time to re­ solve “a few but very important issues.” 
Lloyd A. McBride said industry and union bargaining teams would continue talks in hopes of producing an ace- pable contract by Saturday morning. 
‘‘The issues are dear, and ifs either 

 a go or no-go, conference. 
McBride said 

” he told a news 

 an agreement will depend on whether the steel companies 
‘‘understand our strength of feeling” in the problem areas. 
A meeting of 
6oo local union presidents was rescheduled for 
Saturday after twice being postponed on 
Friday. 
McBride said union bargainers are hopeful of having a complete contract ready for their consideration at the meeting. 
Foundation to receive award 

Ei|iress-M ew sla«ialysis 

ANALYSIS BY CHARIES E CARDEN 
MONDAY — Bearish forecasts cast a pall on the market. Analysts in a widely read Monday financial publica­ tion said Dow is in a bearish trend—average to go below 9oo. The 
Dow Jones Industrial Average suf­ fered a loss of 11.8o, its second shar­ pest drop of the year, with volume the second lightest of the year. Auto stocks 
(Ford off 1% and GM, off I) made the most active list while American Mo­ tors (maker of small cars) rose %. • 
President Carter’s upcoming energy proposals are expected to be bearish on excessive gas consuming auto stocks. 
TUESDAY — Selling of the previous day continued in the first hour on pickup in trading volume. When the bearish appetite had been satisfied, buying took over and the blue chips in the Dow were able to hold the average in the plus column for the rest of the session. Slipping fast at the close, the 
Dow turned in a tiny plus on the day of 
o.58. The broader market measure, the 
NYSE index of all common stocks lost 
o.15 backed up by the fact that declines outpaced advances by 888 to 485. 
Volume perked up to 18,33o,ooo shares with 9,88o,ooo o the dow nside, 
5,o9o,ooo on the upside and the re­ maining number neutral. News item: 
A Government report that consumer credit in February showed the stron­ gest gain in four years. Big Three 
Motors (Chrysler, Ford, GM) touched new 1977 lows. 
WEDNESDAY - The DJIA at each 
3o minute reading was slightly in the plus column until the final hour, when the readings turned red and the Dow 

 closed with a small loss of 1.41. This was its lowest level in 15 months. The 
NYSE index of all common stocks closed at 53.26 for a loss of o.o4. 
Technicians noted that the NYSE is still holding above its Nov. IO, 1976 close of 52.9o. In the whole market, advances and declines balanced out about even. . 
THURSDAY 
- The U.S. Labor 
Department reported wholesale prices in March rose an adjusted 1.1 per cent at a 13.2 per cent annual rate — fastest rate of gain since October 1975. This news produced some selling in morn­ ing hours on light volume. Prices stabilized, with the best showing on the buy side made in the final hour. The 
Dow Industrials closed up 4.15 — its best gain of the week. 

FRIDAY — Closed for Easter holi­ day. 

SUMMARY — The Dow on the week posted a sharp drop on the opening day, leveled off in mid-week and closed with an uptick. N evertheless, the market continued its third straight week of decline, with the DJIA posting a loss of 42.14 points in the three-week period. For the week just ended, the four-day trading volume of 68,44o,ooo shares was the smallest since June 4, 
1976. 

RANGE — High was made on Mon­ day at 929.36. Low was made on Tues­ day at 9o9.74. Close, Thursday, 918.88. 
Loss on the week, 8.48. Volume, all shares traded on the NYSE, 68.44 million shares. 

The San Antonio Econ­ omic Development Foun­ dation will be named 1977 
M aster Publicist Tues­ day by the San Antonio 
Advertising Federation. 
Foundation President 
Ralph U. Thomas will accept the award during a luncheon Tuesday at 
Arden Grove. 
Federation spokesman 
A. J. Lewis said the pub­ licist award usually goes to an individual. This marks the first time the award will be made to an organization. 
The foundation was created three years ago to attract firms outside the city to relocate faci­ lities here. 
The foundation p re­ pared industry cost ana­ lysis to show which kinds of industry would be best suited for San Antonio. 

These enabled the foundation staff, led by 
Thomas, to tell the San 

Hill rules on non-lawyers 

AUSTIN 
(AP) - 
Non-lawyers may repre­ sent parties before the 
State Board of Insurance and the Industrial Ac­ cident Board so long as the agencies don’t mind and it is not prohibited by the legislature or courts. 
Atty. Gen. John Hill said 
Friday. 
Hill responded to an inquiry by president 
Gibson Gayle Jr. of the 
State Bar of Texas. 

Antonio story across the nation. 
In the first year of operation, the foundation was able to entice three new companies to San 
Antonio with an employe figure of 475. 
Robert F. McDermott is foundation board chairman. More than 38 local firm s donated 
$1o,ooo or more each to support and create the foundation. 

Perfect 
Easter weather forecast 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
The long 
E aster 
Holiday weekend started off right Friday with pleasant w eather and sunny skies across most of Texas. 
Temperatures warmed into the 8os in many area. 
Tyler, Dallas and Fort 
Worth reported 82 de­ grees by mid afternoon. 
Some clouds were reported over the P an­ handle and coastal areas and some rain was predicted by Monday, but 
Sunday should bring good outdoor weather for 
Easter egg hunts. 
Winds were five to 2o miles per hour and blow­ ing from the southwest over North and West 
Texas and from the southwest over South 
Texas. 

Iran quake toll rising 

TEHRAN, Iran (AP) - 
The governm ent an- nouced Friday that it had discovered more bodies in ruined mountain vil­ lages, increasing the death toll in the earth­ quake that shook western 
Iran earlier this week to 
352. 

On 
Thursday, the government said 17o per­ sons had been killed in 
Wednesday’s quake. The official Pars news agency said 2o2 bodies had been found in one village. 

Aftershocks were also reported in the region 
Friday, the agency said. 

Last month 167 persons were killed in an earth­ quake centered along the 
Persian Gulf coast. 

P ars said a dozen helicopters were flying supplies to the area and carrying the injured to hospitals. 

FORECAST 

Snow 

Flurries m :v A 

Showoff Stationary O ccluded 
[««{« 

Data from 
8o 

N A T IO N A L W EATHER SERVICE 
N O A A , U 5 Dept of Commoreo 

SA N A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I­ 
T Y — M ostly cloudy early S a ­ tu rd ay and S u n d a y m o rn in g becoming sunny and warm dur­ ing the afternoons. Mild nights. 
Southeast winds IO to 15 mph. 
Low Satu rday in the low 6os. 
High ( Saturday and Sunday in the low 8os. Sun rises at 6.15 and sets at 6:57. Moon is full. Moon rises at 12:o4 a rn. and sets at 
11:o2 a.m. Tem peratures Friday ranged from 49 to 78 degrees. 
(National 
Weather 
Service forecast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y — 4o per cent as of 7 p.m. Friday. 
P R E C IP I T A T IO N - T otal rainfall for the 24-hour period ending at 7 p.m. Friday, none; for the month, .45 of on inch; for the y e a r, 5.34 in ch e s. 
A c ­ cumulated departure from nor­ mal for the month, minus .o6 of an inch; for the year, m inus .47 ot an inch. 
N O R T H T E X A S — F a ir to partly cloudy through Saturday night. Partly cloudy Sunday with a chance of thundershowers late 
Sunday. Continued warm. 
SO UTH T E X A S - Fair in the east Satu rday with in cre asin g cloudiness Satu rday night and 
Sunday. Otherwise late night and e a rly m o rn in g c lo u d in e ss in remaining sections with sunny afternoons. 
W E ST T E X A S — Some m orn­ ing cloudiness in the southeast but oth e rw ise g e n e ra lly fa ir through Sunday. No imporatant temperature changes. 
N A T IO N A L — Most of the na­ tion will be su n n y except for snow flurries in northern M aine an d ra in s h o w e r s o v e r the 
Pacific Northw est through the northern holt of the intermoun­ tain region into the n orthern 
Rockies and northern Arizona. It w ill be cool from the upp e r 
G reat L a k e s throu gh the C a ­ rolinas and northeastward to the 
Atlantic. It will also be cool in the P acific Northw est, Idaho, 
Nevada and California. U nsea- sonablev w arm tem p e ratu re s will prevail over the central and northern Great Plains spreading eastward into the upper and mid 
M ississippi Valley. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low: 5 degrees below zero at 
Marquette, Minn. 
High: 
95 degrees at Blythe, 
Calif. 

M A R IN E 
W IN D S — South to southeast winds 12 to 17 mph Saturday and 
Saturday night. Seas 2 to 4 feet. 
T ID E £ — Port A ran sas of for 
Sunday: High at 1o:o4 am . Low at 1:41 a.m . P o rt Isa b e l tor 
Sunday: High at 11:o3. Low at 
1:3o a.m. 

G R E A T E R SAN A N T O N IO 
San Antonio 
49 
78 
.oo 
SOUTH T E X A S 
Austin 
5o 
78 
.oo 
Beeville 
53 
78 
.oo 

Brownsville 
55 
Corpus Christi 65 
Cotulla 
Del Rio 
Junction 
Victoria 

Abilene 
Alpine 
Amarillo 
Dallas 
El Paso 
Fort Worth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
San Angelo 
Waco 

52 
53 
46 
53 
T E X A S 
55 

46 
57 
48 
5o 
62 
47 
51 
SO 
53 

82 
76 
81 
82 
8 
8o 

79 

83 
83 
88 
83 
78 
83 
83 
8o 
82 
SO U TH W EST 
Denver 
39 
75 
Honolulu 
72 
84 
Los Angeles 
54 
7o 
L as Vegas 
55 
89 
Phoenix 
6o 
95 
Salt Lake City 51 
81 
San Diego 
56 
64 
SOUTH C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
48 
76 
Louisville 
43 
59 
Mem phis 
56 
79 
Oklahoma City 5o 
84 
St. Louis 
4o 
62 
Wichita 
45 
83 
SO U TH EA ST 
Atlanta 
Birm ingham 
Charleston 
Jacksonville 
New Orleans 
Raleigh 
Richmond 
Tampa 

49 
49 
88 
48 
5o 
47 
45 
49 

79 
82 
86 
87 
82 
74 
68 
82 

Bism arck 
Boise 
Casper 
Helena 

N O R T H W E ST 

Portland, Ore. 47 
Rapid City 
38 
San Ftancisco 51 
Seattle 
48 
Spokane 
44 

75 
81 
73 
79 
58 
81 
59 
57 
7o 
NORTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
Detroit 
Duluth 
Indianapolis 
Milwaukee 
Mmn-St. Paul 
Omaha 
Sit. Ste. M arie o2 

39 
4o 
5o51 
36 
58 
78 
29 
N O R T H EA ST 
Boston 
Buffalo 
Cleveland 
Columbus 

34 
2o 
25 
28 
New York City 36 
Philadelphia 
4o 
Pittsburgh 
26 
Portland, Me. 27 
Washington 
45 

45 
3o 
33 
43 
43 
5o 
35 
4o 
53 

OO 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 

.oo 

OO 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 

.oo 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 

OO 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 

.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.23 
.oo 
.oo 
.o7 
.oo 

.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 

.15 
.o6 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 
.OI 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 

SAN ANTO NIO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
1977 
197* 
Av*. 
Rec 
Jan. 
3.1o 
o.56 
1.76 
8.32 
Feb. 
o.91 
o.13 
1.65 
7.8o 
Mar. o.88 
1.2o 
1.67 
4.19 
Apr. 
o.45 
5.67 
2.28 
11.64 
1976 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec. 
MOV 
5.8o 
6 91 
3.45 
14.o7 
Jon 
1.61 
4.6o 
2 95 
IO 44 
July 
5.39 
o 44 
I 69 
8 IS 
Aug 
2.o9 
I 22 
2 36 
11.14 
Sept 
3.79 
o.51 
4.59 
15.78 
Get 
8 48 
2 25 
2 3o 
9 56. 
Nov 
2 46 
oo3 
I 37 
6 79 
Dec 
1.95 
I 48 
I 75 
6 22 

M E X IC O 
(M e x ic a n te m p e ra tu re s a p ­ pear in both F a h re n h e it and 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecast 

Am arillo 

Austin 

Laredo 

F O R E IG N 
(Based on observations taken at 6 a m. Friday San Antonio time. 
Tem peratures are in Fahrenheit 
(left) and Centigrade.) 

RALPH IL THOMAS 
. . will accept publicist award 

The union’s key demand for 
“ lifetime” job security apparently had been resolved, but the details were not disclosed. 
McBride said one problem area involved a union demand to restrict the companies from contracting work to outsiders when the job can be performed by USW members who have been laid off. 
The other major unresolved area involved union efforts to bring some steel company subsidiries under coverager of the national contract. 
If they can settle their dispute at the bargaining table, the negotiators will be able to avoid the need for binding arbitration, which is called for in their unique no-strike bargaining agreement. 
Earlier, sources said USW President 
I. W. Abel told his policy-making executive board that substantial progress had been made during lengthy bargaining that had continued through 
Thursday night. 
There is no threat of a nationwide steel strike regardless of the outcome of the talks. Under an experimental negotiating agreement being tried for the second time, the parties are required to submit unresolved issues to a panel of impartial arbitrators by 
April 2Gtn. 
The negotiators had imposed a 

Thursday night deadline for the completion of the negotiations. 
Union officials have said that thg strike ban and negotiating agreement would probably be abandoned in the future if this year’s contract had to go to arbitration. 
Wages for the 34o,ooo steelworkers employed by the industry’s IO largest companies currently average $8.o8 an hour, including overtime, incentive pay and bonuses. 
Steelworkers demanded what Abel described as lifetime security to protect them against economic uncertainty. 
Labor contracts with job and income security are not unusual. 
The steelworkers union is one of several unions with contracts that maintain income during layoffs for up to a year. 
But this was the first time that a union had asked for lifetime security for its workers. 
The steel contract is expected to set the pattern for bargaining later this year by the USW and the aluminum can industries. 
It is also expected to influence bargaining in the communications, coal, retail food and railroad industries. 
The current steel contract expires 
July 31st. While a nationwide strike is prohibited the union would be free to strike individual plants after that date over any unresolved local issues. 
Co-op collection revived 

WASHINGTON (AP) 
— 
The 
A griculture 
Department said today it is considering a plan to let co-ops collect federal price-support loans for farm ers who produce wheat, corn and other grain. The idea was scuttled more than three years ago under pressure from independent grain companies. 
Some critics have com plained this could 

 lead to a co-op grain monopoly which would be in a position to raise consumer food prices. 
Officials said the plan could fit with the Carter administration’s goal of setting up farm er-con­ trolled food grain re ­ serves. Open for public comment until May 12. the plan also covers bar­ ley,, grain sorghum, oats and rye. 
Normally, farmers ap- 

Local stocks 

 ply individually through local federal offices for governm ent loans on their crops. The proposal would let a co-op get the loans and distribute the money to farmers. At the same time, the co-op would have access to a centralized pool of grain it then could sell for producers. 
Critics of the plan w hen it was proposed in June 
1973 said such loan and pooling arrangem ents could lead to co-op grain monopolies and that it discrim inated against small independent grain 

 dealers who buy directly from farmers. 
The departm ent said the proposal sim ply would extend co-op mar­ keting to grain crops and that producers of cotton, rice, soybeans and honey for some time have used co-op marketing and loan handling. 
Alternate 
“ It is expected that farmers will be provided alternate marketing op­ portunities and a basis on which cooperatives can render greater services to producers,’’ USHA said. 
PRKV H H S W E L K L A S T W L E K 

A spokesman said the plan, if adopted, will en­ able a co-op to act as sales agent for farmers in negotiating top prices for grain. 
For example, by hav­ ing access to a large amount of wheat covered by governm ent price- support loans, a co-op could be in a position to dicker for higher prices than otherwise might be the case. Also, the co-op could pay off loans for farm ers and sell grain for cash to the highest bidder without winding up in government owner­ ship. 

NEI 

(ITC 
Hid 
Ask 
Kid 
Ask 
< hail*'*- 

Airier See L ife.......... . . 
I r n 
— 
Bexar Co B k ............ .. 34 
— 
34 
— 
— 
Cafeterias, h ie........... i8 
19 
17% 18% 
(Ill % 
Forest O i l .................. 
IK 18% 
— 
Frost Bank Corp. .. . .2o% 22% 
2o% 22% 
— 
G ulf E n e r g y ............. ..11% WA 
1o% 11% 
(in % 
Mere of Tx Connu . . 25% 25% 
26 26% up % 
Mere of Tx P h i . . . . . . 64 
65 
65 
66 up I 
Olympia Brew.......... . .23'A 23% 
23 
21 up *4 
NBC of T ex.............. ..36'% 38'/2 
36% 38% 
— 
Sigmor C orp............ 
W in n s......................... 
. .12% 12% 
11% 12% 
(Iii % 
. 22% 23% 
22‘4 23'4 
(In >4 

WIKA 
PRKV HH S 
I AST 
Ae! 

Conroy, hie................ 
WKKk 
W KKR 
( Ii.iii"* 
1% 
(111 % 
Fox-Stanlev Photo . ............... 8 
7% 
(III % 
Howell C orp............ 
14% 
11% 
(III % 
LO Motor Inns 

M S K 

9% 
9% du ‘4 

Church's ( Jiiek 
.......... 3o% 
29 
(In 1% 
D atap oin t.................. 
22 
21% 
(In % 
Harte H an ks............. ! ! . ! * 26% 
26 
(In % 
Tesoro Pet................. 

VII T I A k Kl M IS 

13% 
12% 
(Iii % 

USAA Cap Growth . ____ 7.43 
7.36 
(Iii .o7 
USAA Income.......... . . . 
11.83 
11.84 up .OI 
United Services. . . . _____ 1.57 
1.52 
(In .o5 
Southwest has 

Cotton prices decline despite tight outlook 

Antigua 
79 
26 
Athens 
66 
19 
Auckland 
64 
18 
Berlin 
43 
o6 
Beirut 
68 
2o 
Birm ingham 
43 
o6 
Bonn 
37 
o3 
Brussels 
34 
OI 
Cairo . 
8? 
28 
Casablanca 
61 
16 
Copenhagen 
32 
OO 
Dublin 
41 os 
Geneva 
37 
o3 
Hong Kong 
77 
25 
Lisbon 
57 
14 
London 
43 
o6 
M adrid 
SO 
IO 
Malta 
73 
23 
Manila 
82 
28 
Moscow 
57 
14 
New Delhi 
9o 
32 
Nice 
61 
16 
Oslo 
36 
o2 
Paris 
37 
o3 
Peking 
57 
14 

 record month 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

DALLAS — Southwest Airlines chalked up the largest passenger traffic month in its history in 
March, an airline spokesman said. 
Southwest carried 16o,916 passengers in March with a load factor of 68.3 per cent, the spokesman said. This compares to 121,o4o passengers carried in 
March 1976. 
The company’s largest month previously was 
August 1976 when it carried 144.862 passengers. 
March also marked the airlines’s first month of operation to Corpus Christi. It carried 13,553 pas­ sengers to Corpus for an average of 59 passengers per trip. 
Southwest carried 428,693 passengers during the first quarter of 1977, compared to 328.928 passengers in the first quarter of last year, the spokesman said. 

Cotton futures suffered a spell of profit-taking this week as participants who had enjoyed the long side in the recent ad­ vance became anxious to lock up profits and relax over the holiday week­ end. 
Another reason for this defensive posture was the upcoming release of the 
April Planting Intentions 
Report which is a USDA tally of growers’ ideas for 
1977 seedings. 
At this juncture, var­ ious possibilities exist due to major questions existing in the chief cot­ ton areas. 
In C alifornia where water supplies will be lim ited this sum m er, farm ers may well cut back a bit or keep acreage at last year's le­ vels rather than expand as had been their earlier plan. 
On the Texas high plains where beneficial 

 rainfall aided the topsoil moisture level this week, acreage will probably be increased significantly due to the high price le­ vel commanded by new crop futures. 
And, there is a possibi­ lity that six million acres will In* planted, a healthy increase over last sea­ son’s total. 
In the central belt three consecutive years of poor crops have dis­ couraged some growers. 
Competition from soy­ beans for available land will be acute. 

COMMODITY 
REPORT furnished bv Gerald S. 
Coho, vice president, sales division. San An­ tonio office. Bache Rai­ ses Stuart Inc. 

Centigrade or Celsius. 
Fahren- heit is listed first in each column.) 
Acapulco ..... 
. 73/23 
9o/32 
Guadaiaiara . . 55/13 
82/28 
Mazatlan ..... 
.63/17 
86/3o 
Mexico Citv .. .44/o7 
77/25 
Monterrey .... 
52/11 
81/21 

City 
Temparture 

Sat. 
Sun. 

City 
Far. 
Cent. 

Aberdeen 
Amsterdam 
Ankara 

37 
36 
66 

46 81 
5o-85 
Fair, warm 
51-81 
Sunny, warm 
56-81 
Fair, warm 
Corpus Christi 
6o-81 
Cloudy, warm 
Victoria 
6o-81 
Cloudy, warm 
Ddllas-Fort Worth 
55-81 
Cloudy, warm 
McAllen-Brownsvitle 61-85 61-86 
Cloudy, warm 
Houston 
51-81 
Fair, mild 

61 81 

61-81 

65-81 

65 81 

6o 81 

56-81 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

EFFECTIVE APRIL I 
1977 
John Clay & Co. has been purchased by the Hondo 
Livestock Auction, Inc. 
We will be operating as the John Clay & Co., S.A. daily. Hondo Sales will continue on Saturday at 
12:3o. Let us serve your needs at either Market 
Place. General Mgr. 
Lloyd Hardt, Assist Mgr. 
Bill Moos, Yard Mgr. 
.Harvey Haby. 
John Clay & Co., S. A. 
227-2477 
Hondo Livestock Auction 
Hondo 1-426-3383 

Your John Deere Dealer 
Bexar-Medina Im ple­ ment Co., LaCoste, Tx. now has a San Antonio 
Direct Line. 677-83o2. 

GMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short & 
Long Wheel Base Van- duras & Suburbans. 
TINDALL & SON 
Pontiac, GMC 

Coastal Sprigs .7o bu 
Sutherland Springs 
1-947-337o; 1-947-3379 

Your John Deere Dealer 
Hondo Implement Co., 
Hondo, Tx. now has a San 
Antonio 
Direct 
Line 
677-8315 to serve you. 

Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
623-52oo 

ALMAC Const. Co. 
All Types of Steel Bldgs 
656-o881 

Buy yourself the sporting equipment you've been wanting. You'll find great buys in today's Want Ads. 

Call 
225-1666 

W O RM S W O RM S 

ONCE YOU LfcARN THE FACTS 
^ 
YO U’LL ALW AYS SPELL 
W O RM S WITH S. 

RAISING DOMESTICATED tARfHW utW O n A i BEEN NOTED AS 
IHE FASTEST GROWING SEGMENT OF THE AGRICULTURAL 
BUSINESS. VtRMICULTURE IS A BUSINESS WHICH LENDS 
ITSELF TO BACKYARDS, BARNS. AND ATTRACTIVE PROFITS. 
SEE TO IT THAT TOU LOOK INTO IHE INVESTMENT ASPECTS 
OF BEING A REGISTERED GROWER WITH ONE OF THE 
WORLDS LARGEST WORM COMPANY 
★ CATTLEMEN — Secondary crop profit 
★ INDIVIDUALS — Part-time income 
★ BUSINESS — Tax & profit advantages 
★ REflftEES & STUDENTS — Incomes. 

NE BUY UNDER CONFACT 1oo% OF YOUR PRODUCTION A LIMITED 
NUMBER OF GROWERS ARE NEEDED THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY, SO 
... CALL OR WRITE TODAY FOR FREE INFORMATION ON HOW YOU TOO 
CAN GET STARTED 

W O RM ENTERPRISES INC. 
13498 IH35N. 
(512)653-514o 
Von Antonio, Texas 78233 i m t h w o r m I 

oR3ERTKL nae aacTHQR 

A large seloction of exquisite handmade, 1oo' n wool Ot tertial and Per­ sian rugs will be auctioned to the general public. These rugs, both new and pre-owned, are from the finest estates and collections in the world. 
You will be pleased that you attended and will find exceptional buys. 

THE AUCTION WILL BE HELD AT 

ST. WTHONY HOTH. 
JOO TK WTS STK KET 

Sunday, April 1o 
Viewing I p.m. 2 p m. 
Auction 2 p.m. 

A U C T IO N E E R 

R O Y C A R R 
LICENSE »TXGS-7/-o4b3 m & G izu 
P 
Z V r * IM PO R T A N D EXPO RT C O M P A N Y 
W O R L D T R A D E C EN T ER 
P O BO X &83o2 
D A L L A S, T E X A S 7b2b8 
DIRECT IM PO R T ER S OF O RIENTAL RUGS 

P a g e 
6 C 
S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N f W S — •- S a t u r d a y A p r i l 9 1 9 7 7 
STRICTLY BUSINESS 
McFeatters 
Com plete nationw ide eompoNile prices 

Y e w 
Y o r k s t o r k s 
Exclusive in San Antonio 

A — B — ( 

“ E W Y OR K (A P ) — Trading fo r the week in New Y ork 
Stock Exchange issues 
Yearly 
High lo w 
37'? 
32*8 AC F in d 
ISO 
43-8 A J In d 
8 
23'j 
193.1 AM P 
I 
24 I 
153* 
13» 3 AP LCp 
I 
5o% 
38’ * AR ASv 
I 32 I 
23s* 
17V4 A S A Ltd 
SO 
1o34 
9-'n ATO Inc 
4o 
49’% 
42'ii AbDtLab 
I I 
TO% 
9’ ? Acm eC lv 
5o 2 
3"? j% Adm D g 
o4 
13> 4 
11s* Adm E x 1.l5e 
5 
3*a AdmAAil ,o5e 
14% lo 1? Addrssg 
1oe I 
3534 
283b A etnaLf 1.2o 
SI 
443s A etnaLf pf 2 
Iji/y 
IO* 3 A g u irre 
18% 
15% A h m an s 
.4o 
% 
18*«+ 
V4 
J J t 
3 
Ai teen 
OO 
14o 
3’A 
35’ " 
25’A A ir Prod 2ob l l 2o58 27 
_ 
* A ,rbn F rt 
6 o 12 
122 W A 
14 
14Vi— Vi 
* ,/4 A irco 
1.15 6 
4o1 3o'A 
28’ 8 
28+4- l l * 
X i i 
Akzona 
I 2o 4o 
197 18** 
18 
18'%— 'A 
I I i * 
, £ !a£ aS 
1 28 7 
M is le 
1434 
1434— '/J o f ' U ? 
AlaP pf l l ..*13oo 116 
114'/* 114* j .......... 
'$5. 
93 A laP pf9 
44 
Z45o 1o3% 1o2 
1o2 — 1*8 
IMO 
9o"? 89V? 
9oV? + V, 
723o 
91V? 9o’/4 
91"?+ i 
193 
16’ ? 15+4 
15*8— % 
18 
1738 17V4 
17V?— 3» 
634 
7 
+ '/4 
22+8+ 
3S 
25’8— 13b 

Sales 
N et 
(h d * > H igh lo w le s t Chg. 
36’A + ’ ' ? 
68V 
36% 
35% 
1o34 
4% 
4% 
4% + 
'A 
2416 
7o% 
19% 
2o - 
% 
1o9 
13% 
TO"? 
13%— 
'A 
559 
4o 
38% 
39'A— 
% 
749 
2o% 
19% 
19%— 
% 
168 
1o’A 
9% 
IO 
835 
44 
43 
43'A— 
'A 
68 
TO ll" ? 
IV A — 
'A 
45 
3 
2% 
2%— 
'A 
. 
94 
12% 
IT A 
12'A. . 
24 
4’A 
3*8 
4'A + 
'A 
36o l l 
IO"? 
W a ­ 
% 
1488 
29% 
28% ts'a — 
% 
2 
AAH 
44% 
4 4 % - 
% 
133 
13% 
W A 
13'A— 
V? 
6 
225 
18*8 
W A — 

3 — 
’8 
25 V4 
25 V4— IV? 

94% 
89"? A laP p f8 16 
93’ / 
89' / A laP pf8.28 
2 1 '/ 
15 Al ask In 
66 
6 
2o’ s 
17'/4 A lbany In 
72 
6 
8% 
6 
AlbertoC 36 16 
23'.4 
19% Albertsn 
8o 9 
68 
22V* 22 
2738 
23% Alcan Alw .8o 22 2o74 
2638 25 
22% 
IS’ a AlcoStd 
96 
7 
185 
21V4 
2o34 21Vt+ 
_ 
23’ b 
18% Al con Lb 
32 14 
19’ 
19% 
18*8 1838— * 8 
8Vs 
5*8 A lexdrs 
X e 6 
14 
11*8 A llegC p 
6oa 6 
25’ 8 
21’A A llg L u d I 28 7 
*3% 
39'4 A llgL ud pf 3 .. 
2238 
2o3-8 A llg P w 
I 68 8 
14% 
13 
A llenG rp 
7o 
7 

183 
6V4 
5*8 
5*8— 
'/4 
123 
13’ ? 12*8 
12V?— I 
198 
2334 23 
23'/4— 38 
48 
4238 4238 
423*— % 
571 
2IV4 2o*8 
2VA— ’/a 
71 
1334 13 
1338— 3s 
4738 
3834 AlldC h 
I 8o IO 1544 44V* 43 
43'8— '8 
1438 
1214 AlldAAnf 
64 
8 
2o 13V? 1338 
133*........... 
12’ ? 
IO 
A lld P ro d 
6o 21 
21*8 
21 Vi A lldS tr n 
I 
7 
56 
53V? A lld S tr pf 
4 .. 
3’ ? 
2*4 AlldSup 
3o 
23V? A llisC hal 
9o 6 
9’ -/ 
83a A llrtA u t 
.6o 8 
18*» 
IS 
A lp h P rt 
72 
4 
59’ a 
5o' ; Alcoa 
1.4o 
14 1456 57 
3634 
32% Am lSug 
3 
8 
22 36 

41 
1o'A IO 
1oV 
5o7 
21*8 21*8 21'*?— Va 
72o 
55'? 55'/? 55V?........... 
2*8 
3Vi. 
117 
3'/4 
865 
2738 
27 
37 
9V8 
8*8 
27% + 
9 
+ 
34 
18'8 
17*8 
17*8— 
Va 
55 
56 
— 
34 
3538 
36 
+ 
38 
593* 
46’ B A m a* ~ 1.75 l l 
984 
49% 
48+4 49 — 
34 
141 
115 
A m ex pf 5 25 
59+4 
48'4 Am ax pf 
3 
2734 
2158 AAA BAC 
I 
2o' ? 
17'; A m erce 1.2o 
37' ? 
3334 A m rc pf2 6o 
363 
" 
- 
8o 

 l l 118 
118 
118 
193 
52V? 5iv? 5134........... 
65o 
2734 25’ a 27'?+ 2’ ? 
25 
17*8 1738 1738— 
V. 
. 
■ - ■ I. 
17 34*8 
34'/? 3434— V? 
29' ? AH ess 
6o 
8 1867 
31'/? 3o1/4 
31'/?+ *8 on, 
SS! 2 ^ Hes Rf 3 5o 
253 72 
« 3 a 
71*8+ 138 
22% 
18’ 8 A A lrF lit 
56 1o 
271 2o34 
19*8 2o’ 3— v? 
143/4 
IO A m A ir 
5 2338 
IO'/? IO 
1o38+ '8 
3 
2% A m A ir w t 
124o 
3 
2*4 
3 
+ >8 
22% 
2134 A m A ir pf2.18 
592 
22V4 
21*4 
22 
........ 
W A 
IO'a Am cord 
6o 
9 127 
12'8 
11*8 
12'8+ Va 
15 
13'8 Am Baker 
I 5 
34 
13% 13’% 
13'/4. 
45*8 
43 ABrndS 2 92 
IO 
4oo 44 
43% 
43*8+ % 
26 
23'? A B m d p fl 7o 
22 24'8 
23'/? 
23*8+ '8 
43% 
37 ABdcst 
I l l 1568 433a 
41% 
43*8+ 1*8 
11*8 
IO1 1 Am BldM 5o 
6 
4 
1o3a 1o3a 
1o38 
4o'4 
38'4 Am Can 
2 4o 8 42o 
39*8 38*8 
39*8+ % 
2i , 
*{','* p1 175 •• 
41 
22*8 22'/4 
2234— '8 
23,4 
2'-b A C entry 
. 
55 
2v? 
2'A 
VA— '-a 
17*8 
16 
Am Cred I 16 
5 144 
163a 
TO'A 
16'?+ '8 
25' 8 ACyan 
I SO 
IO 8o8 
26*8 25*8 
26%+ 3b 

Yearly 
Soles 
Net 
High lo w 
(h d v ) High lo w la s t Chg. 

91*4 
6o 
Burrghs 
8o 13 1871 62+8 
6o*8 
6134+ Vt 
23' ? 
18' ? ButtesGO 
5 
218 193% i 8'/» 
18'/?— 
*8 
59'-4 
55 
CBS 
2 IO 1725 59 
4o'8 
37% CBS pf 
I 
. 
4 4o 
5*4 
3*8 CCI 
Corp 
13 
155 
5% 

47 
5 x94 

UA 
34 CIAAtg Gp 
5*8 
4' ? C IR It Inv 
4o'4 
34*8 Cl TF in 
2 4o 
15 16 
3a CLASSI 
7% 
63» CLAS pf 12k 
5’ ? 
4 H CLC Am 
24 
19*8 
15*e CAAIInv 
9'/4 
6*8 CNA Finl 
IO 
449 
I t 
1338 CNA pf A l IO 
13'J 
12 
CNAI 
1.o8a 
4934 
44'? CPCtnt 2.5o 
2osb 
18'A CTSCp 
.7o 
334 
2' ? CabCabF 
49% 
4o'A CabotC 
1.4o 
4*8 
3*% Cadence 
4 
C aesars 
8 
Cal Finl 
18'8 CatPUt 
I 64 

58 
•P 
5 
8613 16 
34 
77 
5*8 
538 
47o 
3634 
3458 
3434— 2 
1711 16 
38 
Si. 
7 
6*8 6*8 
5 
4*8 
5 

5o 
+ 1'A 
4o 
+ 138 
5’8 ------ 
34— 1 16 

6 
125 
1634 
15*8 
16 
— 34 
7 
+ 
14 

5’ 8 
8*8 
2o'4 
18 
2 

 h i 
11o 
1338 
1338 
13 
124 
1238 
12’/4 
1238 + 
734 
48'? 
47'A 
48 
+ 
25o 
1938 
1834 
1 9<8+ 
54 
3 
2*8 
3 
+ 

34 
•8 
*8 
4o’8 
4134— 3'A 
4 3 8 - 
'8 
438_____ 
838+ 
'8 
'A 
'8 
'8 
134+ 

293 
1 3 'i 
9 '8 Am D iStl l l 
61 
1o'8 
9’ a 
9+4 
27*a 
2334 A Gist Tel 
84 IO 
226 253A 
233A 24"e- 
8 
7 
A D ualV t 
14% 
1334 AD ul pf 84a 
2534 23’8 A E IP w 2 o6 
15'4 
125b A F a m ily 
4o 
334 
2*8 Am FnSys 
1134 
1o'A Am FinS y pf 
253b 
23V? AGI Bd I 96e 
19 
17 
AGenCv 132 
213A 
1734 AG entns 
68 
3o 
25*8 AG nln if 1.8o 
22'4 
17*8 AG nln pf 9o 
23*8 
17 
Am Hoist 
I 

21 
7'A 
7 
7 
.. 
27 14% 14 
14 — 
>8 
9 
2261 24'8 2338 
23*8— 
'8 
6 
3o2 13*8 13 
13'8— 
'/? 
7 
129 
338 
2*8 
2*8— 3a 
.. z6oo 1138 
IV A 
1138+ Va 
.. 
147 24% 
2338 
2334— 38 
75 
17*8 17>A 
1734+ 
V? 
613 
18*8 17+4 
18 
— I 
1o1 
27+4 26+4 
27 — 
V? 
9 
1838 
17*8 
1 7 *8 - 13a 
5 1123 21*8 
1938 
19*8— 1+4 
32'a 
27’ a Am Horn I IO 17 2789 29*8 
28+4 
29 
— 34 
14o 
122' / A Homepf 2 
2 132' ? 132'/? 132%— 2+4 
25% Am Hosp 
56 15 217o 25*8 
25'A 25'/?— '8 

1o*8 
S>4 
46 
12*8 

8 
144 
4'? 
43a 
7 
286 
123a 
12 
5 
461 
9 
7 2553 
5'8 
8 

8'/? 
4*8 

4V?. 
12%— 
834 + 
5 
+ 

31 
5*8 
4 'a A m ln vst .2o 
14*4 
1o*8 AM edtcl 24 
8 
AM edcp 
1o 
4 
A rn M ot rs 
4o% AN atR 
2 64 
9*8 Am Seat 
4o 12 
16% 
1o34 A Ship 
4o 
7 
3o% 
25+4 Am Stnd I 5o 7 
8434 
733b AStd pf 4.75 
IO 
6% A m S teril 3o 15 
59o 
9'? 
8*8 
8*8 — 
34+« 
3o' ? Am Sirs 
1 9o 5 
229 32 
SVA 31'A— 
65’ 4 
613-4 A TT 
4.2o IO 5895 6338 
62'A 62%— 
683a 
65’-8 ATT pf 
4 
426 66'A 
65"? 65"?— 
5 o 'j 
4838 ATT pf 
3.64 
62 49 
48+4 48+4 

278 
42+s 413a 41*8 
48 
12 
11+4 
1134— Va 
138 
14*8 
1334 
1334— '/? 
313 
28'a 
2638 
28>8+ I'/? 
215 
79'A 7538 
79'A+ 4'A sa 

51'a 
49'/4 ATT pf 
3.74 
TO"? 
1158 AW atW k 
76 
19'4 
18 
AWat p ll 43 
14*8 
13+4 AW at pf I 25 
16 
14'A AW tr 5p fl 25 
19'8 
16 
Am eron 
I 
7 
12*8 
1os8 AmesD 
4o 
4 
3o' 
17’ 
18*8 
1234 AM IC 
o6 
5 
28'? 
2 4 'j A M P Inc 
48 18 1139 25+4 
24+4 
253a + 
13*4 
1o*8 Ampco 
.6o 
9 
25 l l '? 
11 ' e 
1138+ 
9*b 
7*s AmpexCp l l 
887 
8*8 
8'8 
8'8 — 
2*8 
V ? Am repCp 
27 
2 l*s 
1*8.. 
26*4 
22*4 A m star I 35 
6 
256 24>4 
233* 
23%— 
8*8 
8 
Am st pf 
68 
19 8'A 
8 
8 
52'h 
44 Am ated 
2 
9 
472 51*a 
49% 
SI 
+ 

159 
49+4 49’A 
49' 
6 
4o 
12V? 12 Vs 
12'?+ 
Z8oo 
18*8 18'8 
18*8* 
Z57o 
14’/? 14'/? 
14'/? + 
Z37o 
16 
15'/? 
15'?+ 
3o 
16+4 16'A 
16'7— 
74 
113a 1o3b 
1o*4— 
27 
Am efek 1.4o IO 
119 
29V? 29 
29%— 
14*8 Am tac 
I 
9 
114 
16*-s 
16*a 
16%-- 
>8 
Va 
164 
13+4 
123A 
13 
— 
+4 
A 

8*8 
3o*4 
5*8 Am tel 
.36 14 
223 
6*4 
5% 
6*4+ 

8 
8*8 

4'8 
17 V4 
31 

26' ? AnchrH 1.5o 
26'a 
22*4 Ar.dCI ay 
I 
V j 
6 
Angelica 
24 
6'? A n ixter 
.2o 
7’ b AnsulCo 53t 
21*8 
16'4 Apache 
7o 
37*4 
32*4 A p coO il 
2'a 
13a ApecoCp 
92*4 89'j A pPw pf8.12 
14*4 
1o' b A pldD ig 
9 
32 
23' b A pldD ig pf I 
2*8 A p p iM q 
IO 
14 
A rcata N .6o 
7 
28*/ A rcatN pf 2 

94 
283* 28'8 28’% + 
75 
24*8 23+4 24'A— '8 
249 
6*8 
6 
6*8........ 
2o1 
7'A 
6V? 
6*8- V? 
125 
7*8 
738 
V t - '8 
175 
18 
1738 17+4........... 
9 
616 
37+4 
35'8 
37+4+ 238 
148 
1*8 
1+4 
1*8+ '8 
Z215o 
9o+4 9o 
9o 
+ 2% 
42o ll'/? I IVA IV A — 
'A 
7o 
26 
25'A 25'/?. 
33 
3'A 
2*A 
3 
- 'A 
82 
1S+4 15'A 
15'/?— v* 
B 
3o'A 3o 
3o 
— Va 
21*8 
16*8 ArchD an 
2o 
8 1182 
1738 
16'8 
17 
— 
'A 

7 
181 45 
4 
15o 
4*8 4*8 
276 
4+4 
4*8 
8 
235 
8*8 8V? 
8 
53 
18+4 18'? 
18+4+ 
12+4 
Cdllahn 
35b 
21 ITO 
17 16'? 
1*8 Camern Br 
TO 
1% 138 
3o*8 
23 
C m pR L 
6oa 29 293 28*8 27’8 
2 7 'A - 3A 
39** 
36*8 Cam Sp 1.48 12x785 
37+4 
36+4 
37 
— 
*8 
34*8 
3o*8 C a m p i 
I 32 TO 
39 32+4 
32 
32*8— Va 
17 
15*4 CdnPac 
86e 
6 317 16' ? 
16'A 
16'a— v8 
9*8 
8 
CanalR 
.64 l l 
41 8’? 
8% 
8'/?+ Va 
57 
44'4 CapCitis 
2o TO 453 45*8 
44V? 
44’/?— I 
23 
19*4 CapHoid 
6o TO 1415 2VA 
19+4 
2o — I 
I'? 
1'A C apitM tg l l 
VA VA 
PA.... 
36s» 
32 Carbor 
1 12 9 
652 
36'A 33*6 
36 
+ 2<A 
3% 
2*8 C a rlin g O 16 
54 2*8 
2+4 
2*8....... 
ICA 
15% Carlisle 
.88 
7 
29 17*8 
17'A 
17'A— V? 
7o'? 
65 
CaroCO 
5 
Z33o 68 
67 
68 
+ V? 
6*b 
5+4 C aroFrg 
2o 12 
54 5*8 
5+4 
5*8+ >8 
23+4 
21*? Caro Pw 
1 72 
8 2277 22% 
2 VA 
21+4— Va 
3o*8 
29 C a rp pf 2 67 
39 
29*8 29 
29*8..... 
39’ 8 
34 
Car Tee 
2 
7 
167 37% 
35'A 
36'8— I 
2o*4 
15*8 C arrCp 
64 IO 13o6 17*8 
16*8 
17 
— Va 
32*4 
29 
Carr p l 
2 25 
Z12o 32V. 
32*8 
32'A+ 'A 
44 
13+4 
13% 
13'8— 
*8 
IS 
13 
C arrG n 
88e 
22 
17*? C artH aw .9o 
9 
5o6 1848 17V? 
17’ 
38 
33 
C artH w pf2 
13 33'% 33 
8 
7 
CartW all .4o IO 
116 
7'A 
7 
ICA 
8*b CascNG 5or TO 
71 
8*8 
8'/? 
16' ? 
14*8 Cast! Ck 
8ob 
7 
387 
15'8 
14*8 
14%- 
58 

% 
33'A— 
*4 
7'A.......... 
8'/?— 
'A 
•A 
48*4 C atrpTr I 5o 12 23o9 
55'A 
53V? 
54 
— VA 
17*8 
15 
CecoCp 
1.15 
12 
23 15’A 
15 
SVA 
45*8 Celanse 2.8o TO 549 49 
53*4 
51 Celan pf4 SO 
14 52 
12*4 
IC 2 Centex 
12 
9 6o4 11*A l l 
17*» 
IS’ ? Cen Sow I 26 
9 1o91 16'A 
15*4 
16 
+ 
21 
19*8 CenHud 1.8o 8 
55 2o*8 
19*4 
2o*8+ 
+4 
1938 
17*4 C e n lllL t I 6o TO 25o 18 
17*4 18 
+ 
'A 
56 
52 C n lL t pf4 SO 
.. Z1oo 53 
53 
53 
+ 
’A 
32*4 
3o'? C nlLt pf2.87 .. 268o 31’A 
3o% 31*8+ 
*A 
29*4 28'4 C n lL t pf2.62 Z127o 
28*A 
28*4 
28*4+ 
'A 
16'8 14*4 CenllPS 
1.28 l l 35o 15 
14*8 
14*4+ 
'A 
29' b 23*8 CenLaE 
I 4o 
9 197 24*4 
24*8 24*8— 
*8 
16*8 15*2 CeMPw 
I 4o 
9 
99 1 6 
15*4 
15*8+ 
Va 
15*8 
13*4 CenSoya 
7o 
8 274 13*8 
13'A 
13*8 
... 
25*» 
23*4 Cen Tel I 5o IO 588 25*8 
24*4 
25 
— 
'A 
27*8 
22*8 C entrDat 
I TO 4o5 24 
22*8 23*8— 
*8 
26+s 
19*8 Crt teed 
7o TO 698 26*8 
25*8 25% . 
3o's 
26*8 Cess A ir 1.2o 7 347 27*4 
27'8 27'A— 
27*» 
22’8 Cham pln 
I 8 22o4 23*8 
22*4 
23*8— 
27*? 
22*4 Chm I p ll. 2o 
224 24*a 
23'A 
23"?— 
14*8 
IV ? ChamSp 
68 
1o 8o6 11*8 
11*8 
11%.. 

15 — 
'/a 
47*8 
48 — 
*4 
51 
52 
+ 
'A 
IV A — 
Va 

*8 

5 
3*4 C h anco 
o8 
3o*8 
28 C h rtN Y 2.12 
9 
8'4 ChasFd 
6oe 
33+8 
29*8 ChaseM 2 2o 
3*4 
2*? ChaseT 
7V4 
5*4 Chelsea 
.4o 
34 
28' 
? 
Chemin 
1.5o 
45*8 
4o Chm NY 2.88 
32V4 
28 ChesVa I 36 

6 
213 
4*8 
4'A 
6 37o 
29*8 
2878 
29*s+ x2o3 
8*8 
8'A 
8*8+ 

4 'A - 
Va 
'A 

94o 
3o*8 29*8 
3o 
+ 
73 
2*8 
2*4 
2*4 
4o 
6 
5*4 
334 
29'? 28’ ? 29' ? 
269 
41*8 4o 
4o34— 
Vt 
2o 
32'A 31 

5*8— »8 

31 
- 
26*8 
21*4 ChesePn 
84 13 
51o 
22*8 
21+4 
22'A- 
41*? 
35 Chessie 
2.32 
8*4 
6*8 Chi MIW 
15+a 
12' ? C hiM lw pf 
3o+8 
25'? ChiPneT 
2 
4 'j 
3'A C h kF u ll 
7*8 
4*8 C hrisCft 
18*8 
13' ? Ch re ft pf 
17+4 
14' ? Chroma! 84 
75 
68 Chroma pf 5 
22 
— “ 

9 6o9 
4o+8 
39'? 
4o'A+ I 
95 
8 
7>/» 
7*8— 
'A 
14 14*8 
14*8 
14'/?— Vt 
17 247 25*8 
25'A 
2 5 *8 - 'A 
95 
4 
3'A 
3*8— +8 
5 242 
5’8 
4*8 
4 * /t- 
Va 
14 14'A 
13*8 
13*4— '? 
7 163 16 
15+8 
15*4— Va 
74'A 73 
73 — 

1o8*? 1o4 
CinG pf9 3o 
91*8 
87*4 CinG p f7 44 .. 
1o8 
1o4*? CinG pf9 28 .. 
HO 
1o5'A CinG pf9.52 
38*8 
34*4 C inM ila 1.4o 14 

17'? Chrysler 
45e 3 3174 
18*8 
17V? 
17*8— *8 
35*8 
28*8 Church 6ob 
8 372 3V8 28*8 
29 — 1*8 
26 
23’A 
CinBell I 
6o 
9 
56 25'A 25'8 
25'A+ 
*8 
23*? 
21*i CinnGE 1 
64 12 886 22'A 2VA 
21* 4— 
'A 
51 
47V? 
CinG pf 
4 
Z22o 49'8 49 
49 
........... 
‘ 
* 
Z21oo 1o6 
1o4 
1o6 
+ I 
121 
89 
87*4 
88*8 + *8 z2oC 
1o8 
1o6'? 1o6’/?— 'A 
Z42o 1o8 
1o7 
1o7 
— I 
69 
38*8 37'A 
38 
+ Vt 
34 
27’A C iticorp 1.o6 
9 44o3 28+8 
27'A 
28 
— *8 
61+4 
57 
CitiesSv 
3 
8 
445 6o’A 59+8 
6o'A+ I 
15'a 
12'? C ityln vst 8o 
8 HIO 14 
13'/? 
13*8— Va 
'A 
*4 City Inv w t 
. 
44 
*8 
1/4 
'A—1-16 
28'4 
24+8 C ityln pf 
2 
167 
25 
24*s 
25 
I- 
'8 
12 
IV A Cityh p f 1.1o 
. 
229 
IV A ll'/? 
IV/?........... 
43'A 
36' ? C larkE 
1.6o 
8 
464 38'8 
37 
37'/?— *8 
19*8 
14 
CldrkOII 
.5o 
12 
249 16'A 
15'A 
15'/?— *8 
71 
62'8 ClvC lif 1.8oa l l 
59 65*8 64*8 
65’A— *8 
34+« 
32 
ClevEI 
2.64 
9 
311 34 
33'8 
33* 4+ *8 
Z599o 
88'8 86'A 88’8 + 2+8 
Z7oo 
89'/? 89 
89'A+ I z67o 127'A 126 
126 — 
'A 
6 
221 
12'A IV A 
12'A+ '8 
9 
697 
1o*8 1o'B 
1o*8— '8 
5 
179 9'A 
9 
9'8— Va 
12 
12*A 12'A 
12*4+- '8 
818 
151/4 14*4 
14*/e— 
'8 

9o'ii 85+A ClvEI pf7.4o 
92 
87 
ClvEI pf7.56 
129 
124 
C lvEI pf 12 
13 
1o*8 Clevepk 
6o 
IO*B Clorox 
.52 
8*8 d u e t Pea .5o 
11*8 CluettP p fl 
13’A CstStGs 

12+A 
1o+8 
I3V4 
18 
26+b 
22*4 CstSG pf I 83 .. 
22'? 
17*8 CstSG p fl. 19 
9+a 
7+4 Coca Btl 
4oa 13 
76o 
8o'4 
73 Coca Col 3.o8 
16 123o 78 
16’ ? 
14+A ColdwBk .5o 7 
12*8 l l 
ColeNat .6o 
5 
5+s Coleco 
9 
93 
6 

69 
23*8 22'A 22'A— 
'A 
16 
19'A 18*4 19 — 
+8 
8+A 
8V4 
8’A— 
Vt 
75*8 76 — VA 
79 
15*8 15’A 15'A— 
'A 
26 
11*8 IV A 11*8+ 
'8 
5*4 
6 
27*8 
23+8 ColgPal 
.88 13 127o 
25’8 
24*8 24*4— 
* B 
13 l l 
C o llinA ik 64 
9*8 
7*8 CollinF 
.2o 
29+b 24' 4 Col Penn 
.7o 
24'A 
2V8 Colonist 1.45 
54*8 
49 
Col fin d 
2.5o 
28*8 
26'A Colt pf I 6o 
75+A 
7o 
Colt pf 4.25 
28 
ColGas 2.24 
59' ? Col Gs pf 5 62 
58"? CoIGs pf5 48 
7+8 ColuPiCt 
27+a 
25'A ColSOh 
2.2o 
116 
HO 
CoSO pf 1o.52 
28*9 
27 
CoSO pf 2.42 

31 
64 
62 
11+4 

5% 
3% 
A rc tic E n f 
8 
37 
4'A 
A 
4'A— 
'A 
3'? 
2% A rista r 
88 
3 
2% 
2%— 
"8 
2o 
18% ArizPSw I 48 
7 
635 
TO'A 
18% 
!9 'A + 
Va 
118 
IU 
A riP p f 1o7o z33o 116'A 116% l l 6'A— 
% 
TO 
1o% A rk Best 52b 
6 
31 
1o% 
1o% 
IO'/?. 
33% 
28*a A rkLG s 1.8o 
9 
5oo 
3o'A 
29 
29% 
3"? 
2"? A rle n R ty 
127 
2% 
2% 
2% 
6 
4% A rm ada 
5 
27 
5% 
5% 
5'A— 
'A 
32% 
28 
A rm co 
I 8o 
7 
538 
29 
28'A 
28"?— 
V? 
3o*4 
27% A rm pf 2. IO 
54 
28"? 
27% 
28 
— 
% 
56% 
51'A A rm r pf4.75 
A rm stC k 
I 
Z44o 
56 
54"? 
54"?— 
V? 
27% 
22*a l l 
292 
23% 
22"? 
22%— 
'A 
54 
.5o 
A rm C pf3.75 
Z6oo 
54 
54 
54 
+ 
V? 
26*8 
21 
A rm R u 
I 
4 
68 
25% 
25 
25*8+ 
% 
2o 
TO'A AroC orp lb 
7 
9 
TO’A 
TO 
TO 
- 
'A 
19% 
14% A rvin 
.64 
A 
368 
TO'A 
14% 
15%— 
% 
31% 
26% A rv in ln pf2 
133 
27+4 
26'A 
27 
- 
*4 
23*8 
16% Asarco 
.8o 
14 23o1 
23"? 
21"? 
21"?— 2'A 
37*8 
32 
Ash I O il 
19o 
7 
652 
33 
32% 
32%.. 
33*8 
28% AsdDrG I SO IO 
234 
31% 
29% 
2 9 % - i% 
15% 
TO 
Afhlone 
8o 
6 
131 
15% 
14% 
14%— 
% 
3% 
1% A ticoM tg 
88 
2 
1% 
2 
— 
'A 
24% 
21*8 AtlC y El I 62 
8 
143 
22 
21"? 
21%— 
Va 
58% 
5o 
A tlR lch I 6o l l 
2516 
54 
52 
53'/?+ 
% 
197 
TOI"? Att Re pf 
3 
3 182 
178V? 182 
+ 
2 
52'? 
49% Att Re pf 3 75 
Z13o 
5V? 
5o% 
51"?+ 
VA 
7 2 'i 
63% Att Re pf 2 8o 
At la s Cp 
I 
424 
67'A 
64% 
67 Va + 
VA 
24% 
19 "a 
446 
23% 
22% 

 tou> 
£ 
+ 

VA 
3o 
2V? A utoD td 
24 18 1123 
25 
24% 
24%— 
% 
8*4 
7*8 A u tm ln d .24 
6 
135 
8% 
8 
8 
— 
Va 
16*8 
TO 
AvcoCp 
2 
714 
13% 
13 
13"? , 
VA 
% AvcoCp w t 
22o13 16 
% 
*4 
49% 
41% AvcoCp pf 
19 
48% 
47% 
48 
- 
% 
23'a 
19*8 A very Int 
36 14 
46 
TOH 
2o 
2o% + 
'A 
15% 
11% Avis 
Inc .4o 
6x381 
12+4 
12"? 
TOV?— 
'A 
19% 
16 
A vnetlnc .6o 
6 
53o 
TO 
16% 
16%— 
'A 
49"? 
43 ' ? Avon Pd 
2 16 2544 
47% 
45% 
46'A— VA 
2% 
1% B T M tg 
28 
2% 
2% 
2%— 
'A i 
JO1 ? 
28'A BabckW 1.2o 
9 7257 
4o"? 
38'/? 
4o% + 
^ . 
9*8 
6' ? Bache 
4o 
5 
297 
6% 
6"? 
6%— 
Va 
TO 
1o% Baker In 
.36 
9 
527 ll*/* 
11*8 
11%— 
'A I 
47*8 
42% Ba kr In tl 
46 TO 
3o3 
46% 
45% 
46 — 
% ] 
14% 
TO 
B aldD H 
68 
6 
18 
14% 
14% 
14%. 
21% 
16*8 BallC p 
8o 
6 
69 
TO"? 
16% 
16%— 
Vt 
29% 
19 "4 B e lly M f 
1914o98 
28% 
TO'A 
19%— 9% 
27% 
24 % B altG E 2o8 
8 
91o 
25'A 
24% 
25'A + 
Va 
26 
W e 
BanCa 
6o 27 
317 
22 
2o"? 
2o"?— 
% 
18% 
13'i 
Bandag 
3o 
9 
428 
14% 
13'A 
13%+ 
Va 
18*8 
11% BangPnt 
5 
129 
TO'? 
TO 
16’A— 
'A 
22' ? 
TO 
BanP pf 1 .25 
TO 
21V? 
2o"? 
21 
— I 
29'A 
21"? BanP pf 
2 
9 
28% 
28% 
28’/?+ 
Va 
38 
34 
B kofN Y 2.32 
7 
88 
36*4 
36% 
36'A— 
% 
TO"? 
13*4 BkofVa 
88 
6 
45 
14% 
U 'A 
U 'A — 
V? 
3o*8 
24' / B ankAm .8o IO 6647 
25+b 
24"? 
24%— 
V, 
42 
35% B ankTr 
3 
8 
576 
37'A 
35% 
37 >A + 
Va 
29% 
27*8 BnkT pf 2.5o 
1o8 
28'A 
27% 
28"s 
38% 
33% B arbO il I 6o 
TO 
1o8 
38"? 
38 
38'A— 
Va 
14% 
12% BardCR 
24 
TO 
43o 
13% 
12% 
12%— 
Va 
19% 
16'A BarnsGp 8o 
7 
139 
TO"? 
17% 
17%— 
Vt 
19% 
14* B Basic Inc 
I 
6 
124 
19% 
TO’A 
1 8 % - v? 
43% 
34 *A Basic pf2 5o 
BatesM f 
BO 
Z1o3o 
43% 
42 
42 — 1% 
34% 
26% 
62 
83 
31% 
3o% 
31% + 
% 
39"? 
28’A BauschL 
I 
IO 
444 
35+b 
34*8 
35 'A + 
% 
4o% 
31 "A B a xlT rv 
24 TO 1151 
32% 
31*8 
32 — 
V? 
23% 
21 
BayStG I 96 
7 l l 
22 
21% 
21*4— 
Va 
5% 
4*4 BaykCiq 
24 21 
34 
5% 
5 
5 
.. 
32 
25*4 Bearing 
5o 
BeatFds 
96 
IO 
87 
27"? 
27% 
27'A .. 
28*8 
23*8 
12 1443 
24% 
24*8 
24"?— 
’ % 
27*8 
22% Beckmn 
.32 14 
593 
22% 
22% 
2 2 % - 
'A 
34% 
29% BectO ick 6o TO 
527 
3o% 
29'A 
2 9 *8 - 
1% 
24% 
2o "A BeechA 
I 
7 
93 
2o% 
2o*8 
2o% + 
'A 
9*8 
6*8 
B e ker 
671 
8% 
67* 
7'A — 
Va 
29% 
23+a BelcoP 
I 
6 
253 
24% 
23% 
24%+ 
Va 
26% 
21% Belder! 
132 
8 
27 
22"? 
22% 
22'A— 
Va 
8"? 
7 "8 BeldnH 
36b 
I 
8 
7"? 
7*8 
7*8— 
Va 
21 
17% Bel I How 
84 28 
194 
19% 
19*8 
19% + 
% 
48 
45 "A BellCda 4 o8 
7 
523 
47 
46'A 
46"?— 
V? 
22% 
19’ ; 
Semis 
12o 
7 
43 
2o*8 
TOV? 
2o% + 
'A 
47 
4o% Bendix 
2 
8 
765 
41+4 
4o% 
41'A— 
'A 
27 
22% BenftCp I 6o 
5 
627 
24% 
23% 
23%— 
'A 
6o*8 
5o% Benet p f* 3o 
33 
51% 
51 
51% + 
Va 
117 
1o4% Benet pts.5o 
ZSo 1o7 
1o5% 1o5%— 
% 
3o 
28 "4 Benet PTO SO 
Z16o 
29", 
29 
29"? + 
VA 
2% 
1% Bnf StM 
62 
2 
1% 
1 % - 
'A 
3*8 
1% BengtB .o7e 
19 
836 
3% 
2% 
3 
+ 
Va 
6% 
4'A BerkeyP 
13o 
41/? 
4% 
4'A. 
24 
19 
Best Pd 
7 
888 
2o% 
TO’A 
19%- 
% 
4o*8 
33% Bet HS* I 
2 
9 1o84 
35% 
34 
35"? + 
'A 
34*8 
29 
BigThree .4o TO 
51o 
32'A 
31% 
31%. 
2o*8 
16 
Bl ack Dr 
48 TO 1355 
TO", 
TO 
TO — 
'% 
16*8 
I V b B lairJn 
64 
6 
128 
TO 
U 'A 
14"?— 
V? 
2o% 
TO 
BlissLau 1.o8 7 
76 
TOV? 
TO'A 
TO'A— 
'A 
23*8 
18% BlockHR 
I 27o 621 
2o 
18% 
1 8 % - 
% 
31% 
27 
Blue Bel I 
I 
6 
577 
28% 
27% 
28'A— 
Vt 
6% 
5’A Bluebrd 
2o 
6 
119 
5*8 
5'A 
5%. 
3% 
3 
Bobbie 8r 
12o 
3 Vt 
3% 
3'A— '•A 
44% 
37"? Boeing 
1.4o 
9 1388 
43", 
41% 
41"?— 2 
33% 
28"; 
Boi se Cs I IO IO 1o78 
32*8 
31% 
3 1 % - 
Va 
27% 
19"; Bktymth I 2o IO 
TO 
25*8 
24"? 
24"?— VA 
35'? 
31 " j 
Borden 
14o 
9 
995 
33"? 
31"? 
31%— VA 
33% 
29 "4 Bor War 16o 
7 
571 
31*4 
3 VA 
31"?.. 
S 
3*4 B o rm ans 
5 
32 
4’A 
4% 
4'A. . 
27' ; 
25% Bos Ed 
2.44 1ox181 
26*8 
25% 
26 
— '•A 
98% 
92 
BosE pf 8.88 y5o 
95"? 
12% 
95 
95 
+ 
1% 
TO 
12% Bose p r l TO 
142 
TO’A 
12% + 
'A 
16 
TO 
BosE p r l. 46 
58 
15*8 
TO'A 
TO'A. 
11% 
8% B ra n itf 
24 
7 
849 
9*8 
9 
9'A— 
''A 
41% 
31"; BraunCF 6o 
7 
333 
34*A 
31"? 
34%+ 
% 
33% 
26 "a B rig Str 
92 TO 
2o3 
28 
26'A 
2 6 % - 
VA 
68*8 
6o% B ristM y 2 2o TO 
784 
62% 
61"? 
62'A— 
Va 
44 
39% 8 ri5 tM pf 
2 
165 
4 IV, 
39% 
4o 
- 
I 
16*8 
13% Sri (Pet 
33e 
18 2817 
U 'A 
13"? 
14'A + 
'A 
35% 
29 
BrkwG I 1.4o 
7 
356 
35% 
33% 
34 
— 1% 
22% 
19’ ; 
BklyU G I 8o 
9 
85 
2o'A 
19% 
2o% + 
'A 
27% 
26 
Bk UG pf 2.47 
16 
27'A 
27 
27 V* + 
'A 
9 A , 
8% BwnShrp 2o 2o 
3o 
8% 
8% 
8 % - 
Va 
1o% 
8*8 BrownC 
3o l l 
33 
9 
8% 
9 
.. 
23% 
21% BwriGp 
1.4o 
7 
1o9 
22% 
21"? 
21'/?— 
IO 
7 % Brw nFer .4o 
TO 1763 
IO 
9 
9% + 
Va 
17*8 
14*8 Br unswk .6o 
7 1466 
15% 
14% 
TO'A— 
% 
22% 
22 
B rushW 
I 
7 
42 
22% 
22’A 
22%.. 
27*8 
22% SueyEr 
64 
TO 
679 
25% 
24% 
24%— '*4 
22% 
18"? Budd Co 1.2o 
5 
3o4 
19% 
18% 
19%+ 
% 
6*8 
5% 
BudCa pf.6o 
2 
6% 
6% 
6*4... 
1o% 
8% Budglnd 
1or 
6 
32 
9 
8"? 
S%— 
V? 
32% 
25% Buff Eo 1.4oa 
8 
81 
31% 
31 
31% + 
% 
8+8 
6% 
B u lova 
93 
7 Va 
6% 
71/4 + 
'A 
12% 
IVA 
BundyCp BO 
B unkH il 1.86 
6 
32 
11*4 ll" ? 
11%+ 
% 
22% 
21% 
43 
21% 
21% 
21%— 
'A 
TOIA 
8 
B u nkR a 
12 
214 
1o% 
1o'A 
1o%— 
Va 
2o'A 
TO% BnkR p fl 5o 
TO 
TO'A 
TO 
TO 
3o% 
23% Bur! Ind 14o 
7 
566 
25 
24'A 
25 
+ v? 
48% 
41*4 BurlN o 
16o 
8 
841 
46 
44 "4 
46 
+ 
I Vt 
8 
7% Burl No pf 55 
72 
7% 
7% 
7% + 
'A 
2o% 
TOVA Burndv 
66 ll 
1113 
TO'/, 
TO Va 
17'A— 
Va 

268 
11*8 
11*8 
11* 8+ 
125 
7*8 
7*8 
7*4......... 
243 
25*8 25'A 
25*8+ '8 
73 
21+A 2VA 
21+A+ 
'A 
332 
5o+A 49'A 
5o'A+ *8 
45 
26+A 
26'A 
26'/?.......... 
34 
72'A 7 VA 
71+A+ 
Va 
56o 
3o 
29'A 
29*8+ 'A 
35 
61 
6o'? 
6o'/?— *8 
4 
6o 
59*8 
59*8— *8 
7oo 
9*/e 
9'A 
9*8— Vt 
23o 
26+A 
26+8 
26'A+ '8 
ZTOO 116 
116 
116 
.......... 
17 
27*8 
27*8 
27*8+ +8 
23*4 
19 
CombC 
.o5e 
8 
87 22'A 
2V/a 2V8— I 
56*s 
45*8 Comb Eng 
2 l l 1214 56*8 
53+8 56'A+ 2+a 
28*8 
22*4 CmbEq 
1or 13 376 27 
25’8 25'A— 1+A 
31*4 
28' ? ComwE 
2.4o 
9 
991 29"? 
29 
29*8........... 
I 
9+A 
9*4 
9*4— Va 
9+A Com Ed A w t 
9' t Com Ed B w t 
21*8 
19% ComE p fl 42 
23? 
21*8 ComE pf 1.9o 
24*4 
23'? ComE pf 
2 
28 
27 
ComE pf2.37 
33'A 
31 'A ComE pf2.87 
1o2 
- 
- 
- 
- 

1o+8 
1o+8 
8 
9*8 
9'A 
9V; 
4 
2o*e 2o'A 
2o'A.......... 
32 
22V? 22Vb 
22'/8— 's 
16 
23*4 23'A 
23*8+ 
'8 
37 
27*8 27 
27'A— 
'8 
122 
31+4 31'A 
31*4+ 
'A 
6 
97+A 97'A 97'/?— *a 
' ? 
97"? ComE pts 4o 
89+4 86'? ComE pf7.24 
I 86'8 
86'A 86'/; 
37’ 4 
29+b Comsat 
I 
9 1268 35 
33>A 
34 — VA 
37+8 
31 
Compar 
2o 
9 
152 34 
32*8 
32+A— VA 
8*8 
7 
CompSci 
IO 
358 
7+A 
7*8 
7*8— 
'A 
14's 
11+i Con Agr 
.75 
4 
1o5 131*? 13 
13’/?+ 
'8 
25*8 
21+4 ConeMI 1.2o 
4 
123 23’A 22 
22'/?— 
Vg 
171/4 13+4 Congolm 
.6o 
393 15 
14'A 14*8— 
Va 
2o'a 
167a ConnM 
1.6o 15 
483 18*8 18’A 
18*8+ 
*8 
26"? 23*s Conrac 
8ob 7 
44 24'A 
23*8 2 4 '8 .. 
23"4 
2o+a Con Ed 
2 
5 1295 
22'A 22 
22'A.. 
9 
71*4 7VA 
71*8— 
Z2oo 
51*8 5o+4 
51*8+ Va 
21 
53'A 53 
53'A + 
'A 
7 
296 23+a 
23'A 23’A 
16 
64*4 63 
63*8— VA 
7 
875 22+4 
22 
22'8— 
*8 

74*4 
71'8 ConE pf 
6 
52"? 
49 
ConE pf 4.65 
56+4 
52'4 ConE pf 
5 
“ 
22*8 ConFds 1.4o 
ConF pf 4.5o 
Con F rgt 
.8o 

27 
71V? 
63 
26'? 
22 
4o+8 -34*8 Con NGS 2.5o 
8 
547 
4o*8 39'A 
4o>4+ 
*8 
119 
119 — 1*8 
21*8 
22 + 
'A 
44 
44 . . . . 
48'A 
48'A— 
79'A 
8o . .. . 
82 
83 + 
82 
83 + 1 
81'A 
81*8+ *8 
.. 
53 
25*4 
25*8 25'/?+ 
13 7o'A 
69*8 
7o + 
Va 
2o 
87'A 87'A 87'A+ 2'/e 
IO 
565 
6*8 
6'8 
6'A 

 z9o 121 
6 9o1 
22 
Z3o 
44 z9oo 
5o 
Z27o 8o z59o 
83 
.. Z41o 83 
Z19oo 
82 

121 
117"? CnG pf 1o.96 
23'A 
2o*8 Cons Pw 
2 
47 
43"? CnPw pf4 16 
52 
48 CnPw p t4 5o 
82 
77v? CnPw pt7 45 
84'A 
7»"b CnPw pf7.72 
86'A 
8o"? CnPw pf776 
84+a 
SO CnPw pf7 68 
26+i 
25' a CnPw pf2.43 
74' ? 
67"4 CnPw pts 5o 
93'A 
84 CnPw pf 
6 
7+8 
6 
Cont A ir 
6"a 
5'A ContCop 
5o 
58 5*8 
5'A 
5'A— +8 
13*a 
12' ? CtCop pf 1.25 
ZUO 13 
13 
13 
.. 
54*8 
47+4 ContlCp 2.8o 13 
387 48+8 
47+A 
48*8+ +8 
59"? 
52'A O IC pfB2.5o 
2 52'A 
52'A 
52'A— VA 
37 "4 
33"? Cot I G rp 
2 9 1o28 36*8 
36 
36'/?— 1/4 
6o*8 
51"? Con ll Cp 2 4o 7 259 53'A 
SVA 
52’8 — VA 
17'A 
15*b 
Conti IP 1.28 8 217 16'8 
15*8 
16 
. 
2+4 
I"? Cont ll Rf 
.. 
15o 
2V? 
2+8 
2*8 
38 
33"? Cont O il 1.2o 8 2297 35+8 
34"? 
35’A— Va 
17*b 
15 
ContTel I o8 
9 15o6 15*A 
15'8 
15'A— +/4 
26*e 
2o'a Con to t a 
15e 8 12o9 22 
2o'8 
2V8— *8 
. Z15o 5o+A 
5o'A 
5o'A— VA 
8 
3o 39+A 
39 
39+A+ VA 
7 
62 
3*8 
3*8 
3*4......... 
41+A 
42*8— Va 
I 15o 
15o 
15o — I 
3o7 
1o*8 
9*8 
IO **.... 

52+4 
46"? CnDt pf4,5o 
39*4 
35*8 Conwd 
2.2o 
4*8 
3*8 CookUn 
3ot 
43% 
38+a Cooprln 1.o8 11 
328 
43 
151 
142 
Copt p fB2.5o 
12'? 
9*8 CoopLab .2o 
18*8 
IS 
COOPT R 
.7o 
18+A 
16*8 C opt pf I 25 
2o+8 
17 
Copei nd 
68 
24 
19'A CoppRg 
SI"? 
45 
Coppw 2,4ob 
33, 
- 
- 
71V 
I Va Cousins 
14+8 
12 
33*8 
28 

8 
3 
43 15*8 15 
15’A — 
.. 
12 18'8 
18 
18 
. 
8 
21o 17*8 17*8 
17*8.. 
279 
19*8 
19’ o 
19*8— 
'8 
7 l l 48 
46'A 
46'A— VA 
3'u Cordura lOe 13 
32o 
3*8 
3'A 
3'8— +^ 
59+a CornG 152a 
12 
376 63 
6o 
62"?+ Va 
29 
1*b 
VA 
Cowles 
.64 17 
246 
14+8 
14 
Cox Bde! 

VA. 
14'8+ 
Va 

33* * 
C raig 
* 
6 ^ 4 a j 8 ? ran^ 
J 2ob 
22 
2SJ4 S rW ifF 2+ r f 7'/« 
42'4 Crock a1 ' 66 
| ' > a - C r S ^ » > 3 ? 

I t ; 
2 « 3 
« » . 
» « * - 
13*8 o i6 S u,bro 
{ l f ? 581 
‘ oat 
4o' + 
52*4 
4 5* r UlliZan 
44 i i i 3 
IO’ a jo £ 
2 ^ + 

Yearly 
High la w 
Sales 
Net 
(hd».) H igh lo w la*? Chg. 

*A 

11*A + 
38 
+ 

149 
29'? 
28'8 
28+A— VA 
185 11+8 
TOV? l l 
— t/4 
452 32+A 
3VA 31’%— 
73 
5'8 
4*8 
4*8— 
488 
27 
26+8 26*8— 
Va 
7 43 
42'A 42'A— 
48 15*8 
T5 
15 - 
28*8 CrouHi I 12 
151 
31*8 
31'A 31*8+ 
*8 
77 
CTO Hi pf3.35 l l 84'? 
84 
84 
+ 
VA 
*8 

9' a 
8 CunnDrg .25 
12+4 
11*8 C u rrln c 1.o8 
18*8 
15'4 C urtisW r .6o 
28'? 
25+A C u rtW A 2 . 
44+8 
37+b CutlerH I 8o 
28"? 
23 
Cyclop 1.2oa 
26% 

I 
39 
8*8 
8'A 
8'A + Va 
17 
12'A 
12'8 
12'A.. 
952 
18*4 
17*4 
18*8+ Va 
I 
27"? 
27V? 
27'A— 
Va 
274 
42*4 
42 
42*8... 
5o 
24*4 23*4 
24 
— Ss 
25 — 
*4 

6' ? DPP Inc 
6*8 Damon 
8'A D anR iv 
29+4 
24' ? DanaCp 
35'? 
3o'4 D a rtln d 
39 
33'A D art pf 

8'A 
8+4 
9+4 

23*8 Cyprus I 4o 61 
192 
25*4 
25 d- e - f 

IO 
54 7 
6+4 
6+4- 
2o 52 
434 7V? 
7'A 
7'A- 
48 
5 
129 9 
8*8 
8*/»- 
M 
I 
8 
759 25*4 24*» 
25*s— 
'A lb 
8 
521 33'A 32 
33 
+ 
Va m 2 
.. 
26 35*4 35 
35*4........ 
46'4 
4o'A D a taG en 
18 
895 
42*8 4o+e 
42'A + 1’4 
22'? 
21 
D a ta p n t 
9 
598 
22’% 21 
21'A........... 
19'A 
15*b Dayco 
5ob 
4 
29 17*8 16*8 
16*8— 
Va 
38*8 
33'? D aytH d 1.2o 
9 
329 35*4 34+4 
35'A . .. 
2o'a 
18+s D a ytP L 1.66 TO 
446 19*4 19*8 
19*8 ... 
86’ / 
83 DPL pf 
7 48 .. zlOO 
86'A 86’A 
86V?+ I 
. z5o 88'A 88 
88 — 
Va 
ZUO 126'A 125 
125 — VA 
8 2213 31 
29*4 
3o'/?— 
*8 
6 
536 28+4 
27'A 
27'A— 1*8 
9 
677 13'A 13 
13'A— 
'A 
39+b 
3o 
Delta A ir .7o 
8 1o42 
31'A 
3o'A 
3VA+- 
8"? 
4'A Deltec 
13 
345 8’A 
8*a 
8'A + 'A 
5'A 
4"8 Deltona 
62 4'A 
4'A 
4*8+ 'A 
26+A 
23 DennM f 
1.24 
7 
114 25*4 25’A 
25*4— 
24*4 
18^8 Dennys 
44 
9 
312 19*8 
18*8 18+A— 
3o+a 
24* b Dentsply 8o l l 
114 25*4 
24*8 25'A.. 
14*8 
12'/ Desoto 
.6o 
8 
1o7 13'A 
12*4 
12* 4— 'A 
16' j 
15’ a D etE dis 1.45 
9 
774 15+A 
15'/? 15'/?.. 
12 65'A 65 
65 
. 
Z55o 98'A 97*e 
98'/?+ 
ZI2o 8o+A 8o*4 
8o+4— 
Z37o 
8o 
77 Vt 
79'A + VA 
Z124o 
79'/? 76Vt 
78'A + 
Va 
, 
17 28'A 
27*4 
27*4— Va 
65 
28 
9 
184 24*4 24 
8 
116 
7 
6*8 
Z4oo 
13'A 13 

89 
84 
DPL pf 7 7o 
129+4 
125 DPL pf 12 5o 
313A 
26"? Deere 
ITO 
29*8 
26+4 Del Mon I SO 
14*8 
13 
Del m aP 1.2o 

68 
TOI 
83 
8 Va 
76 
8o 
75 
29 

63' ? DetE pf 5.5o 
95'A DetE pf 9.32 
78 
DetE pf 7 68 
DetE pf 7 45 
DetE p l 7 36 
27*» DetE pf 2.75 
28*8 
27*8 DeE ptB2.75 
26"? 
22*b Dexter 
.8o 
8*8 
6' ? D iG iorg o5e 
16 
13 
D iG ior p f.88 
13"? 
12' 4 Dial Finl 
.7o 
39*6 
35' ? Diam Int 
2 
22'a 
17 
Diam M 1.72t 

'A 

27*8 
27*8— 
*8 
24*4+ 
'A 
7 
+ 
'A 
13'/4— 
Va 
'A 
6 
12 12'A 
12+s 
12'/?+ 
8 
164 35*A 35'? 
35'%-. 
7 
16o 21 *A 21 
S ?4 DiamSh 
1 in 9 1 
, 
21*A+ 
*% 
34*8 
3o*8 Dia p fD 
I 2o 
?4 
34+4— 
A, 
W * 
7 
D ickA B 
?o 13 )39 
3o^4 
3,,/+ 
7*8 
7'A- 
13+8 
IV A D ictaphn 64 l l 
188 
12*8 
11+8 
11+8— 
*4 
14'A IV A Diebold 
.5o 
9 
122 12 
U *s 
12 
+ 
Va 
54 
4 o 'v D ig ita lE q 
19 3926 43'A 4o’A 
42*8— 
+8 
12*8 8*s D iningm 
52 
5 
318 1o+4 
1o'A 
1o*8 . 
33*8 3o 
D illon 
1.o8b 
12 
55 3VA 3o 
3o — Va 

47*8 
33*8 Disney 
16 u iv s i 35'A 
34*8 35 
2 
V a D lvrsfd ln 
.. 
171 
1*8 
VA 1+8 
1*4 
VA D lvrsM tg 
132 
VA 
VA VA 
14+4 l l 
D rPeppr 
44 IS 
1332 12'A 
11*8 11*4- 
"a 
52*8 
42"? DomeM 
8o 15 
289 49'A 
47*8 47*8— 1*4 
A'1 
2*8 Don Lu J 
12e 6 
191 
3'A 
2*4 3 
............. 
24+4 
22 Donnelly 
68 IO 
23o 23' ? 
22*8 23 
- 
'A 
18*8 
16'4 D orO liv .18e 5 
24 16*4 i 6A 
12+4 
IO' 8 Dorsey 
TO 5 
28 11*4 
11*8 
41"? 
34*8 Dover Cp .9o l l 
132 38'A 
37*. 
43% 
36<« Dow Ch 
I l l 4137 38 
36' ? 36*4— VA 
34’ A 
29*4 Dow Jon I 16 16 
54 3VA 
3o*4 3o*4— 
+4 
28 
22+8 
Dr avo 
1.o5 9 
493 27'A 
25 'A 25+4- VA 
42+4 
37"b Dresser 
8o TO USI 4o"? 
39+4 TO'*— 
'A 
18'A 
16*4 Dr ex Bd 
1.44 
43 
17'A 16*A 17'A+ 
Va 
8+4 
7*8 D reyfus 
55e 6 
32 
7*4 
7+8 
7+4....... 
135 
123 duPont 
5 13 17o7 126 
123 
123*A— 2*8 
52 
49 duP nt pf3.5o .. 
38 49'A 49 
49 — 
*8 
66’A 62+4 duP nt pf4.5o 
25 63*4 62+4 
63 
— 
'A 
22+4 
19*8 DukeP 
1.6o 8 4o44 
2o*8 
19*4 2o'A— 
'A 
91+4 
84 Duke pf 
6 75 
. 
I 
87'A 87'A 87’A + 
*4, 
1o3"? 
99% Duke pf 8 7o ..Z346o 
TOVA IOO"? 1oVA+ I 
99 
93’ ? Duke pf 8 2o .. 
Z22o 97 
96'A 
96’/?— 
'A 
95 
9o 
Duke pf 7 8o .. 
1o7 92*8 91+4 
91*4— 
*8 
31"? 
29 Duke pf 2.69 
31 
29*. 29'4 29*4........... 
3o"? 
26' 4 D unB rd 
I o6 
16 1197 28*8 27+A 
28 
............... 
2o+4 
19'% D uqLtg 1.72 IO 
613 
19*8 W A W A ........... 
26’ ? 
24'? Duq pf A2 TO .. z5o 25"? 
25' ? 25’/?— I 
— ■ - 
* 
Z173o 25 
24'A 24'A— 
Va z6o 
25 
25 
25 
-------- 
Z1o 
25 
25 
25 — 
Vt 
Z223o 26'A 
26'A 
26V?_____ 
Z319o 
3o'8 29'A 3o’4 + 
'A 
ZITO 87 
87 
87 
.......... 
74 
12 
11*8 l l * . — 
Va 
86 l l 
1o+8 1o*8- 
Va 

25 
26 
26 
27'A 
31 
89 
13'A 
12'% 
2o*8 
A 
52*4 

23' ? Duq pf 
2 
23’ ? Dub pf 2 o5 
24’a Duq pfG2 IO 
26 
Duq pf 2 31 
29'A Duq pf 2.75 
84"? Duq pf 7 2o 
IT A Dutch By 
14 l l 
978 D ym oln 
44 
7 

17 
3'A 
19*8 
478 l l 
29 
8*8 

11'8 
IO 
E m pD pf .92 
26*8 
18' a EmpGas 
4o 
36*8 
33'A EnglM C 1.2o 
6*4 
5+? E n nisB 
.32 

36 15 
677 19*8 18*4 
19*8 + 
7 
84 3*8 3'/? 
3'A............ 
8 
2o1 44*4 43*8 44+4+ VA 
9 
64 4o*A 39'A 3 9 *8 - VA 
I 2o 
2o 
2o 
— 
*4 
152 19'A 19' a 
19'A+ 
'A 
7'A 
7 
7 'A + 
'A 
27+8 26*4 
27'A— 
Va 
18'A 
17'A 
17*8— 
+8 
— 
- 
— 
3,b 
Va 
*8 
*8 

14*A— 
'A 
2’A— 
'A 
16*8- 
Va 
A — 
*8 
1o*4 

51 
51 
51 
— 
15*8 
15'A 
15*8— 
6 
5*/a 
5*A.. 
1o+A 
1o*4 
1o*4 . 
24*8 
23'A 2 3 *8 - I 

16'A EG&G 
3*8 EM I L f 
12e 
TO+A ESyst 1.6ob 
41*e 
38*8 E agleP 
I 36 
2o*4 
2o 
E agleP wi 
21*8 
18+s EascoCp 75 
7 
9+8 
7 
E a st A ir 
4 843 
29'a 
24 
EastG sF .8o 
9 93o 
19*/e 
17'A East UU 1.6o 
9 
72 
86+4 
67'A EasKd 1.6oa 
17 3569 69*8 
67*8 68’/?— 
44'A 
39*8 Eaton 
2 
8 412 42'A 
41V? 
41*A— 
27*8 
22'A E chlin 
.6o 
12 239 23 
22*8 23 
+ 
29'b 
22+4 E ckrd Jk 
48 l l 551 23V? 
22*A 23 
— 
6o*8 
58+4 EdisB ro 2.2o 
8 
16 59*A 
58'/? 
58’A ~ VA 
15'A 
12*8 Edw rds 6oa 
3 
41 13'A 
12*8 
12*8— Va 
14'A El Paso 
1.1o 
9 814 15 
14+A 
2'A Flee Asse 
3o 
2'A 
2'A 
15"? EDS 
.6o 
14 
123 17'A 
16 
3’A EIM eM g 
3 27o 
4+8 
4 
9"? E IM M p flk 
.. 
2o 1o*4 
1o+8 
W A ElginN at la 
8 476 24*8 
2VA 
21+8- 3 
6 
E lix irln d 
6 224 
6*8 
6'A 
6*8+ 
Va 
31*8 
27' ? E ltraC p 1.16 
8 
96 3o*8 
29*8 
29*4— *8 
36 
3VA E m erE I 
I 
16 977 3378 
33'A 
33'A— Va 
38*6 
32*4 E m ery I 2o 
17 3o9 35 
33'A 
3 3 *4 - Va 
12"? 
TO 
E m e ryln 44 
9 
86 1o*4 
TOV* 
1o*8— Va 
39*8 
32*8 E m h a rt I 8o 
7 
488 39'A 
37*8 
37*8— 1*A 
52*8 
44 E m hart pf 
3 
16'/? 
15 
E m pD E 1.36 
TO 
73 
6"? 
5*6 Em pD pf.5o z29o 
* 
“ 
“ 
— 
ZlOO 
7 
81 
9 
863 
36'A 35'A 36*8+ 
5 
67 
6*6 
6'6 
6'A— 
32"? 
27'A Enserch 1.72 
8 1253 28*b 
27*8 
28'A+ 
34'4 
27 
Entex 
1.2o 
7 
15o 3o+A 
29*8 
3o*4+ 
37"? 
SVA E nvrtec 
3oe 
TO 593 35*6 
34+A 
35*/a+ 
29+4 
25’% E quifax 
2a 
9 
2o 27V? 
26*/s 
26*/b— 
14'A 
12 
E q uim rk 
88 
7 
TOI 12*8 
12 
12'A— 
39 
35*8 EquitG s 2 84 
6 
34 36 
35*8 
35-A— 
26*8 
22+4 E q u tL f 2.14e 
12 
123 24*A 
24'A 
24*/e+ 
35*8 
29*6 Esm ark I 76 
7 8o8 31'A 
3o’A 
3o*/e+ 
1o*8 
8'A E s q u ire 
16 
242 IO 
9 
9*8+ 
8+8 
6+4 E sterline .36 7x1o9 
7'A 
6+4 
7 
— 
45*4 
41 
E thyl 
I 6o 
6 
1o9 43+4 
42’/? 
43*4+ VA 
59"4 
53'A E thyl pf2.4o 
.. l l 56'A 
54*4 
55*4+ I 
14 
11*8 EvansPd 6o 
7 1o41 12*8 
11*8 
11*8— *8 
15*8 
14's Evans pf 1.4o 
.. 166 15 
14+A 
14*4— Va 
29 
25 
E xce l O 1.25 
8 228 28*6 
27'A 
27%— *A 
21"? 
19*4 E xclsr !.73e 
.. 
38 2o*8 
2o's 
2o*8+ +8 
55'A 
49% Exxon 
3 
9 3938 51 
5o 
5o+4— Va 
26+a 
24 
FM C 
I l l 562 25*8 
24*A 
25 — Va 
38 
35 FMC pf2.25 
134 
36*4 
36 
36>A+- 
Va 
9*8 
, 7+4 
Fabrge 
.4o 8 292 
8'A 8'A 
8'A— 'A 
9+a 
/ 6'A F a b riC tr 
2o 5 347 
8'A 6'A 
6+A— VA 
6+4 
5*4 Facet Eof l l 
46 
5*A 5+A 
5*4— 'A 
4VA 
31% FairC am 
8o 14 75o 33*A 31% 
32'A— 1% l l ’ a 
9*8 F a irln d 
.3o 
9 
78 
9% 9+8 
9+8— 'A 
13% 
IV A F a irm tF 
.68 
8 
57 
12'A 12 
12*8+ Va 
14% 
12'4 F a irm tp f 
I 
6 
9% 
8% F rW s tF n 
7 27 
6% 
4V? F a ra h M f 
143 
7*4 
5’A Fedders 
35 427 
27+4 
24 
FedrlCo 1.6o 
25"? 
21% FdMog 
ITO 
17'A 
15'A Fed NM I 
I 
19*8 
16*A Fed Pa Bd .9o 
24 
21 
FPap p fl.2o 
14*6 
13’ 2 FdSignl 
8o 
7 
49'a 
38*a FedDSt 146 l l 
34' a 
3o+b Ferro 
1.25 
8 
1o*4 
8*6 F ib re b rd 
.. 
7'A 
6 
F id F in 
3o 
6 
35*8 
32+b Fidel Un 2.4o 
7 
2o*4 
19 
Fielders! la 
6 
14+4 
9'A F iltro l 
7 
19+A 
16+4 FinSanB 
48 
5 
2VA 
17 
Finl Fed 
.5o 
6 

13'A 13'A 
13'A... 
9+8 
9 ’A 
9 'A ... 
5'A 
5 
5 
— 
6 
5'A 
5*8— 
7 
54 27'A 26'A 26*/s+ 
6 
1o9 23 
22 
22 
— 
6 
2488 15*4 
15'A 15'A 
5 
12o 18% 
18'A 18’A— 
I 
23’A 
23'A 23'A ... 
7 
53 14% 
13'A 13V?— 
887 39% 
38+e 39'A— 
13o 32 
31% 31*4 + 
161 
9% 
9+A 9%— 
23o 
6+A 
6'A 
6*4 + 
TOO 35'A 
34% 34+A+ 
49 2o'A 
2o’A 2o'A— 
66 
13*A 
13'/? 13*A... 
136 19 
18’A 19 
+ 
272 21 
2o'A 21 
+ 
?7?/4 
X I * E ir.2! tn 
1 1o 
12 119o M 3* 
I 94* » % + 
17'A 
13'? FstChar ,15r 
7 1944 17'A 
16'A 17'A + 

17"* 
X !/4 c *1£ t C 
,1 V 5 2o' " 19311 
1W4~ 
J /’ e 
31»4 Ft Bn Tex 
I 
IO 236 34^2 
34 
34 
4- 
43*4 
37'A Fst In Bn 1.2o TO 2o3 38'A 
37% 37+4. 
I L 
I 2 '4 F s,M 'SS 
36 l l 
741 14+A 
13% 14%+ 
3o % 
26% FSI NBO 1.88 8 222 27'A 
26% 27*6 + 
26% 
24’ ? 
FtNStBn 
2 8 
46 25 
24% 24*/a__ 

17’ ? ^ 
Fp V fa« . ’ -3 2 1 o 
3718 ’ 7V8 '< * i7 ' t r 
1*4 F tP a M tg 
78 
11+A FsfUnRI 
I 14 
28 
6' a FstVa Bk 
45 
8 
99 

2+A 
12*4 
7'? 
24'6 
31 
13% 
14% 
19% 
17'A 
14 

21 
FWisCp 1.76 
27+a FischM I 2o 
1o*6 FishFds 
6o 
12'A FishrSci 
.28 
IV A F le e tEnt 
TO TO 1o58 
16'A Flem ing 
.8o 8 
221 
1o+A Flexi Van 2o TO 
387 
23% 
18' a F lintkot 1.16 16 
81 
63 
F lin t pf4.5o .. 
4o*4 
3o 
F lin t pf2.2S 
36'A 
23' 4 FlaEC st 
18 
24 
2o 
FlaGas 
1.2o 
8 
28 
21"? F laP w L 1.56 l l 
32% 
28% Fla Pow 2 28 
9 
24'? 
2o 
FlaStl 
1.2o 15 
38'A 
33' 4 Fluor Cp 
I 
7+6 
5% F d F a ir 
.2o 
16*8 
14'j FooteCB 
I 
61*8 
52*8 FordM 3.2o 
17'A 
15'A For MCK 
I 
28 
25+A FM K pf 1.8o 
15+A 
14% Ft Dear 
1.24 

2 
12'A 
6% 
23'A 
51 
29% 
385 
71 

261 

1+A 
I SA­ 
IT A 12'A + 
6'A 
6+6+ 
22% 22'A — 
28'A 28'A— I 
IV A 
1o% l l 
.......... 
13 
12'A 
12'/?— 
% 
12% IV A 
12 
— 
Vt 
16% 16% 
16+A+ 
'A 
IV A l l l l 
— 
Va 
19% 18'A 
18*8— 
% z3o 
73 
73 
73 
— 5'/? 
9 
38 
36'A 36' a— 3'A 
14 
32*4 32% 
32'A— 
*4 
246 
22% 22"? 
2 2 *8 - 
Va 
794 
25'A 2VA 
25'A............ 
41o 
3o'A 29% 
3o%+ 
Va 
35 
2o*4 2o 
2oV?— 
9 
1252 34V? 33V4 
34'A— 
8 
1o7 
6% 
6% 
6% + 
8 
45 16% 16 
16'A— 
5 
5796 55'A 52% 54%— 
7 
1555 16' a 15'A 
15*A— 
. 
1o7 26% 25*4 
26+a- 
8o 
15% 
14+4 14%— 
37% 
23+A FtH ow P .72 ll 239 
35’ ? 33*4 34 
— 1% 
23% 
19'? FosWh 
9 
7o4 
23% 
21*A 
23’A + 1% 
5o% 
42’ a Foxboro I 2o 
IO 174 
5o% 49'A 49+4— 
% 
29'? 
21% F rnkln M .74 
8 213 
23+A 22% 23 — 
% 
31% 
26% FreepM 
I 6o 9 5o8 
26% 26>4 26%........... 
23'? 
16% F rig trn 
1oe 
33 779 
22% 21% 22%+ 
% 
31*4 
27% Fruehf 
1.8o 
7 357 
29*e 28*4 29%.. 
9% Fuoua 
36 6 572 
G—II—I 
GAFCp 
6o 
9 461 

13 
IO 
9'A 
9'A- 

13% 
19*4 l l 
16*4 G AFpf 
I 2o 
34% 
28*4 G ATX 
I 8o l l 
45 
39% GATX pf2.5o 
9+a 
7% GCACp 
o5e 19 
6 
5'A GF Busn 
.32 .. 
6'A 
4% G ablelnd 

11% l l 
IV A — Vt 
97 
17'A 16*4 
16%— v? 
2o8 
3o 
29*8 
29%— 'A 
4 
39'? 39'A 
39’A— Va 
62 
8'A 
7% 
8 
- 
% 
59 
5% 
5% 
5*8— 
'A 
165 
5’A 
5 
5 
— 
1/4 
32’ ? 
22"? GamSk 
1 4o 
8 1428 
32"? 
29% 32'/?+ 3'A 
29% 
22% G am s p fl 6o 
.. TO 
29'A 
27 29%+ 1% 
3o 
24 GamS p fl.75 
8 3o 
28"? 
3o 
+ 2’A 
4o*4 
32% Gannett 
I 
15 4o2 
34’A 
33'A 33*8— % 
9*A 
9*8 
9*8— 
% 
2 VA 
2o% 
21% + 
*8 
15’A 
14% 
14%— 
% 
13+A 
13'/? 
13'/?— 
1/4 
9'A 
8*8 
9'A+- 

13 
9 
G apStrs 2oe 
7 
98 
21"? 
17'A GardDen .76 2o 2o21 
15+A 
13% G a rfin k 1.o4 
7 
69 
15% 
13V? GasSvc 
I 2o 
9 
74 
9'A 
6'A G atew y 
15e 4 358 
27% 
22 G e a rh rt .28 12x113 
26'A 
25"? 25*4— 
19% 
17*4 Gem Cap 
.. 
75 
17% 
14*4 Gem In 1.2oa 
47 
12"? 
9% GA Inv 1.22e 
154 
62"? 
52+A GnAmO lb 
16 295 
14% 
IVA Gen Banc 8o 
8 
55 14 
12+A 
1o*8 GnCable 
72 
TO 
625 12 
26% 
21% GCinma 
68 
7 
135 22'A 
6 
4% Gen Devi 
5 3oo 
5'A 
61 
49 G enD yn 
6 29o8 
57+4 
51'A 54'A— 3'A 
55% 
47*A Gen El 
I 8o 
12 4631 49*4 
47*A 
49'A— 
'A 
33 
29 
GnFood 1.64 
9 1142 31% 
31'A 
31'A..... 
21% GnGtb 1.38e 
2o 
92 22% 
22'A l l 
Gen Host .6o 
. 
92 12 
11% 

18% 
17% 
17%— 
% 
15% 
15'A 
15%+ 
% 
1o*8 
9% 
1o%— 
Vs 
57 
54'A 
56'A+ 
V? 
14 
13'A 
13*8— 
Va 
12 
1o% 
12 
+ I 
21'A 
22'A— 
Va 
4% 
5 — 
Vt 

23% 
12*8 
22% 
38'? 

22'A ... 
. . . . 12 
. . . 
18'A Gen Inst 
22t 15 
715 
2o+A 
19% 
19*4— 
36 
Gn Instr pf3 
.. 
12 36+A 
36'A 36'A 
2o*b 
17'? Gen Med 
.3o 
TO 
64 19 
18'A 18*8— 
34% 
26*4 Gen M il Is 
88 
12 1559 28'A 
27% 2 8 'A ... 
78"? 
66% GnMot 5.8oe 
7 5922 68 
66'A 67'A— 
55 
51"? GMO! pf3.75 
.. 
I SVA 
5VA SVA— 
72+4 
69 % GMot pf 
5 
26 
7o% 69>A 69'A— 
8*4 
6% 
Gen Port 
369 9o 
7'A 
7'A 
7+8— 
19% 
18 
GPU 
1.68 
9 1299 19% 
18+A 18%— 
9% 
7'A 
GenRetr lOe 
42 117 
7% 
7'A 
7*8— 
53% 
49% GnSignl 1 o4 
13 144 
51"? 5o*8 51 
— 
8% 
6 
Gen Steel 
31% 
28"? G TelEl 
2 
36*8 
32*4 GTI El pf 2.5o 
29 
27+A GTI El pf 2 48 
16% 
14"? GTFI pf 1.25 
16'? 
15'A GTFI pf I 3o 
1o3 
97*4 GTFI pf 8.16 
28% 
25'A GT ire 
1.2ob 
6% 
4'A Geneseo 
23% 
21 
Genstar 1.4o 

92 
6'A 
6 
— 
9 2o26 
29+A 29% 
29'A— 
.. 
21 
35 
33 
34'/?+ I 
.. 
82 
28% 28 
28'A— Va 
.. Z45o 
15'A 15'A 
15'A+- Va 
Z167o 
16'A. 15*4 
16 
+ 
Va 
ZUO IOO 
IOO 
IOO 
.......... 
6 
466 
26% 25% 
26'A— Va 
2o 
356 
5% 
5'A 
5'A— 
Va 
21'/? 21% 
21'A— 'A 
37"? 
31 
Genu Pts .9o IS 
594 
32% 
31+A 31*A— I 
38"? 
3V ? Ga Pac 
8ob 
15 1964 
33+8 32 
33 
27*8 27% 27'A + 
64 
29% 29 
29'A.. 
28% 
26+a Ga Pw pf2.52 .. 
3o'A 
28"? GaPw pf2.75 .. 
89 
85 
GaPw pf7 8o . .1 
86+4 
82"? GaPw pf7.72 

212 
181% 
GettyO 2.7oe 13 161 
18"? 
17"? GettO p fl 2o 
5 
1o% 
8*4 
Giant PC .6o 18 
42 
11% 
8*4 
Gibr Fin.lOr 6 839 
11% 
8+A 
G iddLew TO 13 374 
16'A 
13% G itfd H ill .8o 6 
56 
28% 
25'A G illette 
1.5o TO 1135 
9% 
7'A G in o s ln c 
7 174 
14% 
TO"? GleasW 
29e 
TO 
51 
9+a 
7 
G lo b M a r 
446 
33"? 
24*b GtObeUn I TO 6 355 
29'A 28 
19% 
16% GldW Fn ,12e 
A 
84 
19"? 
17'A GoldW pf .78 
.. 2o2 
31% 
25'A Goodrh 
1 12 32 774 
92 
88 Gdrch pf7.85 z36o 
23% 
19% Goodyr 
1.1o 
12 311o 
12% 
11% G orJw lA 4o 6 
33 
33’A 
27"4 Gould 
1.12 
9 2o27 
32+A 
27% Gould pf 1.35 
. 26o 
31% 
28 Grace 
1.7o 
8 973 

32V? 

21’ A 
16 
Grand Un 
I 
7 
24 
15+e 
13% G ran lfvl 
.9o 
5 
6o 
18% 
16% Gray Drg .8o 
5 
22 
14*4 
1o% GI At! Pac 
TO 544 
32% 
22% G tLkD I 2oa 
7 
29'? 
19*4 G tN olr 1.5oe 19 
39 
32% 
27"4 GtNoNk I IO 
8 
314 
3o% 
29'A 
24" 
27+a 
23% 
2o% 
29 
15% 
2'A 
2*8 
IO' ? 
19% 
16% 
18% 
3% 
74% 
87 
4o*4 
13"? 
3'A 

19"? G tW stU td 
2 
18'? GtWn pf I 88 
18% G rG iant 1.o8 16 
25"? GrGt p fl 76 
14 
Greyh 
1.o4a 
8 
1% Greyhnd w t 
I 
G rolier 
8"? GrowC 
32b 
6 
16% G rum m 
.8o 
5 
14*8 G uardln 
.3o 6 
12+4 GulfW stn .66 
3 4692 
•A G it W ind wt 
72 
G lfW pf5.75 

86 
85*4 
85%— 
'A 
84 
82"? 
83 
32"? 
31% 
32VA + 
Vt 
185% 182"? 185% + 
2 
TO 
TO 
TO 
.. 
9 
8% 
8%— 
Va 
11% 
1o% l l 
— 
'A 
IVA 
1o% 
1o%— 
'A 
14"? 
13% 
14 — 
% 
27'A 
26% 
26’A— 
Va 
7% 
7’A 
7'A— 
% 
12% 
TO’A 
TO'A— 
% 
8’A 
7% 
8 
+ 
% 
29"? 
28 
29'/?+ 
*4 
18% 
TO"? 
18%— 
'.A 
TO'A 
18% 
19VA + 
% 
3o% 
29% 
3 o '/? - 
% 
9o 
88"? 
9o 
. 
2o 
19% 
19%— 
"Va 
11+4 ll" ? l l Va— 
Va 
31 
29% 
31 
+ 
% 
3o% 
29% 
3o%+ 
'/* 
29 
28 
28% .. 
28% 
28'A 
28%— ’ ’A 
2o% 
2o% 
2o% .. 
14'A 
13% 
14 
+ 
'A 
16% 
TO"? 
16% . 
12% TO 
12%+ 
'% 
32'A 
3o 
3o'A— 1% 
26'A 
25% 
26 
+ 
Va 
3o% 
29'A 
29"?— 
Vt 
24'A 
22% 
24 Va + 
VA 
16 
21% 
2 UA 
21% 
43 
2o'A 
19% 
19%— 
23 
19'A 
18% 
5 
28'A 
28 
14% 
1*4 
VA 
8'A 

745 
81 
126 
84 
117 
24 

Yearly 
High la w 

■'You're right Our tube does hold more than our com petilorV " 

Yearly 
High lo w 
23'A 2i% H anJln I use 
6 
4'A Handlm n .2o 12 
23% 
19% HandvHa 8o 7 
29 
22’ ? Hanes 
1.36 
5 
54"? 
47'A Hanna 
I 8o 
8 
34*a 
32 
B ar Br J 1.44 
8 
IO 
8 
Hardees 
.16 
6 
35'A 
23% H arm an ,5ob 
21% 
16+A H arnishf .8o 
16% 
13*8 Harrah 
4o 
39% 
34'A H arr Bk I 5o 
36% 
28 
H a rris 
8o 14 
26"? 
24"A Harsco l.TOb 
6 
14"? 
12% HartSM x .72 
7 
29% 
25% H arteH k 
6o l l 
18 ? 
17 
HaftSe 1.44a 12 
25% 
23'A H a w iiEl I 88 
8 
19 
16 
Hayes Alb lb 
5 
12% 
9'A Hazeltn 
o5e 
6 
9% 
8 
Hecks 
.12 
7 
15*8 
IT A HeclaM .3o1 . 
TO"? 
15% H eilm B 
64 
7 
34 
29'A HeinzH 
1.2o 
9 
31% 
28’A Heinz pf I 7o 
6*8 
4*4 HeleneC 

Sales 
Net 
(bds.) High ta w le s t Chg. 
/v 22'A 
21+A 
22'A + 
Va 
168 
6 
5% 
5*4— 
% 
39 22% 21% 
21%— 
Va 
683 24% 22"? 
23'A— 1% 
8 
2o3 48"? 47'A 
47'A— I 
8 
115 33'A 32 
32+A— 
Va 
6 
71 
8% 
8'A 
8'A........... 
9x169 
34'A 33*4 
33*4— 
Va 
8 
371 21 
19+A 
2o*A+ 
% 
8 x84 15% 
14% 
1 4 % - 
'A 
7 
65 35 
34'/? 
35 
+ 
Va 
454 36% 34% 
36% + 2 
118 25'A 
24% 
25% + 
% 
264 12+A 
12*8 
12"?— 
Va 
19 
26"? 25% 
26 
— 
Vt 
81 
17% 17'A 
17V?........... 
24'A 24% 
24%........... 
16% 16*8 
16'/?— 
% 
1o% 
9'A 
9%— 'A 
8'A 
8'A 
8'A— 
Va 
352 14'A 13 
13 — VA 
342 2o'A 19’A 
2o 
+ 
*4 
436 3o'A 29'A 
29’A— 
’A 
6 
29'A 29 
29’A ........... 
5'A 
5'A.......... 
17*4 18+A+ 
I 

4) 
38 
75 
257 

41 
463 
5'A 
18+4 
34’A 
31*4 
33%+ 1% 
2 
1% 1% ............ 
8% 
8% 8% + 
Va 
% 
Va 
Va 
Va 
Vt 

22% 
17"? H e lle rln t 
.92 
34' ? 
3o"? Bel m er P 
.28 
13 411 
2'A 
1% 
Hem Cap 
.. 
4 
8% 
8 
Hem Inc 66e 
22 
28’ ? 
22% Hercules 
I 
TO 1o45 23% 22% 
23'A— 
22*8 
W A Hershey 1.12 
6 155 
2o'A 2o 
2o'A— 
12 
8+4 H esston 
.. 64 
8+A 
8’A 
8'A— 
19'A 
16'A Hestn p fl.6o 
2o 
17 
16*4 
17 + 
42% 
26 
Heublin 1.32 
9 1615 26% 26% 
2 6 % - 
87'A 
68"4 H ew ttP k 
4o 
TO 711 
74% 72 
72'/?— 2% 
8 
6 HghVolt .o5e 
18 
272 
7 
6'A 
7 
+ Va 
23*A 
2o*4 Hmenbd 
.82 9 
2o9 22 
21% J T A — Va 
22% 
19% H ilto n H tl .92 9 
225 2o% 
19*8 2o'A......... 
25*8 
2o% Hobart 
.92 l l 
142 21 
2o'A 21 
+ 'A 
8'? 
6 H offE le 
.24 
7 
9o 
6+A 
6% 
6+4+ 'A 
13*4 
IT A Holiday 
.46 9 1949 
24’A 
21% H lid yA 1.7o7 .. 
3 
32'A 
28 
HollyS 
2 4o 
8 63 
43% 
34"? Homestk 
I 21 828 
25’A 
22'A Honda 
.15r TO 163 
51% 
43"? Honywll 1.6o 9 12o3 47% 
46'A 47*4- 
24% 
2o*4 HoovBB 1.12 7 1o3 
23'A 22% 
22%— 
2'? 
1*4 
Horizon 
85 
2 
1+4 
2 .. 
18% 
13'A HospAff 32b 8 
357 18% 
16*4 
18%+ VA 
28"? 
21+4 HospCpA .TO 8 
462 22V? 
21*4 22'A— 'A 
11% 
9*8 Host Intl 
TO 6 
261 1o% 
9% 
TO 
+ 'A 

12 
IV A 
11%+ 
Va 
22'A 
21% 2 1 % - 
% 
29% 
29'A 
29'A— % 
4 TA 
4o*4 4o% 
23'A 
22% 
22'A— 

18*8 
15’A Houdail 
9oa 6 
271 
3o’A 
26’ 4 Houdpf 2.25 
I 
18*8 
16% HougM if .84 7 
56 
9*8 
7*4 
Hous Fab 32 7 
237 

16'A 
15% 
16'A+- 
Va 
27 
27 
27 
.......... 
17% 
17% 
17+a- 
*8 
8’A 
7% 
7%— 
21% 
19% HoushF I 2o 
7 2162 
2o’A 
19% 
2o — 
'A 
47'A 
43 
HOUF pf2.37 .. 
6 44V? 44V4 
44'A— 
38% 
35 
HOUF pf2 5o .. 
47 35*4 35 
35*4 + 
36'8 
31'A Hous Ind 1.76 
8 194o 33'A 32'A 
32%— I 

18*/e 
26 
14% 
14'A— ' 
1% 
1% .... 
1+A 
VA 
V/8— 
8% 
8'A 
8*4— 
17% 
16% 
16*4— I 
14% 
14'A 
14'/?— 
% 
13"? 
12*4 
13 
— 
27o113 16 
V e il 16— 
'A 
6o 
72*4 
72 
72'A— 
'A 
63'4 
64 
— I 
24 
65 
63 
G lfW pf3.87 
33" j GlfW pf2.5o 
1o8 34"* 33'A 33% 
1o*4 G ltL fH ld .6o 13 
576 
12% 
12% 
12+A 
TA G ulf M ig 
3o% 
27"? G ulfO 'l 
I 8o 
TO** 
16% GulfRes 
I 
29"? 
22*4 GulfR pf 2o 
25"? 
2o% GulfR pf I 3o 
25 
2o*4 GulfR p f l 6o 
14% 
12% G lfS tU t 1.12 
58'? 
55 
GlfSU pf 4 TO 
54 
GlfSU pf4.52 
4"? Gulton 
o5e 12 1216 
3% HMW 
. 
54 
35 
HackW 
2 8o 
8 
9 
17 
H a llF B 
76 l l 
441 
9o 
H a llP rr 
8oa 
6 
9 
64% 
54’ ? H a itib rt 
I t i 1758 56*8 
54*4 561*. 
25*4 
TO3* H a m rlP 1.3o 
8 
212 
24'* 
23% 
2 3 % - 
1A5,» HanJSe 1.49e 
1o9 . 17' ? 
17'A 
17%+ 

54 
7V, 
3*4 
37 
21'/? 
23 

18 

71 
3 
2% 
7 
2628 28*4 27% 
9 
5o2 
19 
18'A 
4 
27% 27'A 
27%.. 
. 
28 24 
23 
23'A— 
67 
24 
23% 
23'A— 
9 
1236 13% 13 
13%— 
Z25o 
56'A 55 zlOO 
54 
54 
7'A 
6*4 
3% 
3'A 
. . . 
36'A 35% 
36% + 
17% 17'A 
17% + 
2o 
2o 
2o 

2%— 
28%. . . 
18%— 

56'A— 
54 
. . . 
7% + 
3% + 

Va 

%. 

35*4 
3o% HousNG .7o TO 
12"? 
9% 
How John 32 8 
17% 
15'/* 
Hubbrd 1.2o 12 
19'A 
17*4 HudsnA 
8o 63 
18*4 
17*4 HudsnB .8o 63 
7% 
6*4 
Hugh Hat .4o 5 
42' ? 
34 Hugh STI 
“ 
18% 
15% Humana 5o 9 
16 
11% HuntCh 
17+4 
13 H u ttnE F 
.6o 3 
14*4 
12% Huyck 
.6o l l 
24*4 
21% ICInds 
1.4o 
6 
45% 
42"? ICInd pf3.5o 
. 
6'A 
4'A IC N P ha 
9 
47% 
TO'8 fNACp 
2.3o l l 1o88 
42 
2o% 
18*4 IN A In 
I 59a 
“ 
13% 
IV A IU Infl 
9o 
9 
36"? 
32’A I U lnl A 
31"* 
26"? IdahoP 
2,16 9 
23*4 
19% Ideal Ba I TO 
9 
99 
86 Ideal pf4.75 
. 
8% 
7 Vt idea Toy 32b 

7o4 
31% 3o*8 
3o' 2— 1% 
548 
9% 
9% 
9 % + 
Va 
35 
16% 16% 
16'A— % 
A 
18 
17*A 
17*4— I 
2 
18 
17*4 
17*4— Vt 
7 Va 
7 
7 
5o 
12 67o 37'A 
34% 
36*A+ 1% 
13o 17 
16'A 
16'A— 
Va 
34 
13 397 14% 
13% 
13%— 
Va 
317 13*4 
13 
13%— 
Va 
9o 
14 
13*4 
14 
.......... 
842 
23'A 
22% 
23'A.......... 
73 43'A 
43% 
43% 
263 
5 '? 
5'A 
41 
5’A ... 
41'/?— 
19%+- 
89 
19% 19'A 
479 
12'A IT A 
11*4— % 
16 
33'A 32'/? 
33%+ Va 
326 
26% 
26*4 
26%........ 
95 
2o'A 2o’A 
2o'A+ % 
2 
86*4 86*4 
86* 4+ *4 
49 
7*A 7'A 
7'A— 
27% 
25"A IllP o w r 
2.2o 11x632 
26% 
25% 26’A + 
27 
24*4 Ii Pow pf 2.o4 
27% 
25 11 Pow pf 2. TO . 
27 
25 11 Pow pf 2.13 
29"? 
26' A 11 Pow pf 2 21 
52’A 
48% ll Pow pf 4.12 . 
49+4 
45 11 Pow pf 3.78 
56 
52% ll Pow pf 4 47 
21+A ITW 
.56 13 
15 
Im p iCpA 24 
5 
977 16*4 
28 
INCO 
1.4oa l l 13o5 31 
6'A IncC ap 
9’A IncCCu 
88e 
77Vt IndiM pf7.o8 
117 
IndiM pf 
12 
24'A IndiGas 2.12 

28 
17% 
34 
7*A 
1o% 
81 
123 
29 

 yTOO 
25 
25 
25 — y2Qo 
26’A 
25 
26%+ VA y3oo 
26'A 
26"? 
26'A+ 
% y16o 
28% 
28'A 28'/?+ 
% y41oo 5o+4 48% 5o*4+ 1% y4o4o 48 
46% 46% + 
% x339 
54% 
54 
54% + 
Vt 
136 
23'A 
21*4 
22*A - 
% 
16 
28 
6'A 
IO 
79 

16%— 
Va 
28%— 3 
6*A.......... 
TO 
+ 
'A 
79 

71 
67A 
.. x35 lO’A 
ZITO 
79 
Z22o 12o 
T IV , 118'/?— I Vt 
6 
97 
25'/? 24'/? 
24*4— 
'A 
24*4 
23 
IndplP L I 9o 
9 2o1 24 
23'A 23*4............ 
18 
16 
IndlN at I TO 
8 
76 17% 
16*4 16%+ 
Va 
22% 
11% InexcoO 
22 1724 2o'A 
18V? 19 — VA 
76 
65 
IngerR 2.8o 
14 616 74'/? 
72*4 72*4— 2 
5o'4 
45 
IngR pf2.35 
3o% 
25% InmdCon 
I 
52'A 
45*8 InlndStl 2.6o 
23% 
14% Inm ont 
8o 
16% 
13% Insilco 
.88 
19"? 
18 
Insil pf A l. 25 
3o"? 
24*4 In sp cp p 
1% 
VA In stln vT r 
TO' ? 
8*4 Integon 
36 
46 
36*4 Interco 
I 8o 
9' ? 
5*4 In te rctD lv 
39% 
33*4 in te rla k 2 TO 
286% 266 
IBM 

2o 
47"? 46 
46’A— VA 
8 
254 29'A 28*4 
29 
+ 
% 
9 
426 47'A 46+4 
47'/?+ 
% 
8 
422 21'A 2o'A 
21 
+ 
% 
8x33o 
15*4 14% 15’A— 
% 
.. x45 
19% 18% 18%............ 
625 
22 
26'A 
25 
25 
— 1% 
.. 
66 
1% 1% 
V/?+ 
% 
6 
41 
9*8 9 
9 — 
Vt 
8 
466 4o% 39+A 
4o 
+ 
% 
7 
22 
8% 8'A 
8’/?+ 
Vs 
5 
TOO 35+A 35% 35%.. 
TO 17 296o 278’A 274% 2 7 6 % - VA 
22'A IS"? In tF la vF 44 
19 
9o2 
2o'A 19 
W A — % 
34"? 29% In tH a rv 1.85 
6 167o 
34% 33 
34% + V? 
44% 
37% IntM inC 2.4o 6 
873 
41% 4o% 
4oV?— Va 
48"? 
44"? In tM in r pf4 .. 
5 
46% 46 
46%+- % 
2o% 
13% IntM ng 
.TO 9 15o9 
2o% 19 
19%+ Va 
2o% 
16% In tM u lti 
.85 7 
268 
17'/? 16% 
17'A— 'A 
69% 
51% IntP aper 
2 IO 
812 
56% 55% 
56%+ 'A 
6% 
5% IntR ectlf .2o 
34% 
31'A IntT T 
1.76 
63% 
59 
IntT T pfH 
4 .. 
59"? 
55'? IntT T pf J 
4 .. 
58% 
53"? IntT T pfK 
4 .. 
65% 
62 
IntT T ptO 
5 .. 
41% 
38 
IntTT pf2.25 .. 
63 
59’A IntT T pf4.5o 
32 
28% Intrpce 
I 65 
7 
83% 
76% Intrpcepf 
5 
34% 
28% in trpG p 16o 
8 
18 
16% IntrsP w 1.45 
9 
27% 
24' 1 InPw pf 2 28 
5 
IntrstU n .24 21 
19% Iowa Bi 
.5o 4 
15% Iowa El 
I 4o 
2o% Iowa I IG 184 
26'A low ll I pf 2.31 

6% 
26"? 
17% 
23 "a 
28 

28 
6 
5% 
5*/e— 
'A 
8 339o 
32’A 31'/? 
31%— 
'A 
7 
59% 
59'/? 59'A.......... 
17 
56'A 56 
56%+ 
% 
. 
186 55% 
55 
55 — 
% 
. 
16 62"A 
62 
62% + 
% 
. 
636 38% 
38'A 
3 8'A ... 
23 
6o'? 59% 
6o'A+ 
Vt 
7 
29 3o% 
3o'A 
3o'A + 
'A 
7 
79Vt 78% 
79 
+ 
Va 
83 
34 
32% 34 
+ 
% 
85 
17% 
16% 
17'A.......... 
Z33o 
25% 25 
25%— 
Va 
115 
6"s 
6 
6 
— 
Va 
128 
24% 23% 
23%— VA 
Va 
% 
"A 
% 

9 
98 16% 15% 
16'A + 
9 
145 22'A 2 VA 
21%— 
. 
Z61o 27'A 27 
27 
— 
25% 
24*8 low aP L 
2 IO 
8 
99 25'A 24% 25'A+ 
22% 
2o% lowaPS 
1.8o TO 
83 21% 21% 21% ... 
6% 
4% IpcoHsp o5e 
8 
213 5'A 4% 
4%— 
18 
14 
ItekCp 
TO TOO 
14% 14 
14 
— 
15% 
12"? I tel Co 
3o 
6 5o5 
14'A 13% 14 — 

17% 
JamesF 
17*8 
14% Jantzen 
.8o 
1o'A 
8'A JapenF 
98e 
32% 
26% Jeff Pilot .8o 
1o3"? 
98'A J e re pf 9 36 
91 
83 
JerC pf 7.88 
132 
125% J erC pf 13 5o 
114 
1o9% JerC pf l l 
26% 
22% J e w e tt 
1.3o 
4% 
3% Je w e lco r 

6 
5o5 
14'A 

J — K — L 
8o TO 
95 
6 
4o 
3o7 
9 
383 

16% 
15'A 
8'A 

16'A 
16%+ % 
15% 
15%— V# 
8% 
8% .......... 
27'A 
26% 26%— 
Vt 
- Z173o TOI 
98V? IOO 
+ 
% 
.ZlOO 
86’A 86 
86 — '/? 
ZI 74o 128'A 127 
127*4— 1% 
Z46o 111% U V A 111%+ 
% 
7 
254 23% 23% 
23'/?— Va 
8 
38 
3% 
3% 
3% ........ 
34+b 
27% JhnM an 1.4o 13 156o 34% 32% 
34% + Va 
78'A 
65% JohnsJn la 19 1156 67% 66'A 
66'/?— VA 
17 
9'A JohnsEF 
8o 94 
454 
1o% 
9'A 
9+ A - I 
4o% 
26% JohnCn 1.4o IO 422 
39 
38 
38'A— 
'A 
15% 
13 
Jon Logn 6ob 6 79 
13% 13 
13’A ............ 
24% 
19% Jorgen 
I 7 47 
24% 24 
24%— 
% 
22'A 
18% Josfens 
8o l l 365 
22Vt 21 Vt 
22'A— 
% 
49 
4o' ? JoyM tg 1.3o 12 6o6 
47% 45’/? 
46 — VA 
2% 
1% J u s tic e M 
.. 
5 
1% 
1% 
1 % + 'A 
4o"? 
34 K L M A ir 
8 
4 
36% 
35% 35%— I 
39’A 
32"? K a isrAl 1.2o 16 
398 
35 % 
33% 
33%— 1% 
36 
33'A Kaisr Al wd 
IT A 
9'A KaisCem 
SO 
9 
17% 
15"? K aiCe p fl.37 .. 
32% 
29 
KaiCe pf2.5o 
1o% 
8% KaneM il .28 
5 
38 
27% Kaneb 
I l l 
3o'? 
28% K C tyP L 2.46 
9 
28% 
26% KCPL pf2.33 
35 
27% KCSouln I 2o 8 
12'A 
IVA KC Sou pf I 
22 
19% KanGEI I 76 
24"? 
TO 
KanNb 148 
8 
21 
19% KanP Lt I 7o 
7 
28% 
27'A KaPL pf2.32 .. 
26' a 
26% KaPL pf2.23 .. 
9% 
7% K a ty Ind 
4 
24 
19% Katy p fl 46 
.. 
8% 
7% K a u fBr 
o6e l l 
18% 
17’A Kauf pf I.SO 
2o% 
15% Kawecki l l 
11% 
9% Keene 
.3o 7 
12 
9"b K eller 
TO 
8 

232 
34% 33'A 33'A— 1% 
34o 
1o+A 1o'A 1o*8— Va 
13 
16'A 16 
25 
31'A 31 
114 
9'A 
8% 
2o1 
36 
34 
83 
3o 
29% 3o 
+ 
32 
27 % 26% 27%+ 
38 
34% 33% 34 
+ 
21o1o 
12'/? 12 
12'/?+ 
7 
2o1 2o% 2o% 2o% + 
8 
1o2 22'A 21% 22'/?+ 
7 
34o 2o"? 2o% 2o%— 
. 
18 28'A 28'A 28% + 
. 
26 26% 26% 26’A .. 
A 
161 
7 Vt 
7’A 
7'A— 
TOO 2o% 19% 2o'A— 
667 
7% 
7% 
7’A— 
5 TOVA 17% 18% + 
89 
19 
18% 18% +' 
256 
9% 
9'A 
9% .. 
93 
11% 1o% 1o%— 

16'A 
31 
+ 
% 
8%— 
'A 
3 4 % - VA 
Va 
% 
% 
% 
Va 
Vt 
'A 
% 

'A 
Vt 
Va 
Va 
’A 

% 
27% 
23% Kellogg 
ITO 14 
636 24' ? 24% 24%.......... 
15% 
14 
Kellw d 
.92 
5 
63 14% 14 
14%+ 
Va 
28 
23% Kennm tl 
,96 l l 
59 27 
26% 26%............ 
3o% 
25% Kennct 
,6oe 1o11225 
28% 27'A 
27'A— 
% 
23+4 
22 
K yU til 
1.84 8 
89 22% 22’A 22% + 
’ ? 
16% 
12"? K errG Is 
4o 5 
345 13 
12'A 12%— 
% 
74"? 
59% K errM c 
1.25 12 2234 63% 59% 61%— 
1% 
21% 
18% KeystCon la 
6 l l 18% TO'/? TO"?— 
Va 
6 
176 27'A 26’A 
26'A— VA 
I 48% 48% 48% + 
Va 
5 
48% 
48'A 48'/?.......... 
8 
753 43 
41% 
42'A— 
% 
‘ 
166 12% 12 
12'/?. 

3o% 
26% KiddeW 1.2o 
51"? 
47'A Kidde pf B 4 
5o"? 
46% Kidde pfC 4 
45'A 
4o"A KimbCI 2.2o 
13+A 
11*8 KingDSt 
.6o _ 
2o% 
13% Kirsch 
9o 15 
38% 31'A KnigtRd 
.72 IO 
19"? 
14% Koenrin 5oe 
6 
36"? 
32"? Koeb pf2.75 
26% 
21% Koppers 
.9o 
55 
52% Kopprpf 
4 
7% 
6% Koracrp 
47% 
43% K raft 
2 32 

17 
14% 14'A 14’A— 
1o9 
32'A 31'A 31%— 
142 
15% 
15 
15%— 
4 
34V? 34'A 34'/?+ 
9 
539 24V? 23% 
24% + 
. 
.. z26o 54'A 52% 
52%— % 
4 
36 
6'A 
6% 
6* 8— Va 
9 
5o3 
46'A 45'A 
46% + 
4o% 
31% KresgeS .32 15 45o5 
32% 32 
32'A— 
14% 
13% K roehlr 25e 13 
8 
14% 14'A 
14'A— 
27"? 
23% Kroger 1.44 
7 
226 
25% 25'A 
25'/?+ 
25% 
23 
K u bota .42r 22x253 
23'A 
23'A 
23% + 
17"? 
12% Kysor 
.8o 
8 
12 
16'A 15% 
15'A— 
5% 
4"? L F E Cp 
19 
67 
4% 
4'A 
4%— 
1o'A LT V C p 
4 
935 
1o% 
1o'A 
1o%— 
15 
LTV A 
.351 .. 
28 
15% 15 
15 
— 
5o 
LTV C p pf 
5 l l 
5o% 5o% 
5o%— 
2o 
LacGas 
1.66 8 
4o 
2o% 2o% 
2o% ... 
18% LamSes 
I . IO 9 
81 
22V? 22'A 
22"? + 

13% 
TO 
54"? 
24'A 
22"? 
14'A 
IVA 
12 
LaneB ry .8o 
8 
9'A Law trC h .4o 16 
15% 
13'A Lear Si eg .5o 
7 
4o 
37'A LearS pf2 25 
31% 
27 
Leasw 
12o 8 
28'A 
23% Leeds N 
6ob 
9 
23% 
17 
Leesona 
75 
6 
18% 
IS"? L ehPCt 
I 
TO 
327 
1+A 
1% L e t h a lly 
IO 
94 
15% 
13+A L V in pf 1.5o 
5 
13 
IO'? Lehmn 1.25e 
665 
7'A 
5% Lennar 
65 
Ai 
24 
21% Lenox 
I 
9 
Bt 
7"? 
6% LesFay 
4ob 
7 
4) 
13% 
I UA L e vF d C 
41 
14% 
13 
Le vF ln 
.75a 
3o% 
25% LeviStra .8o 
6% 
4"? LevitzF 
37% 
31 
LOF 
1.8oa 
7VA 
64 
LOF pf 4.75 
19% 
TO 
L ibrtyC p 52 
3'? 
2% L ib rty L n 
7% 
4% L ib rty L n pf 

43 
13'A 
12*4 
13%+ 
154 
9% 
9'A 
9 % + 
593 
14% 
13+A 
14 
— 
28 
37% 
37'A 
3 7 % - 
37 
28 
27'A 
27%— 
44 
24 
23% 
23%— 
% 
71 
21% 
21 
21'/?— 
18% 
17% 
17%— 
VA 
1% 
V A .. 
15'A 
15’A 
15'A.. 
1o% 
1o'A 
1o*4+ 
6% 
6% 
6Vs 
23% .23 
6% 
6'A 
11% 
IV A 
13'A 
26% 
4’A 
3 VA 
32 
65 
66 

23% + 
6"?— 
IV A — 
1 3 % - 
26% + 
4'A— 
+ 
+ 

 x55 
13% 
5 
776 27 
12 
585 
5 
7 
3o5 32 
16 
66 
6 
51 18'A TO'A 
18"?+ 
.. 
124 
3% 3 
3'A .. s 
7% r n 
7V ? + H i 
35'? 
31% LiggtG p 2.5o 8 
161 32% 31% 
32'/?+ 
'/, 
92% 
85"? Liggt pf 
7 
. z66o 89 
89 
89 
— 1 
8o 
74 
Liggt pf 5.25 
I 74 
74 
74 
— 2’A 
48% 
4o 
Li fly E li 1 42 
15 
1132 43% 41"? 
42'A— 1% 
36"? 
31% LincN at 1.6o 
8 941 
33’A 
32% 4 33 
+ 
72*4 
65 
LincN tpf 
3 .. 
17 66 
19% 
18% Line Pl I 72a 
3o 18% 
3 
2% Lionel 
6 
229 2"? 
15% 
12% Litton In 
18t 12 
124o 15% 
21% 
17% L ittp tc p f 
8 2o'A 
4VA 
36% Litton p f 
3 .. 
2 4o'A 
21*a 
2o% Litton pf 
? . 
52 21 
11 
9% Lockhcf 
3 12o8 9% 
19% 
16*4 Loctite 
.16 13 
77 17% 

65% 
16% 
2'A 
13% 
19'A 

66 
18"?+ 
'A 
2% .......... 
14 
— 1% 
19'/?— 1*4 
4o% 
4o%~ . .. . 
2 o "? 
21 
- 
% 
9% 
9 % + 
Va 
16+A 
17 
.......... 

11% 
! 6> j 

19% 
89 
93% 
131'* 
28 
28 
33% 
W A 
31% 
18% 
27 % 
15 
37+e 
16"? 
8% 
34 
14 
35% 
9 

31% 
6% 
14 
19% 
17% i i89 
!B % 
2* '* 
26% 
25% 
13% 
26% 
14% 
24"? 
11% 
3o% 
15% 
7*8 
25% ll 
28% 
6% 

Loews 
1 TO lo m a F in SO lO m M 
7!e 
Lon St ar I TO 
L n g lsL t I 63 
H L p fl 5 »S 
H L lit J I 12 
H L ptN 
13 
L IL p fP 2 43 
U L pfO 2 47 
Long Dr 
48 
Loral Cp 
TO 
L e la n d ITO 
LaP acif 
2ob 
LoulsGs 192 
Lowenst 
6o 
Lubrtzol ITO 
LuckyS .68b 
Ludlow 
TO 
LukenSf I 6o 
Lykes 
TO 
Lykes pf2 5o 
LvnCSvs 
3o 

M 
- N 
- o 

13% 
42% 
5% 
21% 
9% 
6+a 
6% 
TO% 
18% 
37 
55 
13% 
1o% 
11% 
38’A 
25% 
8% 
41% 
46 
14+A 
59 
2o 
13% 
15% 
54% 
14 
6o% 
23 
26'a 
2o% 
28 *A 
26 ‘ a 
24' 7 
14% 
22% 
18% 
IT A 
26% 
6% 
32% 
26 
3% 
35 *A 
16 
54% 
53*8 
24 % 
23 
33 
17% 
29 
33% 
18% 
26% 
TO"? 
12"? 
23 
6o% 
6o% 
3o+s 
27*A 
23% 
46 
68% 
2o'A 
25 'A 
39% 
4o' ? 
12% 
29% 
TO3 a 
31*4 
44"? 
92"? 
93% 
17% 
3o 
26 
25 
18*8 
17% 
TA 
31% 
26'A 
14% 
23% 
57 
27% 
13% 
19'A 
48 
29 
16% 
27*8 
71 
4*8 
TO' A 
7% 
22% 
52% 
6o% 
27% 
15*8 
12% 
88% 
4o*8 
28% 
23% 
11% 
49% 
56% 
27 
13% 
4% 
22'A 
56% 
48% 
28 
93b 
6*4 
18% 
2o% 
3o% 
23% 
17 
12% 
38% 
23*4 
24% 
9% 
51% 
34% 
14se 
TO 
13% 
16% 
14% 
25*4 
22% 
12% 
29 
25% 
72 % 
38% 
29% 
27% 
17*8 
5% 
7% 
14*4 
26*8 
15% 
25 
57% 
28% 
15% 
2o% 
51 
45% 
4% 
45% 
16 
25 
TO 
2o% 
25% 
23 
23% 
16% 
3 V a 
36*8 
31"? 
46*4 
1o4 
25*8 
2o% 
3o 
92% 
15% 
42 
46 
56 
69% 
121 
114 
87% 
13 
31% 
31 
33*8 
19% 
25 
55'A 
5 
36 
4'A 
I"? 
11% 
2o% 
48% 
96% 
3o 
47' ? 
55 
58 
12o 
TOI 
88% 
32 
5% 
49% 
3o% 
57*8 
38 
37*8 
54'A 
3o% 
12o 
28 
13% 
3o+4 
39 
2o% 
44+A 
28*e 
18% 
2o% 
44*8 
17% 
27% 
15 "a 
45 
89 
87 
28 "4 
28*s 
43V? 
21 
47% 
54% 
54 
84% 
86% 
95+b 
99% 
113V? 
117 
91% 
87% 
131"? 
131% 
9o 
19*8 
IT A 
42% 
42% 
37"? 
16’ ’A 
2o% 
14 
16"? 
1o% 
27*4 
24% 
23*8 
29% 
69 
56% 
77*8 
91% 
28 

 l l 
.4o 8 
I 15 
68 
TO 
.TO 

TO' ? M B P X 
36% MCA 
4 
M E I 
13*4 M GIC 
7*s Mac AF 
4% Mac Don o5e 
5*4 M acke 
36 
8"? M a cm ill 
5o 
17% M cm t pf I 2o 
31% M acy 
I 3o 
51 
M acypf «.25 
11*4 MadsFd 77e 
5 
Mad SqG 
9 
M agicC f 
33 
M allo ry 
22% M elonH 
7*8 M enhln 
36% M frH an I 92 
8 
4o' ? M A PCO ITO 15 
12 
M a ra tM 
.5o 
3 
51"? M aratO 7 TO 
8 
16% M arem t 
6o 
6 
1o 
M arM id 
8o 12 
13% M ar ion L 
52 l l 
45% M arley 
1.2o 
7 
9"? M a rrlo t 
2St IO 2337 
53"? M rshM 
2.4o 17 
349 
17% M arsh F 1.24 
9 
31o 
23’ A M artM a I 4o 
7 
411 
13V? M a ry K .4o11x313 
24"? M rldC u 
66b 
8 
84 
19’A MascoCp .28 l l 
TO 
M asonit 
6o 12 
12% M asM 
V ile 12 
17*4 Massy F la 
3 
17 
MasCp 
1.6o 
11% M aslnc 
96e 
21% M atsuE 
29e TO 
5 
M attel 
6 
24% M ayDSt I 12 
8 
24*8 M ayerO 
8o IO 
3 
M aysJW 
12 
28% M aytg 1.5oa 12 
15 
M cCord 
84 
6 
43% Mc Der 
1.6o 
39% M cD nld 
IO 
19% Mc Don D .5o 
18'A McDonh 
9o 
28% M cG Ed I 6o 
15% M cG rw H .8o TO 
26% MGH pf 1.2o 
28'A M c ln ty r 
I 
15% M cKee 
9o 
2o% McLean 
46 
15*A Mc Lout 1.2o 
IVA M cN eil 
.8o 
18% MeadCp 
.92 
49 "4 Mea pfA2 8o 
49% Mea pf B2.8o 
27% Medusa I 6o 
22% M elville .96 
16% Menasc 
.8o 
38*8 M ercS tr 
.8o 
54 
M erck 
17'A M eredith 8o 
A 
18 
M e rrL yn .8o 
6 
31 
Mesa Pet .1o 17 
33% MesP p fl 6o 
8% Mesabi 1.33e 
9 
22*/s M esta 
I 5oe 
7 
16 
M GM lr 
7 
27'A M etrom I IO 
7 
42 
M tE pfC3.9o 
. 
87% M tE p fl 8.12 .. 
86"? M IE pfH8 32 .. 
13% MchGs l.TOb 
8 
28"? MhW i pf2.67 .. 
25 
M hW i pf2.12 .. 
TO’ A M icrow v .4o TO 
16% M idC tl 
1.16 
8 
15% M idSUt 1.38 
9 
I Va M id ln d M 
28% M idlR o 
1.6o 
7 
22 
M ilesLb 1.28 
8 
IV A M i It Brad .6o 
6 
21% M innGs 1.72 
7 
48"? M in M M 1.7o 17 216o 
2o’A M innP L 1.76 
8 
117 
11% M irro A I 
96 
16% M issnEq .48 
39% M PacC 
I 8o 
27' A Mo Pf Ce I 6o 
15% MoPSv lb 
25% MOPS pf 2 44 
62 
M obil 
3.8o 
2% M obileH 
14% Mohasco 9o 
5'A M ohkD ta 
21% MohkR 
I 2o 

4oa 
4 39 lb 
7 364 
5 
TOI 
.2o 
12 14o5 
6ob 
25 21 
5 
27o 
5 
19o 
6 
448 
2 
482 zlO 
432 
64 
4o4 
563 
149 
71 
1663 
759 
212 
952 
14o 
835 
118 
167 

344 
214 
112 
141o 
72 
2o3 
174 
364 
922 
13 
27 
767 
6 
79 
4 2389 
15 1788 
7 2o52 
6 
44 
9 
387 
794 
.. 
25 
6Z413o 
6 
1o7 
7 
129 
8 
75 
6 
23 
6 824 
.. 
TO 
33 
6 
16 
1o 
747 
8 
159 
1o9 
I SO 16 2849 
35 
1o5o 
82o 
4o5 
12o8 
13 
412 
257 
Z15o 
Z5o 
Z2o 
TO 
33 
531 
1o7 
355 
154o 
63 
183 
114 
116 
23 

51 
239 
714 
29 
252 
16 
2o99 
17o 
111 
4o9 
23 
36"? M oi yep 
VTO TO 3569 
49% M oly pf2.5o 
24'A Monrh 1.2oa 
5 
12% Monogr 
.28 
6 
9'A M onrE q 
.TO 21 
73% Monsan 2.8o 
7 
35% M onDU 2.4o 
8 
24 
M onPw 1.8o TO 
22 
M onist 1.8oa 
. 
TO 
M O N Y .96e 13 
41'A M ooreM 
I 
6 
48% M organ 
2 IO 2369 
21*4 M orK nu VTO 
5 
9% MorseSh .5o 
A 
3% M tg T rAm 
.. 
18*a M orN or 
.88 
.. 
43"? M otorola 84 15 
38'A M tFuel 
2 l l 
24% M f St Tel 188 
8 
7*A M unford .4o 
6 
5% Munfd pf .4o 
16 
Munsna 1.o8 12 
17% M urphC VTO 
7 
22% M urpO il 
.8o 
8 
18% M urryO 1.2o 
8 
15% M utlO m 1.32 . 
9 
M yersL 
.4o 32 
33% NCR 
8o TO 1825 
19% N LInd 
1 2o 9 1o6o 
2o'A NLT 
.76 
6 1356 
7 
N V F 
2.45t 
7 
349 
45'A Nabisco 2.52 IO 
3o8 
27'A NalcoCh 
96 13 
751 
12 
NarcoSci .6o 
7 x 37 
15% NashuaC 68 
9 
117 
1o*8 N a tA irl 
.5o 18 
187 
14"? NAvia 
.77e , 
12'A NafCan 
.57 
5 
23 
NCan pf 1.5o . 
15+4 NtChem 
48 TO 
8% N tC ityL 45e TO 
25% N atD etr 1.52 
6 
23‘A Nat Dis! I 6o 
7 
71 
NDiSt pf4 25 .. 
37’A NDiSt pf2.25 
25% N atFG 2.16 
6 
26 
N tFG pf 2.3o 
15% NatG yp 1.o5 IO 
4'A NatHom 
6% N atlnd 
.3o 
A 
13"? N tlnd pf 1.25 
17'A NMdCr 
.24 IO 
12% NM edE 
.4o 
6 
2o 
NMineSv .5o 14 
46'A N atP rsto 
2 6 
16"? NtSemic 
13% NSvclnd .82 
16 
NStand 
1.o4 
7 
46 
N Starch 1.o8 12 
41 
NatlStl 2.5o 
9 
3*A Nat Tea 
33% Natom a 1.4o 
4 
13V? Neptune 
5o TO 

22 1538 
8 
126 
81 
147 
1122 
3o 
586 
51 
22'A N e vP w V 7 6 7x123 
17'A NevP pf 1.6o 
TO 
NevP pf 1.74 
23'A NevP pf2.3o 
21 
NevP pf 1.95 
21'A N Eng El 1.86 
9 
15'A NEnG E 
1.36 
I 
29% NEnP pf2.76 .. 
33 
NEngT 
2 6o 
9 
27% NYSEG 2 4o 
8 
42'A NYSE pf3 75 .. 
98% NYSE pf8.8o .. 
23*4 NYSE pf2.12 
15 
N ew hall 
.56 IO 
25% N ewm t 
1.6o 14 
8o% Nw m t pf4.5o 
14 
N iaM P 124 
38% N iaM pf 3.6o 
42 
N iaM pf 3.9o 
53 
N iaM pf 4.85 
66 
N iaM pf 6.1o 
115' ? N iaM pf ll.75 
1o9"? N iaM pf 1o.6o 

Z5oo 
. V45o 
Z148o 
. x1o 
584 
7 x95 
2o 
59 i 
316 zlO 
Z18o IOO 

 l l 
37*4 
4'A 
14% 
8% 
6% 
6 
9’A 
17*4 
32% 
53'A 
12% 
TO'A 
9% 
38'A 
23'A 
8*4 
38'A 
45*4 
13'A 
53'A 
17% 
12% 
13*4 
54'A 
1o 
57"? 
18*4 
24*8 
14*4 
25'A 
TO 
19*4 
13% 
19% 
W A 
IV A 
22*4 
5'A 
25*4 
25’A 
3% 
29% 
16 
54'A 
V A 
2o*4 
19% 
31’A 
17% 
28'A 
33*4 
16*/s 
22'A 
16'A 
11*4 
22*4 
6o'A 
6o'A 
29'A 
24’A 
23’A 
4oV4 
56 
17% 
18% 
33*A 
36"? 
12"? 
25'A 
18’/? 
3o'A 
43'/? 
91 
9o*4 
15*4 
29 
25'A 
22'A 
16"? 
W A 
UA 
3o 
24'A 
IT A 

SO'? 
21*4 
12*4 
17% 
44'A 
27+4 
16*4 
26'A 
67*4 
3 
17 
5% 
22% 
52'A 
6o'A 
26*4 
14 
9% 
75'A 
39 % 
24*4 
22+A 
11 
49% 
5o% 
25'A 
1o% 
4 
TO'A 
46*4 
41 
24% 
8% 
5% 
16% 
TO 
29*4 
22*4 
16'A 
IV A 
36% 
21% 
21% 
7% 
49 
28'A 
12% 
16% 
I V/8 
15% 
TO’A 
25'A 
16*4 
TO'A 
27'A 
25'A 
71 
37% 
26% 
26'A 
16% 
4'/? 
6'/? 
14 
2o% 
14% 
24'A 
5o'A 
2o% 
14"? 
17% 
47% 
42 
4'A 
37 Va 
15 
23'A 
18 
19*4 
25 
21*4 
22% 
16% 
3o 
33"? 
29 
46'/? 

4 
53 
365 
4 
TO 1735 
..Z196o 
.. Z64o 
.. Z4oo z2o 

84 
N iaM pf7.72 ..Z574o 

24*4 
16*4 
26% 
83’ ? 
15"? 
41 
44'4 
53'? 
68"? 
Z41o 119% 118 z 4o9o111% HO 

1o% 
36% 
4 
13*4 
8 *4 
5% 
5% 
8"? 
17*4 
31% 
53% 
TO'? 
TOVA 
9% 
36% 
22% 
8'A 
37'A 
44'A 
TO 
52 
16% 
IT A 
TO'A 
52 
»’A 
55'A 
17% 
23"? 
13"? 
24% 
TO'A 
TO 
TO 
18% 
17 
IVA 
21% 
5'A 
24"? 
25% 
3% 
28% 
15% 
51% 
4o'A 
2o'A 
18% 
3o% 
17 
28 
31% 
16% 
2o% 
16 
IV A 
22% 
6o 
59% 
28'A 
23’A 
22’A 
39% 
54 
17% 
18 
31 
33% 
11% 
24% 
17"? 
29'A 
43 
91 
9o% 
15’A 
28% 
25’A 
21'A lft'A 
15% 
UA 
29% 
23% 
11% 
21% 
49 
21 
TO’A 
16% 
42% 
27% 
TO3 8 
26'A 
65% 
2% 
TO"? 
5'A 
21% 
49'4 
57% 
26'A 
13'A 
9'A 
74% 
39'A 
24 
22% 
1o% 
45'A 
48'/? 
24% 
9% 
3% 
18% 
45% 
39+4 
24'A 
8Ve 
5% 
TO 
18'/? 
27% 
22 
15V? 
IO"? 
35% 
2o% 
2o'A 
7 
47% 
27'A 
TO'? 
15% 
IO " ? 
14% 
TO 
25 
15% ll 
26% 
24% 
71 
37'A 
25% 
26 
TO'A 
4’A 
6% 
TO'/? 
19% 
13% 
23'A 
48% 
19% 
13% 
16% 
46 
41 
4 
36% 
14'A 
22% 
17% 
TO'A 
24'A 
21% 
21% 
15% 
29% 
33 
28% 
46'A 
IOO 
24% 
TO 
25% 
8o% 
14% 
4o 
43 
53'A 
68'A 

1o% Ni ag Stir ,97e 
27% Nicor 
2.32 
27"? Nicor pf 1.9o 
28 
NorfW n I 76 
17% N orlin 
1.25 
23'A N orris 

71 
8 
197 
I 
8 1188 
41 
142 
49 
73 
7 
234 
6 
376 
92 
8 1234 
7 1127 
7 969 
Z3o 
9 
688 
.ZllOO 
. zlO 
Z2oo 

86% l l 
29 
28V? 
33 
18*8 
24% 
52% 
4 
33% 
3% 
VA 
IV A 
18 Vt 
46% 
96% 
27% 
44'4 
51'/? 
55 

43 
NoACoal .9o IO 
3% NoAM tg 
31'A NOA Phi 1.5o 
7 
3'A NOC A ir 
.TO 6 
I 
No Ce A ir wt 
1o% Noes! Ut 1.o2 
17% N Ind PS 144 
44% NorNGs 2.o8 
93"? NONG pf5.5o 
26% NoStPw 1.94 
42% NSPw pf 3.6o 
49’A NSPw pt4. TO 
54% NSPw pf4.56 
115 
NSP pf 1o 36 .. ZUO TOO 
95'A NSPw pf7.84 .. zlO 
95'A 
85% NSPw pf 
7 
23ooo 
27% Nor Tel 
.64 l l 
336 
4'A N o rth g a te 81 
85 
41"? North rp 
2 
8 1o38 
22% N w stA irl .5o IO 1526 
49% Nw tBnc 1.92 IO 
194 
32% N w tE nr 
2 
6 
83 
32"4 N w tE nr ct 2 
6 
TO 
43% N w tlnd 
2.25 7 2346 
21% N w stlnd w t 
.. 
166 
98 
N w tln pf4.2o 
26"? Nw tP DTO.5o 
12'A N w M Lfe ie 
TO 
25"? NwtStW 12o TO 
32% Norton 
1.8o 
7 
17% NorSim ,6ob 
38% NortS pf 1.6o 
22'A Nucor 
.36 
15"? OKC 
1.2o 
9% O aklnd 
.5o TO 
27 
Oak pf V75 
15'A O akiteP 
I 
9 
23'A OccidPe* 
I 
11% OccidPet wt 
38 
O cciP pf2. TO 
74% OcciP pf3.6o 
73'A OcciP pf 
4 
26'A OcciP pTO.5o 
21% Ogden 
1.2o 
33"? Ogdn pf 1.87 
18% OnioEd 
1.7o 
43% Oh Ed pf 3.9o 
51" ? Oh Ed pf4 .4o 
5o% Oh Ed pf 4.44 
8o"? Oh Ed pf7 .24 
81 
Oh Ed pf 7.36 
91% Oh Ed pf 8.2o 
95"? Oh Ed pf8.64 
HO 
Oh Ed pf 1o.48 
ITO 
Oh Ed pf 1o.76 
87 
Oh Pw pf 8.o4 
83'A OPw pfB7.6o 
128 
OPw p f A 14 
127 
OPw pfF 14 
84% OPw pfD7 76 
17% O klaG E I 48 lO'A O klG E pf .8o 
34% O klaNG 
2 
38% OlinCp 
I SO 
34 "4 O lin k rft 1.1o 
I2*A O m ark 
.72 
17"? Oneida 
.84 
TO 
O pelika 
.84 
14% O ranR k 1.36 
6% Orange 
2ob 
23% O utM ar 1.4o 
17% O utlet Co 
8o 
'8% O vernitT .9o 
22 
Over Sh ,3ob 
58 
OwenCn 
I 
51 
Owen ll I 2.12 
27 
O w enlll w i 
85% Own ll pf 4.75 
2o 
O xfrd ln d .76 

123 
92 
254 
9 3199 
. 
634 
6 
162 
6 
91 
6o7 
54 
9 
IO 
9 3o36 
. 
428 
. 
TO 
. 
76 
. 
23 
98 
6 492 
8 
9 2599 
. 
Z5o 
. Z25o 
. 
Z3o 
. Z45o 
. Z12o 
Z212o 
. Z85o 

86% 
32 
5% 
48% 
24'A 
52 
33'A 
33% 
52% 
29’A 
TO 11o 
TO 
26% 
12% 
26% 
34% 
18% 
41% 
26*8 
18% 
TO’A 
39 
TO"? 
26"a 
13*A 
42% 
83% 
82 
26*A 
28 
42% 
19% 
43'A 
52 
51"? 
83% 
85 
94 
98'A 
Z8o112 

85 
1o% 
28% 
28'A 
32'A 
17% 
23'A 
5o% 
3% 
31'A 
3% 
I 
1o% 
TO 
45% 
96"? 
26% 
43 
SVA 
55 
12o 
95’A 
86 *8 
31 
4*A 
46'A 
22 *A 
51'A 
32*A 
32"? 
48% 
26'A 
1o9'A 
26"? 
TO'A 
25'/? 
33 
17% 
39 
25'A 
17% 
15% 
34 
TO'A 
25'A 
12*A 
4 TA 
81% 
8o 
26'A 
27% 
42'A 
19 
43'A 
51’A 
51'A 
83 
83% 
93'A 
95"? 
ITO 

 iW i 
High taw l« « t Chg 

6 r n 
31% 
JVA 
W a — V * 
9 
1o4 
♦'n 
♦ 
9'Ja- 
% 
TO 
258 
15% 
14% 
14% 
% 
9 
766 
21 
TO' > 
2 o % - 
% 
7 
68? 
TO'A. ll'A 
18’A .. 
3 
•6*4 
86 
( I — i% 
ISO 
9o 
9o 
3 — 2 
Z48o 127% 176% 127 
— 
'A 
22 
27 
26*6 
26 % - 
% 
I 1 
77% 
76 s* 
27’A + 
TO 
299 
26'A 
25'A 
25% 
% 
7 
137 
U% 
13% 
14% + 
’A 
IO 1396 
27% 
2 7 'i 
27’ A + 
’A 
IO 
856 
15% 
14% 
W a — 
% 
9 
ICI 
25'A 
24% 
25’A .. 
5 
159 
W a 
12% 
13 
. 
13 
3o2 
31% 
31% 
31%— 
'A 
13 1o91 
15% 
15’A 
W A .. 
9 
98 
8'A 
8 
8% + 
'A 
9 
121 
32% 
31 
3 VA— 
'A l l 
246 
11% 
IVA 
IV A — 
% 
57o 
29% 
28% 
28%— VA 
IO 
ITO 
8'A 
7% 
8 
- 
'A 

•Z15oo116'A 115 
Z15o 
89 
87 
Z7o 
85"? 
85"? z28o 129% 129'A z33o 129 
128 zlO 
86'A 
86'A io 
1o2o 
18*8 
17% 
. i:142o 
11*8 
IO"? 
7 
327 
4o'A 
38'A 
6 
266 
4o% 
39'/* 
9 
273 
37 
36 
8 
142 
15"? 
14% 
8 
26 
18% 
TO'A 
7 
27 
13% 
TO'A 
8 
69 
15% 
15"? 
13 
5o7 
7% 
6% 
7 
327 
24'A 
23% 
7 
138 
23'A 
22' ? 
6 
55 TO 
TO"? 
7 
232 
25% 
24 
14 125o 
65 V? 
63"? 
8 
463 
55 
54 
5 
27% 
27"b 
8 
88"? 
87'A 
7 
78 
27% 
26'A 

1o'A— 
% 
3 6 'A - 1% 
4'A— 
'A 
TO'A— 
'A 
8% — 
'A 
5%— 
Va 
5*A— 
'A 
8% — 
% 
17%.......... 
32'A.......... 
53'A— 
*A 
12%+ 
'A 
1o'A........ 
9% + 
% 
38VA+ 1% 
22% — v? 
•'A — 
'A 
37%— 
% 
45% + VA 
13’A + 
Va 
52'A— Va 
17 
+ 
'A 
12%+ 
'A 
13%— 
Va 
52'A— 1% 
9%— 
Va 
57% + 
% 
18%— 
% 
24'/B+ 
V? 
13%— I 
24%— 
Va 
2o 
.......... 
19 — % 
TO'A.......... 
19 — % 
17 'A + 
Va 
1 1 % - 
'A 
21%— 
V? 
5"?.......... 
25 — % 
25'/?+ 
% 
3'A— 
Va 
58%— Va 
15%— 
'A 
54VA+ 1% 
4V A + 
'A 
2o’A— 
'A 
19'A+ 
Va 
31 
+ 
'A 
17%— 
Va 
28 
- 
'A 
321A+ I 
16% + 
Va 
2V A + 
% 
TO'A— 
% 
11%+ 
'A 
22'A.......... 
6o'A + 
% 
6OV4+ 
Vt 
28% + 
% 
23% + 
Vt 
22% + 
'A 
39%........ 
54'/?— 1% 
1 7 % - 
% 
TO 
- 
Va 
33% + 1% 
36% + 1% 
12% + 
% 
25'A + 
'A 
18 — 
Vt 
3o%.......... 
43 
.......... 
91 
— VA 
9o%— % 
15%+ 
Va 
28% + 
Va 
25"?+ 
Va 
22'A.......... 
TO'A— 
% 
15*8— 
Va 
U A .......... 
3o 
+ 
% 
24'A— 
% 
11% — 
% 
21% .......... 
5o 
- 
% 
21% + 
Va 
TO'/?— 
Va 
TO'A— 
'/? 
43 — 
’A 
27%-— 
% 
16%+ 
% 
26'A— 
'A 
65%— 1% 
2%— 
Va 
1 6*8- 
Va 
5%— 
Va 
21%— 
% 
51 
+ 5% 
59 
+ 4"? 
26’A— 
V? 
13*A— 
% 
9'A— 
Va 
75 — 
1/4. 
39% 
'A 
24V?— 
% 
22'A.......... 
1o% + 
% 
49% + 4% 
49%— VA 
24%+ 
% 
1o — 
% 
3 % .......... 
19'A+ 
Va 
45'A— I 
39%— VA 
24*8+ 
Va 
8'A .......... 
5 % + 
% 
TO'A— 
Va 
19 
+ 
Va 
29%+ VA 
22"?+ 
Vt 
16%+ 
'A 
IO"?— % 
35*b— 1% 
21’A— 
Va 
2 o *8 - 
% 
7 
- 
% 
48% + 
% 
27'A— V/? 
12%-------- 
15%— 
Va 
1o%— 
Va 
15 
........... 
TO'A— 
Va 
25 Va + 
Va 
15%— % 
TO 
+ VA 
26% + 
Va 
2 A Va— 
1/4 
71 
— 
% 
37%— Va 
26 — 
% 
26%.......... 
16% ■ 
Vt 
4%— 
% 
6%— 
Va 
13%+ 
Va 
1 9 % - 
% 
TO — 
% 
24% + 
% 
48%— 1% 
2o%— 
% 
TO 
— 
1/4 
16%— 
% 
46"?— 
% 
41'/?— 
V? 
4'A + 
Va 
36%— 
'A 
TO'A— 
% 
22% + 
Vt 
I# 
+ 
Vt 
19'/?+ 
'A 
24'/?— t/4 
21%+- 
"8 
2 1 % - 
Vt 
15%— 
Vt 
2 9 *8 - 
*8 
33% + 
Vs 
28%— 
% 
46"?.......... 
IOO 
+ VA 
24% + 
Va 
16%— 
% 
26*8— 
Va 
8o"?— 2'A 
15'/?+ 
% 
41 
+ 1% 
44 Va + 1% 
53'A— I 
68"?.......... 
119'/?+ VA 
U V /4+ 1% 
86%— 
% 
11 
+ 
% 
28%+ 
Va 
28'A+ 
Vt 
3 2 % - 
% 
18 — % 
2 3 % - 
% 
52%+ 
V? 
3%— 
Va 
32 
- Ha 
3%— 
'A 
I 
... l l 
. .. 
18%+ 
% 
45%— 
% 
96'A+ VA 
26%— 
Va 
44 
+ TA 
51"?— 
V? 
55 - VA 
12o 
+ I 
95'A— 1% 
86*8+ 1% 
31'A— t/4 
4%— 
% 
TO'A— 
Va 
23% + 
Vt 
51 Va— 
% 
32%— 
% 
3 2 % - 
Vt 
5o%— 2'A 
27 
- 2'A 
HO - 6 
26%— 
Va 
12*8— 
% 
26 — 
% 
33% + 
% 
17%— 
% 
39%— I'A 
25%— 
Vt 
TO 
. .. 
TO'/?— 1% 
35'A— 4% 
TO'A— Va 
25%— 
Va 
TO'A— v2 
42 — Va 
83 
— I 
8o%— *4 
26*8— va 
2 7 *8 - 
% 
42'A— 
'A 
19%.......... 
43%.......... 
52 
- I si"? — 
Vt 
83 
+ 2% 
85 
+ 2V? 
94 
— % 
95"?— 3 
112 
... . l l 6'A + VA 
8 7 - 4 
85"?— 1% 
129'A— 
Vt 
129 
+ 
Vt 
86'A— 
Vt 
17%— Va 
I I 
+ 
Vt 
39 
+ I 
3 9 *8 - VA 
36% + 
14%— Vt 
18'A— Vt 
TO"?- 
Va 
1 5 % .... 
6%— 
Vt 
23%— Vs 
2 2 % ... 
18%— 
24*8— % 
64%— 
*8 
54%.......... 
2 7 % - 
Vt 
88"?+ 
'A 
2 6 % - 
*8 

Stock Symbols 

Sates, figures are unoW clal. 
Unless o th e rw is e noted ra te s o td iv ttfe n d jin th e fn r# going table are annual disbursem ents based on th e ta s q ua rterly or semi annual declaration 
Special or e xtra dividends or paym ents not designated as regular a r* identified W the following footnotes a 
Also e xtra or extras b 
Annual rate plus stock dividend c -L iq u id a tin g dividend e —Declared or paid in preceding TO months t - Oeclaredor p a id a fte rjto c t divid e n d o s p lit up j —P aid th ts y e a r d iv td e n d o m itte d . deferred or no action taken at last dividend meeting k 
Declared or paid this year. an accum ulative issue w ith dividendslnarrears n —New issue r — Declared or p a td in p re c e d in g T O m o nthsp lussfockdivlden d t —P a id in stock in preceding TO months, estim ated cash value on ex dividend or ex distribu tion data. x 
E x dividend or ex rights, y —Ex-dlvidend and sales in fu ll. z—Sales in full cid 
Called wd 
When distribu ted w i 
When issued ww 
With w a rrants, xw—W ithout w a rrants xdis— Ex distribu tion v j— In bankruptcy orreceivershiporbeingreorganlzeo under the B ankruptcy Act, or securities assumed by such companies. 
W here a split o r stock dividend am ounting to 25 per rent or m ore has been oeid the year 's high low range and dividend are shown for the new stock only. 

Yeorly 
High lo w 
Sales 
N et 
(hds.) H igh la w lo st Chg 

 p _ Q — R 

V ? 
8 
P N B 
58'? 
49"? PPG 
9% 
7% PSA 
14% 
14 
PacAS 
124 
24'a 
22"4 PacGE 
% 
2o 
18' a PacLtg 
168 
8 
39% 
32 
PacLm 
I 4o 14 
12o 
33 

18% 
82 
TOTO 
8% 

29% 
25 TO Pac Pet 
86 
24'A 
21% Pac PW 1.8o 
17% PacTT 
I 4o 
76'A PacTT pf 6 
9'e PacTin 
.8o 
6% PaineW 45e 
TOTO 
TO'? PaiW pf 1.3o 
TO'; 
9'A Palm Br. .5o 
4*s 
3% Pamida 
5% 
3*8 PanAm 
49 TO 
41% Pan EP 
2.3o 
16*8 
13% P aprcft 
8ob 
21'8 
16*8 Pargas lb 
5V? 
42"? Para pf2.64 
37TO 
29*8 P a rkD r .Ute 
36'> 
33% Par Man 1.2o 

4o 
TO 235 
8'A 8 
8’A— % 
2.2o 
7 626 
54 
52*8 
53'A— % 
.. 
45 
7% 7% 
7% + % 
134 14*b 
14 
IV A — 
8 1977 
23"? 23 
23'A— 
41o 
19*8 
19 
19 — 'a 
:: 
32% 
32"?— 'a 
HO 
26*8 25% 
26'A— 'A 
577 
22% 21% 
21%— % 
184 18 
17*8 
17%........... 
Z22o 
78 
77'A 
77'A— % 
35 
11% 
IVA 
IV A — % 
7% 
6% 
6*8— Va 
54 
14% 
TOV? 
1 3 *8 - "a 
17o 
11% 
1o% 
1 1 % - % 
TO TO 
196 
4'A 
4 
4’A— "A 
1262 
4'A 
3*8 
4 — 'A 
8 
625 42% 
41% 4 2 % - 
’ ? 
7 
15o 15*8 
14% 15%............ 
9 
1o5 18% 
17% 
18 
............ 
I 44 
44 
44 
............ 
9 
199 34% 
34 
34% + 

168 

96 36 
52 
15 
35'A 
3 5 *8 - 
'A 
14% 15 — 
'A 
16% 
14"? P ark Pen 
48 
8 
.. 
TO'? l l 
P a trkP 1.25t 
29 1586 16% 14% 
14% 
22% 
18"? Paylsnw .5o 
7 
41 TO'A 18'A 
18%— v4 
25% 
21 
Peabody 
2o 
TO 
318 25 
23% 
24'A— % 
6 
4"? 
PenDix 
,18r 
11o 
4% 
4"? 
4 % ...... 
52% 
38*8 Penney 
1 48 
11x1658 39% 38% 39"? . .. . 
22"? 
2o% P aP w Lt I 8o 
8 
632 21% 21'/? 
21%+ 
% 
55 
51 
Pa P L pf 4 4o 
.. z33o 52'A 51 
52'/?+ 
Vt 
56 
51% PaPL pf4 5o 
.. z6oo 53 
52 
53 
........... 
1o2"? 97% PaPL pf8 6o .. z7o IOO 
99% IOO 
+ I 
97 
92"? PaPL pf8.4o 
.IB IO 94% 
92% 
93% + I 
1o8 
1o4'A PaPL pf9.24 ..zTOOO 1o6'A 1o6'A 1o6'A+ Va 
116 
111 
PaPL pf l l .. z 18o ITO 
U V A 
ITO --- 
' *“ 
. 2 22o 129 
128'A 128'A— Vt 
. Z28o 9o 
89V? 
9o 
+ I 
Z58o 97% 96 
96'A— 'A 
9 
166 34'A 33'A 
33%— TO 
2 SI 
5o% 
5o*8+ VA 
2o 25 
23% 
24 — VA 
7 
743 31% 3o% 
31%........... 
Z153o 96*8 96 
96% + 1% 
V 
7 
138 
8% 
7% 
7%— I 
5o% 
44% PeopGs 3 4o 
7 
424 46'A 45% 
46%+ 
Vt 
8o'A 
68 
PepsiCo 2.4o 
TO 
682 72 
71 
72 
+ 
Va 
21*8 
17*b P erkE lm .32 
IS 
585 18% 17% 
18%+ 
'A 
32'A 
3oTO Pet Inc 
1.6o 8 
93 31 
3o% 
3o%........... 
TO"? 
TO"? Petlnc pf 8o 
.. 
3 16% 16% 
16%+ 
% 
17’ i 
16'J Petlnc pf I 
.. 
17 16% TO'A 
TO'/?— 
Va 
13% 
11% Peter Pl 
8oa 
8 
58 12% 11% 
12%+ 
% 
77 % 
69 
Petrie 
2a 
15 
143 74'A 73% 
74'A+ 
Va 
28% 
25% Petrolan .72 
8 
237 27% 25% 
26'A— 
% 
29 
24'A Petrlm 
2.61e 
56 25% 24'/? 
24%— 
% 
29% 
26' a Pfizer 
.96 TO 2658 28% 27% 
28 
— 
% 
41 v4 
33% PhelpD 
2 2o 16 
867 34 
33'A 
33%— 
% 
TO'A 
17% PhilaEI 
I 8o IO 263o TO'A 18% 
TO 
+ 
% 
41 
P h ilE pf3.SO z38o 41% 41 
41 
— 1% 

133"? 128 
PaPL pf TO 
92% 
87"? PaPL pf 
8 
99"? 
95"? PaPL pf8 7o 
34% 31% Pennwlt 1.8o 
52 
48 
Penwl pf2.5o 
26% 
23"? Penwl p fl 6o 
35% 
29"? Pennzol I 4o 
93 
Pennz pfB8 
7% PeopDrg 
2o 
98 
IVA 

44 
5o"? 
47 
51 
P hilE pf4.3o 
47% P h ilE pf4.4o 
53'A 
49% PhilE pf4 68 
84 
78 
P h ilE pf 
7 
1o4"? 
94 
PhilE pf8.75 
9o% 
84% P h ilE pf7.85 ..Z224o 
88% 87 
1o7% 1o3'A P hilE pf9.52 .. z35o 1o5"? 1o5 
1o5 
1o1 
P h ilE pf9.5o 
89% 
83'A P hilE pf7.8o 
87% 
83'A Phit'E pf7.75 
17*8 
15% PhilaSub .88 

7’ A 
45 
39'A 
17"4 
2o 
24 

ZlOO 
48 
48 
48 — 
% 
Z28o 
48 
48 
48 — 1 z35o 
51 
49'A 
49'A— IV? 
ZlOO 
78% 78 
78% + 
*4 
Z28o 
95 
94 
94 — 
Vt 
“ 
8 8 + 1 
1o5'A+ 
'A 
IOO 1o3'A 1o2% 1o2%+ 
Va 
. z39o 88 
86 
86'A + I"? 
. z22o 85 
84 
84'/?+ I 
. 
7 
232 16% 
16% 
16%— 
'A 
61*8 
52*8 PhilM or 1.3o 12 1986 54'A 
52% 
54 — 'A 
8% 
5% 
P h illn d o5e 8 
115 
6'A 
5% 5*/e— 
Vt 
13% 
11% P h illn d pf 
33 12% 
IT A 
IT A — 
Va 
66Va 
54"? P hillP et 
2 IO 1924 55% 
54'A 
55%........ 
11% 
1o'A P hillV nH .6o 
7 
53 1o% 
1o% 
W A — 
'A 
2 2 'i 
1 6 'i P ickw ick .32 
IO 
132 TO’A 
TO 
TO'A— 
'A 
18"A 
16*8 PledNG 1.44 
6 
57 16% 
16% 
16%— 
% 
63a P ie r I 
o5e 8 2o68 
7'A 6% 
7 — 
'o 
35% P illsb ry I TO l l 
478 37'A 
35’A 35%— VA 
32% Pioner 
I 44 
8 
29o 34V? 
33'A 
34'A+ 
% 
TO 
P io n e rE I 
IO 
72 
12% 
TO 
TO'A— 2 
15"? Pitney B .8o 
TO 71o 18"? 
17% 
18>A- 
18*A P ittF rg 
8ob 
7 
3o 23 
37% 
31"? P ittstn la 9 1448 34'A 
32'A 
33%- 
27% 
19’ A PizzaHt 
.4o 
8 
636 2o’A 
TO'A 
19% ... 
4% 
3"? Pl an R sc 
7 
196 4 
3% 
3 % ... 
9*8 
5% Playboy 
TO 
TO 
2o1 8% 
7'A 
7'A— 
TO 
1o’ A Plessey 
77e 
7 
36 IV A l l 
IVA— 
19*a 
15% Pneumo 
I 
5 
96 16% 
TO'A 
16%— 
Va 
38% 
31% Polaroid .5o 13 2612 34'A 
31% 32'A— 2’A 
7'A 
6 
Pondrosa 
9 
258 6% 
6'A 
6'A— 
% 
19% 
17% PopeTal 
8o 
15 
46 18% 
17% 
17%— 
% 
25' a 
2o"? Portec 
8o 
IO 
688 22'A 
21'/? 
22'%+ 
Vt 
21% 
19*8 PortGE 1.7o 9 
4o3 2o'A 
19*% 
2o — Vs 
ITO"? 
11o% PorG pf ll.SO .. Z6oo 113’A ITO"? 113 — Va 
29% 
28'4 PorG pf 2.6o 
TO 28% 
28"? 
28%......... 
37’A 
32 Potltch 
84 TO 
1o3 36% 
36 
36% + 
% 
TO 
14'A Potm El 
V B 
9 1o68 TO'A 
14% 14*%— 
2 
42"? 42 
42 — z3oo 52% 52'A 
52% + 
>i 
Z18oo 
47*A 47% 
47*8+ 
'A 
Z95o 
59'/? 58*4 
59' ?+ 
% z8o 
6o 
6o 
6o + 
'A 
18 TO'A TO'A 
TO'A— 
Va 
93% 
75% P roctrG 2.6o U 22o1 79'A 
75% 
76'A 
12% 
9"? Prod R sh 
48 
9 
21 123A 
TO 
12'A- 
32% 
28% Proler 
I 4o 
7 x 24 29'A 
28% 29 
— 
Va 
19 
17 
PSvCol 
1.46 
9 619 17'A 
TO'A TO'A— 
Va 
26% 
24% PSCol pf2. IO . 
TO 25'A 
25'A 25<A+ 
'A 
31% 
26 PSvcln 
I 92 
9 1577 28 
27'A 27'%— 
% 
46 
4VA PSInd pf3 5o ..zl44o 
42 
4V% 
42 
............ 
.................. 
. z2oo 
TO'A 
TO"? 13'A........... 
Z2o 1o4'A 1o3 
1o3 
— 3 
8 
226 2o% 
2o'A 2o'A— 
'A z 162o 29% 
28% 29 
+ 
'A 

H H H 
_ 
'A 
22'A 22% + 
'A 

*4 

44 
4o 
Pot El pf 2 44 
53 
5o"; Pot El pf4.5Q 
49"? 
46'4 Pot El pf 4.o4 
61% 
57 
Pot El pf5.46 
62"? 
58 
Pot El pf 5.5o 
13% 
TO 
Prem ier 
.48 8 

14% 
13% PSInd pf 1.o8 
1o6 
1o1 
PSInd pf8.52 
21% 
19% PSvNH 
1.88 
3o'A 
28"? PSNH pf2.75 

Va 

2*8 

24 
21*b PSvNM 
1.56 IO 165 
21% 
21% 21% + 
24"? 
21"? PSvEG 
1.8o 8 92o 
22% 
22'/e 22’/?+ 
3 
16% 
TO’A 16% + 
17% 
TO'A PS EG pf I 4o 
5o 
45"? PSEG pf4.o8 
54 
49"? PSEG pf4.3o 
61"? 
58 
PSEG pf5.o5 
63% 
6o 
PSEG pf5 28 
25% 
24% PSEG pf2. TO 
82'A 
79 
PSEG pf6.8o 
28'A 
26% PSEG pf2.43 
13o'; 124’a PSE pf 12.25 
94"'? 
89’4 PSEG pf7.8o 
96 
89 
PSEG pf8.o8 
9o'A 
83 
PSEG pf7.4o 
11o 
1o5*8 PSEG Df9 62 
6'A 
4% P u b lcke r 
4% 
2*a P ueblo 
3% 
3% PR Cern 
35% 31 
PugSPL 2.6o 

. 
ZlOO 48'A 48'A 
48'A + 
Ai 
. z4oo 5o 
49'A 
5o 
........... 
. 
Z6o 58 
58 
58 — 1 
. 
Z21o 62 
62 
62 
+ 1 
36 25'A Vi 
25 — 
'A 
. 
Z15o 79'A 79'A 
79V?— 
V? 
. 
24 27% 26% 
27’4 + 
% 
. ZUO 128'A 128'A 128'A........... 
. 
12o 9o% 9o"? 
9 o % ...... 
. 
ISO 93 
93 
93 
............ 
Z273o 86"? 86 
86'/?+ 
. 
22o 1o6'A 1o6'A 1o6’A + 
56 
5>% 
5 
5 
. . . . . . 
72 
3'A 
3 
3'% + 
Va 
26 3% 
3V? 
3% ............ 
7 
348 34'A 33% 34 
+ 
% 
35*8 
31% Puflm n 
1.32 TO 426 33'A 32% 33V4+ 
% 
19"? 
TO'; Purex 
1.o8 
9 3o5 18% 
TOV? 
17%— 
Va 
3 A 
2*8 P uritnF a 
5 
365 
3'A 
2% 
3 'A + 
V? 
28'? 
2o'4 P u ro ltr 
1.12 
8 
128 
2o% 2o'A 
2o% ............. 
26% 
21% QuakOat 92 
7 
477 
22'A 21% 
22% + 
21'A 
TO 
QuakStO 
.78 TO 277 
18'A TO 
TO’A— 
26 
22 Quanex 1.2o 
8 
‘ 
7'A 
6% Questor ,1or 
9 
26 
22'A Q uestrpf A 2 . 
3o 
25% RCA 
1.2o 
TO 2446 28% 
27% 
28'A 
47 
43 RCApf 
3.5o 
.. zlO 46'A 
TO'A 
TO'A + 

Va 

Va 
% 
31 
25% 24% 
25 
— % 
21 
6% 6% 
6*8— ’A 
I 
23'A 23’A 
2 3 '4 + 'A 
% 

4 
.28 l l 
TO 72 
83 
IO 
71"? 71"?— 
9'A 
9*»— 

115 
7 
14 
26 

72% 69 
RCA pf 
IV A 
9% RTE 
17*8 
14*8 R alsPur 
.4o TO 1o27 
15'A 
14% 
14%— 
'. 
4V? 
3% Ramada .o6e 18 
912 3% 
22 
TO'A Rancoln 
.64 8 
TOO 
2o 
7% 
4% RapidAm 
26'A 
2o 
RapA pf2.25 
33'? 
28 
RapA pf 
3 
33% 29% Ray bsf 1.5ob 
21% 
19 
Raymnd .8o 
6o'A 
54 
Raythn 
2 
2o% 
16% Read Bat .8o 
3% 
2% Redman 
12% l l 
ReeceCp .74 
9 
22% 
2o'A ReevsB 1.44 
6 

Va 

3'/? 
3'A........... 
19 
19"?— % 
6"? 
6% — Va 
26 
26 
+ Va 
8 
32% 31 
31 
— 2'A 
6 
54 31% 
3o% 3o%— % 
7 
ITO 2o% 
19% 2o%— Va 
1ox932 
57V? 
55V? 
56>A+ 'A 
4 
211 17% 
16% 
17*4+ Va 
AA 
147 3 
2% 
2%— % 
57 
11% l l l l 
— % 
59 
22 
21% 
2T/e+ % 
19% 
16% ReichCh 
.74 8 
3o6 
19% 
18'A 
19'A— 
Le 
9'? 
8% ReliabSt 
68 
6 
TO 
9% 
9% 
34"? 
29"4 RelnEI 
1.1o l l 362 34'A 33 
95% 
8o 
RelEI pf 
3 
.. 
‘ 
21% 
W A RellnGp 
6 
39"? 
35 
RelGp p f.55k . 
3o 
26 
RelGp p f,65k . 
28% 
26% R elln pf2 68 .. 
8% 
7% 
RepubCp 
8 
19% 
15'A RepFinS I 
5 
2 
I"? 
R epM tg 
34% 
32 
RepStl 
16o 
8 
34% 
3o% RepTex 1.2o 
8 

9%— 
'A 
33%— % 
9 
94V? 94 
94 
— 1% 
253 
2o% 19% 
19%— Va 
47 
38% 38'A 
38’A— Va 
367 
29% 29'/? 
29%— "A 
8o 
27V? 27% 
27%— % 
44 
8% 8'A 
8% — % 
1o7 
TO 
16'A 
16%— % 
28 
1% 
1% 
1% .......... 
431 
33 
32'A 
33 
+ 'A 
57 
32% 31% 
32'A + % 
21 
15% 
ResrvOil 
.2o 14 1oo5 TOV? 
15% 15*/*— 
% 
26% 
19"? RevcoDS 
.24 15 528 22'A 
21'A 22 
+ 
'A 
21% 
9% 
Revere 
5o 
455 15 
14 
14%— 
Va 
44"? 
36'A Revlon .9o 
14 1324 37% 
36'A 36%— 
'A 
11*8 
1o'A Rexham 
.4o 7 197 1o% 
1o'A 1o%____ 
39% 
32 
Rexnrd 
1.44 
58 
48 
Rexn pf 2.36 
7o 
63'A Reyn In 
3.28 
82 
73 
Reyln pf2 25 
43% 
TO'A ReyMet I 2o 
94'? 
81 
ReyM pt4 5o 
41"? 
39% ReyM pf2.37 
IT A 
9% ReynSe ,4oa 
15'? 
12% Rich Co 
I 
26'A 
23 
Rich M er .7o 

9o 
37 
36'A 36%— 
Va 
I 
55 
55 
55 
+ 
'? 
8o7 
64'A 63'A 63%— 
% 
2o 
74 
73 
73 
......... 
827 
4o"a 39'A 39%— 
% 
35 
89 
86 
86 
— 3 
5 
39'A 39% 39%— 
Va 
82 
9% 
9% 
9%— 
% 
46 
14% 13% 13%— 
'A 
422 
23% 23 
23%— 
% 
24% 
19*8 Richmnd 
I IO 1656 24% 
23% 24'A. 
8 Rie9.eIT 1 3° 
* 
33 18% 
18% 1 8 % + ' Va 
29 
2o' ? RioGran 
7o 9 
597 26% 
26 
?6 
— 
% 
« 
] 2’ * 
RjoGr pf.8o 1oo8 15’A 
14% 15% + 
% 
TO'A 
13% R iteAid 
24 IO 
395 14% 
14'A 
14% 
24"? 
18% Robshw 1.1o 
9 
157 23% 
21% 22'A— Va 
6 
56 23% 
22% 
23% + % 
9 1635 11% 
1o% l l 
— % 
8 
1o7 18% 
18 
18’A + 
Va 
Z2o 118"? ll8 'A 118'/?+ I 
8 
82 15% 
15% 
15"?— 'A 
5x191 
13 
12% 
12%— 
% 
34% 
3o% Rockwel 2.2o 
9 
383 33% 
33% 
33% + V? 
85*e 
75% R klnt pt4.75 
.. 
14 82% 
81'/? 
82% + 1% 
31 
28 
R klnt pf 1 .35 
.. 
3 3o% 
29% 
3o% + Vt 
48'? 
41*8 RohmH 1.28 
.. 
292 45"? 
44"? 44%. 
6% 
5'? Rohr Ind 
1o1 
6% 
6'A 
6'A— Vt 
24"a 
TO'; Rollins 
TO 
IO 
255 17% 
16'A 
TO’A . . 
4'A 
3% Ron son 
33 
3% 
3% 
3%— % 
23*4 
2o% Roper 
1.4o 
5 
1 42 
2 2 
2o% 2o%— Va 
2o% 
18 
R orerA 
.94 l l 11o3 19% 
18'A 
18"?— % 
29*8 
21% Rosario .4ob 
TO 
TOO 27% 
26'A 26>A— 'A 
18’ 4 
14'i Rowan 
.12 
6 
8o2 17% 
15% 
17%+ I 
19' 4 
15'j Roy CCOI .8o 
8 
226 1 6% 
15% 
16%+ % 
55% 
51’A RoylD 3.26c 
5 2489 55% 
54V? 
55% + 'A 
27"? 
21% Ruobrm 
48 
12 
99 23% 
22'A 22’A— Va 
11*8 
IO '; RussTog 
76 8 
1o4 l l 
IO"? 1o%— 
% 
12% R yderS 
-o5r 
7 1349 13'A 
12% 1 3 'A .... 

25% 
21% Robrtsn 1.5o 
14'A 
1o*8 Robins 
.32 
2o% 
17% RochG 1.28b 
119 
116'A RochG p ill 
TO1 ? 
14% RochTI 
I 
TO'A 
1o% Rockowr .76 

15 

— s 
A 
22% 
15"? 
29 
6% 
5o*b 
13% 
4 3 'i 
14% 
44' ? 
TO'A 
38% 
7% 
17% 
15'A 
9*8 
TO'A 
39'? 
1o% 
53' a 
16*8 
4% 
3% 
7'? 
11% 
15*e 
13% 
24*8 
5'A 
7'a 
44% 
18'? 
65’A 
14% 
6% 
28 
25'A 
2o*4 
9'? 
23"? 
56 

2% SCA SWC 
19*8 SCMCp 
BO 
13% SOSCon 
.5o 
24 
Sabine 
.5o 
4% Safgdln 
o9e 
44% Safeway 2.2o l l 
SagaCp 
TO 
36'A StJoMin 1.3o 
12% St JoLtP 1.12 
41 
StLSaF 
2.5o 
IT A StPaulS 
Ie 
32% StRegP 1.64 
6'A Sal ant 
,24b 
14' ? Sambos 
.48 
13% SDieGE 1.2o 
7"? SJuanR 
99t 
9% Sanders 
35% SFelnd 
2 
9% SFelnd pf .5o 
4 2 '; SanFelnt .3o 
TO’A SargtWel .6o 
3*8 SauTRE 
3'A SavAStp 
6 
SavOnDr 2o 
9*8 SavEIP 
8o 
14% SavnEA 1.34 
13 
SavEI p fl.28 
18'A SavBM 
.3o 
4 
Saxon 
5*e Schaefer 
35% SchergPI 
I 
14 
SchlitzBr .68 
56 
Schlumb .8o 
TO 
SCOAIn 
.8o 
5% Scot Lad 
TO 
24*8 Scot Pet 12o 
21 "4 Scott For .84 
16% Scott Pap .76 
8 
Scottys 
.2o 
2o 
Scovill 
12o 
49% Scovil DTO.5o 

TO 
323 
3'A 
2% 
5 
238 
2o*8 
19"? 
6 
39 
14% 
14 
TO 
94 25 
24'A 
8 
171 
5% 
5% l l 1769 
46’A 
45 
7 
84 
11% 
11% 
TO 
926 42'/? 41 
9 
5o 
12% 
12'/, 
9 
55 
42% 
42 
.. 
188 
12% 
12% 
9 
679 
TO'A 
35 
5 
68 
7% 
6% 
8 
613 
15% 
15 
6 
482 
U 'A 
13% 
6 
51 
7% 
7'A 
. 
382 
1o% 
9% 
8 
963 
37'A 
35% 
TO 
1o%. IO 
1o 718 
48% 46% 
8 
2 
15% 
TO'A 
3% 
3'A 
3'A 
6'A 
9% 
. . . 
U 'A 
U 'A 
34 
13'A 
TO 
9 
384 
21% 
19% 
8 
279 
4'A 
4 
2o 
49 
6'A 
6 
TO 2o92 
37 V? 
35% 
8 
734 
TO 
14 
18 16o9 
6o"? 58% 
5 
11o 
14% 
13% 
38 
72 
6% 
6 
8 
TOI 
26% 
24% 
8 
96 23'A 
22% 
9 894 
17"? 
16% 
11 
162 
8% 
8'A 
8 
331 
21'A 
2o 
2 
49% 
49% 

126 
43 
57 
31 
9 

3% 
6% 
9% 

3 — 
Vt 
2o 
— 
V; 
14%— 
% 
24%— *( 
5'A— 11 
45'A— VA 
11% .......... 
42% + I 
12%— 
'A 
42% + 
Vt 
12% ___ 
35'A— 
% 
6%— v^ 
15 — 
% 
14 
+ 
% 
7% .......... 
IO 
- 
Va 
35%— Va 
IO 
........ 
46%— V a 
TO'A.......... 
3% + 
% 
3'A .......... 
6% + 
' e 
9% + 
Va 
14'A.......... 
TO 
- 
" j 
2o1/4— 
3v, 
4’A .......... 
6'A + v; 
36’A- 
14 — 
6o — 
14 — 
6’A— 
’/ 
24%— I*/ 
22%— 
* 
17%— 
I 
8% + 
* 
21 
— 
’ 
4 9 *j— 

IV 

Continued on Page 

C o m p l o t * * n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r l e e t i 
American stocks 

E x c l u s i v e 
I n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

Y .o rfy 

A B C if YO RK (A P ) tra d in g tor the week in A m erican 
Exchange issues 
» ™ e ica n 

•»V 
S a tn 
^ 
U w 
<***■> H«|H lo w le v CK*. sr 
“ 
129 
2o ie 

Yearly 
Htjt> lo w 
Wet 
Yeofty 
SoH* 

3* 
32 
3o 
56 

.4o 
S 
32 I 
.4o 13 

6 
5 

5 * A 
EP»s 
9 
A A R CP 
4 % AAV COS 
7 
APSInc 
1os* A SPRO 
I 16 A T I 
Inc 
9% AVCCp 
UVA AVXCp 
4 
Apr clMi 
1% AcmeMm 
7'4 Acm eP r 
4% A ction 
28b 
_ 
3'e Acton Cp 
14 lift 
3*4 Adam RS .o4* IO *99 
13** AdobeOil .16 IS 
I'A AegisCp 
8' ? Aero FIO I5e 
I *S Aproned 
3Ss A ft it Cap lOe 
8'.* A ffilH sp 
24 
1o ‘ s AH ii Pup 
.56 
5% Afters** 
.24 
6’ 2 A la n WOS 
.. 
4*7 A la s k A ir 
4 
1% Al ba Wa 
o5e 63 
5% Aicotac 
3?-t. 6 
8U AllegCp wt 
4% AI leg A ir 
8 l*e Al tep A w tO .. ss AitegA w tw 

6% 
9*4 
5** 
7U 

5*4 
9 
SMI 
7 

* % ♦ 

C c 
7 — 

2*s 
6 4 
2U 
I 
3% t 
3% 
7% 

1st B a rw ick 
4st Behind 
o8a l* k B dsetR 
o6* 
2% B enrus 
2ss Berg 
Cot 
5 
B e aen o 

IS li s t 
11*1% u t * — 
* 
IV* 
I 
H H 
11*4 l l 
I - 

321 
13V* li s t l j 
4-1 
6% 
1*4 
2% 
6* . 
4’ ? 
5% 

6*t 
V * 
2% 
6’ j 
4% 
4% 
53 
13% 
13'J 
13’ 

25' 2 AllegApfC 3 
5'/* A llia n t 36e 
5 
I 
Al Id A rt 
13Ss AHdThr 
88 
9 
7 
A lphelnd 
8 
5»s A ita m il 
1oe 
4 
Vs A lte c Cp 
3 16 A lte c Cp w t 
5'* AMecCrp pf ll* ? A tterFds 
SO 
8 
47'? Alcoa pf 3 75 i 
4's AAAAX w t 
17% Arn Agro i 
6% Am BM trt 
SO 6 i 
16*s Am Bro w t 
I 
6% Am Bus P 
28 
8 i 
6’s A Contr! 
48 6 
I 
A m F le tc h 
I 16 Am F itc h w t i 
5*4 AG arPd 
34 .. i 
3' ? A tn tP fct i 
2 '* A Israel 
.H r t 
8'? A Maize A .4o i 
8% AM aizeB 4o j 49 
Am Mf 
2 8oe i 
4% A Mot Inns 
9 
32*4 Am Pet* 2.2o 
9 
7S% APrecs 
28 
■s' 7 ASafEq 

1»s 
95, 
U s 
4S» 
8Ss 
12 
7% 
7' 2 
4Ss 
2 
S 'j 
9 H 
S's 
2*4 
2211 16 
3 
26 
45 
7 't 

IV* 
9 
ISS 
4 'I 
8*8 
- 
11*4 
12 
6*4 
7% + 

6* * -i l ’ e— 
2H+ 
6' j— 
4% + 
5 H + 

IV *... 
9H + iss— 
4% + 
8% ... 

153 
V s 
23 
19'% 

7V* 
4' 2 
1»* 
5'» 
9 
5 
2'* st 
25'J 
26 
6*4 

T H — 
4'jj— 
IV*— 
5’s— 
9 
— 
5% + 
2*4— 

9 
59 
84 
7 
I 
, 
22 
13 

I 
19ss 
2*8 
2’ ? 
6*4 
6*8 
3 
35 16 
*4 3 36 
5*4 
5** 

36*s 
33’ ? B rgB pf I IS 
I 
3’4 
2*s Bern*o 
6* j 
5 
Bertea 
34 
3'% 
2% BervenC 
o6 
4>4 
3 
Beth CP toe 
3'-4 
2*s B e verlyE 
13% 
11*4 BicPen 
48 
5*4 
4 
Big Dad 
8 
7 
BigVSop 
26 
16% 
IS'4 B n kM f la 
19'> 
14'% BinnySm 8o 
1o*% 
5'8 Btessng 
3o 
11*4 
7% 
Blount 
3o 
5S% 
4*8 
BOd'nAp 4o 21 
8 
6*4 
Bol? Ber 
2o 16 
24’ 4 
15*4 BowValt 1o 95 
13»s 
9-4 
Bowne 
3o 
5 
9*s 
5 
9*s 

6*4 * 
1 — 
19Ss— 
Ss 
2 Ss ....... 
6*4*- 
>4 
I 
......... 
*4 + 1 16 
5 * 4 ..... 
12*s— 
SS 
49 
.......... 
4V*— 
'/j 
3 H - 
*4 
7 

JVA 
11*4 
3*'* 

5*4 t 5*8 
14*4 

12 
72oo 49 
49 
28 
4*4 
4’ 7 
28 
3*s 
3*s l l 
7*4 
7 
............... 
241 21*4 
19*% 21*4+ iss 
46 
6*4 
6! 8 
6* 4— 
% 
6*4 
6’ I 
6*4+ 
>% 
I *4 
I 
V * — 
’s 
12 3 32 I 16 I 16—I 32 
44 
6 
7* 7 
7SS.... 
3% 
2*4 
8% 
- - 
8’ j 
. 
., 
53 *s 53 Ss 
51%— 
>4 
4Ss 
4* J 
4S%+ 
VS 
39 34*4 
3 4 'j 34*4........... 
67 9'-4 
8% 8'% ........... 
49 
5'4 
5 
5 
- 

2o6 

12 
134 
46 
8 
I 
56 

4'% 
3*s 
9 
8St 

4 
3*4 + 
8*4 
. 
8H+ 

 f 
9*4 Am SciE o4e 23 
356 
14*4 
13*s 
13*»— 
% 
3*4 Am Tee 
25e l l 
A m tltlS 63e . 
7' 7 AndreR 
o7e 
13 
5 
2 
AngloC 
.13e 
7 177 
6% Anken 
.28 
6 16 
5 
Anthony 321 
3 36 
5*8 AppldOta 
7 29 
3 
ApldDev 
13 51 
14'a AquitCa .3o 
9 48 
4 
ArizC L lOe 
14 21 
5*4 ArrCot pf.48 
IO 
4*4 A rm inC p .12 14x1oo 
4 '4 A rro w E 
13 
37 
5T|S A ru n d e l 
7 
23 

18 
4% 
4 SS 
4*4— 
17 
IT j ll* a 
I I H . . . 
" 
‘ 
3 
3 
3 
3*8 
7’ a 
5*8 
5*8 
4 

3*4. . . 
7 
5 
- 
5 *4 ... 
3 '! 

3*4 
6's 
5 
S'? 
3*% 
, _ 
14% 
14*8 
U H — 
4*s 
4’ s 
4*4. 
6's 
4*4 
5*8 
7*4 

Vt 

6*8 
5*4 
6’ • 
7*4 
6*8- 
7 * i— 
4 
9*8 Asamera .3o 12 3o45 
12% 
11*4 
12% + 
9* ? Ash IOC 
.2o 
9 
35 
4 
*8 AskinSvc 
.. 
5 a 
4 's Astrex 
.15e 
7 181 
>8 
4*s A talanta 2oe 
3 
9 
4 13 16 A tco 
Ind 
.. 
U . „ . , 
'a 
3*8 AtiasCM lie l l 
229 
4*4 
>4 
9 
AtlasCp wt 
4 
12*4 Aug at 
3o 12 

*s 
_ 
.. . . . . . 
Ss io ta 
1o*8 lo s s - 
*4 
Ss 
Ss......... 
4*4 
4*s 4'S— 
Va 
4 S% 
4*4 4 's + 
*4 
1415 1615 1615 16.......... 
—9 
4*4 
4’ 2 
4H — *'4 
77 l l 
IO’ 8 l l 
+ Ss 
44 
13*4 
12*4 13 — >4 
14*4 A u s tra lO 25 
733 
22’ 2 
21*8 
22's + 
5’ A AutoTrn 7ot 
1 7 a 's A u tm B Id k8 
3 's Aul rn Roo 
2 39*4 AutoSw 1.2o 12 
*8 
3 's AV EM C 
.2o 
>4 
23'a Avon elal 1.2o 
*4 
7 
AydinCp 
's 13 16 BR T 
3oe 
'4 8’ 8 BadorM t .5o 
*8 
4*8 BakerM 
15e 
1o' s Balder El .24 
% 
6*8 BaldwS 
32a 
'4 
16's BanFd l.ISe 
15 16 BangPun w t 
% 
9’ 2 Banister 
4o 
*4 
4*4 Banner 

Pa 

o8 

2 's BarcoCa .12 
3’ s BarnesE 
7*8 Barnw l 
2oe 
4' 2 B arry R 
.12 
IO 
B a rryW r 
44 
3 
Barth Sp 
2o 
1 *8 B a rto n s 
1*4 BaruchF 

S6 
6U 
5% 
SH — v? 
6 
18 
4% 
4*9 
4 *9 ... 
3 
36 
4 
3% 
4 
12 
3 
43% 
43% 
43%— 
% 
6 
39 
4U 
4 
4U — 
% 
9 
12 
24% 
23% 
23*?— 1*9 
7 
45 
7% 
7% 
T t t - 
'A 
5o15 16 
% 
’ t . . 
9 
27 
11% 
IO’ ? 
1o%— i 
6 
7 
4% 
4% 
Va 
7 
335 
16 
14% 
15%+ 
*9 
.. 
3o 
6% 
6% 
6%— 
'A 
45 
17% 
17’ 4 
17% ... 
31 
1*S 
I U 
I U . . . A » 
6 
181 
IV ? 
11% 
11%+ 
H 
7 
245 
7"? 
7 
7 
— 
Va 
33 
22 
1% 
1% 
1%— 
% 
9 
IO 
3% 
3% 
3%— 
% 
12 
3% 
3*8 
3%— 
'A 
33 
51 
9U 
8% 
9 
— 
U 
5 
31 
4% 
4*9 
4 * 9 - 
% 
8 
81 
11% n u 
1 1 % - 
% 
IO 
4o 
3% 
3U 
3 H + 
% 
3 
1% 
1% 
I * , . . . 
23 
2% 
2% 
2 H - vs? 

4 
Branch 
.2o 
5 
7*4 Br a n il Ar w t 
12*4 l l 
BrascanA 
I 
3 
26*b 
21*4 Braun En 
I 
7 
4*s BreezeCp 
13 
9*8 B re w e rC 
2'S BroO art 
.2o 
6 
12’ ? 
IO’ 8 BrooksP 
4o 
5 
2'e 
2 
BrownCo w t 
15 s 
13*8 B rnF A 
.6o 
9 
14's 
13’ 2 B rnF B 
6o 
9 
4 's Brw nF p f 4o 
4 
B u s h ie r 
5 
12*8 Buell Ind 
4ob 5 
3*8 Buiide* 
5 
2*4 B u rge ss 
8 
13’ 8 Suring 
I IO 
6 
3*4 
15*4 l l 
14'/* 
38 
3’ * 
7U 
9'% 

SO 6 

8*8 
13’ 4 
14*4 
IO 
4*8 

414 
18 
8*4 

2o 
64 
5o 

.15 
25 

9 'a Butler In 
21*s CK Pet 
1*4 CDICP 
5*j CMBFd 
•6 
CHCCP 
7 
3 16 3 32 CIM tg wt 
3*s 
2% CM I Cd 
6*s CRSDes 
IO’ 7 CSECp 
TOH CWTran 
5*s Cablcom 
3*s eagle A 
14’s 
11*4 Cai dor 
5*s 
2*4 Calcomp 
3*4 Cal Life 
15*8 C a lP rtc 
6 
Cameo 
315 16 3 
Ca Ch b A 
5*s 
4% Campln 
6*8 
5 '* 
CdnExp o5e 7 
8 
5*8 
CdnHomO 
17 
2o’ ? 
16*8 CdlnPA 
75i 9 
41 16 3U CdnMarc 
2o ll 
14*8 
12’ ? CdnMerr l l 
16*8 
14’ ? CdnOcci 54 6 
42*? 
37’6 CdnSupO 
9 
I 
Capetian 
2’ s CapitiRs 
7 
2*4 CapitlFd 2o 
5 
4U Caressa 
3o 12 
78*4 
67 
Carnet 18o 12 
14*b 
13’ s CaroPipl lb 8 
57 
CaroPLpf 5 . 
4*8 Carrot Civ 
16’ 4 Cast ie AM I 
7 
18*b 
17’ 8 CasFd I 2oa 
2’ 4 
1*4 C a s tle t ll 

2’4 
3 ’ 8 
3*4 
5*4 

61’ ? 
5*4 
17*4 

19*8 
2% 
4) 
SI 
6*4 
21 
3*8 
22*4 
12’ ? Cenvill 

I ’ ? C e llu C tt 
38*b CenM pf3 5o 
47’ 2 CenPLot 
4 
5% Cent Sec 
5oe 
19’ a CerS p f 1.25 
2’ 4 C entry F 
I 18 
23's 
22’ 2 CerM pf? 25 
1*4 
1-4 CertdCp 
1*4 
*4 Cedron is 
2*% 
1*4 CetecCp 
9 
7*4 
5*8 Ch ad MI 
4oa 
7 
4 
2'e C ham pH o 
6 'a 
4 *8 C h a rtM d 
5 
7*4 
7 
C h n M pf .75 
. 
4*4 
3’ 8 Chem Ex 
6 
28'j 
24*s C hiR iv I 6oa l l 
12'8 
1o* s Chief Dev 
12 
9 
C h ild W ld 
7 
3 
Christna lOe 6 
12*» 
4’ 8 
2*8 
1*4 Cl nor am 
18 
12’ s 
IO’ 4 CireieK 
TO 
8 
9*4 
7*4 C itation 
4ob 
5 
I V 4 
8'a CityG sFI 
68 
6 
6 's 
6 
C larm nt 
2*4 
2>4 C larke 
We 
6 
13*8 
9% Clarkson .2o 
8 
6’ ? 
3’ ? a e ro s ta t l l 
14*8 
11*4 Clausing 
I 
8 
8’ e 
6 's Cl Opa y 
.16 
6 
19*8 
12*s Coach rn 
25 
5 
I 
Cohen Hat 
7 
2 
3V4 
2’ a Cohulnc 
12t 15 

(M s I Hugh la w 
Un# Chg. 
33 
J t% 
I SA ­ 
Mi 
129 
5% 
5% 
V A — 
’A 
4 r% 
2 
2 
- 
% 
*9 
2% 
2% 
2% — 
% 
16 
29 
2% 
5*9 
2% 
5% 
& = 
'A 
% l l 
U U 
14% 
14’ A— 
% 
J 
2% 
P a 
2 % ~ 
"A 
63 
«% 
SH 
% 
28 
3 
2% 
TH— va 
8 
JVA 
3% 
J U + 
'A 
127 
2% 
J"? 
I S ' . . 
146 
13% 
13U 
13*9 + 
" Va ' 
6 
4U 
4% 
4 U + 
% 
4 
7% 
7*9 
7*9— 
U 
39 
16 
15"? 
15% .. 
21o 
19'? 
17 
19% + 
2"? 
245 
1o% 
9% 
9% + 
2% 
86 
8% 
7% 
8 
- 
*9 
21 
5% 
4% 
5*A + 
VA 
13 
6% 
6% 
6%— 
*A 
617 
17% 
15% 
IF A— 1*9 
19 
9% 
9 ", 
9"ir— 
% 
743 
8"? 
7>? 
8% + 
% 
5 
4% 
4 
4 
— 
% l l 
7% 
7U v a — 
*A 
188 
11% l l 
1 !V » - 
% 
83 
26% 
2 3 ? 
25% - 
2*A 
3 
5% 
5% 
SH — 
’A 
58 
1o% 
1o% 
IO U — 
% 
9 
3% 
3U 
3% 
4 
1o% 
1o% 
1o% ... _ l l 
2 
2 
2 
. .. 
7 
14% 
14 
14 
— va 
119 
U U 
13’9 
13%— 
% 
9 
5% 
5 
5 
. .. 
22 
4 U 
4 
4 
— 
*A 
IO 
13% 
12% 
12%— 
% 
6 
3*9 
3 ? 
3*9 . 
21 
2% 
2% 
2% + 
% 
35 
U 
13% 
1 3 % - 
*9 
166 
8% 
9 % + 
% 
2oo 
14’ ? 
13 
14H + 
% 
233 
36", 
34% 
34%— I** 
31 
3’ ? 
3% 
3'A— 
VA 
IO 
5% 
5’ ? 
5"?— 
% 
3o5 
9% 
9% 
9% 
I 5 32 5 32 5 32 + 1 32 
111 
3% 
2’ a 
3% + 
VA 
26 
7% 
7'A 
7 "? ... 
8 
13% 
13 
13% 
2 
11% 
11% n u — 
% 
195 
IO 
IO 
IO 
... 
21 
3"? 
3% 
V i . . . 
227 
13% 
12"? 
12 % - 
'A 
2o9 
3 ', 
2% 
2%— 
'A 
8 
3*9 
3 U 
3 ",— 
H 
22 
16% 
16% 
1 6 % - 
VA 
54 
6% 
6 
6 
- 
% 
55 
3%39 1639 16— 3 16 
13 
4% 
4"? 
4 * 9 - 
’A 
39 
6 
5% 
6 
. . . 
69 
6 
5% 
58b... 
219 
JOU 
2o 
2o 
- 
'A 
32 
3% 
3'? 
3% + 
'A 
27 
14% 
14% 
U % + 
% 
IO 
15% 
14% 
1 4 % - 
U 
1o2 
4 1 ", 
4o% 
41U + 
% 
81 
2% 
1% 
2 
- 
*A 
19 
3 
2% 
2H — 
% 
27 
3’ a 
2% 
3 ',+ 
% 
25 
S’9 
4 ", 
4'«— 
U 
454 
7o"? 
67U 
67'4— 
3’ a 
7 
14 
13% 
14 
+ 
'A 
Z48o 
61"? 
59% 
61'? + 
2% 
54 
SH 
4*8 
4%— 
VA 
9 
16% 
16? 
16'?— 
% 
9 
18 
17% 
17%— 
*8 
15 
2 
1% 
1%+ 
VA 
658 
19% 
U H 
15*4— 3 *, 
26 
2’-A 
2 
2 
.. 
Z57o 
4o 
39 
4o 
+ 
% 
ZlOO 
49*? 
4 9 ? 
49"?.. 
19 
6's 
6 
6 
Z25 
2oU 
2oU aou— 
% 
5 
3U 
3’A 
3’ , + 
'A 
23 
18% 
18% 
18 % - 
% 
44 
22% 
22"? 
22’ 9- 
*9 
23 
1% 
I"? 
1% . 
124 
I 
% 
7rf_ ’ % 
124 
2U 
2% 
2U + 
"A 
6 
6 
5% 
6 
+ 
VA 
1635 
3 
2% 
2% 
49 
4% 
4% 
4%— 
% 
23 
7% 
7 
7"A + 
'A 
125 
4% 
4*8 
4*9. . 
5 
25% 
25% 
25’a — 
U r> l l 
IO'? 
1o’ ? - 
’ ? 
26 
9*8 
9 
9'?— 
VA 
88 
3% 
3% 
3% + 
VA 
16 
2 
1% 
2 
.. 
2o9 
11% 
1o% 
1o%— 
'A 
8 
7% 
7% 
7%— 
U 
32 
IO'? 
1o’9 + 
% 
48 
6 ? 
6 U 
6U — 
VA 
7 
2% 
2*9 
2%— 
'A 
27 
12% 
12 
12 
— 
U 
89 
6’ ? 
5U 
6V ,+ 
I 
24 
13", 
12% 
12% - 
% 
23 
8% 
7% 
8VA+ 
% 
343 
13% 
12% 
13%*- 
V? 
I 
1% 
1% 
1% + 
VA 
17 
2% 
2% 
2% .. .... 

 ta a 
4*8 
I U 
37 
2*4 
12*s 
13’ 8 
6‘ 4 
IV ? 
19*4 
12*s 
12*8 
2's 
IS* 
2*8 
IO * 4 
6*8 
12’ ? 
4'S 
13 
4*4 
12*8 
9’8 
1*8 
1*4 
17*8 
15*8 r ? 
4*4 
19 
16'4 
12's 
31>4 
2's 
2*s 
9 16 
5 16 
22*8 
5’ * 
1*8 
19’ 7 
4o 
7*4 
34’4 
6*4 
5*4 
15-8 
15‘ ? 
11’ 4 
14*4 
5*8 

2 
6’ ? 
3*8 
9’ j 
28 
13’ 8 
11*s 
7*? 
V? 
15*4 
7*s l l 
22*s 
2’t 
7'e 
37 4 
4*8 
35’ 8 
1*4 
2*8 
18*8 llS s 
41's 
15'e 
8’ 4 
13’ ? 
18*4 
1o*8 
IV ? 
I'8 
17*4 
8’ e 
5*4 
6' a 
9*8 
3*4 
17*4 
1*8 
19's 
61’ ? 
X)>8 
7’ 8 
17's 
2'b ll* ? 
6' ? 
7 
7'4 
6*s 
5 * 4 
16*4 
IO 
2'? 
21 
7*s 
32’ 
2 
6’ ? 
1o*8 

68 
8 
IS’ 4 COtemn 
3’ ? CotanCmi 
6' I Co*we*IC 
4o 
5 
34 
CBftMnca 
2 14 
I * , Com G rp 
14 , , 
9’ ? Com All 
3oa 
8 
IO > Com W I 
6ob 17 
4' ? C om dlnt 
4 
9 % Co PWC 
3o 7 
*8V, ComPS 
I 62 
7 
4*s Com pac 
I 
5 
Compo in 
32 21 
V ? CompuO 
7 
I 
Comp Inst i » C o m p ln v r*s Conchm 
SO 
5 
4*s ConerdF 
9’ s Congee 
3 
3 H C o n n llyC l l 
1o*8 Con rock 
6o 
8 
4 
Conroy 
9Ss ConsOG 
7'% ConsRef 
’ « C o n tM ti 
1*4 t o f f Tai w t 
11*4 Cooking 2oe l l 
13 a CookPV 
5 
CoopJar 
3 
Cordon 
15*8 CoreLb 
11*4 Cor en co iv e Cornelius 

.14 
6 
17 
6o 
9 
125 

4oa 
8 
*oe 4 
13 
2oe 8 ac 
8 
48 9 
26*1 Corr Blk I 4o l l 
2 4 C oseofnc 
2 a CottCp 
*4 C oft C o rp w t 
*8 Cousins w t 
16’ ? CoxCC 
21 
3'% C ram rE 
13t 68 
1* 4 C rest Fe 
I i 
15 
Crom pt 
75e 
5 
35 4 CrosAT I 2o ll 
6** Crow lM 
5o 39 
25*4 C w rC Pt 
6or 
4 
4*4 C ro w n e r 
6 
4’ 2 C row nln .2o 
8 
11*4 CrutcR 
36 35 
12*8 C rystlO 4oe 14 
IO’ a Cubic Co 
4o 
6 
13 
C o rtice s 
9o 
5 
4*s C u rtisM 15e 
4 

(ha* 1 H igh la w lo af Chg 

361 
16 ? 
15% 
ISH — 
*9 
♦9 
4*9 
4% 
4 % + 
U t 
19 
7 
6’ ? 
6 t ~ v? 
SO 
36 « 
36 
36 
I 
2U 
2’A 
T U * 
"V a r n 
12% 
11% n % — 
'■A 
35 l l 
1o% 
1o% + 
% 
43 
4% 
4*8 
4%— u 
127 
1o% 
*o% 
W a ... 
5 
19 
18% 
U H ­ 
VA 
619 
12% l l 
U H * 
% 
1o9 
12’ ? 
1o% 
12*?+ 
VA 
42 
2% 
2% 
TH-*- 
% 
3 
Va 
IVA 
IV A - 
% 
7 
Va l'A 
1% .. 
2o 
9% 
9% 
9%— 
U 
34 
5 
4% 
4%— 
VA 
41 
9% 
9 8 
9'A— 
Vt 
I 
3% 
3% 
3 % ... 
2 
12% 
17% 
12%— "va 
18 
4"? 
4% 
A it­ 
% 
194 
U U 
IO'? i o n — 
SA­ 
7 
8% 
8% 
8% 
VA 
37 
IU 
V a 
1U + 
VA 
19 
1% 
VA 
IVA— 
U 
343 
13% 
IV A 
12: A— 1% 
59 
13% 
13% 
13%+ 
'A 
IS 
6'9 
5% s n — 
% 
5o 
3% 
3 
3 
— 
VA 
5 
15% 
15% 
IS H .. 
IO 
15% 
15% 
15% + 
'■% 
25 
11% 
11% 
11% 
. . . n 
29% 
28% 
28%— 
% 
33 
2’ ? 
2% 
2 U — 
U 
15 
7% 
2*8 
2U + 
% 
7 S 16 va 5 1 6 + 1 1 6 
.. 
I 3 16 3 16 3 16 
32 
22*» 
2V9 
21*9— 
V? 
15 
4% 
4% 
4% + va 
7 
1*9 
1% 
1%— 
% 
12 
15", 
15 
15%— 
% 
69 
36% 
36 
36 % - 
*9 
3 
7 
6% 
7 
+ 
*A 
28o 
26% 
25% 
26U + 
’A 
3o 
6% 
6% 
6U + 
*A 
19 
4% 
4% 
4%— 
U 
129 
11% 
11% 
I I H — 
% 
166 
15% 
14 
15 
+ 
VA 
46 
IO"? 
1o*8 
1o*8— 
% 
34 
13% 
13% 
U U — 
VA 
25 
5 
4% 
SH— va 
D E F 

13 16 D C I 
13 
68 
1% 
IU 
I M . 
3% DWG 
49t 
4 
249 
4% 
4% 
4’ ?— va 
2% DemonC 
4 
3 
3 
2% 
2% + 
VA 
7 
Oamson 
23 
2oo 
7% 
7U 
7’ ? .. 
2o% Dame* 
18b 
8 
63 
22*9 
21% 
22 
. 
9% Oatapd 
>oe 
I 
535 
1o% 
9% 
IO 
- 
% 
7% O ayM in 
2oe 19 
1o5 
IOU 
9% 
IO 
— 
% 
7U 
De Ju tA lOe 148 
IO 
7% 
7% 
TH . 
IU De Rose 
4 
1% 
VA 
1 H * 
•A 
14 
Dei Labs 
36 
7 
13 
U U 
U 
14%— 
VA 
SU 
D ellw dF 
54 
12 
IO 
7 
6% 
7 
+ 
*8 
8 ’ ? D e n ta lE 
9 
73 
9% 
9% 
9 U — 
% 
19% D epsitr 
I 52 
6 x4 
21U 
2o% 
2o%— 
% 
I U 
Desgn Jw 
5 
1% 
1% 
1% 
SH OevCpA 
7 
34 
6 ", 
6’A 
6*A— 
VA 
26U 
Dev o r Gp 
9 Z5oC 
3o% 
28% 
29’ a— 
1% 
3 ", D gicon 
37 
3% 
3*4 
3*A— 
Vt 
13’ ? D iliardS t 
4o 
5 
7 
13’ 9 
13*9 
13V?— 
’A 
15 16 D iodes 
13 
VA 
I 
I 
— 
"A 
1% D*sFab lOe 13 
7 
2 
1% 
2 
— 
’A 
13*? Di ver soy 
56 IO 
133 
18% 
17 
18 
+ 
I 
1o% D ixityn 
4oe 
6 
256 
11*9 
H U 
H H — 
*A 
37>, DomePt 
8 
681 
41 
39% 
4o**— 
’A 
U U 
Dom tar 
.8o 22 
7 
14% 
14% 
14%— 
% 
6% Don ken y 
28 
4 
14 
7U 
7 
7 
- 
*8 
11% Downy 
37e 
4 
25 
13 
12% 
12%+ 
% 
16% O' exit*! 
I 32 
4 
16% 
16% 
16%.. 
8"? D riv H a rr 
8 
1o% 
IO 
1o% * 
H 
IO 
O rg F a ir 
4ob '4 
19 
1o% 
I O’A 
1o% . 
1*8 Dunlop 
o6e 
5 l l 
1% 
1% 
1% . 
U H 
Dup: x Pp 
I 
6 
9 
16% 
16% 
16%— 
VA 
6% DurTst 
3ob 
8 
48 
6% 
6% 
6%— 
VA 
3% D ynlctn 
o6 
12 
12o 
4% 
4% 
4*A— 
VA 
5 
DynAm 
6 
1o8 
5% 
5% 
5’A— 
% 
5% 
D y n e ll E l 
23 
153 
7 
6* A 
A H — 
% 
2% EAC In 
6 
44 
3% 
3 
3% .. 
16*8 E DG Inc 
25c 
3 
16*8 
16% 
1 6 *8 - 
‘ >A 
1% E aglee 
93 
I"? 
IU 
I ’A— 
VA 
17 
E a rth Res I 
IO 
133 
17% 
17% 
17*9— 
VA 
41% EasonO 
2ob 2o 
21o 
61"? 
51% 
6o*4 + 
8*8 
23’ , EstrnC 1.6o 
9 
6 
29% 
28% 
29% + 
% 
5 
EazorE 
.24 
5 
3 
5% 
5*8 
S 't— 
VA 
IOU Ecodyn lOe 
IO 
558 
15U 
14% 
15*4 + 
VA 
2 
E d m os 
36 
2% 
2% 
2*9+ 
*4 
9% EDO lOe 
7 
23 
IVA 
11% 
IV A .. 
4% EqanM 
SO 
6 
8 
5 
4% 
4%— 
% 
4% EhrenP 
2oa 
6 
SO 
SVA 
4% 
5 
.. 
5 
E ic o r Cp .12 
6 x81 
5*9 
5 
5% + 
’A 
4% El Hose 
21 
4"? 
4% 
4*9.. 
3", 
ElAudO 
21t 
7 
8o 
4% 
3% 
4 
+ 
• i i 
13% Eiectrog 
I 
7 
25 
U H 
14 
U H + 
’A 
7% ElecEng 
28 
6 l l 
8% 
8% 
OVA.. 
I"? 
E te ctR e s 
3 
I"? 
V ? 
I"? — 
VA 
17% El et Am 
I 2o 
3 
32 
19U 
18"? 
18’ ? - 
% 
4% 
E n g yR s 
E rns! EC 
9 
25 
6 ", 
5% 
6 
+ 
* l 
IO 
.64 
5 
1o6 ll" ? 
1o% 
1 o % - 
VA 
1% Ere md 
15 
89 
1% 
1% 
1% .. 
4% E s p e y M f 
5 
24 
5% 
4% 
5 
. 
8 
Esp Rad 
39e 
4 l l 
8V, 
8 
B H .. 

C o m p l e t e n a t i o n w i d e e o m p o w i t e p r i c e s 
New York stocks 

E x c l u s i v e i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

Yeorly 
High la w 

S— T — U 
Sales 
N et 
(bds.) H igh la w te s t Chg. 

8 
9’ > 
2B'e 
36*s 
3'a 
7i 
9’ 4 
17’ 4 
13*4 
69’ 4 
1o*4 
36’ 8 
19 4 
7>4 
W ’ 4 
IV ? 
19 
9*4 
8o 
35’ ? 
15*8 
23'a 
2o ? 
54 
41’ ? 
71 
14’ 4 
28' 8 
26’ ? 
63 
4o 
7*8 
19*a 
16*8 
23’ a 
45 
23’ a 
13*4 
19'4 
17*8 
4o 
79*8 
2o's 
19's 
14 
6 *4 
1o*8 
4o'S 
19*8 
32 
19*4 
16 
28’ 4 
12*8 
V'B 
24’ 4 
17’ 4 
2o*8 
58’ ? 
4o*4 
5o*4 
56’ ? 
37 
62*4 
6 's 
63*4 
38*8 
27*8 
17 
25’ a 
IO’ 4 
22*4 
IS*? 
14’ 8 
13*8 
17*8 
39’ 4 
43’ a 
14*8 
78'b 
3o’ ? 
22’ ? 
24*4 
31’ a 
52’ ? 
42’ 4 
43*4 
59*b 
85'b 
61 
8*8 
7*8 
17’ ? 
33 
19*8 
24*b 
13 
49*8 
9*8 
17 
6 ’ a 
11'a 
19'b 
37*8 
23*8 
13’ ? 
61 
15*8 
16' ? 
12'? 
28' 4 
14*4 
45 
5o 
1o1 
5*4 
24*8 
1o*4 
25 
49 
51 
25 
37*4 
53*4 
16’ B 
24*8 
258 
8'? 
19'? 
22’s 
7*» 
19’ a 
19*8 
4!> 4 
14*4 
6*4 
22*8 
1o>4 
39 
89 
79’ ? 
33V * 

I U 
96 
331 
698 
254 
183 
IO 
8 
6 
6 
44 
IO 1618 

6*4 Sc udder 
13 
8 Sr Srupd pf 83e 
24’ 8 Sea Cont .25 
3 
33 
SeabCL 
2 t 
2*4 SeabWA 22t 
21*s Seagram 9o 
7'e Seagrv 
16e 
14'e Seal Pw 
8o l l 
SearteG .52 
57’ a Sears 
I 8oa 13 6532 
7*4 Seatrain 
14 2o5o 
27’ s Sedco Inc 
3o 
7 
424 
16’ a SeigLtz I 2ob 6 
72 
4 's SVC Cp Int 
2o 
6x171 
15’ B Servm t 
.9o 
6 
8’ ? Shakspre 4o 6 
16*8 ShapeH 
IO 
5 
7 
Shear H 
22e 
2 
67*4 ShellOil 3 2o 
7 
31 
ShellT 
93e 
I 
11*8 ShellrGl 6oa 
4 
19’ 4 ShMGI pf 1.35 .. 
17* 2 ShllGI pf I 4o .. 
46 
ShllGI p f 
3 
34 
SkierwW 2 2o 21 
6o 
ShrW pf 4.4o 
12*e Si e rr Pac 
1 
8 
24 
Signal 
MO 8 
23'? Signal pf 
I .. 
53*4 Signal pf2 2o 
37*a Signode I 2o l l 
5*8 SimPrec 
18 
7 
16*8 Simm 
1.12 12 

64 
67 
IOO 
123 
694 
XI 
14o 
21 
2 
1 
12o 
Z27o 
74 
583 
2 
3 
23 
117 
71 l l ’ 4 SimpPat 
5o l l 1o97 
19’ ? Singer lOe 
43’ 4 Singr pf 3 5o 
17*4 Skagqs 
.5o 
8 
IO’ ? S kiiC p 
13 
13*8 Skyline 
.32 15 
14’ 2 Smith AO .8o 
4 
31*s S m ithlnt .52 
72 
Sm ifbkin 
2 
17*b Smith Tr 
17 
Smucker 
I l ia Sola Bas 
2'/a Sones! a 
8’ a SonyCp 

959 
35 
85o 
25 
855 
129 
8 12o1 
15 
624 
5 
99 
7 
164 
9 
116 
15 2235 
o6e 18 4649 

.6o 
9o 
6o 

37 
SooUri 
3e 6 
35 
18*4 SCarEG 1 56 9 
328 
28’ ? SCEG pf2 5o 
. 
3 
17*8 SoJerln 1.56 
8 
65 
13 
Soutdwn 
.6o .. 
IOO 
26 
Sdwn pf 1.8o .. 
21 
9'% Soest Bk 4ob 
9 
273 
7 
SoestPS 1,37t 8 
35 
21 >e SoCalE 
2 
6 2462 
15*8 South CO 1.46 IO 2535 
19*4 So In GE 
5o’ 2 SoNRes 1.85 
7 
36’ a SoNETel 
3 9 
48 
SONE pf3.82 
. 
54’ ? SONE pf4 62 
32*e SouPac 
2 24 8 
SS 
SouRv 
2 32 IO 
6’ j SouRy pf 5o .. 
57 
SouRy pf 
3 
3o’ ? So Un Co 1.84 12 
21*8 Soutlnd 
5ob IO 
36 
SouRoyl 
68 17 
2o’ 2 SwtBksh 
I 
8 
8 
SwstFor 
2o 
7 
2o'% SwtFI pf I 5o 
13U SwPbSv MO l l 'a SprtnFd 
.28 
9'b Sparton 
.4o 
15*% SperryH 
I 
36 
SprryHpf 
3 
35 
Sperry R 
.92 
12's SpringM .9o 
24 
SquarD I 2o 15 
27*4 Squibb 
96 l l 
18’ ? Staley 
I 
6 
23 
St Poor 1.92a 
27’ ? StBrand I 28 12 
48 
Std Br pt3 5o 
34 
StBPaint 
48 17 
38>% StdOilCI 2.2o 
8 1458 
49>4 StOillhd 2 6o 
9 2o22 
73’ ? StOHOh I 36 23 
675 
58*4 5OOh pt3 75 
7 
Std Press .4o 17 
6*8 StdPrud 
66 l l 

51 
245 
7o 
2 
ZlOO 
899 
214 
48 
IO 
143 
648 
24o 
133 
1o4 
18 
1269 
54 
29 
129 
14 
1197 
35 
322 
747 
244 
92 
36o z3o 
159 

221o 
86 
61 
75 
8o 
82 l l 
127 
235 
43 

IS'a Standee 
8o 6 
28*4 StanW 
1.12 9 
17 
Stanray 
.8o 8 
22*8 S tarrett 
M 2 7 ll* * StaMSe I OS 
44**4 StautCh I 44 
9 
7'a Sterchi 
.56 
7 
U l s t e r Drug 7o l l 1o12 
4*4 Ste rI Pre 
.12 6 
84 
9*4 Sterndnt 
4o 
16’ ? Steven J I 2o 
5 
33*4 StewWa I 96 
8 
TO' a StokVC 
12o 15 
11*4 StokVC pf I 
S3 *4 StoneW 
2 5o 7 
12’ ? Sion Con 
6o 
5 
IS** Stop Shop 
I 
6 
1o’ s StorTec 
67t 
6 
23*a Sforer B 
I 
6 
12*8 S tridR ite 92 
7 
38*4 StuWor 
I 68 
5 
43’ 7 Stow pf I 4o 
88 
SluW pf 
5 
3’ V SuavSho 
7o 4 
2o’ / SubPrG I o8 
7 
8’ s SuCrest 
5o 
3 
19 
SunChm 
.4o 
6 
SO' 4 SunCo 
2 
6 
41'a SunCo pf2 25 
JO ? Sunbm 
I o8 
8 
33 a Sundstr I 2o 
9 
48 
Sands pf 3.5o .. l l 
SunsMg 
14r 86 
21’ a Super Val 
66 
9 
185 
SuprOil I 8o 15 
6'a SupmkG 
3o 
6 
17’ ? Supm pf I JO 
I 
16'a SuprSCD 2Se 
5 
73 
6’ 4 SutroMtg 
33 
95 
15*% Swank la 
6 
146 
16*8 Sybron 
84 
8 
ISO 
37 
Sybrn pf 2 4o 
8 
9'9 Sycor 
6 
142 
S’ ? Svstron 
44 
17'b Ticor 
I IO 
6 
159 
8*8 TR EC p 
12 
81 
34’ j TR W in 
1.4o 
9 1o27 
81*4 TRW pf4 4o 
.. 
48 
73'a TRW pf4 5o 
3o 
28’ » T af* Hr ti 
8o 
9 7oS 

7 
9*8 
27*b 
36*8 
3 
22*8 
8’ ? 
15’ % 
12’/% 
6o's 
1o*4 
35* 'a 
16*8 
7’ % 
15*8 
9’ ? 
17’ ? 
7 *i 
71*4 
32’4 
12’% 
19+4 
18*% 
46 
35*% 
61 
13 
26*8 
24*'? 
59 
39*% 
6’ ? 
17's 
12’/4 
21*8 
44 
18’ ? 
13 
14*8 
14'% 
34’A 
73*k 
17’% 
19*4 
13'% 
6*4 
9*4 
4o Va 
18'% 
29 V? 
18’A 
15 
27’4 
IO’/? av? 
23V? 
16+4 
2o’/? 
53'/a 
38’% 
48 
56 
33*8 
57’A 
6*8 
57V? 
31*4 
22 
39’ ? 
24’/* 
9*4 
21'% 
13'% 
12*% 
11*8 
17*8 
36'% 
35'% 
13*8 
28 
28 Vat 
2o’% 
23'% 
28*4 
48"? 
34*8 
39'% 
52*4 
83*a 
61 
7’% 
7 
16*4 
32*4 
19"? 
23’% 
12 
46*8 
9*8 
15*4 
5 
11*4 
17*8 
33'% 
22"? 
12*4 
54'% 
13’% 
16’4 
1o'% 
28 "4 
14’% 
41 
44 V? 
89"? 
4 
21*4 
9 
21*4 
45’% 
46'% 
22 
37*4 
53*4 
15-4 
22*4 

65 
12o4 
5o 
9o 

 ztfo 
17 
28 
265 
638 
7o 
469 
5 
I 
91 
84 
1o9 
141 
8o9 
248 
473 
169 
2o 
564 
312 
1o4 192 
122 
7*% 
18’% 
17*8 
6*4 
16’ 4 
17’ % 
37'% 
1o*9 
5*4 
19*8 
9 ’ 4 
35? ar? 
76’ ? 
29 

6*4 
9’% 
26 
35’ J 
2'8 
22 % 
8’ 4 
14'% 
11*4 
57*8 
9'% 
34% 
16’% 
7 
15"% 
9 
16' a 
7 
69*% 
32’ 4 
11*8 
19*4 
18 
46 
34*4 
6o’ ? 
12*4 
24*4 
24’ ? 
56 
38*4 
5'e 
17*4 
11*4 
21 
43*8 
17*4 
12*8 
13*s 
14’ ? 
31*8 
72"? 
17*s 
18’ 7 
13’4 
3*8 
9*4 
4o"% 
18’% 
29 
17*8 
14’% 
27 
1o 
3*8 
23 
15*8 
19*4 
52*8 
37*/% 
48 
56 
33"% 
55*% 
64 
57 
3o"? 
21*8 
38*4 
23’% 
8*8 
2V% 
13*8 
11'% 
IVA 
16'% 
36*4 
35*8 
13 
27 
27’4 
19’/4 
23’% 
28 
48 
34 
39’% 
51*8 
8o 
61 
7’A 
6*4 
15'% 
31'% 
19*4 
22*4 
11*4 
44*4 
9’% 
14*« 
4*4 
1o*8 
16’% 
33’4 
21*4 
12 
53*. 
13 
16 
1o’% 
25 
14 
39*b 
44’% 
89 ? 
3*8 
2oTa 
8*8 
2o’ a 
43*8 
44*4 
2o’% 
35*% 
SI 
14*8 
21*8 
187 
6'a 
IS’ a 
I S'% 
6’ 4 
15*4 
16*8 
37 
9'a 
S’ ? 
18*8 
8*8 
34*4 
81*4 
75’ ? 
28% 

6*4— 
9’%— 
27*8+ 
36*? + 
2'% + 
22’% - 
8*s .. 
15’% 
12 
+ 
58’ ? - 
1o*4 + 
35’%+ 
1 6 *8 - 
7 
+ 
15’8 
9’ ? + 
16*8— 
7’%— 
71*4 + 
32’ 4— 
11'%— 
19*8— 
18*8 
46 
— I 
35 
— 
"4 
6o*%- *8 
12* 4— 
’% 
26*8+ I 
24"?— I 
5 9 + 2 
38*4— 
6 — 
17'?— 
11*8- 
2V-S— 
43*8— 
18'?+ 
1 2 "? - 
13*8- I 
14*8.......... 
32*4— 1*4 
73 — »% 
17*8— *8 
18’?— 1’% 
13*%- 
'% 
6'4+ 2*8 

4o' ?+ 
'% 
18'?.......... 
29’%+ 
’% 
18'8+ 
*4 
141,4— ’% 
27 — Va 
1o*4+ 
*4 
8"?......... 
23 — '? 
16'? .... 
2o - *8 
53’%+ 
*4 
38'%+ 
*4 
48 — *8 
56 
+ 
*4 
33’A— 
>4 
55’%— 1'% 
6' ?— ’% 
57 
- I 
31*4+ VA 
21 
39' ?+ 
23"?— 
8*4— 
21*%... 
13*4... 
12*4 + 
IVA— 
17*%+ 
36’% .. 
35*8- 
13"*— 
27*4— 
27' ?— 
19*8— 
23*4— 
28’A— 
48 
... 
34*8— 
39**— 
52*4 + 
83 
+ 
61 
+ 
7*b— 
6'%... 
15'%- 
32’ 8 + 
19"? . 
22'%— 

’% 

 vs lith ......... 
45 
9V4— 
15’% + 
4'S— 
1o* 4— 
17*A— 
33*4— 
22’%+ 
12 
54 
13 
16 — 
1o*8— 1% 
25 - 2*4 

*8 

14 — 
41 
+ 
14’% + 
89 ? + 
3*%- 
2o'%— 
8 *8 - 
21*4 + 
45 
+ I 
46*8 + 1'% 
2o'%— I 
37*4+ Ta 
53*4 
14*8— 
22 — 
192 
+ 
7’% + 
18’8 - 
17 8 
6’ ?— 
16‘ •— 
17 
+ 
37"7 ■ 
IO - 

Y *orfy 
H igh ta w 
Soles 
(hds.j H igh lo w 
Net la s t Chg 

2*4 
*4 

3’ ? 

*8 
’% 
!9>4 
8*8— 1’% 
34*4— 
*? 
82 — I 
76?......... 
29 — 
*4 

6*8 
IO"? 
13’ 8 
2o"4 
42'% 
16 
12’ ? 
3 9*4 
8’ 4 
13 
68'? 
6'% 
7o 
1o2’ ? 
9*8 
3 *8 
37’ 4 
138 
17’ ? 
31 
3o 
39’ 4 
42 
2 8 * . 
31*4 
49 
16’ 8 
1o2-4 
11*8 
33 
37’ ? 
2? 
3 1’ s 
55’ 4 
5*8 
27*4 
3 4*8 
25’ ? 
23'% 
4 o*8 
12*4 
18? 
9'a 
2o*8 
13’ ? 
38’ 4 
23 
54'% 
17% 
9 
1 4 'a 
26 
26’ 4 
12*4 
7*% 
13’% 
37*4 
39’ a 
12’? 
19% 
15% ill 
24% 
19'% 
11'% 
1o7 
99’ ? 
2 8 ? 
11*4 
23*8 
37 
43 
22% 
33’ ? 
1*4 
IO’ ? 
18’ 1 
26*8 
31 a 
15*8 
12% 
17*4 
24’ ? 
2 4 *4 
27’ ? 
2o% 
31% 
15% 
2 *8 
17*4 
39 % 
22*4 
13% 
51% 
13% 
66*8 
62% 
8*4 
7*« 
16% 
42 
53 
53% 
31 
93 
5’ a 
59% 
76*8 
55 
1o*8 
89% 
1o% 
14'e 
11% 
3o% 
13% 
14*8 
77% 
25% 
24% 
16 
6 
13% 
13% 
39% 
4*8 
13% 
18% 
5 4 % 
2 6*8 
2 8 % 
8*8 
8+4 
17% 
4 
27 
5o 
29*8 
39 
174 
121% 
19% 

4% Talcott 
23 
17 
8% Talley 
6o 5 
173 
12 
Talley pf 
I .. 
32 
17*4 TampEI 1.12 9 HOS 
33 
Tandy 
8 2o92 
11% Tandycff 
6 
332 
9% Tappan 
24 
9 
136 
32% Technic? 4o IO 317 
5% Technics 
31 
256 
9*4 Technicn 
9 
245 
56% Tektronx 6o 16 328 
6 
Telecor 
3o 
5 
88 
54’ ? Teledn I 45t 
5 1261 
92 
Teledyn pf 6 
7 
Telprmt 
2% Telex 
31% Tennco 
I 88 
118% Ten ne pf 5 5o 
12 
Tesoro 
I 
24 
Tesor pf 2 16 
25*4 Texaco 
2 
34% Tex Com MO IO 
38% Tex Est 
I 85 9 
26*4 TxET pf2 4o 
. 
3o 
TxET pf2 87 
41*4 TexGsf 
2 7 
14% Tex Ind lb 15 
8o% Texlnst I 32 2o 1o85 
8% Tex Int 
U 
46o 
25% TexOGs 
2o IO 1141 
28% TxPcLd 35e 23 
111 
19 
TexUtil I SO 
8 11o9 
28% Texsglf 
I 2o 14 
51% Texglf pf 3 .. 
3*4 Texfilnd 
25 
Textron 1.4o 
8 
31% Textr pt2 o8 .. 
22% Textr pf I 4o 
19’ * Thiokol 
8/ 
33 
Thom Bet 
1o% Thom In 
15"b Thom J W 
8% Thrifty 
16*4 TidwtMr 
IO’ 4 Tiger Int 
32 
Timelnc 1.15 IO 
2o 
TimeMir .8o IO 
5o 
Timkn 
2 2o IO 
16 
Tishman 
24 
5* ? TobinP 
15e 
. 
8% Todd Ship 
74% Tot Edis 2.12 
9 
24% TOI Ed pf2 2! 
9% Ton ha Cp 48 

9 
258 476 
IO 415 
7 2133 
3 
9 181o 
744 
8 4311 
115 
112o 
64 
96 
279 
27 

231 
29’ 
65 
8 691 
4 
19 
6x456 
I 16 
72 

5% 
9 
12% 
18% 
36% 
13 
1o% 
38*8 
8 
1o% 
6o 
6*< 
58% 
95% 
8 
2% 
32% 

4'A 
8% 
12 
17% 
33 
12% 
1o% 
37% 
7% 
9*4 
58 
6% 
54% 
94 
7% 
2% 
31% 
118% 118% 
13*4 
12 

.44 a 
.8o 8 
48 IO 
SO 
7 
.5o 7 

121 
44 
124 

6*4 Toot Rot 4ob IO 
1o*4 Tracer 
.2o 
3Vb Trane 
1.o8 
9 
34% Tran Un 1.76 
9 
9% TWA 
4 
17 
TWApf 
2 
13% Transact* .66 
8 
1oo 
Trans pf4.5o .. 
22’ 2 Tranlnc 1.92 
17 
Tran sco 
I 8 
9*4 Transcn 
.52 6 
1o1 
TrGP pf IO 32 . 
91% TrGR pts 64 
. 
26% TrGP pf2.5o 
9*4 Tran Oh F .28 
4 
21 
Tranwy 1,4o 
7 
3o 
Travirs 1.28 
9 
37 
T ravel pf2 
. 
2o% TriCon 
2 11 
.. 
31'j TriCn pf2 5o .. 
1% TnSoM 
9 
Trianlnd 
14% TriaPac 52e 
4 
17% Trintytn 
.8o 6 
26% Tropic an SO 17 
14 
TucsnG 1.o8 
8 
9% Twee Cen SO 7 
15*4 Twin Os 
8o 
7 
17% TycoLab 4o ll 
2o% TyterCp .6o 
19% UAL inc 
6o 
17% UGICp 1.4o 
28% UGI pf 
2 75 
13*4 UMC ind 
I 
1% U M ETTr 
13% UOP 
35e 
31% UVInd 
2 
19 
UARCO 1.3o ll 
Unarco 
.6o 
47% UniNV 3-33e 
11% Un Banco 84 
57*8 UCamp I 8o 12 125o 
55 
UnCarb 2 8o 
8 2299 
7*4 UnCmrce 
2o 174 
5*4 Union Cp ll 1o3 
15 
UnEiec 
I 36 
8 2244 
38% Un El pf 3.5o 
5o 
UnEI pf 4 5o 
51 
UnEI pf 4.56 . 
29% UnEi pf 2-72 
87% Un El pf 
8 
4*t Un Fidel 
5 
53*8 UnOCal 2 2o 

658 
363 
615 
221 
327 
SOS 
135 
2oo 
15 
35 
6 
74 
64 
549 
5o2 
17 
153o 
I 
1o8 
569 
35 
ZISO 1o5 
Z7oo 98 
62 
149 
261 
1231 
19 
544 
6 
12 
9o 
53 
336 
176 
4o8 
349 
7 
568 
136 

25% 
27 
35 
42 
27*4 
3o*4 
43*4 
15 
85’4 
9% 
27% 
37"? 
2o 
29*? 
52% 
4% 
27*8 
32 
24"? 
22"? 
35% 
1o% 
16% 
9 
2o 
1o% 
33% 
21% 
52*4 
17% 
9 
12% 
25% 
25% 
1o*8 
6% ll"? 
34% 
36% 
9% 
18*s 
14 
IOO 
23% 
18 
IO 

25 4362 
7 
3o 
ZI SO 
8 266 
25 
239 
126 
31 
32 
264 
249 

Z8o z7So 
J 5o 
37 
4 
28 
7x922 
TO 
UOCa pf 2 5o x!8 
48 
UPacCp I 7o 13 12o2 
9% U niroyal .5o 15 118o 
82% U n iryal pf8 
.. Z*Qo 
8% U n B ra n d 
8 
96 
12% Un Brod pf A .. 
33 
1o 
U ritC p 
We 
25% UnEnRs 172 
11 
UFinC al 
4o 
11% UnG rnty 
25*8 U lltu m 2.44 
23*4 U n iliu pt2 2o 
19% U n it Ina 
TO 
13*8 U n itln pf 42 
4% U n itln r 
.14 
12% U JerB k 1.o4 
9% U n itM M 
31% Un Nude 
2*8 U n P kM n 
11*8 U rR efg 
56 
8 
15% USFoS I 26e 
47% USF.dG 276 IO 
23% USG VPS I SO 12 
26 
USGv p fl 8o 
6' b USHom 
.16 
6% USInd 
4o 
9% USLeasg 
32 
2% USRty 
22*4 USShoe I 2o 
43’ b USSteel 2 2o 
24*4 USTobc I 4o 
34% Un Tech I 2o 
155% UnTch pf 8 
31 159 
111 
UnTch pf7 32 
18 113 
17% Uni Tel 
I 2o 
9 
18o7 19% 
2*415 16 U n iT e l w t 
6o8 
2% 
24’ ? 22% Uni TI 2pfl SO 
27 23% 
7% 6% Uni trod 
IO 
9 
I U 
7% l l 
9 
U nivar 
56 
6 
24 1o*8 

.. 
151 
6 
153 
6 
352 
6 
19o 
9 
8o 
Z3o3o 
8 
SI 
4 
7 
56 
8 
27 
315 
12 2o93 
241 
8 
34 
165 
275 
7o4 
14 
467 
59o 
263 
SI 
161 
1969 
121 
1o39 

27% 
11*8 
22% 
31% 
38 
22 
33% 
1% 
9 *8 
17 
24% 
29 
15% 
1o*8 
16 
19"? 
22% 
2o ? 
18% 
3o 
15*8 
I'? 
14% 
36% 
2o 
12% 
51 
12% 
62% 
57 
8*8 
6% 
15*8 
39*4 
52 
52 
3o 
88% 
5 
55*8 
71% 
52*8 
9*4 
86*4 
8*8 
13% 
1o*8 
27*8 
13"? 
12% 
26*8 
24% 
23% 
15"? 
6 
12% 
1o*8 
39% 
2% 
11% 
16*8 
SO 
25 
26*4 
7% 
6% 
1o*8 
3’ 7 
23% 
46’ ? 
28"? 
34% 

24 
25*4 
34% 
4o*8 
27% 
3o’ 4 
42 
14% 
82 
8*8 
25% 
34% 
19 
28% 
51% 
4 

31*8 
24 
2o*8 
34% 
1o% 
16% 
8"? 
19*8 
1o% 
32 
2o*4 
51*8 
16% 
6*8 ll"? 
24% 
24% 
1o*8 
6% 
1o% 
33% 
35% 
9% 
18% 
13% 
IOO 
22% 
17"? 
9% 
1o3% 
96'+ 
27 
IVA 
21*8 
3o% 
37 
21*8 
33 
1% 
9% 
16% 
23% 
28*s 
15 
1o% 
15% 
18% 
22% 
19% 
17% 
29*. 
14% 
1*8 
13% 
35% 
19 
11% 
5o% 
11*4 
59*8 
55 
6*8 
5% 
IS'a 
39% 
5o% 
52 
29% 
88% 
4% 
54% 
7o 
5o% 
9% 
86% 
8% 
12% 
1o% 
26% 
12% ll"? 
26*e 
23% 
23 
15% 
5*8 
12*8 
9% 
36 
2*8 
11*8 
16 
48% 
24 "4 
26*8 
6% 
6*8 
9% 
3*8 
23% 
45 
27*8 
34*8 
157 
111 
18*8 
1% 
23% 
IV A 
IO 

4%— *8 
8*4— 
*8 
12 ......... 
18 — 'A 
34*8- 1% 
12%+ 
% 
1 o "? + 
% 
37%— % 
8 
+ 
*4 
9 ’A — 
% 
5 8 * 8 - 1*8 
6%— % 
54%— 3*8 
95 
- I 
7%— *8 
7't— % 
31%— 
*8 
118'?— 2% 
12%— 
*8 
24%— 
% 
26*8.......... 
35 
+ 
% 
4o%— 1*8 
27*8- >A 
3o%+ 
% 
4 2 % ........ 
IS 
.......... 
84 
— 1*4 
9*8+ 
% 1 
26 — I 
37 
+ 3% 
19 "8— 
*8 
28%— 
% 
5 1 % - 
% 
4' 8— 
* 8 

31*8— 
2 4 * 8 - 
22 
+ 
35 
+ 
1o%... 
W a — 

*8 
% 
1*8 
% 

2o 
+ 
IO’ ?— 
33% + 
21 
— 
52% + 
17%+ 
8% + 
12 
... 
24 ’ a— 
25’ a 
1o’ ? - 
6%+ l l 
— 
33'a — 
36 
— 

18%... 
13%— 
IOO 
- 
22% - 
17’A— 
9%— 
1o5 
+ 
97 
... 
27’ 4 + 
IV A . . 
21*i 
31 
- 
37 
— 
22 
+ 
33 — 
Va — 
9 %— 
17 
+ 
24% + VA 

IV? 

28 
15%+ 
1o%+ 
15%— 
18’ ?— 
22"'4— 
2o%.. 
18 
+ 
& 
.. 
1 4 * 8 - 
% 
I"?— 
% 
14’ a— 
% 
3 5 % - 
% 
19%— 
% 
12%........ 
51 
+ 
*A 
11%— 
*8 
59*4— 2’ 4 
56%— 
% 
8 *8 * 
% 
5*4— 
% 
15%.......... 
39% + 
% 
51% + 
% 
52 
- I 
29*4.......... 
88’4 + 
Va 
4 % — 
54*8— 
7o"?- 
52*8+ 
OVA— 
86% + 
8% — 
13% + 
1o*8 + 
26%— 
13% + 
1 1 * 8 - 

24%— 
23 >4— v? 
15% 
5*8— 
*8 
12%+ 
% 
IO - "8 
3 9 % + VA 
2% 
... 
11 *8 - 
*■ 
16 
- 
*8 
48's— 
% 
24’ ?— 
% 

Yearly 
High 
Lew 
72% 
33% 
38% 
18% 
12"? 
45% 
34*8 

22% 
21% 
8% 

8% 
5% 
4*8 
14% 
23 
15*8 
11% 
15% 
49 
57 
6o 
88% 
1oV? 

I 
19% U nivFds 
29% UnLeaf 
32% Upjohn 
14% U S LIFE 
11*8 U siifeF 
39% U fahP L 3.12 
31% U tP L Pf 2.8o 

Sales 
I bds. I High Lew 
8 
37 
21 
I 88 8 
1o2 
33% 
1.o8 13 1497 
35 
.4o 6 42o 
15 
96 . 
89 
12% 
9 
58o 
41 
32 32% 

2o% 
32% 
32% 
14"? 
11*4 
4o"? 
32% 

Net 
Last Chg. 

21 
+ 
% 
33% + 
*8 
33*4— 1% 
1 4 *8 - 
*8 
IV A — 
4 o % * 
*8 
32% + 
'A 

 v - w - x 

18** VFCp 
MO 
17"? VSICorp 
AO 
7 
Val ley In 
4o 
14*4 V a rian 
.28 
7% V a rolnc 
2o 
4% Vendo 
3*8 Venice 
2o 
14 
VestSe l.31e 
15*4 Vet co 
2oe 
9’ ? Viacom 
7 
ViCtorC 
.2o 
14 
V a E P w I 24 
45 
V a E P pf4 12 
“ 
V aE P pf4 SO 
55% V aE P pf 
5 
85 
V aE P Df7 72 
97% V aE P pf8 84 
1o8*4 1o2*4 V aE P pf9 75 
31% 
3o% V a E P pf?9o 
89 
85 
V a E pfJ7.72 
82*7 
79 
V a E P pf7 2o 
85% 
81% V aE P pf7.45 
6*8 
4* b Vomado 
27% 
24% V u lcnM I IO 
21 
16% Wachova 54 
56*4 
46*4 A ach pt2 2o 
4’ ? 
3% WaChRfy 
15% 
12% W aiM art 
IO 
17% 
14% W atgrn 
I IO 
29% 
25% W lk rA 1.4oa 
21*8 
17% W all Bus 
66 
26*s 
2o ? Wa! I M u I 2o 
39% 
29*4 W att Jim I 2o 
42*s 
32*4 W aitJ p tl 6o 
6*8 
5 
W ardFd 47t 
9*4 
6’ ? W arnaco 
22 
17% W rm pf I 5o 
31% 
28 .’ W arns 
I 2o 
29*4 
26% W rn Com 
8o 
SS 
52 
WrnC p fl 25 
1o% 
9 
W m erC o .6o 
31% 
25% W arnerL 
I 
23*8 
21 
Wash GS 2 o8 
2o*4 
16' ? Wash Nat 8o 
27% 
18% Wash St! 
I 
25*8 
2o% WasWa" I 76 
15 
12 
W asteM 
2o 
24% 
18% W atkm J 
32 
7% 
6% W ayGos 
AS 
6*8 
4*t Wean Un 
o5e 
18% 
IS 
Wean p f! 26 
1o% 
8*4 W eathrd 
SO 
1o% 
8 
W ebbD el 
I 
27% 
24% W eisM kt 
87 
28% 
76 
W elisFg 112 
11% 
9'? W ellF M 54e 
57 
54 
W tP P pf4 5o 
41 
34 
W 'P tP e 2 4o 
27% 
26% W stCfTr 1.94 
1o*8 
8 
W n A irL 4oa 
3o% 
26% WnBnc 
LSO 
18% 
14% Wn NOA .4oo 
18% 
14 
W nPacln 
19 
17 
WnPubi 
88 
2o"? 
17% W Union I 4o 
53"? 
5o 
W nUn pf J 6o 
57% 
54 
W nUn pf 4 9o 
12% 
12% W nUn deppf 
65 
6V? W UTI pf 
6 
27% 
25% WU Ti pf256 
19*4 
16% W estgEi 
.97 
49"? 
4 6 % W e s tg p f3 W 
1% 13 16 W estm or 
33*s 
26 
Wstvaco 1.1o 
23% 
2o*4 W eybrg I 36 a« 46% 
38 % W eyerhr 
8o 
64% 
54’ 2 W eyr pf 2 8o 
27 
24 
Wheel F 
.72 
2o 
W A W heel P it 
3 
62 
6o 
W helP it pf 6 
S3 
5o 
Whet Pit pf 5 
27% 
23% W hirtpol 
I 
27% 
23% W hitCon MO 
39% 
37*e W hite pfC3 
8*8 
6% W hiteM t 
27% 
21% W hiting 15o 
6*8 
5 
W h itta k r 
14% 
12’ ? Wickes 
72b 
IO 
6' 2 W iebdtSt .32 
26% 
22*4 W illiam s 
I 
9** 
6% W ilshrO 
12 
45% 
4o 
W innDx 1.56 
6's 
4*8 Winnbgo 
19% 
14% W inter J ,8oa 
32% 
27*4 WiScEP 
2 
1o8 
1o5 
W isE pf 8.9o 
97"? 
93 
WiSE pf 7.75 
21 "4 
19*8 WisGas 1.7o 
29*4 
28 
WisG pf 2.55 
22% 
19’ 2 W iscPL I 6o 
21*4 
18*4 WiscPS 1.46 
33*8 28 
W itco 
MO 
15% 
12 
W .ftrD 
.6o 
5% 
4 
W olvrW .12 
12*4 
1o*4 W om etco 48 
8% 
6% WoooCp 
.4o 
29% 
W% Wood Pet 
3o 
26*4 
24% W olwth t 4o 
39% 
36 
W d w pf 2 2o 
6 
4% W ortdA ir 
81% 
7o*« W rig ly 2 4oa 
9*4 
9% W urltzr 
4o 
11% 
9 * b W Vt ain 
.6o 
2% 
1*8 W ylyCp 
58*4 
46’ e Xerox 
I 2o 
24*8 
15% X tra 
o8e 

7 
- 
% 

I 

1o% + 
3 * 8 ... 
23*b— 
4 6 % + 
28% + 
3 4 % + 
% 
159 
— 
Ai 
111 — 2 
18*»— 
*'4 
1*8— 
% 
2 3 * 8 - 
% 
7 ? — 
*A 
1o%......... 

9 
HH 
TV’ s 
19% 
19%— 
*4 
7 
17 
21", 
2o"? 
2o’ J— 
% 
13 
337 
8% 
8% 
8 "4— 
% 
12 
571 
17% 
16"? 
17 
+ 
% 
4 
126 
8 ", 
7% 
8 
- 
Va 
95 
5"? 
SU 
5*8+ 
*4 
13 
32 
3% 
3% 
3%— u 
91 
U H 
14 
U U 
7 
4o6 
17% 
16% 
1 6 % - 
% 
12 
396 
13% 
12% 
12’ ,— 
% 
12 
135 ll* a l l l l 
. 
8 2969 
U H 
U U 
14% 
Z3o 
46 
46 
46 
- 
1% 
712o 
55 
53% 
55 
+ 
•A 
18o 
56% 
56 
56 
116o 
86 ? 
85 
85 
- 
2U 
74oo 
99% 
1W% 
99'a— 1% 
. ZHTO 1o4"? 
1o3% + 
I 
.. 
67 
31 
87’ ? 
3o% 
31 
+ 
% 
,, 
ISO 
87% 
87% + 
*? 
7 29o 
8o 
79"? 
79% + 
% 
Z58o 
83% 
82 
82 
.. 
9 
293 
5 ". 
4% 
5 
- 
% 
8 
28 
25% 
25 
25 — 
% 
9 
448 
17% 
16% 
17 
— 
% 
98 
47 
46% 
47 
— I 
9o 
4 
3% 
3%— 
% i i 
176 
13% 
12% 
13 
- 
*? 
7 
144 
15% 
15 
15%+ 
VA 
8 
139 
27’ ? 
26"? 
26’ ?— 
% 
7 
147 
18% 
17% 
1 7 % - 
% 
4 
7o 
24% 
23*, 
23’ It— 1*8 
8 38o6 
34’ a 
29% 
32’ , — 1% 
1154 
36% 
32% 
3 4 '* - 2*8 
27 
6% 
5% 
6 
.. 
228 
9% 
8% 
BH— 
VA 
I 
21% 
21% 
21% + 
% l l 
51 
31% 
3o% 
31% + 
% 
7 
312 
27% 
27 
27*4— 
% 
3 
55", 
54*4 
54H— 1% 
9 
28 
9’A 
9 
9>»— 
% 
13 2254 
26% 
25% 
25%— 
% 
8 x72 
23 H 
22% 
22%+ va 
6 
33 
17 
16% 
16% . 
7 
46 
22 
21% 
21’% - 
■’A 
7 
145 
22% 
21% 
22 
- 
>6 
12 
278 
14*8 
13% 
14 
— 
VA 
15 
212 
24 
23 
23% + 
* A 
IO 
33 
6% 
6*8 
6% + 
*8 
8 
16 
6 U 
6’A 
F A ­ 
*A 
5 
15 
15 
IS 
6 
7 
9% 
9 
9 — 
H 
5 
386 
9 U 
8% 
9 
— 
U 
9 
26 
26U 
25% 
25% . 
9 1188 
27 U 
27 
27 % . 
16 
81 
1o*8 
1o% 
IOU. 
72oo 
55 H 
54"? 
54*/?— 1% 
7 
98 
36 
3SH 
35’ ? - 
*? 
8 
7 
27 
26"? 
27 
+ v? 
8 
396 
8% 
SU 
8 ",— 
' a 
8 
347 
27% 
27'a 
27% + 
% 
7 
95 
16’ s 
15*8 
1FA + 
% 
6 
76 
17 V, 
16"? 
16%— 
% 
7 
*4 
18% 
17% 
18 
+ 
*8 
8 
558 
17% 
17% 
17%— 
Va 
U 
5o% 
SO 
5o — 
V? 
4 
54% 
54% 
54% + 
Vt 
144 
12"? n u 
12% 
4 
63 
62", 
63 
+ 
% 
75 
26*4 
25% 
26% + 
*A 
712148 
19", 
18’A 
1 8 % - 
VA 
ZlOO 
48% 
48"? 
48’ ?— I 
6715 1613 1613 I B - 
% 
IO 
537 
33% 
31% 
33*8- 
1*8 
5 
6 
21U 
2o% 
2 o % - 
% 
17 18o2 
39*8 
38% 
3 9 ",+ 
"a 
9o 
56% 
55% 
5 5 % - 
Vt 
12x628 
27 
26% 
27 
+ 
% 
28 
26 
16’ ? 
16", 
16%— 
% 
Z 37o 
6o"? 
6o 
6o 
— 
% 
Z39o 
51% 
5o 
5o% + u i i 
1o66 
24% 
23’A 
23",— 
% 
6 39o8 
27", 
26"? 
26% + 
Vs 
4 
39 ? 
39% 
39% . 
3 
175 
7% 
7 
7%— 
VA 
7 
94 
27 % 
26% 
26%— 
’ ? 
8 
3oo 
5 ’ ? 
5 
5 
- 
% 
8 
373 
13", 
12% 
12%— 
% 
8 
45 
7% 
7% 
7% + u 
9 1o61 
23% 
22% 
23%— 
% 
9 
161 
8 
7% 
8 
+ 
VA 
12 
25o 
41% 
4o’ , 
41 
— 
% 
14 
599 
5"a 
4% 
4%— 
% 
5 
6o 
15% 
14% 
15 - 
"8 
9 
656 
28% 
28 
28’ ? + 
VA 
ZS4o 1o6 
1o5*8 1o6 
— 
% zlO 
94% 
94% 
94’ ?— 
% 
8 
118 
2o% 
19% 
2o 
— 
*4 
6 
28% 
28% 
2 8 * * - 
Va 
9 
175 
2o% 
2oU 
2o*?+ u 
9 
1o7 
2o 
19% 
19% r 
*8 
8 
2o6 
32% 
31 
31% + 
*8 
5 
81 
12% 
12 
12%— 
% 
I 
41 
4U 
4% 
4 **.. 
6 
14o 
11% l l l l 
+ 
'% 
5 
123 
V a 
6 *, 
6H— 
*8 
12 
13o 
22% 
21% 
21%— 
% 
7 IMS 
26% 
25"? 
2 5 % - 
VA 
16 
3/% 
37 
37*4 + 
U 
25 
73 
S’? 
5% 
5% + 
% 
IO 
81 
81% 
SO 
SOH— 
% 
6 
81 
9% 
9*4 
9’A— 
% 
IO 
14o 
1o% 
1o% 
1o%— 
H 
22o 
1*8 
1"? 
1% . 
IO 3165 
48% 
46% 
46’ , — 2 
7 
465 
19% 
18% 
19%+ 
*a . 

High la w 
••%*» . H-gh le w la st Cha 
W A rn 
H IT A 
W H 
9% 
I F * — 
% 
I h 
M ’ 1 
1% l l f v r t a v 
Even Ar tot i r 
I i 
J # 
2% 
13% 
2% 
IJ H 
M 
. t h * 
13% 
F A 
E lk m d 
3 r n 
U U 
I U 
A H — 
% 
|% 
4U fx e c w tn jn 
H 
8 
4% 
AU 
AH— 
’ A 
J*A 
J U r o t tn t 
OH IO 
79 f*9 
M i 
2% . . 
6% 
JU 
T P A Corp 
4 
I"? 
5% s h ­ 
U 
6% 
4% F a B t n i a e 
I t a i 
A U 
AH a h * v* 
S' a 
7% Fabian 
OS) 
% 
3 
WA 
2% 
V t .. 
3% 
I H 
Faint Nob 
I 
JU 
2% 
J U . . 
4 
Pm Patrm C 
1sa u 
17 
2% 
2% 
P a— 
% 
45% 
34% Falcons 
I 1o 
229 
44 iF ? 
4 h - 
’A 
«% 
$% F» + O d ' 
2o 
A 
4o 
A 
SU 
A 
. . . 
Wa 
2 
F am t Re 
I5e 
4 
7 
2% 
Wa 
J U .. n u 
A U F annyF 
5oe 
4 
5 
W t 
MOU 
IF ? .. 
IU 
I 
F a sh F a b 
57 
1% 
I 
1% + 
% 
IOU 
8% FayO rg 
M3 
IO n 
9% 
9 
9 — 
% 
H H 
11% Fed M a rt 4o 
4 
13* 9 
13% 
A f - 
% 
15% 
U ’ k FedR’ ty I 24 12 
17 
H U 
I I H 
IS H — 
% 
6% 
4% FndRes 
19o7 
A’ J 
5% 
A '? * 
H 
2*% 
16 4 Feim nt 
2o» 18 
U 
W H 
IT H 
1A%* 
% 
1o% 
7% Feisw ay 
36 
5 l l 
AU 
9 ", 
AU , . 
V t 
% F fcrebrd w t n 
IVA 
1% 
1% ,» 
3 
JU 
Fide* co 
27 
2"? 
2*, 
J% — 
% 
7 H 
1% F itm C p A 
16 
1% 
1% 
1*>— 
% 
H H 
7*4 F ilm w y OS' 
8 
315 
AH 
8% 
9 
— 
% l l 
SU FinGen 
4o 
6 
73 
1o% 
1o% 
1 o H - 
% 
1o% 
8% Fm G nA 
4o 
4 to ? 
M U 
1o’* - 
U 
7% 
6"? FtConn 
SO i i 
9 
7*4 
7% 
2H— u 
1% 
% Fs’ H a rtfd 
13 
I 
H 
H — TIA 
S'-A 
3 , 
F stH rt p* 5o 
5 
4 
4 
4 
. . . l l ’ * 
9% Fst SLSh is 
12 
1o% 
IA U 
IOU . . 
2% 
1% Fstmrfc 
J 
2% 
2 
2 
... 
ISH n u 
F.SChrP sp 
6 
2o 
U H 
13% 
14’A— 
% 
17*4 n u 
F itch bG I 44 
8 
2 
IAU 
IAU 
16’ A— u 
1% 
1% 
F iw » a « 
12 
19 
IU 
IU 
I U . , . 
5*4 
3% 
& 
52 
4% 
4 
4 
15", 
11% F lig h ts* 
12 
M) 
89 
12% 
11% 
12%+ 
% 
5 
4U 
Ria Cap 
FiaR ck 
5 
8 
4% 
4’ , 
4% .. 
4% 
3’ a 
U 
21 
4 
3% 
3%— 
VA 
5% 
3% 
F low G en 
7 
IOO 
5% 
SH 
5'A— 
% 
2o% 
15 ? Flow ers 
6o 
7 
75 
2o% 
19% 
2o%+ 
1% 
17% 
U U 
Fluke J 
73t 
9 
23 
15*8 
14% 
U H — 
% 
24% 
2o% F lyO iaO 
7 
243 
22% 
21% 
22 
— 
% 
6*4 
5"? Faodrm 
4o 
5 
38 
6% 
6*8 
6% .. 
13% 
9*? Foodws 
2oa 
6 
14o 
12*? 
11% 
12% .. 
8’ ? 
7'A FoofeM 
25e 
9 
9 
7% 
TH 
TH .. 
31% 
3o 
Foo’ e pf 2 2o 
IO 
31 
X 
» 
- 
*9 
9o 
85 
Ford Can 
5a 
6 
Z2o 
86% 
86% 
86"?— 
*9 
9% 
7% Fpresto o5e 
8 
I 
7% 
7% 
7%... 
’A 
3% 
2*» ForeStLao 
7 
23 
3*4 
3% 
3% . . 
11% 
TU FoxStaP 
SO 
9 
85 
7% 
7U 
7*-?— 
V? 
4 
3’ a Fran kin Rf 
25 
4 
3% 
3% . . 
9% t 
Frank Nu 36 
5 
16 
8% 
8% 
8%— ’ n 
18*8 
15% Frantz 
8oa 
6 
I 
U H 
16% 
IF A + u 
22U 
16’ ? F 'e s n illo 4o SI 
A 
2o% 
2o*4 
2o%+ 
% 
5% 
4'8 
Friedm 
28o 
6 
31 
5% 
5 
5 — 
% 
2% 
1% F rle n d F r 
17 
5 
2% 
2% 
2 H ... 
9*8 
7% F riq tm p 55t 
5 
238 
8% 
7% 
8 
. . . 
8% 
6% Frischs 
3ob 
9 
15 
T a 
6% 
7 
— 
'A 
7*8 
6 
Front A ir .191 
4 
49 
A U 
6 
F a + 
Va 
3% 
2% F ront A ir wt 
TS 
2% 
2*? 
2% + 
% 

He* 
S o n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S N E W S — 
S o t u r d o y A p r il 9 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 
7 X L 

G 
H 
I 

42c 
8 
13 
4o 
6 

6o 

2% 
1% G IT Ind 
3% 
2% GR I CP 
1% 
I 
GSCEn 
2% 
1% G TI 
13% 
T2% G abriel 
5*4 
4% G alaxy 
11% 
9 
Garan 
3 
2 
G a rc ia 
4’ s 
3% G arland 
11% 
8% Ga’ esL n e t 
5% 
3% G aylord 
15e 
I *811 16 G ayrtor 
2% 
1*4 G nE m p 
I9r 
15% 
5% Gen E xp 
2% 
1*« G nH ous l ’ ?13 16 G n R e cre 
3*A 
2 
Genge 
I ’ A Gen; sco 
5 
G enovO r 
1% Geor, ind 
4% G e rb e r 
16% G ia n tFd la 
6% G ia n 'Y e l 
3% G ia s ro c k 
33% G la tfitr I 8o 
4% G’enGer 
11% Gi en Cts 
15% Globe in 
7o 
9*8 GJosser 
32 
11% GtoucstE 
2'» G lover 
IO? 
3% GI dbl att 
28 
IO 
Go'On Cyc 
9*b Go I d r / / 
.45 
% G o ld fie ld 
1% GOOdLS o7r 
6% G oodrich wt 
4’ s G orin St 
We 
19‘ 2 Got rn R 
9oa 
3% G ould!T 24e 
5*4 G randAu 3o 
7*8 G m dC tl 
3o 
5% G tA m ln d 
5% G tBasinP 
31% G tLkC h 
.28 
3% Green mn 
5*4 G ree rH y .12 
6 
G R E IT 
.4o 
13% Gross Tic 
8’ ? GuardC 
4*8 G uilford 
24*4 GlfOCan 
9% G itR e p F n 

1% 
6% 
2*4 
9 
18% 
8*8 
5*4 
38 
6% 
17 
19% 
17*4 
14% 
3% 
«H 
13*8 
13 
V? 
2% 
8% 
4% 
23% 
5% 
8’ ? 
8% 
6% 
7*4 
37% 
4% 
6 
7*8 
15% 
1o% 
5% 
28% 
1o% 
6'A 
2 
14*4 
7*4 
6*4 
13% 
1o*4 
5*4 
21 
5% 
13% 

6 
93 
18 
43 
39 l l 
28 
38 
I 
3o 
5 
IO 
3 
26 UTO 
3 
121 
SO 
7 
232 
9 
17 
6 
8 
.. l l 
8 
48 
13 
18o 
19 
27 
17 
35 
39 
7 
I 
24 
8 
19 

16 IOO 
44t 
7 
6 
5 
4 

1% 
2% 
1% 
1*4 
12% 
4 *8 
9*4 
2’A 
3*8 
8% 
4 
1*A 
1% 
13% 
2% 

6x157 
6o5 
I 
495 
I 
13 

4 
5 
IO 
I 
8 
5o 
8 
2o 
4 
I OS 7 
4 

39 3o22 
14 
133 

.3o IO 

2o 

5% G u lfs trm 
*4 HatcoPd 
7 
12% HattsAAot Ti 
5 
3% Ham pD 
15e 13 
4% H a m p tn 
3 
11% H annfrd 
72 
5 
1o% HanvrSh 
6o 
5 
4 
H anS qR t 
18*s M arland 
6o IO 
4 
H artfdZd 
11% H artzM 
1 *»1116 H a rv e y 
9% 
7% Hasbro 
IV ? 
8% H asting .4oa 
4% 
3*4 H a w a ii 
IOT 
3 
9% 
6*4 Health Ch 
IO 
7% 
6% H ealthM 
3o 
5 
2*4 
1*4 H einick ,1oe 
8 
2 
1% He t tm M fg 
J 
2% H iG lnc 
39 
6*4 
6 
M ish e a r 
5% 
4% H ig h la n d 
8 
5% H ilfnavn 
32 
5 
7% 
5% H ip trn ic 
2o IS 
3% 
2*4 H o lm a n 
5 
7 
4% H o lly Cp 
8 
3o 
26% HomeOA .75 
8 
28’ A 
23 
H orm ei 1.12 
6 
7*4 
4% H o rn Ha r 
8% 
6% HospM 
6oe 28 
13% 
12% Hotel In I 37e 12 
5% 
4% Ho us Roo 3o 
5 
5% 
4% HouseVi 
.32 12 
9*8 
7% H o sM ln n 
19 
6o e 
39"4 H ouO ilM AC 19 5527 
19 "4 
14*8 Ho wet C 
.4o 9 
24 
5 
3% H ow ell l5e 3 
36% 
33% Hubei IA I SO IO 
36% 
33% Hubei IB 1.5o IO 
4% 
4 
H uckM fg .2o 8 
6 
4% 
HudsnGn 
37* 4 
31% Mud BO .1.52 
8 
13% 
IV ? H uffm an 
SO 
4 
4 
3% H untH lt 
I5e 5 
25*8 
18% HuskvO 
8o 8 2497 
4% 
3% 
H y c e lln c 
16 
59 
4% 
3’ j ICHCp 
M f 5 
IO 
6% 
4% 
IC M R 
45 
7 'b 
6*8 
IM C M g 
3*4 
2 ISCFinl 
I 
9 16 I T ICP 
6% 
5% im p Ch :3De 
6 
1% 
1% Im p G rp o7e . 
3 
2 Im perlnd- 
23% 
2o% Im p O ilA 
86 IO 
2*8 
1% (narco 
14'e 
12% In c o trm 
5o 
47 in P L pf 

2o 

13 

465 
17 
15 
ZITO 

1% 
2*4 
VA 
2 
12% 
4% 
1o% 
2% 
3% 
9*8 
4% 
VA 
1% 
15% 
2 "* 
I 
2*? 
V a 
5% 
1% 
8% 
16% 
7% 
5 
37% 
5*4 
15 
19 
9*4 
11% 
3 
3% 
11% 
12% 
1*4 
1% 
7*4 
4*4 
2o% 
5*4 
6*4 
7% 
6 
7*4 
36*4 
3% 
5*4 
6% 
15% 
9% 
5% 
28% 
9% 
5*4 
2 
13% 
7*4 
5*8 
12% 
1o% 
4*4 
19% 
4 ’ ? 
11% 
6513 1611 16 
52 
8*4 
8% 
9% 
4 
7% 
7* A 
2 
1% 
3% 
6 "a 
5% 
6% 
6 
2% 
5 
28*4 
24% 
4% 
8% 
12’? 
4% 
4% 
7*? 
47% 
14% 
4’A 
35% 
35% 
4 ’ ? 
6 
32% 
12% 
3% 
24% 
4 
IO 
3% i 
5% 
4 
6% 
>9 
2% 
5o 
% 9 16 
5 
6 
6 
315 16 
6 
2*8 
21% 
2 
13% 
49 

1% .. 
2% + 
V A ... 
2 
. . . 
1 2 % - 

1o 
+ 
2*8 + 
3*8— 
9 
. . . 
4 
— 
VA— 
Va — 
U % + 
2 *4 ... 
13 1613 1 6 - 
2% 
2"?+ 

29 
2 
57 
5 
IO 
127 
35 
15 
28 
329 
45 
61 
7 
26 
19 
17 
697 
85 
72 

3o 
15 
36 
19 
24 
98 
23 
IO 
5 
16 
31 
I 
149 
8 
37 
23 
7 
34 
16 
24 
21 

IO 
9 
14 
6 
2o 
12 
52 
5 

1% 
5 
1% 
7% 
16% 
6% 
4% 
37% 
5 
14% 
17% 
9% 
11% 
2% 
3% 
11% 
12*8 
I 
1% 
7*4 
4% 
2o 
5"? 
5% 
7% 
5'A 
6% 
33% 
3% 
5% 
6% 
15% 
9*4 
4% 
26% 
9 ’A 
5*4 
I"? 
13*4 
7 
5 
12’ s 
1o*4 
4 
18% 
4% 
11% 

8'A 
3% 
7*4 
7*4 
1% 
1% 
3% 
6 
5% 
6% 
5% 
2% 
4% 
27% 
24 
4 % 
8*8 
12*4 
4*,? 
4"? 
7*4 
39*4 
14% 
4*8 
35% 
35% 
4% 
5%. 
32* 'a 
11% 
3% 
23 
3% 
3% 
4% 
6% 
2 

1*4. 
5 
— 

8% + 
16% + 
7 * 4 - 
4%— 
37 % ... 
5 
- 
14%— 
18 
— 
9% 
11% 
2'S— 
3%— 
11% + 
12% + 
1% + 
1% .. 
7 % + 
4*4.. - 
2o% + 
5% + 
6’ s— 
7>»... 
5%. . . 
7 
+ 
35"?— 
3’»— 
5*4 + 
6*8 + 
15*4 + 
9 1 * . . 
5 
+ 
2 6 % - ’ 
9*8— 
5*A— 
1%— 
13%+ 
7 
+ 
5 
— 
12%+ 
1o*4— 
4% — 
19 
— 
4% + 
11%— 
% .... 
8*?— 
8'A— 
3’A— 
7’ ?— 
7 % - 
1’A ... 
I*'?.. . 
3%+ 
6 
— 
5*8— 
6 *4 ... 
6 
. . . 
2% . . 
4'A— 
28’4 + 
24 
- 

12*4 
4*: 

39%— 

4 % ... 
35"?— 
35*8— 
4 % ... 
6 
+ 
32% + 
12 
- 
3 % ... 
23% + 
3% — 

5% + 
6% + 
2 
- 
% + 
6 
.. 
1*415 16 
2% 
2% 
2o% 
1% 
13% 
48 

2 o % - 
2 
13% + 
48 
- 2 
1% l'A in ftig h tS v 
72 
IU 
IV, 
I U . . 
2 8 
1% in d e x ll 
1% 
1% 
1% .. 
7% 
4% instron 
2o 
12o 
Tm 
6% 
7 
+ 
*4 
1*81116 In s tr Sys 
1566 
%11 1 6 1 1 1 6 - 
VA 
U H 
7% insSy pf.2$e 
In teg Res 
2o3 
7% 
7*. 
TH— 
% 
2 
1% 
9 
34 
1% 
1% 
1% 
14< ? 
1o% tnt I Alum so 
7 
63 
U 
13% n u — '% 
4% 
2% 
In tB n k n t 
15 
831 
3*4 
3 
3*a — 
U 
13% 
11% In ICO or 
28 
9 
19 
12% 
12% 
12%.. 
1% 
1*4 Int Fd Svc 
1o8 
I"? 
1*8 
1*9. . 
3% 
2U in tF u n rl 
o5e 
6 
62 
2% 
2U 
2% . 
15% 
12*4 tntG entn 9o 
5 
25 
14% 
14*8 
14*8 
7"? 
4*4 IntP rotn 
5 
95 
6% 
6 
6*4— 
H 
1o% 
6% IntSeaw 
6o 
4 
2o5 
1o% 
9% io u + 
1% 
2 
IU 
In tS trtc h 
22 
I ’ ? 
IU 
I H — 
VA 
29% 
17% IntSyCon .25 
9 
327 
28 U 
24% 
25 
- 
3 
1% 
% 
In te r phot 
1715 16 
%15 16 + 
VA 
17% 
14% In te rp o o ! 
7 
37 
15% 
15% 
IS H — 
'? 
18% 
12% in tr way 
V5e 
6 
367 
16 
15% 
1 5 % - 
U 
2% 
1% Invest Fla 
7 
1% 
1% 
1%. 
19"? 
17% InvD vA 
2oe 
5 
125 
18% 
18*4 
18%+ u 
4% 
4 ", 
InvD vB o5e 
5 
171 
4% 
4% 
4% + u 
7H 
4% In vR tT r 
85 
7 
6% 
6% + 
'A 
21U 
14% 
Io n ics 
15 
64 
19% 
19 
19% + 
*9 
SU 
6% Iroq B rd 
2o 
6 
18 
7% 
TU 
7U. 
16 
U U 
(re q Bred pf 
28 
15% 
15% 
15% + 
‘ va 
6% 
5*4 Irv in Ind 
.1o 
4 x42 
5% 
SH 
5% + 
*4 
7% 
6*« IsraelO 
75e 
2 
7% 
7% 
7%— 
'A 
J-k -l 
7% 
14% 
11*8 
12*8 
3% 
8% 
4*4 
7 
5% 
18% 
5 
54 
5% 
7% 
9*4 
8 
43% 
3 
9*« 
2’ ? 
1% 
2*4 
8% 
37% 
6% 
4*8 
7% 
17% 
IS 
7*8 
3% 

4o 
5 
6 
4 
6 
5 
36 13 
12 

6’ ? Jaclyn 
1o*4 Jacobs 
8% Jam sw y QSr 
1o*8 Jeannet .4o 
2*4 je tro n ic 
6% JohnPd 
3 
JuniperP 
4% Jupiter 
4 
5 
K Tel In 
45e 
5 
14% K a lsrln d 
26 
9; 
3*8 K aneM ill w t .. 
5o 
KnGE pf4.5o 
4*4 KapokT 
1or 
7 
4*4 KayCp 
2o 13 
6*4 Kenwm .34a 
5 
5'? Ketchm 
!or 
6 
3o% Kewanee 
72 l l 
1% Key Co 
6% Keystlnd 
1*8 Kidde wt 
IV? K inA rk 
I"? KingOpt 
7 
KingRd 
2o% K irb y Ex 
3% K it Mfg 
3*4 KleerVu 
6 
Klei nerts 
13’ ? KnickToy 
15 ? K o llm r 
36 
6*s K ^ in S tr 
IO 
2% LSBInd 
1or l l 16 3 16 L T V C o rp w t 
3’ s 
2*8 La Barge 
o6 13 

3o 
4 

2oe 

16 
A*, 
6 *, 
A H ... 
157 
11% 
1o% l l 
— 
% 
45 
1o% 
1o% n u ­ 
% 
22 
11% l l ll 
— 
% 
42 
3% 
3 
3% + 
% 
72 
6% 
AU 
6*8. 
67 
3% 
3% 
3*8— 
U 
3 
5% 
5% 
5%— 
*4 
I 
5% 
SH 
5% + 
>4 
22253 
17% 
16 
16%— 
% 
66 
3% 
3% 
3% + 
'A z5o 
S3 
53 
53 
— 
% 
IO 
4% 
4% 
4% + 
'A 
43 
7% 
7 
7 
— 
*4 
18 
8% 
8'4 
8 U - 
% 
45 
7 
6% 
7 — 
'A 
533 
41% 
39% 
4o% + 
*4 
12 
2 
2 
2 
+ 
'A 
8 
7*8 
7*8 
7 H ... 
4 
I"? 
V? 
1% + 
'% 
1o5 
1% 
1% 
1% .. 
5 
1% 
1% 
1%. . . 
16 
7% 
7% 
7*8— 
% 
214 
JAH 
24% 
26 
+ 
% 
39 
5% 
4% 
4'?— 
% 
7 
3% 
3*4 
3U + 
H 
3 
6% 
6*8 
F ? .. 
226 
15U 
U H 
1 4 % - 
U 
87 
17% 
16% 
17 
— 
*8 
33 
6% 
6% 
AH— 
% 
21 
3% 
3% 
3% + u 

4 ’ 
5% 
1o*8 
9*4 
2% 
I ’A 
4% 
2% 
1o*8 
11% 
28 a 
4% 
6 a 
14% 
2*8 
7% 
7% 
9*8 
7% 
7 
4 
9 
7% 
19% 
11% 
15% 
3'? 
23% 
28% 
5"? 
4 
1% 

7 
7 
.6o l l 
$ 

6o 

3% La M aur 
2o 
4% LaP oint 
2oe 
8% LaO uinta 
6' ? LafyR ad 
26 
2 
Lake S hor 
1*4 L n d m rk 
3% Laneco 
12 
2 
L a T o u rB 
8% Lea Ron 
4oa 
9% LeathCo 
SO 
23% LeeEnfr 
3% LeePhar 
5*» Lehigh Pr ll" ? L c g h P d 
1% L e is u re T 
6' ? L e v itt In 
24 
5*4 Lew isB P .3o 
6"? L ib tvF a o 
6' # Lig h to ir 
16 
5% L ifliA m i 
22 
3*o L in c ln A m 
16 
5% L to y d s E l 
5 
2% Lodges 
OB? 
6 
16% Lohm n 
8oa 
6 
7’ 8 LoewThe w t 
. 
7*4 L o g ico n 
IO 
2% Logistic 
o6e 
6 
18*8 LaGenSv 82 
6 
27 
LouisCe I 32 
7 
3*4 LurtdyE i 
16 
2% L y n c h e s 
3 
V s L yn n w e a r 

3o7 
47 
IO 
2 
72 
433 

2% 
4*4 
4*8 
9% 
7% 

3 16 3 16 
2% 
2H — 
4*8 
4 'i 
9'A 
6"? 
8227 1623 16 
9o 
1% 
1*8 
6 
4% 
4% 
37 
2 ', 
2 ", 
39 
9% 
9U 
21 
11% 
1o% l l 
23% 
23% 
6 
3% 
3% 
5 
5*4 
5% 
5 
11% 
11% 
34 
2% 
2 
2 
6% 
6% 
6 
7% 
7% 
65 
7U 
6% 
7 
6% 
6*8 
5 
6% 
6% 
IS 
3% 
3% 
33 
6*8 
5% 
44 
2% 
2% 
36 
18 
16% 
524 
8 
7% 
1o8 
15U 
H U 

41 
4*4— 
9'/?— 
6’ ?— 
2*4— 
1% + 

IVA 

2% 
9% + 
IV A — 
23'A— 
3 % - 
5%— 
11%— 
2 
- 
6%— 

17 
3o 
IO 
33 
27 
2 

3% 
21% 
27% 
5 ? 
3% 
1% 

3'a 
2o% 
27% 
4% 
3 
1% 

6% + 
4 % ... 
3% .. 
5%— 
2'? + 
17*4— 
7*8— 
U % — 
V A ... 
21*8 + 
27* A + 
5% + 
3% + 
1 *4 ... 

2 
9 
7% 
I 

1% MOC Corp 
4 
M PO 
7% MW A 
AO l l 16 M a cro d 

M-N-O 

13 
16*8 
15 
U % 
8% 
28 
16 

— Y-Z— 
IO 's Yates 
7 259 
12*4 
14% ZaleCp 
88 6 
2o8 15% 
13 
ZalepfA 
8o 
3 13 
IO 
Z ap ata 
3ob 3x411 
1o% 
7 
ZayreC p 
4 211 
8 
23 
Zenith R 
I 
12 1o29 
24% 
13 
7« rn ln d 
48 9 
257 14*4 

W E E K L Y NY STOCK SALES 
Total for w e e k .................. ................................. 
Week ago ........................ .................................... 
Year ago 
............................................................ 
Two years a g o ........................................................ 
Jan I to d a le .................... .................................... 
1976 to date .................. 
11975 to date 
1%o6 

15% MePbS I 4o 
5*4 
4*4 M am oth 
3o 
4% 
3% Mn good 
5% 
4% M anhLfe 
28 
6% 
4% MansfT 
o2r 
1%)3 16 M a rin d q 
18*» 
15% M ark Cfi 
28 
6*s M arlene 
4% M arsh Fd 
6*8 AAarsh In 
18% M a rt P r 
SO 
8% MdSind 
Ala 
35 
M asneiln 
6o ■ 
3*» M a s te rs 
5 
8' ? M aterR e 
28 
8 
4% M aul Br 
.lib 
5 16 M c C ro ry w t 
2% Mc Co IO 
535 
16 
AACIntsh 
84 7 
97 
3*8 M c Keon 
SS 
12’ ? MeansF I o8 3 
28 

3o8 
18 
2o4 
14 
I 
6 x 13 

1% 
7% 
7"? 
% 
16% 
4% 
4 
5% 
6’ a 
I 
16 
7% 
4% 
6% 
24% 
9% 
36% 
4% 
9/4 
4% 

1% 
7*8 
TXA 
% 
16% 
4% 
3% 
5% 
5% 
13 16 
15% 
7% 
4% 
6% 
22% 
9'.A 
35 
4% 
9% 
4% 
« j 
4 j 
4 7 16 7 16 
3 
2% 
18% 
17% 
4 
3% 
12*4 
12% 

1% 
. 
7 % - r » — 
% ♦ 1 
16’ ? + 
4% + 
3%4. 
5% 
. 
5% 
, 
% —3 
15%+ 
TM— 
4% + 
6% .. 
24% + 
9% — 
36*8+ 
4’ A — 
9*4— 
4% + 
7 16— 1 
3 
........ 
1 7 % - I a v — 
.12% — 

2% 
4 % 
12% 
8% 
5% 
17% 
7% w 
16% 
1 
43 
49% 
1o% 
7 't 
5% 
52 
53 ? 
12% 
6 
6% 
5 
17% 
11% 
2 
5 
8% 
3% 
24% 
6*8 
6% 
% 
2% 
12% 
12% 
4% 
4 * 8 
5% 
13% 
4 % 
1% 
7% 
1% 
31% 
17% 
1% 
36? 
1o% 
17% 
18% 
2V? 
7’ ? 
1% 
15% 
4% 
3% 
6*8 
3% 
7 16 
16% 
8 ? 
56% 
3% 
12% 
13% 
4% 
11% 
IV 
7*8 
45% 
8% 
1o*8 
22% 
39 
I"? 
7% 
2% 
16% 
8% 
12% 
2% 
4 % 

18% 
17 % 
16 
15% 
15% 
14% 
JOVA 
31 
13% 
29 
25% 
25 
24*4 
27 
25* i 
27% 
18% 
21 
52% 
52% 
54% 
57% 
92 
19% 
6 3 ? 
35 
1% 
5% 
6 
5% 
12 
V a 
24"? 
3% 
5% 
9*8 
14’ ? 
6"? 
1o% 
1% 
1o% 
33% 
5*8 
14*8 
5'a 
I *8 
24*4 
17% 
8*4 
8% 
18*8 
7% 
3% 

7**1 M eg a iY 
44 
I* » WWeirvGe 
F A Madr e Jw 
Maaewcfi 
2o 

Mod-«Gn 4o 
Vego in t 
TO 
M fM C o 
I 

I 
MetroGc* 
3% M ich O e n 
4 
K 
W H M ic h Sag 
I 
7 
5‘ 2 M ic k lb r y 
16 
4 
4% M ididCo 
,W 
8 
W H M id* OH 
28 
5 
6% M ile r H 
IO 
19% AAiiterWO *o 
9 
3 
12% M IIR oy 
SS 
7 
1% M ija n iT 
31% TAO Pf CR 146 
8 
35* ? M ifCHIE ,12 
9 
- 
7% M -tecp ae 
6 
5% V o d V a d tar 
4 
4% M o n M q t 
4o 
5 
5o 
M o n P p f4 4o 
J 
51 
M onP pf 4 SO . z 
W% Moog 
.6o 
7 
5% M tgG m 
4de 31 
4% M ortons 
32 
4 
3% AAottSM .o8 
7 
U % V tv M il I lo 25 
7% M ovStar 
44 
6 
VA Mov te< ab 
8 
4*4 AAultiAm 
2o 
8 
7% Na DCC lOe 
J 
3 
N ardaM 
.2o 42 
19 
N a' CSS .2o 
7 
5% Mo>Sir 
16 
4 
6% NatW ifhE «n 
6 
" i N a t Ind w t 
1% N K im e v 
7*? N* Pa rag 
4o 
4 
8% N ’ P a te n t 
25 
61 
3% NtS >ver 
15e 
4 
2% N'Spirm g 
146 
3% N a 'Syst .We 
7 
IO 
NatwHo 
36 
6 
3% Ne.sner 
1% N elly Don 
V 
Nelson LB 
IS 
I* ? N e s tL M 
27% N E N uclr 
5o l l 
12% NH am p 4Ca l l 
I 
N ldrva 
o4e 
S 
24% N M ax A r 
91 

7% 

A 

 i t 

1% 

Htgh Lew 
T * 
»% SikiACO 
9*A 
6% She mr 
3% 
2% lim a * * l l t h 5»m*.os 
J% 
1% S - t < t i 
2 
1% 
2% 
1% Sotitren 
1o% 
1% Sender Br 
37 
J ) 
4*8 Sort* Paper 
15% 
11% SoundV 
4o 
13% 
12 se e d p fl o2 
13% 
ITH SCCO o ft o8 
13*4 l f * SCEd p fl Od 
15% is ? s c e o p fi n n 
3o% SC Ed P fl AB 
>9*4 
%% s e e d p f! 45 i7*« 
16 see? p fi jo 
38 4 
26 4 s e e d o f2 3o 
77"? 
75% s e e d of 2 n 
*$ rn ' 2 s e e d pf? ss u h too s e e d p f* to 
37 
1o1 s e e d p f* 96 
72 
V9 
SwSt A*rl .JI 
5% 
4*4 Swt GF in 
2o 
11% 
9% Spartdfc 
4o 
6 
5% S p ecttyR 
8% 
6' .• Specter 
We 
5 
3% Scectno 
12f 
2% 
1% SpedOP .U t t% U 16 Spetzm n 

 iK d* I H*gk la w 

Spt en tex 
T la lP iR 
4% S’ a ffrd L 
15% StdAitn 
14 
S'CC hose 
3 
Ste mw" 
9% S'dAAot A 
8*« Ste Pac Cp 
TOH S’ dP rod I 4o 

I 
9o sot 

% 9 16 S td P ru d w t 
4or .. 
12 W 
76 
4 

36 
6 
24b 
5 
.6o 
7 l l 
» 7 
5 
8 
24 

NProc 
63e 
3 x81 
15% N Y Ttm es 
6o 9 
9 
NewoEn 
4o 
5 
167 
18 
Newcor lb 
8 
5 
4% N e w p rk 
6 
1o2 
1% Nexus 
U t 
6 
4 
13 3 N 'agFSv 
56 
4 
IO 
4 
Nichols 
271 
3 
14 
2% Noel m e 
5 
5 
3% N d e x 
35 
23 
7% N o rte* 
.o4 12 
34 
% No Am M I w t 
3o 
12% Nor Am R .IO 
8 x8o 
7% Nor Cdn O 
6 
59o 
52 
N IPS pf 4 25 
TWO 
2% Novo CP 
39 
4 
N uclD ta 
18 
U3 
1o 
NumacO 
2o 
187 
3% OE Aine 
2o 
7 
13 
9 
O akm an ovr s 
1 2 
15' 3 Offshore 
4 
2o 
5% Ohio A rt 
24a 
6 x3 
37% OhioB 
2 5 
59 
7*4 Oh Sealy 
48 
8 
66 
7% O'I a m e 
4Ce 
5 
13 
17% OnL.neS 
12 
85 
33 
OOk.ep 
12Z11oo 
1% O rtgin aia 
14 
6 
Or tole Ho 
19 
2o 
1% O r rn and 
7 
124 
12% OSulivn 
6o 
5 
44 
6*s O uter Sp 1oe 
5 
66 
1o*4 O vert!D r 
5o 
7 
1o9 
1% O xfocdF t 
I 
14 
3% O zark A 
We 
3 
92 

1% P F ln d 
. 
76 
1% 
% PN BM R w t .. 
3 
% 
3 16 P S A Inc w t 
.. 
12 
% 
16% PG Epf A I 5o .. 
18 
17% 
15*b P G E pfB I 37 .. 
8 
16% 
14% PG EpfC 1.25 .. 
I 15 
14% PG E pfO I 25 
21 14% 
14% PG Epf E 1.25 
37 14% 
13% PG EpfG 1.2o . 
6 14*4 
27% P G EpfT 2 54 . 
474 
29% 
28% PG EpfS 2 62 .. 
72 
3o% 
12*8 P G E pfH 1.12 .. 
24 13"? 
26% PG EpfR 
2.37 .. 
44 28% 
23% P G E pfP 2 o5 .. 
5 24"? 
23 
PG EpfO 
2 .. 
5 24% 
22 
P G E pfM 1.96 .. 
22 23% 
25 
P G E pfL 2 25 .. 
4 27 
23 
P G E pfK 
2.o4 .. 
24 24% 
25** P G E pf J 2.32 . 
4 27 l l ’ a PHo’dg 
16 IO 
262 W A 
15% PHotd p f! 2o . 
2 21 
48% PacLt pf4 36 
48 
P a cLt pf4 4o 
5o % P acLt pf 4 5o 
52% P acLt pf4 75 
84% PacLt pf7 64 
18% PNwTei 1.32 
57 
P acP Lpf 
5 
29'? P allC orp 
4o 
% P a lo m rF 
I 
3** PandelB 
4*8 Pantast 
3o 
4’ ? ParaP k 
.2o 
1o% P ark Ch 
48a 
2% P a rkE I 
.We 
21% Parsons 
8o 
2% PatFash 
4 
Patagor 
6' 2 PatoC 
I 2oe 
13% PebblB 
6o 
5% Peer Ty 
2oa 
6 ? Pern cor 
2o 
1% PennD’x w t 
9% PenEM 
6oa 
27*, PenTr 
1 4o 
3% PECp 
4ot 
12% PenRlE I 15 
3% PenooS 
2oe 
I 
P e n tro n 
19% Pep Boys lb 
14"? Pep Com 
6o 
7'a Per ini 
,3oa 
4x126 
6*8 Pertec 
8 
266 
14% P e tro L e l l 
139 
6% P h iiL D 
63e 
3 
16 
2"? P h oenix 

25 
6o 
4Se 
2ob 
28 
4o 
We 
1 » 
U 

 i 3 16 3 16- 
12% 
13’ , ' 

2 4 ', ShSShrs 
7"* S* an ae 
11% 5% 'Sup 
1 
Stardust 
14% S'arr? Md 
7% Steel m* 
15% st eon C h 
1% S te riE ! 
2% Stees E xt 
3% S'evcoknit 
7% S tru tW 
» 
4*8 SueArv! 
% S u m m it 
3% Sun C ity I 
16% SunEiec 
8"* Suna<r 
12% Sundane 
I 
7% 
6% S unshjr f 17"? 
16 
SupFdS i 
4% 
3% Supercr 
' 
8% 
5% Suptndl 
1 j 
8 
5 
SupSurg 
'I 
5*4 
2’ A SuSQueh 
! 12*8 
1o% Susqhn pf 75k 
, 
% 7 16 S u trM tg w t 
7% 
5% SynaRjy .3ob 
' 
24% 17% Syntex 
5o 
I 
16% 13% Sysco CP 
.4o 
7% 
5% SystEng 
»' 
1% 
1% T F I 
* L 4*8 
3*4 Tai ley rn wt j 
15 
13*4 T a n d y Br 
'! 
2o% 18% Tasty 
I 2oa 
" l% 1 l 16 T echS ym 
' 
3% 
2’ ? TechOp 
'I 
3% 
2% TechTao 
1 
5% 
4 
T ech tri la 
» 
17% U% TetonR 
2oa 
»| 
8% 
7% TeleCm 
36 ie 
14% TH eftex 321 
7 16 
% T e ie xC o w t 
4% 
3 
Terne 
o8a 
8* j 
5% Tennero wt 
2 't 
1% Tenney En 
15% l l " , T e ra d yr 
13% 
1o% T e rra C 
8o 
7% 
6 
Tens ta r o7e 
17 J 
ISH Textron wt 
15 U U 16 T h o r CP 
4 "a 
2% T h o ro ! a r 
5’ A 
3 
ThreeD 
8% 
6'? T h riftim t 
2% 
2 
T d w e l I 
8% 
6% T iffa n y I 
.2o 
9% 
5% Tirnp fe 
77 
18"? Tokheim 8o 
96% vc 
To) Ed pie r 
88% 83* ? Tot Ed o*7 76 
W9 
1o6% T olE dp f 
W 
8% 
6 ", ToppsGu 
28 
14 
?2H TorinC p 8o 
8% 
5'a Total Pet 
% 213 16 1% Tot Pet w t 
13% Tote* pf 
TO 
2% T o w n C try 
2 
TransLux 
2% Tredw y 
Oar 
1o% T ri StM tr 8o 
5% T rico 
We 
% 311 16 1% T u b o sM 17e 

4 
A 
Jt i 
39 
I 
«2 
39 
■I 
97 
5 
» 
I I n z6oo 
26 
IS 
2o6 r n 
57 
7 
1 
245 
22 l l 
SI 
3o 
13 
J 

62 
46 
9 
91 
9 
2 
17 
123 
236 sa 
1 
34 
119 
4 
3 
32 
15 
85 
27 
I 
4o 
319 
16 
37 

I 
TH 
2% 
TH 
£ £ 
2% 
1% 
1% 
•% s 
11% l l 
12*? 
12’? 
12% 
23 
17% 

T . 
1% 
■JIA 
AH 
SU 
12U 
17% 
IJ H 
13*4 
U 
% 
W H 
17 
27% 
26% 
92"? 
W I"? WI 
1 o 5 1 o 5 ’ i 
23 
2o% 
4*9 
4% 
1o% 
W H 
6 
5% 
7% 
6% 
4’9 
4% 
2 
2 rn 

•a 

U mp Chg 
T H 
% 
7% - 
*! 
3*4— 
% 
'WA— 
H 
2 % + 
Vs n U 
‘ 
I Z 
S H * 
11 % - 
12%* 
12% - 
11*9 + 
14 
+ k 
. ” 
17 % - 

36% 
25% 
89% 

A 
27% + 
26%+ 
•9 U + 
IO T , . . 
1o5’4 + 
21%+ 

1o%— 
6 
+ 
7 
. . . 

2 — 
115 1615 1615 16— I 16 

146 
12 
64 
3 
3o 
21 
12 
57 
167 57o 
47 

3"? 
5’A 
6% 
5% 
16% 
14% 
4*9 
IO 
1o% 
24*4 
% 
26*4 
7% 
IV ? 
VA 
16 
7% 
21 
I U 
2% 
SU 
IV A 
4% 
I 
4 
21 VA 
8’ ? 
14% 
6% 
16*9 
3% 
7% 
6"? 
5*, 
12% 

3 
4% 
6U 
4% 
16", 
UVA 
4% 
9% 
9% 
23 
9 16 
25% 
7>? 
IV A 
I 
15’ ? 
7% 
19% l ’ A 
2% 
4% 
1o*4 
4"? 
H IS I 
3% 
2o 
SU 
13 
6% 
16 
3% 
6% 
6U 
4% 
12 

9* 
SVA........... 
6% 
. .. 
5 % + 
% 
16%+ 
Va 
14’A ........... 
4U— 
% w 
.......... 
IOU— 
'? 
24 
+ I 
% ------- 
3 6 U -........ 
TH— 
% 
11*9+ 
*A 
V A + 
Mi 
1 5 % - 
% 
TH— 
’A 
3o% * 
% 
IU + 
*A 
2% ------- 
5*4 + 
11*4 + 
4*9— 
I 
Va 
1-16 
’A 
% u 
% 

4 
19 
8 2322 

13 9 16 7 16 
A 
19% 
15 
5% 
1% 
3% 
IS 
2o 

5% r n ? 
U *9 
SU 
1*9 
3% 
14V? 
19% 

31%*- 
8 H - 
13H— 
6 H ... 
W A — 
V? 
3% ........ 
6'A - 
% 
6U— 
*9 
5 .... 
12 
— 
% 
*9.......... 
5%— 
% 
W *?+ 
*A 
IS 
+ 
% 
$*<4— 
% 
1%..... 
3 % ......... 
14%— 
% 
19%— 
% 

7 
38 
56 
14 
19 
2 
IO 
43 
735 
34 
87 
72 
1347 
8 
1o 
6 
88 
11 
8 
6 
7 
92 z3o z9o 

3213 1611 1613 16+ 1 16 
2% 
3 
4% 
14’ A 
7*9 
IS 
% 
3U 
5% 
2% 
12% 
11% 
7% 
17 
% 
3% 
5’A 
• ’ ? 
2% 
6% 
9% 
2 2 * 
9o% 
85 

2*9 
2% 
4% 
14*4 
7 U 
14% 
’A 
V a 
5% 
2 n u w % 
7 
16% 
% 
3% 
4% 
6U 
2 
6*9 
9 
2o% 
9o% 
83% 

JVI 
3 — 
% 
4% 
VA 
U U — u 
7*4— 
U 
U % — 
% 
’A .......... 
3*9— 
% 
% 
VA 

26o 1o8% 1o8 
163 
19 
2oo 
SU 
I 
26 
19 
SO 
13 
76 
38 

13% 
6% 
13’ ? 
6*4 

3% 
11%— 1 l l 
— u 
TH — 
U 
17 
+ 
*? 
%— I 16 
3%— 
% 
4% + 
U 
8 U + 
% 
2% + 
Va 
6% .......... 
9 % + 
% 
21%— I 
9o% + 
% 
85 — 
MW 
— 
7% 
13% 
I 
% 

ZlO 
Z65o 
723o 
Z5oo 
9 
25 z225 
13 
129 
125 
26 
3 
8 
6x1 2 
8 
3 
6 
5 
6 
6 
HO 
5 
96 
8 
3 
4 
117 
7 
25 
8 l l 
5 
51 
32 
7 
18 
1 
7 
5 
4 
97 
8 l l 
7 
16 
8 
24 
5 
36 
I 3 
17 

3U 

1 + 
% 

SU 
5% Tuftco 
4o 
6 
5 
26't 
22% T u rn rC 
144 
8 
51 
3% 
3 
T w in F a ir 
1o 
1o4 
15*8 
13% U B I 
I 2oa 
3 
14 
3% 
3% UIPC p 
2o 
1% UNACo 
5 
63 
2U 
31 
S 
4% 
3% URSCp 
.24 
8 
27 
6% 
4 
U V Ind wt 
83 
IO 
6% Urn'm a x 
33 
275 
SH 
4U 
U nim ex pf 
21 
9% 
8% UnGasA 
69 
8 
I 
6*8 
4*8 U nionInv 
18 
12 
IO ', 
8% U nA .rP d SA 
6 
12 
% 
*8 U n B ra n d w t 
ISS 
12% 
11% Un Cos F SOb 
7 
9 l'A 
I" * 
U nFoods 
, 
9 
2 
% U N a tC p 
27 
5 32 1-16 U N a tC p w t 
4% 
3 ", 
U P ie ce D 
27 
9% 
7% USBcpTr 
9 
15% 
12 
U S F iltr 
28 
9 
416 
9 
8 
Un RUT 
9Se 
U 
I X 
'? 
U 
U n R itT w t 
U 
5% 
3% 
U S N tR s 
5 
US 
3% 
3U 
USRdium 
17 
25 
15', 
13% USRbR la 
8 
4 
34 
X U 
Un *eh 
X 
12 
7 
11% 
8% U nity Buy 
5 
14 
3*4 
2% U nivC ig 
o5 
4 
18 
2U 
1% Univ Cont 
12 
23 
IT *, 
13*, U nivR s 
2oe 
12 
112 
IOU 
8 *, 
U nivR un ,52 
4 
22 
15% 
11% UnvSav 
48 
5 
26 

H U 
13% 
I i 
. . . 
2% 
2% 
2 H ...... 
2U 
2% 
2*8— 
3 
2% 
3 
+ 
% l l iou 
ICA— 
% 
6% 
6% 
6% + 
U 
2% 
2% 
2 % + 1-16 
7% 
7% 
TH ... 
26% 
25% 
26H + 
% 
3% 
3% 
3 H + 
H 
14% 
U U 
U ’<r— 
Va 
3% 
3H 
3* 9 .. .. 
2 
1% 
V A -.. 
4U 
4% 
4%— 
H 
5 
4% 
$ 
+ u 
IO 
9% 
IO 
. .. . 
5% 
5 s r u 
8% 
8% 
6U 
5% 
S H ­ 
*8 
9 
8% 
O U - u 
5 7 16 
% I 16+1 16 
I I H 
IV A 
I I H — u 
1% 
IU 
1H + 
VA 
1% 
1% 
I %— 
Va 
IO 11 6 I 16 I 1 6 ... 
3% 
3% 
3%— 
'u 
8% 
15*4 
8% 
’A 
5’A 
3*9 
U % 
31% 
9% 
2% 
I U 
U 
IO 
15*4 

FA 
14% 
8% 
U 
4% 
3*4 
U H 
3o% 
8% 
2*? 
1% 
13% 
9% 
15 

• % + 
14%— 
* 
8% + 
* 
*4........ 
4% ........ 
3%.... 
14%------- 
» % — I 
% 
JVA— 
% 
1% + 
H 
1 3 % - 
% 
9% .......... 
U H + 
*A 

 v - w 
- x 

3 32 1-32 P hoenix r f 
HT 
2% 
2 ", 
ICH 
6% 
32 
4oU 
22 
8% 
13*, 
5% 
2% 
14% 
3*4 
7% 
IV ? 
15 ' e 
6’ ? 
24 U 
2*4 
12% 
14% 
2% 
12*8 
1o*8 
2'» 
4'e 
5 ’ ? 
7"? 
3*4 
6’ 4 
6’ ? 
7'e 
1% 
2*4 
45"? 
SU 
1% 
2 
13 
4% 
9 'e 
2o% 
24 
13% 
IU 
6U 
35% 
3 
16% l l 
21 
2% 
3 
6% 
IO 
2 
19 
2% 
U 
27 
22 
23% 
1o% 
19% 
2 
3% 
5% 
8 
27% 
28% 
16% 
15*i 
4% 
17*8 
3U 
IS 
2% 
5 *8 
H 
6*4 
7% 
2*4 
8*4 
12’ ? 
2o 

8o 

8% PicN P av 
2o 
6 
1% Piedm nt l l 
I U P io n e e rs 
7% Pion Tex 
8o 
6 
6 a PitW V a 
56a IO 
23 
Pit OM I 2oa 
5 
35U P ittw a y I 2o IO 
18*8 PlaceOv 
8o 14 
6 
P lant ind 
IO 
P lantrn 
o8 
7 
4", PlyGem .5It 
6 
7 s P lym R A 
1o% P re y Sea 
2*8 Poi or on 
6*8 P o iy c h r 
7 
SU P raineO 
2 
12*8 P ra ttL m b 
I 
7 
5 2 P rattR d 
3o 
6 
21U Pr en Ha V U 12 
I ’ s PresR tB 
9 3 Presley l l 
12% Preston 
.7o 
9 
2 
P rim M t 
12t 
9 
IV A PrpCT I 2oe 
9 
9*8 P ro , Gas 
8o 
8 
1% P rdR lE 
2o 83 
3% Prod Bog 
24 
5 
3 U P ru d G p 
> 1 P u lte H 
6 
2% PunfaG 
4% Pu rep ac 
5’ . Quebec or 
6% RS md 
I U R E D M 
5 
1% RET 
43*, RET pf 438 
4U RH Med 
5 
1% RPSPd 
1% RSG Ind 
8 
W H RLCCp 
12a 
5 
3% R acer 
2oa 
5 
6% R aganB 
15a 
5 
15% Ranch Ex 
27 
17% R a n g rO 
55 
11% Ransbrg 
8o 
6 
% RapdAm w t .. 
4 
R a m p 
21 u R aym P ,S7e 21 
I 
Reading 
14% Real Es! I 2o 14 
9* 2 R tin cT l.ISe 
7 
18% R itR ef 2 I5e IO 
2U Red! aw 
21 
1% ReevesT 
16 
6 
R e frig T r 
6 
8% Regal B 
52 8 
'a R e lG rp w t 
13*4 Rem A r 
8oa 
7 
1% R epH ous 
R e p M tln w t 

487 3 32 I 32 I 32 

6 
Vanes St 
IO’ ? V al mac 
S' 2 V aispar 
2’ 1 Val LD v 
8% Van O wn 

62t 
TO 
28 
o2e 
5o 
32a 

32 

25 
+ 
35’ 9— V? 

13 
12 
94 

IO 4 
5 
6 
5 
5 
7 
4 
12 
8 
8 
8 

o6e 

Ode 

11*8 Veeeo 
1% V e n t 
21"? V e rm nfA 
4’ a V e m itron 
1% V e rtip ie 
3% Veseiv 
1% Viafech 
% V ik tn g G 
1% V in ta g e E 
SU V ire o 
2% V is n a y 
2! 2 V.suaiG o5r 
2 a Vol Mer 
12 
Vopl ex 
72a 
3 
VuicnC p 
8% Vole Inc 
SO 
2% W TC inc W 
19’ a WU I Inc 
IO 
WU Wabash 
2Se 
6% W acknftt 
4o 
2 
Wade! Eq 
IO 
4U Wamoco 
2o 
2o% W alcoN 
SOD 
6 
4U w atiacS 
2oe IO 
13’ 3 W angLb 
12 11 
11% W angLB 
22 l l 
U W a rd F d s w t .. 
3% W ards Co 
5 
4’ 3 W arnC pf o5 
21’ 3 w asP st B 36 
23% W R IT 
I 76 
3% w atsco 
2% We* man 
5% W ddT u A 
4 
Wei leo 
19 % Wasco F 
7% West Ch P 
52 
WTex PU 4o 
7 
W stF inl 
15a 1o5 
SU W h.ppnv 
» 39 
5% W hitaker 
4o 
5 
2% W hitehall 
7 
’ 4 W h itta k r w t .. 
7*4 W ichita 
17 
7% Wmhous 
36 
8 
4 
W ilson Br 
3o 5 
7*4 W ak I mn 
4o 
6 
1% W in s tn M 
8 
7U W olf MB 
36 
3U Wood ind 
% W ool L f o6e 
6’ ? W orcstC 
W 
W orkW r s' 3 W rather 
*4 W rig h tH 
5% W yte ta b 
9 ’ e W vnnin 
12U W y m - 
14% XontCS 

7 
IO 
4 
395 
9 
9 
93 
7 
54 
7 
IO i 
3 
9 
55 t3 1112 

6% 
13 
4% 
2% 
9% 
14% 
2 
74% 
9 
I U 
3U 
3% 
2715 16 

6% 
IV ? 
4% 
I U 
9 U 
14 
1% 
21% 
8% 
IU 
3% 
3% 
H IS-16 

 va 
12*9+ I 
4%— 
>A 
2 U .......... 
9% + 
% 
14 
- 
% 
1%— 
*A 
2 4 % + 3% 
8%— 
U 
1 U + 
% 
3 U + v* 
3% + 
"? 
I M 

8 
IS 
2o 13 
9 
4 
25 
9 
86 
8 
SO 
7 

'B n 
56 

15 
6o 
S 
Me IO 
13 
32 
6 
S 
8 ll 

5 3 16 3 16 3 16 
24% RepNY 
SS 
5 
145 
25% 
24% 
24%— 
VA 
17*4 ReschCtl ae 13 
252 
X U 
18% 
19%— 
18% Resists x 
6o 
7 
59 
19'? 
19 
19 
— 
*8 
8% 
R e srtsA 
12 
158 
9% 
9 
9 
— 
% 
17 
R e s rts B 
24 : SCC 
17% 
17% 
17% + 
V? 
IU 
Rest Asse 
12 
1% 
IU 
IU 
2% 
R e xN o re 
32 
2% l l 
2% + 
VA 
3% 
R ib le tP d 
5 
8 
3% 
3% 
3% .. 
6*8 Richton 
X 
4 
75 
7 
6% 
6 % - 
U 
15’ s R ile vC o 
8 
28o 
27*8 
25 % 
26% + 
H 
24% R ioAigm 
I l l 
I 
26% 
26% 
26’ 8 - 
Vm 
RiSdon 
.4o 
9 
76 
15 
U 
1 3 *8 - 1*8 
11% Robntch 
1o3 
13% 
12% 
13'?+ 
% 
3% R od in 
4 
41 
4% l l 
4 H — 
U 
12 
Rockway 
I 
8 
43 
16% 
15% 
IAH .. 
2% 
R ocor 
7 
2% 
2% 
2’ — 
% n u 
R ogers 
7 
13 
12% 
11% 
11%— I 
1 % RoncoT 
6 
19 
2% 
2% 
2*8 .. 
4% Rossmr 
4o 
4' J 
4"? 
4%. 
16 R o yB o sF l l 7 16 7 16 7 1 6 -1 16 
4% Ruddick 
ITA 
6 
5 
6*8 
6% 
A H '• 
VA 
6’ ? R udick p* 56 
3 
7 ? 
7% 
7% 
. 
1% 
Rusco 
484 
2*8 
1% 
I U — 
% 
*8 
7% Russell 
.4o 
5 
66 
8% a 
AVA— 
8% Rust Cft 
SO 
8 
45 
11% 
11% 
H H — 
H 
16U 
R va nH 
SO 1oX452 
17 
16*, 
16% . 

I 
JVA 
2% 
2% ...... 
2 
SH 
SH 
5% ... 
4 
2 H 
2% 
2% + 
’ n 
21 
2% 
2H 
2*8— 
H 
7 
JU 
2 ", 
J U .... 
4 
15% 
15% 
15"8— 
U 
22 
3% 
3% 
3 % ... 
23 
A H 
F A 
9’ * — 
VA 
48 
3*4 
3 
3 % .... 
62 
X " , 
X U 
2JH — I 
73 
12% 
17*8 
I2 H + 
% 
187 
A H 
8 
I U + 
*A a 
2% 
2U 
2H— 
H 
118 
A H 
7% 
T H — 
% u 
23% 
22% 
23H + 
VA 
9 
SU 
SU 
SH­ 
VA 
119 
IA H 
15*8 
IS H — 
•a 
41 
IS H 
U U 
14%— 
IU 
24 5 16 
" , 
U — 
H 
I 
4U 
4U 
4 U + 
H 
46 
4 H 
4* A 
4*'?— 
U 
193 
23% 
22% 
22%— I 
12 
24% 
24% 
24' A— 
U l l 
4% 
4*8 
4% + 
% 
7 
2'A 
2% 
2*9 ... 
16 
6 
5% 
$ ' * - 
H 
2 
4U 
4U 
4’ )r— 
H 
14 
19% 
19% 
19* 7— 
% 
X 
8*8 
TH 
T H — 
U zlO 
SS 
SS 
55 
+ u 
34 
7’A 
7% 
7 H ... ».. 
2 
SH 
J"? y 9 .. 
12 
SH 
5% 
5 % ... 
26 
2% 
V t 
2% + 
H 
164 5 16 
Va 
VA— 
H 
59 
4*8 
JH 
3 H — 
*A 
18 
7% 
TH 
7% + 
H 
16 
4 
4 
4 
— 
H 
21 
8% 
8% 
8% .. 
5 
1% 
1% 
I U . . . . n 
2% 
2% 
2*9-. ■ •. 
17 
3*? 
3U 
3U 
615 16 
% 
% - 3 16 
123 
9% 
9% 
9% + 
H 
18 
IOU 
IO 
1o’»— 
H 
X I 
6% 
SH 
A% + 
U 
176 
I 
% 
I 
+1-IA 
124 
7*8 
6% 
6%— 
% 
27 
W U 
9 H 
IO U ... 
58 
13% 
13 
U H — 
U 
94 
1>% 
U H 
15 - 
H 
- z — 

64 
IO 
9% 
W 
+ 
% 
49 
SH 
SH 
S U - 
H 

— Y 

W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N STOCK S A L K , 
Total tor . s e e k ......................................................... 
9 38o,ooo 
Week ago 
............ 
11.34o.ooo 
Year ago 
..................... ..............................................14,o72.IJS 
.an 1 to date 
.....................I .....................................193.22o.ooo 
KW* to date 
245.159.o9o 
W E E K LY A M E R IC A N ........................ BOND SALES 
Tot a1 for week 
........................................... 
U . 11o,ooo 
Wee* ago 
................................ t t W l B i 
Year ago 
....................................................................SS.ai.ooo 

S - T - U 
% 
9% 
8U SGL 
,16r 
6 
3 
8% 
8% 
8% 
U 
I * , 
1% SO Sec 
U 
1% 
1% 
1 % . 
Va 
. 17U 
16 
SGSe pf I 7o 
29 
16*9 
16 
16 
- 
% 
2% 
2 U SM D 
4 
IO 
2"? 
JU a u ­ 
U 
H 
5% 
4% SSPmd n u s t p c p 
33e X 
I 
4% 
4% s u . 
*5 
U U 
.X 
12 
187 
14*9 
13% 
U U — va 
% 
12*8 
8% Safetran 
6 
27 l l 
IOU 
WU— 
% 
H 
15% 
W U Salem 
89t 
6 
628 
15% 
13 
1SH + 
IU 
U 
7% i i SCarlo 
63e 
25 
6% 
6% 
SU — v. 
VA 
1o% 
9% SDgo pf a 
2 
W H 
IO 
IO 
- 
*8 
% l l 
W 
SDgo pf 
9o 
I 
IO 
IO 
IO 
*8 
11% l l 
SDgo pf 
1 
3 
MV? l l ’ ? 
11%+ 
% 
% 
1o7% 1o3 
SOoc pf 9 84 
72oo 1o7 
1o6 
W7 
+ 
•4*7— 
4 
% 
89% 
84’ 1 SDgo pf MO z2So 
86 ? 
84% 
I 
% 
29% 
28% SDgo pf 2 68 
X 
28'A 
28% 
U H ­ 
% 
14% l l 
SFrR E 
■ Se 84 
S3 
13% 
U U 
U H * 
% 
1% 
% SF RE w t 
19 
1% l'A 
1%. 
*8 
18% 
W a SenJW n 
7 
7 
W U 
18% 
W a— 
% 
*8 
3% 
3% Sargent 
7 
19 
3% 
3U 
3*8— 
% 
% 
WU 
8% Sa un d r I 
X 
4 
23 
9% 
8% 
9 7 + 
% 
% 
7% 
6% ScheibE 
56 W 
39 
6*8 
6% 
6%. 
% 
12 
8% S c h e ld t 
6oa 5 
5 l l 
IO*, 
W H— 
' n 
3% 
2% Schiller 
28 
19 
JVA 
2% 
2%— 
% 
H 
7*8 
6% School P 
SO 
6 
4 
7 
6% 
7 
+ u 
*8 
7% 
5 *, Schrader 
X 
8 
56 
6% 
SU 
6% 
% 
2% 
1% Sci Mg* 
16 
Sc 1 A tle 
OH 
U s 
JU 
1% 
2% + 
% 
VA 
21% 
12 l l 
43 
17*? 
16% 
17U— 
VA 
“ 36** 
24 , Scopein 
SOe 
5 Z?» 
31% 
31 
31 
— 
% 
U U 
13% S crivner 
TO 
5 
TO 
U U 
U 
U U + 
% 
IO 
8% Sod Ai M il 
SC 
4 
I 
9% 
9% 
9 % - 
% 
4 
3 
Seaictre 
15 
I 
3% 
3% 
3H — 
Va 
% 
1% 
% Seaport to 
12 
1% 
IU 
1U + 
Va 
% 
6% 
3’ ? Seaprt pf 56 
.'4oo 
6 
« 
6 
+ v* 
-16 
4U 
2% S e a rsin d 
2 
2% 
2% 
2% 
U 
21% 
W 
SeasnAll 
26 
U 
156 
21% 
X U 
X U — 
H 
*8 
JU 
J U SecM tgin 
197 
2% 
2% 
V t .. 
5 16 5 32 S e cM tln w t 
2 3 I i 3 % 3 1 6 -1 32 
6% 
SU SdasCp 
X 
7 
IS 
5% 
SU s h ­ 
% 

16 
1% 
I 
Se!« Asse t i 
1*9 
1*8 iv a— 
U 
5% 
4* 2 Semfch 
IF 
8 
JO 
4% 
4% 
4"?— u 
U 
6% 
SU 5erv sco 
-X 
5 
O 
5% 
5% 
5%— va 
VA 
8% 
4 
Servo 
8 
16 
4’ ? 
4% 
4H— u 
*8 
9% 
7% Seton Co 
45 
• 
A 
9% 
4 
9 

% 
4% 
3% Sheers 
Tse 
I 
TA 
3% 
3% 
3*8 
U U 
U U Sharon 
I 
7 
6o 
13% 
12% 
17’A— I 
*8 
9% 
S’ : Shawln sob 
8 
51 
9% 
9 
9 U — 
% 
% 
2% 
1% Sh el y r n o 
2% 
2 a 
. 
U 
7*7 
6% Shed Cc 
241 
6 s i 
7% 
7*4 
7"?+ 
VA 
’ , 
28% 
22% Shenano 
16 
178 
24% 
2% 
22*8 
2’ ? 
22% — 7 
"A 
16 
3 
7% Shopw elt 
IO 
3 
V t . 
19 
IS1, Showbo’ 
I 
6 
IS 
17 
16 7 
14% * 
% 

’ 
3 
I 'a S h d m T r 
7 
2 
1% 
1% 
BU 
5% Sierrcm 
X 
8 
TO 
JU 
7 
TH— 
1 A 
H 
1o% 
9’ ? Sitcpind 
5o 
5 
12 
W U 
IO 
IC 
- 
VA 
H 
8*8 
6*8 S gm a 
2oe 
A 
12 
7% 
7% 
7% .. 

 w eekly Group Averages 
N EW y o r k (A P ) — The follow ng list 
9 ‘ves the weekly average net change for the common stocks traded rn each group. 
Aerospace A irc ra ft 
................ . . . — VA 
A ir Ira n soon 
................. unco 
Aute. Truck ............................. 
— % 
Auto Par’ s 81 Accessories ............ . — ’A 
Banks. Savings 81 Loan ......... unch 
Beverage Soft D n n lo ...........................— U 
Brewing, D is tillin g 
...............— U 
Bu-ld.ng 
......................................... 
— U 
Chem icals 
...................................— % 
Com m unication 
............................... 
% 
Congiomeratas. D iv e rs ifie d .................— U 
Coma ners Packaging ........................ — % 
Orugs Medical Supplies 
% 
Etectron.cs, E lectric Products 
. . . . — % 
Finance 
........................... 
— % 
Foods Commodities 
....................... . . — % 
Food M arkets & v e n d o rs 
.........— % 
Go*d S ilv e r.................................................... % 
Hotels. Motels T o u ris m ............... . . . . + % 
House Furnishings 
...............— VA insurance 
............. 
— *A investm ent Companies . ............... unco 
Mace ne Toots I Accessor es 
..........+ % 
M achinery 
.......................................... — V* 
Meta* Fabr leafing ................ 
— Vs 
Mm na (non m e ta llic ) 
........ + % 
M otor Tran SOOT! & L e a s in g ................ — % 
Non ferrous M e ta ls ................ 
— % 
O ffice E s* pm ent a, Services 
... — % 
P a per,P y p , 
........ 
— U 
Petroleum 
. . . 
. . . . . . . . . . + U 
Photo Products A Services — 
.........— % 
Precision instrum ents, w atches . . . — % 
P rin tin g . Publishing 
............................ — U 
R ailroads Rail Equipm ent . . . . . — + % 
Real Estate ............. unch 
Recr eat'On, L e is u re .......................................U 
Restaurants 
........................... 
— % 
Re*a 
Trade ......................................... — U 
R uboer.T .res ................... 
. . . — % 
Sh po ng Sh pbuiidm g .................... . . ♦ % 
Shoes, Leather Products .................... — U 
Sones Cosmetics, T o ile trie s ..............— % 
Steel Iron 
..................... 
— VA 
Tex" ies. A p p a re l 
................ — va 
Tobacco 
........................... 
+ U 
Uh ! es E le c tric ................... unch 
U tilitie s Gas ............................................— % 

J 
I 

Page 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1 9 7 7 

NEW YO R K (A P ) - W eekly Investing 
Compar)!es g iv m q the high, low and last prices tor the week w ith the net change 
*ro rri 
’ tip previo us w eek's last price 
A lt quo tation s, supplied by the N ational 
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., re fle ct net asset values, at w hich securitie s could have been sold 
High lo w Last 
C tg 
5 12 
5 o7 
5.1?— CR 
14 SO 
14 34 
14.34— ?7 
9 7? 
9 65 
97?— IO 
7 o8 
7 o4 
7 OB— .o5 
I? 8? 
I? 8o 
I? 8? 
OI 
8 73 
8 65 
8 69— 15 
8 2? 
8 19 
8.2?— o8 
1o 4o 
IO 34 
IO 4o— .o5 
9 7o 
9 68 
9 69— o4 
4 .83 
4 81 
4 83— o4 

AG E Fund 
A co rnF d n 
A d vanin v r» 
Aetna F und 
Aetna Incom Shr 
A fu tu re F d n 
A ltsta te S tkn 
Alpha Fund 
A m B trth rg h t T r 
A m E q u ity Fd 
Am erican Funds 
Am Balance 
Arn cap F und 
A m M utu dl Fd 
Bond Fd Am 
C apFd Am 
G row th F d Am 
Incom eF dA m lnvC oA 
N ewPersp Fd 
Wash M utt tov 
A irier G eneral 
AG en Cap Bd 
AG enC apG th 
AGen incom e 
AGen Venture 
E q u ity G rth 
FundOf A m 
Provident Fd 
A m G row th Fd 
Am Ins& ind 
Am investor n 
A m ln v ln c F d n 
A m N a tG ro w th 
Anchor G roup: 
D a ilyln co m n 
G row th Fund incom e 
Spectrum 
Fundm Invest 
W ashing Nat 
Audax Fund 
AxeH ouqhton: 
FundB 
Incm Fnd 
Stock Fund 
BLC G ro w th F d 
Babson in com n 
Babson In v m tn 
B e acenH illM t n 
Beaconlnvn 
Berger G roup: 
1ooF und n 
IO I Fund n 
B e rkshire Cap 
Bondstock Cp nos' Found Fd 
C alvin B u llo ck: 
Bullock Fund 
Canadian Fnd 
D ividend Shrs 
M onthly Incm 
Nation W ides 
NY V enture 
CG Fund 
CG incom eFd 
CapPresvFd it 
C entoryS hrT r 
Challenger Inv 
C harter Fd Inc 
Chese G r Bos: 
Fund 
F ro n tie r Cap 
Sharehold 
Special 
ChpSideD ollr n 
Chemical Fund 
C N A M gem tF dS : 
L ib e rty Fund 
M anhattan Fd 
Schuster Fd 
C o lo n ia l: 
Convertible 
Fund 
G rw th Shr 
Incom e 
C oium bG rth n 
C om w thTr A & B 
Com w ith T rC 
'Com posite B8.S 
Composite Fd 
ConcerdFd n 
Corvsolidatlnv 
Const et InG th o 
C ontM utlnv n 
CountryC ap In 
D avidgeFundn deVeqnt/VWt n 
D elaw are G rou p: 
Decatur Inc 
D elaw are Fd 
Belch ester Bd 
Delta Trend 
D irectors Cap 
DodgCox B a in 
DodgCxStk n 
D rexlB urnhm n 
D reyfus G rp : 
Dreyfus 
E q u ity n 
Leverage 
LiquidA sset n 
Spec I Incom n 
T axE xem pt n 
T hird C entury 
E agleG rth Shr 
Eaton 8. Ho w a rd : 
Balance Fund 
Foarsquaren 
G row th Fund 
Incom e Fund 
Special Fund 
Stock Fund 
E dieS plG thn 
EdsonGld n 
Eqret Fund 
EH un Trusts 
F a irfie ld Fund 
F a rm B u rM u tn 
Federated Funds: 
Am Leaders 
E m p ire Fd 
Fourth E m p ir 
Tax Preen 
Fid e lity G roup; 
Bond Deb 
Capital 
C ontrafund n 
D a ilyln co m n 
Destiny 
E q u ity Incm n 
M agellan 
M uni Bond n 
F id e lity 
P u ritan 
Salem 
T h riftT ru S t is 
Trend 
Financial P ro g : 
D ynem Fd n 
IndustFd n incom eFd n 
Fsf investors: 
D iscovery 
Fund G row th 
Income 
Stock Fund 
F stM u ttA m n 

7 9? 
5 3o 
9 58 
14 9o 
6 17 
4 41 
15 94 
13 51 
15 86 
6.94 

8 94 
4 o1 
6 41 
1o 76 
6 43 
6 51 
3 88 
5 44 
4 85 
5 51 
12 o4 
27? 

I OO 
6.3? 
7 35 
4 43 
658 
9 85 
7.67 

7.73 
4 98 
579 
1o 21 
1 79 
9 o7 
8 25 
9.26 

7 o1 
8 98 
7 73 
476 
9 35 

12 64 
7 53 
3 o4 
14.79 
9 85 
11 o2 
9 32 
8 SI 
IOO 
1o 35 
9.95 
1359 

6. TS 
3 38 
7 34 
5 13 
11 27 
7.o3 

4 4o 
2 47 
7 25 

8 84 
9 38 
4 6o 
873 
1463 
98 
I 47 
8 88 
7 39 
12 l l 
9 87 
5 46 
6 41 
11 39 
7 33 
3o 32 

12 OB l l OS 
9 28 
4 67 
4 OO 
21 89 
15 65 
9 64 

11 56 
5 22 
IS o4 
1o OI 
7 2o 
15.55 
12 59 
9.93 

8 2o 
8 13 
8 26 
6 o2 
5 85 
8.84 
15.93 
8 62 
1o61 
14 o5 
9 38 
7 95 

8 72 
18 61 
17.56 
12 94 

\) 8o 
8 IO 
IO 48 
I OO 
9 28 
15.39 
22 52 
1o.43 
15.65 
1o.81 
476 
1o.42 
2o.64 

4.69 
4.28 
7.74 

5.o3 
6.24 
8 52 
8.19 
7.96 

7 89 
5 27 
955 
14 88 
6 14 
4 38 
15 9o 
13 46 
15 81 
691 

8 94 
399 
6 39 
1o71 
6 39 
6 46 
387 
5.41 
4.81 
5 41 
12.o2 
2.7o 

I OO 
6 29 
7 33 
4 4o 
6 55 
9 79 
7 59 

7 7o 
4 96 
574 
1o IS 
1.79 
9 o3 
8 2o 
9 22 

6 98 
8 88 
7 69 
475 
93o 

12 59 
7 45 
3.o3 
1476 
9 83 
1o 95 
9 27 
8 49 
1 OO 
1o 3o 
9 58 
13 51 

6 ll 
3.35 
7.31 
5 o6 
11 18 
7 oo 

4 38 
2 45 
7 16 

883 
9 33 
4 58 
8.73 
14 54 
98 
I 47 
8 86 
7 34 
12 o3 
9 87 
5 43 
6 33 ll 32 
7 29 
3o 13 

12o3 ll OI 
9 26 
4 62 
3 94 
21 84 
15.56 
9.56 

I I 49 
5 18 
14 96 
1o OI 
7.18 
15.52 
12.43 
9.85 

8 18 
8.o8 
8 12 
6o1 
5 81 
8 78 
15 84 
8.56 
1o54 
13 99 
9.32 
7 91 

866 
18 46 
17.46 
12.94 

8.78 
8.o6 
IO 4o 
I oo 
9.21 
15.35 
22.26 
IO 42 
15.6o 
1o.78 
473 
1o.41 
2o 51 

4 66 
4.24 
7 73 

4 96 
6 19 
8 5o 
8 15 
7 93 

7 9 2 - 
5 28 
9 5 8 - 
14.9o F 
6 17— 
4 3 9 - 
15 94— 
13.51 — 
15 86— 
6 94— 

8 94— OI 
4 O I- .o3 
6 41— .o9 
1o71— o8 
6 43— 
6.51 
3.88 
5.42 - 
4 85 
5 51 + 
12 o2 
2 .7 1 - 

ML Cap 
12 69 
12 63 
12 69— 
OS 
M LR dy As n 
I oo 
I oo 
I OO 
M id A m er 
5 13 
5 o9 
5.12— .o4 
M orm yM kM qt n 
I OO 
I OO 
I OO 
M ON Y Fund 
8 94 
8 89 
8 94— 
o5 
M S B F undn 
13 7o 
13 6o 
13 6 4 - 
.2o 
M utual B c w fit 
8 86 a bi 
8 86— 
o4 
M IF Fund 
849 
8 46 
8 4 9 - 
o7 
M IF G row th 
3 72 
3 TO 
3 72 - 
o2 
M utual ext Omaha 
Am erica l l 61 l l 58 
11 59— .o3 
G row th 
3 92 
39o 
3 9 2 - 
o3 
Income 
9 23 
9 19 
9 21— .o5 
M utual Shrsn 
28 24 
28 13 
28 2 4 - 
o9 
N E A M utuai n 
7 91 
7 86 
7 88— .o9 
N atltndustn 
1o 67 
IO 59 
1o 67— 
o6 
Nut Secur Ser 
Balanced 
9 23 
9 19 
9 2 2 - 
o7 
Bond 
4 53 
4 53 
4 5 3 - 
OI 
D ividend 
4 o5 
4 o4 
4 o5 
G row th 
5 36 
533 
5 36- 
o4 
P referred 
7 57 
7 56 
7 5 6 - 
.o5 
Income 
S 4o 
5 38 
5 4o - 
OI 
Stock 
8.12 
8o9 
8 12— 
o4 
N E L ife F u n d : 
E q u ity 
16 64 
1653 
16 64- - 
o4 
Grow th 
8 66 
8 57 
8 66 
Income 
14 OS 
14.o3 
14 o4 
Side 
12 99 
12 91 
12 99— .o4 
N eoberger Berm 
E nerqyn 
14 37 
14 27 
14 37— .o5 
G uardtanM n 
27 64 
27 47 
27 6 4 - 
.14 
Partners n 
9 28 
9 18 
9 28 + 
.o5 
N e uw irthF d n 
8oo 
7 97 
7 9 9 - 
.o8 
N ew W rldFd n 
1o 52 
IO 47 
1o 5 2 - 
.o8 
Newton Fund n l l 16 l l o7 
11 1 6 - 
.o3 
N ew tonlnvFdn 
9 83 
9 79 
9 A l­ 
.o7 
Nicholas F dlnn 
13 74 
13 66 ls 74— .o3 
Nom uraC apFd 
9 37 
9 24 
9 24— 
2o 
N oreastlnv n 
14 83 
14 82 
14 82 + 
OI 
NuveenFd 
9 6o 
9 6o 
9 6o 
Omega (fund 
IO 16 
IO l l 
IO 14— 
o9 
O neW illiam n 
13 3o 
13 25 
1 3 3 o - . l l 

1 OO 
6 .3 2 - OS 
7 35 + 
4 42-7 
6 5 8 - 
9 .8 5 - 
7 67 + 

7 73— 
4 98 + 
5 79 - 
IO 15— 
1.79,. 
9.o4— 
8 2 1 — 
9 2 3 - 

7 OO- .o7 
8 8 8 - .14 
7 73— .o5 
476— .o3 
9 33— o6 

12.64— 
7 45— 
3 o 4 - 
14.79 + 
9 85— 
11.o2— o4 
9 32— IO 
8 51+ .o1 
1.oo 
1o 31— l l 
9.58 - .44 
13.59- .12 

6 15— 
3 .3 8 - 
7 34— 
5 13 l l 27— 
7 o 2 - 

4.4o— .o3 
2 47— .o2 
7 .1 6 - .14 

8.83 
.o4 
9.36— .o7 
4 6o— OS 
873 .. 
14.61— .13 
9 8 - OI 
I 47— OI 
8 .8 8 - .o3 
7.38— .ll 
12 o6— o6 
9 87— .13 
5 44— .o8 
6.33— .o7 
11.38- ll 
7.32— .1o 
3o.32— .22 

12 o8— OI 
11.o4— o9 
9 28+ .o1 
4 6 2 - 
IO 
4.oo+ .o3 
21.87— .l l 
15.62- .12 
9 6o— .o9 

11.56— .o5 
5 22— .o6 
15 o4— .o1 
1o.o1 . 
7 2o 
15.54 + 
12 59 
9 9o.. 

8 2o— .o5 
8 13— .o9 
8 26+ .o3 
6 OI— .o1 
5.84— .o4 
8 .8 4 - .o4 
15 9o— .14 
8 62— .o5 
1o 61— .o3 
14.o5— 
9 3 7 - 
7.95— 

o2 

8 7o— 
18.55— 
17.55— .15 
12.94+ .o1 

8.78— .o2 
8 IO - .o9 
1o.41— .2o 
IOO ... 
9 .2 8 - o6 
15.38— .o7 
22.52— .o2 
1o 43+ .o2 
15.65- .14 
1o.8o— .18 
4 76— .o2 
IO 41— .o1 
2o.62— .25 

4.69— 
4 2 8 - 
7.74.. 

F s tM u ltD ly n 
1o.oo 
1o.oo 
F ortyFourW II n 
15 17 
15 oo 
Found G row th 
Founders G ro u p : 
G row th 
Income 
M utual 
Special 
F ranklin G roup: 
Brown Fd 
DNTC 
G row th 
U tilitie s 
Income Stk 
U SGO vt Sec 
Resrch Capit 
Resrch E q uty 
F ranklpLf E q ty 
FdF orM utD n 
Fundpack 
Fund Inc G rp: 
Commerce Fd 
Im pact Fund 
Indust Trend 
Pilot Fund 
GenElS&SPr Fd 
GenSecurit n 
O row ihlnd n 
H a m ilto n : 
Fund HDA 
G row th Fund income 
H a rtw e ilG rtb n 
H a rtw llL e ve rn 
H eritage Fund 
H oldingTrust n 
H oraceM onnFd 
ISI Group: 
G row th 
Income 
Trust Shares 
Trust U nits 
Industry Fund 
Int Investors 
InvestG uiln iw vstlndictr n tnvestTr Bos 
Inv Counsel 
Capam erica 
Capit Shrs Inc 
InvestorsG roup: 
IDS Bond 
IDS G row th 
IDS NewDrm 
M utual Inc 
Progressive 
T axE xem pt 
Stock 
Selective 
V a riable Pay 
Invest Research istel Fund Inc ivyF undn 
JP G row thFd 
JanusFund n 
John H ancock: 
Balance 
Bond 
Growth, 
JohnstnMut n 
Kemper F ands: 
G row thFd 
Income 
M oneyM kt n 
M unicpBnd 
. Sum m it Fd 
Technology 
Tot Return 
Keystone Funds: 
Apollo Fund 
Invest Bd B l 
M fd G Bd 62 
Disc Bd 84 
Incom Fd K l 
G row th FOK 2 
H iG rC om S l 
Incom Stk S2 
G row th S 3 
LoPrComS4 
P o.aris 
Lexington G rp: 
CorpLeaders 
L e x in g tn p rth 
Lex mg Incom 
LexingtnR sh 
L ife ln s In v 
Lincoln N a tl: 
Select Am n 
Select Spec n 
Loom is Sayles: 
Capital n 
M utual n 
LordA bbett: 
A ffilia te d Fd 
Bond Deb incom e 
Lutheran Bro* 
Fund 
Income 
M unicipal 
USGovf Sec 
Massacnusett Co 
Freedom Fd 
Indeperid Fd 
Mass Fd 
Mass F inancl: 
M IT 
M IG 
M ID 
M FD 
MCD 
M FB 
M athersFnd n 

3.88 
3.83 

4.34 
12 12 
884 
8 53 

332 
6 42 
5 15 
4.58 
175 
9 6o 
2 49 
3.19 
8 o2 
7.85 
8.12 

8 55 
8.o6 
1o 47 
7 96 
25.53 
9 3o 
16 77 

4 12 
6 67 
7 62 
1o 8o 
7 o9 
1 31 
VOO 
1475 

4.51 
3 48 
IO 25 
2 76 
2.97 
8 17 
8 58 

9$S 

8 1? 
5 84 

591 
IJS 
8 9 4 
2.94 
4 93 
18.32 
9 48 
6 17 
4.99 
19 IO 
5 93 
IO 36 
16 83 

8 96 
19 35 
5.54 
19 2o 

6 88 
18 84 
I oo ia*64 ie se 
7 o9 
9.79 

3 87 
1779 
19 35 
8 37 
28 
IT 36 
9 24 
I 41 
3.53 
3 18 

14 IO 
8 34 
1o 61 
1479 
6.7o 

691 
12 3o 

9 99 
12 75 

8 o6 
I I 25 
3.51 

1o 29 
9 16 
1o 14 
9 87 

8 o3 
7o1 
Kl 44 

1o.27 
8.17 
14 3o 
11 62 
12 64 
15 73 
13.o? 

4.32 
12 o7 
8 8o 
8 49 

3.31 
6 36 
5 13 
4.57 
174 
9 59 
2 42 
3 17 
7 98 
774 
8 o7 

8 5o 
8o3 
1o 4o 
7.91 
25 43 
9 22 
167o 

4 41 
6 64 
7 61 
1o.72 
7 o2 
1.3o 
VOO 
14.66 

4.47 
3 45 
1o 2o 
275 
295 
7 97 
8.52 
147 
9 89 

8.o3 
5 82 

4,43 
K92 
293 
4 93 
IS 23 
9 48 
6 13 
4.98 
18.91 
5 9o 
1o 25 
1674 

8 93 
19 33 
5.51 
19 13 

6 84 
1o 83 
VOO 
1o 61 
1oo5 
7 o4 
975 

3 85 
1778 
19 34 
8 36 
7 63 
494 
17 28 
9 21 
736 
3.51 
3 16 

13 94 
8 24 
1o 59 
14.72 
6 66 

6 9o 
12 26 

9 94 
12 69 

8 o3 
1124 
3 5o 

IO 23 
9.15 
IO 13 
9.82 

799 
6 96 
1o 4o 

1o 2o 
8 13 
14 28 
1152 
12 53 
15 71 
12.91 

5.o2— .o8 
6 24— .o4 
8 5o— .o2 
8 19— .o5 
7.93— .o7 
1o oo....... 
15 o6— .39 
3.83— .o5 

4.33 - .o4 
12 12— .o6 
8 83— .12 
8 51— .o6 

3.32— .o4 
6 4o— .o8 
5.14— .o6 
4 57— .o1 
174........ 
9.6o+ OI 
2 43— .o7 
3.19— OI 
8 OI— .12 
7.85— .o2 
8.11— .o9 

8 55+ .o2 
8 o6— o4 
IO 47— .o5 
7 96— IO 
25 53— .23 
9 3o— .o5 
16 76— .28 

4.12— .o4 
6 67— .o2 
7 62— .o3 
1o 8o + .o2 
7 .o 9 - .o9 
13o— .o2 
1 OO____ 
14.75— .16 

4 47— .1o 
3 47— .o1 
IO 22— .o6 
2 76— .o1 
2 9 5 - JO5 
8 OO— .22 
8.56— .o6 
149— .o1 
9.95— .o7 

8 o 5 - .12 
5.84— .o9 

591........ 
5 16— .OS 
4 45— .o4 
8 94— .o3 
2 93- 
4 93 
18 32- 
9 48 . . . . 
6 17— .o5 
4 98— .o3 
19 IO— l l 
5 92— .o9 
IO 36— .o1 
16 83— .12 

Oppenheim er Fd 
Oppenhm Fd 
Opp I ne Bos 
M onyBr n 
Tax Free Bd n 
A IM n 
Tim e 
Over Count Sec 
P a ram t M utual 
P auiR evere 
Penn Square n 
PennM utuat n 
F+nle Fund 
PhoenixCapFd 
Phoenix Fd 
P ilg rim G ip : 
P ilg rim F orm 
P ilg rim Fd 
M agnaCap n 
M agna Incom 
Pirx'Streetn 
Pioneer Fund: 
Fund ll 
Planned Invest 
P ligrow th Fnd 
P litrend Fnd 
P rice Funds 
G row th Fd n ineomen 
N ewEra n 
NewHorizn n 
TaxFreen 
P roFundn 
Provider G rth 
Pru SIP 
Putnam Funds: 
Convert 
Equit 
George 
Grow th 
Income 
Invest 
T axE xem pt 
Vista 
Voyage 
R ainbowFdn 
ReserveFd n 
R evereFundn 
S afecoE quitFd 
Safeco G row th 
St Paul Cap 
St Paul G wth 
ScudStevClk: in tlF u n d n 
M M u n iB d n 
Manage Res n 
Income n 
Com mon St n 
Special n 
Security Funds 
E quity 
Invest 
U ltra 
Sentinel G roup: 
Apex Fund 
Balanced Fd 
Common Stk 
Sentinel G row th 
Sentry Fund 
Shareholders Gp 
Comstock Fd 
E nterprise Fd 
Fletcher Fd 
Harbor Fund 
Legal List 
Pace Fund 
Shearson Funds: 
Appreciation 
Income 
Invest 
SierraG th n 
ShrmnDean n 
Sigma Funds: 
Capital 
Invest 
TrustSh 
Venture Shr 
S m thB arE qtn 
S m thB arl& G n 
SoGen Int 
Southwstn inv 
Soutbwnlnv Gth 
Sovereign Inv 
Spectra Fdn 
State B o ndG r: 
Common Fd 
D iversified F 
Progress Fd 
S tatF arm G th n 
S ta'F arm B al n 
Stalest Inv 
Steadman Funds 
A m erind n 
AssoF Trust n 
Invest n 
Oceanogra n 
Stein Roe Fds . 
Balance n 
CapOpn 
Stockn 
Surveyor Fd 
TempGth Can 
T em plnvF d n 
Transam Cap 
Transam Invest 
T ravelers E qFd 
TudorHedge n 
2othCeniGth n 
TOthCentlnc n 
USAACapGthn 
U S AA IncFd n 
USGovt Secor 
U n ifM u tu a ln 
Unifund unavail 
Union Svc G rp: 
Broad St Inv 
Nat Invest 
Union Capitol 
Union Inc Fd 
U nited Funds. 
A ccu m u ltiv 
Bond 
Cont G ro w th 
Cont Incom e 
Income 
Science 
Vanguard 
U nitSvcsFdn 
Value Line Fd: 
Value Line 
Income 
Levrged G rth 
Sped Sit 
Vance Sanders: 
Income 
Invest 
Common 
Special 
V endrbltG thn 
V andrblt In c m n 
Vanguard G roup: 
E xp lo re r Fnd n 
Fst Index n 
Ives!Fund n 
M organ Fnd n 
TrusteesEqn 
W ellesleyn 
W ellingtonn 
W estm inBd n 
Windsor Fndn 
Varied Indust 
W all St G row th 
W eingrtnE q n 
W estfield G rw th 
W isconsin Incm 
No load fund. 

6 12 
8 53 
1 OO 
1o 33 
9 o9 
6 95 
12 35 
8 55 
5 83 
7 87 
3 61 
6 94 
7 91 
9 49 

12 54 
8o4 
3 35 
9 13 
1o 86 

13 8o 
15.17 
1131 
1o.82 
7 79 

9 78 
9 88 
1o 69 
6 73 
1o 2o 
5 86 
7 48 
9 24 

11 65 
9 5o 
13 S3 
1o 12 
8 o6 
7 27 
23 98 
9 75 
1153 
185 
VOO 
533 
8 81 
8 64 
7 91 
7 o3 

12 96 
1o 25 
IO o4 
14.59 
9 12 
22 51 

3 82 
7 2o 
9 24 

3 41 
7 86 
12 o6 
7 92 
1162 

5 75 
5.2o 
5.15 
8 48 
6.49 
1o.o4 

16.14 
18 63 
1oo4 
866 
19.14 

8 34 
1o 13 
8 7o 
9 96 
9 7o 
12.44 
1o.76 
7 81 
4 66 
1176 
4.54 

4.17 
4 87 
3.74 
5.85 
9 35 
4164 

2 24 
I o8 
I 39 
6 12 

17.27 
8 41 
1198 
8 49 
11.97 
VOO 
7.o6 
9 27 
9.91 
13 37 
3 85 
5 63 
7 37 
1184 
9.77 
8.24 

6 o9 
8 52 
1 OO 
IO 32 
9 o3 
69o 
12 28 
8 52 
5 81 
7 82 
3 58 
69o 
7 86 
9.47 

12 42 
8 oo 
3.32 
9 l l 
1o 82 

13.73 
15o8 
1129 
IO 73 
7.73 

9 72 
9 87 
IO *1 
6 69 
1o 18 
5 83 
7 44 
9 18 

1163 
9 43 
13 35 
1o.o6 
7 91 
7.19 
23 95 
966 
11.42 
1.83 
VOO 
5 28 
8 75 
8 64 
7 87 
6.98 

1283 
1o 24 
1o.o4 
14.56 
9o8 
22 37 

3 8o 
7.17 
9.19 

3 39 
7 85 
12 o4 
7 88 
11 53 

572 
5.18 
5.12 
8 46 
6 44 
995 

16 o2 
18.59 
9 95 
8 6o 
18 78 

8 3o 
1o.o9 
8 65 
9 91 
9.62 
I? 37 
1o 7o 
7 79 
4.64 
I V68 
4.46 

4.15 
4 84 
3.73 
5.81 
9 32 
41.36 

2 24 
I o8 
137 
6 IO 

17 19 
8.32 
11.92 
8 43 
11.83 
VOO 
7.o4 
9 26 
9 87 
13 22 
3.8o 
5 59 
732 
11 83 
9 77 
8 18 

6 12— 
8 53 - 
1 OO 
1o 33 + 
9 o 9 - 
6 9 5 - 
12 35 + 
8 5 5 - 
5 8 3 - 
7 8 7 - 
3 59— 
6 92— 
7 91— 
9 49 

12 4 2 - .15 a o4— .o1 
3 3 3 - .o5 
9 l l — o3 
1o 86— .o6 

1375+ .18 
15 o8— .16 
1 1 3 1 - .o2 
IO 73— .2o 
7.76— .1o 

9 75— .16 
9 88— .19 
1o.65— .14 
6 73— o4 
1o 2o+ .o2 
5.85— o6 
7 4 7 - .o7 
9 22— .12 

1165— o4 
9 5 o - o3 
13.4o- . ll 
1o.12— o8 
7.91— .14 
7 2 7 - OI 
23 98+ .o6 
9.75— .o1 
IV 5 3 - .o4 
V84— .o2 
VOO 
5 3 o - .o7 
8 81— .o3 
8.64- 
7 89— 
7 o3— 

12.83- 
1o 25 + 
IO o4 
14.59 
9 12— 
22 44— 

3 8o— .o6 
7 19— .o3 
9 24— .o9 

3 41— .o4 
7 8 6 - .o1 
12 o6— .o3 
7 9 1 - .o8 
1162— .1o 

5 74— .o3 
5 2 o - .o5 
5.13— .o5 
6 47— .o5 
6.49— 
1o.o4— 

16.14— .12 
18 61.. 
9.98— .12 
8 66— .o9 
19.14+ .41 

8.34— .o8 
IO IO— .o9 
8.67+ .o2 
9 91— .14 
9.7o— o4 
12.39— . ll 
1o.72— .o9 
7 7 9 - .o6 
4.65— .o5 
11.76— .o6 
4.54— .o1 

I p a d e r k 
N E W YO RK (A P ) Ween s tw enty most active stocks. 
Week's 
High 
19Va 
Low 
Stes 
19+* 
B allyM ta 
........ 
Westgh El 
........ 
............ 
1,4o9 8oo 
19+4 
16 V* 
............ 
1,214,8oo 
4o Vj 
28+* 
Babcok Wit 
........ 
3o>* 
24 V* 
BankAm er 
............ 
664,7oo 
69 >4 
57+* 
Sears Roeb 
........ 
78’ a 
66+4 
Gen M otors 
............ 
592,2oo 
65'4 
61+4 
Am TT 
589,5oo 
61** 
St Va 
Ford Mot 
............ 
579,6o( 
IS1* 
12+4 
GulfW stn tov* iv * 
Sony Corp 
............ 
464,9oo 
557* 
47+* 
Gen Elec 
........ 
4o7* 
31+* 
KresgeSS 
........ .............. 45o.5oo 
34 
27+4 
C iticorp 
........ ............ 
44o,3oo 
27+* r n * 
U A L inc 
............ 
436,2oo 
3o 
25+4 
Texaco Inc 
........ 
43V* 
36+* 
Dow Ch 
........ 
22+4 
!97* 
Duke Pow 
55+* 
49** 
Exxon 
.......... 
393,8oo 
54 
4o'J 
D ig ita l Eq 
........ ............ 
392,6oo 
W a 
23** 
W hite Cons 
........ ..........39o.8oo 

High 
Low 
?87* 
»'/« 
4o+J 
25+* 
6o’+ 
66 
63+* 
5SV4 
13' 'i 
9+4 r n . 
32*4 
28i« 
2o’ 'a 
27 
38 
2o+s 
51 
43 Va 
27’4 

19'4i 
18'* 
38'» 
24+j 
57' • 
66' 4 
62'/« 
5274 
12+4 
9+* 
477/* 
32 
27'/4 
19' J 
25+. 
36 Va 
197* 
5o 
4o'/a 
26'* 

Last Cha 
19+v— 9+4 
18+*— 
'A 
4o+4+ 
+4 
24+4— 
Va 
5 8 '*— 2+4 
6 7 '*- 
6 2 '*— 
54*4— 
13 
— 
9*4— 
4 9 '*— 
3$'*— 
28 — 
2o Vi............ 
2674.......... 
36+ 4- r n 
2o'4— 
'A 
5o+4— 
'4 
42*4— 
+4 
26*4+ 
V* 

Week's 
N E W YORK (A P ) — W eek's A m erican .fa d e rs 
Y e arly 
High 
Low 
18 Va l4 + i Kaiser I od 
6o7'a 
39'4 HouOilM 
13+4 
9*4 Asamera O 
7'4 
5'4 GtBas Pet 
25V* 
1874 Husky Oil 
24*4 
17Va SyntexCorp 
6Va 
4+* Fed Resrcs 
4 
27% Champ Ho 
15V* 
57/» Gent Exp!or 
7*4 
6 
Texstar Cp 

Sale 
High 
Low 
Last Chg 
167'*- Va 
2,225,3oo 
17*4 
16 
552,7oo 
47'* 
39'* 
397*— 6+e 
3o4,5oo 
127* 
113» 
1 2 '*+ 
Va 
3o2,2oo 
Via 
63* 
7 
+ 
+4 
249,7oo 
24'* 
23 
23+* + 
Va 
232,2oo 
1 9'i 
17' a 
18+*+ 
'/a 
19o,7oo 
6+z 
57* 
6 '* + 
Va 
163,5oo 
3 
27* 
27*.. 
147,3oo 
15'* 
13+* 
14+4+ 
'+* 
134,7oo 
7+* 
7 
Via— 
Va 
Averages 

W H A T TH E STOCK M A R K E T D ID 
. Two 
..T h is P re v .Y a a r Y ears 
. weekweekago ago 
Adcances 
613 
782 
559 1o72 
Declines 
1137 
1oo4 1286 
667 
Unchanged 
3oo 
299 
12o 
254 
Total issues 
2o5o 
2o85 2o65 1993 
N e w yearlyh ighs 
63 
88 
2o2 
221 
New yearly lows 
343 
379 
65 
59 

W E E K L Y SALES 
ThisW aek 
ThisWeek 
AYearAi 
Ago 
NYStOCks................ 
68,44o,ooo 11o,192,32o 
N Y Bonds ...............$65,71o,ooo $182,519,ooo 
A m erican Stocks ........9,38o,ooo 14,o72,135 
A m erican B o nds_____$4,11o,ooo $5,281,ooo 
M idw est Stocks.................4,435,ooo 5,275,ooo 

W eekly N um ber of Traded issues 
N Y. Stocks 
2o5o 
N Y. Bonds 
J471 
A m erican Stocks 
1123 
A m erican Bonds 
114 

Market a r "4”1 

9 6 1 ID R IS 

3o IN O tfS T R IA IS 

NEW YO RK (A P ) — Dow Jones range of prices fo r the week ended oo. 
STOCK AVER AGES 
Open 
High LowClose Chg 
Indus 
915.56 918.88 914.73 918.88 —8.48 
Trans 
223 46 224.oo 222.78 224 oo +o.39 
U tils 
1o7.2o 1o7.7o 1o6 98 1o7.o7 +o.19 
65 Stks 
3o3.3o 3o4.o5 3o2.89 3o4.o5 — 1.41 
BOND AVER AG ES 
2o finds 
9o 94 9o 94 
9o.83 
9o.83 —o.o' 
U tils 
96 o2 96.o2 
95.87 
95.92 + o.o6 
Indus 
85.87 85.87 85.75 
85 75 —o.o8 
CO M M O DITY FU TUR ES IN D E X 
411.99 422.37 4o8.59 422 19 + 6.61 

 n e w YORK 
(A P ) — Standard and 
Poor's W eekly 5oo Stock In d e x: 
. High 
Low 
Close 
Cb 
4oo Indust 
1o9.27 
1o8.72 
2o Trans 
13.98 
13.83 
4o U tils 
52.24 
52 o6 
4o F inancil 
11.24 
11.19 
5oo CtrvV* 
98 35 
97.91 

 a 
Chg 
1o9 27+1.o2 
13.98+o.o3 
52.o6—o.2o 
11.22—o.1o 
98.35—o 86 

4 17— .o5 
4.87— .OI 
3 .7 4 - .o3 
5 .8 5 - .o2 
9.35— .o4 
41.64 

U p 
N E W YORK (A P ) — The follow ing lis t shows the New Y ork Stock Exchange stocks and w a rra n ts that have gone up the most and down the m ost in the past week based on percent of change regardleesof volum e. no securities trad ing below $2 are in c l­ uded 
Net and percentageehangesarethe difference between last week's closing p rice and this week's closing price. 
UPS n am e 
L a st 
Chg 
P ct. 
1 
Sonesta 
6>/i 
+ 2+* 
Up 72.4 
2 
Tobin Pack 
8+4 
+ 2V« 
Up 34.6 
3 
P u ritn Fash 
3’A 
+ 
Vj 
Up 16.7 
4 
M olycorp 
51 
+ 5+4 
Up 12.7 
5 
A m tel Inc 
6+« 
-t 
+« 
Up 12.5 
6 
Gamb Skog 
32+j 
+ 3 '* 
Up 12.1 
7 
G atewy Ind 
9'A 
+ 
7% 
Up 1o.4 
8 
N a tC ityLin 
12 
+ IV* 
Up 1o.3 
9 
AM BAC Ind 27Va 
+ Via 
Up IO O 
1o 
Tex Pac Ld 
37 
+ 3+4 
Up 
9 .6 
11 
G am b V75pf 3o 
+ 2+2 
Up 
9.1 
12 
Gen Cable 
12 
+ 1 
Up 
9.1 
13 
Moore McC 
49+4 
+ 4'/# 
Up 
9.o 
14 
Hospit A ff it 
18+* 
+ IV* 
Up 
8.9 
15 
Global M ar 
8 
+ 
+* 
Up 
8.5 
16 
M olycorp pf 59 
+ 4 '* 
Up 
8.3 
17 
Thiokol 
22 
+ 1*5 
Up 
8.o 
18 
M arathn M f 13'A 
+ 
Va 
Up 
6.9 
19 
M agic Chef 
9+4 
+ 
+* 
Up 
6.8 
2o 
Apco Oil 
37+. 
+ 2*5 
Up 
6.7 
21 
Mesabi T r 
12+5 
+ 
+• 
Up 
6.5 
22 
Carborun 
36 
+ 2'% 
Up 
6.3 
23 
Nat Tea 
4V* 
+ 
V« 
Up 
6.3 
24 
FostWheel 
23'/* 
+ 1+5 
Up 
6.2 
25 
Rowan 
17+5 
+ 1 
Up 
6.1 

Ups and Downs 

DOWNS 
Name 
Last 
Chg 
Pct. 
B a lly M fg 
19+4 
- 9+8 
O ft 
32.6 
I 
F ab ri Cntrs 
63* 
— 
1+3 
Off 
18.2 
2 
PioneerEI 
12'* 
— 
2 
Off 
14.2 
3 
Redman Ind 
2+* 
— 
+ * 
Oft 
12.5 
4 
E lginN atl 
21+4 
— 
3 
Off 
12.3 
5 
Oak Ind 1.75pf 
35 Va 
— 
43/4 
Oft 
119 
6 
TR E Corp 
8+4 
— 
I ' * 
Off 
118 
7 
Am Fin SVS 
Peoples Drg 
27* 
— 
+ * 
Off 
11.5 
8 
7+4 
— 
I 
Off 
11.4 
9 
Beker Ind 
7'.* 
— 
Va 
Off 
1o.9 
IO 
Cordura Cp 
3V* 
— 
+ * 
OH 
1o.7 l l 
Litton Ind 
14 
— 
I** 
OH 
1o.4 
12 
Oak Ind 
16'* 
— 
I 7* 
OH 
1o.2 
13 
Johnson EF 
9+4 
— 
I 
Off 
9.6 
14 
I NCO Lid 
28+4 
— 
3 
OH 
9.5 
15 
Shear Hay S 
7 Va 
— 
+ 4 
OH 
9.5 
16 
ChockFON 
3** 
— 
+4 
OH 
9.4 
17 
Playboy En 
Simm Prec 
7+i 
6 
_ 
+4 
+* 
Off 
Off 
9.4 
9.4 i e 
19 
SuaveShoe 
3+4 
— 
+* 
Off 
9.4 
2o 
Gen Develp 
5 
— 
Va 
Off 
9.1 
21 
Asarco Inc 
21'* 
— 
2+* 
OH 
9.o 
22 
El Mem Mg 
GF BusEqt 
4 
— 
+* 
OH 
8 6 23 
5+* 
— 
Vj 
Off 
8.5 
24 
Adams Drg 
23/4 
— 
•A 
OH 
8.3 
25 
Dollar 

2 24— 
Vo8.. 
I 37— 
6 .1 o - 

.33 

.o1 

17.27— .o7 
8.37— .13 
1198— .o6 
8 49— .o6 
11.83- .2o 
VOO........ 
7 .o 6 - .o6 
9.27— .o2 
9 9o— .o9 
13 37— .o1 
3.82 - o9 
5.59— .o6 
7 36— .o7 
1184+ .o1 
9.77+ .o1 
8 2 o - .o8 

11 6o 
6 o3 
1o 56 
12 61 

6 17 
7.37 
8 74 
9 33 
9 97 
5 33 
4 94 
156 

6 78 
5 13 
9 OO 
4.o4 

13 38 
7 o6 
6.15 
7 84 
3 73 
379 

18 2o 
13 49 
7 43 
1o 85 
8 79 
1192 
9 64 
9.61 
IO o6 
3 39 
6.16 
IO 75 
6 96 
5 25 

 l l 54 
6.o1 
1o 55 
12.58 

6 14 
7 36 
867 
9 31 
992 
5 31 
4 91 
152 

673 
5.1o 
8 91 
4.oo 

13 36 
7.o4 
6 12 
7 73 
3.72 
3.78 

11.6o- .o5 
6 o 3 - .o6 
1o.55— IO 
1261+ .o1 

6 17— .o4 
7 37........ 
8 71— l l 
9.33— .o3 
9 95— .o7 
5 .3 3 - .o6 
4 94— .o6 
1 .5 2 - .o5 

6 7 8 - 
5 13 
8 9 7 - 
4.o2- 

.o5 

18 IO 
13.43 
7 39 
IO 8o 
875 
119o 
9 59 
9 61 
1o.o2 
337 
6 IS 
1o 65 
6 9o 
5 17 

1336— .o1 
7 o 6 - .o4 
6 14— .o3 
7 7 3 - .12 
3 .7 3 - .o3 
3.79— .o2 

18.15—.14 
13.49— . ll 
7.43— .o5 
IO 85— .o9 
8 79— .o7 
1192— .o1 
9 64— .o3 
961 
1o.o6— .o5 
3 39— .o2 
6.15— .o4 
IO 75— .o3 
6 9o— .14 
5 19— .o9 

.o3 

.18 

8 96— OI 
19 34 . 
5 54— .o5 
19 2o— .16 

1o.84 + .o1 
VOO........ 
1o 64+ .o3 
IO o8— .o4 
7 o9— .o3 
9 77— OS 

3 87 . ... 
17 79+ OI 
19 34........ 
8 36— OI 
7 64— .o2 
4.97— .o3 
17 35— 18 
9 22— .o7 
7 4o— .o7 
3 52— .o5 
3.18........ 

13 94— o6 
8 34— o6 
1o 61— .o1 
14 78— .12 
668 
o6 

6 91— .o3 
12 3o— .1o 

9 99— .o8 
12.75— .o7 

8 o6— .o5 
IV 24— .o2 
3.5o— OI 

IO 2 8 - .o8 
9 16+ OI 
1o 14+ OI 
9.82— .o4 

8.o2— .o4 
7 OI— .o6 
1o.44— .o5 

1o.27— .o9 
8 17— .o8 
14.3o— .o1 
11.62- .o3 
12 5 8 - .24 
15.73+ .o1 
12.98— . l l 

WIS 
V K __________ 
Copyright by The Associated Press. 

D ividends 

Thursday D IV ID E N D S D E C LA R E D 

Jam esburyCorp 
M ooreM cC rm ck x 3 for 2 stock sp lit. 

,Pa- 
.. riod Rata 
STOCK 
.. 
5opc 

Stk.of pay record abit 

5-13 
5 1 t i 
5 28 

ITIAL 
Jam esburyCpn 
.. 
.1o 
5-13 t i 
M orM cC rm ckn x 
.225 xce co rd & payable date unannounced. 
IN C R E A S E D 
Carson P irle 
FstConn Bncp 
G race.W R 
HackensackW tr 
Hom eBenefical ivyC orp 
M ooreM cC rm ck 
R iteAidC orp 
U niversal Foods 

.3o 
48 
.45 
.75 
.32 
.o75 
.3375 
.o8 
28 

United Keno 

Carson P irle 

R ainier Co 

A M A X In c 
Brooks Fash ion A 
C a rolina F re ight 
(centi Soya 
Colonial Fund 
C om m clM etals 
Compo Indust 
Consol C apR lty 
Conli Connector 
Del Labs 
Domain Indust 
E nvirotechCp 
Grow Chemical 
H atteras Incom 
La B argelnc 
Levi Strauss 
L ib e rty N tlB k tT 
M ercantiieS trs 
O ra n g e lR o ckU t 
Putnam Inc Fd 
Ret I an ce Un Iv 
SterndentCorp 
Titan Group 
U S LIF E IncF d 

IN TER IM 
.. 
.15 
EXTRA 
.. 
.1o 
RESUMED 
.o7 
REGULAR 
O 
.4375 

 t i 
4 18 
5-11 
513 
52o 
6 1 
5-1 
4 18 
4-26 

 t l 5 
4-25 
6 IO t i 
61o 
7 18 
5 28 
5 2 
5 IO 

6 3 t2 9 

4-18 
4 29 

415 
5 1 

NEW YORK 
N EW YO RK (A P ) —The follow ing is a lis t of the m ost active stocks based on the dollar volum e. 
The total is based on the median price of the stock traded m ultip lie d by the shares traded. 
Name 
Tot ($1ooo) Sales(hds)Last 
BM ............................... $81,733 
296o 276*4 
Gen M oto rs....................$39,751 
5922 67V* 
Sears Roeb......................$38,538 
6532 58'* 
A m TT ............................ $36,991 
5895 62'* 
Ba My M f g ......................$33,835 
14o98 19+8 
Ford,M ot..........................$31,298 
5796 54*8 
BabCOkWil......................$28,665 
7257 4o+8 
East K odak....................$24,492 
3569 68’* 
Westgh E l........................$22,777 
12148 18+8 
' 
El 
Gen E le c .. 
$22,576 4631 
49'„ 

NEW YO RK (A P ) — The follow ing list shows the Am erican Stock 
Exchange stocks and w a rrants that have gone up the most and down the most in the past week based on percent of change regardlessof volum e. 
No securities tra d in g below $2 are inc! uded 
Net and percentagechangesarethe difference between last week's closing price and this week's closing price. 
UPS 
L a st 
Chg 
P. t. 
93* 
4- 2+* 
Up 
38.9 
3V4 
+ 
+* 
Up 
23 8 
6+4 
+ 
I 
Up 
19.o 
1o+4 
+ 
1+* 
Up 
18.8 
21* 
+ 
+* up 
17.6 
6o+4 
+ 8+* 
Up 
16 I 
234 
+ 
I * up 
15.8 
5*» 
+ 
3/4 up 
15.4 
334 
+ 
Va 
Up 
15.4 
7+* 
+ 
I up 
15.1 
19+8 
+ 
2 Va 
Up 
15.o 
243A 
+ 
3'/e up 
14.5 
3 
+ 
+* 
Up 
14.3 
2+» 
+ 
Va 
Up 
13.3 
53* 
+ 
+* up 
13.2 
5+* 
+ 
+* 
Up 
13.2 
3'/4 
+ 
+* 
Up 
13.o 
6 '* 
+ 
Va 
Up 
13.o 
44+* 
+ 
5 up 
12.7 
2'/4 
+ 
Va 
Up 
125 
7 
+ 
Va 
Up 
12 o 
3+S 
+ 
+* up 
11.5 
6+* 
+ 
+* 
Up 
11.4 
12’* 
+ 
Via 
Up l l I 
15'* 
+ 
IV* up 
11.o 
(OWNS 
Last 
S t 
Pct. 
15'/* 
OH 19.7 
6' j 
1+8 
OH 14.8 
4 '* 
+ 4 
Off 
14.3 
2V* 
+* 
Off 
14.3 
397b 
6+8 
Otf 13.8 
2 '* 
+* 
Off 13.o 
2+* 
+* 
Off 
12.5 
2** 
+* 
Off 12.5 
6+i 
7* 
OH 12.3 
23* 
+* 
OH 12.o 
6 
3/4 
Off 
11.1 
13 
I* * 
Otf 
11.1 
25 
3 
Off 
1o.7 
3' b 
+a 
OH 
1o.7 
2+8 
Va 
Off 
1o.5 
12’* 
1+8 
Off 
1o.2 
2 '* 
Va 
Off 
1o.o 
4 '* 
Va 
Otf 
1o,o 
2V* 
Va 
OH 1o.o 
2’/4 
Va 
Off 
1o.o 
57* 
Va 
Oft 
9.6 
5 Va 
+* 
Off 
96 
SVa 
+* 
Otf 
9.6 
7+a _ a,a 
Otf 
9 5 
2+* 
Va 
O ft 
9.5 

 nam e 
Blessings 
Am Israeli 
C larostat 
IntSeawy Tr 
Genge Inc 
EasonOil Co 
F rontA w t 
Adam s Rus 
Viatech Inc 
Topps Gum 
Biney Smith 
V erm ntA m 
Treadw y Co 
TenneyEng 
Lundy Elec 
Staffd Lowd 
Capitol Fd 
W rather Cp 
Ohio Brass 
Comrce Grp 
GtBas Pet 
Barth Spen 
Nat D isribt 
Compo Ind 
Salem Corp ^ 

Name 
Cavitron 
Lafay Radio 
K itM fg Co 
W adell Eq 
H ouOilM 
U niv Cigar 
Capital Res 
F a irm n t Ch 
D ynellElec 
S chiller Ind 
Cameo Inc 
O Sullivan 
IntSys Cont 
Spencer Cos 
Cosco Inc 
Cook md 
A legA 87wt 
A M A X w t 
Rep Housng 
SMD md 
Bertea Corp 
Cooper Jarr 
Un Invest instruSys pf 
PresReal 
B waders 

AMERICAN 

NEW YORK (A P ) —The follow ing is a lis t of the most active stocks based on the d o lla r volume. 
The total is based on the m edian price of the stock traded m u ltip lie d by the shares traded. 
Name 
Tot($1ooo) Sales(hds)Last 
Kaiser In d ........................$37,273 22253 W a 
H ouOilM ...................... $23,835 
5527 39V* 
Husky O il........................ $5,899 
2497 23*8 
Syntex Corp........................$4,237 
2322 18V2 
Asamera O ..................... $3,73o 
3o45 12V» 
Carnation ........................ $3,126 
454 67Vx 
Dome P e tri..................... $2,749 
681 4o*4 
Kewanee In ..................... $2,165 
533 4o*4 
Gent E x p lo r........................$2,117 
1473 14*8 
G tB a ' P e t....................... $2,o39 3o22 
7 

S.A. Livestock 

F E D E R A L S T A Tc 
M A R K E T NEWS SERVICE 

CATTLE AN D CALVES: Receipts this week were estim oted of 3,7oo and com ­ pares with 4,o64 lost week and 3,848 last year. 
C O M P A R E D 
TO 
LA S T 
W E E K : 
Slaughter calves and y e a rlin g s in too short supply to adequately test tra d e , few sales fu lly steady. Slaughter cows m ostly SO cents h ig h e r, in sta n ce s SI h ig h e r. S la u g h te r b u lls m o s tly $1-2 lower, but not well tested on a dav to day basis. Feeder steers and bulls active thro ughout to broad outle ts and v e ry good demand, SI 2 higher w ith some thin m ostly Good 4oo lbs. and lighter up as m u ch os Si. F ee der h e ife rs $1-1.5o higher, instances $2 higher. Supply this week about IO per cent slaughter cows, w ith balance largely Good and Choice 
3oo-5oo lb. feeder coffle, w ith num erous lots steers and bulls weighing over 5oo lbs. noted in the run w ith an increased volum e heifers weigting 5oo-6oo lbs. from other recent weeks. 
S L A U G H T E R 
C A L V E S 
A N D 
Y E A R LIN G S : M ostly Good, occasional 
Choice 4oo-/oo lbs. S32 34, few $34.25-35. 
Standard and low-Good S28.25-31.75. 
S L A U G H T E R 
C O W S: 
U t ilit y 
2-3 
$25.25 29, fe w $29.25 e a r ly . C u tte r 
$22.25-27.75, late $23.75 and above, w ith some high dressing e a rly $27.5o-28.25. 
Canner and low-Cutter S2o-23.75. 
SLAUGHTER BU LLS: Yield qrade 12 
1,ooo 1,6oo lbs. $31.75-34.75, few high dressing 1.4oo-1,6oo lbs. $35-35.75, few indicating a low-boning percentage 
$28-3o.5o. 
FE E D E R STET RS AN D B U LLS : Late sales, C h o ice 225-3oo lbs. $46-49.5o: 
3oo-5oo lbs. $43-46, fe w $46.25-47.25, 
5oo 625 lbs. $39.25-43.25 Good and Choice 
3oo-5oo lbs. $41-44, m ostly S42 and above w ith som e lots $44.25-45. 5oo 625 lbs. 
$38-41, few $41.25-42.5o. M o s tly Good 
2oo-3oo lbs. $38.75-41; 3oo-4oo lbs. $38-41; 
4oo 5oo lbs. $37.75 4o.75, few $41; 5oo 6oo lbs. $36.5o-4o; 6oo 7oo lbs. $34.75-38 and 
7oo-1,ooo lbs. $33.5o-36.5o, few $37. Stan­ d a rd a n d lo w -G o o d 
3oo-6oo lb s . 
$32.25-27.25 and 65o-1,ooo lbs. $3o-33.75. 
F E E D E R H E IF E R S . 
L a te s a le s , 
Choice 25o-525 lbs. $34.75-36.5o; Good and 
Choice 4oo-6oo lbs. 534-35, few $35.25; m ostly Good 2oo 3oo lbs. $32.25 34.25; 
3oo 5oo lbs. $33 25-34.75, some thin kinds 
$35-35.25 and 5oo-6oo lbs. $31.75-34, few 
$34 25. 6oo-65o lbs. $3o.25 33.75. Good few 
Choice suitable for replacem ent 35o-47o lb s. $33.75-36.75, fe w 
2oo-34o lb s. 
$33.25-35.5o, sm all lot Choice 2oo lbs. $37. 
Good 475 6oo lb. y e a rlin g rep la ce m e n t heifers $29-31.75, lot Good and Choice 615 lb. crossbreds $37.75. 
OTHERS: Few m ostly Good cow and calf pairs $232-281 per pair. 
HOGS: 
Receipts th is week 85o. last week 786 and last year 483 
CO M PAR ED TO LAST W E E K : B a r­ rows and gilts 5o-75 cents low er, m ostly 
5o cents lower and sows firm to 25 cents higher. 
BA R R O W S A N D G IL T S : 
U .S 
1-2 
21o-23o lbs. on Monday $36. 1-3 2oo-24o lbs. $35.5o-36, on Tuesdays sales same weights 
$35.75-36.25. 
2-3 
19o-25o lbs. 
$35-35.5o. 
SOWS: U S. 1-3 3oo 4oo lbs 
$31-33. 
4oo-6oo lbs. $3o-31, few near 425 lbs. on 
Tuesday $31.25. 

Amarillo Livestock 

A M A R IL L O , Tex. (A P ) — L a te week carlot dem and for steer and heife r car casses lig h t. L im ite d sales steer beef steady to VOO low er, heifer beef steady to 
5o lower, but h a rd ly enough any class sold to adequately establish price trends. 
Most packers re p u te d very lim ite d in te r­ est from a ll areas and several m eat in ­ terest nationw ide closed due to Good F ri day holiday 
Steer beet choice 3 5oo 9oo lbs. 58 oo, choice 4, 6oo 9oo lbs 54 oo 
H e ifer beef: 

Treasu ry Bonds' 

NEW YORK ( A P ) — Over the Counter 
U S G overnm ent Treasury bonds, weekly , high, low and closing asked prices, the net change from the prevous week's closing asked price and yield. 
Rate M a tu rity High Low 
LastChaYield 
7+sApr 77n IOO 6 IOO 5 IOO 5 — .2 
4 o9 
6'8 M ay 77n IOO 8 IOO 7 1oo.8 ........ 4 OI 
9 
M a y 77n IOO 151oo 141oo 14— .2 
4.o4 
6*+M ay 77n IOO 1o1oo 1o1oo. IO— .1 
4.31 
6'+ J un 77n IOO 161oo 161oo 16 
... 4.11 
7V jJul Tin 1oo 3o1oo 291oo 29— .1 
4.41 
7*xAug 77n 1o1 41o1.3 1o1 3 — .2 
4 48 
8>/4Aug 77n 1o1.131o1.121o1.12—.1 
4 55 
8+8Sep 77n TOI .221o1 211o1 21— 2 
4.74 
7>/jOct 77n 1o1.141o1 141o1.14........ 4 82 
7+xNov 77n 1o1211o1.211o1.21........ 4 88 
6*8Nov 
77n 
1o1 
1o1 
IDI - . 1 
5 o1 
7'+ Dec 77n 1o1.161o1 161o1 16— .1 
5 IO 
6*8 Jan 7Sn 1oo 291oo 291oo 29........ 5.21 
6'/4Feb 78n IOO 261oo 251oo 26........ 5.26 
8 
Fee 78n 1o2.121o2.111o2.12........ 5 22 
6* iM a r 7Sn 1o1.111o1. 1o1o1.11........ 5.31 
6V jA pr 7Sn 1o1.4 1o1.3 1oV4 ........ 5 38 
7 '8M ay78 n 1o1241oV211oV21— .3 
5 48 
7+»May 78n 1o2.171o2 161o2.16— .1 
5.49 
7>8May78n 1o1 241o1 241o1.24— .1 
5.51 
6*»Jun 7Sn 1o1.171o1 161o1.17........ 5 56 
6*bJuI 7Sn 1o1.181o1.171o1.18 
5 62 
7*tsAug 7Sn 1o2.171o2 161o2.17 + .I 
5-65 
8+4Aug 78n 1o3.311o3 3o1o3 31........5 65 
6*»Aug 7Sn 1o1.181o1 181o118 
. 
5.67 
6' 4Sep 78n 1o1.241o1 231o1.24+ .1 
5.71 
5?oOct 78n IOO 5 IOO 4 IOO 5 + .1 
5.77 
6 
NOV 7Sn 1oo.81oo 7 IOO 8 — .1 
5 83 
5+4NOV 7Sn 99 3o 99 29 99 3o+ .1 
5.79 
5' 4Dec 
7Sn 
99 
99 
99 .......... 5.87 
8' sDec 78n 1o3.221o3.211o3.22+ .1 
5 84 
5+8Jan 79n 99 3o 99 29 99 3o— .1 
5 91 
7 
Feb 79n 1o1.281o1.261o1.27— .2 
5.93 
5+fcFeb 79n 99 28 99 27 99.27— .1 
5 96 
6 
M a r 79n IOO 2 1oo 1 1oo.2 + .1 
5 97 
77/«May79n 1o3 2o1o3.191o3.2o+ .1 
6 o1 
7+4Jun 79n 1o3.151o3 131o3.15+ .1 
6 o5 
6V iAug 79n IOO 81oo 6 1oo.8 + .3 
6 14 
67/aAug 79n 1o1 181o1 151o1.18 + .2 
6.17 
B'/?Sep 
7 9iilo5 8 1o5 7 1o5 8 + 
.1 6.17 
6’ iN o v 
79n 
1oo.21oo 
1oo.2 + 
.1 6.22 
6*eNov 79n IOO.311oo.281oo.31 + .3 
6.22 
7 
NOV 79n IQI.241o1.221o1.24 + .2 
6.26 
7' jD e c 79n 
1o3.1 1o2.3o1o3.1 + .2 6.27 
4 
Feb 8o 
94 18 94 16 94 18+ .2 6 11 
6' jFebSOn IOO. 121oo l l IOO 12— .1 
6.35 
7 '/jM a r 8On 1o3 ? 1o3.1 1o3.2 ........ 6.35 
67«M ay 8on 1o1.151o1 131o1.15........ 6.35 
7**Jun 8on 1o3.131o3.111o3.13+ .2 
6 44 
9 
Aug 8on 1o7.151o7.141o7.15+.I 
6 48 
67sSep 
8on 1o2 
IOO 311o1.3 + 
.1 
6.52 
3' jN o v 8o 
91.18 9116 91.18+ .4 6.15 
57'sDec 8on 
97 21 97.18 97.21 + .2 6 6o 
7 
F e b S ln 1o1.181o16 1o1.18+ . l l 6.63 
7+B Feb8ln 1o2.121o2.9 1o2 12+ .2 
6 66 
67/aM ar81n IOO 181oo.161oo.18+ .2 
6.71 
7+*M ay81n 1o2.111o2.8 1o2.11+ .1 
6.71 
7 
Aug 81 
1o2 41o2.4 1o2.4 — ,8 
6.43 
7*feAug Sin 1o3.21o2 3o1o3.2 + .1 
6.8o 
7 
NOV Bin IOO.231oo.2o1oo.23+.2 
6.81 
7 *iN o v Sin 1o3 181o3 161o3.18— .2 
6.83 
6' sFeb 82n 
97.2 
96.31 97.2 + .2 
6.84 
6+*Feb82 
98.22 98 22 
98 22......... 6 7o 
8 
M ay82n 1o4.181o4 161o4.18+ .2 
6 92 
7 
M a y 82n IOO. 111oo 7 1oo.11+ .2 
6.91 
8'/»Aug 82n 
1o5.31o5 
1o5.3 + .3 
6 96 
77'*N ov 82n 1o4.11o3.3o1o4.1 + .1 
7.o3 
8 
Feb 83n 1o4 171o4.141o4 17— .I 
7.o4 
3'4Jun 
78 83 
83.18 83 16 83 18+ .2 
6.53 
7 
NOV 83n 99.18 99.16 99.18........ 7.o9 
7'/xFeb84n IOO 141oo 1o1oo.14+ .1 
7.17, 
61 BAug 84 
97 8 
97 8 
97.8 ........ 6.86 

55 75 56 25 choice 
3 
5oo 7oo lbs 

Philadelphia Options 

Option 
Abbt L May45. 
Abbt L Aug 5o.. 
Abbt L Nov45 
Abbt L Nov5o. 
A lld C Apr 35. 
A lld C A p r4o 

Sales Open 
Net N.Y. 
(1oos) int.H ighLow Last Chg.Close 
IV* 
Vj 
1va 
Va 
8'/* 
4 
A lld C A p r4 5 
652 )o193-161 16 
A lld C Jul4o ................ 
39 344 
4*/* 
4 
74 
■ ~ M 
3 
41 

A lld C Jul45. 
A lld C Oct4o.......... 
A lld C Oct45.......... 
A llisC A p r2o............ 
A llisC A p r25............ 
A llis C A p r3 o ........... 
AllisC Jul2o............ 
AllisC Jut25............ 
AllisC Jul3o............ 
AllisC Oct25.......... 
AllisC 
Oct3o.......... 
A Hess M ay2o........ 
Hess M ay25........ 
H e ssM a y3 o ........ 
Hess 
M ay 35........ 
Hess Aug 25........ 
Hess Aug3o........ 
Hess 
Aug 35........ 
Mess Nov3o........ 
Hess NOV 35........ 
Ashl O Apr25.......... 
Ash I O Apr3o.......... 
Ashl O A p r35.......... 
Ashl O Jut3o.......... 
Ashl O JUI35............ 
Ashl O O ct3o........ 
Ashl O Oct35........ 
B luebl Ju l3 o ............. 
Bluebl Oct25.......... 
Bluebl O ct3o.......... 
Bois C M a y 3 o ... 
Bois C M a y3 5 ........ 
Bois C Aug 3o.......... 
Bois C NOV3o.......... 
B ra n if A p r IO........... 
B ra n if A p r 15. 

3 
1o5 

5o4 
14 
252 
17 
57o 

I 
—716 
Va..... 
V a — 
'/• 
Va— 
*k 
7*»— 
V* 
3'/*.......... 
'/*...... 
4'/*— 
+% 

43V„ 
43'/* 
43'/4 
43'/4 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
43 
27 *k 
27** 
27** 
27** 
27** 
27** 
27** 
27** 
31 Va 
31'/a 
31V* 

1**15-1615-16—o-16 
4** 4** 
4 **+ 
>/4 
2** 2 
2 — +* 
7** 7Vj V/7— Va 
2*4 
2 
2 **+ 
Va 
111 18373-161 161-16— 1-16 
I 
33 Via 
Via 
Via— 3ia 
78 1242 
3Va 3 
3+*+ 
’/• 
167 
986 I+* 
*4 
+*— Va 
42 
369 4Va 
3** 
4 
+ +* 
65 595 
I **17-16 Via.......... 
5 
86 IO** 1o+* 1o+*+ 87* 
91 
553 6 '* 
5** 
6 '/j+ ** 
263 1669115 161'/4l7/* + 
+* 
259 48557 16 
'7.5 16.......... 
31Va 
48 
7o9 Via 
6Va 
7V*+ Va 31V* 
188 
1352 3 
2'/a 
3 
+ +* 
171 327815-16 
+413-16—I 16 
133 
8oo 3*4 
Via 
3*4+ +* 
98 
87o I* * 
Va 
1 **+ Vs 
17 
18 8 
8 
8 
— *4 
37 
114 3 
2*4 
2*4— Va 
4o 
8931-161 161-16........... 
9 
173 
3'/4 3V» 3 '* ............ 
94 1o8815-16 
Va 
Va—3-16 
21 
62 4 
3*4 
37/* + 
>/4 
87 
6o5 1+* I 
I 
— Va 
4o 
I 13 1613 16— Va 
5 
4V» 4'/* 4,/«— 
’/* 
39 
I* * I* * I* * — 
'/* 
15 2792 
2+*21 
1621 -16— 7-16 
2 186o3 163 163-16— 
'/* 
5 
996 3’/* 
3'/* 
3'/*— 
'/* 
I 
222 4 
4 
4 
+ Va 
348 6723 
<*1 161-16— I 16 
3 45261-161-161-16 

2o 
4 
3o 

B ra n if J u ? l6 . .. .. . 
39o' 6914" 
'/s5-165-16—3-16 
B ra n if Ju l 15 
B ranif O ctlO .......... 
C ty In A p r l5 ......... 
Cty In JullO ............ 
C ty ln J u h 5 ........... 
Cty In OctlO 

34 2335 
V»1 16 
>/* + 1-16 
423 4748 
7*11-16 
*4— 
'/* 
7 34121 161 161 16............ 
13 
439 
4 
3+4 3*4— 
Va 
138 5418 
Vj5 16 
+*— 1 
16 
6 
58 
4'/* 4 
4 
Cty In O ctlS 
173 228513 16 7-16 

O 
Q 
Q 

Q 
Q 

Q 
Q 
O 

Q 
M 
S 
Q 
Q 
Q 
Q 

O 
Q 
S 
M 

.o8 
.OS 
.175 
. l l 
.15 
.o8 
.1684 
.125 
.o9 
.125 
.1o 
.o8 
.12 
.o3 
.2o 
.425 
.2o 
.34 
.155 
.16 
.1o 
.o3 
.o8 

5-1o 
4-22 
4 22 
4 22 
4-18 
4-18 
52 
4-15 
417 
527 
5 13 
4-21 
4 19 
4-15 
4 22 
48 
42o 
531 
418 
4 7 
4 2o 
5 l l 
4 15 
4-21 

41 
52 
5-6 
5-2o 
5-1o 
429 
5 2o 
4 29 
427 
424 
5 27 
52 
429 
4 29 
5 13 
7 1 
5 2 
6 15 
5-1 
4 2o 
54 
5-25 
5 IO 
5 5 

C ash Grain 

FORT WORTH (A P ) — Wheat export 
2.77'/a 3 26'/j. Y e llo w com 
2.64'/* 2.69^*. 
Oats 2.o6'/a-2.o9'/a. Y ellow sorghum 4.22 
4.37. 

HOUSTON (A P ) — Sorghum No. 2 ye! low : export 4 2o 4.28, ra il dom estic 4.2o- 
4.25, tru c k dom estic 4.2o-4.25. 
Corn No 2 yellow : export 2.67V4-2.68V4, ra il dom estic 2.65-2.67, tru c k dom estic 
2.642 7o. 

KANSAS C IT Y (A P ) — Wheat 68 cars: o ff Vac to up 3+*c; No 2 hard 2.5o*4- 
2.68' 4n; No 3 2.57'/a 2.62*i; No 2 red w heat 2.39 2.51n; No 3 2.37-2.5o1. 

C lo ro x A p r IO. 
C lo ro x A p r IS .. .. 
Clorox 
J u llO ..... 
C lo ro x Ju l IS ........ 
Clorox O ctlO ........ 
Clorox Oct 15........ 
Comsat A p r3o ...., 
Comsat A p r35 .... 
Comsat Jut 25........ 
Comsat Jul3o........ 
C om sat J u l3 5 ------ 
Comsat Jul4o.......... 
Comsat Oct3o........ 
Comsat O ct35------- 
Comsat Ocf4o........ 
Cont O A p r35.......... 
Cont O A p r4 o ......... 
Cont O Jul35.. . . 
Cont O J u l4 o ........... 
Cont O Qct35.......... 
Cont O O ct4o......... 
Dressr Apr35.......... 
Dressr A pr 4o.......... 
D ressr A p r45........... 
Dressr Jul 35.......... 
D r e w Ju 14o.......... 
Dressr Jul45.......... 
Dressr Oct4o........ 
Dressr Oct45.......... 
Duk Pw 
Jul 2o----- 
D uk P w O ct2 o ......... 
Eas Gs Apr 25........ 
Eas Gs A p r3o......... gas Gs Jul 25.......... 
Eas Gs Jul3o.......... 
Eas Gs Oct25........ 
Eas GS Oct3o.......... 
Engl M Apr3o........ 
Engl M A p r35 .. . . . 
Engl M Jul35........... 
Engl M Oct35------ 
F irstn May2o . . . . 
F irs tn M a y2 5 ........... 
F irstn Aug2o........ 
F irstn 
Nov2o........ 
F irs tn N o v 25......... 
G A F Apr IO.......... 
G A F A p r 15........... 
G A F 
JullO .......... 
G A F J u llS ............ 
G A F OctlO........ 
G A F O ct 15......... 
GeoPac Apr3o........ 
Geo Pac A p r 35......... 
GeoPac A pr29+*... 
GeoPac Apr34+*.. 
GeoPac JulSO........ 
GeoPac 
Juf35........ 
G eoPac JuMO........ 
GeoPac JuI39'/4... 
G eoPac O c t3 5 ... 
How J n A p rlO ......... 
How Jn 
JullO .......... 
How Jn Juh5........ 
How J n O c tlO ......... 
How Jn O c tlS ......... 
Inexco M ay 15........ in e x c o M a v 2 o ......... 

1o1 
4879-165-167-16— 

31 Va 
31 Va 
31 Va 
31 Vi 
327* 
327* 
327* 
327* 
327* 
327* 
327* 
2 8 '* 
28'* 
28 V* 
317* 
317* 
317* 
317* 
9 V* 
Via 
9 Va 
9 Va 
Via 
13** 
13** 
13** 
13** 
13** 
1o+* 
15 53181 161-161 16........... 
1o+* 
47 
47415 16 
7*15-16— '/* 
72 3585 
>/*l 161-16— 1-16 
2o8 
6o115-16 I'/* 
Via— 1-16 
43 13543-16 
V* 
282 586 
5'/4 
37* 
31871361 
7*3-16 
9 
59 1o>/4 
Via 
97 
567 
5** 4>/i 

'he— I 16 
4'/b— I '/* 
Va— l l 16 
1 Va— 11 
_ 
4**— l l * 
393 1619 
2V417 1617 16— 15 1634 
92 
36 +* 
Vi 
Va— V* 
34 
2o 
151 6+* 
47* 5+*— VU 
181 
65o 3+S 
Via V ia - 7* 
7o 
99 
1V415 1615 16—5 16 
227 118o9-16 
'74 
Va—5-16 
3o 231o1 161 161 16........... 
214 879 
1+4 l 'A l l l 16+1 16 
48 17437 16 
'A5-16— 1-16 
57 
527 
2'/4 
2 
2'/4— 
'/* 
6o 
515 
7*9 169 16—5 16 
2 
12 ST* 
S'ia 5'/*— 7* 
23 
233 %* 
Va 
+*— +4 
5 
3561 161 161-16— 
7* 
‘ 
4+4— Via 
2 — +* 
Va— Mi 
3+*+ 
Va 
IV*— I IG 

1o+* 
1o+* 
1o+* 
1o+* 
34 
34 
34 
34 

12 
46 
16 
32a 

 s 
2 
'/* 
3+* 
I Mi 

4+4 
I'/* 
+* 
2+4 
_ 
+4 
5311-1611-1611 16+1-16 
7 
62 
I 15 1615 16.................... 
4 
555 2'/4 2 
2'/4.................. 
33 
656 
V*1 -161-16— 1-16 
17 
238 Via 3 
3 
— 
Va 
22 93413-16 +* 
%*— 
Va 
25 
61 37* 3'/4 3V4— 
'4 
38 432 I+* I'/* 
I'/*—5-16 
3 
23 
6'/* 6 V* 
6'/*— 
'/* 
67 
3o7 
I'/i 
I 17-16-1 16 
28 
295 
2’/4 2 21 16—3 16 
3o 
9o 2+4 2V* 2 Vt— 
Va 
95 
11o 
** 
'/* 
**+1-16 
8 
6981 161-161 16........... 
2 
122 I 
I 
1 
............ 
132 
177 I* * 
1V415 16—5 16 
9 
2425 165 165 16........... 
35 
61 
IT* 
+4 
+4— I'/* 
4 21761-161 161-16........... 
17 
28821 16 1+4 
IT*— 
'A 
56 21o3 
V* 
'/* 
Vie— 1-16 
17 
61 
2 
IT* 2 
— 
'A 
39 
8475-16 
Va 
Va........... 
5 
79 26* 2** 2**— IT* 
4 
1411 161 141-16— 116 
15 
34 3'A 2+4 27*— 2Vi 
89 421 
V* 
'A 
V*— I 16 
19 
19 
3'A 
2+4 
3 
— l'A 
74 
34315 16 
'A 
7*.......... 
2 
27 
'A1-161-16..................... 
I 
372 
+4 
+* 
+*........... 
• 
1o7 
1+419 161916 + 116 
272 24o9 
7*1-161-16— 1-16 
199 23o911 16 
>A9 16—1-16 
37 2774 
7*1-16 
'A .......... 
191 27o5 
I 13 1615 16......... 
49 11693 163 163 16— 1-16 
293 
461 5'A 3+4 4 
— Via 
159o 4415 .1V»11 J£13-16—** 

34 
34 
34 
35'A 
35'A 
35'A 
35 Va 
35'A 
35'A 
4o'A 
4o'A 
4o'A 
4o'A 
4o'A 
4o'A 
4o'A 
4o'A 
2o'A 
2o'A 
27'A 
27'A 
27'A 
27'A 
27’A 
27'A 
36+* 
36+* 
36+* 
36+* 
2o+* 
2o+* 
2o+* 
2o+* 
2o+* 
11'A 
11'A 
IV A 
11'A 
11'A 
11'A 
32'A 
32'A 
32'A 
32'A 
32'A 
32'A 
32Va 
32'A 
32'A 
97* 
97* 
97* 
Via 
97* 
19 
19 

 inexco May25 
145 2318 
Va 
Va 
'A— 
'/• iv 
Inexco A u g l5 
136 
494 5*» 
4'A 4'A— 
I 19 
Inexco Aug2o .......... 
72o 4138 
2**19 16 I* * — I 
19 
Inexco 
Aug 25 ........... 
611 329115 16 
>A9 16— 
Va 
19 
Inexco NOVIS 
82 
236 6+* 5 
5'/#— 
I 19 
Inexco NOV 2o .......... 
329 
1718 3'A 
2+* 2'A— 
+4 19 
Inexco N O V25... . . 
575 
232o17 1615 161 
—7-16 
19 
Joy M ay45 
27 233 3'A 
2 
2'A— 
7* 46 
Joy May5o .............. 
33 
28413 16 
Va 
+»— 
'A 
46 
Joy Aug45 ................ 
32 
2o8 4+* 
3** 3**— 
Va 46 
Joy Aug5o................ 
32 
93 IT* 
VA l'A — 
Va 46 
Joy Nov4o................ l l 
5 9+* 8'A 8'A .... 
46 
Joy NOV45 ................ 
4o 
71 5+4 
4'A 4+S— IV* 46 
Joy Nov5o................ 
45 
81 2+4 
1+4 
1+4— VA 46 
La Lnd M ay2 5 .... 
133 
5o4 2** 
2'A 2+*— 
'A 27'A 
La Lnd M ay3o.......... 
162 62235 16 
Va 
Va— 1-16 
27'A 
La Lnd Aug25 ........ 
27 
417 3'A 
3 
3 '* + 
'A 27Va 
La L n d A u g 3 o ... 
183 299413-1611 1611 16— 1 16 
27'A 
La Lnd NOV25........ 
35 
94 3+4 
3'A 
3 'A + 
'A 27'A 
La L n d N o v 3 o .. . 
167 
762 l'A 
VA13-16 + 1-16 
27'A 
M a rio t M ay IO 
43 
977-163 163 
16— 
+* 
9** 
M a rio t 
M ay 15...... 
4 
291 161 161-16........... 
9** 
M a rio t M ay9+4.. . 
17 
691 +4 
Va 
Va— 
Va 
9** 
M a rio t M a y U * * .. 
4 31461 161 161 16........... 
9*y 
M a rio t Aug IO 
176 
147 I 
*i> 
**— 
Va 
9** 
M a rio t Aug9+* 
23 137511 16 Va 
+4—7 16 
9+* 
M a rio t Aug 14**.. 
. 
15 2677 
'A3 163 16— 1-16 
9+* 
M a rio t N o vlO .. . 
219 
33617 1611 1611 16—5 16 9** 
M a rio t NOV9+4..... 
27 
651 
1+4 
VA 
I'/a—3-16 
9** 
M a rio t NOV 14+b... 
3 
397 Va 
Va 
Va— 1-16 
9** 
Mc Der M a y4 5 ... 
48o 
392 9 
7'A 
87A + 
Va 54'* 
Mc Der M ay5o... 
13o4 1788 4+* 
2** 
4 'A + VA 54V* 
Mc Der Aug45.. . . 
92 
323 9'A 
8 '* 
9 'A + 1+4 54'A 
Mc Der Aug5 o .... 
432 113o 5'A 
37* 
5 '* + +* 54'* 
Mc Der inov45.. .. 
6 
3o 97* 
9'A 
97* + 1+* 54'* 
Mc Der Nov5o.. . . 
246 363 6+* 5 
6 'A + 
Va 54'* 
N L Ind M ay2o.. . . 
4 
331 1+4 
1+4 
1+4+ 
Va 2VA 
N L In d M a y 2 5 .. .. 
15 
5o7 
'A l 161-16............ 
21>A 
N L ln d A u g 2 o .. 
IO 
82113 I61+A113-16—3-16 21'A 
N L Ind Aug25........ 
IO 
71o +* 
+* 
+»........... 
21'A 
NL Ind NOV2o........ 
4 
SO 2'A 
2 
2'A— 
Va 21 Va 
NL Ind 
NOV25 ...... 
24 3459 16 
'A 
'A— )1 6 2VA 
P P G May5o ........ 
37 
47 4 
3+* 
3'A— 3+* 53'A 
P P G May55 
' 
49 
127 l'A 
Va 
I 
— Va 
53'A 
P P G May6o 
I 
182 'A 
'A 
Ma— I 16 
53'A 
P P G Aug55 ......... 
29 
1o1 2+4 
2'A 
2'A— 
Va 53'A 
P P G Aug6o .......... 
3 
43 I 13 16 
7 * - 
+* 
53'A 
P P G NOV 5o .......... 
3 
5 7 
7 
7 
— 
Va 53'A 
Pttstn M ay3o.......... 
77 
187 4'A 
3+* 
4'A— Va 33+4 
Pttstn M ay35 .......... 
352 232213-16 
**13 16—5 16 33+4 
P fts tn M a y 4o......... 
4o 7831 161 
161 16— 1-16 33+4 
P tts tn M ay 34+ 8... 
I l l 
95615-16 
Va 
I 
—5-16 
33+4 
P tts tn M a y3 9 'A 
27 16593-161 161 
16........... 
33+4 
P ttstn Aug 3o........... 
98 
178 5 
4+* 47*— 
Va 33+4 
P ttstn Aug35.......... 
119 139o 2 
1+* 
I**— 
+% 33+4 
Pttstn Aug 4o............ 
18 
1135 
Va 
+* 
+*—3-16 33+4 
Pttstn Aug i m . . . . 
I 
386 
2'A 2'A 
2'A— Va 33+4 
Pttstn A u g 3 9 'A .... 
32 59o 
+4 
'/a ll 16— Va 33+4 
P ttstn NOV3o.......... 
2 
29 5+4 
5+4 
5+4— IV* 33+4 
Pttstn NOV 35.......... 
12o 
497 2+4 
2 
2 
— 
+4 33+4 
Pttstn NOV4o .............. 
68 438 
VA 
** 
**— 
+* 33+4 
Scot P Apr 15.......... 
4 
13 2 
1+4 
2 
— 
Va 
17'A 
Scot P J u ll5 
4 
7o 2'A 2 
2'A— 
** 
17'A 
Scot P 
JUI2o 
41 
99o5 163 16 
Va—1-16 
17'A 
Scot P Oct 15........ 
8 
32 
27* 2+4 
27*+ 
'A 17'A 
Scot P O c t2o......... 
25 
3469 167-16 
Va— 
Va 
17'A 
SeabCL Jul35.......... 
13 
4' 
2'A 
IT* IT*— 
'/* 
36'A 
SeabCL Jul4o 
118 
65 
** 
Va +*............. 
36Va 
SeabCL Oct35 
IO 
3o 
3 '* 
2+4 2+4........... 
36'A 
S e ebC L O ct4o.......... 
36 
5515 1611 16 Va 
36'A 
Sun Co May4o ........ 
5o 
364 
5'A 3+4 5 
+ Via 45 
Sun CO May 45............ 
164 872 
1+* 
** 
VA+7-16 45 
Sun Co May5o ........ 
37 
765 
'A 
'A Va 
45 
Sun CO Aug4o.. .+. 
22 
197 6'A 
5 
6 
+ 
VA 45 
Sun Co A ug45 
161 792 
2**113-162'A + +* 45 
Sun Co Aug 5o ............ 
248 569 
Va 
+* 
+.+5-16 45 
Sun CO NOV45 ........ 
71 
212 
3'A 2'A 
3'A + 
Va 45 
Sun Co NOV5o____ 
23 14o13-16 
I 13-16+ 
Va 45 
T e ld y n A p r68........... 
3 
7o1o1 161 -161-16.... 
54+4 
Teldyn A p r5 3 + *.... 
55 
499 
5'A 1+* 
1+*— 3'A 54+4 
Teldyn A p r5 8 'A .... 
6o4 33o2 
VA 
'A 
'A— 
Va 54+4 
Teldyn Jul55 
1o9 
749 5+4 3 
3 
— 
2+* 54+4 
Teldyn Jul6o 
259 1231 
2+415-16 1+*— 1+* 54+4 
Teldyn Jul68 ............ 
262 
449811-16 
+* 
+*—7 16 54+4 
Teldyn 
Jul7o 
1o8 1263 
Va3 163 16—5 16 
54+4 
Teldyn Jul5 3 + *.... 
2o 
459 67* 
37* 37*— 27* 
54+4 
T e ld yn Jul56'A 
2911861 3+4113-16115-16— 111 1654+4 
Teldyn OctSS 
47 
337 7+* 4** 47*— 2+* 54+4 
Teldyn Oct6o 
187 
623 
4** 
VA 2**— 2'A 54+4 
T e ld yn O ct68 
2oo 212o19-16 
7*15-16— +4 54+4 
T e ld y n O ct7o 
14o 8o7 
VA11-1611-16— +4 
54+4 
Teldyn O ct53+*... 
28 
317 6+4 
5'A 5**— 3 
54+4 
Teldyn O ct58'A ... 
1o8 
781 5+4 
I* * 
3’A— 2'A 54+4 
Trnsam M ay IO ... 
2 
375 3+* 
3** 3**— 
Va 13'A 
T rn s a m M ay 15.. . 
592113343-16 
'A 
'A — 
'A 
13'A 
Trnsam Aug I O . . . 
21 
319 4 
3** 3**— 
+* 13'A 
Trnsam Aug IS .... 
15o 6685 
Va 
+* 
+*— 
'A 
13'A 
Trnsam N o v lO ..., 
I 
9 4 
4 
4 
— 
Va 13'A 
Trnsam 
N ovlS 
367 183213-16 
** 
**—3-16 
13'A 
Un Pac MaySO... l l 
243 2'A 
2 
2'A— 
Va 52+* 
Un Pac M a y5 5 ... 
22 
15o 
Va 
Va Va.. 
52+* 
Un Pac Aug 45....... 
I 
3 
6+4 6+4 6+4— 3+4 52+* 
Un Pac Aug 5o ....... 
6 
74 37* 2+4 37*— 
** 52+* 
Un Pac Aug 55........ 
4 
53 1+* 
I 
I 
— 
'A 52+* 
Un Pac NOV 5o........ 
23 
58 4'A 
3+4 4'A— 
'A 52+* 
Un Pac NOV55 ........ 
27 
64 2 
1+* l+ t— 
'A 52+* 
Va E P A p r 15......... 
5 
46621-161-161-16..... 
14+* 
Va E P 
Jul 15......... 
54 47963 16 
Va 
>*— 1-16 
14+* 
Va 
E P O ctlO 
5 
14 
4'A 4'A 4'A . 
14+* 
Va E P 
O ctl5 ....... 
238 16135-16 
'A 
Va 
14+* 
Wst Un Apr IS 
15 
89 
2+*23 16 2'A— +* 
’ 7+* 
W st Un A p r2o......... 
35 
6oo81-161-161-16..... i7+* 
Wst Un J u ll5 
7 
53 2+* 
2+* 2 + * - 
H 17+* 
W st Un Jul 2o......... 
113 3o513-16 
'A3-16— 1-16 17+* 
Wst Un Oct 15........ 
14 
32 3 
2'A 2'A— 
Va 17+* 
Wst Un 
Oct 2o ........ 
63 12737 16 
Va 
Va—3-16 
17+* 
W lw rth M ay2o 
56 
352 5’A 
5'A 5'A........... 
25+* 
W lw rth M ay25 
192 3626 Via 
Va I 
— 1-16 
25+* 
W lw rth A ug25 
57 147423 1615-1619-16... 
2 5 + */ 
W lw rth NOV2o........ 
I 
7 57* 
57* 57*— 
'A 25+* 
W lw rth N o v25.. 
83 
45323-16115-16115-16— 1-U25+* 
Total volum e 
24,426 
Open interest 
276,776 

3>-4May 85 
78.16 78 16 78 16.......... 6.74 
4'-4May 75-85 
84 4 
8+4 
84.4 
... 
77*M a y 8 6 n 1o3 111o3 6 1o3.9 — .4 
8 
Aug 86n 
1o4.41o4 
1o4.3 — .3 
6 '*N o v 86 
95.22 95.22 95.22— .2 
3'A F eb 9o 
73.1o 73.6 
7 3 .1 o + .2 
8’ xJAay 9o 
1o6.121o6.1o1o6.1o— .2 
4 '* K u9 87 9275.8 
75.8 
75.8 - .4 
4 
Feb88 9373.3o 73.3o 73 3o— .1o 6 69 
6+xFeb 93 
96.24 96.22 96.22— .2 
7.1o 
7'/aAug 88 93 1oo.241oo.221oo.24......... 7.42 
4' sMay 89 94 
73.24 73.22 73.24+ .2 6 73 
3 
Feb 95 
72.26 72.14 72.26+ .8 
5.4o 
7 
M ay 93 98 
98 24 98.22 98.24 ........ 7.12 
3VaNov 98 
72.18 72.14 72.18+ .6 
5.73 
8' aMay 94 99 1o7.8 1o7 6 1o7 6 — .4 
77*F e b 9 5 oo1o1.181o1.161o1.18— .2 
8+xAug 95 oo 1o6.81o6.6 1o6.8 
8 
Aug96 o11o2.281o2.261o2.28— .2 
8'AMay oo o5 1o5.141o5.121o5.14+ .2 7.74 
7+*Febo2 o798.27 98.24 98.27+ .3 
7.73 n — Treasury Notes. 
Prices quoted in dollars ad th irty seconds. Subject to Federal taxes but not to 
State income faxes. 

6.84 
7.38 
7.39 
6 74 
6.62 
7.48 
6 89 

7.74 
7.71 
7.73 
7.71 

Metals 

Selected w o rld gold prices Thursday. 
London: m orning fix in g 
$148.9o, 
$o 3o; afternoon fixin g $148.7o, up $.1o. 
P a ris: afternoon fixin g $<49.56, up $o.51 
F ra n k fu rt: close unavailable. 
Z urich : $148.75 bid up o.5o; $149.5o asked 
Handy 
& Harm an base price. New 
Y o rk : $148.7o up $o IO. 
Engelhard selling price . New Y o rk : 
$149.2o, up $o.1o. 

N EW YO RK 
(AP) — S ilver futures 
Thursday on the New Y o rk Com m odity 
Exchange. 
. .. 
Open 
H ig h . ..L o w .C lo s e .P re y . 
N Y. SILVE R (5,ooo troy oz) 
A p r 
468.oo47o.5o468.oo 475.5o 
47o.oo 
M a y 
473.5o478.oo466.oo 477.oo 
471.8o 
Jul 
477 5o483.5o47o.8o 482.oo 
476.7o 
Sep 
482.6o488.8o475.8o 486.8o 
481.5o 
Dec 
49o.3o495.5o484.oo 494 2o 
488.9o 
Jan 
493.oo497.oo488 OO 496.7o 
491.4o 
M a r 
496.5o5o2.5o491.oo 5o1.7o 
496.4o 
M a y 
5o3.5o5o7.oo496.5o 5o6.7o 
5o1.4o 
Jul 
5o5.8o5o8.oo5o5.oo 511.7o 
5o6.4o 
Sales e stim a te d : 12,ooo. s - s e t t l i n g 

K C Livestock 

KANSAS C ITY (A P ) — Q uotations for 
Friday. Cattle IOO; not enough on o tte r to test prices. 
Hogs 1,ooo. ba rro w s and g ilts 25-5o h ig h e r; 1-3 2oo-25o lb. 36.25-36.75; 233 
2oo 25o lb. 35.75-36.25; 2 3 25o-27o lb. 
35.oo-35.75; sows under 5oo lb. steady to 
5o lower, over 5oo lb. 5o-1.oo h igher; 1-3 
3oo-5oo lb. 31.5o; 5oo-6oo tb. 36.oo. 
Sheep IOO; not enough on ofter to test prices. 
E stim ates fo r M onday: C attle 1,ooo, hogs 2,5oo, sheep SO. 

S.A. Feedlot 

F E D E R A L STATE 
M A R K E T NEWS SERVICE 

D IR E C T S A LE S FOR SOUTH A N D 
SOUTHEAST TE X A S W E E K E N D IN G 
A P R IL 7. 
C O N F IR M E D : 4,9oo. Trade in South and Southeast Texas m o d erate. L a te demand good, w ith good feedlot in q u iry . 
Feedlots rem a in cu rre n t w ith some in ­ terests having only short ted cattle or cattle with less than IOO days feed. Few slaughter steers steady 
E a rlv w e ek's sales slaughter heifers m ostly 5o cents lower; however late sales fu lly steady, instances 5o cents higher. All cattle FOB feedlot w ith 4 per cent pencil shrink and for delivery w ithin IO days. 
S LA U G H T E R ST E E R S : Load G ood ond Choice 2-3 1,o5o lbs. $38. About 45o head Standard to m ostly Good 95o-1,1oo lbs. $36.75-37 
S LA U G H T E R H E IF E R S : 
A bout 4oo head Good and Choice 2-3 825-85o tbs. 
$36.5o. M ostly Good w ith 2o-4o per cent 
Choice 7oo-9oo lbs. late $35.5o-36, w ith com parable sales e a rly $35-35.5o. Stan­ dard and Good 1 2 525 65o lbs. $35 36. 
A dd la te sa le s: 
12o head G ood and 
Choice 2-3 9oo-95o lb. slaughter heife rs 
$37.5o and 2oo head 8oo-85o lbs. at $37. 

Wholesale Meal 

FE D E R A L-S TA TE 
M A R K E T NEWS SERVICED 
W H O LE S A LE M E A T T R A D E 
(le ss than carlot) W EEK EN D IN G A P R IL 7. 
COMPARED TO LAST W E E K : Good and Choice steer and heifer beef firm . 
Cow beef steady to weak, some Canner and C utter off $1. Bull beef $1 low er. 
Very lim ited volume calf steady; Good and Choice Beef P rim als: H indqu arters, forequarters and square cut chick firm . 
A rm chucks weak to $3 lower. Rounds, ribs and trim m ed loins steady. Boneless cow and bull beef 9o per cent lead steady. 
STEER AN D H E IF E R B E E F : Choice, 
4oo-7oo lbs., $61-62. Standard and Good 
1-3, 35o-6oo lbs., $6o 61. 
COW B E E F : Breaking U tility, 2-4, $5o. 
Boning U tility , 1-3, $52. C a n n e r and 
Cutter, 1-2, $56-57. 
B U LL: Yield grade 1-2, 6oo lbs. and 
UP, $65. 4oo-6oo lbs., $64. 
CA LF: Good and Choice, 15o-3oo lbs., 
$63. 
BEEF PR IM ALS: Yield 2-4. 
H IN D Q U A R T E R S — 115-18o lb s .: 
Choice, $72-76. Good, $7o-75. 
F O R E Q U A R T E R S - 12o-19o lb s .: 
Good and Choice, $5o-52. 
SQUARE CUT CHUCKS — 5o-8o lbs.: 
Good ond Choice, $63. 
ARM CHUCKS — 5o-9o lbs.: Good ond 
Choice, $52-53. 
ROUNDS — 5o-85 lbs. Choice, $76-78. 
Good, $75. 
RIBS — 25-35 lb s .: C hoice. $85-94. 
Good, $85-88. 
T R IM M E D C O IN S - 4o-7o lb s .: 
Choice, $1o4 1o8. Good, $94-1oo. 
Boneless cow beef: 9o per cent lean, 
$8o. 
Boneless bull beef: 9o per cent lean, 
$88. 
Omaha Livestock 

O M A H A, Neb. (A P X U S D A )—Livestock quotations Thursday: 
Hogs: 4,5oo, barrows and g ilts moder ately a ctive, steady to 25 h igher; U.S. 1-3 
2oo-24o lb 36.oo 36.5o; around 5o head U.S. 
1 2 21o235 lb 
36.75; sows 
325-45o lb steady; 45o 6oo lb steady to 25 lo w e r; 325 
6oo lb 32.5o 34.oo. 
Cattle and calves: 7oo; scattered sales steers and heifers m ostly 5o higher but not enough on offer to afford a good m ar ket test; ccws fa irly active, fir m ; two loads choice 1,175 lb steers 38.75; scat­ tered sales choice 1,ooo 1,15o lb 38.oo 
■38.5o; scattered consignments good and choice 85o-1,ooo heifers 35.oo 37.oo, u tility 
.and com m erical cows m ainly 26.5o 28.oo, a few 28.25-28.5o; canner and cutter 23.5o 
27.oo. 
Sheep: none. 
E stim ated receipts M onday: 
C attle and calves 6,5oo; hogs 5,ooo, sheep 5oo. 
Bulter and Eggs 

NEW YO R K (A P ) — (U SD A)—Whole sale egg demand tapering o ff, supplies regular. 
WholOlesale selling prices based on vol ume sales. 
New York spot quotations follow: 
Whites: 
Fancy large 58-61; Fancy medium 49 
51; Fancy smalls 39-4o. 
Colton 
NEW YORK (AP) — Cotton futures No. 
2 were lower in Midday dealings. 
Traders evened up positions prior to the 

 mid 

Traders evened up positions prior I long holiday weekend, brokers said. 
The average price for strict low dling 11-16 inch spot cotton advanced 83 
* ant 

Sk 
. ____ os bale lower than the previous close. May 

 ig 11-16 I points to 75.55 cents a pound Wednesday ts, accor"* 
‘ bange, were $1.25 to $2.35 a 

 ty in g for Your Express and News Doesn't 
Have to be a Repeat 
Performance 

 i i 

There's an 

C M m S u S tn 
Wark) 
Pay for Your 
Newspapers 

This convenient O ffice Pay 

Plan for p a yin g for your 

E x p r e s s a n d N ew s is a 

 tim e sa v e r , a ffo r d s yo u 

 b e tte r service, and costs 

 you absolu tely nothing e x ­ 

 tra! Pay for th ree, six or 

 tw elve m onths at o tim e — 

 your new spaper carrier re­ 

 ceives full credit for your 

 paym en t every m onth and 

 you save him m an y trips to 

 collect! 

One- 
Time- 
Only... 
By Mail 

For F ur t her I n f o r m a ­ 

 t ion on t he E xp re s s 

 ond News Office Poy 

Pl an 
. . . 
Call 

2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 , e x t . 28 5 , 

 i286. 

A Man for 
AU Seasons 

W hatever the season . . . 
Football, basketball, b a s e b a ll. .. if it has to do with sports, Dan is on top of it. 

That's why he's San Antonio's most-talked-about sports writer. 
He's on the inside looking o u t. .. and reporting to his readers. 

Awards? Sure. He's won plenty. His work has been recognized as the very best and he's proud of it. But Dan doesn t rest on his laurels. He just keeps on reporting, going beyond the headlines to the in-depth stories. 

That's why Dan is Mr. Sports in San Antonio. 

D an C o o k . . . Every D ay in the 
San Antonio News 

 and Sunday in the 
EXPRESS NEWS 

, _____________________poi for the IO leading markets, according to the New York Cotton Exchange. 
Midday deal lh 

78.75, Jul 78.5o and Oct 73.oo. 

- 
-V ■ . •. v 
. •• 
: \ 
^ 
• 
For Home Delivery, 

 l l 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 
Page . 9-C 
’Saint Joan’ at SAC 

N O V A ’s m em bers w arm up on their collection of instruments from all over the world. 

Sun Antonio College’s production of George 
Bernard Shaw’s "Saint 
Joan” will open at 7:15 p.m. Monday in McAllis­ ter Auditorium. 
The production which will be presented nightly at 7:15 p.m. through Sa­ turday will close out the current San Antonio Col­ lege Theater season. 
"S ain t Jo a n ” traces the life of Joan of Are from the time she first appeared before her re­ gional governor through her death bv fire at the stake. 
Stallone in ’F.I.S.T .’ 

SPECIAL T O TO 
EXPRESS 
DUBUQUE, Iowa - 
Sylvester Stallone, star of 
"Rocky,” will appear in 
“ F.I.S.T.” 
Production of 
"F.I.S.T.” is to start in 
Dubuque in May. 
■ The film concerns the growth of the American labor movement. 

Tickets for the perfor- mg. 
Students from SAC, St. s manee will be available 
Seats are $2 for adults P h ilip 's College and at the door before the and $1 for non-SAC stu- Southwest Center will be play begins each even- dents. admitted free. 

Trinity radio has unusual Nova group 

By BEN KING Jr. 
San A ntonians will have a chance to rotate th e ir navels to belly dance music or step out to samba rhythms Tues­ day night by simply tun­ ing in 91.7 on their radio dials. 
T rin ity U n iv e rsity ’s 
KRTU radio station will feature the unique musi­ cal group Nova during a live broadcast between 8 p.m. and 9 p.m. 
The fo u r-m em b er group has recently been draw in g recognition from all over Texas for its wide ranging reper­ toire. 
Versatile 
While other grou ps brag about being v e r­ sa tile , how m any can perfo rm a jazz piece, sw itch to a R om anian folk song then launch into 
E gyptian belly dance music? 
Nova can. And as a re­ sult the A ustin-based group has won critical acclaim, but is still working toward a larger audience. 
Buzz Hudiburg, Nova’s bass p layer, says the group is reaching out for a larger audience by in­ corporating .Middle Eas­ tern and Latin American musicians in their sound. 
" W e ’ve added two 
Middle E a ste rn m u si­ cians iii a separate group th a t plays belly dance m usic. F rom the r e ­ sponse w e’ve been g et­ ting in Austin it looks like it might be the next 

 thing to catch on,” he says. 
Along with the Middle 
Eastern group. Nova has added a Central Ameri­ can drum m er and start­ ed playing 
B ra z il’s rhythmic folk music and salsa from Cuba and 
Puerto Rico. 
Nova is able to travel m usically acro ss the world because its four members have mustered a battery of instruments ranging from the Egyp­ tian aud to the marimba. 

The group consists of 
Bruce T ru itt, g u itar; 
Larry (’rook, percussion; 
Nick P h elp s, reed in­ struments, and Hudiburg on bass. 
Slavic 
But w hat happens when Nova goes into the reg ular beer d rin k e rs ’ club and starts playing 
Slavic folk songs or other out-of-the-way m usic styles? 
"A m azin g ly enough the people like it, if you do it the right way,” says 
Hudiburg. 
"If we go into a place and see it ’s m ostly country and w estern fans, we start out in that v ein ,” says the blond bass player. 
But after a few songs like " F o r The Good 
T im e s ” and 
"C otton 
Eyed J o e ,” Nova will pull out its collection of drum s and start pound­ ing out the in tric ate rhythm s of a Brazilian tune. 
TU fitness plan unusual 

The need for oxygen las been combined with lancing to create an un- isual exercise and fit- less program at Trinity university. 
A course made up of nventive dance routines if the aerobic nature w ill ie offered to the accum* jan in m en t of c u rre n t liusic during the on-go- ng continuing education ichedule at Trinity Uni­ versity. 
Gayle Cook will teach he routines, each of vhich has been choreo­ 

 graphed by Jacki Soren­ sen and contains move­ ments to strengthen and tone the skeletal system and to condition the heart, lungs and blood vessels. 
Beginning Tuesday, 24 session will be taught on 
Tuesday and Thursday from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. in 
Room HO of Laurie Au­ ditorium for a $48 fee. 

For further inform a­ tion and re g istra tio n telephone 736-7225 or 
736-7213. 

Movies due iii April 

"Rolling Thunder,” a motion picture largely filmed in Sun Antonio, is scheduled to be released nationwide in April. 

Also scheduled to be 

Sondra 
Locke in 
'G auntlet’ 

LOS ANGELES (AP) 
— Sondra Locke will make a return ap p e a r­ ance with Clint Eastwood in his new film “ Gaunt­ let.” 

The actress co-starred with Eastwood in "The 
Outlaw Josey Wales.’ He will again direct her and himself in "Gauntlet.’ a contem porary story in the American Southwest. 
W arner B rothers will release the new film at 

 released is "T hree Wo­ men,” starring Academy 
Award nom inee Sissy 
Spueek. 

Others slated to be re­ leased during the month include: 

"Teenage Graffiti.” 
" B re a k e r ! B r e a k e r ! ” 
"Le Sausage.” “ Crater 
Luke Monster,” "Land of the Minotaur.” 

"Tomcats,” "Secret of the Gods,” "Nazi Love 
C a m p ,” " T h e Last 4 
Days,” "Condominium,” 
"The Circle Bed,” "P as­ sion Wagon,” "Assault on P a ra d ise ,” "B lack 
Sunday,” “ Annie Hall,” 
"D em on 
S eed ” and 
"Brothers. 
Several movies are to be reissued during the month, including: "P a- pilion.” "T he O m en.” 
"B ooby 
T r a p ,” 
"4o 
Graves for 4o G u n s.'’ 
"M u rd e r by D e a th ,” 
"D rive-In,” arui "T he 
Lords of Flatbush.” 

"When we do someth­ ing like that it really tickles people because everybody likes someth­ ing different,” says Hu­ diburg. 

So how did four musicians interested in ethnic music get together at a time when most any­ body who can play gui­ ta r ju st w auls to play disco m usic and m ake money? 

Hudiburg explains No­ va's members were Uni­ versity of Texas at Austin students playing in var­ ious jazz groups when the group was formed a year 

 and a half ago. 
“ We didn’t want to stay in the straight jazz rou­ tine, so we started g et­ ting into different things bv playing a wide variety of ethnic music. 
Oriental 
"And recently we’ve been looking at China and Jap an for so m eth ­ ings we might want to do in the future,” Hudiburg adds. 
Persons interested in a tte n d in g the 
Nova broadcast in person at 
KRTU’s Studio 21 should call 736-8313 for reserva­ tions. There is no admis­ sion charge. 

2222 IM. A L A M O at B R O A D W A Y 

Turtle Creek 
Presents in the beautiful 
Celebrity Stage Ballroom 

V; i 
MKta 
Anne Murray & Kenny Rogers 

TOGETHER--THE GREATEST TWIN 
BILL EVER OFFERED ON A SAN 
ANTONIO STAGE. 
Wed. thru Sat. April 27, 28, 29 & 3o 
TWO SHOWS NIGHTLY 7:3o & IO P.M. 
$1o.oo per person. Call 696-56oo for Reserva­ tions or stop by Turtle Creek and choose your own table. All Seats reserved. 
Ask about the new Celebrity-Social Member­ ship Plan. As a new member you get free tickets to two big shows, and discounts to other shows. Plus many other exciting mem­ bership extras. 
Plan a complete evening: Enjoy dinner from a special “Show Time” menu and dancing to two bands after the show. 

EASTER 
FUN 
Agates open 12 noon 
SUNDAY, APRIL IO 

CANDY 
EASTER 

IN PERSO N : 
E G G S 
'SROF.’KMMteSlER 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

April 9*/llf 
EUGENE FODOR violin 
ROGER MELONE conductor 

Schubert 
“Overture to Rosamunde 
Paganini 
Violin Concerto No. I 
Debussy 
Prelude to “The Afternoon of a Fauin” 
Shostakovich 
Symphony No. 6 

*Sat. April 9. 8:3o pm Theater for the 
Performing Arts 
+Mon., April l l , 7:3o pm Laurie Aud. 

COMING 
April 17 
MASTERSINGERS 
(MASTER SERIES 

ROGER WAGNER 
Guest Conductor 
(Sunday 3:oo pm 

I UT Health Science Center Auditorium 

•Tickets: 
I Subscription Series 
Master Series 
Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

JOIN US 

 f o r. . . 
EASTER DINNER AT 
THE MENGER HOTEL 
2o4 A lam o Plaza 
“famous for its Hospitality since 1859 " 
Serving a w onderful buffet in our fam ous Patio Room , noon until 6 p.m. Sunday, April IO 
G ood food . . . reasonable price . . . m any delicious selections! 
Adults $6.oo - Children under A 2 years $3.5o. 
Reservations Phone: 

2 2 3 - 4 3 6 1 
Free Parking 

 r 

EASTER BUFFET 
AT TURTLE CREEK 

 lf you haven’t enjoyed the splendor of Turtle Creek Country Club, we invite you to join us for our beautiful Easter Buffet. 

Start with soups and your selection from eight salads. 
Your entree. . .generous portions of baked sugar cured ham, round of roast beef, turkey and kids-style fried chicken. And, if you can, select from an array of desserts. 

Sunday, April IO 
11:3o a.m. - 7:oo p.m. 

Adults $5.95* 
Children under 12 $3.25* 
‘ Plus gratuity 

696-56oo 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 9 I 977 

Live entertainment and dancing 
Tues.-Sun. until 2 a.m. 

^ 
* ENJOY EASTER - TEXAS STYLE 
< < W I T H STEAKS BY THE POUND 

Enjoy a star studded line-up of choice beef cut to the size you want and sold by the pound! 

Dining, Tues - Sun 

5 to 1o:3o pm 

3239 Harry 
W urzbach 

824-4444 

SAN AN T O N IO 'S ONLY COUNTRY & WESTERN SUPPER CLUB 
AND THAT'S N O BUM STEER! 

A C A D EM Y AW ARD W INNER I 
BESTPICTURE 
Produced by IRWIN WINKLER and ROBERT CHARTOFF 
B EST 
DIRECTOR 
JOHN G. AVILDSEN 
B EST FILM 
EDITING 
ROCKY 

3 8 
M -llIM R ll 
-E X C L U SIV E - 

SHOWING! 
NO BARGAIN MAT. (NEW LAUREL 
V 
231o SAN PEDRO * 736-4551 

V United Artists y 
El ATransame^tcaComosny 

TODAY THRU MONDAY 
■ ) 
12:4o-3:oo-5:2o y 
7:4( 
:4o-1o:oo P.M. 

J m « A P P ? H O U R 
DAI LY 
I N I T I O A R T I S T S T H E A T R E S 
ILY 
L r 
~ 
” a l l SEATS $ 1.25 \ 

1:45-4:25 I 
7:o5-9:45 $ 

N O HAPPY HOUR 
^ 
It could be 

> w 

WAIT 
DISNEY 
I iS 
S W Mtltury o« 477 IHI j 

 tomorrow! 
D I A P t f 

I THIEVES 12:45-4:15-7:45 
I POOH 2:45-6:15-9:45 

I 

 i 
! 
Thieves 

U i s l 

________________ | COLOR 

I 35al 5 W MtfiMy CV 92? nil 

12:3o-2:15-4:oo-5:45-7:3o-9:15 

18 FEET OF GUT- 
C R U N C H IN G M A N . 
EATING TERROR! 

I 
JULIE CHRISTIE 
% 

$ 
CARRIES THE 
J 
| "DEMON SEED" { a 
FEAR FOR HER 

M A M 
MALL 

 i WALLEM RD ATI 

1:oo-3:o5-5:1o-7:15-9:2o 
BONNIE 
AND 
□YDE 
THEY AINT 

J exclusive: 
J 
FEATURES 
I 
12:45-2:3o-4:15-6:oo-7:45-9:3o 
I AN 
$ EPIC i FANTASY 
I OF PEACE 
J ANO MAGIC 

J 
STARRING i GEORGESEGAL f 
AND 
J 
JANE FONDA 
JEUN WITH j WCK& 
I jane! 

{ 1:5o.4:25.7:oo-9:35 t 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
BEST ORIGINAL 
SONG 

WIZARDS 

 i i , c i 

 stROsnriD 

K R i s t o f f e R S o n 

A 
StAR 
IS 

B O R n 

B o w ie c o u ld b e n e f it fr o m Q u e e n ’s c o u n s e l 

By ROBERT HILBURN 
LO S AN GELES TIM ES SERVICE 

I t s i m p o r t a n t i n r o c k 

 t o k n o w w h e n t o m o v e t o 

 n e w m u s i c a l g r o u n d a n d 

 w h e n t o s t i c k w i t h w h a t 

 y o u ’v e g o t . 

B y s t a y i n g c l o s e t o t h e 

 p e r i m e t e r s o f l a s t y e a r ' s 

 h u g e l y s u c c e s s f u l 
“ A 

BRING ME CHURCHILL' 
...A d o lp h H itler 

In three days they almost won the War, 

NORTH STAR 
12:2o-2:4o 5:oo 
7:2o 9:4o 

CENTURY SOUTH 
12:oo 2:3o 5:oo 
7:3o 1o:oo 

A haunting vision of reincarnation based on the bestselling novel 

 ifs J 
. 

Mig. 
'SC 

BORN 1959 • DIED 1964 • BO RN 1964 

■ R O B E R T W IS E ftujuuw "AUDREY ROSE" 
9 MARSHA MASON ANTHONY HOPKINS 
JOHN BECK jnj.n<tnfluri„oSUSAN SWIFT, , , 

- w i 'uv Ov F RA N K DE FELITTA • Boswl ontoe n ow ov Hank o * few® 

 p' 
^ O v JOE W IZA N mo F RA N K DE FE I ITTA • D««ieat)v R O B E R T W ISE 
Muvt o, MU'H6f i -.M-11 • P-N^VISION* • P’Ofluct'O"Se'. esDvSoc* Compony FVisky 8»yni 
PG 
United Artists 

( n i l 
DER 2 
[ o b c M 
Y f t l ______ 
■m4wIw4 
- T il I IN 
1:3o-3:35-5:4o 
7:45-9:5o 

(E N IIIR Ii; 
I O U ! m 
U 
S W Mil Bf at IM 35 So 
924-65.11 
1:oo-3:45-5:3o 
7:45-1o:oo 

$1.25 lA R O M N T il 
. 2:oo P M 
I EVER Y D A Y, 

P A IK H IH AU DAV 
ACROSS STIK T 
$AT/3tiS — WWKDAYS 
A m 5 JOA M 
A L A M O RANK GARAGE 

227-53(1 

 i coin— ai n I 

 l l :o 5 -1:4o-4:2o' 
6:55-9:35 

UNTIL 1:3o 
| 
ALL SEATS $ 1.25 * 

$1.25 

H W U —- F R I! 
45 KMP RECORD "EVERGREEN 
AND "PAPER BACK 
A STAR IS BORN" 
FIRST 25o PEOPLE DAILY! 

I I :o o -2 :^ |!S 5 > -8 :4 5 
" B M I A K I * ” 

• ,a g - i iia T Z ig r .a iS L 

BREAKER) 
BREAKER! Starrine CHUCK NORRIS 

NO ONE IVES DIES 
M Y STERIO U S TALE OF THE OCCULT the 
REINCARNATE 

’ 'RIM C A RN A T I" ll oo-2 15-5 3o-4 45 

12.35-3 5o-7 5o-1o IO 

7 3o-1o 3o 
'M M C ABM A T I " 
R OO O N LY 

N i g h t a t t h e 
O p e r a . ” 

Q u e e n h a s a n o t h e r m a s ­ 

 s i v e b e s t s e l l e r i n “ A D a y 

 a t t h e R a c e s . ” 

D a v i d 
B o w i e c o u l d 

 b e n e f i t f r o m 
Q u e e n ' s 

 c o u n s e l . 

“ L o w , ” 
B o w i e ’s l a t e s t 

 c h a n g e o f d i r e c t i o n , a d d s 

 t o t h e E n g l i s h m a n ’s c o ­ 

 l o r f u l , e l u s i v e p e r s o n a l i ­ 

 t y . 
B u t t h e a l b u m ' s I c y 

 d i s o r i e n t i n g e x p e r i m e n ­ 

 t a l r o c k m a k e s y o u w a n t 

 l e s s p e r s o n a l i t y a n d 

 m o r e m u s i c . 

Q u e e n ’s “ A D a y a t t h e 

R a c e s ” h a s a i m e d h i g h . 

‘ ‘Y o u h a v e t o h a v e a l o t o f 

 c o n f i d e n c e i n t h i s b u s i ­ 

 n e s s , ” s a i d t h e g r o u p ’s 

 l e a d s i n g e r F r e d d i e M e r - 

THE CB BATTLE CRY OF THE GREAT, 
TRUCKER S WAR 
Starring 
CHUCK NORRIS 
7 TIME 
KARATE 
WORLD 
CHAMPION 

GA ANTENNA! COURTESY OF: 
MAYCOM Colorwhip”' 
THD m c ) OI ti* D rab C B Jth to n n * 
Ucycoffl Co»wn,(K*tian Paso -St»v»nvilt« UKK 
P IU S at Aztec and Drive Ins 
“SIX PACK ANNIE” (R) 

A Z T E C -3 
BREAKER" 12:3o-3:45 
7:oo-1o:1o 
'ANNIE" 11:oo-2:15-5:3o4:45 

UA M O V IES 4 
12:3o-2:15-4:o5-5:55 
7:45-9:35 

SA N PEDRO 
M IS S IO N 
VALLEY HI 

MT MU U M RS: “BREAKER” 7:3o-1o:45 “ANNIE” 9:2o 

MANN THCATPtS 

I 
I 
I 
I C A V CENTRAL PARK 3 
——•rn. 
“ 
■ * ^ 4 » » (|nt(»i p h i snowing a n t u 
^ ■ H H H H H M B M H M B I 3 4 1 8783 ■ ■ ■ M H M 
W IN N E R OF 4 A C A D E M Y A W A R D S! 
ACTOR ' PITER FINCH 
ACTRESS” FAYE DUNAWAY 
“ NETW ORK” 
1:15-3:2o-5:35-7:35-9:45 
W 

THREE DARING ADVENTURERS! 

Clever enough to Outsmart a town 

 b r a v e e n o u g h to s a v e >t 
WALT DISNEY 
PROOIK TK>*N 
T h * 
>j_ L ittle s t 

 t 
H a r s e 

 r T h i e v e s 

TECHNICOLOR • U 

 d l P H I P S O H U H . W J 

WALT DISNEY^ th# maqy adventures of 
Winnie • 

 t h e P o o H 
\ 
TECHNICOLOR * 

* i f ■ 
CD 

 p Q y CENTRAL PARh 3 ! 

* TOIAY ni.S4T.SUN. 
“nOOM’* 
7:1o 12:5o-3:4o-7:1o 
“TMIfViS” 1:2o 
1:45-5:oo4:2o 
IXMIIXM" 12:45-4:15-7:45 
POOH 2:45-6:15-9:4S 

G E N E R A L C I N E M A T H E A T R E S 
J nORTHSTAR Ev1 SYPAY-m i:3bBM .-si.56 I 

F i i 

 w m m m f •; 

TH M 
9 

S T 
A 
H 
L 
E 
Y x ' V> 

K 
F 
I A 
M 
& 
R im a a u a r w H v 

SIR LEW GRADE praams Yr AsnraM nwa fens 

* mecafecn w«h MARTIN SPARGER 
T>» STANLEY KRAMER 
IR 

GENE HACKM AN 
CANDICE BERGEN., 
“THE DOM INO PRINCIPLE" 
RICHARD W IDM ARK 
MICKEY ROONEY- - EU W ALLACH 
EDW ARD ALBER! 

EXCLUSIVE 12:3o-2:25-4:15-6:1o-8:o5-1o:oo 

(mcMimm warning 
I _______________1:1o-3:2o-5:3o-7:4o-9:5o 
M C C R E L E S S 
W im 
533-o431 
IN SEARCH OF NOAH’S ARK 
12:4o-2:3o-4:2o-6:1o-8:oo-9:5o 
(G) 

^ c C R t^ ^ ^ ^ ^ U ^ H ^ S A T A L L T IM E ^ 

 cu rv a fte r th e b a n d 's first hit in 1973. 
Last year's “ A Night at the O pera” album — the group’s fourth — finally gave Queen its shot at superstardom . “ O pera” spent 47 w eek s on the n a tio n a l s a le s c h a r ts , spaw ned two hit sin gles and show ed the band ca­ pable of both the high energy of Led Zeppelin and its own w onderfully eccentric p ieces such as 
‘‘Bohem ian R hapsody.” 
Reprogram 
R ealizing the im pact of th e a lb u m , th e s ty lis h 
E n g lish q u artet has re­ program m ed much of the v a r ie ty and c h a rm of 
“ O pera” in its new c o l­ lection. 
The cover art work is sim ilar, the title again is from a M arx B ro th er s film and the m usic even b e g in s w ith th e g o n g sound that closed “ Bohe­ m ian R hapsody.” 
T here are sim ilarities, too, in the so n g s. “ The 
M illio n a ir e W a ltz ” r e ­ c a lls the a m b itio n and p o se of 
‘‘B o h em ia n 
R h a p so d y ” ; 
“ W hite 
M an ” h as m u ch of the g u ita r bravado of “ The 
P ro p h et’s S o n g ” ; “ You and I” su g g e s ts the ro­ m antic charm of “ Y ou’re 
My B est F rien d .” 
Familiar 
W hile this reliance on fa m ilia r s tr a in s p u ts 
“ R aces” in the shadow of 
“ O p era ,” the band has a p p r o a c h e d th e individual tracks w ith a care and skill that gives them their own persona­ lity and punch. 
More than sim ply a re­ p ea t of its la s t w o rk , 
“ R a c e s ” is a r e c o n fir ­ m ation of Q ueen’s p o si­ tion a s th e b e st of the 

A 

Sri a? :: 

DAVID BOWIE 
. . . hits new low 

 th ir d w a v e of E n g lish rock groups. 
David Bow ie's “ Low” 
— If Queen is aim ing for th e top in rock , B ow ie w ants even bigger gam e. 
His goal: a m ulti-m edia career that would estab ­ lish him — in the tradi­ tion of Sinatra or Garland 
—• as an e n te r ta in e r w hose person w as m ore im portan t than any sin ­ g le area of activity. 
R ock w a s sim p ly h is stepping stone. 
Breaks away 
Bowie broke aw ay from rock with “ Young A m er­ ic a n s .” the 1975 album that relied on d isco and soul influences. 
Though he claim ed he w a s ju st fo llo w in g h is changing m usical tastes, 
B ow ie w as a ttack ed by his old fans as an oppor­ tunist who jum ped on the co m m ercia l d isco band­ wagon. The album gave h im h is fir st b a ck -to - back Top IO sin gles. 
R ather than m ake the id ea l co m m ercia l m ove and turn out another d is­ co album , Bowie turned to rock a g a in in la st y e a r ’s “ S tation to S ta ­ tion .” But the boldness of the “ Z iggy Stardust” and 
“ Aladdin Sane” w as pre­ sent only in spots. 
Senior voice recital set 

A joint senior voice re­ cital by m ezzo-soprano 
K a th erin e R u sse ll and sop ran o M ary B edford 
W oolsey w ill be present­ ed at 8 p.m . Monday in the Ruth Taylor Concert 
Hall. 
P ia n is t B en J e n k in s w ill accom pany the vo­ calists. 
M iss W oolsey w ill per­ form “ P sy ch e” by E m ile 
P a la d ih le , “ H o te l” by 
G a b r ie l 
F a u r e and 
“ M orning In P a ris” by 
John Duke. 
M iss R ussell will sing 

FIDDLIN’ 
FRENCHIE 
BURKE 
AND THE 
SOUND MASTERS 

DANCE 
SAT., APRIL 9 
9 to I 

F L o o R E S 
COUNTRY STORE 
HELOTES, TEXAS 

“ D er S c h m ie d ” by J o ­ hannes Brahm s and “ Li­ la c s” and “ In The Silent 
N igh t” by Sergei R ach­ m aninoff. 
M iss W oolsey and M iss 
R ussell w ill also perform several songs together during the recital. 
T he r e c ita l is b ein g presented in partial ful­ fillm en t of the req u ire­ m ents for M iss R u ssell’s bachelor of m usic degree and M iss W oolsey’s ba­ chelor of arts degree. 
SW T groups to perform 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEW S 
SAN 
M ARCOS 
- 
S o u th w est T ex a s State 
U niversity’s B rass Choir and Cham ber E nsem ble w ill perform in concert at 
8 p .m . M onday in the 
R o b in so n 
C h r istia n 
Center of the San M arcos 
A cadem y. 
SW T’s G ary D obbins w ill co n d u c t th e fr e e concert. 
The program includes 
S c h m id t’s 
“ C h o ra le, 
M arch and 
F u g a to .” 
W iddoes’ “ Concertino for 
B rass Choir” and ‘‘This 
Old Man M arch.” 
The groups w ill also perform B ach’s “ Contra- punctus IX .” 

7422 S.W. Military 
4412 Callaghan 
*74-1371 
434-6611 

The Adventures of the 
WILDERNESS 
FAMILY 

MON.-FRI. 
7:15-9:o5 
SAT.-SUN. 
1:3o-3:25 
5:2o-7:15 
9:o5 

112 Callaghan Rd. 412o Nato Ptrrin 
7422 S.W. Military 
4344611 
656-3454 
674-1371 
THE BUG IS BAICX 

MON.-FRI 
7:1o-9.oo 

SAT.-SUN. 
12:45-2:3o 
4:15-6:oo 
7:4o-9:25 

 t a p e r A g e n t 

 lr 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Solurdoy April 9 1977 
Page I I -C 
Musicians, dancers on barges 

Musicians and dancers from San Antonio Col­ lege, Lanier High School and 
Jefferson 
High 
School will be part of this year’s Fiesta Mariachi 
Festival on the River 
Walk. 
The free event, will run from 9 p.m. to ll pm. from April 19 through 
April 22. 

For the first time barges used by the en­ tertainers will be floats, colorfully decorated in a 
Mexican theme. 
The mariachis will perform in the area between the 
Hilton 
Palacio del Rio and the 
Crockett Street Bridge. 
★ ★ ★ 
A new talent showcase 

Rio Ramblings 
The show is planned to 
Blindness. It will run benefit the Texas Society each Thursday evening for the Prevention of in June and July. 

 will be part of a Broad- way-style musical which will premiere in the 
Arneson River Theater 

 this summer, according to Hazel Tillson of the 
Department of Parks and 
Recreation. 

NEW YORK TIMES art critic John Canaday judges entries in the 47th Annual San Antonie Artists Exhibition. 
Outside judge called erring at art show 

By R O B ER T T IEM A N N 
The current 47th An­ nual San Antonio Artists 
Exhibition is suppossedly where the city’s best ar­ tists are recognized and awarded prizes. 
The juror for this show at the McNay Art Insti- 

Review 

 tote was John Canaday, long-time critic for the 
New York Times. 
It is a sad but accurate state of affairs a a seem­ ingly indigenous work of art was rewarded by a non-local juror at the ex­ hibition. 
‘One of worst’ 
Canady awarded first prize to what I believe to be one of the worst entries in the show. 
He must have thought 
San Antonio to be a Chi­ cano Art Center and gave the prize accordingly to 
Gilberto T arin ’s “ Los 
Angelitos-Rat,” making an otherwise bad show ridiculous. 
This painting uses silly comic characters to ex­ press some personal story only the artist himself is privy to. On a formal level, the painting has no interest whatso­ ever. 
Many of the best pro­ fessional artists in the city boycott this show annually because of its reputation for awarding first prize to paintings like “ Los Angelitos- 
Rat.” 
Concern 
Unfortunately, neither the museum or the Art 
League has been con­ cerned enough to ques­ tion the intentional boy­ cott. 
When artists like Bill 
Bristow, Mel Casas, Cecil 
Casebier, Ray Cox, Phil 
Evett, Leonard Lehrer, 
Richard Rodgers, Regin­ ald Rowe, Jan Tipps and 
Judy Urrutia are not represented, there must be something wrong somewhere. 
This is not to say ever­ ything in the show is bad. 
Ed Ackermann’s “ Re­ sonances from a Spirit) 
Regained,” Paul Walth­ all’s “ Abyss,” Charles 
Field ’s “ Reclining F i­ gure,” Ruth Carol Tie- mann’s watercolors and 
Tom Willome’s drawings are notable exceptions. 
In fact, they really de­ serve to be in the better company of those San 
Antonio artists not re­ presented. 
Solution 
However, there is a so­ lution for this yearly de­ bacle. 
The show must be jur ored by the local mu seum directors and must be at least partially invi­ tational. 
But 
I realistically doubt either local mu­ seum director would be that courageous, so no doubt the show will con tmue to limp along as it has been for some time. 
This show was former ly held at the Witte Mu seum until the museum and the Art League part­ ed company. This is the first time the exhibition is being held at the 
McNay. 
I can’t help but believe it is for political rather than aesthetic reasons. 
Artist display 

Robert K. Reed will exhibit his collage, wa tercolors and oils at 
Oakwell Branch Library for the entire month of 
April. 
Oakwell Library is lo cated at 4134 Harry 
W’urzbach Road, next to 
Garner Middle School. It is open from 9 a.m. to 9 p m on weekdays and a.m. to 
6 p.m. on 
Saturdays. 
The exhibit is free and ie open to the public. 

 a LL M EW - 

 bigger, m o re excitin g th a n “A IR P O R T 1975" 

Flight 23 has cra sh e d in the B e r m u d a Triangle... 
R IR P O R T '7 7 

A UNIVERSAL PICTURE 
TECHNICOLOR * PANAVISKTN1 
Starring 
JACK LEMMON 
IEE GRANT 

12:4o-3:oo 
5:2o-7:4o-1o:oo 
NORTHWEST SIX 

12:4o-3:oo 
5:2o-7:4o-1o:oo 
CENTURY SOUTH 

1.oo-3:1o 
5:2o-7:3o-9:4o 
BROADWAY 

NO BAR. 
MAT. 

It could be tomorrow! 

Starring 
ROBERT S H A W 
BRUCE DERN 

CENTURY 
SOUTH 

11:45 
2:2o 
4:55 
7:3o 

1o:o5 

CINE 
CINCO 

1:45 

4 :25 
7:o5 

9:45 

ABC 
WONDER 
1:45 
4:2o 
6:55 
9:3o 

I I I S S X a l l l M ‘< t l K ‘S 
" 
Of SAN ANIONIC 
(OUT I4UoUS WOWS MOO AM DAKT ( l it I PT U K W ISAC sh o w m c m h o is t 
. C e , 
M I HIW O H M M OU HLMSX RATED 

U M I I IN ! i i i VV KHIPMINt 732 I IS? 
I S IM t W I ll 
IW S PA I BOOD* HOAD ASB 33/S 
I 

 lf YOU Lint IT WILD* KIN* V’ 
Blout 
Dry .V U 

^ s m 

- 

BLOW 12.4o-3:4o-6:4o-9:4o HOW12:15-3:3^45-1o:oo^, 
MICOU 11:oo-2:oo-5:oo-8:o^^ NICOlTh35-4:5o4:OS 

Being in Love 
Con Be 
^Something U se 
EmllteitRe 

Nicole 

HUGO’S 11:oo-1:5o'' 
4 :4 5 -7 :4 o - 1o:35 
„ SUPER 12:25-3:2o 
6 :15-9:1o 

I Meavy Sox obi Athletics a 
PLAyBOy rn 

 f 11:5o-2:2o 
4:5o-7:2o 
9:5o 

N O V I H W 
K I I l i t 

I ID «t u«« OO tat 

NO BAR. MATJ 

NO PASSES 

% 
S l i p p e r a n d t h f f y w 

Thy Story of Cinderella 

Richard Chamberlain Gemma Craven (G) eCitamlU 

A B EA U T IFU L MUSICAL R ET ELLIN G OF 
TH E W ORLD’S FA VO RITE FA IR Y T A LE 

 f 
Today at 
NORTHW EST SIX 

A BEAUTIFUL W O M A N ... 
A M ASTER COMPUTER... 
THE M O ST S H O C K IN G ACT 
OF CREATIO N EVER IM A G IN E D ! 

NEVER WAS A 
NEVER WAS A WOMAN 
WOMAN VIOLATED 
SUBJECT TO SUCH 
AS PROFANELY! 
INHUMAN LOVE LIKE THIS! 

Fear for her. 

METRO GOLDWYN MAYER omtntn A HERB JAFFE PPOCX TOTON julie christie , "DEMON SEED" Fritz weaver 
Sc-wodkjv By ROBERT JAFFE o"a ROGER o HIRSON - One*) by DONALD GAMMELL 
P'OBucM By HERB JAFFE 
Music JERRY FIELDING filmed in WNAVtSlON* METPOCOLOR 
RjBESTRiCTtD^ 
Rend The Bottom Bor* i 
o 
Released thru 
United Artists 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 
NORTHWEST SIX 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 
CENTURY SOUTH 

1:o5-3:o5 
5:o5-7:o5-9:o5 
CINE CINCO 

 f' 
Today at 
CEMTUnv SOUTH & 

 in IO .I (Mf 41o tat eta).**.. l«rt 
MV A W 
OH#*Ii deploy od fo r o im aa a n d p o U c it i 

“ AIRPORT I T 

“THE SUPPER 
AND THE ROSE” 

“DEMON SEED” 

“RAGGEDY ANN & 
ANDY” 

“SUVER STREAK’ 

“THE PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN’’ 

S W Mil. o, .HH JS I. 
WA A il I 

C h o c k d is p la y a d fo r t im - * a n d p o llc l. * - 

“BLACK SUNDAY’ 

“AIRPORT I T 

“THE EAGLE 
HAS LANDED” 

“RAGGEDY ANN & 
ANDY” 

“AUDREY ROSE” 

“DEMON SEED’ y 

 f ' 
Today of 
Son P.dro 

“ A STAR IS BORN” 

“ LIFEGUARD” 

V 

" S p b aKa " I — 
TIIPII SCRffN OWTWXM 
I 
SM Podro at littof* Id 
494 JAI6 | 

“BREAKER, BREAKER’’ 

“ SIX PACK ANNIE” 

Chock display od for tim.s. 

“ KING KONG” 

“ THE BIG BUS” 
J 

 f LISTEN lima: 
I 
TO 
I wadi 
N 
O 
E T H 
W f I T i i i 
LISTEN A 
TO KTFM 
I 

FOR DETAILS 
KTFM 
M ID N IG H T S H O W ! 
THE LAST 
DETAIL 

SPECIAL M A T IN E E S TO D A Y 
SANTIKOS THEATRES 
PRESENT AN ALL NEW 
M OV IE POLICY FOR SAN ANTONIO 
See Price Policy Below ii; h | V II 
J 
< S I i 

HIW MA JOH 
I 
MOT/OH 

M o m s s t o o l 
T h e atre s of San A n to n io 

I 
U V A S 
I I N l \ I I A A I I rn I S3 I Moulton 227 233o rn 
1o75 Pot Booter Road 658 53/5 

JACK 
NICHOLSON 

RANDY 
QUAID 

IA N H I M * 
TRIPLE SCREEN O UTD O O R 

191o f r e c k l y *burB t d 
I J S - J I ) J 
* • " 
«* * ‘" * M M 
4 M ' M W 
STAR 12:oo-2:45-5:3o 
STAR 7:3o-1 1:45 
8:oo-1o:3o 
G U A RD 1o:1o 

ACADEMY 
A flSfr S t R O S m D 
AWARD FOR I 
. 
K R IS tO tfC R S O n 
BEST SONG! 

12:oo-2:3o-5:oo-7:3o-1o:oo I 
6:3o-9:oo 
KIDS $1 .OO ALWAYS 
ADULTS $1 .OO UNTIL 5:oo 
AFTER 5:oo ADULTS $1 .SO 

A N A D V E N T U R E S T O R Y thai lakes you from the mysteries ol Skull Island to the terror stricken panic ol Manhattan Island 

A S U S P E N S E STORY®*?] 
= ^ = = = ~ ! h a t grips you and never lets go — 

 plus 

SAN PEDRO 

 ff 

UNIVERSAL 

“LIFEGUARD1' (po 
S A M ELLIOT 

12:oo-2:3o-5:oo-7:3o-1o:oo 
TEXAS 
M U I ill M 
I 
MISSION 

12:oo-2:3o-5:oo-7:3o-1o:oo 

12:oo-2:45 
5:3o-8:oo 
1o:3o 

H M H A H S I 

I*2o K.d.n.k.bui, Id 733 321 3 

Kid* $1.oo Alway* 
Adult* $1.oo LM til 
5:oo 
Altar 5 OC Adult* 
$1.3o 

\ . 
StRGSm b 
KRiStOGCRSOn 

 f l S t f i R 
IS B O R n 

4 4 I t S I I A S I H 
I 
IH ll)' of Wurtbodh i sit. 696 3921 

 f HAZING 4 oo 

7:13-1o:13 

FRITZ 5:43-9:oo 
SPECIAL KISS MIDNIGHT 
PLUS 
SHOW TONIGHT “BLAZING SADDLES" 
ALL SEATS $1.5o 
Mel Brooks' 
T3V A Z1N G 
S A D D L E S B 

| BIOS $ 1.oo ALW A Y ^ V 
ADULTS $1.oo 
'* 
UNTIL 5:oo 
- $1.5o A 

VARSITY 

“KING KO N G ” 7:3o-11:3o 
“BIG BUS” 1o:o5 

IS... 
AN ADVENTURE STORY 
A SUSPENSE STORY 
A LOVE STORY 
S T A R R IN G JEFF BRIDGES 
CHARLES GRODIN 

 plus ot SAN PEDRO, MISSION, 

VA RSITY 
“THE BIG BUS’ 
(PG) 
THE FIRST DISASTER 
MOVIE WHERE EVERY­ 
BODY DIES 
LAUGHING. 
Starring v 
JOSEPH BOLOGNA 
STOCKARD CHANNING 

ACADEMY 
AWARD 
EDR 
SPECIAL 
EFfECTS! 

5 isCiTCTCn 
Snoot 

 mss! 
_ 
. 
. 
...... rn IO «t 
41o a* CulUfb,, tm 
3494134 
4 T W . M il. Dr . of UM $5 lo . 
W 4 4 I 3 ! 
11:5o-1:5o-3:5o-5:5o-7:5o-9:5o 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

Booo6WUEXNU 
The ftjbtahmej Peop*e of ITT 
NO BAR. MAT. p*Bom 

ALAN BATES/GENEVIEVE BUJOLD 
11:15-3:oo-6:3o-1o:15 
“ BEDAZZLED” 
M(M>5S-*2S 

Z°nty “ CITIZEN KANE” 

 tarting 
“A DOLL’S HOUSE” 
Wednesday 
“KEDDA” 

MIDNIGHT IS IM u Y l f lf m o i. K l 
MOVIE! 

SVU. tail Or or IM 35 So. 
934-6531 
SPONSORED BY KARE AND FOX TECH 
BOOSTER CLUB. TICKETS $2.oo 
“BROTHERS f 
AND SISTERS” 
IN CONCERT TO SAVE 
THE CHILDREN. 
STARRING 
A 
CURTIS MAYFIELD, ISAAC # 
HAYES. ROBERTA FLACK 
A N D M A K / M O R E! 

N O R T H W flT t i l 
( i N i t J R i r . 
U F I I I I 
U 

AN ADVENTURE 
FORTHECHILDIN ALLOF US 

 c . j p t 
I 

 i 
% Q i\ 

 ll 
NORIRAWE S I i i i 
I 
4:oo-8:oo 
J 
1o:oo 
I im id.» 'm r fro .rf cwtafUm {kit 
M H W 
I THC N£U*ST PTYKOJ P&nTM6* O M U ! 
S T A R R IN G 

BAIG AIN 
MATINEE 
DAUT 
FOR 
THEATER 
CAPACITY 
IO * 
HUST 
NRFORMANCC ONLY. 

"THE 
PiNK PANTHER 
STRiKES46AiN 

PETER SELLERS 

(PG) 
J 

 f -------- 
COO-3; I 5 5:3o 
7:45-1o:oo 
N O K IH W E 1 I i i i 

Q#«cu**»o*v'**h*i 

Screenployby R4TRiaATHACKRAY^MAX WILK 

Dosed on die O g n o l Stones 6 Characters Creored by JOHNNY GRUELLE 

MuycondLynoby JOE RAPOSO 

Adduced by LESTER OSTERMAN PRODUCTIONS 

Aoducer RICHARD HORNER 

Aodurnoa Supervised and Duetted t v R IC H A R D W 
I l L j A M - S 
MMAMS)ON*COiOA BVMdW 1*o taut) OY Of 117*1® ACI LASO SY /OTI. ONTUAYfO* nu* COnPOflAlf* ar*#*** moron arn w sawcmuo* *mm . a i O goumoa ofco w l ako w e, 
S H B S K . . i u n u n 
** ADMtatOM MOM M f MOW ryAAMOU rn UM® CCM * 
MUHA I AUOKNUS inn* rut BOOK miraai r omMk* we aho w 
I - 
J 
««Aiw.<t«tw3«Dfunj(kn«iK*cOM«»«v«c 
_ 
_ 
V. ~ c iGjc 

MHU Im. 416 «M CWtafA.. I »M 

BARGAIN 
M AU N U 
DARY 
FOR 
THEATER 
CAPACITY 
FOR 
FIRST 
M9-4114 
PERFORMANCE ONLY. rrs THE NOST H njuuous 
SUSPENSE UDE 
OF TOUB UTE! 

SILVER S T R E A N 

GENE WILDER 
JILL CLAYBURGH 

RICHARD PRYOR 

UNIVERSAL! |‘* B L O W " I J: 13-1:3o-6:43-1o:oo “ E M I L I I N N I " I i33-4:3o-R o 5 ^ \ 
AUNiyERSALl ^BLOk 
JOSEPHINE I ' BLOW ' 12 4o 3 4o-6 4o-9:4o IMILIINNI 
11 OO 2:oo-5 OO-* OO 

TUW n 
TRAIL 

“ BLO W O RY” 7:3o-1o:35 

| “ EM IU EN N I” 9:oo-11:55 
IF YOU LIKE IT WILD & KINKY! 

THE MOVIE WARREN 
BEATTY WAS AFRAID. \ 
TO MAKE! 

PLUS 
“EMILIENNE 
AND NICOLE” (x) 

SUPER 
SEXSATIONAL 
IB ID . K U I) 
OU I DOOM IM IATM I 
SUPER 
SPECTACULAR f ,.4 IU U 
L M . 4 1o 
7 3 4 -7 3 .3 
“ DUSK TO DAWN” 
“SEXTRAVAGANZA ’77” if 7 EROTIC MASTERPIECES ic 
IO UNFORGETTABLE HOURS 
OF SHEER DELIGHT! 
^ I.‘‘MISTY 
BEETHOVEN" (X) 
7:3o 
2. “STORY OF 
\ JOANNA” (X) v \ 9 :1 5 
S s 

DEEP JAWS” 1o:45 (x fH ta / 
4. “LOVE GAMES” (X) 
1 2 :o 5 
5. “VACATION IN HOT PANTS” r 

 l:3o 

, 6 2:45 (X) 

EMMA 
7 :3 o - 11:oo ll 
TO W N T W IN 
OUTD O O R TMI A T I. 

D—tmfc H m m Mum 4 I 416 tai O H 

DETROIT 
9:15 

SHE’S ROUGH 
’N TOUGH, 
DON’T TAKE 
NO STUFF 
W HO 
EMMA MAE 
PLUS 

V ISIT THE M U R D ER 
CAPITAL O F THE 
W O R L D 

- ™ 
=* 
DETROIT 
I i») 9 o o o w 

 l A f l l A N K 
O U T D O O R T M I A T B ! 

7. “ALL AMERICAN 
GIRLS” (X) 4:o5 

D IRTY 9:1o 
BLA C K 1o:25 

PLUS 
“ DIRTY 
TRICK” 
(X ) 

PLUS 
THE 
BLACK 
BUNCH 

(X ) 

J 

: 
^ -vi #{ ' • $ $ $ ■ : -v\: ’V. • ■ J##** f 
' x h'r',' f . ' : r 
L v 
MMNMHMM H M !mmmm 
M H H wk 
• 
MS'. ::.- .... 

'W * W M O N EY SA V IN G B A R G A IN S GALORE!! EVERY SATURDAY! I 

CORBET SA*-* 
Hi-Lo Sculptured Shag 
ZV. j, 

Cash ’n Carry Special 
Indoor-Outdoor by Ozite & $ I 5® 

Name Brand VINYL on o/ a h o /, a c c 
Congoieum, Antico, Armstrong, etc. 
NOW to 
* 
In Stock Item s Only 

D o w n to w n 
WE CAN’T BE BEAT 

£ D isc o u n t 
^ 
Carpet ^ 

 edo 
C c va I lo 
=J, discount carpet jsj- 
WAREHOUSE 
W~° 225-44o1 125 W. C E V A L L O S 

IH IO 
Turn East from IH-35 on So. Laredo Ext 

FOR INFORM ATIO N 
REGARDING ADVERTISING 

O N THIS PAGE 

CALL 2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 

RETAIL ADVERTISING 

ONE STOP SH O P P IN G - D O W N T O W N 
SALES - SERVICE - PARTS 
F IN A N C IN G - IN SU R A N C E 
1221 BRO AD W AY - d o w n t o w n 
223-4281 

"DREAM ENGLANDER" 

BERNINA CLEARANCE 

SEW 
YOUR OWN 
LINGERIE 

CALL NOW FOR 

INFORMATION 

N O W ! 
UP TO 
*159” s. 
OFF REG. PRICE 
Must make room for the new 
1977 Nova 9oo & 83oE equipped with 
ELECTRONIC NEEDLE POWER 
BERNINA SEW IN G CENTER 
114o9 WEST AVE. 
344-3766 

APPLIANCE & TV W O R LD 
7 1 13 SA N PEDRO • 3 4 2 -4 5 6 6 » 3 4 2 -1 9 5 1 

SEE THE BIGGEST HITS 
O N B R O A D W A Y 
AT _ 
SALE 
TREMENDOUS SA VIN G S 
ON A U 1976 MODELS 
— LIMITED SU PPLY— 

TUNE UP 
SPECIAL 

Includes plugs, points, 
J K F condenser and labor. 
™ r jg p j/ F Jar 
Special good for most 
American four cylinder cars. 
6-Cyl $29.99 
8-Cyl $34.99 

SPECIAL PRICE ONLY WITH THIS COUPON 
GILLESPIE FORD 
ALL PARTS A N D LABOR GUARANTEED 
EXPIRES 4 -1 5 -7 7 
23oo BROADW AY 
PHONE 227-1411 

We still have a limited selection of closeout mattresses by famous name manufacturers. (Not all sizes available.) 
THE B E D R O O M CENTER 
155o BANDERA RD. - S a tffif* 433-9o71 , 

Page 
I 2-C 
» 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 9 1977 

Jesu s’ resurrection stands the test of time 

FOR INFORMATION 

REGARDING ADVERTISING 

O N THIS PAGE 

/ 

CALL 2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 

RETAIL ADVERTISING 

* 

\ 

AM-FM-MPX STEREO RECEIVER 
WITH 8-TRACK PLAYER, BSR, 
AUTO. CHANGER, TWO SPEAK­ 
ERS ... TAKE IT HOME! PLUG IN! 

Ancient religions were filled with stories of resurrections. 
There were people who were brought from the dead or the land of shades in the stories of ancient Greek and 
Roman mythology. 
There were stories of people who lived as Proserpine half of the time in the underworld and half of the time on the earth. 
The stories and fables of ancient man reflected the yearning to conquer life’s greatest nemesis—death. 
But none of these stories affected people in such a way as to change the direction of history except the resur­ rection of one man. 
Followers 
The resurrection of Jesus Christ electrified his followers into a mis­ sionary impetus that finally captured the decaying Roman empire and af­ fected the lives of nations around the world. 
We mark our date in our calendar in the Western world by the birth of this 
Audit questions value o f panels 

WASHINGTON 
(AP) 
— 
A congressional audit says 
26 per cent of the 1,5oo federal advisory committees in existence in 1975 held no meetings and 59 per cent issued no reports. 
The General Accounting Office, an investigating arm of Congress, said lack of meetings or reports is not conclusive evidence in evaluating a committee’s usefulness. 

A R M ED Israeli border police stand guard as a group of Easter pilgrim s carry a cross dow n the V ia Dolorosa in Jerusalem 
Crosses borne in Jerusalem 

JER U SA LEM (AP) — Christian pilgrims carrying heavy crosses made their way along this ancient city’s narrow 
Via 
Dolorosa on Friday, retracing the footsteps Christ took to his crucifixion. 
Thousands thronged the famed Street of Sorrow for tile solemn procession led by Greek Orthodox Archbishop Simon of Jerash. Escorts thumping silver- handled staffs cleared the way for the archbishop. 

Normally the Orthodox Easter comes one or two weeks after the Roman 
Catholic Easter, but on years like this when they coincide the churches al­ ternate in leading the Good Friday procession. 

The bells of 
Jerusalem’s cru- sader-built 
Church of the 
Holy 

Sepulchre tolled in mourning as the faithful filed through its vast dark halls built on what tradition says were the sites of Calvary and Christ’s tomb. 
In the crowd was one group of 
. Americans led by a priest in jeans and a university sweatshirt under his white clerical collar. 
Kiss stone 

At the entrance to the church the pilgrims of many nations knelt to kiss the marble stone of unction said to mark the spot where Christ’s body was wrapped in a shroud. 
The Easter season brought orders to 
Christians in Uganda to celebrate the day in a big way, Uganda radio reported. 
The radio, monitored in Nairobi, 
Kenya, said Ugandan President Idi 
Amin, whose military regime has been 

 accused of repressing 
Christians, directed all employers to give their workers time off to celebrate the 
■Christian festival and even salary advances to do so. 
The radio also quoted Amin, a 
Moslem, as saying every Christian, young or old, must attend Easter church services. He said this year’s 
Easter has special significance because the Anglican Church of Uganda is to mark its centenary in June. 
Anglican Archbishop Janani Luwum of Uganda, accused of plotting a coup, died in Kampala last February under controversial circumstances. Amin, who claimed Luwum died in an automobile accident while trying to escape, was reported by various sources to have killed the archbishop and followed the deed with a nation­ wide massacre of Christian tribes. 

Wear them today! 

MODERN, HIGH FASHION 
Pierced Earrings 
Ears Pierced 

FREE 

 with your purchase of one pair, 24K Gold 
Stud Earrings o n ly E 9 9 

MODERN, PAINLESS METHOD jQUMBBrtatitBs 

NORTHSIDE 
3111 Nacogdoches Rd,-65*-1543 
NORTHSIDE 
Wonderland Mall—732*9621 
SOUTHSIDE 
Sears Plaza Southside—923-43o1 

 characters were grounded in truthful­ ness. They were people willing to die for the truth of what they had seen, sensed and responded to. 
Verified 

No fact of history is better verified by the constancy of the testimony. Je ­ sus did rise from the dead. His resurrection would be meaningless if it had not been grounded in a sacrificial death. 
The deed that he did communicated the love of God to people who were desperately needing forgiveness and the power to live out a purpose in their lives. 
No theologian or philospher has plumbed the depth of the meaning of that deed. No child is shut away from responding to it. 
Mystery 

The mystery of the resurrection centers in the message that is plain. 
God did something bigger than any of our descriptions of it can be. 
A ballet dancer was asked the meaning of a certain sequence in her performance. 
Her reply was, “ If I could have ex­ plained it, I wouldn’t have had to dance it.’’ 
If the message of God’s love could have been announced and explained without a deed, it would have been done that way. 
The deed of a death on Calvary and the resurrection on the first Easter trumpets a message far greater than our minds can comprehend but mar­ velously present in hope in our lives. 
A world caught in the grayness of despair needs to understand the sun­ rise hope of an empty tomb. 

 man. 
The force of his movement, however, was launched out of his death and re­ surrection. 
That the resurrection was historical fact has been attacked by all kinds of skeptics through the years. 
One of the latest and most scathing attacks has come by Hugh Sehonfield in his book, “ The Passover Plot.’’ The book has now been made into a movie. 
It depicts Jesus as a man with a death wish and martyr complex who actually plots his own death in order to preserve his image as a messiah. 
.Supposedly based on great research insofar as the public relations trum­ peting about the movie is concerned, the book represents simply one more effort of one more man to undercut the authenticity of the resurrection. 
The resurrection stande the test. It was testified to by numerous people who saw him. 
, 
These people were not simple pea­ sant fold easily fooled. They had among them skeptics and intellectuals. 
They were not people who were given to foisting a counterfeit scheme on un­ suspect ingjnistomers. Their lives and 

Hidden Forest: It can be yours 

Discover Hidden Forest as a world of your own — a secluded world nestled in the rolling, wooded hills just north of San 
Antonio. 
Here, in Hidden Forest, you will discover luxurious new homes in a lush natural setting abounding with large oak trees, an environmentally planned 

 community designed with you in mind. 
Twelve of San Antonio’s finest homebuilders are constructing luxury homes now in Hidden Forest. Dynamic innovations in architectural design highlight these outstanding homes, many of which have spacious views of the surrounding countryside. These beautiful new homes are priced from 
$5o,ooo and will be open for your 

 convenience this weekend. 
One of the many advantages of living in Hidden Forest is that the communi­ ty is located just outside the San An­ tonio city limits. Homeowners pay no city taxes. 
The children in Hidden Forest also have the advantage of being in the 
North East School District. Castle Hills 
Elementary, Eisenhower Middle and 

Churchill High Schools serve the area. 
There is also a school site for a future elementary school centrally located within the Hidden Forest community. 
The school is to open in Fall, 1978. 
To maintain the private, secluded nature of Hidden Forest, a Ho­ meowners Association administers the community’s open green areas, as well as the swimming pool, tennis courts 

 and recreational areas. The recrea­ tional facilities are available to all re­ sidents of Hidden Forest. 

Discover Hidden Forest this wee­ kend where you w ill find luxurious new homes in the rolling, wooded hills of 
San Antonio. . 

To reach Hidden Forest, go north on 

Blanco Road from N.W. Loop 41o four miles, turn right on Bitters Road to 
Hidden Forest. Or go north on San 
Pedro Avenue four miles from N.W. 
Loop 41o, turn left on Bitters Road and detour via Interpark Drive. Follow the detour back to Bitters Road and go two miles more until you come to Hidden 
Forest, an innovation in total environ­ mental living. 
J 
< 
? 
NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 9 I 977 
Page 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

 o LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q I 

CLASSIFIED D I S P L A Y - 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 
.txtfrxisoR homes 

B U IL D IN G C R E A T I V E L Y 
FO R Y O U 
LU X U R Y , Q U A L IT Y and an ENERGY I 

PATIO 

 at an affordable price... 

Superior construction and high­ est quality materials make this new 
Windsor home an excellent value. 
Luxury highlights include • vaulted cathedral ceiling • fireplace • ex­ quisite carpeting • central air and heat • garden kitchen with patio serve-out • indoor utility room 
• luxurious master suite • two-car garage • energy-saving construction 

Add a prime northwest location, just minutes to (JIS A , USAA and the South Texas Medical Center. 

Your best new home buy is in 
Forrest Glen today. A furnished model is open every day IO a.m. until dark. 

• NO CITY TAXES 
• NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 

BATH O c f 

MASTER BEDROOM 

DINING 

KITCHEN 

FAMILY LIVING 

BEDROOM 2 
BEDROOM 3 

TF 

ENTRY 

75o7 Pipers Way 
$34,3oo 

PORCH 

UTI ITTY 

GARAGE 

‘ Based on purchase p rice of $ 3 4 ,3 o o w ith no dow n p aym ent, 3 6 o equal m o n th ly paym en ts, V A fin ancin g at 8% per year. 

• NO DOWN, VA 
• NO CLOSING COSTS 

FEDDERS 
MAGIC CHEF 

USAA \ \ \ 

V TO 
A 
Forrest \ \ M E D I C A L ! ' l CE NT ER \ 
-^ G le n t 

Liberty Homes 
» 4 ,5>SS 
Windsor Homes 684*7o47 

 uM ldiO ood 

Bedrooms! 

Northwest Area 
Immediate Occupancy! 

GORGEOUS 4-BEDROOM 
FLOORPLAN! 

Master suite features double lavatory in compartmented bath, plus huge walk-in closet • Fully carpeted • Ca­ thedral ceiling and fireplace in living area • Utility room with washer/dryer connec­ tions • Exclusive Energy 
Package • Complete privacy fencing 

PERFECT NORTHWEST 
LOCATION! 
Northside Schools • Minutes to UTSA, USAA, Medical Cen­ ter • Quiet country-like en­ vironment near Hill Country 
• Easy access to shopping and expressways. 

8635 Tamarisk 

• -rn 
Ar • - 

 mbr 

(iv 

 br 4 

 dint 

• kit 

T~— T. 

 br2 

Hp 

 br 3 
J 
------ ii 

J 
. wit 

J 

F7 

1|!76/ m c 

 gar 
9 

Cash price: $39,5oo, No dow n paym ent and no c lo s in g costs. VA m o rtg ag e 
$39,5oo. 36o equal monthly principal and interest paym ents of $29o OO for 3o years at 8% A n n u a l Percentage Rate. 
Prin cipal a n d Interest 
$29o OO 
Taxes (County, State, School) 
66.oo 
(No!) C ity T a x es 
-o in su ran ce 
2 o o o 
TOTAL M O N T H LY PAYM EN T 
$376 oo 

Furnished models open daily until 8 a.m. Take Bandera 
Rd. 31/2 miles north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 681-3o2o 
Ray Ellison Homes 

> t 

-P a g e 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 9 1977 Records help tax 

GREEN SP R IN G VALLEY m odels ideas in modern hom es 
Innovative ideas in Green Spring 
Valley lead way 

Green Spring Valley, an e x citin g new su bd i­ vision just north of the 
San Antonio city limits, offers homeowners a un­ ique living environment in a natural community carefully planned. 
Subdivision planners w ere a b le to p re se rv e m uch of the n atu ral beauty of the area, and the su b d ivisio n ’s p ro ­ gressive design has used the a r e a ’s terra in to c r e a t e n atu ral r e c r e a ­ tional facilities for ho­ meowners. 
Green belt 
Green Spring Valley residents can enjoy their own natu ral park. The site of this p ark is a 
3o-acre green belt deeded to homeowners. Nature tr a ils wind through a heavily wooded section of this belt. Huge, old oaks, line the tr a ils . T h e s e , trees and und the under­ growth have been left in their natural state. 
The green belt also in-! eludes a p icn ic a r e a ,! complete with tables, and a grassy meadow with a football g rid . P a r e n ts will be glad children can reach the park without c ro s s in g any m a jo r 

Home sales in March rise here 

Real estate sales in the 
San Antonio area made th rou gh the 
M ultiple 
Listing Service showed a decided increase during 
March over the previous month. 
D ata from the M LS, operated by the San An­ tonio Board of Realtors, show that 7o6 sales were m ad e in M a rch , c o m ­ p ared with 571 in F e ­ bruary. 
Home sales 
M ost of the t r a n s a c t tions represented sales of h om es, many of which are pre-owned, according to Ray Ragsdill, p re si­ dent of SABOR. 
The MLS provides an a r r a n g e m e n t w hereby each broker brings his listings to the attention of other members. When a sale results, the commis­ sion is divided between the broker bringing the listin g and the b rok er m ak in g the sale. The 
MLS works to the advan­ tage of both seller and buyer by placing infor­ mation about a piece of property in the hands of all member brokers who, in turn, pass it on to their clients. 
There are 245 residen­ tial brokers in MLS, said 
Ragsdill, and 1,57o resi­ dential salesmen. 
The dollar volume of sales m ade in M arch totaled $22,458,7o6 as compared to $16,615,474 last month. 
The reported sales for 
M arch also broke two e xistin g re c o r d s . T he first was for total number of sales reported reached an all-time high of 951, and the reported d o lla r volum e sa le s totaled $3o,231,235. 
At the end of March, a total of 4,319 listin g s w ere being offered through MLS of which 
1,6o6 had come in during the month, said Ragsdill. 

 streets. 
The su b d ivisio n ’s swimming pool and ten­ nis courts also have been built with the landscape in mind. Tall oak trees shade the swimming a r ­ ea, complete with a wa­ terfall. rock-lined walk­ ways and an island in the middle of the pool. Green 
Spring 
Valley homeow ners can play on three professional size tennis co u rts, but no chain link fence mars the horizon. Nylon nets keep the balls in without blocking the view. A party cab a n a , m ade of rock and redwood in con­ temporary styling, offers resid en ts full p arty facilities. 
The subdivision has been designed for m axi­ mal safety and conven­ ience. The street layout 

 m inim izes traffic flow for g re a te r safety, and se cu rity g u ard s patrol the area nightly. Land has been set aside on the p e rim e te rs of 
G reen 
Spring Valley for c o m ­ mercial use and soon w ill provide residen ts with convenience stores and similar facilities. 
This natural living en­ vironment is located just, nine minutes from Loop 
41o and 15 from North 
S tar and C entral P a rk 
Malls. Green Spring Val­ ley residents pay no city ta x e s , and the su b d i­ vision lies in the North 
East School District. 
P r ic e s ran g e from 
$48,ooo to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit 
G reen 
S prin g 
Valley today and enjoy the natural beauty of thi innovative housing development. 

C L A S S I ? IEO D I S P L A Y 
'CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Without good records, far too many home ow­ ners end up paying more taxes each year than are required by the federal g ov ern m en t, rep orts 
Lawrence Rosow of R O ­ 
SOW & Kline, Realtors. 
. 
“ Because so many of us find record keeping a bothersome chore,’’ RO­ 
SOW states, “ we simply don’t keep the kinds of records that permit us to take full advantage of the tax la w s’ allowable deductions. Without ac- 
.curate records, we pay extra taxes mud! too often.’’ 
14 per cent 

The m ost frequent deductions available to home owners a re payments for m ortgage in terest and a local property tax payments. 
F o r a home-ow ning family of four earning 
$25,ooo a y e a r, th ese deductions can reduce its 
1976 tax bill by about 14 per cen t and save the fam ily ap p ro xim ately 
$55o on its federal income tax bill. 
As im portan t, the home owner’s deductions for m o rtg a g e in terest and local property tax payments should make it possible to itemize many other expense items for even greater tax savings, according to Rosow. 
“ Interest and property taxes’ deductions don’t create much of a prob­ le m ,’ ’ notes 
Rosow, 
“ b ecause m ost of the record keeping job is handled by the mortgage company and the local government.’’ 
O versights generally occur when the home is- sold, Rosow sta tes. At this time, the seller must report the home’s capital gain. Deductible item s include the s ll e r ’s o r i­ ginal purchase price, le­ gal and brokerage fees related to the purchase and sale and most main­ tenance / improvement expense incurred while the se lle r owned the home. The key to reduc­ ing capital gains is an accu rate record in sup­ port of all deductibles. 
Rosow & Kline, R eal­ tors, is a m em b er of 
RELO, the nation’s la r­ gest not - for - profit relocation service, and, 
Rosow Rosow says, “ We work with dozens of families who move every 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

LAWRENCE ROSOW 

 couple couple of years for job -related reaso n s. 
F re q u e n t se llers of homes have learned the value of keeping accurate records to reduce their tax bills.’’ 
“ Other home owners, though, who may sell a home only once of twice in a life tim e ,’ ’ Rosow notes, “ often are unable to document deductible expenses made five, IO or 
15 years ago." 
Virtually any expense you incur that increases the value of your home and that is passed along to a new owner can be deducted from the selling price you report at tax time. Shutters, drapes, carpets, air conditioning system s, d ishw ashers, rem odeled b ath room s 

 and a u to m a tic g a ra g e door openers are all ex ­ amples of items that may be deducted if supported by records. 
Both the product and its installation cost are deductible, but you can­ not deduct the cost of your own labor for do - it 
- yourself home im ­ p rovem ent p ro jects. 
H eating fuel is not deductible but a new fur­ n ace would be. If you repainted the house to make it more m ark eta­ ble, this could be deduct­ ed as an expense. Most items can be deducted at the actual cost. 
“ The problem is that many such item s are p urchased for the immediate convenience of the owner many months and even years before he or she c o n ­ siders selling the home,” states Rosow. “ It hardly seemed necessary at that tim e to keep re co rd s n e ce ssa ry to support some future tax deduction." 
To m ake certain a c c u ra te re co rd s a re m aintained over the y ea rs you own your home, R E L O su g g ests the following steps: 
•Create a yearly file of possible deduction items. 
•File receipts of any item you think might be deductible when you decide to sell. 
E a ch 

 receipt should include the purchase date, a brief description of the product or service and where it was bought and used. 
•As you prepare your annual tax form, review these receipts. If any of these item s were p u r­ chased on in stallm en t contracts carrying inter­ est payments, the inter­ est paym en ts can be deducted that year. 
•Prepare a sum m ary sheet for each y e a r ’s home expenses, transfer­ ring the information on each receipt. For added p rotection , keep the receipt themselves in a separate spot in case of fire, theft or loss of the summary sheet. 
When you do sell, you’ll want to review the possi­ ble deductions with an acco u n tan t or law yer. 
Some of the item s you felt might be deductible may not actually be al­ lowed, but your records will support any deduc­ tions you decide to make. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Garden 
Ttldge 

VT” 

Quality Horn ex in a Country 
Coin niunitv 
F ro m 

*55,ooo 
651-6237 

LodsHow • MlTi*r 
Davy! pp mn ! Co., fen. 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

NAR offers plan for protection 

SPECIAL TO THE GOLDEN TWINS 
CHICAGO - The Na­ tional 
A ssociation of 
Realtors has announced that its Home Protection 
P ro g ra m of hom e in­ spection for existin g single-family homes for sale will be available in 
Texas beginning im m e­ diately. 
Association President 
Harry G. Elmstrom said the program will be un­ derwritten by National 
Lloyds In su ra n ce Co. through Walker Fischer and Associates of Dallas. 
Protects 
“ The N ation al A sso­ ciation of Realtors Home 
Pro tectio n P ro g ra m is designed to p ro tect fa­ m ilies at a tim e when they are making the most exp en siv e p u rch a s e of 

 th eir lives a h o m e ,’ ’ 
Elmstorm said. 
Under the program, an in sp ecto r for W alk er 
Fischer checks the home for existing or potential prob lem s in its m a jo r parts and for structural soundness. An insurance policy is issued after the home is sold for those parts which are sound. 
Coverage is for 12 months. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

* CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I'm Buddy Burns. And I d like to shed some licht on your old home. It your home is 
5 years old or older, chances are it’s obsolete. 
That's right, obsolete. Be- cause at the 
\ # Y time your home was built, there were virtually no energy-effi- ciency standards As a result, many San Antonians are faced with utility bills that may soon exceed their house payments! 

Why NOW Is The Time To Buy. 
Let's look at the facts. Since you invested in your home a few years ago, two things have hap­ pened. For one, you've been making house payments for sev­ eral years, so your equity has grown Too, since the cost of building a new home has stead­ ily increased, the cost of replac­ ing your home has increased. 
BUT, because your old home isn't energy efficient, it wastes valuable energy. And believe it or not, homeowners around the country are actually beginning to lose money when they sell their older homes. Because no­ 

 body wants to buy a home where the cost of heating and cooling exceeds the monthly payments. 
My advice is this: With the money you can make by selling your old home right now, you can probably m ake the dow n­ payment and move into a new 
Burns Co. Power Saver * hom e today. And, while your house payments may be a little higher, the lower utility bills should easily offset the difference. The only thing you can't afford to do is wait much longer. 

 mg and cabinetry, and wood- burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
"wife saver" kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. Luxu­ rious baths with marble vanities and full size tubs. And elegant master suites, with walk-in closets and separate dressing areas. Priced from $46,ooo to 
$65,ooo. For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor. Re­ member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose. 

Come See My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ noon to see my new Power 
Saver" homes in Hidden Forest and The Great Northwest. 
You'll see handsome living areas, with plush deep-pile carpet, furniture-finished panel- 

 kAi u -c p 

11 HA I R.idium, San Antonio. 
Texas 78216 

Power Saver II * Model Home at 
87o6 Timberwilde in The 
Great Northwest 

 lit ensE* on 

 elig ib le for a 
If you held a salesperson’? 
Max 19. 1975 you may be broker s license with only 9 o hours of approved education. ^ e have special classes for von providing 3o hours in only five (5) days. or two weekends. 
The opportunity of a lifetime, but time is short! Call for information, catalog and schedule. 

American College of Real Estate, Inc. 

31o 1 ASHBY / SANANTONIO H X A S / H i' I ? 
I S 121 7Jb 2 o 7b 

3 AND 4 BEDROOMS 

MARKETED EXCLUSIVELY 

By W AIT CORNELIUS 
828-6343 

*33,65o to *36,ooo 
8 % V A Financing 
FHA & Conv. Available 

NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS. 3 BLKS. FROM 
ELEMENTARY & CLOSE TO HOLMES 
HIGH & SUL RO SS JR. H IG H — FEA­ 
TURING. 
• 2 Baths • Custom Cabinets • Central 
Heat & Air • Lots O f Closet Space • 
High On A Hill. 

Open I O A M Til Dark 
H.P. ORTS CONSTRUCTION 
Sales Off: 6oo6 W hite Cloud 
684-1386 hidden forest introduces 
VIEW 

Unlimited 
Amentities. 

An exhilarating Sunday morning on the tennis courts. A lazy Sunday af­ 

 ternoon swim in the 

 private pool. 
A quiet 

 walk in the country air under the oaks. Hilltop views that stretch for 

 miles 
. . . of the hill 

 country and of the downtown skyline. 
No city taxes. 
Northeast schools. And homes like none you’ve ever seen. 

This is Hidden Forest. 

Custom 
Homes. 

Trees cover these beautiful home sites. 

Stunning cnntemporary split levels with lavish 

 master suites. 
Traditional 
3 and 
4 bedrooms, along the 

 creek. 
Luxuriously decorated, vet designed for the live-and-play-at- 

 home family. 
Unusual tri-levels on wooded 

 hilltop cul-de-sacs 

 overlooking the city. 
Country wooded yards 

 with privacy. Ready for vou to move in. 

Call 828-6131. 

Custom homes bv twelve of San Antonio’s finest builders. Excellent con­ 

 ventional financing. 

Priced from $55,ooo. 

Another Denton Development 

 r i m 

AT WOODHILL YOU 
GET AWAY 
BY GOING HOME 

We have one bedroom flats designed to moke it easy for you to 

 live just the way you like. When private moments mean more, our 

 one bedroom offers extra large living and sleeping rooms, plus a 

 separate dining room and a large walk in closet. 

You’ll enjoy the unique Woodhill Lifestyle — a get away without 

 leaving home. There s lots of fresh a ir. . . quiet nights, three pools, 

 tennis court and two club houses. 

 n 
’ T ...I' 
BATH 
D IN IN G KITCHEN 
.JLI 
I 

B E D R O O M 
L IV IN G R O O M 

— 
— 
\L 
_ 
69o-17oo 

WOODHi 

A P A R T M E N T S 

General studies solar power 

SPECIAL TO THS G O LD IN TWINS 
MIAMI — An energy-saving home that utilizes solar heat and improved building and planning techniques expected to save the average homeowner about $175 a year in utility costs is being developed by one of Florida’s largest community development and building companies. 
William McQuillan, vice president of home building for General Develop­ ment Corp. of Miami, has announced that a prototype model of the new 
“ Energy Answer" home will he com­ pleted and tested this Summer at Port 
St. Lucie, one of the firm's seven planned Florida communities. 
More good news 
McQuillan also offered more good news to the energy-conscious Ameri­ can public when he reported the new energy-saving system will probably cost the home buyer less than $1,ooo. It will be offered as an optional feature when purchasing the company's affor­ dable and popular “ Answer Home.” 
Clinton G. Bush Jr ., planning coordinator on the energy-saving pro­ ject, said the system doesn’t employ any newly invented devices “ hut. we're simply taking the old existing solar water heating concept and ad­ ding some new design, planning and materials that will help conserve en­ ergy consumption in a home.” 
While the system basically utilizes a 

T H E E N E R G Y A N S W E R (P R O PO SE D ) 

 rNew Energy Answer Home designed by General Development 
Corp. of Miami will utilize solar water heating for household needs. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 rooftop solar water heating receptor for supplying hot water for household needs. Bush said other construction refinements are being used in the con­ servation program. 
As an example, he pointed out, the water heating and storage tank, fed by the rooftop receptor, has been located in the attic space to present heat gen­ erated by the appliance from entering the living area. 
McQuillan concedes tne “ Energy 

 ciASsiFttF 5 iS P liY-------- 

Answer” home is specifically designed for mild, sunny climates such as Flor­ ida, but the principles of insulation can be applied to northern areas where heat retention Is the primary objective rather than air conditioning. 
The solar water heating system, he said, must he provided with standby booster systems for cloudy days. 
In addition to energy-saving in water heating costs, McQuillan said the pro­ totype “ Energy Answer” home will he 

 constructed with six-inch spun glass insulation in exterior walls and ceiling instead of the traditional four-inch material. 
The construction executive said the basic savings from the additional in­ sulation will permit the use of smaller air conditioning units which require less electrical power. 
“ And. we’re also concentrating our energy-saving efforts on some oj1 the heavy heat-producing areas of the home. As an example, we have com­ pletely insulated the bathroom's inter­ ior and exterior walls,” McQuillan said. 

Other new construction techniques, he said, will include more attic venti­ lation by use of roof-peak and soffit ducts. Also, exhaust fans will be used more extensively in high heat areas such as bathrooms and kitchens. 
General Development introduced the affordable “ Answer Home” about six months ago, and the 1.52o-sq. ft. resi­ dence has been the company’s best­ selling shelter product. The three-be­ droom, two-bath home is priced at 
$28,49o, hut doesn't include homesite. 
The prototype “ Energy Answer” home will be initially constructed at 
Port St. Lucie, a community of about 
11.ooo persons on Florida’s Atlantic 
Toast some 45 miles north of Palm 
Beach. 
General Developm ent also is build­ ing planned communities at Port 
Charlotte on the Gulf Coast, Port Ma­ labar on the Atlantic Coast and Port 
LaBelle near Fake Okeechobee. 

That's what River Bend Country 

 offers. Waterfront hillside or 

 hilltop homa sites--of generous 

 size, modest cost. Prices start of 

$1,495.OO in this proud, restricted 

 and established community on the 

 shores of Lake Dunlap. Just 

 outside of New Braunfels, only 25 

 minutes by auto from San Antonio. 

Year round fishing: boat docks, fishing pier 
• Clubhouse and Olym pic sire pool 
• City-type utilities, paved streets 
• Ow ner financing available 

Directions: Take I 35 to New 
Braunfels, turn right at Lake 
M cQ ueeney exit (FM 725), follow signs. 
River Bend Realty 

1-625-9417 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y ' 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLA Y 

UU 
PLA! TOP 

— W l - 

 t last: 
Drivacy with a beautiful view! 
Bring the great outdoors right into your living room with our newest 
Atrium Home. 

$57,4oo 

 cm\ cfpRinG mm 

A prestige community with tennis courts, pools, parklands and the most beautiful contemporary homes in San Antonio. 

N o t just a sw im m in g pool, a c a b a n a ,a p la ygro u n d , lighted courts, fresh air, g o o d financing, g re a t valu es, fantastic sa le s p eop le ,and m an y conveniences. . . 
VALLEY FOEGE 

I 

M r. 
I I 

 is another fine com m unity built by 
M o rto n /So u th w e st. 

+ 

©J: o m i 
MIL... 
* - • • 
4 . . . . . pn'i y , 
N 
# ' ...I* 

2 car garage porch 

I 
U 
. . . | 
| 
| 

 i i h p f 

I 
I 
J | 

No Payment ’Til July 

Nothing Down V A 

8 % V A F i n a n c i n g 

FHA & Conventional 

Available 

. o 
JCT* 
* hr 2 pjb2 
Do br 4 

# 
• 
* m m 
Trium ph 

*37,975 

JI lo rn }: 

Pro- in- 
VALLEY 
FORGE 
. . fessionally planned 
— to elude an olympic-size swimming pool and lighted tennis courts. 
Quiet . . . yet convenient to I- 
35, downtown, major shopping and recreation centers. 

Com pare, your money's worth in a new home means getting standard features included in the sales price! 
• 3 & 4 Bedrooms 
• 2 Car Finished G arage 
• 2 Full Baths 
• Rich Shag Carpeting 
W oodburning Fireplaces 
Energy Efficient Friedrich 
Central Heat & Air 
Family Size Patios 
Dishwasher/ Disposal 
Privacy Fences 

Models Open Daily ’Til Dusk 
655-5931 

 mortem southwest 

Prices m ay vary according to 

 neighborhood and location. 

Out of town call Collect 
W rite: P.O . Box 18428 
San Antonio, Texas 
78286 til 
(Qual housing 
OPPOBlUNHt 

 t i. 
I 

San Antonio E X P R tSS-N E W S— Saturday April 9 1977 

AT 
J P S 
V 
EASTER LILY still reigns as favorite for holiday 
How to prepare for Easter Lilies 

Bv TERRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION HORTICULTURIST 
E aster w ouldn’t seem co m ­ plete without the traditional white lily; but, during the life of 
George Washington, Easter ho­ lidays were not filled with lilies, for the first Liluim longiflorum 
(the botanical nam e for the 
Easter Lily) did not leave its habitat in the coral rock of 
Okinawa and the Ryukuyu is­ land chain until 1819, when it was taken to England. 
B erm uda, Ja p a n and the U nited 
States were successively preeminent in 
Easter Lily bulb production, with this country remaining the top bulb pro­ ducer today. 
Hold their blooms 

Ii judiciously watered, maintained in a moderately cool, draft - free place and given considerable light, Easter 
Lily plants will hold their blooms for several weeks after purchasing. 
Night temperatures of 55 - 6o°F and day temperatures of 7o - 75°F are ideal for prolonging the life of flowers. It is most im portant that the soil not be allowed to dry out during the blooming period; therefore, keep the plant mo­ derately moist at all times. 
Filtered sun, light through a south or west window, is satisfactory for Easter 
Lilies. After blooming, keep the plant in a sunny window and continue wa­ tering until the foliage begins to ripen. 
Then w ithhold water and dry off com­ pletely. 
In May or June, knock the bulb out of the pot and plant outside in a sunny. 

 well - drained bed at a depth of about six inches. Quite frequently, the bulb will produce a few flowers again in late 
Sum m er, unless growing conditions are adverse or the plant is too weak. 
But you should not attempt to force it again as a pot plant; its strength has been severely sapped. These lily bulbs may persist in the garden for several seasons. 
Although greenhouse conditions are necessary for forcing the bulbs to per­ fection, Easter Lilies can be brought into bloom in the home with fair suc­ cess. Newly purchased, fresh bulbs should be potted up in late Fall or early 
Winter. Plant singly in large pots or bulb pans five to six inches in dia­ m eter. P lan t deeply with several inches of soil over the bulb. 
Give plenty of water and place the pot in your brightest window. Strive for a night temperature of 6I)°F\ with day temperatures 1o° to 2o°F higher. 
Feed regularly for thrifty growth. 
Timing for blooms at Easter is not easy for the amateur, although several years’ experience is helpful. Growers find that high te m p e ra tu res bring along plants that otherw ise m ight bloom too late for the Easter holidays. 
The attractive golden yellow anthers are removed from commercial plants because they discolor the pure white trumpets in handling. 
Root rot is prevented by good soil drainage and use of Terraclor and / or 
Benlate drench. Botrytis is prevented by good air circulation. Benlate sprays are effective. 
Aphids can be controlled by Malath­ ion, Dibrom or Meta - Systox - R. 
Fungus gnat larva can be controlled by 
Diazinon, Lindane or Guthion soil drenches; adults, Malathion or Diazin­ on sprays.1 
Crossing Apartments located at ‘crossing’ 

What kind of residence could be built at a loca­ tion as convenien t as 
NAV. Ill IO and NAV. 
Loop 41o? 
I t's rig h t th e re that apartm ent seekers have found a fine place to call home, even that crossing 
Of m a jo r San Antonio routes. The project, ap­ propriately, was named 
The Crossing. 
Models shown 
T his a p a rtm e n t com ­ munity offers seven dis­ tinctively different floor plans. Furnished models are open for inspection this weekend. 
The Crossing’s a p art­ ments range in size from spacious plans with one bedroom to im m en se three - bedroom plans. 
Among sta n d a rd fea­ tures of The Crossing's a p a rtm e n ts are totally electric, tim e - saving kitchens with decorator colors. Air conditioning is ind ividu ally con­ trolled. 
The 
C rossing also offers luxurious item s such as fire p la c es in larger apartments. 

A partm ent groupings at The Crossing are a r­ ranged in well - defined, distinct adult and family sections, as well as con­ temporary designs. 

The family section fea­ tures “ tot lots" as fully equipped play areas for children where they can be easily watched from apartments. As well, the y o u n g ste rs have th e ir own pool. 

Two large heated pools are on the grounds of The 
Crossing’s adult section. 
A complete recreation - clubhouse building also is on The Crossing’s pre­ mises. 
Among its features are a fireplace and wet bar, w hich, along w ith a number of other extras, create an atmosphere of sheer relaxation. 
Easy access to either 

NAV. Ill IO or NAV. Loop 
41o m eans a m a tte r of m erely m inutes to the 
South T exas M edical 
Center, USAA complex and UTSA campus. 
Of course, a number of other shopping malls and e n te rta in m e n t spots along the Loop also are 

 easily re ach ed , with 
W onderland Shopping 
City rig h t across the crossing. 
The C rossing can be approached by taking the 
Callaghan Road exit from 
NAV. III IO and proceed­ ing west of the express­ way. 

CLASSI PKD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Crossing 

F a m ily & A d u lt) 

S e c tio n s, 
A*?. 

I, 2 & 3 Bedrooms fro m $195. 
THE CROSSING 
3431 Oakdale 
3 4 9 -2 7 2 6 

Located at 41o and IM IO across from Wonderland 

Doifpii to Earth 

Gardeners’ Q u e s t i o n s - A n s w e r s 
By TERRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION HORTICULTURIST 
-Your Extension Service bulletins on lawn care tell about St. Augustine Decline, but they do not give a method of control. Why is this? 

Simply because there is no chemical control. 
Replanting with the St. 
Augustine 
Decline-re­ 

 sistant strain of St. Au­ gustine grass called 
“ Floratam" is the only solution. 

I am seeing a sort of rust on the undersides of my blackberry leaves. What is it, and how should I control it? 

It is a disease called 
Daconil fungicides 
“ rust,” and spraying should give you good with either maneb or control. 

Should I prune back my cold-injured oleanders right now? 

Yes, you should. Prune into live wood, back until you are cutting 

Questions on various aspects of lawn, garden or plant care, as well as landscaping, can be answered in this column. Please address any correspondence to the columnist himself and not to this newspaper. Correct mailing address is: Down to Earth, c/o Terry Wil- bourn, County Extension Horticulturust, Texas Agri­ cultural Extension Service, 2 o 3 W . Nuevo St., Room 
31o, San Antonio, TX. 7 8 2 9 7 . 

River Bend beckons all 
When Mr. and M rs. 
Average A m erican can live every day in a re ­ sort-type environm ent and afford it, that's so­ m ething to write home about. 
And that’s the kind of happy living you can have in 
R iver Bend 
Country on the shores of 
Lake Dunlap near New 
Braunfels. 
Good choice 
In this restricted, es­ tab lish ed co m m u nity, w aterfront, hilltop and hillside sites are offered, and prices start at only 
$1,495. The lots are of generous size. To make the choice even more at­ tractive, owner financing is available. 
What, you may wonder, m akes the living 
“ resort-type” ? 
For starters, there is year-round fishing “ at your d o o rste p ,” boat docks and a fishing pier. 
The water sports alone on 
Lake Dunlap, including water skiing, m ake the 
River Bend community a- perennial vacationland for permanent residents. 
Also available are an 
Olympic size swimming pool and a cozy c lu b ­ house. It all adds ud to city advantages in a lo­ vely, nature-blessed setting, trees included. 
All are just 25 minutes by auto from San Antonio. 
Those city advantages include paved streets. 

CLASSI FIR) DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C LA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

A New 
Lifestyle for 
Southwest / j* 
San Antonio 

674-3675 

° su n n m u e n 

25S4 Northeast loop 41o 
656-1222 

TUMID AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET OHLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IN IO 
ADULT A FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOOOSTONE 

/C \\\U > A 
. 
— 
& A 
• 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
C H A N G I N G C O N C E P T S IN 
ADULT LIVING 

 o 
B b M A D R I D 
APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces 
• 'Complete 
All electric kitchens 

• W asher Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

© 
I D n r b ( E o l u i i f 
A p o rtm e n t C om m unity 

I V MONITORED SECURITY-G A R D E N PATIOS 

LUXURIOUS CLUB R O O M -G Y M & SAUNAS 
, 
I 2 3 BDR 
' & 2 BATH 
S I 85 S 275 turn A dd 
U TILITIES PD 
2o11 B A N D E R A RO. 
4 3 4 -4 1 9 1 
B etw e en H illcrest A C allag h a n 
A Bob Ro** A p a rtm e n t C o m m u n ity 

© 
I w 
The Aristocrat Apts. 
M odern I Bd. Apts. 
$175 Unfurnished - $19o Furnished 

C o n v e n ie n t to A ll S o u th s id e L o c a tio n s 

5 5 5 Hutchins 
9 2 7 -4 14 1 
AMAC M anaged P ro p e rty 

 jErje 
. 
I bedroom 
Apts now 
X A r b a b c o c k available 
Furnished or 
Jfc n o r t h Unfurnished. 
APARTMENTS 
6 miles north of loop 41o 

 on Babcock, turn left ot 
Country living in 
Springtime the City sprm q Branch 
69o-146o 

© 
N O R T H G A T E 
1 
539 ELEANOR 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 
W E S T G A T E 

^ W a k e f ie ld -Stard u st 
Apartm ents 
I, 2, 3 Bedroom Apts. 
$ 1 8 o -$ 3 5 o 
Convenient to all N. Side locations 
! 
85o6 W ake fie ld 
(Across Rector from N. Star Moll) 
34 4 -4 5 5 8 

A M A C M a n a g e d Property 

© 
LA P L A Z A A P T S . 
“ TENNIS W O R L D ” 
• R A C Q U E T B A L L H E A L T H . A N D E X E R C lS t C L U B 
• A D U L T A N D F A M IL Y S E C T IO N S 
• f U R N IS H D A N O U N F U R N IS H f D A P A R T M E N T * 
U T ILIT IE S P A ID 
. N O R T H E A S T s c h o o l s B U S S I R V I C I 
• N O R T H S T A R A N D C E N T R A L P A R K M A L I A R E A 
>15 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 

o 
A j y t T y V V 
From 

ONE 
* 1 8 9 
BED RO O M 
W 
W 

7 1 1 o W urzbach at Babcock 
Next door to M edical Center 

6 9 6 - 3 8 5 1 

O 
* VI I K 
>< LIM.11 
\ r \ R T M K v r s j j P i e r 

 i m IN. I. U n i t 4IU 
UFI Style bg 
(Harry Wurzbach Exit) 
□ LIFE INVESTORS 
8 2 6 - 2 3 5 5 

© cF o r e s t O a k § a p a rtm e n ts 

2 Bedroom Apts. 

F ro m *226-$263 
6313 Evers 
6 8 4 - 4 7 5 5 

; 
NORTHEAST 
® Q 1«j\»i l« r> n o c o nPpai'tm ents 
• Jr. I Bedroom 
• turn. S Lnluf liiHed 
• One Bedroom Larger • Pool A Laundry 
• Two Bedroom* 
• Single lev el, Private Patio 
656-21 16 

71o6 Glen Terrace (Close to Randolph Area)_ 
FOR QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 

C A L L 2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 

W I 
AN ADULT APARTMENT COMM UNITY a h a m i n i t i e s • O N B u s LINE e O n * 

B l - . ten I R O M ST m a r y S e O N I B IO ; K 
I Re .'M S H O P P IN G • I U R N A D D I 

 t 
2 K .1 B D R 
$ 1 8 o to S 2 4 S tfT|j (TIF S P A ID 
33o1 W W O O D L A W N 
434 9394 
A Bob Ro ss Ap artm ent Com m unity 

FOR QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 

 l L CALL 225-7411 

* w in d s o r p a rk m a li 
I 
* NORTHS AST SCHOOLS 
A f 
* i URNiSHED OR 

I 
| \ 
UhifURNISHED 

B i f o i l 
• PAID UTILITIES 

W l 
H 
A 
A n 
• PRIVATE PATIOS l f I I I U 
V 
J v 
* POOLS & PARTY ROO M 

\|i.«rliti< h i - 
483o Roy Bon Drive 
653-73oo 

APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts. 

3 2 4 3 
Nacogdoches 

696-2846 
61 II Vance Jackson 

The 

T ln tn n ian 

.1939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

7 H ' W I 1 H upew^ stoiis 
COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

Xi i i d e a l lo c a tio n 
N o v i lo T u r t l e ( r e e k 
I .oil < o o r - c 

U n til t.iu -tliio n t ir o . 

656-o188 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

»€ Style by 
GI UR INVESTORS 

 a p a r t m e n t s . 

9 5 2 5 LO RENE 
344-9888 

NOB 
HIU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartm ents oft IM IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 
® TARA 

AN APARTMENT H O M E 
UNFORGETTABLE A S ITS N A M E 
C O N V O V K N T I O C * H O N A N O U T IIIT II S P A ID 
8o51 Broadway 
824-oo61 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 
828-7393 

W The BR ITTAN Y 

A SO PHISTICATED ADULT C O M M U 
N H Y WITH A PO O L IN EACH COURT 
YARD 
HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 4 1o 
NEAR NO RTH STAR MALL 

86o7 iONES-MALTSBERGER 
3 4 T -3 1 2 6 

O The Heritage 

A partm ents 
I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $ 2 1 5 — All Bills Paid 
1 5 4 3 Babcock 
3 4 1 - 2 2 2 8 
^NONPomr 

HOMESTYLE A PAR M EN T 
LIVIN G 
451 5 G a rd e n d a le 
691-1o44 
© 
I & 2 Bd Apts. 
From SI 7o 

All Bills Paid 
69o-ooo1 

% c s t 
I 
APARTMENTS 

1o7o7 IH lowest 
© 

NORTHEAST A RIA 
Herrin <3laza 

I & 2 BDR. A T O W N H O U S E S 

G u'dtrn opts with J e a n well kept spacious 

 grounds, patrol, balconies pool, walk to shop 

 ping. feature* plus 

Pe rrin -B e ite l Rd. 
6 5 5 -7 1 2 2 

©FRENCH CHALET 

165o JACKSON KELLER 

THI ULTIM ATE APARTMENT 
CO M M U N IT Y 
344-4616 

 r n W estchester Square 

A p a rtm e n ts 

I. 2. .3 h r d r o n iii a p t-. 

 i oit\«-iiient to Fort Sam anti Hamlolpli 

I I M \ ii-l iii H u t . 
K2H-I 1o3 

A M A C M a n a g e d P ro p e rty 

T erra 

A lta 

I UHN Ii UNI URN 

U H A L (OR (O U PU S 

ANO ST UDE N I S 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 
€>SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 

BLANCO AT JACKSON KELLER 

7543 SOUTH SEA U H E 
341-6251 

© C o u n try Village 
Apartments 

1,2, 3 bedrooms from 816o 

8 1 1 6 < lountry Village 
828-5721 

A M A C M a n a g e d P r o p e r t y 

■ houses M i 
?m m m m u m 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 9 I %77 

21o • M8SES-HBBT8t*ST 
2111 HOUSESWaBTHEAST 
21o - HBUSES-ttBBTHEAST 
21o HWISESHOmWKST 
CLASSIFIED 
Better Living 
Section 

“EL DORADO” 

A pleasant surprise awaits you when you see how much home this cottage gives you for so little down, assume. 

“WINDSOR SQUARE” 

Brick I story, 3-2-2. Wired for stereo and intercom, beautiful entry. 
Assume 
7 % loan. Call for details. 
8M-33o1 
H A R It t A N R E A LT O R S 

PRE-OWNED HOMES J 
TIRRELL H IL L S 
I 

A sweeping circular drive, leads I to tilts 4 bedroom, 3 both home I with 3 fireplaces Nestled among I atom trees on over an acre al J land with room foe swimming I pool and tennis court. Elegant I location for the very discrim- I mating. Nites 826 7668 
I 
N M T 3 BEDRO O M 
I 
3-1 W-l, nice trees, stove and I refrigerator remain, large pan- I tot priced to sell. Nites 826 I 

CUL-DE-SAC 
J 
A cathedral beamed ceiling I lends speciousness to this lovely I 
3-2-2 nome, located on a quiet I cul-de-sac. 
Available in late I 
June. Nites 656-4781. 
EXTRA NICE 
Newly painted on a quiet cul- I de soc. 4-2-1 bas split bedroom I plan, double gate to backyard. I 
Sites 494 2191. 
S 
C O M I A N D TALK 
Owned by Morton Southwest 
Realty, we will cut this price to the minimum to sell. Move in now, 3-2-2, with formal living and dining rooms plus separate fondly room. 
Privacy fenced ! yard. Nites 824 9818. 
A BEST BUY 
This immaculate 
3-2-2 with many extras has been REDUCED and is ready for immediate oc­ cupancy. Nice lawn, privacy fen­ ced end oak frees. Nites 656- 
8218. 
LIVE O A K BEAUTY 
3-2-2 has much TIC. Walk to elementary. Quick occupancy. 
Under $3o,ooo. Nites 658 1428. 

Y O U N G F A M IL Y 
Assume 7 % loan on this 3-1-1, fully equipped kitchen, high on hill, fenced yard. Extra clean. 
Nites 494-2191. 
CORNER LOT 
Well landscaped, 4-2-2 with fireplace will thrill you. Excellent design ond so oppeoling! 
Refrigerator and dryer stay. 2 patios. Nites 658-1428. 

CAMELOT ll 
UNDER $4,ooo equity moves you into this SUPER CLEAN 3-2-2 with 
SPACE GALORE, huge master bedroom, custom drapes, comer lot. Move in! Nites 658-1428. 

Rf CT URE PRETTY 
You’ll find it hard to resist this 
Californian with custom drapes. 
Fleshly pointed inside and out. 
4-2-2, in excellent condition. 
Nites 658-1428. 

COME AND TALK 
Assume low equity on this extra clean, 4-2-2. Has everything. 
Must see now! Nites 494-2191. 

SPARKLING JEWEL 
3-2-2, fully carpeted, garden kitchen, covered pofio. SUNKEN conversation orea, fireplace, professionally landscaped 
Im­ mediate occupancy. Randolph area. Nites 658-1428 

 us-Home 

Looking for a new home? 

TODAY’S YOWL LUCKY DAY. . . 
High Country Estates o 56-4471 

$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
Meadow Wood North 
494-6163 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones-Maltsbgr of Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-1123 
$38,5oo to $55,1oo 
PM 471 at Culebro 

• VA, 
PHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double 
Garages 
• North East or Northside Schools. 

DOllHOUSE 
Far the mama doll and alf the lit fie doll Oad con provide o lovely 
4 bedroom. 2 bath home foe happy living 
Refinance or assume al $32,9oo 
GEE, IT S MICEf 
A pleasant 3 bedroom ? bath home with a big country kitchen, trees ond flowers in a pretty yocd 
The price is right, only $28,ooo 
Present payments ore $2o3 per month if vou assume 
653-435o i f f y 
DIANI! mr/M OWENS co. 
K i T p M 
REALTORS— AUS 
Wafter* Rd O k 

YOUR COLORS 

There s still time for you to select your colors inside these 
2 and 3 bedroom patio homes located in Northern Hills. Priced 
$41,5oo to $47,5oo Use yew 
VA or Conv financing. 

PHONE 656-52oo 

 or 824-o171 

C H A R M IN G 
Almost new I story 3 bedroom. I both townhouse in Camelot ll All appliances Low equity. 
K I R B Y 
The price on this attractive 3 bedroom, I Vt bath home bas just been reduced $2,ooo It can be financed on a VA, PHA, or Con ventionol (ooh Cenlcol air heat, completely equipped kitchen and fenced yard with trees 

FON DETAILS AND VIEWING 

CAU 653 o57o ANYTIME 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

O F C E N T R A L T E X A S 1 

$1 M O V E - IN V A 
| 
CONVENTIONAL 5% DOWN \ 
No Payment Till ARAY 77 

We have several 3 
( bedroom plans. 
^ 

$ 2 7 ,9 5 o -5 3 4 ,O SO f 

AU HOMES FEA TURE: 
J 

1oo% Brick Construction ✓ I 
'Handcrafted 
WoodburnirgA 
Fireplace iS Energy \S Sovin g? 
Package 
Carpet i/" Central I beat air i s Deluxe Magic Chef a lii 
^Electric Kitchen i s 2 Cor Garaged i 
5 FURNISHED MODELS 
§ 
O P E N 9 9 
W O O D S T O N E 
I 
CA LL 
I 
\ JOHN GILLIAM C 
656-5474 

• Real Estate 
• Mobile Homes • Rentals 

I N D I X 

75o -Office Spore Wonted 
25?—Root {stet* Sell or behang* 
254—Deal Estate Wanted 
2S6—Reol Estate loans - Notes 
.7 SB—Real Estate loans Wanted 

I BAI EST ATB 

2o1 — Real Estate Notices 
2o2 -Houses Open fat Inspection. 
2o4 - Property Out of Town 
2o6 -(ondominiums • Townhouses 
2o8— Apartments, Duplexes 
21o— Houses—Northeast 
212—Mouses—Northwest 
214— Houses — Southeast 
216—Houses—Southwest 
218— Houses Moved ond Wrecked 
22o—Houses for Trode 
222—Miscellaneous Reol Estate 
224—Houses, Sol* or Rent 
226—Suburban Property—Acreage 
228—Besort Properties 
23o-lots 
232—Forms ond Ranches 
234— Forms ond Bombes for Bent 
236—Commercial Property—Sole 
238—Commercial Property (leos*) 
24o—Commercial Property (Wonted) 
242—Industrial Property for Sol* 
244—Industrial Property tor lease 
246—Industrial Property Wanted 
248—Office Spore for leose 

Coates Development Co 
Courtesy to Brokers 

MOBILE HOMES 
A 
H O M E 
F O R 
IN 
D IV ID U A U ST S t... completely original in concept, with a “Great 
Room" with atrium, fireplace and spectacular ligh tin g...a Kitchen with His ‘n Hers areas..a master suite with 2 baths. 4 bedrooms in all! 
Greenhouse and fantastic workshop. 
$154,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

3o2—Mobile Homes for Bent 
“ALAMO HOTS” 

G iv e your youngsters a break, buy this hom e near 
Cam bridge 
School ond playground, priced in 
3 o s. 
Coll 
8 2 8 -3 3 o 1 . 
Nites 8 2 8 4 5 o o . 
“TERRELL HILLS” 

Charm ing 4 bedroom , 3 bath home, brand new kit­ chen, ideal hom e for grow ing family. 
Price reduced. 
O ffice 
8 2 8 - 
3 3 o 1 . N ile s 7 3 5 - 6 6 3 8 . 

H A R T M A N R E A LT O R S 

B Y O W N E R 3 2 2, oil brick. N O 
A G E N T S 654-7o34___________ 
W INDSOR PARK MALL 
Come out ond we this one in the new Camelot area We hove on almost new 3 bedroom, 2 bath home on lorge corner lot Very low assumption. $34,ooo. Nites 
656-6332 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
. WHISPERING O AKS * COUNTRYSIDE 

P R E S T I G E * \ MUNtnrs Ie 

• Reffing tuffs ond oak trees ft \ 
C R E E K 
R 
• In North Lost or Northside School Dtttnci I 
\ 
B J 

• Recreation wees 
. . X f t P ' fif r S ~ ^ 
• Homes $5o,ooo to $12o,ooD 
^ 

Potto, Garden ond f State Homes. Or 
8 | b t custom budd, ond choose decor. 
X I f I R 

JU ST L IS T E O 
C h a r m in g 4 b e d ro o m , J b a th home has huge family room with fireplace, separate dining. Hying room. Over 23oo sa. ft 824-4571 

4o1- Apartment Furnished 
4o2 — Housekeeping Ap! turn 
4o4-Apartments, Unfurnished 
4o6—Houses, Duplexes 
— furnished 
4o8—Houses. Duplexes 
—Unfurnished 
41o—Houses, Bent or Sell 
412—Booms, Furnished 
414—Booms, Unfurnished 
416—Booms with Boont 
418—Wont to Bent or leose 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Walk to AH Schools. Charm ing all brick one story, with paneled family room, living-dining rooms. oil electric kitchen, central heat air, electric g a ra g e door and beautiful swim ming pool. Priced in the 5o's for quick sell. 824-3233, 
6*2-91o3 

A L A M O H E IG H T S S C H O O L S - 
L a rg e fam ily hom e in T e rre ll 
Heights. 3 bedrooms, big family room, all carpet, walk to elemen­ tary. 656 1234 bul high enough for a view ond low enough in price to be afforda­ ble. See th is a b s o lu te ly im ­ m aculate 3 2-2, p rivac y fenced, lorge yard , on cuf-de-sac. M id 
3o s. R E A L T O R . 494 1951 
Large 3-2-i, (iomelot ii, eauitv 
653-4555, 333-2123. 
COUNTRY 
I SIDE 
Century 21 
C U P P Y G L A S C O C K 

This is one of the “hard to find'* kind! 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, family r'oom pius an enclosed ialousled porch, living room with fireplace, sparate dining, kitchen with bay window, centra! heat and air. Mid 
SOS. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
822-1646 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 

2 and 3 bedroom with large living areas, rock fireplaces, custom kitchen, beautifully decorated. 
From 546,ooo. 

Early American Delight! 4 large bedroo m s, huge liv in g -d in in g room, separate family room, pa­ tio with arbor. P riv a cy fenced yard . L o c a te d in p re s tig io u s 
Vote icia. Under S4o,ooo. 341-72o1# 
R E A L T O R S. 

NOW IS T H E T IM E lo buy this lovely Spanish styled home in the highly desirable area of E ld o rad o Just righ t for the grow ing fam ily with 4 bedroom s and 2 baths. Will sell quickly at this price, so act now !! 824-o171 

L O O P 41o 
492-1o4* • 494-5249 • 492-2272 
TRADE IN 

 your old house for a new all brick home. 

EASY TO DO: 

Y ou pick one of our new hom es and we take your old house in trade. N o bother, no double p a y ­ ments. 

M A R Y M O N T cu sto m built, brick hom e with ce d a r sh ake roof ..fire p la ce , c o v e re d p a ­ tio...has living, dining and family rooms. Playroom 25xtl and 4 be­ drooms, 4 baths! M aste r suite includes d re ssin g room and li­ brary. 
Study too. 
Sprinklered lawns! 
5189,SOO. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

OPEN TILL DARK 
133o3-o7-11-19 
IARKBROOK 
IN LARKSPUR SUB­ 
DIVISION 
OFF O’CONNER RD. 
Immaculate 3 ond 4 bedrooms, quality built. All built-in kitchens, carpeted, fireplaces. 
COMPARE OUR QUALITY 
HOME5 OF PRIDE 
654-1155 Eddie Irvin 

T H E P R O M E N A D E NO 32 
3-2'i-2 condo. Pool, more. $48,ooo. 
828-41o4. No agents.____________ 
FO R F A ST title service with no 
I unnece ssary delay let A L A M O 
I T IT L E CO . h an d le the D e a l 
227-o231.__________________ 

R E A L T O R S 

Townhome, Rolling Ridge Village, 
3-2, large living area, cathedral ceilings, balcony, sundeck, fenced patio, pool, club house 
A s s u m e low interest loan, or refinance. By appt. 684-3359. 
________________ 
Townhouse, 3 bdrm. 2 bath, wall to wall carpeting, complete kit­ chen, J mi M e d Ce nter, a v a il 
August. Coll aft 6pm, 69o-9155 

N EW ON M A R K E T 
Architect's remodeled 2 bedroom hom e, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g in spacious living room, separate dining, sun porch, all new kitchen, ce n tral heat and a ir. A re a l delight! 
Priced in the 
3o's. 
824-o284. 

A must see 3 bedrooms, I bath, central heat-air, fenced yard, no down paym ent to anyone. C a ll 
824 4521, nites 674 o744 

FOR SA L E BY O W N ER 
Cam elot I. 3-2-2. W alk to 3 N E schools and Windsor Mali. Huge master suite, cathedral ceilings, all kitchen appls, water softener, e x tra clo se ts, p ro c e ss io n a lly la n d sc a p e d , co v e re d patio. 
$39,ooo. Call tor appt. No agents. 
653 8291 
4 2-2 FOR $31,95o. Will go 1oo%VA or FHA. 3'» year old property in very neat condition, N E Schools. 
Q U IC K O C C U P A N C Y ! Just list- ed-see quick! 
828-6343, eves 
653-9596 

Call today on how to trade in your old house o n a new all brick home. 
659-o471. 
T U R T L E 
C R E E K 
V IL L A G E 
2 decorator Condominiums. Both 
3-2-2. Form al and informal living areas...fireplace....gallery I 
C O V E R E D P A T IO W IT H L U S H 
L A N D S C A P IN G . M any extras in both! Pool and club houee. Min 
4o’s 
69o-98o2 

O F F S A N P E D R O S a v e thou san d s bv p a v in g cash for th is 
1oo% stone, 3-2-1 on landscaped corne r lot. G o v e rn m e n t p ric e under $16,ooo. Bob T h o m p so n 
141-7693 
IN T E R S T A T E 
R E A L T O R S 
_ 

Lovely custom home on beautiful oak treed lot with every luxury feature, including large heated pool, sprinkler system. 
4-3-2. 
824-4571 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
M editerranoan charm in this 3 bedroom home in beautiful large garden home. M id 5o's. 824-2486, 
828-3925 
H A R D Y & CO IN C 
R E A L T O R S _______ 

FO X R U N N O R T H E A S T 
3 and 4 bedroom homes 
$45,ooo to $51,9oo 
V A-FH A. No city taxes 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M E S 

B Y O W N E R , V A L L E Y F O R G E, 
3-2-2, fire place, ove rsize d lot, privacy fenced. Equity and os some payments. 656-3449________ 
REAL ESTATE 
Ceraellus I Associates 
Maxi-Value Mini-Price 
3 bdrm home with many extras. 2 baths, double garage. Newly list­ ed, extrem ely ve rsatile young fam ily home expertly finished. 
Closets galore, perfect tor you lf you're o choosy buyer needing a 
$29,95o home Look no further. 
A$k for an appointment. 824-o171 

D eligh tfu l brick, hom e, pre tty treed tot. Spacious living, dining, den. 

B Y O W N E R -V tL L A G E NO RTH 
Transferred m ust leave. Large 
4-2-2 on corner lot. Form al rooms, and paneled fomily room. Walk to elementary school. $37,9oo. Call 
655-9745._______________________ 

2 baths in a split bedroom plan. 
E n io v your su m m e r u nder a lovely covered patio with stone bar-b-q pit. All this can be yours, for $24,ooo, at $168 month. 
656-3ooo Anytime 

Im m a c u la te in and out! 3 be­ droom, beautiful yard, privacy fenced, patio, A la m o H e igh ts 
Schools. 421 R IT T IM A N RD. Open 
1-5 Saturday. 341-7o57. 

Custom built brick. Alm ost new with charm, spacious room, for­ mat dining, separate living, fami­ ly. 3-2'-j-3. 824-4571 
R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytime 
V IS IT A L S A C E -L O R R A IN E 
Right here in Terrell Hills. Sm all complex of tall roofs, chimneys, b alco n ie s, E u ro p e a n ga rd e n , pool. Delightful 2, 3 bedrooms. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

BY THE F IR E S ID E 
Will get your w orrys relaxed in front of this superb fireplace, sin­ gle livin g area, co u ntry style kithcen, located near W indsor, m any extras and only $36,9oo. 
Open terms. 

Tw o b e a u tifu l h o m e s on E D ­ 
G E F IE L D , both have large living rooms ond den with split bedroom arrange m ent 3-2-2, covered p a ­ tios. You must see these. M id 3o’$. 
656 3441, nites 656-8178. 
DON JO HN SO N , R E A L T O R S 

L A S T C H A N C E ! Hidden Creek custom built 4-2-2. Ow ner trans­ ferred. Will list next week - Save now! Open Sat 1o-4 and Sun 11-4. 
9211 B IN G H A M D R IV E . 349-o447 

R E A L T O R S 
R EA LT O R S-Perrin Beltel Ofc 
3 bedroom, I bath cottage with hardwood floors ond covered pa­ tio, in nice, quiet area. New ly painted inside and out. Priced in low 2o'S. 824-o284. 
Century 21 
Private 12x26 pool, no m ainten­ ance fees. 18oo sa. ft. 2-2-2, super nice. 
Vacant • 4 bedroom 
I living orea 
■ fireplace - almost new - corner lot - fenced 
N O R T H E A ST SC H O O LS 
Easy assumption - low equity - 8% loan 
69o-936o 
342-4286 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Colonial on a corner lot, la rge sepal ole dining room, 2Vj baths, la rg e co v e re d p atio, double glassed windows to save on utility bills, fireplace. A M U ST S E E ! 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
653-5259 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 

L IV E O A K -O P E N Ham-3pm 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
341-7115 
R E A L T O R S 
B Y 
U is missing from above. You are missing the buy of the area. This 3 
BR , 2 bath hom e located near 
Windsor Park M all has plenty of extras at a price that can't be beat. 653-6364 (Anytime) 

Van B u m s Assoc 
It's worth finding this find 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home tucked away on a quiet street near pool. 2 living ond eating areas plus a workshop. 
T ake Shin O ak to E n c h a n te d 
Oaks, Harper Valley and Weeping 
Oaks to Sturdy Oaks. Nice price, 
$34,ooo. 

L O V I IS HERE 
3-2-2 with fireplace ... Low equi­ ty and move in now Close to elementary ond super dean. 
Mites 826-7668. 

REAL CHARMER 
3-2-2, Valley forge home, low equity, nicely arranged, quick possession. Nites 822-9438 

O A R ! R O O M 
Fresh as spring. 3-2 with finish­ ed game room. OPEN living con­ cept. Master bedroom, 18x1o 
1oo% brick. Nites 658-1428. 

LA ROSITA 
3-2-2 bonus room for game room or formal dining. Fireplace ond redwood covered patio. 
Nites, 824 9818. ‘ 

D A Y O R N IG H T 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 i H o r t o n 

Iffl m o lt ii 

A N X IO U S TO S E L L. Large 3-2-2, vaulted ceilings, fireplaced den, carpet. $41,5oo. Call now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
A P R IL SH O W E R S 
W ill bring you m ore than M ay flowers if vou oct NOW. This 3-2-2 is fresh a s a d aisy. Plenty of extras. Good location. $33,2oo. 

P A R K V IL L A G E , beautiful 3 be­ droom, 2 bath with separate din­ ing ond den orea, excellent con­ dition. Owner anxious. No down 
VA Cal! for app! 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o696 

W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M ES 
In-town Loc. Super Amenities 
31o2 Eisenhauer________ 826-63o 
M O N T E V IS T A . 2 1, den, fire place. 828 1241, 733-86oo_________ 

H o m e s 
S o u t h w e s t 
216 

16 FT. M A S T E R B E D R O O M in this clean 3 bedroom, 2 bath 
| hom e, carp e t, fenced, m an y , many extras. $26,9oo. 
I R OSSI R E A L T Y ________ 494 7781 
' F U L L Y C A R P E T E D 4 bedroom, 
2 bath home, close to schools and 
Randolph AFB, has Saltillo entry, living and family rooms! 
$51,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 

P A Y M E N T S U N D E R $25o 
Move in. Neat patio home. 2 be­ d room s. ca rp e te d liv in g . R e ­ frigerator, dishw asher included 
Now just $21,4oo. 
John Gray, 
696-533o. 

4 B E D R O O M S in a rural atm os­ phere. Ortly 4 y e a rs old. 2 full b a th s, w ith c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. 
Payments of $151 monthly to the person that assum es this 7% loan. 
Evenings, Curt 533-7677. 

S E P A R A T E D IN IN G A R E A , 3 bedrooms, 1% baths, in o quiet n e ig h b o rh o o d . C o n v e n ie n t to m aior highw ays. Evenings, call 
Silvino 656-2563. 

R E A L T O R S -M L S 

Beautiful custom home in Thou­ sand Oaks, 4 bedrooms, large liv­ ing area with beautiful rock fire­ place, custom kitchen with all the extras, over 24oo sq.ft. 

A R E A L S T E A L in M acA rth u r 
Te rrace . 4-2'/i-2, 2 story. 22oo sq.ft. living. $49,9oo. 656-1234 
Moving M ay I. Beautifully iands- caped 3 b e d ro o m h om e in 
Universal City. Fam ily room with fireplace, I blk to city park, con­ venient to schools. $46,2oo. M ust see to oppreciate! 658-4933.______ 

Situated on choice tracts with m agnificent view s. 3 lyu T * be­ drooms, upper level decks, fire­ places, m odern kitchens. 2 sy s­ tem air-heat. Plenty of room for o garden or horse. Located in F A IR 
OAKS. Drive out IH IO N.W., 16 miles N.E. of Wonderland to Tar­ pon exit. Tem porary sales office opposite Stuckey’s. 

A S T U C C O H A C IE N D A ..built aro u n d a p a tio - a t r iu m ! T h is superb home has heavy cedar beams, a huge fireplace and a contemporary air! 4 oversize be­ drooms, 2 fabulous baths! 
$59,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

VA SALES LISTINGS 

Equal Housing Opportunity 
Correction from 4-8-77. 
2126o 
- 
Insert the following statement: Operability of window air conditioner units unknown. 
189417 
• insert the following statement: Ownership ond operabili 
(y of window air conditioners unknown 

NEW BUSINESS 
•2o532 
6o6 Lincolnshire 
$2,5oo 
ALL CASH 
2-1-ICP 
. Statements required, VA makes no 
(repairs of ony kind to anything in­ cluding plumbing and electrical 
. system, root nor structure. Also, 
* driveway is partially located on pro­ perty to the west and usage is sub- r ted to agreement between subject 
‘ and neighboring homeowner. 
,321155 8615 Sweet Maiden $21,5oo 
A l 
R SSO 
3-1-1 
.Statement required, ownership and 
' operability of refrigerator ond range and oven unknown 
*'21o64 
8527 Creek Bend 
S19.5oo 
A l 
R 85o 
3-1 '/z-1 
Statement required, ownership ond operability or window air con­ ditioners ond range and oven unknown. 
329o97 
292o Sounders 
*$14,975 
A I 
R-85o 
3-1-1 
Statement required, because of the widespread use of paints containing excessive amounts of lead prior to 
19So, we understand the potentiol danger to young children that may possibly exist in this house due to their eating chipping and peeling point. 
VA will make no repairs to roof or groge. 
19395 
617 8 619 [Dor 
$13,975 
A l 
R 85o 
4-2-o 
Statements required, slob is crocked ond VA mokes no repairs of any kind to anything including roof, plumbing, electrical, buildings ond foundations. 
VA will not remove boards nor replace broken gloss. 
24547o 
$24,5oo 
822 Rigsby Ave 8 1o5 lux Lone 
A l 
R-85o 
3-1-2G + 2CP 
Statement required, VA mokes no repairs of ony kind lo anything in­ cluding plumbing ond electrical systems. 
Because of the widespread use of points containing excessive amounts of lead prior to 195o, we understand the potentiol danger to young children that may possibly exist in this house due to their eating chip ping ond peeling point 
329694 
S27.975 
417 Beverly (Schert, Tx) 
A l 
R-85o 
3-2-1 
Statement required, ownership ond operability or rouge ond oven ond refrigerator unknown. Also, property bos a 16 ft utility easement of rear of property 
I 16492 
7527 Cozy Volley 
$16,975 
A l 
R-85o 
3-1 - ICP 
Statement required, ownership ond operability or window air con- 
, ditioners unknown. 

 lf 
-ubject to change in price, prior 
I 

 sole or withdrawal of ony time 
Without notice. 
Offers to 

 purchase will not be accepted where th* broker has failed to submit to VA a signed copy of VA 
Forms 26 8183 Joint HUO - VA non-discrimination certification. 
Tht best qualified offer will be accepted from those received i within 5 work days of the public appearance of the initial or revised listing. Sales commission on 5 % of scries, payable on closing. 

OFFERS RECEIVED i 
35oo7o/Arcimega McVey 
233732 Slater Ludwig 
155914 Denison 
27o379 DePaolo 
2o995/Hodsdon 

OFFER ACCEPTED 
33o713 Stater 
312379/McVey 
29o853/DePaolo 

OFFERS REJECTED 
321ooo-Epstein 

CODED FOR BROKERS ONLY 

$ SAVE YOUR CREDIT! $ 
ARI YOU HAVING fROUBli MUTING 
MORTGAGf PAYMENTS?? 
About to lose your home? 
Let us help save your credit rating, Put equity money in your pocket — with profes­ sional sales. 
Don t wait until toe Iola. Call now 
_______ Strafing !tw Southside 

C H U R C H IL L H IG H SCHO O L 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, den, fireplace, plush carpet, cathedral ceiling, m icro w ave oven, e lectric kit chen, big lot. 349-65o3, 826-69o3 

86o7 G L E N E C k o - 4-i-2, col de- sac, ce ntral air-heat, after 5, 
656-1338, no ogents_____________ 

L A R G E P A N E L E D F A M IL Y 
R O O M is the center of attraction in this lovely starter home Shop ping at Windsor Park Malt fslust m in u te s a w ay . O n ly $22,SOO. 
Evenings, cot! Curt 533-7677. 

Dream Home, 3-2-1. A must see. 
Den, garden kitchen, private pa­ tio, entertain. Only $28,5oo. 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684-7171 
699 oo66 
734-o786 

Manna Worley Realtors 

COUNTRYSIDE SAN PEDRO 
Ow ner m ust sell this exquisite 
Townhouse in Prestigious area. 
Live in the comfort of SU T T O N 
PLA C E. Refrigerator and drapes remain. Reduced from $46,5oo to 
$42,5oo. Nites 732-3113. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 

698-244o 
B R O K E R 
698-2832 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
O P E N A L L D A Y SAT A N D SU N 
2 bedroom, I bath. In Highland 
Hills. B IG patio, fenced, range. 
$12,5oo B Y O W N E R . 138 C O N EY . 
927-7463. 
_ 

A beautiful bright 4 bedrooms- 2% baths or 3 bedrooms ond study 
22x17 great room with a corner fireplace and a wet bar 
Large formal dining, custom drapes and a quiet c u l-d e -sa c lo catio n . 
$74,5oo. 342-4177, nites 344 5371. 
B IL L SO U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

N E A R E D ISO N H IG H ! 4 bedroom home has room for 2nd bath in master bedroom! Living, aining rooms plus family room 22x18. 
$23,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

■A N EY R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
Pickup April Payment and $1,99$ for my equity Priced $1,ooo below fair market value. Vacant 3-2-2 in 
Live Oak. 337 6613______________ 

924-731T 
Of ANH OWfNS CO. 
RI AIT ORS 
S. Central Oft. 
45o S.W. Military 

Comfortable 3 bedroom, 2 bath, well designed home. L arg e kit­ chen with appliances. A ssu m e payments of $14o or refinance. 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 
684-o753____________ 

O P E N H O U SE SAT, and SUN. 
1o-6. Corner Babcock and Crest­ view. Large home- duplex zone. 
W ill trade for sm alle r home or finance sale with liberal terms. 
Call Seitz, 732-9354, 824-2385 
Seitz & Assoc., Realtors 

•BREEZEWOOD VILLAGE* 
Duplex. A ll brick. C o rn e r lot. 
3-1 Vi-1 plus 2-1-1, two to choose from: $43,5oo VA or Conv. 
C U L E B R A P A R K R E A L T Y 
____________433-8257____________ 

R EA LT O R S-Blon co Rd. Ofc 
Summer fun for the family in this 
4 bedroom, 2 bath horn with large privacy fenced backyard. North­ east Schools. 7% V A loan, $23$ mo. 
Owner wonts quick sell. 
$36,5oo 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655-3584 
Nites 
653-8592 

H ID D E N T R E A S U R E tucked aw ay on a secluded cul- d e -sac . See th is 3 y e a r old, sp a c io u s, 4 bedroo m , 2 bath, 
Spanish styling, vaulted ceilings and w o o d b u rn in g fire p la c e , p riv ate b a c k y a rd with sh ad e covered patio. Nites 655-2688. 

B A R G A IN H U N T IN G ? $375 is all it takes to get into this 3 bedroom home with air, ap p lian ce s and carpet. Don't pass it up! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 

N E A R FT SA M 3 nice adorning homes, will sell se p arate ly or together. Good homes or rentals. 

E L DO RAD O - 3-2-2, corner lot, 3 yrs old. Freshly painted, large family room, fireplace, spacious m aster bedroom, utility room, covered patio, brick BSQ, water softener. Many extras! $45,9oo. 
656-1336 

E X E C U T IV E T R A N S F E R R E D 
N e a rly new sp lit le ve l, 4 be­ droom s, 2 % baths, beautifully decorated, separate dining, huge den with corner fireplace, custom drapes. 341-72o1, nites 344-9956. 
Ask for C H R IS T IN E E M E R S O N 
COMING YOUR 
WAY SOON 

B Y o w n e R - H ig h la n d P a r k . 
Large 1-2 bedroom duplex with double garage on large corner lot. 
V e ry good condition. 532-6786 before 11: OO, Sat. & Sun ofter 3:oo. 

Domestic water heating system, w ill sa v e e n e rg y in this 4 be­ droom, 2% bath Contem porary now under co nstru ction . 2 u p­ sta irs decks with unbelievable views. Crows nest and huge fami­ ly room with wood burning fire­ p lace and 2 a c r e s of trees. 
T R A IL W O O D SU B -D IV ISIO N . IH 
IO NW O P E N T H IS W E E K E N D 

B A R G A IN S 
Are few and far between today. 
But this 3 BR home is the bargain of the month. Included kitchen appliances and m any more ex­ tras. $22,ooo. Call us, you'll be glad you did. 

N E A R M A L L S 
3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, family room, covered patio. Big rooms! Owner must sell and has reduced price to 
$3o,5oo. 341-2222 Anytime. 

BY O W N ER- Executive's custom designed 3-2-2, sunken m aste r 
16x2o, fireplace, all amenties, ex­ tras! 2o44 sq.ft. Must move now! 
$47,5oo. 13115 lorkyorke, 653-5993 
Century 21 
D arling Duplex. 2-1, centrai air heat. To p C o n d itio n . O w ner liquidating. $16,ooo. 822-711o_____ 
H AP R E S E R 653-6182 Anytime 
3 P L U S A C R E E S T A T E 
All rock home, beautiful oaks, circular drive, 2 garages, 3 sta­ bles. H om e h as 2 fire p la c e s , beam ed liv in g , d in in g ro o m s, m o d e rn k itch e n , c e n tra l a ir , m uch m ore. C a ll fo r d e ta ils 
R E A L T O R . 494-1951 

C O U R T Y A R D E N T R Y 
....to this decorators 3-2-2 In V A L ­ 
L E Y F O R G E! Single living area, 
25x18, fireplace, builf-in kitchen with breakfast area. Covered pa­ tio! $38,9oo 
69o-98o2 

D U P L E X A N D C O T T A G E 
Large Income, Owner Financed 
533-1oo9 Respondek Rlty 656-5667 
Century 21 
R A Y T EA L, R E A L T O R S 

BY O W N ER : 3^2-2. Fenced yard, central heat, air. Fully carpeted, drapes. $27,9oo Assum e equity 
4919 
Cleur 
Spring. 
732-7848; 
227 28o1. 

Voyage to good living 

6 7 4 -3 5 7 5 

Light and airey 3 bedroom s, 2 bath home, with large living area, great country style island kitchen, tresllis covered patio, sw ing in garage, close to MacArthur High school. Low 4o'$. Owner ready to go 
Call 349-1436 Anytime 

Near North Star Mall. By Owner. 
3-2-1. Stove, dishwasher. 341-5o83 
C U ST O M H O M E B U IL D E R S 
________ 698-2445________ 
Outstanding 4 bedroom, 2 bath rock home offers year round in­ door-outdoor living. Heated pool, huge patio. 2 living and eating areas divided bv a handsome dual fireplace, 2 car garage with door opener. The water softener and m any custom touches stay for your enjoyment. Nites 824-446o 
828-5636 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 

2 story, native rock duplex, 2 be­ droom s each. Ideal location, I block from Jeff Hi. Reduced to 
534,5oo. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S _______ 
IN C O M E P R O P E R T Y 
7 Units-9 units. SAC area $6o,ooo. 
Ginger Watson, W E ST R E A L T Y , 
2 2 5 -4 3 6 6 .___________________ 

Bv Owner. 4-2-1, fenced, carpeted, 
% brick, appl$, $5,55o equity, as- sume $19o mo. 656-6651__________ 

Near North Star Mall 
Alamo Hghts School Dis! 3-2-2 
Cent air, large covered patio 
Fenced. $19omo 522 Sprucewood 
Owner 225-2787 344-6552 
Century 21 
C U D D Y -G L A S c O C K 

V A LEN C IA -O p en 11AM-3PM 

Bargain limiters Special 
No down payment to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some with air and appliances, first payment in 
June. 
BO B D ePA O LO 
.M U M !______________ R E A L T O R 
Attention! Before vou buy or sell ring Belt. We bbv equities. Cash 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 222-9495 

BY O W N ER 4-2 2, fenced carpet ed, close to sc h o o ls. $33,ooo 
Conv .-VA, /’/4%, $57oo equity, $26o mo. 661-4727___________________ 
B Y O W N E R , F O X R U N , 4 2 2 
R a m b le r, sw im m in g pool, covered patio, eat-in kitchen, fam ily room with fireplace, ap­ prox. 2ooo sa. ft. $59,8oo. Equity negotiable. 655-2981____________ 

Beautiful house and garden! 3-2-2 with dual fire p la ce and m any moshy extras. See it today! 

3, P O S S IB L E 4 B D R M , 1oo% m a sonry. Beautiful, well maintained home for only $43-9oo. 824 o171 
C R E A M P U F F 
J u s t L is te d ! 
3-2-1 wilh living and family room. 
Nice home in quiet area. Won t 
Last! $27,5oo. 341-2222 Anylime. 
R E A L T O R S 
J E F F E R S O N A R E A 4+ units 
$675 mo. incom e. A lw a y s full 
Good cond. $41,5oo. Owner carry 
342-9754. 
_____________ 

R E D U C E D $2,ooo 
1-2-1, built in kitchen, se p arate living room and family room, in­ te rco m A M - F M ra d io , 36x1$ covered patio. A ssu m e 7 % V A loan with $192 payments. 
Century 21 
653 8131 Bill Porkins Rlty655 5226 

Century 21 
R A Y TEA L, R E A L T O R S ___ 

B E A U T IF U L 3-2 2 near N S. Mall, corner lot with side-entry garage. 
AH Schools. $53,5oo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
5 bedroom, 2 bath, 24oo fenced, carpet, drapes, garage, covered patio, fireplace, sprinkler system, cul-de-sac. Many extras. 8419 Ca- pricorn, Olympia 658-2519._______ 

By owner. Fox Run, bright Open 
4-2 2, 2ooo sq.ft. Lorge kitchen. 
656-9o64_______________________ 
BY O W N E R in Fox Run 3-2-2 solid stone home, custom built, treed lot, mony extras. 549,9oo. 656-7755 
By O w ner, 4-i-J in L a rk sp u r. 
Beautiful lan d sc ap e , paneled fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , covered patio. 653-9432__________ 

4 A C R E S -N O D O W N , $31.99 mo 
Lake LBJ, coll 341-2oo3._________ 
R A Y TEA L, R E A L T O R S 
L A R G E D U P L E X 
Near bus and shopping 
227-o227 Watson & Son 732-2635 
Let us m ake a C A SH offer for your home or equity. Call now! 
The 
Home 
M ort 
655-12o1 

Near shopping center, schools, 
53o,ooo. Assume 5 % % note, 3-1-1, range, washer, custom drones 
Ouiet, private, excellent condi- lion. 82o6 Campobello. 655-5174. 

M rs. C lean is se llin g th is im ­ maculate I Va story 3-2-2, with of­ fice. Den with fireplace. Over 18oo sq.ft. Lo ve ly, la n d sc a p e d lot. 
$45,25o. 696-533o. 

2 Masonry 4-Plexes, Olmos Park, 
2 Jefferson. Will consider trading equity I or m ore for beautiful suburban acreage north. Owner. 
824-47oo._______________ ___ 

In New B ra u n fe ls , New brick 
3-2'/j-2, 2ooo sq.ft.. Fire p lace . 
$43,9oo. Terms. 1-625-o5o2 
R E A L T O R S 5o Years of T R U ST 
IF YOU W ANT C L A SS then this beautiful split-level 4-2-2 is the one for you. P ric e d at 
$44,ooo with large living areas, fireplace in fam ily room, cov'd patio, w ate r so ften er. Q uiet neighborhood in O lym pia. Con­ venient to Randolph and FL Sam 
Houston. 824-o171 

C A SH for K O M E S 
We Buy H O M E S and E Q U IT IE S . 
Honest, Efficient, and Fast Ser­ vice. We pay all Closing Costs. 
Call Tony or Bernice, 341-6136. 
S P E C IA , R E A L T O R S . 

E n e rg y s a v in g hom e in N.B., solar hot water, elite neighbor­ hood. A ll e xtras, low utilities, 
$52,9oo. By builder, 1-625 o5o2 

N.E. of Son Antonio, you con en­ joy the blissful quiet of country liv in g , ro c k w all a c c e n ts the boundry of 1.4 acres. Home has 
2,ooo sq. ft. of formal ond informal living Wire fence and house for chickens. Call for appointment. 
o58-3535 Anytime 

Gracious living can be yours in this truly elegant fam ily home. 
Custom drapes, electronic securi­ ty protection, lawn sprinkler sys­ tem, fruit trees, garden storage building. 
Priced sensibly at 
$87,5oo. 
C A LL JOHN M A T H IS 824-2385 
S E IT Z & ASSOC., R E A L T O R S 

By Owner 4-2-2 In Meadow Oaks, near Randolph. 54o,75o or $8ooo assumption. 659-1135.___________ 

Large 4 bedroom, 2' i bath, den, formal liv in g ond d in in g rooms, sprinkler system, privacy fenced. 
$41,ooo 
655-5131 R E A L T O R S Anytime 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 

D E C O R A T O R 'S D E L IG H T 
IN V A L L E Y F O R G E 
Popular tloorplan with earth tone colors. 3-2-2, formal living, dining and family room. Cov'd patio ond large lot. $37,5oo. 824-o171 

Home plus income. On corner lot. 
I bedroom each side plus 4 room cottage on Piedm ont. Call now 
824-4521, nites 674-o744 

L Y T L E , T E X A S 
3 bedroom home, large lot, repair and save. Only $12,ooo total. SA M 
W ORD, 
R E A L T O R 
1-663-2621 
Devine_________________________ 

Cosh for your Northside equity 
Larry Barnebey341-4455, 684 29o9 
Bv Owner in Valencia. Charm ing 
4-2-2, shady corner lot of cul-de- sac, corpet, privacy fence, walk to school and pool. V A appraised 
$42,ooo. 653 8437________________ 
FO R Y O U R H O M E OR E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G CO STS 
924-4331 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 

25 Mi From San Antonio, S on 281, 
3o acres. 6 room house, garoge, storeroom, deep well. 15.6 peanut allotment. $55,ooo. Call Bob Stin- son, 1-569-4593__________________ 

BE ST B U Y in Town. 3 bedrooms, spacious living + dining, built-ins, patio $15oo equity-$2o6 mo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

R E A L T O R S 
IM A G IN E 
Just $19,9oo for fully carpeted 3 bedroom home, garden kitchen. 
RO SSI R E A L T Y ________ 494 7781 

R E A L T O R S Randolph Ole 
N E SCH O O LS 
I sp a c io u s liv in g a re a, 3-2 2, drapes, covered patio, inground pool, privacy fence. $35,5oo 
R O SSI R E A L T Y ________ 494 7781 

4-Plex, Trinity, SAC area, 4 fire­ places, $25,ooo firm, 736-2976. 
R E A L T O R S 

N IC E 3 bedroom, I bath, lorge m etal w orkshop, 2ox2o room s, used as beauty shop or could be huge den. All this on % acre. 
H U G H E S It B R IS C O E 
924-4331 R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5597 

Priced for quick sole! My equity and apartment bldg. All rented. 
Incom e $75o mo. G ood ren tal area. 342-4459__________________ 
Bring your paint brush, no down payment to anyone 3-4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, som e with air and att appliances. Payments less than rent. 
BO B D ePA O LO 
344-3o91______________R E A L T O R 
D R E A M H O M E ! 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, with garage professionally converted to beautiful den. Fully carpeted. N E.I.S D. Only $23,ooo. 
G A SE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 

28x13 den, living room with fire­ p lace , 3 n ice size b e d ro o m s, study, two baths with all the extra amenities in kitchen. Ail this for only $2o3 month at 7% VA note, in the low 3o $. N E. School District. 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 

From the cul-de-sac approach to the terrazp entry to the privacy fenced yard, this home is perfec­ tion. 3-2, dining room. F A M IL Y 
R O O M , 
( F P , h igh b e am e d c e ilin g ) p lu s 
G A M E R O O M . 
Sprinkler SVS. $57,75o. 826-2347. 

IM M E D IA T E CASH 
For Your Home. We pay all clos­ ing costs! We also take trades. 
Cali 
494-5571 
635-8474 
532-3252 

Super clean, corner tot Location ond m any extras go with this 4 bedroom home 2 bath, double garage, and priced to suit. 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
St M a r y ’s U niversity orea. E x ­ cellent condition. A v e rag e net monthly income $315. Some fur­ nishings. $26,5oo. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824-91o9 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 
Century 21 
3 levels of luxurious townhome living are offered the discrim in­ a tin g b u y e r. F e a tu re d are 3 s p a c i o u s b e d r o o m s , 2 ' j b a t h s , fireplace, area-controlled air con­ ditioning. Lovely carpeted atrium plus mini balconied patio, many elegant amenities! Nites 653-4139 
828-5636 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
REALT O RS-Austln Hwy Ofc 
New ly decorated- landscaped, 
3-2-2, split bedrooms, low eauitv. assume pmts. 653-9254__________ 

R E A L T O R S-P e rrin Beitel Ofc 
B U Y OURS... 
Our Seller-Participation Option s a v e s m oney tor b u y e rs and se lle rs. 
F o r d e ta ils, c a ll 
Homeowner Marketing Service 
349-4373. 
_ 

R E N T A L M A N A G E M E N T 
Have our professional staff han­ dle you rental property. Call tor details today. 
534-8826 
Niles 494-14o4 

N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
23oo sa ft. 2 story custom home. 4 large bedrooms, ail with lighted walk-in closets. A D T fire alarm system, custom drapes, gas BSQ, water softener. Much more! A s­ sume or refinance conv. $62,5oo. 
Coll 655-o593.__________________ 
By Owner-Northern Hills 
Owner Anxious! 
3-2-2, fireplace 653-8558 
Bv O w ne r""6 ld F a rm ll, 4-2-21 fireplace, carpet, privacy fence and patio, utility room, cornices and drapes. $41,ooo. 656-4385 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Best assumption in area on this im m aculate 3 bedroom, 2 both, den home. C overed patio and greenhouse. 54,2oo assum ption. 
Northeast schools. $3o7 monthly. 
Call to see! 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6683 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 

S A L T IL L O T IL E , track lighting and on atrium patio m ake this unique home lust a tittle different! 
F ire p lac e d liv in g a re a , g a m e room 23x2o 4 bedrooms! 
$58,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

8 unit apartment house 222 Pick- nev, Owner willing to take in du­ plex on trade. 
684-4211 or 751-994J 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
8 -U N IT 
A P A R T M E N T 
C O M P L E X . Located N ortheast area. Separate meters, laundry facilities. Furnish ed and fully rented. Income $9oo per mo. Total price $65,ooo. Owner will carry. 
Tower View Inc. 732-6157 

EAST TERRELL HILLS 
All brick 3-2-2 with lovely den 
Beautiful carpeted avocado kit chen. Open te rm s. M id 2o’$. 
344 3o78 nites 492 2831 
DON JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
BY O W N E R A G E N T , Redecorat ed 2-1-den, 335 Teakwood, new roof, central air. $29.9oo. 822 3o41 

Rock trim 3-1-1, V A $17,ooo 
828-o665 
736 1766 
734 4117 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
NO DOW N to anyone, new list of 
Government approved • financed homes. 3-4 bedrooms. Some ap ­ pliances. First payment June. 
222 9616TERRA R EA LT Y2 4 H RS 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
BY O W NER, 3-2-2, assum e 7 ’ i% 
Conv., low equity, large corner lot, priv fence, large den with fireplace, all opals. 656-3258_____ 

5 % R E N T A L 
M A N A G E M E N T 
Do you have to move, but want to keep your home? We will m anage your home for you at half the price and still give you 1oo% of our 'R E D C A R P E T T R E A T ­ 
M E N T '. Call M a rk P la ste rs/a t 
824-o171 for more details. 

By owner, beautiful 3-1-1 home near Regency Elem . N .E.I.S.D . 
Carpeted, d rap es, fenced and lan dscaped, ce n tral heat-air. 
$26,5oo. 824-1741__________ 
By Owner. Cam elot ll 2 story, 
2,ooo sa.ft. 4-2Vz-2, swim m ing pool, la n d sc a p e d , fenced. C u sto m drapes. $49,9oo. or assum e 7 % 
VA. 653-863o________________ _ _ 
By Owner, Camelot It, N E I.S O. 
3-2-2, cent heat-air, garden kit­ chen, indirect lighting, mony ex­ tras. $41,75o. Open Sun 2-6. 6826 
Leyland. 654-o222______________ _ 

3 levels of luxurious townhome living are offered me discrim in­ a tin g b u y e r. F e a tu re d are 3 s p a c i o u s b e d r o o m s , 7 ' ? b a t h s , fireplace, area controlled air con­ ditioning. Lovely carpeted atrium pius mini balconied patio, many elegant amenities! Nites 653-4139 
828-5636 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 

JUST L IS T E O ! Contemporary 2 story, white brick home. 5 Be droom, 2' j baths. One living area with bar an double F ireplace. 
Extra lorge dining room. Gam e room big enough for pool table, ve ry b righ t and ch e e rfu l and t a s t e f u lly d e c o r a t e d C a ll 494 765! 
A N Y T IM E . 

BY O W NE , Old Farm ll, 4 2 2, 
16oo sq. ft. fireplace, util, room, coy patio, in te rco m , p r iv a c y fence, $38,5oo. 7?«% 653-4915. 
By owner, 3-2-2, on W oodlake 
Cut-de-sac, fenced yard, covered patio, o dioce n t ga rd e n patio large den, (ow equity-assume $269 mo. 661-7658. 
___ ____ 

E A S Y L IV IN G 
Is the motif for this charm ing 4 bdrm, 2 bath home in Valencia. In mint condition, it is priced to sell at $41,9oo. In clu d e s intercom , large lot, covered patio, m any appliances. 824-o171 

Delightful two story on cul-de sac with large recreation room $ be­ drooms, 2 decorative ba dou hie garage, 75% brick, rany extras. 
6S8-3S35 A n y t im e 

That's Right' J large bedrooms, fully draped. L a rg e open living area with fireplace, truly a fan­ tastic buyt Better Hurry! 
349-5111 or 349-3535 Anytime 

See th is b e a u ty ! P ric e d for 
Q U IC K sale. Potential income. 

S E L L IN G Y O U R OW N H O M E ? ? 
Need action now? List it with 
Hart M cCorm ick Realtor 344-5564 
344-8o21 
W ALK TO ST. M A R Y S 
Furn. duplex. Tenants pay util except water. Ow ner financed 
Excellent terms. $18,ooo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

R E A ! TORS R a n d o lp h Oft 
R E A L T O R S N. Central Ofc 
W E B U Y E Q U IT IE S 
We Pay All Closing Costs 
Tanglewood Rlty 655-7713 

B L O S S O M P A R K , lovely earth tone colors, cheery sky lighted bathrooms, fireplace, self clean­ ing oven, 3-2' j-2, priced to sell, 
537,9oo, by owner, 494-5792 

R E A L T O R S 

REALT O RS-5o Years of T R U S T 
R E G E N C Y 
P L A C E . 
3-2-2, separate dining, fireplace, N E schools. Low 5o's. 655 9o23 
A floor plan you'll love with plenty of room for entertaining. Living and dining room plus lorge family room with fireplace. 4 Bedrooms 
2'.'2 baths, wet bar, 18 x 36 pool. 
Professional landscape. $58,5oo. 
Nites 655-5693 

L A U R E L H G T S 
Redecorated brick and cedar off 
M c C u llo u gh 1 Wide from porch 
...separate living and dining ...2 fireplaces! Modern kitchen, 2 be­ d room s, I both 
Lo ad e d with charm! $22,5oo 
69o-98o2 

Century 21 j 3-2-2, fireplace, country kitchen, covered patio, carpeted, fenced, large yard, alt appls, 144o sq.ft. 
, Schools close, closing cost paid. 
$36,9oo. 653-5312, 536-3622________ 
By owner, 3-1'2-1, cent heaJ air, fully equipped kitchen, garden a re a, 7x1o s to ra g e b u ild in g , corner lot. 658-2561 offer 5 week- doys, anytime weekends________ 

B Y O W N E R - B e a u tifu l T o w n ­ house. 18oo sq .ft., 2'/2 b ath s, sacrifice, 654-1113 or call collect 
557-6714____________ _ 

 or lot for cash. Fast service. Will trade. 
BO B D ePA O LO 
344-3o91______________R E A L T O R 
E L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 
F R E E Referrals to other homes 
"F o r Sale Bv Ow ner" 342-9393. 
Son Antonio Homeowners Broker 
21o HOUSES WORTHEAST 
M A R Y M O N T A R E A - Luxurious 
3-2,/2 T O W N H O U S E with dram a­ tic 2 -sto ry liv in g room w ith fireplace. H as master suite down. 
Plush corpet, drapes, wet bar, atrium, 3-car garage. 826-2439 
R E A L T O R S 

B y O w ner. S to ra g e g a lo r e ! 
Detached garage pius storeroom and carport. Living 13x19, dining 
12x17, bedroom 12x13. I ox 13. 
Near Windsor Pork. 655-1o27 
Century 21 
R E A L T O R 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E 
‘A D O R A B L E 
C O T T A G E . 
P rivacy fenced, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths. Country kitchen com es complete with refrigerator, dish­ washer, washer and dryer. Living room has fireplace. Low, low a s­ sum ption. O nly 5 m onth s old. 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

By owner, 4-2-2, central air, car­ pet, appliances, p rivacy fence, intercom, N E ISO, Valley Forge 
$42,ooo 654-o814________________ 
By Owner. 4-2-2, corner lot. VII loge North. N E schools. 654-6115 

W e 'll sell your hom e for $3oo commission. Call Anytime 
By Owner. Thousand Oaks. 3-2-2, living, dining, den, fp, full carpet­ ed, cath, ceiling, cent air-heat, cust drapes, bk area, intercom, coy patio, I yr old. Low equity 
494-5145_______________________ 

E. TERRELLS HGTS. 
LOOKING 
FOR A HOME 
CALL 654-7131 

4226 JU D IV AN , 3-2 2, quiet neigh­ borhood, la rg e co vered patio, 
$35oo down a ssu m e p aym en ts 
Owner agen!. 822-1552, 655 748o 

S A V E $1,ooo. T O D A Y ! 
You'll Save Realtor Fees on my beautiful two bedroom, two bath, condo, w ilh fire p la c e , d is h ­ w asher, re frig e ra to r, w osher- dryer, custom drapes and many extras. $29,5oo. Close to Colonies 
Nnrth and Wonderland off IH-1o. 
7711 Callaghan No726. Open from 
2-6pm or Call 699-o56o.__________ 

732-2918 
228-91o4 
732-5355 
WHY LIST 
YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o DAYS??? bet me m ake you o cosh offer. Top dollar paid for your homo or equity ond I will pay ail closing cost. 
Prompt ond efficient serv­ ice. Your Money on Tltlo 
Chock! Broker and attor­ ney leads paid! 
. 
. 
- 
- 349-453) 
S . A . R e t . 24 Hours 

W H Y P A Y R E N T ? Own your own home, no down paym ent to a n ­ yone! Payments less than rent. 
Lloyd Montgomery______658-18o6 

By Owner-267 Covino. 3-1-1, reo sortable N E schools. 658-6867 
By owner, transferred. Valencia, 
4-2-2, % brick Cul-De-Sac, large fenced vord, m any fruit frees, 
$38,ooo terms 655-6933.__________ 
By O w n e r-V a le n cla , i-i-2 , at! major appls. E xtra s! $38,ooo or best offer. No ogents. 656-8228 

•YOU G E T CASHIO 
In I day for your home, “A s Is" 
Any area. I pay everything! Call 
24 hrs. Ask for Adolph. 433-329S. nites, 828-4817. 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O P 5 

Super clean, large 4-2-2, 3 yrs old, large yard, completely furnished patio, built-in brick Bar-B-Que, pool, iivm g dining rrn, separate dinette, den with fireplace, carpet thru-out, 2,ooo sq.ft. M id $5o's. financing negotiable. 123o1 Grnn 
Vista - Open House 655-1o28 

W ith good flo o r p lan to c o m ­ pliment this 4 bedroom, 2 bath. 2 car garage, den with fireplace and just so much more lo eniov. 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 

REALTQ RS-5o Years of T R U ST 

A L A M O H E IG H T S S C H O O L S ! 
Charm ing home with 3 lorge be­ drooms. study...living, dining ond family rooms! Saltillo polio! 
$37,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

T h is sp an ish beauty, with low ! equity with VA, 3-2-2, has den with fireplace, covered patio, plus ex­ tras, 
$38,7oo. 
656-3441, nites, 
656-8178. 
DON JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 

By Owner, Valley Forge, 3-2-2, den, carpet. $286 mo. $3,ooo equi- ty. No ogents. 656-7378.__________ 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

3 bedroom, 2' i bath, luxury 2 story Townhouse, I car fin­ ish e d g a r a g e . 
$4o,5oo. 
684 o711, 684-8311, 344-4397 

BY OW NER-Valencia, 3-2-2, large beamed, family-living room, fire­ place, eat in kitchen, buitt-ins, walk to swim club, elem. school. 
$4o,5oo. 656-1639._______________ 

A LL B R IC K 3 bedroom I' 2 bath 
H O M E B U IL T ON Y O U R LOT 
$16,95o IOU Gurdina off W. Ave 
S P EC IA B U IL D E R S Inc.349 1491 

R E A L T O R S -Austin Hwy Ofc 
3 2-2, F ireplace, $38oo Equity 
657-o776, No Agents 

THE N U M B E R TO C A I I 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

16861133 

 ban Antony EXPRESS-NEW S~Satu rd ay April 9 I 977 

E i " S s £ S W fiRTM L_l 212 HOMES NORTHWEST 
111 HOMESliORTHWEST___________212- 
I 
SPECIAL REDUCED 
PRICE 
| 
ONLY 2 LEFT 
| AT $44,2oo 

 i 
* *fm tom® wooded j «re wood­ ed tot 4 2 2 feature*; bondcrcf- i ted wood burning fire place pk i wall to wall carpeting, Magic Che! all electric kitchen, electric 
: garage door opener, full energy 
: wring pockoge with all brick con 
: eduction, located in prestigious 
; OAK CRIIX Conventional hmm 
: ting with 5 % down. These homes 
: will not be ovnilable for sale but a 
I few days. Call today 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
J 
EXECUTIVE 
J 

* 
C O U N TR Y ESTATES 
* 
: * 
* 
^ * I 3 acre * 4 bedroom * * w. wood burning fireplace * we* ^ 
; jl bar, * mony extras Mr quiet ^ 
I ^ country living with all the city ^ j X conveniences * no city taxes * jw 
I J one of a kind * cornel lot * ^ 
' J purchase before price increase dr ^ 
J a bargom S59,9iO. 
T 
X 
V * financing available. 
M 
; * 
Call 
J 
* 
TO M H O T M A N 
* 

MCCRELESS AREA 
At the encl of aute! culde-soc, you con purchase a 4 bedroom, J bath and den home on a huge lot which has been landscaped bv Los Pa has, fe atu rin g D 'H a n n is trellis co v e re d p atios a n d tre e s and plants that defy description plus other extras Appointment only 
Call 349-143o Anytim e 

I u s-H o m e 

J 
OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

I 
W I CAN NOW TAKE 
| 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
, 
$1 M O V E IN V A 

I 
5% DOWN (ONVCNTIONAt 
II 
NO P A Y A N T Till iUNf 77 

. 
3 a n d 4 b e d r o o m plans 

J $ 3 7 , 5 o o to 
$ 4 d ,2 5 o 

A !' h o m e s fe a tu r e t n e r g y saving package, ct-nticl heat-air, carpet and 

 h o n d sf a ile d w o o d burn mg 

J fire p lace s, deluxe* M a g ic 

1 
C h e f all electric kitchen, 
" and 2 car garage. 

I 
6 FURNISHED MODELS 

I 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
I 
TW IN CREEK 

I 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

MLW LISTING - m lovely neighborhood, immaculate 3 targe bedrooms, living room, paneled dining .oom, heat and air. large yord. terms. Only 

SIS.5 oo 

778o sa ft and too 
Brick. 4 be­ d ro o m s, e x tra lo rg e fire p lac e 
Lattice ced ar covered po ho A really fine home Niles 433-6658. 
34V 4343 or 349-i s i s Anytim e 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
SPANISH (OMUu o44R' - love tv twofer- beme. forge entry hail in sat tho file huge sunken 
% ft den surrounded by M M widows for yew pfonh. 
4 bedroom, 
3 beth, master bedroom bos setting area, 
I bedroom with 
M f both for mother-in low room 
OLDER HOME - Need a large home tor a beg family? 
S bedroom, 2 bath home, 2 large living areas, central heat-air. new roof, corpn, and apphanm 
Beiow $5o,ooo 
COMPASS REALTY 
494-16o1 494-3o12 

OFF HOLMGREEN RD 

TOTE 2 BEDROOM - carpet in hvin bination fenced yord. PHA VA terms 
B E A L T O R S -B la n c o R d O k 
INC, R E A L T O R S 
SA N P E D R O H IL L S (Oak Hollow 
■Estates Oft Brookholfow ) Mend some 3-2-3 brick with F P . 152,95o 
■ J O N E S -K IN G 826-2439. 
BELLAIR 
TOW N V IE W E S T A T E S 
By Ow ner 3-2-2. living, fireplace, util, room, beamed fam ily room, fenced. L a n d sc a p e d , w ail-w all carpet, Ig corner lot. All clee. kitchen, patio, all brick. 8°® VA. 
484-o374.__________________________ 

HIW LISTING - brick 3 bedroom, 2 full baths, targe living area with new forpet. Air and heat, terms 
■SAN P E D R O H IL L S Spacious 5 bedroom Northeast schools. 242o 
:sq ft liv in g a re o A ssu m p tio n , 
1555,9oo. 494-1433._____________ 
EAST CENTRAL 
T r a n s f e r r e d C o lo n ie s N o rth - 
(Su m m it A re a ) 
4-2-2, 2 story, form al liv in g -d ih in g area, c a r ­ pets, drapes, fam ily room with fireplace, built-ins. patio, fenced ya rd . M u st see to a p p re c ia te ! 
S55,ooo. 494-8533 342-9393 ________ 

CONVENIENT TO BROOKS - 3 bedroom, I Vt both, separate dining, cen tral bent and air Attached goroge, fenced yard. Assume or refinance. 
Seller will pay d o sin g cost on a con ve n tion al toon on th is 3 be 
'droom with alm ost 543oo sa ft 
’C entral a ir, fa m ily roam . split: b e d ro o m , fe n c e d y a r d 
O n ly 
$21,45o. 342 4177, mteS 344 5371 
S IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
Sp anish C ontem porary. Con* an­ ient to Randolph Spec n j* 4 2-2. su n ke n liv in g roam , a fist loft 
2ox3o fam ily 'O O T tn aplace. for m oi d in in g ro o m , e a t-a ir, a p ­ pliances Assum e $344 per mo. or refinance. Witt trade iii* 
B O B O e P A O L O 
,344 3o91________________R E A L T O R 
S P E C T A C U L A R V IE W 
2357 sq.ft of pore lu xu ry living. This p lu sh 3 b d rm hom e b o a s ts so m any extras that si really m ust be seen to be appreciated. M id 8o s. 
494-5221 
A N Y T IM E 

 u s-H o m e 
43o HOLMGREEN RD 
NEAR MIDDLE SCHOOL - (ustom built, 3 large bedroom. ? both, spacious living area. Heat and oil, 2 cor gorage. 1oox361 shoded tat 
^ 
Of CENTRAL TEXAS 
* 

* ★ 
* ★ 
* * * * ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
* * 
In residential area Live rn one, rent the others Designed for low m a in te n a n c e . H e a v y d e m a n d area. 537,5oo. 
734-2225 
HIGHLANDS 
NEAR BUS AND SHOPPING — 3 bedrooms with 22x12 family room At lathed gorage, fenced yord. Terms. u s-H o m e 
3-2-2, Spanish, with nice, fenced yard, carpeted den, central air o n d heat 
N o rth sid e sc h o o ls 
$39,95o V A -F H A or assu m e low in te re st note. A n n C a rtw ig h t, 
494 533o, 342-3778 

• W oo d ed SH*® ta# r e t v ACV 
• 4 CHok* North Communities 
(Including N e w Sro u n tak ) 
• tow Tone* M a k e e a sy Pur­ chase Terms 
• 17oo Sa. ft. I,V in a . 3 Ca# 
G o r o g * 5 37 ,5oo 
• 268o Sa. Ft. liv in g . 3 Ce# 
G o re e * 549.75o. 
Search TH* H om e M a rk e t O v e r 
T H IN Call U S I.. 
, 
Swinney Co. 
IAH 
Sillily 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o 1 

R E A L T Q R S -M a in Ave Ole 
5 3 2 - 5 2 4 5 

 n it e s , 3 3 7 - 7 1 3 3 
5 acres of oak trees, fenced and cross fenced with stables, 5 stall horse wash room, teed and lack room, groom s quarters. Lovely home, 3 bedroom s, double fire ­ place, extra large front and back p a tio b u ilt fo r e n te rt a in in g . 
P r o f e s s io n a lly la n d s c a p e d grounds. $135,ooo 656 3441, nites 
Conway Spencer 494 2116. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

Throughout this executive home. 
5 b e d ro o m s, 3'a b a th s, go m e room, T V room, study and more. 
F ab u lou s view of C ountry Club and hills beyond from house or 
22x27 entertainment deck. Call tor detail list of features and rooms. 
Call 349-1436 Anytim e 

OUT-A-SIGHT! 

An immaculate, well maintained 3 bedtaom, 
2 bath home; pro­ fessionally converted 2 tor garage with fireplace ond Saltillo tile; ap­ pliances and storage shed. Won t last long! 

T h is recently listed 3 bed room hom e is in a p re stig io u s area. 
Spacious, well buat s p rin k le s y s­ tem and other extras make this a splendid buy at SS7,9oo. 828-8241, odes, 655 2437. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

Realtors - M IS 
S. East Ofc. 
B y Owner. Unique Contem porary hom e in H e rita g e F a rm . 3 b e ­ d ro o m s, 2' a b ath s. S tu d y loft overlooks distinctive 2 story living room with fireplace. Fam ily room a d io in s la rge co u n try kitchen 
21oo sq.ft. N S schools. No ogerits. 
674-2492___________________________ 

S P R E A D O U T 
24oo SO FT 
6 big bedroom s. 3 baths, den with fireplace, form al living and d in­ ing Loads of storage Large yard 
565.9oo. Nites 653-o982 

TARZAN AND JANE 

Would love the free house in the 

 back yard of this lovely 3 bedroom, 

2 bath home, fenced yard, built-in 

 appliances, central heat ond air. and 

I car garage. Ju$t listed! Coll today 

 to see. 

INC, R E A L T O R S 
4 m a ssiv e bed room hom e with den. separate living and spacious fenced yard. Im m aculately kept by particular housewife 2o s. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
499 92o1 
B E Q U IC K like the Easter Bunny on th is c h a r m in g 3-2 h o m e 
Delightful tm rm. as well a s for­ m al d in in g area. F e n ce d b a c k ­ yard great for kids 
Close to 
S.W.T.M.C. 
494-5221 
A N Y T IM E 

Century 21 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
, 349-6211 

BY O W N E R * 4 2 2, Westwood VI! loge. C e n tra l heat-air, carp et, stove, refrigerator, ga rb a ge d is­ p o sal, c o v e re d patio, fenced. 
N S IS D , auiet neighborhood A s ­ su m e V A loan. $214 m o. p lu s equity Total $28,OOO M ust see to appreciate. Coll 674-o341 tor appt. 

PERSONALITY PLUS! 
This 
3 -2 -2 is n e w on the m a rk e t so ta k e a look ! 
C ath e d ra l ceiling, la r g e den w ith firep lace o n d g o rg e o u s n e w carp el. F orm al d in in g or liv in g, equity and a ssu m e . 
N ite s 8 2 6 -7 6 6 $ . 
MINT CONDITION 
Im m acu late an d sp acio u s describes this 4 -2 -2 b e a u ty in la k e sid e , l o w equity and a ssu m e 
$ 3 2 4 m on th ly p a y m e n ts. 
This w o n 't last lon g. N ites 6 5 6 -4 7 8 1 . 

D A T O R N IG H T 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

T R IC O , Realtors 349-6491 
S U N G A T E - 3-1’ 2-1, m any extras. 
525,5oo. 451o 
C le a r S p r in g 
656 19o3 or 344-1161 
R O O M Y 
3 bedroom, 2 both home in 
Volley-Hi. Extra large bedrooms. 
Walk to mall ond swimming pool. 
Northside schools. 
PRICE REDUCED 
Owners soy 
Sell ', so the price has been drastically reduced on this luxurious 4 bedroom, 2'/? both home in Adorns Hill. Fully equipped kitchen, carpeting thruout, fireplace ond a 28x39 heated pool. Open Terms. 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEW ING 
C A II 673-5o83 ANYTIME 
W ORLD W IDE 
REALTY 

Brick split level 3-21 *-2» nook, den, corner, built-ins, super view. 
341 4455 
R E A L T O R S 
735 2276 

B O B M CGINNIS 
REALTORS m 
L 
3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

* TURN THI KEY * 
* TO QUALITY * 
M In this elegant Shavano Pork 3^ 
•^C home on o wooded’ocre. Outston ^ 
-|C ding family room features; ^ 
M circular wet bar, beamed ceiling 
X and massive fireplace 
4 T 
X bedrooms, 3 Va baths. BRAND NEW J - 
* ON MARKE! with owners saying l r 
* sell ASAP! 
* 
* 
FORTUNA 
J 
+ 
ASSO CIATES 
* 
+< 
696-1412 A 
* 

B Y O W N E R , Woods of Shavano, 
3-2-2 + study or sewing room, den with fireplace, living-dining com ­ bo, all carpet, util rm , gre e n - house, trees. 551.5oo. 492-9216. 

H O L LY W O O D P A R K 
Reduced! B ric k Contem porary, 
3-2-2, beamed ceilings. Coll 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
________ 824-7334, Anytim e 

R E A L T O R S 

Ju st listed re m o d e le rs delight 
O lder hom e on large corner lot with m any trees. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, la rge fam ily room . M u c h potential. Call tor details. 

L u x u r y G a rd e n H om e in W h i­ spering O aks, livin g room with atrium , custom gam eroom with wet bar. $63,9oo P rice d to sell. 
344-3471 N IT E 5 341 7697 
BO B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

U lr iy u c M ulti-Level 
4 bedroom s, 3 baths, 4 car garage, fireplace in fam ily room, form al liv in g ro o m , s e p a ra te d in in g room. A real beauty! $9o,ooo. 
2o2 G E T T Y S B U R G , 4-3-3 corner, c e n tra l h e a t-a ir, n ic e p atio. 
Owner will carry. 547,5oo 
3619 M O H E G A N D R . O ff S u n ­ shine, 5 bedroom s, 2 baths plus den. N ice seclu ded area. O nly 
539,5oo Term s open. W e'll trade' 
344-3471. 341-19o1 nites 
BO B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in Oak Hills Terrace 2 car g a r­ age, large fam ily room with fire­ place, sunken livin g room and covered patio One block from elem entary school. Fo r viewing, 
COM 342-4115 A N Y T IM E 

S e p den a n d liv p lu s fo rm a l dining, ga lle y kitchen w rought iron country porch $17,5oo 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

828-6391 Anytime 
Owner being transferred, assum e o r re fin ace co n ve n tio n al loan 
3-2-2, corner lot, p riva cy fence, custom drapes, complete kitchen with m icrow ave oven. 8426 B u x ­ ton, B raun Station East. A sk in g 
$52,5oo. 664-6383. 
________ _ 

H a s a b e a u tifu lly a r c h ite c t s home over 22oo sa. ft. on over ' i acre lot. 4 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, parquet floors, reduced to sell al 
$59,9oo. Nites 433-6658. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytim e , 

V E R S A T IL E , S P A C IO U S home in 
Jefferson area, has 3 bedroom s 
(or J plus fam ily room ), large living room ! Patio 3ox14! 
$33,95o. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

R ealtors-N E Loop ate 
Il io n Bu m 
* » a u t f iiiv * ? « * . i, 

 r e a l t y 

T E R R E L L H I L L S . ..pa r k - lik e‘ y a r d b o ld s lo ve ly hom e with 3 bedroom s (or 2 plus den!). Living room with fireplace... form al din­ ing roam. W indow guards! 
$62,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

C u sto m built, p r o f e s s io n a lly decorated, 4 bed room beauty. 
- Loaded with bujlt-ins, brond new 
I carpeting, m icro wave oven, and m any m any extras. Priced in 6o’s. 
! 
349-3535 or 349-51 ll, anytim e 

B IG H O U S E Sm a ll P rice . 4 be­ droom s, 2 baths, large open living area, built-ins. $27,5oo. Coil today 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

S675 C A SH is all it lakes to get into this beautiful $45,ooo home. C a r­ pet, a p p lia n c e s , a n d F I R E ­ 
P L A C E . Call now! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 

Beautiful 3-1 with den in Deliview a re a . S e p a r a te liv in g - d in in g room, carpet. M a ke offer. 

R E A L T O R S-Blanco Rd. Ofc 
H O L LY W O O D P A R K 
417 F L E E T W O O D 
New custom built brick and cedar on large lot with energy savin g features. 3-2-2 with 2 living areas 
Custom built kitchen with large counter space. B ric k fire p lace with built-in b o o k c a se s, p lu sh carpet ond beautifully decorated. 
A p p ra is e d a i $59,9oo. B u ild e r asking $57,9oo. 494-1725, 344-2o64. 

ARTESIA PARK 
3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 living areas. centro! heat-air, 
1oo% brick. 
Many trees. 
Owners anxious. 
$27,ooo. Nites 656-6332. 
DENVER HEIGHTS 
Older home, 3 bedroom. Fash or conventional. Only $16,ooo. Nites 
656 758o. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 
691-1121 
341-9191 

538 SCOTTY DRIVE 
In Rainbow Hills. Extremely nice 
3 2-2. Separate dining, living, and family rooms, covered patio with built in bar-b-cue, oil appl. 
Don t miss Ibis one if you are bargain shopping! 
Immediate rnovein. 
NEAR LA C K LA N D - 
KEILY 
OWNER MUST SEU, excellent op­ portunity. 3 bedroom, I 1/? both, new carpeting, appl., make offer on 1oW EQUITY or no down VA. let us show you this today! 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
H O D SD O N & ASSO C. 
KEY G R O U P 

CASTIE HILLS....... 
Will Always Shine 

On your family in this lovely home in SUN VALLEY. 4 Bedroom, 
2 bath, double car garage. Single living area, cathedral ceilings. 
Assume, or refinance. 

B Y O W N E R , Better Than New! 
M ove in and relax. 1 % y r s old. 
3-2-2 in perfect condition, fully carpeted Form al living; dining ro o m w ith full m irro re d watt, fam ily room -fireoiace, breakfast bay with view of lovely rose g a r­ den, fence 
A ssum e $339 mo. 
684-3147___________________________ 

R EA LT O R S-Lock h ill-Se lm a Ofc 
Low do, owner carry, nice yard 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A T SO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
W E OO IT A L L 
Find you a lot, build your dream house, get all financing, anc! sell your present home. 
349-1479 
A N Y T IM E . 
Hector J. Herbeck inc., Realtors 

T E R R E L L H IL L S , BeauitufuH y designed, custom built 3 bedroom, 
2’y both with den and m usic room sitting on a beautiful landscaped lot. O ver 22oo sa ft. Call for appt. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

Lovely Colonial 6 bedroom home on very large double lot. Huge den with fireplace. A kitchen e v e ry m other d re a m s of. Convenient, com fort, beauty a n d location. 
$125,ooo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 
C A S T L E H IL L S T E R R A C E 
So con ven ient to all 3 schools. 
Custom built, con tem p orary de­ sign. 3 bedroom s, 2 fam ily rooms, separate dining room, excellent condition and vacant. 
$67,ooo 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
C A S T L E 
H I L L S 
E S T A T E S ! 
Beautiful home with heated pool, s p r in k le r e d a n d la n d s c a p e d grounds. 3 bedroom s, study. 3 1 a baths, large living room, form al dining. Paneled fam ily room with fireplace, plus wet bar. D ream kitchen with breakfast area. Call 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E . 

O W N E R S A Y S S E L L 
M ake equity otter on this lovely 
2' j yr. old hom e near M e d ica l 
Center with 4 bedroom, 2 both and doub le g a ra g e , p a ym e n ts lu st 
$279. Call now 341-4484 

T E R R E L L H IL L S -A H S C H O O L S 
F O R T H E G O L F E R 
9 H O L E 
P U T T IN G R E E N S ta te ly a n d sp aciou s 2-story b ric k tor ditin- gui5hed living Enhanced by high ceilings, handsom e m illwork 4-3, a irs. 3-car g a ra g e L iv in g room with fireplace, fo rm a l separate dining, landscaped yard 326 2439 
R E A L T O R S 
JONESLEE 

TERRELL HILLS 
Lorq e 4 bedroom home in Alam o 
Heights school district. Den with fireplace. Saltillo Hie Moor, excel­ lent etndition 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826-5964 
S U E W E E M S & ASSO C . 

B R A U N ST A T IO N E A S T ..a N E W home with native trees! Fam ily- liv in g room with fireplace, wet bar is overlooked by a loft ..open to a wood deck! 3 bedroom s. 2 luxury baths! 
558,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

P R IC E R E D U C E D - A C T NO W ! 
Clean and charm ing 3 bedroom, 
T Y baths, neat kitchen, sin g le living area, separate dining area. 
Covered patio. Good NW location. 
$26,ooo. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

A w a y fro m n o ise and heat in 
P o p u la r B ra u n Station off B a n ­ dera. Y o u 'll love “ o p e n " livin g are a. 4 b e d ro o m s, c a t h e d r a l ceilings, sw im and tennis club. 
$58,9oo. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
Custom Contem porary, huge liv­ in g a re a, h a s dual fire p lace ., study, 3 bedroom s, 2 playroom s, more Call Beth Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

H A N D Y M A N 'S S P E C IA L 
3 bedroom , I bath, sm all, neat house needing handym an's atten­ tion. Denver Hgts vicinity. $5,2oo. 
Nites 653-2798, 826-6388 
ROSOW 8 RUNE 
R E A L T Q R S -5 o Y e ars of T R U ST 

LEI'**' 
J.A. D E S S 
Broker, Buy or Sell tor You. Call: 
226-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
L O C A T IO N - Oak Hollow E states; 
T E R M S • Low est equity in the area; A N X IU O S O W N E R S m okes this 3 bedroom 
2 bath hom e a sup er buy A lso features large fam ily room with fireplace and built-ins, formal dining room and wet bar. Better call today Priced 
$55,9oo 
684-433o 344-62o7 Anytime 

Of T R U ST 
Pride of the Builders Art 
Custom 5 bedroom, 2’ ? bath, with a lm o st 3ooo sq.ft. of e v e r y im aginable lu xu ry extras, from the m assive stone fireplace to the p ro fe ssio n a l la n d sc a p in g . M id 
7o’S. 681-o66o. 

Off Blanco. E n jo y the fantastic backyard and pool with waterfall. 
C ustom built hom e with m any built-ins and la rge fam ily room with fireplace. Calf now. 
Century 21 
S chneider Realty 
684-72oo 
L O M A P A R K , 3 bedroom , I bath. 
Fenced, busline. Only $14,975! Na down to anyone. 
222-9616TERRA R E A LT Y 24 H R S 
LO M A T E R R A C E 
3-1-1, no down to anyone! 
Only 52oo closing cost. 433-o2o2 
D O U B L E R R E A L T Y 435-2544 

Highland Hills, 1o3 Hartford 3-1-1, 
Corner Lot. $16,7oo. 534-5344 or 
337-4334.___________ 
_________ 
DON’T MISS 
THI BOAT! 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
Walk to Holy Name. Im m aculate 3 bedroom , I bath hom e on high, pretty lot. $23,6oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G Of th is all b ric k 3 bed room , 2 bath hom e with a U N IQ U E floorpian Form al a re as, ru stic fam ily with rock fireplace. M u ch more. Low 4o s 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
R E A L T O R S-B a n d e a Rd. Ole 
3o1 Roanoke, 3 room house, J lots, 
IOO X ISO, ow n e r le a v in g city. 
$11,5oo cash. 
Kelley, 
732-5719, 
433-6641.____________________ 

Lum ber, labor, etc going up to! 
Buy now! 9 m odels open dally! 
$79,5oo to $115,ooo! Trad e your h om e tor the d ow n p a y m e n t! 
5 4-3- bedroom s, 4-3 baths! Out 
Vance Jackson, I m ile Iro n 41o and Callaghan in Oak Volley and 
Oak Creek NW 

T H E H I L L S . J u st liste d , ju st great. 3 bedroom s, 2 full baths, den. central heat-air. 2 car g a r ­ age. Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

Century 21 

B y ow ner, A d a m s Hill, 2 sto ry 
4-2’ ?-2, dining room, living room, fam ily room with fireplace, eat in kitchen, central oir-heat, covered patio, m any extras, 2ooo sq.ft. 
A ssum e 71/*V A loon a la s equity, no agents. 673-6942._______________ 
B Y O W N E R , 3 bedroom, 2 bath, doub le g o ra g e . B ro u n Station 
West, low equity. 684-31o5 w ee­ kends or aft 6 

RS-SO Y e a rs of T R U S T 
C A S T L E H IL L S E S T A T E S ! This s p a c io u s h o m e id e a l fo r the grow ing fam ily or a mother-in-law suite. 4 Bedroom s, 4 baths, m usic ro o m a n d stu d y . T a s t e fu lly appointed throughout. Located on p re tty , la n d s c a p e d c o rn e r. 
494-7651 A N Y T IM E . 

Unique multi leveled 3-3-2 home. 
L iv in g ro o m w ith fire p la c e , sp a c io u s kitchen, g a m e room , stud y, heated pool, b a lco n ie s. 
344-3o78, nites, 492-1347 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & A SSO C 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
49E-2762 
Your v o y a g e to go od living! 
674-3675 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S - 3 bedroom, I bath, fam ily room, being comple­ tely re n o v a te d . C o n v e n ie n tly located. Buy now and choose your color of carpet. Open terms. Cai! now 
333-4144 
Nites 337-8478 

F IR S T T IM E FO R S A L E 
This 4 bedroom, 2 bath home with a huge fam ily room will not last long. On a large p rivacy fenced corner lot, super buy in the 4o s. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 Anytim e 

L O V E L Y 4-2-2 in Meadow Village 
I, No down, $25o mo. No paym ents til June. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 

E a r l y A m e r ic a b e a u ty . 3 b e ­ droom s, very large living room, separate dining, den with fire ­ place, office, treed yard. E x c e l­ lent co n d itio n 
341-72o1, n ite s 
341-8294 R E A L T O R S 

...is alm ost here, don’t wait, see th is la r g e 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath today 2 central heat-air units. 
14x33 G a ry Pool Room tor tennis. 
824 4521, nites 674-o744 
ROSp & KLINE 
R E A L T Q R S-5 o Y e a rs of T R U S T 

B Y O W N E R . 4 bedroom, 2 bath, too"* brick. Large lot with m any trees. Sum m it Area.$47,ooo. open term s B y appointment 69o-8312 
Century 21 
SO U T H E A S T R E A L T O R S 
$2oo or $3oo total m ove in. 3 and 4 bedroom s, paym ents start from 
$13o to $45o. June paym ent 
674-6126________R A E Reg I Estate 

 of T R U S T 
Have you been looking for a home in tile J E F F E R S O N A R E A ? lf SO, we believe this will interest you also! Call today! 
736-4426 

Just listed 4 bedroom, form al liv­ ing separate dining, large den has fireplace, enorm ous gam e room, sewing room, park like grounds. 
Priced to sell! Call Beth Tote 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

C H U R C H IL L A R E A . C h a rm in g ail brick 3 bedroom, 2 oath with lots of trees a n d fenced ya rd . 
Yours to enioy for only $34,5oo 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 

H ighland Hills. Looking tor a 3 bedroom brick hom e? Call about this one. Fully carpeted, central heat-air, 2 full baths, call Ann 
F O R E S T O A K S 
$37,5oo b u y s 3-2-2, la rg e liv in g area has fireplace. Raised dining, all brick. Call Beth Tate. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

B y O W N E R , best pf both; HW lo catio n -N E schools! L arge 
4-3-2, M id $5o’$. 349-222o 
T IR E D O F L O O K IN G ? Com e see our 3-2-2 in El Dorado. M a n y ex­ tras. Convenient lo Ft. Sam , R an­ d o lp h . W a lk to E le m e n t a r y 
School. 656-5o11______________ 

$25o to $35o total m ove in. 3 and 4 bedroom s, paym ents start from 
$13o to $45o. Anybody can buy! 
674-6126________ R & E Real Estate 
A l Condition in V alle y Forest. 
4-2-1, livingroom , fam ily room . 
A v o c a d o a p p lia n c e s , la r g e co v e re d patio. 1ox1o S to ra g e shed. L a r g e lot w ith p r iv a c y fence. C o n ve n ie n t K e ttv-L a c k- la n d -M e d in a a n d a ll sc h o o ls. 
$3o,5oo. 675-o543 

532-31o7 Realtor 
Century 21 
Bv Owner, brick, 3-2, cent. A-H 
696-7426, 461o L O R E L E I 
_ 
R EA LT O R S-Je ffe rson Ofc 
Century 21 
H IG H L A N D S 
O ld e r and ro o m y , 3 b e d ro o m hom e with separate living room and dining. Call today! 
IN D E P E N D E N T , R E A L T O R S 
349-2721 

JO H N M A R S H A L L M E A D O W S ■ 
On Connie M ack. 3-2-2. Call for info. 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
___ 
JU ST L IS T E D 
Condom inium , 2-2, living, den, large patio, all carpeted. Ju st 
$31,5oo. Call Pron Wile. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
B y Ow ner. Colonies North Su m ­ mit. 5-2-2. F o rm a l living-dining, fam ily raom -fireplace, screened patio, $55,9oo. 69o-9481__________ 
By Owner; Contem porary home w ith h u g e liv e -o a k s . 3-2-2 in 
Foothills. N ear U S A A 
$39,5oo. 
344-8869__________ 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
Forest Oaks, By Owner 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
A beautiful blend ot the old and the new. A n u n u su a l flagsto n e a trium entry unit 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, with 3o X 2o’ living-dining, den, kitchen, another bedroom plus 2 m ore baths, living room has high ceilings and a beautiful large stone fireplace. O ver 25oo sq.ft. 
Priced at $82,5oo 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
653-S259 
S U E W E E M S & ASSO C. 

New listing, close to m alls and schools. 2 story, A bedroom brick hom e, la rg e fa m ily room with cathedral ceilings and fireplace 
Excellent condition. $45,9oo. 
C A L L 494-5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
R E A L T O R S __________ 
M L S 
C L O S E TO M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
A N D U SA A . 3-2-2 with fireplace a n d fa n ta stic fa m ily ro o m . 
$35,9oo. 656-1234 

E le g a n t la rg e c o n te m p o a ra ry home. Gam e room, loft, large for­ m al dining, 3-3-2, o ve rsize d lot with big trees. By Owner. 492-2377 

Sp arklin g 4-2-2, all brick, living- dining, paneled den, fireplace, cowered patio, p riv a c y fence, sprinkler system, water softner, ca rp e t, d ra p e s . $43,9oo. No agents, 681-o616._________________ 

Cute 2 bedroom in Eastw ood Vil­ lage. C om pletely red eco rated . 
$15,5oo. Open terms. 
684-6444 
Nites 534-4o98 

A D A M S H IL L S 
Priced for quick sell, cute, clean 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, big den plus ling and dining, covered patio. 
$3o,7oo. A ls o h a v e 2 la r g e 4 b e d ro o m h o m e s in H e r tia g e 
Farm s. $48,5oo 

 lf you are, and you are looking for a 3 bedroom, 2 bath with a corner fireplace, tor only $33,9oo, S E E 
T H IS! Form al dining room, utility room, privacy fenced yard an a cul-de-sac, it’s neat! 681-3222, nites 492-1113. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

Century 21 
E N C H A N T E D F O R R E S T 
Area, Lovely 3-2-2, form al dining, panelled Fam ily room, excellent condition. H u ge lot w ith trees, walk to N .E Schools. A ssu m e 5 
'4s* FH A , 2nd Lien optional. 614 
Tam m y, 341-4o69._________________ 

S E N E C A , Bv Owner 3-2-2, separ­ ate living and dining, fam ily room with fireplace, dinette, covered patio, p r iv a c y fence, ca rp e t, drapes. $48,5oo. 684-1437._______ 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
We Built It; We Love It! 
3-2-2, tropical co u rtya rd entry, spacious single living area with fire p la c e , b e a m e d c a t h e d ra l ceiling, separate dining. $42,5oo. 
684-14o3 

R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
JU ST L IS T E D 
Spacious 3 bedroom, near schools with central heal and air and lots of extras. E a sy terms. Cai! now 
532-3252 
N IT E S 923-4631 Century 21 
On W. Olmos. L arge 2 bedroom , I bath, separte dining, 2 air units, a pleasure to show. 824-4521, nites 
674-o744 
Century 21 
W hitehead-Holiday 

Whitehead-Holiday 
684-3711 
R E A L T O R S 
A D J A C E N T TO LO O P 41o, 3-1-1, air, appliances, no down, $177 mo 
No paym ents til June. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
A S S U M E 7>2°o LO A N 
Paym ents only $125 mo. Lovely 3 bedroom home, 675-1691, 623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
Bellair, 3 bdrm , equity, assum e, 
$98. mo. 337-4557, 648-3582. 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
Y o u ’ll love the private backyard of this fine home. 3-2-2 with office. 
Fireplace, separate from ai area, mid 4o’s. 
B R A U N S T A T IO N 
Lo ve ly fine hom e area off B a n ­ dera Rd. 2 years old 3-2-2, living and den, large oak trees, m any extras. Only $37,9oo. 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
W A L K 
TO 
E L E M E N T A R Y 
SC H O O L from this lovely 4-2-2, split bedroom plan, land scap ed yard, low 4o‘s. 

Bv Owner fores! Bien 
3-2-2, 12oo sq.ft. fenced, full c a r­ peting, screened polio, oppis, 3« brick. $228 mo. 684-4473 

F O R E S T O A K S 
LO W E Q U IT Y ! A ll b ric k 3 be­ droom s, 2 baths. Spill bedroom pion. Approx. $6ooo assum es 81 
Conv, loan at $315 mo. $36,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

C M. F U R R CO. 
‘Specializing in Northside H om es' 
733-7141 
344-1633 
Century 21 
Sharp one living area, all brick 
4-2-2. Fireplace, near com m unity pool and tennis court. Low 5o s. 
344-3o78, nites 492-9917. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

L a r g e open livin g area in 3 be­ droom , 2 bath nome. G reat patio areo. Detached two bedroom , I b o th g u e s t h o u se . 
$51,9oo. 
494-7711, nites 824-9354 
D O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
Colonies North-Sum m it Area. Bv 
Owner. First offering, spaciou s 
3-2' j-2 with 21oo sq. ft. living area on acre lot. Breathtaking cathe­ dral ceiling, patio, privacy fence. 
C o ll 69o-8639 fo r in fo rm a tio n about the m a n y fe a tu re s this home includes. 554,9oo.___________ 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H , By Owner. 
3-2-2, paneled fam ily room. Living room. A ssum e 6°® VA, $212 mo. or conv. 538,9oo 696-5o83___________ 

Bv owner, Glen O aks Park, very n e a r M e d C e n te r, a ll b r ic k , 
3-11 j-1. all appl, cent air-heot. new roof. $29,9oo co n v o r a ssu m e . 
696-8oo4. No agents please. 

Luxury 3 bedroom, l h bath con­ d om iniu m . 2 liv in g a re a s with fire p la c e , m in u te s fro m M e d 
Center. Cow 4o’s. 

JU ST L IS T E D 
S p o tle ss 3-2-2 in S h e n a n d o a h , large living dining com bination p lu s a fa m ily ro o m . F r e s h ly painted inside and a great fenced backyard tor kids. Located on a auiet cul-de-sac and priced at 
$38,5oo 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
699-1133 

Century 21 
3-2-2, fu lly ca rp e te d , c e n tra l heat-air, all appl.- kitchen! 
648-3593 
E L A IN E L U O W IG & ASSO C. 
F O R E S T O A K S E S T A T E S , a l­ most new brick home has shag carpeting thruout single liv in g area...3 bedroom s! 2 baths! 
$39,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

B y owner. Heritage Form , 3-2-2, fenced, fireplace, covered patio, carpet. 
A ssum e 
7 
3» % loan 
673-7954________________ 
_______ 

Large home, lots of land 
3-1 ''2, co u n try kitch e n , u tility room , g a ra g e s. N e a r sch o o ls. 
Reduced • m ake offer 
Santex Co., Realtors 653-o46o 
5-3-1, large kitchen, den, dining room , IO closets, paneling, ca r­ pets, central air-heat, 2,5oo sq. ft. 
E q u ity and a ssu m e $187. p er month or refinance. 27o6 Kaiser 
After 5pm w eekd ays, Sat. aud 
Sun. 648-24o3. No Dealers. 

T w o S to ry , 4-2-2, d e n , d in in g room, fenced, fruit trees, close to school $33,975 828-2656.________ i l l M o n e y L a n e , 4 b e d ro o m , p ick u p p a ym e n ts only $71 mo owner, Kelley, 732-5719, 433-6641. 

Bright, new 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, featuring fam ily room with fire­ place, form al living and dining, separate utility room, nice yard with lots of trees. Over 18oo sq. ft. for 
$52,95o. 
681-3222, nites 
492-1113. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

B y owner, Heritage Farm , 4-2-2, 
OOO sq.ft living-dining. 
Ig g a r ­ den kitchen with adjoining fam ily rm, fireplace, fully carpeted, cav ootlo, Ig y o rd w ith tre e s-p riv fence, 7’ i % 674-6858 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 

3 bedroom, I bath, very nice and clean. 
344-6268 
684-5768 
923-5844 
V IL L A G E N O R T H 
B ig 4 bedroom, 2 bath, den, double ga ra ge , cove re d patio, on B a r ­ rington near new post office site. 
FH A , V A or assum e. 349-65o3, 
454-6296 

N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R ! A p ­ prox 2,ooo sa. ft. in a 3 Bedroom, 
2-sto ry hom e w ith liv in g and fam ily room s and a gam e room with wet bar! Patio. 
$53,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 
681-o3oo______________ R E A L T O R S 
SH A V A N O P A R K 
Beautiful custom built 3 bedroom, both home, Heated pool, redwood deck, secluded location. $79,9oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

JU ST L IS T E D 
A ssu m e low equity loon on this sparkling 3-2-2 in N.W. Large liv­ ing-dining combination plus fam i­ ly ro o m and b r e a k f a s t a re a . 
P r iv a c y fenced yo rd . W a lk to 
Eiem . school. You can m ove in today! Priced at $31,5oo. 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
656-157o 

Custom built cheerfully decorat­ ed, shutters, track lighting, sun­ ken living, stone fp, sen dining, b r ig h t new k itc h e n w ith b a y b re a kfa st. 3 be d ro o m , 2 bath. 
Cute playhouse plus greenhouse. great lawn* Near M ed Center. By owner. 
545,5oo. 
Low equity. 
684-5642________ 

B y O w ner; Ideal 'H o m e '. 4-2-2, many oaks, fenced, near Colonies 
North. Low 4o’s. 344-7o81 
R E A L E S T A T E FNC 
D O N ’T M IS S T H IS S T E A L ' 
3-2-2, 
-fire p la ce , c a t h e d ra l ce ilin gs, la n d scap e d y a rd and h uge m o ste r b e d ro o m . S h o w ­ p la c e ! N o dow n, no c lo s in g . 
Anyone buys! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
D U P L E X , 2-1. 3-1, large fenced yards. Good investm ent property. 
327 s h a r m a i n . N ear bus, stores 
732-3o82, 344-22o3________ 
____ 

New to market. All brick, separ­ ate liv in g , d in in g , den and covered patio. P riv a c y fenced, and only $4o,5oo1. 684-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 

B y Owner. Im m acu late 3-2-2 in 
M a r s h a ll M e a d o w s. S p a c io u s fa m ily ro o m .w ith c a t h e d ra l ceiling, fireplace, dining, privacy fence, tow 4o‘s. 681-1737___________ 

W I N D C R E S T 
.a lo v e ly pool, 
38x18, a c o v e re d p a tio a n d a la n d sc a p e d co u rty a rd ...a ll en­ hance on already superb home! 4 b e d ro o m s , 3 b a th s, a h o b b y room...a fam ily room with a fire­ place plus form al living, dining room s! 
$79, SOO. 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 

Century 21 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
C o z y 3-2-2 w ith fo rm a l liv in g room, paneled den with fireplace, b o o k sh e lv e s. P a r ty b o r fro m electric klfchen, breakfast area. 
Covered patio, lovely yard! 
542,9oo 
69o-98o2 

Im m aculate and spacious are but two lectures of this lovely home 
Beautiful ya rd and frees O nly 
$25,ooo. 828-8241, nites, 656-8215. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

F O R E S T O A K S 
F IR S T T IM E ON M A R K E T 
1.Lovely clean brick 3-2-2. Big den overlooks pretty yard and patio. 
All extras. $37,9oo 
2. Pretty 4-2-2, fam ily room with fireplace pius living and dining area 

Covntry M g 
I city conveninces 

B y O w n e r, L e o n V a lle y , 6926 
Evening Sun, 3-2-2, fireplace, al! brick, fenced, 681-o324, 674-5757 with all city coBveninces. Beau­ tiful 1 j acre lot with huge oak trees. 3 very large bedroom s, 2 baths, separate living room and dining room , fam ily room with lots of built-ins, double garage, covered patio. Call for details 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655-3584 
Nites 
653-7791 

JU ST L IS T E D in Executive Mills. 
A S U P E R home for entertaining. 
L a rg e open liv in g a re a , 3 b e ­ drooms, 2 baths, extra room could be 4th bedroom or study. Great location. Priced in 4o's 

B Y O W N E R Light and A iry 3 2-2 in Forest Glen. Fully carpeted, b e a u tifu lly d rap e d , 3 y r s old 
$31,5oo. 
7535 
Meadow 
Green. 
684-6o7o_______________ 
Assum e payments, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, den, fence, $15o month. No qualifying. 
224-6661 
G.Gonzalez 
623-1369 
3-1 Vie*I. F a m ily room , c e n tra l air-heat, new carpel alt room s, new fence. Valley Hi, Open terms, 
673-274o 
G O V E R N M E N T 
O W E N D 
H O M E S 
3 and 4 bedrooms- Ail areas 
No down to anyone! $2oo closing. 
433-o2o2 
D O U B L E R R E A L T Y 435-2544 
3-1-1 Home in nice neighborhood 
Near M ilitary Bases. Air, carpel. 
$25oo equity. Low paym ent, 7 % interest. F o r m ore inform ation and viewing, call Kelly Realty, 
4 3 3 - 6 6 4 1 . __________________ 
H U D a n d V A a c q u ire d h o m e s throughout the city. 
Area representatives. 
924 42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 533-7987 

Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O IX I D A Y 

B Y O W N E R . 7’ a". Loan in Town view E sta te s, iV iy rs. O ld 165o 
Sq.Ft., 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, large fa m ily ro o m , w ith c a th e d ra l c e ilin g and fire p la c e . D in in g room, Kitchen and breakfast area w ith b a y w ind ow . L o ca te d on 
Cul-de-sac. Convenient to Schools. 
681-3385 or 224-6554. 

Nice 3 bedroom house, on large lot. Owner Finance, Little Oown, 
923-7858. 
O F F W .W . W H IT E R D . 3 b e ­ droom s, fenced, $225 down, 1st payment in June. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 
O F F W.W. White. Nice 3 bedroom, carpeted, fenced. 
Owner financed. 
924-4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
O W N E R W IL L F IN A N C E 3 be droom oft Amanda. If s a dandy. 
Call for information. 
923-4327, 
626-1777 
Ronald W illiam son 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 
681-o3oo______________ R E A L T O R S 
F O R G E T T H E C O M M IS S IO N S , for sale bv ow ner. Be au tifu l 2 story E n g lish Tudor in on tree studded corner lot in Forest O aks 
Estates 
Equity or refinance. 
684-6932. 

 n iu u n u m r e a l t o r s 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
344-7985 
N E A R M E O IC A L -P R IC E R IG H T 
J U S T L IS T E D in D E L L V IE W ! 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 car garage 
O ver 19oo sq. ft. (p e r city tax in Forest Oaks. Ready to m ove in. records) of comfort in this lovely 
Why wait. $39,5oo Conventional, fa m ily hom e. 3 B e d ro o m s , 2 696-1412 baths, separate living and dining r 
S 
S 
' K 
Vuk. * C 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
$32,5oo. 494-7651 A N Y T IM E 
N E A R W O N D E R L A N D ! Split- level home has form al living, din- n f i n n i l l O 
1 11 m r in 9 ro o m s ...fa m ily room w ith 
K l l V l l i m K 
N I I n l r beamed ceiling, fireplace. 4 be llUuUVV rn RLI IIL 
2 lLajhAs, 
,o°L „ 
R E A LT Q R S-5o Y ears Of T R U S T 
* w ' 9oo- 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 

L o v e ly 3-2 ho m e 
H u g e liv in a areo, range, air, carpet, fenced. 
$25,ooo assu m e or refinance 

I * * a cre s s u rro u n d e d bv m a g ­ nificent oaks in Hollywood Park. 3 bedroom, 2 bath, den, gam eroom , covered patio, greenhouse, g a r ­ den. Ea sv assumption 
C A L L 494-5227 

Bv Owner. 3-2-2. 11o2 M orev Peak 
$34,ooo. 
A ss u m e 
$237 m o 
T R E E S ! Fenced yard. 342-5561 
Atter 5:3o _____ _____ 

G A M E R O O M ! 
....ond 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, in this lo v e ly 
T r a d it io n a l in 
T H E 
S U M M IT . Over 24oo sq ft, living and dining combination, paneled den. Kitchen with breakfast areo. 
Lots of built-ins! $54,9oo. 
69o-98o2 

B Y O W N E R . Newly redecorated 
C o m m e rc ia l zone. 3 b e d room 
A c ro ss from San P e d ro P a rk 
Fantastic location. 821 w Ashby 
222-o958 

$25o a r $35o total m ove in 3 and 4 bed room , p a ym e n ts start from 
$225 to $45o. Anybody can buy 
674-6126________ R A E Real Estate 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S _________________ M L S 

COZY COUNTRY HOME 
Kings Grant Forest 
B v owner, new listing, in Adam s 
Hill, 4-2-1, cent heat-air, carpet, oppi, 7 % V A under $2oo mo plus e q u ity . 
9114 
P o rt 
H u d s o n 
673-1351. 922-636)._________________ 

4-2, separate study, sewing room, trees, beautiful area, corner lot. 
N E t S D . B y ow ner, No age n ts. 
$78,5oo. 341-oo79 
L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E 
Sp aciou s fam ily room . C u sto m rock firep lace in liv in g room . 
B rick 2-2*1, excellent condition. 
P riv a c y land scap ed L a rg e a s ­ su m p tio n o r V A $24,ooo. 7523 
Westfield Dr. 673-1592 or 228-o8oo 

This 3 bedroom, 2 bath beauty is located on alm ost an acre. Com ­ pletely fenced, 3 giant oaks, and m any other extras. Call now tor more info. $46,5oo 

H E R I T A G E 
F A R M , n o th in g dow n, a n y b o d y can buy. 3-2-2, s u n k e n liv in g room , fire p lac e , private fence and m ore $44,275 
674-6126________ R A E Real Estate 

Nice 2 bedroom hom e with ca r­ p o rt O n I a c re , fe n ce d , im ­ mediate occupancy. $17,5oo 
R EA LT O R S 
GOT A P A IN T B R U S H ? Then you can save a bundle on this 4 be­ droom , 2 bath, doub le g a ra g e home in Forest Oas Equity and assum e $223 mo. M i o66o. 

B Y O W N E R -N E W L IS T IN G 
Charm ing home in excellent con­ dition. Quiet neighborhood in con­ venient NW location. 3 Bedroom s, 
I bath. $23,ooo Call 349-3o1o 

B Y O W N E R , N W , 3 bd rm , No 
Agents Please, $25,9oo or assum e 
433-837o. 
________________ 

We hove 3 beautiful hom es in the 
Forest O aks area. 2 split levels and one large 2 story. Call for more details. 684-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 
Century 21 
M ove in today as this property is spotless! 3 bed room s, 2 b fth s, carpeting and central heat and air. All for $29,ooo. Call today! 

INC, R E A L T O R S 
SP A C IO U S C O U N T R Y L IV IN G between U T SA , U SA A , and M ed 
School. 4Vi acres with beautiful view, sw im m ing pool. large oak trees, 5 bedroom s, 2' a baths, fire­ place, 3ooo sa ft. tile root, plus I bd rm apt and stables. $13o,ooo. 
696-2627. 696-5515 

YO U W IN 
W e 'll se ll y o u r h o u se fo r 6 % . 
349-1479 A N Y T IM E 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 

W hitehead-Holiday 
684-3711 
R E A L T O R S 
P e c a n 'v a il e y 
E a s t C e n tra l, b e a u tifu l b r ic k hom e, p rim e n e ig h b o rh o o d . 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, den, fireplace, double g a r­ age, m any extras. Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-3To7 Realtor 
648-33o7 

C U L E B R A P A R K , 3-1-cp. $2oo down, $165 mo. 
J A J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
C U S T O M B U IL T C ontem porary home has a fireplace in the living room... glazed tile in the dining room and a fa m ily room w ith cathedral celling! 4 bedrooms, 3 gorgeous baths (m aster bath has a terrazzo show er with private gard en'). “Gourm et” kitchen! 
$89,3oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 

NEW 3-2-1 $26,5oo 
King Size bed fits easily 
V A FH A . Call Hurley 
684-8584-(flites) 824-1279 Anytim e 

344-62o7, 684-433o Anytim e 
H A V E A H O B B Y ? T h is 4 be- droom home has a hobby room plus a fam ily roam with a ((re­ place, b u ilt-in s! L iv in g -d in in g room off large entry. Patio 39x12! 
$62,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-48)1 

It is all you would expect ■ includ­ ing, la rge m aster, fireplace, — even utility room. 
Valued at 
$41,ooo 
699-1ooo Anytime 

B Y O W N E R , R o llin g Ridge. A s ­ sum e 7"® Loan. A ll b ric k 3-2-2, covered patio, large fam ily room. 
Cul-de sac. Appt, only 684-4476 
Attractive 3-2, covered patio. No down to anyone. Off W W White 
Rd. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o 
661-3322 

R E A L T O R S-N . West Ole 
IN D IA N C R E E K . 3-1-1, separate dining, sm all equity and take over paym ents. B y ow ner. 623-4538 ofter 6____________ 

S T A T E L Y C O L O N IA L 
4 bedroom s, living, dining, den, plus huge gam e room . $58,5oo 
Call Ruth Railes 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

Bv owner. Seneca Estates, 3-2-2, with 1,9o7 sq.ft. L a r g e fa m ily room with fireplace, b re a k fa st room with built-in china, m uch s to ra g e , b e a u tifu l c o rn e r tot, covered patio, fenced back yard. 
$53.ooo. 684-2725___________ 

R E A L T O R S-T u rtle Creek Otc 
A B R IG H T A N D C H E E R F U L 
3-2-2, In U n iv e r s it y O a k s , on corner lot, close Lock chill Eiem. 
F o rm a l liv in g ro o m , se p a ra te d from fam ily areo, with fireplace, bv m asonry arches A ssum e our 
7 U loan. 4838 Clem son. 696-2752. 
LOW $4o’S._______ ______________ 

Century 21 
No down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some with air and appliances, first paym ent in 
June. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91________________R E A L T O R 
C U T E 'N C O Z Y is this well-kept home in Highland 
Hills with J nice sized bdrm s and tile bath. H as eat-in kitchen and a lorge comfortable liv rm, dbl de­ tached g a ra g e with good w ork area and a large lot for yo u n g ­ sters. A great buy at $16,5oo. 
824-o171 

HIDDEN CREEK 
D e ligh tfu l 4-2-2 on cu l-d e -sac! 
Rich shag carpet in combination living dining... paneled den with fireplace... g la sse d b re a k fa st room looks onto lorge landscaped yord! Sky lite baths... extras! 
$61,9oo 
69o-98o2 

3 bedroom, all carpeted, beamed ceiling and beautiful shade trees. 
Only $2o,ooo. No down on VA. 

BY O W N E R - S H E N A N D O A H 
3-1-1, $27,5oo conventional or as- same. 696-5639 otter 6. 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
C U S T O M -D E S IG N E D 3-2-2, living room + den, fireplace, separate util room $43,45o Call now 
IN T E R S T A T E 328-o755 til 8 pm 

S T E A L O F T H E W E E K ! LOS 
Angeles Heights area. 2 bedroom s with carpet. A sking 11o,ooo, bu! owner says m ake otter now! 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o E ves 696-88o5, 342-7712 

Also have 3-2-2 in Lackland T e r­ race. Covered patio, and only 
525,35o. t i / Aft u n f it t i l i/d 
Shenandoah, 3-2-2, m any extras. rn Al-HUbc OAKS 
.u * jo * 696.3668_______ 
15oo sqft rock home, electric 
B Y O W N E R -S H E N A N D O A N fireplace, dogrun, 2 car, nice 
Lovely 3-2-1, 2 living areas 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 patio. Extras! LOW 3o’S. 69o-9296 
. r Y o W E R ’ r - ^ r 's t o v e . d.sh- m n r n w a sh e r, patio co v e r, ca rp e ts. 
7yj Alf U LU 
$235o equity. A ssum e $232 mo. o f s p a c e to liv e a n d b re a th . 33Z:;?.*.*•* 
_ 
Delightful 3-2-2 hom e,only 4 years B v ow ner, Sum m it of C olonies old. with huge single living area North, Lovely 3-2-2, fully carpel with fireplace. Only 16 m iles from ; ed, covered patio, privacy fence. 
W onderland. 
! attractive landscaping, recently 
B e ryl W eigand 344-2341, 342-6456 , painted, quiet cul-de sac. V A os 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
; sumption. $42-8oo. 691 1454 ____ __ 
• V O W N E R -T H ll 9 6 o 6 R B I M O u r n f t f t n i l f t 
V IL L A G E , 3-2-2,bep iece,covered 
H r I patio, m any extras Equity and 
U 
L I 
D l l U 
U r assum e $237 per mo. See to ap- 
A d a m 's Hill, bv ow ner 3-2-2, 2 
____ living areas, extras. $36,7oo. $25, B y Owner. Twin Creek. 3-2-2, one mo, negotiate equity. 673-27o2 
* m om living area, fireplace, din- 
3 bdrm, 2 both, air- heat. E q u ity ,, m9- $4o 7oo. 68,) ol_26---------------- _ toke over pm ts 674-5239 
B E A C O N H I L L - L o v e ly 2 sto ry j 
THI a c t io n NUMBtB 
3-2*2. F H A - V A - C o n v . $21,ooo.! io n I AST vt sui TS 
N ancy 
M ire lgs 
R eal 
Estate. • eiACt ro u e w a n t a d 
733-8774.__________________ 
| i n TH I t X P R IS S N IW 5 
1 X A R C SS A N O N IW S 
' 
C A I I 7 2 Y -1 A 6 6 __________ 

S p a n ish co n te m p o ra ry unique 
3-2 2 w ith lib r a r y a n d stu d y. 
Large property in exclusive area, close to M e d ica l Center. M a n y cu sto m fe a u tu re s, 
$79,9oo 
494-771 1, flites, 696-7546, 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 
R O P & KUME 
R E A I.T O R S-5o Y e ars of T R U ST 

R EA LT O R S 
H IG H U T IL IT Y B IL L S ? Lower in this B R IC K energy-saver home. 
Near Medical Center. Carpeted 3 bed room , 2 lu x u r y bath, fire- p la ce d fa m ily ro o m , lo a d s of built-ins ond extras! Assum e $287 monthly. 681-o66o. 

>RS-5o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
3 bedroom, 3'a both, 2 story with m assive ttreplaced single living 
Su n n y garden kitchen, finished electric garage. 5o's. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

NO C IT Y T A X E S . 4-2-2, fireplace. 
$35o down. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 
R E A L T O R S 
East Central Special 3 bedroom, large kitchen, fenced yard, V A- 
FH A . Call Olga 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 Realtor 673-o1o8 

N O D O W N P A Y M E N T TO A N ­ 
Y O N E . 3 bedroom s, stove, air. 1st paym ent in June. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 
Century 21 

Whitehead-Holiday 
684 3711 _________ 
R E A L T O R S 
L E E H IG H SC H O O L 7 Bedroom, 
2 balh home in prestige location of 
C A S T L E H IL L S T E R R A C E . All brick, 2 separate livin g a re a s 
Convenient to N E Sch o o ls and shopping. Only $45,9oo 
342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 

Location • conftructlbn • condition 
• Y O U N A M E IT ! B r ig h t a n d spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath, IOO"® 
R O C K hom e. F e a t u r e s la r g e paneled den, living room, dining ro o m w ith Sa ltillo tile flo o rs. 
P riv a c y fenced yard and much more. Located in F O R E S T O A K S 
- Priced af $45,9oo. 
684-433o 344-62o7 Anytime 

 al more s p ? * ? T h i's M a-2 bos it till I COUMTRY VILLAGE 
3 fam dv fun areas, sum mer room. 
„ H I U M H W I ll I f lL U H IL 
Parquet Door, carpet. A beauty. 
O v e r 4 a cre s, boeau tifu l O ak 
M A C REAL ESTATE 828-2521 
Trees, 4 bedrooms, fireplace, 3 
— ...... ......................... stalls in stables with teed and tack 
U l f ll if lU V M Den D fin k l room . D og ke n n e ls. 5125,ooo. 
L u u N U Iu T 4 DLU nU UIVI 
■ 6S6-3441 nites Conway Spencer 
$28,ooo 4 bedroom, 2 balh home 1 494-2116 with plenty of room Excepfional- 
DON JOHNSON, REALTORS iv large backyard, big bedroom s, 
. living and den. 
Exceptional j 
U T X I n n f l l i n 

S A N D IS O N ^ ALTY 
699-92o1 l i t I U I i U I L I 

NO D O W N P A Y M E N T 
E A S Y TO Q U A L IF Y 
Non-Vets accepted. 3 and 4 bedroom s-m any with cetral heat-air and appliances 
227-o227 Watson A Son 655-8546 

E A ST W O O D V IL L A G E beautiful 
3-2-1, no down, $2oo mo. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
G O O D IN V E S T M E N T 
E xce lle n t rental prop erty near 
Brooks A F B . Assum e, total price under $2o,ooo. 696-2266____________ 
G R E E N W A Y B A R G A IN . $25o down, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, ap alienees 1st paym ent in June 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 

L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E 
3-2-2, c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, ra n g e , dishw ash er, g a rb a g e disposal, large trees. Open Term s. $28,ooo 

S E L L O R T R A D E 'S 
S P A C IO U S 3 bedroom , bath and halt, large shade trees 
C O R N E R , 2 bedroom *, 2 den, 
$18,5oo. 
2 B E D R O O M , detached gorage, 
4-2-2. O pen te rm s. 923-8693, 
534-9476, 922-6383. M ike Austin. 

By owner, a split 3 bdrm , large living area, gam eroom with wet­ her large dining room and kit­ chen, intercom, m icrow ave oven. in the 9o s. 696-115o. 
Century 21 
R E A LT O R S-5 o Y e ars Of T R U S T 
R E A L T O R S -B a n d e ra Rd. Ole 
R.R. R A N S O M R E A L T Y 673-77o1 

^ 

21B HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

LESS THAN SZO is o(i the cash von will need, an­ yone con buy, 3 4 b ed room s, 2 beths, so m e w ith c ir one on- chances. 
Paym ents less than rent. 
B O B D eP A O C O 
S32-S7S1______________ R E A L T O R 
M C C U L L O M 4 Bedroom , excel lent condition, under 5 1 2 o o o 
Redecorated, no down VA. 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-4331., R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

MODERATE EQUITIES 

IDHI PAYMENTS 

22S SI 
226- 
PROPERTY 226 - SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
228 RESORT PRUPEBTiES 
23o LOTS 

3-1’ j-cp 
2 1-o 
3-t-CP 
3 I CO 
4-2-1 

$3ooo 
S45oo 
535oo 
$465o 
$3ooo 
675-285o 

$149 mo. 
$134 mo. 
$138 mo. 
$128 mo 
$227 mo. 

Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S S West Ole 
$152 M O N T H And low equity boys this 2 b e d room g a rd e n hom e 
Sp aciou s large built in kitchen 
Quick possession. 481-o66o 
RED CARPET 

N E A R L A C K L A N D • K E L L Y 
Nice 3 bedroom home. Low equi tv, assu m e I I H mo. paym ents. 
475-1691, 342 7435 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
N E A R L A C K L A N D , clean 2 be d room tow nhom e, co n tro l a c ­ heat and ap p lian ce s Only 387o equity ond take over paym ents of 
5148. 674-5411 
RED CARPET 
N E E D LO TS O F R O O M ? 
We have 2 spotless 4 bedroom, 2 bott! homes lust minutes from the bases. Both hom es have wall to wall carpets, d ish w a sh e rs, and m any other extras. VA appraised 
Of $26,5oo and $27,6oo 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341-5423 
RED CARPET 
NO D O W N P A Y M E N T TO A N ­ 
Y O N E . 3 b e d ro o m s, c a rp e ts, corner lot, $2oo down. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344 o936 
NO DO W N TO A C T IV E D U T Y 
M ove in today, 3 bedroom s, air, range, refrig. Close to schools ond bases. Paym ents under $169. 
C E N T U R Y 21 
Kellv-Lackland Realty 
674-1211 
O F F C U P P L E S R D 3 bedrooms, yard completely fenced 
$525 down. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 
SU N F O R R E S T , 3-l’ ?-cp, air. no down, $197 mo. 
■> & J R E A L T Y 674 8883 Anytim e 

S2D TOTAL COST to m ove in. C le an 3 bed room . 
Anybody can buy. First paym ent rn June. 
674-6126________ R& E Real Estate 
$2o T O T A L M O V E IN - 3 bedroom. 
I both, air, patio, only $2o,275! 
First paym ent June. 
222-9616TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S 

" A G R E A T LIF E - C O N T D . " 

 lf life has been good to you, then you can't afford to exclude Fair Oaks, located in 

 the TexaJ Hill Country. Fait O aks is one of the m ost beautiful land offerings in the 
San A n to n io area, with oak covered hills 

 and valleys - a panoram a of nature's beauty at every turn. 

1 to 15 acre hom esites m ay be acquired for im m ediate construction or to build on later. 
A Racquet & Sw im C lu b is co m ­ pleted, and a ch am pion ship golf course is under construction. 
For the equestrian - 

 there are miles of bridle trails that wind through Fair O aks' spectacular hills. 

For inform ation on Fair O aks tract prices 

 and homes, fill out this co u p o n and m ail to; 

Don Smith Company 
Route 8, Box 542 A 
San Antonio, Texas 78229 

N a m e__ 

Address. 

C it y _____ 

Phone, 

.State. 
. Z ip . 

FAIR OAKS 
RANCH 

 lf you haver t seen it. toke time auf this weekend to drive through the area. Its the most exciting development Northwest of San Antonio 

• 5,ooo titres of beautiful Hill 
Count!y land. 
• New 18 hole golf course now under construction. 
• New tennis and swim club, 
9 courts. 

• Miles of riding trails. 
• New homes for solo and viewing. 

• I to IS aero homesites. 

DON SMITH CO. 

6 9 8 - 2 4 4 o 

Drive out 
IM 
IO, 
16 miles 
Northwest of 
Wonderland to 
Tarpon Dr exit. Temporary sales office across from Stuckeys. Ob lain from developer HUD property report and reod before signing. 
HUD wether approves the merits of the offering nor the value, if any of the property. 

5 A C W TRACTS AT 
C A N Y O N LAKE 
Just right for 
" D o n t fence M e In folks! to ke facilities, b o a * ram ps, stores and schools near by. 
Panoram ic view s, m any forge 
O a k trees. 
Selling 
3 o % below m arket value. 
Terms to suit. 
For appointm ent please caf) 
497-3571 or 1-899-2111 

Beautiful Hillside lot. H orseshoe 
Bay Across from Golf Course and near stables. 654-7o11 oft 6 
HO beautiful hilt country a cre s, 
$85o down paym ent, $132.59 per 
, month. Owner wilt finance. Please call 734-9363 
BY O W N E R 
FO R S A L E O R L E A S E 
M E D N A L A K E 
, 14x45 2 bedroom trailer with at­ tached 1ox3o panelled porch on <« 
I acre wooded lot. 
344-1o73; 
1-535-4413. 

NORTHSIOF LOT 
Oak studded, re sid e n tia l lot rn choice n o rth sid e s u b -d iv isio n 
$35,ooo to $65,ooo Homes. $6,95o 
I with terms, by owner, 342-6511, 
[ 341 3281 
I 

TIRRELL RILLS 
C an f find yo u r d re a m h o m e ’ 
Build it an this ch oice " lot. al­ most on acre in site 
Coll for 
* information 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
822-9327 
SU E W E E M S & A SSO C 
KEY GROUP 
Tree studded tot in Ook H aven 
, 171o1 Lilly Crest $3ooo 
C A L L 494-5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
. R E A L T O R S __________________M L S 
W ILL B U IL D TO SU IT 
We have several wooded lots that wilt accommodate a large execu- 
■ live home of over 2,ooo sa ft 2 lots are situated in beautiful G arden 
; Ridge and 2 in quiet Red H o rst 
I M an or of U n ive rsa l Citv. E v e n ­ ings, coit Chuck 453-5651. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 I 977 

232 • FARMS ANO RANCHES 
232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 

C O M P A R E T H E S E 
S IO A ir#*, r e g c a ttle *How ala*#, nmur lait*® , f i g lak e , liv e o a k s a n d p ec an s. In v e s tm e n t security 
Im $ 1 ,2 5 o p m ac, 
182 
A e ra t, 
M ed in a R iv er p ro ­ p e r ty , o n ly 
15 m in fro m S.A. 
H u g e o ak s, all m in era ls. Deer. 
W ay u n d e r rh # m a rk e t a t $ 1 ,3 o o a c re . 
6 4 o 4 A cres, Witt* HIH* n e a r Big 
S en d 
P o rk , 
H ouse 
2 w ells- 
G a m e . Rosy term * , a t $ 6 o . p e r ac re. 
5 8 3 Acre*, a n th e San M orcot l iv e r , O ld tim e c a tta n P ia n to tia n , n o w n a tiv e p a s tu re . 
O w n e r fin a n c e d a t o n ly $8oo. a c re . 
1 2 o Acre*, u n im p ro v e d on th e ca n al clo se to Eagle Pa**. $ 2 6 5 . p e r a c re 
What $ a Tax free Exchange? 
ASK US 
DEVAULT & ASSOC. 
34o-2677 
Property Marketing-£xchange 

 r Wilson COUNTY TEXAS 

113 Acres ah rn Coastal termudg, 3 bedroom brick home, central o* heat, 2 large Hay sheds. 12 inch ir­ rigation well ond irrigation egurp meat thee stock pond, will support 
2oo head cows and calfs. Suitable far horse form, or will produce 
3o,ooo boles of hay per year, also hay * several, S to IS acre tracts, suitable for ham* sites, coll 

ON PRACToR 

WILSON COUNTY REALTY 
Floresville, Texas 
Offke 393-4141 Res. 393-4142 
Mobile 393-6912 
V i 
< 

236 eOMWEBCIHl PROPERTY 

SAE 

 canyon lake 
C e n t u r y 21 im rustic cabin with tire- ! 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
2 bedroom rustic cabin with fire place, excellent view of Lak e . 
$18 OOO A. Jones 497-3571.________ 
Canyon Lake hom e on 2 aes. 3 bedroom s-! detached, l ' i bath, util. room. carport, large oaks, rock patios, well. 
$34, $oo 
I-899-7857 
C A N Y O N L A K E -B Y O W N E R 
14x7o mobile home, 2 bedroom , 2 

5oX125’ C o rn e r lot, Votaw and 
Miivid sis. $2,ooo 435-8247 after J. 

23MNVESTMENT PROPERTY 

5 ACRES 

T R A N S F E R R E D O W N E R 
A N X IO U S 
Super clean and beautiful carpet­ ing. The best 3-2-1 buy in town! 
P ic k u p equity on low m onthly payments. Separate den plus for mal living room, fully equipped kitchen 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
V A L L E Y H L L arg e 3-2-2 with den, form al dining and breakfast area, central air heat, all appliances, fully carpeted $29,95o. No down on VA loan 674-5411 
RED CARPET 

 v a l L E Y -H I. 3-1-1, range, fridge, d ish w a sh e r, c e n tra l air-h e a t, fenced yard. Eauity and assum e 
$157 mo. 
C e n t u r y 21 
R.R. R A N S O M R E A L T Y 673 77o1 

Lots of trees, good w ater R E A 
Electricity. Ideal for country liv­ ing. Owner finance Cecil O rrick 
Don Smith Broker 
735-8ooo 

4 ACRES 
MAREAN OFFER! 
N am e yo u r term s! S E of Sa n 
Antonio, near C a fa v o ra s. M B G 
R E A L E S T A T E . 927-7441. 
IO Acres, 4o mi. from 41o N flat with cedar and oaks. Jim Ashley 
Real Estate 684-4276 

3.1 ACRES 
IO m inutes from C an yo n Dam , 
$695 per acre Owner will ca rry note. 342-18o8 
B IL L H U G H E S, 
B R O K E R 
5 Acres near Blanco, high view, beautiful trees, $54 mo No down payments. 
Jim 
Ashley 
Realty 
226-7774 
IO acres near Seguin, $7995. sm all dow n, long term fin a n c in g bv owner. 534-8876. 

W E M O V E E M F A ST ! 
List with the -O LD R E L IA B L E S '. 
We’ve sold out our inventory 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
YO U N G P E O P L E ’S D E L IG H T 
Carpeted throughout, stove, re ­ frigerator, cathedral ceilings, 3 bedroom s, brick patio and well landscaped yard with extra large den No down paym ent to VA. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

4 A C R E S -N O DO W N , $31 99 mo 
Lake LBJ, call 341-2oo3. 

NEW ON MARKET 

N e w ly re d e c o ra te d 
4 b d rm , 
3Vi b a th h o m e on 
5 a c re s clo se -in N W , N o rth sid e sch o o ls, close to IM -IO . O w n e r m o v in g ond m u st sell. 
B e lo w m a r k e t fo r a re a . 
4M9PPP 

2 6 
A c re s 
1 4 m ile s so u th et 
4 1 o . 
P a v e d fro n ta g e , so m e field, lots o f tre e s. 
O w n e r c a rry w ith v e r y g o a d te rm s. 
• • • • • 

I 2 o A c re s In St. H e d w ig a re a . 
C o m b in a tio n co a sta l o n d c u ltiv o tio n -o g o o d little sto c k fa rm w ith t w o la rg e ta n k s a n d p a v e d fro n ta g e . 
T e rm s b y o w n e r. 
• • • P P 

3 4 o 
A c re s 
N I 
A t a s c o s a 
Co. 
So m e C o a sta l, so m e o ld field , lot o f g o o d liv e o a k s a n d c o u n ­ ty ro a d ail a ro u n d . C o u ld b e rip e fo r d e v e ie m m e n t o r im ­ p ro v e m e n t, g o o d h u n tin g. 
ART SEIDO, REALTOR 

1o3 BILTMORE, STE. 2o4 

Off; 342-9486 
Res-. 655-5oo4 

RIVER TRACTS 
AREN’T CHEAP 
But 

TERMS ARE 
GOOD! 

I Vb to 2 acres, on Guadalupe 

River, good building site, good 

 water access, from SI 5,ooo. 
NBG REAL 
ESTATE 

7 3 3 - 1 3 o 9 

RENTAL INVESTMENT 
City of Seguin- close in- all A-t 
. . . 
______ . 
. . . 
... 
I condition, 2 bedroom home, ca r­ barn, on concrete slab with metal petea, appliances, central heat. 3 
1 r Av/ar nu or hnm a livTA r Au orari 
.. 
. 
_ . cover over home. 14x3o covered patio, double g a ra g e Ort 2 tree studded lake vie w lots $25,ooo. 
Owner will carry note. 1-899-2941 

Canyon Lake island 
Custom 3-2-2 with tirepioce atop 
Canyon Lake island All elec, na­ tive rock, 25oo sq.ft. on over ' j acre. Lake view from every win- dow. $79,5oo. I 512-935 2447 
C A N Y O N L A K E A C R E A G E 
Souths"4® g4 lake. beautiful view of laku. re ts, hilts O w n e r fin- 
- anced 
; 'c r t tracts or la rg e r 
I 824-8421 -ii-2983, 826-89.16________ 
C a n y o n L a k e w a te r fro n t lot, 
, SS^OS owner 73S-QT49, 736-28o8 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B I L E L O T 
■ 1o,ooo sq. ft. fantastic view, Pool, 
■ boat ram p near bv. $14oo, SIDO down, 78 mo. at $21.43 A P R 8%. 
________ _____ ______ 
. M E L M I L L E R 
226-2324 off WW White neor Peach Grave, 

165 ACRE RANCH, w^h about I Vt rot liver fromage near Seguin 
Bony pecan ond live oaks trees, I home ond I guest house, several boms and I set of cattle pens. 
Crossfenced into 8 improved gras*. postures with 2 tanks. Will tarry 6o cow units and is excellent deer hunting. Owner finance at SI 65o per acre 
GUY THOMPSON 
REAL ESTATE 
1o3A la Plaza Bldg., Seguin, Tx 
658-8444 

 l 
Eve 1-379-7582 

R A N C H A N D F A R M L A N D S 
S Acres And Up 
Sterling Burke Realtors 824-63St 
KEY GROUP 

 air units- duplex, I bedroom, con­ trol air- heat, corpet, appiiances- 
Furn. I bedroom effic opt - Pecan 
' tree shaded tot- all SSS,OOO. 
C A R LO S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379 5947 
SE G U IN . T E X . 
I 5o1 E Kingsbury P O Box 1122 __ __ 
B A N D E R A 
-------------------- 
--.......... 
32j Acres. P rim e hunting, well, 
I j a i l e r p a r k sp rin g , co u n ty rood fro n ta ge , 
1 17 spaces plus duplex and garage priced r.gtit! E xce lle n t term s nnt nine 
Cd < Hah Aiunnv tin 
„ — 
J. _ . . ... 
... 
— apt. plus 24x54 shop. Ow ner fin­ ancing, Call Em ory Niles 533-14o5 
C O U N T R Y S T O R E on Pleasanton Rd. with 131o sq. ft - all equipm ent and inventory plus 2 rent h o u se s on ' ■> acre. 
$32,5oo. Call J C Niles 337-4848 
O N L Y $15,ooo for this 5 room building near the 
C oliseum , a lre a d y coned. C all 
Fidel Niles 635-8474 
B R O O D F A R M 
Established business with 16 sta­ bles near Von Orm y. Ow ner will finance. Cal! Jim. Niles 337-4823 
N E A R L Y IO A C R E S 

A C C E N T R E A L T Y , Kerrville, Tx 
896-44o4 

2 M aso n ry 4-Plexes, Olm os Park, 
2 Jefferson. Will consider trading eauity. one or m ore for beautiful suburban acreage north. Owner 
824-47oo.___________________________ 
N E A R P L E A S A N T O N 
Big 3-2-den, huge fireplace, only 3 y e a r s old. O n S tree stu d d e d acres. Blacktop road on 3 sides 
Fence, cross-fenced. 
349-65o3, 
494-2o-1o 

Martha Worteu Raallors 

! C h o ic e R iv e r m o n t lot 
! transferred • M u st sell Ea u ity, toke up paym ents Coll 696 28o6 
F O R R E N T C a n y o n L a k e 3-2. 
I G o rg e o u s Stone ond C e d a r A 
; Fram e. 2 tree studded lots A p ­ pliances. fireplace, loft- decks, ] 

B e in g I excellent for sub-d ividing. Call 
John tor details, nites 923-6185 i 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 532-325:i 

 fenced. N ear B oat ram ps, per mo. 653-5933. 
$45o 

F O R T C L A R K S P R IN G S M E M - 
S E R S H IP -R e a s. 653 4382_________ 
Fort Clark Springs M em bership 
Call 822-3641. 

NEW BERLIN 
1.3o acres, b eautiful live oaks, road frontage, water line. $75oo cash. 

Land Locators ot Texas 
S A 667-llS4, 667-1333 
C L E A R E D LA N D 
Good for coastal or vegetables. IS acres on P M 476 (7oo’ road front), excellent terms. 
SA N T E X 
R E A L T O R S 

6 5 3 * o 4 6 o 

CO., 

ON F M 1863 
C o rn e r O a k rid g e D r reduced. 
Owner will finance. 824-7334 

Bftte Rase. Realtor 

F T . C L A R K S P R I N G S M E M ­ 
B E R S H IP 
A N D LO T C H O IC E . 
673-3735. 

C e n t u r y 21 

232 m s MIO RANCHES 

A 19+AC. TRACT 
! Le ake y A rea- H e a vily wooded. 
Good hunting-S2oo down- E m o ry 
Jones- 734-4627 or 828-6244 
, 

F T C L A R K S P R IN G S , Brackett­ ville. Lot for M o b ile H o m e or 
Townhouse. Pool, Club, Stable, 
Health Spa. Tennis-G olf Course. 
Planned group activities. Current value $5,ooo M ake ofter on equi­ ty. Assum e loan balance $1,817 57 c u rre n t v a lu e $5,ooo. C o r p u s 
Christi (1)855-9ooo 

A beautiful 45o acre ranch rn Real 
County, I perm anent creeks, oil m in e rals, on ly $475 p er a cre , 
Ranch Market (512) 824 o156. 

O V E R O N E A C R E 
14 mites from l o o p 4)o in W IL SO N 
C O U N T Y 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, fam ily room, central heat-air. At­ tached g a r a g e a n d d o u b le d e ­ tached g a ra g e , 2 b a rn s, pens, chicken c o o p s. )5o' fron tage on 
MWV 87E. 
Santex Co Realtors 6S3-o46o 

H O M E S A N O C A B IN S 
Vacation or year-round living in Lakehills, Texas 
695-8811 Watson & Son 1-751-233o 

6 A C R E S of land on Esp ad a Rd. with irrig a tio n righ ts 
Call for information 923-4327, 924-1968 
Ronald W illiam son 
2o A c r e s of la n d , 3 b e d ro o m house, cent, heat-air, at Center 
Point, Tx. For Sale By Owner, 
649-2985 

218 HOUSES MOVED 

IO o cre s on creek with flow ing 
I spring. Hill Country. Jack Jack- i son Real Estate, 695-9195 
■W W 1 58.o2 A C R E S on F M 1518, 2 mi. 
House (Cedar Shake Roof) New east of 181 S. $1ooo ac 
A rth u r oaint - Inside needs som e w ork w a s $8,ooo - but m ust Sacrifice for 
$6,ooo 828-8o5o 
_ 

New Homes Moved To your lot. All paneled and plum b­ ing, vinyl floor covering 
2 bedroom, I bath. $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom, I both, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber__________624 2256 
Wilt nay top dollar for houses to m ove or w reck. Po-Co, 459 Old 
Hwy 9o West. 673-2573, S33-9o98 

224 HOUSES, SALE OR BENT 

3 2-2, 2,ooo sq. ft Single L iv in g 
Areo. Shag Carpet. Drapes, fire place, appliances fenced. N E $45o 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
D e v in e , T e x a s 
1-663-4558 

S A Direct Line 826-12oo 
A B S O L U T E L Y B E A U T I F U L ! 
Owner-broker m ust sell fabulous 
N orthside, 4 bed room all rock house on 5 tree studded acres. 
E x tra s include out building and horse facilities. Better h u rry on this one at $76,5oo. B ro k e rs pro­ tected John Philpott. 342-48o8. 

Veltman Realty, 333-31 SO 
5' DAC RES, St. Hedwig area, sep­ tic, w ater, fenced , o n d other im provem ents. Only $13,ooo 
924-42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 533-7987 

C O M M U T E to San Antonio and in 
Boerne. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths on on acre with view of hill 
Ruby W right 344-2341, 342-5847 
B O B JO N E S. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
C O U N T R Y C L U B L IV IN G 
Beautiful brick 5 bedroom, 3 bath with living-dining and 18x21 fam i­ ly roam. Carpeted thruout, corner fireplace, covered patio and ten­ n is c o u rts on n e a rly 7 a c re s. 
$85,ooo Open term s Call J C. 
532-3252 
N IT E S 337-4838 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
B y O w n e r 2-2-2, la rg e m o b ile home on fo acre, fenced, patios, g a ra g e , w o rk sh o p . IH -1 o N W , v e ry neat a n d cle an . $23,9oo 
698-26o4 eves. 
___________ 
D E V IN E , T E X A S . All brick 3-2-2 tor o c c u p a n c y . 3 be 

P e rm a n e n t C re e k ! E a s y com m uting distance but tor enough for tranquility. Sm all num ber of creek front tra c ts out of large ranch. Trees, clean ail , gam e and b ird s galore. V e ry eosv term s! 
O w ner finance. R anch 535-4391; 
547-5o12 or S.A 828 783o.__________ 

PIPE GREEK AREA 
3 acres, beautiful view, nice oaks, g o o d soil. $595 p er a c re . B ill 
Hughes, Broker. 342-1661_________ 

’ POSITION OPEN 
P a rt time Real Estate Sa le sp e r­ s o n s n e e d e d fo r s u b u r b a n property. 
494-7871 
- 
P IG O T T 
P R O P E R T IE S . 

H O M E W IT H 276 ti. waterfront. 
Fauries Sub No. 2. In protected cove. H os own good well, 3 out b uildings for storage H a s own boat launch Com plete with sec wail and dock 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
L A K E L B J 
To lease or sh are with owner beautiful "La k e fro n t home that has everything". P re s­ tige addition w ith golf-te n n is. 
1-598-2743- 1-258-6984. 

A BIG B A S S T A N K on this 271 ac. b la c kla n d farm between S.A and New Braunfels. 
3-2 Home, airstrip. $1,ooo per ac. 
D E V A U L T A Assoc 349-2677 
Property M arketing-Exchange 
A B S O L U T E L Y F A N T A S T IC , find 
IOO a c re s w ith m o u n ta in top home, for under $91 ,$oo with an hour’s drive and i ii buy it, Other­ w ise buy m ine 
Jo h n P h ilp o tf owner broker, 342-48o8. B roke rs protected. 

B A N D E R A C O U N T Y 
$6o Acre gam e ranch. Perm anent creek, hunters cabin, under $4oo per acre. 
Ranch 
M arket 
(512)824-o156.____________________ 
15 B E A U T IF U L H IL L C O U N T R Y 
A C R E S O nly 24 m iles north of 
16o4 on H w y 281 N orth. M a n y trees, eaved road frontage. Ideal building site. Reasonable restric­ tions. Term arranged 

Joe Cullm an 344 2341 
BOB J O N E S R E A L T O R 
B y ow ner 4oo a cre s, SO m ile s 
Southeast. Id e a l p ure b re d or h a y in g o p e ra tio n Ir ir ig a t e d , gently roiling with scattered oak trees, good m ineral potential $65o per acre, 
No agents please. 
828 7218__________________________ 

Castroville area, 25-5o-1oo aes. 2 good houses, Wuter good hunting 
Owner, 1-426-3578, 426-3441 

— R A N C H L A N D S — 
Land For All Purposes 
No. 7 Flintstone. 78213 
344 9936 

RIMCQ REALTY 
684-36oo Ranches 492 2796 
SO 
T E X A S IOO A C R E S O R - 
B R U S H 
C O U N T R Y E X C E L 
L E N T 
H U N T IN G - W A T E R 
W E L L -E L E C T R IC IT Y , 
1o’S 
DOW N 
J IM L E E R E A L T Y 
713-461-289o (H O U ST O N ) 

SOUTH TEXAS 
31)5 ocre cattie ranch, 13 tanks, 
26 pastures, 4 irrig a tio n w ells 
Priced below market! 
Land Locators of Texas 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 
I S P A N IS H Style Hom e with 3 be droom, 3 bath, huge den and fire place, beautiful cou rtyard , air- heat, onty i mi. oft IH-1o E ast All 
! this situated on 15 a cre s Only 
$65,ooo D A L E D Y E S S R E A L - i TOR. 2o6 S. Austin St., Seguin, Tx. 
I 379-6158. 

BABCOCK RD. 
2 otfotent J 3 acre tracts Zoned 
®-3. 
Could be rerolled cont- memo! Buy one w both Homes end oet-bu'i'f ngs now on pro­ perty could be converted to $ ajMirtments 436 ft frontage on 
Babcock Sd just south of Babcock 
North end Tanglewood entrances. 
Owner wilt carry. 

COMMERCIAL POTENTIAL 
5 6 ocres at intersection id 
Hollyhock Bd and Kitchener Bd 
Ixtettent location for apartment or condominium complex. 2.ooo sq ft brick home on property with own web and water system, but majority of value is rn the load. Owner will Corry 

FOR DIT AILS ANO VOWING 
CALL 342-411 i ANYTtML 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

P a g e 
7 - D 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

7o,ooo Sq. Ft. 

DOWNTOWN 

Oma-WAREHOUSt 

Roil served facility for 

LEASE OR SALE 

342-3127 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ ja. 
IN T H I H E A R T w. 
* . 
O F D O W N T O W N 
+ 
S A N A N T O N I O 

J* Income producing approximately +■ 
I 2 ocre on St Rarys Street. 4 j * 

N O W L E A S I N G 

N O R T H S ! D B O F F IC E S , 
W A R E H O U S E , 
AND INDUSTRIAL SPACK. 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

6 9 o - o 3 o o 

G R E A T A M E R IC A 
C O M f A N H S 

J * blocks north of Houston Street J * ac*e ^ O W ce v 6rt*?vc?one ranee, 
J * Frontage on 3 streets, ideo! for near 16o4 a n d IN IO. $59$ p er 

S T O C K D A L E 
R ock house, with fireplace. 2o pecan trees- 2o peach trees, or­ chard, cyclone fenced. B orn for horses, sm okehouse M uch more 
3 Acres, by owner, sell or trade! 
653-48oo. 

) * downtown housing, high rise of- J*! 
J* flee or retail professional tom- id 
* pie. SI 6o.ooo lf 

Discount for cosh or swap fat J 
J good tost or Central Texas RANCH J 
J with water and minerals. 
J 

^ Contort Bill Horns, 22oo W Loop J* 
# 
South Suite 21o, Houston, Tx 
J* 
+ 
77o27 (713)421-814o 
J* 

 i r k ' k ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

C O U N T R Y H O M E 2o acres river frontage. 3 bedroom, 2 bath, fire­ p la c e 
G o o d c o n d itio n . N e o r 
Junction. $65,ooo. 224-54o6 ask tor 
Mr. Thorton 

S.W.T. FARM AND RANCH 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
T h e re a re I num erous ranches of 64o acres or larger in LA S A L L E A N D W E B B 
C O U N T Y that we think are good investm ents. F o r specific infor­ mation, coll or write 
L E E R P E T E R S 
1-879-2/59 
P.O. BO X 563, Cotulla, Tx. 73o14 

O P P O R T U N IT Y K N O C K S ! Local investor broker, m ust sell prim e p ro p e rtie s, 3o a c re s on U S 9o 
West, 985 ft. on Hwy. $18o,ooo. 7o ocres on Castroville City limits, alt utilities, rive r front $21o,ooo 
Nam e your term s! John Philoott. 
342-46o8___________________ 

PLUMBING SHOP 
Qtrs, 3^2 3. inventory to be purchased separate, on Blanco 
828 o665 
736-1766 
734 4117 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
R A IL S P U R R 
4 U a cre s coned 
•1-2 
Next to Kelly Field. $32,5oo. 
O w n e r fin a n c e , e a s y te rm s. 
I 828-4452, 826-519o. 

2o,/i AG 

REALLY NICE HOMES 

5 a cre s w aterfront on beautiful s p rin g ted creek. P ecan trees, w alnut trees- oak, beautiful hill c o u n tr y vie w s. 
$675 dow n payment. $1o5 29 oer mo Owner financing available. 734-9598 
23 Acre Tract. 63 acre tract on IH 
37, 3 mi. south of citv limits. Arth- ur Veltman Realty, 333-315o 
5 acre waterfront Boerne area. 
Beautiful hill country. Big trees, cystol clear sp rin g water, $65o down paym ent, $1o1 39 per mo 
Owner financed. Coll tor appt 
734-9363 

 on large corner lot. Storage shed, large patio, carpeted, w ater sof­ tener. 1-663-5787 

E X E C U T I V E H O M E S I T E S 
N O R T H 
Large ook studded tracts, 8 miles north of town, beautiful view s, p a ve d ro a d s, w ater a n d elec. 
First time ottered. Call 822-9355 
For sale or trade, 285 ft. on the 
Guadalupe, like a p ark, 2o mi. from 
Son Antonio, by owner. 
684-21o6. 

*/z AC ALL UTILITIES 
Quiet country areu. m any pecans 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A TSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 

IO AC HILL COUNTRY 
Fish. swim, out of city, weekend in 3-1; i mobile, only $24,ooo 
828-o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
W A TSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
A cre a g e for sale, bv ow ner, 4 o c re s on C ib olo C reek, in citv limits of Boerne, beautiful home site. 736-455.____________________ _ 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
N W of San A n to n io in B e x a r, 
Comal. Kendall Co's. 1-18- acres or More 
DON SMITH CU 
698-244o 
B R O K E R 
698-2261 

ACREAGE TRACTS 
In the country, North of S A from 
I to 3o acres. Owner financed. Call 
Jim Hanley, broker. San Antonio. dial direct 497-3621 Anytime. 

BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
497-3621 R E A L T O R S 1 + 433 7442 

5-1o ACRE RANCH 
SE, on Sulphur Springs Rd. ideal retirement homesite for houses or m obiles. Lots of trees, ga rd e n soil. O w ner financed, with low aown payment. 
J IM 
L E E R , 
684-3o44. 
____________________ 
D A C R E S and up 
In Bexar and W ilson Co Paved road frontage, also Texas Veter­ ans land avail 
344-6268 
684-5768 
923-5844 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E ST A T E INC. 

5 ACRES and UP com m uting distance from S.A. 
344-6268 
341-6566 
684-5768 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC. 

IO ACRES and lip in Bexar and W ilson Co. Paved road frontage, also T exas Veter­ ans land avail. 
344-6268 
923-5844 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 
2o A cres at $695 acre, off 281N, 
Pretty oaks, excellent hunting. 
Jim Ashley Real Estate 684-4276 
3 '?A e r e s , B e x a r Co. p e a ch o r ­ chard, all electric greenhouse, forge brick home. $11o,ooo. Shown by oppointm nent only. Sa m P. 
Campbell. Broker, 656-7667.______ 
IO Acres, eost of Blanco, sm all house, good top soil. Jim Ashley 
Real Estate 684 4276. 

A GORGEOUS RELAXING 
VIEW FOH MILES 
Enjoy from a large patio in the lovely m a n icu re d 4 o cre yard. 
Complim ent this custom built 3 2-2 I 
I m asonry home. It is worth looking at! 
249-3545 or 249-2678 
242 S M A IN 
B O E R N E , 
T E X . 
R.M. George Realty 

A LARGE HOUSE 
FOB A LARGE FAMILY 
Lovely two story colonial, 4 be­ droom, 2' i bath, living area with fireplace. F o rm a l d ining room , shaded back yard. $65,ooo. 
249-3545 or 249-2678 
242 S. M A IN 
B O E R N E , 
T E X . 
R.M. George Realty 
A lm ost new, very nice tri-level c o u n try hom e on 2* a liv e oak covered hilltop acres, fireplace, sundeck, 4-3-2 Few miles out en p a v e m e n t 
P E T E 
H A R D T . 
B R O K E R , 1-663-2622 Devine 

AN ACRE UP 
B e a u tifu l co u n try ch om e site, plenty of Oaks, Highly restricted, paved streets, som e a re as with water, horses O.K. 
494-3448, A N Y T IM E 

FULL TIME VACATION 
This choice lot overlooking beau­ tiful Lake T ra v is can be yours 
Yeor round golfing, fishing, boat­ ing and horseback riding M arina and cam p g ro u n d s. C h u rch e s, sch o o ls and b eautiful hom e in area. Nites 656-8218 
655-6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 
M O R T O N 

S O U T H W E S T R E A L T Y 

HELOTES 
I 4.o9o Acres, good view, old tank, septic tank perm it. Electricity, 
• good road. $12,5oo, $25oo down. 
I For sale and finance bv owner. 
695-89o5; 695-32o5.________________ 

HIGH ON THE HILL 
I C U S T O M 
B U IL T 
- 
L U X U R Y 
H O M E i Hwy. 281N in Com al Co. O ver 27 acres of Hill Country delights 
Call Riley Flynn 
Niles 698-2842 
$149,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6395 

 droom s, 2 full baths, fam ily room with fireplace - carpet - central heat and air. Reasonable priced from $39,5oo with as little down as j 5%. 
249-3S45 or 249-2678 
242 S. M A IN 
B O E R N E , 
T E X . 
R.M. George Realty 
R IV E R F R O N T IOO Ft. 16 m iles from Son Antonio Not a subdivi- 
J sion. $38oo with good term s Steve 
Ham el, 828-1o92__________________ 
R.M G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
, 242 M A IN 
B O E R N E , T E X A S 
249-2678. 249-3545, 249-3546 

SECLUDED BEAUTY 
4 bedroom s, 3’ j baths, separate d in in g room , go u rm e t kitchen, unusual m ostersuite, this Spaish ram bler is nestled am ong giant 
I liv e o a k s on 6 '* a c r e s in H ill 
Country Village. L arge fireproof stables. $16o,ooo. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

LAKEWAY’S BEST! 
Lakew ay lakefront, large lot on b e a u tifu l L a k e T r a v is . M a n y large trees in areo of beautiful homes. Exceptional value! U S ft. on the water, o ve r 2oo ft deep 
F a c e s east on sh e lte re d cove. 
$39,5oo Fantastic view! 
Phillips Lakew ay Properties 
Mr. Rose 512-261-5456 

MEDiNA-CANYQN LAKE 
Residential lots, trees, utit 
828-o665 
716-1766 
534-4439 
W ATSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
M E D IN A L A K E 
Waterfront homes. Call us. 
69S-88H Watson A Son 1-751-233o 
M E D IN A L A K E 
Setting your property? 
Call us. Full-time Realtors 
695 881 1 Watson A Sun 1-751-233o 
Medina Lake, 6 room brick, 2o6’ front. l-7SI-2989(no collect)_______ 
M E D IN A R I V E R F R O N T A G E over 333 ft. riv e r fron tage. 3-2 hom e, ce n tro l h e at a n d a ir. 
Beautiful trees, m ust see to appreciate. 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
M U S T S E L L 
Beautiful resort W oodcreek lot, near Wimberly, 4o min. from S A 
36 hole golf c o u rse 3o te n n is courts, sw im m in g, horses, re s ­ ta u ra n t and n ig h tc lu b M U C H 
M O R E ! Current value, $75oo. Will 

3 bedroom home, woodburning fireplace, well, big frees 
828-o665 
716-1766 
648-o873 
W A I SON A SO N R E A L T O R S 
A C C E P T IN G B ID S 
Until April 1$ to settle estate: 278 a cre s adjacent to Sa n M a rc o s 
Airport with rail and road fron­ tage. Has trees, tank and sm all creek • mostly in cultivation 
B F D A V ID S O N R E A L T O R 
P O Box 1138 • 512-392-8156. San 
Murcos, Texas 78666 

I S O U T H . 2' ;o c re s or m ore. all 
I utilities, terms, 626-1544 

7o A C R E F A R M N E A R N E W 
B R A U N F E L S , Ow ner financed 
177 Acre farm near Devine. *6oo per acre, 29% down. 
684-4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
I acre la k e on 96 a c r e s n e a r 
Paige, Tx. has remodeled home, im provem ents, ’ a m ile p a vin g , fenced, som e cultivation, trees. 
Owner financed with 29% down, 
' $12o,ooo. 
George 
Reinem und, 
684-1596.______________________________ 
12 acre live oak hills. Joins huge i ranch, deer-turkev. $395 per acre. 
Liberal terms. 1-896-244o 
2o A C R E S B E A U T IF U L T R E E S 
I 
IO mi. south of Loop 41o 
E a sy terms, low down 
227-o227 Watson & Son 
628-1262 
SO acres bluff creek ranch $495 per acre, great hunting, we will 
I finance 2o ye ars at 734% sim ple interest, with 5% down payment. 
Call tor appointment 734-9363 
I 5oo Acres, C astro ville area, ex- 
I cedent hunting, Owner financed all or part 1-426-3441, 1-426-3578. 
48.6 A c re s, 4o c o a s ta l, n e a r 
I Stockdale, hay barn, pens, well and 
2 tanks. 
$85o per acre. 
; 1-996-387o 

DEER HUNTERS 
925 a c re s in L a S a ile C o u n ty , creek, 6 acre lake, tower blinds, heavy brush with excellent roads and senhora'*. land Locators ol Texas 
S A 667 1154, 667-1333 
I 
D E V IN E A R E A , Beautiful brick on ll ocres. 3 bedroom , 2 bath, double garage, form al living area with fireplace, good wed, large m asonry barn. 2' i miles north of 
Devine. 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-433! R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5597 
O R S 
A N D 
L A W Y E R S 
R E T R E A T 
133 to 3oo ocres in T a rp e y area 
County graded road, good hunt- 
; mg. limited bucks killed every 
I year 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your land from the natives 
P IP E C R E E K , TX 695-848U 
Farm and Ranch Listings Wanted 
5o Acres or larger within 65 miles of San Antonio. Write full details and onces 
E D. GO ZA, R E A L T O R 
! 618 M cCullough Ave., San Anton- iO, 
Tex., 
227-81o5, 
822-53oo, 
; 826-5618._________ ________________ 
PO R S A L E B Y O W N E R 
6oo A C R E S out of larger ranch. 
G o o d re m o d e le d ca b in . G o o d 
: ro a d s 
A p p ro x . 5o mi. N W Of 
, Uvalde. Excellent hunting. 5265 ocre with good term s to qualified b u y e r. C a ll L a r r y T h o m a s at 
817-737 4o3? from 8 5 M on-Fri 

GUADALUPE COUNTY 
1 IS acres covered with ook trees, tong county road frontage. $1ooo an acre. 

T A K E Y O U R C H O IC E 
5 b e a u tifu l 2o a c re t ra c ts in 
Q U A IL R U N near Seguin. County rood. A vailable utilities. O w ner , fin a n ce d . V I R G I N I A S M IT H 
736-1766 

W A R E H O U S E 14 FT. C E IL IN G 
Offices in front 57oo sa.ft. lots of yard space, zoned J best location and term s 
Call quick 
828-o66$ 
333-1163 
736-3694. 344-2341 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R 
W A TSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
145 acres creek-dense woods 
J K. L E IG H T O N , R E A L T O R S 
Vonderpool, 78885 
512-966-343o 
W AN T P L E N T Y O F G O O D S O IL ? 
W e hove a p p ro x . 28 o c re s on 
Covert R d 
T e rm s by s e lle r if needed. Cart 341-4666 for m ore information. Nites 344-7o36. 
Don Bouctiolle 
A CO INC. R E A L T O R S M L S 

6o517o' Steel B ld g on o n e d h ird acre. 8 It security fence. P arts 
Room, 2 offices and shop $65,ooo firm 532-4151. 

 m onth. F o r in q u ire . 344-o244, night 699-o367. ______________ 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo sa It new m asonry building tor sole, neor expressw ay, easy term s for strong buyer. 
9.ooo sa ft,. M o so n ry building tor tease month to month or tong term. 
4 SOO sa. It. tor lease 
P E A C O C K . R E A L T O R S . 8244)51^ 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 

TOR SAK 

C H O IC E C o m m e rc ia l prooerty 
C orner San P e d ro and F re sn o . 
736-12o4 69o-8514 otter * pm. 
IN D U S T R IA L L O T S 1 
Acre and up. Zoned l-l, fully developed. 
V I P Pork. E a sy terms. 433-14*9 

248 DFFICf SPACE EDR LEASE 

 p r e s t i g i o u s O f f i c e 's p a c e in grow ing N.W. sector, R easono bte rates. G reater S A 
Butlers 
Assoc. 
8925 N.W. IH-1o. 696 38oo_________ 
E X C E L L E N T O F F IC E SF A C E in 
V o lle y H I E x e c u t iv e C e n te r across Vallev-Hi D rive from VaS- tev-Hi Mali Available of $o cents per sq.ft Wirt alter to suit yo u r requirem ents. F o r view ing, call 
673-5o83 A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
N E, garden office space, utilities pd, ideal environm ent for creative p eop le to w o rk . G a le C la r k , 
826-32$ I. 
H enry 
S. 
M iller 
Co. 
Realtors. 

Want to buy welt im oroved w ork­ in g ra n ch in E a st T e x a s with w a te r and m in e ra l rig h ts . 
$1,5oo,ooo to $2,ooo,ooo M r. H arris 
8723 Cavel!, Houston, Tx 77o55. 
W E C AN S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H -F A R M OR H O M E 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U STO N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 or 249-3314 

WEEKEND RETREAT 
285 acres of rolling oak covered hills. Hunters cabin, barns, pens, s p rin g fed tank 
F e n ce d info 4 pastures. Porklike setting 3o min. north Owner will sell all or cart. 
Owner financed. 
J E R R Y W A G N O N 8. A SSO C 
828-33o1 
344-7719 Niles 

Land Locators el Texas 
S.A. 667-1 154, 667-1333 t O U N T R Y 

W H A T ’L L YO U H A V E 
! Com al Co. 26 acres of beautiful j hill country. N e a r the take vet 
I close to San Antonio. $166o ac. 
Gillespie Co. 7o Acr es, 16 mi. west i of Fredericksburg. $9oo oc. 
; M edina Co. 8oo a cre s farm land and brush. N ear LaCoste. $5oo ac. 
Calf Riley Flynn 
Niles 698-2842 
824 6395 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6395 
Guy Chipman Go 

238 -COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

LEASE 

AN E X C E L L E N T L O C A T IO N 
2327, 2331 V an ce J a c k s o n Rd. 
Available soon Spaces tor beauty shop ond florist. 1,ooo sq.ft. each, 
$275 mo. 735-o961, 696-/777. 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
AND OFFICE SPACE 
A ll sizes to meet any need Art areas of S A Ernest Soble Com- m erciol Prop. 349-3639.___________ 
1139-4 B a sse R d N ew red tile fire-proof building, 87oo sq.ft. of w arehouse dr. light m anufactur­ ing. Large office also. 696-So48 or 
696-5243 
B U SY L O C A T IO N S 
722 W. Hildebrand-1233 B a sse Rd. 
Hildebrand- Approx. 1,ooo sq.ft. 
Antiques, pet shop or nightclub. 
$375 mo. B a sse Office or sm all business, $13 mo. 735-o961, Nites 
696-7777 

O F F IC E S P A C E F O P R E N T 
Suitable for any type business or warehouse 12o4 W E ST A V E $15o mo. 736 1681 or 344-3471. Brenner j Co 
__________________________ 
Office Space for Lease! I office or 
I suite of offices, carpeting, pon- i cling, ample parking, N. Central t location 5o cents a sa. It. tnciud m g util 653-7723 
Prim e office space on new Norm i E x p re ssw a y near airport, reo 
I conable rate, covered parking, ail 
I conveniences. 344-3456 weekdays 
14oo sa. ft. office building, all your own 41o and B a n d e ra Rd. F o r d e t a ils c a ll6 8 4 - 4 4 2 A ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

252 SEU OR EXCHANGE 

H A V E C A SH B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s, a n ts n e e d in g repairs John B. Eccetl, Broker 
6o8 Gunter Bldg 226-7o31 824-8o23 

D O W N T O W N a cro ss from N BC , 
423 N. M ain 2,ooo-7,ooo sa It. tor rent. 3Scents-locent$ per sa.ft. 
224-7111, 732-59o9. 

W IL L T R A D E W aterfront lot or com m ercial acreage at L B J take as part of purchase price tor du­ plex. triplex or 4-plex -or any in­ com e prod u cin g property O R J bed room hom e In N E. S c h o o l district. 8:3o to 5pm 824-9531. 
________ I 

Free standing building, 33oo sa H 
Neor W onderland on Fred ericks­ burg Rd 28c per sq.ft. 27 mo lease a v a ila b le now . 
M r . 
R e y e s , 
735-3oo1 before 9AM 

NORTHSIDE 

21o AC R F 5 
H ighly im proved on M e d in a ir ­ rigation, 5 stock ponds, nice 3 bedroom home^fireplace, term s sell tor $5995. No reasonable otter ' 
R E A l- To R $ 
826-671* refused. 651-69o1 

Spacious country home on 6 acres 
I in B u lv e rd e a re a . F ir e p la c e , 
I b e a m e d c e ilin g s , d e c k in e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n B e a u tifu l s h a d e d y a rd , la r g e g a r d e n , fenced o v re s for horses. M a n y extras. By owner. 223-9492 week days or t-438-2936 after 5 and weekends 
Sparkling water on Guadalupe 
5+ ocres, cvpress-pecan trees 
492-9436 H Castle Realty 732-66o2 

Guy Chipman Co 

STARRY MOUNTAIN 
O w n e r m u st s a c r if ic e o v e r 4 acres, one of the most breath tak- 

OVERLOOKING 
MEDINA LAKE 
Country living with oil the extras j on 18 ocres. 3-2-2. 
555-3ooo Anytime 
Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S-P e rrin Bedel Oft 
P O R T A R A N S A S All electric, built-in kitchen, wall to w all ca r­ peting, 2 large bedroom s and a 
2ox24 loft. M ost furnishings- chmn link fence Call 512-275-6516 after 
7pm M on-Thurs, anytim e Fri-Sun 
R O C K P O R T B A Y F R O N T New 2 
Bedroom , ready to go! $32,5oo 
__ __ ________ _______ ___ 
Cleanest Bay in Texas, Plenty of 
' m g views in the Hill Country. Sea, 
J*sh^_ David w ells (5!2)729-2oo4; and you will buy. M ust sell quick- i 729-o781. 

B A R N E B E Y A G E N C Y i 14 ucres hunting country big deer and turkey, excellent hunting, on fence line of la rg e ranch. $49o down payment. $75.84 per month. 
Owner financed, call for informa- 
I lion. 734 7964_____________________ 
IOO acres hunting country $129.5o per acre, 5% down paym ent, 7J4% 
! sim p le in te re st w ith 2o y e a r terms. 
Cali for information 
I 734 7964__________________________ 
! 6 acres irrigated farm. Good soil, n e a r h ig h w a y in T e x a s H ill 
I Country. We will drill welt. $45o down payment, $7o.2o per month. 
Call 734-9598______________________ 
423 Acres M edina Co. ranch bv owner. 35 m iles W of S A. Good fences, water, house. $55o acre for immediate sate. Fenced into 4 separate 1o5 acre tracts. Good 
I terms. 534-o917, 534-5443 

H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, lodge, tennis 1 co u rt. On 25 a c r e s o r m o re . 
$1oo,ooo. 1-866-347)_________________ ; 
Hill Country Ranch 
Near Junction-97o Acres 
2 welts with concrete stock tanks. Good horns, corrals, fences. Lots of game. Mile of paved road frontage Like new brick 3 br, 2 bath, fire­ place. 
5325 
P E R 
A C R E . 
T E R M S. 
Philip D. W ard & Assoc 
Houston (713) 525-3o71 

Hill co u n try-K e rrville area. 25o acres Partly gam e proof fenced. 
W ould m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o tic j game ranch. Will stock and m an­ age tor you. Excellent white tod deer hunting $175,ooo. Wirt fin- I once. I 866 3471 

What type Ranch do you wont? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 226-5184 
RI. I Box 221, San Antonio, 78218 

WORKING RANCH 

Near San Francisco Steak House 
O ftice -W a re h o u se sp a ce . Cart 
Sandy 
69o-98o2, weekends 
342 2934. i 
N O R T H S ID E : suitable for piano, organ, TV, or radio shoo for rent. 
224-7111, 732-59o9. 
J 
NS, close to a irp o rt Office war- ehouse. 1357 sa. ft. A L S O Office, j 

254 REAL ESTATE WANTED 

 individual b uys houses that need repairs, equities or repos Pa Co, 
6459 Old Hw y 9o west. *73-2573, 
(3 9o98. 

256 REAL ESTATE LOANS 

M A K E A '. T T o T S s 8 % F ir s t liens M ax 8 y rs Buy notes less than 8 % with discount 
A V. Rodriguez-Broker 222-o98o 

3o2 -MOBILE HOMES RENT 

4oo sa. It. util od. Janitorial ser­ vice 
Jim 
Via, 
R E A L T O R S 
349-427* 

Wirt sell ail or part 858 a c re s sand y loam and blackland. 16o acres irrigated Approx. 6oo acres in Coastal Berm uda. Approx 2oo acres peanut allotment. 5 houses 
65oo soft m odern dairy barn 16 inch irrigation well. 66oo ft. river frontage T an ks with fish. M any other im p ro v e m e n ts in c lu d in g 
4.ooo sort ranch house 35 miles , from SA, mile from town. Term s, tC K S B U R G RD. $225. 344-o246, owner Corry 349-65o3, 494-2o4o 

ON TH E R IV E R shop, suitable for plant or gift shop 
224-7111 or 
732 59o9. 
R E T I A I L 
S T O R E S - 
18oo 
F R E D E R I C K S B U R G 
R O 
(co rn e r), $3oo 1814 F R E D E R 

347-oo84 

33 Hill Country Acres-Henly Tx. 
$2,5oo an ocre. Call 654-6522 . 

______________________________ ly, Call M r Wood, 497 3751. eves 
H I L L 
C O U N T R Y 
8” -935i-________________________ __ 
P A R A D I S E 
S U B U R B A N H O M E S IT E 
■ Lookinfg for an exclusive area to 
3 a c ie s on p a ve d road, IO build a hom e o r in v e s t? W ant w**®5 from Boerne? nice trees? g a m t oak trees, p a v e d ro a d s, 
,eye* 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

APPROX. IOO ACHES 
Talley Rd NW, beautiful scenic country. J E R R Y BAC O N , R E A L ­ 
TO R 
684-2195, 
622-3735 and 
622-3323.__________________________ 
Beautiful building sites with river use Som e designed for m obile homes. 5 ocres and un. Bandera 
C o u n ty . J a c k J a c k s o n R e a l 
Estate, 695-9195___________________ 
IO beautiful hill country acres, 
$85o down paym ent, $132.59 per month Owner will finance. Please coll 734-9363______________________ 
3 B E D R O O M R O C K H O M E 
5 
I acres. Fireplace. Located near 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 224-7171.________________ 

BULVERDE Estates 
A pprox. 3 5 acres on B u lve rd e 
Rd.%ini. from school. 494-5183 
Bv owner 24-83 Acres. So. Bexar, 
Reas., elec well 922-7627__________ 
B Y O W N E R 75 A C R E S 14 miles southeast L oop 41o on highw ay 16. 
Onty 3 y e a rs old. Ail b ric k 3-2 hom e. L A R G E R O O M S . S w im ­ m ing pool. 2 sto ry m etal b arn 
Irrig a tio n well and equipm ent. 
F is h in g pond 
L a r g e oak and hickory trees With 2o a cre s of coastal. Deer, quail, and dove. 
Call: 
924-6571 or 
1-742-3o98 for appointm ent_____________________ 

B Y O W N E R , 3 b e d room hom e with 5 acres Poteet 742-8978 aft. 7. 

 water system, elec, and m ore to breath? Just minutes from North 
Star Mart, th is is som e of the prettiest property you’ll ever see. 
Call Charlie Bailey 497-3752 or 
824-2o13 

JT S L U D E R , 344-4529 
BO B J O N E S . R E A L T O R 

H O U SE F O R S A L E 

IN BLANGO 
3 bedroom , dining, art electric kitchen, glass in patio, with wood stove, central heat, w indow air conditioner, woti-to-wall carpet, fenced yard, peach, plum and pecan trees, ideal for retiree’s 
1-833-4964. 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

C A L D W E L L C O U N T Y 
75o A C R E S 
Twenty-five m iles to Austin, six ­ ty-five miles lo San Antonio, seven m iles to Lockhart 66o a cre s in 
I cultivation, excellent fences ond i cross fencing. Six ponds, roiling 
I ferrain. Excellent caffle ranch. 
$555 o e r a c re 
P h o n e H o m e r 
Webster 
512-392-967o or 
I $12-392-2544 

 lf you prefer the finest 
One acre And up, well restricted, hom esite, N.W . SA, 16o4 a re a 
B u ild in g site s fro m $75oo per acre, H om e s from $7o,ooo LA - 
K E C R O F T 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
342-1661 _________________________ 
’’invesfors-Devetopers" 
Approx 25 acres. Shavano Park area. M ight take trade on part. 
W rite : H a r r y C ow d e n , 526 E . 
Lane, Kerrville, Tx. 78o28 or call 
512-257-7o75 before 8 am or atter 
6pm 
L A R G E B U IL D IN G S IT E 
I mile north from Loop N.W. de­ s ire d lo c a tio n deep so il o n d wooded area. Water, electricity, and phone Paym ents of $42.79 af 
7 % sim ple interest after sm all down pmt. Le * Fetter, 679-7229. 
L A R G E T R A IL E R LO T $467o 
' 2 acre, have other 
736-1766 
828-o665 
696-2o1o 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
M A R IO N - 6o year old house 3-1-1. 
Fruit trees, alm ost I acre. 18 mi. from 
Loop. 
$25,ooo. 
1-42o-2174, 
824-6381. 

S U T H E R L A N D S P R I N G S . 3 la rg e b e d room s, I bath, la rg e kitchen, living room and closets. 
Extra large garage; with 2 ocres land. Citv wafer, on pavem ent. 
$23,5oo. 512-947-3643 

Swinging Single Retreat 
All electric hom e with oversized fireplace. One large bedroom On o ve r an acre of land w ith g o r­ geous view. Under $5o,ooo. 

828*6391 Anytime 
Dearie Owens Co 
Reoltors-NE Loop otc 
Toke up paym ents on % acre NW for hom e b uilding. W ater, citv utilities. Mr. Felter, 679-7229 

‘V A N T c o a s t a l p r o p e r t y 
A ra n sa s P a s s or Port A ra n sa s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 Gardm o 
_______ 732-1362 

WATERFRONT BY OWNER 
85 It. on good creek acce ss to private lake. 14 miles to Kerrville 
$1oo dow n 
• 
$35 m onth. 
M X O B IL E O K 
257-5369 after 6 and weekends___________ ________ 

•Water Front Lots# 
Oak Ridge Estates on Lake LB J. 
Lots starting af $5,ooo, about 7 
.m iles from M a rb le Fits oft 281. 
Owner will finance, cam ping on 
I lots perm issable 
For into, coll 
; 512-598-288o.___________________________ 
W A T E R F R O N T L A K E H O U S E 
, Point Venture on Lake Travis. 2 
! story, 5 bedroom, 3 bath, air and 
) central heating, all electric kit­ chen, sou n a, h o u se b o a t dock, m a rin a h yd ro h o ist dock, furm - 
! lure optional. $119,ooo F IR M . Call i 512-474-1723 By owner 

147 ACRES 
MEDINA RIVER 

$9oo per nr re Ow ner financ­ ing very attractive with low down paym ent. O n ly 5 mi. south of Loop 41o. 
342 69oo 
344-8733 
PATRICK B. DAVIS 
R E A L T O R S 

HILL COUNTRY 
72 A C R E S with ru n n in g water. 
Good hunting. $18oo per acre. 
Small tracts $49$ up. 
BOYCE REAL ESTATE 
966-3344 
966-3349 
U T O P IA , E X A S 

21o A C R ES. 5 mi east of Whitsett, 
'n minerals, $435 per acre. Good cattle ranch and good hunting On gra ve l road O w ner financing. 
C o n ta c t; 
W m 
J 
V a n K le e f, 
G eorge West. Phon e 1-449-1551 and 1 449-1625 

135 ACRES 
21 miles west of U valde on Hwy 
9o. 2 trailer hom es-nas water and electricity-excellent deer, turkey and Quail hunting. Beautiful place 

23o -LOIS 

Coll us about our close-in rural properties. 2-8oo Acres 
Seitz A Assoc, Realtors 824-2385 

 ll acres, 3-1-1, E Central area 
648-333oLG R IP P S R L T Y .648-o448 
5 + ACRES 
H ill C o u n try , S.W of B la n co , 
$4,24o, 1212 down, $33,71 month. 2o years. 
H B G 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
822-1236 
_______________ 
5 acres Hill country. Good rich sort, beautiful view *, big trees, 
$425 down paym ent. $66.3o per mo. Owner financed. Call to see 
734-7964 
_______________ _ 

C A M P S T A N L E Y P R O P E R T Y . 
16 acres covered with oak trees, a lovely cedar and rock home, 3 bedroom. 2 bath, m aster bath has skylights and Jacuzzi G reek bath, 
Saltillo tile in living room with 
Fren ch door, dining and fam ily room $87,ooo terms. Call W E S T 
R E A L T Y . 225-4366 or 828-2926. 

5 MIN FROM DTSA 
Beautiful Oak covered I to 2 ocre tracts with city water N S. School 
District H orses welcome. Owner financina 
P IG O T T P R O P E R T IE S 
Sol-Sun 695-9183 
A N Y T IM E 494-7871 

2 to 4 a c r e s n o rth . M o b ile s , ... h o rs e s , ok. *5 o d ow n, $35.85 i 
oVZo monthly. IO years. M agee 342-2516 
W A N T E D 
Land to lease tor the 1977 season, bird hunting rights only Prefer SO mile radius of Batesville. Write; 
J im m ie M a n n in g , B o x 832$, 
Shreveport, L o u isia n a 71118, or call collect (318) 686-452o during office hours, giving details._______ 

WINDSWEPT VIEW! 
A 4 b e d ro o m , 3 b a th h o m e perched on a 5 acre hilltop Off 
Hw y 46 near Boerne. Too m any extras to list! *9o,ooo. Call now! 
341-4491 
Niles 684-4154, 696-7892 
G E O R G E FLO O D , R E A L T O R S 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

A B e a u tifu l 
CANYON LAKE 
• H IL L S ID E LO T ■ B E A U T IF U L 
View - $14oo E a sy Term s e Large Lot - Trees-Near Lake 
And boat ram p ■ E a sy T erm s 
Cap!. E. Jones 

9 2 3 -6 2 1 1 

W ill T ra d e m y b e a u tifu l la k e , -------- — 
- 
- 
-- -- - prop, for your travel trailer, mo- for family recreation and hunting tor home, or boat, having a value 
Priced below market to 
$6,ooo. 
434-o681, 

Mobile home in Indian Hills 2o mi. 
N. of 16o4, 2ox24 storage $11,5oo 
Jim Ashley Really 226-7774 

5 acres hom esite, Boerne area, spectacular views, big oak,trees, rolling hills $425 down payment. 
$66.3o per mo. O w ner financing available please call 734-7964 
3 6 acres. 2 houses- N orth San 
Pedro area. $62,5oo 494-15o8. 

CHINA GROVE 
13 ac, 3*2, den, fireplace 
828-o665 
736 1766 
534-4439 
W A T SO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
C IT Y C L O S E -C O U N T R Y Q U IE T 
4 bedroom , 2 bath on large lot, double garage plus storage build­ ing. Located lust o u tsid e New 
Bruanfel 
$42,9oo 
651-6844 or 
1-625-8o61 
C e n t u r y 21 
N O R R IS R E A L T Y 

NATURE LOVERS I Acre well built, spacious 3-rn, big car­ port, large living room and den, fenced, fruit trees, city water. 
$31,5oo. 

Van B o n o s Assoc 
I 684-7171 
734-o786 
699-oo66 
N E A R B O E R N E , ocreage tracts 
Owner financed 
684 4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

2 ACRES-LAVERNIA 
AH util, 4 tracts, ' 2 ac eo 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 

W ATSt° x W s S2°»t! ! . ? ^ I o R S 

THS ACTION NUMBER tOR I AST RESULTS 
PLACE TOUR WANT AD 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CALI 225-1666 

N E A R H U N T, T E X A S 
1138 acres on N orth F o rk 
Spar- jkling water, huge cyp ress trees, secluded but eosv access 
26 ocres, nice farm house, pole 
.barn, several out buildings, and deer proof gurden spot 
5 acre hilltop building site, with water wail. 
’ 2 acre Guadalupe water lot with huge C ypress trees. 
25 acres overlooking Hunt. Large timber E ve r green mountians. 
; 
896-244o, 257-7823. 896-1o18 

5 acres hill country. G ood rich soil, beautiful view s, b ig trees, 
$425 down paym ent. $66.3o per mo. Owner financed. Call to see 
734-7964 
5 acres w aterfront on beautiful sp rin g fed creek. P ecan trees, walnut trees, oak, beautiful hilt c o u n try v ie w s. 
$675 d o w n paym ent *1o5.29 per mo. Owner financing available. 734-9598 
A New House on two lots, in Can- yon Lake Hills, 2 bdrm., I both, w all to wart carpet, cent. H-A., large closets, refrig., stove, lots of cabinets, A sking $21,5oo, 828-5846 

% A C R E B A B C O C K R D 
Near Medical Center, R I zoning 
(re z o n in g p o s sib le ) O w n e r carry 344-4529, 344 2341 
BO B JO N E S. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
I A C R E S H O M E S IT E 
E. Centrol with com m unity wafer, easy terms. Call 
532-3252 
N IT E S 337-4823 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
2.35 A C R E S L O C K H IL L R D 
Zoned single family dwelling owner carry with sm all down 
736-1766 
838-o665 
333 1163 
W A TSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
A T T E N T IO N 
D E V E L O P E R S 3 Acre trad, with oaks in beautiful mature suburb. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q uietly seclu ded in W ood law n 
Hills. Build now or hold for in­ vestment. Term s available. $3,8oo to $6ooo. Paved streets. All utili­ ties. Near Schools and shopping. 
N ear B an d e ra R d and B e n ru s 
Dr. For details call Louis Flores, 
732-2241. 

Corner lot lOox2QQ at Green Glen. 
(U n ive rsity Hilts) 
N e a r U T SA . 
Cash terms $7ooo 
227-6271 or 
674-15o3 

B E S T B U Y ON C A N Y O N L A K E 
Brand new 4 bedroom s. 2 baths, with bay window, near boat ram p and poo l Only $4 4, JOO 
V A A T C A N Y O N L A K E . 4 b e ­ drooms. 7 baths own well, lots of extras. Energy oriented $48,5oo 
FO R T H E H A N D Y M A N . Large 2 bed room s with den, stone fire ­ place, on 4 lots. Plenty of garden- room. Only $32,ooo. 
C A N Y O N L A K E R E A L E S T A T E 
CO 
399-77o1 
Donna Ranken or Dow Sherry 
899 2551, 399-2195 

4611-15 Lark St $25oo each. Also 
26oo Irwin. $195o, 735-8858 
M A R B A C H R O A D 229 A c e s . 
Outside 41o. a h utilities except sewer, no restrictions. $11,ooo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A A SSO C 
4o27 M ID V A L E , 2 , blocks O A K 
H IL L S C O U N T R Y C LU B . $17,9oo 
732-7987STEVE M A R TIN735 o825 
4127 M T 
L A U R E L D R in M I 
Lau rel Sub off IM IO W est and 
W uriboch. 72x12o ft., paved alley. 
$11,5oo. Terms. *96-44o5, M o n -Fri or 341-S646 daily 8am -toom 

C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494-16o1 494-3o12_________ : 

78 acres Near Boerne 
• M ost beautiful in hill co u n try! { 
M any oaks. 
344-6268 
341-6566 
684-5768 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC. 
| IO acres neor Seguin, $7995, small down, long term fin a n c in g bv 
1 owner 534 8876___________________ 
, 315 A C R E S, 2-story house, separ­ ate guest house. Dim m it Co 8 mi. south of Carrizo Springs, F M 186. 
1-876-5o95, I 876-2466______________ 
25 A C R E S. Tertinauo Ranch. Big 
B e n d C o u n try , h u n tin g and 
I recreation facilities. $4,ooo or make otter. Call 826-oo91, 
IO A C R E S T E X A S V E T 
LaCoste area, irrigation district wed, good land 
1227 4)227 Watson & Son 
628 1262 
12 A C R E S T E X A S V E T 
Big trees-gam e 
1o mi. south of Loop 41o 
2274)227 Watson A Son 
628 1262 
IO A C RES-W est of 16o4. Excellent soil. IS yr ow ner finance. Call 
349-2611, eve. 341-1855__________ 
TSO A t k k s with C re e k on P M road Excellent views, trees and ample deer $95o per acre. 25% 
Down with terms. 
• • > • • 
7o5 A C R E R A N C H , m inutes from 
Boerne, Texas. Creek, 5 earthen funks, 4 wells, I large rock home with additional forem an s house, excellent im provem ents. Term s available. 
• • • • • 
A.C. Schwethelm & Assoc 
SOI Front Street 
Comfort, Texas 78o13 
Telephone: (512) ?9S-33I3, (512) 
995-2)63____________ 
A lm o st 2oo acres, Well, shed, pens, field with good guning of birds and game T e rm s P E T E 
H A R D T , 
B R O K E R , 
1-663-2*22 
Devine___________________________ 
2o5 and ISO A cre F a rm s Large lakes. East outskirts San Antonio. 
S 16oo oer acre. T e rm s. M ig h t 
Divide. Atty . 227-31o6 t o # t A $ f vt suit's 
Pl A C I T O U R W A N I AO 
IN T H I f X P O tS S N I W S 
C A L I 225 < 6 6 6 

INVESTOR’S DREAM 
3oo acres fronts highway and live water near Pipe Creek. Owner 
I financed. 
I 
E D W A R D ’S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
695-848o________________ 1-535-4596 
Just !n Time For 
SP R IN G PLA NTIN G 
! I l l A C R E S , all terraced, fenced and cro ss fenced. Wert and old house Sell with or without cattie. 
: 555o per acre. 
SA N T EX 
CO.,R E A L T O R S 

_________ 653-o46o_________ 

KERRVILLE AREA 
$.75 acres 8 miles sooth of K e rr­ ville, Good Trees, building sites, electricity available, all weather road, mobiles allowed. Not rough. 
B v o w n e r. $1oo dow n, $73.98 monthly D ays call 1-512-896-2525 
Nights call 
1-512-257-641 1 or 
1-512-257-3oo1. 
K E R R V t L L E - R O C K S P R IN G S 
A R E A 8,5oo acres, alt or port; m in e ra ls. im p ro v e m e n t s, 
5-bedroom house, $25o oo acre; terms. 
A N D R E R S O N F I TZG E R A L D -G IA 
INC 4545 Post Oak Place Drive, 
Houston, Tx 77o27 626-34oo. 

Martha Worley Realtors 

234-FARMS FOR RENT 

9oo A C R E S Pastu re lan d Excel* lent facility for cattle operation 
Good fencing, w orking pens with cover, cross-tencm g ond water, blacktop access. Located 12 im north L o o p 41o on B ia n c o Ref. 
$43oo per ye o r in ad va n ce F L 
Sh o w n bv appt. o n ly. O ffic e 
826-6626, home 342-77o9 
81 ,Ac. 4 room house, k a rd v bd 
$1oo. mo. 628-1239, 628-12o1. 

236 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

1,1 V a c r e c a l l a g h a n ' r d 
G O O D P O T E N T IA L , I A C R E 
227-o227 Watson A Son 732-2635 
2.43 acres com m ercial property on SW W W. White Rd. 32 washer. 
12 dryer w ashateria pius beauty salon and 2 hom es on property 
Only $1oo,ooo. Term s. 732-8111 
FAMILY REALTY 

R IV E R S Q U A R E 
A R T S A C R A F T S M A R K E T is lo o k in g fo r m o re e x c it in g shops Such as, Stain glass, An tia u e s- co n d y sto re , p o tte ry studio, wine ond cheese and other types of unusual shops, ft you are interested in leasing space, call 
I 227 9596 

Sell or trade. $3,ooo e a u ity in p ro p e rly- 142 fron t on M a rtin 
Luther K in g D r N e a r e x p re ss­ way, easy off and on. Call George, 
532 So31 atter 5 or w eekends 
16,ooo sq.ft. building, I * ac. on 
S.W Military Or 923-3573________ 
25oo sq.ft B uilding, N ortheast, 
SI 85 mo 655-oo8/_________________ 
12oo sq vt. in a strip center on 
Austin Hwy Alam o Hts. 328-o916 
8,ooo Sq. Ft. 
2nd floor. Secure, sprtnklered. 
223-5291_______ ___________________ 
W A R E H O U S E a n d 
O F F IC E 
S P A C E avail. Up to 4ooo sq. ft. 
F or details call 684-4424 

9 ACRES 
Flowing Artesian welt. SW, ideal traile r p o rk. J E R R Y B A C O N , 
R E A L T O R . 
1-742-3283, 
S.A 
622-3323. 
A P P R O X 2 A C R E S 
3 mi out of 
City limits on IH37 So. $4oo down, no r e s t r ic t io n s , e a s y te rm s. 
924-6666, 623-1932 

A REAL VALUE! 
M O T E L . 1954 E . H o u sto n st. 
Owner wilting to finance 
684 421) or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
AU TO R E P A IR SH O P 
Corner on motor artery 6 boys, office, parts dept. Fenced yard 
Term s avail. 
B E A C O N R E A L T Y 733 7558 

1Q3o BURNETT S I 
Residence and business good will. 
2 large bedroom s and den. Large living room, kitchen and dining w ith p an e le d w ats, a ir c o n d i­ tioned, large corner lot Everyth- 
I ing m excellent condition. P lu s meat ond g ro c e ry store E q u ip ment and stock sell separately) 
Price, property only, $27,56o. Call 

Warehouse. 4c Sq. Ft. 
2o,ooo Sa. ft. railroad, fireproof construction, S paneled air condi­ tioned offices, centrally located. 
Call area code 512-995-359o 

E C O N O M Y tor Couple Onty. Near 
L a c k la n d , K e lly 
C le a n . 2 be drooms, furnished, air, carpeted 
Large fenced yard 623-2646 
N E A R 
L A C K L A N D - 6 o ’X I 2 \ 
2-b e d ro o m s St/o m onth. Bitts paid. $5o deposit, No pets 25o2 
Observation D r lot 9 674 75)8 
Near Lackland and schools, 2 be- d ro o m . f u r n is h e d , la r g e lot, fenced, trees, patio. $145 monthly 
4- Security deposit 699-1o15 
R E N T Double wide mobile home, 
3-2, com pletely turn. $15o mo 
Located in Rio M edina to mi, N of 
Castroville. 341 6865. e v e s________ 
S E Near B ro o k ', turn 2 bedroom, central air, forge lot. 826-3766 

4o1 APARTMENTS FUBN 

ADULTS UNLY 
226354? 
; Eftic-$6$, 
I 
Bdrm $75 
318 
M adison 

Adults Southside 
S127. MO. FURN. 
B ra n d new elegant efticiences, pool, sh a g carpet, b ig closets, fan tastic k itc h e n R o b in s N e st 
Apt 538 Hot Wells Blvd 533-o511 
A L A M O H O T S Lo ve ly, p riva te duplex, totally turn. 252 W ildrose 
A L L bills od *85, 2 or I roam s, 
* near Ft. Sam , bus, downtown. 
226 5o22__________________________ 

 r » S 1 4 5 All Bills P d # 
3o2 W Huisache, corner of Belk- nap. t blk off San P e d ro, nice private g a ra g e tvoe apt. B R E N ­ 
N E R CO. 344-3471. 

International Designer Hit tern 

L A N D IS F O R E V E R , especially 
Guadalupe River land 186 acres with pecan bottom, pasture land, upland, lowland, hig h w ay Iron- j 227-7265, 533-o6o5, 229 1o48 lo g e and 3ooo' of r iv e r front, barns. pens, sheds, cross fenced, live oak trees, livable house. Why not cart us if you can afford the best1 W right Really 512 379-9271 or 379-3717, Seguin, Texas. 

L IV E O A K CO. 579AC. approx. 75 miles from S A. Good black fond fenced and c ro ss fenced, wert, i pens, ige creek, big oak trees 
Lots of game, some min. A good buy $425 AC. A ssu m e Ige. loan 
L B .N O R R O D R L T Y , C o r p u s 
Christi Tx 1-853-824)_____________ _ 
M E D IN A C O U N T Y , 129 Acres, 65 farm, balance pasture, deer, sub stantiat down payment, owner will finance C ontact EIO ^e Peter, 
349 SIS! 694-o453. 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO 
( F A R M A R A N C H Reattors) 
•'Dependable Since 1935" 
4o7 N Zorzom ora, 432-7881 
N E A R P IP E C R E E K TX 
8 A c re s on p e rm a n e n t cre e k, w oods, v ie w s 
Bra p e rm a n e n t spring. 
Private 
Jim 
Taylor 
824-4898_____________ ___________ _ 
N e w B r a u n f e ls 1 H ill C o u n t ry 
Property. Settee! A Assoc Realty 
647 
S. 
Seguin, 
N. 
Braunfels 
625-8o78. 

NIXON 
8 7 ’ j A c r e s C o u n ty R o a d two sides, creek, lank well. Big Oak 
Trees Sell all or part. Fo r Sale and financed by owner. 695*89o5; I 
695-32o5. 
I i t s A c re s, o a k s, 2 

J.S. Arbota Realty Ca. 
Com m ercial lot. West Ave. I blk north of Loop 4)o . 34 1 8561. 

Commercial Building 
1418 E A S T C O M M E R C E 
2 small retail stores and home on rear lot $6ooo down, good terms. 
Jock Alter 342-4)51 ______________ 
C o m m e r c ta l-in 'd u s tr ia i u re a nearby 1.34 acres 188’ frontage, m ain thoroughfare at R R 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 252) 
FO R S A L E OR T R A D E 
B y O w n e r, new 1o,6oo sq ft otfiee-w arehouse. L a re d o H w y and Southcross, Call M r Taylor 
655-o833__________________________ 
G O O D exposure to heavy traffic. 
H ouse on c o rn e r m ain a rte ry. 
Good for business conversion 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-252) 
G O O D 
O P P O R T U N IT Y . 
Hardw are and lumber rn Medina 
Lake area. Owner will finance. 
*84-4211 ar 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
Need Lots ORIO Space? 

5,ooo sq.ft. F IR E P R O O F , M O V A ­ 
B L E P A R T IT IO N S, P L E N T Y OF 
P A R K IN G , A IR A N D H E A T 
T A K E R O O M YO U N E E D A N D 
R E N T T H E R E S T 
C O N V E R 
: lE N T L Y L O C A T E D O N SA N PE 
O R O O W N E R W IL L F IN A N C E 
E A S Y T E R M S 
F R A N K L E N 
N A R O A N D CO., 734 o/56 

7oo13 
Spodeo Boutique 

28! N oi th w ells, fenced , cottage , patio, spring ted lake deer, no cedar. 
Owner 684-1757___________________ 
O L D IN D IA N R A N C H 
85 Acres near Pipe Creek Tx. Big perm anent sp rin g w aler creek 
U nspoiled hun tin g and fish in g 
Cypress trees, huge boulders A very umque place. Jim Taylor 
824-4898. 
. 

Olmos Club Property 
F o r Sole drastically reduced 4 
Aes + Off 54oo blk San Pedro, exits between Basse Rd Contour, o ve rlo o kin g O lm os P a rk N e ar 
Golf Course; new F rw v with od tam ing % aes. p rim e fro n ta ge facing Basse Rd 822-9316 
C A II 225-1666 

Three rows of top-HUt« hing trim** the wide Klund-up cot lier and turn lunk cuft*. o f tiie* ea^y to make design fr<*tnSpader! Boutique. Fabrich: knilr*, lightweight w ool, jersey, gabardine, 7oo13 in eut only in Mihhc** St/.e** 
S -16.Size 12 require* approximately 3 >da. of 54" fab­ ric, To order: send pattern number, rn*4, name, addn-na and zip. Price *2.5o plus 2 :’>c postage. 
Spudeu Mini C atalog with bt page* of recent sty le s, including over 3o all new d esign s, #2,oo p o s t p a id , 
Mpke check payable lo Spades, Send orders to this newspaper, eA» Spades, 2 Bridge St,, Milford, \.,J , 
(WH4H. Dept. 

ALLOW FIVE TO SIX 
W EEKS FOR DELIVERY. 

• I b e d ro o m 
• $ 1 7 o 
• Alt bills p aid 
• N e a r USAA, UTSA, 
M e d , C e n t e r 
• S a o n a s - P o o l 
69o-ooo1 
1 o 7 o 7 IH IO W E ST 

• Take W u rzb ach Exit stay on access 1 z mi. 

Deaths o EXPRESS-NEWS-— Saturday April 9 1977 
Continued m 
T 
O 
M 
W 
S O K U M 
RENTALS 
CHOICE RENT ALS 

5 8 6 / BRANCH VALU * 
4 ? PP 
St9S mo Centrol tm heat, stove and refrigerator, dishwasher, ten ted yard, den 

S U WAGNER 
3 I PP, S12o mo fenced yotd 

673 5o83 
342-4115 
653-o57o 
654-1844 

LOVELY 

LARGE 

B E D R O O M 

 ll mRTMftTS PORN 
B A R K M E Y E R v-v 
M R 
J O H N 
W 
B A R K M E Y E R . 
^ t t r S l p - O . 
Box 
23121, 
J —. b o r n in 
B e x a r 
County, Texas Sept. 27, 1896, en­ tered rest Friday, April 8, 1977 at me aqe of 8o years. 
S E R V IC E S 
S A T U R D A Y 2:oo P M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S 
1 with Rev Harold Sager officiating arid interment to follow in M ission 
Burial Park, So. M r. B arkm eyer 
Iw a s a c h a rte r m e m b e r of St. john s Lutheran Church, and has been a lifelong resident of San 
A n to n io . He is s u r v iv e d by several nieces and nephews and a host of friends in Son Antonio. 
Services under the direction of a m e m b e r of T h e L e lo n C o d e 
Fam ily of 

I a c a n e i e s i i i t h e s e s f m a n u s 

 g a r d e n a p a r t m e n t s n o n I 

 la s t l o n g h a ' t i u s e d e m a n d is 

 h i g h fa r: 
I BABCOCK VILLA APTS. 
3o19 Fredericksburg Road 
* 

EFFICIENCIES 
I 
2 
3 
BEDROOM 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate prices ranging from $155. to $365. 
( 

Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis Courts. 
FURN. OR UNFURN. RATES. 

*1 8 o m o n th 
I minute to fH-1o. 
Private adult and family 

 section. 
69o-17oo 

49o9 Woodstone Drive 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

WAI at 
WINDSOR 
MAH 
■ htNMAUtW 
High Ridged 
V liiA G I 
TURTLE CREEK 
EFFICIENCIES 
- C A B A N A S 
2-BEDROOM S 
STARTING at $16o. 
8631 FAIRHAVEN 
*LA PLAZA* 
• 341-4621 
• 

o 
• I 2 3 Bedroom s 
4 ) 

£ 
• Single and Family 
A 
_ 
Sections 

™ 
* Fireplaces 
W 

1 £ 
* Tennis m 115 HW LOOP 41o # 
• 
Across From 
# 
• 
North Star Moll 
# 

Hillside Apartments 
5211 Fredericksburg 
341-8221 

T o w n h o u se , lu x u r io u s , la rg e , dishw ash er, pool. 1-2 bedroom s, utilities paid 
5231 
Blanco 
341-4113-__________________________ 
CARAVELLE 
APARTMENTS 
4HW 
GOLDFI 
Furnished or I nliirnit'hed 
1-2-3 BEDROOM jingle and Family sections, All bills pd. Light­ ed Swimming pools, party room, 5 Min. 
W indsor 
Park 
Mall. 
15 
Min. heart of downtown San Antonio. 
661-666o 
< MT I I I 35. < )n H i t ! ittian 

TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N D S A U N A S 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 1-2 B A T H S 
$185. to $27$ B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S. 
434-4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between Hillcrest ond Collaghon llo s m u ik S m e . 
I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

*2o5. t. *225. 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AN A P A R T M E N T 
Unforgetable as its nam e 
1 -B E D R O O M , $16o. 
2 -B E D R O O M , $215 
Have iust added 2 new tennis courts. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 
V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S 
1-2 Bedroom s, and Efficienees 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
8o11 N. New Braunfels 828-4242 

 liAlTOtS - SO TIM S or TRUST 
U nu sual 2 bedroom Convenient 
Ft. Sam. M arrie d couples only 
822-5454__________________________ 

 or over pay 
W IL S H IR E A P T S. 
Block of Ft Sam North Gate 
826-91S9, 826 1594 
Try this I bdrm house, everything you need for only $1oo 
United, 73S 9121, fee (4o3-3) 
Ten floor pions to choose from 

 for exquisite adult living. All 

 bills paid. Recreation room, 

 large balconies, outdoor Bar B- 

Que grills, icemokers, fire­ 

 places and beamed ceilings. 

N e a r North Star Mall 

14 Windows, air, carpet, garage, yard. I Bedroom , necr Ft. Sam , bus, park. $125 W ater pd 826-6275 evenings or weekends.___________ 

Young female to share 3 bedroom home, $15o. mo. 648-1655 

T ry this 4 b d rm with den, air, appls, fenced for pets toot $2oo 
United, 735-9121, tee (366-1) 
A p p ly in p e rso n 419 S. M a in 
Room 336 from )oom-6pm_______ 
Mux Martin** 
FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

3-2-2, living room , fam ily room, electric kitchen, fenced, $275 
M O R R IS R E A L T Y , 654-o616 
I & 2 B e d ro o m 
A p ts. 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Effic to 3 bdrm. Townhouses with fireplaces. 12 floor plans. Adult & family Areas. 

6623 Callaghan Rd. 
^ 
6 96 -32 9o 

W A N T responsible couple to en toy renting beautiful unfurn 3 be­ droom home. Northwood Edition 
6 Mo only. Available M a y 1st. 
532-1o1o.________ 
_____________ 

See o u r H O U S E S P O U S E ad under 6o2 employm ent soles. 
S E L L F L O W E R O U T D O O R S 
14 Yrs. and older, top locations, 
3o% com m ission, plus bonuses. 
Call Roy, 656 5336. 
____________ 

F R O M 

Family & Adult Sections 

2 Pools 8. Playground 

Rentals starting at 

$ 1 8 5 

Including Utilities 

P A IN T E R S M IL L 
52oo BLANCO 

349-2222 

A p a r t m e n t p S e le c to r 

W e’D fin d y o u rs, free. 

O M N 7 DAYS A M HK 
O W CCS THROUGHOUT TIX AS 
3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 

3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

DIRECT C O R K S P O N D M C f TO 
4123 N. CBITB A l DCI*WY. 
DALLAS. TEX. 752o4 

Monthly 
Studio, I -2 bedroom s 

N O LEASE 

TENNIS COURT 

ADULT IIVING-— No PETS 

WARREN HOUSE 
3273 N.W. lo o p P IO 

“ tit in te rse c tio n o f D e w h u r s t 

 o n d a c c e s s r e o d 4 1 o ” 
342-4o29 

 b l a b c o c k sfc n o r t h 

APARTMENTS 

Country Living in the City 
I -bedroom Apts, now available 
Furnished or Unfurnished 
6 miles north of Loop 4 1 o on Babcock turn left at Springtime 
6542 Spring Branch 
6 9 o -14 6o 

R E A LT O R S-Je ffe rso n Ole 
92o W E ST R ID G E W O O D 
I bedroom duplex, unfurn. I blk. north of Hildebrand and Blanco. 
$85 mo. 341-8134._________________ 
ADULT LIVING 

FRONT DOOR BUS SERVICE 

2-BEDROOM, $2o5. 

POOL, UTILITIES PD. CLOSE TO 

SHOPPING CENTER AND POST 

OFFICE 

W oodlake 4-2-den, ce n tra l a ir opals, fenced for kids-pets. 
Uniled, 735-912). fee (46o-3) 

4 Room s and Bath. 122 K A U F F 
M A N ST. Call 534-6847.___________ 

3815 WEST AVE. 
344-772o 
GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(Just off Broadway and North 
Loop 41o) 
(Close to Crown Tower Bldg.) 

• Adults Only 
• Home like atmosphere 
• Large I bedroom apts. 
• 2 Bedroom apts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 
• Pool • Party room 
• Laundry • Bus line 
• All utilities paid 
! 
828-42oo 

 leasing boily 9-6,- Sunday 1-6 
1 Bedroom $1 5o 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 

All Utilities Paid, Large play grounds. Basketball Goal, Shuf­ fle board, lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools. 
Near 
Brooks AE B., Stole Hospital, 
Pecan Volley Golf Course. 
Truly the best rental value in town. 
2715 Lasses 333-5339 

EFFICIENCIES 

I -2-3 Bedroom Flats to 
Bedroom Townhouses 
6 5 3 -7 3 o o 

3815 Parkdale 
6 96 -34 99 
APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
N ear 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 

• Limited number of tsiri- ciencies and 
I -bedroom apts. 
Furnished or Unfur­ nished. Now available. 

Will core for your aged loved one in m y home, private room, rea- sonoble. 922-8918_________________ 
$3.75 P E R H O U R 
C A L L 341-22o5 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S RD . 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-3311 

CO M IN G 
SOON! 

1x3 
A P A R T M E N T 
H O U S E 
C A R R IE R S _______________________ 
K id s P e ts W e lc o m e ! I b d rm house, carpet, air, heat, fenced. 
S1oo 
United, 735-912), fee (368 1) 
L a r g e f a m ily ? 3 b d rm , a p p ls, air-heat, carpet, pets OK. $175. 
United, 735-9)21, fee (382-3) 

NW, I bdrm, centrol heat-air, bills part pd. $14o. 
United, 735-9121, fee (362-1) 
O w n e r's com pletely fu rn ish e d hom e in re stricte d N E area. 3 bedroom, 2 both. $35o. 822-7494 
A PTS. F U R N IS H E D g O U T H t x p s a - v n j A 
^ 
A MMYT M C N T S 
* 
L a rg e 2-2-1 for $15o. A ir, heat, fenced yard, playhouse. 
United, 73S-9121, tee (384-3) 

127 S A L IS B U R Y (N E ), oir, 3 be drooms, fence. $19o. 826-7913. 
58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
674-7oo4 

R IT T IM A N RD AT IH3S 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 
656-1oo1 

Sin g le I b d rm D u p le x for $85 
Water paid. Pets O K 
United, 735-9121, fee (375-2) living! 
674-3575 

L E A S E 
122 
Savannah. 
3-1 
$175 
824-4521 
342-4849 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y 
3-2-2, located hear L A C K L A N D 
Atheletic Center, central heat and oir, range, d iw sh w a sh e r, and fireplace. Im m ediate occupancy. 
$385,344-62o7, 684-433o 
Deanie O w ens Co. 
Look! A 3-1Vz-den, cent air, appls, carpet, storage, fence $18o 
United, 735-9)21, fee (4o5-1) 

• Mixed Dunk dub 
* 
Iodines f* 
• Gym urn) dee Exercise bg, 
(losses 

• Beauty Shop 
L • Souna Whirlpool 
I • Tennis (ourts 3 pools f • dost tree rTstnqerotor- 
- J 
• IO Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Southcross 
337-5242 

Sm all F a m ily ? I b d rm cottage with air-heat, fenced, elec. pd, 
$14o 
United, 735-9121, tee (367-3) 
Utilities pd. I bdrm , air, carpet, garage, fenced. $15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (363-1) 

238 A rm y att B ro a d w a y , I be droom. air, gas pd. $11o. 342-7886, eves._____________________________ 
LIVING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 
824-6661 
THE CHELSEA 
824-2226 
ROYAL GEORGE 
824-2226 a U FOR APPOINTMENT 

The 
Courtyard* 
■4o4—Funeral Directors 
Astoria 
1o363 S A H A R A 344-6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
342 E. S U N S H IN E 734-4422 

U TSA. Private I b d rm cottage, fenced for pets. $135. Call 
United, 735-912), fee (36o-?) 
2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apts. 

All Electric Kitchens. 

Outside Storage. N.S. Schools. 
4411 Gardendale 
EJ 
696-4892 

L U X U R Y D U P L E X 
In prestigious O akcreek, North w est. N e a r M e d ic a l C e n te r, 
U S A A , U T S A . 2 B e d ro o m s , J baths, 5325. 69o-8679 ofter 7PM . 
&out1tfibe 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FIORES 
922-6339 lobn M. Grimes, Director. 

A A A A AA A A A W ... still rentinn? 
Own your own home. Som e only 
$1oo down! No Credit? No p ro b ­ lem! 922-17o6, 673-4714, 674-75o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

A u s t in H w y - IH 35 N a re n . 
■>■= '.... : 
■—1 — 
$85-$9S. Furn or Unfurn. I and 2 
4 39 Fresno. M odern, carpeted, I bedroom cottages. Clean, quiet, bedroom , well fu rn ish e d . $135. p a rklik e area. B ills part pd. No w ater paid 734-35o1 children, no pets 826-4o51_________{Fulton, n ear Sa n P e d ro, air, 4 
2 Bedroom and I Bedroom Apts, rooms, $9o 226-7813, 732-758o 

 f y Se-!°-— 
C.°” 227 ^,47- - ti 
L IV E B E T T E R FOR LESS! 
I bedroom apt for rent on W est 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
Lynw ood off B lan co Furn ish e d , 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
SIPP. Call att 5pm, 735-311o._______ 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
1 Bedroom , $1oo m o plus elec. $5o 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S, deposit, 6 mo tease 426 E. R am 
.931 E. S O U T H C R O S S 
534-88o8 sey Rd. 341-1149.____________________ 
M E T R O H O U SE -D O W N T O W N 
! Bedroom , partially furnished in 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y - F U R N . 
H istorical area. Close to T rinity 
$12o. to $135. 213 4TH ST. 226-7333 
U After 6 P M , 734-2994___________ 
M O R R IS D O W N T O W N A P T S 
239 B ra h a n . I b ed room , a lso I 
A P R E S T IG E A D D R E S S bedroom unfurn Carport. W ater 
Efficiency-1 bdrm 2-bdrm-central paid 223-7644. 225-o345 a ir-h e a t. 128 E . M a in P la z a . 
Central NW . Redecorated, refur 
227 288o. Fro m S165-UP plus Pep m sh e d I b d rm apt. A d u lts, no 
M O T E L efficiency a p a rtm e n ts pets. $175 plus dep. G arage, water , a n d ro o m s. B y d a y, w e e k or 
Od. 822-7212_______________________: m o n th 
D I2 -9 1 12 , 
P E 4 -6 7 6 7 , 
Coral Sands 1515 W Contour (E. t E 2 '® 1*5o ', « ^ 7‘47o2, N e a r F *' of 57oo S o t P e d ro ) air, pool, 2 ; Sam TA2-1377.___________________ bdrm furn. $16o. 826-7913._________: 
. 
_ 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227-3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Aftfil 
Chapels 
LU L u L J 1119 N. St. Mary.'? 

M ay 1st. 3-2-2, den with fireplace, all appls, cent weather. $35o 
United, 735 9121, fee (365-1) 
M ed Center. 3-2, air, fireplace, built-ins, fenced. $21o. H u rry! 
United. 735-9121, fee (364-3) 

R e lia b le , lite h o u s e k e e p in g , b a b y -sittin g . 
O w n c a r. 
Off 
IHIO-Callaghan. 
54o w *. 
7-6. 
341-9359__________________________ 
NORTHEAST 

@ l« n»*Tennace 
P p a rt m oo ts 

M E D C E N T E R - 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, c e n tra l a ir, fenced . Im ­ mediate possession. 53oo. 
S O U T H W E S T - 2 bedroom s, cen­ tral air, all appliances. $17o. 
L A C K L A N D - 3 bedroom s, air, all appliances, fenced. $175. 
W E S T W O O D - 3 b e d ro o m s, ce n ­ tral air, carpeting, all appliances. 
$225. 
K E L L Y - 3 bedroom s, central air, fenced, quick occupancy. $215. 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 681-o66o 

W H Y R E N T when you can move in for only $2oo or $3oo totol move in? 3 and 4 bedrooms, paym ents start from $13o to $45o. June payment. 
674-6126________R & E Real Estate 
A BIG 4 bedroom, 2 bath, fenced, central heat-air. $275 mo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
A Choice of 3-4 bedroom hom es to rent. Le ase with option to buy 
Own your home NOW ! $19o to $5oo mo. 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69o-899o E ve s 696-88oS, 342-7712 

Sitter needed im mediately in Ter­ rell Hills, references required, 25 hour week. 828-1682.______________ 
THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 

FROM $1 85 

72oo S PRESA 

A 
532-7389 

Wanted: M aid to live-in, highly desirable living quarters. 736-3942 
WAKEF1ELD-STARDUST 
APARTMENTS 
W om an to care for m y girls ages 2 a nd 5 in m y h o m e M o n - F r i. 
7:3o-5:3o. Own transp. or livein El 
Dorado area. Will consider live-in. 
6S3-8929 ofter 6pm________________ 

COUNTRY LIVING 
CITY CONVENIENCE 

 low Rent 11 2 5 
Mo. (J) 
SINGLE LEVEL 
FURNISBEO-UNEURNISHED 
656-2116 
71o6 Glen Terrace 
Close to Randolph AFB 

Ideally located on busline. 

I, 2, and 3 bedrooms. SI8o 

... to ... $35o. On Rector 

 across horn North Stor Moll. 
Fulfilling 

A ID E wonts lo w ork 11-7 pm in 
Hospital or 
Hom e as sitter. 
222-2568__________________________ 
*5o6 WAKEFIELD 
344-4558 need 

 since 

1 9 3 3 

M ove today! 1 b d rm house, no deposit or lease Only $55 
United, 735-9121, tee (4o5-3) 
N E A R L A C K L A N D 
3 Bedrooms, I V ': baths, garage, carpet. On Cul-de-sac. $22o. mo. 
H O M E Y 
3 B e d ro o m s, I b a th , g a r a g e , stove, ref., carpet $21o 
N E W L Y P A IN T E D 
3 Bedroom s, I both, converted garage, stove, ref., patio, $2oo 
673-6o18 
681-o66o 
P R O P E R T Y M A N A G E M E N T 

B O O K K E E P I N G 
A N D 
T A X 
S E R V IC E S For sm all businesses. 
Tax re tu rn s and tax p lanning, financial statem ents, q u arte rly reports, governm ent filings, ond other financial services. 69o-1526. 

A A A A A A Hom e of your own can be yours for as little as $2oo down and paym ents less than rent. No 
Credit? No problem 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 

Nice 2 bedroom apt, near bus, j store, Ft Sam , off N o rth N ew I 
Braunfels. 433-9o35, 344-78o). 

825 E 
C a rso n . $1oo. B ills pd 
Deposit paid later. 227-45o4______ 
Furnished efficiency 
735-4768._____________ 
We have the best 3 and 4 bedroom hom ec in N E a n d N W S a n 
Antonio. All of our hom es ore less than I yr. old. D rapes, p riv a c y fenced. Refrigerators, carpeting. 
$3oo to $45o per month. Before your rent - Call us! You will be delighted! D O R S E Y CO. 733-9184 

E fflu e n ce s, air, bus, sh o p s $3o wk $125 mo. up. Bills pd. Section 
8 534-34o1, 434-9645____________ 
D E P E N D A B L E C H IL D C A R E 
N E A R E A , 656-295o 
N e a r Ft Sa m 311A N ataien. 2 room s, bath, air, garage. W ater pd. $8o No pets. 333-3549__________ 

I Bedroom furn. $22o 
2Bedroom, 
I bath townhouse, 
$25o. 
Utilities included. Ideal location, across from Oak P ark Shopping 
Center, corner Nacogdoches and 
New Braunfels 
1779 N A C O G D O C H E S R D 
_____________ 824-o691 

Efficiency apt. $9o. Month. Call 
736-572).___________________________ 
E X E C U T IV E S E C R E T A R Y will do any type of secretarial w ork at home. 494-3o66.___________________ 
N E A R F T S A M 
Nice large I bedroom furn. apt. water pd. $1oo 824-8369.__________ 
Nice 2 bedroom , 2 both. Super k itc h e n , c o v e re d p a r k in g , la u n d ry facilitie s A il b ills pd. 
S22S. 824-1o88, 696-4494 
__ 

Efficie n cy apt Single. B ills pd 
SI IS. 344-84o2.____________ ________ 
Exp. W om an will care for sick- elderly, no livein. ret. 532-4o79 
H O U S E K E E P E R w a n te d fo r family with 2 children, live-in, pay reasonable, 828-8738 atter 5:oo pm.________________________ _ 

Across from St M a ry s Univ. af 127 
C o lg a te 2 b e d ro o m s u n fu rn 
5165mo. Corpus 1-852-2492 at*r 6 

Nice large 2 room apt. and bath 
D o w n sta irs. P riv a te entrance. 
Prefer couple or I person able to show Vacancies and coiled rents. 
Special arrangem ent for this ser­ vice. A c ro s s from H a n d y-A n d v and 
Y M C A . 
2o7 
Lexington. 
226-686o 
______________ 

E n io y the g e n tle p a c e of the 
B o a rd w a lk . S p e n d y o u r a fte r­ noons chatting with friends during a gam e of bridge. Close to W on­ d e rla n d or C e n tra l P a r k M all. 
Catch a bus to anywhere. Join our com m unity where att ages share the good life. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G illingw ater Co.______ 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts, 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

F U N E R A L C H A P E L S 

SIS NORTH M AIN AVENUE 
226-72o1 

N .E. 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e, fu lly c a rp e te d , fu ll k itc h e n , privacy fence, den, $295 mo. 
R O SSI R E A L T Y _________ 494-7781 
N E, 2-2-den, cen. air-heat, appls, washer--dryer. M any X tras united, 735-912), fee (4o3-2) 

Ail bills pd. I bdrm Duplex, air- heat, carport, fenced. $175 
United, 735-9121, tee (398-1) 

A SE N SI O F 
BEIN G A M O N G FRIENDS. 
L A D Y wants 4 days work. Have references. 226-586L______________ 
ID E A L L O C A T IO N 
I Bedroom unfurn $185. 
2-Bedroom s, Unfurn. $215. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
215 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 

824-9871________ 

L A D Y wants days work. $2.3o an hour. Call 226-9461.______________ 
11721 Parliament 
3 4 9-3 1 49 
M a n seeking janitorial or y a rd work Call 655-6998._______________ 
3-2-2, N E, low util., stove, refrig., 
$31o per mo. 494-3752.____________ 
N ew lu x u r y b r ic k h o m e s for lease. Northw est, close to L oop 
41o. C a rp e t, c u sto m d ra p e s, privacy fence, trees, w asher and d r y e r c o n n e c tio n s. 
L e a s e required. 3-2-2-with fireplace. $35o per mo. 4-2-1-5325. Call 681-3o72 or 
658-4388 

I bedroom apts Drapes, paneled, carpet, air, storage area. $115, 
$13o W ater paid only. Lackland 
Kelly areg 922-1345._____________ 
M e d ica l Sitter; C o n va le sce n t. 
Elderly, Companion. 734-4969 
P o r t e r Lo r in g 
M O RTU ARY 
2-Bedroom , 2-bath, quiet, seclud­ ed. covered patio, outside storage. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock Rd. at NW Loop 41o 
341-2228______________ 

A H H H H H ! S T IL L R E N T IN G ? 
Buy your own home for as little as 
$2o closing, paym ents less than rent. No c re d it? N o p ro b le m ! 
675-1691, 342-7435, 674-1777. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

R E L IA B L E , Dependable Lady to do domestic work or babysitting at home. 648-1694.________________ 

N O L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Near Ft. Sam and downtown. E f­ fic. Apts. Bills Paid, $89 per mo. 
227 47o2 1954 E. H OUston.____ 
Reputation 

 based on dignity and good taste. . . 

Responsible Mother will babysit your child. Excellent play area and care. Conveniently located oft 
Mccollough. 824-8731.________ 

2 -B E D R O O M , $17o 
Pool. With or without patios 
2o1 W. Silver Sands, 344-6177 
E x tra large I bedroom , oir, gar age, $125. 734 2256, 342-53o1 
North Central Location, E lm ira and M cCullough and IH35. Newly decorated. Near bus, adults only. 
No pets. Unfurnished I bedroom. 
W ater pa $125 with dep. 6 M o 
L e a s e 
226-53o) o tte r 6 a n d weekends, 696-o73o._______________ 

A L A M O H T S I Bedroom $175. 2 
Bedroom $21o. Central oir-tieat. 
Bills pd 826-737o__________________ 

11o1 M cCullough 227 8221 
Nice 2 bdrm , $75. H a s garage, screened porch, fenced yard. 
United, 735-9121, Iee (386-3) 

NO C R E D IT N fc E O E D ! 
W hy not own yo u r own h o m e ? 
Just $2oo down! F ro m $159 per month. 922 17o6, 673-4714, 676-75o9 
Pot M c Vey Real Estate 

W ill b a b y sit in m y hom e n e a r 
H arry W urzbach and R ittm an 
828-4152 
___________________ 
2 b e d ro o m T o w n h o u se . W ood- burning fireplace in living room 
F a m ily room , p a rq u e t flo o rs 
Lovely patio perfect for plants. 
S A. A P A R T M E N T L O C A T O R S 
____________ 828-33o1_____________ 

1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 
826-5o81 
The best located apt com plex in 
San Antonio. Large, beautiful I or 
2 bedroom apts, beautiful swim m ing pool and court ya rd . Just se c o n d s fro m d ow n tow n , next d o o r to Ft. S a m H o u s to n a n d 
B r o o k A r m y M e d ic a l C e n te r. 
Convenient to Brack e n rid ge Golf 
C o u rse ond te n n is cou rts. C o n ­ venient to oil m aior expressw ays: 
IH 35, IH 37, IH IO and the new 
N orth E x p re ssw a y . R e a so n a b le rotes, ail bills paid________________ 

2-Bedroom, I bath $215. 
A cro ss street from Lee High, 3 blks. from N im itz H igh, I blk. 
Jackson Keller Elem entary. 
M A IN T A IN E D W IT H P R ID E 
A L L U IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 H erw eck Dr. 344-58o4 

W O M A N w a n ts d a y s w o rk o r steady 1ob. Coll 337-463o._________ 
B R O O K S M C C R E L E S S A R E A 
Large I bedroom, unfurn. $169 
Large 2 bedroom unfurn. $2o5 
S O U T H P O IN T A P A R T M E N T S 
55oo 
S. 
N E W 
B R A U N F E L S 
_____________ 533-13oo_____________ 
Hlax 

 m a r t in e z 

Would like job as com panion-m ale or female, can drive. 681-16o4. 
2 Bedroom Duplex. Convenient to 
St M a ry s U. and bus. $115. Call 
341-8641 days, 824-5969 eves______ 

A tt r a c t iv e 1 -b e d ro o m , d i s h ­ washer, shag, pool Bills pd. $165 and up. $25. Dep. IO Min. Ft. Sam 
321o E I S E N H A U E R off H o r r y 
Wurzbach. 822-9195. 

No deposit-no lease. I bd rm tor 
■J6o. M ove in today! 
United, 735-9121, fee (383-1) 

Y o u n g m o th e r d e s ir e s w o rk , some office and nursing exp. 
824-6136 
2-bedroom home, unfurnished in 
Harlandale. No children or pets. 
$15o month. 927-4569______________ 

B E A U T IF U L Tree House Apts, in garden Com plex, near B ra ck e n ­ rid ge Pk. T rin ity U and D o w n ­ town. View of City. Pool. Laundry. 
M o d e rn ond com fortable. M a n ­ ager, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
APTS. 1315 E. M ulberry, 826-1243 

IF Y O U Q U A L IF Y 
North Central 2 bdrm , carpeted, for only $14o. Kid-pets 
United, 735-9121, tee (373-1)__ 
P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E OR off Weidner rd. M odern I Bedroom , 653-2663. 
1 Bedroom-1 Both $142-5199 
2 Bedrrtom-l Bath $159-$221 
3 Bedroom -2 Both $179-5246 
AM Utilities, Central A ir and Heat, 
R e frige ra to r, Range, D isp o sa l, 
Draperies, TV Antenna, Storage 
Units and M ore. Approxim ately 
15 M inutes from M ilitary Bases. 
924-o41o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave. 

 oftoting 
Pre-Arrmgetf Funeral Centred! funeral Insurance Felicia! 
227-6281 

Convenient lo Brooks A.F.B. and downtown area. Efficiency, I and 
2 bedrooms, storting at $15o. All bills pd. 9 to 5 W eekdays, and 12 to 
5 Sat. 47oo Stringtellow. 533-3691 

3 Bedroom home, den, $15o mo 
$5o Dep. B urglar bars, fence. 4o2 
Halliday. 927-3o23.________________ 
Express-News 

Want Ads 

225-1666 

North Star Mall. Brick 3-2-1, air, appls, fenced. Just $225 
United, 735-9121, fee (362-2) 
3 B E D R O O M H O U SE, Southside, 
628-1239, 628-12o1.________________ 
N W -T o w n h o u se D u p le x , 3 be drooms, I 1 1 baths. 69o-o537 
I B E D R O O M , A IR conditioned 
Large rooms. 735-8282___________ 
2 B E D R O O M Townhouse, central heat-air, refrigerator, range, g a r­ bage disposal, d ish w a sh e r. $75 dep., $195 mo. 653-499o.___________ 

NW 3-2 with appls, central heat- air, fenced for kids-pets. $225 
United, 735-9121, fee (377 3) 

3 Bedroom apt. $8o. plus bills, 
344-84o2._________________ 
North Park Mortuary 
734-5313 
Chapel Hill Mamorial 
Gordons 
655-6411 

Don't m iss the H E R IT A G E if you are looking for the ideal apt lo keep plants. I O R 2 covered patios for every apt. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at N.W. L O O P 41o 
_____________ 341-2228_____________ 

L A B A N D E R A A P T S. 
L U X U R Y I and 2 bedroom apts. 
1171 B A N D E R A RD. 433-3214 

NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
You can pay your m onthly rent in 
I, 2 or 3 paym ents. E m o y color 
T V. radio, pool, m aid-linen se r­ vice All bills pd. W E E K L Y rotes 
34)4 F re d e rick sb u rg R d 736-4444 m. £ KOOUGUtZ 
FUNCHAL HOMS 
Pre-Need Arrangements 
SII Guadalupe St. 
226-6111 

Large I bedroom duplex apt. with garage. $68. mo. plus $25. Dep. 
224-776o._______________ _ 
We have 12 different floor plans to ch oose from . W e lk in closets, pantries, patios. Call Cary. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at N.W. LO O P 41o 
341-2228 

— Funeral Directors 
R O O M M A T E needed to s h o re apartment. 344-15i6.______________ 
3 Room apt. Ft Sam -Downtown. 
On bus, $8o water pd. 224-9939 
LEMON TREE APTS 
4227 S U N G A T E 
1-Bedroom, $179. Bills pc). 
_________655-4826_________ 

Spacious 2 and 3 bedroom s Ideal for young m arrieds with a sm all child The Boardw alk otters 3 be droom s unturn for $29o. 2 pools, club room and laundry. Close to 
W onderland and Central Park. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry Gillingw ater Co.______ 

S A V E Y O U R S E L F 
Tim e, trouble, m oney. W e find new apartm ents for you, owner pays fee. Econom y to luxury, all over town. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Aportm ent Locotors 828-5739 

S E C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies -1 and 2 bedroom s 
Furnished and Unfurnished 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E A V E . 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
_______ 828-1191________ 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
* 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S. 
2931 E. SO U T H C R O S S 
534-88o8 

262 Claremont, darling 2 bedroom duplex, ce n tral a ir heat, fully carpeted, no children, no pets, 
$12o mo. 822-711o._________________ 
Colony House I Bedroom , pool. bills pd. $195. 822-159o___________ 
Efficienees, 1-2 and 3 bedroom s, furn or unfurn 533-13oo. 
L O V E L Y 2 B E D R O O M A P T . available. $285, bitts pd. Includes washer- dryer. Call Tom M cN eil 
349-1874. 

Large I and 2 Bedroom s 
F R O M $14o (U N F U R N . $122.5o.) 
116 V A N D E R H E C K 826-2369 
O F F 64oo N. N E W B R A U N F E L S 

C O N T E S S A A P T S . I O R 2 B E 
D R O O M S , bills pd, $2oo to $225 
C lose to N o rth sta r and Central 
P a r k . N o c h ild re n o r pets. 
824-67o7; 824-47oo.________________ 
M O C T U A D f 

 iN c 3m r 

F u r n efficiency opt. fo r single w orking man, 533-969o Atter 4:3o. 
$98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apt 
Air, 2 B lks Kelly. Call A n y D ay O r 
Night. 7 a rn - IO p m 922-o634 
$133 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, 
Air, Call A ny D a y or Eve s. 7:3o 
A.M. - 9 P.M. 333-185)____________ 

2-Bedroom s, air, heat. $14o. W ater pd Patio. 158 El Mio-4o8 Ira. No pets. 341-8446, 494-5678, 824-6227 
Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd. 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2-BEDRO O M -S235. B IL L S P D 
P A R K D A L E A P T S. 342-o191 
1o5—Cemeteries 
Burial Lets 

35o3 N O R T H P A N A M 
223-3218 
M O N .-F R I. 9-6 
Southside Duplex Apt v e ry cleon 
2 b e d ro o m . C e n tra l a ir-h e a t, w a sh e r -d ry e r con n. $17o mo. 
Water pd. 822 P u rr 333-o8o4 ____ 
2 -B e d ro o m , 2-bath, 925 sq.ft. 
Furn., Unfurn. Pool. Club house. 
Ail utilities pd All adult. No pets. 
$5o. M o vin g credit. Colt 342-9321 
1oA M to 5 :3 o P M week, 1 P M to 
5:3o P M Soturdoy 
__________ 

D R IF T W O O D APTS.-2 Bedroom s, 
2 baths, all b ills pd. $22o mo. 
432-3658 or 684-5498.______________ 

F U R N U N F U R N 
U tilitie s od, sh ag , 2 pools, $185 U P Painters 
M ill 52oo Blonco. 349 2222_________ 
T W IN 
C R Y P T S , 
R o s e la w n 
Cem etery. Show n by opp oint- menl. $12oo. 433-6974._____________ 

T W O S I N G L E L O T S , S u n s e t 
Mem orial Park. Coll 656-8544. 

V e ry choice sin g le M a u so le u m crypt on 1st level, Sunset M em or­ ial. Cost $16oo. Sell $125o cash. 
Coll 344-3765______________________ 

M asonic Areo, Sunset M e m o ria l 
Park. By Owner. 734-4o85. 

C o ve re d w alk-w ay from co r to apt., laundry and m ailbox area so you w on't get drenched, la rge r ro o m s so you w on t b a rk yo u r shins. 342-9113 626-1594 and see. 
T H E K IN G S T O N A P T S. 
22o2 Vance Jackson Fo r TLC 
Three can share a 3 bedroom apt. at the Boardw alk for SHO each 
Pool, club ro o m a n d la u n d ry . 
Close to 
Central 
P a rk and 
Wonderland. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry Gillingw ater Co. 
---------------.'n. 'i n t 'i" a k HT 5 > ' N F W S 
- 
C A U 225 1666 _ _ _ _ _ 

L A F B area, 2 bedroom , fenced, air, carpeted. $13o. 661-2676. 
EXTRA LAROE 
2-Bedroom, 2-Bath, quiet secluded covered patio. Outside storage. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at NW L O O P 41o 
341-2228_____________ 

2-Bedroom, 1-Bath, $23o. 
3-Bedroom, 2-Bath, 15oo sq.ft. $3oo 
The locotion is so con ven iently located a second fam ily car is not needed 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Block To North Star M all 
2o2 B IR C H L E AF, 342 o285 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 
N e a r U T S A , M ed. C lr . U S A A . 
Townhouse, 2 bedroom s, electric kitchen, drapes, carpeted T e n ­ n is -S w im m in g . $235. 696-6121, 
492-2533._____________ _____________ 
233 H O W A R D 
I Blk. M e tro p o lita n H o sp ita l, 
M edical Pro fe ssio n al B ld g Bap fis t H o s p it a l a n d M a in B a n k . 
L a rg e I ond 2 bedroom s. Adults, no pets. 

F A M IL Y 
Beauiful 2 bedroom , 2 bath apt home. Fireplace. $285. B ills pd. 
Children welcome. 
W alk to schools 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681________ 

N E E D A N A P T - C A L L US 
T E X A S A P T . L O C A T O R S 
349 3685»NO F E E «$ )5 o up f o e T H I t a s t i s t i n s u l t s 
O N A W A N T A D 

T H I N U M B l k T O C A U 
IS 225 1666 t X P B E S S A N D N I W 5 

N ice I b e d ro o m apt, ideal for senior citizen or retired couple. 
N e a r b us, store. Ft. Sa m . off 
Broadw ay. 433-9o35. 
__ 

3 B u ria l spaces, $35o each. M is ­ sion Burial Park, South. 923-o923 or 1-556-5692. 

1o1—Deaths 

E LB E L 
M r W illiam W Elbe!, oge 73, of 
1132 G re e r , d ie d W e d n e s d a y , 
April 4, 1977. He was a m em ber of 
H ig h lan d T e rra c e U n ited M e th ­ odist C hurch and C h u rch m en 's 
Post No. 235 A m e ric a n Legion. 
S u rv iv o rs : S is te r, M rs . P a u l 
(L e o n a ) 
W illia m s ; b r o th e r . 
Robert Lee Elbel, both of San An­ tonio; num erous nieces and ne­ p hew s. S e rv ic e S a tu rd a y a f I o'clock in the G eorgian Chapel of the P o rter Loring M o rtu a ry , the 
Rev. David Paul and the Rev. G. 
A. S chulie officiating, in term en t in Sunset M em orial P a rk . A rra n ­ gements with 
(toter Loring 
11o1 M oCUU jOUOM 227 *221 

F U E N TE S 
M rs. A urora N. Fuentes, age 45, of 15o8 Leal St., entered into rest 
T h u rs d a y , A p ril 7, 1977. S u r­ v iv o r s : 
H u s b a n d , 
R o g u e 
Fuentes; sons, Roland and Roger 
F u e n te s and R ic h a rd N a je r a ; d au g h ters, A u ro ra T o rra lv a of 
Houston, Irm o V illa rre a l, M a ry 
A lic e B a u tis ta , R a c h a e l P e re z an d Ire n e A y a la ; b r o th e r s , 
Reyes, Ernest, Raym ond, A rthur an d R ic h a rd N a je r a ; s is te rs , 
Teresa Sanchez and Lyd ia Equia; 
14 g ra n d c h ild re n . F u n e ra l s e r­ vices w ill depart Saturday at 1:oo p.m . follow ed by re lig io u s s e r­ vic e s a t 1:3o p .m . a t E l Buen 
Pastor M ethodist Church, 3235 W, 
P o p la r St. w ith R e v . S a m u e l 
Blanco officiating, interm en t will follow a t M ission B u ria l P a rk . 
Arrangem ents with faint fr ig id 

3711 So. Z o fzo m o ra f 
. _ 924-45< 

H E R N A N D E Z 
A lfre d o H e rn a n d e z J r ., in fa n t ch ild of M r. and M rs . A lfre d o 
( H e r lin d a ) H e rn a n d e z , ag e 7 months, of 4119 Lockend, passed aw ay A p ril 7, 1977 in a local ho­ s p ita l. 
S u rv iv o r s : 
P a te r n a l grandparents, F ran k and M a ria 
E le n a H e rn a n d e z , m a te r n a l g ra n d m o th e r, H e rlin d a M a la . 
Funeral will depart Saturday, at 
12:3o p.m . for graveside service 
1:oo p.m. at Mission B u rial P ark. 
A rrangem ents by 

B u m m e l 
Sgt. D a n ie l E . H u m m e l (U S A , 
R e t.), age 32, died A pril 4, 1977 in a lo c a l h o s p ita l. S u r v iv o r s : 
D a u g h te r, Jen n efer L yn n H u m ­ m el, Falls Church, V a .; parents, 
M r. and M rs . Adolph H u m m e l, 
San Antonio; sisters, M rs. Nancy 
B a rr , S a n ta M a r ia , C a lif, and 
M rs. Ruby Roberts of San Anton­ io; several nieces and nephews. 
S ervices M onday 1o:3o a .m . at 
R iebe-S aunders C h apels. In te r ­ m ent in Ft. Sam Houston National 
C em etery w ith full m ilita ry hon­ ors. Those desiring m ay m ake a m e m o ria l c o n trib u tio n to the 
Am erican Cancer Society, Bexar 
County Unit. A rrangem ents with 

1o1—Deaths 

■RiebTj 
L aunders 

1 1 I9 N St "M ary s st a t B rooklyn 

B 
B 

M A R T IN E Z 
MRS. T H E R E S A H. i M A R T IN E Z , 
219 
[ “ F " St., born in San 
A n to n io J a n . 3o, 
1897, e n tered rest W e d n e s d a y , 
April 4,1977 at the age of 8o years. 
R O S A R Y -S U N D AY 7:3o PM 
A LAM O C H A P E L S 
M A SS-M O ND AY 1o:oo AM 
OUR L A D Y OF 
P E R P E T U A L H E L P CH U R C H 
21o1 N ebraska St. w ith in te rm en t to tallo w in City 
C e m e te ry N o . I. S u r v iv o r s : 
Daughters, M rs. A u ro ra M . De la G arza, M rs . K enneth (G e ra l­ d in e ) Slade, C ity ; s is te r, M rs . 
C a rrie Sm vthe, C ity ; g ra n d c h il­ dren, M rs. Cloudia T ije rin a , City, 
Joseph G. R a m ire z , O k la h o m a 
C ity, O kla., E rie R a m ire z , Lisa 
Slade, both of San A ntonio, M i­ chael M a rtin e z, L in d a W a rs a w , 
C h e s te r, P a .; g re a t g ra n d c h il­ dren, M arty T ijerin a, B rian W a r­ s a w . 
M rs . 
M a r tin e z w as a m em ber of Our Lady of Perpetual 
H e lp , S e n io r C itiz e n s a n d has been a lifelo ng re s id e n t of San 
Antonio. Services under the d ir­ ection of a m ember of The Lelon 
Cude Fam ily of 
T k t A tom o 
.225-5731 
N. Alam o at Brooklyn 

PROCTOR 
Ar. D avid C raig P ro c to r, 24, of 
Ungsville, Tex. died in that city ip ril 14, 1977. N ative of San Ad­ orno and resident of K in g s ville or 4 years, student at Texas A i l md also a rancher in K leberg Co., exas. Survived bv parents, M r. md M rs . G. C. B o y e r; sisters, 
Ars. Ben Foster J r. and K e lly 
A v e rs , a ll of S an A n to n io ; iro th e r. D an P ro c to r, A u s tin , r e x .; g r a n d m o th e r, M rs . F. 
>avid, San Antonio. Services IO i.rn. S a tu rd a y , A p ril 9, Sunset 
= u n e ra l H o m e , R e v . H a ro ld 
A oench o ffic ia tin g . In te rm e n t iu n s e t M e m o r ia l P a r k . P a ll- te a re rs : G ary B oites, K enneth 
C arnei, K im M a n n in g , C h arles 
Wiesman, Lym an Young, George 
C rueger, Jess E lro d and Span 
W alcott. Those w ho w ish m ay m ake co n trib u tio n s to the Bob 
W are M e m o r ia l F u n d of th e 
Clarno Heights High School. 

S U N S E T S 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 828-28o* 

SWENSON 
Ars. Nellie Swenson, age 92, of 
17 E. Dickson Ave., passed aw ay thursday, April 7, 1977 in a local lospital. Born in H u tto, T ex as, 
A rs. Sw enson re s id e d in San 
>antonio for 3o years and was a m ember of the L u th e ra n faith . 
Survivors: Son, M r. W ithe Swen- 
,on of Texas City, M r. Edm ond iwenson of Boise, Idaho, M r. M il­ an Sw enson of San A n to n io ; laughters, M rs. Hilton (M ild re d ) 
:ia r k of M c D a d e , T e x a s , M rs . lam es (B etty Jo) P ayne of San 
Antonio; 18 g ra n d c h ild re n . Ser- 
/ices, 1:45 p m. Saturday at the 
Southside Fun eral Home Chapel with Rev. J. Pool Tisdel officiat- ng in te rm e n t, M ission B u ria l 
Park. Direction of 
£S>outf#ibe 

M ILA M 
M alcolm L. M ilam of San Antonio, passed aw ay in a local hospital 
Friday, April 8, 1977 at the age of 
76 years. Su rvivors: W ife, M rs . 
B illie L. M ila m , C ity ; stepson, 
C le tic e R a y , B e lto n , T e x a s ; b rother, Paul M ila m , M esquite, 
Texas; 5 grandchildren; I great g ran d ch ild . G ra v e s id e s e rv ic e will be held at 1o:oo a.m . M onday, 
April l l , in New B rem en C em e­ tery, Karnes County, Texas. A r­ rangements with 

B r l l r r t * ! 
IOO So W W Whit# Rd. 337-4o82 

HI 
H 

WEBB 
M R S . M IR IA M M . 
W EB B , 1738 Tim ber 
O a k , born in N ew 
O rleans, La., Sept. 
7, 1915, entered rest F rid ay, April 
8, 1977 at the age of 41 years. 
R O SA R Y -S U N D AY 7:oo PM 
H O LY S P IR IT 
C A TH O LIC CHU R C H 
M ASS-M O ND AY 12.oo NOON 
H O LY S P IR IT 
C A TH O LIC C H U R C H 
758 W. Ramsey Rd. w ith R e v . T h o m a s M u rp h y as celebrant with interm ent to follow in Ft. Sam Houston N atl. C em e­ te ry . S u rv iv o rs : H u sb an d , M r. 
Wyndol 
Webb; daughter, 
M rs. 
E d g a r (L y n d a ) H a r r e ll, C ity ; son, 
D o n a ld 
E u g e n e 
W e b b , 
R iv e rd a le , M d .; m o th e r, M rs . 
Em ily M arschall, Boerne, Texas; sister, M rs . C h arlie (M a rg a re t) 
G a rity , S a ra s o ta , F la .; g ra n d ­ child, Kristine H a rrell. M rs. Webb was a m e m b e r of the C a th o lic 
Church and has been a resident of 
San Antonio for the past 21 years. 
C asket b e a re rs jwill be M y ro n 
Dm ochow ski, M a u ric e R. Allen, 
Pasauale D ’Esopo, Arm and Wiet- zel, A lv in S a n d e rs an d E d g a r 
H a rre ll. Services under the d ir­ ection of a m em ber of The Lelon 
Cude Fam ily of 

71k& 
225-5731 
N. Alam o at Brooklyn 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 I 977 
H 

Dullnig funeral set today 

Funeral services for 
San Antonio b u sin e ss­ man 
A rth ur 
C harles 
Dullnig will he I p.m. 
Saturday at Sunset Fun­ eral Home. 
D ullnig, 
74, died 
Thursday. 
A lifetime resident of 
San Antonio, he was owner of Dullnig Oil Co. 
Dullnig, who was also a m em b er of the Grace 
Lutheran Church and the 
T u rn e r 
Club, helped organize the first Little 
League baseball p ro ­ gram in San Antonio. 
Survivers include his widow, 
Linda 
Belle 
Dullnig; two daughters, 
Mrs. Charles Jackson of 
Ft. Worth and Mrs. Ron­ ald Neal of Stephenville; a brother, Harold Dullnig of San Antonio; five grandsons, and one great granddaughter. 
Entombment will he at 
Sunset Memorial Park. 
Church founder’s rites set 

Funeral services for 
Gus D. Tassos, one of the seven founders of St. So­ phia G reek Orthodox 
Church, will be at 12:45 p.m . 
Monday at the 
Church. 
Tassos, 83, 3o7 Donella 
Drive, died Friday. 
He was a member of 
Albert Pike Lodge No. 
11 HD AF&AM, a 32nd degree Mason, a m ember of Alzafar Shrine and was in the restaurant busi­ ness in San Antonio from 
19o8 until 1948. 
Tassos is survived by his wife, Mrs. Marguer­ ite Tassos; three sons, 
George Tassos, Damon 
Tassos and Wallace Tas­ sos, all of San Antonio; a daughter, Mrs. Hal Lan­ drum; a niece, Mrs. Don 
Blue of Huntsville, Ala., and a nephew , 
Bill 
Tassos of San Antonio. 
Trisagion will he said at 6 p.m . Sunday in 
Porter Loring Mortuary. 
Burial will be in Mis­ sion Park. 

63o1 S. W ow 
922-6339 

 rAssos 
Jus D 
Tassos, a g e 83, of 3o7 
Jon ella, died F r id a y , A p ril 8, 
977. 
He w as o n e of s e v e n o u n d ers of St. S o p h ia G re e k 
)rtbodox Church; m em ber of Al te n 
P ik e 
L o d g e 
N o . 
1149 
IF B A M ; a thirty-second degree rta so n ; m e m b e r of A lz a fa r ihrine, and was in the restaurant lusiness in San Antonio from 19o8 intil 1948. Survivors: W ife, M rs 
Marguerite Tassos; sons, George rossos, Damon Tossos, W allace ra s s o s , a ll of S an A n to n io ; laughter, M rs. Hal Landrum , San 
A n to n io ; I s is te r in A th e n s , 
J re e c e ; n ie c e , M . D o n B lu e , 
4 u n fs v ille , A la .; n ep h ew , B ill ra s s o s . 
San 
A n to n io ; 
7 ira n d c h lld re n ; 4 g re a t g ra n d 
:hildren. Trisag io n w ill be said iunday evening at 4 o'clock in the geo rg ian C hapel of the P o rte r 
-o rin g M o r t a r y . S e rv ic e M on- lay at 12:45 at St. Sophia’s Greek 
Orthodox Church, F a th e r Spiro 
^ieratos officiating. P a llb earers, ira n d s o n s : P a tric k L a n d ru m , 
3on Watson, Hat B. Landrum , Jr., 
Michael Landrum , John Phillips, 
Jerry Schutza, Roy Self. In te r 
Tient m Mission B u rial P a rk . Ar rangehents with 
(toter Loring 
1 to t M c C u llo u g h 227 * 22v 

Brown asks to shift 
Pentagon personnel 

After 4 6 years of roaming the fields collecting flying insects, 
Murray O . Glenn, 83, “ The Old Moth Man of Putnam County,” poses with a tray of moths in his home in Henry, III., near Peoria. 
Glenn has given his 2 o ,o o o specimens to the Idioms Natural 
History Survey. The specimens include 1,325 species of small moths. — AP Wirephoto 

WASHINGTON (AP) 
— Defense Secretary Ha­ rold Brown asked Con­ gress on Friday for auth­ ority to reshuffle the 
Pentagon’s top civilian leadership jobs. 
In a letter to congres­ sional leaders, Brown said the proposed reor­ ganization is intended to reduce the defense secretary’s span of con­ trol. streamline the pre­ sent top organization and ultimately bring about some staff reductions. 
At the heart of the proposal is creation of two new positions of un­ dersecretary of defense, one to focus on policy formulation and execu­ tion and one on research and development. 
These two undersecre­ taries would supervise the activities of nearly a dozen assistant secretar­ ies of defense and direc­ tors of defense agencies. 
M eanwhile, 
Brown would eliminate one of two deputy secretary of defense positions, leav­ ing him with a chain of command from his office through that of Deputy 

Defense 
Secretary 
Charles Duncan and on down. 
Aides say 
Brown believes this new struc­ 

 ture featuring the addi- the complex military es-* lion of two more super- tablishment of 2 million vising undersecretaries service personnel and- would give him a better about I million civilan. grip on the operations of employes worldwide. 

Pilot’s turn subject of continued probe 

ATLANTA (AP) — Investigators are trying to determine why the pilot of a Southern Airways DC-9 made “a complete 36o-degree turn” before crashing into a Georgia town and killing 7o people, a National 
T ranspo rtatio n Safety B oard sp o k esm an said 
Friday. 
Jury probing ex-lawmaker 

WASHINGTON (AP) — A federal grand jury is investigating Frank M. Clark, former chairman of the House Merchant Marine Subcommittee, on charges of alleged bribery, false statements and income-tax violations. 
The House agreed to furnish the grand jury with the Pennsylvania Democrat’s campaign finance reports for the years 1971-1975, which the grand jury in Pittsburgh had subpoenaed Jan. 6. 
Although it gave no clue about the specifics of the allegations against Clark, the House made public for the first time the sections of the federal criminal code under which Clark is being inves­ tigated. 
House officials published in Wednesday’s issue of the Congressional Record a copy of a letter from Pittsburgh’s I’.S. Atty. Blair A. Griffith, dated March 15, saying: “ The grand jury inves­ tigation concerns alleged violations of Sections 
2o1. 1oo1 and 1623 ... and violations of the various criminal statutes of the tax code.” 
Bribes 
Section 2o1 prohibits federal officials from solititing or receiving b rib e s. Section 1oo1 prohibits making false statem ents to federal officials about matters within their jurisdiction, and section 1623 prohibits m aking false s ta ­ tements before a grand jury or a.court. 
Clark appeared before the grand jury once before, and he has publicly denied any wrongdo­ ing. He was unavailable for comment Friday. 
News accounts have said the grand jury is 
•investigating kickbacks and that a local engineer­ ing firm is also under investigation. 
Clark’s campaign finances, now'being combed by the grand jury, contributed to his election defeat in 1974 by Republican Gary A. Myers. 
Clark received $27,7oo in political donations from three AFL-CIO maritime unions in 1973 and 
1974 when he was pushing for a bill sought by the unions to increase use of unionized American-flag ships for hauling imported oil. 
The donations amounted to more than 3o per cent of all Clark’s campaign spending and was the most received from maritime unions by any 
House m em ber during that time. During the campaign Myers accused Clark of being bought by maritime interests to the detrim ent of his landlocked district. 

“ We have no idea why, hut the computer printout 
(of ground radar tracking) indicates that is what he did,” said spokesman Bob Buckhorn. 
The plane flew through a severe sto rm , and 
Southern spokesman have said ingestion of hail into the jet engines may have caused both engines to fail. 
Investigators have said that was possible, but they haven’t said whether that was the probable cause for the crash. 
The pilot and copilot were among those killed when the jet plowed in flames through the main street of New Hope on Monday. The pilot had tried unsuccessfully to land on a two lane highway. 
Buckhorn said he may have circled looking for a clear place to land or may have been trying to get back to a place he already had spotted. 
But the investigation has been hampered because the plane’s electric power went off tem porarily, interrupting recording devices as well as contact with Federal Aviation Adm inistration air traffic controllers. 
Power outage 

The crew switched to an auxiliary power unit, normally used only when the plane is on the ground, but the power outage left a gap on the in-flight data recorder and a voice recorder in the cockpit. 
Buckhorn said investigators have not determined how long the devices were out of operation. At least part of the turn apparently was made during that time, hut the pilot did not tell controllers of the turn. 
“ He never mentioned doing this. T h a t’s what surprised us,” Buckhorn said. 
Chemicals are threat to Ohio 
River water 

LOUISVILLE, 
Ky. 
(AP) — Gov. Julian Car­ roll and Mayor Harvey 
Sloane asked President 
Carter on Friday to de­ clare Louisville a disas­ ter area because of high­ ly toxic chemicals in the c ity ’s sew er system which pose a threat to 
Ohio 
River d rin kin g water. 
Jack Ravan, Atlanta- based regional adminis­ trator of the federal En­ vironmental Protection 
Agency,.said if the dis- 

Bandit repeats robbery 

A scar-faced bandit who robbed a North Side ice house earlier in the week retu rn e d to the scene of the crime Friday 
— and robbed the place again. 
Police said the gunman first robbed the Lone 
Star Ice & Food Store at 
824 
A fterglow 
St. 
W ednesday when 
Manager Harold Colker was forced to hand over all the money in the re­ gister. 
That was the last the 
57-year-old manager saw of the bandit until Friday afternoon. 
Colker told officers he was behind the counter about I p.m. when a man walked up and said. “ Do you remember m e?” re­ ports said. 
The man pulled out a pistol and ordered Colker to give him the cash from the register as well as $4 from the manager’s wal­ let. The man then fled, police reported. 

Conflict causes DA to bow out o f case 

HUNTSVILLE. Tex. (AP) - Walker 
County Bist. Atty. Jerry Sandel says he has turned over to City Atty. Martin 
Colly the presentation of a gambling case to a grandy jury because of pos­ sible conflict of interest. 
Sandel said this week he re lin ­ quished presentation because Jack 
Felder, who was his 1976 cam paign manager, and R. L. (Buster) Beseda, a personal acquaintance, are among the six persons charged in connection with the investigation. 
Charges 
All six are c u rre n tly free on in ­ dividual bonds of $1,ooo after being charged with promotion of gambling. 
Others charged are Greg Goodrum, 
James Donaison, Thomas McCollum and Howard Porterfield. 
The charges w ere filed in late 
December following a joint investiga­ tion by the Huntsville Police Depart­ ment and the FBI. 
Police Chief Gail Burch said the al­ leged gambling operation was part of a multi-county network that involved bets totaling about $85,ooo in Hunts­ ville alone. 
Sandel said also that another reason for relinquishing the case was that his name had been rumored to be m en­ tioned in the investigation files. 

“ I finally made the decision after 

 seeing the publicity the case had received and the publicity it was going to receive in the future,” Sandel told the Huntsville Item. 
Chief Burch confirmed that during 
“ one of the FBI oral conversations” 
Sanders name had come up in regards to an alleged bet. 
No comment 
“I am not going to comment on an­ ybody whose name may or may not be in the file,” Sandel said. “ Not even myself. I am not going to comment on the evidence. I wish I could, but I just don't think it would be proper.’’ 
Colly said he would be serving with­ out pay as a special prosecutor and would present evidence to the grand jury. 
“ He (Sandel) has given me the fil and I requested I present the matter to the grand jury,” Colly said. "Jerry is not sitting over my sh ou ld er. I wouldn’t do anything he wouldn’t want done. By the same token, he did not tell me to do certain things. He is not limiting me to what I present to the grand jury and I will present everyth­ ing.” 
Colly said Sandel “ is merely saying that for the sake of all concerned ... it would be better if someone assisted him by presenting the ease to the grand jury.” 

 aster declaration is granted, the city would become eligible for fede­ ral funds for disposing of about 25,DUO tons of sludge contaminated by toxic chem icals at a sewage treatm ent plant here. 
Louisville 
Ravan said Louisville itself is not threatened by the contaminated plant but untreated raw sewage being diverted into the 
Ohio R iver causes “ an im m in ent health hazard” to many people who live dow n­ stream from the city. 
Since the sewage treat­ m ent plant was closed down two weeks ago. IOO million gallons of raw sewage have been diver­ ted into the Ohio River daily. It will take at least three m ore weeks to clean up the plant and 
“ consequently that means the sewage will continue to be dumped for at least that long,” 
Ravan said. 
Emergency 

Carroll sent a telegram to the P resid en t, d e ­ scribing the contaminat­ ed sewer situation as a 
“ m ajor e m e rg en cy ’’ because of “ the presence of extremely toxic sub­ stances.” 
The EPA said that six tons of poisonous chemicals, dumped “ in­ tentionally or stupidly” into the city’s sewer sys­ tem, had caused federal, state and local officials 
“great concern." 
Ravan said officials don't know how the chemicals, hexachlorocv- clopentadiene and oc- tachlorocylcopentene, got into the sewer sys­ tem. 

TODAY’S 
EEP 
9 

WINNING 
NUMBERS 

5 P. M. 
Mon. 4 - 1 1 - 7 7 
*5o 4 7 4 - 7 6 - 8 6 5 5 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 
*25 2 3 9 - 1 o - 4 4 4 9 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 
$25 4 6 2 - 6 6 - 4 2 1 3 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 
MO 45 2.- 6 6 - 3 2 8 3 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 

M O 4 5 4 - o 5 - 5 3 o 5 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 

$ | o 5 O 4 - O 7 - 26 5 1 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 

J 
*1o 4 5 2 - 3 7 - 3 2 2 8 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 
*1o 4 6 4 - 3 5 - 4 o 1 5 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 
*1o 4 4 9 - 3 2 - 7 4 8 7 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 
*1o 4 6 o - o 8 - 3 9 2 5 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E _ 

S 1 o 4 6 5 - » ° - 7 ° 9 5 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 

* ] Q 4 6 6 - 3 1 - 2 5 1 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 
*1o 4 6 2 - 4 o - 4 8 9 7 

I N G I F T C E R T I F I C A T E 

Claims not honored on Sat. or Sun. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SWEEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FORM OF GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE NEW S, 

OR WEEK END EXPRESS-NEWS THIS WEEK. Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5o o EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $ 1 ,o o o Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you’ll be awarded on ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $ 25 o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE NECESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed, at the newspaper offices from 8 :3 o a m. to 5 :3 o p.m. M onday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

I . T O E N TE R 
Simply fill in in try tiowgem with ell requested inform#!!©** and your Social Sa cur tty Number and maH it to SWEEPSTAKES, EX­ 
PRESS 
ANO 
NEWS, 
P.O 
SOX 
7565, Son Antonio. T « im 7 i 297. 
Th* entry cooper) mu*! ho adher­ ed to a peiK ord, eddr***ed, and 
♦hon m alled Ho parches* ii re* quired to onto*1 Entry cords also oval !<**><'• at th* 
Express and 
Now*, Av*. I and Third St., from 
o:3o a,rn. to 5:3o p.m. week days- So »wr* to choel* th* “ YES” box lf yow with to subscribe to th* fxfsr#** or H ow * or bath or if you wi*h to add on th* ath*r paper Or fill in th* "NO" box if you do not with to subscribe 
Ii th or way, yow arm eligible for th* prise* if you send in th* com ­ pleted entry card. 

7. P R IZ E S 
Prise* will be offered daily, M on­ day through friday, in the Soft 
Antonio Express and Th* New* and Saturday and Sunday in lh* 
Express-New*, based on a d ra w ­ ing conducted daily and on fri­ day* for the w eek end* and 
Mondays- W inners will be a w a r­ ded gift certificate* entitling them to their choke of retail m erchandise fro m firms who h av e ad v ertised rn th* San An. tanto Express. Th# News, or S at­ urday ar Sunday Im press-New* during th at w eek . 

SUNDAY PRIZES WILL CONSIST 
Of 
BONUS 
NUMBERS 
WORTH 
$ 1 ,o o o OR MORf EACH WIEK, 
PLUS IO SPURS BS TICKETS EACH 
SUNDAY. lf th e w inner af th* 
Sunday 

The Rules: 

Bono. 
Numb*, ll a subscriber to tho dolly Son An­ tonio iip r o .t and th o h o w l, ho or .ho will ba awarded on ad ­ ditional SSOO In p m # .. M tho 
Sunday bonus Number winner ii a proton! subscriber to tho dally 
Copra*. OS tho N ow ., ho or .ho will bo awarded an additional 
$3 5 o In pritot. 

SATURDAY K IZIS W ill CONSIST 
Of 
SSO (I) is (I) 
IO (Si 
3 SPURS SS TICKETS (S PAIA) 
DAUT PRIZES IN »OTH THI (X- 
PRISS ANO THI NEWS 
*SO (I) 
35 (3) 
1o(51 
I SPURS $S TICKETS (3 PAI*) 
A TOT.,1 OI $3 o o IN PblZIS 
DAUT PIUS ■ $5 SPURS TICKITSI 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
WIN; 
A drawing will b* held daily to determ ine the fallow ing day** winner*. Saturday, Sunday, and 
M onday winner* will be draw n th e preceding friday. The earlier you ten d in your en try , th# m o t rn week* you will b e eligible ta win prize*! 
4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
Winning num ber* will b e publish­ ed each day in the San Antam q 
I xpf#**, The New*, an d S aturday and Sunday Ixgress-N ew *. I* . pre** winner* will h av e until naan the fella wing d ay to claim prise*. New* winner* will h av e 

 until $ p.m. th# fellow ing d ay ta claim prtza* H a winning num ber 
I* published an friday, Saturday, or Sunday, th e prize* m u tt be claimed by S p.m . the fallowing 
M onday a r th ey will b e forfeited. 
Winner* m ay cam e ta lh# Cir* celation Dept. of th e fxpres** 
New* budding, Ave. I end Thud 
Bt. ta claim their prize*. They rnw*t h ave proof af their Social 
Security num ber, p referab ly a 
Social Security card, piu* o th er identificaHan. W inner* m utt con­ tact th# Ex pre** an d New* by th* appropriate deadline mr prise* will be forfeited 

5 . W H O M A Y E N T E R 

The BSD,DOO Sweepstake* 77 i* open ta any resid en t af any a re a w here the Son A ntonia I apr e n and Th* New* or* distributed 
THA only requirem ent i* th at he ar the h av e a Basial Security num ber. Employee* cmd im m edi­ a te homilies af 
I sprat*-N ew * 
Carp, cmd W orld Printing Ca*, their agent* an d distributer* pre not eligible 
NO PURCHASE 
IS 
NECESSARY TO ENTER OR CLAIM 
4 PRIZE, An entry card will be furnished upon req u est from th# 
San Antonio Ex pre** and 
Th# 
News from 1:3 o a .rn ta Ss3o p.m . w eekday*. W inning num ­ ber* m ay be view ed at th e I* - presft-News budding from o:3o a.m . ta Bi 3o p.m . M onday-fri­ day, ar #t public fifer during open 
Hour*. 
YOU 
NCiO 
NOT 
SUBSCRIBE 
OR 
MAKE 
ANY 
PURCHASE. But you mu*! en ter ta be eligible to win THIS OffCR IS 
VOID 
WHERE 
RESTRICTED 
BY 
LAW 

I 
I 
I 

I 
!I 
I 
III 
I 

' ■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
ADHERE TO POSTCARD, PLEASE! 

San Antonio Express 
I 
The News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 7 1 

Moil lo 

Express and N e w . SWEEPSTAKES 
P O S o. 2 5 8 5 

San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 
A TIE N C IRCU LATIO N DEPT 

MV so c ia l u c u e r r v n u k b rd lit 
□ □ □ - □ □ - □ □ □ a 

□ 
YES 
□ 
NO 

Pleas* enter me in the 
SWEEPSTAKES and I would like to enter a subscription os indicated below for the nest 
9 o days 

Please enter me in the 
SWEEPSTAKES but_ I prefer not to order a subscription to the papers of this time 

NAME___ 

ADDRESS- 

C ITY ______ 

TELEPHONE____ 

APT 

 state____ 
ZIP— 

□ 
Please start delivery of the N ew s & Sunday G Please start delivery o f the Express 4 Sunday 

□ 
Please stort delivery of both Express and New s 

□ 
I om already a subscriber to the Express, please odd the N ew s M onday Friday to my subscription 

CD I am already a subscriber to the N ew s. please add the Express M onday Friday, >o my subscription 

! sIIII 
I 
I 

{ 

P a g e 
1 o D 
PEANUTS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 
MUTT and 

SBOW ME A, Gror THAT WONT TAKE. "NO* 
FOK AN ANSWER, ... 

AND I’LL GMOW ’ti*) A WOMAM WTM Z Z KIDS. 

--------------1 

" 
T i - 

DIDNT YOU Y !ln A T F "'W WHV DIDN'T you t e l l X 
NEIGHBOR^ 
ENJOY VOUK. y.A v ' 
I ME YOU WERE BEI NO \ WILL HEAR/COME IN­ 
SIDE AND LETO TALK 
T H IS D I IT I 

JUDGE PARKER 

1T'5 a pleasure th is IS MY UNCLE CHAPLES )TO MEET YOU. SIR' 
KASPER, JUDGE! HE JUST A - , , 
CAME INTO TOWN 
! J 
ON BUSINESS! jK T S > / / 

_ 
J P S 
•SM 

IT IS MY PLEASURE, YOUR HONOR! 
I'VE HEARD MANY WONDERFUL 
THINGS ABOUT YOU, StR .^fc-^ 

I HEAR HONEY 
ISLAND SOLD 
YOO SO M E LIFE 
IN S U R A N C E 

CAUSE EVERY T IM E 
SO M EBO D Y E ATS O N E 
OF F A R M E R BROVW N S 
CHICKENS, AH COLLECT 

V 

RED EYE 
MFY, eve r y b o d y/ 
I i t 's t h e u s n a e a s t e r e 6 <s 
T k i i i L 
- M 

4 -7 
— 

B.C. 

I THOUGHT HOU DERE 
( 
I U)A6.. 
J 

- — 
1............... ............. '^11 

THREE THOUSAND a r s : 
IN AU6U5TA PLAYING 
L 
_ 
J 
M A K E THE CUT! 
IN THE MASTERS... 
V s 
* 
7 7 a 
I 

I c V 
SS i o3A J' 
.Sa 
,fS^S • l "l 
\ 

THE W IZARD OF ID 
“ How come the Easter Bunny hides the eggs in the 

 some places every year?" 

“ Mr. Wilson says I’m the kid 

 most likely to!” 
“ He didn’t soy what...” 

A C R O S S 
55 Broke into droplets 
1 
Finn 
58 Racecourse 
5 Make quiet 
59 Few (F r) 
9 Indian 
6 o M ildew 
12 Safety agency 61 W ord on a 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 

13 Egg cell 
14 Encore 
15 Existed 
16 Hunters 
18 Native metal 
19 Zero 
2o Poplar 
21 Relatives 
23 W ater 
(pharm ) 
26 Cries 
29 Let go 
33 Shades 
34 Take notice 
3 6 Paper of indebtedness 
37 Ones (F r) 
38 Drones 

 towel 
62 Fast aircraft 
(a b b r) 
6 3 Many (prefix) 
64 Young lady 
(F r . abbr) 

DOWN 

24 Search 
25 Conjunction 
(G er) 

26 Horse command 

1 Tramp 
2 Addict 
3 Giving most back talk 
4 Sunflower state (a b b r) 

5 Arizona Indian 27 Follow the 
6 Palate part chase 
7 Over (prefix) 
2 8 Avoids 
3 9 Husk of wheat 8 Her Majesty's 3 o Commercial grain ship (abbr) 
4 o Reach 
9 Over (G e r) 
42 Grow molars 
IO Fatigue 
44 Nazi Rudolph 
1 1 Being (L a t) 

E s 
P 
I f 
S 
D 
O 
U 
S 
E fc s 
T 
A 
T 
E 
8 
E 
N 
G 
A 
L 
L t 
A 
G 
U 
E 
R 
A 
C 
H 
E 
I 
o 
D 
D 
A 
R JE 
o 
I 
L 
E 
E 
R 
I 
E 
U 
A 
R 
P 
L u s 
D 
E 
IN 
S 
N 
N 
E 
E 
L s 
A 
8 V 
T 
U 
R 
N 
S 
N 
U 
T 
L 
I 
K1 E 
T 
o 
U 
T 
E 
S 
E 
L 
A 
L o 
E 
L 
I 
E 
R 
E 
D 
I 
I 
S 
T 
S 
L_ I 
D 
L 
B s 
I 
N 
S 
E 
M 
P 
I 
R 
F 
O 
I 
I 
I 
E 
R 
P 
E 
E 
V 
E 
R s 
P 
A 
R 
T 
A 
A 
N 
T 
E 
D 
E 
S 
T 
E 
E 
M 

43 Vast period of 

 time 

45 Stink 

47 Chances 

48 American 

Indians 

49 Joint disease 

51 Vortex 

 flight (2 wds ) 53 Poet 

31 Ark builder 
Sandburg 

4 6 Over (poetic) 
47 Tremendous 
5 o Guys 
52 W ar hero 

32 Beach feature 54 Besides l l y°r™n State l l I™* meaSUre 56 Little devil 
19 Compass 
PO'OL, 
2 2 Th$re in office 

38 Run 
39 Apiary dw eller 
Garden for 

41 Throat- animals 

 clearing word 58 Electrical unit 

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1o 
11 

12 
13 
14 

15 
16 
17 

18 
19 rn 

2o 

21 
22 
II 

24 
25 

26 
27 as ■ 

29 
3o 
31 
32 

33 

 i ■ 

35 n 

36 

37 
M 

38 
■ 
39 

4o 
41 
■I 

43 

44 
45 ■4r 
47 
48 
49 
5o 
51 
■32 

53 
54 

55 
56 
57 
58 

59 
6o 
6' 

62 
63 
54 
/% 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666: 

A C R O S S p arts 
, 
4 7 M is s Lillie 
1 N o rw e g ia n s 4 8 V e tc h used 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 
Friday’s Puzzle Solved: 

 neig hbo r 
6 L o se fre s h n e s s 
IO J u s t go ne by 
1 4 W a lk in g a id s 
1 5 S a c r e d — 
: 
A fric a n bird 
1 6 V id e — 
S e e b efore 
1 7 G ro w n -u p p erso n 
1 8 B ritish 
C o lu m b ia re s id e n t 
2 o G re e k 

 as fo ra g e 
SO B alefu l 
5 2 K itc h e n ite m s: 2 w o rd s 
5 6 O n e playin g a p a rt 
5 7 S ch o o l s u b jec t: 
• a bbr. 
5 8 O f N a C I 
6 o Illu m in atio n s o u rc e 
6 3 A d v an tag e of a sort 
6 5 point: 
C e n te r of a d m in is tra tiv e in te re s t division g o N u m e ric a l 

 p refix 
6 7 And e ls e w h e re . 
2 w o rd s 
6 8 In s id e of: 
P refix 
6 9 S u m m ers , in 
F ra n c e 
7 o R ejec t 
71 L ite ra ry w o rk 

-L. 
' 
T p I 
A 
N o’f Ih J a IlIT I 
►' o a a ' z L M 
F 
R 
□ f l a n 
A_? A 

” 
S 
R 
M a"N a a a t a 
T o s 
E_ s’ 
o r" A r u a a 

. . J 
T 
E 
N a 
S ' T r 3 FTa u c 
A 
R 
L 
I 
FT E s 
T 
A 7 7 
o 7 
D 
A ta 
o r 
N --T 
"s A 
N 
D 
I T T u a 
o 
L 
o 
I 
N 
G 
E □ 
D i i p" E s 
'n7Tp ’ 

. . . J 
A rn L 
P" E r 
I 7T N ™ 
■r oL’-’j D m 
_A P 
R 
E r r c 
A 
L ll HI 
Q 
R 
L T 
E N 
V I 
_c 
E_ 
o u 3 
I 
R 
I 
D 
E 
I 
V 
A JN 
T L 
L L N 
-L V 
E s 
T J _N _D 
7 E T z 
E 
E 
N 
T 

21 M o re d e s ira b le 
2 2 M a n ’s n ic k n a m e 
2 3 P rin c ip le of good c o n d u c t 
2 5 D e b a te rs 
2 7 W e n t q u ic k ly 
3 o P o s e d for an a rtis t 
31 R o a rin g 
T w e n tie s , e g 
3 2 M a n of La 
M a n c h a 
3 4 L airs 
3 8 S m all c h ild ren 
4 o Flogging le a th e r strip 
4 2 C o m p le te ly true 
4 3 E q u in e 
4 5 L a teral r r n 

D O W N 

1 M a rin e fish 
2 W a lk in w a te r 
3 C oun t 
4 E ras e 
5 A pprox cost 
6 N ic k e l 2 w o rd s 
7 ‘‘I t 's - — of a ll right" 

8 S a y in g s 
9 C h e m ic a l c o m p o u n d s 
1 o E q u al to o t­ ing 

11 H e rb a c e o u s plant 
12 S e rie s of s tep s 
1 3 T a k e s c a re of 
1 9 H e a rt for one 

21 V e h ic le s : 
In fo rm a l 
2 4 P o s s e s s e s 
2 6 C h ie f O u ra y fo llo w ers 
2 7 B e c o m e s fixed 
2 8 P ro c e ed rap id ly 
2 9 A D ay 
3 3 In a brig ht m an n er 
3 5 T a k e s aw ay 
3 6 C o rn e r In ­ form al 
3 7 D ry up 

3 9 O o ze 
41 B ritish m oney 
4 4 Im p u ritie s 
4 6 Be in s e s ­ sion 
4 9 Put into w o rd s 
51 L e g is la to rs 
5 2 S ie rra 
N e v a d a lake 
5 3 S e le c t for an o ffic e 
5 4 T yp e s ize 
5 5 F in e ­ g ra in e d rock 
5 9 P a k is ta n ’s neig hbo r 
61 Tim 
— 
:N Y 
G ia n ts V IP 
6 2 Fun 
6 4 D o n ts ’ o p ­ posite 
6 5 In te rje c tio n of shock 

 i J 

2o 

27 
2& 

43 

123 
24 

8 

3? 

NO 

N j 

29 

25 

33 

|3o 

 l l 

 ll 
12 i i 

|,4 
■ 
26 

NS 

52 
53 
54 

I T " 
■r n z r ~ 

66 

69 

5o 

59 

34 

46 

|4? 

D 6 

■ 67 

NO 

35 
36 
37 

[47 

6o 

Alcohol affects diabetes 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I have low blood sugar. Should I try to cut down on alcohol consumption? A friend of mine is diabetic and it has become a no-no for her. Low blood sugar is just the opposite from dia­ betes, as I understand it, so it doesn’t make sense for me to have to cut back on drinking. Please straighten me out. — G.F. 
Medical logic doesn’t work that way. 
Alcohol must he used very carefully, if at all, by both diabetics and those with low blood sugar (hy­ poglycemia). The fact that one has too much sugar in the blood and the other not enough makes no difference. The im ­ portant fact is that alco­ hol disturbs the correct su g ar balanced which both the hypoglycemic person and the diabetic must control. One actual- cause of hypoglycemia! is some persons is alco-i hoi consumption.. 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
In your reply on anemia you mention the cause as being poor diet, loss of blood, blood poison­ ing, bone m arrow dis­ turbances, etc. 
I suffer from anemia and have recently been in the hospital. Why is it that several doctors have mentioned it can be caused by arthritis, but none ever puts it down in writing on reports? Can it be caused by arthritis? — M.M. 
Arthritis 

Eighty per cent of persons with rheumatoid arth­ ritis m ay have a form of anemia. Ju st why this happens is not clear. There is no apparent cause- and-effect relationship. The anemia doesn’t appear to affect the course of the disease either way. One authority suggests that iron supplements are per­ haps worth a try. improvement would be more apt to occur in women. 
In medical reports the primary disease is usually the one noted. Listing of the expected secondary disorders is not necessary. For example, weight loss, enlargem ent of glands and fever are other symptoms associted with rheumatoid arthritis, but may not be listed. 

If you had pernicious anemia (a primary disease by itself) or any major disorder of the blood-forming system, they would be listed in the report. 
The aspirin therapy, used widely with rheumatoid arthritis, may contribute to anemia by promtoting bleeding. For a more detailed explanation of arthri­ tis and control methods see my booklet on the sub­ ject (35 cents and a stamped, self-addressed enve­ lope to me care of this newspaper). 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Will sitting on a cold stone wall harm you or cause constipation? — P.A. 
No harm if you don't mind the coldness or hard­ ness. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Do you recom m end skin- planning to remove scars left by acne? — Miss E.T. 
The success of this treatment (called derm abra­ sion) depends on the depth of the scars. With skillful use some scars can be helped and disguised quite effectively, but guarantees are not offered. 
I have reports of both good and indifferent results. 
See a dermatologist and ask for a frank evaluation. 
He will be able to predict with some accuracy just how much the procedure can be expected to help in your case. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Is a headache to be expected after a spinal tap? — H D. 
Yes, you can expect a mild headache, but it is not inevitable. 
Vitamins 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Is there anyway of knowing when you are g ettin g too m uch vitam in supplements? —- Mrs. H. 
All you need do is find a listing of normal daily needs.' You’ll find that in just about any book dealing generallv with vitam ins. If what you are taking exceeds this, then you are getting too much, and either your pocketbook or your health is the loser 

The A and D in excess may cause noticeable reactions. More than 5o,ooo international units of A can cause loss of appetite, hair loss, yellowness and itching of skin. Excess of D can cause fatigue, hea­ dache, nausea and high calcium levels in the blood. 

Low blood sugar is often the cause of faintness, headaches, visual and emotional distrurbances. To learn how it can be identified and brought'under control, write to Dr. Thosteson, in care of this newspaper, for o copy of 
Help for Hypoglycemia,-' enclosing a long self-addressed, stamped envelope and 35 cents 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 
Page I I D 

JEANE DIXON S 
HOROSCOPE 
FOR SUNDAY 

YOUR 
BIRTHDAY 
SUNDAY: You now- get used to c u rre n t and probable future difficul­ ties or lim itatio ns, r e ­ solve, to find ways of pushing p ast them . A virogous start is followed by a sustained slow-but- steady period. Relation­ ships are active, chan­ geable, ventuful. Today’s natives love adventure, occasionally m eet up with situations that only sacrifice can save. Those born this y ear will be restless, pursue goals in a freew heeling style, with strange, at tim es beautiful results. 

ARIES (March 21-April 19): 
From a fine s ta rt this special 
S-undav w an e s to less th a n hoped. Exaggerated claim s scale down abruptly Focus energy on keeping a good public image 
TAURUS (April 2o-Mav 2o): 
Promote only your own spiritual evolvement. Business done now is at a d is a d v a n ta g e . Peoole change th e ir m inds or stick to outmoded habits, thoughts. 
G E M IN I (M ay 21-June 2o): 
K eep y o u r sense of d ig n ity despite blowups, or focus on the absurdity of current events, their repercussions. Regard all as a humorous art, learn from it. 
CANCER (June 21-July 22): 
Social or business a c tiv ity is 

 m arred by dissent. Use tim e for higher things; you can't afford to waste a m inute 
Refresh you spirit in sensible diversions 
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): 
How well are you attending to basic needs? Have th e h u m ility to realize you can't cover evervth ing Let all concerned in on what they must know to help out. 
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): 
Get-rich-auick schemes abound for both sm all and ve ry large operations. Refuse the pressure of figuring out financing, other details of am bitious projects. 
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): path smooths before you; take few tentative steps. Noncommit ta i a c tiv it y , h a v in g fu n favored. Tour yo ur home, make sure it s free of hazards 
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): 
Accepting criticism in the way ifs intended tokes exceptional objectivity, a kindly view of the person offe rin g it. H eadstrong people won t co-operate. 
SAGITTARIUS (NOV. 22-Dec 
21): 
Positive action appropriate to the nature of your problems takes slight change. Get sound advice on physical health care nutrition. Order supplies. 
C A P R IC O R N (D ec. 22-Jan 
19): lf you accept group rule see your proposals go bv unim plemented. you eventually get showdown, lf you bicker on each detail, not an inch is gained 
AQUARIUS (Jan. 2o-Feb. 18): 
Confidential plans collapse with out warning. Stay in character pick up the pieces, ride out the scene. The sooner you can take off and rest the better. 
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 2o): 
K eeping e v e ry b o d y ’s a ffa ir separate ranges from d ifficu lt to impossible. Sympathies lead you to promise help under conditions beyond your control. 

GET YODP lEt^W.PCSD, AND 
WE'LL GO FOP A WALK 

MOMMA 
7 

( 
Sorry to be 
J 

 so long... y jS 

o 
-Ic 
H u t i r _ 
TA 

DOONESBURY 

VEAH. RIZZO, 
T I 
THIS/SSaXBTARY f I PROP 
PELACQUKT. I NEBO i t I ROOM, 
A FAVOR FROM 
■Z 
RIZZO TOU BV NEXT 
* —*i HERB! 
WEEK.. 

THEBo9S/5 GOING TD HAVE A HU­ 
MAN RJ6UT5 BANQUET, AND WE'RE 
GOING TD NEED SOME TROPHIES. I 
THINK THOSE LITTLE PLASTIC AND 
WOOD JOB8IES WILL DO FINE, B U TI 
WANT SOMETHING APPROPRIATE TD 
STREW ON TOP. 

WELL, LETS SEE WHAT 
I ve oot here., i 've 
OUT A UTHE GOLFER.. 
NO. 
, UM,. AN EA6LE-JUSTICE 
NO- 
HOLDING UP HER SCAUES.. WHAT 
VICTOR/WTTH A LAUREL 
ELSE ? 

FINE! PERFECT! 
HOW ABOUT 
NOW, I W A tfi 
A LITTLE 6UV THE INSCRJP- j STRUGGLING 
HON TD BE 
WITH HIS 
SOMETHING 
CHAINS ? 
FROM GANDHI., 
B i 
I 

MARY WORTH 

MISS PEACH 
V P Z T H W Z 
A A N T 2 TO 9 E A 

 m i l l i o n a i r e w h e n h e 
\UP ? 

 yg£, 
\ 
/ 
ARTH, I*, TC BE A aa 'GS p e a c h, 
\ m i l l i o n a i r e , yt h 
3 wg th in k s- 
, k e e p m o n e y a k o h E C A K O C IT j 
4 T C C K & , 3 C k O E > , 
W ITH O U T 
/ 
G>EC\tfC\ T IE ^ 
ZB4CIUteat! A AKD4C fS^TH/ 

 r f w "j 
<- ■— cs 
J ? 
CFEsSaC 

N£>N!£EN}£E ■ 
A K E A L 
Mi U LIA N A I K E 
DOESN'T K E E P 
PRCP* 

To hove your p ro b le m toit e d or a ques­ tion a n sw eredi write Action-Express, i*A). 
Box 2 1 7 1 , San Antonio, TA 78.297. 

H eights road plans 

When the North Expressway was being planned, there was a lot of fuss and shouting over the widening of Tuxedo Drive in Alamo Heights to carry traffic from the North Expressway to Broadway. 
Well, you recently said they were going to put a traffic light at that intersection where traffic will come off the expressway. 
My question, since your item reminded me of the earlier debate, what is going to happen there, if anything, besides the traffic signal? 
Are they going to widen Tuxedo or what? 
And what happened to the opposition? 
MILLIE 

The widening is still in the works. 
There will still he a chance, for people to pro­ test the plan, hut because the City of Alamo Heights supports it, it doesn t really look Uke it will do much good to object. 
The State Department of Highways and Public 
Transportation is work­ ing with the City of Ala­ mo Heights on a six-lane extravaganza through that area. 
Four of the lanes (two in each direction) will link the North Express­ way to 
Nacogdoches 
Road paralleling Tuxedo 
Drive. A later link from the Nacogdoches Road connection to Broadway will have to he done in conjunction with the City of San Antonio. 
The other two lanes will he a residential frontage road, separate from the highway link and will provide a sort of side street access to peo­ ple whose homes now face Tuxedo. 
Part of that plan in­ cludes a concrete and wire barrier between the. frontage road and the new four-lane express­ way link. Alamo Heights officials said there isn t 

 much room there, but the divider will be as attrac­ tive as possible and will help reduce noise from the traffic on the four- lane street. 
The four-lane road will dogleg at Nacogdoches and there will be another sort of frontage road for people whose ga ra g es, and backyards now front on Nacogdoches. 
E n -’ gineers are already bard at work on the plan and it will he unveiled in about four months, we were told. 
Then there will he a public bearing on the plan, hut our impression is this will merely be a pro forma matter — meaning the public hear­ ing is required, hut ob­ jections and suggestions made at the hearing will actually have little or no effect on the final plan. 
Construction bids will then be advertised and contracts will be award­ ed and in about six months from now con­ struction should be under way and that is when the traffic signals will get installed at the Tuxedo, 
Jones-Maltsberger, De- vine and Basse intersec­ tion, arid not before, we were told. 

H em isFair m odel 

When HemisFair ‘HS first opened, there was a very large scale model of the entire grounds. 
I am now curious what happened to it 
It seems like it should have been a nice thing to keep as a memento of our World’s Fair. 
I hope it hasn’t been destroyed. Do you know if it is stored somewhere or on display? 
GEORGE GARVEY 

The model of Hemis­ 
Fair, as they say, proba­ bly belongs to the ages. 
A check with several people at City Hall and 
HemisFair Plaza drew a blank as to the ultimate disposition of the large scale model of the colorful and hustling world's fair. 

 niece a 
$4o,ooo 
17-foot-tail steel sculp­ ture mysteriously van­ ished after HemisFair closed (it was later dis­ covered cut up and used as tool boxes in the City 

Public Works yard, one can only imagine the fate of less formidable objects such as the cardboard and wooden model of the fair grounds. 
San Antonio was pro­ bably lucky the Conven­ tion Center was left in­ tact. lf anyone out there knows what happened to the model, we’ll be glad to let the readers know. 
The one man who proba­ bly knew, Jim Gaines, has since died. 
But maybe someone else knows. 

Ivory carver? 

Some years ago we bought our son an ivory chess set in Egypt. A pawn has been lost. 
We are interested in having another piece made in ivory or even plastic. 
Can you give me information about artisans who may be able to duplicate this small piece? 
MRS BETTY B. 
MARBLE FALLS 
Okay, we checked a couple of places and didn’t have any luck. 
But maybe there are some ivory carvers out there. Since raw ivory is not plentiful in this area, you may have to buy some small ivory trinket about the same size as the pawn and have so­ meone who knows how to carve it, make It into a 

 new pawn for you. Let’s see if anyone out there can help you. 
We ask if you have the information to help this person, drop it to us on a post card, do not call as our desk is not staffed through the weekend. 
We have a couple of other suggestions lf there aren’t any ivory carvers out there. 

Easter services 

Are there any sunrise E aster services in San 
Antonio? I used to live in Seattle and they had beautiful services there. Is there anything like that here? 
MRS. W. E. 

You can take your pick from among several 
Easter sunrise services. 
There is everything from nondenominational to in­ terdenominational San 
Antonio Easter services. 

Check the church page 

 in today’s paper for de­ tails in church news about the services. Nu­ m erous churches will also be running adver­ tisements telling of their 
Easter services and many of them have sun­ rise services. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 9 1977 
Birthday party is meeting highlight 

Com. Albert Bustamante’s in­ formal breakfast-type birthday party Friday wrapped up an otherwise uneventful Commis­ sioners Court meeting. 

A prelude to the Easter Weekend, the party featured a buffet table laden with foods ranging from tamales and flour tortillas with chorizo to old-fa­ shioned birthday cake. 

He claims he’s 29, give or take a few years bu* adds a wink and a laugh. 

The party also featured Bexar Coun­ ty Courthouse officials, ranging from deputy clerks in Bist. Clerk Elton 
Cude's office to assistant district at­ torneys and Bist. Atty. Bill White. 

Also on hand were most of the district and county court judges and many of the rank-and-file county em­ ployes. 
City Councilman Richard Teniente, a long-time friend, also came by. 
Fellow commissioners came, too, but County Judge Blair Reeves had been officially excused to start a Gulf coast weekend visit a little early. 
In the only major business of its meeting, Commissioners Court auth­ orized application for a $256,o12 grant to cover one-year operation of a new major offense bureau in the district attorney’s office. 
That unit will focus attention on ha­ bitual criminals, getting them off the streets by going after speedier prose­ cutions and longer term convictions, according to the grant application. 

DR. PET ER O’CONNOR 
. . . new dean 

Academic dean named at IWC 

Br. Peter D. O’Connor of Oswego, N.Y., will become the new academic dean of incarnate Word 
College effective June I. 
The announcement was made Friday by IWC 
President Sister Margaret Patrice Slattery. 
O'Connor will replace interim dean Br. Larry 
Hufford who served in the post for the past year and will return to the history and political science department. 
O’Connor is associate professor of English at the 
State University College in Oswego. He also has taught on the secondary and elementary school level. 
At the State University, O’Connor has served as chairman of the faculty association and directed the summer abroad program and graduate studies in 
English. 
He also has served as a visiting professor at 
Jefferson Community College and the University of 
Puerto Rico. 

McManus trial jury selection may set record 

A future part o f beauty 

O n a precarious balance, one of the barges for the April I 8 Fiesta 
River Parade is lowered into the San Antonio River at the St. M a ry ’s 
Street Bridge Friday. The barges will be decorated once they are on the water. Theme for this year s parade, sponsored by the Texas 
Cavaliers, is “ M onday Night at the M ovies.” — Staff Photo by 
Tarky Tarsikes 

Houston (ap) — A 
Harris County record will be set Monday as jury selection for the Vernon 
McManus capital murder trial enters its sixth week. 

One juror remains to be selected in the case in which Mc-Manus, 33, is charged with conspiring with a Baytown woman to murder her parents for a share of their estate. 

The bodies of Paul 
Cantrell, 51, a prosperous 
Baytown electrical contractor, and his wife, 
Mary , 47, were found in their home last July 25. 
Investigators said they had been bound and strangled and then their throats had been slashed. 

Paula Cantrell Derese, 
27, the daughter, also was charged with capital murder and is awaiting sentencing. She abruptly entered a plea of guilty 
Jan. 
24 to reduced charges of murder after a trial jury had been selected over a 12-day period on the capital charges. 

Mrs. Berese is expect­ ed to be a star prosecu­ tion witness in the trial of 
McManus, for whom she formerly worked as a secretary at a Baytown 

 plywood firm. 

By the time the fifth week of jury selection was completed Thurs­ day, lawyers had ques­ tioned 11o prospective jurors. 

The county record of five weeks for jury selec­ tion was set for the Ge­ rald 
Bodde capital murder trial that ended in January with a death penalty. 

Prosecutors and defense lawyers in the 
McManus case, however, already have spent more time on jury selection than was the case with the lawyers involved in the Bodde trial. 

State Dist. Court Judge 
Ban Walton limited jury selection for the Bodde trial to about four hours a 

 day so as to permit him to handle other cases on his docket. 

In the McManus case, however, a visiting judge is handling the regular docket for state Bist. 
Court 
Judge 
I. 
D. 
McMasters. 
All parties in. the 
McManus case have been placed under a gag rule and McMasters had only a brief comment when asked about the record time it was taking to select the jury'. 

“ Believe me, we aren’t out to set any records,” he said. 

Once the twelfth juror is selected, McMasters is expected to turn his at­ tention to a defense mo­ tion for a change of venue because of prejudicial pretrial publicity. 

Mental patient injuries probed 

BEDDING PLANTS 

 by Scientific Farms Greenhouses 
See real quality at good pricesl 
SPECIALS: 
• All Bedding Plants at 454 Per Tray 
• Large Futura Impatiens at 5o4 each 
• Low prices on All Hanging Plants 
OPEN 7 DAYS 
1o418 Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
(Turn at sign next to Longhorn Cem ent; n e x t door to United Discount Furniture) 

Homicide detectives plan to question a mental patient Saturday about head injuries allegedly received while at the San 
Antonio State Hospital. 
The 37-year-old man 

Store will abide by ruling 

A local furniture store has agreed to discontinue selling practices Texas 
Atty. Gen. John Hill has termed deceptive. 
Hill filed an assurance of voluntary compliance in the case against LEB. 
Inc., a corporation doing business here as Bledsoe 
Furniture Co., 315 E. 
Commerce St. 
An LFB, Inc. officer signed the assurance do­ cument. 
According to the com­ pliance document, 
Bledsoe advertised liqui­ dation sales without ac­ tually going out of busi­ ness and advertised spe­ cial lower prices when, in fact, the prices had not been reduced. 
The action was brought under the deceptive trade practices section of the state’s Consumer Protec­ tion Act. 
Voluntary compliance is not an admission of illegal violations, how­ ever, the document notes. 

 was admitted in poor condition at Bexar Coun­ ty Hospital shortly after midnight Friday with what a hospital spokes­ man said was a concussion. 
State Hospital Bir. Br. 
Robert Inglis said the incident occurred about 
IU p.m. Thursday when the sleeping patient re­ portedly fell out of bed. 
The man was then ta­ ken to the San Antonio 
Chest Hospital before be­ ing transferred to Bexar 
County Hospital, Br. 
Inglis said. 
Lt. Bave Keene of the 
SAPB homicide bureau said he wants the inci­ dent investigated further. 

Chaplain to lecture 

The Rev. Baltkasar 
Janacek, chaplain at Our 
Lady of the Lake Univer­ sity, will speak on “ Old 
Spanish 
Missions: 
A 
Heritage for All Ameri­ cans” at 3 p.m. Saturday in the Main Library Au­ ditorium at OLLU. 

His talk will be the first in a series of library talks co-sponsored by the 
Office of Continuing 
Education at OLLU, and the San Antonio Public 
Library. 

The public is invited to attend the free lecture. 

From FIS H E R S : 
A so fa th a t’s b ed d er 

Q u e e n -s iz e sleepers from $ 3 9 9 . 

An elegant sofa-sleeper is the perfect way to beautify your home providing for your guests’ comfort. And these sleepers are truly as beautiful as they are functional. Select from a variety of styles and fabrics; only a few are illustrated here. Come to Fisher’s today and choose yours! 

^-Treasures of the Orients 

S e n sa tio n a l “ objects d ’ a r t ” from 
China, p e rs o n a lly se le cte d b y H erb 

 an d Lucille Fish er. 

Redecorate your outdoors 

Kirby Landscaping 

Tim bers 

• Versatile • Long-lasting • Practical 
• Pressure treated with Wolman" salts to resist termites, fungus and decay. 
• Easily installed • Maintenance-free 

Timbers and Planning Kits available at retail lumber dealers 

 or cai) Kirby Lum ber Corporation 713/659-1421 

IO ” hand crafted glass flower cluster in ceramic pot. 
Usual 
U.S. price 
$62.5o. 
A ^ „ 
Fisher direct 
A C 
^import price . dm I e • 

USE OUR 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

2 piece sectional with queen size sleeper. Upholstered in handsome Herculon. Loose pillow backs, arm bolsters. 
Reg. $919. $ " ¥ ** C 
Save $184. 
/ 

IMMEDIATE 
DELIVERY 
FROM STOCK 

Open Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 

(Closed Sundays) 

Phone 824-o575 

 i i 
' i i 
* 

"distinctive home furnishings 

 o f san antonio 
145o N.E. Loop 41o 

1(r 

-vy 

SAVE ALL WEEKEND! w w w w w w w w w w w w w w 
T 
“ 
“ 
T t 
“ 
T 
O SANVO £ 

CASSETTE RECORDER £ 

* 
* 
* 
* 

JENSEN 
4-way, woofer, controls tweeter midrange. yr. 
Parts 

15” with for 
& 
5 
6 labor 
W ar­ ranty. 
LIST 269.95 
SAVE 
ONLY 
199.77 

Tilt DEMAND SPEAKER 
UTAH-DX IOO 

45 WATTS RMS, 3 WAY 

WITH IO" WOOFER 
99.88 
5 YR. PARTS, 
LABOR WARR. 

MT-613o 
FISHER 
TURNTABLE - WITH AUDIO-TECHNICA 
AT-12S Cartridge, Strobe, Direct 
Drive, 
Auto. Stop. 
199.67 

PIONEER UNDERDASH CASSETTE 

KP 

2 5 o 99.77 

BOMAN IN DASH AM-FM CASSETTE 
68.88 

M O D . 
133o 

FT-817 
SANYO MINI 8 TRACK 

Separate volume A 
■■ 

Tone, Lighted Pro- 
J 
H 
J 
J 

_ r o m ce|etjor 
% o \o 
% J g 

^ 
S A N Y O 

RD8o2o 
8-TRACK RECORDER 
2 VU METERS, ONE /ALL 
AUTO STOP, FAST FWD, 

PAUSE 
99.77 

 rr* 
Fisher 

CASSETTE RECORDER 

“STUDIO STANDARD" 

Professional Front Load Dolby 
Cassette, 
3-Head 
Separate 
VU Meter. 
CR-511o 

SUNDAY 

PEDRO 
STORE 
3 - 1 wM 
SAN 
OPEN 
SATURDAY 
9A.M.-6PJI. 

6624 SAN PfDRO 

(N IX! IO PIZZA HUT) 
8 2 4 - 7 2 9 6 

MARBACH PLAZA 

(Military Dr W at Marbach Rd ) 
6 7 4 - 7 5 2 3 

MARBACH 

TERMS 

I-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------""---------------’” 
7 ” __________ ------------------------------------------------------------------ 

S a t u r d a y 
Dan Cook 
% 
( l f t e r 
. 
NAEF Rankings 
E x p r e s s - \ ( ‘w s 
 b o r M T " ^ M m - 

| 
S a tu rd a y April 9 
1 9 7 7 _________ 
H 
P a g e 
I -E 

Washington win have a green light with S.A. 

Vt ho w ill be Lee 
Roy Jordan's re­ placement ai mid­ dle linebacker for tile 
Dallas 
Cowboys? 

You can find the 

W atson, Funseth si tare Masters lead 

 ift * 
-: 

RO D FUNSETH taps hom e a putt on the I 8th green during second round of M asters play ap p h o t o 
T O M W A T SO N w atches as his shot rims the cup on the fifth hole 
AP PHOTO 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
AUGUSTA, Ga. — Tom Watson and Rod Funseth shared the lead after the second round Friday of the 41st Masters golf tournament 
Watson, the season’s leading money-winner despite last-round collapse that have cost him titles in his last two starts scranbled to a 69. 
The veteran Funseth birdied four holes in a row on the way to a five- under-par 67. 
They were tied at 139. five under par for two trips over the famed Augusta 
National Golf Club course. 
Both insisted they aren ’t yet consi­ dering the possibility of winning the first of the season's four major tests of golfing greatness. 
Means a lot 
“ It would mean a lot,” said Watson. a former British Open champion. “ But at this stage, I’m not thinking about winning. Ju st playing one shot at a tim e.” 
Funseth, a 44-year-old who has won tw ice in 17 y ears of tour activ ity , shrugged off his chances. 
“ They probably don’t have a green jacket that would fit me, anyhow,” he said. 
Hubert Green and old pro Don Jan­ uary, who were 1-2 at the end of 18 holes, each encountered their diffi­ culties under the hot Southern sun that sent tem peratures into the 8os. 
Green followed his opening 67 with a 
74 and was two shots off the pace at 
141. 
His biggest problem came on the par three 12th hole. He put his tee shot into a bunker, blew it across the green into a pond, had to drop back in the bunker, just got that one out and then holed a 
25-foot putt for a double bogey. 
“ I didn’t know how to play the shot.” he said of his buried lie in the bunker. 
“ I shouldn’t have played it. It’s stupid to practice in a major championship.” 
January, at 47 the self-styled “ Old 
Folks” of the tour who is suffering from a chronic back ailm ent, moved slowly, painfully, to a four-over-par 76 that left him at 145. 
Bill K ratzert, a powerful, unawed 
24-year-old rookie and perhaps the best of the young men who have moved into a dominant position this year, and Ben 
Crenshaw were at 14o, only one shot off the lead. Crenshaw shot a 69. 
Green, slump-shouldered little South 

Spurs can clinch hom e court edge 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 

O f THE eXPHESS-NEWS STAFF 
HARTFORD, Conn. - The 
NBA helps those who help themselves. For the Spurs, it is that simple. 

San Antonio needs to win one of its final two regular season gam es this weekend to clinch the home court ad­ vantage for the first round of th e playoffs. 
They face the Celtics at the Hartford 
Civic C enter Saturday at 6:3o p.m . 
CST, then travel to Milwaukee for a 
Sunday night gam e against the Bucks. 
The Spurs’ path to the fourth-best record in the Eastern Confer­ ence and, therefore, the home advantage, is the sim plest. They have 36 losses, Cleve­ land 37 and Boston 38. 
They are not depen­ dent on any team for 
GROSSMAN help. One win does it and that, as they say, is the bottom line. 
The Cavs play Detroit at home Sa­ turday, and close their season with a 
Sunday m atinee at Boston. Two Spur losses and two Cav trium phs would give Cleveland fourth. 
The C elts m ust win th eir two re ­ maining gam es while hoping the Spurs lose to Milwaukee. If that happened and the Cavs beat Detroit Saturday, th ere would be a three-w ay tie for fourth, each with a 44-38 mark. 
If that happens, Boston would finish 

Astros win, 3-2, on Ferguson’s HR 

HOUSTON (AP) — Joe Ferguson, one of four newcom ers in Houston’s s ta rtin g line-up, blasted a leadoff home run in the lith inning Friday night to give the Astros a 3-2 season- opening victory over the A tlanta 
Braves. 
Ferguson connected off Bob John­ son, who made the Atlanta club as a free agent in spring training and re- 

✓ BOX SCONE* Pilf!*’ it; 

 lieved starter Andy Messersmith in the 
1oth. 
A tlanta’s Jeff Burroughs, obtained from the T exas R angers for five players during the winter, blasted a two-run homer off J.R. Richard in his first National League at-bat in the first inning to give the Braves a quick lead. 

The Astros tied it on a sacrifice fly by Jose Cruz in the first inning and a run-scoring double by Willie Crawford in the sixth. 
The Braves missed a chance to win it in the seventh when they loaded the bases with two out but Richard struck out Rowland Office on a full-count pitch' to end the threat. 
The Astros missed a chance in the eighth when Bob Watson tripled with two out but Crawford flied out to end the inning. 

Monroe finished 

NEW YORK (AP) - New' York 
Knicks guard Earl Monroe will miss the last two gam es of the regular season because of a badly sprained right ankle, the Knicks said Friday. 

IMM I UMI- l l ....................... I ----------------------------------------------- 

T V - R a d i o L o g 

TELEVISION 
Saturday ll a.m. (Ch. 4) — Ara Parseghian’s Sports. 
Noon (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 
12:15 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Major League Baseball: Mil­ waukee Brewers vs. New York Yankees. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) - Pro Bowlers Tour: The $75,ooo 
Fair Lanes Open from Fair Lanes Springfield in 
Springfield, Va. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 5) — Masters Golf: Third Round. 
3:15 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Major League Baseball: Cin­ cinnati Reds vs. San Diego Padres. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 12) - ABC’s Wide World of Sports: 
“ Inside Attica Prison with the Harlem Globetrot­ ters”; World Professional Skiing Championships. 
6 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Wrestling. 
6:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — San Antonio Spurs vs. Boston 
Celtics. 
7:3o p.m. (Ch. 9) - The Way It Was: “ Black 
B aseball: The History of the Negro Baseball 
Leagues.” 
9 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Boxing from Mexico. 

Sunday 
11:45 a.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) - NBA Basketball: Philadel­ phia ’76ers vs. Washington Bullets. 
I p.m. (Ch. 4) — Major League Baseball: Texas 
Rangers vs. Baltimore Orioles. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 12) — U.S. Boxing Championships. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing Highlights. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — American Sportsman: Redd 
Foxx and ontdoorsman Grits Gresham hunt phea­ sant in Washington; a group of rock clim bers attempt to climb the sea cliffs of Wales. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 5) — M asters Tournament: Final 
Round. 
3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — ABC’s Wide World of Sports: 
Mojave Desert Motorcycle Race in Southern Cali­ fornia; World Table Tennis Championships from 
Birmingham, England; World Skateboard Cham­ pionships from Carlsbad, Calif. 

RADIO 
Saturday 
6 p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — San Antonio Spurs vs. 
Boston Celtics. 
9 p.m. woai, 12oo) — Houston Astros vs. Atlanta 
Braves (delayed broadcast). 

Sunday 
1:5o p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Houston Astros vs. 
Atlanta Braves. 
7:3o p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — San Antonio Spars vs. 
Milwaukee Bucks. 

 then I’ll probably keep giving them a green light to go.” 
Washington stole 29 . 41. 26. 56 and 
21 bases in five seasons in the Kansas 
City Royals’ chain. Last year was his first with the Dodgers and he swiped just 15. 
“ I’d rather be on my own.” asserted 
Washington who played third base last season at W aterbury, Conn. “ I’m going to explore the possiblities until they tell me I can’t havethegreen light. I want to show them I can do the job. 
“ Kansas City gave me freedom to do what I wanted on the bases,” he said, 
“ but with the Dodgers I have to wait for a signal. I like my freedom .” 
A catcher when he signed with Kan­ sas City in 1971, W ashington is not overjoyed about coming to San Antonio after batting .294 with IO trip les at 
W aterbury. 
“ I felt like I did the job last year and d eserv ed to go to AAA 
(A lbu­ q u e rq u e ),” he said. “ But I’m here now. I’m just trying to do the job I have to do to get there. I don’t plan to stay a full y^ar here.” 
W ashington, who lives in New' Or­ leans, played winter ball in the Arizona 
In stru c tio n a l League and stole 15 bases. He also had personal instruction 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS ST AFE 

VERO BEACH, Fla. - San 
Antonio’s newest speed m er­ chant wants a green light and the Dodgers plan to give it to him. 

Rom W ashington, who will be San 
A ntonio’s s ta rtin g sh o rtsto p next 
Tuesday night in the Texas League opener at Midland, says the organiza­ tion has stymied his potential on the bases paths last year by not allowing him to steal at his discretion. 
San Antonio Manager Don “ Ducky” 
LeJohn said he intends to give the go sign to Washington and Art Fischetti, w ho stole 83 bases last year at Danville in the 
Midwest League. Fis­ chetti, who probably w ill start at third base in the opener, had a green light last summer. 
“ I’m thinking se r­ iously about giving them the green light,” said LeJohn. “ In fact 
BROYLES if they don’t abuse it then I will. If they run like they should and not foolishly 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— S a t u r d a y April 9 1977 
NBA assigning two standby refs to all games 

By MARK ASHER w a s h i n g t o n p o s t SfcRvtCE 

WASHINGTON - The National Bas­ ketball Association has been assigning two standby referees to all league games since Tuesday night in reaction to a strike vote Monday by 24 of the league’s 26 regular officials. 

John Nucatola, XRA supervisor of officials, told The Washington Post 
Service the league is drawing from a 
3o-man pool of minor-league referees, and a group of umpires that was trained by the NBA but dropped when the league abandoned a plan to use three officials per game this season. 
Spurs play Celts 

Continued from Page IE fourth. San Antonio fifth and Cleveland sixth. That is because Boston and the 
Spurs both would have won 22 confer­ ence games (Cleveland has won 19), the first step in breaking a three-way tie, but the Celts have a better division record (9-7 to 9-11), the next step. 
Ironically, the Spurs have a 12-6 mark in the Celts’ own Atlantic Division. 
If you can stand one more IF, there rem ains another possibility. T hree 
Celt wins with a pair of Spur and Cav losses gives Boston fourth because while they would finish tied with San 
Antonio, the Celts have already won th e ir season series (3-o) with the 
Spurs. 
And that is one more reason the 
Spurs’ game against the Celts Satur­ day falls into the vital category for San 
Antonio. B ecause, as m any of the 

A Park ‘N Ride bus, sponsored by 
Avery’s Restaurant, will be available for the upcoming Spur playoff games at the Convention Center Arena. 
The bus, which will bring fans to and from the front door of the Arena fMarket Street entrance), will leave the 2o3o N. Main St. restaurant at 7 p.m. the day of the game, according to manager John Lindskog. 
Cost of the ride is $1. For reserva­ tions, call Avery’s at 733-91o3. 

Spurs concede, facing a team in the playoffs that has beaten them four s t r a i g h t during the regu lar season would give Boston a definite psycholo­ gical edge. 
Spurs Coach Doug Moe, however, will be happy if his team comes home with one victory’. If they do not win one, chances are they will not be coming home im mediately since they would 
■ head for the site of their first playoff 
; game. 
“ If we win one of the next two games,” said Moe. ‘‘I would call it a great year. I predicted we would win 45 games before we lost (James Silas) Si, and if we win one, that’ll give us 45. 
“ But you can ’t take anything for granted on the road. Boston knows they have to win, and who knows how 
Milwaukee will react? They may really work hard to go out with a win. 
“ Of course, if we beat Boston, there's not the same emphasis on the 
- Milwaukee game.” 
I 
If the Spurs need a triu m p h in 
Milwaukee, it is unlikely they will get any sympathy, at least from the Bucks’ coach. He is Don Nelson, who was a m em ber of five Celtic championship team s, including last season’s title winners. 
“ I realize we're o-3 against Boston,” said Moe. “ But I don't think it’s an­ ything they do. It’s just we’ve played poorly against them ” 
Spurs’ center Billy Paultz says it is easy to prepare for playing the Celtics since he must face their enigmatic red head. Dave Cowens, he of leave- of- absence fame. 
“ Boston is definitely right up there among the top rebounding teams in the league,” says Paultz. “ And Cowens is incredible. He can do it on the offen­ sive boards. 
“ But if we move, some of the offen­ sive rebounds are going to fall our way. The simple trick is to keep my body in front of his.” 
Paultz has been keeping his hand in front of opponents shots of late. He has blocked at least one shot in his last 2o games and is ninth in the NBA in that 
; category. And he has raised his scor­ ing average to 15.5 while grabbing 8.3 rebounds. 
“ It’s easy to get up to play him be­ cause I know I’m in for a tough game. 
And yes, he’s back in shape after the layoff. 
“ The guy is super strong, super ag­ g re ssiv e , and never stops m oving which is why he gets away with a lot.” 
Spurs set playoff schedule 

The Spurs, needing only one victory in their last two regular season games this weekend to get the home court 
» advantage in the first round of the 
‘ playoffs, will open the mini-series here 
- either Tuesday or W ednesday, de- 
I pending on their opponent. lf the Spurs face Cleveland in the best-of-three series, the teams will be- 
' gin Wednesday at the Arena, move to 
! Cleveland Friday and return lo San 
Antonio Sunday, if necessary. 
* 
Should San Antonio take on the 
Boston Celtics in the first round, play would begin at the Arena Tuesday, move to Boston Thursday and return to 
San Antonio, if necessary, Sunday. 
The Tuesday or Wednesday game will begin at 7:3o p.m. and the Sunday contest will start at 2:45 p.m. 
There is still a possibility San An­ tonio could lose the home advantage. If the happens, the Spurs . will play their only home game Friday at 7:3o p.m. 
Tickets for the Spur home playoff games are on sale at the Arena box office and at ail four Joske’s locations., 
Ducats are $8, $6 and $4. 

The officials voted Monday lo strike the playoffs next week unless the league negotiated a new contract with them. The current contract expires at the end of the regular season Sunday. 

The officials also gave their execu­ tive committee the power to strike the rest of the regular-season games. But they are holding out on that while the 
National Labor Relations Board rules on a charge by the National Associa­ tion of Basketball Referees, the 24-man referees’ union, that the NBA is guilty of unfair labor practices. 
The issues with the NLRB is whether the NARR is the collective bargaining 

 unit of the officials. The NBA refuses to negotiate a new contract until the 
NLRB holds a certification election. 
The referees contend the NBA is trying to break their union and that the current timing of their action gives bargaining leverage they need. 
A decision by the NLRB is expected this weekend. The playoffs start Tues­ day night. 
"They (the league office) can put out all they want to about competent offi­ c ia ls ,’’ said D arrel G arretson, a 
1o-year NBA referee and the executive director of the NARR. “ The umpires worked maybe five exhibition games. 
They were allowed to call goaltending, 

THIRD BA SEM A N Doug Rader of the Padres prepares to throw to first after catching Cincinnati’s Cesar Geronim o off base ap p h o t o 
Reds post 6-3 win over Padres 

 his first save as a Red. Murray was obtained from Montreal in the Tony 
Perez deal along with Woodie Fryman, the winning pitcher in Thursday’s opener. 

S A N . D IE G O 
C IN C IN N A T I ab r h bi ab . r h bi 
G R Urds It 
4 o o o 
Rose 3b 
3 3 1 o 
B M tzgr p 
o o o o 
Flynn 3b 
o o o o 
RV Itne oh 
1 o o o Griffey rf 
3 2 1 o 
Chm pn 2b 
3 o o o 
M organ 2b 
2 1 1 4 
Wintld rf 
4 1 2 o G F ste r lf 
4 o o 1 
Hndrck cf 
4 o 2 o 
Cncpcn ss 
4 o 1 1 
Tenace c 
4 1 2 2 
Drsse n lb 
4 o o o 
Ivie lb 
4 1 1 o 
Plum er c 
4 o o o 
D oRder 3b 
3 o 2 o G rnim o cf 
2 o 2 o 
Alm on ss 
4 o o o 
Bllghm p 
2 o o o 
Strom p 
1 o o o M u rra y p 
o o o o 
Bernal p 
o o o o 
Turner lf 
2 o o 1 
Totol 
34 3.9 3 Total 
28 6 6.6 

Son 
Diego 
.. 
o o o . o o o . 1 2 o— .3 
Cincinnati 
2 o O O 3 o.1 o x — .6 
D P — San 
D iego 
I 
L O B — San 
D ie go 
7, 
Cincinnati 
4 
2B — Tenace, 
D o R a d e r 
2, 
Rose. 
3B — Geronim o. 
H R — M o rg a n 
( I) , 
Tenace 
(I). 
S B — Winfield, 
Concepcion. 
S — 
Billingham , 
Strom. 
S F — M o rgan . 
IP . .H .R E R B B SO 
Strom 
(L,o-1) 
5 2-3 
5 
5 
5 
4 
I 
Bernal 
1-3 o 
o 
O 
O 
O 
BM etzger 
2 
I 
I 
I 
o 
o 
Billingham 
(W ,l- 
7 2-3 8 
3 
3 
2 
5 
M u rray 
1 1 - 3 1 
o 
o 
o 
I 
Save— M u rra y 
(1). 
T — 2:16. 
A — 24,581. 

CINCINNATI (AP) - Joe Morgan, the National League’s Most Valuable 
Player the last two seasons, drove in four runs with a three-run homer and a sacrifice fly, propelling the world champion Cincinnati Reds to a 6-3 victory over the San Diego Padres 
Friday night. 
It was the Reds’ second consecutive victory this year and 1oth in a row over two seasons, counting th e ir 1976 playoff and World Series sweeps plus a victory in the regular-season finale. 
Morgan helped stake s ta rtin g pitcher Jack Billingham to a 5-o lead in the fifth inning when he belted a 
4oo-foot home run over the right-center field fence off loser Brent Strom. 
Billingham tossed six shutout in­ nings before yielding a run in the seventh. He departed with two out in the eighth after giving up a two-run homer to Gene Tenace, his first as a 
National Leaguer. 
Billingham was relieved by Dale 
Murray, who went I 1-3 innings to get 
Breunig will be 
Cowboys’ MLB 

DALLAS (AP) — Dallas Coach Tom 
Landry, operating at his unpredictable best, announced Friday that former 
Outland Trophy winner Randy White of Maryland will not be the heir ap­ parent to Lee Roy Jordan’s middle linebacking job. 
When the veteran Jordan retired at the end of the season, it was assumed that the swift, 24o-pound White was the logical successor in the middle of the complicated Cowboy defense. 
However, Landry has tabbed outside linebacker Bob Breunig to become only the third middle linebacker the 
Cowboys have ever had. 
Jerry Tubbs, now a coach on the team, was Dallas’ middle linebacker in the expansion years of the early 196os. 
White, an All-American at the Cow­ boys’ No. I draft choice in 1975, will be moved to the left outside or strongside linebacker position” occupied by 
Breunig last season. 
“There was a possibility of White moving into the line but we felt we did not want to attempt to replace two q u ality lin ebackers (Jo rd a n and 
W hite) at the sam e tim e ,’’ said 
Landry. 
“ Strongsjde linebacker will be a 

 familiar position to White because he played a similar position throughout his college c a re e r at M aryland. 
Breunig is a natural middle linebacker anyway.” 

Breunig played middle linebacker at 
Arizona State. 
Landry said “ Breunig will make the adjustm ent into the middle more quickly than Randy would have.” 

 three-second violations and out of bounds on their side of the court. 
That's how they got called competent officials. 
“ Teams have played their guts out to get to the playoffs. I can’t imagine those team s going into the playoffs with the refs th e y 're (the league) talking about. 
“ The people who have been saying we're incompetent ain’t seen nothing yet." 
There have been reports of at least one fight and verbal confrontations between the regular officials and the standbys. 
The standby officials are being paid 
Celtics trounce the Jazz 

BOSTON (AP) — Jo Jo W hite and 
John Havlicek each put together strong fourth quarter performances to lead the 
Boston Celtics to an 12o-1o9 victory 
Friday night over the New Orleans 
Jazz. 
New Orleans, led by the NBA’s top scorer Pete M aravich who had 39 

✓ AB. I HOIN D I P 

 points, rallied from a ten point halftime deficit to end the third quarter tied at 88. 
Maravich, who scored 14 points in the first half, had 23 of New O rleans 35 points in the third quarter. 
Havlicek, who turned 37 F rid a y , helped Boston jump to a five point lead early in the fourth quarter following 
White's three point play which broke a 
9o-9o tie. 
Havlicek entered the third q uarter with IO points and finished with 2o. 
White, who had five of Boston's first seven points in the fourth quarter, fin­ ished with 28 points. 
Andy Walker and Maravich led the way for New Orleans in the first half, both hitting for 14 points. Walker fin­ ished with 18 points. 
Tom Boswell, filling in for Boston's 
Dave Cowens who had early foul trou­ ble, finished with 19 points, two short of his season high. 
It was the 26th game this season in which Maravich has scored more than 
3o points. He has played in 72 games this season. 

N E W O R L E A N S (1o9): C olem an 3 4 5 IO. G rif f in 5 
o O to. Kelley 3 7-8 13, M a ra v ic h 16 7 8 39, W a lk e r 8 
o-2 16, W illiam s 5 O O IO, M o o re I 5-7 7, H o w a rd 2 O O 
4. Totals 43 23 3o 1o9. 
BO ST O N (12o): H avlice k 8 4 5 2o. R ow e 4 8 8 16, 
Cow ens 8 l l 17. W hite ll 6-6 28. Scot* 6 o 2 12, W ic k s 
1 2 4 4. Bosw ell 8 3-4 19, S o u n d e rs 2 O O 4, Staco m o O O 
o. K u b e rski o O O o. T otals 48 24-3o 12o. 
N ew Orleans 
26 27 35 21-1 o9 
Boston 
33 3o 25 32-12o 
Touted out— Cow ens. Total fouls— N e w O rle a n s 27, 
Boston 
25. 
T e ch n ica l— W hite, 
A rq v ic h , 
G riffin. 
A — 14,o24. 

Bulls triumph 

CHICAGO (AP) - Mickey Johnson hit for 27 points and Scott May for 22 as the Chicago Bulls defeated the Houston 
Rockets 113-1o9 Friday night. 
Chicago had blown a 16-point lead in the second quarter and saw a 15-point advantage dissipate to just five with 43 seconds remaining in the game. 
But Johnson’s jumper with 26 se­ conds left sewed up the victory. The 
Bulls remained a half game behind second-place Detroit in the Midwest 
Division. 
The playoff-bound Bulls, closing out the home season with their 43rd vic­ tory, won only 24 games all last season. 
They finish their regular season Sun­ day at Buffalo. 

H O U ST O N (1o9): M a lo n e 6 13-19 25, T o m ia n o v ic h 
8 5-6 2 ', K un nert 6 O O 12, L u c a s 3 1-2 7, M u r p h y IO 2 2 
22, Jones I o-o 2, N ew lin 3 4 4 IO, J. J o h n so n 5 O O IO, 
O w ens o O O o. Totals 42 25-33 1o9 
C H IC A G O (113): M. Joh nson IO 7 8 27, M a y 9 4 4 
22. G ilm ore 7 5-5 19, H olland 7 2 3 16. V a n L ie r 2 O O 4, 
M a rin 5 o-o IO, M engelt 3 3-3 9, B o e rw in k le 3 O O 6, 
Poindexter o o-o o, H ic k s o O O o. T otals 46 21 23 113. 
Houston 
21 3o 23 35— 1o9 
C hicago 
29 22 3o 32— 113 
F o u le d o u t— N o n e . T o t a l f o u ls — H o u s t o n 25, 
C h icago 24. T e ch n ica l— M u rp h y . A — 21,652. 
Pistons win 
DETROIT (A P) - Bob Lanier, playing for the first time in more than v month, scored IO of his 25 points in tile last period Friday as the Detroit 
Pistons defeated the Philadelphia 
76ers 116-112 to end a four-game losing streak. 
Lanier, who decided to play at the last minute in spite of continuing pain in the hand he fractured March 4, connected on three baskets and four freethrows in the stretch drive as the playoff-bound Pistons won for only the third time in their last 12 games. 

P H I L A D E P H I A (1 1 2 ): E r v i n g l l 1o-11 32. 
M c G in n is 5 6-8 16, Jon es 4 o-o 8, B ib b y 3 2 2 8, C u lle n s 
5 2-2 12, F re e 7 4-5 18, M ix 4 5 8 13, D a w k in s I 3-7 5, 
C atchings o o-o o. T otals 4o 32-43 112. 
D E T R O IT (116): R a r r 3 4-4 IO, H .5 P o rte r 9 4 5 22, 
L a n ie r IO 5 9 25, M o n e y 9 3-4 21, F o r d IO O O 2o. 
D o u gla s 3 2-2 8, E b e rh o rd o O O o, S im p so n o O O o, 
B row n o o-o o, K .P orte r I O O 2, T ra p p 4 O O 8. Totals 
49 18-24 116. 
Philadelphia 
27 3o 22 33— 112 
Detroit 
28 26 25 37 — 116 
F o u l s — P h ila d e l p h ia 23, D e t r o it 35. F o u le d out— C arr, D ou glas. T e ch n ica l— Shue, P h ila d e lp h ia coach. A — ll,o8o. 
Knicks, 1o4 1o2 

BUFFALO (AP) - Bob McAdoo made a triumphant return to Buffalo 
Friday night, scoring 41 points to lead the New York Knicks to a 1o4-1o2 victory over the Braves. 
It was McAdoo’s first game in Buf­ falo since the Braves dealt him to New' 
York Dec. 9. He hit on 18 of 29 shots and led all rebounders in the game with 17. 

$3oo per game, $4o per diem expenses and first-class jet fare for each game they are assigned, NBA deputy com­ missioner Simon Gourdine said. The pay is $35 less per gam e than the average salary of the full-time. NBA officials who voted to strike. 

A full-time NBA official works 82 games a year. There are 22 full-time officials and four part-tim ers. The full-time salaries, according to Gour­ dine, range from $18,ooo to $38,772. 
Richie Powers and Earl Strom, two of the highest-paid officials, are not members of the union, and will not join their fellow officials in a strike. 

“ We have refs on the staff right now with five years experience who are not making $3oo a game," Garretson said. 
Wednesday, Nucatola s office issued a directive to all league teams to make sure the standby officials were given a separate dressing room. Nucatola said it was an oversight and not a reaction to any incidents. 

The NBA says that the playoffs will proceed, with or without the regular officials. Gourdine said the league had checked with various arenas and that 
"W e’re confident if th ere’s a picket line, we’ll be able to stage a basketball game.” 

“ So, that leaves White and Mike 
Hegman on the strongside and D. D. 
Lewis and Thomas Henderson on the weakside,” said Landry. “They’ll be competing through the summer for jobs. White also will be available to backup Breunig in the middle if so­ mething happens. If we were to pick up a couple of top linebackers in the draft, things might change a little. But as of now, this setup looks the best for us.” 

White is one of the strongest physical players in the N ational Football 
League and played down lineman, linebacker and on the Cowboy special­ ty units last year. He had been hailed as the next Dick Butkus at middle linebacker because of his agility and size. 

Bucks romp 

Dan Cook 

Belford is tossed tough questions 

Maybe I’ve been moving too far downwind from all the good rumors. Perhaps an apology is due you good readers but the conductor of your tour was unaware of what “ everybody” is saying about the Aggies these days. 
No, I hadn’t heard that they’ve been “ buying” football players. 
Old dad here has been laboring under the strong impression that 
Emory Bellard has just been doing a fine, overall job of coaching while turning around the Aggies’ football fortunes. 
This is in reference to the latest cold war between the Aggies and Longh­ orns. Or, to be more accurate, the one-on-one verbal tu ssle between 
Coach Bellard and Darrell Royal. The cold w ar got two d eg rees above lukewarm earlier this week. 

It ail started —or bubbled to a head—when the spring edition of Dave 
Campbell’s Texas Football magazine hit the stands. Robert Heard, an Aus­ tin-based writer, interviewed Bellard for the magazine and Robert asked some tough questions. As a matter of pure fact, Emory’s patience must have been tested toward the breaking point when he fielded Heard's cannon shots. 

Before going too far, some points should be made clear early. (I) It’s a durned interesting article, well done. 
(2) Bellard handles the tough ques­ tions well and (3), no m atter how' it might come through at the top of this piece, the article is most favorable to and for the Aggies. 
Now then, back to the battlefield. It turned into a one-on-one deal after the magazine was distributed and writers around the country began calling Bel­ lard and Royal for more comment. 

During the magazine interview Bel­ lard had said, “the only problem Dar­ rell has is his inability to accept the integrity of other people. Somewhere along the line, he got the idea that he was the only person in this world that’s honest and fortright...” When Royal, who used to be Bellard’s boss at Texas, was informed of this statement and offered an opportunity for a reply, he said, “ No, no need stirring the thing up.” 

You might think it would end there. 
But it didn’t. That was just the starting point. 
Backing off 
Bellard must have received at least a dozen phone calls from that many dif­ ferent reporters after the magazine piece was read. Royal’s name probably was included in most of the questions. 

Then, in one of the answers to some question, Bellard was quoted as saying, “the University of Texas pro­ bably cheats just as much as any school in the country.” That little gem made both major wire services and, finally, drew Royal out for an answer. 

D arrell’s reply was, “ we at Texas invite investigation from any govern­ ing group. I have nothing to, hide or fear.” 
Sometime late Thursday night or early Friday the brakes were applied by folks in College Station. 

Emory didn’t exactly come out wav­ ing a white flag but he did make an obvious attempt to call an instant halt. 
To begin with, Bellard said that he didn’t mean many of the things he said to the magazine reporter. “ A lot of those remarks were intended as ‘off the record’ conversation. I didn’t think that they would appear in the story,” the Aggie coach said. He didn’t, how­ ever, deny saying the things. 

Emory went on to point out that, more than a knock at Royal or the 
University of Texas, he simply was trying to express his opinion that, gen erally speakin g, the people in charge of the athletic programs around the country are people of high integrity and working hard to stay within the rules.” The rather lengthy statement 

 was read and released by the Aggie sports information office. 
Okay, as reported up there, it was an in terestin g m agazine piece and it came through as most favorable for 
Emory and the Aggies. But now let s go back to writer Hoard's questions. 
Once you consider them well you’ll understand how Bellard started on de­ fense each q u a rte r. It took som e smooth manuevering to get his offen­ sive side in gear. 
Okay, ready? Now keep in mind that these are questions tossed at Bellard in the magazine interview'. They’re not my questions. 

“ The Aggies are buying ‘em, right? 
I mean, why else would a kid want to go to College Station, especially a black kid? Anyway, that’s all the talk, isn’t it?” That's the way the article opens so it probably wasn’t hurled at 
Bellard in so many words. That one was intended to get the readers’ atten­ tion. And it does, too. These others, it’s assumed, were for Emory. 

“ What about the widespread talk about buying, especially if one accepts 
Darrell Royal’s opinion that a head coach alw ays knows because his alumni can't resist telling him what they’ve done for him?” That’s the one that prompted Emory to draw Royal into the crossfire. 

And, “ what about the charge that none of your outstanding blacks have gotten degrees?” Then, "what about the charge that most Aggies are red­ necks and there must be a lot of racism directed tow ard the IOO blacks at 
A&M?” 

Also, “what about the hot-dogging on the field, which some people say the 
Aggies do more of than anybody?” And finally, “what about the argument that with the m aterial you’ve had you should have won one and maybe two national championships?” 

Lordy, that must have provided a husky workout for Emory. That inter­ view reminds me of the reporter who was going to “ help” the politician with a nice newspaper spread if an inter­ view would be g ra n te d . The first question was, “ when are you going to stop beating your wife and start paying your bills?” 

N E W Y O R K (1o4): M c M illio n 3 O O 6, Shelton 4 2-4 
IO. M c A d o o 18 5-5 41, F ra z ie r 9 1-1 19, B e a rd 5 3-4 13, 
Layton I o-o 2, M c M ille n I O O 2, B ra d le y 4 o-o 8. 
Ja ckso n I o-o 2, M e m m m g e r o 1-2 V. T o tals 46 12-16 
1o4. 
B U F F A L O (1o2): Shum ate o 2 4 2, D o n tle v 8 5-6 
21, Johnson 3 o-o 6, Sm ith 14 4 6 32, D iG re g o rio 7 O O 
14, A d a m s 3 1-2 7, G ianelli 5 O O IO, A v e r in 2 2-3 6, 
G e ra rd 2 o-o 4, Foste r o O O o, W illia m s o o-o o. T otals 
44 14 2) 1o2. 
New York 
38 23 15 28-1o4 
Buffalo 
19 29 28 26-1o2 
Total fouls— N ew Y o rk 2o, Buffalo 18. A — 11.341. 

DODGERS 

MILWAUKEE (AP) - The Mil­ waukee Bucks, sparked by Brian 
Winters’ 36 points, pulled away in the fourth quarter for a 118-1o7 victory over the Atlanta Hawks Friday night. 
Junior Bridgeman added 2o points and Swen N ater added 19 for the 
Bucks. 

Continued from Page IE from one of the masters, Maury Wills. 
“ He really didn’t teach me anything new,’’ said Washington. “ But he did refresh my memory on a lot of things they taught me in the Kansas City or­ ganization. 
“ They had a lot of good teachers in the Kansas City organization and he refreshed me on a lot of good things I had gotten away from.” 
W ashington is hoping for b etter things this trip to San Antonio. 
’ He and his wife, both black, were denied lodging at a northside motel when they were driving from New Or­ leans to California in 1974. 

“ I thought tim es like that were over,” said Washington. “ All I wanted was a place to stay overnight with a color TV and we had to go about six miles back down the interstate to fijul a place that wasn't as good.” 
Maybe this trip to San Antonio xvi 11 be better. Who knows, he may steal the show. 
DODGER DATA - 
The sp rin g camp at Dodgertown breaks up Satur­ day as all four of Los Angeles’ minor league clubs move out for home. The 
Dodgers are to leave Melbourne. Fla., regional airport about noon and are due to arrive in San Antonio aboard 
Eastern Flight 127 at 4:1o p.m. 

49o7 W alzem Rd. and 6734 San Pedro 
OPEN TODAY 
4311 ‘Fredericksburg OPEN SUNDAYS 

6o watt 
Sansui Receiver 

• 3o watts per channel minimum RMS 
• Two tape monitors 
• Two year in-house warranty 
• Mic input 
• Model 5o5o 

H IT A C H I TRQ-1o 
Portable 

Scoreboard 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 9 1977 
H 

■ B a s k e t b a l l 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Atlantic Division 
W 
L 
Pct. 
G B v Philadelphia 
49 
31 
613 
— 
Boston 
42 
38 
.525 
7 
New Y o rk K n ic k s 
39 
4? 
.481 
IO '? 
Buffalo 
3o 
51 
.37o 
19’ ; 
New Y o rk Nets 
22 
59 
.272 
27'/? 
Central Division v H ouston 
49 
32 
.6o5 
— 
W ashington 
47 
33 
.588 
I* j 
Son Antonio 
44 
36 
.55o 
4 V* 
C leveland 
43 
37 
.538 
5 Vj 
New O rle a n s 
34 
46 
.425 
15 
Atlanta 
3) 
5o 
.388 
18 
W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
M idw est Division v-D enver 
49 
31 
.613 
— 
D ^ ro it 
43 
37 
.538 
6 
C hicago 
43 
38 
.531 
6 ' 2 
K a n so s City 
4o 
41 
.494 
9 ‘? 
Indiana 
36 
46 
.439 
14 
M ilw au kee 
29 
52 
.358 
2 o '? 
P acific D ivisio n v L o s Angeles 
5? 
28 
.65o 
— 
Portland 
48 
33 
.594 
4‘ ! 
Golden State 
45 
36 
.556 
7 - ? 
Seattle 
4o 
41 
.494 
1 2 ' ? 
Phoenix 
33 
18 
.4o7 
19’ : v clinched d ivision title 
T h u rsd ay 's G om es 
Ind iana IU , N ew Y o rk K n ic k s IOO 
Cleveland 1o8, D e n ve r 94 
Phoenix 121, K a n s a s City HO 
Golden State 124, New Y o rk N ets 8 6 
F rid a y 's G am e s 
Boston 12o, N ew O rle a n s 1o9 
N ew Y o rk K n ic k s 1o4. B uffalo 1o2 
C h ica go 113, H ouston, 1o9 
Detroit 116, P h oad e loh lo 112 
M ilw au ke e 118, Atlanta 1o7 
L o s A n ge le s 124, N ew Y o rk N ets IOO 
Seattle 112, K a n s a s City 1o5 
Portland 122, P hoen ix 111 
S atu rd ay's G am e s 
W ashington at Philadelphia 
Detroit at C leveland 
D en ver at H ouston 
San Antonio vs. Boston at H artford 
K a n s a s City at G olden State 
L o s A ngeles at P ortland 
Su n d ay's G am es 
C leveland at Boston 
C h ic ago at Buffalo 
D en ver at N ew O rle a n s 
P hiladelphia of W ashington 
New Y ork K n ic k s cit Detroit 
San Antonio at M ilw aukee 
Lo s A ngeles at Seattle 
N ew Y o rk N ets at Phoenix 
R e gu lar Season E n d s 

( v o l I 

IN T E R C O L L E G IA T E T O U R N . 
At Turnberry, Scotland 
Team : 
A la b a m a 1,541; In d ian a U n iv e rs ity (P a ) 
1.571; M i s s i s s i p p i S ta te 1,572; A p p a l a c h ia n 
U n iv e rsity (N .C .) 1,585; T e n n e sse e T e ch 1.6o2; 
South C a ro lin a State 1,6o5; D a v id L ip s c o m b C o l­ lege (Tenn.) 1,659. 
$35,ooo Taiw an Open 
A t Linkoo, Taiw an 
Liang-hau n. 136, K u o C h ih siu n g , 137; Kennett* 
Riley, 141; G a y lo rd B u rro w s, 145; W a y n e P e d d v, 
145. 
75th North-South A m ate ur 
At Pinehurst, N.C. 
F in a ls — 
M o rc ia D olan def. D ia n n e D a ile y , 5 a n d 4. 

A L A M O C IT Y 
The A la m o C ity G olf -A sso c ia tio n w ill hold a sw eep stakes at l l a m . Su n d a y at O lm o s B a sin 
Golf Course. 

LO S A N T O N IA N S G A. 
The Los A n ton ian s Golf A sso cia tio n will hold its m onthly tournam ent Sa tu rd a y at R iv e rs id e b e g in ­ ning at IO: 45 a.m. 

■ B o w l i n g 

S P R I N G F I E L D . Va. ( A P ) - H e re o re the 24 m atch plov finalists with their w on-lost re c o rd s and total pin falls otter 34 gam e s: 
I. Jay Robinson, L o s A ngeles. H-5. 7.84o. 
2 
E rn ie Schiegal. Y o n ke rs. N.Y., 8 -8 , 7,781. 
3. Louie M oore, C olum bus. Ohio. 11-5, 7,785. 
4. R o y Buckley, C olum bus, Ohio, 12-4. 7,71o. 
5. Tim H a rah a n , H aw thorne, Calif.. 9-7, 7,696. 
6 . Al Fanford, Ja c kso n , Ohio, 12-4 , 7,643. 
7. W ayne Zjhn, Tem pe, A ru ., 1o-6. 7,612. 
D en nis Lane. K in gsp o rt, Tenn., 8-8 , 7,6o2 
9. Tom m y Hudson, Akron, Ohio, 7-9, 7,851. 
1o. Sam F lan agan , P ark e rsb u rg, W .Va.. 1o-6, 7,586 
11. Clift M cN e alv, San Lorenzo, Calif., 9-7, 7,538. 
12. M a rk Roth, Stoten Island. N.Y., 8-8, 7,53o 
13. D ave Heller, M am aron e ck , N Y., 1o-6, 7,529. 
14. Don Bell, Santa M a ria , Calif., 8-8, 7,518. 
15. D ick Ritger, R ive r Falls, Wis.,6-1o, 7,5o5. 
16. Don Johnson, L a s V e gas, Nev., 6-1o, 7,464. 
17. Terry R ay, Bro ckw ay. Pa., 7-9, 7,425. 
18. Pete Couture. W m dssr, Conn., 7-9, 7,413. 
19. G eorge P ap a s, Charlotte, N C., 7-8-1. 7,388. 
2o. Jett M attingly, Tacom a, W ash., 7-11, 7,299. 
21. L a rry O 'N eill, Vienna, Va., 3-13, 7,294. 
22. Jim Robinette, Alexandria, Va., 4-11-1, 7,291 
23. M ickey H igham , K a n sa s City, M o., 8 -8 , 7,284. 
24. Pout Colw ell. Tucson. Ariz., 5-11, 7,13o. 

A B C 
At Reno. Nev. 
J a m e s M c K o v 
(223-2o6-17?) 
- 6o1; 
R o n a ld 
H ulm e 1574) — 
1 ) 7 5. L a r r y P o e rrin i (563); Bill 
H u lm o (315) — 1o78. Ed d ie Staa c ke (53o); Jeffrey 
H ulm e ( 5 3 3 ) 
- 
o63. 
Singles: 
M c K a y , 527; R. 
Hulm e, 682; Poe rrin i, 513: R H ulm e, 4 6 4 : Sfaacke, 
538, J. Hulm e. 5o8. 
A ll-Events: 
R. H ulm e, 1 773. 

T V n iiiM 

W CT 
At M onaco 
Sem ifinals 
B io rn B o rg dei. G u ille rm o V ilas. 6-2, 6-3. 
M A L A Y S IA N O P E N 
A t K u ala Lum pur, M a la y s ia 
N o m Jo C h a n g del A k b a r B a b a , 6-1, 6-o 
$1oo,ooo Bridgestone D ou ble s 
At O saka, Japan 
Betty S to ve -M a rtin a N a v ra tilo v a def B illie Je an 
K m g -R o sie C a sa ls, 7-6. 7-6; K ristie n S h a w -V a le rie 
Ziegenfuss del. Jo Ann R u sse ll-J a n e t N e w b e rry . 
7-6. 6-1; M im i Ja u so v e c V irg in ia R u z ic i det. A n n 
K iy o m u ra -Su e B a rk e r, 7-5, 6-3. 

T E N N IS S O U T H IN V . 
At Jackson. X iss. 
Sem ifinals 
Singles: 
B ria n Teacher def K e n R o se w a ll. 6-2. 
6-o; Bill Scan lon def. Clift Richey, 7-6, 6 -4 . 

 l l o r M 1 H a d i n g 

H IA L E A H . 
Fe atu re - C o n e sab o (517.oo1 
G old 
Nugget, Dom inion. One and H o m iles in 1:4o i i. 
S P O R T S M A N 'S P A R K : 
Feature — O G o rm a n 
($2o.oo). Fleet City. Tonto Basin. S I* fu rlo n g s in 
1:13 2/5. 
S U F F O L K D O W N S 
Feature 
- So la r Attack 
($11.4o). M is s Dew D ro p . Can Rove. S i* fu rlo n g s in 1:13 3/5. 
A Q U E D U C T : 
$4 2 ,9 5 9 Bed O R o se s H a n d ica p - 
Shaw l ($4o.6o) P ro u d Delia. Secret LtJnvin. One and 116 m iles in 1:45 4/5. 
G A R D E N S T A T E P A R K 
F e a t u r e 
- M is s 
Tobir ($2o.6o), M y Beau, Pinta. Six fu rlo n g s in 
1:14. 

A s t r o s 9 b o x s c o r e 

A T L A N T A 

Office cf 
R yster 3b 
Mnfnez lb 
B rrg h s rf 
Mtthw s lf 
Pcroba c 
Gilbrth 2b 
Rckett ss 
M sm th p 
Aslstne pl* 
RJhsn p 
Total 

 a b .r .h bi 
5 1 1 o 
5 o 1 o 
5 o 1 o 
5 I 2 
o I 
o o 
o 2 
o o 
o o 
o o 
o o 
2 6 

H O U S T O N 

JGnzlz 2b 
Cobell 3b 
JCruz rf 
W atson lb 
Crw frd lf 
Frgso n c 
G rd n er cf 
R M tz g r ss 
K F rsc h p 
R c h a r d p 
Sp rrn g ss 
Total 

 a b .i 
5 
4 
3 
4 
5 
5 
3 
3 o 
2 
I 
35 

.h bi 
I 2 o 
o I o 
o o I 
1 I o 
o I I 
2 I 
o I 
o I)o 
8 

 w inning 
None out when 
Atlanta 
Houston 
E — Gilbreath, ton 
I. 
L O B — Atlonto 
6,Houston fice. 
Craw ford. 
3B— W atson. roughs 
Royster, 
S F — JCruz. 

( I ) , 
Ferguson 
Matthews. 

IP . 
M essersm ith 
RJohnson 
(L,o-1) 
Rich ard 
KFor& ch 
(W.1-o) 
T— 2:56 
A — 25,781. 

TOKYO 
HOUSE 
SPECIAL 

Vt PRICE 
MASSAGE 

FREE SAUNA 

ESCORT 
AVAILABLE 

732-3361 
4218 BLANCO 

 s p o r t s 
Calendar 
Watson, Funseth tied 

Trinity tennis 

Trinity’s men’s tennis team entertains Pan American in a dual match at 2 p.m. Saturday at 
Trinity’s varsity courts. 

PAS racing 

The first Powder Puff Derby will be featured on the 14-event program for mini, hobby, super stock, and Figure 8 cars at Pan 
American Speedway Saturday night. Gates open at 6 p.m., and the first race starts at 8. 

S A T U R D A Y 
Pro Basketball: S o u rs at Boston, 6:3o p.m. 
College Baseball: Son A ntonio College v s 
Alvin (2), O lm os B a sin , I p.m .; St M a r y 's vs. Southw estern (2), G eorgetow n. I p.m .; 
T rinity vs. Sa m H ouston State (2), H u n ts 
Ville, 1:3o p m .; D o u b le h e a d e r at K i n g s ­ ville: Sooth D a k o ta State vs. P a n A m e ric a n , 
Sp.rn., T e x a s W e sle yan vs. P a n A m e ric a n , 7 p.m. 
C o lle g e T e n n is : T r in it y m e n v s. P a n 
A m e rica n , T rinity T e n n is Stad ium , 2 p.m .; 
T rin ity w om en of A IA W South Zone T o u r ­ nam ent, Austin. 
Auto R acin g: D ru g racing. A la m o D r a g w ay, 7 p.m.; Stock ca r racing. P a n A m e r ­ ican Speedw ay, 8 p.m. 
Pro W re stlin g : M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m , 
8:3o p.m . M a tc h e s : C h o v o G u e r r e r o vs. 
G re a t G o lia th , B r u is e r B r o d v v s. J o s e 
Lothario and Bull C u r r y . 
H ig h 
S c h o o l 
B a s e b a l l: 
N o g o m e s scheduled Saturd ay 

IBs i k o Im i II 

A M E R IC A N L E A G U E 
E ast 

Cleveland w 
I 
L 
Pct. 
o I OOO 
GB 

N ew Y o rk 
I 
o I OOO 
_ 
Toronto 
I 
o 1.ooo 
— 
B altim ore 
o 
I 
.ooo 
I 
Boston 
o 
I 
.ooo 
I 
D £roit 
o 
I 
.ooo 
I 
M ilw au ke e 
o 
I 
OOO 
I 

C alifornia 
W est 
2 
o 1.ooo 
K a n s a s City 
I 
o 1.ooo 
V? 
T e x a s 
I 
o 1.ooo 
V? 
M in nesota 
o 
o 
.ooo 
I 
O aklan d 
o 
o 
OOO 
I 
C h ic a go 
o 
I 
.OOO 
1 '/* 
Seattle 
o 
2 
-OOO 
2 

Continued from Page IE 
African Gary Player and Australian 
Bob Shearer were next at three under par. Shearer got his 67 on the board before the gusty winds kicked up. 
Player, now 4o and the only foreigner ever to win the Masters, salvaged par from a ditch on the 12th but bogeyed the final hole from a fairway bunker for a 7o. 
The putting m iseries continued for 
Jack Nicolaus, who had a 7o-142. He three-putted twice, missed two others of about four feet and now has required 
72 strokes on the slow, grainy greens for his two rounds. 
“I guess I ought to be thankful I'm two under par, the way I'm putting,” said Nicklaus, the only five-time Mas­ ters champion and generally regarded as the finest player the world has seen. 
“ But I’ve played well enough to be well in the lead. 
“I want to win the golf tournament, darn it, and I can’t do it if I don’t start making some putts.” 
He was tied with David Graham, another Australian, injury-hampered 
U.S. Open champion Jerry Pate and 
Mac McLendon. 
Graham, winner of four internation­ al titles last year, matched the day’s best round with a 67, McLendon had a 
7o and Pate 72. 
Defending cham pion Ray Floyd matched par 72 and headed a group of seven at 143. That put 18 players within four strokes of each other with 36 holes to go. 
Lee Elder, the man who broke the color line at the Masters in 197."). ham­ mered out a 68 and had a 144 total, even par. 
“The second time in anything is a lot easier,” said Elder, who missed the cut in his first appearance at Augusta 

Watson, who has spent some time with 
Hall of Famer Byron Nelson in hopes of solidifying the swing that has let him down in his last ttfo starts 
“ I just didn't hit a very good second shot. 
“You hate to finish with a bogey, hut 
I’m pretty pleased with a 69. It was a pretty good score, considering that I wasn’t hitting the hall really solidly. 
This is the kind of a course that, if you don't hit the ball solid, it’s hard to get it near the hole.” 

Tom 
Rod 
BHI 
Ben 
G ory 

Watson 
Funseth 
Kratzert 
Crenshaw 
Plover 

T h u rsd ay ’s G a m e s 
Toronto 9, C h ic a g o 5 
K a n s a s City 7, Detroit 4 
T e xa s 2, B altim o re I 
N ew Y o rk 3, M ilw a u ke e o 
C leveland 5, Boston J 
C alifornio 2, Seattle o 
F rid a y 's G am e 
C alifornia at Seattle 
Saturday s G am e s 
C h ic ago (K n a p p 3-1) at Toronto (L e m o n e z v k 
4-6) 
T e x a s (P e rry 15-14) at B altim o re (M a y 15-1o) 
M ilw au ke e (Slaton 14 15 or A u gu stin e 9-12) ai 
New Y o rk (F ig u e ro a 19-1o) 
C le v e l a n d 
( P i t z m o r r i s 
1 5-11 ) o t 
B o s t o n 
(Cleveland 1o-9) 
K a n s a s City (H a ssle r 5-12) at Detroit (B a r e 7 8 ) 
M in nesota 
(Goltz 
14-14) at 
O a kla n d 
(T o rre z 
16 12) 
C a lifo rn ia (S im p so n OO) at Seattle (W h e e lo ck 
o-o), (n) 

N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
E ast w 
L 
Pct. 
G B 
N ew Y o rk 
I 
o 1.ooo 
— 
St. Louis 
I 
o 1.ooo 
— 
M ontreal 
o 
o 
.OOO 
'/? 
Philadelphia 
o 
o 
.OOO 
'/? 
C h ic a go 
o 
I 
.OOO 
I 
Pittsb urgh 
W est 
o 
I 
.OOO 
I 

C incinnati 
2 
o 1.ooo 
— 
L o s A ngeles 
I 
o 1.ooo 
'/? 
Houston 
I 
o 1.ooo 
"? 
Atlanta 
o 
I 
OOO 
IV? 
San F ra n c isc o 
o 
I 
.OOO 
IVZ 
Sa n Diego 
o 
2 
.OOO 
2 

 run scored. 
2 o o . o o o o o o. o o — 
2 
I o o o o 1 .o o o .o 1— 3 
M essersm ith . 
D P — Hous- 
9. 
2B — Of- 
H R — Bur- 
( I) . 
S B — JGonzalez, 
S— R ich ard , M etzger. 

R E R B B SO 
2 
2 
2 
7 

T h u rsd ay 's G a m e s 
St L o u is 12, P ittsb u rg h 6 
New Y o rk 5, C h ic a g o 3 
Lo s A n ge le s 5, Son F ra n c is c o I 
F rid a y 's G am e s 
Cincinnati 6 , San D ie go 3 
Houston 3, A b o m a ?> ll in n in g s 
O nly ga m e s scheduled 
S atu rd ay's G am e s 
M ontreat (R o g e rs 7-17) at P h ila d e lp h ia (C a n to n 
2o 7) 
New Y o rk (M atlo c k 171o) at C h ic a g o (K ru k o w 
OO) 
SI 
L o u is 
(F o rsc h 
8 IO) at 
P ittsb u rg h 
(K iso n 
14 9) 
S a n D ie g o ( F r e is le b e n IO -13) at C in c in n a t i 
(N o rm a n 12-7) 
A tla n ta (N ie k r o 17-11) at H o u sto n ( A n d u ia r 
9-1o), (n) 
Sa n F ra n c is c o ( B a r r 15-12) at L o s A n g e le s (R a u 
16-12), (n) 

C O L L E G E B A S E B A L L 
F r id a y s Results 
Texas-A rtington ll, C ornell 5 
SAC wins its golf tournam ent 

Paced by co-medalist Don Caton’s 
73. San Antonio College won its own 
Invitational Golf Tournament at Pecan 
Valley Country Club Friday afternoon. 
SAC won the title by four strokes over, 
Wharton. 

T E A M : 
SA C 3o7, W h a rto n 311, T e m p le ’ 315. 
Sch re in e r 318, Son Jocinto South 318, Sa n Jacinto 
N orth 326, L are d o 334. 
M e d a list: 
D o n Caton, 
SA C , 75; Ja im e Segurci, Lared o, 75; D a n Porter, 
W harton, 75; Donnie O B annon. Sch re in e r, 75. 
TU ferns qualify 

AUSTIN — Freshman Stacy Bow­ man was the lo Trinity loser Friday as the women’s tennis team clinched a qualifying slot at the AIAW South Zone matches here. 
Bowman dropped a second-round singles match to Texas’ Susie Smith. 
But Tiger ladies Sandy Stap, Carrie 
Fleming and Ann Schneider all re­ corded victories. 
F rid ay s Results 
Singles 
First Round: 
Stacv Bow m an, T rin ity, def. Jon 
Goodw in, SW T, 6 1, 6-1; C a rn e F le m in g . T rinity, det. H annah H ovda, A & l, 6-o, 6 1; A n n Sch ro e d e r. 
T rinity, del 
J o A n n K u rz , T e x a s, 6 7, 6-3. 6-2; 
Sand y stop, Trinity, def. V ick y R o b in so n . T exas, 
6 1 . 6 1 
Second Round: 
Su sie Sm ith, T e xa s, def 
B o w m an , 7-5, 6-2; F le m in g def. N e r is s o R ile y, 
Texas, 6-2, 6 2; Scttroed er de*. D e n ise R h o d e s, 
SW T. 6-o. 6-1; .. Stap def. Katie Shields, SW T , 6-o. 
6-o . 
Doubles 
F irst Round: 
B o w m a n -S c h ro e d e r def 
S a w n i 
B a ld n d g e -G a il T osh iro. A& l, 6-o, 6-1; Sta o -F le m ln g def. Y o la n d a G a rza -O fie C a stro , A & l, 6-1, 6-o. 
Second R ound: 
Sm ith R ile y, T e x a s, det. B o w ­ m an-Schroeder, default; Stap -F le m in g def. K u rz- 
Robinson, 6 3, 6-1. T e am Standings: 
T U IO, T e x a s 
7. SW T 3, A& l o. 

T h u r s d a y ’ s l a t e 
N U A b o x e s 

N E W Y O RK N E T S (8 6 ): D a v is 
3 o-o 6 , van B re d a Koltf I O O 2, 
Bassett 5 O C IO, H a w k in s 16 3-4 35, 
S k in n e r 5 3 3 13, W o h l 3 O O 6 , 
H u gh e s o o-2 o, F ox I o-o 2, T e rry 5 
2-5 12. Totals 39 8 14 8 6 . 
G O L D E N S T A T E (124): B a rry 
14 4-4 32, P a rk e r 6 3-3 15, P a rish 6 l l 13. Sm ith 8 I ? 17. W illia m s 4o o 
8 . Du dley I o-o 2. M c N e ill 6 S S 17. 
Joh nson 5 o-o IO, R o g e rs 2 6-7 IO. 
Totals 52 2o-22 124. 
N ew York 
12 26 23 75 — 86 
Golden State 
33 33 29 29 — 124 

IN D IA N A (114); Jon es 3 12 7. 
Knight I? 2-4 26, R o b isc h ll 3-3 25. 
B use I O O 2. W illiam son 8 9 1 ) 25 
H illm an 5 O O IO. F ly n n 6 3 5 15, 
Bennett I o 2 2, A n d e rso n I O O 2, 
G reen o O O o. Totals 48 18 27 114 
N E W Y O R K (IO O ): B ra d le y 5 
o o IO. Shelton 7 4-5 18, M c A d o o 9 
5 7 23. Frazie r 3 5 IO ll, M o n ro e 6 
O O 12, M c M ille n 3 o-o 6 , B e a rd o o-o 
o, M c M illia n 2 O O 4, J a c k so n 2 o-o 
4, B u rd e n I 4 5 6 , Lay to n 2 o-o 4, 
M e m in ge r I OO 2. T otals 41 18-27 
IOO. Indiana 
18 35 31 3o— 114 
New York 
26 IS 31 28 — IOO 
Fou le d out — W illia m so n . Total fouls — Indiana 25, N ew Y o rk 26. 
A — 11,322. 

D E N V E R (94): Jo n e s 4 5-6 13, 
T hom p son 9 5-8 23, Isse i IO 1-2 21, 
M c C la in 5 O O IO, P r ic e I o-o 2, 
Sila s I 1-2 3, W ebster 4 O O 8 , W ise 
2 O O 4, C a lvin 4 2-3 IO, B e c k o o-o o. 
Totals 4o 1421 94 
C L E V E L A N D (1o8): B .Sm ith IO 
3-6 23, B re w e r 3 2 3 8 . C h o n e s 3 O O 
6 . C a rr 2 3-4 7, W alker 2 1111 15, 
Sn yd e r 9 O I 18, B ro k a w 3 o o 6 . 
Lam b ert 3 O O 6 , E.Sm ith 6 1-2 13, 
R u sse ll 3 O O 6 . Totals 44 2o-27 1o8. 
D e n ve r 
2o 24 23 22 — 94 
Cleveland 
24 28 25 31 - 1o8 
K A N S A S CITY (11o): W a sh in g ton 9 ? 3 ?o, W e d m a n 8 4 4 ?o, 
Lac e y 5 2 2 12. B a rr ) 2-5 4, Boone 
2 4 4 8 , H an se n 5 o-o IO. M c C a rte r 
9 o-o 18. Joh nson I 2-2 4, E a k in s I 
4 4 6 . B igelow 2 4-4 8 . Totals 43 
24 28 HO. 
P H O EN IX (121): Feher I 2 3 4. 
Terrell 7 2-2 16. A d a m s 8 5-6 21, 
Lee 7 2-4 16, W estphai 12 6 8 3o. 
Schlueter I o-o 2, So b e rs 6 l l 13, 
E ric k so n 6 l l 13. D .V a n A rsd a le 3 
o-o 6 , T .Von A rsd a le o O O o. Totals 
51 19 25 121. Kansas Ci»v22 24 28 36 
- no 
Phoenix 
26 33 33 29 — 121 
Fouled out — W ashington . Total fouls — K a n s a s City 24. Phoen ix 
21. A — 8,462. 

TO M W EISKO PF hits the ground after his ball stopped short of the cup, costing him an eagle on the eighth hole 

National. “I was putting pressure on myself the first time. This time. I'm a lot more relaxed.” 
Also at 144 were Tom Weiskopf. who had a 72, and Hale Irwin, who went to a 
74. RGA champ Dave Stockton shot 
72-145. 
Arnold Palmer, who composed so much of his legend among the myriad flowers and budding trees that grace 

AP PHOTO 

 this beautiful course, scored an eagle three on his way to a 71 and 147. 
Slump-ridden Johnny Miller had to shoot a 71 for 149, the cutoff figure to qualify for the final two rounds Satur­ day and Sunday. 
Watson actually had the lead alone before an errant second shot cost him a bogey on the final hole. 
“The hole plays pretty tough,” said 

Hubert 
Green 
Bob 
Shearer 
Graham 
Nicklaus 
McLendon 
Pate 
Floyd 
Lither 
Colbert 
Kite 
M asse ngale 
Hill 
Hayes 
Lietzke 
Bean 
Casper 
Weiskopf 
Oevlin 
Irwin 
Eider 
January 
Altin 
Stockton 
Tom m y 
Aaron 
Loo 
Graham 
Jerry 
McGee 
Donnv 
Edw ards 
Bob 
M urphy 
Arnold 
Palm er a-John 
Fought 
Andv 
North 
J. C 
Snead 
Peter 
Oosterhuis 
Bob 
W ynn 
Mike 
Morley 
John 
Schlee 
Lvn 
Lott 
George 
Archer 
Johnny 
Miller 
Severiano 
Graham 
M arsh 
Isao 
A ok i 
A H 
Wall 
G ory 
Koch o-BiH 
Sander 

David 
Jack 
Mac 
Jerry 
Ray 
Gene 
Jim 
Tom 
Rik 
Dove 
M ork 
Bruce 
Andv 
Billy 
Tom 
Bruce 
Hale 
Lee 
Don 
Bud 
Dove 

Ballesteros 

7o69— 139 
72-67-139 
69 71-14o 
7169— 14o 
71 7o-141 
67 74-141 
74 67— 14' 
75-67— 14? 
7? 7 o-142 
7? 7o-142 
7o 72-14 2 
71 72-143 
71 72-143 
7? 71— 143 
7o73— 143 
7o7 3 -1 4 3 
71 72-14 3 
7172— 143 
73-71— 144 
76 7o— 144 
72-72— 144 
73-71-144 
75-69— 144 
7o74— 144 
76-68— 144 
6976— 145 
71.74— 145 
73-72— 145 
73-72-145 
75-71 — 146 
7373— 146 
72-74— 146 
74 72— 146 
76 71-147 
73 74-147 
74 74— 148 
72 76— 148 
73 75— 148 
75 73— 148 
75 7 3 - ' 48 
7.V73— 148 
7 67 2 -1 4 8 
74 74-14 8 
78 71-149 
74 75— 119 
77 7 2-149 
73-76— 149 
76/4— 149 
78-71-149 
8 o 6 9 -1 4 9 

OPEN SATURDAYS 
49o7 W alzem R o ad and 
6734 San Pedro 
OPEN SUNDAYS XA'o3 
4311 Fredericksburg 
SUPER 
SPECIALS 
ALL OVER 
THREE 
STORES! 

SU P E R S P E C IA L ! 

/FM Cassette ar Stereo 

 ln-dash mount • Eject 
• Fast forward 

Complete w ith pair of 
Pioneer P-16L speakers and INSTALLED! 

CRAMP 
OPENING 
SPECIAL 

Uses standard cassettes 
Three-way power 
Built-in mic 
Perfect for dictating 
Only 6 ,/ 2 " x 3 3/ 8 " x 1 Vi" 
$*<*1177 

Garrard 775 
Complete 
Automatic Changer 

• Dust Cover 
• $5o Pickering Cartridge 

Garrard 44o 
Complete 
Automatic Changer 

Dust cover 
Base 
• $3o pickering magnetic cartridge 

Hitachi Cassette 
C ar Stereo 
Fast forward & rewind 
In-dash or under dash 

$49” 

9o min. 8-track 
Blank Tapes 
TV 
NO 
LIMIT 

BRAND NEW MODEL! 
S e n n h e t s e r H D - 4 o o 
Stereo 
Headphones 
GRAND OPINING 
SPI Cl AL 

Your full service stereo d isco u n te r" 

 dyer electronics warehouse 

RDER 

2 /4 Channel 
Reel-toJteel with Multi-Sync 

 a F ia N i ii a n a l m u lti-track re c o rd in g * 

 a So u rtd -o n -S o u rid 

 a Echo 

• Perfect for ste reo or fo u r-c h a n n e l 

• M o ly b d e n u m h e a d * w ith Itfe- iim c guarantee 

6734 San Pedro 
828-2231 
O P E N SA T U RD A YS 

49o7 W alzem Rd. 
654-7222 
O P E N SA T U R D A Y S 

4311 Fredericksburg 
735-9276 
O P E N SU N D A Y S 

H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 
Horns trounce 

A SSles 12-5 

A SSC^1* rf o MIESS 
COLLEGE STATION — Senior third baseman Rocky Thompson belted two three-run homers Friday to lead Texas to a key 12-5 
Southwest Conference baseball victory over Texas A&M. 

The Longhorns now have a three- gam e lead in the loss column over the second-place Aggies in the SWC race. 
Texas, ranked first in the country, is now 12-1 in conference play and 4o-1 for the year. 
A&M dropped to 13-4 and 3o-11. 

T e - o s 
oo4 o34 1oo— 12 S 3 
Te xas A A M 
OOO W 
•Coiner and K e a rn e y Ross, Leotherw ood (6), 
Wilson (7) and Turner W — Kainer, 1o-1. L — Ross, 
7 2. H R — Texas, Thomason 2, Reichenbach; A& M, 
Whidden. A — 2,5oo. 

C o o gs bury Owls 

HOUSTON (AP) — Je ff Simons and 
Lonnie McKinney combined on a five hitter F riday for the University of 
Houston as the Cougars scored a 12-3 victory over the Rice Owls. 

Rice 
OOO o2o o1o— 3 5 I 
Houston 
O H oo2 OOx— 12 17 o 
Hays, Cooley (2), Preng (3) and Hinson. Simons, 
M cKinn ey (6) and Abendroth. W — S im o n s (3-2). 
L — H ays (o-2) H R — Rice. DeLeeuw 

Tech routs TCU 

LUBBOCK (A P )—Right fielder Paul 
Johnston, first basem an Gary Ashby, and third basem an Ernie Helweg each collected three hits F rid ay as the 
T exas Tech Red R aid ers defeated 
Texas Christian 11-5. 
Tech is now 2o-19 for the year and 8-8 in SWC play. TCU is 17-21-1 and 6-12-1 in conference action. 
Helweg had five R BIs for the day coming on a triple, homer and single. 
Ashby hit a home run and a double. 

Texos Christian 
o3o OOO 2oo— s 7 3 
Texas Tech 
1o2 O il 24x— l l 2o 5 
Owens. Young (8) and Roselllnl. Mills. G arcia (7) an d H a r r is . W — G a r c ia , 1-3. L — O w e n s. 2-5. 
H R — Tech, Helweg. Ashby. 

(★ c o n v e r s e ' ftLLST A R S 
Bearkats 
Trinity, 6-1 clip 

THE 1 
SHOE 1295 

LEIS! RESPORT 

 non'A Tow s 

211 V. ST. MAR) 'N 

FR E E PA RR IN O ll IIH Pl RCII ISE 

SO RTH SIDE 
»ERHIM BEITEL AT ID 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

HUNTSVILLE - Sam 
Houston limited Trinity to just one hit and the 
Tigers contributed seven errors as the B eark ats scored a 6-1 decision at 
Sam 
H ouston 
S ta te 
Friday afternoon. 
TU (13-2o) will get an­ oth er ch an ce at the 
B earkats (2o-8), ranked number two in the NALA, during a doubleheader 
Saturday beginning at I p.m. 
Sam Houston freshman 
Mark Beers, making his first college start, gave up only a first-in- n «ig sin gle by Ruben 
Lozano, which did not even figure in the scoring. 

PECAN VALLEY GOLF CLUB 

SPRING GOLF SPECIAL 
*119°° 

INCLUDES 
INITIATION, 
AU 
GREEN 
FEES AND 
COMPLETE CLUB PRIVILEGES FOR YOU AND YOUR 
FAMILY FOR A TWO MONTHS TRIAL MEMBERSHIP. 
MEMBERSHIP MAY BE CONTINUED THEREAFTER FOR 
$37.5o MONTHLY. 
OFFER EXPIRES MAY 31 

PECAN VAHEY DR. AT E. SOUTHCROSS 
333-7121 
333-9o18 

Trinity got its run in the third, taking a 1-o lead at that point, when 
Jim Sum m ersett walked, moved to second on a sacrifice and scored on a throwing error by Beers. 
Sam Houston’s Tommy 
Wendt socked a three-run hom er in the seventh, giving the B earkats all the runs they needed. 
But three e rro rs by second basem an Sergio 
Trevin o, two by D ave 
Calderon, and one each by D ave S ie lsk i and 
Summ ersett helped Sam 
Houston get its eth er three runs. 
SA M H O U STO N 6, T R IN IT Y I 
Trinity 
OOI OOO ooo - 1 
I 
7 
Sam Houston OOO HO 3!x — 6 
5 
I 
Jay Moritz. Bill Rousseau (6) and O scar Perez. M ark Beers, 
Melvin Riddick (6), Don Welchel 
(8) and Brad Wheeless, Tom m y 
Knox (9). W - Beers (I O). L - 
Moritz (2-4). H R — Sam H ous­ ton, Wendt (3), three-run in the seventh. 
B aylor wins 

F zW ETTEYTLLE, 
A rk. (A P ) — Sam m y 
Bickham surrendered IO hits and w alked seven, but m anaged to survive as Baylor edged A rkan­ sas 5-3 Friday. 
B ick h am , who upped h is reco rd to 7-1, w as helped by three B aylor doubleplays. 
NOW OPEN! 

★ 
H IG H P IR R O ® AA A N C I A O ff R O A D 

6 4 4 o N.W. EXPRESSWAY (IH-1o) 

NEAR WONDERLAND 
736-2856 
San Antonio's Newest Off-Road and Speciality Center— 
WE HAVE Off -ROAD EQUIPMENT, AND 
SPEED EQUIPMENT—EVERYTHING 
TOR THE AUTOMOTIVE ENTHUSIAST 

ACCEL V-8 TUNE-UP KIT 
INCLUDES: PLUGS, POINTS, CONDENSER 
THRUSH THRUSH 
MUFFLERS 
FROM 

WEIAND VALVE COVERS 
POLISHED— CHEV 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • a 

CRAGAR AND 
APPLIANCE 
WHEELS.... 
UP TO 
OFF 

ON CIR!AIN STYLES 

CYCLONE HEADERS 

OFFROAD 
EQUIPMENT... 

COURIER CB RADIOS 

$5995 

1 o % . - 
$59M 
UNIROYAL TIRES - 

G ary Players is a bit unhappy after missing a birdie putt on the I 6th green during the second round of the Masters Tournament Friday. 
Player shot a two-under-par 7 o for a 36-hole total of 141, two strokes behind the leaders, Tom W atson and Rod Funseth. For details, see story on Page I E. 
AP photo 
Jefferson captures 
31-AAAA crown 

Randy Obaya belted a home run with one out in the bottom of the seventh inning to give Jefferson a 4-3 victory over Fox Tech and the D istric t 
31-AAAA first-round ch am pion sh ip 
Friday afternoon. 
Three of the four gam es in the loop had gam e-winning hom ers, as E d is­ on’s Billy 
Montemayor belted his second of the gam e, a three-run shot in the bottom of the ninth for a 7-4 win over L a n ie r, and Sam H ou ston ’ s 
Robert Martinez hit a solo shot in the seventh to nip Burbank, 5-4. 
Highlands whacked Wheatley, 7-1, in the other 31-z\AAA struggle, while in the only other gam e of the day Judson pulled into a seco n d -p lace tie in 
29-AAAA by routing East Central, 14-2. 

J E F F E R S O N 4, F O X T E C H 3 
Fox Tech 
o1o 1o1 o — 3 
S 
3 
Jefferson 
OOO 2o1 I — 4 
4 
I 
(one out when winning run scored) 
G aribav and Lopez; M enchaca and Pavlich. 
W — M enchaca (7-1). L — G arib av (4-2). H R — Jef­ ferson: Randy Obava (I), 7th, solo to win game. 
Fox Tech: Art Lopez (I), 2nd, solo. Lopez 2-2 and 
G reg Luna 2 4 for Buffs. Rene M enchaca fans nine. Roger Garibav has seven w alks and seven strikeouts. Jeff wins firsl-round title. 

S A M H O U STO N S, B U R B A N K 4 
Houston 
o2o o2o I - 5 7 
3 
Burbank 
OOO 4oo o — 4 7 
7 
Johnson, F lore s (5) and Je nd rusch ; R ivera, 
Chavez (6) and Zerda. W — Flores (5-1). L — Chavez. 
(o-5). H R — Houston: Robert Martinez (I), 7th, solo on first pitch as leadoff man in inning to win game. B u rb a n k's Noel Martinez belted two-run single and scored on Lee Salem 's single in big fourth for Bulldog lead, but Cherokees tied it on a pair of unearned runs in fifth. 

H IG H L A N D S 7, W H E A T L E Y I 
Highlands 
o3o 12o I — 7 
7 o 
Wheatley 
(OO OOO o— 1 
3 5 
Keller and Gdrcid; Quintana, Trevino (5), San­ chez (7) and Martinez. W — Keller (2-1) L — Quintana 
(o-7). Art Arredondo had three singles for the 
Owls. A catcher's error, a wild pitch, and a passed ball accounted for Highlands' three runs in the second inning. , 

E D IS O N S, L A N IE R 4 
Lanier 
OOI o21 ooo - 4 
4 
I 
Edison 
o21 OOO 1o3 - 7 
9 
2 

(One out when winning run scored) 
Levva. M edina (4) and G u e n d u lov; Cortez, 
Hernandez (3), Menchaca (9) and Suarez. W — 
Menchaca (2-2). L — Medina (2-4). H R — Lanier, 
J. Castanada (I),- one on in the fifth. Ed ison , 
Montem ayor (5), solo in the third; Montem avor 
(6), three-run in the ninth. 
H ighlights: 
B illy M o ntem avor w hacked his second homer of the gam e with two on in the ninth to give the B e a rs the victory, in the gam e, 
Montem avor had four R B ls. M ike R ivas went two for four and Ted Drom goole was two for three with two R B Is for Edison. The B e a rs tied the gam e in the seventh when Jack Sassm an hit a run-scoring single. 
JU D SO N 14, E A S T C E N T R A L 2 
(Five innings, 1o-run rule) 
East Central 
OOO o2 — 2 
3 
3 
Judson 
631 4x — 14 
13 
4 
Blockater, L. Hill (I) and West; Haberstroh and 
Huntsman. W — Haberstroh (5-3). L — Blockater 
(o-4). H R — Judson, Shelby Fike (2), solo in the first inning. 
* 
Highlights: Fike set the tone for this rom p when he lifted the first pitch of the gam e for a homer. 
Fike went two for three and drove in two runs. 
Haberstroh was three for four with tour R B Is and 
Huntsman was two tor three and scored four runs. 
The four Judson errors cam e in the final inning when East Central scored its two runs. The loss 
.was the 19th of the year for East Central. The 
Hornets have not won vet this year, but do have one tie. The victory m oves Judson into a tie with 
South San for second place in 2 9-A A A A 
Both teams own 3-2 records, while Laredo M artin and 
Laredo Nixon are both 4-1. 

S A T U R D A Y 'S G A M E S 
No gam es scheduled. 

H ARDW ARE STORE 
Building 
Material 

Stainless 
Steel 
Sink 

IF 
52 GAL 
USED WHISKEY 
BARRELS 

REG. $ 1 7 . 9 5 EA . 

•Easy to Install 

Self rimming 

 faucet not inc! 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
4 FT. WOOD 
STEP LADDER 
R E G . $ 6 .9 5 
$ 4 ’ 5 
NOW 

SUSPENDED 
CEILING 

2’x4’— ’/ j" Thrifty Pane ls...... 

2‘x 4 — 5 /8 " Solitude (fissured) 

12' Main T’s ...................... 

IO ’ Wall A ngle................... 

4‘ Cross T’s ....................... 

2’ Cross T’s 

Chain Saw 

R E G . $ 2 9 . 9 5 

£ 
' ‘26“ 

12-2 ELECTRIC W M 
WITH GROUND 
$ ( 
25o FT. ROIL* 

ONLY 
(1o4 PIR FT.) 

14-2 ELECTRIC WIRE 
WITH GROUND 
S i / * 2 5 
25o FT. ROLLS 
■ w 

Outdoors 

 w it h D a n K le p p e r 

ONLY 
(6V* 4 PER FT.) 

V I 

Action needed 

Members of the Parks and 
Wildlife Commission need to exercise their authority in regu­ latory counties along the coast and and establish rules to curtail commercial catches of redfish. 

And m e m b e rs of the P a rk s and 
W ildlife D epartm ent need to subm it staff recommendations to the com m is­ sioners in order for the six-m an go­ verning body to act. 
The com m ission m eets in Austin for its regular April session next Thursday and Friday. It Hill be a lengthy meet­ ing. The agenda includes a wide var­ iety of subjects . . . ranging from es­ tablishing hunting, fishing and trap ­ ping regulations for 1977-78 to discus­ sions on additional m ajor park repair projects for fiscal year ’77. 
The redfish su b ject is not on the agenda. It m ight be discussed, but no concrete decisions are expected to be m ad e. One d e p a rtm e n t ex ecu tiv e pointed out that if com m issioners de­ cide to tackle the redfish problem , they will need one session devoted exclusi­ vely to that one item because of the crowds and am ount of testim ony the subject always draws. 

If redfish on the Texas coast are to 

 get any relief from nets and trotlines, it will be up to thecommission to pro­ vide it. And they m ust act quickly. 
Chances range from slim to nothing for legislative passage of a measure which would adequately protect the reds. 

On the other hand, there is a possi­ bility that S.B. 624, a substituted sub­ stitute by Sen. A. R. Schwartz of Gal­ veston, a m easure which is a far cry from the bill origin ally introduced, will pass. 
As W. C. Davisson, president of the 
C o astal Bend F ish in g A sso ciatio n , says, “ the only resem blance to the or­ iginal . . . is tbe nam e ‘T exas Hod 
Drum Conservation Act’ and the bag limit on sports fisherm en.” 
Time to act is now 

If the Schw artz bill, one based on qu o tas in stead of the o rig in ally in­ tended bag lim its for co m m ercials, becom es law. it would take more than 
P ark s and W ildlife Com m ission pro­ clam ation to change it. 
If Parks and Wildlife Com m issioners would im m ediately call a special ses­ sion devoted to issuing redfish regula­ tions in regulatory counties, which in­ cludes all coastal counties except 
Galveston and Cham bers, pressure on legislators could be relieved and per­ h ap s the p a s s a g e of the S ch w artz m easure would be thwarted. 

In defense of the commissioners, it 

 should be pointed out that one reason they have not taken action on redfish in the past is they have not received recommendations on the subject from the staff. 

But that no longer is a legitim ate excuse. The departm ent has the ne­ c e ssa ry research data to show that redfish in bays along the coast are in trouble, that catches are too high to be sustained. 
D ep artm en t o ffic ia ls know what should and m ust be done to m aintain a productive fishery for both sport and com m ercial catches. 
Conservation of the redfish does not necessarily m ean the end of com m er­ cial fishing. It m eans control of all fishing, sport and com m ercial. 
I urge com m issioners and the staff to procrastinate no longer. Act now. 
Don’t depend on the legislature to do 

 your job for you, especially’ when the result of that job m ight be a far cry from the result intended. 
Saturday short shots 

Waterfowl hunters might not be able to shoot ducks and geese before sun­ rise in the future. A federal judge has ruled the early morning shooting “ ar­ bitrary and unlawful.” 
Ju d ge Gerhard A. G esell, ruling in response to a lawsuit challenging the tw ilight portions of shooting hours, ordered the U .S. F ish and W ildlife 
Service to restructure its hunting re­ gu latio n s to better co n sid er totally protected species. 
★ ★ ★ 
Inks Lake State Park, part of which has been closed since the fall of 1975, reopended in time for E aster weekend. 
The 1,2oo-acre facility on the shores of 
Inks underwent extensive construction and renovation. The state added 5o new' tent cam psites to the 148 already ex­ isting. 
Construction also includeed sew er und w ater tre a tm e n t p la n ts, r e s ­ troom s, fishing pier and fish-cleaning shelter. 
★ ★ ★ 
Work is getting under way on faci­ lities at M ustang Island State R ecrea­ tion A rea, 3,57o a c re s of san d and beach 14 m iles south of Port Aransas. z\bacus Corporation of Corpus Christi w as low bidder of $1,565,375 on the project. Estim ates completion date is 
August, 1978. 
► 
C on struction w ill in clude a p ark h e ad q u arte rs, v isito r cen ter, entry station, two residences, m aintenance com plex, com fort statio n , 48 c am p ­ site s, fish -clean in g statio n , tra ile r dum p station, w ater, sew er, paving, parking and electrical utilities. 

Hit, Run & Pitch program under way 

The San Antonio Parks and R ecrea­ tion Dept. and Thom McAn are co­ sponsoring the local competition in the 
Pitch, Hit & Run program which runs through May 22. 
All boys and girls between the ages of 9-12 (as of z\ugust I) are eligible to enter. Tips books and entry blanks are available free at all Thom McAn stores in the San Antonio area. 
For • further information call the 
P a r k s and 
R ecreatio n 
D ept, at 
828-8111. 
Bibles named 
Luling cage coach 

Form er St. M ary’s basketball player 
David Bibles has been named the head basketball coach at Luling High School in Luling. 
The 1976 R attler g rad u ate , who starred at Brackenridge High School, had been the junior varsity coach at 
Luling before his promotion. B ibles’ junior varsity team compiled its best m ark ever this past season at 25-5. 
Luling is in District 25-AA. 
Tim bers win 
NASL opener 

VANCOUVER (AP) - The Portland 
T im b ers scored at the 46:59 m ark 
Friday to defeat the Vancouver White­ caps 1-o in the opening gam e of the 
North z\m erican Soccer League se a ­ son. 
Stewart Scullion scored the only goal on an assist from Ray Martin. 
The artificial field w as wet due to heavy m orning rains and the atten­ dance was 1o,519. The rain let up and overcast skies lightened as the gam e progressed. 

QUANTUM ££ lim n *Top c 
'TOC* ONI % BUILDING % (ttjn /a A 
HANO p .materials p N C J ^ T ^ 

D IS C O U N T 
STORK 

WE HANDLE 
SIZES UP TO THE 
SUPER WIDE WIDTHS 

16o1 Florida of H oefgen St 

NO KANI OHCH I t iwi.u.miJ i 
- 
■ - 
V .; 
MOT RISBON SMU I 
I 
OpMfl 8 to 6 
L. ^ ^ km hinting 
M onday through Saturaay^ 
V ,"*o*1 
: 
Phone 534-o751 or 534-5448 

DURANGO1 

CITIZEN BAND PRODUCTS 

4o CHANNEL IN-DASH CB RADIO 
TRUE VALUE TRADE-IN 

TRADE YOUR IN-DASH RADIO TODAY-TREMENDOUS SAVINGS 

REG. $324.95 
SALE PRICE 

$25995 

LESS TRADE* 

On This Deluxe CB - with LED Channel 
Indicator, AM/FM/CB 
Stereo, Phase Lock loop 
Transceiver, 4 Watts CB 
Output, 5 Watts Audio 
Output, CB Standby 
Mode. 

*TRADE VALUE— Your In Dash Radio Is Worth: 

AM Radio - $1o.oo, AM/FM - $25.oo, AM/PM W/Tape - $4o.oo. 

All trades must be in working order. Deduct trode dollars from sale price. Free CB 
Antenna with purchase. Installation & Speakers Not INC. 

T E M K O N I L S A 7 3 5 -9 2 2 6 

OF SAN ANTONIO, INC. 
2717 Hillcrest 
(Vi Block West Babcock) 

Taylor cracks hurdles’ mark 

S herine T aylor, H ouston’s speedy h u rd le r, becam e the first girl this season to sm ash an existing city record 
T hursday, when she sped to a 1o.78 finish in the 8o-yard hurdles at the 
Southwest Special meet. 
The old m ark, set by Clemens’ P am 
Taylor last season, las 1o.9. 
E a r lie r th is seaso n . S o u th w e s t^ 
D iane D onica and C le m e n s’ R enee 
Guinn tied the high jum p record of 5-2, which was set by J a y ’s Angela Car-- rington last year. 
Fox Tech's Cynthia Ramos lowered the mile record, a new event for the 
1977 season, by running a 5:4o.93. She also had the best mile time previously with a 5:45.1, 
In the boys’ division, it was Ja y s 
Mark 
Andersen once again, who provided the fireworks. Running in his first competitive half mile of the sea­ son. he posted a city best of 1:55.63 while outrunning one of the state’s best half m ile rs Fox T ec h ’s Leon B anks 
( 1:55.88). 

G IR L S 
Team Scoring — 
M acArthur 89. Sam Houston 
74 J, Seguin 48. Holmes 47, Churchill 4 o 'z, Roo­ sevelt 31, Southwest 3o, San M arcos 29''2, Kerrville 
Tivv V, Carrizo Springs 23. Jay 21''i, Calhoun 18, 
Fredericksburg 13, M arshall ll, Fox Tech IO, Port 
Lavaca IO, Lee 8. 
44o Relay — I. Sam Houston (Taylor, 8. Pinnix, 
D Pinnix, Roberts), 49 56 (record, old record 5o.3 bv Judson, 1976); 2. M acArthur, 5o.7; 3. Seguin, 
5o.9. 
88o Dash — I. Ramirez, Son M arcos. 2:25.o5; 2. 
B. Hillls. Churchill, 2:25.9; 3. C. Loner, M a c A rth ­ ur. 2:27.2. 
8o Hurdles — 
I. Taylor, Sam Houston, 1o.78 
(record, old record 11.o bv Gerfers, Churchill, 
19/6); 2. Enriguez. San M arcos, 1o.95; 3. Ryan 
Seguin, 11.3. 
IOO Dash — 
I. Shertield, Southwest, 11.25; 2. 
Howard. MacArthur, 11.54; 3. B. Pinnix, Houston, 
11.6 
88o Relay — 
I. Houston (B. Pinnix, J. Bennett, 
L. McGarritv, S. Taylor), 1.44.39 (set record of 
1:43.49 in prelims, old record 1:49.9 bv Holm es, 
19/6); 2. Holmes. 1:45.3; 3. Roosevelt, I 47.6. 
44o Dash — I Porter, M acArthur, 59.3 (record, old record 61.9 bv McEntee, New Braunfels C an ­ yon, 1976); 2. D avila, Lee, 1:o1.17; 3. D a vis, 
Houston. 1:o1.5. 
22o Dash — 
I. Donna Shertield. Southwest, 25.7 
(record, old record 26.6 bv Shertield, 1976); 2. D. 
Pinnix, Houston. 25.98; 3. Howard, M acA rth u r, 
26.2 
Mile Run — 
I. C. Ramos, Fox Tech. 5:4o.93 
(record, first time event run in this meet); 2. M. 
Glenn, Jay, 5:46.62; 3. C. Braue. Churchill, 5:47.o. 

Mile Relay — I. Carrizo Springs (M. Fisher, s. 
Tollett, T. Munoz, Davenport), 4 o8.79 (record, old record 4:19.2 bv Canyon, 1975); 2. M acArthur, 
4:o9.98; 3. Holmes. 4 13.3. 
High Jump — I. M. Gordon, Fredericksburg, 5 2 
(record, old record 5-1 by Carrington, Jay, 1976); 
2. Persyn, Marshall, 5-1; 3. Donica, Southwest, 5-1 
(more misses). 
Triple Jum p — I. Beverly Porter, M acA rth u r, 
34 7 r (record, old record 33-2J4 bv Porter, 1975); 2. 
K 
R ya n , Se gu in , 33 6 "t; 3. L A n n a H o w a rd , 
MacArthur, 33-2U. 
Shot Put — I. Tamm y Hahn, Port Lavaca, 43 IO 
(record, old record 39 2 bv Rose Parks. Kerrville, 
1976); 2 Cadena, Churchill, 37-11 
3. Geraldine 
Govan, Hoimes. 37-4 >4. 
D is c u s — 
I. Tam m y Hahn, Port Lavaca. 116 7 
(record, old record 113-6 bv Vordenboum , Canyon, 
1975); 2. Pat Long. Calhoun, 114 o; 3. J. Palm er, 
Kerrville, 113 o .. 
Long Jump — I- Vicky Finch, Roosevelt, 16 8 3 
(record. Old re cord 16-7 ? bv Terri Harper, Jay. 
1976); . 2. R ya n , Se gu in , 16 4 ’ ?; 3. H o w a rd , 
MacArthur, 16 3 ‘4. . 
B O Y S 
Team Scoring — Sam Houston 78, M arsh all 53, 
Southwest 5o, Seguin 38, Lanier 34, H ighlands 3o, 
John Jay 21, Churchill 2o, Edgewood 18, Cuero 14, 
Lee 12. Fox Tech 12, San M a rc o s ll, Lulin g IO, 
Alam o Heights IO, Wheatley 8, Roosevelt 8, P le a ­ santon 7, C rystal City 6. G onzales 6, H olm es 5, 
MacArthur o, Jefferson o, Burbank o, Round Rock o, 
Carrizo Springs o, Floresville o, T M I o. 
44o Relay — I Sam Houston (P. Miles, E. Ja c k ­ son, L. Balon, J. M o rriso n ), 42.79 (record , old 

 record 44.2 bv Jo y, 1976); 2. Segu in , 42.87; 3. 
Edgewood, 43.o. 
88o D ash — 
I. M a rk Andersen, Jay, 1:55.63 
(record, old record 1:57 8 bv Hernandez, Lanier, 
1976); 2. Banks, Fox Tech, T:55.88; 3. Hernandez, 
Lanier, 1:56.8. 
12o High Hurdles — I. Randy Clay, M arsh all, 
14.25 (set meet record in prelim s with 14.12, old record 14.2 bv Clay, 1976); 2. Allen, Houston, 14.49; 
3. Thornton, Highlands, 14.6. 
IOO Dash — I. Jenkins, Southwest, 9.98; 2. M o rri­ son, Houston, 1o.o5; 3. Johnson, Roosevelt, 1o.2. 
44o Dash — I. Neely, Churchill, 49.41 (set meet record in prelim s with 49.34, old record 49.7 bv 
Neeiv, 1976); 2. Orth, Floresville, 49.51; 3. Jackson, 
Cuero, 5o.2. 
33o Interm ediates — 
I. Clay, M a rsh a ll, 38.97 
(record, old record 4C.5 bv Clay, 1976); 2. Brown, 
Lanier, 39.26 ; 3. Reynolds, Pleasanton, 39.6. 
22o Dash — I. Jenkins, Southwest, 22.3; 2. M o rri­ son, Houston, 22.57; 3. Jackson, Houston, 22.9. 
Mile Run — I. Collier, Houston, 4:27.43; 2. Klein, 
Southwest, 4:3o.81; 3. Adame, Crystal City, 4:31.8. 
Mile Relay — I, Lanier (M. Brown, F. Ruiz, R 
McMichael. J. Hernandez), 3:23.24 (record, event rained out last y e a r); 2. H ighlands. 3:23.96; 3. 
Southwest, 3:26.o. 
Long Jump — I. Cooper, Southwest, 22-o (record, old record 2o -93. bv Cooper, 1976), 2. Force v, 
Luling, 21-1’'*; 3. Steen, Gonzales, 2o IO. 
Discus — I. Headley, Marshall, 176-9 (record, old record 174-31. bv Markert, Lee, 1976); 2. Campbell, 
Cuero, 162-5; 3. Merrlweather. San M arcos, 158 I 1 j. 
High Jump — I. B. Allen, Houston, 6-4, (record, event rained out lost year); 2. C. Phillips, Lee, 6-3; 
3. Anderson, Clemens, 6-2. 

Bear Relays at LaVernia 

G IR L S 
Team winner — Marlon. 
Triple lump — I. Upshaw (Blocnco) 33 ft, 3 in 2. 
Jenkins (Marion) 3. Laym an (N avarro) 
High iump — I. Smith (Lockland) 2. Koidozgie 
(LaVernia) 3. Relcht (Lockland) 
Long iump — I. Upshaw (Blanco) 2. Sofoter 
(Blanco) Torbett (M arlon) 
Discus — Banks (Blanco) 96 ft, IO in 2. Jones 
(Blanco) 3. Flesing (N avarro) 
Shot put — I. Adam s (Marion) 34 ft. 3 in. 2. 
Benson (SM A ) 3. Jones (Blanco) 
Mile relay — I. Moulton 4.31.1 2. S M A 3. M arion 
88o-relay — I. M arion 1.55.9 2. Nixon 3. Moulten 
44o-relov — I. M arion 2. LaVernia 3. Moulton 
88o-yd. dash — I. Stern (Smiley) 2.44.2 2. Wilson 
(SM A ) 3. Zigmond (LaVernia) 
44o-yd. dash — I. P artridge (N ixon ) 66.3 2. 
Hinnait (SM A ) 3. Jinniz (Stockdale) 
22o-yd. dash — Brooks (LaVernia) 28.3 2. Porvet 
(Marion) 3. Henry (Stockdale) 
88o-hurdles — I. Partridge (Nixon) 12.3 2. Wilson 
(Stockdale) 3. Newman (Blanco) 
1oo-yd. dash — I. Laym an (N a va rro ) 12.2 2. 
Evans (Marion) 3. W ressen (Lackland). 
B O YS 
Team winner — Marion 
High iump — I. Show (Stockdale) and Hartlfield 
(Marion) 5 ft. 8 in. 3. Benavitas (Nixon) 
Long iump — I. M iles (Praire Lee) 22 ft. 2 in. 2. 
Harttield (Morion) 3. Casas (Nixon) 
Discus — I. Pierdola (LaVernia) 128ft. 5 in. 2. 
Barnett (Smiley) 3. Bolin (M arion) 
Shot put — I. Arnett (SM ilev) 44 ft. 4 in. 2. 
Burleson (Marion) 3. Caraway (Nixon) 
Pole vault — I. E van s (N avarro) 12 ft. IO in. 2. 
Moreno (Pettus) 3. Smith (Pettus) 
Mile relay — I. Marion 3.37.6 2. Stockdale 3. 
Pettus 
Mile run — I. W ilson (S M A ) 4.33.7 2. Bush 
(Sundale) 3. LaGordia (Stockdale) 
44o-relay — I. M arion 2. Pettus JV 3. Stockdale 
88o-yd. dash — I. Hastings (Stockdale) 2.o5.1 2. 
Martinez (Nixon) 3. Goodwin (SM A ) 
44o-yd. dash — I. Burrier (Stockdale) 53.1 2. 
Prues (Navarro) 3. Griffith (Lackland) 
22o-yd. dash — I. Schmit (N a v a rro ) 23.65 2. 
Miles (Prairie) 3. W illiams (Stockdale) 
12o-highs — I. Harttield (M arion) 15.45 2. Baker 
(Stockdale) 3. E van s (Morion) 
11o-yd. dash — I. Littlefield (M a rio n ) IO 25 2. 
Miles (Praire Lee) 3. Wezrowski (M arion) 
33o intermediates — I. Harttield (M ario n) 42.1 2. 
Moreno (Pettus) 3. R. Zlllsea (Sm iley) 
Fort Sam ace 
W illiam G re e n b e rg aced the 
145-yard fifth hole at Fort Sam Houston golf course Friday afternoon. Green­ berg used a seven-iron to score tile hole-in-one, his first ever. 

Oak Hills ace 

Lloyd Booth shot a hole in one when he aced the 215-yard 13th with a driver 
Friday at Oak Hills. 

I T grid s la te r e v ise d 

AUSTIN (AP) - Texas’ revised 
1977 football schedule shows the 
Longhorns playing ail afternoon gam es. 

The first three gam es — Boston 
College, Virginia and Rice — are set for 4 p.m . at M em orial Sta­ dium, and the other eight gam es, whether at home or on the road, will start at either 1:3o p.m. or 2 p.m. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 

Rattler foes face a Heep of trouble 

Work under way on race track 

Construction has started on San An­ tonio’s newest auto racing facility, 
Highway 16 Raceway, located next to 
Alamo Dragway five miles south of 
Loop 41o on Highway 16 going towards 
Poteet. 
A ccording to G eorge Pettigrew ', public relations director for the new raceway, the new track will have full 
NASCAR-type p rogram s on its half- mile banked asphalt oval. 
A group of IO South Side business­ men, most of them with racing exper­ ience, comprise the ownership group for the $25o,ooo track. With this driving experience involved, Pettigrew said the group hopes to prom ote better understanding between the drivers and fans. 
Initial seating capacity is 7,ooo and plans are to eventually double that figure. 
Renee to enter major tourneys 

TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Dr. Renee Ri­ chards, a transsexual who has sparked controversy since joining the w om en’s tennis circuit, says she plans to enter m ajor tournam ents such as Wimble­ don and the U.S. Open at Forest Hills. 
But she’s afraid she might have lost a psycholo­ gical edge. 
Dr. Richards said she was informed that her 
Barrbody test, which indicates the percentage of female chromosomes in a cell, showed that she genetically is a w’onlan. 
Dr. R ichards said the test, by Dr. Anderson 
Nettleship of AML Medical Laboratories of Fayette­ ville, A rk., showed she has 24 p er cent of X chromosomes, or four per cent more than tho cutoff used by Olympic and international tennis officials for participation in women’s sports. 
Catfish injured 

NEW VORK (AP) — The New York Yankees said 
Friday that pitcher Catfish Hunter may miss his next start because of a badly bruised left instep suffered in T hursday’s 3-o opening-game victory against Milwaukee. 
Hunter was hit by Von Joshua’s line drive in the sixth inning and left the gam e in the eighth. He was sc h ed u le d to p itch a g a in s t K a n sa s City next 
Wednesday. 
The Yankees also said designated hitter Ron 
B lo m b e rg , in ju r e d d u r in g s p r in g tr a i n in g , underwent surgery at Lenox Hill Hospital to repair a large cartilage tear in his left knee. 

By HARRY PAGE 
O f THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

If an opposing pitcher faced hot-hitting Danny Heep of St. 
Mary’s, he would pitch around him, right? Wrong. 

“ You can ’t pitch around anyone on our team ,” said Heep. “ It gives me a chance to take my cuts, and there isn’t any p re s s u re on m e when I ’m b a t ­ ting.” 
Heep will c a r ry a school reco rd - breaking 22-game hitting streak into an im portant Big State Conference doubleheader against Southwestern in 
Georgetown Saturday. 
“ We have a lot of good hitters on the te am ,” the 5-11. sophomore left-hander said. “ Charlie (Migl) has been hitting the ball all year long. (Glynn) Tschir- hart and (Marty) Zolkoski are hitting the ball well. Ted (Trevino), (Paul) 
Szymarek, and (Duane) Haynes are all hitting. I guess our team batting aver­ age is over .3oo now." 

HEEP 
MIGL 

Heep, with 32 hits in 74 trips to the plate, is the team ’s leading hitter with a .432 average. He has hit one home run, two triples, one double, and has 2o runs batted in. 
The form er Express-N ew s All-City player from Lee is flanked by Migl 
(.387 with 29 hits, three doubles, four triples, two homers, and 21 E B I’s) and 
Trevino (.295) in the lineup. 

T sch irh art is hitting .276, Zolkoski 
.296, Szym arek .275, and Haynes .284 for the Rattlers, who a re hitting .3o2 as a team . 
“ We started off slow- but w e’re com ­ ing around now ,” said Heep. “ It takes tim e for some of us to come around." 
Heep got St. M a ry ’s only hit in a season-opening loss to A&M. but went hitless in the second gam e. H e’s been hitting ever since for the Rattlers, now 
15-9. 
“ I’m trying to hit the ball to the op­ posite field, and trying not to pull the ball so m u c h ," Heep said. “ I d o n ’t know' how I’m keeping the streak go­ ing. I just don’t think about it. All I think about is hitting the ball so m e­ where. or rath er, h it’em w here they ain’t. I’m just swinging. 
“ I feel pretty good about the streak. 
I know it won’t last forever — I wish it would though — but, just as long as we keep winning, I’m satisfied.” 
“ Right now, I wouldn’t want to pitch against us — especially the way we a re all hitting.” 
U n fo rtu n a te ly , o p p o sin g h u r le r s have to. 
__ 

FR78-14 49” 
2.69 

GR78-14 49” 
2.89 

HR 78-14 54” 
3.o7 

GR78-15 49” 
2.97 

HR78-15 5495 
3.15 

IMPORTED UNIROYAL 
DOUBLE-STEEL RADIALS 

175SR13 

(Fits Most 
Compacts) 

(SUPPLIES LIMITED) 

PLUS 
2.11 
M.T. 

(BLACKWALL TUBED 
TYPI PIUS 4.2o ELT.) 

UNIROYAL 
LAND-TRAC 
RAISED Letter Tubeless 

DELCO 
BATTERIES 
AU SIZES 

Plus F.S.T. 

OPEN 
SATURDAY 
9-2 
COME SEE US 

'Serving The W hole City From The Heart of The City for 53 Years.” 

4515 FREDERICKSBURG ROAD ■MAJOR CREDIT CARDS- 734-72o9 - 

NOW! 
4oo So. Flores 
(at Durango) 

 tite 

 company 

UNIROYAL 
226-4111 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1 9 7 7 
Six local boxers listed in ratings 

Six local boxers, including super bantamweight champ Mike Ayala, were listed in the North Am erican 
Boxing Federation's latest rankings. 
Ranked fifth in Ayala’s weight class, was San Antonio's Roy Hernandez, who has not performed locally recently. 
At 13th in the lightweight class was 
Gilbert “ Machete” Galvan, who was stopped in the first round of his last encounter by 
Mexico’s 
Augustin 
Estrada. 
Others listed were ninth-ranked super featherweight Ricky Gutierrez, sixth-ranked featherweight Gaby Can- tera, who will meet second-ranked bantamweight Guadalupe Pintor of 
Mexico in a main event Tuesday night and llth-ranked flyweight Tony Rocha. 

H E A V Y W E IG H T 
W O R LD C H A M P IO N 
Muham m ad Ah 
N A S E C H A M P IO N : 
Ken Norton, Calif. 
C O N T E N D E R S 
I Jim m y Young. Penn ; ?. 
Duane Bobtck, M inn.; 3, Ron Lyle. Colo.; 4. 
George Foreman. Texas; 5. Earnle Shavers, Ohio. 
A. Howard Smith, Calif.; 7 Larry Holmes. Penn.; 
8. Stan Ward, alif ; 9. LeRov Jones. Colo.; IO. lorn Pretor, Fla ; ll Johnny Boudreaux, Texas; 
I?. Young San ford. Calif.; 13. Henry Clark, Calif.; 
14. john Dennis, Md., IS. Mike Weaver, Calif. 
LIG H T H E A V Y W E IG H T 
W O RLD C H A M P IO N ; 
John Conieh. 
N A B F C H A M P IO N ; 
Lonnie Bennett, Calif. 
C O N T E N D E R S ; 
I. Jesse Burnett Calif.; 2. ten 
Hutchins, Mich.; 3. Alvaro Lopez, Coiif.; 4. Biliv 
Douglas. Ohio; S. M ike Quarry, Calif.; 6 
Tom 
Beathea. N Y.; 7 
Ritchie Rotes, n j . ; 8 
Eddie 
Gregory. N.Y.; 9. Hoi Carroll, S.C.; IO. Jerry 
Evans. Ind.; ll. Matthew Franklin, Penn.; 12. 
Marvin Johnson, Ind.; 13. Vonzel Johnson, Ind.; 
14. Willie Taylor, Penn,; IS Bob Cassidy, N Y. 
M ID D L E W E IG H T 
W O RLD C H A M P IO N : 
Carlos Monzon 
N A B F C H A M P IO N ; 
Roo Harris, Ohio. 
C O N T E N D E R S : 
I. Bennm Briscoe. Penn.; 2. 
M ik e Rossman, N Y.; 3. M ike Colbert, Ore.; 4. 
Emile Griffith, n y ,- 5. Elisha O Bed, Fie.; 6. Kart 
Vmson, Calif.; 7. David Love, Calif,; 8. M arvin 

 sm a a n rn 
# 

AYALA 
HERNANDEZ 

Hagler. Mass.; 9. joaauin Mocios. Mexico! 
IO 
Abel Cordova. Mexico; 12. Gene Wells, Fla.; 13. 
W illie M o n ro e . P e n n .; 14. G e o rg e C o o p e r, 
Calif. ;1S. Roy Seales, Wash. 
W E L T E R W E IG H T 
W O R LD C H A M P IO N : Carlos Palomino. 
N A.B.F. CH A M PIO N : Pete Ronzonv, Calif 
C O N T E N D E R S : 
I 
Jose Cuevas, M e x ico ; 2. 
Armando Muniz, Calif.; 3. Harold Weston, N Y ; 4. 
Guerrero Roy Chavez, Canoda; 5. Kevin M organ, 
Cont.; 6 Clyde G ray, Canada; 7 Billy Backus, 
N Y.; 8. Jimmy Jackson, Calif.; 9. Jose Boauedono, 
Mexico; IO. Andy Price, Calif.; ll. Leroy Holey, 
Nevada; 12- Larry Bonds, Colo.. 13. Rudv Barro, 
Calif.; U. Mel Dennis, Texas; 15- Alfonso Hagm an, 
Penn. 
S U P E R L IG H T W E IG H T 
W O RLD C H A M P IO N : Scnsak Muansurin 
N.A.B.F. CH A M PIO N : Adolph Viruet. N Y 
C O N T E N D E R S : 
I. Monroe Brooks. C alif.; 2. 
Seoul Mam bv, N Y.; 3. Mike Everett, Penn.; 4. 
Jerome Artis, Penn.; 5. Johnny Gant, Wash. D C .; 6. 
Rundv Shields, Calif.; 7 Dale Hernandez, Neb.; 8, 
Tony Petronelli, Moss.; 9. Loo Bizzarro, Penn.; IO. 
Chris Fernandez, III. 
L IG H T W E IG H T 
W O RLD C H A M P IO N : Esteban de Jesus 
N A.B F CH A M PIO N : Vicente Saldivar, Mexico. 
C O N T E N D E R S : 
I Rudv Hernandez, Calif.; 2. 
Edwin Viruet. N Y.; 3. Maurice “Termite" Watkins, 

GALVAN 
ROCHA 
CANTERA 
GUTIERREZ 

Texas; 4. Jerome Artis. Pann.; 5. Arturo Leon, 
Arizona; 6 . Andy Mlzzo Gannigan, Hawaii; 7 . Nor­ man Goins. Ind.; 8. Domenico Monaco. N .Y.; 9. 
. Leonardo Bermudez, Mexico; IO. Johnny Copeland. 
Texas; ll. Jose Talamentez, C alif.; 12. N acho 
Jimenez, Calif.; 13. Gilbert ' Machete” Galvan, Son 
Antonio; 14. G erado Ferret, M e xico ; 15. A ngel 
Mayoral, Mexico. 
SU P E R F E A T H E R W E IG H T 
W O RLD CH A M PIO N : Alfredo Escalera. 
N A B F CH A M PIO N : Tyrone Everett. Penn. 
C O N T E N D E R S : . C a rlo s 8 e ce rril, C a lif.; 2. 
Rafael Limon, Mexico ; 3. Sigfrld o Rodriguez. 
Mexico; 4 villim ar Fernandez, N Y.; S. Bobby 
Chacon, Calif.; 6. Sam m y G oss. N J.; 7. Ruben 
Castillo, Calif.; 8. Walter Seeley, N J.; 9. Ricky 
Gutierrez, Son Antonio; IO. David Sotelo, Calli.; ll. 
Sergio Ayala, Mexico; 12. Warren Matthews, Loui­ siana; 13 Ben Villotlor, Hawaii; 14. Jose Hernandez. 
Mexico; 15. Ruby Ortiz, N.Y 
F E A T H E R W E IG H T 
W ORLD C H A M P IO N : Canny Lopez. 
N.A.B.F C H A M P IO N : Vacant 
C O N T E N D E R S: 
I. Ernesto Herrera, Mexico; 2. jose Torres. Mexico; 3. Jose "Speedy” Gonzales. 
FIO.; 4. Manuel Luian, Calif.; 5. W illiam "R e d " 
Berry. N.J.; 6. G oby Cantera, San Antonio; 7. 
Ronnie McGarvev. Md.; 8. Octavio Gomez, Mexico; 
9. Miguel Meza, Calif.; IO. Jose Murillo, Mexico. 
S U P E R B A N T A M W E IG H T 

W O RLD C H A M P IO N : Dongkyun Yum 
N.A.B.F C H A M P IO N : Mike Avola. San Antonio. 
C O N T E N D E R S : 
I. Art Hotev, Canada; ? Juan 
Antonio Lopez, Mexico; 3. Seen O ’Grady. Okla.; 4. 
Rout Tirado, Mexico; 5. Roy Hernandez., Son An­ tonio; 6. Socrates Batoto, Calif.; 7. Rafael Herrera, 
M exico; 8. Rom ero A n o va, M e x ic o ; 9 Ruben 
Olivares, Mexico; IO. James Martinez, Texas. 
B A N T A M W E IG H T 
W O RLD C H A M P IO N : Carlos Zarate 
N.A.B.F C H A M P IO N : 
Roberto Ruvaldino. Mex­ ico 
C O N T E N D E R S : 
I. Frankie Duarte, Calif ; 2, 
Guadalupe Pintor, Mexico; 3. Alberto Davila, Calif.; 
4. Alberto Sandoval, Calif.; 5. Baby Kid Chocolate, 
Penn.; 6. Young Cassanovo. M exico; 7. Eliseo 
Cosme, Mexico; 8. David Vasquez, N.Y.; 9. Cesar 
Deciga. Mexico; IO. Jose Murillo. Mexico. 
F L Y W E IG H T 
W O R LD C H A M P IO N : Miguel Canto. 
N.A.B.F C H A M P IO N : Alberto Morales. Mexico. 
C O N T E N D E R S : 
I. Gutty Espadas, Mexico; 2. 
F ran cisco M arquez, M exico; 3. W illie Jenson, 
Nevada; 4. Jose Luis Lopez, Mexico; 5. Valentine 
Martinez . Mexico; 6. Juan Alverez, Mexico; 7. Leo 
Palacios. Mexico; 8. Melvin Johnson, Texas; 9. 
Pedro Flores, Mexico; IO. Manuel Montiel, Mexico; ll. Tony Rocha, San Antonio; 12. Jose M adera. 
Mexico; 13. Cesor Kee, Calif.; 14. Zurdo Gonzales, 
Mexico. 

IiHK 
WM 
IJ H I _ 
GUADALUPE PINTOR 
• • • Cantera’s opponent 

Medrano replaced on fight card 

A change bas been made rn one of the 1o-round preliminary bouts for 
Tuesday’s boxing card at Municipal 
Auditorium. 
Jose Medrano of S.A. was scheduled to face Robert Vasquez of S.A. in a 
1o-rounder but Medrano suffered a bad cut Tuesday while fighting in Houston so he will be unable to appear here 
Tuesday. 
M atchm aker John Toscano an­ nounced that Vasquez will now clash with Abby Cordova, 136, of Houston. 
The main event has San Antonio's 
Gabby Cantera going against highly- ranked Guadalupe Pintor of Mexico. 
In other bouts, Rafael Duran of 
Mexico will meet Tony Aranda of S.A. in a 1o-rounder and Derly Cirlos of 
S.A. will face Billy Mallory of Killeen in a six-round clash between two fighters making their pro debuts. 
Most fighters on the card will work out Saturday at I p.m. at Alamo 
Boxing Gym. Workouts are open to the public. 

WX Price 
Bookcase! 
Bargain! 
You can get a lot of space HH for a little Investment! 
■■ 

Herb and Lucille Fisher made a fantastic special purchase on these beautiful glass shelf, lighted bookcases! In order to make room in the warehouse for new merchandise, Paul Broyhill offered 
Fisher’s 32o bookcases at half price. Naturally the Fishers’ took advantage of this outstanding buy and now the savings are being passed on to you while they last. Come and get 'em! 

USE OUR 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

EXACTLY AS 
ILLUSTRATED 

A magnificent way to fill up a wall with these beautiful bookcase units . . . a complete storage and display area. Each unit features attractive honey pine finish and contrasting white melamine laminate, has lights, glass shelves, and measures 
3o’’ wide by 15’* deep and stands 7 6 ” high. 

A. Drop-lid desk unit with two-door storage and adjustable glass shelf. 
£ ■ ■ 
Reg. $22o.. .1 /2 off . . . 
I I W G 

B. Two-door storage unit with four shelves 
(includes two glass shelves, one adjustable.) 
$ V 
Reg. $2oo. . .1 /2 off . . . I ¥ ¥ • 

3-piece set, as illustrated. 
Reg. $599. . .1/2 off 

Open Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 
(Closed Sunday) 

145o N.E. Loop 41o 

*299SO 

Measures, of the Orient' 
Sensational “objects d* art'9 from China, personally selected by Herb & Lucille 
Fisher. 
A. IO” high Chinese vases in ” 1ooo 
Flowers” pattern with square base. on 22 Kt. gold, exactly as illustrated. Also in "Figure Scenes.” 
Usual U.S. price ... $4o 
Fisher’s direct 
$ 1 E import price 
I u e 
B. Round base IO ” high Chinese vases in “Figure Scenes" exactly as illustrated with 22 Kt. gold. Also in 
"1ooo Flowers" pattern. Usual 
U.S. price ... $5o. 
Fisher’s direct 
$ # I A import price 
JU w e 

 o f san antonio 

'distinctive home furnishings 

Phone 824-o573 

PAUL’S GREEN THUMB 
G M M 

ANNIVERSARY SPECTRE GOOD 
Al BOEH ti HABY AND 51o3 BIANCO 
COME HELP US CELEBRATE! 
WE HAVE A WIDE ASSORTMENT 
OF EASTER POT PLANTS 
Sale good five days 
April 7, 8, 9, 11 
CLOSED EASTER 
SUNDAY 

AZALEA R O M A in BUD 
AND BLOOM 

SO LB. POTTING SOIL 
4o LBS. TOP SOIL 
4o LBS. COW MANURE 
4o LBS. SHEEP MANURE 

PUNTING MATERIAL 

* 1 . 9 8 
PER BAG 

PECAN TREES: 

► STUART 
2 FOR I SALE e W Cf HI PY Buy on® regular price, 
” 3 L n L C ! 
Secon<J T r e e F r e e 
WICHITA (These 3 Varieties Only) 

REDWOOD BARK 
Jumbo—-Medium — Sm all 
For decorative use or mulching 

3-CU.FT.8AG 
S J I 4 9 
REG. >5.25. SALE 

VISIT OUR GREENHOUSE at 922 W. HILDEBRAND. 

FICUS BENJAMINA 

I 
TGAL 
$2 " 
EA. 
PHOTINA (RED TOP) 

I GAL. 
* 1 . 8 9 

O LEA N D ER 
Hardy Red, Reg. $2.95 
S A K 
‘ I « 

S 
HIBISCUS 
I 
New Shipment 
*3 .9 5 

NANDINA 
I GAL 
• r 

HONEYSUCKLE VINE 
I GAL 
$| se 

IMPERIAL 
PECAN TREE 

HYBRIDIZED FOR LOCAL AREA 

‘ ABOUT " 28 NUTS TO A POUND 

AZELEA 
(lavender Formsa) 
Reg. $4.95 

2 Gal. 
*3.95 

YARD GERANIUM 
PUNTS 
• to d 
• O o n g e 
• Whit* * Salmon 
• Pink 
• Violet 
4-IN. POT 
$ I 2 9 
14.oo DOZ. 
I EA. 

HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PUNTED 
• FERN • BEGONIA 
• SEDUM • LANTANA 

FR O M 
(IP 

FIG TREES 

3 T o 4 
FT. TAU 
• CELESTIAL 
* e BROWN TURKEY 

TEXAS EVERBEARING 

IMPATIENS (Sultana) 

Assorted Colors 

4 9 ‘ ia . IO for s4 5o 

PLANT THAT 
GARDEN NOW! e ARTICHOKES 
I >6o11o11.............. e VEGETABLE PLANTS 

Tray of S ix ................. e GRAPE VINES 

Thom son seedless, Fredonia $1 so 

Reg. 1.98................... SALE I 
• GRAPE VINES 

Red R u b y ............... 
• SQUASH 
Tray of 6 ............... 

$ 1 5 o 
I EA. 

7 9 ’ 

$ o 5 o 

 r n 

OLEANDER 
Hardy Red. Reg. 2.95 

S a le 
M e g S 

UMBRELLA GRASS 
Grows in water 
*1.95 

PAUL’S PREMIUM ROSES 
Ovar 2oo Most Popular Varieties 
OUTSTANDING ROSES FOR 
PERFORMANCE FRAGRANCE 
AND COLOR 
• TREE ROSES • TREE PATIO 
• C l IM RF DC 
FROM THE BEST GROWERS 

• California e Jackson 
• And Perkins 
AND 
FROM 
UP 
* 3 5o 

BEDDING PLANTS 
For Spring Flowers 
6— Plants Per Tray 
79* TRAY 

UVENDER UNTANA 
1 
SALB 
REG. $2.95 

 n 
. 9 
5 

FIG IVY 
W ail Covering 
Reg. 1.98 

Sole 
* 1 S9 

BA N A N A 
TREES 
New Shipments 
4 to 8 Ft. 
2 
FOR THE 
«■ 
PRICE 
I 

SHADE TREE! 
FAST G RO W IN G 
Arizona Ash 
3.95 Ea. or 

3 
F O R * I I ° ° 

CONCRETE AND 
CLAY PRODUCTS 
Squares, rounds, 
Corbin; 
Circles, baths. 
Pots, 
Saucers, birr 

1 o % DISCOUNT 
PLANT BULBS NOW 
• G LADIO LU S* BEGONIAS TUBEROUS 
• CANN A LILY • CALADIUMS 

NO DELIVERY ON SAU ITEMS 
DURING WIEK LONG SAU 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PUNTING 
SERVICE - GUARANTEED WORK 

NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

85 HABY DR. 
NURSERY 
342-4887 

NEW STORE HOURS: 
8:3o to 6 PJA. DAILY 
SUNDAY IO A M to 6 PJB. 
LANDSCAPE FIL 734-6461 

51o3 BLANCO RD. 
NURSERY 
342-4888 

BIANCO RD 45oo BIK 

SAN PEDRO AVE 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EM PLOYM ENT • AN N O U N CEM EN TS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FIN ANCIAL 
• BUSINESS OPPO RTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• M ERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC & LEGAL NOTICE 
• AU TOM OTIVE 
• RECREATIONAL 

SEE THE “ GOLDEN T W IN S” FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL A N D M OBILE H O M E A D S 

EXPRESSNEWS 
Page 
I -F 
Motoring 
World 

Saturday April 9 I 977 

D O N MCKELVEY, left, and Carl Davis and Jim Ham pton dis­ play Fleetwood Enterprises aw ard for volum e sales by M is­ sion M obile Hom es 
D ealer says m obile hom e future bright 

 dies like the g a so lin e -p o w e re d Rabbit; o nly 
Diesel Rabbi alone in class 

Don M cK elvey, p re sid e n t of M ission 
Homes, Inc., thinks that Texans will be buying even m ore m obile hom es in the future than they did last year. 
T h e re w ere m o re th a n 6,ooo m o b ile hom e re g istra tio n s in T exas la st y ea r, putting the state in the num ber one posi­ tion. And McKelvey believes there w ill be m ore m obile hom e developm ents in the 
San Antonio area. 
M cK elvey is p a s t p re s id e n t of th e 
Mobile Home D ealers A ssn. and is c u r­ ren tly se rv in g on the le g isla tiv e co m ­ m ittee of the Texas M anufactured Hous­ ing Assn. 
25 years in business 
Mission Mobile Homes has been in bu­ siness for m ore than 25 years. It is alm ost a fam ily affair, w ith sons Jim and Bill involved in the sales and m anagem ent, and wife Lillian taking care of the book­ keeping departm ent. 
The firm has two locations. Vice P resi­ dent C arl Davis operates the one at 2922 
S .VV. M ilita ry D rive. T he 225o A ustin 
H ighw ay lo catio n is o p e ra te d by J im 

AUWMWOTtVl P IW A T 

Hampton. Both men are experienced and know ledgeable in the m obile hom e in ­ dustry. 
As president of Mission Mobile Homes, 
Don M cKelvey w as honored recently by the Kyline Corp. for being the num ber one 
H om ette M obile Home dealer in Texas, and one of the largest nationally. The firm sells m ore than 125 units a year including the C am eo, Schult, Sandpointe and Ho­ m ette. 
Optimistic of future 

One reason M cKelvey is so optim istic about the m obile home future is the value received for dollar spent in buying a mobile home. 
Today’s m odern m obile hom es are just good values and m ore and m ore people are becom ing aw are of that fact, he said. 
Mission can provide full service, setup and delivery w ith its own five-man service crew under the direction of Jim Carroll. 
In addition to sales and service, Mission offers recreational vehicle m obile home insurance and financing. 
... 

Pittsburgh, 
London win smog battle 

 bPtCIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
Those old Sherlock H olm es m ovies always had the hero operating in a thick 

 evades "ago*1 that* P iS u r g h ''dropped Us 
V O L K S W A G E N R ab b it d iesel d rive s and b a n - noticeable is the difference in acceleration reputation as the “ smoky city” for the m ore favorable title of “ steel city .” 
London and P ittsb u rg h really don’t have a g reat deal in common. 
However, they did use sim ilar m ethods to rid them selves of fog, sm og — or w hatever was soiling the buildings and spoiling the health of their citizenry. 
13th Century laws 
It m ay surprise a lot of A m ericans to learn th at clean air laws w ere introduced in London in the 13th Century. The word 
“ sm og,” according to the Automotive In­ fo rm atio n C ouncil, w as coined by the 
Sm oke A b ate m e n t S o ciety of London m ore than 7o years ago. 
N um erous A m ericans can recall when 
“ A F oggy Day in London T ow n” w as m ore than just a song. 
It was just about 22 years ago when a black sm og terrified Londoners. Only two y ears e a rlie r a k iller blan k et claim ed more than 4,ooo lives in a single week. 
By O ctober 1955 London was m uch less a foggy town. 
T o d ay , 8o p e r c e n t m o re su n s h in e beam s on the city than before 1955. 
Burning banned 
The city fathers attacked the problem at its core. The burning of u ntreated coal was banned and that elim inated the tons of soot and ash that had spewed over the city for centuries. 
L ike L ondon, P itts b u rg h tra c e d its pro b lem s to co m m ercial and dom estic coal furnaces. 
Like London, the city w as a victim of p a rtic u la te s an d oxides of s u lfu r th a t d arkened its statu es and buildings and did nothing for its tourist and convention bureau. 

The interesting point is that the sources of the soot and fog in both c ities w ere statio n ary , not m obile. N either London nor P ittsburgh m ade m any serious effort to restrict or restrain autom obile or truck traffic. 4 

One economic draw back. 
A m e ric a n s v is itin g L ondon h av e stopped buying bottled fog to take back home. 

By JIM ABBOTT 
AUTO EDITOR 
I f s not surprising that most people have never driven a diesel- powered car. 

So. in expectation of the tim e when a diesel is introduced th at anyone can af­ ford to buy, a lot of people are asking w hat's it like to drive a diesel? 
The answ er is that it’s just like driving a gasoline-pow ered car, with a couple of m inor exceptions. T hat should not s u r­ prise people — but it seem s to. 
As you should know , the diesel engine does not have any spark plugs to ignite the fuel. 
Instead the a ir in the cylinders is com ­ pressed until its te m p eratu re is hot en­ ough to ignite the fuel. Then the fuel is injected and the engine fires. 
Aid in starting 

From a cold sta rt there is a glow plug that helps heat up the a ir to m ake starting easier. 
The routine is sim ple. There is a knob on the left side of the steerin g colum n. 
Ju st like an old-fashioned choke, pull it all the way out. 
Next put the ignition key in the lock and turn it part-w ay until the glow plug indi­ cator light com es on. Hold that position until the light goes out. 
F ro m th at point on the diesel R abbit drives ju st like the gas-powered R abbit. 

AUTOMOTIVE CM SIH. AY 

................ there too, but it will not move so rapidly, taking about 18 seconds to get from zero 
Diesel Rabbit: to w 
. a * 
_ 
__ 
C ruising along the freew ays is no prob- 
M* f t C f S # f i g u r e s lem ; press the pedal to the m etal at ar- ound 5o and th e re is a c c ele ra tio n left. 
S u g g e s te d p r ic e P .O .E 
$4,145 P assing at highway speeds can be done 

P r ic e a s t e s t e d .................................. n .a 
^ d e liv e rs 4S ho rse- 
E n g i n e ................................................. 4 c y l pow er at 5,ooo revolutions per m in u te. 
H o r s e p o w e r .................................................. 48 The g aso lin e R ab b it p ro v id es 3o m ore 
T o ra tie 
59 ft-lb borst‘s ’ so the difference in m ovem ent is 
, 
..........*...............................* 
_ 
. very understandable. 
D is p l a c e m e n t........................... 89.7 c .i. 
. . . 
O v e ra ll l e n g t h ................................ 155.3 
S t r o n « P " " 1" ? P o w e r 
O v e ra ll hoitrH i 
« ^ 
A P easan t feature of the diesel is the r a i l n e i g n i ...................... a a .a strong p u llin g p o w er a t low sp e e d s . 
W h e e lb a s e ................................................ 94.5 Torque of 59 foot-pound com es on at 3,ooo 
F u e l ta n k c a p a c i t y ........................ 11.9 rp m , and th at is re a lly g re a t for city 

E P A h ig h w a y .............................................52 ‘" ^ i v w 
Ral)blls com e w ilh a fonr 
E P A C i t y .......................................................39 on the floor. T here is no autom atic option 
E P A c o m b i n e d .......................................44 available (perhaps next y ear), so the fuel 
■ ................... economy for city driving is very high. 
_ 
... 
The E nvironm ental Protection Agency 
Turn that key, it starts. \o u will notice on cam e up with a 39-m ile-per-gallon figure cold sta rts —- and at idle — the typical for c^ y o n the highw ay the diesel clatter a diesel engine m akes. does even better — EPA cites 52 m iles per 
Noise less than expected gallon. The com bined city-highway EPA 
Frankly, the noise w as less than we had luting com es out to 44. expected and once you are m oving at a 
If you com pare the diesel to the gasoline good clip it is hardly noticeable. 
Rabbit >ou c’an see a considerable differ- 
T he sh iftin g , stee rin g , rid e and hail- en^ 
A 
^ 
........... dling are the sam e as the gasoline R abbit. 
A rates the gasoline Rabbit at 3< on 
The acceleration is another m atter. the highw ay, 24 in the city and a com bined 
The fuel-injected R abbit is a w hiz-bang ratin g of -8. T he g aso lin e R abbit w ith go-getter. W ell, the diesel R abbit will get 

A U TO M O TIV E DISPLA Y 
. . ■ 
. ...........*' ' 
--------- I. j j T 

NORIN PARK 

CAPRI 

MERCURY 

J 

■on 
APRI 

YOU CAN AFFORD TO BUY AND 
DRIVE * A BUICK AT 5o1 BROADWAY 

Pl? 

4 ' ll .ll. I'M............... 
★ A M Radio/ ★ Tinted Glass, Decor Groupe, 4 
Speed, Floor M ounted M anual Transmission, 
Steel Belted Radial Tires, Row er Front Disc 
Brakes, Full instrumentation, Body Side 
Mouldings, Reclining Bucket Seats, Console, 
Fold Dow n Rear Soot. 

-27 Mitts 
77 BUICK 
PER GALLON 

NEW 1977 BOBCAT STATION WAGON 

EJW! 
4 Speed, Front Disc Brakes, Air 
£}£)£) 
Condition, Luggage Rack, 
Tinted Glass, W hite Side 
COfBDIffMiD Wa"Tires'Del' 

BUICK’S FAM O US V -6 

Tinted gkm, carpet savers • front, door edge guards, factory air, power front disc brokes, power steering, automatic transmission, white walt steel belted radial tires, AM radio, style wheels, Stk. ** X319o. 

SALE 
PRICE 
$ 
4 7 7 7 

♦IRA Rated 27 MTG Highway, 17 BTG City, Average 22 with V-A cmd Automatic Transmission. 
^ 
A 

Covers. 

* 3 
8 
9 
9 
* 
1977 MONARCH 4 DOOR 
STANDARD FEATURES: 
Automatic, Coach Roof, Pow er Steer- j l ing, Pow er Brakes, W hite Side W all — 
Steel Belted Radial Tires, Air 
Condition, Tinted Glass, Matching 
Body Side Mouldings, A M -F M 
Radio. 

’77 LESABRE *23 MILES v \ 
^ 
PER GALLON 
^ 
<. 
(Complete Selection) 

^ 
<^ > 
A Beautiful Alternative To 
^ a C>' o\ 
Tempermental “ Luxury” Imports. 

 m M . 

EPA RATED 23 M PG Highw ay, 17 M PG 
City, Average 19 with V -8 engine and automatic transmission. 

4-door sedan, V S 
6o 4o THE ULTIMATE BUICK limited interior, automatic transmit- ■ ■ 
W f c 
I fc sion, power steering, power brokes power seat, power windows, power door locks, tinted glass, air con­ ditioning, cruise control, tilt wheel, steel belted white walls, deluxe wheel covers and much more. 

’77 ELECTRA 
* 2 1 M iles 
; par gallon 

SALE PRICE 
$ T M S r n 
S P 

$ 4 9 9 9 * ant iciwtwitD_____________ 

1977 COUGAR 2 DOOR HARDTOP HK OHWINHR 

ISSS 

★ Tinted Glass ★ 3o2 V8 
* Autom atic 
★ Outside 
Mirror 
* Pow er 
Steering 
Ar Deluxe W heel Covers if Pow er Brakes 
★ Opera W indows. 

SEVERAL 
TO CHOOSE 
513o 

* 

* All Prices includes Freight and Dealer Prep. 
HORTH PARK 9 2 o 7 s a n p e d r o 
341-8841 
LI NCOLN • M E R C U R Y 

•EFA ren d 2) MPG I 

W E C A N 
L E A S E A N Y 
B U I C K O R O P E L 
O N S A L E 

SHU # o 6 4 4 

IS, with V-i md automatic transmission 
OPEL SALE STILL IN PRO G RESS! 

BRAND NE 
BUICK OPEL 

CASH 
REBATE 
HURRY - HIGHER 
PRICES AR! COMING! 

W E SE LL B U I C K S E V E R Y D A Y T O P E O P L E T H A T T H O U G H T 

T H E Y C O U L D O N L Y B U Y A F O R D O R C H E V R O L E T . ” 

5o1 B R O A D W A Y * . . * - - I 
T " '* 
W 
* ' 
RIGHT D O W N T O W N 
' ' v 
|j j * . - 
A n O U I O U ! 
SPIRES DOU&LAS BUICK 

P a g e 
2 -F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 9 I 977 

"%iq* 
AUTOMOTIVE 

7o2 72C - FOREIGN SPORTSCABS 7o2 726 • FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 782 728 H)8tt6ll SHWTSCMB 
1HQ-T% HW HM .SW IIITiirM .r7ll? m - T O M I im T M M S 7C2 726 H B I B H 7 W T S M B 7o2726 F W M j j M j j T m 

; 7o2 728 TBBtlEW SPoB1 SO BS 782726 • W I S H SPHBTSCMS 7o? 726 FOBtlSH SPHBTSMBS 

I N O T IC E 
1o% DISCOUNT 
OFF TOTAL STICKER PRICE 
O N ALL NEW 1977 
V O L K S W A G E N S 
IN STOCK 
NOTI* THIS INCLUDES 1o% OFF 

ALL MODELS FREIGHT PREP 
FACTORY INSTALLED OPTIONS 

D E L I V E R E D IN 
S A N A N T O N I O 
& BASED O N W INDOW 
STICKER PRICE + 
TAX, TITLE & UC. 

\ ------- 
THE 
FASTEST 

 s e l l in g 

V ^ P s E U I N G IMPORTS, 
STATION W AG ONS, 

C O U P E S 
4-W H EIl DRIVE W AGO N 
1977 SUBARU 
$322o 
SM. SIDAN 
+ Tax, Tit)* * Ik. 
I yr. unlimited mileage warranty 

U S E D C A R S P E C IA L S 
75 TOYOTA Corolla ? door 
74 VOLVO 164 4 do *, automatic air 
73 VW TASTDACK radio, air, sharp 
71 VOLKSWAGEN (2) standard transmission 
TS VOLKSWAGEN LEGS ANDE' Sunroof, radio 
73 SUBARU WAGON nice 

$13951 
$44951 
$2395 
$1395 
$ 2 995 
$1895 
O TH ER M O D E L A U T O S IN ST O CK 

(to 
SUBARU & BMW 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 
Across from Wonderland at Frodiwkksburg Rd. 

M AZDA GLC 
“THI ALL NEW PISTON ENGINE 
CAR FROM MAZDA. . 

AVAILABII IN: 

• 4 SPEED TRANSMISSION 

• 5 SPEED TRANSMISSION 
• AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 

(5 SPEED TRANSMISSION 
EPS RATINGS:) 
45 HW Y. 
35 CITY 

(WITH 13oo CC RISTON ENGINE) 

(JUST TEST WOVE AT 

SO MRN AND LISTEN) 

(MAZDA ENGINEERED THE GIC TO BE QUIETER THAN MANY OTHER UTU! CARS) 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
341 - 1356 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM ' 
O PEN 9 A .M .-9 P.M . 
SEE THE ALL 
NEW *77 VOLKSW AGENS 
3 Y e a r/5o,ooo Mile 
W arranty Available 
USED VO LKSW AG EN S 
76 VW BUS automatic, air, radio, one owner,... '5895 
75 VW RABBIT K S ftfr S d ., 
'2995 
7 4 VWSUPER 
................ 12595 
3 -7 4 VWS u , . n 6 , . « . .................................>2495 
74 VW BUS 7-passenger, standard, rodin.. ... *3895 

73 TOYOTA standard ........ 
*2o88 
72 VW Squorebork........................ 
*1795 
72 VW Standard, extra clean, low m ileage 
*1975 
72 VW SUPER Standard, clean, air.................*1595 

Over IOO new & used cars In stock 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
_______PARTS OPEN SAT. A IL DAY 

L o n e S t a r v o l k s w a g e n ® 

33o3 Broadway - 824*731 I 
™ ' 

HONDA CIVIC' 

The Penny 
PincherI 

* 

 r n 

 r n 

 i # 

* 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

W B K I H W w w W 
P O R S C H E - A U D I 

' 7 A r W 
C V Y 
Monte Carlo, vinyl top, 
~ d e a rie w indow s, stereo , tilt w heel, 
3 o ,o o o m iles, sw ivel 
, te a t* ..............................................J y y o 
'7 6 FORD 
“ 
- m o t 

'7 6 PO NTIAC 
* u J ? 

'7 2 MERCURY c.rK -.r.T ",: °',,2495 
'7 4 AU DI 1 o o L S ^ T air, ste re o ta p e , 24 ,o o o m ile s................. J 
/ 7 J 
•73 P O N T I A C S r . r . 4 door-2795 
•75 CHEVROLET ^ " m 
M 695 
'7 4 MERCEDES BENZ X * 11' trie sunroof, cruise control, electric w indow s, autom atic, air, 
3 4 ,o o o . , o r- 

 m iie s ..................................... * I j , y y 5 
•76 V O L K SW A G E N L T S 3 IC , „ o . only 6 ,o o o m ile s .......................................... J J 7 o 
•72 BM W 2oo2 
S 

’ 7 S F O P F ) Mustang ll Ghia, V6, 4 speed,... 
- 
/ O 
I power, stereo....... 
o / 7 
5 
7 5 TO YO TA ** */ rm a track, luggage ss t? 

 rack, 1 6 ,ooo m iles, m ag wheels, . . . . 
J Z 7 J 

 r n 

 t o 

 t o 

 t o 

 t o 

 r n 

 r n 

 t o r n 

HONDA c iv ic* 
HATCHBACK 

■ B e c a u s e a C iv ic ru n s fin e o n a n y g r a d e o f g a s o lin e y o u c a n b u y th e lo w e s t p r ic e d g a s y o u c a n f in d 1 

■ W h y p a y m o r e e v e ry tim e you fill UP7 
* 3 2 1 4 * o n ly 

• is?? smefic,” Kona* Mete' rn inc tigs?»« ’Itll .MOuClmf 
SM *««' rn, wo no is coming ro ft 

J O m B E N S O N 
IM P O R T S , IN C . 
95oo SAN PEDRO 341-1356 

7o8 • CORVETTE 

74 Clean Special Ferrari Shark 
Vette T-Top. With air, auto, etc. 
$68oo. Corol, 828-5253 
____ 
75 Corvette convertible hardtop, orange, looded, 15.o9o miles. $7695 or best otter 828-4718. 
'68 C O RVETTE convertible, new yellow lacquer paint, new top, rad ials, 327 4 speed, $35oo. 
1-428-1188 anytime. 
__ 
64 Corvette Convertible 375 hp, 
327, air Excellent cond. Must see to appreciate! 
$47oo 
344-2o15; 
344-8355 
1974 Corvette convertible, air, 
Stick, 35o CU. CreompuM. $6,95o 
69o 91o5, atter 6 696-5597 
’64 Corvette Convertible 375 hp, 
327, air. Excellent cond. Must see to appreciate! 
$47oo . 344-2o15; 
344-8355. 
C O RV ET T E, 1971 convertible. 4 sod , $475o, Offer, 653-3883 ______ 
75 Corvette. Green. Loaded, CB antenna. Excellent cond. $735o. 
824-o169, M r Render 
67 Corvette 327. 35o hp, oil original except mag wheels and tires. Needs point, will point to suit Power steering and windows. 
Air. $6ooo 344-2o15 ; 344-8355. 
'69 Corvette 35o hp, 35o, 4-speed. 
Must see to appreciate. $57oo. 
344 2o15; 344-8355 

7oS AUSTIN 

7o1 - AWTIOUES-GBLLECTDBS 
68 BuickRivTeraTsS-OOO miles 
Like new! 
828-6355 otter 
7:696 o3o3 
___________________ 
71 Cadillac EIDorado Converti­ ble Fully loaded C olle c to r's 
Item! $23oo. 681-2353 
________ 
1951 Chevrolet DeLuxe, power 
Glide. A cvl 72,7oo actual mi Must 
?(]4 . fl (I see to appreciate. $1,195. 696-1335. 
1 
',uul 
•56 Chevrolet. Restored, looded. 
CBM: 655 449o.____________ 
•54 C H E V Y B E L A IR ail stock, runs good. $55o 341 3967 lf 's i Chevy D eluxe H ard top 
Needs eng work Complete Res­ torable 
$25o. 
Wkdavs 
5 pm t S w f . 
‘49 Chevy 4-door, bodv only Me- folic gold New paint. In process of restoration. 333-4418 
1957 C H EVY 2-door hardtop, real good cond. 
$8oo 
Devine, 
(1)663 2934 j 
•55 C H E V Y Pickup, ('68^ 327 en- gme) Mogs, Goodveor tires. New point, $1395. Sabinal, (1)983 2986 otter 5 p.m. 
48 Chevy Pickup, good condition, 1 first $4oo 656-7492 ofter 4________ 
■4o Chevy Pickup si.2oo Runs beautiful, 4o2 E Mayfield 924-469o. 
195o Ford PU , needs m otor-; rewiring $25o 655-4956 att 4pm 

For Sole or Trade 
‘SS Ford v* ton. $21oo invested. 656-1757 atter : 
». j 
■29 Model A 2dr Sedan, must see ; to appreciate S3,OOO 656 7122 
J 
•29 Model A Tudor Bodv restored 
Many new parts Must see ta op- preciqte. 53,ooo-656-7122 
68 M ustang. 289, auto . air, I power, im m aculate, carefully maintained S2ooo. 492-1563. 
1964 R O L L S R O Y C E SC IM 
O riginal black over burgundy 
F u ll power, air. RDW 
81,ooo original miles, complete owner­ ship and service history No rust, no porkmg lot dents! Superb ex­ ample of Classic Rolls, including complete R O. tool kit in trunk ond 
Owner's manual. $22,ooo M c A l­ len, Tx. Bus: 512-682-o1o2, Res 
512-682-7ooo, 7 to ll p m _________ 
■61 T-Bird. restorable condition 
S425. 736 3oo2 ofter 5.3o 

7o2-726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 

SAVE YO U R OLO CAR 
Reliable Sport Car Serv-Repair 
Robinson's Sport Cars-Reoair 
8343 BRO AD W AY 
828 1389 
•74 VW Thing $1495 ‘74 Capri, loaded $2195. 69o-1123. 

1973 Audi Fox ? door, 4 speed. 
Stereo. New steel, belted tires. 
Air $2495 824-8567 or I 468-3536 
'74 Audi IOO LS. air, stereo, 4 speed, excellent condition S399S. 
656-3o24 ofter 6_________________ 
1973 Audi 1oCLS. 4-door, 4-speed 
Air, AM-FM, radials. 62,ooo miles. 
52495-349-4937___________________ 
74 Aud! LS IOO 4-dr. 4 speed, sun­ roof, AM PM, air 344-8262 

■69 AUSTIN Clean, 35mpg, S3So. firm 653 o364 ___________ _ 
63 Austin Healey 3ooo 
824-3735 

75 Corvette. Loaded. D a y s: 
736-4311; evenings; 69o 9981 
‘76 Corvette. Loaded, L-48 eng , 
14,ooo mi excellent cond. S865o. 
824-o161; eves 691-1223 
'77 C O R V E T T E L-48. red, red leather interior, auto. power, air, I power windows Stereo tope, tilt 1 wheel, cruise control. Sport m ir-1 rors, rear defogger, alum inum wheels. 17oo mo. SIO,5oo. Will take trade A’? o294 
C O R V E T T E . 1977. L-48. white, dark brown leather interior, auto. power, air stereo, tilt wheel 9,OOO ml. S94oo Will take trade. 699-o294 
CO RVETTES- Always a few good ones to choose from at the right orices at: 
CLASSIC COACHW ORKS 
114o7 San Pedro-344-2o15 
•75 Corvette. 4-spd., full power, 
Burgundy. 
$649o . 
69o-1o1o; 
341-1946. 
1974 C O RV ET T E .............$6895 
4-SPEED, LO AD ED ! 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO R T S 
96oo SAN P E D R O 
341-1356 

AS C O R V E T T E S t i n g r a y ( t o s t bock) 327, 4-speed, power. Almost original Will take trade. $5695. 
699-o794 
1 AA Corvette 
Stin g ra y 
Im maculate condition! 
$5995 
337-7264 
65 Corvette Stingray Roadster. 
M ust sell! $395o Toke trade. 
699-1333; 7267 Wurzbach. 
'75 Corvette T top, loaded, like new $745o Take trade, 699-1333; 
7267 Wurzbach 
•77 V E T T E . Silver, 4 SDd., L82 engine. Load ed 
W alter Ge- raghty; 275-5333; 684-34o8 

7o6-BMW 
7o9 DATSUN 

BMW ‘72 Bavaria. With extras. 
Call: 658-7242 after 8 pm . 
•73 BM W 3.O S Deluxe Sedan. 
4-dr., 
44,ooo miles, 
I owner. 
494-59o5 
________________ 

DATSUN 
BRYSO N AUTO C E N T E R 
143o PAT BO O KER 
U N IV E R SA L CITY 658 4271 
73 Datsun 61o 2 dr. vinyl hardtop, 
4 spd, air, Si9oo 735-3135._______ 
7o7 CAPRI 
•73 C A P R I. 6 cyl. air. om-fm 
Brown. $195o 653-14o9 eves_____ 
Capri ‘71 Excellent cond Silver, black vinyl top. See to appreciate. 
$1o95. 656-2841.__________ 

73 Datsun 24o 2. Blue, white In tenor. Air, AM-FM. Immaculate! 
5 46oo 656-413o._______________ 

■74 CAPRI 2ooo Extellent con. new tires, om-fm stereo, CB. 
$23oo Ron Mustoin 824-7511 

73 DATSUN 24oZ, looded $375o. 
Mon thru Thurs. 4-8 P M . 
512-392-6912; 
Weekends 
512-257-8412 
‘71 Datsun 24oZ. Loaded, excel­ lent condition. $325o. A M : 
826 6852; att 3 925-5464 _________ 
74 Capri Low mileage, luxury interior AM-FM, 4-speed. Excel­ lent 684-7521. 
1974 Capri 2ooo 
28,ooo MI. 
4-Speed, air, A M -F M radio, deluxe interior, new tires, brakes ond muffler excellent condition. 
$2,995 494-576o_______________ 
73 Capri V-6, air. 4-speed, AM-FM tape. $22oo 342-7197 after 4:p.m. 

•76 Datsun 28o-Z 1o.5oo ml. S6875. 
828 o733; atter 6 655-7969________ 
•76 Datsun 28oZ 2+2, 14,ooo mi. like new, 223-3157 822-9523_______ 

I 75 Datsun 28oZ 4 spd, 17,ooo ml, 
I other extras. $65oo. 349-15o6.__ 

SPRINGTIME 
BRINGS 
SUNSHINE, FRESH AIR, W A R M BREEZE and CONVERTIBLES 
BEAT SUMMER PRICES N O W 
5 -S P U D 
B O X 
DISC BRAKES 
QUARTZ CLOCK 
1977 
124 SPIDER 

T W IN O V E R H E A D C A M 

STEIL R A D IA L S 

TINTED G L A S S 

LARGEST SELECTION OF 
SPORT CARS 
IN TEXAS 

X-19 
BEST BUYS EVER 
MGB 

LA N C IA SC O R P IO N 
Executive cor, air con­ ditioned, leather, full foe tory warranty 

 list Price $11,2oo 
N O W 

* 7 9 9 5 

JAGUAR XKE’s 
This is your second and probably last chance to own one of the classics of automobile history. We were fortunate in purchasing (4) select models, all in like new condition. 
(2) 1974 Convertible, with 4-speed transmission. 
(1 )1 9 7 4 Convertible with automatic transmission. 
(I) 1973 XKE 24-2 witl 4-seed transmission 
All have V-12 engines, air condition, standard equipment. 
SELECT CARS FOR SELECTIVE BUYERS_______ 

JAGUAR • MGB • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

IMPWRT5 

182o BROADW AY 
222-9121 

END OF YEAR SALES O N ALL NEW 
. 
1976 PEUGEOT — G A S AND DIESEL 
ENGINE SEDANS AN D STATION W A G O N S. 
SOLD AT PORT OF ENTRY PRICES!! 
SAVE 

Off Suggested Retail 
Price on any new 
1976 Peugeot. 

Peugeot 5o4 SL 
Gas Se dan *. 

Peugeot 5o4 
Diesel Sedan*. 

Peugot 5o4 
Diesel W a g o n *. 
W e ’v e cut the price o n e v e r y 1 9 7 6 
P e u g e o t o n ou r lot to m a k e w a y fo r th e in co m in g 1 9 7 7 m o d e ls. 
S o co m e o n d o w n fo r the b e st 
P e u g e o t d e a l e v e r. 
B u t hu rry. 
Q u a n titie s a re lim ite d a n d th is o ffe r e x p ire s M a y 31 , 1 9 7 7 . 

‘ R e b a te fro m P.O .E. Price. D o e s N o t 
In clu d e A ir C o n d itio n in g o r R a d io . 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. • 655-o241 

SAVE! New ’77 TO YO T A S SAVE! 

DISCOUNTS 
CO RO LLA 
" l if t b a c k s 

Factory Installed 
Options: 
A M Radio, $5o. 
A M -F M Radio, $77. 
Air Conditioner, 
$365. 
Pin Striping, $28. 

BIGGEST 
DISCOUNTS 
ON 
1977 MODELS 

D IS C O U N T S 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

N o b o d y con e q ua l sm all tow n prices! rd 
UNLIMITED 
SELECTION 
Al! Models and Colors 
HIGHEST TRADE 
ALLOW ANCE 
— 24 hour delivery 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 

O p e n E v e s : t il 9 p . m . 
Dial Toll Free! 
2 2 4 -4 1 8 3 
, I 7 Mi. from San Antonio. 

CAMPING TIME! 
DO IT IN ONE OF OUR 
RECREATIONAL VEHICLES 

7 1 VW CAMPER (Pop Top) s2395 

7 6 VW BUS, automatic, radio, cir 
‘5895 

7 4 VW BUS, automatic 
‘3995 

7 4 VW BUS, standard 
....................‘3795 

7 5 AUDI station wagon, loaded................ 
‘3995 

7 4 VW BUS, standard, air, low miles, radio............ ‘4295 

L o n e S t a r v o l k s w a g e n (x'f, 
33o3 Broadway — 824-731 I 
™ . " 

717 OPEL 

ROD EAST 
VOLKSWAGEN 

NO BETTER CAS 
NO BUTER PLACE TO BUY 

I 4 o 2 N . I . L o o p 4 I O 
Q *% Q 
I O 
A 
T 
, I ait at t+iioydu<h.i Rd 
O A O " I « —— * 
ROD EAST’S 
EASTER RABBIT SALE 
1977 RABBIT MODEL 17o1 

NEW 1977 
Dodge Coit 

• FUEL INJECTED 
• RUNS O N REG. GAS 

• ST A R T IN G PRICE . . $334o.oo 

• 4 % SALES T A X ............................ 
1 3 3 .6 o 

• STATE INSPECTION AND IICEN SE ........ 1 5 .o5 

T o T A I D R IV E O U T PRICE *3488“ * 
• Based on Cash Purchase with No Trade In. 

INTRODUCING 
LE CAR RENAULT R5 

*3111 45 

EPA: 47 Miles Per Gal. Hwy.— 3o City 

DELIVERED IN SAN ANTONIO WITH 

THE FOLLOWING STANDARD EQUIPMENT: 

Reclining bucket seats, adjustable steering column, tinted gnu, pawer disc brakes, whitewall tires car­ peting. front ond rear bumper guards, uses regular or unloedod gas, roar window defogger. 
ALL FOR 
ONLY *31114* 

73o-743-AUT9MOBU.ES 

PERFORMANCE 

The car will not bore you. During 1976, it took first in its class in 12 out of 16 races, beating Hondas, Datsuns, 
Pintos, Vegas, Toyotas and Fiats. Great performance, pius 41 M PG highway, 25 M P G city, according to EPA tests. 'Remember-. These mileage figures are estimates. 
The acutal mileage you get will vary depending on the type of driving you do, your driving habits, your car's condition and optional equipment. 

L e C a r by R en au lt 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
2 1 3 o A U S T IN H W Y . 
6 5 5 - o 2 4 1 

THE GAS SAVER! 

T Y C l l A D IZ l l 
4 -d o o r au tom atic, air, 
1 o I n M i n l l power Steering & power S A T A C brakes, stereo..................................... 
“ • * * 
'77 CELIC* GT autom atic. A M /F M ^4QQF) stereo, reduced to ............................. a W W 
'76 CORONA tSWSU• 
‘3995 
'76 COROLLArrS cB 
‘3495 
T T C A A 
T 
Tautomatic, air & radio. 
S O Q Q C 

I O U V P I t I only 25.ooo miles 
L V V t l 
'74 HILUXr,rw ' 
‘2495 
1 7 1 A B T C I I I i 
71o Coupe aatomatic. air. S I Q Q C 
I T U R I O l i n radio, vinyl top. reduced to 
* v 3 J 
’72 MARK MVXSSrm. 
‘1895 
J T A Q U I P U 
Century 4-door. automatic, a* S I T A C 

I (J O u l u * radio, power steering 
A I *7 si 
1 7 4 m i l Fastback radio. 
1 1 C Q C 

I L I l f 4-speed, air ............................... 
11 CORIN ASS*,r”""" 
‘1495 
'75 CIUCAtasS- 
’3295 

ALWAYS 

A B E T T E R B U Y 

A T J A C K R I E G E R S 

O L D S M O B IL E 
T O O N A D O . 
A utom otic, p o w e r, A M -F M *tore o, electric te a t* a n d w in d o w *, crulte control, tilt w h e el, 4 t ,o o o m ite*........................... 
F O R D G re n a d a . 2 D o o r, 3 o 2 , V -8 , air, p a w e r, v in y l ro o f, 2 3 ,8 5 2 m ile*. 
Like n e w ............................................... 
C O R D O B A . 
Air, p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ro k e *, p o w e r te a t*, p o w e r w in d o w t, p o w e r d o o r lock*, crulte can troi, ta p e d e ck, 2 3 ,o o o m ile*. 
V A L IA N T C u tter. 
2 
D o o r h ard to p . alan t 6, air, p o w e r, 5 n e w < 
M A V E R IC K . 2 Door. ito n d a rd , p a w e r steering, 2 o ,3 2 5 m ile * 
................... 
O L D S 
C u tie** 
So lo n . 
4 
D oor, air, p a w e r, v in y l roof, eon tole w ith b u c k e t to o t, 4 2 ,6 8 o m ile*. . . . . . . . . . 
IM P E R IA L Le B A R O N . 4 D o o r h ard to p , a ll p o w e r a n d air, 
6 o / 4 o teat*. 
S S ,OOO m ile c o r .................................... 
C H R Y SL E R 
T ow n e 
C o u n try 
W a g o n . 
D u a l olr, p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r w in ­ d o w s, rock on top. C le a n . .................... 
C H R Y SLE R 
N e w p o rt 
R o y a l. 
2 
D o o r h o rd to p , sunroof, *p!lt teats, p a w e r, cruise control, 
5 2 ,6 2 6 m ile*. 
Bed, w h ite v in y l r o o f ............................. 
C O R D O B A . P o w e r, air, g o o d color, cru sh e d v e lo u r interior, 
3 6 o , 
V -8 . cruise control, v in y l roof. C le o n ........... 

*2695 

*4295 

*4695 
*2695 
*2695 
*2595 
*2395 

*1795 

*1595 
*4295 

__________________ 
M A R K IV . 
Air, p o w e r, electric se a ts, 
6 o / 4 o , electric w in d o w s a n d d o o r locks, A M - f M ste re o Sp e cial p rico I . . . ............ 

L IN C O L N 
C O N T IN E N T A L ell 
‘3595 

OTHER MAKES AND MODELS 

GRAND SEDAN Hordtop, oil, power.................................. 

FORD Country Squire DFRS, air, power............................ 

CHRYSLER Newport Custom. Air, pow er............................ 

PONTIAC Catalina Brougham. 4 Door hordtop, oil, power. 

PLYMOUTH III. 4 Door, air, power..................................... 

TOYOTA Corona Deluxe. Air, automate:. ........................ 

VALIANT Duster. V-8. air, power........................................ 

DODGE Charger SE. Air, power.......................................... 

PLYMOUTH Belverdere, 4-door, 6 cylinder, air, p o w er.., 

CHRYSLER Newport. 2 door h ard top................................. 

‘1495 
‘1o95 
‘ 895 
‘1295 
‘1595 
‘1295 
‘1495 
‘1o95 
‘ 495 
‘ 595 

JACK RIEGER CHRYSLER P L Y M o U 1 H 

5 8 o o S A N P E D R O 
7 3 2 - 8 2 1 5 

726 - H B B U H B AUTOS 
732 - BUICK 

74 Lotus Europe Sod. 23,ooomi. olr, radiate., excellent 734-9689 
V8. 18,ooo clean. 

3834 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-4471 

'n Maserotti. 5-speed actual m iles. 
E x tra 
732 7848, 227-38o1____________ __ 
•69 Sim ca's^ N e w ooint, tires^ brokes, rodlo 3o mpg. Guoran- teed. Perfect. S45o. 333 7463. 
•71 VW Fastback, S14So. ‘61 FoE- con wagon. S3So. $33-2o3o eve.___ 

73o-743 • AUTOMOBILES 

731 AWC 

722 TOYOTA 

 r n 
TOYOTA 
OF SEGUIN 

 ly e DITSON 246Z,air, rteMy 
• • iw».......... '2 *5 o . 
74 
76 

75 

CHICA OI, air, cattan* star**, vinyl roo!, dock rack, MOO adital rn Hat. 
(stator (os .. .*446o. 
CMRYSitl Canlaba, 12,ooo oh. Hamit windows, trois# control, Ms mw. 
REDUCEDI 
*436o. 

• OPEN EVENINGS til 9 P M 
SEGUIN, TX 
I A. Phone 224-4183 

724 ■ VOLKSWAGEN 

Take over payments ‘76 Rabbit. 
No equity. Call: 824-o918 ask for 
Fred, atter 7. 923-77S7 

VOLKSWAGEN 
Ports-Servlce-Cors 
M V I 131 
•71 VW Bala Bug 16oo engine. 
Bumpers, extractor exhausts, 13 inch tires Radio, heoter. S h a r­ pest in S.A. $1395 655-1131 
_____ 
'74 VW B E E T L E , extra clean, low mi. standard, am -fm , rodlo. 
Private owner. $2275. 341-1441 
'68 VW BU G . Excellen t, new paint $95o. Coll 342-7229. 
67 VW BUG. New brokes, bat­ tery, tag. Inspected. W eekdays after 4; Sat. a m.: 341-5911. 
'49 VW BUS-CAM PER. Air. rodio. extras. Call: 658-5166 after 6. 
71 VW Convertible. FM 8 track, excellent cond. 514oo. 656-5o44. 

F IR S T S1ooo takes this unique 
1974 Ooet Manta! Rebuilt with custom front end. Sound tran­ sportation with greet potential for 
Creatively Inspired. 735-1187. 
•73 O P EL GT 
656-6927 
'73 O P EL GT 
BY OW NER. $23oo. 824-9847 
'75 O P EL GT, sport wagon, air, 
$1995. 333-8152 ________________ 
1973 Opel Manta Rodey 4-speed, air. 51$95 828-5876 

718 PORSCHE_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

74 Porsche 911 Targa. 5 sod , air, tape, mags. Low mi, orig, owner. 
824-7348 492-9226 

‘73 Toyota Celica 4 speed, air conditioning. Excellent condition 
653-4626 
74 Toyota Corolla very good con­ dition $1295. 341-23o4. 

VW Engine Overhaul VW 
M ET R IC M A ST E R , 824-7427 

•72 Toyota Corolla. 44,ooo ml., air, 
AM-FM, $13oo. 532-3545 eves. 

VW E N G IN ES R E B U IL T 
AS LOW AS ............... $199.5o 
712-3984 
‘74 VW. Mags, tiger paw tires, perfect $185o. 333-8152___________ 
•7o TO YO TA Corono, auto. air, 
$695. trode, 342-2o93 
‘72 TOYOTA M A R K ll 
Station Wogon, automatic trans­ mission, rodio. air conditioned .....................$1995 
TOM BENSO N IM PO RTS 
96oo SAN P ED R O 
341-1356 
*72 Toyota Mark ll hardtop. Air, I auto. Clean! $1o95 349-9235 

VW OVERHAUL $4oo $5oo 
12 Mo.-12,ooo mi. Warranty 
Northside Bug Repoir, 696-5869 
•75 VW Pop-Top Camper. All ex­ tras, Orange. S52oo. 656-o179 

TOYOTA OF SAN ANTONIO 
17o3 S E M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
924-9451 

NORTHW OOD PO RSCH E AU DI 
1236 N E. LOOP 41o 
824-3214 
74 Porsche. Air, AM -FM 8-troek, 
M lchelin tires. M u st see to believe! 
$59oo or best offer. 
34+o976. 

71o-FIAT 

‘76 F IA T 124 S P Y D E R 1o,ooo miles, A M -F M stereo cassette deck, luggage rack, wire wheels, excellent condition. 224-5856 days; 
828-854o nights ond weekends. 
•74 Fiat SS 124. Good condition 
Must sell, moving! 691-1o61. 
’75 FIAT X19 
Take over payments, no equity, call Credit Manager, 349-6948 

711-HONDA 
•76 HONDA CIVIC, auto, low mi 
$2395. C ARC RAFT, 8oS N.AIomo 
226-3551 
•75 Honda. Excellent condition, air, new tires. 52ooo. 658 o879. 
72 Hondo Sedan Excellent con- dition. $95o. 681-1321. 
•74 HONDA SED AN $2395 
Automatic transm ission rodio. air conditioned 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO R T S 
96oo SAN P ED R O 
341 1356 

73 Datsun 24o-Z. Silver, air, ex­ cellent cond 
$43oo 341-9279 before Saturday.__________ _ 

1972 HONDA SED AN $995 
4-SPEED, RADIO 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO R T S 
96oo SAN P E D R O 
341-1356 

712-JAGUAR 

7 14 -MAZDA 

197o Porscnp 911-E Exceptional condition. Over $2,ooo in acces­ sories. Low m ileage . A sk in g 
$8,ooo-661-249o evenings 733-9926 

'74 RX4 STATION WAGON 
4-speed. radio, air conditioned .....................$2695 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO R T S 
96oo SAN P ED R O 
341-1356 

'74 Porsche 914, 1.8 L. 5-sod , Im ­ maculate! 31,ooo mi. Owner needs large car. $55oo. 69o-9688. 
76 PORSCHE 914. 12,ooo ml. Air, radio. 1-232-5426 

7 1 5 -MfRCEDES BENZ 
'72 25o, air, power, om-fm. sun­ roof, low mileage, many extras, exceptional cond S6995 69o 1347 

75 Porsche I 8 Roadster Red. 
Appearance Group. AM -FM ster­ eo 8 track. 26,ooo miles, excellent condition. $595o. 43+o611; ofter 5: 
Mickey Smith, 65+1274. 

73 Mercedes 28o 4 door, air, auto. 
5725o. New Braunfels: 1-62S-4248 after 6 p.m. 

PORSCHE 911 TARGA, 1974 
Low mi. new Pirelli tires, air 
Mint cond. $11,5oo. Corpus Christi, j (1)923-2266 after 7.___________ 

‘69 M E R C E D E S 28o Se 
Fuel infected, power steering, brakes, windows, am-fm, olr. 
S45oo 673-8328 

197o PO RSCHE 91 IT 
828-8576 or 349 8844 

•7o M E R C E D E S 28o S E 4-dr. 
Sedan. Sunroof, air, power, AM- 
FM stereo tope. 4 new Michelins. 
Excellent. Best otter over 558oo. 
696-2888. 

‘74 Porsche 914, 1.8. Yellow , brown int., air, stereo, 34,ooo miles. 5495o. 828-3821.___________ 

721 

M ISSIO N CITY IM PO R T S 
M E R C E D E S BEN Z Sales-Servlce 
382o SAN P E D R O 
736-2243 

'72 Subaru SW Std air, low mileage. 5925. Coll: 656-oo67. 

•7o 28o SL, air, excel cond. Bes! otter. 49+1218, 65+6o42 

716-MG 

7o2-726 - FOREIGN SPOBTSCARS 

7o8 - CORVETTE 

NEW 1977 SCOUTS 
4-W H EEL O R IV E 
UP TO $15oo O FF 
W INDOW ST IC K ER P R IC E ! 
P A R K T EN VOLVO SCOUT 
132 B A LC O N ES NORTH 732-2143 

A L L Types Y e ar models C O R ­ 
V E T T E S , p riced reason ab ly. 
Other sports cars Coli 699 o294 

'73 24oZ, auto, excellent con. new disc brakes, steel radials. Life shocks, air, am-fm 5375o. firm 1 
826-o1oo 
1 
74 26oZ, Red Low mi Excellent 
71J . 1117111 cond am-fm, air, new radials 
• 
J1™ 
1" ’ 
$4595. 342-4572__________________ 

J A G U A R 
1973, 
V B - X K E 
Roadster. Sable Interior, tan leather exterior. Factory new condition! 17,ooo miles. $95oo. serious Inquiries only. 341-2934. 

•73 M G B good cond. 32,ooo mi. 
$26oo. 659 o259 before 6 pm. 
66 MGB R O AD STER , exception al, $1495 firm. 435-4o63. 

722-TOYOTA_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 a LA m O TOYOTA 
Across From Airport 828-o723 
524 N.E. LOOP 41o_______ 
72 Ceiico GT,' 48,ooo miles, air! clean. 435-3153. 
74 Celica GT. 5 speed, modified for speed, new tires, air, CB, tope am-fm stereo, $3,3oo 492-272o. 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
Open eves til 9 
Toll Free: 224-4183 

•75 VW Robblt.auto, like new, 
$265o. 
648-16o5 eves; 
536-3814 days__________________________ 
•65 VW Sedan, with rebuilt engine. 
$45o-699-o876 
'72 VW Squareback. Good cond., I owner $1495. 222-13o8; 822-1678. 

723 TRIUMPH 
' 
ALAM O SPORTS CARS 
Authorized Sales and Service 
Triumph-Alfa Romeo 
3111 BRO ADW AY 8iC SSI! 
7o TR6 Classic, mustard, brown int., $26oo. 696-2641 828-1878 
'7o TR6, dark green, thoro, 52ooo 
Call 1-538-2681 
72 Triumph Spitfire, excellent condition, extras. 349-o652. 

•71 VW Super, AM -FM radio, air conditioned 
New engine. $1495 
655 1131 
‘73 VW Super, A M -FM radio, oir conditioned. 
Sunroof. 
$1995 
655-1131 
75 VW VAN Must sell because I want a new one! Air, very clean, 
25,ooo miles, A M -F M . 3 spare tires 227 8141; 684-5o79. 
______ 
1974 White Volksw agen Thing 
24,ooo miles, hard top and con vertlble top, radial tires. 525oo 
62+2111 

‘75 AMC Matador 2-door hardtop. 
Very clean 5255o 655-8259 
____ 

'74 LeSabre. Cleon, 18.6oo mi. 
4-dr. vinyl hardtop 
5312o. 
73+7793. 
________________ _ i i LeSobre. 4dr. Lf. olr, power, tm rodio, Goodyear tires with 6ooo mi. 51SSo. 22+686o. 
*“ 
‘68 R IV IER A , $*5o 
655-8463 Call Ofter 4 
‘75 Skyhawk, power, air, auto, 
26,ooo miles. 535oo. 492-9251. 
•71 Skylark, 4 clr, air, power, clean, one owner, $1495 655-886o oft 4pm 

733 • CADILLAC_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
'74 BUICK 
4 dr Century 35o sedan, all power, low mi, excellent cond. $2995 
34+9672 oft 5pm________________ 

’74 Cadillac Brahm. Sed. 
Like new, worronry. 828-o197 
‘7o Cadillac Coupe Deville. Nice condition. Bl 195. W eekdays 5 p.m.: 6 3 3 - o 5 8 7 . _________ 
•74 Cadillac Cpe Brougham, wire wheels, 5525o 923-2665 
_ 
' ‘71 CA DILLA C +door, l-owner 
Nice! low mi. 924-6666 
‘74 Cadillac. 2o7ooo ml., like new. 
$5995 firm. See at 1133 Austin 
Highway. 82+2728; 751-2313. 
'73 C ad illac Se d a n D eville 
49,ooo mi. 5415o. 673-8328 
‘73 C A D IL L A C Sedan Deville, 
+door, full power, must sell now, and will help finance. Call Woody. 
433-1464 

’76 C ad illac Sed. D eville 
I Like New, Warranty, 6o-4o seats, 
TA8-o197 

•65 AMC Rambler, auto, rodio, heoter. SISO. 22+441o 
AMC Rambler '69. Air, auto, 6 cyl. ii?: Call 69o-88o1 
‘74 Gremlin excellent, 6 cyl, air; new tires, brakes and battery. 
$1795. Coll 828-875o oiler 6 om. 

Cadillac, 1972, Sedan Deville, low mi, tike new. Daytime, 342-3228; nights 349-153+_________________ 
C A D IL L A C 
1973 
S E D A N 
D E V IL L E 4-door. Full power. 
Must sell now! Will help finance. 
Call: Woody 433-1464 

‘74 G R E M L IN H ATCHBACK 
LO AD ED I ......................51995 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO RTS 
96oo SAN P ED R O 
341-1356 
•71 H O R N ET power, air. Excel­ lent condition. V E R Y E C O N ­ 
OMICAL. Low mileage. For more 
Intormotion call: 
J.A. 
Garza 
222-8611 

Convertible, Red Eldorado, ‘71, 
I tine, Best otter. 735-7683, 341 2811 
’73 Coupe Deville 
I Has everything. New radials. A magnificient automobile. 822-o141 
Sacrifice 5349o. Owners equity free. 
‘69 Coupe Deville. Exc. cond. 
$75o. 671-2473, Otter 4, 673-5o16. 
73 Hornet, wholesale for $1275 or best ofter, his week. 658-6963. 
‘71 Javelin SST, now tires, CB, FM 
$1,695. 349-4879. 
‘73 MATADOR, 34,ooo miles, air, power, auto, must sell $16oo. 
73+7931 Ext. 226 otter 6pm. 

‘75 EIDorado. All luxurious ap­ pointments. 5 Vogue tires. 99oo miles 73+1311 
' 

75 Soortabout Wagon. Low miles, all extras. 34+9696. 

732 - BUICK 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
7^u!c!^Jenr7T25T c!eon^runs good $6oo. 696-989o. 
T I Buick Electra 2-door hardtop! extra sharp. $1199-3515 Culebra 
435-1641 
1972 BUICK ELEC T R A 
LO ADED!! .................... $1995 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO RTS 
96oo SAN P ED R O 
341-1356 

•72 TRIUM PH TR6, bodv, motor, ports. 657-2ooo; 
734-o287 eves, sundays. 
1973 Triumph TR6 White with block interior AM -FM stereo, roil bar. Tonneau cover. 36,ooo miles. 
Im m aculate condition. O nly 
S325o 661 4261 weekdays till 5:3o 
TR7, 1975, new engine, moonroof, 
AM-FM, 8 track, 54,495. Excellent condition. 736-753o. 

725 VOLVO_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
NEW 1977 SCOUTS 
4-W HEEL D R IV E 
UP TO 515oo OFF 
WINDOW ST IC K ER P R IC E ! 
Pork Ten Volvo-Scout 
132 BALCO N ES NORTH 732-2143 
P A R K TEN VOLVO 
IH SCOUT D E A L E R 
132 BALCO N ES NORTH 732-2143 

‘74 TR-6 Red Convertible. Low miles, A M -FM radio. Must sell! 
53995. Monday-Soturday, 1o-6: 
I-ii 2-773-5877; Sunday: 822-3773. 

724 - VOLKSWAGEN 
BUGS!!! 
FRO M ‘66 thru ‘77 
C ALL B ILL: 824-442o 
'74 DASHER, air) automatic, like new. $2495. 333-8152 

Call I Suy-Sell-Used Cars 
Pot McQueen 
732-7121 

•75 Volvo 242-OL. Power, air, au­ to., A M -FM stereo, CB. $4795. I owner 49+6439; 224-7768.________ 
68 Volvo Station wogon, std, air, 
AM-FM, at 25o3 W. Martin_______ 
■7o V O L V O W AG O N std., air, am-fm, luggage rack, new tires, excellent. 492-1946. 

72b MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

I S E L L VW S 
Models from ‘66-‘77. Call: Fred 
Vasauez 82+7311 
‘7o Karmann Ghlc Convertible, excellent condition, new engine, rebuilt transmission, tm stereo. 
824 1376 after 6pm 

Brand new 1977 Corvette Silver with grey leather interior. Has every option available, only 12o miles $1o,5oo. Call: 69o-8434 or 
69o-o894 
_ 
_____________ 

71o-FIAT 

'68 M G B Roadster. Radial tires, roll bar 
Other extras. 
$1o95 
534-1966 
'76 MG Midget. Owner. Excellent condition. 17,ooo miles. 534oo. 
684-82oo, 8 to 5. 

‘73 Corona Mark ll MX, 4-speed, power steering, air, A M -F M . radials, low mileage, extra clean, 
52495 699-18o3 ofter 8pm 

NORTH LOOP VO LKSW A G EN 
732-7121 
4623 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G ROAD 

Fiat 85o Spider, 1973 3o,ooo miles. 
3om pg 52ooo 684 8984 

■76 Mazda Miser station Wagon. 4 cyl. piston engine, 6,ooo mf. 32 mpg Factory air. $295o or best offer 826-59oo eves______________ 
'73 Mazdu RX2 good cond, 3o,ooo ml, air, am-fm, $15oo. 337-738o. 

IF YOU CAN BUY A B E T T E R 
BUILT S M A LL CAR THAN AT; 
D R Y E R TOYOTA 
BU Y IT fOR THC FASTEST RESULTS 
ON A WANT AD 
THE NUMBER IO CALL 
IS 225-1666 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

'76 Silver Celica Llftback. Air, 
A M -FM sy stereo, mag wheels. 
Regular gas. Excellent! 656-1933 
'72 Toyota Ceiico. 4-spd., air, radio, radials. 51595. 69o-1o89. 

ROD EAST VO LKSW AG EN 
14o2 N.E. LOOP 41o 
828-12o1 
•74 SU PER B E E T L E am-fm, low mileage, 
734-4845 
$2175. 
Atter 
7 pm: 

‘74 Super Beetle. Air, A M -FM , extra clean. 523So. 69o-1785. 
--------------m Tsn-snre-------------- 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

BAD CREDIT? 
I GUARANTEE THERE 
IS A W AY. . . 
I CAN SEU YOU 
A CARI 
CAU: JESSE 
PADGETT’S 
USED CARS 
39o2 SOUTH FLORES 
532-5421 
I m p f O T f O T f i 1 

•7o BUICK Wogon ............. 58^5 
‘7o PLYM O U TH 4-door .... 5795. 
•69 C H EVY +door .......... 5895. 
•68 PORD 4-door ............ $795. 
‘68 OLDS +door ............. $595. 
•67 GTO 4-door .............. 5495- 
•64 NOVA Wogon ............ $395 
S M I T H ’S Used Cars 
7o5 S.ALAMO___________ 235-9144 

B U IC K E L E C T R A 225, 1972. 
4-door hardtop. V8, auto, power seats, windows, vinyl top. Radial tires SI85o 224 S473; 698 2464 

‘76 ELDORADO 
Biarritz, white, red trim, all lux- urlous options. 654-1655 eve. 
•73 ELD O R A D O 53195. 
Coll 92+o331 
'76 El Dorado Convertible. Low mileage, full warranty, light blue, white top. blue interior. All extras. 
1-44+o516, ask for Mrs. Break 
73 E L DORADO 
Exceptional, all luxury, $4ooo, 
622-3491, 227-1688. 
‘74 El Dorado, low mileage, very clean, loaded. Call days 342-2868, 
82+6839 otter 6 pm._____________ 

RIAT) CADILLAC 
117 LEXIN G TO N 
21 
1975 Sedan Deville, 19,ooo miles, excellent condition. 
$72oo 
69+2o75. 
'74 Buick Estate Wagon. Loaded, dean S365o or trode 349-o72T___ 
■74 Buick L e Sa b re nice, air, power steering. 53175. 924-8526 i 
'75 Buick LeSab re . 4-dr , all power, air. Brown, beige vinyl! top. Excellent cond. 48,ooo miles. 
S41oo. ABI o68o; eves: 68+599! 

7o Buick Le Sabre, 455, fair cond. 
$5oo. Coll 655-5376 aft 5:3o or weekends 
I v76 Buick Lim ited 455, total power, 8 track stereo, 4 door, vin­ yl top 1o,ooo miles Available I 
May 575oo. 653-oo32. 

734 CHEVROLET_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
76 C A M A R r E T S T o o w i r anc) air. A M -FM stereo tape, still in warranty. Must sell! 344-3477; 
698-2116._______________________ 
71 Cantaro auto, power, air, good cond, 52ooo. 656-8319 after 5pm. 
74 C A M ARO . Excellent cond., 
19,ooo octual miles. Factory olr, 
A M -F M , power steering. Very well cared for, adult ow ner. 
223-7674; 69+5o29. 
1973 C A M A R O , F U L L Y L O A D ­ 
ED. Like new. 826-9565, 695 8o56 
Buick R egal ‘76. 4-dr., 6o-4o. 
Seats, V8, loaded 826-1455. 
7] BU ICK R IV IE R A 
Loaded, coll Nick, 923 7748 
‘7o BU ICK R IV IE R A $65o 
922-8661_______ ______ 
'65 Buick Riviera. Loaded Great condition. 826-4582; 822-3176. 
•77 Buick S k y la rk SR . V-6, automatic, power, factory air. 
Very low m ileage. In (actory warranty. 
$4995 
Will trode. 
923-2883 
7o Buick Skylark. Good engine, needs bodv work. $35o. 734-o629 from loom to 4 pm ____________ 
•72 E L E C T R A 225 2 dr., fully loaded. 525oo. 661-3o54. 

74 ELECTRA T O 
Loaded! Cruise, tilt, +w ay seats. I 
A M -F M . ‘‘C ream P u ff" M u st socrttice. Best ofter. 736-11o3 
‘63 Electra, very good engine, fully loaded, all power. Needs transmission. $15o. 732-6124 atter 
6:3o pm Anytime Sot or Sun. 

4 X P RI S S A N D N E W S 

‘69 CAMARO. Good condition. 77 
Ile. March inspection. A ST E A L at 
' 51295. 661-4727._________________ 
CAM ARO 76 I have a white LT and a Silver 2-door, must sell I today! Will help finance. Call Ken, 
433-1464________________________ 
1977 Com oro, like new, 6,ooo miles, leaded. 674-o548. 
•74 C A M A R O LTZ-28. Loaded, am-tm, stereo tope player, low mileage. Excellent condition. Last ot its' kind! Call Ron 656-1121, or 
655-3989 
‘69 C A M ARO 54,ooo mi. 3o7 VS, power eteering, brakes, air, auto, new tires Batte ry, shocks, orange, white vinyl top. Wife's car. Must see $12oo firm 822-149o 
CAMAROS 1976. white L-T ond a 
Sliver 2-door. Must sell one today. 
Will help finance. Call: 
Ken, 
433-1464 
74 Caprice Classic. 4-dr. hardtop, fully equipped. Power windows, 
6o-4o seats, cruise control, tilt wheel. Vinyl top. 527oo. 696-8o11. 
‘75 C A PR IC E Convertible 
15,ooo mi. 342-131o; 69o-1653 

EXAS SIB SAYINGS. r n r n 

2 L IN E S 
IO DAYS 
M 

N O N COM MERCIAL! 
CANCILLA*!-* 
WITHOUT 
, RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 o 
QUICK RESULTS! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NFW S 

?3o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73IL/43 AUTOMOBILES 
73k743ABTBMolllL$ 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
736 743-AUTOMOBILES 

-Saturday Aprii 9 1977 

73^743 AUTOMOBILES 

 i i 

Compare Prices • Compare Cash Down • Compare Monthly Payments we t 
M A IN 
CARE 
UNCOLN-MERCURY 

N E W 1977 
CONTINENTAL 
MARK V stock #77o82 

 cream with gold and cream luxury group. 
Demonstrator 
2oooOO 

DISCOUNT 

NEW 1976 
CAPRI 
The Sexy 
European Import 
‘2oo.oo Down 

$ O Q 8 2 * 
W M month 
*3995 

NEW 1977 
COUGAR 
Stock #37227 

W on best new car at 
San Antonio Auto and 
Speed Show last week. 

Stock #16oo1 

*$ 9 9 82 per m onth* for 4 8 m onth* w ith $2oo d o w n tm h or trode ex eluding fox, title & license on approved credit. A n n u a l percentage rote 
11 83. Cath price $3995 Deferred price $4991.36. 

3 o 2 V-8, factory air, power steering, vinyl roof styled steel wheels, body side moldings, tinted glass, paint stripes. 
*5595 

N E W 1977 
LINCOLN 
CONTINENTAL 
4-DOOR TOW N CAR 

M idn igh t blue, fixed m oon roof, valour interior, demonstrator. 
*2oooOO 

Discount 
The Stan d ord by w hich luxury cars are judged. 

NEW 1977 
Limited Edition 
NEW 1977 
COMET 
BOBCAT 
4 -D O O R 
Stock #27o2o 

25o, 6-cylinder, automatic, power steer* mg, tinted glass, deluxe w heel covers, body side m oldings, vinyl trim. 

$ 9 9 . 8 2 p e r m o n t h 
*2oo“ Down 
‘3995OO 

*$ 9 9 82 per m onth for 4 8 m onth* w ith $ 2o o dow n cath or trode excluding tax, title & license on approved credit. A n n u a l p e rce n tage rote 11.83, C a sh price 
$3995. Deferred price $4991.36 

3-DOOR RUNABOUT 
Stock #97o29 

Rem ovable Sun-roof, styled steel wheels, white wall tires, tinted glass. 
$86.67 per month 
$2oo Down 
‘3495 

$86.67 per month for 48 m onth* w ith $ 2 o o dow n co*h or trode excluding tax, title & license en approved credit. A n n u a l p ercen tage rate 11.83. C o sh price 
$3495. Deferred price$436o.16. 

Limited 
Edition 

N E W 1977 
MONARCH 4 - d r . stock #8714o 

Tinted glass, vinyl top, white wall tires, 
2 o o " 6 '' cylinder engine. 
$99.82 per month 
$2oo 
Down per mon! 
48 month* with $2oo down rash or trode ex­ cluding tax, tide A li­ cense on approved credit. Annual percen­ tage rate 11.83 Cosh price $399$ Deferred price $4991.36. 

NEW 1977 
MARQUIS 

Stock #57142 

• 4oo V-8 

• vinyl interior 

• factory air 

• power steering 

SUPER 
SALE 
PRICE 

 tinted glass 

 body side moldings 

 white wall tires 

 remote control mirror 
5895 

T H IS W E E K E N D O N L Y ! 

THE COMMAND PERFORMANCE CAR 
KNOW 
PERFORMING AT A NEW PLACE. 
OUR PLACE. 
REGISTER FOR 
FREE 
“TEDDY R” PRESIDENT 4o Channel CB! 

TO BE GIVEN AWAY APRIL 3oth!... 

N o P u rch ase N e ce ssa ry — N eed N ot be P re se n t to W in 
MISSION CITY IMPORTS inc. 
MERCEDES-BENZ 
AUTHORIZED SALES AND SERVICE 
382o SAN PEDRO 

SAAB 
LEASING AVAILABLE 
736-2243 

734 CHEVROLET 

•72 Caprice 2 dr. hardtop V8 4oo-2 e ngin e , auto, o ir, tilt w heel, cruise, stereo, privately owned. 
$195o. 655-oo74 
‘73 Caprice Estate wTogoo 9 pas senger, auto, air, electric window and seats, cru ise , ste re o tope deck, am -fm , tilt wheel, 52,ooo miles. $2595. 494-1184 ofter 5 pm 
‘73 Caprice W agon $215o. Cleon. 
481-3414 otter 7pm- weekends 
‘75 Chevrolet M onza 2+2, V-8 au- tomatic, power, factory air. Like new. $3195 Will trade. 923-2883 

734 CHEVROLET 

■75 C h e v ro le t M a lib u C la s s ic 
Wagon Loaded! 826-9565, 695-8o56 
‘72 Chevrolet Novo, 6 cvl., auto, low mi. Good condition, $1,595. 
623-5155 
1974 Chevrolet Von. 31,ooo milos. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
_____ 
C H E V Y Com oro, 1976 Silver with 
Burgandy ’ ivin vl root and inter­ ior. Will help finance. M ust sell now! Coll M ario. 433-1464 
CALI 225 1666 

734 CHEVROLET 

C H E V Y C A M A R O 1976. S ilv e r with burgundy V* vinyl roof and interior. Will help finance. M u st sell now! Coll: M orlo 433-1464 
‘73 C H E V Y C o m o ro L T , h a s everything, immaculate. 
$3o95. 
342-2o93 
___________ _ 
‘71 Chevy Caprice, VS, 4oo. Fully loaded, 3 new tires, $1,4oo or best ofter Coll otter 5pm. 927-3o6o. 
‘67 C h e v y Im pala. 4-dr., good condition, $7oo, 674-2876 

T ota l D e l iv e r y Price p lu s ta x , title & lic e n se 
*SUPIRIoR*PoNTIAC* 

7 1 1 B R O A D W 
A Y 

734 CHEVROLET 

$1887, ‘72 Chevy im palo Custom. auto. air, excellent, term s, R ic k 
Hood- Fred Boron 341-5571 
74 C H E V Y Malibu Classic wagon, loaded. V e ry clean, $32oo. call 
654-oo63 ; 656-6163 
_____________ 
‘68 C H E V Y Malibu, excellent en­ gine. new transm ission, body so­ so. $575. 649-1431 eves, all day weekends. 
___ 
•74 C H E V Y M onte Carlo. F u lly loaded. Bfock-black. 69o-8846 aft 
4:3o. 

734 EHtVBOtEI 

1976 Demo Vega GT 
H A T C H B A C K Deluxe seatbelts, tinted glass, swing out windows, floor mots, body side molding, air | conditioned, 5 speed tra n s m is ­ sion. C o m f o r t s w heel, pow e r i steering. A-7o white letter tires. 
A M push button radio. D eluxe b u m p e rs and cu sto m In te rio r 
S A L E P R IC E 
...................*4297 
Jomtson M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 

‘73 C H E V Y Monte Carlo Landau, full power, m ust sell now. W ill help finance. Coll Tim 433-1464 
C H E V Y M O N T E C A R L O 1973 
L A N D A U . Full power. M u st sell now! Will help finance. Coll; Tim , 
433-1464 
C H E V Y M O N T E C A R L O 1975 
Landau. Full power. Will help fin­ ance. Coll: Woody 433-1464______ 
‘76 C h e vy M o n za Tow n Coupe. 
Silver. B lack bucket seats. A M - 
F M tape. A ir, autom atic. C a st iron ^cylinder. Only 8.ooo miles. 
Im m a c u la te c o n d itio n . 
$32oo-661-4261 weekdays till 6 
‘69 Chevy Stationwagon. Air, a u ­ to., power. Call: 69o-9399 
‘73 Chevy Suburban. Clean. $25oo. 
Coll: 635-842o. 
’66 Chevy. VS, auto., real good condition, $225 922-8661 
‘71 C H E V Y wagon, nice! 828-o3&3 eves, weekends 
‘68 C hevy W agon. 68,o41 m iles, air. std. Call: 344-3955 
69 C h e w W agon. I seat, 6 cyl. stand. Complete engine overhaul. 
$595. 534-7145 
‘65 C O R V A IR Convertible, auto., 
$85o. 661-7979 

2 2 7 - 5 o 4 1 

CLEANEST CARS IN TOWN 

‘76 4dr Impala, mint low ml, $46oo or bes! ofter 434-oo37 
Good Second C a rl ‘64 C hevy ll 
Wagon. $4oo. Coll: 824-82o5. 
•73 Im pala Custom loaded, 51,ooo ml. bargain $1675. 661-2986. 

72 Impala 4-door excellent. Fully equipped. M ust seel $138o 3S1S 
Culeoro 435-1641 

73 DODGE Mss* 
Mr*«», 
•HIO*Btu, Bit, p t» t, steering o»4 broll B l 
2 1 8 8 
'74 DODGE cMioBgor, i-Aw 
Kortftoe. avlMfto'K. BW, 

 pewee noon of and brakes. . . . *3 2 8 8 
74 FIAT 1-19, 
4-ipoo4, radio, hooter .... ‘3 3 8 8 
74 LINCOLN 
»• M.oeo miiotOBoryriiiBf except 
•we reel.......................... 
6 9 8 8 
7$ FORD Bit*. owtwMtk. ak, arnut rteeriof •&.< b raW , horary iattno r 
*4 6 8 8 
75PLYMoUTH f i r * hwy, 
BVtometK. air. power dee,- log sad brake*................... ’3 6 8 8 
• OPEN SUNDAY • 

7 5 G R A N T O R IN O 
Se-ra * . g « . , I oil power sod mr, I 
,4 
‘3988 I 

7 5 O LD S 
9* 
• Bf Bely 
4-door. power windows, power loots. 
AM IM lop*, (rotso control, 
19,676 wide*................ 
*598 
7 5 E L D O R A D O 
Hodod, 
2*4oo milos 
7 9 8 
7 4 T -8 M D Croom with gold cot or, ell power end ow 
‘79881 

7 6 C O U G A R 
M -7, holeinone, ow, power steering, 
, and brakes, A I M 
* 
4988 | 

‘7o im pala. 4 dr, needs repairs. 
$395 or ofter 435-5511 
‘75 IM P A L A 4 DR 
Power, air $31oo 1-629-182o 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 • Ext. 3oo 

■6* IM P A L A 327 VS g a s save rtl 
Clean, auto, $87$. 674-2o63. 
‘72 K IN G SW O O D W AG O N . Radio, air, auto. $15oo. 341-2285; 534-2652 eves. 

734 • CHEVROLET 

L IT T L E OR NO C R E D IT ? lf your have a lob and $3oo 
We con sell Y O U A car! 
C L A R K S A U T O S A L E S 
1618 W EST Ave. 
734-7969 
‘76 M alibu C lassic. Pow er, air. 
Toke over balance. T ran sferring overseas, 922 8966 

76 MALIBU $2495 
*8o3 South Flores ie cee- 'OOO 
I X PRISS AND N IW S 

‘71 M O N T E C A R LO , auto, power, air $995 . 9o*o financing available. 
224-441o 

•76 M O N T E C A R L O Lim # green with 1 j white v in y l roof, white interior. M ust see Now! Will help finance, coll Dick, 434-1464_______ 
M O N T E C A R LO , 76. Full pawer, must sell now! and will help fin- once. Coll Woody 433 1464_______ 

73 MONTE CARLO 
Toke over paym ents, no equity, rail Credit M anager, 349-6948 

734 CHEVROLET 

7 3 Monte Carlo $248o. Sacrifice. 
Owner. M ust sell. As fine a car as you'll find! 
822-o141 for information.______________________ 
'77 M O N T E C A R LO , I owner 
Low mileage, coll 924-o331 
7 5 Monza Town Coupe, all power, air. VB, auto, best otter. 674-3144 otter 6 pm. 

NEW 76 CHEVETTE 
2-door, tinted g la ss, sw in g out windows, body side molding, door edge g u o rd s. R e m o te co n tro l; sport m irrors. Auto wheel covert, while w alls, pushbutton radio, custom interior, with air con d i­ tioning Sale P r ic e ........... $376o> 
Johnson Motors, Seguin 223-52o1 1 

76 NEW VE6A 6T 
H A T C H B A C K , (inted glass swing out windows, body side molding, air conditioned, 5-soeed is trans- m issio n . P u s h b u tto n ra d io ! 
DeLuxe bum pers. S A L E P R IC E 
..................................... $4o29 
JA M IS O N M trs Seguin 223 52o) 
‘75 Nova, auto, air, power, orig, j owner oft 5: 655 3288 $2995 
1 
‘75 N O V A C O U P E $2695 
3-Speed, loaded!! 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SA N P E D R O _______ 341-135* ' 
73 Novo Custom J door. Auto air, 
3o7. Perfect condition $149o-3515 
Culebro 435 1641 
_______________ 
75 Novo Hatchback. VS, air, au­ t o , power steering, Rally wheels. I 
Excellent $295o 674 4o13_________ 

PASTIAN 
MOTOR CARCO 
1/o7 Broadw ay at Pearl Porkw ay 
___________ .224-6956. 
Toke over paym ents on 74 Chev­ rolet C ap rice N o eauttv Call 
824-o918 ask tor Fred, atter 7; 
922 7757 
Take over paym ents on 74 Nova 
Call 222-o986 ask For Dennis ofter 
8 656-4321 
' 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts on ‘75 
C o m o ro C a ll 222-o986 a sk fo r; 
Dennis ofter 8 -656-4321__________ 
Take over paym ents on 74 Chee rote! C a p rice N o equity C oll 
824-o918 ask tor Fred, ofter 7: I 
922-7757 i 
7 4 V E G A . o ir, A M F M rad io, custom interior, 4-speed, like new, 
$1,495. 655-3o62._______________________ 
74 V E G A , good condition, auto! 
$15oo. 433-1956 eves._____________ J 
73 Vega G T Wagon, am-fm, new 
(ires, $9oo *74 3845 after 7 pm 

BRYAN BAILIY 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

IS 
PROUD 
TO 
AN­ 

NOUNCE THAT BRYAN 

BAILEY 
HAS 
BEEN 

NAMEO TO THE POSI­ 

TION OF SERVICE SHOP 

(FOREMAN. 
WITH 
ALL 

UHE QUALIFICATIONS A 

-] PERSON 
NEEDS 
TO 

BECOME A FOREMAN. 

BRYAN BAILEY HAS EXCEEDED THAT ACHIEVE­ 

MENT A PERSON COULD HAVE/OR WANT IN A 

LIFETIME; OUT OF 187,ooo APPLICATIONS IN 

FOR CERTIFICATION FOR GENERAL AUTOMOBILE 

MECHANIC TRUCK AND BODY AND FENDER. HE 

PLACED 23rd WITH CERTIFICATION AND THE 

ONLY ONE IN TEXAS. 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 341-5571 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD WHERE A 
NEW CAR IS ONLY HALF THE DEAL 

735 CHRYSLER 

72 M O N T E C A K LO, pawer steer ing, brakes, factory om -8frack stereo, air, Sport wheels, 42,ooo mi. Good steel belt radials. Very good cond *23 1434_______________ 
74 Monte Carlo. Power, oir, ster­ eo M ust s#tl now! 6S6-o145. 
M O N T E C A R L O 1976. Lim e green with 1 j vinyl roof and w hit* inter­ ior. M ust sell now!! Will help fin- once. Coif. Dick 433-14o4_________ 
M O N T E C A R L O 1*76. Full power 
Must sell now! Will help finance!! 
Call . Woody 433-1464 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E cmd G M C P IC K U P S 
823 No. M ain Boerne 249 3566 
D IR E C T L IN E 
226 5515 
7 5 C h ry sle r C ord ova. a A - ^ M , air, auto., power. C ruise Control. 
142oo 342-8674 ofter 6 p m _______ 
'69 Chrysler Newport. By owner 4 new hres. 822-o53o._______________ 
'7o C h rysle r New Y o rke r. V e ry clean Loaded! $975-349-9235 
74 C H R Y S L E R N E W P O R T load ed, like new $315o 655-3156 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo NW LO O P 41o af Culebra 
684-661o_____________ 
*75 Cordova, fully loaded See al corner of IHtO and Callaghan. 
696-3598___________________ 
JA C K R E IG E R 
C H R Y S L E R - P L Y M O U T H 
581o SA N P E D R O 
717 SJM 

735 CHRYSLER 

TAKE A SHORT 
SCENIC DRIVE 
TO 
BOERNE 

ESE SAVI HUNDREDS SSS 
Of DOLLARS ON ANY 
• CHRYSLER 

• PLYMOUTH 
• DODGE TRUCK or 
• GMC TRUCK 
BOERNE 
MOTORS, INC. 
823 NO. M AIN 
BOERNE 
DIRECT S.A. 
2 2 6 - 5 5 1 5 

736 DODGE 

71 N E W P O R T Custom Excellent condition. 
M ust sell 
$135o 
828-8o38 
7 ! TOW N A C O U N T R Y C hrysler wagon. 1-owner $115o. 344 9546 
IM I NUMBtB t o CAU 
IS 225 166ft i X PRI SS AND N IW S 

C H A L L E N G E R R T 1V 7o 
44o 
M agnum , less than to,OOO mi on 
; new engine New tra n sm issio n , am tm stereo cassette, new tires. 
$2,ooo Daniel 924-2o*9____________ 
7o C H A L L E N G E R VS, auto. a n i power $75o 922-8661 
■74 C H A R G E R , loaded, call Nick 
I 923 7748___________________________ 
I 73 C h a rg e r S E B ro u g h a m 444, 
1 loaded, oir, am-fm 8 track, 43.ooo mi $235o or best offer 344 163o 

’BB BART GTS 
Excellent condition. $895. Also 71 
Buick 
Skylark, 
$885 
648-1131. 
656-2678 
______________ 
74 Dart Sport 36o engine. A M -F M ste re o ra d io , a ir c o n d itio n e d power steering. $34oo 341-4679 ask tor Hoppy Nights. 1-249-2471 
7 o D o d g e C o rp n # ! 44o, p o w e r steering, oir, am-fm stereo, $1195. 
344 993o , 342 2o88_____________ 
75 bodge Dart, auto, on, cruise control, 533oo 349 59o2___________ 
■72 D o d g e D a r t C le a n , econ- omicol $1*oo Atter 6: 696 11o4 
69 Dodge D o r! radio, heater, air, power, new point, v e ry clean. must sell' 924-15o8 
____________ 
1971 D o d ge D e m on 34o, $12oo 
69* 2748 after 5 3o 
_ 

‘74 Dodge M onaco $199o 
Beautiful shope! 828-6959 anytim e 
75 Dodge M onaco 4 dr Loaded, clean. Sa crific e tor loan value. 
$225o 533 337o 
__________________ 
•67 P O L A R O. G o o d c o n d itio n 
$5oo Colt 699-1745 atter 5 p m. 
— 
S O S I A ST R I S U U S 
P l A C I T O U S W A N T A O 
IN T N I t X P S t S S N I W S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

72o 743 AtnOMQBIUS 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S N 
E 
W 
S — 
S a t u r d a y A p r i l J ? ^ 9 7 7 

73o 743 4yToMOHi,tS 
,'3o 743 AUToMoBIUS 
73o 743 AUIOMCIUIS 

738 743 AOTMHBiLIS 
73o 7434UT(H»oiIlES 

7 3o 743 A U ! O H M E S 
73o 743 4UTOMOBIt.ES 
73o /43 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY F O R ; 
( m e c h a n i c a l i n s u r a n c e 
I 
C O V E R A G E 

Th© P o lit y T h o * t o t * T o o S ig n A w a y M o s t O I 
Th© C o t * O f M a j o r M « c h o © tto l R e p a ir * T or 1 1 
M o n t h * O f 
1 1 , o o o M ilo * . W h ic h e v e r C o m e * first! 

> 
* M O T O R S IN S U R A N C E C O R P O R A T IO N * 

CHECK THESE FINE 
LOW MILEAGE CARS 

' 7 ft r \ n n r t Oort * do<K‘ u * on’ wrt*1 bio *” vmY lin 
/ Q D O D G E tenor, automat!:, 6 cylinder, cola air power steering nod broket, rodto, wery nice and , economical *22518 

 u n l u u i i A i i e n GIX Coupe, dork blue metallic, 
/ U P L Y M O U T H black vinyl tool, blue buckets, con sole, shift, sport wheels and tires, immaculate con , dition AM w foetors tope, 65,337 m ile s................. 
A 1 | > ( Cutlass A aoor, beige with gold interior, 
7 o O L D S automatic, VS, ait, with power steering, and brakes, drives excellent *2476A 

’ T I A i n e ^u,*ass Coup®, brome with ton vinyl roof, 
7 1 O L D S bronie interior, automatic, V8, on, power, hurry for this................................................... 

 y i j o v t i C D ^ " 'P o1* touP*. tttoroon white vinyl 
J s C H R Y S L E R top, moroon interior, automatic, VB, air with power Extra dean *2281A 
/-u c w v Concours wagon, light green, dark green l l C H C V Y interior, automatic, 35u VS, air, power, luggage rack, rodio, extra clean Only..................... 
- Cutlass Coupe, gold with brown interior, l l O L D S automatic, 
V8, air, power steering, ond , _ , _ _ brakes, 54,439 Miles, Special 
2 6 9 5 
' T i c r s D r s *'rt" ’ *ormo ^P°r* Coupe, tkirk blue, blue 
7 3 F O R D vinyl roof, outomofic, V8, on, power 47,787 miles, dean car................................. ........... r | / Convertible, light green coupdr white.top, 
7 3 B U I C K automatic, VS, on, all power, dual electric seats, windows, and door, locks, tilt cruise control, AM 

1 3 9 5 

1 7 9 5 

1 4 9 5 

1 9 9 5 

1 4 9 5 

> 1 7 9 5 

* 2 9 9 5 

IM stereo, sharp........................................... 
Vista Cruiser wagon, automatic, V8, white 
* 2 7 9 5 

* 3 4 9 5 

* 2 9 9 5 

*2 9 9 5 

73 OLDS brown woodgrain paneling, an, powei, lug gage rack, AM-FM stereo Excellent........................ 
Custom Cruiser wagon, yellow ton interior, 
7 3 O L D S automatic, VS air, power steering, power brakes, AM-fM stereo, like new 45,945 miles........... 
* 7 o A l A C 98 Coupe, light green white vinyl roof, green 
1 3 O L D S doth interior, automatic, V8, air, power, in dudes, power windows and seats, tilt wheel, extra clean................................................................ 

8or* $wm9er' 2 door light blue, white vinyl 
7 3 D O D G E roof, blue interior automatic, 6 cylinder, 
, an, power, was: S2495 NOW 
2 1 9 5 

’ 7 4 A l A C ^u,,ois 
* 2 door burgundy white vinyl rool, 
■ 
J 4 O L D S automatic, VS, air, power, sport minors, dean 
3 4 9 5 
' I A A l A C Cutlass Supreme, 2 door, cream, tan vinyl 
7 4 O L D S roof, outomotic, V8, air, power, like new, ( . O A . 
24,876 mibs, come early for this,............. 3895 
88 Royale coupe, bronze, white vinyl roof, 
7 4 O L D S white vinyl interior, automatic, VB, arr, power, tilt wheel, AM EM stereo, extra clean........................ ' 3 4 9 5 

’ 7 A D I I l f I# C®5abre, 4 door, light blue, white top, blue 
7 4 B U I C K interior, automatic, V8, air, all power, power windows, door locks, cruise control, power seats, tilt wheel, AM fM stereo, 42,812 miles, No Buy 
Anywhere Like This 
.......................................... 
. , Hornet 4 door, ton, fan vinyl roof, automatic, 
J 4 A M C 6 cyilinder, air, power steering and brakes, radio, dean economical and roomy........................ 
Cutlass Supreme Coupe, white dark blue, vinyl 
7 5 O L D S roof, white interior, automatic, VS, an, power, 
Cruise Control, AM-FM stereo, nice ond clean .......... 

 k,on<* *-en,ons Coupe, sky blue, white 
7 5 P O N T I A C Landau roof, sport mirrors, ond wheels, automatic, V8, air, power, tilt wheel, AM-FM stereo, shorp 
- 
Century 2 door, silver, silver landou roof, 
7 5 B U I C K white bucket seats, with console, shift, automatic, VS, air, power, sport mirrors and wheels, 
AM-FM stereo, with 8 trade. Special........................ 

’T C U C D f i i D V Monarch, bronze, buckskin Landau 
7 5 M E R C U R Y roof, leather Tike interior, automatic, 
3o2 VS, air, power steering ond brokes, very shorp, 
13,731 low low miles 
Century Custom wagon, bronze, brown 
7 5 B U I C K vinyl interior, automatic, VS, air, power, power windows, teor de fogger, AM IM stereo, only 
29,6o1 m iles...................................................... 
_ , f t D A 
Mustang ll Silver, Silver Vinyl Roof, bucket 
7 5 F O R D seats, 4 speed, console, 6 cylinder engine, air, AM-FM Sport Mirrors and wheels..................... 

 o i i i f i# ^ ec,,° Limited 2 door Landou, cream with 
7 6 B U I C K brown londau roof, crushed velour interior, split seats, every available option and one beautiful tar. 29,ooo Miles................................................. o i i i © i / Centuiy 4 door cream white vinyl roof, 
/ O B U I C K automatic, 35o V8, air, power, brown cloth interior, hit wheel, 16,517 miles, Excellent Condition 
SBR Vice, W H A T 
IT S ALL A B O U T 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES 

* 3 4 9 5 

* 1 7 9 5 

* 4 3 9 5 

* 4 1 9 5 

* 4 5 9 5 

* 4 1 9 5 

* 4 4 9 5 

* 3 4 9 5 

* 7 6 9 5 

‘ 5 3 9 5 

Gunn 

7 5 o N .E . L O O P 4 1 o A t B R O A D W A Y 
8 2 4 - o 4 1 1 

C O M P LET E W EA T H ER REPO RT — CALL 6 8 1 t© Y o © 
^ Today’sBest Off e r s 

P IC K -U P S & ETC 
73 INTERNATIONAL Travel All station wagon, power, automatic, a i r .......................... 1 
'73 CHEVY 3/a ton, V-8, 4-speed transmission ..........1 
'74 CHEYENNE V-6, IWB/F. S., power, automatic, air conditioned ............. 
* ir r.M f W ton, Hi-Sierra, power, autom atic, air ton- 
75 GIW. d )tio n ed............... .......................................... 

*2 2 9 5 
*3395 
*3295 

•4395 
? 3 5 9 5 
*3595 

'TO ru n /D n iF T v -8 , 
IW B , 
Fleetside power, 
72 CH lVKU LcI outomotiCi alr conditioned . . . T ____ 

'75 FORD 15o STY U SID E PICKUP, 4-speed transm ission 

’75 FORD I 5 o Styleside, 3-speed transm ission . . . . . . . 
'74 BLAZER cheyenne, 4-w heel drive, pow er, auto­ matic, air-conditioned 
, 

'75 l l CA M IN O Standard, low m ileage, pow er steering , 

‘75 TRAU DUSTER Plymouth, air c o n d itio n e d ................. 

7 6 S U N B I R D speed, vtnyl*fop o ir . toodiMon* - '. 5. ’ 3 2 9 5 

7 5 V O L V O d d fo n e ^ do or> e d an \ 4 ' sp8ed,.o ir to n ' ‘ 3 9 9 5 

7 5 A S T R E r r r r d hoU hba<k<oup" ' .........................‘ 1 6 9 5 

7 6 F I R E B I R D ^ * rodmop.ictoop* T,ons Am . p o w e r. * 4 7 9 5 
• i s n i n / u R e gal hardtop coupe, power, outomotic t n e n r 
7 4 B U I C K air conditioned . ..................................... 
I I F D i l l f i t fatale W agon, 3 septs, stereo, power, } « q q c 
7 5 D U IV . K outomotic. airco n d itio n e d .........................J 7 T J 

7 7 R O Y A L M O N A C O power, automatic, air, j i i j r 
7ooo m ile s ................................................................4 / 7 3 i w e i i s i l C D I f 1/ 6-cylinder sedan, automatic, pow - s n n n r 
/ 3 m A V t K I L I V er, air conditioned, 7,IO O miles • • . I r f J l i e C f A M D Plymouth 6-cyiinder, haidtop coupe 
/ j L A I t l r automatic, air conditioned. 
16.ooo t n n n r miles .................................................................... 
I i 7 3 

’6 9 M G B 
Convertible with snug t o p ..................... 
1 3 9 5 

7 3 C O U G A R X R automatic, air conditioned. . . 
* 2 9 9 5 

7 5 I M P A L A air Conditioned ! . r r r . r: 
* 3 5 9 5 

7 3 C A P R I C E matic, air con rationed ’ .*!*. . . . . au,°: * 2 3 9 5 

7 3 M O N T E C A R L O conditioned !T . . pow er: °.,f. . * 2 5 9 5 

7 5 F I A T autom atic . 
* 2 2 9 5 
H P K I A S I T r © A Brougham , V8, oil pow er, air con- 
/ J M U N I t u U ditioned, outomotic, A M -FM Ste- $ n r « r roo with t o p e ............................... 3 3 7 3 t i n n j H f U 
Century lu su s haidtop, 4-door, power, J O O Q f i i D U I u n automatic, a ir c o n d itio n e d ............................... J 
TRANSPORTATION SPECIALS 
*6 8 CH EV EL LE 
Wogon, powei, air 
9 9 5 

'7 1 F O R D Country Squire 9-poss., wogon, dual fating rear seats. *9 9 5 

7 o M O N T E C A R L O 
Coupe 
*9 9 5 

7 2 V E G A 
Coupe 
*6 9 5 

7 2 IM P A L A Sedan 
*9 9 5 

'6 8 C A D IL L A C El Dorado Coupe 
‘ 1 o 9 5 

'7 1 T O Y O T A Corona Mark I Coupe................................ . . . . ’ 7 9 5 

'6 8 IM P A L A Sedan............................ 
*4 9 5 

'7 o C H E V R O L E T Kmgswood Wagon................................................*7 9 5 

'6 5 L IN C O L N Continental........................... 
7 9 5 

--- 
U V V r a n 

M ultiply Y o u r S a v in g s ! 

AT OUR 

\ § Q 
9 > o . o 
o 
O w 
o 
o 
o 
o 

* ' " 
EASTER 
SPEC IA L S A LE ! 

76 CATALINA 
*4888 

76 GRAND PRIX wheels, many extras, stock #f12-1o94 Rro" ye *4788 

' T C f ^ D A K I h D D I Y 
Lully loaded, AM radio w /8 track, vinyl roof, $ 4 o o o 
/•J 
V 7 I\ M Iy U r i \ I A and many extras, clean cor. stock #12-11o2 
H O O D 

175 CATALINA 
*2995 

175 GRANDAM ! i S K i i ,a a 
' a r i378l: 

 l 7T A 
R I 117*17 C l C 7 *T D A 
2-dr. hardtop, factory air, oil power, 
I / 7 
D U I v I V C L C v l l\ M and extras AM & FM stereo stock 
SO A A C if 1o-W8...................... 3465 

I ' T A 
/ I D A M D D D I Y C I fat,ory alf. f«H power, AM & FM ster- 
I * “ g^, r l \ I A o J eo, vinyl roof bucket seats, stock #9- S J J Q Q 

[74 CATALINA br abey cli th 'seat s ° itocE #6-687 *A * "I* 9!. power *2585 

174 CATALINA power brakes, stock #7-754 
*26351 

74 GRAND PRIX 
’365o1 

 j 73 DODGE stock^1 1 o o 2 5coupe fo£,orv loaded ond oX,tOi *1995 

72 LUXURY L E M A N S t S f J i l u i o u r > 19881 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 B R O A D W A Y 
• 
92o B R O A D W A Y 
227-5o41 
• 
O P E N E V E N IN G S 

RIATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo MU 12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

SEVILLE 
BuSy-....*12,45o 

, 7 7 SEDAN OeVILLE 
A 
77 Blue Blue 
*1o,25o 

*76 Red-Red 
*1o,45o 

76 G re e m G re e n ..*lo,95o 

, 7 , ELDORADO 
7 6 Convertible- 
* . P 
Yellow 
*15,49o 

, .— .BROUGHAM c i a a p a 
7 6 Green White .. 1o,25o 

, , , COUPE OeVILLE 
/ 6 White White .... 

, 7 _ ELDORADO 
/ 5 Rosewood-White. 

SEDAN OeVILLE 
/ 5 Green W hite___ 

, 7 _ SEDAN OeVILLE 
/ 5 Blue Blue.......... 

, 7 C COUPE OeVILLE 
/ 5 Tan-Tan.: ___ 

CA VEN D ER’S 
“ SPECIALS” 

*4995 
*3695 

*5695 

*5295 

*2495 

*3895 

*3995 

*5495 

*4295 

*2795 

*5495 

*3695 

*3795 

*4695 

*4995 

*"TI f U C l / D O I E T Ll Camino Classic, factory air 
/ O L .n C V rVV/L E I oH power and extras, sharp ... 

 s w a A 
,| % c 
98 
8®9®ntY 
Jedon' fattofy oir' 
o,1 
/ J U LU ) power and extras, sharp.............. lye fbi rte Coronado Coupe, factory air, all power 
/ 5 U LU) and extras. Special.................... 
’T i fU ClfV **on,e Gorio Coupe, factory air, oil , 
76 VrltV Y power and extras, only 1o,ooo miles.. 
ITO A l IYC oo1,o 88 Ho,idoY ^ dan> fuctory air, all 
7 J U LU) power and extras, vinyl top, cleon .... 
*TA A in e Cu,*aM Sa,on< 4-door, factory air, all 
74 U LU ) power and extras, dean al Coupe, factory air, all power 
75 BUICK and extras. Was $4865. Now i y , A | n e Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all 
7o ULU) power and extras, stereo, cruise, m ags.. 

 i y r A l n e Cu,,oM Supreme Coupe, factory oir, all 
7 J ULU) power ana extras. Special................. 

’TA. D A U T I A f Sunbird Coupe, 4-cylinder, stan- 
76 PUN I I A I . dard, I-owner, original dean ----- 

 i w . F i i n u r i r n Cordoba, factory air, oil power 
76 CHRYSLER and extras, 13,ooo miles ...... 

 i i r f i i C if Mo,i8u Classic station wagon, factory 
75 CHEV air, all power and extras................. 
, - . j. - Custom Cruiser station wagon, factory 
74 ULU) oir, all power and extras, roof rack .... 

'7 A M C D f I S D Y Monar(,> 4-door, factory air, a ll, 
/ o mcKV.UK I power, and extras, low mileage, 

, y . . . n r 
Cutlass 442 Coupe, factory air, all 
7 6 ULU) power and extras ......................... . 

1 2 ,o o o M IL E O R 1 2 M O N T H M O T O R S IN S U R A N C E C O R P . 

M E C H A N IC A L IN S U R A N C E A V A IL A B L E O N M A N Y O F O U R 

7 4 O R N E W E R M O D E L S 
“CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

B u d g i 

75 K 
- c , ‘779o 

75 S K K ". 
‘699o 

74 K T 
*599o 

I r e n t a c a r / r e n t a t r u c k / f l e e t s al e s 
QUESTION: 
WHAT DO YOU DO WITH FLEET RENTAL CARS? 
ANSWER: 
WE GIVE PEOPLE EXCELLENT CAR BUYS! 
FROM OUR FLEET WE NO W HAVE AVAILABLE: 
A M C 
PACERS 

. ELDORADO 
7 4 White Orange 
*649o 

’ T i l SLOAN OeVILLE s c C A A 
74 Yellow Ton 
*559o 

ELDORADO 
7 3 Red-White . 
*445o 

$ 

FROM: 3 o o o 

'76 
CHEVETTE 
HATCHBACK 
’76 OLDS 
C U T L A S S S U P R E M E S 
’76 PONTIAC 
G R A N D P R I X S 
’76 AMC GREMLINS 

$ 
FROM 2575 

 f r o m $4 5 5 5 

FRO M $4 8 8 4 

 f r o m $2 7 3 5 

W 
E HAVE ALSO AVAILABLE: N O W SEVERAL '77 M O DELS 
THAT ARE A P P R O A C H IN G O U R SALES M ILEAGE LIMIT 
’77 COUGAR 
’77 THUNDERBIRD 
BUICKS OLDS CUTLASS OLDS DELTA ROY ALES 
PACERS 
GREMLINS 

BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 
338 N.E. LO OP 4 1 o 
S A N A N T O N IO , TEXAS 
SEE DO N HAM I FLEET MANAGER 
_349_-4441 

73? FORD 

7 o F O R D 
F a trta n e w a g o n , loaded. V e r y cle a n , 1-ow ner. 

737 -FORD 
I 737-FORD 

7 
71 F o rd Gataxie, good cor, by owner $1o5o. 923-o789. 
737-1o8o 
737 FORD 
'66 F o rd G olaxie. 2-door, fully equipped. V e ry good condition. 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 

• b i Falcon, 4o,8oo m iles, clean, good gas $8oo 653-8o79. 
•72 F o rd G o la xie 4-door F u lly e q u ip p e d . 
M u s t liq u id a te . 
$12oo-3515 Culebra 435-1641 

 f O R D G R A N A D A , 2 door londau 
Must sell today Will help finance, call Ken, 433-1464 

A V A IL A B L E 
Take up paym ents with Qualified credit. Applications accepted by phone No application refused 
M R 
E A R L 
227-1415 

•69 F O R D Country Sedan wagon, 
39o VS, new engine, radials, clean. 
$9oo 653-243o 
•71 Ford Country Sedan W agon. 
Runs well $ i 5oo 341-8425. 
73 Ford Country Sauire B ro u gh ­ am, looded 826-9565, 695-8o56 
1957 F O R D , 2-door, 6 cyl., stan ­ dard transmission, 534-2282. 

76 F O R D Grenada, loaded. 13oo mi. $4995. 822-938o 
BIG COUNTRY FORD 
Son Antonio 
Call: 227-o86o 
F O R D G R A N A D A 2 door Landau. 
Must sell now! Will help finance. 
Coll Ken 433-1464 
‘71 Com et G T, 2-door, hardtop, 
3 speed sta n d a rd tra n sm issio n , 
3o2 engine, very good condition, 
$1,495 333-6533 or 923-2661. 

7o Ford 2-door hardtop G olaxie 
5oo'. auto power $65o 349-9235 
7 4 F O R D G ra n Torino, 2-door hardtop, full pow er. M u st sell now. Will help finance. Call Joe, 
433 1464 
’75 F O R D E L IT E $3995 
Call 341 3933 
E Y E C A T C H E R 
7 2 G ran Torino Sport, limn. cond. 
1976 F O R D E L IT E , fully loaded. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
'73 F O R D G ro n Torino, 4 door, 
5165o. Call 341-3933 

14 Falcon. 2dr, acyl, auto S3oo iood cond. S43oo 
'7 6 F O R D E L I T E 
1o,ooo mi. loaded J48oo 656-1965 

74 Ford G ran Torino 4-door. Yel­ low. Green interior. 351, V-8. Auto, air. 46,ooo miles. Excellent condi- | 
I tion. O nly $225o-661-4261 w eek- i days ‘tm 6: j 
7 4 F o rd L T D B ro u g h a m . A ir, I power, new tires ond brakes. Bv j owner. S2995 658-2o37____________ 
71 F o rd L T D . 2-door, V8, a ir , j 
$12oo Call: 341-o982 
_________ 
72 Ford L T D 4-door. Excellent drive. M ust See. $12oo-351$ Cute- bro 4 3 5 - 1 6 4 1 _______________ 
Ford L T D 71, 4-dr. Sedan Power, I excellent. 532-7494; 494-583o. 
72 F O R D LTD, fully loaded, 2 dr hordtop, $2ooo 681-357o__________ 
F O R D M O T O R Credit Repo. 76 
M U ST A N G ll, most soil now. Will help tinance. Coll Woody. 433-1464 
F O R D M otor Credit Repo: 1976 
M U S T A N G ll. M u st sell now !! I 
Will help finance. Call: Woody 
433-1464__________________________ 
‘68 F O R D M U S T A N G 
V8, auto. $1ooo. Jim. 661-4511 
| 
IN IHF f X P R lis N fW 5 
CAII 225 1666 

'68 Ford M ustang Coupe 289 stan­ dard. Needs m inor repair. $995 
Coll: Don Yarborough 222-86)1 
7 5 F O R D P IN T O 3-door r u n ­ about. outo, oir. M ust sell now, will help finance. 
Call 
Larry. 
433-1464 

, , A COUPE DeVILLE 
’7o Beige Brow n 
*199o 
OTHER MAKES 
BUICK RIVIERA 
- 
76 Beige Ton 
*745o 
PONTIAC GRANO 
TD prix 
. . . . . 
Maroon White__ 5 4 9 o 
, , , CHEV. IMPALA 
7 6 Coupe Blue...... '445o 
CHEV. IMPALA 
76 Coupe-Yellow ....*445o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY-1 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2274282 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 

O p e n M o n .-F r i. 8 A . M . 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. 8 A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

?37-mo___________ 

G R A N A D A 
1976, a u to m a tic , power, air, V-8 engine. Will help finance. Call: W oody 433-1464 

’76 G R A N A D A 2-door, 
Take over paym ents, no equity, call Credit M anager, 349-6948 
75 G ranada, low mileage. V e ry 
; clean. $345o. 653-o749 661-4354 
76 G R A N A D A , low mileage 
Clean. 822-7155 

LOW MILEAGE, 
ONE OW NER 
USED CARS 

’75 CORDOBA S I T '' $oo QC 
— 1585 Just for................... 
O 
T T J 

7 5 DUSTER L ma£ "t ; 

 power steering, AM-radio 

* 7 o f U D V C I C D Newport 
I L \ . n i \ l J I L K automatic, air, power steering, power brakes, 
AM-rodio, *1648................... 

’ 7A F U R Y l l 4Door 
/ ® t i u d 
I l l autom atic, air, power steering, power brakes, 
$ I IL Q C 
AM-FM radio, ^1674 
I O 
T J 
’71 D O D G E charger 
/ I Lf MU OI. automatic, air, power steering, power 
$ I A Q C brakes, AM-rodio, *1684— 
I Q 
T 
J 
’72 D O D G E ch° 9er l o U v u V J t automatic, air, power steering, power S Q A Q C brakes, AM-rodio, *1694— 
A T tT n# 
’7C DUCTED Alrtomo,ici air- 
/ J M U J I C A power steering, power brakes, 
AM-radio,$ O Q O ^ 
3*17o3..................................... A 
T 
T 
J 
’76 V O L A R E der, automatic, air, power steering, radio, $ Q Q O C low mileage, * 1 7 1 1 ............ 
O 
T T J 

7 5 CORDOBA1" 
$4oo1; 
3*169o................................ • f T T J 
7 6 D O D G E H r 4 2 spde°e°d 
$ 9 o o * ; overdrive, low miles, *1738 
O 
T T J 

’ T C N I C D T I ID V Montego, 
2 
/ J l Y l C K L U K l door, power, 
E Q C 

 air, low mileage, 
*1589 
o 
3 
T 
J 

A M f Gremlin standard, 3 
IO H I Y lv Speed( radio, heater, $o9o £ 
14,ooo miles, *1 71 8....... JLL I J 
OVER 8o LIKE 

NEW PRE-O W NED 

CARS IN STOCK 

 lf y o u ’ll g o out o f y o ur w a y , w e ’ll g o out o f our w a y to p a y y o u back. 

HRYSLER- 
LYMOUTH 
UY 

L O O P 4 1 o A T C U L E B R A 
6 8 4 -6 6 1 o 

•71 F O R D Pinto 2-door, no down and wilt help finance. Call Tim. 
433-1464 
F O R D P IN T O 1975, 3 door. R u n ­ about. Automatic, air. M u st sell now! W ill help fin a n ce ! C a ll: 
Lorry 433-1464 

* 
7 
o 
o 

COMBINATION FACTORY-DEALER 
REBATE 

ON EVERY NEW 1976 
OPEL 

LIMITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M. 

B U I C K CO. 

45oo SA N PEDRO 
734-4221 

★ INSTANT CASH ★ 
P A ID O N THE SPO T 

CLEAN USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 

USED C A R DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
94oo SA N PEDRO 

NEW 7 7 DODGE 
ASPEN 
2 -D O O R 
C O U P E 

Equipped with Radio, Economical 
6 Cylinder Engine, Wheel Covers, 
W hitewall Tires, Vinyl Bodyside 
Moldings. 
Two to Choose From— Stk.#264 & 265 
SALE 
PRICE 

 n u m 
— 
« z c 

‘ 3 9 9 5 
DELIVERED IN 
SAN ANTONIO 
O.R. MITCHELL 

' I - j -T H 

1 1 3 o B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 7 -2 2 8 1 
EVENINGS 

737 FORD 

1967 M U S T A N G . M int condition! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
'69 M u sta n g 3o2, new tires, point, 
2 o -fM P G . Stereo 684 1865 
‘67 M ustang. 4-spd., extra clean. 
1165o. Coll: 661 6498 
'65 Mustang. V8, 289. Good condi­ tion, 4 new tires, chrom e wheels. 
$18oo. 653-3678. 
M U S T S E L L Pinto Sauire Wagon, 
‘73. Low mi. oir, auto. Radio, lug rack. E x tra clean, m ust see to appreciate. Book value $2125. Will toke $1795. 653-5193; 735-1515. 
'75 P IN T O , auto, air, power, ster­ eo, V-6, 653-7538. 
74 P IN T O 2 door, outo. 15,ooo original mi. No equity, take over low payments. R andy 681-3692 

‘75 P IN T O 3-DR 
Toke over paym ents, no equity, call Credit M anager, 349-6948 
‘76 Pinto M P G , 2 dr, auto, air, 

738 - LINCOLN 

BANKER'S CAR 

Im m a c u la te '7 5 M a r k IV white on white, blue interior all e x tra s. 18,ooo m ile s, priced for quick sale. Inter ested parties only. 1-374-2122 

73 Continental M a rk IV. Low mi 
L ik e new. $515o. T a k e tra d e . 
699-1333, 7267 W urbach. 

69 L IN C O L N M A R K III. clean, loaded. M ust sell soon 623-53o9 
Lincoln M ark IV, 75. 26,ooo miles, black over black. Black leather int. All options except moonroof. 
IC B included. Perfect cond., 7 7 plates. Private owner. $9ooo firm. 
Eagle 
Pass: 
1-773-8342 or 
11-773-6318. 
- 
Lincoln M a rk IV. ‘76. Loaded, low radio, heater, bucket seats, good ; miles, I owner. 828-3367, 9 to 6; condition. 225-6727, 826-5394. 
___ 
'73 Pinto R unabout. Auto., air, am-fm stereo. $1595. 658 o383 
1973 P IN T O S Q U IR E W A G O N 
826 9565 695-8o56__________________ 
‘72 Pinto with 74 motor, already fin a n c e d . 
C a ll 
A R 
C h e e k 
1-996-3611 oHer 6__________________ 
7 5 Silver L u x u ry group T H U N 
D E R B IR D . Low miles. A L L the extras! Priced to sell quick. Call: 
Don Yorborouqh 222-8611 
_____ 

342-969o ofter 7. 

Station W agon ‘67 Ford, auto , air 
Good gas mileage. 822-o219 
____ 
'74 T -B IR D . B y owner. Loaded. 
$4675 or b e st o ffe r. T e r r y : 
734-8171 ext. 3o4; 342 4o44 Otter 6. 
‘71 T -B lrd . E xce lle n t condition 
In sid e a n d out. M a n y e x tra s . 
$21oo 673-o673 aft 6 w eekdays 

•75 G R A N T O R IN O 4-door, auto. pow er ste e rin g , air, no equity take over low paym ents. R andy 
681-36*2 
______________ _ 

‘65 F O R D 55o, 6 Std. 
1st. $495. 732-3824 ru n s good 

76 Ford Torino Sauire Brougham 
W agon. Auto , oir, cru ise , tilt wheel. A M -F M , lug rack. $25oo below 77 model. 654-oo97_________ 
•76 F o rd T o rin o . 7,ooo m iles”. 
Loaded. M ust sell! $38oo. 681 1321 
‘67 Ford Wagon. Automatic, air, 
$8oo. Coll 349-724o_______________ 
‘74 Ford W agon. VS, auto., air. extro cleon. 69o-1632_____________ 
'67 Golaxie 5oo, 39o 4 dr hardtop, w ife 's co r, g o o d con d , 77,ooo mites, $795. 341-5762 atter 6 pm. 

IM M A C U L A T E 
1975 Elite, loaded for som eone who wonts som ething a little dit- ferent 695-89o8___________________ 

K IN S E L Ford-M ercurv 
Pleasanton, 
S A. Phone 626-2791 
‘75 L T D 4-DOOR 
Loaded, coll Nick, 923-7748_______ 
'72 LT O 4-dr hordtop. Air, power steering, brokes. 5165o. 698-261o. 
•74 M A V E R IC K , 4-door. 6 CVI loaded Nick, 923-7748_____________ 
•72 M averick White, red and blue stripes. Air, power, good cond. 
$129o 69o-1o1o, 341-1946.__________ 

73? FORD 
737 • FORD 

1965 M U S T A N G 
333-2553 

•66 M U S T A N G 
$85o. 226-o291 

‘65 M U ST A N G , auto air 
_______ Coll Nick, 923-7748________ 
’67 M ustang 6, auto., air, lime, excellent. 51495 655-8393__________ 
'67 M ustang 6. Auto., oir, radials, excellent. $1295. 341-396o._________ 

M u sta n g C o n ve rtib le W anted: good condition; call early am or evenings. 826 835o or 828-2629. 
'68 M ustang 6 cyl., power. Best otter After 4:3o: 344-28o6________ 

 b l M U ST A N G , extra nice, 6 cvl. standard, air. New steel radials. 
433 3487 
________________ 

'75 M ustang ll M ach I, black and gold, new T A SO rad ials, turbo mags, Panasonic am-fm 8 frock, 
Gabriel striders. Show room con­ dition, 
19,ooo miles, 
$34oo. 
494-288o.__________________________ 
74 M U S T A N G It, V-6 
Low Mileage. 922-7762 
•69 M ustang M ach I, P-S, air, disc brakes, A M -F M 8-track, new in­ terior, 39o cu " engine, 4-spd, TA radials. Needs som e body work. 
$15oo or best otter. 699-o264 or 
342-5)94 

‘74 T H U N D E R B IR D 
T ake over paym ents, no equity, 
I call Credit M anager, 349-6948 
| '72 Thunderbird. Loaded. $21oo 
Atter 5: 623-4o98.__________________ 
•72 Thunderbird. Loaded Perfect. 
$26oo Call: 341-5824.______________ 
75 T H U N D E R B IR D 
B lac k on b la c k. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
492-9279 ofter 7: p.m._____________ ___ 
'68 Torino G T convert. V8, auto, j '48 power, air. Individual. 824-98o8 

'69 Lincoln super clean, lu xu ry unlimited. $1195. 656-8768_________ 
‘72 L IN C O L N Towne car, 4 door, com pletely loadec). Will help fin- ance. call Woody 433 146B4_______ 
L IN C O L N 1972 Town car 4 door 
C o m p le te ly lo a d e d ! M u s t se ll now !! W ill help finance. C all: 
Woody 433 1464___________________ 
‘71 M A R K III, low m ileage 
E X T R A N IC E ! 924-o331 
74 M ark IV, all extras, 42,ooo mi. 
$6,5oo or best otter 822-o352.______ 
I '75 M A R K IV, all lu x u rio u s ap- j pointments. coil 923-7174__________ 
'74 M a rk IV. Black on black, bur­ gundy Interior. Loaded, new tires. 
Priced to sell. 229-15oo, 534-1522 
Mr. Owens________________________ 
'72 M A R K IV, L O A D E D ! 
_______ Coll Nick, 923-7748________ 
M a r k IV , '73, M e ta llic g re e # , 
44,ooo mi. Cleon, $3,8oo. 696-7476 
74 M a rk tv, 27,ooo miles 828-6355 atter 7: 696-o3o3 

739 MERCURY 

■64 Com et C o n ve rtib le , clean, good shape-$395 cosh. 1-762 3711 
Hardtop. 

'74 TORINO. $1695 
68o3 South Flores 

738 -LINCOLN 

•71 M ustang M ach I. 3o2 VS, std , air. power steering. 24 mpg. Im ­ maculate! Owner. $25oo. 341-2933. 

'67 L in c o ln C o n tin e n ta l, ru n s good, ready to roll $35o. 224-o497. 
‘74 Lin c o ln Continental 4-door 
Leather. New tires. $45oo 695-3355 
’69 Lincoln 4 dr sedan, new M i- ch elin tires, excellen t ru n n in g condition. $16oo. 655-791o after 5 

C O U G A R 
2-dr. loaded. 
K IN N E Y M O T O R S 
3928 Broadw ay ________ 828-2213 
73 Cougar. Excellent condition 
Lo a d e d M u st liquidate. $1988 cosh 3515 Culebrg 435-164!_______ 
75 C o u g o r, loaded, 15,ooo mi 
$45oo. Best otter. 653-3883._______ 
73 C O U G A R XR7, all pow er’ air g o o d c o n d itio n . $23oo F IR M 
657-2924 otter 6.__________________ 
■74 Cougar XR7, brown, I owner excellent cond. $325o. Call Sap 
736-7395 

I IM PRESS-NEWS BONUS A D S 
I________TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. 

2 LINES $ 
IO DAYS 
7 

NON COMMERCIA I! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
225-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73o 743 ADTOMOSfUS 
73G 743 MUoMo8ILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— S aturday April 9 I 9 7 7 

73o 743 ABTOIireilES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743-AUToMo6ILES 
73D-743-AimHWo8ll£3 

YOU'LL n 

NOW They're A U Here A l JACK RIEGER 
SEE WHAT'S 
MEW FOR 
YOU! 
*631o 

N E W P O R T 2-Door Hardtop 
In 1977, Newport is setting the pace for motoring style! With its fine grille, deluxe wheel covers and elegant bright moldings, Newport is unmistak­ ably designed to impress you. 

STK. NO. 7126 

NEW YORKER BROUGHAM 
FULL SIZE 4-Door Hardtop 
The 1977 New Yorker Brougham is the most magnificent of all Chryslers, with its classic grille, concealed headlamps and impeccable styling. It's the talk of the town. 

_ t i T U E 
H O U S E 

_ 
*5742 
CORDOBA 
Tho Affordable Chrysler 
A personal automobile of marked distinction and character. In 1977, 
Cordoba's very attainable price makes it even more satisfying to own. Many magnificent options are available to satisfy your taste. 
Seeing is believing! STK. NO. 7158. mourn 
WITH r n ACCENT 
OH SAVINGS! 

*5333 
GRAN FURY 
FULL SIZE 4 Door Sedan 
Roomy, elegant comfort for six pas­ sengers features Pompeii cloth-and- vinyl bench seating, handsome 2- spoke steering wheel, modular in­ strum ent panel w ith sim ulated woodgrain accents. STK. NO. 7116 

'5258 
VOLARE Premier Coupe 
The accent is on comfort and styl­ ing! The optional Landau vinyl. 
Standard color-keyed vinyl body molding and stripes, underline Vo- lare s stylish shape. STK. NO. 7221 
^ A T J Aru 

J 
A 
C 
K 
R 
I 
E 
G 
E 
R 

5 8 o o CHRYSLER 
- V l 
SANPEDRO 
• - * 
732-8211 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES 

GET BOTH QUALITY and PRICE. 
2 o o GOOD BUYS — MAHY LOADED WITH EXTRA ACCESSORIES 

STATION W AGONS 
75 LTD IO passenger Country Squire...................* 3 9 9 5 
74 CHEVY 9 passenger Impala station wagon.. .*2 9 9 5 
75 AMC Matador station wogon........................*31 9 5 
'75 PINTO Squire station wagon..........................*3 3 9 5 
73 GRAN TORINO Squire Wagon.................... .*2 7 9 5 
73EoRD IO passenger country sedan............... *2 7 9 5 
72 VOLKSWAGEN Bus....................................*2 2 9 5 

HEAVY CARS 
71 CADILLAC El Dorado, (lean........................... ‘ 2 7 9 5 
72 CADILLAC Sedan Deville..............................‘ 2 4 9 5 
73 CADILLAC Coupe Deville..............................‘ 41 9 5 
76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville..............................‘ 8 9 9 5 
73 LINCOLN Mark IV, 2 door..............................‘ 5 3 9 5 
73 LINCOLN Continental Town Car...................*3 2 9 5 
74 LINCOLN Continental Town Cor...................*4 8 9 5 
75 PONTIAC Catalina, 4 door............................‘ 3 4 9 5 
75 THUNDERBIRD 2 door................................‘ 5 5 9 5 
76 THUNDERBIRD 2 door................................‘ 7 9 9 5 
74 BUICK Century luxus 2 door..........................‘ 3 1 9 5 
74 OLDS Delta 88, 4 door..................................‘ 3 1 9 5 
74 BUICK Century luxus 2 door....................... ‘ 3 1 9 5 

74 CHEVY Monte Carlo, 2 door............................‘ 3 5 9 5 
75 THUNDERBIRD 2 door, loaded..................... ‘ 5 5 9 5 
75 GRAN TORINO 4 door..................................‘ 2 9 9 5 
76 PINTO Squire Runabout............................ * 3 3 9 5 
75 GRANADA 2 door.................................,...* 3 2 9 5 
76 HONDA Civic, 2 door, loaded ................... ‘ 2 8 9 5 
76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville, 18,ooo m iles 
*8 9 9 5 
73 CADILLAC Coupe Deville..............................‘4 1 9 5 
72 CADILLAC Sedan Deville..............................‘ 2 4 9 5 
'69 CADILLAC 4 door........................................ ‘ 1 6 9 5 
75 PINTO 2 door...............................................‘ 2 5 9 5 
75 PONTIAC firebird, 2 door ............................‘4 1 9 5 
71 CHEVY Impala, 4 door..................................‘ 1 o 9 o 
72 FORD 4 door...............................................* 
9 9 8 
71 COUGAR XR-7 2 door..................................‘ 1 o 7 5 
'69 TORINO 2 door...........................................* 
6 9 o 
WHOLESALE TO THE PUBLIC 
'64 BUICK 2 door.............................................‘ 3 7 5 
73 PINTO Squire Station Wagon....................... *1 1 7 5 
71 CHEVY Impala 4 door.................................. ‘ 1 o 9 o 
'69 TORINO GT 2 door.................................... .* 
6 9 o 
'69 CHRYSLER 4 door...................................... * 5 9 9 
72 GALAXIE 5oo 4 door 
....................... * 9 9 8 

7o MUSTANG 2 door........................................» 7 7 5 
71 COUGAR XR-7 2-door................................. ‘ 1 o 7 5 
•67 COUGAR 2 door.........................................* 7 7 5 
69 LTD 4 door ................................................» 5 7 5 
COMPACTS 
7o MAVERICK 2 door........................................ *1 3 9 5 
66 MUSTANG 2 door........................................ ‘ 1 3 9 5 
'68 PONTIAC Firebird...................................... ‘ I 3 9 5 
'69 CHEVY Novo, 2 door.................................. ‘ I 3 9 5 
'69 CAMARO 2 door.......................................... * 1 5 9 5 
'71 DODGE Demon, 2 door............................ l.* 1 7 9 5 
'72 PINTO 2 door............................................ ‘ 1 4 9 5 
73 MG Convertible Coupe ................................‘ I 9 9 5 
'73 CAPRI 2 door.............................................. ‘ 1 8 9 5 
'73 MUSTANG 2 d o o r........................... . . ‘ 2 9 9 5 
'74 VOLKSWAGEN 2 dooJ................................‘ 2 1 9 5 
74 CHEVY Novo, 4 door.................................... *2 7 9 5 
74 CAPRI 2 door.............................................. ‘ 2 4 9 5 
74 MUSTANG ll 2 door.................................... ‘ 2 7 9 5 
’74 PINTO 2 door...............................................*1 9 9 5 
’75 PONTIAC firebird, 2 door..............................*4 1 9 5 
75 MAVERICK 4 door........................................ ‘ 2 9 9 5 
'75 PINTO 2 door.............................................. ‘ 2 4 9 5 

‘YO U CAN AFFORD A FORD FR O M GILLESPIE’ 
GILLESPIE ® 

23oo Broadway 6 227-1411 
2311 Broadway *227-1415 
2411 Broadway * 227-1419 
2755 S.W. Military * 923-4541 
2o14 Goliad Road * 333-672o 
1722 Austin Hwy. * 826-3287 
SEUS • LEASES • RENTS 

APRIL USED 
CAR SPECIALS 
, _ r /va r \ r Cutlass Supreme 2 Door, White, White 
| / J ULU) Vinyl Top, AM-FM Stereo Automatic, 
Power Steering, Power Brakes, 8 Cylinder, Air, Red ta a q a 
Velour Interior, Only 15,ooo Miles...........................**» J Y U , 
I . . . n „ | , „ Riviera, White, White Landau Vinyl 
75 BUICK Top, White Vinyl Interior, AM-FM 
Stereo, Automatic, Power Steering, Power Brakes, 8 
Cylinder, I Owner.................................................. 
. — . . 
. 
■ 
I * . I Bobcot Hotchbock, Red, AM- 
I 76 MERCURY Radio, Automatic, Air............... 
Continental 4 Door Green, White 
73 LINCOLN Vinyl Top, Fully Loaded, All Power 
And Air, AM-FM STereo.......................................... m n /* L i 4 D°or- Silver Blue, with Blue 
1 76 MONARCH Interior, AM Radio, Automatic, 
Power Steering, Power Brakes, 6 Cylinder, Air, 7,ooo - A , ■ 
Miles.................................................................., 4 j Y U 
I n e r Grand Prix, Green, Green Landau 
73 PONTIAC Vinyl top, AM-FM Stereo, Auto- { a q q a matic, Power Steering, Power Brakes, 8 Cylinder, Air.. , 4 7 / 1 1 n u l U i r n i U 
Continental 2 door, fully loaded, 
I 
74 LINCOLN oil power and air, blue, blue vinyl j . . . . top, blue leather interior, 6 way power seat...............4 o J U | t*»Q m o r t Tor’no' AM-todio, automatic, power 
73 FORD steering, power brokes, 8 cylinder, air, blue, blue vinyl top, blue bucket seats, console . . . . 
STX ft* C D /'t ID V Mon,erreV Custom, gold. goM 
7 4 iV IE K C U K T vinyl top, AM-radio, automatic, power steering, power brokes, air, low miles... 

*549o1 

*329o, 

*329o1 

*229o| 

*299o1 

 ft* T D /1! ID V Mar(!u's' 4doo'' 9reen' flree" 
I J lY lt K L U K T vinyl top, radio, automatic, AM- radio, power steering, power brokes, 8 cylinder, air, speed control......................................................... 
. . . n / n n u Cougor Xr-7, cream, cream Lon- 
76 MERCURY dau vinyl top, AM PM stereo, automatic, power steering, power brakes, 8 cylin­ der, a ir 
'...................................................... 

’74 CAPRI standard ........................................ *239o1 t l l Continental, 2 door, light blue, 
75 LINCOLN white vinyl top, white leather in- tenor, AM-CB radio, fully loaded, all power and a ir... O Y J U | 
Elite 2 door, blue, blue Landau vinyl top, 
75 FORD AM PM stereo, automatic, power steer­ ing, power brakes, 1o,ooo miles 
............... 
_ _ _ _ . _ Hatchback, yellow, radio, standard, 
’75 BOBCAT 4 cylinder ............................... rU C L # V ConcoUrS 4,ot'on "°g°n- blue, todio, 
72 CHEVY automatic, 

*389o 

*499o1 

*439o1 

*259o, 

 power steering, power j a a q a brakes, air................................................................. Z X Y w | 

» ^ r r u r t f v Mon,e <‘ar*o, ,'*V8r’ w^',e 
,op‘ 
75 CHEVY AM-FM cassette, automatic, power steering, power brokes, air, speed control, bucket seats 
.........3 W U 
. - u r U V Monte Carlo, white, block vinyl top, 
74 CHEVY AM FM stereo, cir, power steering, 
JQ Q Q A power brokes, 8 cylinder, a ir.....................................J J Y U 
. . . 
Riviera, red, white london vinyl top, . . . . . 
75 BUICK fully loaded, all power and a ir j / j U 
, n A l IYC Gutless Supreme, 4 door, green, block 
72 OLD) vinyl top, AM-FM tape, automatic, power steering, power brakes, air.........................................a J Y U 

Our Goal? “ No 
Unhappy Owners” 
92o7 SAN PEDRO 

( lllk . North of loop 41o) 
341-8841 

OUR I ST SALE 

ON 1977 COMPANY & EXECUTIVE CARS 

OUR COM PANY AND EXECUTIVE CARS ARE USED 
EXCLUSIVELY BY US FOR ONLY 9o DAYS. 

RIGHT NOW WE HAVE A GOOD SELECTION OF NEW 
1977 YORKER BROUGHAM 4-DOOR HARDTOPS. 

THE MILEAGE ON THESE CARS RUNS FROM 1,6oo MILES 
TO 3,ooo MILES. 

THIS IS THE BEST SELECTION WE HAVE EVER BEEN ABLE 

TO OFFER IN THIS LUXURY CAR, WHICH IS THE TALK OF 
THE TOWN. 

THESE CARS HAVE NEVER BEEN LICENSED; SO THE NEW 

BUYER WILL BE THE FIRST OWNER UNDER THE FACTORY 

WARRANTY. 

THESE CARS WILL BE SOLD AT ONCE AT A SUBSTANTIAL 
SAVINGS! 
(REMEMBER AS ALWAYS) 
“ W e’re The Dealer That Makes The Price Right’’ 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“The Dealer That Tells It Like It Is’’ 
28oo BROADWAY 
E V E N IN G S 
(Across From Brackenridge Park) 

739 MERCURY 
739 MERCURY 
739 

DRIVE A LITTLE 
$ A V E 

I 

'J A * * * * * 

V 
\ 
ONE OF 
\ \ 
THE OLDEST 
AMC DEALER- 
1 1 
SHIPS IN 
#/ 
* “ 
SOUTH TEXAS J J 

 w 
There's more to an AMC VY 

PACER WAGON 

AMC PACER 

HORNET WAGON 

ALSO: 

WHEEL HORSE 
Lawn and Garden Tractors 

I 

FOR EASY 
HOMETOWN 
BARGAINING 
SEE US . . . 

V 
’ 

, c k t m rn * 

 i 
NO l f 
TOLL CHARGE %\ 

! | 
UNIVERSAL 
I 
\ | 
CITY NUMBER 
| 

658-3351 i/ [ 

- 
I 

I mj* 

/ : 
- d h 

ROYCE HARBORTH 
MARVIN BRETZKE 
TINT GRIFFITH 

SERVICE DEPARTMENT OPEN SAT. TILL 
LL NOON 

•• 
' 
" I 
- 

 tent# 1/1A A A A AlaaaaaaaaAXXXXXX) 

\ 
/ 
SOECHTING MOTORS INC. 
Authorized Sales & Service For 
AMERICAN MOTORS 
7o3 E. KINGSBURY 
SEGUIN, TEXAS 

7 3 9 -MERCURY 

‘ 7o 
M E R C U R Y 
M ontego, 
6 c y lin d e r s ta n d a rd , good g a t mileage. $795. 648-424o.__________ 
‘71 M ercury M onterey. Clean, runs good. *1o95. 734-o86o arter 
4:3o. 
‘73 Mercury Montego MX. Power steering-brakes, a ir, auto, 4-dr, pillared hardtop. One owner, low mileage. 32395. 349-5o9o 

Saturday and Monday Sale— THIS LOCATION ONLY! 

• COMPARE PRICE • COMPARE QUALITY TO ANYONE ELSE 

These are cars the cleanest ones in San Antonio— See us first 
74 M ercury M onterrey 4-door 
Sedan 
Good condition! 
$245o 
655-825? 
'66 Mercury. Yellow, good condi­ tion, clean. 5575 or best o fter. 
494-3284 after 5pm 
____ 
‘75 M onarch. Bronze m e ta llic. white L an d a u top. A ir, AM, c ru is e control. 661-478o. 
’74 MONTEG O. $1595. 
68o3 South Flores 

74o OLDSMOBILE 
Clean 1976 Used Cars At: 
BUDGET RENT A CAR-349 4443 
338 N.E. Loop 41o of Airport Blvd. 
'77 Cutlass Brougham , loaded, must sell! 826-829o 
Cutlass Salon *75 2-door Fully loaded excellent condition. Buck­ et seats, DeCuxe interior, it . OOO miles. 822-1868 arter 6:p.m. 
‘73 CUTLASS Supreme E x tra clean. Call atter 6pm, 927-3729. 
‘76 Cutlass Supreme. Excellent, loaded, 
96oo mi. 
349-48o2; 
492-15o9. 
CUTLASS 
SU P R E M E 
1976. 
Bucket seats. Must sell! Will help finance. Call: Greg 433-1464 
‘73 Cutlass Supreme Coupe. Ask­ ing $239o. Very clean. Runs good 
828-6959. Will trade. 
‘77 Cutlass Suoreme. V6, loaded. 
14oo miles. 435-7o38. 

V E G A Hatchback, 4 ipeed, air, 34,ooo mites ....... 
*1589 

1 PINTO 2 door, 4 speed, 15,ooo miles 
................. *2289 

PINTO station wagon, automatic, air, 
............. 
2689 
. . . . . . RX-4 2 door, 4 speed, air, AM-FM tape, m o a n 
MAZDA 3t.ooo miles 
*2889 
CADIS pick “ P. short wheel base, VS. pawer and rU K U air, su n ro o f.......................................................... 
JU D T 

G R A N D TO R IN O 
4 door, loaded 
........................ 
‘ 3 o 8 9 

 i PIN TO MPG automatic, air, 16,ooo miles 
....... 
‘ 3 1 8 9 

I TR IU M P H 
TK-6 31.ooo miles 
‘ 3 6 8 9 

I CUTLASS Supreme loaded 2 door, 38,ooo mites 
‘ 3 6 8 9 

I M U S T A N G ll loaded, 14,ooo mites ................... 
‘ 3 9 8 9 

I G R A N TO R IN O Station Wagon, loaded 
*4o89 

 i OLDS Delta Royale 2 door, fully loaded 
‘42 89 

I LTD 
4 door, loaded 21,ooo miles 
‘ 4 2 8 9 
, A n . Pick Up short wheel base, camper 12,ooo se c a n 
I FORD miles 
‘4589 

I FORD 
Van “ Good Times,” fully loaded 
......... 
‘ 6 3 8 9 

 i G R A N A D A 2 door, .co d e d ....................................... 
‘ 3 5 8 9 
HEMPHILL-McCOMBS FORD NORTHWEST 
BANDERA ROAD AT N.W. LOOP 41o • 681-1431 
* SERVING USAA ★ MEDICAL COMPLEXES * LACKLAND ★ N.W. QUADRANT OF THE CITY 

GREMLIN 
........................................ 
>1289 

DODGE Cob n Chassis, 47.ooo miles 
............ 
‘2489 

CUTLASS 
Supreme 2 door, loaded, 
............ 
‘2289 

FORD Crew cob, automatic, power, air 
*2489 

DATSUN Pickup, 
............................................. ‘2589 

HONDA 
CVCC station wagon 
‘2589 

TOYOTA Corona station wagon, automatic, air 
‘2689 

1 LTD 4 door, loaded 
‘3389 

I VEGA Hatchback 5,ooo mites 
‘3489 

I LIMANS Sport Coupe, loaded 
‘4489 

1 LTD Brougham, loaded 
‘4189 

IVW 
Bus automatic, air, 12 passenger 
‘4389 

I ELITE Fully loaded 
‘4889 

I MONTEGO 
MX 4 door, looded 
‘5289 

'72 Delta 88 like new, fully loaded, 
I owner, $145o . 349-8973. 
•73 Delta 88 Royal. A ir, power, 
$1995. 653-3221, 221-2624. 
76 OLDS Cutlass Supreme. 2-door hardotp. am-fm stereo, tape deck, b ucke t seats, t ilt wheel. F u ll power. Must sell now. Will help finance. Call Larry. 433-1464 . 

'73 OLDS Cutlass Salon, 4 door 
$235o. 341-9412 
______ 
_____ 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

'76 OLDS REGENCY 4-door Ex­ tra clean! Loaded. Must sell now! 
Will help finance. Call: Woody 
433-1464 
76 Starfire GT. 18,ooo mi Air, Fm stereo radio. Call: 
342-6158 or 
341-6461 

'6? Olds 442 Cutlass. I owner. Air, power, steel radials. 732-2oo2. 
OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME 1976, 
2-door hardtop. AM -FM stereo tape, bucket seats, tilt wheel, full 
| power. Must sell now! Will help finance. Call: Larry 433-1464 

Take over payments on ‘74 Cut­ lass Supreme. Call: 222-o986 ask tor Dennis arter 8:-Call 656-4321 

73 OLDS CUTLASS Supreme 2-dr hardtop. 
1-owner. 
826-9565, 
696-8o56 

TO SETTLE ESTATE 
1975 Cutlass. V8, 4dr. Cotlonade. 
Dark blue metallic. 21,ooo miles. 
As is. $3875. Wkdays a m. only 
22o-4916 

‘75 Olds Cutlass Supreme. Fully loaded, excellent cond. Low miles. 
344-3991 atter 5. 
•71 Olds Delta Custom. Local one owner. 4-door. Excellent $995-3515 
Culebra, 435-1641 

W ife's ‘76 C utlass Suprem e 
Brougham. Fully equipped, ex­ cellent cond. New car ordered. 
657-1o67. 

74 1 -PLYMOUTH 

‘73 Olds Delta 4-door. Looded. 
Nice! 
$1399 cash-3515 Culebra 
-435-1641 

$8oo 
197o Olds D elta 4 door 
824-973o 
‘1976 Olds Delta 88, Fully Loaded, 
655-29o5. 
•73 OLDS Deita Royale, am tm stereo, loaded $22oo ‘72 Olds 
Delta 
Royale, loaded. 
$1/oo. 
656 1965 
75 Olds Delta '88' Royale 2-door hardtop. Loaded!! Must sell now! 
Will help finance! Call: Woody 
433-1464 
’71 OLDS 4 door, low m ileage. 
$125o. Call 341-9412 

1973 and 1974 Plymouth Satellites. 
Power steering, brakes, automa­ tic transmission, air conditioned, tinted glass, radio, heater. Excel­ lent condition. Must sell! Call an­ ytime: 736-6133 

’71 P LY M , F U R Y III 
$695 air, automatic. Runs good! 
828-6959 

74? PONTIAC 
742 -PONTIAC 

76 Bonneville Brougham 4-dr. hardtop, power, am tm stereo, tapedeck. 856oo. 494 1165 atter 5 
72 Bonneville t door Immaculate condition 
$148o 
3515 
Culebra 
435-1641 
•72 CATALINA Brougham, all ex­ tras. $1295. 344-372? 
‘69 CATALINA, door, air, power steering brakes, radio, 4 good j tires, clean in and out. Con be seen anytim e, Adams H ill 9619 
Five Forks, $5oo. 
'6? Catalina. 2-dr, new tires, very good cond. Great gas mileage! 
Must sell! 69o-o564 after 5:3o. 

LaB am ba! ‘69 P ontiac. 4-dr., tape, AM-FM, air. $425. 826-1736 atter 6.________________________ 
‘72 LeMons 2 dr hardtop, auto, air. I owner, 81695. 656-677o_____ 
Mechanics special 64 Bonneville 
$2oo 684 18o3. 
‘73 P ontiac B onneville, 35,ooo miles, air, radio, $2ooo, 924-9316 atter 6pm. 
•71 Pontiac Bonneville, 4 door hardtop, air, power, 
$995, 
349-5o94 

743 MISCEIUHEOUS AUTOS 

" G O O D CARS 
76 Malibu ..............................$2495 
‘74 Buick LeSabre ................$1995 
75 Ford T o rin o ..................... $2195 
75 Montego .......................... $1895 
•74 Ford T o rin o ............... $1595 
■6? Coupe Deville ................... $??S 
_______ 68o3 South Flores 
__ 
TR ADE W INDS Auto Sales 
•W E F IN A N C E * 
3oo3 SW M ILITARY 
922-27o3 

744 

’65 2 door CATALINA. Heat and a ir, good tra n sp ortatio n . $295. 
732-7987 anytime. 
•71 FIREBIRD 
$1775 176o29! 

•72 PONTIAC C atalina 4 door hardtop. Like new before damage to righ t r e a r door and Q u a r t e r panel. Will sell as is or by piece. 
(915) 347-6349 or nights (915) 
347-6742 

75 FIREBIRD FORMULA 
Excellent condition. Must see to a p p re c ia te . 
Loaded. 
$4795. 
652-3712 before 4 p.m. or 658-5658 
Otter 4 or 658-6616 

‘73 Pontiac LeMans Sport Coupe, fully looded, m etallic blue with white vinyl top, white in te rio r. 
$29oo. Call 674-o41? anytime. 

‘76 Firebird Trans Am Showroom 
New! $5888. Take trade 699-1333; 
7267 Wurzbach 

75 Pontiac LeMans Sport Coupe 
B ucket seats, console, e x tra clean! and nice Must sell this week. 
Call: 
Dan 
Yarborough 
222 8611 

‘72 Plymouth Duster. Standard, very economical drive. 
$995 
349-9235_______ _______________ 
‘ 72 P lym ou th 
F u ry 4-door 
Dependable family car. $1o9o 351$ 
I Culebra 435 1641_____ __________ 
•74 PLYMOUTH ................... $2695 
Gold Duster, LOADED 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
96oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1356 

74 FORMULA, l-owner 
Low mileage Call 924-o331 
69 Grand Prix excellent comic lion, new tires, power and air I owner, SHOO 223 3456__________ 
Grand Prix 'Ii, loaded excellent 
$455o 674-2528, 673-2481. 
75 Grand Prix LJ. fully loaded. 
$54oo 684 3293 eves 

’64 Olds. 2 dr, air, power, *325. 2o7 
Lexington. 226 686o 

I iT n o r t h i d PARK 
[LINCOLN-MERCURY 

’74 Cougar XR-7. im m aculate! 
5415o. Coll: 655-7554.____________ 
‘74 Cougar XR7. Loaded, reason able. New Braunfels, 1-899-9717. 
‘74 Cougar XR7. Loaded, reason- abte. New Braunfels, 1-899-7917. 
‘75 Cougar XR7, loaded. 4-channel stereo. $455o. 492 121o___________ 
‘ 71 Cougar XR-7. loaded, A l cond., S179o. 341-7483. 

FOR THE GRADUATE. ‘73 XR7 
Convertible. Excellent condition. 
$35oo. 341-1o39 

HNH Is Selling QvaHty 
Used Cars From Our Rental Fleet 
(1976 Used) 
1331 SOU'-K TERMINAL 
For Inform Ilion Call: 826-9665 

75 MERCURY G ran M arquis, 
White, loaded, e x c e lle d cond. 
548oo. 434-o6U; atter 5: Mickey 
Smith, 654-1274 

73 M e rcury M a rq u is 9 Pass 
Wagon. Loaded. I owner. Excel- lent cond. 924-4452, 344-o559. 
‘72 Mercury Marquis Brougham, loaded, excel., $1995 655-oo96 

73 Olds Omega 4 dr sedan, 42.oGo m iles, excellent condition, a ir, auto, radio, 35o VS $1895. Days 
224-18o1, evenings 344-7292 

‘67 PLYMOUTH H ardtop, new tires. Cleon 1st. $495 732-3824 
‘73 Plym outh Satellite Sebring 
Plus. 2-dr. hardtop, loaded. Extra clean. $215o 533-337o. 

76 GRAND PRIX, Loaded 
CALL NICK, 973-7748 
•76 GRAND PRIX Real bargain! 
$48oo 333-2518 

•76 OLDS 98 Regency, 4-door, very fop of the line, with all power and accessories. Must sell Now! 
Will help finance, call M r. Mun- dine, 433-1464 
‘74 OLDS 98 Regency, has all ex­ tras S375o. 226-7498 
75 Olds Regency 98. 2-dr, loaded 
$435o. Call: 494-2792. 

•64 Plymouth V8. Auto., real good condition $225. 922-8661. 

GRAND P R tX ’S 1973 and 1974. 
Extra Clean1 Come in and make an otter Colt: Woody 433-1464 

74 Satetlite Custom 9 passenger wagon, fully equipped, excellent condition, $22oo. 433-4918. 

76 G R A N P R I X loaded 
CALL NICK 973-7748 
74 G R A N P R I X M d ! 
J, f u lly loaded $49oo 822 938o 

’68 PONTIAC $395 
New license Runs good 828-6959 
'6? Pontiac. I owner, 4-door hard­ top. Excellent condition 684-1938. 

CUSTOMIZED CARS. 

SPEED RACING CARS 
72 Nova Race Car Complete, less motor. 733-9171, 432-3215. 

M S - TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS, BUSES 

ALAMO WHITE TRUCKS 
816 PROBANDT 
224-2131 
‘76 Blazer Cheyenne package, 2 w heel d riv e , e x tra s . $6ooo 
224-o489 otter 3 pm. 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
BANK RATE FIN A N C IN G 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227-5o41 

72 Blazer. Cheyenne Pkg. 2-whl drive, extras 732-4833 eves 
•74 BLAZER, loaded None nicer, extra low mi 435-576o eves 
•73 Blazer loaded, call 4pm 7pm 
684-6629 
75 B lazer, loaded, Cheyenne package, mag wheels, big tires, 
532-7826 

75 Trans-Am 4oo Hurst 4-speed, good condition Alter 5: 494-66oo 
75 Tran* Am Loaded, excellent 
Must sell! $53oo or best ofter 
691-1515, 333-4197. 
Valiant ‘64 auto, 6 cvl, new alter­ nator, new starter, 2o mpg, $325. 
922-9o89. Thurs to Sat.___________ 
7o Valiant 4 dr. slant 6, auto, must sell, $6oo. 432-871o eves. 

73 Oran Prix SJ. Power, AM-FM 
8-track, air, $25oo 824-13o8. 
I 
•67 GTO, power steering, V8. auto console, new tires, new shocks. I 
$695. 337-8926 

 tO R TMI I AST! ST RESULTS 
O N A W A N T AD 
TH I NUMBER TO C A II 
IS 2 2 S - 1 o 6 6 
EXPRESS ANO NEW S 

‘ 76 
B L A Z E R . 
4-w heel d r 
Cheyenne in te rio r. Auto, a ir, 
L trailer hitch. Mony other extras. 
S6475. 824-3389_________________ 

' 
$2795 
$34?S 
S3S9S 
$2795 
. . 
, u rn 
Hild Auto Sales 36oo S.W M ilitary 
BUS, 72 passenger Good motor. 
I body, new tires. $2ooo 624-2739 
CENTURY WRECKER SALES 
Distributors Century Wreckers 
16o3 NO. ALAMO 
225 614* 

197o Blazer 4X4, loaded 
•73 Jimmy 4X4 loaded 
74 Chevrolet '» ton 4X4 
‘72 Scout 4X4 sharp! .. 
76 F o rd ' iton 4X4 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 
DIESEL 

Bob Tankersley has been name* vice president and general manager of Mission City Imports, 
382o San Pedro Ave. He for­ merly was with Main lincoln 
Mercury, serving seven years as sales manager and I 4 years as general sales manager. He is a graduate of Thomas Jefferson 
High School and attended Texas 
A&M. Tankersley and his wife Jo jreside at 26o5 Old Moss Road. 

A U T O M O T IV E D IS P L A Y 

Continued from Page I 

 automatic transmission provides rating of 24 city. 33 highway and a combined rating of 27. 
The high miles per gallon gives the 
Rabbit a very long cruising range — well over SOO miles on the highway — so fuel stops are infrequent and nothing to worry about. 
Diesel fuel is not sold at your average neighborhood self-serve pump, but there are many diesel pumps on the highways, and all around the loop. 
With gasoline prices inching up a little every couple of months or so. it's hard to say how much cheaper diesel fuel is. but we generally found diesel cheaper than self-serve no-lead, and always cheaper than full service premium. 
The Rabbit diesel is the least expensive diesel to be sold in this country with a port of entry price of $4,145. Initial plans call for 1o.ooo diesels to be imported dur­ ing the balance of the ‘77 model year. So even if you walk into your dealers and lay the cash on the counter, you may not be able to buy one. 
Plans bit hazy 
Plans for the 1978 diesel Rabbit are a bit hazy. Although the diesel is a generally clean gas engine, its high operating tem- 

AU TO M O nvt DISPLAY 

 peratures make it difficult to reduce the oxides-of-nitrogen emissions. 
Unless Congress changes the standards, or some new technology comes along, the next model diesel might be a while in arriving on these shores. 
VW already has developed, and certi­ fied with E P A . a high mileage diesel 
Rabbit that gets 65 m.p.g. highway and 5o m.p.g. city ratings. The extra mileage comes from a lower ratio axle and a four-speed manual overdrive transmis­ sion. 
Several people have remarked that' they would not buy a diesel because of the starting problems in cold weather. 
Well, it was not really cold the week I drove the diesel — that is, it never got anywhere near freezing — but I found cold morning starts no problem at all. 

Started instantly 

It took from 12 to 15 seconds for the glow plug warning light to go off, then the car started instantly. Once you drive away and warm things up, starting is not a problem for the rest of the day. 
Now it may be that in colder areas you might have to wait 45 seconds to a minute for the pre-heat to work. I really can’t say, but its not a problem here. 

AU T O M O T W t O IM L A Y 

British Leyland Motors Inc. has anne need a $454 sports car. The Midget, measuring 143 inches overall reduction in the retail price of its remaining 1976 M G with an 8o-inch wheelbase, is powered by a four-cy- 
Midget sports cars. The reduction to $3,495 at ports of Tinder, 15oo cc overhead valve engine. Its EPA rating is entry makes the Midget the lowest priced convertible 37 miles per gallon on the highway. 

A U tO S » n v « M C K A Y 
*"* 
: 
AUTOMOTIVI D4MLAY 
GIANT april 

• OPEN SATURDAY • 

1 9 7 7 
THUNDERBIRD 
1977 LTD 
4 DOOR SIDAN 

Automatic, 
Air, Tinted G la ss, Pow er 
Steering Pow er Brokes, 2 Piece Vinyl 
Top, Deluxe Bum per G ro u p , Exterior 
Decor G rp. 

ASK AIO U T OUR 
CXTCNOCD W ARRANTY 
ON NKW ANO USKO VEHICLES 

IO - 

77 MUSTANG 
2 DOOR HARDTOP 

5723 

Specials 

V8, Automotie, Air, Power 

Steering, Power Brokes, 

White Side WoJI Tires, Tint 

Windshield 
*4999 

LIMITED 
EDITION 
4 Cylinter, 4 Speed, 

Air, Wheel (overs, 

Tinted Gloss, Power 

Brokes, White Side Well Tires 

S>* 

1977 PINTO 
LIMITED EDITION 

’ Excludes freight, Dealer Prep, and Tax, Title and license 

Specials^ 

1977 LTD 
COUNTRY SQUIRE 
WAGON *7211, 
*7218 

1977 GRANADA 
2 DOOR 
LIMITED EDITION PKG. 
*7o59 

6 Cylinder, 4 Speed 

Overdrive, Wheel (overs, 

Tinted Gloss, White Side 

Woll Tires 
*3995 

PRICES ARE GOOD WHILE THE CARS 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

TV&ene a new ccm ic only tie deal} 

Phone: 3415571 
I SAN PEDRO CA mil* north ot loop 41o) 
SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 7*218 

341-5571 

SWING INTO SPRING WITH 
A BENSON USED CAR OR TRUCK yellow, 6-cylinder, loaded, new tires, AM ra d io .......................... # 2 o o IB 
_ 
_ white, 454 engine, 4-speed, 
#4 CORVETTE loaded, power windows, T-top........... # o 8 1 1 white, 6-cylinder, automatic, power steering, radio, a i r .....................# o 8 5 8 beige, 4-speed, radio, air, economy plus.............................. # o 9 3 7 blue, T-top, AM/FM, loaded, automatic, 35o engine 
......... # 1o39 
Riviera, blue, loaded with extras, a lot of car for the money......................... 
# 1 1 7oA 
_ 
_ 
^ _ _ _ _ _ white, automatic, radio, 
# © C A n r i A l c O 
V-8, air, power steering........................# o 9 1 I wm rn r i i n w 
Sport Coupe, green, 
# 
5 r U 
R 
T loaded, bucket seats............................. # 3 5 9 5 

75 FIREBIRD 
74 CORVETTI 
76 CAMARO 
76 CHEVETTE 
75 CORVETTE 
75 BUICK 

75 MUSTANG 
2 + 2, b lu e w e e d , a ir.. 
__ 
Wagon, blue, 
# 5 r l N 
T w 
4-speed, AM, air......................... orange, 6-cylinder, automatic, radio, power steering......... 
4-door, blue, loaded, vinyl top............................ 
Town Coupe, maroon, loaded, vinyl top............. . 
4-door, white, loaded, vinyl to p .......................... 
_ 
_ 
_ _ _ 
_ _ 
4-door, blue, automatic, 
74 AUDI FOX 

76 CAMARO 
73 OLDS 98 
76 MONZA 
72 OLDS 98 

75 CORVETTE 
72 DODGE 

 radio, a ir ..................... green, T-Top, 35o engine, loaded, A M / F M ........... 
Polara, 2-door, white, loaded, power windows, AM /FM 

$4295 
*6495 
*4695 
*2995 
*7495 
*5595 
*4795 
*3595 
*13o6*3195 

* 1 4 6 4 * 2 5 9 5 
*<486 *4295 
*14994*1995 

# 1546A *3695 
*1495 
*3295 
*7395 

# I 75oA $ 1495 

746 -TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

'73 Chevrolet CIO Deluxe. 35o V8, uuto. power. Long-wide, chrom e bum pers, all chrom e m oldings on sides. Chrom e slot m ags and new steel radials. Gold with white top. 
•77 license. 
$265o. 
461-242o, 
661-5254 
‘77 C h e vro le t C u sto m D e L u x e 
SW B 826-9565, 675-8o56_________ 
’73 Chevrolet pickup. Vj ton, long wide. 826-7565, 495-8o54___________ 
‘73 Chevrolet 4x4 with 22’ flatbed trailer, will not separate. 732-5645. 
‘72 Chev (2 ton) cab chassis 52695 
‘69 Ford 2V» T, flatbed ...... 52495 
•74 Ford I ton flatbed ....... 53595 
Hild Auto Sales-36oo S.W. M ilitary 
‘56 C h e v y B us. 48 p ass., ru n s good, good body and seats. Sell to highest bidder See at 333 Lovera or call 735-7837; 732-3o96._________ 
73 Chevy C IO. New factory 35o eng., new tire s. P o w e r, a ir. 
494-1921, 432-3o42 

# 1 5 8 8 

* 1 7 2 3 

* 1 6 5 8 

1975 
C H E V Y 
CIO . 
S W B 
6 cylinder, auto. 826-9565, 695-8o56 
•76 C H E V Y E L C A M IN O 
18,ooo actual mi. auto, air, power windows, tilt wheel, cruise, swing out seats. Looks like new. 5495o. 
661-4511 

746 -TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

‘72 Chevy V an Custom Cam per. 
‘73 
Traveled, 
4-whl drive. 
822-1461. 

’72 C H E V Y VAN 
Take over paym ents, no equity, call Credit M anager. 349-6948 
‘71 C H E V Y VAN , I ton 
_______ Call Nick, 923-7748________ 

74 CHEVY VAN 
V8, air, power brakes, auto., steel belted radials. 46,ooo mi., A M -F M , paneled. Excellent cond. $42oo. 
Days: 
Jay: 
671-7188; eves: 
6*4-1 in.__________________ 
‘77 Chevy 4x4 pickup. 35o, 4 bbl., fully loaded F M 8-track stereo. 
Roll bar, d riv in g lights, tow ing pkg. Red on red V e ry sh a rp ! 
222-17o1, 674-15o1.________________ 
’73 Cheyenne Super pickup. 4-whl d rive, 35o VB, auto, air. G ood cond. 535oo. 1-538-39o5____________ 
24‘ com m erical trailer, windows, air, ideal tor office, lab. display, road peddler, etc. 
923-598o, 
532-7636. 

746 TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

'72 E l Cam ino, new tires, radio, heater, top shape. S1595. 826-7166. after 5 pm. 
F O R D B ro n c o , 8,ooo W a rr e n 
W in c h , c u sto m b u m p e r, IO ” 
Jackm an wheels, sw am per tires new, air, cu stom hun tin g ra c k with chair. Pop up cam per. $3,995. 
F ir m . 653-2164. 

'72 C H E V Y Fenderside, 3-speed, standard $15oo. Jim, 661-4511 

*55 C H E V Y P IC K U P 
658-5o37 
‘69 C hevy Pickup, stand., l-w-b, 
3o7 eng. with cam per top. Good cond. $1o95. 341-1874 
•73 Chevv pickup. 3o7 Eng., std., radio, heater. Shell. New radials. 
46,ooo o rig . B y o w n e r. $36oo. 
658-9434. After 6: 658-85o5. 
‘59 Chevy Pickup 327 om-tm, dual exhaust. 435-9982 
‘72 Chevy Pickup LW B, air, power steering, auto $1775. 658-o1o5. 
'76 Chevy pickup, 35o engine, air, auto, m on. $4,85o 681-27o1 

73 CHEVY 
# o 5 7 3 *2495 
TRUCKS 
3/4-ton, green, loaded, good work truck.................................. 
72 INTERNATIONAL loaded, nice un it 
# o 6 o 7 B *2595 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
I -ton dual wheel, silver, 
# © 
CH EVT loaded, A M / F M , sh arp ..........................# 1 9 4 4 
5 
6 t 
5 

V 
C 
B 
A 
B 
B 
%-*on, green, 4-speed, V-8, radio, 
- , , , , * 3 o 9 5 rn SI b W I C I # power steering, auxiliary ta n k s......................# 1 2 4 2 
_ m 
~ brown, loaded, shell, power windows, c m rn 
J J 
E L CAM IN O cruise control, double sharp 
# 
© O l r 5 

7o C h e v y p ick u p . E x c e lle n t condition. $15oo 342-3883 
‘76 C H E V Y Pickup, 4-wheel dr loaded, coll Nick 923-7748 
‘62 Chevy pu. VS std. Good run nlng cond. $3oo. 922-8661 

'73 C rew C ab D od ge, o rig in a l owner, like new, low mi., 318, air, auto, all power, insulated cam per shell, 6Vj bed, $375o. 696-1934 
’73 D a tsu n P ic k u p . E x c e lle n t cond., $18oo. coll 822-5o25 
‘7o D a tsu n tru ck. 
Standard. 533-5557. 
16oo m odel. 

'74 D e lu x e P ly m o u th W in d o w 
V an . L o a d e d , A M - F M , e x tra clean. $395o. 661-2586 ofter 4 
'73 Dodge Club Cob. VS, auto., radio $2995 742 3322. Laddie. 
‘73 Dodge Club Cab Va ton pickup. 
Loaded, clean. $245o. 533-337o. 
‘73 Dodge Crew Cab witfTcamperl 
L W B , 11,ooo m l. T a k e o v e r payments. 655-1952; 1-965-3861. 
'71 Dodge Maxi-Van, 36o VS, auto, power, cruise control, air, clean cond. $26oo. Owner. 532 8421. 
‘74 Dodge Ram charger, 4 W D, 318 
V8, A C, Power, Low Milage, Ex cellOnt Condition, S45oo. 653-4443. 
'76 Dodge R am C harger. 6 cvl auto., air. $4995. 742-3322. 

'76 Chevy Scotsdale loaded, 16,ooo miles, like new. 699-o257. 
'76 C h e v y S ilv e ra d o p ic k u p . 
Loaded, 35o eng., VS, wide oval tires, m ags. Reasonab ly priced. 
736-5o6o after 4:3o p.m. 
‘76 C hevy Silve rad o Su b u rb an . 
Dual air, 454, 15,ooo miles. $6995. 
222-13o8; 822-1678. 
‘73 C H E V Y 6, standard, new paint 
$22oo. Jim, 661-4511 

Tom Benson 

‘76 C H E V Y Suburban loaded with extras, 14,ooo mi. . $6295 
'75 F O R D F-1oo Excellent cond. 18,ooo miles ____ $2995. 
'75 B L A Z E R 4 w.d., 4 speed loaded, 38,ooo mi ...... $5195. 
74 C H E V R O L E T 4 wheel dr 
Loaded ...... ;............ $3795. 
M a n y others to choose from 
KOEPP CHEVROLET INC 
Lavernio, Tx. S.A. phone 
649-231o 

7 6 C hevy Su b u rb an Silverado. 
Excellent cond., fully equipped. 
575oo. 734-45o9 atter 6. 

76 Dodge Sportsm an 
‘74 Dodge. Sportsm an M axi 
72 Dodge, air, auto 
826-9565 
695-8o56 

•76 D o d g e S tre e t v a n , low m ileage, VB, auto, air, cru ise , custom windows, wheels and in­ terior, cap tain s ch airs, am -fm quad stereo, 566oo or best offer 
661-269o, 
1962 D O D G E Vj ton, 4 speed, V-8. 
$325. C a sh ,no ch e cks. 699-o282 after 6pm. 

74 Ford Bronco. Excellent condi- tion. 828-6355 otter 7 696-o3o3 
’74 FORD Courier Pickup 
T ake over paym ents, no equity 
Coll Credit M anager 349-6948 
‘74 Ford C ourier pickup. Auto., fiberglass Cam per. Clean. 5225o. 
533-337o. ________________________ 
75 F O R D ISO E c o n o lin e C u s ­ tom ized van, V]tan. Air, pow er steering, auto. C ap tain s ch airs. 
558oo. 226-8696____________________ 
‘67 F O R D E C O N O L IN E V A N , very good condition. Will help fin­ ance. 
M ust sell now! 
Larry, 
433-1464___________________________ 
‘71 Ford Econoline E-1oo Super 
V an . 6 sta n d a rd . Im m a c u la te condition. Call: Dan Yarb orough 
222-8611 

OUR NEW CAR SALES ARE UP 
5 2 % — WE MUST MAKE ROOM 
FOR DAILY 1977 TRADE-INS it 
~ REMEMBER.- IF 
YOU D O N ’T BUY YOUR 
CAR FROM TINDALL YOU’LL PAY TOO 
★ BARGAINS ★ BARGAINS if BARGAINS ★ 

‘74 BUICK leSABRE 2 door hardtop, fully loaded, like new. JUST... 
*3188 

73 CADILLAC SEDAN DeVILLE fully loaded, sharpest in city. JUSJ— 
*3688 

74 MAVERICK GRABBER £ loupe:.,u,,y,oflded: 

75 MONTE CARLO landou, fully loaded, like new. JUST 
*3988 

72 LeMANS 
2 door hardtop, fully loaded, excellent condition. JUST 
*1988 

74 TOYOTA ^ <*oof au,oni(|t'c' oir conditioning. Driven only 19,ooo *2288 

74 CATALINA 
4 door, fully loaded, driven only 29,ooo miles. Just like new. JUST *3188 
75 CATALINA 
4 Door, excellent condition JUST 
*2488 
73 ELECTRA 225 4 Door hardtop, fully boded. Perfect. JUST 
*2188 

* 7 A R I V I E R A fu^ 
AM T M stereotape, Landau, vinyl top, power windows & f t n i t l t n H seafs powef ,joor |o£(,S[ t;|, whee|_ (fUj}e (onfro^ (brome wheels, > | > a a 

27,ooo miles JUST.................................................................... 
* 4 3 8 8 
74 BONNEVILLE 2 Door hordtop. Fully loaded. AM-FM. JUST 
*2688 i j A I S R A N I ) S A F A R I 
Station wagon. Fully loaded, AM-FM stereo - 8 track, 
' “ W F * #41 l l / J H l H I M power windows & seats, cruise control, tilt wheel, power , q . 
o 
o door locks. Woodgrain. JUST.................................... 
3 / 8 8 

73 CUTLASS SUPREME 
2J5oor hordtop. Fully boded, e x c e p t condition, 

1 7 4 a i r v c n o 
A Door hardtop. Fully loaded. AM-FM stereo, power windows & seats, * A A a < » 
/ a ULU/ YO cruise control, power door locks. JUST.......................................... 
2 9 8 8 

’ T i H D A M I Y D D I Y 
Tully loaded. AM-FM stereo 8 track, power windows, cruise < A a a a 
/ a u n a h u r n i A tontro(( fi|f wheet. whjte on whj,e JUST.......................... 
* 2 8 8 8 
73 CATALINA 
4 Door hordtop. Fully loaded, AM-FM stereo, like new. JUST 
*1888 
71 GRAND PRIX Fully loaded. Sharpest in city. JUST 
........................ *1988 
75 CEN1U7Y LANDAU 
*3788 

75 GRAND PRIX 
Fully loaded. Showroom condition. JU ST 
.....................*4288 

75 ELITE 2ooor hordtop. Fully loaded. AM-FM stereo, power seats. J U ST .... .......... *3988 

’ T C T A B D I Z E Z I K 
C 
I f 
? Door Hardtop. Fully loaded, power windows, S seats, 
. . a a a 
/ J L A r K l v t v I A j / i v , oower door locks, AM-FM. like new. JUST............... 
3 8 8 8 

 l y e M A D U l l / 
Tully loaded. AM-FM stereo tape, power windows & seats, power door $ 7 a a m 
I J I r l A K n I V locks, leather interior, moon roof. A bargain at JUST...................... /OOO 
76 GRAND PRIX 
Fully loaded, like new. JUST. ....... 
*4588 
76 CUTLASS SUPREME 2 Door hardtop. Fully loaded. Bucket seats. JUST *4688 
76 MONTE CARLO Fully loaded, red/white top, white interior. Perfect. JUST 
*4688 

1 7 7 U C I T A D A V A K C 
* Door. Fully loaded. AM-FM stereo, cruise control, tilt > > < . « « 
/ / D E L I A K U T A L C wheel. 1-Month old, driven only 1,7oo mile$. JUST 
3 9 8 8 
’72 CHEVY SUBURBAN j u s t........................... ‘1888 
‘73 GMC SIERRA GRANDE VV Ton pickup. Fully loaded. Red/white. JUST *2688 
74 GMC SIERRA 
Fully loaded, like new. JUST............................................. *2988 
74 FORD Super cab' 1/1 Ton’ ro<iio' hea,er‘ Power s,eerjn9' P ° "er brakes, factory $^288 

77 GMC HI-SIERRA 
Fully loaded with sleeper. Driven 8,ooo miles. JUST 
‘6488 

• 4o MORE CARS TO CHOOSE FROM • 

Tindall and Son Pontiac— GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO • 736-1565 
OPEN EVENINGS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 

746 * TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

‘61 F O R D V A N 
6 CVI, standard, 54oo 922-8661 

1975 F o rd F-1oo Loaded. 15,ooo miles 826-9565, 695-8o56 
‘74 F O R D F-1oo, LW B. 39,ooo mi. 
M in t, w h o le sa le . R a y S e k u la , 
Floresville 
(1)393-672o eves weekends. 

Ford Van ‘67 great for cam ping, panelled, carpeted, ice box, sink, pull down bed; new tires, clutch, valve job $15oo. 656-3229._________ 
1972 F o rd W in d o w V an . 515oo cash 22o2 W Southcross, 923-6416 

‘75 F O R D F25o P IC K U P 
4,speed, air, $435o. 341-9412 

1973 F o rd W in d o w V a n $165o cash. 22o2 W. Southcross, 923-6416 

‘77 Ford F-15o R an ge r X L T . All power, air. 
Sacrifice. 
$6295. 
344-89S9. 
73 F O R D F -35o Van body with overhead door. Will help finance. 
Call: Woody 433-1464 

1973 Ford, F35o. V-8,4 speed, dual wheels, 
12‘ van body. 
$4,25o. 
922-26o5. 
76 Ford Good Tim es Van Load­ ed. Excellent,condition. 828-6355 atter 7:-696-o3o3 
‘75 Ford one ton pickup ... $2975 
‘73 Ford V-8, auto, air ....... $1875 
‘69 Chevy V-8 stand, air ... $1o75 
1228 New Laredo Hwv-924-4879 
‘72 F o rd P ic k u p 36o engine, 4 speed, la rg e tires, sm a ll bed, 
$1695 927 6498 
‘65 Ford pickup. 6 cyl., air, A M - 
FM , m ags, $75o. 341-5879 after 6 p.m. 

For Sale or T rad e 
55 Ford ’ 2 ton. $21oo invested. 656-17S7 atter 
4. 
•75 G M C G E N T L E M A N J IM 
Black-Gold. V8, auto, air, 2o,ooo actual miles. Like new condition 
$3oo. Jim B ru n s 661-4511__________ 
1974 G M C 12 p a sse n g e r van, owner, $4,9oo. fir m, 656-7898. 

■77 G M C R ally S T X Van. Sell or 
1. 6,(JOO mi. 653-7439. trade 

76 GMC SIERRA $418o 
A C T O R Y A IR , A U T O M A T !! 
F A C T O R Y A IR . A U T O M A T IC . 
P O W E R B R A K E S , S T E E R IN G , 
S T E R E O T A P E , N E W A L L T E R - 

32,ooo O N E O W N E R M I L E S . 
O U T S T A N D IN G ! 3515 C U L E 
B R A , 435-1641 

76 Ford pickup, loaded, beautiful light brown- white. C ream Puff int. Low mi. $48oo. 681-o68o; eves: 
341-7457 

‘75 G M Sie rra pickup. Loaded! 
Extra clean. M aroon with white. 
M ust sell now!! Will help finance) 
Call: Woody 433-1464_____________ 

74S - TRUCKS S COMMERCIAL 
TRftllERS. BUSES 

N E W 1977 SC O U T S 
4 W H E E L D R IV E 
U P TO $15oo O F F 
W IN D O W S T IC K E R P R IC E ! 
P a rk Ten Volvo-Scout 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 732-2143 

746 TRUCKS 6 COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

‘74 1 j ton C h e vro le t C h e ye n n e 
Super, long and wide, dual tanks, loaded, $32oo. 342-o924. 

O W N E R O P E R A T O R S 
3 a x le t r a c t o r s a n d fla t b e d tra ile rs for statew ide h a u lin g. 
Plenty of freight, backhauls. Full settlement weekly. Older tru c ks accepted. 924-7273; 333-5894 
1974 P E T E R S IL T , 325 C A T E n ­ gine, 12513 F u lle r R o a d ra n g e r t ra n s m is s io n , 156 in c h w heel base, 228,ooo miles. Call Salado, 
817-947-5258 or 947-5422. 
‘76 Plym outh Voyager Vision Van. 
318, auto. $485o. 742-3322. 
•74 R am Charger, 4 wheel drive, low mileage, 35 gal tonk. 699-o874. 

’76 R A N C H E R O GT 
Take over paym ents, no equity, coll Credit M anager, 349-6948 
1975 R a n g e r X L T , 2o,ooo mi. 
_______________________ loaded. $4,395. 653-3221, 221-2624. 
R A IN T IR E S , L O N G W ID E B E D , ' ’sacrifice, must sell 1976 Chevv p ic k u p , 
S c o ttsd a le c a m p e r special. Low mileage, can be seen 
F rid a y 8o62 V a n ta g e Su ite A. 
349-3141, Darryl. 

‘73 Ford Pickup 6 standard, air, am-fm 8, 333-91o8 after 4:3o. 

5325 
‘57 F O R D P tC K U P 
923-6627 

‘75 Dodge Van. Custom paint, int. load e d . L o w m i. $6ooo am . 
826-6852; att 3 925-5464 

[ ‘72 Ford pickup. LW B, VS, auto., 
CB. 
Priced for quick sale! 
684-1176. 

Dodge Van ‘74, excellent, 6 cyl 
Std, $295o. 674-2528, 673-2481. 
•71 Dodge Von ton, 6 standard. 
Custom interior. $18oo 695-3355 

64 F O R D R A N C H E R O , V8 
Stand-good cond. S5oo 922-8661 
‘75 F o rd R a n g e r X L T P ick u p . 
Fully loaded. A M -F M . cruise con­ trol, $38oo. 653-o749 661-4354 

‘7o D O D G E W indow Van, looks bad, runs excellent. $4oo 695-329o 
Double Cab -73 Dodge. New tires, new re b u ilt m otor. T o o l box. 
$3ooo. 655-1952 atter 5. 

73 Ford R a n g e r X L T . Loaded, 
LW B, $3195 firm. Clean. 434-5383 aft. 5. 

D R IV E IN T R U C K S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o2 Laredo Hwy. 924-655), 924-6552 
‘75 ElCam m o. Auto, air, radials, 
Toneau cover, 35o. V e ry good 

‘68 F o rd R a n g e r, m a g s, good condition. 
924-5124 aft 
4-weekends. 
‘71 F O R D *4 ton Pickup, v8, auto, air $145o Jim, 661-4511 

LOOP 41o & SAN PEDRO 
341-3314 

•74 C H E V Y SWB, slepside 1 j ton, . 
. 
35o V8, Standard. New H D ranch co-nd- 822-375o ; 684-1499.__________ tire s 51,ooo mi. New- c a m p e r I ‘75 El Cam ino camper, mags, all 

Ford ‘69 4* ton pickup. 46o, auto, 
51195. 735-53oo 

 shell, l-ow ner. $35oo 
432-6477 eves. 
633-o771; : power, $43oo Call 653-86o2. 

‘71 Ford Vjton. Power, auto, air, 
36o, S p o rt C u sto m . 623-5o28, 
923-14o9. owner. $19oo. 

•7o C H E V Y >3 ton LW B. Automa* lie, good cond. SHOO. 695-9379 
‘73 Chevy Vj ton V-8, Std. .. $239$ 
25 More Pickups To Choose Fro m 
Hild Auto Sales-36oo S.W. M ilitary 
‘69 C H E V Y V A N 
$14oo 658-667o 
‘68 Chevy Van. A M -F M , 8-track, 
CB, hi back buckets. 
$1o95. 
658-5924___________________________ 

‘74 E L C A M IN O C L A S S IC $2995. 
C A L L 341-3933 
‘74 ElCam ino Classic. 35o V8, au­ to., air, power. $3275. After 5 p.m.: 
534-1521. 

1976 F O R D V4 ton Super Cam per 
Special! A ir conditioned, power steering, autom atic, with ll ft. 
C a b -o v e r 
M o b ile 
T r a v e le r 
C a m p e r, s e lf-c o n ta in e d . C a ll 
736 3192, atter A 656-4oo) 

74 El CAMINO CLASSIC 
Conquista, V-8, automatic. Air, power .............................. $3i»5 
J A M IS O N M trs Seguin, 223 52o1 

‘72 Ford I ton welding truck, 2oo a m p L in c o ln w e ld e r, 623-4593 alter 5 pm. 

(XPRE55 ANO NEWS 
‘74 E L C A M IN O 44,ooo miles, fully loaded $33oo 661-3o54. 

F O R D 9ooo Tw in Scre w 318 hp 
Detroit Diesel 565oo. 25 Ton low­ boy $45oo. 532-4151. 
EXPRESS A N D N E W S 

G R A N D E F O R D T R U C K S A L E S 
• HIO and W W. White Road 
661-4121 

I n d i v i d u a l w o n t s to b u y ^ e t o n 

Hon. 1-42o-279o 

SA N A N T O N IO T R U C K S 
S A L E S & S E R V IC E 
G M C , Oiam ond-Reo, Peterbuilt 
381o IH-1o 
661-4511 

I ’/j TO N ‘63 C H E V Y V8 Flatbed. 
136oo Babcock at H ausm an Rd. 

4 TON 
1964 Van. 22,ooo actual miles. E x ­ cellent shape. B argain at $26oo! 
624-2487; 624-91o6. 

TW O ‘74 C H E V Y C-65, 427 single a xle tra c to rs, w ith ‘74, 2o yd. 
D unham trandem trailers; l-’7l 
C 6o, 427 single axle tractor with 
‘74 2o Yd. Lufkin tandem trailer. 
A ll ‘77 license plates. Call R u d y 
924-5591 days; 732-7278 eves. 
VANS: Buv-Sell-Trade 
6831 S.FLO RES 
923-4211 
V A N S -V A N S -V A N S 
‘72 F O R D Super 6 std ....$195o. 
‘74 F O R D Super 6 std 
$225o 
‘73 F O R D Club, air ......... $295o. 
'73 C H E V Y Cargo, $8 std. 
$225o. 
6831 S .F L O R E S 
923-4211 
‘74 V E G A , sm all panel delivery. 
$995. 333-8152 
4 wheel dr. ‘75 Chev. auto, power, air, after 6 822-7761. 
748-Minoiicmts-scimKiis 

SC H O O L-H ighw av Diesel Buses 
23o1 N O G A L ITO S 
534-6711 

74 B M W R6o-6. 21,ooo mi., orig, owner. Like new! Best ofter ever 
$15oo. 342-6635. 

, Se ve ral N E W repeat N W N E W 
, m ' 8ood condi' i D o d ge V a n s. B a s ic and L O A D - 
“ 
“ 
D an 
Yarb orough 
'7o International 5 ton, with lift. ‘73 
Chevy 41‘, Vans: 923-3573. 
‘72 International pickup truck, 6 standard. Low mileage. $129o 3515 
Culebra, 435-1641 international Trucks 
715 Steves Ave. 
534-5471 
■68 IN T L T R A V E L A L L , V8, auto, 
Uke new Inside, $125o. 661-4511 
‘7o IN T N ’L. 16' M A R IO N , I N ­ 
S U L A T E D B O D Y . T herm o-K ing gas or elec. unit. 34S VS, 5-spd., 2 s d. 92o tires, new paint. 627-24oo. 
76 Jeep Cherokee Chief 4o1 V8, 
4W D qu ad ratrack, fully loaded. 
434 6381 Or 684-8o46. 
1973 Jim m y 4 wheel drive, $375o. 
494-1So8. 
L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D IE S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1-798-3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
PO Box 411 Hallettsville,Tx 
N E W and U S E D Bum pers. Light weight to heavy duty. For all sizes of pickup trucks 924-65S1-2o2 New 
Laredo Hwy. 

FOR FAST RESULTS 
PLACE YO U R W A N T AD 
IN THE E X P R rSS M EW S 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

E D U 
Call: 
222-8611 

•73 B M W R75 with w indiam m er, 
$1675. 674-137o. 
B R A N D N E W ! 25o street bike, 
Y am aha for $698, 658-6162 

‘76 S ilv e ra d o 4* C a m p e r S o d . 
F u lly rigged. 72oo mi. P erfect! 
$625o. Cover, CB, Colem an Y ork- town Trailer available. 656-8246. 
‘76 Silverado, loaded, includ ing dual fuel tanks, A M - F M radio, ond new camper. $53oo 684-25o9 

Six Form er US Postal T ru cks tor sale. F o u r Va ton D o d g e Step 
Vans, One 4% Chevrolet Step Van, 
One International Scout. A lso 44 
Ton Chevrolet Step Van. All run good, priced reasonably bv non­ dealer. 337-3657 M o n d a y -F rid a y 
9-3. 695-8o39 Saturday and Sunday and^also evenings. 

197o B S A T h u n d e rb o lt C la ssic . 
Original condition. 658-6971. 
1975 Bultoco 25o Pursang. Super clean. $65o or best otter. 6S3-6o41 after 6. 
Ducati 45occ. Top running condi- tlon. M ust sell! $47S. 342-37S2. 
H a r le y 
D a v id s o n 
12oo 
EleetraGiide, excellent condition, le s s th a n 6,ooo m ile s. S29So. 
Uvalde, 1-278-6o28. 
‘75 H A R L E Y D A V ID S O N 12$ cc 
6oo miles, dirt and street. 
_______ 623-5288 after 5 pm 

S O U T H W E ST T R U C K Center 
Exclusive dealer for late 
M O D E L P IC K U P T R U C K S 
Truck Parts and Rebuilders 
1228 New Loredo Hwv-924-4879 

‘76 H A R L E Y S P O R T S T E R , 3,ooo mi, K + Q seat, sissy bar, highw ay bar. 16” wheel, sacrifice $25oo 
822-9611. 

Take over paym ents on ‘74 Ford p ic k u p . C a ll 222-o986 a sk fo r 
Dennis ofter 8:-656-4321 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts ‘74 F o rd 
F-1oo. N o equity. Call: 824-o918 ask tor Fred, atter 7: 922 7757 
Toke over paym ents ‘76 Chevrolet 
Custom DeLuxe. No equity. Call: 
824-o918 a sk for Fred, after 7: 
922-7757 
Take over paym ents ‘72 Chevrolet pickup. No equity. Call: 824-o918 a sk for Fred. Atter 7: 922-7757 

1973 Honda 75o and 1974 Y am aha 
5oo. Both with windshield,luggage racks. 342-7215. 
•75 H O N D A CB75o, clean $1495. will trade, 658-6162 
H O N D A C B 75o, 1974. clean $1395. will trade, 658 6162 
'75 H O N D A CB4oo-4 Super Sport, excellent cond, $75o. 674-8679. 
‘7o H O N D A C B 75o with trailer. 
$1,ooo. or best offer. 658 5o37 
‘74 H O N D A 75o CC, full d re ss, perfect cond. 655-4336____________ 
‘73 H O N D A 4 cyl. Im m acu late. 
$1295. Trade. 342-2o93 
*73 Honda 5oo-Four. Fairing. $995 firm. 733-981o. 

C x m ss-N E W * BOHUS AD S 
2 LINES $ 
TEX ASSIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
K l 
CANCELLABLE 
J t k J m S P 
. S 
. 
OOICIf RESULTS* 
1 6 6 6 

746 TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL m il FRS RUSK 
746-TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
746 - TRUCKS ft COMMERCIA! 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
746 - TRUCKS t COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. ROSES 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 I 977 
P a ge 
7-F 

884 BOATS. MOTORS 
8o4 BOATS. MOTORS 
818 MOBILE ROMES SALE 

SPRING TIME 
BONANZA SALE 

L 
F 
R 
E 
E 
! 
! 
V 
W IN N E B A G O CUSTOM 
FIBERGLASS CAMPER COVER 

S u p e r t o u g h , s u p e r g o o d l o o k i n g —— r o c k s w o n t n ic k if b r a n c h e s 

 w o n t s c r a t c h it; it n e v e r n e e d * w a x i n g or p a i n t i n g 
It m a k e * a 

 p i c k u p m u c h m o r e t h a n a t r u c k . 

• FREE • 

WITH 
THE 
PURCHASE 
OF 
A 
NEW 

WILDERNESS TRAILER WE WILL GIVE YOU 

FREE A HITCH, BRAKE CONTROL AND WIR­ 

ING... • LIMITED OFFER • 

F 
R 
E 
E 
! 
! 

FARGO COLOR KEYED FIBERGLASS CAMPER 
(YOUR CHOICE) 
Bonanza 77 SPECIAL 

F T R 
I arcs* r s 

 r n a f R k . 

THE NEW WILDERNESS TRAILER • 

734-5131 
One block w est of 
Fredericksburg Rd. 

138o2 N.W. loop 41o1 

I i i 

 r n 

G 
2 T H 3 
WINNEBAGO 
LONG WHEEL BASE FLEETSIDE 

★ 4 in stock of this price 
★ Deluxe tutone 
★ Folding seat bock 
★ Chrome front bumper 
★ Carpet 
★ Body side upper/lower molding 
★ Scottsdale equipment (Bonanza) ie Knit vinyl bench 

 it Tinted glass 
★ All weather air conditioning it Combined dome/cargo lamp it Front stabilizer bar ie Heavy duty rear springs 
★ Vacuum power brakes ie 35o— 4 BBL engine ie Turbo hydra transmission 

★ Tilt steering wheel 
★ Power steering ie Metal wheel covers it Electric clock it Windshield antenna ie Chromed grille ie G78x15 belted tires 

UST PRICE $6536.25 C A I C D O i r C ^ ^ 7 A A ^ 
LESS BONANZA DISCOUNT $772.25 J H L C l l V K C 
# V 
T 

* P ric e s o f o t h e r tr u c k s in s t o c k , v a r y a c c o r d io n to o p t io n a l e q u ip m e n t. 
SHORT WHEEL BASE PICKUPS IN STOCK 

 r n 
ANCIRA 
WINTON 

AT m a r t i n ^ 
# 
7 
225-5333 

748 • MOTOBCYCLES-SCBOTEBS 
754 - TIBES-PABTS ACCESSORIES ; 8o1 M M P H S-T R T O S 

T W O N E W 
1975 TRIUMPH 
TRIDENTS 
NOW : $1995 
Includes: Tax, title I license 
PIERCE BROS. 
MOTORCYCLES 
1511 N. ST. MARY’S 
2 2 7 - 8 9 1 9 

S e ilin g c a r t s of 68 N e w p o rt 
Chrysler, good condition. 
226-3sS4 
____ 
S u n b e a m A lp in e eng., Ir o n s . complete. $25o firm. 225-o38o. 
‘71 T oyota C e lica E n g in e and 
Transm ission, 4 speed, 924-3568. 

768 - AIRCRAFT services, supplies 

•74 Suzuki G T SSO. A -!' W indiam - mer, dressed out. SI3oo. 925-6312 
75 Suzuki GT55o, windjam m er, 3 1 fairings, sissy bar with pad. SHOO. 
623-53o7, m ust sell___________ 
'73 S u z u k i, low m i., e x c e lle n t cond Best ofter 828-6781______ ___ 
'69 T riu m p h , C h o p p e d , lots of chrome, 734-8296. 
_________ _ 

XC RENTALS 
• TW IN G ERO N IM O . IFO 
• BELLANCA V IKIN G , IFK 
• C A RD IN A L RO. IFR 
• H A W K XP, IFR 
• SKY H A W K ll, IFR 
V IK IN G A C A RD IN A L RO 
Autopilot equipped All 
Singlet-Current M ode ls 
METRIC AIRMOTIVE 
R O O S E V E L T a t 9 9 t h 
9 2 2 - 2 7 4 7 9 2 4 - 7 3 7 $ 
Son Antonio, Toitoi 
’73 T R IU M P H T R ID E N T 
S1195; 655-6o12; 221-2314. 

ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

SPROUTER TRAILERS 
493o RIGSBY 648-oo6o 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO'S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER ie Over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SALES FOR: 

HOLIDAY RAMSIER, PROWLER, PIAY- 
MoR, 
STARCRAFT, 
GOLIDAY, 

DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
MINI-HOMES 
96ooIH35N. 653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson's 

9 til dark, Mon.-fri. 

9-6 Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

FINAL RV CLEARANCE 
S A L E ! 

ROBERT SMITH MOTOR CO. 
55o5 SAN PEDRO 
IS M O VIN G AND CLOSING OUT 
ALL ITS RV STOCK 

WE OFFER 
NEW MOTOR HOMES, TRAILERS 
AND VANS AT THOUSANDS OF 
DOLLARS UNDER LIST PRICE 

WE GUARANTEE THE LOWEST J 
PRICE IN T O W N O N OUR MODELS 

ALSO OFFERED ARE SEVERAL USED 
CAR TRADE-INS AT W HOLESALE PRICES. 
NO G IM M ICKS • OPEN 9-7 • DEALERS WELCOME 
PHONE 732-2288 

SOI - CAMPEBS-TBAIU85 

•69 S H A S T A 17‘ 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO 3 mi. north of Boerne 
R T 2 B O X 127, S.A. phone 224-2426 
C L O S E D E A S T E R S U N D A Y 
'73 S H A S T A 19' 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 mi. north of Boerne 
R T 2 B O X 127, S.A. Phone 224-2426 
C L O S E D E A S T E R S U N D A Y ! 
‘72 S ilv e r S t re a k , 32’, se lf contained, air, N ice! after 2pm 
San Antonio 494-7438 
•74 S to rc ra ft V e n tu re P op u p 
Trailer Sleeps I, excellent. $1695. 
341-71o1; 341-4122. 
‘76 T E C Pop up Trailer. Awning, sleeps 8, $1595. 658-5924 
This Price I time only! 
'73 P E N G U IN 23’ travel trailer. 
$2999. 684-o694 eves. 

V e r y C le a n H o n d a 75o, 1975, 
Under 2,ooo miles. Best Otter. 
699-1162.________________________ _ 
Y am ah a 1975, 35o. 
5825 924-o323. 
1975 Y A M A H A 125 $375. 923-5144 or 341-542o atter 5pm 
__ 
'74 Y a m a h a TX5oo 2,5oo actual miles. Excellent cond. 655-1o54 

75o WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

A L A M O F L Y E R S , INC. 
“ Y O U R P IP E R D E A L E R " 
8411 M IS S IO N R D 
922-1228 
ATIS-Trinity University weekend p riv a te g r o u n d sc h o o l. A p r 
3 o -M a y I. 
G U A R A N T E E D . 
817-2765 
(see 
Ad 
Section 
A, 
Tues-Wed ) 
_______ 
A V IA T IO N IN S U R A N C E 
P R O M P T Q U O T E S, 736-1623 

CALL ME FIRST 
Lost titles no problem 
T O P C A SH for Junk C ars 
923-4422 

1976 58 B A R O N . 19o H rs TT. Pull 
IP R C o llin s M ic r o iin e ra d io s. 
C entury IV autopilot with flight director. Club seating with K ing 
A ir Pabrics. A lu m ig rip paint. 3 bladed props. Other options too num erous to list. Absolutely like new 
W a r r a n t ie s r e m a in in g . 
$155,ooo. We will lease back. Call 
Jack 
Heinz or 
M ike 
Burris. 
512-824-7557____________ __ 

ROYALS 
INTERNATIONAL 
TRAILERS 
SOUTH TEXAS 
TRAILERS A SUPPLY 
INC. 
Is your Authorized Dealer for this fine Indiono built trai­ ler. 
COME SEE US TODAY! 
1121o IH 35 N. 653-4161 

 sa 
TRAVELER’S WORLD 

2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 

AVION 

Travel Trailers - Motor Homes 
Trade-in Bargains 

7 3 AIRSTREAM 3 1 . . . $9,ooo 
7o HOLIDAY 31. ... $5895 
7 5 PARK MODEL 35’ . $35oo 
'66 AIRSTREAM 
$495o 

5TH WHEEL 
.TRAILERS. 
(161 IN STOCK NOW! 
B E S T Selection E v e r ut: 
HARPER MOTOR CO 
24o1 S.W. M ilitary 924-5514 
H rs: 
M on-Pri: 
9-6, 
Sun; 
1:3o-6: P.M. 
19’ T ra v e l tra ile r , fu lly se lf contained, perfect for vacation. 
1133 SW M ilitary Or. 924 1678 

C H E R U B H ait-caoove r sleeper cam per Stove, icebox sink, lot of lots of storoge. $475. 924-o6o5. 

B O N A N Z A 
Lo ca l 14 M e m b e r P ly in g C lu b 
M B In if in I with 2 low tim e com plete IP R 
^ n r r J r n n n n n AutoS tile s e q u ip p e d 1973 B o n a n z a s h o s u u t a f c S r 
878 A35S opening for I member. Cai! R oger 
563o San Pedro 
828-6355 Hill: 223-5525; or 341-4788 otter 7 

‘73 C H E V R O L E T S U B U R B A N 
M o n , air, fully hitched, 454 cu. in.,2 extra fuel tanks 
SO U TH T E X A S Trailer A Supply 
1121o IH 35 N. 
653-4161 
Coachm an Cadet Cam per, sleeps 
6, with stove and ice box. 1975 
Model $17oo. 696-o872. 

P o r F A S T C A S H will buy your 
Car, Vans, or Trucks. Running or not. 922-8661.___________________ _ 
'74 Honda 36o CB. Excellent cond. 
2 helmets S695. 494-5121 oft 5 

PAY TOP PRICES 
For w recked cars and T ru cks 
A l A U T O P A R T S _______ 222-1o11 
S E L L IN G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i-p ric e s p a id for cle a n c a rs- 
Trucks, etc. 222-1342 _ _ _ _ _ _ 

M L . 
F o r Sa le : N ew D e m o n stra to r 
C e ss n a H a w k X - T ll, 195 hp, 
I F R., dual, nav-com, G S., auto­ pilot, g ro u n d se rvice plugs, a r ­ ticu lating pilot seat, re a r seat vents, tinted glass. Haskett Flying 
Servie, 1-278-5522, G arner Field, 
PO Box ISIS, Uvalde, Tx, 788o1. 
L ic e n se d a ir c r a lt m e c h a n ic wanted. Light aircraft experience required. 
Contact 
M r 
Crosby. 
433-7751. 
_______________ __ 

I I ' 2' 
C O A C H M E N 
C a m p e r. 
I C a b o v e r, a ir, e x c e lle n t cond. 
$225o. 924-4891; 627-2144 
Coachm en cabover cam per, 9 V 
K night deluxe model, fully self contained, excellent condition, like new. M ust see to appreciate. 
426 Regina - 534-9538__________ 
Colem an Cam p trailer, sleeps 6, loaded. Very good. 655-o231 

TO P D O L L A R ! 
J U N K C A R S , T R U N K S , S C R A P 
_________ C A L L : 342-51o1________ 

USED CARS-CLEAN 

Mooney R A n ge r Cream puff, Full 
IFR , Excellent maintenance. 1968 
- M odel, 13oo H rs . ,T T A E . H om e 
512-824-6983; Office 512-923-4353 
1957 Skyhawk. 1956 Apache, IF R . 
1974 Arrow , IF R . 512-822-3o91. 

 i Coleman Cam per. ‘Valley Forge'. 
Sleeps 
6, like new. 
Extras. i 434-1359.__________________________ 
Complete rig, luxurious 31‘ boles aero and Ford F25o R anger X L T pickup with canopy. Looded, both 
} vehicles like new, 622-3464________ 
'76 F A R G O F ib e rg la ss C am p e r 
Too. $425. 494-2883 

‘76 H O L ID A Y R A M B L E R 32' 
P re sid e n tia l. A ir, io rg e re frig. large bottles, Deluxe throughout. 
Showroom cond 653-5355 

75 Holiday Rambler 
=t. Self contained, air, 21' awn- 
31 Ft. : ing. $92oo 658-6o74 
'75 H O L ID A Y R A M B L E R 32' 
5ooo Series, fully loaded All op­ tions Will consider trode in 
SO U T H T E X A S T railers Supply 
Inc. 
1121o IH 35N. 
653-4161 
IN D IV ID U A L wants 1974 or later 
22' or 24' travel trailer, 822-58o9 

'76 Travel Trailer. 25', like new! 
342-o1o9 or 658-7443. 
‘76 Trave! Trailer 14‘, like new. 
Used only 8 times. $175o. 221-233o; 
828-3874 atter 5. 
IS ' T ravel trailer, air, partially self contained, steeps 5. 341-1o31. 
U S E D C A B O V E R C A M P E R 
72 O P E N R O A O UVV, air, iacks. self contained ........................ 
H arper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S.W. M ilitary 
924-5514 
U S E D C A M P E R S H E L L fits Oat sun, *7$. (1)438-29o3 before 2 p.m. 
U S E D -N E W T E N T C A M P E R S 
$396. Up. K.C. T R A IL E R S 
71o W E ST A V E . 
735-3931 

1957 K E N S K IL L 
IH IO 3 Mi. north of Boerne 
R T 2 B O X 127, S.A. Phone 224-2424 1 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S i 
C L O S E D E A S T E R S U N D A Y 

USED POP-UPS 
(4) N IC E O N E S !! 
Harper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S.W. M ilitary 924-5514 

CW B 
Stilecraft cam per 
$45o. 
659-1o43 
73 M id as M otor Home. 19’, Load­ ed Sleeps 4. $7ooo 826-1449_______ 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
$169 
2171 Austin Hwy.________ 653-o885 
P o p-U p Cam per 1971 Wheel Model 
! 221, Sleeps 6, $95o. 658-6813. 

75 V A Q U E R O , 23 5 
A ir cond, and TV antenna 
SO U TH T E X A S Trailer A Supply 
1121o IH 35 N. 
653-4161 
'71 Viking Pop-Up trailer Sleeps 
4, $895, firm, 453-3884 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
? 221 B R O A D W A Y 

W a n te d : e q u ip p e d P lu m b in g truck in good condition. 826-2331 
W a n te d ! W re c k e d ‘75 o r ‘76 
Dodge Von. 344-9672 eves 

■75 Skyhaw k 11 1 ISoTT, dual N A V , 
72o COM, M K R Glideslope. T X P , 
223-4283 A O S. A rtic u la tin g seat. Q u ick drain. R ear vents ......... $16,5oo 
'76 C -l5o-427 TT, 36o N A V CO M . 
A lw a y s h u ngered Im m acu late. 
Quick drain Gold-white .$13,ooo 
512-592 3o3o 

Fold Down Cam ping T railers 
Two Both late models 
SO U T H T E X A S Trailer A Supply 
1121o IH35 N 
653-4161 

W E B U Y U S E D C A R S 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K CO 
4515 SA N P E D R O 
734-4221 
W E W A N T TO B U Y 
G O O D Clean C ars-T ru cks 
Call 924-6671 
_ 

8o1-CAMPERS TRAILERS 

‘73 A LJO . 23' self contained, tan­ dem axle asking $35oo, includes, 
: electric brakes, excellent cond. 
I 698-1273 

Ford Super van cam per, rebuilt excellent to e ve ry resp ect 
An outstanding eye catcher, stove, icebox, table bed 3 M os work and 
$2,3oo parts invested. Fo rce d to sell at $1,85o. 1-42o-279o. 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
Exclusive dealer for 
V E N T U R E Tent Cam per by Starcratt 
“Little Costie On W heels" 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
455-o251 

W A N T E D : Cam per shell to fit ‘45 
El Comino. Call atter 5:3opm 
453-4329_________. 
W A N T E D : Trailer, m ust sleep 4, up to 24’, with tanderm wheels 
684-1554. 

7 6 MOTOR HOME 
CLEARANCE SALE 
DEMOS 
I — 32-foot EXECUTIVE demo, fully equipped, 3 air conditioners, microwave oven, Michelin tires, color TV, bar, 6,5oo watt Chan and more. List $37,472. 

On sale at $ 3 1 , 9 8 8 . 

1 — Itasca 25 A model demo, loaded, list $19,417. 

One sale at $ 1 6 , 8 5 o . 
NEW MOTOR HOMES 
3 — new ’76 EXPLORERS, loaded, 23-footers, full size, fully equipped motor home a m mm w p a coaches as low as 
^ 
I S B / rn 9 v « 

2 — ITASCAS, 25-foot C models on P-3o I -ton chassis. 

 s o l . m c 
* 1 5 , 5 o o . 
Both Loaded. 

’76 CASA GRANDE. Sleeps four. Seif contained. On Vt- ton “Jimmy” 4-wheel drive chassis. List $13,169. 
On sale at $ 1 1 , 5 o o . 
USED 
7 4 PROWLER Travel trailer. One owner, like new. 
Original price $7,48o. 
** m rn r- 
Sale Price 
$ 4 / 4 5 o * 

TINDALL & SON MOTOR 
HOMES 
4 6 o o S A N P E D R O 
7 3 6 - 1 5 6 1 O R 7 3 6 - 1 5 6 8 O N S A T 

ARRIVED! ’77 COBIAS: 
VANTAGE’ 

21 ft. 

Cutfy-abin for oulboordh). Cobia 18' 
Centaur sensible short deck or open walk thru BOWnder 12oh? , 14ohp 
181 Chevy OMC IN Outs Charger 16 
!2obp 153CHEVY Center console 16 fish/skier AU these oversold since 
Jon. show, see NOW. 
* COVA 24ft 351 VB 22ft 3o2V8 next food THS month. Small deposit now cinches Jonuory SHUNG $. Get proof S T A M ride now in 22ft Cobra ftybridp upper control 351 VS Fotd- 
OMC, our most versatile fish/ski/ camper, client tax choree off in marine history (8 family s finest prescription) 
* See 77 GLASSMASTFRS 14 18ft 
3o2V8 DHC $ MfKruiser, IN of out­ board, pkun oc plush, trihull, deep-V, solid or open deck w snap-on 
Perfect buy-time-. Winter $, full summer oheod. 
* RICHLINE alum boats SI 59 up. 
* Meet or beoi iW H tU D I deols. 
* Used: $1895 
73 Mere 6Sbp. 
16 BOWrtder. Others. SANK rates, NO dealer cut. 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway or 4th PARK FREE 
SO marine years rn SJI. 227-2112 
9-6 p.m. Thats. Nite 9 pjn. Closed Sot 

•TkiHritit ieit+ itic+ iei£ 
4- BERTRAM YACHTS * 
^ For Immediate Delivery 4. 

♦ 
NEW BERTRAMS, 
* 
J 
42’, 28’, * 3 1 ' 
J 

4- 
USED BERTRAMS 
* 
* 
* 
♦ J I' 197o Elbridge Cruiser, twin 4> 
4- 325 
HP 
Mercruiser, 
Inboard 4 ' 
4- Engines, irmini Top, sun owning, J 
4 YHF radio, gin pole, outriggers 8 J 
♦ much mace. A steel at $27,9oo 
^ 

♦ SS’ Ftybridge Convertible, twin ♦ 
♦ 225 HP Diesels, ow, generator, 5 
J outriggers, fighting choir, Bimini 
^Top, with wind saeen 
Depth ^ 
^ recorder, loran CB & YHF radio A d 

S a c rific e C a b in c ru is e r, tu n y loaded reg. $1o,oo9 only $4,959. 
923-7438 
I 
Sa'iTkoa't 23' a q u o m , fib e rg la ss 
1972, *h p m o to r, b v o w n e r, 
224-1977 office, $11-391-274$ arter 
4. 
; 
Sailboat, 14', M F G Copperhead, 
Duty tilt troller $495. 681 o494 
Sailboats C om e * lorge selection 
N E W Sailboat snap. Austin 
6o4 Hiqrilond Moll Blvd 454-7)71 
21' S A N T A N A Sditboot, troller, motor, 
E X T R A S ! 
Steep* 
4. 
824 5135 j 
Seoray S R V ioo, galvanized cus- tom trailer. M e rcu ry 14$ 1-o. E x - ’ cedent condition, $51oo S34-81I4 otter 6pm 

SKI OR CRUISE 
1977 T a y lo r SS Jet 454 C h e w ' 
B e rkle y Pum p, N u tm e g M e to L flake With Tan in te rio r. Sp o rt 
W in d sh ie ld , S w im P la tfo rm , 
Matched Custom Trailer $7o95. 
O P E N SA T SU N T IL L 4 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M c Queeney, 512-557-4622 
14' Skyline V hoot fiberglass boof, 
4ohp E v m ru d e with tilt troller. 
Seats 6 odwits. m any extros New cond. $15oo. 927-3457__________ ___ 
75 18' S L E E K C R A F T ski boot. 
6ooHP Chevy motor, let drive. 
684 21o3_____________ ___ 
71 S P O R T C R A F T , 15' tri-hull, 
5oHP m ercury, nice trader, $139$. 
344-37o1 i 
S P Y O E R 
One 17ft Dem o, 85bp M e rcu ry , tro lle r, $35oo. O n e 17!t. u se d 
Sportscrort with trader, $16oo 
J 
6618 Randolph Blvd., 654-o38o 
D ISC O U N T BO A T S A L E S 
68 Stearncrott 17', l-O, Tri-Hull, 
12o M e rc ru iz e r, G a le , T ra ito r 
Less than 3o hrs careful operation 
53ooo Firm 223 8738 Ort Sum 
Sunfish Sailboat and troller, like new, extras. 684-4129 att 5:3o 
T E R R Y B A S S boat and trailer, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , lo a d e d . 
653 8158 otter 4 ___________ 
T H O M P S O N Oft sh o re 2! 

 a 

'U O 'U i 
LOOK AT THESE 
Lu'j'M 'Jj'J 

STARTING AT 

$ 3 7 5 o . 

 largest selection of 12- 

14 Wides, 2-4 Bedrooms. 
SUNSET 
MOSHE HOMES 

2767 S.W. M ilitary 

9 2 2 - o 5 4 o 

 n 

 real bargain $68,5oo. 

GULF COAST MARINE 
“Texas largest Bertram 

Call: BILL HOLMES 
512-888-82o6 

 tap streak. Com pletely lifted. Be au ­ tiful. E v e n in g s a n d w k e n d * 
1-625-4995 W kdavs 222-2293 
18' Thunderbird, 12ohp. 1-o G al*. 
Trailer 655-2o54 
Trihull, 17 Ft F ib e rg la ss , out­ board, custom trailer, 
$1,9oo. 
1 438-7527. 
1974 1o 
T r i - ll U11 “S p o rt 'b o a t. trailer, motor, 518oo. 222-1614. 
1974 Venture 21 ti. sailboat, race eautpp.'d com plete with trailer, m any extras, 6fto Evinrude, mint condition, $4,BOC- Coll 512-689-2984! after 6pm. 
_______ 

1977-NEW! 
MOBILE 
HOMES 

— AT USED 
PRICES— 
5 DAYS oNIY! 
Look & SEE!! 
J&R 
MOBILE HOMES 
114ooIH35 N. 
Take Werdner Rd. Exit 
655-o471 

 alfaki 

I 

22' V E N T U R E pop top, 3 salts.! head, sink, motor, trailer, good \ condition Transferring overseas ! 
$43oo. 
674-8943, after 5:1o pm I 
696-o74o. 
[ 

• DON'T 6AMBLE, SHOP 

R o n d o ! 
OH THI MST BUY 
YOU CAN, THIN SHOP 
Rondo! Marine ' 
O n 
1 9 7 6 C lose O uts. 
Free trailer, 
Free ac­ cessories, Free controls on 
'7 6 
M odel 
Close 
O uts. 
Plus save hun­ dreds of dollars now! 
WI BUY ANO SEU 
. 
.. 
Used loots, Motors 
- Trait* H 

^ t W d / M A R l N E 
I SO T W. HH Aah,— 4 
7 3 2 - 1 2 3 3 

14 V -H u ll fib e rg la ss, ‘7o 33H P 
Joh nson, tilt tra ile r, exce lle n t > condition $995. 657 1198__________ 
Wnlen 2599 loin Galvanized hull 
$25oo 427 Ford engine with heat exchanger. 732-2o57 
I 
W estSoil 32 1975. Sem blv Found for Extended Cruising, Excellent 
Condition, $49,5oo 1-512-853-oo15. J 

•74 IS' Crew s Craft, tri-hull, walk through windshield, SoHP M ere. engine, app 3o h rs Dilly frailer 
$215o. 674-47o1 

8o6 SPORTING 6oooS 

B r m K H r a v T ^ iT o f T ^ T r ^ iro n s and woods. G olden B e a r emblem on each club. 735-1869 
B ro w n in g O -U S h o tg u n , model 
29. 
Contender 
658-7242 

S B W pistol 

I B u y a n d S e ll G u n s 
655-4o12 

MOBILE HOMES i 
Exclusive Dealer Ear... a Iom o< o a Fleetwood 
, a Home rte • Sc huh 
• Sandpoint* 
. i i i US flKST f largo selection) 
225o AUSTIN HWY. 
< 
655-2894 
2922 S.W. MUIT ADY 
< 
A 
924-4424 
I 

W E T A K E T R A D E IN S, W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A LL . M A X 
924-4225 

’77 2o’ c u tty 
C r u is e C a b in , D e e p V, T w in 
Transom Fish Boxes, Potty. Galv. 
Trailer, 14o O M C Drive. $6867. 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M c Queeney, $12-557-4422 
O P E N Sot Sun till 4»m 
E x tra clean ISH Bow rider, 225 
Buick engine, top side curtains, all accessories, $3795. 655-4519 

 lf you have o gun collection you want to consign either at our Gun 
Auction in July or to sell outright, call Tom Keilman, 512-251-4234 or 
512-459-o797________ 
Over loco G uns lo Choose Fro m 
B U Y - S E L L - T R A D E 
Am erican Loon, 227-8572 
Rem ington o3-A3, 3o-o6 excellent 
595 atter ttpm 341-2135.____________ 
W A N T E D 
12 or 2o gauge over ond under shotgun, m olded ond im p ro v e d c y lin d e r . 226-8255; 
826-139o ofter 6pm 

8o8 HUNTING & FISHING 

Fantastic Tunnel hull Glostec ski boat, true BOmph. only IO hrs. on toe prep. 15o X K SS . Super econ­ omy, super perform ance, beau titu I. B o a t c o v e r a n d cu sto m trader included $6ooo. Call atter 
5pm. 681-2347. 
'"' Fine Selection used Sailboats 
N E W Sailboat Shop, Austin 
6o4 Highland M all Blvd 454-7171 
F IS H E R M A N 
1973 fib e rg ia s H ig g sc ra tt B a s s 
Boat with 1975 E v in ru d e , 5ohp motor. All extras included, fully equipped trailer, depthfinder, 24 volt electric m otor and a n ch o r motes. M ust sell $18oo 828-3945 I otter 5; day time 696-75o7. 
F I S H E R M A N S D R E A M I 
'75 
S E A R A Y Am beriack, 21'. Center : console, 15o Hp. Mere. outboard motor. Custom drive-on trailer. all extros. 568oo. 432-1o48_________ 
F o r sale by ow ner, 1972 A q u o 
Sport, 1 9 > i\ 125 H P E v in r u d e 
Motor with power lift, galvanized trailer, used 132 h o u rs, $55oo. 
M onday Friday, 8 am i pm, office 
824-2358. 
25 tt. C abin C ru ise r, ftybridge, trailer, $1o.75o, otter, 653-3883 
1973-18 tt Cobalt, fib e rg la ss jet boat with 245 hp Cheverolet C or­ vette engine with le ss than 2oo h o u rs. 1974 d u a l w h e e l D illy t ra ile r. 
B o th in e x c e lle n t condition. $53oo. 636-2111_________ 
23 FT Fiberglass Cabin C ru ise r 
Inboord-outboard, tandem trailer, excellent condition. 
$2975. 
735-3947 

Houston based com pany 
| looking for a d e e r and quail hunting lease in Laredo- 
Freer-Zapata area. 
W e outgrew our old lease and now need a lease of about 
5 o o o -1 o ,o o o acres. 
W o u ld like option for future years. 
Coll 7 1 3 -4 6 2 -4 5 7 5 collect. 
Ask for Larry Duke 

SO ocres bluff creek ranch. $495 per acre, great hunting, we will finance 2o years at 7 **% sim ple interest, with 5% down payment. 
Coll tor appointment 734-9343 
14 acres hunting country, big deer and turkey, excellent hunting, on fence line of la rg e ra n c h $49o down payment. $75.84 per month. 
Owner financed, coll for m form g lion. 734-7944 lu nier 
1ooo 
Hunter ond wife want TOO-Ii I acre brush country hunting and fishing lease 824-139o 
______ 
T o s t O U R L E A S E ! Texos Tower 
Deer Blinds, $3o ea. You Toke 
Down 
And 
Haul 
Langford 
433-5841. 

R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A IL E R S A L E S 
493o R IG S B Y 
448-oo4o 

7B4 - TIRES Bams accessories 
,; 
75 
Like new condition 
A M -F M stereo radio, out OI Cut- 
SO U TH T E X A S Trailers & Supply lass. $4o. 494-7148. 
Black & Decker hard-seat, valve grinder kit No. 6337. 679-7395 

1121o IH 35N. 
653-416! 

Car P arts for Sale Novo W agon 
64 6 CVI. Call David 735-57o1 

C E N T R A L T I R E CO. 
7oS N.F L O R E S 
224-5473 
57 Chevy, 4 door, body carts, call 
533-23o3 betore 6pm 
P a rts tor '64 Chevy, front end, doors, etc. 434-7o58 Atter 5 
‘68 Plym outh 383 engine, condition. $1oo. 667-12o9, 
Perfect 

2 P O N T IA C C a ta lin a 4 d o o r irdtop, Like new before dam age i righ t re a r door and quarter met. Will sell as is or by piece 
'15) 
347-6349 or nights 
(915) 
17-6742 
_______ 

A R G O S Y 24' trailer, 1973 loaded, like new. 342-43oo 
A R IS T O C R A T Travel T rollers 
The choice of the quality buyer 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S T IN HW Y. 
6SS-o2SI 
B L A N C O P R O D U C T S 
N O M A D -R E D D A L E -J A Y C O 
41o a* Broadw ay 824-2981 

36 Ft. 2 B e d ro o m 5th W h e e l 
T rave l Trailer, air conditioned. 
E xce p tio n ally clean with extra water tanks. 
649-1564, 448-3471 
533 3871.__________________________ 
22 F T T ra v e l T ra ile r Self-con­ tained, sleeps 6, like new. $2825. 
227-2771.__________________________ 
21ft. W igw am tandem axle, m any extras, Im m aculate condition, see to appreciate. $315o. 922-8587 

H A R P E R M O T O R CO 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S and S E R V IC E tor 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
B U N G A L O W Travel T railers and 
5Th Wheels 
24o1 S.W. M ilitary 924-5514 
H rs: M on-Fri. 9-4. Sun. 1:3o-6 

•71 R O Y A L C O A C H M E N 26’ 
A ir, sp a re tire, w heel, perfect condition. Will W arranty. 
SO U TH T E X A S T railers A Supply 
1121o IH35N 
653-4161 
1975 Scotty, IS ’, im m aculate, ex­ tras. $195o 658-o885 
IV V , ‘72 self contained cabover camper, best otter. 684-77o4, after 
3. 696-o81o 8 - 3 p m . ____________ 

S H A S T A * P R O W L E R 
We Take Trade-Ins 
Complete Service Dept. 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH1o 3 M i North of Boerne 
R T 2 B O X 127 S A. Phone 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P.M. 

W e B U Y A L L T yp e s of T ra v e l 
Trollers. Coll: M E L 924-5514 
‘74 Wide World 25' Travel Trailer by Holiday. Double bed, center both. Like new ond loaded! $5258. 
532-1958. 

8o2 MOTOR HOMES 

 site -re n t 

A M RY SERVICE 
M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o4 Austin Hwy. 824-3248 
A d d -A - R o o m fre e e stim a te s, terms, tree delivery 924-5oo3 
A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N.W. Loop 41o 
734-5131 

TINDALL and SON 
PONTIAC-GMC, INC. 
Authorized Dealer for... 
• EXECUTIVE • 
• ITASCA • 
• EXPLORER • 
MOTOR HOMES 
Plus e full bae of used R.V. wohidii 
46oo SAN PEDRO 
734-1541 rn 716-1548 ta iatw4ayii 

15ft. fib e rgla ss, m otor, tra ile r, extras, $4o8. 694-81o5.____________ 

W A N T E D D E E R L E A S E : For IO e x p e rie n c e d gu n s. P re fe r bill co u n try. C lyd e R o w e 222-2774 
Otter 8:o.rn. 658-7932 

8 1 o -MOBILE HOMES-SAIE 

Size, Delivery- Term s, 923-4344. 

W IN D C R E S T A R E A C u sto m - built ‘73 Weston rn ob fie home on nice size lot. 2 bdrm . 2 bath w-aice tai and 2 covered oatios. O w ner will consider financing. 
BED CARPET 

14x64 2 bedroom ^ a ssu m e lo rn 
698-o597 eves, weekends 
14'x8o‘ Custom m ade. Excellent cond. All built in appliances, 3-2, 
Low equity, assum e paym ents. 
923-o558 
1ox55 M O B I L E H O M E . 2 b e ­ droom, both 69o-9512 
_ 
_ 
14x6o N EW , 2 bedroom 
H i both turn. $95oo. 
We discount for Cosh! 
R E O R IV E R Mobile H om es 
2418 A U S T IN H W Y 
653-9751 
144x8o S E Q U O IA L ik e new , 3 bedroom , 2 baths, central heat, air. tie-downs, skirting, covered patio, extras. NW. $25o8- equity, o s s u m e $ 1 2 V m a 4 8 ^ o 3 1 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

812 Moiiile Home Spaces 

A d o n ^ n d T a n u l T 's e n io r r ^ n ib house with sw im m ing pool. Paved streets, u n d e rg ro u n d utilities, la rg e lots, no pets, best m ain - tainted park la town, on S.E. M»i»- troy D r west of IH37, across from 
Brooks Field, Indian Hills Mobile 
Home Park. 333-o83o. 

CANYON UKE 
E x t r a la rg e m o b ile hom e lot. 
$1475, $75 dow n, 84 m onths at 
$21.83 A P R 8b, 
Coll A. Jones. 226-23o3 
F e n c e d lot w ith 48' p o lio a n d ste p s. W ill tak e la r g e m o b ile home. W ater pd. N eor U T SA ond 
U SAA. Coll G roce 224-9573, otter 6 
433-2622 if you see beautiful Cozy Cove P k at 5215 C restw av. no other w ill satisfy, very reasonable 454 1818. 
L A R G E S h a d e d lo ts to r re n t, newly remodeled. Close to down­ tow n. C ity w a te r a n d s e w e r. 
Security g u a rd P H A ap p ro ve d pork P ool recreation room, ond shuffleboard under construction. 
U N D E R N E W M A N A G E M E N T 
G E M B L E R RO. T R A IL E R P X . 
IOU Gam bler Rd. 333 1873 
LO T N E A R R A N D O L P H F IE L D , 
18ox2oo O w n e r fin a n c e d . $58 down, $29 month. 
484-4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
M O B IL E H O M E P A R K L O T S 
$45 mo. F H A approved, J u d so n lad Schools 658-oo22, 658-1326 
N E , S h a d y A c r e s T r a ile r P IL fenced, store room, trees, $37 $8, 
Near W indsor P k Moll. 826 8766 

HW Gtostron Deep-Vee, l-O, well cored tor. Custom dnveon trailer. 
$395o. 454-2144. 
______________ _ 
14' Galaxy 75, 85hp M ercury, Tri 
Hull, Ait Equip. $2895. 653-5441. 
6! 14' G L A S P A R , H H P E x t ­ rude. seats 6, Excetlent cond., 
$1595. 512-379-o143 
75 22' G L A S T R O N with head, galley, bunks, full canvas, 6ooo lb trailer. Seen at M e rce r's M arine. 
658-1712 or 796-4539 
22' G R A N D B A H A M A , full cabin, galley. 188HP M ere cruiser, galv trailer. 
A L L 
A C C E S . 
$89oo 
473-389o 

Am erican Mobile & M odular 
H O M E S IN SA N A N T O N IO , Inc 
922 /191 
922 o441 
I Bed ro o m , 2 bath, b u ilt-in fireplace, full 7 Vt ceiling, 5 full axles, buil-in appliances, 3 ton air conditioning, 3 y rs old, sold new 
$16,8oo, steal at $11,5oo 337 81o9 

981 - BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

A 

B eryl's Mobile Home Center 
N E W ana USED-451-4941 
16513 IH-35 N O R T H (Selm a Exit) 

2o' H ig g sc ra tt, 2oo E v in r u d e . drive on trailer. $479$ 434 9834 
433-6475 
■ 
76 H IG G S C R A F T 16’ Tri hull and 
35HP E vin ru d e Gold and white. 
Like new, IO h rs ru n n in g time. 
$2895. 333-2o8o 

BIG COUNTRY 
Mobile home site, from 12$ to $45 per month, low down, short drive to town, Hill Country. 494-3419 or 
342 18o8. 
L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
Deluxe trailer, 3 bedroom, 2 both, 
$2,5oo d ow n o n d to ke up payments, 481-85o1______________ _ 

Howe Cal Sailboats 
D IS P L A Y at S T O N E M A R IN E 
7248 Bandera Road 
Dealer; Jewett Services, 342-8/78 

2o' Mini Motor Home, air, am-fm, cruise control 653-2513. 
________ 
M O TO R H O M E L E A S E C L U B 
Lim ite d M e m b e rsh ip , up to 5 w eeks use per y e a r $125 per week 27’ L u x u ry M o to r Hom e, 
822 o859 or 826-4891 m te i_________ 
Motorhome Rental: Sleeps 4-114o week plue 1oc mile. 655-2252 
M O TO R H O M E R E N T A L S : Fully self contained. Rates by day or week-453-41o8 
'72 O P E N R O A D M otor Home, 2o', 
Oodge Chassis, Excellent condi­ tion Take trade. 828-o383 

April. M a y and August Rentals. 
G M O 22' "M in i". Great rates. 
492-941o 

' *75 D O D G E M IN I M O T O R H O M E . . i 

S e lf-c o n ta in e d . 
T a k e o v e r payments. $6oo equity. 655-o751. 

'74 D o d g e S w in g e r 3o' M o t o r 
H o m e . M u s t se ll b e c a u se of 
I Divorce. 1-874-5962; 1-876-52o8. 
•73 Escapade. Like new. Sleeps 8. i 
L o w m ites. F u lly e q u ip p e d . : 
$11,ooo firm. 333-1773 
________ 
35' GM O Bus convened to motor home, self contained, $46oo. Atter 
5 pm, 838-2989. 
_ 
•75 G M C M in i M otor Home. 22', i 
Fully equipped, com pletely self- contained. Low mileage, excellent condition. $1o,8oo 696-3834 

B O X -iN Cam per. N eeds repair. 
$2oo. Coll: 337-3942._____________ 
C o b o ve r ca m p e r tor sh o rt bed pickup, sleeps 4. 733-115o._________ 
Cam per, S', equipped A la ska n , 
A l, 653-8158 otter 4.___________ 

H E IM E R C A M P E R S A L E S 
San Antonio's Exclusive 
C O A C H M E N D E A L E R 924-8335 
Tent T ra ile rs - T ra v e l T ra ile rs, 
T r u c k C a m p e r s - M in i M o t o r 
Homes. 5Th wheel Trailers 
3329 S.W M ilitary, W. of Som erset 

C A M P E R S P E C IA L ! 7 2 LUV with 
C a m p e r. A ir , a u x ilia r y tan k. 
$1795. Eves: 349-2o44. 

HI LO Travel trailer, 21’ self-con­ tain e d , m a n y e x t ra s , $45oo. 
257-8844Jf,exryjl(j, no collect. 

B M BOB 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A L E S 
114 K ingsbury 
S E G U IN , TX. 
74 
S la r c r a f t - S t a r m a s t e r 
8 comber, in excellent shape, m any extras. $18oo. 658-9844. 

M O TO R H O M E S 
Exclusive Franchised Dealer tor: 
X P L O R E R , T R A V E L Q U E E N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
342o SO. P A D R E IS L A N D DR.51 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I, Tx. 
7841$ 

G M C M O T O R H O M E 
F O R R E N T 
349-o/72; 349-4311, 734-93o9 

23’ Starcratt Travel Trailer. Self- contained, sleeps 
4. 
$34/5. 
698-2448. 

S T A R C R A F T Tent Cam per $14oo well equipped, clean. 826-477o. 

73 B ro u g h a m S p o rtsm a n m in i motor home, 19ft. self-contained, good cond , $7,5oo 658-1573. 
Burke Motor Home Center 
86oo B R O A D W A Y 
828-9134 

I X PRISS ANO NtW S 

GMC Motor Homa Rental 
Doily and Weekly Rates 
P H O N E : 
641-7212 
G R E Y H O U N D 
B U S , 
39 passenger, G M diesel aux, air, docum ented m ointenonce. F a n - tostic buy. $75oo 1-884-o6o8______ 
Luxury Motor Homes Rent. Low 
Rotes. 658 7661, 656-7119__________ 
1975 19' M ini-M idas motor home, low miles, good condition. $1o,7oo. 
. 696-2o75, 
_____ 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
Exclusive Dealer tor: Champion, 
Titan, Life tim e M o to r H o m e s, 
Mini Motor Homes 
2271 A U ST IN H W Y 
655-o251 
Want To Buy M otor Home. Any 
Make 
Any 
Model. 
658-7661, 
654-7119 
________________________ 
73 Winnebago 27' Chiefton Motor 
Home. Excellent condition, fully equipped. M ic h e lin tire s, low m ile a ge . See to a p p r e c ia te ! 
Boerne: 1-537-4374._______________ 
'73 W IN N E B A G O , 15,ooo m iles. 
$7,5oo. Self contained. 673-11oo 

8o4-BOATS MOTORS 
^ A T n jo c ^ ttl^ T rv T in rre m ^ a b l? tib e rg io ss top, c a n v a s co v e r. 
I2oho M e rc ru is e r l-O, 74 S h o r­ eline trailer. $42oo. Coll Bob tor appt: b u s in e s s, 635-8431; R e ­ sidence, 1-393 2897. 
1969 Arrow giass B a ss boot, 8o hp 
M e re ., tro llin g m o to r, D illy trailer. 658-7692. 

B o ss bool, '71, I i ’ tib e rg io ss , 
2oH P j o h n s o n , new c a rp e t, trolling motor, stick steering, ex- 
; cedent condition E X T R A S ! $1325 or Best Otter. 657-1198_________ _ 
C A T A L IN A 27, tall rig, outboard, full race, 5 sails, 9 winches, 2 yrs. old. fresh waler only, alm ost new condition. 817-773-5914 otter oprn 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake McQueeney, $12-557-6422 
Open Everyday except M onday 
Shp Seahawk outboard motor. 3 gallon gas tank. 
A sking $1oo 
349-913o 
I 
7 ; H P Sears external tank. 2 yrs. old, oooroxim ately 2o hrs. use, 
$125. 333-9o92 SAT. O N L Y !_______ 
, 2o’ H urricane, 135 Johnson, all a c c e ss o re is in c lu d in g tilt and 
, trim. In w arranty, m oke otter. 
49o-o537 
____________________ 

: 18' Invader, 16SHP M ere cruiser. 
Drive on trailer. 2oo hrs. Excel- lent cond $45oo 34 1 3381_________ 
16' In v a d e r w d ik th ro u g h , 76 
Johnson 1'S Tilt trailer trot mo­ tor. good condition, priced to sell. 
; 453-5521.__________________________ 
M ach ll Sailboat Lighter, foster, cheaper than a Sunfish. 14’, 95 lbs 
, $45o complete with car top rig. 
I 69o-85o3. 
14’ M ark Twain, C hrysler JO, cu s­ tom drily troller, 655-29o5 
15' M F G b oss boat, 7oH P E vin - 
! rude with less than IO hrs. Oilly trailer with bearing buddies, troll i motor, ch art-grop h fish finder, com pass, anchor mate, aenator, speedometer, toe, fuel, tempera to re g o u g e s, E X T R A S ! C a ll 
653-1o29 otter 6pm. List for $54oo. 
Sell $38oo. 
75 mod. 19ft D E C K B O A T , tlShp 
M e re ., p o w e r trim , ta n d e m trailer, loaded ..S43So. P S M ony used trode-ms to choose from. 
T E X -A L L Boot, 222-9628 
R A C E S K I B O A T 
18’ Stevens, W trailer 4oo ho V- dnve, 75 pius mph. Extra Clean. 
532-4151. 633-2643.________________ 
1975 R anger B a ss Boat, 14 c u s­ tom troller, fully eauwped. $3,6oo. 
696-2685 atter 6pm. 
R O C K B O T T O M P R IC E S on In voders and DeckBoats, Johnson ond M ercurys. R A Y S M A R IN E , 
C a n yo n Lake. H w y. 2673 n ear 
Startzvitie A N O Hwy. 3o6 ocross from Goofy's. 1-899-21 IO. 

WEEKEND SPECIAL! 
Off ICI FURNITURE GROUPING 
( u s e d ) 

I Shaw W alker 3o * 6 o " 
Executive Desk 

I Show Polker 3-drawer letter file cabinet 
I 6F Executive or Secretary swivel choir 
$299.5o Complete ami delivered 
ALAMO TRADING 
AND LIQUIDATING 

A~B 
D IC K 11x17 P a p e r” Pow er-’ 
224 4487 
Calculators, billing machine, gar men! rocks, IM dry copter, sleet 
„ „ 
„ 
_ 
. . . . . shelves, m isc display item s Pa 
O K. E o s v te rm s. 494-3419 e r co , 4459 D id H w y VO W e st. 
342^)8o^ 
L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L U m S T X t t t - W H - 
_ 

F U R N IS H E D 12x6o T h re e be- d ro o m s, I ’ » b a th s. E x t r a s . 
927-5769 otter 5 3o and weekends 
Hove your own Stiow berry Hill. 2 bedroom mobile home, m ony ex­ tras, near adult club house and 

SIDO DOWN LIMITED TIME 
Large Hill Country Site, m obiles 

C harb ro iier, double sm oll pizza i oven, 2 door reach in refr igerator, deep fryer. 49o-8951.__________ _ 
Com bo, collator, folding tables, 
IB M dictating and tra n sc rib in g m a c h in e s, m ic ro fic h e re a d e r* printer, Sony vtdeocorder, stock­ p o t N ear Leon Sprin g s M obile I mg chairs 734 5o91 
, Villa. Only $18,5oo Call anytim e 1 S 
■ 
- 
■ 
Mrs. Block 698-2135, 732-81 1 ! 
FAMILY REALTY 

INSTANT CASH 
For used mobile hom es 
82*324o______________ 
924-4424 

J& R MOBILE HOMES 
New-used, 114oo IH 35N, 655-o471 
L U X U R IO U S M obile H om e and J lot. G reen Valley Estates, N ew 
Braunfels. Tx. 2-1*4, tom. option­ al, land scap ed, carp ort, patio. 
Beautiful native rock skirtin g. 
Ctubhouse-pool onvled ges. M u st see! (1)625-8945__________________ 
M O B IL E H O M E O W N E R S 
Need a tittie extra ca sh ? 
W E buy Mootle Home Tires ond 
Wheels. $1o. Each. B ring in or we 
Dick up 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2742 S.W .M IL IT A R Y O R 

9 2 2 - o 5 4 o 
•7! N E W M O O N . 14x6o 
2 b e ­ droom, air heat carpeted 6811373 

ONLY $21oo 
F o r a lm o st a n a c r e ! M o b ile 
Homes site North. Term s to suit. 
494-3419, 342 18o8. L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 

Complete gro u p s of office furai* lure Coll 8-4, 225-5744. 
D esks ond Other Office Furniture, 
828-8742__________________________ 
Dishw asher, beer box. snow cone machine dough mixer, steam ta- ble Used-new, 733-1292.___________ 
For A L L N E W and U S E D Kitchen 
Equipm ent coo Supplies See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co. 
19oo Son Pedro__________ 733-8931 
IB M M odel C typ ew riter, v e ry good condition. 8225 714-5181 

3 L O A D S T A R H U E B S C H 
Com m ercial D rye rs 
7 M A Y T A G 
Com m ercial W ashers 
$25o each dryer 
$98 each w asher 
$13oo tor OH 
Call 733-8149 or 824-7874 
For m ore information 

. •'iltilith ort et printer, Oodei 8$ 
SSOv 226-42 ,9_____________________ 
R e sta u ra n t T a b le s and C h a irs. 
28qt. Hobart M ix e r, w 'xstan d. 7 
Total Electric Cash Register, Au- tomohc Donut M achine. 223-1523. 
Toylor Twin ice-cream machine, 
$1895 Lorge cooler, 4 x4 x4', $3oo. 
O T H E R C A F E E Q U I P M E N T 
249-8164 am 249-287o pm (Boerne) 
4 4 8 13 Total N C R C a sh R e g is ­ ters 534-349o. 448 3358 

 bl974 Spar)on 14x7o, central air, heat. A ssu m e paym ents. A nd or 
1*i acre lot, ail utilities, equity ond assum e 624-1Co1 
Wanted: Equity In targe m obile home and cash tor equity in 3-2-2 in Camelot ll. 653-4555. 333-2123 
W A N T E D !!! 
U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A S H -F A ST S E R V IC E 
M R M IL E S 924-4231 

Used Record-O Fone with remote pick up, $35o 342-4459____________ 
W A L K IN C O O L E R . 3o x34 x22' hign no Moor Goivom zed interior ond exterior with IShp Hussm atic condensing unit 2 evaporator ceil blower*. I electric door. D esigned tor produce bv H ussm ann engin­ eers. Only $ m os OM O riginally sold tor $41,ooo plus installation. 
Will sett tor $28,ooo Com m ercial 
Refrigeration Co., 2344 Cuiebra, 
734 5o84 

P a g e 
8-F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1 9 7 7 
I 
9o3 BUI IDING MATERIALS 
I 
9o3 BUILDING MATEBIALS 

 i 
I ' 
9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS 
9o3 -BUILDING MATERIALS 

I 
' 
' 
_ 
— 
SPRING CtettUk 

SALE ENDS 
SATURDAY 

APRIL 3oth 
1977 

Gat. 

DUE TO OUR PURCHASE OF FACTORY CLO­ 
SEOUTS O N PAINTS AND SUNDRIES AND OUR 
ANNUAL SPRING WAREHOUSE CLEAN-UP, WE 
CAN OFFER TO OUR CUSTOMERS THESE 
BLOCK-BUSTER SPECIALS 
R e g . SAU 

ALAMO GREEN LABEL LATEX FLAT (Colors only)....................... ’7" *2 ” 

ALAMO BLUE LABEL LATEX FLAT (Colors only)......................... ’8" *2“ 

R.C. LATEX FLAT (Colors only)......................................... S5So 

HI-HIDE LATEX FLAT (white & off-white) ............................. $6M 

ALAMO LATEX SATIN ENAMEL (Colors only) ........................ $1o“ 

MOORWOOD PENETRATING ALKYD STAINS ........................ MO*1 

PENTAFLEX ALKYD EXTERIOR FLAT WHITE .......................... ’1o“ 

MOORCRAFT ALKYD SEMI-GLOSS (light Peach)..................... MO" 

PAPCO PAINTING KIT (With Butket)................................. MO" 

REGULAR VINYL WALLCOVERING .................... CLOSE-outs 3o% OFF 

FLOCK VINYL WALLCOVERING...................... CLOSE-OUTS 2o% OFF 

REGULAR WALLPAPER................................ CLOSE-OUTS 3o% OFF 
SELI-A-BRATION SPECIALS 
R EG . 

 ll oz. CARTRIDGES G.E. SILICONE CAULK ............................. !5“ 

3 oz. TUBES G.E. SILICONE CAULK...................................... %T 

SEAL TREAT WOOD PRESERVATIVE ..................................... ‘6" 

JOMAX MILDEW REMOVER (Mokes 5 gels.)........................... ‘6’1 
ALAMO PAINT AND WALLPAPER 

7 1 1 C U L E B R A 
734-51o1 

S IN C E 1 9 1 1 

I 
'( ( in 

IBa n k Am e r ic a r o 

 m f k h k A k . 
HOI FAIR 
532-3X67 

912 FLEA MARKETS 

SPRING SPECIALS 
Ida dried—Moo Brite 
2x4-8—14' No. 2 YP 
...164 Ll. 
2x6-8-14 No. 2 YP ......... 24c 
2x4-8-14 No. I YP 
TBc 
2*6-8-14 No. I YP ......... 26c 
2*8-8-14 No. 2 YP ............31c 
2x6-8-14' No. I YP ......... 34c 
BARGAIN HUNTERS 
SPECIAL 
2*4 precut KD fir studs . . . . TVC 
2*4 precut KO YP studs ... 79t 
2*41o-16 HD fir ........... »»« 

2x 6 1o-16'KO fir ........... 15c 
4x8 Vi" CDK DFPA 
...........S6.99 
4x8 
7/16 
RJ.&B. embossed hdboord sdg. Bnnod A grade 

$995 
CASH & CARRY 
WHILE STOCK LASTS 
CA SLUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
1924-B556 

 e Hews 

* ♦ 
922 • MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

914-ANTIQUES 

SWAPPERS PARK 
Is o Flee Mart, Gotoqe Sole etc— 
A 
Bargain a minute sole .. All in one. 
In one bio swap meet under beautiful shade trees. Sot Sun. some holidays. Sellers... $3.oo pet day 
99o6 Woursund 
222-9985 
South on Pleasanton, first Place passed 41o Bridge. 

Atar temp, Ttxm, m n ttie ptoce to be Hits bos! weeknw if mo me o boyer rn setter in the lien Market Held TM o6l»U "bf fit* 
MARKtT M d there brand Opening this pest St and Sun with the tosh by the Drill DICKS and IM I OK Of. WILD Pony tides (antesstans frank ood lam fcktrben Owners el the DOU 
SU M wert pleased wrtb the lumeut this weekend, and are looking tor larger irowds rn the weeks to came The Ooubie “M" Is open every Sot and Sun for the Sole, and invite all seders os snell os buyers to tome out and |otn the tun rn Cleat Spnngs, terns 

San Antonio flea Market 
* unique plate ta buy, sell and trade. 
1428 Austin Hwy. Open Sat. Sun. 7-7. 
8 2 8 - 1 4 8 8 
New Rotes 54 Sat , $8 Son. perm a­ nent buildings bemg built weekly, features: fully paved, with restrooms, concession stands and arcade security, ample parking. 22 acre sight being developed into South W est 
Finest. 

Anitque sofa, 2 a rm chairs, e arly 
V ictorian, beautiful condition also roll top desk. 341-6778. 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
Sunday, A pr. 17, 1:3o PM 
G ary's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. 
Call 398-37o1 

THE DOUBLE “M" FLEA MARKET 
Is open every Sat.-Sun front 7JO dark for your convenience. We in­ vite everyone to come buy-sell- trade, any and everything, food, 
Drinks, Pony Rides, balloons, at 
S4 OO per space how could you miss. 
Take Hwy. 46 E out of New Braun­ fels go 3 miles to Clear Springs. I- 
^ 2 9 -2 2 8 5 

SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST 
INDOOR HEAT MARKET EVERY 
SATURDAY-SUNDAY 
NORTHWEST SHOPPING CENTER 
36oo BLOCK 
FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
BACK SIDE OF CENTER 
FOR INFORMATION OR 
RESERVATIONS 
3 4 1 - 7 3 3 7 

UNITED FLEA MARKET 

SWAP-A-RAMA SWAP MEET 

Giant Steel Building and Forking 
Stalls. 2o acres of picnic area 
O p e n e v e ry S a*. & Sun. 
6 a .m . - 8 p .m . 
L ive Bands and 
W e s te rn G u nfig hts on S unday. 
3 6 7 8 S. W .W . W hite Rd. 
^ 

A n tiq u e te lep h o n e of 1912, best ofter. 648-4328._____________________ 
Bedlam Brass Beds 
Tw in, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
S O L ID BRASS H E A D B O A R D S 
824-6925________ 
3123 B roadw ay 

DESS’ ANTIQUES 
545o Old Seguin R d., 661-5582 
Black Lacquered Chinese Screen, a p p ro x . S’ 1 o" t a ll. In la id w ith iv o r y , M o th e r -o f P e a r l, s o a p ­ stone. 826-5o76. 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 
Genuine Strong Bam (orrug. Iron lengths to 2o ....... $24.95 sq.' 
Corrugated Fiberglass, full 4 oz. 
8 . $4 39 IO , $5.49 12 , $6.59 
Asbestor Siding.......... $27.95 sq. 
First quality birch paneling. 
'/tin.................... $7.95aa. 
4x8 3/8 COX plywood 55.79 ea. 
4*8—1/2” COX plywood ............... $6.98 ea 
Insulation VA" 
9'/i4 sq. ft 
Insulation 6"............... 164 sq. ft. 
THE MONEY SAVER 
NcsterCharge 
BankAmericord 
Where Cosh Buys at Wholesale 

983 BUILDING MATERIALS 

LEPPARD LUMBER® 
B t-Foid Doors, $7 5o. New Screen 
D oors, $12.5o, Solid C ore Doors. 
521.5o. M a n y Used W indow s and 
Doors. 31o3 W. C om m erce. 

White Supply Last! 
2 *4 IO' N o! Y .P . 17c lineal It. 
9o6 R U IZ 227-5975 

9o7 - FURNITURE 

D IS P L A Y E D F u rn itu re , B rovhill, 
Lane, Bassett, S erta, Thom asville and other nam e brands A vailable a t S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N . 
Please Com e M a k e an O ffer on all o r one p ie c e . 349-4127. 8515 B 
Speedway. Term s 

W r e c k in g B ig H o u s e , lo ts o f building m a te ria ls fo r sale. C all before 8 ond o fte r 6, 626-2698. 

E A R L Y A m erican Bedroom Set, includes T rip le D re s s e r, H u tch , 
M irro r, Chest, N ight Stand, Bed and Foundation. 525o. D isplayed 
O nly C an D e liv e r. S M IT H C O N ­ 
S T R U C T IO N . 349-4127. 851S B 
Speedw ay, T e rm s _____ 

1” x 6 ” x 6 ’ P r iv a c y F e n c e 
Boards. Rough Pine, T re ated , 
Leave n a tu ra l, pain t or stain. 
Beats C edar 89c ea. 

BA RKER S U PPLY 
3143 SE M ilita ry D r 
333-6o41 

E X T R A F irm O rth o p e d ic K in g size M a ttre s s , 2 Box S prin gs in 
Foundation, $75. Still in O rig in a l 
Package. O ther Sizes Cost Less. 
Can D eliver. S M IT H C O N S TR U C - 
TIO N . 349-4127. 8515 B Speedw ay, 
K arotkins Dow ntown T h rift 
Basem ent, New -used fu rn itu re 
231 E .C o m m erce, 227-6361 
LACK 'S Discount W arehouse 
Used F u rn itu re and Appliances 
943 C O L IS E U M D R . 
225-7444 

UMBER BARGAINS 

 b x Wall Point 
$3.5o 1 
I Na. 3 Select studs 
894 
I lb Sealdown shingles $13.95 
I VV COX Plywood 
. . $6.99 
I %” plywood 
$1o.95 c24 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 
ALUMINUM RATIO DOORS 
...........................................4 W 
•CASH AND CARRY" 
MINIS LUMBER CO. 
o7 I Durango 
533-5115 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
1oo1 Austin St., 226-1437 
U n iv ers al City, 658-6331 

^PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

B a c k fr o m r e n t, 8 * 1 6 O ffic e term s, free d e liv e ry 924-5oo3 

D am aged p rice to sell, 1o*2o,12x4 

I storg. bldg, del, te rm s, 684-1236. 

D a m a g e d 
8x1 o d e liv ery 732-5171 term s, free 

F a c to ry 2nd, 8x12, 1ox1o, 1ox12 storg. bldg, del, term s 924-o32o 

M E D IT E R R A N E A N Kingsize Be droom Suite. 7piece. Can D eliver. 
$175 
S M IT H 
C O N S T R U C T IO N , 
349-4127. 

New HeniBS Moved To your lot. All paneled and p lu m b ­ ing, vinyl floor covering. 
2 bedroom , I bath. 51o,5oo 
3 bedroom . I bath, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber 
624-2256 

S -p ie c e liv in g r o o m , $ 9 9 .9 5 . 
Q ueensize bed com plete, $89.95. 
Assorted m ahogany steptables, 
$19.95. 
Fannett! furniture 
416 Dolorosa, 227-6512 

912 FUA MARKETS 

B U Y S E L L A P P R A IS E 
Best P rices P aid fo r Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TO W N & C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826-2749 36o9 B roadw ay 73S-2414 

SAN A N T O N IO 'S 
Largest Indoor 
FLEAMARKET 
E v e ry Saturday-Sundoy 
N orth W est Shopping C enter 
36oo Block Fred ericksb u rg Rd. 
B ack Side of Center 
FO R IN F O , o r R E S E R V A T IO N S 
341-7337___ _ 

Child’s Chair, Wicker 
G rabo Antiques, 2934 Austin H w y 

•FLEAMARKET* l l 
L arg est in San Antonio 
Spaces: $4 Sat, $8 Sun. 
1428 Austin Hw y 
828-1488 

ORGANS 

HAMMOND 

RODGERS 

M IR R O R R E S IL V E R IN G 
The Mirror Shoppe 
Division of Finishing Touch Inc. 
112o P arkrid g e, 349-3689 
N E W A N D O LD SHO P, 3o5 W est 
Ashby (N e a r Sac) 732-8888. M a n y I 
Oldies and Goodies. 

PIANOS 
I 
EVERETT 
I 
KAWAI 
I 
CABLE NELSON 

New From $495 
I Used From $195 

125 N. Main 224-5526 

J Wonderland.. 732-8529 I 

! North Star ..344-o248 

Oak roll top desk, $45o. G erm a n w a s h s ta n d , $275. L a r g e o a k dresser, $32S. Ail in good condi­ tion. 633-o216 

1932 Straus & Sons upright piano. 
New keys, h am m ers, pads. $75o. 
Call 822-7637. 

OPA’S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S. H a ck b e rry 

Shops and Spaces for Rent d ally, m onthly 15o2 A c ke rm a n 
Old San Antone F ro n tie r Tow n 
661-4882 656-3613 661-2153 

916-ABTS, CRAFTS, IMPORTS 

M y p las te r a rt shop w ent out of business: AH item s 6o% off. Sat l l am to 3 pm . 12515 O 'Connor Rd. 
655-oo87. 

918 - COINS t JEWELRY 

Bellview Coin Shop 
Buying and Selling 
Gold and S ilver Coins, etc. 
2o6 West Ave , 735-7131 

P o r ta b le B u ild in g s M o v e d by 
M orgon. Bonded. 653-8111.________ 

9o9 PAWNBROKERS 

Doctor s investm ent G roup is in ­ terested in buying coins, stam ps, rolls, proofs, gold, F ra n k lin M in ts , etc. Contact D r. Vogt, 736-2o79. 

One 14 c ara t gold necklace w ith I c a r a t C h a d d a m e m e r a ld ; one c a ra t of m atched blue s tar sap ­ p h ire s ; tw o c a ra ts of m a tc h e d rubies. Call 623-5o28. 

A M E R IC A N LO A N CO buv-seil-trade anything of value 
1624 E. C om m erce 

R ole* P residential for sale. C all 
349-4191, 349-1639 

A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
HAS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G assem ble and save 8x8 port. bldg, te rm s, d e liv ery 924-5oo3 

3oo b u n d le s o f v a r io u s ty p e m o u ld in g . W h ile if las ts , 53 p e r bundle. 633-26oo, 633-o34o. 
C lose o u t on 8x1 o, 1ox12 p o rt, storg. bldg, fre e del. te rm s, 
653 S IU 

D a m a g e d 12x24 g a r a g e , h e a v y duty, te rm s, fre e del. 732-5171 

I . 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO. 
W holesale - R e ta il 
"D ep e n d a b le Since 1935" 
4o7 N. Z a rzo m o rq , 432-7881 

YeSaw Pda • 
LUMBER 
Good Lum ber-G ood Lengths 
1*8 ............................................ I N L F 
2*6 ........................ .. 
. 
W ilt L F 
2*8 ..............................................26c L F 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
• 5oo Seguin Rd, 22^-3141 * 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6x8...$295 
8x1o.. .$396 
Other sizes available 
QUALITY CONSTRUCTION 
H e avy-D uty Floor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo Seguin Rd. 
226-314T 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

ESTABLISHED 19o4 
WE BUY & SELL 
D I ' M O N D S 
P L A T IN U M 
G C -D 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y * F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N O E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
226-1424 

922 - MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

B A L D W N T u ro n d T M o m ^ e T c e T cond., 69o-1394, 699 o131 a fte r 5. 

U s e d , M u s t sell 12x4o, g a r a g e heavy duty floor, del, te rm s, 
923-4346. 
___________________ 

12o bass piano accordion, beau tifu l b lu e a n d iv o r y p e a r l, 3 changes, case included. E xcellent condition. 535o F IR M . 8o6 K ayton. 
534-1577. 
______________________ 

B e a u tifu l W u r lilz e r o r g a n , 28 base, keys for rhythm , brass, ail in s tru m e n t. In c lu d in g B ell a nd 
H o w e ll c a s s e tte p la y e r p lu s r e c o r d e r , th a t w o r k s . P la y s beautifully. Recently tuned. 56oo. 
8o6 Kayton. 534-1577 

ESTATE RALE: 
NEXT WEEKEND 
A nother G enuine Liq u id atio n bv 
The 
M o ran 's, 
734-5668- 
Details 
Thursday. 

GASLIGHT ANTIQUES 
1525 MC 
C U L L O U G H 
227-48o3 
Hoosier C abinet(porcelain top) 
M a rb le Top Dresser 
F ile C a b in e t s d ra w e rs ) 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , 5o8 Dallas 

 lf you h a ve A n tiq u es , J e w e lry , 
D ia m o n d s , S t e r lin g , G o ld o r 
O riental Rugs to sell, vou’ll get the 
Best P ric e fro m S an A n to n io 's 
Finest Shop: 
Regency Antiques 

M rs. B renner, 822-544o, 342-5o7o 

922-MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

Used 12x4o fin is h ed o ffice b ld g , term s free del. 653-8111 
>91o APPLIANCES 

FURNITURE 

B E A U T IF U L Q u e e n -S iz e S o fa 
Bed, 2 m atch in g c h airs, cocktail table and end tables, $195. V elv et couch, $1oo. Love Seat $75. Chairs 
$5o. Assorted colors. C hrom e and 
G lass Tables $15. each. All Wood b e d r o o m s e ts , D in e tte s . C a n 
D e liv e r S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
349-4127. 
ASIS 
B. 
S peedw ay, 
T e rm *. 
_______________ 

‘76 Singer G olden Touch and Sew repo. L ike new. Does e verything 
Toke o v er 12 paym ents of 514 per m onth. F re e hom e tria l! 924-35o5 

Conn trom bone w ith case M odel 
88H, w ith 
F attach m ent. 
5325 
534-1966 
8 CO RO O R G A N 
635-8561 
C R IT C H E T T P IA N O CO. 

D IS P L A Y E D B u t N e v e r U s e d . 
C o m p le te H o u s e fu l F u r n it u r e . 
WHI T ra d e for E qual V alu e. A ll a r 
Some. Con D eliver. S M IT H C O N ­ 
S T R U C T IO N 3 4 9 -4 1 2 7 . 8 51 5 • 
Speedw ay, T e rm * 

 itt-namutrc 

•FLEA MARKET* 
Larg est in San Antonio 
Spaces: 54 S at; SS Sun. 
1428 Austin H w y 
828-1488 

FOR THI FAST!ST RtSUlTS 
ON A WANT AO 
THE NUMBER TO C A II 
IS 22 5-1 6 66 
EXPRESS ANO NEWS 

NO T im e L im it on R entals 
Rental P urchase Pion 
19o7 W.W oodlawn 
734-4217 
F E N D E R Bassm an 5o am p. V e n ­ tura bass guitar M ike. 344-1o65 
H am m ond A-1oo w ith 147 Leslie with Bench. Sam e keyboard and am p as B-3. M ust sell. 51,895 or reasonable ofter. 
684-2745 anytime.______________________ 
H a m m o n d 9812 M w ith L e s lie , b ra n d new , 515oo F irm . 349-5615 git. 6pm. 
IN THI EXPRESS NEWS 
CAU 325 -1 6o 6 

DACBERT’S 
ANNUAL 
SPRING SALE 

Must Replace Entire Stock of 
Thomas & Kimball Organs at '/i 
DFF—we need room for new shipment. 4o organs to choose from, 
Vi off on all models. 
PIANO SALE 
CONTINUES at 2o% Discount 

Organs and Pianos Rented 
Option To Buy. 
Shop Us Now I Saveli 
DACBERT’S 
523S Wolzem Rd. 
. 654-6661 
14oo Nogalitos 
223-6151 

Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 F redericksburg 
Hours 
9-5 
R e m o v e d fr o m o ld b o u s e in 
M O N T E V IS T A a r e a : IO solid wood in fe rio r DO O RS w ith h a rd ­ w are, 52o ea. 
7o8 Cam den 
223-8855 

T A IL E N D A N T IQ U E S 
Leaded Stained G lass Doors with m atching side panels 
H A T T IE 'S A T T IC 
M urphy Bed in Colonies N orth M a ll 

T H E 
Different Drummer 
Antiques-Accessories-Collectabies 
1o2o T O W N S E N D , 826-3764 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
To Sell your Antiques 
O N E A N D A L L 
H e re ’s the num ber fo r you to coll: 
633-26oo, 633-o34o (cosh paid ) 
J IM L IS T E R 
W e re p a ir old P um p O rgans 
E D G A ID A 'S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO. 
28o6 N .Flores 
733-1546 

922 - MUSICAL HMSTimMHITS 

S U N N a n d A L T E C e q u ip m e n t. 
M ixers, horns, speakers, m ikes, snakes, other. 344-3969 

Unredeem ed 
Music 
Instrum ents 
A m erican Loan Co., 227 8572 

924 ■ NURSERIES GARDEN 

 a Perm o Green 
F o r F r e e E s tim a te a n d L a w n 
Analysis, Call Today 
226-2387 
Discount model greenhouse, 8*12 term s, fre e d elivery 924-5oo3. 
O rganic G arden W orm s for sale by the count or pound. 696-o872. 

926 MACHINRY TOOLS 

Bridgeport 2J v a ria b le speed m ill. 
San Antonio M achine, 655-4397 
Bulldozer H D SB and 2 g ra d e rs m odel D and speed p a tro l. A ll 
Allis C halm ers. 736 1511, 498-2o9o 
C A S E 1969 58o tr a c to r -lo o d e r - backhoe, good o p e ra tin g co n d i­ tion, $65oo 
CASE 1972 58oB tra c to r-lo a d e d - backhoe, d ire c t d r iv e tra n s m is ­ sion, excellent condition, 511,25o 
C A S E 
1972 
58oB tra c to r-lo a d e r-b a c k h o e , p o w e r shuttle, torque c o n v e rte r, exc el­ lent condition, 511,5oo. 
Coil T h o m a s M c C a b e 923-4353, 
G ira rd M achinery & Supply 3428 
Roosevelt Ave San Antonio 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
S pecial This W e e k 
N e w Spinets 
$ 7 9 5 
Choose from Traditional, Italian 
Provincial, French Provincial, and 
Spanish Oak 
ODO APT Player 
Pianos. Knable Rosewood square 
Grand like new Spinet style 
Pianos like New from $495 
N E W Viscount 
Electronic O rgan s 
Sh op w ith us and Sa ve 
Low O verh ead 
NAVARRO 
PIANO CO. 
17o2 N. C O L O R A D O 
7 3 4 -6 4 6 3 

C la rk F o r k lif t , u s e d , 68oo lb. pneum atic tire , new pain t, good c o n d itio n , 4 8 " fo rk s , 12o" lift. 
$59oo 226-8271. 

D A V IS M O D E L 3oo T r e n c h e r 
5285o. in te rn a tio n a l M o d e l 3444 
T ra cto r Loader Backhoe in exc. cond. $595o 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Sieves 

Larga Selection of AnfTOU*------ 
P LA Y E R PIANOS 
E D G A ID A S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO. 
28o6 N. Flores 
733-1546 
M artin D 28 G u ita r, 5865 Sacrifice 
(or $45o Cash O nly 494-6857 

M o ssm an h a n d c ra fte d g u ita r, 
G reat 
P lains model. 
555o. 
435-3188. 

Old Violin, Good condition, 535o or best ofter. 492-9394 

O rg a n 
H a m m o n d , 
G r a n d e e 
E xcellent Cond. 344-4433. 
ORG ANS and P IA N O S R E N T E D option to buy-no tim e lim it 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
14oo N O G A LITO S 
223-6151 
5235 W A LZ E M R D - 
654-6661 

$ 3 o .o o A M o n th 
R an t* 
A BALDW IN 
P IA N O 

■ • P it Apgiliti bn Pvrcti««r' 
SIMS BALDWIN 
• 3 3 Lack h ill-S alm a Bd 
3 4 4 . 4 5 3 9 

D ITC H W IT C H , 18hp 515oo or best ofter. 681-3169. 

HIGH LIFT 
Construction rough te rra in fo rk ­ lift, large tires, 22’ lift. 
Brnubach E quipm ent, 734 1659 

In te r n a t io n a l T D 1 5 -B S e r ia l 
No.25565, L a te 7o m o d el, pow er sh ift h y d r a u lic d o z e r w ith tilt cylinder, and RO P S CAB . E x c e l­ le n t u n d e r c a r r ia g e , c o m p le te dealer m otor o v e rh a u l and new transm ission. 
522,5oo call 
512-358-1949. 

L a rg e C o m m e r c ia l S a n d b la s t cabinet, 52oo, best ofter 1-42o 2o54 

N ew M a x -T u rn I4 " x 4 o " engine lathe. 
San ntonlo 
M achine, 
655-4397. 
No. 3 Cincinnati horizontal m illing m achine. San A n to n io M a c h in e 
Com pany. 655-4397. 

O R G A N : 
W u r lit z e r 
D e lu x e 
P ro fe ss io n al m odel 43oo spinet. 
P re s e ts , c h im e s , bongo, m u lti- m otic percussion and c o uplers. 
Asking $99$. 341-6394. 

Piano, G ulbransen studio upright, 
535o. A fter 6, 734-7553 

P IA N O -R e m in g to n u p rig h t, e x ­ cellent condition. 5575. 434-275o. 

P IA N O , sp in n et. N e ed s tu n in g , 
$35o. A fte r 4pm call 654-o7o9 

School band flute, like new. W ith case $14o 492 1898 

Set of 671 G M D ie s e l tw in skid mounted with new ra d ia to rs and heavy duty g e ar box 1.77. 
671 and 471 G M D ie se l engines skid m ounted w ith transm ission o r P T O . C o n ta c t: B E C K A I N ­ 
D U S T R IA L E N G IN E S E R V IC E , 
431 M C C A M P B E L L , C O R P U S 
C H R IS T I, T X 784o8. 512-882-58o1; 
512-882-8o86. 

TD -9 D ro it F ro n te n d L o a d e r, 4 way bucket 7o% under c arriag e, asking $45oo o r w ill ta lk te rm s . 
Contact L a rry H orn, Jourdanton, 
Tx. 1-769-3836; 1-769-3653._________ 

"T E L S T A " 4o’ a e ria l bucket. Cost 
51o,ooo. F irs t 53,ooo cosh. Lobov oxles, brokes 51oo 684-38oo ______ 

IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
(XPRfSS ANO NEWS 

H O U S E M U N r- 
A 
,9oo 
L w o r e , 
(SALE DATES) 
\ 
AR RETAIL 
F a l l o n p r ic e 

M oo rG ard 
LOW LUSTRE LATEX 
HOUSE PAINT 
■ tor wood, brick. concrete 
& metal 
■ fade resistant white & colors 
■ quick drying easy latex application and cleanup 
■ lesisls blistering mildew fumes ano alkali 

Moore s" House Paint 

 e x t e r io r g l o s s f in is h 
■ lot wood siding doors trim & metal 
■ easy to apply - covers most surfaces rn one coal 
■ enam elled tor incredi­ ble durability 
■ Brilliant White plus a full line of leady mixed and 
Custom colors 

MoorGlo" 
SOFT GLOSS LATEX 
HOUSE & TRIM PAINT 
■ for wood siding & trim shingles shakes, stucco 
8 masonry 
• latex ease of application and cleanup 
• distinctive soh gloss finish finish gives long lasting protection 

% 

_ _ Kcniamiit A . 7 G re a t s a v in g s to d a y 
M o O F C /A V i / o n b e a u ty a n d p ro te c tio n 
P A IN T S I fo r y e a rs to c o m e ! 

*2.oo OFF RETAIL O N ALL 
SOLID COLOR ALKYD AN D LATEX 
EXTERIOR STAINS 

REG. 
$ to 

DOGS— PETS DCE) 

94o LIVESTOCK FFED SEEDS 
94o LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 
94o LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 

A A AKC S H IH T Z U P UPS 
M oles, Fem oles, Shots, 432-7o3o 
•A AKC A F G H A N S * 
C H A M P . Lines___________ 698-27o8 

A d o ra b le A K C P e k in g e s e P up- pies, Cb. Bloodline. 51oo. 69o-923S. 
AKC A IR D A L E T E R R IE R , fem . 9 mos. Ch P edigree 695-376o 
AKC AKITA PUPPIES 
E X C . G u o rd ____________ 1-535-4126 

AKC Black G reat D ane Puppies 
_____________ 494 2151______________ 
AK C B lk C o c k e r S p a n ie l m a le 
51oo. 
9 wks, shots, w orm ed. 
341-5o24. 

AKC Blond C ocker Spaniel Pup. 
Ch. Sired 658-5239 a tt 4. 

AKC B oxer Puppies, Show Q uali­ ty. 695-o223 atte r 6 p.m . 

A K C B r itt a n ie s 6 w k s . s h o ts , w orm ed. 674-o18o Reasonable 

SHIH TZU 

The Shih Tzu, one of the gift dogs customarily presented by Dalai Lamas of 
Tibet to Chinese Emperors, dates back to the Manchu Dynasty and is probably one of the breeds known os lion Dog England and Europe become interested in this breed around 193o, ond subsequently it became popular in the United 
Stoles in the 195o's. 

AKC B rittonv M ale, 13 mos. Good 
Blood. T ra in in g started . R eason­ able. 674-o18o. 

AKC B U F F C O C K E R S p an ie ls, 
5125. 342-o492, 494-3338. 

A KC Ch. S ire d B oston T e r r ie r fem ale pup 534 6918. 

A KC C o c k e r S p a n ie l P u p p ie s , beautiful. Fe m ale s 515o; M a le s , 
$125 C ham pogne-silver 633 2729. 

A K C C o c k e r S p a n ie l P u p p ie s , 
Blk Tan ABSCOB 655-9671 

AKC Collie, Beautiful Soble-W hite m ale, m ust go, to good hom e. 
1-438 7281. 

A KC C ollie P u p p ies , S able and 
W hite, Reg. I m a le , I fe m ale . S m o. A ll shots. 734-5374, 8 to 5 w eekdays ask for Nita. 

A K C D a lm a t ia n S tu d , E x t r a 
Large 
B reed. 
M ust 
See. 
$15o. 
826-1412. 

AKC E n g lish S p rin g e r Spaniels 
Reg 12 wks. 735 1618 

AKC English S prin ger Pups. Exc. 
C h ild 's p e t a nd h u n tin g dog. 4 wks, shots. 494-156o. 
AKC G e rm a n S h ep h erd , R eg. 9 mos. M ole. 433-5494. 

A K C G e r m a n S h e p h e rd p u p s , over 4o Cham pions and Im ports in 
M other's and fa th e r's bloodline. 
All shots and p e d ig re e p a p e rs . 
663 2741 ( I ) 

A K C 
G R E A T 
D A N E 
H A R ­ 
L E Q U IN 
P U P S , 
C R O P P E D . 
648-1263. 
AKC Irish Setter Pups 
M U ST S E L L 
• 
655-9192 
AKC Irish Setters, 3 mos. old. $75, vaccinated. 622-385o, 622 3794 

AKC Irish Terriers 
G ood w a tc h d o g s -h o u s e d o g s . 9 wks. shots. 1-755-81o3. 

AKC LA B R A D O R P U P S 
Ch Lines, vellows-blks. 826 3393 

A m e ric a n In te rn a tio n a l B o rd e r 
Collie. Reg. fem ale, I y r old, v ery special 344 27o2. 

Baby A frican Lion 
673-8372; 674-o346 
B arg ain G erm a n S hepherd P u p ­ p ie s , 
A K C 
R e g . 
P e d ig r e e s . 
224-1172; 828-4252. 

L ab P u p s A K C , 2 B e a u tifu l L it­ te rs , Y e llo w a n d B la c k , See to 
A ppreciate 492-9394. 

B e a u tifu l A m e r ic a n A la s k a n 
Spitz, 6 wks old, $6o. 433-6811 a tte r 
4pm.____________ 

Beautiful Chow Puppies 
_____________1-645-3o78______________1 
3 Beautiful G erm an Shepherds, 2 m ale, I fem ale 635-8561. 

Beautiful P urebred Cocker Span­ iel 
Puppy, 
Blonde 
6 wk fem 
333-5o23. 

L A B R A D O R R e t r ie v e r P u p s , 
AKC 
Field 
Cham pion 
Stock 
653-6o58.___________________________ 

Lhasa Apso Puppies, show quail- tv, shots, w orm ed 1-357-4575. 
M a le G e rm a n S heph erd P u p p y , 
Hove Both Parents. 656-1359. 

M in. M ole Dachshund 2 yrs. AKC 
$6o. 654-oo32.______________________ 

M IN. SCHNAUZER 
E ars Cropped, All Shots, 341-1857. 

4 mo G erm an Shepherd for sale 
633-2821 

B eautiful pu reb red G erm a n She pherd fem . pups. $35 674-8698 

B O R D E R C O L L IE P ups A R F. 
Reg. Stud Service 649-1224. 

B U L LD O G P U P P IE S 
SSO ea. 661-2552 
Chihuahuas B lack, no papers $55. 
732-2476 

C H O C O LA TE P O O D L E P UPS 
337-8726 
CHOC P O IN T S IA M E S E 
6 wks, box tra in . 432-6767. 

COON DOGS For Sale 
344-8o43 
Doberm an P in scher IO wks, has 
Shots. S9o, 654-o45o. 

E a s te r P u p p ies , A K C Tov P oo­ dles. 653-o322. 

E A S T E R S P E C IA L A K C Lh a sa 
Apsos 2 m ales, shots no w orm s 
344-8ooo. 

FO R S A LE AKC F e m a le C ollie, 
6hi yrs old. Needs room to run. 
494-6628. 

F or Sale AKC Poodles, I puppy I adult dogs. 534-9o42. 

F R E E K IT T E N S 7 w ks old, solid black. 344-2629. 

AKC Norw egian Elkhound Pups, 
Ch. B loodline. E x c . W atchdogs, shots, w orm ed. 344-171o.__________ 

AKC Pekingese, 2 fem ale I m ale, grown. 532-8239. 

AKC Poodle Puppies. C all Seguin, 
1-372-o218. 

AK C Red D oberm ans 
655-3149 

AKC R E G . B rittany Spaniel Pups, tem ple. $65. 824-3327 

A K C R e g . G e r m a n S h e p h e r d 
P ups, H ig h Q u a lity C h. B lo o d ­ lines. 922-9483. 

AKC Reg. Golden R e trie v e r Pup­ pies. 654-8727. 

AKC Reg. Pekingese F e m ale Pup 
$12o 824-3327. 

AKC Reg. S helties, females-SSO ea. 1-629-1364. 

AKC Toy Poodle pups, tiny, s ilver a n d s ilv e r b e ig e , w o r m e d , groom ed. $75 699-o353 
A K C 
W ir e 
F o x 
T e r r ie r s , c h am p io n s h ip b lo o d lin e , 2 p u p ­ pies 1-438-2275. B ulverde 
AKC Y o rkie Pups, Stud Service 
735-6851, 734 273o 

A K IT A P u p p ies , le a v in g . M u s t 
Sell. M a k e O tter. 656-1517. 

AH Bnwd Ohed. Classes 
Proceeds to the A n im a l Defense 
League. Call for inform ation 9am to 6pm. 922-44o4. 

A m e ric a n E s k im o P u p p ies , P u - rebred Reg. B a ll* of W hite F u r. 
349-62o1 or in B ulverde 1-438-2322. 

F R E E P U P P IE S 
654-136o a fte r 6 

F ree 
Puppies; to 
653-6278. good hom e. 

Old E nglish Sheepdog, fem o le 7 mos AKC Reg $175. 658-5621. 

O L D E N G . S h ee p d o g P u p p ie s 
AKC, 52oo-up. 826-5759. 

O N L Y 3! 
A m e r ic a n E s k im o 
(Spitz) 
Puppies 
691-1948; 
699-3575. 

P E K IN G E S E B e a u tifu l A K C 
Pups, $85 up. Cash 732-6618. 
P erfec t (or E as te r W hite Poodle 
Puppies. 924-4oo7. 

Poodle, 5 mos old Reg. F e m ale , 
Black, has shots SSO. 494-1456. 
Poodle Puppies for sale. 
648-184o 

Poodles 
822-9291 

P O O D L E S 545-up 
Seguin___________________1-379-oo12 

Puppies Fo r Sale: ’ 2 Norw egian 
Elkhound, Va L a b rad o r R e trie v e r. 
$2o. 344-7o3o. 

Puppies Vs l a b ' z Irish S etter. JIO 
494-2o7/ 494-2176 

Reg irish Setter Pups. 333-6442, if no answ er coll a tte r 5pm 
R eg. Tov Poodles $75. U n -R eg . 
Tov Poodles $4o 649-2821 
•S A C R IF IC E * 
F e m a le 
A fg h a n , 
E x c . s h o w record. Best O tter. 1-249-3177 

34 G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p p ie s 
S2o-S25. 923-55o7 
G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p p ie s , 6 wks, Blk-Brow n $25 ea 492-2672. 

Siam ese and H im olayans, 8 wks 
$2o-53o. 135 Division. 923-6273. 

S IA M E S E k i t t e n s , Lovely A f­ fectionate C FA , 494-2965. 

G erm an Shepherd Pups, weaned, also parent dogs P apers 733-8456 

GERMAN SHEPHERDS 
F o r the D iscrim in atin g B uyer. 2 
Quality AKC Pups (7 m os) I m ate 
I fem . $15o. We d e liv e r for your inspection. Coil Collect 1-438-7227 
Eves. 

3 G erm an Shepherd puppies, AKC 
Reg available 341-2349 
G olden R e trie v e r P uppies SlOO 
AKC. D avid Doran 1-775-6759. 

G REAT DANES 
Cham pion sired I 755 4696 

G R E A T E A S T E R G IF T ! D arlin g black p a rt lab puppy, $5 824 791/ 
H a lf-G erm an Shepherd Puppies, m oles SIS, fem ales $1o. 658 233o a tt 5 ond wknds. 
H im a la y an K ittens, Blue Points. 
Blue and Black H ybrids. I Adult 
A ll shots. S a tis fa c tio n g u a r a n ­ teed 658-4912 
IR IS H 
S E T T E R 
C L U B 
O B E D IE N C E A N D C O N F O R M A ­ 
T IO N CLASSES. S ta rt 7 p.m . Tues 
19 A p ril in B ra k e n rid g e P a r k . 
Registration 12 ond I * A p ril J p.m . 
635-8346. 

S IA M E S E k itte n s . 6 w ks 
M ale and fem ale. 344-6225. 

S T A F F O R D S H IR E T E R R IE R S 
822 7666; 824-8324 
Staffordshire T errier Pups 
AKC Reg. Ch. Bloodline, D am and 
Sire by Ch. Ruffians H a rp e r. SISO to 
$3oo. 
Coll 
Roberr 
Sm ith 
732-2288. 

St B e r n a r d Puppies G reat E a s te r 
Gifts, P u re Breed No Papers $75. 
922-5225. 

Toy Poodle Puppies, A pricot S1oo, 
Silver $75, AKC 661-296o. 

Unusual P eek-A -P oo pup, m a le , 
$6o. Call 824-3327. 

W A N T AN AKC DOG? 
S.A. Dog B reeders R e fe rra l S er­ vice w ill put you in touch w ith a n e a r b y r e p u ta b le b r e e d e r . 
494-7787, 673-46o3 

W ho lesale Closeout G re a t D ane 
Puppies. Black or Blue, M id-size 
Dogs, full grow n dogs. Up to $25o 
Off 1-438-2492. 
3 yr old M a le Pet Raccoon. I p.m . to 8 p.m . 494-3oo2. 

TH I AC TIO N N U M B IR 
TOR I AST RI SUITS 
P l A C I YOUR W A N T AO 
IN THI IX P R IS S N I WS 

926 WmmWEBY TOOLS 

Used Diesel gasoline and natural qos engines, running or no! run nmg or parts for same Contact- 
BECKA IN D U S T R IA L EN G INE 
SERVICE, 43! MC CA M PBE LL, 
C O RPUS C H R IS T I, TX 784o8 
517 882-58o1; 517-887-8o84 
______ i *18'' Norton Surface Grinder, 
Also S"Rodt*ve!l Hor itontoi steel 
Bond Saw. 349-299o, 349-1o49. 

932 AUCTION SALE 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977 

AUCTION 

P E R S IA N R U G S 
And Other Oriental Rugs 
SHERATON MOTOR INN 
14oo Austin Hwy 
San Antonio, Texas 
Mon , April ll, 8PM 
Viewing at 7PM 
A proneer: Joseph Sefardy Lie. 
N d N JG S -77-oS 28; S ponsor: 
Universal G allery 19J G ardner 
Rd Fairfield NJ; Terms: Cash or check. 

E f t 
Sell It or Find It In 
T h e E X P R E S S N t : v v ‘ 

TO PUCE YOUR AD CAIL Ms. MOOSE 21*5-1666 
«m) llVKTO CK-FKfrSEEDS 
94o LIVESTOCK mum 

KEY TO GREA TER SALES 
Grover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx. 
TXGC-77-o1S4 
S A. Office: 11o31 Wye D r i v e H 
Allen Howell (512) 656-113o 

938 POULTRY RABBITS BEES 
C H IC K E N & P O U L T R Y SWAP 
M E E T O P E N A G A IN . Laying 
Hens Si.5o ea 626-2174. 

A -H A L E T R A IL E R S 
' 
Horse Stock arid Gooseneck 
New and Used; tor Sole or Rent 
Also feed Barrets with Lids 
SLIMP OIL CO. Oft IM 37 
533-51 St 
6o4 
Carolina nites 
_________ 344-7215____________ 

Appaloosa gelding, 14 hands. 4 years, showey, spirited, exp er­ ienced rid er. S375 F irm . eves. weekends 1-379-7888_____________ 
1973 A Q H A Bay G e ld in g , i i 
Hands. Gentle, well broke, good steer roping prospect. 1-232-S426. 
AQh a Stud Service, Top Welder by Turfs Best, Out of Daughter of 
For S ale! Baby T u rk e y s and 
Sugar Bars 649 7732 
Chickens. Coll 648 993o 
_______ 
We buy and sell Easter Bunnies, 
Ducklings and Colored Chicks. 
735-6851; 734-273o. 
SELL 
With tax rebates now in most homes, it's the perfect tim e to fin d a cash buyer for those golf clubs you no longer use! 

And it's easy! Just call us today and we'll put your low-cost ad in print. 

For extra cash, sell those golf clubs . . . now! 

C a ll 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

AQHA 3 yr Chestnut Stallion, Bv 
AAA Sire, Race or Performance, 
Very Pretty, Never Started. Also 
7 new Western soddies and I Blk 
Parade Eves. 649-2298. 
ARABIAN M ARE 
Bay 4 yr old, S3QoO, terms availa­ ble. 658-5564. 
Baby C alves $3o-55o 
G rass 
Calves $6o-$IIO. 922-8449 
Barrel Mare, Exc. disposition, no bad habits, also Ig. roping saddle. 
635 8561. 

$ 9 2 7 . 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
I -772-3634 622-93oo 
Lytle 

C H AR O L AIS BU LLS , C o m m er­ cial and full French, $4oo-up, Club 
Calves. M aple Springs Ranch. 
698-2349; 512-589-7791 weekends. 

•Coasts! Bermuda* 
Sprigging and custom work, olso chisel plowing and hay bailing. 
1-742-8415 Schumacher Bros. 

A UNIQUE PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
RANCH FENCING— A NEW CONCEPT 

* Reduce fence material, casts from 515oo (and up) per mile down to 
S35o to S4So a mile! 
* Drastically reduce labor costs! 
* Reduce fence line maintenance to practically cero! 
* Better management of livestock — cattle, sheep, goofs, horses, hogs! 
* Coyote ond predator control! 
* A tenting system thot uses smooth, high tensile wire, fiberglass posts and modern electronics is changing the fence industry. th A m eting will be held in Pearsall and Laredo ta fully explain this new concept in permanent farm ond ranch fencing. This presentation will 4 outline construction details, types of materials used, including posts, wire, new generation electronic energisers, wire stretchers ond costs 
* lf you ore interested in reducing fencing costs ond lobar by 5o%- 
8o%, better control of livestock, plus coyote ond predators control, you should attend this meeting. 
* DEALERS INTERESTED IN THIS NEW FENCING CONCEPT SHOULD ALSO AT­ 
TENT Territories ore now being opened on a county basis (in some oreos mufti-county). We ore selecting individuals or companies who desire to either start a new business or expand their present business into o substontiol new market. 
* Inflation has increased fencing cost substantially. The SNELL SYSTEMS concept puts fencing costs back down to a practical workable level. 
* For full details, offend the meeting 
T im e : 7 :o o p .m . 
O o*e: M o n d a y A p r il l l 
P la ce : S e c u rity S ta te B a n k , P e a rs a ll, T e xa s 
D a te : W e d n e s d a y , A p r il 13 
P la ce : C ivic C e n te r, 2 4 o o San B e rn a rd o , L a re d o , T e xa s 
SNELL SYSTEMS, INC. 
1 o 9 1 o WYE ORIVE 
SA N A N T O N IO , TX 7 8 2 1 7 
5 1 2 - 6 7 5 - 1 1 4 o 

 r 
A, Bonk* F a rm ond Ranch 
Fencing. 
Free 
Estimates. 
4QQ-9SSo 
__________ 
:Reg. App. stud service, SSO High 
IV colored. 698-2o9o ofter 6. 
Reg Polled Hereford ooirs $45o 
Bulls S37S up. K raft Potted He- refords, 1-625-1918 1-379 4478 ___ 
Saddle for sale 

942 Fan 

USED to FT. DISC Harrow USED 
Massey Ferguson 35 Diesel $25oo 
E W A L D FO R D T R A C T O R S , 
IH IO, 
Hwy 
46, 
Seguin, 
Tx. 
. 1-379-4591_________________ _____ 
Windrower and Baler for sale 
623-8225 

 f A N N O U N C E M E N T S ) p 
F 
) 

11o SPECIAL " O M S 
1 1 9 -S P F M J O 

699-oo63 
SPRING SPECIAL 
31 j Penta Pos! 
..................... SI.59 
S’ j x 8 Corner Pos! ........... $1.99 
12’ i ga. import Barb .,...$ 1 5 .9 5 
42' Twist Stays, per C — $15.95 
3 V 
PVC Pipe per C .......... $8.5o 
B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
3143 S. E. M ilitary Dr. 333-6o41 

1o6 PERSONALS 

FOR HELP with on unwed preg nancy, call Edna Gladney Home. 
Ft. Worth, TX 1-8oo-792-11o4 
Generous salary to com patible young lady to live with affluent e xe cu tive couple in b e a u tifu l large home We req u ire on ot- 
... 
' 
T 
S tractive versatile girl for evening 
Stables in Castle Hills. Excellent cotT,ponionship, dining, and some tra v e l, etc 
M ay com bine own career and life style with new fashionable way of living Call 
349-6751 after 6pm weekdays, all day weekends 

 riding oreos. $2o m o. 342-2649. 
SW EET SUDAN, Heavily m iner­ alized, Bright, Never wet, good bales $1.6o I 643-48o$; 732-8327. 
Tw o H o n e s , I Bay M a re . I 
Palomino Gelding, M ake O ffer, 
8-3 696-o81o, atter 3 684-77o4 
Will geode, break, and put a rein on your colts Also Roping Horse for sale. 696-2147 aft 6.___________ 

I want to Thank those who said prayers for me. The grace of the 
Lord Jesus Christ be with you. 
FLORENCE. 

4 yr old block Q u a rte r horse, gentle, 
$4oo, ond tack, 
$3oo. 
696-385o______________ _ 
5 Yr. old Quarter horse gelding. with saddle, $45o. or make otter. 
494 624o 

R O B E R T E H A L L JR . Or R I­ 
C H A R D L H A L L , p lease call 
ROBERT E HALL, 817-516-51o9 or 
817-699-3821. 

2 Big beautiful horses! 1-3vr red J 
Appaloosa stud $6oo or bes! offer. I 
I white A rabian gelding $35o. 
734 3243, 736-1316, 736-18o3. 
Breed Your M ore to the G reat 
Palomino Stallion M r Perfection. 
Saddle bred, Frank M cC laran , 
826-2349; 824-5o63. 
2 BULLS AND 7o COWS, many with calves. Assume lease on 8oo acre ranch, near Loop 16o4 West of S.A. IQS Acres of field, 6o acres irrigated. BAM to 4PM, 349-356o, ofter 7PM 494-3619. 

CORRUGATED IRON 
$18.95 per sa. 
FLOWERS LBR CO 
2567 Goliad 
333-6171 
I Cow Pr $265, Springer Cow $25o. 
Angus Bull $375 922-8449 

Custom hand made saddles, over 
5o used saddles in stock. 
Hundreds of 1st ond 2nd line boots. B and W Boot ond Tack, 4o5 
S. Guadalupe St, Sun Marcos, Tx. 
1-392-4676. 
Custom made saddle, never used. 
Must sacifice. $45o. 656-1784 
BYROM'S FE E D STORE 
Hybrid Sudan $16 CWT 
924 1o41 

FELPS HORSE, STOCK 
ANO GOOSENECK TR AILER S 
Sales, S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , and 
Trailer Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
! (S. W W White Rd.) 333-1611. 

Felps 14' Open Stock $927. 
HARRIS W ESTERN CENTER 
622-93oo 
Lytle 
1-772-3634 
FINAL CLOSEOUT! 13 pure An­ gus bult, heifers, cows, calves, tra ile r, troughs, $27oo. Behind 
Timber Tech Corp. in Cibolo __ 
FOR SALE REG OTR. HORSES, 
Devine, Tx. 1-663-4751 
________ 

From Any Anole 
Sturdy Structures are the coolest, 
I most colorful, economical farm , ranch bldgs.? 494-3318. 
I Good Young B lack Cow -Baby 
Heifer Colt. Can deliver. 734-532o 
HAY BARN 2ox4o, 12 ft w alls, disassembled, delivered 
$18oo. 
649-1299.________________________ 
HAY Delivered 
1-685-3361, 1-997-3767 

Macdona Auction Sale 
Every Sot. 12 Noon, Caffle, sheep. goats, horses. 12 mi. S.W. S A 
Form Rd. 2173, Macdona, Tx. 

M C C O L L U M R O D E O BO O S­ 
TERS OPEN HORSE SHOW, Sat. 
Apr. 9, Books open IO a.m. Show begins 12 noon $2oo hi point, horse I rider. 923-8125, 923-5113. 

No. I Fertitiied Coastal Bermuda 
Hay $1.75 per bale In barn. Suth­ erland Springs 25 bales minimum. 
226 o141, 826-6o27 
N u bian M ilk G oats, Doe ond 
Buck, 2 mos. old. 1-42o-28o8, 
PAINT HORSE STUD SERVICE, 
Big 3 yr old Stallion o ffe rin g lim ite d s e rv ic e this S p rin g . 
Placed 1st at S A. and Houston 
Livestock Shows 1977 533-3871; 
649 1566; 648-3471. 

5 yr old Sorrel gelding has been exposed to barrels ond poles. For exp. rider, bul well m annered. 
$35o 1-569-4793. 

942 • Farm Equipment Supplies 

Bids accepted until Tues., April 
12th at 2 p.m. on: INTN 'L. HAR- 
VESTOR tractor model 4o4 and 
FLAIL mower. 
824-7539, 
M r. 
Hogan 
D E M O N S T R A T O R 
D IE S E L 
TRACTOR SALE: 7o hp $65oo; 57 hp $5 5 oo , 3o hp $35oo. DODGEN 

1o7 B O W S PERSONALS 

A NEW MASSAGE LOCATION outside city, open 7 days 'til 2am. 
Prof. masseuses. 1223o IH35 N. between O’Conner 8. Judson Rds 
E A R L Y B IR D S P E C IA L M A S ­ 
SAGE Given by Miss 36 22 36. 
IO 3o to 
4pm,PARIS 
RUBB, 
492-2994________________________ 
E n larg e your c irc le ot single friends join , SU B U R B A N SIN ­ 
GLE DATING SERVICE. W rite; 
8451 Michelle Way San Antonio, 
Tx 78239________________________ 
Ever have a switch m assage? 
Call Miss 36-22-35 for more info. 
492-2994 

EQ UIPM EN T CO.. 8223 S. Presa, f 
^ ADY, , E, s£?,Tl Si r ! ic# 
53 2.4 U 1 
734 8253 or 732-3361. T okovo 
House, 4218 Blanco. 
___ 

ACKERMAN’S BOW ­ 
HAY FLOWERS 
We W ire Flowers 
7 o2 E. Drexel 
5 32 4 5 4 7 

AIDA CREATIONS 
Flowers W ire d N a tio n 
W ide-C ity W ide 
4 6 o o Blanco 
3 4 4 -7 o 1 4 

GERFERS FLO RIST 
Don 8 Morcjoret Chris trHes 
"The Finest (-towers for Every 
Occasion!" 
Green & Blooming Wants- 
Terroriums-Fruit Baskets 
2oo7 Pleasanton 
922-12o1 
City Wide Servile 

HUGH’S FLORIST 
4 Locations To Serve You 
Colonies North Mall 
Volley Hi Mall 
Randolph Plaza 
McCreless Mall 

696 4341 
673 3873 
658 7o66 
532-3295 

CENTRAL PARK FLOWER CART 
Flowers Made o f Wood Shavings look Feel & Smell Real! 
For All Occasions I Moiled 
Anywhere 
131 Central Pork Shopping Center 
3 4 2 6 4 4 / 

HELEN’S FLOWER SHOP 
Serving SJL. Southside Area 
Most Reasonable Prices For Cash & 
Corry 
2217 Commettiol 
924 464o 

MENGER FLOWER SHOP 
MENGER HOTEL 
C ity W id e D elivery 
Master Charge & BonkAmencard 

2o4 Alamo Pfoza 
227 6391 

 eight N Ford Tractor, very good condition, also used equpt, 
635 8469 
FO R D F a rm T ra c to r in good cond., new tires. $125o. 621-2251. 

P A IR S , COWS A N D GRASS 
CALVES. 648 1 931; 648-31oo 
FORD TRACTORS 
8N and 9N with new and used im ­ plements. 378o S. Flores. 
Pure Swiss Milk Cnw 
___________ 1-742 3283___________ 
PURINA HORSE CHOW SALE 
Sat. A p ril 16, 8 a .m . - 6 p m. 
Welch's 
Feed, 
Converse. 
Tx. 
66 1 4o13. 

9 It Die H a rro w , 3 pl hookup. heavy duty. 432-262o atter 5. 

FREE 

WATERBEDS 

EXOTIC 

MASSAGES 

GOOSE NECK TRAILER 
8x2o' F la tb e d , tandem axels, 
$1,6oo . 681-27o1 
'75 Heston P T -IO $3ooo, and Gy­ ro - 84 Service Shreader $1795. 
69o-9o2o, or 1-379-3o78. 

Given bv the Foxiest Girls in San 
.«-> oitoiiiroC1 n tD O n m iO 
Antonio Best place to Relax and 
I U / - BUSINESS PtndUNALS unwind. “ Feel Better Fast". Out- ■ 
.......11 n m side City Limits. Open 1o .3o am lo i 
4am. Big Discounts! North Side. 
PARIS RUBB, 492 2994 

1o8-LOST ANO FOUND 

; 1o8 LOS! HNP FOUND 

Red and ru s t 2 y r old m a le 
D O B E R M A N lost in vicin ity Of 
I 15oo black of Son Angelo lo Dobte 
$75 REW ARD! 149-5373 344-5777 

REWARD * 
FOR NORW EGIAN ELKHO UN D 
N A M ED 
P E R K Y ” . A 9 yr old spayed female with Minot. North 
Dakota rabies togs 656-3521 
SIDO R E W AR D tor recovery of 
G e fie n T ru m p e t. S e ria l N O . 
SKS7118, Lost M orch 26th Con­ vention 
Center 
Area. 
(817) 
838-oo24 
_ 
R E W A R D ! Lost 4 m onth ago, black and white temole Cot White face Near Colfax (overfull Wood- 
! lawn area). Please Call 344-4o13 with info. 
Reward Lost solid black female 
Great Dane, Rittim on Rd area, 
826 7854 or 822 3869________ 
. 

IID SPECIAL NOTICES 

 r 
BLOOD 
^DONATIONS? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICES OF 
SAN ANTONIO 
N O W 
OPEN 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM C IR . 
Men.-Tri IHM AJA-4:oo PJI. 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
S PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

PRESTIGIOUS O FFIC E SPACE 
'n growing N W sector. Reasona­ ble rotes. Greater S.A. Butlers 
Assoc 
8925 N.W. IH-1o. 694 38oo__________ 
Almost Free Transportation 
To St. Louis, Cincinnati, H a rris­ burg Pa ond New Orlean*. And 
Other points. 224-2221. 
DAY and NIGHTS seats for Pa rode. 8oo block Broadway Palm 
Heights PONY Baseball 227 46o? 

. . 
& QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
IF LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 
2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
ET THERE FIRST! 
I 

HESTON P T IO Windrower. ex­ cellent condition. $2795 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
______ 533-5145. 739 Sieves________ 
9 3HP Meyers pump, like new 
25o' of 3' pipe ond rods, cylinder 
484-2485_________________________ 
IHC Double disc grain d rill, 18 drop, good condition, 
$8oo. 
1-42o-279o.________ ______________ 
International Diesel Form Troc- tor w ith tro n te n d lo ad er and equip. $$55oo. 484-o395; 538-2o19. 
4o1o 4o2o JOHN DEER E 

G E T L IS A 'S F A M O U S LE G 
MASSAGE. 
PARIS 
RUBB, 
492-2994 

HAPPY HOUR 

SPECIAL 

Diesel, 534-671! 

928 -MERCHANDISE MART 

Air conditioner, 6,ooo BTU Philco, excel cond $7o 822-5484__________ 
Almost new Frigidoire heavy du­ ty washer ana dryer. 684-9o14. 
Am ateur Rodio Collins KW M -t 
$285; new Simpson Model 26o 
VOM $75 822 3996 
Amplifier, ‘71 Fender Twin with 
JB L-D 12o s p e a k e rs , $375. 
I aquarium. 826-6644 
Appliances and Furniture, Beau­ tiful Sofa, Oak Antique Warbrobe 
Double Bed, $35. Twin Bed $3o, 
Wood Dinette Set $49, Chest $39, 
Stove $55, Much More. 17o5 West 
Ave, 732-6595, 1o-4pm. 
A P P L IA N C E S 
A N D 
M IS C ! 
Matching coppertone re frig e ra ­ tor freezer, elec range, washer, dryer Owner’s manuals. All for 
$57 f.o r sell s e p a ra te ly . 8o y 's bicycle, 24” , $25. Small g uitar, 
STO. Spanish style desk, $5o. AH good condition. 732-6124 a fte r 
6 3opm. 
Anytime 
Saturday or 
Sunday. 
Apt. stove. $35. 5 gallon aquarium, 
$12. 534-3o53. 
AQUARIUMS-5S gal fresh water, complete; (2) 29 gal. salt-woter, complete. 654-o429 
A vocado re frig e r a to r , 
$75, 
Queensizebed $75, Twin Bed, $45. 
Day couch $45, 18‘ Zenith Color 
TV 165. 349-o82o._________________ 
Avocado w asher-dryer combina- , lion, excellent condition, $14o, will (- d e liv e r; 2 la rg e liv in g room lamps. 635-8561. 

WOOD PALLETS: 

4 4 x 3 3 ” , 4 w a y w o o d p a lle ts 

 in fa ir to g o o d co n d itio n . 

SOC in lots of 25 or more. 

M a y b e seen at: 

4 2 2 LEAL STREET 

 or call; 

2 2 3 -6 8 7 7 For Inform ation 

Bankruptcy Sale 
Office Furniture - Businefs Machines and Office Supplies from 
RIVERSIDE COIN BANKRUPTCY 
★ Buy Bel o w D ealer Cost ★ 
MOST IN NEW CONDITION 
Also Thousands of Dollars of Jewelry and musical instruments at substantial savings. 
See It Ail A t 
THOMSON’S Pawn & Jewelry 
31o6 Fredericksburg Rd. 
★ D ealer Inquiries W elcom e ★ 

JOHN D E E R E 2o1o, excellen t I condition, 45HP, 1-583-7862______ 
NEW 3o hp. Diesel T ra c t ors 
$495o 
Haufler 
Equipment 
927-7581 ________________________ 

NEW 6o HP Massey Ferguson 
Tractor $875o NEW Bi HP Mas­ sey Ferguson T ra c to r $11,99o. 
Massey Ferguson Spring Fever 
Sale 
D IETZ TRACTOR CO. 
522 IH-1o. Seguin 
658-1288 

Most Massages V* Price! 4pm to 
1opm PARIS RUBB, 492 2994 

L IF E C Y C L E S -H e o rd abo ut them? 226-84o4 to find out!_______ 
MAGIC SPECIAL >j price mas­ sage. 734-8253. 34^9 Blanco Magic 
Massage________________________ 
MASSAGES 
736-o411 

$ 1 o . 
MASSAGE SALE! 

SAT. SUN. 
Given by the Sexiest Girls In Tex­ as. only one to a C u sto m er*. 
Happening, PARIS RUBB, where else! Info. Call 492-2994. Stotts 
1o:3oam, end* 
4:ooqm-4:ooom-4:ooom__________ 
M A S S E U S E 
W A N T E D . 
$2oo -53oo. Weekly. Experienced not n ec essary. 732-3361. 4218 

Singles 18-8o Yrs Doling 
By Matchmaker Inc 
1259 Jackson Keller Suite 2o5 
Executive Center 344 ills 
S P R IN G S P E C IA L ! 
P ric e j661 6244 
Massage Free Souna and Whirl­ pool. 732-3361 Tokovo House, 4218 
1 Blanco. 
_____________________ 
, The Best Massages in Town Are 
At Pompeii Massage,-Now with 
I Kitty, Chris, Dale, Melanic, Wan­ da and Sara 1138 Basse 735 515o 
18-8o YEARS i 
ESCORTS-ALL OCCASIONS 
Be one or have one 
344-1115 344-1125 

LOST: female red-brown mixed breed dog, tried size Answers to 
•Little Bit." REW ARD* 736-1423 iLO S T:fem ele B rittany Spaniel, white-orange. 
Kirby area. 

Lost Fri. fem. Irish Setter, Collie 
Hills Reward 344-967o 
LOST Golden Retriever, female, 
6 mos, On Campbelton Rd. Named 
‘Tatty’. Rewrd 626 2122._________ 

F IE S T A 
P A R A D E 
T IC K E T S 
5oo Blk Brdwv Front TV camera 
736-1973_____________________ __ 

1o8 LOST AND FOUND 

AWOL since 29 March, *77, young, b la c k , flu ffy fe m a le puppy in v ic in ity of W oodbin A p is or 
Huebner Rd LARGE REW ARD! 
Call 69o-8758 NOW! 
LOST: Airedale, black and tan, 9 yr old female named ‘‘Bobs". ID tag w ith Baton Rouge, La ad dress. Vicinity of Starcrest, Tues­ day. REW ARD! 657-2367 

Lost: g ra y b lack poo dle, 
B ran dy, no tags. IH3S and R it­ timon Rd area. 653-5743_______ __ 

9N Ford tractor, new tires, good 

 j condition. 922-o683.______________ i Nice Minneapolis Tracto r, first 
$6oo. 633-26oo, 633-o34o__________ 
ROCK P IC K E R , hydraulic con- 
' I™* Hft. 23o1 Noggings, 534-6711 
S T E E L B U IL D IN G S , 
F o rm , 
Ranch Equip. Hay and Horse 
Barns. Pipe Pen*. 337-6931 days 
I or nlles.____________ ___________ 

T H E T O R G E R S O N CO- 
739 Sieves 
533-5145 

Blanca. Tokoyo House.__________ 
M T 
O L Y M P U S S P E C IA L ! >i 
Price massage. Free Whirlpool. 
Ask tor Donna. Escort available. 
I 349-8971 1935 LaManda 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
Price, Shop, Compare Still fea­ tu rin g 1977 M assag es a t 1973 
Prices! Come meet our Beautiful 
New “Mechanics". 492-2oo1 

LOST: area Lockhill-Selma ond 
NW M ilitary, G erm an Shepard pup, black-tan, ‘Princes*'. GEN 
EROUS 
REWARD offered 
4 92-2o49______________________________ 
L O S T ; Block and tan m ale 
Doberman named “ Duke" in E 
Locust- SAC vicinty. Has togs, 
$35o reward 735-8778____________ 
LO S T: 
Blue eyed m ole 
D a lm a tia n -$ 5 o R E W A R D - No 
Questions asked. 
656 33o7; 
652-3o42 

FOB RENT 
Hourly or doily Auditorium ond 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location, great for music, clubs, p a rtie s , w edding re c e p tio n s , m eetin g s at a ll kin d s 
C a ll 
344-4539 
N ear M irth Star ond 
LOST Gold Zodiac charm at Holy Central Park Moll. 
Spirit Catholic Church. Rew ard For Sole gold card membership 
: tor return. 342-2242.______________no Thousand Oaks Country Club. 
17oo or m a k e o tte r 
484 5975_______ 

FREE HAIRSTYLING 
YOUNG M EN ANO W OM EN 
Maylin the Barbers wit! be giving 
‘tre e h a irs ty lin g to m en and 
I women on Tuesday, April 12 at 7 pm a l 792o Fredericksburg Rd 
No Phone coils please__________ 
' jiffy Press Instant Printing 
A full service print shop near you 
16o6 McCullough 6211 Son Pedro 
17o1 SW M ilitary Dr 
42o9 Fredericksburg Rd 
226 E Rhapsody at Son Pedro i LOVE is having a beautiful wife hike LISA GARCIA, for your very own Easter Bunny! I LOVE YOU 
DAVID 
__________ _ 

LOST 
G reat Dane, black I yr, temole Turtle Creek 699-o447 
LOST in C oncord S a u are apt area, big black Persian cat with white face and chest. REW ARD! 
684-6443 
__________ 

LOST in vicinity ot G evers ond 
New B ra u n fe ls , G ra y fe m a le 
S chnauzer dog. A n s w e r* to 
'S is s y . C h ild 's pet 
L ib e ra l 
REWAROI 533-o522 

LO ST: la rg e red bone hound, 
I T a lly and 
P o rtra n c o a re a . 
REW ARD. $25. Call 695-8283 or 
824-o444 ext 363 
LOST mole pet SKUNK, lots of f,lev^ fl Tick 

R o om m ate needed apartment? 344-1516 s h a re 

LOST: Cat, male, smokey white with ring tail. Between Incarnate w a rd and 
C o u n try 
C lub. 
REW ARD! 826-6768 or 822-7758 

 white, vicinity Pecan Valiev and 
S 
New 
Braunfels, lf seen, 
| 333-5o94.________________________ 
LO ST: m ale S ib e ria n H u sky, black- white, NE areo. REW ARD! 
; 656-7473_________________________ 
LOST: toy Pekingese, male, It. brown, Vicinity of W French and 
N Sabinas. 'Chico'. REW ARD! 
I 735 3327 
___________________ __ 

 els. Al Chavis 656-7962 

•PARADE SEATS* 
HOO Blk, Brdwy at Jones, in front of O R Mitchell Dodge 4th Blk of 
Parade* All proceeds go to sup port Boy Scout Troop 264 
For 
Reservations coll 655-o478._______ 

LOST: Doberman puppy female, red and ru st, e a rs in ra c k . 
REW ARD! 655-7617 day or night 

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
__ J 
•PARADE SEATS* 
LOST 
Valley Hi area, Apr. 3, Bottle Flowers 
Flambeau, West- medium-sized part Beagle dog. U 'o * zee Blk 
B rdw v. F ro n t of 
White with brown markings, RAF I superior Pontiac Benefit, Scout ye! tog No o311. Named "Sam'. Troop S. 225 1222 
1oam to 4pm 
Reward ottered. 674-1484. 
Mon-Frt. 494-2583 att 4pm 

Beautiful Avocado frost-free re ­ frig., ice maker, must see to ap- predate $175 9o2 Rayburn_______ 
!4 bed, $45. Full bed spread, $2o, electric counter top range, $25. 
333-8)3o 
Bed; Kingsize, Extra Firm Spinal 
P edic, S till P a ckag ed (w o rth 
$48o) Complete $178. Including 
Delivery. Usually Home 684-8234. 
Bedroom , living room , dining room , oil 5 m onths old. $2oo. 
E q u ity , toke up p a y m e n t* of 
$53.ta. Balance $14oo. 69o-8846 atter 4:3o. 
Bedroom sets, couch, din ette, twin beds, re frig e ra to r, stove, cotfee-end tables, French Provin­ cial sofa, dresser, 333-6958 
Bedroom set, sofa, chair, full size mattress, boxsoring. 654-6725 
4 Bicycles, good condition, $2o to 
$35. 681-2675 
BOY'S IO speed $45. Amana white re frig e ra to r $1oo. W ant sm all 
Honda, electric stove. 828-8667. 
CB bose station. PACE iooob 
SSS. S iltrom x m odel 9o V F O . 
Penetrator »•« ground plane an- tenna. Ed 684-1153 
CB base stalion. "PACE 1oooB 
S S S . Sittronix mode! 9o V F O . 
Penetrator Ji ground plane an­ tenna. Ed 684-1153 

Changeable Letter sign 
On permanent pole, illuminated 
New Cost $22oo. Sacrifice for $995. 
Move, personalize and install, an­ ywhere in city for small extra cost. C o m m ercial E q u ip m en t 
Lea sing Co. 223-5525_____________ 
Charbroil Bor-B-Que grill, motor, 
$65. Misc. Sprinklers. IOO Tam ­ worth Or. 
Clean, running, Fridigarie white, good cond. $45 494-5378__________ 
Cocktail table, solid mople, round 
433-3838 
_____ _ 
Colored TV, 25” Zenith console. 
Excellent Cond. SISO. 923-1761 
Color TV, Ambassador, 17" pot table with stond $15o. 224-7142 
Color TV 25“ console, $165, Beau tiful. 824-2844. 
_ _ _ 
COLOR TV, Excellent condition 
$115,922-4225. 
_____ 
Color TV, good working condition 
$225. 342-7844. 
__________ _ 
Color TV, Magnavox 21" console 
Wood cabinet $3oo. 224-7142_____ 
Color TV 19" Portable excellent cond $135. 924-545o.__________ 
Community silverplated set sec vice for 8, new, 56o. Exercycle new c o n d itio n , 
55o. 
G e ig e r counter, never used, $5o. 735-8o39 
Component System with Pioneer 
6161 Cassette deck. Asking $4oo. 
435-4285 anytime___________ 
Console stereo, 8-track AM -FM 
Like new, a steal, $125. 433-3234. 
2 Coppertone refrigerators, stove washer, all for $4oo. 432-2433. 
Couch, alm ost new, b e a u tifu l m odern spring plaid, $185. No 
Dealers. 674-oo36. 
____ _ 

Electric Stove 3o‘ good conditon. 
$75. 826-827o. 
Electrophonic C irc u itry la rg e stereo, $25o Black vinyl recliner, 
$6o. 2 Rocking choirs, $15. and 
$35. 736-o686. 
E S T A T E S A L E : S A T U R D A Y 
O N L Y ! Io a m -2 p m M a rv m o n t 
Area 655-3261. 
E x tra F irm O rthopedic Queen 
Size Mattress, Box Springs, and 
Frame. $75. Still in Orginal Pack­ age. Can D eliver. Sm ith Const ruction 8515 8 Speedway. 
_____ 
Fender Music Master, Base with 
Hord 
Case, 
Good cond. 
$1oo 
923-6631. 
F irm lin e belt m a s s a g e r $3o. 
Swing set needs seats 
7.5o. 
695-3433. 

M ap le tw in bed, box s p rin g - mattress $5o, twin matress- box springs $3o 1-42o-26o2 
Matching Antique Table, and 6 
! High Back Chairs, Sideboard, and j China Cabinet, 342-5772. 
I 5 motes chairs, dark wood, $4i 
I Silver tea set, 525. 684-3364. 
Men s Catseve, approxim ately 3 carats mounted in 14 carat gold, 
$85o. Atter 6 or wkends, 684-4:81 
2 metal patio door sets, 7' 2' wide by 6' high, $5o. I trip le wood framed patio door for 16' opening. 
$115. 732-4247 or 822-1526_________ 
M icro wave oven, M ontgom ery 
W ards. Used ve ry little , $2oo. 
433-496o after 3pm 

 sears portable dishwasher, ex- i celient condition. $9o. 653-888o 
' qfter s Pm- 
Sewing m achine, E tna Super, perfect cond., $45o. 49o-9488. 
! Sliding glass door, 6x8, $5o. Burg­ lar bars tor sliding door, SHO, 
D ra p e s C o rn ice b o a rd , $35. 
T ra v e rs e rod, $5. Rug sham - pooer, $15. 674-2952 otter 4. 
Sofa Bed E xcellent Cond. $25o. 
337-8253 att 6pm. 

French Provincial Living Room 
Set, 
Buffet, 
IO speed bike, 
734-3497. 
French P ro v in cial Couch and 
Chair, Like New, $25o. 453-o835. 
F re n c h P ro v in c ia l sofa and chairs. Colonial plaid Kerculon sofa, chairs, tables, lamps. 
494-3325. 
Furniture-Appliances Jewelry 
All Application* approved with required down payment. Coll Im ­ perial Furn. 222-2227. 416 Brody. 
F u rn itu re : bed ro o m su ite , 2 chairs, chest of drawers, vanity table. 648-o874 atter 6pm. 
_ 
GARAGE SALE Sat. 12 to 5, earlier! 
48o7 
Cambray 
Callaghan. 

No off 

GARAGE SALE: F ri, Sat, Sun. 
5834 Deon M a rtin , N ear UTSA 
Medical Center. 
G A R A G E SA LE 
F u rn itu re , 
Clothes, Household, Etc. 34o H ar­ mon 824-8369. 
_______________ 
Gas stove, double oven, clock, tim er, new condition. $175. No checks. 434-7627. _________ _ 
G eneral E le c tric b uilt-in dish­ washer, green. 496-9581 
GE portable dishwasher. Used 2% ye a rs . 
L ike n ew . 736-1981 ; 
735-o18o , 684-6861. 
_ 

M irror, 48"long, 3o" wide. Malibu front seat. 733-o54o _____________ 
M O D E L .63 W in ch ester, $175; 
Model 1892 .22 cal. WRF, $175 
924-o6o5.________________________ 
Modern black fur sofa, ioveseat, ottoman, best offer, after 
4, 
492-1686._____________________ 
Moving: must sell all furniture, very cheap. 433-o991, 8-6. 
Moving Must Sell! Living Room, dining room, stereo, etc. 653-1656 
M UST SELL piano, $35o. Beau tiful love seat and choir, $15o. 
Coffee and end tables, $15 ca. 
Lamps, $35. Custom drapes, $25 eo. King bed spread ond others, 
SIO MORE! 654-48o9_______ 
Newly upholstered overstuffed sofa and chair, hall tree, duchess dressing table, gun case. Atter 6, 
453-7153____________ 
Old Refrigerator, good for garage 
$2o. 2 girl's Bikes with baskets. 
$2o eo. Mediterranean Style 25“ 
Motorola Quasar Console Color 
' TV, perfect cond. $2oo. 654 oo32. 
Old treadle Singer sewing ma- j chine, good cond. $1oo, like new boby hi chair $2o 684-8157 
I Old white mountain woouen ice box. Table top m arble. W icker rocker. Trunks. Misc. 492-1898 
Old W u rtlitz e r 145o Ju k eb o x, ploys 78's ond 45'S 684-7493______ 
Organic Garden Worms, tor sole 

 i Sofa sleeper, aueen size, leather, 
: cinnamon shade, bv C alifo rn ia design Forum, $1ooo 828-4919 
2 Spanish chairs with hand corv- ing, like new. 673-4974_________ 
Spanish style sofa and chair, $1o(1. 
923 5695.________________________ 
Sprague Carleton, maple buffet ond hutch, 56" wide by 72" high 
: $26o. Matching 6o' round table 
| with 2 extension leaves, 5 side 
I chairs, I captuin's ch a ir, $175. 
732-4247 or 822-1526._____________ 

I 76 staff irons, ayn.-s used 6 mo, very good shope. 496-5129________ 
, Stereo Console, Capehart, 8-trock 
I tape, phono, A M -FM radio New. 
$175. 655-2825 atter 5pm._______ __ 
I Story' and Clark Grand Piono in 
'beautiful condition. Recently res- 
| trung. $18oo. 344 7868.___________ 
T E E N B EDR O O M S U IT E with waterbed and frame, dresser and m irro r, desk and c h a ir, beds­ pread and drapes. Like new. $225. 
Call atter 5pm 654-14o9_______ _ _ 

O a ra g e 
S a le : 
T h u rs -S o t, 
9:3o-5 3o. L a d y 's , c h ild re n 's clothing, toys, appliances, misc. 
7818 Rustic Forrest, Camelot ll 
GARAGE SALE 
6 Miles North of j C a s tro v ille On FM Road 471. 
I loam to 5pm Fri-Sot-Sun. Crystal, 
D ishes, 
Books, 
G olf C lubs, 
IC am eras, S ilv e r Tea S ervice, j Picture Frames, Odds and Ends. 
{G A R A G E S A L E : G re en Sofa 
$1oo, Zig Zag Sewing Machine $5o, other misc. items, 5534 Castle 
Way. 
G ARAG E SA LE: 6o6 Richfield- 
(Windcrest) Saturday Only. Used 
; stove, sink, dishwasher, etc. and m!«ce!!cnee**s household items. 
GARAGE SALE 59o3 Gabor, Fri- 
Sat. Double bed, desk, dresser, new AM cor radio and speakers, boby items, OTHER ITEM S! 
M O V IN G SA LE: R e frig e ra to r- 
Freezer, $1oo; roll away bed, $1o; baby crib, $35; playpen. $1o; sofa, 
$5o; books, clothing, misc., olso gas dryer, needs belt only, $15. 
239 RADIANCE_________________ 
O ld co lle cto rs gloss, A p ril 9, 
9-Spm, 84o3 Delphain in Olympia, 
Universal City, TX._____________ 
TROPICAL PLANT SALE 4 Old 
English Sheep Dogs. AH day Sa­ turday 211 E Mistletoe. 734-2135 
YARD SA LE: 419 Agnes, 2 family 
F ri-S al. dinette set, 1947 ency- I ciopedia. clothes, misc. turn, lots lot odds and ends, books ; everything must go._____________ 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEW S_____ ____________ 
HHEmriCE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 225-1666 

934 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 

ADDITIONS 

Reliable Carpenters, room addi­ tion, roofs, concrete w ork, a c ­ o u s tic a l ce ilin g , re a s o n a b le . 
Free Estimates, 432-3632, att 6 
436-oo97 

C A R P E T S A L E S & 
S E R V IC E 
F O U N D A T IO N S 
IN C O M E T A X 
S E R V IC E 
R O O F IN G 

Childcare in my home. Day or night. 
Registered and exp. 
736-299o 
•FOUNDATION 

Good Babysitter, needs full time, in my home, 826-8478 

REMODELING 
C O M PLETE FINA NCING 
FR EE ESTIM ATES 

C S S LUMBER 
4447 ROOSEVELT 
________924-8556, 924-8557 
Room Additions, patio roofs and! 
1 Cabinet work. Free Est. 653-6655 oft 4 

Licensed child care in my home 
Mon-Fri, 7om-6pm 923-5644 
R e g is te re d C h ild c a re , in my home, 
Camelot-M, 
Glen 
Area 

D E L IV E R Y S E R V IC E 

D E LIV E R Y SERVICE 
Riche 
653-6142 

O IR T -S A N D -G R A V E L 
F IL L - T O P S O IL 

A S P H A L T 

Ten Two-way M otorola Mobile 
Business Radios, 4 Transistor, 4 
Tube type. One Base Statio n. 
Three saxmeyer newsoapaer ty­ ing m achines by n o n -d e a le r. 
337-3657 
M o n d a y -F rid a v 
9-3 69S-8o39 Saturday and Sunday ond olso evenings.____________ 
T homos Organ, all transistor with 
2 keyboards, excellent cond. 35o. 
342-77o6. 
Troller utility, heavy duty, 4x9, 
$325 655-2438.__________ _______ 
2 Trunks, round top antiques, I child's, I standard. 923-o5S8 
T V Portable, 19", B W, Working 
Good. $35 OO. 433-o63o 

YARD SALE: Fri-Sat, 9am 7pm. 
146 Oak Valley Dr. (Valley Hi) 

Der raid field strength m eter. I frequency meter ond AMO parts. | by the count or pound. 496-o8.2 
696-o439 
______ 

TW IN BED AND FRAM E 
$4o 225-1421 
2 twin bed mattresses, firm , like new, $25 each; one 6' Avocado 
Philco refrigerator with freezer comportment, $15o. 658-6681. 

93o - MERCHANDISE WANTED 

Antiques, Appliances, Furniture 
WE PAY MORE 

 j Estates, Anything of value... from one piece to houseful. Call: 
342-4755 Anytime_______Est. 1949 
Buying late model refrigerators, i freezers needing repair. 341-1865. 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, Trade, Repair 
I 5322 SAN PEDRO 
828-2327 
CASH tor your Used Piano 
224-7111 or 224-11o2 
DIAMONDS 
Williams, 227-87o2, 15o E.Houston 

A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 

SPECIALIST* 
All Types of Foundation repairs. 
Low prices, High Quality work. 
Call Anytime 
ABC 
CONST. 
333-4814 

H O U S E L E V E L IN G 
THE IRISHM AN 
3o YEARS E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: Never take the first price! 
333-9o51 or 
734-7511 

SLAB SPECIALIST 
2oYrs. Exp. City wide Service 
____________ 674-oo) I_____________ 

2o Y r s . L e v e lin g E x d . 
WE W ILL SAVE YOU M ONEY 
734-43o8 333-2989 

G A R D E N IN G 

CUSTO M G A R D E N P L O W IN G 
ANO TILLIN G . CALL 924-2117. 

WAUSON S 
Complete Tax Service 
Business and P e rs o n a l. R I ­ 
CHARD E WAUSON 19 yrs, same , neighborhood. A.A.BS and M.E. degrees 
Tox-Busintss Consultant 
33^S159^^31^JNast|^^^3jL7M4 

L A N D S C A P IN G 

R e sid en tial L an d scap in g and 
Yard Service, Free Est 341 4472 
WE HA VE P L E N T Y OF L IV E 
OAK 
T R E E S 
FOR 
SA LE 
I 875-9o28 or I 392-5361 

C lark's Roofing 
Free Est 824-1532. 
Rem odeling. 

L A W N C A R E 

AAA G rade Law n and garden 
■■ 

... . . . . . . . . : dirt, 7 day delly DUGI TR UC K' 
Specializing rn Asphalt and Con j in c CO. 337-424o Anytime $17 5o crete Drives, 681-o874 Anytime! and Up_________________________ 
AAA Grade lawn and garden dirt, 
7 day delly. D U GI T R U C K IN G 
CO. 337-424o anytime $17.5o and 
H i ......................................................................... 
..................................... a . Barron. AH types dirf-sand- 

 fo un da*t ions? asphaH. ‘ " u t ” .a r t L * * Z r 
H A U L IN G & M O V IN G 
534-166o. 

D irt-G rovel Spreading and gen- eral yord c art. Coll 494 17o4 
Plant grass, fertilize yards, cut 

L O T C L E A R IN G 
& C L E A N IN G 

Small tro cto r, custom mowing, lots, acreage 824-3813, 826 7652 
A l F E R T IL IZ E D VE G E TA B LE 
F A R M TO P S O IL , D E L IV E R Y 
Cement Construction Redwood AVAILABLE 684-1873 d e s ig n p a tio s , s id e w a lk s , driveways, oil types of Hat work 
Have troll win travel, 534-8873 
AH types dirt-sand-gravel. J day delivery, jacob 532-191o. 
All types dirt, sand, gravel. Jim 
Longford Northside, 342-244o 
C o n c re te -A s p h a lt, 
P a tio s , drivew ays, reasonable prices. 
Free Estimates 927-5727 Steve 
B E L G IA N G A R D E N T O P S O IL 
C O N C R E T E , 
P a tio s , w a lk s , » 
« 
» 
°' »? « " d’,op SOil drives, addition at winter prices. mnt, QP5. 
. , 433, ° . 

G irl’s clothing, sizes 12 ond 14. 
Hordly worn. 655-18o8___________ 
GO CA RT. Hom e-m ade, 5 hor- sepower. SIPP tirm. Coll: 4S8-2o37. 
G OLF CLUBS, excellent condi­ tion. Spalding elite irons, $9o. 
MacGregor woods. $35. 69o-9242 
Golf Club* 1977 Ram Accubars 
Irons plus 2 wedges and 4 woods, 
684-5o44. 
_________ ___ 
Greenhouse Plant Sole! 
Seedlings, Small plants 
Hanging Baskets 
4o2 Tonoo Dr. Harmony Hills 
Gun rack with draw er, $1o E x ­ e c ra te bicycle $15. Underwood typew riter 52o Antique w icker bed-servicing troy $25. 494-2o27 
H am m ond 
O rg an keyboard, drawbar. 
655-29o5 
_____ 

 dou ble 
Fruitwood 

Heavy Duty Coppertone D rye r, 
$1oo. 337-88o2. 
_ 

Couch and L o v eseat, G re en 
Floral Good Condition. Recliner 
Needs 
Upholstery 
Best 
Otter. 
681-3983. 
________ 
Couch, 2 chairs, recliner, stereo, race car set 653-2998. 
_________ 
Couch, coffee table, 
661-4714 misc. items. 

Hey G ra n d p a ! S m a ll R id in g 
Mower, For Small Boy $8o. 438 
Orchard. 
____________________ 
Hollywood single bed, Sealy mat­ tress and box springs, alm ost new, 69o-o476, atter 6PM.________ 
S'?hp Boihens M elcher m ower 
$185. 824-3198 ofter 5 pm.________ 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
Oak, Wolnut, M etal. Executive 
Secretory, Student • large setec lion. $69.5o ond u p. Also Good 

I8hp Engine Electric Start Call 
681-3169. 
_______________ _ 
2o' International 1o-sp , like new, car rack, $65. 432-58o5___________ 
K enm ore portable dishw asher 
J H 
I with wooded counter top, $5o *« selection of F IL E C A B IN E T S . | mattress springs, $3o. 696 4663. 
1131 Basse Rd., 733-7367, 734 3o81 
DESKS! 3o student desks, excel- tent cond. $6 ea 924-1138 923-494o 
D iam ond , one h alf c o ro t, top I white in color, $35o. After 6 or a ll! day weekends, 684-4181 
Dinette table, 5 chairs $3o. Tap pan elec. oven $3o 656-4223 
Dining room table. Like new $139. j 
No choirs. 828-1122 oft 5 
: 
D ining room set with 6 swivel chairs, chippendale secretory, j refrigerator, twin or bunk beds, | coffee end tables, maple dinette hutch, bedroom suite, metoi w ar­ drobe, lazy boy, mahogany china cab inet, velvet c h a ir, duncan phyfe couch. 648-2692______ _ 

K IR B Y vacuum w ith u tto ch merits Shampooer 77 model. New 
$419, take $27o. Consider trade. 
Atter 6 pm 696-9555. 

K IR B Y vacuum Reproc. $94.87 
Bal. due. Sears Kenm ore with power mate, 3 mos. old, Cost $229. 
A Steal at $75,653-2121. 

Corge old bear trap, $125, old oxen yoke complete with bows, 
$125. See al 5636 S Flores_______ 
Large Plywood Boxes, 4 x6 x7* 
SIO ea. 
Central Moving A Storage 
________ 15oo N Loop R d_________ 
Large solo table', "large modern painting, $1oo both 684 7493 

Organ Lowry, 2 key boards, foot pedals, drums, $1,6oo 696-5o63 
P o lio sliding door i'S ' x i r '. 
Excellent cond. 653-7868 att 4 
Peavy PA System, with 2 cabinet speakers, $85o. Must Sell 434-489o 
P ic n ic T a b le s , New 6 'x 3 o '', benches attached, never used, I 
$29.95 delivered. 337-3949.________ 
P in b all, baseball,' tukebox tor sole 653-4363.___________________ 
Portable dishwasher with chop- ping block top. 342-4875 ofter 5pm 
Portable Patient Lift with sling. 
Perfect for hoisting invalids from bed to chair, etc. Was 536o, Now 
$165. 653-2766, 6S3-o46o 
_________ 
Portacrib, $3o. Bassinet, *2o Both brand new 6S6-7492 ofter 4. 
Potted Plants, Hanging Baskets, 
Large Variety, 826-4136._________ 
Queen m attress set, $75, patio table- 4 chairs $9o 494-6236_______ 
Queen size bed ond fram e, new condition, $tQo 655-178o.__________ 
Queen size sofa bed combo with matching chair, block vinyl, ex- cellent 684-1322_________________ 
RCA am plifier receiver, 8-track tape player, sp e llers, 
*95. 
826 793o.________________________ 
R ecently re up h o lstered h id e ­ away bed $139.5o. I Spanish style love seat in red velvet. 226-3991 

R E C O N D IT IO N E D 
T V 'S : 
Consoles, Portables. Color and 
B lack-W hite, color as low as, 
*129 95, B W, $29.95. *5o down, as low as $1o a wk GEORGE'S TV and APPL. 241$ H arry Wurzbach, 
828 13o6. 

Free Estimates. Frank 333-196o 
C O N C R E T E 
S M A L L 
OR 
Dirt-Top sorl-Sond-Gravel-Loam 
Ray Hendrix. Delivered 341-2449 

Reduced dam 12x32 14x4o, cot­ tages, terms, free del. 732-5171 

UN ITED F R E IG H T SALES 
No. t 
...................... 1o4 E LAMAR 
No. 2 ... 1o41o PE R R IN B E IT E L 
Fine Furniture - Fraction of retail 
Upright freezer, frost-tree, never needs cleaning. $235. 698-25o2 or 
698-2548________________________ 
Used Office Furniture 
Desk*, c h a ir*, typ ew riters, ad­ ding machines. More! 349-2674 
USED REFRIG ERATO RS 
CENTRAL SERVICE CO. 
7o7 WEST AVE., 734-4237 
WALK IN COOLER 8 x 8. 826-2664 or 824 7 9 o 3 ___________________ 
W ANT TO BUY WW I Germ an 
Spiked Helmets. Coll 927-7518. 
Waterbed. 4-post fram e, deluxe mattress, $299 Earth base guitar cbinet, new, $225. 734-5665_______ 
Westinghouse Upright Frost Free 
Freezer, 17.1 cu ft Harvest Gold, 
$25o or Best O fte r. 333-6241 between 8-4 3o pm weekdays 
. Wheel chair, good condition, S)i- 
11o7 Filch »_____________________ 
While vanity and stool, mattress box springs ond fram e. Kitchen table Choirs ond stools. 674-7715. 
6 x4’ Chino cobinet, mahogany, 3 glass shelves plus storage. 
923-o558_______________________ _ 
18 x4' round sw im m in g pool, needs new liner and few pump filter ports. $15o. 679-729o. 
4x8 *»" slate. 3 mos old, perfect condition 927-S535. 
169 yards celery green plush car 
Pet, original cost $1o.95, sacrifice 
*4.5o yd. 349-3163; 732-8723 after 
■Mg______________ 
Zenith Color TV. Good condition. 
$15o. Call; 69o 88o1. 

Garden Tractor with implement*. 
Weed eater. 658-2889. 

I’LL BUY ANYTHING 
THAT DOESN'T E AT! 11 
CALL JIM LISTER 
633 26oo or 633-o34o 
M ark 5 Shopsmith bandsaw and other accessories. 341-28o1 otter 
_ 
TOP CASH P A ID for your old newspaper and corrugated. AAB- 
CO Paper Stock. BIS Ceralvo. 
434-o681. i 
W A N T E D 
Color TV needing 
I repair. 
Must be reasonable, i 927-76o4. 
W A N T E D 
Round Box Springs and M attress, Reasonable, AH j day Sat and Sun atter 5 on week- doys. 494-5896 __________________ 
W ANTED: Sturdy wooden choirs 
______ 494-2o58 otter nom _______ 
W A N T E D 
Used 38 -4o' Von 
Troller, Slide Axles, Swing Open . 
Rear Door, Side Door. 226-8271 ask for Mike. 

L A R G E ! D riv e w a y s , p a tio s , Good topsoil d e lly . 8am -3pm sidewalks. FR E E ES TIM A TE S ! 434-4524 
Even and weekend* 
735-13o4 732-7413.________________ 684 5o62_____________________ _ 
CONCRETE WORK, Asphalt, and 
LOADING TOPSOIL roofing. Free Est. 337-621 )_____________________ 628-1199____________ 
S p e c ia lizin g in c o n c re te , Protect the Beauty of your lawn, 

COLLEGE STU D E N T, 2 yrs ex­ perience reaso nable, free es- timotes. Lance 696-4495_________ l8Ft. Truck with driver for local m oving or d e liv e ry , days and evenings. 628 1385._______________ 
HAULING AND DU M PIN G 
Hove 2 11 ton trucks. 533-1142 
Hauling and moving with pickup truck 673-566>._________________ 
Hauling, moving and tree trim - 
| ming, have l ’'i ton truck, 673-516o 
LIGHT AND HEAVY HAULING 
Reas 534-3722 or 533 1142 

IL D E W R E M O V IN G 

•HOUSEWASHIMG • 
341-2918 

N O T A R Y P U B L IC 

IS YRS. Exp. on Composition or 
Grave! Reef. R A M IR EZ, 342-781o 

SEWING ALTERATIONS 
•TAILORING 

D ressm akin g and a lte ra tio n s done reasonably. 533-7537 
D R E S S M A K IN G , M rs" th o m lT son, 333 5395 or 333-o528 
E xperien ced Seom stress, For men ond la d y * Alterations. Also dress making. 
822-9418 
Mr. 
Sonchez 

SEWING MACHINE 
REPAIR S-SERVICE 

G u o ran teed Y tp o Ir Service All 
Makes Free in shop estimate* 
3521 West Ave., 344-9671 

SHEETROCK 

Taping F lo a tin g Textone and 
Acoustical. Reasonable, 534-ooo8 

CONTRACTOR 

KENIS K Y C O N T R A C T O R 
Tope, Float, Textone 
Spray, Acoustical 
For estimate* call 922-9684 

LIG H T HA U LIN G . 
225-3o22, 227-9817. 
Reasonable. 

 driveways, patios, walks, founda bons, etc. 
Free 
Estimates 
681 o874 

TRY ME! 
Low prices-High Quality concrete 
: work Call M r Concrete, Se habla 
I Espanol. 223-5667, 223-5115. 

Rich Top 
: 5pm. 
Soil, 733-o91o 8am to 

Sand, G ra v e l, Top so il, 5 to 7 yards Call 432-51o2______________ 
Top so il, G ra v e l. 
D e liv e re d 
Spread, NW and NE, 434-11o4 

AIR CONDITIO NING 

Convert your present cent, heat­ ing system lo v e e r round c o m f o r t with a high efficiency 1o.3, E E R. odd on air cond. unit. Financing available. 
Call for 
Estimates 
533 2263 

C A R PE N TR Y 

Red Velvet sofa-chair, 4 heavy wooden bar stools, 4-gold hanging lamps and misc 656-69o7 
R efrigerator ond Stove, clean, need repair. Misc. items. 227-5547. 
Riding lawnm ower, 4hp Wards, exceiienl cond Sloe 3 49-o96! 
R IDING MOWER, good condition. 
$24o. 
Boerne,Texas 
AC 
512-336-2388 

929 SAUAGE SALES 

BIG YARD SALE! April 7-8-9!'3 
Fam . Furn., appliances, misc. galore 3727 Portsmouth 333-4S36. 
Dresser, bed, bookcase, tables, [ 4)6 Dolorosa chairs, china cobmet, tea cart, winding v ic tro ia , E T C . 254 So 
Weidner Rd. Thurs-Sat. 7am-6pm. 
655-226o 

W ont 
K e n m o re 
W h irlp o o l washers needing repairs. 
224-9662._____________ 
' 
WANT TOsBUY old gasoline and oil advertisin g, old signs, gas pumps, globes, etc 654-6879_____ 
We buy Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques Glassware etc 

BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
653-3714 anytime, 655-4634 eves. 
JOHN & ROWLAND BARNES 
Licensed and Bonded Buyers 

WE BUY REFRIGERATORS 
REGULAR CONDITION 73$ 8733 
WE PAY CASH 
For Good Used Furniture 

FAWCETT FURNITURE 
227 65)2 

TOP SOIL, SAND, GRAVEL 
922-1355, Spt-Sun. 
TOPSOIL, SANDv LOAM SAND 
W ILL D E LIV E R 923-7426 
Topsoil Sl8-Sou!hside 
628-1199 

EXCAVATION 
SERVICE 

L IG H T 
H A U L IN G D is c a rd s , brush 923-5567 
____________ 
LIGHT HAULING AND MOVING 
I piece or house full 
Oov or Nite 
APT MOVING SPEC IA LITY 
656-57o5 
L ig h t M o vin g . D ay or N ig h t. 
T ra s h H a u lin g 
S c ra p m e ta l hauled owoy free. 923-4411 

MOVING? 
Call 659-1179 

THE BEST MOVING CO. 

Title work 
Col) Off 6pm 657 o476 

PAINTING, P A PE R IN G 
PLASTERING 

A G arcia Painting C ontractor. 
Free Est Int.-Ex) 73AT846. 
GERHARDTS 533 7149 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
Paintm g-P ooering, Sheetrock, 
Window Glass, Repairs, Budget 
Terms. 1612 S. Hackberry_______ 
Pointing and repairs. Lie-Bonded. 
All work Guaranteed 675-o219 

TREE SERVICE 

FuTTTrYm TfTcM ur^TeTs- ^ T e 
Estimates. JESSIE 
432-7758 or 
437 8 o 7 6 ______________________ 
Trees cut and trim m e d . F re e 
Estimates. 534 3278 or 333-6652 
TREES, 
H E D G E D 
Cut-Trtm-Haul 
DAVIS 732-1613 FOLKS 696 oo96 
Trees Trimmed, Topped, Remove 
Stumps, Hauling 224-12 3 2________ 
Tree trimming and removal Joe, 
732-5817; after 6pm 34 1 3498 

TV REPAIRS - RENTALS 

PAINTING 

R ifle scope fo r night v a rm in t 
Garage Sale: April 7-8, 1oo1 an­ tiuating $75, no dealers 674-oo36 

Dishwasher, S e a r s portable, good 
Lowr,m ow er *35, bicycle *1o, condition. $45. 224-7142 misc. Hep m arket items. 684-9o58. 
Dishwasher, Lady Kenmore still 
Living room suite, rug, vanity, under service warranty, Copper- : ior<>e m irror 657-3372 ofter 6pm lone, portable 653-o669------ 
_— : Lovely I coral diamond solitaire, 
D rexel Italian Provincial table 
Atter 4 or wheniiS; 684-4181. * 

 x i i 8rttfn n * ratif'nmI*$25o°*Entirc , 2-man in fla t,hie sailb o at w ith se? 5 7 ^ Coll fffier 5 pm 836^oo98 pump. ISO. 679-729o 

Ross 8 Track stereo, almost new, 
HOO; 2 lamps; 4 awful choirs for refinishing. 655-o565._________ 
24 Round swimming pool, above ground, complete $3oo 653-5536 
Royal Portable typew riter with carrying case Excellent condl- tion. $75 658-2811_________________ 
RUGER Block Hawk, 3o Cai. witn case. Call 696-2351. 

 ique item s, at 5815 G rass Hill 
Seneca Estates, oft Bandera Rd 
Do not miss this sale, lf you desire olmost New items at old prices 
GARAGE SALE 
42o2 King Krest off Coliseum and Green Valley, 
Tues-Sat. 
Everything nice and cheap__________________________ 
G arage Sale; W ed-Sun, 2-6pm daily. Lots of unusual things. Gun case, Gerard turntable, clothes, etc- 928 Contour Or. 826-9311. 

We Pay More Cash 

For That Good Piano 
Thot you are not using. Please call Mr. Leon at 223-6151. _ _ _ _ _ _ 
Great cAmetfcan bargain 
WANT ADS! 

A C a rp en ter: In Need of Jobs from roofing to Foundations. No 
Job Too S m all! F re e E st. All 
Work Guaranteed 927-5o24 
All types carpentry work 
Also rooting, p aintin g, satisfa ctio n : guaranteed. No Job Too Small. 

I 

CARPET SALES & 
SERVICE 

A I W IL L S T E A M CL 6 AN or shampoo, tty -din. room $22.5o, 
9x12 loose rugs SIO 5o . 227-1986 or 
225-83o3 
Joannes c a rp e t in s ta lla tio n , repairs, cleaning, shampooing, free est. 
224-8983, 
684-1467; 
225-7833. 
: 
U N ITED CARPET SERVICE. 

? 
I 
CERAMICS & 
CERAM IC TILE 

T ILE YOUR WALLS over the tub with ceram ic tile. S', labor and materiot-1189 SO Also plum bing brick work 734-54)2, 924-7511 

BABYSITTING 
CHILDCARE 

B a b ysittin g in my hom e, any hours. 
Any age, 
References, 
435-3186_________________________ 
Childcare bv RN, her home, NW 
Area, near UTSA USAA. 696-429o 
Childcare in my home, Southside 
923-61oo 

GREER CONST. CO. 
Site Preparation, Land Clearing and other G eneral E xcavatio n 
Work 
JO 45o C Track Loader, 
Backhoe and R ip p e r, D um p 
Truck 828-4648 att. S, 8-5 Mon-Frl 
826 1411. 

FENCING 

Fencing, barbed w ire P rivacy cedar. Any type 534-5344 337 4334 
F R E E Fence E stim ates 
Both wood and chain link FARM ER 'S 
FENCE CO 622 9511 or 673-4337 
R 
A 
Benke F a rm and Ranch 
Fencing. 
Free 
Estimates 

FIRE & BBQ WOOD 

Mesquite Oak WOOD 
$2$, pickup lo a d ; ISS c o rd , delivered 673-8252 

FOUNDATIONS 

AA 
FO UNDATIO N 
SPEICA LIST* 

You Don’t Hove to pay more to get the Best. Call Anytime! 
824-2171 

Beers dragging? 

Wats Cracking? tee foundation rope 
All types yrs. e x p e rie n c e guaranteed. 
Call 
534-411o 

 airs. 3o 
A ll w ork 
Anytime 

HOME IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T EN A N C E 

C o ll G ory A c kerso n for Im provements, Remodeling, finish ond framing work 344-5949______ 
Complete Line Home R epairs 
New, Old, Large or Small Job* 
Prices you con Afford, 654 o266 
Improve the oppearonce ot your home, eliminate painting, provide extra Insulation. National Com pony. Coll for Free 
Estimates 
533 2263_________________________ 
Joe M endez P o in te r, toping floater, paper hanger, texture. 
Free Estimates 435 2778_________ 
Need 
Hom e 
Im p ro yem en ts-R ep o irs? C all 
Greg Free Estimates 653-4117 
STONE MASON- Brick Layer Al so 
Chimney work 
927 $659, 
924-4184 

INTERIOR DECORATOR 

! F R E E I 
Your First Consultation 
I am an Interior Decorator and designer, I am hilly qualified for oil aspects of interior decorating, tor resid en tial or c o m m ercial pro p e rties. In clu d in g w indow treatments, periods of furniture and etc. All assignments treated with that personal touch Please call me, Mrs. Dorothy Napier. 
654-6134 

INCOME TAX 
SERVICE 

Short Form Only SIO. All dov Sat 
And Easter Sunday afternoon 
Weekdays oft. 6pm. Cell 657-o476 

Arthur Painting Contractor, tnt- 
Ext., Acoustic ceilings, 435-1348, 
Free Estimates._________________ 
P A IN TIN G CO NTRA CTO R, Int 
Ext General Repair* Estimates. 
Gilbert Perkins, 922 14o5________ 
P A IN T IN G . G e n e ra l R e p a irs , 
FREE 
Estimates. 
Bill Sullivan 
653-97o8 
Painting, interior-exterior, acous­ tics ond te x tu rin g . F re e est. 
224-8983, 684 1467, 225-7833 
P aneling, S h eetro ck, T op ing , 
Floating Accoustic painting At reasonable prices 656-4475 
PEREZ A SONS P A IN TIN G In lerior, exterior. 
Free 
Est. 
433 o941.________________________ 
Saint s Paints. Int Ext. Pointing 
Gen Repair. 654-o477 Free Est. 

PLUM BING 

T'M osteT'Tlum ber^Repai^M jnd rem o d elin g 
C a ll 
R ic h a rd , 
732 5616 or43S-6669.______________ 
DO YOU N E ED A PLUMBER? 
Reliable Bonded 8244)791 
P LUM BER , Reasonable, instal­ lation. 
FR EE 
Est. 
A 
Gordo 

R EM O D ELIN G 

Additions, P aneling. F o rm ica cabinet work. Free Est 736-oooo 
Honest Carpentry Work Quality with value. Free Estimates Ken 
McMullen 655-o63o_____________ 
5 AND T CO Custom Remodeling with designer service 
824-7688, 
8384794. 

ROOFING 

C T h r o o f in g (to We Jo Uke lob right the first h.ne New roof*. root repairs ot oil types. Free est. 
655-1o39. 

Service on old mokes and models. 
Free Estimates 7 days a week. 
Work Guaranteed 923-3285. 

YARD WORK 

X ^ M o w in g ^ d g in g , Trimm ing, 
Flower Beds, Fertilizing, Lands­ caping 
At reasonable prices. 
656-4475______________________ 
College Student d esires yord work. Northside only. Coll Bob evenings. 732-174o 
C o m m ercial, R e sid en tial Lots deaning, hauling, trees trimmed 
923-1315. 
COMPLETE Yord Work. Remove 
Trees Free Estimates 734 3735 
Cutting, Edging, f rimming, Cleon 
Up , Im m aculate work NS area 
Only! 34 1 o 3 o 5 
________ 
Landscaping work 
Grass 
726 1569 

All Kinds yard- piontlng-Hauling 

Lawns, Cul-Trim m ed Vacuumed 
Coll anytime, 533-9635. 
Trees, Lawns! Hedges. Trimmed and H ous'd R easo n ab le 532 o74? 
We Do AH Types of Yordwork 
Tree Trim m ing or Ltte-Hauling 
633 o426, 635-8696 
_____ 
C U T'fl'N d'!" 
W E E D acreages 656-o527 
Lots 

Wrecker Service 

B u y T l d T T r ^ ^ n T 'w l ^ f ^ T ^ 
SERVICE, call Richard, 337-657o 

TP'Great 
CjimeiTean 
^Ba 
‘WANT ADS! 

S X P *lE S S 4W fV f M W U K BO NUS A D S *'2 lines 
.M ERCHANDISE M A R T ADS ONLY- 
A days e l 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANC SHAMI 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
(P A IS 9 * 2 * ONLY) 225-1666] 
QUICK RESULTS! J 

4 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

We are accepting applications for our soon-to-open Walzem 
Road Office. Extensive in-house training program. 
For con­ fidential interview call 
Ned 
Telshaw at 494-7651 

 llo s o u r& k S m * . 

 i m g t c i n i M n g i 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Saturday April 9 ',977 
BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 
C.B. RADIO 
SERVICE MANAGER 
PRESTIGE A UTOMOBILE 
POSITION 
We have an opening on our new car sales team for a man of proven successful sales ability. Automobile experience preferred. 
A rare opportunity for the man wanting a permanent position, with the largest 
Chrysler 
Products 
Dealer in the 
Southwest. W hy not be with the best. For the man that rpialifics we will pay a salary, top commission. A new car furnished at no charge and all know n fringe benefits. 

CA LL ED LAMM OR 
H.A. GARNER 
FO R APPO INTM ENT 
824-6331 
O.R. MITCHELL 
CHRYSLER-PLYMOI ITH 
28oo BROADWAY (Across From 

Brackenridge Park.) 

P A R A O E S E A T S 
W W D eliver 
223-1762 
P A R A O E T I C K E T S ! HOO b lk 
B r po aw ay >2.3o per it a l 494-5219 

ScfesttflcProtessinnal 
D A T IN G S E R V IC E 
M otthm ofctr Inc. 344-tns 

T H U O U S A N D O A K S 
Country 
Club 
„ _ Membership 
G old C ord M em b e rsh ip Fo r Sole. 
M u st Sell B e c a u se of T ran sfe r, 
Great F a m ily Fun and Social Life 
Sw im , T e n n is. G y m and M o re 
A pril Q ues Prop. Call, 494 1879 
Too cash paid for your old new so ap e rs and corrugated. 81$ Ce- rolvo A R C O P A P E R ST O C K 
U D R IV E O U R C A R S 
A N Y C IT Y - S H A R E G A S 
N.A.T., INC. 
(713) 96o-1o3o__________ 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
Excellent position available for qualified service manager. 
Knowledgeable in the repair and maintenance of C B. Radio equipment, first or second doss FCC license necessary. Must be able to deal with public, supervise, provide technical od^ vice to bench technicians, select and purchase ports and equipment plus normal administrative duties. 
For interview call 
Frank Morris 
349-4465 

QUANTITY 

 m et rn m 
Handy Andy 
" 
TYPIST 

114 BfneTAIIMllCWT BIHM 

C H A R T E R 
Y O U R 
O W N 
F L IG H T ! B u sin e ss trips, fishing trips, you nam e it, W e ll fly if! 
1-866-3471 

IU HHK BUICK 
Work experience in pharmacy required. Ability to speak 
Spanish helpful. Afternoon and evening hours, but no Sun­ 

 day work. 
Call Mr. Blake 
Handy Andy Inc. 
3 o o o E. H o u sto n 
227-2371 Ext 456 for appt. 
W e o r e o n e q u a l o p p o rt u n ity e m p lo y e r m a le o r fe m ale 

L O N N I E 
I R V I N D A Y L I G H T 
L O D G E N o 13o?, A F & A M , 1914 
B a s s e R d . State d C o m m . Sa l. 
A pril 9, 1:3o P.M. S O N S O F H IR ­ 
A M W I L L C O N F E R M M D E ­ 
G R E E . M e m b e rs urged to attend. 
Visiting Brethren welcom e Leon 
Y M cM ah o n , M .; Sid Shoenfield, 
Sec._________ 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

GET YOUR FEET WET BEFORE £ 
YOU TAKE THE PLUNGE 
* 

ELKINS INSTITUTE 
Can Train You In 
BROADCASTING 

DAY & EVENING 

CIASSES AVAILABLE 
Approved for Veterans 
1st Class FCC License 
CB Radio Repair 
Radio & TV Repair 
Television Technician 
Operator 

S A N A N T O N IO C O M M A N D E R Y 
N o 7, K T W ill hold tho A n n u a l 
E a ste r Su n rise Se rv ic e Sunday, 
A pril IO at 8:oo A M . at the Scot fish Rite Temple, Ave. E end 4th 
Sts. The Rev. B. L. B row n of the 
W oodlaw n C h ristian C h u rch will brin g us the Ea ste r M essage. Sir 
K n ig h ts re q u e ste d to be in u n ­ iform. So io u rn ln g T lr K nights and fam ilies welcom e. B ob E. H e n s­ le y , C o m m a n d e r , H o r a c e A. 
Tufts, Rec. ______________ 

^ Now you con launch a new career while you y. 
^ k e e p your present job! Since Farmers 1 ° -^ surance group will train you without cost ond^pf 
.^ p a y you full commissions while you learn. W 
^ B e fo re you know it, you'll be making waves^ 
7* in a rewarding life-time profession. Call for^C full details, Charles Manley at 656-8266. 

C IV IL D R A F T S M A N 
A pply at M a v e rick E n g in e e rin g 
Co., 8o33 Pinebrook, 349-3963. 
D P O P E R A T O R S U P E R V IS O R 
R e q u ire 2-3 y r s s u o 'v r y exp., k n o w le d g e 37o-145, o O S - V S , 
P o w e r-V S . J C L . (8o6)743-8o11, 
Ext 3o6 or 27o._____________ 
. 

A local real estate firm is seeking 
3 aqents to loin them In providing the- m o st p ro fe ssio n a l s e rv ic e available, lf you are a self-starter. d esire excellent w o rkin g co n d i­ tions. and w ant to be a p a rt of dynam ic organization, call for on interview at 655-7641 or com e by 
W H IT E - W Y A T T A S S O C ., 3211 
Nacogdoches Rd._________________ 

BIDS WANTED 

I Sealed Bids addressed to the City 
Clerk, City Hall, San Antonio, Texos will be received for Lighted Softball fields in accordance with plans and specifications on file in the Office of 
James 
H. 
Acosta, 
Engineering 
Division, Fourth Floor of City Half 
2. The bids shall be submitted in duplicate, the envelope containing any bid to be endorsed os follows: 
Lighted Softball Fields Bid • A Thirty 
Dollar ($3o.oo) deposit will be re­ quired on each set of pions and specifications. 
3 A Cashier s Check or bid bond poyoble to the order Of the City of 
Son Antonio, Texos, in on amount not less thon five per cent (5% ) of the totol bid, must accompany each bid as a guarantee that if awarded the contract, the successful bidder will promptly enter into o contract and execute a bond on the standard forms provided, os outlined in the specifications and contract documents. 
4 Bids will be received rn the Office of the City Clerk until 2:oo P M , 
Tuesday, May TO, 1977 and then publicly opened ond read aloud; any bids received after that will be returned unopened. 
5. A 
Performance 
Bond, in on amount of not less than one hundred per cent (1oo%) of the contract price, conditioned upon the faithful performance of the controct ond upon the payment of oil persons sup­ plying laoor ond furnishing materials, will be required. A Poy ment Bond, os required by Art 516o, 
R C.S. Texos, must also be provided. 
6. The successful bidder will be re­ quired to excecute the stondord con­ struction controct prepored ond sup­ plied by the City 
I The City reserves the nght to re­ ject any and all bids and waive any formalities. 
8. Tbs is a proposed public works controct, ond Article SlS9o, RXY. 
Texos, os amended, requiring that not less thon the prevailing wage rote for work of o similar character in this locality shall be paid oil laborers, workmen, ond mechanics employed in the construction thereof shall be complied with. 
9. 
'NON DISCRIMINATION 
IN 
EMPLOYMENT BIDDERS ON THIS 
WORK 
WILL 
BE 
REQUIRED 
TO 
COMPLY WITH THE PRESIDENTS 
EXECUTIVE ORDER NO. 11246. THE 
REQUIREMENTS FOR BIDDERS AND 
CONTRACTORS UNDER THIS ORDER 
ARE 
EXPLAINED 
IN 
THE 
SPECIFICATIONS.' 

G.V. JACKSON, JR. 
City Clerk 

SELLING TOOLS 
TO INDUSTRY 
W e have just opened a se cond industrial supplies warehouse and need a sales person to sell piping systems, compressors, hoists, drill bits, grinding wheels and other industrial products. Salary and com­ mission. 
For Appointm ent call 
Ellie Spenrath 
223-18o1, ext. 477 
THE PERRY SHANKLE CO. 

Civil Engineering Firm has in g fo r D r a f t s m a n w ith gotvd d ra ftin g sk ills and m ath S u .k- ground. 828-2551. 

N E E D W O R K 7 Locol engineering firm taking apDlications for field inspector of concrete construction and soil testing. B a c k g ro u n d in building construction and-or test­ ing required. Salary 545o to 552$ a month. Coll 349-5167 

A To Z Tire Com any is lookinq for on experienced m on to m anage o wholesale store here, lf you are i n t e r e s t e d in w o r k i n g w i t h t h e fastest grow ing tire com pany in this state, p le a se co n ta ct me. 
M o r t ln N u s s b o u m , V ic e - P r e ­ sident of Soles, A To Z Tire Com ­ pony; P.O. Box 9138, A m orino, 
Texos 791o5. (8o6) 373-2895._______ 

E l k i n s 
I n s t i t u t e 
3o1 Broadway Bldg. Suita 2oo 

Opening o new b ranch office in 
N .E . San A n to n io h a s cre a te d openinqs for additional soles per­ sonnel in two of our offices. In addition to a g e n e ro u s co m m is­ sion schedule, we offer o profit sharing pion, social security and medical insurance paym ents plus exceptional office a cc o m m o d a ­ tions In excellent locations. Please call me for a confidential inter­ v ie w if you o re lic e n s e d a n d considering changing com panies o r p r e p a r in g to a p p ly fo r o license. 
R u ss 
Klinginsm ith 
342-41oo 

S t iu c t u a l ste e l d e t a ile r w ith experience in tubular steel. Coll 
512-349-3735., for appointm ent 
EMPLOYMENT 

LONE STAR 

VOLKSWAGEN 

NEW AND USED 

SALES PERSON 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
__________699-1o15__________ 
EDWARDS UNDERGROUND WATER DISTRICT 
NOTICE OF INTENTION 

TO A M IN O SIC T IO N S 3 A N D 7 O f C H A PTIB PO, ACTS O f THI 
SOTH 
LEGISLATOR! CREATING THE E D W A R D S U N D ERG R O U N D 
W ATER DISTRICT (ART. 8 2 8 o -3 1 9 , V E R N O N 'S C iv il STATUTES) BV 
C H A N G IN G A N O A D D IN G T O THE P O W E R S A N D DUTIES O f THC 
DISTRICT, BY C H A N G IN G THE C O M P E N SA T IO N O f DIRECTORS A N D 
DEC LA R IN G A N EMERGENCY. 

BE IT ENACTED by the legislature of the State of Texas: 

Section I Ach of the 56th legislature, 1959, Chapter 99, Sec 3 (article 828o 
219, Vernon s Civil Statutes of Texos) is hereby amended by amending Sec. 3 subsection (I) to read os follows: 

(I) to conserve, preserve, protert and inrteose the recharge of and prevent the woste ond pollution of the underground water, ond to make ond enforce rules to provide for such conserving, preserving, protecting, recharging, ond pre venting of waste ond pollution, and to protect the rights in the underground reservoir of residents ond toxpoyers of the District A brief resume of each rule shalt be published once a week for two consecutive weeks in one or more news papers to give circulation within the District. No rule may be made effective un til at leos! 14 days hove elapsed ofter the dote of the first publication The Dis­ trict may enforce its rules by injunction, mandatory injunction, or other appro pnote remedy in o court of competent jurisdiction. 

Section 2 Said Act is hereby further amended by oddmg to said Section 3 thereof the following additional subsections (7), (8), (9), (IO) ond (TI) os follows: 

(7) to require that water wells shall be equipped ond maintained so os to conform to the District s rules requiring installation of rosing, pipe, ond fittings to prevent the escope of underground water to any reservoir not containing un­ derground woter ond to prevent the pollution of or harmful alteration of the character of the underground woter. 

(8) to require that records be kept ond reports be mode of the drilling, equipping, ond completing of woter wells 

(9) to require that occurote drillers' logs be kept of water wells ond that copies of drillers' logs and electric logs be filed with the District 

(TO) to provide for proper maintenance of open or uncovered wells 

(a) The District moy require the owner or lessee of land on which on open or uncovered well is locoted to keep the well permanently closed Of copped with o covering capable of sustaining weight of of least 4oo pounds, except when the well is in actual use. 

(b) As used rn this section, open or uncovered well means on artificial ex covotion of least IO feet deep that is dug or drilled for the purpose of producing water from the underground water reservoir ond is not copped or covered as re­ quired by this chapter 

(c) lf the owner or lessee foils or refuses to close or cop the well in compli­ ance with this chapter within TO days ofter being requested to do so in writing by on officer, agent, or employee of the District, any person, firm, or corpora­ tion employed by the District moy go on the land Ona dose or cop the well safe ly and securely 

 id) Fxpenses incurred by the District in closing or copping o well, not to ex teed $1oo, constitute o lien on the land on which the well is located 

(e) The lien is perfected by filing in the deed records of the county where the well is locoted an oHidavit, executed by any person conversant with the focts, stating the following 

(1) the existence of the well. 

(2) the legol description of the property on which the well is located; 

'(3) the opproximote location of the well on the property, 

(4) the failure or refusal of the owner or lessee, ofter notification, to close the well within TO doys ofter the notification, 

(5) the closing of the well by the District, or by an authorized agent, representotive, or employee of the District; ond 

(6) the expense incurred by the District in closing the well. 

(f) The District moy make ond enforce rules that ore necessary or op propriote to effectively exercise the powers granted in this section 

(a) Nothing in this section oHects the enforcement of Chapter 281, Arts of the 51st legislature, 1949 (article 92o2, Vernon's Annotated Texas Statutes). 

(ll) to enter into contracts and participate in projects with Woter Districts, 
(onservotion Districts, River Authorities, Cities ond Towns. Counties ond 
Municipal ond Governmental Agencies ond other transporters ond deliverers of woter, ond to sell and join in the sole and delivery of any ond oil woter acquired in pursuance of or to Corry out ond perform such contracts ond projects 

Section 3 Said Act is hereby further amended by amending Section 7 to read os follows 

Sec. 7. Compensation of Directors. Directors of the District shall be entitled to 
Fifty Dollars (SSO) per day for each doy of official service, whether sitting os a 
Board or serving on a committee of the Board, ond in addition thereto shall be entitled to reimbursement for oil actual expenses necessarily incurred by reoson of such services. No Director shall receive a totol amount of more thon Nine 
Hundred Dollars ($9oo) in ony twelve (12) months period for service os a Direr tor ond os o member of a committee; provided, however, no Director shall be disqualified to render service to the District os on employee or representotive ond to receive reasonable compensation therefor, provided such Director shell be disqualified from voting on any resolution providing for such employment or fixing the compensotion therefor. All fees for services os a Director or os a mem ber of o committee of Directors end oil necessary expenses in connection with such service shall be paid out of funds raised in the county area from which the 
Director is elected or appointed 

Section 4. The importance of this legislation ond the crowded condition of the calendars in both Houses create on emergency and imperative public neces shy that the constitutional rule requiring bills to be read on three severol days in each House to be suspended, and sold rule is hereby suspended and that this 
Act toke effect ond be in force from ond after its passage, ond it is so enacted. 

Wm. H. Spice, Jr., Choirman 
Board of Directors 
Idwards Underground Water District 
ATTEST: 
Jo Cella Cullman/; 
Asst. Secretary-Treosurer 

So le s - Full tim e, prefer flow er shop exp. The Arbor, North Star 
M oll 349-3647______________________ 
OUTSTANDING 
OPPORTUNITY 

"NATURAL HAVOREO 
K l CREAM PARIORS 
<k 

TWO CHOICE LOCATIONS 
NEW BRAUNFELS & 
ALICE, TEXAS 
Complete 8 ready for opening within o month. 
A comfortable income in the most pleosont surroundings. 
E A S Y TER ASS 
C o n t a c t: 
F r a n c h is e D ir e c t o r 
5 1 2 - 6 3 1 - 1 6 7 2 o r w r it e : 
SH E R W O O D 'S 
5 7 1 9 K e n w ic k 
S a n A n to n io 7 8 2 3 8 

S A L E S S E R V IC E P E R S O N for pest control com pany, exper­ ience preferred, but not ne ce s­ sary. 456-86oo, 735-4921 

 r 
SALES HELP & 
” 
M A N A G E R 
FOR EXCLUSIVE 
GIFT STORE 
Alamo Heights area 
Salary open 
5-6 days a week 
Chino and crystal experience helpful 
Call M rs. Mitchell fo r ap p t 8 26 -58 91 
House of Todd 
. 
6434 N. New Braunfels 
. 

CONSTRUCTION 
EQUIPMENT 
ACCOUNTANT 

Must have 5 years experience in Equipment Accounting. Will be involved with depreciation, 
Texas sales and use tax, and rental rate for beovy equip­ ment. Emphasis on cost ac­ counting. 
HB ZACHRY CO. 
527 Logw ood 
Call 9 2 2 -1 2 1 3 Ext. 348 
For Appointm ent 

(QUAL OPPORTUNITY iMPtOVt* 

EXPERIENCED IN 
VOLKSWAGEN LINE 
PREFERRED 

SEE: JOE MACHADO 
GEN. SALES MANAGER 

Monday & Tuesday 
April lith & 12th 

33o3 BROADWAY 

Seeking ADVERTISING MANAGER, knowledgeable in oil 

 medio, for rapidly expanding South Texos deportment 

 store. Coll or write: Personnel Director, RICHTER S DEPART­ 

MENT STORE, P. o. Box 119, Laredo, TX 78o4o. 

T E L E P H O N E 
C oll from o u r Southside office ioam -3p m or 3-8pm. H o m e im ­ provement experience helpful or will train. Sa la ry and bonus. Call 
226 1ooo for M r s White___________ 

S ta rt yo u r ow n c a re e r in fast gro iw n g b u sin e ss, sale s exp or training helpful. For appt call 
626-1951 
____________ _ 
(512) 723-6371 
T E L E P H O N E S A L E S 
N eed people in m y office, full time, day, no experience neces­ sary, must like to talk, an oppor­ tunity tor excellent earnings, see 
M ot at 2oo3 San Pedro, Room 8. 

Itta) Diflrirt al Notiewl Company Moke crook.., growls-oHonto4 IwA-workiog, individual to idoniify, moot ond wH an­ tlia and undoiKOro on-tito advortiting mode. Raided prod veil ond lament to lop butinott mono foment; territory ai ligament, ioiiewii.g training period. 
6 limited Over-night travel 
• Salary + Commission 
• Excellent opportunity for aggressive sales producer 
• Previous sales experience necessary 
Call Larry R .C allicott 
FEDERAL SIGN 
3 4 1 -8 2 2 3 
An Equal Opportunity Employer MZF 

Small G IF T A N D C H IN A Shop in 
New Braunfels. N om inal invest­ ment. With oil or port inventory. 
Coll S.A., 349-4931_________________ 

Unique growth opportunity with a 
52oo,ooo,ooo co m p a n y for those who qualify; salary, and com m is- slon. 828-55o1._____________________ 

 insurance 
WHOLESALER 
"HALLMARK 

A E R O - T E C H ^ 

S M A L L M O T E L - B IG IN C O M E . 
Ten units, sm all apartm ent, on busy Southside street.' Excellent condition. 828-46o2._______________ 
SR. LOSS 
CONTROL 
REPRESENTATIVE 

Need 
Inside 
Salesperson with experience in selling fishing tackle, guns and ammo. 

Sm all town bu sin e ss needs new o w n e r-m a n a g e r. B u s y re s o rt area. G ross receipts $2oo,ooo and growing. Priced to sell 
N G D R E A L T O R S 
Draw er 43o 
M arble FollS.TX 786S4 
S12 693-4343 or 
Gene Reilly, Nights 
512-598-5739 

BECOME A LICENSED 
A V IA TIO N TECHNICIAN 
NEW CLASSES BEGIN APRIL lith 
• Approved for Veterans 
• Accredited MATTS Institution 
• FAA Approved 
• Courses in Airframe and Power- plant 
• Quality for FAA ABP license 
• Course Duration 12 Months 
• Job Placement Assistance 

V ISIT O R C A U 
H ALLM ARK AERO TECH l l 3o 99th St., Stinson Fi«ld 
San Antonio, Texas 78214 
924-8551 

C N A 
Insurance an in­ novative and progressive leader in its field bas an immediate need for a Sr. 
Loss 
Control 
Represen­ tative in San Antonio. To quality for this position you'll need a minimum of three years experience in a multi-line environment. 
Boiler ticket preferred, but not mandatory. Offered to the qualified candidate is a salary commensurate with experience, complete fringe benefit package and company cor. 
For im­ mediate consideration, call 
(512) 736-2681 or send resume to.- 

 for Appointment 

Cal! 
Ellie Spenrath 
223-18o1, ext. 477 
THE PERRY 
SHANKLE CO. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Outside 
• 
£ sales 
^ 

 a experience required, £ 
A oil major compony 
~ 
™ benefits, apply Getz 
Rh 
Exterminators, 
Inc., w 
o 
122 BW. Rhapsody. 
# 
• • 
• 
• 
M 
M 

Two Adult book stores tor sole, I with theater in operation, money mokers. Coll Mr. Serno, 732-o526 
W E B U Y 
Businesses and Inventories 
J K A H N & ASSO C. 342-4822 

A limited num ber of ind ivid uals ore needed lo raise earthw orm s tor on orginization that offords an unlim ited incom e potential. F o r information call: 
E C O L O G Y C O N C E P T S INC. 
(512)657-o133 
_______ Offices Nationwide________ 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 

We ore looking for people in­ terested in pursuing o career in 
REAL ESTATE We otter on ex­ cellent commission schedule, plus extensive compony wide training. 
(oil Tor on interview. 
W f l G 
3 4 4 -6 2 o 7 

S O U T H W E S T 
S C H O O L 
O F 
M E D I C A L 
A S S IS T A N C E . 
224-2296, H S Broadw ay___________ 
FOR SALE 
Bids wit! be accepted for until 2:oo p.m., Tuesday, April 12, 1977 on the following surplus equipment ond materials belonging to tne Fort Sam 
Houston Independent School District os listed below: 

1 • 1962 International Harvester 
Tractor - model 4o4 
2 • Flail Mower 
3 • Spore Heater (gas) 
4 • Overhead Projection 
5 • fluorescent fixtures 
6 - Incandescent Fixtures 
7 - 25 inch Block and White TVs. 
Bid forms moy be obtained from the 
Business 
Monoger, 
19oo 
Winons 
Road, Son Antonio, 78218. Phone: 
824 7535. 
The Board reserves the right to reject any or all bids ond waive all formalities. 

Veteran Inquiries Welcome 
W orm Hotel- 1ox1o port, bldg terms, free del 924-5oo3._________ 

We buy w orm s under confract 
W orm grow ers needed 
512-653-514o 
W O R M E N T E R P R IS E S 
Insurance From 
CNA 

1455 West Loop South 

Houston, Texas 77o27 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Sales people are am ong the high­ est paid in the world 
1. Im m ediate openings 
2. We will train 
3. M U st have cor 
4. We work leads • appt basis 
F o r personal interview 
C all 732-21o5 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore oirepted on the premise that jobs of­ fered will be filed on the basis of merit without discrimination because of sex unless the job is o bonofide at cupotional qualification 
EM PLO YM ENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Privote Employment 
Association has o rigid (ode of Ethics to which all its private employment ogenry members subscribe For in­ formation about private employment ogencies. or action on complaints, coll 
2/4 78o2 or the 
Better Business 
Bureau 

Experien ce required. llp m -T am hours. Apply in person to Robert 
M a u rin s beginning M on d ay April ll from 
9am-5pm 
M E N G E R 
H O T E L ___________________________ 
Will buy shop equipment, inven­ tories, or close-outs. Po-Co, 6459 
Old 
Hwy 
9o 
West. 
673-2573, 
533-9o98.______________________. 
REALTOR-BUILDERS 
Rapidly expanding Real Estate 
Division has immediate open­ ing for a few more licensed agents! Unique opportunity for those qualified, (ontoct 
BILL ASH 
For Confidential Interview 
69o-98o2 i s m 
G R E A T 
I 
S c w y P A M E R I C A w m tim m t R L A L T O N * - , 

Food broker needs salesm an for retail g r o c e r y w o r k O n l y p e r s o n s with retail g ro c e ry e xp e rien ce need apply Sa la ry based on ex­ perience. Send resum e to: P.O. 
Box 3D, Son Antonio, T exos 78217. 
COMPREHENSIVE 
PLANNING 
ASSOCIATE 
Graduate degree in urban, regional, land use, com­ prehensive or environmental planning, urban studies or similar filed OR bachelor’s degree in some plus 4 yrs. experience. Ex­ perience in mapping, display and data analysis in areas of housing ond lond use desired. Individual must function well in public orea. 
S e n d re su m e to: 
Alamo Area 
Council of Governments 
4oo Three Americas Bldg. 
San Antonio 782o5 equal opportunity employer 

B u s in e s s and In d iv id u a l lo a n s a v a ila b le for o n y p u rp o se . 
$2,ooo-SI o,ooo,ooo. Contact M r. T. 
Whitely 534-8873__________________ 
Is interview ing for one new a s­ sociate, if you feel you can qualify for our present opening call Jack 
H a rp e r fo r in te rv ie w 734-1334 between 
9om-5pm 
M ondoy-Friday. _________________ 

S E A L E D B ID P R O P O S A L S will be received by the San Antonio 
Independent Sch o o l D istric t on the following: 
Bid No. 77-8o 
Science Eauipm ent-M icroscopes, 
E dison High School-Bid Opening: 
1:3o p.m. April 25, 1977 
Bid No. 77 82 
C a fe t e r ia F o o d S u p p lie s - B id 
Opening: IO 3o A.M. April 25, 1977 
Bid No. 77-83 
Fire Extingulshters-Bid Opening: 
IO 3o a m. A pril 29, 1977. 
Bid form s m ay be picked up prior to bid opening at the office of the 
P u rc h a s in g Agent, 121S A u stin 
Street, Son Antonio, Texos_______ 
Sealed bids will be received by the 
D irector of B u sin e ss Services of 
Education Service Center, Region 
JO tor B ID O N (1 1 C O M P U T E R 
P R IN T E R T E R M IN A L until 2:oo p.m., April 28, 1977. Itemized de­ tails are on tile and available upon request in the P u rch a sin g Office. 
Education Service Center, Region 
2o, 155o N. E. Loop 41o, San A n ­ tonio, Texas 782o9. 
June Patton, P u rch asin g Agent 
Sealed bids will be received bv the 
D irector of Busin e ss Services of 
Education Service Center, Region 
2o tor B ID O N T W O (2) F IL M 
IN S P E C T IO N M A C H IN E S until 
2 oo p.m.. April 28, 1977. Itemized details are on tile and available upon request In the P u rc h a sin g 
Office, Education Service Cener, 
R egion 2o, 155o N. E. Loop 41o, 
San Antonio, T e xa s 782o9. 
June Patton, P u rc h asin g Agent 

We specialize in the purchase of: 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
• F i n a n c i a l Loosing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E A T 226-o314 
18)8 N B C Bldg. 
Son Antonio 

We need two full time R E A L E S 
T A T E A G E N T S to join our "M il­ lion Dollar Sales C lu b " this year. 
Call M r. Gonzales or M r. Wiegel today 736-4426. 
D E A N IE 
O W E N S 
CO 
___________ R E A L T O R S ___________ 

COUPLE NEEDED 
AS HOUSE 
PARENTS 

L O A N S A va ila b le for Shopp ing 
Centers, Office B uildings. Apts, 
Warehouses, Etc, 525o,ooo up. A l­ so Eauiom ent $25,ooo up. Farm s- 
R a n c h e s, 525,ooo up. V e n tu re 
Capitol, 51o,ooo up. Second M o rt­ gage on Income Property, 55o.ooo up All rotes and term s competi­ tive. B ro k e rs ond F in d e rs w el­ com e. 
C o n ta c t: 
G L O B A L 
E N T E R P R IS E S , P O B O X 1483, 
Bay City, Tx. 77414._______________ 

S E C R E T A R Y Self-starter, type 
55-6owpm , sh o rth a n d o r d icta ­ phone, 1o-kev kn ow le d ge , tele- phone manner. 828-o652__________ 

H O U S E S P O U S E lf you have some time available and are s e rio u s about tu rn in g th o se h o u r s into d o lla r s , you should come and talk to us about a career in residential real estate. 
You need an out-going personality and a knowledge of elem entary arithm etic to Qualify. Y ou don't have to know a lot about real es­ tate b e ca u se we will tra in you thoroughly. 
Call for app't. 
822-58o8. 
E D G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 

For a group Foster home for boys. Centrally locat­ ed in San Antonio, Tx. 
Good salary and bene­ fits. 
ASSISTANT 
OFFICE M A N A G E R / 
BOOKKEEPER 
For large aari business com­ pany located near Harlingen, 
Tx. (PA or Accounting ex­ perience involving gins, elevators, farm & ranch, a necessity. Must be able to get along well with people. 
Knowledge of Spanish helpful. 
Send resume lo: 
25o ALTA PLAZA 
CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78411 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted on the premise that jobs offered will be filed on the basis of merit without discrimina­ tion because of sex unless the job is a 
Bonafide occupational qualification. 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The San Antonio Private Employ­ ment Association has a rigid Code of Ethics to which oil its private employment agency members subscribe, for information about private employment agencies, or action on complaints, coll 224- 
78o2 at the 
Better 
Business 
Bureau. 

N E E D C A S H ? ? 
B U T H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ? ? 
Coll Union Finance 223-6871 
Presbyterian 
Children's Home 
& Service Agency 
224-1756 

R E A D Y cash lo purchase your real estate mortoges. 225-1475. 
S M A L L H O N O R L O A N S 
JU ST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
A S A C R E D IT _______ 
223-i 
A C A R E E R 
N a t'l co m p an y N Y S E begin in sales, office system to b u siness fir m s . S a la r y + co m m 
C a ll 
Charles Tanner 224-5538 U A R C O 
Inc.________ _______ 

Strict groom ing code. No exper­ ience necessary. O pportunity to advance. 684-4947, 656-85o7 

Starting, expand ing, intangible a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le .. .c o s h a v a ila b le for th e se on d o ther money needs. Call 673-8857 now. 
A P R O F E S S IO N A L P A Y C H E C K for a professional job well done. 
Sell fine homes in Son Antonio, full o r p a rt-tim e • no e x p e rie n c e needed It you have a year of col­ lege, or are tak in g (or plan to take) a Reol Estate course, or are licensed, we d like to talk to you. 
Form al training school + on-the- job tra in in g . We s p e c ia liz e in buyers com ing in from out of town who make a decision in 1-3 days 
Don't be afraid to call a m anager now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

Meet people, give them their hon­ est opinion, they will be happier and you are handsom ely rew ard­ ed. San A ntonio's oldest largest s p e c ia lis t in L U X U R Y a p a r t ­ m ents ond tow nhouses are now interview ing licensed people tor care e r staff appointm ents. Coll 
Gayle 341-9176____________________ 

Local m oving and storage com ­ p o n y , a g e n t fo r n a t’l m o v in g com pony, has an opening for full tim e s a le s m a n 
E x p e r ie n c e preferred. Straight com m ission 
M ust have own car, gasoline fur­ n ish e d . B u s y s e a s o n a b o u t to begin. Coll for Interview 333-333o 

ELECTRONIC 
TECHNICIAN or ENGINEER with design capabilities and experience in solid state technology 

LANCER CORP. 
235 W. TURBO 
San Antonio 78216 
512— 344*3o71 
•qual opportunity employer 

L A N D S C A P E S U P E R V IS O R 
2 y e a rs m in im u m e xp e rien ce , salary open. D ynam ic Lan d scap ­ ing Company. 
C R E A T I V E 
E N V I R O N M E N T S 
INC. 14oo S P O ST O A K R D S U IT E 
12o1, H O U STO N , T X 77o56________ 
G O IN G C O N C E R N 
B U R G L A R A L A R M CO. 
T rue grow th in d u stry. S e rio u s in q u ir ie s o n ly 
656-5o56 o r 
654-oo14, M r.M artin______________ 

•Own Your ow n B u sin e ss" White 
Auto Stores, 391o Call Field Rd 
Wichito Falls, Tx (8)7)692-341o 

M echanical designer for air con d ro n in g , heating and plum bing 
Willing to relocate in San Angelo, 
Tx 349-3735__________________ 

 with experience in drainage, ond or sewer treatment plant design. 
Cpl) 349-31o7 for appt_____________ 
5 a g g r e s s iv e p e rso n s who want a future now. In 2 weeks you will m ake more m oney thon you ever m ade in you life. You must be o self starter. Salary and com m ission and benefits. Hom o im provem ent Instruction or direct soles exp. helpful Preset appts 
Qualified. No part time - you don’t need another job to m ake ends meet. 17 year old firm . Call for 
Mr. Black 226-4771_____________ 

4 Short Weeks 
P E R S O N A L L IN E S 
U N D E R W R IT E R 
2 y rs e xp e rien ce u n d e rw ritin g fam ily autom obile ond- or p e r­ sonal property. Salary open. Con- tact Jerry M iller 736-24o1 
______ 

C onstruction ond M a in te n a n ce 
Regional Coordinator, C om pany exp an d in g to San Antonio orea needs ind ivid ual cap ab le of o r­ ganizing and form ing contracting com pony. M u st be fully e x p e r­ ie n c e d in a p a rtm e n t r e q u i r ­ em ents to include all ph ase s of 
Interior-exterior re fu rb u rsh in g , roofing and asphalt. In d ivid u a l should be experienced rn estim al ing and must hove proven record of crew supervision and control along with office procedures and m anagem ent. F o rw a rd resum e w ith r e fe re n c e s a n d s a l a r y requirem ents to: PO B O X 531o 
Pasadena, Texos 775o5.___________ 

Ice House or Lounge. P ro p e rty and equipment included. $37,ooo. 
Term s. 23)o Culebro 735-56)2 
N E, Under 55,ooo. Call 655-4822 or 
655-5684__________________________ 
Prim e retail space, South P a rk 
M a ll, 99o s a .ft. A v a ila b le im - mediately. 333-o141 or 927-5411 

Other Training in: 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretary 
Nurse's Aide/Orderly 

7-3, 3-11 and 11-7 
Full time 
Normandy Terrace 
Nursing Home 
648-o1o1 
841 Rice Rd. 

Experience helpful or will train. 
S a l a r y 
F c o m m i s s i o n 
1-2 w e e k training program . M ust have car. 
3 p e r s o n s n e e d e d 
P r e s e t qualified appts. Call M r. Green 
2 2 6 - 4 7 7 ) ________________ 

P R O F IT M A K IN G B u sin e ss for sole. No blue sky. P u rc h a se of inventory value. Coll Carl Willey 
684-1767, 6-8PM for appt_________ 
S u p e rv is e fore m e n ond sh o p s, support assem bly lines, response hie for sub ossinbly in wood, sheet metal, elec. and fiberglas. M in 5 yrs ewp. To S18.5K, fee paid 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
826 9671____________ 
2446 Ceegee 
Professional registered surveyor w illing to perm anently locate in 
San Angelo, Tx. Call 512-349-3735 for appointment.__________________ 

 com m ission only. Car necessary. 
For appt call 681-3276____________ 
D u n n & B ra d stre e t s a y s ‘Coin 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y o n d D r y 
C leanin g Stores are one of two industries with the least failure figures.' 
K W IC K W A S H co in o p e ra te d la u n d ry and d ry c le a n in g test stores for sale. 
W E H A V E choice la u n d ry loca­ tions in every part of Son Antonio ready to build now. 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For information call Ed Floyd 
512-684-3771 o r v is it o u r w a re h o u se -sh o w ro o m at 54o3 
Jockwood, Son Antonio, Tx 78238 

Real Good Opportunity! Drive-In 
F o o d to Go. M u s t se ll du e to health Fully equipped. 923-8318 

NEED DEPENDABLE 
Experienced 
Structural or 
Architectural 
DETAILER 
For Pre-Last concrete. Must be able to work in­ dependently and have 2 years experience, (all Tor appt: 
9 2 4 -44 71 
W O L C O 
C O R P O R A T IO N 
A Subsidiary of Stanley 
Works 

Otters the greatest opportunity in this a re o for the m otived, su c ­ c e s s fu l R E A L E S T A T E A S ­ 
S O C IA T E . Excellent N orth C en­ tro! location and a unique co m ­ m ission plan that starts you at up to 85% com m ission instead of the unusual 5o% or 6o% plus all the ad van tage s of C e n tu ry 21. Call 
M r. K end all for confidential in- tervlew 494-1951__________________ 

 co m m issio n to start, ca llin g on o ur custom ers. C a r n e ce ssary. 
M ust be neat and clean-cut 
494-5812 

A C C O U N T S 
S T £ "E l v A b U e 
B O O K K E E P E R , exp e rien ce on 
B u rro u g h s S e n sim a tic P o stin g 
M achin necessary, call 224-9478 lor appointment._______________ 

Electrical designer tor lighting, power ond controls and com m er­ c ia l bidgs 
W i l l i n g lo relocate in 
San Angelo, Tx 349-3735__________ 
Professional Executive 
Consultants Int'l 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO, suite 44o 
512-736-2263____ 

Education Center 
1121 Navarro 
Exp. m unicipal and su b d ivision draftsm en in est. Austin consult­ ing engineering firm . Call Ooug 
512-454-o371 or write B rya n t Cu- rington Inc. 3423 Guadalupe 787o5 
E G E 
________________ 
_____ 

A sst, bookkeep er, som e exper ience necessary. Perm anent, full time. 434-6311 a sk for C onrad . 
263o Culebro_____________ 

L O V E P L A N T S ? Fully equipped and stocked plant shop, N E Son 
A n to n io .P O B o x 549,Sh e rtz,T X 
781S4; 658-9188 otter 6 w kdoys. 
Qualified D IE T IC IA N Wanted 
H ave im m ediate opening for a qualified Dietician or Nutritionist who is a p p ro v e d by the State 
Dept. of Health, to do consultant w ork in a n u rsin g center. Ben efits, travel expenses and tra n ­ sportation furnished. Write or call collect: D a vid H a rris. Regional 
Vice President, 4455 S. Padre Is­ land Or., Suite 47, Corpus Christi, 
Tx 78411 or Coll 512-854-1183. 

W e need I s a le s p e r s o n to sp e cialize in better re sid e n tia l properties on the Northside, will co n sid e r m in im u m e x p e rie n c e but require a p ro fe ssio n a l atti­ tude Best w orking conditions. All i n t e r v i e w s confidential R E A L 
TO RS. 341-72o) 

B O O K K E E P E R , 1o-key by touch and good typing ability 828-o653 
M O R T G A G E C O M P A N Y 
O ther interests prom p t sale of c o r p o ra t io n d e a lin g in s m a ll profitable Real Estate loons. Lit­ tle competition, con be operated alone or in coniunction with Reol 
Estate insurance or rem odeling. 
Reply to E xp re ss News box 2623. 

IN S T R U C T O R A V IA T IO N M A IN ­ 
T E N A N C E . M ust hove F A A 
A and P License, teaching e x p e r­ ience preferred, full time position. 
924-855).______________ 

D A Y & N IT E C L A S S E S 
E N R O L L NOW 
Keypunch, Secretarial, A ccount­ ing, Dratting and All Other B usi­ ness Courses. 
Vet Approved. 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
IQS Son Pedro 
225-54o! 

C O M E W ITH US. and learn new fields of real estate in our beau­ tifully remodeled office suites. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
C O U P O N A G E N T S , hom e por- traits. 226-5886. 225-8476__________ 

B O O K K E E P E R A S S IS T A N T with enough experience to Qualify as head bookkeeper in a short time 
Good pay, pleasant w orking con­ d itio n s, s m a ll n u m b e r of e m ­ ployees. R e fe re n c e s re q u ire d 
Ap p ly in p erson of once. BOW 
L E R A M A L A N E S , 4719 Blanco 
Rd.____________ _____________ 

JO B H U N T IN G ? 512-565,ooo. B e r­ n a rd H a ld a n e & A sso c . (512) 
342-3166 
S in c e 1947. 
N o t a placement ogency.________________ 

R E O W O R M S B u y b a c k con tracts, time paym ent plan. H a r­ vest m achines and books a vaila ­ ble. 
A r n o l d s 
W o rm 
F a r m 
Inc.,64o7 O riskany, Son Antonio, 
T X 78247. 656-oo16. A n s w e rin g service «»4-733i__________________ 
Restaurant near downtown, fully equipped, alt offers considered, 
341-8425 oft 5, anytim e w kends 
S m a ll cote 751o B a n d e ra Rd. 
Good lease. 565oo 684-8445 atter 3 

IS 225 1 6 6 6 f X P R I S S A N D N I W S 

O E A N IE O W E N S CO., S E O F 
F IC E , N E E D S Two experienced sales agents. E a rn from $12,ooo to 
525,ooo per year Ask for Suzanne 
Smith, 532-5245.___________________ 

New Northside Lounge for sale or lease M on-Fri, call 532-3238, Sat- 
Sun, 532-5o77._____________________ 
O W N E R F L E X IB L E 
R e s t a u r a n t and e q u ip m e n t a vaila b le tor im m ediate o p e ra ­ tion Oft San Pedro M ake otter. 
Jim W agner 344-2341, 828-246o 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

R IC H ond A S S O C IA T E S 
Em ploym ent Service 
684o-A Son Pedro 826-o661 
Finish High School at Home 
Diplom a aw arded. F o r free b ro ­ chure, coll Am erican School, tool free: 1-8oo-621-8318. 

O pening for one qualified sales person. M ust be willing to work. 
The com pany has m any clients; also, m any listings. We pay S4oo salary plus com m ission. M ust be licensed, lf you are licensed and con dsidering ch an g in g com p an­ ies. call a n y tim e - M r. W atts. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S - 
T A T E 732-2918, 732-5355. 

(A u stin ) A D P S Y S T E M S P R O ­ 
G R A M M E R , im mediate opening, co n sid e rab le e xp e rien ce in a d ­ vanced com puter p ro g ra m m in g on Honeyw ell Series 6ooo equip­ ment. Some experience in super­ vision of p rogram m ing personnel. 
Salary $18,42o. Call (512) 475-2o33 for appointment. 

 is accepting applications for 
Sharpe Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr. 
Suite 14o, (5)2)349-3541 
E a rn between 515,ooo and 535,ooo per year, buying and selling real estate on a state wide basis No experience necessary, will train. 

Need experienced finance com ­ pany cashier. Good typist, know 
1o-key. E xce lle n t sa la ry , 5 day week Phone R. Goforth 734-71/1 
A C C O U N T S E R V IC E S ____________ 
C L E R K T Y P IS T , 6o wpm , error free, 6oo W. Evergreen. 

H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H 
113o 99th ST, Stinson Field 
_______ 924-8551 e q u a l o p p o r t u n i t y e m p l o y e r M F 
--------------- U fy -y -reHiqT TO 
------ 

I M I N U M B t R TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 f X P R f S S A N D N I W S 
ERA JACK MITCHELL 
31o7 
R E A L T O R 

Specializing Teacher placem ent 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828-1292 
62o8 S Flores 

^ 

o*' 

■ SALES 
612 MEDICAL 
612 MEDICAL *614 SKILLS • TRADES 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
A N D 
VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
H ove im m ediate vacancies in the follow ing positions: 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
R N S - 3 - 1 1 , 1 1-7 
I V N - I I 7 

N U R S IN G S U P E R V IS O R FO R S U R G IC A L A R EA 
N U R S IN G SE R V IC E O FFIC E SEC RET A RY 
R E G IS T E R E D M E D IC A L T E C H N O L O G IS T (Hem atology) 
S Y S T E M S A N A L Y S T P R O G R A M M E R — minimum of 2 

 years experience in A N S -C O B O L , A LC lan gu age helpful, 
O O S / V S , C IC S / V S developing m edical-oriented data com m unications system. 
VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
L V N S - 3-1 I, 11-7 
E X P E R IE N C E D M E D IC A L T R A N SC R IB E R 
Excellent w orking conditions 
Fringe Benefits 
Apply in Person 
PERSONNEL OFFICE 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER; 519 W. Houston St., 228-2343 
VILLA ROSA ANNEX; 5115 Medical Dr., 228-2634 
E q u al O p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

6)o- OFFICER CLERICAL 

CLASSIFIED 
ADVERTISING 
SALES 

Mexican American newspaper, new to San Antonio, looking for persons writing to seM classified advertising 
No ex­ perience is necessary as we will train you. Potential for good income. 

Call 736-2o13 or apply at 

1216 W est Ave. 

REGISTERED NURSES 

General Staff Duty for 3-11 p.m. and 11-7 a.m. shifts, full time. 
★ Excellent working conditions 
★ Improved and increased fringe benefits 
★ Excellent starting salary commensurate with experience 
★ Active in-service program 
C o n ta c t P e r s o n n e l O ffice 
M etro po litan G e n e ral H ospital 
123o Brooklyn Avenue 
San Antonio, Tex. 7821 2 equal opportunity em ployer 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 
Minimum I year experience 
FULL TIME 
6 p.m.-2 a.m. 

APPLY IN PERSON 
9o.m.-1 p.m. 
FROST BANK 
PERSONNEL DEPT. 
1oO W . Houston St. 

 tqual Opportunity Employer 

EIO -OFFICES CLERICAL 

PROOF MACHINE 
OPERATORS 
Minimum I yr experience on NCR 
775, Model HOO or any 1o-key 
I proof machine by touch. Starting 
I salary commensurate with abili­ ty. Excellent fringe benefits Call i Personnel Officer, Bexar County 
National Bank 227-3292 Ext 234 
Equal opportuity eplover 
Receptionist, type SOwpm. Coll 
Gwen 
492-2146 
Affiliated 
Aggregate_______________ 
SEC R ET A R Y , General office, fee reimbursed Econ-O-Resources, 
42o4 Gardendale, 699 1o15. 

GENERAL OFFICE 

Bilingual 
Some fo'lection experience filing, typing. Profit shoring, paid vacation and holidays. 
Good wording conditions 

A pply In Person O nly 
Penner s Inc. 
311 W. Commerce 

No Phone Calls, Please. 

S E C R E T A R Y 
Interesting position for copable secretary os head of a sm all school office Duties include typ­ i n g from dictaphone tapes (no shorthand), tiling and maintain­ ing academic records Benefits 
Call 
655-7721. ext 
33 tor appointment. 
__________ 
Secretary needed with knowledge of claims handling 653-1 114m 
See our H O U S E S P O U S E ad under 6o2-Employment Sales. 

TELEPHONE COLLECTOR 
Collection age ncy needs experienced telephone collector. 
No outside calls. Must hove credit or collection background. 4o hour week, excellent salary and bonus. 
Call 734-7171 R . Goforth. A C ­ 
COUNT S E R V IC E S 

S14 SKILLS - TRADES 

SEAMSTRESS 
FITTER 
EXPERIENCED 

Permanent position, all benefits including pro­ fit sharing. 
Pleasant surroundings, liberal employee discounts, hrs. 
9:3o o.m.-5:3o p.m., 5-day week, no nights. 

Call or a p p ly in person 

Mrs. Schneider 
Julian Gold, Inc. 

8 2 4 -2 4 9 3 
4 1 o 9 M cCullough 

TRUCK MECHANIC 
CERTIFICATION PREFERRED 

ALSO NEED TRIM 
MECHANIC 

EXPERIENCED PREFERRED 

M A N Y C O M P A N Y BENEFITS: 

 ic UNIFORM ALLOWANCE ic HOSPITALIZATION INSURANCE 
★ 5 DAY WORK WEEK 

CONTACT: B R Y A N BAILEY 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
9 8 o o SA N PEDRO 
341 -5571 

RAY ELLISON HOMES, INC. 
NEEDS SUB-CONTRACTORS 

Fram ers, landscapers (grading) and foundations flat 

 work 

M u st have experience and w illing to w ork in Sa n An tonio a re a (Bexar County). 

A lso m ust be w illing to furnish ow n w orkm ens co m ­ pensation and general liability insurance. 

Contact: W ayne Effenberger 
5 1 2 -3 4 9 -1 1 1 1 EXT. 328 
8 A . M . -5 P .M . M o n d a y thru F rid a y 

NORTH PARK UNCOtN MERCURY 
92o7 SAN PEDRO 
3 4 1 - 8 8 4 1 

Automobile, air conditioning technician, must have ex­ 

 perience with Ford and lincoln Mercury o/c systems, top 

 wages, excellent working conditions, fringe benefits, 5 doy 

SH stilts HUMS B H . Slims. trades 

A SSIST A N T 
P R O D U C T IO N 
M A N A G E R 

For ladies Sportswear Wont 

Family ceration seeking o self motivating individual with a thorough knowledge of garment brook-flown, machinery, production flow 
Must be able to instruct operators and floor personnel 
This is o challenging and rewording opportunity for the right individual 
Contact Manager 
227 lone Star Blvd. 
Son Antonio, TX 782o4 
226-5526 

616 FOGO DRINK SERVICES 

San A ntonio EX P R E S S -N E W S — 
S a turd a y April 9 1 9 7 7 

616 - food m i m r n ^ 

P age 
I I -F 

62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELUMS 

I HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
I 
★ 

★ 

★ 

P R O D U C T IO N 
M A N A G E R 
R e lo c a te 
Textile sewing operation in loredo, 
Texas is looking for on ex penenced production manager to assist the point monoger in all phases of sewing operation 
* Excellent storting solory 
* Benefits 
Reply to: 
E X P R E S S - N E W S 
B O X 4 5 2 9 
Son Antonio, TX 78297 
Equol Opportunity Employer 

L 

ROYAL OAKS INN 
N O W H IR IN G 
CASHIER 

AM-PM WAITERS-WA5TRESS 
AM BUS BOYS 
Please ap p ly in person 3 - 5 
OAK HULS MOTOR INN 
DINING ROOM 
74o1 W U R Z B A C H 

F R A M IN G C A R P E N T E R S Need ed. No less thon s yrs ext) Apply 
3ooo NW Industrial Or. or coll 
484 76oo between 4 3o-5 OC pm 

FRAMING SUB­ 
CONTRACTOR CREWS 

Needed by large builder. 
Steady work Good woges. 
Call 656-2112 or 6S3-61oo 

F U L L T IM E B A R B E R needed at 
815 S St M arys St 

 week. 

MORTGAGE CLERK 
TRAINEE & 
SECRETARY 

 for local mortgage company 
Salary open apply at 
Alamo Investment Co. 
6851 Citizens Parkway 

D RU G C LER K , must be healthy. ap p ly in person. T h u rsd a y , 
Friday and Monday after 6 pm. 
No phone colls. Stor Drug Store. 
125o Highland Blvd._____________ 
Floral Designer, permanent posi­ tion, reoly in own handwriting, resume of experience and when available. All inquires will be strictly confidential. Reply to Ex­ press News Box 4423, 78297. 

Want local C ollege Student 
Clerk-Typist, bookkeeping exp. helpful. No Smoking, good pay. 
F IS H E R ’S, 145o NE Loop 41o 

612-MBHRAL 

D IE T A R Y A ID 
A N D M A ID 

Apply at C arriage Square 
Nursing Home, 8o2o Blanco 
Rd. 

E X P E R I E N C E D 
M E D IC A L 
T R A N S C R IB E R N E E D E D IM 
M E D IA T E L Y . Medical Records 
Dept, in Dimmit County Memorial 
Hospital, Carrizo Springs, Texos 
78834. Contact Personnel Office. 
(512)876-2424. Collect. 
_____ 

Call or apply in person to 
Ray Dix, Shop Foreman. 

GARDENER 
Vino Rosa Hospital has an im medate opening tor a gardener. 
Apply to the Personnel Office, 
SUS Medical Dr 228 2634. Eauol 
Opportunity Employer. 

FRONTIER 
ENTERPRISES 
DINNER HOUSE 
DIVISION 

 is Accepting 
Applications For 

• bos* 
• Hostesses 

• Busboys 
• Busgirls 

• Waiters 
• Waitresses 

• Bartender (Must be 18 or 

 older) 

A p ply in Person 
M o n d ay-F rid ay 
8:3o am -4 :o o pm 
852o Crownhill Blvd. 

 rn w * - w w 
- W WW W- 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX 
Family Restaurants 

Abound with opportunities for 

 vhotp individuals seeking full or 

 port time positions. 
Flexible hours, good storting poy, 

 perfotmome raises 
Compony 

 po>d benefits include 

 hospitalization and vocations 

Greot growth potential 

Apply in Person 2-5 p rn. at 12o2 Austin Hwy. 
No Phone Colls Pleas? 

{qual Opportunity Employer 

BOYS GIRLS ADULTS 

M a k e your spare tim e p a y off 
$ 5 o -$ 2 5 o mo. D eliver the San 
A ntonio N e w s for an hour or tw o per d ay. 

Chance to earn e x tra m oney. 
W in prizes m ovie p a sse s tickets for local events Trips etc. 

Carriers needed in 
SA C area. 
A lso 
N orthside, 
V a n d iv e r 
4 1 o 
Eisenhauer-Tuxedo 
Basse 
Rd., 
Blanco Rd. 

For further info call 2 2 5 -7 4 1 I 
Ext. I 21 be tw een 8 a m -5 pm 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

 ll 
I 
II 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS ic SINGLE NEEDLE OPERATORS 
★ SERGERS AND SAFETY STITCHERS 
★ BIINDSTITCHERS 
★ FINISHING DEPARTMENT PERSONNEL 
★ SUPPLY CLERK 
★ SPREADERS AND BUNDLE GIRLS 
M ust be Experienced 
CMT CORP. 
227 Lone Star Blvd. 
2 2 6 -5 5 2 6 

Hairdresser needed Camp Bulbs 
Beauty Salon, IH IO and Como 
Bulbs Rd 
Days 698 2952, eves 
1-755-4663 
H A IR D R E S S E R , experienced, guaranteed plus commission, 271o 
Culebra, corner of N . General 
McMullen 
Call 
Mrs. 
Rios, 
432-9741 

HAIRDRESSERS 

 plus good working cdnditions at 
H E A D H U N T E R S 2522 Nacog doches Rd 826-7278 

HAIRDRESSER 
Immediate open.ng in Northside family haircutting shop 656-3844, ask for Joe 

■ll 
I 

II 
I 

H air stylist with nail sculpture experience 
Guaranteed solory. 
349-2418 
IN D E P E N D E N T C A R P E N T E R S needed for low value home build ing ond rem odeling M u st be bilingual and proficient in all phases of home building Call 
Beriee Lumber Co 417 El Paso St 
226-8861 
Journeyman Carpenters needed 
I Apply in person 515o DeZavalo Rd 

General Insurance agency, ex­ perience necessary, one-girl of­ fice Girl Friday. Agents license preferred. All correspondence kept confidential. Send brief re­ sume and desired salary to: Jon 
Walker, PO Box 11972, Phoenix 
AZ 85o61 
General office including accounts receivable ond payable exper­ ience, Lite typing, IO key, N.E. 
Location. Send hand written re­ sume to Express-News Box 4533, 
78297 

GENERAL OFFICE 
Telephone experience, bilingual, lake orders, file, sa l a r y open Call 
Root 
Candle 
Co. 
For appt. 
223-294o. 
______ _ 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E WORK 
Experience in posting, accounts receivable accounts payable, general ledger, etc. required. Ap­ ply in person at 2322 Blanco Rd. 
736-4285 
_________ 
Girl Friday for small office. Type accurate, some shorthand, bilin­ gual, attractive 25-35, single preferred. 
For interview call 
349-8492 
L A C K L A N D A R EA -Port time of­ fice help automobile insurance office. Interesting work requiring considerable intelligence. Flexi­ ble hours. Please apply in person. 
G EIC O Insurance Co 54o6 MIH- tory Dr W e s t _________________ 

Histology Technologist positions available. For Information write 
H.R. Pascoe, M.D., Presbyterian 
Hospital 82oo Walnut Hill Lane, 
Dallas, Texas, 75231. 

M A IN T E N A N C E 
FO R E M A N ll 
CARPENTER SH O P 
FO R EM A N 

Position requires at least IO years experience os o carpenter, 3 years of which must hove been in a supervisory position involving new construction remodeling, esti­ mating, etc. Solory SI,ooo o month. 
Contact Personnel Office 

S A N A N T O N IO 
STATE H O SPITAL 
5 3 2 -8 8 1 1 

Equal Opportunity Affirmative 
Action Employer 

LPT-Full time. Re-hab setting for handicapped children. Coordinate 
PT services. Vacation and sick leave, salary commensurate with experience. Call 923-75o3, ask for 
Mrs. Rine. 
LVN Director of nurses for nurs- ing home. M rs Holmes 924-5533. 
LVN-Evem ng shift 11-7, center for handicapped children Paid sick leave, vacation, medical insur­ ance available. Salary commen­ surate with experience. Coll 
923-75o3, ask for Mrs. Rine.______ 

LVN 
7-3, 11-7. Full time tor nursing home, relief all shifts 924-5533. 
LVN, 11-7, full time and relief. Call 
699-9974, 9 OBI-1 pm______________ 
LVN N U R S E S A ID E S N E E D E D 
All shifts, 3-11, 11-7, 7-3. Apply In person at St. Benedict Hospital and Nursing Home South Alamo at Johnson, 222-o17) Equol Op­ portunity E m p lo ye r^ ___________ 
L V N position open, 3-11 shift, benefits. B R O A D W A Y LO D G E , 
824-5326 822-o391__________ 
LVNs, RNs, A ID E S 
Oak Hills Care Center, 73o2 Oak 
Manor Dr., 344-8537 _____________ 

EXPERIENCED 

TRUCK DRIVERS 
Apply in person 
TOUSLEY 
LUMBER CO. 
981 O BALL ST. 
655-o841 

★ DISPATCHER ★ 

EXPERIENCED IN DISPATCHING W ORK ORDERS 
TO MECHANICAL PERSONS. KNOWLEDGEABLE OF 
CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH 
MAINTENANCE 
PRO­ 
CEDURE. 
’AGGRESSIVE 
GOOD W O R K IN G CON­ 
DITIONS AND PAY FOR RIGHT PERSON. 
A SK FOR D.VV. PATTON 
JACK RIEGER 
CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 
58 oo S A N PEDRO 
732-821 I 

Large Northwest aoortment com­ plex needs experienced matnten- once mon, must have own tools, 
49o9 Woodstone Dr Coll 69o-183o for appointment. 

(The Bast Pizza in Town (Honest! 

San Antonio’s 
Pizza Restaurant 

Is looking for I 
Aggressive Manager 
Trainee 

Who is looking for outstanding 

 opportunity 
Start J ? SO hour, 

4o hour week, life ond Medkol 

 insurance ond yeorfy paid 

 vocation 
Applicants must be 

 well groomed, mature ond 

 available to work Full Time 

Apply in person at 
8783 Wurzboch 

Between 2 & 4 p.m. 

BROILER 
COOK 

Part time for evening hours 

Call Mrs. Neiman 
Between 9:3o-5:3o 
Tuesday-Saturday 

4 9 2 -1 o 6 3 

(Must hove own transportation) 

♦pay. 
Apply in person 

5 EXP CASHIER $ 
*For evening work, 4- 
♦ permanent job, good^ 

* 
* 
* 
♦ 
* 
+ 
* 
* 

$$ STUDENTS $$ 

W o rk after school and Satu rday in a route-b uilding p rogram for 
San 
A n to n io ’s faste st gro w in g new spaper. 

 lf you are be tw een the a g e s of 
13 -1 7 and w illin g to w ork hard a fe w hours each d a y w e can teach you to earn up to $ 5 o w e e kly! 
Interested ? Call Pete 
826-6878 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Naples Restaurant 

321o Broadway 
Closed Monday 

Lice nsed a irc ra ft m echanic wanted Light aircraft experience reauired. 
Contact M r Crosby. 
433-7751. 
Maintenance Supervisor versatile in all forms of ground and struc­ tural maintenance and be able to supervise maintenance crew Old 
Spansh Missions 532-3154. 
Maintenance Supervisor versatile in all forms of ground and struc­ tural maintenance ond be able to supervise maintenance crew. Old 
Spansh Missions 532-3154 
M A N IC U R IST wanted tor salon in 
Windcrest shopping center, must be experienced and attractive. 
Phone 653-1447 
M AN OR WOMAN, mechanically inclined for interesting position. 
Sales experience helpful, and you may double your present income if you qualify. Call for appoint­ ment 227-o18o 
M E C H A N IC , experienced lawn­ mower m echanic needed, only experienced need apply. 732-9641 or 341-6735. Ask for owner. 

WAITER PERSONS 
RUS HELP 
You must be qualified to give pro­ fessional service ond be able to work preferably bv day You ton really moke good money here! 
Apply only to Richard Spencer or lorry Martin between the hours of 

9 3o )1 3o, 
2 3o 5 3o of 
618o 
Wurzboch. 684 8451 

 b illa rd Fill inure 
Grammar .School 
(JrCiTille 

Part time waitress $1 75 + tips 
751o Bandera 684 644S__________ 
R E L IE F H O S T E S S AN O W AI 
TRESS, 7-3 shift, apply in person, 
Patio Coffee Shop, Sheraton inn, 
14oo Austin Hwy 
Relocating in Houston? Troin in 
Son Antonio- work in Houston. 
Full responsibilities for office in large restaurant. Attention to de­ tail, accuracy and pleasant tele­ phone personality essential. Must jj be bondable, send resume to Ex , press News Box 4424. 78297 

EXTRA CASH 
$2oo.oo to $3oo.oo Per 
Month 
Express Apt. Routes 2 to 3 Hrs. Ea. M orning 
DATAPO INT & G ARDEN DA LE 
For Information Coil 
22 5 -7 4 1 1 Ext. 126 
— 9 A .M . to 5 P.M . 
A fte r 5 P.M . Call 6 9 9 -1 6 3 3 or 
6 5 3 -3 6 2 4 
A n {q u a l O p p o r tu n it y E m p lo y e r 

I Short order cooks wanted, full or part time openings, sta r tin g salary $2.3o per hour. Apply at 
Oscar's Taco House, 7o5 Barrett 
Szechuen Chinese Restaurant, 
Chef rook, $2oo per week, good benefits, Wed Sun 4o hrs week, 5 days. 653-4142 
W AITERS, profession! only, up to 
$35o a week, apply 9-1o am, 1o39 
Northeast Loop 4io._____________ 
W A IT R E S S C A S H IE R , e x p e r­ ienced tor evening work, hours 
5pm-12. Salary $2.3o per hour, pleasant working conditions, ap­ ply a1 once, B O W L E R A M A 
LINES. 4719 Blanco Rd 
_____ 

M EC H A N IC 
Exp e rien ced all p hases, own tools, San Pedro Service Center 
341-1771 
Need at once, experienced glee tricot helpers with two or three j years house wiring experience 
FOSS 
E L EC T R IC , 
9o1o 
Aero, I 
824-2358. 

Austin Bridge Company, an Equal Opportunity Employer has immediate opening in the Houston Area ond sur­ 

 rounding areas. 
♦ U T ILIT Y E S T IM A T O R 
* C O N S T R U C T IO N E N G IN E E R 
* IN S T R U M E N T M A N 
★ E X C A V A T IO N F O R E M A N 
♦ C O N C R E T E P A V IN G F O R E M A N 
★ H E A V Y E Q U IP M E N T O P E R A T O R S 
♦ C A R P E N T E R S 
+ D U M P T R U C K D R IV E R S 
* C O N C R E T E P A V IN G F O R M SET T E R S A N D 
F IN IS H E R S 
CALL: 713-96o-912o 
HOUSTON, TEXAS 

Medical assistant in downtown office, call 654-6972 for Interview. 

M A T U R E, E X P E R IE N C E D 
B O O K K E E P E R T Y P IS T tor small organization downtown. 
Double entry hand bookkeeping for ranching, oil and gas opera­ tor 227-312o 
________ _ 
M E D IC A R E -M E D IC A D E IN SU R ­ 
AN C E C L E R K , experienced ho­ spital insurance billing clerk, orefer m edicare and medlcade experience. Monday-Friday, good benefits, call Mrs. Hill at 736-2211 for appt 
_____________ 
National Electrical firm wants clerk to learn invoicing, data ter­ m inal operation and auditing 
H igh school degree or G E B required, typing ond IO key ex­ perience necessary, previous bu­ siness experience desired. Excel­ lent benefits. Call Mr. Eobnetl 
224-1o81 8:3o to 5. Equal Oppor- tuntty Employer.___________ 

MEDICAL DENTAL 
Positions available-many areas 
OR P E R SO N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D EN T A L Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 

MEDICXl RECEPTIONIST 
AND 
MEDICAL ASSISTANT 

Needed for doctor's office 
M U ST B E E X P E R IE N C E D 

SURGICAL ASSOC 
8o9 N IX BLDG 
224-4861 

EXPERIENCED 
LUMBER 

• Yard Men 
• Drivers 

Apply In Person 
5oo Seguin Rd. 

DITTMAR 
LUMBER 

FENCE 
CREW 

EXPERIENCED 
653-135o 

» • • • • • < 

CARPENTERS 
Residential Construction 
349-3544 

M E D IC A L T R A N S C R IB E R posi 
Non available in Northside group practice Exp e rien ce a must, solory open. Call Mrs. Ervin at 
69o-91o5 tor confidential interview 
M E D TECH immediate opening tor full time with experience in 
X-Ray ond EKG. Call 341 6794 for interview and appointment______ 

Need locol college student book­ keeper, partim e, no sm oking, pood pay, F IS H E R 'S , 145o NE 
Loop 41o_____________ 
Northside Girl Friday for busy travel agency, heavy typing, dic­ taphone, telephone contact. Must be able to work on own without supervision Start $575, many benefits Send resume to Manager 
PQ Box 32366 Son Antonio 78216 
O F F IC E 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
S E C R E T A R Y for professional office, 4o hour week, Monday- 
Friday, all fringe benefits, must hove o few years of college with some b ehavioral Science and ability lo deal reassuringly with public. Reply in confidence to the 
E xpress News Box No. 4528, 78297 , 
,.S( s doy week, o<f 
P A R T T IM E B O O K K E E P E R 5 weekends, ask for Muriel Merrit, days a week, 3 yrs experience full 736-3177. 
____________________ posting. 824-4591 

R.N. 
7-3 
All fringe benefits 
Golden Manor 736-4544 
RN Charge Position, full time or part time, 3-11 shift. Good pay benefits. Apply in person to Ms. 
Atlee, Director ot N ursing Ser­ vices - San Pedro Manor 616 W 
Russell 732-5181.________________ 

PARTTIME 

We need on office lady, experienced in typinfl and filing. 
Call M rs. M anny 
Sunset Memorial 
Funeral Chapel 
828-2811 

R H S N E E D E D 
ICU-CHARGE 
Nursefinders 226-6333 
I San Antonio Health Se rv ice s 
Placements. Inc., 84 N.E. Loop 
| 41o. Suite 131E, 349-4313_________ 

X R A Y T E C H N IC IA N tor Or s clinic, excellent hours and pay, pension fund, available now. 
226-o691.________________________ 

SANTONE INDUSTRIES w ill train a few 
SEWING MACHINE 
OPERATORS 
Who are interested in permanent work 
* Good Compony Benefits 
A p p ly In P e rso n 
SANTONE INDUSTRIES 
6 8 1 8 S, Z a r z a m o r a lq«oi Opportunity Imp*®)" 

6 C A R P E N T E R S . IO H elpers, large contract, carpenters must have experience, coll from 9-S, 
124-6234 

TRUCK DRIVERS 
WANTED h*m!u a n n coMUMr „ ■« 
,< 
IPW PKpptiunp! lint aa* awane track 4mart, aipwiencwl in rant. kavUitf oparaliani. applenut* awat poi aaa* aa taco! taal 4mm% rwacj oaf wack record and trull worthy. It you 

 paid yacatiaat, tick kayo, katpttai pion. lap salary wad 
[ us u als arf am mu mu actory, tor turhtor Morim tap* and upptwatiaut. 
( M i d: 
B u n HOHMANN 
OS TIM MASSK 
Doily from 8AM-5PM 
O R C O M f B Y 
H A R R IL L C A TT LE C O 
H W Y 9 o A 
G O N Z A L E S , T E X A S 

AUTO PAINT PREP 
Sanders and clean up laberers-if you're energetic end experienced start at S3.OO hour ond eniov working for a friendly company with advancemnet opportunity. 
Call tor on appointment with; 
Classic Coochworks Corp 
114o7 San Pedro-344 2o15 
B A R B E R Good steady lob Apply 
821 Bandera Rd 
Barber Las Palmas Barber Shop 
Los Palmas Shopping Center.____ 
B EA U TIC IA N full time Callaoh- on Rd salon, 684-1344, 684-2441 
B E A U T IC IA N needed, muat be experienced, M AN OR WOMAN, 
658-6187________________________ 
Beauty Operator* witn following preferred, but n=i necessary, tor 
©{••J'V. J * * * new NE 
655 687o 

C A R P E N T E R S wonted, exper ienced in remodeling, apply at 
2225 Blanco Rd. and Flores. 
Com m ercial Refrigeration ond air commoning service men need­ ed for full time emplovement, I good benefits and top pay for ag gressive qualified people, only qualified need apply. Reply to 
Express-News Box 7796, 78297 
COTTAGE P L U M B E R S 
$7.5o per hour. Call between 
4.3o-5:3o, 661-6741______________ J 
C O IN T E R H E L P 
E xp e rie n ce in m a rk in g ond checking, hours l-6pm Mon-Fri. j 
Culpepper Cleaners 221$ N. Zar- zomora 684 2231 
; 

En. Carpet layer 
ACE FLOOR Covering 
_______ 5615 SAN P E D R O 
EXP. C R A N E ' 
O PER A T O R 
For forge conventional truck cranes. Permanent position must be able to work out of town if required. Apply at 829 Nogalitos, 
225-6561.________________________ 
Experienced carpenter rough i and finish work. Call after 6om 
I 732-68o7.________________________ 
Experienced Oog Groomer need- ed. Coll 494-6141 8-5 Tues -Sat. 
Experienced painters need to work in the Northwest area. Call 
; day* at 653-475*. 
_____________ 

NIGHT STO CKERS- experienced in hard lines, foods and soft lines. 
M O R N IN G P A C K A G E R WO rehouse Experienced in receiving 
I ond forklift operation. Apply in person O N LY 2643 NW LOOP 41o, 1 i FEDM art, An eaual onportnuntiy 
Employer______________________ 
I O pportunity for experienced 
Electric Signs Service person. 
Wage ooen, frienge benefits. Call 
444-2343 in Austin_______________ 
P R E CAST C O N C R ET E SU P E R 
I IN T E N D E N T must be ex p e r­ ienced. 684-4744. Ron Macon Con- 
; struction Co. ______ _ 
R E F R IG E R A T IO N A IR Condi­ t io n in g 
R e p air 
• 
Se rv ice 
!8am-4:3opyv top position. Koel- whit A ir C on d ition ing 331o 
Copeland 222-o386 
Service Station Attendant 
Must be Experienced 
SIB Austin Hwy.. 826 o142 
Sewing Machine Operators 
Experienced Only 
Radio Cap Co., 311 Third Si 

SUB CONTRACTO RS 
N E E D E D 

Fram ers, Trim Carpenters, 
Yardmen, Wall paper. Rough and Final Clean 
C A LL 659-o37o 
It No Answer 659-o391 

S U P P L Y C L E R K needed, CM T 
Corp, 227 Lon Star Blvd. 226-5S26 
THE T EX A S A R M Y N ATIO N A L 
GU ARD HAS O P EN IN S FOR: 
COOKS... M E C H AN ICS. C O M ­ 
M U N IC A T IO N S ..^ I R E D IR E C ­ 
TION P E R S O N N E L . C L E R KS- 
...C ANN O NEER. TRUCK 
DRIVERS...FIN AN CE 
S P E C IA L IS T S 
One weekend per month and two weeks in summer. 512-227-7351 
Transportation Security Officer - requires law enforcement back­ ground, bilingual. Starting salary 
58oo per month, com pany car. 
Requires travel 3-4 days through­ out South Texas. Send resume to 
Express News Box 4388, 78297 

W A IT R ESSES, opply in person at 
Billy 
RS, 
NO. 
198, 68o2 
NW 
Expressway. 
EXPERIENCED 
PART TIME 
WAITERS 

For gourmef end flame foods 

Coil Mrs. Neiman 

B e t w e e n 9 : 3 o - 5 : 3 o 

T u e s d a y -S a tu r d a y 

4 9 2 -1 o 6 3 

(Must have own transportation) 

••WAITRESS*# 
KA R A M 5 121 N. Zorzomora 
W ILL TRAIN W A IT R ESS 
TOWNE P U M P 223-o4o7 

Woman Kitchen mortar 
Korom s West 121 N. Zorzomoro 

62o Help Warned 
Miscellaneous 

J TELEPHONE SOLICITORS pl 

^ 
W ILL T R A IN 
£ a 

I 
£ ii 

& 
X 9 j B ] B X s T « r a s X S X S K 

N e e d e d Im m e d iate ly 

G o o d Sala ry + bonus 

A p p l y In P e r s o n 9 - 1 1 a .m . 
1 1 5 1 4 Jones M a ltsb e rge r 
341-6214 

 i t i r i r 'k 'i r i r i f k i r i r i t i r i r k 
I CONEY ISLAND » 

^ Is accepting applications for 
♦ • Counter Help (man or 

N e e d 2 
Truck 
Slop 
Attaadcmts- 
Service Men, night shift, 5- doy week, mature, witling worker, permanent job- 
Texaco 
Truck 
Center-Gas ond Eat Truck Stop. Start 
$66o month. 
Alt 
Ap­ plications ta A. J. Ploch Oil 
Co., 5747 Dietrich Bd. 6-5 pm daily tor interview. 
No phone calls please. 

Convenience Store Management 
Choice of career plans and locations 
Shift arrangement or contract for salary and commission 
★ PAID VACATION 
★ FREE INSURANCE 
★ BONUS PLAN 
ACCOUNTING CLERKS ALSO NEEDED 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3 o o W . Jones A ve. 
Interviews I -4 p.m. weekdays 

* 
* 
* 
♦ 
* 
* 
J 
» 
: * 

 woman) e Busboys 
• Busgirls. 

Apply in Person only 

22S N. St. M arys 
See Don Hudspeth 
(No phone colls please) 

A BIG SSS INCO M E 
No exp. nee. Free prof. training, be a masseuse. 657-3724 

S5Go A MONTH 
Driver with van needed tor Tues­ day ond or Wednesday delivery. 
349-4879. 

CLUB M IR A G E 
O PEN IN G SOON 
Needs experienced 
A sst. 
Manager, Bartender and attrac­ tive waitresses. Located on Finn 
Rd (Old Fabulous Fifties Club) 
COH 675-o424 or 674-8295 12-1opm 
Cooks and Waitresses, shifts 3-11 ond 11-7. Apply in person Tex 
Mart No 5, 11575 IHIo West 
EV EN IN G SHIFT 
FOOD S E R V E R 
P A N T R Y PER SO N 
PART T IM E COOK 
Bayous Seafood A Spirits 
2617 Wagon Wheel 
828-3726 

SEWING MACHINE 
MECHANIC 

Needed by large progressive locol firm. 
• No relocation 
• Excellent company benefits 
Apply in person 
SANTONE INDUSTRIES 
6818 S. Zarzamora 

I GV arf Oyeartuatty iatyiayaa 

TRUCK DRIVERS 
WAREHOUSE HELP 
Needed. C om m e rclo l license necessory. Apply : 
R A M S P LU M B IN G 
HOI BRO ADW AY 

TRUCK DRIVER AXLE 
633-o99)____________ 
W anted tor im m ediate em- plovment motor grader operator, dozer operators, scraper opera­ tors, bridge carpenters, ond fin tshers. Call S A. phone 621-2141 
7 3o-5.3o eaual opportunity employer. 
____________ 

EXPERIENCED COOK 
Downtown, 5 d ays per week, days, permanent position, 
225-4So3. 
•_______ 
E aperienced Boriendress-W oi tress, Fiddler's Green, 56oo Wal- zem Rd. Apply In person between 
1 t<M ***-9*38. 
Experienced Waitresses, apply in person, P A ESA N O S Restaurant, 
17)5 McCullough otter 2 pm. 

A P A R T M EN T M A N A G E R 
Need middle aged couple, exper­ ienced in meeting the public. Wife mc,nog* and husband assist in hts spore time, 2 bedroom apartment, utilities ond salary. Coll Fri-Sat- ond Mon., *um-5pm, 734-5443 

APARTMENT MANAGER 
For sm all (4o Unit) complex. 
M o iorlty of residents m usted m ilitary personnel. C A N YO U 
W IN 
F R IE N D S 
A N O 
IN ­ 
F LU EN C E P E O P L E ? I Bedroom apt., salary, and bonus. Age over 
25 only; morried, no small chil­ dren. Mr. Porker, 223-2oo7. 
A P P O IN T M E N T S S E T T E R S , must be experienced with local references. H R S . 12 3o-1:3o 
MON-FRI, good solcry. See W IL­ 
M A at 3o1 Broadway, Suite 2oo, 
11-3 or J-o, or call 225-5213. 
A P T M A N A G E R couple exp. necessary, adult luxury apt. In 
Oak Hills. Before noon. 142-4442. 

EXP. WAITRESS 
BR A N D IN G IRON 
63o North Star Moll 

 location. Call Nancy 

614-SKILLS-TMKS 
Air conditioning service man ex­ perienced rn chill water and com­ mercial system s Salary open, paid vacation, holidays ond in­ centive bonuses 341-1467 
______ 

Receptionist-Tvpist 8 A M -1PM. 
2o1 E Olmos. Coll Mrs. Nelson, 
828-5671. 
Strauder Nelson Realty 
Receptionist bookkeeper- °_c5ur’ ote typing, knowledge of 1o-key, 
Southeast location 661-2323 

ALARM INSTALLER 
Must be able lo withstand com­ plete background check, have 
I basic electronic experience. J. 
HTA 734-7119 between 9 and 5. 
A S S IS T A N T S U P E R IN D E N - 
DENT, experienced only, quality residential builder, permanent, no lay-offs, Sitter!* Properties, 
494-34o1. ______________________ 
Automotive air conditioning in­ staller, some experience, own toots. Also need radio and acces­ sory installer 434-6311 ask tor 
Conrod 263o Cutebra 
______ 

Beauty Operators with following. 
Monique Coiffures 1846 Freder­ icksburg Rd. 734-7916 ask tor 
Eleanor________________________ 
Bindery worker with experience on paper cutie- table lop folder, collating, stapling, packaging, etc. Coll 824-9669________________ 

B R A K E A N D FRO NT EN D M E ­ 
CH A N IC , experience required, salary pius commission, compony benefits, apply in person al Kraft 
Firestone, 2o17 Universal Blvd., 
Universal City, TX 78148_________ 
Cabinet maker needed immedia­ tely, 3 yrs exp or more. Call 8 to 5 
Mon-Fri - 681-o2o2_______________ 

CABINETMAKER 
Or formica worker, good salary plus company benefits, only ex­ perienced need opply. 1218 N 
Hackberry or 225J262. ______ 

 ed Coll 494 6141 8 5 Tues Sat 
Experienced Truck M echanic ; needed for im med em plovm 
Ext. co. Benefits contact Service 
Mgr. Don Moldermon at Barrett 
Mack, Lufkin, Tx 713-639-2371 > days, nights or weekends 632-361o or 634-2669 
; 
Exp e rie n ce d carp e n te rs and helpers, coll ofter 4 at 732-55o9 
Experienced Web Offset p re ss­ man, new publication in South 
Texas. Must be willing to relocate. > 
Experience in plate area helpful. 
Send resume to Exp ress News 
Box 4325 Son Antonio 782*7______ 

EXPERIENCED SURVEY 
PARTY CHIEF 
Top wages and benefits 
N E E D NOW 1655-7223 
Experienced lawn sprinkler me­ chanic wanted, permanent posi­ tion Reply to Express News Box 
4326 Son Antonio 782*7_____ 

Experienced service station help needed, insurance and uniforms furnished. 
Mole or female, 
696-8926_________________________ 

EXP. PLUMBERS 
AND HELPERS 
826-2331 

EXP. WAREHOUSE MGR. 
IMMEDIATE OPENING 
Experience required in liquor, wines, variety, drugs or some type of multiple item warehous­ ing. Capable of supervising war­ ehouse crew , age over 3S preferred. M any company ben­ efits. Established local resident 
CAN YOU RUN 
A W A R E H O U S E ? 
H A V E YO U ? 
Apply D on's & Ben s 6oo3 West 
Ave. at I.ooo 41o, ask tor Wayne 
W yott' «K1 a____________________ 
FAST GRO W ING A IR L IN E 
Needs A ond P Mechontcs with 
Aire Starch, T P E 331 Engine experience. 
C om p any paid benefits Eaual Opportunity E m ­ ployer. Send resume to: 
MIO CONTINENT AIRPORT 
2o West Wichita, Konsas 672o9 
Or Coll 3)6-942-8321_____________ 
Fence w orkers, experienced, wood fences, if capable up to 545 per doy 349-25o8 or 494-747o. 
F LO R A L D E S IG N E R 
Experienced. Salary open Full or port time. Whenever available, you N A M E YOUR HOURS W ILL 
R E Q U IR E E X A M P L E S of your ability in design work before commitment. Dave’s *28-o597 

Warehause-Deltvsry 
Must be neat and clean rn ap ­ pearance local references- Apply in Person: 
O'Krent Floor Covering 
_________3oo Son Pedro_________ 
Wosher-Dryer Service mon. Paid move to Houston. Must be exper­ ienced, good opportunity tor the right man Excellent benefits, plenty of overtime, no layoffs Coll collect 713 78o 2333 

EXP WAITRESS 
NIGHT SHIFT 
Transportation Reauired 
Call Mrs. Lindsey 732 o56o 
SIEST A W A F F L E HOUSE 
E X P W A IT R ESS permanent, full time ond port time. Downtown, weekdays 225-65o3 

FORMAL 
COCKTAIL WAITRESS 
Apply in person only (no phone calls please) 
P atio Room , 
M E N G E R H OTEL 

ASST MANAGER 
Local northside convenience store has Immediate opening tor assistant manager. Must hava some cosh register experience. 
Polygraph exam reauired. All company benefits. Apply In per­ son 6oo1 West Ave. at Loop 41o, ask for Wayne Wyatt 
_____ 

WORKING COUPLE 
FOR 
EXECUTIVE CONFERENCE 
CENTER 

Executive conference center located near Kerrville, Texas, re­ quires woman ta prepare meals and do housekeeping ond man to care for stables ond maintain grounds, located on 12 acres with pool, tennis, stables, etc. 
Three quests houses, plus large main house 
Excellent salary ond benefits, pius housing. 
Pleose contact Phyllis Womer, 
(512) 828-8484, Ext. 68/. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

APARTMENT 
MANAGER 

For 7o unit com plex. 

M a rrie d , over 3o. No 

 children, no pets. 

349-8o65. 

INVENTORY 
HELP 
NEEDED 
I d a y o n ly 
S u n d a y , M a y 
1st 
Applications ore being taken in personnel dept., 2-4 p.m. 
M on Fri. 
Rhodes 
IOO North Star Mall 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

EXPERIENCED APT. 
HUSBAND and WIFE 
MANAGEMENT TEAM 

.Bilingual preferred to 
’manage out of town com 
Ipiex, for large manage­ ment firm. Salary, free lapt. ond fringe benefits. 
341-7181 

A SST . M G R . A N D L E A S IN G 
A G E N T S N E E D E D 
Love northside apt protects. Exp e r tented preferred. 
A P A R T M EN T JOBS OF S A 
828-9196 
Employment Consultants 

WELDERS 
Inn Warttr-Connecian 
Iron W orkers must be fam iliar with pre-cost concrete erection. 
Apply at 829 Nogalitos, 225-65*1. 
WILSON IN T ER N A T IO N A L 
84 NE LOOP 41o SU ITE 13oE 
512-349-1411 

FULL-PART TIME 
DAY AND MIGHT 
HELP WANTED opply In person only 
McOoRaM’s 
_______6967 SAN P ED R O _______ 
Holton Gordons, Waitress 4-1opm, 
5 days 2747 S WW While Rd 

 tit - FOOB-fllilHK SERVICES 
T T I H T 'T i m e T T T ^ h I n p r e p 
MAN is needed who can assume responsibility and desires lo od 
Vance with growing unique res­ taurant. Contact Mr. R ich ard 
Spencer or M r. J. D eim el of 
684-8451, M IL L A R D F IL L M O R E 
G R A M M A R 
SCHOOL 
ANO 
GRILLE 
B A R M A ID wanted, S2.5o hour, apply IO am-5 pm at 17621 Blanco, 
Monday-Friday 492-9o21 

LA D Y COOK 
Mex. F sod-Sandwiches 
TOWNE PUMP, 223-o4o7 
Corge Southside restouront needs mature, neat, aggressive woman tor management position. Exper­ ience must be in handling person­ nel and ability to take full com­ mand. Evening shift, S6oo per month. Send resume to Express 
News Box 4327 S A. 782*7________ work like a nicest club. 

Beeline 
226-23o3 

BM Poster Trainee 
4o hr week, must be able to climb 
Heights, 3714 N. PanAm Express way Coniocl hrs »am 4pm______ 
BU RG LAR A L A R M IN ST A L L E R needed immediately, only those with experience need apply. 
Salary depending on experience 
1 226-12*7. 
C A SH IE R H E L P . S2 3ohr. 2o"4o hrs. week (eves and wknds), Stop 
N Go. 2o4 E Rhapsody Dr_______ 

COMPANY EXPANSION 
Need 2o-2S trainees in the Son 
Antonio oroo. Ground floor op­ portunity in the air treatment field. No experience necessory. rapid advancement, compony training i ell years e* over 
•I yr residence in the Son Antonio area 
•Immediate openings 
•Neat personal appearance 
For interview coil Personnel, 
Mon-Fri. S JO-6pm 

J Z A alraluab J v i l n l r s b e J C 

 o * W OODSTOW N* 

7. 2 , Accepting application for IT 

 full tim« security guard. ^ 

 experienced preferred. 
655-4o1o or 

Look like a filly horse, sovfhsides 
923-977o 

3 4 2 -5 2 2 6 
D AY P O R TER 

BUS HELP 
Must be experienced ond neat in appearance Patio Room. Monger 
Hotel (no phone coils please) 
COOKS, needed ot^Billv R S No 
1*8. Apply in person ct 68o2 NW 
Expressway. 
DOOR HO STESS for restaurant, 
25 hours o week, 826-2371.______ 

LOCHEON WAITRESS 
Mon-Fri , must be fast, apply rn person The Blue Parrot Restour ant 8o1 N. Mom_________________ 
MR D U N O E R B A K 'S of Windsor 
Pork Mall is now interviewing applicants for part time eve nine gourmet soles position ideal for moture person seeking part time employment Apply in person 

Apply 337) Roosevelt______ 
D ISH W A SH E R , weekdays, Per- rn anent position. 224-4985 

Dog groo m e r need b ru sh e r- bather. Experience preferred, 
N.W or«o **8-22*8 
D R IV E R S needed for E aste r 
Holidays. $3 OOhr or commission, must have transportation, call 
***-o281 or 121*122 
Experienced telephone solicitors. 
Beautiful office Salary pius com mission. 716-7253 

* 
656-5474 * 
V 
A 
I 6 1 • 6 " in in L ~ ) k j F 

E X P E R IE N C E D Maintenance 
M on for apartm ent com plex, 
Must have own tools, tronspora- lion ond references 349 2222 
G O L D E N O P P O R T U N IT Y , For ambitious people. $11,*** part time. Appointment from resume early May, Write Express News 
Box 4524, 7929? Reply assured 

HIRING NOW 
No Experience Necessary for the appliance field. Company training avoiiabie for qualified applicants 
O PEN IN G 4 N EW O F F IC E S IN 
N E X T f M O NTH S Tremendous growth and income potential for right people Neat personal ap­ pearance, I* yrs old, I yr min- tmun residence in San Antonio. 
Flexible hours for students 
C A LL 342-5229 
HOLIDAY H E L P N E E D E D 
Students kids, etc needed to sell flowers during Easter holidays, 
SI o6 per hour or comm ission, transportation provided. ***-o291 or 92o-6822______________________ 
MOTEL C L E R K 
E ld e rly retired watchman-mamtenancc, salary plus room. M A N O R HOTEL, 12* 
P ECAN S T R E E T _____________ 

HQU8EPARENTS 
E xcellen t benefits ♦ s a la r y 
Live-in positions tor couples 
Rewarding work For interview appt coil M rs Ethms *S3-*7S2 

I L A D IE S N E E D E D . 3 H ours daily, 5 doy week, $75, Stoniev 
Home Products inc , 533 36oo 

LADIES PART TIME 
Interested in part tim e employment? Experience not es sentiat, wilt train. Automobile ana telephone necessary. Call for in terview 333-333o 
_____________ tiCrfHised Shampoo Girl 
126 *91) or 826-7512 ______ 
M aintenance m on wttn large apartment complex. Plum bing electrical and heating experienci- essential. Local refe re n ce s required. Apt turn. Apply It* 
Vanderheck 
M A S S E U S E N E E D E D C la ss 
Only P A R IS RU 8B. 927-299* 
Need extra money doing a fun toll or nave a tree to a d Can Tots* 
635-9451_________________________ 
N IG H T S E C U R IT Y O F F IC E R part time (non smoker pleose) apply 19-12 Hillside M anor H IO 
Gault Lane 829-o6o6 

Additional 
C la ssifie d on P a g e 8 D 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 9 1977