I l l Full Golot Poster 1 1 1 
The Amazing 

1 1 A Saga of Sailors and Sharks 1 1 
I U 
MORE I U 
Ordeal by Sea leane Dixon h 

■ lase Jkirt Sat I 
Sunday Magazine 
Th* Easy Way - Page SE 
Th* Easy Way-Page SE 
Predictions lor 1977 in the STAR 
SAN ANTONIO'S ONLY SUNDAY NEWSPAPER SERVED BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. THE WORLD'S GREATEST NEWS GATHERING ORGANIZATION 
FINAL 
___ 
THE SUNDAY 
F O R E C A S T 
H O M * : 
---------------------------------------- 
- 
354 

Sunday January 9 I 977 EXPRESS NEWS 

Cloudy, windy. High, low 3os. Low, lipper 

America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

■MHM 

V . 

Super Bowl XI 

G et ready to watch the b igg e st ga m e in p rofes­ sional football by reading the Exp re ss-N e w s super preview , including rosters, scouting reports plus the latest from Dan Cook, w ho is covering the 
Super Bow l X I exclusively for the Express-New s. 
H u la H o w l 
West 2o, East 17 

S e n io r H o w l 
North 27, South 24 
(S.A.’s Tommy Kramer was named MVP) 
INkltiils* Sot*!io u * 

Winter storm chills 

 r nTexas 

 w J 

Ice-slicked streets and high­ ways were predicted for San 
Antonio before dawn Sunday and a winter storm watch was issued by the 
National 
Weather Service. 

Winter storm warnings were issued for the Hill Country Saturday night as a turbulent cold front pushed aeross the state carrying freezing tem pera­ tures with it. 
T e m p e ra tu re s w ere expected to d ro p into th e m id-2os and snow 

 flurries w ere a possibility by late 
Sunday, or early Monday. 
Freezing rain or drizzle were fore­ cast for much of South Texas in the wake of the front’s passage. The fri­ gid air blast hit San Antonio about midnight Saturday. 
Bexar legislators discuss key issues 

By DICK MERKEL and BOB OCHOA 
EXPRESS N E W S CAPHCX BUREAU 

AUSTIN — Two items are capturing the eyes and ears of 
Bexar County’s delegation on the eve of convening of the both 
Texas Legislature. 

Although each of the delegation m embers has his or her own priority project, the two topics nearly all talk about are. 
• A new financing proposal for the state’s public education system. 
• Some form of state help in the finances for Bexar County s teaching hospital. 
In all. the Express-News was able to interview 12 of the 15 m em bers ol the Bexar County legislative delega­ tion. 

M o r e i n s i d e : 

Bexar solons’ stands over sick pay remain unclear 
3A 

Bexar delegates have filed 55 b ills ............................ 12A 

Each was asked three questions. 
• “ What do you feel are the major issues facing the entire Legislature during this next session?" 
• "What legislation proposed, or to he proposed, do you feel is most im ­ portant to Bexar County ?” 
• And finally, "What do you plan as your priority piece of legislation in this session?" 
With the exception of three repre­ sentatives who were unavailable at deadline — Reps, .loc L. Hernandez. 
Congress plans to push jobs 

WASHINGTON (AP) — Congress wants to aet us soon as possible to expand two job-creating programs which have high priority for P r e ­ sident-elect C arter. Action could come in early spring, congressional sources say 
( a r te r also has en c o u rag e d in ­ dividual members of Congress to go ahead with plans for expanding other programs, such as a year-round con­ servation corps 
The House Democratic leadership has agreed to push for quick expan­ sion of the public works jobs pro- 

T n o - y e a r p e r i o d is hey lo 
('.arter e c o n o m i c p r o p o s a l , r o^e 2 I 

 gram. which currently has $2 billion worth of projects already funded and has a backlog of $22 billion of addi­ tional project requests. 
At bis news conference F rid a y , 
Curler said he was proposing to add 
$4 billion worth of public works jobs during the next two years. I his is designated to create HOU,OOO jobs, directly and indirectly, during the two years. 
The second job-creating program that ( arter and Congress want to ex­ pand is the C o m p re h en siv e E m ­ ployment and Training Act. which currently subsidizes about 31o,ooo 

 public service jobs. 
The ( ETA expires ut the end of 
September. Carter is expected to ask for another $1.7 billion to $2 billion for an additional 2oo,ooo public ser­ vice jobs in a one-year extension of tilt* program. 
C a rter and key c o n g re ssio n a l 
Democrats have agreed on a $3o bil­ lion. two-year program to stimulate the economy. It includes tax cuts and one-time tux rebates of up to $2oo for individuals. 

The proposals also include an ad­ ditional $5 billion to $K billion iii federal spending aimed at creation of jobs and the $4 billion more for public works projects. 
One proposal in C o n g ress is a comprehensive government planning and full employment program known as th e H um phrcy-llaw k ins b ill, sponsored by 
Sen. 
H u b ert ll. 
H um p h rey , D-M inn., and 
R ep. 
Augustus F. Hawkins, D-Calif. 
The concept was e n d o rse d by 
C a rte r late in the p re s id e n tia l primaries lint he gave the bill his full endorsem ent only after the House 
E ducation and L abor C o m m itte e revised it along his recommendations to lower the three-year goal of unemployment. As it now stands, the goal would he 3 |H*r cent adult unem ­ ployment within four years. 

Lone Nolle Sutton and Mutt Garcia — here are their views. 
RON BIRD: 
‘‘I see th e m a jo r issues as energy and sch ool financ­ ing. Financing public education has always been a m ajor problem. 
‘‘If we don’t come up with an equi­ table program of education financing 
— and do away with or revise the ad valorem tax situation — we are going to have a continuing problem into the next decade. 
‘‘T h ere are two bills now in the hopper affecting ta x p ay e rs in the sta te 's hospital d istricts including our own Bexar County district. 
"One would provide state funds to pay hospital districts for handling out-of-county patien ts. T he other would have the state pay for the cost of medical teaching done by the dis­ tricts whose hospitals a re support institutions for state medical schools. 

"Both, if passed, will offer concrete relief for the already over burdened ad valorem taxpayers in the hospital districts. 
"I also plan to support a bill giving county commissioners courts limited ordinance making powers on a local option basis. 
"Such power, if the people of the county want it. would allow com mis­ sio n e rs to set zoning reg u la tio n s within the county. I think this is par­ ticularly important to Bexar County for additional control over the E d­ wards Aquifer and around Mitchell 
Lake. 
"Finally, it I had to pick a priority right now. it would be my bill to re­ vam p the s tr u c tu re of the T exas 
Water Quality Board, 
"T im e and again, under the pre­ sent structure, the TWQB has done 

Inside the Express-News 

I 

Action E xp ress........................ HA 
A rts....................................... 6-811 
Business.............................Section G 
Classified ............................... 7 IIC 
Deaths 
............. 
2W 
Dedication Rewarded.............. IK 
Editorials........................................ 411 
Horoscope.................................. IOC. 
M ovies............................ Magazine 
Politics............................................ HI 

T o d a y * * C h u c k le 

Santa enters through a hole in the chimney and leaves through a hole in your pocket. 

23o PAGES 

Soap Operas........................ ... IGC 
Sports .. — 
........................ .. I HS 
Weather ................................ . . . . SB c o l u m n is t s 
Ann landers........................ 
SE 
Dan Cook .............................. . . . . 4S 
Dan Klepper........................ ... IWS 
Dear Abby ........................ 
. . . . 9E 
Jack Anderson .................. . . . . 511 
Paul Thompson.................. 
3 A 

SATURDAY' S T E M P E R A T U R E S 
I a rn 
48 
9 a m 
At 
6 p m 
53 
2 c m 
At 
!o a m . 
49, 
I p m 
Si 
3 a m . 
Ai 
Ii a rn 
31 
7 p m 
32 
4 a m 
46 
Noon 
34 
8 p m. 
49 
5 a m. 
46 
I pm. 
32 
9 p m 
52 
6 a rn 
46 
2 pm. 
32 
IO p m 
52 
7 a m 
43 
J p m 
33 ll p m 
52 
8 a m 
43 
4 pm. 
52 
M ianiaP l 3o 

Welcome back, 

LIZ CARPENTER, left, and Lady Bird Johnson talk over old times during a W elcom e Back Liz! fiesta given by her friends 
Saturday night at the Institute of Texan Cultures. Mrs. 
Carpenter was Mrs. Johnson's press secretary and staff 

Photo by Steve Campbell 

The* light drizzle that fell Saturday over much of Texas was precipitation moving ahead of the front 

In San Antonio, heavy fog and cloudy skies com bined to red u c e visibility to less than a mile. Visibi­ lity ranged from one to three miles over the rest of the South Texas re­ gion. 
Locally, law enforcement officials reported the num ber of traffic acci­ d en ts in c re a se d slig h tly above normal for a Saturday. 

The most serious accident occurred in .South B exar Bounty about 4:3o p.m when a young boy was struck by an oncom ing pickup on rain slick ened EM IMH near Hwy. 2KL 
The youth. Frankie Thompson, to, of Route 7, Box 388B, was rushed by 
EMS to Southeast Baptist Hospital where lie was in critical condition 
With head in ju rie s . He w as la te r transferred to Baptist Hospital 
Highway alert 
State* and local highway crews were on the alert Saturday for hazardous road conditions. The most severe w eather Saturday night was in the 
Panhandle, where* light snow fell. 
The* National Weather Service has advised m otorists to be extrem ely cautious Sunday as road conditions change rapidly when icy conditions prevail. 

(ia llip d ra l theft totals $ 1 .2 m illio n 

MURCIA, Spain (AP) — Burglars using a blowtorch forced open an iron gate i i i the* cathe*dral museum i i i this southeastern Spanish city and c a r ­ ried off 2o art pieces studded with 
7.ooo gems and valued at $4 2 million, church officials said Saturday. 
'Fhe* the*ft at the 514-year-old Santa 
Maria Catheelral occurred F rid ay night or early Saturday. The* eiffie'lals said the* stole*n ite*ms we're* uninsured and had been on open display behind the* gate*. 
Among the* stolen pieces we*re* the jeweled crown from a statue* elf the* 
Virgin of Ut Eue-nsanta, patron saint of Murcia, ane! the* pectoral cross and ring of Luis ('antonio Cardinal Bel biga, a major figure i i i the* Spanish 
Roman ( atholie Chure l) in till* lk(h century. the* officials said 
The* diamonds, sapphires and gold in the* crown of the* virgin saint had been paid for by popular su b sc rip ­ tion. 
Also stolen were gold altar pieces of the* Nth and lath centuries 
Script for an execution 

By BOB DALE 
Twenty years ago I watched the last execution of a man from Bexar County at Hunts­ ville. 
I was one of two people from Bexar 
County to watch that execution lf a federal judge’s ruling stands, every resident of Bexar County and the State of Texas could get a front row seat at executions via television. 
The decision I made then when asked to cover the execution would In* thrust into the laps of every person. 
W atching an electrocution is an event you will never forget. I know . 
In my own mind, I have settled the moral issue I believe strongly in the death penalty. 
Should executions be televised? I could not agree more with attorney 
Fred Semaan, a vocal proponent of capital punishment. 
Semaan said anyone who considers the showing of an execution horrify­ ing or repugnant has a simple alter­ native — "They don’t have to watch it.” 
He said he figures a lot of death 

W hat is you r opinion? 

A federal judge has ruled that newspaper and TV cameram en can film executions on death row at 
Huntsville, the state penitentiary. 

Ills ruling has created quite a storm. It could make every Texan a witness lo a sanctioned death 

Many think executions should be filmed and many others are against it. 

All San Antonio TV executives have agreed not to film them. The Express-News would not take photo graphs. 

Bob Dale. Express-News cartoonist, attended the last execution of a San Antonian in the late 195os. 

(his story represents Dale's opinion of what ought to he done and how he would televise executions. 

The Express and News is seeking your opinion on executions, on whither convicted criminals should he executed, and whether newspaper and TV cameramen should photograph them. 

We ask that you fill out the ballot accompanying this article on Rage 12A and mail it as directed. 

 penalty foes will be for televising the spectacles "on the theory that it will engender sym pathy for the person being executed. 
"So I would like to see one thing added — a r e e n a c t merit of the convict s crime. 
"T h e TV people could show the viewers how the killer forced three people*^ lie on the floor while he shot them in the head. 
"Then see how mueh sympathy bis 

 l l ITH YEAR Vol. No. 28 

Nixon to mark 64th birthday 

SAN CLEMENTE, Calif. (AP) - 
Richard Nixon celebrates his 64th birthday on Sunday. A spokesman for the former president was unavailable for comment on how Nixon and his wife, Pat, planned to spend the day. 

It will lie Nixon’s third birthday al his 
San 
Clemente estate, 
Casa 
Pacifica, since his resignation Aug 9, 
1974, in the wake of the W atergate scandal. 

 execution engenders,” Semaan said 

If I were to write the TV script for the execution I covered, it would go something like this . . . 
TV ANNOUNCER: "Due to mature theme, viewer discretion is not just advised, it is imperative ” 
Then the an n o u n cer would co n ­ tinue, telling of the crim e the man executed committed and showing ap­ propriate pictures to illustrate the crime 
The story would go like this 
"On a warm sum m er night in July of 1954, a baby girl was taken from her parents’ car parked in front ol a 
South Bexar County lounge." 
"Several hours later, the lorn, m u­ tilated body of 3-year-old Chere Jo 
Horton was found lying face up in a thicket near a gravel pit. 
"F lies were beginning to swarm. 

" T h e tiny to t’s w idespread legs appeared lo be wrenched from her pelvic bone. T h e cold flesh was stretched beyond belief. Her mouth was open in mute agony. 
"Her small hands clutched w isps of weeds and bits of dirt as if those were som ething, anything, to hold onto during her ordeal 
"T h e dirty, weed grown area a r ­ ound the pitiful young corpse was trampled and rolled flat, leaving no doubt in the m inds of investigators what had happened. 
"County health officer Dr, G D, 
Boyd said an autopsy showed death wun caused by a blow on the head. He said the child had a broken left jaw and other bruises on the body.” 
"Dr Boyd indicated that she might 

See EXECUTION, Page IZA 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— -Saturday January 8 1977 

McCords to observe anniversary 

Mr, and Mrs. Frank B. 
McCord will celebrate their 
5oth wedding anniversary 
\ Sunday with an open house 
;in the home of their dau gh ter, M rs. F ra n c e s 
Everett. 
Mr. and M rs. McCord were married Jan 15, 1927. 
They are also the parents of 
Lt. Col. Patricia McCord of 
Washington, D.C.___________ 

SALE 

 a orr 
TENNIS 
Ii 
CLOTHING 

UP TO 1/2 OFF 

PRICES GOOD TIU JAN. 8 
QUANTITIES LIMITED 
MANY SPECIALS NOT SHOWN 
I 

LEISURESPORT 
211 N. ST MARY'S 
DOWNTOWN 
PARK f i l l STORESIDE WITH PURCHASE 
PERRIN BEITEL AT 41o k _______ NORTHSIDE J 

'Mama 

MR. AND MRS. FRANK B. MCCORD 

MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM H. MCGUIRE 

Avery’s Restaurant at 2o3o 
N. Main has intrigued me. 
I couldn’t imagine its proprie­ tor, Cappy Lawton, in such a se­ date spot. As far as I was con­ cerned, he belonged out on San 
Pedro at his recycled coffee shop called M ama’s Restaurant. 
But there he was in his recycled 
Night Hawk, running what he calls a “ restaurant restaurant” with no gimmicks or theme. 
“ Of course this doesn’t fit my personality,” he admitted, break­ ing into his rosv-cheeked Santa 
Claus smile. “ Mama’s is ‘me’, but 
I think there is a need for a place like this.” 
A very’s, named for Lawton's 
7-month-old d au g h ter, is very much like the top-chopped steak house it used to be— except for some brightening up. 
The form erly dark walls are now a soft buff color that sets off a group of b rass and iron im ple­ ments, some neutral baskets and a few large green plants. 
The foyer, however, houses some fascinating San Antonio me­ m orabilia — Lawton’s private stock — of Goldbeck photographs. 
“ You now' are the proud owner of the largest E l). Goldbeck col­ lection other than the University of Texas (at A ustin ),” the pro­ minent Alamo City photographer told Lawton recently. 

Panoramic 

Lawton now has commissioned 
Goldbeck to do a panoramic shot of 
San Antonio lighted for Christmas to cover a wall of the Club Room. 
The Club Room, says Lawton, is a hold-over from pre-liquor-by- the-drink days and is a favorite bar for San Antonio businessmen. 
So he has kept it the same as it always was—right down to a fa­ vorite w aitress. D im ple Dene 
Hummer, who has worked there for 18 years, and the same bar­ tender, Smoky Pryor, who is going on his 4oth year. 

'Where lo go 
What to eat 

Bt lane lihrifh 

 recycling old favorite 

So much for “ where to go” (I like everything except the back­ ground contemporary music); now for “ what to eat.” 
The Avery’s menu is about the same as the M am a’s menu with steaks and fish added. 
“ We emphasize good food with everything made from scratch and no synthetic anything,” says Law­ ton. 
(The only exceptions I noted are the rolls which are a commercial product, though they plan to bake their own soon, and the applesauce which is homemade but artificial­ ly sweetened for dieters. Even some of the fruit-based mixed drinks are m ade with fresh- squeezed juices.) 

Burgers 

 k My luncheon-menu stand-bys from eating at M am a’s are the 
Burger-in-the-Rye (one of seven hamburger platters) served with curly-cut fried potatoes for $1.75 and the soup and salad combina­ tion (som etim es the “ soup” is chili!) for $1.5o. 
But Avery’s features some daily lunch specialties such as Chicken and Dum plings,'Irish Stew and 
Cornbread and a Mexican Plate for 
$2.75. Friday is Cook’s Choice, but more about that later. 
My husband and I went there for a late dinner this week and or­ dered the Anticuchos and U-Peel- 
Ums, $3.95 each. 
(Lawton says he gets the most compliments on Chateaubriand at 
$H per person.) 
Anticuchos, skewered pieces of choice steak marinated with jala- penos and herbs, are served with salad, roll and the Tassos potato, a 

 restuffed baked potato half fla­ vored with butter, sour cream, a touch of jalapeno juice and gener­ ous topping of grated cheese. 
My nine shrimp were cooked in herb-laced beer and served with salad and roll. 
Everything was delicious—and very relaxed, so we settled in and stayed for dessert. I wanter! my husband to taste the cheesecake 
(it’s a heavy, creamy cheesecake with a slightly-tart sour cream- based fopping), and he wanted me to taste the chocolate sheath cake that’s served hot. 
Desserts range from 75 cents to 
$1. and we like them all! 
File future 
So much for “ what to eat.” My question was where will the inno­ vating Lawton go from here? 

Besides expanding M ama’s, he’s headed for Alamo Heights with a new restaurant called Cappy’s scheduled to open.in m id -F e ­ bruary. 
Typical of Lawton’s style, he is making use of something old and very San Antonio. 

“ It’s Ernie Scrivener’s original lumber yard,” he says, “ and the shape of the building is the perfect shape for a restaurant. 

“ The at/nosphere was almost all there. The building was built with culled brick Scrivener couldn’t sell. 
“ We’ve gotten all the senior- class pictures from Alamo Heights since 1948, and we’ll trade other old photos for meals or drinks 

“ It’s sort-of a play on Alamo 

Heights — kind of a ‘poor m ap ’s 
Argyle,’ and we want to use re­ cipes of residents in the ared. 
We’ll have lots of recipe con­ tests.” 
IMH 
V" 
■' 

New Yorker 

In the meantime, to establishthe restauran t’s menu. Cappy" has brought to town a colorful, young 
New Yorker as an in-house food consultant. 
A research chemist whose hobby is gourmet cooking, Artie Meyer worked his way through school in a variety of restaurants. 
The menu will reflect his inter­ est in ethnic foods that he says are 
“ negligible” in San Antonio and his desire to see foods “ m ore carefully prepared and present­ ed.” 
How does he know San Anton­ ians will go for such diversions? 
He’s experimenting at Avery's on Fridays. (That’s the Cook’s 
Choice item mentioned earlier.) 

Anybody can be a guinea pig. 
Next Friday he’s planning on La­ sagna Milanese (it has a creamy sauce) with authentic side dishes and soup. 
And that night, he will introduce 
Red Snapper Arthur (the fish is poached in white wine then topped with crab meat. Bechamel sauce and fresh mushrooms). 
But don’t wait until Friday. Re­ servations are necessary only for a party of eight or more. And you can play backgammon anytime in the Club Room. 

Also for Spurs fans, there’s a park-and-ride deal any night the team is in town—with no obliga­ tion to eat at Avery’s. 

 d 

NORTH STAR MAU 

WOODLAWN CENTER 
732-85o1 

/ 

JANUARY 
COAT SALE 
69.99 

 o r i g i n a l l y t o 1 1 o . o o 

Wraps, belted, fitted, 

 hooded coats in na 

 tural, camel, black 

 oyster, taupe, wine sizes 6-18 5-13. 

NORTH STAR 1o:3o-9:oo / 
MON.-FRI. 

Open house set Sunday for couple 

Mr. and Mrs. Charles II. 
McGuire will be honored on their 5oth wedding anniver­ sary with an open house 
Sunday in the home of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Lindkvist. 
Hosts will be their chil­ dren: Mr. and Mrs. Lindk­ vist, Mr. and Mrs. William 
Adams of Meadville, Pa., and Mr. and Mrs. Curtis 
McGuire of Dallas. 
Also attending the open house will he the couple’s grandchildren and great- grandson. 
Mr. and Mrs 
McGuire were married Jan. 9, 1927, in Fort Smith, Ark. They have resided in San Antonio since 1939 
Mr. McGuire retired from 
Stow ers 
Furniture Co. in 1971. 

Republicans name officers 

Bexar County Republican 
Women’s Club has installed 
Mines. Harper Martin, pre­ sident; Gerard M. Baker, 
Morris Wosnig and Richard 
Small, vice presidents. 
Also, 
Mines. 
G eorge 
Hastings, treasurer; Henry 
Miller and Oscar Vann, se­ cretaries. 

Women suffering from 'skinnyitis’ 

MISS CYNTHIA ANN 
CUELLAR 

Dance to honor teen-ager 

Mr. and Mrs. J e s s e L. 
Cuellar will honor their daughter, Cynthia Ann. with a dance on her 15th birthday 
S atu rd ay in 
B lessed Sacram en t A ca­ demy. 
A religious ceremony w ill precede the dance, and will be held in St. John Birch­ man’s Church 
Miss Cuellar is a fresh­ man at Blessed Sacrament 
Academy and is a member of the Math Club, Sodality 
Club and Varsity Club 

J 
DIRECT FRO M THE 

ELVIS 
SHOW 
THE W O RLD ’S LOWEST BASS SINGER 
J.D. SUMNER 
A N D 
THE STAMPS QUARTET 

IN C O N C E R T 

* 

I t 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

I t 

* 
* 
I 

* 
* 

* 

* 

 i t 

* 

»I 
*I 
$ 
JEFFERSON H.S. A U D IT O R IU M 
Thursday, January 1 3 t h 
7:3o P.M. 
^ 
A d m is s io n ^ . OO A d v a n c e r s . OO At The Door 
Family Ticket $1o.oo 

 j L 
Scripture Stall, Wonderland Shopping Center, Christian Book Store, South 

 y t 
Pork Mali 
Information 

S i 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
* 
* 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 
* 
* 

 r n 

* 
* 
* 

MONDAY 

1:3o p m 
R IV E R S ID E 

GARDEN CLER, in High land T e rrac e M ethodist 
Church. Cohostesses will be 
Mines. J. C. Petty and VV. 
C. Avoy. Mrs M E. Davis will present 
“ Fun 
With 
Driftwood.” A plant and card sale will be held. 

TUESDAY 

9:3o a m. WOODLAWN 

HILLS GARDEN CLUB, in the home of M rs. VV, C. 
Seewald with Mrs. Roger 
Bailey as cohostess. Pro­ gram will be “ Plant Pro­ pagation and Soil Analysis" given by 
Mrs. 
Albert 
Fischer. 

9:3o a m. DIRT DAL BEU 

GARDEN C LU B, in the home of Mrs William L. 
Darnell. Mrs J It. Pittman of Hortense’s African Vio­ lets of San Antonio, will speak. Cohostess will he 
M rs. Wallace R Base 

9:3o a m. 
B LEE 
BON­ 
NET GARDEN CLUB, in the home of Mrs. E. L. El­ more. Mrs D. J. Noel will present garden slides. 

9:3o a m. CENIZA GAR­ 
DEN CLUB, in the home of 
Mrs 
AC. 
Senkel. 
Mrs. 
George Quiroga will pre­ sent the program. 

IO a rn. JAPONICA GAR 

DEN CLUB, at the McNay 
Art Institute, for a tour of the museum and gardens. 

IO a m. ST. KOSE OK LI­ 
MA GARDEN C LU B , in the home of Mrs. A. J . 
Hohman. 
Mrs. 
E. 
C. 
Doehne is cohostess 

IO a , rn 
WOODLAWN 

G A RD EN C L I B. in the me pf Mrs. O. P. Sehna*. el. Mrs. W. S. McCarthy will present “ Apartm ent 
Planting.’.’ 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I would like to report a new public health menace — it is skinnyitis. 
Victims of this affliction are subject to colds, fre­ quent absences from work and severe emotional prob­ lems. 
Our firm em ploys 25 females, 18 of whom suffer from skin n yitis. 
T h eir symptoms are easy to re­ cognize. 
They talk about nothing but diets, m easurem ents and how’ much they weigh. 
Their sole aim in life is to weigh what they did when they were in the 7th grade. 
The mainstay of the vic­ tims’s diet is black coffee, clear broth, diet pop and cigarettes. Of course, these individuals cannot get a decent night’s sleep and are dead tired during the day. 

Too bad the women in this country don't realize how important it is to keep physically fit. In order to enjoy good health they must give the body what it needs — and this means adequate nourishment. 

Where did the skin and bones mania come from, anyway? — Mother Of Nine 
Who Weighs 117 lbs. 

Dear Mother: The notion that Skinny Is Beautiful came from the fashion m a­ gazines. The models with their sunken eyes, hollow' cheeks and protruding hip bones do indeed appear to be undernourished. It’s un­ fortunate that so many wo­ men want to look like them. 
, Another hazard brought on by the craze to be skinny: A cascade of diet books — each phonier than the last. I hope one day soon 
America will stop worship­ ping at the feet of the beanpole. 

Ann 

Landers 

 fuses to pay for any more schooling. He points out that R o d ’s two younger brothers will be ready for college within three years and the price of education has skyrocketed. 
My parents both work and make a good living but they are not rich. Rod feels 
TH EY should put him through these last two years. 
They have told him they 

 can’t do it. Now he is mad at both his parents and mine. 
Is he justified? — In The 
Middle 

Dear Middle: Parents do not owe their children a college coeducation and neither do in-laws. If they can afford it and are agreeable — fine, but’s it’s not a moral obligation. 
Thousands of students take out loans, obtain scho­ larships, work part-time and put th em selv es through. 
If Rod wants his Ph.D. badly enough he will figure out a way to get it. (P.S. It will mean a lot more to him if he makes it on his own). 

DISTRESSED 
C A L IC H E 
2 2 6 -4 4 4 3 

SKIWEAR 

SALE 
ALL SWEATERS 
JACKETS. GOGGLES 
AND MORE 
'A-'A OFF 

 m a good nu Jan. s 
MANY SHOALS NOT SHOWN 
QUANTITY LIMITED fk/ckfrnuM 

LEISURESPORT 
211 N. ST. MARY’S 
DOWNTOWN 
PARK FRIE STORESIDE WITH PURCHASE 
PERRIN BEITEL AT 41o 
NORTHSIDE 

Hairy 

Dear Ann Landers: I was very disappointed in your advice to the woman who signed herself 
“ H airy 
Problem .” You said if a wife doesn't like her hus­ band in a m u stach e he should shave it off. 
This is interfering with his civil liberties, isn t it? 
After all, it’s HIS face and if he likes a mustache nobody has the right to give him any static. 
I love my h u sb a n d 's mustache. In fact, it tickles me to death Ha, ha. ha. I ll bet you’ll never print this. 
— Las Vegas LII 

Dear LII: Well ho, ho, ho. 
You lose. Civil liberties are not an issu e here. The m an’s wife simply stated her preference. 
If she gives him the brush because he refuses to get rid of his m ustache, he should not complain about the consequence — which is no len in’. 

College 

Dear Ann Landers: 
My husband's parents put him through four years of col­ lege. Now Rod wants to get a Ph.D. in a special field of study. 
Problem; His father re- 

 january 
Clearance 
SALE 

Storewide Savings of up to 5o%! 

A super storewide clearance. 

Reductions up to 5o% on the finest names in furniture . . . quality you've come to expect day-to-day at TREND HOUSE. 

Exceptional values. 
On everything from lamps to sofas, chairs, sleepers, occasional tables, dining and bedroom furniture. 

Moster Charge 

BankAmericard 

9o-Day Charge 

Time Payment 

Pion 
TREND 
HOUSE 

 open daily IO to 6 

 thursday til 9 pm . 

Located in Colonies North Shopping Center / 696-3641 

PAGE 8 
THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAB— Jcmuory 9, 1977 

ASTROLOGERS GUDE 
REVEALS WHAT YOUR 
NAME REALLY MEANS 

Ia n s Lindauer: Taking the guilt out of dieting. 
Dieters get a merry New 
Year’s bonus 
DIETERS have received an ex­ traordinary New Year message from one of Americas top weight control groups: “Eat, ink and be merry.” 
People who are on the group's strictly-controlled calorie reduc­ ing program can now sip at hard liquor or wines or even nibble bread with their meals. 
But they can only make merry three times a week, says Lois L. 
I anda uer, international director of the Diet Workshop 
“We decided to take the guilt out of the diet for partygoers.” 
Lois told THE STAR this week. 
“ And weight losers are re­ sponding by being even better dieters.' 
The basic 1,2oo calorie reduc­ ing diet for women remains un­ changed, but now Diet Workshop members can have a three- limes-a week additional treat, from the following: 
I oz. of whisky, scotch, rye, vodka, bourbon, or gin. 
3 oz. dry table wine (red or white) 
I oz. serving of bread at din­ ner. 
"The total increase for the week is 25o calories at most," says Loin. "Dieters may have three treats in one night or space them throughout the week. 
"Mixed drinks like sours, wallbangers, 
Manhattans or martinis, are still a no-no. But tonics, sodas, tomato and orange juice are all right 
"We have also found our die­ ters find it easier to forego a large baked potato with sour cream when they can have a roll to nibble. " 

WHAT S in a name? Plenty, according to psychologists and edu­ cators now studying the effects of names on human behavior. 
People tend to live up to the image of their names, they have found. 
Lolas are inclined to be sexpots, Agathas prudes, Johns trustworthy, 
Tonys sociable. 
But now astrologers have gone one step further, linking names to birthsigns. Husband and wife astrology team Derek and Julia Parker of 
London have matched 8oo first names to the 12 zodiac signs. 
Here is their guide to the birthsigns with some names and char­ acter traits to match. 
ARIES: The lively Aries could be called Adam, Hebrew for ‘red’, the color for this sign. The girl might be Helen, for St. Helena of En­ gland Aries is the sign which rules England. Other Arian boy’s names are Griffith, a Welsh name associated with red hair, or Vic­ tor, meaning conqueror in Latin. 
Both fit Arian qualities of spirit and leadership. 
Other girls’ names are Jessica, and Priscilla. 
Judith, "a Jewess" from the 
Hebrew, another Arian name. 
TAURUS: Patrick is the patron saint of Taurus-ruled Ireland, and 
Patricia is its feminine version. 
This sign more than any other, loves the land Foster and Roger are both derived from farming oc­ cupations in the Middle Ages. 
Rhoda. a rose in Greek, suits 
Taurus girls, as this sign rules this flower 
Rose, Rosa or Rosalie would be other names. 

' GEMINI: The symbol of this sign is often the messenger, or mercury. And Matthew and Mi­ chael are biblical messenger names. 
Colin, from the Gaelic, for "gay young dog.” 
Eve, from the Hebrew for live­ ly, is a natural Gemini name. 
Fay, the old word for fairy or elf suggests the quickness and light­ ness of this sign. 
Jill, in Middle Ages, a name that suggested a flighty, unfaith­ ful girl. 
CANCER: A sign of the protec­ tor; security. Alexis, Greek for helper or defender, suits both the 
Cancer boy or girl. Henry means house or home in old German. Jo­ seph, meaning large family in He­ brew, fits the Caneenan love of home and family. 
For girls. Alma means loving and kind in Latin, while Martha is the patron saint of housewives. 

LEO: The lion is the symbol of this sign. 
Hugo comes from the old Ger­ man for heart, as Leos are all heart. Eugene means noble or well-born, indisputably Leonine, while Leonard means bold lion in old German. 
For girls, Leonie means lion­ ess; Marigold is a Leo flower; 
Ruby is the Leo precious stone. 

VIRGO: A sign of the outdoors, and of the earth’s bounties 
Darcy, an earthy French name suits this earth sign Dean comes from the Old English meaning valley. 
Kevin, an Irish saint, had the typical Virgo love of nature. 
Alice is a Virgo girl, as is Don­ na. Lee means meadow in Old 
English, and Silvia is a Latin word meaning woods. 

By DONNA LAWSON 

LIBRA: Balance and harmony are the keynotes of this sign. 
Alan, Allan or Allen is the Celt­ ic expression for harmony. Felix is Latin for happy. Geoffrey means peacemaker, a common 
Libran trait. 
Amanda means fit to be loved in Latin. Cheryl is an Old English name meaning love, and Libra is perhaps the most loving of signs. 
Irene means peace. 

SCORPIO: The young Scorpio is determined, strong and intense. 
The Scorpio symbol is the eagle of a scorpion and the apostle John’s symbol in art is an eagle. Sean is 
Irish for John and Jack is a popu­ lar form of this name. Evan is 
Welsh for John. 
Joan and Joanna, Jane and 
Jean are derived from John. Desi­ ree from the the French and Latin desired is what every Scorpio fe­ male would wish to be. 

SAGITTARIUS: 
Sagittarius governs journeys, so the patron saint of travellers, Christopher, would be a suitable name. Doug­ las means dark blue — the Sagit- tarian color — in Gaelic. 
Peregrine means traveller or pilgrim in Latin. 
Ross comes from the ancient hios, or horse. Sagittarius is half horse. 
CAPRICORN: The Capricorn way is slow and steady. King Ar­ thur had Capricorn traits: caution and resourcefulness. 
Brian is the ancient British name for a hill — Capricorns are always striving up one. 
Jeremy, from the Biblical Jere­ miah: may the Lord rise up; also follows the Capricorn trend to move upward. 
Bridget, from the ancient Celtic word, meaning the high one, de­ scribes the Capricorn girl s ver­ sion of herself Melanie derives from the Greek name of black, for this sign’s color. 

AQUARIUS: Aquarians are in­ dividualistic. humanitarian and friendly. 
Edwin means happy friend in Old English, while Ezra is Hebrew for help. 
David, from the Hebrew lulla­ by, meant at first, darling, but to­ day it simply means friend. 
Emma in old German suggests universal, an ideal of the Aquari­ an Age. Faith for faithfulness is a special Aquarian virtue. 

PISCES: 
Denotes sensitivity and often a love for the sea 
Adrian from the Latin, Hadri- anus, means from the Adriatic 
Sea, so it is certainly a watery name. James, the apostle was a fisherman. 
Pisceans have a deep vein of sorrow in their character. Deirdre of the Sorrows was undoubtedly 
Piscean. 
So was Dolores, 
Maria de 
Dolores in Spain, the Mary of the Sorrows. Valerie indicates helpfulness and friendship. 

By LESLIE SA VAN 
SOME DAY SOON, five-year-old 
David will put on his space suit and go out to play. But he will be differ­ ent from other little boys imitating their Star Trek heroes. The space suit David wears will be real. 
He needs it to protect him from the dangerous outside world. 
Bom with a disease which makes it impossible for him to combat germs, 
David has lived all his life in a germ­ free plastic bubble. 
Because of the disease, called Severe 
Combined 
Immunity 
Deficiency 
(SCID), David has never been touched by human hands. He was delivered by 
Caesarean operation and immediately isolated. 
He lias lived in a protected environ­ ment longer than anyone in history but the space suit he’s getting this month- similar to the kind worn by Apollo as­ tronauts—will start to change all that. 
Wearing the suit, David will be able to go wherever his parents want to take him—to ball games, the zoo, shopping, or just for a romp in the yard. 
Ironically, “David has never been sick a day in his life,” said a spokes­ woman for the Texas Children's Hospi­ tal in Houston, where the youngster has grown up. 
"He can be embraced and kissed and feel the warmth through the plastic,” the spokeswoman told THE STAR. 
"He has been hugged and loved ever since birth from his parents, doctors and nurses.” 
David’s plastic home has two pairs of 

 reversible gloves through which he i handled, a bedroom, a playroom, and supply room. All food, clothing, an 

 which he is 

 supply room. All food, clothing, and toys must stand in the supply room for one hour to be sterilized. 
"That s why he’s never had hot food 
—it cools off in that hour,” the spokes­ woman said. 
David himself takes things from the supply room to his quarters There, he spends much of his time watching color 
TV and playing with his toys. 
"He jumps up and down for exercise, and has temper tantrums like any other kid,” the spokeswoman said. 
"When he wants to be alone he crawls into a great big turtle and pulls the top down. He calls it his office. 
“He’s pretty well left to his own de­ vices. He takes a nap when he wants to. lf he wants anything in the hospital, he yells for it.” 
A frequent request from David, die said, is for one of his favorite break­ fasts: spaghetti. 
"From the beginning there was con­ cern as to how the isolator would affect the developmental process,” said Dr. 
David Freedman, a psychiatrist at Bay­ lor College of Medicine at Texas Chil­ dren’s Hospital. 
“It is evident David has developed normally to this point.” 
Doctors hope that by remaining in a protected environment, David will de­ velop enough immunity to live safely outside. 
And Dr. Buford L. Nicholas, David’s attending physician, said there have been encouraging developments 
“David has remained free of disease even though his isolator is no longer 

Surrounded by his toys, David has a chat with Donna Curlin, one of his nurses at Texas children's hospital. 

 germ 
STAR 
-free,” 
Dr. 
Nichols told THE 
AR. 
"Approximately 35 microorganisms have penetrated the isolator and IO of these nave colonized in David at some time. 
“David has handled them without evi­ dence of infection." 
Meanwhile, researchers are studying a bone marrow transplant, as a possible cure for his immunity defect. 
But the marrow must match David’s or the transplant will be fatal And the odds of finding a matched donor are one in 32,ooo. 
David used to spend all his time at 

 the hospital but now he alternates be­ tween six weeks there and six weeks at home. His hospital stays are mostly for testing and monitoring. Much of David’s care is funded by the U S. Department of Health, Education and Welfare. The care has cost about $2oo,ooo so far, with other funds supplied by individual do­ nors and by the hospital and two of its units, the Baylor College of Medicine’s 
Clinical Research Center and the Meyer 
Center for Developmental Pediatrics. 

To go to and from the hospital, David seals nimself in his plastic bedroom. 
'n** bedroom is then separated from the rest of his quarters and, with David still 

The hospital and his home have al­ most identical quarters for David. 
When David gets his space suit, he will be able to crawl into it from his bedroom through a flexible tunnel which can be rolled up and sealed into the suit. 
The suit is connected to a 5o-pound battery system which can be pushed by 
David's parents—who prefer to remain anonymous—while he ndes on it. He can stay in the suit four hours before the batteries need re-charging 
NASA developed David’s special suit, which has a transparent plastic head- iece instead of the hard helmet the as- iuts wore, at a cost of $9o,ooo. 

SUPER PSYCHIC, 
4oo YEARS OLD, 
PREDICTS EHD 
OF THE WORLD 

THE PSYCHIC who 4oo years ago accurately fo­ resaw the rise of Adolf Hitler, says the world will be destroyed within the next few decades. 
French-born Michael de Nostredame predicts that before the year 2ooo there will be a disaster that will wipe out all humans and animals. 
Although Nostredame made the prediction back in the 155os, today’s scientists and astrologers are taking it seriously. For the accuracy of ms fore­ casts has been amazing. 
They have included the Great Fire Of London, the abdication in 1936 of Britain’s King Edward fry struction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki 
Bom in 15o3, Nostredame was trained by a phys ican. He didn’t make his first prediction until he was 4o. 
While traveling in Italy he met a young monk, 
Felice Peretti. He fell to his knees, saying: “ I kneel before His Holiness.” 
Twenty years after Nostredame died, Peretti be­ came Pope. 
Nostredame wrote his uncanny forecasts in Lat- 

Adolf Hider: Hie rise of his Nazi tyranny was foreseen more than 4o8 years ago. 

 in verse. More than 3oo editions of them have been printed. At first they seemed incomprehensible to most people. 

In 1556, he prophesied the death of the King of 
France "in warlike field in a single fight ” No one understood — until, three years later, the King, 
Henry ll, was killed in a jousting tournament. 
Interpreting some of his verse is like trying to solve a cryptic puzzle When Nostredame foresaw the abdication of Edward VHI who wanted to mar­ ry the previously-wed Mrs. Simpson, he wrote: 
"For not wanting to consent to the divorce, which afterwards will be recognized as unworthy, the king (rf the lands will be forced to flee.” 
But there was little doubt about who he had in mind when he wrote: 

"In the mountains of Austria near the 
Rhine, 
There will he bom a man of simple fxirents, 
A man who will claim to defend Roland and 
Hungary 
And whose fate will never he certain 
Beasts with wild hunger will cross the riv­ ers. 
The greater part of the Battlefield will he against Bister. 

Hie mis spelling of Hitler’s name was his only mistake. 
Nostredame also forecast the contributioas lo medicine of Lotus Pasteur, the execution of Marie 
Antoinette and the Spanish Cml War. 
But perhaps the most significant of his predic­ tions may still be to come. 
Toward the end of this century, he warns of "a pestilence so very dreadful that neither the young nor the old nor even animals shall survive. 

 his "office/' and pulls down the top to be alone. 
Anti-germ suit to free boy, 5, from fife inside bubble 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1 9 7 / fSalad Cream Gang9 can’t bungle this caper 

MANCHESTER GUARDIAN SERVICE 
LONDON — With guffaws and hoots of derision still ring­ ing in their ears, the “ Salad 
Cream Gang,” Britain’s most incompetent group of crimin­ als, went to jail Friday for drug smuggling. 
During th e ir knockabout c areer, the gang, which set out to illegally 

 rak e in m illio n s, was rep e ate d ly do u b le-c ro ssed , ch eated by th e ir frien d s, robbed by the M oroccan police and finally c a u g h t a fte r throwtng salad cream at each other during a melee in a hotel. 
“ You are a bunch of hopeless in­ com petents," .fudge Alexander Kar- mel told them Friday. 
“ Everything you did from start to finish went w rong. You bungled everything." 

To add to their humiliation, Judge 
Karmel then passed lenient sentences of one to three years on the seven men and one woman because he said they were clearly too clumsy to be part of any serious international drug operation. 
The eight had pleaded guilty to charges of illegally importing drugs into Spain. 
Prosecutor Alan Suckling told the court that on one occassion 95 pounds 

 of cannabis vras bought but the gang was unable to smuggle any of it. 
The gang’s m isadventures began when they purchased a secondhand 
Volkswagen van after being told that it would have a suitable hiding place for drugs between the gasoline tank and the engine. 
But they bought the wrong model and discovered, when in Morocco, that there was no hiding place. 
Michael O’Brien, the courier, then 

 lost his nerve, refused to put the drugs in a door panel and abandoned the van in Morocco. 

On another trip, 6o pounds of drugs worth more than $4o,ooo was seized by Spanish customs officials and the courier was sentenced to 12 years at hard labor. 
Later, a mem ber of the gang was trying to smuggle $1.7oo to buy more d ru g s when he was picked up by 
Mondale trip abroad 

PLAINS, Ga. (AP) — P re sid e n t­ elect C arter said Saturday he will send Vice Presidentelect Walter F. 
Mondale on a get-acquainted trip to 
Europe and Japan the first week of the Carter administration. 
The president-elect said he himself probably will attend an econom ic summit m eeting of the w orld’s in­ dustrialized democracies this year. 
’probably in late May or June 
Carter also said he likely w ill meet with Soviet party leader Leonid I 
Brezhnev sometime before next fall and hopes by that tim e to have a- chieved “ substantial'’ progress on a new strategic arm s limitation treaty. 
On another subject. Carter said he has every hope th a t tax re b a te checks, a key element of his plan to stimulate the lagging economy, will lie sent to millions of taxpayers by early spring. 
Carter said he still intends to m in­ imize hi> own travel in the first year of his administration but would make an exception for the economic sum- 

 supportive role and will not pre-empt the leadership position taken by the government of Great Britain. 
Carter said he himself probably will meet with the leaders of the na­ tions Mondale will visit later in the year, “ probably in the framework of an economic summit meeting." 
He expressed the hope that other meetings with foreign leaders during his administration's first year take place in the United States. 

Berrigan arrested 

PHILLIP BERRIGAN, former anti-war activist Jesuit priest, is arrested along with six others in front of 
President-elect Carter's home in Plains, G a. The group, which displayed a large banner reading 
“ Nuclear Weapons Massacre the Innocent,’’ was arrested for demonstrating without a permit. — 
AP Wirephoto 
2-year period key to proposal 

 nut. 
Chilly 
( a r t e r talked to r e p o rte rs at a 
» hilly outdoor news conference on the lawn of his home 
He said arrangements for the trip already have been made and that he will speak with the prime ministers or leaders of those nations by tele­ phone sometime next week. 
Ile said the purpose of the Mondale trip is to let America’s closest allies 
“ know in some detail what I and the 
On lied States Congress propose to do about the stimulation of our econ­ omy. 
“ In addition to that he will explore with them better means by which we might coordinate our NATO policies, deal with the problem s of the in ­ creased oil prices, and also share w itll them some of our potential plans at that point for helping to resolve the potential problems surrounding Cy­ prus and T urkey and G reece, the 
Middle E a st, and of c o u rse the southern Africa question.” 
Ill the latter case Carter said that the United States plans to play a 

HOBART ROWEN 
WASHINGTON ROST SERVICE 
W ASHINGTON - The key to the som ew hat com plicated economic stim ulus package announced Friday by P resi­ dent-elect Jim m y Carter is that it covers a two-year period. 
By scheduling tax reductions and spending program s that cover this year and most of next, C arter has finessed two tricky problems. 
F irs t, he h as reco g n ized th a t 

 averting a possible recession in 1978 or 1979 is as im portant as m aking good on his short-term promise to get the economy moving faster this year. 
Recovery 
Second, he has been able to propose a total program of roughly S ill billion in dimension, without adding more than $1o to $15 billion to the fiscal 
1977 deficit. What happens iii 1978 will depend in part on the extent of economic recovery 
The two-year approach will enable 
Carter to schedule m ore program s directly related to job-creation — as 

ANALYSIS 

 i 'arter loses writer 

H IW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

PLAINS, Ga. — A second mem ber of President-elect Carter’s inner circle will not be following bim into the White House, because the associate, Patrick Anderson, has decided to pursue his own career as a writer rather than serve as Carter’s chief speech writer. 

Anderson, author of the novel, “ The President's M istress" and other works of fiction and nonfiction, said he had "decided I would rather do my own writing." 

When Anderson conveyed his decision to Carter by telephone last 
Sunday. Carter suggested that Anderson “ consider doing a major hook on the administration" with Carter’s cooperation, the writer said. Describing it as a tempting idea, Anderson said that if he undertook the project he would probably be limited to a description of the first year of Carter’s presidency. 

 dem anded by both his labor su p ­ porters aud influential Congressional leaders — than bis own economists originally wanted to include. 
Iii tone. the total package is dis­ tinctly oriented toward Democratic party political co m m itm en ts, e m ­ phasizing spending for jobs and tax cuts focused on low-income groups. 
By contrast, President Ford's re­ cent proposal of $12.1 billion tax cut for calendar 1977 concentrated on tax relief for middle income groups and more liberal tax treatm ent for busi­ ness. 
$6 billion permanent 
Of C a rte r’s proposed tax red u c­ tions. only about $6 billion — $4 bil­ lion for individuals and $2 billion for business — appear to bt' permanent. 
This leaves ( arter considerable flex­ ibility for future tax reform propo­ sals. 
( arter leaned on the advice of Of­ fice of Management and Budget Dir­ ector-designate Bort Lance that it would bt* dangerous to sponsor a sti­ mulus more than $15 billion this year, because that would push the federal deficit for fiscal 1977 beyond $7o or 
$75 billion. 
To do so. L ance fe a re d , would squander a growing sense of confi­ 

 dence that in the incoming adm inis­ tration that had been built up in the business community. 

Even so, some Carter aides admit the two-year program will make it harder to reach the President-elect's goal of a balanced budget in fiscal 
1981, 

L aw rence It. Loin, who headed 
C arter’s advisory group during the cam paign, thinks that the priority given to the recovery program — which he agrees is necessary — pro­ bably postpones the balanced budget goal by a year or two. 

Most important 

Experts said Saturday Carter’s de­ cision to put more than a one-year 
"q u ick ie” stim ulus into place was probably the most important aspect of the package. 

"It greatly reduces the possibility of a real recession in 1978 or 1979." tax expert Joseph A. Pechman said in a telephone interview. 

Carter’s team has been concerned that even with a "shot in the arm " for 
1977, the normal business cycle would produce a true recession beginning in 
1978. They foresaw in c re asin g ly tough s tr u c t u r a l u n em p lo y m en t problems, tight money markets, and a new downturn in housing. 

 customs agents at Heathrow Airport here. 
M eanwhile, the p e rsis ten t team then bought two old cars. One of the gang had been told th at the c a rs would have hidden co m p artm en ts near the front w ing. 
The cars, one costing only SHO, were said by the judge Friday to be 
"crying out" to be stopped by cus­ tom s agents because they w ere so dilapidated. 
Carter’s 
Cabinet displeases 
Hispanics 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NFWS 
WASHINGTON, D C. - Two m em bers of President-elect 
Jimmy Carter’s talent-hunting team, including a San Anton­ ian, 
Saturday said 
H ispanic-A m ericans are un­ happy none were appointed to. 
Cabinet posts. 
F orm er State Sen. Joe Bernal of 
San Antonio and Henry Lacayo of Los 
Angeles said they hope sub-cabinet appointments will m ake up for the lack of a top job. 
Lacayo, who voiced Hispanic dis­ co n ten t to V ice P re s id e n t e lec t 
Walter F. Mondale Thursday, said, 
"T here’s been a letdown in the com­ munity. 
Margin of victory 
"We were the margin of victory in 
T exas, New York and Ohio. Even where the state went Republican, as in California, Chicano districts were from 7o to 82 per cent Democratic." 
Bernal, an aide to Lacayo in the 
C a rte r tra n s is tio n h e a d q u a r te rs , said, “ We’re frustrated.” 
He and Lacayo blamed a lack of communication between Chicanos in the Southwest. Cuban-Americans in 
Florida and Puerto Ricans in New 
York for the failure to match black political clout in the new adm inistra­ tion. 
Lists candidates 
Lacayo, who said he is going hack to his post as adm inistrative assis­ tant to United Auto Workers P resi­ dent Leonard Woodcock after the in­ auguration. listed some of the people he deem ed worthy of high go v ern ­ ment posts. 
He cited Antonio Amaya, attorney g eneral of New Mexico, as a co n ­ tender for a job in the Justice De­ partment. 

He also named Judge Cruz Reynoso of California’s third appellate district court but said Reynoso in d ic ated after a W ashington interview he would hesitate to sacrifice his tenure to take a Ju stice D epartm ent a p ­ pointment. 
Lacayo said, “ We are also asking 
Carter to retain Ed Aguirre as com­ missioner of education in the De­ partment of Health. Education and 
Welfare.’’ 
Little hope for 
Sinatra’s mom 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
PALM 
SPRINGS, 
Calif. — Authorities held little hope Satur­ day that Frank Sina­ tra’s mother or three other persons on a m issin g private jet might be found alive. 

M ountain c lim b e rs fought snow and high w inds to search for the missing 
Iwin-cngine jet on the highest reaches of Southern 
California’s tallest peak A helicopter was sent aloft, but there was no word of any sighting. 
Sinatra spent the day at lits Palm Spring home near search headquarters, wait­ ing for rep o rts from the search parties. 
The white Lear Jet dis­ ap p eared from r a d a r screens Thursday evening 

SUBURBAN; 9:3o to 6:oo Monday thru Saturday 

PARKING BEHIND DOW NTO W N STORE. 

DOW NTOW N: 9 :3 o to 5:3o Monday thru Saturday 

ALI MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Pufc>CvN*d Mmh S o V d o y . Sunday 
Lobo* 
Poy. 
Thank vgivmg 
Day, 
#6 
July 
4 
Chmfcmot Day. N*rw Very4 Dory. wfrsprt they 
OU ut M o****y through frid a y 
Alva pufcitsHod 
Qts a M onday, when M y 4 , 
D ay, 
Mew Year v Day a« a 
Sunday 
By The [»pf ess Newt Corporation 
P O 8o. 7 I / I 
!)un Anfeno. U .ai 787V7 
S»<o«d Clo*) b o tto g r Pox! or 
Vox Anton*®, !* * o * t x jiD w w corno oc<r ufo dc ii do d o ** el 
JR dc tw c * I R ? ! . 
Ie A,jct,A,.MUIIOX dc 
Coe root ex N o rc o loc coo. Tamp* , M e n o 

AU {am m onicor ocit wtouid be a b e t t e d to 
Son Acce m o (epee** 
OC S o" Am om o N e w * 
TH.* nr«.\papr< will no* tm ir*pon*et»te toe ma nu*, tip i) oc pHotogeapHt nor toi-i 'ted loc p u b lttatto n 

MAH SUBSCRIPTION RATKS 

IxMdr Tew* 
I Mo 
A Mo* 
I Vc 

M orning A Sundae . 
45 4® $? 8 l l $ 44 74 
Moci‘mg Only 
. , 
$4 64 473 9o 446 11 
I .exrcvc 4 Sunday 
44 OZ 4 ?6 13 4 4 o 46 
Evening O N , 
44 41 423 OS 444 
44 
Sunday O 'I , 
43 71 41 6 14 4 3 o 44 
(Poco* above mclude tote* toe } 

OTHER STATES 

* Sunday 
44 S I 431 34 4*1 
I / 
44 ?o 
4?7 47 
$43 74 
44 44 
4 3 o 76 446 99 
44 79 
476 4o 441 43 
43 48 
4 )6 94 43? 74 iSuUuxytiom toited* lean att net i # t ta t» I 

Home delta cm ic fnootMy core* tx Son An 
Ionia Morning and Sunday, 43 4 o p c' mon** 
(.Delude* lo ti 6 day Moeswng enty. 4? 7o pee 

 mooch (leuludet loci Sunday only — 4 Sunday m 41 47 pee month (include* leal 4 Sunday 
*• 41 84 pac m onth (include* ta a l 
C O M B IN A TIO N RATE 
M om ng. Evening, 
Voice'Poy end Sunday. 44 3 4 pet month. 

Mot rung Only 
Evening A Sunday 
(vencng Only 
Sunday Only 

 on a flight from P alm 
Springs to Las Vegas, Nev.. where Sinatra's 82-year-old m other, Natalie "D o lly ’’ 
Sinatra, was going to watch her son’s opening at ('ae-* sars Palace. Also on the plane w ere an o th er p a s ­ senger and a two-m an crew. 

San B ernardino County 
Sheriff’s Department spo­ kesmen said they believed the c h a rtered jet had slammed into the 9,ooo-foot level of Mt. San Gorgonio, which is 11,5o2 feet high 

Radar data 

Sheriffs* 
Deputy 
Vie 
Brim m er said radar data indicated the plane had hit the mountain at about 345 miles an hour. 

“ You can make your own guess about the chances for surviving a crash at that speed into g r a n it e ," lie said. 

Rocky trails on the slope are buried under six feet of snow, and the helicopter sent up look for wreckage reported heavy turbulence from winds. 

Late 
Saturday, clouds h am p ered visibility and officials said the search would be abandoned at nightfall and resum ed at daybreak Sunday. 
The owner of the missing jet, Chris Karamanos of Jet 
Aviation in Las Vegas, said the plane had carried some supplies, including b la n ­ kets, pillows, foodstuffs like fruit and cheese and crackers, and some liquor. 
He said it was not equipped with an emergency locator device that helps officials find downed aircraft. 
“ lf the plane went down intact, (the supplies) would be of some help," the sher­ iffs spokesman said. “ The danger iii this t>pe of thing is people try to walk away from the wreck. Normally if they stay with the a i r ­ c ra ft they have a b ette r chance of surviving." 
Brimmer, speaking from the com m and post at nearby Rialto Airport, said an 11-man search and res­ cue team was n ear the mountain's top. Another 22 to 3o men aw aited word from the team in an e n ­ cam pm ent at the base of th«' mountain. 
Lawns*'Beauty.. 
NURSERY m 
•6 5 o B ondoc Rood 
St. Aeguttute (Cabret) 
G R A S S . . 
PUU PALLET.......................# # * 
LISS THAN A PUU PAILET 
| 7 ( 
\ 4 
FLO R A !A M . Hiu baul?... I .9 # 
H- 
U U THAM a H IU b a u n ........................ 
I . p p *4 y4 
LIVI OAK TMIS...»tn«l«. double. 
A Triple Trunk 
7 777. ................... H S S . e d w 

P o t t e r y 

4 * fitU B IJ 

B e r k M o W h fretting Soil 
{ d o o r P l a n t * . * 
Ho—or Bed ideate large bat tarot ive Lark 

Treat 
Sfcrubs 
W e* 
Stei e n 
Tee!. 

 fen i It tm* 

PRODUCTS 
SIS# 

Solons’ stands over sick pay remain unclear 

. 
EXPRESS NEWS . Q 
K Electronic 

Fire, Police 
Sick Pay Law 

Do you favor the new law which allows firemen and policemen to accumulate unlimited sick leave and be paid for it at retirement, highest level of pay? retroactive at the 

N o ................................................ 
327 
53.6% 
Yes................................................ 
25o 
41.o% 
No opinion................................... . 33 
5.4% 
TOTAL..................................... 
6 1o 
1oo.o% 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
H 

Ma Bell and due process 
1 

Bell attorneys will ask Judge Spears to rule. The. jury was wrong. James and Bonnie Ashley were wrong, and 
Southwestern Bell was right. Ergo, throw out the charges and lodgment against, us. And decree that court costs of upward of $25,ooo should be defrayed, not by us. hut by the Ashlers. 

If Judge Spears demurs, the telephone company will move for a new trial. 
Failing there, assuming she does fail, “ Mother” will head into the Fourth Court of Civil Appeals, thence to the Texas Supreme Court, and on up to the U S Su­ preme Court 
Should a year or so of that kind of costly rigmarole end in frustration, Ma Bell still wouldn’t pay the Ash­ lers. Instead, she’d direct ber lawyers to come up with some expertly worded jargon that would get the whole mess started over again in the federal court system 

★ ★ ★ 

The Bell executives and their army of attorneys solemnly refer to all this as “ due process.” Honest, they really do. 
Take the $29.2 million damage filed against Bell two years ago last November by Ashley and the family of T. 
o. Gravity the phone company’s Texas chief who took his own life that same mouth. 

Thanks to Bell legal wrigglings, the opening gong on that one is as far awav as ever today. 

It s a Bell Inspired jurisdictional hassle. Filed ort ginally in state district court bere, the suit has bounced into federal court, then hack to district court, and — most recently — into federal court again. 

Thou there s the widow Gravitt’s $6oo a-month pen si on which Bell refuses to pay on grounds sh es suing the company. 
In a district court threshold, Judge Jam es McKay decided the widow had her pension coming. ticll promptly went to the Fourth Court of Civil Ap­ peals. was rejected there, and today has an appeal on file v.ith the Texas Supreme Court 
After that, who knows? As Ma Bell’s barristers say, there’s nothing like the great American “ due process.’’ 
The widow- has been waiting right at two years and three months now. 

+ + + 

And so we come to “ Mother’s" gargantuan rate hike demands laid on the newly constituted Texas Public 
Utility Commission a few months hack. 
All the company wanted from Texas ratepayers was 
$298 million more. 

PUC experts, hired to be fair and objective, came to the conclusion Bell was asking WO per cent too much and chopped the increase from $298 million to $57 8 million. 

Flaring with righteousness, Bell spokesmen charged that the commission “ violated the statutory mandate of the Public Utility Regulator) Act, ignored its own regulations, confiscated company property, and’denied the company (there’s that phrase again') due process of law.” 

So now “ Mother” will get a full dress rehearing before PUC commissioners 
And if commissioners fail to knuckle under and sweeten the rate hike package this tune ’ 
Why, BWl attorneys have already made it d eaf that the boys at PUC w ill he required to defend themselves, their theories and their .lodgments in the courts. lf the first judge rules against “ Mother.” she'll go to another and another., .and another At least that’s been her record on any and all contested issues lip t<i now 
You Know, lei me roll those dice long enough and often enough, sir, and I’ll come up with a seven 
Or as Ma Bell and her million-dollar attorneys prefer to put if. “ Due process,” 
Majority opposes unlimited sick leave 

 controversial law passed two years ago by the Hit Ii Legislature 
Ribak is author oi a lull mtr<*iu< cd in tins session which would change 
Hic law to exe m p t San Antonio 
Verbal bailie 
Both have engaged in a v erbal bat tie over the law ever since it became an issue between the San Antonio (tty 
Council and the city’s police and firemen 
Under the law, policemen aud fire* men in cities with a population over 
WM).(Min may accrue sick pay in unli­ mited amounts and take lump sum payment upon leaving the force 
After putting a belated pencil to it. the City Council came up with figures indicating the law will cost the city millions in th* immediate and long- range future. 
This sparked a move to have the law changed, with Hibak carrying the tight to the House Hour 
But even before Rihak’s proposed legislation was on paper and pre filed in the House, he and Loin ba rd mo he* came embroiled in a verbal exchange which has waxed hot aud heav y since 
IHI by shock waves 

The Bexar County legisl dive dele­ gation has not escaped the shock waves of the sick pay battle some are now calling “ unfortunate” and even 
“asinine " 
Lombardino's bill passed the. 64th 
Legislature by unanimous votes iii both houses 
This has led to charges some of the solons were 
“ railroaded” and 
“conned” into passing the law 
Not so, say a majority ut those who were present in that session (rn tin contrary, they feel the bill passed because the City of San Antonio voiced no opposition to it and, in fact. endorsed lf 
Now, faced with the issue again, they a p p e a r ready to m ak e San 
Antonio prove its case before tiny take some action, if any 
For a view ut their reactions, the 
Express-N ew s polled the Bexar 
County delegation during the past week 
Three m embers of flu delegation 

See SU K PAY, Page I2A 

PAUL 
THOMPSON 

Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. goes into 57th District. Court Monday m orning to nullify, if it can, last m o n th ’s $1 million “ w ire ta p p in g ” judgment in favor of Jam es and Bonnie 
Ashley. 

Bell will ask Judge Franklin Spears to set. aside that jury verdict on grounds (he trial produced “ no real evidence” of wiretapping on its part. 
In short, the jury was wrong. Right ’ 
The trial lasted three weeks. Jurors heard from dozens of witnesses whose testimony filled more than 
3.non pages Of legal foolscap. Bell admittedly spent half a million dollars in staging its defense. 
Then jurors deliberated nearly six hours before reaching the v erdict against Bell and for Hie Ashleys. 

And now, if you please, the telephone company strides back into the same courtroom to say, in effect. 
“ It was ail a farce.” 

By JERRY DEAL 
A majority of San Antonians are opposed to the firemen and police­ men lump sum sick leave law, an 
E xp ress-N ew s Electronic Poll re­ veals. 

The poll, which in the past was proven to he extremely accurate, shows 53.6 per cent of those questioned oppose the law. while only ll per cent favor the sick leave law. 
A total of 3 I per cent had no opinion. 

The question 
The question asked by the Ex­ press News Toll was: 
‘ Do you favor the new law which allows firemen and policemen to ac­ cumulate. unlimited sick leave and be paid for it at retirem ent, retroactive at the highest level of pay?” 
Of the 61o persons polled rn a soientiiie sampling from a1) sections of the cliv. 327 said they opposed the law while 25o said they favored it 
Fhirtv-three persons had no opinion 
The law gives firemen and police. men in San Antonio and Houston the ri -hi to accrue unlimited sick leave time which they are paid for when th* v refire 
City officials have become increas­ ingly concerned about the sick leave bill If allows some firemen and po­ licemen to draw $3o,ooo or more at retirem ent for unused sick leave time. 
State Sen Frank Lnmhardino. who introduced the bill during the last session of the Texas Legislature, also plans to conduct a poll. 
He has said this will he done through a mahout to 79.OKO voters in his 26th Senatorial District. 
Lombardino contends the lump sum law saves the city 2o to 25 per cent on fire and police operations. 
Scientific polling lie said the savings come in the form of pension money, vacations, hospitalization and clothing a l­ lowances the city does not have to pay 
The Ex press'News Electronic Pell, conducted by a professional polling or ansation using the latest elec­ tronic equipm ent and scientific polling techniques, was very close in the presidential race between Jimmy 

By DICK MERKEL and BOB OCHOA 
U PS) V , NI WX CAPITOL BURIAL) 
AUSTIN — D on’t expect 
Bexar County legislators to jump headlong into the battle over unlimited sick pay for San 
Antonio police and firemen. 

With obvious exceptions, the m a­ jority feeling among Hie 15m em ber delegation is one of “ show me” .is they prepare for the ripening gavel of the 65th Legislature Tuesday 
The two obvious exceptions are 
State Rep Abe Rihak and State Sen. 
Frank Lombardino. 
Lombardino was file author of the 

ARTISAN 
AT WOR K 

ROBERT CASTILLO begins the intricate work of turning a sheet of copper into a butterfly with a blowtorch during the croft demonstration Saturday at River Square marketplace. He holds the finished product at right. The daylong show gave local artisans a chance to demonstrate the creative aspects of their work. Demonstrations included macrame, pottery making, batiking and porcelain painting. -— Staff photos by Pat Hamilton 
("OPS, Sutton like 1o-1 plan 

Bv SARA MARTINEZ and DAVID MCLEMORE 

Communities Organized tor Public 
Service and State Rep Loa Nolle 
Sutton Saturday repeated their stand on tin- IO-1 districting plan They’re for if 

Opponents say districting will bring a return to ward bobs politics," 
Mrs Sutton said at a press confer­ ence sponsored by the Committee tor 
UM at the Downtown TraveLodge 
But there are interests which can pot be isolated to individual districts, 
They must have the support of the other districts ” 
“ Above all, districting will im ­ prove minority representation 
Example 

I am a living example of how dis­ tricting can work My husband ran at large twice for the state legislature and failed 
*U wa* not until Bexar County wax districted that niv husband was elected to the state legislature I succeeded him and represent a pre­ dominantly black area ban Antonians will vote next Sa­ turday whether to approve a City 
( halter change to elect IU council m em bers from individual districts and the mayor at large. 
Nine council members, including the mayor, presently are elected at large. 
Absentee voting for the election began Dec, 27 and ends Tuesday, ban 
Antonians may vote from 2 to 6 p m. 

Sunday at. the city c le rk ’s office, 
McCreless Shopping City, Windsor 
Park Shopping Mall. N orthw est 
Center, North Star Mall and Villa 
Vera rn end l Homes 
COPS representatives gathered at 
St Timothy’s Catholic Church. Iii j 
Saltillo St . to begin their voter drive in favor of th*' IU I plan. 
The districting plan we will vote on next week offers the fairest means ot representation for th*’ entire city,” 
COPS President Beatrice Gallegos said 

“ It will place the representative elected from a district closer to the people and their problems 

COPS will take pro* 1o-1 informa­ tion to all areas in the city to fry and get out the vote, Mrs Gallegos said 

“ We predict this will be another small vote.” she said The statement was in reference to the referendum election last year in which San An­ tonians voted to stop development over the Edwards Aquifer by a 2*1 margin. 

Ten reasons for districting in San 
Antonio were repeated at both rn* cl­ ings 

Districting allows for neighborhood responsibility from elected officials, an election system in which the average cit izen can be a candidate for 
City Council, elections w hen the votes of th* people and not money 
(Glint heavily, grass roots polities. more equal city services and even. uniform growth of the city, pamph­ lets passed out at both meetings said. 

Sunday 
^ 1 ideas 
Another foreign vessel runs into trouble o ff I .S. coast 

 indoors, 
.outdoors, all around the River C ity 1 

 f re e #■» en ! *>, utile** t»th*'ru i’m * iii* titr a te d , for you a m i so u r fa m ily to d a y , 

THEATER — 
New York City's 
Acting Com pany’s production of 
” ( am ino R eal” at 2 TU p rn iii 
TrinitN University’s Ruth Taylor 
Theater Tickets,are $7 5o and $8AU 

CONCERT - 
The Texas Bach 
(heir at 8 p m Mass at St Luke’s 
Episcopal ( hurch 

FILM — Travel adventure, “ Ma­ gic Islands of the World.” at 8 p m at 
Hie Agudas Aelnm Synagogue, 12o1 
Donaldson Ave. 

TREATER — 
Church Theater’s 
“The F a n t a s t i c ” at 3 p m at 115o 
S Alamo Si Tickets are $5 

STAR TREK - 
Star Trek crta- tor producer Gene Roddenberry, the original pilot and two reels of 
“ bloopers" at 7 p m in the Conven­ tion Center Arena Tickets are $3 5o and $6 5o for adults with half price ti* kets for children under 12 

DOG SHOH — Bexar County Ken­ nel Club Show benefiting the Cystic 
Fibrosis 
Foundation at 
Joske's 
North star lower level parking lot. 
Registration is from 8 to 1o.45 a.m. 
Judguig starts at 11:3o a.m. 

4SSOOAUD M C S 

A L iberian -reg istered ship w-as rocked by an ex­ plosion about 3oo miles off the Virginia coast on Sa- turday, the ninth foreign flag vessel to run into trou­ ble in U S rivers, harbors or coastal waters in less th.m ,t month 
One ship, the Panaman­ ian tanker Grand Zenith carr) mg a crew of 38 and 8 million gallons of oil, re­ mains missing and is pre­ sumed sunk 
Three others have - pilled a total of about 7.7 million callous of oil. another blew up, killing ti persons, the rest continued their jour­ neys with cargoes intact and no deaths after running aground, 
Regulation 

The incidents involving foreign-registered ships have led to call for greater regulation of such ships while operating in U S waters under international safety regulations less stringent than ti b stan­ dard*. 
‘ The Unite*! States has been reluctant to set stan­ dards, but with the vast amount of oil coining into the country, the time has come to set more stringent standards,” said Russell F 
Tram, administrator of the 
Environmental Protection 
Agency. 

The Coast Guard said it learned of the latest inci­ dent Saturday when the 
79o-foot Mary Ann, carry­ ing only ballast, reported that an explosion and fire had occurred while the vessel was cleaning its tanks 
I tic Coast Guard -aid the 
Liberian ship. built to carry oil or m etallic ore, was nun mg again toward the 

East Coast under its own power and did not appear to he in danger of sinking 

Meanwhile, th* discovery of debris and fuel oil from the Grand Zenith narrowed the search for possible sur­ vivors from the vessel’s 
38 man crew 

I In Grand Zenith was last heard (rom Dec 3o and is presum ed sunk 

 in progress 

Searchers have found two life jackets, a trunk and mattress from th* tanker in an area about 33o miles east southeast of ( aj>e Cod 
The costliest accident in confirmed human loss oc­ curred in Los Angeles har­ bor on Dec 
17 when the bailsmen.!. of Liberian r e ­ gistry’, blew up and killed ll persons No significant spill occurred 

'OUR SEMI-ANNUAL CLEARANCE! 

Regular Fall and Winter Stocks 

Reduced 
1/3 to I / 2 OFF 

Dresses, Coats, Jackets, Skirts, Slacks, Pantsuits, Sweaters 
THE HARRIS SHOP FOR PENDLETON 

6 / 1 2 N. New Braunfels Ave, 
M aster Charge 
828-2876 
BanUAmencord 

 by Winston Daniel 
Starsky plots his own TV death opts for movies 

ZANY movie actor Gene Wilder just can’t resist a joke—whoever he’s with 
In the photo above, his companion is his 15-year- old daughter Katie. They were pictured at a party the other night at New York’s Tavern On The 
Green. 
Reason for the bash1’ The premiere of Wilder’s new film, Silver Streak Wilder, who won millions of fans as the Young Frankenstein, hopes his new movie will also bt* a monster success. 

PAUL MICHAEL GLASER wants out of 
TV’s top-rating series. Starsky And 
.'utch. Glaser, who plays Starsky. has tiled a court action against producers 
Spelling-Goldberg. in an attempt to end his five-year contract. 
The suit alleges that the producers broke their agreement with Glaser by failing to pay him back salary — amounting to only a few thousand dollars, I’m told. But the cash angle is just a ploy, which Glaser admits. 
“ I’ve fought to make Starsky & Hutch as good a series as it could be and now I’m ready to move on,’’ he told me. “This law suit is the only way out.” Glaser believes his future is in movies. 
Now we know who s to blame for HOW­ 
ARD COSELL. Kojak star TELLY SAVA- 
LAS, in New York making yet another se- 
Pilot builds a 1,ooo-mph 
*dream jet’ in his backyard 

Ties, recalled meeting 
“this bright, intelligent and very successful lawyer” 2o years ago, when Telly was producer and program originator at ABC. 
“He wanted to get into news broadcast­ ing,” Telly said. “He kept telling me that he would be well known one day. Of course, it was Howard. 
“To get him out of my hair I gave him a kiddies program, and had him doing sports for children. He was the same as he is now 
— with a bigger choice of words than life it­ self, precise and punctillious. I left for eight years in Europe, and when I returned I found that Howard had become the star — or should that be monster of television?” 
The two cylinders strapped to the micro­ phone of singer-guitarist JOHN ENTWHIS- 
TLE of THE WHO band are not sophisti­ cated musical aids. One holds Southern 
Comfort bourbon and the other white wine, which Entwhistle sips through plastic tubes during con­ certs. 

Darryl Greenamyer with his FHN Starfighter it's a dream come true. 
WHEN test pilot 
Darryl 
Greenamyer first set eyes on the $3 million F1o4 Starfighter jet. he fell in love. 
That was IO years ago Today, 
Darryl has his own Starfighter — put together rn his backyard from bits and pieces he has bought, begged and borrowed. 
He started out with a small jack screw that controls the Star- tighter’s wing jacks. It cost him 
$15. 
Bit by bit. he spent $2oo,ooo on his dream plane And even then he had to borrow an engine to get it airborne 
But the 
4o-year-old former 
Lockheed test pilot is already breaking records with his home made jet. He has unofficially bro­ ken the low altitude jet spe< d rec­ ord with a mark of 1o1o mph, and now he's zeroing in on the altitude record of 118,898 ft., held by the 
Russian Foxhat. 
Darryl shrugs off the Starfigh- ter's sinister reputation 
It is known to air forces around the 

 world as the Widowmaker cause hundreds have crashed 
“ When I first saw it, I thought it was beautiful,” said Darryl, a bachelor of Sun Valley, Calif. “ I had to fly it ” 
He did get his chance ll years ago when ne flew it as a test pilot 
— and his desire to have one of his own increased. 
“ I immediately went home and started collecting parts for the 
F1o4,” he said. 
Ever since he has been digging deep into his pockets to scrape to­ gether the rest of the plane’s thou­ sands of components. 

“ Even if I had been rich I couldn’t have afforded to buy a ready-made plane,” he said “The government won’t allow individu­ als to buy one.” 

Darryl added 
“The hardest parts to collect were the fuselage and wings, because of Defense 
Department regulations that all war weapons must be chopped up before they are sold. 

“When I started asking the Air 
Force and Lockheed for such large components, I think they thought I was trying to build my own air force. But eventually the aircraft company sold me the wings for $2,5oo.” 
When Darryl finally moved his nearly-completed 
Starfighter from his backyard into a hangar, the only missing part was an en­ gine. 
An anonymous donor, hearing of Darryl’s plight, stepped for­ ward with a $35o,ooo, machine more powerful than the engine usually fitted into the jet. 
On September 18 last year, Dar yl took his sleek orange and white jet on its first test flight, 

He said: “ I've flown a lot of dangerous aircraft but when you put it together yourself you just wonder; Are all those rivets hold­ ing hands?” 

Darryl unofficially broke the low altitude speed record on his seventh flight. 

★ ★ ★ 

Actresses LAUREN BACALL, 
SALLY 
KELLERMAN and 
BRENDA VACCARO blasted the 
Teheran film festival organizers for the “ lousy food, poor transpor­ tation and longdistance hotel ac­ commodation. 
They vowed they wouldn’t accept the free trip again. The only American to stay on despite the lack of caviar was actor TONY MUSANTE. 
ELIZABETH TAYLOR is bat­ tling tax officials over a $35o,ooo bill they presented her with four ears ago. Liz, now esconced in r Swiss villa with new husband 
JOHN 
WARNER, says she shouldn’t pay because she re­ nounced her U.S. citizenship in 
1964. 
But the IRS disagrees, saying she filled in the wrong form in 
1964 and didn’t get round to send­ ing in the right one until two years later — and that money is owing them for that period. 
MAE WEST has agreed that ex- 
Beatle RINGO STARR, who is young enough to be her great grandson, should play one oF her 
Former husbands in Sextet. 
Jazz great HERBIE HANCOCK waited for several days in the lob­ by of a New York hotel recently 

Glaser. He wants to make his name in movies. hoping for an audience with EL­ 
TON JOHN. But the petulant Brit­ ish star refused to see the pianist with the explanation: “ With his credits he shouldn’t be acting like a groupie". Replied Herbie: “I didn’t even want a job — I just admire the guy”. 
Viking Press is sending out printed replies to all those aspir­ ing writers pestering JACKIE 
ON ASSIS with their manuscripts 
— minus 
Jackie’s signature 
“Most of them are autograph hunters” explained a Viking boss. 
“ We don’t fall for that one”. 
The Secret Service is sticking with the letter ‘L’ in fixing code names for the new first family. 
JIMMY CARTER is to be known as ‘Lockmaster’, his wife as 
‘Lotus Path’ and daughter Amy as ‘Lemon Drop*. 
GEORGE LAZENBY, the hand­ some Australian model-tumed- film star who had a short one- movie reign as James Bond, is now living in Santa Monica and scraping tor TV bit parts. “ I had a wild time in the Bond days but it killed my career stone dead,” he said, “i’m an unknown actor struggling to get back again — 

Meanwhile another oo7 is in trouble. ROGER MOORE is said to be upset at the upcoming biog­ raphy of his ex-wife, 56-yr-old singer DOROTHY SQUIRES. Ap­ parently, he’s not pleased at the detailed disclosure of some love letters he wrote to her, and is seeing lawyers. 
Leggy actress VALERIE PER­ 
RINE owns a pick-up truck, with 

Katharine Ro m , M id to b a a difficult lady to work looks docile enough as she relaxes In a New York restau­ rant with husband Tom Us!. 

★ 

 ic 

★ 

★ 

★ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

 a 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

 h ban Antonio tXKKtbb-NfcWb— Munday January 9 1 9 7 7 

SALE! 
999 
TO2199 

Orig. 18.oo-44.oo 

• Red Cross* 
• Nina 
• Palizzio 
• Connie 

• Life Stride 
• Caressa 
• Air Step 
• Jacqueline 

Hurry in and renew your shoe wardrobe with these beautiful styles and save! Choose from dress, sports and casual looks in leathers, suedes, patents and man-made materials. Theres a big selection of colors just riqht for now . . . black, navy, tans, browns, reds and other winter tones. Not all sizes in all styles in all stores but a big selection in every store. Shop early for the best selection in your size! 
Women's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park and Austin. Use your charge card! 

•This product has no connection whatever with the National American 
Red Cross. 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO TIL 9! 
JOSKE’S ee A iran Of allod ir o n s 

Mendoza suggests moving deputies 

Precinct 5 Justice of the 
P eace Leo M endoza J r . suggested Saturday that three deputy constables in his precinct be reassigned to other precincts. 
Then, he said in a state­ m ent. newly sworn in Con­ stable I. H. “ Ish” Garza could hire three new de­ puties of his own liking. 
Garza last week told de­ puties Ed Isbell, Rudy Za­ mora and Pete Garcia not to come back to work. They had been d ep u ties for former Precinct 5 Consta­ ble Jack “ Farm er” Brown. 
B ex ar County C om m is­ sioners Court has passed the dispute on to the Civil 
Service Commission. 
“ Due to the fact that the 
Ju stice Court and the Con­ stable’s Office work in con­ junction in dispensing jus­ tice in P recinct 5, I ani greatly concerned that un­ less this problem is solved expediently and equitably the serv ices to the com ­ munity could be affected,” 
Mendoza said 
He said he was confident the commission would give the m atter careful consi­ deration, but faster action was needed. lh; said because of the three deputies’ civil service status it would he better to transfer them within the county so Garza could hire new men. 

Save 5o% now! 
IWomen's semi-annuall famous brand shoe 

Students talk way into title 

SPtC IA l IO IH I IXM tESS NfcWS 

C O R PU S C H R IST I 
- 
Jefferson High School of 
San Antonio walked away with top honors in a speech tournament Friday and Sa­ turday at Ray High School here. 
It was the 22nd consecu­ tive sweepstakes (first in overall competition) award for Jefferson in the past two years. 
Top individual honors went to Jefferson student 
Irm a A risp e, who was named outstanding indivi­ dual speaker and outstand­ ing debater. 
MacArthur. Lee and Ala­ mo Heights high schools also p articip ated in the two-day tournament which attracted 32 schools from throughout the state. 
The following is a list of 
Jefferson and M acArthur 
High School winners: 
• JE FFE R SO N - Irma 
A rispe took fir s t p lace awards in girls extem por­ aneous speaking and ori­ ginal oration and Francisco 
Gonzalez won first place in boys extem p oraneou s speaking and third place in original oration. 
Thomas Bruner won first place in dramatic interpre­ tation and Ju lia n Ponce took first place in boys prose and second place in boys poetry. 
Leslie Sotoodeh won se­ cond place in girls prose, 
Tony Andrew took second place in humorous inter­ pretation and Ja m ie Lyda was named second place winner in original oration. 
The duet acting team of 
Russel Merdeth and Ellen 
Miller won third place. 
• MacARTHUR - David 
Edm onson won second place in boys prose. Denise 
Palm er was named first place winner in girls prose 

I and second place winner in g irls poetry w ith Ju d y 
Blum receiving third place in girls poetry. 
Gunshot death is probed 

Police continued the in­ vestigation Saturday into the death of a San Antonio teen -ag er found shot to death in an automobile. 
O fficers identified the victim as Henry Pedraza, 
18. of 522 Hazel Ave. 
No weapon has been found, police said. 
The victim was found slum ped in the d river s seat in a car parked on the 
UK) block of Quixote Walk shortly after ll p.m ., of­ ficers said. 
Police said an unidenti­ fied person called EM S to report the shooting. 
The v ictim w as pron­ ounced dead at Green Ho­ spital at 12 o5 a m. Satur­ day Police said he received a gunshot wound to the head. 
_________________ 

Keheareli head nam ed fellow 

J .H U Brown, coordina­ tor of the Southw est R e­ search Center Consortium, has been elected a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical 
Engineers. 

•was**-*!' 

Av I J ITT; A 11 jl 

Joske's presents an informal series of winter classes 

NEW YEAR — NEW YOU 

A contemporary approach to developing your full beauty and grooming potential. Designed for women of all ages. Class will cover make-up, hair care, wardrobe, posture, attitudes, diet and exercise. DOWNTOWN — Mondays, January 24 - February 28, 
1o:3o - 12 Noon; WINDSOR PARK — Thursdays, January 27 - 
March 3, 7 - 8:3o p.m. Fee $25.oo. 

MAKE-UP, HEALTH AND 
BEAUTY FOR THE BLACK WOMAN 

A unique experience in developing your inner beauty. The course is designed for the Black Woman and her beauty needs. 
NORTH STAR — Tuesdays, January 25 - March 1 , 7 - 8:3o p.m.; 
DOWNTOWN — Thursdays, January 27 - March 3, 7 - 8:3o p.m. 
Fee $25.oo. 

INTERIOR DECORATING 

This condensed course teaches you how to plan on a working budget. Developing creative plans room by room. DOWNTOWN 
— Mondays, January 24 - February 28, 7 - 8:3o p.m. Fee $25.oo. 

YOGA 

A complete program for self improvement of Body, Mind and 
Spirit. DOWNTOWN — Tuesdays, January 25 - March I, 1o:3o - 
12 noon. Fee $2o.oo. 

MICROWAVE COOKING 

Let us introduce you to the miracles of Microwave cooking . . . for every home and budget. The six weeks courses will include lecture-demonstrations, question and answer periods, and recipes for the "Gourmet” and the "Old Fashioned" cook. 
DOWNTOWN — Basic Microwave, Wednesday, January 26 - 
March 2, 1o:3o - 12 noon; Gourmet Microwave, Friday, January 
28 - March 4, 1o:3o - 12 noon. Fee $2o.oo. 

ADVANCED MODELING 
This class is for girls who have completed the 
Joske's 
Seventeen 
Beautyworks or the equivalent training. It covers all the modeling techniques, such as photography, formal and in­ formal modeling, stage posing, ramp routines and various other aspects of modeling, plus a graduation fashion show. 
DOWNTOWN 
— 
Saturdays, January 29 - March 5, I - 2:3o p.m. 
Fee $2o.oo. 

SEVENTEEN BEAUTYWORKS 
Seventeen Beautyworks is presented in co­ operation with SEVENTEEN Magazine for girls ages 14 to 18. It covers modeling, wardrobe co­ ordination, hair styling and care, plus much more. Taught by professional model Donna. A graduation fashion show is featured at the end of the course. WINDSOR PARK — Wednesdays, 
January 
26 
- 
March 
2, 
5 
- 
6:3o p.m.; 
DOWNTOWN 
— 
Saturdays, 
January 
29 
- 
March 5, 1o:3o - 12 noon. Fee $2o.oo. 

JUNIOR WORKSHOP 
A class for girls ll to 13, includes instruction by a professional model in basic modeling techni­ ques, hair and skin care, and wardrobe selec­ tion, plus a graduation fashion show. 
DOWNTOWN 
— 
Saturdays, 
January 
29 
- 
March 5, 3 - 4:3o p.m. Fee $2o.oo. 

PRETTY GIRL ** 
This class is for girls ages 6 to IO. It covers good grooming, etiquette, posture and basic modeling, and is taught by professional model 
Donna. The class meets for five Wednesdays, plus a graduation fashion show. WINDSOR 
PARK — Wednesdays, January 26 - February 
23, 4 -5p. m. Fee $15.oo. 

ADULT ART 
Develop your artistic talents in sketching discipline, oil, water colors and acrylics. 
DOWNTOWN — Wednesdays, January 26 
March 2, I - 2:3o p.m. Fee $2o.oo. 

BASIC SKETCHING 
Enrich your visual expression through the media of drawing. Learn perspective, light and shade, basic composition, through perceptual and expressive drawing. WINDSOR PARK — 
Wednesdays, January 2o - March 2, 7 • 8 3o p m. 
Fee $25.oo. 

MACRAME ** 
Learn the basic knot tieing techniques to con­ struct plant holders, wall hangings, belts and jewelry. DOWNTOWN — Tuesdays, January 25 
- February 8 or February 15 - March I. Two separate three week classes will be held. Fee per session $15.oo. 

BELLY DANCING 
This is the oldest form of dance in the world. It combines the pleasure of learning the dance with exercise. WINDSOR PARK — Tuesdays, 
January 
25 
- 
March 
I, ll 
- 
12 noon; 
DOWNTOWN 
— Thursdays, 
January 
27 
- 
March 3, 6 - 7 p.m. Fee 25.oo. 

ASTROLOGY 
Learn how the planets can help you. What lies ahead for you in health, love and financial mat­ ters. Develop your own chart under expert direction. 
WINDSOR 
PARK 
— 
Tuesday, 
January 25 - March I, 7 * 8:3o p.m. Fee $2o.oo plus $3.oo for materials. 

BIO RHYTHMS 
Find new meanings in how your basic physical, emotional and intellectual cycles affect your daily life. 
WINDSOR 
PARK 
- 
Tuesdays. 
January 25 - March 2, 7 - 8:3o p m. Fee $2o.oo plus $3.oo for materials. 

BACKGAMMON 
This ancient game has become the nation's newest fad. The six weeks course will include: instruction, lecture, question and answer period and actual play. NORTH STAR — Wednesdays, 
January 26 - March 2. 7 - 8:3o p.m. Foe $2o.oo. 

FRESH & ALIVE PLANT CLINIC 
Class participation will be tho highlight of this exclusive clinic on house plants. Learn about seed germination, cuttings, rooting, the "Black 
Thumb , fertilizers, "sure-fire” transplanting, in­ sect control, plants for the connoisseur and much, much more Taught by Jim Andersen of 
Fresh & Alive. NORTH STAR —- Thursdays 
January 27 - March 3, 7 - 8: 3o p.m. Fee $2o.oo. 

TO ENROLL 
Call Joske’s Special Events Office, 227-4343, ext. 
7oo, Monday through Friday, 9:3o a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Enrollment is limited, so make reservations early. Class fees may be charged to Joske's a c ­ counts on the first day of classes. All classes meet once a week for six weeks except where designated 
**, The classes will be held: 
DOWNTOWN — Hemisfair Room, 4th floor; 
NORTH STAR —- Star of the North Restaurant, 
3rd floor; WINDSOR PARK — Training Room, lower level. 
JOSKE’S 
MB A UNIT Of A U .lt!) STOMS 

Form er R u ssian merchant seam an described by FBI its cool-h eaded 

 classified document from an BCA Corp. research center that works on top secret communications s a ­ tellites and defense pro­ jects. 
Patient 

The FBI complaint por­ trayed Rogalsky as a pa­ tient espionage agent who tried to cultivate a U.S. contact to feed him vital 
American defense secrets. 
The information was passed to Yevgeniy Karpov, a member of the Soviet in­ telligence network posing as part of the Russian delegation to the United 
Nations, according to the federal court complaint. 
As second secretary of the Soviet mission at the. 
U N., Karpov has diploma­ tic immunity and cannot he arrested by U.S. author­ ities. Ile can, however, be asked to leave the country. 
Louis A. Giovanetti, FBI agent in ch a rg e of New 
Je r se y , said Karpov had long beent suspected of be­ me a S on let intelligence agent. Neither he nor the 
U.S. 
State Depertment would comment on when or if Karpov would be expelled from the united States. 
Meetings 

Authorities said, Ro­ galsky had been under siir- 
\eillance for six months before his arrest. They said he held nearly a dozen meetings with Paul S Nek­ rasov. an BCA engineer who was secretly cooper­ ating with the FBI. 

Nekrasov, a senior pro­ ject engineer at R CA 's 
Astro Electronics Division in Hightstown, began feed­ ing unclassified informa­ tion to Rogalsky in October 
197H. the FBI said. 

On Nov. 7,1974, Rogalsky told Nekrasov that Karpov was is Russian contact and that he wanted certain questions answered, the complaint said. Rogalsky then urged Nekroxov to provide classified, top se* cret documents, the FBI said, and last Wednesday 
Rogalsky told Nekrasov that Karpov wanted a do­ cument “ containing secret satellite communications’* 

MONDAY! 

 as spy 

After many of the meet­ ings, Rogalsky reported to 
Karpov, the 
FBI said. 
Agents said information was passed to Karpov, but no data vital to U S n a ­ tional security reached the 
Soviet Union. 

IO A.M. 

SAVINGS IN 
EVERY 

DEPARTMENT 

J? fU TD V 
U 
JE! 
JtLa V IiiJli. I 
STORE! 

Soviet alien held 

NEWARK. N J. (AP) - 
A former R ussian m e r ­ chant seaman who told his 
New Jersey neighbors he defected to the United 
States several y ears ago was described by the FBI on Saturday as a cool-head­ ed spy who passed Ameri­ can defense secrets to tin1 
Soviets. 
Ivan 
R ogalsky. a 
3 4 - y e a r • o I d u n e rn p I o y e d mechanic, was held without bail in the Bergen County 
Jail on espionage charges punishable by death. Ile was represented by a public defender at his arraign­ ment Satu rd ay morning before U.S. M a gistra te 
William J. Hunt. 
Bachelor 

Rogalsky, a bachelor, is a resident alien described by his 
J a c k s o n 
Township neighbors as so m e tim e s lonely, often troublesome. 
They said lie made no at­ tempt to hide his love for his native land, which he told them he left when he jumped ship in a German port in 1971 
He said he came to the 
United States later via 
Germ any and Spain, a c ­ cording to acquaintances. 
Rogalsky was arrested 
F riday night in rural 
Lakewood Township. He had in his p ossession a 

S T A R G O S S I P 
McQueen sues fellow 

Diet drug an aphrodisiac 

A NEW diet drug is turning women on as it turns oft their appetites. 
After she took the drug, Mazindol, one woman’s desire for sex becam e so powerful her husband had to find a job 
I closer to home. 
The drug has been an aphrodisiac for about five per m cent of the women he has prescribed it, Canadian Dr Leo 
Friesen said in the authoritative medical journal The 
Lancet. 
“ They feel a passionate desire for sex even though in some cases they have never experienced this emotion," he reported. 
“ One 4o-year-old woman took Mazindol to reduce her appetite. It worked very well, but in addition, she experi­ enced a strong craving for sexual intercourse 
"After his wife had been on the drug for several weeks, her husband had to give up his out-of-town job for a lower 
| paid one close to home because of her desires." 
A spokesman for the m anufacturer said he was una- 
X . ware of the diet pill’s side effect. 

Pet tor sale: 
Buy of a risk 

TOM LEASE hasn t had m any prospective buyers for 
Little 
Sheba, the cougar he’s trying to sell. She s spoiled, sickly, danger­ ous, and costs $1,5oo. 
Little Sheba is one of five cats 
Lease’s company, Cougars Unlim­ ited of Arlington, Tex , rents to 
Lincoln-Mercury dealers for promotions. 
"She had a respiratory disease and we had to place her in a fos­ ter home,” (.ease said. "She got so much attention that now she s spoiled." 
Those who think 15-month-old 
Little Sheba might be a nice nov­ elty even with all her faults should know her monthly food, medical bills and other upkeep run about $1oo And she scratches 
— especially children. 

STARSCOPE ★ S T ARSCOPE ★ STARSCOPE 

ARILS: 
March 
21 to April 19 

LOTIONS run high in ur family. Avoid a r­ menia over money, 
>u are feeling more h m I w now, 
A eak in your routine is doomed. 
□ 

TAI IH S: April 
2o lo \la> .HI 

AVOID emotional con­ flicts and financial dealings You may get good news from a dis­ tance. 
Jum p at any opportunity to travel at this tim e. 

 r e t 
(it MINI: 
Ma) 
21 to June 21 

REPRESS your emo­ tions when dealing with cow orkers or family friends 
Your resent­ ments can actually make you physically iii 
Don't act without think­ ing 

I AM KH: June 
22 to July 22 

CONTROL your em o­ tions Avoid over indulg­ ences. At week’s end, you are at the low of your monthly and year­ ly cycles and you will accomplish little. 

P ' 
IH I: July 2.1 to 
August 22 
IX)MEST1C problems irritate you. You feel overly protective. Don’t play the m artyr. Others make dem ands on your time. Don’t m ake them feel guilty. 

I v ) 
\ IHC .<» 
\ugust 
; i to S pi 22 
PROBLEMS arise* with relatives or neighbors. 
Transportation prob­ lems also crop up Adopt a freer attitude with family m em bers. New romantic adventures 

I.IRRA; Septem­ ber 21 to (k l a 

FORESIGHT is one of your virtues, but car­ ried to extrem es, it re­ sults in indecision and missing many oppor­ tunities 
Control it to avoid confrontations 

 m inti'iO: Octo­ ber 21 to Soc 22 

CYCLE high. Find posi­ tive outlets for ail that baeked-up energy. Be careful of extravagance and deceptive moue tory practices. A threat hovers over travel. 

• J R 
SAI,ITI AHII v 
BMI Nov 23 to Dec 21 

YOUR mind and body are recharged for the month ahead But don t discuss financial m at­ ters You’ll fly off the handle and cause argu­ ments. 

( APRI! DRN: 
Dec 22 lo Jon 19 

SECRETS com* into the open 
Energy and ex­ citement pick up as the 
Sun and Mars neat up your sign. Others may change plans. 

AOI ARII S 
Jan 21) to Keb IM 

THESE are good days to become better ac­ quainted with the per­ son you are inside Lis­ ten to those inner voices and dream s thin give directions 

P V I 
PIM KS: b f j I cb 19 to Mart h *1 
DESTINY seem s to play m ean little tricks. 
Those at a distance may disappoint you. 
Ncp tune spreads a strange glow over career plans 
DOW 
LAURIE BRADY 

ABC’s multi-million dollar deal to snare BAR­ 
BARA WALTERS (left) might have snared a flop. According to the latest Neilson, superstar 
B arbara is getting a sm aller share of the early evening news audience than HARRY REASON­ 
ER did when solo. Meanwhile, back at NBC, executives gleefully report the Today ratings have climbed since B arbara's departure. Her replacem ent Jane Pauley got a 59 percent audi­ ence increase one week. 

 superstars 

STEVE MCQUEEN looking m ore these days like an overweight panhandler (picture left) has launched an 
$8o,ooo suit against F irst Artist Productions which is owned by himself and other stars, including BAR­ 
BRA 
STREISAND, 
PAUL 
NEWMAN, 
DUSTIN 
HOFFMAN and SIDNEY POITIER. 
McQueen claim s his fellow stars are being m ean to him by not putting up the cash to launch his latest film project, Old Times, a movie he intends to pro­ duce as well as star in. 
The project was to be the third of a three-film deal he made with the company The first two. The G eta­ way and An Enemy Of The People. 
No word from Steve’s buddies in First Artist, ex cept perhaps they are getting a little tired of his her mit-like eccentricites. 
★ ★ ★ 
The next season of 
American Sportsman which returns to ABC soon will feature LEE MARVIN hunt­ ing black m arlin off the coast of Australia, actress- photographer CANDICE BERGEN learning to drive a formula one racing car in California, profootballer 
LARRY CSONKA dove hunting in Mexico, actor JA­ 
SON MILLER fishing for tarpon off Costa Rica. 
WILLIAM 
CHRISTOPHER. 
M*A*S*H s 
Father 
Mulcahy, forced a change in the shooting schedule of a recent episode titled Hepatitis, because he fell ill with — hepatitis. 

Connie Stevens lends a helping hand to her ex-husband, 
James Stacy, who suffered crippling Injuries In a road acci­ dent several years back. 

 the license plate 
RATS . She ex­ plains: "R ats spelled backwards is supposed to be what I am in 
Hollywood, I drive a truck in­ stead of a c a r because I need room for my three large dogs. It s the easiest way of travelling with them ," 
BOB HOPE isn t joking about the ghost town he owns: Corrigan­ ville, Calif. It really has become a ghost town 
Bob bought it IO years ago to rent out for movies and TV westerns like Gunsmoke. 
But with the dem ise of westerns on the tube, the only business he can drum up for it now is a two- day motorcycle race once a year. 

★ ★ ★ 
DANI GRECO is said to furious over reports that she battled with 
DAVID JANSSEN at La Sea la restaurant in Los Angeles. But she does confirm that they have split. 
Pugilistic departm ent: 
RYAN 
O’NEAL was furious when he heard that HELMUT BERGER had allegedly described him at a party as "a beachboy who can’t act’’. Ryan storm ed into On The 
Rex, a private club on the Strip, shoved Berger against a wall and said: " I know what you’ve been saying about me! ’’ Helmut got out of the predicam ent by pleading he 

 was only repeating what someone else had said. O’Neal unclenched his fist and allowed his would-be opponent to leave. 
Meanwhile 
O’Neal has been having tea-for-two with velvet­ voiced JONI MITCHEL!, every night at his Malibu beach house, 
TED KNIGHT of the Mary Ty­ ler Moore Show wasn't exactly head of his class back in his hometown of Terryville, Conn 
"He couldn’t even spell his real nam e correctly: Taoewurz Wlad- zuikonopka." I was told. If it s any consolation to Ted, neither could anybody else. 
BURT REYNOLDS was back in hospital again the week before 
Christm as, taking a "com plete rest.” Reynolds, said to tx* a "as weak as hell’’, checked into the 
Good Sam aritan hospital in West 
Palm Beach Hts condition is said to have been caused by his back breaking movie schedule and a 
"lack of continuity" in his medi­ cal treatm ent. 
BARRY NEWMAN, star of the defunct Petrocelli TV series, is hobbling around the tennis courts these days with his left leg strapped up because of a tom ligament. 

Colum n e©n*»tf»ulion* b | Chorio* Comer 
A Joan Pion* do Loeovieh 

Guess who? Ifs superstar Steve Mc­ 
Queen in Hollywood last week — and he’s not wearing make-up. 

Sun* M>‘. H ah )\ knit c rib sheet 

Keg. S .L 2 D 
2 ^ 

W h ite l o t i o n k n it fitted kilt'd fil>> Miugly, smooth* 
Iv. 28x52 in. Oti sale! 

Suve WI’. Vin)I m aitres* r u le r 

K en- S 2 .D D 
2 
3 9 

 li l k 
28x52 in. s ta n d a rd k i t e m i l . H e a v y w e i g h t v i m I in w h ite. U n kale! 

Sears 
Where America shops 

K LA U S, M OLBUC K A M ) C O . 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money back 

Sears 

Traffic accidents kill two women in area 

Pope 
6-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
Immigration policy blasted 

Save fur. ,'1o-qi. bully b ath 

Keg. *.i.DD 
3 19 

P o l y e t h y l e n e p l a s t i c i n , w h i le o r m ild 
2 #b; xl t% 7 in. M a p , wMkix'tulh Ira)*. 

Save HO'. 2 o -q l. dia|>er pail 
3 
19 
_ 

PolyelhyInn* plastic with metal handle. Deodorant well. Hold* IO diaper*. 

(.lear plastic nurser** 

Keg. 69* eu. 
2 for * I 
Boilable, plastic nuraerk, 
4Htc. and 8-oz. tin -* . Day* dial rap/hood. 
IV* tau** nipple*, pL« of .1...... 
3 pl** ii 

Prices Good thru W ednesday, Jan. 12th 

Downtown Phi/it Store 
Milcihnl ut Nuvurro 
Mon. mid I hun*. D;.‘fO-D 
XII oilier ilm s ‘U l l ti 

Xlililiiry Drive More ut Pleasanton Itll. 
Mon. thru Sui. 
‘Ii.ll Mi 

I e iilr n l I'nrk More 
Sun Cedro al I oop I IO 
Mon. ib m Sui. o.;io-o 

A 19-year-old San Antonio Woman was killed Saturday when a ear she was riding in was involved in a two-ear accident on the West Side. 
In an unrelated accident, a 73-year-old 
Sutherland Springs woman died after she apparently lost control of her vehicle, which struck a utility pole, according to 
Department of Public Safety troopers 
Officers identified the teen-age \ ietnn as 
Marcola DeLeon of 246 Escobar St. 
The woman was pronounced dead at 
12:25 a m. at Green Hospital. 
Fair condition 
The woman s husband, Guadalupe De­ 
Leon, 22. was listed in fair condition at 
Santa Rosa Hospital. 
Police said an automobile driven by De­ 

Leon and another ear were involved In the accident. 
The accident occurred shortly before midnight Friday in the IWM) block of South 
Zarzamora Street. 
One of the cars attempted to turn south onto Z a r/a m o ra S treet from a private driveway when the accident occurred, of­ ficers s a i d 
The S utherland S prings woman was identified as Eioise Williams. She was pronounced dead at 4:3o p.m. Friday at 
Southeast Baptist Hospital. 
The woman's car went off U.S. 87, hit a utility pole and ran onto a field, DPS troopers said. 
The accident occurred less than a half mileeast of LaVerma on U.S. 87shortly after 
3.3o p.m.. officers said. 

 shifted from Europe to La­ tin America and Asian a r ­ eas where the pressure to immigrate is intense. 
Main sources 
The report cited Mexico. 
Ja m a ic a , the D om inican 
Republic, Haiti, Korea, the 
Philippines, Thailand and 
China (T a iw an ) as the principal sources of im m i­ gration to the United States 
— and countries that are among the major sources of illegal aliens. 
They have three sim ilar characteristics: rapid econ­ omic expansion, high popu­ lation grow th ra te s , and links with the 
U nited 
States, the report said. 
C o u n trie s th a t a re the so u rces of illegal alien s 
“ tend to show signs of ra ­ pid economic growth and expansion and do not rank with the very poorest n a ­ tions in the world,” the re­ port noted. 

M e x i c o 
Illegal immigration from 
Mexico u su ally involves surreptitious entry across the border. 
The newer m igration of illegal aliens from C arib­ bean, C e n tral A m erican and Asian countries is so­ m etim es less obvious and has begun to create a more complex situation, the re ­ port said. 
“ It involves, for the most p a rt, p erso n s co m in g through ports of entry do­ cum ented as visitors and students, who then violate the te rm s of their ad m is­ sion by o v e rsta y in g and taking em ploym ent,” the report said. 
From a law enforcem ent viewpoint, the com m ittee said, im m ig ra tio n d o cu ­ ments and personal identi­ fication system s In use in the United States are in­ adequate. 
The number of fraudu­ lently documented entrants to the United States is IO tim es g r e a te r than the n u m b e r d e t e c te d ,” the report said. 
A w ork p e rm it sy stem similar to that used in most other industrialized nations in the free world “ would ease m atters considerably by making citizenship sta­ tus a consideration in the h irin g of w o rk e rs ,” the committee said. 
Recommendations 
The c o m m itte e , in its m ajor recom m endations, called for: 
• Giving the illegal im ­ migration issue priority at­ tention by Cabinet leader­ ship so that actions can be taken across many bureau­ cratic and agency lines. 
• 
A giessively pushing legislation that would pen­ alize employers who know­ ingly hire aliens not auth­ orized to w ork, the so­ called Rodino bill, which has passed the House twice but has not been acted on in the Senate and legislation that would in c rease p en ­ alties for im m ig ra tio n smugglers. 
• Directing foreign aid to em p h asize fac to rs th a t would red u c e p r e s s u re s that encourage migration, such as population p la n ­ ning, rural econom ic aid and em p lo y m e n t p ro ­ grams. 
• Increasing funds to the 
State D epartm ent and the 
Immigration and Naturali­ zation Service for the pur­ pose of p rev e n tin g and screening illegal entries. 
Oblate College to get media expert 

Ruben P en a has been named director of special projects at Centro Video of 
O blate 
C ollege of the 
Southwest. 
Pena will handle special television productions and public re la tio n s for the production departm ent of the college. 
C entro Video h as r e ­ ceived recognition for bi­ lingual and Spanish-lan- guagc productions. Centro also sponsors community workshops on Communica­ tions and Community Ac­ cess 
Pena has won numerous awards for his productions. 
He received the Houston 
Advertising Club Award for hts documentary. “ De La 
Nuevo T ie r r a /F r o m the 
New Land.” 

Capitol snow 
A man walks through the snow covering Capitol 
Hill after an overnight snowfall of inches. — AP W irephoto several 
Population shifting to 
S o u t h w e s t 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
WASHINGTON — A m erica ’s B icentennial year marked the first tim e that the majority of the U.S. population lived in the South and West, the Census Bureau reported Saturday. 

Thus. 1976 was a m iles­ tone not only in the nation’s settling and development, but also in the more recent trend of m igration out of the North and into the so­ called Sunbelt states. 
The Census preliminary count for 1976 showed the nation with a population of 
214.659.ooo. up I 63 million over 1975. Most of the growth was in the South and 
W est, w here the population reached 
1o7.417.ooo, while the North population was 1o7,242,ooo. 
North loses 

In 1975, the n a tio n ’s population was 213,o32.ooo, with 
1o7,o92,IMM) in the 
North and 1o5.94o.ooo in the 
South. 
Six years ago, the South and West had eight million fewer residents than tile 
North. 
The North, by Census definition, consists of the 21 northeentral and Northwest states included in an arc struck by North Dakota, 
South Dakota, N ebraska, 
Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, 
Indiana. Ohio, Pennsylvan­ ia and New Jersey. 
Retired shift 
The population shift has been building for several y ears, as re tire d people looked for a sunny r e tir ­ em ent spot and w orkers lorsaked old er, slow er growing industries of the 
North for the space age in­ dustries of the South and 
West, according to Census expert#. 
By 197(1 two key factors that had sustained popula­ tion growth in the North fell off — the birth rate and the migration of blacks from the South 
Birth rate 

Because few people m i­ grated into the North in the two decades jtrior to 197o, its population growth relied mainly on births. The drop in the birth rate to record low rates in the early 197o# had the most severe effect 
.on population growth in the 
North. 
Also, by 1974, for the first time since the Civil War, 

 more blacks were m igrat­ ing into the South than were m oving North out of the region 
C alifornia’s population grew by 322,ooo to 21.5 mil* 

For the first time since the 
Civil 
War, more blacks were migrating into the 
South than were moving out of the region 

 lion last year. 
New Vork, the second largest state, added 8.IHM) to its 18 million last year, but over-all 
New 
Y o rk ’s population has declined l >8,ooil since 197o while 
California has gained I 5 million 
Alaska grows 
The fastest growing state last y ear in p ercen tag e term s was Alaska, which grew by 17,(MHI, or 4.7 per cent, to 382.ooo. 
The fastest growing state since the 197o census has been Arizona, with a 27.8 per cent growth rate 
Six states and the District of Columbia lost imputation last year They were Mas­ sach u setts (down 5.o(1o); 
Rhode Island (4.(MMI); Ohio 
(45.ooo); In d ian a (11.ooo); 
M ichigan (7.o(Ml); A rk an sas 
(1.ooo) and the D istrict 
(IO.IHM)) 
The 
Census fig u res showed (hat the Northeast has grown 
443.ooo, or nine-tenths of I per cent. since the 197o census while sustaining a net outmigra­ tion of 793.(MN) 
Some I 14 million more people moved out of the northeentral states than in­ to them d u rin g the six y ears, while the a r e a ’s population grew 2 per cent, or I la million, from births 
The South gained 2.94 million In imputation from m igration lit those six years, show ing a total population gam of 6 1)4 mil­ lion. or 9 6 per cent. 
The West gained 1.8) million in population from migration for total popula­ tion growth of 3.72 million, or IU 7 per cent. 

The committee endorsed virtual amnesty for illegal aliens who entered the country before July /, 1963 

EOS ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - A Ca­ b in et-lev el c o m m itte e warned Saturday that the natio n ’s im m igration po­ licy is breeding com m un­ ities of illegal aliens whose ex iste n c e d ep e n d s on avoiding all contact with 
U.S. law and authority. 
These illegal aliens, con­ centrated in large cities, 
“ are susceptible to econo­ mic exploitation and other forms of abuse and often live in institutions,” said the Domestic Council Com­ mittee on Illegal Aliens. 
Broadest survey - 

“ Breeding these condi­ tions signals long- run ne­ gative social implications for ethnic Americans and for the ability of state and local units of government to function effectively,” the committee said. 
* The re p o rt of the co m ­ m itte e , head ed by Atty. 

Gen. Edward IL Levi and including seven other Ca­ binet m e m b e rs , m a rk e d the b ro a d e st go v en m en t assessm ent of the illegal alien issue to date, the Ju s­ tice Department said. 
Over the long run, e n ­ forcem ent of present law w ill not be sufficient to deal with the problem, the com­ m ittee said. Its rep o rt urged a thorough rethink­ ing of im m igration policy in terms of emjdoyment, population and foreign re­ lations. 
While stressing the lack of precise information and the needs for research on illegal alien s, the committee said the number of those apprehended each year runs nearly twice as 

 high as persons entering the United States legally. 
Under present im m ig ra­ tion law, som e 4oo,o(1o aliens are a d m itte d a n ­ nually for p e rm a n e n t residence, the report said. 
“ Actual im m ig ra tio n , however, bears little r e ­ semblance to the program a d m in istered u n d er the law,” the committee said. 
It added that 766,ooo aliens who had en tered or r e ­ mained here illegally were located in 1975. 
While the nation often tre a ts im m ig ra tio n “ in highly emotional, political­ ly ch arg ed t e r m s , ” the committee said, the system for carrying out the law has been low on the national list of funding priorities. 

W'hilc say in g it was 
“ concerned about the large number of illegal aliens al­ rea d y 
In the 
U nited 
States,” the com mittee re­ jected massive deportation as “ both in h u m a n e and impractical.” 
Amnesty 

Instead, it endorsed le­ g islatio n th a t would amount to amnesty for ille­ gal aliens who entered the country before July I, 1968. 
The legislation would a d ­ vance by 2D years the eligi­ bility date for establishing a record of adm ission for law ful p e rm a n e n t r e s i­ dence. The present date is 
June 3o, 1948. 
This “would permit some illegal aliens to adjust their 

 s ta tu s and ca u se m any others to leave the United 
States,” the report said. 
The committee tentative­ ly concluded that the alle­ gation th a t illegal aliens are a drain on the nation’s w elfare o u tlay s is o v e r­ drawn. 
Underground 

At the same time, the re­ port called for much more analysis of the im pact of illegal immigration on such social issues as population growth, discrim inatory ef­ fects of enforcement, anti­ alien se n tim e n t and the formation of underground communities. 

The annual rate of im m i­ gration has increased IOO per cent since 1965 — about 
4oo,ooo per year vs. 19o,ooo a year in the 1924-65 period, the report noted. Over the sam e period, the national origin of im m ig ran ts has 

SAVE 2 o c to *8 on your nursery needs 

Stretch terry sleep-and-Play suits 

SAVE 98' 
2 i for 

Mattresses and 

 bumper pads iii many patterns 

SAVE 
S I . 3 o to SB 

Save SI..'IO. C otton 
S a w OO'. Infant**' gauze d iap er# receiving b lan k et 

Keg. •6 .4 9 5 pkg. 
Keg. S.3.29 2 ^ pkg. 

P r r - f o l d r d , lK2<Vin. Hi*- 
Soli r o llo n b lanket*. Pkg. per*. 
Absorbent 
(slayer of 
J in b rig h t n ursery center panel. Pkg. of 12. print*. Park UK IO birlie*. 

A double-duty suit baby can wear for sleep and play alike. In soft, S.E.F. modacrylic and polyester stretch terry with fasteners down front and legs for easy on-off. Yellow or mint with white collar, cuffs. Sizes NB- 
3B. Hurry in now, and save! 

•v I -TDD ,‘iO-coil in n e rsp rin g maitre***, viny I cover .................................. 
8 2 7 . 9 9 “ I arn i P a tc h " m a 11 re**. TD coil**, v iii) I cover .......................... 
S ID.DD “ XX in n ie -lh e -P o o h ” m aitre**, IDU coils, vin)I c u te r .......... 
> 2 I.DD " G in g h a m ” m aitres*. 5 o - in. pols u re th a n e foam ................... 
>2D.DD " B o n n e t” m attress. firm -sup|M irt. 2D I coils ............................ 
SD.DD " F a r m P a tc h ” b u m p e r pad . I in. thick. 7 in. high ..................... 

S ID.DD "XX in n ie -lh e -P o o h ” b u m p e r . I bi in. thick. K i i i . high .......... 

S i t . ID " G in g h a m ” b u m p e r p a d . I i i i . thick. 7 in. high .......................... 
>*7.DD " B o n n e t ” b u m p e r p a d . I in. thick . 7 in. high ............................... 
•S.». ID XX hile b u m p e r pud . I in. th ick , it in. high ...................................... 

(Charge it on S ears Revolving C harge 

Mi vc IK'. T o d d le r p u llo v er shirt*. 

Keg. *2..ID pkg. 
I 9 1 

Soft. shit*- r o l l o n * h i r t * iii t o i b l l r r .ire * |*f. M a c h in e v* a*!i. I ‘kg. of t. 

Save 2 o '. Plastic tra in in g p ants 

Keg. DD- 
7 9 % r . 

H eavyw eight plastic o u t­ s i d e , a b s o r b e n t c o t t o n terry inside. Sire* b t . 

Save DO*. Infant** plastic pant* 

Keg. $2.DD 
2 
39 pr. 
Polyurethane coated ny­ lon pants in pull-on aly lr. 
White. NBj\M,LAG 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 197 7 

Dresses and pantsuits at fantastic savings of 
5o% to 66%! 

S o ld for S i O.JIM lo 

S i. ‘{.KH i i i ou r S u m m e r 
I 97<> (icn e riil I ;il;ilo" 

Soli! for S | I .UU lo 

 s I o ,o o in our Sum m er 
|o7(» f.euerul < a I a In;; 

S o ld for * 2 o .o o lo 
N ‘iO .o o in ou r S u m m e r 
I o 7 (, (fe deral C o n d o g 
4 9 9 59 9 9 9 9 

HI RRY! Q IA \TIT IES ARU LIMITED AT THESE I OU CLOSEOUT TRU ES 

THE SALE you can’t afford to miss. Summer dresses and pant suits from our Spring/Summer 1976 catalog are drastically reduced to bring you very important fashion savings. Choose from a wide selection of styles, fabrics and colors in misses and half sizes. Hurry ... quantities are limited. 

I i i o u r W om e n - lir e — D e p artm e n t 
________ 
J 

CATALOG 
CLOSEOUT 

Misses and half size 

Where America shops 

S E A R S , ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
Sears 

Coordinating sportswear is as easy as mixing red, white and blue 

 lf y ou're devoted to com fortable d re ein g , you're bound 

 to develop a loyalty to our coordinate group. Polyester 

 double knit m em bers: blazers with piping, pull-on pants*, 

 vei-t and pull-on skirt. Polyester and cotton checked shirt 

 with white collar, cuff#. Nylon print ^hirt. Sizes 8 to 18. 

In our Sportswear Department 

 w ere *4 to 115 

 now 
2 " to 8 " 

A sensational event deserves special attention! Now 

 get the handbag features that are so im portant to 

 y o u . . . plus just-as-important savings! A big, beau­ 

 tiful, sturdy collection is here for the picking! 

Clearance items available while quantities last. 

DotonloMn I’la/a Mon* 
Soledad ut Navarro 
W on. am t I liur>. 9 :.’MM# 
All oth er day-, 9 .;td .(, 

M ilitary D rill* M on* ai IMra-aiilon Itll. 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9; .1o-9 

< n il nil Cark N on* 
Min Pedro af lam p H O 
Mon. thru Sai. 
9 :;io-9 

* v r « 
' 
■ ..V 
T„ y 
YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

A C R O SS 

I Biblical animal 
4 Actor 
Karloff 
9 Disburse 
I 4 Former 
2o College cheer 
21 Laud 
22 Anxious 
23 Large lizard 
25 Assumed name 
27 Annapolis freshman 
29 Wine fruit 
31 Poignant 
32 Consolidation 
34 Time units 
36 Anointed 
36 Babylonian god 
39 Trample 
41 Jumbled type 
42 TV commercial 
44 Greek letter 
45 Neuter pronoun 
47 WWII command abbr 
48 deum 
5o Follow advice 
2wds 
52 Theme 
55 Rescuer 
58 Former prefix 
59 Bitter vetch 
61 Biblical king 
63 Wrinkled 
65 Citrus fruit 
67 Milk comb form 
69 Thin coms 
71 *‘~ profundis 
72 fakes place 
74 Bobbins 
77 Brain passages 
79 Dromedary 

81 Coarse files 
84 Frequently 
85 Piano composition 
87 Cooing birds 
89 Hispaniola 
91 Half prefix 
92 Eastern potentates 
94 Sublet 
96 School dances 
98 Failure 
99 Sudanic language 
1o1 Food supplements 
1o3 Lower population 
1o6 Concerning 
1o7 Actress 
Gardner 
1o9 Soot particles 
I IO Biblical pronoun 
I 12 Rinds 
I I 4 Bell sound 
I 16 Biblical names 
I 18 Essence 
I 2o Envoy 
I 23 Cattle breed 
I 25 Weapon 
I 27 Antitoxin 
I 29 Roof slates 
I 3o Ripe 
I 32 Oral pause t 33 Adjective suffix 
I 35 Absolve 
I 37 Brief 
“snoozes"' 
I 38 New 
York island 
I 4o Divide 
I 43 Stern command 
145 Scottish river 
I 46 Thoroughfare 
I 48 Stonecrop 
I 5o Adversary 
I 52 Fixed routines 
I 54 Printing measure 
I 55 Presidential 

 monogram 
157 Helm position 
1 58 Hawaiian bird 
16o Chinese pagoda 
161 From 
163 Sprint again 
165 Mimic 
167 Dinner course 
I 7o Wall painting 
I 73 Rosy tomorrows 
I 76 Furious 
I 78 Early 
Peruvians 
18o Supernatural spirit 
182 Nincompoop 
183 Gain ascendancy 
185 Coral island 
187 Tree 
Cluster 
189 Old card game 
19o Agreeably fashioned 
191 Pass on f 92 Spanish title 
193 Musical direction 

DOW N 

1 Ancient country 
2 Bargain event 
3 Uniform item 
4 Entreat 
5 Draft animal 
6 Knock lightly 
7 Badly 
8 Precipitous 
9 Prophet 
1o New 
Zealand fort 
11 Omelet item 
I 2 Roman despot 
13 Depletion 
I 4 Pintail duck 
15 Kol dialect 

16 Literary notes 
I 7 Type size 
18 Musical study 
19 Revolve 
24 Oxidation reduction 
26 Indian city 
28 Entice 
3o In addition 
33 Estimated 
35 Flavorful 
37 Plunges into 
4o Greek architecture 
43 Restaurant patron 
46 Rhythm 
48 Hindu merchants 
49 Lyric muse 
51 Bedouin 
53 Chemical ending 
54 That 
French 
56 Morindm dye 
57 Building tops 
6o Vista 
62 Destroyers 
64 Vanished 
66 Distinguished 
68 Hobo 
7o ' Lucky'' number 
73 Steeple part 
75 Arboreal mammal 
76 Mean 
78 Blends 
8o Slightest 
82 Exclamation 
83 Bend over 
86 Fragrance 
68 Steamship abbr 
9o Constrain 
93 Shirt buttons 
95 Redacts 
97 Icy ram 
99 Feminine title 
1oo Sheeplike 
1o2 Storehouse 
1o4 Matriculate 
1o5 Illinois 

*■:*>' ft 

. . . ' 

 city 
1o8 Sharp corner 
I 11 Laughter sound 
I I 3 Herb dish 
I t 5 Sea birds 
I I 7 Continent abbr 
119 Hearsay 
I 21 Reservation dwelling 
I 22 German city 
I 24 Shoe bottoms 
I 26 Smiling 
I 26 Unimportant 
131 Broader 
134 Choice part 
136 Carried 
I 3 9 R a's son 
141 Pronoun 
I 42 Printing measure 
144 Small dog 
146 indian trophy 
I 47 Sumatran beasts 
1 49 Complain 
I 51 Bygone time 
I 53 Prosecuted 
156 Embankment 
159 Hollywood award 
162 Long teeth 
164 Metal spicules 
166 Split 
168 Greasy 
169 Wisp of hair 
I 71 Unsightly 
1 72 Italian coins 
I 74 Debatable 
1 75 Greek portico 
I 77 Water barrier 
I 79 Peruvian coin 
I 81 Eternity 
184 Not prefix 
I 86 French article 
188 Left- hand page 

SOLUTION ON PAGE 15 

What women talk about when no men are around 

MILLIONS of men wonder what women talk about when they get together. What do they say about men? How much do they reveal to each other about their mates...their latest dates? 
THE STAR asked a woman sex­ ologist to give us the facts. 
To make her report as all-em­ bracing as possible, she polled women in all walks of life, and fi­ nally compiled a list of eight main topics of conversation that were common to all. 
Men reading her report may be surprised. But then, so may be some women. 
Women in the city notice differ­ ent things about men than women in the country do. Northerners can have different priorities to southerners. 
Preferences 
(and conversatiom in the East may well clash with those in the South 
Read this report — and think on it. 
Ladies, if you disagree—write and tell us what YOU say about men—when there are no men around. 
Here, according to our observ­ er, are the eight aspects of man that woman-talk revolves around 

• HOW A MAN LOOKS. Not naked, but dressed. Women ad­ mire men who put themselves together with care. It doesn’t matter if he*s in a custom-tailored suit or a pair of jeans, as tong as he doesn't resemble yesterday's laundry. 
A man dressed in designer fash­ ions is most appealing, especially to a woman who also dresses well. 

A fellow whose wardrobe is 9o percent teeshirts can plan to be alone 9o percent of the time 
Women I spoke to are tired of men draped in decorated under­ wear. 

•A MAN S PHYSICAL PARTS. 
Sexual organs are not necessarily included 
Women talk endlessly about what attracts them to men. and it may be beautiful eyes, a gorgeous smile, graceful hands, a round behind, or wavy hair. 
A woman is usually drawn by something visible. Later, when she gets a better look at the man. other areas may spark her inter­ est. But even so. what a woman considers sexually attractive is not always sexual. 

• HOW MUCH MONEY A MAN 
HAS. Every woman concerns her­ self with the income of a man she’s dating. Career women wor­ ry out loud about whether certain men are just looking for a free meal ticket 
Working women like to date a man on similar—or better—eco­ nomic levels. Women take special note of stinginess arid generosity. 
If he’s a tightwad, he can forget it Women will spread the word about a cheapskate 

•WHAT A MAN DOES FOR A 
LIVING. Sometimes, women get snobbish. A particular type of woman won’t date a computer programmer, while another has gone out with six men in the field 

Maybe ifs a throwback to the days when women identified themselves through their hus­ bands: but the fact is—women of­ ten decide whether or not to date a man depending on his occupa lion. 

• HOW A MAN MAKES LOVE. 
Women rarely go into graphic de tail with one another, though they may admit that a man has been impotent. 

Generally, the more a woman likes a man, the less she de­ scribes his skill as a lover Why tell other women about your dis­ covery? 

WTiat most women do agree on is that they prefer men who are gentle, respectful lovemakers. 

•WHETHER SHE CAN TO- 
LERATE A MAN S HABITS A woman always sorts out a man s habits. Does he drink, smoke, gamble, glue himself to the televi sion* 

All these character traits are weight'd against her tolerance for them 

One woman may be able to ad just to a drinker, but not a gam­ bler. 

Few women want to pursue a man who is habitually unfaithful in a relationship But every so of­ ten. a woman who can live with promiscuity comes along. 
The major discussion among women involves the acceptance or rejection of men s habits Some times, before a man is ever aware, his date s girlfriend knows that his penchant for leaving the bathroom faucet on is going to wreck the relationship 

•A 
MANS 
RELIABILITY 
Does he say what he means and mean what he says? Women like men who are reliable. When a man says he ll call and then doesn t, a woman will mercilessly berate him to her friends 
One thing a woman likes to know is that she can count on a man she s chosen to spend time with. When a courtship is young, women devote endless hours to figuring out whether men will fol­ low through on hinted at ventures. 
Will he take her to the country? 
Will he bring her to Hie party? 

•THE 
LITTLE 
THINGS 
A 
MAN DOES. A woman loves to tell anet lier woman when a man has remembered lier birthday, or bought her flowers for no occa­ sion at all. Women praise men who practice romantic gestures 
Wfiat all the talks women have lead up to is — Will he make an ideal mate? But they’re not alone. 
For men toss around the idea among themselves, too 

PAGE I 2 
THI SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR-.January 9 , 1977 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

•El UMI! CK COUTO* 
MILLERS UNPROCESSED 
COMPARE & SAVE! 
SRAN 
4 OZ. BAG 
YOU SAVE 16C 
UUU ONE. RHEES JAN IS, 1977 

5oom g 
$199 
I IOO 

 with 
Rose 
Hips 

25o-S4 75 

SOQ Rig. No. 37 
$149 

Ascorbic I 1oO 
Ac,<J 
25o $3 7o 

 lorn m g ." :, 
$199 

Ascorbic I IOO 

Aad 
5oo $8.75 
VtlUMl I GNC COUPON 
TUPELO 
HONEY 599 

51b. CAN 
YOU SAVE $1.96 twit (WE. RHEES Mil IS. 1977 
MILLEPeS UNPROCESSED 
BRAN,« 
45° 

Rich In 
Dietary, 
Fiber 

16 oz. 

FOR FAST WEIGHT LOSS! 

“ G RA PEFR U IT” 

D IET PLAN 
Eat No Grapefruit... and Enjoy § Tasty 
Meals Daily. 
CX*' O’tem1' .I <5«! p* conSars gnpBlryit essence Inrtrfied min 1oo% OE 
I UDA o< Vitsmins C *n<! fc plus one of lh* 
I MTS* Without J /SC rfaucmmlutl 
V C I .KIU option I- iu4M nr pie V ( I- M Y Supply] 
■siti'iiS tw 3 ngtnhoia*/ souno End 
Minuted 3 meets 3 cay Set pan 
ISO 

(3o day supply) 

$ 5 .«L quant t* coupon 
1oo% NATURAL 

COMPARE Squibb 
COMPARE Miles 
Theragran-M (**<— CHOCKS plus 
" KONtoNUTHI 
’ CHEWS WITH 
_-IRoN 

SAME FORMULA 

 to Supeitron 

MULTI V IT A M IN S 
WITH M IN E R A L S 

SA M E 
FO R M U LA 
7SO SA 9o 

COMPARE 
GERITOL to 
GERI-GEN 
LIQUID 

$185 

SAME 
FORMULA 
16 OZ 

COMPARE Squibb fs^k Theragran Ic 
Therapeutic 
Multi-Vitamins 
SAME 
FORMULA 

IOO $179 

•aiUAM 1 sac coupe* 

OLD FASHIONED 
R f f t JL 
GRANOLA OTP 
1 ib. Bag 
YOU SAVE alc 
HUIT QUE, RHEES JE* IS, 1977 

COMPARE 
MILES 
"TONE-A-DAY to UNHjEN 

SAME 
FORMULA 
IOO89o 

COMPARE 
GERITOL 
I to 
- - GERI-GEN 

SAME 
FORMULA 
IOO 9 $ 
SB-Complex „$5.45 

C D 5o mg in 8 FACTORS 
25o— S13 OO 

 q tu A B iE cue coup e * 
UNBLEACHED 
FLOUR 
2 lb. 
YOU 
SAVE 7c 

O R IE RH EES JA* IS, 1977 

S & W g K ' f l UN IT QUE 
C lAEUAtlE GNC COUPO* 
TOASTED 

VAIUAIEE GNC COUPO* 
E S 
APPLE 
JUICE 

5 9 * 

32 OZ. 
YOU 
SAVE IOC 

OREE RHEES JAN IS, 1977 

SIMIANS 

■ 
7 
7 c 

I 

12 OZ. 
5 Varieties 

YOU SAVE 12C 
OREE RHEES JA* IS. 1977 

COCOA BUHER 
CREME 

Y o °if 
$ 1 4 9 

SAVE 51C 

RAISIN BRAN 13 oz. 
GRANOLA 
CEREAL p » 
TOU h u e 
SAVE SOC 
U l l 

OREE EXHEES JAN IS, 1977 

WHOLE WHEAT 
FLOUR 

» 
5 Q t 
SAVE IOC 
I 

CEREAL 77* 

I S 
P 
YOU SAVE 22C 
'go 59 
[IMH ONE. IXH jfS JA* IS, 1977 
MBWM 

 i?. 

Party Mix 
Salted or _ 

Plain 9 OZ. o 
| | £ 

YOU SAVE o 
9 
4oc 

OREE RHEES JA* IS. 1977 

U N IT OWE m a i m r 

!% % (( g lu te n G*s coupon 
E w a 

 boasted 
Wheat 
^""599 

16 OZ. 

 nm 

IOO LU . 988 
Capsules 

IOO 

25o 
$1 9879* 

ZOO LU . 995 
Capsules 

25o 
$3 95$199 
> 
I IOO 

4oo LU . 991 
Capsules 

25o 
$7 45$999 

5 am loo 

1ooo1.U. 989 
Capsules 

$ 3 3 .8 8 ** IOO 

!jS3 
TAtUAOtE GJK COUTO* 
MIXED 
NUTS 
NO PEANUTS 6 OZ. YOU SAVE KC 

~ LIMIT ONE. RHEES.JA* IS 1977 

X 
L 

 r 
IK J ugmt 
Protein 

 aJ?1.1** 'C s 

C 
Z J 

LIQUID PROTEIN 

PR ED IG EST ED 
SOLUBLE 

15 Gram s o f Predigested 

Protein per otnce. 

PLEASANT TASTING 

16 oz. 
32 oz. 

Famous Diet Formula 

 the AUinOHE 

Kelp, Lecithin, Cider 
Vinegar, Vitamin B-8 
Tablet. 

Am erica’s Most Wanted Formulation! 

COMPARE 
ANO 
SAVE! 
1o9**1.99 
5oo**9.75 

S3 qiUAOIE OMC COUPON 

VACUUM PACKED 
O Q 

SUNFLOWER 
* \ a 
KERNELS you save 
SAVE IOC 

ORE* EXHEES IAN IS. 1977 
| 

HMH ONI RHEES JAN IS 1977 - I g s g t a i r s 
4oC 

□ 

□ 
_____________________________________ 

□ 
MODEL ETTS HELPS CURB YOUR APPETITE HELPS YOU 
D 

' 
LOSE THAT EXTRA WEIGHT • NO CALORIE COUNTING1 

• NO EX ER C ISES1 • NO SPECIAL DIETS ' 
□ Thanks to a group of New Yortx doctors you can now lose pounds o* ugly fat without going on any special diet. without cutting out any [" special foods 
L-1 
□ 
HELPS REDUCE HUNGRY MOMENTS f l 
These New York doctors discovered a food adjuvant called MODEL '—' 
□ ETTS 
Model efts does remarkable things It helps you cut down i—i your caloric intake by a natural automatic curbing of the appetite and L J 
□ ct the desire tor foods resulting automatically in a reduced intake oft food 
□ WY. 
□ The doctors carefully checked results and here is what they found 
. N utritio n Sou arG v \ 
. 
1 Weight losses of 6 to 2o pounds without any it! ettects whatsoever 
I J r'hoi^-sKln M 
^ *1 . 
□ i 
2 96% of the men and women who used Model efts lost weight 
L,n ew d u ie 
' 
Model efts is absolutely sale it is a food adjuvant not a drug So, [ j V itam in C Tablets rT 
, stat today to shed those unwanted pounds and inches It your condi 
*—1 arxs m arie uuith 
□ hon is glandular or organic see your doctor 
Model efts may help 
P l w 
* .-t -. you stay on the diet your doctor recommends Ask him about it 
L J N atural 
□ One Model efts Wafer has the hunger satis 
□ tying capacity of 1 lb boiled potatoes or 4 
□ eggs or 5 slices of white bread yet it contains 
B only 6 cajones 

2 MONTH 
SUPPLY 

I i i OAK I GMG COUTO* 

I 

 ti 

 lr 

OHI 

No. 787 $ 5 

 n ly 

.o o 

□ A cero la Berries. 

Th*. 
. | * t '.4 N '< !i§ -. '-n** 

□ 
: 

□ 

LOW SODIUM 
CORN 
FLAKES 

•At UAM I GW COUTO* 

$ DELICIOUS,NATURAL ■ J * 
Licorice 
Bits 6Vt OZ 

 n e w f e a r s 
VITAMIN SPECIALS 

Fruit-Flavored Chewable Natural 
□ 
VITAMIN-C 
□ 

Tasteit and enioy ll. moil delicious^ compile o 

V it a m in e n o ln lio n lh a le .e t m , n « ] in y o u r m o y t n T 

□ 

S H : : , . 

■ 
• 
• 
. 

□ 

□ 

□ 

□ 

□ 

□ 

JigftSj NAI UAPH CW COUTO* 

Valuable 

GNC 
Coupon 

UMI OM. OHIO UN Ii. 1977 
VANGARD 
KELP 
W P E R 

1oo- 

Tablets 

HHH OW UHIO JAN Ii 1977 
YOU SAVE lo c i me 

LECITHIN8^ ? 
—J 12oo mg. Capsules 

 o u s M 
4 Vaneties 1oZ. 
YOU SAVE 13c 

UMH I MEI ti HAJ*. JAN Ii, 19/7 

I 
•AE MOE I GW COUTO* IE 

•Al VASE I GW LEWTON 

CAROB-COATED f t f t 

TasT-SoysbSi^ 

4Vi OZ. 
YOU SAVE 3oc 
^ ^'I'NUONI RHEE- JA* Ii, 1977 
MI UMH GW COUTO* 

Desiccated 
LIVER im lO t 
Tablets 
Tablets______ 

VITAMIN loo 
B-12 
TabletsT 
B 

 s S b d s ^ 
Ready to eat. lib 

 r n 

oRoWEATBRANOLA a BREAD 
I 
UM. IIHWi JA* Ii IV? 
Ut UMI I GW COUTO*! 

S 
SEA 
SALT 2 ib 

IMME ONE EIMKi JAM ll 1977 
'y l& i 
.Til 
»AE UAAe I GW COUTO* 

 f c 
L E C I T H I N 5 J 5 9 ” 
I Granules 4 oz. 

3SEQ 
... 
™ VITAMIN B-1 G CC 

 t 
IOO m g. Tablets V o o i 

5 o 1 5 o o 
45o mg. 
3 /$ | /| o o 
GINSENG Tablet* 

GRADE A 
LARGE 
KOO 
EGGS 
«T 

11*11 OW IIHWI EA* I i |f77 

TRIMLINE 
IT I 

YOGURT Ob? 
. _ . J P Z ^ 
% | * g ^ 

‘IVSI n 
V A N G A R D ,oo 

J Vitamin somg 

^ 
1 tablets 

5o-16 45 
648 mg. 
3/S 
GINSENG cia12® dDhUlt'S 

W ITH $2.oo P O IC H A S I 
(A. 
VANGARD 
IOO 
Dolomite t.b49* 
•blets 

•AEUAAll GW CUUTO* 

OLD FASHIONED rfc 

PEANUT I XQd 
DI IT T CD 
DU I I E n 
YOU SAVE IOC 
B S 

I 

 liw t ow, I IE*!’. JA* IJ, 197/ 

•Al UAM I GW COUTO* 
Sesame 
Snacks5" 

 rZC\ GENERAL 
NUTRITION CENTERS 
Q u a n lilie , L IM IT E D - H U R H Y l 
Shop the G N C Store Nearest You! 

N O W TH RU S A T O R D A Y , J A N . 1 5 , 1 9 7 7 l l 

IMPORTANT n o t ic e btp,4u%# o* d«y yt. r on* *a net be a* laafw- any tftt* may C4b4t Af be A*pCr H) »sbjt 4 tor any ed't 

Mail Orders Promptly Filled K ' 
Bring or Mail lo a GNC Stora listed at left. 
NOTtD' ________ 
Enc toted >s I ________ Please ship the foMowmg 
Dept KK-o1 

 we rAv 
*o* f A<#( 

• 516 E. HOUSTON ST. 
MON. FRI. 9-7, SAT. 9:3o-6, SUN. 1-5 

PRODUCT NAME 
IH C 
How Many 

• MCCRELESS 

Daily IO 9 

• SO. PARK MALL 

Daily 1o-9 

• CENTRAL PARK 

Daily 1o-9 

• WINDSOR PARK 

Daily 1o-9 

&ze 
PTH 
I to tal 

It order under $6 OO add sot handling TOTALS 

ADOHESS .......................... 

FHMsry 

NAME 

CITY. 

...............................APT. N O 
.. 

STATE.............JWQUDOU 

MAYOR LILA COCKRELL welcomes Liz Carpenter to San Antonio during fiesta w el­ coming her back to Texas 
Liz Carpenter gets big welcome 

By MARY ANN 
BENGTSON 
An SRO crowd of "friends and relatives" jam m ed the In­ stitute of Texan Cultures Sa­ turday night to sing the praises of Liz C arpenter...and a few hymns, too, as it turned out! 

Mrs Carpenter, adviser tto the late 
Lyndon Johnson, press secretary to 
Lady Bird Johnson and Washington correspondent, has returned to Texas atter 3o years in the nation’s capital. 
The “ Welcome Home Liz Fiesta” gathered friends and political allies from all over Texas Emceeing the event were Texas hum orist John 
Henry Faulk and radio talk show host 
Mary Den rn un. 
Test confirms relativity rule 

N E W Y O U K T IM E S 
S IR V IC E 

N EW YO RK — Tin* most accurate long-distance measurements ever made, by means of radio signals between the Viking spacecraft on 
Mars and antennas on earth, have produced new confirmation of E in ­ stein’s theory of relativity, a Viking project scientist has reported. 
The measurement was so incredi­ bly precise, according to Dr. Irwin I. 
Shapiro of the Massachusetts Insti­ tute of Technology, that the uncer­ tainty over a span of ‘JOU million miles has less than five feet — that is. an accuracy of five parts in IO million millionths. 
Dr. Shapiro and his colleagues on the Viking radio science team went to such pains to see if, as Einstein predicted, the sun’s gravitational force bends and delays radio signals 
(or any form of radiation) as they travel particularly close to such a massive body. 
Close to calculations 

And it did, Dr. Shapiro believes that, after further analysis, the Vik­ ing experiment will show that the delay in the traw l time of the radio vs aves caused by the sun’s gravity 

I iking jproject scientists report most accurate long-distance measure­ ment# et 'cr made 

 was close to calculations (a delay of 
JIH) millionths of a second) based on 
Einstein’s theory. 

Results of the experiment were reported at a news conference held at the Jet Propulsion Pasadena, Calif. 
Laboratory. 

The experiment was conducted last 
Nov. 25, Thanksgiving Day. at the time of solar conjunction. At that time, Mars moved behind the sun in relation to earth, causing a total blackout of communications between the Vikings and earth. 
But iust before and after the blackout, radio signals were trans­ mitted from antennas at Goldstone. 

Calif., and Canberra, Australia, to both of the V iking orbiters and landers and then from the spacecraft flack to earth. The round-trip travel times of the signals were carefully clocked. The transmissions were re­ peated frequently to check for accur­ acy, 
Results in agreement 

The results, Dr. Shapiro said, were in very good agreement with the theory of general relativity. 

Not that he expected to prove Ein­ stein wrong. 
, 
Previous tests using spacecraft communications systems tended to confirm the theory, but the Viking test is considered twice as accurate or more, than the previous ones. 
Other scientists reported at the news conference on a possible M ar­ tian seismic event recorded by the 
Viking 2 lander, the distinct dav- night differences of wind conditions at the Viking 2 site and a heavy build-up of clouds over the polar re­ gions in recent weeks. 
Dr. Donald L. Anderson of the Ca­ lifornia Institute of Technology, leader of the V 1 k itig seismology team, said the Viking J lander’s seismometer detected un unusual event in mid-November. 
First Marsquake 

 lf it was seismic tremor, it would be the first Marsquake recorded by manmade instruments and, accord­ ing to Dr. Anderson, much have oc­ curred about 4.DOU miles away from the landing site and been of a mag­ nitude of six or more on the Richter scale, which is a major tremor on ca rf Ii. 
The failure of the seismometer on the Viking I lander has handicapped the scientists in their effort to deter­ mine to what extent, if any. Mars is distrubed by quakes 
Photographs by the two orbiting vehicles arc showing formations of heavy clouds over both polar regions, according to Dr. Michael Carr of the 
United States Geological Survey, who is leader of the orbital imaging team. 
Study given realism 

LO U ISV ILLE, Ky. (A P ) - Forced calisthenics and meals of bread and water were in store for IOO Jewish high school students who signed up to see what their lives might be like in 
Russia 
Behind the locked doors of the 
Jewish Community Center here, the students also were to hear a lecture on the persecution of Soviet Jews and a telephone conversation with a 
Jewish teen-ager in Moscow. 
The overnight program began -Sa­ turday evening A team of chaper­ ones and children dressed like Soviet 
Elderly man rn 

 leaps lo death 

E U F A U L A . Okla. (A P ) - The body of an elderly McIntosh County- area resident was recovered from 
Lake Eufaula north of here Saturday, some two hours after the victim ap­ parently jumped off a railroad bridge to avoid an oncoming freight train 

The Highway Patrol said the name of the victim was being withheld pending notification of next of kin. A 
McIntosh County sheriff’s spokesman said the man was in his 7os and was a local resident. 

 secret police with khaki shirts and red armbands planned to in ter­ rogate the teen-agers about their backgrounds and family history. 

“ The lock-in is designed to give the kids an idea of what it s Uke to live as a Jew iii Russia,’’ said Cathy Schus­ ter, director of the program. 

Mrs Schuster called tin* event a demonstration of solidarity w Uh Jews unable to leave Russia The obstacles the youths faced were sim ilar lt» those encountered by their Russian brothers and sisters, she said. 

Dr. Arnold Krammer, professor of history at Texas A&M University, was to discuss problems of Jewish life in Iron Curtain countries 

After a religious service, the youngsters planned to telephone a lti-year-old Jewish girl in Moscow, but since lier parents did not have a telephone iii their home, the girl was instructed to wait for the call at a 
Moscow pest office. 
Mrs. Schuster said the call was ar­ ranged through the 
Hebrew 
Immigrant Society. 
Before being allowed to leave Sun­ day morning, the youngsters had to demonstrate a clean record and the security of a job waiting in a distant country — all in make-believe of their study of 
Russian 
Jew s. 

Faulk, who billed the evening as 
Super Bowl women’s lib night, invit­ ed all the male chauvinists to shut up and do honor to the second coming of 
Liz Carpenter. 
What started out as a “ roast” turned into a love feast as the roas­ ters recalled their years of friendship with the honoree. 
But as usual. Liz stole the show. 
“ If Bob Strauss had known there were this many people left in Texas with $5 in their pockets — you know he turns any meeting of two people into a Democratic fund raiser.” 
And in reply to the rumors that she came home to run for public office, 
Mrs. Carpenter insisted, “ I ’m not running for anything but my typew­ riter.” 
Rumors 

Site added, “ When I arrived iii 
Austin the rumor was the U.S. Sen­ ate, then governor. Then it dropped down to the Austin City Council. Now my son tells me that the smart money in town is saying I might beat the justice of the peace in Westlake A 
Hills.” 
To explain her defection from W a­ shington when every Democrat in the country is trying to get to the capital, she said, "Washington is overridden w it Ii Lizes. I might say bedridden with Lizes. There’s Liz Taylor. Liz 
Ray—and that’s no place for a God­ fearing girl from Salado.” 
“ Salado, for those of you who don't know, it so small it makes Plains, 
Ga., look like megalopolis. If s too small to lust in our hearts.” 
Serious moments 

With all the frivolity, there were a few serious moments. Liz choked with tears as she recalled the John­ son years as the “ best of my life.” 
And she took note of the fact that the 
Johnson fam ily had been in W a ­ shington to see her off and now, here in Texas to welcome her home. 
On the stand to make the welcome official was Mayor Lila Cockrell, who made Mrs. Carpenter an Honorary 
Alcalde of La Villita. Mayor Cockrell also read a telegram from Ambassa­ dor Anne Armstrong. 
Maurv M averick, in addition to claiming to be Liz’ former beau. read a telegram of welcome from Presi­ dent Gerald Ford. 
Insurance firm joins probe into grain man 

IOW A P A R K . Tex. (A P ) - A 
Houston-based insurance company has investigated Che disappearance of North Texas grain dealer Robert 
Johnson amid reports Johnson may have secured more than $7 million in life insurance before he presumably drowned 
Johnson has not been seen since early Monday when he reportedly fell off a pleasure boat in the Gulf of 
Mexico near Port Aransas. 
Texas Agriculture Department of­ ficials arc also investigating what they say is the disappearance of more than 4oo,ooo bushels of wheat, valued at more than SI million, supposedly stored in Johnson's grain elevators here. 
M. J Tomlinson, claims manager for American General Life Insurance 
Co., said he is investigating .John­ son’s disappearance but he would not comment on his findings to date Nor would he say for how much Johnson had insured himself 

“ I don’t know what the total amount w ill be aud if I did I could not say iii that it bus always been our policy riot to release such informa­ tion.” Tomlinson said. 

O fficials in two sta-e agencies looked into reports Johnson may have insured himself for more than $7 million 

But a source close to the insurance company said the company has several policies on Johnson and they do not add up to anything anywhere near $7 million. 

Going to Mexico? 

Buy Your Pesos 

 at Solo Serve 

D O W N T O W N 

 for 5‘ each! 

I l l SOLID AD 

/OOO SAN PEDRO 

M IIIT A R Y AT FLORIS 

Famous Nam e Cosmetics...All 3 Stores 

Our Usual 394 
SEW ON EMBROIDERED 
I 
APPLIQUES 

Assorted colors, sizes, and stylos, limit 12. 

Our Usual 894 j 
Preticketed $ 3 
MEN'S BRIEFS OR T-SHIRTS j 
DAN RIVER LEG UPS PANTY HOSE 

 j <t J 
o 
7 
4 
% 
I others. 
Mostly r n rn w i p/m. limit I. 
Mm rn 4Pr.$i 

G O O D M O N D A Y . JA N U A R Y IO 
(E-N) 
| 
O O O O M O N D A Y , JA N U A R Y IO 
(E-N) 

Our Usual 794 
TODDLERS’ TRAINING PANTS 
Irregulars. White cot- 
_ ton knits. 
Double 
M I T ff . thick crotch. Sizes 2 to 
U 
J 
4. limit 3. 
■ f t # 

O O O O M O N O AY. JA N U A R Y IO 
( l- N ) 
I 

MISSES’ DOUBLE KNIT 
POLYESTER PANTS 
I Irregulars. White. All 
4 I cotton or polyes- 
I ter/cotton. Limit 5. 

45” BOTTOM WEIGHT 
Calcutta Crinkle Sportswear 
Jumpsuit Specials 
Heavy textured crinkle sportswear in choice of 
Fall and winter shades. Full bolts, first quality. 
Irregulars made to sell to $38. Sizes 
5-13 and 6-18. 

Irregulars made to sell to 
$4o. 
Sizes 
5 15, 
8-18, and some 1 4 ’/z-24Vj. 
TIC K ETED M 3 
TIC K ETED M S I TIC K ETED M 8 

$1 o ” *1 2 2t 1 5 25 I 

TICKETED M3 TO $2o 

Dresses, Jumpsuits, 
Skirt Sets,Pant Suits and Long Formals 

Irregulars made to sell to 
$ 25. Sizes 5-13 and 8 
« 
*. ^ 

18. LIMITED Q U A N T IT IES 
3p Mm. 5 J 

TICKETED M O .......... 

Full bolts. . .Values to $4.95 (M ost items in all stores). Thousands of Yards . . . Unbelievable values. 
Casual & Cocktail / 
Dresses, Skirt 
J 
Sets & Formals 
- 

Irregulars and samples made to sell to 
{ti 
$55 . Sizes 5-15, 6-18, and some 
14 Vt*2 4 Vk. N ot oil Items in all prices. 
* 

TICKETED M3 TO‘2o.................... 

Group III 

- 
$ 
1 
3 
9 
Group I 
Group ll 

OUR 
USUAL 
794 TO 
994 

OUR 
USUAL 
*1 2 5 TO 
* M 9 YO. 

IMPORTED FROM INDIA 
Handwoven 
Natural 
Bedspreads 

FAMOUS BRAND 
SIGNATURE PRINTS! 
Fancy No-Iron 
Sheets 

Blazers»ShirtJackets 
Famous Makers’ Sweaters 

Irregulars made to sell to $3o. Sizes S .M .l 
TICKETED ‘5 AND ‘6 ......................... 

Irregulars made to sell to 
$32. Sizes 5 15 and 6- 

TICKETED $6 TOM 5 
Gauchos and Split Skirts 

Irregulars made to sell to $24. Sizes 6 -16. 
J # 7 5 
$ 
Q 
5 
o 
$ l f 
TICKETED *8-‘IO.‘l 2 . . . . O 
” 
O 
“ 
I V 
Pants, Jeans, Skirts, Vests 

Irregulars of value* to 4 * 
$18. Sizes 5 -15 a n d 6 -1 8 . 

TICKETED ‘5 TO ML... 
M a O f f 

Packaged irregulars sold elsewhere to 
$15. Designer styles in m any popular colorings, luxury no-iron blends of polyester /cotton. 

Irregulars and first quality of values to $175. Natural look, handspun, handwoven cotton. 
M ade exclusively in 
India. 
Heavy hand tied fringe. While quantity lasts. 
Vest & Gaucho Sets $ 

Irregulars made to sell to $3o W s 5 -15 
TICKETED M 5.... 
QUEENS 
KINGS 
Famous Makers Better 
Shirts and Tops 

Irregulars made to sell to $18. Sizes 
S.M.L. and some 38-44. 
TICKETED ‘6-‘7-l8 

* 4 
4 o . * 5 
5 4 . * 
6 
6 2 

TWINS, FULLS, QUEENS, KINGS 

 rnn 
CLEARANCE! FALL & WINTER 
Dress & Sport Shoes 

OUR FAMOUS BRAND 
YELLOW AND BLUE PKG. 
I 
Clearance! y 
Heavy Support | 
Panty Hose I 

Irregulars mode to sell to $1o. Sizes 4 -14, 6 
14, and S.M .l. 

TICKETED ‘2 TO ‘5 ....................... 
Irregulars of values to $2o. AH from our regular stock, on tables, priced to clear. 
Assorted sizes, some in narrow widths. 

I N F A N T S ' a n d T O D D L E R S 

N E W S P R I N G 
Pant Sets and 
| Crawler Sets 

 j ^ i r f i t y u i a n o f yoH*«» to $ 1 2 . 9 o 
I 
PofyeUar/ cotton keifs. Ty*© md 

H u e * p ie ce n t h for b o y * a n d 

I g n u S u e * 1 2 lo I i a n d 2 *o 4 
RE 
Mony Spring cofort 

Second* of values to SS VS 
Burlington* be*t with vewn on waistband in beigetone, 

 coHeetone, toupetone. ond other*. Sue* M I XT 
NEW SPRING 
Sandals & Dress Shoes 

" N I U IW Y W I . 

Irregulars of values to 
$1.7 9 . 
Beiaetones and suntan. 
All in one garment. Sizes P.A.T. 

Irregulars and first quality of values to $2o. Bone, navy, b la « , camel, and others. W edges and heels. M any from 
Italy, Spain, and Brazil. Sizes 5 to 12. 
Irregulars of value* to $24 . N ylon acetate. Prints. Long. 
Zipper front*. 
Sizes S.M.L. 
On*-Siz* Panty Hose 

 irregulars sold every­ where for 
$1.49. San- 
M i daifoat with memory yam. 
" 

Infants’ Diaper Sets 

Irregular* of value* to 
$ 5 .v 8 
Polye*ter/cotton. £- j o 
No-iron. 
Styles for boys *p * Af ond girl*. 
Soft pastels. 
Sizes v to 18 months. mMM 

Irreguksrt of value* to $8. Long cmd short styles. 
N ylon tricot, la ce trimmed. 
Size* 
S.M.L. Print* or solid*. 
Sandalfoot Control Top 
Panty Hose l 

 first quality to $2.5o w J 

Plain Knit Panty Hose 
A 

Irregulars to $2. 
I 

Queensize Panty Hose f 

Irregulars to $2.29. rn 

Toddler Boys’ Corduroy Pants 

Irregular* of value* lo 
$2 98 ft 
Pol ye vier /cotton corduroy. Solid 
B C e d l dark*, boxer style*. Su es 2 to 4 
W 

Infants’ Sleep or Ploy Sets 

 irregulars of volues to S S 98. Stretch terry or brushed fabrics for boys ond f t f t f t ft AL girls. One ond two piece outfits. f t w 
Pastels. Sizes newborn to 6 mo. 

 ladies’ & Teens’ 
Nylon Baby Dolls $ I 2 9 

Irregulars of values to $5. Nylon lf tricot. Stretch lace top. Sizes S.M.L. 
*** 

Mostly first quality of values to $3o. W edges and heels in mostly genuine leather. M any are labels you will recognize. New Spring colors. Sizes 5 to IO. 

TICKETED 

14 AND M5 
TICKETED 

MO TO M2 

FAMOUS MAKERS INCLUDED 
^ 
Men’s Dress Slacks 

■at Irregulars and fir*! quality. 
O u r usual 
^ie/$1o.88. 1o o % poly***®' knit*, woven*, ar 
*1 bister weave* Conventional belt loop *tyl- 
* 
I mg or continental waistband. Light to dark 
I solid colors, some fancies Sizes 2 8 -4 2 . r n 

Men’s Wrangler “No-Fault” Jeans 

 first quality of volues to $14.5o. Authenlic western styling m rn 

 with yoke bock, five pockets, belt loops, 22” finished flare. 
▼ 
J 
^ 

Sues 28-42. 
I ll 

Revlon Intim ate 
Skin Care Specials 

2 oz. M o o n d r o p s 
Moisture Balm 

2 oz. Under ^ 
_ 
M akeup 
S a l 
Film 
^ 
I 

1 6 oz. M o o n d r o p s 
Skin Toner 

14 oz. 
^ 
Montunzer J 
/ 
Cleanser w 
% 
Men’s No-Iron Western Shirts 

Irrogulort and first quality. Cham bray*, novelty print*, fancy western yoke* patchwork look, solid*, tripes, or plaid*. Sn a p o r button cuff*. S.M .L.XL. 

Irregulars and first quality. M achine w ashable polyester or polyester/cotton. Long point, spread, ond some button down collars with some french or button cuff*. Solids, stripe*, or print*. Sizes 14 VV 17. 

T SI.6 o Cover Girl One Stroke 
^ 
Eye Shadow _______ 98 ' 

S4 Revlon Intimate Perfumed Body lotion 4 oz* I ** 

52.25 Revlon Formula ll lipstick & Gloss d„. * 1 ** 
B o y s’ 
Famous Makers’ Sport Shirts 
$5 Charles of the Ritz Cheek Pomade Blush 
Irregular* and first quality. All cotton. Polyester/cotton, or oretafe/nylon 
Solids, stripe*, neat to bold prints, or fancy western style*. Size* 8-18. 
51.79 loshbrite Cream on Eye Shadow 

1 6 
2 oz. Faberge Wheat Germ Honey 

I Shampoo & Conditioner Trial Size 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 9 I 97 7 

I O L O I E 
C O U P O N f O L O { £ * * £ C O U P O N f O L O { £ # * £ C O U R O N 
J O L O 
C O U P O N f O L O f £ * V C C O U P O N f O L O f £ * * £ C O U P O N 

Our Usual 754 
RED HEART WINTUK 
SPORT YARN 

White, Woe Ii, and popular m 
, 
69' 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

G O O O M O N D A Y , JANCI A B Y IO 
(E -N ) 
| 

Our Usual 574 
BOYS’ SOCKS 

 color*. 2 OL 2 ply skein*? 
1oo% orlon acrylic limit 12. fiber. 

Ir re g u la r* and first q u a lity . 
Nylon /o r ­ lon o r 1 o o % nylon. 
S iz e s 6 -8 V j a n d 9 - 
11. lim it 3. 

G O O D M O N O A Y , J J 36 

(E-N) 
| 

Preticketed 2 pr. $ 1 . 4 9 
DAN RIVER COMFORT TOP 
KNEE HIGH HOSE 
First quality. p 
Beigetone* and f f j 
* 
I 
I 

Y IO 
(l-N ) 

 others. 
Pr 

 and limit 
6 2 166* 

 soil to 
J* Mio* J J U limit i n an . 
ED $3 AND $4 

G O O D M O N D * 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
O O O O M O N D A Y . JA N U AR Y IO 
(E -N ) 
I 

KNIT TOPS, T-TOPS, 
AND LONG SLEEVE SHIRTS 

 a f — 
$ j j o * $ 2 5 o 

Our Usual 594 
LADIES' AND TEENS’ 
NYLON PANTIES 

6.7 oz. ARM & ARM 
SPRAY DEODORANT 

Irregular* 
W MH or c tricot. calor* Toilorad ar 
J im S ta IO. limit S. 
43' 

Unscented 
Lightly scented 
Lim it 3 
59* 

G O D O M O N D A * 
JA N U A R Y IO 
(E -N ) 
O O O O M O N D A Y , J A N U A tY IO 
(E-N) 

 f n t . a f £ £ V e c o u p o n y b l o f c a v e c o u p o n ^ 
\ a t . a f £ R V £ c o u p o n 
^ffiff^fqvrcou P O N 
' f i M > o f £ * V £ c o u p o n 
J w ® J « w c o u p o n 

THI SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— Jo"uory 9, 1977 
PAG! I3 

ACROSS 

I. Fountain treats 
6 Interfere with, annoy 
12. Planting season 
17. Yielded, gave up 
22 Purgatives 
23 Booth occupant 
24. “----- 
Porridge 
Hot . . 
25 A Corps mem­ ber 
26 Duck lure 
27 Spanish silver coin 
28 In residence. 
2wrds. 
3o. Contents of vol­ cano s. Pl. 
31 Brain passages 
32 Choler 
33. Came arbitra­ tor. Colloq. i34 Appropriate 
35 Winter 
Month 
Abbr. 
36. “Once upon----- 

37 Clown, jester 
38 Body of water 
39 Appendix. Abbr. 
41 Seine 
43 Weep 
44 Aroma 
45. Embassy. Abbr. 
47 Pierces 
49 In favor of 
51. It s rubbed on violin bows 
54. Short for Ervin 
55. Required 
58 The self 
59 Bitter drug plants 
61 Family member 
62 Indelicate, gross 
64. Angered 
66 Too numerous to contend with 
69. Parts of the body 
TI Feminine name 
73 Wearing apparel 
74. The ins 
75. Rescued 
77 Paintings 
79. Sobs 

81. Some 
TV or movie scenes 
83. Baits 
84, U-Boat. Colloq. 
86 Fish-hook part 
88 Play a guitar 
89 Allude to 
9o Citrus fruits 
91. Napoleon battle site 
92. Feminine name 
94 Drink slowly 
95 Taunted, jeered 
97 Afternoon hours. 
Colloq. 
98. “----- Doll" 
99 Mussolini title 
1o1. Turl 
1o2. Period 
1o4. Will not Contr 
1o5 Kitchen appli­ ance 
1o6 Overrated in worth 
1o8 Biblical pro­ noun 
1o9 Gratuity 
111. Railroads. 
Abbr. 
112. Thailand 
114 Weeps 
116. Farm animal 
118. School groups 
122 School of whales 
124. Eye socket 
126 A nita 
. 
127 Used a saw 
128 
Not 
- 
----- 
Showed up" 
129. Stupors 
13o. Car of the 2os 
131 Shout 
132. Bristly fibers 
133 Ate 
134 Fall month 
136 Spring month 
139 Baseball league 
14o Arab 
Org 
Abbr. 
141. Resinous sub­ stance 
142. Remnant 
MS Dog sickness 
146 Take part in 
151. *• to You * 
154. Citrus fruit 

156 Detroit product 
157 Cheeses 
158 Inquire 
16o Portray 
162. Vellum Abbr. 
163. Bobby 
----- . 
Coif Great 
165 Barely make out 
166 Later, next 
168 Scot's nick­ name 
169 Tied 
171 Chewing----- 
172. Current mea­ sure, Colloq. 
174 Mutual Abbr 
175 
— 
Hear 
This!" 
176 Burlap fiber 
177 Office notes 
Album records. 
Colloq 
Gambling tab 
Colloq. 
Wooden stake 
Santa 
-----. 
Calif. 
For rent sign 
Brutal person * 
Hayseeds 
Season 
Chicago airport 
Organic eom- 
>unds 

179 

181. 

182 
183 

184. 
185 
186 
188 
19o 
191 
Elim* 
(nations 
193. Harbor sight. 
2wrds. 
194 Season 
195 Organ part 
196 Peace of mind, 
(•aim 
197 Tension strain 
198 Plural of serum 

DOWN 

Dregs, residue at a 
Sin­ gly 
Winter month 
Love, in Naples 
5. Speaks 
7. Gluttoned 2wrds 
8 Misplace 
9 Summer rn Paris 
1o Easy tasks. 
Slang 

L a s t w e e k ’s G ia n t s o lu t io n 

©C i itUM l*7« 
11 Hobo 
12 Madrid is its 
Capital 
13. Fondler 
H. Cheer 
15 It ----- no use to me 
16 Enemy, foe 
17. Prefix with bilsh, gourd 
18. Muse of lyric poetry 
19 Separators 
2o Captivates, charms 
21. Merited, earned 
27 Bakery products 
29 Ebony Poetic 
39 In regards to 
4o Weaving ma­ chine 
42. “They went —— 
— 
, sailed 
46 Beneath, under 
48 Time past 
49 Quiver, tremble 
5o Reprimanded 
52 Short for Sidney 
53 Torrid & Tem- 
B rate — 
. stance Abbr. 
57. Sand mounds in 
Britain 
59 Made angry 
6o Divided, cut 
62. Caverns 
63 Total 
65. Food regimens 
67 Rocky hill 
68 Point rn law 

69 Speedy rabbits 
7o Spoken 
72. This brings May flowers 
75 Vacation k>dg ings away from home 2wrds 
76 Bridal month 
77 First principles, basics 
78 Established cus­ tom Si belief 
8o Dint* 
82 American Film 
Institute Abbr 
83 Mouth (Kilt 
84 Fall month 
85 Poet 
87 Painter s needs 
91. White sale month 
93 Pains 
95. Type of archi­ tecture 
96 Entrances 
98 myelitis 
IOO Farm animal itll Coterie 
1o3 Home enter­ tainments. CoL loq. 
HH Past tense al be 
1o7 Calif Campus 
11o Appease, pan 

111 ium ps again 
113 Normandy town 
115 Tiers 
11o. Water craft 

SILLYETTES 

117. Married 
119 Mounted on a horse 
12o Lake 
Huron waterway. Col­ loq. 
121. Exalted, noble. 
122 Queensland tribe 
123 Month of the year 
125. Holm oak 
127 Burn slightly 
13o Fathered 
133 Australian wild dog 
134 Puss pronoun 
135 Radio Corp of 
America Abbr 
137 Roman house­ hold gods 
139 Male 
143 Vigor 
144 Winter month 
145 Maternal! 
146 Receptacle 
147 Region 
148 
Let them eat 

M9 I President 
15o New 
York 
Time. Abbr 
152 Pretend, feign 
153 Etc 
155 Backward di­ rection 
156 Put together, create 
ISO Doghouses 
1o1. Purveyor of food 
163 Independence month 
164 Happy expres­ sions 
166 Summer month 
167 Stadium noise 
17o. Famed 
173 Sheriff s men 
174 Flat tablelands 
176 Wayne. Mitch­ ell Et a1 
178 Sermon. Abbr 
18o Hop. 
----- 
& 

S t& f WHIRLY W ORDv!) by Wouen Tobotch 
PUZZLE 1o3 

A 
E 
C 
N 
A 
WI 
R 
O 
F 
R 
E 
P 
P 

R 
O 
D 
O 
L c 
E 
C 
K 
C 
I 
P 
A 

C 
Y 
L 
A 
A u 
O 
C 
H 
C 
I 
I 
N 

M 
L 
E 
N 
N 
L 
N 
A 
E 
C 
E 
I 
T 

A 
L 
E 
C 
L 
C 
R 
C 
T 
E 
T 
N 
L 

E 
I 
S 
A 
I 
C 
E 
E 
H 
C 
L 
T 
U 

O 
D 
R 
T 
O 
R 
L 
R 
E 
E 
H 
F 
P 

L 
A 
E 
A 
R 
R 
O 
L 
S 
G 
O 
G 
A 

O 
C 
L 
B 
A 
I 
L 
C 
I 
G 
A 
N 
T 

G 
I 
O 
T 
O 
O 
F 
R 
I 
M 
A 
S 
A 

Y 
P 
S 
F 
C 
I 
F 
E 
E 
L 
F 
B 
C 

N 
O 
I 
T 
A 
I 
I 
P 
I 
C 
E 
R 
P 

183 

CLUE: ‘SEASIDE HEIGHTS’* 

Solution: 6 letters 

HOW TO PLAY: 
All lh* words titled below tp p M ' rn th* pun** — honiont*lly, vertically oi*qon*tty. *v*n backward* F md ih*m and coct# lh*ir 
(*tt*«» 
Th* leftover t*tt*r* *p*tt th* S i *r w ord 
Archaeology 

Bags 
B a il 

C IM 
Catapult 
Charcoal 
Clod 
Collar 
Collect 
Dancers 

Feel 
Pant 
Fleece 
Performance 
Foot 
Pie-dilly 
Fright 
Pith 
Game 
Precipitation 
Itch 
Rod 
Licorice 
Solo 
Lute 
Starlet 
Luncheon 
Strife 
Neck girl arts friend 
184 You French 
187 W W 2 area 
189 Damage, spoil 
| UM WertCi Amman SNAPPER 
] 

/ 

J 

CARPET 
INVENTO RY CLEARANCE 
WAREHOUSE 

 m Coronet 
E l u m ii 

1oo% NYLoN-HI4oW 
CUT L LOOP SHAG 
6 MOST WANTED COLORS 

EXAM PLE a m a f\ 
1 2 X 1 5 A R L A 
V V 
( 2o SQ. TDS,} 
O 
$ 1 3 9 * o 
W 
SO Ti 

COMPLETELY INSTALLED 
IN C L U D IN G PA P A LABOR 

I SOO Sq. Id. OI U H id Corp*! horn A Promtntnf Apt -Hoove ‘ I i i Groan A Red 

ANY ROOM 
SIZE RUG 
CUT FROM 
FUU ROUS 
SO BRING 
YOUR ROOM 
MEASUREMENTS. 

1oo% WOOL RIO 6o oz. per yd. thM ll • o ilh d aiHi 

» 1 2 . o o . , « 

AU MtJKJtAMOflJ MUS! M UM IO* MI ABVAHfi o* 
(tiBit *r«AMGMMNU MARI NW S TO MtlAUAflON 
SA V IN CS UR TO 
5o% 

WI EE I AST TO 

FIND! 

 mu M M M * M ill mf Akutan »6MMi a MT a Mat* 
O 

OPEN ALL DAY TODAY 1o-6 P.M. 

WAREHOUSE 

NACO 
PERRIN 
3773 

SVorl 
Brief 

H San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
HEALTH PLANS 
FACING CONGRESS 
By oui own Sylvia Porte! 

Starts Tuesday in The N ew s 

ORDEAL by SEA 

Continuation of full length novel that starts today! 

SPIDER-MAN's 
Crime Fighters 

Join and get your crime fighter card 
'Camino’: Reality seen in fantasy 

FOUR sisters, Jenny, Rosa, Ella and Regina, gath e r together for the first tim e in 2o ye ars 
ST AFE PHOTO BY H M OLAN JR 
Four sisters reunited first time in 2o years 

By D A V ID IVlcLEM OKL 

The Zelig sisters held a reunion in 
San Antonio Saturday. It was tin* first tim e they had been together in 2o years. 
It also marked the second time they 
■were in one place at one time since they fled the Nazi invasion of their home in Czechoslovakia in 1939. 
The trail of their respective lives traced from Europe to Latin America to the United States, finally to con­ verge on San Antonio. 
Jenny, Rosa, Regina and Kila Zelig lived the same normal existence most young girls led in their town of Bra­ tislava, Czechoslavakia. during the 
193os. 
The first rum ors of Jewish perse­ cution by the Nazis and the threat of invasion by the Germans forced them to split up for the first time in their lives. 
Lucky to flee 

“ We all got away by luck only.” said Jenny. “ That is all. We a1) left se p a ra te ly and took w h a te v e r passage we could find to wherever it would take us.” 
Emotions spanning nearly 38 years overcame the sisters when they spoke of those times. “ We were very luc ky. 
That we know," said Kila 
“ T here are not m any Jew ish fa­ 

 milies who can say they all cam e through the holocaust of the Nazis.” 
Rosa left first, lucky enough to find passage to New York City. She and her husband, Imre Adler, lived there for more than 3o years, until recent­ ly. 
They now call San Antonio home. 
“ I moved here because of my son and because my sister, Kila, lived here. 
She told me so much about it, I.had to find out about this beautiful place." 
Kila. and her husband, Jo se p h 
Rot m an. have been San Antonians since 195o. “ My husband spoke little 
English, but could speak Spanish. We decided to settle here.” 
The other sister, Regina, and her husband. W illiam W eissfiseh, e s ­ caped to Ecuador Jenny gained pas­ sage to Chile, where she m et and m arried Julio Schwartz. They now live in Honolulu, Hawaii 
Grateful 
“ The best part of our lives is that we are all to g eth er,” Jenny said. 
“ After that, we are so grateful for 
America.” 
“ We’ve all been bac k to Bratislava at least once,” she continued. 
“ Things are all so sad, it is so very different. We are all glad to return to 
America,” 
Regina paused for a moment, re­ flectively. “ Not all our lives have 

 been happy. It is very hard to leave your hom e an d m ove to s tra n g e places with different customs. 
“ But we had to adapt, sometimes several times, moving from country to country. But it made us self-suffi­ cient in our new lives. It helped us survive.” 
Her sister Ella said. “ Don’t forget our sense of humor. That helped us keep a incitive attitude." 
"W e have lived and traveled a r ­ ound the world. We have enjoyed life and have been able to live,” Jenny added. "T hat’s not so bad.” 
The four sisters last got together briefly 2o years ago in New York Ci­ ty. “ Let us hope we can do it sooner than that again,” said Rosa. “ Maybe the next time we can come back to­ gether in five years." 

Reunion party 

The sisters all laughed. For that brief moment, they were all young women in their home village again. 

Then guests began arriving, old friends of Kila and Joseph, and by extension, friends of the other sisters and their husbands. 
It was time for their reunion party. 
Characteristically, they couldn’t keep the joy they felt to themselves. They had to share it with their friends. 

Cross-section 
The scene established by Douglas 
W. Schmidt's set of lovely terraces. seamy porno houses, shining neon signs and an elegant cafe is cross­ section of life styles in some banana republic port city. it is peopled by the commonplace 
— thieves, hustlers, hookers, gypsies and brutal policemen — and by the exceptional. . . glamorous characters from fiction — Casanova, Marguerite 
Gautier, Lord Byron and Don Quix­ ote. 
Into this melange comes Kilroy, a not too b rig h t A m erican ex-prize- fighter with an enlarged heart and still dangling the gold-plated boxing gloves that symbolize his life’s high point about his neck. Among the re­ sidents of the Camino Real Kilroy is about to discover how little freedom a person has, how he can be trapped In un insane existence. 
No escape 
.Not just Kilroy, but all the ch ar­ acters are trapped. And the progress of the play is traced by the progress the characters make to flee the ca­ mino or to flee their predetermined existences. For some there is no es­ cape. 
The gypsy's daughter, comically played by \iichelc Garrison, is in a cycle in which the moon magically 

Lebanon adopts plan to revitalize econom y 

By RON W H IT E 
“ Camino R eal” is the stuff that nightmares are made of. 
Tennessee W illiam s’ play about people living lives of noisy desperation on a street that encom ­ passes flop houses -and grand hotels, whores and ladies, dead dogs and noblemen is like watching the fears of an insane man parade themselves. 
But, no, not entirely insane, for the play is too full of poetry, too generous with se n tim e n t, and too sh rew d ly 1 cunning to be entirely lunatic. It is insanity transform ed into overlap­ ping patterns of hope and despair. 
And like watching the thoughts of someone else there are times when 
“ Camino Real" wanders away with itself leaving the audience to its own am usem ent. But those tim es when 
“ Camino Real” becomes tedious are more the fault of W illiam s’ script than The Acting Company's produc­ tion which opened a national tour this weekend at Trinity University. 
The com pany’s production, to be presented in its final San Antonio 
.performance Sunday, is often fascin­ ating, frequently frightening and even sometimes beautiful. 

Th e rh a rn ct e rs a re tramped in a seamy uorld o f fa n ta s y and despera­ tion 

 and periodically restores her virgini­ ty only so she can be deflow ered again. For Casanova and Marguerite, both well and touchingly played by J. 
Kenneth C am p b ell and P a tric ia 
Hodges, life is a steady decline. Ca­ sanova is ridiculed and the haunted 
Marguerite must pay for the love she used to be paid for. 
Jam es Harper’s Kilroy is the infant in the play, a modern American op­ tim ist who has never before encountered the despair and fear that hangs in tho air of the camino like a bad odor. Harper makes the role as likeable as it is innocent and some­ what dum b. One hopes he will be freed, but realizes the hope is unrea­ listic. 

Gerald Freedm an’s direction walks a tig h tro p e betw een re a lism and dream. The characters and the play are patently non-realistic, and yet much of the insanity and roles are infused with credibility. 
The gypsy (Mary Lou Rosato). with a 45 on her hip and a motto on her lips (“ All of us are guinea pigs in the laboratory of God.” ) has a realism that is startling. On the other end. a seemingly more realistic character, 
Gutman (David Schramm) manages simultaneously to be a hotel keeper and a god-figure. 
The production is made up of many such fine individual perform ances that have been forged into a whole by 
Freedman. If there is any fault with 
Freedm an’s direction, it is that he never quite figures out what to do with the excesses of Williams’ script 
— with Byron’s windy speech or the ending which somewhat artificially tacks an optim istic note on a bill­ board covered with hopelessness. 

HHH to get 
4th treatment 
WASHINGTON 
(A P) 
- 
Sen, 
Hubert IL Humphrey will undergo a fourth treatment of chemotherapy in a few da>s, an aide said Saturday. 
The M innesota D em o crat, who underwent surgery in October for cancer of the bladder, is in good health and will not have to be hospi­ talised for the treatment, aide David 
Gartner said 

Throwing a pot 

PAT McTEE demonstrates the intricate use of the potter’s wheel 
Saturday during an arts and crafts fair at River Square marketplace. Local artisans showed how they made their wares during the daylong show. — Staff photo by Pat Hamilton 

Soviet blo<* force 
«eth new boss 

MOS* OW — The Soviet arm y chief of staff, Gen. Viktor Kulikowv, has been appointed chief of Warsaw Pact forces, Tass reported Saturday. He replaces the late Marshall Ivan I. 
Yakubovsky, 
In the new (Hist. Kulikov. 55, who is considered one of the most brilliant officers on the Soviet general staff, will head the joint forces of the Soviet bloc nations. 

Eden taken ill 

LONDON — Form er British Prim e 
Minister Anthony Eden. 79, became seriously ill during a visit to Florida and a Royal Air Force plan was sent 
Saturday to bring him home to Eng­ land, the government said. 

Rebels dow n plane 

MOSCOW — Black n atio n alist guerrillas in Rhodesia shot down a government military transport plane, killing three airmen, Tass reported 
Saturday in a dispatch from Lusaka, 
Zambia 

Leftist* join army 

P O P P E N H A G E N , D e n m a rk — 
Leftist political soldiers are joining the Danish armed forces, and the detense staff has launched a cam ­ paign to c o u n te ra c t in te rn a l antimilitary propaganda, defense of­ ficials say 

C O M P IL E D f r o m W I e v i c t s 
BEIRUT, Lebanon - Ti,, 
Lebanese governm ent Satur­ day adopted a series of m ea­ sures, including guarantees for foreign investm ent, designed to revitalize the war-battered economy. 

 open sum m it 

LUSAKA. Zambia — Five black 
African states opened a summit meeting Saturday amid indications they might throw their weight behind 
British attempts to break a deadlock in talks on bringing black majority rule to Rhodesia. 
None of the participants spoke* to reporters when they flew into Lusaka to a welcome from traditional Afri­ can dancers aud greetings chanted by the* assembled crowd. 
But all the so-calied frontline black state-, except Angola have indicated guarded support for Britain’s effort t,, ..»! sfniprpjgod Geneva 

T ilo turned down 
Soviet requests 

NEW YORK — Yugoslav diplomats have disclosed to United States offi­ cials in Washington and abroad that 
President Tho flatly rejected three requests from Leonid L Brezhnev, the Soviet leader, for closer military cooperation betw een the two countries. 
Brezhnev, according to reports circulated by Yugoslavs, had 4o pro­ posals and requests on his agenda when he m et with Tito last No­ vember 

* 
The insurance plan, to invite the flow of capital into the country, will cover losses or d am ag e s which a com m ercial firm or investor may suffer as a result of wars, war acti­ vity or civ ii strife. 
The plan w as announced iii the* form of a decree following a lour- hour meeting of the Lebanese cabinet and President Elias Sarkis 

The announcem ent said new in ­ vestments will be covered by a spe­ cial bank that has full administrative and financial independence from the government. 

Black nations 

 moving again toward a peaceful transition to majority rule in Rhode­ sia, where blacks outnumber whites by about *25-to4. 
The frontline countries — Angola, 
Zambia, Tanzania, Mozambique and 
Botswana — support the black na­ tionalist insurgency in Rhodesia. 

Upbeat, offbeat, people & pictures 

Drug, gun trade builds 

ASSO CIATE FRISS 
CU LI AC AN, Mexico 
— Drug smugglers in northern Mexico are trading drugs for powerful military wea­ pons. 
The weapons are repor­ tedly being supplied by or­ ganized crime in the United states and Hong Kong. 
Mexican arm y sources claim. 
A recent army raid on a drug-growing mountain hamlet with a population of only 24o netted 74 automatic weapons, 27 pistols and more than 2.ooo rounds of am m unition, m ilita ry sources said. Thesoldiers also found a hidden a ir­ strip, two airplanes and IO new pickup trucks 
U S Drug Enforcement 
Agency agents and Mex­ ican narcotics agents have expressed the belief that guns, purchased on the il­ legal international arms market by Americans, are smuggled into Mexico in exchange for heroin and marijuana 
Guarding 

The guns, including 
Chinese Communist assault rifles and U S. m ilitary 
MlBs, are being used by gunmen protecting drug shipments against capture from narcotics agents. 
Mexican narcotics agents recently have tightened measures against drug smugglers, i i i a joint effort with U S. authorities to crack down on tin* drugs 
How mg over the border 
Mexico now supplies about 
BO per cent of the heroin reaching the United States, according to the DEA 
An army patrol captured seven AK47 Kalishnikov automatic assault rifles, a 
Soviet-model manufactured in China, and a number of 
MlBs atter a recent battle with narcotic smugglers in 
Santiago de los Caballeros about IOU m ile s north of 
Culiacan 
Poppy country 

The area around Culiacan 
Is where poppies are cul­ tivated Culiacan, Mexico s drug capital, is about 45o miles south of the I S border, near the Pa cific coast 
The battle occurred Nov. 
I, but was not made public at the time 
Army and police sources said a 16-man patrol ex­ changed automatic weapon tire with opium and mar­ ijuana sm ugglers in the v illage for over an hour. 
Twelve people, including one soldier, were killed. 
M ilita ry sources i i i 
Culiacan, headquarters of the 9th Military Zone, said the army captured 74 au­ tomatic weapons, 27 pistols and more than 2.ooo rounds of ammunition in a house- to-house search of the mountain hamlet. Santiago de los Caballeros has 4«A homes and a population of about 24o residents. 
Seven of the weapons were of Chinese Communist 

 m anufacture and the remainder were from the 
United States, including 
MlBs, M I automatic c a r­ bines and Thompson sub­ machine guns, the arm y said. 
Until recently most of the guns captured from drug outlaws were commercial 
A R U or W orld W ar ll sem iautom alic carbines available on the open mar­ ket iii the United States. 
Neither the Kalishnikov rifles nor the MIBS can he purchased legally by un­ licensed civilians on the world m arket. Both are fully automatic weapons used for war. Their sale and distribution supposedly is under strict control by international police agen­ cies. 
Smuggled guns are worth more iii the rugged mourn 

D E A o ffic io Is be- licve the arms orc purch ased on the ill e g a l in tern a- tio n a l arm s m a r­ ket by ,Americans an d sm u g g led in­ to Mexico to tratle for drugs 

 tains of Mexico than at their point of origin. The international cartel of Hie organized drug trade can purchase an AK47 or a U S. 
MIB for less than $2oo in the 
Middle East or in Southeast 
Asia where the cartel also has drug businesses, ac­ cording to narcotics and army sources 
The sources said cap­ tured drug smugglers had 

 told them an M IB brings about $1,ooo in Mexico while an AK47 sells for about $2,ooo In the moun­ tains, com m ercial grade marijuana sells for only $2o a kilo (2.2 pounds), so one 
AK47 is worth almost one ton of marijuana 
The soldiers searching 
Santiago de los Caballeros also found a hidden airstrip near the village where IB new pickup trucks and two airplanes were hidden, the army said 
Drugs found 
The soldiers also found 
B7 tons of marijuana, IO ki­ los (22 pounds) of opium and four hydraulic presses for m aking m arijuana bricks. 
One man. who was cap­ tured in the fight with sol­ diers, said the weapons 

 were flown into the area by 
Americans who exchanged them for opium and m ar­ ijuana grown by the v il­ lagers. according to m ili­ tary sources. The man. whose life would be in danger from drugrunners ii identified, said all the vil­ lage's inhabitants were in­ volved in the drug trade. 
He said the old men and women sorted the seeds and cleaned and bricked the marijuana. The young men planted and tended the fields and the children helped water them. 
Everyone in the village cooperated in the opium harvest, he said 
Dope is the sole industry in Santiago de los Cabal­ leros, and soldiers say there are hundreds of vil­ lages with the same basic industry 

WATCH OUT!! 

Dillards great carpet blitz is coming, 
Saturday, Jan. 15! 

 get measured now! 

Be ready. . .Saturday, Jan u ary 15, you'll have I I hours to buy finest quality carpet at tremendous savings! Call us now, and w e ’ll measure your room(s). . .no charge, no obligation! Then come in 

January 15 and buy your new carpet at bargain prices! 

DILLARD'S .... CENTRAL PARK ... 341-5151 
DILLARD 'S ... W IN D S O R PARK ... 654-3131 
EXT.-345 
EXT. 345 

SALb 
FAMOUS MAKER 
MEN’S 
SPORT 
SHIRTS 
ORIG. 
$17 TO $25 
NOW 

Repeat of a sellout! Hurry to save on men s 1 o o % polyester and cotton/polyester sport shirts! O ur volume buying allows us to offer these number I maker shirts at bargain prices. 
M any colors, patterns. S-XL. 

Men’s Sportswear 

SHOP DILLARD'S MON.-SAT. IO A.M.-9 P.M.! 
MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK, CENTRAL PARK 

Firewater brigade 

B A K E R . Ore. (A P ) - 
Firefighters, aided by an unusually large number of volunteers, tried in vain to save a flaming railroad boxcar loaded with gin, whiskey and other spirits. 
The 
Union 
P a c ific freight car was bound for 
Seattle, to be delivered to the W ashington Liqu or 
Control 
Board , when sparks from the sticky brake linings ignited tin' wooden floor of the boxcar 
The area reeked of li­ quor long after the fire was out, witnesses said. 

Son Antonio EX P R ESS- N EW S— Sunday Jan u ary 9 1977 
Page I I-A 

Judge W illiam Neigh­ bors, after hearing Eoven- o’s claim that he was a spiritual naturopath, or­ dered tho county to pro­ vide the special menu. 

Eoveno said his religion requires him to eat shred­ ded wheat cereal, whole wheat bread, fresh vegeta-* hies, except for root vege­ tables, and peanut butter. . 

City Hall clean-up? 

JE R S E Y CITY. N J. (A P ) - A wo- man who lost her job mopping floors in 
City Hall is seeking a seat on Hie City 
Council. 
Rose Topoleski faces four rivals so far in the non-partisan May election for the Bergen-Lafayette Ward council 

 seat, her first political contest 

Mrs. Topoleski, the widowed mother of four grown children, worked as a cleaning woman in City Hall for about a year until she was laid off in a payroll cutback last February. 

Black board member out 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
AUSTIN — The State Board of 
Education voted 15-8 Saturday to unseat a newly-elected black board member from Houston on the ground that be is a state employe. 

Raymond Alexander, an assistant professor at Prairie View A&M. said he would appeal the board’s action to the courts. 
Alexander, 52, was elected to the board on November 2 from Congressional district 
22 
Unless successfully challenged in court, the board itself will select a new member from that district. 
9o days 

Bourd Chairman Joe Kelly Butler, also from Houston, said that the procedure would take about 9o days. 
Board members rejected a motion to obtain an attorney general’s opinion on 
Alexander's eligibility 
‘ We are saying to the 95,ooo people who put him in office that regardless of what you say, we are not going to take Mr. 
Alexander to court, but make the decision ourselves,” said Board Member Woodroow 
Bean of El Paso 
Butler said the question of eligibilitv arose after Alexander submitted a stan­ dard biographical form to the board which showed that he was employed at Prairie 
View. 
At that point, the board asked Atty. Gen 
John Hill for an opinion on Alexander s eligibility, but Hill declined to give one because he said he believed the lawsuit had been filed challenging Alexander's right to serve 
State law says that a person may not be elected to, or serve on the board if he is employed by the state 
Butler relied on a Dec. 29, 1972, opinion 

The State Hoard o f Education ruled Raym ond A lexan der o f 
Ihnisttm ineligible to serve 

 by Hill, bolding ineligible a person who was employed as a public school teacher 
Alexander said he had taken the oath of office in Houston prior to appearing at 
Sa tu rd ays board meeting. 
Board member Jam 4 Wells of Austin said it was "a matter of public knowledge" that the lawsuit contesting Alexander’s election 
"has boon thrown out." 
"W e have no reason to believe the at­ torney general would not assist us with a definition of our responsibility on the eligibility of candidates,” she said. 
Dr. Joseph Gat he, a black board member from Houston, said that if Alex­ ander were ineligible, so was lie because bo receives state funds for teaching at 
Baylor University medical school 
At one point, board m em ber Ruben 
Hinojosa of Mercedes asked Alexander if he would be willing to delay Joining the board until an attorney general's opinion could be obtained 

Willing lo wait 

“I would I would like to get lins Hung cleared up,” he said. 
Alexander said no tine told him "about even the possibility (th.it he was ineligi­ ble) until it looked like I was going to win the primary iii the district, which happens to be only 3o per cent black " lh4 said he twice had run unsuccessfully before wintling the 197o primary and gen­ eral election 
Dissension from the vote on Alexander spilled over into the board's next business, election of Us officers for tin4 next two years. 

SAN ANTONIO ... 

 onestly, 

I student’s not crazy 

Real tough dude 

JO H N 
Y A L O V O Y of Son Francisco is 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
D ETRO IT 
— 
Susan 
Sheridan, a 
24-year-old special education student at 
Cody High School, says she could make good use of $1oo — but only if it belongs to her. 

Naturopath gets what he wants 

BO U LD ER. Colo. (A P ) 
— A 25-year-old Boulder 
County Ja il inmate has won a court battle to have a special diet — including peanut butter, wheat pro­ ducts and fresh vegetables 
— served in bis cell. 

Perry Eoveno. 25, serv­ ing a two-year term for attempted b urglary, claimed in bis suit that prison officials violated his constitutional right to freedom of religion by serving him food other prisoners got. 

Miss Sheridan suffers from cerebral palsy, se­ vere hearing and speech im pairm ent and lives alone on Social Security. 
This week, she found $1oo on the floor of a crowded hallw ay at school. She turned the money in to the principal’s office. 
“ Sure, I could have used the money. But I had to do the right th in g ,’’ M iss 
Sheridan said. 

A counselor said: " S e ­ veral students asked me if 
Susan did the hest thing. 
They really can’t believe she returned the money. 
Many hav e told her she was crazy." 
The two 
$5o bills belonged to 
Eng lish teacher Carolyn Cannon. 

M iss Cannon gave the student a $2o reward 

83 years old but that didn’t stop him from routing a young thug with a sawed off shotgun. 
“Nobody’s going to shoot me without a fig h t,” he said later. 
Y a lo v o y wrestled with the young man and was punched in the face twice before his at­ tacker fled. — AP 
W irephoto 

Scientists build a ‘heart’ from 1 o O -ye a r-o ld plan 

SCIENTISTS say they have made a major breakthrough against heart disease with the help of a 
1oo-year-old engine design. 
They are developing a small heart pump using a radioisotope- driven Sterling engine which was first developed in the mid-19th century-. 
Dick Johnston, head of the $1.75 million project, at the Richland 
Energy Laboratory in Washington 
State, said. ‘ We are concentrat­ ing on an artificial device to re­ place the left ventricle of the heart, which is most subject to disease, but we also have an im­ 

 portant part to play in total heart replacement. We are hoping to perform our first human implant as early as 1985 ” 

The device — the size of a regu­ lar bar of soap — will be tested with animals. Previous implants into animals, mostly calves, failed because the blood pump was too large. Johnston said the device would make human heart trans­ plants obsolete in time. 

“ When we have the device per­ fected it will be so much simpler than a heart transplant and much safer,” he said. so 

Carter’s promises are just...promises 

JIMMY CARTER made 2,5oo speeches during his election campaign to earn him the right to sleep in the White House bed. 

It took no less than one month for his faithful aides to compile this avalanche of promises into a 
IOO page book which, with a degree of humor, they refer to as Promises, Promises. 
In four years time, that 11o-page book could be a best seller The book is liberally laced with phrases like “coming to a new dawn of hope” and “ being on the brink of a new era.” 

That was the “ honeymoon.” Now comes crashing realization that we are married the 
MOTHER ON DEATH ROW 
FIGHTS ON (NCT FOR HER 
CHILDREN 

PRETTY Sonia Linder, a 28-year-old mother of two, is a reluctant member of the country’s most exclusive club. 
She is one of only five women in the 
United States living on Death Row. 
In an exclusive interview from her cell in Florida s lx>well Institute for the Reha­ bilitation of Prisoners, she told THE STAR of the agonies of life in the shadow of the electric chair. 
Linder was convicted and sentenced to death in February last year for her part in the slaying of two policemen, Patrolman 
Philip Black, 39. and a visiting Canadian 
Constable, David Irwin. 
Eyewitnesses told the court she had blazed away at the men before giving a win to her boyfriend Jess Tefaro, who then 
Killed the cops 
The killers had been stopped for a rou­ tine check on Interstate 95 near Deerfield 
Beach, Fla. 
Tefaro, a convicted rapist and robber be­ fore the murders, now also awaits execu­ tion on Death Row. 
Linder has appealed. but no date has been set for the nearing — or her execu­ tion 
As she waits to hear whether she will live or die. Linder says her children take up most of her thoughts 
“ No man in prison could feel as I feel. 
It was like losing part of myself when my children were taken from me,” she said. 
Daughter Tina, 18 months, and son Erie, 
IO, now live with their grandparents Only the boy has visited his mother in prison. 
“Time just stood still when I saw him standing there We hugged and kissed,” she said “ I was crying and fought to stop as I knew it was painful to him 
"It was terrible. You can’t get away from the fact he knew I was rn prison.” 
Erie lander regularly writes to his moth­ er and his letters have a "terribly emotion­ al effect,” she says. 
“When I get a letter I laugh, cry — even talk to it and kiss it.” 
She also receives a daily letter from 
Jess Tefaro who she claims she married in 
1974 But prison authorities have been un­ able to trace marriage papers and have re­ fused the two killers visiting rights 
“ Jess’s letters mean so much." she says. “ If I don't get one every day I start ry Is he all right'’ It s terrible We ch a beautiful relationship ” 

Sonia Linder hugs her baby daughter Tina, shortly before the shooting incident which led to her arrest. and she calls a “tomb", painting over these books 

 to worry had suer 
Tefaro, through their correspondence, helped her obtain a collection of lawbooks 
She spends much of her time in the cell 

They will help her, she hopes, to correct the sexual inequality she says she faces on 
Death Row. 

“ Male prisoners are allowed to smoke, have television, library books and more ex ercise time than I do,” she says 

“ I am being deprived of so many things wtiich make life easier for men on Death 
Row And I intend to fight for my nghts. 
“ Each day is a battle with my emo­ tions,” she added. It doesn’t get better each day. It gets worse.” 
Linder's appeal against her conviction 

 poring and death sentence will probably be heard later this year and she is confident she will be freed. 
“ I just know I’ll be back with my chil dren again,” she says. 

During the campaign, Mr. Carter foamed at the mouth at the high unemployment rate under Jerry 
Ford. But before he had ever warmed the White 
House bed, he admitted that the unemployment situ­ ation was a lot more complex than most people thought. 
And he added: “ IT MIGHT TAKE SOMEWHILE 
TO CORRECT THE SITUATION” - like about four years. 
Gregory B. Scheiders, one of Carter’s closest aides 
— and one of the diligent men who helped compile his Promises, Promises book — has let us in on a little secret. 
Mr Scheiders informs us that what many people thought were Carter promises were actually state­ ments in which he said “ he would promise to 
STUDY.” 
Mr Scheiders adds: “ If you actually boil down the things he said he would do, which will result in action, it would be one eighth of the 11o-page book . . . it would be very, very thin." 
And he adds: “The feeling is that we won’t be able to do all these things immediately.” He then tells us that Carter's staff is just adding up ex­ actly how much all these promises will cost. 
Staff aides, however, admit they will probab­ l y never be able to assess what just the 
“promises alone” would cost this country. 
This on its own should make the most ardent 
Carter follower smell a big fat rat. 
But, there is more. 
Remember when 
Mr. 
Carter indignantly fumed against the morality of the Nixon and 
Johnson administrations? He singled out with disgust the past epidemic of the “ buddy system” in presidents appointing cronies to key jobs 
And we all applauded. The Carter administra­ tion will be different. 
Let s forget that he chose his family’s peanut company banker. Bert Lance, to be the Budget 
Director. 
Let’s forget that he appointed his eye doctor. 
Dr Carlton Hicks, old friends Mrs Milton Jones and Mrs. Robert Pauley to the Inauguration 
Committee. After all. what are old friends for? 
But let’s have a very close look at Mr. Griffin 
Bell 
One of the first things Mr. Carter does is ap­ point Mr. Bell as Attorney General. Mr. Bell, we nave since learned, was not only a neighbor of 
Mr. C arter's but one of his best friends. 
Mr. Carter hung Nixon by the heels for ap­ pointing the discredited John Mitchell, who be­ longed to Nixon’s law firm, as Attorney General. 
Mr. Bell is not only a friend, but a friend with a curious attraction for private clubs that stand for everything an Attorney General should be passionately against. 
It appears that two of the clubs Mr. Bell be­ longs to exclude blacks and have very, very few 
Jews on their rosters. 
Mr. Bell did not immediately resign from the clubs After all, he would forfeit something like 
$1o,ooo in club fees. 
He at first said he would work out some kind of arrangement whereby he would take a leave of absence from the membership during his time in Washington, adding: “ After all, I won’t be in 
Washington forever.” 
Finally, pressure from the top forced him re­ luctantly to resign — $1o,ooo fees not withstand ing So we start to learn a few things about Mr 
( arter. He has, however, honored one commit­ ment of sorts. 
Mr. Carter’s fervent “born-again" religion has remained constant. He has announced there won t be any booze in the W’hite House, which prompts me to wonder aloud how that will sit with his brother Billy. 
Something tells me that this is going to be a very stormy marriage. 

SCHOOL BANS CHRISTIAN BUTTONS 
“ I FOUND It” buttons, which attest to a persons belief in Jesus Christ, liave been banned in a Florida elementary school. 
Two teachers have been told not to wear the popular buttons because they could violate laws prohibiting religious instruc­ tion in public schools. “ It is a legal ques­ 

 t s Jean Sanzone. princij 
Elementary School, St. lion,” sa 
Maximo burg 
“ I feel if the buttons are worn in the school building and a child asks what they mean, it would bring religion into the schools,” she said.“ That’s against the law." 

I of eters- 

Page 
I 2 A 
San Antonio EX PR ESS N E W S — Sunday January 9 1977 

B exar delegates have filed 55 bills 

MCBF*'!* M fW S r APITOI H .'C f*'! 
M STIX — When the 6Mh Legi->la turf' convene?. hurt' I • J»" ‘ J it will already have inure than 37 I new bill * 

 w a i t i n g , a l l p r e f i l e r ) .s in c e N o v s 
Cif tills total, Sa have been planed i i i 
♦ he legislative hopper by members of the Bexar C ounty delegation 

I i i the House, eight ol the county s 
12 state representatives have auth 

 ore*) a total of hi lulls in adv anet of the new session 
On the Senate side, two of Bevor 
County's th ret senators have spun sorer) I ' new bills as Well as one 
Senate Joint Resolution 
The follow mg is a run down of the 
House lulls pre filed by Bexar County representatives through Friday. 
The bills are listed by authors 

R F F RON BIRI) 
H R I t 
• < tin 
?M tH. ??7*h o " a 
J ’ C h jt g t - J i l l ! " " l l D is tr jr t fn iir t- , fo r 
£}p»r>r 
( 
M B i f 
— X»-1t«ng tl*«f p q y tye o le qt th e t^ q e rq ! tn in trn itrn w a C K ^r,r e ie r ftori t 
* f i nd t i e r V % f ortcfr feting eler ttOftS OAd tor ejttendincj yrho ols Of fH'>tr'i d ton fo r f le c tio n o ffic e r s 
M B 
RI 
— P o in tin g to the rnmpetenrr o f o rjnfonrfrjnt to r fr jf lt f tf »nl rn o crim in a l p roceed 
»oq. and rnrtkIOO p rovisions for tho d efend ant found to rom petont to ".tand trial 
M B 
9o 
- t ^ n M i y h i o a p r o f e s s io n a l rjn rjfif lr O lto n C *nr m p m b r r '-hip on th o 
T e ^ O X 
W o ter Q u a lify B o a r d a n d r e a lig n in g th e m o m 

 pervhip pt the T W Q B 
M B 
2o3 
— C re atin g off tent nt t oijht / (Me r ti cs n ad m in istrato r and re /Qmptba the adO M O tStratioo 
of c lo 'ttoo- in re rto m < aunties tn rb id in g B e x a r 
M B 
— c OH mo for Sf)»rfni tra in in g for p e r s o n s 
A h o Tok r in to p ro fe e ti ,-r* C u s to d y PO tre a ts w h o o r e o h 'r o t w ith o u t a u t h o r it y fr o m m ental hospital- 
H B ?99 
- fro yp D H 'rrPd Aith V a le P e p BH I 
S u lliv a n ) 
- p ro h ib itin g telep hone rn m p fjru p s from c h a rg in g an d the T e x as h 'lftljr 
U tlltty 
Com m ission from ap p ro vin g , c h a r a os tor foie phone d irer to ry assistance 
M B 
344 
— P ilo tin g to ad van ce s for tro v e ! ny pen sos of state off >rer% and em p lo yes 

R E P Ai.BROWN 
M B 
111 * P«*t?ia n tin g hois** If-vhl mrjyim' y. h u h m o v b f p ro tf iire rj p y r n o f o r r v ' i f s O n a 
V t tin r j p fo o ltm s fo r violation-!, 
M B 
. n j 
_ ( r f ) s p o n s o r e d b v Pop r ro o k 
M o U IO ) — rrjlhoq tnr pr-rtoOtr fp - tm o pf p u b t'C srliool sfMOont-, on prnfi. .nory in bl'it stilts of ro rjU m a. w rifino, o n b arithm».tir 
M B 
.111 
— f r o ' Don .or pc] b v 
M p i- p l' 
— s p fftn q '-liiifrnl tnrj. hor r ip s ,ro o m r a t io s in 
H in a o rQ o rto n O na H o m p h to r y q ro O P '. in p u b lic jr noels 

REP. FRANK HERNANDEZ 
H B 
14o 
_ Im p o s in g an n ig h t p r r c o n t rot"- Of 
LEGISLATURE waffle u 

 things to us in Bexar < oig.tv ne tt ad of for us file exemjtive direetoi (Hugh 
Y an tis) has been in chare*' ovn there, not the board 
J want to ne people on the IW Q B who are thoro because ol their pro 
(es annal expertise who wall make derisions founded on this profession a1 knowledge 
R E P AF BRO W N 
Statew ide 
I'm pleased nearly all publie school finn nee packages proposed so far o ffe r some relief to ad valorem tax payors — basically the homeowners 
"A ll til these billy, including the 
P f veto Bill (Rep Wayne Beveto of 
Orange), should be way on top of the priori!v list as tar as Bexar and all counties are concerned 
Another priority concerns utility and energy problems I have Ion • been a proponent of univ iii:' control ut natural as from the Railroad Tom mission to the Public I tilitv ( oui mission, and will continue to support anv such measure 
"M \ personal priority among bills I have introduced so lar will be one calling for accountability involving the classroom teachei and the com triunity 
M y bill ( alls for periodic testing ot public school children iii the basics of reading, writing and arithmetic We must have kids who can road, write and do basic math when they gra duate from high s cho ol 
" I don't think my bill is perfect I stress the need tor the bill to be heard and giving eveyono affected a hot at it I've inst given them a target ll it won't work I want to know why In the final analysis, we want to help the student and teacher alike and rnavbe this is the tart 
R E P 
P O N 
( X R T W R H i ll I 
Banking and insurance are my prime concerns gun • into the. ses­ sion 
" I think you will see legislation introduced calling for competitive insurance rates rather than t h e fixed rates now set by the Stat* Insurance 
Boa rd 
‘ I also plan to support legislation 
• ailing for mandatory Ii (bibb insur anet 
"You ( .in also look lor legislation ut the area of hanking I p e r s o n a l l y plan to carry lulls aimed at preventin' another < arrizo Springs situation anil 

 to control 
T o w t h of bank holding companies 
A l s o , Texas has al wavs been blessed with a food mostly surplus iii its state treasurv — because of the oil and '.as industry We all know t h i s isn’t going to last forevor 
So. my fight will also be to see us establish some sort of mandatory re en c of these funds to insure we'll always have money in the bank 
"Focally, I plan to support the Le land B ill (Rep 
M ickey Leland of 
Houston) w Inch will prov ide state hinds to cover the medical education costs of tho Bexar County Hospital 
District 
W e’re using our district, to train doctors to serve all of Texas I Hunk 
U s only fair all of Texas should share in the cost 
My own priority lull will concern itself with interest rates charged by the .tate <in delinquent sales taxes 
Hight now the stat*’ dirges so metring: like six per rent a year in- te rr,! Oil delinquent taxes Tills makes it cheaper to use the money owed the state than borrow from the 
Via ilk 
" I want the interest rati' increased to lit per cent 
On tig' other hand, if a person pays the tax under protest and wins the prof I >st. the money is given hack but without, interest 
In that ease, I want to see tho state pay interest lo the business at the same rate they want to eollty-t it " 
K E P FRANK MADI A 
S t a t e , wole we need new programs for fin­ ancing public education, belter me­ dical m alpractice legislation, and programs for energy and tax reform 
Instead of patching up the old public education Im.nice program that's not working, vve need to ad dress ourselves to coining up with somethin:* that vvill work 
(iii the Bexar fouiUv level — aith 
• •ugh tins is also state wide — I sup port Hi*- bill to Provo]* state funding tor our Bexar County teaching hospi­ tal 
Mv key bill vv ill be to compensate v let nils of v if dent • runes for ti na ne la I hts i s I p to now all we've comm deled is the crim inal We appoint them attorneys and our courts have oven all sorts ot nil in to protect 
Hie criminal's rights 
Ii s tune vve paid s o m e attention 

 to Hie victim’s rights 
" L S Rep Henry B Gonzalez has a bill in Congress of the same nature 
It w ill provide federal funding to compensate victims of crime II Tex as plans to share in these funds we ll need our ow ti law on the books 
That's mv goal 
R E P .IAMES NOWLIN: Sees the state wide priorites as the public education finance plan, attacking the energy problem and "the m alprac­ tice mess " 
He envisions a real battle over school finance and initially doesn't support Gov. Briscoe's plan entirely 
Nowlin, on the local scene, intends to co author legislation to elim in ate or "m inim ize at least" the take or pay contracts between gas producers and purchasers lf*’ also intends to support coal slurry legislation giving Houston Na tora I Gas and others the power of eminent domain to construct a slurry pipeline to Texas from Montana. 
Wyoming, and Colorado 
Nowlin's personal priority legisla lion will be fighting for the so called 
"Sunset Leg islation" and he will probably he co author such a hill with 
Hep John Wilson of LaGrange 
REP. DON RAINS: 
He claims lie represents such a small part of Bexar 
County he "gets a lot of late linda lions " 
Claiming a "had otic was pulled ' oil him when Texas Monthly Maga 
/in*' described him as "a piece of legislative furniture." Rains says unfortunately "we are measured by the number of lulls we introduce and pass " 
However, lie plans to push hard for passage of his school finance hill 
(H R 
Hi 
The hill calls lur flu per cent state funding of the M inim um School 
I nundation Program He calls it a compromise between the governor’s hill which calls for OO per cent, aud 
Rep Tom Massey's legislation which would pay RHI per cent 

My lull is going to have a great deal of appeal because it mandates local tax relief," lie savs 
RI P XBI RIB VK 
For hi- part. 
Ribak intend1' to work for passage el lulls to gam state aid for th** Bexar 
( 'minty Hospital District teaching program ll is absolutely needed and things 
SICK PAY 

CONTINUED 
FRO M PA G E 3A 

 were unavailable |nr comment Reps 
Joe I Hernandez and Matt Garcia wen out of the city and not expected to return until Munday 
Rep 
L"u 
N'elle Sutton was contacted several times but had not replied bv dead line 
Responses 

Hen are flu r* -pun * of th* other 
12 members 
R E P 
R O N B I R D 
Bird tit t reaction to th* que* Mon yeas a chin k 
I* and til*- cornu)*'tit 
S iv, I have to 
■o to the |<illll < an I t all you bark next month ’ ' 
I Ii* ii. **n th* serious side. Ii*- eon tinned "I am hoping the city and th* policemen and firemen can work out something between them and not even make it a legislative issue " 
Bird feels the matter is "still an emotional issue ll they can get past this and down to th* facts, perhaps th*- city and th*' police and firemen will be able lo find their own answer. 
It not, obviously we ll hav»• to tak* a look at it in th** legislator! 
R E P 
XI B R O U N 
It a untortun ate the |*oli< * and firemens’ lull h i reached the level it has with an open controversy between a lion * member ami a Senator 
I have not I tad coni Kb tv * to th. figures forthcoming troni the * itx on the subject and think th* v ar* dt tarted and don t tell Hi* true pi* fm* 
"At the time I vote*] tor th* lull w* had evidence it would save taxpay et monev and I hav* M en nothing to Hi* contrary vet 
Brown has co sponsored a lull with 
State Rep Carlyle SmiHi requiring complete financial evidence a* com panytng anv h ill affect in ’ local spending or taxes 
RI P DON < VR IU RH ,III 
I vv » concerned when th* lull < arn* up in th*’ last session of th* u itslattir* 

‘ I talked to * its officials and th* city’s lobbyist and vias convinced bv them th*' hill was a good on** and would improve ellinen* y and av* money in the long run 
So, bk*' everyone else, I voted tor it 
" I Hunk Frank Lnmberdino is a tine 
Senator and I have a l*a of respect for hts knowledge and thoughts I don’t see how he can he that tar in error 
"So, I guess it boils down to the fact the city is going to have to convince me ’’ 

R EIL FRANK M ADL* 
I wish people would respond w hen legisla 

 tots ask for information 
I ll*1 last time we asked the cliv lobbyist tor information and he tole us it was a good bill Ender the sam* cir* umstanecs i d vol* for the bit again 
* I guess the Ribak hill vv ill go into a 
< ommiftee and the city will he asker to come and give us proof the new vst* rn is as expensive as they sax 
I be eit\ s going to have to put up <>t shut nj* ** 
R IP 
FRXNK 
M I E D X 
Both 
• ides ar* claiming different tilings 
One sid* s.iys it will save San Xntoin* money The oilier sa's it will hank rapt th*' city 
"W e ll, I want to see, hear, atm study th*' whole matter and 1 11 vol* tor the sn)*- that will help the tax pavers " 
K EP BOB Y A L E 
I've been Col lowing developments and there is n* doubt in ni\ mind tf the figures pre 
‘•outed bv the city are aecuratr there s no wav the citizens and tax pavers can afford th* program no matter how meritorious 
Some people contend the law is un* m etitutinnal It it is. there s no 
I* ’Native adion needed to repeal ti 
I have sheeted a committee 
* Imh luau iii the next session to re- 
«iu* t hi Attorney General's opinion to dot* nnuie precisely what the con- titutioual aspects are 
I iii waiting tor the opinion in order t** draft legislation patterned a|t* r the opinion 
It R is constitutional then we ll need to put a lid on Hie amount of benefits There's no question Hits ts a very serious problem and veryO’x- pelts!v e to San Antonio. 
RI P DON R XINs 
Insulted and mdilterent on the issue, Rains savs, 
I don't » are one way or the other 
It s a little bit asinine for all th** p o litic a l entities ii i San Antonio to be fighting and squabbling among each other instead of getting together on 
Hi* ISM!* 
XII I d Ilk** is some positive lea­ dership .in*] dirt* Hon from the city 
It th*’ city teds like it can afford it, tine ll not, they ought to tell me," 
RE P J AMES NOU LIN 
" I fee! 
Ilk* it s unreasonable the way it’s set up now," says Now im w ho previously has worked with Sen Lombardtno, 
Rn City Council and uniformed of­ ficers 
"One solution is to give the City 
Council whatever option it chooses to fix the sick pay law However, as lar 
POLL 

CONTINUED 
FROM PAGE 3A 

 farter and President Ford iii Bexar 
County 
Today's poll on Hie sick leave issu* was conducted tit the same manner as the poll prior to the presidential election 
The Nov 
J Bexar election returns showed Carter defeated Ford by 9 per t ent in the county, a variance ol only 
I 7 lier cent from the results of the 
Express-News poll. This variance was well within the 3 per cent margin considered statistically significant in 

 public opinion polling 
In contrast the San Antonio Light’s 
In d poi), using less sophisticated polling techniques an*] equipment, showed Ford leading Carter iii Bexar 
( aunty bs ft 3 per cent 
It not only picked the wrong winner but missed th* overall results by a margin of moi * than 18 per cent 
The Express News poll also picked the winner in the I ' s Senate race in 
Bexar County and in each of the two local races polled. 

 as we know Houston hasn't had any problems with the sick pay law 
"Another solution would be to either limit benefits under the program or repeal the law altogether 
Incidentally. Nowlin reports most of Hi*' letters received bv his office on 
Hi*' sick pay issue hav e opposed con 
Ululation of the program iii Us pre­ sent form 
Fuming I" the oilier si*!*- <•! the arena, here are the responses **t two 
Bexar Countv Senators 
SFN JOHN IR AEGER 
I'm still out on that one (sink pay hill) I don t know right now what l’d do vv itll ii 
SI N GLENN KOTHM X\\ 
It s my understanding they ar*' trying to work out th*' problem in talk between Hi*' city, the firemen and policemen, and some members of Hi*’ 
Bexar County delegation 
" I hope they can work out the problem to the satisfaction of all concerned in Bexar County " 
Which brings us finally to th* two members of th*' delegation who have been placed ut th*.* forefront of th* issue as it emerges on Capitol Hill — 
Rep Ribak and Sen Lortibardino 
Here's what Hun have to s.iv on the matter. 
SI N FRANK LOMBARDINO 
I hav*' beni meeting with eitv officials and various groups to see if we can wnrk something out 
* We have never gotten any figures 
Th*' figures we got originally left no question the sn k pay bill would bring about a big savings to the taxpayer 
"W e have been working on so m ething for several weeks and I 
Hunk bv the time the session opens w e'll have something concrete to work on 
"W e will have the information and 
Hi*- data we need I can already see some inequities til the law 
" I f it (the law) is wrong then I. 
Frank Lomhardtno; will correct it when. ami if. it is brought to us ’ 
KEI* ABI RIB XK 
Mv prtorttv number in this session will be to r*- cmd unlimited sick pav to firemen and policemen 
"P u b lic pressure will get tli*‘,*> guys (Bexar County delegation) to come around and support my hill, sim ply because w e’ve got 85o.(MMI taxpayers iii San Antonio who don t like the bill hi its present form 
"There’s an overwhelming public sentiment against this sick pay law ", 
Ribak stresses he has nothing per­ sonal against Sen Lomhardmo 
" I t ’s inst when I see public senti­ ment go overwhelmingly against th* 
Lom bardtno bill that I ve got to represent the public's wishes " 
R ib ak 's proposed legislation doesn't call for th*’ repeal «*t the 
Lombardtno bill Rather, it proposes a change which would remove San 
Antonio from its inclusion limier i* 
In the final analysis, it become!, apparent some move is under way to settle the dispute on the local level 
Or, at least, find a solution on the local level acceptable to the Legisla lure when it convenes 
It s also apparent the majority ol the Bexar County legislative delega­ tion would pretor it that way. 

 arc in a prime position to do snmeth mg about it " 
Ribak also intends to propose a constitutional amendment and legislation for authority to riRes to sell industrial revenue bonds 
Now prohibited, Ribak feels such authority is needed as "a stimulus to attract industry to South Texas 
" lf the amendment is approved, any govenment unit such as a county or city could set up a commission to sell the bonds to buy land and help a new industry establish itself ” 
He w ill also push legislation to 
"allow the state to conduct competi­ tive bidding for attractive interest rates on state money deposited in banks just as cities and counties are allowed to do " 
Ribak also plans to renew Ins fight ti * see regulation of the natural gas removed from the Railroad Commis­ sion and placed under the Public 
I tilitv Commission 
R E P FR XNK TEJED A : "The two i-.Sims I consider priorities to the stat*1 are education and energy. That is the high utility rates and rising eost of fuel And something must be done to equalize educational oppor­ tunities for all school children 
"Rep Bob Vale’s bill makes state funds available to school districts tor capital improvements Til support that one 
IVteda also bas several bills of his own lie plans to introduce 
Ile says they will ileal with veter­ an’s benefits, peace officers, and as­ sistance to senior citizens 
RI P. BOB VALE: "I'm interested iii Hic state helping xx 11 Ii expenses of 
Hie teaching hospitals such as Bexar 
County Hospital ITI be working in that area 
Tin also interested in seeing the regulation of natural gas transferred from the Railroad Commission to the, 
Public Utility Commission lh*' bill "I'm going to work har­ dest for is my own on the glue sniff* in ’ problem It'., a problem iii all cities and a maior one in San Anton 

IO " 
(Vale bas introduced a bill calling tor an additive ti * be placed in certain products t*t discourage the intention­ al sniffing "I toxic fumes ) 
Another area is the m atter of those five new district marts for 
Bexar County proposed in both House and Senate bills 
I ll be looking at them first on Hie basis of need and instiliejjtion and whether or not th*' taxpayers of Bexar 
* minty can afford them 
My understanding from Hie coun­ ty auditor is the five additional courts, with salaries, will cost nearly 
$7oo,ooo more a year " 
At the present time Vale doesn’t 
Hunk h*' can simper! the governor's school financing plan because "it winds up rewarding the richer school districts and punishing the poorer ones 
A ale s analysis of th*' Brisco*' plan i it aves more dollars to the 
Northeast bool District than to say. 
Edgewood 

Another big area of disagreement which makes it unacceptable is where it imposes on school boards the additional burden of paying all the increases in educators’ salaries which is totally wrong " 

State senators 

Bexar County’s three state senators all replied to Hie Express News in­ quiry 
Here are their views 
SEN FR A N K LO M BA RD IN O 
" A ll phases of education is the number one legislative priority in the state. 
"Next we must address ourselves to utilities and their high cost 
I have already introduced legislation to re­ move the state sales tax from the consumers’ utility bills 
" I ani also planning to support Sen diet Brooks’ bill railing for state support to the teaching hospitals in eluding our own Bexar County Ho spital 
"M y personal top priority will br to put th*' question of legalizing bingo games and raffles for non-profit charitable organizations before the voters of Texas 
" I have introduced legislation calling for a referendum to amend the Constitution to allow this 
"Next, I shall work for the passage of my bill to create five new stat** 
.judicial d istrict courts in Bexar 
County." 
SEN JOHN TR A EG ER: "School ft nance probably is the number one issue for me along vc it Ii new financing plans for the state highway program 
" I ’m in favor of the governor’s highway finance program with the possible exception of Hie part apply­ ing I** the Department of Public Sa­ fety I ’m a little bit reticent of taking anything away from th*' DPS 
T m not totally for any particular school finance bill now proposed and it will probably all end up in a com­ promise I don’t think any of those school bills will be accepted totally by Hie legislature." 
" I have no single big bill for my district ITI probably be carrying a lot of bills like I did in the last session when I carried 4o or 3o 
" I think Sunset Legislation (c r i­ teria for agencies to justify their ex­ istence each year ) is a great thing and hy-and-large I ’m also for the go­ vernor’s anticrime package " 
SEN 
G LEN N 
KO I IIM ANN 
"School financing is Hi*’ most talked about legislation and will take about 
Hi*' longest to decide 
"En erg y is another key issue in general 
I also support legislation for state aid to our teaching hospitals. I favor if absolutely. 
"M o stly. I ve always been in a 
‘watch dog’ posture We have so many bills introduced each session if they all passed we d put the state in a chaotic situation. I ’m more of a bill killer than a bill promoter 
"W e have several thousand laws on the books right now jill trvui" to en force Hi*' Ten Commandments ” 
EXECUTION 

 hav e been raped after sh*' was dead 
During the trial, the little girl's father, J C Horton, described his part in the search tor her, and said he identified a pair of panties as hts daughter s They were ‘torn all to hell.’ In* said 
“ Lackland Drill Instructor Jim m y 
N Shaver was found near th*' scene and reportedly confessed after hours* i»t questioning 
IT- was later trie*] and eonviet- ed bern*! ends show mg Shav er leyv 111:' courtroom, head bowed and til chains as Ii** is returned to the Bexar County 
Jail 

Execution chamber 

At this point, the scene would fade to the announcer 
"and now we take you directly to the Huntsville execution chamber for the second half of our execution special this week " 
In your own living room and in full color, vou would be just inches from 
Hi*' grim, electric chair 
A door at the bark of th*- room opens 
Shaver, a slight pale future, enters the tiny execution chamber at mid maillot ins 33rd birthday. 
Prison personnel man every tele phone in the office of Warden E m ­ mett Moor*- in th*' event another stay of execution would be ordered 
With a transfixed sm ile, Shaver watches guards attach electrodes to tits leg and head. Other heavy leather belts are secured across his chest 
Then comes a leather strap that par­ tially covers his face aud holds him firmly to the back of the stark, woo­ den chair 
Seconds later the eerie whine of th** chair s generator is the only sound in the brick w alled, rubber-floored room 
Shaver’s hands d utch the chair tightly as hts body surges against the leather bindings 
A sizzling sound is heard as a wisp of smoke rises lazily from the elec­ trode attached to Shaver’s leg 
A faint odor of burning flesh wafts through the small room 
Suddenly there is no movement and no sound 
At 12 o3 a rn , I , HOO volts had 

 surged through Shaver’s body and at 

 inter-,* earning nn utility service gepneitr, 
R E P FRANK MARLA h » 
»» 
- Creating tnt- Mist State Ja d in g * 
DiMrirt r(vtrt in (Jeirar C n.inty 
MB 
M I 
~ <ro • pnn-orpd hv Pep * rank 
Tniedal — netting Opa/ level-, af m in im u m rir> leave far p ertain p ersonae I pm plavnd tw D "Sj'C 
-,rhnol districts. 
H 8 
?71 
— Painting to a lIgip ilit y pf p ublic 
-.rhnni -.tudants tar trg a ^ p n rtg tio a co s t g lin t mant- ..adar the ! gundgttOO Vnonl Progrga-. 
M B 
27? 
— Painting ta rngm ring co m p e titiv e fitddutg tor c e rta in per-,anal p r a p a r tta-, ta be s a id ta p u b lic schnnl stm-Jant-. 
M B 
2/4 
— p a in tin g ta a " o lit ic O*in n s nt ar! rn 1 nisi rat iv e officers I .ad ar the S rh o o l Conn dot loo P ro g ra m 
U B 
Its 
- 
Pain tin g to n o n ra tio n a l r e a " " * ernpnt-, of visiting tagrbar-, 
H B 
27* 
— Pa in tin g to n-.totilishniant gt a 
-.tate prog ram a provide compan-.otion to m rta m victim s of crim a 
R F F DON RAINS 
M B 2o4 
— Painting to financing pubi'C rgnnl ad',ration, bovine! tho tote fund 9 S S per rent ct the f oundation 'rrhaoi Program 
R F F VBF RIBAK 
M B 
*1 
— 
To eventp f B n vo r C m in ty tra m p rasan t law rag m rln g lum p sum p a v m n n t. to certain firom n and pol,r eaten on te rm in a tio n at s arv if a 
H B 97 
- Pain tin g tr> right at d efen se rn ,.a ril ta inspect a DraboH.m rep ort 
M B *17 — Setting new penalties tar r ru a lty ta an im als 
H B 
*18 
— 
P a in tin g to d e te rm in a tio n of liab ility and d am ages for m a lp ra ctice of ce rta in licensed professional . 
H B 
191 
— Painting fn a ta b lr.h m e n t in the state tre a s u ry for gn uninsured m o to rist fund to be com posed Of tee-, reguirerj pf u n isitre d mo torists upon veh icle registration 
M B *9? 
— Painting to g arn ish m e n t of w ag es tor c e rta in c o u rt o rd e re d rh ilrj s u p p o rt an d co urt n e 'e r te m p o rary support 

R F F BOB VALE 
M p 
?9 
- 
Pp q o in n rj rrM cnn p r o d D 'H O s»”) 
♦dining odditive'* to d isro tiro q p tho in ten tio n al 
'.nittincj of tov ic tunics and vaootN 
H R 
— 
P ilo tin g to spttipm pnt an d iud 
Of'rn*: tit a w a r d s rr>r o v p r »>rj f o r ta m rn un 
K ‘P a lly ow n ed a a s of H o r trie u tilitie s 
This watHd require* V in A ntonio ta sh arif ato**ooh from any co urt soft lorn oat w ith C ansful Lo V a co w ith the utility rttstom pr 
M B 
— Peirjtioci to d eterm in atio n of ave** age restdcrofirj! to,or \ m inim um a n n u a l e n erg y naods and setting rates to be ch a rg e d tor these needs 
M H S / 
— P ilo tin g to ratios god fuel adight m eat ch arg es ch a rg ed bv ce rtain pubhc utilities 

H B 
SR 
— Pro vid in g s e rvice s tor the diogno 
Ms and co rrection of speech and h e a rin g defects in *,tn ro ts ha non pupil*, schools a t sta te e* pense 
M B 6R 
— P ro vid in g tuition a ssista n ce g ran ts to fam ilies with financial needs 
M B 
/o 
— b elating to m inim um ag e r e vtrtc bons on p articip a n ts in professional b o rin g and w restling m atches 
M B fit 
— R elatin g to settlem ent an d re lease ct liab ility bv victim s of accid en ts 
H B 
I S9 
— P ilo tin g to tho estg p h sh m en t and 
Operation of an assigned risk pion or ooai 
M B 
1S6 
— 
R elatin g to on ag o n al from an o rd e r of the A lcoholic 
B e v e r a g e C o m m is s io n refusing, can cellin g or suspending a p riv a te e«ub registration perm it 
H B 
161 
—- Pro vid in g state funding for ca p ita l o u tla y bv o u b lic sch o o l d is tr ic t s u n d e r tn*-= 
I oundgtton School P ro g ra m 
M B 
19/ 
— Relating to exem ption af ce rta in p rivate se cu rity agents fro m the reg* 11 re m ant ta c a r r y liab ility insurance 
M B 
14o 
— P ilo tin g to right', to p s ych o lo g ic a l s e rvice s and re im b u rse m e n t for p s y ch o lo g ic a l s e rv ic e s und er c e rta in g ro u p in s u r a n c e and group hospital plans 
M B 
361 
— R e latin g to the a u th o rity of en* insurer to designate g p a rtic u la r p ra c titio n e r of the healing a rts in a p o licy af a c c id e n t and sickness insurance 
R E P JIM NOWLIN 
M B 
1/1 
R elating to the tov ex em p tio n foe household and kitchen fu rn itu re 
In Hie Senate, the follow mg bills and resolutions have been pre-filer] bv members of 
Hie 
Bexar 
County delegation 
SEN FR ANK LOMBARDINO 
S B ? 
— To t-nfmpt con-.iimpt.on of gos ar"1 f.lfi-frirify in fh r ..toff from th,. Stofo Solo '., U , dor) E r r tsp Tor 
S 
B 
M 
— P flo fin n to fbo rrp o f'o u Of the 211 f 
Jifrjt* 
Ii lr* ic in' O'-jtrtrf fn u r t in 8 p u jr C o unty 
X B 15 
- Pntottnq to tn r crro fio n of th ? 2?Sln 
??f>th. 227th O na 22Kth V n 'r JuO u-tol D '.tfii- * 
C burls 
S B I # - Aiithoruftno hon orab ly I »■'i " J p i- irr 
O f * l r , to C o rry bona-iun . 
S B 
71 
— S. Ming ro m p I a r y p ris e r. 
,s r t*UK**s for pr*'-sft"s umi.o or o r'i'b itio o fIr CCJrr,I. 
H "ru 'q *h,' comer"- stein of o *p'ony 
S B / ? 
- Kfo'otirKj tr> if.n iu T i'im : be-ort '"Tuts nrrjr eortom sr boo' . 
S B 
73 
— *?"iobncj to b u com rn i . ton cl OOO p 'o e p m cn t of n ■*ot",’ o* * ro v a n to n io S an 
Bw n aven fu ra Olivorp-, in Son Antonio 

SEN JOHN TRAEGER 
S B I * 
— P . .ating to fining p r o m a 'ir e s for the \o'c of rent property unqnr et to* l'«n 
5* B 
*5 
— P ro v io in a re tire m e n t a n n u ity 'n s tiro n rp aor* g ro u p it*-, o re id e n t o o h h e a " n in su ran ce for em ploye-, of public c o m m u n ity ujoior ond senior college-, and on'versitie-, 

The following Senate Joint Resolu­ tion bas aKo been pro filed 

SEN F R ANK LOMBARDINO 
S JI? I 
» rco p h sm g an a rn cm rimmed ta the* 
T f* * ct s c aa s t st ut»un author tho e s ta t> u ? h rn #o t pf c u r t a I a p I ft a a a g rn r s a n d cattie* % f a r t a ts brrtutd pf fMJtvpn'.'ht c h a r Hah IF orgqm fohdm - 

CONTINUED 
FROM PAGF I A 

12 o3 a in. the prison doctor pron­ ounced hun flea*] 
Death came after Warden Moore knocked three tim es on the door leading from death row to the execu­ tion chamber 
Inmates call ii the "little green door thai leads lo Old Sparky ’’ 
A few of the 13 people present in th*' 

 small room are white and shaken 
One kneels sickly on I he grass out­ side the building after leaving the room Another doubles over to throw up 

The TV camera then moves to a room in a dreary, old hotel room iii 
Huntsville where Shaver s mother waited 
She is nervous 

Twisting her wedding band in de spair, sh*' says 
I believe in nu heart he is innocent " 
IA camera shows Shav er s body, in casket, being put into a w altin ' hearse 

( am el a focuses on scene of 
Shaver’s crime and moves in fur clo­ seup of little girl's doll discarded in the weeds 

I a p i l a l l * n n i K h a i M * i i i 

H a l l o ! 

I . Capital punishment should bo 

A BO LISH ED 
RESTO RED □ 

2 
Executions should be televised and photographs should also be run in newspapers: 

YES: 

3 
C O M M EN T S; □ 
N O □ 

I 
Please complete ibis ballot and mo*! to EXECUTIONS. C^O San Antonia 

I 
Express New*, P O Bo* 21/!, San Antonio, TX /829/, before midnight 

I 
Feb. I, 1977 

FIRST COME... 
FIRST SERVED! 

JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... AND YOU’LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

Sunday January 9 19 7 7 

SAVE 
1o% to 5o% 

W e're jam -packed with h u ndreds ol discontinued items ... an d new stock is rolling in every day! W e need ro o m lots of it! T here’s only one a n s w e r ... clear the aisles an d racks of all the odds & ends, floor sam ples, an d countless “as is" items ... regardless of original cost! W e don't have a choice, hut YOU have. Save at Levit/ 
- T O D A Y ! 

Discover The Most Versatile Seating Save s IO 
Idea In Years: Carter Modular Units! o t t o m a n 

Be > our own designer with seating units you can put together 
\ ans way you please! They're ternfic-looking in cot- 
'i ton/polyester Lurevelvct with shirred seats and backs. rn 
Quality details include a never-sag spring construction, rn 
M durable all hardwood frame, and extra-thick cushioning! 
" 

CO RN ER UNIT 
A R M L E S S UNIT 

A RM O IRE 
Saves3o 
;1>I I v 
2o"x4K" 
X w 
/ y 
Delight Your Student With A 
Smart, Well-Organized Desk! 

C ontemporary desk has double pedestal de­ sign. 6 drawers, file drawer. W alnut tone on se­ lected hardwoods, wood products, plastic top. 

Save s3o ALL5PCS 
Enjoy Classic Bentwood Design 
In This 5-Pc. Douglas Dinette! 

Own this 36“x36"-48'’ table with blonde Butch­ er Block plastic top & 4 Bentwood style chairs with cushioned vinyl covered seats 

Timeless Styling ... Built To Endure 
From The Indoor World Of Armstrong®! 

Here’s an exceptional combination of quality and value! 
Mediterranean bedroom features Pecan graining on select hardwoods, engraved wood products Sc carved effects of simulated wood Quality details, superior drawer design, valet compartments, durable wood dowel construction. 

• 72" DOOR D RESSER 
• 2 TWIN M IRR O RS 
^ 
• NIGHT STAND 
• FULL/QUEEN SIZE H EA D B O A R D 

SLEEPS 2 
/ 
Double Your Living Area Tonight 
W ith A Wilshire Vedra® Sleeper! 

You can’t beat this versatile sofa sleeper for dollar value! It does the work of two! By day it’s a stylish contem porary sofa in durable V edra* olefin tweed with button accented back and reversible polyurethane foam cushions. Convert it in seconds to a full size bed for 2! 

JLV -/ y 
ALL 9 PCS 
Make Any Room Do Double With 
This 9-Pc. Wilshire Comer Group! 

Scat 6, sleep 2 and save big on this colorful group! It includes 
2 thick urethane foam mattresses, 2 foundations on ball cas­ ters, 2 bolsters, 2 Scotchgarded coverlets in quilted cot­ ton/rayon print with vinyl base... plus a beautiful campaign style corner table. Use it round-the-clock! 

Refresh Your Room With A Carter 
Swivel Chair In “Wet 1,ook” Vinyl! 
Wonderful the way these snappy little chairs brighten up a room! Smart tub styling features channeled back . . . thick reversible seat cushion . . . smooth swivel mechanism. It’s new as tomorrow in a gleaming “wet look" vinyl - easy to care for, loo! You’ll want several'____________ _ _ _ _ _ 

KEEP-YOUR COOL 

 lf you have a problem your local More manager doesnt solve, 

CAU Miami, Eta Headquarters 
Tot! Free I MO-327-7*4$ 

•csmuMif w» uvm MOWN o s m u t h 

Local Store M g r. 
Donald J. Strom bree 
Talaphona §61-5331 
Custom er Satiafaction 
Open Daily IO A.M .-5;3o P M 

* 543o CREA! FARK 

I oop (4 IO) Sc Interstate 33 
At killiman Rd. E sit 

Price* Effective Thru Wed.. IO P M 
While Preterit Supply Leat*. 

Ail m m hand im u p o t*I for pickup at our dock h i Ow ongMuJ loo oo toauuM f Or, d you wick. well deliver for sa additional chart* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 

Marines: 

T V * omcers aware o f Klan 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 

C A M P 
P E N D L E ­ 
TON, Calif. — A mili­ tary court has heard testimony that troop c o m m a n d e r s at this large M arine Corps base allowed enlisted men belonging to the 
Ku Klux Klan to flout their Klan insign ia, wear “ nigger sticker” knives and incite brawls w ith black marines. 

A half-dozen witnesses at pretrial hearings last week for 
13 b la ck re c ru its accused of a blood Iv racial assault on Nov. 13 said that white m a rin e K lan sm en openly distributed racist li­ terature on the base, pasted 
KKK stickers on barracks doors and hid illicit w ea­ pons in their quarters. 
Several of those called to testify, both b la ck s and whites, said their company and battalion officers had known for several months of the Klan activity, despite a Marine Corps statem ent after the Nov. 13 fray that 
“ we are not aware of any active Klan organization at 
C amp Pendleton.’’ 

\ aliet' Id keep 
Olina policy 

WASHINGTON - Secre­ ta ry of S ta te -d e s ig n a te 
C yrus K. Vance on Satur­ day endorsed the Nixon- 
Ford policy of normalizing relatio n s w ith m ain lan d 
China, and said he would probably travel to Peking. 
Vance m ad e the s ta te ­ ment just before a luncheon with S e c re ta ry of S tate 
Henry A. K issinger and 
Huang Chon, head of the 
Chinese liaison mission in 
Washington. 

House to start scandal hearings 

WASHINGTON - The special House commission c re a te d in th e w ake of 
House scandals holds hear­ ings the week on options for c ra c k in g down on c o n ­ gressm en’s finances. 
They may he the final h earin g s before the so­ called Obey Commission on 
A d m in is tra tiv e 
Review holds a scheduled meeting 
Feb. 8 to approve its final reco m m en d atio n s to the 
House. 
The hearings this week will deal with options on requiring public disclosure til congressman’s finances and prohibiting or putting limitations on their outside incom e, gifts, office a c ­ counts — and travel if they are lame ducks. 

Firemen charged iii setting lire 

SHAMOKIN. Pa. - Two volunteer firemen were a r­ rested 
S a tu rd a y and charged with setting a Sha­ mokin motel fire that killed nine people. One of them had been injured fighting the fire. 
David Hist man. 21. and 
Anthony Prim erano. 19, both of Sham okin, w ere each c h a rg e d w ith one count of arson, nine counts homicide, one count of crim inal conspiracy and one count of creating a ca­ tastrophe. 
Police said Dietitian and 
Primerano had been drink­ ing in the bar of the Walnut I 
Towers Motor Inn before the fire broke out there last 
Sunday. They said sta te ­ m ents w ere taken from both men but would provide no further details. 

I .S. nuclear lack alleged 

WASHINGTON - The 
United States and its Euro­ pean allies are 2o years behind the times with con­ tingency plans calling for the use of battlefield nu­ clear weapons to turn hack a massive conventional at­ ta c k , a c c o rd in g to a 
Congressional Budget Of­ fice study 
In a report to the Senate and House, the budget of­ fice said a first use of nu­ clear weapons by NATO has become extremely un­ likely because it now would invite nuclear retaliation by the 
Soviet 
Union against targets iii the Unit­ ed States as well as Europe. 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

Network star studied TV newsman 

ACTOR Peter Finch re­ vealed this week he studied top TV news­ man John Chancellor to prepare himself for the role of the neurotic newscaster in the mov­ ie smash Network. 
Finch, a big fan of 
Chancellor’s, told THE 
STAR: 
“There’s tre­ mendous pressure cm these news guys. Their deadlines are measured in seconds and minutes. 
“They work all day, making crucial deci­ sions. They could crack up like the character in the movie.” 
The movie is a contro­ versial satire on the 

Peter Finch: A fan. 
U.S. television indus­ try, and Finch shrugs off criticism from per­ sonalities like Barbara 
Walters. 
“ I think it just makes people realize how seri­ ous they take them­ selves, and how petty- minded they’re being,” he said. 
“ I can’t complain though. They’re giving the nim millions of dol­ lars in free publicity, even by knocking it.” 

MIRACLE PU CAN CURE 
ULCERS IN FOUR WEEKS 

Wonder her own 
Woman finds 
Mr. Wonderful 

 linda Carter, star of TV's Wonder Woman, says she has found her own Mr. Wonderful. He’s Hollywood agent Ron Samuels. 
The couple are pictured at a recent L.A. celebrity gathering. 

By STEVE DUNLEAVY 
AMERICA'S 15 million ulcer sufferers will soon be able to cure their misery by taking a pill. 
The miracle drug, Tagamet, is being tested by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FOA) af­ ter already proving successful in other parts of the world 
It promises the first non-surgical, non-diet relief for the one in every eight Americans over 3o whose stomachs are burning infernos of ulcer pain. 
And Tagamet could also save the lives of the 
1o,ooo persons whose lives are claimed every year by complications of their ulcers. 
Tagamet also prevents the fatal stomach ero­ sion that often kills victims of traumas, bums and accidents. 
Tagamet has already been approved as a safe cure for ulcers in England, where it was first placed on the market last year. 
The FDA is now carrying out extensive tests and Tagamet's backers are hoping it can be available in the U S. by late spring 
The drug was perfected by 
Smith Kline and French after 12 years of research to find an agent that blocks histamine — the sub­ stance that stimulates secretion of acid in the stomach 
This is the acid which produces the agony ulcer victims know all too well. 
Glowing reports from research­ ers say that the drug is such a welcome breakthrough because by blocking acids, it allows the stomach to heal naturally. 
No other drug has come near the effectiveness reported by the discoverers of Tagamet. 
Scientists for Smith Kline and 
French have been working in 
England for 12 years to perfect it. 
Dr. Jerry Gardner, chief of the 
U.S. National Institute of Health, told THE STAR he has reviewed the results of the tests in England 
“ Without giving it unqualified support,’’ he said, “ all I can say is that the results have been abso­ lutely outstanding from many viewpoints. 
“ Research in the past has been hindered by the fact that nobody really can say for sure what caus­ es ulcers. We do know that it is histamine that secretes the acid in ulcer sufferers 
Some agents — though they have blocked the histamine to a small degree — have produced unwanted side effects like head aches, sluggishness and so on 
“ If ail reports are proved, how­ ever, Tagamet simply abolishes 
Hie appearance of acid.” 
Tagamet — known scientifical ly as Cimetidine — was initially tested in England (Mi 186 people who suffered from duodena) ul­ cers. 
Of these. 83 percent reported complete healing within four 

NEWEST PERIL TO THREATEN SURFERS 

SURFERS who brave sharks and bone-breaking waves are facing a new danger — the ding string syndrome 
The ding string is the cord that surfers are now using to lash themselves to their surfboards to prevent the boards from being swept away in heavy surf 

But two doctors. Clarence E. 
Mc Dana I and Joel K. Sims of 
Honolulu, warn in the New En- r d Journal of Medicine that ding string can cause severe injuries. 
They cited the case of a 15-year- old youth who lost a toe when his ding string became entangled 

 with his fool Two other older sur­ fers suffered severe cuts and bruising in ding string accidents. 

The doctors also warned that other surfers can be injured when a failing surfboard and a helpless surfer tied to it comes hurtling to­ wards them. 

FOA is testing it now for the 
U.S. market weeks. For suffers of ordinary stomach ulcers, 58 patients under­ went tests. The result was a heal­ ing of 75 percent. 
Altogether, 1,5oo patients under­ went tests in 26 countries 
The tests were carried out by giving patients Tagamet as well as traditional ulcer cures. 
Tagamet showed a success rate from 75 to 85 percent — in some cases more than double the rate of other cures. And the other cures produced unwanted side ef­ fects. 
Dr. Marion Finkel, associate di­ rector of drug evaluation of the 
FDA’s Bureau of Drugs, said the administration was giving Taga­ met the “ red carpet treatment." 
This means the review studies all sweeping aside the red tape normally associated with the gov­ ernment giving its stamp of ap­ proval to a new drug. 
It is believed the FDA will test the new drug more exhaustively than it was tested overseas 
Dr. Finkel said: “ AU tests from overseas point up encouraging re­ sults. 
“ However, I must stress that fi­ 

 nal approval is not yet ready from this office. But the results are encouraging ” 
One of the country’s leading ex 
K ris on gastric problems, Basil I. rshowitz, professor of medicine at the University of Alabama, is one of ll doctors in the country conducting tests. 
“ Figures for this country should be fully collated by next 
May," he said. 
“ It’s an exciting drug and so far it looks very good indeed ” 
A spokesman for Smith Kline and French in Philadelphia, Alan 
Watcher, told THE STAR “This drug has saved lives We are ex­ tremely confident about it. 
“ The point is that it just doesn't only give relief of pain, it has the added advantage, by blocking the acid, of letting the body itself cure the ulcers. 
“ Now we are working on the long-term results. 
“ We are testing it as a preven­ tative for the re-occurrence of ulcers. 
“ So many sufferers rid them­ selves of ulcers only to find to their dismay that they re-occur. 
Preliminary tests are showing that Tagamet can prevent this. 
“ And our tests have shown that there are no side effects. 
“ This just may be one (rf the major breakthmighs for some years in medicine. ” 
FOUND: CURE FOR SNIFFLES 
A DOCTOR is out to conquer run­ ny noses with a new nosespray. 
Dr. Anima Sinha, pediatric al­ lergist at the University of Flori­ da 
Department of 
Pediatrics, wants to test the spray in 6o chil­ dren with persistent sniffles. 
“The study was conducted with adults last year and it proved very successful,” she said 
“ One nurse from the university who had used antihistamine for a lifetime was able to drop them in favor of the nosespray used in the test,” 

The drug used in the adult study is called Flunisoiide. The steroid- based spray has proven success­ ful in Britain where it is manufao- t ured. 
“ Steroids have shown side ef­ fects when taken internally," said 
Dr. Sinha 

“ But used locally as with a spray, they involve no medical risk. 
"I’m very enthusiastic about this project, as my own child sui fen from chrome sniffles " 
PUZZLE SOLUTION 

14-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 9 1977 

,4, pg 

To have your problem sol ret! or a tpies- lion answered* arite .ielion-Express* VAI. 
Hox 2171* San Antonio* I X 7112*17. 

Railing work 

I was driving through HoniisFair recently and noticed there was a Ions line of police barricades limns Bowie 
Street. 
I went back through there a couple of weeks later and noticed the same thins. Only this time some of the barricades had been run over, smashed, moved and generally thrown around. 
I called HemisFair Plaza and they said they didn’t know anything about them. I think they are to keep people from crossing onto Bowie Street from that entrance ramp to 
11127 southbound and vice-versa. 
The question I have is why the city can’t make 
HemisFair Plaza look more permanent? All this shoddy run-down carnival-looking atmosphere of hore-today—gomvtomorrow only keeps the place from being more attractive. 
Can't they finish doing anvilling over there? 
MKS. K. M 

Yes, and !he> are going to finish the work you mention soon. 
We talked to City Public 
Works about the matter. At first they didn’t know what we were talking about, but we finally reached the right person. 

After a lengthy discus­ sion and some investigation we finally learned the pro­ ject had been scheduled for completion some time ago. 

The city plans to erect a wooden and metal barrier similar to those along cer­ tain sections of interstate highway. 
The only holdup is the materials for doing the work hate not yet arrived. 
As soon as the steel railings and other materials arrive, the temporary barricades will be removed and the permanent divider will be put up. It shouldn't be too much longer now. 

Free YI) help 

Would you please print in Action-Express information about where free medical aid can lie received by those who have a venereal disease? 
I have seen several people in public lately who have large open sores and scabs on their faces and apparently on their entire bodies. 
At least I saw it on their faces and arms. Thank you. 
I). E. lf Y I) were not such a serious problem we could dismiss some of your de­ scription as an exaggera­ tion. 
However, health officials tell us the spread of vener­ eal disease in San Antonio 
— as elsewhere in the country — is an alarming problem. The incidence of 
VI) is al record levels And 
VI) is a serious disease, not lo be ignored. 

There are two places in 
San Antonio where those who have contracted vene­ real diseases of any kind can go for free, C O N FI­ 
DENTIAL treatment. 
The San Antonio Metro­ politan Health District offers free VI) help at its 

 downtown clinic at lid W. 
Nueva Street. 
Those with YI) should re­ port to Hoorn 12 in the clin­ ic. The metro health center is open Monday through 
Friday .X a.rn. to I p.m. 
Also. V I) treatment is available at the San Antonio 
Free Clinic at 1126 \V. 
Woodlawn Ave. near Fre­ dericksburg Road. The clinic is open Monday, 
Tuesday and Thursday from 7 to IO p.m. 
Persons wishing treat­ ment can call 722-1661 or 
733-o282 between a and 6 p.m. for an appointment on the day they are to go in for treatment. 
Again, we emphasize the treatment and information are confidential. 

A ggie hand 

Our family is watching the second half of the Sun Bow l gtime on Chunnel a while I ain writing this letter. 
I am so upset about the half-time programing that I am writing you instead of the television station, hoping you can let the Channel 5 personnel know how their viewers feel 
I tried calling the station bul go{ only a recording. 
Although I did not attend Texas A&M (the game was between Texas A&M and Florida) I have always admired the university’s excellent band and looked forward to the band’s half-time show. 
I even called some out of slate relatives the day before to tell them what a fine band would be performing during the 
Sun Bowl game. 
It was a shock to discover that instead of the thrill of watching the fine band, we had to listen to some football players and their agent discuss the draft. 
We could have read about this iii the shirts section of the Express-New s. 
Other 1m»w 1 games showed both bands during half time as well as pictures of the campuses and included a short history and current information about each college. It seems to me that our Texas telex ision stations should have made sun* that Texas A&M University and the fine Aggie 
Band were equally well-represented. 
J K IT 

A n d a n o th e r g rip e . . . 

Could you explain why during tlx* Sun howl half time on 
CBS. they scheduled an interview about tile draft while hundreds of former Aggies wanted to see the school band perform. 
I, for one. was very angry and upset. I called the television station but received no satisfactory answer. 
AN \<j(>IF FAN 

Me had received same other complaints about this same matter, so Channel 5 has a few angry viewers out there, 
It did seem a bit strange the announcers spent the first few minutes of half time singing praises of the outstanding A&M band and then cut away just as the band started playing and returned after the A&M 
Hand was oil the field. 
Naturally. < tunnel a has no control over what the network does on its pro grams, Your complaints can be forwarded to CHS in 
New York, 
( HS. however, felt it had a breaking news story about attitude of football 
Star Tun) Dorset! Ie the 

 professional football draft and how he would rather negotiate a deal himself 
For that reason, the half lime howl show was pre em pled. 
Some sports fans appar cully found the interviews interesting. Hut the nation certainly missed what must have been a worthwhile halftime show. There may not be another college hand in the entire country which call march and maneuver with the precision and ex­ actness ut the A&M Hand. 
Other than lodging pro tests with the network, there really Isn t much that tan he done You can write lo ( tis Television. II Hest 
37th Street. New York City, 
I Nit, 

D^k n’rS? AND JANUARY 
CLEARANCES 

 save 13% to 2 8 % 
"Cotsw olds" ensemble by Cannon Royal Family 
4.99 

Twin flat or fitted 
Reg. $7 

No-iron percales 

Full flat or fitted, reg. 8.5o ............. 6.99 
Queen flat or fitted, reg. $12 .......... 9.99 
King flat or fitted, reg. $15 ........... 12.99 
Standard cases (Pr.), reg. $ 6 ............ 4.99 
King cases (Pr.), reg. $7 .................... 5.99 

Beautiful floral design of old world charm in muted blues or earth tones. Blended of 
5 o % polyester and 5 o % cotton in 18o thread count. Spreads and comforters are filled with 1 o o % bonded polyester. All pieces are machine washable and dryable for easy care and convenience. 
Linens 

 t •m c- 
—■*x5r Ju 
C A N N O N 

 printed Velura towels 

Bath towel, reg. $6 ................... 3.99 

Hand towel, reg. $4 .................. 2.99 

Wash cloth, reg. $1.5o............. 1.19 

V " \ 

 quilted comforters quilted bedspreads 

Twin size, reg. $ 3 5 ................ 
24.99 

.. 39.99 
Full size, reg. $ 4 o ................... 
29.99 

49.99 
Queen size, reg. $5o ............. 
39.99 
12.99 
King size, reg. $6o ................ 
49.99 

 save 1 2 % to 2 7 % Fieldcrest luxurious "Luster" towels 

25"x5o" bath towel, reg. $7........ 5.49 
16" x 3o" hand towel, reg 4.5o .. 3.29 

13" x 13" washcloth, reg. 1.7o ... 1.39 

 l l " x 18" fingertip, reg. 1.85 ..... 1.49 

22" x 34" tub mat, reg. $ 9 ......... 
6.49 

36" x 7o" bath sheet, reg. 13.5o 11.49 

 save 2 o % to 3 o % "S a u n a " nylon rugs by Fieldcrest 

 contour, reg. $ 1 o ........................... 6.99 

24" x 36", reg. $ 1 o ...................... 6.99 

27" x 48", reg. $ 1 5 ..................... 11.99 

 standard lid cover, reg. $ 4 ........... 3.49 

 large lid cover, reg. $ 5 .................. 3.99 

I O O O Twin size 
I 7 . 7 7 Reg $22 

Full size, reg. $26 .................... 22.99 
Queen/king size, reg. $37 29.99 
1oo% nylon fibers bonded to a foam base. Washable/dryable. Champagne, blue, sable, green, gold and red. 
Linens 

SHOP ALL 3 DILLARD'S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO A M. TILL 9 P.M. 

HtNMbFAlR . 
RUM- DOWN ? 
. SH O D D Y ? Y I 
CARNIVAL 7 

Fieldcrest s luxurious 
"V elvet Touch" blankets 

 great savings on Bucilla yarns especially for creative people 

 save 7oe! Softex yarn 

 reg .1.99 1 .2 9 

4 oz. balls of 1oo% acrylic non-aller- genic 4 ply yarn. 

 save 6o' Melody yarn 
79<t reg. 1.39 
/ 7 

Imported Italian yarns in mohair/dcrylie 
I oz. balls. 

 save 8o'! Wonderknit yarn 

9 9 * reg. 1.79 
Z 
Z 

4 oz. skeins of W ond erknit 1 o o % 
Creston* acrylic fiber yarn. 

Art Needlework 
(Not at Windsor Park) 

Perk up any bedroom in your home with distinctive ‘Spectator Stripe' sheets and com ­ forters from the Vera collection by Burlington! 
Sheets are easy-care cotton-polyester. Mat­ ching comforters are cotton-polyester with plump polyester fill. Choose from popular color combinations of terracotta and brown or black and brown, Buy now and save! 

All items this page in Linens, Downtown, 
North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 

A UNIT or A LU ID STONES 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO TIL 9! 

S.A. pair win essay contest 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
Page 
I -B 

 iP K J A t TO THI u r n i s N i w s 
AUSTIN - Two San An- tonio students took first plait* honors Saturday in both the college and high school division s in a statew ide essay-w rit nut 
I contest. 
Another Alamo City col­ lege student won honorable mention in the contest sponsored by the Texas 
Knights of Columbus 
Stephen VV. VVeldeu of 
HIO Canyon Bluff Drive won the 15oo US. Savings 
Bond first prize in the con­ test’s college division. 
Mary Angel Kamos 5:14 
VV Mayfield Blvd., took the 
SVM) first place bond in the high school dtv boun. 
John 111 Filippo. KU Her- week Drive, won a $1oo boud tor his honorable mention 
The evaluation of hundreds of essays was 
Iterformed by four separate screening groups across the late who used original!- l.v, research and English composition as the basis for judging the entries. 

Save 1.o1 to 1o.o1 on ‘Spectator Stripe' sheets and matching comforters by Burlington 

Twin sheet, o99 

 reg. 9.oo 

Full sheet, reg. 1o.5o 
.................................. 8.99 
King cases, reg. 8.5o pr...................................7.49 
Queen sheet, reg. 15.oo 
13.99 
Twin comforter, reg. 4o.oo 
32.99 
King sheet, reg. 19.5o 
15.99 
Full comforter, reg. 5o.oo 
41.99 
Std. cases, reg. 7.5o pr.....................................6.49 
Q ueen/king comforter, reg. 7o.oo . . . 59.99 
Complete your bedroom with solid color dust ruffles, also at savings! Available in four popular sizes in your choice of five fashion colors, reg. 13.oo-2o.oo, sale 9.99-15.99. 

Union pickets strike plants 

PORT 
ARTHUR 
(AP) 
— 
Union pickets decor­ ated entrances to five petrochem ical plants in 
Southeast Texas Saturday as some 1,75o members of throe unions went on strike. 

 taxes 

Everyone who files an income tax return this year will be affected by the 1976 tax reform act. 

Dr. E. Lou Curry, Uni­ versity of Texas at San An­ tonio associate professor of business law and account­ ing. said Saturday these changes will make income tax returns more comp li- cated than in previous years. 

Dr. Curry, a former tax lawyer for the Internal Re­ venue Service, will explain the changes for form 1o4o and accom panying schedules during “The Tax 
Reform Act of 1976," a three-hour seminar offered 
Thursday at UTS A. 

“ This sem in ar is d e ­ signed for persons who have previously prepared their own income tax re­ turns or for the tax practi­ tioner who prepares re­ turns for others.” she said. 
Dr. Curry said though the changes are far-reaching, they apply differently de­ pending on a person's tax bracket and cannot he classified generally as in­ creasing or decreasing tax liability. 
For more information on the seminar call the UTSA 
Division of Continuing 
Fducation at 227-9147. 

Save 4.o1! Martex 'Vellux' blankets in 3 sizes, your choice of 6 colors 

Twin size, 
I 799 reg. 22.oo 
I J 

Full size, reg. 26.oo 
21.99 King size, reg. 36.oo................. 31.91 
Velvety soft nylon flocking on polyurethane foam for warmth withou weight. Choose from six popular fashion colors. Buy now and save! 

About 4oo members of the 
Oil, Chemical anil Atomic 
Workers struck the Amer­ ican Pet rot inn plant at Port 
Arthur. Electrical workers walked out at the Union 76 plant at Nederland and the 
Jefferson Chemical plant, while pipefitters struck at 
Neches Butane Products 
Co. and B F. Goodrich. 

About HOO workers were out at Union 76. about 33o at 
Jefferson Chemical and about 4oo at Neches Butane. 

The action by the Oil. 
Chemical and 
Atomic 
Workers came despite sett­ lement of a national con­ tract Friday night by the national union and Gulf Oil. 

An electrical worker at the Union 76 plant said the strikes were mostly over local issues, with contract language the main point of dispute. “ There was just nothing else we could do.” the electrician said. 

Spokesmen for Mobil and 
Texaco said further talks have been scheduled with the unions, and spokesmen for the struck firm s indicated they would hold further meetings in an at­ tempt to reach settlement. 

Meantime, industry of- iicials said the plants would be operated by supervisory personnel. 

Contracts between the firms and the companies expired at midnight. Two minutes into Saturday morning, the pickets went up at American Petrofina. 

Machinists honored the pipefitter pickets at the 
Goodrich plant. 
Sem inar set on 

Save! Martex ‘Luxor' terry cloth towels in your choice of 9 colors 

Bath towel, 
C99 reg. 9.oo 

Hand towel, reg. 5.oo. Save 1.51! 
3.49 
W ash cloth, reg. 2.oo. Save 41<p! 
1.59 
Bath sheet, reg. 1^.oo. Save 2.51! 
12.49 
Thick, absorbent cotton-polyester terry cloth towels in your choice of nine accent colors. Stock up and save! Use your charge card! 

British blueblood Hugh Fraser, now divorcing his wife 
Lady Antonia, is an old friend and the most eligible man in Jackie Onassis’ life. She visited him in London and fet­ ed him in New York. 

Harry Platt, bachelor president of Tiffany’s, is her favorite dancing partner. 

Financier Fell* Rohatyn escort­ ed her to the Democratic Con­ vention last July. 

Last year alone, she dated more than 2o 

JACQUELINE ONASSIS whirled through 1976 on the arms of more than 2o attentive and attractive men. 
She dated married men. younger men and poorer men. 
She traveled with them, dined intimately with them and dared the public to make anything of it. 
At age 47, Jackie seems to have found the self-confi­ dence to defy convention when it comes to choosing escorts. 
But there was only one man who might have been considered a serious marriage prospect. He was Hugh Fraser, blueblood member of the British Parliament. 
Jackie, an old friend, was there to console 
Fraser when his 2o-year marriage to l^ady 
Antonia Fraser broke up 
She and daughter Caroline were guests in 
Fraser’s London town house after Lady An­ tonia moved out. And when Fraser visited 
New York, Jackie gave a dinner party. 
But Jackie has continued to play the field. 
Her birthday date last July was internation­ al diamond merchant Maurice Tempelsman, 

William Walton, a painter and former JFT! aide, was a fre­ quent companion. 

Designer Valentino put on a fashion show for a benefit party she gave. 

Frank Sinatra dated her regu­ larly, until Ids recent marriage to barbara Man. 

 diplomat Alejandro 
;d her host a Wash- igton gala. 

Maurice Tempelsman, a New York diamond dealer, treated her to a birthday dinner and escorted her to Europe twice. He’s attentive, bot married with three children. 

49. Married with three children, Tempels­ man also accompanied Jackie to England that month for the funeral of her former brother-in-law. Prince Stanislas Radziwill. 
He also happened to be in London three weeks later when Jackie returned from a trip to Moscow. 
She had been to Russia with Thomas Rov­ ing, 46, the director of New York’s Metropol­ itan Museum of Art, to arrange for an exhib­ it of Russian costumes. 
Back in New York, she arrived at the gala opening with a bachelor Kart Katz. 46, the museum’s chairman of special projects. 
A more recent escort was Senator George 
McGovern, 54. He took Jackie to dinner in 
New York two Monday nights running last month, sparking rumors that he was plan­ ning to divorce his wife Eleanor. 
Jackie’s boss. Tom Guinzburg. 5o. presi­ dent of Viking Press, who is newly-separat­ ed from his second wife, spent some vaca­ tion time with Jackie in Jamaica. 
But Jackie found another interest on her 
Jamaica holiday, a young NBG-TV promo­ tion man. Carl Killingsworth, 39 They spent 
IO days swimming and playing tennis. 
Jackie isn t letting age or station bother her these days. 
Sterling St. Jacques, a black actor-dancer- model, in his early 2o s, took her dancing at 
Regine’s. They’d met at a fashion show put on by the Italian designer Valentino. Jackie arrived at that function with William Wal­ ton. 65, a painter and an aide to the late 
President Kennedy 
Three other escorts, all eligible but just friends, were John Sargent, president of 
Doubleday; Henry B (Harry) Platt, presi­ dent of Tiffany’s, and William vanden Heu- vel, a Carter politico. 
New men in her social life included bache­ lor Argentine diplomat, Alejandro Orfila, financier Felix Rohatyn and Robert Strauss, 
Democratic National Committee chairman 

Jacqueline Onassis was received by Thomas Hoving, direc­ tor of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, at an opening. 

Newest man to escort her around town 

Two intimate dinner dates with Sen. George McGovern last month sparked rumors McGovern was divorcing his wife to marry Jackie. But aides insist they’re just friends. 

William vanden Heuvel, former aide to Bobby Kennedy and now a Carter adviser, took her to a movie'opening. He's divorced, but they’re just friends. 

Kart Kau, a ly escorts her to cufcaral events. 

Her companion at a business lunch last summer was Jason Epstein, a Random House executive. 
Bid he’s married. 

Robert Strauss, chairman of the Democratic par­ ty, gave her the VIP treatment at the party’s con­ vention in New York. 

Carl Killingsworth, 31, of NBC, became her frequent escort to the theater. 

PAG! 16 
THI SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— January 9 , 1977 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY! 

To prepare for CIVIL SERVICE Examinations. Men- women 18 and over. Preparatory training as long as required. Experience not always necessary for some examinations. A Home Study School since 1948 will send you FREE INFORMATION on our course and list of examination requirements. 

----------------M A H C O U P O N T O D A Y -------------- 

I Lincoln Service, Dept. 95-L 
| 2211 Broadway, Pekin, Illinois 61554 
I N a m e ............... 

I Street............... 

J City.................. 

............... 
Age. 
. . ..Phone....... 
State.......... Zip 
Time at hom e.................................................. I 

ARCHITECT’S design shows how the water tower and windmill will be restored, with shops alongside. 
HOLBROOK M AN SIO N as it is today 

STAFF PHOTO BV RO N JO N tS 

GE Washer/Dryer Combo for convenience and dependability 

GREEN 
TAG 
VALUE 
(Model SBSI) 
(Model SSo6) 

GREEN 
TAG 
VALUE 

GE ELECTRIC DRYER 
GE WASHER 

• Dramatic new styling 
• Permanent Press cycle with cooldown 
• 3 temperature selections 
• Drying time of up to 13o minutes 
• Separate start button 
• Easy-to-ciean up-front filter *199 

• Four cycle selections— normal; permanent press with cold water cooldown; activated soak; delicate cycle for garments that need special care 
• Three wash-and-rinse temperature combinations including special cold water selections 
• Three water-level selections 
• Electronically tested dependability 
*279 
BARGAIN I 
AREBACK! 

GREEN 
TAG 
VALUE 

OE 17J Cu. Ft No-Frost 
REFRIGERATOR- 
FREEZER 
• 4.65 CU. ti freezer 
• Power saver switch helps reduce operating costs 
• Tinted, see-thru adjust able meat keeper and 
Permalon crispers 

(Mod*) o332) 

4 4 
9 ° ° 

GE 3 <r ELECTRIC 
RANGE 

• Cal rod surface heating units 
• Easy cleaning oven with removable door 
• Big storage drawer 

(Mod*! 1943) 
*199°° 

TAPPAN MICROWAVE 
OVEN 
• Reduces cooking time up to 75% 
• Automatic timer control 
• Large oven capacity handles turkeys and other large items 

(Mod*! 16o4) 

* 2 5 9 OO 

P Diagonal 
Black A White TV 
• Sharp picture e Use In any room of the house 

(Mod*! oo99) 
88OO 

OE IO" Diagonal 
Color TV e Lightweight for easy carrying 
• Great kitchen or den companion 

(Modal 1o73) 
*229 
OO 

GE 19" Diagonal 
Color TV 
• Full size color picture 
• Brilliant colors 

(Modal 1737) 
IOO 
>388' 

Enjoy “CREDIT-ABILITY” with your own 
GOODYEAR REVOLVING 
CHARGE ACCOUNT. 

+ OOU/it 4o 

Lu dl j 
Or use any of these 7 other ways to buy: g i p JR 
• Cash 
• Our Own Customer Credit Plan ' --------------------- 
• Master Charge 
• BankAmericard 
• American Express 
Money Card 
• Carte Blanche 
• Diners Club 

G O O D Y E A R S E R V IC E S T O R E S O P E N M O N , , W E D ., T H U R S ., FRI. 8 T O 5 :3 o P .M . T U ES. 9 T O 5 :3 o S A T 8 T O 5 

Saladofight site to get new look 

The site of the Battle of the Salado, fought here during the 1842 invasion of Texas by Mexico, is about to become a “village.” 

Now a 31-acre farm su r­ rounded by developm ents in Northeast San Antonio, the b attle g ro u n d will be­ come Holbrook Hill, a vil­ lage of shops and art gal­ leries. The developers pro­ m ise c h a n g es will be in keeping with the site’s his­ toric p ast. 
The grassy lull overlook­ ing S alado and VValzem c reek s w here T exan and 
Mexican troops met Sept. 
18, 1842, still looks much as it did at the tu rn of the century. 
Developers 
T he d ev e lo p e rs, M rs. 
George L. Mehreti. owner of the property, and Mrs. 
Maurine Alexander of Nay­ lor Realty, Inc., have gotten advice from the San Anton­ io Conservation Society. 
“ There will be many res­ tric tio n s on th e types of bu sin esses and how they must keep with the histori­ cal b a c k g ro u n d .” M rs. 
Mehreu said. 
T he site on H olbrook 
Road is between R ittm a n and Eisenhauer roads, lust west of 1H35 
The 14- room , colom al- style mansion w ill be made into an exclusive re s ta u r­ ant. 
The 1oo-year-old d airy barn and silo, a hay barn, water tank, windmill, ser­ vants quarters and stables all will be restored. New buildings will bring com ­ m e rc ia l sp a ce to about 
62,ooo sq u a re feet iii the first phase 
Harmonious 

“ All buildings will be ar­ chitecturally harm onious with the 19th century look of the project,” said Mrs. 
Alexander. 
The villag e is to open 
Sept. 18 on the 135th anni­ versary of the battle fought to free San Antonio. 
Mrs. Mehren said the site also has archeological sig­ nificance. A team from the 
I'niversitv of T e xa s at San 

Surrounded by developm ents in 
Northeast 
S. A.* the battleground nill become a rib luge o f shops, art 
Kulleries 

Antonio in 1975 found evi­ dence the hill was occupied from 55oo B.C. to 1ooo A D , she said. 
The little-known Battle of the Salado had its b eg in ­ nings seven days before the e n g a g e m e n t w hen 1,4oo 
Mexican troops under Gen. 
Adrian Won captured San 
Antonio. 
Lure 
About 2oo v o lu n te e rs from Gonzales under Capt 
Mathew Caldwell set out for 
Salado Creek. Caldwell sent a co m p an y to lu re the 
Mexican forces out of San 
Antonio. 
After a day of fighting, in which the m ain body of 
M exican tro o p s w as r e ­ pulsed several times, Gen. 
W'oll w ith d rew from the field The M exicans had lost ab o u t HO dead and many wounded 
C ald w ell’s T ex an s lost one dead and nine wound­ ed, but a company of rein­ forcem ents attem p tin g to reach him was surrounded and all m em bers killed or captured. 

I 
W ild life n im se r ie s en d in g 

The San Antonio Audu­ bon Society will offer a film. “ Papua New Guinea; 
Tw ilight of Eden” at 8 p.m. 
Jan. 19. 

The film, the last of the wildlife series for 1976-77, will be shown in Our Lady of the Lake's Chapel audi­ torium. 

M ISSIO N 
^jewelers 

Downtown South Park Mall 

224 E- Houston 
Doily 1o-9 
1o-5:3o 

DOW NTOW N 
816 S. St. M a ry ’s 
(Alamo at St. M ary’s) 
222-1373 

NORTHSIDE 
47o2 SAN PEDRO 
824-2371 

NORTHWEST 
1498 HILLCREST 
434-31o6 

PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 PfMIN-BCim RD. 
656-3111 

SOUTHSIDE 
2131 S.W. MIL. DR. 
923-4563 

WESTSIDE 
1811 W. COMMERCE 
225-7677 

HIGHLANDS 
1346 FAIR AVE. 
(lair Ava. at Oavare) 
534-5468 

NORTHWEST 
3 S6 6 
FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

DOWNTOWN 
4o1 N. A LA M O 
227-7381 

NORTHEAST 
I d i s AUSTIN H W Y. 
824-o2o8 

NORTHSIDE 
226 RECTOR 
344-9786 across tecw* north star ami* 

EASTSIDE 
3o3o E. COMMERCE 
225-7266 

Save 2o% and more off regular prices on a select group of 
Floor Samples 

Li ST£P ^ LoW ARt JUSr A FEW EXAMPLES OF THE SREAX SAVINGS 
Seth Thomas Chime Clock 
Reg 214.95 n o w 171.97 
SAVE 42.98 
Linden Chime W all Clock 
Reg. $1o9.95 n o w 87.97 
SAVE 21.98 
Tichron W all Clock 
Reg. 55.oo 
NOW 44.oo 
SAVE I I OO 
Zebra Statue 
Reg 91.oo 
NO W 72.8o 
SAVE 18.2o 
Decorated Large Vase 
Reg. 26.95 
NOW 2o.57 
SAVE 5.38 
Large Poodle Statue 
Reg. 1oo.oo 
NOW 8o.oo 
SAVE 2 o OO 
Miistosi Revolting C hor go • Mission Custom Charge 
BankAmei Icard • Mosier Charge 
American Express • Diners Club • Cart* Blanche • layaw ay 
Sale prices effective on selected merchandise 
Entire stock not included in this sal* Origin*! price t>g shown on every item 
AU items subject to poor sale items illustrated not necessarily those on sale r 
------- 

Statue on exhibit 

SCULPTOR W aldine 
Touch stands beside the eight-foot bronze statue of 
Gen. Douglas M a ­ cArthur she created for the Academy of 
Freedom in Brown­ wood. The larger- than-life-sized cast­ ing and other pieces will be featured dur­ ing an exhibit — beginning Su nd ay and continuing through Jan. 31 — at the Coppini Aca­ demy of Fine Arts. A 
2 p.m. tea Sunday will honor Touch. 
The Coppini A c a ­ demy is at 
115 
Melrose Place. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 I 977 

Rohde asks plant site be restudied 

City Councilman Al 
Rohde Saturday sent 
President-elect Jimmy 
Carter a m ailgram protesting San Anton­ io’s loss of a solar electric pilot plant. 

“ I ask that you give this site selection issue a fresh beginning and reconsider the City of San Antonio as the best and most suitable site for the ERDA center,” 
Rohde said. 
The Energy Research and Development Adminis­ tration Thursday selected 
Barstow, Calif., over San 
Antonio and Gila Bend, 
Ari/. 
9 sites proposed 
Nine sites had been pro­ posed for the $1o(1 million facility which will demon­ strate the central receiver 

C o u n cilm a n pric­ iest s to Carter in 
S.A.'s loss f o r so­ lar electric pilot facility 

 concept of solar power. 
The facility consists of a series of mirrors that re­ direct the sun s energy to a central receiver or boiler atop a tower 
“ South Texas weather, site and technical creden­ tials have it all together to indeed make our city the major sunshine energy center for the United 
States,” Rohde said 
City 
Public 
Service 
Chairman 
Tom 
Berg 
Thursday blamed P resi­ dent Ford for the selection of a California site over San 
Antonio for the test solar energy plant. 
Ex-inmate calk jail security plan failure 

DALLAS 
(A P ) 
- 
A former prison inmate who was once rated a model prisoner says the federal minimum security jail sys­ tem is a failure and should be reorganized since it provides little ground for 

 rchabilitiation. 
The former prisoner is 
Gary Tharp, 28, who was chosen one of the Junior 
Chamber of Commerce’s top five outstanding young 
Texans and a state vice president of the organiza­ 

 tion while serving nearly three years in the system at 
Seagoville. 

Tharp was paroled in Fe­ bruary, a graduate of a prison system he says dehumanizes a mali m- 

S n o 

Fluff'** 

I X X X X 

Rom 
Cold 
W ar 

Shower* S' aft o nor y O ccluded 

Temperatures 

 orc overage 

 for a re a 

N A T IO N A L WEATHER SERVICE 
N O A A 
U S Oepf of Commerce 

 stead of rehabilitating him 

Bureau of Prisons direc­ tor Charles Hughes denied that the system is a failure. 

Thorp said there is racism, corruption and drug traffic in the system 

 and inmates are not made to feel that they have a chance at rehabilitation 

He cited cases of racism in which case workers who handled Mexican-American prisoners would openly ad­ mit their prejudices against Mexican-Am er­ icans. 
D inner to honor retiring bishop 

Episcopal Bishop Harold 
C. Gosnell and his wife will be honored with an appre­ ciation/retirement dinner at 6:3o p m. Tuesday in 
Banquet Hall No. I of the 
San Antonio Convention 
Center. 
Bishop Gosnell will retire in mid-February after having served as bishop of the 6o-county Diocese of 
West Texas for eight years. 
The event will have a 

He pointed out Texas voted Democratic in the 
November elections while 
California was carried by 
Ford. 

Political award 

In his message to Carter, 
Rohde said Ford's selection was a political award 

“ A key factor that Presi­ dent Ford’s Administration overlooked is that our city utility ratepayers are per­ sons who are disadvan­ taged in their income le­ vels.” Rohde said. 

“ The voters of San An­ tonio and Texas advanced your opportunity to carry 
Texas and win the office of 
President. 

“ I am hopeful that your office will take the neces­ sary leadership and inter­ est to re-tag the ERDA so­ lar energy site as a major item of unfinished public business by 
President 
Ford’s Administration and reconsider the sites.” 

.Photographers. 
Save on Film! 
3 5 m m • 12o • 2 2 o 
Internationally Famous Interstate Color Lab 

Now Named 
FOX PROFESSIONAL COLOR LABS rn 
• ' 
Sea Displays ot low Cost Fumer! 

Enlargements at Stores listed Btdnw 
■ * 
• 
* z 
• 
Ask Apout Mail Order Processing Services t • 

 and Many Photo Specialties 

 s 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I s 

 rn COUPON OFFER m rn m m % 

SAVE MONEY on bulk purchase ol new Kodak a 

Vericolor ll Professional film 
o' 

WITH THIS COUPON 
I 

No ol Rolls 
2o 
IO 
5 
I 

VPS 135 2o 
$3o.4o 
5158o 
$ 8 2o 
■ 

VPS 135-36 
42 OO 
2185 
11.3o I 

VPS 12o 
2325 
121o 
6 25 

VPS 22o 
465o 
2415 
125o a rn rn rn m OFFER ENDS 1/29/77Bi m 
■ I a i J 

Fox Professionol Color Lobs 

AT THESE FOX PHOTO STORES 

Fox Photo 1726 Broadway • 226-6311 

Fox Photo 1967 Nacogdoches Rd. • 826-22o4 

Fox Photo 246 North Star Mall • 342-o441 

“ Night in Old Mexico’’ theme. Mexican food will be catered and mariachi music will entertain the guests. 

Tickets for the dinner are available at all Episcopal churches in the 6o counties as well as at Cathedral 
House, IU Torcido Drive. 

Cost is $1o per person and reservations should be made as early as possible. 

A IL IN N E R S P R IN G C O N STR U C TIO N 

TRUNDLE BED 
Sturdy m#»ol unit A 
7 duality mattresses, tuck* away easily1 

WITHOUT Enuv 
*1 2 9 

WITH FINISHED ENDS 
*239 

I lam 
Bedding Co. 

OpmMoo thro In H i JO CIA -ioi I AJA ta \2 Non* 
4915 McCullough, 6 blks. N. of Olmos Dr. 
824-o2o1 
EASY TERMS! 

KING SET 
*199” 
QUEEN SET 
*169 
DOUBLE SET 
*99” 
TWIN SET s895o 

._ weary Texas chilled by new front 
J 

An Arctic cold front rampaged through Texas Saturday, flinging sleet, rain and snow at winter-weary Texans from 
South Texas to the Panhandle 
The hard-charging front zipped into North Texas Satur­ day morning, spanning from Lake Texoma to the Pan­ handle. Snow was reported in Dalhart and Amarillo. 
Showers were beginning to fall across a line from 
Abilene to Mineral Wells, and Cotulla in South Texas reported drizzle. 
The front bore down on predominantly 46 and 3o degree temperatures, slapping them into the lipper teens and mid 
2os as it passed. Brownsville reported 68 degrees ahead of the front Saturday morning, while Dalhart showed 13. 
The National Weather Service issued travelers’ adv i­ sories for most of North Texas effective Saturday night. 
Snow was predicted for tile northern third of the state, freezing rain across the central third, and rain in the remainder. 
Weathermen blamed the winter blitz on the collision of an upper level storm with Arctic air near the surface. 

G R E A TE R SAN A N TO N IO 
1 1 Rosa 
31 
o6 
San Antonio 
45 
54 
.oo t Ort Worth i i 
54 
.oo 
SOUTH TE XA S 
Houston i i i i 
oo 
Austin 
42 
*•4 
OO 
Lubbock 
21 
4o 
o2 
Brownsville 
54 
28 
OO 
Lufkin 
4o 
SB 
OO 
Corpus Christi 
48 
65 
o? 
Vin Angelo 
4o 
56 
OO 
Cotulla 
45 
5/ 
OO 
Waco 
39 
62 
OO 
Del Rio 
44 
61 
Oil 
SOUTHW EST 
Junction 
41 
62 
OO 
Denver 
OS ll 
.oo 
Victoria 
44 
59 
OO 
Honolulu 
63 
81 
OO 
TEXAS 
Los Angeles 
42 
62 
IS 
Abilene 
29 
48 
.o4 
Las Vegas 
28 
5? 
OO 
Alpine 
48 
68 
OO 
Phoenix 
41 i i 
o2 
ZALES 

Save $5o on diamonds for him 

5-Diamond ring, 14 karat yellow or white gold. 

Reg. $325 
Now *275 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

Zeles Revolving Cher** • 
C uvtom I hxigv bink Alum ian! • Master Cherie • Ameru.An 
Dmei* Club • Carte Bum he • Layaway 

• 4oo1 HOUSTON 
• lift I. HOUSTON 
• LA HEI* UNKE 
• WINDSOR PUK ZALES 
The Diamond Store 

PARK FREI DOWNTOWN WITH PURCHASE 

Entire Hoc* ot man a diamond ring* not included in this atle Original price tag adown on every nam Subject to poor sale Illustration enlarged 

SAN ANTONIO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
1974 
197* 
Ave 
R tf ion 
o 54 
I o3 
I 74 
I 32 reb 
o t j 
3 JO 
I 45 
7 88 
Mor 
I 2o 
o *2 
I 47 
4 19 
Apr 
547 
2 49 
2 21 l l *4 
May 
S 8o 
491 
3 45 
14 o7 
Jan 
I 41 
4 4o 
2 95 
IO 44 
July 
5 39 
o 44 
I *9 
8 18 
Aug 
2o9 
I 22 
2 34 l l 14 
Sept 
J 79 
o *1 
4 59 
15 78 
Oct 
8 <8 
2 25 
2 3o i n 
Nev 
2.44 
o o3 
I 37 
Dec. 
84 
1.48 
I 75 
4 22 

Salt Lake City 
16 
25 
OO 
San Diego 
S3 
62 
OO 
SOUTH C E NTR A L 
Kansas Ctty 
OI 
29 
OO 
Louisville 
o8 
33 
OO 
Memphis 
28 
44 
OO 
Oklahoma City 
14 
36 
OO 
St Louis 
12 
28 
.oo 
Wichita os 
25 
OO 
SOUTHEAST 
Ailanto 
2o 
45 
OO 
Birmingham 
2! 
48 
OO 
Charleston 
36 
46 
OO 
Jacksonville 
33 
52 
OO 
New Orleans 
38 
59 
OO 
Raleigh 
14 
38 
OO 
Richmond 
o9 
35 
OO 
Tampa 
38 
64 
OO 
Bismarck 
Boise 
Casper 
Helena 
Portland Ore 
Rooid City 
San Pran asco 
Seattle 
Spoil one 

NO RTHW EST 

NO RTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
o9 
Detroit 
o9 
Duluth 
2o indianapolis 
OI 
Milwaukee 
o/ 
Mien St Paul 
• IJ 
Omoho 
3 
SM Sic M arie 
N O R T H EA ST 
Boston 
Buttons 
OI 
Cleveland 
Columbus 
5 
New York C'ty 
19 
Philadelphia 
J 2 
Pittsburgh 
Portland Me 
16 
Washington 
16 

• NOETH STAI M A U 

• FINNIN H A Z A 

• UNIVERSAL QTY 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low. 36 degrees Delaw t a ro at in­ ternational Pails. Mi tin 
High. /8 degrees at Presidio 

T E X A S WEATHER 
Eorecast at a glance 
Sun. 
Mon 
Amarillo 
OS-19 
o7-25 
Cold. snow 
Austin 
18 31 
19 33 
Cold. windy 
Laredo 
2S-39 
26 44 
Cold, windy 
Corpus Christi 
29-4o 
28 -IS 
Cold. windy 
Victoria 
22-39 
2S-46 
Colder, windy 
Dallas Et Worth is 24 
19 3o 
Sleet, snow 
McAllen Brownsville 
32-49 
JS SO 
Colder, windy 
Houston 
25 38 
22-4o 
Cold. windy 

SAN ANTONIO AND V IC IN IT Y - 
Very told and windy Sunday with a ch an ce of snow flu rrie s ending e a rly Sunday night 
D e creasin g cloudiness and very cold Sunday night and Monday Winds becoming northerly from IS to 25 mph and gusty Sunday High tem perature for 
Sunday will be in the low 3os Lew temperature for Sunday will be in the upper teens High tem perature tor Monday will De in the mid 3os 
The son rises at 2,3o and sets at 
5 52 
The moon Is toll, Moon rises at IO 24 p m and sets af 9.21 a m 
T e m p e ra tu re s S a tu rd a y ran g ed 
(rom 45 to 54 degrees 
(N ational 
Weather Service forecast I 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 93 per cent os ot t p m Saturday 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N — Total rainfall tor the 24hoor period ending at J p m 
S a tu r d a y , t r a c e , fo r th e month, .19 ct an Inch, tor the year, 
.19 of on inch Accumulated depar­ ture from norm al for the month, minus ,18 ot an inch, tor the year, minus 18 of an inch. 
N O RT H T E X A S - Cloudy and much folder Sunday 
SOUTH T EX A S — Winter storm watch tor northern portions Sunday, turning much colder early Sunday 
W EST T E X A S — Continued cold 
Sunday ond Sunday night with snow ending on Sunday Portly cloudy on 
Monday 
N A TIO N A L — Snow flurries will form over west portions of the northern plums Snow wiii ton over 
O large area extending from north east Texas through the mid M issis­ sippi Volley and Ok to Valley, across tnt lower C real Lakes to the middle 
Atlantic Coost and much ct New 
England This will become fre e in g rum in a band southward, then ram down through the southern naif of 
Texas, ocross the Cud of M exico slates and northern Florida throuah the Atlantic Coast 
Tem peratures will be very cold over th# north and c e n tra l R o ckies, the p la in s , the 
Mississippi Valley, the Ohio Volley ond the upper C re a l Lakes. 

FURNITURE CO. 
CLEARANCE 

Start the New Year on time with a superlative floor clock from our collection. Selected models all have Westminster chime movements; some have Tempus Fugit or Moon 
Phase dials. A variety of stately styles to complement different decors. 

1/3 to 1/2 OFF 

 e. 

Was 
NOW 

The Orleans........................... 
....................$ 715 
..*429 

The Esquire........................... 
.................... $ 449 . . *269 

The ^talesman 
.................... 
............................$ 6 1 9 . 
*434 

The B a ro n .............................. 
. *4o9 

The Sovereign . . . 
...................... $1689 . . *844 

NEW ACCOUNTS IN V ITE D ! 
Installment Plans — Extended Credit 
National Credit Cards. Diners Club 
Carte Blanche, Master Charge, 
BankAmericard, American Express. 

(Jut deccUtfcte the a/ira//) arm/ftMe 

 ic mitt! yen at ne exha ch at ye 

H E R E IS A P A R T IA L L IS T IN G O F O T H ER G R E A T V A L U E S , 

Contemporary end table. Carved, parson's style. Glass top. 
Was $ 3 o o 
As is 

Contemporary Parsons chair. Blue, beige, gold stripe. 
Was $ 3 3 4 

French wing chair. Woven floral inside, green velvet outside 
Was $ 2 9 4 

Contemporary sofa. Blue, gold, beige tweed. 
Was $ 5 3 9 

Double Pedestal Roll top desk Two file drawers, brass pulls, distressed oak finish 

Was $ 5 1 9 

I a 

Now 
$119 
I 
I 

Now 
$179 i 

Now 
$199 

Now 
$398 F I 

Now 
$399 i : 

N O R TH S O E * R ector St. opposite N Star Mall* O pen Mon & Thurs til 9 *‘ J' ione 342 9411 

SUPER BUYS FOR “ SUPER SUNDAY 
FROM HANDY ANDY 
A D EFFECTIVE S U N D A Y 
J A N . 9, 1 9 7 7 
S A N A N T O N I O STORES O N L Y 

O PE N S U N D A Y IO A . M . -6 P.M . 
EXCEPT STORE N O . 3 o CE N T R A L P A R K 
CLOSED S U N D A Y 

W E RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 
W E A C CEP T F O O D STA M P S 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

 dwei*ef 
'Mwe: udwei*e* 
*ddweise* 

 lid*.-nu t*!1 

12-OZ. CANS 
6 PACK . . . . 

ICE 
CREAM 

MERICO TEXAS STYLE 
BISCUITS 
SSMML 
BUTTERMILK 
M a fia o r 
M 

M 
HOMESTYLE M 
B H 
SB 

MARBLE POUND 
RING CAKE 

RED OR GOLDEN 
U.S. NO. I SIZE 113s 

VAC PAC 
WHOLE KERNEL 

Homes by Schaefer priced affordably in lovely Lakeside 

LAKESIDE homes, quality built by Schaefer, have been m ade affordable for families 
Royal Ridge patio homes boast energy-saving items 

( harm and grad* of 
Mediterranean styling are reflected by patio homes in Royal Ridge. 
E q u a l l y i m p o r t a n t a r e the features behind all this beauty that truly crea te a h o m e of of e x c e p t i o n a l value. 
Windcrest 
The value built into each h o m e by W i n d c r e s t D e v e ­ l o p m e n t Corp. a g a i n has proven there is no s u b s t i ­ tute for quality and the e x ­ perience of building ho m es for those c o n cer n ed about their investment. 
T he se “ E n e r g y -('rafted” h o m es boas! m o re than ‘in energy-saving products and c o n s t r u c t i o n t e c h n i q u e s that reduce the daily work­ load and s a \ e the owner a significant amount of m o n ­ ey in both u t i l i t i e s an d maintenance. 
A t t e n t i o n to t h e m a n v 

 d e t a i l s e n h a n c e s e v e r y aspect of these magnificent two-, three- and four-bed­ room patio homes. 
With tin1 assistance of Windcrest 
D e v e l o p m e n t 's p r o f e s s i o n ­ als. ea ch own er de cor ates his h o m e s with the colors, patterns and textu res that are a reflection of his pe r­ sonality and taste. 
E x t r a v a g a n t , l u x u r i o u s styling, practical and eco n ­ omical, a patio h o m e is all of these and more. It’s an e x c i t i n g h o m e ; a q u iet hom e full of the most up to date products and features. 
Proven, sound deadening co mmo n walls; a truly pri­ v a t e patio; and fu lly f i n ­ ished. oversized rear entry garages with electric door openers are but a few of the m o r e d e s i r a b l e e l e m e n t s included. 
In su la ted b e y o n d be lie f with d o u b le in s u la t io n in the e x t e r i o r w a l l s ; c e d a r 

 shake roofs; dual pane w in ­ dows; steel e n c a s e d , i n s u ­ lated e x t er io r d o o rs with m a g n e t i c vv eat hoi s t r i p ­ pi n g ; an d a y a r d full of g r a s s 
(no t j u s t 
“ sp ri g g ed ” ), shrubs, trees and fencing m ak e up more splendid features of Royal 
Ridge patio homes. 
T h e i d e a l l o c a t i o n of 
Royal Ri dg e is convenient to all areas of San Antonio 
It is midw ay between Fort 
Sam Houston and Randolph 
A F B , j u s t m i n u t e s f r o m 
Windsor Parkl Mall. Chil­ dren attend Windcrest E le ­ mentary, White Middle and 
R o o s e v e l t H ig h S c h o o l s , e a c h iii t h e p r e f e r a b l e 
North East District. 

E v e r y o n e is i n v i t e d to view the five m od el patio h o m e s , four of w h ic h are fu r n ish ed in gra n d sty le . 
Drive north on N E. Ill 35 to 
O’Connor Road. Turn south 

 ont o O 'C o n n o r to R o y a l 
Ridge Drive (three blocks) and follow the model home signs. Models are open dai­ ly from ll) q.in. to 7 p.m. 

A quality b uilt, a f­ fordably priced hom e in a proven com m unity is what the S ch a efer philosophy of building homes is all about. 
F o r p r o s p e c t i v e h o m e buyers in the southeastern 
San 
A n t o n i o a r e a , t h i s t r a n s l a t e s to a S c h a e f e r home in Lakeside. 
Rolling hills 
An ideal c o m m u n i t y set a m o n g tin' rolling hills of southeastern Bexar County. 
Lakeside offers fam ily liv­ ing iii a pastoral setting and h o m e s built with the c are and c r a f t s m a n s h i p 
Schaefer is known for. 
While rising construction c o s t s ar e s t r i p p i n g m o r e and more new h o m es of af­ fordably priced quality fea­ tures. Schaefer continues to build in hidden values, lux­ u r i o u s e x t r a s a n d energy-saving features in a p rice r a n g e f a m i l i e s can afford 
Iii 
L a k e s i d e . t h i s 
Schaefer quality begi ns on tin1 ground, w h ere founda­ tions ar e s p e c i a l l y e n g i n ­ 

 eered to suit tlit' soil condi­ tions of the vicinity. F in e construction mater ials like copper wiring, top quality p l u m b i n g an d 
G e n e r a l 
E l e c t r i c a p p l i a n c e s add quality to every home. F in ­ i s h i n g t o u c h e s i n c l u d e hand-laid lib* baths, b e a u ­ tiful ly p a i n te d w o o d w o r k and f u r n itu r e -fi n is h e d c a ­ binetry. 
To unmbat sk y ro ck etin g u t i l it y c o s t s , 
S c h a e f e r homes in Lakeside are built w itll c u s t o m - e n g i n e e r e d , high-effieieney air and heat s y s t e m s that i n c lu d e s p e ­ cial duct work for optimal air flow A whole 31 inches of insulation between walls and eight inc he s of blown insulation in the attic are a d d e d e n e r g y - s a v i n g f e a ­ tures, along with extra attic ventilation and windows d e s i g n e d to m i n i m i z e air infiltration and m a x i m i z e light and v iews. 
But the q u a lit y d o e s n t s t o p w i t h c o n s t r u c t i o n 
Schaefer is out to prove that luxury features need not be l i m i t e d to l u x u r y p r i c e d homes. 
Schaefer's Lakeside floor 

 plans boast g lam oro u s kit­ chens, space-sav m g bonus 
1oom s, f orma l liv in g and di nin g ar ea s and ev en s e ­ p a r a t e g a m e r o o m s wit h fireplaces or a study, all at an affordable price. 
All of these features add up to the Schaefer concept: 
‘ W e ' r e b u i l d i n g h o m e s you'll want to c o m e ho m e to." Quality built, afforda­ bly pr ice d h o m e s for the family life are in Lakeside. 
S c h a e f e r b e l i e v e s that 
“ c o m in g h o m e ” m e a n s tin1 n e i g h b o r h o o d . too. 
So. 
Schaefer neighborhoods are p l a n n e d a s c a r e f u l l y a s h o m e s i t e s and a s s u r e buyers of a wise and lasting investment in a com mu nit y which will be a viable part of San Antonio for a long, long time. 
Lakeside, developed with c o n si st en cy and sound e n ­ g i n e e r i n g . p r o v i d e s a n a ­ tu ral s u r r o u n d i n g for a v ariety of family activities. 
Hike and bike trails, play­ g r o u n d an d p i c n i c f a c i ­ lities. lighted tennis courts and a s w i m m i n g pool are set a m o n g t h e b e a u t ii ut surroundings of an 11-acre 

 lake for fishing and sailing. 
S o u n d too g o o d to be true? Well, believe it or not, there’s even more. 
Schaefer offers these fine ho m es in Lakeside with tho best YA, FUA and con ve n ­ tional financing, includittg special S per cent VA and 
S' 2 per cent c o n v e n ti o n a l f i n a n c i n g . 
R e s i d e n t s of 
Lakeside also enjoy the ad­ v a n t a g e of a lh pe r c e n t s a v i n g s on m o n t h l y p a y ­ m e n t s 
H o u s e p a y m e n t s her*' actually run an a vet* a g e of $3o less per month for a q u a l i t y - b u i l t h o m e comparable to h o m es found in other San Antonio c o m ­ munities. 
S c h a e f o r m o d e l h o m e s art' open daily from IO a m until dusk. Located a short 
'2 mile from S E. Loop 41o on U.S. Hwy. KT, Lakesid e is only minutes from d o w n ­ town San Antonio, c o n v e n ­ ient to exce lle nt s h o p p in g facil ities and a short 1 ide f r o m 
L a c k l a n d . 
K e l l y , 
B r o o k s an d 
R a n d o l p h 
A Fits. as well as Fort Sa m 
Houston. 
New h o m e s r a n g e f r o m 
$3o,ooo to $42,ooo 

HMM. 

. . a l 
J 
B t 

ROYAL RIDGE patio homes, built by the reputable W indcrest Developm ent Corp., are m odeled daily 
J 

\ 

NEW HOMES 
TO W NHO M ES 
APARTMENTS 
San Antonio EXPRE5S-N EW S— 
Sunday January 9 I 9 / 7 
Page 

J 
CO M M UNITIES 
FOR ALL KIN DS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

 x\ 
^LARGEST CLASSIFIED AWD REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS^I 

 c l a s s if ie d d i s p l a y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C L A S S IF IC D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
Camelot 
Briarwiekl HAS IT All! 

NEW HOME 
CLOSE-OUT 

Energy 
Economizing 
Features 

1oo7. 
M asonry 

‘ Based on a purchase 

 price of S 3 1 ,65o financed at 7 . a n n u a lly o n a 3o yr," loan w ith N O d o w n paym ent. 

$283* mo. 

3 bedroom, 2 bath, huge family area and a bright garden kitchen make this brand new energy- saving home ideal for the young family. 
14419 Briarbranch 

Discontinued 
Plans 

. . . Prices never lower on brand new homes! 

All the Extras 

Spark 
Your Life 

This 3 bedroom, 2 bath home features a large living area with fireplace plus lots more. 
The monthly payments are just $ 3 o 7 * 

14419 Briarknoll 

 t Im m ediate closing, 

 available on certain 

 addresses on ly, VA, 

For only $ 3 1 o * a month, you can enjoy this luxurious 3 bed­ room, 2 bath home. 
A large family room with fireplace and an inside utility room are just a couple extras. 14423 Briarbranch 

‘ Based on a purchase pu ce of $3 4,325, N O dow n paym ent, 36o equal m o n th ly p a y ­ m ents at 7 % % V A financing. 

‘ Based on a purchase 

 price of S3 4.57 5, N O dow n paym ent, 36o 

 equal m o n th ly p a y ­ 

 m ents at 7 % % V A financing. 
Move in now, first payment April 1977 

S 
Loop 16o4 
Ekri&rwick 
J*/ 

J 
/ 

NO CITY TA XES 
NORTH E A ST SCHOOLS 

• NO DOWN, VA 
• NO CLOSING COSTS 

OPEN DAU roual crest homes 
4 9 4 -6 2 o 2 

1. Northeast Schools 
2. No City Taxes 
3. Minutes to Ft. Sam Houston and 
Randolph AFB 
4. Short drive to Windsor Park Mall 
5. Energy-saving features 
6. Built-in electric kitchen with rang! vent, dishwasher & disposer 
7. Patio & complete privacy fenci 
8. Easy access to expressways 
9. Recreational facilities nearby 
1o. Masonry exterior 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 
NO CITY TAXES 

I — r 

 tty 

 kitTi 

 dine 

 rn t 

L A CAMELOT 
^ ess 4ia» 

IOLA. NOW WL 
VftMMtfr 

I « 

‘Cash price: $39,1oo. No down payment and no closing costs. VA mortgage $39,1oo. 36o equal monthly principal and interest pay ments of $286 17 for 3o years at 8 % Annual 
Percentage Rate 
Principal and Interest 
$286 17 
Taxes (County, State, School) 
53.33 
(No!) City Taxes 
-o- 
Insurance 
19 5o 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$359 OO 

IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY 

NO MONTHLY PAYMENTS ’TIL APRIL 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take 
IH-35 to the W alzem exit, drive east on 
Walzem and follow the signs. 

Ph. 655-4123 
Bay Ellison Homes 

 m*. 
A A ... 
«■*. 
AL -S.- 
I i , m 

Poge 
2-C 
Son Antonio EXPRE^S-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I977 
Energy Efficient homes debut in Braun Station 

A “ first” for modern housing in the San An­ tonio area will be fea­ tured this weekend by 
La Mansion Homes in 
Braun Station East. 
The long-established, reputable building firm will present the first 
“ Energy Efficient Homes” in Bexar County as its five houses await the personal inspection of home hunters who arc shopping for a re­ sidence that lets them enjoy the luxuries of a quality home and, at the same time, not have to worry about overusing utilities! 
‘Answer’ 
La Mansion Homes has provided the best possible answer to their desires and needs. The “ Energy E ffi­ cient Home” has it all for them this weekend, and what's most surprising, perhaps, is that La Mansion 
I Ionics itself has not named this innovative, economical and even affordable series of housing. 
The term ‘.‘Energy Effi­ cient Home” is given to these Braun Station East homes by Owens-Corning, the firm that personally in­ spected each of the five featured this weekend be­ fore the sign identifying them as “ Energy E ffi­ cient” could be shown in the front yards. 
They are named appro­ priately and priced affor- dably. This weekend, only 
La Mansion Homes Inc., with houses expertly built by veterans W. J. McCarthy dr. & Son, has them ready for show ing. 
Outstanding energy-sav­ ing features in La Man- 
Mon’s new series include 

Brightened 

Residential construction, including multi-family housing, rose to $4.15 bil­ lion in July, according to industry reports, up 35 per cent from July, 1975. 
In the first seven months of this year, the Census 
Bureau reports that 858,9oo new housing units were started, compared with 
634,7oo units in the same period in 1975. 

Fiberglas insulation rated 
R-26 in ceilings and R-13 in walls, both with vapor bar­ riers; insulated doors with special seals to reduce air infiltration; windows with caulking and sealing at various critical locations to reduce air infiltration; thermostatically controlled power vents in attics; cen­ tral air conditioning and heating not oversized and engineered on the job for each house; and strategic location of windows. There is no plumbing inside the walls; all insulation is so­ lid! 
Even more construction items which result in en­ 

 ergy savings for residents can be explained this wee­ kend in Braun Station East. 
All five homes are along 
Wickerham in the north­ western 
Bexar 
County community off Bandera 
Road north of N.VV. Loop 
41o. 
La Mansion, of course, is well aware that today’s home hunters are looking for more than energy-sav­ ing features. That’s why these homes fully measure up to the standards the custom building firm set in other recent San Antonio neighborhoods. 
Handsomely rugged ex­ teriors of IOO per cent ma- 
Economizers in Briarwick 

 sonry with trim, planting areas, partitions for plant­ ing areas and various styles can be seen among these five homes alone. 
Inside can be seen excit­ ing, comfortable floor plans of three or four bedrooms and two baths. Color-coor­ dinated kitchen with lu­ minous lighting, countertop range, built-in oven, vented hood, disposer and dish­ washer is standard. All cooking facilities wear the dependable 
Magic ’ Chef brand name except one, the big bonus: a Litton M i­ crowave Oven! 
Other luxury features in­ clude a woodburning, all­ brick fireplace in a living room, carpeting through­ out, beamed cathedral ceiling, spacious master suite, baths with Venitian marble vanities of one piece and large two-car garages. 
Consider the outstanding 
Energy Efficient features 

BRAUN STATION EAST introduces ‘Energy Efficient Homes1 by Lo Mansion 

 as well as the luxury items so desirable and it means homes definitely for the fu­ ture which are available today. The very reasonable price range starts as low as 
$45,ooo! 
There is no better setting for these new homes than 
Braun Station East, where two tennis courts are being added to the recreational facilities of the club which already features a swim­ ming pool pavilion, a com­ petition-sized pool and a privacy fence enclosing the facilities within walking distance of these homes. 
Braun Station East is also 
Now is the tim e to purchase a new home and get maxim al sav­ ings at the same time. in Briarwick, Royal Crest is staging a new home close-out and offering 7% per cent VA financing on certain addresses with immediate closings. 
Limitation 
A limited number of new homes are being offered in this special close-out sale. 
These are IOO per cent masonry homes with en­ ergy-economizing features. 
The exclusive TotalWall 
Insulation System protects each home from the outside elements and insulates it most efficiently. 
Fodders Rotary Air Con­ ditioning is the most effi­ cient for this particular size home. A power attic vent eliminates heat from the attic automatically. 
All the windows arc dou­ ble glazed, preventing unnecessary energy escape and reflecting excess heat. 
Other new Briarw ick homes have the same en­ ergy-economizing features and are priced from $31,65o to $37,ooo 
Each Briarw ick home has alllhe luxuries you look for in a new home. Exq- 

 near numerous points of destination, including em­ ployment centers like UT- 
SA, USAA, South Texas 
Medical Center and the 
Methodist and Veterans 
Administration hospitals. 
Even Lackland and Kelly 
AFBs are just a short drive away. Major shopping faci­ lities are nearby in subur­ ban Loon Valley and along 
N.VV. Loop 41o. 
The area is reached most easily by exiting from NAV. 
Loop 41o onto Bandera 
Road and proceeding north of Leon Valley. Large signs mark the entrance to the community at Braun Road. uistte carpeting, profes­ sionally decorated interiors and kitchens with dish­ washers, disposers, ranges and vent hoods. 
Many have fireplaces, in­ door utility rooms, sunken living areas and garden kitchens. 
The setting is beautiful and serene, atop a hill over looking 
Northern 
Hills 
Country Club. Briarwick is away from the noise and congestion of the city living yet less than two minutes away from shopping centers. There arc no city taxes here. 

The children attend the 
North East District schools: 
Regency Elementary, the new Madison Middle and 
MacArthur High. 
See the energy econo­ mizers today in Briarwick. 
They arc open daily from 9 a m. until dark. 
On VA financing, no down payment and no clos­ ing costs are required. 
To reach 
Briarw ick. drive north of N E. Loop 41o on either Nacogdoches or 
Perrin-Beitel Roads to 
Thousand Oaks Drive and turn left. Proceed to Wet­ more Road, turn right and then follow the curve to the left and the signs to Briar­ wick. 

CLAM M ED DUNLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C L A SSIC O DISPLAY 

Quality Homes in a Country 
Community 
From 
55,ooo 
651-6237 

LAbSHAW MILLER 

Development Co.. Inc. 

Petroleum 
Commerce 
Building 

OFFICE 
SPACE 

Adjacent to the San Antonio River 
STREET FLOOR OFFICES A N D UPSTAIRS OFFICES AVAILABLE 
2o1 N. ST. M A R Y ’S ST. 

• LOCATION — One Half block from Son Antonio’s 1oo% corner location — 
Houston St. and North St. M ary's St. Surrounded and boarded on two sides by the picturesque and gorgeously landscaped San Antonio River. 

• FREE P A R K IN G — The most desirable parking arrangement existing in San An­ tonio. Attached parking garage provides free parking whereby tenants park own cars in specifically assigned parking spaces and walk directly into building from floor where car is located. 

• RENTAL RATES — Very reasonable. 

• OFFICE A N D C O RRID O RS — Plush modern offices built to tenant s spe­ cifications. Building has been cited nationally for unusual and uniquely designed 

 office entrances. Corridors have been newly remodeled including all carpeted hallways. 

• FEATURES OR SU R R O U N D IN G AREA — Providing quick access to new restaurants along the river. Building located on Riverwalk Across street from new 
La Mansion Hotel. 
In hub of dow ntow n shopping and restaurant district. 

• SKYLOUNGE skyline 
Offers Coffee Shop Food facilities with view of San Antonio 

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: 

PHONE: CARL M . STEPHAN c /o CARL'S 
221 la st Houston Street 
PHONE: 226-62o1 

CLASSIFIED DI SALAY 
CLASSIFIED OUTLAY 
CLASSIFIED DI SF LAY 

Number One in Energy Efficiency 

A Solution to the problem of rising fuel costs in housing 

ENERGY 
EFFICIENT 
HOME 

A solution to the problem oI rising fuel costs in housing 

M M R 

Central air conditioning and heating engineered on the job for each house 
— not oversized. 

Cross 
Ventilation 

When you see this sign dis­ 

 played in front of one of our 

 homes, it means we meet the 

 standards set by O w ens/Corn­ 

 ing as an 

‘ energy” 

 efficient home. 

There is no plumbing in the exterior walls; all insulation is solid. 

Fiberglas insulation rated R-26 in ceilings and R-l 3 in walls, both with vapor barriers. 

Insulated Steel 
Entry Systems 

• full I 'A'* thym ol break 

• 
E*clu»ivt corner seat* 

• Triple lea l bottom weather linp. 

• Thermal break veal 

DB LITTON 
Microwave Cooking 

HAtumno y y 
MAGIC CHEF 

All cooking facilities wear 

 the dependable M agic Chef 

 brand name except one, 

 big bonus; 
A 
Litton 

Microwave oven standard 

 in all homes. 

These Five Homes ranging from $ 4 6 ,o o o to $ 5 2 ,o o o will be available for in­ spection this weekend from 
IO am till dark on W ick­ e rh a m in 
Braun 
Station 
East. 
684-3333 
3814 
La Mansion Homes, Inc! 
>W .J. McCarthy Jr. & Sons Inc. 

- « ■' rn 

‘Nature’s romance’ captured in homes built in Oak Creek 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

 rLiSStrliDW SPOY 

EASY TO GET TO ... EASY TO LIVE IN. 

SAN ANTONIO S 

FINEST 
NORTHWEST 
SUBDIVISION 

•J 

$ 3 3 ,o o o to $ 4 o ,o o o 
8 % V A - FHA 
C onventional 
Loans A vailab le 

...the kind of community people stay in. 

• 3 S 4 bedroom horner • Frigidaire appliances 

• Friedrich control heat & air 

Oak Creek, a gen­ uine Hill Country de­ velopment by Home­ craft. Corp., w ill be showing new homes well befitting native oak trees and moun­ tain laurels that cap­ ture the whole romance of nature. 
Another com m unity pro- fessionally planned by Ho- mecraft, Oak Creek, one of the f i r m ’ s more recent neighborhoods, stands out as a prim e example of its lengthy experience in deve­ lo pin g c o m m u n itie s for modern living and lasting values 
Conveniences 
In choosing the serene setting for Oak Creek. Ho­ m ecraft was sure to p re ­ serve Mother Nature’s own 

^ 'v . ' c 
«•< s-W'-'vt. 
" "i m 
* ; 
’■.•vs' ■ 

OAK CREEK houses featured by Homecraft Corp. in four models 

 creations in a way uh u h allo w s all c ity conven­ iences. R e s u ltin g ly . Oak 
Creek boasts fu lly paved, curbed streets, all city u ti­ lities and sidewalks 
When H o m e cra ft c o m ­ menced developing in San 
Antonio about three years ago, it was quick to estab bsh a reputation for pro fessionnllv planning com m u n itp ’s. Oak Creek c e r­ tainly is no exception, as all visitors tins weekend w ill see lor themselves 
They also w ill see four fully furnished, profession a lly decorated model homes Homecraft has dis played in the lovely neigh borhood since it firs t opened. 
The models highlighting 
Oak Creek serve as line e xa m p les of the q u a lity 

 houses Homecraft builds 
Because the building/deve loping firm plans to build luxury homes on the area’s 
:;im) acres of wooded cie g a n ce , special extras are offered among the homes now show ing in the p ro ­ mising neighborhood 

Af some p o in ts in build lug, buyers in Oak Creek can have a number of (Iii fe re ut choices for th e ir homes’ interiors. I hey can select colors and patterns for vim I wallcoverings, co­ lors aud Kinds of carpeting to cover all but baths, kit 
( liens and breakfast areas and either gas or electric ranges as part of the pack ago of lim it ins for k i t ­ chens 

Standard luxury features for Oak Creek homes i n ­ 

 clude items as desirable as all brick, handcrafted fire places, automat ie garage door openers, large storage rooms and marbletop v an 
It U‘s 
Some Oak Creek homes have w et b a rs, sloped ceilings iii fa m ily and l iv ­ ing areas, as w ell as iii master suites, aud finished two ear garages ('itlier sc parated or w ith a re a r c o in 
Oak (reek is outside any city lim its and served by the Northside School Dis t r io t 
As well, it has good proximity to major destin­ ation points 11 kl- USA A, 
I IS \ , Southwest Research 
Institute, South Texas Me 
(heal ( cuter and Kejlv aud 
I a<H and AI ’Us 
T hree d iffe re n t routes can be taken to t )ak ( reek 

One is to exit from \ VV 
Lamp HO onto Bandera 
Road, turn west onto Gris sum Road and continue to 
( ijlebra Road, vv here a turn north leads to N VV 
PM pill I There a left turn leads to ( lak ( reek, marked by a b e a u tifu l fo u n ta in en- traneeway w ith signs that lead to the m odel home park 

Another is to exit onto 
Culebra Road from N VV lo o p im and drive north to 
Pot im nco Road, on w hich von continue north to N VV 
I ’M biol There a right turn leads to the Oak Creek en trance 

 f'he other is to s im p ly t.ik*' the Hwy till VV 
U,.\ pi ( ssvv ay to N VV I ’M RHM, where -I right turn leads lo 
Oak Creek 
Red C arpet names new m an ager 

Norm Mousily bas boon named sales manager of tho Hod 
Carpet Realtors office at 81o7 Roughnder in 
Windcrest. 
The announcement was made by George Tucker, general manager of the <>l 

O A W ir ifp n i m a y riAssmtp simAY 
Cia Smmio tmPiAv 

Hoi!' 

IF PEACE OF M IND IS YOUR 
NEW YEARS RESOLUTION DON'T 
LOSE IT TO YOUR LANDLORD... 

BANK IT! 

 with a FREEDOM FIVE 

 by MORTON/SOUTHWEST 

 patio 
& 

Included in the price of your new Freedom Home is 
♦hick shag carpeting in the Master suite, living room, and hallways; wood burning fireplaces (rn most designs); pantries in every kitchen and much much more and thanks to 
E.S P. 
(Morton/Southwest's exclusive 
Energy 
Saving 
Package) you’ll save money on utility bills as you en|oy all the comforts of efficient Friedrich central heat & air, 
□ MORE Living Space 
□ MORE Value 
□ LESS Energy Cost 

A rm strong flooring 

NO PAYMENT 
’TIL APRIL 

8% VA FINANCING 
NOTHING DOW N VA 
FHA & CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING AVAILABLE 

 tom kit 

-bi 

— - r - mbr 

 gar 

 din 

Jb= 

 b2 

 bv J 

_ HL. porch 

 br 3 

 br 2 

 rtf 

F R E E D O M r iV F 
* 2 9 / 9 7 5 

T A L L E Y FO H G E 
655-5931 

-3 C I M A R R O N K- r * 
658-4793 
^LA K ESID E 

648-3491 

 freedom Homes ore in 
Volley forge, lakeside, and 
(immorron. These ore great 
Morton/Southwest neighborhoods strategically located and professionally planned so that your home is most likely to appreciate in value Quiet environments, close to where you work and shop, and each is in a quality school district. 

MODELS OPEN 
DAILY ‘TIL DUSK 

'Prices of homes may vary according 

 to neighborhood and location. 
By Morton/Southwest 

W rite : P.O. Box 1 8 4 3 8 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 8 6 

Retiree i’v , .rn A ir F o r m ro ti roo, spoilt Ills se rv ile years in such places as 
Alaska, lh*' Azores. Spam and Germany When In* was assigned to San Antonio iii infill, however, lie and Ins vs lie decided to ) ct ll r herr' 
Hnuslcy I Isl *'(1 tin' Ii lendly people aud beaut if ul i Ii mate as fat tors iii making the select inn 
H nuslcy and his w ife 
Trudy, who teaches fourth grade at Rose Garden Elf* menfary School, live with two of their three -arils a' 
321 b Langley st iii I ’m versal * ity The Houslevs are natives o| Gurney. Ill and attended Illinois State 
I m versity M rs 
Hoijsley holds a M aster s Degree from the U niversity of ll hums. 

The R o u g h n d e r office. one of l l in d e p e n d e n tly owned ami operated Red 
Carpet offices in the city, specializes iii residential property in the VV mderest and northeastern San A n ­ tonio areas There are more than TIKI Red Carpet Inca t ions coast to coast 

C t A S i i m o o i s p i a v 

The Antonian, with beautiful French architecture, quiet friendly atmosphere and lovely courtyards. Furnished Ef­ ficiency Apartments from $ 1 4 5 , with a plush party room and three pools. Excellent location, convenient to shop­ ping areas. Come visit us this weekend. 
The 

 briton ia n 

.TUTU I- re *!*-ric k -b u r f* K o .n l 

IM 
7 T 2 -U U 1 I 

IfFStyUby 
D I UH INVESTORS 

I CHEEK, 

Northwest San Antonio’s First Community 

CONTACT OUR SALES 

CONSULTANT FOR DETAILS 

• 
—J ionic SWOMC to... 
TWIN CHEEK 

^ 5H S E 

Open Daily 9 -9 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 1 977 
New Garrett series introduced in area of ‘blossoming’ value 

The north c e n tra l San 
Antonio area Blossom Hills will feature a special home show this weekend. 
T his n eighborhood is w here hom e valu es a re 
“ blossoming.” A recently completed housing series here will add to the full bloom, too. 

Variety 

The latest feature in Blos­ som Hills is th e Cia r ret I 
B rothers Aeries of three-, tour- and five-bedroom homes in one- and two-story plans. 
These new ho m es a re being introduced in a price ran g e m ost re a s o n a b le , from as low as $58,9oo to 
NAHB honors 
Pisano 

D om inick P isa n o has been named to receive a 
N ational A ssociation of 
Home B uilders p resid en ­ tial award, to be presented at the n a tio n a l conven- tion-exposition in January. 
Pisano is executive vice president of the G reater 
San Antonio Builders As­ sociation. 
Pisano's winning entry was a detailed explanation of Image 7o, the local as­ sociation's planning tool designed to include the participation of the total m e m b e rsh ip th ro u g h a grass roots effort 
P isan o has been* p r e ­ viously recognized with 
Selden Hale Grand Awards iii 1972 and 1974. and a presidential award in 1975 

 only $77,9oo. The la rg e r, two-story homes in the up­ per p rice b ra c k e t m o re than justify their costs, too. 
In fact, they are great b ar­ gains by fe a tu rin g m o re frill and m ore scpiarc foo­ tage to give buyers a “ Int of home for their money” ! 
Privacy homes also are offered in Blossom Hills by 
G a rre tt B ro th e rs. T h ese strikingly designed homes are nam ed a fte r privacy fences s u rro u n d in g both the front and back yards. 
The locally fam ous p r i­ vacy homes offer, as extras q u ite a ffo rd a b le , lu x u ry fe a tu re s found now here else in San Antonio at a si­ m ilar price. 
Their spacious plans suit 

 various lifestyles. Each has two baths and either two or th re e b ed ro o m s. 
The uniqueness of these privacy hom es m ak es them ideal for young pro fessio n als. 
Only minimal maintenance is re q u ire d , no m onthly fees. 

B lossom H ills, placed well in north central San 
Antonio just A-, mile from the North Expressway (III 
37), offer a lot for today’s home hunters. 
The community is extre­ mely versatile, with differ­ ent builders stressing dif­ ferent architectural styles, ranging from the most tra­ ditional to the ultramodern 
— all with custom quality! 

Blossom Hills is within walking distance of Coker 
Elementary School and has 
North East School District bus service to a high school and middle school. 
Convenient shopping is five minutes away at North 
S tar and C e n tral P a rk 
Malls; 15 at Windsor Park 
Mall and 
W o n d erlan d 
Shopping City. Even down­ town is convenient via the new North Expressway now nearly complete. 
The c o m m u n ity is reached most easily by ex­ iting from NAV. Loop 41o to 
San Pedro Avenue, going n o rth , tu rn in g ea st onto 
B itte rs Road and gotng n o rth again on Ile im e r 
Road 

CAMELOT hom es m odeled by R oy Ellison this w eekend 
Camelot area stars, dollar for dollar, in quality of homes 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

B L O S S O M HILLS will introduce a new series of homes this weekend, as Garrett Brothers re­ cently completed sever­ al luxury houses for modern families. 
J 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

It’s often been said that Hay Ellison’s Ca­ melot offers something for everyone. Indeed, 

 few neighborhoods can come closer than Ca­ melot to fitting that description. 
Located in San Antonio’s desirable northeastern a r ­ ea. C am elot is s itu ate d midway between Fort Sam 
Houston and 
R andolph 
A FB , m a k in g the n e ig h ­ borhood the ideal choice for military families. 
Shopping ar file beautiful 

DOMINICK PISANO 

 areas 
T he 'b e a u t i f u l new 
Windsor Park Mall is just minutes away. This gigan­ tic shopping complex and other smaller shopping a r­ eas nearby put nearly every kind of store and service a 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

January 1977 Son Antonio Schedule 
1o1 
Basic 
Jan. 3 1 8 
8 Night 
1o1 
Basic 
Jan. 3- 7 
5 Day 
2o1 
Principles 
Jan. 1o-14 
5 Day 
1o1 
Basic 
Jan. 15-23 
Weekend 
3o1 
Practice 
Jan. 17-21 
5 Days 
4o1 
Management 
Jan. 22 3o 
Weekend 
1o1 
Basic 
Jon. 24-28 
5 Days 
2o1 
Principles 
Jan. 29-Feb. 6 
Weekend 
2o1 
Principles 
Jan. 31 -Feb. 4 
5 Days 
For Free Catalog Call 736-2o75 
American Col lese 

DO I ASMI / SAM AMOAH) ll IAS )»7 I? (SI?) lib Iblb 

 short drive away. 
Easy access to N E Loop 
41o and N .E . Il l 35 ex ­ p re ssw a y s pro v id es convenient routes to other 
North Side and downtown shopping and business dis­ tricts. 
Preferred school districts serv e the C am elo t area. 
Recreational facilities and ch u rch es nearby provide important centers of family activities within the im m e­ diate area. 
Ray Ellison's new homes in C am elot also provide joyful family living. Con­ v enience is ev ery w h ere. 
E very hom e fe a tu re s a built-in e le c tric kitch en with ran g e , vent, d is h ­ w asher and g arb a g e d is­ poser. 
Central heat and air con­ ditioning provide com fort tin* year around. And en ­ ergy-saving features help save you money on utility costs. 
Many decorator touches a re a v a ila b le , in clu d in g w o o d b u rn in g fire p la ce s, cathedral ceilings and high quality Armstrong floor co­ verings and carpeting 
The homes are finished in beautiful brick and native stone, co m p lem en te d by outdoor patios, professional landscaping and fencing. 
A wide variety of prices is av a ila b le in C am elot, with new homes starting in the high $2os No city taxes means lower monthly payments, and, if you buy now, there are no monthly payments until April 
Drive out to Camelot to­ day Take N E. Ill 35 to the 
W alzem Road exit, drive east on Walzem. 

 classified display 

Just Completed 

NEW HOMES 
3-4-5-BEDROOMS 
OKE AMD TWO STORY 
*58,9oo to *77,9oo mpssmt 

N E W G A R D E N HOMES 
OME & TWO STORY SOME 
WITH WET BARS 
$46,9oo to $52,9oo 
(NO MONTHLY ASSESSMENT) 

YOU GET A BEAUTIFUL PRIVATELY WALLED HOME 
THAT MAKES THE MOST OF YOUR LAND AND WASTES 
THE LEAST OF YOUR DOLLAR. 

OPEN 

STA N D A R D FE ITL RES: 
]();oq JIl^DUSK 
• Luxury an d P rivacy • Fireplaces anti Wet 
Pars • E nergy-sating materials • Superb 
9 Q * 7 7 
Northeast Schools • Convenient Shopping • 
S i t 
Lu o a n d three bedrooms. 
S S O M 

< i > 

 c l a s s i f ie d d i s p l a y 

 i f o j 
5 
$ s' 
Oms 
\ 
J 

 tearoom 

 o 
(Odor lo living 
Room Balow I 

U PPER 

. . J _ 
L 

KUC**OFI 

H jto h A jtu a 
A* 
X 
. 

o . 1 n j 

OinlfVQ 

- 

LIY)Fig Room 
I —""'" 

 fit apiol* 
***- ****** 

■MS* 
_ 
? j 

It’s Your Life 
Live it up, or downstairs, or both. 

We have one bedroom studios and flats designed to make it easy for you to live just the way you like. Our glamorous studios feature a living area downstairs with a woodburning fireplace tor chilly nights, and a loft bedroom overlooking all. The flats give equal importance to living and sleeping rooms, plus a separate dining room and a large walk-in closet. 
Whichever you choose, you'll enjoy the unique Woodhill lifestyle — a way to get away without leaving home. There's lots of fresh air . , quiet nights, three pools, tennis courts, and two clubhouses. 
Plus,W oodhull location makes it easily accessible to almost anywhere: it s only one minute from 1-1o, three to neighborhood shopping at Colonies 
North, five to malls like 
Northstar, and 3o from 
Medina and Canyon lakes. 

 flan $19o Studio* $221. All kiln pmd. Loom naw and a i an a m a tawYtaloma wall hold your aport mon! f o r * 

Open 'til dusk 

LO W ER 

 it far M day*. 
W O O D H il! 
APARTMENTS 
49o9 Woodstone Drive. 69o-17oo 

■ 
SCHAEFER 
THE OHLY BUILDER 
^■LAKESIDE? 

N 

 o. But he’s the one you waul to talk to. You may 

 not have known it. But there are two builders in Lake­ side. Schaefer is the one who puts the most quality into his houses. 
And who's planning to keep the community a viable pan of San 
Antonio tor a long, long time 
The only problem is, ii you want to see a Schaefer home iii 
Lakeside, you may have to look a little harder. We're going to tell you why it’s worth your while 

Schaefer builds better homes. 
When we build a Schaefer home, we do a lot of little things that you can’t see atter the house is finished. 
For example, we use solid copper wire instead of aluminum. We engineer our foundations to con­ form lo the soil conditions you tmd in Lakeside. 

And we do other things that don't just work better. They look better. Every Schaefer home in 
Lakeside has its own privacy fence. 
Our bathroom tile is ceramic, and laid entirely by hand. And our cabinets are furniture-finished oak. 
After all, you learn a lot about what people want I rom a home when you’ve been building them for 2o years. 

W 

 hat about energy efficiency? When you buy a Schaefer home iii Lake­ side, you can be sure your heating and cooling bills won’t eat you alive. Because we design the air conditioning system that goes in your home especially for your home. We add extra attic ventila­ tion. And we place windows where they'll do the most good and the least harm. 

Is Schaefer the only builder in 
Lakeside? No. But we think there’s just one builder you’ll be interested in. That’s Schaefer. Lakeside. 
Homes from $3o,ooo. 648-1221. 

Building Homes You’ll Want 
To Come Home To. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 9 7 7 

FREEDOM HOMES, an innovative, affordable series of new houses built by 
M orton 
/ 
Southwest, will be fea­ tured in Valley Forge, 
Cimarron and Lakeside. 
Freedom Homes 
‘resolve’ ideals 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLA Y 

PLAN #231 

1 3 4 1 8 
Lacewood 
LANDSCAPED CORNER 

Beautiful new home in Woodstone on landscaped corner lot. 3 / 2 / 2 all brick. Deluxe electric kitchen. Other features include central heat and air. Tremendous value at only $ 3 4 ,9 5 o . In Northeast San Antonio location. ' floMECRffi£> a t 

OUR MOST AFFORDABLE HOMES 
: • 
MEAN TOP QUALITY FOR YOUR MONEY! 
I FFF Ap 

I X 
T 
★ 
1 o o % BRICK HOMES WITH HANDCRAFTED 
★ 
LARGE LOTS WITH TREES! 

INTERIORS. 

IOOP I aaa 

JUDSON RD 

COOP 4 1 o 

* 
* . 
★ 
ENERGY SAVING "S N U G 
H O M E " WITH 

* 
T 
EXTRA 

INSULATION, SOLAR GREY WINDOWS, ETC. 

' k 
SWIM CLUB & COMMUNITY SCHOOL (UNDER 

CONSTRUCTION) 
656-5474 OPEN DAILY 9-9 

£1111# ll !ir=l (tm * ii# Iii iW iA H MMAiili 

 the excitem ent of comfortable fam ily rooms. 

RELISH the satisfaction of precision cabinetry 

"w * 
W w rn 
4k 
...rf.—.... 

The critics are raving! Fantastic! Sensational! Delightful! A real work of art! 
The consensus is the same al! over town - Oak Hollow Estates continues to be the best new home buy in San Antonio today. 
The public has asked for it and Sitterle & Companies has delivered a home value package that can’t 

 be beat! 

Fora personal viewing of the 
Oak Hollow Estates story drive 

 out San Pedro to Brookhollow 

 to fabulous Oak Hollow 

Estates. . . marketed exclusively 

 by Deame Owens Co., Realtors. 

Call 494-6842 or 349-5115 

Now Y ear s re so lu ­ tions yon made proba­ bly are to ben efit yourself or others close to you. 
Many of these self-made promises are made to help you en jo y p e a c e of m in d throughout the new year. 
‘Freedom’ 
One sure way to have that sought-after peace of mind is to live in a comfortable home you ’ve bought as both a desirable residence and a sound investment of value t h a t e a u o n ly i n c r e a s e throughout the new year. It also lets you enjqy n u m e r­ ous tax advantages the fol­ lowing year. 
I f s a sure way. all right. 
In fact, it’s “ freedom from rent." 
Freed om Homes by Mor­ ton / Southwest comprise a series of bouses for couples or you ng families looking for inst that ’ 
Morton / Southwest lias drawn designs from ingen­ ious floor plans which have revolutionized the m a r k e t for new homes by mak ing them more affordable and more useful squ ar e foot In s q u a r e foot. T r a f f i c p a t ­ terns are ideal. 
Iii th is w ay, th o s e w ho ha ve had to rent actually 

 s a c r if i c e n o th i n g w h a t s o ­ e v e r w h e n t h e y b uy a n d move into a new Freed o m 
Home by Morton / S o u th ­ west. In fact, they gain all they’ve ever wanted! 
F ree d o m Homes feature the frill m o d e r n fa m il ie s have c o m e to expect in a new home. This, indeed, is just one of the m a n y r e a ­ sons Freed om Homes have b e c o m e so p o p u l a r s i n c e th e i r i n t r o d u c t io n in San 
Antonio. 
Their three- and lour-bed- room plans include two com plete b ath s and oth er items generally sought by home buyers today. All tins is figured into an a t t r a c t i­ vely affordable package iii a price r a n g e s t a r ti n g as low as 5S’J7.(MHI 
P a n tr y kitchens fe ature the right kind of appliances to lessen the workload for today’s h o m e m a k e r. Dish­ washers. disposers, ranee s w it Ii hoods an d a b u n d a n t c a b i n e t r y a r e p r o v i d e d a m o n g F r e e d o m H o m e s , an d a p p l i a n c e s w e a r tin' reliable Magic ( bel brand name. 
O t h e r e x t r a s M o r to n / 
Southwest has mad e avail­ able in the 
Freedom 
H omes se rie s a re wall-to- w all closets w it Ii s t o r a g e space extending all the way to the ceiling and slid ing 

 doors of panel designs, fin­ ished two-car g ara g e s , u ti­ lity and work areas, patios led to by s l i d i n g glass* doors, clever blends of m a ­ s o n r y and wood for striking exteriors, c a rp e t in g of the b u y e r s ’ ch o ice of c o lo rs, efficient F rie d ric h centr al air and heat s y s te m s and, in most, fireplaces. 
Freed om Homes a rc fea­ tured in Lakeside , Valley 
Forge and Cimarron. They are modeled in each area. 
Valley F o rg e, w h e re s e ­ veral m o d e ls of F r e e d o m 
Homes are showing, is inst w est of N L. 
Ill 35 off 
O ’Connor Road and east of 
N a c o g d o c h e s Hoad . T h is 
Morton / Southwest d e v e ­ lopment lias its own swim club, tennis courts aud ho- meovvliers association. 

Cimarron is east of N.F. 
Ill Ti. so u th of N . F . I'M 
I HIH and east of Kitty Hawk 
Drive. Residents here have access to a sw im m ing pool, 
Scout hut aud playground, all nearby. 

Lakeside*, south of S F . 
Loup 41o and off ICS Hwy. 
87, is o u ts id e any city li­ mits This ((immunity jives up to its na m e by yielding a beaut iful lake for fi sh in g and belating, a co m m unit y p a r k a r e a by it, t e n n i s courts and sw im m ing pool. 

O A K H O LLO W ESTATES o ffe rs h o m es b y D e o n ie O w e n s 
Oak Hollow Estates offers trees 

In the vicinity of San 
Pedro Hills is another, more recent neighbor­ hood with a d istin c ti­ vely different name. 
I f s c a l l e d O a k Hollow 
Estates, an environ­ m e n ta lly p la n ned r e s i d e n ­ tial c o m m u n it y w h e re the buyer gets much more than just the standard fare found in today's average home. 

Tree-shaded 
H o m e s h ere a r e located on spacious, shaded tracts w ith b e a u t i f u l , old t r e e s p r e s e r v e d by th e 
O a k 
Hollow E sta t e s dev elope r, 
Sitterle Properties. 
The natural surroundings of Oak Hollow Estates offer a u n i q u e a t m o s p h e r e of country living, although the co mmun ity is placed close to m a j o r m a l ls and o th e r shopping are as of the north central San Antonio vicini­ ty. 
The lovely, th rec-b ed ­ room. four-bedroom and even fi ve-bedrooni h o m e s in Oak Hollow Estates have m a n y c u s t o m - b u i l t f e a ­ tures. Marketed by Deame 
Owens Co., the homes oiler f i r e p l a c e s , p a t i o s , c e d a r roofs, family rooms and a r e v o l u t i o n a r y i n s u l a t i o n sy ste m that conserves e n ­ er g y and s a v e s m o n e y as well. 
Wood s h in g le roofs will o u tla st th e u s u a l roof on h om es in the su rp ris in g ly m oderate price range. To- tulWall insulation also pro­ vides energy savings. Attle s p a c e is filled with eight inches of biown-in in s u la ­ tion. 
P a t i o s , s i d e w a l k s a n d d r i v e w a y s h a v e a p e b b le co ncrete finish. To fit a r ­ ound the trees, m a n y patios are of free form. 
Homes are designed with five bedrooms and two full b a t h s to t h r e e b e d r o o m s and I 12 baths, and all have linen and h a m p e r space in bathrooms. Handy, built-in c ab in e ts line the walls iii the large utility rooms. 
Several homes have wet bars behind louvered doors. 
B u il t- in b o o k c a s e s a r e a feature of many. Kitchens a r e a delig h t. Most have 

CLASSIFItO DUAL AY 

 cou ntertop ra n g e s , double o v e n s , d i s h w a s h e r s a n d disposers. 
Many of the homes have b e a m e d c e ilin g s . Clo sets a r e e x c e p t i o n a l l y l a r g e . 
Wood p a n e li n g an d sh eet rock, in striking c o m b i n a ­ tions, a r e u s e d to fi n is h tw o -c a r g a r a g e s , s o m e oversized. In g a r a g e s can be found pul I down s t a i r ­ ways which lead to attics. 
Oak Hollow Estates resi­ dents have the use of Sha­ dow Cliff Swim Club. Good shopping iii the im m ediate 

CLASSIFItO DISPLAY 

 vicinity is at the Hrookhol- low Shopping Center. 
F a m i l i e s wi t h c h i l d r e n will be glad to know Oak 
Hollow Estates is within the h i g h l y - r a t e d N o r t h E a s t 
School District. 
M o d e ls a r e o p e n hen* from IO a.tic until dark. 
O ak Hollow E s t a t e s Is r e a c h e d m o s t e a s i l y b y driving four miles north of 
NAV Loop 41(1 via San P e ­ dro Avenue, t u r n in g ri ght at B ro o k h o ll o w S h o p p i n g 
( e n t e r a n d f o l lo w in g 
B r o o k h o l l o w Drive. 

CLA SM F IID DISP LA Y 

RENT? 

YOU SAY THERE IS NO SUCH THING? 

 lf we could show those of you that rent, how many people are able to live in a larger, m ore com fortable hom e for free — would you be interested? Find out for yourself how they are able to do just this! T ake a few m inutes of your tim e and sit down with one of our staff and learn how new hom o o w ner­ ship may benefit you. W ith the use of tax sa v in g s , a p p re c ia tio n , in c re a s e d h o u sin g costs and inflation, we can show you how many people are losing m oney by paying rent. 
See for yourself how other people use bor­ ro w e d m o n e y to m a k e m o n e y . E n o u g h m oney that it is possible for many of them to live rent free. Or at least with a substan­ tial savings. 
C om e out today and see how other people do this — then check with your personal financial advisor to see how hom e ow ner­ ship may benefit you, 

THE PATIO HOMES OF ROYAL RIDGE 

Drive out IH 35 north from loop 41o. exit fight on o Connor, go three blocks, and turn 
- rigitit'on Royal Ridge Dr Follow Model 
Home signs to Furnished Models 

W INDCREST DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
R o y a l 
Ridge 
655-2386 
Open Daily 1o a rn -6 p m. 

A i 
A i t . 
I i i 

. 
W T r r t t T r i T - 
EL MADRID 

APARTMENTS 

A vailable N ow — All Bills Paid! 

I Bedroom 
$18o 

I Bedroom W ith Fireplace 
$19o 

2 Bedroom 2 Bath w / Fireplace 
$235 

2 Bedroom 2 Bath w /Fireplace 
$23o 

Office Hours 
Weekdays — 9 to 5 
Sunday — I to 5 
Superb location 
Quiet, friendly atmosphere 
696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

San Antonio EXPRESS- N EW S— Sunday January 9 I977 

APARTMENTS U N THIS PAGE ARE 
SH O W N IN THEIR APPROX. LOCATIONS 
TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THI TRETS 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM-IO 
ADULT i FAMILY 
SECTIONS 

69o-17oo 
A 9o9 WOODSTOCK 

NOETH * M \tO * 

WAlMM 

HOUSTON st 

AQUTHCtOssltVt) 

226-8492 

o 
. />^nu 'r - \ 
Sundance 
4615 GARDINO Att* ) 
69o-832o 
.-CHANGING CO NCEPTS'IN ' 
.o 
' ADULT LIVING ' 
-V 

■-i' I U«H & UNI kn l 
/IDEAL 
COUPLES 
1 
ANO S T A N IS 

4U EVEREST 
828-533o 

V-* HIO WIG 

A PA R T M EN T S 

Separate Adult family Sections 
Washer & Dryer • 
Connortinm 

Unfurnished 

344-9771 
35o1 Pin Oak Drivt 

9 EL MADRID 

A P A R T M E N T S 

Fireplaces 
“Complete" All felectri' Li*rhens 

• Washer-Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

696-2846 
6111 Vonce Jackson 

O COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTM ENTS 

A u ideal location 
N ext to T u rtle C re e k 
(r o ll C o u rse 
696*7o 111 
863o Fairhaven Drive 

® The Heritage 

Apartments 

I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 
1543 Babcock 
341-2228 

I & 2 Bd. Apts. 
From *165 

With Ideal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

All Bills Paid 

1o7o7 IN lOWest 

% e s t 
I 
APARTMENTS 

69o-ooo1 

L*A T R IU M S O F 
C 
INNAM ON 

6 " ^ 

9 2 1 4 O a r T D r o o k D rive 
6 9 6 -o 1 46 

4 
Twin Creek established as leader 

Designs to reign 

This is th e I Oth in a 1 3 -p o rt s e rie s su b m itte d to 
The G o ld e n T w in s b y th e T e x a s R e a l E sta te R e ­ se a rch C e n te r (T R IR C ) a t T e x a s A A M U n iv e rsity . 
T h e se a rtic le s a r e a p p e a r in g in th e S u n d a y Ex * p r e s s - N e w s re a l e s ta te se ctio n s. 
In the year 1985, Texans will be purchas­ ing homes with architectural solutions to the problems created by their lifestyle and the economy. 
According lo “ Texas Heal Estate — 1985," a report frum the Texas Heal Estate Research Center 
(TH EBO ) at Texas AAM University, construction changes will emphasize the conservation of energy. 
Heavier insulation 

Quality will manifest itself iii the use of heavier insulation and orientation of the homes on lots to use the sun. shade and other natural factors more el'fi- eently. 
Homes will have fewer windows in 1985, and those wkjch do exist will be double glazed and placed with cflre Storm windows and doors to use natural heating and cooling more efficiently will be commonplace 
Buildings will tend to be more cube-shaped, and double roofs and wide overhangs on the south will be u$ed extensively. Fluorescent lighting arid individual room temperature controls are likely to be used fre­ quently in construction, predicts TRERC. 
“ Solar heating and cooling technology will be avai­ lable, but it remains to be seen if. by 1985, the cost can be reduced within the range of most pocket books.’* say the real estate researchers. “ Builders and de­ velopers will find themselves using new building codes which require energy conservation features in new structures.’’ 
The TRERC study notes, “ The probability the ap­ plication of a major technological change which could 
»<slucc costs In the construction process prior to 1985 
Seems remote. Therefore, construction costs will tend 
Rise generally with the rise in labor and materials." 
* l^and costs will represent an increasing share of the 
Iota! expense, and lots will be noticeably smaller than they are today. 

;v v 
‘ii* 
NOB 
HIU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hilt Apartments off IH IO 

7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

FRENCH CHALE! 
165o JACKSON KELLER 

THE ULTIMATE APARTMENT 
CO M M UNITY 
344-4616 

TARA 

A N APARTMENT HO M E 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS N AM E 
CONTINENT LOCATION ANO U T H IT IH P A ID 
8o51 BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
828-7393 

• The 
BRIT 

LA PLAZA APTS. 
TENNIS W O R L D ’ 
I 
• lACOUm AU, MI A t IM AN O < v in U t C IU * 
• APOL* CMC FAMILY U t H O N * 
■ • 
AMO UMI UAM! VMI 6 A l A l IMIN’ 5 ami?** -Ain 
NOK HSX ST IC HOO t i HIO M l VKI 
MUI rn ii A l AMO < »MU«i M I * MAU AKA 
115 N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

LINDA APTS. 
235 H O W A R D o H I IO O N. M A IN 

I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk. Main Bank, Lubys, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 

W e Hic h o It* r Square* 
Apartment* 

I. 2, 3 bedroom apt*. 

( o n v riiic n l lo F u r l Sam aim) R an d o lp h 

I 111 Austin Hwy. 
828-11o3 

W VI FR 
SCAPED 
\P\RTMF\T' 

1946 N. L. Loop 41o 

LIFE Style by 
(Harry Wurzbath Exit) 
□ LIFE INVESTORS 
826-2355 

© 
Park Cotans . 
A p artm e nt Com m unity__ 

I V MONIfoWO SECURITY—GAIOEM PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS (LUB J OOM —GYM I SAUNAS 
• 
I 2 3 BDR 
I A 21 ATH 
J I 7o 27o (Furn Add) UTILITIES Pd 
2o11 BANDERA RD. 
434-419T 
• • tw a in Hillcr.it 4 Callaghan 
A aah B o h A partm .nt Community 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT C O M M U 
NHY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT­ 
YARD. HALF BLOCK OFF LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL. 
•6o7 JONES -MALTSBERGER 
341 -31 26 

Country Village 
Apartment* 

I, 2, !i b e d ro o m * 
St-nMbl** living fur f.inilu’- vt h o un dr Isla rid value from 2*1 19 
81 Ms Country \ Situp* 
828-5721 

® W indcrest Apartm ents 

636-o182 
8835 \\ illiman Way lurfir |>ri‘ ult patio*. I -on* ruins! lo W indoor 
I’iirk Mull. Kaudolpli ami Furl kain. 

Luxury Using iii V E . Sun Antonio 

POPLAR ST. APTS. 
314 POPLAR 

MID-r OWN CONVENIENCE 
226-8492 

® NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

PARK LIKE GROUNDS 
- 
- 
A il AMENITIES-UTIUTIES PD 
O N BUS WALK TO SHOPPING 
I ARGE 2 BDR -225. (Turn Add ) 
* SS1 
342-o191 

4o19 VANCE JACKSON AT LOOP 41o 
A Bab R ots A p artm ent C om m unity 

For the truth, 
ComDare 
1o362 Sahara unve, just east of San Pedro, north 
349-2617 
. o* LOOR 41o 

OFFICERS for I 977 have been elected by the 
San Antonio Board of Realtors. They are, left to right, Carl Nentwich, second vice p re sid e n t; 
Maurine Alexander, secretary; Loyd Wake­ field, first vice president; and Ray Ragsdill, 

 president. New Treasurer Bernard Kost is not pictured. An inaugural dinner-dance in their honor will be held Saturday evening at the 
Alzafar Temple Mystic Shrine. 

S. A. Board of Realtors to install 1977 officers 

Ray Ragsdill will be installed as president of Hic San Antonio 
Board of Realtors at an inaugural dinner 
- dance Saturday. 
The cocktail reception will begin at 7 p.m. in the 
Alzafar Shrine Temple and 

 w ill be followed, by dinner and dancing until I a rn. to the music of Mike Capetta’s orcheatra. 
Recognition 

Outgoing president 
George Leeah and other re­ tiring officers and directors will. be recognized. 
Reese Henry, president­ 

 elect of the Texas Associa­ tion of Realtors, will act as installing officer. 
Other officers to be in­ stalled include Loyd Wake­ field. first vice president; 
Carl Nentwich, second vice president; Bernard Kost, treasurer; and Maurine 
Alexander, secretary. 
Members of the board of 

 directors for 1977 are Clara 
Belle Cather. S. J. Davis, 
George 
Flood, 
Maxine 
Hammond. Don Johnson, 
Bob 
Jones, 
Richard 
Brougham Elaine Ludwig, 
Barbara MacManus, V ir­ ginia McDaniel, Jim m y 
Rice, Howard Tate, Kost, 
Leeah, Nentwich, Ragsdill and Ms. Alexander 

Professional plan­ ning by Homecraft 
Corp. has made Twin 
Creek one of the fastest growing communities in the San Antonio ar­ ea. 
Although slightly re­ moved from the 
San 
Antonio city limits. Twin 
Creek has the advantage of full city services. It is between Bandera and C’ule- bra roads off Grissom Road a mile north of NW Loop 
41o. 
Neighborhood streets ne­ cessitate slow traffic, and exteriors create a blend of colors and styles. It was all planned that way. 
The community features its own private clubhouse, fenced, lighted tennis courts, a swimming pool, wading pool, playground and clubhouse kitchen. 
Although surrounded by nature, Twin Creek also has a convenient location. In a setting where deer are seen running wild and city noises are never heard, 
Bandera Road is a mile away and Loop 41o one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek resi­ dents. 
Located in the Northside 
School district. Twin Creek is also close to UTSA, 
USAA, South Texas Medi­ cal Center. Southwest Re­ search Institute and Kelly and Lackland Air Force bases. 
Homecraft homos in 
Twin Creek have two baths, two-car garages and en­ ergy-saving IOO per cent masonry. 
Other features which cut utility bills are full insula­ tion in walls, 6 1/2-inch 

TW IN CREEK houses m odeled by Horn ceiling insulation, over-en­ gineered air conditioning and heating systems re­ quiring minimal use, and tight-fiitting doors and windows. 
Work-saving kitchens contain all-electric ap­ pliances, including Magic 
Chef range, continuous cleaning oven, built-in dou­ ble dishwasher, plus plenty of cabinet space planned for working convenience. 
Other features are handcrafted fireplaces, pa­ tios, room-finished two-car garages with overhead doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors. 
Homecraft houses in­ clude a choice of shag or sculptured nylon carpet in bedrooms and formal living and dining areas. Full cer­ amic tile baths have mar­ ble dressing vanities with mirrored walls, cabinets, vinyl flooring and choice of vinyl wallpaper. 

Twin Creek is most easily reached by driving north of 
NW Loop 41o on Bandera 
Road and turning west onto 
Grissom Road (F M 471). following signs leading ta­ ttle entranceway. More signs lead to the communi­ ty’s six furnished profes­ sionally decorated model homes. 

CLASSIFIED DI SAVAT 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Put yourself in our place... you’U never be sorry. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

B e a u t ifu l a p a rtm e n ts & fa u n h o u se s 
I a n d 2 b e d ro o m s s t a rlin g f r o m S IT O . C lu b h o u s e a n d 
P o o l. 
A n d w h e n w e're co m p le te ly fin is h e d , y o u 'll re a lly be g la d y o u 'r e in 
’ O u r P la c e . " T a lk w ith o a r le a s in g a g e n t f o r f u l l p a rtic u la r s a b o ut 
" O u r P la c e ". T h ey 're o n the p re m ise s d a ily . 
TEN W EST 
L 

Apartments 

69o-ooo1 

David Guenther gets promotion 

© 
NORTHEAST AREA 
Merritt <?laza 

Guenther joined Home­ craft in June, 1976 and was promoted to vice presi- dcnt-project manager of 
Oak Creek, a residential community in northwestern 
Bexar County. 
Former v. p. 

Prior to his joining Ho­ mecraft in June. 
1976, 
Guenther served as vice president of marketing for 
Garden Properties Inc. in 
Dothan, Ala. 

Homecraft’s Northwest 
San Antonio Division has three residential commun­ ities, including 
Twin 
Creek, a 57o-lot develop­ ment which has a sales volume, for the past three years, in excess of 111 mil­ lion. Oak Creek, a new 
56o 8-acre community which opened ill March. 
1976 and has a total of 247 lots in sections one and two; and Woodstone, which is located in northwestern 
San Antonio and has 2o5 lots. 

Homecraft Corp , one of the largest privately owned land developers and home builders in the U.S., has a total of 29 major residential communities under deve­ lopment in Texas and Lo­ uisiana. 

I 4 2 BDR. & T O W N H O U S E S 
Garden apts. with dean well kepi spacious grounds, polios, balconies, pool, wol.i to shop­ ping, features plus. 

Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
6 5 5 -7 1 2 2 

Homecraft Corp., the largest land developer and home builder in 
San 
Antonio, has named David John 
Guenther president of its Northwest San An­ tonio Division 

DAVID J. GUINTHER 

 y^PPDINT 

HOMESTYLt APARMFNT 
LIVING 
451 5 G a rd e n d ale 
6 9 1 - 1 o 4 4 

The 

• E t o n i a n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

7 32-9611 
Hu^NvesTORS 

I-2-3 
Bedrooms 

A P A R T M E N T S , 

Ltt Style by 
9 5 2 5 LORENE 
o UFI INVESTORS 
344-9888 

 f u s s e r 
Want 
Ads 
C A L L 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

H O U R S 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY 

A N N O U N C E M E N TS 

1 o d — E t n o n a li 
IO U — 
L A U an d F o u n d 
I IO — Sp e cial N o tice* 
I I 3 — P ro fe ssio n a l N o tk o * 
I I 4 — f ntertainrm ent A 
V a ca tio n G u id e 
111— lo d g e N o tice* 
I JO — Aid* A P ro p o s a ls 

I 2 2 — 
O M lc io l P u b lica tio n * 
I 3* — 
L o g o ! N o tic e * 

SEAL ESTATE 

 c s h o a l M o n o s 

[ ANNOUNCEMENTS 
^ ) 

 it lC U L HOTICTi 
C 
D C S ) C 

S M (Ja i N o n a s D © 

2o1 — 
R e a l ( s t o le N o tic e * 

2 o 2 — 
H o u t t i O p e n lu r 

In tp o c tio n 

2 O ft- - - P r o p e r ty O u t c l T o w n 

2 o o — 
C o n d o m in iu m * — 

T o w n h o u ie * 
2 o 8 — A p a r tm e n t* . D u p le x e s 
21 o — H o u t e » — N o r t h e a s t 
31 2 — M o u ta * — N o r t h w e s t 
21 4 — M o u s e * — 
S o u th e a s t 
2 1 6 — H o u s e s - S o u t h w e s t 
2 1 o — H o u s e s M o v e d a n d 
W r e c k e d 
2 2 o — H o u s e s to r T ro d e 
2 2 2 — M is c e lla n e o u s 
R e a l E s to te 
2 2 4 — H o u s e s . S o le o r R e n t 
2 3 6 — S u b u r b a n P r o p e r t y 
— A cre a g e 

3 2 R — R e s o rt P r o p e r t ie s 

3 3 o — Lots 

2 3 2 — 
F o rm s a n d R a n c h e s 

2 3 4 — 
F o rm s a n d R a n c h e s lo r 
R e n t 

3 3 6 — 
C o m m e r c ia l P r o p e r t y 
— S o le 

2 3 8 — 
C o m m e r c ia l P r o p e r ty 

(Le a s e) 

2 4 o — 
C o m m e r c ia l P r o p e r t y 

( W o n te d ) 

2 4 2 — 
I n d u s tria l P r o p e r t y fo r 

S a le 

2 4 4 — I n d u s tria l P r o p e r t y l o t 

 le a s e 

2 4 6 — 
I n d u s tria l P r o p e r t y 

W o n t e d 

3 4 8 — 
O ffic e S p a c e fo r lo o s e 

2 5o — 
O ffic e S p o c e W a n t e d 

2 5 2 — R e o l E s ta te S ell o r 

(■ ch a n g e 

2 5 4 — 
R e a l ( s ta te W o n t e d 

2 5 6 — 
R e o l ( s ta te lo o n s — 

N o te * 

2 5 8 — 
R e a l ( s ta te Loon* 

W o n t e d 

3 o 2 — - M o b ile H o m e * fo r R e n t 

R E N T A L S 

AOI — A partm ent* Furnished 
— H ou seke ep in g Apt t 
I 
Furn. 

4 o 4 — A p a r t m e n t s , 

U n fu r n is h e d 

4 o 6 — 
H o u s e s , D u p le x e s — 

F u rn is h e d 

4 o 8 — 
M o u s es , D u p le x e s - — 

U n fu r n is h e d 

4 1 o — 
H o u s e s . R e n t o r 5 e ll 

4 1 2 — 
R o o m s , F u rn is h e d 

4 1 4 — 
R o o m s , U n fu r n is h e d 

4 1 6 — 
R o o m s w ith B o a r d 

4 18 — 
W o n t to R e n t o r L e a s e 

B U SIN ESS 

O P P O R T U N IT I E S 
$ 

5o1 — 
B u sin e ss O p p o r t u n it ie s 

5 o 2 — 
B u sin e ss O p p o r t u n it ie s 

W o n t e d 

5 o 4 — 
M o n e y to L e n d 

5 o 6 — F in a n c ia l — 
I n v e s tm e n ts 
5 o 8 — 
O il P r o p o s itio n s 

5 1 o — 
M o n e y W a n t e d 

51 2 — 
In s tru ctio n s 

5 I 4 — In stru ctio n s W o n t e d 

E M P L O Y M I N T i i 

AOI — Professional 
6o2 — Soles 
6o4 — Technical 
6 o S — R e su m e s 
6o6 — A d m inistrative — 
Financial 
6o8 — Secretarial 
6 1 o — O ffice A Clerical 
61 3 — M ed ical 
6 < 4 — Skills-Trades 
61 6 — fo o d-D rin k Services 
6 I 8 — Tem porary 
6 2o — H elp W o n te d 
M iscelloneous 
622 — Dom estic 
624 — Situations W on te d 
"'n 

MERCHANDISE 

Today’s Lucky 
License winner 

D e a d lin e : 5 p.m. Mon., Jan. IO, I 977 

(Claims not honored on w eekends)__ 

 you can win $5o cash! 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
CUSSINS) ADS LUCKY LICENSE 

Pick up bumper stickers at the Express-News lobby, Avenue E and Third St. or at any 
San Antonio lone Star - Circle K - U-Tote-M - Mr. M store. 

— 
-_ _ _ _ 
' 

= 
: 
T E X A S 
I 'e s s 

O V E * 2 4 9 I 

-sa 

= 

A 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
CLASS**® A K LUCKY UCBEH 

Lucky License Rules and How to Claim Prize: 

1. Stick Lucky License bumper sticker on rear bumper of vehicle as close to license plate as possible. Be sure bumper is clean as bumper sticker will not adhere to dirty surface. 
2. Watch the Express and News classified pages for picture of winning lic­ ense plates which will be published every day. 
3. Winner must claim prize by deadline stated in the ad. 
I 
Bring State automobile registration slip to Lucky License Editor at the 
Express News Claims will not be honored on Saturday or Sunday. 
5. Employees of the Express-News or distributors and their families are not eligible, lf such a license is inadvertently published, it will not be honored. 
6. Only vehicles with Express-News rear bumper sticker attached will be eligible for photo winner. 
7. Winners will be awarded $5o cash if the prize is claimed before the stated deadline, lf it is not, the prize is forfeited 
No purchase is necessary. Bumper stickers are available free at the 
Express News Lobby, Lone Star, Circle K or ll Tote M or Mr. M stores Copies of the Express and News are available for inspection at the front counter from 8:3o a m. to 5:3o p m. Monday-Fr.day or at public libraries during open hours. 

8 

7o2 — Sew ing 
7o4 — Business Equipm ent 
7o6 — 
Building M a te ria ls 

7 o 7 — Rortable Buildings 

71o — Furniture 
711 — Pawn Brokers 

7 I 3 — A ppliances 
7 I J — 
Flea M orket* 
714 — Antiques 

71 5 — Paintings 
7 16— Collectors Imports 
714 — Coins A Jew elry 
7 I 9 — C a m era — Photo Equip 
72o — M usical Instruments 
7 26 — Nurseries, G arden 
7 2 9 — Oil Field Equipment 
7 JO — M a ch inery and Tool* 
7 3 1 - M e rc h a n rtis e M a r l 
7 3 3 — Person To Person 
M art 
7 3 3 — 
M e r c h a n d is e W a n t e d 
734 — Auction Sale 
735 — Business Directory 

D O G S — 
P IT S 

7 3*6 — D o g s -C o t* B ird s -P e t* 

7 3 8 — 
P o u ltry .B a b b it * . B o a s 

TDOUBLE BONUS AUST 
(MERCHANDISE ADS ONLY ■ CLASS 731) 
SAVE YOU 6o% 
WRITE YOUR OWN AD 
A New low Rote for private party Merchandise Advertising called 
Double Bonus Ads will deliver results at Texas-Sued Savings of 6 o % These ods are exposed to 293,ooo potential buyers Doily in the San Antonio W ont Ad Supermarket (33,ooo more than the light). 

The Double Bonus Special is designed to provide a reduced rate tor individuals who wish to sell things they no longer need The special rote of 2 lines, 6 days S3 makes it profitable to advertise low cost items such os baby furniture or used appliances. 

The only requirements ore. 
1 
Only private individuals are eligible for this 6 o % money saving rate 
2 
The od must be placed for six days lf the item is sold before the six days ore up, you may cancel further running days of the od but the full rate will be charged, (in other words, no refund or rate enlistment for unused days and no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 

S A V E A N A D D I T I O N A L 1 o % B Y 
M A I L I N G P A Y M E N T W I T H Y O U R A D 

L IV E S T O C K 

7 4 o — It we s to c k - P e e d - S e e d * 
74 I — Produce 
7 4 2 — fo r m Iq u ip m 4 n l a n 4 
S w p p fias 

R E C R E A T I O N A L 
L 

 linesi i i i i i i 1 1 i i i i i i i i i i i i 1 1 1 1 I t i. n n 

? i i i i 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 i i i i ........................... ... i 11 i i n 

3 
1 I I I I I I I l l I T T T r n I 
I I I I I I I T 'T I T - T D 

4 
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i i 11 
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 a 
5 111 11 r n 
-1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 11 1 1 11 i T n m 

Figure the cost of your od from these low rates Deduct 1 o% for 
2 lines . . . $3.oo payment with your order These rotes ore for private party wont ads 
3 lines . . . 
4.5o and apply to six consecutive doy insertions 
2 lines minimum Ap 
4 lines . . . 
6.oo 

 proximately 3 ) spaces per line 
5 lines 
. . . 7.5o 

Please check your od the first day it appears N O A D JU ST M EN T S 
6 lines . . . 
o .oo 
FOR ERROR CAN BE MADE AFTER THE FIRST R U N N IN G DAY 
7 lines . . . 1o.5o 

NAME. 
PHONE NO 

ADDRESS. 

CITY____ 
STATE 

S T A R T D A T E 
C L A S S . 

ZIP 

MAIL COUPON TO 

KXPRESS-NKWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third S t./P.O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 
------ 

SPIC!Al nonets 
SPI CU I M on ett D C S) 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday January 9 I 977 

 o r c a l l 
. 
. 
. 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 

$ » s » s » $ $ $ s s » $ $ $ $ $ s $ $ $ s $ » $ $ $ $ » s » s $ $ s $ 4 

'jU li+ m J U 

Birth Announcements 

Mr & Mrs Thomas VV Askin proudly announce the arrival of their baby 
BO Y: 
Keith 
Michael Askin, 6 lbs. 7 oz born December 27, 1976. 

Mr. & Mrs. John R. Beach proudly announce the arrival of their baby BO Y: 
Shawn 
Adam Beach, 5 lbs 
2 oz. born December 29, 1976. 

Mr. & Mrs, Donald E. Cun­ ningham proudly announce the arrival of their baby G IR L 
Elizabeth Anne Cunningham, 
7 lbs. 6'/z oz. born December 
2 1 ,1 9 7 6 

Mr. & Mrs. James D. Beavers proudly announce the arrival of their baby BO Y: Jeremiah 
David Beavers, 7 lbs. lOVj oz. born 
December 
29, 
1976. 

Mr. & Mrs. Freddie Floyd, Jr. proudly announce the arrtvol of their baby GIRL: Chesca 
Renee Floyd, 8 lbs. 14Vz oz. born December 22, 1976. 

Mi 
& Mrs. Rosendo Heirera proudly announce the arrival of their baby GIRL: Jessica 
Lee Herrera, 8 ’/} lbs. born 
December 28, 1976. 

Mr 
& Mrs. Daniel H 
Kirby proudly announce the arrival of their baby 
GIRL 
Holly 
Lynn Kirby, a lbs. 
7 % oz. born December 19, 1976. 

Mr. & Mrs. Marcos A 
Le­ desma proudly announce the arrival of their baby GIRL 
Christina Ledesma, / lbs 
6 oz., born 
December 
21, 
1976 

Mr & Mrs. Frederick S. Minus proudly announce the arrival of their baby BOY; Stephen 
F 
Minus, 7 lbs. 7 oz. born 
December 3o, 1976. 

Mr 
& 
Mrs. 
Henry Montez proudly announce the arrival of their baby GIRL: Cynthia 
Ann Montez, 
IO lbs. born 
December 2o, 1976 

Mr & Mrs. Jerald W Tabers proudly announce the arrival of their baby BOY: Jerald W 
Tabers, Jr. 7 lbs. 2Vz oz. born 
December 29, 1976. 

Mr. & Mrs. Jan D. W right proudly announce the arrival of their baby BO Y 
Zochery 
Domont Wright, 6 lbs. 1 3% oz. born 
December 
18, 
1976 

Mr. & Mrs. Rudy Zaiagoso proudly announce the arrival of their baby 
BO Y: 
Jesus 
Daniel Zaraqosa, 7 lbs 5 oz. born December 21, 1976. 

To Pluto Your 
Birth Announcement 
Coll Ms. James 
225-1666 

One 1949 Chevy 1 > ton pickup, one 
19*9 Chevy J x ton pickup, ami one 
W TI Ford '« ton pickup will be sold to the highest bidder (s i on Jan u a i v 
It, 1977 Coll 227 1373 tor intonna hon and bid forms 

S e a le d bid p ro p o s a ls w ill be received bv the Board of Trustees at the N o rth E a s t In d e p e n d e n t 
School D is tric t tor the follow ing items at the times shown 
S P R IN K L E R S : 2 3o P rn 
Tuesday, Ja n u a ry 18, 1977 
LA W N H O S E S : 2 OO P M 
Tuesday, Ja n u a ry 18, 1977 
Bid form s m ay be picked up prior to id o p ening in the o ffice of the 
Director of Purchasing, N E 
I S 
D „ 1o333 Broadw ay, Son Antonio, exes 

AUDITIONS 
• BANDS • MUSICIANS 
• DANCERS • MODELS 
Call for appointment 
Show Time Talent Management 
■ 
349-o139 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
* - * * ¥ 
? ' ¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
* ¥ 

¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

¥ 

LEGAL NOTICES 
D 
® 
L 
LEGAL NOTICES 
D C E ) 

BO I — C * ih f * U — Troller* 
8 o 3 — M otor H om o* 
8o4 — lo o ts , M oto r* 
8 o 6 — Sporting G o o d * 
8o8 — H u n tin g A F u h m g 

M O B IL ! K O M IS r n * 

B ib — Mobile Hornet for Sole 

B l I — M obile Home Repair* 
Insurance 
812 — M obile Home Parks 

A U T O M O riV I 

♦ OI 
• W o n te d - A uto*, Truck*, 
Traitor*. M otor* ye to* 
♦o3 — M otor* ye I# I — Scoot or * 

9 o 4 — G e n e ra l A uto R e p a ir 
♦ o6— Tire t — P o rt* — 
A cce»*orie* 
JF R * — tru ck* A C o m m o n nil 
Troller* — Auto* 
♦ IO — A ute. Fina n cin g — Looos 
♦ I J — Aircraft Service* — 
S vp p lie * 
91 4 — A n t iq u e ^ C o lle c t o r * 
♦ I P — Sport*, Fo reign Cor* 
♦ I B — C o r*— For Solo or 
Trode _________________ 

 c 
PERSONALS 
D O S ) 
D ates G a lo re ! M eet local singles 
Coll Dateline loll free (BOO) 451 3245 
FOR H E L P with on unw ed Dreg nancy, coll E d n a G lad n e y Horn* 
F I W orth TX I MO 79? 11o4 

Individual wants to buy car tor per tonal use $3,ooo to $5,ooo 
Rep lys kept confidential. Reply to Ex p ress 
Box 2624 
____________ ________ 
M atchm aker Inc Singles 18 8o Y rs 
Introductions. i44 t i n . 344 1125 
6 v*rw e ig b t? W e con help No exec cise. diets, meetings, drugs. IOO*# 
N atural N aturSllm 66 ) 6449 

 r n A v i $ 1 a F n ~ t h o u s * n o $ " . you su sp e ct e v e r b eing ch e a te d 
(cards, dice, etc ) Or it you Intend to engage in gam es of ch an ce C all 
Blvd C a m e C o n su ltan t* for Pvt. appt 349 92o* 

1o8 LOSI AND FOUND 

F O U N D : block fem ale afghan in 
Jefferson A rea 
221 3927, H i V648 
( S a n d y ) . ____________________________ 
F O U N D IN H A R M O N Y H I L L S 
A R E A 
M a le S p r in a e r S p a n ie l. black pud white 342 *o7$ 
F O U N D Irish t? tin 
Call 349-2283 or 735 939? E » t 
C U N O 
M ale poodle, c h a rc o a l inuture Best parking tot 141o976 

T* Fine Cia kiltie* Deem 
Helices Please See 
Freni Page macs 

1o1 — D e a th * 
1o2 — C a rri e t T h a n k * 
M e m e riu m 
1 o 2 — F lo rin * — Fie w ar* 
1 o 4 — f u n e r a l D ir e c te r * 
(O S — C e m e t a r y — B u rle t 
L e t* ____________________ 

F O U N D ; S m a ll (m o s tly w h ite ! m ale pekapoo. Pe can Valley area 
534 8912 
Lost Clipped M iniature Schnauzer, 
I Loop 4tfr Sta re r**! A rea, 878-76/5 or 
I 492-12o1_________________ _____________ 
Lost fem ale Collie, 4 years old, So hie and W hite. " L a d y " B rig h t ear 
Igloo ivs Rew ord 674 3853._________ 
LO S T 
G e rm a n Shep herd P u p p y, 
W oodlawn 
La k e 
A rea 
7344518. 
R E W A R D 
IIN t it - N IW t 
WANT AO 248-144* 

( 
LOST AND FOUND 
C 

'1,ooo REWARD 

For Information leading to 
Recovery of . 

1976 C-65 CHEVROLET 
MOBILE HOME TOTER 

Park lost 
Shopping 
Cen 
Tex. December lit 

Heritage 
Center, 
D<avine, 
1976. 
PLEASE NOTIFY: 

JA M IS o KMG (1)862-2*51 or THE DEVINE TEXAS 
POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Devine, Texas 

L O S T 
G e r m a n s h o rt h a ir e d 
Pointer, spatted L iv e r B ro w n and 
White Austin tag No 499 answer s to 
K A I E (OII Jim 732 7o12 RL W A R D 

Highlands High School A rea dT( 
LO S T 
. 
I S H 
Light A p ricot Poodle IO ye ar pet 
R E W A R D C a ll 224-5841 b e fo re 5 weekdays, 
337-4DH after 
6 and weekend*. 
LO S T in H idden C reek. Colonies 
N o rth , b ro w n ho lt T e r r ie r , h alf 
D ach s h u n d 
Heidi ’. W ill play with ball R E W A R D 349 4753 

LOSSr: Jo n 4 Black and White Nu- tered M ale Cat at D a iry Queen at 
W est Ave. and Blanco Rd. In tersex lion Please Coll 494 3719 
L O S T : M a le G e rm a n SheD ord .- 1 y e a r o ld , H a r lo n d a le v ic in it y 
K L WARD: UG. V 22-o682- 

LOST AND FOUND D G E ) 

L O S T 
M o le Ir is h .Se tte r. I 
.wers to 
L a n ce " Tug No 281o4 
Coli 922 o39o R E W A R D !___________ 

LO ST 
M ans D iam ond ring! De lath R E W A R D 495 1659 
LO ST 
P a r i La b ra d o r R e trie v e r 
Black with white chest and tips of toes 
5 mos old 
Northwood area 
292^ 
LOST 
Pom eranian m ale. 12' long high, W eighs J 4 lbs. Lost W ar b och F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d a r e a 
Missed v ery much 458 888/ 
O ST. Solid black m ale cot. no tail 
A reo 
N acogd oches Rd, betw een 
Loop 41o and Bitters Rd 824 o745 
L O S T ; W h ite A la s k a n S a m o v e d 
Husky N ear w W hite and R ice Rd 
( O e lic r e s t A r e a ) P le a s e Co 

O ST 
(Arkite Pe e k o P o o nam ed 
N. M cCullough 
1 p le a s e c a ll 
“ T w ig g y" D ec 
_ 
R id g e v ie w 
A r e a 
342 o6o1 R E W A R D 
J.- ■ 
1 Cl .ST 
W ire H a ire d Fox T e rrie r 
N am ed " F l u f f y " Je ffe r s o n H ig h 
School A rea 
R E W A R D 
731 9o12 
342 979o 
N arth sid e P e t D e te ctive Agene 
We find lost l ets 734 8511 

R E W A R D 
Fem ale B rittan y S int O ronge and W hite a n sw e rs to 
Ja in o Leath er collar, flea ct lost N ew Y e a r 's night n e ar W est 
Ave and Bianco Fresn o ana Basse 
Rd 448 o58o 
_ _ _ _ _ 
Rew ard for inform ation loading to the return ot our grey 4 % veor old fe m a le 
W e im a r a n t r n a m e ' 
‘‘D ulce" 73S-888I _____________ 
$75 R E W A R D Far Return ol Sm all 
G rey Poodle type with Red cohar 
N om e ' POZZO" Lo st Sooth B e x a r 
County Vicinity Blue W ing And 1937 
627 24o7 

I APHIS** Mf W I 
WANI AR (X L* I AA* 

“ STATISM KNT ON 
NONDISt RUMINATION" 

PU BLIC NOTH E 
“ The Guadalupe Valley 
Telephone Cooperative, 
Inc. has filed with the federal governm ent a 
C ompliance Assurance in which it assures the 
Rural Electrification Ad­ ministration that it will comply fully with all re­ quirements of THU VT of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964 and the Rules and 
Regulations of the De­ partment of Agriculture issued thereunder, to the end that no person in the 
United States Khali, o d the ground of race, color or national origin, be ex­ cluded from participa­ tion in, be denied the benefits of, or be other­ wise subjected to discri­ mination in the conduct of its program and the operation of its program and the operation of its facilities. Under the z\s- surancc, this organiza­ tion is committed not to discriminate against any person on the ground of race, color or national origin in its policies and practices relating to ap­ plications for service or any other policies and practices relating to treatm ent of benefi­ 

 ciaries and participants including rates, condi­ tions and extension of service, use of any of its facilities, attendance at and participation in any meetings of beneficiaries and participants in the conduct of the operations of this organization.” 
"A ny person who be­ lieves himself, or any specific class of indivi­ duals, to be subjected by this organization to dis­ crim ination prohibited by Title VI of the Act and 
Rules and Regulations issued thereunder may, by himself or a repre­ sentative. file with the 
Secretary of Agriculture, 
Washington, ILL. 2o25o, or the Rural Electrifica­ tion Administration. Wa­ shington. ILC. 2o25o, or this organization, or all a written complaint. Such complaint must be filed not later than 9o days after the alleged discri­ m ination, or by such later date which the Se­ cretary of Agriculture or the Rural Electrification 
Administration extends the time for filing. Iden­ tity of complainants will be kept confidential ex­ cept to the extent neces­ sary to carry out the purposes of the Rules and 
Regulations." 

BIDS I PROPOSALS 

Hie of TrvsRNH of Hit Northern! in dtfMWdiWt School Dtfttrkt fat the foHowwg item* tit the xftewm 
CAFETERIA CHEMICALS 
RAPER GOODS A SUPPLIES 
2 OO M i , Tim ionoory ll, 1977 
CANNEO GOODS 4 STAPLES 
2 OC p.m.. !ue$4n* January ll, 1977 
FROZEN PRE-COOKED MEAT 
2:oo pm Tuesday, january ll, 1977 
FROZEN FISH: 2:oo pm .. 
Tuesday, January It, 1977 
FROZEN VEGETABLES 
2 OO pm., Tuevdav January ll, 1977 
4d formv may be pithed up print to bid apexing in the oftrte of the Drrettar of 
Funhovina, N.U.S.D., 1o333 floodway. San 
Antonio. I*KOB. 

C REAL ESTATE 
J 

Nomas 
N orthw est 

2 1 2 

HWY 9o W 

Hom es 
S o u th w e s t 

2 1 6 

Homos 

Northeast 

2 1 o 

C O M M E KCE 

Homos 
Southeast 

2 1 4 

Sealed bids will be received by the 
D irecto r ot B u sin ess S e rv ic e s ot dotation S e rv ice Center, Region 
2o, tor the purchase of one ( I ) 1977 
ST A T IO N W A G O N until IO OO a rn 
Ja n u a ry 27, 1977 
Item ized d e ta ils a te on tile and availab le upon request in the Put chasing Otfice, Ed u cation S e rv ice 
Center, Region 2o. 155o N E . Loop 
IO, Son Antonio, Texas 782o9 
Ju n e Patton, Purch asing Agent 

LEGAL NOTICES 
D < m > 

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC 

I he Annual Meeting of th* Members 

 of the 
Travis 
Savings ami loan 

Association, heretofore (ailed to order, 

 and (onduited in ouordome with lls 

Bylaws, on February 17, 1976, wos 

 then recessed until January 18, 1977, 

 at 
I 3o p rn 
As Secretary of the 

Association, I give notire to its mem 

 bets that such recessed Annual Meet 

 mg will be colled back to order at the 

 offices of the Association, at 5o1 North 

Main Avenue, San Antonio, texas, at 

13o p m on ianuoiy 18, 1977, tor 

 such business as sholl be (nought 

 before it 
It is anticipated that 

 management will propose to the 

 membei ship to amend the Bylaws to 

 thongs its Annual Meeting date (rom 

 the thud Tuesday iii february to the 

Thud Tuesday in December, beginning 

 with the meeting on December 2o, 

1977, for the fiscol year ended Sop 

 tember 3o, 1977 

BYRON M. KING 

Secretary 

 f REAL ESTATE NOTICES ) (2 o l) 

REAL ESTATE NOTICES c 
REAL ESTATE NOTICESJ 
® 

% 

LOST AND EOIXD D C ® 
R E W A R D ! Lo:.t in Kennedy High chool a re o , 3 yr old Red Chow how A n s w e rs to Lin Ting 
Hns rots, no coheir 432 o228. 349 o275 
R E W A R D Lost, Sm all N orw egian 
Ik h o u n d F e m a le W ith B lo c k olo rm a A ro u n d N eck. H as Red 
Color With No Nam e Tag A nsw ers 
To 
M is ty ' , V ic in it y of H o r r y 
W ur/batk cit Loop 41o 349 646) an time. 494 2819 home atter 5 so 

IO SPECIAL NOTICES 

A U D IT O R IU M 
A ir c o n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in g s . options, donees, etc. Holds u p to 
5o people G re a te r S A 
B u ild e r x 8925 N W IH IO 696 38oo 
A 
A auger cleans clogged d rains ond sewers best • plum bing repair 
One r a n d o ts it o il p ric e s before we start Seven days a week all anytim e 341 4124 or the white 
Doges tor A Aauger 

A F T E R X M A S S P E C IA L ' 
Ja n u a r y O n ly p ric e M o ssc k 
“ tee 
Sauna 
T O K Y O 
H O U i 
S2 3341 
A F T E R X M A S S P E C IA L ! Jan u a ry only. 's price Mossoge Free water cd 
G arden 
Bath in 
Pearsall. 
3.34 4391 

 c special Nonas D 
O 
JiM y P re ss Instant Printing a (ult service print shop near you 
16o6 McCullough 
6211 Son Ped ro 
17o1 s w M ilitary Dr 
42o9 Fred ericksb urg Rd 
726 E Rhapsody at San Pedro 
L e a m assag e s our s p e c ia lly 
B v 
Miss t xobc1 497 2994 
L Y N N E S 
B E T T E R 
H E A L T H 
S A L O N 
O ffe rin g A c u p r e s s u r e , 
/oncology, 
Reflexology. 
Etc. 
656 7496 
M A S S A G E 
G r a d u a te P h y s ic a l 
Therapist For Appt Coll 47* 1783 
M A S S A G E T H E R A P Y , tr e a tin g physical and emotional tension M s 
Valenzuela. 736 o411 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
S ta d thv New Year out right I Get the greatest 1977 m assage tor your bartered H o m e at 1973 P r ic e s 1*! 
Come see our attractive m echanics at T H E B O D Y S H O P P E 
4*7 /Oui 

Almost F re e Transportation 
To Detroit and other points Call 
274 2221 

Q uick and L a s tin g W eig h t Lo s*. 
Through 
Somatization, 
344 2284, 

Ski New Mexico Colorado 
C harter your own flight. $175 per person round trip (party of 6) For details, toll (S I2 1 864 3471 

A N Y O N E W itn e ssin g a cc id e n t at nter section M u lb e rry and Mc Cut lough at 3 3o P M Dec 28th Please call 655 o783 
Su p er D isco u n t D ec only. $2o sauna free with ' < p rice massage 
42)8 Blanco 712 1341 
A T T E N T IO N 
H O M E O W N E R S 
H ove revo lutio nary new product 
A lu m in u m 
C o r n g a t e d 
Shakes 
4o‘y e o r4- lite expectancy 
W ant home l l y e a rs ar new er to apply shakes tor a d v e rtis in g p u r­ poses A v a ila b le in 4 co lo rs 
F o r m ore inform ation w rite 
R e in ke 
Shakes ', 21o S 4fh St .Hebron, Ne broska 6837o 
Call Join, Ju lie , K aren to IO ani lo j am tor information on thier tumous 
Mode 
M assage 
P A R IS 
H U B B 
492 2994 
C H E R Y L S N e w Y e a r T p t c i o l 
M agic Massage. 714 8253 

O E C - J4 .N S P E C I A L 
D O U B L El 
T R O U B L E . F A M O U S S K IN N Y D IP 
M A S S A G E . E S C O R T , O U T C A L L . 
B Y A P P O I N T M E N T 
A M A Z O N 
P L A Y G I R L S A N D P L A Y B O Y S - 
1oooo MC C U L L O U G H . 349 498oM 
E a r n high fa s h io n te w e ir y w ith showing In yo u r hom e. F o r infor motion 655 412o. 7 9PM 

FOR BINI 
H o u rly or d a lly A u d ito riu m an d 
P a r t y room b e au tifu l N orth Side 
Lo cation, g re a t for m u sic, clu b s, p onies, wedding receptions, meet 
S of Oil kinds, Coil 344 45.19 Near th Star and Central Po rk Moll 

P R IC E st m assage' jut ital girls lo I OO ani 

G TS 

SPECIAL 

FEEL BETTER FAST! n Ton Room , steam bath, m ini zssugi. by beautiful girls All tor 
(I Coll for appointm ent P A R IS - 
R U B S 
Open IO 3o am to 3 am , 
4*2 2994 

12o BIOS & PROPOSALS 

 it a n d S u n i Texas bv the 
Texas. Often 

HAPPY HOUR 

W RICE 
4 pm to 9 pm on most m assages. No 
I ? C u rl* to s e r v e you 
P A R IS B U B B . 492 2994 

H E L P Police recover your stolen p ro p e rty C B 5 
T v S. Tools, etc fn u rave cj at yggr hom e, (IO . cull 

SOLICITATION TOR BIDS 

1 
Seated bcd) odcbetsed to Ifior 
County Hospital Outhit, I amt) I. 
Forker Du sr tor of Furchotina, 45o? 
Medical Olive, Son Antonio. ti 71784, or i f fiend (acned depleted to I t tar 
County Hospital. Board loom, town 
133 (fait floor I. for the furnishing af furniture, kitchen equipment, hand feet*, typewriters, ukuJeton, die toting equip, recreational equipment and mtwoUancout (term, far the Men tai Health Center floor, Hubert I 
Green Haspctat Comforter to furnish the equipment at awarded, ad labor, materials and equipment necessary ta unpack, uncrate out install compiately alt items inducted Herein Installation shall include ult hardware ond rome! 
Igneous connector) necevso'y fat a compte!* ond aperu We instoHotion 

2 lids will be received until 2 OO t M, 
January 2o, 147/ and then publicly opened and read aloud, any bids received ofter tho' will be returned unopened 

3 Intimation may be obtained tram 
Bexar 
County 
Hospital 
OrstfKt, 
Purchasing Deportment loam OI/A 
(Sub level) for information cad 512- 
494 3o3o tit 
37? 
Mrs 
{leaner 
Newcomb, Buyer 4 five percent (5%) lid Bund, (ashier s (heck et (untied 
(heck required 

LEA H K E G A N 
Mrs Leah Alexander Began recently lamed the South Central office of beanie Owens (o., Sealion, os a sales associate Mrs Began, who ot tended McGillum High School m 
South San Antonio, will he most happy to give you real ' Bed (c a f service in her new position with the 
Denote Owens (a She especially welcomes new teal estote listings in the Mc(ollum oleos as well as othet parts of the South Side Mrs Beqan invites all of her friends to give Tier a coll at 

924-7311 

 or come by her new place of em­ ployment 
The 
South (antral of­ fice building is at 

4 5 o S .W . M ilita r y Dr. 

J A You have a 
* right to be choosy* 

OPEN DAILY FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 

• 7o Floor plans to choose from 

• Low monthly payments 

• High quality homes in YO U R price range 

• YOUR choice of several'school districts 

• Energy conditioned to save YO U R money 

C A M ELO T (Northern!) .. 
6 5 5 - 4 1 2 3 

H ER IT A G E FA R M 
6 7 3 - 4 1 4 3 

T A N G lE W o o D /B A B C O C K |H o ith »c u )6 9 6 - 8 1 7 o 

V A llE Y - H I (Southwelt) 
6 7 4 - 3 5 7 S 

W IL D W O O D (Northwest) 
6 8 1 :3 o 2 o 

• $ 4 
Bay Ellison 
Home 

D 
® 
‘C 
O N N HOUSES 
OKIN HOUSH 

A T T E N T I O N ' G O V 'T O W N E D 
H O M E S a r t all o ve r town, bown p a y m e n ts 
$7o a n d up 
C a ll 
G R E A T E R 
V A L U E 
R E A L T Y 
651 6143 
Before You buy or Sell, Coll B E L L 
We- o tte r the b est s e r v ic e s an d prices in town Bi ll R E 727 9495 

BEFORE YOU SELL os m ake a C A SH otter tor your home or equity Call now' 
The 
Home 
M a rt 
655 12o1 

CASH for H O M ES 
W e Buy H O M E S an.) E Q U IT IE S 
Honest, Efficient, and Fast S ervice 
We uav all Closing Costs Cull Tony or Bernice 341 61 16 
S P E CIA, R E A L T O R S 

$ CASHS 
LO R Y O U R HO M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W L P A Y A LL C L O S IN G C O STS 
924 4331 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
Cash for your Northside equity c H 
L o rry Bornebey 
H I 4455. 684 ?9iiv 
Custom Built Home'. 
696 771o 
IM M E D IA T E C A SH 
For Yoor Home W e pay oil dosing costs' We also toke trode* Colt 
494 5571 
635 8474 
532 3252 
Century 2T 
W A ) EE IE L D R I A t fO R S 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 

•I NEED IO HOUSES* 
San Antonio Real Estate povs < tor yours in l l hours. I pay alt i mg cost 349 6511 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$_____ 

Looking for a now home? 

TO D A Y'S YO UR L U C K Y D A Y ... 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 
$39,95o to $55,ooo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 

M eadow W ood North 
494-6163 

$29,95o lo $4o,ooo 
Jones Maltsbgr at Thous. Oaks 

The Great Northwest 
684-1133 
$37,9oo to $5o,ooo 
PM 471 at Culebra 

• VA, PHA, Conventional • Fireplaces • Double 

Garages • North East or Northside Schools 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

★ S T O P ★ L O O K it C O M P A R E ★ 
Ar ALL BRICK HOME * 
* 16,95o 
B U IL T O N 
Y O U R IO T 
3 Bedroom— I '/> Baths 
W e also build la rg e r houses. 

,.P JL fo" ai l ii j + 
M v > , 

N E B A R G A IN U S W A R R A N T 9 
Ort Nocogdix he s. 4 2. air, $7o 5oo 

U S F IN A N C E D Na $ D own' 
N E Sunset D r, I'-> bath 
N O R T H A L A M O H O T S. $17 775 
C A M E L O T ll, 3 2 7 car. $3o,5oo 
N W W oodlawn HUI*. $16,4/5 

NO P A Y M E N T , IST M O N T H ! 
E A S Y C R E D IT M O V E IN ' 

F E D E R A L P R O P E R T IE S 
14 6616 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
A n yo n e ca n b u y. V e ts don I use their e lig ib ility 
3 4 bed room s. 2 baths, sam e with a ir and a ll ap pl ranees paym ent* less than rent 
144 lOft I B O B D e PA O LO R L A LT O N 
P R O P E R T Y O W N E R S 
We wilt st* ll your home tor artly Sinh 
W hy pay m o re 1 732-2918 C h arle s 
W art* Real E stale 
H E N IA L M A N A G E M E N T 
H ave Our professional stuff handle you rental property. Coit tor detail* today 
534 8824 
Niles 494 1493 
Century 2T 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
Pedr 
- H i 
A 
C O LO N IA L 
B R IC K 
W B A Y 
W IN D O W ' 
No $ down to anyone' You must see 
4 7 2, with breakfast nook and bori Fam ily room A p rivacy fenced and carpet, carpet, carp e t'* All tor der *5o,ooo 
H u rry ' N A T IO N A L 
P R O P E R T IE S 
_____________ 434-o622 
W A N T E D 
J bedroom , 2 bath, den near Lee Hi School W ill pay co*r> 
Larg e equity O K It you really want to sell, ta ll 7}/ 8o18 

WE LL BUY YOUR HOME 
Si r 
W ill trade 
344 3o91 B O B D e PA O LO R I A L TOR 
We Need Apt Listings, have- ready buyers within 175 wit. of San Anton to 
M B G IN C 
C o li A N 
M a r rag 
494 3419, 342 218o H B G Real E state 
W H Y P A V R E N T E Own you! ow honie, no down paym ent to anyone 
Paym ents less than rent. 
— c if live 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

A L L B R IC K J bedroom I' i bath 
H O M E B U IL T ON Y O U R LO T 
$16,9*o Hi! I Goldurn oft W ee! A v* 
S P E C I A B U IL D E R S Hic 
349 1491 

146 Pollydale 
1-4 ii ic. /■»#* LJ .Tv ex 
V 3, 
Highland 
Hills, oft Pe can V a lle y Dr J 2 I, ho extra kite hen, targe den 
"H e re . todays b u y’ Assum e not# and save 
O P E N 2-4—S U N D A Y 
224 8357 
342 9338 
344-9424 

J A Bess 
R e al Estate 

Modal Home— 1o1 I Gardena 
(Off 2ooo Block West Awa.) 
Paneled kitchen and family room combination. 

O o R e m o d e lin g A fire p la c e * 
349-1491 
341-oo16 
5917 San Pedro 
Specia Builders, Inc. 

MOCKINGBIRD 
POND 

LAKESIDE 
ToWNHoMES 

I AND 2 FLOOR 
EASY FINANCING 

MODELS OPEN DAILY 

11-7 
7711 CALLAGHAN RD. 

(OTT IM IO) 
342-371 I 
341-831 I 

- A - 
NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 

♦ WHISPERING OAK8 • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER'S CREEK 

PRESTIGE HOMES 
\ humtwb 

By the ter* M U tov et Mw Y e w 
^ 
I 
• I! MMMMX awd lux u n . we 
, /*‘ • 
• ftofilhf bdl* M d oak uww e Hr Men* ( M i or Nordic Me 
A t h e l D tune I 
. hM teelkw * r * H 
• HMH I M ABA ie H/e ooc l et Mi Oevfthn erne EetMe Hvmw Of we e aile, 
•crier 8.oo1 

*92-1oW • 494-6249 • 492-2272 

OPEN HOUSE I TO 3 
823 WILTSHIRE 
HM EU MILIS AH 
SCHOOLS 
N KT 
OfffRING 
(>qev the warmth of a wood burning tutpioc* th tim kfnaeut J I i in cheke tomky mem with 
(tiling ton dark domed flouts 
(tnt! ut heal uu, bu vt merit 
# * * • « « * * * * 
8922 WEXFORD 
(OFF BARRINGTON) l O ir e O K ! ARIA - tuxunuu* 
3 T h townhouse w*th dhjmohi 2 story living room with lutploct 
Hoi rooster sud* (town 
Mush carpet, cl-agrv w*t bor, atrium, 3- 

 m got ag* 
* 

JONtS-KING 

•26-2439 

O f IN 2 IO S 

721o GUMTREE 
OH P U U Mf R 
$56oo equity on 7 J4 V A loon, all rock 
3 2 2, 

 refrigerator washer d ryer in­ cluded 

341-9166 
HOWARD TATE 

CENTURY 21 

IN H ID O IN C R C B K 
O PfcN 2-5 16 
I, den w ith fire p la c e , fo rm a l mg dining room, only I year old. rn c r t r a n s f e r r e d , 
$52,5oo. 
I o284, Realtors. 

SIEVE M IN CH 

P o g e 
— 
• 
- - 
8-C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

 c 
ORIN MOUSES 
OPEN HOUSES 

T IM B E R R ID G E 
R e a lto rs W e lc o m e .. • Visit 

 the community on the go in Northwest Son Antonio. 

Homes from $32,ooo by: 

Hidden Volue Homes 
684-1577 

Irons Texas Properties 
684-o393 

Quest Homes Inc. 
684-86oo 

• All brick homes 

• C a rp e t 
• Fireplaces 
• 2-car garages 
• Tennis & swim club 
• 3 & 4 bedrooms 
• M any extras 
• Open house daily 
IO a.m. ’til dark. 

3 minutes north of loop 41o, Culebra Road exit 

OPEN 2 TO 5:3o 

BOERNE AREA 
Fantastic Hill Country Estate 
198 otres, 9 miles west of Boerne en 
Hwy 46 Follow open house signs from Hwy 46 Brick home, large cathedral ceiling, family room, fireplace 
Ever running stream. 
569,9oo Call collect, 535 438/ 

3o15 WHISPER FERN 
IM WHISPERING OAKS, Beautiful 4 bedroom, 3'/? bath, single living orea home with loft, on wooded lot. 
Custom drapes, immediate oc cuponcy S/9,9oo 

12614 HUNTERS CHASE 
Custom I story with 47j baths 
Mosier bedroom suite with his and her s baths, library/den 
Maids quarters, super wet bor Mony ex­ tras. SI 29,MO 

2o3 BRIARCLIFF 

IN CASTLE HILLS, Beautiful lorge 4 bedroom, 3 both home on park like lot fireplace and bookshelves in family room 
Custom draperies throughout A must see $83,9oo 

137-139 GREENLAWN 

JUST 
REDUCED, 
Completely redecorated duplex on tree lined street in 
Greenlawn area 
2 bedrooms, I bath up and down 
Walking distance to bus and 
Northwest Center $3o,9oo 

5o9 CANTERBURY HIU 

Exceptionally good location, lorge corner lot, contemporary styling odds to this 3 bedroom, 2 VS bain home lots of living orea with pool 
Priced to sell 
Owner transferred 
S/ I,SM 

14o3 BUTTON LANE 
WANTED1 fnmily needing 4 nice bedrooms, 2 full baths, and a kit­ chen that Mom will really be happy in. Beautiful fireplace in family room NE schools Quiet cul-de sac 
St. in Blossom Hills S64./oo 

3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 8 2 8 - 8 2 4 1 

4 9 4 - 7 7 1 1 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 
O P E N 2 - 5 
4o1o GLENNROCK 

 laurel Hills. N W loop 41o and 
Wunbach, I block west to Bluemel. lovely french with every modern convenience. 
Courtyaid entry, brick 3-2-2. Dual fireplace divides living and dining rooms, family room with expansive use of gloss. I 
Saltillo tile, beamed ceiling 
Sunshine morning room, flowered I grounds Neor USM, UTSA, Medical lomplex 

58o2 CARY GRANT 

Oak Hills Terrace. Wurzboch to 
Merkins to Cary Grant 
On a 
Hillcrest with panoramic VIEW Very inviting rambler, 3 2 2, den (26x 
I 15) 
FP, high beomed ceiling 
Separate dining room, electric 
1 thruout. Minutes to UTSA, Medical lomplex, USAA, lackland, Kelly. 
' Don t miss this! 

| 
2o6 PRIMERA 

Olmos Park Trees shade Ibis neat 
I I story, 4 3 2 living and dining rooms fireplace l l ft. building loc 
' wotkshop, quarters, utility room 
, Alamo Heights Schools Bus 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

• OPEN SUNDAY 12 TO S 
6oo SAGECREST 
HOUY WOOD PARK-UNIT IO 
AD WRITERS NIGHTMARE!! 
Thw 4 lmlfM4n, |V» tab 
Hat m many faftvrtt, i don t know »h#r* ta fa r** Vo p i*us# com# tee for yo u m lf 
$1115oo 

1441o-11418 
BROOKHOLLOW 
SAN PEDRO HULS 
TOWNHOUSES 
STOP THE WORLD, I WANT TO 
GET OFF!! 

Hot4 to Alo, TH adm i, bal you cen have 
•wot# ton vt* 
Hiwi tifiwg rn e to wahoos* wHort momtortowc# <«**•* oritH it We kawt J or J bourne** townhouse* a»aiioW« with no equity 
(ohio tort today! 

OPEN 2 to S 
8815 WOODBURY 
FOREST OAKS 
ST?P "FUELING" AROUND! 
Tin* ii ill Co**#***! feuHt tnt, HfHt airy witfc 
1 autodial iodtngs fHtougHeuf 
THis 3 bedroom, 2 boff* 
1 amb with country httcHcn and greet retard en utility tost $41 9oo 
349-1436 
SASSE WEILBACHER, 
IN C , REALTORS 

OPEN TODAY 2-5 PM 
6711 SPRING HOLLOW 
Minutes from 
Med 
(enter 
Im maculate 3 bedroom home Carpet 
Immediate occupancy In Babcock 
North Addition 
Off Babcock Rd 
REALTOR 349 1)21 nites 434 6o//. 
215 BAMBURGH 

 lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, large family loom, office spate, attached garage large storage orea 
Sprinkler system 
Nice neighborhood, HF School District. 
Neor Central Park arid North Star 
Malls REALTOR 349 1121 nites 828 
1522. 
BELLVIEW DARLING! 
Come see this expanded 3-2 home at 26S Adda> Mony custom extras including a built iii stereo system 
Outside workshop with utilities One of a kind near Wonderland 
Mi 
Whites your host, REALTOR 349 1121 nites 341 /22o 

3 
I A 
R 
U 
) 

O P E N H O U S E 

N O O N T O D U S K 

Come see our unbelievable prices of new homes 

5633 CREEKWOOD in W o o d s t o n e 

141o3 SWALLOW 

 in Cl C h a p a r r a l 

Prices range from 5299oo and up three and four bedrooms, off 
Nacogdoches Rd 

6 5 6 - 3 o o o 

 t Veam e Owens 
RE AIT o4ft-WMS 

OPEN 3-5 Weest tier Permitting 
616 MORNINGSIDE 
OWNER HAS NEW HOME 
A n x io u s t o se ll. 
REDUCED— ottroctrve 3 bedroom. I both home in Terrell Hills Spacious living-dining areas large workable kitchen - storage galore'828-1962 
CAROLYN 
GRAHAM 
Reactort 826-8673 Anytime 

OPEN HOUSE 

S U N D A Y 

2 : 3 o to 5 : 3 o 

 weather permitting 

5222 E. ROILING RIDGE 

3 Bedrooms, 2 Both, Appliances 

*35,5oo 

B O B M C G IN N I S 

R E A L T O R S 

3 4 9 - 6 2 1 I 

OPEN 2:oo-5:oo 
1o3 E. M AN D ALAY 
In OUM OS P A IK oH M cC U ll 
O UG H lovely, cee*r hom o win* 
B v o p ia te d liv in g tee m 
IS . 1 6 . 
Cormel din in g ream , fam ily ro am o v e rlo o k in g Hie 
Worden! S bedroom * (or A ptu* tvodytl. 
I i beth*. 
A L A M O 
M IG H T S SCH O O LS! sou ooo r ia l rods a iA -a a st 
GUY CHIPM AN CO. 

723 NOTTINGHAM 
O P E N M 
C fY im n m g 3 b i'd ro o m w»th lo rge . m o d e rn b eft Hen, c o n tro l b ea t cur. abt NYV1 room , covered M * 16 bobo* ct# uv foot. Gild carpet m o to 
'26- 

8244*o6 
N ile s 822 932/ 
SO C W E E M S A A S S O C 
_ KEY GROUP 

4 Bedroom iii Fair Oaks 

OPEN SUNDAY I TO 5:3o 

FOREST OAKS 

6923 FOREST CREST N. 

Would you like a large game room 

 on a corner lot’ Well this 3 

 bediocm, 2 both home has both, 

 and is a super buy In the 3o s. 

349-5111 
TDE AMIE OWEHS 
RI ALTOtS-AALS 

Sunday Januoiy 9 19 77| 

 f 
O U N H o u se s 
) ( 2 o 2 ) 

O P IN 3 TO DUSK 
431o SHALLOW WATER 
3 bedroom , 2 boff), 2 car g a r a g e w ith lots o f room for eatertoining. 
Cathedral ceilings, com p letely carp eted, g a rd e n kitchen w ith oil the extras. 
D o n ’t m iss this one! 
656-3ooo 

^ V e a h ie Ow ens 

REALTOR 
MLS 

Oden 2 6 
C A S T L E H I L L S 
114 DOGWOOD 
R E D U C E D T O $42,5oo, la r g e 3-2 on of an a cre with m a n y oaks, 22oo ft livin g a re a. Y o u 'll love it. 
344 3471 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

Large 2 story Duplex 
P lu s ■* o n d itio n o l units, c o n be o beautiful hom e1 w ith o d d itio n a l in com e 112/, t'3 t W F re n ch Ow ner will Corry finoncing. 344-3471, nites 
341-19o1 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S ___ 

O P E N 1-4 
IN N E P A R K 
o411WAHADA 
L o v e ly a r e a , im m a c u la t e 4 be droom , ?' I both with excellent slor age. 2 Story. 136,5oo north loop inc. 
R E A L T O R S - M L S 
828 5636 
O P E N S U N D A Y 2-5 
99o5 TIOGA 
C o lo n ie s N o rt h B E L O W F M A a a p ra isa l, L o v e ly 4 b e d ro o m hom e, fireolac e, co ve re d patio, new root 
191/ s n it livin g are a, good condition. 
WARD REALTY 
6o6-1545 

LUXURY OUPIEX 
F IR S T O F F E R I N G 
Beoutitul hom e p lu s incom e tor the investm ent m inded. 3 b ed roo m s, 2 baths, e le ctric k itch e n p lu s la rge den with fireplace Rental sid e has 2 bedroom s, I bath, living, dining, and e le c t r ic k it c h e n . R e a l is t i c a ll y priced al VS/.9oo. 
824 o4o4 
N ites 824-4497 
S U E W E E M S & A S S O C 
KEY GROUP 

O P E N 12 T O 4 P B 
12819 L E G E R . L o c a t e d V a il 
Fo rge . 3 b ed room , 2 both, d ouble g a ra g e , c a rp e t th ro u g h o u t, suoei floor plan, low eauitv. Sec T o day! 
C e n t u r y 21 
H A P R E S E R *53 6182 A n ytim e 

SCREENED PORCH w ith v ie w into o ak stu d d e d b a c k yard. su rro u n d e d bv ced ar p riv a cv fence. 3 2 2 sp a n ish rock hom e with h uge fa m ily room , a n d lo rge fire place New, re a d y for im m m ediate o ccup ancy O pen Su n d a y pm 4443 
S H A V A N O W O O D S in e x c lu s iv e 
W oods of Sh a v a n o 
HCN Company 
C U S T O M H O M E B U I L D E R S 
698-2445 

YE OLDE FOREST s u r r o u n d s th is old E n la is h h om e n ow u n d e r c o n st ru c t io n In W in d w o o d E s t a t e s , 5 b e d r o o m s , 3 b a th s, g a m e ro o m , liv in g ro o m fam ily room redw ood deck On I 9 acres. IU IU N W , 17 milt«s north of 
W onderland 

C U S T O M H O M E B U U 
(>98-2445 

2o4 PROPERTY OUT OF TOWN 

3 a c re s, So u th w e st of A u st in 
All utilities a vaila b le , sch oo ls. I ar f ro n ta g e , p a v e d stre e t 
C o n ta c t owner, Allen, 1oo4 S 1st, A ustin, T X 
747o1 or coll S I? l l ? 72o1.________ 
3 B ed room H ouse on 46 A c re s C oil 
784 3264. Christine. Tx. 
In D evine Texas, Y6Sx ?o4 it lot with large oak trees, J b edroom s. 2 full b a m s, d en c e n tra l heat a ir, n e * carpet Call to see this b eauty today 
Call Ann 
ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a l t o r 
648 33o7 a C o s ie H o m e , J b d r . I b a th 
.block, built in Closets, vanity Witt mirror in each bdr , city util., pecan 
, f r u it t r e e s c h a m (in k le i irouod I 74? 3316 
L A V E R N IA 
2 b d rm hom e, carpeted with I both, rent house, on 2 a c re s 779-4o31 
L O C A T E O IN T H E H E A R T O F 
B A N D E R A C O U N T Y New m o d e m 
127o sa ft h o m e 
2 b a t h s. 2 be­ d ro o m s. ta rg e liv in g a re a , ro ck fire p la c e , c e n t r a l h e a t o n d a ir , located on 2 a c re s with la rge live oak trees and SOU it live creek Not in su b d ivision F in a n c in g available 
Show n b v appointm ent 698 2111 or 
I 796-3757 
S T O C K D A L E 4o acre 1 996 34o9 
6o A c re s S6oo per 

286 -TOWNHOUSES 

9 a c re s with sm a ll nouse, t s h e d s , a n d f is h in g h o le t 
Sm iley 
SIS,OOO 
924 8116, 
I 487 3126 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
A L L P L A Y A N D N O W O R K when you live In a lu xu ry Tow nnom o. this one h a s all you r w onts and m ore bedroom s, 2 . baths, rock firepia in f a m ily ro o m , p r iv a c y fe n c e d patio, gre at location 
R E D C A R P E T 
342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
684 o463 

Beautiful Condominium 
4 B e d r o o m s in C h a r t e r O a k s V II loge 22oo Sq It M a ste r b ed roo m and bam , d o w n sta irs W alk in clo sets, J b e d roo m s u p sta irs with bath ail paneled den with fireplace, tiv in g - d in in g , a ll e le c t r ic k it c h e n separate b rea kfa st room , ail beau 
M o lly d rap ed in gold and white, won to wall gold carp e! A vailab le A p ril 
Is l B v Owner 69o o892 
B L O S S O M P A R K T O W N H O M E S 
. N E W h o m e ,, b u ilt o y G a r r e t t 
B ro s I a 2 b ed room with 2 : bath! a n d a J b e d r o o m w ith a F I R E 
P L A C E Both h a v e sk yligh ts, dou 
Ole g a r a g e s o n d b ail! in k d c h 
F ro m $36,9oo to $43,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
443 734 i Guy Chipman Co. 

M o ry m o n t A r e g D r arnut - 
1 ■ 

 irony 
• Ir a s c at Feats a ber n g ex 1 
.tit. ut with ? roc ceilcix a nd ro ck t i t,rW M aces. 2 d e c k s a n d n u m e ro u s w indow s to exploit the m agnificen t vie w a n d p r e v a ilin g h ill c o u n t ry b re e ze s H o m e s open d o ily tor in u se lio n L o c a te d in F A I R O A K S . ills- n e w e s t o n d m o s t e x c i t i n g d e v e lo p m e n t N W of S o n A n to n io . 
Take IH IO north to L e o n Sp rin g s, of crated on o c c e ss to C o m p Stanley xvign Turn right, go 3’ .■ m i to F A IR . 
O A K } other 
DON SMITH CO 
_________*98 244o B R O K E R_________ 

4 Bedroom in Trailvuood r*«w h om e on 2 a c r e b e a u tifu lly w o o d e d t r o d C o n s tr u c t io n n e o r t p m g ie le 
B u y e r c o n st ill m a k e st lei h o n ut in fe rio r der or 
H u g e 
2HX4? tgm ily livin g o re a with la rge rock Fireplace 2 b o m s p iu s m o n y 
• tea fe a tu re s tor the best ii .m o 

OPIN 2 TO 5 
9 1 7 -9 1 9 
RITTIMAN RO. 

Duplex with 2 luny sued bediooms each tide 
A home with income. 
Owner will Imonce Mattes! Moro* 
Foley 

Century 21 

Delaney Realty 

653-o55o 

O P IN 2-5 
6114 FOREST VIEW 

FOUST OAKS — Great buy 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths o n shady lot 
O v e r 
19oo sq 
Ft 
REDUCED 
TO 
*4 o ,5 o o 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 

G R E A T 
A M E R IC A 
RL A LT O M * 

 north a n d out O 
W onder la mc m utt 

DON SMITH CO 
B R O X F P 
1 

4722 El VEDADO 
OLD FARM ll 
E pen for a peri 8 X 8 roo bv a n d view fbi from I til r utdr ogTn form er m odel hom e high ligh te d by w o rm fire p la c e , c u sto m c o v e re d r itio o n d m o th m o re A il this tor 
9.9oo A ssu m e 7 % V o r refin an ce on easy term s. 824 Ct 71 
R E P C A R P E T 

114 DOGWOOD 
R E D U N L O TO SC? SOO w jfy< 
o> 

344 4471 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

24o E. SUMMIT 
O P E N 2 4 weather p erm ittin g 
P ric e reduced an this uniq ue 5 or 6 b e d ro o m 
3 b oth h om e 
H a s J(9 | so rt of p u re c h a rm a n d liveability 
A m a rv e lo u s fa m ily hom e with pool cmd ga ze b o set a m o n g s t to w e rin g a u k s in d e sig n a te d h is to ric area 
Colt U s N ow F o r A n A p p t. 
124.o*o9 
N ile s 124-91o9 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C 
KEY GROUP 

B O E R N E A R E A f BHtBStu Hill Country it tot* 
1 *8 airt!, * uniat West at 
8oome an Hwy. 46. follow 
Opon house signs from Hwy. 
46. Brick home, largo tothodral calling, faintly raom. fireplace. 
Ivor running stream *69,9oo. 
Galt catted, 535-4387 

Open Sunday J OO 5; JO P M 
I W eather P erm itting) 

W H I S P E R I N G O A K S 

1 1 6 3 o W h i s p e r D e w 

(orth L a s t Scho o ls I pet m g OdS S at S72 9! 
*24 o)21 A N Y T IM E 

ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L I O R S-SQ Y e a r s o i l 9 U S T 

I to m tly ro o m w ith tire p l bk- b o ra ge with autom atic ■ ner. beoutitul ga rd e n s, cow to n o m a in t e n a n c e tee. N E louis t a u tly o n d a s s u m e $267 m onthly paym en t or refinance. 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
*9o 95o2 

NEAR FT. SAM 

Duplex plus I bedroom, living room, kitchen ond dining oleo each tide. 
Range ond refrigerator included. 
522,SCX) Hights 656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 341 9191 

£ H O M ES-N O B TH fA sT )(?To ) 

224 NATALEN units tarnished, se p ara te m eters, g o o d r e n t a l u n it n e a r F t S a m . 
Ow ner will finance, all rea so n ab le o t t e r s c o n s id e r e d l u c i l l e 
B ie rsch w aie 344 2341, 344 5649 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
Need A n E xce llen t In ve stm e n t? story 4 unit apt 
E a c h h a s livina ro om , b e d ro o m , bath. L a u iP D c d kitchen 
$36,5oo 
826-2439, 
R E A L T O R S 
JoNES»K1NG 
O W N E R A N X IO U S 
L o v e ly 4 U n it A p a r t m e n t h o u se 
O nly 8 yrs. old H a n d y to S e a rs and 
B ro o k s A F B Inco m e $56o mo. A> s u m e 
. in t n o te w it h $ 3 4 ? p aym en ts or refinance V A , F H A or 
Conventional. 349-65o3, 494 2o4o 
Martha Wo Hey Realtors 

Sell or T rode northw est 4 P ie s for la rge r apt build ing 734-2976 

STATE LIQUIDATION 
627 Le a l st 
2 sto ry , 6 ro o m s and bath ub front, 6 a pts of 2 ro o m s and bath at re a r 
In c o m e $226 m onth 
The lot is located in M a n u fa c tu rin g 
Zone 
S e llin g o n c e $14,5oo C a ll 
227 7265 or S I I o6o5 J S A R IZ O L A 
R E A L T Y C O 
25 U N IT A P T B U I L D I N G w ith la u n d r y ro o m , s w im m in g p oo l. c o v e r e d p a r k in o 
A ll b r ic k con stru ch on IOO occupied Excellent in c o m e o n d r e a s o n a b ly p r ic e d 
Located oft F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd 
Tower View Inc. 732-6157 

• h UNIT APT • 
L au re l H e ights 5 I bdrm I 2 bdrm , furnished $88o m o P ric e d $38,5oo 
• • •• •• 
E S T A T E S A L E 
• HOME AND INCOME • 
H u n t' 2 sto ry d up lex. 2 b e d ro o m s ii o bi Living, dining, breakfast ro om s C lean condition Oft B ro a d way. $24,6oo Realtors, 826 234/ 
Theta B. Preissman 

8 U N IT C O T T A G E C O M P L E X 
o E 
G r a y s o n , $5o,ooo f u rn . p aro le m eters, rents $88o month et I r in g o w n e r w ill c a r r y w ith 
5,ooo dow n, bal $3oo m onth P A ! tor 2o y r s at 8 
Other properties available 826 2o5o 
8 Units near S W I U. G ood incom e. 
Below A ppraisal, 
S A N T E X C O R E A L T O R S 653 o46o 
W A N T TO B U Y J lo IO older units. from retirin g ow ner, 344 6373 
3 1 j Y E A R O L D , A L L B R I C K D U 
P L E A . 2 B ed roo m s, I 'b a t h s , nice h vin a a re a. all electric kitchen in e lu d e s r e f r ig e r a t o r 
G o o d H o m e and 
Incom e 
C all 
824-o12) 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S so Y e a r s pf T R U ST 
Y oun g, re sp on sib le in ve sto r w ants to buy 2 35 older units from retiring owner. Call P a tric k 342-3673 

21o - HOUSES NORTHEAST 

PLAY AT HOME!! 
More of Everything 
In this spectacular home dr Giant IS It x 25' family room 
♦ Study of library off family room sn th built im 
★ Mossive stone fireplace 
* Fireplace ond bay window in 16 ft. x 22 master bedroom 
W Wet bor built in 

Best view of the golf course 

All for anly *69,95o 
VA or Conv. 
Call anytime 
659-1261, or 
625-1975 
N O RT H C LIF F^ 
Count! y Club (states 
Golf, Tennis, Swim 

T O W N H O U S E 
•NEW ORLEANS* 
C h a r m 
W r o u g h t iro n g a te a n d d eligh tful c o u r ty a r d e n try to this 
Old W orld C h a rm interior 3-2 2 
M aster b edroom dow n L iv in g ond dm ino room s, go urm e t k behen An t ig u e b r ic k e d g a r d e n p a tio . 
R educed to $43,5oo 826 2347 
Thelma E. Preissman 

Why Worry About "Jaws”? 

 tow nhouses, 2 or J bedroom s, with low equates a vailable now 
Catl 349-1434 A n ytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
__________IN C, RL A L T O R S 
W O O D B R ID G E t O W N H O M E S 
In Town Location Super A m enities 
31o2 Eisenhow er 
826 63o1 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

Si$,ooo 4 pit/*. 
(9,5oo U n f u r l. could tra d e u p 

R t G N t l R W £ A L T Y . IN C 
D U P L E X $13,Sue 

 trade tor 
N o rth OI 

DUPLEX 

O U P L E X p l u s g T r a g F A P T - 

734 4235 
G ra c e L a ird 
F O B S A L E f t U P L t x s 
714 ooo7 
*5 edf oom s, near Ft Sa m a nd Dow n mn ban Antonio. $3oo per m onth cam e A sk in g p u c e $29,5oo 
Flo yd P ric e Really 
Call H o r n s Fin ne y, I 324 2392 or M a r y M o rg a n , 732 SOI/ 

IDEAL LOCATION 
F o r b u s y p eo p le O n C o n o id 1 on 
Perfect corn er 
Jeff V illa ge lust 2 blocks, T h is 2 sto ry stone d up lex h a s J b e d ro o m s each. C ive in one a p a rtm e n t a n d let the oth er p a y your notes Im m ed iate p osse ssio n 
344834* 
Grace Arnold 

2-STORY HOMES 
NORTHERN HILLS 
In btautiful Northern Hills, new 2 story with unique design, 
4 bediooms, I Vt baths up and V» both down 2 cor got age, excellent view 536,45o 
ROYAL RIDGE 
English Tudor, new 2 story with' charm, 4 bedrooms, I 'A baths up, 
'A bath down Kick yew intenor colors 549,15o 
DAY OR NITE 
655-6848 

 m o r t e m 

TERRELL HILLS 
IMMACULATE and VACANT All brick 2-2-2. Formol living, dining, country su e kit­ chen. Fully carpeted, with pine paneled den, T W O 
FIREPLACES In the AO s. 
VALENCIA 
Charming 3-2-2, ONI LIVING 
ARIA, garden kitchen with breakfast a re a 
Freshly painted a n d fully d rap ed . 
* 3 2 , 9 5 o 
69o-98o2 
IC K E A f 
A M I HIC A 
I R I A tte >PS 

A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A 
H O M E F IN D IN G S t R V I C I 
We sp e cialize in fin d in g n o rth v d e best b u y * tor o u r clients For tree confidential se rv ic e can 341 4215or 
344 55/7 
C R A B T R E E R E A L T Y 
A A A A B A R G A IN A N D L O C A T IO N 
C lean 3 2 2, a pp lia n c e s $35o m o ves you in C o n ve n ie n t W in d so r P o rk . 
F irs! paym ent in M a rc h 
694-743o W A Y N E S L A T E R 3444)936 
A C O Z Y J bedroom ! J both. corpef, centro! heal a ir in R o n ch lo n d $23oo down, $25o m o C oll 
IN T E R S T A T E *2* o75$ til I am 

ALAMO HEIGHTS ill cc 
I Doth 
Ty not# on ttn$ 3 
©rn# w ct€$if,a&te. 

S t ra u d e r N e ls o n R e a l E sta te 

IN ALAMO HG IS 

 m l fenny 
UTO. 
G r a c e A r n o l d 

INCOME PROPERTY j tits F o r in to c a d &• rn West Neatly 225-43*8 

AIAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 

S tra u d e r N e lso n , R e a l E sto te 
A L A M O H E I G H T S i b e d ro o m , b a in , se p a ra te liv in g a n d citterns r o o m s 
F ir e p la c e M u c h c h a r m 
$34,5oo 824 6388,656 8o45 
REAVIS REALTY CO. 

W NoCMST 
All the trimmings in this luxury ex­ ecutive home, 4 bedrooms, 3 boths, 3 car goroqe, corner lot plus fine features. Owner relocating. 
Coll to see. Nites 826 7668 
UNDER $3o,ooo 
End of the hunt! 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, separate living room, dining and family room, split bedroom ar rongement, many extras, consider 
VA CALL NOW' Niles 826 /668 
WILSHIRE TERRACE looking for investment property, good equity buy, low monthly payments, neor Ft Som, trees, bus lines, don I wait Nites 826 /668 
TERRELL HILLS 
3 bedroom home on lorge lot near 
Ft. Sam ond downtown, huge trees, owner will cony finonung, 
Terrell Hills, Alamo Hgts. Schools. 
Niles 824 9318 
VALENCIA 
Neorly 21oo sq ft. beautifully landscaped Colonial 4 bedrooms on cul-de soc, neor pool, club, tennis ond El Dorado Elementary in better than new condition. Nites 341- 
28o3 
RANDOLPH AREA 
Under 53o,ooo buys you a 3 bedroom, 2 both, double gacoge home within walking distance of elementary school, lorge lot sur­ rounded by trees, immediate oc­ cupancy Noes 658 1428 
WILSHIRE TERRACE first listing 
3-2-1, beautifully decorated, carpet thru-out, s/c oven ond roof approx 2'/? yeors old, water heater ond goibage disposal new New paint in ond out, fence lot with trees Assume 
5'/«% VA loon. Niles 656 82)8 
MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Practically new, spotlessly dean 3 
2 2, nicely landscaped, trees, privacy fenced, move in now Niles 
656-8218 
FOR THE CHOOSEY 
See this very popular Dakota floor approx 15oo sq ti 3-2 2, plan, pl' 
. large fireplace, coveted patio, a really low assumption in El Dorado. 
Extro ebon and point is like new 
Niles 822 9438 
655-6848 

■ l i a r t a n s o u t h w e s t 

 r e a l t i 

A TOUCH OF CUSS 
TERRELL HlllS-AH 
SCHOOLS 

GENESEO RD. A magnificent brick with GUEST HOUSE with FP, hid pool 
This spacious home has separate foimol dining with FP ond is enhanced by handsome millwork, poiquet floors. 3-3 plus qtrs or 4th bedroom Immediate possession 

ELIZABETH RD. - Completely renovated 2 yeors ago 4-4 Vt plus quarters. Separate master suite with His Hers dressing rooms. 

JONES-KING 

826-2439 

(HOMES— NORTHEAST 
NaaMMNwaaaianawnMMMBay^ \ h #T 

ON 2 URGE LOTS 
6SCX) sq. ft. of incomparable con­ struction of o fcoction of repioce men! cost. 26'/?' moster bedroom with huge dressing oreo (4 other kingsized bedrooms + 2 room quarters), 3o living room with imported marble fireplace, 22’ dining room with unique cement tile flooring, 4o family room with wet bor Built in kitchen, library ond super greenhouse 

OLMOS PARK AREA lovely 2 story family home with o guest bedroom, ond both down, nigh ceilings, gleommg hardwood floors, living room wim fireplace, separate dining room, huge fami­ ly room, library, delightful patio. 

SENSATIONAL VIEW— 7 ACRES 
Sophisticated Contemporary with 
5 bediooms. plus quarters. Master suite with Library, 3 fireplaces, 2 basements IOO' DeHams tile deck ond olympic sized swimming pool 

TMI-AH SCHOOLS 
Miqhty trees surround this delightful I story. Lorge living- dinmg oreo (high beamed ceilings wide plonk flooring) 3 bedroom, 2 bulbs 
-f 2 cor garage and quarters. 

SMALL DOWN-OWNER 
FINANCED 
Great house to do over in ex­ cellent neighborhood 
3 bediooms, 2 baths, living room 
{fireplace), separate dining, pric­ ed in the 3o s. 

OAK FOREST NE SCHOOLS 
Charming Colonial, immaculate condition, hoidwood floors, separate living-dining room, delightful fondly room, electric qarage door opener. Priced in 4o s tor quick sole! 

TERRILL HlllS-AH SCHOOLS 
Delightful one story on o comer. living room with fireplace, separate dining room, family room (Redondo tile floor), 4 bedrooms, plus guest house. 
Gorgeous new kitchen. 824 3233, 
822 5973, 826 /314, 822 91o3, 
826 oo49. 

C 

 h o m e s - m o r t h e a s T ) ( 2 1 o ) 
’n bb man 

FIRST TIME ON MARKET 
TRUE DISTINCTION 
Of Traditional charm ond groce in this 2 story in a treed setting. 
Mcster suite (his and her bath) ond study plus 3 bedrooms, 2 baths. 
Spacious living ond dining rooms 
Spectacular family room plus gameroom. Complete gourmet kit­ chen 
Fine paneling, exquisite decor. Sprinkler, burglar and fire alarm systems. Treed grounds. 
Don t miss this! 

826-2347 REALTORS 

I HOMES— NORTHEAST 3 (2 1 o ) 
( HOMES— NORTHEAST ) ( 2 1 o ) 

“BUY TODAY’ 
For tomorrow s happiness see tAis 
4 bedroom, 2 Vi baths, plus lorge guest house, abundance ut closets ond storage Alomo Hats 
School. 
“ALAMO HGTS” 
Walk to Cambridge School, coll to see this 4 bedroom, white stucco home. Approx. 23oo sq. ft. Call us for details. 
8 2 2 - 3 3 o 1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

CAMELOT ll 
3 2 2, fireplace, cathedral ceiling, electric built-in kitchen, drapes, assume or refinance Coll now 
MOVE IN TODAY 
3 -1 V7-1 with centrl oic, oil ap­ pliances, carpet ond drapes Assume 
SI 77 mo. payments o1 refinance. 
Moke on offer on equity. Coll 
494-5571 
Nites 656-4189 

C E N T U R Y 

WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

HOMES HOMES HOMES 

We hove several homes rn the 
Northeast and Northwest oteo 2 to 4 bedrooms, I'/? to 2Vi boths, living rooms, formal dining rooms and some with family looms ond toepiece All lovely and coch with many extras 
Priced from S19.95o to $36,ooo 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HO M ES 

656 557o691-IT21 341-9191 

OLMOS PARK 
FOR THE EXECUTIVE 

2 story brick, with Old World charm ond formol entertaining Nestled on tree studded large lot omong more expensive homes Central heat on. 
Owner financed at low interest Ap­ pointment 

69o-922o Nites 492-1351 
BILLY FELLOWS 

538 LANARK 
Comfortable 3 bedroom home con­ venient to ft. Sam - central heot. 
732 1291. 826 3/38 
OWNER HAS NEW HOME 
A N X I O U S T O S C U 
REDUCED— attractive 3 bedroom, 2 both home in Terrell Hills. Spacious living-dining oleos - large workable kitchen storage galore! 828 1962, 
826 56oo, 826 3349 
MONTE VISTA 
HANDSOME- 2 story brick 
- 
5 bedrooms, 2V? baths Lorge living room with fireplace. French doors lead to covered porch, detached qtrs or guest 824 5279, 826-5893, 733 
8 9 4 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
Rtabors 826-8673 Anytime 

“NOW CAN BE SOU)” 
In Terrell Hills we offer this spacious family home, consisting of 3 2 ond 3 carport Alomo Hgts 
Schools. 

“PRESTIGE AREA” 
Add pride of ownership to this spacious 4 bedroom, 3 boih home in Terrell Hills New kitchen, don I miss this one Coll office 

8 2 2 - 3 3 o T 
HARTMEN REALTORS 

38o8 BENT BOW 
Brick, Colonial 3 bedroom, 2 both, study, large livinq room, separate dining, family room with fireplace 
N E Schools. Immediate possession. 
$57,5oo 
F R A Z IE R K E A L E S T A T E 
______________ 826 2393 
B E S T B U Y 
Accents on single1 living area in this 
3 2 2, fam ily designed home com piefe with fireplace and tots of car pet Only $15oo eautty 656-1234 
R E D C A R P E T 

BESTBUY!! 
Below m a rk e t value, just reduced to 
$32,5oo, O pen term s. L o v e ly settinci with beautiful trees, 3 bed room s, 2 baths, 2 car g a r a g e F o rm a l livin g and din in g room s, fam ily room with fireplace 
658-3535 A n y tim e 

M l R t 
J i 
B E S T B U Y , low equity J bedroom , 
2 full b a th s, a p p lia n c e s A s s u m e 
$144 m o N ig h ts 653 6116 
C e n t u r y 21 
T R IC O , R e a lto rs 149 6491 

MONTE VISTA 

123 W. LUILWOOD 

* Spacious Rock Home * 
* 2 Bedrooms-1 both * 

* Den-All Carpeting * 

* Detached Servants 
Quarters * 

* Excellent Condition * 
$55,ooo.oo 
822-5732 

ALAMO HGTS. 
L a r g e 4 b e d ro o m s , 3 b o t h s w ith w hite stucco. O v e r lo o k s the sw im m in g pool In yo u r b ack y a rd T ry this one 
824 2391 (A n y tim e ) 

B E T T E R T H A N N E W ’ 
Big, big 3 2 2 den. office, fireplace atrium H a n d y to e veryth in g. O pen term s 349-65o3, 822-16o) 
Marlin Worley Beattnns 

BIG KITCHEN 
T h is c o n t e m p o r a r y 3 b e d r o o m hom e is loaded with room 2 baths, huge livin g a re a, h an d y m an s dou blo g a ra g e Su p e r N e a t' E q u ity and ss urn© $299 m o nth ly paym ent, 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
____________ 
69o^3o2____________ 

BRAND NEN HSIUNG onvenient to 41o, a 4 bedroom , 2 
Doth hom e w ith a built rn office 2 living a re as, sc re e n e d patio. 
W H E R E C A N Y O U F I N D a I be droom . 2 both h om e under $25,ooo in perfect c o n d itio n ’ In Schertz, Let us 
,how you! 
494 3448. A N Y T I M E 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A O 225 I66» 

AIAMO HGIS. SCHOOLS 
JUST LISTED 
T h is a na lity older h om e h a s 3 be d ro o it ii, I . b a t h s a n d d e ta c h e d u aru u e with another fin ish ed ro om 
M id JO s. 

828-6391 A n y tim e 

A L A R G E 4 b ed roo m . 2 bath with c a r p e t , h e a t a ir . f e n c e d 
$1 5o o dow n. $225 m o C all 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o753 til 8 pm 

ALL IN THE FAMILY w ill like the lo ro e I liv in g a re a 3 b ed roo m corn er lot M o m wilt love tne sid e by sid e re frig . se lf c le a n m g oven, d ishw ashe r, g a rb a g e d e ­ posal, and D o d will a p p re cia te the sto rm d oor a n d la n d sc a p e d y a r d 
A ssu m e 8 % V A at $?/# per m onth 
653-435o 

R E A l T O R S W A I / E M O F F I 

A N E W H O M E with T R E E S ! This ro cs 'n c e d a r, 2 story hom e is on a la n d s c a p e d , c o r n e r lot w ith a n o p e n liv in g a r e a w ith fir e p la c e . g a r d e n w in dow in d in in g ro o m , 4 bedroom s, ? baths! 
$3o,95o 
R E A L T O R S 
*58 7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co. 

A P P R O X . $*,354 o s s o m e s the V A loon of o low I i! P o y o nly $143 SO per m onth tor J b ed roo m hom e w ilh tots ot paneling 
$2o,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*5 ^ 7 )4 1 
Guy Chipman Co, 

ASSBME SISB MONIH 
1 
C a r p e t e d 
L i v i n g oi 
I I paneled, nice b a c k y a rd 
C oll C U N H A R E A L T Y 
M ia m i 

ASSUME VA LOAN 
A ve ry low enemy p aym en t will put you in this comic,, table 3 b ed roo m n om e tu t s of carpet, ce n tra l air heot N ortheast schools, convenient 
IO F I 
S a m a n d R a n d o lp h 
F o r view ing, coft 673 5o83 A N r T l M L 
WORLD WIDE REALTY a v a i l a b l e n o w " 4 7 1 , tow 2 o $ 
M a n y I xtro sl 663 28o3 

BARGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
N a d ow n p a y m e n t to a n y o n e , 3 4 b e d roo m s. 2 both s. so m e w ith a ir a n d all appliances, first p a y m e n t in 
M a rc h 
344 3o91 B O B O e P A O L O R E A L T O R 

B R I C K 'N C E D A R 3 b e d ro o m , 2 both, fantastic den, lots of carp e t 
$4,532 equity. S298 mo. Colt 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o733 til 8 pm 

BROOKWOOD 
P r e s t i g i o u s I b e d r o o m , ? b o th hom e 
F o r m a l liv in g a n d d in m q , lo v e ly d en w ith fir e p la c e 
E x lra a rg e c ove red patio F o r detail* o nd new m g, call 653-o57o A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
B Y O W N E R E l D o ra d o 4 bedroom , 
2 b ath , (O v e r e d p a tio th e re o n ?, p rivate vord. could ase 4th b edroom o s 25o sa ft g a m e room , cut de sac 
M o v in g m ust sell In IO d a y s W ell below a p p r a is a l at $38,995 B u y e r fin a nced 48o2 L a S a lid a 65) 5oo5 atter 4om 

B y Ow ner. E 
Shearer H ills, 3 2 2. form al d in in g room , g a s fireplace, sp a ciou s ro om s, la rge yard, $46,9oo. 
828 4536, o r 655 7951 

B Y O W N E R . 3 2 1, K ir b y a r e a . i Q ty, aevum*- 461 3534 
B Y O W N E R L o r g e 3 bedroom , } > b a th , p r iv a c y fe n c e , o c c e s s to p r iv a t e t e n n is c o u r t, s w im m in g 
POO! $64,9oo 4V4 63/9 
B y owner, near schools, 3 1 I. cen tral A H, built ins, fenced, c ove red 
PQtiQ, $2? SOO 653 76o1 
B Y O W N E R 
O H N a c o 
R d 3 2 2 
Appts, t a ip e i d ru p e s E q u ity a n d a ssu m e $29 wjQ e ss s ^ u 
B Y O W N E R 
F o rg e ( ■ ■ 
C56 l4 * ll 

R e du ced 
J * VA, 
I 2 2 V olle y 
$75oo eaity. 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e f e r r a ls to o th e r h o m e s 
"F o r Sole B y O w ne r 342 9391 
San Antonio H o m e o w n e rs A sso c 

BY OWNER 
1848 Sq ft 3 2, 2oX22 fam ily room , with fireplace, pafio with b arb eq u e pit. G r e e n h o u s e , s t o r a g e sh e d . 
M a n y e x t r a s . S t a r k e s t A r e a . 
$36.9oo 633 3o*6, 633 45o3 

B y ow ner, V a le n c ia , 4 2 2, c o l de sac, fire p la ce , patio, oil b ric k, ex lr OS g o lo re , v o co nt 636 o817 
C A M E L O T ll B e a u tifu l 3 2 2. a p p liances $37$ dow n p ay m e n ts I2Vo 
J A J 
674-$4o1 
A N Y T IM E 
C A M E L O T ll N O D O W N 
A n y o n e o n r e d e c . 3-2 2 c o r n e r . 
Apply, carpet, air, p riv a c y fence 
53o.5oo 
828 4 545 P R I A R O S R E A L T Y 24 hrs. 
C A M E L O T ll N o D o w n A n yo n e 
A lm ost n ew 3 2 2 corn er lot with quality lence, air, h uge kitchen with app liances, only $27o a m onth 
344 $544 M art M c C o rm ic k 344 2991 
T T ^ 
-------- 
’I ti s ii mg, tum n, tray 
$4o, 

 thrush root 

65 
3643 
HJV 

I 
2 2 Separate i, c ove red patio. 
Sell ar 
Rent. 

 r r $ E A S Y T O P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A O 2)5 1466 

I 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
MANSION 
Everything you ever dreamed of— PLUS. Over SOOD sq. ft in this beoutitul 2 story home on 1.6 otres in ALAMO HEIGHTS Quarters, wetbor, sprinkler system, basement, ana so, so much more! 
( 

Col! for appointment todof 

BOB MCGINNIS < 
REALTORS f a ™ 
A 
349-6211 

CEDAR AND GLASS 
Open and a ire v with lots of style and p ric e d rig h t! C le an e r tha n new, bedroom s, 2 baths, $34,5oo 

828-6391 A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
1oo3 N E Loop 41o office 

CHARLIE’S ANGEL S 
W o u ld lo ve th is 2 st o r y h o m e in 
M a c A r t h u r T e rr a c e o n d yo u w ill too! 4 b e d ro o m s T i b a th s dou b le g a ra g e , lots of c a rp e t o n d m a n y e xtra s. 2,2oo sa ll 
B o s le y w ould have a p p ro v e d of the p rice a nd you will too! $52,ooo 
653-435o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S W A L Z E M O F F IC E 

•2 Choice Locations* 
A L A M O H E IG H T S S C H O O L S C O o k 
P o r k A re d ) 2 liv in g o r e o s tor the p r ic e of o n e 
B e a u t if u l F r e n c h 
P rovin c ia l, exquisite decor. 5 5 4 

O L M O S P A R K . O v e r 2Aoo liv in g a rc o 45o' c o v e re d sc re e n p o rc h 
Q u a rte rs a nd both 3 2 3 
822 )223 
655 933o 
828-2316 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
824 7334, A n ytim e 
C L O S E T O B A S E S ! J U S T L IS T E D in L IV E O A K on b eoutitul c o rn e r lot. 3 B edroom , 2 baths. ? car ga r a g e 
F a m i ly ro o m h a s b e o m e d c e ilin g. A ll e le c tric k itc h e n w ith b reakfast a re a P an ele d study P o tio is cove red and scree n ed 
E v e r y t h in g in M in t C o n d it io n ! C a l 
.142 3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW K W 
R f A l T O P S SO Y e a rs Of T R U S T 
C lo s e to R a n d o lp h . 4 la r g e d roo m s ideal tor lo rge fa m ily 
65b 5473 

COLD WEATHER is here o n d this 3 2 2 h a s 2 w ood b u rn in g fire p la ce s p lu s lots of open liv in g sp a c e , c a rp e te d w ith g o ld sh o o c o rp e f, all e le ctric h a r v e s t aold kitchen, la rg e b a c k y a rd with p riv a cy fence A real b oy at $42,5oo 
G E N E W IL S O N 
656 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 
KEY CROUP 

EASY TERMS FOR 
VETERANS 
C L O S IN G C O S T * oil yo u p a y to m ove you 
>ato this 3 bedroom hom e in a quiet 
N ortheast neighborhood. Enjoy the serenity 
For Ie** than the appraisal value, 
$22,5oo 
Evening* call Eleonora 
6536382 
$ 8 o o 
D O W N to qualified 
Veteran*. 3 bedroom s, 2 both,, with fenced yard and several shade tress $ 2 / ,2 o o 
N O 
D O W N to 
Veteran* 
3 b edroom *, range and com pletely redecorated for on ly $ 1 9 ,5 o o . 
B E A T T H I E N I i G Y S H O R T A G E with 
2 spacious bedroom s and h uge living area with fireplace lo cate d near the heort o f town and on busline, kitchen recency remodeled. 
Evenings call 
655 2o9o. 

 cent!/ 
Herb 

Century 21 
Delaney Realty 
653-o55o 

OLO CAMELOT 
New on Mutket, spotless 3 bedroom, 
2 both with the garage converted to a 24x22 gameroom, ftrepkice in den, wolk to oil schools. 541,9oo. Call 828- 
5/o4 

I. TERRELL HILLS 
Newly painted 3 bedroom, 2 both home, appliances and drapes remain. 
Open terms. 523,95o. Call 828-5/o4 

For COMPLETE DETAILS 
CALL 828-57o4 

F I R S T T I M E O F F E R E D of th is price. A la m o H e ights 3-2, com plete ly re n o v a te d , b e a u tifu l su n r o o m - den. la rge kitchen, d e c k s and fire place. Central air heat $78,ooo. B y owner, 22/ 6716, 224-4486 
F O R F A S T title se rv ic e with no un n e c e ssa ry delay let A L A M O T IT L E 
C O handle the Deal 227 o231 
F o r Sa le B y O w n e r, T o w n h o u se 
M o r y m o n t , off S t a r c r e s t , 2 be droom , 2 bath, I level, p rofe ssio n al 
Iv decorated, m id 5o's 655 5525 
FT SAM AREA 
W ont o J bedroom hom e in Ft Sa m n e a r E 
T e r r e ll H i l l s ? $27,5oo 
O w ner v e ry anxious. 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494-16o1 494 3o12 

GARDEN COURT EAST 
3 2 1. all electric kitchen, carpeted, la rg e te rra z o e n try hall 
A ss u m e with m onthly p aym en ts of $16/ 
G E N E W IL S O N 
656-3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 
KEY CROUP 

IF YOU THINK BIG with a sm all pocket book, you m ust se e this p o p u la r C o r o n a d o plan. 
M a s t e r b e d ro o m 23.8x12. G a rd e n kitchen and m u ch more. 
824 2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S , 1142 A U S T IN H W Y 
I M M E D I A T E P O S S E S S I O N ’ E ceptionolly nice, better than new, 3 b edroom s, 2 b oth s with oil e x tra s 
A ss u m e low e qu ity o r re fin a n c e 
Call 341 4666 N O W ! N ile s 344 7o36 

3. C O IN C . R E A L T O R S M L S 
• •••Iii C am e lo t, N o th in g d ow n to a n y o n e ’ 
3-2 2 
$3o,5oo. 
84o6 G len 
Shadow 
923-19o4 A rcm raqo R e alty 9?3 SJO* 

IT’S A DAZZLER 
Som eone w ho c ares n os lived in this absolutely. Im m acu late 3 bedroom . 
2 b a th h o m e 
F e a t u r e s f o r m a l r o o m s , f a m ily ro o m , c a r p e t in g , d r a p e s , w a te r so fte n e r, e le c t r ic g a ra g e door opener, sp rin k le r sy s fem , cove red patio with Saltillo file storage shed, a nd w orth e v e ry bit of only $4o,9oo N ile s 828 8597. 
C e n t u r y 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 242o A N Y T I M E 

KINIRY SETTING.? 
Quaint English 
Charm 
2 Story 
Al! Brick 
• DOUBLE EIR EP LACE 
• One in family roam 
• One in master bedroom 
• DOUBLE BAY WINDOWS 
* With gorgeous view 
• 2'/i Baths... 
Ar Ail tile and marble 
• HUGE STORAGE-CLOSET 
SPACES 
• DINING ROOM 
* With black MIRRORED 
WALL AND WAINSCOTE 
YOURS TO OWN 
NOW! 
AT ONIY *6o,75o 
VA OR CONV. 
Please Coli 
659-1261 or 625-1975 

N O R T H C L I F F E 
Country Club Estates 
, Tennis. Satin 

4*3 L IN C O L N S H IR E 
N o dow n p aym en t to Vets. C hoice location, sm a ll 2 b e d ro o m hom e, c o m p le t e ly r e m o d e le d . 
$1o,25o 341-8134 
A B D O 
494 3229 
L IV E O A K B E A U T Y 
3 2 1, $27o d o w n , $ ?4 o m o n t h 
675 1691, 623 5/2o, 673 o352 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

L I V E O A K E S T A T E S 
O w ner Tran sferred . 3-2 with central heat and air, stove, vent a hood and c lo th e s d r y e r . P r ic e d at O N L Y 
SJ I,OOO on open term s. 
341 2222 
Anytim e. 
C e n t u r y 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A C T O R S 
L I V E T H E G O O D L I F E r ig h t at h om e, lo r g e 3-2-2, I liv in g a re a , pool, p riv a c y fence, cove red patio, 
$35,5oo. 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494-7781 

LOTS OF EVERYTHING 
C arpeting, drapes, telephone lacks. 
TV antenna, w alk in clo se ts, roof vents, life tim e faucets, a re oil part of this im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath hom e located on the c o rn e r lot 
$31,9oo. 

L O W D O W N P A Y M E N T C le a n 2 bedroom , e xtra lo rge lot, near Ft. 
Sam . 
S A N T E X C O , R E A L T O R S *43 o46o 
L O W $15oo E Q U IT Y 3 2-2 
F irep lace In sun ke n livin g area, h uge g a rd e n kitchen, a pp liances, air, carpeted, cove red patio, p riv a cy fence, a ssu m e 
$312 monthly. 
344-5564 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344 2993 
LO W , L O W E Q U IT Y ! T h is 4-2-2 with fire p la ce , 5 b ig o a k s, la rg e b ack y a rd , p atio a nd m u ch m o re. F o r only $36,ooo! 434 2341 
R E D C A R P E T 
L U X U R Y 4-17 O N L Y $65o 
Total dow n c lo sing with first pint in M a rc h ! C ustom built brick, living, d in in g and fa m ily room s, full carpet, air, m ore. $49,5oo, 
C hurchill, Sa n P e d ro H ills are a! 
344 5564 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344 2993 
M A K E O F F E R A ssu m e $164, clean 
3 bdrm s. A ir, tenced off M id crow n, vacant, m o ve today, will trode 
49* 747o W A Y N E S L A T E R 349 9278 

MONTE CISTA 
Stately. ? '-tory b ric k hom e, 4 be d ro o m s, 2 ,■ b a th s, 2 f ir e p la c e s , sw im m in g pool, a p p rox 45oo su ti in beautiful update condition. C all tor details. 824 o284, Realtors. 
STEVE! FINCH 

MONTE VISTA 
P R IC E R E D U C E D 
T h is unique 5 or 6 bedroom , 3 hath h om e h a s 3198 sa ft. of p u re c h a rm o nd liveability, a m a rv e lo u s hom e with pool a nd gazebo, set a m on gst t o w e rin g o a k s o n d a d e s ig n a te d historic a rca. C all u s now for an appointm ent 
826 o6o* 
N ile s 824-91o9 
S U E W E E M S & A SSO C . 
KEY GROUP 

IF S A BOGH! 
B u t w o n d e r f u l o p p o r t u n it y fo r som eone w ith a w ild im a gin a tio n , lots of elbow grease, a ton of paint a n d a little m one y 
4 b e d ro o m s, 2 b a t h s . S i t OOO. P S th e r o o t is go o d !!! 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

* M O N T H S O L O 
3 2 2. built in kitchen, sin gle carpet d living area, centro! air heat uke ow. O w ner will c a rry second lien 
Century 21 
*53 8131 Bill P a rk in s R lty A55 S224 

IF S A DOG!!! 
B u t w o n d e r f u l o p p o r t u n it y fo r som eone w ith a w ild im a gin a tio n , lots of elbow grease, a ton of paint o n d o little m o ne y 4 b e d ro o m s. 2 b a t h s , S I I .OOO 
P S th e r o o t is g o o d !!! 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

C O N T E M P O R A R Y hom e on la n ds ro p e d lot. b o s 3 b e d ro o m s, liv in g ro o m w ith fire p la c e , p a n e lin g in fam ily room A N D g a r a g e ' 
$48 5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658 7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co. 

C O R N E R 
O F 
O B L A T E a n d 
M C C U L L O U G H L a rg e I b ed room bath, den. tenced Id eal location 
N o down to V etera n s 
341 8134 
A B D O 
4V4 3229 

C O T T A G E C H A R M a ro om y 3 2 ? F in ish e d g a ra g e w orkbench, sink cove red patio oil den, p riv a cy fenced, fruit trees 
M A C R I A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
C ozy ond C onvenient 
W ils h ir e V illa g e , 2-1 I. c lo se to schools a nd Ft Sam , $17,5oo F H A a p p raise d north loop inc. 
R E A L T O R S -M L S 
828 5*3* 
O O N 'T O V E R L O O K this 4 b edroom . 
2 bath b rck hom e located in V aien cid L iv i n g ro o m w ith fir e p la c e . din in g room , electric kitchen, 2 po 
N o s. p r iv a c y fe n c e , c o r n e r lot 
342 3211 A N Y 11 M L 

JUST LISTED 
R e la x a ro u n d fhe fire p la ce in this new single livin g a re a hom e with 3 bedroom s, 2 b aths a nd electric kit chee N E school d istrict All this tor o n ly $14,ooo o p e n t e r m s 
N o c lo sing cost, V A . nites, 494 6953. 
494 7711 
D O N J O H N S O N R E A L T O R S 
KEY CROUP 
K E Y 
P R O P E R T Y lh 
O L M O S 
P A R K T h is g ra c io u s hom e includes 
2 b e d ro o m s, 2 b aths, la ra e liv in g ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e , b r e a k f a s t ro om , s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m a n d m a n y b u ilt in s , g u e s t h o u s e , q u a r t e r s L a r a e sp r in k le re d lot. 
Im m ediotc p o sse ssio n ! 
824 o121 
A N Y T IM E . 

E L E G A N C E 
It you see this erauanf hom e you will know you have found the out 3 2 2 
B e a u t if u l c h a n d e lie r s in e v e r y ro o m 
E x t r a q u a lity fh rc o u t 
In 
T housand O u ks i62 5oo 821 o171 
R E D C A R P E T 

 t needs absolute", c o c a s h 
2 bedroom , close to b usline 
828 o645 
716-174* 
534 4439 
W A T 5 Q N «■ SO N R E A L T O R S 

S2.8So EQUITY 
A n d o ssu m e low m onthly p ay m e n ts on this lo v e ly 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, 
IOO b r ic k h om e w ith fir e p la c e 
Call now 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 

 t x c e p ttonal n ice patio, p riv a c y tcnc 
G uilford. 82? o639 

: a r p ( ted 
I. $21,ooo 

 appt 

UtlVI* 
B y Ow ner 5 5 4 , Ste sa ti on tented c orn e r 
* jiid sp rin k le r syste m 5 m m 
Chill E ise n h o w e r, N o rth S 
. IO m in 
' j A .r p p r t, J ti is, one in 2o*6o m a ste r so cedar sh a k e root, m a n y im m a c u la te ! C a ll ow ner 
)4i o3o5 N o agents please 

FIRST OFFERING 
3 b e d ro o m , ! ’» both, IOO . b r ic k hom e on a la rge corn er lot P ric e d rn 2o s A n d C e n tra l a ir a n d heot, beautiful h ard w o o d flo o rs a nd this hom e will veil autck, see today 
349 S i l l a r 349 4343 A n ytim e 
Beanie Opts Co 

KIRBY 
Y o u con ottord this 3 bedroom , 11 > b o th h o m e w ith o ir, c o m o le t e ly e qu 'P p e d kitchen o n d fenced y a rd with trees Open te rm s C oil 653 o57o 
A N Y T IM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

LADIES! 
H ave you been looking for g bom i with a la rge kitchen a n d oddte1. o sto ra g e ’ Just listed a beautiful J , w ith sin g le liv in g a r c a w ith tire place, se p arate din in g low equity! 
B e ryl W etgand 344-2341, 342 * 45* 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
L e a v in g town, m ost sell! San P e d ro 
H ills. 3 2 2 
F ire p la c e , sp lit level, la rge b ed roo m s 494 7649 
L E S S T H A N $4o,ooo 
F o r th is tru ly im m a c u la t e 3 2 2 
F o rm e r m odel hom e w ith C ustom built patio, fireplace o nd over sized cou n try kitch en E a s y to a ssu m e . 
7 v V A loan or refinance 824 o171 
R E D C A R P E T 

LET THEM THINK 
YOU’VE SPLURGED! 
O o n t tell the m the p r ic e is o 
$4 1,9oo tor this J b ed roo m , 2 both ranch hom e with gre at cou ntry kit chert w ith c a t h e d r a l c e i li n g s throughout in F o re st O a ks, 
C oll 349 1436 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C . R E A L T O R S 

MOVE IN NGW ttractive 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e w ith s in g le g a r a g e 
R a n g e , re frig e ra to r. d ish w a sh e r a nd d isp o sal A ssu m e low interest V A note or nance Fo r details and view ing, call 653 o57o A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

MR. EXECUTIVE 
C h a rm in g 4 2 2, carp etin g, custom d r a p e s , la r g e f a m ily ro o m w ith fireplace, o ver 19oo sa. tt of lu xu ry living A ssu m e or refinance. P ric e d at $5o,5oo 
G E N E W IL S O N 
456-3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 
KEY GROUP 

N A L A M O H G T S $19,275 
Redec. 3 I den, h a rd w o o d flo o rs. s, fenced W alk to m all 
828-4545 P R I A K O S R E A L T Y 2 4 h rs 
NEAR CENTRAL PARK 
Clean 3 bedroom home, 2 bath near 
C entral P a rk M all Low 3o s O w ner v e ry a nxio u s 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494 1*o1 494 3o12 
N E A R H O U S T O N A N O IH IO 
I e with 2 three b ed roo m h ou se s a nd la rge ga rage , r e p a irs needed 
O w ner c a rry with sm all dow n Coll 

H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
________ 
333*358 

NEAR RANDOLPH AEB 
M o v e in tom orrow , v a ry attractive $ b ed room h om e in e xce llen t c o n d i­ tion, la rge room s, separate den with fire p la c e , d o u b le o v e n . e le c t r ic g a r a g e d o o r o p e n e r , b e a u t if u l drop es o nd coroutine. 
M id 5o$. 
341 72o1 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
N e a r w in d s o r P a r k ^ / q il, b a s e s 
N ew ly o e c o ra le d w on lo w ail c a r ­ peting, 3 I I, centro! heat. fenced, vacant 
318 A rte m is 
824 791? or 
655 »467 

New Home Under S5o,Doo 
A r e yo u s e a r c h in g tor a c u sto m built new h o m e u n d e r $5o,OOO 
3 beautiful h om e s a vaila b le tor under 
$5o,ooo in the Sun P e d ro H ills are a 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494 1*o1 494 1o12 

NEW LISTING im m a c u la t e 2 sto ry . M a s t e r be droom and bath down, 3 b ed roo m s 
Ond bath up A ll c arp e te d O n ly 2 yrs. Old and only $3o,9oo 124-4571 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 
N E W Y E A R S S P E C IA L 
N o r t h r id g e 
3 la r g e b e d r o o m s , fom iiy sized den, liv in g d in in g com bo. o versized dbl g a ra g e on sh a d y corn er lot 828 6191 
CLINT LEAKE 

N O D O W N TO A N Y O N E 
3 oorn oil brick hom e tented 
/O M large frees. SISO m o 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494 77g1 
No dow n to on yon e t f er r I'M Hills, 
J b edroom s, 2 b am s, la rge fenced yard, p aym en ts less tho rent 
344 1o91 B O B De P A O L O R E A L T O R 

IT $ E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A D 225 1*66 

2o2 CANTERBUHV HILL 
Colonio) B ric k 
J sto ry with la rg e b e a u tifu l ro o m s , h ig h c e ilin g s , 4 b ed roo m s, 3 b ath s, 3 c o r g a ra g e , quarters, C h o ice location $1 //.OOO. 
826 847o 
Francis Allgelt O’Neill 

FIRST OFFERING 
O n C o m b r id g e O v a l, s p a c io u s 2 sto r? hom e in prestige A H L o rg e liv in g a nd d in in g 4 b ed roo m s, de toe lied office with b ath p lu s certs 
Beautiful lot 82b 334* ti urn J a n u a ry 
4 IU lath 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
9 1 *8 6 )3 A n ytim e 
F IR S T T IM L O N M A R K E T 
• FOB HAPPINESS • 
Y o u 'v e a d m ire d lira e xterior OI this lovely hom e, now enioy the delight tut in t e r io r 
7 S t o r y b r ic k , 5 b e d ro o m s!I dow n), 3 ’ .* b ath s P lu s g u e st w m g (2 fO Q m s, b ath ). L iv in g a n d d in in g ro o m s. W o r m fa m ily room ( F P ) H e ale d pool, 826 234/. 
Thelma B. Preissman 

. • n g 
Open Monday thru friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 

D E A D L I N E S : 
M o n d a y thru Thursday 
5 OO P .M . for Fo llo w in g D ay 
Frid ay I;3 o for S a tu rd a y 
Frid ay 5 P M for S u n d a y 
Frid ay 5 .3 o P M . For M o n d a y 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

C a n ce lla tio n s an d C o rre ctio n s can be m ade 

M o n d a y thru Frid a y 8 A M til 5 3 o P M , 

The E x p re ss N e w t C o rp , a cce p ts re sp o n sib ility 

 fo r e rro rs the first d a y o f publication only. 

13318855 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS AOS 

Son Antonio EXPR E S S -N E W S — S u nd ay Janu ary 9 1 9 7 7 
P age 
9 -C 

2 LINES 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
# 

N O N C O M M E R C IA L ! 
CANCELLABLE • 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- quick RESULTS! 

« — cHOMES— NORTHEAST 
CKMIIOT ii— 

EXCEPTIONAL 
Sharp, 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath, 
Con­ temporary home. One of our best offerings — sunken lining room with formal dining area, and family roam. A showplace! 
Upper 3o's. George leGrand 
655-o7o7.653-o865. 
WINDCREST 

5915 
WINTERHAVEN. 
4 bedrooms, 3 baths, luxurious split-level that includes a gameroom with wet bar. Many extrasl 
$o5,ooo. 
Tim 
Ashby 
655-o7o7,655-o328. 

NORTHERN HILLS 
This s h a rp 3 2 
. n e a r th e g o lf c o u rs e , has lu s t b een re d u c e d . 
Spacious and in excellent condition. 
It is ready tor auick occupancy. A splendid bargain at $57,8oo. Nites 
W 385o 
828-8241 
DON JOH NSON , R E A LTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

N O R T H R ID G E 
P A R K 
AromVo 
H eig h ts Schools. B e o u titu l 3 be droom, 2 bath, den, double garage. 
New paint inside and out C entral heat, la rg e lot 
P ric e d to r quieti sale. 
Call now to see. 
349 4276, 
826-5271 

NORTHWOOD AREA 
Lovely, all brick retirem ent home 2 bedrooms, 2 bath, huge living room , b u ilt in s, c a r p e t a n d (tr a c e s throughout, central heat air, double garage, lots ot trees. SJO,OOO. 
BUDDY UECKER 
______________ 824 7361 

NORTHWOOD 
C h a rm in g 3 b e d ro o m , 2 . b a th . c o lo n ia l on c h o ic e N o rth w o o d corner lot. large den and gard en room overlook oak studded patio cmd yard, decorated with a d a re ', tinder 46o,ooo 
826-o6o6 
Niles 824 6689 
SUE W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 
OAK P A R K ! Looking for Something 
E xtra Special ’ 3 Bedroom Colonial, designed tor large fam ily, with up­ stairs gam e room , den and swim m ing pool. A lam o H eights School 
D is tric t. Im m e d ia te possession. 
494 7651 A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW & KLINE 
RE ALTO RS 5o Y ears of TRUST 
OFF NAC OG DO CH ES 42o,5oo 
By the m onthl 4 2-1. H u rry ! 
828-4545 PR I AKOS R E A L T Y 24 hrs. 

I 
TERRIFIC BARGAINS! 
13434 PATMORE 
I 
4-2-1, central heat and oir, carpeting Appraised S22.85o. 
I 
_ 
4911 TEASDALE 
I 
3-2-1, central heat and air Ap 
I pliantes. 
Priced under area 
' 
521,5oo 
I 

4815 CASA MANANA 
3-1-1, appliances, low equity. 
Assume payments $168 or rent 

521o. 
219 ENCHANTED 
1 

3-2-2, 
Harmony Hills. 
Almost l/OOsq ft. Reduced $1,ooo below appraisal. 

4818 WORDSWORTH 
1 

3-1 '/?-den, central heat and air. 
Reduced $2,ooo. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS JL4 
, 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 
SECLUDED AREA 
You'll enioy living in tnis small town a tm o s p h e r e . 
L o v e ly h o m e on corner lot, I large living area with fire p la c e , e x tru room ott u tility room Paym ents 4237. 7 
VA loan. 
658 3535 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S R A N D O LP H O F F 

C h OMES-NORTHWEST ) ( 2 1 2 V ( h OMES-NORTHWEST 3 ( 2 1 2 ) 
(H O M E S — NORTHWEST ^ ( m 
) 
Q o M E S-NO R TH W EST ^ ( 2 1 2 ) 
Q oM E S -N O R T H W E S T ) ( 2 1 2 ) 

Y O U R M O V E 

HOMES— NORTHWEST h o m e s - n o r t h w e s t 

SEE II FIRST 

O F F NACO G DO CH ES 
3 bedroom air, big fenced yard Less than 535o move in cost No paym ent til M arch. 
G reot A m erica Realtors 69o-98o2 
O F F SAN P E D R O 
4 bedroom . 2 oath. den, firep lace. plush c a rp e t, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g , m icro w ove oven, electric kitchen, big lot 349-65o3, 826-69o3 
Martha Worley Realtors 

The first 517,5oo gets this lovely 2 bedroom home on N New Braunfels near Ft. Sam Houston. It can be p u rch ased V A , F H A, or C o n v e n ­ tional loon For viewing call 342 41 15 
A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

S P A C IO U S 
L I V IN G ! 
V a u lte d cathedral ceiling in huge ^replaced den H ave both a 3 and 4 bedroom . 
Easy to own. No paym ents til April. 
GASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69o-899o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 
Spanish C o n te m p o ra ry . Spacious 
4 2 2. 2ox3o fam ily room , fireplace, a r tis t lo ft, fo r m a t d in in g room covered patio, heat a ir, appliances, excellent te rm s, assum e or retin once 454,ooo W ill trode on sm aller homo 
344 3o91 BOB D cP A O LO R E A L T O R 

2o28 Sq Ft 
C A M E L O T 
4 b e d ro o m . 2 s to ry home with F IR E P L A C E . 2 ': baths. 
D e c o ra to r w all c o v e rin g iii 2 b e ­ drooms and dining W ater softener tool! V acant Open term s by a n i ious s e lle r!! 828 6343, eves 6S3-9596 
Cornelius 8 Associates 

STOP HERE! 
This owner is ready to talk term s. 
Spacious 3 bedroom with beautiful carpet, central heat and a ir. 523,5oo. 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
1oo3 NE Loop 41o office; 

O F F T O E P P E R W E IN R D 
J ti*, droom s. 2 baths, appliances, oir 
41oo moves you in, M a rch first paym ent. 
696-742o W A Y N E S LA TE R 674-6126 

QLD ALAMO HEIGHTS 
FIR S T O F F E R IN G 
Stately, oil wm te brick, 4 bedroom hom e, m a s te r s u ite , bos s ittin g room, unsuollv nice d e ta ch e d guest room and O studio or playroom plus m aid s Quarters with kitchen, Mag- nificent large lot. 
826-o6o6 
Niles 822-9618 
SUE W E E M S & ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 
O L D E R H O M E in prestig io u s OI m o i P o rk , has p o te n tia l g a lo re 1 
Living, dining and fa m ily room s, 
F i r e p l a c e s bedroom s (o r, 4 pius study 17x12!), q u a rte rs 1 
569,9oo 
R E A LTO R S 
824 9631 
Guy Chipman Co. 

OUT NAC O G DO CH ES No Down 
Clean 3 1 .-I, a ir, 425o moves you in 3 weeks. 52o8 m onth1 
344 5564 H a rt M cCorm ick 344 2993 
OUT W A L Z E M No Down Anyone 
Clean I l l. a ir, den, appliances. 
Only 42o8 a month! Coil to sec1 
344-5564 H a rt M cCorm ick 344-2993 

POPULAR AREA 
A house full of extras is w hat you will find in this new 4 bedroom , 2 both home, located on o Quiet col de soc 
E x tro in s u la tio n k eeos the utility bills low Only 564.7oo nites, 
49? 2831 
494 7711 
DON JOHNSON, R E A LTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

2 STO RY 
On Oui De Soc lust ott Nacogdoches 
Road 
Big b o r ti q u e a n d m a n y other extras. Coll 822-58o8 
ED G IL B E R T R E A LTO R S 

418 SUMNER 
.3 bedroom . I both, central heat, a ir conditioners, fenced y a rd . trees. 
416,5oo 73V581J 
LES E D G A R 734-4233 
S U P E R B U Y - 
L E E D IS T R IC T 
Dellwood Area, lots of living area In this 3 bedroom , 2 tile bath hom e. 
Area very nice In the 2o s. 
349-5111 or 349-4343 Anytim e 
Deanie Uwens Cn 
R E A LTO R S N O R TH C E N T R A L 
SU P ER in Fox Pun, N ortheosf School Dis t r let 
Beautifully m aintained home only 18 m o n th s Old 
A ll d ra p e s rem ain 3 2 3 
L a rg e fa m ily room with eleoont fireplace H u r r y 1 Only 
149,5oo. 824 o171 
R E D C A R P E T 

SWITCH 
From paying your landlord lo pay mg your own house paym ents Low eauify and low paym ent of 52oS per m onth w ill m ove you into o 3 be d ro o m h o m e w ith 2 b a th s o- a c o rn e r lot n e a r 
M a d is o n a n d 
M acA rthur. Assume 8 .* o VA. 
653-435o 
Beanie Uwens Cn 
R E A LTO R S W A L Z E M O F F IC E 
T e r r e l H ills 
A la m o H e ig h ts 
S ch o o ls . 4 la r g e b e d ro o m s 2 . boths Fireplace in living room and den Pool ond polio, bar D aue. O ver 
3ooo SO th 828 56/1, 82o8o79 
S tra u d e r N e ls o n , R e a l E s ta te 

EDYTHE 6. COOPER 

R E D U C E D IN P R IC E but not in v alu e 1 I bedroom . 2 bath hom e in 
Roosevelt High district, ties living, dining fam ily room s1 
$34,5oo 
R E A LTO R S 
653-7341 

R E O U C E D 55,ooo 
Like new big 4 bedroom , 2 both, den, huge fire p la c e , on col d# sac and hill orge covered screened polio with built BBG Northeast Schools. 
Owner anxious Easy assum ption 
Consider VA FHA 349-65o3.822o 6o1 
Martha Worley Realtors 

REOUCED sgfield m onor net 

SOS both s, lo rg e utote condition. ving orca, i oil now 
M arne Horton 344-2341. 653 5936 
BOB JONES. R E A LTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

TERRELL HILLS 
A must see, perfect for large tom ity, 
4 bedroom , c e n tra l heat a ir plus fireplace Large heated pool, spnn kler system 824 4521. nites 674 o744 
Turner Realty 

T E R R E L L H ILLS 45o,5oo 
Lorge undated Older hom e on big tot 
E xcellent floorplgn tor tom ilv needing m other in law occom odo lions 824 o171. Nights 655-8421 
R E D C A R P E T 

THE JOLLY GREEN GIANT and his big fam ily could tit Into this huge 4 bedroom , 2 both ond den nome w ith fire p la c e , bookshelves and Oil the Other hom ey features 
You ii love it too- 
Call 349-1436 Anytim e 
BASSE-WEIL8ACHER 
IN C . R E A LTO R S 

THE SOUND OE SILENCE surrounds v baths, a irn am ong the it on 

 in this 4 bedroom, 2 . style hom e hidden es in the center of 
Shady Oaks 

Reduced To $32,95o 
Was 4)4.5oo and worth m o re 1 A n i ious seller tor this 4 bedroom home 
Loaded w ith carp e t ond m ony ex tra s 
R e as o n a b le e q u ity a n d as s u m e 
$189 m o n th ly a t 
6 1* 
P r o p e r ty is o n ly 7 y e a r s O ld! 
823 6343, eves 653 9596 . 
Cornelius 8 Associates 
R E M IN IS C E N T OF TARA 
Tr»»* d e lig h tfu l f»r*t o ffe rin g n a nieo^ure to 
L y*uriotM on lf n ie n l*. IO 'N rr\ nm mg pool- dc ny form at and 

M aw Sale Hill, Realtors 

RENT WITH OPTION nor utote 4 bedrop garage 
E lectric ge dishw asher ai 
Only 428o per n a re tn g e ro 

656 3ooo A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S P errin Bedel Oft 

RiDGEVIEW 
Well kept 3 bedroom , 2 both home with seoorote tam ily room on Quiet street, but dose to m alls, Both yord one! house in b e a u tifu l condition. 

L 
349-5111 or 349-4343 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S N O R TH C E N T R A L 

SAN PEDRO HULS 
New ( on-fitipo home in tow St 
R IL L J bedfoot1 

 gy say 
HHH L I NG 
.fireplace oner Open Sun 
2866 or 69o 922o 

22o6 
2 b alr 

L v m i i a 

$53,ooo.oo 

WOODS OF SHAVANO 
14215 
Golden 
Woods by 
Aquarius 
Homes. 
BREATHTAK­ 
ING decor. A TOTAL home. TREE 
STUDDED LOT! 492-253o. 

Eves. 656-ooo7. 

$33,65o.oo 
THUNDERBIRD ESTATES 

6o1 I W h ite Cloud by H P. O rts 
Const. Co. A 3-2-2 w ith HILLSIDE 
VIEW . 
See 
QUALITY at 
REALISTIC PRICE 
1oo % VA or 
FHA. 6 8 4 -1 3 8 6 . 

Ives 341-o416. 
\ 

$43,ooo.oo 

LARKSPUR 

1 3 o 2 3 la rkyo rke by Larry Van- derhider. 
Here's a 
BEAUTY at 
19 7 5 prices. Recently com pleted 
3 -2 -2 
LOADED w ith 
Q UALITY! 
See TO DAY! 8 2 8 -6 3 4 3 

Eves 656-ooo7. 

WANT A CUSTOM BUILT 

HOME? 

M aybe you can t find w hat y o u 're - 
Ioolong for and w ont a custom design home. See our Carl Cud ney and he w ill select the area and builder" that w ill (jest suit 
YOUR NEEDS. 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 . 

Eves 656-ooo7. 

$3o,ooo 

THOUSAND OAKS 

1 9 o 8 Bi b ie n O ak by SW Texas 
Corp. TO W N HO U S E, Condo. 2 
'2 '/? -1 
FIREPLACE - ALL kitchen 
APPLIANCES. 
CARPET 
EVERY­ 
WHERE! VA. 8 2 8 -6 3 4 3 . 
Eves 653-9596. 

$64,ooo.oo 
OAK TERRACE ESTATES 

3 1 1 9 Chisholm Trail by Two D ou­ ble T Co. Just com pleted for the 
RIGHT 
FAMILY. 
BEAUTIFULLY 
DETAILED and READY. Side entry garage. 8 2 8 -6 3 4 3 . 
Eves 653-9596. 

DEZAVALAT 

$47,8oo.oo 

LARKSPUR 
1 3 3 2 2 lo rkb ro o k by Homes o f 
Pride, Inc, FINAL stages o f com ­ pletion. COLOR SELECTION CA N 
BE 
YOURS 
HURRY. . .QU IC K 
FOR 
BEST 
SELECTION. 
5 ad ditional homes available. 
8 2 8 - 
6 3 4 3 . 
Eves 653-9596. 
$41,7oo.oo 

LARKSPUR 

1 3 1 3 9 Lakobbey by Donoho & 
Sons. 
Priced 
BELOW re placem ent. OFFERS INVITED. 3* 
2 -2 w ith FIREPLACE, CARPET and 
M UCH, 
MUCH 
MORE. 
See o 
BARG AIN! 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 . 
/ 
Eves 655-3o7o. 

S S E jfi 

/ 

$46,5oo.oo 

WINDCREST 
8 9 o 5 W ilm on W ay by SW Texas 
Cocp. TO W NHO USE. N O C O N ­ 
D O FEE. Two story and LOADED w ith 
EXTRAS. 
FIREPLACE, 
AP­ 
PLIANCES, 
AU TO 
GARAGE 
D O O R OPENER. M UCH M OR E!' 
8 2 8 -6 3 4 3 . j 
Eves 653-9596. 

$37,65o.oo 

WOODSTONE 

1 3 4 1 9 
W akew ood by 
Royal 
Crest, Inc 
SPACE and LUXURY com bined of 
NEVER A G A IN - 
PRICE. 
22 ft master bedroom . 
^FIREPLACE ond inside u tility. O n ly 
3 homes left, 
$ o dow n 
VA . 
Q UICK M O V E-IN ! 6 5 3 o 4 7 9 . 
Eves 655 8o7o. 

$27,4oo.oo 
BRISTOL PLACE 
5 9 o 6 
W oodhill 
Dr. by 
Royal 
Crest Inc. Builder's m odel CLOSE 
OUT. 
RIGHT 
PRICE! 
Includes 
FIREPLACE!! 
1oo % 
VA . 
N O 
C LO S IN G COST. M ove in N O W , 
1st paym ent APRIL 1st - W O W !) 
8 2 8 6 3 4 3 
/ 
Eves 653-9596. 

FOR SALE BY OWNER 
GARDEN HOME 

Lot enclosed by privacy brick wall, kitchen with breakfast area, dining room, living room “with fireplace, master bedroom suite with luxury bath- downstairs. 
„ 
* 
• 3 bedrooms with 
I Vt 
(club) baths, balcony upstairs. No grass to mow. Maximum outdoor en­ joyment with swimming pools, lighted tennis courts. Northside. Call 

69o-o166 FOR APPOINTMENT 

/ 

ALL HOMES OPEN SAT. & SUN. I TO 6 
C O R N E L IU S 

NEED TO SELE BEFORE 
BUYING? 

Trades sometime causes loss. The dealer seldom is the LOSER lf you need to sell or having little luck in getting your property sold, see one o f our professionals. 
COME 
TO SEE CORNELIUS & 
ASSOCIATES. 
4 4 1 2 
Rittiman 
Rood. 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 

R E A L T O R * 
& 
ASSOCIATES] 828-634 

Multiple Listing Service 
AILS 

C h o m e s - -NORTHEAST ) ( H 3 D 

FIRST OFFERING 

BISI OI IWO WORLDS.. Old World 
(harm with luxurious provisions for todays living and entertaining. 
Britk English Tudor in historical 
Monte Vista has 4 bedrooms, 3'/, baths, plus qtrs. living room hos view of bricked terrace ond landscaped enclosed yard. Separate foimal dining, walnut paneled library, spacious 
3rd floor gameroom Call far further detoils. 

JoNES-KING 
826-2439 

 r / r J - T o 

VILLAGE W H 
Super J bedroom . 7 bath. 7 ear gar age, covered patio, carpet, drapes. 
A ssum e $234 p a y m e n ts or r e fin ­ ance. 
Walk w ay to 
Serna 
E lem entary 
658 -3 53 5 A n y tim e 
Beanie Uwens Co 
R E A LTO R S R A N D O L P H O F F 

WALK A CROOKED MILE? o Crooked Creek Dr ond you will find the loveliest view iii Son Pedro 
H ills A 4 bedroom beauty w ith a beautiful yard plus mony extras. 
349-4343 349-5111 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Cn. 

W E L C O M E in T H E N E W Y E A R t 
F re sh ly p a in ted 3 bedroom hom e w ith open liv in g a r e a 
C lose to 
Windsor M att. Loop 41o and In North 
East School D istrict. Open T erm s. 
$26,9oo 824 o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A LTO R S SO Y ears of T RUST 
W IF E P L E A S E R 
W arm your w ife by the cozy fire p la c e in th is 3 b e d ro o m . 2 both hom e 
F e n c e d y a rd an d d o uble garage, too. St IOO eauitv *54-1734 
R E D C A R P E T 

Coll 349 143* A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
________ INC, R E A LTO R S_________ 
T H IS C L A S S IC H O M E wTTi br a pleasure for the whole fam ily I Huge nom e room , form al a re a tor e n te r­ taining, ^replaced den has wet oar. 
3 bedrooms, 2 . baths, decorated to perfection A real buy! 
R E D C A R P E T 
342-3111 
R E A LTO R S 
494oo58 
U N B E A T A B L E T E R M S 
Near W indcrest, Olmos! new. 7ooo luxurious sa tt Loaded with extras 
No down, tow closing costs. Only 
$52,5oo 34* 1479 
Hector J B erber k Inc , Realtors 

Oft 
3 2 UNDER $23,ooo 
S ie r r a N o rth S u b d iv is io n 
N a co g d o ch e s Rd 
C lose to shopping centers central heat a ir, m odern b e ck front $72,9oo VA or 
(H A financing 344 3471 
BOB B R E N N E R R E A LTO R S 
U N IV E R S A L C IV Y No Down lo anyone on IOO b n f* 3 l l D*Q bees, $2oo < losing, 1176 monthly 
344 $564 H a rt McCormick 344 2993 
U n iv e rs a l t i tv replc 
DOH 
4 2 2, enc ed, boho bulb ms 
$46 5oo 658 o249 
-----------------------VA C A N T---------------------- 
J bed ro o m , I b a 'h , re frig e ra to r stove, garbage disposal In Starlight 
Terrace lost ott 1H 35 Norm North east schools O niy$l$,soo FH A VA, 
Conventional. 349-45oJ, 12* *9o3 
Manha Worley Reatturs 
V A C A N T 
M O V E IN C O N D IT IO N ' 
3 bedroom , J both hom e in V A L 
L E Y F O R G E . S in gle liv in g o re * with fireplace Form al dining Lest m on 2 years afd On Quiet cut de sac 
G au d a s s u m p t io n $ 4o ,9o o 
824 OU' ANYTIME 
ROSOW & KLINE 
Ut: AL TOPS SO Yeors of I PUS f 

 y e w y L'6VTe o u i r y i bedroom , I m id 3o 
O r under J25oo, o rntl tot d ftd f 
655 2648 

 byth, I car 
3 bedroom gar ag e q u ity rry aa 
I 57o7 or 

RU I V FFI I AMTC 
C e n t u r y 21 
D 
I L 
L 
I 
I I X 
L 
U 
I I U 
1 
HAP R E S E R *S3 *182 Anytim e 

SKYLIGHTS 
Lots of glass Open livin g dining, fam ily room , 3 bedroom s, J baths, 
A ssu m e a nd get im m e d ia te OC c awane v. I24-4S7I 
N M Cory. REALTORS 

WINDCREST-BV OWNER 
Large 4 bedroom home, side entry garage, hill country view from rear patio 25oo sq. ti lOOro stone Large fam ily room w ith fireplace 181,9oo 
$9o7 W inding Ridge 
653 /2 /1 . B 
Appt 

STOP! 
THIS IS IT! 

Convenient to schools, molls, churches, REDECORATED. 3 bedroom, one lorge bath. Ovrner must re­ locate. Niles 656-1428 
TOWNHOME 

Priced to sell at $35,ooo. 3 bed­ rooms, 2 boths with oil appliances including wosher and dryer, new 
I corpet, excellent location, im­ maculate and immediate posses- 
| ston OPEN TERMS. Nites 826-7668. 

DAY Oil NITE 
655-6848 

, m a r t a n 
I s o u t h w e s t 

 r e s i t t | 

GREY FOREST 
All rock, 2 bedroom with running stream, completely paneled, centro! heat and air, fireplace and guesthouse. Approx. I acre Hurry, call today. 
BULVERDE HILLS 
75% rock 4-7-2 with central heat ond air, single living area, fireplace and corral on 5 acres Don t wait call 
494-5571 
Nites 349-4836 
CENTURY 21 

WIFE TIME GUARANTEE guarantee she'll love this spic n in home. Features 3 bedroom s. 2 baths, to rm o l room s, pius fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , c a r p e te d throughout, professional landsrape. 
.p rin k le r system , w ater softener, 
/lass enclosed patio with carpet, 
$49,99o 
Century 21 
MONEYSAVERS R E ALTY 
_______ *56 242o AN YTIM E 
W IN D C R E S T — Custom D o .V w .tn ery am enity for gracious living parole tar m al ond inform al living ond dining areas, plus lib rary with built ins and gun rack, and recrea lion room with wet bar 4 Bedroom s, baths, all electric kitcnen, tire pioce, lots Of built ins and over 1ooo sa tt et s to ra g e 
S p r m k ie r e d o u n d s . p r o fe s s io n a lV la n d s ­ caped. decorative outside lighting, ered patio, larg e pecan trees 
494 7651 AN Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A LTO R S $o Yeors Of T R U S ! 
W INDSO R PARK M A L L A R L A 
No dow n a n y o n e ! 3 4 b e d ro o m s. m e appliances. N E. schools 
1st paym ent M arch ‘77 
222 9*14 24 Hrs 
TE R R A R E A L T Y 

?1? - KOMIS NORTHWEST 
AAA B A R G A IN 
In I eon V a lle y 
3 2 2, c arp e ts , a ir, covered patio 
$1/5 move in cost, 
M a rch first paym ent 
*96 742o W A Y N E S LA TE R 344 o934 
ADAMS H IL L beautiful oil b rie k bedroom, 2 bath, double garage on a corner tot A home to entov, < 

H U G H E S A BRISCO E 
421-3979 
A dam s Hi fenced yor attent cor 

ALL BRICK replace, 
)t 
N ear ms. Coit 
Poppy 
*84 *444 
Niles **4 o13$ 
TERRILL REALTY 
R E A LTO R S 

ALL BRICK 
Jefferson, 3-2-den, central heat a ir, beautiful drapes, yard. close to bus 
M arne Horton 344-2341, *53-59*3 
BOB JO N ES , R E A LTO R S 
KEY GROUP 
ALL BR IC K-LUXUR Y 
Only SHOO down on this im m aculate i i 2, c a r p e te d h o m e . b e a m e d arched dining a rea , spacious living huge m o s te r, d e c o r a to r b a th s , covered patio, finished g a rag e In le o n Volley Won I lost $15,9/S 
828 4$4$PRtAKo5 R fc A L T Y 24 hrs 
A M E R IC A N A 
I ! U p . $2oo d o w n , $18o m o n th 
*75 169!, 62J $72o 
P O IN T E R R E A L ESTA TE 

A PATIO HOME 
L uxury 3 2 : 2 townhouse. 2 story 
Built in kitchen appliances, corpet mg drape*, A pproxim ately t6oo sa 
It 
$32,45o. easy assum ption 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
A REAL BARGAIN. 3 bedrooms, boths, T&rge liv in g a r e a . c a rp e t 
$38oo eauttv. 1243 mo Can 
INTERSTATE IT I 4755 til 8 am 

W H E R E ELSE? 
• New Brick Homes on Acr­ eag e 
• Breathtaking Views 
• W ooded Sites for PRIVACY e 4 Choice North Communities 
(Including New Braunfels) a la w Texas M ake easy Pur­ chase Terms a 1 7 o o So. Vt. living * 2 Cur 
G arog* * 3 7 5 o o 
• SABO So. Ft. living - 2 Cor 
G o ro g el>49,7 SO. 
Search The Home M arket O ver 
THIN Cat! USI iwinney Co. 

492-1o72 
658-o29o 

I 

WHEEL AND DEALY 
258 FENNEL 
Dellview 
Needy house needs some point and lots of TIC 3 bedrooms, over 14oo sg. ft. for 
52o,ooo 
3o1o GREEN ACRES 
3-2, beautifully temodeled. Im­ mediate occupancy $26,ooo 
161o W. HOLLYWOOD 
21. cute ond clean, ond ready to. live in. SI7,ooo 
16o4 W. HOUY WOOD 
Duplex. 
Home plus income. 
$22,5oo. 
BULVERDE^ ACRES 
4 bedroom hone, (quipped ice house. Reduced $1o,ooo 
SOUTHWEST 
6818 BRAVO VALLEY 
4 2-2, remodeled, appliances. No down foe Vets, $28,9oo 

BOB MCGINN > 

'J O H 
COLONIES NORTH 
Only 4 yeors old, with over 23oo sq ft. in this 4 2-2, CHOICE 
LOCATION! Combination living ond dining, fomily room, in­ tercom 
• more! 
GORGEOUS. 
$62,9oo 
PARK FOREST 
Brand new traditional style. 3 bedroom, J bath on wooded lot. 
Single hying, comet fireplace, huge kitchen with built-tnt, glassed breakfast roam. Special! 
$57,9oo 
6 9 o - 9 8 o 2 
G R E A T 

O R 

A M E R IC O 
R E A L T O R S 

COLONUS NORTH BUY 

Picture your family living in this large, 3 bedroom, all brick home 
Wirt! a formal living room, formal dining room, family room, ond a greot kitchen • then call to see it ond discover the low, low price! Con venient to shopping, schools, and express-ways, AND possession when you need it! 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

691-1121.656-552o,341-9191 

HIGH FASHIONED 

Ihe impressive wall welcomes you to this brick split level with 6 bedrooms 
4V> boths 
Corge 
(implored family room plus huge fire plated gameroom On about Vt on ort*. Rest and view the stars from the high deck. Castle Hills. 
SI 19,ooo. You must see this! 

826-2347 
REALTORS 

B IG C O R N E R 
J bedroom, 2 both, den. big kitchen, ail carpeted On H o llyridge. PHA 
VA or assume 349-6So3, 6S4-429* 

Manila Worley Realtors 

BY OWNER 
Prestigious Colonies North locotion 
This beoutitul 
32-2 on lorge, wooded, fenced lot features bond craned fireplace, large, fully carpet­ ed looms, central heat utr, large covered patio, booutiful custom drapenes, first doss paneled den 
Ona garage ternode into carpeted den or pie/'xim. See to Belter*! 
And ONLY 562,5oo 
34o6 HOPECREST 

341-425o evenings 

N o A g e n t * 

B R A N D NE W 
Across from M arsh all HI, one 3 be groom , one 4 bedroom , 2 both, both with fireplaces in big den. near U T- 
SA ond M edical Com plex. Low 4o s und open term s 
OAK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
4 years of TLC have mode this 1-2-2 show place. L a rg e fo m ily room with fireplace, near M edical Center 
Low 4o s. 
D E L L V IE W D O LL 
Fully c arpeted, super clean. 3 be droom . living and dwt 
N ew paint, close to schools and bus. Only 
122,ooo 
Century 21 
W hlteheod-Hoiidav 
*843711 
R E A L T O R S 

A RR O W M O U N D this spacious 3 bedroom , 2’ j bath home with over 23oo sa tt is nestled in a secluded location w ith m any trees to enhance its beauty Also a c o te d p o o l a n d m o n y e x t r a s 
79.9oo 
R E A L T O R 
491-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG 8 ASSOC 

127 BEAL 
3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b oth o ld e r hom e 
Needs some rep air. Convenient to 
Shopping, bus and school O w ner w ill finance 
L u c ille B ie rsc h w o ie 
344 2341, 344 SS49 
BOB JO N ES , R E A L T O R S 
K iY M P 
Beautiful 3-2-2 brick on corner tot 
$4$,OOO A s su m e p re s e n t lo an of 
132.ooo lf n e ce s sa ry, ow ner w ill toke pa rt of down paym ent on 2nd lean note W ill show house on Sun­ day at *4o2 H A N D S O M E Lake. Im m ediate occupun< y >84 1I3>_______ 

B E A U T IF U L 3 2 2 
HOO down, paym ents SISO m onth 
75 1691 673 o352, 62 i S/2o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E STA TE 
B E A U T IF U L 
4 2 2 in 
T W IN 
C R E E K 
H as a p p lia n c e s , c o rp e t 
>ru out, F IR E P L A C E 
Less thou 
IkO O togetin H U R R Y ' 
G reot A m erica Realtors *V6 98o2 
4 5 B E D R O O M H O M ES 
Holly wood P ork E tem Creek 
Gene 
Floig 
Custom 
Builders 
___________ 733-o2*1 

4 BEDROOMS - 2 BATHS 
Only $29,5oo in convenient Shenan aooh! to o *, c a rp e te d 
S e p a ra te d m a s te r b e d ro o m , la r g e p riv o r te n te d y a r d 
W a lk to sch o o l 
342 4177, flites. 656 o333 
B ILL S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

4 BEDROOMS - 2 BATHS 
161o CROSE T i e , vacan t, open tit sunset. Control heat and a ir, buttt in love, dishw asher 
N ew paint and o rp e ts 
P a n e le d d e n . tile d en trance Assume VA or term s to suit, 
2 b lo t* * oft bus 
732 79*7 S TEV E M A R T IN 735 o824 

54 3 BEDROOMS' 
3 4 BATHS! 
$79,5oo TO $115,ooo! 
8' t6o INTEREST AVAILABLE! 
OAK WALLEY OAKCREEK NWI 
9 m odels open d a lly , s p a c io u s g racious liv in g , o rg ln ta l designs will trade. 
MIKE KINDER BLDR. 696833o 

B R A N D N E W roof 4-3 b e d ro o m s, liv in g d ln ln a 
(lo s e to shopD lng 
$15oo down, $215 mo Call 
IN T E R S T A T E >28 o755 til 8 pm 
B U IL D E R $ OWN H O M E 
N E A R UTSA, USAA 
G racious and spacious custom de 
.igned 3 3. a irs . com poed kitchen, m m e d ia tc possession, 82*-2439, 
822 IVS2, R E A LTO R S 
JONES«KING 
B UY M E ! I'm a 32 2. all brick, * d n i large corner ^replaced den Fully arpeted, luxury living in the g reat 
Northw est. Im m ed ia te occupancy. 
Only S29Qo vaulty 
GASE B A K ER R E A L T Y CO 
*9o 899o Eves *9 * MOS. 342 7712 
KEY GROUP 
By O w ner, $9,ooo and assum e 3-2-2. in U niversity Ooks, UTSA. M edical am plex. 3 min aw ay... Not a c ry ­ ing dime less *961o51 

BY OWNER 
6 bedroom s, I full boths, study, den with fire p la c e, Hying dining room combo, all electric kifchen with eat 
Ina a re a . intercom system , on OO p ro * ' j ocre w ith large ook trees on cut de sac. The Sum m it, Colonie- 
N o rth , w alk to E le m and m id d le schools, bus p ick u p a l c o rn e r h school, near UTSA. USAA and M e r 
Center. Too m any e xtras to list Bv appt only Q9Q o459 

BY O W N E R 
3 bedroom . 2 > bath 
BB Q p it, p a tio w ith fo u n ta in bv 
C linton B o e rm an n , fo rg e m a ste r su ite, on cut de soc 
$3o,ooo to r 

 y ow ner, 3 bedroom . I bath, den, 
$24,8oo negotiable M i 21o4 
By O w ner, $2ooo eoulty, assum e 7 
V A , $22$ m onthly, 3 bedroom , t ' ; both, c e n tro ) o ir a nd h e at. dish w o s h e r, e le c tr ic s to v e . *8 4-7 3 9$ 
A fter 5pm i 

Bv owner $ 2 2 * Y. Fontostir! 327 
Tawney Oaks, bv opt 344 29o2 
BY O W N E R . Hollywood P a rk , 3 7^, large oak covered lot. garden, star age shed 
R educed to $4o,ooo 
12/ 
D a rella 494 371o or 494 *7o3 

BY O W N E R 
Leon V a lle y 
I 2 2. L o rg e fa m ily room with fireplace, separate iiyin groom , S32oo equity f IR M 
7* 
VA loan 684 7o29 
BY OWNER 
2 m ites tra m U TS A , 2 biks fclem school 
Babcock N orth 
Luxurious 
I owinsome 2 bedroom s, I i batr r g r e e t e d , c e n t r a l a ir , o il a p alienees Refinance or assum e low equity 7 
. 
$26.5oo *9 ) 15o* 
BV O W N E R to w n y iew Estates. 3 2 7, tireptoce p riv a c y fence, reol nice M o vin g fW JW C * quickly $36,ooo Call 
274 549*. Or *84 5o4/ otter 7pm 

I v o w n e r, io w n v le w E states, ah brick 3-2 2, fire p la c e, Hying fa m ily room , breakfast bay, covered patio, soft w ater, setl-cleon oven, dbl door r« trig , fenced yo rd w ith g a rd en beoutitul landscape 
Assum e VA 
7 » 4- fa u lty 684 2183 

Over 
Hie recent holiday season, 4m to an influx of buyers, we sold gut many el our Northwest listings We con 
•Mil YOU* heme quickly. Coll us today for a free market analysis an your home. 

'BOB MCGINNIS 

I 
R E A L T O R S 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

BY O W N E R - 2 veer old Leon V alley 
1-2-2, sunken livin g room , fo rm a l d in in g ro o m , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s , fam ily room with fireplace *46,5oo 
*8 ' 1943 No agents please 
■ C A S T L E H IL L S Lee High 
Spacious 24oo so tt of luxu ry with separate living, dining, fam ily ond breakfast rooms, full carpet. large deck patio, blo oak trees, 
4 2 2. only $71,25o, open te rm s 1 
344-55*4 H a rt M cC orm ick 344 2991 

BY OWNERS 

N O R T H E A S T 

23o6 SHADOW CUI? - Transfer ted owner must sell this Con­ temporary luxury home with 3 or 4 bedrooms, one lame living area, dining room, bntuktost oleo, game loom and deck! Mony amenities! 
COME SLE! $57,9o(3 342 9393 

2o9 ROBLEDO VIRDI - Specious 
4-2-2 in Hollywood Pork with sunken one large living onto, cathedra! bromid railings, fireplace, forma! dining, wet bar, 
Saltillo entry, ond all located on taiga oak-studded loti Appraisal for $77,5oo. Coll 342-9393 

N O R T H W E S T 

3718 WM NNN 
Oak studded lot for this very livable 3-2-2 with a fireplace in the 15x32 livlng-dmi ag combo 
Breakfast area and study with lots of built ins* Ap praised for $45,675 - Come Seel 
696 3143 

6931 BR OO KFIHt) - Spacious, 
1oo% brkk 4 2 2 with gorgeous fireplace iii fomily room. Custom drapes, norage opener, covered patio, club facilities ond bls of ex teas! Coll for more info! 681 oo22. 

216 PRINZ — 6o Ooks surround this 3-3-2 with maids quartets! 
Formal living and dining Firtpbce in fomily room 2,578 so It of wee 
Appraised at >66,275. for appointment 342-9393! 

UCINSID-WOKLRS 

 eltgan 
Call fat 

A BRILLIANT 
One story home in Castle Hills 
Estates. A warm family room (fP, high ceiling, wet bar) 4 3'/$-2 plus study plus quarters. Super kitchen 
Healed POO! Sprmkiered ground/ 
Near The Molls 

THE FINEST 
In this white stone on I i acre 3-3- 
2 Stone ond paneled den (FP), bv lug and dining loomv Designer kitchen Golden grounds $92,5oo 
* * * * * * * * * e w e * * * 

ENJOY LIVING 
In Hollywood Park in this newish 
Spanish home lovely I story 4 2-2 
(split plan), huge den (FP. beamed reilingt. living ond dining rooms, large fenced yard 568,SOO 
, 826-2347 
REALTORS 

ROCK HOME IN 

PARKLIKE 

SETTING 

3 bedrooms, 2 baths. Living, dining and family room with rack fireplace lotge utility loom ond lots of storage 
Good Assumption Only $56,9oo. Coll 
Bomtu fnhking, nites 349-1991. 

N A Y L O R R E A L T Y 

G A L L E R Y O F H O M E S 

691-1121,341-9191,656 552o 

11.5 ACRtS-HHLTOr 
Designed by owner, architect to* take advanioge of o sensational view from every room. (huimmg 
(ontempoiaiy 
2 story, just minutes ham Medical Center ond downtown 
TO SfTTlt (STATE 3o's ■ lotge living dining rooms, 32*2 huge family loom, kitchen com­ bo. coveted patio, privacy ie acad yard with mature bees 
WALK TO NI SCHOOLS 
(harming hi bcation with beautiful oaks oH hon! patio 3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, separate hying dining looms, central heat- air. Pined low 3o s for quick solo. 
824-3233,1264)o49. 
822-5973, »22 91o3, 
•26-7314 

L l ON V A LL I: Y ART. A 
Perte r I tor children 
J bedroom , ? both, huge patio with o versi/u BAR-B Q All on 
Acre lot. 
349-4343 349 BHI Anytim e 
.Deanie Owens Cn. 
E Q U IT Y R E D U C E D 
Would you believe SI SAO equity will buy this spotless 3 bedroom , J bath home w ith country k lichen? 
654-12)4 
R E D C A R P E T 
E X C IT IN G 
H O M E 
In lo v e ly . c o u n try a r c o , h o rs e s a llo w c d l 
B i lek 'n c e d a r J s to ry w ith a fabulous firep lace, open living a rea , 
4 bedrooms. 
$59,95o 
R E A L T O R S 
824 9411 
Guy Chipman Co. 

^ 
3 4 2 - 9 3 9 3 
Si san antonio • 
H homeowners 
A association 

CASTLE HILLS 
HEAL COZY 
LOWER TAXES 
I bedroom s, 2 ba th s -m irro red w et bar Fireplace Lee h i $47,5oo 
FRANCES LEVENSON 
72$ 2398 
A N Y T IM E 
732 4951 

CHAMPAGNE TASTE 
Then this is the house, Castle Mills, 
4-2 .-.den with fireplace, lovely pool, b e a u tifu lly land scaped y o rd In a s e c lu d e d a r e a 
TO O M A N Y TO 
LIST Coll details 
M a rn e Horton 144 2341, 451 593* 
BOB JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 
KEYGRQUP 
C H A R M begins rig h t ot the fro n t door in this larg e one Hying u re a w ith fire p la c e , fo rm o l dining, k u ­ chen hos Corning cook tup, m icro wove oven, breakfast a re a window nos built in planter. 3 bedroom s. 2 baths, don I wad 

R E D C A R P E T 
M I T I " 
R E A LTO R S 
49*5o77 

CHARTER OAKS 
This lovely 4 bedroom hom e, tea lu r e s a lo r g e liv in g a r e a w ith oth e d rg l ceilings ond huoe tire 
.lace, on pretty lot and prestigious oreo This charm er is priced of only 
S6o.9oo fides *9 6 7586 
828 8241 
DON JOHNSON. R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP _ 

CHARTER OAKS 
Magnificent single Hying oreu with fir e p la c e 
3 B e d ro o m , 2 b a th 
Elegant 
Bv 
O w ner. 
1*2,5oo 
6961538__________ _________________ 
C L O S E 
TO 
M E D IC A L 
C E N T E R 
2 story brick hom e on treed lot, has 4 bedroom *. 2 luxury 
Paths living, dining ro o m * and a fam ily room with fireptocet 
$57, JOO 
R E A LTO R S 
*9 **8 1 1 
Guy Chipman Co, 

Culebra Park Grovetiiti 
Com fortable home, central 
Oir h e a t, c a rp e tin g , ond fencer) 
Selling below repiacem ei i 8286343, odes I 4)8 71o7 
M u liu s S Associates 
CUSTO M 3 2 2 only $59o 
Leon Valley, O fo55 V alley urea 
IOO brick, step down to open glassed living, dining and kit then areas, huge m aster bedroom with his, hers and ours closet and much more, only $35,9/5 
Beautiful home. will sell before 
Tues . you better com e see! 
3*4 55*4 H a rt M cCorm ick 3*4 2993 

CUSTOM QUALITY in this 3-2-2 oil brTck hom e large livin g dining room w ith fire p la c e, separate tom ilv room and lovely oh gloss garden roam $47,ooo *96174* 
Ten Bailey Real Estate 

FOOTHILLS BEAUTY 

S pere ious custom , 
3 bed room , 2 both hom e, w ith oil c orpets ond drapes, 
(ira place in fom ily room plus huge gam e lo o m , h e ated p o o l, and e xtro large lot w ith m any trees. O n ly $ 7 9 ,5 o o . 
Col! 
Frank 
Rotondi, ndes 
3 4 4 1 9 3 2 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

341-9191 
656-552o 
691-1121 

F IR E P L A C E in 3ox15 fam ily room 
F o rm a l liv in g room too in un a ll b r ic k , 
) b e d r o o m , 
2 h a th hom e 
CE N T WALLY LO C A T E D 
$49,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
344 JQ4I 

F IR E P L A C E 
I rn O'; single living u re a w ith fire plac e , s e p a ra te dining room ond p rivacy fenced yard. E x tro clean 
Upper JO s 484 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider R ealty 
FIR S T O F F E R IN G NE SCHOOLS 
W olk to m id d le a nd e le m e n ta ry 
C harm ing hi location w ith huge oak trees, 3 bedroom s. 2 both*, separate livin g dining room s, c e n tra l heat a ir, priced low M s tor quick sell 
824 3713, 826 7114, 822 91o3 
Mazie Sale HUL Realtors 

H O R S E S O .K . lite pme has be*n DHAM HALLY 
Kl DUO o on our country home, nestled high on o hee coveted J act* home site, ovetlooking USAS. 
569,9oo 
6 $28,9oo A 
A fully equipped golden kitchen high lights tnis well coted lor 3 bedroom, ? bath home with o dog ble garage Nothing down to vettt 

 onv 
6 9 9 - 1 o o o t Veam eOw b is 
'M w -7 
RI A llo ts -BMS 

HARMONY HILLS 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
B rick. Colonial on a treed Int In this 
TOP a rea J bedroom s. 2 b a lli*.d i n. fo rm a l and into* m oi d in in g b t en. utility room , im m aculate condition, realistically priced at S)9,9M , _ 
826 o6o4 
N iles l f * 44HI 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 
KEY GROUP. 
H A R M O N Y H IL L S x-drnom , 2 bath. I story a t TJA nutty 
Close to school 
L a rg e , fenced hack y ard with pool and tm 
Will sell 
VA, 
F H A ,. or 
Conventional 
7)64235 
O r a te L a ird 
7)6J>oo7 
/MfcOOi 
JO R N 
HL R 11 AGE F A R M NO DOV 
N o closing 
L u x u ry 3 J * j 2 tow n house. 2 fireplaces, king sire room s, corpet, a p p l* $34,7/5 H u rry ! 
828 4545PRIAK O S R E A L T Y 2 * hrs 
H E R IT A G E F A R M 
N o r th $ ld e 
Sr hopis. 3 2 2. 24x14 m aster 
Spam-,h style <arpeted 

Ivor in s id e a ster kbit®. 
*74 4 7o4 

FIR S T T IM E FOR SALE 
PERFECT HOME 
FO R THE Y O U N G E X E C U T IV E 
C H A R M IN G C O N T E M P O R A R Y , 3 bedroom . 2' i bath, very large den w ith fire p la c e , c a rp e tin g , lots ot oaks. WHI sell VA or FH A 
R E A L ­ 
TORS 341 72o1 

F IR S T T IM E FO R SALE 

M O D E R N A n 6 " SM ART A ttractive bedroom , 2 bath home on corner lot, fam ily room , walk to H arm ony 
H ill* a n d E is e n h a u e r S ch o o l 
R E A LTO R S J4I-72oI 

C U S TO M W H IT E B R IC K Hos So 
*• lo tile e n tr y to lo rg e v a u lte d ream ed den w ith m assive cut stone a i place 
F o rm o l livin g dining. 3 bed rooms, 2 baths, m aster suite has 
■ en rolled setting a re a P riced right too 
R E D C A R P E T 
342 l l 11 
R E A L T O R S 
492 27*2 
D E E R R U N C U L E B R A PARK 
» down a n y o n e 
3 J b e d ro o m *, me appliances t I auoldylnu 
222 94t4 24 H r* T E R R A R E A L T Y 

D E E R R U N NO DO W N 
Anyone 
Rebec I bedroom hom e, a ir, appl*, carpet, fenced $24,7/S 
821 454SPWIAKQS R S A L T Y 2 4 hrs 
D E L L V IE W A R E A 
3 2 I c e n tra l heat a ir. ra v e le d patio. I32S sa.It living oreo In excellent condition. 
P ric e reduced 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
133 4144 
Niles 4562787 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
F IR S T T IM E ON M A R K E T 
• SPACE WITH GRACE • lr calor drive approach to this one to ry , shin ing , w hite b rick 
V e ry 
DOC Iou*, 5 bedroom , 3% baths, (Iv no , d in in g , b r e a k fa s t , fa m ily a u m * 
D ual fire p la c e 
C o m p lete jo u rm e t k itch e n M o n y b u ilt Ins ike new. 
Castle 
H ills 
Estates. 
8262347 
Thelma B. Preissman 
FO R TH E R E T IR E D 
OR N E W L Y W E D 
2 bedroom , I bath, iarge living room und dining room Close to bus ond shopping, im m a c u la te c o n d itio n , only $18,5oo VA or FH A 
M urpe Horton 344 2141, *53-59*3 
BOB JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 
GIVE ME LAND jn try atm osphere w ith city con m e m o s . V e r d e H ilts , P r ic e reduced to S E L L 
This I 71 acres w ith spacious home 
824-2391 (A n ytim e ) 

DELLVIEW 
Buy this house a aa go mu, the pecan business! A nice. Quiet neighbor hood tends to o happy lite in this 3 bedroom hom e w ith c e n tra l h e at and a ir Be the first to see this brand r listing $26,5oo Open term s. 

344 6 2 o /, 6«4 433o 

O O LLHO USE O UT B A N D E R A RD 
» 3 bedroom , stove, re trig e ra a rp et*. no down, $27$ closing 
*96 7*2o W A Y N E S LA TE R 4 7 **1 2 * 

DON’T BRING MONEY 
B rin g your pain t brush 
No down paym ent to anyone, 34 bedroom s, 2 b a th s , s o m e w ith a ir a n d a p ­ pliances P ay m en t* fess than rent 
346)o91 BOB DEPAOLO R E A L T O R 
E ASY P R IC E 
O nly $2*.464 bays this lik e new 4 bedroom , 2 bath, n e ar U S A A and 
UTSA. all b uilt-in*, p riva c y fence 
Assume low paym ents have * others also 
G R E Y FO R E S T 
H ide a w ay in tre e s in this q u ie t lovely a rea near Helotes O ver a c r e of tr e e s s u r r o u n d s th is bedroom w ith old rock tirepiu c 
M id 29 *. 
M E D IN A LA K E 
C o rn e r lo t, s u p e r n ic e r e s o r t property. 2 bedroom s, 2 baths, huge den, garage and carport, tantastic view $33,ooo 

*41-o3o!) 
R E A L T O R S 
S2ooo e q u ity, 3 bedroom hom e on shady let. convenient to Loop 41o and IM IO Im m qdtote occupancy, no agents 53 > 3292 a lt S ' ' 

JEFFERSON 
3 bedr oom br ick home on over sired tot New c arpet, inside point, daub garage Assume $1/4 mo, 
SANDISO N R E A L T Y 
*99 92o1 

HIDDEN FOREST 
New Contem porary energy sqvinq hom e In low SO s 
3 B e d ro o m . I baths tire p to c e , p riv a c y te a re d . 
15/24 BLU E C R E E K Open •.ghdoy 
P M or < all J92 2866 ar 69o 922o ' 
BILLY FELLOWS 

HILLTOP t his 4 bedroom , 7 bain on the orest of a hill is convenien t to M etln al i enter, ond to USAA 
I livin g Orro. plus a gam e room ond on I4 » h ti w ork strop 
C o v e re d p a tio brut a tented yard Only $34,5oo 68l«)222. nile*. 349 4817 
B ILL S O U T H E R N R E A l TQR 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K lust d little old e r, und M U C H bettdY I t i l . rn, ho m e hos H y in g , d in in g , ro o m s , fam ily room w ith huge fireplace 4 bedrooms. 3 baths 
$*7,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
8769*11 
Guy Chipman Co. 

 mf. I ' i lux It'* e In the m lly to 
F M X 
Century 21 
E L A IN E C U D W tO A ASSOC 
H O LLY W O O D P A R K . B y (Swher 
I bedroom . I , bath. poo U la rife lot. nice neighborhood for rg ixio a chil iJi e11 
191 5349___________M 
M O LLY WOOD PA R K » t * T B U Y * 
Acre al big ooks 1-2 den ftrepfrn e a ir, patio V acant R educM -4o 
WH M A Y E R R E A L T Y * 94 |$ 4 ( 

H O LLY W O O D P A R K 
T his Spanish Style 4 bedroom , 7’ luxury bath hom e Is like ney spacious w ith a huge tireptoce In the toothy room for the whole tom ilv to coiny. *49.5oo 
R E A L T O R *91 IMO 

GOOD BUDDY 
Call tor the la-To on this 4 bec pin level in lovely Seneca I jn d we ll lay some good nu m b 
This unique nom e t* ch ond nu* o balcony over loo* it aped a the 

C barieC e n t u r y 2 1 
Ie* Schneider 
* 8 
*8 * //OO 
G R E A T F A M IL Y H O M E * Spacious bedroom, larg e fireplor ed den, ?' , afb, finish*,) g arage 
R apidly ap rec wifing a re a , N ortheast School* 
)wrier m oving out af City, $67.SOO 
24 O UI A N Y T IM t 
ROGOW 6 KLINE 
RL AL TORS SO Vi-cirs (lf f W11'.T 
___________SO Years o fT P l 
_____ 

G R E E N L A W N P A R K ~ his large J bedroom , 2 born home 
, near schools ond shopping Arnee alit in kitchen 
Use your VA tor is one. 129.9oo R E A L T O R *91 I JOO 
Century 21 
B L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSOC 

H a p p in e s s S t a in s A t 5 61 .5o o 
P R E S T IG IO U S H ID D E N C R E E K 
NE A R M E D IC A L C O M P L E X 
O ve r 23o9 feet of lu x u ry livin g , 4 large bedroom s (divided), separate 
Hying arid dining, huge fam ily room with vaulted catline* and fireplace 
Im m e d ia te p o s s e s s io n 
R E A L - 
FORS 341-7291 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

G R E A T F A M IL Y P L A N . O ver 24oo sa It , m aster bdrm and study Bown, could have 5 bd rm up Im m ed ia te occupancy Good assum ption 

PO O L P L U S H U G E G A M E R O O M m eans tun to. a ll. 4 b d rm , lots of storage, separate shop. 
Spanish decor 
„ • 

A N A C R E O P P R IV A C Y tor gar ironing, pool or tennis * b d rm , J b a th s p lu s s tu d y . B e o u ty a n d w arm th throughout. 

IM M A C U L A T E ANO S P A C IO U S . I 
O w n e r, c u s to m J-7,/i-2 h o m e on oversU ed corner lot Includes dou bio carport an d detached shoo 

J U S T L I S T E D /i 6 o o s a .ti of el n a n ce C u s to m a p p o in tm e n ts in ­ clude built in booerasp* ond china. 
I P In m o s te r b d rm C o u n try kit- 
* hen with center aisle 
C ALE 494 5227 
A rm s tro n g . Co- 
H o llyw o o d P a rk Bv o w n e r. 3 7 I with study, 2ox 3o cathedral celling 
I. huge g a rd e n k itch e n 
L a rg e gal age, fenced $51,5oo 494 *o47 

HOLLYWOOD PARK harm ing contemper a ry 
J bedroom * lu x u ry b a th s , d e n , flr e p la c e . 
Bearned ceilings, treed '7»ocre. For 
Jetuiis. 422 1223, 826 2316 
Dixie Rose. Realtor 
•74 71)4, Anytim e 

 bom 
Rub 

HOMFY d for this clean 3 bede nom. fuse to bus and schools I jby W right 3 *6 2341. 342 3641 
BOB JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 

IM M A C U L A T E 4 B E D R O O M . 7 b a th , w ith double g o ra g c , ah ap p h o n e # *, to b y c a rp e te d , d r o p t* stay 
Assum e $252 p a ym e m s w ith very modest equity.*74- JSS2 
HO DSDO N * ASSOC . R E A L T O R S 

KFY GROUP 
IN D IA N C R E E K 
) b e d ro o m . I b a th , ro n g e , frid g e , o n d fe n c e d b a c k y a r d 
E q u ity a n d d s s u m e p a ym e n ts of S U 3 Per m o 
S elect from two 
Century 21 
R R R A N SO M R E A L T Y fr/^/741 

H A R M O N Y H IL L S $259o 
B elow a p p ra is e d v a lu e C ustom - b uilt i b e d ro o m , double g a ra g e , separate dining and den w ith tire- place 
$43,5oo 
826o171, 
N ight* 

R E D C A R P E T 

H » tA » T IO P IA C I A 
IXFKISS M IW * 
WANT AD M I - 1 

JEFFERSON 
A nice home on fenced corner Ait the bedrooms, dining room , living cunni a r t carpeted 
18x11 fa m ily m om C entral heat and a ir Doable g a ra g e 
F u rn is h e d e t tie ie ne y a p a rtm en t 
733 7141, 
344 I6 JJ, 

C M. FURR CO 
J I F F E R S O N A R E A ! 
C o m m .-le i/ m oderm ted cottage ho* alu m in u m 
*idmg. new beth ana new built in a p p lia n c e * 
2 b e d ro o m *, cen tral heat arid a ir ! HO BBY R O O M ! 
$25 *49 
R E A L T O R S 
*964411 
Guy Chipman Co. 

IX P B 8S6N 4W S 
WANT AB 1 2 8 - 1 6 6 * 

18o2o481 

^ 

P o g e 
1 o -C 
S o n A n to n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y Janu ary 9 1 9 7 7 

C Ho j M W w ° R THWEST ^ ( 2 1 2 ) 
C X O M » -N o 8 T H W tS T 
(> O M » -N O « T H W tS T ) ( 2 1 2 ) 

FERSON SPLIT-LEVEL 
C u l l o m b o u t, b r ic k , 3-2 2. d e n , c o rn e r, m a n y built ins S u p e r V ie w 
3418$4SS 
U 
M IT E S 433-1859 
~ Laopen R. Barnehev 

JUST LISTED 
O I to Lo c klan d . 

N E A R M E D I C A L C E N T E R a n d 
U S A A , lu xu ry featured H o lid ay Hill 
Stone, 3 2 den, u n u su a l a rc h ite c t bion. p riv a c y ga rd e n entry and p a ­ tio. B E F IR S T T O S E E . In 5o's p rice range. 824-45o7. 
REQUA REALTY CO 

C o r ^ ^ ie n | to L a c kla n d , 3 2. la rg e livin g, se p a ra te d in in g a n d b re a k - tost »rTd L a r g e bock ya rd . O n ly 
$2194o 

♦ 3414*166 A N Y T IM E 

Century 21 
H O W A L D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
J U S 'f L I S T E D '. A h o n e y tor the monte*, b ere s o cha nce to b uy a lot ol nfi*T,e for com p ara tiv e ly little. 4 b e d la m s . 2 baths, ga rd e n kitchen, garden, converted Into Ideal fam ily r o o i^ $28,8oo 
R E D C A R P E T 
34 2 -B lk 
R E A L T O R S 
492 9573 

JUST LISTED 
3 b e d ro o m , se p a ra te liv in g ro a m and f in in g room C lo se to sc h o o ls 
Im njp d latt p o sse ssio n P ric e d right. 
R E C T O R 349 1121 m tes 344 739/ 
Arthur E. BIARD 

J U S T L I S T E D ! C o n v e n ie n t to 
L o c A lo n d a n d K e lly . C o r g e 4 be drow n. 2 bath hom e with double r o r n o r d ic P r iv a c y fenced y a rd with b ig tre e s. C a r p e t e d t h r o u g h o u t f o dd ly ro om h a s b ric k fire p la ce 
Low/,1 Low E q u ity a nd no city taxes. 
342 3pt! A N Y T I M E 

( R O L C H O IC E C O R N E R lot, In iilyvvofljl, 
L A 
Holkywooli P a rk , a p p ro x im a te ly 2oo ft deep. o v e r 5o oak trees, m a n y large Lot m ostly cove red with cor pet g r o s s 511,ooo Coll 494 2315 
12 1. la rg e d in in g room , stu d y off m a ster, se v e ra l e x tra s 
E x c e lle n t condition. $36,65o <573 2748 

 tov th is la 
Ck h om e in 
LARGE LOT 
E n b r l tvocd e n trv in la rg e fa m ily ro o m 
Prltj* reduced. 

 r g e 3 b e d r o o m , a ll 
F o re st O a ks. C o ur 

Ch a tle 
L A V G 
Century 21 lev Sc h n e id e r 
A8> 
484 72oo 
JE R O O M Y 
2 B E D R O O M , pried!* to sell 322 Y A L E , off IH IO. 
o * m ^ C o rry note. C all M r Pere/, 
732 P H I or 734 o772. 
WORTHSIBE WHITY__ 

L A U R E L H GTS 
T re t n e n d q u s p o te n tia l 
B ig 5 be cjrobm hom e on ro rn e r lot with gar ogcfrinarpth en t A lr e a d y h a s clee 
I r k Hitched, fire p lace a nd 25oo sq It of livin g a re a P ric e d low at $34,ooo 
3 4 1 *2 7 ? A n ytim e 
Century 21 
, R A Y t e a l , r e a c t o r s 

L A U R L H G T S E S T A T E on b us line. neat colleges. 2 bath, reconditioned. detached 
824 4So7. pot le ss than 53o,ooo 

MOUA REALTY CD 
L E O N V A L L E Y D e e r Field 
O iV v $3oo dow n c lo sin g o nd $226 d m onth tor like new 3 I I, oir cfi) a pp liances, carpet, fenced. 
144-5564 M o rt M c C o rm ic k 344 2993 

LeorvVqJtev A rea , 3 bed room s, all 
’ kilctuin app lia nces, $4ooo equity or r e I Th a n t e ■ 
7234 
M o s s 
C r e e k 
684*757 73S-39o9 __________________ 
• • • L E O N V A L L E Y * * * " 
Ncitfljng D o w n to A n yo n e ! All brick, 
3 bedroom , 2 bath. 2 co r ga rage . 
$35 J * 3 
923 39o4 A rcin le g o R e alty 923-52o4 

LIGHT THE FIRE sit dock a nd e nloy the la rge livin g a ri a or dine in the o versize d in in g ioo(H while w a tch in g the H o m e s die buy** In this 3 bed room , 2 bath w in lier in U n iv e rsa l O a k s 
C a g 349-1436 A n ytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S 
T T Z T N E W 
C a r p e t e d . 3-2 c o . f r e s h ly p a in t e d in s id e a n d out. 
Sto v e , r e f r ig e r a t o r a n d w a s h e r. 
C e tR ro llv lo cated M u s t see to a p ­ preciate C oil M r P e re I. 732-o961 or 
7 3 4 * m 
WRTHSIOl REALTY 

LOCATION 
So im po rtan t 
T h is love ly hom e is convenient to the M e d ica l C om p lex and Loop 41o O w n e rs tran sfe rre d , 
L H iv in g this Olm os! n ew 3 b ed room hom e In se n e ca E sta te s H a s ever ything Inclu d in g B IO F I R E P L A C E 
54W75o 
Wn m ediate p osse ssio n . 
34*8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 
L O M A P A R K n ice 3 b e d ro o m , I 
PO*i. near bus, being redecorated. hute-f,'. % 
, 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E t 
_________________ 4/5 o696 
L O O K S A lt o L O C A T I O N ! Y o u " I fttottr in this alt b ric k hom e In 
H ills* F (re p la ce d enter fain 
_ irrecr- p an eled den a nd 3 la rg e b* <#oom s, 2 baths. B o n o s ro om with pi i(kite e n t r y 1 
567*oo.- 
- R E A L T O R S 
344 3o41 
Goy Chjpan Co. 

T b l A N G L E S H O T S." c’ieon. pretty 
J I Th orn e e nd adjace nt lot C en tral h e c *a ir m o n y e c tra s m u st see to a p a r et tote 
H o lm e s R e o l E sto le . 
224*o74. 735 9722 

•LOVELY OLDER HOME 
L o ttie 2 b e d ro o m , w ith se p a r a te d in * *, e g g n s C en tral heal o n d air. douhj^ ted, a p p lia n c e s stay cen tra lly k- 'b e d a ff B ia n c o R o 521 65o 

N E E D L O T S O F R O O M 
O v e r 32oo sq tt to r $35,ooo. O ff 
F r e d e r ic k s b u r g Rd . 2 sto ry, 4-2-3. den, liv in g a n d d in in g . C o u ld be duplex, gre at for b ig fam ily. 
R E A D Y F O R S U M M E R ? 
B ig pool p lu s 3 b ed roo m , 2 b aths, la rge livin g and dining, all extras. A m ust see $37,ooo. N e a r U T SA . 
N E W O N M A R K E T 
O n ly I y e o r old 3-2-2, sin gle liv in g a r e a w ith f ir e p la c e 
A s s u m a b le equity, $287 mo. Q uick p o sse ssio n 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341 7115_________________ R E A L T O R S 
N E E D S T E N D E R L O V IN G C A R E . 
L a rg e hom e lcoted on W est K in g s 
H igh w a y in Jefferson area. F o rm o l liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m w ith tire p la c e a n d b u ilt In s. n ic e f a m ily room Beautiful lot with la rge trees a nd la rg e b ar b q u e pit 
F le x ib le fin a n c in g a n d Im m e d ia te p o s s e s bon. $34,6oo 494 7651 A N Y T IM E . 

N E W O N M A R K E T AM b rick hom e with la rge c ou n try kitchen P o p u la r one livin g a re a h as fireplace. 3 be d roo m s. 2 baths, k in g siz e d m a ste r bedoroom h o s d r e s sin g a re n 
R E D C A R P E T 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696 5o77 
2 l l. new paint a nd d riv e w a y, fruit trees, all a pp liances, heaters, ru gs, c a n o p y b e d ro o m su ite m a t c h in g d rap e s 
$15,75o 
Sally, 
715 8111. 
732 61o7 
N o dow n p a y m e n t to a n yo n e , con venlent to M e d ica l Center, lovely 3 b e d roo m s, c on tro l heat a ir. stove, re frige ra tor, $24,775, p a y m e n t le ss than rent 
344 3o91 H O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 
N O W A IT IN G , N O Q U A L I F Y I N G . 
L o w c g u l v o n d a s s u m e lo w paym ents, toll now, ow ner 
In a h urry. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
623-3979 

NOW IS THE TIME to consider that beautiful su b u rb a n hom e, 6 c h a r m in g w o o d e d a c re s, m a k e s the Id e a l s e t tin g tor ib is 
Sp an ish style hom e 4 b ed roo m s, 3' baths, sp e cio u s den with fireplace, form al livin g room , se p ara te d in in g ro om . g o u rm e t kitch en . T h is c u s tom d esigned hom e h a s e v e ryth in g you w an te d m r la d in g sta b le s a nd c o rra ls 
H ill 
C o u n try 
V illage. 
344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

OAK HILLS 
3 b ed roo m rock hom e with w atch tower stu dy L a rg e kitchen, fo rm al d in in g a nd c irc u la r den. S p a c io u s fireplace!! living. $82,ooo. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L I Y 
699 92o1 

REGRETFULLY FOR SALE 
Th e o w n e r u n fo rtu n a H v h a s been t r a n s f e r r e d le a v in g th is c u s to m built 3 b ed room hom e. H u ge fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e , a il e le c tric k it c h e n , im m e d ia t e p o s s e s s io n , 
$51,ooo- 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
9423 S A D D L E T R A I L in S T A G E 
C O A C H H I L L S . In f o r m a l stu c c o , spilt level hom e with 4 b ed roo m s, 2 b ath s, liv in g room , stu d y , fa m ily din in g room with cathe d ral celling a n d fire p lace . All e lectric kitchen with b re a kfa st counter M a ste r be d roo m suite h as fire p la ce with sit tin g a re a . d r e s s in g a re a , su n k e n bath tub o v e rlo o kin g p rivate patio. 
A co u n try v ista h om o on 2 a cre s. 
R e f in a n c e o r A s s u m e . S76.1oQ 
494 7651 A N Y T IA A E 
ROSOW I KLINE 
R E A L T Q R S -5 o Y e a r s ot T R U S T 

SEE WORTHY 
C h a rm in g, clean, neat 3 bedroom , 2 bath, cove red patio with la n dsca p ed y a rd on c o rn e r lot 
R u b y W righ t 344 2341, 342-5847 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY CROUP 

SHAVANO PARK 
C h a rm in g, sp a c io u s > 2 2. fireplace, on 3 a c re s $82,5oo 
494-5281 
494 2o43 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 

GHOMES— NORTHWEST ) d 3 D 

WOODLAWN HILLS 
T h is c h a rm in g older rock hom e h as 
2 b edroom s, I both. livin g a n d d in ­ ing are as, h u ge scree n ed p orch on a lm ost 
I acre. 
824 4521, m tes 
674 o744 
Turner Realty 

•WOODLAWN HILLS* 
A real buy on this 3 bedroom , only 
$ I /.OOO See at J ' i, ' ontinentoi. B E 
T H E L U C K Y O N £ l 344 3471, flites 
341-19o1 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
W O O D S of S H A V A N O - N e w L is t ­ in g ! Im m a c u la te a n d C h a r m in g 3 y e a r old hom e. L iv in g o n d d in in g c o m b in a tio n , la r g e f a m ily ro o m with corn er fireplace. I B ed roo m s. 2 b oth s p lu s a b d n u s ro o m l l ' X 8' ideal tor office or sew ing. Beautiful landscap ed and sh a d y y a rd Includ­ in g a gre en ho u se . Be the F ir st to 
See! 342-321! A N Y T IM E . 

S H A V A N O P A R K . ..a builder s own h o m o w ith E a r t h c o lo rs , p e c a n p a n e lin g a fa b u lo u s, se m i c ir c le kitch e n 1 Su n k e n livin g room with a r a ise d d in in g o rc a fa m ily ro om w ith fireplace. I b e d roo m s...? a rc s u ite s' S h a d y, tree fo rm patio O I fored at 
$98,8oo 
R E A L T O R S 
696 4811 
Guy Chipman Co. 

YOUR VE8Y OWN ESTATE! 
I f s p o ssib le ! O n a lm o st on acre, 
26oo sa It in m ain house (all brick), guest apartm e nt or q u a rte rs (rent cd tor $15o per m o), 3 c a r ga rage . 2 y e ar old sw im m in g pool. C all tor appointm ent 
B e ry l W e lga n d 344-2341. 342 6456 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

HOMES— SOUTHEAST D 
O 

" S H A V A N O P A R K " M a g n ific e n tly 
S p a n is h w ith p a r k lik e g r o u n d s 
M a s t e r b e d ro o m su ite w ith F ire ­ place a nd p rivate so larium . F a m ily room with wet b or and Firep lace. 
Z o n e d a ir o n d h eat a n d c e n tra l va cu u m sy ste m All electric kitchen with c o r n in g c o o k to p o n d trip le sink All im aginab le lu xu rie s In this 
M u st See H om e of H o m e s S I /S.OOO 
Coll 824 o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A I TO R S-5 o Y e a rs o fT R U S T 
S H E N A N D O A H 
Lots ot sp a ce in this 4 bedroom , with study or 5th bedroom , 2 bath home. 
Near M e d Center and convenient to sh opp ing m a lls $38,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691 13oo 
Century 21 
E L A I N E L U D W IG & A S S O C 

 na ♦c t ? 
C a u te inuYJr* 

3 4 1 -9 1 6 6 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
* 
L O W E Q U IT Y 
2 i>gf)6gp*te, c o rn e r h o u se oft W est 
Stove, retrig, w a sh e r included 
V l L t A R E A L T Y 73$ 5253 , 696 2o54 

O A K H IL L S 
P restige o rca, new to m arket, la rge all b ric k 3 2-2, den, h u ge c o v e re d patio, garden, oil extras, a ssu m e or rent wrth option W ill trade tor your 
$8ooo equity $47,5oo 
L A R G E C O R N E R 
I block from b u s and store, vocont. clean. 3 bed room . 2 bath, or 2 b e ­ d ro o m w ith den, n ew c e n tra l a ir 
Low eguity and a ssu m e H igh 2o's. 
T B IR D M IL L S 
N e w c a r p e t s a n d s u p e r c le a n , m a ke s this lovely 4 2 2 a gre at b uy at $39,75o 
D e n o n d tivinq, e x tra s galore, a ssu m e low interest note or new V A , 
Century 21 
W hitehead H o b d ay 
684- 3711 
R E A L T O R S 

S P A N IS H C H A R M E R — This hom e w a s d e s ig n e d for the fa m ily that d esire s som e th in g different and un 
Ique Six b e d ro o m s, 3 b aths. The living room b oo sts a vaulted wood 
M ing w ith d ou b le fire p la c e that o p e n s onto te rra c e w ith pool o n d view of the City 
Located in C astle 
Hills. 342-3211 A N Y T IM E . 

SPARKLING POOL! n vour ow n back yard, 3 2' ? 2, wet bar. fireplace, p riv a c y fence, stor a g e b u ild in g , 2 s t o r y h o m e 
B v cr 673 2o8o 

GAKIE SMOKE! 
4 b ed roo m on oak -m elded c o rn e r 
B allro o m size den with m a ssiv e b r ic k f ir e p la c e 
F o r m a l liv in g , sepal ate m a ster A ssu m e V io l m o 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 

7oo 
S O F T 
( P E R 
C O U N T Y 
R E C O R D S ) 
R e alistica lly p riced at 
.9,5oo D e sig n e d for c a su a l or tor m oi liv in g F u lly e quipped kitchen ncludes m icro w a ve o ven Built ins th ro u g h o u t 
S h a d e d , s p r m k lc r e d o u n d s. F ir e p la c e W a lk in g d is- n ce to s c h o o ls a n d s h o p p in g 
E N C H A N T E D 
F O R E S T 
824 o121 
A N Y T IM E 

96 
O A K S ! . ..a n d a r a m b l in g , sp a c io u s h o m e w ith an e n o r m o u s liv in g a re a . o v e r lo o k in g the pool and Sa ltillo filed patio. F ire p la c e , pine p aneling, c o u n rtrv kitch en ! 4 b ed roo m s In all 
$92,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
344-3o41 
Guy Chipman Col 

O F F B A N D E R A In L e o n V o lle y 
C le a n 3 2-2. c a rp e t s, o n ly $1,5oo down, 1st paym ent in M a rc h 
696Y42o W A Y N E S L A T E R 674 6176 

OFF BLANCO bedroom , 
I bath boos 
C lean 
V A E H A 
P L A T T R E A L E S T A T E 735 4768 
O F F P IN N R O C lean 3 b ed roo m s. 
$25o m o v e s you In, F ir st p a y m e n t in 
M a rc h 
696-742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 684 6169 
O F F W E S T A V E N U E 
N ic e 2 be droo m , liv in g d in in g com bo, $14oo e q u it y , o s s u r n e 
$131 m o 
N o q u a lify in g $14,9oo. C h a r le s W o rts 
R e al E state 732 2918, 732 5355 
O N A B U S L IN E 
J l l, SIV O d o w n . $ 1 6o m o i 
6/5 1691, 621 572o, 6/4 I H I 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

 th 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO 5 
W eather prem lrtm q 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
5615 C H A R L IE C H A N 
C L O S E TO M E D I C A L C E N T E R 
M id $4o S, - C h a r m in g , sp a c io u s. 
S p a n ish C o n te m p o ra ry 4 2 2. fo rm a l liv in g d in in g , d e lig h t f u l le is u r e ro o m g e n e r o u s c lo se ts , c o v e r e d ga rd e n patio, all the lu x u ry features 
D O S E E IN S ID E • 
734 OOH, 696 o437, 699 OOH 
B E U L A H M A E K E L L E R R e alto r 

OVER 22oo SD. FT. a kin g for a la rg e r nom e the la rg e oil tod a y to se e th b ed room hom e in Se ne ca E state s. 
It s m a n y fe a tu re s in c lu d e liv in g ro om , fo rm a l d in in g a re a , fa m ily ith f in ro om storage and m a n y built m s in low 
5o s. 
P ho n e now appointm ent 
6 8 4 -4 3 3 o 34 4-62 o/ 

 lots of rd 

L U X U R Y 4 2 2 F I R E P L A C E 
Custom ized IOO . b r id 
Ie m g a re a m odern kite 
‘pig ^ Indow seat. lots uh 

 cts* pantry, se p ara te utility room , finished dole g a r ope with sto rage ergo, fully carpeted, a ir 
$39.27$ J IO D O W N A n y o n e ' 
344 5S64 M g rf M c C o rm ic k 344 2991 
L U X U R Y w ith lo t s of s p a c e to w a n d e r. S in g le liv in g a r e a w rth m a s s a * rack fireplace 
J la rge be 
Hi u o n iv chic) to rm o l d in in g O n ly 
$54 9oo Lo t* ot trees 
O A S * B A K E R R E A L T Y C O 
49o 899o E v e s 496 88o5. 342 7712 
KEI GROUP 
M A G N I F I C E N T B R IC K 3 2 2, su n ken livin g room , O n ly $4oo dow n 
J B J 
474 $4o1 
A N Y T I M E 
N A T U R E S O W N beouty is repeat ed m this. rock n w ood hom e, se eluded by m a n y live o a k s w ith a su n d e rs, lo c k patio a n a heated pool to odd tor yo u r outdoor em oym en t! 
F o r m o l a n d c a s u a l ente a re a s 4 - b e d roo m s 
D b C U R T . 
$99 5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
824 9431 
Guy Chipman Co. 

NEAR JEFFERSON 
>*$• tm m oco la fc J ST 

I R L A r 

Sp a t IOMI, bedroom , 4 bain dr a pets and corpetm 
3 c ar g a ra g e (hom e 
A ssu m e Y A Loan. 
WEST MAGNOLIA 

 o r v 
Beautiful 
2 firep! 
>nd m d 

• iv ti n g re r epic 
C h a rm in g 2 bedrock with c a r p e t in g , lov 
O nly $23,5oo 
WEST ASHBY 
2 la r g e b e d r o o m s , la r g e liv tn room, double ga ra g e , 
S16.5o 
4)4 J185 

C s n f H n J . l 

NEAR MEDICAL CENTER 
$4o,5oo will buy ah br (ck 3 2 2, h u ge m aster suite, la rge step d ow n h y in g a m m g a re a , p r iv a c y fe nced y a r d 
A s s for B o o Lew is 
34 1-91 66 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E r e a l t o r s 
N E A R M E D I C A L C E N T E R . U S A A 
L u x u r io u s, sp a c io u s tow n h o u se in e xce he o t-N W location 3 B e d ro o m s. 
J la rge com p artm en ted b oth * * ' 1 both. B ig . b rig h t e le ctric k itc h e n with e ating u re a a n d F re n ch d o o rs to patio o v e r lo o k in g sc e n ic p o n d tdqny la rge closets, w ood b u rn in g fire p la ce , c o v e r e d p a r k in g M in t condition 694/651 A N Y T IM E . 

R E A L T O R S N W O F F I 

O W N E R A N X IO U S bedroom , I bain, ! garage 
227-o227 W A T S O N & 5 o N 732 7615 
1 W N E R W IL L F I N A N C E 
N ic e 1 
■edroom h ou se with fenced y a rd 

Ronald Williamson 

PARK FOREST 

B Y O W N E R 
4 2 2. C ath e d ral liv in g a re a caped and fenced C o rn e r l> 
-..forage b u ild in g a n d patio I que 492 2442 Atter 4 

PIPERS MEAOQW MIO 3oS 
S p a c io u s I 2 2 
R o y a l C r e s t built beauty, cathe d ral ceiling o ver c> liv in g ro om , fire p la ce U n iq u e t in g r o o m ort m a s t e r 
C e r o * toyer o w n er In te rio r d e c o ra to r m ust to see 
M A R T I N E Z R E A L T O R S 
735 7657 
684 o753 
RI. AMERICA 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

C A S T L E M I L L S E S T A T E S . L U X 
U R Y T H R O U G H O U T 
2 st 

E X E C U T I V E H O M E o v e r lo o k in g C a n y o n 

S A U N A A N D L A R G E F O O L lorn Sp a n ish 5 4, stu d * livin g m g fam ily room with F P . cm patio, sunder k, rock patio on i 

1735 sa ti. 3-2'Y 2 two story insulated h o m e in S u n V o lle y . F ir e p la c e . 
W hirlpool d ish w ash e r, g a rb a g e dis poser, double oven, Intercom V A or 
Conventional. 
$46,5oo 
684 26o1, 
696 1685 
•••• S I 
M a r y 's U N e a r, n o th in g dow n lo a n y o n e ' C lean ? b edroom s, la rg living, go roge, on G lobe 
923 19o4 A rc im e g o R e alty 923 52o6 
S U N N Y 
E n c lo se d p o rc h tor w inter plants, com plete cozy 2 b ed room ort IH Io. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

C 

GREENWAY 
Assume or refinance this im maculate 3 bedroom, 2 bath, liv­ ing room and family room. Plush carpet, oil electric kitchen, custom drapes, central heot ond air, 2 cor garage Coll for further details 
DEUCREST 
Priced to sell 3 bedrooms, VA baths, spacious living area, carpet, heat and air. double carport Call for details. 
COUNTRY HOME 
Approximately S noes, custom built brick. 3 large bedrooms, 2 boths, 21x19 family room, brick fireplace, plush carpet, central heot and air, 2 car garage. Under priced at S51 .SOO 
932-5245 nites, 3 3 3 - 8 6 1 8 

 t o w n ie Owens 
WAITON-RES 

4359 BOB BILLA 
3 bedroom s, 
I'/? bath, terms open. Ready to move into. 
1132 M ARCH AVE. 
3 bedroom , I bath, terms open. 
295o A N Z A 
3 bedroom, 
I bath, per- mastone siding, very nice. 
344-6268 
923-5844 
CO NNALLY 
REAL ESTATE IN C. . 

A A A L O C A T IO N Off P e c a n V olley 
3 b e d ro o m s, g o ro g e , $25o m o v e s you in $16o m o H u r r y i 
696 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 684-6169 
2/s AC-87 EAST 
I I 2. cvcle one fence, b ig trees 
828 o665 
736 1766 
534-4439 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
2 and 3 B E D R O O M H O M E S 
All right nice h om es that a re priced to Sell C oll o nd we will sh o w you how e a sy it is to b uy one of these fine hom es. 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534 88o8 
333 1468 
333-1764 

A STEAL 
N e o t 2 b e d r o o m o n C o l D e S o c 
L a rg e p onoled den, nice carp etin g 
O ve r 12oo sa ft.. Fen ce d y a rd O nly 
$17.95o P H A V A . 
John 
G ra y 
696 513o 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

2516 T E X A S 
Near St / T o ry 's U C all to see this nee 3 b e d r o o m o n a c o r n e r lot 
.w in y a n d d in in g rix u n 
P a n e le d com tor office or e xtra b ed roo m 
V A or 
F U A t e r m s . 
733 7 ) 4 1. 
344 1633, 73S 555o 
C.M. FURR CD 

UNIVERSITY HILLS ynom ite v a lu e of SJ9.5oo Lo v a b le bedroom . 2 both on su p er size lot 
L a r n e c a r p e t e d d e n w ith w o o d b u ric in g f ir e p la c e C o v e r e d patio O n ly I m l from U T S A M o n y 
.t<a s — A m u st see 
N ile s John 
C E N T U R Y 21 f ll V L o c k loud Realty 
674 1 21 1 

B A C K O N M A R K E T . V A ap p raise d at S I 3.4oo with new root, real nice 2 bedroom on cut de sac. A good buy all now O w ne r anxious. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
67S-o496 

S1oo,ooo,ooo View.. for *33.775'! N ew hom e bv H P 
O rt s 
R e a d y tor o c c u p a n c y now w ith c u rv e d d riv e w a y . F u lly led fa m ily room , lo rg e liv in g 
] 
I. Sp acio u s, all finished double g a ra g e 75 brick 
P retty oak tree ii f r o n t 
C a n be y o u r s t o d a y ! 
IOO 
V A m o v e now first p a y m e n t 
April 1st 828 6343. e v e s 655 264o 
Cornelius & Associates 
W ant A H o m e Y o u C o n B r o g A b o u t? 
U nique d e sign with attractive foyer in th is 4 b e d ro o m . 2 b o th h o m e 
M o d e r n > l ic h e n w ith p a n t ry a n d adiacen t fa m ily room Slid in g d o o rs o a la r g e c o v e r e d p a t io P r ic e educed IO $41,9oo 684-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schn eid er R e alty 
W E H A V E 2 H O M E S IN T B I R D 
H IL L S , Both ot 3 2 2 attached with ting, patio, a n d m u c h m o re! for d etails on cither one, 
R E D C A R P E T 
W estw ood Viltoqe, Neat L o c k la n d 
Kelly, 4 2 2. cove red polio, garden, shade a n d fruit trees, large, fenced b a c k y a rd , $28,ooo or a s s u m e low m onthly p a y m e n ts tor equity. 71JI 
Stone Fe n * e 674 6959 

 m ating 
»fhs, on a 
O v e rsize d room with 

WHISPERING OAKS 
T err die hom e for the d fa m ily S b e d ro o m s, . g o rg e o u s Cill de soc ll fam ilv ro om p iu s gait built ins Ona custom e xtra s $87,OOO 
N ile s 492 2545 
344 3o78 
D O N J U H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
KEYGBDUP 
WHISPERING OAKS x u n o u s I bedroom , J ? boths. on 
Joob'e lot. cove red with o a k s All t features you expect to find lh on e cu tive h om e in c lu d in g R o m a n 
< la rge fireplace, duo! heat a nd system s, a nd seven w alk in clo 
Is 
$98,9oo 
J42 41/7, lutes 
2 19S9. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
W H I S P E R I N G O A K S sp a c 1o hom e with torm ol livin g a nd dint ro om s w alnut paneled fam ily wi f ir e p la c e ' G o ae won a nd we 
B eautiful land' na lovely 

H E L O T E S 
R e s t o r e d IOO y r o*d hom e on I . o1 ihg, d in in g M i 
I bedroom , ti 
■ lichen, both. 
■•eluded with 

C A L L 494 *22/ 

A r mstrong Co. 
PRICE REDUCTION 
C a stle H ills, lo ve ly J b e d ro o m , 2 both, excellent condition, new root en app rox 
1 acre L a rg e recreation building, ow ner read y to m ove 
V e ra M ille r 344 2341. 34 4 8843 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GBOIHL 
Q U A L IT Y O L D E R R O C K 3 2 2 den 
H o m e , n e w e r kitch e n , fire p la c e , 
H A, beautiful huge corn er ot trees 
N S Schools, 
A D re a m e rs M o de l for 
R e d e cora tin g ' 824 45o/ 
REQUA REALTY CO 
Y O U S A D ? B U Y P A D 
B E G L A O ! 
A n d you won t find o better p ad tor tin- m oney then this 2 b ed room g a r ­ d e n h o m e in the N o rth w e st C a r pets, log! $2J,5oo total 824 o1/1 
R E D C A R P E T 

• 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S L O T S 
D O Y O U R O W N T H IN G on pr, corn er lot or adiacent inside lot high on hilt, g re a t view , trees, no re frictio ns a s to b u ild e rs or tim e al low ance O w ne r A ge nt 699 OOI 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S - 5 Sp a c io u s b e d r o o m s , 3 b e a u t if u l b a th tor m al living, separate d in in g room 
A m o n g the m o n y e x t r a s — inte com , b unt In s, wet b or 
P e rfe c tly m a in ta in e d O w n e r a n x io u s. C o il 
342 3111 A N Y T IM E . 

WHISPERING OAKS 
B y owner. 4o 3 5 W h isp er Fern. 6 3 2. beautiful nom e Tastefully d ecoro t ud. custom draped, targe den with fireplace S88 OOO F o ro p p t 492 237o 
N o a gents please 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S ; 2 story. 4 be 
B ro o m e , s e p a r a t e liv in g d in in g room , sp rin k le r, e x tra s 
$/8,OOo 
49/ 93/4 

Wilderness Setting 
O n the I doe ut tow n— W e build one a t a t im e — Se e o u r la te s t 3 be d ro o m . 7 b a th w ith o u i x o v e r looking the hill country tor $54,85o 
O n ly 6 ml. to M edico! C enter It s a 
B eo uty — 
C A L L 341-3154 A N Y T I M E ! 
Pertoction H o m e s 
W a lk er J B orneB ey, B ulid ei 

IT S U U Y IO F IA L ! A 
IX e el SS M W V 
W A N T A O 223-1 AAA 

HOMES— SOUTH!AST J w l 4 

HIGHLAND HILIS 
Beautiful 3-2-1 with central heat and oir, carpet, stone ftonf, appliances and low pace Only 526,ooo. No down 
VA. (all now. 

1oo% BRICK lovely 3-2-2 with Eomily room, built in kitchen, custom drapes ond carpet 
Only *3o,5oo. 
HIGHLAND'S ELEGANCE 
1oo% Brick 3-2-2 with formol living, dining, den, electric kitchen, lovely patio and large fenced lot (all today. 
532-3254 Nites 927-2896 

CENTURY 2 1 

WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

S m a ll E c o n o m y H o m e In H o r - landale, I Block. To School. $8,95o. 
G E O R G E S M IT H R E A L T Y 924-5174 
Tired of Sm a ll room s, then see this la rge 3 1 % hom e on I o cre 
S A N T E X C O R E A L T O R S 653-o46o 

216 • HOUSES-SOUTHWEST 

A A A A D E A L . 525o m o ve in cost tor 
3 b ed roo m s? 2 boths. M a r c h first paym ent. 
496-/42o W A Y N E S L A T E R 674 6124 
A b a r g a in on lik e n ew g o v t ac a u ir e d h o m e s d o lly . A ll p a r t s of town, low dow n p a y m e n ts and c lo sing 
C P H A R R E L L _________ 
532-7671 

ASSUME 73/4%-S255 MO. 
3 2 2. N S IS D , carpet, central den, cove red patio, b ig ya rd . 
828-o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
W A T S O N 8, S O N R E A L T O R S 
B A C K O N M A R K E T 
F H A a p p raise d at $18,55o L a r g e 174/ sa. It 
3 bedroom , 2 bath at 52? B on n e r in 
R a v e n H ill A r c a , H a r l a n d a l e 
Schools, belter h u rry 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
_____________ 
1-663-5597 

BARGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
N o d ow n p a y m e n t to a n y o n e , 3 4 b ed roo m s, 2 baths, so m e w ith a ir a nd appliances. F irst p aym en t in 
M a rc h 
532-5251 B O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 
•••4 B e d r o o m s , 2 b oth , g o r o g e n e a r schools, in V o lle y Hi, $23,875 
923-19o4 A rcim e g o R e alty 923-52o6 
••• B e lo ire , 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 bath, den, 
$19,5oo. 
N oth in g dow n to anyone! 
923-19o4 A rcin ic q q R e alty 923-52o6 
• B R E N T W O O D V I L L A G E * 
N ea r K en ne d y HI. 3 b ed room K elly a nd L a c kla n d . R A N C R E S T R E A L ­ 
T Y , 433 66/6. 
C O Z Y . 2 b edroom s, air, $7o to m ove in, $13o mo. H u r r y I 
696-/42o W A Y N E S L A T E R 684 6169 
D I S T R E S S S A L E 
E a u ity a n d o s so m e loan, 3 bedroom , I bath with den ond central heat o nd air. Low paym ents, this w on t lost. C all now 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
_________________________ 
675 o696 

A 5 bedroom hom e for only $33,5oo 
Central heat a nd air, fo rm al dining, cove red patio, fenced ya rd . G re a t for kid s! Open term s! 342 4177, nites 
656-o333 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
H A R L A N D A L E 
A R E A 
L a r g e o ld e r sty le ro c k h o m e w ith 2 b e ­ d roo m s, 2 both s a n d den C lo se to sc h o o ls , s h o p p in g a n d b u s 
B u y equity and a ssu m e . 
923 432/ 
626-1/7/ 
Ronald Williamson 

HERITAGE FARM 
L a r g e 3 2 hom e, livin g a n d tom ily ro o m s, p r iv a c y fe n c e d y a r d a n d cove red patio, term s. 696-3746 
Teri Bailey Real Estate 
Ind ian C ree k V a lie v H i A re a 
N o dow n anyone. $2o total c lo sing 
C hoose from se v e ra l 3 4 b ed room s, appliances, air. 1st pm t M a rc h '/ / 
222-9616 24 H r s T E R R A R E A L T Y 

INVESTOR SPECIAL 
Tw o new d u p le x e s In su b d iv isio n n e a r W llf o r d H a ll a n d L o c k la n d 
A F B O ne h o s a 3 bedroom , 2 bath unit ond a 2 bedroom , I bath unit. 
The other h a s a 7 bed room . 2 bath unit a rid a 2 bedroom . I bath unit. 
B e d ro o m s a n d liv in g a re a s a re fully ca rp e te d . K it c h e n s a re e q u ip p e d w ith ra n g e , d is h w a s h e r , d is p o s a l a nd refrigera tor. G oo d incom e p o ­ tential 
F o r view ing, call 6/3 5o83 
A N Y T I M E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
L A C K L A N D C IT Y 
3 b e d ro o m w ith fe n c e d y a r d A s su m e p a y m e n ts u nd e r $16o w ith low equity V e rv clean a nd o nly $18,3oo 
V A O K 484-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Sc hn eid er R e olty 

B e lla ire , no d ow n p a y m e n t to a n ­ yone 3 b e d ro o m s. 2 b ath s, targe fa m ily room , q a ra g e p iu s b ig car 
I, only $19,5oo total, p a y m e n ts than rent 
532 52S1 B O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 
3334 B O B B IL L A O R 
W ith tittie p aint this 3 b ed roo m . 2 bath hom e will tie like new. m a n y tras a n d the p rice is right 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534 88o8 
333 1468 
333 1764 
B Y O W N E R M u st sell im m ediately 
W ill p a y a ll d o s in g c o sts. 3 2 I 
L a r g e den. cent heat air. carpet, built in kitchen A ssu m e la rge equi- or refinance $28.ooo 648 118? 
C om p letely re m o d e le d 7 b ed roo m h o m e , n e w c a r p e t n e w b a th . se p a ra te liv in g ro o m a n d d in in g ro om . den. $19,9oo C a ll 532 o837 atter 6 
C O R N E R - O L D E R B E A U T Y 

O r i g in a l, c u s t o m c o n d it io n , i 7 k incom e 
E o x v te rm s on 
$24,ooo. 
VAN BUREN & ASSOC 
534 $451 
684 7171 
699-oo66 
•••• 819 D e ie w are. N oth in g dow n to anyone! 
$1o,975 
H a b io m o s 
E sp a n o l 
923-19o4 A m m e lin R e olty 923 52o6 

D E L L C R E S T A R E A . 3 2 2. b rick, b u ilt in s, c a rp e t, c o v e r e d patio. 
Open te rm s 
O w ne r anxiou s. Call now. 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
333 4144 
N ile s 656 2787 

D E L L C R E S T 
C orn e r lot IOO’-, brick, 3 7 I. carpet, patio, ga rd e n O n ly 127,5oo 456-1234 
R E P C A R P E T 

L A C K L A N O - K E L L Y A R E A . W e ll kept 3 bedroom , ? bath hom e with g a rd e n kitchen a n d lots of extras. 
Total p ric e $16,76o P a y m e n t s of 
$146 C an be a ssu m e d with reason able equity 
674-5411 
R E P C A R P E T 
L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E droom , I bath, converted g a ra g e to 9 x 9' stu d y , n ew ra n g e , fully c a r p e t e d . 12 x 15' p a tio , la r g e c o v e r e d fro n t p o rc h , c o m p le te ly fenced. IO x 7' sto rage sh e d Open 
Term s. 524,ooo 
R E D C A R P E T 
L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E , 3 be droom , I 1 .- bath. con verted g a ra g e to 9x9' study, new range, fully cor p e te d , I ? x 
15' p a t io , la r g e m c o v e r e d fro n t p o r c h , c o m p le t lv fenced 
IO x V sto rage shed. Open 
T erm s, $24,ooo. 
R E P C A R P E T 
L ittle or N o C r e d it 1 $1oo D o w n 
P a y m e n t s s t a r t a t $15o 
3 a n d b d rm h om e s A n yo n e con b u y L A 
A R e o l E state 433 899o, 927-5129 
M C C U L L O M H I, 3 b ed room , 2 bath on quiet street, excellent condition 
V A o p p ro ise d at $16,ooo. N o dow n seller will pay all clo sin g costs. 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
___________________ 
423-397* 
M U S T S E E T H IS .1 2 I. in B ella ire 
O n ly $215 to m o ve in. P a y m e n ts 
519o 
J A J 
474 54o) 
A N Y T I M E 

D ille r , st new hom e, b ric k , 3 / 2 . fireplace, central heat o nd a ir 
o 6 4 o L E Q N A R D 
Reoltor66t l l ? ? 

DON’T BRING MDNEY 
B rin g yo u r paint b ru sh 
N o dow n 
POV m en) to anyone, 3 4 b edroom s. 7 b ath s, so m e a ir a n d a p p lia n c e s 
P a y m e n ts le ss than rent 
532 5251 B O B D e P A O L O R E A L TO R 
E A S T W O O D V IL L A G E 
$15,7oo 
$5oo dow n on lovely 11 2 H U R R Y 
828 4 5 4 5 P R IA K O S R E A L T Y 24 hrs. 
E X T R A N IC E 5 P L IT L E V E L 
4 ? ;, central a ir-heat p riv a c y fence, T i t a r o n d large den a nd go m e coom, fireplace 
127 o227 W A T S O N A 5Q N 
532 7852 
H E IR S M U S T S E L L N E A R 41o 
5o - m ine rals, coastal, pecan s 
R o o m y ro ck hom e. alt utilities 
C lose to city, sm o il dow n 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
736 1746 
828-8444 
496-5894 
H I G H L A N D H IL L S . E x t r a n ice 3 bedroom with 15x3o den, carpeted 
Attached g a ra g e B e su re to see this one! 923 4327. 924 2922 
Ronald Williamson 
H igh la n d P a rk , all m a so n ry , extro la r g e 3 b e d ro o m , o a r a g e , w o rk shop. central heat a ir. trees 
Coli 

ERA 
*32 31o/ 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a l t o r 
64 8-33 o/ 
239 H IG H W A Y D R 
3 b e d ro o m , 
I both, la r g e liv in g ro o m , c a rp e t 
S IJ OOO Call 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o>55 til 8 pm 
Historic Kino Wirt Area 
The dow ntow n resident com m unity 
Single a nd M u lti F a m ilv 
R E S T O R A T IO N S Inc. R e alto rs 
224 4475 
L a rg e lot. 5o x 32S, 6 ro om house, 
$1o,ooo, for sale bv ow ner, con ven ­ tio n a l on So u th ccoss C all 924 58o5 
M C C O L L U M H I A R E A 4 or possi 
6le 5 bedroom . ? both, den, cove red patio . 8o 
B ric k , la r g e o a k o n d pecan trees $24,5oo 924 2481 otter 
3op< 
N e a r K a le S c h e n c k S c h o o l 
4 be d room s, 2 baths, carp ort, V A -F H A 
$21,3oo 974 8116. 33/ 492/ 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
N I C E 3 l l h o m e oft W W W hite, cornet, d ish w a sh e r V A T H A 
448 3338 L O R I P P S R L T Y 6488448 
O rt W W W h it e R d 
J b e d r o o m , ro rn e r lot. 
P H A or 
V A 
Below closing. 
* 
133 o 6 4 o L E Q N A R D , Reoitoc661 3322 

O F F W W 
W H IT E 
L o v e ly 3 be droom , carpeted, fenced, near school 
924 4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
P L E A S A N T O N R O A R E A 
O ld e r ? b e d r o o m h o m e , lo r g e fenced lot with pecan trees, O nly ll/ . SOO 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

531 RIGSBY 
2 b e d r o o m , liv in g ro o m , d in in g room , fa m ily room , 2 both R a n g e a n d re frig a n d 3 a ir units. L a rg e w o rksh op In garage, all this con be y o u rs, V A , F H A or C o n v e n tio n a l 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . C a ll P o r t e r 
533 551! N ile s 655 o8/5 R E A L T O R 
Arthur E. BIARD 

N E A R 
H A R L A N D A L E 
H I G H 
S C H O O L N ice 3 bedroom , sep arate din in g, d etach ed g o r o g e a n d stor age. 415.ooo 923 4327. 924 I8JS 
Ronald Williamson 
N E A R L A C K L A N D . P ric e reduced 
$2ooo o n th is 4 b e d ro o m . 2 b o th h o m e . H o s I g r g e t o m ily ro o m cove red patio, a n d m o n y other ex tra s N ow $23,ooo N o dow n on V A 
Loo n 474- $411 
R E D C A R P E T 

 u - 

N e o r S 
F l o r e s , c o r n e r tot, im m a c u la t e c h a r m in g o ld e r 
2 
B e d ro o m h om e , fire p la c e , p e c a n trees, 2 c a r ga rage . V A F H A C all 
O lga 
ERA 
532 31o/ 
JACK MITCHELL 

R editor 
673 o(o8 

N O D O W N , I B ed roo m . I . both. all new carpeting, a pp lia n c e s B U Y N O 
D O W N V A , o r a s s u m e $16o p e r m onth with m odest equity 674 355? 
H O D S D O N A A SSO C .. R E A L T O R S 
KET GROUP 

O P E N T E R M S , $1 9,5oo fo r th is lovely 3 bedroom . I bath. sin gle car g a r a g e , c e n tr a l o ir h eat, 8 x I ? ' 
Patio, ra n g e a n d re frige ra to r rem ain. 
R E D C A R P E T 
O P E N T E R M S . $1 9,5oo fo r t h is lovely 3 bedroom , I bath, sin gle c ar g a r a g e , c e n tr a l a ir heat. 8 x 12' patio, ra n g e a n d re frige ra to r rem ain. 
R E D C A R P E T 
P A Y M E N T * L E S S T H A N R E N T b edroom s, clean. $2oo m o v e in cost, 
$15o m o 
694 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 344 o934 

SACRIFICE 
172o W So uth cro ss. J la rge room s a n d bath Rented $75 P ric e $6,785 
$2,o6(1 c ash C oil 227 7265 o r 533 o6o5 
J S A R IZ O L A R E A L T Y C O 

V A L L E Y H I, 3 1 c a r p o r t h o m e w ith p a n e le d liv in g a n d f a m ily room . 13oo sq ft new root a n d lots of wall to w all thro ugho u t 434 2341 
R E D C A R P E T 
V A L L E Y H I N O R T H 
L o r g e 3 b e d r o o m h o m e , 2 B ath , double g a ra g e Fe n ce d lot w ith lots of trees Cern tod a y I 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 1481 

WESTWOOD PA RK J I c a. o n ly 
$1/5 to m o ve rn p a y m e n ts $165 
JBJ 
674 54o1 
ANYTIM E 
W E S T W O O D V I L L A G E 
I t-tc p , $19o d o w n , $ 1 *5 m o n th . 
67$ 1691, 623 I///. 623 572o 
- 
P O I N T E R r e a l e s t a t e 
•*•'*1433 W G erald, Dup lex, corn er 
N o t h in g d o w n V A . W ill g o F H A . 
H o b la m o s E sp a n o l 
973-1984 A rcim e g o R e alty 973 42o4 
•••• 1531 W 
G e r a ld , D u p le - , corn er 
N oth in g dow n V A 
W ill go 
F H A H a d o rn o s E sp a n o l 

 t il HOUSES MOVED 

F R E E L U M B E R to a n yo n e w illin g to rem o ve old bldg com pletely. 
923-55/2 
Older 5 ro am hou se tor sale Ie be m oved outside the city, will d elive r 
494-29$>after 6 P M 
6 room house with asbestos siding and good root to be moved 225 4oIO . 

S M A L L HOUSE*. Cheap, m o v e d o n d foundation 653 713/. 

 iX F R It s H iv e s 
WANT AO aas-1 BBA 

O nly 7 M ile s North O ut 281 
(Betw een Blanco Rd. and San Pedro) 

Closest A crea ge Hom esites to 
San Antonio 

TIMBERWOOD PARK 
Vt to 2 Acre Tracts 

All Utilities Available. 
Site Selections & Reservations. 

Beginning M o n d ay, Jon. IO ) 
Coli 4 9 4 -5 2 3 7 
Gale Real Estate 
For Inform ation 

 f suxumtn n o r m * J ( 226) 

•MOUNTAIN TOP MORTH* 
A s t a g g e r i n g v ie w f o r m ile s , cove red with oaks. $94oo. 698-2o93, 
■ 
1 
9 
4 
- 6 
' 7 
? _______________ 
M O U N T A IN T O P N W 
51 A c r e s n e a r L e o n S p rin g s , w ill s u b -d iv id e o n d se ll IS o c r e s , 2o a c re s, 31 a c r e s or all. O w n e r fin ­ ance. Cecil O rrick 
735-8ooo D o n Sm ith B ro k e r 677 8oo4 

MUST SELL!! 
Beautiful Hill C ou n try build ing site. p ave d ro a d s o nd w oter sy ste m in this e x c lu siv e a re a. C all 497-3752. 
823-2o13 nites. 
_________ _ _ _ _ _ 
NEAR SOMERSET 
I and 2 a cre tracts, beautiful oaks, h w y f r o n t a g e . $5o d o w n , s m a ll m onthly. 
Bill 
H a rp e r 
494 7412, 
■>44-2514. 
__________________ 
N E E D T A X S H E L T E R 5 
228 A c r e s n e o r L a k e C a la v e r a s 
595o p e r a c r e . O w n e r f in a n c e . 
214 826-765o. 2 ll 169 5284.___________ 
N O C IT Y T A X E S 2 a c re s with se- cluded 4 b edroom hom e N E I S D 
P ric e d raht with e xcellent fin a n c ­ ing. 349 4276, 342 5o18 
JIM VIA REALTOR 
N o d ow n P a y m e n t! $31 m o a n d own 2-2 A cre s. Sw im in sp rin g fed creek jim A sh ley Realty 226 7774 

PICK UP PAYMENTS on this bc-autiful w ooded a cre out 
281 N o rth , on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r , 
B en ny 
M artine z. 
497 3753 or 
824 o86o 
_______________________ 
P ic ku p p ovm e n ts on 6 A cre s. $52.o8 m o S w im m in g , h u n tin g, v ie w tor m iles. Jim A sh le y Realty 226 7774 
R I V E R F R O N T 2 A C R E S 18 m inutes fro m S a n A n ton io. A ll u tilitie s on paved rood good trees fish in g • c a n o e in g 
$52oo to $6 5o o 
G o o d 
T erm ". Call Steve Hanzel, 494 525/ or K'b 1o9.’___________________________ 

~ SACRIFICE 
O w ner m ust veil this beautiful a cre 
North o! town L o a d s of O ak T rees, a s w a te r a n d e le c tric ity . M a k e otter, m ust sell before Jan. 2o. Call 
49/-3/51 e v e n in gs 822-9355__________ 
281 S I A N D 5 A C R E T R A C T iO 'o down, ow ner carry, beautiful trees, level 
227-o227 W A T S O N & SO N 
628-1242 

(? £ GENCY HOMES. INC. 

Presents a New Year’s baby! This 

 spofious rock home is a beo 

 utifully decorated 3 bedroom, 2 

 bath, master bedroom with sit­ 

 ting area, his and her both, tomi­ 

 ly room with high, sloping ceil­ 

 ings ond fireplace, activity room, 

 oil prepored kitchen with special 

 cabinets plus separate dining. All 

 of this ond more located on I 

 acre oak studded tract in Ook 

Village North. Out Son Pedro, go 

IO miles post 16o4, turn right FM 

1863, go approximately 2 % miles 

 to Smithson Valley Rood, turn left 

 and follow the signs. 

3 4 1 - 7 o 5 7 

W.F. LACKEY 

& ASSOC. 

NEW COUNTRY HOME 
Nxw anltm 4m an4 tom# on l l aaxt 
•I l«i*4 <o.xr*4 with ixrxx m n USO tg. it. »t Ii .IXJ or** plvi lot 9* 4nu4i* *1. rotk*4 garogo wit* oloctm door li.w* wire to, 
“ ‘ tolly Hull lo*p. 
Soo*l*4 ixonty room ante bm* hexyl***, ii .lour* kitch#* with kwh ii* roof* a*4 
Xivhwaihoi. Thrx* b*4roootx I WX rom pint bolk. Shoo to* yxt rtmofhxwt (to­ itoi mr *o4 hoot lxt*t*4 in! woil of 
Honootoa City limit On pa<*4 moon 
City «rol or 
PRICE: $ 3 9 ,8 o o .o o 
HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
(Omer Highway 281 8 Goodwin St. 
Pleasanton, Texas 
Telephone 
San Antonio: 
626-2111 
Pleasanton- 
569-252/ 
569-2o28 
* 69-248/ 

LANO SAVINGS 

ACCOUNTS IN THE HILL 

COUNTRY 

PARCH 237 
Guodolupe River trod, 
164 ft on the widest point of the river. Deep woter, 25o yeor old 
Cypress trees, Huge live Oaks and 
Pecans I Vt ocres, building site with vista view 515,ooo, $1,5oo down, 
5146 21 per month for 144 months, at 8 % simple tax deductible in terest. Piepayoble without penalty. 

V A R C O 128 - K IN D A IIA , Hill coun­ try in charming German Community, 
5995, owner financing. 

PARCH 299 • BIRCHUM, Acreage tract with large trees. Ooks. Cypress, 
Hickory. Year oround-running creek 
Hill top view for miles 59,995 55oo down, long term low interest finon ting. 

PARCEL 134 • BOERNE AREA, Won­ derful trees, view 
Tremendous articulturol possibilities. 53,995. 52oo down, good low monthly payments. 

HBG REAL ESTATE 

Hill Country Specialist 

7 3 3 -1 3 o 9 

DEVINE REALTY 

D evine. Texas 
1-663-4558 

S A D M line 626-12oo 
21 AC. Lots of G A M E N ot Boerne, good buv of o nly $7oo a o cre 
732-64o2 H 
C astle R e olty 492 9436 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
N W of So n A n ton io In B e x a r. Consol, 
K en dall C o s. I 18 a c re s or M o re 
DON SMITH DO 
698 244o 
B R O K E R 
698-2261 
A c re a g e tracts sm a ll dow n, sm a ll monttsiy, beautiful oaks, no ro ck or cedar Coli M a g e e 342 2516 
A c re a g e tracts, sm a ll dow n, sm a ll m onthly, beautiful ooks, no rock or cedar Coll M a g e e 34? 2516_________ 

A C R E A G E T R A C T S 

2 to 8 . acre tracts, located on lower 
S e g u in Rd. N e d r R a n d o lp h A F B 
IO dow n with up to 15 v e e r p ay out. Water, electric pow er a nd fete phone A il tra c ts on p ave d rodds. 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 
333 4971 
653-2254 
532-7164 

 f/2 ACRE 
IS m inutes N o rth of N orth Sta r M a li 
O ok trees, go o d soil H ill C o u n try utilities a v a ila b le $2195. $19S down, 
*4o.56 month. S y e a rs at 8 interest. 
L a k e p o rt R e ol (.stole. 494 3419 or 
342 16o8 
17 A c re s at $69$ a c re ort 281, Pretty oaks, excellent hunting. J im A sh le y 
Real E state 664-J276 l l 9 A C R E S B a n d e r a H w v . b ea u htui m ountain view , deer $85o o cre 
432 4681 

4o A cres 
C ove t R o o d lu st so u th of M e d in a 
B o s e 
R u n n i n g c r e e k 
H a s o il production, m in e ra ls included Coil 
E v e Arnold, 73S 658S or 227 81o5 
E.D. GOZA 
REALTOR»227 81Q5 
IO A c re s F of B lanco, sm a ll house, go o d too soil. n ice trees J im A sh lev, Reol E sta te 684 4276. 
7 $ 
A C R E S 
$ 6 9 9 5 
F i n a n c i n g 
A vailab le B v O w ne r L B 4 88/6 

5.3 ACRES 
Mill C ou n try View , ra n c h e r w an ts to sell near T w in Sisters. $3,71o with o w n er fin a n c in g M B G R E A L E S 
T A T E . 82? 1236 

IO ACRES 
L o c a te d on F M 1518 S E . L o r g e 3 bedroom . 2 both home- den, central hefat air, double ga rage , E C en tral 
S c h o o ls . 
C o li 
L o u is e 
B a r i n g 
533 /163. 621 7o49 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KY CROUP 
3 * o T A C R E S IO m iles N of S A on 
U S 281. 4843’ fro n ta g e on 4 tam d iv id e d su p e r h ig h w a y 
R ip e to d e v e lo p e m e n t 
* ? $ o o p e r o c r e 
6/4 577/ Or 344 (433 

I •3 acres 
N eo r B oe rne A rea . Beautiful fro . . in Hill C ountry. A c c e ss to lake a nd 
G u a d a lu p e R i v e r 
P r ic e *1 ,4 9 5 sm a ll down, 8 '« sim p le interest 
L A K E C R O F T . 
INC. 
497 3*64 
142 18o8 

22 ACRES 

N e a r B o e rn e on paved rood, od lr g r o ss with sp re a d in g ooks. Fen ce d stock tank, stable, a nd well 24 x 6o, 
3 b e d ro o m , ? b o th m o b ile h om e , turn, cho ice b u ild in g sigh t E x c e l lent a ssu m p tio n 

C A L L 494 *27/ 

A n m i r e n c L C a 

S ACRES N O R T H A M 
B eautiful tract on p ave d ro od See a n d you w ill b u y C a ll R o y W o o d l 
49/ 3751 E v e n in g s 822 V 3 5 5 M 
45 A c re s 
R ip M ed ina , railin g hills quod g ra ss, beautiful b uild ing site. 
SLOOP A cre S34 47M 

2 ACRES SI. 
N e o r L a k e C a la v e r a s , n ic e vi o n d clean land E a s y term s, $2,15o total p ric e $2oo dow n, 8 . sim p le interest *2/ 7441 
H B G R E A L E S T A T E 
5 A C R E S 
Som erset, beautiful trees, electric tv. good w aler, h ave a g a rd e n a nd so m e c h ic k e n s M o b ile h o m e s per m illed O w n e r finance C ecil O rric k 
73* KOOP D o n Sm ith B ro k e r 4/7 8U84 
36 8 A C R E S S O U T H E A S T 
Located on G a rd e n e r R d . a p p ro x 
1 1 m ile So of Su lfu r S p r in g s R d 6 in woter m om at p ro p e rty Sa n d y loam soil, trees, m o stly in field F o r in for m otion, coll 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 

U M // 1 
453 2254 
5327164 

PLEASANTON, TEXAS 

 lots of fruit tries and extra lots with this 3 bedroom, I both home. I 

 block to shopping and 2 blocks to school. 514,ooo Nights 653-2798 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

6*6-5*2o 691-1121 341-9191 

• 7 A C R E S S O U T H • with nice brick home. N e a r IS IS a n d 
IH 3/ 
P L A T T R E A L E S T A T E 735 4768 

SOUTH BEXAR COUNTY 
Modern all brick, 3 bedroom home, situated on 3 1/? acres. 22oo sq. ft. liv­ ing area, double garage, carpet, fireplace, central air ana heat. IOO gallon per minute litigation well with sprinkler system, lorge commercial greenhouse with tomatoes in pro­ duction. 3oo peach trees, possession up on closing. Shown by appointment only. 
Priced 511o,ooo 
HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
Comer Highway 281 8 Goodwin St. 
Pleasanton, Texas 
Telephone 
San Antonio: 
626-2111 
Pleasanton 
569-252/ 
569-248/ 
569-2o28 

S C E N IC L O O P 
16o A c re s of beautiful rolling Tx hill 
Co., native ro ck ram b le r, 3 2. tire la c e , p t io -p o o l a n d a ll e n ie n c e s . In c lu d in g c a r e taker s house, ideal location for M o d 
School, U T SA . O w ne r will sell all or 
Dart or trade. M a k e otter. 
824 171o 

S P E C A I L ! I! 
R o o m h o u se on ’n a cre , fenced, ice t re e s, s e llin g to se ttle iu d gement. 51o,9oo. G ua ran te e d title. 
626 2174 

B Y O W N E R H ill C o u n try L iv in g , 
W in d w o o d E sta te s, B o e r n e a re a . 
4-2' ?-2‘ on 
2’ .' o crs. 
$72,5oo. 
1-755 4274 

24oo SQ.FT. of A IR 
Y e a r s old. 4 big b edroom s, 2 full boths, h uge central livin g area. Si tooted on big c o rn e r with gigan tic oak tre e s 
M a n y E x t r a s ! O n ly 4 m ile s n o rth of M a lls . S h o u ld bn 
$7o,ooo. Re du ced to $55,ooo. A R E A L 
S T E A L for the H a n d y M an . 341-2222 
A nytim e. 
Century 21 
R S Y T E A L . R E A C T O R S 

C O M A L C O U N T Y A C R E A G E 
25 TO SO A C R E S . 7 m ile s from N ew 
B ra u n fe ls on H w v 3o6 to C a n y o n 
D a m . Id e a l fo r d e v e lo p m e n t o r sm all ranch. Beautiful trees 16oo ti. r o a d f r o n t a g e 
$125o p e r a c r e . 
O w n e r f in a n c e d w ith a b o u t 2 o % down, 7 ' i j interest on b alance for 
IO y e a rs 
IS A C R E S Beautiful 3 2 b ric k hom e with fireplace L a rg e o a k s a nd few cedar trees. G ood g ra ss, located on 
H unter 
Rd. 
3 m iles from 
N ew 
B raunfels. 
IO A C R E F A R M with sm a ll h om e su rro u n d e d with trees. $38,5oo. 
T U N N E L L R E A L E S T A T E 
O ffice on H u n te r Rd. I m ile from 
N ew B rau nfe ls. 625-36o7 or P O B o x 
172, N ew Braunfels, 

T a k e u p p a y m e n t s o n Jx a c r e 
N o r t h w e s t fo r h o m e b u ild in g . 
W ater, city utilities. 
M r, 
Fe lle r, 
679-7229. 
________________________ 

TEACHERS 
H a v e tim e to lo o k? N ow is the tim e to b u y . 3' 2 a c r e s , n e a r C a n y o n 
Lake, ow ner d e sire s to sell a u ick ly 
$2,45o with ow ner financing. N a m e v o u r te rm s. N o Q u a lify in g . B I L L 
H U G H E S , B ro k e r. 342-18o8 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
24 A c re s of O ok trees a nd g ra ss, 2 
B e d ro o m h om e w ith 2 fire p la c e s, gu e st house, sw im m in g pool, B a rn and pens. Exce llen t d c c e ss from IM 
IO between B o e rn e a nd C om fort, but secluded M a n y u nu su a l teatures. 

A C. Schwethelm & Assoc 
SOI F ro n t Street, C o m fo rt, T e x a s 
78o13, Telephone; (512) 995-3313 o r 
(51?) 995 2163 N ig hts 
C O U N T R Y E S T A T E 
T h is one h a s it cli! 3 b e d ro o m s. 2 lu ll both s, com p le te kitch e n , f ir e ­ place and pool, too All on 1% a cres. 
Fenced $69,5oo 656-1234 
R E D C A R P E T 

9 A C R E S W A T E R F R O N T 

O n s p r i n a fe d la k e . 5855 d o w n p ay m e n t, S I3 3 37 per m o O w n e r financed. C all 734-9598 
5 A C R E S , west B e x a r C o Ook trees ond creek Not in su b d iv isio n B E S T 
R E A L T Y 924 4546. 

ADREAM 
Com e Tru e 18 5 A c re s p lu s m ode rn 
> bedroom 2 bath hom e, fireplace in d en p lu s lo r g e g o m e r o o m , sw im pool $1o9,85o 
494 5281 
494 2o43 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 

Alter Christmas Land Sale 
A c re a g e on 16o4, N W of S a n A n ­ tonio F ro m $35oo per acre. T e rm s lo suit. C ustom h om e s g o in g up now, 
H B G , IN C . 479-7ISo 

A P P R O X . 25 A C R E S 

N ortheast corner of L u c k e y R d o n d 
B rig g s Rd . Southw est B e x a r Co. 3 2 r o c k h o m e , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
L a r g e d o u b le g a r o g c o n d w o rk sh o p 2 w a te r w e lls 
T e rm s . F o r inform ation, coil 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 
333 4971 
653-2254 
5327164 
A T T E N T IO N G I S 
IO a cre s n eor new C ou n try C lu b in 
K e rrv ille G ently ro llin g hills, huge oak trees, deep soil. SI5oo Per acre. 
896 244o 

A WHOLE MDUNTAIN 
A spe ctacu lar view, o bstructed only b v la rge o a k s G a rd e n soil, fenced, good well, o v e r 7 a c re s O w ner wilt fm onte 
R ob ert Sm ith, 698-2o93 or 
494 6777 
BANDERA 
3 a c r e s . S22oo. o w n e r t e r m s . i state, 34? 1661 

 a b a r g a in . G o o d 
L o k e c r o f t R e a l 

BEAUTIFUL ACRE 
Out 281 N orth, near B u lv e rd e G re a t build ing site. woter, electricity, ond 
Pave d roads. 
Coll 
497-3752 or 
824 (QI 3 ___________________________ 

5 Beautiful h igh I a cre hom e sites, neor L eo n V alie v, this land w orth m in im u m $74,ooo will sa c rific e for 
$6o,ooo M a k e otter 7(6 5o3/ 
B L A N C O , T E X A S 
L o v e ly 2-2-2. c u sto m b u ilt h om e . cozy fa m ily room with fire lace on oak cove red lot. A m u st to see 
O F F P E A R S A L L R O A D 
16 3o o c re s. sto ck ta n k o iu s $ be droom . J bath, central a ir a nd heat a lso sm a ll se c o n d h o u se w ith one b e d ro o m , b oth o n d liv in g ro o m 
Com pletely fenced. Ail this for only 
$4$, 5oo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341 / IIS ______________ 
R E A L T O R S 

6DERNE AREA 
( D E C O R A T E D br 
J U S T R E D E C O R A T E D b rick 3 be droom , 2 both hom e on 2 la rge lots in Boerne, ioods of extras. SJD 5oo 

S P A C IO U S L IV I N G A R E A , with bedroom s, I' > bath hom e in a aute se clu de d area ot B o e rn e M o v e in now $29,ooo 

H ID E A W A Y on this 8 8/6 A c re s tom on 7 s id e s b v lo r g e r a n c h fenced on 3 sid es near B o e rn e lr w ert e s t a b li s h e d s u b d iv i s i o n 
O w ner fin a n c in g with good term s. 

S E C L U D E D m o d e r n r o c k 4 be­ d ro o m , ? b oth h o m e w ith d ou b le g a ra g e situated on qppox it beau tiful ook studded a c re s with plenty of deer, Quoit and d ove $61,5oo 

S O U T H O F B O E R N E , this beautiful lot w ith 2ox24 g a r a g e p lu s 12x12 a t t a c h e d r o o m , e le c t r ic it y property, $9,ooo 

AMASON REALTY 
I 249 8S32 

BOERNE AREA 
N ew fantastic split level in beautiful 
H ill C o u n try T i plus, loaded. Sa v e a p p ro x *6o a m onth In ta xe s tee trout, live o o k s g a lo re Interest p aym ent due Fe b I 
D e sp e ra te tor c o n tra c t 
W ill d is c o u n t for q u ic k so le o r t a k e t r a d e 
C a ll c o lle c t 
249 2332. 249 J J M 
B O E R N E , J bedroom , 2 b om home, beautiful tented yard, 219 2819 

BOERNE R BEST 
W e hove J a nd 4 bedroom , 2 and bath, custom built b eauties All o re of r iia s o n o r y c o n s t r u c t io n , w ith c u sto m L u iit-in s a n d d e taile d lea lu r e s , o n o a k s t u d d e d lo t s oi a crea ge s.ifh beautiful vie w s M o st have fa m ily ro o m s e nd fire p la ce s 
Call tor m ore inform ation 
249 354$ or 249 26/1 
242 S M A IN 
B O E R N E . 
T E X 

R M. George Realty 

B y owner. E a r ly T e x a s style house on G uadalupe R iv e r in Seguin, ; bedroom. 2 both with over 6oo sa ti of p orch e s Im proved water front 
4/5.UUU 1-3/9-44/4. 

C O U N T R Y L I V I N G on 8 fe n c e d a c r e s n e a r B o e rn e 2 sto ry h om e h as 4 b ed roo m s, 2 baths, 3 stall h orse barn, stock tank 
R E D C A R P E T 
342-3311 
R E A L T O R S 
344-798S 

COUNTRY LIVING 
B uild y o u r own hom e on beautiful oak studded A c re s in c ou n try O n ly 
IS min. fro m N orth Sta r M all. H a v e f r e e s fo r n e ig h b o r s . C o ll B ill, 
R E A L T O R 342 4224 nites 342-2876 
Arthur E. BIARD 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
B ig 3-2 den, h u ge fire p lace , o nly 3 y e a rs old. O n S tree studded a c re s 
B la c k to p ro o d on 3 sid e s. F e n c e c ro s s fenced 349-65o3, 494-2o4o 
Martha Worley Realtors 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
2 o cre s, close-in, utilities 
H o ve horse, garde n, p riv a c y 
W A T S O N & S O N R E A L T O R S 
734 1766 
828 o665 
333 1163 

Doctors Lawyers Tiuiufieps 
G ot the t im e ? r v c go t the la n d 
P la ce your m o ncv w here the return is best. 1,7,3 a c r e h o m e site s O r com m e rcial a cre a ge on 16o4. In the b o o m in g N W. a rc o 
In te re st o nly t e r m s 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E . 342-1441 
E a st central area, ? acres. 
648 333o L G R I P I S R L T Y 648 o448 

CROSEN RACHER RD. 
145 A c r e s 
2 b e d ro o m h o u se a n d b o rn 63o ft. E d w a r d s w ell P ro n rage on ult w eather ro ad , 4,ooo ft 
L e s s th a n 5 m i. f r o m L o o p 41o 
Other tracts. IO a c re s a n d up. B e x a r a nd W ilson Co 
3446268, 
341 6566. 
684-5768 
CONNALLY 

R E A L E S T A T E INC. 

G ro w yo u r ow n m eat o nd potatoes 
'a u n t r y living, city con ven ie n ce ' , ii of Pleasanton, 3o m in fro m S A 
IOO so. ft all electric, b rick, with fire p la ce a n d b ig ook tre e s on IO o c re s ct c o a sta l w ith 4 c o w s a n d bull g a rd e n spot with tractor a n d all equip A ll this tor only $65,o1o. 
Coll 1569-1169 or I 569-1624 atter 3 for appt 

Guadalupe River Beauty 
24 A cre s with beautiful rive r front new hom e with fireplace, new well on pave d road. one m ile from ih IO near C om fort 

A.C. Schwethelm & Assoc 

8o1 F ro n t Street. C om fo rt, Tex 
78o13. Telephone 
(512) 995 3313 or 
15)2) 995% 163 N ights 
H U O A c q u ir e d H o m e s oft S o u th 
Z a r ia m o r o a n d P oteet H ig h w a y 
Coll u s tor service. 
92442o9 
A L L R E A L T Y 
533 798/ 

JUST REDUCED MUST SELL 
G ood investm ent or c ou n try livin g c o m m u tin g d ista n r o a d s. 2 2 a c r e s , S. o u t sid e c ity 
Lithe Sm ith, A ge nt 534-189o 
L A R G E B U IL D IN G S IT E t m ile north from Loop N W desire d location, deep soil and w ooded o r e 
W a te r , e le c t r ic it y , o n d p h o n j 
P a y m e n ts of 542 l f O I I . Sim p interest atter sm all dow n B aym en 
C oil L o s Fetter 6/9 72/9 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 

Custom built 1-3 Acres. Oak tre e * , h ill c o u n try . N o rth 
Northw est. Homes .read y to move in to . Financed W e c u e tom build 
Mnve 1-3-5 a c re 

 tra d * available. W e consider trades. Saw ye r Const. Co. 
733-o4o9 
494-2743 

M a io r H ig h w a y F ro n ta ge B oe rn e 
15 or 2S o c re s. good land, no su b d iv isio n , a r a r e fin d in th is a re a 
Ow ner 494 333/ 

MINI RANCH 
35 a c r e s b e a u tifu l 3 b e d ro o m , both, b r ic k h o m e w ith f ire p lq c la r g e m e ta l b a rn , e x c e lle n t w ell fe n c e d , p a v e d ro o d c lo s e in to 
S e g u in 
R u a i w o t e r s y s t e m a v a ila b le M O, E V E R L E Y B A S 
SO C 6S4 24/1 
M o bile hom e } bedroom . I • balli and 2 '. acres OII P o irq n c o R o ad 
M o rs h a u o n d Leo n V alle y school 
D eep well R o o m tor hoi se s L o ts of o o k t r e e s , b e a u t if u l p r iv g t su rro u n d in g s Instan t su b u rb a n My m g N o city taxe s $21,ooo T e rm s 
6/9-/881) lh MODELS S A v f 
D iscou n t on J custom hom es, load ed D e velo pe r m ust deplete this in yentory before sta rting new m odels 
F e b u a ry I Sa v e o ver $5o m onth on ta x e s. N e w la k e , b e a u t if u l H ill 
C ountry. B o e rn e area C ib olo O ak 
S u b d iv is io n 
J u st ort IN IO. C o collect 249 2/64, 249 2J82 or nites SA 
735 36J4 

IT * IA S T IO P lA C t A 
I X M I S i - N I W * 
W A N I AB aa»-l**B 

T E X A S V E T S P ic k yo u r ow n land now At Vet a p p ra isa l 1/ o c re s ond up B la n c o A re o J im A sh le y R e a lly 
226-7774 

TIME REALLY FLYS 
M a k e v o u r p io n s now ii yo u a re th in k in g of C o u n try L iv in g . R u r a l p ro p e rty w ill c e rta in ly be h ig h e r this sp ring. H ere is a lu x u ry hom e on 25 a cres, of O o k s a nd w ild ga m e u st 28 m ile s fr o m W o n d e r la n d 
Th ere Is a guest house, e xtra stor age build ing a n d a deep well. W ell fenced a n d c r o s s fe nced 
C oll tor full details. $159,ooo. 344-6348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
I to IO a cre s, east central, utilities. 
648-333o L G .R I P P S R L T Y . 648-o448 
T W O A C R E S O F R I V E R 
N orth on G u a d a lu p e Sce n ic w o o d s a n d to p so il 
H ig h a b o v e a c le a r clean g ra v e l bottom river. $12,9oo 
O w n e r w ill fin a nce R o b e rt Sm ith, 
698 .1o61. it no a nsw e r. 494 6777 
W IL S O N C O U N T Y 
L oc ate d a p p ro x . ' - mi. o u tsid e of 
S E. B e x a r C o in W ilson Co. B ea u tiful 8 rom 3-3-2 W e stern ra n c h style white brick resid e nce with 5 a c re s or m ore. R e sid e n ce is 8 y e a rs old, con tains 3,ooo sa.ft. and is In excel lent cond ition L a r g e o v a l sh o o e d s w im m in g p o o l o n d b e a u t if u lly la n d sc a p e d g r o u n d s. T e rm s . F o r com plete details, Call 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 
3-4971 
653-2254 
532-7164 
W IN D W O O D E S T A T E S , I tor sole by ow ner, 249-2819 

228 - RESORT PROPERTIES 

A B E A U T I F U L L O T A T 
CANYON LAKE s h o o 
L O T - A ll Utilities ■ neor lake • boat ra m p • SHOO or $1oo dow n. S IS 59 m onth for 84 m onths, 8 % Interest 
L O T - L arge . L a k e a nd sw im m in g pool a n d boat ra m p near by. - trees -• 
$16oo e asy term s 
L O T • H ig h on a hill • beautiful view. 
L o rg e site • lake n ear bv • Si4oo or 
$1oo down. S IS 38 tor 96 m o nth s 6 _> m erest 
L O T • W aterfront - nea r sw im m in g pool a n a boat ra m p Beautiful - easy term s 
C A P I. E. JO N E S 
923-6211 

ACREAGE TRACT 
N E A R C A N Y O N L A K E 
S U P E R L O W P R IC E 
O W N E R F IN A N C E D 
C A P T A IN E. JO N E S 
923-6211 
B E A U T I F U L M E D I N A R I V E R ­ 
F R O N T lots. Low , low down. F o r details, 
684-4211 o r 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
B E A U T I F U L S IT E on F rio R ice r 
M ust see it lo i ta lly a pp reciate it 22 m ile s N orth of So ph ia! of C o n c a n 
N ic e c ab in , a ir c o n d itio n e d , fire place W h o le p la ce is fe n c e d a n d c u r b e d 
C a r p e t g r a s s o v e r 9tie 
■hole y a r d 
B e a u t ifu l o a k , e lm . edor o nd cottonw ood trees B e a u ­ tiful vie w o v e rlo o k in g F r io R iv e r with w a lkw a y dow n to rive r 
C L A U D E S C H U E H L E R E A L T Y 
I H I H T H S T R E E T 
M O N D O , T X 
78861 
512426 2412 
$12-426 251o 
M E M B E R T F R A 

C A N Y O N L A K E 

M O B IL E LO T 

1o,ooo sa tt. fa ntastic view 
Pool, b o a t r o m p n e a r b v 
$14oo. H O O down, 78 m onths at $21.43 A P R 8 
M E L M IL L E R 
226-2324 

Canyon Lake 
-noterv I o c r e in 
A p p r o x im o le r y I o c r e in S e e m 
Hgts, on sta rtzsville cut ort O w ner will finance or con sid er trode G ood n v t .tm entarea. I 438 Z 1o2. 828 6343 
Cornelius ft Associates 
C A N Y O N L A K E 
Reside n tial 7 o cre boat dock pool, picnic areo. 3o m in fro m town, ail utilities a vaila b le 
227 o227 W A T S O N A SO N 
333 9544 

CANYON LAKE 

Certified a p p ra ise d value N ea r new 3 bedroom , J bath won to w a ll c a r P e l l n y , d r u p e s . fire p lace , new G a ry Aquattrch sw im m in g pool fully equipped, c a b a n a , 3 c o r g a r a g e , 4 tots 
M a n y other feoutres Low to sh p aym ent a n d a ssum e. O w ner 
964 3122. 

C A N Y O N L A K E — B Y O W N E R 
5 o c re s on p ave d road o v e rlo o kin g la ke , n e a r b o a t la u n c h 
L o t s of tree s, w a te r a n d e le c tric ity , w ill d ivide a n d finance, 
494 2/27, 
341-2983 

E X C L U S IV E C A R M E L H IL L S L O T 
C o rp u s C h rsti L a k e la rge im p ro v e d lake lo! an w ater Electricity, pier, boof ro m p o nd concrete re ta in in g wall 
M A V IS 
C A U L E Y 
R E A L T Y 
____________ <512)664-2138 
Horseshoe Boy- lake view , c o rn e r lot, m arin a, airport, gulf course, 

MUSI SEE! 
U P P E R L A K E P L A C ID 
S E G U . N 
M C Q U E E N Y A R E A 
12* Ft beautiful w aterfront 
B ig fam ily hom e a n d o r hom e o nd income. H lqh location m o n y e xtra s 
P riv a te a re o Low $4o S 
736 oo1$, 696 o43/, 699 oo13 
B E U L A H M A K K E L L E R R e alto r 

, 
, RIVER RETREAT 
M I L E * O F G U A D A L U P E R I V E R 
F ish or sw im east of Seguin. Scenic tree shaded, slo pin g w aterfront lot, n ic e m o d e rn I b ecoo m . 1 % b oth h o m e , s c r e e n e d p o r c h , fireplace— M O R E Ail tor J7J.5oU 
„ 5 f « R L o S L A W N E R R E A L T Y 
779 *947 
S E G U IN , T E X 
SOI t. Kingsbury 
PQ, go* 1122 

13563315 

133o7o59 

S o n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y J a n u a r y 9 1 o 7 7 
P a g e 1 1 - C 
EXPRESS-NEWS BOHUS AOS 
2 urns $ V 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... 
W p m 
* 
. 
. 
# 

N O N CAC^ f 
,A U 
2 
2 
5 
- 
I 
B 
6 
6 
/ S S S * 
QUICK RESULTS! 

RESORT PROPERTIES D 
© 

CANYON LAKE 
S ACRE TRACTS 
O N L Y 1 3 TRACTS U T T 

 located in the Steelville 
Area. Near Comal Pork. Some with lake views and creek front, many large oaks, as low os SI 8oo per ocre. Up to 
15 years to pay at 8%. Coll anytime. 

4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 o r 
1 - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

BEAUTIFUL 3 Bedroom, Th both rock horn#, cathedral ceilinged hy­ ing room with o huge fireplace Cen­ tral air heat, covered patio, dbl 
O with loll of storage spate ful shady lot with access to 
Guadalupe River Only $47,5oo 
BEAUTIFUL Riverfront lot in Chapor ral Country Club area, trees, paved street Only S9.2Vo 

G o o d S e le c tio n o f 
O th e r P ro p e rtie s 
C. H. WAHL 
1-379-5693, 1-379-571o 
771 W. Court St., Seguin, Ie *. 
Cene Trost 1-557-5o54 
Earl or Mary Welch 
655-218o 

M E D IN A LA K E A R E A 

 lorge older home in lake Hills, Tx. 
3 -2 V?- 2, plus 4 room guest cottage and 2 bedroom mobile home. 
Storage shed and boot shed, approx 
2 S otres of well landscaped and fenced lot Coll niter 656 8218 

6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

11 l u r t o i l s o u t h w e s t r e a l t y _ 

RIVER ROOS 
Near Sequin electricity camping troller, concrete dock, pecan 
Clean quiet area. neaoiiabie 
IJJ o227 WATSON & SON 333-o544 
TAKE UP PAYMENTS 
3 acres. 6 ml NE of Canyon Lake in h ill country. HuHdlnq or huntlnq privelcoes SSoo cosh plus Sit.o4 monthly. 43? o26o after 6 
WANT COASTAL PROPERTY 
Aransas Pass or Port Aransas area 
DOUGLAS ANDERSON 
Ro3 Gardiner 
737 1362 
W ILLING TO TRADE OR SELL 
:L ak et ro u t C a b in on L a ke TA redith Loaf ted 2o min. trom Border and IO nun. trom A m a rillo Beau titul unobstructed view located in 
I ake Meredith Harper on t lots 
I ullv furnished, fir* plot e O w riti has moved to San A ntonio Would like lo trode tor sim ila r pro p e rty a ro u n d San A n to n io or A u s tin valued at J7S.ooo Coll St? 673 4678 
Mon Thur s Days 

23o LOTS 
149 ACRES planted in butfc-l grass and coastal bermuda. Beautiful oak trees, no cedar Gorgeous settlnq tor the country home just outside the City Ideal for horse form ooer otlon 34 2 32M AN YTIM E 

194 Acres w elt w in d m ill b o rn hunting cabin, blinds WSO ocre. Jim 
Ashley Real Estate 6o4 4?/6 
BY OWNER 
Jeff Area Cot toned for duplex or single residence blocks alt schools 
Or. Brennan 
224 7237 

INSPIRATION HILIS ideal lot tor your home H.gli on a hill with a beautiful view of tho cliv f o r d e ta ils and v ie w in g , ca l 
. 42 a tis a n y t im e 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
LOT FOR SALE 
• A cre one blk fro m S outhside 
Centena st.son si? rte? 

 c 6 t s , B u ild e r s Spar io i,' ne'w deve lopm ent near new M adison 
School. N t 824 45o/ 

Priced tor Quick Sole Bv Owner 
Lot too»?13 OI 22o8 Sieves, roiled reside ntial or duplex, cash p ric e 
5/ooo Corner lot 1o6x2oo al Green 
Glen and P urple Sage, (near UT 
SAI. tdsh price 57ooo 
22/ 62/1 ft/4 13o3. 
1632 W Houston, tOOx IJS t i t 
Picktord- corner 
M em orial. 
So« I SO 
ISI Alicia St 
SOX 12S 
SOO San Felipe, corner. /S xlJI 
142S Barney St., 1oox114 
Ben Friedm an 73? BOIB 

232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 
31oo Ac Coleman Co , Good co Ar fie ld e m iles ot C o lo ra d o W iver tronloae Cattle oi Sheep Ranch 
Plenty ot game Part m inerals con skyed 6 note con tx assumed 
S?/5 per o c re . T e rm s 
B A T T S 
REAL ESTATE, I 916 3*5 3379 Day or Night Gene Keel t 915 365 3SoS 
Days 
______ 

57 AC HAYES COUNTY 
On T M ISO. big oaks, owner car 
828-o66S 
736-1766 
734 4117 
WATSON 6 SON REALTORS 
IU ACRE FARM with heinie L n o ll down with Veteran financing $7oo per acre Call Tex M oi Reoitv. S A 
?.’4 oo81, nights 633 28o1.......... 
4,1 acre live oak h ills jo in s hug in ch, deer tu rke y DVS per acre 
Liberal term s l evo ?44o 
464 ACRE 
R A N d H , n e a r R io 
Medmo Beautiful ro llin g hills, ex c e lle n l ro n c h io n d ond e x ce lle n t hunting ISHO per ocre 53**711 
IOO 13S ACRES B A N D E R A good location Qood hunting Owner tin anced SIMMONS REAL ESTATE 
Poteet. 
1 742-3368. 
I rev ness 
342-4o53 
_ _ ______________ __ 

3o.55 ACRES 
Bonder a County located lust off 
Hwy 
16 near Pipe C reek 
Good w eekend co n c re te block hom e 
Centro! heat ana on I rook ha Mkt p lo ts Good well Stock tank. ire and some held land Call us today 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clin Lewis. Realtor 
Boerne 26» 2o6t 
SA 224 7171 
3oo ACRES B A N D E R A COUNTY 
RANCH Level I lo llin g w ith I oak covered te rra in , pe rm a n e n t toke stocked with fish, 7 small sloe ► tanks ond creek Excellent hunting ideal place tor runolng a few head ut cattle or entovtng lite Shown bv a p p o in tm e n t O w ner fin a n c in g e n 7 tii Of I rte 3/>7_____________ 
'.o ACRES Beautiful ugfcs de* r ana lu r key 
5 m iles south of M edina ta ke SISCO per acre I STV ?Q/5 

FARMS-RANCKIS c 
FAPMS-t AMCHtS D 
© 
C 
FARMS-tANCHCS c 

THE LAS VEGAS RANCH 
2339 acres of Southwest Texas' finest producing cattle and app fond. 
Prime hey production with outstanding grass grating. On the Rio 
Grande with Canyon Grande ond Quemado creeks running through the property. Raporion rights. 5 strand fencing. Three houses. Approx. 
9oo heod cattie. 2-15 tower Vaimoent sprinkler systems. Farm equip­ ment and parts. Full shop, hay barns, corrals. Concrete ditches, and dams. 5-high volume pumps, located at Quemado between Eagle Bass and Dei Ria on Texas State Highway 277. Qualified purchasers only please. For full information contact; 
G ene Roth, M g r. 
T R U S T R E A L E S T A T E 
S t a t e N a t io n a l B a n k 
El Paso, Texas 7 9 9 o 1 
P h o n e -9 1 5 -5 3 2 -9 9 2 2 

FARMS-* ANGAS 3 
© 

TAKE YOUR PICK 
ATASCOSA COUNTY 

VALUE BUYS 

•6- 4o2 AGUS highly improved ir­ rigated molting ranch. NE Wdson 
Co 325 Does Coostol Bermudn, JO acres in field. IO pastures. 18oo 
GPM irrigation well ond equipment 
Excellent equipped working pens large boy burn, modem bunkhouse 
12oo or more row unit, just $675 per ocre or firm offer 

 th 37o ACRES fertile heavy black land NE of Seguin, poved rood, water line, 24o ocres in field 13o ones in native grass, mesquite ond, live oak pastille land 2 tonics, dove, quail, some deer 
Old im provements, good buy $69o per ocre. 

★ IOO ACRES, natural wooded, scenic hill and volley, small field, prime deer oreo, sandy loom soil, poved rood, east of Seguin. Only 
$575 per acre 

♦ 86 ACRE stock ranch east of 
Seguin, off Hwy 9o, IH IO frontage for exposure Mostly open native gross posture or field. Some scat­ tered coastal bermuda ond trees, 2 good tonks, water line New 3ox4o utility and 2-cor garage building 
Steel Pipe pens, nice all electra 3 bedroom home More, only $1,o35 per aero 

* 63 ACRES stock ranch West of 
Seguin neor IH IO, rolling terrain ond creek valley Scattered trees, fertile block soil, 4o acres good 
Coostol Bermuda — rest level field or notive grass open posture. Hay boras, 3 ranks, dove, quoit, some deer. Only SI25o per ocre. Owner terms. 

 a 41 ACRES, all level field Ron chette, east of Seguin on Hwy. 98, ideo! breeding or showpiece poten tial, good well, lorge old born, tile dairy born. 194o vintage 3 or bedroom good borne See ct $2,65o per ocre 

♦ 2o 
ACRES 
Unimproved ran chette, near Seguin, mixed roes quite soil, some field or light brush, except along creek, water line, lust 
$7oo per ocre 

♦ 21 ACRES, oil level crop field, block loom soil, north of Seguin, poved rood, shallow woter, good rn vestment or homesite Only $1ooo per ocre. 

* 2o ACRES unimproved ronchette south of Seguin on Hwy 123, good deer oreo, oil wooded, electricity ovoil Sandy loom soil Ideal retreat or retirement Only $6oo per otre 

Hr IO ACRES mostly wooded ton chette, 
St of 
Seguin, fenced, orchard, garden, out buildings, deer Modem 14x72 mobile home 
3-2. All appliances, drapes, central heotoir MORE All $21,ooo 

Member TWA Inc. 

See us for other listings 

All sizes ond types 

Let s Talk It Over! 

CARLOS BRAWNER REALTY 
379-5947 
Sequin, Texas 

SOI I. Kingsbury R O. Box 1122 

141 ACRES, 12 miles north of 
Sabinal. Beautiful hills and valleys. 
Excellent hunting. 
3oo ACRE FARM, 8 miles north of 
Knippa Good house, many other improvements. Excellent irrigation potential. 
52o ACRE FARM, 4 miles northwest of 
Sobinol. 
Excellent irrigation potential. 
4,155 ACRE RANCH, 12 miles north of Sabinal, fenced in 6 postures, 4 wells, I Vt miles of 
Sobinol River. Best of deer ond turkey hunting, ideal for exotic game ranch. 
673 ACRI RANCH, 14 miles north of Hondo. Very good hunting. Nice house, air conditioned and heated. 
162 ACRES, 5 miles Northwest of 
D Hams. 74 ocres oil field with stock tank, In Ouihi 
86 ACRES, 9 miles Southwest of 
Castroville. 2 tanks, mobile home, good fences, coostol and Mein gross. 
464 ACRES, 7 miles Southwest of 
Hondo 
Very good fences, qood tank, I well with windmill, goon cor­ ral, hest of hunting for deer, turkey, dove and quail 
196 ACRES, 4 miles Northwest of 
Castroville, I well ond strong spring. 
Good hunting 
152 ACRE FARM, S milos west of 
Hondo, older house, good wells ond fences. 
23 ACRES WITH OLDER HOUSE, IS ocres in coastal, I well, city woter, highway frontage on Stole Hwy. 
I S3. 2 miles Nortnenst of Hondo 
NICE HOUSE ON I ACRE with good well In Dunlay 
CLAUD! SCHUIHU BIAITY 
I H I I TTH STOUT 
HONDO, TX. 
78861 
512-426-2413 513-436 231o 
MIMM* URA 

HILL COUNTRY SPECIAL 
1,ooo acres. 45 minutes North of 
S.A. Panoram ic view, sm all lakes, plentiful nome, flow ing creek and seclusion. Owner must sell bv Feb. 
28 Priced at 4475 per ocre, w ith good terms. INQUIRE NO W L o rry 
Mocune. 494-5239 or 344 5761, lilies. 

GALE REAL ESTATE 
Hunting Country-1oo ACRES 
5149.5o per or re. owner financed tor 
?o years. 7't simple Interest with 
5 'o down payment. Call 734-7964 

75 ACRES 
With a beautiful budding sit* high on o hill. Over I -JVS in coastal, stock rank, good fences Only $691) per g< Owner financed with good terms 
47.6 ACRES 
Wilson Co Mostly open sandy loom field with some live oak ana other trees Some coastal, woter well with windmill ond electoral pump. fen red (new lent* on 2 sides) Only 
$725 pet ac 
143 ACRES 
Goltod Co, about 75 acres in dark loam field, tenant house, water well, good fences, paved rood Only 
$325 per ac. 
2oo ACRE STOCK FARM 
Approx 12o acres in good river bot­ tom field, lh* test in beautiful live oak trees Water well, barn, im plement shed, cabin 
Access to 
Guadalupe River Only $85o per OC 

2oo ACRES 
Of good ronchiond, approx 3o acres has good stood of coastal lorge stock tank with fish On* producing ad weN (I 32 royahy goes with the sell) Good doer (ranting, only $535 per OC Owner financed 

G O O D S f lf C r iO N O f 
OTHER PROPERTIES 
CH. WAHL 
1-379-5693, 1-379-571o 
771 W. Court St, Seguin, lex. 
Gen* frost I 557-5o54 
Earl or Mary Welch 655-218o 

REAL COUNTY 

L E A K E Y -V A N D E R P O O L 

A R E A 

 irenic 4oo ocres in West Sabinal 
River 
Salley 
Gorgeous con­ temporary home with guest house. 
Also, 2 bedroom rustic hunting lodge with fireplace. Mony im provements. Breathtaking view 2 miles of cool, spangled streoms 
Abundant deer and turkey. Approx 
I SO ocres in open meodows. Owner will Corry (oil or write for brochure 

CAIL 494-5227 
Armstrong Co. 

INVEST INLAND! 
Buy a Dart Interest in 442 acres 
Como! Co. lust 13 mites N. of city 
Income from g ra tin g and hunting. 
High oak covered land an paved rood between 
2 subdivisions. 
Priced below m arket w ith investors' term s owner 
WH MAYER R E ALTY 494-3644 

ATA* 
4o6 ACRE RANCH, paved access, 
I 2oo acres cultivatable, balance In brush 
2363 ACRES of p a rtia lly Improved ro o e h io n d , good access ond im provements, Artesian well 
BEXAR COUNTY 
72 ACRES inside FM 16o4, north of 
Thousand 
Oaks on 
Jones 
Maltsberqer 
112 ACRES, gently slopping fertile land with I houses 
BLANCO COUNTY 
1o74 ACRES, ty p ic a l h ill co u n try w ith homes, shed, pens 
WILSON COUNTY 
A P P R O X . 
2o ACRES of fe rtile sandy loam, old house, ? hand dug wells, creek, fa rm road frontage 
J M C U LLINAN, REALTOR 
512 344-2341 

BOB JONES. REALTORS 

Tan Fran land Exclianges 
CAN ALSO be bought rftfht 
•2o3 R iver fro n t ocres S of Luling with huge pecon trees. Building site 
Only MOO. per ocre 
• 1o7 Acres at Lu lin g on US Hwy. 
183, Livestock show place or ripe for development 
•452 Acres conal Irrigated hay form 
In M averick Co. A money m aker at 
51,ooo per acre 
•34 Acres frontage IM IO acc ess road lo 
Guadalupe 
Co. 
149,ooo or exchange. 
•64oo A cres N o rth of Big Bend, wells, pipelines, gross, game. 55o per acre 
• 271 A cres c ro p la n d , neo r New 
B ra u n fe ls , good h ou se, w a te r, priced tor action 
Send tor FREE ntorm ation on how you'll be taxed when you sell or exchange Real Estate 
D EVA U LT & ASSOC. 
512-349 2677 
84 N E LOOP 41o 
SAN AANTONIO, T t XAS 7%>)(, 

IRRIGATED PASTURE UNO 
SOO ocres of productive soil, w ith flowing creeks, large peanut allot ment, im proved grasses, minerals, all sublect to Irriga tion 6o minute 
So. of S A owner w ill finance, lr quire now EXCLUSIVE 
GALE REAL ESTATE 
144-5239 or 
344 5/61 nites 

WHY LEASE? 
Buy this 7o acres with large ooks, view, hunting, or homesite. In Bion to County. I m ile oft 781. O wner financed. Needs to sell! 
DORIS HUNSICKER 344-9936 

KARNES COUNTY 
5? Acres, woter well, cross fenced, im proved grass. Good weekender lo ca tio n . 5J2,5oo. Con R andy a t 
Vestlona. (St?) 854 1o15________ 

LAKE FRONTAGE 
ISO acres w ith 2,ooo ft. ot Canyon 
Lake access. P lctu resd ue view s. 
'anding strip, large oak trees, are lu s t p a rt ot th is v e ry u n iq u e p ro p e rty 
P ric e d ta r b elow ap p ra ise d v a lu e T erm s. 494-5239, totes 344 5761 

GALE REAL ESTATE 
L A SA LLE C O U N TY , E n iov the king ot sports on your 15oo acres of wild gome. Russian Hogs, ond big bucks. Ducks an geese abound on the 3 acre lake Abundant buffle grass aw aits your hun gry cattle. 
Productive soil Easy term s. 5295 per ocre (Another 9ooo ocres may be available) Ask for Cd. 5UNCO 
REALTY (512) 643 3921, Portland, 
TX. 
■ ■ 

WILSON COUNTY 
Fobutous IOO 
Owner Financed 
IOO acre P rim e Coastal Potential 
J 22oo ti air strip. Beautiful bldg site, wells, pons, irrig a tio n equipm ent 
Over 2ooo ti on San Antonio, R iver 
Mony lorge Pecan trees. Owner w ill 
I finance. 
OWNER FINANCED 
112 ACRES l l Acres cultivated Some Coastal 
Good barn, pens, equipment shed slock lank, well with w indm ill. 
MCELROY R E ALTY 
F lo re s v ille , Tx. 78114 1-393-655o; 
S A 222-921o. 

3 LO VELY HOMES on 45 Acres, bio lake. bom and pen 5135,ooo 
PIPE CREEK R E ALTY 
695 3242 

2 4 A C R E S -IH 3 5 

Just south of HIW BRAUNFELS, 
Vt mile off IH 35. Rolling tend, trees, ond view. 
GOOD 
IN­ 
VESTMENT or homesite; possible commercial 
Septic, 
3 water mom, utilities. $49,ooo 

6 9 o - 9 8 o 2 . 

( G R E A T m 
^ A M 
E R I C A 

8 ACRES with good creek ond big trees, nothing down. 
PIPE CREEK R E ALTY 
695-3242 

M E D IN A C O U N T Y I OOO a c re w orking ranch. Over 4oo acres lr ligated. Several sections w ith Im proved grasses 8 large stock tanks, plus running creeks. I cribs 227-1333 
Dearie Owens 
Realtors Farm & Ranch 

WORKING RANCH 
W ill sell all or part 1ooo acres sQodv loam ond blacklan d tao acres ir ­ rig a te d 
A P P R O X 6oo a c re s in 
C o a sta l B e rm u d a 
A p p ro * 
2oo ocres Peanut allotm ent 5 houses 
65oo sa ti m odern d a iry barn. 16 
Inch Irrig a tio n w ell 66oo It riv e r fro n ta g e 
Tanks w ith fish M ony other Improvements including 4.ooo 
Sa ti. ranch house 25 m iles from 
SA, mile from town Terms, owner ca rry 349 65o3, 494 2o4o 

Marilla Worley Realtors 
YORKTOWN AREA 6o Arras. 15 in oaks and m esquite, 45 In coastal b e rm u d a 
L a rg e fis h in g p on d, slocked. R o llin g c o u n try , paved rood. C all Joe N u in e ;. 564 2221 
FARR R E ALTY 

/co mm ercia 

POPULAR 

[COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SAU 

LOUNGE OWNER 
GOING 
Into bigger operation Business very good Buy with no delay 
WATSON & SON REALTORS 
736 1766 
828 o664 
432 o6o6 
PR IM E 21 A tR E S in tro n s p o rto bon small business industrial com pie* of ft. San Antonio, inside Loop 
JIO, oil utilities available, cleared and reodv to develop into industrial, warehouse, m ulti fam ily 
J M. CU LLINAN. REALTOR 
344 2341 

BOB JONES .REALTORS 
PURCHASING YOUR OWN BUSI 
NESS Location? Ask for details on well m aintained 2 bath home, zoned. close rn. A GOOD INVESTMENT 
824 45o7 
REQUA REALTY CD 
Sell and lease bock UoS Roosevelt 
Ave mosonorv building. Corner lot. 
15o*1oo. Well established business 
W ill sell for 527,5oo CASH ond lease bock at SIDO mo. for 5 veor loose. 
Taxes ana 
Insurance very low. 
533-581o 
SOUTHWEST M ILIT A R Y OR 
3 blks. east of IM 25 In la rg e s t 
Southside shopping center 
All or port Over 42,ooo sa ft. OI land Ideol for business or o ffic e 9?? 6383, 
735 4o39, 923 8693. M ike Austin 

TRACKAGE BARGAIN 
28 Acre. 6 m in. fro m dow ntow n. 
SPRR Mainline. 4 way access to IM 
35. 54.ooo per a crc 726 42o5 or your broker. 
35 UNIT M OTEL In oil boom to rii to ry . R u n n in g n e a rly IOO",, OC 
Cuponcv 227 1333 
Dearie Owens 
Realtors Form & Semen 
155*1/o Corner. On McCullough 
828-4545 PR IAKOS R E A LT Y 24 hrs 
ZONE L CO MMERCIAL 
2 8o Acres on W W. While Rd 
533 1oo9 
Respondek R lty 656-5667 

 e 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY] 
(LEASE) 

N O W LEASING 

NORTHSIDf OFFICES, 
WAREHOUSE, 
AND INDUSTRIAL SPACE. 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

6 9 o - o 3 o o 

GREAT A M E R IC A 
C O M fW N IE f» 

 c 

REAL ESTATE SELL OR 
EXCHANGE 

HAVE CASH BUYERS fo r o ld e r hom es, o p ts., needing repairs, John B, Eccell. Broker, 6o8 
Gunter Bldg 
226 7o31 824 8o23. w ili'tro d * TY unit S A MOTEL PHK office HMM tor lend 674-5777. 

254 REAL ESTATE WANTED 

 v y x s H r e r T r r u t o T A ^ ^ 
Individual 654-o321 
W ANTED 8 Uni) or la rg e r apar)' ment in good condition, bv private buyer. 654-o231. 

R E N T A L S 

( tr»»TMiwis—lur* 
DGZ) 

( apartments UHFURNj f i S ) 

256-REAL ESTATE LOANS 

 mT k iI v t - t s m 
"PT^JrsM lens* 
Well secured Mav 8 yrs Buy notes lev, than 8”s with discount. 
A V. R odrlguei-B rpker 222-o98o 

3o1-MOBILE HOMES SALE 

Bachlorette Pod 
Leon Springs Mobile Villa. Tremen dons entertaining, big shady oaks with o super sexy bedroom suite A b a rg a in any w a y you sea it ot 
SU 9oo 341 2222 Anytime. 
Century 21 
PAY U A L , WL AL TORS ii*6 4 ? Bedroom, r"; bath, partly furnished, adult section. Consider tiavel tra ile r. 33/ 4195 

3o2 MOBILE HOMES RENT 

2 BEDROOM FURN. 
M OBILE HOMES 
A ir conditioner w ater paid, p la y­ ground, centrally located ta LACK l a n d ond 
K I L L Y 
C o n ta c t 
924 8/59. 924-48o1_________________ 
I bedroom W aller llam a, unturn neor IITSA and USAA ond hnso! tats 515o mo. Call a tte r tom on weekdays. OII any Sun 698 2534. 
Neor Lackland Double wide. 24x55. 
3 bedrooms, den, dining room. Pull carpet. No potv 525o mo. Bills od. 
51oo d e p o s it 
25o2 O b s e rv a tio n 
Drive. 674 7518i 696-35o7 

C APARTMENTS—TURN ) (So?) 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

S O u m K p H s v iiL A 
O C 1 AWAIT! MC NTE I - " 
* 

6 * 

236 
SALE 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

MILES OE VIEW 
Near Seguin, 57 acres 7o , In good 
Coostol Bermuda, balance In beau titul forest High tran quility foetor. vet lu st off m o ln h ig h w a y. New fencing, lots of deer and other game with plenty of under ground water avowable 58oo per acre 
Orem Campbell Realty 
379-9521 
SA 658-5131 
379-3274, 379-2271, 379-2634 

ACCESS CORNER 
[Unique home on corner IM 35 or 
I toss 
Good exposure tor gifts, obliques 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 

Office — 
Yard 

A i r p o r t A r e a 
2 Blocks from loop 41o 

For lin t — TSO iq It. office space 
— central alt ond heat 15,ooo cg fl. of yotd upper I' cyclone fence 
Zoned I industrial Suitable for ton trotter, wholesale, light manufoc luring 
$ 2 5 o M onth 

8 2 2 - 9 3 6 8 

• Mixed Dunk Club 
I anilide 
• Gym ond Ire* Exercise 
(loss#) 
• (brawly Shop 
• Sauna Rhirlpnol 
• tennn (ourtt J pooh 
• (rod tree iFtitgkrolon 
• IO Minuter lo 
Downtown 

4o32 I. Southiross 
3 3 7 -5 2 4 2 

A P P R O X IM A T E L Y 3,ooo souo re feet. oftlr.os, warehouse, ond yard space. HOS Pleasanton Road. 525o 
144 o246 or 34? oo81 

• UNDA APTS. * 

2 3 3 H O W A R D 

I blk 
M e tro p o lita n 
H o t 

 p ito l, M e d ic o ! P ro fe ssio na l 
B ld g , B ap tist H o s p ita l a n d 
M a in 
B onk, e ffic ie n c y 
I 

 a n d 2 b e lli n o m o p ts S ta rt 

 m g o f $ 1 / S 
A d u lts 
N o 

 puts 
2 2 6 - 8 4 9 2 

MONARCH 

ASSUME PAYMENTS-4o ACRES 
Roach NW St Johns, A ru . Only 
Poy 2 bock payments of 51o9 
Toke over 511.28? Botonee due 
Coil Bob collect 6o2 947 8o11 
ASSUME PAYM ENTS ■ 4o ACRES 
Ranch NW St Johns, A ri/. Only 
Poy 2 bark payments ot Sto9 
I uke over St 1,28? Balance due to il Bob collect 6o2 94/ 8o) I 
ATASCOSA COUNTY, 8oo acre*, ot big trees, productive soil and excel lent hunting 45 miles from San An tonio 545o per acre. pay Interest only 4 years. Excellent terms. Ask tor I d 
SU NCO R E A L T Y ($12) 
643 3921. Portland, Tx 
ATTENTION V E U PANS 
NC. odlocent to Randolph AFB 
3 approx, '2 Ocre tracts 
22/ o22/ WATSON A SON 628 1262 

OF ALL YOU SURVEY! 
This beautiful CUT STONE home give s you o R O YA L O U TLO O K when you stand on Its terrace with the C O U N TR Y S ID E la id out tor m iles to oh Its SPLEN DO R 
The 
SW IM M ING POOL blasted out of 
S O L D ROCK 
SPACIOUS room s 
G re a t F IR E P L A C E S W ealth of 
SPANISH T IL E 
B e autifu l beths. 
P E R F E C T HOME fo r e n te rta in mg any num ber con ploy Boerne 
School D istrict. A fo re BARG AIN tor the price 

HOUSTON RANCH REALTY 
P O. Box 58o Boerne, Texas 78oo6 
Edwin Houston, Jr M S. Houston 
Area Code 512 249-2116 or 517-46o7 
NEAR STO C KD A LE, 48 6 Acres 
585o Per Acre 684 «29Q 

ATTENTION VETS 
We have several Texas Vets tracts to r q u a lifie d V e ts w ho h a ve received their application 

Land Locators of Texas 
S A, 66/ ' 154, 66/ 1333 
BANDERA COUNTY-24 ACRES 
Upper Sabinal Canyon Live W ater 
J K. LEIGHTON. REALTORS 
Vumterpool. Tx i n tee34oo 

;ew 
B ra u n fe ls H ill 
C o u n try 
Property Settee! & Assoc. Realty 
64/ S Seguin. N Braunfels 625 8o78 
[Only 45 miles from 41o Raved road 
I JO a c re s 
C h a rm in g v o lle y s I 
Whiling to sell 5o acre trocts. 6 tanks stocked with fish Hoy sheds Utih ties available Mostly Coastal. Some meld Only 5525 55/5 per acre. 
Kor/fikWa Ready 349 3 J 5 i 

BIG DEER 
-to o te r* P a ra d is e 
164 A c re s 
(AcMullen County In area Of big on he*. C oil RE ALTO R 349 1121 toes 695 3196 

Arthur E, DIAM 
3LANCO, TEXAS 8o acre p la te iud 146 orre place S //‘ per ocre 
Also 5o/ o< re ram h * ilh live creek, 
Jammed with lakes 5725 per acre 
M2 45j IO*! 
F777 

32o Acres M enard Co . E xce lle n t w o rk in g or g a m * ra n c h 
S m oli fro n ta g e on San Sabo R iv e r 
'» 
M in e ra ls 5145 per a cre 
T erm s 
B A T T S 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
I 9)5 465 3379 Day or N ight Gene 
Keel, I 915 445 45o5 Days 
____ 

 t w a ti 
177’ : ac res 
■r wells, hunt 565.OOO Ter 
Mrs Pet el 294 6o45. Freer 
BY O W N E R : 17 c u r * m o d e rn nett style hom e, o u tb u ild in g s need cross tented, good water stock tanks 1/ m iles SW Beeville 
5/6,ooo 
T E 
Mmson. 
512 54/ 4551 

• 2ob ACRES • c.oo*ta* BvFtnudo Ona pwjodI allot* rn#*fit in Wilson County Farm home 
Ona ruontna c f a tli > C oll AA liH dfi fcQlifcki 82i o99^. 
RANCH MARKET 
6$V4286. ?26 5184 r n a c r e s F a r m la n d 
7oacre toke. I / ml to Austin 12 m l to IH 35 F uture bound. 5/5o Dei acre. teems, 
CaHoway Crews, Broker t ?6l 9WI Kyle Tx 7864o 
7 5 A C R E S , 54995 
F in a n c in g 
Available By Owner ( t c r»f/6 
214 peres toe sale 6 Horns. Texos 
5443 an acre Owner tm one mg Ex cedent h u n tin g B efore sgm c o il 
5 1 2 444 791 1 i aller 
5om c o il 
512-441-7168. Austin__________ _ __ 
2o 6* ocres, H ill C o u n try. 641 ll 
Little Blanco Rivet Fenced, many out btogs, liveable farmhouse- good soil gross. Branco or Comal schools 
Deer Equity assume Only 544,oo6 
83J 4455 Blanco 
23 ACHeS HILL COUNTRY 
Good hunting coun try, 557o down paym ent, 588 79 per m onth Fin anted bv owner Col' / I t /V6J 
"lo ACRES HILL COUNTY 
M o n y dee r tu rk e y . 599o dow n paym ent, 5154 4J per mo Owner tingnceC) Coll 734 9361 
4oo A c re s K e n d o ll Co. 
On west side of IM IO north, oppro* 
I nu N W pl Boerne 
B cO utitul seem* view s W ater w e ll, m any lite s . Sell Oil or ’ ) P rice d right, 
Terms For inform ation, coll 

Waller P. Sdtulze HBaltv 
34J 49/1 
65 4 2 2 5 4 
54 2 7 1 44 

7o ACRES - 5 M ILE S NO RTH of 
New Braunfels Hos good home and fenced Owner w ill finance 
684 4211 or 751 9V41 
_______ PIONEER R E ALTY i/5o Acres'."!',' miles out of Uvalde 
I ; miles rive rfro n t 
By owner 

 l l ACRES neor Nixon, mins large ra n c h w ith g re a t h u n tin g , good m ineral oreo good road iro n ! and trees Price only 145o per orre , with 
25 „ down, bal In IO w a ry at 8 %. 
C ol WOLF 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
I 544 2451 or I 564 2452 
_________ 
IOO ACRE 5,”hear Pleasanton 555.1 
- fin a n cin g 
A 224 oo81 
1759 
( an Tex Mar Realty. nights Pleasanton I 56 
19} ACRES POTEE T home. fo rm equip . good peanut in co m e , good h u n tin g 
O w n e r fin a n c e d k lM M O N i 8 I I6 L { ( . 
TATE Poteet, I 7 4 2 4 468 . 44 2 4 9 5 3 

16 ACRES 
S e ll A ll o r P a rt 
Good well. V ? Cleft I of i i »nl. ItVkf ot IC el lo "w a inn b o ta *** I 
1o/ 
ACRES, sell 
661 517o ________ two trucks 

IOO A c re s 
South B e xar County sandy rn quite land W oter well, shed, c pens. Secluded 566o per acre C 
I Cr GOCO. 826 56t| or 217 81o5 

LD. GOZA 
_ R E A L T O R *227-11o5 

IT I KAST TO Pl Act A 
IXPOtSS NfWS 
WANT AO m - l * o * 

591 ACU t i . 2 water wells 2 ton**, hay sheds small house, some cous lot and k iln * grass On blacktop 
M od torm lond 
25o ACRES, 4o in coostol. botone,I cultivation, good blackland too ACRES. some coastal, som i c u ltiv a tio n , some no tive pasture 
House ai d water well On blacktop 
146 ACRES, waler well, lank, tarp; oak trees, fronts county road Goad land 

Dick Young Real Estate 
Karnes c ity . Texas 
I IM 26oo _________ rte 139/ 
At ACRES Witt 
Cat1 io81 

Br , near Poteet on Hwy 6 528 (JCO 
Tex M ac R e a lty . S A 
224 nights Pleasanton I S69 3/S9 

CHERRY CREEK RANCH ver 66o acres of gen tly ro llin g amal County H ill Country Only TO n n u te s n o rth of Loop 4)o w ith ruior highw ay access B e autifu l 
7 6(1 sa ft ra n ch house 
F o rm a n om e, b a rn s, sheds, fenced and rosy fenced. Reasonably Drier 
Uh attractive term s 
I M CULLINAN. REALTOR 
42o JACKSON K E L L E R . 78214 
SU 344 2341 
C H W AH I REALTY 
Good selection Form s Ranches 
1-479 4494 I 479 571o 
Seguin, Tx 
C H WAHL RE ALTY 
Good veiochon Farm s Ranches 
I 479 5493 1-479-5/tO 
5 egg to, Tx 
EDWARDS RANCH R E ALTY 
Buy your land from th* natives 
PIPE CREEK, TX 695 448o 
Form end Ranch Listings Wonted 
o Acres or larger within 65 m il ion A ntonio Verite full cMnrts Ofttf 

E D GOZA, REALTOR 
618 M cC ullough Ave , bon A nto i 
. 2?/ 81o6 8. 2 63oo 626 5618 

$35o.oo PER ACRE 
56 o c re tra c t L e a ke y A re a 
Heavily wooded Good hunting 525o dow n 51o9 82 m o n th ly 
E m o ry 
Jones 734 462T 
Perfect spot for country home 6o ocres oh hill on hwy only JO miles 
South of S A No improvements. All brush trees Good soil, woter, m in erals 
Low taxes 
555o per acre. 
I 1612 64 3 6519 
- r, 
►r o p e R TY EXCHANGES 
REGIONAL AND NATIONWIDE 
OE VAULT A ASSOC 349-1*77 
— RANCH LANOS— 
Land For All Purposes 
7 Flintstane 71214 
444 9*46 

RANCH LISTINGS 
We need ranch and fo rm lik in g s within 15o mi of San Antonio Coll 
A N Mar roo. 494 3419. 34? 218o Or rite 16oo1 San P e d ro , S A 
Ti 
78216 HBC Real Estate 
R E TIR EM EN T RETREAT i i J acres w ith 2 bedroom home near I w e e v il!* 5 outbuildings, call for details 
BRIGHAM R E ALTY 673 14o1 

1% ACRE 
Neor w indsor M all Ona IH TS. Small house ond two apartments. Con be 
•e/on ed Coll for detolls. 827 1552. 
I Anytime 

NORTHEAST REALTY 
IS A c r e s 
3 m ile s a u l of C ity 
L im its , on l i t S outh. U tilitie s available We finance Easy term s. 
924 6666, 624-1932 AO Ofter 6. , l l ' * ACRES OF PR IM E COMMER 
CIAL PROPERTY on Hwy 87 in the 
H E AR T OF BO ERNE 
C all for 
Details on other properties 
249-3545 or 249-2478 
I 242 S M AIN 
BOERNE. 
TEX. 
R .M . George Reoitv 
T i AC R E S 
R a ilro a d fro n ta g e . 
Close rn, 3 m i out of C ity L im its. 
W ill sell all or p a rt No restrictions 
Good location IH 37 So. and Donop 
Rd 
W ill fin a n c e , co s y te rm s . 
924 6664, 423 1932_______ 

BANDERA ROAD 
2oo It, fron tage , opprox 
2 acres, priced right tor development 
494 5281 
494 2o44 
H ILL COUNTRY REALTORS 
HIG BRICK 
| T 4 2, office A ll paneled T e rra in floor On fantast!? corner Outside 
NE 41o Big lot Great home office 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 
BUSINESS lot on West Ave near 
Dresden, B 2. 9oc sa ft 
744 5444 C P KOSUB 442 o343 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES 
Assorted Acreage and lots From 
$ W 
M ilita ry D r to S. F lo re s • 
C o m m ercial St. • P leasanton Rd. 
You hove a wide variety to choose from . For your need*, please call 
924-7311 
Beanie Owens Co 
45o VW M ilitary Dr 
REALTORS MLS_______ 
COMMERCIAL CORNER 
• General Mc Mullen Dr. • 
Between Joske’s and Gulf M ort For 
[q u ic k sole p ric e d o f 525 OOO. 
824 12o7 or 826 244/ 
Thelma B. Preissman 

DIMMIT COUNTY 
| 5oo Ar res potential developm ent 
F or inform ation COH 
COOK* R E ALTY 
512 924 2712 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
AND OFFICE SPACE 
All sites to meet ony need All areas of S A E rnest Sable C o m m ercial 
Pion 449 443* 
Body Shop tor rent S275 mo Reply to 7o1 N. Iowa. Weslasco, Tx. 78496, 
I 968 9?98 business, good fo r lounge, body shop, etc. Rent or lease $25o mo 
Corner S. Flores By appointm ent only 534 4116 
C o m m e rcia l b ld g ” designed and furnished tor dance studio, oppro*. 
J OOO so. ft. Reception onto 
Call 
82? 9515. 

Agape Apis, near IH .15 on bu* line 
S9o month, water paid. SJ3 t 
On Adults 434 4477, 
Alamo Hgts large elflc.. ilS ti mo bills pd 611 Ogden Lone 7)5 6361 

 a I l LO C A T IO N S • I 
J 
3 be to porns. Reasonable 441-4114. ond 2 Bedroom s, (u rn ., unfurls b ills pd d is h w a s h e r, s e c u rity guard, MARIGOLD Apt 444 948o 

CONVERSION 
Beauty shop or conve rt to ofiicci business. HOO sa ft oft 41o occess. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 
FOR R E N T- 126*4o ti solid mo sonry I s to ry b u lld tn o , R e ta il or 
S e rvice o ro a m ia lto n . In clud es 2 boy QOiOge Short distance off IH J/ 
1619 s Presa. 642 o/11 
For Sale or Lease. 6ooo sa. ft ma sonry outtotoo. includes 1ooo sa. ft offices and showroom, air and heat, adiocent downtown Expressw ays, fenced b o lk p a rk in g lot 
12o9 E. 
E lm ira 342 2591______ 
42o1 Fredericksburg Rd has office space and covered ond anc over eel yard space for lease 341 7113 

 l o £ a t i6 n 
Ii . 
GOOD BUSINESS rent 4o*2o oreo, 144 7o19 
K E R R V IL L E TEXAS 17 8 >8 A rrey 
M o b ile H om e P o rk 
I OO % OC cuoancv 4oo ti on H iohw ov 
16/ 
Mobile ond tra ile r spaces, 5 apts 
N ice home ond o ffic e 5)5o.ooo 
Sublett Realty, 4o4 Junction Hwy . 
K e rrville. 
Texas 
71o21 
Phone 
2566418 
LOOP 41o AT BANDERA ROAD 
WARFHOUSES-OFFICES STORES 
4744 COLONY DRIVE R E TA IL 
OWNER PI4 2424 PI2 7144 
" M tC U LLO U O H -OLMOS PARK 
J,OOO VQ ft oil masonry building 
HOLLY GRASSO RE ALTY 824 114! 
NORTHEAST Office NKI sa ft with 
Warehouse 16oo sa ti 653 4798 or illZ H Z _________________________ 

Norttiside Warehouses from l l *>o to NXM sa ft with offices neor expressways, 
Jock 
Alter 
3J2 4I61 
NW PRIME SHOPPING CENTERS 
West Hildebrand 
Vance Jackson 
Reasonably Priced! 
745 o961 or 494 7777 
O ffice space tor re n t 66? sa 

■ 
RIMCO REALTY 
■ 
68» stoa Form s Mottchas’ *92-2796 

RIVER FRONTAGE 
76 ocres of serene HHT C o untry p ro p e rty w ith G uadalupe R ive r tron tog* Located 3o minutes north of S A Priced below m orket value w ith fin a n c in g a v a ila b le In q u ie 
Now 494 S249, nile* 444 5/41 

M 
M f l m t 

* RUNNING WATER* 
2 springier! creeks, on 564 acres of beautiful pasture land in Bandera 
County. Call David Nisbit 834o156 
RANCH MARKET 
655 42o6, TTO S184 

Di.pi. * on S Flores, dose to town. 
M ake o ffe r 
E s ta te s e ttle m e n t. 
974 81)6, 33/ 492/ 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 
Fine Jewlery ond G ift Store 
P rim * N ortheast location 
3 OOO Sg ti $4o.ooo Colt 822 9616 
I Pot Sal* or Lease. cOOO va ti mo 
■onry building. Includes IOOO sa ti 
I offices and showroom, air ana heat. odlocent downtown Expressw ays, fenced back p a rkin g lot 
13o9 fc 
I E lm ira 342 2594 
G O O D IN V E S T M E N T 
| Office Building with plenty of pork m g on San P e dro Goad R e turn 
[Owner finance IS* down. I -, long ite m 
F ra n k L e n n g rd ond Co., 
734 6/56 Or 69o 1673 
---------------IN C 'G M fH O M E--------------- 
Tall columns, big porches up and j down, trl pie* or convert to home 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2621 

SFCLUDFO HIDEAWAY 
6 IO acres at m d or county rood located southwest of Boerne One high building site overlooks deep canyon 56 ooo OO Total Price 

BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis. Realtor 
Boerne 249 tael 
S A 224 7171 

Investment Property 
3 tots ana J homes on com er near 
I B ra c k e n rid g e P o rk 
Zoned R I. 
REALTOR 349 1131 n it** 344 739/ 
AULrtEJLABO 

FARMS and RANCHES 
A Specialty a r* than Half Century Service 
REQUA REALTY CO 
R e a lto rs 
MOS B ro a d w a y 
834 45o7 
'FARMS RANCHETTES S ib * W I 
R M. GEORGE, REALTOR 
243 
S 
Main b u rn ie 
/t9 j*> 8 , 
349-4545 _______ 

Start the New Year Right i This new three bedroom two both home on two ocres include* large fireplace, modern kitchen, ana sin u ie c a r p o r t w ith u t ilit y ro o m - 
531,5oooo Total Price. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
. 
Clift Lewi*, Realtor 
Boerne 249 /o41 
S A 224 7171 

FOR COMMUTERS 
5 a c re * af h ill c o u n try bea uty r*e e n B ianco Rood ond 781 in m oi County only I 9 miles from i elementary god m iddle schools ll consider a trade 
Owner 

DORIS HUNSICKER 444 99IS 

RANCH LANDS - 
G onzales Co neor H a rw ood and iH 1o. 24 a cre s, rn A u stin C halk 
T re n d un# s ix te e n th ro y a lty 
SIS OOO Bv Owner 8?> 2117_______ 
GREAT 
HUNTING-32o 
ACRES ii7 9 5o per acre, 56. down payment with 2o vear term s of / -4*s simple intgt est 
Owner financed 
Coll 

H ill Country Near K e rrville 
4 bedroom , ? bath lodge Ten ni* court On 25 acres or m ore $1oo,ooo 
I 466 3671. 

SWT Form A Roach Reg! Estate 
P O Box $64. Cotulla. Tx 7IOI4 
35 A ccts en Nueces R iv e r, nice 
,*e and b a rn , c ity w a te r ond c trlc lty . irrig a tio n rig h ts from 
E r . large aam Very good fishing 
V6U OOO and good tar ms available to qualified buyer Contg! t 
L e t Roy Peters. Sr 
I 879 2759 Of 179 2624, OH 5 879 4159 

TEXAS VETS 
14 wooded acres, 5 m iles south of 
Somerset All weather rood. sm oli ta n k on p ro p e rty 
E le c t r ic ity available 116,ooo 69* 533o 

_ PRPTOONAl m i n 

2 TRACTS UST 
Coostol. tanks, fenced 
828 o665 
746-1744 
544 4419 
» * T*QN * , m 
. « - l* A 1 2 » l 
What type Ronch de you w o n !’ ■ 
RANCH M ARKET 655-42o4 224 5184 
RI 4 Box 231, San Antonio. 78218 

Kirby 
Holt ocre corner Farm Rood 78 at 
Gibbs Spraw l B u ild ing 1146 sa ft 
Call Eve A rnold, 735o585or 327 HUS 

E.O. GOZA 

B E A L T o w a n r u n 

 f t warehouse office spore; HOO sa ti lo re 824 2439 
_ 
O H ite Storage, new ly rem odeled 
Sc per sa ft 444 7464 
________ 

OFFICE WAREHOUSE 
Nor th ad*, 2 miles north et Loop 418, close lo a irp o rt, units w ith, 11*4, 
156o . 29*5 sa ft. 
ASTRO INVESTM ENTS 
• • • it s a)»»••• 

Office Warehouse 
And Yard Space 
Available. All or par? with or w ith ogl Secretory 655 45o5 
Prim e office ar retail 2 story bund- ma LNTRANCE I ROM Broodway or Av* B HOO sa ti, carpeted thru oui. central air, large parkin g area. many extras. Less than 32c per sa ti Other fine otto# space available on B ro a d w a y 
(512) 828 4886 
874 1644 tor appl 
R E T A IL or Office, leas* or rent 
15o6 Sa ti 54oo Mo S II* Blanco Rd 
341 3o93 
_________________ 
SMALL RETAIL store. « i. Big nco 
Rood IVO X I o246. >4? QQI4 
4.ooo sa ti worehouso, a ir cond offices, 7 resi rooms, bock HI tao# mg. la rg e , p ave d, fenced v a ra 
/blk N of Boss* Rd between Son and Blanco Rd 826 7361 
5,5oo $o store bldg w ith am ple s p rout 
H r *11 I H I a Office Space 
Warehouse ana Office Space 4.4oo s a lt Covered loading ared. fenced parking 7?) 1167, 872 9523 

NEAR ASHPORT 
Office w a re h o u s e rs ? ! sa ft total, 
4,3oo o ir c o n d itio n e d 1,7oo sq ft, rand 584,75o O wner c a rry 
C oll 
W b Kletter 341 9191 

NaytoP R M y jnc _ 

 i 
WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo Sd ti new masonr y building, tor sale, neor expressway, easy term s tor strung buyer 
9.ooo S4I ti . Masonry building, tor 
(ease, month to month or rang torn 
PEACOCK. REALTORS 824 o51 1 

North Central Office Bldg 
Spanish Contem porary I S lur, ma sonry. excellent location tine ptutv 
6.ooo sa It Ample parking Can t 
Watkins 341 9191, Nitgs 824 6471 
M r M y Inc. 

Warehouse with attice, truck high dock, about 4)oo sn ti 
IOO ll ope covered dark, tented torch 5)6o mo 
287 I nchappeiie call Mb MVT! 
45oo Iii a ti A v *. I/o& Sa F I " ^ ^ o o 

APTS. FU R N ISH ED 
SHS. 
BANOERA and EVERS RO. 
HID D EN MEADOW 
$959 WURZBACH 
684-3311 

APTS. FU R N ISH ED 
SHO. 
HITTIM AN RO AT IH I* 
THE FAIRDA LE 
66oo FA IR D A LE 656-1oo1 

FR O M 

*46. 
*1 5 2 . 

W ttkly 

Monthly 

NO LEASE 

TiNKIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING—NO PETS 

WARDIN HOUSE 
3123 N W . Loop 41 o 
‘‘IIT interanct»on of D«wKur%t end •(«•»! rood 41o** 

3 4 2 - 4 o 2 9 

 rn * 

 leasing Doily 9 o. fenifoy I 6 

1 B e d r o o m 
$ 1 4 5 
2 B e d r o o m 
$ 2 1 o 

F U R N .- U N F U R N . 
All Utilities told lotq» playgrounds 
Knvkrihall bool 
Shuttle haunt, liqhlrfl ixnnn iftuil 3 into? swim ming penis tom Amoks AI 8 
Slab Hospital I'm on Kollry Golf 
(dorse 
T ruly th e b e s t re n ta l v a lu e in to w n . 
271$ losses 
333 $339 

 ice 4 room garage opt 5*6 month 
Bills paid. 43J 8*2o after 3 PM 
NG I 6 ASE REOu IRES " 
Nuor f t Sam ond downtown Eft ic 
A p ts, B ills P o id . 58* p e r mo 
7.'/ 4 7o? tost C Houston__________ 
North Central Location, E lm ira and 
M cCullough ond IM3S N to r bus adults only No pals Furnished I bedroom, upstairs Welter pd. SHS with dc-p 6 Mo Leas* 226-54o1 after 
6 and weekends. 696-o73o 
NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A ltrd c llv * I bedroom dishwasher shoo pool Bills pd SIAO and up S25, 
D ip IO Min FI Sons 321o EISEN 
HAUER oft 
H a rry 
W uriboch 
127*1*5. 
I 
O ^F BROADW AY, R e d e c o ra te d bedroom, 516o 878 1172 
PAN AM APARTMENTS 
56o2 B IE N V ILLE DR a ll Waldner rd Modern I Bedroom, 641 2663 

PECAN VALLEY 
Coll Club Apts. 
345oL ROUTHCROSS 
333-9o2o 
Q uinta 6$31 Blunco. townhouses opts, 12 bdrm . 7 bath. soe-compata very reosonobl* 3414113 
Roommate Apartm ent Mu!*? 
We hove severul poop'*; looking for a co m p o tib lo oerson (som e sex 
Only) 
Coll 
M qlrhm qker to r 
44 1125. 
"small opts near low is ond La £. plus deposit 
No children or pets. 
7)5 1618 w n 

N O R T H E A S T 

C O N V E N I E N C E 
I Bedroom A p a rtm e n t* 
U 5 o * 1 6 5 o 
' I T O 

U t i l i t i e s P a id 
D G arden S e ttin g 
□ lY iv a te Palm s 
□ Pools and P a lly R o om 
U E ffic ie n c ie s , I aud 2 * 
B e d ro o m * 
, 
□ Dishwasher. Drape* oik) 
I V Auienm te 
□ W a lk lo N o rtheast 
Sohoolk 
J 4 lone to F o rt Saau tJ 3 M in u te * to W in d s o r 
P ark M al) 
U f u r n itu r e 
A v a ila b le 

P o r k 

V i l l a g e 
A p a r t m e n t V 
/ 

RIO J 

' J * i'ABfc AAA) I 
I i ||$CNNAU 
(8 
I 
A, • RABB 
YIH ADI 

4B3o R a y R u n l >rivi* 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

I m in u t e t o I H - 1 o . 
Frivol* odutt ond fondly 
•action. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 

',9o9 W oods!*** Brio* 

 left or tx; single working 
5125 month. 
Bills prod person 
736 6)69 
SOUTH I bedroom , paneled, con­ venient to everything, water gas ort 
5116 923 2367 
_____ 

Astoria 
1o)63 SAHARA 5*4-61*1 
FURNISHED UNFURNISHED 
Sunshine 
342 E SUNSHINE 734 4422 
I bedrooi 
A very nice I bedroom, rorwgnten north water pa 511o 7)2 )8> 
B o rd ro o m opt 5)6o m nnlh plus deposit 1oo8 $ St M arys 223 5o94 
I )r inquire Apl 6 bedroom, close In J*-ti, s'lopping enter and bus 734 S833 
BE DR OOM Cot tu g * s. and e l tm enres. oir, bills pd 525 wk. 5*5. mo up. 544 3*o1 or 434 9645 _______ 
I bedroom id flc ie rK v, itlg h lo n d 
Pork Ared. near bos Un* and stores 
Deposit required 227 5179; 735 3 7o/ 

SOUTH CENTRAL 
1 BEDROOM UNBORN 5125 
1 BEDROOM. FURN IMO 
2 BEDROOM, UNF URN SISO 
2 BEDROOM FURN 517o 
Central heal a ir, extra large room*, near South side Globe. *27 692o 
SOUTHSIDE SINGLES 
SI 27. MO. FURN. 
Brand nw elegonl etticience*. pool. shod carpet, big closets, fantastic kitchen Robins Nest Agt 53) Hoi 
Wells Blvd 53) 6511 
■po clr. us 2 ond S bedrooms tor youoq m a rrie d s who a sm all child th e boardw alk o ile rs 3 he droom s u n tu rn tor 529o 2 pools, club room and la u n d ry Close to 
Wonderland and C enirqi Pars 
353* West Avenue 449 42o) 
B o rry GiHingwoter Ce. 

 ideal 

CIOUDHAVEN APTS 
Nice 4 bedroom Can 82o-18o5 atter 
I)'? / Apply 145 Ctoudhaven behind 
Shqkev s P i/ta att Austin Hwy 
(.index, 5K1U mo BUU OxJ.lAtorkmg couple Call 9TI 9826______________ 

EDEN ROC APTS 
119 JACKSON K ELLER 
N ae ? Bedroom Apts, Jus! / Blocks 
OU Son Pedro Convenient to Cen bai Park M ull ana North Star M oil 
|no Children, No Pets p u n t or Un turn 878 *o11 
Ifn io v t tsar Q cntle p a re of th e 
Hoaidwolk 
Spend your afternoons 
Hatting with friends during a game t bridge Walk to Wonder land ar 
[antral Pork M oll C atth o bus to 
In y w h e r* 
Join our c o m m u n ity where all a Bes share the good life 
453* West Avenue J«»-4Jo) 
B arry Q itlingwuter Co i T n r r u n ^ e i b .'d 7 jo ^ ;i he'nr large patio, outside storage, lu r hi livre available 
■ 
THE HERITAG E 
1444 Babcock at NW Loop 41o sot t m 
F emote wanted ie s h o rt en agar I men! Call Anna JU 81*5; *41 S U I atter SPM. 
_____________ __ 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
123$ E M ULBER RY 
B e a u tifu l, spacious, I ana J be dr noms, lust 7 blocks from Brock enrtdoe Fork and Ft lo rn Houston 
F u rn or Unturn 
All Bills Raid 
876 5o81 
---------------F 
I l i 'i H FT-f t l -------------- 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-E3S1 

 monthly 
' I M i rm r 
, -nu,catan ktiF I 
Occupant 

24 X 6o Building, ISH $ H ackberry 
5/4 IDJ 

515o month » : i m w r r ~ 

 to 
1 t o 
' ? 
_________ b ilic .• or sm all Bust ness Boss* el Wesl Av# 74o4417. 
7IS11Z7 

 l l NORTHSIDF ACRES e x c e lle n t a pt or n u rs in g hom e lo c a tio n In Sunshine P a rt nea r schools, bus. shops, a h e ad, coned 
D Apl Ona residential Easy term s 
M I 4455 
NITES 6o4 29o* 

PltlMBINt SHOP 
Q uarter s, J f ) , ihvgntory lo be 
Purchased separate, on Branco 
82o-oo44 
74o 1/66 
744 4117 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

IT S (AST IO PSACI A 
IXPoIS5N4WS 
WANI AB 22o-1oo4 

242 M I H A I P H W till 
ICB SAU 

INDUSTRIAL LOTS 
Acr * o rid up 
Zoned I I; fu lly developed, V l f* 
| w 
^ M 
* j t r m i l i S l a t ^ ^ 

248 OFflCI SPACE IPB IU 8 I 

' ~ 
PU /SH OFFICE SBAC* 
Jo growing N W sector Reasonable rates Creator S A Suitors Assoc 
»»/) N W IM ie 49t 18o6________ _ 
Furnished office, targe, giu-.t. 
A valium* tall or par) lim e 
Ideal tor moonlighters ■ 
N I LOOP 416 821 6227 
P rim * office serai# on new north expressway near airport. Reosonu big ret, s. covered pkg, oh canyon tx rices 44oMSS weekdays 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
E tfic ranees, I 2 dad 3 bedroom s, fu rn is h ed or u n fu rn is h e d 533 I IOO f u rnished I b e d ro w n 
?Af f re ly ,s 
Brooks Bu , 585 82 4 65)6_________ 
STH F urnished T bedroom Le,is 
A lf, C oil A n y Dqy pf Lyes 7 3' 
A M 
9 P M 334 US) 
S f t . ii P u rn is h e d 'T ie q ru u n i A pl 
Air. 2 Bifcs Kelly Calf Any D ay Or 
N ight 7 a rn lo p rn 927 o6 U 
Kelly View Apts Large J bcd apl 513‘> Near K e lly , track rang, and 
Security 6/4 6449 
I C 
T oho Annex petoo I b edroom opto Le pies and young m a rrie d s after 4 )6 p m _______________ _ 

L a d y io s ita r* h o m e e x p e n s e " 
W onderland a re a l i t 4o4o a tte r 5 

— 
1 1 v k m f i ' t i ' f o r T e T T ~ ~ 
6 R o U N o LE V E L DUPLEXES 
FURN OR UNPURN 
EXCELLENT M AINTENANCE 
HIGHLAND MILLS APTS 
2931 t 
SOUTHCROSS 
))« 88o8 
ME TRO HOJSE OOw N T 6 w N 
M O D I RN EFFIC IENC Y BURN 
SIM ta SDS l l ) STM ST He-731) m o & rTs’ dS 'w ii T o w L a p t s — 
"A Prestige Address” 
E ffic ie n c y and I b d rm 128 ft, /Wain 
P ig/a 227 28oo 
MOT E l Efficiency 'A ootin.ec!', a n i 
R oom s B v D a y . W eek or Month 
OI 2 91 l f . PE 4 6 7*7. LE Z o142, 
CA7 4/o2. Near FI Sam TA J 1377 
F n r g r f B w r m r S m a ll g a ra g e a p a rtm e n t. 5oo. 82? 9511 
Near' • F r -5om~ T eT t t o ^ T o r 'T T T droom , gas waler pd $11o 344 64o8 
-----------------S iA B T T l 
A M — 
--------- mea I bedroom air, carpet water gas bd SMS, 824 13*9 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS. 
Large I and 2 Bedrooms 
FROM SITS (UN FUR N S U /SO) 
■ Ilk VANDERHECK 826 2349 
OTP N NEW BRAUNFELS 

GREENBRIER APTS. 

8 5 3 5 G R E E N B R IE R 
(»«$♦ oW •taodwfiy ond Bnrtli l<*p 418) 
((tat In < town low* tkVj J 
8 2 8 - 4 2 o o 

 b Adults only 
• Home like otmosphera 
9 lorge I bedroom apts. 
• I Bedtoom opts 
• largo spacious looms 
• Covorod parking 
• Pool • Party Houso 
• laundry • Bus lin t 
• All utilities paid 

((JR N 6 b U N 7U R M . 
I, a w , 3 u n o o M i lIondbnT x j j o u s e ] 

A P T S . 

1 1 7 2 1 P a r lia m e n t S q u a t* 

3 4 9 - 3 1 4 9 

Let ut find yours— 
24 Hr. 
TOWNHOUSf-APARTMENT 
LOCATORS, 
B 2 8 -o 6 8 1 
FMC— No charge to yow 
‘ The PrekmxtWMb In a f f , 
/•raking" 

 l A p a / i t f i t t t t t i - 

K x l i n u M . 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INC. 
35o4 NORTH PAN AM 
224 )31o 
MON.-FRI 9 4, Sot 1o 2 

I TENDER LOVING CARE 
Covered walk way tram (a r lo opt . nundry and m ailbox area co you wan I gel dreni hew), large, room* so won t b a rk your shiny C a ll 
347 9 ll I 976 1594 ani) see 
THE KINGSTON APT$ 
22o7 Vance Jackson For ILC 
T hr et1 ca n sn q r* a I nedrO orrrqploT hie Boardwalk fur 51oo earn boot room ond la u n d ry Close to 
Central Park and Wonderland 
35)6 Wesl Avenue M f 42o3 
B a rry G illingw afer Co 
- f v MONI fo g FO I * CUR i f Y 
GARDEN PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
GYM ANO SAUNAS 
I M BEDROOMS. I 2 BATHS 
SUS ta S2/o BILLS PAID 
PARK TOWNS APTS 
414-41*1 
2o11 BANDERA ROAD 
Between H illcrest ond Callaghan 
Upper ! b e d ro o m , n ife ly tu rn adults near J buses / l l 6496 
1515 W.” TC gnlour!"(neor i/o 6 Soh 
Pedro!. 2 bedroom, turn opt SI4o woter gold 826 7911 
SJO Week, bills od. Neor Ft Sam, no pots, atterr 12, 73S-44IZ 
I /fe w Huivache i.rirqe ' bedroom 
■ ng. kitchen, upper, porch, car pet S 'Ii, bills paid To see, 142 *754 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or over pay 
W ILSHIRE APTS 
Bleck of FI Sam North Gate 
84o 9159. 81o11*4 
I to W I vnwood; unusually nice opt onvenient trin ity SAC 713 8864 
— 
'H I U a l i i ......*" “ - " 
O ffs Flores and SE M ilita ry Dr 
Bedrpnm air ca rp e t, w ater pd 
SITO 9/2 921o Mgr Apt I 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNEURN 

- r r r r b 'f i i m j v s s y v n u r 
3 or 4 bedroom M ove rn, s ta r payment* in M arch sm all depn.it 
Payments less than rent Little or no credit necessary 
*9* 7429 WAYNE SLATER 47o4124 

2 AND 3 BEDROOM 

LUXURY APARTMENTS 
ACROSS FROM LEE HIGH 
Pom and an utilities pa 
TANGIER APTS 
34o5*o9. no cadi otter 
oPM 
_________ accepted_________ 
FA N O 2 Bedrooms, to rn "and un tu rn , a ll b ills pd d is h w a s h e r security guard. 
M angold apts 
13)93oo 
ITT,TT#?tf7^nluTrr ii Donaldson se. cenirqi a ir, 
, autor pd 

Jotter so? bedroom rong*. 
1185 mo 

 k e n j r ^ 

WINDCREST 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • I D 
APARTMENTS 

L u x u ry D y in g in N o rtfra o M 
S on A n to n io 

FROM $215 
656o182 
. 
8835 WILLMON WAY 

BRITT ANY APTS 
8487 jones M oltsberger. 441-1194 

— t t t m i n c i T z v v i ---------- 
Oft C atk hilt Veimo ond West Ave toilful 7 bedroom, corbeled, buts bd 5216 4V4 1279 

CASTLE HILLS AREA 
F or quiet m atu re residents, 9 be­ droom , 2 both, SJI5 
I Bedroom , 
5176 Free u tilities Porn. cgrpnrts 
Ask tor Lenora Themas. MI-8151 or 
14o9)14 eves and weekends 
( b u * i m 
’ r a w r c r g i f i t i . 7 ^ droom , newly der or m ea. S?7y ad b ills paid No p e lt 
o24 6 7o7 or 974 4 7oo 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd 
P A R K LIK R GROUNDS 
2 BEDROOM SJM B IL L I PO 
PARKDALE APTS M lb lfT 
I C 6 n 5 m Y E c 6 l'6 '6 V---------- oil arite to college, shops. OC fide the bus I bedroom, dining frra 
THE CO LDEN KEY 
Apartm ent Locators 8)o-1719 r Alp-FAX A f 't r T 
’ cent a ir. pool 
7)2 77$9 
ITS 

HERWECK HUUSf. ; I 
2 B e d ro o m , I B o tt), M IO , 
Across Sir get from L e* High. J pies prom to im it/ High, I blk QgCSsqn k*M *r Elem entary 
M A IN T A IN E D W IT H P R ID E 
ALL UTILITIES PAID 
233 H E R V K B C K D R 
344 SBO* 

" UM 
144 4' 
E E A U T i FUL T re * House Apis in garden C om plex, near B ra cke n rig#* Pk Trinity U Ona Downtown 
V iew ot C ity 
POO* 
L a u n d ry 
Modern aeq com fortable Manager 
M U L B E R R Y TE R R A C I APTS 
I I I ) t M ulberry, IJJ 5436 
I i iR rg g m ,iig s ii. c e d ro l an hggl, 
Or inwood apts 
Rd 
644 5491 bills pd STIO mo 
SM 
Gentleman 
7154926_________________________ _ 
I trad roam , cenfrgl a ir Keo!, com pieta kitchen, pool. carpeted util* took paid 51*o m onth 341 )378 ai 
684 2731 atle! 6PM 
T HU N O E R R IR D APTS 62/JNW 
Loop 41o neor mg, pm Od 
BULS PAIS 'i'm to »J#4 ~ 
Tor fe ll Hills Areg 
124 J ill 
SEITZ * ASSOC, REALTORS 

IF YOU Q U A LIFY 

1 be d ,gent I bath $142 STO* 
2 Bagroom I Bath S ilt S77l 
I Bedroom-2 Both SI99-M4o 
All Ultimas. CentroI A ir ann Hoot. 
R e frig e ra to r. R ange. D is p o s a l. 
Dr aperies 
TV A n tenn a, ^ fo ra g e 
/nits cmd 64org Approxim ately U 
Minutes tra m MMdary Bases 
' . 
92oo41* 
7914 Raesevett Avg 
— lT I'W 
I K IF T i" 
LUXUR Y I and J bedroom Opts 
1171 B A N D E R A RO 4 ) ) U L * 

 l ac k l a n o ~c t i y r A u d ir . A o r unled taro * I bedroom, 4o» »*,(en tro t nea t a ir, a p p lia n c ts / •ra h washer disposal SISO U'Mmes od 
6/4 1o)2 atter 4 so 
} i i~ARO ii'Wiring end dta ihp 
Wats rn closets, covered b a rk in g ond outside storage, w ornjeg dis ra n t* OM shopping 
T H E H E R I T A G E r n is *) Babcock at n w Lag* 4)o 
M IH M 
-P 
— l iv e B T t T r f m * L I W — 
GROUND L tV C L DU PLE XE S 
FURN OR UNFURN 
EXCELLEN T M AINTENAN CE 
HIGHLAND HILLS APTS 
29)1 S 
SOUTHCROSS 
144 88o8 
“ 7 7 7 w it r T n r n r c e n irliT |R t neat, dishwasher, disposal, cor pet. cd SI 71, )4< 4)23 
69o4225 n $ oK .N & "7gi - f H i r t d i ' AL i m 
WE H A V E IT 
J Bedrooms. J lu ll bothy. (Overed balconies tor ptu/ity and bo? b cueing, stora ge eggrn spacious rooms, lots of poetry gad staroge space 
THS H E R IT A G E 
1542 Babcock at n w Loop 41B 
441 223o 

o2856235 

oo344376 

P a ge 
12 -C 
So n Antonio EX P R ESS -N E W S — 
S u n d ry January 9 1 9 7 7 

ARTMENTS UNfURN. 
HOUSES, DUPLEXES— 
UNFURNISHED 
HOUSES, DUPLEXES- 
UNFURNISHED 

[••EfiiV. t o r 

W e’ll find yours, free. 

I 7 D A T S A W W 
O A N C C S YM CO iM M O U T T fX A t 
3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
349-1737 

D i t t o T C O R R fS P O N D F N C t TO 
4123 N. C W T R A l fX P W T 
D A L L A S, TIX. 7S2JM 

 a i g p m a 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

LA PLAZA 
341-4621 

• l ; i - 3 B e d ro o m s 

• S in g le a n d Fam ily 
■Sections 

» Fireplaces 

• Tennis 

H S HW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
North Star Moll 

FOR RENT BY OW NER 
GARDEN HOME 

Lot enclosed by private brick w all, kitchen w i t h breakfast area, dining room, living room with fireplace, master bedroom suite with luxury bath- downstairs. 
3 bedroom s with 
I V2 (club) baths, 

 balcony upstairs. N o grass to mow. M axim um out- coor enjoyment with swim m ing pools, lighted tennis courts. Northside. C all 

69o-o166 FOR APPOINTMENT 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

HOUSH, DUntlH- 
FURNISHID 

S p a c io u s 2 b d rm , k id s, p e ts w e l­ com ed s i t s b ills pd. call 
United, 735-9121, tee (7oS 2) 

4o8-HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

WAKEFIELD-STa kuUST 

APARTMENTS 

 w -»Hy located on busline I, 2, ami 3 bedrooms $18o ... lo 
S3 SO On Sector c.ross from 
North Slot Mall 

8 S o 6 W A K E F IE L D 

3 4 4 - 4 5 5 8 
• • • • • • • S E 

I & R TOWNHOUSE 
2 B ed room s, air, heal SU O W ater pd P a tio 
I S I E l M lo-4o8 Ir a 
N o pets .Ut 8446. 494 36/8. 824 6727 
L U X U R Y P L U S 
L a rg e J b e d ro o m lower and ? be d roo tn tow nh o use. W a sh e r D r y e r included. e xclu sive area 
Action Apt. L ocato rs, 824-2333 
L U X U R Y T O W N H O U S E 
2 B e d ro o m , lU b a t h , P L U S D E N , lovely fireplace. N orth Central, U oo sa ti 429s., bills od 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L I M I T E D 
828-o681 

QUALITY RENTALS 

FOR MODERATE RENT 

3-1-CP Meadow Village 
$22o 

4 2-Cottv Rainbow Hills 
$28o 

3-1 Conv Indian Creek 
$19o 

3-1-CP lackland Terrace 
$1So 

3-1'/>-conv lackland Ter. $1 SO 

3-2-1 Alameda Gardens $17$ 

3 I cp 
Valley Hi 
$175 

675-285o 

THEM KOW aS 
^ 
Rf AITORS-ms 

A A A A A A Hum e of your own can be yo u rs tor os little os $2oo dow n and p aym ents less thou rent, N o c re d it? 
N o problem ! 
J& J 
874-54o1 
A N Y T I M E 

NEAR SAC 
I a n d 2 b e d ro o m s . 41oo lo 4125. 
U tilise s P a id o96 992o 
H o h e n b e r g e r - C o ll ln s C o 
N ear SA C . I bedroom , utilities paid 
658-o851 
N O C O M P L A IN T S 
Abdul ttu sto rage in a 2 b ed roo m 2 both m aster b e d roo m su ilc W alk In pantry. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 B ab co c k at N W Loo p 41o 
341 2228 
N O R T H E A S T L U X U R Y tovplv I b ed room plus study, T E N 
H IS C O U R T S oil bills pd 421o m o 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L I M I T E D 
828-o681 
OAK HILLS VILLAGE 
A p artm en ts and T o w nhouses 
184/ B A B C O C K 34*9724 
O E F B & O A O W A Y , R e d e c o ra te d 2 bedroom , IM O 128 1122 
P L A N T N U T S 
Dem I m is s the H e rita g e It yo u re lap s m g tar the ideol apt to ko e o o jim 's 
I O r 2 c o v e re d patios, tor e y i'fy a partm e nt 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1443 B A B C O C K at N W Loo p 41o 
341 2228 

A A A A 
ID E A 
D O N T W A S T E Y O U P M O N E Y 
W IT H P E N T W H E N Y O U C A N 
O W N Y O U P O W N H O M E , W IT H A S 
L I T T L E 
A S 4 )o o D O W N 
A N D 
P A Y M E N T S 51 6o 
N O C R E D I T 
N E C E S S A R Y 
6/5 169) 
674 48o9. 
623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E___ 
A A A 3 b ed roo m . I bath, c a rp o rt fenced vo id . between V alley H i M all and V alley Hi P a rk 51oo D ep 5165 
77)o 671 82o1 

A Choice of 3 4 b e d io o m h om e s lo rent. Lease with ootion to b uy Ow n your hom e N O W ! 419o lo 45oo m o 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y C O 
69o 899o E v e s 496 88o5, 342 7712 
KEY GROUP 
A G re a t lim e to rent, le a se w ith o p tion to b u y . o r o w n y o u r o w n hom e w h e re we gu arante e lo b u y it b ack a n y tim e w ithin 3 yrs. 3 or 4 bedroom s, $19o 55oo m o Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 III 8 pm 
1335 B A S S E 
E xce lle n t N S location. ? bed room , 
SISO rent, 57 (lop 341 8134, 342 o91) 
B e a u t it u i 2 -1 1 , a ir , h a s st o v e , fenced for kid s, pets 415o 
United, 735 9121, tee (754 1) 

CHOICE RENTALS 
UNFURNISHED HOMES 
I 3 6 o 7 M M I TM A l l — -4 bedroom, 
2*6 bath, 2 cor garage. Carpet, prrvacy Fence. In Hidden forest. 
$45o 
4 3 SU TTO M W A C ! — 2 bedroom, 
2Vj bath condominium with oil the ex trav $43o. phi* condominium fee 
S t o a 
W O O O M I 1 N — 3 bedroom, 2 both, I cor gotoge, cen­ tro! heat & air Convenient to Ran­ dolph & Ft. Sam $225. 
4 4 4 a 
C A S T U 
A I M S — 3 bedrooms, I bath Fenced yard. 2 
Patios. Convement to Randolph and ft Som. $185 
3 4 3 3 
C IN C IN N A T I— Duplex, 
2 bedroom, I bath, air conditioned, gar agt* 
Convenient to St. Mary's 
University $165. No Pets. 
1 4 4 4 A P A T ftA N C O M O A D — 2 bedroom, 
I bath on 
9 acres 
Southwest. $185 
APARTMENTS 
4 4 S 
41144 
4 o A O — Nice 
I bedroom, I bath furnished garage apartment 
Convenient to 
BAMC 
$ \ 7o Water paid 
3 o 3 
W . 
M A O W O U A — I bedroom, I bath, furnished, off street parking, SH O , Water A town core peed Na pets 
3 3 4 
N A T A U N — I bedroom, 
I bath, furnished, I car garage. Water 
A lawn care paid Convenient to Ft. 
Sam $1 IO No pets 
S f V f K A l I bedroom, I both apart merit* available in 
Kirby, 
Texa*. 
Furnished & Unfurnished 
$17o to 
$185 
8 2 8 - 9 9 o 1 A N Y T I M E 

R o s o u r 8 [ k £ i r a > 

REALTORS— SO Years of Trust 

POLYGRAPHING A INVESTIGATION 
Top accounts. 
Witt taoch new owner. Nett $3 o,oo o yr. $ 1 5 ,o o o dn. 
TAPES, RECORDS, ilW llRY 
K od ak dealer, nice fixtures, cross 
S t 5o,ooo, nets $25,ooo, $3o,ooo. 

DRY CLEANING A LAUNDRY 
Shirt unit. Top equip, w ■property. 
N ets $2 5,oo o yr.. $1 5,oo o dn. 
FAST FOOD OPERATION 
A lso to go. Ow ner 19 yrs. A lw ays busy. H e n $1 4,oo o yr.. $12,ooo. 
PIUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with m ixed drink lounge, grossing 
$4 o ,o o o mo, short hrs., good lease, seats $23o, $45,ooo dn. 
FINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Seats OO. Good lease, lots of food to go. Nets $ 1 o o o mo. $75oo. 
CUAN DAIRY KRUM 
Excellent parking, loads of eqpt.. m oneym aker. $85oo. Terms. 

FINEST MIXED DIHNK CIU! 
W ith food. N.E. Sos* fixtures. N ets o v e r S3.SOO mo. $2oX7oo dn. 

BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
M ix e d drinks. 
Seats 
TSO.- G ross 
5 1 8 o ,o o o 
Nots 
$ 4 o,oo o yr. 
$ 2 5 ,o o o dn. 

LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close to besa. Grossing $ 3 5 ,o o o A nets $1 5 ,o o o yr. $ 9 5 o o dn 

BUSY POOL HAIL 
M ix e d drinks. 
N ets 
$ 2 o o o mo. 
$ 13 .OOO dn. N o competition. 

MOO ERH CLEANING PLANT 
W ith 3 top pick up stotions. G ood looses, net $ 3 2 o o mo. $1 o ,o o o dn. 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK QUOS 
NE, reol m oney molters, clean fix ­ tures, good parking, leases, terms. 

BUSY CONVENIENCE STOB! 
N ets $ 8 o o mo Top location, good prkg., loose. $5,ooo. 

MSTRUCTIONS 

TOP RENTALS 
TWO - FOR LEASE OPTION 
One is a darling two story, 3 bedroom in 
N.E. 
School 
District. Rents for S235 or for sole for $28,2oo. 
Or o precious home iii Volley forge which rents for $325 or sells for $32,75o. 

Coll Ear Info!! 
828-6391, Anytime 

 t Ve a iiie Owens 
REALTORS-RMS 

755-9458 d£ CjacoCrt&n Co: 

2oo3 H. Main 
735-861 I 

4-Y»LEX, N W 2 m m o le s from Loop 
4 lo r h d d r o o m , I b a in s h a g to r p#hOP.,dK>hw gshor, utilities pc) N o pets No lease. C oll Bobbie. 22o 2696 
S e 141 2175 
5 » C a re a I bedroom , stove, re fn g 
SIPS mo. I p e rso n only. 732-5744 
S a h a r a 
A p is t o n s 
S a h a r a 
344-9471. 3 b e d ro o m 4285. A ll elec­ tric kitchen B ills paid 

S E C U R IT Y 
% 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
H th c8 ?n c!e s 
I and 2 b e d roo m s rt/Thtshed o n d U n fu rn ish e d 
TH E i n 
( O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
XIL L A F O N T A N A 
A C K E N R I O G E A V E 

828-1191 
SHEARER HILLS APTS. 
I B E D R O O M U N F U R N 5)4o 
T u r n W a tt off 63oo S o n P e d r o a l 
A ve nu e Del R e v . I Story b u ild in g s fo r p r iv a c y a n d q uiet w ith la rg e b ob o com pletely enclosed w>th 6 ll fence E v e ry convenience N o chil dr e t na pets F o r a pp ointm ent lo tee for you rse lf ti is the best locally coil 342 6872. Office 17o D e l R e y 

2 BEDROOMS 
ALL U T IL IT IE S PO. 
3815 W EST A V E. 
344-772o 
THE MAYFAIR 
A V A I L A B L E N O W 
I B E D R O O M . 2 B A T H 
A L L B IL L S P A lO 
242o M C U L L O U G H 732 2611 
B V A P P O IN T M E N T O N L Y 

B E A U T I F U L 
H O M E 
A la m o 
Heights. 3 2. com pletely renovated, sep arate la rge d in in g fire p la ce in livin g ro om p lu s den, m o d e rn kb 
Chen, c o n tro l a ir heat 
S485 p lu s 
Utilities 727 6716, 724 4486 
B E A U T IF U L W IN D C R E S T ? h6o sa ti adjoining golf course, m in im u n I year lease 
S4So month 
655 9)15 
Ow ner gqent_________________________ 
I bedroom apartm ent, fully ca rp e l ed. in c lu d in g ra n g e , le f t g e r a le r , a nd d ish w a sh e r 
SISO p er m onth 
684 433o. 344-62o7 
O E A N IE O W E N S , R E A L T O R S 
3 B ed room , 2 bath, ? c a r ga ra g e , fire p la ce . 129o sa It c a rp e t. N L sc h o o ls V a lle y F o r g e a re a 4325 
828 7844 D a y s 876 8312 odes________ 
4 Bedroom , 7 bath house? la rge den w ith f ir e p la c e , d o u b le g a r a g e . w a s h e r d r y e r h o o k up 
P h o n e 
494 I H I , 16411 L e d ge R o ck . Thou sand O a k s ___________________________ 
3 B e d roo m , cen tra l air-heat. B a b cock N orth 828 69o' 
2 B ed roo m house on A vo nd a le 92? b 
Ni 
M c 

3 B E D R O O M S corp . is. g.r s I 7! m o N ear L o c k la n d K elly 69* 742o 
W A Y N E S L A T E R R E A L T O R S 
$13o $155. 
B L A N C O R D ond B A S S E R D 
12 B e d ro o m s G o * W ater Pd 
683) B A S IL W O O D 342 37o2 

CHOICE RENTALS 
3 BFoooo88, I both townhouse. 
Available February I 
1715 
3 BEDIO OM , ? bulb 
.... SIO© 
3 BEDROOM, I both. range ................ 
. .. . $ 1 7 5 
« BEDROOM, I both, 
155o *q Ft.............. . . . 
$25o 
Century 21 
DeLanty Realty 
653-o55o 

C am e lo t a re a b u ilt m s. 53o1 deposit 224 S27o 

3-2 tow nh o use m o n th w ith 5 

C a m e lo t ll, n ew appliances, d rap e s water paid, 4 ? IS 653 1798 pet. fenced 

3 2 I. control air-heat. d ish w a sh e r, 
Stowe, p riv a c y fence, n ear schools. m olls, a nd hospital 
526o month 
435-o372. 
C H A R M IN G 3 B E D R O O M 
.■ i on* c e n tra l a ir h eo t. r a n g e , fe n c e d , so m e carpet, trees, 423S m onth 
646-1234 
R E D C A R P E T 
Choice Rentals. H a rm o n y H ills 
3 ond 4 b ed roo m hom es 4274 ■ up 
L O U F O R K S 141 OHO 
Colonial Country Home 
D a rlin g b irch paneled /b e dro o m 
B a n d e ra R d . near M ed ica l C en' 
U T S A and Loop HO Quiet resp stole, m a tu re , w o rk in g , m a n couple O N L Y W aler pd . no gore dep 684 7795 otter 4 3opm 
C O U N T R Y N E A R U T S A 
A n d s m in from M ed ica l Compte ■ 
H u ge J bedroom , 2 bath (availab le 
I eh ) or full I bedroom (availab le 
M ar I, on 44 a c re wooded hilltop oft 
I H 
IO W est 
T e n n is court, rid in g trolls, h orse stalls 3 B e d ro o m 435o mo I B e d roo m SISO m o Both o iu s 
SISO deposit 
N o sm all child ren 
698 2742 
427 C R E S T V IE W 
J e ll ea, 

IHE TAHITIAN 
2-Bedroom , I bath, 422o 
I Bedroom . 2 both 15oo sa ft 429o 
Tr»c lo c a tio n is so c o n v e n ie n t ly located a se con d car is not needed 
A L L U T I L I T I E S P A IO 
One B lock To N orth Star M o ll 
2o2 B IR C M L E A F . 142 o214 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 B R O A D W A Y 
A N A P A R T M E N I 
Unforgettable o s lls nam e 
I B t C R O O M , SI SS 
/ B E D R O O M , 52)o 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824-oo61, 828 7393 
T IM E TO M O V E 
Y n f H eritage h a s large room s, ex b a closets, la rge cove red p olio a na 
P arke g AM b ills Rd 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
4443 B a b co c k at N W Loo p 41o 
341-2M6 i i T O W N H O U S E f o r m a l d ining, patio, outside star 
C oe , 2 c o v e r e d p a r k in g ot y o u r floor Poolside 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
•1543 B ab co ck of N W Loop 41o 
,________ 34 1 2228 
V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S 
I 2 B e d ro o m s ond E H icten ce * 
U T IL IT IE S P A IO 
>611 N N ew B ra u n fe ls >28 4242 
" 
JOI o9 I i W M o g n o n o ' 
A partm en ts from 5114 and up Neat 
S A C , c o n v e n ie n t s h o p p in g . Du! line* Cad 713 9847 
YARD LIKE PATIO 
G o ld e n e r * D e ligh t 3 b e d ro o m 
J u s th a p a rtm e n t hom e, beautifully g e n ,ra te d W a sh e r D r ver included 
E x cu rsiv e a re a Can 828 3)o1 
B A A P A R T M E N T L O C A T O R S 

MC HOUSES M M S 

: 
; 
E M 
M 
E * 

 f T S e t n N S C l ^ t n K e c o u n l r y T T I m ir a t e r , fenced 4124 
United. 73S-9III. lee (749 1) 
-------------n i i ’ E I or U S T x------------- aft M e t utlough J b ed room I l k 4868 
T i m e r : U J d r o o m Duplex 
N e a r SA C 7)5 713k_________ 
M r a .e t o h iii P o s * ( N w i 'l l, den. centro! p ie hep) 5234 I l k 791) 
M .ghiond* ! o u rm separate dining, fenced tar kid *, pets HOO 
U pped. 733 f ill, fee (748 J) 

I a r ip ? 'I B d r m ,' b ills pd. dtr. go o d area, carpeted 4145 
United. 734-9121, fee (744 3) 

3 roam s Gild bath, paneled, heat air, cou p le p re fe rre d 
R e fe re n c e s, no pets, w a le r p d; sh o w n IO 4 
8125 month 85o deposit S37 9885 

S j i'M lS R ^ lt lf e A S >'<■)! w ould like lo live in the country, SS y r * o n d o ver w h a a r a a b le lo luck a lle r them se lv e s 
P le n t y of s o o t # a n d n ic e e re e k fo r p ic n ic k in g a n d t u n in g near K e rrv ille , te xa s, lf interested coll 4 634-24o3 se u fh s'd e . 7 i i-m ley, 6 ro o m do 
PMX, near kChoaM, bus 826-2233 

3 b e d roo m , I hath only 417S 484 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider R e o il* 
SO I b A W N V IE W 
I b ed room I b ain 4135 
826 k ilt I U H M R R L A L T Y 3 4 2 4149 
6 'e l ! V I E W dr opt c o p p lin g iii) 

S o d Ic* « 
Jal ^4 o r wood, 5 bed r (ibm it 4o Mou%* 818 Staves. \ O rd 'd o m 
SUO f.(fr i i W«•»■!» ( H i V jllU’t 6 

E c o n o m y 2 b d rm , lust 474 
K id s pets O K, fresh paint 
United, 733 t i l l , lee <744 I) 
95k E D ' e «el it* lean J room dup ie™ mo, ISO D ip w<$f#r pd. TIT- ti 19 
E x e c u tive D u p le x, L a u re l H a t s " " bedroom s. 2 tile baths with vanities 
L iv in g ro o m g u u n g ro o m , lu lls 
• q u ip p e d k itc h e n w ith b r e a k f a s t spore, Sun porch, le a r g a ra g e lots of s t o r a g e 
L u x u r io u s c a r p e t s , d rap es and curtains. N im location near S A J C ant T U 
C h u rc h e s shopping g n d tron so o i ano n W ot* ' turn 
No word 
M a im 
H O 
W 
Mistletoe 
E X E C U T IV E H O M E f o r le a se . 4 la r g e b e d r o o m s . b a th s, c a r p e t s , d r o p * s c a ll t o i m ore inform ation 
824-4321 o d e s 
342 4849 
Turner Realty 

E X T R A C L E A N c a rp o rt, sto v e fe n c e d y a r d 
Nfc 
Schools, 41 74 42*6 W oana 826 o)88 
R E A V I S R E A L T Y C O r O R L e A S c t - b r g e J bedroom . T b a th s T o w n n o m e L iv in g d in in g fam ily a nd Utility ro om s 2 cor aor a ge. fire p la c e b r a n d n ew w ore c ore fo rm sn e d P o y ow n u tilities 
N o pets 
P r e s t ig io u s G o lf C o m st 
Su bd ivisio n 449, p er m o C all P A 
Yoe hem, P oy >22 7432. Piles 826 687; 
H a rm o n y Hills. I bdr rn, central air alt appl, lust 412o 
United 733 9121, tee 1754 3) 
H e re s o b e a u ty 3 b d rm , fenced, ya rd kept, lust H 2 # 
United. 733 9121, fee (744 1) 
88#1 ll/V,™ I } 2 (fen. a ir 1, fence. < place 5323 826 5)3/ 828 7993 
Kids. pets w elcom ed here, 2 b drm , drapes, 81oo N o lease 
United 7)3 912), fee <744 3) 
L a rg e I bdrm . kids. p els 6 k , appl m ost bills pd 31o5 
Untied. 735 *1*1, fee (739 3) 
Lease pure ed m a s t e ro o m a h y a r d N E neiius A A 
65)9496 

O rile 
W ife T i ? b e d r o o m o n d liv in g e n t r o l f e n c e d re a th o o ls. 5275 m o C o r 
.©coit**. 828 6343, eve 

L Ile new 
3 7 2, la rg e fir e p iu c r c d en . c a r p e l s b u n t m s. e n v o i i fence. 3383 31oo D e p 
I S M G ie r 
Shadow Cam elot ll C an get ke y So; and Sun . at 84o/ G len N ock or Cai collect 1-336 2442 B oe rne Te xas 
I i located in R O L L I N ^ B I O G ! io n * * d ishw ashe r, refrigera tor in eluded 3275 per m onth 
484 43)o 
344-42o/ 
O E A N IE O W E N S . R E A L T O R S 
M C T T T T T I T f i S i ” w Z 't l eVr'y I 
Sto ry , 2 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, p a rtly tu rn liv in g , d in in g, den. lib r a r y , fire p la c e K itc h e n w ith sto ve , re trige io fo r, o rgan ic garde n, trees in front N o sm a ll c h ild re n N o dugs, please 
53oo m o p lu s gas, tights 
73) 888? 

CHOICE RENTALS 
% r 
Queen Anne 1-1 
?626 dendrite 3-1. . 
4311 Parkwood 3 2 2. 
I2S2I Sandpiper 3-2-2 
221 Oriflwtnd 3-2 2 

$11$ 
$ 1 *o 
$22$ 
33oo 
$32$ 

M A N Y M O B I TO CHOOSI H O M 
C a l l 8 2 3 - 5 7 o 4 

C E N T U R Y 31 

•OB BOOG ftt, REALTORS 

N E A H L A C K L A N D 
3 b e d r o o m to w n h o u se 
C e n t ra l a ir h eat a n d 
OPP Hance". SI6Q per m onth 474-5411 
R E D C A R P E T 
N ear La c kla n d nicely redecorated 
4 bedroom 2 bath. se p arate d ining with polio 3193 6/9 78o7 

N e a r S I M a r y 's U nive rsity, 2 b d rm cou p le , re fe re n c e s, oir, f eh IO 732 8*o5 
$16o. carp e t. 

N E J I C P , c e n tr a l sto rm , h u g e fenced ya rd tor att 3175 
United 735 91J1, tee <73o I) 
N C porn 
.1 I. den, carpeted, stove opes walk lo R egency. M a c A rth v a 1, ss ; 
____________________ 
N ice J B ed room 
I truth 
I fo r gu'r a g t' c a r p e t e d r o u s e rcrtrtg ted Im m ediate o ccup a ncy Sec 
8 wattom i 
W H E E L U S K E A L 
TY 674 1445 
N O C R E D IT N E E D E D ' y not own you own hom e ’ J 
SHK) dow n! f r o m 5149 per m o n'E 
927 17o* 
P A T M C V E Y 
*74 7323 
N o deposit ) bdrm . 2 bath, separate dining porch SISO 
United, 733 S ilt , tee (/SS 2) 
N O R T H E A S T 
J bedroom.1'"2 baths, fenced ond trees 324o m o 655 9798 offer 3 p m ___________________________ 
N ortheast I bedroom , i bath, la rge den, central arr ond heat 2 c ar gar age, carpet throughout, coll ofter 1 pm 653 4918_________________________ 
N orth Star. 3 b drm , c e n ira l air. den, appl, fenced 32oo 
United 733 9)2), fee (747 3) 
N O R T H S T A R M A L L , L im it v TTm broom tow nhouse, p riv a c y patio, all electric kitchen ail b ills Pd. 32)5 
M O R R IS RC A L I V 645 49#6 
H W 4 7 lT all built in s,"p lu s retrig, carpeted 325o 
United. 7)5 9121, tee (753 3) 
O a k H ills. 2 B d rm . I b oth. pool, cen tral arr-heat. couple and refer ences, 3)5o Jon 14, 7)2 8*o3 
O n ly hom e for lease in U n iv e rsity 
Oaks, 3-2-2. J M in to M edicat C om p ie * , o r U T S A , w a lk to g r a d e sc hoot 435o mo. plus D ep *9o-1o58 
(a y gftb I s l ) 
6 n Quiet Cut de soc, 3 J-2. carpet-, built ins, p riv a c y fence, nice v o id 
4)25 m o 4Ioo D ep 86o7 G len Nook 
C on be seen Sat ond Sun ow ner on p rem ies Take W ol/em R d to G I* 
M ont lo G len Trail to G len Nook c 
C all collect. 
1 336 244? 
B oe rn e 
XOS 
7T4— r u b R f ", 4 r o o m 'nous*:- furni»n 534 4 i Ie 

O W N T H IS B E A l J Y l F U L 
I ’ off 
H illcrest only 15oo dow n p a y m e n t! only 8159. N o cre d it? o K • 
J A ) 
*74 34o1 
A N Y T IM E 
F A R K V IL L A G E 
3 I I carpet fenced $)8o 
M O R R IS R E A L T Y 4 3 )4 9 9 * 

1o419 Perrin Bedel Rd 
Need responsible tenant, caretake r 
Sm a ll house on I t acre. 5IOO Pe m o Call W B heitter 341 9191 
Inc. 

R A N C H L A N D H IL L S 
L o v e ly 3 b ed roo m . ? both g ra n d ya rd with cove red polio intercom carpet, and central air heat N ear 
Oil shopping 324o per m onth 
C e n t u r y 21 
H A P K E S E R $13 411? A nytim e a V o v m V T T-TT T T r T e T T T n 
-;- trai a ir heat, carp et, e le ctric kit then, lau nd ry conn, p riv a c y fence water pd t29C 64) 45)1 

R E N T A L S 
W B H A N D L E 
Choice N E R e nta ls 
C om e See U t 
BUDDY DECKER 
o24 734), 1)24 AUStlh Hw y 
Se e th is 2 b d rm , h a s a ir , a p p l 

 f I N t i l M W ) 
W A N T A D 3 S S -1 6 o o 

 fenced, kid s pets O K 4145 
United. 733 9111, tee (731-2) 
Sin g le s w elcom ed, Y b d rm . N orth central fenced, H IO colt 
United. 733 O H I, tee (74o 2> 
5 T O F L O O K I N G ' C olt now tor igrge selection of 3 a nd 4 b edroom hom es to rent, lease with option to buy or own K n e e d fro m 42oo 36oo mo Cab til 11* M 
Exe tu tiye Real E s t a te 824 3343 
?oo § 'N L o o p 4)o 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths Stove refrig 
---------------- T O W N H O U it ----------------- 
3 2 2 garage , h as wetbar, to epigce. g a rd e n p atio oft b re a k fa st ro om 
H uge closets Foot. club, tennis 

T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartment Locators 826 3739 
W e stw ood 3 bdrm Fiat appl, air, 
•arpet, lust 8135 call, 
United 715 9)21. fee (798 I) 
TW T W " T r a v is a i P in to . T lo r g e bedroom duplex close to J b u s tines and school 344 /993. 

UNIQUE MARKETING PROGRAM 
PART TIME OR FULL TIME 

Local distributor tan make projected monthly gross revenue of $3432.oo port time with o prowled gloss profit of 33'A per cent (S1144 OO, estimated) for an estimated M O Hours of work per week Assume business responsibilities within 
6 to 8 weeks. Expansion to full time business within short time possible 
Presently we ore screening potential distributors for San Antonio 8 suburban areas 

OUR PRODUCT SELLS ITSELF 

Your function os a distributor is simply restocking and servicing retail store ac­ counts in shopping centers, malls ond commercial areas, which Kimberly Brooke initially will secure for you. Our Company's products are sold by employees of these retail stores so that >vU are not directly involved in sales. 

QUALIFICATIONS 

We require a minimum distributor ocauhitign cost of S829S.oLX You can unties our generous rebate program to rapidly recoup your distributorship acquisition cost or follow our planned expansion progrom to a full time business, lf you have 7-1o hours available weekly ond are sincerely interested in having a part time or full time business of youi own and you can meet these qualifications. 

CALL TOLL FREE 

M ONDAY, TUiSDAY, I W EDNESDAY ONLY, 9 A.M. lo S P.M. 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
BILL FORBES 
1-8oo-223-7595 
KIMBERLY BROOKE 

S U I T ! 9 5 o 

6 o S T H IR D A V E N U E , N E W Y O R K , N Y 1 o o 1 6 

U R WASH 
Nobile unit on truck chassis, self-cont­ ained to wash coes and trucks anyplace, anytime. 
Bony fleet customers. Good business. 

PASTRIES AND DOUGHNUTS 
Specialty bakery with multiple retail outlets, good going business with established customers, truck routes, equipment, inventory, ond skilled personnel. Some ownership for many yeors. Annual soles over $6oo,ooo 
LIQUOR STORE 
Partnership desolving, will sell business and inventory immediately or ofter Hew Year's. 

LIQUOR STORE 

One of the highest volume stores in the city Established over 3o yeors. 
Priced to sell. 
LAWN MOWER REPAIR 
Sales and service foe Toro, Snapper, 
Weedeater, Murray, Briggs S Stratton and other major lines of air cooled engines and mowers. 
Successful business. Owner will train. 
BUILDING PROOUaS 
Wholesale/Retail operation supplying commercial ond residential builders with locally manufactured products. 

ROOFING COMPANY 
Outstanding local operation grossing over VS minion dollars yearly, located 
Northside. tow price incluaes choice real estate 

BOOKS GALORE 
Always wanted to own your own bookstore? Here is o choice location with good financing available. 

BARBEQUE 
Southside. Beer, pool tables, party room. Real Estate may be purchased or leased with the business. 

ORIENTAL G in s 
Imported 
Ivory, 
Jode, porcelain, furniture ond gifts. Good location in mall. Owner will teoch purchaser the business. 

LADIES CLOTHING 
Beautiful retail store, Northside cen­ ter. mo|or brond nome apparel ond ac­ cessories Owner s health forces sole. 

BEAUTY SALON 
Award winning hair stylist will remain with shop, growing profitable business. 

PIZZA PARLOR 
Very successful business. 
Super location, one of a cham. 

OYSTER BAR 
Mixed drinks and limited menu food service 
Plush decor, finest equip­ ment. $11,ooo down. 

RIVER CLUB 
On the beautiful Son Antonio River. 
Smoll down payment puts you in business 

BEAUTY AIDS 
Own your own company distributing beauty aids through retail stores. In­ quire today. 

OIL COMPANY 
Distributor for specialty products sold to garages, cor dealers, fleets, etc. 
Many fleet customers. 

HOUSE PAINT STORE 
Local point ond wallpaper outlet. 
Death of owner forces sale. Sacrifice price. 

CAR LEASING COMPANY 
Franchised company with established offices in principal Texas cities. Owner retiring, will train. 

CHILDREN S CLOTHING 
Good established business for mature woman. One employee can operate 

COMPUTER COMPANY large duto processing compony with offices in San Antonio ond other mo|or cities. Specializing rn medical field. 

HONDA CYCLES 
America s leading brand Buy now and 

 toke advantage of the projected boom 

 in cycle sales 

ELECTRICAL MOTOR REWINDING 
Specializing in oil field and stationary electrical motor rewinding. 
Owner retiring, will teach the business to purchaser. $8,ooo down puts you in business. 

M A N Y OTHER LISTINGS AVAILABLE. 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4139 Gardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 78229 

696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

WHAT DO “YOU” REQUIRE 
FOR A BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN? 
I 
U Financial mdeptnrtonca with minimum risk? 
□ Dignified business important to your community? 
□ Protection, training and continuous help by National Com pany?? 
□ “Turn-Key" business with low overhead ond high profit? l f 
Ll Expansion opportunities with 6 figure potential? 
□ Participate in National growth of Holding Compony? 

Ll $I4,$(N> investment which includes operating capital? 
+ 
□ No rocks, selling, inventories, or get nth quick schemes? 

(.heck-Mate International, Inc is now expanding into 
SAN ANTONIO - AUSTIN 
» j * with o State Directorship available to qualified individual lf the above fill your l f 

)*■ requirements, coll collect or write JW Wintermote, Vice President, 214 233 

♦ 1723, 12/oo Polk Central Place, Suite 41o, P o Drawer 32, Dallas, Texas 7S252 * 

H x ^ u ^ C 
P C D C W xi>4 x ^ i B A 
N 
D 
E R 
A 
* 
DRIVE IN 
Would you like to own ond operate a profitable business located on Main street across from the fomous Cohere! Nightclub’ Plus 3 efficiency apts All this for $45,ooo, owner financed with 2o PCT, balance at 8 
PCT for TS years 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES 
2 very nice mosonerv buildings with 2oo ft. Main Street frontage, 576o sq ft. presently leased and operating os a furniture store Smoll building 1155 sq ft presently leased os business office. Exceptional value priced tight 
96 PLUS ACRES IDEAL RETIREMENT located 4'/> miles west on FN 1o77 in the beautiful Hill Countiy 3 stock tonks, abundance of game, owner fmonced with 2o PCT down Priced right 
LUXURIOUS MONTAGUE RANCH 
In the beautiful Mill Country located 3 miles N W of Bandera. Superb view 

 horn any point. Slocked 4o one toke and pool open to tend owners Restric­ tions foe those who desire the ultimate in living. 5 acre plus frocts 

($12) 796-8677 
(S12) 796-4$74 
ELSIE BROOKS SMITH, REALTOR 

D O N 'T R E A D 

T H I S A D 

L in ie r , y o u mean bus 

J M i cd plic on t ti in your or va to t'.rcomp a c o r k i n g pgrf o f olif N o tio n a l " P o s t ­ age Stam p '^D i :• tri tutor- 
•» ft i p sy ste m , Y o u are not a p p ly in g for a (ob* 
Y o u a r e a p p ly in g fof a very h igh p r o f i t bu s i ­ 

 n e w s of your o w n N O 

E X P E R I E N C E N E C E S - 
A R Y - N O S E L L I N G IN . 
V O L V E D. T h is , b u s i­ n e s s con be s t a r t e d part t i m e --no n e e d tm q uit y o u r lob. C an be e xpanded to f u l l time wi th com pany fin a n c in g , 
We need people we can d ep end on. Yo ur r o u t e w ill be e s t a b lished and in 5 t a l l e d by us, 
We p ro v id e com plete train­ 

 in g. 

I N V E S T M E N T 

R E Q U I R E D 

$ 3 , o o o - $ 9 , o o o 

 lf you Hovi.‘ a d a v its to o ffse t to d a ys in fla tio n with a d d itio n a l incom e, 

 se n d nam e, a d d re ss and phone num ber to: 

U . P . C . 
SUMTE n o 
1 7 2 o R E G A L R O W 
D A L L A S . T X 7 5 2 3 S 
( 2 1 4 ) ( > 3 o 6 5 2 5 . 

HOMES, RINI Pi SIU 

4ooWH! No down, $19 closes. 

North, Sooth, air, carpet, ap 

 ponces. EASY CREDIT! No pyfRt 

1st month FEDERAL PROPER 

TIES, 734-661S._________ 

412 ROOMS, FURNISHED 

 v e n v ir o n m e n t , fu ri.i-.n n a buts pct SISO m o 
HOO W 

 b e d io o m site hen sired Del I v ie * I blk 
349 7198 34? 6o>/ 

173**V Huisoclte 
St M a ry s 445 bills 

416 BOOMS WITH BOARD 

(Zoom with B o a rd , tor e ld e rly , flood m r o l ■ le o s o n o b t e ro te laundry done S3J 184o ot 66! J7/5 

SOI-BUSINESSOPPORTUNITIES 

 f 
A K E M O N E 
Y 
* * 
• 
Full Of port tim* catering Ie the 
J L traveling public Own 6 operate 
B your own map vending machine g Duuihm You be th# bass! Pro l f vtn high tamings con b# yours 
A L according to your Foresight and 
S ability 
Full d—tails furnished g upon request w 

* 

* 

BLK VFNDING 
SALIS CO. 
Suit# 2o1 
Milliwr Plaza Hotel 
W 
1933 M ain St., Codas, Texos 
JIL 
Attn: Glen Thomas 
(JL» qJlje «JL> 4jL» (jJU 
*1# mJL» ^1# wJm f-qph 

A C C O U N T IN G 
B U S IN E S S 
Excellent gro un d boor opportunity tor accountants desiring their own b usin e ss Can M r T h om as Toll F re e at 8oo 323 #ooo 
A N T I Q U E 
S H O P s a le at 
F o r w holesale p rice 144 *114 
B A R K E R S H O P in Jou rd an to n to” rent d ue to p re se n t b a rb e r g o in g into other b u sin e ss You can g o to 
City B orb er buoy for inform ation o r 
Con. 92? o398 
B E V O U K O W N B O S S N a m e b ran d 
$ e n ce Station with a d o rn in g 7 b e ­ droom hom e on a corner lot on B u ­ sin e s s I I I in S e g u in . Im m e d ia te p ossession of station O nly 417 4oo 
G E R O N IM O R E A L T Y . P O B o * 84. 
G uru lim o Tx 379-4115 or 371 6945 c 6 n T R A C ? O F F E R E D --------- 

W o n 
WORMS e w ers needed W e b o y oil you con raise Contort K B ee W orm f or rn 69* o8/2 

C O R N E R O f W E S T A V E 
A N & 
A L A M I T O V G o o d N S lo c a tio n , zoned retail, tots ol space 12oo m o 
347 o93J or 341 81)4 

COUNTRY CLUB AREA 
HildeO rond 2 hom es, toned B 2 
U se one tor business, set! one to move, hove own p a rk in g lot 
878o445 
714 1764 
714 4117 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
o r T v E - IN " < 5 r S C E i -Y - o n d G A S 
P le a sa n to n . I stop se rv ic e tor oil your needs, am ple p a rk in g next to tug high w ay S IM M O N S R E A L E S 
T A T E , Poteet I 74] 3)44. 341465) 

•Established Auto Sales* 
B u sin e ss ond P rop e rty Inclu d ed 
O n maiOf thoroughfare O n ly one Of its ' k in d In the city 
7 s e r v ic in g sh o ps. In c lu d in g bod y a n d p ain t 
O V E R IS S A L E S P E R M O ! M r Or- h i. 344 3471, Kites 341 19o1 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

 e s t a b l i s h e d B u s i n e s s rn Tar- ptev Se rvic e station, g ro c e ry , H y­ ing q uarte rs, cote, b ai recrea tio n c j't o f o ld s t o r a g e , m e c h a n ic s shed Approx I acre gro un d P rim e location N egotiab le term s, ow ner fin a n c e 
W o n to n R lty , 494-2823, 
342 4o)3 huisdera 796 32o3 

Eicellent Opportunity 
B a r b e r sh o o , lounge, c afe a n d ? apts All in I building All equip and furniture mr loded T e rm s or ow ner wilt carry. R E A L T O R S J I SSI I lutes 
654 o8/5 
Arthur E. BIARD 

BE YOUR 
OWN BOSS! 

OWN YOUR 
OWN BUSINESS! 

A W M A 
WESTERN AUTO 
ASSOCIATES 
STORE! 

In one of the foftowmR communities 

Poteet 

Sonora 
Charlotte 

Stanford 

Ow n your ow n business in o community where a Western 
Auto stere is needed and where tittie is a goad income poten­ tial far the investment. No ex. parlance necessary 
We train you. Minim um $2o,ooo cash in- vaslmant. 

Other locations available. Na franchise tao. For full details, mail this cee upon today. 

E. S. Ortega j Western Auto Supply Co. 
P. o. Box 1348 
Temple, Texas 76So1 
(817)773-o181 

I 
| SIMM. 

Oly. 

| tw t-x Fnf*rf*4- 

U T T o f t h e L o o m 

P A N T Y H O S E 

DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
Now Available 

Be in b u sin e ss for yo u rse lf 

 full o r p ort time. 

D IS T R IB U T O R N E E D E D 

N O W . To su p p ly a n d se r­ 

 vice c o m p a n y e stab lish e d 

 a cc o u n ts in this a re a of 

N o tio n a lly kn o w n “ Fruit of the 
L oo m 
P a n tyh o se at 

$1 O O retail. N o so ilin g or 

 soliciting. 
$ 3 , 9 9 5 OO mini m um investm ent. Free C red it 
E x p a n sio n Program . 

CALL AL YOUNG COlllCT 
( 3 1 4 ) 9 9 7 - 3 8 o 2 ar 

 w rit# including phono number, 

L A S Distiihuters, 43$ North 
Lindbergh. St. louis, Mo. 63141 

WHOLESALE DEALER 

WANTED 

$18oo MINIMUM INCOME 

GUARANTEED 

YOUR Is l MONTH IN IUSJNLSSM 

I, 
Proven fast selling low priced 

 products, direct from well rated 

 manufacturer ond imparter 

2 
Our tremendous 
National 
Growth requires new dealers at 

 once to handle toads of re 

 orders from actual cash ac­ 

 counts we tall foe you 

3. 
Port limo or fuN Tima. 

4. full personal training available 

 ai your arad. 

$. 
Company Guaranteed tales pro grams and financing of future 

 growth 

6 
$5,892 8o for inventory will put 

 you rn this business NOW! 
J. lf yeu ore able to start without 

 delay, phone (OuiCT TOI; 
MR. WILLIAMS 

36$/792-19oo, IO am ta 4 pm. 

 oe w a il oKioomc enOM no to 

COASTAL (OMMOOITKS CORP. 

3S1 S.W. 27fh Avenue 

Et. lauderdale, Fla 33312 

 fcxeiTING V S A V E l BU SIn e s s 
N O E X P E R I E N C i R E Q U I R E D 
C om plete !r a m in g *A b o v e a v e ra g e in c o rnv »F re # V a c a t io n ix N a t ia n w ide a nd W o rld w id e tost gro w tn « tra v e l o r g a n r ie iia n nee ds T r a v e l 
D ir e c t a r s 
M in im u m in v e st m e n t 
VIOO# ta 456o6, to set up ottice, m a ­ te rie ls, a d v e r t is in g a n d t r a in in g p ro g ra m 
Calf loll tree at 
127 o936 

 ixnatss n iw s 
W A N T A O 3 1$-1 AAA 

EXCLUSIVE 

Area and stole wide dis tnbutorship now available 

 for the first time on the most revolutionary new pro 

 duct to be intioduced in years. To qualify you mutt 

 be able to devote at least 8 to 12 hours per week, own automobile ond make an in­ itial cosh deposit of $5,ooo 
The product has thousands 

 of potential users in your cree 
It hot been field letted, widely accepted ond 

 corbet a fOOS mark up for more information and a per tonal interview cod oi write. 

Universal Cm Compactor 
129oo Pieston toad (§> LBJ 
N Dallas Bank Tower 
5uite 541 

Dallas, Texas 7523o 
(214) 38/132o 

F A N T A S T I C L O C A T I O N g S o n P e d ro a n d L o o o are a, beau b lo lly decorated restaurant, 44oo sa ft 734 27t| 

F in e s! N orth ea st C hild re n A p p a rel 
S h o p fa r in v e n t o ry a n d f ix t u r e s cast Watt established o ver I ye a rs with choice clientele 
655-2346. 
453-1111 

F O R 5 A L E 
B Y 
S M A L L 
B U S IN E S S 
A D M IN IS T R A T IO N 

P a rt of Lots 21.24,25. B lo ck 3o. N O B 
3485 Situated a1 
334 C A S T R O V IL L R O A D 
S A N A N T O N IO . T E X A S 
F o r further info coll 119 6194 f o r sale or lease ittlv Pleasanton 
R d m e ta l q u o n se t b u ild in g , b v ow ner #23 ??)8 

FUR SALE 
W o m a n ’* w h o le sa le clo th in g b u t i­ n e ** R e q u ire * i3,tka for inventory 
M e r c h a n d is e g u a r a n t e e d to se ll 
A c c o u n t * e st a b lish e d 
P a r t lim e u n iv C a ll toll fre e 1-88o 824-3128, extension 7$, a r write M r F re d Nm- ow, 4)o4 Sa M a in . Salt L o k o C liv , 
U tah 841o7 

H A IR S T Y L IN G S A L O N 
W all E stab lish e d b u sin e ss 
Coll M itta r R iv a *. 223 1158 

H I G H V O L U M E 
D ISC O U N T 
LIQUOR STORE 
L a r g e fre e st a n d in g o id u b ie n ly p a r k in g 
54oo OOO 6 y r . v o lu m e , 
428 SOO * y r n e t — m o r e it b u y e r w o rks a shift A lso nice office spar e 
E x c e lle n t e s t a b lis h e d lo c a tio n . 
425 OOO 4 inve nto ry at ro st E q u ip m ent book value. T e rm s o nd long lease to qualified buyer 
341 8246 
M r Kpn/ 

IN T E R E S T E D ... in sta rting your Own b u s in e ss? We b u rn ish m a n a g in g o n d m a rk e tin g e sp e rt is e o n d a s s is t in o b ta in in g capital T u rn key operation 9o d a y s 
Inform ation, cat! 684 S9o9 

IT I IA 8 V TO P U C C I A 
IX K R ISS N I W S 
W A N T AO 1 1$ 1644 

INVESTIGATE TODAY 

WHITE AUTO STORE 

FRANCHISE 
Own your own business with the protection of a large chain organization behind you. 
We guide you on the road to success - experience not necessary. 

B ro a d lines o f h ard w a re, tools, sp o rtin g g o o d s, 

 h o u se w a re s, a pp lia nces, 

 electronics, tires, batteries, 

 a u to ports a n d a cc e sso rie s 

 a v a ila b le to yo u from te n trolly lo cated distribution 

 centers. 
No franchise fee or override on sales. 
Investment 
$3o,ooo and up, depen­ ding on size town you select. 
Towns available in 
ALABAMA, 
ARIZONA, 
ARKANSAS, 
FLORIDA, 
GEORGIA, 
KENTUCKY, 
LOUISIANA, 
MISSISSIPPI, 
NEW MEXICO, OKLAHO­ 
MA, NORTH CAROLINA, 
SOUTH CAROLINA, TEN­ 
NESSEE, 
TEXAS 
& VIR­ 
GINIA. 

W e w o u ld like the o p ­ 

 portunity to send yo u o n e o f 

 o u r free b ro c h u re s at n o obligatio n . 

WRIT! OR CALL 

J o h n P h i ll ip s 

W H IT E A U T O S T O R E S 
P . O . B o x 3 1 o o 

L u f k in , T e x a s 7 5 9 o 1 

Ph. (A G 713) 632-4471 

FANTASTIC 
BUSINESS 
NfVER BEFORE OFFERED 
NO COMPETITION 
SENSATIONAL NEW CONCEPT 
OF PROVEN PRODUCT 
ALMOST NO WORK INVOLVED, 
PART OR FULL TIME 
ABSOLUTELY 
NO SELLING 
No Experience Netesscry. We need sincere people in your aren who wish to earn LARGE INCOME. This Is 
NO! Vending or Racks. BUT A SOLID 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY. Ideol fami­ ly Business 
Cosh Investment of 
>4,995oo required NO FEES. For confidential interview in your orea 
— Writ# todoy ond include your phone number 

W O R L D C O 
INTERNATIONAL 

Empire Centro! Bldg 
77o! North Stemmons Frwy 
Suite 7o6 
Dallas, Texas 75247 or Coil (214) 634 783o 

LADIES CLOTHING 
G oin g business, m good N W location 
O w iii’r m ust sell E xce lle n t oppor tunitv tor right b u v e r Coll O w en s 
R E A L T O R j49 ll ? ) bites 826 5463 
Arthur E. BIARD 

I A R C E G R O C E R Y S T O R R a m 
S e rv ic e Slo t on O w n e r fin a n c e d p riced to sell 
Dick f Gutsy Heal Estate 
K o rn e s City, T e xas 

D I R E C T 
C O M P A N Y 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 

PROFIT 
MARK-UP 1oo% 
VERY HIGH 
VOLUME 
BUSINESS 

Comp,my m arketing direct from National Manufacturer with 1*> year record o! su cce ss in cl t B ILLIO N dollar industry seeks local distributor 
NO SELLING' 
ACCOUNTS SECURED 
BY COMPANY 
HUNDREDS — 
AVAILABLE IN THIS 
AREA 

Y o u m.iy visit the factory and talk lo Our D istrib u to rs 

IMMEDIATE INCOME 
WITH MONEY BACK 
RE PURCHASE 
AGREEMENT 

Men or Women, full or part time This is not a franchise 

CASH REQUIRED. 
S425o 

 f or bee brochure call 
1 #oo-64 I SVU) (loll tree anytime) or send Name 
A ddress and Telephone 
Number lo 

W E L C O IN C 
5 'o P la z a W e st B u ild in g 
Little R o c k A r k a n s a s 
72 2o 5 

REGISTER 
NOW FOR 
JAN.I 7TH 

Entrance Oate 
MEDICAL 
ASSISTANT COURSE including 
Post 
Surgical 
Care, EKG (etc.) 
A LSO 
MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST 
MEDICAL SECRETARIAL 
NURSES AIDE/ORDERLY 

 j RASIC GRANTS ARI »V»fUBu"| 

CALL NO W 
2 2 4 - 9 2 8 6 
CBM EDUCATION 
CENTER 
1121 NAVARRO 

■HALLMARK 
AERO - T E C H ^ _ 

B E C O M E A L IC E N S E D 
A V I A T I O N T E C H N I C I A N 

• Approved for Veterans 
• Accredited MATTS Institution 
• FAA Approved 
• Courses in Anfrome and Powerplant 
• Quality tor FAA A&P license 
• Course Durohon I? Months 
• Job Placement Assistnnce 

N e w C L A SS 
B eginning Awn. J Tit 

V IS lr O ft C A II 
H A L L M A R K A I R O T E C H 
113o 99th St., Stinion Field 
San Antonio, Texas 78214 
9 2 4 - 8 5 5 1 

- - . E 
M 
R 

^ k 
% 
> 
! 
M S B F 3 • M o 
'JsaSjf* « ♦ m , 

 i T ll« 

ENROLL NO W 
CLASSIS NOW FORMING 
• N u rse * Aide 
• M a le O rderly 
M e d ical A***. 
Lab. Asst. 
A p p ro v e d fpr 
(legible V e te ran s 
• (legible for 8asic r" " o n 
Job Placem en t A ssistan ce 
'o r In form ation call 
S .W . S c h o o l o f 
M e d ic a l A s s is Y a n ts 
2 2 4 -2 2 9 6 
115 B ro a d w a y 

V eteron In q u irie s W elcom e 
Texas Vocational School 
19)3 b.F lo re s 
225 3253 

6o1 • PROFESSIONAL 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n 8. B r o d s t r c e t s a y * 'C o i n 
O p erated L a u n d r y and D r y C lean m g Stores o rc one of two ind u strie s with the leas* failure figure s 
K W r lC K 
W A S H c o in o p e r a t e d la u nd ry o nd d ry cleaning test stores tor sale 
W E H A V E choice la u nd ry locations in e very part ot So n Antonio ready to build now 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For inform ation ca'! E d F lo yd 
5 1 7 684 377 1 o r v is it O u r w a r c h o u s e s h o w r o o m at ">>o3 J o c k wood San Antonio, Tx 78338 
Fo rd C o m m e rcia l Soles Inc. 
The W orld s L a rge st 
Speed Q ueen D istrib u to r 
P R O G R E S S I V E F L O O R C O V E R 
IN G C O , C a t e r s to p r e s t ig io u s clientele • O w n e r financed - Alice. 
Texas. 
M A V IS 
C A U L E Y 
R E A L T Y , 
512-664-2138 
R E O W O R M S , c o m p a r e p r ic e s before you b uy B uy bock contract time p aym en ts pion on a I bed 8x3 ft., 5o,ooo w o rm s to o 6 bed ope ra bon; a lso h arv e st m a ch in e s a v a ila ­ ble. T h o m a s A rnold, 64o/ O risk a n y , 
Sa n Antonio, T x 78247 51? 656 oo16 
R iv e r R e sta u ra n t L e o se fo r sole. 
Coll 826 8912 o r 828 SOD offer 5 P M 
T H R O P H Y ond E N G R A V IN G 
Com plete store a nd T rain in g 
23 y e a rs e xperience 
Coll or w rite about this footnoting a n d profitable b u sin e ss 
A m e ric a n A w a rd s, Inc. 
374o M a n o r Lan e 
D ick in so n , T X 77539 
713 337-3129 
Tire shoo tor rent, con be used 'o r u p h o ls t e r y o r b o d y s h o o 
3o1 
F re d e ric k sb u rg R d 
______________ 
14 U N IT M O T E L k it c h e n e t t e s 
P lu sh f u rn is h in g s E x c e lle n t loco lion. 4 br.-3 bath, h y in g Q u a rte rs 
575,ooo year potential. $2o,ooo dow n 
671 5777 344 3*33 

1 78o 26oo 
78o 2397 
L a u n d r o m a t fo r sa le . O r o * * 
528,ooo G reat location. 36 w ash e r*, 
18 d ryer*. Colt now ! 484o317 or 
432 4455 
L A U N D R O M A T with 
M O B IL E 
H O M E 
4)o,ooo gro ss, over 4)1,ooo net with h ig h e r net p o t e n t ia l, it o w n e r h e a lth y S t r o n g a n d ste a d y u se r trode p iu s h ospital contract 
14**5 
Lam p ligh te r, o ere lot, in sm a ll town near A u stin 
Calloway Crews, Broker 
I 2*8 9241, K y le Tx 78*4o 
M I N I A T U R E G O L F C O U R S E S e a rn 118.ooo * 21,ooo In sta lle d out d oo r* or ind o o rs P ric e d at 49,ooo 
E xcellent fin a n c in g L O M M A E N 
T E R P R I 5 E S , IN C . S c ra n to n , P o 
184o) Tel (717)346 4559_____________ 
DMC,bile H o m e P o rk and L o u n g e * 
P ric e reduced tor quick sole due to 
Cosin e ss interest elsew here bv out ot state o w n e rs inclu d es 25oo sa tt, fu lly e q u ip p e d lo u n g e . 26 sp o c c s w ith p a d s, to w itho u t c o d s, and own water system , all situated on 43 oak studded a cres, fronting IM 35N w ith v ie w ot N E S o n A n t o n io 
A v o (able with o n ly 15 a c re s it de sired Jim B ru n so n R e alty 651 474o 
N ile s I 6258147 
M O n T y M A K I N G B A R B E R S H O P 
9o7 3 B R A Z O S 

’’M O N E Y " 
W e a re now se e king a loco! Dealer w ho is interested in the p ossibility of m a kin g 53o.ooo p lu s per ve or 
The tennis m arket is wide open Let us sh o w y o u w h a t o u r e s t a b lis h e d d e a 'e rs are d o in g ' Invest 59,7oo to 
SIO OOO (IOO in v e n o ry ) 
F o r mort* in fo rm a tio n o r a p p o in tm e n t, ro il 
M r 
M a rtin (SOI >48* J4I1 or w rite 
141 W 226o bo ball L a k e City. Ut 
84115 

MOTEL LISTINGS 
W e N eed M o te l listin g s, we h ave rea d y b u y e rs Wit tun ITS m i ot ban 
A ntonio H O B IN C . Coft A N 
M a r roo 494 341#, 342 718o or w rite 16oo1 bon Pedro, S A T x 78216 M B G Real 
E state 

N E E D M a tu r# m en and w om en tor p art lim * b u sin e ss Call 658 o278 No phone in le rv i r w i W 

N O R T H S ID E F O O D M A R K E T 
E sta b lish e d 18 y e a rs 
G o a d m o n e y m a s s r fo r so m e o n e w ho w an ts to w ork. Illn e ss fo rce s 
Soto! Colt 734-318) for inform ation 
N orth side L o u n g e for rent turn 526o m o 2717 B la n c o R d 226 779o 

OFFICE BUILDING 
3.4oo sa HT, la rge p g rk m g central air, heal, m u st see 
828 644$ 
714 1744 
534 4439 
W A T b O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
O p e 'a tin g R e sta u ra n t b u sin e ss or equipm ent tor sole ??4 7775 

O w n Y o u r O w n B u s in e s s 1 W hite 
Auto Stores, 391o Field R d , W ichita 
F Oils, T X Coll (817) 692 341o_______ 
P io n " a nd girt shop, northeast, stack a nd fixtures under 55.ooo take Ove* leose on 9oo sa ti 65$ 5684 655 4822 
Offer 6 

W E B U Y 
B u sin e sse s a n d in ve nto rie s 
J K A H N A A S S O C 347 4827 

WORMS 
W e buy w o rm s under co n tra c t 
W o rm g ro w e rs needed 
517 653 SU O 
W O R M E N T E R P R I S E S 

 bo4 MONEY TO LEND 

B U S I N E S S L O A N S a v a ila b le tor a n y p urp ose. S2ooo to 51o m illion 
Coll R H o le k a m o (512) #95 2186 or write P Q Box 276 Com fort. T * 78o) 3 
B u sin e ss L o a n s in any a m ou nt tor 
C on stru ctio n , V en ture , etc 
L u fk in 
B ro k e rs, 715 L a z y Lane. Suite 325 
Lufkin. T X 739o1 
B u sin e ss, p e rs o n a l or re o l estate loons. IQom 4pm toll 227 161o 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
W e specialize in the p u rc h a se of 
•Chattel or R e o l E state N otes 
• F in a n c ia l L e a sin g 
•F ac to rin g A cco un ts R e ce iva b le 
IN Q U IR E A T 226-o314 
1118 N S C B ld g ________ Son A ntonie 
F IN A N C IN G 
W e f in a n c e a n y o n e s e t tin g s e r v ic e s in sta llm e n ts, N o c o n tr a c t s rejected Toll F re e (8oo)821 2157 
H IG H L A N D P A R K S T A I E B A N K 
The bonk with m ore tim e for you! 
H igh la nd of H a c k b e rry 322 3111 

M O N E Y A V A I L A B L E 
F O R 
B u s in e s s e xpa n sion W o r k i 
C ap ita l a n d Start up 
R e a l E sta te p rotect* of oh k in d s H ealth C o 
Facilities. 
M in im u m fu nd in g 
125,ooo 
($17) 344 SStl O ' 344-4371 
M A G R A N E & A S S O C IA T E 
S IS G P M South Tow er 
_______ bon Antonio. T X 78216 
N E E D C A S H ? ? 
B U T H A V E N O C R E D I T ’ ? ? 
Call U nion Fin an ce 221-6871 
S M A L L H O N O R L O A N S 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 

M o sf of the better, higher paying jobs are not advertised. 
H aldane can show you how to find these jobs and how to get the interviews. Send your resume today or call now for a no cost or obligation interview. 

Not a placement agency* 

H ■ 
* j D e m o t d 
I fakiasw 
Sxrx-x- Na? osso cio tes 

TH# only notiono! lob counseling and career management service 

San Antonio 
Century Stoq 84 lf I loop AIQ 
Dept I ,$12136? J !** 
San Antonio. Icxo. 78/16 

Also Dallas ond Houston 
(able FXKUTIkf ftogionot offices, loston (hitoqo 
Cleveland Dallas Detroit houston las Angeles San Francisco lompo 
New Torii Fhitodtlphia Washington 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted on the premise that fobs of 
Feted will be filed on the bows of rn.- it without discrimination becouse of se< unless the |ob is a bonotitie oc­ cupational qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES lh# Son Antonio frivol* Lmployment 
Association has a ngid (ode of IthKS to which oil its private employment ogency members subscribe 
For m foimohon about private employment fluencies, or action on complaints, call 
Z/4 71o? at the letter 
Bestness 
Bureau 

A C C O U N T A N T 
Hosp. e xp to trom with com ptroller, a d va n ce to $18,ooo in one step, borts ♦ 
112,ooo Coll D e an R o ss 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G <* S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo y m e n t Service, 9* G ill R o 

J U S T P R O M IS E T O P A Y 
A A A C R E O IT _______________ 223 6749 
Starting, expan ding, intan gible oe c ou nts re c e iv a b le c o sh a v a ila b le tor th e ** a n d other m o ne y nee ds 
Coll *73-88$/ now 
W H E N T H E B A N K S A Y S N O ) 
W E S A Y G O 
43o,ooo up 349 6421 

512 • INS I ROC I IONS 

D A Y A N IT E C L A S S E S 
In all B u sin e ss C o u rse s o n d D ra ttin g 
Vet A p p ro v e d E n ro ll Now 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
IQS S A N P E D R O 
224 54o1 
F in ish H igh School at H om e 
D ip lo m a a w a r d e d . 
F o r tre e b ro c h u re , c o ll A m e r ic a n Sc h o o l. tool tree 
I 8oo 671 8318 

 l e a r n f l o r a l d e s i g n i n g 
...Four w eek c ou rse 
W rite tor b ro ­ chure W A L L A N D E R S C H O O L O F 
F L O R A L D E S IG N , IN C , P O B o x lit *, W ichita Fo il*. T X 763o7 le a r n P ro fe ssio n a l B A R T E N D IN G o nd b a r M A N A G E M E N T , a w o rld ­ wide p rofe ssio n Job * in d em a nd in clu bs and re sta u ra n t* for m en and w om en 
B R O T H E R H O O D S C H O O L O F 
BARTENDING 
A T e xas Certified Trode School offering free lob a ssista n c e o nd V A d iscounts Coll now 
349 26o1 or 92) 953/ 
1o15 J A C K S O N K E L L E R Suite 2o7 
New ( lo sse s txrqin Jan IO 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
67o8 y r lores________________v?4 388o 
Sdcuritv Officer Training 
State a p p rove d ( lo sse s b egin n in g IO 
Jan D a y and night c la sse s C o u rse is re q u ire d by state tow tor h a n d gun a rm e d officer*. C o u rse is open to a n y o n e in te re ste d In s e c u r it y w o rk 
C o ll 273 183o, lO o m 3pm . 
A m e ric a n 
A ca d e m y ol 
P riv a te 
Police 

CHEMISTS jWe ore se e king che m ists for 2 posi klans w ntrh will be a vailable soon in lour o rganic c h e m istry la b o ra to ry 
O n e r e q u ir e s a B S d e g r e e in 
[ch em istry w ith little c r no e xp o r hence The second req u .re s a M S in 
|gonic c h e m is t r y O ' a B S w ith 
[considerable expe rie nce in o rgan ic systh e sis 
P le a s e c a ll P e r s o n n e l M g r at 
674 141o fo r f u rt h e r in fo r m a t io n 
Southw est Fou nd ation tor R e se a rc h a nd E du ca tio n 
E q u a l opp o»tun ny 
E m p lo y e r ■ 

E X E C U T I V E D I R E C T O R 
P re fe r health agen cy b a c k g ro u n d and or c o lle g e d e g r e e 
C a p a b l e o f a d m in istration ol start K n o w le d ge ol Fe d eral g ra n ts and fund r a isin g m o st helpful B ilin g u a l helpful. Im ­ m ediate opening. Send re su m e ond sa la ry req uirem ent to 
E X P R E S S N E W S S O X 52o2 
S A N A N T O N IO , T X 78297 
E xe c u tive D ire c to r H o u se P a re n ts 
M a rrie d couple S8oo mth R e q u ire * 
B A with 3 y r * e xp or M a ste rs. Also, w eekend housepcirent* needed B u rh e to rs req w ith 2 y r * e xp 
54oo mth 27G27S7 

412.ooo E xe c u tive T rain ee Degree 
R e s u m e ! 
In t e r n a t io n a l 
C a ' 
F r in g e * ! J o h n H a m p to n 923 436< 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Job*. South P la ce m en t Se rvic e 
<P tf i^ rH iu auf tto ch e f ff'd cd M y rrh *iq s Only, 5 day 
A pply at 5oo? N orthw est Loop JIO 
E X P 
M A N A G E R for c h i ld T a r e center Fo r appt cpu *9 t 5*77 
IN T E R IO R 
D E C O R A T O R S 
TO 
SISK , f e e negotiable F a n ta stic new co net o s your talent 684 8689 
F IN N E Y $ A sso ciate s P e rso n n e l 
C onsultant* 5835 C ollu u ho n N oJ?5 

I N T E R I O R D E S I G N E R 
B x D P ? ie n c e d w ith h io h s o l e * v o lu m e b a c kgro u n d 
A p p ly C entral 
P o t . 
Interior*. 
__________ 

J O B H U N T I N G ’ S U 4*5.ooo B e r n e r d H a ld a n e A A s s o c 
( 5 1 2 ) 
342 J U S 
S in c e placem ent o gen cy 
1947. 
N o t a 

 t 

o2827698 

^ 

Son Antonia EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I977 

* ‘V - 
51*11 •**■ * 
* t m 
I 
* mm' m 
* * ; ' ■'™ 

C 

*"""-""ewreaw^wBa»BWBBemamwx*aB«aiewi^ 
EMPLOYMENT 
J M l j 

C n w s s io m l ( 6 o j ) ( professional 
} ( 6 o i j ( ptonssiONAi D 
® 

PROOF READERS 

W e have an im m ediate need fo r p ro o f readers in our 

 editorial and processing unit. Prefer applican ts w ith a 

 m ajor in journalism , plus a strong ca p a b ility in English 

 gram m ar. Related experience in print shop or cold 

 type setting activities w ould be helpful. S a la ry w ill be 

 based on experience and training. 

# 
★ Advancement Opportunities 

★ Excellent Employee Benefits 

For Personal Interview, Please Call 684-5111, Ext. 2253 

SOUTHWEST RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
85oo Culebra Rd. 

A n Equal O pportunity Em ployer 

MECHANICAL ENGINEERS 

Michelin. the world leader in radial tires, is seeking engineers for its expanding U S. operations. 

Positions will involve job simplification, plant layout, design and implementation of new methods, work method analysis and determination of production standards. 
Successful applicants should have a BSM E with strong background in mathematics and blueprint reading A six to nine month training program will prepare them for their career. 

Openings also exist for positions in machine design and all levels of maintenance supervision 

Michelin offers attractive compensation and a full range of benefits. 

Our representative will be in this area to conduct local interviews for qualified applicants. Send your resume, salary history and a description of your job objectives to: 
MICHELIN 
Michelin Tire Corporation 
Manufacturing Division 
Department RVDU 
P. O. Box 2846 
Greenville, S.C. 296o2 

An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F 

PACKAGING ENGINEER 

A challenging portion with growth opportunity exists in a dynamic pharmaceutical company for an action-oriented, career-minded individual. This position is in our Package 
Design and Development Section. The successful applicant must have a Science or Engineering degree with several years of applicable experience. 

Alcoa offers excellent working conditions and employee benefits including free employee life and medical care in­ surance, os well os an excellent profit sharing program. 
Send resume in confidence to: 
T.A. Gisi 
Alcon Laboratories/ Inc. 
P.O. Box 1959, Fort Worth, TX 761o1 

C A U J O H N V E S T 

B.S.M.I. 

 legreed. 
1-3 years ex pf., mechanic supvr, project engr. 
Grow to plant engr.. Plant mgmt., - $13 - HK, fee pd. 

B.S.E.E. 

I - 5 yrs. expr., elec & mech. 
Main! supvr., growth oppty • To SHK, fee pd. 

B.S.M.E. 

Expr'd in electro-mech. hi speed production, 
Q.C knowl­ edge— S16K - 18K, fee pd. 

MGMT. TRAINEES 

Be store mgr. I 'A yrs., learn total opn. - MOO • 6So. 

WAREHOUSE 

Expr. as stockman & commercial, delivery license req'd. $8oo mo. 

826-9671 

2446 Cee Gee St. 

Locke 

Employment Service 

C 
PtOKSSlOMAL f 
PROFESSION Al 
1 ( 6 o ? 
B——mmmmmmmmmmmmmmeammmnrndr reREHXRRi^ reb i mw ■ 
'n——imgmmmmmwpm JBRBRR& 

DRILLING FLUIDS 
TECHNICIAN 
M/F 
(MUST BE OVER 21) 

FOR SCHOOL BBGINNING IN 

MARCH, 1977 

Consider a career in one o f the healthiest in­ dustries in the w orld today — the oil industry. 

M inim um 
High 
School diplom a or 
(OED) equivalence required. Rig experien ce p re fe r, red but not required. Must enjoy on-Che-go outdoer w orld Must bo w illing to relocate. W ill w ork 7 days per w eek and be on 24 hour call. 
M ust be mature and able to w ork in­ dependently. 

The Drilling Fluids Technician m akes d aily w e ll­ site analysis of mud properties b y both chemical and mechanical checks; interprets w ell conditions and com plications; recom m ends additives to maintain the mud system . 

IMCO SERVICES, A Division o f HALLIBURTON 
Com pany, is o rapidly expanding m ajor m anufacturer and supplier of drilling fluids to the oil industry. H eadquartered in Houston, 
Toxos, IMCO SERVICES m aintains product in­ ventories end associated service capabilities in oil m ajor oil field drilling sites throughout tho w orld. 

W a provide a 13 w eek training program , com ­ prehensive 
Com pony benefits, com petitive salaries. Com pony car for business use, and expanse account. 

Call for an appointm ent January IO, 8 A .M .-1 1 

LYNN BERRY 
(512) 225-2581 

IMCO SERVICES 

A Division ii* M A U I B U R T O N Company 

Un* ’ T rio s • Hr.-m tnn t.-vas 77o27 

''2 2 Sr*” I -ittifli(6- 
QUICK RESULTS! 
WITHOUT 
KATI CHANGE 

PROGRAMMER 

* Core cr Opportunity 

A Health insurance 

★ Vacation 

* R m tlrom m nt 

A Sick Leave 

♦ F r e e P a r k in g 

S alary Range 
$ 9 5 3 o to 
$ 1 3 7 7 2 
A nn ually. 
M ust have knowledge o f Century Series. N e a t 3 and C o b o l languages with a M inim um o f tw o years site experience. 

A p p ly in person to 

TEXAS EMPLOYMENT COMMISSION 

4o6 South M ein 

135 South Park M all 

1o IS Jackson K eller 

AC IMW toy employer 

 teachers 
EFL/ESL 
INSTRUCTORS 
IRAN 

Immediot* and future openings for persons certified and experienced In lEFl/TESl Should hove fngWi as o notne language and overseas TEFL/ 
TESI expender. Attractive salary, overseas allowance and benefit package. 

Far an Interview rn tile arca in the near future, please send up-to-date resume or letter detailing your quo- liixatloiB end the name of this newspaper to; 

P.O. BOX 2o15 
Oak PoA, Illinois 6o6o3 
An tweet Oppertsmtty implorer 

 en epeei opportunity employer M f 

CIVIL ENGINEERS 
* 
. 
SALARIES TO $ 3 o ,o o o 
«JC 
PLUS EQUITY POSSIBILITIES 
4 ( r 
NHO 3. S iM O W ttl SHOAIISI. IO rift. EXbtblEMU. REGISTIKO DEVELOP 
T 
A f Mf NT SH Cl Al IST, SIT! SUtVEY, ROADS, ORA,NAGL Si IN AGL FTC DESIGN 
-B f 
P 
OHARTMINT HEAD, PKVIOUS EXPERIENCE WITH A CONSULTING ENGINEER 
^ 
A f 
ING FIRM A MUST. COMMERCIAL BUILDING DESIGN, REGISTERED 
A t 

£ 
CALL R O N . 
^ 
* 
ASS’T PLANT MGR. 
* i f 
TO 
$16K 
J t 
* 
EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY FOR ADVANCEMENT FOR DE ORE CO fLRSON WITH I 
^ 

M 
I VIS EXPERIENCE IN ANY TTP! Of tRODUCTION Ii LINGUAL A FLUS 
M 

^ 
CALL 
D A V E r 
M 
PROFESSIONAL-EXEC UTI VI CONSLTS. 
± 
^ 
51 2-73 6-22 63 
^ 

^ 
DALLAS, H O U S T O N , C H AR LO TT E 
U 

^ 
ALL EM PLO YER FEE PAID P O S IT IO N S 
^ 

TOOL ENGINEER and 
N/C PROGRAMMER 
Immediate openings in Houston, Term lot experienced tool engineer to design and detoil jigs, futures, cutting took and special toolings far manufacturer of small precision air tod components Experience la making lay on Is for automatic and semi outomrHc turning machines and lunet drilling mot tuner required Must be able to troubleshoot monufotiurmg problems throughout the shop, N/C pip glomming experience required Submit resumes, in confidence, indicotmg salary requirements to 
Mrs. Pat Palmar 
AIR TOOL OPERATIONS 
DRESSER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
POST OFFICE BOX 4o43o 
HOUSTON, TX 77o4o 
(713) 462-4521 an equal opportunity employer m /l 

TEACHERS 

WANTED 

Port time position, evening work 
3 S nights pct week Pieterred background in psychology, drome, english, or reading No sales invoked but must hove high motivational abilities and will walk with limited supervision SI OO per hoot Coll the UNITED STATU READING IAI r.presentohve OI (SU) 372 3311 on Munday, ionuory IF for the 
Seguin position, at (112) 773- 
9531 on fndoy, ionuory 14 tor the (ogle Pos* position, at ($12) 
392-3311 en Today, iomioiy 14 for the New Braunfels position, between 12 noon and 3 p m wily on those days toted Cath will not be considered at any other time 

BUSINESS MANAGER 

Wanted for m edical dim e 

 and social service center. 

Business degree, accounting, 

 and adm inistration bac­ 

 kground preferred 

San Antonio fre e Clink 

 ll3 6 Wast Woodlawn 

San Antonio, Tx 782o1 tqiml Opportunity Employer 

USAT TV 
Is now accepting application* tor on 
A D V E R T IS IN G ANO 
PRO M O TIO N M A N A G E R equal opportunity em ployer M V 
MT N A G I A TR A IN E i t grow th o p p o rtu n ity lo le a rn end eorn for recent college grpd. S/oo mo. F ee nego- 
826-9671 
2446 Cee gee 
LO C K E E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 

WE NEED AN 

ART DIRECTOR NOW! 

Experienced graphic de­ signer for commercial TV station Please send resume, immediately, to: 

Express-New* Box 7695 
Son Antonio, TX 78291 

 n^Wn^jween ny ■! 

MGMT TRAINEES 
Be store m gr V Y yrs, leorn total operation. WX)CSC Coll John Vest 
826-9671 
2446 C e e g e e 
LO C K E E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 

Mkt Research to S14K 
Vie 9J? 2711 1233 $W M illto rv 
Job Experts. Inc Ptocem eni Ser 

OPTICIAN 
D IS P E N S IN G O N L Y 
[Excellent opportu nity tor care e r opttiion to m anage un it 4o hour week. lo p s a la ry , in c e n tiv e and bonus C o m p reh en sive in su ran ce and retirem ent plan C a ll Cole No­ tional Corp. 278 4168 (except Wed| nesdays). 
Equal opportunity employer 
P a rt tim e p u b lication s w ork edi- tor w rltc r, c o m p o sitio n , la y o u t pasteup tor m agoxine. newsletter news releases. H ours va ry. Send am plication lo E x p re ss News Box 
_ pre! 
76 Son Antonio 78297 

Professional Executive 
Consultants Int'I 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IM IO. Suite 44o 
SIJ 716-22*1 

P ro g ra m m e r A n a ly s t 
I 2 years experien ce in p ro g ram m in g on IB M 36o 37o 
D e g re e p re fe rre d but e q u iv a le n t exp e r ience can be su b stitu te d Know ledge of C O M A L re q u ire d ACC 
OS VSI or CICS experience helpful 
UT H E A L T H SC IE N C E C E tJT E R 
77o3 F L O Y D C u rl D r Son Antonio, 
Tx Equal Opportunity Em ploye 
P R O G R A M M E R S 6 O P E R A T O R S 
Some P E E P A ID ! Lo ca l com paa ie* Need now Colt Am ve e8*4kxio. 
F IN N E Y 6 Associates Personnel 
Consultants S83S Callaghan N o m 

S A L E S T R A I N E E 

Large wholesale distributor of fin e p rin tin g p a p e rs to com m e rcia i and p riv a te p rin tin g plants has opening tor col lear graduate to train rn alf phases al 
Ine paper business. M arketing th ru d ire c t a n d p ro m o tio n a l so le s P la n t lo c a tio n s in pl! m otor T exas cities. E xce lle n t opportunity for h a rd w orking ambltlouk person looking tor o c a re e r th o r o tte r s g re a t re w a rd s C o m p le te tra in in g with salary Send com plete re sume to E egress Box 7685. ban 
Antonio, TX 71297 

SP ASSO CIATES Professional 
Employment Consultants 
828 5>7| 
TWO P ip IO W 
ST A F F ACCOUNTANT Soonish apeak mo C P A candidate, exc future with professional firm 
S U OOO COH Phil A rroyo 737 77*1 
SNELLING 4 SNELLING 
Em ploym ent Service, 9* GiH Rd 
Teacher* at oil levels 
Foreign ond Dom estic Teachers 
Box 1o*3 Vancouver WA 866*o 

 lf * EAST TO FIACI A 
11 ext ss Mtws 
WANT AO 118-1*6* 

TEACHERS! speciaiitine In teacher placemen! 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S E R V IC E 
1o7 JA C K S O N -K B L L C R 
*2*12*1 

• CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS ENGINEER 
M a y be recent C L or 
General Engineer graduate 

• CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS TECHNICIANS 
Experienced or trainee with some related college background 
Immediate openings for personnel. Free medical ond life insurance, vocation and annual bonus. Salary com­ mensurate with background. 
RABA ENGINEERS, INC. 
1o526 Gulfdale 
Son Antonio, Texas 
(512) 342-4216 

COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR 

Sharp, activist person w ith com m unications skills and interest in m inority political developm ent to run small comm unications departm ent for civil rights organization. M ust be bilingual. 

Send Resume To: 
Southwest Voter Registration 
Education Project 
P.O. Box 337 
San Antonio, Tx. 78292 

Equal O p po rtu n ity Employer 

JR. ESTIMATOR 

Capoble of making complete quantity surveys. Will Eye 

 responsible for shop drawings, subcontractor ond architect 

 relations. This job is in the mom office Send resume or con­ 

 tact-. 

FAULKNER CONSTRUCTION CO. 
P.O. BOX 722 
AUSTIN, TX. 78767 

E Q U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y E M P L O Y E R 

Best Opportunity in 1977 
RETAIL MANAGERS & BUYERS 

I Must have recent retail experience a* manager or buyer j ar assistant manager or aeaiatant buyer rn lathes , men'*, children * w ear fabric*, linen* shoe*: drug* 
Good pay. good bonus, good benefit* Closed Sunday*, reasonable hour*, live in San Antonio or Austin Call or | write Mr Brenner or Mr. Grimm for confidential ap 
I pointmen! 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
118 Seiedod, Son Antonio 782o5, 512-225-7163 

SAUS 

CAREER SALES 
OPPORTUNITY 

A p a l l m m O se to tepr» n m av to 

SAUS 

 ana , 

 f e ? - n r , " y 

H lpt to 
UM VMM, 
•vtn ip ) o worVrrrovi po* tora* 

ExpertoncMd Sd** 
H«lp Needed 
Exclusive Gift Store 

 rillr4kon Cm **— ----A- A~... rkuui 
VIl/IJtl CW JC.I 
•’WT’Sr otto crypto helpful Salary core mensural* eft* otoRty/ai- ptnsnc* 

H o w e# o f T o d d 
6434 N. New Brounfels 
826-5891 
826-337$ 

I tv t i Pay a ra J. 

Soles Representative: 

TO THE COLLEGE GRADUATE 

AMBITIOUS ENOUGH TO BECOME A 

VETERINARY PHARMACEUTICAL 

SALES REPRESENTATIVE 

San Antonio Area 

Here's what Beecham laboratories, a major ethical 

 pharmaceutical manufacturer can offer you NOW. 

• Growth opportunity in o vital and exciting industry. 

• Excellent storting salary, bonus and benefits, car and all expenses. 

• Supervised sales training to assure your success calling on veterinarians. 

• Where sales accomplishments are recognized and reworded by an active career development program. 

 lf you am presently seeking a coreer position that 

 will produce the kind of personal income and job 

 satisfaction you’d like, and H you have a collage 

 degree, this can be the opportunity you’ve been 

 looking for. Must be willing to travel. 

Applkants interested in this San Antonio position, 

 write: 
Mr. R. L. Widerkehr 
BEECHAM LABORATORIES, INC. 
P.O. Box 868, Bristol, Teen. 3762o 
An I quo! Opportunity tmptayar— M /f 

.MN; c 
SAUS 
D® C sales 

DOES THIS DESCRIBE 
YOUR EMPLOYMENT 
ENVIRONMENT? 
A INVENTORY SHORTAGE 
* TIGHT MONEY M A R K IT 
* JO B UNCERTAINTIES 
* RELOCATION 

You don't loco these problems os a Mutual of Omaha 
Representative 
We offer unlimited comings and ad­ vancement opportunities. Get the facts. Call in today! 
WALTER SMITH 
349-6523 
GENE POWERS 
824-o233 

MUTUAL OF OMAHA 
People you can c o u n t o n . . . 

Life Insurance Affiliated United of Omaha 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity Com p anies M Z F . 

AUTOMOBILE 

SALESPEOPLE 

Due to Promotions within our Dealership we are 

 now interviewing for two salespersons, Men or 

Women, to join our number one sales team, lf you have sales experience or ambitions, ag* gressive, willing to work hard and looking for a 

 future. We may be interested in you. TOM 
BENSON CHEVROLET oHers it all. Training, Com­ 

 pany Car, Hospitalization, paid vacations ond 

Holidays. Tor unlimited opportunity 

SEE: EVERETT KEENUM 

INTERVIEWS IO A.M .-l P.M. 
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE! 
TMI BENSON 

□ C E Z E Z E X S E H 
RETAIL DEPT. MANAGERS 
W e have immediate openings for e x ­ perienced reody-to-wear and sportswear dept, managers. 

• 5 day work wreak 
• Employee benefits 
• Good salary 

• Hospitalization 

 apply to 
LERNER SHOPS 
W indsor Pork M all 
McCrela** P lata 
M r. Prexlicki 654-o1 IO 
M r. M arlow 534-73o1 
An equal opportunity em ployer 

WO 

M K H M L E T 
LOOF 41o *4o* TH at SAN FL DAO 

• - AN IOU AI OTTO# TUN ITT IM PLO TH 

 a coenuri auroeotiv* won LO 

TELEPHONE SALES 
SALARY— FULL OR PART TIME 

The A m e rica n A u to m o b ile A s s o c ia tio n is no w in te r-1 

 vie w in g p ro sp e ctive sales re p re se n ta tiv e s to start 

 im m ediately. S e le cte d a p p lica n ts w ill b e th o ro u g h ly J 

 tra in ed o n d w ill b eg in e a rn in g s a la ry fro m first d a y . 

 le a d s o re p ro vid e d , e x ce lle n t co m m issio n s, bonus- J 

 es an d fring e b en efits a re p a rt o f a n o u tsta n d in g I 

 com p en sation p la n for p e rm a n e n t fu ll tim e sales 

 sta ff w ho w ill rece ive g u a ra n te e d sa la ry . P art tim e 

 telephone sales re p re se n ta tive s a ls o re q u ire d a n d | 

 w ill receive g u a ra n tee d sa la ry . For a p p o in tm e n t 

 call 
Mrs. Berborek, 736-4192 
AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION 
323 SPENCER LANE 
An iq u o l Opportunity Im ploy ar 

D O 

{BOO tact E n c D O S 
Adv exp helpful! craotlvity! 
SFI: ARS P E R S O N N E L SS to VI: 
J ^ O N A E j ^ * _ j t 8 _ m 3 

A n o ld e«tobii»h«<l h iL u ro n tt com 
Bony (Wad* a local pa: son to Mi) 
OOO Mr vice tn*urontx Lur round Ina 
Son Antonio Ixparlance oatlrad but not r«<a*Mnry. proper training orovload Storting salary negotiable aith a re!** in 4 week*. Call E.L.. 
Cond turd at 34MSS2 

IS T H C H O HO HO O V E R Y Leri 
Agen halo you get rough! up aith holiday Dill* Sell port rime on your pan *ch«oul« 
No «xp«ri*nte n«c«**ory i ll show you hew. 
I 
C A U .: 21*o4*1 

 c o m m i s s i o n e o N C , o u T - R.-o < 
Extol* Sot**. Unhoppy aith 
• or nm 
Tax Vi ng»Y O p p ty ? pf Reedy 4VS48*o 

 ih o p p v 
F u fg r* ? C o ll 

U H U S M W I 
WANT AO 838-1666 

SALES 
CAREER w ith 
SAUS 
MANAGEMENT 
OPPORTUNITIES 

 lf you 
Ore a thinker, a re»pon»ible non <onformi*t b e n d e l boing friendly ond energetic, if you are m onogm g now, or can be trained to m anage people I w ont to hear from you 

O u r m an ag er* income* average more than 
5 2 o ,o o o per year. Unlim it 

 ad com m ation* and a ll the fringe benefit*. 

C a ll M r . K la k a r 

349-1763 9wit-5pm 
INVESTORS 
DIVERSIFIED 
SERVICES, INC. 

CAPABLE 

STORE MANAGER 

U h to W T M ted omen ai 

Iaim yymtvmm 
**to northed* moll Top and tnnfc tMiwhtv 

 tot iii tor Mi larvae givin* t i p *fM M i and hod around f* pr tis Ii* wi Bot 777o, San An lento 71797 

C o n t r a c t O r a p e * B e d v p r e o d * 
Sole* per ton to tell, com mere lolly, drape* and bed*pr*od* to total ho tel ond a p a rtm e n t m a rk * ! W ill 
(rain Send resume to Po*! Ort! too. 1o74?, O oflriv Tx 7*7o/ 

SIAMIE OWENS REALTORS 
A tea licensed ogent* needed lf v o x are loo* m g tot a ch a n g e Do ll 
How l! Join Son Antonio'* most orR five Real t s io i* Co tor opp! coil] 
Mr toyexer 73» 2775_ 
— J M 

 d o y o u T T k i i i i i i m l u B 

 we eof I toto* cantect a ith retail n o rd a o re and lum ber account* t itobUsned lin t. **t*tin6 at count* com m i**ion toot!* W o rt « t y aer o w n p o c o 
R o o t y 
- 
H E W S R O X *811. So n Antonio. T o * 
RS 78297 

WE ARI 

LOOKING FOR A 

SALES 
REPRESENTATIVE 

 h toakiag on eggrsstove a r / r et m ir i r rrt/z a4^m re it.. ta call aa form tong lawn et 

7o% ti oval. factory training program more ^ 

 jpockoyi- CttR: 

Dave Morehead 

(512) 732-5141 
Sun. 
M on. or Tim*. O n ly 
O r contact: 
R obert Koto an 
(SOB) 787-121 I 
COUPLAM ATIC, INC. 
Lym an, N I 6 9 3 5 2 

SALES 
TRAINEES 

Immodwto opening- for mat ut* 
*al**por*oni to tell quality pxmky in Cw6o Diamond Solum. Fronout up* rte iv* to (ewe try Mil** d* vablt Training tokay anil ba S37S monthly 
CALL 
654-1871 fo r A ppointm ent 

Sears 
LICENSED 
Hearing Aid Consultant 

Full time hearing aid salesperson. Must be State 
Licensed. 5-day 4o-hour week with paid vocation and 
9 holidays, plus employee discount on purchases. Pro­ fit sharing retirement plan, group hospitalization and life insurance available. Apply: personnel office. 

A n Equal O p p o r t u n it y I m p lo y a r M /P 

Sears Downtown Plaza Store 

W O M A N MAN 
12o,ooo pm y e a r 

ZI year old Nohonto Corporation nmrh amibTtkxn Individual with Two yrrori (allege or preferably, a degree, ta (all on collage* and nulling Mhooh in S I TEXAS ond be willing ond able lo travel the above omo 
Individual worki 4 day week and ha* 4 Weeki vocation pet year Our company will give you the opportunity to work into our management program for tomingi in eH en ol $4o,ooo per year 
Our Personnel Director will be of Hie Sheraton. MOO Auitin Hwy on lanuary 11, lor an interview at ID AM o*?PM Flame be on lime — HO PHONE CAUS, PLEASE! He would like to ie* you rn penon 
Jock O 'M e a ra 
P a r so tm* I D ire cto r 
IO A .M . o r 2 P.M . 
(awol Oeeartvnky employ», 

PROFESSIONAL SALES 

Mktg Sp*cioJii!* ..........$7o,ooo 

Chemkto Soles .................. 11,ooo 

Automotive Soles............ 12,ooo laude Sales.......................... 94oo 

Publications 
..................... 17.ooo 

 food Service....................... 1o,8oo 

III 
SALES 

Diagnostic Equipment...... 
75,ooo 
Medical Supplies.............. >3,ooo 

Phormocaatteal lap 
12,ooo 
Industrial..................... 
18,ooo 
Tioinee.......................... 1o,8oo 

Consum er........................... 15,ooo 

JUNI LEWIS 8 ASSOCIATES 
SALES PLACEMENT 

SERVICE 

8 5 o N.I. lo o p 61o 
Seif* 2o9 
828-9o67 

TOP SALES 
OPPORTUNITIES 

C A L L V IC SA LIN I 

SALES R IP . 

D egreed m edical equipm ent salesm an for S o 
TX. 
To 
$ 1 3 5 K ♦ Comm 
4- cor 
-f expense*. Pee pend 

SALES REP. 

 fem ale or male w ith a busine** related degree for 
S 
A, or a a 
$ 1o 9 K 
-6 comm. •* expert*#* 

SALES REP. 

Advertising sale* experience necessary. To $ 9 6 K 
-f 
Com m -f expense* 

SALES REP. 

Aggressive individual to coll on com m ercial acc l l in $ A. oreo S 7 .2 K 4- comm, 

826-9671 
2446 Ceegee Street 
LOCKE 
IMPLOYMfNT SERVICE 

SP ASSOCIATES t o I * Mortal E ryttr^ttt t 
Consultant* 

HOOPLE, leo * 41o 
B28-5573 

 j SALES 

D o e * yo u r p resen t (ob o ffe r y o u the o p p o rtu n ity th a i you feel like y o u deserve? Doe* y o u i c o m p a n y b ock y o u 
1 o o % a n d re a lly c o m p e n sa te y o u for the e ffo rt* that y o u p ut eito yo u r 
(o b ? lf your o n *w e r i* n o, then I think w e h o v e so m a thing to talk abou t. 
W e ra p r# va n i n u m e to u * cli a n t* w h o d e ip e r a te ly n e e d h o ld wen m g, de. h e a te d p r o ­ v e n ta le * p e o p le a n d a re r e a d y cmd w illing to com p e n siv e them not o n ly with excellent money but a lt o gyve them the o p p o rtu n ity lo m a ke d a e m o n s a n d hove excellent g ro w th p ote ntia l 
C o ll S a n d y 
H o w a r d or te n d re tu rn # — B y 
Appointm ent 
O n ly 
P le a ** 
A lt 
F A S H I O N S 
LISTED 
B E LO W A S I P I I PAID BV 
THE EM PLO YER 

Medkto Surety koto* 
$19 22,ooo 
Pietotuoetokale* .... $I4-1$JMW 
(omumar Product koto* $12-124oo 
District Manege. 
.... $77 2*4oo kale* from**..................... 
$9Aoo 
Monufqrtuitri leg 
...........$14,ooo 

 fcqr ii w h lit tro ln in u 
I nioht pac 
.•C k Kaap your prcsartt petition 
( git Mr G q rf to *44 *9S* 
E M P L O Y M E N T C 6 U H * C 1 o R 

 treat apply 
*tort carcer in tokens ating field *84 8*8o 

 t INNS Y 6 A ssectoto* Personnel 
Consultant* *83* Coltoynon N o n * 

ENCYCLQPXEDtA 

BRITANNICA 
*atoso«opto a r * a m o n g the h ig h **! po to in me world 
I. I in mad Kit* opening* 
I. We w ill lr era 
3 M utt Rev* cor 
A toto work toed* * appl boti* 
For p e rso n a l Interview 
732-21o5 

 tx FRM * m w i 
WANT AB 338-1666 

I 
6 
* 
A 
4 
* 
I wont lo talk to people who want 9 to make money 

NIED 
DISTRIBUTORS 

________ you hove worked ut before but • toj totes borkgruunfl would help 

It give 

Colt my emoaiing very ice onytnne a ond I WHI tab bock o * --------- 

J re » WJ’ a sp cr y r rw 

I you wont to od nonet in a hurry * nm ut a try 
J 

4 
4 
4 
4 

I dr i t * Hr ★ * 6 A 6 W W * / 

Pat Wood 
349-6o75 

[(unpent Salesman Needed 
S tre fm o n needed to R e p re se n t motor (me at lion! Industrial Equip m eat in The van A n to n io A re a 
V e h ic le fu rn is h e d , goad oenerit package, soiory pius com m ission 
Coenact L o rry M urphy Or Jam es 
Alford at k ilt C astroville Rd. ban 
Antonio T • 
EXPEDITOR Ceocdmuto denari- mental communicetton* inlerno tionoi heow e a sem en t uuolor. 
Ihiutive. arponiiutron more imper- lent than exper tem* riotonRei Isl yr. *12.o66 it , 8*36o Cell Lee 
•atter MI W I 
*448 LL ING A 8N8LLING kmptuv 142 W RECTOR ber vie# 

R I A L IS T A T I S A L IS 
Our expansion yr egiam has apened savaral lettoanhal salts patrlians ar saiear a ie a le d pattens with et toll HOU I es penenie Tem ssxiets p .lrn h e l i. 
Ihmawfhly u(j> *r4 in eve (ON 
HO! NI IAI (aiel view pray ram lf 
■ ae are etcepied yew hatselil | frem ear esiensivt ie hawse training pregrem end ear prevtn iwccets patterns 
(al! to rii to aglare. 174 O IH , el ewi tor bedin 
UHiie et frank 
W tu ih v iU , 
147 1711, at ear fradanrksbwig bd Office i i Mel! 
MsGinnis, 
494 76*1, el ear 
6iou fck.il.w Of tree, t i t IG tor* bed.* 

 lla $ o u r & V f jm > 

VIAHORk 
$o THS Of TRllkl 

*AL«» P E R S O N * Re- to6o6 b o n u s p r o g r a m 
D e m # lur rn su e d 
Co!l 
R a y G u arra, *226117 
L 
Hemphm McCom b* F y d ll X p I RI E N c E Q 
S A L I $< 
•id with heeded in grocerv ii* food br on ei a i appointment toad broeer 
Cou rt/?}*/ ‘ ter 

S M A h loco) 

Outside tate*! sharp) uoitm .oi' ( ai, Sheryl 
•mptovmanl Ary 
4646A bon P e d r o 
116-6** I 

14-C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1 9 7 7 ^ technical 
C technical 

SAUS 
C 
SAUS 

$ 
$ 

$ 

& 

& 

$ 
I 

$■ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

SALES TRAINEE 

Needed Im m ediately 

Earnings up to $ 6 o ,o o o per year. 
Must be neat in appearance and have own car. 

Apply in person only 8 :3 o -1o a.m. 
11514 Jones Maltsberger 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ * . * * $ $ * * * * * . * « 

SALES TERRITORY 
MANAGER 

Need representative for major manufacturer of residential and lite commercial heating and air conditioning products in Texas and Oklahoma. Should be experienced in selling and servicing heating and air conditioning wholesalers. Attractive salary, bonus, expenses, and cor furnished. Excellent opportunity with growth company. Write, in confidence, with resume, salary history and requirements to: 

EXPRESS N E W S B O X 7 7 5 2 
San A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 9 7 
We are an equal opportunity employer 

ATTENTION LICENSED 
LIFE AGENTS 

Are you o good life producer not earning what you desire? 
Have you considered the multi line approach? Is prospecting a problem? lf you desire to chat regarding the possible rewards of multi line, a unique maiket, nest prospecting, and a host of other unique foetors, it may be worth your time to investigate. 
W e offer a Negotiable salary plus bonuses, (not draw) and excellent fringe benefits. Call Prank X. Rodriguez between I I - 
2 at 5 1 2 6 5 5 7 5 1 3 
HORACE MANN 
EDUCATORS 
An E qual O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

We can train you to earn up to $4.oo per making calls from our office, we ore on the Bus line and we hove free parking. 

 lf you are 18 or over and need a steady job with a chance for advancement please call 
Mr. Brown 
2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 
A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

PART TIME 

TELEPHONE 

SALES 

S p.m. to 9 p.m. 

College, Hi^!; School, Military 

 or Retired persons can earn up 

 to $4.oo per hour making colls 

 from our office. 

NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED 

FREE PARKING 

* 
CALL MR. GREEN 

225-281o 
An l<yw«l Opportunity ii*pM»y*r 

SALES 
INDUSTRIAL 

We itll Nm fattest growth roto ut the tatavtry Wo hove doubted sn Mio rn tho loft 
Too# 

Oar wined chm room odd 

 directly to m eicopftoneti Moro rn « ytotested territory 

W# require of looet owe yeo* direct toiling ex ye nonce end pro­ ven oddity to toto! rn Miles 

SU HOK datary + cewMUftMon) 
Hie Hr«t ytor, end then com mentor ate with demonstrated ohihty 
Coll collect on Monday for 
Mr Patmk 
M3 32o 1126 
ROCKMOUNT 
CORP. 
An equal epparlumty 

ISALES PERSON 

 f t V rh* growing energy ton- lewdtion industry lf you or* look- in f for o now carter and cm follow dilations colling on business and ledustrv. this commission position wilt afret unlimited earnings We wk a growing compony that offers 
I rip ’ 9'owth potential 

^ 
Coll "or 
. opp^ 

* bet ween Sam-4pm Mon t n. 

I - 6 8 1 - o 6 o o 

MUITIGRAPHKS DIVISION at 
• I ADORE SSOGR APH- 
> MULTIGRAPH CORP pp "seeking on additional Copy 
Uufslitufoi Salesman 
Pnntinq or duglwating and « outside sales ei- peqence required 
Salary open 
.Potential 525.ooo + PIUS. Cod W D evener. 73* 1771 
• I • ADDRESSOGRAPH 
I * ! * 
MUI TIGR APH 
• * * 
44o6 Centerview 

"“W 
T ' -------- 

SALES 
REPRESENTATIVE 
National 
Corporation 

Mote-female Lorn $15,ooo 

 firer yam; $4o,ooo +- after 
J-5 years. Youth oriented 

 m arket, sportrmmded in­ dividual preferred i i - cellant draw phis libarol 

 commission whet* training 

Major m adkal, 
Ufo in­ 

 surance, I ne Oma disability, 

 profit sharing and bonus plan. A solid cai aer op­ 

 portunity with excellent management potential. 

Salas ((penance mid col­ lege degree preferred 

Cad 
(A IS) 
344 7511 ar 

344-922o, 
4:oo 
AM-S:oo 
PM CST Monday ar Tues­ 

 day Ash far Mr. lames ar 

Mr. laAoy. 

SALES 

 t n r t n 
SPORTS MINDED 

SALES 

OPPORTUNITY 

 torn SI 5,ooo-518,ooo first yeor. 
National sales firm seeking an outstanding person for the greater 
SAN 
ANTONIO area. 
Athletic background helpful. Ex­ cellent draw plus liberal com- • mission ond semi-annual bonus. 
Profit sharing plus excellent benefit package. Previous sales experience and J yrs. college preferred. 

Call Sunday 
IOO p m .-/OO p.m. or Monday 9:oo am -6:oo p.m. Ask for Mr Johnson (3o3) 
773-3591, Mr Corbin (61S) 384 
8775 or Mr McCarthy at (615) 
384 8753. 

A -* 
* 
* 
* 
" * W W # 

W a a lts a 

Now taking applications for: 

• Floor Covering/ 
Furniture Sales 

• Major Appliances 

Foil tim e 

Exp preferred but not necessary 

Good Company Benefits. 
Apply in Person 

48o3 W. Commerce 
^Arn^u«dojppm 1im ^Em |>lo]£^ 

$3oo 
N A T IO N A L 
F IR M 
$25o 
M en o r w o m en w ho w o n t a new career Need car. Full tim e or part tim e 
Coll Tom or B o rt 349-4847, 
349 4397 days, 838 4o74 e v e s ___ 
Si 2,ooo N ovelties 
N a tl co has it all! Need 21 T ra ve l! College bkkgd! 
John 
Ham pton, 
923-4364 
413 
SW 
M ilitary 
Jobs, South Placem ent Service 

 c 

ADMINISTRATIVE— 
FINANCIAL c 

ADMINISTRATIVE— 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICE I CLERICALD O 
OFFICE A CLERICAL 

Data Processing 
NORTHROP 
Worldwide Aircraft Services, Inc. has immediate positions available for: 
• PROGRAMMERS 
Minimum 2 years COBOL experience on IBM 3 7 o using 
D O S /V S and Power/VS. CICS experience helpful. 
• COMPUTER OPERATORS 
Minimum 2 years COBOL experience on IBM 3 7 o using 
D O S /V S , Power/VS and Telecommunications. 
• SYSTEMS ANALYSTS 

K now ledgeable ond experienced in military logistics 

 systems. Foreign military sales experience a plus. W ork mg knowledge of ADP Systems and Design helpful. 

Send details, resume and background qualifications to: 
NORTHROP 
Worldwide Aircraft Services, Inc. 
P.O. Box 1o8, Lawton, OK 735o2 an agua! opportunity em ployer M /f 

ACCOUNTANT/OFFICE 
MANAGER 

 for San Antonio office of national firm. 
Degree with full charge experience prefer­ red. Salary commensurate with experience 

Call 342-5ooo for appt. 

O P E N 
Sales. In out 
N um erous positions open 
Need now S tart a new c a re e r. Call G eorge 732 2191 
25o1 West Ave. 
Jobs North, Inc , Placem ent Service 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS commission to start, colling on our customers. Car necessary Must be neat ond clean cut 494 581? 
P ES T C O N TR O L A N D T E R M IT E 
S A L E S M A N W A N T E D . S A L E S 
E X P N E C E S S A R Y . A L L M A JO R 
B E N E F IT S G IV E N Call 344 o281 or come to 122 B W Rhapsody 
P H O N E S S A L E S . S e v e ra l enthu siastlc people needed lo stat! phone room for new fitness center Must have pleasant phone voice and be a hard w orker Previous experience helpful 
S ta rt at $2.3o an hour + com m ission. Coll 699 3o3o for op pointmen!, ask tor M r D u n n ______ 
R E N T A L A G E N T 
G reat Co! Will tra in 1 E xcellent benefits $624o 
M a ry 828-6494 New 
Day 
Personnel 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
SALES D E A L E R S H IP S ' 
$12oo 
$31oo P E R S A L E ' perlenced distshp pros needed to sell B ic yc le D ishp's w ith D y n ­ amic Co E x p e ra M U ST Hi Comm 
Call for appt setting, 8oo 824 512o 
O p e r 
8 /5 . L td o p e n in g s , s e ll starters only Resume to 
I B I , PO 
Box 2Co8.1, San Jose. CA 9M6o 
Sales help for boutique Only those exp in fashion need apply. Fashion 
Oaks, $139 Fredericksburg Rd No phone colls, please.________________ 

SALES MANAGER 
Local C om pany w ith N a tio n a l af filiation in a unique business D irect soles and training experience help tut. W e 're seeking som eone w ith desire ond e x tra e ffo rt to be sue cesstul. A fin a n ae ta lly rew o rd in g opportunity 
Phone 349 3117 only from 9 a rn to noon and I to 5 p in 

CASH REGISTER TECHNICIAN 

A bility to inspect, adjust, repair, service Anker, 
NCR, 
Sweda and registers 

 clean and 
Salestronic 

P E R S O N N E L stroN MtDKAi a n ta is s w in g an assistant in raKONNii nit vias to suritvm empioymint 
ACTIVTTKS OUAUffiO Af AUCA NTS NIU TOI USS A lAC H H O tl D iG ttt NUS MftOYMENT EXPEDIENCE 
IN HASONNU o * IHOUSTXIAl (ELATIONS. (ESfONSWIUTIiS NIU ALSO INCLUDE (OMMNSA1ION. 
•(NEWTS AND EAKtOYEE (ELATIONS SETON S HCINT ANO ftOfOSEO EXPANSION OTTERS EXCELLENT 
GROWTH POTENTIAL ANO A CHALLENGING ANO INTERESTING WOR! ENVIRONMENT. IT OUAUTIED, 
PHASE SEND A RESUME OE EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION ANO CAREER OSHC DYES IO: 

W . O . C O O R P E N D E R 
A c to r cr# P e n o o not I 

^efon 
I M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
• lf ChdVHV ref Saint Vincent ,tr t\j 
12o1 W e s t 3 8th S tr e e t 
A u s tin , T o x d S 787o5 
^ A n ^ ^ m O ^ ^ m ^ m ^ im p lo y e r/ MT 

BANK NEEDS 
CLERK TYPIST 

M inim um 2 years general office experience. 

Typing M inim um of 6o WPM 

Please Call 
FIRST NATIONAL BANK 
For A p p o in tm e n t 

7 3 4 - 8 1 7 1 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Salary commensurate with experience. 

Excellent company benefits. 

 apply in person 

E m p lo y m e n t O ffic e 3 rd F lo o r 
Joske’s Downtown 

 equal opportunity employer 

C 

ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 
C 

ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

SALES MANAGER 
Business machines and form s 
Ray 922 271 1 1 233 SW M ilita ry 
Job Experts, Inc. Placem ent Ser 
S A LE S P E O P L E W A N T E D oriented people w ith sales ex per ranee and background in health physical e d u ca tio n , or a th le tic s 
Good physical condition ond neat a p p ea ra n ce re q u ire d to w ork tor newest cmd finest fitness center in the Southwest Coil 699 JOJO for ap pointm en! Ask tor M r Dunn 
SALES $7oo P er Week 
Trans fu rn is h ed 
W ill tra m , need s e v e ra l im m e d 
924 4481 U n ite d 
Personnel C onsultants 666 C S.W 
M ilita ry D r ________________________ 

U M T O K 

Bilingual 
Spanish/fbrtuguese 

Philip Morris Incorporated, a leading Fortune IOO Corporation, has an outstanding career opportunity available. 

This position, based in New York City, requires 4o%-5o% travel to Latin America and Spain. English mandatory with 
Spanish and/or Portuguese fluency required. 

Qualifications include minimum of Bachelor's degree and 2-3 yeats of ouditiing experience. Candidates must have the abili­ ty to communicate tactfully and effectively, both orally and in writing with all levels of management. 

Responsibilities will include assisting in planning and con­ ducting of financial and operational audits as well as the preparation of reports and recommendations. 

We offer an excellent storting salary and benefits program as well as ongoing opportunities for career growth. For prompt consideration, qualified candidates should send resume and solary history to: 

Employment Manager 

SALES REP. 
D egreed m edico! equip, salesm an to r s o u th 
T e x 
To 
SU 5K +co m m + cor -kcxpenses. 
FE E P A ID Call Vie Salmi 
826-9671 
2446 Ceegee 
LOCKE E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
SALES T R A IN E E 
Degree entrv level, bonuses. car-F exp 
$96oo Coll Bettv G ront 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploym ent Service, 96 G ill Rd telephone Sales, full or pa rt tim e. 
Responsible person needed Advan­ cement opportunity No experience n e c e s s a ry , w ill tra in . C u s to m e r soles ond service Olan M ills Poe tra it Studio. 7o/o Son P ed ro Coll 
Northside office, 828 3433, 9 12 or 
4 8. Southside office 1/2o SW M ill tory Dr 924 .12oo 
T E R R IT O R Y R E P S S IO K * 
Notional com apanles seek reliable re p s, fro m this a r e a 
C o m p a n y cares, expenses. Some F E E P A ID 
684 868o 
F IN N E Y A Associates Personnel 
Consultants $435 Colloghon No325 
Unique grow th opportunity w ith a 
$2oo.OOO,OOO com pany for those who auaiifiy; c ar, salary, and com m is 
Sion 828 55o1 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
^ 
‘ SALES REP. * 
J 
$ 3 o ,o o o UP 
« 
Ski AEY AND COMMISSION 
AC * 
« I*$5I»E, SHARP INDIVIDUAL WITH « jABjffN SAUS RfCORD (NO RIAL « 

6 
♦ 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
Re 

MT fW TIN 
4 I S M H t M ONIE MOE IVA rfD 

* , . r v . 
C A L I PHYL i e * A.* .512 7 3 6 226 3 
4" 
PROffSSJOMAl fXfCUllVf 
* - * • 
CONSULTANTS 
W 
OMI AS. HOUSTON. CHARLOm 
J AU WROTE* fff PAID POSITIONS r * * tf+ * * * * * * + it * 

DIANI! OWENS CO., 

.. * . 
R E A LTO R S hjs tyo opening* for lh* Northwest erfx», It you or* thinking of rook fog o (bong*, ta i us tor met* in foilfolion 
Plenty of Hoot doty available Or. ii you OI* in th* pro cwt (i acquiring hour* Ie betorn* 
Jkreoied, we con help you obtain 
PRU bientt 
. Zr Coll 344-62o7 

T d u n if Ow ens 

S r ' 
RIAL TORS-MIS 

 ir tv f OOL LAR S AN NOUR tcnSMJb Stioe p a rt tim e s ale sm e n epYJI ttys much ond m ore because cewnwrssions ore higher than ever 
N O lM & s im e n t! F re e eq u ip m en t! 
F x # t T ra in in g p r o g r a m ! 
F r e e 
In te r e s te d ? W r ite H 6 u s 
( t o m i 

W R S ** K napo S h o t*. 3o4 K napp 
C ♦ w e ,, 
Brockton. 
MokkochukeH 

A M A T C H A N C 8 rh expand into m ony re a l esta ttffO* forth progressive group 
- 
^ 
" t A L E S TA TE »?* 25?, 
NO M E p a r t y s a l r S unique new product 333 S42I 

• HOSPITAL ft PHYSICIAN 
SUPPLY SALES s t a n l e y s u p p l y c o , in c nos opening tor exp soles rep lo coll on i-stobufhed accounts in Son Antonio a u d s u rro u n d in g a re a 
P ie v to u s t Lpmyru rn m e d ic a l field h e lp fu l, stria* v-6 cor a llo w a n ce 6-expense- i f bono» Com pony benefits me lode no spital and lite insurance and re fir a n d o r p ro g ro m Coli 22? DIA* tor ort appt 
C aoai ooooiiuntiy em ployer 
'O f A L JOB tor the ex m ag person, book aer yon phone por son Coli M r 
C|Bh>|JT24 2641 tor appt 

 w U j K l 
- 
SOV VTJ 2711 1733 SW M ilita ry 
J o g E x p o r t s , In c . P la c e m e n t t o r . 

2 SALES REPS 
$9,9oo-$11,ooo a v e r a g e fir s t y e a r 

Mood 
2 sales reps 

 im m ediately 

 d Excellent salary arrange ments 

 d Top employee benefits 

• Car furnished or auto allowance 

 a Prefer some outside soles exp. 

 d Must be settled ond dap codable 

Call 341-1331 Im appt 

 dr apply at S oIo Wast Avo. 
ORKIN Exterminating Co. 

I w ould like to m eet a m an who w ould Uke to e a rn in g $3,ooo per month in the next 9o days Coll M r 
Dqxstoter 349 6241 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
A S S O C IA T E S 
J U N E L E W IS A 
P lacem ent Si 
Loop 41o.- Suite 7oft. ce, SIO N I i 9o6/ 

KSA! IV ts now accepting applications tor a 
S A LE S R E P R E S E N T A T IV E 
An equol opportunity em ployer M f 

LA N D S A LE SM A N (O ne) Must be 
Over 4o years of age. (M ature per­ s on!, m ust hove at least 5 y ea rs experience w orking on site Excel le n t o p p o r tu n ity 
C o ll 
J im , 
L796 3/2L atter SPM, 342 1586 

L IQ U O R S A L E S $1o,ooo: G re a t product, leader in their field! Sales exp! Joyce Best, 
923 4366 413 SW 
M ild e r y 
South P lacem ent Service 
Jabs, lAC H I I 
M A C H IN E TO O L R E P R E S E N T A 
T IV E headquartering in San Anton 
•a Base salary 4-in centi vc. car ond expenses Sena resum e to PO Box 
47767 Oatlas. Tx. 7S247 Attn 
Rock well international Equol opportun­ ity em pteyerM 

M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
G reat Oppty tar am bitious person' 
SSOO-f Lynn o7o 6494 New Day Per urn net Consltk, 9o1 NE Laag (IO 

MARKETING REP 
Not I co seeks individual to service existing accounts Degree-and soles experience p referred 
To 
$11 6K -fea r 4 expenses 
826 9 6 /1 
2446 C e a s e d 
LO CKE E M P L O Y M E N T S ER VIC E 
M E D IC A L R E P 
M otor n o n phor- m o c eu tic a l m fg r 
Light tra v e l, 2 yrs a llie d ta le s exa. c a r 6 exp. 
OUK. Cal* Tem Snow, H I ISSI 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
» m alay IO? w R E C TO R Service 
M E N OR W O M E N 
R esp o n sib le opening w ith large notional organ 
Ita lia n . Some m echanical aptitude helpful SISO per week starting. Coil 
727-o18o 

We o re looking tor a p e rm a n e n t m ale or fem ale rep , to sell a com ­ plete line OI m aintenance products in the g re a te r San A ntonio a re a , experience not necessary, but must be am bitious and desire to succeed. 
O v e r 125 e s ta b lis h e d a c c o u n ts , rutted tra v e l 
E v e ry business a prospect, unlim ited opportunity tor a d v a n c e m e n t. W rite 
4122 Todd 
Lane. 
Austin, 
TX 
78744 or call 
12-443-1612. 

Widowed? Divorced? 

A pa rtm e n t Selector is now ac­ cepting applications for A part m eat Counselors The Com pany supplies the prosper Is and the listings. Y O U supply the hard w o rk, d e d ic a tio n a n d en th u siasm r e q u ir e d tor th is o u t­ standin g c a re e r o p p o rtu n ity . 
Base salary plus excellent bon os p la n 
T e x a s R e a l E s ta te 
License required. Call 349 1737 

J2oowk C arpet sales $2$owk fcxp M ale fem ale La natl co. Paul 
E ller, 923 4 366 413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs. South P lacem ent Service 
$?oowk Industrial Sales $2$owk 
P lu m b ing H e a tin g A ir Cond exp. 
Paul E ller. 9 7 3 4 366 4 1 3 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs. South Placem ent Service 

YOU CAN JOIN 
The p ro fe s s io n a ls in th e ‘ R E O 
C O A TS ' 
W e need a g e n ts in our 
N E W J E F F E R S O N O F F IC E . Coll 
Te rry Wiegei at 736 4426 

Beanie 
Owens 

CSL____ 
6o4 TfCHNICAl 

AUDIO TECHNICIAN 
SOUNDCOM 
ELECTRONICS 
738-4417 

' ■« foS ir 
I 

P h i l i p 
M o r r i s 
Incorporated 
1oo Park Ave., New York, N.Y. 1oo17 

An Equxl Opportunity Em ploy*, M E V 

■ 

 fSOROj 

Accounting Graduate 

Inlirnohonal Petroleum Compony (Fortune SOO & NT SF ) ho* several positions available at its Corporate HQ in Son Antonio lf you hove on obove average grade point ond O I year experience, please send your con­ fidential ((sum* or telephone 512 828 8484 ext 667 

TESORO PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
8 7 o o T a s o r o D riv e r 

S a n A n t o n io , T o x a s 7 8 2 8 6 
A t tn : P h y llis M o o t e r 
A n (q u a l O p p o rtu n ity I m p lo r e r 

TRUST DEPARTMENT HEAD 

A leading Rio Grand# Volley bank it looking for an oxpariancod Trust I 
Officer la manage and further develop a 
$25 million 
Trust; 

Department This individual should hay* experience in a largo tru it| 

 activity. The incumbent will answer directly ta the President, will be. 

 pert e l Senior Management of the bank and w ill ba responsible far a lii 

 areas of the Trust Deportment including Trust and istete Ad­ 

 ministration and business Development, Please submit resame, salary I 

 history and any ether pertinent date which w ill he held strictly coo-' fid e n fin i tA* 
EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 7789 
San Antonio, Toxas 78297 

An Igai Opportunity Employer M /f 

TICMNIC Al 
D 
© 

 o o o o o o o o 

EXPERIENCED 
^ 
BENCH 
TECHNICIAN 

Salary dependent on ex 

 per ranee. 

Excellent company bene­ fits 

B e g in n e r P r * » r s m m r r d e g re e 
COBAL SHIM 
Century P lacem ent Service 
ISS W Century Bldg 
349 1373 

COMPUTER OPR $ooo+ 
Vtc 922 27TI 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Job Experts, inc P lacem ent Ser 
D R A F T S M A N 
1o yr old firm look ing tor a reliable, responsible ana e x p e rie n c e d d ra fts m a n to do re 
Aldern ml dr Orting P erm anen t oosi tign with too wages Coll 828 1469 tor lob application 

S a 

C all 7 3 6 - 4 6 o 3 
^ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
# 

E N G IN E E R S $2o ooo4 
F E E S P A ID IN D . E LEC . M E C H , 
C IV IL , C H A E M FOR LOCAL AND 
DU I OR TOW N CALL 684 868o 
F IN N E Y A Associates Personnel 
C .nsuitonls >83$ Cetloghun N o m 

KELSH C O M P IL E R 
No California 
E ngr A ir P hoto F irm 
M in exp 2 yrs. Sa lory per expe t Resume 
PO 
Bo* 
52o. 
Sebastopol, 
CA 
954/2, 
IQ I 123 44/9 

CIVIL ENGINEERING 

Drafts parson 

 f *parion<*d in Subdivision 

 and 

Municipal work 

 permanent position 

 salary open 
VICKREY & 
ASSO C., IN C . 

3 4 9 - 3 2 7 1 

P art Tim e D ra itsm a n , established firm seeking residential draftsm an 
*o help aul nights and w eekends. 
Cull 128-1469 tar tab application 

IT'S (AST TO P IA O A tenets* News 
W A N I AO 2 1 6 -1 *6 6 

TV MAINTENANCE 
Foil power v H F TV Station 
Needs one fu ll tim e m aintenance e n g in e e r w ith c o lo r e x p e rie n c e , p r e f e r a b ly on T K j c t , A m p e x 
12oo », 
P C -7 o ’ $, g ra s s v o lle y s w itc h e rs a n d v a rio u s te r m in a l equipm ent 
F irs t phone required. 
Send re s u m e a n d s a la ry re a u ir - em ents to C h ief E n g in ee r, K G N S 
TV , P O Box 2829, Laredo, Tx 71o4! 
E auat O pportunity em ployer 

TKHNKAI 

TRANSMITTER OPERATOR 
Full power V H F TV Station needs one full tim e transm itter operator 
F irst phone and reliable tronsoor ration re q u ire d . F rin g e b e n efits 
Send re s u m e ond s a la ry re q u ir em ents to C hief E n g in ee r, KG N 
T V , P O B O X 2879. L a re d o , T i 

 m2xwwwwmmi*>wmwLwx*J1x2£*86&* 
8o5 RESUMES 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B LY 
***-1115 
R E S U M E S E R V IC E tar re tirin g career m ilitary ui - U in UU ny y o a * officers 34L8I88 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

 a c c o u n t a n t s f e e p a i d 
G as and oil e x p e rie n c e 
$ 2 4 K H 
S taff a u d ito r. Ste I7 K , C a ll Tgrnl sharpe 684 868o 
■ 
F IN N E Y A Associates Personnel 
Consultants S83S Callaghan No37S 
ACC O U NT A N T -ik ik i P A ID 
O ur client needs accountant wittv cost e x p e rie n c e to r tost grow ing! excellent engineering firm , 5 o o v | 
E x c e lle n t b e n e fits a n d fu tu r a l 
N o r th s id e 
C a ll 
M r s 
M a r f i i 
828 6123 
B ankers im p . Sec., HOO i uw uh ill. Suite 211 
A D JU S T E R T R aT n E E ~ 1 
Degree, excellent adon vane emerita 
$96oo fe a r Dick 684 868o 
■ 
F IN N E Y B Associates Personnel 
Consulfonfs 5835 Colloghon No32>l 
•A U D IT O R F E E P O * fo e firm hirin g now! bonusigoo# promotion Call Sheryl 
R IC H 6 Assoc Em ploym ent Sry 
684oA Son P adre 
826 o661 
B O O K K E E P E R 
Excellent opportunity for a person experienced in m aintaining general le d g e r , c a s h iQ u rn a ls , p a y r o ll records, an d fin a n c ia l s ta tem e n t preparation. Knowledge of income foxes h e lp fu l, but not e s s e n tia l 
P lease, send resum es ond s ala ry requirem ents to Express News Bo* 
5/28 Our em ployees know of this od Applicants w ilt be tested 

SECRETARIAL D & C 
ST"? 

SECRETARIAL 
D 
® 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 
, 
BOOKKEEPER i 
Local service company needs an AR Bookkeeper. | 
Applicants must type 4oW PM , use 
1o-key by ^ touch, and have a stable em ploym ent record. 
Bilingual a plus. Starting salary $ 5 6 3 m o n th ly,1 going to $ 6 9 2 after 9 o days. Top fringe benefits! including paid sick leave, paid va ca tio n ,, hospitalization, life insurance, free parking, etc. 
Call Richard Clark 
Mon.-Fri. 9am -5pm 224-4651 

•q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

 m u 
SECRETARY 

Swearingen Aviation has an immediate requirement for a highly skilled Secretary for the product support dept. Duties re­ quire excellent typing and shorthand, the ability to organize the administrative de­ tails of the dept. plus the ability to com­ municate effectively. Bilingual ability pre­ ferred. The position provides stable em­ ployment, good starting salary and excel­ lent fringe benefits. Interested applicants should apply in person, Personnel Office, 
Swearingen Aviation, International Air­ port, San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bit­ ters Road past Blossom Athletic Center, turn right at NE entrance road to Swear­ ingen.) 

SWEARI 
> v y i.s r i c 'r n j c o H f ’ O H A n c » v 

A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer 

ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

EXPERIENCED 
COLLECTOR 

Good Salary 
Must Be Bilingual 

Apply in Person 

1o3 E. Commerce 

See Mr. Sanchez 
BEU 
FURNITURE CO. 

ACCOUNTANT 

Degreed accountant 

 to handle records for 

 small public employer. 

924-8541 Ext. 45 

B O O K K E E P E R $66o 
Estab. Co. excellent Oppty For a m ­ bitious You Lynn 828-6494 New Day 
Personnel 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

Business Ole Supervisor 
Accounting knowledge and supervi­ sory experience necessary 
Apply in person; St. Benedict s Hospital. 
418 Madison 
F C B K K P R $9,ooo4-F E E NE G O . 
W a n t to be the big c heese, ta k e charge Call P ickle 684 868o 
F IN N E Y * Associates Personnel 
Consultants S83S Colloghon No3?S 

THE CITY OF 
SAN ANTONIO 

Has opening for: 
Department Head 
Secretary 

S alary $ 8 o 7 9 y e a r 

High School graduate, plus 3 years stenographic experience. 
Type 6 o wpm - 
Shorthand 8 o wpm 
A pply Personnel 
Department 
7 :4 5 to 4 ;3 o p.m. 
M onday-Friday 
M ain Plaza Bldg. 
I I 4 W est Commerce 

(directly across from city hall) equal opprotunity em ployer 

S e a r s 
Credit 

Collection Correspondent 

Full time correspondent to work in our Centro! Credit Deportment, located in the Downtown store. Prefer someone with collection experience. 5-day 4o hour week with paid vocation, 9 holidays, and employee discount on purchases. Profit sharing retirement plan, group hospitalization and life insurance available. Apply: personnel office. 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer M /F 
Sears Downtown Plaza Store 

SECRETARIAL 

Sales Secretary4 

Shorthand A Typing required 
Accounting experience helpful 
Excellent Company benefits 

Apply In Person 

Ron C o rb rid g e 
GAF Photo Service 
4 2 3 Live O ak 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

SECRETARY 
YYPt AO WPM 
3 years full time secretarial experience required. Short­ hand helpful. 
H B ZACHRY CO. 
527 LOGWOOD 
CAU 
922-1213 Ext 357 
For Appointment tqvol Opportunity Im p Toy cr 

PUBLIC RELATIONS 
Gen. Office duties Type 5o, N S 
S PEARS P F.R SO N N EL S E R V IC E 
2o7 J A C K S O N -K E L .F R 
828 1292 
Secretary Leqol work no Shhd to 
$76o Fee Negotiable 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 
349 )373 

WHO SAID THERE ARE 
NO JOBS IN 
SAN ANTONIO ? ? ? ? 

S E C R E T A R Y ; W ork for one attny in pretty law ole, train legal 
$625. Coll Jo Singleton 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
E m ploym ent Service. 96 Gill Rd. 

EXPERIENCED 
SECRETARY 

Must be expert typist and transcriptionist, able to use initiative, and maintain records. Neat appearance. 
Monday Friday, 8 3o AM to 
4:3o PM. Send resume to-. 

SAN ANTONIO 

CHILDREN'S CENTER 

2939 West Woodlawn 

SIO ■ OFFICE I CLERICAL 

F E E PO. MOO 
Accounts p a ya b le specialist. C om ­ p u te r e x p . h e lp fu l. To p f ir m . 
Im m ed hire. Call Sheryl 
R IC H 6 Assoc. E m ploym ent Sry 
684oA Son PeOro 
826 o461 
F U L L C H A R G E B O O K K E E P E R tor retail d o m in o store P erm anent. 
Good pay ond benefits Bom m anual b o o k ke e p in g a n d m in l-c o m p u te r exp e rien c e d esired 
Send w ritte n resum e to PO Box 12467 Son Anton­ io 71212 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E R : Hi school prod. opoty to start future 
$66oo Coll Dan Darnel 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploym ent Service, 96 G ill Rd 
M anager Trainee Retail O peration 
Pear ae not m andatory. $8,ooo 
Century P lacem ent Service 
I S3 W Century Bldg 
149-1173 
M O R TR A N E E 
Ambitious witling to progress with natl co 
$66oo Call Betty G ran t /32 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E n .p in ,m en! Service, 96 GHI RO 

TAX M ER M ER 
I lox preparer needed to work In the 
NE a rea from 1oam nom We pay S3 per hour regardless of productivity. 
E x p e r ie n c e d o n ly n e e d a p p ly 
4314312, ask tor P aul Neilsen 

TAX PREPARER 
I tax preparer needed to work in the 
N E a rea from 1oam 6om We pay S3 r 

 r hour regardless of productivity x o e r le n c e d o n ly n e e d a p p ly . 
437 431?. osk tor Pool Neilsen 

T R A V E L IN G A U D IT O R 
F E E P A ID 
Not I Ce. Rapid prom otions. Penus 
♦ exp SUK M a ry 828 6494 New Oov 

 b n a g a m i A i 
____ 

 a B m i tit 
Y our o ra a n tiin a and supervisory obihty are w hat's needed in prestige c a l O utgoing p e rs o n a lity blends well with congenial staff) Start your new yr. right! Kitty K irk. 341 2SSI, 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W R IC T O R Service 
Challenging position tor experience secretary with initiative and super visory quality, good telephone per sonolltv, a c c u ra te 6o W P M . good s h o rthand, k n ow ledge of hunting ond fis h in g , p r e fe rr e d 
S ta ffin g salary $5oo. nego according to ex p e rte n c e 
A m e r ic a n S p o rts m a n 
Club, O peration 
73? 9991______ 

CONVENTION 

COORDINATOR 

SECRETARY 

N e ed ed im m e d ia te ly , g self s tarting individual w ith organ i/a tio n a l and p ro fic ie n t attice skills for position in soles dept of 
Laredo Hilton Inn Salary cam m ensural!- with e«p 
For interview call Jan M athis a t 1-722 241 1 

E X E C S E C 
C areer m inded' 
Type 7$wpm SH 
IOO 
$7*84-Ann 838-4494 N ew D ay P e r­ sonnel Con sits. 9o1 N E LOOP 41o 

 iX K k (S $ N (W S 
WANT AO 8 2 8 - 1 * * * 

TITLE COMPANY 
SECRETARY 

Terrific potential 

 for advancement. 

Title, mortgage loan, 

 or legal background. 

Fringes, 5-day. 

Mrs. Biesenbach, 
227-o231. 

SECRETARY 
TO BUILDING MANAGER 

R iO U N tiA M N TS : 
• Building Exponent* 
• Good Typing 
• Hook keeping 
• Telephone Voice ond Aginners 
Essential 
• Seif OiDonned. Self Starter 
• Prefer Shorthand 

Executive Seaetoiy, Experience 
Very Helpful, Able to Cop* With A lusy Office Environment 
FOR MORE INFORMATION 
CAU 341-1344 
EOE 

E X E C SEC SOSO F E E PO 
G ood s kills, k n ow ledge C a s tilia n 
Spanish, great place. Tom 684 868o 
F IN N E Y * Associates Personnel 
Consullnnt* Skis Colloghon No33S 

E X E C . S E C T 'V : Fe# Paid 
Natl co seeks top skills, raises 
S7So Call B arb Kendrick 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploym ent Service, 94 Gilt Rd 

E X E C U T IV E S E C R E T A R Y 
O F F IC E M A N A G E R 

E x p e rie n c e d , S a la ry open, t w o m an o ffic e A v a ila b le im ­ m ediately. Send resume lo Ex press Box 481 J, San Antonio. TX 
7829/ 

L E G A L SEC $7oo 
O ur tee nego 
R ig h t n ic e to r p u b lic re la tio n s minded Call L a u ra Hill, 341 2SSI ■ 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W RE C TO R Service 
N eed c o m p e te n t s e c r e ta r y p o rt tim e 
E xcellent typing and shanti and skills re q u ire d 
C o n tac t Joe 
Burge ar M ike G arre tt ?26 9143 

O F F IC E M A N A G E R 
NS doctor $ clinic SHOO ond our tee Supervise sm all group— congenial boss Set up own system Jo G unter. 341 ISSI 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W R E C TO R Service 

S E C R E T A R Y : W ork tor one attny in pretty law ofc, train legal 
*625 Call Jo Singleton 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploym ent Service, 96 G ill Rd 

JOBS 

Supervisor $65o + 

Prefer supervisory tup. Excellent typing skills; heavy responsibility and definite raises 

Clerk $45o + 

Severcl positions available 
NO 
TYPING Great advancement poten­ tial. Prtfei some erp 

Recpt Trainee $4oo 

No exp or typing, just answer phone All benefits, NS. 
Vt FEE PAID 

RECEPTIONIST $475 Prefer 1-2 yrs. exp. typing 4S, outgoing 

 hunt mom rosinous e vuuiu 

 m a r u u tot em 

 ml l a a k M a a L r a i 
LM*IO T MIMI envtct w m c w u » u « a*, rs i-e e teJ 

WE RE COMING TO 
YOUR AREA! 

T u e s d a y O n ly 
Interviewing - Southwest 
La Q u in ta 
M o to r In n - L a c k la n d 
Hwy. 9oW (§> M ilitary Drive 
A s k fo r B e tte D e a s o n from 9 o.m. to 4 p.m. 

W e hove immediate lobs for 

General 
O ffice, 
Typists, 

Shorthand, 
Dictaphone, 
IO 

Key, 
Keypunch, 
Accounting 

Clerks, CRT operators ond PBX 

THESE A N D 
M A N T M O RE!! 

IEGAI SECRETARY 

S7oo fee nego 

SECRETARY 

Bkkg background. 
S6oo fee paid 
\ 

BOOKKEEPER 

Post to ledger - journal Full set of books - 56oo fee paid. 

COPYRIGHTER 

Able to produie reedy copyright, salary open 

GENERA! OFFICE 

Bosk bookeepmg 
56oo fee reimbursed 

MANAGER 

New compony, deal with people, 
566o + fee nego 

MANAGER TRAINEE 

Bust hove own cor. 
555o. 

SECRETARY 

Outgoing career minded up to 56oo 

GENERAL OFFICE 

Good type A IO key touch 
Top compony - 554o. 

SECRETARY 

Bkkg acc/pay ledger • 

565o fee paid louinol 

826-9671 
2446 Ceegee Street 
LOCKE 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 

»LEGAL STENOS- 
TYPISTS 

» MTST & MAG 
CARD 
OPERATORS 

W e have temporary assignment available now 

 apply today 

[ M A N P O W E R 

Tem porary Services 

W e ll give you all the help you need 

63o Broadway 224-9251 

 equal opportunity employer 

A C C O U N TIN G C L E R K $65o + 
Super Jab) Fantastic Cot H u rry ! 
Call Sue 828 6494 New Day Persun nel Conslts 9o1 NE t quo 41o_______ 
ACCOUNT R E P $65o4- 
' lf you o re oggressiv A like to folk. 
Coil Pick 684 868o 
F IN N E Y B Associates Personnel 
Consultants 583$ C allaghan NoJ2S 
A C C U R A T E T Y P I S T 
W illlro T n legal w o rk , d o w n tow n. 223 9»3J 
A irport Reservotianist 
A ttractive personable, need im m ed 
9/4 4481 U nited P ersonnel Consul loots 464 C S W M ilita ry D r 

$425 BANKING CAREER $475 
Proot dept! Tellers! Sorter G p tr! 
Joyce 
Best, 
923 4J66 
4IJ 
SW 
M ilita ry 
Jobs. South Piocem ent Service 

TYPISTS 
SO W P M 
STENOGRAPHERS 
8 o W P M 

TEMPORARY ASSIGNMENTS 
Call ANNA, 732-9765 

Quality Temporary Help 8 Service 
9 6 GILL RD. SUIT! 2 5 o 

BQOKKfEPER 
Accounts receivable, oavroil, type E xp erienced only 
Cal aunt 655-122o. KUEST CORP. 
W43S North 

CASHIER needed Imm ediately ■ mast typ« use calculator be bondable, pi someone w ith car M any beni s a la ry o pe n. A p p ly M a rie 
Bankers Corp. 622 Petroleum ' m er ce B ld g 
2o1 N St Ma 
I 3o-Sp rn 225 2858 M r Dawkins 

 rills. 

B A N K IN G C LE R K 
Super place, m oth m inded, lite lye utg Call now! 684 8683 
F IN N E Y B Associates Personnel 
Consultants $83$ Callaghan Nu325 

M e e t s * n i w s 
WANT AO 3 3 8 - 1 * * * 

B O A R D O P E R A T O R need ed tor relief shill fat b u rg la r a la rm com ­ p lie r M in im u m s ala ry 
Apply OOI 
Dados between loam 4pm 

Additional 

Classified 
On 

 vs ll 
I 

Is? 

H u h 

'^x>. 

.-*4 

•<. . y »•: >• 

<***. 

 n & l X * 
<"'► S la;'?.' 

/ 

 f J 

/< -.,>-^'VN'' -■ gPSSWv 

X 
I 

 i l l 

•£ 

 t 
'*** 
* 

■ii* 
•/ 
J ? SV v." 
S 

& VY 

% 

Savings as high as. 
Shop all Departments! 

Our Inventory it just two weeks away and we are loaded with stock! It's a real EMERGEN­ 
CY! We have so many odds and ends sent in from the other 21 Lack's stores (They are 
"cleaning house'", too!) that we have to ACT FAST! So if you really want to see some 
FANTASTIC PRICES on everything from odds and ends to complete furniture groupings, be at Coliseum today when the doors burst open! You'll save on living room, dining room, bedroom furniture, as well as bedding, carpeting and appliances! Shop today and SAVE! 
SA VSI SAVE! 
IT MUST BS SOLO immediately! 

I 

* I 
;:'~ir 

— . 
* * * 
» 

L L 

Etagere 

Heavily built, even holds a T.V.I Finished all around. 
Reg. $149.95 

Decorator Table 

W hite Cerulon ele- ± phant with a glass shelf. 
W a* $69.95 
37 

5 Step 
Plant 
Stand 

Five shelves, heavy w rought iron and e x p a n d e d m etal. 
Pewter color. U se outside or inside. 
Reg. $59.95 Save nearly 

$ 

^ Plus! Hundreds and Hundreds of buys like these 

$114.oo DESKS 
$57 

Student style desks. Only 4. t Save now 

MIRRORS 

From bedrooms. Sin ­ gle and double sizes. 
Your choice. 
$19 

 j j t . 

RT 

-rr 

^$1oo CHESTS 

 n r\r\r c t n l n 
I 
-i I 
I n 
Door style. Ideal for hall or extra storage. 

>»5 r e 

PW, v - '* 

,% . 

 y - - • 

3-Pc. BEDROOM 

D r e s s e r , m irro r, fu ll/ q u e e n h e a d - 
▼ board. 3 only. 

$49 

133 

DINETTE CHAIRS 

Odd, slightly damaged or left over. 
A s low as 
$5 

BAR STOOLS 

Dam aged, disco n tin ­ u e d o r o d d . O n e group, as low as 

BUMPER POOL 

Table without balls, cues, etc. 
1 only. 

$ 

$29 

$119.95 RECLINERS 
*66 

2 position, black or brown vinyl. 
Just a few. 

$ 

It's our once- 

 a-year MAJOR 

HOUSE CLEANING! Save! 

$219.95 CHEST 

5 d ra w e r b e d ro o m chest. Light oak finish. 

STORAGE UNITS 

D ra w e r u n its to fit under captain s bed. 
2 only, 

$49to$149headbo ards 
Ottomans 

66 

*39 

A large selection. All sizes, a sso rte d fin ­ ishes. A s low as 
*18 

H eavy H erculon plaid ^ c o v e rs 
R e g 
$ 4 9 9 5 
§ save 6 o % l 
While they last. 
19 

■j>4( i 
J* 

4 U ! 
Odd Tables 

D a m a g e d a n d discontinued oc­ casional tables. 
One group, priced as low as n o up 

TABLE leaves 

One group, assorted ma finishes. 
Limit 3 per customer w 

$199.95 DINETTE 

$34.95 STANDS 

F o r ste re o c o m p o ­ nents or TV, etc. 
3 only. 

O v a l t a b l e a n d 4 chairs. High pressure top. 
$99l 

$18 

$449 MICRO-WAVE 

$ 2 9 9 

$129.95 CB. RADIOS 

Just 3 left. 23 channel 
£ m 

 type. Save 6 2 % ! f c l Q 

$399.95 FREEZER 

Kelvmator. Chest t j f c a s v a v type. I only. 
M i l 

$79 lo $219 CHAIRS 
*39 

M agic Chef micro­ w ave ovens, with defrost. 2 only. 

O ne group. S lo w m overs, or slight damage. A s low as up. 

NOVELTY LAMPS 

Shaped Ike old fash- 
£ « a q toned telephone. 
▼ I 

DINING TABLES 

V a lu e s to $ 2 6 9 .9 5 . O ne sm all group, your choice 
$59*79 

Odd Lamps 

One group of lamps, some with slight dam­ age. All priced to got 
As low os 

Pictures 

Animal, contempo­ rary, still Ides and others, all framed. 
New os low os 
88 

Loveseats 

& only,Herculon love- seats that were $269 95 
. . . rush for these! 
Save 64% I 

$9.95 CARPET 

Sh a gs or level loop. 8 rolls. Now, per square yard. Choose from six colors. 

$ 9 9 

$4»$ 

REDWOOD/METAL 

Patio furniture. Entire rem aining stock, 
6o% 

SUNDAYS 
12 to 7 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— Sunday January 9 I 977 
Soaps are in a lather 

ALL 
MY 
CHILDREN: 
Line convinced Kitty to re­ m arry. Drunken Phoebe and Little Phil were in an accident. Donna found a le- 
Ciifinlate job. Christina and 
•left had a reunion. She was warned by ‘'her ghost” to tell Jeff “what really hap­ pened” when she changed item surgery to pediatrics. 
ANOTHER WORLD: 
Sharlene grew frantic that she c a n ’t b ear a child because of a quack doctor’s treatment during her bad­ gir! days. Russ went into a drunken rage when he learned she w asn’t preg­ nant and she packed her bags, headed for home Jeff made a pitch for d a n c e . after inquiring about her financial position Alice of­ fered Michael a job and a new home with his wife, but Molly rejected the move. Jaime and Pat were suspicious that Dave is dating Rachel 
Ada told 
Ken to lay off Rachel. Cine convinced Marianne to be friends with Molly in order to split the newlyweds. 
AS THE W ORLD TI BNS: 
Val accused Kim for the second time of intentionally ruining Val's life. Danresoi ved to chastise Susan for putting the idea iii Val’s head Natalie told Jay he'd latter warm up to her be­ cause Tom and Carol are getting rinse again Carol told Dick to start the di­ v e rts proceedings. John admitted to Mary that he feats Dan will turn Andrew against John. 
Dee put 
Annie iii an awkward si­ tuation by forcing Annie lo date Beau when Dee be­ cam e ill. Annie, guilty about her feelings for Beau, said she wanted to switch to an out-of-town school. 
DAYS OF OI R LIVES: A janitor in T rish ’s a p a rt­ ment building was suspect­ ed of being the obscene note writer. But a drunken Jack burst into T rish ’s a p a rt­ ment. and at knifepoint be­ gan ti. assault her sexually. 
She hit him with an iron, iu>t as Mike arrived Mar­ iana and Don found a scrapbook of Jack’s which included photos of Irish with the notation, “ hooker like her m o th er.” Linda and Bob grew closer. Bob agreed to find Brooke a better job. 
THE DOCTORS: 
Paul and Stacy announced their secret wedding and her pregnancy. The Dancy children learned their father. Barney, is back and lias been admitted to the hospital with hepatitis. 
Eleanor gave Lew a gift of 
$•">oo to attend art school 
Paul made it look as though 
Althea’s becoming negli­ gent at work. 
THE EDGE OF NIGHT: 
Nicole wasn’t killed. It was a plot to catch D arcy’s secretary, who was arrest­ ed. Beau told Nancy she wouldn’t have to work to get information on Mike, hut that T im m y ’s life is still in danger if she opens her mouth. Steve told 
Danny he intends to date 
Tracy. Beau offend to put 
Steve on the Acc of Club’s payroll. 
GENERAL 
HOSPITAL: 
Monica refused to grant permission for Jeff’s su r­ gery'. T ern and Steve dis­ covered that Steve is Jeff’s luther, and Steve gave his l»ermission, Diana acciden­ tally ran over 
Mike. 
Heather told Diana she s pregnant. Adam and Rick wunit'd Lesley not to go to 
Chicago to see Mac. Cam’s croity-. who has news on l-aura 
GLIDING LIGHT: l eggy learned there’s no reason she can t conceive. Holly told Barbara she wouldn't use Rita’s situation to win 
Ed back, unless lie r e ­ turned of his own free will 
Rita resolved to tell Btl the truth about Granger. Roger tluinked Rita for agreeing not to mention his name. 
LOVE OF LIFE: 
Van noticed that Lynn enjoyed 
Ben s “ brotherly” atten­ tions. Betsy agreed to spend a skiing weekend with Ben. Felicia’s having m orning sickness sym p­ toms. Rich bought Cal the 
•mill House. She admitted stic wants to get pregnant. 
Tom grew suspicious of 
Arlene’s past, thanks to 
Ian’s intimations. 
LOVERS 
AND 
FRIENDS; (Debut week) 
The middle class Saxton family moved next door to the wealthy Cushing elan. 
The 
Saxtons include m other and father Josie and Lester (a reformed al­ coholic), th eir children 
Hhett (who has an old flume, Connie Ferguson), 
Jason, Bentley, Tessa and 
Eleanor (who is married to 
George Kimball, who fin­ anced the Saxton move and secured a job for Bes). The 
Cushings include Edith and 
Richard (who’s having an affair with secretary Bar­ bara Manners), their chil­ dren Megan (who’s e n ­ gaged to rich Desmond Ha­ m ilton), and bohemian dropout Austin (who had a disastrous love afiair with form er neighbor Laurie 
Brewster). Austin’s intri­ gued by the Saxtons but 

E d ith ’s snooty Les and 
Josie feared they were mov ing into a neighborhood beyond their d a s? . Even though social-clim bing 
Eleanor masterminded the move. she, too. is having second thoughts. 
ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
Cathy rem em bered that 
Megan is dead, but nothing about Kevin. Larry and 
Karen split. She dated Dr. 
Alex Bennett to make Larry- jealous. Matt complained to 
Dorian that Joe’s been hit­ ting the bottle and not do- 

Miss your fa v o r ite sr,ap a fu r a ' C itril up with this h a n d \ r u n d o w n on this n ook's hapfM'tiings 

 mg his work. 
RYAN S HOPE: 
While 
Pat and Faith spent a lov­ ing weekend at her beach- house. Dee insisted to 
Father McShane and Bobby that sh e ’s pregnant. .Jill was rushed to the hospital with signs of having a mis­ 

 carriage. Seneca was fur­ ious she’d left the house for a date .with Frank. Jack grew paranoid about his impotency and insisted 
Alex do corrective surgery immediately. 
SEARCH FOK TOMOR­ 
ROW: 
After Jennifer was arrested for 
E un ice’s m urd er, the gun sh e ’d planted in John’s room was found. He can be tried for conspiracy. Steve agreed to go on tour with Melissa 
M anchester. Gary found out about Bruce and Gail, 

 who are working on a crime expose article and were warned they could be hurt. 
THE YOUNG AND THE 
RESTLESS: Stuart disco­ vered Nancy in a state mental hospital. He sug­ gested that Chris take Kar­ en to the hospital to force 
Nancy out of her catatonic state. Laurie and Lance announced their elopement to an astonished Vanessa, then left for their honey­ moon. Thanks to Laurie, 
Peggy began seeing Jack again. 

Soap 
Opera 
Review 

By ION-MICHAEL REED 

Man gets life for killing daughter 

ODESSA, Tex. (AP) - 
An unemployed truck driver has been sentenced to life in prison — only one day after be was arrested and charged with the heat­ ing death of his two-year-old stepdaughter, officials said. 

Howard Nelson Lamb. 31. who moved here from Fin­ ley, Ohio, last March, pleaded guilty Friday in state district court to mur­ dering Kristy Leigh Math­ ias, whose battered body was found by police officers 
Thursday morning. 
The child’s mother. 

Esther Joan Lamb, 24. was indicted Friday by a state grand jury on two counts of injury to a child. She was held in lieu of a $1oo,ooo bond. 
* Officials said an autopsy revealed that the girl died from a ruptured intestine that officials said was caused by a beating 
Christmas Eve. 
The child also had a bro­ ken arni and multiple bruises, authorities said. 
Dist. Atty. John Green said he regretted he was not able to seek the death penalty against Lamb. 

Una»*emble*l 

Hrnvy*duty fram e 

Our rugged 2o “Chopper” bike for boys. 
W ith sp rin g suspensio n 
O fro n t fork, stu rd y kick- stand and coaster brake. 
Reg. 129.99 

U natiem bled. 

Model 4475 
MOO off. 
1ox9' storage building with 6'6" peak. 
14988 
Regularly 249.95 

G a lv a n iz e d ste e l w ith 
9 ' 7 " x 9 ' 4 ” i n t e r i o r . 
Green w ith w hite trim . 

W4ute rinyi-dad ca lanai. 

2367 
AVE *1oo 
CONTEMPORARY CONSOLE STEREO 
22988 
REGULARLY 329.95 

Save *7o 

AM/FM/FM-stereo, 8-track recorder/player. Pull-out drawer holds auto, changer. 

Microwave oven with defrost cycle. 
Cooking guide makes meal preparation easy. Big ca­ pacity, 2o-min. timer. 
249 
Regularly 319.95 
88 

Limited quantities on some items. clearance sale! 

Drastic reductions! Hurry in for sensational savings! 

HOUSEWARE BUYS 

Save $3o 

MAGIC-KOTE* 
COOKWARE SET 
2 9 88 
REG. 59.99 
1o pc. aluminum. 

Save 5.11 

PEANUT BUTTER 
MACHINE 
1 6 88 
REG. 21.99 
Limited quantities. 

SELECTED FLATWARE 
Stainless steel, assorted pieces............. 
2 U /O OFF 
$1o O FP SINGLE DOOR SHELF CABINET q o 8 8 
5 shelf, 15x12x6o", Reg. J2 99 . 
..... 3 2 

45 OFF! 42” STEEL WARDROBE CABINET 
. 
With shell Reg 89 99 
4 4 

‘IO off 

BROILER 
OVEN 
2 9 88 
REG. 39.99 
Continuous clean 

52% off 

SHOWER 
CURTAIN 
LINERS 
J 88 

REG. 3.99 
Asst'd colors. 

49% O FP MASON JARS 
Qt. size. 12 to a case. Reg. 
I SO 
2-99 .................................. I 

SPORTING GOODS 

21% off 

 p r o f e s s io n a l 
GOLF BALLS 

* 1 1 DOZ. 
REG. 13 99 
Title-ist", Maxfli*, more 

Save 7.11 

CROSMAN 766 
AIR RIFLE 
3 2 s8 
REG. 39.99 
Use BB's or pellet*. 

14% OFF! PLASTIC I-QT THERMOS 
Unbreakable. Reg 3.49 ............................................. 2 
6.11^1 F P RUBBER BAND GUN q88 
Safe shooting. 3o bands inch Keg 15.99........ ....... 9 
WARDS NCAA ATHLETIC SHOES 
M 
Asht’d sizes . 
2 U / o OFF 
ENTIRE STOCK OF TENNIS CLOTHES 
Marty asst’d styles n f \ Q f and sizes 
........ 
2 U v O OFF 

Save 7.11 

BOYS’ 2 o " 
HI-RISE BIKE 
4 2 “ 
REG. 49.88 
49.99 girls1 bike. 42.88 

Save 5.11 

STAN SMITH 
TENNIS RACKET 
1 3 “ 
REG. 18.99 
Professional quality 

AUTOMOTIVE NEEDS 

1o.11 off 

ELECTRONIC 
IGNITION 
3 9 “ 
REG. 49.99 
Reduces pollution. 

Save s135 

WARDS 
AM/FM CB 
1 4 4 “ 
REG. 279.99 
Model 73244 

Save 7.11 
Decorate your home with our lovely bent glass ceiling light. 
12 
8 8 

$1.62 OFF! CLASSIC CAR WAX KIT 
Chrome, vinyl cleaner Reg 1o.5o...... 
SIS OFF! AIR SHOCKS 
Smooth riding comfort pin. long durability. Reg 59 OB ............. 

8 ss 

4 4 u 

REG. 19.99 
Add elegance and charm to your home. Bent glass ceiling light has sim ulated crystals, satin etched glass. 15” diameter. 

Save $2o 
Chandelier with tulip shaped shades or 
8-lt. crystal chandelier 
2988 

$8 OFP POWR-KRAFT*' SOCKET SET 
32-piece, metric or standard 
Regular 27.88 ............ ..................................... . . . _ 1 9 “ 
4.11 OFP FIRE EXTINGUISHER 
Fights wood, liquid, electrical fires. Regular 16.99........................................ 
1 2 “ 
$3o OFP CUT-WELD TORCH KIT 
Cuts W ” steel, welds 1 s”. 
Was 69.95 ..................................v.................... 
3 9 “ 
$8o OFP IO" RADIAL ARM SAW 
Powr-Kraft saw partially assembled Regular $339 ............................... 
‘ 2 5 9 
$3o OFP 23o AMP WELDER 
Regular $169................................... ............ 
. ’ 1 3 9 

Your 
Choice 

Bulbs extra. 

REG. 49.99 each 

(A) 22” diameter chandelier 
A ntiqued brass-finished trim , w al­ nut-colored center col. 22” diam. 

(B) 8-lt. crystal chandelier 
36 crystal prisms hang from leafed bobeches. Cast center col. 22” Diam. 

PAINTING NEEDS 

Save 1.11 

2-FT. WOOD 
STEPLADDER 
3 8 8 

REG. 4.99 
Folds Compactly. 

5.11 off 

ALUMINUM 
5-FT. LADDER 
1 4 88 

REG. 19.99 
Lightweight, sturdy. 

$7o OFF? I-HP SPRAYER COMPRESSOR 
Regularly 319 99, now only............... ............. 
$1oo OFF! 2-HP SPRAYER COMPRESSOR 
Regularly 419.99, now only................................ 

$1oo OFF! 3-HP SPRAYER COMPRESSOR 
Regularly 519.99, now only.............................. 

*249 
’319 
’419 

Save ‘IO 
*3 o f f . 
2 g a l . p a il 
LIFE INTERIOR 
EXTERIOR LATEX 
LATEX PAINT 
1 5 98 
o9 9 
O 
GAL. 
KCC. 25.98 
REG. 11.99 hite only 
IOO colors. 

BUILDING NEEDS 

DAMAGED OR DISC. CABINETS 
Assorted styiesH 
Assorted styles o r c f i and su e s ......................... 2 5 -5 U VO OFF 
‘99 

2 o % 
OFF 

$2o O FP FRANKLIN STOVE 
No. 2o142. Accessories extra. Reg. 119.95 
ALL STORM AND SCREEN DOORS 
Entire stock reduced 
......... .............. 

PLUMBING & HEATING 

6.97 off 
KITCHEN 
SINK FAUCET 
1988 
REG. 25.95 
Fits 3-hole sink. 

‘25 off 
WARDS 3o-GAL. 
WATER HEATER 
1o9“ 
REG. 134.99 
53,ooo BTU input burner. 

7.o7 OFF! 2-VALVE SINK FAUCET 
With spray. Reg. 29.95 _____________ 

$3o OFF! 4o-GAL. WATER HEATER 
Wards best. Reg. 144.99 _______ ____ 

. 2 2 “ 
114“ 

Save now 
‘15 off 
ALL WALL 
WARDS TUB 
FURNACES 
ENCLOSURE 

1 5 % 
OFF 
64“ 
REG. PRICES 
REG. 79.95 
Natural gas & propane. 
Tempered safety glass. 
Installation available 
ELECTRICAL NEEDS 

$2u OFF! ELEGANT CHANDELIERS 
Bronze and crystal Reg. 39.99 ......... 

DISCONTINUED LIGHT FIXTUR 
. . . 19“ 
DISCONTINUED LIGHT FIXTURE*- 
Asst’d styles ................ a............. Z U - 5 U /o OFF 
2o-5o% DFE 
FIREPLACE ENSEMBLES 
Special selection ............. 

HARDWARE VALUES 

LAWN & GARDEN SHOP 

Save ‘7o 
1ox9’ STORAGE 
BUILDING 
129“ 
REG. 199.95 
Galvanized steel. 

Save 41% 
WARDS SOUD 
REDWOOD TUB 
2 88 

REG. 4.88 
14” diameter. 

$7o OFF! PRE-FAR BUILDING orsrxs* 
Model 36oo2. Reg. 299.95 .............................. . 
L L 
$2o OFF! 3'/j-HP LAWN MOWER 
» oH8 
2o“ steel deck rotary. Reg. 119.99 ....................... 5 /9 
$2o OFF! REAR DISCHARGE MOWER 
, 
2o-inch deck. Reg. 169.99 .................................. 1 4 9 
$15o OFP WARDS LAWN TRACTOR 
$ „ * 
36 inch cu t Reg. 849.95 ..................................... o 9 9 
$3oo OFP GARDEN TRACTOR 
16 HP. Reg. $1,599 ....................................... 1299 

*2o off 
12-INCH GAS 
CHAIN SAW 
99“ 
REG. 119.95 
2.1-cu. in. engine. 

23% off 
CANADIAN 
PEAT MOSS 
6“ 4- 

5.99 bag 

■CU. f t . 
REG. 8 99 
3.88 

CB’s & STEREOS 

$9o OFP ROYCE NO. 612 CB RADIO 
No. 5o5, 23 channels. Was 189.95 ................... 99 
$9o OFP ROYCE NO. 62o CB 
- 
No. 411.23-chan ne Is. Was 219.95 — ................ 129 
*1oo OFP QUADRAPHONIC COMPONENT 
With 8-track. Na 6415. Reg. 189 9 5...................... 89 

$71 OFP 19-INCH COLOR CONSOLE 
So ~ 
No. 17196. Reg. 469.95 ..... 
398 

WASHERS—OVENS 

$1oo OFP 12-CYCLE WASHER 
No. 6736. Reg. 399.95 ........ ....... ......................... 299 

$7o OFP NO. 8o37 MICROWAVE 
O o o 8 8 
Variable cook control. Reg. 359.95 ....... 
289 

Save *1oo 
WARDS MICRO­ 
WAVE OVEN 
329“ 
NO. 8186 
REG. 429.95 
With gourmet control. 

Save *11o 

WARDS MICRO- 
WAVE OVEN 
379“ 
No. 6195 
REG. 469.95 
I let rust cycle. 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY WHEN YOU CAN ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARGE-ALL ACCOUNT? NO DOWN PAYMENT IS REQUIRED 
Out to save? We make it easy. OTEjn O 

McAllister named for annual Jaycee award 

 ra g e • / *C 

W . W . MCALLISTER III 

W \\ 
Mr b lis ter III has broil solootor] 
“ Outstanding; Young Man of 1676" by flip 
San Antonio Jaycees. 

The award, presented annually to a San 
Antonian and under the age of 36 for out­ standing service to the community, will be given to him at a civic luncheon Jan. 27 at tile St Anthony Hotel 

McAllister, 34. is president of San An­ tonio Sayings Assn and its affiliated entities, SASA Mortgage Corp and SASA 
Development Corp 
• 

The native San Antonian is a graduate of 
Alamo Heights High School, the University 

 of Texas at Austin and Indiana University 

He is president of the Metropolitan 
YMCA. a director of the Greater San An­ tonio C ham ber of Com m erce and board ch a irm a n of the C o n su m er 
C red it 
Counseling Service. 

McAllister is also serving as director of the Research and Planning Council in San 
Antonio, director of the Refired Senior 
Volunteer Program and a director of the 
United Way campaign 

He is a m em ber of the Texas Cavaliers and serves on various steering committees of the Chamber of Commerce 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday January 9 I 9 7 7 
Med Center lauds veteran worker 

^ long time employe of the ad m ittin g office has been named “ Employe of the Year" for 1676 at Santa 
Rosa Medical Center 
Mrs. Carolyn C h arles, rese rv atio n co o rd in ato r, was selected from a list of 
.4 candidates who had been chosen em p lo y es of the month during the past year 
She will receive a plaque symbolic of the honor af the annual em ploye se rv ice 

 awards presentations Jan 
26 
A native San Antonian, 
Mrs C harles has worked the past 16 v ea rs for the 
Santa Rosa. all of her sec 
\ tee in admitting 
A year after she was em ployed, the Children's Ho spital was opened and she m oved from the g e n e ral hospital to c h ild ren 's ad nutting 
Her resp o n sib ilities in 

 i/2 PRICE 
A$9t’d *leepwear loungewear, robes 

$ 4 . 
$ 1 2 
TO 
JU M i 
REGULAR 
4 

S ave now on all w inter weight sleep styles. M any quilted and fleece fabrics. 
Assorted colors and sizes. 

SAVE 4.11 
M en’s soft suede slip-ons 
888 
REG \Z s s 

Shiny metal trim accents fle x ib le p ig sk in ca su a l with cushion rubber sole, heel D 7’ 2 -ii, 12. 

SAVE >/2 
Select group of m en’s jeans 

$ 6 to$ 7 
REGUL AR $12.$14 

C h o o se from ou r w id e s e le c t io n o f je a n s . A s ­ so r ted c o lo r s and fla re sty les A sst'd sizes. Easy care fabrics. 

CHAIN SHOP 

Special buy. 
Catalog-Overstock Bedspread 

P r e tty s t y le s in c h o ic e of pattern and color Som e are fully quilted 
5o% off 
Reg price* 

Out-they 

Look at these am azing bargains! M any m ore in the store 

WOMEN’S WEAR BUYS 

Save 25% 

LEATHER 
JACKETS 
5 6 25to 1 12 5l> 
REG $75*SISO 
Af-st'd short styles 

25% off 

SELECT GROUP 
OF SPORTSWEAR 
6 75to1 8 75 
REG $9-125 
Asst'd styles & sizes 

65% OFF! SELECT CROUP OF WIGS 
. 44 
Many styles and shades Reg 12 95 
4 

3o% O FF CONTROL TOP PANTY HOSE 
- *9 
Nvlon reinforced panty Reg 1.99 
I 
2 29 x width panty hose 
1.59 

CHILDRENSWEAR 

25% off 

GIRLS' ASST'D 
SLACKS 
3 74to4 49 
REG 4 99.5 93 
Many styles, colors, sizes 

Save 25% 

BOYS* ASST D 
SLACKS 
4 49 
REG 5 99 
Not all sizes, colors. 

GIRLSWEAR VALUES 

»> OFF! GIRLS', JR TEEN SPORTSWEAR 
Select from knit fop-., pants. 
S o ’*!' sweater. Reg $5 to $11 
£ 
TO*7 

SHOES FOR WOMEN 

Save l/s 
Vz off 
WOMENS 
WOMEN’S 
DRESS SHOES 
CASUAL SHOES 

No 

 o 
H* 

•vID 

5 47to*8 
RLO 12 99-121 
REG 999-$16 
Special group 
Special group 

5o% OFF! WOMEN S SANDALS 
Assorted styles 
Reg 3 99 12 66 
IM 
£47 
I 
TOD 

BOYSWEAR BUYS 

Save 25% 

/ / i c 

\ j r $ 
Save now on Wards fash ion clearance of select dresses and pantsuits. 

FURNITURE BUYS 

85o OO 
TO M M 5o 

REGULAR $17-$45 

Here*s your chance to get a great looking wardrobe together at an a lto g eth er w elcom e reduction. 
Newsy dresses and many versa­ tile p an tsu its in terrific sty les and colors. Assorted sizes. Hurry now while best selection lasts 

THE CHAIN SHOP 

• » OFF’ YOUNG MEN S PANTS. JEANS 
Assorted styles 
$o 
$ * /» 
Reg $16 $2o 
... 
O - IU 

MENSWEAR BUYS 

3o% off 

ALL OUTERWEAR 
IN STOCK 
9 o9to 1 7 5o 
REG 1299-125 
Asst'd styles, sizes 

Save 25% 

BRUSHED AND 
CORDUROY JEANS 
5"ro749 
REG. 7 99.9 99 
Slim. reg husky 

2o% OFF' BOYS' ASST'D SPOR TSH I RTS 
Long leeves, prints, western. 
#>99 
#vS9 more Reg 4 99 1199 
3 TO 9 

Save 25% 

BOYS* PULLOVER 
KNIT SHIRTS 
2" to5 " 
REC. 3 99.7 99 
Long sleeve sh irts are polyester/cotton Asst'd sizes 

V s off 

BOYS’ DENIM 
JACKETS 
5 " t o 6 s5 
REG 8 99*9 99 
P o ly e ste r/c o tto n , blue color, asst'd sizes 

42 to 61% off 

MEN’S ASST'D 
UNDERWEAR 
77* 
REG. I 33.12 
Briefs, T shirts, more 

Special 

SELECT GROUP 
OF MEN S BELTS s2 
A a d drew belts 
Mn ny style-. 

39*56% OFF! SPEC GROUP MEN S SLAC KS 
Patterns and solids. Polyester woven knits Reg $16 22 SO....... 
AM 

SAVE ON YARD GOODS 

44% OFF! SLINGSHOT GAUZE 
Poly/cot 45”. Math wash Reg 2 59 

ASSORTED FABRIC REMNANTS 
Wide selection now reduced.............. 

I 44 
I 
YD. 
5o% OFF 

LINENS & BEDDING 

MISMATCHED SHEETS 
Assorted patterns 
Reg 4 99 12 99 
2o-35% of> 

CHECK THESE VALUES 

2o% OFF! A S SID FASHION JEWELRY 
Limited quantities 
Reg $4 $25 
J 
TO’2o 

Save *29 

SHANNON 4o-PC. 
CHINA SET 
39** 
REG. M 98 
White on white 

’29 off 

DAMASK 4o-PC. 
CHINA SET 
3988 
REC 68 98 
Blue on white 

33% OFF! CRYSTAL STEMWARE 
Prelude pattern. Reg $3 each 

Special! ASSTD CHROMEWEARE 
Many pieces to chorm-e from 

’2 
9“ 

CURTAINS—DRAPERIES 

Vz Price 
ONE-OF-A-KIND 
CUSTOM DRAPERY! 
5o% ol( 
REG PRICES 
Asst'd patterns 

2o% O FP 27” FLOOR PILLOW 
Crushed velvet Reg $15 . 
I 99 chair pad. I” ........................ 

Special 

ALL PRISCILLA 
CURTAINS 
2o% oh 
REG PRICES 
Assorted colors 

 ll 
BS 

Save *7o 

EA. AMERICAN 
PINE BAR 

2 4 9 * * 
REG 349 99 
$85 match bar stools, $7o 

Save *2o 

HEX. OR SQUARE 
COMMODE 

6 9 * * 
REG 89 99 
Mediterranean style 

$7o OFF? CO! INTR Y FRENCH SOFA 
OTO«8 
Rusty copper. Reg 349 99 
2 7 a 
179.99 Matching chair 
..... 
129 88 
159.99 Matching cocktail table 
119.88 
139 SMI Matching end table 
99 88 

‘7o off 

MODERN STYLE 
VINYL CHAIR 

1 2 9 s8 
REG 199 99 
< besting color 

Save *5o 

WARDS 5-PC. 
DINETTE SET 

2 1 9 88 
REG. 269 99 
(Iva! table, I leat 

$2o OFF! CONTEMPORARY CKT TABLE 
Walnut Reg 69 99 
4 “ 
69 9o Matching hex fable 
49.88 
69 99 Matching sq table 
49.88 

SWIVEL ROCKERS 

Save ‘5o 

SWIVEL 
ROCKER 

7 9 “ 
REG. 129 99 
Black vinyl 

Save *6o 

MOD. SWIVEL 
ROCKER 

9 9 s8 
RLG. 15999 
Green, blue fur 

FLOOR COVERING 

Save 23% 

SUN DIAL 
NO WAX VINYL 
£ 4 9 
O 
SQ. YO 
REG. 8.49 
Asst’d colors, limited 

33% off 

WARDS INDOOR- 
OUTDOOR CARPET 
19 9 
I 
SQ YD 
REG. 2 99 
Iii stork throw rugs 1 5 / off 

OFFICE SUPPLIES 

53% off 
DIGITAL 
THERMOMETER 

REG 3 99 
Varies 62 88°F 

Save *35 

WARDS MOVIE 
PROJECTOR 

6 9 s8 
REG 1o4 99 
Automatic threading 

18% O FF SLIDE WHEEL 
Holds IOO slides Reg 3.29 
TRAY 

 elude' a s s ig n in g ro o m s. fak in g re s e rv a tio n s and handling general admitting duties as they p ertain to children 
Admitting children lo the hospital is md alw.i\ s an ea sy task . hut Mrs Charles draws upon her many years ol experience to calm Un 
'fears of a child 
Formula 
What works wonders, she says, are soothing words, a friendly sm ile, a free co luring book and a reassur mg 
No, I d o n ’t have any shots to give you'" 
M rs 
C h a rle s and h er husband, Leo. have been m a rrie d 21 y e a rs 
They have one daughter, Becky, a sophomore al Highlands high school Her husband operates a grocery store 

N orth Fast ISH 
('Pts alinit classes 

R egistration for North 
East School District’s con tinning education classes 
(or adults will he held from 
7 to 6 p in Jan 17 and 16 
Registration will be held iii the M a c A rth u r High 
School library, 2623 Billers 
Road 
T he sp rin g sessio n c la s s e s will m eet for ap­ proximately Id weeks oil 
Mondays and T hursdays 
Tuition vanes according to the course 
Courses offered include 
W orking w ith 
S tain ed 
(.la s s , Interm ediate Span­ ish, glut.ir. sewing, auto m e c h a n ic s for w om en, home repair, macrame, iii t e n o r d e s ig n , w eld in g , speed reading, bookkeep­ ing and furniture refinish- mg 
A dvance reg ist rat ion may be completed by mail or at the Continuing Kdu cation Office, 1o333 Broad­ way 

T w o are citril for 
( h ii S en iee role 

Robert Ibarra and Mar celino Gutierrez have been selected recipients of the 
1676 top honor award bv the 
Civil Service Office iii W a­ shington DC 
They were cited for their efforts i i i the San Antonio 
A rea 
Spa tu s h -Speak m g 
Cornual, a local program of the Civil Service Off lee 
The SSP Council consists of Hispanics representative of federal agencies to pm mote the role of Hispanics 

 i i i the federal government and its respective agencies 
E m m a C arbone, p r e s i­ dent, and .Dei net rio Rodri­ guez, vice president, p re ­ sented {barra ami G utier­ rez with their awards. 

Save *3o 

EXECUTIVE 
SWIVEL CHAIR 
69s8 
REG 99 99 
Swivel adjust* 

Save l2o 

.86 CUBIC FT. 
SAFE, CABINET 
11988 
REG. 139 95 
Furniture styling 

FOR FAST, EASY SH O PPIN G JU ST SAY "CHARGE ITT WITH A W ARD S C H A R G -A LL ACCOUNT 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P M daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH-35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
I 

M any item s also availab le at W ard's N eighborhood Stores. 

V i 

I 
V 

ALICIA BRADDOCK 

San A i lit titian gel* lier flight ^iti"* 

A licia 
C. 
B rad d o c k , daughter of Mr. and Mrs 
Thomas Edward Braddock of 89o9 Willmon Way, has won IHT wings and is now a flight attendant with Delta 
Air Lines she completed the tour* week co u rse at D e lta ’s 
T ra in in g School at th e 
Mansfield Atlanta Interna­ tional Airport and is now based in Miami, H a 
Miss Braddock gradual cd from Thomas Jefferson 
High School aud received an A A. degree from San 
Antonio College 

Artliriti* “ r o u p pick's director 

The South ( antral Texas 
C hapter of the A rth ritis 
Foundation has named J 
Edward Low as executive director lziw is a past executive director of the American 
Cancer Society in Lubbock and has served as the exe­ cu tiv e d ir e c to r fo r th e 
United* Cerebral 
Palsy 
Assn of the Coastal Bend 
Area 
He also is executive d ir­ ector of the Johnny Rodri­ guez 
Life 
Enrichm ent 
( e n t e r tor m u lti- h a n d i­ capped children and adults in South Texas, As execu­ tive director, Low' hopes to educate the professional and lay persons of San An­ tonio on m o d e rn p r o c e ­ dures of arthritis manage* ment 

$ 

Simulated wood 

17196 

WARDS AUTO COLOR CONSOLE TV 
$ 
Easy 1-button tuning. AFC for best possible reception. 
19-inch diagonal screen. 
REGULARLY 469.95 
398 

SAVE HOO 
CONTEMPORARY CONSOLE STEREO 
88 
AM E M F M-stereo. 8-track recorder player. Pull-out drawer holds auto, changer. 229 
REGULARLY 329.95 

Simulated wood. Unaiaembled 

61o5 
SAVE ’IOO 
WARDS COMPLETE STEREO SYSTEM ' 
88 
AM/FM/FM-sfcereo, 8-track recorder, auto, changer, delude speakers, center. 199 
Reg. 299.95 comb. 

 iTMTiTil LAST DAYS 

■ I 

CB/PA switch converts unit to public address. 

A N L b l a n k e r reduces auto ignition noise 

R F g a in s w itc h lets you adjust receiving range. 

V a r ia b le to n e improves audio in noisy areas. 

B ig S -R F m e t e r shows transmit receive strength 

Save $5o 

Wards portable 5- cycle dishwasher. 
199“ 
Regularly 249.95 

P o ts /p a n s cy cle for to u g h job s. E n e rg y - saver switch saves elec- tric ity . S afety door, porcelained interior. 

Simulated wood cabinet. 

Adv a need. in leg rat cd circuit - ic p la t» I hi o! tho 
I ? t.iU I or t i i i Iv i ( l i a b l e opera t ion and "on channel accuracy W ith plug in m i k t . m ounting hardwait 
Mobile CB a n te n n a , low reg. p r ic e .................................. 24.99 
WAS 189 9 ' 

12926 

Deluxe 19" diagonal TV with I-button tuning. 
88 

Regularly 449.95 

P ushb utton Auto Color retrieves preset color, tin t, contrast and brightness for a perfect picture. Slotted m ask tube and in-line gun assure sharp images, accu­ rate color. AFC captures strongest signal. A ntennas. 

$ 
Save 

W ards 
No. 5o5 

Royce 612 Save $9o 

Full 23-channel operation from 2 crystals. 

Room air conditioners...now at our lowest prices of 1977.* 

5ooo-BTU portable air conditioner. 

5o14 

W W * 
IO y o u VUU It you p u r U M * 
• n u . tm 
«i mo 
Am Conation* Solo PKO ami at any limo 
(Arm,9 1*77 WokU a s a rta * . rn lowor 

( m e a h a r n g n u * o d . u n d w n a u a rt rn a m it tta m 
9* mo I H M m a tt* 
M o m g n tn o r-y 
Ward rn* Om uAJh fohaxl mo <***o>on,. 
» « o rtAtna nmpy bm* mo tm land. uarm pneo oorutooto lo tho Mao oMormg 

Lightweight cabinet weigh»-in at only 51 lbs... it’s room-to-room portable. 

Air director* adjust left or right to provide proper air flow variation. 

Comfortable-grip handle lets you hold unit easily, carry it anywhere \ ou want 

Automatic thermostat; two cooling specda and two fun speeds also available 

Our rotary com pressor has a minimum of moving parts for fewer repairs. 

MOC*! 
BTL 
K KOLLA BLY 
SALK 

5725 
58oo 
229.95 
1 9 9 .8 8 

5645 
6ooo 
269.95 
2 2 9 .8 8 

5263 
2o,ooo 
459.95 
3 9 9 .8 8 

I>eltm* model* aUo on naif. 
$5 
Holds your selection up to $2oo in layaway 
’til May. $1o holds it when it’s $2oo or more. 
$25o 

BE SURE TO BRING YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL CAPO A LO N G -IT’S THE MOST CONVENIENT WAY TO SHOP AT ANY WARDS STORE 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
1H 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

Many item s on these pages available at Wards Neighborhood Stores. 
M M U 
( 

Convertible-bed zigzag is 2 machines in I. 
88 

I ts flat-bed sewing with a plus: flip the wings down and get an open arm for sewing sleeves, cuffs and more. 
4 stretch stitches. Built-in buttonholer, blindhemmer. 
Open-arm zigzag, 2 stretch stitches, reg. $24o, $169 

Regularly 

F lip th e w in g s u p for regular flat-bed sewing. 
With control, accessories. 

Save $5o 

A a 

I 

71oo 

 r 

Save $5 

Wards jiffy vac for quick pickups. 
1 9 88 

Regularly 24.95 
Lightweight yet power­ ful. Combination rug/ floor nozzle with Im­ position brush. Edge cleaning suction power. 

Ask for a demonstration 

8o27 

IN 

o-*| 

 i l l O ' I 
1 
I t ; . I J 

 r n 

TO SHOWN STEAKS IN 
Meows. ADO WARDS 
GULL BY CORNING* 
•SIMONI Y 17.9S 

‘Ii I 

$5o off. 
Microwave oven with automatic defrost. 

26988 
Regularly $319.95 

6oo-watt cooking power. 
Microwave ovens from $178. 
Oven carts low as 27.95. 

Variable speed gourmet control 

Save $1oo 
Microwave oven with built-in browner. 
Cuts most cook times by 
75%. Holds a big turkey. 
Q 
Q o O 

Regularly 489.95 

8195 

Auto. defrost cycle. More. 

8186 

TOMOWN STY.AM IN 
SECONDS ADO WARDSl calli BV COBBING." 
EXTRA ASI OO 

SAVE ‘IOO 

FAST COOK TIMES 

Roast beef, mod. 
6 min/lb. 
Frozen fish fillet 
8 min 

4 baked potatoes 
12 min. 

VARIABLE POWER MICROWAVE OVEN 

Cuts most cook times by 
£ \ Q Q 
75%. Varied cook speeds, 
£ defrost cycle, big oven. 

Regularly 429.95 ave 
$14o 

Appliance \klues! 

Trainload purchases mean huge savings. Why wait? Why pay more? Prices are extra low now! 

Save *12o 

Deluxe, 18-cubic foot top-mount refrigerator is great for families. 

88 
359 
Regularly 479.95 

• I fs all-frostless, so you never have to defrost again 
• Big 4.7-cubic foot freezer 
• 7-day meat keeper stores fresh meat without freezing 
• Twin crispers help fruits and vegetables stay fresh 
• Three shelves adjust easily 
• Egg rack • 2 cold controls 
• Moves on adjustable rollers 

ICE MAKER AVAILABLE, EXTRA 

Save $14o 

Deluxe refrigerator: roomy 2o.1-cubic foot 
3-door side-by-side. 

88 
459 
Regularly 599.95 

• Ifs all-frostless so you can forget defrosting forever 
• 2nd door in big 6.58-cu.ft. freezer helps cut cold loss 
• Four cantilevered shelves in refrigerator adjust easily 
• 7-day fresh meat keeper 
• Full-width produce crisper 
• Two dairy compartments 
• Moves on adjustable rollers 

ICE MAKER AVAILABLE, EXTRA 

Spark ignition. 

H3o off. 

3o" gas range with electric ignition. 
29988 
Regularly 429.95 

The energy-saving pilotless ignition is designed to save up to 35f> on your gas bill by elim inating gas waste of pilot lights. Handy continuous-cleaning oven/ 
W ards g as ranges start as low a s 
199.95 

WARDS CONVENIENT CHARO-ALL CREDIT PLAN MAKES BUYING APPLIANCES ON A BUDGET EASIER—NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED 
I 
Appliance reliance. That’s us. pa r t'll 

7325 
Permanent-press washer and dryer. 
2-speed washer. 
H andles all your vvashables. 4 water levels, bleach dis­ penser, %-hp motor. 

,8 8 

Regular 339.95 

5-cycle dryer. 
5 temp settings in­ clude au to m atic perm anent-press. 
Gas dryer $3o more. 

,88 

Regular 259.95 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 977 

" M o o f c o 
WE W ANT TO BE YOUR FAVORITE STORE 

SALE PRICES 
GOOD THRU 
TUESDAY 

LADIES* SELECTED 
BRUSHED 
SLEEPWEAR 
8 8 

EACH 

2 pc. pajamas in sizes 32-4o. Sleep shirt w bikini in sizes S M I, 
SELECTION MAY 4s 
VARY BY STORE 

LADIES’ 
DUSTERS 
388 

EACH 

Big Selection of Short dusters with 
Peter Pan or notched collars and bottom front. In pink, blue, lilac, or maize colors in sizes 12-2o. 

Ex-Sizes 4o-44 ............$ 4 . 8 8 

BOYS* PVC 
JACKETS 

REG. 12.96 

Th* 
Popular 
'leathsf-look'' with rayon lining. A warm jock*! without bulk, wind and water proof Boys 8 to 
18 

BOYS’ KNIT 
SLACKS 
o 8 8 

EACH 

Dressy tailoring in 1oo% polyester knit. Solid colors and patterns. 
Sizes 8 18 

SHOP THE EASY WAY AT W o o L C o Y .. “ CHARGE IT!” 

BED PILLOW 
ASSORTMENT 

2 
„ $ 6 
REG. 3.88 

Soft, non allergenic bed pillows Stork up now and rove1__________________ 

 xU '& k j'-'’ new 

ASSORTED 
PLACE MATS 
2 $ i 
FOR 
REG. 77« 

Ovals ond rectangles in bright prints. 
Sponge dean 

LADIES’ BIKE 
SCARFS 
$ | 

REG. 1.97 

Asst patterns, colors. 

 tiCILL 
DOUCHE 

3 $ 1 
REG. 66« EA. 

Ready to-use-nno-mixing and no measuring Disposable 

CREST 7 OZ. 
TOOTHPASTE 

6 7 * 

Whitens ond Brightens teeth 

PEPSI 6 4 O Z. 
TW IN PACK 
I 48 

REG. 1.67 

Your choice of Pepsi, in the 64 ounce 

JUMBO PACK 
PAPER NAPKINS 

3 $ 1 
REG. 69< EA. 

Extra Soft ond absorbent Jumbo Roll 

LYSOL 14 O Z. 
DISINFECTANT 

9 7 * 
REG. 1.47 

14 OL flimmates odors, kills germs 

REG. $2 

Ideal for indoor or outdoor sweeping 

MODEL CAR 
KITS 
233 

REG. 2.67 
(hoos* 1976 models down to the 
(louies. 

WHITE 
ENAMEL TOILET 
SEATS 

3 
33 

REG. 5.47 

Whit* enamel toilet scot is cosy to-wit toll 

WOODEN 
CLOTHES 
HANGERS 

2 $ 1 
REG. 1.47 

Assortment vanes with tach store 

CROCKERY CHEF 
SLOW COOKER l l l l 

REG. 12.97 

Adjustable temp 
Stoneware liner 

CONVER! 
BASKETBALL 
SHOE l l 
88 

REG. 13.99 

Canvas basketball shoes in whit* only 
Assorted sires available 

:r a s h 
HELMET l l 
88 

REG. 15.99 

Meets 79o 1-1966 and 79o I 1971 standards for oil states Comes in SR­ 
IX ! Assorted colors 

RAMERO PONY 
POCKET CAMERA 
1 2 88 

REG. 16.97 

 features double exposure prevention, fit™ counter window Instant looduig 
Uses 8 shot hp! tosh Save1 

ENGINE 
TUNE UP 
4 A 6 CTL. 
95 

8 CTL. - 29.95 
Includes points, plugs, condenser, refer ond witteMetion 

ENTIRE STOCK 
FIRE ARMS 

% OFF 
REGULAR PRICE 

NO LAYAW AYS-NO SPECIAL ORDERS 

■> t i 

 r n 

RAMERO 
H O or 12o 
12 EXP. 
FILM 

7 7 * 

YOUR CHOICE 

 a r n a 

-OUIto I UUU na lien to saw* moi iu iw im ii >o« ith>S*«MHCAC HWU 

 leo #<u ae. 
I 
4*o4 west 
I s ir ret* 
I n i t t w . 
I s n * austin t-------------------- -------- 
I MT MITH COM (MHU ecu mmemtm I commix t 
I xvi nm 
I mikvah r os mrs ai omit* 
7)1 JIH 
4*4-o411 
I SSS-eiM 
*34-1441 
4SS-44AI 
MI mw.'IM IWASA* I lur 
* Comm rn tem Perm* s 
Ne 
J 
1 
• 
• 
I 
•HOP WOO CCO * 4 o A.M. IO 9 3o PAL MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 
I MUCMX a W CHSI HMH 

1o1—Deaths 

B A R R E R A 
M r. Alfredo Roberto B arrera, fo r­ m erly of 1o7 N. Pecos St , entered into Eternal Rest Thursday m orn­ ing. January 6. 1977, at his home at 
69o7 Twin Lake D rive (Woodlake 
Subdivision). 
San 
Antonio. 
Texos. 
Mr. Barrera wos born m Piedras 
Negros, Coahoma, Mow., but resided in San Antonio most of h it life. He was the son of the late Antonio B ar­ rera and Francisco Rodriguez de 
Barrera. He was a Veteran of the 
Second World Wor and served with the Medical Corps ot the A rm y of the United States in this country and overseas. He was a re tired C ivil 
Service Employee and tor many years w orked at K e lly Annex at 
Fort Sam Houston, and during his 
A rm y C areer and C iv il S ervice 
E m ploym ent received num erous 
H on o ra ble C ita tio n s fro m the 
Departm ent of Defense and local 
M ilitary Authorities. M r. B arrera was a member of the woodmen ot the W o rld , the A m e ric a n A u ­ tom obile A ssociation, Lyndon B 
Johnson Post No. *31 of the Am er­ ican Legion, and numerous other o rganizations The s u rv iv o rs in ­ clude: Beloved brother Antonio G 
B arrera; beloved sister, Mrs. Velia 
Barrera de Brown; beloved niece, 
Mrs Vefia F. Barrera de Medellin; sister-in-taw, Mrs. Maria de los 
Angeles Moreno Vda. de Skalski. all ot San Antonio. Also, nephews Fred 
A. Brown of Houston and Humberto 
R. Barrera and Jose Antonio B ar­ rera of San Antonio and 8 grandne­ phews. Rosary Sunday evening at 7 o'clock In the Georgian Chapel of the Porter Loring M ortuary Fun­ eral services w ill be held from the 
Georgian Chapel at Porter Loring 
Mortuary at 1:3o p m on Monday, 
January IO, 1977 and Mass of the 
Resurrection to be held at Down­ town St Joseph's Roman Catholic 
Church at 2 p.m., the Rev. John A 
Wagner, R ector, o ffic ia tin g w ith burial to follow in the fam ily plot at 
San Fernando Archdiocesan Ceme­ te ry No. 2. A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 
Porter Loring 
Porter Loring 
1 to t M c C u llo u g h u r e a 21 

B E R R Y 
Mr. Roy A. Berry, S r„ *9, died Jon 
*th R esident of San A ntonio 38 years and m ember of the Baptist 
Church Survivors: Sons. Roy A. 
Berry Jr., Jock C. Berry, and Louis 
C. B e rry , a ll of San A n to n io ; d a u g h te r. M iss M a rth a L ouise 
B e rry , San A n to n io ; b ro th e r, 
Thomas Jomes B erry, Kingsland. 
Tex., sisters, M rs. V irg in ia Mae 
Price, Mrs. Cecelia Price, both ot 
San Antonio and 8 grandchildren. 
Services I p.m. Monday, January 
1oth Roy Akers Funeral Chapels with Rev. Forrest Smith officiating. 
Pallbearers: Edgar H. Parks Jr , 
Darwin Bridger, Barney Jetfcoat, 
Ben Folk, Tommy Thompson, Roy 
N icked G raveside services and interment 3 p m Monday, Jan 1oth 
Pearsall 
Cemetery, 
Pearsall, 
Texas. 

. 515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

BROWN 
Clay Adolph Brown, oge SO, of 251o 
N. Zarzamora. died Saturday Sur v Iv o rs 
W ife, N ancy B ro w n ; num erous nieces and nephews 
Service Tuesday at J o'clock at Zion 
Lutheran Church, the Rev. Malcolm 
Hoffman o fficiating Interm ent in 
St. John Lutheran Cemetery. A r­ rangements with 
Porter Loring 
1 to t M c C u llo u g h 22?-«22t 

U C V c 

 f r f t S h n o i 
U IffpH ¥ 

D E V E N D O R F 
M R. 
LO U IS 
F. 
D E V E N D O R F, IOO* 
H a ll, b o rn in 
G randville, Michigan 
Nov 1,1918, entered rest Fri. Jan. 7, 
1977 at the age of 58 years 
SERVICES MONDAY IO OO AM 
ALAMO CHAPELS with Rev. Malcolm E. Hoffman of- heating and Interment to follow in 
Mission 
Burial 
Park, 
So. 
Sur­ v iv o rs : W ife , M rs . D o ro th y L. 
Oevendort; daughters, Mrs. Iva L. 
George, M rs. D elbert (Lin d a C ) 
M cGiothltn. both of San Antonio, 
M rs Bobby (Jo yce A .) D otson, 
Luling, Tex., Miss Potsy K. Deven dor!, City, sons. Glen F. Oevendort, 
Ft W orth, Tex., Louis E Deven- dorf. Deer P ork, Tex., L a rry T. 
Oevendort, Grapevine, Tex., Jerry 
L Oevendort, C ity; IS grondchii aren M r Oevendort was a member of United T ra n spo rtatio n Union, 
Local No. to3 and has been a re ­ sident of San Antonio tor the past 57 years. Services under the direction of a m em ber of The Lelon Cube 
Family of 
The 
M 
225-5731 
N. A le m * s t ira a k ly n 

1o2—Card of Thanks 
Mrniorium 

Unveiling for Mrs. Jacob (M ary) 
H a rris , M o th e r of R ob e rt and 
B arry. Agudos Achtm M em orial 
Garden, Austin Highway, I OO p m. 
Sunday, 
Jon. 
9. 
Rabbi 
Frere officiating 

1o3—Florlsts-Flowers 
L IT T L E FLO W E R SHOP 
New Location 2oo5 N 
Zarzamora 
Open Sundays, 715-4222 - 711 1314 
Displays SSup-Cosket Sprays *2oup 
Roses Arrangement SIS Dozen 

I M — F u n e r a l D ir e c t o r s 

ANGELUS FUNERAL HOME 
HENRY GUERRA 
*o2 W. Houston 
227-14*1 

Ai £ RODRIGUEZ 
FUNERAL HOME 

Pre-Need Arrangements 
511 Guadalupe St. 
226-6111 

A VIR Y S F K IA I 
W A R M T H . 

P o r t e r Lo r in g 
MORTUARY 

 i to * M c C u llo u g h 22 7 8221 

1o1—Deaths 

C H AVEZ 
Mrs. Emma Chavez 122 B Street bern In Ouodalalara, Max., Dec. IS, 
191* entered rest Friday Jon 7,1977 at the oge of *o years. Mrs. Chavez had been a lifetime-resident of San 
Antonio. Rosery w ill be recited in the Max M artinez chapel Sunday 
Jon. 9, at 7:1o p m Requiem mass w ill be offered Monday Jan. IO, at IO a.m . fro m St Stephen C atho lic 
Church 2127 S. Zarzormora SI with 
Rev. C harles H erzig o ffic ia tin g 
Concluding services w ill follow in 
Chapel H ill M em orial P ark. S ur­ v iv o rs : Sons, L a rry S. Chavez, 
Ruben R Chavez; parents. M r. and 
Mrs- Carmen Sanchez; sister, Mrs. 
Lucy A sce n clo n ; b ro th e rs , M r. 
Frank Sanchez, Mr. Roger Sanchez all of San Antonio; • grand children. 
Services under the direction of 
JKax martin** 
2o15 W Martin 
227-4351 

COVER 
Mrs. Robert J. (Lulu Jones) Cover, age 92, of San Antonio, passed away in a local hospital Friday, Jon 7, 
1977. She wos born Dec. 12, 1884 in 
Adkins, Texas and had lived all her lite in the San Antonio area. She was a member of the Porito Methodist 
C hurch S u rv iv o rs : Sons, W 
J 
(Bill) and A. B Cover, San Antonio, ond 
Steele 
C o ve r, 
S e g uin ; daughters, M rs J. E. (V irg in ia ) 
B arnhill ond M rs Bobby (R uth) 
Crow, San Antonio; sisters. Mes­ dames Sadie Jones Shann, Houston, 
Nett Jones Goodyear, Byrne Jones 
T e r r ill, 
Roy 
(T o m ) jo n e s 
Chambers, San Antonio; sister-in- law, Mrs. Roy (Alton) Jones, San dia, Texas; brother-in-law , A. W. 
Swinebrood. San Antonio; grand children. Connie Cover Tessmon, 
Loury Cover, A. B Cover ll, Kav 
Cover Fowler, Charlie Bob Crow, 
Joy Cover Sullivan, Gayle Barnhill 
Palmer, Jock Crow, Susan Cover 
Montague; I* great grandchildren; numerous nieces and nephews and a hast of very dear friends. Services w ill be held fro m the D e llc re s t 
Chapel Sunday, Jan. 9 at 3:oo p.m. with Rev Harold Zirkel officiating 
The Interment will follow in Cover 
C e m e te ry. P a llb e a re rs : A lv in 
Tessman, 
Jr., 
Bill 
Fowler, 
Jr., 
Anthony P alm er, A. B. Cover ll. 
Jack and Charlie Bob Crow. In lieu of flowers those who desire may make co ntrib u tio ns to the Cover 
Cemetery Fund, P ortia Methodist 
Church or to the C harity a1 th e ir choice. Arrangements with 
Brl Irreal 
1ooo So W W White Bd. 
337-4o53 

D e A R M E N T 
Mrs. E.E. (Mac M.) DeArment, age 
7), of 2o14 W. Gramercy, died Sa­ turday. She wos a member ol Unit­ ed M ethodist Church S u rvivors: 
B ro th e r, C o lv in P. L a n g fo rd , 
Austin, 
T x ; sister, 
Mrs. 
W.M. 
(Eve) Arnold, San Antonio; several nieces and nephews. Service Mon­ day at l l o'clock in the Colonial 
Chapel of the Porter Loring M or­ tu a ry , the 
Rev. 
C lvde 
B y rd officiating. Interm ent in San Jose 
Burial Pork. Arrangements with 
Porter Loring 
1 io i McCullough 227-5221 

E L M O R E 
Mr Raymond W. Elmore, 
58, Rf I Box 25 C, Wet more, Tex. died Jan. 8. 
Resident San Antonio 4o years, member Hariandale Baptist 
Church 2o years. 25 year member 
D o w C ro c k e tt Lodge No. 1225 
AF&AM, San Antonio Commandery 
No 7 KT, Bluebonnet Chapter No 
47o RAM and long tim e member of 
Carpenter Local Union No 14 Sur­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Sarah Mae El­ m ore; sons, Gerald Raymond El more, Dennis Wayne Elmore, all of 
San Antonio; granddaughter, Den­ ise Roe Elm ore; brothers. Joe El­ m ore Houston, Tex., B ill Elm ore, 
Sam Rayburn Lake, Tex; sisters, 
Mrs. Ola Mo* Nash, Houston, Tex , 
Mrs. Lolo Perkins, Ft. Worth, Tex., several nieces and nephews. Ser­ vices 111o a m Monday Jan. IO 
Roy Akers Funeral Chapels with 
M r. Paul Tisdel officiating. In te r­ m ent Roselawn M e m o ria l P a rk under the auspices of Oavy Crock­ ett Lodge No 1225 AF&AM 

515 No. M ain 
2?fr72o1 

FOX 
Mrs. Alice A. Fox, 75, 1215 Y o rk­ town, died Jon J, 1977 Survivors: 
D a u g h te rs , M rs. Sam J. (R o ­ semary) Ruttino, San Antonio, Miss 
Maurme Fox, Rockport, Mrs. PO 
(Carol) Moore, McAllen, Mrs. H O. 
(Sharon) Abeiow. San Antonio, Mrs. 
Bob (Sharilee) Welch, Tulsa; sons, 
R aym ond E . Fox. San A ntonio, 
Oarbv F Fox, H arlingen; sister, 
M rs. ire n e S ie b re c h t; b ro th e r, 
W a lte r B ro d . San A n to n io ; I* grandchildren; I g reat-grandchil­ d re n ; num erous nieces and ne­ phew s. R osary 7 p .m . S unday, 
ZIZIK -K E A R N S C H A P E L. MOSS 
9:1o a m Monday, St Gregory the 
G reat C atholic C hu rch , 7oo De­ w hurst Rd., Rev M ichael O’Gor- m o* celebrant interm ent Son Fer­ nando Archdiocesan Cemetery No 
2 Arrangements bv 
Zifik-Keams 
Dow nm* • Mc C lue Not I y 
1322 N. S*. Mory’t 
227-22o* 

1o4— F u n e r a l D ir e c to r s 

 t r n o k c h iU 
7)1 S E. M illfo rd 
723-7523, 
Oak fille 
•o5* Fredericksburg Rd. *96-7111, 
Sri Ur fb! 
2ooo S. W W. White Rd. 117-4o*2 
Palm pn^btfl 
3711 So. £ariam ora'. 
.924-45*1 

Serving your family with care and concern. 

FUNERAL CHAPELS 

SIS NORTH M AIN AVCNUI 
226*72o1 

AMERICA’S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

 a mo 

FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 
225-5731 
'Dhe JJtLvi CultsJojnilxf 

1o1—Deaths 

K R U E G E R 
M rv Mathilda J. Kreueger. oge 89, of 5454 R andolph B lvd ., passed iivav Friday, January 7, 1977. Born in W ilson C ou n ty, Texas, M rs . 
Krueger resided in San Antonio 7o years and was a m em ber of the 
L utheran fa ith . S u rv iv o rs : Son, 
B ernard C. K ru eg e r; daughters. 
Hutda A. Braden. Elia J. Beck; sis­ ter, Ida Krueger; 15 grandchildren; 
12 great grandchildren. Services, 
11:oo a m. Monday at the Southside 
Funeral Home Chapel w ith Rev 
Ralph Abilo officiating, interm ent, 
Roselawn M em orial P ark. D ire c­ tion of doufttfibe 
43o1 S. Flores_______ 422-4335 

L E N T Z 
Baby John A rth u r Lentz, 2, 9*o1 
B e rry v ille died Jo n u o ry 7. S u r­ vivors: Parents, Captain and Mrs. 
G e ra ld A* L en tz, San A n to n io ; brother, Joseph R. Lentz. San An­ tonio; paternal grandparents, M r. and Mrs. Felix A. Lentz, Houston. 
Texas; maternal grandparents. Dr. ond Mrs. Joseph R. Vivas, San An­ tonio. Services IO a rn. Tuesday. 
January ll, Sunset Funeral Home. 
Interment Ft Sam Houston Nation­ al Cemetery, lf friends so desire contributions may be made to the 
March of Dimes. 
SUNSET Tome 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 828 2811 

LOPEZ 
M r. Teodulo Lopez. 7*, of 914 W. 
M ulberry SI., passed away Jon 7, 
1977 at a local hospital. Survivors 
Sister, Sora Guerrero; 5 nieces and 
I nephews. Rosary w ill be recited on Sunday at 7 p.m. at the Trevino 
Funeral Chapel. Funeral Mass will be Monday of I p.m. at St. Ann's 
Catholic Church Burial wilt follow at Son Fernando Cemetery No. 2. 
Under the direction of 
TREVINO FUNERAL HOME 
22* Cupples 
434-o595 

LYONS 
Mrs. Anna Lucille Lyons, age 77, of 
SMS Evers Rd., died Wednesday. 
S u rv iv o rs : H usband, Col. C.M. 
Lyons, USA (R et.); daughter, Mrs. 
Dorothy Lucille Caneloz, San An­ to n io ; s is te r, Leona C am p b e ll, 
Springfield, Ohio; brother, Orland 
Allen, W averlev, Ohio; numerous nieces and nephews. Service Mon­ day at I: IS In the Colonial Chapel of the Porter Loring M ortuoary, Cha­ plain John Bailey officiating Inter­ ment in Ft. Sam Houston National 
Cemetery. Arrangements with 
Boder Loring 
1 tot McCullough 227-5221 

M A L V E N 
M r. Clay B ernard M alven, *7, of 
1o36 Hammond Ave. died Jan. 7. 
R esident San A ntonio *o ye ars member of Castle Hills First Bap­ tis t Church. M r. M alven w orked over 4o years with the San Antonio 
Light ond was charter member and 
Secretary and Treasurer of In te r­ national Mailers Union. Survivors: 
W ife, 
M rs. 
L ou ise 
M a lv e n ; daughters, C hristeene E lizabeth 
Malven, Mrs. Alyce Mergele, all of 
San Antonio; sons, Charles Wayne 
Malven. Castroville, Tex., Clay B. 
Malven ll, San Antonio; sister, Mrs. 
P e a rl R a n d a ll, B oston, M a ss.; brother. Charles W M alven, San 
Antonio; 15 grandchildren; I great grandchild; numerous nieces and nephews. Services 3 p m Monday 
Jan. IO Roy Akers Funeral Chapels with Rev. James Ennis oHtciating. 
In te rm e n t M ission B u ria l P a rk. 
Pallbearers: Alvin Moore Jr., Tress 
Dossetl, M artin Walsh, Frank De 
Locy, Wayne Crum and Milton 
Miller. 

515 No. M ain 
226 72o 

M O R E N O 
M rs. Anno M oreno 41o So. San 
Maunel St. born in Saltillo Coattails. 
Mex., Jan. IO, 19o1 entered rest 
Friday Jan. 7, 1977 at the age of 75 years. M rs. 
M oreno had been a resident of San Antonio for 45 voars. 
Religious services were conducted in the Max Martinez chapel Satur­ day Jan. 8, at 7 p.m. Services w ill be conducted Monday Jan. IO, at I: IO p m. from Tempi® Sinai *31 So San 
Bernardo St. with Rev. Deltino San­ chez o ffic ia tin g . Concluding se r­ vices w ill follow in Son Jose Burial 
Park. Survivors: Husband, M r. No- tiv id a d M oreno; son, M r. Pablo 
Hernandez; daughter in law, Mrs. 
Isidora Hernandez of San Antonio; sisters, Mrs. Paulina Hernandez of 
Pontiac, Mich., Mrs. Eioidia Cruz of 
San Antonio; brothers, Mr. A rturo 
Cerda of San Antonio, M r. Brlgido 
Cerda of Pontiac, Mich ; grandchil­ dren, Mrs. Rito Casanova, M r Abet 
Hernandez, Mrs. Am enia Saucedo, 
M rs. M a ria L o u is * Jim en e z; IO great grandchildren. Numerous ne­ phews and nieces. Services under th* direction of 
Max Martin** 
3o15 W M o rt* 
237-4251 

 m c d o n a l d 
~~ 
M r. John E McDonald, age 77, of 
Lytle, Texas, oassed awav Thurs­ day, January *, 1977 Born in Ed­ wards County, M r McDonald was a life time resident of Lytle. He wos a re tire d rodeo p e rfo rm e r. 
Survivors Son ond daughter in low. 
Leonard ond Stella Faye McDonald of L y tle ; b ro th e rs , A lfre d ond 
Robert McDonoid of San Antonio , 
Newton McDonoid of Abileno; sis­ ters. Vick Donlop of Sweetwater, 
D utch H utsm of A b ile n e , S ally 
H o rtfie id of K e n n e d y ; g ra n d daughter, Patsy Ann Smith, great grandchildren, Pamela and David 
Smith, Jr., all of Oenver, Colorado 
Services, 2 p m M onday af the 
Southside Funeral Home Chapel. 
Interm ent, M ission B u ria l P ark. 
Direction ol 

J&OUftSftjt 

JOI—Deaths 

53o1 I . Nor os 
423-4339 

FUNERAL H O M E 
63o1 S. HORES 

9 2 2 - 6 3 3 9 

John M . Grim es, Director. 

 proc*, 

Right now is a good lime 

 to osk foe Our booklet 

It i ieee Just phone 
227-3136 

Riebe Saunders 
Chapels 

1119 N S i M#»v s 

(enstderettee for th* Living . 
•ympetkeiM underHanding 

M ax Martinez 

 o f f e r in g he Arranged tuners! (emmets, f u n e r a l I n s u r a n ts P o lic ie s 
227.6281 

North Fork Mortuary 
734-5313 
Chips! Hitt Memorial Gardens 
655-4411 

< Th. 

M IL L E R 
M rs. Hozel M ille r, 229 St John, passed away January 5, 1977 in a local hospital atter a lengthy illness 
Well known in day-care circles in 
Texas and throughout the United 
States, Mrs. M iller was founder ond d ire c to r of the M ille r C hild 
Development Center, 229 St John and Annex, 28o5 East Commerce 
Street Form erly a teacher in the 
Edgewood and San Antonio School 
D istricts. M rs. M ille r w orked t ir ­ elessly to insure educational excel­ lence for the children enrolled in the centers. Mony dav-core groups, early education classes and other interested groups have visited the centers to observe the unique pro gram s fo r which they are noted 
Mrs M iller was a member of many professional civic and religious o r­ ganizations and served them in various capacities. S u rvivo rs in ­ clude her Husband Johnnie M iller, son, B yron; daughters, Yolanda ond N o rm a ; m o th e r, M rs J.L 
A lexander; sisters, M rs C alvin 
Gentry, Mrs Gloria W illis and Mrs 
Johnnie 
P o rte r; fa th e r ond mother-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. John 
Miller and other relatives Services w ill be held at 1:15 p.m. Monday, 
January IO, at Bethel AME Church, 
Rew. A.R. Nelson officiating Inte r­ m ent Ft. Sam Houston N ational 
Cemetery. The fom ily requests, for those who desire, that m em orial gifts and donations be sent to the 
American Cancer Society. 
Carter-Taylor M ortuary 
6o1 N Center Street 

M IL L E R 
Mrs. Jessie L. M iller, age 92, of 34o 
Natalen, died Thursday. She was a m em ber ol St Paul s E piscopal 
C hurch. S u rv iv o rs 
H usb a n d, 
Walter G M ille r; sister, Mrs. Pat 
Wheeler, Rugby, England; niece, 
Mrs. Ruth Em erich, Son Antonio; nephew, Mr Robert Grahamsiow. 
Akron, Ohio Service Monday at 
4.3o in the Colonial Chapel of the 
Porter Loring M ortuary, the Rev 
John F. Daniels officiating. Those who desire may send memorial gifts to Si Paul s Episcopal Church A r­ rangements with 
Barter Loring i ioi M cCu l l o u g h 227-5221 

MOORE 
Mrs. Alice E. Moore, age *8, fo r­ m e rly of 114 H ic k m a n S tre e t, passed away Thursday, January *. 
1977. F u n e ra l S ervices IO a m. 
M onday in 
G a te w a y 
B a p tis t 
Church. Interment to follow in Mis­ sion Burial Park. Arrangements by 

A 
M IS S IO N PNB K 
111 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
U J 
17oo S E M ilitary Dr 

N IE U W E N H U IS 
Miss Anno C Nieuwenhuis, age 72, of 1215 Fair Ave., died Thursday. 
S u rv iv o rs : B ro th e rs , John Ne- whouse, North Ridge. C ol, Jacob 
A M N ieuw enhuis, The H ague, 
Holland; stepmother, M rs Joontie 
Nieuwenhuis, The Hague, Holland; num erous nieces ond nephews. 
Service Monday at IO o'clock at 
Highland Terrace United Methodist 
C hurch, the Rev. D avid C. Paul officiating. Interm ent in Roselawn 
Memorial Park. Arrangements with 
Baiter Loring is o i McCullough 227-5221 

P E D R A ZA 
M r. Henry Enrique F. Pedroza 522 
Hazel St. born in San Antonio, Tex., 
July 3, 195* entered rest F rid a y 
Jon. I 1977 at the age of is yeors 
Mr. Pedraza was a lifetime resident of San A ntonio. R osary w ill be recited In the Max Martinez chapel 
Monday Jan to, at I p.m. Requiem 
Mass will be offered Tuesday Jon. l l , at 12 p.m . fro m im m acu late 
Conception C atholic C hurch 314 
Mondo SI. with Rev. Enriau* Ruiz officiating. Concluding services will follow in Roselawn Memenol Park. 
Survivors: Parents, M r. ond M rs 
Joe P edraza; siste r, S ylvia Pe­ d ra z a ; b ro th e rs , Jesse Joe P e­ draza, Johnny Pedraza, Celso Pe­ draza all of San Antonio. Services under the direction of 
Max Martinez 
2oIS IN. M artin 
327-4251 

R A A B 
Otto E Raab of 2o7 E Huff, this city, passed away Saturday, January I, 
1977 at the oge ot *• years. Services o r* oending with 
A 
M IS S IO N P \ K K 
111 
FUNERAL CHAPELS l l J 
I 7oo S E M ilitary Or 

R IL E Y 
Lloyd W. (Joker) Riley, age 33, ot 
124 Forest Pork, died Friday He wos a m em ber ot the B a p tis t 
Church S urvivors: Porents. M r. ond Mrs. Lloyd Riley, San Antonio; step daughter, Lisa Jo R iley; son, 
Earl Riley, both of Seattle, Wash . bro th e r, R obert R ile y, New O r­ leans, La., sister. Melody Riley, San 
Antonio, numerous relatives ond frie n d s 
S e rvice Tuesdoy o l I o'clock in the Colonial Chapel of the 
Porter Loring M ortuary, the Rev. 
E arl W. Johnson officiating Inter­ ment in Son Jose Burial Park A r­ rangements with 
Porter Loring 
HO I McCullough 227-5221 

SCOTT 

M r Gene W Scott 52, of 
Son Antonio died Jan I 
Resident San Antonio 9 years and member ot Trinity Lodge No 313 
AF&AM, Wichita, Kons Survivors 
Wit*. Mrs. Normo L Scoff, Son An to n to ; d a u g h te rs . P h y llis Jean 
Goss, Andover, K ons. Oletto Fay* 
S chultz, Son A n to n io ; g ra n d ­ daughter, Angelo Beth Goss, An­ dover, Kans.; sister. Oro! B rick- man. Okeene. O k lo .,; b ro th e rs . 
Lloyd Scott, Okeene. Oklo , Leslie 
Scott, K e rrville , Tex. Services IO a rn Monday Jan IO Roy A kers 
Funeral Chapels witn Rev. Donald 
Stone o ffic ia tin g . 
In te rm e n t 
Notional Cemetery, Ft Sam Hous­ ton under the auspices of Valley Hi 
Lodge 14o7 a f & a m . 

“T ^ f J k t A A 

515 No M ein 
226-72o1 

W EB B ER 
Miss Helen t . Webber 14, died Jon uory *. Resident of San Antonio tor 
4o yeors. m em ber H ighland T y roc* United Methodist Church Sur victors: Sisters. M rs Ruby Stem, 
Corpus C hristi, Texas, M rs Had garde Anger!, Mrs Dean Williams. 
Mrs. Ruth Bofsford, all of San An tonto. brother. M orris Webber, San 
Antonio; numerous nieces and no phew* inclu d in g G eorg* R obert 
B o ts fo rd , K irb y , T exas, P a u l 
Eugene B o fsfo rd . P h ila d e lp h ia , 
P en, Cal Russell Anger!, Son An­ tonio, Mrs. Helen Moore, and Mrs 
Justin* Chumblev, bath of Carpus 
Christi. Texas. Services were held at l l a rn Saturday January I. from 
Ray Akers Funeral Chapels Inter­ ment followed In Mission Burial 
Park 

515 No M ain 
226-72o* 

W ILLIA M S 
Mrs Elois* O W illiams, age 71, of 
S u th e rla n d S p rin g s , Tx died 
F rid a y . She w as a m e m be r of 
M c K in le y 
A venue 
M e th o d is t 
Church Survivors: Sister Mrs Ola 
Mu* Stahl. San Antonio, 2 nephews and 9 nieces Service Manaoy at J o clock in the Georgian Chapel of th * Porter Loring M ortu ary, the 
Rev William C Renfro official!®* 
P a llb e a re rs : C h a rle s D aw son, 
Arthur Germer, Emit Dustin, Puul 
R ichter. J r., Paul M o n k*, Alton 
Akins Interment in M itte n Burtul 
Park. Arrangements with tarter Loring 
H O I MaCUtLOUOH >27-5221 

' H 
■*£**» • 1 t« * s.. 
' ■ ****** ■ '**'* 
S.A. area u spelling bee announced 

It's that tim e of year again in the S a t / An­ tonio area — time to brush up for the News 
Spelling Bee! 
Youngsters attending public, private and paro­ chial schools in a 14-county area are eligible to enter the competition which has been sponsored by The 
News for 23 years. 
Participants in the Bec must not have passed beyond the eighth grade at the time their school holds its Bee and must not have reached their 16th birthday before June 6. 
Counties 
Each school in the fol­ lowing counties is invited to send one representative to the regional contest in San 
Antonio April 3ft: Bexar, 
Kendall, Medina. Frio, 
Atascosa, Wilson, Guada­ lupe, McMullen, Zavala, 
Dimmit, Comal, 
Kerr, 

WORDS OF 
CHAMPIONS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Sundoy January 9 1977 

Bandera and Val Verde. 
A packet of information with full details about the 
Bee is in the mail to local schools, lf this information is not received within a few days, educators may call the Spelling Bee Editor for information. 
Practice booklets for this year's competition are now- available from the newspaper. 
Free books 
Each school which enters the contest is entitled to th ret* free books. 
Additional practice books may be ordered from,the newspaper at the cost of tilt cents each. Students may order their personal copy with the attached coupon. 
The 1ft finalists in the re­ gional competition will re­ ceive valuable prizes for their outstanding efforts in the word contest. 
Top prize, of course, is an all-expense paid trip to 
Washington, P.O., to the 

Spelling Bee p ractice booklets a re now a v ailab le to students p lan n in g to p articip ate in the S an Antonio 
News Spelling Bee on April 3o. 
These a re typical w o rd s used in the B ee all over the country 

Private, public a n d parochial schools in Bexar, 
Kendall, C om al, Kerr, 
B andera, M edina. Frio. 
A tascosa, W ilson, G u ad alu p e. 
M cMullen, Z avala, Dimmit, a n d ! 
Val V erde counties a re eligible 
Iniorm ation c an b e o b tain ed by writing: Spelling Bch? Editor, S an 
Antonio News. P O Box 2171, 
S an Antonio, Texas 78297 

National Spelling Bec and a chance to compete for more prizes. 
This is provided by The 
News, with the winner be­ ing escorted to the nation’s capital by a member of The 

News staff. 
Each student who parti­ cipates in the regional con­ test will come away with a special certificate desig­ nating him spelling champ, from Ins school. 

K c a d D a n ( l o o k — 
M r . S p o r t s o f 

S a n A n t o n io 

 in the San Antonio News 

1959 OPEN SUNDAYS 

SAN ANTONIO PIGGLY W IGGLY STORES HAVE BEEN OPEN FOR YOUR SHOPPING CONVENIENCE 

 t*c*» el »*«*• a •!»«»% -t 
»o et ••ao-h* 
•* a' et'ow **e 
•a*t»*>»«a 
<* ttc* OO*# tote* toto*'tally "(Pea •* t*i| rn 

Prices Good in Sen Antonio ond Universol City 
Thru Jonuory 15, 1977. We reserve the right to limit quantities. None sold to dealers. 

Quarter Pork Loin 
8 to 1o Chops 
“ Fresh Picnic Cut” 
Sliced, Hast or Whole 

Budweiser - Miller - Schlitz - C oots 
Premium Beer 
$ 

Regular or Sugar Free 
Pork Chops 
Pork Roast 
Pepsi-7UP 

Lh. 
Lb. 

6 Pack 

32 Ox. 
Returnable 
Bottles 
Plus Deposit 

6 P a c k 
Cans 149 
Hot 
M Only 

Falstaff - Pearl - lax 

6 Pack 

Non Returnable 
Bottles 
Hot 
Only 

Property of Food Mart Bakery, Inc. 

MEAT BUYS 
FRESH POULTRY 
L . 
AI 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

PiRgly Wiggly Savory Tender 
Heavy Aged Bee* Boneless Rump or 
Bottom Round Roast 
Piggly Wiggly Savory Tender 
Heavy Aged Bee*. 
Chuck Boneless Roast 
Giggly Wiggly Savory Tender 
Heavy Aged bee* 
Shoulder Arm Cut 
Swiss Steak 
Piggly Wiggly Savory Tender 
Heavy Aged Bee*. 
Eye of Round Roast 

Piggly Wiggly Savory Tender 
Heavy Aged Bee* tenderized 
Bottom Round Steak 

Country Style 

$139 lb 
I u 99c 

»|o5 lb 

 lb 

 lb 

79 

$ J 49 

Spare 
Ribs 

Grade A. Breast or leg fresh 
Fryer Quarters 

Grade A Fresh 
Baking Chickens 

Banquet 
Chicken Livers 

Fresh 
Fryer Thighs 

Grade A. Cut up 
Fresh Fryers 

Lean, Meaty, Boneless 
Stewing 
Beef 

 lb 

 lb 

 t lb 
Cup 

Lb 

 lb 

55C 
5 5 c 

7 9 c 
69c 
53c 

P'RR'y Wiggly 
o * 4 
Mixed Vegetables 3 ’i - I 
3,S.o„Sl 
Cans 
I 
3 

" t s . « . S T 
Cans 
I 

3 “81 

P'Bgly Wiggly 
Sauerkraut 

Piggly Wiggly With Potatoes 

Golden Best 
Tomatoes 
Piggly Wiggly 
Cling Peaches 

Piggly Wiggly Cheese IL 
■AOS Macaroni J I $1 
I 
Dinners 
*"$ 
I 

Green Beans 

Franco American 
Spaghetti 

P'KRly Wiggly 
Green Beans 
Piggly Wiggly Fresh Shelled 
Blackeye Peas 

Piggly Wiggly 
Tomato 

3 

4 

4 

4 

16 oz 
Cans 

14'a ox. 
Cans 

16 o/ 
Cans 

15-ox. 
Cans 

S1 
S1 
S1 
S1 

Extra Fancy Red Delicious 
Apples 
$ 
15 

 f 

Frozen Foods 

I 

All Varieties, Piggly Wiggly 
Pot 
Frozen 

Pies 

Piggly Wiggly Frozen 
Orange 
Juice 

Health & Beauty Aids 
Nasal Mist ss1o9 
Childrens Cold Tablets gm £ A f * 
Congespirin ‘l oo 

The Night Time Pain Reliever 
o 4 H Q 
Exedrin P.M.3%c,r1q8 

The Extra-Strength 
Pain RelieverP ain Reliever 
Exedrin Tabs m l 19 

Van Camp 3oo Can 
Pork ’N Beans 
Bounty Kist 12 Oz. Can 
Golden Corn 
Joan Of Arc 3o3 Can 
Green Peas 
$ 

Sugary 
Sweet Yams 

Piemium Baker 
Russet Potatoes 

Large 
White Onions 

Lb. 

Lb 

Lb. 

2 9 * 
19° 

35° 

Texas Sweet 
Juicy 
Oranges1 5 i *1 

Special Buys 
Piggly Wiggly Regular 
Quarters 
Fresh 
Margarine 
Carnation 
Fresh 
Yogurt 

Piggly Wiggly Sweetmilk or 
Buttermilk 
Biscuits 

> t i Va 
3 S1 
4 * 1 rn 
Ctns. raj 
8 1 1 

 s- 
-V 
Special Buys 

Non Aerosol Hair Splay 
Vitalis 
$179 
B or 
■ 

Bl! 
■ 
Super Holt] 

Fasteeth, Powder 
Denture 
Adhesive 
Off1 

And Gargle 
Lavoris 
Mouthwash 
7QC 

. 
-i 

Style 
Hair l^Spray 
, 89cj 

Seaside 
CANS 
3 
“ 
S I 
1 Ca*1* 
I 

. „ $1 
Cans 
* I 
4 

16 o*. S f 
Cans 
I ' 

Baby Food 
6 4 “ S1 

Zee Print 
Paper Towels 
Z ™ I 

Butter Beans 
Piggly Wiggly Sliced or Whole 
New Potatoes 

P'gRly Wiggly 
Spinach 

Hem* Strained Fruits IL Vegetables 

1977 ( 
WiDiCAt 
C niOKAi~ 
3(612) 
SKIUS-7RADES c 
SKILIS-TR ADES 
ADMINISTRATIVE. 
FINANCIAL 

LET EXPERIENCED PROFESSIONALS 
POINT YOU IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION 

ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
IEI PAID 
$8oo fY»$anality and the abt lily To deal with other cler»r«l <‘mp)oye«s be most beneficial to this con troll* r Step into on assistant con 
♦toller position and give yourself the r bonce to really prove your worth Most hove minimum of 3 years accounting experience thru financial statements cmd profit and loss 
Some computerized background most helpful 
Call Maggie Shearer 828 3161 

NORTHSIDE LOCATION 
EEE PAID 
$65o location is just one of the enticing foetors surrounding this position with Oil & Gas company Process invoices, pricing and Other figure related duties 
Some accounting knowledge plus a memo»y for details can smooth the way in this booming business. Calculator by touch please. 
Call brankie Smith 828 3161 

OUTSTANDING 
SECRETARY 
My reason for giving this position such a htle is that this is exactly what you will need to be A person that has devoted his or her life to handling the necessities of the clerical duties of a business and has the flexibility that is needed to work for several people, and enjoy it This company will reword your tasks and give you the1 growth potential that every career minded individual must have for a happy 
|,te only you the excellent typist and stenographer need apply 
$75o 
Coll icryce Baker 828 3161 

P.R. SECRETARY 
REE PAID 
$7oo 
The poised and proficient executive secretary will be able to speak easy to this company's top Sr V P fcntertammg corporate officials while in San Antonio from Houston will impress this easy going boss 
Excellent secretarial skills and a top appearance required to secure this top New Year spot 
Call Maggie Shearer 828 3161 

B O O KKEEFER /TYPIST 
5olid bookkeeping background, rn eluding general ledger accounts po/ rec., payroll and overage typ mg is what this compony is rn need of now lf you enjoy a relaxed at­ mosphere, fun people to work with and a good north side location, use your finger on the greatest in vention known to the universe for commum ration and contort me, you ore going to work1 $75o 
Call Joyce Baker 828 3161 

JOIN THE WORLD OF 
FINANCE 
This is an outstanding opportunity for the executive secretory with top skills and organizational ability 
Banking or financial background would be helpful, but most im portant IS a professional manner cmd appearance in this public con tart spot $7oo 
Call Frankie Smith 828 3161 

Personnel Service 
I I SOO N . E . L o o p 4 1 o 
SU IT E 41o-82SS 16 / 

Has Opening For-. 

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 
CLERK 

H igh school g ra d u a te w ith g o od m ath b a ck­ ground . 
IO key by touch re quire d. N o e x ­ perience necessary. 

Please, Call 
D ia n e M i l l e r 

735-9392, Ext. 31o 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

TYPISTS 
EVENING 
HOURS 

W e need 4 excellent typists 

 who ate available to work 
(rom 
A 3o 8 3 o p rn. 
The 
(assignment will begin Jan. 2 4 

 and tun 3 days 
Please call 
Helen W ilson a t 
8 2 8 2 5 o 6 tor an appointm ent 

— N O EEE EVER— 

 s f i t M T i i o t e m p o r a r y 

TYPISTS 
STENOS 
DICTAPHONE 
KEYPUNCH 
PBX 
1o-KEY 
ACCT. CLKS. 
Join the tnam of Nortell Temporary 
Services Work when you wont cis much as you wont Enjoy the benefits of o permanent job and flexibility at the same time 

Coll He Urn at 8 3 8 -2 5 o 6 for cm appointment. 
— NO F II IVES — 

 iJ m rre U tem porary 
\Pf\m trrirtm . mc. 

FEE PAID 
Exet Secy $75o + 

2 positions ovnifoblr 
Ahso'utely must him excellent SH anil typing skills Rapidly growing Bot i firm needs on individual who likes to take th a w , make decisions and handle responsibility, outgoing All co. paid benefits 

Gen. Office $52o 

 of least I yr aip,, enjoy variety, type 4o. desire to odvance. 

Admin. $55o + 

Good typrng skills necessary along with desire to work closely with co clients. Variety never boring. 

Bookkeeper $65o + 

V? fee pend and reimbursed v; in 
9o (toys. Must hove A F and A R and some payroll knowledge, type 

CALCULATOR OPERS 
NEED 2o 
Inventory Extension 
Day or Eve Shifts 

CALL ANNA 732-9765 

 ifs 

Quality Temporary Help Service 

96 Gill Rd. Suite 25o 

SECRETARY/ 
RECEPTIONIST 

Schneider, 
Berne!, 
& 
Hickm an, members o f 
NYSE, has position 
(or qua lifie d secretory/recep­ tionist. G ood typing neces­ sary. C oll Linda at 
341-66o1 

 l f In te r e s te d 

M e d ic a l 
SOMETHING 
'DIFFERENT 
IN A NURSING CAREER 

Leading Southwest Insurance Company has opening for a Rehabilitation Nurse in its' Son Antonio Office. 
Duties involve arranging and supervising rehabilita­ tion programs in serious injury cases. Applicants must be Registered Nurses and willing to travel. 
Automobile furnished and trove) expenses paid. 

Excellent benefit program. Salary commensurate with qualifications. 

C all fo r a p p o in tm e n t 

Mr. Dick Heckman, Claims Manager 
96oo Datapoint 
San Antonio, TX 73229 
(AC) 512-696-oo6o 
•qual opportunity employer M I 

SYSTEMS ANALYST PROGRAMMER 
Immediate opening available for ex­ perienced Systems Analyst Programmer. A minimum of 2 years experience in AN S , 
COBOL programming is required. ALC, 
CICS/VS, 
D L /1/V S , or 
IM S /V S pro­ gramming experience also helpful. 
Ex­ cellent working conditions and employee benefits. 
IBM 
3 7o 
M odel 
145 with 
D O S /V S , 
C IC S/V S, 
D L / 1 / VS, and 
SPM /II operations environment. 
Salary open commensurate with experience. 
Apply in person, or mail resume to: 

PERSONNEL OFFICE 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
P.O. Box 733o, Station A 
San Antonio, Tx 78285 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

S8oo TITLE CLERK 
I yr em 1 Good w ith figures! Type! 
Cull Bill /J? 9781 San Pedro 
E m ploym ent Ser 1616 Son Pedro 
W onted s e c re to ry G e n e ra l attic e w o rk, a p p ly at St P a u l C a th e rn 
Church, i m 
S Presa SJ? m i 
$1oo w k t y p i s t Accuracy. W ill be typing forms. Good benefits. Cal! 
John 732 ?!9! 25o1 West Aye 
Job* North. Inc , P lacem ent Service 
612 MEDICAL 

CREDIT CLERK 

Person Hired Must 
• H ot* Outgoing 
Peiionohtv 
• Be Excellent Typist 
• Know 1o-Key by touch 

We prefer experience in 
Posting machine. 

• Good Income 
• Excellent Benefits 
CALI: 661-6737 
SNAP ON TOOLS 
5811 BUSINESS 
PARK DR. 

NO FEE 

TEMPORARY 

Are you looking to earn extra money, (Ut! gel out of lh* house or improve your skills? try work 

 mg temporary long and short term assignments available at o high hourly rote of pay 

Call for o p p t. 
TYPISTS 
STENOS 
OEN. OFFICE 
1o-K IY ik M i 
Ji rn u \ m r rn 
CARPIO Y Mf NY U IV K I 
4438 £•«(*nrt*w D. P I? *6 I 6 

WHOLESALE 
DISTRIBUTOR 

Fishing tackle guns, ammo. and so forth needs a person to do demo! wotk team to do over the counter selling Friar experience necessary in dei KOI work. 

 for appointment 

Coll Ellie Sponrath 

THE PERRY 
SHANKLE COMPANY 
223-18o1, Ext. 477 

A NEW DIMENSION IN 
PROFESSIONAL PLACEMENT 
COMING SOON 

RN-RESEARCH, REHAB , and CUN IC 

IVN 
Clinic 
$ 5 5 o mo position, min. 

 i 

CLERK TYPIST 
I rut ,o no Gone benefit*' N S 
BPI ARS PEH SONN IL SEW VICE 
TOT JACKSON KELLER 
826 W?2 

CREDIT POSITION net*db c**P< d o r w ith &c ary CMU* mon if position vs 
,42 4 UN* 

CUSTOMER SERVICE 
Sfofi nfcndt* pf to me confact for co bu* J. 2 7711 t j 
SA M lita rv deb E x parts, Inc P lacem en! Ser 
DUNS* l l I P E R S O N N E L S ER VIC E 
8oo N w Coop etc 4*4 G P M South, 
_____________ 
14o1744 
E to n O Resources Inter noil 
C areer Consonants 699 tots 
4o78 G ardendale 
Suite 167 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
A C C O U N TIN G 
C LE R K 
M U S T BE A V A IL A B L E 1M M E D IA 
T E E T Gaud knowledge at ail p u rr oil functions and baste accounting d u tie s 
G ood p h o n e voice 
M u s t h a v e ow n tra n s p o rta tio n 
O ffic e loco tad on NE sto> s‘.t s o t 

L IG H T 
B O O K K E t P IN G 
A N O 
C L E R IC A L P O S IT IO N 
I v in 5o 
W P M 
4 D a y W e e * 
N o V 'h s id t 
U n often 4475 5524 828 444! 
MAG CARD OPE H 
G u n to h o rn haul iOrtp'niQi group alo h oh 
$ooo < 
Coll Julie M athis f i t ?26l 
S N E LLIN G & S N E L L IN G 
Km ptgym ent Service Vs G ill Rd 
Need cep PBX OPE I ORS $4oo ti.- i 
( hone i ta a d v ne < o C o li 
Clndv I . .MVI /SOI A is * A yr 
Jabs North, Inc , P lacem ent Service 

Need e .p PBX OPL R ATO R5 MCO lo sta rt ( ham e to adsum . 
Ct 
Cl adv 73? ?tvl 24o! West Av* 
Jabs North, In t , P lacem ent S ervice 

CHIH of REST. THERAPY -min. 
$ 1 o ,8 o o o o 
CERTIFIED 
1oO bed hosp 

DENTAL ASSIST/RfCEPT w /1 3 yr. asp 

MID. 
TRANSCRIPTION)!! tost, accurate, HI POTENTIAL 

UNIT MANAGER, BACHELOR 
DEGREE 
+ 
2 yrs o f supe­ rvising $ 9 o o o + 

EXP. MED 
INSURANCE CLERK 
San Antonio 
Health Services 
Placements, 
Inc. tx et t*»4,a 
Nm U lt tee Serene. Nae* 71111 
(Sill 14*471) 

NURSES 

Join the notion's leader 

NORTHSIDE u o a d lv p e t phones, po in y 
Sue v22 ?7ll 12., 
SW M ilita ry 
Job EXPerls. Int Placeman! Ser 
R E C E P T IO N IS T Personable. i esponstble to* per sonnet oft, lf you cue cOneonta! and abu to m et and handle the pubtK a , a tra m I w it lypu .g on a benefits 
%4oo* Coll Ann Woods 657 1123 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
I n it SVC 12oJ Rouqh Rider__ 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Near UDO, 1 a ttra c tiv e great c o . 
Hood br net it. Col* 684 68o 
F IN N E V A Associates Personnel 
Consultants 4815 Callaghan NoJ75 

 a t i or att 
Rev Molds lf VO V 
I a per ion tJrrv shift 

F IL E A N O S M ILE 
Know your a lph abet and land tht» 
(Ob 924 148 1 U m u d Pci sonnet Cen salients 646 C S W M.Mu> y Or 
$45o P IL E C L E R K t. iter type Com p a rty w in tr a in 
A d v a n c e m e n t 
H u r r y ' Coli Arrdreo H i ? iv i .'SOI 
W att Ave 
Jobs N orth, inc , P la cem ent Service 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E USO $5oo 
Need to have good o ft *k ills N side 
Coll A ndrea 732 2191 .’sui West A y * 
Job* N orth, Inc., P tocam ent Service 

GENERAL OFFICE 
£>» fI M 
%€MYT# ^Q$1iftq 
Sue 92/ 2/11 I t l l SYY Amildar* 
Job fcspsrU, Inc Enactm ent 

GENERAL OFFICE 

826 9 6 /1 
2446 C e e g e e 
LOC K I E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 

 id * Lee nj for nu b f CM 
WH 
I Cl Mr CIV I) VCK 
'4/1 for intel 
4 LO i</iuti&» fiPiM- 
O C w k N A L O F F IC E $47$ tee paid* p e rs o n a lity 
-♦ b u m f typing. Call Mick 681 IH M 
F IN N E V A A ssociate* P ersonnel 
Consultant* 4434 C allagha n N u lls 
• F E E PO I 
B o o k k e e p e r* N e e d 3 n o w ! C a ll 
Sheryl N ow ta r fast h ire ! 
R IC H A Assoc E m p lo ym e n t Ere i,SIDA San P edro j i n n I. 

RECEPTIONIST FEE PO 
$ - to mo good phone .on i i. dc spears pe rso nnel se r vic e 
2o7 JACKSON K E L L E R 
128 12*2 
R E C E P T IO N IS T $7oo 
Exciting Spat* G re a t Futu re! See 
Sue 824 *4*1 N ew D ay P erso n n el 
C onnu *o1 NE Loop 41o 
Receptionist Se cly $425 Mu 
A c c u ra l* typing. Die SH or Speed w ritin g h n p tu l 
M e n -F u *24-4411 
United Personnel Consultants 66* C 
4 W M ihtoi y Or 

R eliable em ployee, lim ited ex pc ii nee*, some bookkeeping b a le i open. Northside, 349 ?/?( 
Sci * etorv Insurance Agency, I , c t 
Si W P M , ability to deal Ain, public previous e*p helpful but no* nee cs ar y iv * 14/1 beety to V IP Dow tilewfl 
. B B 
Exec S te t, $ d o r se4o legal Secty Northside 5 day Se4o 
Sec to Pres Nor th xid, 
.. 
. $656 
Secretory NE 4 day 
$64o 
Accountant F t* P a 5 ady 
S U OOO 
Acct* Po roble 5 day North 
5*oo 
Teller t xper ie ne od 
$4oo 
Bklrpr. Peg bourd system 
. i»o 
A c 
1 et Po e n g in e e rin g firm tv , future dor Nor (ii Good SOI 
Typist Several 
1475 $546 
Bunker I k HIP Sec , 1769 Crownhitt, 
Suite 211 8 /8 *121 
TELEPHO NE COLLECTOR 
Coiled trad og* or y net its e x p * r 
1enc ad telephone collector 
No bul side c o il* 
M o n y b e n e fit* , good 
Au* x mg conditions, excellent solar v ond bonus Coli 734 71/1 A C C O U N f 
S LP Vt*. ES 
^ n iip u ta r y f iii firm- E ihpioy m erit 
Feb Isl M ay 1st to r local CPA (iran, typing ond re la te d c le ric a l duties required 8 /8 9o9/ 

E X P R E S S N E W S 
Mf AMT A O U A (ANF 

IT $ E ASY TO P LA C E A 
E X P R E S S NEW S 
W A NT A D 22$ 1444 

Wt hove offices in ever 215 crties ond have employed mere than 52,ooo 

 health cote workers in the last yeot 

We at* the nation s leader because we offer 

• Competitive wages 

P Interesting assignments 

 a Flexible scheduling 

 a Supervised working conditions 

Find out foe yourself why we re t t I 

Interview now ond se* if you qualify. 
Mony interesting assignments ore now 

 available rn staffing home core and 

 private duty 

 for a personal interview 

 call 224-2341 

Wark with pride and respect .. 

 work (ar Homemakers Upjohn 

ADMITTING CLERK 
Apply loans noon H ills id e M a n o r 
N u rs in g H o m e t i 3 Oc.Oo lo o n - 
VlHiH-l picn ic) 

B IL IN G U A L D E N T ASST 
In * dr active exp desired 
UR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Medical Bldg 
69o *91o 
Medico! P i i lot I rn pipy tnt, ut Le iv 
D L N T A L ASSISTANT REC 
Mature* lari, or M f 
No side 
UR P E R S O N N E L 
I Hills Medical Bids 
UVU 991o 
■I ' tu I i.'.iiiji I m ploym * rn Sery yenta! Rocpplnsnisl 5 d o , week lit, 
1 f 

Or s Receptionist SSOU-f 
No n o necessary 
M ust have ad personality ond be well organized 
»24 l i s t U nited P ersonnel Consul toms » * * ( 5 W M ilita ry Ut 
L IV E IN C O M P A N IO N S 
Mature indies to ca rt to, the invalid 
OI e ld e rly t o r n on t • c e lle n I sokiry, port pi tun lin t 
R um and hoard paid A il* . 
No tees- RN per vision 
P le a s e c a ll 224-2341. W o rk w ith p r id e a n d r e s p e c t * w o rk to r 
Hom em akers UpiOhn A n equal op- iHiftui.dy em ployer 

IVN 311 
A p p l/ lh per ion 
I VN l l 7 Oak H ilts C o re C enter 
7167 Oak M anor Dr i l l I S I/ 

LVN s 
STAFF R E L IE F 
P R I V A T £ D U T Y 
You th# tv$># cd day* a»a *hifH you want to work 
NO FEES! 
INSTANT PAY! 
Medical Personnsl Pool 
1o19 N 
M ain i i i 
. 
M I.O K AL LAB TECH 
- d u , , lu ll lilt i t lifted 
DR KLR SONNE L 
Oak Hills M edical B-dg 
o o ( 1 
Men,, iji Dei lien I iripioym eni s* i 

ML O K A L LAB TECH 
* days r m lab certm ed 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical b.dg 
69o991o 
Medu ai I)I '-igl E m ployment Ser 

M E D IC A L S E C R E T A R Y 
New practice needs exp gut 
BHmgudt pi el T roost ribing 
DR U t RSONNE L 
Oak Hills M edical Bldg 
69o 99)o 
M edical-Dental Em ploym ent Eery. 

ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF NURSING /O B 
RiQUIRfS 
BACHELOR'S, 
P ttflR 
AN ASTER’S 
DEGREE 
IN 
NURSING 
FLUS 
SUPERVISORY AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPERIfNCI IN MATERNAL AND CHILD 
HEALTH CARE. RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE OB, LAO, NURSERY AND RELATED 
AREAS IN THIS 297 BED, GENERAL ACUTE CARE HOSPITAL FUTURE PLANS IN­ 
CLUDE REGIONAL NICU. IF QUALIFIED, PLEASE SEND A RESUME OF EXPERIENCE, 
EDUCATION AND CAREER OBJECTIVES TO: 
W .G. COORPINDER 
Director of Personnel 
J U 

S c i o n 

M E D IC A L C E N T IA R 

I Jill W k st 3 8th Si rm -I 
Austin. I oxtth 787o5 

■ M lllliM illM 

JETCRAFTERS 

NOW HIRING EXPERIENCED 

AIRCRAFT SHEETMETAL CRAFTSMEN 

This is an excellent opportunity to become associat­ 

 ed with a growing San Antonio based aircraft man­ ufacturing concern. 

TO? WAGES 

ALL COMPANY BENEFITS 

/•♦crofters N ow In N ew Modern Facility 

Contact Personnel Department 
Jetcrafters, Inc. 
5418 Brewster 
San Antonio 

6 5 7 - 2 7 o o 

MULTI LITHE OPERATOR 

Local printing company needs multilithe operator. Some ex­ perience necessary. Wages will vary with experience. Excellent company benefits include: free medical and life insurance coverage, some dental insurance, profit sharing and retirement program, paid vacations and holidays. 

Coll 923-7591, Ext. 54 

Between 9 AM and 3:3o PM 
T 

To Schedule An Interview 

51o1 S. ZARZAMORA 
Q 
(.L u ke I * n n n n 3 o ^ 
U t 
C o m p a n y 

INVENTORY AUDIT SUPERVISOR 

Immediate opening exists in our Seguin automotive radio manufacturing facility for an inventory audit supervisor. Can­ didates should possess a 8S degree in accounting + 2 years experience in a manufacturing facility. Responsibilities will in­ clude auditing and evaluating inventory records and controls. 

Fringe benefits include: paid vacation, group health, dental and life insurance, educational assistance programs, profit 

 sharing and excellent working conditions. 

Send resume ond salary history to 
M o to ro la, Inc. 

Route I , Box 42 
Seguin, Texas 781 55 

Equal Opportunity Employer M/F 

FooD-DRINK SERVICESD © oFCoD-DRINK SERVICES 

San Antonio, Tx. 

R Equal Opportunity Employer 

W A I T R E S S E S 

• Top Pay 
• Good Benefits 
• Apply in Person 

& 
/Revtauiantv Inc. 
A FA M ILY RESTAURANT 
DEDICATED TO Q U A L IT Y 
4o7 N.E. Loop 41o 
San Antonio, TX 78216 

 equal o p p o rtu n ity em ployer 

M E D R E C 
PLACEMENT SERVICE 

A Division of K-S Enterprise* 
• a k 

SEEKING A D V A N C E M E N T? 
SAVE VALUABLE TIME & EFFORT! let us represent you durina our daily contorts with health cern organizations throughout the US. W* anet professional admin, strict confidentiality, ond we will keep you adm md of specific advancement opportunities a* they became available in such areas a*; 
HOSP. ADMIN. NURSING SERVICE, DIETETICS, PHAR., LAB, X RAY, 
PATHOLOGY, FIN. MGM!, BUS OFFICE, ENGR, PERSoNNNEI, DATA PRO­ 
CESSING MED REC, OR CLERICAL. 
For A p p o in tm e n t Call: 
G e o rg e C o n ra d , 1 6 3 5 N.E. L o o p 4 1 o , 
Suite 5 o 1 , S a n A n t o n io 7 8 2 o 9 
(5 1 2 ) 8 2 4 - 7 4 7 8 

DIESEL MECHANICS 

Local service com pany needs e xperienced h e av y d u ly tru c k ' 

 m echanics. M ust be depend able w ith goo d w ork records. 

Local only, lf you m eet these qualifications w e o ffe r the follow ing: 

• Top sa la ry 
• P a id v a c a tio n 
• P a id sick le a v e 
• U n ifo rm s fu rn ish e d 
• Life In su ran ce 
• H o sp ita liz a tio n 
• C h ristm a s b o n u s b e tw e e n 8 a.m .-5 p.m . call L a rry P o rte r 
224-4651 equal o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

MECHANICS lf you are an experienced mechanic and want to make money we have a position for you. We are an authorized 
VW & Subaru new cor dealer with plenty of service § business. We offer a good in­ centive pay plan, a profit sharing retirement plan, and many other fringe benefits. 
See Bob Osborne, North Loop 
VW, Inc, 4623 Fredericksburg 
Rd., 
San 
Antonio, 
Texas 
782o1. Phone 732-7121. 

ESTIMATOR 
For general contractor. 
Minimum 3 years estimating, expediting and shop drawing experience required. 
Diversified types af con­ struction work. Excellent op­ portunity. Send resume to: 
MARCAL, INC. 
PO Box 41o6 
Bryan,Texas 778o1 
Na phone calls please! 

PROFESSIONAL 
AWAITERS & WAITRESSES! 
J 
(PART TIME— 
ALL SHIFTS) 
• 

Experienced only in semi-dinner ho,use. 

Excellent wages and benefits 

 a p p ly in p e r s o n 
• 

 jo jo s r e s t a u r a n t & lo u n g e 
2o7 NE Loop 41o 

 no p h o n e c a lls p le a s e 

- 

STAFF PHARMACISTS 
Full time positions available for experienced hospital pharmacists. 
• Unit does system 
• IV admixture program 
I I pm-7 am shift and rotating shifts 7-5 pm and 
1-11 pm, 4 day week 
Excellent starting salary commensurate with ex­ perience. 
Excellent working conditions and employee benefits 

Contact Personnel O ffice 
M e tro p o lita n G e n e ra l H o sp ita l 
1 2 3 o B ro o k ly n A v e ., S a n A n to n io 7 8 2 1 2 
•wool opportunity employer 

G a n t S h irtm a k e rs needs 
Single O r D ouble 
N e e d le Sew ing 
Machine 
O P E R A T O R S 
Experienced O n ly 

Good starting salary, 3 week) paid vacation, paid Medical ond life In­ surance, flea packing. 
A pply In Person O nly 
ISSA Contrail Drive equal opportunity employer M F 

DIRECTOR OF NURSING SERVICES 

Challenging opportunity for experienced Nurs­ ing Director or Assistant Director, to assume duties of Director of Nursing Services in 136 bed general acute care community hospital, located in Kingsville, TX. This position offers the op­ portunity to implement new procedures and your inovotive ideas. Excellent salary and benefits. Send resume, with salary history, to: 
A i. Devine, Administrator, 
Kleberg 
County 
Hospital, Post Office Box 1197, Kingsville, TX 
78363. 

BUTCHER 
Bilingual 
Must know how to cut meat 

STOCKMAN 
Must know how to price merchandise 

 apply in parson 
Charles Supermarket 
1431 N. Fine Ave. 

WANTED: 

Dependable people with transporta­ tion and telephone. 
REWARD 
Port time temporary positions in th* industrial field, lf you wont to culled 
CALL 224-1721 

Quality Temporary Halp Service 
7 2 9 1 . HOUSTON ST. 

P A R T T IM E A F T E R S C H O O L 

Y o u can e a rn up to $ 1 o o . o o w e e k ly w o r k ­ in g from 3 :3 o p.m. to 6 :3 o M o n .-S a t. Y o u m ust h a v e y o u r o w n tra n sp o rta tio n a n d liv e in the C u le b ra Rd. a re a . 

FOR INFORMAION CALL 
MR. WHITE 
2 2 5 - 2 8 1 9 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

HELF WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Green House Grower 
P re fe r Dnrson w ith e xp e rien c e in foiortculture or h o rticu ltu re to os siyt in grow ing of blooming alonK in com m ercial greenhouse, provided they have the am bition and ability to further them selves in this lorn hop. 5.6 I.'91 

H A IR D R E S S E R im m ed ia te ooen mg. with or without following 
349 o311 
H A IR D R E S S F R N E E D E D 
E io e rte n te d w ith following Grow m g NL sh o p p in g c e n te r 
I d o . w ee* 
6o com m ission and excel lent working condition. Casa Linda 
Ho * * Loshions, t/271 Nacogdoches 
I r j -•». I ' /OO Of 696 3xo3 

SANTA ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 
Hat immediat* VOcoee let far: 
REGISTERED X RAY 
TECHNICIANS (7-3) ond 
ULTRASOUND 
TECHNICIANS 
(Mellen! working conditions and fringe benefit) 

Apply Personnel Office 

519 Wast Houston St. 
2 2 8 - 2 3 4 3 
(qual Opportunity (mpleyer 

★ RNs 

• MICU • sicu 

• NURSERY 

• PEDS 

Day shifts and assignments of your 
(hone Professional liability in venom* provided by im. 

INSTANT PAY! 
NO FEES! 
Medical Personnel Pool 
1o19 N. Main 224-5885 

RESPIRATORY 
THERAPY TECHNICIANS 

Immediate full inn* open­ 

 ing* on o u r 7 3 cmd 3-1 I sh.Hi 
Q u alified applicants mgsi be- certified Or have I yeor previous hospital e x* 

 per tense 
For further in fo r­ 

 m ation, coli collut I 

Personnel Dirtrtor 
HOEY CROSS HOSPITAL 
26oo 1 19th St. 
Austin, Toxas 787o2 
(512) 477-9811, Ext. 157 leu*.! eppwrwntty *mp*ey*r 

R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Super alc. a e r i e r t lob $5oo ♦ 
DK F » tK iO N N C L 
Oak Hills Medico! Bldg 
69D991o 
Vled'CHl CrwstQl t -ip lo y m en t Sen 
~ RN IVN 
Al I SMH T S 
An I i luge Bent-ftls 

Centro! heating and mr conditioning 
'■.taller 
A good s m o i1 com pony w hen you w ill CK oppr e t toted Tin 
Riiy Sn.in- Co 221 Q/On 
______ 
C it y D E L IV E R Y Do you know the ity F G ood p e rs o n a lity 
Co w in tram . Call John 732 219! :>5ol West a .. .• 
Jobs Not th. Inc . P lacem enl Service 

56oo CHY OFI WRY $8o3 
N .JI CU w ill tra m ! Futu re m inded! 
Joy. I- Best 92 ’ 4)6o 4. I S.V Milden v 
J nos 5oulh Placem ent Service 
CITY D E L IV E R Y Do vuu know the c ity ? G ood p e rs o n a lity 
Co w ill train. Cull John 7 1/ /iv ! ?5Q! West 
A .e 
Jab* N orth, In t . P lacem ent Service 

HAIR STYLIST needed tor full s e rv tu -n on w .in e x c e lle n t c lie n te le 
N e at door o r once on.! pleasant u e ito n ality are essential Success*.*! grow**, opt 
- fo n d le s * good salary and benefits 
Personal interview call Joan Storm 
191 769 7 of r >, / SSO 

HAIRSTYLIST with following, must be able 'o blow d r . sh (i in OOO - s I fu rn is h e d , 5*. commission and vocation M arsh all 
H air Fashions 34? 9496 
H E A V Y E Q U IP M E N T 
M E C H A N IC oreterrob 'y v .'h c u e r ie n r e on u.nes a id transm ission*, produ ort Cose. C iu d a d , Elgin ana fir 
III Dung 9 < 415) 

Golden Manor 
? 16 4514 
RNs and LVNs (non sm okers plea s eld i ply 9 I H illsid e M a n o r k ilo oiii.lt (.UU. n.-H uftOf. 
_____________ 

Son 
A n to n io 
H e u ith 
S e rv ic e s 
Placem ent*. Inc . 14 N E Loon 41o, 
Suite U l t . 149 431 3 

Construction Superintendent needed to r lite c o m m e rc ia l c on­ s tr u c tio n 
M u s t toe w illin g to relocate C oll 
Jam es H o ra *, Bob 
H iii Ai A nion n al T i 
<jI 
, 

I year i 
C o n s tr 
18171 5J c m oki.t 

H E L P W A N TE D 
BRICKLAYERS ro UU f ut 1 1 Hood ( en! ic tio n 
Con* UU n 
I M I on equal opportun 

614 anus HWBK 

AW C O N D ./elktlO IBATIO N 
SERVICE 
MAINTENANCE 
TECHNICIAN 
To be responsible tor preyers totive maintenance and lepair of our 14 Kentucky fried Chicken kitchens, in eluding electrical a nd refrige­ ration equipment, 

Must hare a minimum of 5 years of experience rn arr conditioning and refrigera­ tion work, preferably related to ser vicing restaurant unit*. 

W e offer-. 

• Starting salary $6 5o hr 
• Compony truck provided. 

• M edical and d e n ta l in­ surance. 
• Profit shoring pion partici­ pation. 

 lf you am looking for full time work and meet the above requirements apply rn 
•person at our Regional Of fice located at: 

97o61-H 35 North 
San Antonio, Tbxos 78233 
Or Cath 
(512) 656-1o2o fquol Opp*'tenty (fflpieyer M I 

~ s I 6o m7 t # W c 

M E D IC A L T R A N S C R IB E R fcxperitnced only 341 /38i 

 r e c e p t io n is t 
Large NS office E xt benefits 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak H ill* M edical Biog 
69o 99)o 
M edical D ental E m plo ym ent berv. 

MACHINIST SS DUHR 
• Ut mo.® ypu know. i*:i- m on U t ll to * eh. v. 
4366 413 $W M ilita ry 
Juts* South flm i rrsent Service 
B a i knot and or blade o p e ra to r, 
/■nu!, only it I , 1,1. 11.ic H i 656 I ?6? 

B a r b t r S ty li I m a le gr Ie m o le 
Alan,I) Heigh!-, Ult. V??5 
Baumann Auto Repair, Inc 
Needy ! Muster Tune up M r. home- h u n s to bt- i,i..fir ,f ut m lune up*, e le c tric a l r e n o ir* o « d W iring 
SS commission, uu*d v olu tion end 
MC* Puv, insurance benetiK , worn m an I comp 
5 day week 
/ l i t Cm- 
Ciimuti. / 3S-432I ai 6a4 M i . 

CONST PUC T IQN I N G IN E I R 
AND B O R E M A N 
Send resume to P O Box 39174, Son 
Antonio Tx 78218 
C R A N E O P E R A T O R tor s, ton 
Northwest THO rate* Experience an d re fe r e n c e * r e a u ir e d 7",one 
222 o6o6 
W i a r e on e q u a l opportunity l in jjlo ,, I______________ 

I M M E D I A T E O P E N IN G S ic . 
I . p, r te m i it 
O IL 
I C L O 
’ RUCk 
D R IV E R S , D o / c chm 
M aintains O r.!a lo *s a n d W ilders 
Tinas Lease St < . ifs . inc . Vitae lo n d re th 
C o*ruo bpt trigs. 
TX 
SI / 8/6 3896____________ _____ __ 

"J to 
M o i 
Lott si JI arid Mi 
'son Pr 

 ne* m on pe"ll'O n Apply 
M ig Co. I -.J' S. 

DIESEL SEMI DRIVERS 
E arn high pay running W estern ond 
M idw estern stoles Long irregular r&uies. ? m on H um s, hauling food stuffs R e q u ire* I year experience ond good record Call 6614154 

E X P E R IE N C E D M E C H A N IC with tools. A p p ly in per son . J6o N I w 
Laredo H>gh w o . 

RAAP GHAI TING S3.2S 
RU. 922 ' n I t? 31 SW M ilnor . 
Job E xperts Inc Placement Ser 

MECHANIC 

M E C H A N IC S C c 

Experienced b e rv ie i S tation M e 
I hom e. m ost hove own bund tools ana able to quad, (or motor vehicle stole inspector 
.SO? Bianco Rd 

Ave 
Jobs North Inc 

 t IP SOV lo ie 732 2*1 2>91 west 

P lacem ent Servile 

E x p e r ie n c e b o d v in a it. A p p ly in person A ssociated Body A P oint. 
?4 :o k > eedom p i alb 6/58 
• Periemud io n ,. ! she, t vinyl god it m echanic helpers M o t nave nu tools Good POV 
Coil C entral iOor f m i l my 65 , U 'j! 

$2 3o M echanic Trainee $2 SU H r 
.ell I n a trode a ’ 1 i h r . 
* f ( kl Kl I, 
92 116r, J! i SA M i dor 
Jobs, South Placement service 

 c 

HELP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 

EXTRA CASH 
Deliver Evening News Routes 
I to 2 Hrs. Each Evening and Sat. - Sun. Mornings 

Some small routes for boys or girls. Soma motor 

 routes for adults. 
AREAS: W. Travis - W. Houston 

W. Martin • N. Zarzamora • N.W. 24th St. 

For Information Call 

225-7411, Ext. 121 before 5:oo p.m. 

A n equal Opportunity employer c 
SKILLS-TRADES 

WAREHOUSE 

N eed c ap a b le, in dustrious, bl b o ­ ll person to run industrial supply win ehouie 
TRI TEX MACHINE & TOOL 
I22A West Rhapsody 
341 ii ISS 
We hove a position open fo r 
Opi-rotor en Sheeting Machine ond 
Cutting M a in ,n e in vinyl hinger dept Must hove expel lance Send resume to 
Jerry Ellis, Jahn D tills Bindery, i i i Manufacturing 
St.. Dados, TX 7J2o7 
We have openings (or i -u< < n>m e I w o rke r* in binder y and On ssromr-i 
G o rd o n P r im in g C o m p o n y 
/ ) / 
North Alam o ??6 7ft?> a n 
WL L DfcRS 
Mi r t a * yes 
T ap tor ne tit pony 
/c ill G eorge 

’ mb 
* a* I 
M otor com 
12 /IV ! /5 o I 

Jobs Nor th. Inc , Placem ent S ervice 
W ILSO N IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
84 NE LOOP 4(o Sud* DOE 
(5 1 /)J I* 1411 

G16 FOOD DfHNK SERVICES 

 per lime eg f ipi , gloss O ui t In 
.lu lu is n e e d e d 
T o p c o m p a n y , m any benefits Alam o H eating 4 Air 
Cand IYJ I ss*______ _______________ 

 e x p e r i e n c e d t y p e w r i t e r 
T E C H N IC IA N with ear 
Good In n elds Salary dependant upon exp er­ ience. C ontm etoi B u s in e ** E quip menl 828-8/74 
E x p e r i e n c e d u p h o l s t e r e r 
A N D H E L P E R , a u to o n d fro c k upholster y $ j Mon tori 22^2365 
H U IS H CARPENTER 
No boost-r-, or lunktes Must b t w illing to work 
Odd own hand loots 
Call 6>/ 211/ ii. I t l l II 6 und / pm 
_ 

FLO R A L D E S IG N E R 
E X P E R IE N C E D 734 5414 

FORKLIFT MECH 
Electric nyoroulic e r r .1 Own tools! S9So StOM a m o 1 H u rry i 
Coli JoAnn 73? 9/1)1 Sun Pedro fcrnployment ser leis Sun Pedro 

G E N E R A L 
M AI NT EN A NC E MAN 
Perm anent postilion w ith large es lau d s!,e d Ktoui L s ig il C u m u li!,. 
Must nave pickup Or V A N and Ire in good pnysuo! condition Coil Dove 
T ru c k» ***, h ie 99o! 

REAL I OR 

W A d ? E ti 
Owner uueruior lor per mgnent lease Load*betw een texas and t o s t C p ost 
1 9 /i m o d i! or newer equiolm ent w ith I o .le s omt sleeper b ir th H usband and w ife l f a n i* w elcom e lo p donor revenue 
Call collect; 
/I4-2SS I ISI. 
Bub 
Bower* 

•M U L TIL I T M P R E SS M A N 
•C A M S R A M A N 
• P R IN t ING S A L E * 
E xcellent pay and fringe benefits. 
Apply af 224 I Rhopsedy 
_ 
N eed w a r t H O U S E W O R K E R S 
$,'5o E xp Com m Iii ens* 
I • .,i dab!* Minor to Cod C m ay 732 219) 
.-.o1 West A,< 
Job* North. Inc , P lacem ent Service 
PARIS M IE R SKOG 
Vie 922 2/11 t?3’ $W M ilita ry 
Job E xperts, lac. P lacem en! See. 

Ham by Stores & 
Hamby Dairy Queans leaking for people why aunt to work in a yourn/ progressing tom- pony 
Fay $?Tu un hi storting 
Spply 
I 4pm at th* fellowing 
Sto,1 *: 
* « I Dairy Queen 
214 Wert Av*. 
734-4141 
* « 3 Dairy Queen 
HOS Bandera Rd 
433 9o41 
Dairy Queen 
$411 5W Military Dr 674 3441 
* # 7 th.* if Queen 
1oo1k San Pedro 
344 SVBI 
* MB Dairy Queen 
ISO Valley Hi 
474-744o e # 9 Dairy Quean 
B J K Bi ©od way 
134-1o74 

 a dr IO Dairy Queen 
3911 fivenhouer 
455 /241 
A TF l l Dairy Queen 
33o2 Heosontun Rd 923-3391 

 a # 1 2 Dairy Queen 
37o3 Cole ny 
494 o321 

 a # 14 Dairy Queen 
S ID I Waliens 
453-o333 a 7 ) 6 Dairy Owen 
922 WW White Rd 
333 5441 
A ( t i l Hornby Flora 
437 5. Mom, Boerne, Ti 
\ 249-3793 
A 4 1 9 Hemby Stere 
4731 Rdtimun Rd 
461-2513 
* « 2 o Hamby Store 
1411o San Fedio 
494 5995 a Fusvibibty af day or night manager position 

(SfOOD-ORINK SIRVICfS) < S ) 

NOW ACCEPTING 

APPLICATIONS 

FOR 

• BUSBOY/BUSGIRl 

1 COCKTAIL HOSTESS 

Mu$f be 18 

 or older 

Apply in Per$on 

2:3o lo 

4:3o Daily 

TOWER OF 

•THE AMERICAS 

RESTAURANT 

Sewing M achine Operator s wanted, day end n.g h f Apply in person 
M adcap M ig Co . 19Q7 % 
SI M a ry , i ii* Scrton Depurtrnet F ort mun n eeded M ust hove experience 
Send resum e Ie 
J erry t m * , John I - - - 
O Ellis Bindery, 141 M o o u fac tu rm f 
* ,.u ' 'o k' experience io m e 
$ t , Dallas, TK 7$5o/ 
I college p referred Apply in parson 
I. ....-----— — I to Billy Iv s No 88 VIS North .Mom 
J Ast, tor M i 
Reagan between lo AM 
I , id I b v No Phone i'u IK P le a t* 

A $ $ I$ T A N T M A N A G E R T R A IN 
E E B W A N T E D 
P re to r son.eui i 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX 
Fomity Restaurants kbound 
»i!h opgortunrty for sharp individuals seeking tut) or part tim* positions flexible noun, good starting pay, ptrfotmeme raises 
Comping paid benefit* include l ospriolun lion sud vaiation. Groet growth potonhol 
Apply la Forsan; B IO a.m. 
39o4 Broadway 
Na Phono Caff*, Please lynx! OfoxrNxny bxplxfw 

-flame Food Waiter of least J ,r * 
P a t ,, R oom 
A to rn a P io n , 

 perianca required 
Avenger H o te l 2o4 

G eneral Club M anager «ggia*.sive loon aud d* .a r a g e o p e ru d o n or toon try d u b in Houston. I arge wen known PU lr cmoyfc. High btoiury and benefits. $end resum e, oil replies 
Ir icrIy confidential, PO B u . 22612. 
Houston I . //O ’/ 
H U N G R Y 
F A R M E R 
STEAK HO USE 
W aitresses abd Salad G irl* 
Apply *311 San Pedro 

►TAILOR* t #t>#f to Hor nc#fji-cj 
B#r rtyt Tailor t?f>Qp 
o9/1 
” '$7 IO TR AINEE T i J.MM” 
Need IO i/g rio u s fie ld * 
11 nde tor Ihi future A . i on,tiom i 
♦ h in g e * Ike kfliv,92J-JJ66 4IJ 
. 
M i l i t a r y 
Jobs, South Placement Service 

TRUCK DRIVERS 
M ust hove com m ercial iiien se Aff ply in person Living W indow * Corp 
!: i W Rhapsody (tain rum xxeURMGl STfcRfcRe*. needed u ort time n il tool 
Wonted i.am poiitiun ro o fir ny th# hour 
Caf! B ill Si h um . betw een 
6 MXH 6 ,5 8259 

It $ IA * r TO FLACI A ix e tis s n iw s 
W A N I AO 214 -1 o4 6 

BUS PERSONS 
N .q l AnUi iJr ain I 
Ak TEP SCHOOL 
Apply in Person til 
N A P L E S R extant ant i/ lo Hi midway e m ily Mendeys 

 to. WIL NC Ll 
■ toil W ail” 

DO O RM AN w a n te d a1 toto NUT 
CRACKER CLUB I i i i Son PedlO, opply I Jam Mun F ri 
_____ 
, to r d i i ** uud 
> (!in tor bai in 
Um .t-rsgi C it. 
Cai) *58 IMiOo tor appt 

E x p t n u n e o d d i s h w o k h e r a n d a r ook * helper i aunter g in needed f u r S o n n y > Bai B Q u e 
A p p l y 
1 o / e d t " n k ito m <i R d fc xm -rie nced W iin it .s A p p ly pi person Siec huen Restouront 544 > 
Wui/um. 6j ) 4i I/, ask tor Ting. 
LX P KITCHEN HELP 14o2 W- R» 
Olar 7334)6o} 

Kitchen Helper needed ol yea r round conference center near Mum, 
Texes Call $12 2J8-44SS far infor­ mation ana uppointmnet Salary, load and housing 
•OYSTER SHUCKER 
KITCHEN HELP! K 
EXP FOOD SERVERS 
The Bayou* Seafood 261/ Wagon 
Wheel 15* 5/54 ________ 

Part time Day SMH 
Apply 
Windy * 
ULI 
To luau 
H om buroer * 
9 ,’ OL S o n to- , , i i>. !/.(•. it 2 S p in 

Ut he! elk tin ig home t i 
.I I toto our ii-in > ;)’ i-to'f red 
S h ort u n to , to o k . B u lg u r * u ' 
On ie ii-1 •. E vening w ork excellen t work inu condition* u ni ii tor unto new expo t i l t o p u b l i c cooking u r * o 
I y i, . . iv * 
G i t u t in d o o rs , 
S S a l t !ed»» U .S hulI. S41 9VUS 
W o f t r f t k t t , a p p ly in p e r s o n , 
2 P M 6 P M , S IU I Presa 

•WAITRESS 
KARAM it 1/1 hi Zur/dmurg 

 f?OOD-Dt»WK SHTICK 
/VY l " e8 
° T 
HELP WANTED 

F u l l o r P a r t T i m e 

1 8 y e a r s o f a g e o r o v e r 

 apply in parson only 

(no phono call* please) 

3 9 7 1 F re d e r ic k s b u rg R d . 

E X P E R I E N C E D 
WAITERS 

Flaming and gourmet. 
Evening service. 
Trans­ portation needed. 
Call Mrs. Neiman 

4 9 2 - 1 o 6 3 

C A N Y O N C R E E K 

C O U N T R Y C L U B 

[TOOO-DRIRK SHYKES^) (6?6) 

W a y f a r e r L o u n g e 

T o k in g a p p lic a tio n s f o r 

Doorman & 
Cocktail waitress 

A p p ly in p e rs o n b e tw e e n 

7 p m -9 p m 

2 6 3 5 N . I . lo o p 4 1 o 

, 
WAITRESS KFEDED 
F o r new C lub in L o c k la n d o rc a . Coll to r d etolls. 674 9986 

62o - HEIP WANTED 
MISCaiMOUS 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX 

F a m ily R e s ta u ra n ts 

Abound with opportunity for sharp individuals seeking full or port time positions 
Flexible hours, good starting pay, performance raises. 
Company paid benefits include hospitalize hon and vocation Great growth potential Apply in person 2 5 p rn. 

1 2 o 2 A u s tin H w y . 
(qual Opportunity Employer 

Young Minded 
W AITERS 
And WAITRESSES 
A pp ly In Person 
Valerio’s Restaurant 
362o Broadway 

 m e n — w o m e n 
7o,ooo Job Openings 

W e hove Over 7 o ,o o o Im­ mediate jo b openings in more than 2 o o types o f jobs, lf y o u qualify, we ll pay you to learn the one you want and start you at $ 3 7 4 a month (b e fo re deductions). Join the people who've joined the Army. 
Call Army 
Opportunities 

2 2 2 -8 8 1 2 
An Equal Opportunity Employe* 

Kilt WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
HEIT WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

BOYS AND GIRLS— 1 1 -1 6 
YEARS OF AGE 

★ WONDERLAND 
AREA 

Part-time earnings afternoons Monday 
• 
Friday—ony 45 minute period between 3:3o p.m. - 5 p.m. and Saturday & Sunday mornings 
. .. any 45 minute period between 5:3o o.m.- 
7:oo a m. $4o-5o monthly. Plus, win prizes, cash, trips, movie passes, and tickets to local events. 

 lf you ore close to the above location coll 

JOHN PARKER 

2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 , E x t. 1 2 4 

B e f o r e 5 : o o p . m 
. 

A ft e r 8 :o o p .m . C a ll 

6 4 8 - 3 o 8 7 

An (qUol Opportunity tmploycr 

AMBITIOUS 
L im ite d num ber of p ositions a vod o tile to r r e lia b le , h o r d w o r k in g , e d u c a te d 
I n d iv id u a l s e e k in g p e rm a n e n t p o rt tim e e m p lo y m e n t. 
A ve ra g e I? to 16 h o u rs p er w eek. 
M u s t be a v a ila b le e v e n in g s a n d w eekends. Call tor in le t vie w 

7 3 2 -5 6 1 1 equal o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

SUPERVISOR 
TRAINEE 
Permanent position for mature, dependable, person. 
ABC linen Service 

4 3 o 3 W e s t C o m m e rc e 

A p p ly in P e rs o n 

A P A R T M N T M A N A G E R S ! lf you lik e San A nto nio, v o u 'll love 
A u s tin * S end re s u m e a n d r e f e r ­ ences to P A R A G O N P R O P E R T IE S , 
13oo C ity N atl. B ank b ld g . A ustin , 
T x 787o), No phone c a lls please___ 

ASSISTANT APT Manager 
Couple o ver JO to be Assistants w h ile tra in in g tor apts. m a n ag ers S alary p lus a p a rtm e n t, 
A p p ly a t o ffic e , 
3222 NW LOO P 41o, a fte r IO.ODAM to 7 P M . __________________________ 
A ttra c tiv e hostess, m odel, escort 
M A T C H M A K E R INC. 344 1125 
Beeline 
226-23o3 

o? QUALITY ITEMS 
o" DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATTS 
225-1666 
. 
GET THERE FIRST! 

( 
M E B C H A N D IS T M A R Q C t S T ) 

A D D IN G M a c h in e , e le c t r ic S35 
C h e c k w rite r, P a y m a s te r SSO. P a rty table w ith 4 c h o irs . S12S. 736 1o9o 
A Good Sofa, SUS S pc D inette Set 
SSO, D resser w ith M irro r SAS, H ide a Bcd. 57o 734 o934________________ 
A IR C o nd itio n er, S7S W ater C o o le r,' 
S7S 
R ods, SIO e a c h . IO W in d o w g ua rd s, S185 No checks. 43S-128S 
A irp la ne s. RC M odels, SI,OOO W o rth 
M isc E qu ip Choop. 349-9213. 
A ll M u st G o 1 B e a u tifu l D in in g To h ie s , 
C h o ir s , 
A n tiq u e 
H u tc h , 
D re s s e i $49. C hest $12. M a p le Ta hies J for SIS, W hite Tw in B ed ro om set. Too M uch to M ention. 17oS W est 
Ave. 732 6593_____________________ 
A lm o s t new L a fa y e tte sideband CB w ith Cophased antennas 6SV33TO 
A lm o st new w a she r, aas d ry e r, top pl line, e xcellen t 691 1686 
A lu m in u m E x te n s io n L a d d e rs JO 
STS, 16 STO. also wooden step la d lie rs , lam ps, m a te rn ity clothes size 
IO I J, 8 2 4 -8 3 6 9 __________________ 
A n tiq u e S o lid B ro n z e M a ilb o x 
D o o rs , In c ! J a m s . W o rk in g C oni b in a tio n locks, o nly a few left 
.49 9.’ IJ 
A N T IQ U E s taine d g lass p a n e ls in w indow s Call 349 4636, 341 83o6 
A S IA E U R O P E C opiz, blow n g lass a n im a ls , p a in tin g s , glasses m u g s , wood c a rv in g s . brass. m isc. 
33 7 8o6o________ 
_ _ _ 
A tte n tio n J M e te r o m o te u r ra d io 
H ove H eath HW 2o? tra n s re c ie v e r w ith c ry s ta ls , exc. c o n d , 
SI2S. 
923-6524 
B A B Y C R IB n eve r used S53. a nd bassinet, s is 9J4 J17?______________ 

B E D B o o k c a s e c o m p le te . $ 35 ; 
Students c o rn e r desk, SIS, 824 9354. 
B E D . aueen size, superb co nd itio n, 
< om piete w ith h eadboard a nd gold sa tin spread S7S 684 J931 
B edroom suite 5 pc. SISO end tab le , codec tab le S>*> eo 653 8719 

FOR S A LE 
Couch and m a tc h in g lounge c h a ir, b ro w n cru sh e d ve lvet. 
S35o for both J41 o563 

FOR S ALE 
FO U R K eysto ne Slot ted M o g s , N eed to Sole. In G ood 
C ondition 
Size 
14x6 
4 5o - 
4.75 
826 1166 
FO R S A LE 
Sears V a rio u s Speed 
M assager 
Used 
V e ry 
L ittle 
$85 
736 o)61 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
B ent Steel P ipe 

F ib e rg la s s Tabs & S how ers 
W ater H eaters 
Steel T uhs 
Cast Iro n Tubs 
Sinks L a v o ro to rie s 
M a n y O ther Item s 

2 2 4 -o 6 7 2 

F u rn itu re , doghouse, etc. M O V IN G 
Ond m ust sell 684 6544 

 b i k e IO S peed, B ik e P o c k , 
P um p $75 Con 
69o 155o 
T ire 

F u rn itu re Sole, used M e d ite rra n e a n w ith lo n g lig h t g re e n o n d g o ld fle c k e d s o fa o n d g o ld s o fa a n d c h a ir. C h in a c a b in e t 
A n tiq u e W a- t e r b e r r y c a le n d e r c lo c k 
A n tiq u e 
G ra n d m o th e r (lo c k 
R e frig e ra to r- fre e ze r 315 H o rtlin e 

B lack and W hite 17" Zenith p o rta b le 
$5o 684 343o. 735 63Jo______________ l l ’ blocs w h ite p o rta b le TV $37.5o 
19 color p o rta b le $125, 733-o76? 
B re a k fa s t ta b le . 4 c h a ir s , g a m e ta o ie , 4 c h o irs , a ir h ocke y ta b le , la rg e ru g , lik e new m a p le c o ffe e tab le cost $17SwMl toke $85; la m b s, tobies, I Dr Tony L o m a ladies boots, 
6 :B CBI ?1oS b rid a l sow n, P ris c illa , size 7, n e v e r w o rn , c o n d o le n t c o lo r C ost $4oo, sell a t $12$. b rid a l v e il cost $2oo sell o f $9$, 734-6969 
/C a ra t A piece W edding B and Set 
$275 Rose, 432 4I?7 
CB R A D IO w ith a nte nn a $6o Slate 
8 re g p oo l to b le , $375 o r m a k e 
Utter 53 I 8957 or S i 3 o718 
C hainsaw , w a ll h ea ters, ru g s, sink, 
M 3 C hevy p ickup door. 63o A D R IA N 
C hest, b e d ro o m fu rn itu re , d in e tte , re frig e ra to r, stove, h e a le r, 734-6112 or 735 7o57 
C H IL D 'S B ic y c le Good C o n d itio n , 
$J3 653 4/13 

CLOTHES SALEH! 
A ll clothes in good c o nd itio n B oys sizes 6.7,6.9,14,16.18, G irls J r Sizes 
7,v A l 415 S. Son Ja cinto . S unday. 
J a n u a ry 9, 1(3 4 
C o lo r 
BW f v s 
W a sh e r d r y e r , b e d ro o m su ite, end tab le s, h id # a b e d , s te re o . B a b y G ra n d P ia n o , s m o li a ntiq ue desk, m isc 656 33U 
C o lo r Tv C onsole, e x c e lle n t cond! lio n , $95 534 9o59 
C o lo r TV 25 
Console L ate M o d e l 
Good C ondition $15o 923 1761 
C o lo r TV 25 . e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
$115 92? 4225 
C O LO R T V 25 
M a g n o v o x . M e d i te rro n e o n s ty le o il w ood c a b in e t 
B ea u tifu l condition. 
$2oo. 
9 6 pm , 
.’/J 22o8 
COLOR TV . p e rfe c t c o n d itio n , IIM ) 
149 o82o 
C olor 
T v . 
824 97o8 
19 
W o rks Good $75 

C ra ig 5Uoo s e rv ic e rs A M F M stereo r e lie v e r 2o w a tts RM S per c h an ne l tw o w ov I ' s p e a k e rs , w o od g ra m c a b in e t super scope cassette deck w ith a otb v 
M u s t s e ll, SIHI u n d e r w a rra n ty whole system o nly $275 or best a lle r 2/6 7/62 ______________ 
D I SK- A u steel m e a s u re 
. 
. c o n s tru c tio n , to p 
3ox6o $135 826 8721 

DESKS! DESKS! DESKS! 
OO* 
W a ln u t, M e to l. E x e c u tiv e , 
S e cre to ry. S tudent la rg e selection 
$69 5o a n d up 
I I T ) B a s s e Rd 
*3 3 7)67 73) 948?. 731 3o81 
D e stitute F a m ily Of 4 rh ild re n need a D r e s s e r, W o u ld L ik e T V S et, 
S p rin g 
M a ttre ss, 
Please 
C oll 
532 514o 
_________ 
D ictaphone c ia A n sw e rin g M a ch in e 
6 m o olQ $125 688 J/QU 
D in e tte set i tie r y a rd fo u n ta in , dog h o u s e s , S in g e r s e w in g m a c h in e 
'a s h only 658 85J8 
O w in g Set Chino C ebine!, B ed ro om 
Set. Couch, C h o ir, G old R e trlg e ro to r s p a n is h D in e tte , M a p le Tea 
C a rt. f rid tables. Color TV. Chest 
337 i t t 
I K : 
Jm neft C o uth B edroom Set C ottee na to b ie s . Stove R e c lin e r, C h it u t otic B ookrose 33) 6958 
>ishw asher, C,k 
Oven ode, 4 c y c le , loud cond $145 M 
Dog houses. G e rn io n Shepherd size, 
$25 d e liv e re d 6$$ 2363 
D R Y E R . $45. D in e tte S et, $2o, ra d io bike tire wheel 656 711} 

FREIGHT 
SA LV A G E 
Bent Steel Pipe 
Fiberglass Tubs A 
Showers 
W ate r Heaters 
Steel Tubs 
Cast Iron Tubs 
Sinks Lavatories 
Mony Other Items 
2 2 4-o 672 

M a y ta g w a s h e r a n d clee 
$125 349 o84o efo re 12 a ft 6 
M E A T M A R K E T E Q U IP M E N T 
434 1266 o fte r 5PM 223-7712. 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n o 
o 

M IC R O P H O N E S A K C 2-D-2ooE. $45 e a c h . D I6 o E , $15; D 1oooE. $35. 
Good fo r re c o rd in g . 69o-o283. 
M O D E R N C h a ir. $35, 2 m o d e rn 
K o h le r Sofa s, $125, 22 It U p rig h t fre e z e r, $1oo, 21 in lo w n b o v w ith a tta c h e r, $5o, Leos sw eeper, $3o. 
826 5o17 
IO m onth old GE re frig e ra to r, exc. cond 17.6 CU 699o727. $325 

F u r a ltu re -A p p lia n t es-J e w e lry 
A ll A p p lic a tio n s a p p ro v e d w ith re q u ire d d ow n p a y m e n t C o ll Im - p o rta l F u rn 222 2227 416 B ro d y 

G A R A G E S A L E 
T u b e T e s te r , 
F u r n itu r e , D is h e s , C lo th e s , p lu s o dd s o n d e n d s , e tc . C h e a p 
5523 
G leason 684 3125. Sole th ru , I 9 77 
G A R A G E S A L E 
S o t o n d S un . lO o m 6 p m O rg a n , fu r n itu r e a n d m iscellan eo u s 
1o514 
P a lm d a le , ann in 11 
G arag e Sole S atu rd ay and Sunday 
Odds ond ends 
9 5, 
1743 
W 
H tjtsache 

G A R A G E S ALE 
F u rn itu re , "lots of te w e lr v o n d m a n y o th e r ite m s 
T h u rs T u e s 
9 6P M 
7417 
Lea dino 
Oaks 
G a ra g e S ale, fu r n itu r e , c lo th in g , m iscellaneous, 823 M a rq u e tte . Sat 8 to 5 434 8666 
G A R A G E S A L E 
C lo t h in g . CB r a d io , m is c e lla n e o u s 
34o6 
H o pecrest o fte r 9 A M 341 425o 
G A R A G E ‘■■‘• L E v e i l E v e ilin g 
W ay Sot 
Sun 
G A R A G E SALE 
W ednesday Jon 
I? , M o s tly C lo th e s , S om e T o y s , 
M ist 
26.38 B 'o o k h u rs t 
It R a in in g 
N o Sole 
3U)C 

G IB SON, ES 335 TD 12 S trin g E ire 
I r e L o t# 6 o s S u n b u rs t E x c e lle n t 
C ondition 
W ith 
Case 
A tte r 
6 
534 9326 
G R A N D F A T H E R C LO C K t o cub­ b y o w n e r 
D u n c a n 
P h y l# , m a h o g a n y , te m p ts f u g it w o rk s 
W e stm in iste r chim es. 
148o tim 
P E3 12o9 
S' G ra n d P iano, 1392 E m e rso n . Ju st tu n e d , see to a p p r e c ia te . N e w 
B ra un fels, I 625 8845 
G R U N O IG ra d io w ith c a b in e t, ex e ellent co nd itio n. $5oo, 2o y e a rs old 
674 6332 
H o ir d r y e i, GE Fashion M is t $15 
344 5746 ofte r 4f-M 

 h i o e a b e d ' O u te n s iz e S panish 
D e s ig n 
M a tc h in g u p h o ls te ry end tables w ith genuine n o te tops 135o also 2 lig h ts in clu de d 696 7519 
H o o k e r H e o a e rs 
F its 69 t T IW O 
C hevy or G MC. $65 
R adio c o n tro l 
C ra ft 3 ch o lin e ' $1oo 122 35o6 
H a tto n P r o v in c ia l T a b le o n d I c h a irs HOO RCA Console T v . need re p a irs $15 
324 7*94 o fte r 5 3o or w eekend 
J u k e B u ie s n e w e r o n d o ld e r m odels, o tte r 4 344 /4 4 I 
3 K eg Nor On Der r r r 
Old 17oo 349 3671 i t . 2 m o n th s 

K IN G S U E B l D 
C o m p le te ~ 
Sole, Spanish S tyle H e ad b oa rd HOO 
924 o496 
K IN G S IZ E b ed, n e v e r used 
S till packaged, e x tra firm (W o rth $48o1 com plete $178 Includes 2o y r guar ante# Ona d e liv e ry 
U s u a lly hom e 
6»4 8 
9 K IR B Y V A i / u M S w ith a M o th m e a ts , n e w in b o x , 1977 m o d e l 
R egular $379 95 S a c rific e to r $21o, d e liv e re d 
L o s t d ea l on a p ts C a ll 
A ustin, 51? 451 778o 

K R O LE H E R I ro d it tonal couch and c h o ir, re u p h o ls te re d o n d g e n u in e w a s h a b le n a u g a h y d e , a a u a b lu e 
$1oo 655OI 12 
L o d v x e n m o re w a s h e r • d r y e r p o rta b le 
O rig in a l w a rra n ty 
Eves 
342 o * BC 
L a rg e H r * e x im g g is h e r $1$, N o r yes! G old F o rt W asher and D ry e r set $17o E x c e lle n t cond 826 1173 
LAW BOOKS 
C o m o id # set of Texas D tg e -t ond 
V erno n s A n n o ta te d C iv il S tatutes 
C u rre n t S u p p le m e n ts and in cond *24 4)1o 
L a w n m o w e rs self p i opened. 
R o tary, $2o. 33 » 36o5 
>4 

D u nca n P nytc C hino C a bine t w ith 
M a tc h in g B u ffe t! $45o. One To pp o n 
C os Range new 36' W h ile , $125. One 
S e a rs P o rta b le D is h w a s h e r, $75 
One 45 P istol w ith H olster $185. One 
M ink Stole S ilver $2oo A ll m Goad i ond ltlg n 
144 31*8 
E le c tr ic a d d in g m a ch ine , P o la ro id 
C a m e ra , am im ra d io 
Cosh 
7'geol 84 
_______ 
E STA TE L IQ U ID A T IO N S A L I 
( om p lete Horn rn F u rn is h in g s . C fh an A lie n ond F rig id o ire A pp lia n ces, lik e new 
74o2 
Castle 
C row n . 
655 *54? 
I I e rin KS 8.OM b t u " Window u n it, less thou I y *o r old I IO v o lt, 4 y e a r w a rra n ty , 
$19$ a r best o tte r, 
3267742 
________________ f J o tte rs F u n la c e lid G ood co nd 
C e n tra l On cond C o m p re ssor out 
$2o 142 5257 
F e nd e r S tn itn ,.aster 59 b lack fin is h w ith M a p le b o u rd w ith b a r, e x c e l le nt condition, w ith case c a ll o tte r 6 
‘,4 4 9326 

L en ses 
N ew 
2oo m m . 115 n im g ild 35 m m SI OO for QU 673 *41o 

FL UDN ESC E N t f I * ) DR E S 
*28 >786 

T ig h t 

$o L ik e New < ■* , Tobies io ita b fi 
F le o n .o rk e t D isp la y $3o co 342 SCH? 
L ou d S pe a kers £ o ir I f r n o lle r A d vent R a re ly Used 627 24o7 
M a hogany C hino C o nine ! lith . 7 pc 
~ 
-rte HO o ft 5 YI o64 13o2 
I 
M a m ly a ? 33 w ith J le n s o n d accessories 681 1o77 
M an s tie d lu r quo ive v in y l re c lin e 
V e ry good c o n d itio n A s k in g $75 
Call 826 o)oo 
M oroni! 273o Reciever, G urrq rd 
Z e ro 'OO, T w o F is h e r S p e a k e rs 
AHtpf ft fil i i \ S 

M A R T IN G U IT A R S 
O 28 and oo28C 
ALSO stro ng sate 
124 m o 
M a tc h in g b e d ro o m c h e s t w k m c x K n a c k s h e lf, J d ra w e r n ig h ts ta n d to m a tc h , 2 d rg w e 
$15o 69 5 3733 
M a tc h in g old u na (h a ir ra re fie r*! c o n d 
C o m p le te to d u d Jo G a a q u a riu m s 
349 7 /9 / a tte r 
5 and w e t k ends 

IN G L E 
B I D 
C o m p le te . $5o. 
Lam ps Tables O dds and 
E nds 
82? 3148,_______ 
__________ 
SOFA and loveseat, g re en and gold 
V e ry nice 125o 696 311/___________ 
Solo and M a tc h in g £ h a ir, M ust Sell. a fte r 5 ca ll 534 /512. 
Soto, c h a irs , s p a n is h ta o le h utch , tw in bed, high c h o ir, chest 681-3859 
SOFA, D uncan P hyte , w ine a ntiq ue ve lvet. $16o 824 8831 
SONY 63o. Deck and a m p lifie r. $25o 
Call 
224 1191 

M o v in g S ale F u r n itu r e , c lo th e s , je w e lry , m isc. 349 1991 o tte r 6 
M O V IN G S A L E 1 H o u s e h o ld lu r nishlnos, clo the s, g re e n w a re , la w n 
Item s, re c o rd s , bikes. 524 W heaton 
Rd 
M O V IN G S A L E 1 T h urs Sun G lass w o re , boo ks, k itc h e n u te n s ils , a p nuances, d ro ne s, bedroom set. din ette set CASH 656 1461 

S te re o re c o rd c h a n g e rs , w ith speakers, 
I 
L lo y d ', 
I 
C a p e tia n 
824 7552 
Stove, e le c tric , 2 ovens, q rla d le . ISO. 
U nderw ood ty p e w rite r $25 494 2o27 
Super scope cassette deck, Sony c o r cassette b la v e r 25 p o p u la r cassette tapes, pkg. deal m u s t sell o nly $15o, 
22* 7762._____ 

M O V IN G S A L E ! Stove. R e frlg e ra tor, D inette Set, M isc. 648 3554 
M U ST S E L L . D in e tte , 2 end tobies, eterge, love scut A ll u nder I year 
Old 342 1o89 utter 6. 
N o tu r al Long h a ir M ink Cope Cost 
1o5o In 1975, w o rn tw ic e 565o 
664 o245 a fte r 5 p rn 
N o re lc o R a zo r $12, C o rn in g W a re 
C offee P ot L ik e N ew $7, E le c tr ic 
Can O pe n er $6, C o rd O re g o n , No 
Stand 56 655 1865 
N O R G E W osher, $3o 
34) 456o 
ODDS 'N E N D S H ave o rd e rs , m ost sell 67) oo5o 

OFFICE CHAIRS x e c u tiv e , S e c re ta ry , O c c a s io n a l. 
U p h o ls te re d , v in y l o n d g e n u in e le a th e r. A ll b e a u tifu l 
O v e r 2Qo c h a irs to choose fro m P ric e d fro m 
$8 5o o n d u p 
1131 B a s s e R d . 
733 7)67, 734 3o81. 
69 O ldsm obile D elta 88 m o tor $19o and w indow s $5o, 733 9476 
One S liding Door O ra ng e and G old 
Casem ent D ra p e rie s , 86 "x U 8 ” $6o. 
P ink P lisee C ustom M ode Swag and 
D ra p e rie s 86x1o1" HOO 492 2533 
O rgon, L o w e ry Super G enie, excel lent cond 653-6)58 o tte r 6P/»i. 
PA S ystem , u n d e r w a rra n ty , $75o. 
534 9883 o ft 5 and w eekends 
P e t r i 7S 3 5m rn C o u p le d R o n g e 
F in d e r 
C a m e ra w ith a c c e s s o rie s od t r ip o d 
R e b u ilt , e x c e lle n t beginners c a m e ra s. $85, 226-7762 
PH O N E M A T E E x e c u tiv e D eluxe 
HQ C oll 655-76o4. 
P in b a ll M a ch ine e x c e lle n t co nd itio n 
125o 333 49o4 otte r 3 3o 
P in B u ll M a c h in e , c o m m e r c ia l grade, $2oo K en m o re w a she r, $5o both in good co nd itio n PVI 1629 
P IO N E E R OX 949, Q uad re c e iv e r, 
A lfe t 64* B speakers, 696-8581 
P olice scanner tennelec M CO I dig, ta i scanner can scan up to 16 chon n e ts no c r y s t a ls , p r o g r a m a n y fre q u e n c y 
A ll p o lio b o n s ho d ig ita l re a d o u t o f tre a u e n t b e in g e ce iv e d H as s e a rc h c a p a b ilitie s tor unknow n fre q u e n c y s till in w ar ro n t^ 5295 ra s h 734 s i l l 
P O O L t a b l e 
C u s to m m a d e . re g u la tio n size 
D elm o B illa rd Co rfe c l-c o n d ., 
$35o. 
73AI544 or 
344 9845_____________ 
Pool Table w ith a ccessories, cover and lig h t $375 656 1677. 
P O R C H S A L E 
L in e n s , D is h e s , 
Misc 1o7 W oodw ard. 724 o265 
P O R T A B L E D IS P L A Y CASES 
A t HW F ie o M a rk e t S a t.-S u n tab le 
2 2 7JS7914 
P ro g ra m m a b le c a lc u la to r (2 m o old). Ti s r 56 Con 8?8 o8oo________I 
P un ch ing B ag $4^, 7oIDS 
IO speed 
116o 344 1Q19 ■ 
Q ue e ns,ze b e d ro o m s e t, 2 n ig h t stones. trip le d re sser ond m irro r good co nd itio n Coucn. loveseat and co rn er tab le 654 136) 
JO Ronge, gas. v e ry good cond S5o 
674 19o6 
RCA 25 to te r T v 
P e rfe c t C ondi lio n $175 W estinghouse B lack ond 
W hite TV and R ecord P lo v e r Com b ina tio n 
$7$ 
Good 
C ondition 
VZ4 Q7V6 
REALISTIC 
ST A 7 J 
A m '( to r e c e iv e r , S I OO. B SR 48,ooo B x re c o rd c h a n g e r. SIO 
2 R e a lis tic 
O ptim pu s IB speakers. 
$15o 
41 ? 6 /jT ^ 
Red" V elour love sea I w ith mote m in g h a ir and ta b le s 
E x c e rc is e b ike kin g size ben 
>9 SjJJ. o v t.//tv 
R e frig e r a to r ie rv c -i Gas Ideal tor 
Cutim $1oo 
Bn yr ie G irls 26" 
492 2414 
$2o 

 e l-F re e z e r 14 
W h irlp o o l F o r 
F rec $85 K en m o re 8oo W asher Gas 
D ry e r $1oo b oth on good co nd itio n 
F a rb e r w a re O pen F le g rth B ro ile r 
L ike new $7o 8J8 8658 
Reb tie r o lo r, Guoq W o rk in g Condi bon R easonable 433 4o 29 f te lr ig e r a ta r . L a te m o d e l 2 door 
Reasonable 534 6713 
R E F R IG E R A T O R d O O O d o N o " 
$75 ca sh 
S to v e g oo d co n d 
$5o 
W osher lik e new, $!2S 
623 5794 
Anytime 
I 
R e frig e ra to r, iron space heater good c o n d itio n 532 937? 
I Reg K l. V on Seats, $?5 ca { 14 
R a lly rim s , $2 ra d ia l tu e s , $2o eu tru c k , $5o 923 64 

2 F 71 14 Ste# 
RA IG Quod 

TE AC «oIo G SL re e l to re e l tap e deck C olt: 735 7248 
T E L E V IS IO N B lack W h ile Z e n ith , 
19", exc . $75 E ven in gs 735 .1527.j 
T ro d e P ro p e rty a t C a n n o n L a k e 
Shores to r ' ; Ton P ick up I 7 79 4P11 
TV a nd S T E R E O S e rv ic e E q u ip m en!, 
S A M S 
P H O TO FA C TS 
3 35o6. 
TV'S $25 ond 35, w o rk in g ond b at ter Iqs $8 each, c a ll a fte r j, 648 346o 
U N IT E D F R E IG H T SALE S 
No I 
............................ 1o4 E 
L A M A R 
No 2 
. 1 o 4 1 o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fine F u rn itu re - F ra c tio n of re ta il 
U p rig h t P la no $6oo o r best o tte r 
Coll a tte r 4, 69o-996o 
U S E D C A R P E T a p p ro x 
12x15 averag e. $2o each, w h ile they la s tl 
633 26oo 
M 
USED R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 
7o7 W EST A V E ., 734-4237 
V lv ita r S eries One Zoom Lens to r 
35m m C a m e ra Zoom R ange 7o71o n im W ith Sky. L ig h t, C ross Screen ond P o la riz in g F ilte rs 648 338? 

HUP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 
HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUSJ 

<*— 
'N 
62o 

SECURITY OFFICERS 

Presently In te rv ie w in g for Temporary Jobs N eed 5 o Security 

Officers (Male & Female) 
FRINGE PROGRAM 

Pay $ 2 4 3 per week 
Uniforms furnished 
Excellent training program 

REQUIREMENTS 

M u s t bd in e x c e lle n t p hy s ic a l c o n d itio n o n d a b le to w o rk 

 lo n g h ours. M ust be 2 J or o v e r 
H ig h sch o o l e d u c a tio n o r • 

 e q u iv a le n t 
M u st h ave im m a c u la te b a c k g ro u n d 
M u s t h ave 

 se c u rity e xp e rie n ce . 
CAN YOU QUALIFY? 
Interviewing Mon.-Frl. 8 - 6 (no phone coils) 

Son A ntonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy January 9 1977 

( 
MISCELLANEOUS 
)(7 o 7 ) 
( 
MISCELLANEOUS 
) (7o?) 
[ 
MISClllANEOUS 
)(7 o T ] 

SMITH 
STANLEY SMITH 
SECURITY, INC. 

2 l l W . O lm os 

Oh equal opportunity employer 

W a ln u t b e d ro o m set. d ou ble head b o a rd , t r ip le d re s s e r, 4 d r a w e r ch est, 2 n lte s ta n d s , In e x c e lle n t condition S17S. K e n m o re gas d ry e r, 
S25. 822 746o 
W alnut double d re sser m u ro r and m a tch in g chest $175 653 5688 
W A L N U T 4 p o s te r tw in b ed s i? ) 
SIDO, cedar ch est $.15, m a rb le top w o sh s ta n d $65; m o rb lc to p e nd table $35 69* » ! « ■ 
W A N T E D 
D u n c a n P h y te L a m p 
Toole Reasonable. C oli l i t 447) 
W A N T E D : G arde n T ille r fteavono pie 654 o2J) 
W onted; M a hogany D rat) Leu* D in na R o om S et 
Cond 635881? 
M u s t be in G o o d 

W A N T E D 
R o llc ifle x 
I 4 68) 1o72__________ f w in L e n s , 

W a rd s L o w n S w e ep er to r r iflin g m ow er or h an d push $75 C a lh ou n 
W ater Softener $2o M o g no vox I? " color Tv $65 342 5 2 5 ? _____________ 
W ASM ER, K en m o re A uto m a tic in good co nd itio n. SSS E le c tric D ry e r, 
$65 433 452o_________ ______________ 
W ASHING M A C M IN C , K en m o re , J c ye ie Quod c o nd itio n $53 656 1*29 
W a te r B ed 
SISO C o n te m p o r a r y loveseat grid sofa I j OO 656 8962 
W E S T I N G H O U S E 
C o lo r 'ta b le m o d e l.! 
924 Q/96 re c o n d itio n e d 
SISO. 

 tb fc L C H A IR , p e rfe c t cond $65 
______________ 735 8587 
W h ite F re n c h P ro v ln ic a l C a n o p y 
B edroom Suite, C all 347 o919 
W hite G old D ia m o n d B ra c e le t 3 78 c o ra ls 
17 B ea u tifu l D ia m o n d C los te rs A p p ro v e d V oluo $22oo, M u s t 
S acrifice S8oo F irm 
Call A n y tim e 
653-MO*. 
W H IT E N v l 6 n S H A G C A RPC” ana Pod 15ft 7m B v ITH Im C A L L 
828 2913 
____________ 
I W ilto n re p ro d u c tio n of P e rs ia n 
B o k tlo n design IOO ■» w ool K a ra s ta n u g 
A p p ro x v t! .IS M w ith J s m a lle r ru g s 
A s k in g $2OO tor all 
8?6 o io o 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
Y ashica e le c tro X, V iv ito r US m m le ns 
2 CS99A s p e a k e rs a n a so 3o w ith st ope 655 77o4 
_______ 
____ 
733 MERCHANDISE KAKHO 

A T T E N T IO N MUSIC (A N S 1 L o o kin g tor F .det er or Steel p la y e r fo r cs to o ls h e d C a na W B on d 
S e rio u s in q u irie s o nly co ll L in d a 684 2165 or 
681 8225 for a p p t___________________ 
B u y in g to te m o d e l r e t r ia e r g t o r t , b e e ze rs needing re p a ir 341 tt«5 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
B uy. Sell. T rode. 
5372 SAN P E D R O epair 
82* 2327 
CASH tor yo ur Used P iano 
224 711) or 274 1)o2 
D i a m o n d s 
W illia m s 227 8/o2, HO E H ouston 
J b u y w a sh * r s n e e d in g r e p a ir 
K enm are W h irlp o o l CE 
5)3 o7*7 

Til BUY ANYTHING 
THAT D O B IN T K A T it I 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633 26oo O' 63) o34o e J O * P AY S CASH# 
F o r used fu rn itu re and w o rk in g ap p lia n t# -, 923*912 977 4o45 

 egutahun size pool la b ** and p ing 
POMO top $7$ 654 66/? 
74 R e m in g to n 77o. m o d e l 7ooB 
W e a v e r V7 B s c o p e , p a d , tip s 
Strop#, case, shells L ik e new $17$ 
349 7771 d ays 
733 9273 n igh ts 
R em odeling Leeds 6 e p t S tarr tor sale la v a to rie s , d o o rs a n d tig h t fix tu re s >45 W C om m erce fc o lle itle x F 2 i| T e s s a f l"J* s in g le tens re fle x c o te book 512567s 841o io le m o n S am ple Sale";"" L v e t .th in g a t F a t to t y C o it L in g e rie S ports w ear. Betise,reads, p illo w s, s p o ttin g goods, tow els, other a ssorte d ite m s 
T u rtle C reek A pt P o tty Room **31 
F a ir H aven F ri I y 
Sun I 5 
L A M P L E SAc t 
M e n s B o v s blue le a n s , s h ir t s , o n d s p o r ts w e a r , k n o b h llla p ls le a s in g o ffic e . >626 
C u'iughqn 9 to 5. Sunfloy 
T a iix , a ' i ’L i , ; 
Jr 
: 

 p ie r repair f a it 92? 4 159 
"W ASTED fie r fr o iu s power nozzle 735 /SIS v a t g um wk 

A U N A F i t I 
C om plete 92', i ll) 
Between 8-4 lo 
S C U B A e q u ip m e n t 7? se ts) 
A ls o 
O ulpm olK iro n tilte r 
I 77? <967 

 le e r s D o ub le M a ttre s s $45 M o tor 
Ola B W TY W a ln ut, p e rfe c t C ondi lio n , $7o B ab y ite m , $1o L in o le u m 
D inette 828 *829 
Sewing m o ch inn like new. k e u m o r# zig zag s tre tc h b u tto n h o le r 
M o re ta r r y m y cpsc 734 6969 
SHURE PA System 
344 7457 lik e new Call 

We buy F u rn itu re . A pp lia n ces 
E states A ntiq u es G la ssw are etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
653 3714 a n y tim e , 655-4634 eves 
JO HN A R O W L A N D B AR N E S 
L icensed ond B onded B uye rs 

DISTRICT 
SALES MANAGER 

Individual must have reliable transporta tion and proof o f liability insurance. 
Apply In Person 
1:oo P.M. to 4:3o P.M. 
Personnel Office 
San Antonio Express 

 on equal opportunity em ployer 

>DOUBLE BONUS ADS? 
(MERCHANDISE ADS ONLY • CLASS 731) 
SAVE YOU 6 o % 
WRITE YOUR OW N AD 

A N e w lo w Rote tor p riv a te p o tty M e rc h a n d is e A d v e rtis in g ro lle d 
D o u b le Bonus A ds w ill d e liv e r in sults cst l*-x n s S ized S aving s o f 6 o ‘v.> 
Hu-sr- ads arr- e x p o s e d to 7 V 3 .o o o p o te n tia l b u ye rs D a ily in the San A n to n io W a n t A d S u p e rm a rk e t ( 3 3 ,o o o m o n - tha n the lig h t) 

The D o u b le Bonus S p o tia l is d e s ig n e d to p ro v id e O re d u c e d ro te to t in d iv id u a ls w h o w ish to sell things they no loriiget nee d 
The sp e cia l ta lc a l ? lines, 6 d a y s $ J m akes it p ro fita b le to a d v e rtis e lo w re s t item s m kTi os b o lly fu rn itin e or u sed a p p lia n c e s 

Thi o n ly re q uirem en ts are 

1 
O n ly p riv a te in d iv id u a ls a re e lig ib le lo i this 6 o '’ o m o n e y s a v in g o le 
2 
The o d m ust be p la te d le i six d a y s It the ite m is so ld b e fo re the s n d a y s cire u p, yo u m a y t tm te l furth e r ru n n in g dciyv o t the a d b u t the fu ll ra te w ill be c h ritiie d (In o th e r w o rd s , no re fu n d or celt.- a d ju s tm e n t tor u nu sed d a y s o n d n o ro p y s u b s titu tio n s ) 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 1o% BY 
MAILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD 

H ire r' I T T I I I 
L L I I I J J . I l T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T l 

2 
1 I I I I I r i l l V I I I I I l l I I I I T I T 

EXTRA $$$ CASH 
Deliver Morning Express Routes 

B etw een 3 :o o A .M . and 6 :o o A .M . 
$25o TO $3oo PER MONTH 
Alamo Heights and Terrell Hills 
Delicrest — off W .W . W hite Rd. 
For Information Call - 225-741 I 
Ext. 126 
Or 6 55 -5 675 

A n E qual O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

3 [ I I T I I I T T T T T T T 

4 m e n i i 1 11 t i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1111 11 11 m m 

 s r r r r r r r r m 
I n i m 
T 
T r r r r r 

 lig u r t the (a s t o f your a d tra m these lo w ro le s 
D i d in I IO for p a y lilt ut w ith yo ur r,rd*-f 
These ra te s a tt- to r p riv a te p a tty w a n t ruts 

 a n d a p p ly ta six t rinse, a liv e rla y in s e rtio n s 
2 lines m in im u m 
A p p ro x im a te ly - ll s p o t! s p e r line 

P lease th in k your o d the fit st d a y it a p p e a rs 
N O A l) ll IM M f N I S 

I O R IR R O R C A N Bl M A D I A f l l R I H I H R S ! R U N N IN G D A Y 

7 lines . 
3 lines . 
4 lines . 
5 lines . 
6 lines . 
7 lines . 

$ 3 .o o 
4 .5 o 

6 . o o 
7 .5 o 
9 .o o 
1 o .5 o 

NAME 

ADDRESS 

PHONE NO 

CITY 
STATE 

START DATE 
CLASS. 

ZIP 

MAIL COUPON TO 
EXPRESS-NIWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third S t./P .O . Box 2171 
----------------San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 
----------- o r c a ll 
. 
. 
. 
225-1666 to d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 

$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 

Convenience Store Management 

Choice o f career plans and locations 

Shift a rra n g e m e n t or contract for salary and comm ission 

 it PAID V A C A T IO N 

★ FREE IN SU RA N C E 
★ B O N U S PLAN 
Bookkeeping, O ffice & Clerical help also needed 
Lone Star Ice & Fopd Stores 
3oo W . Jones Ave. 
Interview s 1-4 p.m . w eekdays 

ASSISTANT 
APT. 
MANAGER 

Excellent prom ot­ ional opportunity. N o pets - N o children. 

824 -2 322 

C o te ta k e r o n d h a n d y m o n to r d U k c n e a r B o e r n e 
S m a ll, f u r n i s h e d h o u s e p lu s u t ilit ie s t o r c o u p le In e x c h a n g e f o r 8 h o u r s w o r k p e r w e e k 
N o c h i l d r e n 
R e r e n r e s r e q u ire d 826 I IVO 

CLERK— INVENTORY 
E a r n m a t e x tr o m o n e y y o u d lik e to n a v e A ll y o u n e e d is a g o o d w o r k m g k n o w le d g e o f s im p le m a th o n d be 
O b i# to w o r k e a r ly m o r n in g s . C o r e e r p o s itio n a v a ila b le o fte r tr a m m g a n d e x p e rie n c e M u s t be 18 o n d h ig h sc h o o t g ra d u a te S ta rts a t $2 SO o n h o u r 
A p p ly in p e rs o n IO to 3 p m o r C o ll 349 5137 
Washington Inventory Service 
8o26 Vantage Dr Suit# 1o1B 
Son A n to n io Texas 
IH IO and C a lla g h a n Rd 
J49 5I37 

Security Officers 
3 o k x rt Hxix 8 N II Mum ix p . Resquired 
S u p e rv is o ry p o s itio n 
A v a ila b le 
$ 2 .3 6 - $ 2 . 7 5 P e r H r. 
Work with th# leading Squinty fitm in th * world Above overage goy 
Military background pinioned 
Iroinmg provided Strict background 
(berk necessary All undoimt ond equipment furnished 
Join The 
WACKENHUT 
Team 
Apply of 
46o6 Centerview Of Suit# I $5 
M onday-I ridg y 6 3 o 5 PM 
•g va l opportunity em ploy*t 

COMPANY TRAINS of least 21 ond S A resident tor I yr. 
No phone in te rv ie w s 
2 2 2 18*9 
(t w in Jon 9 12 only) 
_ 
CONSTRUCTION 
S U P E R IN T E N D E N T 
N e e d e d , m u s t be fa m ilia r w ith V A a n d T H A C o n s t r u c t io n , 684 542o, 
W in d s o r M o m # * In c 
Co n s t r u c t i o n * 
Good Co needs #>p«ri«m.#d Super 
$9K IPK M ary 828 *494 New Day 
Personnel Conslts. 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

ALARM OPERATIONS 
"The Security Compony' Is now interviewlna for posi­ tions in ail (tolas of alarm operations 
Alarm in­ stallation and service person­ nel 
Must be experienced. 
Benefits include uniform I, life beollh insurance, paid vacations 
Call for ap­ pointment: 

8 2 4 - o 5 6 4 
| BAM to SPM, Mon in 
ST ANH Y SMITH 
5HURITV, IMC 
211 Bf Olmos 
San Antonio, Tx 74212 
{gaol Opportunity tmployer 

 e x p a n d in g B u s in * . s R e q u ite s 

AMBITIOUS PERSON to b u ild lo c a l t ir a n c h o f n o t io n a l c o n c e r n 
$ 1 2 ,o o p e r y e o r , o t t e r tr a in in g C a ll 656 8719 b e tw e e n 6 a n d 
7pm tor a p p o in tm e n t 

COUNTER MAN with knowledge ol plumbing supplies. Central Plumb mg Supply 734-77o*___________ 

DANCERS 
N e e d e d im m e d ia t e ly 
N e w p la c e o u ts id e c ity lim it s 
H ig h p a y c tip s C a lt n o w 674 9988. 

D e liv e r y p e r s o n 1 6 a m lp m a n d 
4 JU 9, m u s t h a v e o w n t r a n s p g r tu lio n a n d lia b ilit y in s u ra n c e 
A b le to w r ite a n d s p e a k E n g lis h A p p ly i / / o 
SW M ilita r y D r 
921 12oo 

D e p e n d a b le p e rs o n to w o rk iii 
H o u s e C a fe , 6 d a y s . 1 o A M ta 5 
7)2 o 
4 
8 
/ 
________________ 

N S ) A L L F tx j M E L P L R zieqdeT , s o m e c o n s t r u c t i o n k n o w le d g e p r e fe r r e d W ill tr a in 
R a p id o d v a n 
C e m e n t C u ll Va rn 4 p m )44 9*44 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
C o s m e tic s p o r t lim e a v a ila b le 
M a fu r # w o m a n g illy C o ll 344 1891 

F IL E C L E R K p a r t tim e o p e n in g to r f ile 
N o e x p e r ie n c e n e c e s s a r y , e tre e ta s lu r ! im m e d ia te ly 
A p p ly 'HOI Sun P e d ro , R o o m 8 
" FINNEY A A SSO C I AT E S 
P e rs o n n e l C o n s u lta n ts 
5*1$ C a lla g h a n No 325, 684 Bf*o 

I u h ar p a r t tim e e v e n in g w a s ... te r ia a tte n d a n t im m e d ia te a p r ru n g 
HOS W f te n c h a t B ia n c o 
A p p ly 

FULL OR PART TIME 

$7$ SISO PER WEEK 

CALL 341-22o5 

GOOD OPPORTUNITY 
R e ta il liq u o r tie r k l re d s f u ll ti o r t h s u i 
A g e o v e r 
15 p r e f e r r e d 
R e ta il p e n a liz e u t s a m e k in d p i t t e r ____ n o t n e c e s s a r ily liq u o r 
P o ly g r a p h e x a m r e q u ir e d 
A ll c o m p o n y b e n e ld s A p p ly in p e r son D o n s 6 H e n s 
O ffic e . W e st A v # a t L o o p 41o 

In need of a substantial 2nd income 7 
Call 658 oo34 for Interview 

JOB OPENINGS 
N e e d s e v e r u l n e a t a p p e a r in g p e o p le in f ill v a c a n c ie s le ft b y p r o m o tio n ft5 p e r w e e k It q u a lifie d 
N o e x 
•lienee n e c e s s a ry , m ust be rible to s t in t im m e d ia te ly . C o ll 65.) / )*, I rn, ooo jo b s mmTc h o ic"Is i 
Quality now, earn (iu d lenin 
O O AR MY 222 *8)2 or *53 o89? 

I A li i C b N L I O I D J h o u rs d o ily d a y w e e k 
$75 
S t a n l e y H o m e 
'ru d u c ls In c 
531 16oo 
I u d ie v lo wear and sell Sarah 
Coventry tewelry No investment required 7 JI 7 $13____________ 

LOADER $2.5o 
P i e le r n a e J) u p ' C le a n r id * 
C a ll BUI 7)2 V /R 1 San P e d ro 
Employment Set l*t* Son Pedro 
M A I NT B n A NC I MAN tor tprae a p t c o m p le x 
P lu m b in g , e l e r t r l i a l a n d h e n tin g e x p e r ie n c e e s s e n tia l 
A p l t u r n 
L o c a l 
R e f e r e n c e s le q u lr e d A p p ly 116 V o n a e rh e c k 
M A N A I,F M C N ) I P A IN I I 
Coll Mi Collins tor appt 224 2641 

DESK CLERK 
P a r t tim e w e e k e n d s , a p p ly 9 5 T o w n 
M ouse M o te l 
94? 
N E 
L o o p 41o 
826 6)11 

•ORIVE CARS* 
Age 18 up* Gogo d riv in g re c o rd ! c o lfG in rla 824 o227 Job P la cem e n ts t m p lo ym e n t Sec >314 San P edro 
D R U G C L E R K 
H o r d h ea lthy p erson M ust be 21 
A p p ly o fte r (.PM M on and Wed a tte r noons 
Only 125o H ig h lan d 

IT S (ASV TO PCACt A tx e e ts s N ew s 
WANT AO 1 3 S -t» » 6 

Handicapped Only 
S te a d y L in p lo v m e n l. $2 a n h o u r 
S turt 5)3 8881 
H a v e lu ll tim e g a y , o r p a r t tim e even in g openings for d e liv e ry 
No e x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry w ill tra in 
M ust hay*' own tru n s p u rtg b o n and kn o w le d g e pf m e tro a re a A p p ly 
JOO.! Son P edro, Room 8 
H O U S E W IV E S 
W ork in your own n eighborhood, fu ll or p a il tim e 
*58 2*2* 

 if you like domes.. you ll lov»* holdtoQ f o n in o n i s h o w s 
YOU HI Clk i p r o f it OU • v f , f y show ♦ $1oo so iff t »(t’ w rn fir obi- fit n& i ast A ll you nt**g 1$ 4 h ou rs to r 4 
UU Y4/ Of 4 c*v<i‘ f»ioa$ a wk*tpk fim j Cl g r 214 
C all 'Uh ?fQ l tor o pp t___ 

Mature Person 
W arded to Clean and s e rv ic e c a rs 
M u st be te lla b le and d e p e n d a b le 
O nly m a tu re need a pp ly )4z V5»6 
M id d le Hoed or in b re d to p p le , on lim ite d Incom e, w onted lo c o re fo r elde r Iv w o m a n a nd y a rd m u ln te n o nce S ep a rate fu rn is h e d a urir (c ry p ro v id e d u tilitie s p a id , p ip e $1<K) m o n th s a la ry 
W rite PO Box 5714, 
San A ntonio. TX 782o1 
R eferences r e q u i r e d 
„ 
N eeded 
In d iv id u a l to fro m as a* s ls t o n l m a n a g e r o f a to o l a u d e q u ip m e n t re n ta l Co 6 d a y w a lk week s a la ry plus b en efits, a p p ly ill person at 
Ar me 
R ent R ite, iJ J I 
B ro ad w a y 
N E E D liv e in to r re fin e d la dy iii nTTe hom e. p re fe r som e p i o r b r ut n u r l- i * 9 u s f a l l M rs C o ru th 732 9 *9 | 

It s f AST TO e iA C I A im p e lts N I wvs 
W A N I AO I M - 1 6 * 6 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRKSS-NEWS 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 

Additions 

T n r T Y a n W T n t o n " lW m r a r F ( ^ tra c to rs , patios, c a rp o rts , garage* d r iv e w a y s , s id e w a lk s , p o rc h e s ro o m a d d itio n s a n d fo u n d a tio n s 
Licensed no 1464 IJJ 568? 
M O LLIN G 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E I E S T IM A T E S 
C 6 S LUMBER 
4647 ROOSE V t L I 
924 8556. 924 *557 

Aspholl Concrete Work 

Old Records belore '63 
78's 15 S, I.P 's 
H I o97" 
W A N T E D c o lo r T v'^s n e c d in g 

A I C o n c re te F o u n d a tio n , p o lio s a sph alt d riv e w a y s lie ponded J o t 
534 166o 
I W Z 'V '! P A VI lift "IF Al ■' ft a! f 
ING A N D P A T C H IN G Coll 657 2699 call v constV J ctTdnT - ^ c re te S ta b s, fo u n d a tio n s , p a tio s , porches, d riv e w a y s , sid ew alks and sphait 533 o62» 
P a t I s id e w a lk s d r iv e w a y s t r e t t it# Joe O yer rep 9J4 7 b uip te j o t G w erreo 924-7777, c oVc 6 l l f wo r r-? A T io T 
S idew alk*, D riv e w a y * S II 1143 

B o o k k e e p in g 4 T a x S e r v ic e 

A f t Ooh I© i i i wTTTxee© DOO* $ fo r hy*m e**e% 494 644$ ofter /p m 
" 
MirSM A— i usiNESSMAN--" 
L e i m e update your books 
INCO M E TAX T IM E A P R IL 15 
•24 515o let s talk ii over 
A C C U R ATE R E A S O N A B LE 
P R O B L f'M w ' t h T T x e v 
F o r tax re tu rn p re p a ra tio n 
*28 1171 

Cabinet Makers 

WB FAY CASH 
Foe Good Used F u rn itu re 

TARGETT FURNITURE t i * Dotorosg 
227 6SI2 

We Pay More Cash 
Per Tho! Good P iano 
That you a re not using P lease c a ll 
M r Leon e t 223 61SI 

WE PAY MORE 
F u rn itu r e , A p p lia n c e s 
A n tiq u e s . 
E .to te s . A ny th in * ut V a lu e fro m one piece to houseful Coll 
342 4755 A n y tim e 
E s! 
1949 

7 u s lo rn T o b m e 1 T *o n rT m M b n !3 7 Iir chen ond b oth va n itie s , s e rv ic e to 
D u -b uild in g c o n li g rim 922 7o3o 

Carpentry 

T d k^eo tX JO P S IrC K V 
Rooting to F o undation No Job tee 
S m a lh F re e E st 
A ll W ork G uar 
I V 5o24 
A Com r.fet# Horn# b e p riir ie r y ic t 
C a rp e n try L e v e lin g . R e m o d e lin g inrf P o in tin g *5 /4 1 ,o ah TwrrrrgyHTTir? wgrr 
A L S O R O O F IN G 
P A IN T IN G 
5/* 
11SF AC L io n G U A R A N I I L D 
N O 
>B IOO SMALL 656 5571 

In s id e o r O u t v (tie OO i o f lr ro o m b o o r r e p a ir s , a: g e n try w o rk , 
E r e * 
■ '79 ■ 
BOOR* A O 6 1 Y IO(*S 
C u fu u " 
C o m p le te w tfn C anc r e f# S la b R u n t m g P a n e lin g I I c 
R e a s o n a b le 
I (re u s e d tx L P e re z 4 :4 V644 

225-1666 

Carpet Soles ft Service 

 r ^ H * u m n i^ u ) * o o ! ^ n * T m ^ 7 o o n v 
Dining Room. $22.SO V a il Loose 

Childcare 

CHU i l l ARE1 

D a y c o r e a g e 
6 IR 
M o n ^ r I 
L ic e n s e d h o m e , s u p e r v is e d c a r r 
V a le rn h i a re n B e tty C o rr 6 ,5 7 /9 ! lo v in g c h ild ro te n o ir ibm 
D ia p e r < 
M o ll 
Dished Near Windsor 
55 J /Oft5 

Custom Lettering A Printing 

W o n M i^ C ^ ^ ^ ^ v e r y s p e o u ^ g u 
M ow a b o u t o P o e m ! C o m p o s e d yo u r o rd e r 658 4558_______________ 

D e m o litio n 

’u T ^ T k e m S ^ M u T iT u rT n T l^ m e n lT 
American Loon Co 1)1 HH 

D irt Sand G ra v e l F ill Topsoil 

Tr v'.TUTT'r ?.1^, C W ,TK t^O N F Y, 534 2947 o n y llm e 9?) 6864 i r a 
{A n G A 'Rb' E N ' f o T - l ^ T r 
B e si q u a lity , o 's o s a n d to n son m ix 
JJS 9229 , 4J3 < 489 
DIRT GRA V iL SANDOE LOAM 
BAILEY 
456 )7*2 

D ir ! Tapse.i 
W py M e n d r a v e ) L o a rn 
I Cd 34 1 2449 

' T a n 5 "<*, S T 'y' i T foav% a n d S a n cta y$ 

Gardening 

'n l t « pf k l iy T h # *d tj 
1o28 

H e alth A P h y s ic a l T h e ra p y 

/ 'A -llT T / H 
'it 'g'J A E .v 
51S YALE N /U IA 
73* o4)1 r r w eight ’ We ra n t ie lp 
N o I is , 
D ie ts 
7 / e e tm g s tz r u 
N riti,io ' N a tg rW im M i 644 

Handyman 

4AUBV m an 
733 o)32 

H a u lin g A M ow ing t r r - r 
Cleon gOfOQi^ ( h<*np 
33j 7V1V 

 d o u i t o t t U d c ^ t W ill h th in g 494 5oo5 k4AUl ING ANO OUM8lkJ“ tor 
513 I I I 

 m o v Tn g * Let us Help i i * Move 
One Item et Hows* fu ll Call Any time *S9 1*79 Converse 

Home improvements 
Maintenance 

Pointing, Papering 
Plastering 

P o m b n g 
In te r io r l i t e r a l 
A ls i 
Paper nonam g f te e I st 715 / til I f:5- i ; r 7Q 7 ."T .'„ . r r , m 
; : „ y i 
TO y rs exp 3J1 4257 A rter SPM 
P a p e r H o n e m e 
P a in b n g 
We 
G u a ra n te e d 
W it e r r n r f ur ru s h e d f n n . m e r t io i o n d I sid en tio l R eosonobie J a c k W H 'iu 
VIV 7922 m er m g P a in tin g I 'u n r iu.u bhr’e 
► R epair L a n d iy 7)5 65 
M A s T f w l'N G *’ «!< t n u s tilt I a worx t tee I si M r Lopez 413 97*7 

Painting 

A ra rn p h b mg 
5. i vier 
657 41/o tty 
W ide 
$ 

DOC 5 PAINTING' 
T-aTmd FT 

8/6 45/6______________ 
B o o lin g un ti 
P u n 
( s tmicrtes 274 'iii I or 

Plumbing 

F A IN T . kl FAIR WOR x le nce rt 
W* le rrtn r.e s P U A C 
(.OW IS T fo*iy 7)4 2462 
5uT 
G u tte rs a nd D o w i 
F t ee Esf iin o 'e s l l I 
K epi 

L o c i of 

Fire A BBG Wood 
Landscaping 

Trunk Load or Pickup 

Fo u n d atio n s 

Honest hold work me Far a better lob can us, 349 >291, 226 993* ■ 
A ll » M A > i r g WY W H W f io n 
REPAIRS Alse Small Carpentry 
Work 
All Work Guar 
Free Bkt 
*27 5924 
■ i n 
T V P E ik 6 u N U A f i'6 « ' 
All Home Repairs 
AM Work Guaranteed 39 yrs k ip 
122 m s anytime 5)4 411o 
HOD4E LEVELIN G 
T M f IR IS H M A N 
JO v t ARS £ XPL R I* NC I 
N o ir 
Ne ver toke the firs t pr 
333 9o51 or 
/JA / i i I r l m 
T b l e marIT S g6 f o OW 
O A T IO N R E P A IR S A N O HO USE 
L E V E L IN G k o b s fa tb o n p o u r an teed No mb to km g ll C oll 636 5173 

 w e m a v I F m iY ? T !> i l i v i o l * 1 
TREES POR SALE 
1 173 9o2* or 
I 192 3341 

M ild e w R e m o v in g 

*, 
A N D H 
W ASHING Wv R em ove M id i p * ft b v fftft H a m lin ^ J44 

I i 
P l Ii 7/ B i f z G I O B 5 
7 d a n 
PE-’k ¥ f *►!* |t*t IpfStfif Hr if #«> 
4 l M 

"u 4 x ii i i WL P o i 1’P *i.u /z b L h 5111 
*?4 o/91 
P lu m b in g Co w d i e * 
J rn ,L ( it>9 h oo fing / iA $444 x r - r yggr fu n fg« 
I i 9 f g o I <M %. ■■ l h« 
I/* r * p a ir o r in 

Remodeling 

Rooting 
■ T T rv rv r tgh) the firs t fir to o t est 

R O OF IN G 
P o in tin g , O f g e n e r a l 
C o n n e c tin g 
S m a ll o r la rg e lo b 
Free E clim a te s J U loos 
I W R C I ip e rie n s e on ^(im p o s itio n ur 
G ro v e l 
Rout 
R A M IR E Z 
342 2919 

Pointing, Papering 
Plastering 

 t rex I 
TST t 

Sewing Machine 
R ep airsfar vice 

G e rk a rd is 
R e lia b le is b m o T e s en 
P a in tin e P a p e rh a n g m e , S heetrock, 
W in d o w G lo s s R e p a ir s 
B u d g e t 
Term s 1*12 $ H a c k b e rry V II 714* 

 u I s u i n l M f l R J I u T i r y T r ^ T j M akes F re e rn shop e stim a te s 
3)2) w e s t A ve , 264 9*7 1 

Bd 

SHEETROCK 

Ope lu s tk a l C e ilin g /A o n te rrt x Ti lu n e 71$ 1661_______________ 
. p in g f lo a f in g T « i f a n e a r!4 
Ar o v s tir ui R eosonabie 534 OOgk 

Trot Service 

■T n t n n w m n r 'h h r 
C U I T R IM M E D H A M I CO A W A Y e E st 
R eliable M en 
,l/ 8 r ,k / 

I; i5iri gr rifle d ^ # ^ 1 1 1 tre e s Ic tm r ir n n ie ij a n d p f e n o ir e f l 
I r o n s lion l f cf ut jci r a tTf#t#*h o nly th fh r m o if Jan a rn i ¥ f t t yyifhhi 
Cfi ti tv * % 9 »f if ufi, thho .o o on Arr* en 

PECAN TREES S1.oo 
M in im u m IO Trees 
F e rtiliz e a nd t r e a t by e > p # rt 
L ie m m p te e g g w orm s 733 11 I t r n 
1r. m i r,7 r. .»,e di7u uiea f * „ l f SSlfc 
4(2 I t 5* 4)2 *o76 iT f iW u rrrm x T $-7i- ,-t ;r 
• b sf 
Reiiricne 
6*6 b ifid 

T R E F ) Mil 
I lA 
, H l b i t l t u t T rim HOU 
7)2 161J FDL * 5 696 oo*6 

Tutoring instructions 

R eoflm g 13) 6946 

TV Repairs Rentals 

I re. e l TV R e pu ir I days 
Hones! low arle es 
5 le reg Rep! 
I s l IJS 

YAKO WORK 

 rc ifli R esidentia tre e s lots cle p ll 
It M im e d 

U « p * n g g b le Y q r d m g n , F lQ w r 
Beds L ig f I H a ul. G en e ra l J ip u run d b l 
L g w n iT c o t T r im m e d E e e e d 
Leaves V acuum ed 
Cat) 
A n y tim e 
533 96)3 
_________________ _ 

 f R t t v " k " 5 Y $ f L t A N I D 
‘ O L L I G I k tU D E N T 
C A L! 

L IC M 't m a u C i' n g 
I w r r r r v 
M IN O 
V A ® Q 
N 8 A IO N A 
HI t .’4 > Vh?/ 
_______ __ 

•J MUs 
■j 
M i rn 

VARO woSk T r Ec t RIMMING 
FERTILIZING S B 'O y in g tor in sects R easonable p ric e s 6)1-3142 

F o m T tW g o h d i 
AO’ $ cit 
P ul'T 
C 
- rn T T 

~ IHT 
Or ante e<j 6 /5 o2* 
T T T T 
77TT 
o56 *6! 
Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

EXPRESS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS ABS R unes $ 
• MERCHANDISE MART ADS ONLY • 
6 days 
3 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
BATI CHANG! 
(CLASS S/31 ONLY) 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

PAWN BROKERS 
PAWN BROKERS 
LIVESTOCK 
BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 
BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 
HELP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 
WANTED!! 

UVESTOCK-EEED-SEEDS 
UVESTOCK-EEEC-SEEDS 
O p en in g s E x is t tor C ooks a n d Y o u th 
C o unselors to w o rk d u rin g s u m m e r m o n th s c t Y o u th C o m o P e rs o n a p ­ p ly in g os C o o k, m u s t h a v e e x p e r ie n c e . T h o s e a p p ly in g to r Y o u th 
C ounselor m ust be b e tw e e n 18 a n d 
24 y e a rs ot age. h o v e som e e x p e r le n re in h an d lin g h o rs e s or p h y s ic a l e d u c a t io n in v a r i o u s s o r t s o f a c tiv e s , if In te r e s te d w r ite C a m p 
D ire c to r, P o Box 1941, San A n to n io . 
In? or_________________________________ 

P A R T T IM E C A S H IE R S . S2.3o an h r ispm 17pm . 2o 3o h rs a w e e k . N o r x p n ece s s a ry . M in . a g e 18. A p p ly 
In person, 9-3, M o n F r l; Stop 'N G o 
M a rk e ts . 2o4 E R h a p s o d y 

P A R T T IM E 
4 m e n to w o rk 4 h o u rs p e r n ig h t a tte r 5prn to e o rn $4 p e r h o u r. C o li 
M r A lien 4y4 *4 4 6 I? 6p m M o n a n d 
T lies only 

P a r t tim e w o m e n a n d s tu d e n ts ! 
N eed e x tra cosh tor in c o m e ta x or th e little e x tra s to erviov lite? A p p ly in p e rs o n 2oo3 Son P e d ro , R oom 8. 

"r o u t e w o r k 
T o m 's P e a n u ts 939 C o lis e u m R d 
A p p ly 3 5pm __________________________ 

PRINTING & MAILING FIRM 

G&3G OUT OF BUSINESS 

SELL - REN T - T R A D E - G IV E - A W A Y 

E V E R Y T H IN G M U S T BE R E M O V E D 

 i 7x2 2 Baum - 17x22 Chief O ffse t * Papercutter 
Camepa - Headliner w / 3 3 Fonts - V arityper 
Inserters - Postage M eter Machines- 
And Much M ore 

I O a . m . - 6 : o o p . m . M o n d a y t h r u F r i d a y 

922 Brooklyn 
San Antonio, Tex. 

PAYCASH! 

£ 
B U V a n y t h 
, n g 
* 
W W 
RSH 
PAY MORE! 

S a n Antonio's Finest... 
PAWN AND JEWELRY CO. 

Is Paying... 
TOP DOLLAR 

F o r 
D ia m o n d s , 
J e w e lry , 
W a tc h e s , 
C la s s 
R in g s , 
S te rlin g 

S ilv e r w a r e , 
C o in s , 
G o ld , 
S ilv e r, 
P la tin u m , 
G u n s , 
C a m e ra s , 

R a d io s , T V s, S te re o s , C B s, M u s ic a l In s tru m e n ts , T o o ls , S a d 

 d ie s , S p o rtin g G o o d s , T y p e w rite rs . 
OR W HAT HAVE YO U!! 
WE LOAN MORE ON ANYTHING OF VALUE 
(A ll Loans & Purchases C o nfidential) 
U nbeatable Bargains In 
N e w and Used M erchandise 
(use Our 9o-Day FREE luy-away Plan) 

SAVE TIME— CALI US FOR FAST PROFESSIONAL SERVICE 
THOMSON S PAWN AND JEWELRY CO. 
“ Your Friend In T h e P a w n Business” 
3 1 o 6 Fredericksburg Rd. 
7 3 6 -1 8 o 6 

I 
TO PLACE YOUR AD CAII Ms. MOORE 225-1666 

N e u b in A lp in e M ilk G o a ts , s o m e w ith tw in s a t side 
E w e s w ith kid s a t side. 6 2 6 2 /7 5 

New Year Specials 
4 ' ? x 6 '? P en to Posts 
...............S2.o9 
3 ' ;x 7 C reo. Posts ......................... SI 95 
4x8 P e n ta Posts 
...................... S2 49 
6ft. dom estic T posts 
................ SI 88 
1 2 ' g a . b a rb w ire , ' x m i. ... $16.SO 
42" tw ist stays p e r C 
.............. $16.5o 
BARKER SUPPLY 
M43 SE M ilita ry D r 313 6o1' 

N O T IM E T O R ID E Y o u n g T w o 
Y e a r F illy H a lte r B ro k e n , H a s been 
S ad d led a n d R id d en . V e ry G e n tle 
425o. 
A lso A Q H A T e n Y e a r G e ld in g 
E X ­ 
C E L L E N T 
T R A I L 
O R 
F I R S T 
H O R S E . E x tre m e ly g en tle b u t s p ir­ ited no b ad h ab its. $6oo. 772-3957. 
L y tle __________________________________ 

O P E N H O R S E S H O W 
R an d o lp h A ir F o rc e B ase. J a n 15th . 
R a in D a te J a n . 2»th. 658-1261 o e r 
658-9968 e ven in g s.___________________ 

P A IN T G E L D IN G nice a n d g e n tle 
________________923 274o_______________ 

A-HALE TR A ILER S 
H o rse Stock a n d G oo sen eck 
N e w a n d U s e d ; to r Sate o r R e n t 
A lso fe e d B a rre ls w ith L ids 
S L IM P O IL C O O ff IH 37 
533-5151 6o4 C a ro lin g nites 344-7215 

1 y r e x p 1 A ge 18 u p ! N eed n o w ’ 
C a ll B ill 732 9781 S an P e d ro 
E m p lo y m e n t S er 
1616 San P e d ro 

S h a k ie r N a t u r a l V ita m in s , s p o re tim e soles business. 684 456o_______ 

S K IL L E D U N S K IL L E D . Co s need p eople th a i w an t to le a r n a n d e a rn 
C all P e te 7J2 2191 25o1 W est A ve 
Jobs N o rth , In c ., P la c e m e n t S e rv ic e 

B A B Y C a lv e s S3CLS5o. G ra s s C a lv e s 
$6o SI IO. C ow , con S25o. 922-8449 

SOO b o le s Jo h n so n G ra s s H a y f e r ­ tilis e d o n d Ir r ig a te d . C o ll 625 6o84 
N e w B ra u n fe ls o fte r 6p.m . 

B A R G A IN : S u d a n H a y in B a r n 
SI 4o b o le. 624-2854_________________ 

B E A U T I F U L B a y y e a r lin g s tu d colt 
E x t. q u a rte r horse blood line. 
H o tte r b ro k e n . S25o. 698 1444, o fte r 
6 P M .__________________________________ 

B R IG H T F E R T I L I Z E D S U D A N 
H A Y C an D e liv e r 684-1873_________ 

B R U S H C L E A R IN G p ilin g , b u rn in g o nd c e d a r pu sh in g . F e n c e rig h t of w a y s , ra n c h ro a d s , g u lly w a s h e s , w a te r w a y s , s to c k ta n k s a n d t e r - 
I roc m g C o ll J 
R S an d ers. 922 oo18. 

I C A N E H A Y in B a r n , SSO a T o n 
J o h n s o n 
G r o s s 
H a y 
( A l f a l f a fla v o re d ) $5o a Ton. J a c k M in n e v , 
Q u em ad o . GSO m ile s SW of San An- 
I to lu o l 1-7S7-1329._________________ 

I 
»""«« 
J (tm) C Z I 
AUCTION 
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

 to s ta r t w o rk im m e d ia te ly in d is p la y -m e rc h a n d is in g p ositions 
•N o e x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry 
• R a p id A d v a n c e m e n t 
M u st be a t le a s t 18 y e a rs old a n d hove liv e d in San A n to n io to r I y e a r 
C all fo r in te rv ie w 
_______________ 656 $33o________ 
D A C B E R T ’S 
INVENTORY CLEARANCE ffjffl 
I j j J f 
N e w a n d U s e d O r g a n s 
' n j 

Used organs famous broads: Lowrey, Hammond, Kimball, 
WurliUer as low a s ............................................................ 
$1 4 9 . 5 o 
New Thomas Kombo O rgan Reg. 
— Closeout at $ 5 9 8 
New Kimball 8 o , Reg. $ 1 o 2 7 — Sale $ 8 6 3 
New Spinet Pianos from $ 6 9 8 . 

A few used Upright at $ 2 9 8 as is. Plus many other piano and organ values. 
D A C B E R T ’S Music Plaza 

M O R T H — 5 2 3 5 W o l x a m R d . 
6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 

S O U T H — 
1 4 o o N o g a U t o s 
2 2 3 - 6 1 5 1 

 n eeded to sell flo w e rs . SI 75 on h o u r or co m m issio n 
C a ll 
699 8999 or 
699 o78! 
_____________________ ______ 

S u p iem t-n t your In c o m e you set the lim it, fo r in te rv ie w c o ll 653-3o75 

T IA R A E X C L U S IV E S , M a n a g e r s rind C o u n selo rs n e e d e d Im m e d ia te iv . e x c it in g n e w p r o d u c t , E a r l y 
A m e ric a n a n d c o n te m p o r a r y g ifts in g la s s , E x c e lle n t c o m m is s io n s p a id im m e d ia te ly a tte r e ach p a rty 
N o d e l i v e r y , f u ll o r p a r t t u n e . 
' ro il.m g p ro v id e d . 654 o966 

P a in t S h etlan d 
P o n y, G e n tle $5o 
635-8765 ______________________________ 
C har olm s C a ttle , P u re B re d ; Bulls, 
C ow s, H e ife rs C a lv e s 
I 179 245? 
■71 C IR C L E H G o o e e n e c k , 6 h o rse v a n . fu ll nose. In d iv id u a l c o m p a rt m e a ts , e le c tric b ra k e s 
$2,75o. 
333 1611_______________________________ 

F E L P S H O R S E , S T O C K 
A N D G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
Soles, S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , a n d T r a ile r 
R e n ta ls , 443o H w y 9o L 'St (S. W W 
W h ite R d .) 333-161 1.____________ __ 

S A Y S "C o li or See M e A t" 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
D e p e n d a b le S ince 1935' 
4o7 N . Z o r io m o r o , 432-7881 

A K C T ri C o llie P u p p ie s , re g is te re d ,' 
$ 5 o a p iece. D a y s 78o 2478. E v e n in g s 
583-3o82. K e n e d y , 6o m ile s S. San 
A ntonio. 

A K C W e im a ra n e r P uds, SI25. 2 y e a r m o le , S7S, C h a m p s ire d . 696-8524 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS ... ' 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 
Call 
Miss M oore < 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

Q U A L IT Y H A Y . S udan. $1.4o b a le in b o rn . I 589-2493____________________ 
A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
C o m in g S u n d a y . J a n 9. 1 .3o 
G o r y * A n tiq u e A u ctio n H ouse 
L o c k h a r t,T x 
C o ll 398 37o1 
Superior Antique Show 

1st Annual Southwest Heritage 
BENEFIT 
ANTIQUE 
SHOW SALE 
January 14 tfiru 16 
Tri. A Sat., Noon-9 P.M. 
Sunday, Noon-6 P M. 
Admission $1; Children 5o4 
C O N V E N T I O N C E N T E R large selection of furniture, 
Oriental rug., primitives, glary, china, silver, jewelry, bromes, doth and collertoMe*. 

A K C Y O R K IE P U P S , S tud S e rv ic e 
_________ 735-6851, 734-273o_________ 
F E R T IL IZ E D C O A S T A L H A Y 
4ooo B oles 1-569-4o73, I 742 3742 
HOT S t r i o __________________ 223 3815 

T r u c k S to p a s s is t a n t m a n a g e r . e ig h t s h ift, 5 d a y w e e k . T e x M a r t n u m b e r 5, sell s e rv e tru c k stop, IH 
IO W e s t a n d F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
M a t u r e , lo c a l r e fe r e n c e s , r e t ir e d 
M i l i t a r y w e lc o m e s t a r t s S 697 m o n th . A ll a p p lic a t io n s to : A J 
P lo d s O il Co . Inc. 5 /4 7 D ie tric h Rd 
I to 5 p m N o p hone ra ils , p lease 

T ru c k Stop C o stn er _ 
E v e n in g , S p lit S h ift. 3 :3 o to 12 
T e x a c o T ru c k C e n te r 
P e r m a n e n t lo b . 5 d a y w e e k 
M a t u r e , lo c a l re fe re n c e s S ta rt $416 a m o n th A ll 
A p p lic a tio n s to 
A .J , P lo c h O il C o.. 
S/47 D ie tric h Rd tot In te rv ie w 

W a n t e d . B a s s g u i t a r i s t . G u it a r p l a y e r . K e y b o a r d p l o v e r , a n d 
D ru m m e r C oll D o n , 684 8467 

W a n te d p a rt tim e m a n fo r d e liv e ry a n d c u s to d ia n w o r k m u s t h a v e 
P ic k u p 349 3255_____________________ 

W a n t H u s k y L o co l P a r t o r F u lltim e 
C o lle g e S tudent tru c k d r iv e r C o m ­ m e rc ia l license N o S m o kin g G ood 
P o y F IS H E R S 145o N E Loo p 41o 
Warehouse - Delivery 
O p r f o r k lift1 Top s a la r y ! N e e d ?! c a ll G lo ria 824 o227 J o b P la c e m e n ts 
E m p lo y m en t S er 5316 Son P e d ro 

A n tiq u e m a p le b e d , $5oo In 1934, e x c e lle n t, $2oo G ra n d fa th e r c lo d .. 
G r a n d m o t h e r ro c k m g < h a ir , o n tique b o u les See at 3o76 r in lu ju U u u 

A K C Y o rk s h ire T e r r ie r P u p s. M a le . 
N e w B ra u n fe ls I 675 W I eves 
F E R T I L I Z E D C O A S T A L H A Y , 
S t o r e d in s h e d . 
$ 2 .o o a b o le . 
533-5145. A tte r 6 a n d w e e k e n d s ca ll 
677-817o_______________________________ 

F O R S A L E 
R o c k Is la n d F r e ig h t 
W a g o n a n d M o rg a n T e a m M a r c s w ith h a rn e s s e s Box 8o5, L e a k e y , T x 
78873, 1-232-5566______________________ 

G o o d , g e n tle , d a rk P a lo m in o g e ld ­ ing w ith b la ze fa c e . G ood n a tu re d , 6 y e a rs old 
W ith ta c k . $65o W e s te rn or p le a s u re 49? 2783 

G o o d J o h n s o n G r a s s H a y , $ 1 .2 5 bo le 624-2565; 624-2248.__________ 

G R IN D Y O U R O W N F E E D 
C a s e H e m m e r M ill B e lt d riv e n w ith s ilo s a c k e r $2 5 o e x c e lle n t c o n d . 
P o w e re d bv Jo h n D e e re 4 c y lin d e r in d u s t r io l g a s e n g in e $ 5 o o . S e ll to g e th e r or s e p a ra te 
695 9218, 
695-32o5. 
_____________________________ 

PAWN BROKERS 
S A Y S ' C a ll or See M e A t" 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
D e p e n d a b le Since 1935' 
4o7 N. Z a rz o m o ro , 432 788) 

A m e r ic a n E s k im o S p itz , y o u n g fe m a le R e a s o n a b le 534 1983 

A A A K C S H IH T Z U P U P S 
M o le s , F e m a le s , Shots 342 7o3o 

A d o ra b le M a lte s e , I te rn a te p u p p y , 7 w ks. Old S /5. 349 7697_______________ 

A f f e c t io n a t e A K C C o c k e r P u p s , w o rm e d , shots, 7 w k s $1oo. 684 27o4 a tt 5 
: 3 
o 
___________________________ 

A K C A D O R A B L fe '. A M O V E D 
P u p p ie s , re d u c e d . 923-2438 

A K C A fg h a n H o u n d p u p p ie s . C o il o fte r 5: 3o, 92 7 696o 

•A K C A F G H A N S * 
S e v e ra l C o lo rs, 344 728o a tt 6 p. m 

A K C A F G H A N S , C h a m p . L in e s 
________________653-9684__________ 

DITTMAR LUMBER 

SOO S IG U IN * 2 2 6 -3141 

T w in , F u ll, Q u e e n , K m g s ire 
S O L ID B R A S S H E A D B O A R D S 
824-6925______________ 3123 B ro a d w a y 

BESS’ ANTIQUES 
545o O ld S eguin R d 
661 558? 

B U Y -S E L L A P P R A IS E 
B est P ric e s P a id fo r A n tiq u e s 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
T O W N & C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826 2749 
36o9 B ro a d w a y 
735-24)4 

CHOPPING BLOCK 
C ro b o A n tiq u es. 2934 A u s tin H w y 

C L IM E R 'S R U M M A G E B A R N 
C A S H A N D C A R R Y 
A n tiq u es, B o ttles, P rim itiv e s 
R elics a n d M a n y O th e r T h in g s 
C O M E S E E ! ! O p en H A M to 5 P M 
Closed W e d n e s d a y s a n d S u n d a y s 
I 742-68o8 d u rin g business ho u rs 
W h e re H w y 476 crosses H w y 16 
__________P O T E E T , T E X A S _________ 

E S T A T E S A L E 
M u s t S e ll F in e 
G la s s w a r e , C h in a , F u r n it u r e , A n tiques . B ric k a b ra e 
1o2 E m p o ria 
J a n u a ry 6 9 IQ gm 
5 p m ____________ 

It y o u h a v e A n t iq u e s , J e w e l r y , 
D ia m o n d s , S te rlin g 
G o ld or O rie n ta i R ugs to sell, y o u 'll g et th e B est 
P ric e fro m 
San 
A n to n io 's 
F in e s t 
Shop 

16 R E G IS T E R E D Suffolk E w es a n d 
I ra m , fo r s a le o r tra d e . 822 5895 a fte r 6P M .____________________________ 

L e a g u e , 113oo N a c o g d o c h e s R d . 
P ets show n 7 d a y s <9-11.3o a .m ., I 4 p m ) N e e d lo v in g h o m e s . T e r r ie r 
C h ih u a h u a , S h e p h e rd . P u p p ie s , Kit- ti us. M a n y o th e rs All shots________ 

ESTABLISHED 19o4 
WE BUY & SELL 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T N I N U M 
G O L D 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y * F O R 
IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N D E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
226 1424 

Genuine Strong Born (ortug 
Iron 

 lengths to 7 o ................$ 2 4 .9 5 st). 
Ii i? RouqH cedar lumber . 

........................................55 4 un. t t j 

Koiirood ties 
$ 4 .9 5 »o 

Asbestos Siding 
> 2 6 .9 5 sq 

Oak Whiskey barrels 
$ 1 5 .9 5 bo 

24o lb S/D rig-, colors. 
$ 1 4 .5 5 

15 lb let, 4 sq roll 
. 
$ 7 45 

Insulation 3 
94 sg h 

Insulation, 6 
I5 < sq ft, 

B e a u tifu l B la c k G r e a t D a n e P u p s, 
A K C R e g 494-2525. 653-3775________ 
G r o w e r s W a n te d . T h e y m u lt ip ly p r o d u c in g a c r e w o r th $ 6 o o o to 
$15.ooo Should p la n t now 733 1 1 37 
B e a u tifu l G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p s , I m o. 534 525). 

B E A U T IF U L L Y M a r k e d T o v F o x 
T e rrie rs 434 13o9____________________ 
O R IE N T A L tilt top ta b le , b la c k lac q u e re d w ith M o th e r of P e a r l In lay. 
G E R M A N s id e b o a rd , long le a f vel lo w p in e , b e v e le d g lo s s d o o r s , 
D a u g h try A n tiq u e s . 684-o344________ 

B E S T IN S H O W L IN E S 
W IR E F O X T E R R IE R P U P S 
C H S T U D S E R V IC E . 655-9244 
S A Y S " C a f f or See M e A f 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
•D e p e n d a b le Since 1935' 
4o7 N . Z a rz o m o ro , 432-7881 

S A N A N T O N IO 'S 
Largest Indoor 
P H IL M O R A N , 734-5668 
A P P R A IS E B U Y S E L L 
L IC E N S E D E S T A T E 
L IQ U ID A T O R R E F E R E N C E S 

A K C A F G H A N S C h B lo o d lin es 
________________698 27o8_______________ 

A K C A p ric o t P o o d le , 15 w ks. 
___________ fe m a le . 675 o434___________ 

A K C B A S S E T H O U N D S . W o rm e d , 
575 $13o I 379 2o44 Seguin__________ 

A K C B lock L a b R e tr ie v e r P u p p ie s , 
R eg 648-o835 

H A Y D e liv e re d 
I 6 8 53361. I 997 HS? 
B L A C K L A B p ups, A K C . 2 fe m a le s . 
2 m a le s . F i e l d t r i a l c h a m p s in p e d ig re e $1oo $125. 82? 9929 

B la c k m a le 1 ? p o o d le . S u n s e t a n d 
B ro a d w a y 826 5298 735 1/18________ 

B lu e p o in t S ia m e s e . I . y r s o ld to good hom e. 696-75o9 

B R E A K S M Y H E A R T , B ut m u s t sell m y P o in te rs . M a m a dog 4 y rs B est in b u s in e s s 
H e r IO m o p u p g o e s ' w ith her 
G u a ra n te e d p e rfo rm a n c e 
$35o. 654 6 4 5 8 _________________ 

H O R S E S B o a r d e d , B r o k e n o n d 
T r a in e d . E x c e lle n t f a c ilit ie s R e a - s o n a b n R o tes 92.3 o573 a tt 5 a rn 

2 H o rs e tr a ile r , ta n d e m a x e l, s a d d le a n d lo c k . 922 o125.___________________ 

J o h n s o n G r a s s o n d H a y G r a z e r 
H a y , $ 1 .o o to $1 65. S a n M a r c o s - 
L o c k h a rt a re a , I 39? 97o7___________ 

1 W h ite S a d d le , B r id le o n d M a r ­ tin g a le b e tw e e n 8-4. 653-o122. 

2 Y E A R O L D 2 H O R S E T R A IL E R 
349 1617___________________ _ 
9 y e a r old re g is te re d a u o rte r m a re , to o w e s te r n p le a s u r e h o r s e , no fau lts. $1ooo C all 878 2387___________ 

4 y r old M a r e o nd F o a l. $4oo 3 y r old A p p a lo o s a , $4oo IO y r old P O A , 
$25o 658 8543_________________________ 

3 y r o ld M a r e - g e n t le , p le a s u r e horse. $3oo 649 1217_________________ 

4 -p lece b e d ro o m s u ite , m a h o g a n y . 
O r ie n t a l r u g s . Iv o r y h a n d ln la ld s ilv e r b o o k e n d s . F u r s 
M is c e llo n eo u s a n tiq u e B r lc - A B r a c . 319 W . 
E ls m e re . 828 3375___________________ 

P R I M I T I V E A m e r ic a n a n d South w e s te rn L a d d e r b a c k c h a ir , C onn. 
C h e r r y a n d w a ln u t t a b le p e g g e d le o n 
B u ffa lo H o rn H a lltr e e 
F olk 
A r t T o y H o r s e , N o w M e x . C a s ­ t r o v ille f ir e p la c e m a n t e l 
C a ttle 
H o rn m ir r o r 
C o m p le te V ic to r ia n s ta irc a s e V ic to ria n ta n b a c k c h a ir. 
E a rly T e x a n tu r m tu ie 7 '5 IH S 

E v e ry S a tu rd a y S u n d ay 
N o rth W est S h opping C e n te r 
36oo B lock F r e d e ric k s b u rg Rd. 
B a c k Side of C e n te r 
F O R IN F O , or R E S E R V A T IO N S 
A K C B lo n d e C o c k e r S p a n ie l P u p p ie s , 5 w k s . M a le s $125. fe m a le s 
$15o 653 86o5 o fte r 6 p m 

AK C B O S T O N T E R R IE R S $75 
F e m a le s 
698 253o: 
I 336-2329 
B o e rn e ________ 

J O H N S O N G R A S S H A Y 
649-2949 
S o m e e x p e r ie n c e , o v e r ?5, c o m m e n ia l licen se, a b le to d riv e I ton b o b ta il 
5 d a y w e e k , so m e re g u la r ove r t im e 
$ 2 .6 5 p e r b o u r , t r in g e b e n e fits H ig h school or e q u iv a le n t 
P o ly g ra p h e x a m re q u ire d A p p ly in 
P e rs o n D on s A B en s O ffic e W est 
A ve of Loo p 41o. a s k for W a y n e 
W e o tt 

W L R I L O O K IN G tor on In d iv id u a l th a t w a n ts lo g ro w w ith o u r co m p o n y . M u s t be self m o tiv a te d , lik e to w o rk w ith m a t h e m a t ic a l f ig u r e s , s o m e c o lle g e p r e f e r r e d . S a la r y d ep en d s on Q u a lific a tio n s A p p ly in p e r s o n o n ly a t G a r y P o o ls , 
I I I 
N o rth e a s t Loo p 4 )o 

W o u ld $5oo a m o n th b e of h e lp to you w ith o u t your fu ll tim e lo b ’ C o ll Juc- 
O qiuci. M o n d a y a t 349 4291________ 

Y o u n g la d y to w o rk a s d is p a tc h e r J e v e n in g s - t i a fte r n o o n c o c h w e e k 
A p p ly ISO? W est H ild e b ra n d ________ 

Y o u n g m e n or w o m e n to d e liv e r 
PIZZO 
M u s t h o v e e c o n o m y c o r 
W illin g to w o rk a t le a s t 3 n ig h ts a w e e k . C o r a llo w a n c e t g u a r a n te e 
A p p ly ISO? W e s t H ild e b r a n d 
Im m e d ia te O p en in g s____________________ 

B R IT T A N Y SP A N I F L ta m a le . nips $5o 927 7654 a ft 6pm _________ 
L A N D LE A S E 
H o rs e d or c o w s . 
C a la v e r a s a r e a , w a t e r . 649 1859. 
A fte r 7 P M ____________________________ 
BILD MART 
1 
6o1 Hondo • 534-o751 
DISCOUNT 
•wilding M a to rio l S ta r* 

Rockwell 9 table saw 'Vi dull 
$139.99 
Kitchen range venthoods, 
36' ventless, white, colors 
$33.94 
Medicine cabinets model 3... $8.49; model 2. 
$1o.49; model 97o9. 
$15.49 

3o>8o walnut vinyl hardboard doors 
$7.95 ea 
32x8o, 36x8o hollowcore ext door units................................... 
$4o.95 
32x8o, 36x8o solid core ext door units.........................: . . . 
$49.95 
White contmodes. jet siphon ............................... $38.95 
4x8- Vt' tempered pegboard $4.95 
4(8 VI" tempered pegboard $7.79 
4(8-'/i" mahogany plywood $4.75 

W e Corry a C om plete I m * o f 
R O C K W tU P O W I* TOOLS A m u -T I ST PAINTS for (he Solider or D o -it- 
T e w w lfe r i. 
$$$$ SAVI $$$$ 
CASH ’N’ CARRY 
M atforC H arge * bonk A m e ric a n ! 

'X X M 3o axxx3ac 

S.A.'s LARGEST 
VOLUME DEALER 
^ 
IS BUYING & SELLING 
„ 
» * * * • * • • • • » » » « • 

U .S . S IL V E R C O IN S 

(CAU FOR DAILY PRICES) 
J 

4 o % SILVER 
KENNEDY HALVES 1965-7o 
[ 

(CAU FOR DAILY PRICES) 

C onfidential Cash P aym ent 
U S S foreign Gold roms for in 
J 

 flotion hedging (Expert advice ) 
■ 

P A Y I N G T O P D O L L A R y 

F O R C L A S S R I N G S 
1 

& D E N T A L G O L D 
" 

S e l l i n g Q u a l i t y 

 w J e w e l r y * f* 

A t W h o l e s a l e P r ic e s 
^ 
(Dewier* Invited) ll 
I OI. to IOO OI. .999 u 
PUB! SllVfS BARS 

Buying A Selling RARE COINS 
^ end cain collection* — US 
A ' foreign — U S Silver Dollars Pay 
I mg S3 SO and up 
| 

Wartime Silver Nickels 
| 
Silver Nickels Anthine Gold or 
| 
Silver — Jewelry, Diamonds, 
. 
Platinum, 
Watches, 
Sterling 
Silverware Antiques, Etc. 
* 
(Highest Prices Paid) 
I 
RARE PAPER MONEY — Mex lf icon. Conodi an A Silver coins 
| from any country — Gold j coins from any country 
CUSTOM Designed Gold coin jewelry. 

AUTH!NTIC INDIAN J fW llB V 
V 
SAVI TIM! — CAU US!! 
M 
For Prote»ional Servtce y 

Riverside Coin Co. p 

4 3 1 I . C o m m e r c e k 
By Th. Dive, 
2 2 5 -4 9 6 3 
I 
2 2 5 -6 9 8 1 . 2 2 5 -1 9 9 6 
I 

Pie os* Call Or Write for lf 
FRff Premium Co in k 
Buying U lt 
, 

C h a m p io n S ire d W e im a r a n e r P u d pies r trm-ndQ! I I ':)? tis I__________ 
A K C B O X E R S 
2 la w n fe m a le s a v a ila b le 
222-921o 
1 393 655o Cotl co lle c t 
7 Y r old P le a s u re G e ld in g 16 h an d s. 
P e rfe c t tro d rid e h o rse S3oo, F ir m 
(.26 ' IM)_________________________________ 
D A L M A T IA N P U P P IE S $75 
___________ 828 4687____________ 
E v e ry Sat. 12 N oon, oil kin d s c o ttle , s h e e p , g o a ts , h o rs e s . 12 m i. S.W 
S A. F a r m R d. 2173, M a c d o n a . Tx 
Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
o9 F re d e ric k s b u rg 
H o u rs 
9 5 
F R E E C U T E P U P P IE S , 6 w k s 
736-ooo4 o fte r 6 p m ______ 
4 y r p u re b re d . ' : F re n c h C h a ro lo is bul! 34c lb 655 792o, 494 544? 
Im p o rte d a u th e n tic - u lt of a r m o r , life s iz e , 2 m e te r s to ll 
E n g r a v e d w ith fu n c tio n a l m o v in g p o r t* C om p le te w ith s ta n d , m o u n tin g a n d s w o rd P r ic e $12oo 
F u rth e r d e ta ils w rite H O Box 56?, In g ra m , T e x a s . 
78o25, o r c o ll 367 2357 

M is c e lla n e o u s w h ite w ic k e r tu r m - ty re . ta rg e c a rv e d o rn a te m ir r o r 
2 
M o te Fling g re e n v e lv e t lo v e s e a ts 
E v e n in g s I 6 2 5 4946 N e w B ra u n fe ls . 

F R E E * M a le G e rm a n S h e p n e td 
IO w k s , n eed s T L C , C o ll 221 32o4, or 
3291 b e tw e e n 
8 a m -4 p m . w e e k d a y s_____________________ 

R a r e K e w p ie D o ll an d 
P r e W a r P o rc e la in D o lls 
J U D Y 'S G E N E R A L S T O R E 
__________ 528 E x e te r 

P u p p y 435-7o57 

A K C Ch s u e d W e im a r a n e r P u p - pies 653 74o9 

A K C C h . S ir e d . C o c k e r S p a n ie ls 
P u p p ies D el R ip . I 775 o o 1 6________ 

C A M P IR S -T R A IIE R S 
F R E E to G ood H o m e ■ F e m o ie dog, 
6 m o . good w ith kids. 681 2691 
R o llto p D esk. (4o D r a w e r s ) 
O a k T a b le . (46 D r a w e r s ) 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , SOB P o lio s 
A K C C O C K E R P U P S 
________53? 461?________ 
F R E E T O G O O D H O M E A K C St. 
B e rn a rd , m a le , 4 y rs 8 2 4o849 
NOTICE!! 
Tim Coming W«6mt4«y ««• will k m 
6o (OOMS of Spumed MOTH UHUH I Ut! lonwlwg of krdv krxdboeidv 6eu« blue colt (Han. straight (hairs arid misrellaiwoos small tabu. 

San M a rc o s A n tiq u e A u c tio n H ouse 
N e x t A u c tio n W E D . J o n !2, I 3o 
F o r D e ta ils 
398-37o1, L o c k h a rt 
G a ry F in g te m o n . T x G S -7 7 o386 

217) A U S T IN H W Y .________ 651 o685 

P o p -U p T e n t T r a i l e r , s le e p s 6 , bu ilt-in ta b le a n d iceb o x. E x c e lle n t condition. $85o. 733 1915___________ _ 

'7$ R E D D A L E 9 ' j' s e lf c o n ta in e d 
C a b o v e r w ith a ir a n d h y d r a u lic la c k s . U s e d o n ly S w k s . B la n c o 
P ro d u c ts , Loop 41o o f B ro a d w a y 

A K C C o c k e r P u p p ie s 
C oli A fte r 5. 696 61o3 

A K C C O C K E R P U P S 
633-2729 

F u ll b lo o d e d G e r m a n S h e p h e rd s , 
M o le s , $5o fe m a le s . SIS 684 lif t ) 
OPA’S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S, H a c k b e rry 
GREAT DANES 
C h o m p io n s ire d I /SS 4696 

G S A O w n e r-H a n d ie r C lu b d o s s e s . 
P u p p y O h ed . 8-12 w k s B a s ic -In te r ­ m e d ia te . S to rts Jo n . 19th 673-46oJ; 
342 8o88 
__________ 

A K C D o b e r m a n P u ps 7 w e e k s , 2 m ates. $85 w ith p a p e rs , B lo c k a n d 
R ust 924 26o4________________________ 

A K C D o b e rm a n P u p s, 6 w ks 
________________674 7687_______________ 

A K C D o b e r m a n p u p s , t a ils c u t, w o rm e d . 
$15o w ith p e d ig re e 

T o Sell y o u r A n tiq u es 
O N E A N D A L L 
H e re 's th e n u m b e r to r you to c a ll: 
633-26oo, 633-o34o (c a s h p a id ) 
_____________ J IM L IS T E R ____________ 

W a ln u t A n tiq u e E x e c u t iv e d e s k 
(37x6ft) w ith c h o ir E x c e lle n t cond! lio n $495 C o ll 494 6o IO______________ 

W A N T E D 
76 P e e d X. 
B u r i e n 
C h r is tm a s c ro s s 
W ill p a y a b o v e re ta il v a lu e 494 2o7? 

Resilvering & Beveling 
947 Ashby_____________________ 73S 319 
Wank far fvNra ad 4ttailm| an o*i,rand,xg AU ANDOW fUBNITUIt 
AUCTION lexnX'wly tat for 
Sunday. 
January Hat 13oFN 

SH AST A*P ROW LER 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO. 3 M i N o rth of B o e rn e 
R T 7 B O X 127. S A P h o n e 224 ?4?6 

H o lt B o rd e r C o llie P u p s , 4 m o le , 2 te m p le , e w k s .342 6874 a ff 3p rn 

H e a lth y A c tiv e M ix b r c c d P u p p ie s 
W ill b e la r g e d o g s. F r e e to g o o d ho m e F lo re s v ille I .191 1316.________ 
$8,7oo 
2$’ S h a s ta T r a v e l t r a ile r . 
C o m p le te , n e v e r u s e d , !9? 6. W ith a c c e s s o rie s . W ill ta k e 57,ooo c a s h 
734-77o6, OSN to r C h u c k _____________ 

A K C E n g lis h C o c k e t S p a n ie ls . 9 w eeks P e t, sh o w . $85 673 o894. 

A K C G e r m a n S h e p h e r d , 3 y r s . 
O hed T ra in e d $15o 433 o665_______ 

A K C G E R M A N S H O R T H A IR E D 
P O IN T E R P U P S . 696 7584.__________ 

John t Row land 
A n tiq u e s A c c esso ries C o lle c ta b le s 
1o2o T O W N S E N D , 826-3764 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 

B a b y s itte r W a n te d to r o tte r school 
N o r tfis id e a r e a ( C h a r le s A r n o ld 
C le m .) 7 3 X 9 o 3 . 

B a b y s itte r n eed ed , m u s t h o ve ow n t r a n s p o r t a t io n , w e e k d a y s o n ly 
696 o764 o tte r 5:3o. 

O e p e n d o b ie p e rs o n , c h ild c a re a n d tile h o u s e w o rk 8 3o 4 M F A la m o 
H g h ts . m u st h o v e o w n tra n s p a n d re fe re n c e *. 828-5427_________________ 

 t iig lisn s p e a k in g m o ld to liv e In S ; goys. 494 5861 o ffe r 6 p m 

F o m tty p e e d * liv e in m a id 
P r iv a te ro o m on d b o th 49? 7669 

F u ll c h o rg e h o u s e k e e p e r tor s m o ll a d u lt f a m i l y 
L i v e in S r d a y s 
L a r g e h o u s e , e x c e l l e n t s t a r t in g s a la r y , m u s t s p e a k E n g lis h , C o il b etw een Bom '2pm. M o n d a y -F t id u v 
J4»3623 

G e n e ra l h o u s e w o rk a n d co o k in g . 2 a d u lts n e a r b u s lin e , n ic e a ir s m a y liv e in if d e s ire 
R e fe re n c e s re q ct 
C a ll e v e s 826 o753 

G ra n d m o th e r fo r 2 sch o o l a o e k id s . lig h t d u tie s , Itv c -in . C o ll 69 6 /V V I tille r l p m 
_________________________ 

H i m a l a y a n M o le k i t t e n s , c o ts . re d u c in g c o lle r y sole 924 339? 

J A P A N E S E A k ito P u p p ie s , A K C , 
$2oo U p. 674 4129 ____________________ 
BARNES 

TxG <-77-o293 
M A S T I F F P U P P I E S , A K C r e g , 
F a w n 
& a p ric o t. 
H o uston 
I 713 464 8576 

O B E D IE N C E C L A S S E S bv C T * s o n ly A K C lic e n s e d G e r m a n S h e ­ p h e r d D o g C lu b 
R e g i s t r a t i o n 
T h u rs . J o n 
6 th , 1977, 7 
IO p m . 
T h u r s . J o n . 13. 6 - 7 p m 
J o e 
F r e e m a n C o lis e u m . 
F o r 
In f o . 
'2 7197, 923 9 3 5 4 ____________________ 

A K C G O L D E N R E T R IE V E R S 
_____________684 3778 
BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A L E S 
114 K IN G S B U R Y 
S E G U IN , T X 
5 32-8841 or 8 5 5 -3 4 4 ! 
A K C H A R L E Q U IN G R E A T D A N E 
P U P P IE S 648-1263___________________ 

A K C Irts h S e tte r P u p p ie s , $5o $7S. 
E u ro p e a n Ch L in e s 661 814o_______ 

A K C L o b P u p s , J m a le s , 4 fe m a le s . 
736o22$. 
_________________________ 

A K C M in S c h n a u ze rs 
6 8 1 -369J o ile r 6 w e e k d a y s 

A K C M ,n . S c h n a u z e r , m a le , $1oo. 
W o rm e d . D is te m p e r series s ta rte d 
676o397 

A K C O ld E n g lis h Sheepdog P u d s 
Stud s e rv ic e 4 3 6 1 9 7 6 . 434 8916 

A K C R eg A fg h a n P u p s . show q u a il tv 4363o88; 433 4831. 

A K C 
R e g . G o ld e n 
R e t r i e v e r s , 
698 2214 a tte r 6 p m 

A K C R eg. Iris h S e tte r P u p s. $6o ea 
828 8484 e x t 265 B e y 
D o ily . W c e - ken d s 698 2476 

A K C R eg m a le P o o d les $5o e a 
923 4819 

A K C R e g M in . S c h n a u ze r P u p p ie s 
________________65 6 5 3 8 4 _______________ 

A K C R e g S a b le a n d W h ite C o llie s 2 m o i o ld 
C o l! 
N e w 
B r o u n ! e ls 
6761123 a fte r 6 

A K C R e g 
S h e ltie P u p s 4 m a le , I fe m 6 w k s $75. 973 5554 

A K C S o m o y e d P u p p ie s . $7$ 
______________$12 847-9613 

A K C S C O T T Y P u p ! m a le . $125 
________________699 o353____________ 

A K C S H E L T IE (m in . C o llie ) m a le , shots 684 5o57 

A K C S IL K Y T E R R IE R S 
684 u n _______________ 

A K C S ilv e r G r e y W e im a ra n e r P u p 
P ies. 
Ch. 
B lo o d lin es. 
6 5 5 6 4 o 4 ; 
735-5842 

A K C St. B e r n a r d P u p p ie s 
G o o d m a rk in g s 6 w k s , $125 
512 392 74oo o tte r 5 3o p m 

A K C ST 
B E R N A R D P u p s S I2 5 a n d up 494-2783 

A K C 
Toy 
A p ric o t 
M o le 
P o o d les, 

'76 T E R R Y C o m p e r. 3o . 5 w h e e l, a ir o n d h itc h in c lu d e d 
SS67S. 519 
R o o sevelt L o t 2o_____________________ 
C A S H 
AND 
C A R R Y 
L u m b e r 
2x4x6 No 3 btr. YP.48 ea. 
2x4x8 No 3 YP . .7o ea. 
2x4x14 No 3 YP 1.51 ea. 
Pressure Treated 
P O S T S 
3'/2 x6VV 
1.37 ea. 
4"x6’/ j* ............. 1.75 ca. 
6 x8 '................... 5.69 ea. 
4 'x l4 
7.45 ea. 
4x8 CO SHOP PLYWOOD 

V i " ............................... $3.99 

V t " ...................... $5.52 

V T ............................ 
$6.98 
V i " 
$7.98 

S O U T H 

L O O P 
LUMBER 
COMPANY 
351o ROOSEVELT 
(512)922-63o6 
D eliv e r At Extra Cost 

WITTIG'S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

N ew Desk fro m .................. $99 

N ew lites F ro m 
$58 

N ew steno chairs (rom . . . $34 

N ew Exec, chairs From . $ 8 9 .5 o 

Alsa Used Furniture 

138 Jan Ann Street or 

IH IO at Culebra, 7 3 8 -5 5 9 o 

Al! Sale* Cash ond Carry 

LUMBER BARGAINS la te r Wall Point 
$ 3 .5 o 
2(4 8 precut No 3 select 
794 

24o lh Seotdonn thing** $ 1 3 .9 5 
4 (8 i CDI Plywood 
$ 8 99 

4 (8 % plywood 
$ 1 o .3 5 
24i?4 Aluminum Window $ 1 o .3 o 

ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 

6 foot 
$ 8 9 

"CASN ANO U R R Y 
BARNES LUMBER CO 
13o7 1 Durango 
5 3 3 -5 1 1 ! 

EMM EQUIPMENT 
AND SUPPLIES 

JO' T r o lle r 
C o m m o d e no s h o w e r 
D o n atio T r a ile r R e p a ir 633-o216 

1976 T r a v e l tr o lle r , self c o n ta in e d , sec to a p p re c ia te 5)3 S3V6__________ 
O L D E N G L IS H S H E E P D O G S 
__________A K C -434 7866 
U sed 2$' T E R R Y T r a ile r 
H a rp e r M o to r Co C a m p e ria n d 
24o1 S W M llito ry-924-5S 14 

(2 ) U s e d STh W h eel T r a ile r 
H a r p e r M o to r Co C a m p e ria n d 
74o1 S W . M ilita r y 924 $514 

FARM 
MACHINERY 
AUCTION 

THURSDAY, JAN. 1 3 , 1o A .M . 

W e have a ll kinds farm equipment, tractors, and agriculture equipment. 

TEXAS TRACTOR 
PARTS l l S i. 12th St. 
Brownsville, Texas 
1 -54 2 -9 5 9 4 

P a r a k e e t s , L a r g e a n d u n u s u a l co lo re d young b ird s 441 6358 

PARROT 344 2oo8 

P E E K A P O O P U P P IE S . $45 
____________ 6994)353____________ 
USED 
TR A V E L 
TRAILERS 
73 H O L ID A Y , 31' 
'12 A IR S T R E A M . 31' 
69 T W IL IG H T , 2o’ 
76 B O N Z N Z A . 16' 
T R A V E L E R ’S W O R L D IN C . 
2617 R O O S E V E L T 
532 6o61 

Toys a n d m in ia tu re s 6 5 61o86 

P ro te c t y o u r B usiness w ith a m e a n 
A K C Reg. G e rm a n S h e p h e rd , m o le 
$1oo 923 48)9. 

R e g G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u b s, high q u a lity Ch b lo o d lin e 922 9483 

R e g ir is h S e tte r a n a c o m p a n io n 
$1 35 
144 9 7 7 3 ________________________ 

A D D R E S S O G R A P H c la s s IVOO w ith a tta c m e n ts , g ra p h o ty p e p la te c a b in e t w ith tra y s 
H o ld s IO tra y s 
A ll J $75o A ll in good w o rk in g o rd er 
N a h o n g I b illin g m a c h in e , m o d 
4? 
$15oo 677 6151______________ 

 to hv©4n 6 d a y s . o il Son h am to M o n o lle rn o o n P riv a te q u a r te r s in lo v e 
Iv h o m e rn Castle H ills t s ta te s 
2 sr hoot o p e d c h ild re n . P r e fe r E n g trsh sp o o k in g a n d h a v e re fe re n c e 
D u tie s k e e p in g h o m e d e a n , lite c o o k m a , w a s h in g , s o m e Ir o n in g . t o r e to r e fiitd re n w h e n p a re n ts a r e o u t 
N o h e a v y w o r k in v o lv e d , a lt m o d e rn a p p lia n c e s . S a la r y o p e n 
M u s t n e e d a g o o d lo b in a g o o d h o m e a n d lo v e c h i l d r e n . 
C o ll 
-41.5B9Q or 341 -o8o7 
_______________ 

L o d e to C a re tor 2 C h ild re n A g. s a n d 7 A dorns H ill M u s t H o y t o w n 
T r a n s p o r t a t i o n 
R e f e r e n c e s 
6 /6 It 4 o o t t e r 5 

 l a d y to liv e In w ith e ld e r ly la d y , w h o tw s h od B urger y R o o m , b o a rd , cm d s o to ry 
D o v e 6 /4 3 /o 1 ; E v e n m as 6 9 8 .’ 'o z 
_________ 
LAUNDRESS w a n te d M o n d a y s on 
Iv , I rn fa m ily , goo d lo c a tio n . C a ll 
H26 S493 between 4 o p m 
___ 

L iv e in c o m p a n io n tor e ld e rly w o m a n 
_________ $75 o w eek 
73?-231? 

N e w s o lid c o r e d o o r s 
S / I SO; 
C o lo n ia l p a n e l D o o rs , $35 o o; n ew s c re e n d o o rs, $12-5o, n e w a n d used w in d o w s a n d doors. 
31o3 
W 
C o m m e rc e 

" W o n t e d — L a t e 2 7 ' A i r s t r e a m 
’ 1 3-384-44$) P M 
G e n e W ilts h ir e , 
268 W H o u sto n S t,J a s p e r Tx 75951 
A n tiq u e ta b le s a n d c h a ir -, 
. sound p ieces 
D a u g h try 
A n ti 
684 o344 
_________ 
W e B U Y A L L T y p e s o t T r a v e l 
T ra ile rs . C o ll 
M E L , 924 $514 

'7 3 W I C L I A M S C R A P T 2 r , f u lly self c o n ta in e d Sleeps 6. a ir , c a rp e t- ed 924 1678 1133 SW M ilita r y D r 

IS' W in n e b a g o tr a v e l t r a ile r . F u r- nished $875-494-2724________________ 

1971 8x25 T r a v e l T ro lle r, fu lly self c o n tain ed w ith a ir , Con b e see a n y ­ tim e a t 6537 R a n d o lp h B lv d ,. W hi- sp e rin g W in d s T r a ile r C o u rt________ 

D o c to r $ In v e s tm e n t G ro u p is in te r ­ ested in b u y in g coins, s ta m p s , ro lls , p ro o fs , g o ld . F r a n k lin M in ts , cts 
C o n tact D r V o g t, 736-2o79 

R E Q . 6 M o Old G o ld e n R e tr ie v e r tem p le. $ ’ oo 7 if ?/Or ask fo r Cb n . 
4 C A S H R E G I S T E R S c h e c k o u t m o d e l 
N C R y e a rs o ld 
C o n ta c t S am 
I $69 4864 
P le a s a n to n , c 

S ta n d a rd F o x T e r r ie r s 
T in y U K C 
Toy f o x T e r r ie r s Ch b re d 661 38o7 

T h o ro u g h b re d C h o w P u p s 
6 w ks 
$75 N o pop* rs A fte r 3 3o 66! 5254 

T O Y 
P O O D L E S . 
W h it e 
A K C 
F e m a le s $65 B o e rn e 537 451o 

T ru e M in 
D a c h s h u n d P u p s 
A K C 
S tud S e rv ic e 696 I SBO______________ 

W A N T A N A K C D O G ’ 
S A. Dog B re e d e rs R e fe rra l S e rv ic e w ill put you In touch w ith a n e a rb y re p u ta b le b re e d e r 494-594$ 

W A N T E O good h o m e on ra n c h or fo rm to r 18 m o old dog. 'L a d y 75 « 
B o rd e r C o llie. G ood w a tc h clog C a ll 
344 6539_______________________________ 

FO R D M O D E L IOO TR A C TO R with 
Dower steering, excellent cond 
$2195 
TH E TO R G E R SO N CO 
________ 533 514$, 739 Steves 
F O R O S O N M o to r d ies e l tr a c to r w ith h y d r a u lic b la d e . 
$32oo. 
626-2o45; (t >$69-4427 eves__________ 
FOR SALE 
H a m m erm lll mounted on old truck. Coastal, peanut, and 
A lfa lfa H o v L Y T L E F E E D A N D 
S E E D 622 3472. __________________ 
GOOD S E L E C T IO N 9N and SN F or d 
Tractors with new Im plem ents. 37o8 
S Fores 
H E S TO N S T A C K H A N O wrh Stock m o v e r. N e w Cond $58oo 
TH E TO R G E R SO N CO 
SU 5145. 73V Sieves________ 
I I96o, lot International Combine T 4 ti table Good cond $65o I 38 7 7891 
4o1o 4o2o JOHN b E E R E 
___________Diesel. $34-67It 
M odel 352 N ew H o llan d p o rta b le grinder m ixer, $137$ 1 378 5534 aft 
o o o 
1962 O liver 77o Diesel Tractor," with 
1 pf hook up 
Good cond. 
$3ooo. 
63S876S 

P O R T A B L E C O R R A L P A N E L S , mgdc of high tonsil sleet tubing. (6 oars), very rigid ond durable 5x1o pan el. $3o; $>2o p a n el, $4o. W ill d e liv e r a t th is p r ic e . C o ll J o e 
I Roberts. (4o5 ) 662 2o46 

 p S T T m S O n W c . A L on N ew 
Bale Loaders $7$o E W A L D FO R D 
TR A C TO R , IH IO Hw y 46, Seguin, 
I Tx I79-4S 9I. 

ROCK P IC K E R , hydraulic control lift /to t Negotitos. $14 4711________ 
1-1o' 9 Stage Peerless pum p bowl 
I a s s e m b ly , c o m p le te , 9 c o lu m n . 
$1ooo Floresville" I 39 1 6o2$_______ 

THE TORGERSON CO 
I 7|9 Steves 
_____________533 5145 

W h ite gold w a tc h n e v e r w o rn SISO 
11 >,’ 4ft a fte r 4P M ___________________ 
S A Y S 
C o ll o r See M e A t 

M o f f e t t L u m b e r C o . 
D e p e n d a b le Since 193$ 
4(1/ N Z o iz u m o rq , 432 7881 
$ 2 o o o f t r a i l i v e 
$15o 824 653) 

C O L O IN C o m m e r le a l Ic e B o 
4 door g«6 434 o681 
______ 
R E D U C E D i i , c a v m o d i p u n M pg F te c -del te rm s 
For A L L N E W a n d U S E D K itc h e n 
E q u ip m e n t a n d S u p p lies See 
L e v in s o n R e s ta u ra n t S u p p ly Co 
19oo Son P e d ro _____________ 733 o 9 3 ) 

F re s h M e a t D is p la y B ox 24 ti tor 
B u tc h e r Shop 
G o o d co n d 
A t p re sent lo catio n $/4S in s ta lle d a f yo u r 

C H A M P IO N o nd T IT A N 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
455-o251________ 2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
•G O O D L U M B E R 
•G O O D L E N G T H S 
2 x 8 
............................. 
2x8 .................. 
ORGANS 
PIANOS 

HAMMOND fV F ttn 

8o DCIRS 
KAWAI 

CAM N il SON 
New From $495 
Used From $195 

42S N M a in ... 228-S S 28 

W o n d e rla n d .. . 7 3 2 4 2 S 9 

H o n k Star 
. . 
3 4 4 -o 2 4 1 

IB M SE L E C I R IC T y p e w r ite r 
E x c e d e n t cond you can t re p la c e o t 
$425' 341 4 2SO eves______________ _ 

IC E 
C R E A M 
P A R L O R 
E Q U IP M E N T 
In c lu d e s S h a e te r d ip c a b in e t, d is ­ p la y co ses, ice cu o e m a k e r , c ash re g is te r in n e r soda to u n tu m d eep fry e r, ta b le an d c h o irs C o ll 655 t n t o tte r 5 P M 

D A IL Y o nd W E E K L Y R A T E S 
P H O N E 
661 7212 
OMC M O T O R H O M E F O R R E N T 
349 4)11 
699 o129 
7 )4 -9 )8 9 

L U X U R Y M o to r H o m e , *76 W in - n e b o g o , 21' c o m p le te ly s e ll c o n ­ ta in e d only 45oo m c 6*4 4 7 1* eves. weekends 

L U X U R Y M O T O R H O M E S F o r 
R e n t L O W R ato s 658 7661. 656 7 tl9 

■69 M o to r h o m e, JI' D o d g e I ro ve o. n e w 318 D o d g e e n g in e , n ew tu rin lu re , etc 
56.5oo 699 Q'S9 __________ 

M o to r H o m e R e n ta ls 
F u lly s e lf c o n ta in e d 
R o te s by d a y or w e e k . 
653-8188______________________ _ 

'76 T ita n 23' m o to r h o m e, 36o D o d g e, sleeps 4, rear b ath , fu lly lo ad ed , 2 a irs , p o w e r p la n t, s te re o to p e d eck 
7,68o m c P e rfe c t c o n d itio n , lis te d tor 
$ 1 7 ,o o o w ill s a c r ific e to r ti),O O O 
C o n sid er tru c k os t. ode in 736 $o37 

W o n t T o B u y M o to r H o m e 
A n y 
M o k a A n y M o d a l 658 7661 656 /1 1 9 

72 W IN N E B A G O 22 F t' s le e p s 8 fu lly loaded. $1 o ,/OO 2; I Shift 

W a t c h d o g s 
D o b e r m a n P e r e 
P u p s, a s k in g $15. 927 7162. 
L iv e In d o m estic wen 
C o rn lo ft. Tx 
G e n e r 
H a r d e n in g , c o o k ln s c h o o l a g e d b o y s . couple. 
2 .5 317# as 

SOO S e q u in R d , 2 2 8 -3 1 4 1 
• 

(M U S K A ! I N H ( u e i H l Q ( 7 } o ) 

SAVE TO H OFF 
A L L B R A N D S 
OLMOS MOSIO CO. 

Stanley Helntke 
S A YS 
C o n o r See M e A t 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
FARMER S SPECIALS 
6 W i 4 ‘/»" pentu posts 
$2 3ota . 
2'x4' »" pento posts . . . . . . . $2.4$ ca. 
12V] go barb wtro . . . . . . . $16 95 roll 
Corr. iro n ................$19.95 st). 
12 gaiv. stool g o to 
$22,95 aa. 
14 galv stool got* 
$32.95 ta. 
BUILDERS SPECIALS 
2x4 procut No 3 IP .. 794 ta 
2x4 precut fir 
I9 < ta . 
2*4 to thru 16 Fir 
I M ft 
2*4 IO and l l YP . . . 9< ft 
4x1 7 /1 6 rough textured 8 OC $7 95 ta 
12x16 lop sdg touob textured 2 1 '14 ti. 
4 x 1 **" K plywood, smooth 2 lidos 
. $11.95 
4 x 1 % ' Bt plywood, smooth 2 lidos $12.95 ea. 
4 x 1 ',i" CD shop , 
$ i 4 5 . o . 
AU TOP KU AU FT STOCK 
ONI STOP ((N T H 
C & S 
LUMBER CO. 

4 o 4 7 R O O S I V f l T 
( S I S ) 9 2 4 - 8 5 5 6 

L IV E IN H O U S E K E E P E R 
D e s ir e m o th e rly , re s p o n s ib le L u g t u n s p e a k in g la d y w ith d r i v e r tic OM O tor C a s tle H ills lo u sily w ith c h ild r e n to . 7. o n d 4 
E x c e lle n t s ilk ily P riv a te ro o m C o il U t v k i . 1 

L i v e in m a id h o u s e w o r k , a n d 
F o undry. S-ctoys 341 85o9 

M a id 3 d a y s , o w n tr a n s p o r ta tio n rttcee& u ry . re fe re n c e s 492 HSP 

M a t u r e h o u s e k e e p e r , ll v e i n to r i'U K Iv tody 
7 )6 )4 o 6 

M o f f e t t L u m b e r C o . 
D e p e n d a b le Since le is 
46/ N /u r r o m o r g 4J2 /s o l 
BANKRUPTCY 
AUCTION 

Tues., Jan. l l , 1o:A.M. 
1414 West Ave. 
Sat! Antonio, Texas 

F L O O R A B A T H T I U 

T O O L S A E Q U IP . 

Pursuant to on order by th . 

Honorabi* 
I n t 
W 
Thompson, 
Bankruptcy Judge. VF.st.rn District of Texas we offer assets of th . 
Ttogue Til. Compony, Bankruptcy 
Nu SA 76 17) IK To be off .red in bulk, p i.c . by piecr or rn lots Ap pios 525,ooo in iny.ntory 
(quip men! and Suppti.s 

INSPECTION I JO Day of Sal. 

TflMS Complete payment day of 

D a m a g e d d isco u n ted 
12*24 O ffices F re e del. 

D a m a g e d 8x 8 . 8 h e a v y duty no 
923 4346___________ 
NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
New Spinet Pianos $795 
Chickering Baby Grand like new 
Baldwin Baby Grand, like 

Bl COUNT 
Electronic Organs. Shop with us and save, low overhead 
NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
17o2 N Colorado 
734 8 4 8 3 

T M C o p ie r, 1o7 M o d e l SISO 
___________ 348-3861___________ 
NEED IMMEDIATELY 
F a c to r y 2nd p o rt 
F re v del . te rm s . *< 
M u st veil M in i C (im p u te r S ave 4o et 
341 6641 bus 691 1629 h o m e 

N C R 68oo. 9 to to l C ash 
R e g is te r_________ $35o 
737 716) 

O F F IC E C H A IR S 
7, lik e n e w 
R e tort o t o v e r $3oo e a c h , te lt a t $2oo 
341-425o a y s 

P rin tin g E q u ip m e n t fo r S ale 
M o lt' 125o, t it t le G ia n ! 
F*B F o ld e r . 
A M W u x e r . k. u dqx M o d e l 2 D c n s i 
IO m e te r. T h e r A B urd 78 
V a c u u m 

G re e n h o u s e S a te E x t e n d e T k x * . 
8x12 Tee m s. lr ce dc. I *24 VOO i 
Live in babysitter and m a id to c a ' fo r 2 y e a r old f l ./l. C a l! o tte r S. 
P M . 734 2349 
_________________ 

F a c to ry ; b ld g F re t 
4o s to ra g e 

$2 3o p e r h o u r. h o u s e k e e p in g a n d t h iid r o n , tra n s p o r ta tio n o n d r e fe r enc cs C o ll 492 2783 o tte r 4pm 

R esp o n sib le w o m e n to liv e In m o n a g e house Isold a n d c o re I or 3 school a g e c h ild re n L a r g e p i r vote (ic co m rnodottons plus s a la r y 826 6572 

T e o c h e r needs b a b y s itte r 
M F m y h o m e , colt u tte r 
S o r w k e n d s 
653-5849_______________________________ 

Line P 'o e , 2" a n d 4" b io - fib e r g la s s , rn tr t-g o i E U th re a d s , 3P le n g th s tov tor 
?2c a n d 32c ft 
P Q B ox 12 
6 x 8 .5 2 9 5 
8 x 1 o .5 3 9 6 
Other sues available 
QUALITY CONSTRUCTION 
H e a v y Duty Floor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo S e g u in R d __________226 314) 

DON’T BUY BOAT ^ 
A 
EROM 
BARBERA 

Just caus. we y. been rn SA SO 
Y U K , or we hot. th* prettiest, best borgoins luy h p . because A FtOV- 
IN brands 
8 Matchless values tor 
1oo% 
H AHOLA tub fiberglass 
C 
PteosMMt S H V K I (some shop fora • mon over 3o ywxs H.'t o SAMIRA 
TOO, mil do what s bast let YOU). 
‘ Sr. 
77 daaK 
76 
STEALS: iVTNRUMONK. 
MIRCRUI5ER, 
(ODA. 
GUSSMASItl, 
REGATTA. 
M o t or twat deals, SERVICE it bonus 
•So* NOW; Mom or plush 22ft upper controls, stond up SHOWER, 2 doubt. bunk rooms ^/privacy curiums, plus oft 
CAMP fish porch 
Se. 
77 stt.ombned CARIN, 21 opens INS or outbooids, downto 9ft carl appere (NO 
A lt boats do NOT need potty Model 
MSD unless head dig nor yes un­ quote) PoftuW* potties 59 up Arrives mid ion. 24ft COMA (orrbbeon cut ty cabin 35IV8 I 77 
VUQhp IVIN- 
RUDE outboard loaded 
•Used like new 
72 
Chrysler IAH. 
3Shp eler on troller 5895 (uttow blue book) (leon. tost Others to 5S8oC, 
SANK rotas (repay w out penalty 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 (roadway at 6th FAH FMC 
SO marine years in S A 227-2112 i 9 8 pm (hors Nile 9 pm Closed Sat J 

R E C O R D O F O N E 
A u to m a tic t e le p h o n e A n s w e rin g 
R e c o r d in g , c a ll d i v e r t i n g e q p t 
C o m p e titiv e p ric e s C oll a n y tim e 
B riton s E le c tro n ic s 615 2/45 

R e s ta u r a n t E q u ip m e n t F o r Sole 
S ta in le s s s te e l IO 
* . l l i } 
9 s te a m e r c o u n t e r , d e e p f r y e r i b u rn e r stove 
V e ry re a s o n a b le , 
o84-6195 

DIESEL TRACTOR 
D a v id B ro w n w ith fro n t e n d tgcder 
J b u c k e ts ( I yd a n d 
. y d r 
3 pi hook uu. p o w e i tu x e o tt G ood tire s 
E x c e lle n t cond $375o. C a n d e liv e r 
695 9218 . 69 5 32o5 

F O R D M O D E L 35oo D ie s e l T orque 
C o n v e r te r T r a c t o r L o a d e r B a c k hoe P ric e d to sell 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO 
_________ 533 514$. 739 S ieves 

P o rta b le Bu gun Bonded 

S P E C IA L I Used 
T Cf ins, tree- delly 
1975 A p a c h e E a g le 4oo n e v e r used, 
53195 it), i fa b u lo u s 

A R E A L B A R G A IN "'' 1975 S co ttv i's 
H ig h la n d e r; e le c tric b ra k e s , sleeps 
6 . p lu s 
1972 A m b a s s a d o r S S T 
W ag o n , h e a v y d u ty h itc h , e le c tro n ic b r u k e c o n tr o l a i r , p o w e r , r a d io . 
OutO exc cond Both $38oo 684 3781 

A ltec 1217A. S even C h a n n e l P A w ith r e v e r b , 2 L a n s in g 32o7 c o lu m n s , e»c ' ond . 46oo best o tter Hit 5148 
Store roams, all wood, 1ox14 $485, 
12x14 56oo Delivered 655 236) 
Checks accepted with proper ID. 

(lust**: William Fenian 

512-227 2319. San Antonio 

NOTE; Keota briny your trucks ond bollen Mf* need to empty buildtny 

 th* sam* day of auction 

Sale Conducted By 
J.C. HARPER 
Auctioneers, Inc. 

Austin Rhone J I 2 -9 2 6 -2 1 IO 

TXGS 77-o138 

B A L D W IN O R S te ; esc cond f or te a c h stu d en t 224 55/6 
C h itd c o re in m y h o m e 
F u ll or p o rt tim e B f OOdwOy A 41o 8 22 o369 

D E P E N D A B L E L A D Y w o n t * 2 m o r n if t y H o y t c o r 337^7$? 

E x p e rie n c e d W o m a n w ill c o re fo r 
MCI* Q* f ty - Rfel S I I - 4o/9■ 
H O U S E K E E P E R d e s ir e , liv e -in lob 

_ 
Iro n in g w elshing d o n e in m y h o m e 
B v M r s ( p e a r s 736 39 6 /____________ 
L it n u rs e Olde d e s ire s p r iv a te d u ty or m a id w a r k , on b u s lin e 3J I i l l 
Mature a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le c it-is so m e c re d it t » u ru-eos 
P B X O p e ra to r or P B X R e c e p tio n is t 
SW Bet! flu m in g 828 4823 _________ 

P r a c tic e d N u r s e c a r e fo r s ic k or e ld e r ly C on 337 /9 1 o 

P r a c tic a l n u rs e d e s ire s p riv a te du iy to r sick o n d e ld e r ly 
K e lt ! enc es 
N o live- in 8 .4 S ki i 

 fzeg C h 'id C o re , g a u d lo c u tio n to r w o rk in g p a re n ts in s o u th e a s t S A , n ic e n e ig h b o r h o o d , tow ro te s 
633 28o1___________ 
- - 

U sed D a m a g e d 12x24, 32x4o Didos y r e n d c lo s e o u t p r ic e s , T e r m s , d e liv e ry 653 8111____________ 
C la rin e t w ith c a s e , J e a n (c a rtie r 
SSO 344 5746 a tte r 4 P M 
C R IT C H E T T P IA N O CO 
No Tim # L im it on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Plan 
19o7 W Woodlawn 
______ 734-421/ 
Fen d er T w in R e v e r b A m p h lifie r . 
IOO W otts, 2 ch a n n e ls 828 1 563 
F la v o r F r e s h c o ffe e m a k e r , c o s t 
529 91 
B le n d e r , $19 99 
E le c t r ic s k ille t. $41 99 
K e n m o re S w e e p e r, 
$135 95 
T w o m o n th s o ld , 
, p ric e 

Karotkm s Downtown T h rift 
Basement, New and used furniture 
231 i Com m erce, 227-6361 
LACK S DISCO UNT W A R E H O U S E 
Used Furniture ond Appliances 
943 C O LIS EU M OR 
225 7444 

. . A l l Sues 
All Types 
B R A U 8A C H Equipm ent. 736-1659 
Heavy duty all steel 3-cixie goosen eck equipment troller. $165o Call 
5 :4 8956__________ 

IN G E R S O L L R a n d air compressor, 
535oo 735 45o3 538 2o19____________ I 

INGRAM ROLLER 
8 
IO Ton, w a te r loaded, steel w h eel 
I 
H 4 c y lin d e r gas e n g in e 
G ood 
I 9 ’,£l 1145o Curt d e liv e r, 695 9/18 

T ravel T ra ile rs M otor Hom es 

2617 R O O S E V E L T __________ 512 6o6) 

C a m p e r shell fo r ‘74 or 'll long bed 
T o y o ta t m o n th old $185; 226-4126 o r 456 42o3________________________ 

C A M P E R S H E L L , v e ry g uild cond 
$175 534 9J2? J33 5679 

7 $ C H E V Y ’ j ton p ic k u p w ith 197$ 
C o a c h m a n C a m p e r . C a ll 623 4724 a tte r $ p rn 

C LO S E O U T S A L E . 1974 
C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C T R A IL E R S 
718 W E S T A V _______________ 735 3931 

23 F t. 
73 P e n g u in T ra v e l T r a ile r 
$325o F I R M 684 o694_______________ 

H E IM E R C A M P E R ‘ i A l E S s a n A n to n io s E x c lu s iv e C o a c h m e n d e a le r 
H e m .e r m a k e s C o a c h m e n a f f o r d a b l e ! 92 4 8 3 ) 6 , 3329 5 W 
M ilita r y O r 
Just W est ot S o m e rs e t R d 

*97$ J E E P P IC K U P , tow wltoaaa, ha* c a m p e r w ith stove, r e fr ig etc 
$*9oo firm 6 *4 64*8_________ 

LO N G W H E E L BA S L C A M P E R 
*15o C A L L: 922 28/3. 

LUMBER 
LUMBER 
L U M B E R 
Ou need a n y 
U S E D O F F I C E E q u ip m e n t 
(u n v e n h o n a t a n d s e c r e t a r ie s d e s k s a n d c h a irs . C a lc u la to r* o n d m iscu t 
Igneous su p p lie s 654 6654 
___ 

U S E O I d F F I C E F U R N I T U R E 

 en ch . 2o v o lu m e 
N e w 516oo w it! 
.'v e ttin g , u tte r 6 
41. Doloroso 

I i i 
Pawn B rik e rs 
O U T M A R L U M B E R 
> Sfrnmn Md u * I M ! 
L a rg e S electio n of A n tiq u e 
PLAYER PIANOS 
E D G A ID A 5 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC C O 
2Ho6 N F tor es 
73 j ]$6q 

M U ST " s t l l " 1'" K N A B E ! R o sew o o d 
C n u iid P io n o . e x c . cond 734 5283 
PIANOS R E N T E D Option to Buy 
NO L IM IT E D T IM E 
DACBERT’S Music Plaza 
14oo N O G A L IT O S 
223-615! 
5 /IS W A L /E M R D _______ 664 6661 

Sho b u d P e d a l s te e l g u ita r s 
P r o 
111, ond Single T en m o d e ls a v u ilq b l# 681-o967 a fte r 6 b m w e e k d a y s 

A M I R IC A N L O A N C O b uy-setl tro d e a n y th in g at v a lu e 
1.24 E C o m m e rc e w a n r t e TO B U Y 
U sed a ttic e furniture 
D esks, chairs, hie cobra et*, etc 
I piece or entire attice 1)31 
Bass. R d , >33 /367 734 3o81 

DIESEL TRACTOR 
D a v id B ro w n w ith fro n t e n a lo a d e r 
? b u ckets ( t y a r d a n d 1» y a r d ), 3 p f hook up, p o w e r ta k e o ff G ood fire s 
E x c e lle n t cond S3/So C o n d e liv e r. 
695 9218 . 69S 32o5 

F A R M A L L H E x c e lle n t cond good tire s 
Sell 
C h e a p 
SHOO 695 9218, 
69 V 32o5 

1976 Ford 3 .o o D iesel Tractor, used ab o u t 14o h o u r* 5695o 6 It 8 in D isc 
Harrow, used about 3o hours $45o 
337-8o32 a rn 

G r e a t 

 c s t i n e t r c a n b a rg a in 
WANT ADS! 

S A Y S 
C ull or Se# M c A t” 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
D e p e n d a b le S in e * 193$ 
4o7 N Z o rz o m o ro , 432 7641 
/Ob BUIUIHG KAHRIG 
V A R IO U S s iz e c o p p e r t u b in g , O' 
O liv e r w o o d la t h e w it h to o ls . 6 ‘ 
J o in e r w ith I hp m o to r a n a s ta n d , la r g e b o w ! la v a t o r y w ith fa u c e t , u s e d c e n t r a l h e a t u n it . B r o w n d itc h e r 656-o987 

W h itn e y 6JSA- b u p l i c a t o r 7 ‘io to n p u n c h w ith to o lin g . $21,ooo 
D e a n 
S leet M ig Co. 226-82/1 

E#tCiAL I PonraStotoxlOort b a te F r e e d el . terms A 4l-6t88 

9 Steal tanka, new s u r p l u s 
3o,ooo g a l v e r t , d e liv e r to yo u . A ls a 
15,ooo' Ut f r V * u sed p ip e . LOU J o b m . 
I I > 4 4 /O J O J 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
19o1 A u stin St . 224 14)7 
U n iv e rs a l C ity , 448 6331 

A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
T O B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

C lo se out p ric e -, y e a r e n d sa le on 
1ox2o, 1 ox1/ wood p o rt b ld g 
F re e d e l i v e r y. t e r m s 6 5 ) 8 ) 1 1 _____________ 

D a m a g e d P o rt s to ra g e b ld g 1oxt5. 
F re e d e l , te rm s . 924-5oo/ 
C an o e I V?t ft W h ite 
$195. 1o23 F ab u lo u s 

o975o678 

San Antonio EX PRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 9 1977 

EXPRESS-NEWS BOMOS ADS 
^ ^ ■ TEX AS SIZE SAVINGS.. 

2 LINES $ 
IO DAYS 
7 

NON COMMERCIAL! 

C A N C E L L A B L E 

W I T H O U T 

R A T E C H A N G E 

£ 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTSI 

MOTO* HOMES D ® C MOTOS HOMES 
IF 

GUNN Motor Home Center Says... 
All 76’s MUST GO 

Each year inflation runs the price up ... this year Steel Prices will increase. 

THESE PRICES W ILL NEVER 
BE LOW ER. SA V E $ $ $ 

★★ W INNEBAGO ★★ 

14,575 

15,595 

 i f 565—D2 I BRAVE— Auto cir conditioner, roof air, 4KW generator, stereo, cruise control, - sleeps 6, wos $16,288 NOW 
* 
#S47.«D2feRT BRAVE— Auto air conditioner, roof air, 
4KW generator, radio, cruise control & more. Was $17,139 
NOW 
............................. 
#554 ... D23 CHIEFTAIN— Auto air conditioner, roof air, 
4 KW generator, stereo, cruise control 8 many more extras... . 
Was $18,5o3 NOW 
. 
*16,995 
#5o8...D26 CUSTOM- executive Demo FULL Warranty 
Top OI The line, LOADED. W as.-- 
$24,977. NOW 
.......... 
‘22,35o 
#551—25’ SPORTSMAN DEN — Executive Demo FULL 
Warranty, 
LOADED, designed for the sportsmen 
W a s ... _ _ _ 
SI8.219 NOW 
‘16,595 

MIDAS ★★ 

#5o2—19o-1— V S, automatic, air conditioner, sleeps 6 
Wos $12,226 NOW 
................... 
‘ 1 1 , 2 2 5 
SP489—19o-1— V 8, automatic, air conditioner, roof mr, 
_ sleeps 6 Wos $12,6o4 NOW .................. 
‘ l l , 5 9 5 
#5o9—226-1— V 8, automatic, auto 8 roof mr conditioner,.. - - generator, sleeps 6 Was $14,65o NOW . 
13,345 

★★ GM C ★★ 

#468—PAIM BEACH— Executive Demo, LOADED, FULL 
Warranty, The ULTIMATE Motor 
Coach Was $33,5oo NOW...........*29,9oo 
GUNN 
MOTOR 
HOMES 

Loop 41o at Broadway—824-o411 

San Antonio's Largest M o to r 

Hom e D ealer— 
*77 M O DELS 
N O W IN STOCK 

Remember...all warranty service done here...at one location!! 

C 
M O B IL E H O M ES 
) ( 
) 

» ‘ 
*_________ 

( MOWll HOME PAMSK j f i l ) 
( MOBILE HOME PARKS ) ( jjl2 ) 

SAN PEDRO NORTH 

M O B I L E H O M E P A R K 

1 6 2 * o S A N P E D R O 

 j 4 9 4 - 6 6 1 1 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

IOATS, MOTORS 3 (8 o 4 ) 

D ISC O U N T B O A T S A L E S 
Boss boats, new and Demo s with new motors, tro llers 454 o38o 
E V IN R U D E 4 hp motor. Ex cellent cond , SISO firm 828-1236 otter 5 
I* Ft. R a n ae r B a s s B o at 13.5 hp. 
E vmrude and extras SISCO aal 1539 
‘7* C L A S T RO N 186 Swinger . 135 H P 
E vm rude outboard, com pletely ski equipped. ssnso 49? u n 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
La se Mc Queonev, 51? 557 66?? 
E v e ry d a y in c e p t Monday 
Jet Cruisers Th hull plum it 11 
K o d iak B o v s Bo o t, 65H P 
M e rcu ry w ith p ow er trim , super dolor guide trolling m otor, depth tinder, ? aertoted live wells, m any a c c e s s o r ie s 
C u s to m d r iv e on 
’Hiller, I ?78 7813 Uvalde 
Sail boot and troller. 13' C hrysler 
Lonestar 
Mo in and lib 
$7?S 
223 S443. 
1*7? S E A R A V S R V IT I I*' In hull dnve-on trailer. 188 hp 1-o Pow er 
•-im and tilt, interior worn but ser- vicable Hull. motor, steering, etc. oil perfect. Top. side curtains, bow co ve r, b o ard in g lad d e r, skis. a n ­ chor, rop es, lite and ski tackets. 
5SPOO firm Pe t Rio: I-77S-8253 
" i i . 16 S K E E T E R C ro ft. H u stle r 
Boss boat with SCHP M ercu ry. Little 
Dude T railer, stick steering, super motor guide, troll motor 
R ay Je ff locator. ? batteries. 6 oal tons, e x ­ tras All in good cond . MOO or trode part for 64 
68 VW Buo 736 2152. 
6*79 8979 ask tor John 
1976 S T E A R N C R A P T . 16 
In-'Out board, fully instrum ental, 12o h p 
M E R C C R U IS E , less than 5o hours 
' water Must sell Call 656 665o 
21*' t a h i t i, 1^76. Je t Boot and Ton clem Trader 46o H ardin Lord, fully 
■quipped. M ove offer I 42o 7758 m r Thunderbird F driveo n tra ile r 
All i■’} 6o69 otter Sum 

 hp I "5. fro * 561)oo. 

U S E O 8 IB E R E A SS Y A C H T S 
B e r t r a m ?5 ?8 31 46 
H a t t e r a s 
I 16 4 I, C al 27 34, O T H E R S 8o7 
Vjndollar, Rockport, 729-1ooo, Cor- 

8o6 SPoBTIN6 SHOPS 

O ver 1ooo Guns to Choose From 
B U Y — S E E L — T R A D E 
A m erican c pun Co 227-857? 

8o8 - HUNTING I FISHING 

Dove. Deer, Quad 
Atascosa County 
1-569-3334 

4o A C R E S H I L L C O U N T R Y 
M o n y d e e r , tu r k e y , 199o d o w n p aym ent, $154 43 p er mo. O w n e r financed Coll 734*9363 

 f o r T S L f 
S ana W mod 58. T H, 
T *, TG, 41 M ag 
S and w m od 
599m M 15 shot, In box $25o coch or trode. 924 4866 
78 International C a rry all. p riced below wholesale tor quick sale $95o 
824 v494 
L A R G E H au lin g 
South texas Atter vonted in 
179 7417 

R e s p o n s ib le want to lease in S exp 
JIH Tea 
V o lk s w a g e n 1971 c a m p e r V a n , 
AM FM , air conditioned, new point, a ll a c c e s s o r ie s in c lu d in g tents 
$2275 
Consider trade 
824 6788. 
<94 2724 
W A N T E D hunting lease Group at 
Son Antonio, business and P ro fe s ­ sional men seek year round hunting lease rn South Texas, Pe te r Plum b. 
227-9181 

64 W illis Jeep stei wagon 327 cu in 
I . P W O . $85o 
1217 Q u in ta n a , 
9 3 L i m j £ M M J L 
81o-NIM! inurns MU 

 u in u r5 u s S e d 7 t,,oo»i<> lot included. 
NW area. sell or trade for house in n w a re a. 898-2971 

(M OW ! HOMES—$Alf )(5T5) 

P 
W 
5 
^ LOOK 3? 
' PRICED TO SEU 
SAVE REPO SAVE^ 
24 x48 Double 
^ wide CHEROKEE ^ 

3 bedrooms, I bath fully ^ 
> furnished with corpet, 
T yn’h appliances. and 
^ deliveied ond set up 

£ o n l y $ 8 9 9 5 ^ 
_ AMERICAN Mo8IIE A _ 
►MODULAR HOMES, IN C ^ 
►922-7191 922-o441 ^ 
273o i W Military 
^ 
Pi. Out of towneis gas expenses poid with pur- ^ B 
^ chase of mobile homes. 
^ 

CLEARANCE SALE! 

. 
— 
W E ’R E O P E N 
S U N D A Y — 

W e 
Hove to 
Move 
4o 
Mobile Homes before Feb ruary 1st. 
PRICES DRASTICALLY 
R E D U C E D ! 
Near Wholesale Prices 
REDUCED THOUSANDS OF 

$ $ $ $ $ 
SUNSET MOBILE 
HOMES 
2762 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

HACKE 
I i minutes North of North Star M all. 
Oak trees, good soil. Hill Country 
U tilitie s a v a ila b le 
$2,195, $195 down. HO 56 per month for 5 years. 
8 interest 494 3419 or 342 18o8. 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L E S T A T E 
A O D A R O O M . Custom bun! a n y sue, delivered, term s 923-4346 
A S S U M E P A Y M E N T S , on 12x65 3 bedroom, furnished 924-4224 
B eryl's Mobile Home Center 
N E W and U S E o 8SI-8981 . 
16313 IH-35 N O R T H (Se lm a E x it) 
74 Double Wide 24 x 44. 2 bedroom, never lived in StSOO 342 3472 

 i i Hallm ark 2 bedroom. t 'j bath, partially turnished. 5*ooo 433 2883 

JA R MOBILE HOMES 
New Used 114oo IH3SN O55 o47I 
M O B IL E H O M E T O W IN G 
R E A S O N A B L E I 922 7221 
M O B IL E O F F IC E T R A IL E R 
W71 
B t R o e , I2'»44' 
3 rooms ond bath with central air conditioning and butane tank $45oo Ex cellent conal cm 65 3 7361 

Take over paym ents No equity 73 
L A N IE R luxury 14 x 66' 2 bedroom, 
2 both, carpeted, p artly furnished 
All kitchen appliances 333 3o9o 
TO P D O L L A R P A ID 
PO R U S E O M O B IL E H O M E S 
824-324o 
828-4424 
TO W N & C O U N T R Y 14x65. untur rushed, p ay tr a s fe r n n g fee. take over paym ents. 658-1o64. 

 l M O M U » O M B - U u D ( S T f t m m m m 
£ 
LOCK 4 
PRICED TO SELL!! ^ 

S A V E 
S A V E ^ 

14 X78’ NEW MOONIE 
3 bdrm, 2 baths. Fully carpeted 
With drapes 
B n Fully furnished, with cert i trol heat and appliances included. 
C only $ 7 9 9 5 3 

► AMERICAN MOBILE A ' 
►MODULAR HOMES, INC 
► 
273o1 W . Military Dr 

922-7191 
922-o441" 
P.S. Out of towners gas ^ expenses paid with par 
(hose of mobile home t m u r n s 

^ 
PRICED TO SELL 
^ 
T2'X7o‘ Premier Deluxe 3- bdrm. 2 beth. Beautiful front bay window fully caroled jjj fully furnished* Control neat, 
^ 

► 
: s i t e r . . . $ 6 6 6 6 ^ 
12X6o' C Horn (won Deluxe 3 bdrm I both, front kitchen 
• window fully furnished with v 
, drapes. Central Hoot ond ap- 
^ 
C r .'“ 
..$5995 ^ 
^ 
922-7191 
922-o441 
I V 27*8 E W . Military 
^ 
'/J J A A k L W ^ 

USED BARGAINS 
8X35' 
..........................................$1995 
8X45' ........................................$4995 
12’X6o‘ ........................................$5995 
'2 X 4 4 ' 
.............. 
$799$ 
'4 X 6 o ' ........................................ $6995 
'4 X72' 
...................................... $8295 
Some W ith A ir Conditioning 
B e ryl's Mobile Home Center 
165)3 IH-35 North (Selm a E x it) 
651-6961 
W A N T E D : Used Mobile Homes! 
CASH and F A S T S E R V IC E ! 
M R M IL E S , 924-4231 
W E T A K E T R A D E IN S, W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L 
M A X 
9244225 
W H Y S E T T L E F O R L E S S ? O ur 
M o bile H om es h ave F ire p la c e s ! 
Buckingham Homes. 658-2811 
14x68 3 bedroom, 2 both furnished. 
$4995. 924-4226 
8x4$ 2 bedroom, extra clean, fully furnished, carpeted through out has a ir, will sell cheap. 6537 Randolph 
Blvd. 
W hispering 
W inds 
Trailer 
Court. 

$3995. 14x4o 2 bedroom mobile home fully furnished. 924 4226__________ 
61x^4 2 bedrooms, 2 full baths. New s c u lp to r e d c a r p e t, la r g e p a tio cover. 661-4847 ; 661 4o37 

812 - Mobile Home Parks-Spaces 

CANYON LAKE 
Ex tro large mobile home lot $1475, 
$75 down, 84 months at $21.83 A P R 
8'« 
Call A Jones. 226-23o3. 

FREE 
E v e ry other month tree tor I whole year 
Bucking ham V illa g e M obile 
Home Park 658 7811 
M O B IL E H O M E P A R K LO TS 
Rent $45 Mo. F H A approved 
Judson Ind Schools 658-oo22 
N E , S h a d y A c r e s T r a i l e r Pk fenced, store room, trees, $37.5o. 
Near W indsor Pk. M all. 826-8766. ■ 
N orthw est. 5o x IOO m obile home sp ace $39.5o per montn F re e move to qualified renter 684-285)_________ 

TEACHERS 
The best tim e to buy land is between 
C h ristm as and N ew Y e a r s . T his close in tro d Is only IS minutes out 
San Ped ro. You can live in your mobile home or build conventional 
This Is a large wooded site on easy term s 
J C . 
H O RT O N 
Broker, 
494 3419 
9o1 WANTED VEHICLES 

Buy Junk Cars-lron, Etc. 
Anrco Autos 927-3211 or 633-7o3C 
Cosh tor cle a n c a rs and tru cks. 
L a rry Cannon Auto Soles 
563o Son P e d ro _ 
828 6355 
C H R IS T IA N S Need Truck F o r Go sp el W o rk In T o rre o n . M e x ico . 
648 2635 or 661 37?:; 
C O M ET 24 H R TO W S E R V IC E 
W e buy iunk ca rs . pay top cash! 
433-56o1; 6o7 S Gen M cM ullen 
'63 Corvair Pick Up Good Condition 
$55o, 648 3o47 atter ftp rn. 
'54 F o rd P ic k U p O rg in g l, N ew 
Eng ine. E x c e lle n t B o d y, P r im e r , 
New Tires 341 o378 
6o O M C P ic k u p , s ta n d ard , good motor, good tires, new paint, $375 
2o8 Holly S t_________________ 
Individual wants to buy car for per sonal use $3,ooo to $5,ooo Replies kept confidential Rep ly to Ex press 
Box 2624 

M O K E CASH F O R JU N K C A R S 
T R U C K S E T C : 
923-4422 
B A X T E R S A L V A G E . 1223 Quintono 

PAY TOP PRICES for wrecked cors, ond trucks A l 
Auto Ports. 222-tOI I 
S E L L IN G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i p r ic e s p a id to r c le a n C a r s 
Trucks etc. 222-1342 
T H R E E H O N D A S F O R S A L E ' 
L IK E N E W ! '76 X R 75, '76 CT9o, '75 
SSoCB 4 under 6oo m iles ca. Best 
Otter ' C A L L 341 57o3 or 65S4o52 
TO P D O L L A R ! F O R JU N K C A R S , 
T R U C K S , 
S C R A P , 
125 
M I L E 
R A D IU S SA N A N TO N IO 342-51o1 

USED CARS-CLEAN 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
122) B R O A D W A Y ___________ 223 4283 
W A N T E D 
72 F O R D . C H E V Y , or 
G M C p ick u p s C le a n , low m ile s, good cond Stand. Irons., I W B By p rivate party, no d e alers1 
1)12 1 7 4 - 3 2 7 3 - ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ M 
Y A M A H A M O T O R C Y C L E 1973. l h 
H P , excellent condition. $4oo W ith 
H e lm e t 
221-5124 b e fo re S d rn,, 
653 1)96 ofter Sp rn. 

9o2 Motorcycles Scooters 

1963 B M W . R 27. 
C A L L : 224-1192. 

B M W *73 R7S-5 4 gallon tank, wind- lom m er, b ack rest. Lo w m ileag e. 
$1895 344-8956. 
73 B M W , R75-5. V e ry clean! $185o 
Can be seen at 2o22 Rigsby. Call: 
426-2)43 otter 4 I 
'72 CB 35o Hondo extro tank, runs wet! $5oo 659 164/ 
7$ E U R O P E A N L E V E R D A 75o 
$17oo C A L L 494-2951 | 
_ a r e lti M o o e d , e x c e lle n t co nd great City bike. 7J2 5874 824 6o7o eves 
1974 Gold W ing. 19/) Hondo ISO 
Four Sharp Trode. 1o23 Fabulous 
75 H A R L E Y D A V ID SO N S IH full dress. 7oo m r $3495. will take trade 
227-o938; /J4 <553 
■ 
H A R L E Y D A V 1oS O N 12oo TFTI 
Chopper, coll 923 o78o 
‘75 H O N D A C B 16o T, 1 7oo m ile'; 
L ik e new 
B e s t o fte r 
3223 
H O W A RD , Apt 33 826 7691 

75 H O N D A JOO F O U R F u lly toad- ed. windiam m er, air horns, suable bog. helmet $135o F IR M 696 o764 ofter 5. 

H O N D A 75o Good condition Colt 
3465918 otter 6 p m 

HO NDA O F SAN A N T O N IO " 
57o8 Mobud 684 3682 H 
'74 H O N D A 75o SS with wtndtom mer B arg ain ! Like new 6564157 
74 HO N D A 75o Super Sport. SOO mi 
In w arra n ty. situp *S6o**9 

'72 HO NDA XL2So. good condition, f TTI T il TH M 
JO E H A R R IS O N HO N D A 
Sales Service-Party 
368) B R O A D W A Y ___________ 824 9694 
'74 Kowasakt VO dirt pike, I own* dean, low im $25o cosh 494 217? 

'7 6 K A W A S A K I 9oo im m aculate conditio# l l /vs 
N o r th w o o d P o n c h o A u d i 
1326 N E L o o p 4 )o 
834-3214 

74 K A W A S A K I 9oo 
32oo m iles, 2 m atching helmets, crash b ar, lug r a c k , cu s to m sco t 
$2295, F r e dncksburg, 512 997 5268 
Lik e new 74 K I «ooec K a w a s a k i 
S9oo 246o955 between 2 5PM 

M X S P E C I A L H U S K Y S ~ 19 71, 
34oCC, 545o 1974, 2Socc, 595o Bored, polished and ported by P C Racing 
6561977 otter S p m 

1973 Norton IM . In terstate I HOO 
227 o221. 3669o57 otter 4 2o p m 
'74 fem 25o Suzuki Excellent Condi lion. USO. '74 H usky 2So C R M ag 
Clean. 55oo 344 9433, 342 4248 ■ S JI 

■ T a n a n t o n i o c y c l e s a l e s 
K A W A S A K I Sales. Service. Po rts 
311 N A K O M A 
654 4944 

T111S-PARTS- 
ACCESSORIiS c 

TIRES-PARTS- 
ACCESSORIES 

 g , / * * — - — 
1 
1 
' 
.... 
^ Oil Crisis ^ in America! 
Is it Real? 

 lf it isn t, it should be! We throw away millions of barrels of oil every doy, just drain it out of o crankcase and throw it away! Yet most people know that oil does not wear out. It just gets dirty. Until now you hod no choice you either changed oil or ruined your engine. 

Well, not anymore You con install a Sauna oil refining system right on your vehicle. The Souno will remove the water, odd, ond fuel dilution in its dry air chamber ond filter out solid particles down to 5 microns in the filtering chamber. 

With aood clean oil in your engine it should lost from 2 to 3 times longer And since the oil never gets dirty or con­ taminated it virtually elim motes the need to ever change oil ogoin 
• Cors 
• Trucks 
• Diesel Rigs 
• Fishing Vessels 
• Stationary Engines 
Souno Oil Ro-refinars are designed to fit any combustion engine regardless of crank casa capacity, for full details write: 
R.G.R. Sauna, Dist. Box 472, Boerne, Tex. 78oo6 
International Environmental Systems 
716 Edwards St. Shreveport, Lo. 71 161 

9o6) 
C 
SPORTS, IMPORTS )(? T 5 
( 
SPORTS, IMPORTS 
( 
SPORTS, IMPORTS 3(916) I 
SPORTS, IM PO R T p fO U ) 

* 

 ti 

NfW 76 SCOUT Pick up "TERRA”, # I SASS *5829 

NfW 77 SCOUT ll ASIS39S 
*5759 

NEW 77 SCOUT ll 4x4, #1S69S.......... ’66o5 

MANY MODELS TO CHOOSE FROM! 
+ 
WE ARE SCOUT SPECIALISTS 
* m 
TfST DRIVE ONE TODAY! 
^ 

P c ii 'h I ( 'n V o l v o i i i Scout D e a le r 

Authoring Ow»l>r N e Fort*, Sxlxi. Sorvfc* 
1 3 2 B A L C O N IE S N O R T H 
7 3 2 - 2 1 4 3 tmh IH-IO AW Wonderland 

NEW YEAR SPECIAL 

• v4 Ton • Automatic Transmission 

• 4oo Cubic In. VS • Power 

Steering • Power Brakes 

• Non Slip Dill • Aux 

Fuel Tank a Air Condition 

• Mony Mare Options 

4 WHEEL DRIVE 
UST: $8611.95 

S E L L I N G F O R : $7 
o 
5 
9 
. ° ° * 
•I SOOoo SAVINGS 
"PLU S T A X, TITLE AN O LICEN SE, TRA N S. 
SAN ANTO NIO TRUCKS 
SALES & SERVICE 

8 8 1 o I H - I O K A S T 6 6 1 - 4 5 1 1 

* USED TRUCKS ★ 

1 9 7 2 

1 9 7 5 

1 9 7 2 

1 9 7 2 F O R D I , 4 speed 
o U ,,' 
V 

1 9 6 7 

1 9 6 8 

F O P ! ) C 75o Si"9 ,# ""k 9 « 'rad ar, 3AI V 4 , 
I W IL V power steering, air brake!, 5th wheel 

O f i f t f a F 
V* ,o" C,ub Cob- 44o V T , auto- 
U V I / V J L matte, pawer steering, air con­ ditioned, cruise central. 

D O D G E dWrd°n C"f,° V""' 3,1 V',’ ‘,o"' 

C H E V Y 
12' Refrigerated Van, 366 V-B, 5-2 

F O R D 
AttHHwA, 4-tp,«d 
P * * * V * ' * lr * * " 

H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S F O R D 
TRUCK CENTER 
4721 W. Commerce at General McMullen 
Call Bob Clarkson or Wally Henderson • 435-4o71 

MOTORCYCIES- 

SCOOTERS 

‘73 5 U 2 U K I 5! m u ^ tru n k t x c e lle n , co n d itio n 
Low miiuage, lair eellent cond 
1426 2141 ofter 3 IO em 
S U Z U K I '76' . O M 125 
Lik e new. ridden 5 hrs 575o 5362535. 9 lo 6 
7o T R IM P H SOO 14.ooo o n « mtles, showroom condition o26 2274 
'W H E E L E R 513oo 
337 7914 eves, weekends 
75 Y A M A H A 
4.9o 871o 
45o 
SIOOO 
C A L L 

19/3 V AM AH A I KSW), fully O ff, sud 
7,ooo mi Showroom condition 5VV5 ft-IB 1794 

197* Yom oho YZ8o 
3175 Hoctline 

9o8 Ires and Accessories 

A M E R IC A N 
P r e c is io n m a g s , 
<2)1o' <2)» ". (2 )N T LOO tires. 515o 
47o-85o6 

A U T O P A IN T IN G 
Also body w ark of reasonable rates. 
Coil tor tree estimote 4365572 1 
I 
1 957 C H E V Y N O M A D P A R T S 
C A L L 735 /24o 
'69 C h evy tru ck engine. 427 high deck, needs assem bly. Si25. atter 6, 
’44 o5oo 
H si C O M ET . Moot setii Runs, or far p a rts (F a lc o n in te rc h a n g e ) *65 
M U S T A N G p u.Is 736 Cid42 

352 Cu 
R e - m o n u ta d u re d F O R D 
Short b io. k 52oo 8364149 

Eng ines: 2oo CU- rn M ustang, 23o cu in Chevy. 352 cu rn Ford From 
595 to SISO exchange 
92/ J2M or 
633 2o3o 

GOOD U S E D E N G IN E S P A R T S 
B A X T E R S S A L V A G E 
■ t227 Guin!ono 923 »*22 
M ogsT? Arisen f nevy, 2 Sheit 
C r.eon Ccitt 33) 7S94 
7 VC 

M arq u ette E n g in e A n a lyc e r with scope and roller cabinet $45o Jim m ey steam cleaner perfect condi­ tion 4 month aid $ooo 234-4126 or 
656 42o3 
71 P L Y M O U T H P A R T S 
R E A S O N A B L E ’ 532 55o4 
4 T IR E S 
G 7»xIS Polyester, excel lent $35 342-6364 

IT S IA $y TO PLACI A ixeitss-Nixes 
W A N I AO 128-iaa* 

1976 CHEVY 
VERSA VAN 

This factory built von offers moximum luxury while you travel. TV, wet bor and AM 
IM tape combined with cus­ tom captains choirs and 

 plush corpet set it apart from oil others. Mechanically it is fully equipped with VS, au­ tomatic, dual air, power, cruise control, tilt wheel ond long range gas tank. The e l­ icitor is burgundy with cus­ tom white accents, alumi­ num wheels, radial tires 
Only 4,ooo miles and never licensed. 
PRICE REDUCED 

$ 1 
, 6 
o 
o 

MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12oo S.E. Military Or. 
924-2311 

A D A M S T R U C K CO 
N E W ond U S E O 
■ T R U C K P A R T S 
IO U R O O S E V E L T 

A LA M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
I U P R O B A N D T 
224 3131 

ARMY TRUCKS 
All W haal Drivt-AU S n # ! 
B L A U B A C H Eq uip 736 1*59 

 a s s u m e 
P a y m e n t s . 
7* 
R A N G E R X L Y , 6 * n w l dr loaded, 
924 5624 

B y O w h ar: ~7t F O R D 'jto n »ton 
•toed L W B air, $995 4S» B U S 

•cV" ^ 

 i — 
o 
^ n o p r ic e in c r e a s e 

L b O 
^ 
O N 7 7 R A B B IT S b 
Model No. 17o1 
NEW 

* 7 
7 
BUG 

33o3 BROADWAY 

5J4oW8ooM HOURS 
I AM 9 NR 
MON 5*1 

 i m UU met. uu 5495 down p*t 
MINI OI IMM IN $)I95oo l*UN(l 
1o1*1 Dl’tkttD RAYMINt HIKI 54*’R U 
WITH QUAUMD .ittkl tNHlltl HRON 
TRCI RAU IO 92 KW 48 MONIN) IAX, 
HIU, IK IMM fit) I OUUt N I’ NO) IN 
CIUSID 
Lone Star v o lk s w a g e n 

(TRUCKS-TBAItlM BUSES) (9 o 8 ) 
(iR U a S TBAILEKS BU SI^(9 o 8 ) 
(TRUCKS TBA lH il B U M S )(9 o S ^ 
ANTIQUI CARS 

DUAL 
WHEEL 
^ 

B A R O N model 5* Liuntad low tutu- 
Excellent condition Complete IF R , in clu d in g F C S HIO B e n d ix quto pilot, club seating, alw ays hangared an d m a in ta in e d by lo c a l B e e c h dealer Call R Arnold 
341 5531 

CAB AND ______ , , 
CHASSIS 
V y 
28 TO CHOOSE FROM! 
TINDALL and SON PONTIACGMC 
39oo San Pedro 

'71 C H E V R O L E T E lC a m ln o A M 
F M gtrock , auto . power, vinyl root 
Tonneou cover, m ags, rad ials, ex ­ ceptionally good B y owner 
524oo 
681 1857 

'75 C H E V R O L E T pickup with HD springs and cam per shell. Excellent shape Atter fe pm 657 319o 
7o c h e v r o l e t pickup l w b . vs, au to . power steering 
S125o. 
648 oo21 
_________ 
1976 C h evrolet S ilve ra d o , p ickup, loaded Coll 681 o247 
'75 C h e v r o l e t i ton cre w cob. 
Dual wheels with tam p er Loaded 
Ask for Sonny, work 
224 4241, nitcs ofter 5 pm 655 3973 
1974 Chevrolet Aw heel d rive pickup 
’ > ton Custom O eLuxe 35o V-«. au to., a ir , p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r brokes 5345o 64) 424) 
74 C H E V Y B L A Z E R 
Loaded! im ­ m aculate! $72oo Call 349-1 *43 
71 C H E V Y Cam per Special >* ton, 
V I. outo otr, power $24oo 735o321 
'75 C H E V Y C IO Custom D eluxe, large 
6 standard, air 
532oo 
349 2474 
'73 C H E V Y C H E Y E N N E 
. t o n p ick u p 
Lo a d e d 
M in t co n d itio n 
5785o 533 337o 
‘75 C H I V Y D E L U X E pickup. A cy! standard ton 8 bed. IV OOO nu 
Air, radio perter H $33oo M arshall, 
5 i I 54 i 8 E v e s 225 7o64 
■ '74 C H E V Y L U V M i 
M ake otter 824 3494 
■ '73 C H E V Y LUV Rick up 
I owner, low mi 828-26o2 
3971 Chevy pickup truck Custom ' i 
Ion, auto 
51895 
Ask tor Woody. 
433 14*8 

'73 C h e v y p ic k u p 
P o w e r , o tr, r a d ia ls , lo w rn). S e ll, tro d e lo t smoller truck, cor *»2 99*2_______ 
'53 C H E V Y P ic k u p 
6 s ta n d a rd , good condition 144 2464 

64 Chevy step von. good condition, 
$795 UA Blue Star 225 5? 16 

*5 C H E V Y S T E P VA N I ton, good running condition $*»$ 734 2553 or 
712 *89o 

74 C H E V Y Super Cheyenne, lood cd Coli 341 9412 
I 

'72 Chevy ton Von 
Standard, radio 
52595 
TOM B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95o8 SAN P E O RO __________ 341 135* 
'74 CME V V 1 j ton V I, auto . power, factory air. v ery low mi Like new 
53395 W ill trode 97J 2883 
62 C H E V Y 2 ton, with *7, 4 cyl. 25o motor 
I*' enclosed alum inum box 
Bestow er 633 2572 atter to a rn 
47 Chevy Truck with cam per shell 
1969 v 8 m otor, clean, runs good 
$65o turn Lytle. I 772 319o 
'74 C H E V Y V A N L W B V I, powei auto . olr, A M F M tope, custom ir tenor 656 3896 anytim e 
69 C h i V Y VA N . 3o7 V 8. auto . air. sunroof, fully carpeted with built in seats, cabinets. $1495 69o 9295 atter ft pm it no answ er 344 oo18 
75 C H E V Y A W D V A N 
29.ooo m ile s , p o w e r s te e l brokes 
$65oo 
New 
Broo- 
I 629 1968 

75 D A T S U N L o n g B e d p ick u p 
F acto ry air. mops. clean ! $28oo 
459 1245 
O A TSU N P IC K U P 
: ovei 
77*. I .berglass n r, radio, tow ll 
Condition 

74 D A T S U N P ick u p , am tm a ir, low mi, goad cond $23oo 342 *344 
71 D A T S U N Pickup, low m ileage. air, extra nice $235o #9o o*o9 

'75 D A T S U N P IC K U P . 22.ooo mi excellent $375o 453 4o3o ■ 
72 Dodge L l up Caf) Pick Up. G> 
Owner, ?/,OOO m iles, JIO, A t , AC P S . 
Pf). 4? G al Aux Ton*. A ir snoek s. 
E le c t r ic B r o k e s , c o v e r , H o lle y 
Mags, New Tires, Ex cellen t Curial t'pn $4)5o 673 4915 
'71 Dodge ^iub Cab. ’« ton. auto. power, air, must so critce' 684 2165 or Coll Lind a 684 8??*. 

4o D O D G E Coronel 4 c yL , auto , air, power steering 57oo 65o 3o11 
§ 
71 Dodge M ax i Von. converted to stood up cam per, $3,5oo 655 1767 
'73 D O D O fc Pirk u p . V ton, loaded, call 34 1 94 1 2 

'972 Dodge pickup M ake ofter Ask tor Woody 432 14*8 

62 D O O G E Pick u p , slant *, $395 
*41 3oo4. M I 4741 

‘ 76 D O D G E 
R A M C H A R G E R . 
4-w h eal dr 
4.ooo m i 
E lk o now , looped $49oo *56o3o8 i t D O O G E power brok 

$1ooo 78o 27ft/ Kl 

 fan H O I and steel 
Tool box 

A ir, auto ideo 

7t d o d g e v a n , C u s t o m i z e d 
Must sol), muxe otter 7)*J4Q7 

D O W N T O W N A U T O R E P A I R .n creased if s facilitie s tor com m er 
O d ! a n d in d u s tr ia l 
H e e l m aintenance ond ic e a ii of oil cors and trucks, 225-711 1. Abc E l i im gen. 
JM T 
O R IV E IN T R U C K S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
L ared o Hw y 924 6551 924 655? 

DUAL WHEEL 
Ti C H E V R O L E T S I L V E R A D O , 
G o o se n e ck co n n ectio n , e le c tr ic . 
17,886actu al m iles Like new: $7858 
334 2ooo or 523 8596 

*7o E L C A M IN O , all power, sell 684 8o26 m ust 

Ti E L C A M IN O Classic. Oil power, fa c to r y a ir , c a m p e r top 
E x t r a clean. $1985 9 o S financing a v a ila ­ ble 224 441o 
74 E L C A M IN O C L A SS IC 
Loaded, extro clean, I owner 
52675 226 8226, 824-1928 
’74 E lC a m m o C la s s ic, ce n te n n ial pkg e xtras 1-4.18 296o ofter 6 
'75 E l Com ino Loaded Low miles 
Like new $395o 492 2247 

*73 E L C A M IN O 
O W N E R . 674 2691 
'76 E x p lo r e r 
' 1 ton 
L o a d e d , sacrifice $4588 433-2497; $3624)8 
F L O A T S , 4o 
S E M I T R A I L E R '. . reconditioned, new paint and floors 
K errville, 
T x . 
1 25/ 8533 or 
I 89ft 42.1o 
'74 Ford Bronco * wheel drive. Au­ tomatic. v e ry d e an ! $4195 878 4355 after 7 *96o1o3 
F O R D B R O N C O 
M in t co n d itio n with many extras 534QO 695 1291 
7? F O R D Courier Pickup , air. radio 
$1295 333 8152 
'74 F O R D C o u r ie r P ic k u p w ih cam per, $2o95 trade 34? 2o93 

'74 F O R D C O U R IE R P IC K U P An 
Cd with Lilack interior 
S o critici 
1?IOO 39,ooo mi M I 4261 weekday 

73 FORD COURIER 
P IC K U P 
$1689 

HE M P H 1 L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D SOU T H C R O SS 
19o1 S W M ilitar y 9?? M I/ 
'7* F O R D Econolint Van, oil cor p e te d . f u lly e q u ip p e d 
S65oo 
82? o947, 822 3166 
'/I E O RD E JOO V A N "v s, auto . air, stereo, m ags. Best ofter *84 o4BJ 
74 F O R D E X P L O R E R L W B ton p ic k u p 
L o a d e d 
E x t r a c le a n 
Sacrifice! $2758 513 237o 
F O R D 1974 Ex p lo rer ton F u lly loaded W ill help finance Coll John 
222 8984_______________________________ 

74 F O R D F ISO C U S T O M 
I ton, duol wheels, no bed Po w er brokes, steering, air 4*6 V8 . outo goosen eck hitch Looks and runs excellent 
B y owner $3175 Seguin 
1 372 o189 atter 6 w eekdays 
I 
Ti F O R D F IOO, E x p lo r e r 
V I. pow er steering, b rak es, a ir, re a r bum per, cab hi shell v e ry clean 
M arvin s Texaco, H w y 281-Blonco, 
Tex (1)133 4*13 
75 F O R D F ISO 
Loaded, coll 34 1 941? 
F O R D F ISO, 1*74 
Loaded Call 341 941? 
64 F O R D F IOO 
Ntcei $9oo 344 812o, *95 3244 
74 F O R D F ISO pickup L W B . 36o. ail power, auto 
Oual gas tanks Cull *9o 871o 

75 FORD F 25o p ic k u p 
F u lly lo a d e d 
A u to a ir , power steering, power b rakes Ex 
Ira tank 
................................. 
$299* 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D SO U T H C R O SS 
19o1 S W M ill lo ry 922 *317 
7* F O R D F IOO Rongi-r X L T . Texas 
R a n g e r option, p o w er, a ir , auto, o u x iiQ ry tq n k . 39o eng 
A s k in g 
$5'OO Call 896 2171 d ays. 896 SIVO nights Kerrville 

74 F o rd F - IOO. V I. under to .OOO mites, 
Excellent tend 
$3995 
*9o 1115 
197) Ford F 35o with t?' Von box 
Ask tor Woody ana m oke ofter, 
43) 14*5 
7o Ford pickup L W B 
Recent valve tub $1225. 424 Lanier, 
H r 9o*o 

74 F O RO P IC K U P $119o 
A good one LW 
Stand owner needs cash 4 36 2433 
** F O R D P IC K U P $6oo 
C A L L JIM , M I 4511 
»« F O R D Pickup >. ten V*. 4 speed. i * 2 L Jim , 461-4511 
74 F O R D Pickup ’■ 1 ton, nice, take up paym ents, 924 M 7 1 
74 F o r d p ic k u p . V I . lo a d e d , rom per 
SJ.4oo or best offer, must sell *53-699? eves, ond wkends 
7* F O R D R A N C H E R O , clean, air power B y owner 655 8171 
73 F o rd R a n g e r 11 
Loaded 
Like new 
*81293/ 

 ton p ik c u p 
826*5*5 or 

*7 F O R D 4 Rebuilt eng , new fir* 
$995 <28 oo55 
It s * F O R D , re b u ilt m o to r, new paint coll 532 1/1* 
49 F O R D Super 1 
Isl $75o 872 956o 
7 ^ 
F o 8 D 1 
IWS 349 5457 
45 F O R D VA N 

7* F O R D VAN . fully loaded Cost 
593oo has only o,ooo mi Sacrifice 
5*95o No trades. 34* 749o__________ _ 
Ti Ford *« V-i auto 
52275 
'73 Chevy V I auto air 
519/5 
'72 Chevy auto air. power 
51675 
7o2 New I oredo Hw y 924 221 1 
75 FO R D X L T ■•tut’,, nnlq power steermo. brake* 
*39*o 
Jim , 
*«! 4511 
For Sate 
658 5125 
'73 Dodge M axi V a ” CAI 

For Sale 
W R E C K E R , 1961 Ford, I ton. Holm es 5oo, with twin booms. air cond com pletely equipped, new motor .new tires 
545oo 
W aco 
Tx t*l7>756l257 
'/* G M C P ick u p , auto o ir T ijU O 
COM Jim , M I 4511 

736-1561 

*3 C M C Pickup 5*oo 
C A L L JIM , M I *511 
'7* G M C 'H o n , L W B 
V * . a u to p o w e r s te e r in g , b r a k e s , g r ille g o u rd , low m i 
S485o 
B o e r n e 
(1)249 )o7¥: 249 J877 

32’ G O O S E N E C K or Sth wheel, A M t AM fur tory built tandem axle with dual wheels 7 so ■ 
16 ro b b e r 
R e m o v a b le 6 ft sld« b oards 
E x re lle n t to hau l h e a v y e q uip m ent, g ra in or h a y 
5.175o 
69S 9218 . 69S 12(15 

75 GRAN TORINO SQUIRE 
W ago n w ith th ird s e at 
Lu g g a g e rack E xtra clean, low m ileage $4289 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D SO U T H C R O SS 
19o1 S IN M ilita ry 922 4)17 

HOFFER TRUCK CO. 
I 798 3?’, 4 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
PO BO K 411 Hullc’ s villi 
Tex ( I ) 

I t ! 
H o lm e s 
W reck ers 
75o 6oo SOO 4oo. D iesel and gasoline 
158 54o3. 
Dallas, 
T exes 

*2 liiternalionai T ro tter 
Gasoline 
8258o C A LL Bob 724 42Jo 734 423* 
73 International 4 wheeled!Tye crew cab 
Priced to sell! 
82* 95* 5. 
M I 293/ 

19o In te rn a tio n a l tra c to r w ith 34 
Tulsa w inch Heal s h a r p ’ N eed s engine work 
*2/ 3211 or *1 ) 2o3o 
1217 Quintana 

45 International pickup, needs rn pine repair, m ake offei 
414 HOI 
75 
L U V " pickup........ 
4 speed, ra d io , a ir c o n d itio n e d 
Cam per shell 
......... 
$285 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
958o SAN P E D R O 
341 IJS * 
TO M A C K R 6oo 
T ri p ie , 
.crew 927 456! tw in 

'72 M A / D A 1 1 ton 4 c yl. 4 speed 
Irons . radio, heater, exceptionally clean $1/95 w in hum 
9?3 I M I 
*9 
M O D E L 
1 
O b u I I I f R I IGM t i IN I R AN/! D I t R O U . 
4x4 ti 

N O R T H 

 ddi, 

)P RO 
N e w and U s e d B u m p e r s 
L ig h t weight to heavy duty F o r all sues of pickup trucks 924 *551 2o2 New 
Laredo Hwy 
P IC K U P S l i t thru 74 % 
R IL E Y A U tO S A L E S 
3317 C O M M E R C IA ! kl/ //SO 
‘TE Postm an type J E E P 2o exrellent cond 
$148o 
* 5 ) 415o. 
222 124*_________________________ _____ 

* “ 
I M I R O I I G o o d IJH-. 1,1,1. (, 141 
3o2 V I. auto. mag wheels 
$21*5 
3*4 8954____________________________ 

*75 R A N C H E R O L o a d e d 
W o u ld 
Ilk) older trurx in lr ade IViO I/n 
4/ R A N C H E R O V t. slondard runs perfect 5S9S 236 OSIS 
Ti 
R A N G I R 
X L Y . p ic k up paym ents coll *24 542* 
SCHOOL Highway Diesel Buses 
2381 NOGAL ItQ S 
51**711 
Ti S IL V E R A D O S B O w n er A M 
F M stereo, lupedecfc. arr, power 
Like new ’ $5)oo *11 IOO* 
Take o ver p aym en ts on m y 1971 
Chevrolet pickup 
Ask tor Woody 
413 IMO 
Take over paym ents on Ii Chevy pirkup No eguity Call 824 OOH ask tor Fred, Atter I 922 775/ 
7o T o y o ta H iL u x w ith c a m p i cover 5)61*55______________________ t O Y O TA i i 7s" I B 
I*. (HIO rune stereo, air. tool chest. S H V , 144 ill att 5 
'975 T ra il D u ster « w h eel d riv e , 
S3495 Ask tor Woody. 4)3 1**1 
72 T R A N S S T A R . good shape oil equipment 
Price d right 82* HIT, 
655 *5)8 
IOO U S E D T R U C K S and 
T R A IL E R S IN STO CK 
C H A R L IE 'S T R U C K P A R T S l i m i t 

VANS " P im p s 
‘l l 
71 OAAC V H out n Ford 6 Md 
Vt Dodo* 6 Md 
IS tora lirH&A 
74 Ch#* vy Che vt 
/I * ord 6. auto 

 loaded 

V A N S W A N T E D ! 
♦BTI S F L O R E S ___________ » ?| 4?| I 
43 VW Bus, Good Condition! N ew lire-, \>li C A LL /J* )SV, 

91? Aircraft Srvti.n-, 

B O S A Kit no 226t 
All e x lio s Na construe.Tion done M oving to Alo-. ko Chenpi Del Rio 
I 7/S62S.I 

IS i A H O I N A L R O . o n ly 538 h i s s i n c e n e w 
D uo) JOO N A V C O M s w it h G S 
JOO X P O R 
J L M S . IOO d ig it a l A O F 
JOO A auto pilot cou­ p le d , J p o in t Strodes, E G T t*5 mpg 
F o r o n ly SJ2.4oo 
19*8 C H E R O K E E 18o o 188/ T T, 6 
SC MOH, M K ITA, V G A 4 
TA S no dam age, licensed until t i 7/ 
$15,75o 
C E N T E X A V IA T IO N 
Son M arcos, Tx 512 )92 71** 
_________ 24 Hours per Day 
75 C H E R O K E E . 6 F u ll IF R 'p lus 
O M L 
M ini condition New annulli 
$35,9oo A il M cK in ley 512 278 669 
1959 Cit RO nTm O A R A C H . 
N ew 
Interior, new rad ius, new tor to ry engines, heovy duty hr as es 824.5oo. 
A rt M i Klnley, S I? 2/8 6691 
1971 G R U M M A N T R A I N F R o ld s ta n d in g c o n d itio n i/6 o o 
M i 
Crosby. I l l 2/51 
1977 L.ANCL 
New dem onstrate! 
A tanto-,tic 6 pin, e 19o M R H (Hone 
W ith lots ut bugdom- s p a ,. 
A il 
M cK inley, S I? 2/8 66V! 

914 
ANTIQUE and COLLECTORS 

CARS 

A U S T IN Hedley 
OOO, 96/ Hardtop 
$37oo 
569 2175 

'64 B IR D 
C AI..). 
*58 9/oo 
I9?9 C h evrolet (tem plate tor 
(oration SHOO 532 4/88 
'56 C H E V Y 2 dour, sell or tra d e 
51 OOO 684 8o26 
'55 C H E V Y 
35o VB, m ag*, stand 
'• ? tn ‘JPP.1!rem Ie ’ *55 8391__________ 
Classer 1949 Plym outh 51,ooo Or IU miles Good condition 7.33 8o28 
E co n o m ica l ( lassie . '6o R e n a u lt 
D u u p h m e 24.ooo n il 51.ooo 
149 / 2o7 
*65 E E 
C A M IN O 
P a w e r , a ir , 
4 s p e ed 
A M F M s te r e o ta p e 
R a d ia ls , ch ro m e w h e e ls A s k in g 
$16oo 
B eau ty! 
349 2791, after 6. 
433 o965 
____________________ 
IVV,; I altun Rum Ile lo U n w i t . 5I2V5 
Ask for Oreg. 433 1464 

49 F O R D F IOO 8 c y l p ir k u p 
In e x c e lle n t / a u d itio n 
5.OOO nu on c o m p le te e n g in e O v e r h a u l 
A ll original equipm ent Cheap. $12oo. 
Karnes Cliv. 78o 2/67 
IN O F O R D P IC K U P tor restoration 
R uns good $8oo or best o ffe r by 
Jo n loth 44 9 1 56 2 . 734 3141 
67 OTO O riginal, m any tai tot y v* f ig s $19oo 69o 955o____________ 

'65 JA G U A R M A R K X. Sedan Air* auto tape deck 
W aln u t in te rio r 
Must sell 734 *9?3 

” 5* L IN C O L N P R E M I E R . 2 d r , hardtop. Classic. V e ry collectable) 
A ll pow er V e ry good orig comte hon 58,ooo miles 526oo 456 o )4 * 
5o M e rig ry , F irs t (la s s Run* pet ti-rf 5 I ,o ut a sh 9 ? ? 9611_______ 

65 M U S I A N G Deluxe 289 V8. auto , tar tot y air. all power Still like new* 
525oo MI ?V.li 

1951 P A C K A R D a n opting bld* Hr liquidate debt 
HOO 5 W M ilita r y 
924 6469, 9Ti 8911 ii P L Y M O U T H . * door, excellent co n d itio n , o r ig in a l o r re s to r e d 
*1,ooo Mi 333 *27*____________________ 
R A R E *4 C O R V A IR M ingo, t lean, air. power, aulu Good tire* R u n s good 
M u s t s e ll, m a k e o tte r 
534 *11*. *56 1*79 

*8 Slit Ib 7 CvTSOli M int fo n d . A L , 
RU PS. 494 685(i Must Soil' 

916 SPORES, fOR!ICN CARS 
Ii A l f A R O M E O Valencia Spider 
Cat) 
1 1 1 I ) * ? 
_ 
TO Audi IOO I S . * ii otn 5*i)uii si IOO 
3*9 1)84o helot * I? QU * 

A U D I did E S 74 2 Door yid loaded 
O ’ luteal uric* 5/5oo, for 
5 (HOO A b e a u tifu l c a r to 
7191 Ham 4 pm , ask tor 
8441 eves 

Beautiful I i v w T u p e r~ iue. low nit 
51895 331 B IS ?__________ 

7) BM W 2oo2, m r, auto, care fu lly m a in ta in *^ d 
E x r e lle n t c o n d it io n , 
55.195 Dr Younu 695 9324 
Ti B O W TOO? 
________5525o Coll 
222-I3*? 
Ti BM W 2oo2 Excellent cond Arr, 
AM TM 555oo 828 89*2 

BMW 32o1,63o1,63oCSI 
Coll D avid R emb e rt. 73? f i l l 
7? I AF*Ri A ir todic. 4 speed 5ooo 

 ii C A Pw i 2 OL outo. arr, lew mi. 
B e t! oiler *58 1115 ll C A P R I, runs v ery good 
SSI 3o94 *41 *741 ti ( A P R I Runs v e ry good 549$ 
4*1 IOO*, 681 47*1 

■/I “ A P R , 
V 4. yid b a n s , 4-9o23. 
AM F M radio, air conditioned R e ar doe defroster, vinyl top 

74 C E L IC A 
G T s/.OOO m iles 
Ex ce lle n t condition i2,9oo 
O n e o w n e r 
S e # a t 529 
AN D E L O LO D R , atter 4 ani, 
Ti C E L I C A L l ti bo ck 
L o a d e d . 
Transferred, must selil 
221-2297) 
349 4888 _____________ 

C L A SS IC , *8 M erced es 28o$, edoiw 
Beige, tan Loaded new rudtuls 
E ngine good mpg 54/5o 824 5591 
Ti C O R v e V ffc 
Agio , white with red interior Po w er windows I OOO nile* 927 7212 
7t C o rvette C us’om P e a r l P a in t, 
ISO. 4 speed Col) $33o8o3____________ 
’n C O R V E T T E CusteiTh new wig , brakes, paint, tires 
I uuded 
888-7o83 
C O R V E T T E , 
74 
N e e d s m inar 
I ■ ' ^ n9 367V) 349-2791 

AVIATION INSURANCE 

A V IO N IC S with the wa 

JO I 4 D M E S. 1 8 1 4 (1 
M A 2o. ond o th er used in sloe* 
Ladies ond oe»t teed god wont your bust 
1 might take a deep loo* you need my business Sd lets get together W e re open 8 to 5 
Mon thru Sot at 924 4557, U N IV fcP 
SA L E L E C T R O N IC S , Stinson Field. 
Sen Antonio 

5 Y OI lino 

It I U U t o PiA C t A 
1Xo*185 NI99$ 
WANT AO lit- 1 8 * 8 

TI C O R V E T T E 
New loaded Im* n e d iu te d e liv e r y 
M u st ask tor 

C O R V E T T E 66 427 

 ll O A T S U N *18 
A ir 
A M O M . 
* speed E tc e ile n t cond P r iv a t e owner 5288o *84 8)35 
74 D A TSU N *1 

72 Do’ 

7 3 D A T S L IfT E 81 
5ilv e r 
C le a n , m r mileage I owner 51 

OATSUN 
B R Y S O N A U IO C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K IR 
U N IV E R S A L CITY-858 8271 

>o 4 dr Station W agon. 
12o28(1$. 923 /5/S 
Stollen 

» P M 

W ag 
L ik e rh. 
$28oo w eekd ays 

San A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S 
Su n d ay Jan u ary 9 ^9 7 7 ^ ports, import?*^ ( 916) 
£ 
SPOTO, imports 
C automobiles 

 t i SPOUTS,IMPORTS^)(916) 
( 
SPOTTS,IMPORTS 
{ 
S^OKTS,IMFOTTS l ( 9 U ) 

ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN <® 

N O B E T T E R C A R . N O B E T T E R P L A C E T O B U Y ... 
14o2 NE LO O P 41o <1x11 AT Nacogdoches *d,i 
828-12o1 
ATTENTION: New Car Buyers! 
WE ARE NOT ASHAMED OF OUR PRICE. WE 
KNOW WHO GIVES THE BEST DEAL. 

E x a m p le S ilt . # 4 2 7 2 
NEW 1976 
DASHER 

4 - d a o r , fu e l in je c t e d , a ir c o n d it io n e d , h e a t e r , u p h o l s t e r y . 
T in te d g la s s , r e a r w i n d o w d e f o g g e r , s te e l b e lt e d t ir e s , r a c k Sr p in io n s t e e r i n g , a u t o m a t ic tr a n s m is s io n . 

U S T P R IC E $ 6 2 8 o 
J 
$ 
1 n n n o o 
S A L E P R IC E $ 5 2 8 o 
, 
I f 
W 
W 
U 

 k 
P R IC E G O O D T H R U S A T U R D A Y , J A N . I O , 1 9 7 7 
^ 

SAVE! New ’7 7 TOYOTA’S SAVE! 

SUPER BOWL 
SPECIALS rV 
PASS THE SAVINGS if 
TO YOU! 
’71 A M C M a to fjo r ..............................................* 
1 9 5 
’ 6 5 O L D S 8 8 Coup* 
................... * 2 9 5 
• 6 5 CHRYSLER N ew port. PY fro 
. * 4 9 5 
’6 7 FU R Y 4 -^ fo o r.......................................* 
3 9 5 
’ 7 o IM P A L A H o rd te p ................................. * 5 9 5 
’7 o T H U N D E R B IR D .................................................' 7 9 5 
’7 2 FU R Y I I I .................................................... 4 7 9 5 
’ 7 2 P IN T O ......................................................... * 7 9 5 
’ 7 1 P O N T IA C Le Mon % C a u p o ................. * 8 9 5 
'7 3 A M C Hornet. 4 -d o o r............................* 8 9 5 
’7 2 D U S T E R .......................................................* 9 9 5 
’ 7 2 C O R O L L A C o u p e ..................................* 1 o 9 5 
’ 7 2 D O D G E 4-doo r, Coronet 
................M 1 9 5 
’ 7 3 SUPER B E E T L E .......................................* 1 3 9 5 
• 7 2 C O R O N A 2-door . . . . .......................* 1 3 9 5 
’ 7 4 S U B A R A 
C oupe....................................*1 5 9 5 
’ 7 2 C O R O L L A 
W a g o n ...............................‘ I 5 9 5 
’ 7 1 C O R O N A Coupe, n ic e .......................' 1 5 9 5 
’ 7 3 M U S T A N G loaded. nice . . . ................* 1 7 9 5 
’ 7 5 P IN T O W a g o n .......................................* 1 8 9 5 
| SAA aATO M O A LA BLEST V P H M ! IMPORT DEALER] 

A 
3 fc l4 
. i l i i I r i Ii 

3 8 3 4 FR E D E R IC K S B U R G R D . 
7 3 6 - 4 4 7 1 

DISCOUNTS 
COROLLA 
LIFTBACKS 

CELICA 
LIFTBACKS 

B I G G E S T 
D I S C O U N T S 
O N 
1 9 7 7 M O D E L S 
OPEN SUNDAY! 

DISCOUNTS 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

M e lo d y cen n g u n i sm all l a w * p ric e *! 

Foe lo r y In s ta lle d 
O ption*: 
A M R adio, SSD 
A M IM R adio. S T T. 
Air C o w lilio n rr, 
STAS 
Pm Striping, SJH 

 x k 

. ' s 

 j j i r t r t 

" r n 

U N LIM ITE D 

SELECTION 

All Models end Color* 
HIGHEST TRADE 
A LL O W A N C E 
— JA Hour d n llv n ry 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 

O p e n Eves: Til 9 p .m . 
D io l T o ll F re e ! 
1 7 4 4 1 8 3 
I 7 M i. fro m San A n to n io . 

TONI BENSON IMPORTS 

Drastically Reduces the Balance of 

 the 7 6 M azda Demos and Service loon Cars 

• 5 Different Models to Choose Front: • 

★ Some of these tors come with the 

 balance of 2 year or 25,ooo mile free for oil 

® NOTICE TO® 
NEW VOLKSWAGEN BUYERS 

J u s t b rin g u t th e w ritte n or a d v e r ­ t iz e d p ric e o n a n y n e w V W in t o w n a n d ju s t se e if w e c a n 't m a k e y o u a b e tte r d e a l!! 

T h e n e w B M W 3 2 o 1 it h e re . A k o fu ll lin e o f th e S u b a r u . 

See Us Before You Buy! 
USED CARS 

*7o OPEL GT, 36.oooMil** 
........................... 
•73 SUBARU, dean ..................... 
'7o AUDI, 4 door udon 
•71 V W V A N , 9 postern,.. 
•74 SUPER BIETLE 
....................... 
*74 DODGE Dart Sport, mall V 8. mr, »nly 
’76 SUBARU, Mill it warranty 
*75 RABBIT. 2doer yellow 
’75 RABBIT, 75.ooo mil#*, air, AM IM 
*75 VW DASHER Mahon wagon........... 
*76 RABBIT, automata, air, Ilk* new. 1o.ooo milt* 
•74 BMW 2oo2, ow. AM IM rim rn 

S I SBB 
S178B 
$187o 
$ 1 8 8 8 
$ 7 1 6 7 
S24F5 
$ 2 5 7 7 
$ 7 8 6 2 
$ 3 188 
$ 3 795 
$ 3 9 8 8 
$ 6 o44 

_ 
I* y o u d o n ’ t sec us b s fo r e y o u b u y ... 
Y o u C o u ld P o y To o M u ch 

JANUARY 
SU 
SPECIALS 

’7 5 MGB 
Bed, wit* wheals, 21.ooo milt* 
*4195 

7 2 TRIUMPH 
GT* Btu* with Un* interior. 
*2495 
’71 V W G HIA 
*1295 
•74 TR6 
Overdrive, 
*4395 
’7 4 MGB 
Yellow w /b lu rt interior. 
*3495 

SEE THE 
TR7 AT 
*4995 

A T 

S lit Broadway * 828-5511 

IT S A SMALL CAR W ORLD AT 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS, INC. 

9 5 o o SAN PEDRO 
3 4 1 -1 3 5 6 
Sales Hours: 8 A M, TO 9 P M MON FRI 

W W 

P 
O 
R 
S 
C 
H 
E 
A U 
D 
I 
J 
FIRST OF THE YEAR SALE 
7 2 BUICK W i s ’J ^ e r ' ^ r 
'2195 i f ) D A U T I A r Orw*4 Am. power nm* air. 
/A rU lllIH V newer wtwdowa. newer Mot*. tun reef. OWW contra!. HH wheal, ilaraa, 
..(•^M nnoll, dawn ... W»» .. t l t t S ... 

* . m a i r f C u rta il Supremo, autom otor. 
7 4 S8 S 
^ 
- ‘' w * r " T ^ fc^ 

WAS 
H H S 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
A c r e t * F ro m W o n d e r la n d a t F r e d e r ic k ( b u r g R d . 
7 3 2 - 7 1 2 1 Sales A S arvic* 

H O ND A 
CIVIC CYCC W AGON 

1 9 7 6 H O N D A C IV IC 
C Y C C W A G O N 
SALE PRICED of only *3 3 9 9 

OVERSTOCKED!! 
71 HAI 124, air, cleam 
75 TEIUMPM IRA, Over*nm 
74 MIKI DIS 21o Coupa-rod 
74 MUCIDE5 4SOU **4 
71 MUCIDfS 25o. 4 dear 
74VS MGA GI, air, stereo 
74 HAT 124 Spyder td ) 
7 ] TRIUMPH 6h . Overall*# 
75 MG Midgel. Up roe 
72 PANTERA. ltd Air 
Mony athar nnjkrs on® medals to chaos* (rom 
ROBINSON’! Sports Cars 
. 
„ 

 ii M A 2 o A u x I, o>». J s p it t i r od in. good to a d 4?6o() U t S11 * as 
/ I M o / D J* BC I 7 D r h a r d to p , p in y ) top, a ir. A M I M s te re o CO* 
• i l l * 
IJ (TOO n il 
*J49S 
W r-s d o v -. 
149 I TPI 

T? m c n e e d e $ e t n e t m s c V s 
F n lro ( leon, c o ll 73* 7743 
"?7 M E RC B D L S H E N Z I M 
CALC n i l } * }____________________ 
M E R C E D E S H C N / IM) SI f n n p r 
RoodstrW, I t l l M r-tollc bewie b am ban le at b r r in te rio r 
A ll n o tio n s, I wen* I a ll rr< o rris o v a tio n !- 
M in t o n d ilip n C ornus C h ris ti ) BSV DOS a* -Af h r I o f S f i t h i/ TJA 
Im n o r g lritr-1 1)1oo C oll 6S1 A91A i t M r-rre d e s 7ooD 
A ll o rig in a l 
7 m a ters, I kn o c k s 12)4 A ustin iiw v 

 power tent., 
WOW flite, ewtomottr, power and air. 
I J OOO miler 

 i . i I l l i r r i l U Contineatol, 4 Hoar. white on fO U N W I N white on white, all r ih a i In- 
.iodine CA ... n i t ... AMAS 
NOW 
. . . . 
7 5 VOLKSWAGEN 
U S T: u s e s ., wow .................................... l f * A U M {•*• J door. 4 .peed ... WAS 
73 AUDI m u w6w 
.......................... i f ! n n D C / U I , l 4 
I tite r. 
J tp -n d o ir, 
76 PUK5CHI .tereo tepe 
WAS .. t u t ) 

7 4 

7 5 

VOLKSWAGEN milee -TWA 
TOYOTA S i 
S U * ) 
NOW 

 bather Station W 
4 apeed 
Via VS 
NOW 

 aeon. 
1*oo 

'3395 

'4295 

'7795 

*3295 
'2895 

*8195 

'3o95 

BMW 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
3 1 7 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo M I./ 12 M O . 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION P IA N 
SERVICE AG R EEM ENT: 
ON MOST 7 7 , 76 , 
7 5 , and 7 4 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

16 S 
. 
’9885 
16 S J T " 
'1o 75 o 
16 h P M 
'99So 
1 6 ” ".”:™" 
‘ 859o 
J . 
CnilPF OeVtlli ja w was 
J O Brawn Beige 
O o 5 U 

I S r ! ! w 
£ 
11 
* 9 9 7 5 

H 
I S 
S 
E 
S 
1. 
* 8 9 2 5 
»r UDO RADO vToc a 
7 5 White WH,I. 
/ y 5 U 
IS £${L v 
*769o r$ S S * ™ 1 
*649o 

7 5 S 
K 
T 
* 7 9 9 o 
_ c fflilPf DeVIIU 
. n j . prs 
I S Sliver Silva! 
7 
« 
U 
M 
CoIIP1 DoVll ll 
4 A 9 o n 
Green White 
O Z V U 
- o COUPE DeVllli 
, o c f t l l (Hark Blotk 
-JoiU 
. . 
BROUGHAN 
$ o o 7 C 
71 Gold Geld 
2 V 7 5 

O T H E R M A K E S 

 y t 
C HJV Monte (olla SC O O A 
I O Burgundy While 
3 1 V U m a 
TORO Gf onodo sa L I V f o Stiver Burgundy. . 4 o /3 
J . 
(MUNDT RAUP 
S 7 o o A 
76 Burgundy Whde . 7VVo y r llhffllN Conli 
SAO C A 
75 Blue Bine 
*6 2 3 o y » Continental Mlt IV . «. y * — 
73 White White o /V 3 
74 C S u 
*145oo 
M lHIINOtRBIRn 
, C O O A 
Burgundy While 
3 2 V o 
M 
PONTIAC Gran Phi s o A A A 
Silver Rims 
36VU 
74 C 
K 
‘ 445o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA o r 2 2 7 - 4 2 8 2 

NEW and PRI-o W NED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open M a n .-Tri. 8 A M. 
To 6 P M 
Sot. 8 A M to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

T A K E U P 
P A Y M E N T S 
Gip. 
MVMOUTN 6wi*«« 
*1835 

1974 f o v o lo C orona M a rk ll. ? donr ha rrtto p A M lom atlf . pow er strm rm a o n tl b m k r> , ole t n n r lltio n ln q A M 
M S lrre o . v in y l top Of VI 33,ooo m i 
S M I* B v O w n er, ru n br' seen a t 1131 
B a ssr Ho a r m i l 733 73n7 rla v -.. to r; r»v» ninc|s 

IO Toyota fo r n llo M a rt ll W odan f n m p lr'ln lv a v n rh o u le r) 
M ( 
? re a l re rn n rj t a r S n O O flrm L v tln . 
77? 319G. lO V O T A Corona . <»7? 4daar. au­ to o rig c le a n 1 SUSQ 5347444 

4 r n 
! VCC rind Ct 
■ a re H o n d a 

 ido Mntnt (n lur 
19/6 4m».nm 
Standard features include 

H o n d a C V C C ’ A d v a n c e d S !ra !d ie cJ C h a rg e E n g in e 

R ack a n d P inio n s te e rin g 
F ro n t W h e e l D riv e 
D u a l- 

D ia g o n a l 
B ra k in g 
S y s te m 
S e lf A d ju s tin g 
P o w e r- 

A s s is te d F ro n t D isc B ra ke s 
4 S p e e d T ra n s m is s io n , 

A d ju s ta b le R e c lin in g F ro n t B u c k e t S e a ts fo ld d o w n 

R ear S e a t Full In te rio r C a rp e tin g 
B Jest own a Honda Civic CVCC Wagon 

T H E S M A L L C A R W O R L D O F 

TOM BENSON IMPORTS, INC. 

9 5 o o S A N P E D R O 
3 4 1 - 1 3 5 6 

Sales H o ars: 8 a .m . to 9 p .m . M o n .-F ri. 

8 a .m . to I p .m . S a tu rd a y 

M I N C I D F S 
13 24o D a u te , a ir tm . sun ro o t. SII,2.3o 
693 4VJU 

It M L R C L O L S JOO D lo a d e d ' 
41ooo a lt L if t t i t tit AUS 
M e rc rd e i I! , 
M in t re n d itio n 
I 
1 3 I.nodr d 
? ?6 37o3 
M F BC tO t S TJ ISO. 4 s o .-'d 
Air urn im Immaculate. *SJ »*Qt ti Mt-rrury Coon 
$2691 
Ava For Oreg. 41} 14*4 

M E T R I C M A S T E R , * 7 4 7 4 2 / 

V W E n g in e O v e rh a u l V W 
SI 85. 
_ .......... 
. 
3o M i. W a rra n ty 
'.I B V IC ! A N D R I P A IR 
M O B It) E a ttn rlu q n . oh e v lfflS . 8 
7)4 TOM ask far S la v* t i ' 
GB 
11 
M ust rd v n 
B ust o*t. c a ll 

*4 M O B i f w p o in t tiood t ir r v new b o ttu y io n lo p R uns pond St IOO firm , 6o4 I JO? t-ve4 
___ 
______ la MGH Super B u y ' 41ooo Needs new w in d ,h ie Id. rn-w top 1o.ooo m i , up d er w a rra n ty I L I o 7 |i 
1971 MO M id g e t I • f f l l r n t rn n d i 
• m il SI WK) (24 147o. 477 I 111 
M IS SIO N C lt Y IM P O R TS 
ME RCFOE.S s i NT Soles S ervice 
JOO SAN P i P R O 
I U 774J 

A o n c c -i n -a -1 ife t i m e sale o il a o ijc e -in -a -life tjiiie c a r. 

Tile Peugeot Diesel Sale. Ai 

BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. 
ASS o241 
S a l* ands February 2 8 , 1 9 7 7 

P 
E U 
G 
E O 
T 

1974 O aH on TM I C oup* 
A uto a ir, v in y l ta p 
C a w m ile * 
S a c r if ic e 
SSI94 C oli C lyd e R ow e I7J t u n or 
1 D 1 7 M 
_ 
___ 
' t i [ > m U l T 
-nflF in t . , 
'.ii ' rn ta p e ajar t lo * WI p rie r 3, ASS o 
1 

' i i D i f i U l i l t i * I 
4 k p a a d a ir 
A M OM s te re o , lo w m ile a g e 
F o r 
( a t t c o n d itio n 
G o o d b o y a n d tit v a stm p n t' -,4vob v7a SJO! 
*99 5184 

E 4 tg lg C lo u r n o r e 
U H o t t i * ’ o TU) u etg pirtl m ile s, q g io m o h t, eta. M u s i 
Yew »t7»;. nSQ Q ils 

•74 F IA T 124 c o n v e r tib le t i i i o b o id top a ir 
4 *p a a d *114o 
T o r n i l l B u y ! 34? 9*94 
................ 
I -.need OU Sow m n e n n ipV 
I #o3 
I t F IA T 174 w a go n Soot 3*4-o1*2 
»4 F IA T « IO C , h i. r f l i t ,ie F ar t o r v o n 
A M FAA 
IO ODO a n L ik e n e * 1 
SAMU AOI OSM 

It 
IO U CAN U U * A HI I TC P b u l l r S M A LL (A H t u t u t i 
DRE Y j » t o CO*A 
BUY I t 

ISKI WKs CMYKs Sudanis 
C A IL 
P A t 
MT I U 1 
13 T i N S # N m T a L I V S po rty co. ta n v a rlib ie g it tope deck 
14ooo m i ts * M k en vide 11 le va i t l l ti A y i i A N~C M i’* 
I ‘f t " A ,. 
A M 

I t L o t u s C u r Cipo Spec 'OI 
S ypevO i odin o n I I t t a t 

NO RTH LO O P VOL K SA A O I N 
1J7 7121 
*971 t in d e n ts -.b u m Rd 
N o ir t h in OOO ROR SC ME A u b r t i l * N C LOO P n o 
424 3214 
____ 
72 ORCL o f ' 
Sport topge SIEB# IJJ o142 
W A G O N 
A u 
I 
IH M 
74 
■OO t 'Pl 
IO OPE L W ugon gold 44oo tirm 
44oo S N t h BAI A U N * L L S 43J 1 JOO 
P A N T # "# I " m 
41 1.9oo 
C A L L 
424 J J M , N m ta 4am 
71 P m lo 
CB ala 

 t i P O R S C H E 914. l l o) 
A M t M . 
CB. k lr a ik 
2 ooo m i on n ew ana a nd iro n y lo w O na 
D ille y 
N ew 
R " " " CPH 
41* l * 4s Otte r A p rn 
74 PORSCHE VII, 7 o 
_____ 
C A L L 222 J H I 
♦S'p'o V sCt"*L I Sn?" Hinr k , adod 
(Qni)il»on a ir A tte r 6 pm 
14? 71 IQ 
*9 PORSCHE f l i c I ARO A Load w l 
47oO<i 
Serious m a u tres only 
6*o (TIA 
TO PORSCHE V II T 
»2>-#S74 j iV IJ p ’o R S C H t O tlT , air'", A M J M k e n . ..b a rk y s s p e e d r i r « l l « n 
■ I'lm n Vt AM) f til' > in 3 JJS lim 
| ■* 
>j or 3 tg IO asp ?#Q4 
SPORTS CAR 
74 SAAB S u n e tiT ri 
B ea u tifu l p m * t a r it.OOO M ile * I s p u d . S te re o , R o ll B o r . R a d ia l f ir e * . N e v e r R a c e d 
L ib * N e w t i * * ) 644 Q IU 
14 Subaru W o i t a l M i m stereo air 47 OOO 444 49oo_____ ______ to k e over d o rm a n t!, on 14* VW No eootly Calf 
124 OPIO aah to r F re d otter I 922 TISI 

•vote Cai o lio 71 
S ta n d a rd s h ift tp» una ble t i o n y p o rlo tio n E o n ny tao 4/3o 434 t o l l 

69 T a vnto C orona 34 o7)o m i of best ottpi >?l 9 ))f 
M I 

7J T O V O ! A C o ro lla D ' lijn r 2 ijo o r . a ii ic 427oo 113 6388 
>2 TOYOT A Cor OOO MR ll j O v r . cl. a ir , -jlei-i ra d ia l'. M u*.! go th |y w e e k 1 A ll o tte rs c o n s id e re d 
342 6)27 eves 
T O v o ta T ” 7o~4 d oo r, a ir. a r t r o t 
Good co n d itio n 4*o o o r b ea t o fte r 
VTJ 1*44 V77VS4o 
I t TO Y O TA w ith a* I 3oo4 641 4711 

74 T rium ph B on n eville 13o lik e new only 6oo m iles m u st sell C o il a rie l 
971 MO 4 

(3 T riu m p h S p itfire , 1 
. rn S'iiiI evenings m p h TRO. fu lly loaded 
? row dltlan. SJIQO 344 8779 t i T R IU M P H TP I L ik e n e * C fjTT 
178 6736. 87? /STV 
73 T R IU M P S p itfire c o n v r l i b i r . low m i 47894 3 JI At ST_______ 
IO I B 6 New ra d ia ls header s, ey honsl system 36,ooo m l needs ru g w o rk $73oo Eves 69o 4217 

VW ENGINES S179.5o 
R E B U IL T A G U A R A N T IE D in s ta lle d 
6 M O N TH S or 6.ooo M IL E S 
LA R G E STOCK U S E D P A R TS 
A M E R IC A N BUG C E N T E R 

828-63o? 
15 VW R a b b it, a ir. a m tm ra d io 
47494 o2-4157 
________ _ 
WO R A B B IT A M F M . g re a t gas I m ileage 421*4 144 4VHI 
IP W I7 « fl 
'71 VW S a u u ro b a c k 
S ta n d . o ~ , 
417*3 C oll 
6(1 JV/1 
____ 
7J VW , (to n d a rd A ir a m tm , sun roof, fu e l in ie c fio n 
473oo 4*4 !4)» eves, w eekends 
U t VW S U RER BUG 
________N ice 4174o IJJ 8137_______ 
*4 VW V e ry n im 474o nr b est o fte r 
444 147/ 

74 e n g in e , 4 4*4 
918 Cars for Sale or Trade 

...4 R « ... *1987 
7 3 KKtft. fhfrttw D94AA. Ii## 

£"■ 
‘ 178o 

3 
*2 1 5 7 

2 r 
* 
' ------- • *1957 

4 
M 
M i l l 
, o»* 
Mf DQ 
,c 
CA ten UU. a H 
, 
5 pwrwfk, 
*4752 

 us 
M4VI9U«.7ta*i >ia-4ait6 
14 Ooh 
-u T 
*228o 
CALL Of LA BOSA 
3 4 1 .9 4 3 3 
9 8 o o SAN PEDRO 
OPEN SUNDAY 

J A N U A R Y 

# | | 

73 Vecio HobbbiKk Auto, air Li4» 
'I VV 4*3o 649 78o6 a rie l 6 
73 Volkswagen aper Beetle. * speed, radio, air conditioned 
41**3 
O T TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
*4oo SAN PEDRO 
343 USA 

VOLKSWAGEN 
Party Service Cary 
ASS IIH 
VOLK SW AGON 
CONVERTIBLE 
CALL: ti 4 11o3 
Af VOLVO A I condition, stand 
43So Call ASA I * J/ 
IO VOLVO 1*4, die powe. y leering, b rakes, todio New point Good an d itio n 
$174o toke tra d e 
o7* I MO, t i l 3412 eves weekends 
1*71 Voive 147 2 fHkir. nutn and od 
I «r C lie n t c o n d I o w m i A s k in g 

: Wayne, JVI 
-,pd 
JAI V 

/1 VOLVO U t S * speed, a n . am Im udio 11*94 *79 444* ti VOL VU nudged, air AM f M nil 4)3oo 497 HOS 
>L VO S tab 
47*oo 19? 2 
Wago 

77 VOL VO Wagon E rcellent rand . auto , air, low mileage 
I owner 
43274 4)4 o)44 
74 VW air, radii radial*- u*/ i i VW B IE T L E 
Ct blue. new tirgs. dual ektractaes, 
$1o6o 
433-7297 
__________________ _ 
7« VW Bt t TLL 
1 
Best atter .it ll SA 
Al VW Boe tit. sunroof 
4AUO or best otter 4 34 44AA i i v w 
AAI 1oo4 
BU G , ru n t g re a t $794 

------------------------------- 

 it vw 
227 UA7 
BUS 
Must sell 
TSTF 

VW Camper Van E itra nice 

 ti VW C AMP MOBIL k 
Super Geed one* Pap In etr 77 mpg 1)14 Culebi s 
A* V * ! 'f hr am.' X 
. 

*179* A 
o, b un ks 

It VW DASHER auto air 
*744o 133 8147_____________ 
44 VW Duni-tinggv with 
V itro e e l 724 4*44 
7* .-rig, 

74 VW to w mi . e tr ellen kiiiho air l l H l 1 Iff 9J>4/ 

Ist-of-the 

7 
7 s o n SALE 

* 4oo NEW CAR5 
TO CHOOSi TROM 

Ar 15o USED CARS 

AT SPECIAL SAVINO) 

M ^ m p lt ill-M c C o in b s 

• W E S T S I D E • 

42o7 W eOIXUMRC! 
* 4 3 3 - 1 4 6 4 

BANK 
R E P O S 
64 ap to 1974 models No down paym ent with 
I qualified credit 
Ash for Woody. 
433 1448 
BE Ali T IF U L Coupe D e v ille , ti 
Cadillac Lidhl M. tgllir blue. wbiti v in y l to p f le a n lo a d e d 
A s k in g snob 1 urns ?? 1 ?7s; r n tty, 

BIG COUNTRY EORO 
Son Antonio 
Coll 
727 o84o 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C HR YSI F R 
PLYMOUTHS 
VOL ARES 
DODGE VANS 
DODGE AND CMC PICKUPS 
82) No Main Boc rne 249 3344 
D IR E C T L IN ! 
724 4414 
Joy G arrett Sales Mg no get 
I i B O N N I V IL L E . I door coupe 
Priced to sell Still under warranty 
Jim Maiden *24 g ill 

IIN Al G O SE O U I 
1976 MODELS fUIUSS SUPRIMf 3. 4,ooo nu 
MONT! CARLO S-PtNlO S f ne v i r n 5 * e m u is 
11O* MAUK al Airport tty# 
342-95*4 

A IR W A Y S R E N T A CAR 
197* CARS FOR S ALL 
341 87IT 
C o rn er A irp o rt B lv d and H o lm Rd 
ALAIM O T O V O ? A 
A cra sy F ro m A irp o rt t i t O IH 
*14 N I _LOOP 416 
IO A m b a ssa d o r 4 door s ta n d 'o id . auto J U tra cle an *4 4o 352/ Cu ltb r o 
74 A M C 
P AC # B~ it s t a n d a r d tra n sm issio n , a ir 
4248o 
J im . 
A tt 4411 
A S S U M E * 
P A Y M R N Y { , 
T 4 
COUGAR K R E r a il 924 4474 

BAD CREDIT? 

P A D G E T T S U sed C ars 

IVO V i f P l P H F ! 
S IV S A V I 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A VA IX A B U 
Tyke up p a y m e n ts w ith gutM tfted e n d ii 
A p p lic a tio n s a c ie p to d b y phone Ne «»• p in uturns re fuse d 
MR 
E A R L 
721 1414 

I97J B lu rb C e n tu ry L u lu s 
L oo de d l 
43494 
TOM B t NSON IM P O R T S 
94o6 SAN P E D R O 
141 1344 

I J B u ic k C e n tu ry I u ru s w a go n 
L ike new 828 434) o fte r 7 4*4o3o1 

• l l BU dunes 
212JL2L t i B U IC K E le c tr a , lo o e d 
N e w tire s , nice * to o t M o tk , JVI 4611 
48 HUIC K I Ie r i m 274 
48 8oo good cond 448 9147 i t B uick E le c tro 774, a u la » door h o n ito p 
I * tr o 
Cleon 
4486 1477 
C u le bra 

 t i B U IC K E s ta te W a g o n , a ir , p ow e r w in d o w s b ro k e s , s te e rin g 
9 p a ssenger 41474 (74 4444 
___ 
B uick Ik ; I le S g b re J door Loaded 
E r tr a nice 47 M I m ite s 47138 con 
Sider tra d e 874 V M I «*« 7774 

H B uick Le S rjbrr 
Tully equ ip pe d .m n a .k in g iioOO til 74 

J d o o r, 
. OW! 

'49 B U IC K lo S o b r e 
A ir , pa w a r, 
*994 V e ry cla w s 1 494 t ( l 4 __ 
_ ro c Les 
I OnrlltlOf ll BUTC k L im iie d Wile-1 than 
SD,ODO m i 
M in i 

 iv B U IC K R e g a l 
I o a rtu d T im m g r alate ■ 4 47(o C oll 
(24 4(78 

49 Bi 
R iv ie ra tool) 
1/ 1o*6 

AUTOMOBILES D(S)C 
AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 

MISSION CHEVROLET’S 
Y a iiin v e ls a ly 

1 o % no* cjHvcsrstcsgw et our 
^ 
| | 
SOT W M m r " 
A tsnivw rsrjry spw tiols to put 
V p l i H i yoi»r#gjlf if* a now cor or tru ck- 
W e hove purchased a group of 
N o va coupe* and M alib u coupe* tho* a re being o ffe re d , w hile 
♦hey la **, a * Hie lo w e ** price# in tow n . You w ill find our lorge selection a f pickup*, V a n * and B lazer* o lio a t A n n iver*ary 
Sale prices. 

WWIfWAiLS, 
PFUIX! WHIM 
CAVUS 
OftJORAl wit* 
NOVA 2-DooR COUPE 
FEATURES: 
W e have m ade a special purchase o f a num ber o f those p o p u la r N o v a 
S p o rt C dupes to ©Tier d u rin g this sale. Each is e q u ip p e d w ith a 2 5 o C ID 16 e ng in e, sta n d ard 3 speed transm ission, tin te d g lass, w in d sh ie ld a nte nn a , v in y l bench seats, ca rp e tin g a nd ra d ia l tires A n n iv e rs a ry S ole Price is o n ly 

 the little cheeper dealer 

\ 
Orl 

^ 3 , 4 6 9 
^M ISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 
Dolly Snni-9 pn* 
-A C O 1 1 jo*. $ an*-* pm 

U FI OYER SALE! 

76 WAS A GROO YEAR- 
HERE AB I SOM E LEFT O VE# * THAT HUST oo! 

'7 4 T O Y O T A 
'” ' * ‘ 2495 

7 4 O LD S 9 8 

'i n A 
L l C B / ' l ID V COUGAI. whits body, whita vinyl nmrf. burk an $tyM Baal 
/ $ 
M C K V r U K Y whoah. ptww A o9. pm My rn. St* *13138 # « $J9o) 
$3 5 ^ 5 

7 4 P O N T IA C I 
$2995 

I Y C 
C l ID A D I I 9/1 $t®hw o9*96, cnngnwh brawn, ton mhrw, poww Uawwj. 
/ O 
S U D A K U outomqhi, n , anfy 9,ooo mkn, lh* CWI A f mw. SA ^-847, M i n e wok 12995. to w ................. .................................. .............................. ............... 
4 * * V 3 
7 4 P O N T IA C r S T -’ H iS r - H i 
H T ” ‘ 2695; 
7 2 P O N T IA C 
*179 5 ' 

' 7 4 
CTS D D 
BRITO Stehm Wogen iMinemw htewn/Ion interw, 4<o#9d. Acylwdw. l l / y r 
/ • I r V l K U rn. <9nry mo# wtwaH. moi htto cot, SfL f> *91 A, wm$19C4 Haw . 
' I O 
/ 5 

 r n A n /* \ A I T I A 7“ 
GIANDVK1I Caup*, dwimnd bkw whda ymV 19*2, ggam oaiw 
/ 4 r U r i I I A v iuivrv wtanar, igart whaah. laodad. pwwar. rn. bmuhtul 2-daa>, t a a g r 
SA #16AH. am >2595, H aw .............................. ...................................... .......... 
J I V O 

7 3 BUICK 
‘ 2788 

 rn A 
D F M s IT I K C 
CATAUNA Adaw hotdtaa. gnan, batga weyt taal, haiga inNnar, 
I n 
I W I * I IH L v a via mala pow ar tiaann* A hmm. aa. rn wangnty **9 * l l A A C 
«hla - ski aa a. St* *6-681 A was $2493 Now................................. ................... 
I 
V 3 

 i n n n A S I T I A r 
GI AND SAFA*! Sfohan Wmar t i wUh ku^oady .-lanw vwyl, 
7 3 P O N T IA C 3 WH todamag. AMTS.mwma.ri WI rn • SA #l! $ 1o A A 
IQM. wok $19RS. Flaw 
I U V V 

 i n n n / S S I T I A T CATALINA 2-daar hor Atap, bright bg*.'wha* tao, biwa mtgrm. 

Sri fT »3 8 
4 i J *T "to w **” n’ W ” * * * p* * * r k)*9»- w h a W k . rn wgranty 
$ | ^ Q Q 

 r n A n /*S A IT I A r 
CATALINA Adaw burgandv with burgandy wn*( latanw. paw ar 
I n P U N T I A C . 
Ream#, eidemori W y Md# meld***! rn pawer brot* Im * $ n C A C 
•A fw d M m # Nm*, ,» Sri #7 744 wm $299* Haw 
’ I O V O 

 i n n 
Q A k l T I A T * 
CATAUNA Adaar hr* angina md. hkxk wtgnw, hady uda maid 
H ly a* 
*$!?*? 
9vtamah«, anty *4 ooo m.tai, 

CV J 
D A U T I A / * CATAUNA 4 Baar bmg* whiH ital, -main (alar vinyl intwwr, 
/ n r V / n 11 MV. body sd* mekhngt. an pawn, Ilaar—g A broke outamoi*. SA A AC gaad W i or. SA * 3 TO*, wa. $799? tow 
1<*Vo 

 i n c 
B A L I T I A ^ GRANO U HAFIS 7daar SiNw, bkg* b wad mat. biod wad it*. 
/ o 
“ U N I I A v taraa. carnate budat saori tom rota m w , body wda wakhngi tobwbaab AM F4t vary sharp baking. Sri |A SOSA, ««. $4*4*. 
*3995 

» 7 4 
D A U T I A A 
GRAF® PRIX. itch bkt# baby, whoa vwyl tmf, wha. wnyl wNna, 
/ n r U fo I I A v buck ah A caaaaia, how rota rn*tars bahay camb mogt bod? w *3795 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
7 1 1 B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 7 -5 o 4 1 
9 2 o B R O A D W A Y 
OPEN EVENING S 

. l l 1 
Mum 
’7 6 FIREBIRD 
I 
ESPRIT ~ 

ALL POWER, AIR, 
AUTOMATIC, ONLY 
1 4 ,o o o MILES. 

SALE 
E 
Q 
C p r ic e d . . . 
9 
7 i 

TINDALL and SON PONTIAC-GMC 
3 9 o o San Pedro 
7 3 6 -1 5 6 1 

BUICK Htvwrg. t i Gram Sbort. gg 
* gutty- lolly up IMI, rn von, Randy 
481 U t 7 

4* BUICK Skylark Grand Sport V I, auto, oowar. tortory air. like now 
114*3 Will It od# *73-2883 i'r BUICK Skylark 4 door, aw V I, 
* 1894 4to437« 
Butfk <k yfrirk 
Ti \s6 V(."'o iff It 
*8 B u ick ywiidiai ••ra titu t 1 nim 
♦inn (W arr 'Ivy tiny hr ak ai, win dew' taal 
New tiros 
*i.6o6 

74 CADILLAC CPE REVILLE 
!-OOO wgrrpnty, 87>-o!9/ 
18 CADILLAC RL OOH ADO 
_______SHARRI I i i 941? 
13 f on 11 lew 11 Dorado, fu lly ieodti?. y *t oMitmt fQ ttdifton 54/5o- H27 ?!9 S 
»o CADILLAC ('Dorado Baa gas. tica lto n l rand Heavy duty brith 
# afros 4219) 49) IJJ? 
’I* L odiiloc KL DOR A OO la n d a u top loodod I owner Mint rn rut . law tot- 829-H73 
'rn / AO*I I Ac1. F. rf nllnnl ( oit-Ji'ion 
8 OOO mr W I) a? at 73____________ 
71 ( A 6 h I AC F Ift-lwoor) Brough am 
I i t t-pliengl cai'd itn io , law nleogt tv? ?*y a r a 
; 
7 * ac 

6* C a d illa c S4oO *44 N o t 
I < ii.riiiar f ftnTT,--' Whit* "iifiTh?! 

F I ga I w Odd 
■in n it t a lly Ion At I. lh' 
Ila ro a d knttn m ilas akft 4*7?. n gm a p h o na no,, w ill u p tu rn oil at about 7 p m , ar rail 

71 CadlMoc Sedan D e v ille 

F rdiiiio ihfjrp 

H C 4 D H I AC C o u|)A ■ Q rV iiiT 
Loo dad. lout troika- CB. new twas 
Afotionly $3948 >43 1484 ti e l m 
AC TOU at Bo V IHC* 
S t'll in w a rra n ty , a ll ( a d illa r a u ip tird 
(o «€«g t s u n ro e ll Ft rewMst groan tan iN U h ti in tar tar 
Like nam 4**49 rgU Jim 441 4411 
'4 ( o rjitia r C a iijir- D a v illa va 
Clwaii I owner Bi , i it I ?4* 7488 

44 ( A D n ’T A r «» r| 
4 doer aood cond tsw 
46'» iv ( oditior Sedan Davilla nri *hlT, i ar mal t.o in , , inter mr maar a 
IS MIO mr Can 4*1*87® atter 3 th 
I’ M 

'7 1 C a d i l l a c Sedan D e v i l l e t o k e o v a r p a y m e n ts , r a t ! J o h n 
•mill ,.4V av 44 
II CA D IL TAC^4adon~ New radio?) r»Cfnl work *1974 4*4 * I (a 

'7o Comoro, ow ronddienad. power stoat trig 
Like new 
(24 9S64 or 
M I 2937 
4# Comoro, auto I door hardtop 
44*8 1477 Culobro 
I* CAMARO, dean 724 AV44 
M AK# PAYMENTS TAK# TRADE 
CAMARO is'^u^lyloajed, law rrM 
M u s t iw il 
B e s t n tta r 
/ i i 6 )2 6 o r 
I JO >o?) a lta r 4 pm 
_73 Comoro, l a a d t J lV lt o rlaah 
876 *444 or MI-7937 
7$ CAMARO 
Loodttl, taka in tr payments no down 111 8411 M ono 
I? Comoro N u #' V4*9\* 
Toke Trodn Makr F*aymkitls 
41 CAMARO I i i V I, a u tn '’ yoiTy r leqn. >14o9 47 4 84** 4 « # rn 
6# f'IMAKO VS, HU ti# |ir, mT*i»/4 ‘ "*** Mtoirr* good rend 

 ll) CAMARO 348 VI. Slrvel Mgslar mon. tot ii Hailey I bbl carburetor auto, r leon 4)4oo lit rn 144 13 )6 
I? Cuprite 4 door harolap g’nln t . r g wk# 41798 1477 f uribr u 
Ii CAPRI S I888 

WSI 
1o Cotolino good lions 
________ >194 toll 149 »TJ4 
4* C H #V E LL# Main, 
' s .- T T d i jiig ili.in * 16* 3 (J > ,,SQ 

' " ’m T h # V IL L # m a i Vb u T d r - out* pawer aw. 
( a ir terms, t il 4944 

74 Chay Manta V t Ante. air 
"lies Mast sell STatS t«i 737/ 
It C hevr 
I aoOr-rl 
I 3J8 7 6 /t 

 lei L o y u n o 
) I, ii 
*49o/1 
I 5)8 26 

16 r hevr ole! M aliha ClflSSK Io n dan Coupe, 11,OOO miles Factory warranty 
*4393 171 *34) aller 
7 4*4 9381_________ __ 
I* Chevrolet Monte Carle Landau. very clean 87* 4144 atter I 4*4o1o1 
/2 Chevret*! Malibu 4 door very 
J leon *7* 614) Otter 7 6*4 9JO J _ 
1*71 Che r-q iiip p e d , lo w m i 
736 1969 d a y 
684 o*84 n ights one) w ee) e n d ) 
78 Chevy t e l A ir. Auto 4 d ee r 
Sedan 
Retro clean 
44*8 
34?/ 
Culebra 

'73 C H E V Y C A P R I C E 

 ti Chevy Copt ne I door hardtop 
21 ooo miles 434*3 Ask tar Dave t i ) 146« 
___ 
6* CHL v V I aprrre, radio OM 
)*6 
V I. awfu Good cond 4)o*3 Ray. 
Ftm esrilia H 11*| 47?o __ 
4* C n ifv V impala I door agr dine 
Vt arr ta Goad lr tmspctr lotion yins tmnn n n | nr ruinate ?(4 441o ti Che v y iM P A u r 
Slondord V O, |7 *) 
TOM Bt NSON IMPORTS 
*3oo SAN HK DRQ 
|4) USV 
*4 C H #VV IMPALA TdoaT nato 
• tHviM tim t i lr a 
(tent* 
%Sf% l h i l i t 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy Jonuory 9 1977 

EXPRESS-N EW S B OM OS A P S 
2 LINES 
IO DAYS 
"nSSKE *A L' 2 2 5 - I 6 6 6 uSESSoi 
QUICK RESULTS! 

D 
O 
C 
' AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES _ ) < 3 ) 
AUTOMOBILES DOC 
AUTOMOBILES 

SEUS • LEASES • RENTS 
YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD 
FROM GILLESPIE—HERE'S HOW! 

4 speed transmission, bucket seats, etc. Stock |I221o. 
$7J29* 

*$73.29 per month for 49 months on approved credit with $495 cash or trade down. Cash sale price $3287. 
Annual percentage rate 11.83, defer­ red price $4o12.92. State tai, license tetra. 

'77 PINTO 2 - d r . 
'7 7 GRANADA 
- d r . 
25o cut in. 6 cylinder, whitewall radial tires, power steering, tinted glass, 4 speed overdrive, etc., stock 
#7867. 

*$97.94 per month for 48 months on approved credit with $595 cash or trade dawn. Cash sale price $4326, annual percentage rate 11.83, defer­ red price $5296. 12, state tai, license eitra. 

77 LTD 4-dr 
Air conditioned, 351 VS, cruiseomatk transmission, power steering AM ra­ dio, wheel covers, tinted glass, etc., stock #2879 
$97’4* 
$1o969* 
$|2J6o* 
I 

*$1o9.69 per month for 6o months on approved credit with $595 cash or trode down, cash sale price $5383, annuo! percentage rate 13.31, defer­ red price $7176.4o, state tai, license extra. 

77 THUNDERBIRD 
Air conditioning, vinyl roof, exterior decor group, tinted glass. AM radio, bodyside moldings, etc Stk #2761 

*$127.6o per month for 6o months on approved credit, with $595 cosh or trode down, cosh sale price $6165, annual percentage rate 13.31, deter­ red price $8251, state tax, license e i­ tra. 

■3oo Ie <5oo Off ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

2 3 11 B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 7-14 15 
7 4 MONT! CARIO 
$3495 
75 RITI 2-dr., 
9,ooo miles.......................... $4595 
73 VOLVO 2-dr 
$2995 
75 THUNDERBIRD 2-dr. . . $6195 
7 1 CUTLASS Supreme 2-dr. $ 1895 
75 CHEVY Nova 2-dr.. . . $3195 
75 CUTLASS Supreme 2-dr.$4295 
75 PONTIACTrons Am 2-dr$5o95 
75 GRANADA 
2-dr., 4M33A................. $3495 
75 PINTO 2-dr 
$2695 
75 BUICK Regal 4-dr......... $3495 
’69 DODGE 2-dr , hardtop $1195 
7o FALCON 4-dr 
$1195 

27-SrDOOGlOM,,,#n9#:...$ l 2 9 5 
72 TOYOTA 2-dr 
$1275 

2755 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

923-4541 
75 CHEV. C-2o Custom Deluxe 
Pickup 
...............$4395 
76 GRANADA Ghia 4-dr.. $4395 
•69 BUICX Skylark 4-dr... $ 895 
72 LTD 4-dr.................... $2o95 
7 4 IMPALA 4-dr 
$2895 
73EQRD MOO 
Custom pickup 
$2595 
74 CAPRIC! 4-dr 
$3395 
75 GREMUN.......................... $2595 
73 CUTLASS 
Supreme hardtop.............$2995 
'66 LTD 4-dr.................... $ 625 
7 2 MAVERICK 2-dr 
$1695 
7 4 CHEV. C-2o pickup . . . $3495 
'74 FORD Custom pickup 
$2995 
7 3 CAPRI. . . ............... $ 85o 

2o14 GOLIAD RD. 333-672o 
'66 MUSTANG V-8, a ir .. 
$1595 
7 1 MUSTANGV-8,air . . . $2195 
'66 DATSUN 16oo conver. 
$1495 
7 1 IMPALA 4-dr., cdr, power............................. 
*2o95 
72 PONTIAC GTo, air, power................................ 
$2895 
76 PINTO 2-dr . automatic, 8ooo miles.......................................... 
$3o95 
'71 VW Sguareback wager), automatic, m r.................... 
$1795 
73 GAI AXIT SOO, 4-dr hardtop, 
$2195 

$ 695 

$3495 

 loaded 
7o PONTIAC Catalina hardtop, as i s ....................... 
'75 GRANADA, Air, power, automatic, 6 .......................... 
74 CJ1FV. Cheyenne pickup, power air ............................. 
$3595 
73 FORD F-25o, air, 4-speed.............................. 
$2495 
71 FORD Bronco 4i4, V-8, automatic................................ 
$4895 
'65 CHEV, VS ton 
SWI, 6, standard 
$895 

1722 AUSTIN HW Y. 

826-3287 

7o TOYOTA Coup#...........$ 791 
7 4 FORD Ranger 
Xii pickup..................... $2982 
75 FORD ITO 
2 dr hardtop ..................... $3691 
75 FORD Ranger 
XLT pickup............................. $4/6o 
75 GRANADA 2-dr. clean $3625 
74 MAZDA 4-dr. loaded 
$2343 
73 CAPRI 2-dt 
$1678 
'72 GREMLIN 2-dr 
$1463 
76 ELITE 2-dr. • hardtop looded 
$4673 
7 4 DODGE auh cab pickup................................$ ?9 $i 
71 MAZDA Coupe 
$ 598 

^ 
- o 
A 
X m r . 
3 “ You Can Afford A FORD From Gillespie Ford” ^ 
GILLESPIE® 

TRUCK 8 JHP DIPT 
2411 BROADWAY 
227-1419 
76 FORD Bronco 2-dr., air, power, AM-fM ...................... $5994 o2 FORD '6 Ton IWB 
Pickup, standard.....................$ 687 
73 RANCHIRO Pickup, 8, automatic, power, air . . . 
$2946 
73 JEEP Custom Wogonoer, 
4-dr, a ir ................................... 
W?92 
7 3 JEEP Custom Wegoneer, 
4-dr., a ir ................................... 
$3817 . 
'74 JEEP Custom Wogonoer, 
4-dr., air, power.................$4787 
'74 CHEV. Suburban 9-pass.. 4-whe#| dr., 8, auto, power, a ir ... $4487' n run ii 1-/5U ’/»ton IWB 
Ranger XLF, o ir ...........................$3386 
75 FORD F-15o IWB Ranger XLF 
Super C a b ......................................$3991 
75 FORD F-1oO VS Ton IWB 
Pickup, air......................................$3571 
75 CHW. Vs tan PJI. Aw. compar shall . . . 

23oo Broadway • 227-141 I 
2311 Broadway • 227-1415 

2411 Broadw ay* 227-1419 

2755 S.W. Military • 923-4541 

2o14 Goliad toad • 3*3-672o 

1722 Austin Hwy. • B26-'2S7 

S E L L S • L E A S E S • R E N T S 

 l o etc / Lo o k / l o o k / 
BARGAINS ★ BARGAINS ★ BARGAINS 
SAVE $3oo TO $8oo DURING THIS SALE 
DEALERS WELCOMED — BRING YOUR TAX NUMBER! 
REMEMBERS lf you don’t buy your car from TINDALL’S you'll pay too much! 

7 2 B O N N E V I L L E L l ! . E ? ' ? ! * * 4* 4 . 

7 2 m o n t e g o i Z 
: * * 4: . * ? 
" - . " * * ' ' : . fw A •• s u i m u UMons 4-dr. hardtop, looded. Just like 
7 2 L U X U R Y new Ju s t.......................................................................... 

7 3 L E M A N S 
Safari Station Wagon, looded. 
Just............................................................................. 
• v a rvrs t x a a 
Convertible loaded, only ane in city. 
7 3 D e l t a d o ju s t.......................................................................... 

7 3 G R A N D P R I X 
S f i k L ".Just 

* 1 o 8 8 

* 1 6 8 8 

* 2 1 8 8 

* 2 1 8 8 

* 2 9 8 8 

* 3 2 8 8 

* 7 3 B U I C K ju T * * 
" 
* 
' k®* * - ■ a*»* ,i|,# 
$ 2 2 8 8 

• m e w H Y I a r r 
Supreme 2-dr. hardtop, loaded. Just Tike c a o o o 
7 4 C U H A ) ) new. Just ............................................... 
3 3 o o s v n A l i m fo* SPoft Co*»P*' heater, factory air, c a p O O 
7 4 A U D I 
AM/FM, low miles, just like new. Ju s t.......... 
2 ) o o 
7 4 C A P R I C E 
* dr loaded, excellent condition. $ 2 5 g g 

 t e r r D A s m D D I V Loaded with AM/TM stoma, pawer 
/ ) U K A t T U r n l A windows A soot, cruise control. I J J t a 
Best Buy in city f a r ...............................4 4 8 8 tm m m, I T r 
2-dr. hardtop, loaded with AM/FM stereo, driven , . J O O 
7 ) t l l T L only 9,ooo miles. Just 
............................................* 4 4 8 8 

' 7 $ T R A N S A M i ^ 
. d™ * * .“ !, . " T . ' " : ' , , : . . . . , 4 5 8 8 l y r e n a a m m i I c d-dr., hardtop, loaded with AM/FM 
7 ) u K A N U V I L L f c stereo t frock, pawer windows I seat, tilt wheel, cruse central door lacks. Just 
Sport Coupe, leaded, lust like new. 
* 4 5 8 8 

7 5 L E M A N S 
..................* 3 5 8 8 i i r r i u i n n leaded with AM/FM. Showroom con- 
7 ) C A M A R O aition. Ju s t.......................................................................* 4 1 c o 
I y e ^ A Y A l l k l A ^-dr. hardtop, leaded, tilted wheel, s e a o o 
I O C A T A L I N A cruise control, sold new by us. Just . . . . . 4 J O O 

7 6 F I R E B I R D 
",B ,t * 4 5 8 8 

7 5 G R A N A D A 
.........................‘ 3 4 8 8 

' 7 5 G M C just**!™. .? .!? . r y e c n o n Courier Pickup, radio, heater, arr conditioning, . . . . . 
/ ) i U K U like new. Just ............................................................................... 2 / O O 
• T C r u / * 
^ ° 1SK ’4 tan Pickup loaded with 454 . . . . . 
7 ) O M C engine. SaW new by us. Just....................................................*4288 

' 7 6 M O N T E C A R I O S t t . . , * ! ” " . ” " , . . ! 4’T 
. . ’ 4 8 8 8 

' 7 6 G R A N D P R I X i £ r dJ f “ ' . * ‘ ~ . . * - , . " ’<* t. . ‘ 4 8 8 8 

7 5 C A T A L I N A 
. ‘ 3 5 8 8 

7 o G R A N D P R I X 
.................. ‘ 1 1 8 8 

• 7 1 G R A N K T " " " ” " T 
! l“ 4* 4' u “ l 
» 1 5 8 8 

' 7 1 T R A N S A M r n 
L r K t i ’ ^ 
S 
' L , ; , k ', '.* 2 6 8 8 

7 3 C U T L A S S condition. Just 

’ 7 5 C U T L A S S 

’ 7 6 C U T L A S S £ 
T “ 
* 4 7 8 8 

'6 9 g m c 

7 1 L E M A N S i i . ‘ * * ^ 
. ' ^ 
. ' " 
. “ — 
. . . . ‘ 1 8 8 8 

’ 7 3 G R A N D A M a ? * 4 
“‘ 2 6 8 8 
MANY, MANY MORE FINE CARS TO CHOOSE FROM 
TINDALL and SON PONTIAC— GMC 
3915 SAN PEDRO 
736-156 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

12 MONTHS OR 12,ooo MILES 
COVERAGE ON M AJOR MECHANICAL REPAIRS 
★ MOTOR S INSURANCE C O R P O R A TIO N * 

76 MONTE CARIO LANDAU ire? y*4V Automatic* 
Transmission. power steering. power broket, oir « » - ) ( JQ C dltioaed. radio, white ddewoHi, becket root*, console. J v i J 
76 CAPRICE SEDAN y^p^Lr broket, air conditioned. radio, white tide walls- < r d u |in n r control. t«t wheel........................................................................................N A T ) 

•J Chevy tmpole J deer bardie# litre titan MHS Ash .ar 6rep. 
Mb 16*4 
>*<th*-r • 
4 doer 
A s h P e r a r e g S U l « H 

** " C h e v y h m e w e a d w o a o n 
» 
I 
Oeedcewdrtten IHM M I / *** m w 
» * y Mokba 72 beden Small V t, r. pawer clean cenditren A tx in* 
1o4 SU IMI ll C H IV Y Moo be Chis*-. 
M i U l M . 443*o4o4 

CMI VV MONT* CARIO. -ti AM- 
PM tier ae ieee. cruise. 
IU N et* *9 » 
_____________ ______ 
»I Chevy Mania J pius ), » o ft m ile * One awner L o a d e d Ile fiat. e » t i t l l 

I f U C h e v y Menre lll f l 
AM f a r O V-455-1444 ilia Chevy Nev a. 1*54 " 

 i ir e i iS M w i w Ase? a s IS I-1 Aaa 

N O V A 
M e l 

SI VOO 42* r. t*i, I * a m , 
4 2o7ft ar vee of ell Hor 

14 C H IV Y V ft Cr A tlfftft Call jet tan anytime 
_ 
_ 
.___ 
CHf VY et VI ttaaderd. real nice ttf> HA H M itftf Chevy wata'n lu k e evtr payments AW toe O Y 433 14o4 

)»»$ Chaw * aatsenaer stone® watan 
Lauded 
1)111 flit tar 
« —??• *,H 
— 
------------- 
12 Chevy Supe' loaded Cleon 
. it Yaikiwaaen taudreback ...... 
St Chevy imaaiu Hor atap , 
• . 
IO Mercury fereuahum. leaded. bkt 

CANTAR AUTO SALt i ie» i»o 6 i h v i> ? n 4 *> i» _ a CHB VY tuner leer I vt, aula.. pew et r e c t o r y air- toed m e r bannet cen# tits hr ii! Node IU 1*41 

IS C H * V I I 
C A L L 
I l a i i CNR V T I AR c^ r SS aa 
Must tell it OOO mile* New car 
"2 ? ’ * J L S r n f i n t i c h o VIL k H Cardava Pelt e Quipped 
I ewner Very law 

CMC VY WAGON lf Kings wood lauded *9 ooo mi One>nel owner tin s day* t i t tots, 11 >set 4tn 
7ft Chrysler aute 4 deer hardtop 
I .ir a met | j w 
C y jg fc j_____ 

75 FORD LTD WAGON inj^ p t» « r brake*, ok conditioned, radio, 

75 HONDA WAGON 2T3 S 
* .TT* *2495 
75 IMPALA SEDAN p o ^ r , , o Q n brake*, air conditioned, radio, whlto sidewall*................. 
O T T ) ta r CA A U T C f A D I A CrMm' 
9 -1, automatic trent- 
7 9 lY lU P IIt L A K I U ml**ion, power steering, power i r i A r braket, air conditioned, radio, white sidewall* . . . . . 
H w y ) 
75 MONZA 2 + 2 HATCHBACK motj<9 frammlnion, power it coring power braltai, air conditioned, radio 
A A P wHitep liddPwolH. buck*! coniole................................... 
3ZV5 
75 PONTIAC ASTRA SJ tfrtrinfi, cdr coibdttiowof radio, whit* itdewoltt* mag* 
A r / J 
75 PONTIAC FIREBIRD top, V-8. automatic tront-* mittion, power steering, power brab#*, air con-ce J.n r dttlonod. radio, white sidewall*................................................... 
9 o 9 ) 
75 VEGA COUPE ^ 'w ^ ^ tt^ a‘^"*>2495 
74 HONDA 1&Z+2 & «.o5K»*rU.r* 9:.......*1795 

74 NOVA COUPE SCS. S^w.?*:. 
^ 
*2695 

74 MALIBU SEDAN math transmission, power 1 4 Q Q C steering, power brakes, clr, radio, white sidewall* . . . 
A T T J 

 l y i H A M A D A Htwer with block vinyl top. 
V-8, 
/ - ». A m A H U automatic transmission, radio, power power brakos, air conditioned, white steering, power 

74 DODGE MONACO WAGON S e 
*3695 
_ _ _ 
-8, automatic transmission power steering, power brakes, air con dirtonod. radio, white sideweHs. cruise control, power $2 CfCf^ 

74 IMPALA 4 DOOR HARDTOP11^ v * m”° clon, power steering, radio, white sidewalls 

_______ math transmit power broke*, eir conditioned. *2 6 9 5 ta o SIAW A C C A A h l**- wW’ »•**•• vinyl top, V-8, auto- l l WW Y A JtU H N m eiic trantmlsslen, power steering, in . « > power broket, air conditioned, radio, white sidewall* 
4 l V j 
74 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME COUPE landau vinyl top, V-8, automatic transmission, power steering' pawer brokes, air conditioned, radio, w h it**2 6 9 5 

74 CUTLASS SUPREME COUPE gundy vinyl top 
V8, automatic transmission, pawai 
~ brakes, ah. radio, white sidewall*. I 

7 4 B a 
B 
S i i B 
S e 
& 
S f S 
S r 
‘ 3 » » $ 
74 OLDS OMEGA HATCHBACK t*uSL3tf&£ mission, pow ar staering. pawer brakes, air can- sn err n dihoned. radio, white sidewalls 
..............................................*249! 
74 PLYMOUTH DUSTER COUPE W 
W! stundord.^ oir conditioned, pawer steering, radio, 

74 VEGA ESTATE WAGON iZt, aw conditioned, radio, white videw 
■ad. 
4 cylinder, automatic transmission j 

 l l A l f C A A IAIA A A A I White. 4 cylinder standard, air 
74 VtuA WAwQN conditioned, radio. white i i 7oC sidewalls....................................... 
I / Y ) 
73 IMPALA SEDAN f.i.- pow er brake*, air cendltianed. radio, whit# side n a ils 
/ N T . 

1 1 $ si A V / A f A U D E G iv e r, 
V 8, 
A u te m o tk irons- 
/ J N U V A V v U r t m ission, p o w er steering^ po w er brokes, air conditioned, radio, w hite sidew alls, t c i r s ^ 
^ l 

I i s 
T A D D I A C H V A A l V -8 . autom atic tconsm ittien, 
/ J L A r K I U > tlf A It power steering, power brakes, ejr^conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, dark gold with 

73 MERCURY^MONTEGO 51D A N automatic m 
... “ "*2295 
73 
»DAifnattfr^:,arsr^ ,M95 

 a 
1 m p t i a c o u p e 
CH^i8(R8B6« W i 
*Rf 188x68 634J® TMK CRH6* A M / TM 
$ 6^ 
BY f 

72 MONTE CARLOp Z X T staering, power brakes, air. radio, whila sidewalls. . . .” 
4 9 . 

M I S S I O N 
C H E V R O LE T 

I 2 o o S 
. l . M i l i t a r y 

P H O N E 

9 2 4 - 2 3 1 1 

S PEC IALS 
12-12 Mechanical Insurance Coverage Available 

M 
O 
T O 
R 
I N S U R A N C E C O 
R 
P 
O 
R 
A 
T I O 
N 

7 6 O L D S S 
X 
. ‘ 5 2 5 o 

’ 7 5 C H E V R O L E T X 
' w w 
. i S 
- m 
^ 
. W 
S 

 i t M b i 
4 dow hoidlop, brown and c e n re* 
7 4 . B U I C K whits full DAWS! 
4 I STI 
• T il A l ItC O O * <*oo' ho", , , F- b,®wn °"d 
I 4 9 7 C 
7 4 OLDS 98 fun P«w.i law miNag* .................... . 4 2 7 3 

7 4 b u i c k s r * ! r . r ! . ‘ l! , ; r r . n 
. * . . ‘ 4 2 5 o 

7 4 B U I C K Z n 
J F 
: 
. * * ■*"•■ * 3 1 o o 

 i i i D ill/-* / E tgo i, btu* ond white Londdu. powxr and . o r s - y r 
/ 4 B U I C K on, io w «m i»» 
................ 
3 o 
7 5 

7 5 F O R D L T D l f 
‘ 3 8 2 5 

7 5 F O R D S S ; ! * ' * * * ■ 
* " ' ■ 
* : ” * " . . ‘ 3 5 5 o 
’ T A D I V M A I I T U v* ,‘o,rt koughom, 
4-door, 
’ 9 l l I (TI U U I I i brown and whit*, power end ( A A . A 
Oh, »*tro doon, low milxog*....................................................... . 3 o 5 o 

7 4 B U I C K a 
* 
! 
* 
11* f 
.................> 2 9 9 5 

*7 C u n i f y ^ / ha" k' outom otw, o h. pow t i 
7 3 B U I C K itxftnng, pxrftrl condition, look* bk* 
, A J _ , now, yollow, 18,o6o nnloi 
.............................. 
3 4 7 ) 

7 5 
F O R D 
. " * " . r 4 . " : . ‘ 3 7 5 o - 

7 3 O L D S M O B I L E 8 8 low mdoi.............................................. 
* 2 7 5 o 

B 
U 
I 
C 
K 
C 
O 

AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

T h * P p lic y T h a t le t * t o w S ig n A w a y M o o t O f 

The* C a s t O f M a^ c» r^ M * cH an kaJ R e p a ir * t o r 1 2 
Mites, Whichever Come* 
Month* Or 13 
F'irsfl 
L e MOTOR'S t N S U B A N C S C O R P O R A T I O N * 

’ 6 1 
C H E V R O L E T 
1 9 3 

’ 6 9 P O 
N 
T I A C 
^ n 
- S t r 
M o m r H c V - l , ow- w itty p o w o r, e U c tric w in - 
| 
4 ow% , b r o H , g ilr o f t , g o o d fr o iu p o rto H o n 
.............. 
295 

395 

495 

695 

’ 6 5 O L D S M 
O B I L E outamatic 
V-8 , air with power. goad 
. trantpertathsn................................. 
. , 

' 6 5 O L D S M 
O B I L E & 
T oufowfllk, ob Witt* powtr, good hani^orto 
| 

’ 6 8 BUICK 
_______ v.ft. air with pawer, electric win- 
. dews, hit wheel. o4, *48 mil—* 
......................... 

I * r c / \ n v s h tan Custom Cab Wei up, red. J- 
. o n e 
Ct J I O K U speed standard air, heater, runt goad . . 
O r J 

* 6 5 L I N C O 
L N Continental 
4-d»or, light blue, 
(Mug tutorn>r outoonotk V R, oir wtfti power, oil powor. to vory good coodttioo, j 

7 1 
. 

•69 B U I C K I S 
S 
" 
. pawer, 
AM radio, vary (loan, runt great 

’ 7 o O L D S M 
O B I L E 
J t i T Z b 
. I Z Z ' . i soots with console shift, automatic V 8, air with 
POW|4oWM W* "*W super stack wheal* g 

’ 7 o C H E V R O L E T ^ b u c k e t 
•oat* with console mitt, automats. V -8, air 
, with power, 34.134 miles 
................ 

’ 7 2 C H E V R O L E T »»»"*mcm 
W eg o n . lig h t 
I A v n c t K U 
U 
I green, dark groan interfbr, mnomafic, ab. pawer steering and brokes. 
* J I 
^ 

• T O T O Y O T A 
Ceiba ST, blue. white interior, 4- 
' * IVX I VTI#* speed standard, cdr, gauges. 
, , , n c leaks goad and drive* greet 3o.444 mlirs 
. 
I 3 9 5 

* 7 A P O N T I A C bonne-Hie 
4 door cream 
‘ ’ r v M * 1 ' " v beige Interior, auto me tic V t d r wiHi powRf, RiRfh-ii window*, w a ll, trvlftl 

7 9 5 

7 9 5 

8 9 5 

9 9 3 

995 

‘I 495 

 kl 595 

 earn, 
V • 
. 
_j cruise control, e stress , , . O N LY ....................................... 

• T I P O N T I A r Grandville, 4 deer. black, black 
• r v / r w il# A V vlny| root black cloth interior automatic V-8, pawer with air. electric win­ dows and toots. AM l h with tope, estrus. 
$5.35$ miles.................................................... 
• 7 4 M A Z D A 1X 4 Wagon, dark groan, white 
” vinyl interior, 
4-speed air, ad 

 w s tje e v r -.. I - * .1, r * . 
• - 
- i s o s 
•73 OLDSMOBILE tartar, automatic V-6 , ak with power, electric wbsdew* and tacrt*. cruise control. AM IM se - a c star en, estras.......................... 
1 o 9 3 
SV M C O D D Custom I IOO kickup, gold, broem bt tericsr. 3 speed steasdcsrd, haatar, AM 
. . - a c radii,, high milea ge yet assonant buy 
I o 9 5 
'73 OLDSMOBILE 
■’X T * '" T ^ : automatic V-8, ab with power steering and hrokac, super stock wheats with raised whila i s a a c latter tires, AM, EM ........................................... 
*1995 

• 7 3 F O R D Country 5guiro Wagon, be ansa. beige 
/ a r U R U vinyl Interior, automatic V -8 , ab with se a a * power staering and broket. 3 soarer, cleen 
I V 9 3 

> 7 3 F O R D ttp Coupe, white, white vinyl tool, 
' beige interior. automatic 
V-8 , air, pawer steering, power brakes, AM/EM with s t r i a * tope, very clean..................................................... 
I W 
O 

• I A P O N T I A C 8onnovilto. 4-door. tan. brown 
' ^ r v n i l l M 
V rtnyl 
Inter la., automatic 
V-8 , air with pawer steering, pawer brakes, power 
| • A Q c windows, soots, door locks, cruise control, nice 
I V V j 
’73 CADILLAC S£T. 
X & & , 

’73 
2595 t f t o n 
Orem Torino Wagon, bronco, brown r U K U vinyl Interior, automatic V-8 , air with power steering, pawer brokes. 
AM radio, os- - a a a rn caltern condition ond o n ly .................................. 
* 2 9 9 5 
• T A . D A h l T i A r Ventura, navy blue, bhra v in y l 
S O r w r t H 
A 
L Inter to., V -8 au to m a tic. cdr a n d 
, , a a C power, 11472 nsdo s............................................ 
3 9 9 3 

’ 7 6 O L D S M O B I L E E £ " t k £ " \ r £ ^ k 3 2 
V-fl auto mutt r. ab and pawet'^ko n e w 
3 9 9 3 
• T A K f % O n Granada, rod, rod interior . A-cylinder. 
' u ' w 8 l t cnrtomoth 
Srancmbllen , ob. pawer 
SA A m a tigering. 2o,ooo adlet............................ .*3993 

’ 7 6 C H E V R O L E T Z F Z S r t j g 
X 
' rior AM SM stereo radio, db wbeetr*rotle rom A * - s a a 

’ 7 3 F O R D 
* rom ro d -.w n m n e d T ^ r, l i h r j ! ! r ^ 
' 
* 
* 5 6 9 3 

’ 7 3 O M C 
- S J T ! s* a a * sod-contained a s h In camper....................~T T T .. * 5 8 9 5 

’ 7 6 O L D S M O B I L E 
^ p T ^ J ^ y 
„ interior, hdty loaded. Ovary available option 
TT. 7 I 9 5 
MANY OTHER MODELS TO CHOOSE FROM 
GMAC AND BANK FINANCING 
SERVICE, W HAT 
IT'S ALL ABOUT 

Q U A L I T Y U S E D C A R S 

L E A S I N G & 

R E C R E A T I O N A L 

V E H I C L E S 

 me 

7 5 o N . E . L O O P 4 1 o A T B R O A D W A Y 

■ ■ e s s i r W s 
................................. 

G u n n 

O l d s m o b i l e 

STOCK 
REDUCTION 
S A LE 

ALL PRICES REDUCED 

72 PoLARA 'SZZXktrr 
*18oo 
72 MAVERICK 
^ 
*195o 
75 GRAN FURY 
^ *375o 

SALE! 

’ 7 3 A U D I 
> 2 8 9 5 
UTL QU 
(ha nut 
U Saftt unify . 

7 6 F O R D s r ~ 
" - 
“ • r . " u - 
‘ 4 9 9 5 

I T M B i l i f y u Sok'* k * t i O O I 
/ 4 B U I C K n s b iiu t, outom utK, » h , p o o sr beoulttui ta* 
9 / 7 3 

7 5 F o N T I A c l r L ” r 
« 
" 
‘ 4 4 9 5 

' 7 3 B U I C K S 
S 
S 
! 
, i r o n ‘ 2 9 9 5 
UfHtsft 44441. hoidlop, (ompkttfly i 
- 
- n i l l / ' * / 
U flh ttd, 4-4441. hgid lop, lo m p k rtfty w u ip 
/ 4 D 
U H 
R pod, autom at*, o b, po*** w ot*, ■ tad® bt. $ a * Q £ 
WoetiM voioui «pholtl«!y 
. . . 
.................... 
W F # 

7 4 P O N T I A C 
" f " T : * 3 9 9 5 

7 1 D O D G E 'Z 
P 
J f 9 1 
^ 
T 
* 2 o 9 5 

7 5 O P E L ^ 
> r 
‘at T 
. I" * * * ' 
* 3 3 5 o 

7 2 P O N T I A C 
^ 
* 2 6 9 5 

* 3 2 9 $ 
7 5 D O D G E Pciproh.. fd t .h , (boe • 147*74 

7 $ O L D S 
*4 3 

S P I R I S - D O U O f t s A S B U I C K 

oA DWA 
1 .3k.. M- 3k. 
MB m rn rn rn i 

*68 SEDAN DrVIUE mSp% rf: *125o 
*73 BELAIR tSSZXSVtSZ ^ 
*18oo 
73 MONACO i& r: wr*:\m: *265o 

7 5 A M c a s s - * - n r ? . . Pmm- . r 
' • * : . *3 2 5 o 
75 CORONET SgfZj£rm &. 
P*T'\ ‘375o 
74 DODGE COLT SKI'.£ ’«&"*:. 
‘235o 
74 NEWPORT 2S2T&JSr:. *: 
T*:. *345o 
75 CHARGER ^ 
A 
T*:.*?'9*. *465o 
•68 CROWN IMPERIAL t £ T : TT": 
*115o 
7o fury iii r.-*- rrr*.^rr.r* : r . »uoo 
7o CATALINA 325*" 
•** •*•*• t| ^ 

72 HORNET SXSfZ, S S T U jrr:+ f »19oo 
71 MAVERICK 
T : *145o 
73 MARQUIS ttV iX 
'r .'" ' ‘295o 
72 COUPE DtVillt •uh power, ab, astra clean *295o 

7 4 monaco i i r 
^ we u r w 
; n » s r *2 7 5 o 
75 DODGE r e d s , b e a te r l3 
. m d .og ., m^mnotb . j j j q 

73 dart xsnu rr-. r . r r 4 .rf-, r r . *245o 
74 buick arr. .f. rrr-.r-. *38so 
71 MERCURY STX*. '* rr * T ? ..rr ‘1991 
73 CHALLENGER r r * 
"'“ 315o 

7 i coronet z a s & z . 'r 'r r f r r * ‘ibm 
>74 DATSUN ZZ? — * ...... 
“ 775o 

O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 

Ch/V*i4f I or OO ba lf/4, 
( t i , Chryyitr I k i u I m 
**,ii t . t u i t a d t g i c i , , tu n * 

 a n il M w 
: 
I M W t i n t Vt til trade ti* 14*1 fttft U M I U 441ft 

C H h v u k * f t i w r o i f , FP l i w s t 
(le o n . M f n e w f lf t M 
8 f M 
M 
I r n > h i 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 

' > T " C H I V 
H 
I « S t a t .a n W a g e ® 
D e c M r * c o t 
I -.ra t* , tv U t t o u « t d 
UHM Bttfy MI U l t 

 c is a n t t # « u * o d C o t * A t 
• U O G i r O ft N T A ( M 
I l i t 44*5 
114 N ft Leap f lf et Alf per I fir a 
'n F AMrtidQ Motur Outt F ft H»pi 
. .nj mi fttglft ATA QMM l?4 ,’$ ‘11 
C O N t T i n N ? a V M AH d fVT J f u lly lo o d e d l i m 
*$4 4ft>> 
1 I i i O b 
I N 
T I ; tf* L 
I i e v". 

 u s . ’ c c ! I f t f l l i i * ‘ Qf k ii Cor rdt(w a^iil VUU* body he 
I oWoi 8/4 »«tt AIA M JI 

Additional 
Classified 

□ 
A 
SKAGGS S 
ALBERTSONS noiinc o rnnno 

H i 
AliAl 

GROUND 
BEEF 

PRICES EFFECTIVE: SR»IT-T#ESa*Y, iU U R Y 9, IG, l l , 1977 
> .JBK 

FRESH GROUND 
1oo% PURE BEEF 

3 LB. PKG. OR MORE 
JUMBO FR A N K S --” .i85‘ 

 r n * ’ 

J A N E T L EE 
SLICED BACON 
PORK CHOPS 
PORK CHOPS 
SPARERIBS 
LONGHORN CHEESE 
STUFFED CRAB-— 
4 
ELESS STEW 

 is o it: 

C l N T H CUT ■ ■ L IA N POWE 

. C I M T H CUT L O M L IA N PORK 

COUNTRY STYLI L IA N M IA TY PORK 

PKO. 

LR. 

LR. 

LR. 

SK AO O S 
ALR! RTSO N S 
COL RY 

L IA N R U P CURBS 
.LR. 

FULL QUARTER 
LOIN 
SLICED ENDS AND CENTER CHOPS 
LB. f 
•WW* 

FROZEN TOD! 

DINNERS- PA TIO M IX IC A N O R R U P IN C H & A D A 
I S O Z . 491 

DONUTS 
75*1 
EGG BEATERS . ™ ™ ....................................88'| 
C A U L I F L O W E R “ ........ 
"~44*[ 

DELICATESSEN-SNACK BAR 
“SUPER BOWL ’SPECIAL 
FANCY MEAT AND CHEESE TRAY 

BE THE HIT OF YOUR SUPER BOWL PARTY 
WITH THIS LUSCIOUS COMBINATION OF 
FANCY MEAT AND CHEESE TRAY. 
SERVES 15-2o PEOPLE only 
LARGER SIZES AVAILABLE 

JANET LEE ORANGE 
JUICE 

6 
(HI 
. 

OZ. 
|U IG 
TIN 

HEINZ 
BABY FOO! 
STRAINED FRUITS. 
VEGETABLES, & JUICES 

WHITE SWAN 
BISCUITS 
SWEETMILK OR 

BUTTERMILK 

ALBERTSON'S 
OLEO 

BAMA 
RESERVES 

STRAWBERRY 

 iOMPLETE PHARMACY DEPARTMENT 
OFFERS YOU “ CALL AHEAD" PRESCRIPTION 
«= 
SERVICE TO SAVE YOUR TIME. AND A 
M 

349-3129 

BM 
684-8795 

FRESH PRODUCE 

TOWELS . 
.........................*"39* 
TAMALES 
..............38* 
PICKLES 
~..............69* 
POTATOES j“" “ *Hou °* 
4211 
■ w rn rn ■ 
WKm 
« • « • • « • * « 9 
9 
• # * * * * * # » 
Ywwm 
I 
VANILLA WAFERS — v t 45* 
BANANAS 
\ 
' GOLDEN RIPE 
✓ NO. I 

LBS. 
CUCUMBERS ...i.r?.#*,,N..“““.............................S J I 
PEPPERS 
............................... S J I 
GRAPEFRUIT 
................................5 J I 
WONTON SKINS.........................................*^99* 
TOFU 
CM P N H B O Y H A N C A K ! 
YA O Z . 9y 

I «• Y 

 v*'4 
UMPKIN 
PIES 
LARGE 8 INCH, 

FRESH BAKED u 
ANGEL FOOD CAKES ^ ..89 
POUNDCAKES 
2 J I 
CINNAMON ROLLS 
..*.1o* 

SKAGGS ALBERTSONS, THE HOME OF "ONE- 
STOP-SHOPPING", IS NOW OPEN 24 HOURS. 
I DAYS A WEEK 
SKAGGS ALBERTSONS SAVES YOU GAS, TIME 
AND MONEY WITH 9 COMPLETE DEPARTMENTS 

TO SERVE 
YOUR NEEDS. 

PLUS IRON CHEWABLES 
FM N NILES LABS leo TABLETS FOR 
GOOD NUTRITION 
AND HEALTH. 

^ 
CNM A n iltM I C M 

 fUNTSM NES 

PLAYTEX DISPOSABLES 
ECONO PACK OF 
IOO TEAR-OFF TAB 
I a . OZ. MSP. 
BOTTLES 
COSMETICS 
PHARMACY 
AND DRUGS 
CAMERA, 
TOBACCO 

GROCERY 
PRODUCE, 
BAKERY 
DELICATESSEN 
AND MARKET ' 

Item 
Pins* SON 

A LL a s '£*329 W I S K ^ ^ i f l o9 

PRICES EFFECTIVE SUN..MoN.] 
I& T U E S ..J A N . 3 . 1 o . 4 1 1 , 1 o 7 7 
3 BIG SA. LOCATIONS 
WALZER! AT MIDCROWN 
WAIZEM ROAD • 656-62oo 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
I TWA WEST AVENUE • 349-52*7 
IH 41o AT BANDERA 
$7o7 SANDERA RO. • 6*4 *852 
We're Open 2‘ flours A Day] 
7 Days A 
Week. 

Davila, Arispe win Flow ers fete contests 

Arnold Davila and 
Irma Arispe have been named winners in the 
Battle of 
Flowers 
Assn. Band Festival 
Contests.____________ 
Clower cited 

NASHVILLE T am . (AP) 
— Grand Ole Opry come­ dian Jerry Clower will be cited by the Southern Bap­ tist Radio and Television 
Commission for “ sharing his great gift for laughter in a world that desperately needs m irth.” 

Davila, a Burbank High 
School commercial art stu­ dent. designed the winning 
Band F e s tiv a l p ro g ra m cover. 

Miss Arispe. a senior at 
Jefferson High School, took top honors in the Name the 
Theme Contest. 
“ Jazz J u b ile e ” will be the 1977 theme for the band festival held each year on the T h u rs d a y of F ie s ta 
Week. 

For their efforts the stu­ dents each will receive a plaque and recognition at the Band Festival. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 977 
Page 
I -D 
Heating unit inspection urged 

C e n tral h ea tin g u n its should be inspected once a year by a service man fa­ miliar with that brand. 
This m essage cam e Sa­ turday from the San An­ tonio Fire Department and 
City Public Service as part of an ongoing program to alert citizens to the dancers of faulty or improperly oper­ ated heating equipment. 
The air vent which brings in fresh air to mix with the gas in the unit and exhausts the products of combustion must remain open and pro­ perly c o n n e cted at all tim es, said (’apt. F ran k the F ire De- 

• 
The filter should be inspected and cleaned once a week. 
• 
The unit should be vacuumed inside and out once a week to prevent a build-up of lint or dust. 
• The upper part of the unit around the air vent and roof jack should be cheeked for te ll-tale black soot, 

 which signals danger and requires repair. 
• The metal door to the blower compartment of tin' furnace m ust fit tightly when it is replaced after cleaning the filter or ser­ vicing the blower fan. Also, the tj>p and bottom doors on c e n tral fu rn a n c e s s o m e ­ times are reversed, which 

 creates a very condition. hazardous 

( apt. Gonzales said there are many other safety tips w hich apply to v ario u s types of heating equipment and which cannot be co­ vered except through ques­ tioning a know ledgeable person. 

To p ro v id e c u s to m e rs with free inform ation on the safe operation of all heating eq u ip m en t, CPS has tra in e d p erso n n e l! available from 8 a.rn. to 5 p.m., Monday through F ri­ day. C ustom ers can call either 225-27)41, the regular customer service number, or 227-2211, Extension 3o2. 

 of 

IRMA ARISPE 

Gonzales partment. 
Other safe include: 

TS, 

Start at the top. His and her curls, now at savings. 

 operating tips 
'■' fe. S 
> 

 a r t. 
' 

There’s more to this plush nylon carpeting than meets the eye. 
Soft silky feel. 
Close-packed tufting. 
Sixteen colors. 
And $4 sq. yd. savings. 

Salel 3.99 sq. yd. installed 
Reg. $18 Beautiful heavyweight plush carpeting looks spectacular through years of wear and easy-care And the dense tufting gives a rich smooth surface that keeps spills from soaking in. #217o 
Cut and loop polyester in multi-colors; #322o 
Reg $16.Sale 12.99 sq. yd. installed 
^ 
Multi-color cut and loop nylon; #47o1 
Reg. $19 Sale 16.44 sq. yd. installed 
Solid color plush nylon; #593o 
Reg.$ I 2 Sale 1o.66 sq. yd- installed 
Cut and loop nylon in high fashion solids; #162o 
Reg $15 Sale 11.99 sq. yd. installed 

 i 

K- 
Mf** 

\ 

£1977 JC Pen ney C o . Inc 

G im m e Curl, sale 14.88. Reg $2o 
Helene Curtis’ perm for long-lasting curl 
Body for Men, sale 18.88. 
Reg. $25. Special UniPerm™ formula for just the right fullness for thinning areas. 

Shampoo, cut and styling included. 

No apointment necessary. 
And you can charge it. 
Perms not recommended for bleached hair 
923-5461 -654-1565 
The JCPenney Styling Salon 

I- *: 

"IX 

V V 

P i'J 

J c 

**! 

 r n 

.7. 

" r mum 

1*4- 
. 

■ / ~ ~ 4 
' 

<44-& . f 4 

 r n 

S a 
STX1 

 n y 
® 
* 
* 
* 

Kps 

"N. 

-Y 

Includes expert installation and quality padding. 
Sale prices effective through Saturday 

For Shop-at-Home carpet service call 923-5461 or 654-155o 
JCPenney 

South Park and W indsor Park M ail only 

25% off labor and installation for custom draperies 

Redecorating on a budget is easier than ever with this great JCPenney offer. Select handsome new custom draperies at regular price, and w ell give you 25% off labor and installation. Just wait until you see the handsome choices rich antique satins, airy sheers, colorful prints, open weaves. Call today and have a 
JCPenney custom decorator visit your home with samples, sketches, and marvelous ideas. Now, while you can save 25% on labor and installation. 

Sale prices effective thru Saturday. 

For JC P e n n e y custom decorating service call 923-5461 - 654-155o 

South Park and W indsor Park Mall stores only. 

Pog® 

Save on every sheet in stock 

2-D_______ San Antonio EXPftESS-NEWS— 
Sunday January 9 1977 

Sale 1.96 Twm 
Reg. 2.79. White muslin, no-iron cotton/polyester sheets also go with your favorite colors, patterns 

Full. reg 3 59. Sale 2.96 
Pillowcases, pkg of 2. reg 2 o9. Sale 1.96 

Sale 3.93 tw in sire 
Reg 
5 99. 'R ib b o n e tte '; eyelet t r i m m e d p r i n t s h e e t s of i ottom polyester percale f nil sire reg 6 99. Sole 4.93 
Queen sire. reg 1o 99, Sale 7.93 
King sir** reg 12 99, Sale 9.93 
Pillowcases, pkg of 2 reg. 5 49. Sale 
3 73 
King pillowcases, pkg o* 2 reg 5 99. 

Sole 4.23 

Sal© 1.99 Twin 
Reg. 2.99. Needlepoint, lovely floral bouquet print in a cross- stitch framework, on no-iron cotton'polyester muslin 
Full. reg 3 99. Sale 3.24 
Queen, reg 7 99. Sale 5.98 
King. reg 9 99. Sale 7.98 
Pillowcases, pkg of 2 reg 2 99. Sale 2.24 
King cases, pkg of 2. reg 3 99 Sale 3.68 

Sale prices effective through Saturday ae AT- 

Plus specials on electric blankets, mattress pads and pillows too. 

Special 14.99 Twin 

 lower the thermostat and stay Cory warm, automatically, with our budget-priced electric blanket It s light, soft polyester, acrylic with the promise of good long wear Featuring 9 temperature set­ tings. 3 fashion colors with matching nylon binding 
Full. single control; Speciol 18 99 

Special 4.88 Twin 
All polyester fitted mattress pad for super wear and comfort. Po lyester cover is sonically quilted to bonded polyester fiberfill; no quilting threads to break, no lumping or shifting. 
Full fitted, Special 6.88 
Special 2 for 5.88 
Get soft support and great comfort from our plump polyester fi­ berfill pillows with all cotton ticking. Standard size. 
Queen or king size; 2 for 6.88 

JCPenney 

McCreless• South Park#Windsor Park#Terrell Plaza• Downtown 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

Mad Monday Sale. 

Men's suit clearance. 
Save on great styles. 

 fo r$ 1oO 

Nows the time to buy that new suit you've been 

 wanting at closeout savings. Choose from a variety 

 of styles, colors and fabrics, but not every style and 

 color in every size so hurry in for best selections. Solids 

 and fancies in regulars and longs. 

Men's 

Buy a supply of these fine quality fancy print shirts at our special low price. Assorted colors and p a t­ terns. 

Shirts 
Men's slacks. 

8.99 

Handsome 1oo% polyester slacks for men. Choose from assorted solids and fancies. Flair leg styling and wide belt loops for the latest fashion looks. 

Charge it, or use our convenient lay-away plan jOPGnnoy 

McCreless 
• Northwest 
• South Park 
• Windsor Park 
• Terrell Plaza 
• Downtown 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

....... 
Bulletin 
Board 

- 
■ •■ -S r-" ■ % . 
WHATS 
OMING UP IN! tSAN ANTONIA 
THIS WEEK 

Spring sign-up slated by NUM 

Ite g is tra t ion fo r the spring semester at the Na­ tional Autonomous U niver­ sity of Mexico in H em isFair 
Plaza is scheduled Monday through Saturday. 
Courses are offered in 
Latin American studies and 
Spanish language. 
The Spanish language department offers courses in gram m ar, conversation and c o m p o sitio n on e le ­ mentary. interm ediate and advanced levels. 
Special three-week inten­ sive language classes offer the opportunity for a stu­ dent to acquire a thorough knowledge of Spanish in a short tim e . They encom ­ 

 pass language s k ills , g r a rn m ar. pro ti u nci a t i on and conversation. 
A dvanced in te n sive courses stress cultural en­ richment and idiom atic ex­ pressions. 
The “ leveller'’ course is geared tow ard s p e c ific problems among advanced students. 
Mexican folklore. Mayan a rt and d ip lo m a tic re la ­ tions between Mexico and the U.S. are among the courses offered by the Latin 
A m erican studies d e p a rt­ ment. These classes are taught in Spanish. 
For further inform ation, call 227-o311. 
East Central fete Saturday 

Last Central High School w ill sponsor a fiance and d r ill team c o m p e titio n from ll a.in. to 5 p.m. Sa­ turday. 

Schools from all over the state w ill compete. 
For registration inform a­ tion, telephone Karen Lud- deke at East Central. 
Sem inar on alcohol is Friday 

A county alcoholic treat­ ment program w ill hold a one-day seminar Friday on d e c rim in a liz in g p u b lic drunkenness. 
B exar C ounty M ental 
Health/M ental Retardation 
Center's alcohol treatment program w ill hold the se­ m inar from 8 a n i. to 5 p.m. at the First Baptist Church. 
51) McCullough Ave. 
“ More than 24.(1oo arrests w ere made fo r d riv in g while intoxicated or public drunkeness offenses hist year." said M ll/R Execu­ tive D ir. Aaron Liberman. 
“ Through e fficie n t and 

 economical care, the rising costs incurred w ith the a r­ rest and .jailing of these individual offenders could be c u rta ile d " 

P re se n ta tio n s w ill be made by Dr. David P itt­ man. a mental health com­ m issioner from M issouri; 
County Court-at-Law Judge 
T. A rm our B all; San A n­ tonio Police C hief E. E. 
Peters and State Rep. B ill 
Carraway, of Houston. 

Rep. C arraw ay w ill in ­ troduce decrim in a liza tio n legislation during this ses­ sion of the state legislature. 
Kelly surplus sale site 

The Defense P ro p e rty 
Disposal Office w ill hold a local spot bid sale of sur­ plus government property at Kelly AFB Tuesday 
Bidder registration w ill begin at 8 a rn. and the sale w ill start at ti a in in Sec­ tion F. B u ild in g MOO in 
East Kelly. 
Sale items w ill include beds, clocks, told boxes. 

 bicycles, chairs, re frig e ra ­ tors. ranges, watches, ty ­ pewriters and calculators. 
The items offered for sale may be Inspected between 8 a in. and 3 p m. on w ork­ days i i i Room IU . B uilding 
3o3o in East Kelly. 
Further inform ation may be obtained by telephoning 
Evans 
Ma rehand at 
o23-4o27. 
Si. MarvV sots registration 
» p 

R e g is tra tio n fo r tin* s p rin g sem ester .it St. 
M ary’s U niversity w ill be 
Monday and Tuesday. 
Students, except law stu­ dents. w ill register from 3 
•to 7 15 p m 
Monday and from 2 to ti 13 p.iii Tuesday acco rd in g to tim e s a s ­ signed by perm its from tin’ 
Registrar’s Office. 
Lay) students who e n ­ tered in the summ er or fall 

 sessions w ill register from ti to 11 a in Monday. 

Law students who expect to graduate iii May o r Au­ gust 1o77 w ill register from 
I 3o to 3 3o p iii. Tuesday. 

A ll other law students w ill register from o to ll a.in 
Tuesday i i i the Law 
Classroom Building. 
Classes begin W ednes­ day. 
Parent orientation slated 

O rie n ta tio n n ig h ts fo r parents of Alam o Heights 
School D istrict eighth and sixth grade students have been set for January. 

Parents of eighth graders w ill m eet Tuesday and parents of sixth grade stu­ dents w ill meet Thursday. 

Both m e e tin g s w in ne held at 7 p iii in the Junior school audito rium at 7Ho7 
N New Braunfels Ave 
The m eetings w ill help parents understand course p la n n in g pro ced ures fo r their “ hildren who are en­ tering high school and ju n ­ ior school. 
GED course planned 

East Central School Dis­ tric t is o ffe rin g a study course to prepare persons for the GED high school equivalency diplom a exa­ mination 
The classes w ill meet 

 from H a.in, to noon Mon­ days and Wednesdays for three m onths in the E p­ worth Methodist Church. 
For fu rth e r enrollm ent inform ation telephone Alice 
Plenia/ek at 848-1335 
Socialism is subject o f talk 

Donald A 
M artin, well known anti-Com inuiiisl and a n ti-S o e ia lis t fro m E n g ­ land. w ill speak in San An­ tonio at ti 3o p in Wednes­ day at the Arden Grove 
Party House. 
M artin is in the United 
States attending the World 
A n ti'C o m m u n is t League 

E x e rtiv e in Houston 
He is the national direc­ tor of the B ritish League of 
Rights and publisher of the conserv at ive p u b lic a tio n 
“ On Target ” 
M artin's topic is “ What 
Socialism has done to Eng­ land and Is the U S A. Next on the List?” 
THE TRUTH 

About Police & Firemen 
SICK LEAVE 

Today on 
“ NEWSMAKERS” 
12 NOON 
CHANNEL-12 w ith 
Paul V enem a and 
John W ilson 

This is an im p ortan t program on a highly controversial issue. 

Deadline in essay contest is Friday 

D eadline fo r m id d le school, high school and col­ lege students to enter the essay contest being con­ ducted by the San Antonio 
Right to Life com m ittee is 
Friday, according to M al­ lory M iller, chairman. 
Youth of Bexar and sur­ rounding counties are be­ ing asked to w rite about 
“ Life — Its Beginning and 
Preservation” and subm it their themes to the Campus 
M in is try 
O ffic e of 
St. 
M ary’s U niversity. 
F irst, second and third place winners in the Bill, 
7th and 8th grades w ill re­ ceive cash awards of $3o, 
$3o and $2o, respectively. 
High school and college winners w ill each receive 
$6o, 
$4o and 
$25, respectively. 
Awards w ill be made at a pro-life m em orial celebra­ tion at 4 p.m . Jan. 22 iii 
M ilam Park. 
The service w ill coincide w ith the fourth anniversary of the 1973 ruling of the U S 
Supreme Court which lega­ lized and lib e ra liz e d abortion. 
Contest judges w ill be faculty, staff and students of St. M ary's U niversity’s pro-life committee. 
M id d le school essays should be 5oo words or less. 
High school and college papers should be 1,ooo words or less 
Stress is subject ofcourse 

O ur Lady of the Lake 
U n iv e rs ity ’s D ivisio n of 
Continuing Education w ill offe r courses iii A ik id o , 
Kundalini Yoga and “ How to Overcome Stress ’’ 
D r. N e il C arm an and 
Paul Fauerso w ill instruct a course in “ How to Over­ come Stress" from 7 to 9 p m. Tuesdays and Thurs­ days beginning Jan 
25. 
The course w ill include an in-depth e xa m in a tio n of stress and its effects on life and progress and a look al 
Hie Transcendental M e di­ tation program. 
The course in Kundalini 
Yoga w ill be taught from 7 to 8:3o p.iii. three times a week on the O L L I’ campus beginning 
Jan. 
24 
CS. 
< issey, director of the 3IIO 
Foundation < ( liter, w ill in­ struct Hie course. 
Aikido, a nonaggressive 
Japanese m artial art. w ill be offered from H to 8 p.m. 
Mondays. Wednesdays and 
Thursdays beginning Jan. 
IT 
For further inform ation, telephone the OLLE Office of Continuing* E ducation, 
434-K7U. ext. 191_______ __ 
R andolph has new spaper 

The 
R andolph 
A FB new spa per. ‘ Wings pread, ’ ’ has been judged i>est rn its category in A ir Training 
Command (ATC) for 1978 
Judging was based on the newspaper’s support of A ir 
Force in fo rm a tio n objectives, use as a man­ agement tool by the com­ m ander and jo u rn a lis tic qualities 
“ W ingspread’ ’ competed in category 111, a com m er­ cial enterprise newspaper with more than 2o pages. 
The newspaper w ill now represent ATC in the an­ nual A ir Force Newspaper 
Contest 
A ir Force winners w ill compete on the Department of Defense level 
"W ing sp re a d ” won the 
1975 T hom as J e ffe rs o n 
Award, given to the best of all the Department of De­ fense papers 
It has taken top ATC honors for three of the past tour years iii its category__ 
Gen. Pixley 
* takes post 

Mal Gen. Charles C. Pix- lev has assumed command as tin1 new superintendent of the Academy of Health 
Sciences, U.S. A rm y, at Ft. 
Sam Houston. 
The AHS C olors w ere passed to Gen. Pixley by 
Klaj. Gen. Spurgeon Neel, commander of the U.S. 
A rm y 
H e a lth 
.Services 
Command. 
Gen 
P ix le y had been com m a nder of W illia m 
Beaumont A rm y Medical 
Center in El Paso. 
A native of Oregon, he received his BA from the 
U niversity of Oregon and his D octor o f M e d ic in e from the University of Ore­ gon Medical School. 
Gen, P ix le y succeeds 
M aj.(Jeu. Edward ll. Vogel 
Jr. who retired Dec, 31, 

 its" 
'■ COMPARE our PRICES 
Anywhere in South Texas 

• 
. 
; 
♦INSTANT CREDIT 
BRAND NEW 

^ i i 
. c r i’ u 
! 

 bean! 
BAGS 

 winning 

FIRM 6-INCH FOAM MATTRESS 
AND FOUNDATION SETS 

^ OUR DISCOUNT PRICK PIR SIT 
TWIN........................... *59 ... 
FULL 
*79 
...... 
DUSIN..........................*1o9. per set 
KING............................ *149 p e r set 

 e 9 6-inch size 
• Zip p e re d covers e Choose fro m d e c o ra to r colors 

CHESTS 

• 4 -d r a w e r chest co m p letely fin ishe d in m ap le o r pin e 

A va ila b le 
Th u rsd a y 
2995 

BASSETT BEDROOM 

“ MADISON COUNTY” 
BEDROOM SUITE 

Solid constructed w ith distressed n a tu ral grain p in e, dust proof throughout, plate glass m irrors. H eav y authentic h a rd w a re . In ­ cludes triple door dresser deck. M irro r, night stand and any size headboard. 
$449 

 o Triple dresser o Twin m irrors o D oor chests 
C om plete 

 o N ight stand 
£ HMR 
^B fc o H eadb o ard any size 
T & 
V A 

LIVING ROOM & DEN 
BARGAINS 

1. VELVET SWIVEL ROCKERS 
‘ 69 

2. HERCULON LOVE SEATS 
( le ft o v e r fro m suites) . ...*69 

3. HERCULON CHAIRS 
(le ft o v e r fr o m s u ite s ).. ...........*39 

4. SOFA AND LOVE SEAT !£ ,nt#v,,ye,:Choit#o,.1495 

5. PIT GROUP V e lv e t, a fin e v a lu e , choice o f c o lo r s 
*399 

6. CONTEMPORARY DIAMOND e le g a n t s t y le . . . *339 

7. SWIVEL ROCKERS lc fra n c e V e l v e t....................... ‘ 139 

8. SOFA AND LOVE SEAT K 
" 
' " 
........‘ 389 
9 
1 m r n . 
. . . . . . . . 
4 cushiin s o fa a n d lo ve s e a t in 
. L A r K 
A N 
L E V t L V f c T b e a u tifu l A th e n a p a tte r n . l i n e 
C o m p a r e .........................................................................O r J 

1o. WALL AWAY RECHNER fl.T / .V .S ............‘ 89 

11. VELVET SECTIONAL re v e rs ib le cus E 
* ...........*339 

(///'sr////? 
W 
W 
U L U 

All wood with plastic tops, warm honey pine finish 
Choose a complete set or lust the pieces you need 

• Dresser with mirror. . . 
• lingerie chest............... 
• Student Desk............... 
• Desk Choir.................... o Bunk beds Complete 

 w / b u n k i e s ..................................... 

‘125 • Captain's ^ed w drawer 
’89 unit and borne................ 
. ‘79 o 5-drawer chest................ 
. *35 • Bookcase U n it................ 
• Commode........................ 
‘2o9 • Pair of twin beds........... 

DOUBLE DRESSER MIRROR. HEADBOARD, A N D NIGHTSTAND .. .... *2 5 3 
DINING ROOM 
DISCOUNTS 

1. ALI WOOD OAK S T w o r k , w lig h te d C h in o , p e d e sta l o r tre s tle ta b le . Sides \ I 
I O 
C 
L I a rm ch a ir. A LL w o o d .............................................................................................................I , I 7 
J 

2. AIL WOOD HEAVY OAK SPANISH 

C l H 
T 
E lig h te d china m e ta l g rill tre s tle 
J 
U 
I 
I E ta b le , 4 sides A 2 a rm H ere . a p h . cane 
< 1 
I J I A bock c h a irs ........................................................................................ I , I 4 Y 
, AMERICAN 

* * • H O C U M 
Larg e to g le w ith la m in a te d to p , h e a v y i d 
Q 
C 
U 
K 
E f W solid o a k ch oirs, S sides A I a r m ..................................... 
“ 
T 
J 
China Optional for $36o. 

4. BROYHILL OVAl TABLE S JL „ . o 
I a rm ch a ir, H erculon u p h o lste re d ch airs 
.................................................................* 4 
7 

5. CHOICE 2 STYLES BASSETT 
D in in g ro o m suites rn/ lig h te d ch in as, M ic a rfa to p , o v o l 
S J I T 
A to b ie s, 3 sides A I a rm chair .....................................................................................................4 / Y 
Extra Chairs $38.oo EA. 

6. FRENCH PROV. BERNHARDT 
D inin g suite including ta b le , S s id e , I a rm c h a ir, lig h te e 
( 
P f f china all (o r 
......................................................................................................... 
J J J 

J. DARK OAK FINISH SINGER 

 w / lig h te d C h ina , m e ta l g rill w a r k , ta b le , 5 v e lv e t u p b . t i A 
C sides A I a rm chair 
........................................................... 
7 ? 
O Y J 

8. ALL VERY FINE W OOD 
MEDITERRANEAN K a . fi* lig h ted chino w /m e ta l g rill w o r k , c a rve d d o o rs , silver d ra w e r, tra it!# ta b le , 4 sid e s, 2 p a n c u rve d cane b ac k 
$ I u s a chairs, w ith p ad d ed cushion s e a t s 
..................... I 
# 

9. ALL WOOD EUROPEAN 
RENNAINCE SUITE S IR if* m e ta l g rillw o rk , la rg e tre stle ta b le , 4 side a n d 2 a rm 
S I 
J I A 
C r h o .,s, a f oh w o o d ..................................................................................................................... 
1 
, 
4 
* 
} 
INSTANT CREDIT 

O QUALIFY: 
A m a jo r ch arg e card 
( A t o k a r n ..K O .d , M a tfe r C H A R G I, 

FREE 

EUROPEAN RENAISSANCE 
BEDROOM SUITE 

Beautiful pecan finish, with elegant prima 
V e ra treat­ ments. 
Complete suite in­ cludes large triple door dressers, large ligated door hutch sith antique brass grillework, 7-foot tall armoire chest, night stand, and any size headboard. 
$1325 
RUSTIC PINE 
BEDROOM 

From a special group with the purchase of each living room, dining or bedroom suite. 

 csfiamss 

J OKI AT 
STOKS 

• Triple dresser 
• Deck m irror 
• H eadboard 
• N ightstand 
• H ea vy Early 
A m erican style 
199 

B AR GAIN CORNER 

 rn * 7 5 o 

• A listed p h o n e nu m b er 

 r 
I n u 

Be over l l 
• A drivers (incest 
• Be employed 

*u «u h u h 
INSTANT APPROVAL STATEMENT 
*»o pi Becense nu 

C l 
A t wo * , lo 

O ' Wu'tgayv' *->« ess'*** 
I tte-ift Hftleiftncft */K) 

I *fluw » *.*»’• Ane Aug. KH 

( - '• a n 
I to # " * A f e I m# n l I j H ^ I M I — 

I**1*!’.* ft Nft—e 

*M omoo>« 

V H I 
Vt 
H u t Mw 
Hi i,gift c 
No 
F inances * mow** 

•OKuu-inf t 
I t tins on Su w «m 
" • m o n Canion 
FINE FURNITURE FOR A FRACTION OF RETAIL. 

HAZEL M. TILLSON 

MRS. CHARLES F. DIBRELL 

MRS. ROBERT L. RUND 
MRS. BOBBY L. KNIEJSKI 

HAMES’ WINTER WONDERFUL 
PANTYHOSE AND STOCKING SALE 
BEGINS JANUARY 14 

BUT YOU CAN ORDER TARTY WUU OUR AVOIO-IHT-RUSH COUPON 

STYLE NO. 
PANTYHOSE 
REGULAR PRICE 
SALE PRICE 3 PAIR 

5oo 
Everyday Sheer Stretch, Nude Heel 
1,95 
4.8o 
55o 
Everyday Sheer Stretch, Sandalfoot 
1.95 
48o 
71o 
Ultra Sheer, Tummy-Control, Sandalfoot 
3,oo 
7.5o 
885 
Ultra Sheer, All Sheer, Sandalfoot 
3oo 
7.5o 
95o 
Ultra Sheer, Nude Heel 
3oo 
7.5o 
81o 
Alive* Sheer Support, Nude Heel 
595 
1485 
811 
Alive* Sheer Suport, Sandalfoot 
5.95 
14.85 

STOCKINGS 

21o 
Cantrece* Heel and Toe 
1.75 
4.5o 
415 
Sheer Non-Stretch, Heel and Toe 
1.75 
4 5o 
615 
Sheer Non-Stretch, Nude Heel 
1.75 
4.5o 
8o5 
Alive* Sheer Support, Heel and Toe 
3.95 
9,75 

COLORS: Barely Black", Barely There*, Driftwood*, Mayfair, South Pacific" and Town Taupe 

TO: FROST BROS., 217 EAST HOUSTON, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o5 

Pairs 
Style No. 
Color 
Pantyhose 
Stockings 
Price 

Height 
Weight 
Size 
Length 

TOTAL 

NAME . 
ADDRESS 

C IT Y ......... 
STATE 
ZIP 

ACCOUNT #_ 
CHECK ENCLOSED 

PLEASE AOD 6% SALES TAX IN TEXAS ANO I OO HANDLING-DEUVERY COSTS. 

ORDER BY MAIL. PHONE 226-7131, EXT 248. OR STOP BY OUR STOCKING SHOP TO GIVE US YOUR ORDER 
SALE OROERS WILL NOT BE DELIVERED BEFORE JANUARY 14. 
DOWNTOWN ANO NORTH STAR MALL 

FROST BROS. 

ALICIA G. MARTINEZ 

 r 
' 
^ 

^ 
EKPWESS-NIWS 
Scene 

Sunday January 9 I 9 7 7 

SARA SPEARS COOK 

Of.**** 
Ut 

MRS. PETER T. FLAWN 

MRS. LEROY K. GRIMES 

MRS. E. B. JENKS 

ALDA J. LOFLIN 

Beauty Improvement Plan... Page 

Women 
OF 'THE 

Ten new names now join the roster of San An­ tonio’s Women of the Year, a tradition which began at the Express-News in 1954. 

A rts 

From opera at Arneson 
River Theater to ballet in 
Farmer’s Market to jazz in 
Trav is Park, Hazel M. Tillson sees that the arts are ai cessi­ ble to all citizens and visitors to San Antonio 
She is cultural program supervisor for the San Antonio 
Parks and Recreation De­ partment. 
Under her supervision* the recreation department offers more than 2oo classes a week in art, music, dance and dra­ ma to children and adults. She heads a staff of 22 . 
A native of British Guiana with a lifetime interest in the arts, she is the wife of James 
Tillson and the mother of two children. 
Career 

Career woman Sara Spears 
Cook makes her mark in the fields of nutrition and aid to the elderly. 

Alda Loflin has spent her 14 years in San Antonio on a 
“ soap box” trying to help her community. 
The South San Antonio Wo­ man's Club and the South San 
Antonio 
PTA 
Council provided the opportunities to work with others dedicated to the betterment of life “ “ ...not just in South San Antonio but throughout the world,” she says. 
As current president of the 
South San Antonio Woman's 
Club, she’s promoting her belief that it takes hard work to get things accomplished. 
“ Wishing doesn’t get the job done.” 
Alda is the wife of Air Force 
Sgt. (ret.) Ward T. Loflin. 
With their two daughters married, she finds that politi­ cal activities and club projects benefitting the young and the elderly are her prime interests. 

See WOMEN, Page K E 

MILDRED WHITEAKER 

U P R fS S N ew s W OM EN S SOITO? 

The women were chosen in 
IO categories on the basis of the many nominations by Ex- press-News readers. 
Outstanding Women for the 
Bicentennial Year are: Arts, 
Hazel M. Tillson; Career, 
Sara Spears Cook; Church, 
Mrs. Leroy K. Grimes; Clubs, 
Alda J. Loflin; Gardener, 
Mrs. E. B. Jenks; Parent- 
Teacher, 
Mrs. 
Bobby 
L. 
Kniejski; Homemaker, Mrs. 
Robert L. Rund; Hostess, 
Mrs. Peter T. Flawn; Sports, 
Mrs. Charles F. Dibrell, and 
Volunteer. Alicia G. Martin­ ez. 
They will be honored at an invitational reception from 3 to 5 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 22. in the Bright Shawl Tearoom. 
Engraved silver bowls will be presented to each W?oman of the Year in a brief program at 
4 p m. . 
Women who have received the honor in previous years will be among the guests. 
T e e n s 

For the first time, Bexar 
County's Top Teen boy and girl named in the annual Ex­ press-News search will also be introduced at the party. 
They are Mary Martha 
Marmon, a 1976 graduate of 
Holmes High School and a freshman at the University of 
Texas, and Clinton Linn 
Montgomery, a senior at 
Churchill High School. The selections were announced during the summer. 
Balloting for Women of the 
Year was lively as always, with nominations ranging from nine in the Sports cate­ gory to 36 in the Career. 
There are many overlap­ ping areas of interest among the winners who come from varied parts of the Greater 
San Antonio area. Six of the women have careers or part­ time jobs in addition to their multiple civic, cultural and charitable involvements. 
Members of the women’s staff of the Express-News have written individual stories on the winners which will appear daily in the Ex­ press beginning Monday. 
Meanwhile, here are brief 
Introductions to our 1976 Wo­ men of the Year: 

As director of Project Free, she supervises the planning, preparation and delivery of more than KMM) meals a day to homes of the aging. 
Training as a registered nurse and a master’s degree in nursing education provide excellent background for her chosen profession. She has been with the social service agency for seven years. 
Mrs. Cook is president of 
Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority which is concerned with the needs of senior citizens. She is the mother of two children. 

Church 

Effie Nell Grimes has been involved in church work all her life. She has been an ac­ tive member of the McKinley 
Avenue 
United 
Methodist 
Church since she married 
Leroy Grimes 31 years ago and moved to San Antonio. 
Back in her home town of 
Iago, Tex. (pop.2oo), Effie 
Nell belonged to the Iago Fe­ derated Church — a combina­ tion of Methodists, Baptists, 
Christians 
(Disciples of 
Christ) and Presbyterians united under one pastor. 
This budding ecumenical movement undoubtedly in­ fluenced Mrs. Grimes' efforts in helping form the Presa 
Community Service Center in 
San Antonio last spring. The 

Individual stories on the Women o f the Year will a p ­ pear in the Express 
Scene section be- gi ti fling Mon day. 

 center is a joint outreach ef­ fort between Southside Chris­ tian, St. Cecelia’s Catholic, 
Central Baptist and St. Paul’s 
Lutheran churches. 
She has served in many 
Methodist capacities on both the local and district levels. 
Mr. and Mrs. Grimes have two children and two grand­ children. 
Clutks 

Introducing San Antonio's 
Outstanding W omen for 1976! 
The Top IO for the Bicenten­ nial 
Year were chosen through nominations by Ex­ press-News readers, a tradi­ tion which began in 1954. 
They will be honored at a re­ ception in the Bright Shawl 
Tearoom Jan. 22. 

Meet Symphony Belles 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 1977 

BELLES include , top/ M isse s Suzanne W est, Rhonda Bran­ non, Laurie Lewis; bottom , Karen Bennett and Torrey 
Stanley photos ion ion*s 

Thirteen Symphony Belles will be introduced at the Symphony Ball at 7 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 
22, in the St. Anthony Hotel. 

Mrs. Dolph B risco e w ill be h on orary c h a ir m a n of th e e v e n t, w h ic h w ill i n ­ clude cocktails, dinner and dancing to the m usic of Al 
Sturchio and his orchestra. 
The B elles and their par­ e n t s a r e M is s R u th A nn 
A le s s a n d r o , d a u g h t e r of 
Mrs. Victor Alessandro and th e la t e Dr. A le s s a n d r o ; 
M is s 
K a ren 
B e n n e t t , d au gh ter of Dr. and Mrs. 
Dale Edward Bennett; M iss 
Rhonda Brannan, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Harold M. 
Brannan. 
A ls o , 
M is s 
K r is te n 
B uschm an, daughter of Mr. and 
M rs 
R o b er t 
A. 
B u s c h m a n ; M is s P a m e la 
D e a r in g 
C h r is t ia n , daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
F ran k P. C hristian; M iss 
Karen C legg, d a u g h ter of 
M r. a n d M rs. M a r s h a ll 
C le g g ; M iss L a u r ie Ann l/cwis, daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. A. J. Lew is .lr. 

Belles 

A ls o , 
M is s 
M a r g a r e t 
Musk* 
L o w e n s t e in . dau ghter of Mrs. Edw ard 
Cassiri and Hugh P. Lowen­ stein ; M iss 1*o111o1o Ann 
Manitzas, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. M anit­ zas; 
M iss 
B a r b a r a 
O ppenheim er. dau ghter of 
Mr. and Mrs. .Jesse II. Op­ penheimer. 
A lso, M iss T orrey M ar­ garet Stanley, daughter of 
Mrs. M argaret King S ta n ­ ley and Shelby C. Stan ley 
.Jr.; M is s E v a P a u l e t t e 
Stool, daughter of Dr. and 
M rs. N e w s o m Stool; and 
M is s S u z a n n e S. W e s t , d au gh ter of M rs. Sybil S. 
W est and D r. R o b ert V. 
West Jr. 
The Belles attend Alamo 
Heights High School except for M is s e s B e n n e t t an d 
Stool, who attend Churchill, and M isses Stanley, Lowen­ stein. and Alessandro, who attend St. M ary’s Hall. 

M is s 
A le s s a n d r o h a s p layed field h o ck ey , b a s ­ ketball. volleyball and soft­ ball for her school and is an officer on the Sports Coun­ cil She has been recognized for a c a d e m ic e x c e ll e n c e and is a m em b er of the 
S o c iety of D is t in g u is h e d 
American High School S tu ­ dents. 

Lancer 

M iss B en n ett is co-cap - tarn of the Lancer D an ce 
T e a m , a m e m b e r of Leo 
C lub and 
F u t u r e 

[—B y--------------------- 

EVE LYNN 
SAWYER 

H o m em a k ers of A m erica. 
Her sp ec ia l in te re sts are horseback riding, cooking, s e w i n g , s w i m m i n g a n d water skiing. 
M iss Brannan is a varsity c h e e r le a d e r , G ir ls S ta te d eleg a te. Student C ouncil m em b er, a m em b er since her junior year of National 
Honor Society, and w as on the Varsity Sw im T eam her fr e s h m a n y e a r . S h e h a s studied ballet for 13 years. 
In 1975 she participated in the A m erican In stitute of 
F oreign Study in Europe. 
M iss B uschm an is varsity cheer leader, Most R ep re­ se n ta tiv e G irl, H o m e c o m ­ ing Junior D uch ess, and is a m em b er of National Honor 
S o c i e t y , 
S p u r s , 
F r e n c h 
Club. Spanish Club. Chaps and is treasurer of Service 
Club and Senior C lass Cha- plain. 
M iss 
Christian ch or­ eographed the 
Senior 
Play, “ B ye B ye Birdie" and other show s and played a leading role in "G odspell” at T heater San Antonio. She won a sc h o la r sh ip to the 
University of T exas and the 
1975 T r a n s - T e x a s S ta te 
G y m n a s t i c s 
C h a m p i o n ­ ships. She a ccom p an ies the sch ool choir and g ir ls e n ­ sem ble. 

Queen 

M iss C legg is 1976 H o m e­ c o m in g 
Q u e e n , v a r s i t y cheer leader, a Teena T exas board m em b er, m em b er of 
Spanish National Honor So­ ciety. Mu Alpha T heta. Los 
A m ig o s o f f i c e r . and m em b er of Young Life and 
Cam paigners. 
M is s L e w is b e lo n g s to 
Chaps and Spurs. Spanish 
National Honor Society, Mu 
Alpha Theta, Los A m igos. 
L os C o m p a n e r o s , ju n io r varsity tennis team , honor roll and National Honor So­ c iety . In ad d ition , s h e is 
Chaps chaplain and sheriff. 
S h e e n jo y s w a ter s k iin g , te n n is, h u n tin g and c o o k ­ ing. 

M is s L o w e n s t e in is a fo u r -y e a r hon or roll s t u ­ dent. lieutenant of Capers, m em b er ol yearbook and newspaper staff. In tram u r­ al Sports T eam m em b er, on 

See SY M PH O N Y , P age J E 

BALL honorees, M isse s Pam ela M anitzas, Pam ela Chris­ tian, Ruth Ann A lessandro and Barbara Oppenheim er 

SY M P H O N Y Belles, M isse s Kristen Buschman, M a rga re t 
Lowenstein, Eva Stool and Karen C le gg 

FROST BROS. 

 in tile inimitable I. miller manner, for dresses, suits, the simplistic pump, perched on the perfect heel white calf with Mack, navy or bone patent, 55.oo. the divine sling pump, makes any occasion special navy, black or brown patent with white kidskin, 54.oo. for pants, batardeshery looks, the sport wedge, rad, brown or Mack patent with white kidskin, 58.oo. shoe salon, downtown and north star mall. 

San Antonio E X P R ESS- N EW S— Sunday Janu ary 9 1977 
Ballw in introduce 13 girls 

Sports Council and National 
Junior Honor Society. . 
M iss M anitzas is in ter­ ested in the quieter pursuits of art and music, but her enthusiasm for sports in­ cludes skiing, h orseback rid in g , g y m n a s t i c s and playing tennis. 

Student C ouncil 

M iss O p p e n h e im e r is 
Student Council president, and a m em ber of National 
Honor 
S o c ie ty , 
S e r v ic e 

Club, Mu Alpha Theta. Los 
Amigos, Spanish National 
Honor Society and Science 
Club. She enjoys playing the piano and guitar, sing­ ing, bike riding and playing tennis. 
Miss Stanley is a m em ber of Society of Distinguished 
American High School Stu­ d e n ts , y e a rb o o k and newspaper staffs, and won an award for academ ic ex­ cellence. 
She rid e s h er th o r ­ oughbred hunter competiti­ vely throughout the south­ west. operated a small ca ­ 

 tering service, and is inter­ ested in the art of ancient 
E g y p t, ballet, opera and traveling. 
Miss Stool is a m em ber of 
N ation al H onor S o cie ty , 
W ho's Who of A m e rica n 
High 
School 
S tu d e n ts , 
Grenadier Drill Team , and is Senior Class representa­ tive. She also draws, paints and plays tennis. 

Miss West is a m em ber of v a r io u s 
S p an ish c lu b s , 
Spanish National Honor So­ c ie ty . Mu A loha T h e ta , honor roll. Student Council 

 and an officer of Chaps. 
She was president of the 
Junior Class and secretary of the Freshm an Class. 
/ Additional interests are portrait painting, drawing, horseback riding and play­ ing tennis. 
Mrs. Hugh Halff J r . is chairman of the ball, with 
Mrs. Robert Siegal assist­ ing. Mrs. Neville Murray is c h a ir m a n of the B e lle s , with Mrs. Thomas Kocurek assisting. 
Door p riz e s will be awarded during the even­ ing. Sponsors will be eligi­ 

 ble for a special drawing of a one-week stay in the Aca­ pulco condominium of Mr. and Mrs. Dale Dom, donat­ ed by the Dorns. 

Ribeye 

The dinner menu will in­ clude chilled avocado soup, captain’s salad, ribeye of steak, tomato stuffed with corn o’brien, spinach pud­ ding and mango ice cream 
Chairmen of committees include Mines. George Ma- gruder. invitations; Robert 
Hasslocher, addressing in­ 

 vitations; J a c k A delm an, mailing invitations; Leroy 
G. Denman J r . , program ; 
Thomas Berg, reservations 
Also, Mines. W. T rent 
H a r k r a d e r , d e co ra tio n s ; 
Doyle Wagner J r .. table de­ corations; Seth Newberg, menu; Hertzel Finesilver, music; Ike T Pryor, prizes; 
Clyde C. Crews; treasurer; 
Stanley F ra n k J r . , spo n ­ sors; Daniel J . Sullivan, publicity; Robert Oliver, staging; W alter Y\ 
M cAl­ lister J r ., hospitality; and 
L a u r e n c e 
J . 
M ille r, fund-raising. 

Poge 
3-E 

A TOUCH OF CLASSIC 

 enjoy the exhibit of classic cars january 12 thru 15 in our mall court at north star by members of the lone star region classic car club of america, register for the prize of a duesenberg classic car miniature. no purchase necessary. 

FROST BROS. 

------- 
\ things to count on:\ 
I 
, \clean,uncluttered lines and soft\ 
I 
'.silhouettes, effortless yet p re cise *^ 

/ 
I detailing, natural fabrications 
J 
I and pale whites, pastels, here, from j 
I our spring repertoire, the I 
J 
I blaier suit, defined at the waist;] 

/ the skirt a bit fuller, longer; alive/ 

 with movement, 34o.oo, in / 

I couturier collections, the pantsuit, 

 trim of line and form, 1oo.oo, in predictions shop. I 

 the crop jacket,116.oo, above a flair of skirt, 74.oo; played 
" 

 against subtle window pane shirting, 36.oo, in designer 

 sportswear, from our classic collections throughout 

 f our shops now. downtown and north star mall. 

San Antonio EXPRES5-NEWS-—-Sunday January 9 1977 
Weissmans praise 
Lone Star living 

Texans by choice — that’s the 
Bennett 
W eissm ans. They de­ cided “ Life’s too short to spend it shoveling snow ’’ and left the windy chilly city of 
Chicago. 
Stevie and 
B ennett 
W eissm an and ch ild ren , 
Lauren 15, Wendy 13, An­ drew 9 and Mitchell 8, ne­ gotiated a six month plan and three years ago moved to their land of prom ise, 
“ And it has lived up to our expectations,” Stevie says, 
“ W e’ve never been happier” 
Almost every Sunday since they’ve adopted Tex­ as, they've taken one-day 

ALL IN THE 
FAMILY 

 sightseeing jaunts. Up at dawn they head for Austin, 
Houston, across the Mexi­ can border, Brackettville, or some other spot of inter­ est. 

 t fashions 

Bold 

Stripes . . . 

Black 

 accents 

 white in 

 bold 

 stripes, 

 sharply 

 contrasted 

 with 

 border 

 trim o f 

 red 

 and 

 yellow 

 in spring 

 soft, 

 filmy 

 cotton. 

Misses 

 sizes. 
$76. 

53o3 Broadway 
928 8286 

Bennett was born in Chi­ cago. His college years were spent at Drake Uni­ versity with graduate work at Miniola. 
With his new pharmacy degree. Bennett managed a chain drug store in Chicago. 
In San Antonio he worked for Sommers Drug Stores for six m onths and then bought the downtown Lee’s 
Prescription Shop. 
Stevie says, “ When we first looked at the shop, I told Bennett, you’ve got to buy it, even if you don’t open the drug store. It was full of antique pharmaceutical bottles and instruments. I fell in love with it the minute I saw it.” 
The family already had an antique pharmaceutical collection and other an­ tiques. Some of their arti­ cles will be displayed in the 
Institute of Texan Cultures. 

B ennett has served as director for the Jewish Fa­ mily and Children's Service 
Agency and counseling for fam ily problem s for the agency directing the relo­ cation of Russian Jews new in America. 
Having met at a basket­ ball game, naturally they are Spurs fans. 
At the coast, Bennett en­ joys beachcom bing and strolling the beach. 
The W eissm ans enjoy giving theme parties. They gave a German-style party for 15o people and hand-de­ livered the beer bottle invi­ tations late into the evening. 
“ Lauren’s parties have a way of growing. She plans for IO or 12 and ends up with a crow d,” her m other laughs. 
Antiquing has also be­ come a family hobby, with the youngsters as enthused as their parents. 
Stevie 
Stevie was born in Kansas 
City, Mo., and attended 
Drake University in Des 
Moines, Iowa, where she met Bennett, 
After m arriage, Stevie quit school and the two lived on peanut b u tter sandwiches and drug store m eals where 
B ennett earned money, by making deliveries. 
“The family has been my whole life,” Stevie says. “ I started out as chief bottle w asher and have added things like social secretary to my talents.” 
Stevie is vice president of ways and mean for National 
Council of Jewish Women. 
Last October she had the 

LUNT 
STERLING 

Special 
New Year 
Sale... 

Now is the time to add those missing pieces to your 
Sterling Silver 
Service! 

Vs OFF 

Do hurry . . . this is a 
Limited Time Offer. 

OPEN STOCK 
ALL ACTIVE 
PATTERNS 

NEW ACCOUNTS INVITED 

NEVER ANY INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 

Mondoy'-Sotorday IO a.m. to 5 3o p m. 

. 
: 
JBII 

A i l ’!* 
1§I<.; 

THI BENNITT WEISSMANS, Mitchell, Andrew, Lauren and Wendy — with family pets 
Bonaparte hidden behind Andrew, and Blizzard, up front. 

NCJW Las V egas N ight under her d ire c tio n .’ 
Another fund-raiser was the 
Bargainata or giant garage sale. 
She’s also a member of 
B randeis U niversity Wo- men’s Committee, Temple 
Sisterhood and the couple belongs to their chidren’s 
PTA’s 
Needlepoint is a favorite pastime because it can tra­ vel with her. 
“ I enjoy plants, but a plant thief struck and my planters are bare,” Stevie says. 
She is starting as a docent at the Institute of Texan 
Cultures — just to prove that she has picked up.en­ ough Texas lore to match the natives. 
“ I have a house full of eager eaters,” she says, “ so 
I enjoy cooking. I love bak­ ing and cooking new dishes.” 
Lauren is a sophomore at 
C hurchill High School. 
She s now a member of the 
Pep Squad and will try out for the dance or drill team. 

“We go to all the Charger gam es and yell the lou­ dest,’’ she laughs. 
The Coast is her favorite 
Texas spot. Especially if there are lots of teenagers around. If any of her friends mention the coast, she’s ready to go. 
“ She really is a good cook, too,” her Mom says. 
The boys tease, saying they used her last cookies for hockey pucks — hut they're kidding. 
“ Mama lets me help with the cooking and the clean up jobs,” Lauren laughs. 
She belongs to the San 
Antonio 
F ederation of 
Temple Youth and B’nai 
Brith Youth Organization. 
She’s a member of the Oc­ tagon Club at Churchill, a service club for boys and girls, sponsored by the Op­ timists. 
Lauren’s room is a “jun- le” of her plants. She de- initely has a green thumb. 
Wendy is an 8th grader at 
Eisenhower. She plays the clarinet in the band. Prac­ tice for honor band and sectionals help fill her time. 

She’s busy preparing for d istric t convention in 
March. She will try to qua­ lify in solo and ensemble. 
She’s president of the 
Junior National Honor So­ ciety and is a Thespian. She will compete in impromptu speaking in school speech festivals. 
Wendy enjoys needlepoint and has made some beauti­ ful pillows. She likes to bake cookies and cup cakes. 
She's in the Youth Group, 
BEST, at Temple Beth El. 
She would like to be a lawyer one day. 
Andrew 
Andrew is a fourth grader at Harmony Hills Elemen­ tary School. He likes to draw ears, hot rods, sharks and other exciting things. 
He plays soccer with the 
San Antonio Youth Soccer 
Association and likes to play and watch football. 
He’s on the swim team of the Harmony Hills Cabana 
Club. 
He has about ten goldfish now but he has also, in true boy fashion, had several 

 snakes, a king and rat snake. 
He has made models of boats, pirates, antique cars, dragsters and others. 
He also has a collection of soldiers, wooden and metal. 
He has at least 5o. His grandparents brought some from Europe. 
Port Aransas is also a favorite swimming spot of his. 
He was a Cub Scout for two years. He is planning to go to the Spur camp this summer to learn basketball 
Ups. 
He enjoys rid in g his skateboard and will play baseball with the Y team this spring. He likes to read war books as well as the 
Arabian Knights. 
Mitchell 
Second grader, Mitchell, also attends Harmony Hills 
Elementary He’s enthused about learning to read by himself His present reader is “ Rainbows.” He likes free tim e in the learning center where he can read library books. 

PHOTO 
PON JONES 
He plays football for the 
Town North YMCA. He played basketball with the 
Harmony Hills Chargers. 
Sports including swimming are his favorite pastime. 
“ Believe it or not, Mit­ chell loves to mow grass. 
He cuts ours before it gets good out of the ground and searches the neighborhood for shaggy’ grass,” his Mom laughs. 

The coast offers lots for him to do, Mitchell says. He. loves to hunt shells. 
The family pups, both in the picture, are black Bon- apart (hard to find) and white Blizzard. 
“ We both cam e from close-knit fam ilies and want to raise our family that way,” Bennett says. 
Stevie adds, “ We are an active, noisy fam ily. We tease and laugh a lot but we’re very close and our love is strong. We believe in living every day to the ful­ lest.” 
NEXT WEEK: Meet the 
Loverns 
CAF secret weapon is love 

If spending a week in a pigmy-sized car with a full-sized driver and two wild Indians is a 
“vacation” — then, I just returned from my vacation! 
( 
After a couple of days at 
South 
Padre Island last week, we stopped to visit the Confederate Air Force 
Headquarters in Harlingen. 
I soon discovered that CAF dedication goes far beyond the “ . . . preservation of the w orld’s g re a te st a ir ­ craft . . . ” 
“The B-24 will be taking off in about 3o m inutes,” a 
CAF colonel said as we signed the guest book at the 
World War ll Museum at 
Rebel Field. " It’s a special flight for a youngster,” he added with prtde. 
While our family stood at a sideline distance watch­ ing the gasoline spill from the balking carburetors of the 
B-24 
L ib erato r, 

 r - B y— — ------------------ 
I BEVERLY ONEALAmJ 

!5-year*old M ark Good- friend sat front and center before the plane in his wheelchair. 
He watched every turn of the props, every belch of smoke, every move of the colonels (All m em bers of the CAF, I learned, hold the commission of “ colonel” .) 
Flight 

Mark had been lifted onto the roaring airplane and the local press had boarded the 
“ Diamond *141’” when I in­ troduced m yself to Col. 
Bercot, CAF’s public rela­ tions official. 
“ You can get on the plane,” Col. Hill. CAF Exe­ cutive 
D irector, said. 
“ There s one seat left.” 
“ I don’t want to go on the flight!” I insisted. (I wasn’t leery of the plane ride - - - but I suspected if I went up in that B-24 without Hubby and the boys. I might have 

 to walk hack to San Antonio 
— all 2oo miles! 
One m inute and one liability release later. 
I found myself inside the 1941 aircraft talking with Mark 
Goodfriend. 
I loved him. His dark, intense eyes were not scan­ ning the ground below, but were studying the engines just outside the window. 
Mark knew the plane. He had read the book. 
Though Mark’s physical comfort and appearance is affected by a disease we 

 don’t understand, he was like any other American boy as he told me about his model planes, his interest in World War ll airplanes and his love for fl>mg. I knew we were sharing a time to remember. 
Critics* 

The C onfederate Air 
Force is som etim es m a­ ligned for preserving sym­ bols of war instead of peace. 
When I watched a reenact­ ment of Pearl Harbor at a 
CAF air show last year. 

 those thoughts occurred to me. I was wrong! 
Someone among the re­ porters and cameramen on the plane said the flight was the fulfillment of a “ last request" for Mark. That s wrong too! 
The flight was the fulfillment of a dream ’ And w hen a full crew of dedicat­ ed men go to the immense expense and time consum­ ing effort of launching a vintage B-24 - - - just so a boy’s dream can come true that’s LOVE, not WAR! 

Tent party honors first deb of 1977 

As the first d eb u ­ tante to bow in 1977 , 
Miss Alicia Carrington 
Christian was present­ ed to society by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. 
Frank'P. Christian, at a Bedouin tent party in their home Saturday night. 
T o rch es lig h ted the driveway as a costumed at­ tendant ushered guests into a tented Oriental setting.* 
P ersian rugs covered the tile entry way, and the co­ lu m n s w ere d rap e d with off-white homespun caught back with blue, red and green felt ties. 
Hanging against the ex­ te rio r wall of the hom e were Nomadic designs on felt panels in colors taken from the ru g s. T u rk ish g ree n , b rick red. w hite, deep navy and gold. 
A m u sician played the 
1o-stringed oud beneath a p alm tre e . and belly dancers in brilliant, filmy costum es took the guests* coats. Inside the home was the receiving line with the hosts, the honoree, her es­ cort, Charles M. Huev Jr., her sponsor and husband, 
Dr. and M rs. G eorge D. 
Case, and her sister. Miss 
Mara Harrison Christian. 

Satin 

Miss Christian’s gown by 
Phyllis for the House of 
Blanchi was of delustered satin with a wide V-neckline of English net. The net was edged in venine lace with the scrollwork emphasized in multi-sized pearls and iridescent paillettes. The skirt flared into back full­ ness with inverted pleats. 
Mrs. C h ristia n 's three- piece ensem ble of Indian silk had a gold silk gauze see-through blouse topped with a vest in black printed with red flowers. Very wide pants in the black and red silk were emphasized by a wide waistband. 
The la rg e tented c o u r­ tyard was filled with low tables covered with multi- 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 977 
Paqe 
5-E 
-38a.y i f t l r y 
- r 
- 
. 
- 
. 
. 
- 
- l... .^-y. .„ 
,y - g a . 
- f . 
- 
. 
.t-., r 
.-»■» - 
'TinMl i r t i i i W B i l i r r — 
T 
» ■« * 

 colored hand-woven cloths. 
A series of lighted ca n ­ dles w ere on each table. 
They w ere serv ed w ith m ounds of pillows in the sam e Moroccan colors and fabrics as the cloths. 

Bands 

During the early part of the evening Kenny Fisher played. L ater Zane Grey provided p ro g re s s iv e country music. 
The dining room table held an antique T urkish brazier of brass with pea­ cock feathers. A series of 
Middle Eastern delicacies were on the table, including lamb, Arabic bread, humus 
(chick pea dip), yogurt, and wrapped grape leaves. 
On another table spiced 
Turkish coffee was served from an antique brass sa­ movar alongside baklava. 
One wall of the room was draped with the off-white muslin and banners with the bold designs on them. 
A small room off the patio had the walls entirely co­ vered with the flat-weave 
O rien ta l ru g s. C an d les lined the window sills. An antique carved stone trough held iced wine. Other areas w ere sitting room s with piles of pillows, and brass and co p p er c o n ta in e rs holding peacock feathers. 
Wine and cheese w ere served on additional tables in the library and the hall­ way. 

A. -if v •». 
■,;/ /'*! 
'■ 'i Hi*' 'c’s 
•• >. 
. . ’ n 
-• v. 
’•vo.y <’ v •• 
.. 
•' SA. 
:■ 

. ... 
\;M 

.<• 
>• 
.. 
,-,H A j*'.. 
•> ., 
' " - 
% 
A* '' y 
: , v . 
< 

. ;■ 
; 
■ ' * ' v 
V* 

•V*-* fA- . C,;'- ■■ 

I ; 
A®*;- 

If 

■ 'V' 

 t . 

' W 
Si..’. . 

MISS ALICIA CARRINGTON CHRISTIAN 

BIP into shape 

(This is the first in a series of 15 articles in which 
Josephine Lowman, author of Why Grow Old? and lead­ ing authority on health and beauty, tells you exactly what to do to lose 2o pounds in eight weeks. You may want to save these menus and exercises to refer back to during the eight-week period.) 

By JOSEPHINE LOWMAN 

There is nothing quite like a New Year! It is like being born again. Past m istakes are behind us and a shining undamaged chunk of life lies ahead. G rab onto it with gladness and enthusiasm — we have been given another chance! 

I think this is why so many peo­ ple m ake New Year resolutions 
They feel that they can m ake a fresh start because a new chapter in life is opening up for them . and it is! Why not take action 
NOW’ while your 1977 resolutions are young and strong 
The resolve to indulge in self improvement is probably the one women make most often. They resolve to take better care of their health and to give serious atten­ tion to their skin, but first on the list is the pro m ise to lose any overweight they have. 
T his is why I b rin g you m y 
Eight Week Beauty Improvement 
Plan (BIP for short) at this time of year. 
In eight short weeks you can lose from ,15 to 2o pounds, look and feel y ea rs younger, s tre a m lin e 

 bulges and im prove your c o m ­ plexion and hair T housands of women who follow B IP do this every year. 
First 

This is the first day of BIP 
During this week and the next I will bring you all of the informa­ tion you need for a flying star! 
You will be given menus with the calories already counted and I will bring you an exercise each day. 

I w ill help you decide what your ideal weight is and which m ea­ surements need revamping. I will also give you all the information you need to carry on alone. After that I will greet you once a week with loads more knowhow and lots of encouragement. 
'S on will be given grocery lists before the menus appear so that you can have the necessary items on hand. 

GROCERY LIST KOR - 
MONDAY. JAN. IO. 
TUESDAY. JAN. II 

MEAT/FISH :8-1ooz. round steak 
(no bone or fat) and a 5-6 oz. fish fillet or fish steak of your choice 
(flounder fillet, salm on steak, etc). 
DAIRY: I quart skim milk, I small package cream cheese. 
FRUITS: I banana, I medium tangerine. I medium apple 

V E G E T A B L E S: I s m a ll c u ­ cum ber. I bunch scallions, 5-6 medium size m ushrooms, I m e­ dium potato, largo carrot, about 2o fresh spinach leaves, a sm all bunch of fresh dill, p a rs le y 
(optional), lettuce. 

Exercise: MAKE YOUR STO­ 
MACH MUSCLES STRONGER 
Sit on tho floor. Leon back a little, hands on the floor for support. Hem! your left knee up to your abdomen. 
.‘is you straighten your left leg bend your right knee up to your abdomen. 
One leg straightens as the other bends. 
Continue. Feet should not touch the floor ofter beginning this exercise. 

DRY GOODS O atm eal, c ra n ­ berry juice, I loaf whole wheat broad, beef bouillon cubes, ru e . corn or bran muffin, coffee, tea 

SEASONING: Small bottles of dry sherry and soy sauce; dried dill weed if no fresh dill; low ca­ lorie salad dressing, (less (hail 25 calories per tbsp ); lemon juice 

All you have to do to join BIP is follow my c o lu m n s in this newspaper. If you would like lo have my BIP Kit which gives you more reducing menus, exercises, a calorie chart and a unique wall chart on which you plot your pro­ gress, send 59 cents and a long, stamped, self-addressed envelope with your request to Jo sep h in e 
Lowman, iii care of flu* Express- 
News, Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex 

DUCES HOLIDAY GAINING 

Grits recipe contest 

Next to peanuts, grits are the most talked-about food sweeping the country since 

ONE 
CENT 
SHOE 
SALE 
$ 

FIRST PAIR...O RIGINAL PRICE 
SECOND PAIR OF EQUAL VALUE 
OR LESS...O N E CENT 

Entire Stock Not Included ffiaryos fa fffocfe 

P re s id e n t-e le c t C a r t e r ’s election. 

And San Antonio cooks are S o u th ern enough to have their ow n good recipes for grits. 

Send your favorite recipe using grits and enter the next San Antonio News food section contest. 

Five dollars will go to the person en terin g the best grits recipe by mailing it to 
Food E ditor. The News, 
Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex. 
78297 before Jan. 13. 

Write your recipe on one side of a sheet of jaaper, tell why it is your favorite and 
Mgn your name, giving your address and daytime tele­ phone number. 

Only tested recipes are eligible, and only one entry from each contestant will be considered. 

The winning grits recipe will be published Jan. 27. 
Watch for the winning re­ cipe using spinach on Jan. 
13 and the winning Chinese recipe on Jan. 2o. 

SPECIAL SELLING! TED SAVAL -BONITA ' ... AN EASY 
GOING LOW HEELED SHOE IN BLACK, CAMEL, GREY, 
WHITE, RUST OR WINE. ORIG. $2o; NOW $12.9o, 

OUR SEMI-ANNUAL SALE NOW IN PROGRESS! 

UNBELIEVABLE SALE 
SENSATIONAL SAVINGS! 
ENDING DEFINITELY SAT., JAN. 15 
AU FABRICS 6H DISPLAY 

••••••A LL BOLTS PLAINLY M A R K E D M M M 

 otsoo aoooo t wmmm 
V J 
AA 
V.. -VA, 
J Guarantee 
I 
9 VVO OM A U FABRICS 

North Star Mall 
McCrelest Plaza 
314 E. Houston 

## r 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1 9 7 7 
Gals pick dapper judge as fashion plate winner 

Sam, you made the pants too long. 
Uncle Sam, that is. 
T h e d i s s a t i s f i e d m a le was Ju d g e Solomon Cassel) 

J r ., who im m e d ia te ly did s o m e th i n g a b o u t his ill-fitting World W ar II p ri­ vate’s uniform. He went to 
San A ntonio’s fam ed Lau- terstein’s and had his Army 

 outfit custom -m ade. 
W h ich te l ls you a lot a b o u t th e six -fo o t o n e , 
185-lb. law yer who will be nam ed Fashion P late of the 
Y ear S a tu rd a y at the Wo- 

IdooLerie 

Central park Mall 

LADIES SHOES NOW 

PRICE 

There’ s a w orlei of savings w aiting for you at out fan ta stic shoe sale. Choose from 

 our stock of fa ll and w inter shoes. A 

Great way to renew your shoe wardrobe and save too1 Use your charge, Master Charge, 

 or Bank Airier Icard. 

GROUP OF BOOTS 3 o % TO 5 o % OFF 

 m en in C o m m u n ic a tio n s ’ 
Man A bout Twon fashion sh o w a n d lu n c h e o n in 
J o s k e ’s C a m e l li a R o o m . 
Alamo Plaza. 
T h e n a tiv e San A n to n ­ i a n ’s i n t e r e s t in c lo th e s dates all the way back “ to my high school years at St. 
M a r y ’s A c a d e m y ,” c o n ­ fid es th e b a c h e lo r-a b o u t- town. And his interest has n e v e r w aned th ro u g h his stud ies at St. M a ry ’s U ni­ versity and th e U niversity of Texas and right into his s u c c e s s f u l p ro f e s s io n a l carcer. 
Today, the Fellow in the e lite I n t e r n a t i o n a l A c a ­ dem y of Trial Lawyers has his pic k of ov er 2(1o suits an d n u m b e r l e s s s h i r t s , socks, ties, shoes, han dk er­ c h ie f s an d o th e r a c c e s ­ sories. 
Is k e e p in g t r a c k of choices difficult? Not the way he does it. 
An e n o r m o u s w a lk -in c lo s e t in h is N o rth S in e con do m in ium is a rra n g e d so that the attorney can tell at a glance “ what goes with w h a t . ” On on e s id e . th e s u its , c o a ts , ja c k e ts and vests, all color coordinated. 
On th e o th e r s id e , th e s h irts . And im m e d ia te ly below th e s h i r ts , all th e o th er ite m s m a rk e d as to color and design. 
Also at the clothes buff’s fingertips—over 
IOO cuf­ flinks and a variety of rings and watches, the gold to go with his brow ns and tans, the silv er w ith his b lacks and grays. 
As for h is fa v o r ite s , leisure suits are high on the list. P lu s “ s p e c ia l o c c a ­ s io n ” d re s s in g . F o r a fa­ m ily an d c lo s e fr ie n d s 
C h ris tm a s eve p a rty , th e 

 tall Texan played host in a r o s e -c o lo r e d v e lv e te e n ju m p suit. D u rin g the holi­ d a y s Jhe fa v o r e d a b la c k v e lv e t c o a t w o rn w ith a pearl gray shirt, blue-gray wool pants and a wine, red and gray ascot. 
Do c lo th e s m a k e th e m an? 
“ They certainly can pro­ ject a m a n ’s p erson ality,” c la im s th e fo rm e r p re s id ­ ing district judge of B exar 
C o u n ty . 
B u t, s a y s S o l, expensive clothes and lots of c lo th e s a r e not th e a n sw e r. A few c lo th es in good ta s te , r e g a r d le s s of p ric e , can do th e job for m e n a n d w o m e n , he b e ­ lieves. 
Shop 

“ lf I had the tim e—and I d o n ’t k now if 
I e v e r will—I’d like to open a shop for men and women w here ev ery th in g would be v ery personally selected accord­ ing to p u r s e a n d personality.” he d ream s. 
T ic k e t s fo r th e 
M an 
About Town ev en t, w hich f e a t u r e s 32 m a le m o d e ls from new spaper, television a n d ra d io , a r e $7.25 p e r person. 
T ic k e t s a r e a v a il a b le through Jo s k e ’s ticket s e r ­ vices or by sending checks m ade out to YVICI to Ja n 
Smith, News and Inform a­ tion, U niversity of Texas at 
San Antonio, 78285. 
Ju d g e Cassel) was chosen for th e “ b e s t d r e s s e d ” h o n o r by a c o m m i t t e e h e a d e d by M ild r e d W hi- tea k e r, w o m en ’s ed itor of the San A ntonio F x p re s s - 
NeWs, an d R e n e ta S m ith 
Byrne, fashion editor of the 
San Antonio Light. 

FORMER Judge Sol Casseb Jr., a 2oo-suit man, is the W IG choice for the 1 9 7 7 Fashion Plate Award 

Brandeis group slates brunch 

San Antonio C h a p te r of 
B r a n d e is U n iv e r s ity N a ­ tional W om en’s Com m ittee will honor its life-m em bers w ith a brunch from 1o:3o a m . to 12:3o p.m. Friday. 

Jan . 28, in the hom e of Mrs. 
Stanley Spigel. 
All co m m ittee m em b e rs are invited to the brunch. 
C o-chairm en of th e event 

 are Mrs. Sol Schwartz and 
Mrs. Spigel. 
R e s e r v a t io n s m a y b e m a d e w ith M rs. I r v in g 
B arenblat and Mrs. Spigel. 

Women's 
Fashion &Scw^ 
I 

I Revolutionizes Home Sewing 
I i 

Sew a Dress in 2 Hours and Have Fun Doing It! 

Viol 'l our Sewing W ill Have That ProtosHonal Finished Look. 

By HELEN I IMH K 
I a n t li on E d i t o r 

.. ”1 aru so busy adjusting my patterns, that lean hardly find time to sew,” a typical home- seamstress complains. 
"NO WON D FR ”, said Dusan 
Mrak, spokesman for the 
American Fashion Institute of 
New York. Dusan is also a leading authority on Sewing in the U.S. today. 
’’If Ready-to-wear industry used such obsolete methods as the home-seamstress is ex­ pected to uses there would simply be NU industry , since garments would take at least five times as long to make.” 
Speaking from experience, 
Dusan as the head of A.K.I., spent a number of years with the Institute developing com­ pletely new techniques, de­ signed exclusively to solve the most critical area in Home- 
Sewing • that in Pattern Fit­ ting. 
American Fashion Institu­ te, a New York based firm, maintains that it looks as if most of the giants in the 
Home-sewing industry try d a m n hard to make her 
I sewing efforts as difficult as 
( possible. It starts with the pattern; - when she opens the 
, envelope, she finds 12 to I 8 
| parts in it. Every one of them 
I must be proportionately adju- 
: sled. 
I 
That in it self is virtually 
I impossible but she tries for 
I 4 to 6 hours and ends up with 
| a mess. By the time she thinks 
: it is ready to cut on fabric, she 
| is fed up and has no will or de- 
I sire to complete the garment. 
; She is constantly faced with 
Iniying cheap fabrics with the 
: thought in mind, "lf it doesn’t 
( come out right, it w on’t cost too much.” Most women have 

I 
: $61) to $15o worth of patterns at home. Half of them have never even been used. She 
| spends money on Sewing aids 
I that are of no use, for exam- r pie; Pattern Board that will 
I not stay flat - Tracing Wheel 
I that shreds patterns and dest- 
| roys them - Hem marker that 
I will mark as many different i hem lines as times she turns 
I around to mark them • Dress 
P form for $65 that is of no help 
I as it is just a ’Dummy ’- etc.etc. 
I 
An average Home-seam- 
£ stress makes 6 dresses a year. 
I More than 5oT are not “ Fit” 
I to be seen in public. That not 

 only presents a formidable storage problem after years of sewing, but it costs a consider­ able amount of money. 
The American Fashion In­ stitute has perfected a simpli­ fied pattern-making and Fash­ ion designing method that eli­ minates the need of using standard size patterns again and can quickly be mastered by anyone capable of follow­ ing easy directions. 
Knowing that all home- seamstresses could not come to New York for study and training, they decided to take their pattern concepts to the women themselves. Now with a crew of trained lecturers and seamstresses A.F.l. promotes their unique techniques all­ over the United States. Thus 

Fun To Have a Good Fit With 
Us”, he asks the first lady,-1 
"Have you ever made a pat­ tern for yourself’” The an­ swer of course is 
“ NO!” 
Then he continues.- "Now you will make a custom-fitted pat­ tern in about 2o minutes for this lady.” Sighs are heard from the audience, ’T his we must see.” But she makes it 
- for the first time in her life. 
The same lady comes back the following day wearing finished garment, smiling happily. She states; "In 3 hours I have learned more at this Seminar than in all my 2o years of sewing, - where were you all this time? ” 
American Fashion Institu­ te’s pattern making techniques enable anyone to make exact- 

I 

 making this NEW concept )y fitted patterns - it is gua available to everyone. 
The Institute lectures to thousands and thousands of women each year and it is not unusual to see Auditori­ ums packed with 5oo to 6oo women each time. Recently 
1o6o attended the presenta­ tion in the San Francisco Bay area. 
The demonstrations inclu­ de some of the most amazing short cuts and easy sew tech­ niques, What impressed this writer most was, when demon­ strated the innermost secrets of the garment industry which can open doors and show how simple it is to create fast)ions at home by copying almost any famous designer with the aid of the bask1 pre-fitted 
Sheath pattern. 
Basic 
Flat pattern can be used to make n o l e s s t h a n 
7 o o o d i f f e r e n t d e s i g n s . 
Look at the illustration of an elegant design in your Sunday 

 ranteed. 
They have found • through computer technology ! over the past 8 years, the ans- j wer to the problem of finding ; patterns to fit the my rad of • shapes and sizes people come ; in. The method is a b s o I u* I t e I y u n i q u e and design- j ed so simply that can be mast- I ered by 12 year olds and up. j 
No longer need the closets ; of every home-seamstress lurk J- with half-finished garments, J 
- dress with no hem on it - I a blouse with sleeves basted but not sewn - pants cut but ! never attempted. These are I fitting failures • garments that ; the potential wearer tried on ! took off with a hopeless shrug, j 
Perhaps she rips out the seams ; and tries again. Perhaps her j patience wears thin when she J again tries and it just doesn’t I fit. 
With A.F JA NEW methods j you can either use a commerc- | ial Basic pre-fitted pattern, or paper, which in Ready-to-wear purchase the Institute's Magic may cost anything from $8o Fit • Custom Pattern-making | to $185. The Institute shows Kit and never have to buy J how any n o v i c e or ad another pattern again. This • vanced seamstress can make a unique method in sewing will ! pattern copy in less than 15 be a stimulus to the entire • minutes, then sew the same Home-Sewing industry. Most I dress at a cost of $2o in her important Dusan says, ’’lf a j exact individual size and shape woman is able to make beau- ! 
•’regardlesswhat that may be’, tifully fitting up-to-the-minute • 
A.F.I.’s lectures are loaded fashions, she will add immeas * 

 american fashion institute i of New York 

 presents the easy way to sewing j 

L e a r n h o w , in 2 d e l i g h t f u l 3*6 - H o u r c o u rs e s , y o u 

 can see an d le a rn m o r e th a n in a l i f e t i m e o f s e w in g . 

Featuring; 
D U S A N M R A K & JO PETERS 

I n t r o d u c t i o n 

L E A R N HOW TO DO; 

Take correct measurements * Formal fitting of the body * Basic Dress Sloper * Dzrt Transfers * over 7ooo designs possible * no additional fitting needed * 2o minutes Custom-Fitted 
Patterns, Facings A Linings. 
SPECIAL FEA TU RES: 
New technique on how to make patterns shorter or longer * n e v e r pleat or slash again * how to buy exact amount of fabric * unique way to 
I make custom-fitted Shirts, Jackets for men * 

I Custom-Fitting of Basic Pant Sloper * up to 
I 12 different designs * Make 9 different Yokes * 
I Neckline variations, Etc. fctc. 

* Copy any famous designer’s fashions in minutes. 

J OUSAN MRAK i» internationally know n lecturer and authority on P attern dentin and fitting. Through j 
J hit Amplified m ethods which are designed to be used by 12 year olds, you will discover In hours what A 
I most people never learn in a lifetime. 
■* 

EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO I 
KNOW ABOUT SEWING AND DID NOT KNOW 
! 
WHO TO ASK. 
Jo Peters will answer and show... 
A 

1. LEARN TO SEW with NO pins or bastings. 
2. Correctly size & place pockets, with no seams 
| showing. 
3. Do commercial trimming tricks. 
4. Match plaids & stripes an easy way. 
I 
5. Apply no roll waistbands that fit. 
6. Do a perfect one time set in sleeve. 
7. Mark & level your hems as you cut. f 
8. Tailor with no handwork. 
A 
9. Line your coats & jackets with your machine. 
I 
1o. Do bound buttonholes A inset pockets in minutes 2 
11. Fit Pants that have no smiles or frowns g 
12. Professionally press A shape your garments 
And much, much more . . . . 
I 

JO PETERS it • wall know n taachar - instructor and authority on Sowing and Pattorn design. Sh* it s - regular guest on the Peggy Mann WTVD TV show in Durham , N.C. Her long association with the A 
American Fashion Institute makes her lectures a privHedged and professional treat. 
I 

Games party is planned 

A ggie W ives C lub w ill have its annual g am es p a r­ ty a nd lu n c h e o n fro m HI a m. to 2 p.m . T hursday in 
Aggie Park. 
R e s e r v a t io n s m a y be 

 m ade by Monday with Mrs. 
D av id Se.vtfarth o r M rs. 
Scott Cooper. * 

B outique c h a irm a n is 
Mrs. J a m e s Hill. 

 r n I 

 urably to the pride, pleasure j and satisfaction she takes in ; 
Home-Sewing." 
So call your sewing friends J and suggest that they too I 

 with good fun. The instruc­ tor will sometimes call two ladies to the podium, one an average figure, the other as difficult as possible to fit. 
And under their slogan, " I t’s corbe and attend the .seminars.; 
- 
. . 
. 
. . . . 
. . . . — 
. . . . ---------------- . — 
. . . . . . . . . . . . American 
I .oh ion In vt it Ute J 
Some comments by ladies who attended the Seminars: 
'JOO E.64 Si. N.Y.-N.Y. 1oo21 ; 
"After 44 years of sewing, what a lift to see my problems solved so pleasantly, I’m happy 
; 
I traveled 3oo miles to attend M s class." 
Tu l„ B.Ckus - Willits, Ca. 
"Marvelous program. Learned more in 6 hours than IO years of sewing. Can't wait to use 
I my kl, and destgn rn, own clothes." 
_ 
, udj,h Pjtli _ wichlu Ks 
"The ad was such a great challenge. The seminars were more than I expected. I came daring ; you to teach what you advertised. You taught more than I anticipated. 
Thank you." 
• 

Glenda Carpenter • Waukesha, Wit, 
I 
"Fabulous ■ I think everyone who sews would benefit from this without exception. This 
I has completely renewed my enthusiasm for home '■ewing, and restored confidence in my 
I ability to achieve something with my investment of time, energy and money." 

.............................. 
J 

X has completely renewed my enthusiasm for home "ewing .and restored confidence in my 
J 
* a . i n n m m n n u m 
. . . /•• 
, . a 
| ability to achieve something with my investment of time, energy and money." j 
^ 
^ s 15t 3 
I 

B. Leggett - Atherton, Ca. 
\ 
TUISDAY, JANUARY 25th 
9 :3 o a .m .- 
1.oo p.m . A M. Class 2nd 3V* Hrs. £ 

J 
*7 loved the course - now w atch m e go1" 
£rjca Brjgjt. & FrdnciiCO Q j 
6 :3 o p.m . - 1o.oo p.m . p m. Class 2nd 3Vz Hrs. | 

M A K E Y O U R R E S E R V A T IO N S E A R L Y 

BY C A L L IN G 
Or obtain ticket at the door on the day of Seminars if reservation lines are busy. 

Receive FR E E "Designing with D U S A N ” ( 1 6 pg.) 
SH O R T C UTS TO P R O FE S S IO N A L F IT T IN G A N D D E S IG N IN G J! 

7 Hours Course............................. 
$ 1o.oo 

Classes to be held at: 
OAK HILLS MOTOR INN 

(Lava Ballroom) 
74o1 W urzbach Rd. 
San Antonio 
You may bring Taperecorded 
9:3o a.m. • 1.oo p.m. a m . Class 1st 3'/a Hrs. 
6:3o p.m. - 1o.oo p.m. p .m . Class 1st 3*6 Hrs. 

9:3o a.m. • 1.oo p.m. a m . Class 2nd 3V* Hrs. 
6:3o p.m 

MONDAY, JANUARY 24th 

Oldsters. Are You Wen ting or Living? 
T here are countless peculiar beauties about old age. At the very outset and perhaps most im­ portant, there s the blessing of wisdom that only ex­ perience can bring. If we w ere to remove all the knowledge and judgment of men over fifty out of this world, there would hardly be enough to run it. Then there s the beauty of so m any years of togetherness. 
Husband and wife, who side by side, have strug­ gled and conquered and converted problem s to pleasures; who have fought the world an d m ade common stock of joy or sorrow. Just growing old together as Americans, as parents and g ran d ­ parents, as fearless and faithful believers and mem­ bers of their house of worship are beauties that youngsters are missing. 
Make Things Happen 
The course of growing up and growing older in­ cludes volumes of changes and each requires some phase of either giving up or m aking things happen. lust slowing down and hanging on instead of facing forward and moving on can paralyze us. R egard­ less of age, each of us has at least one of three talents that can free us — an d others — for the business of living. We can sit in counsel with others and give of our vast years of experiences. We can pound the pavements with patience in visiting and consoling. We can open our purse strings to plant seeds that fill so many needs, health-wise, spiritual- wise, civic-wise and even political-wise. W e are left with one real choice: to actually face w hat is, and then to focus on what we have and can do. 
I firmly believe that if only we w ant to, we can — and you alone are the ’can-opener." 
Waiting or Living 
An 83 year-old man finally decided that he could not continue to live alone. He felt like a seed hidden in a burlap bag on an island. Although he loved his daughter, her husband and grandchildren, his bet­ ter judgment told him that living with them even­ tually would not work out. He finally decided to visit a nursing home. There he saw a large room with older people silently sitting and staring into cold open space. There, hopelessness seem ed to reign. 
He m ade this deal with the m anager: “lf I am to live here, we must change this waiting room into a living room." 
Tell me, are you waiting or living? Are you m ak­ ing good things happen? Perhaps it s time for a change. 
Your Obligation To Your Carpet 
Just as there is endowment life insurance for humans, so are there endowment beauty assurance policies for your carpet s life! — and they go like this: 
Use the vacuum cleaner at least once a week and remove soilage and stains as soon a s possible. 
When dirt seems to become thoughly im bedded and 
’’Do it yourself" shampooing is not enough, then call in a professional cleaner. Distribute the w ear your carpet receives. C hange the traffic pattern by shif­ ting furniture and rearranging the room. Use small protective rugs over carpet at heavily used areas as halls, entrances, at the base of chairs especially in television rooms, at turning points in traffic and every place w ear becomes abnorm al. 
Next Week 
We will discuss: “Honesty in Advertising." Until then, believe this: “Each of us has daily problems. 
They are intended to m ake us better, not bitter." 

In q u ire A b o u t 
• Important booklet on 
"( arprl I Arr” 
• (I'krrul ^speaker'* Hurray 

• Phonr, fr ltr , or V lait 
Trd O k rent 
• .tOO $aa (Vitro • &*7.7:ur, 

This W e e k ’s Date Book 

BILL BLASS chooses sheer dove gray crepe for two spring evening dresses. A gunmetal kid belt accents the shirred-hip gown, and the narrow skirt is worn with a halter-neck wrap top leaving a keyhole midriff. The Blass collection of day to evening fashions for spring will be presented Wednesday and Thursday at Julian Gold. 

^ 
I I 
' ? 
1 
. c 
\ 

- 3 f j , 
. 
/ 
7 
L. JC ti I ^. < f ti C 
/ c C f CL t u 

/S 
^ 
I i I 
. 
; t i 7 1 *■ t 
/ C 
/ i t j f / 
/ l e u 
V e t • <' ( t i / 

We've assembled in a single showcase an extraordinary assortment of diamonds and (ewelry, and we've reduced these items substantially - as much as 5o%. 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
341 4481 
654 6435 

A lso in Dallas and Ft Worth, 

Read Paul Thum p son 

On T op o f It AII 

 in the San Antonio News 

M O N D A Y 
TO a m. SAN ANTONIO UNIT, 
Nffitonol Association of Parliam en­ tarians, In the Alamo Savings A s­ sociation building. Col. 
(ret.) 
Frederick A. Pillet will lead a panel assisted bv Mmes Lester Whipale. 
John Teogle and Charlotte Travis. 

 to a.m. B R A N D E IS U N IV E R S IT Y 
N A T IO N A L W O M E N S C O M M IT ­ 
TEE, boord meeting in the home of 
M r s. Leo Weiner. 

I pm. CH A P T E R BX, PEO , 
Of 
Star Oaks. Mm es Robert Hilsabeck ond C orlos Jones will be cohos fesses 
Mrs. Phillip M ariner will present "Confirm Thy Soul With Self 
Control". M iss Kora Jones will be 
Initiated Into the P E O Sisterhood. 
7:3o p m . 
A L P H A 
NU 
Pl 
CH A P TE R, Beta Sigm a Phi, in the home of M rs Scott Morris. M r s. M a rlo Mozzurono and the hostess will present 
•Esthetics— Perception ot 
Beautv." 

7:3o pm. E P SIL O N SIG M A A L­ 
PHA, Alpha upsilon Chapter, In the 
•home ot Peggy J McKee 

7:3o p m 
F R O S T I N G C R E A ­ 
TORS. 
Coke Decorating Club, In 
Los Angeles Heights Presbyterian 
Church 

7:3o p m P R E C E P T O R G A M M A 
GAMMA, 
Beta Sigm a Phi, in the home of Miss Patsy Shields Hos fess will present, "W hat Turns You 
On." 
7:3o p m . P R E C E P T O R 
P H I 
CHA PTER. Beta Sigm a Phi, In the home of Mrs. John Buchanan who will present the program. 

7 3o p m XI NU C H A P TE R, Beta 
Sigm a Phi, in the home of Mrs. LIZ 
Parkenson 
Mrs. Carol White will 

 present "Com m unication Through 
Music." 

7:3o p.m. XI RHO NU CH A P TE R. 
Beta Slgm o Phi, in the home of 
M rs. Frank Nelson. M rs. Tom Grant will present, "Lively Arts: TV and 
Something for Everyone." 

T U E SD A Y 
o:3o a m U N IV E R S IT Y OF T E X ­ 
AS H EA L TH S C IE N C E C E N T E R 
W IV E S CLU B , in the M edical 
School Lecture Hall. Dr. Carl J. 
Pouerstein will speak on "W orld 
Population Trends in the Western 
Hemisphere." 

’ ’i i o o m 
R A N D O L P H O F- 
R IC E R S W IV E S CLUB, in the 
Randolph Officers Club. Social will be followed by luncheon at 12 IS p.m. 

Noon B E X A R C O U N T Y P H A R ­ 
M A C E U T IC A L A U X IL IA R Y , in 
Fuliya Japanese Garden. Program will be on the art of Japanese cooking. M r s 
C raig M 
Bell is hostess chairman. 

2 p m , G IB B O N S L I T E R A R Y 
CLUB, in the home of Mrs. Charles 
A 
Toudouze 
M r s 
S. 
T hom as 
Greenburg will speak on "M exican 
American Culture." Hostesses will be Mmes. J M. Fisher, C. F. Dwyer, 
L. J. Gitflnger ond Henry Guerra. 

2 p m P H IL O M A T H ^ CLUB, 
In the home of Mrs. C. B 
Sherry. 
Cohostesses will be Mmes. Frank 
Steed and Thom as E 
Christian. 
M rs Hugh Robertson will speak on 
"Personal New Horizons." 

J P.m. R E G IN A G UILD, in the 
Officers Club of Ft Sam Houston 
Mmes. Peter G arcia and H. R 
Gilsdorf are cohostesses 

6 p.m. ANACACHO C H A P T E R , 
National Secretaries Association, will meet in the Villa Espanola 
Room at the International Airport. 
Dinner and program will follow at 
6:3o p.rn Chapter Secretary of the 
Year will be chosen. 

6:3o p m 
TE J AS C H A P T E R . 
Am orican B usiness W om en's A s­ sociation, in the Arden Grove Party 
House. 

6 3o p.m. T H E T A C H A P T E R , 
Delta Rho Delta, in Earl Abel's 
'Restaurant. George Carmack, Ex press News travel writer, will speak on "Spain — A Trip to the Roots of 
San Antonio." Progi am chairmen will be Mm es, 
Ruth Zerm and 
Wendall G Bearman. 

7:3o p.m. ALP H A E P SIL O N SIG ­ 
MA CHAPTER, Beta Sigm a Phi, in the home of Mrs. Dennis Husch who will present "M u sic — Part I." 
7:3o p.m. D E L T A Pl CH A P TE R, 
Beta Stoma Phi. in the home of M r s. 
Peter Hakala. Mrs. Jerry Lebo and 
Liz 
Robins will present 
"D ram a Theatre " 
7:3o p m. OM ICRON CH A P TE R. 
Phi Eta Sorority, In the St. Anthony 
Hotel following a Dutch treat dinner in the Madrid Room at 6 p.m. Dr. 
William Samelson will present "A s the United States Turned 2oo." M iss 
Johnnie M cC au gh an is program chairman. 
7:3o pm. S E R V IC E CLUB, Star­ tle Grove No. 6389, Woodmen of the 
World, In the home of Mrs. Crystal I. 
Gomel. 
7:3o p.m. 
X I 
P l 
G A M M A 
CHA PTER, Bito Sigma Phi, In the home of Mrs. Tom Uzzeli who will present "Knots, Knots, Knots." 

W E D N E S D A Y 
IO a rn SAN ANTONIO FACU LTY 
W IVES CLUB, in MacArthur Pork 
Church of Christ. Program will be on the San Antonio Symphony 
IO a m. CH A P T E R DW, PEO, in the home of Mrs. H. B. Bringhurst with Mrs. Victor Weiss as cohostess. 
A coffee will precede the meeting 
IO a rn. PEO COUNCIL, in the home of Mrs. R 
W. Curtis. Mrs. 
P re sto n M o rg a n , p re sid e n t of 
Chapter EE . will be cohostess. 
IO a rn 
S H A V A N O 
P A R K 
WOMAN'S CLUB, in the home of 
Mrs. Ray Creek. Bobbie Rovicz from The Yarn Barn will speak on needlework. Cohostesses will be 
Mm es 
Charles Cusenbary, M ary 
Ann Kemmerzenl and Bruce Lenm- berg 
7 3o P.m. A L P H A Pl A L P H A 
CHA PTER, Beta Sigma Phi, in Ihe home of Mrs. Kay Presson. Pro­ gram will be bv Mrs. Pot Morning, 

Sale! T h e Brush 'n Rush 
Perm for the W o m a n 

 w h o 's G oing Places. 
Unisex. 
25.oo Reg. 35.oo 

Including cut, shampoo and set or blow dry. 

You're busy, active. So you want a perm that keeps your hair looking great all the time. You can have it -* your way •• and at a savings too. Call Monday first thing for your appointment. Open Mondays 
Beauty Salon. 
North Star 344 2311 or 
Wonderland 736-4177. Ask about 
Depilatron Hair Removal at 
North Star and about Sculptured 
Nails at Wonderland! 

North Star ar Wonderland/Shop Mon Sat IO OO lo 9 GO Rhodes, Option 
Cf.erge/Mester Cherge/BenkAmencerd/Amencen Express North Star 
34+2311 Wonderland. 736+177, 

Riding into classic spring 

Classic cars and classic fashions will be featured in F rost’s 
Court at North Star 
Mall at I p.m. Satur­ day. 
A sp r in g fash ion s’how will be held in conjunction with a display of cars pro­ duced from 1925-1942 and owned by m em bers of the 
Lone Star Region C lassic 
Car Club of America. 
T h ree c a r s w ill be on v iew from 
W ed n esd a y through Saturday. They in­ clude a 1933 metallic bronze 
A uburn Salon C ab rio let ow ned by D r. John W. 
Scott, a 1941 Packard con­ vertible owned by Robert 
J e n k in s and a 194o red 
Packard Victoria with cus­ tom body by Darrin owned by John Howarth. 
T he fa s h io n s w ith the sam e individual dash, qua­ lity and style are 1977 clas­ sics in a contemporary de­ sig n for the m od ern w o ­ man. The new' resort and w arm w e a th e r fa s h io n s have an effect of leanness and n a r r o w n e ss, ev e n though they may be skirted with pleats. 
C la ssical ta ilo rin g fe a ­ turing a blazer over a silk shirt and pleated skirt by 
Gamut. Other designers to be featured include Oscar dc la R cn tn , V a le n tin o , 
Ralph Lauren, Anne Klein, 
Kasper, Albert Nipon and 
Ernst Strauss. 
O ne-piece d resses ech o ­ ing the shirtdresses of the 
4o’s and 5o’s may have a contem porary draw string or blouson waist. 
Tradi- 

FROST’S model Candy in a classic ivory po­ plin print by Aquatogs perches on the rumble seat of a bronze and cream 1933 Auburn, a 

 tional c la s s ic s h ir ts are u p dated w ith m o re fu ll­ ness, feminine details and trims. 
For day or e v e n in g s , pants are classic stand-bys. 
They may be softened via g a th e r s . T h e “ T ou ch -of- 
C la ssic” fashion idea d e ­ m o n str a te s a p p recia tio n for the past co in cid en ta l 

 distinctive Classic Car owned by Dr. John W. 
Scott. She never sat in a rumble seat before, and she loves it! 

 with a lively interest in the contemporary. 
E v ery o n e v is itin g 
F rost’s, the mall and d is­ play of C lassic Cars m ay register for the attendance nrize. It is a miniature m o­ del of a 1934 Duesenberg, and will be awarded at the fashion show. 
The C lassic Car Club of 

America is a non-profit or­ ganization. The Lone Star 
Region Club w as founded in 
19o9 ‘‘...to further the res­ toration and preservation of d istin ctiv e m otor ears of the “25 to ‘42 period ..and to bring together in good fel­ lowship all who own or ad­ mire these ears.” 
\ ill J I I KW wk Wk 

Ville is president. 

Ile r e c e n tly op en ed a 
C lassic Car and Wax M u­ seu m in K err v ille w hich features ears and fam ous people of the C lassic Car period — J e a n M arlow ,; 
Howard Hughes, Valentino, 
Winston C h u rch ill, Clark 
Gable and others 

7 3o p m D E L T A Z E T A A L U M ­ 
NI, m the Southweit Center for the Hearing Impaired The Alumni win tour the work adiustment area gt IO a m. on Jan 1$. 

F R ID A Y 
IO a rn. 
O L ' 
S H A V A N O 
C H A P T E R . 
D a u gh te rs of the 
American Revolution, will meet in the home of M rs 
Jutes Cates, assisted bv Mrs. W B Long M rs 
F r a n c is 
R a ce wilt p re se n t 
"Delightful Dolls." 
IO 3o a rn C H A P T E R X, PCO. in the home of Mr. Mrs. Henrv Frnku 
M rs Irene K Ketchum will present 
"T he New Ye ar's Challenge' 
The group will be entertained at lun­ cheon at the Bright Shawl following the meeting bv M rs Frnka and M rs 
James M. Todd 

SA T U RD AY 
13o P rn A LA M O SAN ANTONIO 
C H A P T E R 
1471, 
American 
As soc lotion of Retired Persons, in St 
Johns Lutheran Church. 
7 3o p m D E L T A PL Beio Sigmo 
Phi, will hold a Las Vegas partv in the p arty room of M r s 
J e rry 
Lebo s ap artm ent 
P ro sp e c tiv e members ore invited. 

THU RSD AY ll JO a rn. P IO N E E R CL U B , 
Kasidah Review 137. North Am er. icon Benefit Association, in Vino 
Tranches# A covered dish dinner will be served 
Noon HOM E E C O N O M IS T S IN 
H O M E M A K I N G , in 
W y a t t 's 
Cafeteria, Loop 41o at 
Bobcock. 
M arth a M cD an eld of NOW will present a program on Assertiveness 
Training. 
2 O rn. A L A M O C H A P T E R , 
Daughters of the Amel icon Revoiu hon, In the Carriage House, Christ 
Episcopal Church. A social hour Is planned at I 3o pm . hosted by 
Mm es 
Robert T 
Booth. Albert A 
Oughton and members of Group IV 
A paper bv Brig Gen. Thomos H. 
Slovens, "Land of the Apacne, Son 
Carlos, Arizona, in the Eighties will be read bv his daughter in law, M rs 
Stanley G. Slovens 
7:1o p m 
A L B R IG H T U N IT E D 
M ETHO DIST 
WOMEN, in tt\t 
C h u r c h wi t h 
M m es. 
P a u l 
A 
Gueldner and Lucille D a v is as conostesses 
7 IO p m 
B E X A R C O U N T Y HO­ 
S P IT A L H O U SE ST A FF W IV E S 
CLUB, in the hum# of Mrs. Bori 
Norton Dr. Jerry Kaplan will speak on burn prevention and show slides. 

Poge 
8-E 
* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I977 engagem ents 

Sandee Bryan, 
James Ryan III to be married in June vows 

Mr. and Mrs. William Frank Bryan announce (he engagement of (heir daughter, Sandee Denise, to James Em ­ mett Ryan III, son of Mr. and Mrs. James 
Emmett Ryan Jr. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Robert 
E. Lee High School and a candidate for 
May graduation from the University of 
Texas at Austin with a B A. degree in 
Spanish. She is a member of Kappa Kappa 
Gamma. 

Her fiance graduated from Churchill 
High School. He will receive a B S. degree in civil engineering in May from the Uni­ versity of Texas at Austin. He is a member of Acacia and the American Society of Civil 
Engineers. 

 en gagem ents en gagem ents e n gage m e n ts + + + 

The couple plans a June 4 wedding 
Covenant Presbyterian Church in 
JA M ES E. RYAN III 
SANDEE D. BRYAN 

Miss 
McDoi, 
Terry Douglas slate wedding for summer 

Mr. and Mrs. James O. McDowell an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, 
Barbara, to Terry Douglas, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. J.VV. Powell of Hillsboro and Col. 
(ret.) and Mrs T. L. Douglas. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Thomas 
Jefferson High School. She will receive her 
B A. degree in May from Southwest Texas 
State University where she is a member of the Strutters, Chi Omega, and OBI within 
Theta Xi Fraternity. 

Her fiance attended Arlington High 
School. He is a candidate for May gradua­ tion from Southwest Texas State Universi­ ty with a B B A. degree. He is past vice­ president of Theta Xi Fraternity. 

A June ll wedding is planned in Trinity 
Baptist Church. , 

WOMEN 

.KHIN L. MAROLT 
CYNTHIA M. TORRES 

Pione?ers set formal dance 
State Association of tex­ as Pioneers will have a for­ mal dance at 8:3o p.m. F ri­ day in Pioneer Hall 
Receiving guests will be: 
Mr. and Mrs. Erwin M ag­ ellan, Mrs. Doris Alkire. 
Mrs. Leona Aschbocker. 
Mrs. R E. Bowen. Mrs. Joe 
Kidwcil, Mrs Kitty Murti- shaw, Mr and Mrs. George 
Bock, Mr and Mrs A VV 
Boquet and Mrs 
Vivian 
Brantley 

Miss Torres, 
John 
Ma nuptial plans are revealed' 

The engagement of Miss Cynthia Mar- isse Torres to John Louis Marolt of Dallas, son of Louis Marolt and the late Barbara 
Marolt, is announced by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ignacio L. Torres Jr. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Ursuline 
Academy. She attended Trinity University and San Antonio College, and will ma jor in 
.journalism at the University of Texas at 
Arlington 

Her fiance graduated from Euclid High 
School in Ohio. He attended San Antonio 
College and received a B S. degree in liberal arts from East Texas State Univer­ sity. He was vice president of the Dallas 
Graphic Arts Junior Litho Club, and served four years iii the U.S. Air Force. 

The couple plans a March 5 wedding in 
Holy Spirit Catholic Church. 

Salazar-Esquivel 

GARY J KALISEK 
DEBRA K. T E R R E LL 

TERR Y DOUGLAS 
BARBARA MCDOWELL 

Debra Terrell is bride-elect of G.J. Kalisek 

Miss Debra Kay Terrell, daughter of 
Billy J. Terrell, is engaged to Gary Joseph 
Kalisek, son of Mr. and Mrs. Augustin 
Kalisek of Pleasanton. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of South­ side High School. Her fiance graduated from Floresville High School. 
A Feb. 19 wedding is planned in St. 
Luke’s Catholic Church in Loire, Tex. 

Guerrero-Bearss 
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur P. Guerrero an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, 
Kathryn Ann, to Kim Robert Bearss, son of 
Mr and Mrs. Robert Bearss of Syracuse, 
N Y 
The bride-elect is a gradute of Burbank 
High School and received a B.S. degree from Texas A&I University. 
Her fiance graduated from Cicero High 
School and Plattsberg University with a 
B S. degree in liberal arts. 
St James Catholic Church will be the setting for the July 2 wedding. 

Continued from Page LE 
Gardner 
“ There is nothing I enjoy more than digging in the warm, dark earth,’.’ says 
Mrs. E. B. Jenks, president 
,of the San Antonio Garden 
Center and Gardener of the 
Year. 
Mrs. Jenks has been con­ nected with gardening for more than 25 years and currently presides over 
1,756 
Garden 
Center members from 62 clubs. 
She is a charter member of the Terrell Heights Gar­ den Club. 
In addition, she belongs to the Magnolia Green 
Garden Club and is a charter member of the San 
Antonio Council of Nation­ ally Accredited Flower 
Show Judges — holding master and international ratings. 
President of the Parlia­ mentary Study Club, she is also second vice president of the San Antonio Women’s 
Federation in charge of membership. 
FTA 
Like many parents, Jodv 
(Mrs 
Bobby L. Kniejski joined the PT A when her first child entered school. 
Her interest continued to build as that child pro­ gressed to a high school senior — with three more following his scholastic footsteps. 
Her FTA involvement in­ cludes local, council and district committee work, offices and other leadership posts. Under her direction, several awards have been won by the .South San An­ tonio PT A Council. 
In what she describes as an “ extremly low budget school district,” she says she finds the challenge of helping the schools and community “ just what I 

Mr. and Mrs Juan E. 
Sala/ar announce the engagement of their daughter. Minerva, to John 
M Esquivel III, son of Mr. and Mrs. John Esquivel . 

The bride-elect is attend­ ing the University of Texas in San Antonio majoring i i i education. 

Her fiance graduated magna cum laude from St. 
Mary's University with a 

B B A degree. He was Ac­ counting Club President, member of Kappa Pi Sig­ ma, Delta Epsilon Sigma, and was Who’s Who Among 
Students in American Uni­ versities and Colleges. Ile is attending the* University of Michigan School of Law . 

Jefferson United Metho­ dist Church will be the set­ ting for the Ju ly 23 wed­ ding. 

Winter coats are classics 

Dillard’ 

Very good, very classic, very American . . . the de­ scription sums up winter coats, designed and pro­ duced in the States. The accolade has a star at­ tached. 
Some coats are roomy, with zippered pockets for the traveling woman 
Others are double- breasted. tailored to a T, for the lady who lunches at name restaurants in town. 
• Both kinds of coats are made in the finest fabrics 
— mohair, flannel, Done* gals, cashmere. 
.Country — outdoor — coats are rejuvenated by fabric. A white blanket 

 duffle coat is a delicious example. 
Blanket fabrics in gener­ al have caught fashion’s imagination ■— Indian jac­ quards, alpaca with a ca­ mel reverse. 
For the deep country, I cannot think of a better protection than quilted fleece. Both comfy and handsome. 
Hoods are attached or else come with almost every coat. They are spa­ cious affairs, usually pulled over a knit cap or scarf. rho rain-shine coat has not yet been mentioned, and not because it has passed from the scene. 

Haverlah-Wright 

Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. 
Ilaverlah announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, Cynthia Genelle, to Thomas R. W right of 
Houston, son of M r.and 
Mrs. Alfred E. Wright. 
The couple graduated from 
Highlands 
High 
School where they were members of the National 
Honor Society, and are at­ tending Trinity University. 
Miss Ilaverlah is a member of Mu Phi Epsilon. Mr. 
Wright is majoring in com­ puter science. 
A Feb. 25 wedding is planned in Trinity Luther­ an Church. 

 want — and need." 
During a year’s residence in Eagle Pass, Jody helped organize the first FTA at 
Webster Elementary and initiated the first homer­ oom mother and parent vo­ lunteer program. 

Homemaker 

Mrs. Robert L. Rund,- 
Homemaker of the Year, wanted a Spanish house when she and her retired 
Air Force Colonel husband 
•Settled down in San Anton­ io. 
But the house she fell in love with wasn't Spanish. 
So she has added loving touches of wrought iron, yucca and her special fa­ vorite, cactus, to the back of the house and has decorated one bedroom with things she bought in Mexico. 
Homemaking and impro­ vising to suit the occasion and location are specialites for a military wife who has planned and lived in homes all over the country — in­ cluding the basement of an apartment house in Dallas! 
“ But I always managed to make .things nice wher­ ever we were. As long as you’re together, AN YTH ­ 
ING is liveable.” 
Janet Rund’s two grown sons are far from home now 
“ but no less a part of the fam ily.” Daughter Janet 
Lee Rund is “ almost 15.” 
Hostess 
Mrs. Peter T. ("P ris ” ) 
Flawn is a natural choice for Hostess of the Year. The w ife of the president of The 
University of Texas at San 
Antonio is a frequent and enthusiastic hostess for both university and community events. 
‘‘We entertain almost weekly,” says Mrs. Flawn, whose parties vary from small dinners to teas for IOO guests. 
One fall the Flawns en­ tertained every new faculty member and spouse — five parties of 4o persons each. 
Although “ Pris” Flawn has been a San Antonian for only four years, she’s active in numerous organizations 
See WOMEN. Page ID E 

Jim Dawson to be speaker 

Health Services Com­ mand Women’s Club will meet at 11:3o a m. Tuesday for luncheon in Los Patios. 

Meteorologist Jim Daw­ son will speak on Texas weather. 

The club will have a wine and cheese party at 6:3o p.m. Friday, Jan. 28, in the 
Road Runner Club. 

You simply do not recog­ nize all-weather coats un­ less you are after a down­ cast yaller oil skin. 
Poplin coats, with but- ton-in shetland linings, flora’, quilted cottons and woven polyester with a print lining are just a sam­ pling of what s in store for stormy weather. Beautiful­ ly cut and styled they are, too. 
Remember, your coat makes an entrance when you do. An entrance that this year will be delightful. 

I Dillard’s ii 

 f 
\ 

GET READY FOR A 

POST HOLIDAY 

‘PICK ME UP 

Be more exciting, vibrant, fashionable 

 and ultra feminine. For a terrific 

 new you, enroll in one of our self-image 

 workshops for young women, ages 7 to 77. 

Learn the essentials of wardrobe and 

 accessory coordination, personalized 

 make-ups tips, self image analysis, how 

 to acquire poise and self confidence. 
Starting Jan. I 5, we have classes for 

 girls ages 7-11, grades 6 - R, grades 

9 * 12.. .and for career women and 

 homemakers, special evening classes 

 are available, beginning the week of 

Jan. 17. Call Dillard s charm 

 school and enroll today. 

Pick up the phone for your own 

 personalized pick me up’. 

Central Park * 341-5151, ext. 4 1o 

Windsor Park - 654-3131, ext. 41o 

'J 
J* 

G o a l i e s c o o l i e 
C L Y S S U S 

I 

Explore the epicurean 
. r ' 
' 

 delights that can be 

 at the fingertips 
/ 

 of the discerning host or hostess, by enrolling in our 

 gourmet cooking 

 school taught by Lenny Angel, author of “ An Angel 

 in the Kitchen” . Classes will be held from 

I I A.M. to I P.M. or 6:3o to 8:3o P.M. on Jan. 19, 

26, Feb. 2 & 9 at the nominal cost of 

$2o, with a special course for men only 

 meeting Monday evenings, Jan. I 7, 

24, 31, and Feb. 7 from 6:3o-8:3o, for $25. 

Recreate the piquancy of Italian cuisine, 

French table d’hote, exotic Oriental dishes as well as excitingly masculine but basic 

 stuffed flank steak or mouth-watering 

 omelets. Astound the most discerning 

 connoisseur with your savoir faire, and 

 create a world of difference 

 for your dining pleasure. 

Call 6 5 4 -3 1 3 1 , ext. 455 to enroll or register in the housew ares departm ent at W indsor Park. 

You are cordially invited to see the complete 
Spring Collection by 

BILL BLASS 

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12 
THURSDAY, JANUARY 13 

U lllC jO & l,, INC. 

41o9 McCullough 

San Antonio EX PR E S S- N E W S — Sunday Janu ary 9 I 977 
Page problem comer + + + problem corner + + ♦ problem corner ♦ + » problem corner ♦ ♦ + problem corner + ♦ + 
:F 1 
Two can play crazy’ game 

DEAR ABBY: I am a widow in my late 5os who has been keeping company with a ba­ chelor my age for three years. My prob­ lem is I still haven’t met any of his family members. 
Hi1 lives on a farm with his mother and two sisters. 
P W never been to Ins house because his mother is senile and both Ins sisters are crazy. 
Ko doesn t work and says lie. has no income, but he owns a little property aud drives a nice car. lie s asked me not to phone him because he has a party tine, which he says everybody listens in on, and he doesn t want people knowing his business. 
Last year his brother 
‘lied. but he didn t tell me until alter they buried him because he said it was a private funeral and his brother was crazy 
I'm be­ coming to think insanity runs iii his family. ll I w eren't so darned lonesome. I ’d forget him. but he does play a nice came of gin rummy. How do you and your experts ti- cure him? 
— M IN N IE IN 

W. V A. 

DEAR M IN N IE: 
My ex­ perts suspect that your gentleman friend is either m arried, crazy or both. 
And my advice is to deter­ mine Ins m arital status, find another gin rumm y partner or lake up solitaire. 
Liberated 

DEAR A BBY : I look your advice and acted like a li­ berated woman by calling iH> a guy and arranging a date witll him 
Well, it just didn t work out You said a man would leel 
"nattered' to have a girl call him and tell him up front she thought they would enjoy each other s company 
This guy was flattered all right, but his ego got to be too much bv the end of the evening. He couldn't buy the idea that I didn't want to get him between the sheets. 
(I really didn't.) 
I in afraid the average man still likes to take the initiative when it comes to 
‘Int inc. < lr did I just happen ta eel a dud .’ — (.C ESSED w h o m ; 
D E A R G I E S S E I); 
I think you got a (iud .lust because a man asks a girl for a date doesn t mean lit' wants lo take her to bed 
And the same applies to women who take the initiative. 

Fantasy touch is good 

Everyone has a problem. 

What s yours? For a per­ sonal reply, write to A BBY : 
Express-News. Box 2171. 
San Antonio. Tex. 78297., 
Enclose a stamped, self- addressed envelope, please. 

Sex chang** 

DEAR A BBY : I Work for the Bureau of Vital Statis­ tics Since quite a few peo­ ple iiav e had sex change operations recently. Kiev have been requesting that their names be changed to agree with their sex change. We are having dif­ ficulty ut writing to these people. 
I hey usually have their names legal Iv changed be­ fore having the sex change operation. 
For example: 
A man named ,1 allies Black has changed Ins name to \ ir- ginia Black Bv rights he is still a male with a female name 
When w riting to him. should we address him as 
Dear Mr. Black." since he is st iii j biological male, or 
Dear Mi s s Black, since his name has been legally changed * - BA LTIM O RE 
DI I.EM M \ 
D E A R 
D IL E M M A : 
Address him (or her) bv his 
(or lier) legal name. 

Over the holiday period, I was able to view something I have heard about for several years, and it was a glory to behold. It's in 
Kansas City, and it's for children. 
It’s called Kaleidoscope; and it is a creation of the 
Hallm ark Cards Corpora­ tion. prompted by an idea of the president of the cor­ poration. Donald Hall, and executed by a most remar­ kable former art teacher. 
Rachel Chambers, and a small stall' 
It is labeled a "creative art experience." And that it is But I'm not sure that label does it full justice. It is a "turn-on." a fantasy- land where you can let your im agination run freely, where you can touch, feel, smell and actively work with your hands as well as look 
It is a place where what­ ever you do is () Iv; there is no vv rong w av 

Although the initial K a­ leidoscope was a traveling exhibit that v isited 14o cities across the country from BW) to 197:1, it is now perm anently housed in 
Kansas City's Crown Center complex 
There, in groups of about 
7o. ti AOI) children between the ages of five and 12 visit the activity each month 
The heart of Kaleidoscope is a studio workshop with nine activity areas where children create all sorts of fun things from materials that are mostly industrial waste', scraps from the 
Hallmark plants 
Using glue and paint and colored m arkers, the 

 youngsters make jewelry, masks, puppets, puzzles and more front these scraps of paper, colorful c e l l o ­ phane aud yarn 
Before getting to the stu­ dio workshop, children pass through a chdd-size wailing room (the Mouse’s House); an entry passageway of hanging plastic strips (a 
"Tickle Tunnel"); a short slide-show preview of the experience; a "Touch. See and Sniff” hallway; a "D is­ covery R o o m " of more sight, sound and touch ex­ periences 
And finally, a "N ature runnel." a simulated forest iii a clear plastic tunnel lined with stuffed animals 

 in a natural habitat of trees and flowers. 

B a s ic s 

Once in the workshop ar ea. children are shown the basics of using the mater­ ials. and then they go to work Each child finishes with a sack full of creations to take home 

The whole atmosphere of the experience is impres- siv c There is a perv asiv e joyous exuberance iii the busy room full of t hildrcn engrossed iii creative acti- 

 v it v 
Behav mr problems ’ 
Not here 
Even so-called hyperactive children seem to sett Ie (low ii and relish the experience 

There s a message for all parents and educators in 
Kaleidoscope. Everyone, children and adults, can profit from a time and a place where we can be free to " o h " and " a h " over simple things and let our childish im pulses and imagination lie expressed w it bout fear of stilling ( ci­ ticism 

RUG CLEANING SALE 
OFF CASH N' CARRY ONLY 

L O N G R E P U T A T IO N 
• •NCI (••! 

 lif t m e n In * f lie r * 
4 1 6 Se gu in rd. 

 san an to n io , te x a s 7 8 1 o 8 
SALE E N D S F IB . 5th 

 i » I ■ 
« u i ~ i i n , I , 
> i i o i i a O l i l l i i l 1 1 ll, > I i i ’ i 1 1 1 1 > 1 1 1 1 1 rt 

Teen causes 

 auto tragedy 

Dear Ann; I recently rent I the letter by the 
17-yeur-ohl boy who 
’’(lied- in an auto et'4sh. 

I d like to tell another story — the other side. It w,as a 17-year-old boy whose reckless driving killed my mot her, 
One Sunday morning I tried lo phone Mom to tell lier the good news 
I was pregnant again She didn’t answer the phone 
Then I heard a bulletin oil the radio. There had been a serious automobile acci­ dent (til the highway near our home 
I had a terrible feeling — sort ol a premonition — so I asked my husband to drive me I here, " just to make sure." 
When we passed my par­ ents house. I prayed to God that their car would be in the driveway. It wasn't 
A lew iii lies (low ii t lie road we saw it — smashed lo smithereens — a heap (ti twisted steel Boopic were 
1< .iv mg the scene. 

 walked away from the acci­ dent w ithout a scratch. 
Now. two years later. I have two tiny girls who will never know their wonderful grandmother. What a spe­ cial part o| their lives they will miss 
To this day, I have not set eyes on the boy who did this terrible thing. And I hope I never do. 
I pray that every person who has a driver's license and reads y our column vv ill stop lor a moment and rea­ lize what one unguarded moment can mean lit the 
11 v es ot others. 
Please do not use my name Sign me — I II Never 
Slop Missing Her 

Dear Friend: Your letter is bound to make a differ­ ence. It is sure to save some lives Mn thanks tor writing it. along with my heartfelt condolences 

If you have a problem let 
Ann Landers help you solve ii. Write Ann Landers, care of the Express-News. P.O. 
Box 2171. San Antonio. 
Tex.. 78297. 

C O N F ID E N T IA L to 
Handsome and Charming in 
Honolulu: Please don’t send a picture. Anyone who has all the qualities you de­ scribe needs police protec­ tion — not help getting dates 

Do you feel awkward, self-conscious — lonely? 
W elcom e to the club. 
There s help for you in Ann 
Landers's booklet. "T h e 
Key to Popularity." Send 5(1 cents in coin wit ii your re­ quest and a long, stamped, self-addressed envelope to 
Ann Landers, care of The 
Express, Box 2171. San An­ tonio. Tex 78297. 
78297. 

« o 
KS 

 i i <VTT > i r » 7 ii «iT i7 * » if li" i7 ( iil( * ■ »i iT» 111.1 r »Yl l I ll i t 11 

J f 
^ 
*. / r w (it*, k 
VS %- 
J v . i..■■■■»»*i Mfj ‘him•jam• • 
'ii 

> 

£ 

* » V j 

Ss s i:- '’- 

 f t 

 i?SKfe 
;(* t tr v ff c l 

 r ’W 
=1/ 

 t e 
: 4%«•/ 
* 
W U 

 m IGC OY) 

 exmrt anc! import corporation 
CJO)’ ti iii M 
J 
P i1! I 
O » i 
■,'* G 

INN H P S Y O ! 
T O M r. OI K M N L ( OI Ll ( I I ON OI 
ORIENTAL RUGS 

• 
The largest & finest collection of new & antique rugs. 
• 
Direct importers of Oriental & Persian rugs. 
• 
Experts will help you select just the right rug for your home. 
• 
All rugs are guaranteed genuine handmade. 
• 
Our rugs may be exchanged for full credit at any time. 

• 
Appraisals made. 
Southw est H eritage 
Antiques Show & Sale 
CONVENTION CENTER 

W e b u y old a n d antique rugs. 

Select yours from the largest and finest collection without paying a premium. 

W ' K l " * M- 
I A I * - 11 •*- 1 
."'.T 'J* .--IL— 

 lr v t FJJW i a r eC x Efi& ySlcffiaffi KXrtLLv TSS 

 h S , 

 rn ® 
* wSfeS) 

 fife:Si 

,n.iii i t ll 

Mv husband asked the judice ut I leer w here the in- 
|Ured had been taken. He told us — vv it Ii a sad I uh) «»t tile bead 
The drive lo the hospital 
{.cerned like an ctcniitv 
I cried and prayed all the wa>. When we found mv lather iii the emergency fool ii the sight ol him made inc sick lie looked up at me 
Mini asked. "Where s your motlier?" 
I told him I didn t know but I'd go find lier — certain she was hi another treat­ ment room 
As I ran down Hie hull, frantic and frightened, a kindly doctor stopped me aud took my at iii Ile led nu* and my husband into a small conference room 
I knew w Ital w as coming 

Ile told me my motlier wa s dead. I pounded my l i s t s on the wall and screamed. "N o , no. she can’t Im'!’’ 
Oh G od. I didn t mean to make so much noise. I ’m sure my father heard me 
That wa» in* was for him to get such terrible news 
When I went back lo his room In* w as ci v mg 
The luncrul was a night­ mare. Selecting the d ress my mother w as to be buried 

 iii w as more than I could bear 
W hen I handed the funer­ al director the locket the k id s and I gave her lur 
Mother s Day luy knees buckled ami I very nearly tainted 

Mv luther w as too badly injured to attend the tuner- al. The kids couldn’t un­ derstand why Grandma had to be iii that big, closed box. 
Why couldn't they sec her? 
Oh. how my heart ached lor my father, my children and for myself 
All this agony and suffer ting because a 17-year old 
JI my was iii a hurry to see his 
^girlfriend, And wouldn't no u know it — the buy 

FOR YO U . . .THE PEA SA N T L O O K 'S SUBTLE, 

ELEGAN T ALLURE BY KA SPER FOR JO A N LESLIE 

Enticingly lavish fluid polyester crepe peasant style 

 dress with Ultra Suede 8 midriff and trim accents by Kasper for Joan Leslie. Lilac. 
Misses sizes. . $ 1 7 2 . 

D re sse s, n ot a t M ilita r y P la t a 

SH O P DILLARD S M O N D A Y-SATURDAY IO A M 9 PM: N O RTH , CENTRAL PARK; SO U TH , M ILITARY PLAZA, N O RTH EA ST, W IN D S O R PARK 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 9 1977 

 engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents 
+ engagem ents + + + en 

Sandee Bryan, 
James Ryan III to be married in June vows 

Mr. and Mrs. William Frank Bryan announce the engagement of (heir daughter, Sandee Denise, to .James Em ­ mett Ryan III. son of Mr. and Mrs. .James 
Emmett Ryan -lr. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Robert 
E Lee High School and a candidate for 
May graduation from the University of 
Texas at Austin with a B A. degree in 
Spanish. She is a member of Kappa Kappa 
Gamma. 

Her fiance graduated from Churchill 
High School. He will receive a B S. degree in civil engineering in May from the Uni­ versity of Texas at Austin. He is a member of Acacia and the American Society of Civil 
Engineers. 

The couple plans a June 4 wedding in 
Covenant Presbyterian Church. 
JAMES E. RYAN III 
SANDEE D. BRYAN 

Miss 
I'or, 
John 
Ma nuptial plans are revealed 

The engagement of Miss Cynthia Mar- lsse Torres to John Louis Marolt of Dallas, son of Louis Marolt and the late Barbara 
Marolt, is announced by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ignacio L Torres lr. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Ursuline 
Academy She attended Trinity University and San Antonio College, and will ma jor in journalism at the University of Texas at 
Arlington 

Her fiance graduated from Euclid High 
School in Ohio. II*' attended San Antonio 
('(•liege and received a B S. degree in liberal arts from East Texas State Univer­ sity. He was vice president of the Dallas 
Graphic Arts Junior Litho Club, and served hair years in the U S. Air Force. 

JOHN L, MAROLT 
CYNTHIA M .TORRES 

Pioneers set formal dam e 
State Association of Tex­ as Pioneers will have a for­ mal dunce at 8:3o p.m. Fri­ day in Pioneer Hall 
Receiving guests will be 
Mr. and Mrs. Erwin Mars- chall, Mrs Doris Alkire, 
Mrs. Leona Aschbocker. 
Mrs. R E. Bowen, Mrs Joe 
Kidwell. Mrs Kitty Murti- shaw, Mr and Mrs George 
Bock, Mr and Mrs A Vt 
Bonnet and Mrs Xiv tau 
Brant lev 

The couple plans a March 5 wedding 
Holy Spirit Catholic Church. 

Salazar-Esquivel 

 in 

Mr. and Mrs Juan E. 
Salazar announce the engagement of their daughter. Minerva, to John 
M Es(juive! Ill, son of Mr and Mrs. John Esquivel . 

The bride-elect is attend­ ing th*> University of Texas iii San Antonio majoring iii education 

Her fiance graduated magna cum laude from St 
Mary's University with a 

B B A degree. He was Ac­ counting Club President, member of Kappa Pi Sig­ ma, Delta Epsilon Sigma, and was Who’s Who Among 
Students iii American Uni­ versities and Colleges, fie is attending the University ot Michigan School of Law 

Jefferson United Metho­ dist Church will be the set­ ting for the Ju ly 23 wed­ ding. 

Dillard’ 

GET READY FOR A 

POST HOLIDAY 

PICK ME U P’! 

Be more exciting, vibrant, fashionable 

 and ultra feminine. For a terrific 

 new you, enroll in one of our self-image 

 workshops for young women, ages 7 to 77. 

Learn the essentials of wardrobe and 

 accessory coordination, personalized 

 make-ups tips, self image analysis, how 

 to acquire poise and self confidence. 

Starting Jan. I 5, we have classes far 

 girls ages 7- 11, grades 6 • R, grades 

9 • 12. , .cmd for career women nu 

 homemakers, special evening classes 

 are available, beginning the week of 

Jan. 17. Call Dillard's charm 

 school and enroll today. 

Pick up the phone for your own 

 personalized pick me up'. 

Central Park - 341-5151, ext. 4 I o 

Windsor Park - 654-3131, ext. 4 1o 

Miss 
McDow, 

T e r r y Douglas 

 slate wedding for summer 

Mr. and Mrs. James O. McDowell an­ nounce th** engagement of their daughter, 
Barbara, to Terry Douglas, son of Mr. and 
Mrs .I VV. Powell of Hillsboro and Col. 
(ret.) and Mrs. T. L. Douglas. 

I he bride-elect is a graduate of Thomas 
.Jefferson High School. She will receive her 
B A. degree in May from Southwest Texas 
State University where she is a member of the Strutters. Chi Omega, and OBI within 
Theta Xi Fraternity. 

Her fiance attended Arlington High 
School. He is a candidate for May gradua­ tion from Southwest Texas State Universi­ ty with a BELA. degree. He is past vice­ president of Theta Xi Fraternity. 

A June ll wedding is planned in Trinity 
Baptist Church. , 

WOMEN 

GARY J KALISEK 
DEBRA K. TERREI I. 

TERRY DOUGLAS 
BARBARA MCDOWELL 

Debra Terrell is bride-elect of G.J. Kalisek 

Miss Debra Hay Terrell, daughter of 
Billy J. Terrell, is engaged to Gary Joseph 
Kalisek, son of Mr. and Mrs. Augustin 
Kalisek of Pleasanton. 
1’he bride-elect is a graduate of South­ side High School. Her fiance graduated from Floresville High School. 
A Feb. IO wedding is planned in St. 
Luke’s Catholic Church in Loire, Tex. 

Guerrero-Bearss 
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur P. Guerrero an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter. 
Kathryn Ann, to Kim Robert Bearss, son of 
Mr and Mrs Robert Bearss of Syracuse, 
N Y. 
The bride-elect is a gradute of Burbank 
High School and received a B S. degree from Texas A&I University. 
Her fiance graduated from Cicero High 
School and Plattsberg University with a 
B S. degree in liberal arts. 
St James Catholic Church will be the setting for the July 2 wedding. 

Continued from Page I E 
Gardner 
“ There is nothing I enjoy more than digging in the warm, dark earth,’.’ says 
Mrs. E. B. Jenks, president 
Z)f the San Antonio Garden 
Center and Gardener of the 
Year. 
Mrs. Jenks has been con­ nected with gardening for more than 25 years and currently presides over 
1,756 
Garden 
Center members from 62 clubs. 
She is a charter member of the Terrell Heights Gar­ den Club. 
In addition, she belongs to the Magnolia Green 
Garden Club and is a charter member of the San 
Antonio Council of Nation­ ally Accredited Flower 
Show Judges — holding master and international ratings. 
F’resident of the Parlia­ mentary Study Club, she is also second vice president of the San Antonio Women’s 
F'ederation in charge of membership. 
PT A 
Like many parents, Jody 
(Mrs 
Bobby L. Kniejski 
.joined the PT A when her first child entered school. 
Her interest continued to build as that child pro- gressed to a high school senior — with three more following his scholastic footsteps 
Her PTA involvement in­ cludes local, council and district committee work, offices and other leadership posts. Under her direction, several awards have been won by the South San .An­ tonio PTA Council. 
In what she describes as an “ extremity low budget school district.’’ she says she finds the challenge of helping the schools and community “ just what I 

Winter coats are classics 

V ery good, very classic, very American 
. . tin* de­ scription sums up winter coats, designed and pro­ duced in the States. The accolade has a star at­ tached. 
Some coats are roomy, w it Ii zippered pockets for the traveling woman. 
Others are double- breasted. tailored to a T, for the lady who lunches at name restaurants in town. 
• Both kinds of coats are made iii the finest fabrics 
— mohair, flannel, Done* gals, cashmere. 
.Country — outdoor — coats are rejuvenated by abric. A white blanket 

 duffle coat is a delicious example. 
Blanket fabrics iii gener­ al have caught fashion’s imagination —- Indian jac­ quards. alpaca with a ca­ mel reverse. 
F'or the deep country, i cannot think of a better protection than quilted fleece. Both comfy and handsome. 
Hoods are attached or else come with almost every coat. They are spa­ cious affairs, usually pulled over a knit cap or scarf. 
The rain-shine coat has not yet been mentioned, and not because it has passed from the scene. 

Haverlah-Wright 

Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. 
Ilaverlah announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, Cynthia Genelle. to Thomas R. Wright of 
^ Houston, son of M r.and 
J Mrs Alfred E. Wright. 
* ) 
The couple graduated from 
Highlands 
High 
School where they wen; members of the National 
Honor Society, and are at­ tending Trinity University. 
Miss Ilaverlah is a member of Mu Phi Epsilon. Mr. 
Wright is majoring in com­ puter science. 
A Feb. 25 wedding is planned in Trinity Luther­ an Church. 

 want — and need.” 
During a year’s residence in Eagle Pass, Jody helped organize the first PTA at 
Webster Elementary and initiated the first homer­ oom mother and parent vo­ lunteer program. 

Homemaker 

Mrs. Robert L. Rund,- 
Homemaker of the Year, wanted a Spanish house when she and her retired 
Air Enoree Colonel husband 
•Settled down in .San Anton­ io. 
But the house she fell in love with wasn’t Spanish. 
So she has added loving touches of wrought iron, yucca and her special fa­ vorite, cactus, to the back of the house and has decorated one bedroom with things she bought in Mexico. 
Homemaking and impro­ vising to suit the occasion and location are specialites for a military wife who has planned and lived in homes all over the country — in­ cluding the basement of an apartment house in Dallas! 
“ But I always managed to make things nice wher­ ever we were. As long as you’re together, ANYTH­ 
ING is liveable.” 
Janet Rund’s two grown sons ar*' far from home now 
“ but no less a part of the fam ily.” Daughter Janet 
Lee Rund is “ almost 15.” 

H ostess 
Mrs. Peter T. C’Pris” ) 
Flown is a natural choice for Hostess of the Year. The wife of the president of The 
University of Texas at San 
Antonio is a frequent and enthusiastic hostess for both university and community events. 
“ We entertain almost weekly,” says Mrs. Flawn, whose parties vary from small dinners to teas for IOO guests. 
One fall the F’lawns en­ tertained every new faculty member and spouse — five parties of 4o persons each. 
Although “ Pris” Flawn has been a San Antonian for only four years, she s active in numerous organizations 
See WOMEN. Page IDE 

Jim Dawson to be speaker 

Health Services Com­ mand Women’s Club will meet at 11:3o a m. Tuesday for luncheon in Los Patios. 

Meteorologist Jim Daw­ son will speak on Texas weather. 

The club will have a wine and cheese party at 6:3o p.m. F'ridav. Jan. 28, in the 
Road Runner Club. 

You simply do not recog­ nize all-weather coats un­ less you are after a down­ cast .Valier oil skin 
Poplin coat^ with but- ton-in shetland linings, flora! quilted cottons and woven polyester with a print lining are just a sam­ pling of what’s in store for stormy weather. Beautiful­ ly cut and styled they are, too. 
Remember, your coat makes an entrance when you do 
An entrance that this year will be delightful. 

I Willards 
\ / f 

G o a lie s 

Explore the epicurean 

 delights that can be 

 at the fingertips 

-of the discerning host or hostess, 
C o o ^ I 
C 

 by enrolling in our 

 gourmet cooking 

 school taught by Lenny Angel, author of "A n Angel 

 in the Kitchen ". Classes will be held from 

I I A M. to I P.M. or 6:3o to 8:3o P.M. on Jan. 19, 

26, Feb. 2 & 9 at the nominal cost of 

$2o, with a special course for men only 

 meeting Monday evenings, Jan. I 7, 

24, 31, and Feb. 7 from 6:3o 8:3o, for $25. 

Recreate the piquancy of Italian cuisine, 

French iablc d'hote, exotic Oriental dishes as well 

 as excitingly masculine but basic 

 stuffed flank steak or mouth-watering 

 omelets. Astound the most discerning 

 connoisseur with your savoir faire, and 

 create a world of difference 

 for your dining pleasure. 

Call 6 5 4 -3 1 3 1 , ext. 455 to enroll or register in Hie housewares departm ent at Windsor Park. 

You are cordially invited to see the complete 
Spring Collection by 

BILL BLASS 

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12 
THURSDAY, JANUARY 13 

(til 
, INC. 

41o9 McCullough 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 977 
 problem corner + + + problleft* corner + ♦ ♦ er l l * problem corner ♦ ♦ probleincprni{r^4^^ pf, 
Two can play 
'crazy’ game 

DEAR A BBY: I am a widow in my late Sits who has been keeping company with a ba­ chelor my age for three years. My prob­ lem is I still haven't met any of his family members. 
Hi* lives im a farm with his mother and tun sisters. 
I O? never been to Ins house because his mother is senile and both his sisters arc crazy. 
He doesn't work and says lie has no income, but tie owns a little property aud drives a nice car. 
He's asked me not to phone him because he has a party line, which he says everybody listens in on, and he doesn't want people know iii}.: his business, 
Last year Ins brother died. but lie didn t tell me until alter they buried hun because he said it was a private funeral and his brother was era/y. I'm be­ coming to think insanity runs iii Ins faun Iv. 
11 I w ercii t so da rued lonesome. I'd forget him, but he does play a nice came of gin rummy. How do von and your experts fi­ gure him? 
— MINNIE) IN 
W. V V. 

DEAR M IN N IE: 
My ex­ perts suspect that your gentleman friend is either m arried, crazy or both. 
And my advice is to deter­ mine his m arital status, find another gin m in im partner or take up solitaire. 

Liberated 
DEAR A BBY: I look your advice and acted like a li­ berated woman bv calling ut) a guy and arranging a date wuh him 
Well, it just didn t work out. 'iou said a man would loci "flattered" to have a girl call him and tell him up front she thought they would enjoy each other s company 
This guy was flattered all right, tint his ego got to be too much bv the end of the evening. Ile couldn't buy the idea that I didn't want to get him between the sheets 
< I really didn t.) 
I ’m afraid the average man still lik e s to take the initiative when it comes to dat mg. ()r did I ju s t happen 
I ) get a dud? — (.I ESS ED w h o m ; 
D E A R G U E S S E D ; 
I think you got a dud. .lust because a man a s k s a girl for a date doesn't mean he wants to take her to bed 
And the same applies to w omen who take the initiative. 

Fantasy touch is good 

Everyone has a problem. 
What's yours? For a per­ sonal reply, write to A BBY: 
Express-News. Box 2171. 
San Antonio. Tex. 78297., 
Enclose a stamped, self- addressed envelope, please. 

S e x i ll.ille r 
DEAR A BBY : I work for the Bureau of \ ital Statis­ tic s Since unite a few peo­ ple iiave had sex change operations recently. Kiev have been requesting that their names be changed to agree with their sex change. We are huv intr dif­ ficulty in writing to these people. 
They names lore huv iii; operation. fo r example: A man named .lames Black has changed his name to \ ir- gima Black. Bv l ights lie is still a male with a female name 
When w riting to him. should we address him as 
Dear Mr Black, since lie i> '-till a biological male, or 
I tear Miss Black." since his name has been legallv changed? — BA LTIM O RE 
DII.EM M V 
D EA R 
DI I. EVI M V: 
Address him (or her) bv his 
(or lien legal name. 

 usually have their legallv changed bo­ ttle sex change 

Over the holiday period, I was able to view something I have heard about for several years, and it was a glory to behold. It's in 
Kansas City, and it’s for children. 
It’s called Kaleidoscope; and it is a creation of the 
Hallm ark Cards Corpora­ tion, prompted by an idea of the president of the cor­ poration. Donald Hall, and executed bv a most remar­ kable former art leacher, 
Rachel Chambers, and a small stall'. 
It is labeled a “ creative art experience." And that it is But I'm not sure that label does it full justice It is a ‘‘turn-on." a fantasy- land where you eau let your im agination run freely, where you can touch. feel, smell and actively work with your hands as well as look ll is a place where what­ ever you do is O K ; there is no vv rong w av. 

Although thi' initial Ka­ leidoscope was a traveling exhibit that v i m ted Ut) cities across the country from IMM) to 197:1, it is now permanent Iv housed in 
Kansas City's Crown Center complex 
There, in groups of about 
7o. ti.MIO children between the ages of five and 12 visit the activity each month 
The heart of Kaleidoscope is a studio workshop with nine activity areas where children create all sorts of fun things from materials that are mostly industrial waste', scraps from the 
Hallmark plants. 
I sing glue aud paint and colored m arkers, the 

 youngsters make jewelry. masks, puppets, puzzles and more from these* scraps of paper, colorin! cello ­ phane and yarn 
Before* getting lo the* sin clio workshop, c hildren pass through a c hild size* waiting room (the Mouse's House), an entry passageway of hanging plastic strips (a 
‘'Tickle* Tunnel” ); a short slide-show preview of the experience; a "Touch, See aud Sniff” hallway; a "D is­ covery Room ” of more sight, sound and touch ex­ periences 
And finally, a "N ature 
Tunnel." a simulated forest iii a clear piastre tunnel lined with stuffed animals 

 iii a natural habitat of trees and flowers. 
Basics 

Once in the* workshop ar­ ea. children arc* shown the* basic's of using the mater­ ials. and thc*n they go to work 
Each child finishes with a sac k full of creations to take home 

The whole atmosphere of the experience is impres- siv c. There is a pen a s iv e 

 jo y o u s exuberance* i i i th e busv ro o m fu ll ol t h ild r c n e n g ro s s e d iii cl e at iv e ac ti- 

 v it v 
Be hav mr problems" 
Not here 
\ ' \ en soc a lied hyperactive children seem to sett Ic* clow n and relish the* experience 

There s a message for all parents and educators in 
Kaleidoscope. E v cry-one, children and adults, can profit from a time and a place where* we* can be* free* to "o b ” and " a ll” over simple things and lot our childish im pulses aud imagination be expressed w ithout fear of stifling ‘ rt- ticism 

RUG CLEANING SALE 
Ka OFF CASH N ' CARRY ONLY 

 lia n se n I im (lie r s 
4 26 Seguin rd. san antonio, te x as 7 8 2 o 8 
SALE ENOS FEB. Sth 

Teen causes auto tragedy 

Dear Ann; I recently rend the letter by the 
17-year-old buy who 
'died- in an auto crash. 

I'd like* to tell another story — the other side. It was a 17-year-old box whose reckless driving killed my mot her. 
One Sunday morning I tric'd to phone* Mom to tell her the* good news 
I was pregnant a ca in She* didn't answer the phone 
Elu n I heard a bulletin on the radio There* had been a serious automobile acci­ dent on the highway near our home 
I had a terrible feeling — sort ol a premonition — so I asked im husband to drive* me there, "lu st to make sure 
When vee passed my par­ ents house* I prayed to < bid thai their ear would he* iii the drivewav Ii wasn't 
A lew miles clow ii t lie road we saw it — smashed to smithereens — a heap o| 
I w isled steel People* were 
Ic av inc the sc cue. 

I ll jilt e d 

Mn husband asked the police oil leer where tile* I ii - lured had been taken 
He told lls — w it ti a sad nod o| the head 
The ch ivc* to the* hospital bellied like an eternity cried and prawn! all Hic* wa> 
When we found im lather i i i Hic* emergency room the sight o| him made inc sick Ile looked up at me find asked. "Where s your motlier ? " 
I told him I didn t know but I d go 11lid ber — certain she was i i i another treat­ ment room 
As I ran down the hall. 
I runt ic and frightened, a kindly doctor slopped me and took my arm Ile led inc and my husband into a small conference room 
I knew what was c oming 

Ile told me my mother was dead 
I pounded my lists on the wall and screamed. "N o . no. she can’t b e'" 
Ob (bid. I didn t mean to make so much noise. I'm sure my lather beard me. 
That wa. no way for him lo get such leiTilde news. 
When I went back to his room he was cry mg 
The luneral was a night* mare 
Selecting the dress my mother was to In* buried in was mote than I could bear 
W hen I handed the lunet al director I tic* loc kct the kids and I gave her tor 
Mother 'n Day iuy knees buckled and I very neatly hunted 

Mv lather was too b ad ly in ju red to attend the funer­ al. The k id s couldn't un­ d erstan d why Grandma had to be iii that big, closed box 
W h y couldn't they see h e r? 
Oh. how my heart ac hed tor my lather, my children and for myself 
All this agony and suffer- anc because a 17-year old 

 b o y was iii a hurry t o see h i s 
‘.girlfriend. Aud wouldn't 
Wuu know i t — the buy 

 walked away from the acci­ dent w ithout a sc ratch. 
Now. two years later. I have two tiny girls who will never know their wonderful grandmother. What a spe­ cial part of their lives they will miss 
To th is day. I have not set eyes on the boy who did this terrible thing, And I hope I nc'v cr do. 
I pray that every person who has a driver s license and re a d s your column will stop tor a moment and rea­ lize- what one* unguarded moment can mean to the 
In cs ut oi hers 
Please do not u-e my name Sign mc* — I II Never 
Stop Missing Her 
Dear Friend: Your let tel­ ls b ound to make a eliller- euec It is sure lo save some lives My thanks for writing ii. along with my heartfelt condolences 

 lf you have* a problem let 
Ann Landers help you solve it Write Ann Landers, care cd the Express-News. IVO. 
Box 2171. San Antonio. 
Tex., 78297. 

CON FID EN TIA L to 
Handsome* and Charming in 
Honolulu: Please don't send a picture. Anyone who has all the qualities you de­ scribe* needs police protec­ tion — not help getting dates 

Do you fool awkward, self-conscious — lonely? 
Welcome to the club. 
There s he lp for you iii Ann 
Landers's booklet. "T h e 
Key to Popularity." Send 5o cents iii coin with your re­ quest and a long, stamped, self-addressed envelope to 
Ann Landers, care of The 
Express. Box 2171. San An­ tonio, Tex 78'2!)7 
78297. 

 r n 

S a 

'Ck 

 e . y v tty i 

 exmrt and import corporation 

 i .' IO i’ ) o t in H i i 
I? i i 
I ■ • i 
' 
I W I LL S 5 (ll IO " I I IM It I I M ( OI Ll '< I ION OI 
ORIENTAL RUGS 

• 
The largest & finest collection of new & antique rugs. 
• 
Direct importers of Oriental & Persian rugs. 
• 
Experts will help you select just the right rug for your home. 
• 
All rugs are guaranteed genuine handmade. 
• 
Our rugs may be exchanged for full credit at any time. 
• 
Appraisals made. 
< 

So u th w e st H e rita ge 
A n tiq u e s Sh e w & Sa le 
C O N V E N T IO N CENTER 

Nr® 

At • o r 

FOR YO U. . .THE PEA SA N T LO O K S SUBTLE, 

ELEGANT ALLURE BY KASPER FOR JO A N LESLIE 

Enticingly lavish fluid polyester crepe peasant style dress with Ultra Suede" midriff and trim accents by Kasper for Joan Leslie. Lilac. 
Misses sizes. . $ 1 7 2 . 

D resses, not at M ilita ry Plaza 

SHOP DILLARD S MONDAY-SATURDAY IO AM-9 PM: NORTH, CENTRAL PARK; SOUTH, MILITARY PLAZA, NORTHEAST, WINDSOR PARK 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday January 9 1977 

C.E. Kemmerer, tfBDt 
WOMEN OF THE YEAR 

Miss Whiting 

 exchange vows 

Miss Deborah Anne Whiting and Charles 
Earl Kemmerer were married Saturday in the Little Church of La Villita by the Rev. 
David Edmunds. 

The bride is the daughter of Col. (ret.) and Mrs. Roger Whiting. The groom is the son of Col. and Mrs. William T. Kemmerer of Helotes. 

Kathryn Tucker was maid of honor and 
Kyle Kuberski served as best man. 

A reception was held in the Cos House following the ceremony. 
MR AND MRS. CHARLES E 
KEMMERER 
Couple to honeymoon 

 in Mexico 

MRS. M. A. HARRELSON 
Vows said 
Saturday at Ft. Sam 

Miss Frances Marguerite 
Haake became the bride of 
Michael Allen Harrelson of 
Houston. Saturday in the 
G ift Chapel at F t 
Sam 
Houston. The Rev. Thomas 
Confroy officiated 
The bride is the daughter of Col. (ret.) and Mrs. Tho­ mas G. Haake. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs 
Donald B. Harrelson of San 
Marcos. 
Maid of honor was Mar­ ina (I. Haake. Bridesmaids were Debra Barnett John­ son. Linda A. 
Barnes, 
Patricia Haake and Susan 
Harrelson 
Flower girls wen* ( arrie 
Sehuermann and Melinda 
Harrelson Rmgbearor was 
I hristopher Sehuermann 
Serv ing as best man was 
Scott Harrelson. Grooms­ men were Dunn Harrelson, 
Thomas E. Haake, John C. 
Haake and Larry ( lopper 
A reception was held in the W indcrest Golf Club following tho ceremony 
The couple will reside iii 
Houston 

Miss Alana Sue Wiley of 
Selm a and Lee Andrew 
Woods III of Converse ex­ changed m arriage vows, 
Saturday in Our Lady of 
Perpetual Help Church in 
Selm a. The Rev. John 
Flvnn officiated 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred A 
Wiley of Selma. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Lee A. Woods ll of Ja c k ­ sonville, Fla., formerly of of Montclair, N. J. 
Matron of honor was .Jan- nalvn Welch, sister of the bride. 
Bridesm aid was 
Nancy Riedel. 
Serving as best man was 
M ichael Black. Groom s­ man was Barry O’Brien. 
Ushers were Carl Morgan and Ralph Zimmermann. 
A reception was held in 
Our Lady of Perpetual Help 
School Cafetorium follnw- 

MRS. L. A. WOODS III 

 mg the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
Mexico, the couple will re­ side in Converse. 

Membership meeting set 

Battle of Flowers Asso­ ciation will have its Ja n ­ uary membership meeting 
Tuesday in the Em ily Wells 
Brown Wing of McNa.v Art 
Institute. 
Coffee will be served at IO a in. , followed by a busi­ ness meeting at 1o:3o a rn. 
O riental it ion for new 

 members will be at 11:3o am . 
Mrs. Claude 
L. Nabors, m em bership chairm an. will introduce newly-elect­ ed members 
M in e s. Thomas H. Di- seker. Daniel IV Pace lr. and A C Sien will be hos­ tesses. 

 including the San Antonio 
Symphony Society, the 
Southwest C raft Center, 
Laurel Heights Garden 
Club, Castle Hills Women’s 
Club, 
Pan 
Am erican 
League and others. 

Sports 

Now an avid golfer. Betty 
(Mrs. C. F .) Dibrell was once reluctant to try the game. 
“ Golf is a w alking game,’’ she says, “ and I don’t like to walk across the street.’’ Her hsuband, Air 
Force Col. (re t.) Dibrell enjoyed the sport so much, he was determined that his wife try it. 
Fourteen years ago be­ paid a friend $5 to get Betty on the golf course. “ The golf bug bit,” and now the couple plays together often. 
Ironically, she won the 
Prestons say nuptial voles 

F lo ra l Heights United 
Methodist Church in W i­ chita Falls was the setting 
Saturday for the wedding of 
Miss Kay Marilyn Ikard of 
W ichita Falls arid Bruce 
Julian Preston. The Rev. 
James Palmer officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Don G. Ikard of 
Wichita Falls. She was gi­ ven in m arriage by her grandfather, W infield S. 
Ikard. The groom’s parents are M r. und Mrs. Cecil 
Preston Jr. 
Maid of honor was Sally 
Slom er of 
A lief, 
Tex. 
Bridesmaids were Sandra 
Penn of Wichita Falls and 
Cecily Ann Preston, sister of the groom. 
Ju n io r bridesmaids were Ginny 
Bruce of Kirkwood, Mo. and Sarah Combs of Wichi­ ta Falls. 
Kevin 
A. 
Preston, brother of the groom, served as best man. 
Groomsmen were George 
Ikard and Brian Ikard of 
Wichita Falls, brothers of the bride, Charles Hy- barger of Houston, and M i­ guel Villaviceneio of San 
Salvador. El Salvador 
After a wedding trip to 
Flo rid a, the couple w ill reside in College Station 

 first golf trophy in the fa m ily. T heir son. Capt. 
Charles F. Dibrell Jr . is also devoted to the sport. 
Volunteer 
Volunteer activities for 
A licia G arcia M artinez come after a long work day as field service coordinator for the Department of Hu­ man Resources and Ser­ 

 vices, Metro O ffice on 
Aging, and Comprehensive 
Nutrition Program. 
The native San Antonian donates her time and ser­ vices in many diverse areas of community life. 
She is vice president of the board of the Mexican- 
American Unity Council, secretary of St. Vincent de 

Paul Society of St. T i­ mothy’s Catholic Church, and a trustee for the Ecu­ menical Center for Religion and Health. 

She was the first woman president of the Economic 
Opportunities Development 
Corp. and worked this past year for the United Negro 

College Fund — to mention a few of her activities. 
When she is not doing or­ ganized volunteer work, she uses her time to help others in the neighborhood 
— troubled teens or needy senior citizens. 
She is the wife of John Z. 
Martinez and the mother of a son and a daughter. 

THREE SUPERB 

WIGS BV EVA GABOR 

AT A MERE 15.99 EACH 

Select ‘Playcurls’, usually 2o.oo; 

‘Capri’, usually 25.oo or 

‘Elegant Lady’, usually 27.oo. 

All three have the look that 

 beautiful women identify with. 

Dynel® modacrylic in natural 

 and frosted shades. Wig Boutique, 

Downtown and North Star Mall. 

FROST BROS. 

Dixon’s 
Horoscope 

Y O U R B I R T H D A Y T O D A Y 
St • von w e ll a lo n g a m o d e ra te ly e a s y p a th to n a tu ra l p ro s p e rity , a c c o rd m a to how w e ll you tit in to e x is tin g toeol condition*. 
T e m p ta tio n is to w u r d d r if t pnderuse of opportunity 
Don t neg lect spiritual values or you tip sup tie balances unfavorab ly 
T o d a y - n a t iv e * h a v e n im b le m in d * , m e r c u r ia l d i* p o * itio n s m uch cu rio sity about w hat other . o re thinking 
Those born fbi* ye a r d e v e lo p s tr o n g in tu it io n to supplem ent their inherent p olitical 
Sk ills 
A R I E S 
(M a rc h 21 A p r il IV) 
Th. fess you do by w a y at in n o va tio n th e b e tte r 
A le r t lis t e n in g b r in g s p e rc e p tio n , a* s lip * of th e to n g u e a r e the n o rm 
D on I w a ste m o n e y on lu x u ry pu t Chases 
T A U R U S 
< A p r ti 7o M a y 7o1 
You w a lk tow ard m eaning less com plex tty unit s* people con use their svs terns ol an a lysis to t them sim m er u n d is tu r b e d , w ith a c h a n c e to re ve rs e opinions, becom e positive 
G E M IN I 
(M o v 21 Ju n e 2o1 
W hat 
Is said rn public is ris k y 
O th e rs m isunderstand or assu m e you refer to what they know but you don t 
R e e v a lu a te p riv a te m a tte rs 
P a y bills, aet ad cau ate receipts 
C A N C E R 
( lu n e 2) J u l y 
221 
S tick to w e ll b o rn w e ll w o rn rgu tines and all is d ecep tively >ia-v 
A p p ly b rig h t id e a s a n d n o th in g to n ie s out as planned Ex a g g e ra te d gestures lack proper interpretation 

C E O 
( Ju ly 73 A ug 
??) 
L e a v e g u e s s in g , lo n g shot g a m b le s to 
Others 
R einsp ect your position re ce n t m o ves 
See if co rre c tio n s should be ottered before others ask it Frie n d s o re moody 
V I R G O 
(A u g 
2 J S e c t 
22) 
Today s decisions o re knocked out b v s o m e th in g m o r e im p o r t a n t tom orrow, a foetor not now recog h u e d 
N o t e v e r y b o d y a t b o n d b e lo n g s in y o u r f u t u r e , m o k e choices 
L IB R A 
(Sept 
2 JO c t 
221 
Relo lions run a cycle tfom on* extrem e to another, som e cram ah- ally vt ibie. o th e rs su b tly e x p re s s e d 
D etails m ust be rep eated outside norm al sequence 
S COR PIO 
(O ct 
23 N ov 
71) 
Re group inner energ y tor a huge step t o w a r d 
Jo in forces, yes accep t m ore responsibility, no U se cu rren t d rift p a tte rn s to r d is c re e t s o c ia l relaxation 
S A G IT T A R IU S 
(N o v 
22 Dec 
21) 
B e p a t ie n t w ith im p e r f e c t io n 
L o n g ra n g e e ffo rts p r o g r e s s u n ­ eve n ly, need revisions soon Le sse r people ‘ry to help, exp ect trem en poos com pensation. 
C A P R I C O R N 
(D ec 
22 Ja n 
19) 
T heory p re va ils , cro w d s out proc tied! a ctivities that b n n a im m ed iate results 
Unsound p rotect* outdated b v ’ technical a d van ce s loiter, a r e n t w orth fresh investm ent 
A Q U A R I U S 
( J a n 
2o F e o 
Ut) 
T e a rin g d ow n is fa r e a s ie r th a n asse m b lin g an yth in g of im p o rtan ce 
M o n e y m a k in g s c h e m e s m u st be g e nuinely o rig inal, well thought out now tor launch in g later 
P I S C E S 
( F e b 
IV M a r c h 2o) 
E x p la n atio n s create m ore contusion th a n th e u n a n s w e r e d p r o b le m s 
A v o id sho w d o w n e n c o u n te rs , ex p enm entof procedures 
Y o u r feom isn I ready to take the field vet 

FROST BROS. 

SOFT SULE 

SPLENDID COLLECTIONS OF HOME BEAUTIFULS. SHEETS, TOWELS, BLANKETS, BEDSPREADS, 
COMFORTERS, TABLE LINENS, BATH ACCESSORIES, KITCHEN ACCESSORIES, DECOR THINGS. ALL AT SUBSTANTIAL 
SAVINGS NOW. LINEN AND GIFT SHOPS, DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL. 

Collins 
C, 
* * rn 
Miss Thornton solemnize vows 
\ 
The Rev. Joseph Petsch officiated at the wedding of Miss Cynthia Ann Thornton and 
Collins Bailey Crozier, Saturday in St. 
Paul’s Catholic Church. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. William J. Thornton. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. Walter Vernon 
Crozier of Gonzales. 

Maid of honor was Debi Smith. Brides­ maids were Mrs. Bill Thornton Jr. of San 
Marcos, Carol Crozier of Gonzales, Lanie 
Holder of Lubbock, and Mrs. Kyle Crozier. 

Serving as best man was Kyle Crozier. 
Groomsmen were Lamar Seale of Dallas, 
Eddie McBride of Enid, Okla., Rick Bou­ dreaux of Baton Rouge, La., and John 
Thornton. 

Assisting as ushers were Bill Thornton ol 
San Marcos, Bob Irby of College Station, 
Bruce Boyd of Midland, and Paul Thorn­ ton. 
A reception was held in the Lackland 
AFB Officer’s Club following the cere­ mony. 
. 
MRS. COLLINS B. CROZIER 

Cynthia Sheridan 

 becomes bride 

Michael Harvey 

Miss Cynthia Marie Sheridan became the bride of Michael Edward Harvey of Den­ ton, Saturday in the Church of the Blessed 
Sacrament. The Rev. Dennis R. Graviss officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Thomas J. Sheridan. The groom is the son of Mrs. Suzanne C. Harvey. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Craig Carlile of Greeley, Colo. Maid of honor was Colleen 
Sheridan, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Nancy Wade of Littleton, Colo., Anne 
Sheridan and Janet Sheridan, sisters of the bride, and Mrs. Robert Hollingsworth. 
Junior bridesmaid was Patricia Sheridan, sister of the bride 
Joseph Harvey, brother of the groom, served as best man. Groomsmen were 
John Doherty of Sherman. Odin Collins of 
Fort Worth, Terry Morgan, John Cun­ ningham and Leo Dielmann IIL 
A reception was held in the Turtle Creek 
Country Club. 
After a wedding trip to Cloudcroft, N. M., the couple will reside in Denton. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 9 7 7 
Page 
I:F1 

S c en e ii 

MRS. MICHAEL E. HARVEY 

Morrises say vows 

The m arriag e of Miss 
Dona Lee Gray and Dewey 
Brett Morris was solem ­ nized Saturday in St. Stan­ islaus Church by the Rev. 
Msgr. B. Huebertus. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gil L. Gray of Lakehills. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. 
Raymond D. Morris. 
Matron of honor was Kel­ ly Jean Smith. Bridesmaids were Cindy Gray, sister of the bride, Cyndi Morris, 
Susan Ostenson, and Jean­ ette Hearty. 
Serving as groomsmen were Gene Morris, Donnie 
Morris, Roby Craddock, and Bob Reilly. 

MRS I). B. MORRIS 
A reception was held at the Flying L Ranch. 

MRS. J. A. POSEY 
J.A. Poseys repeat vows on Saturday 

The Rev. C. o. Randal officiated at the wedding of 
Miss Charlene Elizabeth 
Chamrad and John Alvin 
Posey, Saturday in Bellaire 
Baptist Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank H. 
Chamrad Sr. The groom is the son of Mrs. Lucille 
Posey and John W. Posey. 
Maid of honor was Hazel 
June Wells of Von Ormy. 
B ridesm aids were Mrs. 
Denise Stachowiak, Me­ lanie Herring, and Cheryl 
Hernandez. Junior brides­ maid was Jennifer Carna­ han. 
Flow er girl was Kimberly 
Carnahan and ringbearer was Keith Squicr. 
Serving as best man was 
William Fischer. Grooms men were Jam e s Law, 
Frank H. 
Chamrad Jr., brother of the bride, Ken­ neth McDaniel and Michael 
Williams: Ushers were 
Raymond Stachowiak and 
Michael Carnahan. 
A reception was held in the church hall following the ceremony. 

MRS. ARTURO SANDOVAL] 
Sandoval vows are pledged 

Miss Estella Ruiz became the bride of Arturo Sando­ val of Dolorez Hidalgo,. 
Mexico, Saturday in St I 
Jude's Catholic Church. Of­ ficiating was the Rev.. 
Herman Lou wade. 
Parents of the couple are' 
Mr. and Mrs. Manuel Ruiz and Mr. and Mrs. Antonio 
Sandoval. 

Mat ron of honor was 
Minerva Davila. B rides­ maids were Mary Alice 
Schmid, Connie Bustos and 
Martha Mercado. Flower girl was Tanya Schmid and ringbearer was Rudy To­ bias Jr. 
Serving as best man was 
Rudy Arispe. Groomsmen were Ernest Garcia, Ro­ berto Linarez, and Rocky 
Camacho. 
A reception was held in the Villa Fontana Ballroom following the ceremony. 

Karotkin’s Broadw ay, Downtown and North Star stores 
Factory Authorized Sale! 

Large selection of our “ best selling’' 

I 

 r n 

£ 
Ste, 

I vias 

 rn 

 pr s 

VA\ 
A t 

W - l U L d '. 
/ 

INC 

JIVING* °f int 
' 

O' 5eoib* 
Vt, 
V » ' r - ’ 

Upholstery 
2o% 

Stock and custom orders rn 

The impeccable hand tailoring 

 of Pearson furniture dram atic­ 

 ally sets it apart from ordi­ 

 nary upholstery. Hands care­ 

 fully measure and cut the 

 fabrics, meticulously matching 

 pattern to pattern for beauti­ 

 fully balanced, uninterrupted 

 flow of design. They place 

 buttons, tuft, fold, tack, stret­ 

 ch, shape and smooth. C o n­ 

 struction visibly meets the 

 very highest standards of our 

 industry, both in methods and 

 in quality of materials. Com e 

 and choose from a vast selec­ 

 tion of handsome decorator 

 fabrics, including velvets, 

Herculons, plaids, stripes and 

 florals in a rainbow of deco­ 

 rator colors. (N ot all frames shown in each store). Choose now from this large selected group. 

- s /X 

 v Potwin* l r ‘ 
We 
‘-1 ,nl° nUure tom?*"* 
.win 

 f>“° 
«Vo, Te*tt 
Antonio 

I IO 

A t o n i c T O - 
* 
.... to 
,o17. Vt “ V 
’ 
, *«<* 
Atinl*'V5 v ^ o V V o t t J ? .A Ja n u ar y * 
, e s ut t o w o n t'' 
. . . . two ~ty 
. pule* ■” 
• ill U * ‘ 
. , 
Vov VU* i a c \ u o ‘’1- oCc l a ' v1 
.in . I a n ,!*•*;, (.MIC* *l " 
L l newt 
>PcCiaJ scUltvR 
U ‘ c cufcWsv-®1'' 
" b o t iv b o t ff t iv - m nut your 
^ , nclulJc re ®f{eC 
„ooortunVtY e VOOln tVic oppo1 
( ten*- 
, , a* t o t r t v o n V 
OI h 
( f l f l l i 
- 
.v, u v i U a v i n ^ * f o r atxd ' * ri vv'i' v,1- a t , 
( { t t t h * 5 *aV . r a w n a t ^ v v Pllt.r pri** y% 
Aile1 v ut t r fiiiw t 

5 „ n U V . 
‘ 
UU. 
U ’ * 
)»nu»rV 
,l.,c, ami I ' 1*'1 
, v,ld o,1 v 

” a p l.—U ♦ " S S , % < 'tW t’ t o o'* 1 
\ o r d e r * P ‘ exVe d l t o 
I 
’**'• 
, 1. von to*, 
\ our 
* cit* ate be* u . r e . civ * s t o * ^ p r o d u c t i 

 al * r y 
• pi* to a 
(otv**** 
I iou*' it nut^ 
• 
Sire von 

 p e g t*oO 

\ 

/1 

I? 
4m - 
% r n 
.IS 

■ ,iV 
WAC* 

 s t * Mil) 
o •O* Bit rill I**eo***1 NC JTI*' 

K arotkin’s 

Broadw ay 
98o3 Broadway 
824-94o3 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thun., Tri, 
Opon 1o-o Tu*»„ Wed., Sot. 

O ur O w n Convenient Credit plus M aster C h arg e' and BankAm ericard 

Delivery and set-up at no extra charge within delivery area 

Downtown 
North Star 
231 I. Commerce 
San Pedro A Loop 41o 
227-6361 
. 
342-2331 
Open 9-S:3o Mw* thru Sat. 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Th un., hi. 
•leapt Thun. HR* till 8:1o 
Open 1o4 Tut*., Wed,, Sot. 
_____________ 
J 

• 44,45" Wide 
• Machine Washable. 

•5 8 6o" Wide •M achine Washable. 
•Choose from solid colors and fancy patterns. 

REMNANT RIOT 
2 5 * 7 o " o f f 
TO M 
ORIG. PRICES 

1ooVo Polyester Double Knits 
NOW *2.88 
Orig. $3.99 

• 58/6o" Wide •M achine Washable. 
•Color-coordinated solids, prints and fancy patterns to mix and match. 

MOST FABRICS AT MOST STORES 
SINGER 
SEWING CENTERS 

IN SAN ANTONIOl 
515 McCreless Plaza 
...................................................... 534*61 54 
2o6 Wonderland Shopping C ity .............................................. 7 3 5 -7 1 6 8 
228 Central Park Shopping Conter.......................... 
3 4 2 -5 2 3 3 
715 S.W. M ilitary O rive................... 
9 22 -2 13 1 

Adair-Strait 

Miss .lune Kenee S trait becalm' the bride of M o r­ gan A d a ir of D e tro it, Sa­ turday in West End Church of Cod in ( brist. O fficiating were the Hew G T Garcia and Rev W. I. Jones. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs Freddie L. Handle of Lane I tty and P aul 
A ubry of Beaum ont. The groom 's parents are M r and Mrs. Lee Ernest Adair of Okolona. Miss. 
M aid of honor was San­ dra A p p lin . B ridesm aids were Evelyn Gimels, Bonita 
Crockett and Sherry Grant. 
F lo w e r g ir l was N icola 
M ontgom e ry and rin g - bearer was Kenneth Boss 
II 
Serving as best man was 
Roosevelt 
K oundtree. 
Groomsmen were Thomas 
W 
Myles. Wayne Kelley, and Andre Aubry Assisting as ushers w ere D arle ne 
Cassel, K im Dawkins, Da­ vid B edford and Dewey 
Johnson. 
A reeeption w a s held iii the West End M u lti’Service 
Center. 
A fte r a w edding trip to 
Memphis and D etroit, tile couple w ill reside in 
Frankfurt. Germany. 

Dreiss-ClonU 

The m a rria g e of M iss 
Hut Ii 
Anne C louts and 
A lfred James Dreiss was solem nized S aturday in 
W indcrest U nited M etho­ dist Church by the Rev. Dr. 
John Donuho and the Rev. 
Dean Pratt. 
The bride is the daughter of Ll. Col (re t.) and Mrs Charles B. Chintz. 
The groom is the sun of M r. and 
M rs. 
A lfre d G ile s 
Dreiss of Comfort. 
Serving as maid of honor was 
B ernadette C ham ­ pagne. Best man was Ro­ bert H a ll. A s s is tin g as ushers were Douglas Clout/ and Scan C lout/, brothers of the bride. 
The couple w ill live near 
Comfort. 

Samuel Smith, 
Lisa Ann Hill exchange vows 

Miss Lisa Ann H ill and Samuel Chris­ topher Smith exchanged m arriage vows. 
Saturday in the Perry Chapel before the 
Rev. Peter Mc Kenna. 
Parents of the couple are M r. and Mrs. 
Boyce L. H ill and M r. and Mrs. Burnley 
Duke Smith. 
. 
M aid of honor was P ris c illa P rie to . 
MRS. S. C. 
B rid e sm a id s w ere L in d a C arelo ck of 
SMIT Ii 
Dallas, Debbie Shaffner and Linda K lar. 
Flower g irl was Angie Grey and ringbearer was John 
Bryan H ill. 
Serving as best man was Marq Hughes. Groomsmen were Dale Kohler. Frank M ■ nchaca. Patrick Garza, and 
Michael Smith. Ushers were Daryl H ill and Robert Kohler. 
A reception was held in St. B rig id ’s Catholic Church. 
The couple w ill honeymoon in Austin 

NIGHT SCHOOL COURSES 

The Part-Time and Evening School locat­ ed at Fox Tech High School, 6 3 7 N orth 
M ain 
Avenue, is opening the fo llo w in g classes. 

SHORTHAND CLASS fo r beginners w ill start January 12, 1 9 7 7 , from 6 p.m . to 9 p.m. for 36 hours. Class w ill be held on 
W ednesday nights. 

SECRETARIAL PROCEDURES CLASS w ill start January 12, I 9 7 7 . This class w ill meet on W ednesday and Thursday nights from 6 p.m . to 9 p.m. for 8 weeks. Filing, Styling 
Business 
Letters, 
O p eratin g 
D uplicating 
M achines, and an Introduction to the D ic­ taphone, and G eneral O ffic e Procedures. 
Some know ledge o f typing recom m ended. 

For further inform ation call 226-1 2 9 5 . 

MHS RICHARD B HOLLAR JR 

R.B.Hollar Jr., 
Debra 
Jo vows repeated 

Miss Debra Ann Jouffray and Richard 
Beverly H ollar Jr.. both of College Station, were m arried Saturday in St. Anthony of 
Padua Church. 

The bride is the daughter of M r. and 
Mrs. Victor Jouffray. The groom is the son of Mrs. Richard B. H ollar and the late Lt. 
Col. Hollar. 

M aid of honor was N ancy S hearin. 
Bridesmaids were M rs. Edwin Bourque and Christine Jouffray, sisters of the bride, 
Mrs. George Shaffer and Peggy H ollar, sisters of the groom , and M rs. V icto r 
Jouffray Jr. 
S erving as flo w e r g irl was J e n n ife r 
B ourque and rin g b e a re r was E dd ie 
Bourque. 

Best man was Lew is C oste llo J r. 
Groomsmen were Chuck Hazelwood. Butch 
Jouffray, Edwin Bourque, George Shaffer, and Scott Neil. Ushers were Steve Clark and Mike Velasco. 

A reception was held in The Gazebo at 
Los Patios. 
After a wedding trip to Ruidoso, N.M ., the couple w ill reside in Bryan. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1 9 7 7 

MKS. KURT R. BAUERNFEIND 

Mr. Bauernfeind, 

Sherran Walden recite nuptials 

The m arriage of Miss Sherran Michelle 
Walden and Hurt Robert Bauernfeind was solemnized Saturday in Concordia Luther­ an Church by the Rev. Norman Abbot. 
The bride is the daughter of Robert 
Walden of Oklahoma City and Mrs. M arie 
Walden. Parents of the groom are M r. and 
Mrs. Roy C. Bauernfeind. 
Matron of honor was Cindy Garrahan, sister of the bride. B ridesm aids were 
Cindy Lawonn of H artford. W is., Susan 
Ann Bauernfeind of San Marcos, Suzanne 
Neuhaus and Lin d a D espres. J u n io r bridesmaid w as Anna Solis. 
The groom ’s brother. Steven Bauern­ feind of San Marcos, served as best man. 
Groomsmen were M ike Despres, Gary 
Gerloff, Robert Neuhaus and Rick G arra­ han. 
Assisting as ushers were Dennis Quitta, 
M ike H arper, Gerald Davis and David 
Verette. 
A reception was held in the Northern 
H ills C ountry C lub follow ing the cere­ mony. 

The couple left on a wedding trip to 
Bryan where they w ill reside. 
Rangel-Hinojosa vows recited at St. Mary’s 

Miss Diane Hinojosa be­ came the bride of Edward 
M artin Rangel. Saturday in 
St. M ary's Catholic Church 
O ffic ia tin g was the Rev. 
George Bavnes. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs Maria Hinojosa and the late Felipe Hinojosa. 
She was given in m arriage by her brother. Jose Hino­ josa The groom ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. M artin T. 

Assorted Dress and Sportswear Fabric 

:88yd. 

Orig. $1.29-51.99 

IOO/o Polyester 
Double Knit Flat Folds 

$U 7 

Orig.$2.99-$3.99 

Rangel. 
Maid of honor was Leticia 
H inojosa, s is te r of the bride. B ridesm aids were 
Alicia Hinojosa, Linda Gon­ zalez, Sylvia Falcon, M ar­ ina Cavazos, Yvonne M a r­ tine z and D orene V e la s ­ quez. 

Flower g irl was Yvonne 
Abraham and rin g b e a re r was Rudy Anthony Gonza­ lez 

Serving as best man was 
Santos Lopez. Groomsmen were P hilip Hinojosa, Rudy 
Gonzalez Jr., Tony Falcon, 
Joe Cavazos, David M a rtin ­ ez and Rueben Velasquez. 
Ushers were Philip Hinojo­ sa and Michael Hinojosa. 

A reception and dance were held in the VFW Hall 
Wedding vows are exchanged 

Miss Terry Lynn Thom p­ son became the bride of 
Gary Lee W oltersdorf. Sa­ tu rd a y in St. M a tth e w 's 
United Methodist Church. 
O fficiating were the Rev. 
Maiford Hierholzer and the 
Rev. Marv in o Ruth. 
Parents of the couple are 
M r, and M rs. George L. 
Thom pson and M r. and 
M rs. Edward L. W elters- dorf. 
Maid of honor was Dele 
Cochran. Bridesmaids were 
Mtiry Scott McNabb. Donna 
Van Riper and Pat Spicer. 
Serving as lies! man was 
Runny 
W o lte rs d o rf. 
G room sm en were Dane 
Houston, Kevin \ mall and 
Kal H ill Ushers were Chris 
Bush. M ike E yhorn and 
Jack Pomeroy. 
A reception was held in the Ft 
Sam Houston O f­ ficer's ( tub following the ceremony. 

MRS. E. M RANGEL 

Post No. 918B. 
The couple w ill honey­ moon in Houston. 

There’s educational opportunity at your door at 

SOUTHWEST CENTER of the 

SAN ANTONIO UNION JUNIOR COLLEGE DISTRICT 
8o o QUINTANA ROAD 

-Academ ic and technical courses from 

SAN ANTONIO COLLEGE and ST. PHILIP’S COLLEGE 
* Non-credit continuing education program s 

*G .E .D . classes 

DAY AND EVENING CLASSES AVAILABLE 

FOR REGISTRATION AND COUNSELING 
INFORMATION VISIT 
SOUTHWEST CENTER 
OR CALL 924-6461 

MRS. G. L. WOLTERSDORF 

W h e n y o u su bscribe to the txp ress, w e d eliver . 
. 
. e v e ry m o r n in g 

A n t o n i o 

( E x p r e s s 

Delivered Right to Your H om e Every M o rn in g . can 225-7411... 

 and b e the first to know. 

Burst Into Fashion 

W hile the price is 

Choose From: Block Patent • Bone or White Smooth leather... $22 

New To You From 

RED CROSS 

• McCnMets S h o p p in g Ctrl' • Je H e 'v a n V illa g e 

• So u th P utt M o ll • U n i, et vol Cit y 

• M c O e i t n V illa g e • W m d iO f P aik M oll 
DOWNTOWN ANO NORTH STAR 

• 
» tk< »-(. 
I ,, - , . . 

4 
A 
A 
4 

San Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— Sunday January 9 1977 

+ + + w e d d i n g b e lle s + + •+ w e d d i n g b e lle s + + + w e d d i n g b e lle s + + + w e d d i n g b e lle s + + ♦ w e 

 j ,■> ' 
' v ' >•' * 
"Xr 
W e d d in g an d E n g a ge m e n t fo rm * a v a ila b le in the W o m e n 's D e p artm e n t 

Lutheran vows exchanged by 
Sherry Taylor, 

W.E. Eckhart 

Miss Sherry Jean Taylor and William 
Earl Eckhart exchanged m arriage vows 
F riday in Christ Lutheran Church before the Rev. Harold W. Moench. 
Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. 
John F. Taylor and Mr. and Mrs. N. E. 
Eckhart. 
Maid of honor was Angie Taylor, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Cindy Eck­ hart. sister of the groom. Sue Taylor and 
Ann White. 

Serving as best man was Bobby Briggs. 
Groomsmen were Johnny Hoenow, Tom 
Taylor, brother of the bride and Wally 
Twarowski. Assisting as usher was Craig 
Saathof. 
After a reception in the Turtle Creek 
Country Club, the couple left on a wedding trip to the hillcountry. 
MRS. WILLIAM E. ECKHART 

Seldon-Roan 

 wedding vows are repeated 

Miss Beverly Gordon Roan of Glen Ellyn, 
111. became the bride of Wilson J. Selden 
Jr ., Saturday in St. M ark’s Episcopal 
Church in Glen Ellyn. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Frank J. Roan of Glen Ellyn Parents of the groom are Mrs. IL Del! Foster and 
Wilson J. Selden. 

Matron of honor was Mrs. Catherine de 
Turk of Panama City, Fla., sister of the bride. The groom’s father served as best man. 

A reception was held at the Glen Oak 
Country Club in Glen Ellyn. 
The couple w ill reside in Brownsville. 

MRS. WH,SON J. SELDON JR . 

William Avila, lfarding-Spann 

‘Christopher 
Grand 

Victorian 

I iolidauSa 
Grande Baroque 

Sterlina F U cl Wallace vjieriinq I laivvare. 
Through January 15 only! 

1/3 Off Open Stock 

 all active patterns 

5-piece place settings consist of teaspoon, place fork, place knife, salad fork, and cream soup spoon. 

MRS. JOEL ERIC ANDREWS SCHROEDER 
Schroeder-Davis vows are recited 

The m a rria g e of M iss 
Mallonee Davis and Joel 
Erie Andrews Schroeder of 
Austin was solemnized Sa­ turday in Alamo Heights 
United Methodist Church by the Rev. Harold C. 
Perdue. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Howard W. 
Davis. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Bruno E. 
Schroeder of Austin. 
Maid of honor w as 
Heather Davis, sister of the bride. Bridal attendants were Ann Solsbery, Mrs. 
F r a s e r G raham . 
T erri 
Olson. Carolyn Johns. Eve- 
1,\n Nixon, P atricia Loh- mun. Jan et R ogers and 
Genie Schocnfeld. 

 feld. 
The g ro o m ’s father served a s best man. 
Groomsmen were Roderick 
F. Coffin I I , Phillip S. 
Kiger, John E. Neff III, 
Randall 
E d w a rd s and 
Danny B. B utler, all of 
Austin, Richard Hawkins of 
Bastrop, John Brougher, and Dr. Kenton P. Schrank. 
Assisting as ushers were 
Gabe Folse of Austin and 
Charles Hornberger III of 
Laredo. 
A reception was held in the Colonial and Minuet 
Rooms of the Menger Hotel. 
After a wedding trip to 
Denver and Breckenridge, 
Colo., the couple will live in Austin. 

Fashions to be modeled 

Spring Preview will be the theme of a fashion show at noon 
Wednesday in the Bright Shawl Tearoom. 
Fashions from Carl’s will be modeled by Mines, Roy 
H 
Garwood 
J r . , 
Neal 
Kinzie, Pierce Sullivan, 
Rapier Dawson, William 
Jeffers and Larry O’Neil. 
Mrs. Berman Batt will be commentator. 
Mrs Tedford Barclay Jr. and Mrs. Dudley Hays will be hostesses._____________ __ 

*&e Great cAmetfcan 

 b a r g a i n 
WANT ADSI 

1o^9* OKO/ or Tm* w oods lo ch oose horn! A ll o r * p r e ­ te n d e d a n d read y to fim th 

FREE 
STAIN 
CLASSES 

423 

W hether you n e e d a in»oU apartm ent m e or a !o>ge tres­ tle table . . . we hove *n o l you wont! 

• 6842 SAN PEDRO 
824-7249 
• 142 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
924-5171 
• a s h b y a t M cCu l l o u g h ! 
734- 

Miss Brenda Sue Walters became the bride of Tho­ m as Jo se p h K oeurek af 
Robstown Saturday in St. 
Joseph’s Catholic Church in 
Devine. The Rev. Pat Bock officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thom as 
Horan of Moore, Tex. P ar­ ents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. Jo e Koeurek of 
Robstown. 
Matron of honor was 
Debbie Hahn. Bridesmaids were Becky Horan and 
Alice Trogden of Moore, sisters of the bride, Joanne 
Tiller of Alice, sister of the groom, and Dc bo Koeurek of College Station. 
Servin g a s flower girl was Susie Stu d dard and rin gb earer w as Tom m y 
Trogden. 
Best man was Rick Ko­ eurek, brother of the groom. Groom sm en were 
Ralph Balko of Banquete, 
Tex., Jim Tiller of Alice, 
John C oldw ater of L u b ­ bock, and Glen Merritt of 
Kingsville 
Assisting as ushers were 
Billy Horan, brother of the bride, C h arles Koeurek, brother of the groom, and 
C. J. Saxm an. 
A reception was held in the church reception hall. 

After a wedding trip to 
California, the couple will reside in Robstown. 
Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 
NPAINTE 
___________ FURNITURE_________ swines UP TO 2o X 

Come in and see our largo soloction of dining room tables ... N O W SA L I PRICED! 
Hurry in while our selection is at if s best! 

O u r n w rh laaf included. IF 'Ka (ab l* you w ant it not in Mock it will b a ordered at ta le p n eet. 
Sale Ends 

Rose Point 

Complimentry silver chest given with purchase of service for 8 or 12. 

A SK ABO UT O U R SILV ER C LU B PLAN. 
NO DO W N PAYMENT. NO F IN A N C E C H A R G E . 

Shenandoah 

VV X V 
I tv 
Grand 
Colonia! 
Golden Aegean Weave 

Sylvia Mendiola nuptials said on Saturday 

Miss Sylvia Ann Mendiola became the bride of William Thaddeus Avila, Saturday in St. Phillip of Jesus Catholic Church. The 
Rev. Jim Conway and the Rev. Paul Sicilia officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. George WL Mendiola. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Fernando Avila 
Jr. 

Maid of honor was Jam ette Jackson. 
Bridesmaids were Betty Cuellar, Grace 
Benavidez, Norma Mendiola, Cindy Men­ diola, and Susan Montalbo. 
Serving as best man was Odie Davis IIL 
Groomsmen were Joe Cuellar, Jerry Avila, 
Joe Avila, Richard Mendiola and George 
Mendiola. 
A reception was held in St. Henry’s Hall. 
The couple will live in South Bend. Ind. 
MKS. WILLIAM T. AVILA 

# | | | | L | JA 
A RARE TRAVEL 
Im n 
I P i em 
OPPORTUNITY 

2o DAY FLY/CRUISE FRO M SA N A N T O N IO TO 
SIN G A P O R E-H O N G K O N G -C H IN A & RETURN 
M A R C H 8-28, 1977 

After years of planning, this unique tour will take you inside China for several days 
You will enter via the Pear River Delta in the Kwantung District and stay in or near the city of Kwangchow 

(Canton). Sightseeing will include visits to a hospital where acupuncture anesthesia is prarficed, a People’s 

 commune, Children's schools, a university, temples, factories producing rattan, silk, ivory products and pot­ 

 tery and a folk art studio. Plus free tickets to a local roo, musical performance and an acrobatic show. 
CALL OR VISIT US FOR M O RE DETAILS 
A lice p i e t z 

= 
C € R t l f l € b t R A V fc l SC R V IC t". = - = 
146 E. Century Bldg. 
84 NJ. LOOP 41o ('/> block tost of North Star Mail) 
__________CALL (S I 2) 342-5241____________ 

__________ THE APPOINTED FLY/CRUISE OPERATOR 
KUONI TRAVEL, IN C 

For example, Rose Point 4o-piece service for 8, consisting of 
8 each place knives, place forks, salad forks, teaspoons, and cream soup spoons, $857.7o. Cash price same as deferred payment price. 11 monthly payments of $72 and one final payment of $65.7o, plus sales tax where applicable. Prices based on 1/3 off open stock. Prices subject to change without notice The cost of credit is included in the price quoted for the goods and services. 

Something Beautiful for Everyone v 

Use one cd our conventtmt charge plans or 
Amencan Express * BankAmencard • Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E. Houston Street • North Star Mall • Windsor Park Mall 

 wedding vows exchanged in 
Baptist Church 

The Rev. Dr. Frank Rainey officiated at the wedding of Miss Debra Elizabeth 
Spann and Robert W’arren Harding, Satur­ day in Castle Hills First Baptist Church 
The bride is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs 
Don L. Spann. The groom’s parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. Warren G. Harding. 

Matron of honor was Mrs David Barr of 
Dallas, twin sister of the groom. Brides­ maid was Debbie Wiebe. 
Serving as best man was Larry Roberts and groomsman was Erie Carr of Fort 
Worth. Assisting as ushers were Jerry 
Austin. Roy Whaley, and Dr. Ewell Clarke. 
A reception was held at the church fol­ lowing the ceremony. 

The couple left on a wedding trip to Fort 
Worth where the couple will reside. 
MKS. K O BER T W. HARDING 

Dr. Laury, Miss Smolik repeat vows in chapel 

Kocurek-Walters 

MRS. P . I ) . LAURY 

 nate Word College. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Mexico City. 

Miss 
Kathleen 
Marie 
Smolik became the bride of 
Dr. Patrick David Laury, 
S atu rd ay in Our L a d y ’s 
Chapel at Incarnate Word 
College. The Rev. David 
Thom as, assisted by the 
Rev. John Flynn. Rev. Jack 
O’Donohue and Rev. Kevin 
Ryan, officiated.___________ 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs: William B. 
Smolik of Cuero. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. 
Jo sep h B. Laury of St. 
Louis, Mo. 
Matron of honor was 
Cynthia Smith, sister of the bride. Maid of honor was 
Mary Elizabeth Swofford. 
B rid e sm aid s were Ju lie 
Hartman and Phyllis Car­ r o t 
Ju n io r b rid esm aid was Tami Smolik. 
Serving as best man was 
Dr. Raymond Rataiczak. 
Groomsmen were Dr. Ro­ bert Connelly, William 
Husson and 
R ichard 
McCracken. Ushers were 
David Smolik and Michael 
Smolik. 
A reception was held in the Marian Hall at Incar- 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday January 9 I 977 

 m ore w edding belles + + + m ore w edding belles + + + 

Barrett-CIark 

The m arriag e of M iss 
Glenda Ruth C lark and 
Frederick E . B arrett III was solemnized Saturday in 
St. Andrew's United Meth­ odist Church by the Rev. 
Clyde Byrd. 

The bride is the daughter of M r. and Mrs. Odis II 
Clark. Parents of the groom are Ll. Col. and Mrs. F re­ derick E. Barrett. 

Matron of honor was Mrs. 

Carolyn Patterson of Aus­ tin. sister of the bride. 
Bridesm aids were .lean 
Graham and Nancy Telotte. 

Best man was Ed Ste­ vens. Groomsmen were dreg ('ox of Austin and R i­ chard Garison. 

A reception was held in the church fellowship hall. 

After a wedding trip to 
San Angelo, the couple will reside in Lubbock. 

January 
Clearance 
Sale 

Final week! 
Save 1o% to 5o% on selected merchandise from our regular stock in these departments: 

Diamond jewelry. Men s prestige-name watches. 
Ladies’ fashion and diamond watches. Gold jewelry. Costume jewelry. 
Mountings. Giftware. 
China. Crystal. Silverplate. 

Use one of our convenient charge plans or American 
Express, BankAmericard, or 
Master Charge. 
Select now for birthdays, 
Valentine’s Day, anniversaries, graduation and every other loving occasion. 
Something Beautiful for 
Everyone.^ 

Use one of our convenient charge plans or 
American Express • BankAmencard • Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

Mr. Colunga, 
M iss Guerra repeat vows 

The m arriage of Miss 
Margaret Ann Guerra and 
David Anthony Colunga w as solemnized Saturday in the 
Little Flower Shrine by the 
Rev. Ralph Reyes. 
Parents of the couple are 
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene ll. 
Guerra and Mr. and Mrs. 
Aniceto B. Colunga. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. 
Dolores Colunga. 
Brides­ maids were Linda Matth­ ews and Lucy Guerra, sis­ ters of the bride. M ary 
M eyer, Pati Perez and 
Cindy Garcia. 
Serving as best man was 
Candelario 
Colunga. 
Groomsmen were 
Phil 
Matthews, Stall Johnson, 
Robert G arcia, Kennel Ii 
Colunga, and Michael Per­ ez. Ushers were Brent 
Wedding vows are solemnized 

(ast Ie 
Hills 
Assembly 
Church was the setting Sa­ turday for the wedding of 
Miss Debra Ann Bonilla and 
Bruce Myron Sigoloff. Offi­ ciating was the Rev. Ted 
Wells. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R 
Bonilla Sr. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Sam 
Sigoloff. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. 
David Hand 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. Alfred It. Bonilla 
Jr. and Mrs. Al Lizarralde. 
Ringbearer was Kelly J. 
Bonilla. 
Best man was the groom’s brother. Nelson VV. 
Sigoloff Groomsmen were 
Alfred 
It 
Bonilla Jr .. brother of the bride, aud 
Gary Goben. Assisting us 

MKS. I). A. COLUNGA 

Johnson and 
W illiam 
Moore. 
A reception and dance were held in the Convention 
Center Banquet Hall. 
J'he couple will live in 
Bossier City, La. 

6o” WIDE 1oo% POLYESTED 
PRINTED KNITS 

SELF DRAPING - BEAUTIFUL PRINTS 

$ 
T I 
3 
9 
FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

5 9 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

I 

$i 

ANTIQUE S A T IN 
DRAPERY 

Seewald 

'Phe m arriage of M iss 
Naomi Marie Krueger and 
Randal It. Seewald was so­ lemnized Friday in Our Sa­ n e r lutheran Church by the Rev. M ark Krueger, brother of the bride. 
The bride is the daughter of Pauline Krueger and the late William Krueger. She was given in marriage by her brother, Silas Krueger. 
Parents of the groom are 
Mr. arid 
M rs 
Em il 
Seewald. 
Matron of honor was 
Palsy Deak. Bridesmaids were 
Rachel 
Krueger. 

MKS. Ii M. SIGOLOFF 

 ushers were Gary Bumpus of Houston and (larry Ely. 
After a reception in the 
Turtle Creek Country Club. tin1 couple left on a wedding trip to Las V egas. 

Krueger 
M ary 
Krueger, 
Becky 
Krueger, Pain Seewald and 
Gail Maulden. 
Serving as flower girls were Tanya W alker and 
Jennifer Lewis. Ringbearer was Tyler Walker. 
Best man was Mark Sor­ enson 
Groomsmen were 
E m il Seewald J r . , G ary 
Seewald, Don N icolini. 
Scott Brown and Bill Stom- ehinski. Ushers were Tim 
Krueger and Al Leissner. 
After a reception in the 
Shenandoah Club House, the couple left on a wedding trip to New Orleans. 

 a r 

CLEARANCE 

DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL 
SECOND F L O O R 

° * 
E s s e s 
2o% 

J { 5 ° 
<*» 
I 

/ Ppoo 
I 

? * s tBl 
° 3 9 9 o o 
S 

* G S 8 t Ac>E S a m l o f Off 

G 

>I*V 

\ o 
.o ° * 

T o 
S s £ s 

1 9 9o 

 c f> 

° » t * e; 
U ' o / ° 

 f- - %k>. 

USE OUR CONVENIENT LA Y­ 
A W A Y PLAN. A SMALL DEP­ 
OSIT 
WILL 
HOLD 
YOUR 

SELECTION IN LAY A W A Y . 

 i 
' y . 
99 

4 
FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

% 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT. 

VINYL 

RECOVER THOSE BOAT CUSHIONS, PATIO 
FURNITURE, ETC. V2 TO 5 YD. PIECES. 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT. 

SURALINE 

SURALINE PLUS 

$ i 

66 . 
FULL PIECE 
PRICE 

 a a cut T° 
ORDER 
PRICE 

54” & 6o” WIDE - 1oo% POLYESTER 

CRINKLE CLOTH 

BOTTOM WEIGHT IN SOLID COLORS 
IDEAL FOR PANTS - SUITS. 

$ 1 

$ 
1 

I 9 ,utt 

PIECE 

Yd- 
PRICE 

39 CUT TO 

ORDER 
PRICE 

1oo% COTTON 4 4 /4 5 ” WIDE. 

FLEECE 
{REMNANTS 

1oO’s of BOLTS 
FINAL CLOSEOUT 
DRESS FABRICS 
OO 

. i * i 
49 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

SOUD CptOR CREPE STITCH 
DOUBLE KNIT 

$ 
I 9 
FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

$ 1 29 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

25 GOOD COLORS. 

PRINTED AND SOLID COLOR 
;lA I'it NE! 

■ ;# f u | 
€ O 
98 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

4 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 

WE DISCOUNT ALL 
NOTIONS EVERY DAY 

39 
; o 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

REMNANTS OF UNDETERMINED 
FIBER CONTENT. 

JERSEY PRINTS 

ALL ON BOLTS 

8 3 
98 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

 s CUT TO 

ORDER 
PRICE 

1oo% ACETATE 
75% ACETATE 
25% NYLON 

1oo% POLYESTER - 6o” WIDE 
SEWING NOTIONS 
$ 1 o o 

FOR 
29 

I 
4 

EA. 

SOME PRE-PRICED UP TO 9o< 

INTERFACING 

PLAIN OR FUSIBLE 

IN CELLOPHANE PACKAGES 

* 1 4 4 
2 
PRGS. 
FOR93 

PLAIN INTERFACING - 1oo% POLYESTER 
'FUSIBLE INTERFACING - 1oo% RAYON 

WE DISCOUNT ALL 
PATTERNS EVERY DAY 

. sr 

I 

938 BANDBRA RD. 
■ anm ia caama • tm mar rn a ca amt mum » 
Q ,fU Q 
O TU A 
135 AT EISENHAUER RD 
AMAY TO M A C M A M A B T 

MARKET 
COMMENT 

L. 
J 
Banks are working out past problem s 

PAUL LEWIS 
IEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 

TYPISTS can revise and correct copy at one sitting w ith the M a g n a I Electronic Typewriter, dem onstrated a b o v e b y Sue C h a p m a n . A lth o u g h the p a p e r is m arke d-up , the final, letter-perfect copy can be re ­ trieved from the typ ew rite r's computer. 
A new typist joins the pool 

Bv BICHARD SMITH 
EXPRESS N EW S BUSIN ESS EDITOR 
One of the biggest h ead ach es a com pany faces daily is the processing of its own paperw ork. 
Most attem pt to work around this problem by installing pools of typists w h o se so le fu n c tio n is to ta k e m arked-up copy and crank out p er­ fect results. 
But it takes tim e to retype copy and money to pay the typists. 
In fact, the problem has been stu ­ d ied by th e b u s i n e s s m a c h i n e m akers, and the answ ers a re begin­ ning to flow in 
Answers 
One a n sw e r is th e M ag n a I e le c ­ tronic typew riter, m anu factu red and sold by the A B Oil k Co. 
In a nutshell, ex p lain s Sue C h ap ­ m an. who m a rk e ts the e ig h t-month- old product locally, the typist c o m ­ p o se s th e m a t e r i a l on th e t.vpew- 

 riter-like keyboard, m ak ing the n e­ c e ssa ry rev isio n s and c o rre c tio n s. 
These are m ad e on paper as usual, which becom es rath er m essy (esp- cially if you change your mind a lot > 
But then the com puter takes over. 
“ A lthough the ty pin g is done on p a p e r,” she says 
“ W hat counts is what goes into th e c o m p u te r m e ­ m o ry .'’ 
Magnetic cards 
The copy is recorded, with the re ­ visions and corrections, onto m a g n e ­ tic cards (usually one card per n o r­ m al typed pag e) w hich can be fed back into a tw o-foot-high console. 
Then the ty p e w rite r a u to m a tic a lly rety pes the finished copy at a rate of alit) words a second 
Although the m achine is relatively new, the d em a n d has been stead y , particularly from those fields w here 

Sr*' I i IMM., R age !!(> 

NEW YORK - The Ameri­ can banking industry has jumped out of the frying pan, but the next step is in doubt. 
The high inflation rates and reces­ sion of the last few years a p p ea r past. 
The big loan losses seem m a n a g e a ­ ble. and earnings are startin g to re­ cover. 
But the ban kers are confronted by new challenges and dangers. 
P r o f i t s a r e b e in g s q u e e z e d by falling interest ra te s and low c o m ­ m e r c ia l d e m a n d for c re d it. S om e fe a r th a t th e m o u n ta in o u s foreign c re d it b a n k s ex ten ded m ay not be rep aid 
In W ashington C o n g ress is gearing up for another, not com ple­ tely welcome, attem pt to change the n a t i o n ’s h a n k in g la w s. E v e n th e b ank s’ new electronic gadgetry is running into snags 
S till, th e i n d u s t r y 's te n d e n c y to w a rd s e l f - c o n g r a t u l a t i o n is m arked. 
Salom on B ro th ers ca lc u la te s th at the ioan-loss rese rv e s of the top IO 
U nited States ban ks rose from $284 million in th e 1978 first q u a rte r to 
$219 million in the third q u a rte r and probably h igh er in the fourth, a lth ­ ough T hom as H. Hanley, the firm ’s hank analyst, believes the situation is u n d e r c o n tr o l an d s a y s “ th e b ig bulge’’ of the 1975 fourth q u a rte r is not likely “ to be re p e ate d .", 
(Inc problem in charting the future is th at m a n y b a n k e c o n o m is ts — along with others — have had crys- tal-ball trouble. They overestim ated the e co n o m y ’s stre n g th and d id n't foresee last y e a r’s "p a u s e .” 
Earlier projections 

“ We’ve had to tear up all the pro­ ject ions we m ade last s u m m e r,” ruefully ad m its one executive front 
M organ G u aran ty . T he m ista k e be­ c a m e a p p a re n t last O c to b e r w hen many hanks reduced forecasts for the e c o n o m y ’s re c o v e ry in th e seco nd half. Soft retail sales and the failure of capital spending to revive “ m akes us v e ry p e s s i m i s t i c . ” T ilf o r d C. 
Games, head economist at the M anu­ facturers H anover T ru st T rust Com­ pany said. 
‘ . - 
The ( a rte r a d m in s tra tio n is likely to try stim ulating the economy, but for th e b an k s, as a result, of.'the slowdown, the im m ediate prospect is continued w eakness in d em an d for now business loans, usually a m ajor source of profits. 
OTC feels the force of the fund traders 

By RICHARD PHALON 
N EW VORK TIMES SERVICE 

NEW YORK — Institutional 
Investors have long been pil­ loried for what so m etim es seem s to be almost a herd instinct — some sort of subli­ minal signal that often leads them to jump in or out of the same stocks at the same time. 

It is hard to find a m ajor portfolio that does not have its representative portion of K astm an Kodak, or A m er­ ican T elephone and T e le g ra p h , for exam ple. 

A year and a half or so ago, m any m utual funds got bearish on the hal­ lowed grow th pro sp ects of In te rn a ­ tio n a l B u s in e s s M a c h in e o n ly to change their m inds again this year. 

Much the sam e pattern of concen­ tration is beginning to ap p ear iii the over-the-counter m a rk e t, w h ere its potential im p act on stock p rices is likely to be far m ore m arked 

The impact is likely to be sh a rp er because m arkets in over-the-counter stocks tend to ^ - " t h i n n e r ” than on the New York or the A m erican Stock 
E xchanges. Issues tend to be m o re closely held, and the sh ares in m uch tig h ter supply. It is a co m bin ation that m akes for high price volatility. 
The institutional investors buy and sell as cautiously as they can. but a c c o r d i n g to a r e c e n t s u r v e y by 
C om puter D irections A dvisers Inc., th e r e a r e at l e a s t sev en o v er-th e- counter issues in which m utual funds own 2o per cent or m ore of the out­ standing stock. 
3o per cent 
For ex a m p le, the su rv ey show ed that 18 funds owned 3o per cent of the o u tstan d in g stock of r a y l e s s C ash- w ay s, an E n g le w o o d . C o lo :-b a s e d concern that operates a chain of m o re th an 4o b u ild in g material* s u p e r ­ m arkets in the West and Southwest 
F ew er than a dozen funds ow n 28 8 p e r c e n t of 
O g ilv y 
& 
M a t h e r 
International, the nation s sixth la r­ gest advertising agency, and 17 funds own a sh ad e u n d e r 2o p e r cen t of 
T y m sh u re Inc., a C up ertin o, Calif 
Tax law changes capital gains fo r inherited stocks 

B v J ACK EGAN 
W A SH IN G T O N ROST SERVICE 

NEW YORK — One of the effects of the 1978 Tax Reform Aet was that all the nation’s exchanges stayed open a full trailing session on the day before- 
New Y e ar’s. 
T heir reason for staying open that day was to establish a price bench­ m a r k for all sto c k s and b o n d s a1 y e a r's end for individuals to calculate how m uch income they will pay this y ear on secu rities they inherit that were purchased before this date. 
In addition, other provisions of the c o m p le x tax bill a d d e d to th e d e ­ cisions investors had to m ak e in the w aning weeks of 1978. 
T h e m in im u m h old in g p erio d to qualify for lo ng -term cap ital gain s changed .from six m onths to nine m o n th s on J a n . J. ( I t g o es to 12 m o u lts at Hie beginning of 1978.) 

And in v e s to rs h o ld in g sto ck for m ore than six m onths but less than nine m onths had to decide w hether to sell to ta k e a d v a n ta g e of th e tax code’s 5(1 per cent exem ption on in­ com e derived from these long-term gains iii 1978 or w hether to wait until this year to qualify u nder the longer lim e r e q u i r e m e n t w h en p r i c e s of th e ir h o ld in g s n.uy u n p r e d ic ta b ly move up or down. 

As «if the first of the year. there is also no longer . a $3o,IKM) exclusion for special tax preference item s, like c a ­ pital g am s incom e that are su b tra c t­ ed from the am ount of earned income qualifying for the lower m a x im u m federal tax rate of 5o per cent. 
The m ax im u m tax on inv estm ent and other unearned incom e, by con­ trast, is 7o per cent. 
So m any high incom e individuals, 

S ee GA IN S, P a g e IG , 

 data processing concern: 
By com pariso n, sonic 288 m utual funds hold about 5 p e rc e n t of IBM, 
3.7 per cent of AT&T, and 2.3 p er cent of General Motors 
All th r e e of th e d e e p -d y e d b lu e 
Chips have m any m o re s h a r e s o u t­ standing than even the biggest over- the-counter com panies, but even their price m ovem ents have been ac­ celerated in one direction or another by institutional buying or selling. 
The' price run-ups in the funds’ ov er-the-counter favorites has been ex cep tio n a lly b risk , r a y l e s s f i s h ­ ways. for exam ple, has clim bed from a low of 21 1/2 to 3(1 1/4. T y m sh are rust* from a low of 14 1/4 to a high of 
27 7/8 and is currently trad in g at a r ­ ound 19 Ogilvy St M ather has moved from a low of 17 to a current price of around 32. 

P r o f e s s io n a l m a n a g e r s s u c h as 
R obert S. Driscoll, a partner in l^»rd, 
Abbott & Co., suggest that grow ing pu blic in terest in the p ro s p e c ts of developing com panies is one of the m ajor reasons tor the sort of price run-ups they have shown 
“ I think people a re begin ning to le d a little b e lte r about e q u itie s ,” 
Driscoll said 
A lot of thai better feeling, on the o th e r h an d , a p p e a r s to h ave been generated by the buying power of the funds. Many individual investors, in fact, m onitor fund portfolio reports closely and key their own investm ent s tra te g ie s to what th e fu n d s a re doing. 
Two factors 
Is th a t a v ia b le a p p r o a c h w ith counter stocks? Some Wall Streeters think it is no m ore risky than any other m echanistic approach as long as two things are happening. 
"T he m ark et has to Im* going up,” one adviser said, “ and the company s basic earn in g pattern has to lie up, t«m». lf e it h e r of th o se tw o th in g s c h a n g e ,” the ad v ise r ad ds, “ watch out 
The w arning is rooted in a profes­ sional ap p reciatio n ot how volatile over til*' counter stocks can lo* in d e ­ face of even only modest trad in g vo­ lume. 
Most fu n d s th a t concentrate on counter stocks say they will not sell if a com p any ru n s into “ te m p o r a r y " earnings or m arketing problem s. In th e p a st, th o u g h , su c h d iffic u ltie s have often touched oft a stam p ede for the exits. 
" I t s a little like cryin g fire in a th e a t e r ,” still a n o th e r in v e s tm e n t adviser said. "T h e big trick is to get out the door first.” 

But profits are being squeezed by falling interest rates and low com­ mercial credit demand. Also, Congress is gearing up this year to change the tuition's banking laws. 

B a n k s ’ e a r n i n g s hav e a lso been squeezed by th e decline in in terest rates. Although m any banks cut the ra te they can c h a r g e t h e i r p rim e c u s t o m e r s fro m 8.75 p e r c e n t in 
October to 8 per cent today, bankers com plain that the fall cuts into their profit, reducing the sp rea d between their return on loans and the cost of borrowed money 
The w eak d o m estic loan d em a n d has encouraged the bigger banks to look forward for business, bringing a stag gerin g increase in foreign lend­ ing over the last few years, p articu­ larly to co u n tries in balance-of-pay- m ent difficulties 
Total international lending ros e to 
78 billion last year, a $17 billion in­ 

 crease from 1975, Morgan G uaranty reports. This has helped recycle pe­ trodollars but some experts say that private b ank s cannot prudently con­ ti n u e le n d in g at p ast r a t e s to countries with weak economies 
Adjustments 

William F Simon, Secretary of the 
T re a su ry , calls for tin' d e b t-ridden fd n n trie s “ to begin the process of a d ju s tm e n t” arid start g ettin g their a c c o u n ts b a c k into b a la n c e 
O ne banker thinks som e new internation­ al credit m echanism may be needed to help the w eaker countries as p ri­ vate banks become “ m ore selective.” 
H owever, s i g n s of stra in a re di s- 
Conventions set record in 1976 

San A n ton io’s con vention b u s i ­ ness reached a new high for the last year. 
Through N ovem ber, the n u m b er of m eetings totaled 441. com pared with 415 for all of 1975, according to 
Henry N ussbaum , director of the 
San A ntonio City C onvention and 
Visitors Bureau 
The total figure for 1978 is expected to reach 459 when the D ecem ber fi­ g ures are tallied, he says 
D u rin g th ose first ii m o n th s of 
1978. he says, 18o,8o4 delegates visit­ ed the city, bringing with them a 
$27 2 m illion boost for the local economy. 
Delegates during 1976 

E stim ate for the whole year is set a1 184.ooo d elegates^ with a d o lla r- value of $28 million. 
T h e 
1975 d e l e g a t e c o u n t w as 
195.o19 an eight per cent in crease over 1974. with proceeds at $29 3 m il­ lion. up 8.1 i>er cent over 1974 

T he 1978 count is a six p e r cent drop down from the 1975 figure, with the dollar value also down four per cent. 
N ussbaum feels the dip was caused by m any people deciding to rem ain at h o m e d u r i n g th e B ic e n te n n ia l year, rallier than traveling elsewhere for vacation 
Came out better 

However, he says the city didn t fare too badly. 

“ O ther cities’ projections fell short of th e ir m a r k s as w e ll,” he says. 
“ C o m p a ra tiv e ly sp e a k in g , we did com e out better than most ” 

Ut the 441 conventions held here, 
123 w ere in te rn a tio n a l/n a tio n a l in scope. 47 regional. 188 state and 48 district 

Im 1975, 128 m eetings w e n 1 in te rn a ­ tional/national, with 73 regional, 188 stut<- and 48 district 

 e e n u b l e 
In N o v e m b e r Z a ire r e s ­ cheduled $8(1o million in foreign bank loans And, as they had with Chile and A rgentina, foreign b ank s c red i­ tors insisted Zaire put its economic policy under the eye* of the in Inter­ national M onetary Fund 

If th e tug h a n k s do not b e c o m e more selective in their foreign lend­ ing m any o b s e r v e r s b e lie v e th e y could face a new crisis Elf confidence. 
One senior IMF official pointed out th at last y e a r ’s s h a r p fall of th e 
Mexican peso g reatly in creased the cost of s e n icing Mexico’s lug foreign debts 

Devaluation ti that happened in a few m o re 
Indebted countries, the ban k ing s y s ­ tem could be in trouble,” he w arned. 

C ongress poses an o th e r w orry. It must decid e w h e th e r to ren ew th e 
F e d e r a l R e s e r v e ’s R e g u la tio n (). which expires in M arch T his fixes ceilings on the interest ra te s finan ­ cial institutions m ay pay depositors, allowing thrift units, which p rim arily 
_ finance house building, to pay m ore 
* than com m ercial bunks. 
P roblem s also plague the elect ron- ic-fund-transfer sy ste m s th at m an y banks hope will increase their effi­ ciency and profits. T he courts have alread y dealt a se v e re blow to the 
“ black boxes,” as the electronic de- v ices are som etim es called, bv ruling that each installation is a branch of­ fice That ruling, says Jo h n ?v Reed, executive vice president of Citicorp. which is com m itted to the devices, 
“dearly will m ak e it im p ossib le to expand a c r o s s s ta te lines by u sin g these deA lees.” 

Political 

T h eo retically , elec tro n ic in s ta lla ­ tions should allow banks to close in­ efficient b ra n c h e s , but b e c a u se til p o litic a l p r e s s u r e a n d t h e i r 
“ im ag es” som e New Y ork b an ks are not c lo s in g th e p e o p le - m a n n e d b ran d ies But opinion is divided. 
“ I still have very serious reserv a­ tions about tin- ability of the nation s banks to run a profitable retail busi­ n ess o v e r th e next few y e a r s . 
F u rth er, i i i my judgm ent, m ost of the retail ( e le c tr o n ic ) a p p lic a tio n s to date have not enhanced profitability 

— i i i som e in stan ces, iii fact, e le c­ tronic funds transfer has proven to be co unterproductive," says B arry Sul­ livan. an executive vice president of 
(’base M anhattan Batik 
The instant certificate 

Bexar County Savings’ 
Instant Certificate isn t the only certificate that pays 6V4%. And, it isn’t the only one available for a $1ooo deposit. However, it is the only certificate that pays interest this 

 h i g h O Q a_day-]n and day-out basis. 
This means you can add or withdraw whenever you wish and still earn 6 1/4% . 
The ideal certificate is ... the Instant 
Certificate. Available only at Bexar 
County Savings. 

 is the ideal certificate 

- £ W H M 1 rw I 
H A l r .‘X 

• f u n A N N U M 
6.25% 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
DEPOSIT 
LENGTH OF 
DEPOSIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
► ROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45% 
Bexar County 
Savings 

13oo McCreless Shopping City, San Antonio. Texas 78223 
(512) 532-3136 

* Chartered supervised and examined regularly by the 
Savings and koan Department ot the State of Texas* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 1977 
Dem and rises for short work week 

By HOBART ROWEN 
WASHINGTON 
- 
There are many strik­ ing parallels between the problems faced by the Carter administra­ tion, and those that 
John F. Kennedy had to cope with in 1961 — a slu ggish econom y 
(true recession then), high unem ploym ent, the suggested need for government interven­ tion in wage and price affairs, and the suspi­ cions of the business community. 
But perhaps no similarity has more bread-and-butter significance than the call for a shorter work-week to spread available jobs among more workers. 
This demand by union leaders and some acade­ mics, as the late Walter 
Keuther once said, is “ a defense mechanism.” 
When frustrated by per- 

HieVlhek 

E H. CANNON 
DRILLING COMPANY 

J A N U A R Y 11 - 1o:oo A M. 

Location: E. H. Cannon 
Drilling Co. Yard 
Pearsall. Texas 
T X G S 77 o111 

R IG NO. 1 (Trailer Mounted): 
B E T H L E H E M SBO: IHC Die sci; 55' Double Pole; EM SCO 
C l 2; BR EW ST ER 5oT Shorty; 
288o' - 4 ’/*"; 8 " x 3o'; 4 6 " x 
3o'; Related Equipment. R IG 
NO. 2 (Truck Mounted): JOY 
275; 
G M C 
8-71; on 
IHC 
RF 192 Tandem Truck w/55' 
Mast; 
EM SCO 
T I 2, 
GD 
F D F X X F ; BR EW ST ER 
12", 
12oo' - 3"; 3 • 6 " x 3o’; 
Related Equipment. R IG NO 
3 (Truck Mounted): Shopbullt 
SD, on IHC Tandem Truck wv/5o‘ 
Mast, 
EM SCO 
C l 2; 
H A C K E R 12" Rotary; 81o' * 
2-3/8", 4 " x 2o'. 6 " x 3o'; 
Related 
Equipment. 
A D D I­ 
T IO N A L EQ U IPM EN T : Shop- built SD Drawworks w /GMC 
6-71, 1 6 V Rotary; JOY SD; 
BR EW ST E R 
18” 
Rotary; 
19oo' - 4 ’/,"; 225o’ • 3’/,"; 
C A M E R O N BOP; Weight Indi­ cator; Elevators, Pipe Racks; 
Welders, 
Air 
Compressors; 
Pumps; G M C & 
C U M M IN S 
Engines, 1956 F O R D T7oo 
1956 GMC; 1968 C H E V R O ­ 
LET 5o; 1969 C H E V R O L E T 
Pickup; 
1967 C H E V R O L E T 
Pickup; 5 - Floats & Lowboys; 
H O U GH 
HF 
Loader; U N IT 
51 A Dragline 

Writ#,'Coll ♦©* D esrnpl.ve R-of Kure mitsan innRnimanRb 
COCO NORTH CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY 
DALLAS TEXAS 7Wo6 • 714/692 o897 

 sisterly high jobless rates, 
Reuther observed, the un­ ions must fight “ negative­ ly” for shorter hours. In the 
Kennedy era. Labor Secre­ tary Arthur Goldberg — himself out of the labor movement — supplied the right answer: 
“ An artifically short- week,” Goldberg said at that time, “ is sharing un­ em ploym ent, not jo b s.’’ 
Fifteen years later, Gold­ berg tells this reporter, he hasn’t changed his mind. 
More demand 
To he sure, the demand for reduced w ork-tim e seem s more urgent now because of a horrendous 8 per cent rate of unemploy­ ment and the apparently intractable nature of it. 
R espectable econom ists have calculated that even with a $15 billion stimula­ tive program, the jobless rate could still be a high as 
7 per cent at the end of De­ cember,* 1877 
Therefore. reduced working hours, as a b ar­ gaining chip, is gaining greater attention in labor disputes. The UAW recent­ ly won 12 extra paid days off—a step toward its announced goal of a four- day week — in the strike against the Ford Motor Co. 
Often, the UAW has been a pacesetter for other unions. 

In a new study, George 
W ashington 
University economists Sar A. Levitan and Richard S. Belous say there will not be enough 
4o-hour-a-week jobs for some time ahead to absorb the expanding labor force. 
“ The persistent high level of unemployment has ine­ vitably generated p re s­ sures to reduce hours of work in order to increase the total num ber of jobs available,” they say. 
Leisure trend 
Moreover, they argue, the campaign for shorter- hours as an anti-recession tool won’t disappear with better times, because there are longer-term trends that suggest a tilt toward more leisure, as opposed to more income. 
But the long-term trend shouldn’t be confused with the immediate problem of a sick economy that is re ­ flected in high unemploy­ ment . Beyond some level of m aterial well-being, as 
Commerce Secretary-de­ signate Juanita Kreps has written, “ the growth of free time becomes as important as the growth of Income.” 
The work-week has been steadily reduced since the beginning of the century, although Levitan and Be­ lous argue that the pace of the reduction has slowed 

 down lately. 
The im portant point is that the reduction over the long haul — w hether in term s of actual reduced hours of work, longer vaca­ tions, or lengthened retire­ ment has been a dividend that evolved slowly out of greater productivity. 
An arbitrary d ram atic cut in the work week a as a supposed solution to unem­ ployment is quite a differ­ ent thing. Union leaders who talk of a cut from 4o to 
35 hours also want to main­ tain take-home pay. That s a 14 per cent boost in hourly rates. 
Not only would that be inflationary, but it would trigger an acceleration of the existing trend toward) technological displacement of industrial workers. 
Realistically, what can be done? One partial solution that seems to have worked in some 
European countries—and _to which 
Jim m y C arter has pro­ mised more attention — is a conscious effort by in dustry to provide more part-time jobs, not neces sarily within the “ sta n ­ d a rd ’’ 9 a m. to 5 p.m. work-day. 
Presumably, this would benefit unemployed teen-agers, m others of small children, and others who could take part-time work if the hours were made more flexible. 
But beyond that, work­ sharing is a delusion. The economy needs job-crea- tion, not job-sharing. That means economic stimulus, which ultimately will not only yield more jobs, but more leisure as well, if that’s the desired option. It would be defeatist to settle for a smaller pie._________ 

 ll Ifll-® 

Bexar County Beer Wholesalers 
N EW OFFICERS include, left to right, Charles G. representing Lone Star, secretary treasurer. G ay 
Stidham, Jr., Coors Southwest Distributing Co., Meyers (not pictured) Miller and Jax Beers is the vice president; William Crain, Budweiser, presi- outgoing president. dent and Jerry Barton, Apache Distributing Co., 
_________________________________ _ 
Purchasing agents see uptick for new orders 

N EW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK — Business prospects for the new year look brighter than they did two months ago, and econ­ omic signs indicate a significant ra te of im ­ provement that will be felt toward midyear, E.F. An­ drews, a leading spokes­ man for the nation’s pur­ chasing agents said recent­ ly 
, 
. 
Andrews, who is chair­ man of the business survey committee of the National 
Association of Purchasing 
Management, said that his latest findings, gleaned in a survey of 25o members of the association, show that 

 despite a lackluster finish to 1976 “there are scattered signs that fresher breezes are about to blow, if indeed they haven’t already started.” 
One straw in the wind, according to Andrews, is the indication that, alth­ ough production has leveled off. new orders are actually on the rise. 
An uptick in the rate of increase, he said, is bol­ stered by improved figures on inventories, employment and forward orders. 
What 
P resident-elect 
Jimmy Carter will do in the coming months will have an im portant bearing on 

 the economy, said. 
Andrews 

January is the month for livestock shows 
This is the time of year for the junior li­ vestock show s and three big shows are scheduled for the next three weekends. 
The series will open 
Saturday with the East 
Central High School Future 
Farmers of America show at the school show barn. 
Judging will start at 8:3o a.rn, with breeding swine. 
Judging of market steers at 
3:3o p m will be the final livestock judging event. 
The showmanship contest will open at 4:3o p m. . 
About 15o harrows, 48 

By 
B tu 
CUNNINGHAM 

 steers and 3o sheep have been entered in the show this year. Other divisions will market poultry, breed­ ing sheep, dairy cattle and breeding beef cattie. 

The East Central FFA 
Booster Club is one of the most active in the county and this year will sponsor an auction of donated items at 11:3o a m. Saturday at the show grounds and will serve barbecued beef meals at the noon lunch break. 
Prize money raised by the FFA chapter and boos­ ter club will be awarded for placings in the show. 
County show 
The expanding Bexar 
County Junior Livestock 
Show will have its opening ceremonies at Joe Freeman 
Coliseum at 8:3o a m. Jan. 
2o. 

Marketplace! 

New Directors, 
New Direction. 

Alamo Heights National Bank is pleased to announce the appointment of four new members of the Board of Directors. 

It is our privilege to welcome as new members: 
Thomas Drought 
Hall S. Hammond 
Martin R. Harris 
H.C. "Pat” Patteson 

These four successful individuals have long been prominent community leaders and we look forward to the infusion of their spirit and ideas. 

These new directors reflect a new direction at 
Alamo Heights National born of our recent affiliation with First International Bancshares, Inc. 

As a First International member we can now tap the strength and diversity of 23 member banks in major growth centers throughout the state, whose combined assets total over 6.7 billion dollars. 

New directors and a new direction. To make certain our new Heights will be greater heights in the years ahead. 
OD 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
NATIONAL BAIK 
52o1 Broadway, San Antonio, Texas 782Q9 
512/824-9411 
Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 

HERD LIQUIDATION 
75 Young Charolais Cross lows. Also 18 Mixed Cross 
Cows and Some Calves. 
1-378-5534 

GMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short & 
Long Wheel Base Vanduras 
& Suburbans 
TINDALL & SON 
Pontiac. GMC 

Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
Sales every Thursday at l l a.m. 
Frank llelvey-Buddv Groff 
623-52oo 

A few years ago the show was a two-day affair, but the big increase in interest has converted it into a four-day show. 

The final event will be the horse show, starting at 8:3o a.m. Jan. 23. 
Judging in the big show will begin at 9 a m. Jan. 2o and will continue through 
Jan. 22. 

One of the feature events will be the auction of prize winning animals, starting at 2 p.m. Jjyi. 22. 

This year’s show is dedi­ cated to the late Walon 
Houck, who did a fine job as auctioneer last year. He died of a heart attack a few days after the show. 

The show this year has attracted more than 1,45o animals. Both 4-H and FFA members living in Bexar 
County were eligible to enter. 

A calf clinic to give exhi­ bitors pointers on showing their entries will he held at the Somerset FFA arena this Saturday. 

Marshall show 
The third big show of 
January in Bexar County will be the John Marshall 
High School FFA and 4-H 
Show at the school show 

 grounds on Babcock Road 
Jan. 28 and 29. 
This show also has been growing by leaps and bounds. 
Judging will be held both days, and the annual sale of prize winning stock will be held Jan. 29. 

The show grounds are in one of the most scenic spots in the county at the base of a large hill, with a creek at the other edge 

Much of the work on the exhibit buildings was done by students under the dir­ ection of the vocational agriculture teachers. 

Brahmental sale 

The first annual Ameri­ can Brahmental Associa­ tion sale will be held at the 
Lone Star Livestock Com­ mission Co. April 3o. 

Dr. J. O. Brumlow of 
Floresville is president of the association, which was chartered May 22, 1975. 

The association head­ qu a rte rs are located in 
Floresville. 

About 9o head of Brah- mentals will be included in the sale, including a pur­ ebred of three-eighths 
Brahman and five-eighths 
Simmental blood. 

Key factor 

“ The key factor in the rate of upturn.” he said, 
“ lies in new capital expen­ ditures for increasing the nation’s industrial base, which in turn will d eter­ mine how many really new jobs are created. 
“ If there is to be a tax cut, say in the range of $15 billion to $2o billion, where will it be d ire c te d ? ” he asked rhetorically. “One of the most plausible moves would be an increase in business tax credit which would encourage new capi­ tal investment. 
The investment tax credit now stands at about IO per cent, and we might take a look at Japan ’s, which is around 17 per cent.” 
The country’s rate of growth as measured by real gross national product was about 9 per cent in the first q u a rte r of 1976 but fell. 
Andrews estim ated, to 3 per cent in the final quarter of the year. 
“ We have never had an 

 improvement in growth,” he added, “ without a sub­ stantial rise in capital ex­ penditures.” 
In October about one- iquarter of the purchasing executive association m em bers surveyed were cutting their raw material inventories, and by No­ vember one-third were re­ ducing stocks. 
Conservative policy 
In Decem ber those r e ­ ducing inventories fell again to the 25 per cent fi­ gure. Andrews concluded that the conservative in­ ventory policy should bode well for business improve­ ment in 1977. 
Prices closed out 1976 on a firm er note, Andrews said. But the tendency now is toward higher prices, with 55 per cent reporting material costs higher than in November. 
“ Many of those disclos­ ing higher billings point to steel.” the survey found, 
“ although some indicate doubt that the increase will stick because of weak de­ m and.”________ 
Corco names new officer 

William H. Johnson has been named vice president, marine transportation, by 
Commonwealth Oil Refin­ ing Company, Inc. (Corco), 
Gary W. Davis, president and chief executive officer, announced. 
Johnson will be responsi­ ble for the ch artering , scheduling and operation of all Corco vessels. 
He served with Texas Ci­ ty Refining, Inc., for 2o years where he was vice president of Texas City 
T ankers Corp., a su b si­ diary, and m anager of marine transportation. 
WILLIAM H. JOHNSON 
Watts becom es sales manager 

D. John Watts, Jr. has been appointed regional sales m anager for F rie ­ drich Air Conditioning and 
Refrigeration Co.. Robert 
W. 
Curtis, president, announced. 
Watts is responsible 

TEXAS STATE BANK 
WELCOMES NEW 
ASSISTANT 
VICE-PRESIDENT. 
AUSTIN FREDERICK 

Native Texan and 25 year 
Army veteran, has joined Texas State 
Bank as Assistant Vice President for 
Commercial Loans. Colonel Frederick completed impressive Army career with retirement on December 31, 1976, at Prairie View A & M University as Professor of Military Science. Other assignments included Chief, United 
States Army Advisory Group to the Bolivian Army; Assistant, Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel in Viet Nam; and Special Forces missions in South 
East Asia. Education background; B S Degree/ Agriculture,Prairie View A & M 
University, Army Command and General Staff College, Army War College and Masters Degree from Ohio State University in Business Organization. 

 for room air conditioner sales and sales programs in the San Antonio and Austin areas. 
He replaces 
E rnest 
McKay who has been transferred to New- Jersey. 
Walts was with Graybar 
Electric in the San Antonio and El Paso territories for five years. He then joined 
Proctor Silex Inc. in Hous­ ton where he was regional manager for 15 years. 
A native of Texarkana, 
W atts attended Trinity 
University and Elmhurst 
College in Elmhurst, 111. He is a member of various ci­ vic and professional groups, including the Ma­ sonic Shrine. 
Beech official to talk 
Marvin Small, general aviation affairs officer for the Beech Aircraft Corp., will address the Alamo 
Kiwanis Club Thursday. 
Meeting time is set for noon at the Civic Club 
Center, Main Plaza Build­ ing 
The program will include a 25-minute talk and slide presentation explaining the scope of the general avia­ tion service. 
Small attended Vander­ bilt University and was a 
P-47 pilot in World War ll 
He holds a bachelors degree in business admin istration from the Univer­ sity of Kansas and joined 
Beech Aircraft in 1952 
He has been involved with that company’s sales programs. 

In Business 
People 

GEFFER S 
EDWARDS 
JORDAN 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 I 977 

Stanley T. Scott, a vice president of Straus F r a n c o , and g e ne ra l m a n a g e r of that c o m p a n y ’s Maj or Ap­ pliance and Home Products division, has been selected to the I DTH edition of W ho’s Who in the South and 
Southwest. 
Don L. Josephson. district agent for the Lutheran 
Mutual Life Insurance C o., has surnassed the $2 million m ark in life insurance sales this year. 
Clarence A. Cierfers has been elected to the board of directors of Armstrong Plu m bin g Supply Co., Inc., and will serve as vice president of sales. 
John T. Edwards, 31-year veteran of the finance and l e a s i n g i n d u s t r y a n d c o n s u m e r e d u c a t i o n a n d counseling advocate, has joined the staff of Tow ne and 
Country Auto & Truck Leasing. 
Don Jordan, pa rtner of Oat to & Cat to, lias been elected president of the Independent Insurance Agents of San Antonio for 1977. 
The University of Texas af San Antonio’s personnel count reached 1,oo9 when Marx Jo Littrell was hired as a clcrk-typist in tin* Division of Accounting anil Data 
Systems. 
Reuben E. Gold, credit m a n a g e r of the Roegelein 
Co., has been named Credit Executive of the Year by the National Association of Credit M a n a g e m e n t of 
Texas. Inc 
John Millier has been promoted to superintendent in the field controllers de pa rtm e nt at Aetna Life & Ca­ sualty’s San Antonio office. 
Neil Middleton has joined Superior Pontiac as used car manager. 
John Romanek has been named m a n a g e r of infor­ mation systems and special pro gram of the Center for Studies in Business, E conomics and H u m a n Re­ so u r c e s at the Univ ers ity of T exa s at San Antonio 
School of Business. 
John W. Arndt, local fi nancier, has been elected chairm an of the board ol the Mission Bank of Mesa, 
Ari/. 

He makes money on state lotteries 

By TOM STEVENSON 
N E W y o r k t i m e s SERVICE 
NEW YORK - New 
York officials swear there is no way to un­ lock the secret of to the state's upcom ing in­ can t lottery and walk away with the 
$l,ooo-a-week grand prize or the rest of the 
$6o million in booty. 
But when New York’s se­ cond an d. with p ro j e c te d sa le s of $15o million the nation’s biggest instant lot­ tery gets u n d e r way later this month, one sure winner will be John R. Koza. 
For the new lottery is one of HH existing or prospective state lotteries that Koza. a 
33-year-old e n t r e p r e n u e u r f r o m A t l a n t a who h a s a 
P h . D . in c o m p u t e r sciences, has helped design since he set up the nation’s first instant lottery for 
Massachusetts in 1971. 
In return for his consult­ ing and p ri nti ng services, 
Koza gets nearly 2 cents a t i c k e t . Iii 19711 his th ree- y e a r - o ld p r i v a t e l y h eld 
Scientific G a m e s Develop­ ment Corp. grossed around 
$19 million 
Mainly because of Koza's innovation, lottery officials who in 1973-74 w e r e a n x ­ iously watching per capita sa le s d rift down fro m 23 cents to IS cen ts a rc now h a p p i l y p o i n t i n g to 97(1 sales of $1.5 billion — more than twice 1974 sales of $668 million. 
Sixty per cent of the 197B r e v e n u e s c a m e fr o m th e s o - c a lle d " i n s t a n t ” l o t ­ teries — those that pay off im m e d ia te ly . Koza’s c o m ­ puter expertise got him into the lottery’ business. 
W h il e he w a s a 
25-year-old g r a d u a t e s t u ­ dent at th e U n iv e rs ity of 
Michigan, he landed a con­ su lti n g job with Chicago- based J. ll. International, a now defunct firm that m e r ­ c h a n d i s e d th e th e n r a m - 
Alamo Heights picks directors 

Four new directors have been elected to the hoard of 
A l a m o H e i g h t s N a t i o n a l 
Bank, which m e r g e d this m onth into F ir s t I n t e r n a ­ tional Baneshares, Inc. 
The a n n o u n c e m e n t w as m a de jointly by Paul I). 
A s e h b a e h e r . b a n k p r e s i ­ d e n t . a n d 
R o b e r t 
IL 
S tew a rt III, boa rd c h a i r ­ m a n of t h e D a l l a s - b a s e d bank bolding company. 
E l e c t e d w e r e T h o m a s 

D r o u g h t . Hall S. H a m ­ m o n d . M a r tin IC H a r r i s , and ILC. (Pat ) Patteson. 

Drought is a p a r t n e r in the law f i r m of B r i t e . 
D r o u g h t . 
B o b b it t a n d 
Halter, aud is a trustee of 
Our Lady of the Lake Uni­ versity. Ile is a trustee and past pres ide nt of th e San 
A ntonio M u s e u m A s s n . , a n d h a s s e r v e d a s Vici* c h a i r m a n of th e San A n ­ tonio River Authority. Ile 

H.C. (PAT) P ATTISO N 
M ARTIN R. HARRIS 

 holds a law degree from St. 
M ary's University. 
H am mond is president of 
The H a m m o n d Co., a d is­ tributing firm. A past p re­ s i d e n t of th e St. L u k e ’s 
Episcopal School Board, he h a s a ls o s e r v e d on th e board of Texas Military In­ stitu te. He h ea d s the San 
Antonio P a rk s Council and serves on various civic and s e r v i c e o r g a n i z a t i o n s . 
H am mond is a gradu ate of the University of Texas at 
Austin. 
Harris is an investment m a n a g e r a n d r e t i r e d p a r t n e r in S e i d m a n a n d 
S e id m a n . cert ifie d public accountants, lh' serves oil the f a r m an d r a n c h c o m ­ mittee of tin* San Antonio 
C h a m b e r of C o m m e r c e , and is p r e s i d e n t a n d a tr u ste e of th e Minnie Ste­ v e n s P i p e r F o u n d a t i o n 
Harris is also a graduate of 
The University of Texas at 
Austin. 
P a t t e s o n is o w n e r of 
B a t t s D r u g S to r e a n d 
Howard P h a rm ac y , and is a past president of the Bexar 
County Pharm aceutical 
Assn. He has served on the board of the National Asso­ ciation of Retail Druggists, and was mayor pro tein of 
Alamo Heights in 1947-51. A g r a d u a t e of tin* D a n fo rth 
Solido! of 
P h arm ac y , he s e r v e s as d i r e c t o r of the 
A la m o H e i g h t s B u s i n e s s a n d Pro fessio n a l A sso cia ­ tion 
Alamo Heights National 
Bank r e p o r te d total d e p o ­ sits of $31.2 million and as­ sets of $33.8 million as of 
Sept. 3o 
Alamo National Bank sets staff prom otions 

In designing the "in­ stant" lotteries, Koza's pri­ vate consulting company has grossed $1o million in 
1976. 

 pant su p e r m a rk e t and gas station games. 
Koza's responsibility was to develop the computer al­ g o r i th m s that d e te r m i n e d the winning tickets for such g a m e s as National S u p e r ­ m a r k e t s ’ Lucky Spots and 
Shell Oil Co.’s B ingo for 
Cash 
Saw market 
Koza b e c a m e i n t r i g u e d w ith the contrast bow tw een the sp e ctacu la r popularity of th e fl a s h y , f a s t - p a c e d commercial g a m e s and the tepid interest in the st ate lotteries. 
“ I realized that the stale lotteries did n’t really have a c l e a r c o n c e p t of m a s s m e r c h a n d i s i n g , ” says Ko- za. Koza went to work try­ ing to sell lottery directors on his idea of how a lottery should be run.. Mainly, he urged the states to pay off winners immediately. 
Until then, the states had 

 used a system developed in 
1971 by Mat b e m a t i r a . a 
Princeton. N J., consulting firm, where w in ners were d e t e r m i n e d by w e e k ly drawings. 
Iii c o n t r a s t . th e s u p e r ­ m a r k e t a n d g a s s t a t i o n g a m e p r o m o t e r s a w a rd ed instant prizes, an approach that 
Koza was certain c o u ld be a d o p t e d to t h e state lotteries. 
“ What tin* industry need­ l'd above all was faster ac ­ tion.” he says. 
M a s s a c h u s e t t s w a s th e first state to agree. In 1974 its In s ta n t G a m e , a s the first v e rs io n w as r a i l e d , g r o s s e d 17 m i l l i o n in 19 w e e k s , n e a r l y tw ic e th e sales of the weekly lotterv 
Today all 13 st ate s with legal lotteries have run at least one instant game 
Coaled panels 
All use the sa m e concept 
On each $1 ticket there are a half-dozen or so panels covered with coating. When the c o ati n g is ru b b e d off with a coin or other imple­ m e n t . n u m b e r s ( o r . in some lotteries, letters) a p ­ pear. 

In some g a m e s , getting n u m b e r s that total seven, 
11 or 21 is the objective. Iii the first New York g a m e , uncovering three identical n u m b e r s r e s u l t e d in a prize. 
The basic idea, however, is alw ays th e sa m e : once the c o a t i n g h a s been r e ­ m o v e d , th e p u r c h a s e r k n o w s i m m e d i a t e l y w h e t h e r th e tic k e t is a winner or a loser Such a s i m p l e c o n c e p t c a ll s for i m a g i n a l ive m a r k e t i n g , p a r t i c u l a r l y c o n s i d e r i n g the odds against winning. 
While the percentage re ­ turned to bettors averages 
94.7 per cent in roulette. 
94 I per cent iii blackjack, 
83 4 lier cent to 98 ti per cent in dice, 75 to 97 per cent i i i slot machines. 82 per tent in horse racing and 77 per cent in off track betting, the prize mone y in state lot teries ranges from about 59 per cent (in Delaware and 
New Ham pshire) to 4o per cent (in New York). Only illegal n u m b e r games, bin­ go a n d tile 
I r ish 
Sweepstakes (which pays hack 37.5 per cent) have eomparativelv low rates of return 
Fortunately for Hie future of Scientific G a m e s, Koza has the soul of a P r o c t e r a u d 
Gambit* b r a n d m a n a g e r Since sales tend to drop ra ther sharply after the first two or three weeks of a g a m e , lutist instant lotteries run no more than 
12 to Hi weeks 

I Marketplace! 

The Local Ledger 

Nilled Insurance Agencies. Inc. has changed its name, and will he known as Texas Insurance Vgency. 
Inc. 
San Antonio C ollege ( ontinuing Education is of­ fering beginning typing, shorthand, bookkeeping aud secretarial skills courses at Randolph AFB starting 
Jan. IO. C iv ii Serv ice Proficiency lests will be giv en with the classes For more information, call 734-7311. ext. 212. 658-8181. or 659-1423 

I TSN ( ontinuing Education will offer “ personal 
Income Tax P re p a ra tio n ,” which prov ides an explan at ion of tax laws, procedures for preparing form 1949 and aecompaning schedules 
The class will meet 
Monday and Thursday from 7-9 p rn for four weeks at ltamadu Inn, 333 N W 
I HO 
“ The Tax Reform Aet of “ 1976 sem in ar w ill be given 
Thursday. Jan 13 from ti 39 to 9 iii p i i i . at lh*' I i i i versify of Texas School of Nursing at San Antonio. For more information, call 227-91 IV 

Northsidr State Bank of San Antonio has declared a 
19 cent dividend, payable Dec. 31,1976 to shareholders of record Dividends have been continuous since 1935, according to the bank 
Lucy’s Cake Shop bas introd uc ed a 
Telecake service, a national network by which bakery pro­ ducts can be sent to different cities by wire 
Henry S. Miller Nppraisal Corp., a subsidiary of the 
Dallas-b ased 
Henry S. Miller t o.. Realtors bas expanded operations in the area aud will be headed by 
Gene Rhodes, senior vice president of th e subsid­ iary. 

Bache Halsey Stuart. Inc. will give a three part sem inar on investing fundamentals. Jan 12, 19, and 26 at 7 39 p in iii its o i l i e r ii i the Alamo Sax tu g s I ow c r at 
111-419 991 N E. Admission is free, but reservations are suggested T or more information, call 828 71 ll 
Continental National Bank bas anno un ced total a s s e t s .is of Dee. 31 were $6 3 million, after I > months of operation 
KQAM/K SAU bas announced the sale of KSAQ FNI pending FCC approval, to Radio Alamo, Inc., beaded by Arthur Shadek and represented locally bv Dave 
Noll, executive vice president 
Noll said the present music format will rem ain Hie sam e and no personnel changes are anticipated Plans include a new antenna location with increased coverages. 
TYPING 

CONTINUED 

I 
JERRY L. KNIPPA — head of Texas Savings and Loan, has been elected to the board of 
Federal 
Hom e 
Loan 
Bank. 

 paper work is mountainous 
" N a ti o n a ll y , th e c o m p a n i e s who have been most receptive to the ma chines have been those in legal and g o v e rn m e n ta l fields which process huge am o u n ts of p a p e rw o rk ." she says. 
Here, she says , the m i li ta r y has been the chief purc haser of the ma chines 
The Air T raining C omm and at Rand olph AFB lias ordered 26 of the typewriters 

“ These machines will take over the ropy made bv about HUO “ authors, which have to be processed bv typists or secretaries." she says 
“ The type is sent to these mal lunes located i i i c e n tra lize d a r e a s . ” she s a v s 
’ Thus f a r , a b o u t 35 to 19 correspondence specialists (these are the ty p ists and s e c r e t a r i e s I have been re a s s ig n e d to oilier a r c u s ol work 
Cha pman savs the purpose of the 

FROM IG 

 machines is to eliminate the backing, but not the people, i i i improving of­ fice efficiency 

“ Theoretically, the typist is able to type an average of (ill words a minute 
But that's not always tr u e.” sin* says 
“ After the typist su b tra c ts out the steps i i i document production ( that's putting in the paper, adjusting m a r gills, etc ) tile actu a l sp eed is re 
(lured to about 12 wolds a minute 

OPEN A S1ooo 
FIRST DANK CD 
AND GIT FREI 
FIRST DANKCHECK 
CHECKING! 

You get FR E E First 
BankCheck Checking when you take out a 
12-month $1ooo Cer­ tificate of Deposit at 
First Bank. That 
Means totally free checking, including 
FR E E fully personal­ ized pocket checks. 
There’s no minimum balance to worry’ about. No average balance. And all the while, your CD earns the highest interest allowed by law. 

Six o f f i c e r s h a v e b e e n promoted at Alamo Nation­ al Bank, Reagan Houston, hoard c hairm a n, aud John 
K 
Meyer, president, have announced. 

Ken E. Baker and Kerry 
Heisting were na m e d bank vice presidents. 
Reagan 
Houston. IV was prom oted assistant vice president. 
O t h e r p o s i t i o n s n a m e d 

KIN I. DAKER 
KIRBY KEISLING 

 w**re: 
M a r y 
F r a n c e s 
Nocker. assistant trust of­ ficer. J o y c e Hicks, retail hanking officer and Cindy 
Hiilcrt, Master c h a r g e c re ­ dit officer. 
Baker has been with the hank since 1979. He is go ­ verno r of the San Antonio 
Sunday School Athletic As­ sociation and is president of th** 
A c tiv e 
C h r i s t i a n s 
Through Serv ice. 
Keisling is a g raduate of 
Texas Tech University and se rves hi the c o m m e r c i a l loan d e p a r t m e n t 
He is a m e m b e r of Robert Morris 
Associates 
R e a g a n Houston, a g r a ­ dual** of the University of 
Texas, is a m e m b e r of the 
O r d e r of t h e Alamo an d o t h e r v a r i o u s o r g a n i z a ­ tions 

FREE FIRST 
DANKCHECK CARD! 
You also get your very own First BankCheck card . . . guaranteed m oney when you need it. Because with this card, you can cash your jiersonal cheek at almost any bank in tho country’. Simply pre­ sent your check and 
F irst BankCheck Card to a hank officer, h e’ll call us, w e’U guarantee payment up to your overdraft limit, th** bank w ill cash your check, and you’ll be on your way with money in your pocket. 

4 OTHER 
FREE SERVICES! 
You also get FR EE 
Traveler's Cheeks. 
FR E E Cashier’s 
Checks. FR E E Money 
Orders. And F R E E 
Notary Service. Th** hank services you used to pay a fee for. Th** bank services you may never have to pay a service charge for ever again. 

PLUS GUARANTEED 
OVERDRAFT 
PROTECTION! 

F irst Bank w ill also guarantee an overdraft, limit of $HMH) wit h your F irst Bank( ’heck 
Checking Account 
Which means w hell you need money you don’t have in your checking account, all you have to do is write a check. We'll auto­ matically cover your check for you. Aud you pay interest only on t lie amount of your overdraft balance, and only for t he time your account is overdraw n 

AND EARN 
$61.o3 INTEREST! 
That 'n how much interest w e’ll pay you from your $ I tx Mi C D each year. Add that to t hi* money you save on our F’REE F irst Bank 
Services, and we I bink you’ll agree it makes cents, and dollars, to bank at F irst Bank. So w hy set t lo for second best?Bank F’irst Bank! 

, * • * 
* •* *. 

. \ - :» V iV /V \v . 
... 

* 
ARNDT 
/ 

LITTRELL 

o 

MIDDLETON 
ROMANEK 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NFzVS— 
S u n d a y January 9 1977 
GAINS 

CONTINUED 

 like doctors, lawyers and high-salar- led corporate executives, who also stood to realize substantial capital gams, were advised to take accumu­ lated profits on securities holdings up to $3o,ooo before the new law took effect. 
Inherited assets 

One of the most important features of the 1976 tax reform bill, however, involves a radical reshuffling of how realized capital gains on inherited assets are determined as part of a major overhaul of the estate and gift tax provisions of the tax code. 
And for stocks and bonds and other 
‘‘marketable securities,” their mar­ ket price at year end is the “ basis” for calculating these capital gains. 
Under the old code, anyone who held securities or property until death could avoid paying any capital gains taxes on their appreciated value. And after the federal tax was paid on the estate (based on market value at death), the heirs would also avoid paying any taxes on the capital gains accumulated by th** decendent. 
The new law modifies this signifi­ cantly, using the Dec. 31, 1976, date as a price benchmark. 
Specifically, until then anyone so­ meone who inherited securities would only pay a capital gains tax on the difference between the securities market value the day before the death of the original purchaser, and 
I he price on tin1 day the inheritor 

 finally sold them — or the value six months later, if it was lower. 
For example 
If an individual bought 1,ooo shares of XYZ Corp. stock at $1o per share, for example, and the stock rose to 
$1oo per share whemhe died, his heir would have to pay capital gains on any realized increase beyond $1oo per share, but not on the accumulated gain of $9o,ooo for the 1,ooo shares. 
If the heir sold the shares imme­ diately, he would also have no capital gains. If, on the other hand, the stock rose to $11o when the heir sold the 
1,ooo shares, his capital gain would be $1o per share, or $1o,ooo, but not . 

^HE CAVS HE'S MuM<s»ey J 

By Roger Bollen 
Corco reports two-m onth loss 

Common wealth Oil Re­ fining C o. (Corco) reported unaudited operating results for October and November, 
1976, indicating a $8.2 mil­ lion loss, or 57 cents a share, on net sales of $187.7 million 
The loss for the two- month period compared with an unaudited loss of 
$7.6 million or 52 cents a share, in the similar 1975 period, on net s a le s of 
$134 6 million said Cary VV 
Davis, president and chief executive officer of Corco 
Corco’s operating toss for the period was due primar­ ily to a marked decline in the prices of certain pe­ trochemicals, and to oper­ ating difficulties at some of 

 the company’s joint ven­ ture plants, Davis said 
Corco reported recently to its stockholders that it had obtained a waiver from its banks of certain earn­ ings requirements for both the third and fourth quarters of the year, and also a deferral of the pay­ ment of principal due the banks Dec.I, 1976 under the company's revolving credit agreement. 
Davis announced the un­ audited results in connec­ tion with the filing by Te* sore Petroleum Corp. of its 
Form 1o-K with the Secur- itids and Exchange Com­ mission. 
Tesoro ow ns 36.7 per cent of Corco’s common stock. 
Merrill Lynch prom otes three 

Three promotions at 
Merril Lynch, Pierce, Fen­ ner & Smith, Inc. were an­ nounced by Bill L Wise. resident vice president of the firm 
Named senior account executive was Robert A 
Nelson ..lr 
Joining the company were Franz Guerard and 
William Phillpotts. 
Nelson, 31, has been with the securities firm since 
1969 and w as graduated from the University of Tex­ as in 1968 with a bachelors degree i i i marketing. He is married to the former 
(’ecile Russell and lives with his three children at 

419 Calumet 

Guerard was graduated from the University of Tex­ as in 1973 with a bachelors degree in finance. Ile and his wife, the former Paula 
Davis of Dallas, live at 8631 
Fairhaven. 

Phillpotts, a 1969 gra­ duate of 
Texas 
Tech 
I Diversity with a bache­ lors degree in marketing and a 1976 graduate of tin* 
I diversity of Southern Ca­ lifornia with a masters degree iii systems manage­ ment. lives with his wife, the former Donna Sue Bot­ tom of Abbott, Tex., at 6823 
Indian Lake Dr. 
Form er cham ber director honored 
ST J J )t IS — Ben Smith, has been inducted into the 
Sales & Marketing Execu­ tives 
International 
Speakers Hall of Fame 
Smith, a sales training consultant and motivation­ al speaker, was a past director of the San Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce and past president of tin* San 
Antonio Sales Marketing 
Executives. 
He was honored recently at the group’s 5oth annual sales conference. 

 mm 

A 
BEN SMITH 
T exas Stale Batik 

 nam es Frederick 

Austin Frederick has been elected assistant vice president of Texas Stall* 
Bank, 811 S VV VV. White Rd. 
Frederick’s duties will include those of commercial loan officer 
Frederick retired from the Army as a colonel re­ cently after more than 25 years service. He was serv­ ing as professor of military science al Prairie View 
A&M University at the time of his retirement, in com­ mand of the second largest college ROTI’ corps 

The native Texan re­ ceived his regular Army commission i i i 1952 as an honor graduate of flu* 
Prairie View AAM ROTT program In 1968 Col Fre­ derick earned his master s degree in business organi­ zation from Ohio State Uni­ versity, 
Frederick served as a 
Green Beret in Vietnam and as a training advisor to 
Korean. Philiipivie and 
South Vietnamese troops. 
From 1973*75 Frederick was chief of the U.S. Army 
Mission to La Paz. Bolivia, 

AUSTIN FREDERICK 

 briefing the Bolivian pre­ sident on military matters and receiving a special Bo­ livian commendation for his efforts 
' We are extremely for* lunate to obtain the ser­ vices of this outstanding 
Army officer,” said Maury 
Holden, president of Texas 
State Bank "lits educa­ tional background and mi­ litary assignments and abi­ lity to sp**ak Si gush will make him a great asset to 
Texas State Bank "* 
Col and Mrs. Frederick have five children 

FROM I G 

$1oo,ooo (the $1o,ooo plus the $9o,ooo). 
Under the new law, the price of the stock on Dec. 31, 1976, becomes pivo­ tal and will govern for all marketable securities purchased before this date, but only for purposes of capital gains and not for capital losses. 
If XYZ Corp., as in the original example, had been bought by an in­ dividual at $1o per share and stood at 
$5o on Dec. 31, 1976, capital gains for his heirs would be based on this $5o price, no matter what its value at the date of his death. 
If the stock passes into the estate valued at $7o per share, and the per­ son who inherits it waits until it rises to $1oo to sell, his capital gain on each share is figured as the difference between $1oo and $5o, or $5o,ooo for 
1,ooo shares and not as the difference between $1oo and $7o, or $3o,ooo, which would be the calculation under the old code. 
However, if the heir holds the stock through a period during which the price declines and he sells it at $4o per share, he cannot claim a capital loss of the difference between $5o and 
$4o. 
This step up in basis to Dec.31, 
1976, prices is meant to give a one­ time “ fresh start” to this whole matter of calculating capital gains on inheritance. For securities . acquired after the first of the year, however, the initial purchase price will carry over as the capital gains basis for the heirs as well. 

 havent missed in 5o years. 

Right. We haven’t missed paying a dividend, when due, since the day we opened in 1927! 
That's the unique story of our first 5o years. You don't reach the age of 5o in the financial world unless you’re doing a lot of things right. We believe we are. So do our customers. And we plan to keep right on doing them right 
It has a lot to do with attitude. 
TR Al/I tm 
I Bm /nm W I wmJm 
S A V IN G S and loan association 
5o1 North Main Ave. 223-3o21 
663o Callaghan Road 341-7277 
51o9 Walzem Road 
656-66oo 

No. I A ir Bear 

ARM ED W ITH A CB and high hopes, pilot Tom Gam ble of Leola, Pa., prepares for takeoff in a gyrocopter built in his sparetime. During work hours, he is a policeman. His handle?'' — you guessed it. 

DR. ALEX COMFORT 

\« u rf never loo young lo pre- parr for old agr, says Ales 
Comfort, who, besides enjoying fame as a bestselling author on sex. is one of the world's leading gerontologists. 

Like college, career and fa­ mily tiling, senior citizenry should be discussed and under­ stood belore it happens. 

How are you preparing your­ self to face the financial and social discrimination 
“(iS-and- over” holds for the aged today? 

In this article, the first in a series of four from his latest book. A (.OOI) AGE, author Alex 
I milton exposes the myths of old agr and suggests possible meth­ ods ol combating our own prejudices. 

Ordeal by Sea 

This article is the first part of a serialization from the book Ordeal by Sea by Thomas Helm. It is re­ produced by permission of James 
Brown Associates Inc., New York, 
N Y . 

Ordeal by Sea is about the U.S. Navy's greatest open-sea disaster, when a Japan­ ese subm arine sent the heavy cruiser 
U.S.S. Indianapolis down between Guam 

 and the Philippines on July 3ft, 1945. 

Only 317 of 1,19ft officers and enlisted men in the cruiser’s crew survived. 

Ordeal by Sea tells in detail about the surprise torpedoing of the cruiser and the subsequent five days that the survivors spent adrift before being rescued. 

Subsequent episodes of Ordeal by Sea will appear daily in the News. 

By THOMAS HELM 
At 23oo Navy time or ll p.m. 
July 29, 1945, Cmdr. Mochit- sura Hashimoto mounted the conning tower of his submarine 
1-58. 
As his eyes w ere b eco m in g accustomed to the darkness, he gave orders for the submarine to be raised to a depth of 6o feet arid the speed to be increased from two to three knots. 
When the subm arine leveled off, the periscope went up and Hashimoto took a quick look around the surface of the sea. There was a bright half of a moon well up in the eastern sky- show ing o ccasio n ally th ro u g h patches of cloud covering, hut for the most part the sea was dark 
There was nothing in sight and. as they needed to exchange the air in the s u b m a rin e and re c h a rg e the b a t ­ teries, Hashimoto directed the s u r­ face and aircraft radar crews to their stations. 
“ Blow main ballast!” be ordered. 
Rises quickly 
The 1-58 rose quickly, and in se­ conds. the yeom an of s ig n a ls undogged the conning tower hatch and stepped out onto the bridge 
He was followed im m ediately by the navigator and Hashimoto. It was good to breathe fresh air again, and the m en indulged in a few deep- breathing exercises. 

Suddenly the navigator turned to his com mander. “ Bearing red nine zero degrees — a possible enem y ship.” he said excitedly. 
Hashimoto jerked his binoculars from their ease, put them to his eyes aud trained the glasses in the direc­ tion indicated by the navigator. 
A large black object was clearly visible on the horizon1 Right at the moment the rising moon in the eas­ tern sky was shining brightly through an open patch in the clouds, making a silhouette of the approaching ship. 
Something big 
This was not just an o th er m e r ­ chantm an nor even a destroyer It was something bigger — much big­ ger. 

H ashim oto hardly dared believe w hat his eyes w ere te llin g him . 
Through the periscope he though! he could make out two turrets forward and two aft, sep arated by a large tow or mast lf he was right, this was ail Idaho- class battleship! 
At last 1-58 could strike a m ajor blew for Japan. Built in the spring and su m m e r of 1944 and form ally commissioned on Sept 13 at the na­ val yard in Sasebo on the northwes­ tern end of the island of Kyushu, 1-58 had boon expected to contribute im­ mensely in turning the tide of battle in favor of Japan, hut until now she, had ne\er been in a position to make a major kill 
With an over all length of 335 feet 

 and an underwater displacement of 
3.8(1o tons, the submarine had a cruising range of 15.o11(1 miles and carried a complement of 1o5 officers and enlisted men 
At this moment two-thirds of the crew were sleep 
Yielding to cram ped q u arters, they wi re sc at­ tered about in almost every available spot. 

Some were stretched out on top of torpedoes, others were tucked away in narrow hunks and m any m ore sought the lim ited com fort of the hags of rice that were so much a part of the stores of any Japanese ship 
When H ashim oto dropped down from the conning tower and gave the order for all hands to stand by their 

 battle stations, su b m arin ers from the lowest to highest iii rank jum ped into action 
In the faltering moonlight H ashi­ moto could see his target for only brief intervals. He had no way of es­ timating the distance, so lit' could not be sure of its size. 
While he did not know it, the poor light had already caused him to make an e rro r in decid in g that the a p ­ proaching ship was a battleship with four turrets. 
She was, in fact, Hie heavy cruiser ll.S.S. Indianapolis, with three 
Peacetime 
The I’ S S Indianapolis, designat­ ed CA-35, was the first peacetim e w arship to he built iii the United 
States after the London T reaty of 
1929 The war to end all wars was now years iii the background 
Germany had been forever obliter- 
' ated as a threat, ( bateau-Thierry, the 
Argonne and the Lusitania were just nam es that people occasionally re­ flected on with mixed emotions. 
The New York Shipbuilding Co. of 
Camden. N J . was awarded the con­ tract and the Indianapolis slid down the wavs on the morning of May 15, 
1931 
It was a gala occasion, with Miss 
Lucy Taggart, daughter of Sen Tho­ mas T aggart of Indiana, acting as sponsor Taggart had at one time in his political career been mayor of 
Indianapolis. 

January 9 I 977 

Page 
I -H 
* 

The heavy cruiser was put iii lull commission at the Philadelphia Navy 
Yard a year and a half later on Nov 
15. 1932, with ( apt John M Smeallte on hoard as her first com m anding officer. At the tim e she carried a complement of only 49 officers and 
553 enlisted men. 
Leaving the Navy yard early the following January, the Indianapolis nosed out into the Atlantic for her shakedown cruise and then turned south for gunnery practice off Guan­ tanamo Bay, Cuba 
To the Pacific 
I here she was jollied iii the latter part of F eb ru ary by the destroyer 
Babbitt, and the two ships crossed the Caribbean, were locked through the Panam a Canal and then paul a visit to Chile 
Returning to Atlantic waters iii the sp rin g of 1933, the In d ia n a p o lis paused only long enough for some ol tIm* crew to go on leave and then pro- eeeded to Campobello Island. New 
B ru n sw ic k , to rec eiv e P re s id e n t 
Franklin I) Roosevelt and his party on board for a sum m er cruise 
Many of that first crew still recall 
Roosevelt’s fishing with enthusiasm from the fantail — the same fantail 

See DOOMED. Page Hit 
Ageism is just an old notion that is biased 

By ALEX COMFORT 
Ageism is the notion that people cease to be people, cease to be the same people or become people of a distinct and inferior kind, by virtue of hav­ ing lived a specified number of years. 
The 18th century French naturalist 
Georges Button said. “ to Hie philo­ sopher, old age must he considered a prejudice.” 
Ageism is that prejudice 
Like racism which ii resembles, it is based on fear, folklore and the hang-ups of a lew unlovable people who propagate these. lake racism, it needs to he met by information, con­ tradiction and. when necessary, con­ frontation 
Hard to expose 
Lies about aging arc especially hard to expose. The trouble is that we aren't horn old Society's prejudices indoctrinate us before they hit us 
(How many 2o-year-oids realize that sexual capacity and normal in­ telligence are lifelong in healthy humans?! 
On this basis we obligingly drown ourselves as persons when the clock points to the appropriate age 
Modern research indicates that a high proportion of the m ental and attitude changes seen in old people are not biological effects of aging. 
They are the results of role playing 
The “old” are supposed to bo phy­ sically and intellectually infirm, slow on the uptake and rigid in their ways. 
W e've ju stified p ro tests at children's books which show boys as active and girls as pass iv e, because this training falsifies sex roles 
Now consider how “ old age” has been depicted 
Ageism test 
Here are a few of the leading ex­ am p les. A s u rp ris in g n u m b e r of people, including administrators, be­ lieve I hem 
Test yourself True/false 

Mast ald people live in institutiuns 
— basidial*, ouisiuu bailies, etc. 

Sweater SALE! 

 ages True. 81 per cent of people over 
65 have some chronic problem s..as against 54 per cent of all people below that age. hut this need be nothing worse than short sight or hay fever 

Alter 65 everyone goes steadily downhill. 

In the Duke U niversity longitu- dianal study, 44 to 58 per cent of sur- vivors over 65 who re tu rn e d for checkup* had no detectable deterior­ ation in physical condition, and some had im proved, over periods from 
Him* to 13 years 
True, some people do suddenly get sick and decline, hut this can happen in earlier life and is called illness, not aging. For all people 65 and over. 51 per cent rate their health as good. 33 per cent as fair and 16 per cent as poor About hall, or possibly more than that, of any decline that is ob­ served is due to boredom. Inactivity aud the awareness that infirmity is expected. 

The ac tual figure is just under four per cent for all persons over 65 

Must old people are constantly in bed because of illness. 

They get fewer acute illnesses than younger people 
1 3 illnesses per person per year as against 2 1 for ail 

People should retire; older people can't do a decent job 

Instead of knocking this statement down with serried ranks of artists, musicians, writers and other brands of intellectuals who have done good work until they dropped, if s more* to the point to stress that such persist­ ing usefulness is the rule, not a pri­ vilege of genius. 
There is a slight positive relation between industrial productivity and worker age, and older workers have a 
2o per cent better absenteeism re­ cord than younger workers. 
They also have fewer disabling and | nondisabling injuries, and the fre­ quency of accidents decreases with | age At this point convention decrees j that we stop employing them 

Everyone knows old tolks are past ; having sex. 

Every study show s that a high proportion of old folks are either still having it or would welcome an op- 

Save 3 3 Vs % to 35% 
<T’ lo 16'” k m . . 
I c ” to 2 3 ' * k m ;. s2K i<> «<{<> 
SIZES ID to 52 

S \ \ E on the neaMiii most popular 
*t\le* . . . cardigan*, chauri*, ponchos, pull-over* ami cape*. Warm acrylic* ami blend* in all the wanted winter color*. ALL SALES U N XL. PLEASE! 

NO M HN AVL/MIRTH MAH MALL/MII ll ANV OK Pl AZA/*UNDERLAND 

VIm * ta I Mf (MC I S r IM I < m ) H m u - I mB 

Poge 
2-H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
For a saving idea it took long time t€ 
Potpourri 

P e o p l e a n d P o litic .' i 

 own plan in opposition to the 

Boiler 
Room 

( ' n i i i p a # f i n i ii i s e t-1 h i i a - a 

IF , as city financial ex­ perts report, changing the city’s fiscal year will save the city hundreds of thou­ sands of dollars a year in interest alone, it would seem that some high city hall mogul would have pushed it through years ago 
. . . in other words, the city has been paying hundreds of thousands a year in in­ terest when a simple ca­ lendar change would have saved all that money . . . 

UNKINDLY cut dep­ artment: Just two davs after Mayor LILA COCK­ 
R E L L expressed confi­ dence at a campaign head­ quarters opening that the 
San Antonio Mexican Trade 
Fair will expand, rumors hit that the fair may be canceled or suspended. 
. 

AMONG new assumed names filed with County 
Clerk 
BO B C R E E N at year’s end was one for 
Smokey the Bar . . . it’s at 

27.3o Offer SI and is owned by MILTON C H A R LES 
BROWN 
. . 

SEEN dining together re­ cently were none other than 
Mayor C O CKRELL and mayoral predecessors w a l t e r 
McAl l i s t e r and JOHN GATTI . . not dining with the three was former Mayor CHARLES 
BEC KER 

SINCE the San Antonio 
Bar Association is wres­ tling with itself on whether it should release the results of the poll it took on the 
.judges, the question arises on why the bar took the poll in the first place . . . the results were slipped to each of the judges individually, but no judge had the evau- lation of the other judges to compare his score with. 

DOES tht' entry of the 
Rev. S. ( LIFTON BYRD into the fight against the city's UM districting plan mean his boss, 
DA TED 
Bl TEER, is against it? . . . or is CLIFTON, who is an investigator for the DA when la1 isn’t out doing the 
Lord’s work, flying on his 

THE black community in 
San Antonio is pretty well divided over districting for the city . . . State Rep. LOU 
N ELLE SUTTON and City 
Councilman 
C LA U D E 
BLACK favor districting, while 
BYR D and the council’s first black member, Rev. 
S. 
II. 
JA M ES are against it . . . the aginners complain that a black can be elected only from one district, but that more than 5o per cent of the blacks don’t live in that district . . . 

NOTHING S sacred any­ more: 
The state bas slapped a tax lien on the 
North 
San 
Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce for 
$15B 18 . . . 

COPS probably was dis­ appointed, but new Citv 
Mgr. THOMAS HUEBNER neither quaked, turned pallid from fright, quailed, nor left town when he was introduced to Communities 
Organized for Public Ser­ vice . . . 

M Y S T E R Y surrounds exactly what lists the 
JIM M Y CARTER team is using in handing out invi­ tations to the Presidential 
Inauguration Jan. 2o . . . 
Bexar County Demo Head­ quarters, as well as state 

 headquarters, sent up lists of campaign supporters, volunteers and contribu­ tors, but many haven’t rc- ceived invites, and more than a few noses are out of joint . . . reports are that most of the invitations are going to Harris County . . .. meanwhile, plans are pro­ ceeding for the poor man’s inaugural planned for Jan. 
2o by County Democratic 
Chairman 
JO Y C E 
P E T E R S . . . she’s still undecided, however, whether to go to the ex­ pense of showing the W a­ shington inaugural activi­ ties via TV until she knows what will be carried . . . and Mrs. PET ER S reports the Democratic party lo­ cally is winding up the campaign in the black . . . the last debts from the 1976 campaign were retired this last week . . . 

EA T YOUR heart out 
RUDY ESQ U IV EL! 
. . . 
Courthouse insiders report that when (and if) the great district court expansion takes place, two county courts will be housed in the old .IP digs on the first floor of the courthouse . . . this when at least one court-at- law judge is already doing a land-office marriage bu­ siness and doesn’t need to be across the hall from the marriage clerk . . . . 

JU ST to see the finish of what started when he was a 

WHERE THE girls are is w here M ayo r Mac's at. H ere, the Freedom Folk Singers, a local musical group of high school and college students, belt out a freedom song a t the opening of M ayo r Lila Cockrell’s first cam paign office in her bid for re-election. 
The senior citizen in the m iddle of the singing group is none other than form er m ayor 
W .W . McAllister, present to lend his support and prestige to Lila’s bid. —- Staff 
Photo by Ron Jones 

CARTER delegate to the 
Democratic National con­ vention, County Commis­ sioner A LB ER T BU STA ­ 
MANTE and his wife 
BECKY will soon be off to 
DC to take in inauguration ceremonies . . . they have one of those cherished invi­ tations to the inaugural ball____ 

SAN Antonians wishing to purchase those $25 tick­ ets for the victory reception honoring Gov. and Mrs. 
DOLPH B R IS C O E , 
Id. 
Gov. and 
Mrs. 
B IL L 

This is the sale you’ve been waiting for! Now you can decorate your home with top- quality lines selected by professional designers at very special low prices! 
CLEARANCE SALE 
Every tiling 1o% - 5o% Off. 

WINTER 

Sofas and 
Love Seats 

American of Martinsville 
Contemporary style, wood arm sofa 
Upholstered loose cushions, in rich colors of brown, gold, amber, velvet fabric. 
Reg. $875 OO.................... .......................... 

Love Seat Reg. $75o OO 

Vanguard 

Fully upholstered, matching pair love seats, roll arm with upholstered block leg 
White - green - yellow tlamestitch design 
Reg. $695 OO ......................... . 

Burlington Traditional 
Style 
84" Sofa fully upholsfered in durable textured fabric In colors of avocado, rust, gold Reg $875 OO 
........ 
........ 

Love Seat Reg $695 OO 
......................... 

Ennis Contemporary Style 
Sofa 

Fully upholstered in durable stripe fabric - brown and white - lattice work on arms 
Reg $795 OO.................... 

Love Seat Reg $665 OO 

*595 
*495 

*495 

 each 

*595 
*495 

*595 
*495 

Flair 

84" Contemporary style sofa, fully upholstered in oft white and beige textured tlamestitch fabric 
Reg $45o OO 
......................... 

Love Seat Reg $35o oo 

Thayer Coggin 

Contemporary style sofa — loose cushions upholstered in green and white fem print cotton fabric — white cane on arms 
Reg $725 OO .......................................... 

Burlington 

9o" Sofa — Contemporary style with wood trim on arms and back. durable, textured fabric in Indian design grey, blue. beige 
$ C Q i * with red accent Reg $83o OO 
J u 
J 

Love Seat Reg $67o oo 
....... 

Thayer Coggin 
Contemporary style sofa. fully upholstered in white Haitian cotton fabric 
Reg $55o oo ........ .................................... 

Love Seat Reg $395 oo 
.................... 

*495 

*45o 
*325 

Love Seat Reg $55o oo 
More Sofas 
& Chairs 
Ennis 

84 Hi back traditional style sofa • fully upholstered in durable Haitian cotton fabric with fringe trim on skirt 
Reg $775 OO 
............................... 

Vanguard 
84 Hi back traditional style crescent shape sofa Fully upholstered in cotton- linen fabric Print design in colors of beige maroon ■ navy • grey Reg $675 oo 

Ennis Traditional Style 
Sofa upholstered block leg, rich chocolate brown velvet with contrast welts in oyster velvet Reg $78o OO 

Ficks Reed Rattan Frame 
Sofa 

White finish Loose cushions, upholstered in green & white lattice design cotton-linen blend fabric Reg $745 OO 

Matching Rattan Chairs 
Upholstered in green, yellow, white fern print fabric Reg. $28o OO........................ 

*395 
*295 

*495 
*395 

Classic 92” Sofa 
Top grain masterpiece leather, loose cushion Antique white Discontinued style. 
Reg $15oo oo 
........................................ *995 

Classic Wing Chair 
Top grain leather Gold with brass nail trim $ A O C 
Chippendale style Reg $6oo.oo............ c L Z ) 

Accent Chairs 
Rattan tortoise finish. Neutral color textured fabric seat cushions 
Reg $329 oo............................................ 
Dining Room 
Ficks Reed 
Rattan 5-piece dining room. Glass top 
(oval) table Reg. $15oo.oo 

*229 

*75o 

*55o 

*595 

*55o 

*525 

*195 

Contemporary Style 

Brass & Glass 5 piece Dining Room. Glass 
• 

 top 42 square. Chairs upholstered back & $ C Q C seat in rust velvet fabric Reg $975 OO 
J O 
U 

Antique Reproduction 
Golden Oak 7-piece Dining Room. 
Round extension table 2 leaves. 6 chairs with cane seats. Reg. $895 OO 
....... *595 

5 Piece Dinette Or Game Set 
Cast Aluminum frame. Yellow enameled finish Chairs have wood arms Cushions- $ Q Q C white vinyl with yellow welts Reg $415 oo 
£ > J \ J 
And Other Thing* 
Baker Secretary Desk 

Traditional style Cherry 31"wx17 'dx38' h $ o 1 * o 
Reg $39o oo 
... 
£ O 
U 

Baker Cabinet 
2 doors with brass mesh inserts, adjustable shelves One drawer & shelf concealed at bottom of cabinet Beautiful carved front. 
44"wx 19"dx83"h Reg $11oo.oo.............. *695 

Burlington 

84' traditional style sofa - fully upholstered in rich red tones Oriental design velvet 
$ A C O fabric Reg $796 oo................................. 
H O U 

Lane Bookcases (2) 
White enameled finish. 3 adjustable shelves with 2 doors at base 3o"wx17‘ dx74"h. 
$ 
Reg $275 OO............................................... 195 
There’* Much More ’’All Specially Priced to Sell 

Master Charge 
Bank Amertcard 
Revolving Charge 
DIANNE FLACK 
INTERIORS-SAN ANTONIO 

9329 Wurzbach at 
Bluemel 1696-1791 
Mon., Tue., Wed , Fri. MMS 
Thurs. 1o-8, Sat. 1o-5 

H O BBY, and 
House 
Speaker and Mrs. 
BILLY 
CLAYTON, can obtain their tickets from H ER B 
K ELLE H E R at 224-7581 . . . the reception is front 5-7 p. rn. Monday in Austin’s 
Driskill Hotel . . . 

NOW comes State Rep. 
BOB V A LE to announce he’s considering a bill to regulate bill collectors! . . . it might even impact on 
State Sen. KRANK LOM­ 
BA R D IN O ’* fancy com­ puter setup in the DA’s check section . . . come on. BOB, is nothing sac­ red? . . . 

GOOD news from Bexar 
County Hospital District . . 
. it appears that births for 
1976 at the hospital will hit a record high . . . through 
November, 1976, births at the hospital totaled 4,987, up 3.2 per cent over . . . the comparable figure for the previous year, which was a record. 
Power 
Players 

Movers a m t shakers 

N EW LY ordained County 
Com 
JE F E 
WENT­ 
WORTH has been so busy in his first week in of­ fice he hasn’t had time to decorate the office and really move himself in . . . only thing adorning the walls of the office is the lone picture of his father, 
EARL W ENTWORTH . . . aud JE F F reports he has two architects and one de­ signer friend who have of­ fered to advise him on de­ corating the office free of charge . . . the new com­ missioner will take some time to adjust to his com­ pletely enclosed, window­ less office . . . his old law office featured a huge win­ dow from which 
J E F F could see 15 miles on a clear day . . . 

WENTWORTH’S assign­ ment by his Commissioners 
Court amigos is the com­ puter center and new con­ struction . . . he’s already at odds with the other four members of the court on the first new construction project the court went into this year—a county office building and parking gar­ age across Main Avenue from the courthouse . . . 

AND down the hall from 
W ENTW O RTH , another new official. County Tax 
Assessor-Collector BEN 
SHAW’, is equally busy . . . 
BEN is getting all his ducks in a row , now feels he didn’t lose much bv former 
Assessor-Collector CHAR­ 
LES 
DAVIS’ refusal to deal with him in the months after the election . . 
. SHAW is advertising for a chief deputy, an adminis­ trative secretary, and a posting supervisor . . . the chief deputy will he ex- pel ted to have a solid ac­ counting background . . . 

SHAW has plans on down the road to put a compu­ terized appraisal system into effect in the county, modeled after the only such system in the state in Gal­ veston County . . . he’s al­ ready viewed the Galveston 
County setup, was im ­ pressed by it , . , he’ll go hack to Galveston to attend a formal school on the sys­ tem next month . . . 

SOM E of the other leaders in the fight against the city districting plan are madder than wet hens at the Alliance for a Better i City for coming out against 
I the plan and reporting it 
: would spend $3o,9oo to de- 
' feat it . . . they don’t mind the ABC’S being opposed, i but feel ABC should have 
1 been a little more discreet and covert , . . those leaders opposed say ABC’s coming out against dis­ tricting very well could be responsible for it pas sing . . . 

T H E R E ’S no doubt that 
ABC put its neck on the line * in coming out against dis­ tricting, and it very well could get it chopped off . . . if the districting plan carries, the candidates for mayor may not be standing in line seeking ABC’s en­ dorsement . . . well, ABC is to be commended for trying to pull the community to­ gether for the common good, but presiding over a marriage between tile Good 
Government League and the Independent Team is not an easy task . . . 

IRONICAL that so many of the Republican leaders should be against the city districting plan . .. they led the fight for single-member state representative dis­ tricts in Bexar County, were successful and saw the first two Republicans from Bexar County elected to the House . . . of course, one of those two was subse­ quently defeated by a De­ mocratic opponent. . . 

ALTHOUGH the district­ ing election doesn’t come until Saturday, Mayor L I­ 
LA COCKRELL has set up her camp- gn along district lines . . . her campaign or­ ganization chart, under the able direction of M A R I­ 
LYN JO N E S , has cam ­ paign coordinators in each of the IO districts. . . 

ST A T E Rep. 
FR A N K 
MADLA out of the hospital, where he was operated on for removal of a cyst on his right hand . . . that’s his handshaking hand, and 
FRANK had to have it re­ paired for the upcoming session . . . 

G U ESS which subject 
Bexar County legislators, with tho exception of State 
Rep. 
A B E R IB A K , are least inclined to discuss at news conferences? . . . the firemen's and policemen’s sick pay bonanza, that’s what . . . 

THE Democratic Women of Bexar County w ill hear a debate on the districting plan starting at 7:3o p. rn. 
Wednesday at the CW A 
Building at McCullough 
Avenue and N. St. Mary’s 
Street . . . speaking for districting is JO E W EBB, and speaking against is 
HELEN D IT M ER . . . 

INCUMBENT San Anton­ io River Authority board member W ILLIAM HAY­ 
MAN mounting a fullscale campaign in hts bid for re-election to his place *2 post . . . he has campaign cards and flyers out, trum­ peting for clean water, new and better park facilities, improved flood control, and the,Mission Parkway pro- lect . . . HAYMAN S been in office six years . , . 

JO E RAINEY MANION. one of two $1 a year ad­ ministrative assistants and advisors to new Assessor- 
Collector BEN SHAW, re­ porting he will turn the $1 back over to the county . . . but can you afford it, JO E? 
. . . MANION, a self-made millionaire, belongs to the 
National Association of Fee 
Appraisers . . . the other $1 a year man is Dr. 
PAT 
SHAW’, no kin to BEN . . . he’s a Texas Aggie and former Chief of the Envir­ onmental Science Division of the Air Force's School of 
Aviation Medicine .. . 
Around 
Town 

 ll a a h the ut a sl im ie r * 

LOYALTY AWARD . . 
While the question of whether Constable I. II. 
••ISH" GARZA can or can­ not get rid of three of his predecessor’s deputies and hire hts own men is being decided by the Civil Service 
Commission, the consta­ ble’s office won’t be left unmanned . . . three of 
IS ll’S friends are working at the office without pay to 

 be sure everything keeps rolling smoothly. . . 

STRANGE LIN EU P: On that vote to give Ella Austin 
Community Center $26,1oo in city funds so the agency can separate from the 
United Way/Coordinated 
Child Care Council net work 
City Councilman CLAUDE 
BLACK objecting along with G LEN HARTMAN, 
AL ROHDE and 
P H IL 
PYNDUS . . . proponents turned out to be D. FORD 
N IE L S E N , H EN R Y C IS ­ 
NEROS, RICHARD T E N ­ 
IE N T E . 
Mayor 
L IL A 
C O C K R ELL and Mayor 
Pro Tem BOB B IL L A ____ the agency is a key service provider on the East Side 
. . . figure that one out. 

CAUTION: There’ll be big issues the city is inter­ ested in before the State 
Legislature this session, 
TEN IEN TE warning in the middle of the sick leave re­ peal debate the other day . . 
. PYNDUS after blood in his repeal resolution . . . 
“ Can’t instruct them, have to work with them,” TEN­ 
IE N T E advising . , . 
PYNDUS’s response went something like this: “ I ’m tired of legislators we must handle like babies.” 
N IELSEN offered this: 
“ We can get a lot more with a little sugar than at the end of a shotgun.” . . . 

JIV E TALKIN’ . .. While all the officials were being sworn in last Saturday one 
Courthouse wag couldn't help but comment that there was at least one or two officials around who wouldn’t need anyone to swear them in .. . “ some of them think they’re so great they can .just stand in front of a m irror and swear themselves in,” the wag commented. 

TO S P E C IA L IZ E OR 
NOT . . . Even though Bex­ ar County isn’t positive yet it will be receiving any new district courts from the slate legislature, the dis­ trict judges are already split on whether one of them should be designated for juvenile and family matters . . . some of the judges say the idea was given a chance a few years ago and didn’t work out, so it shouldn’t be tried again . 
. . of course others say with a few changes the idea would be a major aid to the court system. . . 

S U P P O R T E R : In case anyone thinks he might have gone underground on this issue, CPS Vice Chair­ man 
ELOY 
CENTENO outspoken in support for the 1o-1 City Council dis­ tricting plan . . . turned up to make it known to all at the conference called by 
C ISN ERO S at City Hall last week . . . 

EH? “ Can’t Mr. FISC­ 
HER (STC Fist HER the city's traffic/transporta- tion chief) speak for the 
Highway Departm ent?’’ 
HARTMAN asking in his needling effort to win a little more local support for transit as a part of local transportation planning . . . 
"No, of course not!" re­ plying Mayor COCKRELL a little testily . . , Maybe she’s never heard 
F IS C H E R plead the 
Highway Department case 
. . . doesn’t even need a script any more. 
People 
Are Funny 

Thin im hates polit n os 

IT IS GOING TO B E A 
LONG Y E A R - MAYOR 
LILA COCKRELL broke up a tedious discussion with a slip of the tongue . . . the conference room was full of transportation groups in conflict over planning re­ sponsibilities . . . “ Let’s hear from the *otiler en- enles here — I mean en­ tities,” the m ajor s a i d . . . . 

Doomed ship at sea during 
Pearl bombing 

Continued from Page IU 
^ 

San Antonio EX PR E S S- N E W S — Sunday January 9 1977 

MfVqy rescued ( here by R in g n e ss 
A u g . 3, 1945 

Continued from Page 

 that was to become a scene of horror exactly 12 years later as hundreds of frightened and confused men waited for the order to abandon ship 
On Aug. I. 1933, the Indianapolis discharged the presidential party at 
Annapolis, Md., quickly took aboard 
Secretary of the N avy Claude A 
Swanson and departed on an inspec­ tion tour of naval bases in the Canal 
Zone. California and Hawaii 
FOR returns 

President Roosevelt came aboard again on May 31. 1934.to review the proud fleet from her bridge as it steamed in parade off of New York 
After over two years of active command. Captain Smellie was re­ lieved by ('apt VV. S. McClintie on 
Dec. ll. 1934 
The Indianapolis spent the follow ­ ing summer in dry dock and ov erhaul at Hampton Roads Naval Base in 
Virginia, where she was fitted out as a flagship and put to sea with (apt. 
Henry K Hewitt in command. 
For the third tim e President 
Roosevelt went aboard the Indiana­ polis — this time in November of 193B for a cruise to South America. 
Her next captain was the illustrious 
Thomas C. Kinkaid , followed by 
( apt .J F. Shafroth dr., who was relieved in Ju ly 194o by her first wartime commanding officer . E. VV. 
Hanson, a captain who was genuinely admired by every man aboard from the youngest seaman to the most seasoned line officer. 
Pearl Harbor 

On the morning of Dec 7. 1941, while Japanese planes were attack­ ing the fleet and shore installations at Pearl Harbor, the Indianapolis was at sea carrying out simulated bom­ bardment of Johnston Island some 
5oo miles to the southwest of Oahu. 
When word of the attack was re­ ceived. she immediately joined a task force searching the sea around the 
Hawaiian Islands for Japanese ships 
When a week had passed and there was no sign of the enemy, tin' In ­ dianapolis was ordered back to Pearl 
Harbor. 
Fueled and provisioned, tile heavy cruiser steamed westward across the 
Pacific toward her first encounter with the enemy. It came on tin* af­ ternoon of Feb. 'JO. 1942. about 35o miles south of Rabaul. New Britain. well into 
Japanese-dom inated waters 
At the time the Indianapolis was part of a task force built around the carrier Lexington. The battle was engaged when a flight of 18 twin-en­ gine bombers attacked the group of ships. It was during this battle that 
Navy LL (j.g .) Edwin IL “ Butch*’ 
O'Hare shot down six enemy planes in one flight and earned the Medal of 
Honor 
The next few months were ones of frequent bombardment of enemy bases and numerous battles 
Back for repairs 

Iii July the Indianapolis returned for repairs to Mare island. Calif . where Captain Hanson was relieved by ( apt Morton L Deco When the overhaul was complete she headed tor the bleak cold waters of the North 
Pacific to help stem the tide of J a ­ panese forces who were rapid Iv gaining a foothold iii the Aleutians 
The treacherous fog-shrouded waters around these Alaskan islands were to be the hunting ground of the 
Indianapolis for over a year, and she fought many battles at such places as 
Kiska. Adak and others 
War iii tin* North Pacific was far from an easy tour of duty. Aside from the knowledge that the enemy was well entrenched on certain of the is­ lands there was the problem of weather. 
There are few places on the face o! the earth where the year-round weather is so inhospitable as iii the 
Aleutians A day may begin with a i leal' sky spread benignly over a calm sea and sea birds wheeling and turning iii the sunlit air Sailors pull off their watch caps and unbutton their peacoats. 
Islands that rise abruptly out of the sea are drenched iii sunlight, and the more optimistic are inclined to be­ lieve that here, at last. is a nice day 
Before the breakfast dishes are cleared from the mess table, how­ ever. a lookout w ill possibly an­ nounce the approach of a fog bank, and minutes later the wind will begin to blow 
All at once the sky is obscured and swirling snow fills the air. 
Williwaw 
The Aleut lias a name for this sud­ den storm lie calls it a williwaw lie simply crawls into the nearest shelter and waits for the elements to spend their fury. Then he crawls out and continues about Ins daily business. 
Naval ships do not find their task so simple. High winds mean disturbed seas. 
Large shills must keep to deep water. Smaller ships, the destroyers and lesser patrol cruft, tuck them­ selves away in sheltered caves arui wait for the storm to \ ia s a . keeping lo deep water was not always an easy task for the Indianapolis. 
Waters surrounding the Aleutians were virtually uncharted 
Euless proceeding in open waler iii the tiering Sea to the north or the 
Pacific Ocean lo the south, the skip­ per frequently had to con his ship along at the slowest possible speed. reiving on sonic depth-finding de­ vices aud sometimes resorting to the primitive lead line. 

M A P LO CATES the a re a o f the Pacific in w hich the 
U.S.S. In d ia n a p o lis o p e ra te d in its fin al d a y s a flo a t d u rin g W o r ld W a r ll. R e a d e rs m a y w a n t to clip this m a p fo r future referen ce a s the se rie s on the sin k ­ ing of the In d ia n a p o lis continues d a ily in the N e w s. 

— V 

Pacific O cean 

P o ss ib le P e ris c o p e 
J u ly 7 5 
G U A M 

 trot* lev** J 

6oo from 

U.S.S. IN D IA N A P O L IS S U N K 
JULY 3o, 1 9 4 5 I 2:14 A .M . 

W ild H u n te r c o n ta cts J u ly 7 8 

C e cil J. D o y le a r r iv e d I 1:45 P.M . 
A u g . 7, ? 945 

P A L A U 

PELELIU 

M a d is o n a n d 
Ralph Talbot 

 left 4 :o 1 P .M . 
A u g . 7 

U LITHI IS L A N D 

Pacific O cean 
A 

IS L A N D S 

V P B 152 

It was a cold and dreary life prob­ ing through fog banks and snow­ storms. battling high winds and icy seas and never knowing just how near or how far away a powerful en­ emy bastion might lie. 
Scout planes were launched from catapults b» reconnoiter a suspected island, and it was always a uip-and- tuck game getting them back again before they were stranded in the air by foul weather. 
Intelligence was practically nil. but by constantly probing at various points it was finally decided the main 
Japanese stronghold iii the Aleutians was concentrated on the tiny island of 
Kiska near the westernmost end of the chain. 
On Aug. 7. 1943. the Indianapolis and other ships of the task force were lying offshore waiting tor the fog to lift. As soon as they could see the dim outline of their target they began laving down a devastating barrage. 
So confident had the Jap anese forces been that their position was unknown, they were caught by com­ plete surprise For fully a quarter of an bour after the bombardment started, the shore batteries on Kiska were silent 
When they did become operational, many began firing into the cloud shrouded sky. apparently in the be­ lief that they were under attack by bombers 
‘On target* 

 nunnery crews aboard the Indian­ apolis and the other ships were con­ fident they were “ on target," but the fickle Aleutian weather would not let them claim a positive victory. 
When the shelling was nearly com­ plete. a massive wave of fog again swelled up out of the sea and covered the entire area. 
In the final minutes scout planes made hasty sorties over the harbor and reported sinking ships and heavy destruction of shore batteries and other installations, but they could not be sure how effective the job bad 
I wen. 

During the time the Indianpnlis was iii Alaskan waters Captain Deyo 
VVUS relieved in January 1943 by ( apt 
Nicholas Vytlacil. and in August of that same year, under the hitter s command, the ship returned to Mare 
Island for a brief overhaul and an­ other change' of command. This time 
( apt. Einar Johnson relieved Captain 

Ail i i i ira I Sfiruancr sr- 
Irrtril Ihr I nil iii na/ml is us his JI ti ^sh i/i anil /hr briny rruisrr inornl in oil Siii/uin lo furnish firr su/ifior!. 

Yvtlacil. and once again tin* vessel went back to the Aleutians. 
When it was felt that the Aleutians were secure, the Indianapolis was ordered to tin' Central Pacific and im m ediately participated iii the operations leading to the occupation of the Gilbert Islands. She was in Un* lieut of the battle, with invasion bombardments of Taraw a. Makin and the Marshall Islands. 
Flagship 

Adm Raymond A Spruam e se­ lected the Indianapolis as bis flag­ ship. and on June 23. 1944. th** heavy cruiser moved iii on Saipan to furnish lire support. 
Six davs later the cruiser s eight- inch main battery smashed shore in­ stallations on the island of Tinian — 

 the same island to which the 
Indianapolis was destined to deliver the first atomic bomb nisi a little over a year later 
Buck at Marc Island for still an­ other overhaul, the ship was to wel­ come aboard her tenth and last skip­ per. On Nov. 18. 1941, ('apt 
Ein ar 
Johnson was relieved by ( apt 
Charles Butler McVuy III 
Captain M cVay was what might have been termed a dyed-in-the-wool 
Navy man. His father. Charles Butler 
McVay Jr., had graduated from An­ napolis with the class of 189(1 and commanded such ships as the New 
Jersey, Oklahoma and Saratoga dur­ ing World War I 
Ile held the important posts of commandant of the Washington Navy 
N ard, chief of the Navy’s Bureau o! 
Ordnance and at the time of his r**- tirem ent as adm iral iii 1932 was commander-in-chief of the C S 
Asiatic Fleet 
M eV ay’s naval background ex­ tended (*ven beyond that While* not a true Navy man so far as rank was concerned, the captain’s grandfatluT had been closely associated with na­ val activities and was made an hon­ orary member of the 189(1 graduating class of Annapolis, an honor In-s­ lowed on (he cider M cVay for Ins unswerving moral and financial sup­ port iii the faltering days that fol­ low til the ( iv ii War. 
Long a dream 

When Captain M cVay 111 took command of the Indianapolis in No­ vember of 1944, it was I he* realization of a long-cherished dream Ile had graduated from Annapolis with the class of 192o and reached the rank of captain on June 18, 1942. 

“ A D A Y th a t w ill liv e in in fa m y ” is c a p tu re d b y 
N a v y artist G riffith B. C o ale , w h o p ain te d this v e r­ sion of the attack on P e arl H arb or. 

K A M IK A Z E A T T A C K S inten sified d u rin g W o rld W a r ll a s J a p a n fo u g h t w ith in c r e a sin g d e s p e r a tio n a g a in s t a d v a n c in g U .S. fo rc e s. A K a m ik a z e d a ­ m a g e d the In d ia n a p o lis on M arch 31, 1945, in an attack sim ilar to this a rtist's d ra w in g of an attack on a U.S. aircraft carrier. 

At the age of Mi. as lie stepped aboard the Indianapolis and began lo prowl her decks iii tin* manner of any new captain, lie was comforted iii Hic knowledge that the Axis iii Europe was beginning to bend and the Allied forces were making impressive for­ ward steps against Japan 
At the same time. he knew that war iii tin* Pacific was still a deadly lea lily He watched the* indianapolis go through a brid period of overhaul and then lie took her to sea 
Once hack in the forward zone aud with Admiral Spruunee’s flag aboard again, the Indianapolis was plunged into the thick of battle She untied 
Adm Marc A Mitscher's carrier task force to launch the lirst attack on 
Tokyo since the famous Doolittle raid in April 1942 
The adion was designed to covet 
Fluted Slates landings on Iwo .lima 
The task force approached the island of Honshu iii tin* midst of a tropical storm and bv the time tin* weather abated the ships were iii range of 
Tokyo 
Enormous success 

The full-scale attack winch was an enormous success began in earnest 
The Navy lost 49 planes hut more than made up for it by destroying 199 
Japanese planes, sulking a carrier, nine coastal vessels, a destroyer, two destroyer escorts and a cargo ship 
In addition to these Japanese air and sea losses. I S guns laid waste to aircraft installations, factories and other industrial targets 'Through it all. tin* lndiana|Ndis continued to play lier role ol fire support ship When the job was done, CA 33 turned south to hack up the Iwo .luna landings 
Admiral Springlee had chosen the indianapolis as his flagship because there was adequate berthing space aboard to accommodate ins stall , and 

 also the heavy cruiser had the speed to keep pace with the fast carriers. 
Bul he had still another reason for lilts selection, one that might have shocked soiiH* of the crew and civi­ lians alike had I hey known — the 
Indianapolis was an old ship and not as v aluable to the fleet as some of her younger sisters 
The adm iral never hesitated to have her used close inshore during amphibious landings and bombard­ ments. .md lack ol a destroyer for an an ti-submarine escort never pre­ vented him from going where he thought necessary during an opera­ tion 
One day when Admiral Spruit lice and Captain M cVay were oil the bridge together the admiral noticed thai the Indianapolis was slow iii re­ turning to even keel after a fast turn under lull rudder 
Ile discussed this with McVay. who told him that lite ship had been in­ clined the last tune sin* was at Marc 
Island tor overhaul ami it was disco­ vered that due to tin* increasing 
^weight of armament and equipment tieing added to her superstructure the metaeenlrie height was now less than one fool 
Tins meant that the cruiser was inst about as heavy above water as sin* wa*-, below, decidedly nut a healthy condition lur a capital ship that should lie able to recover I mill a kit ockdown iii a typhoon or slitter heavy damage iii battle aud still re­ main un an even keel 
T ully aware (ti her watertight Inte­ grity, Admiral Springlee knew that p ruptured seam iii either bow or stern could he corrected for iii short order. hut lie was worried about what a torpedo might do it it slammed into lier v ital amidship 

Warning 

It was at this tune that lie uttered a statement which was to be little short of a prophetic warning 
“ Should the Indianapolis ever lake a torpedo Int iii the right place, she would capsize and sink iii short order ” 
Neither A d m iral Spruunee nor 
Captain McVay let this problem deter them iii their assignment of the In­ dianapolis She was kept in the heat ol battle until crushed by a Kamikaze iii the Okinawa campaign 
On the day before the landing of 
March 31. 1943. in the hour jus! be­ fore dawn, a single-engine Japanese suicide plane was spotted as it bote in on the ship 
Ant l ait i raft guns opened up hut made confact only seconds before tin* plane struck, barely missing the bridge and lulling on tin* port side of tin' fantail. 
By good fortune, only nine men were killed and hardly twill* that number injured Casualties could ea­ sily have lM*i*n III times as great had the plane hit almost any other part of tin- ship. 
When order was restored, divers went over the side and made a tem­ porary patch. Realizing that the In­ dianapolis would he out of commis­ sion for a while. Admiral Spruam e quickly shifted Ins flag to the battle­ ship New Mexico, and the Indianapo­ lis proceeded lo Keiam a Retto for further repairs 

Monday in the News: the Indiana­ polis goes to Mare Island, ( alif., (or repairs and is (hen ordered on a speedy, lop secret mission (o carry a super secret cargo lo Tinian Island in the I'acitic. 

 p 

January 9 I 977 

THhSUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d i t o r i a l s 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 
W illiam J. Reddell 

Editor of Editorial Page 

Death live on television 

 ll Texas television follows tip its ritfht to televise execu­ tions in Huntsville, the inevi­ table furore could produce one or more interesting results. 

If the State of Texas kills the 52 persons now on death row, and te le v isio n c o v e rs death — live — from the exe­ cution chamber, there will be some basis for rendering judg­ ment on the efficacy of execu­ tions as a deterrent to deadly crime. There will also emerge from such a co u rse a now outcry for abolishing the death penalty. 

Fifty-two televised official killings could well produce a kind of m acabre boredom or explosive revulsion. More like­ ly will be a build-up of s y m ­ pathy for the victim that would force repeal of death-penalty laws. 

Inevitably, tim e d im s the crim inal c ir c u m s ta n c e s that place a d efendant on death row. Because of the back-log of condemned persons in Texas and elsew here, the potential impact upon the public from executions viewed in the living rooms is bound to fan the pas­ sions. Our judgment is that the p assion s would be against keeping the show running in 
TY. 

Televiewing, and otherwise p hotograp hin g the ev e n ts, could well have a similar result that televised war in Vietnam had. The shock of an exec ution. 

 without trial or warning, on a 
Saigon street — the photograph of an official shooting his vic­ tim with a pistol at point-blank range — ling e rs in the m e ­ mory. We shrug it off, now, as the result of a violent era beyond control. 

The pictures of Jack Ruby shooting Lee Harvey Oswald was a m o m en ta ry sh o c k e r , re-run to fascinated audiences. 

But those w e r e n ’t scheduled, deliberate, official events carried out as public policy. 

 lf there is e v id e n c e that photographed executions is, in any way, a public service that evidence would have to prove at least two tilings: Would it deter killing? Would it force a change in laws to make a life sentence longer? 

We aren't convinced that the death penalty deters any­ one. Most slayings are crimes of passion, in which the killer d o e s n ’t w eigh the c o n s e ­ quences. In those few instances where the killer is a cold, cal­ culating criminal, he well may weigh a life against a death penalty. But there are dozens of documented cases of crimes that mimic filmed violence*. 

We may have televised killing deal with it. but have a difficult 

 to experience in order to television will time arguing that they are broadcasting tlu* public interest when telex iso s the killings. 

 in it 

Transit, parking 

 s o f a system part 

San Antonio 'Transit System is about to b e c o m e a full- fledged operation of the City oi 
San Antonio. Within months, the la st of Hie bonds that pur­ chased the system will be paid off. 

The sy s te m is also being subsidized because revenues 
I rom the fare box don't pay expenses. 

Transit is essential. 'Tradi­ tionally. it is a depression b u ­ s i n e s s — p rosp erin g in bad ec o n o m ic tim e s and losing money in good economic times 

• 
But those conditions don't eliminate the need for the ser­ vice. The question for San An­ tonio has been posed by a 
Transit study group: What to do when the s y s t e m c o m e s under direct city management? 

Tlu* group proposes c r e a ­ tion of a Transit and Parking 
Authority. With a tax base of some kind. 
At present, the tax base — for subsidy payments — is the 

LETTERS 

'Tax change savings im pact 2o years away 

 general fund of the city. The proposal is to get revenue from parking revenues. 

'The City Council adv isory committee. Centro 21, opposes tin* tax plans of the transit study group. Somewhere, there should be an option, because opposition doesn’t answer the question. Higher parking fees downtown counters Centro 21 efforts for downtown. 

P arking and transit are parts of a transportation s y s ­ tem. of course, and it would be wise to find a way to m a k e them support each other. 

There should be public parking — or so m e form of control over private monopoly parking — that will regulate r a t e s . Ami there needs to be realistic inclusion of parking, road and transit costs iii any fair computation of transpor­ tation costs. 

The c i t y ’s own p la n n ers should take the advisory opin­ ions and try to find a workable plan. Transit needs it and the city needs it. 

If voters approve the idea of a tax year change for .San An­ tonio — as requested in Propo­ sition Two on the Jan. 15 ballot 
—• it probably will be at least 2o years before any cost savings are felt. 
More drastic steps would have to he taken than the option p re fe rre d by 
City F in an c e Dir C arl White. T he finance director adm itted as m uch in r e c e n t c o n v e r s a ti o n s a b o u t th e proposed fiscal and tax year changes. 
T h e c h a n g e s , h o w e v e r, c an he worked out on roughly a break-even basis, White indicated. 
The only method that shows sav ­ ings in the im m ediate future is a proposal that includes a tem porary tax increase (from $1.65 to $2.4o per 
$1oo valuation) and would effect the transition in a single year. 
Whity d o e sn ’t like that plan be­ cause of the lax hike. 
Cost spreading 
White prefers another plan fram ing the tr a n s it io n in th r e e y e a r s bul spreading cost over about a 2o-year period to cover the life of a special $12 million bond issue. 
To th e p r o p e r ty o w n e r w ith a 
$2o,ooo hom e. that m e an s an added cost of about $5 a year or $1oo.14 for the life of the bonds. 
The tax hike called for in the one- year transition would add a one tim e 
$4o increase to the tax bill for the sam e $2o,ooo home 
White thinks council and the public both will balk at any tax increase to finance the fiscal and tax year tra n ­ sition system 
Oilier options 
His oilier change options all deal with larg er bond financing to cover tem porary revenue losses during the tax year shift 
VV In bother m aking anv change at all? i n t i m a t e l y , c l a i m s W h ite , th e change will help reduce San Xntoii* io n grow ing expense for borrow ing money, a cost that has clim bed 145 per cent in the past five years alone. 
White expects those costs to con­ tinu e so a rin g , p a rtic u la rly as San 
Antonio’s borrowing needs clim b in the future. 
This city, unlike v irtu a lly all others, has to borrow I rom the bank 

DEBORAH 
WESER 

I nun l i l y Hull 

 to pay for routine annual operations b e c a u se a c tu a l tax rev e n u e s now don’t start pouring til until the end of the fiscal year. White points out. 
“ We m ay be the only city in the cou n try w ith that kind of a r r a n g e ­ ment. I know w e’re the only m a jo r c i t y . ” th e fin a n c e d i r e c t o r c o m ­ plained. 
Shifting years 
He wants to cap the soaring money cost now before it’s too late. And he'd like to do it by shifting the tax year to Jan . I through Dec. 31 and altering the collection period. 
By s p e n d in g f i r s t . San A nto nio lacks the im p o rta n t belt-tig hten ing co ntro ls needed lo g u id e ex p en ses through the year. White has warned on several occasions. 
When revenues fail to com e in as expected, the city has to scram b le — as it did last y e a r w hen p ro p e rty taxes produced less than anticipated 
— lo m ake ends meet. 
City sta ffe rs, once th e tim e ta b le changes are in effect, will be able to protect revenues on a three-m onth basis not IO m on th s as now. W hite said. 
Authorized 

W ith t h a t as b a c k g r o u n d , C ity 
Council authorized White to produce som e recom m ended change m ethods for their attention. 
New City Mgr Tom H uehner still hasn't been briefed on the five m eth ­ ods White has devised nor has coun­ cil 
T he pub lic, m e a n w h ile , is being asked to clear the way for a change — by so m e m eth o d — in Saturday s election. Tho method will be selected later bv council and staff. 
W bite has failed to offer one option som e o thers have sug gested iii the past It would m oan imposing a spe­ cial ta x to p r o d u c e re v e n u e e a r ­ m arked tn a reserve fund to cover the cost of transition at som e tim e in the future. 
C o u p le d w ith th e tax w o uld be 

I 
1 2 7 7tfC AV I^OVmBNTJhTpEUVEZY 
Lim B p ; 
~ 
UBSI, 
TO CAW KT 

 rn rn is ibm- 
LONG L M f u rn! 

W A I SERV!CB HAS AH KI OUMrrh i k r t v r i J f t A P k r r / a / 

Tim e s ... 

 stringent economy m easu res at City 
Hall to keep m unicipal spending at its low est p o ss ib le level u ntil th e transition is accom plished. 
Hiring freeze 
All other options offered in W hite’s written report also require City Hall belt-tightening during the transition, including the present freeze on new hiring. 
To finance the transition, re g a r d ­ less of m etho d, San A ntonio needs between $1o million and $2o million to cover routine costs while convention­ al revenues are interrupted. 
Some observers feel a change in the c ity 's tax y e a r, as p ro p o s e d , will impose a heavy paym ent burden on the local taxpayer. Tax bills from the county, the school d istricts and the city will land on his doorstep at just about the sam e time, if the change is made, they point out. 
W h ite , m e a n w h ile , th i n k s th e three-year transition can be financed with as little as a $12 million bond is su e at an a n n u a l c o st of a b o u t 
$5(1(1.111)o for IO years. 
Almost matches 
That cost inst about m atches what th e city In p a y in g now to borrow money yearly, he pointed out. 
An White has outlined it. the actual transitio n sy stem he p re fers would proceed this way: 1o76 taxes, as nor­ m al. w ould fall d u e A pril I. 1o77. luxes for 1o77 would come due Jan. 
I. 1o78. but for only a seven-m onth period — June through D ecem ber, 
1o77 — not the full 12 months. 
No tax r a t e is c o n te m p la t e d to cover the revenue loss from a five- m o n th tax p e rio d . T h a t w ill be w orked out by floating th e special bond issue. White explained. 
The next tax bill would be due Oct. 
I, 1o78 — the new target date — and would cover all p ro p erty taxes for that year. The following hill, for 1o79. would arrive on Oct. I. 1o7o. and the change would be complete. 
W hile th e tax y e a r tra n s itio n is under way. the city's fiscal year also would be shifted slightly to run from 
Oct. I th ro u g h Sept. 3(1 in stead of 
Aug. I through July 31 ritim a te ly . according to White, the change m ight en cou rage m e rg e r of city and county tax collections here. 
That would help save the public som e additional costs of handling, he not­ ed. 

OW, f / R 
' 
_ _ 
Oh M GC 

This n e w s p a p e r w elco m es to tter* from it* ro o d o n . 
They should b e short, n o t o w 3 o o w ords, e n d th ey m ust be sinned. H ow ever, only reoders* initials will bo used st th e req u e st is m ode. U nsigned le tte rs will n o t b g p u b ­ lished. The p a p e r rese rv e s the ri^ht to ed it any le tte r tor length, good ta s te or leg al reasons, le tte r w riters m ust include th eir p ro p er ad d ress and telep h o n e num ber —. which will not be published — so the correct identity of th e w riter can be established. Send le tte rs to P.O. box 
2 1 7 1 , San Antonio, Texas 78 2 9 7 . 

Coastal replies 

Sir. I feel I m ust com m ent on p arts of vour editorial in the Sunday Ex- press-Nevvs (Dec. 26). I respect your right to editorialize, but som e of the statem ents purporting to be factual are not accurate. 

You say the July 14 settlem ent plan was “ scuttled’' by Coastal. The July 
14 plan was approved in principle by the bo ard of d ire c to rs of C oastal 
States Gas Corporation which was all anv of the parties were asked to do. 
As for any lack of com m itm ent on 
Coastal’s part, we advised the E x­ press-New s by telegram at the tim e you questioned that com m itm ent that there was no such lack. The July 14 plan was “ scuttled" because the San 
Antonio City Council elected to ignore the advice of its own attorneys and rejected the plan. 

You say Coastal’s “ a p p aren t" vic­ tory in the Eastland Court of Civil 
Appeals is a weak excuse for another round of bargaining. Read the c o u r t’s opinion. It should he patently obvious that the victory at 
Eastland is m ore real than apparent. 
Your own news c olu m n s rep o rted that it could void as m uch as $3o(1 million of the city’s claim. It seem s to m e this should be m ore than a w eak e x c u s e to r e - e v a lu a t e th e settlement package. 

You say San Antonio’s ease against 
Coastal is strong. T h at’s your editor­ ial opinion and I respect your right to say it. But I would like to point out that the volum es of testim on y on w hich you b a s e th a t o p in io n represent only one carefully chosen side of the ease. It might be m ore appropriate to hear the other side of the argum ent before you form such firm opinions. 
Robert \V. Wells 
Vice president, Coastal States Gas 
Producing Co. 

(NOTE: 
The July 
14 plan had general ag reem en t until Coastal 
States President Harry Blomquist said the proposal was subject to IOO per cent change.) 

 fjmiM 

■ ■ ■ W 
L a mf 
IM M GCR $ 
•mr MFM 

- 
WILL 
Sa 

LOO* NEM 

W 

P olitical football tries a single wing 

A c e le b r a t e d Ivy L eagu e football coach stunned a rival mentor last fall — for about four plays. 
He suddenly shifted his offense into the old single wing formation and it worked briefly until a fumble ended the charm . 
Something of the surprise aroused by that old-fashioned ploy infected 
Bexar political bigdom es last week. 
AHC attacks 

All of a sudden the Alliance for a 
B etter City c am e right out in the open w ith an a ll-o u t a tta c k on th e 1o-1 council d istrictin g plan which goes to voters next Saturday 
Could this In* a political version of the old Statue of Liberty play? 
What sort of hidden strateg y may lie beneath this move? 
On die face of it, and even several layers beneath the surface, it sim ply doesn t seem to m ak e sense. 
(iranted lhat a continuation of the 

KEMPER 
DIEHL 

I lit• 1‘n lilim In iii 

 present citywide selection of council m em b ers would be advantageous for a citywide, well-financed, e sta b lish ­ ment group like ABC. 
Money blitz 
G ranted also, that an old-fasluoned gam e plan of a last-m inute big-mon- ey blitz m ight defeat the am end m en t switching council selection to IO se­ parate districts. 
But why should an o rg a n iz a tio n w bleb hopes lo play a long-range role in e le c tin g city c a n d id a te s ta k e a chance of alienating big — often c ru ­ cial — blocs of voters? 
After all, a goodly n u m b er of old 
Good G overnment League types were 

 involved in the lau n c h in g of ABC. 
And they were ready for the change, in large part, because it was obvious that the initials GOL were poison to most voters south of H ildebrand Ave. 
The move against districts will now ind icate to M exican A m erican and black leaders supporting the change that ABC is simply taking up w here 
GOL left off. No m a tte r which way the Ja n . 15 election goes, ABC will have created enemies. 
GOL knew how 
Back in its good days, the old CGL knew how to handle such m a tte r s . 
For exam ple, when a large n u m b e r of 
CGL biggies wanted to oust County 
Ju dg e Charley Grace and destroy the old D em ocratic Coalition, they sim p ­ ly form ed a s e p a r a te o rg an iza tio n that did business for one cam paign. 
Already, contradictions are su rfac ­ ing in the ABC’ strategy. 
E m i s s a r i e s of s e v e r a l of A B C ’s backstage decision-m akers have p ri­ vately contacted the 1o-1 plan backers to disclaim connection with the 

 anti-districting fight for their bosses. 
And what of Dr. Jo se San M artin who has been co nsidered the likely 
ABC choice for m a y o ro 
Much of the p recinct organization that has been assem bled for him will be working the polls next Saturday, for the district proposal. 
Of course, if ABC wins the fight to defeat the c h a rte r change, the Justice 
D epartm ent can be expected to act to suspend the spring city election and 
ABC won’t have to worry about that cam paign. 
B ut if th e c h a r t e r c h a n g e go es th ro u g h , then th e c o n se rv a tiv e o r ­ ganization will have to hastily find candidates who will prom ise to m ake the new system wurk 

★ ★ ★ 

T he tab for those five new district courts being pushed by State Sen. 
F ra n k Lom bardino keeps rising and rising. 
And there are signs that the whole- thing could becom e un issue with 

 opponents c h arg in g that the court^ explosion needs trim m in g alm ost as m uch as L om bardm u’s fire and po­ lice sick pay bonanza. 
State Rep. Bob Vale, who m ay well be running against Lom bardino next 
•year, calculates that the new courts will cost taxpayers $75o,ooo a year just to operate. 
He contends that proponents of the courts have been anything but con­ siste n t, noting th a t in 1973 th e ir leaders argued no courts were need­ ed, but turned around and urged four courts in 1975. 
T here are, indeed, strong indica­ tions that the n u m bers g am e being played involves, not the volume of court business, but the need to ae- com m odate various influential a sp ir­ ants for the bench and their backers. 
Now com es the hidden cost of it all. 
The county proposes a new building 
— at a probable tab of $3 million — a c r o s s 
M ain 
A v e n u e fro m th e courthouse. 
It would m ake it possible lo house all those judges. 

Madia plan hit 

Sir: The legislative proposal by 
F r a n k M a d ia to h a v e th e s t a t e g o v ern m en t re im b u rs e c rim e v ic­ tim s for their losses by (lipping into the public purse is a travesty of justice and liberty. What this plan proposes is that if A robs B then the state should in effect rob (' to give B restitution for his loss. This m eans that we are going to institutionalize thievery in an attem pt to alleviate the m isery c a u se d by p rio r th ie v e ry against someone who failed to insure against theft or other crim inal acts. 

T he function of the g ov ern m en t when a crim e has been com m itted is to capture the crim inal and dem and that he redress the injuries he has caused or face dire punishm ent, lf the agents of the state are unsuc­ cessful in carrying out this task then we should seek to replace them with more effective agents of the law and not compound the original crim e by extending its effects to everyone else in society as Madia proposes. 

In the event thai a citizen lacks confidence in the ability of the state to com pel th e c rim in a ls to m ak e restitution to their victim s, he has an opportunity on the free m ark et to insure himself against future losses. 
For exam ple he may contract with an insurance company for loss due to crim inal acts, or form a neighbor­ hood association to assum e a group policy providing restitution in case of sim ilar losses. 

Madia s bill should be defeated because it is an unjust imposition on the taxpayer and offers nothing that could not lie obtained by insurance against the risk of crim inal trespass. 
This bill is also an im Ration to fraud, as unscrupulous people could easily band together to lodge claim s against the public purse for c rim es never actually com m itted. It is bad law and it is not worthy of serious considera­ tion. 
Robert Paul Sicurello 

Eelier scorned 

Sir T he letter by Bob Shultz (Jan. 
3) regarding Fay Stnkin was a cheap. silk hate letter. The tru th of the m atter is that the full im pact of Mrs 
S in k in g u n tirin g and unselfish e f­ forts to protect our precious w ater supply will he increasingly felt and appreciated in years to come. 
F uture generations will have the 
Aquifer P rotection A ssociation, of which she is a founder, to thank for pure drinking water. If this w ater supply is adequately safeguarded our grandchildren and their children will not have to drink m urky, chem ically tr e a te d , bud ta s tin g w a te r. Tile granchildren of Mr. Shultz, if he has any, m ight ever tx:* grateful. 
Mrs. William V. Savoie 

New TV idea 

Sir: I have just com e up with an idea for what I think would m ake a dandy television series. 
It will concern the head of a state police organization with a couple of aides who handle the big eases on a tropical Island. 
I have tentatively titled it “ Puerto 
Rico Five-One.” 
Do you th in k (’BS w ou ld be interested? 

K.M, 

5-H 

Most of the handicaps of older peo­ ple are physical; after all. they are old. 

Most of the handicaps of oldness in our society are social, conventional and imaginary. 
The physical changes are trifling by comparison. 
Old age as we sec it exists only in societies which create it by the way they classify people, and it could be abolished tomorrow by declassifying them (leaving some time to debrain­ wash everyone after that). 
“Old” people are people who have lived a certain number of years, and 

 that is all. Older people are in fact young people inhabiting old bodies and confronted with physical prob­ lems of reduced vigor, changing ap­ pearance and, although many escape these, specific disabilities which af­ fect sight and agility. But just as they have p h y sical p ro b le m s, so do younger people. 
I ' recall a panel on which th ere served a brilliant woman (foetor in her 
8os who was deaf and, for that reason, had difficulty joining in the discus­ sion. It was instructive to see how she was passed over as a contributor by people who would have taken trouble to ensure that a deaf women 

 of 2o was fully included. 
Unless we are old already, the next old people will be us. Whether we go along with that kind of trea tm e n t meted out to those who are now old depends upon how far society can sell us the bill of goods it sold them. 
No pill or re g im e known could transform the latter years of life as fully as could a change in our vision of age and a militancy in attaining that change. 
The real cure of being old, how­ ever, is the ejection from a citizen­ ship traditionally based on work. In other words, it is a demeaning idle­ ness, nonuse, not being called on any 

 longer to contribute, and hence being put down as a spent person of no public account, in stru c te d to run away and play until death comes out to call us to bed. 
The odd thing about this condition is that it is relatively recent 
Throughout history and iii most cultures the old person is a figure of recourse. 
There is the fisherman, now retired from fishing whom the village ne­ vertheless consults if the fishing goes sour, because he is the only one who saw this happen before. 
T here is the woman who has IO children and has delivered hundreds. 

 who knows what to do with a difficult labor. 
Any infirmity such people have is considered a misfortune to the com ­ munity. because it limits their con­ tribution 
Attitude change 

There are encouraging signs that the obnoxious stereotype of age, at least in its blackest form, is already out of date. 
Iii a study conducted in 1975 for the 
National Council on Aging by the 
Collis Harris Co., 74 per cent of the public saw the old as friendly and 
Chinese coup an anti-Mao move 

HONG KONG - The strug­ gle for power in Peking, ap­ parently, had all the ingre­ dients of a Chinese opera. 
The participants iii the dram a be­ haved more as if they were engaged in the petty intrigues of a bygone dynasty than iii the power politics of a modern state. 
For an account of these fascinating events, we consulted S ecretary of 
State Henry Kissinger and some of his top advisers. Then we flew to 
Ilong Kong to talk to the China watchers on the scene. 
What appears to have happened, as we reported in an earlier dispatch, was a posthumous coup against Mao 
Tse-tung. The old revolutionary was an unpredictable ruler who period- cally sought to purify his own go­ vernm ent with d isru p tiv e, revolu­ tionary campaigns. 
Most chaotic 

The most chaotic was the Cultural 
Revolution of 1966, a confrontation between the Red tiuards and the Old 
Guards. Encouraged by Mao. young idealists mocked and mobbed senior governm ent leaders. Som e of the most powerful figures in China were subjected to public humiliation. 
Mao evidently thought this was good for their revolutionary souls, but the experience reportedly left them deeply embittered. Not daring to oppose the formidable Mao, they submitted to is ideological demands. 
Mao used similar tactics to hold the m ilitary down. In 1971, he accused the fo rm er defense m in iste r, Lin 
Ciao, of plotting his overthrow. The army commanders suffered a severe loss of public prestige. 
Left to stew 

Thus. the senior bureaucrats and m ilitary com m anders w ere left to stew in private. They would later join forces a fte r 
Ills d e a th . 
But m ean w h ile. iii su b tle w ays 

JACK 
ANDERSON 

 tr a m II ii thin p ion 

 characteristic of the Chinese, they resisted Mao’s disruptions. They be­ lieved that practical policies and or­ derly development, rather than sheer ideological zeal, would be best for 
China. 
By 1974, the bureaucrats had re ­ gained control of the g o v ern m en t m achinery. But Mao continued to crack the ideological whip through his wife, Chiang Ching, who ex e r­ cised rigid, stifling control of the na­ tion’s cultural activities. 
Some analysts believe the present 
Beking line that the ambitious Ma­ dame Chiang manipulated Mao. But our sources are convinced that the ideological impetus, at least, cam e from the incurable old revolutionary himself. Ile also used Chang Chun* chiao, the chief political officer of the arm ed forces, to keep the m ilitary under subm ission, our sources re­ port . 
Chou’s student 

The late Prem ier Chou En-lai, the wily old pragm atist, groomed Tong 
Hsiao-ping to be his successor. This would have left the government in the hands of the senior b u re a u c ra ts , including victims of the Cultural Re­ volution and th e ir sy m p a th iz e rs . 
Teng himself became an ideological casualty. 
But Chou w as out rn .neuvered in the backrooms of Pekirg by Madame 
Chiang and her cohort». 
Again, it is u n certan exactly what role Mao played in these m anipula­ tions Some observers believe he had grown too old and incompetent to call the shots. There is evidence, certain­ ly. that he suffered lapses. 

But our sources believe he was lu­ cid enough to maintain control. 
In any event, they say that Madame 
Chiang tried to c a rry out the old m an’s mandate. 
Thus Teng was brought dow n a se­ cond time. In his place. Mao named 
Hua Kuo-feng aud sealed it with a handwritten note, declaring; “ With you in ch a rg e , I ’m at e a s e .” The ch a irm a n ’s prestig e was too en o r­ m ous for anyone to challenge the choice. 
Surprise move 

The sudden, surprise selection of 
Hua last April, say our sources, was a triumph for Madame Chiang. But it didn’t last long. As old Mao began to fade, the backroom intrigues intensi­ fied. 
The top bureaucrats and military commanders, who had been alienated by Mao in the past, began conspiring together. The deposed Teng. for ex­ am p le, w as co n sig n ed to a hot springs resort outside Canton. Intel­ ligence reports claim he got together th ere with D efense M in ister Veil 
Chien-ying. 
Mao had always taught that politi­ cal power came out of the barrel of a gun. So Madame Chiang, according to our sources, also sought the alle­ giance of the arm y. She made her play reportedly through the chief po­ litical officer. Chang Chun-chiao. 
Daughter 

According to one account, she even tried to use her daughter, Ll Na, to co m p ro m ise the a rm y . M ad am e 
Chiang reportedly complained to De­ fense Minister Yeh that her daughter had been made pregnant by an arm y m an and d em a n d e d th a t his son marry Li Na. 
But by the time Mao died on Sept. 
9. Hua reportedly recognized that the power was on the side of the sen­ ior b u reau crats and m ilitary co m ­ manders He actively joined the op- 
Whv Puerto Rico? 

WASHINGTON - Everyone was amazed when President 
Ford announced in V ail, Colo., that he wanted to make Puerto 
Rico the 51st state. 

Washington could riot figure out why the President chose to announce 
It just before he was leaving office 
For o n e thing, no one iii the capital, much less Puerto Rico, knew anyth­ ing about it. 
There hasn t been too much enthu­ siasm in Puerto Rico for becoming a state mainly because it would mean the Puerto Ricans would have to pay federal income taxes. 
Congress is not too thrilled about making Puerto Rico a state because it would mean pouring millions of dollars into the island that they were planning to give to New York City to hell) the Puerto Ricans there. 
Big question 

So the big question is what was on 
President Ford’s mind? 
I think I can tell you; Ford m is­ spoke. 
What he intended to propose was to make Poland the 51st state, but he said Puerto Rico by mistake 
Ever since his debate with Jimmy 
Curter, Ford has given great thought to Poland. 

I ii t h e debate lie announced that the 
Polish people were not under the do­ mination of the Soviet Union 
Many people, particularly in the 
Am erican Polish com m unity, took umbrage with this statem ent and 

ART 
BUCHWALD 

Tin• lip lilr r »<</<> 

 some said it was Ford s biggest gaffe in the campaign 
Would prove it 

This rankled Ford and he decided he would prove to the American peo­ ple that he was right and they were wrong about P o la n d ’s position in world affairs. 
He didn’t know how to dramatize it though 
Had he been re-elected he planned to ask Poland to join NATO. 
But since he lost he had to think of something cise. 
Last week, while he was skiing at 
Vail, he took a bad spill and as he tu m b led down the hill he got a brainstorm. 
Why not m a k e P o lan d the 51st stale? 
T h is would show e v e ry o n e he hadn’t goofed on TV arid that he was serio u s about his w arm fee lin g s toward the Polish people 
It would m ake sense to have an 
American state right on the Soviet ixirder and would screw up the War­ saw Pact something fierce. 
As soon as the President returned to his chalet he told his wife, “ Betty, 

 the last act I’m going to do as Presi­ dent is to m a k e P o lan d the 51st state.” 
“ T h a t’s n ic e,” Mrs. Ford said. 
“ Have your told anybody?” 
“ Nope. I f s going to be my s u r ­ prise. I’m going to go out now and announce it to the press." 
"Don’t slip," Mrs. Ford said It s awfully icy on the steps." 
The President went outside where the press stood frozen, waiting for any tidbit of news. 
"I am happy to announce," Ford said, "that i’m going lo recommend making Puerto Rico our 51st state." 
Everyone dashed to the telephone. 
Puerto Rico 
It was only after they had disap­ peared that an aide said to Ford, 
"Puerto Rico?” 
“ I m e an t P o la n d ,” F o rd said . 
"D idn’t I say Poland?” 
“ No, you said Puerto Rico.” 
"Why would I want to make Puerto 
Rico a state?” the President said 
“ T h at’s what I was going to ask you,” the aide replied. , 
"Oh. well,” Ford said, it s too late now if I retract my statement both the P u erto R icans and the Polish people will he mad at me. We better let it go.” 
“ Don’t you think you ought to no tify Puerto Rico?" 
“ Why? They’ll read about it in the newspapers. I can ’t understand why J would say Puerto Rico when I meant 
Poland. Maybe U s because they both start with a P. Well, let’s get back to the ski run, W e’ve only got a few more vacations days to go.” 

 position to the* M aoists who had brought him to power. 
Tnt* contentious Madame Chiang, according to a reliable report, tele­ phoned Hua. “ You want to throw me out when Chairman Mao’s rem ains have not yet turned cold,” she com­ plained bitterly. “ Is this the way to show your gratitude for the kindness rendered to you by Chairm an Mao, w ho promoted you? 
The coup cam e less than a month after Mao’s death. It was carried out by the Peking garrison on the night of 
Oct. ti. Members of Mao’s family, who had been closest to him, were arrested separately. They included his widow, Madame Chiang, and his nephew, Mao Yun-hsin. The nephew reportedly put up a brief struggle. 
Mao’s daughter, Lin Na, may also be under military guard. 
T he m ilita ry po litical o ffic er. 

Chang Chun-chiao, was arrestee . Sa w ere two other lo yalists who, to ­ g eth er with the widow, have now been vilified acro ss China as the 
“ gang of four." 
Our sources describe this group as 
M ao’s tru e ideological heirs. The move against them, say our sources, constituted a military coup against the dead Mao 

T h ere w as s tro n g p erso n a l h o stility , they say , a g a in st the 
M aoists. The triu m p h a n t b u r e a u ­ crats and arm y commanders, there­ fore, sought rev en g e a g a in st the young party workers who had hum i­ liated them and, in some eases, dis­ placed them IO years ago. 
The r e s u ltin g p u rg e and th e resistan ce to it, according to our sources, have caused the upheavals now rocking China. 

 warm, 64 per cent as wise from ex­ perience, ll per cent as physically active, 55 per cent as effectual and proficient, 29 per cent as alert, but only 21 per cent as adaptable and only 
5 per cent as sexually active, 
This im plies a su b stan tial shift from myth to reality 
U nfortunately, many public a tti­ tudes arc still p red ic ate d on the iiiytli 
Significantly, while 82 per cent of the people between Pi and 64 reck­ oned 65-and-over se n io rs to be friendly, only 25 per cent over 65 thought their fellow seniors to be so 
Five per cent of the young thought of the old as "very sexually active." 6 per cent of the old thought so of old people generally and ll percent were so themselves 

I i i fact, although the poll showed a surprising proportion of American seniors to he socially and econom i­ cally contented and happy with the latter years of their lives, there is a hint that others have been imprinted with the negative attitude to th em ­ selves and to their age which fear of aging generates. 

We can’t take the pain out of the facts that humans aren ’t immortal or indefinitely disease-proof, or that illnesses accumulate as we age. 
We can, however, wholly abolish the m ischievous idea that afte r a fixed age we become different, im ­ paired or nonpeople. 
The start of this dem ystification has to be in our own rejection of it for ourselves, and then in our refusal to impose it on others. 

MONDAY in the Express: How To 
Battle the Old Age Blahs 

Paul Cartwright 
DOUBLED HIS CHANCES* 

On October 24, 1976, Mr. 
Paul 
Cartwright, of a local realty firm, decided to double his chances of selling a house for one of his clients. He placed an ad in the Express-N ew s 
Classifieds, the largest classified section in 
South Texas. 

* On October 3o, in less than a week, the house was sold. 
This is just another success story in the 

(MoI J av wmmm 
«na iiak wk irfrfiia at a o i hie oi Express and News Classifieds. 

Call 225-1666 and 

Express and News Classified Ads Mean 
Fast Results! 

Physical changes 

JOHN W A YN E, the victor in a thousand fictional fights, was 57 when, in 1964, he met and d e­ feated the darkest of adversaries, 

 trifling 

 portunity to have it because they are fully able to enjoy it. 

After 65 your mind deteriorates and you can expect to get senile. 
In fact the only thing that declines ’a little is speed of response; there is no change, normally, in intelligence and little in memory. 
Any blunting we do see in the ab­ sence of actual disease commonly 

 cancer. Five years later he won an 
Academy Award for his starring role in “ True Grit.” His career as an actor spans 5o years and more than 2oo feature-length films, I 7 of them am ong the greatest money-earners in the history of the cinema. He is the oldest per­ son ever to win the best actor Os­ car. 

 results from put-downs, boredom and exasperation. 
About one per cent of all people becom e “ d e m e n te d ” or “ s e n ile ” 
—less than the percentage who go insane at earlier ages. 
Stereotypes o f age are obsolete 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
S u n d a y January 9 I 977 
Page 

O P E N IM O 

W E D 
A T H O U S A N D C L O W N S , 
In rlp a u ln 
D in n e r 
T h ea te r. 
?A S? lo rn c v Rf) . Ft. S o m H o u sto n . J?! 
IBA 
N o n c o n f o r m is t fo rc e d to irite for k id d ie TV sh o w b r e e k s lose 
W e d Sot th ro u o h 
F e b 
S ipen of 6 3o. buffet of J, sh o w at 
IS W e d A T hue JA SO. F r i A Sot at J/ 
R e se r v a t io n s 
W E D : S C A P I N O , T rin ity T herd er 
Orre, 
736 851 5. 
D a l l a s 
T h e a t e r 
C c h ? c r p r o d u c t io n 
W e d S a t th ro u g h Jan. 22 At 8 IS $2 54 
T H U R 
K I N D 
L A D Y . ^ T r in it y 
Atttc Tw o, 7358515 O ld L a d y foils a b lo t a g a in s t h e r . w o r k s h o p p ro d u ctio n 
T h u r Sot th ro u g h J o n 
22 At 8 IS. i i J ? 
F R I 
F O R T Y C A R E T S . T h eate r 
S a n A n to n io , 73? 81 o1. M id d le a g e d la d y in love w ith y o u n g e r m a n 
T h ro u g h J a n 16 A J a n 
19 ?3 
At 
8 15 e xce p t 2:3o on Su n 
W e d Sat 
54 5, stu d e n ts A se n io r c itiz e n s 
J? 5o, S u n $3 5o 

F R I . : G A S L I G H T G A I E T I E S - n d o ld f a s h i o n e d 
M e l o d r a m a v e n l n q . M e l o d r a m a 
T h e a t e r , 
H e m is F o ir P la za . 2 2 4 H A J G o v 9os a n d R o a r in g '7 o s s o n g s a n d sk its a lo n g w ith a m e lo d r a m a sp o o f 
T h ro u g h Feb. ?n. F r i & Sat at 8 15 
SO Su n ct A 15, $2 $3 

C l H R E M T T H E t T E H 

J A N 
9 
C A M I N O R E A L , T rin ity 
T h e a te r O n e , ? ?4 S S I? 
T e n n e s se e 
W illia m s' p la y p re se n te d b y p ro le s sional to u rin g c o m p a n y , The A c tin g o m p a n y 
A t 2 IO. $7 SO $12 5o 
Tickets at all J o s k e s sto re s 

J A N 
9, 
I I H 
T H E 
F A N T A S 
T I C K S 
C h u rc h 
Theater, ll SO 
S 
A la m o at W ick e s, 224 48oS M u s ic a l a bout a rc h e ty p a l b oy m e ets girl, etc 
T u es th ro u g h Su n till J a n 
IS 
O p e n s a l A 3o, buffet at 7. sh o w at 
8 IS 
S u n p e rfo rm a n c e w ith fre e c h e e s e a n d w in e o n ly a t 
3 
T u e s T h u r $8 95. F r i A Sat S9 95, 
S u n $5, G ro u p r o le s 

T U E S , 
W F D 
A 
F R I 
E V E R ­ 
Y T H I N G 
B U T 
T H E 
K I T C H E N 
S I N K , E le m e n ta r y sch oo l c o n c e rts, 
T h e a te r fo r 
P e r f o r m in g 
A r t s . 
223-5591. H a r v e y G a rb e r c o n d u c t 
Ing 
The Sa n A n to n io S y m p h o n y s p e rc u ssio n se ction st a r s o s hon o re d so lo ists 
12 A 14 at 9 25 a n d 
IO 45 a rn . J a n l l at 9 25. IO 45 A 
I 3o 
Th ea te r for the P e r fo r m in g 
A rts, a d u lts 
J I 5o, c h ild re n 
75 cents 
W E D 
R I E N Z I 
P R E V I E W , 
L u tc h e r Center C a r r ia g e H o u se . A3A 
Iv y 
Lan e , 
822 3o3o 
H e ra ld 
Sta rk will le ctu re on o p e ra to be p re se n t ed later this m o n th b v sy m p h o n y 
At 1o a rn , JI SO 
S A T 
U P 
W I T H 
P E O P L E ! 
L a u r i e 
A u d i t o r i u m , 
T r i n i t y 
U n iv e rsity , 225 521 1, ext 
54 
A d 

V a n c e ticke ts $2 $4 of all J o s k e 's A 
S e a r s ' sto res. P r ic e s J I h ig h e r at door 

N E X T 
S U N 
C H A M B E R 
A R T S 
E N S E M B L E , M c N a v A rt Institute, 
Aooo N 
N e w B ra u n fe ls, 824 5368 
At 
3. F re e 
N E X T S U N 
K A R L L E I F H E I T , fa cu lty p ia n o recital, 
R u th 
T a y lo r 
C o n c e rt H all, T rin ity U n iv e rs it y 
At 
3. F re e 

 i i d i t i o x s 

M O N 
A 
T U E S 
T H E Y 
S H O O T 
H O R S E S . D O N T 
T H E Y ? M u lt i 
P u r p o se Ro o m , T rin ity U n iv e rs it y 
At I A 9 3o 75 c e n ts stu de n ts, 51 25 p ublic 
T U E S 
P U R S U I T 
O F 
H A P P I ­ 
N E S S and N A T I O N A L G A L L E R Y 
O F 
A R T , 
P A R T ll. 
T h ird 
M o m 
A u d ito riu m , 
S a n 
A n to n io 
M a in 
L ib r a r y . 2o3 S St. M a r y s At 12 15 
A I 
F re e 
T H U R S S A T 
S C I E N C E 
F I C 
T I O N 
F I L M 
F E S T I V A L 
F A R 
H E N H C I I 
JST 
T H I N G S 
T O 
C O M E 
W A R 
O f 
T H E 
W O R L D S . 
A N D R O M E D A 
S T R A I N a n d 
M E T R O P O L I S . 
M u lt i P u r p o s e 
R o o m , 
T r i m l y 
U n iv e r s it y . 
715 
S t a d iu m 
D r iv e 
P h o n e 73A /AIS (or pr ire a n d tim e s 
S U N 
K L U T E . 
M u lt i P u r p o s e 
R o o m , T rinity U n iv e rs it y At 3, 7 A 
9 IO 
75 c en ts stu d e n ts a n d J I 25 public 

AT 
TH EA TER 
S A N 
A N T O N IO — 
M a r y 
D enm an stars in 
“ Forty 
C arets" at Theater San An­ tonio beginning Friday. See 
Stage and Hoopla. 

 doc bes. AS T 7241 
At 2. $2 5o adu lts, 
$2 c h ild re n 
N E X T 
S U N 
A S I A T I C 
R U S S I A 
A N O O U T E R M O N G O L I A , A la m o 
H e ig h t s 
H iq h 
Sc h o o l 
A u d . 
69oo 
B r o a d w a y , 
22 6 5o1o 
L e c t u r e tra v e lo g 
(lim b v 
D r 
A r t h u r 
C 
T w o m c v 
A f 3 JJ 7S 
N E X T S U N 
C R A F T S I N 
T H E 
P A R K , H a r la o d a le P o rk locatpo o n 
B r i a r 
A 
S h a n n o n 
S t r e e t s 
I OO 2:45. F re e 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
F I N E 
A R T S 
C E N T E R . 3141 
N a c o g d o c h e s R d . 
653 7241 
DOV a n d e v e n in g c la ss e s in o rt. b a lle t, m o d e r n d a n c e , d r a m a , g u it a r, 
A w e a v in g tor c hild ren , tee ns ?. a d u lts 
C a n for m o re in fo rm a tio n 

R E P L A Y S : After a Christ­ m a s s e a s o n w hich h as hardly seen any live theater in town e x c e p t C h u rch 
T h e a t e r ’s “ T h e F a n t a s - tieks,” finally there com es a w eek w ith liv e s t a g e perform ances bursting out like an early spring 
Five plays will be open­ ing in San A ntonio this week 
A fter a w e e k ’s d e la y . 
Melodrama Theater will be o p e n in g 
“ G a s lig h t 
( l a i t i e s , ” an e v e n in g of m elo d ram atic spoofs and old-fashioned vaudeville. 
At the Harlequin Dinner 
T h e a te r th e com ed y “ A 

 i n«)us.inu clow ns is open­ in g 
W edn esd ay.' 
T im 
Laughter, Parck y Gorman and J e a n e t t e M o rn e u a u sta r in the play about a television w riter trying to break out of the conformist trap. 
Two plays arc opening at 
T r in it y U n iv e r s ity . T h e 
Dallas Theater Center will be down our way this week to open “ S c a p in o ,” a Mo­ lie r e f a r c e re v ie w e d by 
Dallas papers as a “ lively, baw d y play . . ‘ a to ta l delight . . . ” 
Also at T rin ity will he 
“ Kind Lady,” a product of 
F r a n k J a r r e t t ’s d r a m a workshops. The play is a thriller about an old woman whose house is taken over by thugs. 

Friday T h ea ter San An­ tonio opens 
“ Forty 
C ar­ ets.” Starring two local TV personalities. Bob Coop and 
Mary Denman, the play is about an older woman in love with a younger man. 
.See Stage f o r details. 

S C U L P T U R E F O R F U N : 
•Jamie 
M a v e r ic k ’ s sculptures a re n ’t only art; they’re fun too. 
W hether th e y ’re a giant tube of ttothpaste or a m o­ veable M arilyn Monroe or 
Charlie Chaplin, the scu lp­ tu r e s a r e a g r e a t c r o s s between art and toys. 
An exhibit of her works is c u r r e n t ly at th e B r ig h t 
Shawl Gallery. 

S ee G allery fo r m ore in­ fo. 

S U N f o r 
O N C E 
U P O N a 
M A T T R E S S , 
F o r t 
S a m 
H o u sto n 
P la y h o u s e . 
W o r t h 
R d . 
F I 
S a m 
H o u sto n , 221 J I S A 
Sin g e rs, d a n c e r s a n d a c t o r s n e e d e d for 
F e b r u a r y p ro d u ctio n At 7 
N E X T 
S U N 
A 
J A N 
17 for 
S P I R A L 
S T A I R C A S E , 
H a r le q u in 
D in n e r 
T h e a te r, 
H a r n e y 
R d . 
Ft 
S a m H o u sto n . 221 2186 
F o u r m e n a n d f o u r w o m e n n e e d e d fo r p ro d u ctio n r u n n in g F e b 23 A/ar 
19 
P e r f o r m e r s w ill be p a id At 7 

J A N 
22 
T E O 
N U G E N T , C on volition 
C e n te r 
A r e n a 
A ls o two gu e st p e r fo r m e r s lo be a n n o u n c e d 
A f 
/ lo. 
I if k r i s at an 
J o s k e s. 
B e low the B e lts, D is c o v e r y R e c o rd in Sa n M a r c o s a n d In n e r 
S a n c tu m in A u stin 

M O N 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
S Y M 
P H O N Y , 
L a u r ie 
A u d , 
271 5591 
G u e st c o n d u c to r 
T h r o A lc a n t a ra 
G ue st so p ra n o C a r m e n B a lth ro D 
A l 7 .1o, $4 JA 5o 

5 U N 
M A G I C I S L A N D S O F T H E 
W O R L D , A g a d a A c h im S y n a g o g u e 
A u d , 
17o1 
D o n a ld s o n 
L e c tu re slid e sh o w b y L e o n a r d a n d S h irle y 
Ste rlin g A l 8 F rec 
M O N 
W A T E R C O R 
L E C T U R E , 
Sa n A n to n io A rt Institute. 6ooo N 
N e w B ra u n fe ls 
Slid e le ctu re sh aw b v E d w a r d 
B o ffs 
At 7 lo J I 
T U E S : 
L E C T U R E 
O N 
C O N 
C R E T E 
P O E T R Y , b v 
F r a n k k e r s n o w s k i. S a n A n to n io M u s e u m of 
M o d e rn 
A rt, 
SJ I 
W est 
W o o d la w n 
At 8 99 cent don ation 
T U E S : 
O U R R O O T S I N S P A I N , 
M c N a v A r t In stitu te , 6ooo N 
N e w 
B ra u n fe ls, 824 6424 Slid e le rtu re b v 
G e o rg e a n d B o n n ie C a r m a c k 
At 2 
F rec 

S A T 
M A G I C S H O W . Sa n A n to n io 
F in e 
A r t s 
C e n t e r , 
3141 
N a c o g 

O P E S IM . 

S U N 
C O P P I N I A C A D E M Y O F 
F I N E 
A R T S . 
H S ZAsdrose n o t e 
Sc u lp tu re s b y D r 
W a ld in u Touch. 
T h ro u o h 
J a n 
31 
Tea h o n o rin g a rtist So n 2 5 F ree 
T U E S 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R U R S U L I N C G A L L E R Y , 
3oo A u g u sta 
C e r a m ic s b y D e n n is 
Sm ith 
O p e n in g 
7o9 
7 9 
T u e s 
C o n tin u in g 
M o n F r i 
11 3 t h ro u g h 
Ja n J I 
F re e 

< I l ( K E ) T E X l i m n s 

A R T & 
F R A M E 
M A R T 
N o 
I, 

D A LLA S THEATER S H O W — in the Dallas Theater Center's 
Hoopla. 

81o2 
B ro a d w a y 
O ils b v 
R o b e rt 
H a r r is o n a n d B etty A lliso n 
M o n 
Sa t 1o-6 

UNDER FED ARTIST 
ART SALE 
THIS SU N D A Y O NLY 

NO THING OVER *35 
(IN C LU D IN G tCAUTIFUL SOE A SIZE R A N T IN G S) 

MOST UNDER 
$ 2 
o 

FINE ART FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD 
IDEAL FOR GIFTS 
SUNDAY 1o:oo A.M. - 5:oo P.M. 
FREE ADMISSION 
SA X AXTO N M I 
C O N V E N T IO N C E N T E R 
(A T M A RK ET A N O A L A M O STREETS) 

D IN N E R 
S H O W — 
Pocky G o rm a n , 
Tim othy 
Lau ghte r a n d 
Jeanette 
M orneau star in 
A Thou­ sand C low ns" opening at 
Harlequin Dinner Theater. 
See Stage and Hoopla. 

A R T A F R A M E M A R T N o 2. 67o 
N orth 
Sta r 
M a ll 
O ils b y 
H a ze l 
M a s s e y . 
J o e 
P e a c o c k . 
J o s e 
V iv e s A t s a r a a n d 
A lb e rto 
M e z a 
M o n Sat IO A 
A R T I S A N S A L L E Y , 555 Batters 
R o o d 
M a r k e t p la c e of o v e r 
2o s h o p s w ith p r o f e s s io n a l a r t is t a n d o r c ra ftsm e n in re sid e n c e 
T u e s Sot IO 5. 3o. Su n I 5 
B R I G H T S H A W L G A L L E R Y , 819 
A u g u s t a 
J a im e 
K il lia n , w o o d sc u lp tu re ; 
T e rr y C a ro rt. e n a m e ls 
A w a te rc o lo rs 
IO a rn 
- 2 d r n . 
M o n F ri 
C L U T T E R W O O O 
G A L L E R Y , 
53o9 M c C u llo u g h 
P o in tin g s, d ra w m as, p h o to g ra p h s A lim ite d od* 
H o n g r a p h i c s b y 
C h r i s t i n e 
A m o r g e r . 
N e llie 
B u d . 
R ic h a r d 
F lelden, 
C a n n y 
G e is le r . 
D m it r i 
P e tro v . J e a n S o ria n o , Su e S h ie ld s o n d 
G e o r g e 
S t u m b e r g 
M o n Sot 
1o 6, S u n I 5. 
C O R N E R 
G A L L E R Y . 
4th 
8, 
M a in . 
B la n c o P a in t in g s of the H ill 
C o u n try b v hill c o u n t ry a rt ist s 
D a ily IO A, S u n b v a p p o in tm e n t 
G A L L E R I A 
3o7 
H O U S E 
O F 
A R T S . 3o/ H e m is F o ir P la z a W a y 
A ll m e d iu m s b y A r d y t h H a e c k e r , 
C o n n ie 
H a e se . 
O C 
G ilb e rt. 
F lo 
Scott, A n n M tse h e r. j e a n P orre tt, 
A n n a b e lla P o rte rfie ld . P a t G ir a r d 
M o n Sot 12 5 C a ll 221 o5?/ 
C L A S S E R S 
A R T 
G A L L E R Y , 
? l ? l 
N 
M a in A v e 
N e w g a lle r y a rtists Je a n M o rtm , B r ia n O o n lo n . 
E d n a H ib ei 
Otis. w a t e rc o lo rs o n d p a ste ls b y C la y M c G a u g h y . C o r don W est. E d W iH m a n n . B ill / o n e r, t A 
H e r b c s , ly o n 
M c D o n g a !, 
L o r r y 
A n sc h u tz . 
G ilb e rt 
D u r a n , 
Sa n to D u ro n , N a n c y H a w k in s a n d 
M ic k e y C a rlis le 
M o n Sot 9 6 
G R A P H I C S 
G A L L E R Y , 
4o1 I 
C o m m e rc e 
W o o d c u ts b v R ic h a r d 
C on n , 
S u m i p a in t in g s b v 
H e le n 
Fe ste r, p rin ts a n d p o s te rs 
T u e s 
W e d 
11 5 IO, 
T b u r s Sa t 
119, Su n 
I A 
H E L O T E S 
A R T 
G U I L D . 
1o6o3 
B a n d e r a R o o d 
W o r k s h o p s in p ro ai e ss 
P h o n e 
695 9141 
T u e s Su n 
I 5 
I N S T I T U T E 
O F 
T E X A N 
C U L ­ 
T U R E S , 
H e m is F o ir 
P la z a 
W a y 
M a n d a te 
R o g e r s 
E x h ib it t r a c in g the h isto ry ot r a n c h in g in T e x o s in fo n iu n c tio n w ith R o g e r s ' b oo k on the sa m e su b ie ct 9 5 T u e s Su n 
O A K W E L L B R A N C H L I B R A R Y , 
4114 H a r r y W u rz b o c h R d 
D r a w lo g s 
A o ils b v 
P e g g y * H ic k m o r 
M o n F r i 9 9, sa t 9 a 
* 
O D Y S S E Y 
G A E R I E S. 
2 2 22 
B r e e z e w o o d 
R e c e n t w o r k s b v 
D ru siH o P to n n e stie l a n d O G e o r g e 
P in t o 
T u es Sat, 11 5 
P R I T C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
G A L L E R Y , 
224 N o rth S t a r M a ll 
o11 D o in tm a s t v C a r l Sm ith , w a te rc o lo rs b y R o n n ie W e lls, d ra w m g s b v D o r y I D e a f M o n W e d IO A. 
T b u rs Sa t IO 9 
R I V E R A R T G R O U P . SIO P a s e o de la V illita 
C h a n g in g e x h ib it of p a in tin g s g a d c ra fts Ir a n i (he m o re than 6oo a rt ist s ot the g r o u p D a ily 
1o 5, S u n I?p 5 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
A R T 
I N S T I ­ 
T U T E , 6ooo N 
N e w B r a u n f e ls 
A n e xh ib itio n b y stu d e n ts in the ga l le iy 
M o n F r i 9 4, S a l 9 12. 
S A N A N T O N I O M A I N L I B R A R Y . 
2o3 S St 
M a r y s. OU p o in tin g s b y 
R ic h a r d W e e rs ot C o n v e rs e 
M o n 
F r i 9 9, Sot 9 A, S u n I 5 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
M U S E U M 
O F 
M O D E R N 
A R T , 
531 
W e st 
W o o d lawn. 
T h re e p e rso n sh o w 
D a v id 
Store y, F e lip e R e y e s, G e r r y F ro st. 
F r i Sun, 1o 5 
S I G O L O F F 
G A L L E R Y , 
St 
A n th o n y H otel 
R o p e r! W o o d. D o n 
W a r r e n , 
P o r f ir t o 
S a lin a s , 
J o s e 
V iv e s A t s a r a . 
M a g r e e n 
T o ro z o n , 
R o lla 
T a y lo r , 
S b o re ile , 
D a lh a r t 
W m d b e rg, F lo re a t B a e c k e , 
F r ie d 
P ol, M a r c e l D vf. E d o u a r d C orte z. 
Ru th A n d e rso n , D o n olci Y e n a . Jim 

D e u tsc h M o n Sot l l 5 
S O L D E L R I O, 1o2o T o w n se n d 
D r a w in g s , lilh o a r o p h s . e tc h in g s, w e a v in g s, sc u lp tu re , c e r a m ic s a n d le w e lry 
M o n Sot 9 .3o 5:3o 
S O U T H W E S T C R A F T C E N T E R 
G A L L E R Y , 42o P a s c o de la V illita 
S e le c t e d fin e c r o f t s f r o m the 
So uth w e st a re a 
D a ily 1o 5.3o 
S O U T H W I N D 
A R T 
G A L L E R Y . 
1114 
M c C u ll o u g h 
O ils b y 
R o d 
G oe b el. 
D a lh a rt 
W m d b c rq , 
D o n 
C m co n e. P ro t irlo S a lin a s , lo a n e rs b v E s c a r lin ; w a te rc o lo rs b y R ile y a n d 
B a r r o n 
L a r g e se lection of g ra p h ic s b v in te rn a tio n a lly k n o w n a rtists. T u e s F r i 9: 3o 5: 45. Sat IO 5 
T E J A S G A L L E R Y , 1o2o5 O a sis, 
Ste 
N o 
1o7. So u th w e ste rn p aint lu g s b y A n n C o r lv o n M o n F r i IO 5. 
Sot b y a cp t 
T H E 
G A L L E R I E 
O F 
F I N E 
A R T S . 342 W 
721am S t . 
F r e d c r ic k s b u r g F e a tu r in g T e x o s a rtists, a r t is a n s & c ra ftsm e n 
IO A daily. 
M o n Su n 
T R I N I T Y 
U N I V E R S I T Y , 
715 
S t a d iu m 
D r iv e 
C o a t e s 
C e n te r. 
P h o t o g r a p h y in 
P r in t m a k in g , 
Jan. 
1o31; 
F e r d in a n d 
R o tcn 
G a lle rie s, o r ig in a l p rin ts, exhib it & sole. J o n 27 
W E S T F A L L 
B R A N C H 
L I ­ 
B R A R Y , A t li R o se d a le C o u rt 
O 'l p o in tin g s b v 
R u th D u n c a n 
M o n 
F r i 9 9, Sat 9 6 

T i X A S m m 
C H O IR 

HOBERT FINSTER. CONDUCTOR 

< 
NJ 
< 

M A R K E T 
£ s 

 o r n 

< 
J 
(/> 
< 
H E M l S r A IR 
OC 
CL 
< 
P L A Z A 

 d u r a n 6 6 

SPONSORED BV THE UNDER FED ARTIST GROUP 
ITM NJ. tOOF 41o, RMTI IIH, SAW ANTONIO, T im 7o217 

J > Hm h 

Juhnnnr* Brahm * 

J im-lib lins tin 

Motet. Lobef den H e rm 

Motel I) Helium !, rein. tile H i linnet auf 

Mo vs in It Minor (Lo rd Selman) 

Soloists 

Elite Kaufman, soprano 

I bouilli Si’hesta, tenor 

 bet erly G ottingham , alto 

H illiard K una, bast 

3 m-i nice C ha m ber Chorus 

O rt lo st rn 

SI 
NUA 
Y. 
JANUARY9. HAH) I’ M. 

ST. 
LUKES EPISCOPA Cill RCII 

 l l Si L u k e * Lune 
Nan Antonia 

ART EX H IBIT — 
"Y e a r's Su p p ly " is a sculpture by Jamie 
Maverick on exhibit at the Bright Shawl Gallery. See 
Gallery and Hoopla. 

W O N D E R L A N D 
A R T 
G A L 
L E R Y , 
246 
W o n d e rla n d 
Sh o p p in q 
C ity . 
J o s e 
V iv e s A t s a r a , 
P o rfirio So lin o s, D o n W a rre n . W A 
S la u g h t e r , 
M a u r e e n 
T a r a z o n , 
F lo r c n t 
B a e c k e . 
L a r r y 
P re H o p . 
P a u l 
B u r k i e , 
B i l l y 
S a a t h o f f , 
C la u d io 
S o s o . 
R u t h 
A n d e r s o n , 
W a r re n 
H u n te r. 
R o b e rto 
S h a r p 
M o n , T h u r s & F r i 1o 8; Tues. W e d 
A Sot IO A 

Robert A. Smith, Cliff Samuelson and Earl J. Fisher star 
Scapino, " opening at Trinity University. See Stage and 

M C N A Y A R T I N S T I T U T E , 6ooo 
N N ee B ra u n fe ls. 824 5368 S y lv a n a n d M a r y 
L o n g C olle c tion . 
19th a n d 7oth 
C e n tu ry p o in tin g s a n d sc u lp t u r e f r o m th e p e r m a n e n t colle ctio n . 
G o th ic a n d m e d ie v a l a rt (ro m the O p o e n h e im e r C olle c lion 
T u e s Sot 9 5, S u n 2 5 c lo se d 
M on. 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
M U S E U M 
O F 
T R A N S P O R T A T I O N , 
H e m is F o i r 
P la z a 
W a y. 
22 A I2o 1 
P e rm a n e n t e x h i b it o f v a r i o u s m o d e s ot tra n sp o rta tio n a n tiq u e c la s s ic c a r s , h o r s e d r o w n c a r r i a g e s , stre e tca rs. W o rld W a r I " J e n n y " a i r p l a n e . o n l y a u t h e n t i c sta g e c o a c h m 
T e x a s 
D a ily 
IO A, v o lu n ta ry c o n trib u tio n s su g g e s te d a d u lts 5o cents, c h ild re n 25 cen ts 
W I T T E 
M E M O R I A L 
M U S E U M , 
38o1 
B ro a d w a y , 
876 o647. 
S p e c ia l e xhib it of ten p a in t in g s fro m the 
D o u g h e rty C o r r A r t s 
F o u n d a tio n , 
In c lu d in g w o r k s b y C ha ga l!.. D u ty o n d 
R e n o ir, th ru Jan. 
31. 
A ls o con tin u in g . 
So n A n to n io is , . ," in t e r p r e t iv e m u lti im a g e e x h ib it a b o u t e x c itin g 
S a n 
A n to n io p re se ate d in a u n iq u e th e a tre g a lle r y e n v iro n m e n t 
W e e k d a y s 9 5, w ee k e n o s 1o6. v o lu n t a ry c o n trib u tio n s su g g e ste d a d u lts 
5o cen ts, chil d re n u n d e r tw e lve 25 c en ts 

H I S T O R IC sj.v . o x t o x i o 

T H E M I S S I O N S . To tour the fo ur m issio n s, follow the M n s io n T ra il m a r k e r s b e g in n in g a t 
R o o se v e lt 
A v e n u e o n d M is s io n 
R o a d , 
R o o se ve it P a r k 

J O S E 
N A V A R R O S T A T E 
H I S ­ 
T O R I C S I T E , 728 S. L a re d o , h o m e ot fa m o u s 
T e x a s patriot, o w n e d o n d m a in ta in e d b v T e x a s P o r k s A 
W ildlife D e p t M o n son 1o 4. a d u lts 
25 cents, c h ild re n 6 1? ten cents, c h ild re n u n d e r 
6 free. 
G u id e d to u rs 
O L O S A N A N T O N I O E X H I B I T , 
H isto ric sc e n e s of O ld So n A n to n io . 
B o liv a r H all. L a V illita, sp o n s o re d b y 
S a n 
A n t o n io 
C o n s e r v a t i o n 
S o c ie ty . 
227 9o42. 
T u e s So t 
1o 5, 
S u n 116, F re e 
O L D U R S U L I N E C O N V E N T , 3oo 
A u a u sto . B u ilt in 1851, S a n A n to n io 's o n ly r e m a in in g e x a m p le of 
F r e n c h a r c h it e c t u r e . 
H o m e of 
So u th w e st 
C ra ft 
C en ter 
C re a tiv e 
A rt School. M o n F r i 9 .1o-5, v is it o r s w elcom e. F re e 
R E M E M B E R 
T H E 
A L A M O 
T H E A T E R / M U S E U M , 
A l a m o 
P la z a 
A m u lti m e d ia p re se n ta tio n re c re a tin g the sie g e of the A la m o 
D a ily 
9 OO to 
5 3o. a d u tts 
J I 75 c h ild re n 
(4 17) 
75 cen ts, a c tiv e m ilita ry (w ID ) JI.25. 
S A N F E R N A N D O C A T H E D R A L , 
C o rn e rsto n e laid in 1748 W e st sid e of M a in P la z a 
227 2197 
S C H R O E D E R / Y T U R R I M O U S E 
M U S E U M & A R C H I V E S , 1ooo E 
C o m m e rc e 
R e sto re d b y the C ity 
W a te r B o a r d for a d o p tiv e u se o s a m u se u m a n d a r c h iv e s d f t h e h is to ry of w a ter in the’ S a rt^ A n to n io o r c a 
G r o u p t o u r s ot m u s e u m a rr a n g e d th ro u g h the C ity W a te r 
B o a rd Office. 1oo1 E 
M a r k e t St . p h o n e 225 7461. 
S P A N I S H 
G O V E R N O R ' S 
P A L A C E , 
1o5 
M i l i t a r y 
P la z a 
M o n Sot 9 5, S u n I 5. m o r n in g to u rs b v a p p o in tm e n t, o d u lts 25 cents. c h ild re n IO c e n ts 
S T E V E S H O M E S T E A D A G A R ­ 
D E N . 5o9 K in g W illia m . 225 5574 
O w n e d o n d m a in ta in e d b y the Sa n 
A n t o n io C o n s e r v a t i o n 
S o c ie t y , 
224 6163 G e r m a n re sid e n c e built rn 
1876. D o ily 
I S, m o r n in g to u rs b y a p p o in t m e n t , o d u lt s 
75 c e n ts , c h ild re n 25 cents. 
Y T U R R I 
E D M U N D S 
M I L L 
A 
R E S I D E N C E . 
257 
Y e llo w sto n e , 
534 8237. S a n A n to n io C o n s e r v a tio n 
So cie ty m a in ta in e d . 
A d o b e block stru ctu re , built 184o-186o R e sto re d 
G rist M ill in o p e ra tio n O o e n Tues, 
A Sat 1o 2, w ith g r ist d e m o n st ra 
(io n s at ll A I on T u e s A Sa t 
N o a d m iss io n g io u o t o u r s b v a p p o in tm e n t 

SUM 
JEVOLORI 
^ VERA 
3UNDS 
I hrs re Beautiful! ( htMie* from mitre then 
15o Color*. 

 a f J O T n M m 
K m i i-am pons 
1316 E a u Gras ton St. 
226-5379 

CO N CERT — The musical troup Up With PeopleI will be performing in San Antonio this week. See Music. 

The National Autonomous 
University of Mexico 
Permanent Resident School at Son Antonio 
Announces the 
Spring Semester, 1977. 
Registrations Jan. 1 o -1 5 
Classes: Jan. 17 -M a y I 3 
Spanish at ail levels. 
Mexican Art, History A Literature 
6oo HemlsFair Pla*a, 227-o311 

W h en you subscribe to the fcxpress, we deliver , . . every m orning 

$ a n A n to n io 

Delivered Right to Your Hom e Every Morning. 

 can 2 2 5 - 7 4 1 I . . . 

________and be the first to know. ________ 

T S Na an 

A weekly guide to culture happenings in San Antonio 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday January 9 I 9 77 

.Gordon! 
'I 
JE 

G E N U IN E S T O N E S OF 

One of the most common complaints I receive as a film and theater critic is that I don’t like entertainment. The complaint comes most often from persons who’ve been involved in shows which I’ve given unfavorable reviews. But I also hear it from readers and even other critics. 
Recently, for example, a reader wrote me a letter saying in effect that I liked only art, couldn’t appreciate plain and simple entertain­ ment, and that I only like plays and movies whose subject matter is 
(It seems curious to me that th is r e a d e r d o e s n ’t classify sex under e n te r­ ta in m en t, b u t then if he finds sex boring, that’s his problem.) 
In any ease, as confused as this reader might be, his letter rep re s e n ts a view ­ point thai is' com m on en ­ ough and which unfortuna­ tely is e n ^ u ra g e d by some critics. The viewpoint is that a play or movie must’ be socially or philosophi­ cally redeem ing to rate a favorable'tjotice from cri­ tics. Entertainment is only worthy of a critic’s scorn. 
This viewpoint as much as says that critics are ma- sochists_who have taken up a career which assures they will be exposed to a m axi­ mum of num ber of en ter­ ta in in g and th e re fo re , according to this odd logic, miserable experiences. The critic b ec o m e s a so rt of 
Scrooge, g ro w lin g when everyone else at a movie is laughing and beaming in delight when o th e rs a re falling asleep at a play. 
Perverse 
Probably there are some critics perverse enough to fit such a d e s c rip tio n . I swear to the court that I do not. Even more unfortuna­ tely th e re a re a g r e a te r n u m b e r of c r itic s who without perhaps intending to, add credibility to such a viewpoint. 
T his second g ro u p of critics include those who allow philosophy to su r- p lan t a r tis tic co n sid era- 

“death or sex.” 

 tions in works of film , theater and literature. You will find them often in the colleges, where the analy­ sis of literature frequently comes down to interpreta­ tion, i.e., paraphrasing the theme of a work. 
This is infinitely easier to do than to analyze the techniques that make it a work of art. Literary dis­ cussions are more likely to be about w h eth er H enry 
Jam es meant “ The Turn of the Screw” as a ghost story about evil or as a psycholo­ gical study. If a student can show that “ Moby Dick” is a p a rt of the 
A m erican 
T ra n s c e n d e n ta l view of evil, he’s not likely to be asked what role that c u r­ ious chapter describing all the d iffe ren t types of whales plays in the novel as a work of art. As abstract as philosophy may be. it is still a more tangible ground for discu ssio n than the techniques and asthetics of art. 
For the journalistic cri­ tic, it also makes for more interesting copy. The critic has a m uch m ore interesting review if he can 
“ interpret” a movie such as “ S h am p o o ” as an in­ dictment of the Nixon style of politics instead of w rit­ ing about how it fails to have an a r tis tic unity. 
Much criticism, in fact, has becom e a m a tte r of p a r ­ ap h rasin g th em es rath e r than analyzing how those 

RON 
WHITE 

S t a p f a n d f i l m 

 themes are presented. 
The em phasis on philo­ sophy has led to a revision­ ist brand of criticism that sees worth in previously scorned works because a critic is able to interpret them in te rm s of worthy philosophies. Thus we find praise for the old science- fiction thriller “ Them " — about an ts tu rn e d into giants by radioactive fall­ out — as an early warning against ram pant scientific exploitation. 
In fact, some critics are seemingly em barrassed to praise a comedian such as 
Charlie Chaplin simply be­ cause he m akes us laugh. 
Chaplin m u st be given 
“ serio u s im p o r t” as a representative of the com- 
•mon m an s tru g g lin g ag ain st the in e quities of society. Such an in terp re­ tation of Chaplin may be tru e, but the sam e in te r ­ pretation could be applied to lesser works of art and it does nothing to explain why 
Chaplin makes us laugh or why his films are art. 
Is philosophy, then, to be excluded from any discus­ sion of art? It needn’t be, and in fact, c a n ’t be in many cases. Let us view art as something which has a certain organized complex­ ity. That is, the artist has woven many themes, char­ ac te rs, m elodies, colors, plots, whatever, together so that they obtain a strong unity without being overly sim p lified , lf we ac c e p t such a definition of a rt, then a philosophical theme is just one more element in the weaving. 

With some works, such as 
Jean Paul S a r tre ’s “ The 
F lies,” the philosophical element m ay dom inate to the detriment of the artistic unity of the work. 
‘Flies’ fails 
But “The Flies,” with its cardboard characters and fan ta stic, con triv ed plot may still be classified as en­ te rta in m e n t in the sense that entertainment is any­ thing^ w:hich engages, a r­ ouses o r’ s tim u la te s the mind an d /o r emotions. If one is interested in Sartre's philosophy, “ The F lie s ” will be en tertain m en t. If philosophy has no interest at all for a spectator, the play will fail subjectively as e n terta in m en t and as art. 
For art to be successful it must also be entertaining. 
The m ost w orthy philo- 
> sophy or theme is doomed to noncommunication if the work that contains it does not interest the spectator.' 
Without the value of enter­ tainment, a theme might as well be presented as a dry lecture or essay. The clas­ sic works of art — Shake­ speare, Beethoven, R em ­ brandt — have not survived for c e n tu rie s b ecau se of th e ir a b ility to bore a u ­ diences. 
A few movies and plays showing, in 
San 
Antonio right now demonstrate the interdependence of art and e n te rta in m e n t. “ The Se­ ven-per-cent Solution,” as far as I have been ahle to determ ine, is without any explicit philosophical view- point or anything else, for that m a tte r, th a t would make it socially redeeming beyond its p u re entertainment value. 

Work of art 
But it is im possible to imagine that it could be so entertaining without being the product of art. The art is found in the tight script that weaves together sever* 

ENTERTAINMENT W ITH A M ESSAG E — 
"King K ong," with Jessica Lange as tho apple of Kong's eye, is a fine thriller that comes closest to failing when it tacks on a message. 

 a1 subplots, in the carefully detailed acting and d irec­ tion, and the exquisite set and prop designs that all contribute to the presenta­ tion of an enthralling story. 
It is frivilous entertainment in the sense that it has no 
“ message.” But it is solid entertainment in the sense that there are no artistic loose ends. 

“ King Kong” is another fine piece of entertainment for many of the sam e rea­ sons “ The Seven-per-cent 
Solution” is. But where it comes closest to failing as art and e n tertain m e n t is where the film tries to in­ ject some philosophy — in this case a combination of the beauty and the beast th em e and m a n ’s in h u ­ 

 m anity to dum b anim als. 
The themes are tacked on piece meal instead of being m ade an integral p art of the film. The film 's cre a ­ tors m ight as well have pasted p la c a rd s in the theater reading “ Hum ans should be kind to all living creatures." 

“ Silver S tr e a k ," like 
“ The Seven-per-cent Solu­ tion,” is without a messagy theme. But that has nothing to do with its failure as art or e n te rta in m e n t. 
It becom es b o rin g w hen it loses its artistic unity. , . when it.gets involved witli'a romantic sideline that has little to do with the film’s m ain th e m es of com edy and mystery and when that 

 m ystery becomes too con­ voluted to make sense. 

 lf, then, critics are also on the side of e n t e r ta i n ­ ment, what was my reader writing about in his letter? xl can’t know for sure. Blit I suspect that he found en ­ te rta in in g som e play or film that I found boring. I have often given unfavora­ ble reviews to the type of 
“ frivolous” plays associat­ ed w ith dinner theaters, but not b ecau se they w ere without philosophical im ­ port. C hurch T h e a te r 's current play “ The Fantas- ticks" is an excellent en ­ tertainment in spite of and not because of its archety­ pal philosophy about a young, in-love couple going through the rites of m atur­ 

 ity. All its artistic elements bine to g e th er well — — music, acting and story —- to m ake both art and en- texlajninent. . 
O th er d in n e r th e a te r shows — such as most of 
Neil Simon's plays — I have disliked not because they lacked a philosophy but simply because they didn’t m ake me laugh even though I would have liked to It’s as simple as that. 
They were not entertain­ ing Iii fact, one of Simon’s plays which tries to be more meaningful philosopi- cally, “ Gingerbread Lady,” is one of his least enjoyable, 
Art m ay be fo rg iv en many things, but one thing it can not lie forgiven is failing to entertain. 
Pop music ’76: Big for Frampton and friends 

 ntertainment and 

~ rt— no conflict 

Soft Contact Lenses are Available at Most 
TSO Offices 

Consult your telephone directory for TSO locations. 

We care how you look al life 

T e x a s S t a t e 
Ol^TICAK 

OPEN SATURDAYS TIL 1:oo 
MEDICAID PATIENTS WELCOME 

(AP) — In 1976, Peter Frampton became a superstar and a new group named Boston sold enough copies of its first LP to make some kind of history. 
Bob Dylan appeared in his firs t TV sp e cia l and 
Bing Crosby gave his first concert. T he B eatles did not get back together. 
P eter Fram pton, 26 and 
B ritish, who left Hum ble 
Pie four years ago to begin a solo career, made the year’s most smashing tour of the United States, fusing rock and pop. He got a di­ vorce, and signed to play 
Billy Shears in the movie 
“Sergeant P e p p ers Lonely 
H ea rts Club B a n d .” His 
“ Fram pton Comes Alive” w as th r e a te n in g C arole 
King’s “ T ap e stry " as the biggest'Selling record a l­ bum ev e r. And the LP 
“ Boston” was trying to be­ com e the fa ste st-se llin g ever. It sold 5oo,ooo copies in seven weeks, and hit a million copies in ll weeks. 
G ra m m y A w ards given in 1976 went to “ Love Will 
Keep Us Together,” by the 
Captain and T ennille, as record of the year, and to 
“ Still Crazy after all these 
Years,” by Paul Simon, as 
LP of the year. 
Singles 
B illboard M agazine, in its Christmas issue, added up the best-selling singles; 
"Silly Love Songs,” W ings; 
“ D on’t Go B rea k in g My 
Heart,” Elton John and Kl- ki Dee; “ Disco L a d y ,” 
Jo h n n ie 
T ay lo r; 
“ D e­ cem b e r 1963,” F our Sea- sons; “ F la y th a t F u n k y 
M usic, 
Wild 
Cherry; 
“ Kiss and Say Goodbye,” 
Manhattans. 
“ Love M achine,” M ira­ cles; “ 5o Ways To Leave 
Your Lover,” Paul Simon; 
“ Love 4s A liv e,” G ary 
Wright; “ A Fifth of Beeth­ o v en ,” W a lte r M urphy; 
“ Sara Sm ile,” Daryl Hall and Jo h n O ates; “ A fte r­ noon D e lig h t,“ S tarlan d 
Vocal Band; “ I Write the 
S o n g s,” B a rry M aniiow; 
“ Fly, Robin. F ly,” Silver 
Convention; 
“ Love 
Hangover,” Diana Ross 
A lbum s: 
“ F ra m p to n 
Com es 
A liv e ,” 
P e te r 
F ra m p to n ; 
“ F leetw ood 
M a c,’’ Fleetw ood Mac; 

By-------------------------- 
MARY CAMPBELL - 

“ W ings at the Speed of 
Sound.” Wings; “ G reatest 
Hits 1971-1975,” E ag les; 
“ C hicago IX ,” C hicago; 
“ T he D ream W e a v e r.” 
G ary W right; “ D e s ire ,” 
Bob Dylan. 
“ A Night at Hie Opera," 
Queen; “ America’s Great est Hits — History,” Amer­ ica; 
“ Gratitude,” 
Earth, 
Wind and Fire; “ Face the 
Music,” Electric Light Or­ chestra; “ Brass Construc­ tion,” Brass Construction; 
“ Tr.vin’ To Get the P e e ­ l i n '. ” 
B a rry 
M aniiow ; 
“ Still Crazy after all these 
Years,” Paul Simon; “ Toys in the Attic," Aerosmith. 

Latin music 
The two best-selling La­ tin LPs were “ The Salsoul 
O rchestra” by the Salsoul 
Orchestra and “ Unfinished 
M a s te r p ie c e ” by E d d ie 
Palm icri. Top-selling soul 
LP was “ Rufus Featuring 
Chaka Khan” and top soul single was "Disco Lady” by' 
Jo h n n y T a y lo r. “ Disco 
Duck” by Rick Dees was a g im m ick reco rd with charm 
“ B reezin’, ” bv George 
Benson, w as the b e s t­ selling jazz album Readers of Down Beat m a g az in e chose pianist McCoy Tyner as "jazzman of the year." 
Stevie Wonder signed a 
813 million contract with 
Motown Records. 
Big to u rs this y e a r in ­ cluded “ Wings over Amer­ ica.” the first by ex-Beatle 
Paul McCartney. It started about a month late, because 
W ings g u ita r is t J im m y 
McCuloch broke a finger, but was a triumph when it got flying. Linda McCart- nev performed in Wings, also brought out a book. 
.‘Linda’s Pictures." 
The Rolling Stones, with 
47 c o n c erts in E u ro p e, didn’t tour America. Neil 
Diamond cam e out of his sa b b a tical by to u rin g in 
Australia, New' Zealand and 

The Acting C o m p a ny 
In 

CAMINO REAL 

 by Tennessee Williams 

'ISz z B & z z T 

Ruth Taylor Theatre 
Sunday matinee 
JAN 9 2:3o (§) $7.5o 
TICKETS AT DOOR 
— 
■■■ 
— ■ 

PETER FRAM PTON 
. . . a winner 

 the U.S. Elton John toured and so did the Eagles and 
ZZ Top. 
Rory 
G a lla g h e r p e r ­ form ed in 
P o lan d and 
Benny Goodman, 67, played in Prague, which went wild for him. during a tour of 
E astern Europe and R us­ sia. Pesnyary, a Russian folk rock group, toured the 
American South. 
B B B-Bing 
Bing Crosby, 71. sang on 
St. P a tric k 's Day in Los 
Angeles, his first concert ever, celebrating 5o years in show business, then gave sev eral b enefit c o n c e rts during the year, including one in Las Vegas to help a priest move his congrega­ tion out of a saloon. He ended the year singing in a 
Broadway theater. 
Bob 
D y la n ’s 
R olling 
T h u n d er R evue g av e a benefit concert early in the y ea r for Rubin “ H u r r i ­ cane" Carter in the Hous­ ton Astrodome. Dylan also made his TV network debut with a one-hour special and bought a cliff house in Ma­ libu, Calif . for a reported 

$2 m illion. Jo h n D enver gave a benefit concert for the cam p aig n to re s tric t nuclear facilities in Colora­ do. W ings g av e one for 
Venice. Harry Chapin gave benefit concerts all year. 
The Bee Gees turned over profits from a M adison 
Square Garden concert to 
New York’s Police Athletic 
League. Paul Simon gave his Garden proceeds to the 
New York Public Library. 
Seals and Crofts flew two and a half tons of medical supplies to Guatemala after its earth q u ak e . Jon! M it­ chell sang at a California concert to save the whale. 
The J. C e ils Band r e ­ leased “ Peanut Butter.” a song originally recorded in 
1961 by tile V ib ratio n s under their pseudonym, the 
Marathons. Van Trevor re­ corded “ J i m m y ’s in the 
White House.” written by 
Crackin’ Ben Dangler. 
D iana Ross and B a rry 
Maniiow both had sell-out, two-week ru n s on B ro ad ­ way. Melba Moore gave a concert in the Metropolitan 
Opera House. 
Jo h n 
Lennon finally escaped deportation from the United States. George 
H arriso n w as g u ilty in co u rt of su b c o n scio u sly p la g ia riz in g 
“ H e’s 
So 
F in e ” in w ritin g “ My 
Sweet L ord." He wrote a song about it. “ This Song.” 
Bingo S tarr said he may tour next year. 
Bobby Vinton w as left 
88,65o in a will by a person impressed by his pride in 
Polish an c estry . He said h e’d use that money and some of his own for a scho­ larship for Polish A m eri­ cans at Duquesne Universi­ ty. 
David Bowie perform ed in a n o n m u sica l m ovie. 
“ The Man Who F ell to 
Earth." and Aretha Frank- 

BAUSCH & LO 

BOB DYLAN 
. . . helping Hurricane 

Un signed to s ta r in 
“ B e s s ie ” ab o u t B essie 
Sm ith 
Movies cam e out about Leadbelly and about 
Woody Guthrie. Kris Kris- tofferson and 
B a rb ra 
Streisand took the latest remake of “ A Star Is Born” into the world of rock. 
A bill revising the 1999 copyright law was signed, to go into effect in 1978. 
Jukeboxes, cable TV' and public TV' will pay royalties for the first time. Record com panies will pay 2 3/4 cents instead of 2 cents to composers and music pub­ lish ers per tune on a re ­ cord. 
Sonny and Cher got back to g eth er for a TV show. 
( her and G reg g A llm an had a baby, E lijah Blue 
Allman. Anne Murray had her first child, named him 
W illiam S te w art Lang* stroth ll. 
Brian Wilson rejoined the 
Beach Boys. David Clay- ton-Thomas rejoined Blood, 
Sweat and Tears. Ron Wood officially joined the Rolling 
Stones. 
R i c k W akem an rejoined Yes. 

G regg Allman testified about drugs before a feder­ al g ra n d ju ry . His road m anager was sentenced to 
75 years in prison and the 
A llm an 
B ro th e rs Band broke up. Ian Mitchell, 18, who joined the Bay City 
Rollers in April when Alan 
L o n g m u ir, 26, left, also found traveling and rollcr- mania “ a nightm are” and w as re p la c e d by 
P at 
McGlynn, 18 
T he Band opened New 
Y o rk 's re fu rb is h e d A ca­ demy of Music — renamed the P a lla d iu m — a fte r which the Beacon Theater closed as a rock hall. And then the Band, after some 
16 years, gave itself a big farewell concert at Winter* land in San Francisco. Rod 
Stewart left the F aces to form his own band. 
L eggins and M essina split as a duo to becom e solo artists, and ('ashm an and West did the s a m e thing. Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes broke up; so did Herbie Hancock’s Head 
Hunters. 
Singer Grace Slick of the 
Jeffereon Starship m arried the group’s lightirijplirec-* tor, Skip Johnson. Singer 
Freda Payne m arried doc­ toral can d id ate Stanford 
Abbott. Keith Moon, d rum ­ mer for the Who. m arried model Annet W alter-Lax. 
C ountry Jo e M cDonald m a rrie d n u rsin g student 
Ja n ic e T ay lo r. A d m a n 
B ro th ers lead g u ita ris t 
Dickie 
B etts m a rrie d 
Cher’s secretary. Paulette 
Fghazarian. Alice Cooper m a rrie d d a n c e r S heryl 
Goddard. 
F ran k S in atra m a rrie d 
B a rb a ra M arx. He also sang at 4.5oo-seat G rand 
Ole Opry and wowed ‘em. 
The Country Music Asso­ ciation nam ed Mel Til Uh e n te r ta in e r of the y e a r, 

SPECIAL LECTURE ON 
MIND CONTROL1 

THE A El EH ll! A > UVE AMI! MEDITA THIS SYSTEM ™ 

OVER HALF A M ILLIO N G R A D U A T E S 

|| 
M /vp CO M KOL CHAOUA Tis HJtfOHl Bt TTI H COM HOI O V tk 

!| • HI Ai. TH 
• MOHVjUIO* 
• ^TUITION IST 
• MHGH1 
|j 
• MI MORI 
• SU 
• TK.(KUM KH. VI NG 
* SNQAIAC 
• . hi .-ss i 
• ( us. I s H u l l o '. 
• i > .*is 
- M n . 

/M U 
. KUT (ON G U X t I 

I U U 
. n i m - I u h < r u » u o t i t i - i i t u t it w t x M iu m J n a k 
I 

I Mi ONN.MI 
N I* U M I IM M 
* 4JUUNI. TON Ult I 
M IM M V. At.l l # NT 
HAX* D M M 
| 

M I I t l l l t M 
I t M IM I M iV * MIMI ( ONTKO! M U IA iA tl 
A H KND LH EK LE CT I HE 

TUI SO AY JAN MTH KNO H IH • I I M 
TAAVil I OOO! At COUHTMOUIi ttU A A I 
IOO YUI IT A 
SAN ANTONIO. UHAS U M I 
KM OA ADO A ti* ■ W OAK SH OK JAN. IO ANO 1 7 - o MN. 

Next Teardrop F a lls ,” as its songwriter of the year. 
B illb o a rd said the b e s t­ selling country single of the year was “ Convoy" by C, 
W. McCall and the b e s t­ selling LP was “ The Sound in your M ind” by W illie 
Nelson. 
Dolly Parton was ordered to rest h er voice by h er doctor. M erle H ag g ard suddenly canceled an e n ­ gagement in Reno ami took a vacation from “ the stress of the road.” Roy Acuff, 72, suffered a mild h eart a t ­ tack 

-RuBY- 
-SrxPPHIR€ 
WITH 
DJAMCtf 

Rug. $1oo 

14K ooKl Iretont 
Illustration a tt!(MyTK) nit coml hew 
WMT 
TO BUY* n e Arc Apl 

• Batik A m el Icard • Mas ter C harg e 
• D iners C lu b • A m erican E x pre ss 
• S h o p p e r s C harg e • C a rte B le n ch # 
V Siouxs 

8 G R E A T S T O R E S IN THE S A N A N T O N I O A R E A SOI 
East H o u s t o n , D o w n l o a d e L ls P .m n .n S h o p p in g C e n te r 
• Plaza Ti u*!t Shopping C-nier • 8 4 ? S VV Military Drive a New t h 1/, est SKOPP ■ g C en ter e M r Cm- e-.s Sh o p p ■’nj C o y 
• Central ParK Wl*n • W indsor .Park Mali # Sho p G o rd o n * 
C o a ti to Cn.iSt 

JO N I MITCHELL 
. . . benefiting whales 

 with Dolly P a rto n and 
Ron nu* M ilsap top v o ca­ lists. Single record of the y ea r was n am ed “ Good- 
Hearted W om an” by VVuy- lon Je n n in g s and W illie 
Nelson. Album of tilt* year was “ W anted — the O u t­ law s,” by Je n n in g s, N el­ son, J e s s ie C olter and 
Toinpall Glaser. 
Song of th e y e a r w as 
“ Rhinestone 
Cowboy.” written by Larry Weiss and reco rd e d by 
Glen 
C am pbell. The Nashville 
S o n g w rite rs A ssociation picked Ben P e te rs , who co-authored “ Before tin* 

Kidnapped 
Lou Adler, president of 
Ode R e co rd s, was k id ­ napped and released after payment of 525,(MKI ransom. 
Iiit*k Stevens. 37. fo rm e r lead singer with Tower of 
Pow er, was convicted of murder in the killing of two m en he said w ere d ru g dea le rs. Isaac H ayes d e ­ clared p erso n al b a n k ­ ruptcy. 
Stax Records went bank­ rupt. AI Bell, owner, was acquitted by a federal jury and his co d e fe n d a n t, 
•former bank officer Joseph 
Harwell, was found guilty on two of 13 charges facing the pair. They had been charged with fraudulently obtaining some 818 million in bank loans 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 9 7 7 
Soviet poet may be Europe’s Whitman 

\A/fi n t* i tlDc 
\i ti r*O 
B y 
--------- 
I ov er m u c h o f t h e w o rld 
IP " !!- - — u ljm b s — BHL. J 
» ■ is / o r a p e r s o n — A i o n - v (1. , 1(i u o „ h 
P a u l ii * . . . . . . . . . u 
. u „ * 
4„ 
We m a r in e s w ere told on the Solomon 
Isla n d s to take A ta ­ b rin e , a p rev e n tiv e against malaria. ll w a s s o l e m n l y e x p l a i n e d t h a t A t a b r i n e w a s d i s c o v e r e d by Nazi 
G erm an doctors, un irrele­ v a n cy s i n c e s c i e n c e w as science. Take the medicine, our colonels ordered. We did; m a la ria is something to avoid even if a Nazi must save you. 
Nazim Hikmet. the first and gre a test m odern T u r ­ kish poet, is not long dead. a M a r x i s t who s p e n t 17 years of his life in prisons for “ s e d i t i o u s ’ p o e tr y . 
Globally held in high e s ­ teem by non-Marxists and 
Marxists alike, he is little known in the United States. 
Will Hikmet become the 
Walt VV hit man of Kurope? 
Tin* question is being asked with g r o w i n g fr e q u e n c y . 
W hate ver his polities, the m a n ’s poetry is staggering. 
So be it; a Nazi d o c to r s pills for the blood, a Marx­ ist's poetry for the soul 
For the soul? (Mi well life h a s its m y s t e r i e s , an d thevTe found in THINGS I 
D I D N ’T KNOW (I ’e r e s e a 
Book; paperback, ST Ha). 
Hikmet was born iii 19o2 iii Salonika, which was then part of t he O tto m a n U m ­ pire, and grew up in Istan­ bul By the time he was 2:5 he had been sentenced to la years in prison for work on a leftish magazine. His no- 
\els and poetry were read by and touched the military cadets of Turkey ; for this he was arrested, accused of i n c i t i n g tin- y o u n g e r 
Caper makes 

M AURY 

MAVERICK Jr. 

 m e m b e rs of the military to revolution. 
In 1949, a w o r l d - w i d e committee was founded in 
P a r i s to r e s c u e H i k m e t from prison where he had suffered a serious heart at­ tack. Released, he traveled 

 ov er m u c h of th e w o rld writing poetry as he went along. 
“ Only th e A m e r i c a n s didn’t give me a visa,” he pointed out. 
The man resented artsy, craftsy, frilly poetry with­ out s e r io u s p u rp o se . F o r him, poetry was “ the bloo­ diest of the a rts.” 
On Sept. 2H. 1945, a poli­ tical p r i s o n e r , he w r o te from a p ri s o n cell th e s e words to his wife: 

I /icy re taken us prisoner, they 're th roa n us in jail me in ai de the mills, v nu outside. 
Hut this is nothing. 
The H orst tiling 

 is for a person — k n ow ­ 

 in g ly ° r MOI — to c a r r y p riso n in s id e himself . . . 
Most p e o p le h a v e been forced into this position, h o n est, ha r d - w o r k in g . g o o d people. 

 ii ho deserve to be lo v e d as much as I love you. 
M e m b e r s of th e 
1949 committee who sought Hik­ met ’s freedom from behind b a rs included S a r t r e , P i­ 

 cass o, N e ru d a , and Pa u l 
R o b e so n , a m o n g o t h e r s * 
T h e a v a i l a b l e e v i d e n c e seems to suggest that Hik­ met, like Robeson, died a broo di ng m a n . The tr uth sometimes is too much to bear. 
That he was persecuted for his poetry, one friend o b s e r v e d , a t t e s t s to th e credibility of his faith in the vital importance of his art. 
All a rt. H ik m e t insisted , should be an event not only 

 in literary history, but in social history as well. 
His poem “ On Living,” probably his greatest, con­ cludes with this stanza: 

This earth ii ill grail cold. a star am ong stars a n d one o f the smallest 

 a gilded mote on the blue velvet. I mean. 
I mean this our great earth. 

This ea rth w ill g r o w c o ld one du x, not like a heap o f ice or a deail cloud even, but like an em pty walnut it ii ill roll along in pitch dark s/nice . ... 
You must grieve for this right now. fo r th e w o rld m u st be loved this much if you re going to say "I lived." 
Sears 
Big screen 

 solid state color TV 

 in console cabinet 

Save $3o oil 8-track 

 play/record stereo 

BEST 
SELLERS 

 tri u m v i r a t e wordly 
(diaries Pol hires as an assassination team. 
The team consist* of an alcoholic ( f o r m e r B ritis h 
I n t e l l i g e n c e a g e n t Owen 
P a c k e r ) , society b e a u t y 
( S a r a h Lax al S m ith , also 
P a c k e r’s girl friend) and a 
South African m e r c e n a r y an d luck of all t r a d e s 
(Sammy Ryderbeit) 
Their job — kill the ruler of th e world s ric he st oil c o u n t r y . “ His I m p e r i a l 
Highness the Suprem e aud 
All-Powerful Ruler of the fourth richest nation i i i the world ” 
And unknown to the a s ­ 

 s a s s in s — s a\e tor Pol. the 
Ruler is the one who put out the contract on his life 
But e v e n Pol d o e s not know why the ruler gives him two million pounds to carry out the caper 
T h a t is the tale of Alan 
W i l l i a m s ’ 
S H A U M \K 
(Met anil & G e o r g h e g u n ; 
$X 95), 
And S h u h -M u k is th e 
Farsi word of for “ death to the king” or “ checkm ate ’’ 
The ruler, incidentally, is a chess expert. 
The ruler also is aw are of unrest i i i his own country 
While he feels fie is the h u n t e d , he als o is th e h u n te r — not only ot the assassination team but ahu of t h o se enemies i ii his own country. 
But as the story’s p a w n s move from E urope to the 
M iddle E a s t, it b e c o m e s e v i d e n t who a r e the* top p ie c e s i i i th e S h a l l - M a k gam e 
W i l l i a m s ' fifth novel offers an enjoyable winter night * reading. 

 good novel l l IR with record changer 

By 
JIM PRICE 

I f s an unlikely 
$ 

K e g . $ 1 9 9 . 9 5 

N ow . record yo u r own stereo 8-tra ck tapes right fro m the 
A M / K M / K M stereo receiver or from records! Balanced stereo system inc ludes a lu ll size automatic* record changer to play all 
T P 
. !•>. oS R P M record*. Each Hi --in . high enclosure con­ tains a (P 
-in. speaker 

I I l l s \ | | | s O I I t W O R D 

 ll i- Ital L e d l>\ *»',ir- \ d v r r l i d n j : I*•»Io c u Iii* It i r q n i i «■* rv«*rv a d v e r t i s e d 

 i t e m I** I*** s u p p o r t e d i i i c.m Ii - t m e s t i l t - i i 11 n i e i i l m e n Ii,ii i d i - c . . ll w e 

 s h o u l d r u n o u t o f . u n r e d i n c d p r o e i t e m d u r i n g tin* - . d e , vs <• w i l l i c o r d e r 

 f o r v o n .it I In- - . d e | it n e. I Iii- t i m - n o t «i | * | * I v Ut pi i i, 11 | m r • I ni- e, t l e a r a n e e 

 a m i i b i-et till - a l e - w h e r e «| n . i nl it i e - . n e l i m i t e d . 

FREE-ARM convertible machine 

✓ 
Large-capacity 

Kenmore washer, dryer 

H H K , 
- o l i d - I U , 

 t ll .I — - I- I - I Ie | t e l l ! | , | | > I c 
.intl icli.ti.Ic 

J G i l l . d ia c o n a l n ic .i- 

- I I I I 
| l | t l l | | l 
I t l l 
1.11111 I V 

V l e v * H I U l i l t . f i l l I 

FICTION n j n » c i m l ^ b i t n e t 

I t b in it y a, twat* o-.a, ba.tm do, 
H O Obi 

3 
U M P I N G M U B O IB , t i , 
A j o r t t o 
CS, <■«. 
Dead M...M { / V4 
3 STOBM WASHING. b> Ju t M ,j.j• 
(Hi.it tim b a l I A Wmrton, $4 9 * ) 
4 
SLA PSTICK . r A n ti le.nM. yi/i 
(J. i,j tic tv b* J,.-GI*' i t j * c , - $ / 9* | 
» a AIS ! THI THANK! I , Cl,tv Cut n o 
( V * m y 
SA 9 S I 
6 Cl SIMON T or mi IN NOC INT br lo,tot Caid w it CX,'..bi* a , 1 $1o V i I 
T. IH I CRASH o r /a , bf CW I I oat* 

(S-mon § ’a l,atte* $8 9S J 
B. MARBY HU. ti, M m ll,A d * * 
Knout 
\ r vs i 
* 
TOUCH NOT THI CAT. b , M o t, 
Stewart {M w h i*. $4 95 J 
IO . T H I U S ta s . b , it i • H a a n I De HK t i 9 Si 

GE NLR A l 
I 
B O O T S , b f A le. H a h , 
(Ch t '. l o , i n so, 
3 
BASSA GIS. b f Ga* Sbe-H, -ou»* > no as i 
3. BLIND AM BITION, b f Jal,it w Cl, 
III 
(Suitor 4 S.butte, SI I 9 , I 
4 
TO UB IA R O N I DUS Z O N IS t i, 
W a ,O f w t i , f t (fo n t 4 Woj/mtHs $iV VS / 
» 
IH I GRASS IS ALWAYS GBC INCB 
O VIB THI SIBTIC TANK b , I'm u lorn b ir t IM. Of ow Hill. $6 9SJ 
* 
THI MITI KIBORT, br Sbeet Mb 
(M 'n rn,lion i l l SO I 

I . AO O LI M IH M , br john 
/a la n d 
(Ooobivitci, $ 14 VS I a THI RIGHT ANO THI B O W IR . 
>, leo-. l o w o , .* iC w ijt, » LL,r**» B ik h C u lt BufebOt mt) Co 
$9 OS I 
9 TO IIRUSALIM ANO RACK, br Soul ae*o— /Viitng, its OS I 
1o 
M O O D ANO M O N O br Iboma, thompson (Doubt*Our, SIO VS ) 

Sewing machine has huill-in buttonholer 

51 Off *149 

*6 6 o ff! 12- 
S tilch m a c h in e 

He$i. H I M 
* 9 9 

D i al h U r a l , Iii. ti -tri ll Ii r i m In - 
H m l l iii butt uii- 
(nrler. I a r e e x t r a . 

 l f c h e d a r )* 2 o < l , Dial stra ig h t, zig zag. b lin d h e m m in g ; or s tra ig h t, rick rack or o v e r cmd s tre tc h . B u ilt iii b u tto n h o le r ; lo o t 

 c out m l included Slide* hoot o il to use* for 
I rec* arni sew mg. 

Sears 

K i j t f i j j c d 2 - t e m p e r a t u r e 

 a u t o m a t i c w a s h e r 

L a r « j e - r a p a r i t y d r y e r w itll s r i t i m r s 

*219 
» 179 

L arge c a p a c i t y m e a n s 3 8 % more wash space than in our r e g u l a r - c a p a c i t y w ash ers! 
Water temperatures pre set. 

C hoose normal, perm anent press, or “air only” Tor really versatile fabric care. With heavy-duty motor, and lint screen. 

Sale prices thru Vi ed., Jan, 12 

Where America shops 
Ken Ilion*. Solid its Scars 

Dryer* rec|iiire e it h e r elec trical o r ga* c o n n e c t o r * wliirli are not in c lu d e d in the price of llic*c dryer* 

W i‘ * c r \ ie#* cc hut vee *« ll n a tio n * id«* 

 s r AHS, H o r HI C K A S H C CT 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Huck 

 l i n t , u t,•» ii H im a 
'IiiM a r * l l r m - 
C i ti lr a l |»a r l* n J h I y i I a l N m a r ii i a l PH a * a n l« u i N il 
* a n P u l l . . 
| 
( I i i 
M in i b h .1 I b u r - . 'I . I O o 
W o n I Hr u S a l 
TI..,, 
A ll n lh r r » la *- 9;.IC I l l 
*1, III 'I 
'I : . M l-1! 

■ w m M H .H H O H H O O I ) S IO M I.S (M M M Hi i i i - a n il s r r . i r e * , h , i » u a l- ., a i V i ^ M h m I i ii ,^ - l u r ,'- (MBB 
V a l i e v Iii 
N6 2 IU ii, H r a M il. 
H a rr* CB ti rs Him Ii a l 
(H O O - VA CII 
W h ile H it. 
I n i t e r - a l l ll* 

6 7 4 - 5 5 1 1 
4 I 2 - 2 IM I 
K itlim a ii H2 6 - 9 5 7 H 
X i i 2 * o o l h , U P .h H . n . U i H i I 

6 5 t t - 7 »9 | 

Sears 
January 
Hardware 

\ . — ■»' C'r 
"• 
/ f 

«. «►„ <ii», <ii» 'in. ynrm l l s I K JW 
Save *61 on 7 I-pc. tool set 

C raftsm an m eeh aide's tool 
Ih'js. *eparntc price not in c lu d e * 2 q iiick-re* l«*t«l S I I I . * H 

 liaise ratchets fu r th ree 
/M 
Q Q socket h i/.o a u d m ort'. 
^ J h 

7o' to SI .5 o ol’l’ assorted screwdrivers 

C liu O 'i fro m a w id e s e le c tio n ut lt< pillar 
SI .OO lo 92. to ru g g e d I ’.r a fl- in a n -i r e w ilr iv e i« iii 

 m ost c o m m o n ,-i*e» lu r 'iiit id e h o m e 
U l j ( 
I* 
,» i i 
^ 
<*41. rc p a tis o r to r lit** 
|>r<irt**stoiifil# 

Pl : 

S A L E ! S a v e * 1 3 

 on these three 

 rugged Craftsman 
CT7C5 power tools 

N e b u l a r * 3 2 . o o 
- 

\ our choice 

 each 

A. Save * I .‘I on Craftsman th ill 
Reg. $32.on. 's-in. drill develops maximum 1 
HP, o-12oo rpm varia­ ble no -lo ad speeds. R everses tor backing out stuck bits. 

B. Save *13 on rugged sabre san 
Reg. $32.oo. Craftsman saw develops maximum 1 . HP. o-32oo spin varia­ ble no-load speeds. l/ 2 -in. stroke. 
Edge guide. 

C. Save *13 on Craftsman sander 
Reg. $ 3 2 .o o . D ual-action s a n d e r gives you straight-line and orbital motions. Develops maximum 1 * HP, 
4ooo spin. 

Save *6 on 17-p c. drill hit set 

 l i e * . S H M * * 
I 

High-speed Craftsman bin fo r i ii ( trie d rill* or d rill p re -'e *. | / | 6 (b ru '^ .in . 

I // s I 

/ / 

>ave *2 on 7-p c. drill hit sci 

K«‘g. S t 
. 
2 <>4f 

I IIM* Iii i'll .|m <1 i aitio n 
•to ri. U ra l treated, p rr- ri» io n ground. 1 /1 6 to f , u t. 

Save *1 on 5-|»e. pilot bit set 

 it. k. S'l.w 
JL 

 lira fu iiM it p ilo t biti. a rr ideal fo r fo u u tt-m in k iu g or ro u n trrh o a riiig . 

Save 8 5 ' on blade pack 

K eg. s i o n 
J i t " 

Hugged 
I (a ft-o i.io 
..dire 
»««. b lad e- of higli-i af boo i>teel. Package of Im i. 

Save 58' on sanding sh e d s 
*> 
>1 
H eft. ( 9 e u . tm * t o r 
I 

I or in o»! p atl .t o n ie r .' I ii lin e , fo rd iitfii, or ro arer a ril.. 12 d iri'l*. 

Sears 

 p° 9e 
2 J 
San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday January 9 I 977 
Sears Save $25 on 2-H P circular saw 

D o u b le iii-td a lc d ii*.** o r d in a r y pill 

^OfAM* 
F U S I 
J 
ST* ut*/ 

 r+ »i 

SAVE 98" to $1.59 

A. S i . 5 9 ( .r a f ts m a n 12-f’i. m e ta l t 

B. S i . o 9 ( 'r a f t s m a n m a g n e t ic-t ip s c re w d riv e r 

C. T w o ju m b o p r o p a n e c y lin d er* , reg . S I . 9 9 c a 

D . S t . 2 9 C r a f ts m a n l ( l ,4j- in . m e c h a n ic 's p lie rs 

E . $ 4 . 4 9 , 1 2 -w a ll « o ld criii|' iro n 

E. S 3 . 9 9 . tt-in . a d ju s ta b le cm l w re n c h 

G» $ 4 . 5 9 , 1 o -in . a d ju s ta b le e n d w re n c h 

I r e c l- I n l I lic lie .ii iifiir* I tie 

— m w M i l Ii i i i lim n ; : 

K c lr u c la ld c b la d e g u a r d ii itll handy le v e r ii— i~I 
AN EXCEPTIONAL 

CHARGE IT 

 o n Sears* R e v o l v i n g C h a r g e 

R e g u l a r * 6 4 .9 9 . Rugged Craftsman 7-in. circular saw develops maximum 2 HP, 
54oo rpm to cut through 2x4’s at both 45° and 9o° with ease! Ball and roller bearing for long life. Has auxiliary handle. 
3999 

S U H W OO1 noir" P"*’ 

“ 
& 

SAVE 39° to SI.29 

 our r l i o nie .- 
S I 
K n e ll 

A. S 2 . 2 9 utility k n ife 

B. S I . 4 9 , 2 -in . “ <r* c la m p 

C. S 1 .6 9 till p u r p o s e w h ile glue 

D. 3 S te el w ool p a lm pad*, reg. 19 

E. S I . 3 9 h a n d y w ire hru*h 

F. 3 S ilic o n e g re a s e clicks, reg. 19 each 

(.. S 1 .5 9 S e a rs a c id -c o re so ld e r 

II. S I . 5 9 S e a rs re s in -c o re so ld e r 

I. 3 Tube* o f g r a p h i te oil. reg. 19' each 

J. S 2 . 1 9 lulu* o f w h ile silico n e seal 

I )e*diined f o r (Im* i !«*<•« I - o f (Im* h o m e w o r k * 

~ 111»| *. lijdit i ti«I ti -1 riel I 
| * |»11«* *< I i <»1 1 Drill.*' u p 

 lo 
V i n . I »olr-* in 'to o l. V i n . iii east i r o n . 

M o t o r not in e lm l e d . P a r l ia l lv a.-- 

Save * 2 o on 
< raftsm an K-gal. n et anil ilry vac* 

I t f ju u b ir " O O .m o tO““ 

I ru totnu n I L .m r-.V -h o p X v;ir Ila ' (-sol. w et and 1-bu. dry rap a city . U n it resist* ru st! 

Vi P rice! 
*3 o off 5 o - a m p welding outfit 

 lilt. *->o.oo 
2 ^ ) *** 

Id eal fo r b ic y c le aud m o ­ to rcy cle i < p air. \ Nu m etal artw ork, o ilie r jo ie . 

\- k a b o u t N ill*' r o u s t l o r n l rr t tlil p l. i i i - 

R u g g e d ( r a f t 'i i i a n g r i n d e r p o vs c r * t w o C iv*** 

 in. iiliiii» it itim *o \» d e vs h e e ls w i t h -p lit - p lt a*.e 

 m o t o r th a t d e v e lo p !* m a x i m u m * i Iii*! D a i 

 p e r t u a n e u t l v l u b r i c a t e d h a ll h e a r in g *'. 

1/2 OFF! 
Save *42.5o bench grinder 

Regular 
/ I 
4 9 
•81 .»»*». 
A 
1 t e d 

*1 o o off (draftsman drill press 

1 8 9 95 
Hernial 
*28o.o.1 

Sears 
SAVE s 11o on our finest Craftsman 
1o-inch radial arm saw 

AN EX C E PT IO N A L 
T 

1‘iirtialls 
.i"ciui>i< a 

San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S — Sunday January 9 1977 

• C on venien t iip-froill co n tro ls foe tjiti e l v . positive co n tro l 

• 3 15o-i‘piii «*apaeilor—tart m o to r develop** a m a x i m u m 2 ’ J I I P 

R e g u la r 8 3 5 9 .% . Get the versatility of several power tools in this one saw! Has a wide 25*2-in. rip capac­ ity to let you handle 4x8-ft. panels! 
Cast-iron arm, column, and column support. Easily cuts wood up to 3- in. thick! 

Save *7o on 1o-in. table saw outfit 
95 

R eg . $ 3 1 o . o 1 

<.ralt-m au outfit develop" maximum 2 111* to em through 2 x 4 '- easily at both l l a n d ‘MI ! 
Include- two -olid-type table exleii-iort- ami 
"tardy -tee! le^ -et. Partially a--emided. 

I /2 Price SALE! 

Ill R IH F O R H EST S E L E C T IO N 

Save * 2 1 . 5 o bench vise 
>t. «. ,"12.oo 
2 1 *' 

I raft-m an lieavy-duty vt-** 
-tand- up to even heavy load*. Swivel- lfrV ’ 

Save * 8 .5 o wtecl told box 

 h._ 
8 1* 

I >aft>tiian tool box Ii,.* re- iufort cd ro rn e r bra* in*. 
Partition ed lull* tray. 

Save * 7 ,7 5 torq u e w rench 

 th (I S I t o 
4 ' * 
( r a f t .m a ti be ani-type torn ur wrench read- O UM) ft th#. > ,.||, drive. 

Save * 5 . 5 o utility knife 

 cr I** 
K e n . S I O .‘P l 

HiiXiii'il ( blade kn ife ba* 
I V 2*7 C r a f t * in a u l o g o cit heil on btaile. 

E . 
S a v e ‘ IO on 

 p o l i s h e d brass dead Iwdt bick 

I-in. th ad l>*dt (b ro w , (tutti tid e - kl ) o p t i iii d itll ai |nr cl.!-- panel d o o r. I kl y-- 

F . 
Save *H .5o on u n tiq u c-lo ok brass dead bolt l«H*k 

Keg. t t 1 * 
I-in. dead bu ll throw . O ne 
■tide Ivey-o p erated , one with lliit it d i tu rn . '* k e y * un h id e d . 
\|wi av Jilabi* «ct jwdolted bf Ass 

Sears 

P age 
4 -J 
S a n A n t o n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
S u n d a y J a n u a r y y W / / 

GADGETS 

£2.59 wing style 
_ 
* 1.29 kilt hen c o rkscrew ............ 
1 . 5 5 folk 
/ i* 

> I .99 m asher 
8 3 * 

 s I . s ; i ii m i .ti 

I 111 I IIH 'IIH l i t 
1.13 

$7.99 sink hoard ....... 
^ 
$ 1.79 set ut 2 
4 . / 9 enke tooling ranks 
_ si.7 7 sp latter 
.. 1 . o 7 st i f f n ......... 
>2.n9 stain le ss steel s I i»o plastic 
1 . o 7 t -h ie d g ra te r ... ........... 1 . 6 1 towel h old er 
6 5 * 

$ I OO t wo silicone oven mitts ............. 
1 . 1 9 
OO* se t o f I magnet ie In > o k s 
5 9 * 

OO* set ol 2 scrapers .... 
5 9 * s i l o large or sm a lle r tu r n e r 
7 1 ' sd. IO steam basket ......... 
2 . o 9 
S I .OO Ii hook tool rack ...... 
1.o1 

‘ t o 
- e t o f m a g n e t i c 

 u h m o In > l d e i s .............. 
5 9 * 

Si. IO slotted spoon .......... 
7 1 ' addv 
1 . 8 5 do* rneasuing spoon set ...... 
3 o * 
7 o ' p l a t e h a n g e r .. 
4 7 

SAVINGS ON 4o DIFFERENT HOUSEHOLD GADGETS 
(m any not illustrated here) 
III RRY 
H i l l SI,I,El I IDN i s CO M PLETE 
32-gallon plastic trash cans 

Regular •8.99 
599 

High d o m e d lid shells rain ami lo* k s on tight to prevent spill" ii tail is knocked o\ci 
S tu rd y "idc h a n d l e s make carrying easier 
No seams to split, crack resistant t o t ) K. 

• ti • MIM*%* .IU 

45-lb. heavy-duty laundry detergent 

8 I 7 . D 7 f o r 3 15-11*. b o x e s 
97 
45-I I*-. 

 o r 3 I 5 - l b . I 
1 2 

B u y in hulk ami . . o c ’ K . . ,, t >,,,! t o toil. lust hall a cup d o t - 
Ill 
I t a u t 
• ash 

 l o a d . 
L o w s u d s i n g , t o t a i l t \ f * t w i s h e r * 
I phosphat. h i t and h m d t i ..I .til. 

" a l e p i i i i ' . ^ i n n l t i n i i 
I m 
I ' o h 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday January 9 1 9 7 7 
 sSSil SAVE *2o to *4o 

Chandeliers with the shim m ering elegance of crystal glass 

A. ('aiidrliibra styling. a- s . V E o o 

5 I i g Ii I c Ii a ii <1 e 1 1 e i w i t h 

( Mpse-out, w h il e I h e y I tst 

Ii. A n tiq u e B ra ss l iiiish , it'-*. soo.oo 
59" 

1 2 c r y s t a l g l as * . j e w e l s s i i n 

• r o w n w i t h S I c r y s t a l glas>- 

 p r i s m s . 

C . H u r r ic a n e S h a d e s , it. g 

D e l i c a t e curves o | b r o n z e 

M) c r y s ta l gl as s p r ism s. 

I). E tc h e d C la ss S h a d e s , it* #. SHO. >*# 

99 
Hand cut clear gl ass -h.i«l«• - 

 g la s s h e a d s a n d p r i s m s . 

E. T w o -L ig h t C la ss I ivtiire 

Ill'll, s I I . U U 
IWO light wall Ilia* kl t 
VV 11 11 
- r n 
A f . s o l i d bronze c a s t i n g s a n d 
I ■ 

(Eight hull is not in. Nill*. I with ain fixture shown) 
A 

Cl I. 

I I- rl ri. it ll. pl. 

.•»***! itll ll I a l l . I "itll 

2 - l i g h t 
I O - \ v u t t 

I I l i l l y l i g h t i i 99 

H a n g ov er w o r k b e n c h in I rom ceiling. * bain, hooks. » m <|. p lu g i n c l u d e d . 

San Antonio EX PRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 9 1977 
1/2 OFI* interior paints 
SALE 
\o u r choice 
99 

 g allon 
3 

7IHM15 

M ono; 

L A T E X 
S E M I 
GIX ISS Pl 

$ 7 .9 9 latex Hat 

• Covers iii just one coal 

• Pools clean up easily 
• IO fashion colors 

$ 7 .9 9 sem i gloss 

• C olorfast and quick dry lug 
• Great for traffic areas 

• IO d e c o r a t o r c o lo r s 
I 

$ 1 o . 9 9 fashion flat 

C o h t s in jii't o n e coat. i- 

 w ashable. 21 color*. 

SALE 

Your choice 
49 

 g allon 
5 

$ 1 o . 9 9 s e m i 
I hie-coat latex i- sj»ot rc»i*tant. 2 

 file*** 

 w a-ltahle 

I color-.. 

Lim ited warranty 

Sears p a n ts. when apexed a cco rd in g to directions, will cove- any c o lo r w an one coat (except rouqh or ten u red surfaces) w h ere inc! co d by checkm ark in the chart and have tne quaM-. es in d icated for the years shew n rn the chart, or co n ta ct Sears and you get necessary additional paint or your m er ev b ack 

This warranty ro t in clu d e labor or c o st o f labor far the ap p lication i » 
. pa nt 
• 

I n t e r i o r p a i n t ’* 

■Urn! X*. t 
I frat 
VV ,.|i.,t>!.. I i i , „ I ... r. ...... j| 
"J.,.I rr-i.lm l 
Hi.pj. 
I..lilt 

o24HL1 
✓ 
I 
I v e . 

7ooo.. 
I 
9ooo.1 
✓ 
5 y r». 
| I s r». 
I * r*. 
5 » r«. 

77«H»1 
✓ 
I » r*. 
J ’> * r-. 
I » c«. 

7 Kl MLI 
S ti y r*. I 
I. v r», 
It r n 
I 
4* yr*. 
4» lr*. 

9 1 o o 5 
S 
H yr*. | 
I! m . 
' t i s 
L » A ^ - 

E x te rio r Paint" 

P u iiil N«». 
I 
4 nut 
Vt ti* ti 
..Ll. 
*>(.. i 

He*.-tim 

A.* t h u lk 
I ** Ut HI lift; 
Nill! 

331 HL*, 
S 
I vr». 
I ir« 
* * r%, 
I 
;» %r*. 

2.14 MLI 
S ’ 
I Y 
T E H 

 closeout 
S.) o ff 5-ft. stepladder 
I *>99 
. .1 

I (olis. li.dd lint) I j.l.ltr hold* load* up to 22 > Ria, Ha pail 
•In ll ami *kid-rf'i stunt fro. 

 slide quantities L»*t 

S a x * S I 3 o . 2-111* s p r a y e r - e o in p re s s o r 

 lte tifila r s . t ‘ »o OO 
S 

Powerful enough to operate 2 spray guns* at once! Delivers rt.s 
St'FM and 4o PSI, 125 DSI max imum. Has 2o-gallon air tank. 

 s .'tJ O .O O I -III* - p r n v c r ................................... 

• Paint Deportm ent 
269 

7Boor. 
J 14 MI *. 

Interior I.alex 
Sem i Clo.sss Paint 

Keg. M I .OM l* T 9 9 i K ill. 

Onr-coM and w ashable. Latex dries quickly, clean* yp with 
•oapy-water. In 24 color*.* 

I -C o a t O il B a se 
H o u se -T rim P a in t 

K e g . S I 3.99 

O u r toughest oil paint. 
P ro tects against w eathering, fum es. No ch alk washilown. 

331 HL*. 

W eatherbeaten 
E x te rio r Latex 
«r,i. 

N ar s IU si .h r>lir lair*. 
S*«tatt ItitisJr, in HT ro to r*. Onf* roal i m i f most siirlarc*. 
• *4 ii*!..in coli irs hoi includ ed 

M| OO*. 

Sears Best Latex 
W a ll-T rim Paint 

Keg. Si I I .‘ IM 
-* 9 9 i K ill. 

I a-> Living 
Paint covers s ti l t one co a t! O n e s pi a satin finish. In 24 color* » 

Vt 

8 5 ' o f f s n u H i t h 

9 - i n . r o l l e r C4»%er 

Keg s i .69 
J,* 

Id e a l fo r 1-coat p aints on sm ooth surface-, f o r flat, 
.•cmi-jdo**, gloss paints. 

85' o ff semi-smooth 
9 -in . roller cover 

Keg. s i t,M f t |-C 

I ur o n e -c o a t p a i n t s o n 
II gilt t e x t u r e » u r f a c < •. I (,r flat, *eiui-glos». 

Beady-tie ti se 
S p a rk lin g Paste 

K e g # 2 .1 9 
I o9 
I 
«|t. 

Repair* cracks and blent. i»hc* in p la ite r, Hood and s allhoard. Ready mixed. 

A c ry lic Latex 
I lie. I uh I anil, 
Reg. S I . 3 M 
^ 4 | i 

• .n at durability, ll, \ t. 
L i l i t v J i n ) e a * y i b at u p o t lait v Mat painted. 

Sears 
Pre-season 
Air Conditioner 
Sears Best High Efficiency central air conditioning 

Scar* make* ii ca*y 

• ( a ll f u r a f r e e c - tim u tc 

 a* i i liu iil o b lig a tio n 

• I l i n e a o u r c o l o n e l - r o m - 
I»I«'I«-1 x i»»-tiii!«•«I l*> prof«**• iiiiii«*« or *l*i it unirM’ll 

• S e a r - U i I<11*-11 e x p e r t * r a il o f f e r fr e e p la n n in g h e lp . 
V_____________ 
/ 

I i i I ii i i 
. i h c r m o - t u l 

 a m i i n s t a l l a t i o n e x t r a 

*f« ll* 
I i ii a ... ut. i na. i. M.. ii .i.iiiii 
H. 11..I.. no* • 
-..It- 
|m t* r 

.i t (HNI 
H H 
* H2.» 
SOHO 
:it»,tHH) 
IIH 
$ HO.”, 
Door, 
(2,1 HH) 
H.li 
- OO . 
' T O , 
IT.IM M ) 
H I 
$1 IIM ) 
* 9 |.> 

M I 
I t ' t u . i . i l i ' i l i i i 
. i i • h i i l . i i i i ' a * s t i l t 
X i i 

( • i i i i l i i i m i i i i | > 
. m i l 
K i ' f i i n t i a l i i i i i 
I i i —l i i i i I 
* 1.m il.m l 2 I <1- T I. 

N o n i o n t l i l i p a x i i i e n l u n t i l J i m * * o n 

S e a r * D e f e r r e d f . a - A P u > i n i ' i i l 

I M . i i i . l l l o r e M i l l lo * a ( i n a n e * * 

 e l t a r p e t o r t i n * d e f e r r a l p e r i o d . ) 

 rn 
. 

” 
Iii SsbsS8 >>*%:I 

* / 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

SAVE 
$ I OO... *2oo 

R eg u lar $ 7 ( m 
665 
29,ooo in I II 

 r o i i d « ‘ ii* in g u n i t , A -c o il 
E n erg y E fficien cy H ating *1.o 

B i i > n o w a n i l >o11 l l lo * r e . n l > t o 

1* 11 j o \ c o n i e o i n f o r t t h e f i r - * I h o t 

11.1 a o f iii** - u n i i n c r - c a - n i i . 
I l a - 

 e l e e t r o n i e o u t d o o r - e i i - o 1 - t h a i 

 a u t o m a t i e a l h - e l e c t t h e m o - ! e f f i ­ 

 c i e n t f a n - p e e d . 
O l l i e ! r u n n i n g 

 a a i t l l llp A A a i d - a i r d i - e b a r g e . 
SAVE 
2o% 

 on H earthside kitchen cabinets 

S l a t ! t h e n e w 
N e a r i n r e m o d e l i n g w i l l ) t h e w a r ill 1 u - t ie lo o k ut I h a i l l i - i i l e . B r i n g 

 n e w 
I a a l i t y a n d iii i 111 \ l o y o u r k it c lit ii. 

S i n k . I .it i« « I. e i t u n i t 1 l o p . a n d i n * t . d l a t io n 

 c m r a . 

D ishw asher ha* pot-pan ex eh* 

*|H -eial |M irtlia-c ^ 199 

Ht.ili-iii unit ha* pol >|i«n anti Sjiii-ex «'h*», AX bile, hi- 
*lallaliuii cvlra. 

Jtfr ~ Iff 

I ac 

—— a v 
— 

* t -111 * K e n m o r e d i - p o - e e u n it 

 t h K i l l . i i 
* I * ) . 9 9 

 h i' ittitiiri' * t!i»|!ttMT 
Ii 
• (OO I* militia riill.il III 4 il.t il t till! >• ll iii'l.iltaliii 
• k ilt In ii I'liiiiiiiH g 

IMionr tod ay fo r a F R E E home* estim a te —N o oM iiiat ion 
SAVE *4o on Sears Best 
Space Saver gas furnace 
*269 
8o,ooo BTL’11 

M e g id a r !*.'l<)‘> .')."». 
' T h i s e f f i c i e n t 

 l u r i i a e t * h a s d u r a b l e b i l e * 

( ' l a d i h e a t e x c h a n g e r . 
K l e e t r i v a l 

( o i n l o r t ( ’e u l e r h e l p * s i m p l i f y w i r ­ 

 in g til a d d - o n h o m e c o m f o r t e q u i p ­ 

 m e n t . O u r ( ’o l d e s t w e a t h e r o l t h e 

 y e a r i s n ’t h e r e y e t ! . . s e e t h i s f u r n a 

 c e t o d a y a n d h e r e a d y f o r it! 

*429 9,-,. lo;,.IMH! II I I ll ... ... *2119 

• P lu m b in g I k |ii. 

\ vT 
SAVE *4o on Dual Wall (aas 
Furnace, 5o,ooo BTF ll 

 llc g u litr !* 2 7 ‘) 
‘239 

M o u n t s in d i \ i d i n g w a ll t o s e n d h e a t ini t w o o r m o r e r o o m s iii on ce. I o u n t e r l l o w a c i r c u l a t i o n a i d - in e v e n h e a t d i x t r i h o t i o i t w o siH***d fa n . W a l l m o u n t e d t h e r m o s t a t in c lu d e d . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

SAVE 815o 

(draftsman lawn tractor 

SALE 

Was *<>99 in 1 9 7 6 . Rugged lawn tractor really goes after the big jobs! The Craftsman 8-reserve power en­ gine gives you three forward speeds and reverse. Cuts a really big 36-in. swath and has five lever-controlled height positions. Gear box/differential drive. 1‘2-volt starter. 

S 2 o o O F F ! ( rall-m uti 
I;n> it Iraclor mower 

\\ ai I T W in | o 7 <*. IO Reserve Power clee- 
/f trio start engine, .‘(-speed transavle drive 
J with built-in differential. fit position lull- floating cutting head. 

Closeout of 1976 

 m o w e r s — all mowers shown available while quantities last. 

'• 'I O o f f ( ' r a f t s m a n 

2 o 
- i n . d u a l p o w e r 

E a g « ‘ r - I “ m o w e r 

6 7 3 9 2 
$ 1 2 9 .9 9 in 1 976 
9 7 3 3 2 
IO off 2 2-in 
•IO off 3 .5 -K P rear-hag m ower 
It s eag er to s ta rt b ecause you're eager to finish. High torque power c h u r n s th r o u g h tough, high grass, low t o r q u e for trim s . f> p o s it io n quick -adjust wheel adjusters. Com fort grip on handle. 

Vt a- S2oo.oo 
M. V I 77 

S«'lf |iro|i«*ll«’<l. Offer* I form ant kprnl*. 6-|Mi»ilioii 
(|*ii< k-tttljii't h lin l uiljti-lt r-. 

Save * 2 o ... 

 w ork-saving 

 w (»€hI wackier 
SAVE 31% to 42% 

44 
K rpnlar 
$7o.oo 
Your ehoiee 

V $ 1 ,o o .(iir ih Ihiu mi%» 

It. S .V 1*1 gru«« » h ra r* 
I!. $ 1 .o o a i o l i p r u n e r ll, $5.oo leaf anil tau ii rake 
I,. $>5.oo Im>»* riilti* 

I . $>5.oo r u g g t ii 
Inm 
(,. SI.**4* Iiam lv g a t i l i a Ilia* 

7 9 7 9 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 977 
Page 
I -K 
Fa st-food aide now is the boss 

DEDICATION REWARDED 

B y V E R O N IC A 

S A L A Z A R 

Arnold R. Villarreal was pumping gas when lie discovered what could make a success of his life without any formal education. 
Across the street from the gas station was a 
Chicken Delight fast food business and the movement in sales day in and day out opened Villarreal’s eyes. 
Self-motivation and knowing he was a winner. as long as he believed in himself, made it for him. 
The opportunity came 14 years later. 
While working a route delivering milk from 5 a m. to 5 p.m. he was offered the opportunity to manage a fast food restaurant but had to invest 5o per cent in the business. 

Sonic Industries 
In August of 1975 he be­ came the first Mexican 
American in Sonic In ­ dustries. Inc. 

\R\OLI) VILLARREAL 
. . . ‘living is education' 

He opened the first Sonic 
Drive-in in partnership in 
Edinburg and 12 months later the second in McAl­ len. 

From then on he has opened the door for IO other partner-managers all over the Rio Grande Valley and in Arizona, Corpus Christi, 
Laredo, San Antonio and 
Houston. 
Out of the IB he has given the opportunity to 15 Mexi­ can 
Americans to be manager-partners. 
“ While training in 
McKinney to learn opera­ tions for Sonic I knew tin' opportunity for me was not lust running one restaur­ ant. I felt my future was there to build as I chose.” 
Succeeds 
With hard work and de­ termination he has suc­ ceeded . 
His plans are to build three more restaurants in the Valley, one in Dallas, another in Houston, and after completion of this go work for the corporation to help built 55 in the next two years 
Villarreal's success came after many years of hard work. 
'I’he 41-year-old native of 
McAllen went to California 

Iii A u g u s t 
I i l i u m * a I b r ca in v the first M e x ic a n 
A m e r i c a n in S o n ic 
In d u s t r ie s , In c. 

 in 1957. three years after graduating from Edinburg 
High School. 
He worked for General 
Motors. North American 
Rockwell, and Walt Disney. 
Hi* held two jobs for two years and always worked parttime jobs. His part­ time jobs consisted of usher at a theater, "cook, dish­ washer, gas station atten­ dant, carpet cleaner, and helper at two fast-food drive-ins. 
He looked into several franchises but could not get the money to start the bu­ siness. 
While with Walt Disney he was given the opportun­ ity to move to Florida as a foreman but decided to save some money instead and return to the Valley. 
Ile returned to Edinburg in 19B9 with the goal to go 

 into the Chorizo (Mexican sausage) business but couldn't do it because of lack of money. He was 
# $1,5oo short. The best pay­ ing job was delivering milk on commission and this he 
<lid for three years. 
When he was interviewed for Sonic he knew this was it. 
He even drove lo Harlin­ gen. where a Sonic Drive-In already was in operation, to eat their hamburgers. 
After all. he wanted to know what they were offer­ ing him. 
Out of several applicants he was selected to open the first restaurant in Ed in ­ burg. 
Villarreal grew up in San 
Manuel (‘ill miles north of 
Edinburg). 
Living education lb' started working at an early age as a custodian in a drygoods store, later on a paper route, gas station, and cotton gin. 
He played football in high school where his team won the district championship in 1955. 

He says that ‘‘living” has been more than an educa­ tion for him 
‘‘Opportunity is hard to recognize but living will help you recognize the op­ portunity,” he said lh* passed opportunity three times because of lack of living, lack of exper­ ience, lack of money, and fear 
He had the opportunity at the age of 29 but he had no confidence because of the hardships, ups and downs. 
But he learned what it was to work for a living and now he serves as a model to many in tin' business world. 

I i H a r r e l l I s a y s o p p o rtu n itie s exist a n d it is u p to the in d iv id u a l to ta h r a d v a n t a g e of them. 

Villarreal says opportun­ ities exist and it is up to tin' individual to take advan­ tage of them. lh' compares life with a football team — know the rules and play them to win 
“ To be a winner in foot­ ball you lune to practice harder. To bi' a winner in business you have to work harder." in' said 

Ingredient 
One ingredient that V il­ larreal attributes to his success and that of his partner-managers is de­ sire. 

“ Desire is evident on a daily basis‘by this special breed of man. He does not own a watch nor need to know what time it is lh' is fiercely loyal to the com­ pany that personifies what he stands for He is the breed of man that seeks work to burn the energy of his desire." he said. 

Three years ago he start­ ed with only six full time employes and Kl part-time. 
Today he has 
IB partner-managers. each with assistant managers, and personnel which 

T hree y e a rs a g o 
In* started nit Ii It* p a r t - t i m e a n d f u l l - t i m e e m ­ ployes; he n o ir has alm ost HOH. 

 amounts to approximately 
99 full-timers and 2(1(1 part-timers. lh' served as vice presi­ dent of the Edinburg Bob­ cat Booster ('lub in 1975 aud din' to his loxe for sports Iii' has sponsored through 
Sonic men’s slow pitch, girls’ softball teams, and boys' basketball teams 
Ile is married to (lie former .lesusita I'rex inn and they have three children, Robert, 2(1. Glor­ ia, IS; Sandra. 17 

John Pomer coordinates of easy 

 care fabric by Klopman Mills 

It will be smooth sailing all day while you’re wearing these luxuriant separates by John 
Pomerl All of performance tested Suraline", an Easy Living" fabric woven by Klopman of Da­ cron" polyester. Select a contemporary navy blazer . . . $85 or slacks in navy or white ... $ 27. 
Complete the set with handsome sweaters in white or blue and white stripes or youthful fitting shirts in white or blue and white check . . . $ 2o . W e’ve charted a course of fashion styles we know you'll follow. 

M en 's Tailored Sportsw ear 
Dillards 

 age 
2-K 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I9 7 7 

PRICES ARE 

OPEN 9 ■ IO 

BIBB 

- f t , 
/ 
) i i 

V « r 
' 
* av' 

 x 
/* y// f 
‘Spring Meadow’ sheets 
o 4 4 

^ 
<, 
Nolron polyester and cotton. Spring florals and twin 

 butterflys. 

 misses’ nylon tops 

Fashion knit t-shirts. Short sleeves with smart, novelty applique trim fronts. In fash­ ion spring colors. S-M-L. 

 misses’ woven polyester pants 

Fantastic value. Woven tex­ tured polyester pants— ail with zipper fly.fronts. Waist with button trim, self belted or 2-pocket styles. Darks, brights and dusty colors. 
Sizes KF 18 misses’ spring blouses 

New for spring— bright ny- 
Ion knit blouses 
Choose from tucked trim shirt or slip tie blouse Long sleeve 
Pastel colors S M-L-XL 

 tun.................... 344 std.pc................2*V queen......................... 5M king p.c..................... 347* king............................ 6M 

TAX TIME HELPERS 

Lloyd’s 
7-function calculator 

L a rg a d.flitEon display %-kay 
•u n addon, discount 
Clear entry key and changa sign key Automatic constant on Aecnaigmg circut! built- rn Packed auth battel lea and case 

Dan River 

. e g g 
I twin floral print sheets 

Machine washable, no-iron polyester and cotton. Vivid floral prints in gold or blue colors. full....................................2” std. p.c........................... 24V 

 manila folders, reg. & legals. A ii* # • • • • • • 6 6 c 
3X5 index cards*,„•............................... 22* boxed envelopes/tablets*,*................... 3«.*1 
Cub stapler i« M 
I i • • • e a a a e a a a e a e e a a e e 

1ooo stapler refills*, ............................. 53* 
Dymo label maker*, ...............................66* 
2oo-ct. typing paper 
.........................88* check file box, top opening*, 
................. 144 file box, letter & jumbo letter size*, *•>......... 187 

 in ataonad colors 

Ai 

 your choice 

 rotuoa Copyright Globe Stoles inc prices eftecureitwu January 11, l f ti Wa teserva the right to limn quantities 

 mf. UH 

 huarache wedge 

Wov«n loather uppers. Po­ lished woodan wodgu & com fortable crepe like bottom In teen s & women’s sues to 1o. r 

Ii 

Davi s 

W hat’s in a name? 
Your fam ily’s heritage in a coat of arms. 
D A V I S 

By TOM WILSON and RAMON VASQUEZ y 
SANCHEZ 

The surname DAVIS is patronymic, meaning 
SON of DAVID (Beloved). 

More English-speaking people have family names der­ ived from DAVID than any other Old Testament name. 
The most common patronymic is DAVIS with DAVIES the Welsh form. 
In the British Isles DAVIES is the prevalent form, but in 
America there are 26 surnam ed DAVIS for every one named DAVIES. 
This is a peculiar difference in temperament between 
British people and Americans, possibly due to the latter’s impatient shortening of the vowel. 
MCTAVISH is the Gaelic form. 
In 1799, Samuel DAVIS. Esq., m ember of the Board of 
Revenue in Bengal, defended his house armed only with a spear. 
He stood in a narrow staircase for more than one and a half hours fighting off (he forces of the usurper, Vizier AU and his forces. 
This gave the cavalry which was IO miles away time to arrive and drive of the forces of Vizier Ali. 
It is said that he saved the settlement with his heroic deed. 
The DAVIS coat of arm s is described as follows: 
Argent, a chevron nebuly between three mullets in chief and another in base pierced sable. 
D eaf taught street law with signs 

I am hAm iiiic m d 

7142NORTH SAN PEDRO 
MILITARY DRIVE, S.W.I315SOUTH SANTA ROSA 

ASSOCIATED WIESS 
W A SH IN G T O N - Sy 
DuBow lectures to the eight students in his classroom. 
As he does, he holds his h ands before him in the semblance of a tipping pair of scales, the sign for a trial. 
Hecups two fingers in the shape of a letter “ G” and strikes his heart, the sign for guilty. 
DuBow. relying on sign language and lip-reading. is teach in g a co u rse in 
“ street law" to college un­ dergraduates who will face even more difficulty than m ost people with the in­ tric ac ies of legal procedures. 
His stu d e n ts are deaf. 
The course, the only one of its kind in the country, is a project of the N ational 
C enter for Law and the 
Deaf (NOLD). It is jointly sponsored by G allau d et 
College and the National 
Law Center of George Wa­ shington University. 
In trailer 

Located in a white trailer house on the c a m p u s of 
Gallaudet. the world’s only liberal arts college for the deaf, the center also oper­ ates a walk-in legal clinic fur deaf people, works for le g islatio n and co u rt rulings to help the deaf, and conducts deaf rights workshops. 
“ We hope that after too many years of the law be­ ing used against you, the 
NCL!) can help you to use the law for yo u rselv es,” 
Glenn A. Goldberg, execu­ tive d irecto r, said in an open letter to the deaf and hearing-impaiml this year. 
Until the center was es­ tablished in October. 1973, there was no national o r­ ganization to help deaf people solve their special legal problems. And there are 13.4 million people iii this country suffering from deafn ess or h earin g im ­ pairment. 
The pro b lem s m ainly arise from the communica­ tions barriers between the deaf and the hearing. Deaf people, for example, often are denied automobile in­ surance or are charged ex­ cessive p rem iu m s, say spokesmen for the center, 

 even though they m ight have excellent driv in g records. Their deafness is som etim es m istaken for mental deficiency and they are placed in mental insti­ tutions or schools for the retarded. In court, they have trouble g ettin g adequate interpreters, and som etim es law yers who understand their problems. 
The center grew out of a project u n d ertak en by three students in a legal activism class at George 
Washington. 
It o p erates under a 
3o-month grunt from the 
D epartm ent of H ealth. 
Education and W elfare. 
The appropriation for the cu rren t fiscal y ear is 
$8o,ooo, down 13 per cent because of cuts by the last 
Congress. 
Project grows 
The clinic is open on 
F rid ay afternoons, with students from Washington area law schools handling individual cases under the supervision of DuBow. a young law yer who specializes in public inter­ est law and is the center’s legal director. 
T here have been m ore than 3oo cases, beginning with one involving a G al­ laudet student who had been raped. Personnel of the center helped her to obtain a qualified sign lan­ guage interpreter. 
In another case. by ob­ taining an interpreter who could tra n sla te Hebrew sign language, they blocked 
Die deportation of a foreign visitor who had lost her 
U.S. visa. 
They effected an out-of- court se ttle m en t in a 
Mary land couple’s dispute with a landlord who was seeking to evict them because ut her hearing ear dog. 
W orkshops have been held in various cities on landlord-tenunt relations, problems of deaf people in dealing with the police, aud consumer protection. 
“ Most of our clime cases stem from communication failures, rather than from outright discrim ination," says Liz Kenuart, student director of the clinic. 
The center is seeking to set up sim ila r clinics in cooperation with organiza­ tions in 
P h ilad e lp h ia . 
Chicago and San Francisco. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 977 

PRICES GOOD THROUGH 
WED., JAN. 12TH 
ALSO GOOD SUNDAY, JAN. 9 TH 1 
AT THE BROADWAY LOCATION 

SEERSUCKER 

By Do ti R ive r 
(tS < Polyester 
.JJS' 
Cot ton 
M achine Wash 
Ivn'ryhody \v 
K t inkle Look h o r SprintI 
YARD 

EXTRA FANCY YARN DYES AND 
MINI JACQUARD • 
% POLYESTER 

Brights & Lights 
The just right knits for any dress or pant suits 

MATCHING 
BORDER 
PRINT 
Y A R D 
YARD W 

FAMOUS 
GINGHER 
SCISSORS 
WOVEN CREPE 
PAIR 

I In' period crepe tluit every tale uses for the lit iile or Bridesmaid. 
(lr .lust A Regular 
Dress. Betail Hut selection of colors 

PATTERN 
FILE BOXES 

POLYESTER 
THREAD 

LONG SHAG 
FUR 
9*d» ad £flsy 
DECORATOR^ 
DRAPER Y PRINTS 

LONG SHAG 
FUR SQUARES 
12”x l 2 ” 
“<-Raii\ (_Alo Slow* 
ROC LON 
DRAPERY LINING 
Face 75% Acrylic 25% rayon back I(X)% polyester 
By w t. face 7o% back 3o% 
Cetera; - Hw*** 
& 44H&" with 
With Hoota D a w * f H M U m Barb wark cf ContMBpomry j s- 

A t An E asy P rice 

IOO1?. Cotton — 48” Wide — W ashable — White or Ivory to add life to any decorator drupe* that you make 

YARD 
Ii tie iiuaniHies last 
^gg cd 
Qood $£ook 
HERCULON! OLEFIN 
UPHOLSTERY 

Casual SJW 
"Quote* 
CRUSHED ifl 
VELVET V? 
UPHOLSTERY 

 bricated and A djust* 
FREE 

Stain-re*i*tant IOO1*!) Herculon* Olefin fiber — 5 4 ' Wide — 
Rugged — Strikingly Modern Plaid*, yet ta dreeay enough for entertaining 
In all gorgeou* decorator *olid colors Re do your furn lure in heuuUful new upholstery at Great Having* Iv* 
Wide — 1ofl«. Rayon Face — 1oo% Cotton Back, l.( 
Weight f»7'* Rayon Fact/43% Cotton Back 
48 
YARD 
YARD 

^ 
5712 W URZBACH 
^ al Bandora Rd 
Rhone Ne 6R4 4I J7 
O R IN * oars A W it* 
Mon Rn 9 3o A M 9 R M Sal 9 3o A R M 

* 
6 o 1 4 WEST AVENUE 
Cornel el W ill Avenue I loop 41o 
Rhone Ne 349-1399 
ORCH 4 DA VS A W U K 
AAen Rn 9 3o A M 9 R M Sal 9 3o-4 R M 

933 PLEASANTON 
Rhene Ne 923 77 t i 
O R IN 4 DAYS A W IIK 
Men Rn 9 3 o A M R R M Sat 9 3o-4 

^ -"Tim ffTS'gr rrA'r - r " 4 
Cornel el Muiboth Rd and Loop 41o 
Rhene Ne 473 R U I 
O R IN 4 DAYS A W IIK 
Men Rn f;3o A M - 9 R M Sat 9 3o-4 R M 

1 1425 PERRIN BEITEL RD 
Rhone Ne 433 9392 
O R IN 4 DAYS A W IIK 
Men -Rn 9 3 o A M 9 P M Sal 9 3o 4 R M 

4815 BROADW AY 
Alamo Height* 
Rhene Ne R34 3449 
O RIN 4 DAYS A W IIK 
Met, Rn 9 IO A M -9 R M Sun I I iii 6 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 

» 
Mother Teresa radiant spirit 

A SSO O A ltD PHtbb 
CALCUTTA, India - 
The thousands who gather daily outside her missions for a free meal form a group portrait of human misery. 
They are beggars, lepers, the blind, the crippled, the dying, the unwanted. 
T h e s e a r e the sile n t le g io n s of C a l c u t t a ' s r e ­ sident m i ra c l e worker, a s e r e n e , r a d i a n t s p i r it named Mother Teresa. 
F o r the past th r e e d e c a d e s , the 66-year-old nun from Yugoslavia and her Missionaries of Charity have ministered to the suf­ ferin g poor in C a l c u t t a ’s s l u m s . g iv i n g th e m medical care, schooling, a bowl of g r u e l , a sl ice of bread, or just a clean place to flu*. 
“ T h e poor giv e us so m uch m o re than we give them.” Mother Teresa said in a re c e n t in t e r v i e w . 
“ T h e y ’re s u c h s t r o n g people, living day to day with no food and they never curse, never complain. 
“ We d o n ’t have to give them pity or sympathy. We have so much to learn from them .” 
Barefoot 

P a u s i n g for a lew mom ents from her barefoot ro u n d s at the hom e m i s ­ sion, Mother Teresa spoke cif how her missions devot­ ed to serving the poorest of the poor have now spread across India and into some 
14 lather countries 
But she refused to speak of herself, saying only 
“ if s Ills work, not mine.” 
“ Every day. every single d a y we see th e ha nd of 
God.” Motlier Teresa said 
“ We feed about 7oo peo­ ple a day and we've never run out of food, not once. 
But one day we found we had nothing, not a single piece of bread to give our people.” she said 
“ You know w hat happened? For some m y s ­ terious reason, the schools were suddenly closed that d a y and t h e i r b r e a d was bent to us. Now who else could have done that?” 
Mother Teresa said that just before Christm as one of her young sisters asked for some money to buy ice cream for everyone 

‘Too expensive’ 

“ I told her it would lie m u c h too e x p e n s i v e . ’’ 
Mother Teresa said 
A day later someone sent i i i some money with a note saying to use it for ice cream for the sisters See?” 

One of Mother T e re sa 's first major projects was the creation i i i 1947 of din* home for dying destitutes, locat­ ed i i i South Calcutta i i i a little b u il din g which had once adjoined the temple of th e Hin du g o d d e s s for whom the city was named: 
Hall. the Goddess of Des­ truction 

Each day Mother T e r e ­ s a ’s young s i s t e r s , with their crisp, blue-bordered white outfits, come to the home to try to turn desper­ ation into c h e e r for th e hundreds of dying poor who dot the streets of this d e ­ sp e r a te city of a mill io n people. 
"To love those whom no one loved, to want thos e whom no on e w a n te d , w h e t h e r they w e re th e crip p le d, th e a b a n d o n e d , th»‘ diseased or the dying.” 
— this is how Mother T ere ­ sa once described lier life's mission 

“ I see God i i i e v e ry h u m a n b e in g ' 
M o th e r 
Teresa once said "When I wash that leper s wounds I feel I am nursing the I.on* himself Is It not a beautiful experience?” 

Commitments 

She took her first vows in 
Loreto in 1931, h e r final vows in 1937. Until HMH she ta u g h t 
B e n g a li in tin* peaceful setting of the Lo­ reto school. 

It was on a tr am to the northeast India hill retreat of Darjeeling i i i 1946 that 

M o th e r T e r e s a s a y s sh e heard her second call, “ to s e r v e 
H i m a m o n g th e poorest of the poor.” 
Permission 
With special permission from Rome to live outside the convent and ab out 41) c e n ts in tier p o c k e t, she then started her first school 

 in the slums of Calcutta. 
I ii 195o sh e s t a r t e d th e order of the Missionaries of 
Charity, the seed of what is now 81 schools, m o re than 
3oo m e d i c a l d i s p e n s a r i e s and some 65 relief centers and missions in more than 
5o Indian cities. 
T h e re are also Missions 

 of C h a r i t y in 
14 o t h e r c o u n t r i e s , i n c l u d i n g Sri 
L a n k a , 
A u s t r a l i a , 
New 
Guinea, Italy, Ireland and 
England, and others in the 
M id d le E a s t , A fric a and 
Latin America. 
As Mother T e resa’s work spread, so did her recogni­ tion a n d s u p p o r t in the 

 form of contributions in In­ dia and aboard. 
All th e m o n e y s h e h a s received has turned into aid a n d p ro jects for the poor and diseased, and Mother 
Teresa and her sisters still lead the spare life of those they serve. 
Mother Teresa accepts no 

 direct financial assistance f r o m th e I n d i a n g o v e r n ­ ment, only an occasional gift of land for a new pro­ ject. 
In recent years, the rich of Calcutta have been giv­ ing increasing assistance to h e r w o r k , b u t 
M o t h e r 
T e resa said the help goes 

 out as fast as it comes in. 
“ God is our banker, He al­ w ay s p r o v i d e s , ” M o t h e r 
T e r e s a s m i l e d . “ S o m e ­ t i m e s it looks a s th o u g h there’s just nothing left but t h e n , s o m e h o w , a li ttle m o re help a lw a y s comes . 
T h at’s the delicate love of 
God. So beautiful, isn't it?” 

★ 51o3 SOUTH FLORES 

STOW! H O U R S:__ 
8 tOO TO 
1o:oo 
A.M. p .m . 
V 

DISC DUN 
SUPERMARKETS 

★ 41o7 BLANCO ROAD 
8:oo t o 
1o:oo 
A.M. 
P.M. 

★2o31 GOLIAD ROAD 
8:oo t o 
1o:oo 
A.M. 
P.M. 

★ 3414 NOG AUTOS 
8:oo t o 
1o:oo 
A.M. 
P.M. 

★ 23o7 VANCE JACKSON RD. 8:oo t o 
1o:oo 
A.M. 
P.M. 

★ 1o67 BANDERA RD. 
7:oo t o 
12:oo 
A.M. 
M IDNIG H T 

★ 435o CALLAGHAN ROAD 
7:oo t o 
I 2:oo 
A.M. 
M IDNIG HT 

• WE GLADLY ACCEPT FOOD STAMPS • 
PLUS TOP VALUE STAMPS 

THESE 

PRICES 

GOOD 

SUNDAY 

JAN.9TH 

THRU 

WEDNESDAY 

JAN.12TH 

1977 

AT AU “7” 

LOCATIONS 

C R Y -O -V A C — W HOLE 
BONELESS 
BRISKET 

ROEGELEIN’S 
BACON 
ENDS 

B. 

U.S.O.A. CHOICE BEEF 
CHUCK 
ROAST 
“ BLADE CUT” 

U.S.D.A. G RA D E “ A ” 
WHOLE 
FRYERS 
41 
LB. 

ROUND STEAK 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE 
BEEF 

“ SHOULDER c u t " 
LB.89 

SHORT RIBS 

U.S.D.A. 
CHOICE 
BEEF 
LB. 

RIB STEAKS 

U.S.D.A. 
CHOICE 
BEEF 
LB. 99 

GROUND MEAT 

FRESH 
5 LBS. 
DAILY! 
OR 
M O RE 
LB. 
★ DOUBLE TOP VALUE STAMPS EVERY WEDNESDAY ★ 

RUSSET 
POTATOES 

TEXAS 
VALENCIA 
ORANGES 

TREE RIPE” 

SALAD SIZE 
TOMATOES 

FRESH 

8 LB. 
BAG 

TANGERINES 

LBS. 

CALIFORNIA 
AVOCADOS 
BUTTERY RIPE 

9 $ 

T hough Motlier T e r e s a refuses to talk uuieh about herself, the broad outlines of her life and lier comm it­ ment to the poor are known. 

She was born i i i Yugos­ lavia on Aug 27, 191o, one of three children of an Al­ banian shopkeeper. 

At the age of 12. grow ing up in Skopje, she first knew she had a vocation to serve I the poor, and six years later she offered to join the Lo­ reto nuns doing missionary work in Calcutta 
SELL 
DTF 
NOW 
Youli be amazed at the bargains you find in the Want Ads! 

Cd! 225-1666 

TEXAS 
TREE 
RIPE STM OO 

D’ANJOU PEARS 

4 1 $ I OO 
SWEET 
JUICY 
SQUASH 
4TM 

YELLOW 
^ 
IBS. 

OR 
R H O 
ITALIAN 
R 
OO 
BELL PEPPERS 
I O 'I»C 
FRESH 
CROP 

★ DELUXE PHARMACIES * 34922?6351 
, 
51o3 SO. FLORES 
. 
1o67 BANDERA 
★ 
9 2 4 -4 3 8 9 
* 
4 3 2 -o 9 6 4 

TEXAS PRIDE 
LIGHT CRUST 
BEER 
6 PACK CANS 
FLOUR 
25 LB. BAG 

SHORTENING 
99' 

BAKE RITE 
42 OZ. 
CAN 

PAPER TOWELS 
44' 

DELTA 
JU M BO 
ROLL 

 whipping CREAM | 
23' ‘E 

FOREMOST 
»/* PT. 
SIZE 
S I 
COUPON GOOD THRU WED., JAN. 12. 1977 J J S 
LIMIT I - COUPON PIR CUSTOMER PLEASE 1 1 1 

★ TOP VALU E S T A M P S RED EM PTIO N CENTERS ★ 3 9 5 5 FRED ERICKSBU RG RD. A N D 2 o 2 5 G O L IA D RD. ★ 

It’s Super Sunday for Vikes. Raiders 

PASADENA, Calif. — In their final pre-game interviews both head coaches used different logic to agree that Sunday’s Super 
Bowl figures to be (I) a high-scoring affair and yet (2) a close contest. 
Oakland’s Johnny Madden is under the strong impression that two of the best quarterbacks in the business, his Ken Stabler and 
Minnesota’s Francis Tarkenton, will both be at their best. This brushes aside most thoughts of a defensive battle. 

EXPRESS NEWS SPORTS 

H 
Ja n u a ry 9 1 9 7 7 

Viking boss Bud Grant agrees that both sides are capable of piling a lot of points on the board and he thinks it will be “ extremely close” because of the character of the two teams. As he put it. “ neither team backs off or lets up after falling behind.” 
T hus som e a r e p re d ic tin g the highest total score and one of the most exciting Super Bowls in the 
11-year history. 
Grant made the flat statement that 
It “ won’t wind up as one of those 14-1o affairs.” He failed to mention what s wrong with a 14-1o affair. Nor did he hint as to exactly which range he ex­ pects this affair to end. Just a lot of scoring, very close and definitely not 
14-1o, no m a tte r which side would wind up with the 14. 
Defensive struggle 

Thus, some California cynics are now predicting a defensive struggle. 
No, not 14-1o. Maybe 7-3. 
But regardless of the num ber of points posted today a number of re­ cords have already moved into Super 
Bowl books. F o r one th in g , the 
1o3,425 tickets sold is, by far, the largest number ever. 
How m any of th o se tic k e t p u r ­ chasers show up today depends, of course, on the weather. 
Also, a re c o rd 1,951 have now- picked up press credentials for this contest. That’s about three times the n u m b er of rep o rters who covered 

Sports w riters favor R aiders 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - A majority of the sports writers and sportscas­ ters covering the Super Bowl game favor the Oakland Raiders over the 
Minnesota Vikings Sunday. 
In the annual Super Bowl pool. 76 members of the media chose Oak­ land, and only 46 backed the Vikings. 
One writer had the Raiders win­ ning 49-3. Another thought Oakland would win 37-9. 
M innesota’s backers w eren't as strongly behind the Vikings. One pick had Minnesota winning 42-37. 

D a n i f»ok 

O u r m a n 

 a l KI! XI 

World War II 
It should be mentioned, however, that only 715 are newspaper people while 65o are hired by the NFL to provide “ gam e services.” 
Services 
Such services include statistics of every kind and shape, the arran g e­ m e n ts of in terv iew s, b u lletin s on everything from Alan Page’s hemor- ro id s to Ken S ta b le r ’s p re -g a m e breakfast. 
At least a hundred of these hired hands are assigned to NBC-TV and their chores run from feeding notes of interest to announcers all the way to seeing that Gurt Gowdy and Don 
Meredith get to the gam e and into their booth on time. 
Meredith has drawn a lot of atten­ tion h e re a b o u ts for his le n g h th y praise and com m ents on two q u ar­ terbacks who call th eir own plays making it to the Super Bowl. 
It was an obvious slap at his old 
D allas coach. Tom L andry, when 
Dandy Don said, “ If a quarterback can’t understand a gam e plan at this point in the season and isn’t capable of calling the right plays then the coach should get another q u a r te r ­ back.” 
Don is still s m a rtin g b ecau se 
Landry never would let him — or anybody else, for that m atter — call plays that he preferred. 
The final touch to setting this Super 
Bowl stage was NFL Commissioner 
Pete Rozelle’s annual state of the union address to the press corps. 
P e te ou tlin ed the n ec essity of reaching a “ bargaining agreem ent” 

SPECIAL to THE EXPRESS NEWS 

PASADENA, Calif. — The Oakland Haiders and tile Minnesota 
Vikings go after the NFL championship that has proven so elusive for them in Sunday’s Super Bowl XI. 
After three days of rain, the weather turned fair Saturday and clear skies were forecast for the game to be played at the historic 
Hose Bowl. 

The Q uarterbacks 

Super Bow l XI features tw o o f pro fo o tb a ll's prem ier qu arte r­ backs, Fran Tarkenton, left, o f M in neso ta and Ken S tabler o f 
O a k la n d . Tarkenton holds several all-tim e N FL passing records, w hile S ta b ler, w ho threw 2 7 TD passes during the regular season, w as the le a g u e ’s lea d in g passer in 1 9 7 6 . 
See it, hear it 

Television 

• 1:3o p.m. (Ch. 4) — Super Bowl Pre-Game Show 
• 2:3o p.m. (Ch. 4) — Super Bowl XI 
Radio 

• 2:3o p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) - Super Bowl XI 

■MMR 

A capacity crow d of m ort’ than 
1o4,ooo fans will set an attendance record for the gam e which starts its second decade as an American sports extravaganza. 
The bad weather had had the NFL worried, and the league was prepared to dry the field artificially. 
“ We have two h e lic o p te rs on standby,” said Com missioner Pete 
Ro/.elle. “ The field is covered but there has been some flooding from the tunnels. It probably will be a little soft, but very playable if it stops raining.” 
Forecast 
As if on signal from Ro/.elle, it stopped rain in g Sunny skies and comfortable tem peratures iii the up- per 5os and low 6os. 
The R a id e rs, ch a m p io n s of the 
American Football Conference, are four-point favorites over the NFC champion Vikings. 
Both team s are trying to shake a loser’s rap that dogs them despite the fact that they have tin1 two best re­ cords in professional football this de­ cade. 
Minnesota is in the big gam e for tIn* fourth time and still is searching for its first Super Bowl victory. The 
Vikings lost 23-7 to Kansas City in 
1971), 24-7 to Miami in 1974 and 16-6 to 
Pittsburgh in 1975. 
The R aiders, winners of nine d i­ vision championships in the last Kl years, had made a habit of losing iii th** playoffs until this season. 
Oakland made it to the Super Bowl only once before in all those years, losing the second game of the series 
33-14 to Green Bay in 1967. 
Quarterbacks 
Offensively, each team depends on a passer rated am ong the best of football. Frau Tarkenton for Minne­ sota and Ken Stabler for Oakland 
Tarkenton owns every major NFL passing record and enjoyed another log year for the Vikings, throw ing for 
2.961 yards and completing a c onfer­ ence-high 61.9 per cent of his a t ­ tempts. His 255 completions led the 
* league. 
Stabler was the* NFL’s bepranked 

I BBK! 
Ii* 
Scouting Reports 
Pan*- is 
Dan Cook’s Column 

Super Bowl Rosters 

Ro/.elle Interview 
Page ss 
Xlth Hour Notes 
Page ss 

 passer based on a complicated for­ mula used by the league to measure quarterback efficiency Iii* led the league with 27 touchdown passes, and he tupped Tarkenton in completion percentage with a sparkling 66 7 
Both impressive 
Both quarterbacks have impressive tools at their disposal 
Chuck Foreman of the* Vikings is considered the* most versatile ru n ­ ning hack in football today. He rushed for 1,155 yards, fourth best iii the* NFC, and c aught 55 passes for 567 more, finishing second among con­ ference pass receivers. 
Joining him in the* backfield are 
Brent 
M cC lanahan and 
R o b ert 
Miller, who share Hic* other running back slot Between them , the* two rushed for 668 yards and c aught 63 passes for 433 yards 
At wide receiver, the Vikings use* 
See VIKES, page IS 
Hill nam ed to 
NFL rookie team 

David Hill of San Antonio, a tight end for the* Detroit Lions, was named 
Saturday to the NFL all-rookie team by the P ro F o o tb all W rite rs of 
America. 
Hill, who attended H i g h l a n d s High 
School and earned All-America hon­ ors at Texas AAI. was one of three 
Texans on the team 
'I’lic* others were Charles Philyaw of 
Te xas Southern and Glenn Bujnoch of 
Texas AAM Philyaw is a defensive end for the Oakland Raiders and 
Bujnoch plays offensive guard for the* 
Cincinnati Bengals 
For more details, sec* story on Page 
HS. 
Kramer gets MYP but South beaten 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
MOBILE, Ala. - North q u arte rb ack 
Steve 
P is a r ­ kiewicz won one race against the clock Saturday but lost another. 

Pisarkiewicz, from the University of Missouri, passed for two touch­ downs in the final two minutes to lead the North to a 27-24 victory over the 
South in S a tu r d a y ’s play-for-pay 
Senior Bow l football game. 
But to accom odate national tele- 

JO H N N Y PERKINS (44) of A bilene Christian receives a pass from Tom m y K ram er for the South’s first TD 

AP WIREPHOTO 
Delph leads Arkansas past Houston, 81-7o 

ASSOCIATED PRISS 

Marvin Delph sparked a second- half Arkansas rally Saturday night, leading the Razorback* to an 81-7o 
SWC basketball victory over Houston. 
Delph scored 24 of his game-high 28 points in the second half as the 
IKth-runked Razorba* ks broke open a close game and rolled to their second conference victory without a loss 
Sidney Moncrief scored 22 points for Arkansas, which is 1o-1 overall. 
In other SWC games. Baylor edged 
Texas, 75-73; Texas Tech crushed 
Rice, 83-58; and SMU defeated TCL’, 
65-55. Texas AAM did not play. 
Otis Birdsong led Houston with 22 points, well below his 3o.2 average. 
Houston, now o-1 in conference play and 1o-4 overall, led 34-33 at halftime. 
S herm an P atton sank two free 

 throws with 12 seconds left to give 
Baylor its victory over Texas. 
Patton’s free throws gave the Bears a 75-71 lead and cinched their second conference win in as may m any starts. 
Ron Baxter scored at the buzzer for 
Texas, which is now o-2 in SWC play 

✓ S U L K O I M U I* 

 and 4-6 overall in its first season under Coach Abe Lemons. 
Baylor built a 39-28 halftime lead against the host Longhorns by hitting 
74 per cent of its shots from the field, 
Texas, which trailed by 13 in the 

See ARKANSAS, Page HS 

 vision and its own ticking clock, the 
Most Valubale Player award and all the big money was handed out before his last-minute heroics. 
The MVP award went to Tommy 
Kramer of Rice, the South quarter­ back who completed 16 of 32 passes for 242 yards and two touchdowns.' 
K ram er, from San Antonio, re ­ ceived a new automobile for being named the gam e’s top player. 
Early vote 

T he fiv e -m e m b e r S enior Bowl committee, composed of pro scouts, had chosen Kram er as the top player and handed out $2,5(8) prizes to four others m inutes before Pisarkiewicz turned hero. 
A Senior Bowl spokesman said the awards were decided before the end of the gam e so they could be an­ nounced on NBC, which televised the game. 
Some Senior Bowl officials talked of coming up with a special prize for 
Pisarkiewicz, but no immediate de­ cision was reached. 
Both of P is a r k ie w ic z ’s fourth quarter TD passes were caught by 
Tony Hill of Stanford. 
Winning TD 
The winning touchdown pass was a four-yard lob into the right corner of the end zone with 33 se co n d s r e ­ maining. 
P isarkiew icz com pleted 23 of 4o passes for 2o1 yards. 
The topsy-turvy gam e began with first the North and then the South scoring on their opening possessions. 
The North led 14-1o at halftim e, thanks to a 44-yard touchdown pass from Ronnie Hickerson of Tulsa to 
John Kimbrough of St. Cloud State in 
Minnesota. 
But the South came back strong in the third period, with Terry Robiskie of LSU sweeping right end f n m four yards out to make the score 17-14. 
The TD was set up when Wendell 
Tyler of UCLA fumbled a towering punt at the North 19 
Then 
R obiskie te a m e d with 
K ram er for ail 8o-yard strike that gave the South a 24-14 lead until 
Pisarkiewicz got warmed up. 
K ram er’s passing was instrum en­ tal in all of the South’s scoring drives but one, when Auburn quarterback 
Phil Gargis came in after an inter­ ception by 
M ississip p i 
S tate 

Penner’s 

SEMI-ANNUAL CLEARANCE 
SALE 

NO SPECIAL PURCHASES 
ALL REGULAR MERCHANDISE 

Spurs (es* Portland - 

ENTIRE STOCK 
OF 
VESTED SUITS 
2o% TO 3o% 
OFF 

INCLUDING 
JOHNNY CARSON 
& BOTANY SOO 

 sizes 36 TO S6 

ENTIRE STOCK 
OF 
LEISURE 
SPORT 
SHIRTS 
WERE $22 to $25 
NOW 
$ | 5 8* 

MEN’S SHOES 
SPECIAL GROUP 
STACY ADAMS 
FLORSHEIM 

WERE 34.93 To S9.9S 

NOW 
23.95,o 44.95 

Entire stock not on sole. Large selections of style & colors but not all sties. 

ALL LEISURE SUITS 25% OFF 

Park Free in our spacious lot dire ctly behind store. 
311 W. Commerce St. 
Phone 226-2487 

-Page-2-S' 
H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 1977 
Sports on 
Radio-TV 

TELEVISION ll a.m. (Ch. 5) — NBA Basketball: 
Los Angeles at Detroit. 
11:3o a.m. (Ch. I) - NCAA Bas­ ketball: North Carolina vs. Maryland. 
I p.m. (Ch. 5) — Phoenix Open 
Coif: Final Hound. 
1:3o p.m. (Ch. I) — Super Bowl 
Pre-Game Show. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 4) — Super Bowl XI: 
Minnesota Vikings vs. Oakland 
Raiders. 
5:3o p.m. (Ch. 4) — Super Bowl 
Post-Game Show. 
RADIO 
2:3o p.m. (WOAI. 12oo) — Super 
Bowl: Minnesota vs. Oakland. 
8:3o p m. (WOAI, 12oo) - San An­ tonio Spurs vs. Portland Trail 
Blazers. 

Spurs, Portland clash 

By JIM HUTTON 
Of THS FXPttSS-NEWS STAFF 

PORTLAND — Doug Moe sighed and said, “ I thought we would get that one in Seattle. I was more concerned about the game here.” 
Well, the Spurs did not get that one in Seattle, losing 131-124, without a second-half defense, and now must face the Trail Blazers Sunday night in the Memorial Coliseum. 
Tipoff is 9 p.m. San Antonio time. 
Three items worry Moe going into the final game of this West Coast trip. 
First, there is Portland’s home re­ 

 cord. It is 21-1 which happens to be the finest in the NBA. 
Second, Trail Blazer Bill Walton is hack and logging more playing time. 
Walton played in Portland’s last two games after being sidelined for an equal number of contests with a bruised kneecap. 
He played 28 minutes but scored only IO points in Portland’s 13o-118 romp over New Orleans Friday night. 
Third, Moe is again asking himself about the Spurs’ defense which seems to go into hibernation nearly every time the club hits the road. 
“ The Seattle game was the worst defensive game we’ve played all 

 year,” Moe said. “ Our defense lost the game. If we had played good de­ fense, we could have won it.’’ 
San Antonio had a 68-61 halftime advantage, then fell apart after­ wards. The outcome prompted Sonics 
Coach Bill Russell to say, “ It was like the shootout at. the OK Corral.” 
Upon arriving in Portland Saturday afternoon, Moe canceled the origin­ ally announced practice session in favor of a team meeting. 
The chief topic certainly was the defense. 
“ Even with our high scores we’ve been playing good defense,” Moe continued. “ Our defense has been really leading and opening the way 

 for our offense. 
“ Then through the second half we just stood around on defense.” 

Entering Sunday’s game, Portland is ranked fourth in the NBA in team defense and fifth offensively. The 
Spurs arc last and first, respectively. 

Moe’s lineup remains intact from the Seattle game with Mike Gale and 
George Gervin at guards. B illy 
Paultz at center, and Larry Ketion and Allan Bristow at forwards. 
Portland Coach Jack Ramsay will counter with guards Dave Twardzik and Tom Gilliam, Walton at center, and Bob Gross and Maurice Lucas at forwards. 
DOUG MOE 
. streases defense 
Mayfield bows out at WTSU 

CANYON (AP) — Embattled Gene Mayfield, struggling under the pressure of maintaining big time football at West Texas State, resigned as head coach and athletic director Saturday effec­ tive April I. 

Mayfield, 48, handed his resignation to John Shelton 
III, the chairman of the 
Board of Regents. 
Businessmen had asked the Board of Regents this week for 3o days to raise the 
$3o8,ooo the school needed to keep its football program on a first class looting. 
TarHeels chalk up easy win 

C H A P E L H ILL. N C . 
(A P) — Sixth-ranked North 
Carolina, out for revenge ofter last year’s loss to 
Virginia in the Atlantic 
Coast Conference finals, rode hot shooting by 
Tommy LaGarde and Phil 
Ford to an easy 91-67 col­ lege basketball victory Sa­ turday. 
North Carolina, now 1o-1 overall and 2-o in the ACC. was in command early and led 43-27 by halftime. The 
Tar Heels stayed out in front the rest of the way, riding a 72 per cent shoot­ ing performance, led by 
LaGarde’s 24 points and 
Ford’s 21. 
• Virginia guard 
B illy 
Langloh sank 2o points and 
Marc Iavaroni added 19 for the Cavs, who are o-2 in the conference 

“ Ive I icon meeting with a group of the area busin­ essmen these last few days who will head up this fund drive,” .said Mayfield. "It was not an unanimous opinion but certainly a ma­ jority opinion that it might be easier to raise the money if someone else were foot­ ball coach and athletic dir­ ector. 
“ With that in mind, it was a natural decision. I have never wanted to be a detriment to the athletic department or to the school or to the area as a whole. In that light, I thought it would be best for me to tender my resignation.” 
It was a particularly tough decision for Mayfield because he starred as a quarterback at the school and guided the team to its best record in history in 
195o when the Buffs went 
1o- 1. 
Mayfield had three more years to go on his contract but sources told the Amar­ illo Globe News that he settled for one year which was paid by some area bu­ sinessmen. 
Record 
Mayfield had a 24-39-2 record at W TSU of the 
Missouri Valley Conference in six years. 
He left Odessa Permian to come to W TSU after compiling a 62-1o record that included one state schoolboy football title. He was 62-13 at Borger High and 32-12 at Littlefield. 

Evans-led 
W est slips past East 

HONOLULU (AP) — Scrambling Vince Evans of Southern California, a last-minute addition to the West roster, had a hand in three touchdowns including a dramatic clutch drive as the West beat the East 2o-17 in the 31st annual Hula Bowl- game Saturday. 

VINCE E V A N S of USC scores touchdow n in Hula Bow l ga m e Saturday 

HALLMARK AERO-TECH 
Y O U R CAREER IN 
A V IA T IO N 
M A IN T E N A N C E 
T EC H N O LO G Y 
N EXT ENTRY C LA SS JA N . 31 ST 

BECOME A LICENSED AVIATION 
MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN 

• t o o t o M MATIS toltotoM 
• fealty t o f AA AAT 
• TAA t o t o 
* Caam Darattaa l l 
® tiaai Fa Aktoai v t Maaplaal D JaS Miaaart AuMaKt far Fwrtftar f tow aW a Oa A Caraar ta AetaMea Ca*. V t * 
IO* TECH 

(Till a r 

Kramer MVF, but South falls 

AP WIREPHOTO 

Continued from Page IS 

 linebacker Ray Cost id set up the 
South at its own 42. 
Gurgis took the South down to the 
2o. where his Auburn teammate, Ned 
O’Donoghuc, booted a 37-yard se­ cond-quarter field goal to make it 
1o-7 for the South. 
Pisarkiewiez, with a 25-yard pass to Tyler doing most of the damage, marched the North 42 yards, and 
Pete Johnson of Ohio State butted over from the one for the game’s opening score. 
Kramer drove the South right back for the tying score on a 74-yard march, capped by a 12-yard pass to 
Y’ALL COME! 
VISIT OUR ALL-NEW FACILITIES 
FOR BRAND NEW DEALS 

TOUGH GUY RADIALS 
39’5 
13 
WHITEWALL TUBELESS 
PLUS 2.11 F.l. TAX 

GR-7814 
GR-78-15 
HR-78-14 
HR-78-15 

WHITEWALL TUBELESS PRICE EACH PLUS 
FEDERAL EXCISE TAX Of 2.49 to 3.15 

The 

New 

N O W ! 4 o o S. Flore* of Duron go 

 depending on size 

Tire Com pany 

2 2 6 - 4 1 1 1 

Johnny Perkins of Abilene Christian. 
The North and South players turned professional during the game, the winners receiving $1,5oo each and the losers $1,25o. 
Along with the free car for Kramer, four players picked up an extra $2,5oo each in individual awards. 
They were split end Randy Burke of Kentucky, defensive lineman A. J. 
Duhe of Lousiana State, Johnson of 
Ohio State and linebacker Terry 
Beeson of Kansas. 

Norm 
7 7 
o I J— l f 
Sooth 
J J 14 
•— 24 
N — Jo hnson I run (B e a v e r h ic k ) 
S — P e rk in s I ? p a ss (ro m f r a m e r (O 'D on- oghue tuck) 
S — F G O D onoghue 37 
N 
— K im b ro u g h 44 p a s s (ro m N ic k e r s o n 
A&I opens with victory 

Newcomers Anthony Garner and Marshall 
Davis provided the winning punch Saturday night as Texas A&I and Howard Payne opened their Lone Star Conference seasons with vic­ tories. 

(Hoover kick! 
S — Robiskie 4 run (O Donoghue k ir k ) 
S - Robiskie BO boss From K ro m e r (O D on conge kirk) 
N — H ill l l d o ss (ro m P is o rk ie w ic * (H o o v e r 

N 
— 
H ill 
4 
PO SS 
(ro m P is o r k ie w ic i 
(k ick failed I 
A — 4o 6(6 
North South 
F irs! downs 
JO 
7o 
Rushes yards 
42 7o1 
28 9o 
Passing yards 
238 
771 
Return yards 
IO 
JS 
Passes 
27 47 J 19 37 o 
Punts 
V J7 
7 34 
Fumbles lost 
) I 
J 2 
Penaitievyords 
4-2S 
I S 

Garner, who became eli­ gible at mid-term and was playing in his first game, put A&I ahead to stay with two free throws just before halftime as the Javelinas gored Angelo State, 87-82, rn Kingsville. 
Davis hit IU of 14 field goal tries and eight straight free throws as Howard 
Arkansas St falls, 7o-65 

JONESBORO, Ark (A P) 
— The Natt brothers, Cal­ vin and Kenny, and Jerry 
Walker scored 16 points each to take Northeast Lo­ uisiana to a 7o-65 win over 
Arkansas State Saturday night. 
The visitors, who extend­ ed their record to 8-4, came back from a IO point deficit in the second period. 
Walker did most of the da- 

I mage in that half on outside jumpers 
Stan Henderson paced 

I the Indians with a season- 

I high 28 points. 

Payne ripped Southwest 
Texas, 79-67, for a key road victory in San Marcos. 
Davis is a freshman from 
Austin and the younger brother of II PU cager Terry 
Davis, who had 17 points. 
In the only other confer­ ence game Stephen F Aus­ tin ripped Tarleton State, 
95-66. In a non-eonfereneee game, East Texas State clipped East Texas Baptist of the Big State Conference, 
8o-73. 

H O W A R D P A Y N E (7*>: G rtg o ry 
o 4-4 4. N o rrito n I I J 17, D ob bs I o— o 
7. M. Gov it IO S I TI, Hoi! i 7 2 17, T. 
Dow n / 7 3 14. Total* JI I M * 7*. 
S O U T H W E S T T E X A S (47); 
Trull 
1 o-2 2, F rn k a 5 OOO o IO, M c D o n a ld 3 
o o 4. Front* 6 o o 12, H ovn e s S o-2 IO, 
M e lto n 4 O O 12, W ish a m 4 S t 13, 
H a z e lto n I O I 2,. Total* JI S IJ 47 
Halftim e H ow ard P a yn e 4S, SW T 
J4 Total P o u lt; N P O ‘14, SW T 21 fouled Du* 
Non# SW T it now 2 11 and o I H P U It IO 2 ond I o 

A N G E L O S T A T E - l l 
Johnny 
B o w e n * 12 OO 24, L e a c h s 4 4 14, 
Young 6 7 4 >4, M 'hO r 4 ? S IO, Low rente J J S *, O m e r J J 4 9, B a n d y o 
OOO, Cordon I OO J. Total* 34 14 72 
12 
TEXAS AAI (17): 
W ilnom t 13 J 4 
7*, Johnson 7 4 4 ll. M c Lei land 4 4 4 
12. H orre ll 3 3 4 *, C o rn e r 2 3-4 7, 
M o o t 3 o o 4, Flynn 7 2-2 4. Elliott OO O 
o T d o lt 34 I* 21 87. 
Halftim e 
A A I 4S. A SU 41. T otal* 
Foul*: ASU 22, AAI 2o. Fouled Out: 
Cr mer and Young. 

IN D IV ID U A L L E A D E R S 
R U S H IN G — North, Tyler 17-1o4. Johnson 
17 83 South. Wilton ll S4, Outliver 9 2o 
R E C E IV IN G — North. Kimbrough 8 1o2. Hill 
S4 I South, Burke 11)24, Perkins 4 37, Robltkle 
1-8o 
PA SSIN O — North. Pisorkiew ici 23-4o 2, 7o1 v o ro t. N ick erso n 4 7 1, 17. South, K ro m e r 
1432 o, 242, Corgis 3 SO. 2* 
WTSU tumbles by 43-41 

AMARILLO (A P) - In- diana State went into al­ most a five minute stall in which it didn't take a shot 
Saturday night and outlast­ ed West Texas State 43-41 behind Larry Bird 's 12 points in a non-conference basketball game. 

The deliberate Syca­ mores scored eight of the first nine points in the se­ cond half to erase a 24-22 
WTSU advantage. 

West 
Texas jumped ahead 3532 with 12 5o to go but Indiana State scored six straight points, four by 
Harry Morgan, to grab a 
38-35 lead with just over ll minutes to go. 

That’s when the Syca­ mores, now 12-1, went into their delay game. 

Gene Smith of West Tex- had high game honors 

 inc quarterback con­ nected on a 45-yard bomb to 
Trojans teammate Shelton 
Biggs to set up a three-vard touchdown run by 
Missouri’s Curtis Brown with 1:13 remaining. 
Evans ran two yards for a touchdown on his first ap­ pearance in the first quarter and tossed a se­ ven-yard scoring pass to tight end Don Hasselbeek of 
Colorado after going in on a third-and-goal situation in the fourth quarter. 
Dorsett 
Heisman trophy winner 
Tony Dorsett. who ran 47 yards for an Easftouch- down and finished with 98 yards and 19 carries, was named the game’s out­ standing offensive player. 
But the ballots had been counted before Evans went to work. 
Trying the right end on third-and-goal at the seven. 
Evans reversed, backed off nearly 2o yards and ap­ peared to have a safe con­ voy to the end zone on the left side. He pulled up, however, and lobbed the ball to Hasselbeek to cut the East lead to 17-14 with 
6:o3 left. 
Punt 
After an eight-yard punt by Tom Skladany of Ohio 
State gave the West pos­ session at its 48, Evans went for broke, missing a bomb to Hasselbeek and then finding Diggs at the seven. 
Fullback Robin Earl of 
Washington bulled to the three, then Brown, who fumbled earlier to kill a 
West drive, raced around right end for the winning touchdown. 
Skladany kicked a 
41-yard field goal in the 

East 
3 7 7 o— 17 
We* I 
7 o o 13-7o 
We*t — E van s 2 run (M ichel kick) 
Eost — FO Sklodony 4) 
E a s t — C o rb e tt 12 p a s * fro m 
Dungy (Sklodony kick) 
Eost — Dorsett 47 run (Sklodony kick) 
W est — H asselbeek 7 p a ** from 
Evans (Michel kick) 
West - Brown 3 run (kick tailed) 
A - 4S.S7* 

First downs 
Rushes vara* 
Passing yards 
Return vords 
Posses 
Punts 
Fum bles lost 
Penalties- yards 

Eost 
13 
42 ISO 
134 I* 

WestI* 
441o4 
714 
47 

 first quarter for the East. 
The East scored its first touchdown on a 26-yard se* cnnd-quarter drive follow­ ing a fumble by the West’s 
Ricky Bell of Southern Cal. 
Tony Dungy of Minnesota rifled the ball 12 yards to tight end Jim Corbett of 
Pittsburgh for the score. 
Wharton in finals 

SPtCIAl TO the (((PRISS N (W S 

LAREDO — Laredo's 
Javier Gonzalez missed a 
22-foot jumper at the buzzer 
Saturday as the Wharton 
Pioneers beld on for an 
86-84 win over the 
Palominos in the semifin­ als of the 
Laredo 
UC 
Tournament. 
Wharton met Alvin Sa­ turday night in the finals after Lee College of Bay­ town tripped Laredo, 87-67, for third place. 

Consolation Sem ifinals 
S C H R E IN E R (*S>: 
Mike Oabnev 
37, Cene Meggett IS. Ed Ravenel 
14, Le* Tomlinson 12, Roberts 8, 
Jenkins 4. Youngolod -I, Anderson 4, 
Thompson 2, Davis 2 
C A R Y J O B C O R P S ( T i): 
Eel 
Snannon 24. Roosevelt Thomas 13. 
Prod Reeves 14, BraoOnov 7, B u r­ ton 6. Cole 2, William s 2. 
Halftime 
Schreiner 4S. G orv 37. 

Cham pionship Sem ifinals 
W H A R T O N (84). 
Mike Wendell 
24, Lonny Novak 17, Tim Walsh 13, 
Andv Roy 12. Don Baker IO. Web­ ster 8. Longest 2 
L A R E D O (84); 
V a ria n t D river 
21, Rusty Stealer IS, Juon Reyno 14, 
Jo e y C a vo io s 14. D eC overiev 7, 
Condole*. K ro m er 2, R om ire* 2, 
Hon 2 
Halftime 
Laredo 44, W horion 41. 
Regulation *7-67. 

O T H E R G A M E 
Alvin 94. Lee Coll 77 
Consolation Finals 
S C H R E IN E R CZI>: 
Mike Dobnev 
14, T o m lin so n 9. Thom pson 8. 
Roberts 8. Meggett 8. Ravenel S, 
Jenkins 4. Youngblood 4, Anderson 
4. Oavis I. O Rcorke 2. Porter 2 
A U T O N O M A N U E V O L E O N (47) 
GuiHmero Torres IS, isias G orjo 
16. Po* 8. G a rc ia 7. T revin o 7, 
Sakuar 2. 
Halftime; 
Schreiner 
38. 
Au- tonoma 34. 

Third Ploce 
L A R E D O (47) 
Ja vie r Con*ole* 
16, Vonjonl D river 14. Juan Reyno ll, C avajos I. Holt 8. DeCoveriev 6. 
Stealer 4. 
L E E (7 7 ): 
D u an e J o h sn IS. 
Jam es N o rris 17, Calvert Shelley 
14, Sieve Laubach IO, M cN e al 8, 
Torney 4, Neat 6, Penney 4, Bell 2 
Halftime. Lee S4. Laredo 34 

8-2 S I 133o7 
7 9 41 
J 44 
2 1 
S 7 
I S 
3-SO 
IN D IV ID U A L L E A D E R S 
R U SH IN G - Eosl. Dorsett 1o 98. 
Lytle ll 4o West. Eo rl ll 77, Brown 
9 6o. Bell 17 S? 
R E C E IV IN G - Eosl, Corbett S 7S. 
Setvers I 43 W est. Hortwtg S 114, 
D>oos ) 66. Hosseibotk 7 7s 
PA SSIN G - Eost. Dungy V IV I, 17 vords, Sioger J 1o-o, 49 West. Per- r ago mo 4 IV 2, 141; Evan s 3 4 o. 42. 
Poth 4 J I O. M. 

DISCOTHEQUE 
FOR SALE 

GROSS $5oo,ooo IN 1976 
25% NIT 
$1oo,ooo CASH TO HANOI! 
P.O. BOX 2564 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78229 

 as with 15 as the Buffalo cord dipped to 7-5. re- 

INDIAN A STA TE (43) 
Morgon 
S OO IO Bu d 4 O O 17. Webster I 2 7 4. 
J Smith SOO IO, King 3o o4, Johnson 
o I J I, Nick* o O O o. Mitev o GO o. 
Totals 7o 3 4 43 
W B ST T E X A S (41): 
Schreck o 
7 2 2. E Smith 7 I 2 IS, Addison 6 o-o 
12. Cheeks 4 o-o I. M Jones 2 OO 4. 
Taylor oGo o, 6 Jones OO OO Total* 
I* J * 41 
Halftim e W TSU 24, Indiana Slat* 
72. Total toui*-indlgna M ate IO, West 
T««a* t. A--J,ooc 

■ 

Pate leads by I over Stockton 

PH O EN IX (AF’) — Je rry Pate had to birdie the final bolo — rolling in the short putt moments after the national television coverage ended — to break a tie with his 
World Cup partner Dave St nekton and take the third round lead Saturday in the mid uet, $2o(1.ooo Phoenix Open Golf Tourna­ ment . 
Pate’s six-footer on the final hole at the 
6,726-yard Phoenix Country Club course, gave him a third round 7o and a 54-hole total of 2o4, nine under par. 
Stockton, the current PG A national champion, played well in front, of Pate, who won the U S. and Canadian Opens in his remarkable rookie season and partnered 
Stockton as the American team in the 
World Cup competition only four weeks ago. 
Stockton had come from seven strokes off 

 the pace to gain a share of the lead in this inaugural of the 1977 PG A tour with a seven-under-par 64. the best round of the tournament, and was in the clubhouse with a 265 total when Pate played the 18th The slender. 23-year-old Pate drove in trouble, had to play back out to the fairway, then hit a long-iron third shot only six feet from the flag on the final hole 
He made that putt for birdie four—and the one-stroke lead— moments after the 

^ S C O R E S , P ap e C S 

 national television cameras had cut away for the day. 
Stockton’s best round of the tournament was put together despite the adverse weather and some difficulties he was hav­ ing with his driver. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 1977 

Hill among honorees 

DAVID HILL 
. . first team 

LOS A N G ELES (AF*) — Minnesota Vikings wide re ceiver Sammy White, who caught 51 passes for the Super 
Bowl team, was named Saturday as National Football 
League rookie of the year by the Pro Football Writers of 
America. 
White, a 5 foot ll, 185 pounder from Grambling, also was named to the writers' all rookie team 
El HST TE AM 
Offense 
Wide receivers, Sammy White. Minnesota, and Steve 
Largent. Seattle; tackles. Mark Honour. Green Bay, and 
Dennis Lick, Chicago; guards, Tom Glassie, Denver, and 
Don Macek, San Diego, center, Randy Cross, San Fran­ cisco, tight end. Dave Hill, Detroit; quarterback, Jim 
Zorn, Seattle; running backs, Clark Gaines, New York 
Jets, and Chuck Muncie, New Orleans; kicker. Chris Bahr, 
Cincinnati. 
Defense 
Ends. Gary Burley. Cincinnati, and Charles Philyaw, 
Oakland; tackles, Steve Niehaus, Seattle, and Mike 
Dawson. St Louis, middle linebacker, Harry Carson, New 
York Giants; outside linebackers, Gregg Buttle, New York 
Jets, and Reggie Williams. Cincinnati; corner hacks. Mike 

Haynes, New England, and Marin Clark, Buffalo; safeties, 
Jam es Hunter. Detroit, and Tim Fox. New England, punter. Rusty Jackson. I,os Angeles 
SECOND TE AM 
Offense 
Wide receivers. Billy Brooks. Cincinnati, and Brian 
Basehnagel. Chicago, tackles, Steve Young, Tampa Bay, and Matt Herkenhoff, Kansas City; guards, Buss Rolinger 
Detroit, and Glenn Bu.inoeh, Cincinnati, center, Pete 
Brook, New England; tight end, Benny Cunningham, 
Pittsburgh, quarterback. Mike Kruczok, Pittsburgh; running barks. Archie Griffin. Cincinnati, and (tic) 
Lawrence Gaines. Detroit, and Tony Galbreath, New 
Orleans, kicker. Fred Steinfort. Oakland 
Defense 
Ends. Leroy Selnion. Tampa Bay, and Troy Archer, New 
York Giants, tackles, John Woodcock, Detroit, and Ken 
Novak, Baltimore; middle linebackers, Jinibo Elrod. 
Kansas City; outside linebackers. Larry Gordon, Miami, and Dan J lick, Buffalo; rornerbacks, Aaron Kyle, Dallas, and Frank Reed. Atlanta, safeties, Mike R e in fe c t. 
Houston, and Garv Barbaro, Kansas City, punter. Damn 
White. D a ll a s . 
Good News. Son Antonio! 

Pocket Real Savings 
On Our Best-Selling 
Goodyear Bias-Ply 
Tire, Monday, 
Tuesday, Wednesday Only. 

A78-13 Blackwall plus $1.73 F E T. and old tiro 

'All-Weather' Bias-Ply 

B/8 13 blackball plus $ 1 8 o 1 E T and old tire 

Blackwall 
Size 
Our Low 
Price 
Plus F E T, and old tire 

E78-14 
$ 2 5 5 o 
$2.26 
F78-14 
$28.25 
$24 2 
G78-14 
$29.5o 
$2 58 
G78-15 
$3o.75 
$265 

WHITEWALLS $3.5o MORE 

'Polyglas' Double-Belted 

'Cushion Bott 
Polyglas'$265o 

A 78-13 blae Ii wall pill*- $1.73 I I T and old Ore 

Black. wall 
Size 

Our 
Low 
Price 

Plus 
H T . and old tire 

B78-13 
$27.95 
$1.8o 
C78-14 
$29.2o 
$2o1 
E78-14 
$3o.5o 
$2 26 

I Black- wait 
Size 

Our 
Low 
Pi lr «- 

Ptua 
P E T. and old tire 

I F78-14 
$33.3o 
$242 

J G78-14 
$34.8o 
$2 58 

1G78-15 
$35.8o 
$2 65 

W H IT EW A LLS $3 OO M O R E 

$ 

True Radial Construction 
WHITEWALL 78 SERIES 
95 
39 

AU7R 13 whitewall plus JI 84 l f T and old lire 

'Polyglot Radial 

T ruo R a d ia l co n stru c tio n with d o u b le f ib e r g l a s s b e lt s an d two ply po lye ste r c o rd b o d y 

Whitewall 
S U * 
Out La w 
P rice efua I t f and old m a 
HH 78 13 
$43.SS 
OO 
EH/8 14 
$4/9o 
$? 41 
TH 78 14 
$S1 8o 
%? S4 
GR78 IS 
$55.45 
$ ? 7o 
HR78 IS 
$81 95 
$2 98 
LR78 IS fb b 95 
$ \ ?8 

WHITEW ALL W IDE TREADS 

WMtewati 
S ir * 
Oui Lew e n , « elite r n and old m a 
AM 7o 13 
$48 55 
$? r>i 
DM7o 14 
$51 3o 
$2 5? 
GM 7o I i 
$58 65 
1 i rn 
HH 7o 14 
$63 35 
$ 3 .3? 
GM7o IS 
$6o 25 
$3 16 
HR TO IS '" 
$64 7o 
$3 17 

Meet America’s 
Best Selling 
Whitewall Tire 
“Custom Power Cushion 
Polyglas 

A dependable, sm ooth-rid mg belted Urn 

Whitewall 
Sizo 
Our low 
Price 

Plus 
F E T. and old lira 

A78-13 
$39.85 
$1 73 

D78-14 
$44.4o 
$2 o9 

G78-14 
$5o.9o 
$2.58 

G78-15 
$52.25 
$2.65 

■ H78-15 
$56 15 
$2.88 

178-15 
$6o.8o 
$3.12 

Camper Van 
Pickup, Panel 

“Rib Hi-Miler" 
For top mileage per dollar thanks to tho sturdy 5-rib tread, bruise-resisting nylon cord body 

Size load 
Mange 
A Type 

Our 
Low 
Price 

Plot 
H T and old lira 

67o x 15 
C TT 
$27.7o 
$2 41 
65o x 16 
C TT 
$ 2 9 5 5 
$2.7o J 
7oo x 15 
C TT 
$34.9o 
$2 85 \ 
75o x 16 
D TT 
$47.9o 
$3 68,. 
8oo x 16.5 
C TL 
$37 JO 
$3 71 J 

875 x 16.5 
C T I 
$52.95 
$3 261 

DRIVE IN 
THIS WEEK FOR 
HASSLE-FREE 
AUTO SERVICE 

Lube & Oil Change 
$488 

Up lo 6 qts of m ajor brand 
1o/3o grads oil 

• Complete chassis lubrication and oil chang© • 
Helps ensure long wearing parts and smooth, quiet performance • Please phone for appointment • 
Includes light trucks 

Ask for our fro # B a tte ry Pow sr Check 

Front-End Alignment 
Engine Tune-Up 

 m N s ■ B j C 
J P C . ' - 

WE H 
Excludes bom wheel dr lire 

• Complete analysis and alignment correction — to increase fir© mileage and improve steeling • 
Precision equipment, used by e xp e rie n ce d m e­ chanics. helps ensure a precision alignment 
* 3 6 8 8 
IN.. J a i 
J U 
6 cyl - And ti for 6 ryl 
I ? for air 

 a Our mechanics electronically fine lune your en- gin© a Hew points, plugs and condenser a Te d r.h a rgin g/sfartin g systems, adjust carburetor • 
Helps m aintain a sm ooth ru n n in g engine • In­ cludes Datsun, Toyota. VW and light trucks 

SERVICE OFFERS ABO VE AVAILABLE O NLY AT GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES 
8 Ways To Buy 

• Cash 
• Goodyear Revolving Charge 
• Our Own Customer Crodit Plan 
• Master Charge • BankAmencard 
• American Express Money Card 
• Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

See Your Independent Dealer For His Price. Prices As Shown At Goodyear Service Stores. 

GOODYEAR SERVICE STORFS Open Mon., Wed., Thurs., Fri. 8 to 5:3o Toes., 9 to 5:3o Sot. 8 to 5 

 d o w n t o w n 
8 1 6 S. St. M a r y ’* 
222-1373 

NORTHEAST 
1 3 18 Austin H ig h w a y 
824-o2o8 

NORTH STAR 
2 2 6 Rector 3 4 4 .9 7 8 6 
(Aero** from N. Star Mall) 

NORTH 
4 7 o 2 San Pedro 
824-2371 

DOW NTOW N 
4o1 N. A la m o 
227-7381 

PERRIN PLAZA 
1 1 47 9 Perrin-Beifel Rd. 
656-3111 
NEW BRAUNFELS 
625-2323 
KERRVILLE 
257-8484 

NORTHWEST 
3 5 6 6 Fredtbg. Rd. 
735-6141 

WEST 
1811 W e st Com m erce 
225-7677 

SOUTH 
2131 S.W . M ilita ry 
923-4563 

SOUTHEAST 
1346 Fair 
534-5468 

EAST 
3 o 3 o la s t Com m erce 
225-7266 

NORTHWEST 
1498 Hillcrest 
434-31o6 

FREDERICKSBURG 
997-7556 
SEGUIN 
379-228o 
I 

GOODYEAR INDEPENDENT DEALERS 
SARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
D evine, T e x a s 
663-57o6 

BA U M A N TIRE 
32o1 Cincinnati 
735-5251 

ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
119 W . O a k la w n H w y. 97 W e lt 
Pleasanton, Texas 569-3484 

RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, INC. 
8 2 9 Pat B o o k e r R ood 
Universal City, Tx. 658-4771 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
Finally * it all comes together 

PASADENA, C a lif. - Today, at last., it all comes together as half the nation pauses for 
Super Bow XI. The other half doesn’t have down paym ents for TV sets. 

* T h is football p a c k a g e in tiot-so- sunny Southern California has been the m ost stretched out affair since long-term paym ents on used pickups 
Oakland players spent the week in 
Newport, Minnesota was housed near 
Long Beach and N FL officials and press reps have been quartered near the Los A ng eles In te rn a tio n a l a i r ­ port.. The shortest distance between any two of these points is about in miles as the crow flies. 
Those of us who went for daily in­ terview s w ith coaches and p la y ers from both sides spent a great part ut this past week riding buses 
N e a r th e e n d , w hen w o rk o u ts 

 dropped to m in im u m s , Bud G ra n t and Jo hn ny M adden, the two head coaches, were flown by helicopters to the w riters' area. Well, th at's half c o rre c t. G ra n t a c c e p te d th e q u ick plane ride but Madden apologized for showing up 4o m in u tes late and e x ­ plained that h e ’s “ just not the heli­ copter type ” 
But problem s of transportation are all over now Today we g ath er at one of the great old altars of football, the 
Hose Bow l in P asadena. 
Now it 's th e fa n s w ho h a v e th e problems. This ancient stadium seats slightly over 1o3,ooo bodies but the im m e d ia te a re a h a s room to p a rk only 9,ooo cars. A nearby golf course usually takes another 7.ooo autos but recent rains have now ruler! out that space. In short, th e re ’s going to be a whole lot of u n organ ized chao s a r ­ ound the Rose Bowl a few hours be­ fore and after noon today. 
Of course, what concerns m ost of now is the type of chaos we m ig h t 

Dan Cook 

 witness on the playing field when the 
R aid e rs and V ikings c o m m e n c e to k n o ck h e a d s a n d o th e r a s s o r t e d items. 

Will F ra u T a rk e n to n ’s fleet feet, so m etim es his only shield for pass protection, c a rry him to safety and p ro v id e a m p le tim e for a c c u r a t e pitching? Will Ken Stabler have one of his better days and spray the Vik­ ing d efen se w ith en ou gh p in p o in t passes to Cliff B ranch, Dave Casper a n d 
M r 
G lu e 
F i n g e r s , 
F re d 
Biletnikoff? Or, will a running back. 
Chuck Forem an or perhaps Clarence 

Davis, steal the show and g ra b the set of new w h e e ls e a r m a r k e d for th e g a m e ’s m ost valuable player? 
T h e s e a r e th e a n s w e r s w e now await. 
No small talk 
The tim e for sm all talk is gone. No m o r e m e s s a g e s on A la n P a g e ’s hemorroids. Why, we all knew- that he w asn ’t going to let little things like that keep him out of the lineup today. 
No m ore ch ats about Chuck F o re ­ m a n ’s unhappiness with his current contract. Okay, so he still does want to re -n e g o tia te his a g re e m e n t and 

 m aybe he is worth m ore than the 85 thou they give him each season. It's no m a tter of im portance today. This is the big one so F o rem an and all the o th e rs w e a rin g k n ic k e rs and h ard hats today will be strain in g to give b e s t e f f o r ts no m a t t e r w h a t th ey found in their last pay envelopes. 
Besides, $15,ooo goes to each player wearing the right costum e w hen tim e ru n s out. T h e lo se rs g e t h alf th a t much. 
Odds, earth shift 
T h e s t a g e is w ell p r e p a r e d . 
W e a th e r p e rm ittin g , the G o o d y ear 
B lim p is r e a d y to ta k e its p la c e overhead. J im m y The G reek is here, c o m m a n d in g m uch atten tio n as he shifts O a k la n d ’s favorite role from four points to five and then back to four. It w as four and a half as he got on a hotel elevator F riday night but he m u s t have h e a rd so m e th in g on that ride upward. The R aiders were back to four when the Greek returned 

 to the lobby. 
At this w riting the w eather seem s to be bothering m ost folks m ore than a n y th in g . T h re e d a y s of lig h t b u t s te a d y r a in s , m ix ed w ith a b it of lightning and hail, just busted a long, southern C alifornia dro ug ht. B ut it was that mild earth n im b le T hursday night that has the natives — not to m e n tio n m o s t v is it o r s — b u z z in g about possibilities. 
, 
P ro fits of doom have for m o n th s been p re d ic tin g th e d e s tru c tio n of 
Los Angeles by a m ajo r earth q uak e th a t, som e say, w ill h it w ithin th e next 9o d av s. S u p e r Bowl S u n d a y , with 7o million folks w atching on n a­ tional television, m igh t seem like an ideal tim e for a good earth ru m b le in th is show biz o rie n te d a r e a . J u s t im agine the ratings. 
That, friends and neighbors, is not s m a ll ta lk . Ah L o rd y . you n ic e re a d e r s ju s t d o n ’t know of all the trouble I go to and risks I take to try and keep you informed. 
Vikings out to improve on SB image 

Harry Peter “Bud” Grant, a student of wildlife behavior, notes that when nature lowers its icy mantle, ground creatures grow more hair and birds of certain species head south. 

So if is that G ran t’s creatures, un ­ able to fly and unable to grow enough h air to protect th em from th e e le ­ ments. have contrived to winter in a te m p e r a t e c l i m a t e a lm o s t e v e ry season 
The Minnesota Viking visit to P a ­ sadena this Super Sunday would be their fourth in a row 'w ere it not for divine intervention lust year — the 
“ Hail M ary” pass from Roger Stun- bach to Drew Pearson that gave Dab la s th e p r iv ile g e of b e a tin g Los 
A n g e le s for th e N FC cro w n and losing to P ittsburgh. 21-17. 
That the V ikings have lost in all three of their previous Super Bowl appearances is beside the point. 
Any club clever enough to escape 
M innesota iii J a n u a r y ca n 't he la ­ belled a laser. I t’s ju s t th a t th eir perform ances have fallen short of artistic expectations. 
In 197o they went to New O rleans burdened bv tin* ch a rg e of the old 
N FL g uard that the J e t s ’ 1o-7 win over Baltimore the year before was a 
Joe Naniath fluke ll w asn’t a fluke 
Leu Dawson and Kansas City did in the dreaded P urple Gang, 23-7. Tilt old AFL clubs becam e bona fide m em bers of the lodge. 
Four years later the V ikings went to Houston to m eet the M iami Dol­ phins, whose L arry Csonka ran at them 33 tim es for 145 y a rd s in a n ­ o th e r 24-7 e m b a r r a s s m e n t to th e 
Establishm ent 
Same story a year later when only tin* opponent changed. Franco H arris tram pled the proud Purples for 158 yards as the Steclers won, 16-li 
It s not only that the Vikings have lost th re e S u p er Bowls th a t e a s ts doubt on their credibility i i i a fourth 
The w ay they lost th em is not e n ­ couraging The Vibes have scored no more than seven points in any of those 
Iuds. none in the first half They have never led Frail Tarkenton. the m ost prolific passer in history, has thrown no touchdown passes —■ but he w as sacked for a safety try in g to p a ss against the Steclers 
What hap p en ed iii th e p ast m a y have no b e a rin g on w h at h a p p e n s now, hut until they prove otherwise even the current Vikings will be re­ garded as a team that found its way to Pasadena by default. They won the le a g u e ’s only division — the NFC 
Central — in which no of her team had a winning record. T heir playoff vic­ tims. the W ashington R edskins and th e Los A n g eles R a m s , w e re d i s ­ m issed re sp ectiv ely as fa) an All- 
Star team from the Golden Age Rest 
Home and (h) a m asochistic oppon­ ent whose g am e plan was based on self-destruction. 
So the Vikings, 4-pomt underdogs, have som e points to prove. G rant, the coach, is hopeful, as coaches must be. He senses a new spirit generated by the younger players who only read about those other Super Bowls on the b acks of th e ir b u b b le gum c a rd s 
“ The guys have it this tim e ," Bud says, “ and i f s the kind of spirit they have t»i build lip them selves It can't come from the couches 
I f s the kind of spirit, one gathers. 
Coaches sec 
Ii igh-scoring gam e today 

I ontinucd Irion Page IS 

 with th e Players* A ssociation, d is ­ cussed the grave pitfalls that shall follow if the draft is elim inated by court rule and then touched on his latest problem , women sports w riters who d e m a n d e n t r a n c e to lo c k e r rooms while players are dressing 
On th a t last issu e R ozellc sa id , 
“ We've tried to iron out some sort of c o m p r o m is e b u t it h a s n ’t w orked v et.” Then he added. “ I just think th a t o u r p la y e r s , as well as th e ir wives, are entitled to som e degree of p rivacy while the h u sb an d s arc at w ork.” 

In o th e r w o rd s, w ives should be com fortable with the knowledge that no w om en will be eyeb allin g th e ir naked husbands shortly after work is d on e. W ell, t h a t ’s w h a t R o s e lle thinks. 

S c o u t i n g 

H e l l i o n 

 that gives the people back hom e a w arm glow all over. 
W H EN M IN N E S O T A HAS T H E 
BALL — 
Tarkenton has passed for more yardage than anyone who ever played — about eiglit m iles, at last count — but it m ight as well be eight light years if he c a n ’t solve O akland’s 
“ 34” defense, featuring three down linemen and four linebackers. A de­ fense with any sort of pass rush and a le r t and a c tiv e b a c k s c a n k e e p 
Francis in cheek, as the R am s proved by shutting out his favorite receiver, 
Sam m y White, the NFC rookie of tile y e a r. B e sid e s , it is p o s s ib le th at 
White has read all those nasty things about George Atkinson, the Oakland strong safety with the in tim id a tin g elbows, and won’t be paying full a t­ tention to the flight of the football 
The Vikings should be able to hold the line of scrim m ag e The key will be the m atch am o ng th eir ru n n in g b ac k s, (’huck F o re m a n and B re n t 
McClatiahan, and O akland ’s outside linebackers, the tall Ted H endricks and Phil Viliapiano. Fo rem an will be the best running back oil the field Ile is lug <6-2. 2o7), strong and fast e n ­ ough to run away from anybody i i i the 
Raider defense. He rushed for 1.155 y a rd s this season and also led the 
Vikes with 55 pass receptions. O J 
Sim pson is tin* g a m e ’s only b e tte r hack. The Haulers do not need to be co ncerned w ith T a r k e n to n ’s le g e n ­ dary scram bling. Because of injuries creeping up on him i i i his 16th season and 3Hth year, he ran 22 tim es for only 4o yards in the regular season — the only tim e in his life lie's rushed tor less than a hundred yards Rather than run if tra p p e d , he will try to d u m p the ball off to tight end S tu 
Voigt 
W HEN M IN N ESO T A IS ON D E ­ 
FE N SE — Every good opponent has run on the Vikings, and the R aiders can do a whole lot m ore than that. 
Q u a r te r b a c k K en S ta b l e r h a s a perfectly mixed bag of pass receivers in Cliff B ranch, who has run on 2, the p recise F re d B iletn ik off, who h as built-in sensors for the sideline and first-down stakes, and tight end Dave 
Casper, who caught 53 passes, m ore th an any tig h t end i i i the le ag u e 
Minnesota’s pass defense rated well this season, hut that was partly b e­ cause the Vikes were so easy to run against and few te a m s found it n e ­ cessary to throw. But this the Vikings do have: they switch from Jekyll to 
Hyde w ith th e ir b a c k s to th e goal line, w here the v eteran s Wally 11 ii - gen berg and Bobby B ryant aud the old codgers in the line reach back for vet another big plav 
IIIE SPECIAL TEAMS - 
An in­ t e r e s ti n g m a t c h u p . T h e V ik in g s blocked 13 placekicks and two punts th is seaso n O a k la n d 's p u n te r s u ­ prem e. Ray Guy, never has had one blocked, and could lie the m an not only to determ ine field position but also to settle a last-second decision 
Guy is clearly superior to Minnesota p u n te r Noil Chillo. N e ith e r place* kicker — M innesota's F red Cox nor 
O akland’s Errol M ann — is a long* range th reat, hut Guy can do that, too, if the Raiders need one He set a collegiate record of til y a rd s, since broken, while at Southern M ississip­ pi 
KEY MAJC III PS: 
RIGHT TACKLE RDN VARY vs 
OAKLAND D EFEN SIVE END JOHN 
MATUSZAK - 
All M atu szu k has going for him is size, and not a big advantage in that. Clever and canny 
Vary got away with elutch-and-grab tactics against the quicker and m ore experienced Jack Youngblood of the 
Ram s, so shouldn’t have any problem controlling big John. 
( HUCK FOREMAN vs. PHIL VIL­ 
IAPIANO — Raider linebacker Vil­ iapiano will need help, and no doubt will get it, covering F o re m a n as a 
. receiver out of th e backfield 
H e’s their bm play guv. 

Raiders back but there is a difference 

More than once the Oakland Raiders were supposed to wind up in the Super Bowl, yet ended up watching on television. 
But the dream the Raiders have nurtured for nine years will become a reality in Super Bowl XI against the Minnesota 
Vikings, losers of football’s grandest game three times in the past. 

CHUCK FOREMAN, M innesota’s superstar running back a p w i r e p h o t o 
Super Bowl 
R osters 

OAKLAND 
MINNESOTA 
8 
Guy k 
IO 
12 
T arkenton ll 
Mumm qb 
Clabo 
12 
Stabler qb 
I) 
Cox 
11 
Malin k 
17 
B erry 
15 
Bac qb 
19 
Lot* 
2o 
( ol/ie db 
2o 
B ryant 
JI 
Branch w r 
K rause 
24 
Brown db 
23 
J. W right 
25 
Biletnikoff w r 
23 
Allen 
26 
Thomas db 
26 
G rim 
28 
Da\ is rh 
27 
Beamon 
29 
Ginn rh 
28 
Rashad 
311 van Eeghen rb 
33 
McClatiahan 
31 
G arrett rb 
35 
Miller 
32 
T atum db 
4o 
Hall 
36 
Moore rb 
43 
N W right 
39 
Hall lh 
44 
F orem an 
4o 
Banaszak rh 
47 
Groce 
41 
Viliapiano lh 
48 
Johnson 
43 
Atkinson db 
3o 
Sicilian 
Tingelhoff 
46 
Bankston 
Ie 
53 
47 
Phillip^ db 
54 
McNeill 
49 
Siani u r 
53 
Martin 
5o 
Dalby e 
37 
D ander al 
Barnes ll) 
58 
Hilgenbcrg 
52 
Rice lb 
39 
Blair 
54 
Badness lb 
(ill 
Winston 
58 
Johnson ll) 
61 
Hamilton 
6o 
Si si lunk de 
62 
E. White 
61 
McMuih de 
68 
Goodrum 
63 
I pshaw g 
69 
Sutherland 
1)4 
B ud der g 
7o 
M arshall 
66 
Sylvester c i 2 
J . White 
7o 
Law m ic e t 
73 
Yury 
72 
M atus/ak 
(ie 
74 
Buetow 
71 
Rowe dt i i 
Militancy 
73 
Volta t 
18 
Kilev 
77 
Philyaw de 
8o 
Willis 
78 
Shell t 
81 
Eller 
79 
Med I in g 
83 
Voigt 
81 
Bradshaw wr 
84 
Craig 
83 
Hendricks lb 
83 
S White 
87 
Casper 
Ie 
88 
P age 

 qb 
P k qb qb cb s s cb w r s wr rh rh s cb rh rh rh lh c lh ll) c lh lh ll) 

S g 
I dt de ill t 
I de t wr de te 
Ie wr dt 
THE ODDS 
Minnesota plus four vs. 
Oakland. 
IFK SELECTION 
Oakland giving points (4) over Minnesota. 
Vibes vs. 

Continued from Page IS 

NFL Offensive Rookie of I he Y ear 
Sam m y White and A hm ad R ushad. acquired before the season from the expansion Seattle Seahaw ks. W hile caught a1 passes for DOO y ard s, aud 
Rashad grabbed 53 for 671. Tight end 
SIU Voigt, a m ajor third-down target, had 28 catches for 393 yards. 
Stabler has two all-pros to ann tor 

 i i i tight end Dave Casper, who led the team with 53 catches for 691 yards. 

Raiders 

 and wide receiver Cliff B ranch, who had 46 for L U I. The other wide m an. 
F red Biletnikoff, had 43 recep tio n s for 551 yards. 
M ark van E e g h a n is th e c h ie f 
Raiders ball carrier with 1,o12 y ard s rushing. Clarence Davis g ain e d 516 and Pete B anaszak 37o. T h e th re e backs also caught 59 passes am on g them for 538 yards. 
P ast Super Bowls have been Iou* scoring affairs, hut this one could be different. 

O a k la n d lo st 33-14 in M ia m i to 
V ince L o m b a r d i’s la st G re e n Bay 
P a c k e r te a m on a J a n u a r y d ay in 
1968. but the young R aiders w ere the c la s s of th e A m e r i c a n F o o tb a ll 
League. 
T he ex p erts laid th at “ th e y ’ll be b ack” tag on the R aiders, and as it finally turned out. they were right — but these a r e n ’t the sa m e O akland 
R aiders. 
Oakland rode to that second Super 
Bowl b eh in d a d e fen se culled T he 
Eleven Angry Men, a unit which set a pro football record 67 sacks th at still stands. This R aider team , m ore solid and d e ep er than th at first O akland cham pion, relies on the deadly left a r m of K e n n y S t a b l e r a n d a 3-4 
O range D efense that was labelled a p a tc h w o r k g r o u p w h en i n j u r i e s knocked out three-fourths of the front line in the pre-season. 
‘R em aining from that 1967 team are only gu ard Gene Upshaw, cornerback 
W illie B ro w n , w ide r e c e iv e r F re d 
B iletnikoff and ru n n in g b ack P e te 
B anaszak. the lone non-starter of the group. 
T here isn t m uch of a backlog on this se rie s. M in nesota to p p in g the 
Raiders 24-16 in the opening g am e of 
1973, the only tim e the te a m s have m et save for a 34-1o Viking pre-sea­ son victory th at sa m e season. T hat m ak es M innesota the only te am in th e N a tio n a l F o o tb a ll L e a g u e th e 
R aiders have never beaten. 
O akland is used to w a tc h in g th e te a m s it lost to in the AFC C h a m ­ p io n s h ip G a m e go on to b e c o m e world cham pions, so the R aiders fi­ gure it’s tim e they get in on that ac­ tum Six tim es the R aiders lost the 
AFC title, and six tim es th eir con­ q uero rs went oil to Super Bow l vic­ tories. AFC cham pions have captured the last four Super Bowls, two each by P ittsburgh and Miami. 
And one last sidelight. M innesota was .supposed to be one of the original 
AFL cities in 196(1, but when the N FL expanded into M inneapolis with the 
Vikings, the new league opted instead for O akland. Seventeen y e ars later, the cities find out which one received the better deal. 
JO H N M A D D E N - 
O a k l a n d ’s 
John Madden is 83-22-7 for eight se a­ sons with the R aiders, including se­ ven division c ro w n s and sev en a p ­ p earan ces in the AFC title g am e — including his first success this s e a ­ son M adden is a 26o-pound bundle of emotion, som etim es growling at offi­ cials while gestu ring with anim ation, and even acting as a cheerleader at tim es, in direct contrast to Minneso­ ta ’s granite-like Bud G rant. 
WHEN OAKL AND HAS THE BALL 
— 
Of c o u r s e th e R a i d e r s h a v e 
Stabler, but look for them to run the ball at the heart of the Viking defense 
— at C arl E lle r, Alan P a g e , Doug 
S u th erlan d and J i m M arsh a ll. Los 
Angeles had success running at the 
Vikes in the NFC title gam e, and so did the other tea m s (San F rancisco for 317 y ard s) this season. O akland ’s running gam e, with M ark van Eegh- en and Clarence Davis doing the c a r ­ rying, resurrected itself in the second half of the season, and the R aid ers actually blew the Steel Curtain off the line of s c r im m a g e in m a n h a n d lin g 
P itts b u r g h . T h a t m a k e s S t a b l e r s play-fakes m ore effective, and gives pro football’s best corps of receivers extra tim e to get open. Biletnikoff, 
Cliff B ranch and Dave C asper c o m ­ b in e d fo r 142 r e c e p t io n s a n d 29 touchdowns this season. 
W H E N O A K L A N D IS ON DE 
LEN SE — The Vikings will be ru n ­ ning against a foreign defense, the 
3-4, but Tarkenton has seen ev ery th ­ ing in his 16 years and undoubtedly will have som e tricks for the Raiders. 
Mostly, T ark en ton has Chuck F o re ­ man running the ball, and F o rem an, 
S a m m y W hite and A hm ad R ash ad catc h in g it. H ow ever, when o p po n­ ents concentrate too heavily on that trio, T a rk e n to n can h u rt you with running back Brent McCJanahan and tig h t e n d S tu V oigt. O a k l a n d 's three-m an rusli will attem pt to keep 
Tarkenton in the pocket, ra th er than let him scram b le outside to give his receiv ers ad d e d seconds to find an o pen s p a c e . T a r k e n t o n m a y te s t 
36-year-old cornerback Willie Brown, possibly playing his last gam e, with 

S c o u tin g 
R e p o rt 

R a s h a d an d W h ite . T e a m s h a v e attem pted that this season and Brown h as been b u rn e d o c c asio n ally , but never m ore than once bv anybody. 

KEY MATCHUPS: 
ART SHELL vs. JIM MARSHALL 
— 
S h e ll, o f f e n s iv e left t a c k l e , knocked P itts b u rg h ’s Dwight W hite aro u n d like a p u n c h in g bag in the 
AFC title gam e, and the Raiders ran up his back for big chunks of y a rd ­ age. The R aiders list Shell at 265 pounds, but he goes m ore likely a r ­ ound 28o or m ore — a 4o-pound edge on the cat-quick and wily 17-year ve­ te ra n M a rsh a ll. O ak la n d ru n s left m ost of the tim e behind Shell and 
U pshaw right next door at g uard, who will be involved in an o th e r c lassic m a t c h u p w ith A lan P a g e . T h e 
R aiders pass block with the best, but th e V ik es know how to g et to th e q u a rte rb a c k and th e y ’ll be gunn ing for Stabler. 
VIKING KICK BLO CK ERS v s. 
OAKLAND’S KICKING GAME - 
Minnesota has blocked 15 kicks this season, including one by R aider pla- c e k ic k e r E rro l M ann when he w as with Detroit early in the year. But the kicking g am e is one of the streng ths of the R aiders, with Mann and foot­ ball’s p rem ie r punter, Ray Guy. Guy h asn ’t had a punt blocked in his Jour years as a pro because of hts q uick ­ ness and exceptional athletic ability. 
O akland h a sn ’t blocked as m any as 
N ato A llen a n d h is k ic k -b lo c k in g m ates on the Vikings, but Hubie Gmn set up O akland’s first points against 
P ittsb urgh with a blocked punt and th e R a id e r s a d d e d s e v e r a l o t h e r blocks this season The special tea m s m a tc h u p s could be a s good a s th e re s t. 
C L IFF 
BRANCH vs. 
B O B B Y 
BRYANT — O a k la n d ’s All-Pro r e ­ ceiver has becom e the most feared pass catcher in just three seasons as a s t a r te r , d u rin g w hich tim e h e ’s averaged nearly 2o y ard s per catch and scored 34 to u c h d o w n s B ry a n t w on’t have him one-on-one m uch be­ cause the Vikes a re a zone team , but he ll get him right at the line. B ryant loves the challenge of balls thrown in his area, and he has a knack for the big p lay on b o th d e fe n s e a n d th e special te a m s. 
S u p er B ow l 
S ta n d in g s 

 b l PER BOU L STANDINGS 

G reen Bay 
P ittsburgh 
New York Je ts 
Miami 
B altim ore 
K ansas City 
Dallas 
Oakland 
Washington 
Minnesota 

W 

5 ior 
I 
I 
I o 
o 
o 

Pct. 
I OOO i (nm 
FINN) 
.667 
5oo 
5oo 
.333 
OOO 
(MHI 
OOO 

Results 
S u p e r Boul I 
G reen Bay 35, K ansas City IO 
Super Boul ll 
G reen Bay 33, O akland 14 
Super Boul III 
New y o rk Je ts 16, B altim ore 7 
Super Boul IV 
K ansas City 23, Minnesota 7 
Super Boul V 
B altim ore 16, D allas 13 
Super Boul VI 
D allas 24. M iami 3 
Super Boul VU 
M iami 14. Washington 7 
Super Boul VR 
M iami 24, Minnesota 7 
Super Boul IX 
Pittsburgh 16, Minnesota 6 
Super Boul X 
Pittsburgh 21, Dallas 17 

Xlth hour notes 

Bv DAN COOK 
OF THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

P A S A D E N A , Calif. - 
H ere’s a short stack of 
Super Bowl notes gathered here and there in the last jiours prior to the game. 

Minnesota running back 
Robert M ille r w ill cele­ brate his 24th birthday on 
Super Sunday and Viking tackle Charles Goodrum will be 27 two days after the game . . . Viking defensive end Jim Marshall was 39 last month so he will be the oldest player ever to start in a Super Bowl. A few who have played in the annual game have been older but they weren’t starters. 

The game w ill be carried on 224 television stations in the United States but more than double that amount in 
Canada. There will be 49H 
Canandian stations relay­ ing- the action and of that number 1o1 w ill offer com­ mentary in French . . . NBG researchers project that 75 m illion viewers w ill be piped in for the Sunday TV game . . . scalpers got a scare when rain pelted Los 
Angeles Thursday and F ri­ day. Tickets w ere going for 
$5o with exceptionally good seat* selling for $1oo but wh<*ftthe rains came prices drnpptal and buyers faded 

CTV equipment 

Bqqk to the TV side of it. 
NBG ' w ill use about 
$5?9lULooo worth of equip- mctfh getting out its pic­ tures and that doesn’t count the Goodyear Blimp which w ill house one hand-held mini-cam machine . . . all total, NBG will use 2o color cam eras, five video tape machines, seven slow-mo- tion replay and stop-action disks, two vidifonts, one slide chain, IOO monitors and three miles of video cable. . . needless to say. all 
L A. hotels are swarming with folks wearing NBG official badges. They seem to have a-bigger east than 
World W ar II 

Players from both teams admit they had been look­ ing forward to Saturday al­ most as much as Sunday. 
No practices were scheduled for Saturday and 
— most im portant — no interviews were permitted. 
Nobody is complaining out loud but the 5oo or more reporters here are begin­ ning to bug the top players who keep fielding the same question different d ire c­ tions . . . Oakland C oach 
John Madden is one of the few who really seems to enjoy every minute. As he, put it. “ T h ere’s a lot of difference in between being here and sitting in front of a TV’ set somewhere and 
I love that difference.” 

Minnesota blocked lo kicks during the regular season and that special un­ it. made up only of defen­ sive players, will be gun­ ning for at least one block 
Sunday. 

Blocked kicks 

Assistant Coach Jocko 
Nelson, who works with that specialty team, says one blocked kick can turn a whole game around. Los 
Angeles’ Tom Dempsey will agree with that. After the 
Karns had their 
“ cinch” field goal convert­ ed into a Minnesota touch­ down 
Dempsey later missed an extra point. 
“ It sticks a lot on a kicker s mind for a long tim e after he gets one blocked,” Nelson said. 

The Vikings are spending 
$2o.(MIU to jet the wi\cs of their pilferers here but Viking 
Coach Bud Grant's family is coming in a mobile home. When asked why they didn’t fly here Grant said. “ It costs too much to fly a whole fam ily” . . . prices are going up as game-time approaches. 
Wednesday, Oakland and 
Minnesota pennants were selling for $2 each. Now they’re up to $2.5o. 

Rozelle: football’s 

 s t r o n g m a n 

Nobody s perfect, but Pete Rozelle comes close. 
“ The man is awesome,” says one Rozelle watcher of long standing. ‘‘In interviews, it’s almost as if he can give the answers to questions without them being asked.” 

One of Rozelle’s obscure virtues is his ability to re­ but criticism and inaccur­ acies without being s tri­ dent. 
A couple of years ago a journalist covering a game in Bloom ington. M inn., wrote: “ W itnessing the game was Commissioner 
Pete Rozelle, who chained his way through two packs of cigarettes while sitting next to a handsome brun­ ette in an upstairs box. 
About a week later, the writer received this hand­ written note on Rozelle’s personal stationary: “ Un­ fortunately, you were right about the figs. But that was no handsome brunette, that was mv wife. Regards, 
Pete.” 
Unlike his counterparts in other sports. Rozelle has an inordinate talent for avoiding the defensive. 
Baseball's Bowie Kulm un­ derdresses for a night 
World Series game played in Klondike temperatures, then spends the rest of the winter justifying his w ar­ drobe; hockey’s Clarence 
Campbell sticks his balding head into the sand while the sport evolves into Rugby on ice; and Larry O’Brien of the National Basketball As­ sociation issues not a tut-tut over the sale of Julius E rv ­ ing, which debilitates an entire franchise. 
Like the others, Rozelle’s world is no Xanadu. Since lit* was reluctantly named com missioner of the N a­ tional Football League in 
196o, Rozelle has known a groundswell of problems — gam bling scandal, rival leagues, player strikes, er­ osion of the television blackouts, drug cases and enough litigation to tax the skills of Perry Mason. 
A man of less mien than 
Rozelle’s probably wouldn’t have endured the m ael­ strom. although none of the 
N F L owners were aware of this sinew when they tapped the 33-year-old gen­ eral manager of the Los 
Angeles Ram s as shop steward in I96o. 
It took two weeks of bickering and more than 2d ballots in M iam i before 
Rozelle was selected to re­ place the late Bort Bell. 
Seventeen years later, 
Rozelle earns in excess of 
$2oo,ooo annually for tend­ ing the store of what is generally acknowledged to he the nation’s No. I pas­ time, disclaimers from the 
Kuhn crowd notwithstand­ ing. 
It is a ritu al of Super 
Bowl week that Rozelle be interrogated two days be­ fore tile game by the hundreds of newsmen in attendance. 
The session has all the staging of a presidential press conference: Rozelle, well-scrubbed and im m a­ culate in a dark-blue busi­ ness suit, refusing to per­ spire despite the heat of the klieg lights, unfortunately chaining the inevitable ci­ garettes, and answering the questions even before they are asked. 
This year, inside Football 
Report asked Rozelle be­ fore he was asked at the lith Super Bowl. 
IN SID E FOOTBALL: 
There was much conversa­ tion during the season about penalties. In the first three weeks, violations were being called at about the same rate as recent years. Then for about a month, the rate of penalties increased more than 25 per cent. Then the incidence of penalties reverted to what it had been ut the start of the season. How can you account for the fluctuation? 

San Antonio EX PR ESS- N EW S— Sunday January 9 I 977 

Super Bowls by quarters 

Sutter Bowl I 
A l Cos Angeles 
Kansas Cite ( A F t ) 
o IO 
Green Bay (N F C ) 
7 > 
Super Bowl ll 
At M iam i 
Green Boy (N F C ) 
J I) 
IO 7 
Oak land (A F C ) 
o / o 7 
Super Bowl III 
A l M iam i 
New York (A F L ) 
o 7 6 J 
Baltimore (N F C ) 
o o o 7 
Super Bowl IV 
A l New Orleans 
Minnesota (N F C ) 
o 
o 7 o 
Kansas City (A F C ) 
3 l l 7 o 
Super Bowl V 
At M iom i 
Baltimore (A F C ) 
o 6 
o IO 
Dallas (N F C ) 
J IO o 
o 
Super Bowl VI 
A l New O rleans 
Dallas (N F C ) 
J ’ 
Miami (A F C ) 
o J 
Super Bowl VII 
At Cos Angeles 
Miami (A FC ) 
7 I o 
Washington (N F C ) 
OOO 
Super Bowl VHI 
At Houston 
Minnesota (N F C ) 
OO O 
Miami (A F C I 
14 J 7 
Super Bowl IX 
At New O rleans 
Pittsburgh (A F C ) 
o 7 7 
Minnesota (N F C ) 
OO O 
Super Bowl X 
At M iam i 
Dallas (N F C ) 
7 J o r 
. 
(Arri r n n 

o o - IO 
14 7 — 3S 

ROZELLE: Tile league office sent a memo to offi­ cials early in the season, asking them to “ tighten up" on their ealls, but in no way suggesting that they change their interpretation of the rules. That might 

7 7 o o 

 have been responsible for the increase in penalties, and then I think the players adjusted to the fact that they were being watched more closely. That adjust­ ment resulted in the number of penalties drop­ ping to what it was origin­ ally. 
IN SID E FOOTBALL: 
The agreement between the 
National Basketball Asso­ ciation and its players is said to be a model for other sports. Is this true, and will the N F L and the players’ union ever resolve their differences? 
ROZELLE: Any agree­ ment is a good settlement, because it shows that both sides got together. I haven’t studied the N B A agree­ ment b'lt I believe It’*: ■< 

PETE ROZELLE 

1o-year contract, and any settlement of that duration is not a small accomplish­ ment. The N F L has been almost three years without a contract with its players, and I don’t see the two sides coming together right away. All they eau do is keep trying. 
INSIDE FOOTBALL: 
Is the Rozelle Rule dead? 
RO ZELLE: Not neces­ sarily. In what has become known as the 
(Jo h n ) 
M ackey Case, a Iederal judge said that the Rozelle 
Rule (compensation to a team that loses a player who plays out his option) is illegal, but the point to re­ member is that he said it is illegal not by itself, but be­ cause it was not formulated through collective bargain­ ing. The opinion of the court left the door open if the Rozelle Rule were agreed to by both sides at arm’s-length bargaining. 
IN SID E FOOTBALL: 
What is the status of the anti-blackout situation and has the league’s attitude changed? 
ROZELLE: Not counting the two expansion teams, 
Tampa Bay and Seattle, the rest of the league has had a drop of 15o,ooo in season ticket sales. The law that said a sold-out game could be televised in the home city expired a year ago, but the N F L has voluntarily extended the policy for two additional years, through next season. There is still a no-show problem. 
One tiling w e’ve discovered about no-shows, however, is that there are more of them at unattractive games, games that aren’t being televised in the lirst place. 
INSIDE FOOTBALL: Is pay television in the N F L ’s future? 
RO ZELLE: 
Not the im m ediate future. Some individual teams may try it. hut the league's contract with the three networks still has another year to run, and even beyond 1977 I can't see pay television be­ ing much of a factor. 
INSIDE FOOTBALL: A recent survey showed the average pro football ticket costs $8 89. This compares with $7.71 for hockey, $6.12 for basketball and $3.45 for baseball. Do these compa­ risons bother you? 
R O Z E L L E : 
I ’m very concerned about our in­ creasing ticket prices. 
There’s a need for stabili­ zation. More than half of our clubs still make the pre-season games part of their entire season ticket package, but their argu­ ment is that if they didn’t, they’d have to charge a higher price for regular- season tickets. 
IN SID E FOOTBALL: 
How about the exhibition season? Is it too long? 
ROZELLE: There’s been sentim ent for a change, such us going to four pre-season games and Hi regular-season, instead of six and 14 the way it is now. 
This will be discussed in a league meeting in Arizona in March. One of the prob­ lems in expanding the re­ gular season is the overlap with baseball, which makes it difficult to find stadiums in which to play. 
IN SID E FOOTBALL: 
The Delaware football lot­ tery is still in the hands of the courts and probably won t be resolved until next spring, How do you feel about it after watching the results of the first season ? 
ROZELLE: In the begin­ ning, the response was poor. Then they switched from letting the better pick the point spread to provid­ ing the spreads the way the bookmakers do on the par­ lay cards, Tile next step, I suppose, is single-game betting. This is all very in- teresting, because the State of Delaware can’t lay off bets like the bookies do. So they’re taking a chance on losing on the games instead of the state being a guar- 

Sears 

S a im /a c tio n G u a ra n te e d 

 o r Y o u r M o n e y H a ck 
Sears 

D u *O la *a Plox* Slur# 
Soledad al Navarro 

Autom otor 228- I32M rim 228 13o5 
Moo sad Thor*. 7:3o-9 lur*., I rd,, lr)., Sal. 7:3o-o 

Military hr- Alure 
•I Pleasanton Hi). 
Automotor 228- *o28 

Tim # 2 2 8 -5 o 9 5 
Muu. ibm Si I. 
8-o 

(antral Park Starr 
San Pedro at l>oo(i 41o 
Automolite 228-5128 lire* 228-51o5 
Moo. thru Sal 

8-o 

Hima*, n o u n # a ahu co 
Where America shops 

N M C t W O H H O O I ) s l u m s ( m utt item* and a rrtier* »ho*u a lto a l Neighborhood mire*) 
Valley Mi 
*>2 Handera Rd 
I WMI S M W While Md 
. 
674-5511 
432-23o1 
333 2o1o 
A 
UMI** 

* r 

Regular S3 1 .9 9 . Help your car start easier with tins Sears dependable 36 battery ... at this low price. Has good cold cranking power and reserve capacity tor handling accessories. Sizes to bt most 
American-made cars. 

B a lt e r ) p erfo rm a n ce ch a racteristu '* rated lur power acco rd in g * 
•to B a ll e r ) C ouncil In tern ation al * tand ard* (.ro u p 2 It . 

Cold cranking 
Rrwr*#1 
Amp. hour 
Number pnwrr 
4 .amarity raparily of plate* 

29o-am p*. 
4 f> m inutes 
5o 
54 

Installed Sears 
Heavy-Duty 
Shock Absorbers 

H e l p s s m o o t h r i d e ! 
S i z e s to l i t m o s t 

A m e ric a n -m a d e car*, m an y im p orted cars. 

INSTALLED 
FREE 

9 9 

 each 

LIMITED WARRANTY ON HEAVY DUTY POR AS LONG 
AS YOU O W N THE VEHICLE lf H eavy Duly •.Hod# absorber foils while (lie original purchaser owns the car, it will bt? replaced upon return, free of charge, or th?* purchase price will bt? refunded lf the defective shock absorber was installed by Sears, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor, lf the defective shock absorber was not installed by Sears, installation of the replacem ent shock absorber is not included under ibis warranty. 

M O O o ff pads fu r disc brakes 

Regular $12.99 

S e t o f 
I 
(Mlili* fo r 
In tl I 

 fro n t w i l e d '. I fe a t re-ist 
.n il r< -in lr.i-e lin in g . 

*3.IM) o ff drum 

 bruke lin in g 

Regular SI I .9 9 
* 
Ness, not rebuilt or rc- 

 liiie il* Rniulnl-type. | rout or rear 2-wiled hd*. 

H rnaaia** 
Helled 26 and I Md lir e 
W h ite * alt 
* • » 

S a l, 
P rier 
At hit.-v,#d| 
P W c t r 

D T H I I 
2 (». M I 
2 12 

E 7 H - 1 I i t l l 
2 7 . O O 
2 .2 7 

V 7 8 - 1 I 
> H i 
.'1 o .o o 
£ H 

(,7 8 - 1 I 
V . 2 
.1 1 .2 o 
2 . 6 o 

1178 I t s o . 
.’K L O O 
2 .9 .1 

(. 7 8 - 1 5 
* 5 . i 
J I MO 
2 ,6 5 

1 1 7 8 - 1 5 
V ,1, 
C G M ) 
2 8 7 

I 7 8 - 1 5 
H i t t a t o 
1 1 1 

Power-rated 
Sears 36 battery 

26 " 
SALK ss it ll trade-in 

A T H -13 w hitew all and old lire 

U E M E 
S 
O 
/ 1 
.75 silo m ad ar u n . 

2 fiber glass belts and 2 nylon plies help give excellent dura­ bility. Quantities limited. 

7o* o ff battery 

•7 o ff 6 - u m p . battery ch arger booster cables 

Our mo*! popular hnmi-lyp«* 
| 
| \ I) Q 
Regular * I .<*9 
9 9 ^ chattier! Sealed annueler, att- 
■ V 
I 
, 
, 
, 
‘ " ' " V 
• 
. 
I p 
Nil) v ie O U led 12 - f «»«»« liim .itie-reset circuit wreaker. 
^ 
^ t ahle* with color-rnded 
H and ' color-ended clamps. 
Reg. $2o.99 clump*, (’ gauge copiar. 
IR,')') baller? iMMWIrr rattle* ,.<*.99 

5o* off Sears oil filters 

R eg u lar 

S I. 9 9 

Sear*, lowest priced Iii- l«-rI Full-flow design fil­ 

 ter.* all I Im* oil Indore ii re a ch e r engine. 

Save *5, 4-am p. battery charger 

5-amp. in itial surge . . . tapers 
-*■ a q O to 2 amps. Autom atic reset cir- 
I / [ ,o o cuit breaker. Shows charging 
J - 
J L 

 rate. F o r 6 and 12 volt car.*. 
Reg. 8 1 9 ,9 9 

Sears Bc*st steel belted radial 

The Roadllandler 

A R 7 8 -1 3 w hitew all and old tire 

 plus $ 1 .9 3 
I L I . 

 e rugged tire that tamed j famous route of the ny Express! 2 steel belts 
12 radial plies. 

Sears plastic super funnel 
89* 

Add oil, a u to m a tic tra n s­ m is s io n f lu id . f l e x i b l e 

16-in. mizzle. 5-in. d ia m ­ ete r funnel. IU in. long. 

Price* I.inmI thru 
Wednesday* Jan. 12th 

M ounting aud rotation included 

Van Pru e 
I h ite o a lb 
oo.5o 
7 5 . o o 
H im 

8 7 . o o 
92 .5 1 
8 7 . o o 
9 1 . o 2 
9 5 .5 7 
1 o 7 .o o 
.1.56 

 i* k A bt n il .S c a rs ( I r e d it /'/an* 

I t 
U IT fM JL 

M 
I it ll. 
U H tU U L 

 im in 
- ii 

H 
San Antonio EXPRFSS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
E v e r t 
Blam e put on owners 

LOS ANGELES (AP) — The executive director of the National Football League Players Asso­ ciation said Saturday that it's up to NFL owners to g e t 'the stalled negotations on a collective bargaining agreement moving again. 
•rn rn- * 
“ I tlllnk we can an 
M i n e r s 

 h a n g o n 

TDS IN TRIPLICATE 
By Bob Dale: 

 g a i n s f i n a l s 

EL PASO (A P ) - The 
University of Texas at El 
Paso Miners struggled hut managed a 57-49 non-eon- ferenee basketball victory 
Over Mesa (Colo.) College 
Saturday night 
Iii a game marred by a to ta l of 
5o tu rn o v e rs . neither team could manage much of an offense with an 
11-point bulge by the 
Miners the largest of the game. 
Guards Ron .Tones and 
.lake Poole led the M iners w ith 18 and 
12 p o in ts , respectively, while Charles 
Draper added ll 

ATTENTION 
OAKLAND 
RAIDER FANS! 

Mondoy ond Tuesday only, 

 following Super Sundoy, you 
CAN GET ONE 
FREE LESSON 

 for every point the Raiders 
Beat the Vikings By! Call 
Fred 
Astaire Dance Studio 
736-1881 for more informa­ tion! 
P.S. WE LIKE VIKING 
FANS, TOO! 
CALL ABOUT OUR 
“ LOSER S SPECIAL" 
OWERS UNITED TO “OVER 21" 
ONLY 

 agreement in a month or two if w e’ re lu st recog­ nized." said Ed Garvey. 
NFLPA executive director. 
‘ ‘The union has been w illin g to com p ro m ise from day one " 
N FLPA President D ick 
Anderson of the M ia m i 
Dolphins said the players would not agree to a draft outside of a new agreement 
G arvey and Anderson agree it would be possible to maintain some type of restrictive draft if the union could reach agreement on compensation, probably in salary guarantees, w ith the owners 
“ Because of the co u rt cases this year, this is the first time we’ve been able to deal on a viable basis with the owners." said An­ derson. " I think the onus is on them to get an agree­ m ent." 
NFL Commissioner Pete 
Ro/elle said Friday it was the league's goal to reach a form of d ra ft and option compensation arrangement in the collective bargaining will) the NFLPA. 
Garvey said he agreed with the Rozelle that ever­ yone wants a new agree­ ment 
"I think everyone is get­ ting tired of the haggling that’s been going on and we’ve pretty well narrowed down the is s u e s ,’’ said 
G anev. 
Ile also said th a t he didn't think the N FL would attempt to hold any type of draft without a new agree­ ment. 

LANDOVER, 
Md. 
(A P) — Top-seeded 
C hris Evert and No. 3 
Martina Navratilova won relatively easy m atches 
Saturday night and will meet for the championship of the $1oo,ooo women's professional tennis tournament being held in the Washington ar­ ea. 
M iss 
E v e rt, the 
No. 
F ra n k e d wom an in the world and defending cham­ pion here, p olished o ff 
Wendy Turnbull of England 
6-3, 6-1 in only 51 minutes of th e ir s e m ifin a l m atch to gain her slot in Sunday’s final and the opportunity to take the $2o,6oo firs t prize. 
M iss N a v a ra tilo v a , the expatriate Czech who now makes her home in Mission lu lls , C alif., had a slightly m ore d iffic u lt tim e in de­ feating No. 2 seed V irginia 
Wade of England 7-6, 6-o in one hour and 19 minutes. 
Playing her typical base­ line game, Miss E vert got off to a relatively slow start hut soon was placing her forehands and backhands deep and into the corners to take away T urnbull's game of coming to the net 
" I w ould lik e to play more aggressively from the baseline," Miss Evert said after the match. " I would like to make some winners from back there, but when I try I d he m a k in g m ore mistakes.” 
Miss Turnbull said Miss 
E ve rt kept her o ff guard because "C hrissie has such groat ground strokes and I couldn’t come to the net, and also I didn't get a high percent auge of m y fir s t serves iii " 

Express-News scoreboard 

GOLF NOTES 

P H O E N IX ( A P ) — T h ird ro u n d s c o rn s S fitu r d c v in t h * 4 2 o o .o o o 
P h o e n ix O pen G o lf T o u rn o m e n t on th e 6 .7 2 6 v o r d . p o t 71 P h o e n ix 
C o u n try C lub c o u rs e je r r y P ate 
D o ve S to ckton 
L o r r y N elson 
G o ry M cC Ord 
G e o rg e C adie 
S tille r B a rb e r 
H u b e rt G re en 
G ib b v G ilb e rt 
B ul G a rre tt 
G e o rg e B u rn s 
C e sar Sonudo 

67 67 7 o -7 o 1 
AV 77 A l— JOS ne SH 7 1 -7 o 7 
69 7.1 AS— 7 o ' 
71 ISH 69 — 7oS 
7? 69 * 7 -2 o 8 
7o 7) * 8 — 7oV 
7o *8 71 -7 o 9 
7o ft7 — 7o9 
*7 69 7J—Jo9 
69 74 67 — 21o 

STEEL BELTED 
WHITEWALL RADIAL BLEMS 

E R 7 o x 1 4 
4 for *184. 

F R 7 o x l 4 
4 for *199. 

G R 7 o x l 4 
4 for *2o8. 

H R 7 o x l 4 
4 for *219. 

H R 7 o x l 5 
4 for *229. 

J R 7 o x 1 5 
4 for *239. 

L R 7 o x I 5 
4 for *249. 

Plus federal Excise Tax from 2.74 to 3.63 ond tire off your 

WONT END alignment 

Cars 

 up tar. 

DELUXE CHAMPION SUP-R-BEIT O.E. TIRES 
“BLEMS" 

C 7 8 x l4 Whitewalls 

C 7 8 x l4 Blackwells 

G 7 8 x 14 Blacwalls 

H 7 8 x l4 Blackwells 

G78x I 5 Black walls 

L78x1 5 Blackwells 

* 3 1 . ea. 

* 2 8 . 

* 3 4 . 

* 3 6 . 
* 3 5 . e a . 

* 4 o . e a . 

 ea. 

 ea. 

 e a . 

Plus Federal txcise Tax from 2.o5 to 3.14 ea. plus tire off your car. 

SUPER SPORTS WO AND PARNEILI JONES BLEMS 
*33. ea. 

I 

Open d ■; 
8tCou»w 

 s\$o 

 ea. 

 e a . 

•""OL#*** 

A 7ox13 SS wide black 

o7ox14 SS wide white letter 

A6ox13 PJ White letter 

o6ox13 PJ White letter 

D S o x l3 PJ White letter 

G SOx I SP J Blackwall 

16ox15 PJ White letter 
Plus Federal Excise Tax from 2.5o to 3.58 and tire off your car. 

*38. 
*33. 
*36. 
*38 
*5o. 
*56. 

 e e a . 

 e a . 

P R E E 
Mounting 

Many other bargains in all sizes and types are not listed. lf you don't see your size listed, call or come by soon. 

WHITE SPOKE WHEELS 
4 for MOO JJS 4 for M 2 o . 
1 4 x 6 
1 4 x 7 

6 o o 7 WEST AVE. * 5 3 4 5 WALZEM RD. 
AT LOOP 4 1 o 
. ' 
' IN WINDCREST A CAMELOT ARCA . 
PHONE 3 4 3 - 9 4 7 6 
PHONE 6 5 5 - R 4 1 1 

D o ve H ill 
B ob b y W ort* In * 
D a n n y E d w a rd s 
F u zzy 2 o e lle r 
B ru c e L ie tfk e 
To m W e is s o p t 
G eo rg e Jo nn son 
L v n L o tt 
B oo G lid e r 
F o rre s t P e rte r 
G e n * U tlio r t o n H in k le 
M ik e M o rle y 
C a nn y W a d k m s 
A nd y B ean 
P ete r O o s te rh u lk 
John G e n tile 
Don ja n u a r y 
Rik M d s s e n g a 'e 
T Orb k rte 
M ik e H ill 
Bob L im n 
On M o rg a n 
G e o rg e KngdSOa 
H O '* Irw in 
P ra n k B e o -d 
W a lly A rm s tro n g 
MOC M cL e n d o n 
M a rk H aves 
O r v iil* M o o dy 
J e rry M c G e * 
Vie P eo a to do 
P ou t P u r g e r 
Tom E vOns 
G e o rg e A rc h e r 
M a rk P fe il 
B ud A lim 
W oody B ‘OCkDorn 

71 AH 71 - 71o 
7o 71 6 9 -7 1 o 
67 f) 7 1 -2 1 o 
7o 7o 7o— 2 'o 
71 7o 6 9 - 21o 
69 7? 7 o-21 1 
7o 73 6 8 -7 1 1 l l 6V 7 o-71 1 
7o 71 71 - 217 
74 *7 71 - 21 7 
77 68 7 7 -2 1 ? 
69 77 71 -7 1 ? 
69 71 7 7 -2 1 2 
74 7o 6 8 -7 1 ? 
7? 73 6 8 -7 1 3 
77 7) 6 8 -2 1 3 
71 68 7 4 - J U 
77 ch 7 3 - 713 
7.‘ 66 73— ?I I 
75 68 / l l - 713 
71 71 79— ? 14 
TO 71 7 3 -7 1 4 
73 71 7 o -7 1 4 
7 . 7o JI - ?I4 t i 7o 7 3 -7 1 4 
7s „« 7 7 -2 1 3 
79 *7 69 — ?I 3 
71 71 7 3 - 2 1 3 
7 4 7o 71 _ ?1S 
7o 7> ? 7 _ ? i s 
?6 7o ftV — ? I S 
66. 73 7 6 -2 1 S 
71 71 7 3 -2 1 3 
?S 71 7 o -2 1 6 
71 73 7? — ? 1ft 
7o 7? 7 1 -2 1 6 
7? 73 71 - 216 
64 72 7 3 -7 1 6 

TRANSACTIONS 

C O L L E G E F O O T B A L L 
T E X A S A R L I N G T O N a n n o u nce d th e s ig n in g et seven fo o t­ b a ll p la y e rs , in c lu d in g to u r tu m o r c o lle g e tra n s fe rs a n d th re e school b o y s 
T h e y in c lu d e d k ic k e r T o m 
S k o ru o p o of R a n g e r JC a nd C o rp u s 
C h ris ti M ille r , o ffe n s iv e lo c k ie a nd c e n te r 
D on R e ed o f D o d g e C ity . 
R o n 
J C . o ffe n s iv e to c k lc D e w e y 
W a k e fie ld of N o v o rro JC a n d O a iio s 
B 'S h o o D u n n * ; Q u a rte rb a c k 
D o n 
S tr ic k lin o f P o r ts N o rth L a m a r , w id e re c e iv e r K y le B o o k o u t of f > less T rin ity a nd w id e re c e iv e r B ill 
K in d e r o f M in e ra l W e lls 
The JC trc jn J e rk w ill e n ro ll in the s p rin g 

TRACK 

C A R P E N T E R S 
W oody Tucker. Eddie Guerra. 
Frgn. D .L O Rosa. Ai BeHiey 
4?, 
Jim Broftrn, Gene Champer loin. 
Jock Cam pbell. Cnuc« Morton. 42. 
Eddie Parades. Prank F a s te r. O r vine G e r n a n ii, c v 
R u s s e ll. 44. 
Abel Mango Andy Beaver. L C 
Berme, Gus Boing 14 

P AN A M E R I C A N G A 
Sunday s pair m g , o f Brae ken ridge 
Poi* l l o.m , Ma. Ricondo. J o e 
Gutierrez Sr 
R o y LOIQrm. From. 
Cneedler. ll o8 - Roy Agoillon, 
RooeM Gore 1O. Rudy Monita. Rem 
Avoid ll I* — Ai Mondo Jr . Oscar 
Martinez, Homer Garcia, Ape Ai drrete, Ii ?4 — jim Agnition Ai 
Zeoedo. Dan Johnson, Jesse Gutter ret ll J? — 
J o c k Oozier At 
Mayor go. 7/ar tin M on 1 ta , Art 
Trevino, ll 4o — Jesse Ozone Ai 
Agnition. Ai Momta Sr 
Rudy 
Aguilar, I' 48 — P emando Morales. 
Tony Gonzales, john Carrel©. Roy 
Hernandez. ll 36 — Ray Olivares. 
Ted Mercado Lee Apotingr. Tom 
Rodriguez. I? o4 — Tony Nova Ray 
Reyno Joy Herrera Edward Mont ta I? 17 — jonn Rodriguez. Joe 
Calderon, Rogue Gonzales. Dave 
Carrillo 

S A G A 
Pairings for M o n d a y s m e m b e r, sh.p to u rn e y of O ak H ills o n e Tee 
— H l o o m , Bod MOyn*s, Dove 
C o u n ts , P h il R o b e rts o n . Sk y S k in n e r ; 8 J? - S a m B 'c r v 
E l b > 
(h o n a n A i B lo o m . C la u d e W tlk e r. son. 8 4o - JO * POSZ WO. D o n M e r ten E r k P r o s e r 
H a ro ld C o e b u rn . 
8 48 — L e o n o ra W ood. P ro n * Oar ris e , L e s lie C o tto n , J k u r t tc ie e te id . 
8 36 — S am H u s to n 
B ll P lo w e rs . 
Bob B ra tto n To m A ig e r 
9 o4 - J im 
Th om pso n, B tl) Boyd. J a m M itc h e ll, 
Jo e F r o s t , l l : I * — V i r g i l a t e n m u # H *r, B la c k ie T s c h irn g rt, A i Te« ff tu r m o n G u e s s . II 74 — M o r r is 
R o b e rts , C o r s le t S c h a e t* r , l D 
R o b e rts , J o hn H a r r is l l 37 — R on 
B rm s o e te r, Ted C ro n e . M ik e C io tn . 
C h u c k C o r o n e r s , l l 4o — D o u g 
D o w n in g , C a r l S c h c n k e n , J o h n 
M c C o rm ic k 
P e c k B u s ts , l l 
48 — 
Leo L a b e l. P o u t S p tv e v , jo e C asse 
J e r r y K ir s c h n e r ; l l 
3ft — B u l 
H o u c k . M is e H o dg e s fcd him R o nn ie 
W e n d in g . 17 o4 — C o n M e id e n Jim 
S tin k a rd , D o le S tin k a rd . E rn ie T o m le y , 12 17— A i B ie is e r jo h n n on ro e . 
Roo R onde. G o ry W is e a 'ie v , i? /o - 
M ik e W e in tro u D . J « m f s D u n c a n , jo c k R ow an B ru c e H o op e r i j 28 — 
T in k e r D a v id s o n - G o ry A n ti jo h n 
W o m e n , C huck A b e rt, I? 
_ s ty 
N o rto n , John K e ll, D on P e n n in g to n . 
B ill L e w is . I? 44 — t# O n o ro Brown. 
D o n B a r n e y , T o m W illia m s 
D o n 
D o m , I? s? - w l W h a n . boc Al­ d e rs o n , O en sil H a llm a rk Sr 
D e nn y 
H a llm a rk, I OO — V o n StOkt 
R ob 
K a u fm a n , Doug S m ith p ics Killian 
I OE — A l T im m o n s D a v id r ro u s e . 
Tom V ickers tOTM Tee ft i? a rn 
— C a rl W erner, J im M ocN o* t i n 
Schuessier M a rk A eon 8 4o — Tom 
B e thea 
Boo B r u m b y . L e s B o y d . 
F re d W h ite , 8 48— jim Pnom Oon 
H ow ard Watt F isher, A rg k (h o ra s o n , I 36 — G e n o M c G lv n - 
To m 
DZZell, JO* OrosZCO, H e n ry G im pie. 
« o4 - C a rl B o ra go d e n w in e y , 
Boots H ebert, M onon P itt l l ie — 
Lotto© Come. Gem Lutz. Ken Lana ston, Bdl Henze, l l 24 - B ill Ohed' 
MetD K g rre n Dick A lte rm an. H a rv e y 
M o r m o n , l l 37 — h J 
B e lla m y 
F ra n k Clancy, R oo G u e v O 'a . P re s ton LeP ogn l l 4o — Chef D e n im 
P e a rs o n B ro w n . J o c k M a tte r. J im 
W atson l l 48 - B o o Barry R o dn e y 
Ludwig, 66a» C a ra n e C a rl P re s to n , 
I I 36 — B ro d O k to rd , Bop H o w e ll. 
Joe C o n ra d D on P e in e 12 o4 - D a v e 
F in d la y , C<Oude C roo k Jo* H o rte n , 
B ill Gibson, 
12 12 - T o m Turner, 
C le m Curry, L a m a r S im m o n s , J o * 
H e r r in g , 
17 2o — a i R a n g e . M a c 
C u rry , John K eene, H u g h G a rd n e r; 
17 28 - A i H a w le y . P hil H a re m s B u l 
M e z /e tti 
J im Page. 17 36 — B o b* 
P e te rs , H a rle y C o tto n . H e rb B la k e ly , 12 44 — M a rty G u y s . L a r r y C o y , 
O ry ilte C le v e rly , V o n Efdert 
I J 37 
— D B H ig h , Lee C h ris to p h e r, A i 
Trevethon, G ordon H a rt; I OO — jim 
G rant, At Soeor. Bm B oreuis. M ike 
Wvsong. I OE - Boo Dobbins, D o w 
Hurries, Roger M opiO k. I Ie — Lynn 
Carter 
R a to n C a rd e n a s , 
O o n 
Tomez, M an M artinez 

SA R O A lR U N N fc E S 
W A C O - 
The San A n to n io r o o a- n n e rs w o n tn e T unas Store C ross 
C o u n try <h o m p io n s h ip s S a tu rd a y n ip p in g th e H o u s to n H o m e r s o n d 
Cen Te» fo r th e te a m title 
SA h ad 
7? p o in ts to 73 to r the O ther te a m s 
SA fin is h e rs a n d tim e s in c lu d e d 
7 
J o h n D ic k e y , 42 48 
( f o r e iq h t k ilo m e te rs ), 8 J im G a rz a . 4? 33. 9 
P k ii P o n c d s h e k . 41 CS. 
19 
D a v id d D e h e ii. 43 24. 
4o 
B o o W o is h . 
49 I* 
31 
C h a n ts M e rk e iz , 31 21' 
63 
P h il B oyne, 34 28 
M e rk e l? g rid 
B oyn e w e re th e too fin is h e rs iii th e m a s te rs I so a n d o v e r I d iv is io n J e ff 
W ens of f en T r i w a s th e to p in . divuT uoi w ith a tim e of 4o 49 
D E N T O N 
— A l 
B e r k e n o f th e 
R o a d ru n n e rs pine r d se con d an the 
US T FF N o rth T c » o s N a ra th o n So ty ra a v 
He c o v e re d the ?t, rn ie. ..63 v O 'd d is t a n c e rn *w h n o m r s 
17 m in u te s . 33 seconds 
R ic n o ro C a id w e n o f G a lv e s to n w o n it m tw o h o u rs , 41 m in u te s . 18 se con ds 
T n j. 
Ohiy other S A e n try. J o h n C a 'v a t e s e . eros 
1 'i n in to u r h o u rs , 
16 m in g le s , 17 seconds 

SKIING 

G A RAUSCH P A R T E N K I RC H E N 
W est G e rm a n y (A P I L e a d e rs rn m e m en s W o rld C up d o w n h ill s k i ra c e 
S a tu rd a y 
1, 
F ra n z 
K io m m e r. A u s tria 
7 o2 63 
2, fccnsf W in d ie r, A u s tria . ? O ' JE 
3, Pe'er Wirnsberger, Austria 
7 o4 M 
4 B e m n o rd R u s s ia . S w itz e rla n d . 
2 o4 96 
5. Jose! W a tc h e r A u stria , 7 o3 17 
6. (fie-1 V c h o e l Ve in , W est G e t m a n y w a rt A n d e rs o n . G re e n e M a im . 
2 OS 74 
* l ta n n e r a 
S to ck. a . s 'r o. 

9 
B o rt 
G en sO 'C h ie ' A s tria . 

O T H E R T E X A S T E A M S tndiO na St 
43. W est T exas St 
41 
M id w e s te rn 71, M e M u rrv 62 
T e xa s S o u th e rn 99, W ile y C o il 63 
D o d o s 
B a p t is t 
72, O k la h o m a 
S ciences & A rts 363 
M is s is s ip p i V a lie v 9S, P r a ir ie v ie w 9o 
L u b b o c k C h ris tia n 63. O k la h o m a 
C h ris tia n 6o 
T e«as E l P oso 57. M e sa Coto 49 
H ouston B a p tis t 71, R o b e rt M o rr is 
65 

O T H E R S 
In d ia n a 8o. Illin o is 6o 
M ic h ig a n 6* W is c o n s in 63 
P u rd u e #7, O hio St 63 
S yra c u s e 9o A m e ric a n 86 
B o w lin g G re en 3© to le d o 33 k e n tu c k y *4 
V a n d e rb ilt *2 
Tennessee 67 
A D urn 79 
F lo rid a lf) I, G ear Ola ’ 6 
W a s h in g to n Oh. S ta n fo rd 77 
R u ta e rs 84 C o n n e c tic u t 77 3 C T 
W a ke F o re - t 86. M a ry la n d 83 O T < 
N o rth C a ro lin e 91, V irg in ia 87 
C le m so n 98 G e o rg ia Teen 69 
M a rq u e tte es. S outh C a ro lin a 54 
LO otsviHe 9o, T y ig n e 81 
St 
J o h n s , N V, 82. R hode Is la n d 
67 
H o ly C ross Et 
F o rd h o m 74 
G eo rg e to w n 81. StQ oenm 57 
W illia m & M a ry 68, A p p a la c h ia n 
St 63 
P enn 66. H o rv o rd 58 
P rin c e to n 63. D a rtm o u th 32 
B ro w n 76. V o le 69 
C e n tra l M ic h ig a n 76. E a s te rn M i 
C hlgon 7o 
W e s te rn M ic h ig a n 84. k e n t St 
SS 
C o lg ate 79. s t 
L a w re n c e 76 
K an sa s 77. M is s o u ri 77 
New M e x ic o St 6* 
W ic h ita St 67 
D e tro it HS, L o n g is la n d 77 
R ic h m o n d 77, E a s t C a ro lin a 62 
CHd D o m in io n 7o G e o rg ia St 
.36 
F u rm a n 69. DovicJson 56 
K a n sa s St 
57, N e b ra s k a s? 
P ro s e 1o3, San D ie g o St 
8o 
W est V irg in ia 97, P en n St 
72 
NE L o u is ia n a 7o, A rk a n s a s St 65 
D a y to n 75, C in c in n a ti w a v ie r 59 
S anta t ia r a 1o2. P o rtla n d 93 ? QT 
V a m p 63. F o irle ia n D ic k in s o n 46 
A u s tin P c o v #o. E a s te rn K e n tu c k y 
74 
Io n a 71. N ia g a ra 67 
Seton H a ll 41, V itta n o v a 8o 
G e o rg e W a s h in g to n 94, P itts b u rg h 

77 

 e lim in a tio n to u rn a m e n t, sto r ^ a a i j 
IO a rn 
S a tu rd a y 
F m al re s u lts o f* the W in ie r L e a g u e 
E o g le s ,JlJt E °s* 
V e r n ia 
B a n k , 
8 7, 
L o 
V e r n ia * - 
K n o th o le , 7-3. 

RACING SUM M ARY 

S U N L A N D P A R K 
F e a tu re - 
Tie B re a k e r 
(V t 4o). P aso P ea ce . 
Five R. Scout F iv e ond fu rlo n g s rn I o5 I 5 
S A N T A A N IT A 
M a lib u S to ke s - 
C o io k 
1 5 6 .4 o ), D o u b le D is c o u n t 
L ittle R iv o 
S even fu rlo n g s rn I 23 

B O W IE 
42 7 .6 5 o 
£ 
P a lm e r 
H i-o g e rty S takes — M r C o rn e rs to n e 
(54 2o1, W ilm in g to n F la s k 
G a m e 
C h o rg e S even fu rlo n g s rn I 2? 

W A S H IN G T O N P A R K 
53.3oo 
A isa a P u rs e - G ood L a Q uinta 
(46 oo1 
Loose D o lla r 
R ock Creek 
Si* fu rlo n g s 
C A L D E R 
493 ooo T ro p ic a l P o rk 
D e rb y — R u tn ie s N a tiv e (439 2o1. f net Prey*!, D ream ing of M o * One a nd 116 m ile s in I 44 2 3 
K E Y S T O N E 
T u s c a r o r a n a n d icau — D ouble Q uester (48 OOI, 
C o la L it. Nijrthernheiress O ne ana 
116 miles. 
A Q U E D U C T 
432.8oo P a u m o n o k 
H a n d ic a p — W h a ts v o u r p ie o s u r e 
<49 7 o ). B c ig h t D is c o v e r y 
D u e 
D ilig e n c e 
S i* fu rlo n g s in I IO 3 5 

79 

P ete r 
S w itz e rla n d , 

BASKETBALL 

C O L L E G E B A S K E T B A L L 
S aturday s G am e s swc 
S M U 66. TC U SS 
A rk a n s a s l l , H o usto n 7o 
B a y lo r 73, T e xa s 73 
T e *o s Tech I i . R i t e SE 
LSC 
H o w a r d P o y ne 
79, 
S o u th w e s t 
T e *o s 67 
T e xa s - A 
§7, A o o e m S' 
*2 
S tephen F 
A u s tin 95, T o n e to n 66 t o s t T e *a s 8o. t o s t T e xa s B ap fis t 71 

G on n oh 89, K in g s Con 
B u c k e e n 76, UpSQla SE 

C o rn et! 71. B uffo!© 6o 
L a fa y e tte 76. A rm y 67 
A m h e rs t 7j, W ore ne s te r Tech 56 
V M I 1o7. E m o ry A H e n ry 71 
B c-'io H m ln e 81, U n io n 8o 
F a irm o n t St 79, M o rr is H a rv e y 65 
D e nison 78, O nto W e vle vo n 73 
W est G e o rg ia 8o A rm s tro n g St 
73 
N e w b e rry 1oB. V o o rh e e s 8o 
T ri S la te 7o,6o 
B e th e l, m d 
St 
M o re h e a d st 
79. M u r r o r y St 
71 
P ik e s v ille 99, C a m p b e lls v ille 75 
W ooster 8o B a ld w in W o tio r e *8 
N o rfo lk S' 
83, W insto n S alem 34 
T e nnessee C h o tta n o o g o IQ I, E o s te rn Illin o is 8o 
St 
P ete r s. N J 
’ 5. W a g n e r s4 
V a h osta Si 83 
A u g u s ta Con 
71 
N o rth D o * m a 
7o 
N o rth D o k O 'a 
St 
33 f lo r id a A A M 65 M o rn s B ro w n 6o 
S acred H e a rt I U , A d e lp h i 797 

 t o u r n e y s 
Laredo invitational 
C h a m p io n s h ip 
W h a rto n vs A lv in 
Th ird P lace 
L ee Colt 87 L a re d o 67 
C o n s o rtio n 
Schreiner 7! 
Aatonoma Nuevo 
Leon 62 

SOFTBALL 

High school 
\ibasketball 

Southside, 7 8 *7 6 

S O U T H S ID E (78) - 
R o y M a re s 
19 k e n M o o re 18. Joe U rie g o s 17 
B o ro ia s 8, 
P e a rs n n 6. 
C o s tilla 6. * 
W illia m s 4 
ST 
A N T H O N Y 
(78) 
— 
C e d n c 
H u dso n 22. R o n n ir R o b e rt 14 G re g 
H a rtm a n 14, D a v id E m s 14, M E llis 
9 
R eyes 3 
H c ittim e : 
S ou thside 4$, St 
A ntu onv 4) 
H ig h lig h t s : 
O re © 
H a r t m o n m isse d a sh ot fro m th e c o rn e r a t the b u z z e r, try in g to tie th e sco re to r St A n th o n y . 

 h ill g ilts o f 

C o l ii in b u s 

Dallas Duane* 31-2o 

D A L L A S B IS H O P D U N N E ( l l ) — 
F a rro w IE, H u b a ce k l l . O D o nned. 
R a tiitf. 
D 
( a s tu te . 
M 
C a s tillo , k e n d ro 
Lee. 
D 
U a rk e n n d « r, 
M h o ik e n rIde r, W est 
B L E S S E D 
S A C R A M E N T 
A C A D E M Y (JO) - 
C mtjv R a m o s 
Kl E d m u n d s 7, x 
C o re id J, G o e rtz 
I 
M 
R a m o s. S onchez, A rc im e g a 
M endon odo 
H a lf t im e 
B -h o p 
D u n n e 
9. 
B lessed S a c ra m e n t 8 

D IS C O T H E Q U E 

F O R S A L E 

GROSS $5oo,ooo IN 1976 
25% NIT 
$1oo,ooo USM TO HANOI! 
P O BOX 2564 
SAN ANTONIO. TX 78229 
B E T O L E A G U E w ill be o 
IO g a m e 

Y S / / / S 

HANDBALL 

S T A N L E Y B A N K S f Ok)MN 
J unior M a s te rs 
S e m ifin a ls 
- 
T o m m y W o rre ll a e t 
D on E d is o n . 
2> IO, ?1 6 
J im S e lle rs d e l 
R on 
A n a * 's o n , ?! ie. 71 8 
M a s te ry Sin d ie t 
B an E m b e r g d er 
V a in e r 
A lie n 
J I is JI 14 t o m m y W o rre ll n i l 
R o n M c C le lla n . 21 7. 21 17 
M o s i e r * Doubles 
H a r r y T u rn e r 
J im R obe its a et M oses P e re z D a v e 
W o o # 
21 IO 21 12. J im S e d e rs A r t t a n g y a e ' 
J o h n C a p o t o n a R o v 
G onzalez 
I* 21. 2114 t i 3. 
F in a ls 
- 
B e rn ie P o w e rs L e e B u tle r d e t 
Shelby S ta n le y a to n ity D a v e L o u ro . 
2 1 5 21 17 
Golden M a s te rs Doubles 
— H enry B e itrom Ace M a llo ry det 
Joe Jam er jim S tra p p e r, v 21. 21 to, 
It IO, A l ber lier Stanley A lle n aet 
Tea R e id B roo B radley, t i l l , 2 l »2 

Yeoman voted tops 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 9 1977 

BILL YEOMAN 

. . . recruiter 

HOUSTON (A P ) - De­ spite the national prestige the Houston Cougar football team received this season. 
Coach Bill Yeoman, named the Texas Sports Writer 
Association College Coach of the Year, says he won’t try to capitalize on the ex­ posure by recruiting na­ tionally. 
He ll remain in Texas like he always has, comb­ ing the populous Houston and Dallas areas and the small towns in East and 
Southeast Texaor his re­ cruits. 
Houston, which posted a 
1o-2 record and Cotton Bowl victory over Maryland Tan. 
I. helped to prove Yeo­ man’s oft-stated contention that if he recruits success­ fully in a 3o-mile radius of 
Harris County, he’ll be a winner. 
“ I don’t think we can find 

 any better football players in any other section of the country,” said Yeoman. whose Cougars finished fourth in the nation. “ Plus the economic factor is tre­ mendous.’’ 
“ Texas people are differ­ ent and football in Texas is a little different,'* Yeoman said. “ What’s important to a kid in Pennsylvania might not be important down here.’’ 
Yeoman long has had a reputation for his ability to recruit in the small Texas hamlets and sniff out little recruited athletes and turn them into All-Americans. 
Robert Newhouse, now a running back with the Dal­ las Cowboys, was not hea­ vily recruited at Hallsville, 
Tex. when he signed on with the Cougars. Dick 
Post, another former UH groat, was a rare out of 
Clip this coupon! 

, TWO RBEYE STEAK , 
I PLATTERS FOR *4.391 
(with this coupon) Bring this coupon — plus someone you like and enjoy a pair of ribeye steaks selected for taste and tenderness... with baked potato or golden french fries and Sizzler toast. Both for just 
$4.39. 

I c o a 
D 
o u 

1 

I 
I 

I 
^ 
IT - 

' * * * h o m e of 
S rtA K LO V ER S 

• Hwy. 9o at Military Dr. 
• Vance Jackson at loop 41o 
• 462o Broadway 
• 14o2 S.W. Military Dr. 
• Broadway at loop 41o 

This coupon good now through Jan. I 3, 1 9 7 7 

SUN.-'THUR. I I A .M .- 9 P .M . 
FRI. & SAT. I I A .M .- I O P .M . 

I r» 
O 
C 
"O 
O3 
I 

I 

© Sidler Family Sleuth Houses IS. o 
■ WSM SBM WM coupon 
I 
JI 

 state find, coming from 
Pauls Valley, Okla 
Asked if he ever thought about changing his recruit­ ing strategy, Yeoman said 
“ Yes, we bring it up every once in awhile but we al­ ways discard it. 
“ We get kids from Texas where their parents and girlfriend and schoolmates can come and see them play,” Yeoman said. 
Consequently, only three out-of-state players were on the Cougars’ 1976 South­ west Conference champion­ ship roster. 
“ When I was at Michigan 
State, we had a whole pot lull of kids from Detriot.” 
Yeoman said. “ But playing for Michigan State meant more to them then just playing football. I hope it’s the same for kids down here.” 
Title 
Yeoman said winning the 
SWC title has meant so­ mething as he dots the state seeking recruits this months in preparation for the Feb. I date for signing 
SWC letters of intent. 
“ The reception has been warmer, and the credibility of the Houston program has been established.” Yeoman said. “ In the minds of tin' writers and kids across the state* it has been en­ hanced.” 
And Yeoman’s recriting techniques also are gaining credibility. 

(wame cancelled 
The scheduled game between St. Philip’s and the 
Huston-Tillotson J unior 
Varsity for Tuesday Hight in Austin has been can­ celled, announced St. Phi­ lip’s Coach Ken Pulliams. 
The Tigers, 4-6 on the year, will not return to ac­ tion until next Friday when they travel to Baytown to meet Lee College in their conference opener. 

Soviet** cleeked 
Q UEBEC (A P) - Curt 
Brackenbury scored two goals Saturday, helping the 
Quebec Nordiques score a 
6-1 triumph over the Soviet 
Union’s national team in the final game of tin* 
Russians* eight-game lour. 
NEWS TO NEWS... 
• • W E ’ RE * I 

THANKS 
FOR THE 
VICTORY! 

REMEMBER WHEN YOU WERE A KID IN SCHOOL LEARNING 
ABOUT FRACTIONS? THE FIRST THING YOU LEARNED WAS 
TO FIND A COMMON DENOMINATOR. FOR EXAMPLE, YOU 
DON’T COMPARE HALVES TO QUARTERS; YOU DON’T 
COMPARE APPLES TO ORANGES; AND YOU DON’T COM­ 
PARE TELEVISION NEWS TO FOOTBALL. ACCORDING TO 
THE MOST RECENT NIELSEN RATINGS, THESE ARE THE FACTS 
ABOUT TELEVISION NEWS IN SOUTH TEXAS: 

6 PM 
TV 5 
STATION *‘B" 
STATION "C ” 

EYEWITNESS NEWS 
NEWS 
NEWS 
MONDAY 
36 
35 
19 
TUESDAY 
3o 
35 
24 
WEDNESDAY 
38 
31 
2o 
THURSDAY 
38 
34 
18 
FRIDAY 
36 
33 
2o 

NEWS AVERAGE 
36 
34 
2o 

IO PM 
TV 5 
STATION ” B” 
STATION ‘‘C* 

EYEWITNESS NEWS 
NEWS 
FOOTBALL 
MONDAY 
26 
26 
48 
NEWS 
TUESDAY 
4o 
26 
3o 
WEDNESDAY 
39 
24 
33 
THURSDAY 
39 
25 
31 
FRIDAY 
39 
25 
34 
SATURDAY 
38 
32 
21 
SUNDAY 
33 
37 
23 

NEWS AVERAGE 
36 
28 
29 

EYEWITNESS NEWS is a leader at noon with 5o% of the view- 
| h. T Y 
B 
I I 
W 
9 ^ Wmm ▼ 
▼ 
W 
* w 
^ 
^ 
» w w » f ...... w W 
/ V V * • * * ^ ’ * w * w ing audience and at 5 pm with 45% of the viewing audience against entertainment programming. But apples to apples and television news to television news, EYEWITNESS NEWS is still 
San Antonio’s choice for news. And that makes us your choice. 
We won. Thanks for the victory. 
*rcjnHr.qv based O" A C 
Nit-lsmn audience es*tma»es — O M A shore cd audience Satiny period t I 
4 
76 12 
I 
? 6 
EYEWITNESS NEWS 

Strikes ’n 
Spares by Harry Page 

?Tis the season for tournam ents 

Tournaments and more tournaments will keep local keglers busy for the next few months. 

Starting things off will be the 189-and-under tournament at All Star, and the combined Southeast/Southwest Classic 
Bow ling associations’ event at Sports Palace this weekend. 
The 211th annual Pfeiffer League Officers’ tournament at 
Wonder Bowl, and the 
Ladies Amateur Tourna­ ment Association’s event at Oak Hills are set for 
Jan. 22-23. 
A new and improved 
Alamo Tournament As­ sociation meet has been set for Jan. 29-3o at 
Thunder Bow l. 
The 12th annual South­ west 
Texas 
Junior 
Bow ling 
Assoeiat ions tournament at Goliad, and the eighth annual 
Senior Citizens’ event at 
San Pedro Lanes, are both scheduled for Feb. 
5-fi. 
The Bist annual Texas 
Tenpin Tournament will convene March I at the 
Highland Social Club. 
Also on the upcoming schedule, the 45th annual Texas State Men’s Bowling 
Association festival will start on March 12 and end June 5, and the JIM Ii annual Texas Women’s Bowling Association gathering begins March 25. 
Qualifying rounds in the 189-and-under meet are I, 3, and 5 p.m. Saturday and the finals will start at 2 p.m. 
Sunday. 
Art Vera announced that an organizational meeting will be held at noon Sunday at All Star 
'l'he SFBCA/SCBA will begin at ll a m. Saturday and the finals will begin at 1o.3o a.rn Sunday. 
The entry deadline for the SWIM BA junior meet, which will feature five divisions, is midnight Monday. 
Squad times for tin1 doubles an1 I p.m. on Saturdays, and 5 p.in. on Sundays. The singles and doubles have shifts at ti a iii. and 5 p.m. Saturdays and I p iii. on Sundays. The meet will run for three weekends. In the event entries exceed lane and shift capacities, a fourth weekend will be added 

Friday is the closing date for entries i i i the TWILA tourney, which will be held at Amarillo Bowl and Western 
Bowl in Amarillo. Entry fee is 8o per event. All events is an optional 81. 
All entry forms must he certified by Sylvia Braxies, the local association secretary, and then forwarded to tho state secretary's office. This meet ends in Mas . 

M eeting slated fo r sof tho liers 

First organizational meeting for the HITT spring and summer softball season is called for 7 p.m. Monday in the 
Farmer’s Market in downtown San Antonio. 
Invited are managers, coaches and sponsors of teams desiring to participate in the summer session 
Policies and procedures will be discussed and questions answered by officials of the City Recreation Division. 
Information about fielding teams iii the city leagues can be obtained by calling Art Trepagnier, municipal athletic supervisor, at 828-8111. 

SYLVIA BROYLES 
...SAWB X secretary 

PSB A deadline 

The men have inst a little more time — but . much — to enter tin1 TSBA event. Tile deadline tor rntr> • 
Kin 3o 
Entry fee in all classes is 88 per event, with an optional 
82 all events fee. Entries should he mailed lo tin* TSEA secretary, Bus Pfeiffer, at 73(12 Ashton Place, San Antonio, 
8229 

 lhc TSBA will hold the team competition at Super Bow I 

 i i i Midland, and the singles and doubles at Busby’s Lanes rn Odessa 
Both tile TSBA and tin1 TW UA do not accept personal checks. l’he Senior Citizen’s mixed event is bowlers ages 55 and over. Deadline for entry is Jan. 27. 

Doubles may be entered only once and consist of two women, two men or mixed. Singles may Im* entered only once. since it is divided*Tnto separate men and women div isions. The team event is scheduled at 1:3o and I p m 
Eel). 5, and the singles and doubles start at 1:3o p in. Feb. 
H 

Deadline for e n t r y i i i the League Officers’ meet is 
Wednesday. Entry fee is 82 75 and entry forms should Im* mailed to tin* Sun Antonio Bowling Association office at 
2811-A East Southcross, San Antonio. 78223. 
Iii this tournament, shifts have been sot for 3:3o and 4:45 pm. Jan. 22, and ll a.ne, 12 15, 1:3o. and 2:45 p.m. on Jan. 
23. 

Turner Club, Hermann Sons. Knights of Columbus, St. 
Joseph s Society. Martinez Social Club and the Highland 
Social Club will represent the Alamo City in the Tenpin 
Tourney, which will start March 4 and continue through 
June 28. The entry deadline is Saturday. 

Men’s and women’s teams from New Braunfels. Seguin, 
Boerne, Schulenburg, La Grange, Austin, Brenham. Texas 
City, Sealy, Galveston, Houston, and Rosenberg-Richmond will compete in the event. 

Finally, the closing date for entries into the 48t!i annual 
Southwest Bowling Association tournament is Jan. 3o The event will be held March 5 through April 3 iii W lehita, Kau. 
For further information contact the Kegler at 828-5745 or write Gene Hicks, Southwest Bowling Association, P.O. 
Box 45342, Tulsa. Okla.. 74145 

Lasl week’ s results 

O THER 1*7* RE ATV 
The Son Pedro Team of Brion 
P la n n e r. John W illia m to n , Joe 
Bennett. Spencer Burnom, and Bill* 
H a m b v set an A JB C n o tio n a l record with a 3*17 handicap te n e t, and Pat Dickey had a 2** ond an 
SUI te n e t lo t! year 
Planner had 
7**. yyniiam ton *7o. Bennett S*7, 
Burnom 423, and Hamby 4** tor a 
3o*2 tcrotch te n e t 
A handicap ot 
424 gave the quintet the record 

LANE NOTES 
ALL STAR 
David Zimmer handel 
61). Moi Meek *4J. Beth Knowlton 
4*1, D o lly H o i* in t 
491. M a r y 
Mc Mannas SS2, K ay M o lte n 46), 
T heima M artin SS? 

ASTRO 
Don Faifcus 264 681. 
Mickle Hancock 69*. Beverly Hot lowich S97, G loria Pollin', 246 Ski. 
H otem ory C io rn e c k i S7S. Sharon 
Sehrum SZO. H ollow ith S67. M ickle 
Hancock 464, Judy Burkhordt 467 ond 461), Eiti Torneryk 449, Brenda 
Von Kieet SS). Schram S43 

BOWL ER AMA je u D iese l 67?. 
Danny Gonzales 6oo. Bernice White 
SOO ond SS/. Ar teen Scarborough 
SS/ 
GOLIAD 
E mer a nee Gawlik SS?, 
Sandy Piensiek S49, Thftka Irw in 
537. Mono Voider 6*7, John Glendo 
664, Mark W oldrep 248 6)8, Jerry 
Moon 63o. Bob Freeboot 6?*, Joe 
Vito BuenroMro 611, Ronnie Hulm e 
6o8 
Elm er P n tby, a tem or citiien, hod o 247 game ond a 41* tenet ll? men over 6oo te n e t). 
H E R M A N N SONS 
Sam ft on On chok 6o3, Bruce Doudtlm 689, Ken 
P a rk h u rtt 48?, G a r y S ta c y 481, 
Withe Reimnger 674. Ruth M ayer 
SIO, 
E d n a 
R eed 
499. 
E s te lla 
Rabedi-OU 499 
7/,ary D a vis 498 
Oavit. Florence Carter, trm o III- horde M argaret Flint and Tom ban 
Miguel picked up difficult splits 

OAK HILLS 
Bill Baker 247 619, 
Tom N c im ro e 6U4, C en rod La- kowtki 6o4, Robe rt Wand 6o4, Kathy 
K ir vt I A JB C I 2)4617. Aroon M vert 
SSO, G ail Contg S49, Agnes Las- kowsM 6*4, Lenora Rote 44e. Mm hie Siothower 419. 
Bob fe lt*am had on 8o2 series in a No lo o tournament — ne started with o TO? gam e and finished w ith two JOU oomes Of the 24 strikes, 17 were strikes and seven w ere no tao 

SAN PE D R O 
Carolyn Jonas 4/S, 
E dna Zettner *,47, Brenda McGor vie S46. Honk M e v e r 63?. D an byw ords 63o, Don Steubing 626, 

M arvin Koines 6o8, Jim Jungm an 
494, David Pruske S98, Tony Bem ol 
SBH 
Anita Ramsey rolled a 178 an spare game 

S O U T H S ID E 
L a r r y 
Jo n e s 
244 687, Rime Go me* 244 647, L o rry 
H e itk o m p 6)4, 
Sp eed S tr a u s s 
24/ 627, Ken Pierce 61?, Susie Orb/ 
611, S6S, 44o, M a ry Bo tella 462, 
V ic k ie V ic h o r e lli 46o. S h ir le y 
Adams 4S4, Eunice Hampton 44/ 
(Si* men over 6oo series; I? women over 4)o sen t- I. 
Terr y Trevino had an 186 all spore gam e 
T wo men with an ISO or belter avernal an* needed for the Thursday night 
Men s Charter League, and bowling flosses tor the working people with start at 9 p rn Fob 3, call 927 J/o1 tor further information 

S P O R T S P A L A C E 
D o ro th y 
M cM ahan 496. M a ry B ra u n 469, 
Svtvio Chave/ SS9, Frances Schmidt 
441, Joyce Johnson 448. Boh H arris 
249 7o6, M ark W o ld re p 249 697, 
Mark Ross 6*2, H arry Fletcher 642, 
Joe Maher 6)6 
(Si* women over 
44o series, 
IS men 6oo or better series) 
Pool Zavala who nos o 144 overage, had a IS) triplicate 

T H U N D E R 
A n n ie Jo h n sto n 
243 479. M arge Hamilton SSO, Nellie 
F irm in S JI, Annette Bro w n SJO, 
Woody M om s 244 644, Nome Swvn aer ton 616. Amos Greer ©It, Robert 
OrneUos 6o2, George M arshall 6o2. 
W ayne Nosier 479 
Robert M an- duiono had his first 2oo (2oo event game 

W O N D E R 
B O W L 
L a r r y 
Kossner 6*ft, Jo-hn G lendo 684, 
Danny Erne© 679, H arvey Kossner 
663, Curt EMI©!! *4$, iud* Brothers 
6/4, S h e rrie D u n lap 49/. M v r t 
D e ftly 482. io n ic * H artm an 482, 
M ary Laughlin s/s 
(tv rn«*n over 
©OO series, 
IO women over 
SSO series) 

TODAY'S M EN U 
The AJBC Council at Coaches will hold a m eetin g at I JO p m at 
Wonder Bow) 
The Terns Classic 
Bowling Association s District 6 will be in action storting at noon at 
Astro Bowl 
Currently the Sports 
P alace it the team le a d e r, and 
Bruce O eudelin ( l e i ) and Rick 
C larkton (19o) hove the top twu averages 

Once-a-year sale of men's 
HUSH PUPPIES' 

 b o a r d m e e t i n g 
The ban 
A n to n io 
W o m e n t 
Bow ling A ssociation w ill hold a met-hug 
Thursday at the 
Sports 
Palace, 

R e g u la rly 2o.oo. Choose from two Hush Puppies" classics . . . the smooth toe slip-on and the 4- eyelet tie style. Both have soft pigskin suede uppers in tan or grey with the famous cushioned sole that makes them so comfort­ able. Sizes 7-12 medium or 7-12 wide. Men's Shoes, Downtown, 
North Star, Windsor Park and 
Austin Highland Mall. Use your 
Joske's charge card! 

Men's semi-annual famous brand shoe 
SALE! 
19" - 39" 

Regularly 
18.oo-6o.oo. 
Save 
6.o1-2o.o1 on shoes from these famous makers .. . Florsheim, 
Roblee and Pedwm! Many styles in our most popular colors. Not all styles in all sizes and colors, so hurry in first thing tomorrow for the best selection in' your size 
, . . Use your charge card and enjoy big savings! Men's Shoes, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park and Austin. 
JOSKE’S 
A UNIT or ALLIED STOAKS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
Nuggets strike goal at last 

The last tim e the D enver 
Nuggets were a member of the 
National B asketball A sso cia ­ tion, the only thing they led the league in was frustration. 

It w as Hic b as k e tb a ll y e a r of 
1949-5o, and the Nuggets’ 11-51 record m ade them the w orst team in the 
NBA. .Tames Darden was the coach and Ken Sailors the leading scorer v\ith an average of 17.3 points. 
The Nuggets averaged 78 points per game, but allowed 89. Of course, the 
24-second clock was but a twinkle in 
Danpy B iasone’s eye at the tim e. 
Biasone, g en e ra l m a n a g e r of the 
Syracuse Nationals, was the innova­ tor of the shot clock. 
And after only one season in the 
NBA, the D enver N u g g ets, circ a 
1949-5o, dropped out of the league. w More than a quarter of a century 
Inlet*, the Nuggets are back. And this time, they won their lith gam e in their 14th outing of the season. 
, if this Nuggets team is disbanded, if will only be to prevent the deve­ lopment of a monopoly. 
Gping into this weekend's activity. 

 the Nuggets had the NBA s best re­ cord with a m ark of 24-12 for a win­ ning percentage of .6o7. 
Almost equally im pressive is the fact the Nuggets lead the NBA, in­ cluding their 18 league elders, in at­ tendance with an average crowd of 
17.1o8. 
The Philadelphia 76ers, that team with enough money to bankroll se­ veral emerging nations, is next with an attendance average of 16,356. 
While the Portland Trailblazers, the NBA s second-best team with a 
25-13 mark, have sold out nine of 2o home dates, the Nuggets have filled 
McNichols Arena 14 times in 18 home games. Even on the road, the Nug­ gets are a profitable draw for their hosts. 
Nothing like success 
Denver has played to crowds of less than 1o.ooo only three times this sea­ son. and two of those games were at 
Indianapolis and tin* Nassau County 
Coliseum. The Nuggets were no no­ v e l t y item in either place. 

The prime reason for the Nuggets draw in g pow er is th e ir su ccess. 
Although the Nuggets’ organization 

Parting Shots 

By Jeff Grossman 

 does an excellent job of promoting the team , all the free basketballs, headbands and family nights can ’t replace a lot of VVs in the standings for appeal. 
And the most amazing part of the 
Nuggets’ success since Carl Scheer and Larry Brow n took over in 1974 is that only two players have had con­ tinual service with the club over that span. Since Scheer and Brown moved to Denver, the team has won at least til) regular season games a year. 
The only two players to be a part of all of th at w ere Byron Beck and 
Bobby Jones. F atty T aylor, dealt away after the 74-75 season, is back with the club this season. No less than five players have been added since last season’s 6o-24 record in the 

 final year of the ABA. 
“ We’ve m ade a lot of ch a n g es,’’ says Brown, whose team s have a l­ ways used the pressure style of the overplay defense, “ but the people we’ve brought in have been suscepti­ ble to our style.’’ 
Professional basketball players, for the most part, are notorious for working hard on offense and relaxing strongly on defense. The Nuggets are an exception to this rule. 
“ The nice th ing a b o u t th is s y s ­ tem ,’’ says Brown, who, like Moo, uses few set plays, “ is that it disci­ plines a team on defense and gives them freedom on offense.’’ 
Of course, Brown has assembled all the com plem entary parts to a win­ ning team. Forward Bobby Jones and 

 center Dan Issei are Mr. Inside and 
Mr. Outside on offense. Issei is the league’s p rem ier outside shooting pivot m an, av e rag in g 22.3 points. 
Jones leads the league in shooting p ercen tag e (.592). He finds m ore ways to get open inside than Fred 
Biletnikoff. 

Guard David Thompson is fourth in league scoring with a 25.4 average, and will be one of the premier stars for many years as long as he doesn’t land on his head after one of his can­ non shot leaps. 

Forw ard Paul Silas adds saavy, rebounding and defense, while center 
Marvin “ Human E ra s e r ’’ W ebster promises greatness. “ What was the nam e of th a t guy Lou G eh rig r e ­ placed one day when he was hurt?” 
Issei quipped after Webster grabbed 
17 rebounds and scored 17 points as the injured starter watched. 

Ted McClain and Fatty Taylor are the p assers, and Beck and Willie 
Wise provide experience. It is, in sum total, a team which is capable of winning the title in its first season back in the NBA 

J a m e s D arden and Ken Sailors would be proud. 
“ I’m afraid the loss of 
(Bob) 
McAdoo has affected the attitude of the team ,” said Buffalo coach Tates 
Locke afte r the S purs routed the 
Braves, 142-1o9, Monday. “ And we haven’t offset his loss offensively yet, either.” 
Jam es Silas says the reason he wears the rubber knee pad is it gets • his left knee w arm ed up quickly. 
“The only time I know I have it on,” says the Spurs captain, “ is when it starts to slip down my knee.” 
The Denver Nuggets carried a red. white and blue ball with them until the NBA told them to leave it home. 
Spurs Coach Doug Moe, who likes to dress informally, was one coach af­ fected by the league memo dictating all coaches must wear sport jackets on the bench. It is an archaic and needless rule. 
P ortland’s Maurice Lucas claim s tbere’s more emphasis on the inside game in the NBA than the ABA, and that should suit him fine. He was among ABA career leaders in knock­ outs. 

NO. 9 
OUTSIDE WEAVE 
The outside weave is sel­ dom used as an offensive maneuver because the fast switching defenses in the 
NBA nullify it. However.it is used in late game situa­ tions to run down the 24 sec. clock. 
When the weave is used, it is at the top and outside of the key. It is employed by three players. Player (A) dribbles the ball from right to left to player (B) who dribbles the ball from left to right and hands the ball 

 to player (C). Player (C) dribbles the ball from right to left and the sequence starts over again. 
One offensive move that does come off the weave is the give and go. 
The other voice o f the Spurs 

Clip and Save 
Silas questions the Celtic tradition 

B> KEVIN O KEEFFE 
O f THE EXPRESS NEW S S IA O 

Paul Silas never put much stuck in the vaunted Boston 
Celtic* tradition 

‘‘It is really just a myth,” who w as traded from Boston to Denver last Get. 21 “ There is nothing to the belief that putting on a Celtic uniform m akes you a changed man. 
“ What it am ounts to is that Bed 
Auerbach (current Celtic president and g en e ral m a n a g e r and couch throughout the glory years in the late fills and tills when Boston won nine titles iii Kl Nears) has a great system tliat almost anybody can play in. 
“ And you either fit in, or they get rid of you." 
2 NBA tides 
Silas, a 12-year NBA v e te ra n , played with the Celtics tor four sea­ sons. In those four years, the Celts won four Atlantic Division titles and two world championships. 
Ile was an all-star in 1975 and was cited for all-league defensive honors last season. Many people in Boston said Ills acquisition in 1972 was a 
. main reason for the Celtics winning those two world crow us. 
'The people iii Boston are probably som e of the m ost know ledgeable basketball people around,*’ Silas said. "R ed started the whole thing aud Tom m y (C eltics’ Coach Hein- sohn) is keeping it up.” 
Silas, a 6-7, 215-pounder, has no bitterness towards Boston. He said his separation from the Celtic scene was a simple m atter of dollars and cents — anil not enough dollars. 
♦; < 
Player categories 

^B oston puts p la y ers i i i c a te ­ gories,” he explained “ Shooters, re* blunders and players who can bring in crowds. After that, they put a price 
, t||g un you and won’t-go beyond it. 
4*l thought my worth after lour years with the Celtics w as a lot more 
Ilian they felt." 
Silas said he didn t believe a trade yeas im m in e n t. 
He felt that something might have been worked 

 recalled. “ We really had un awesome team . U nfortunately, John (Havli- cek ) got h u rt and we lost in the playoffs. But we were so good that season, we just went out and played. 
“ After that, we had to struggle. We were not that good anymore. But we were still in a must-win situation. If we had lost, the roof would have fal­ len in. It was not really a pleasant atmosphere.” 
Helped reputation 

Silas said his four years in Boston helped Ins basketball reputation. 
"Boston did a lot of good for m e,” he ex p lain ed . " P e o p le sa id m y offensive rebounding changed the gam e. Well, I had been getting of­ fensive rebounds throughout my car­ eer, hut no one noticed until I was with Boston. 
“ You get a lot of exposure because everyone knows the Celtics.” 
Silas was critical of Heinsohn in a magazine interview last fall. 
*.‘1 said those things,” Silas Muted, referring to the article, which was slightly less than complimentary to the Celtic coach. “ But I said those things to Tommy's face, too. I felt he had a lot of growing to do as a coach. 
“ He (Heinsohn) is a great human being. But he was sort of like a Dr. 
Jekyll aud Mr. Hyde on the bench. 
However, he was under a great deal of pressure.” 
Struggling 

 pu( with Boston 
I really thought fur awhile that I would come to term s with the Cel* 
■ ties,” he said. “ My attorney (Larry 
Fleischer) and I met with Irv Levin 
.(vbuirman of the hoard of the Celtics) and Irv stated that the Celtics had made their final offer. 
# 
"We were far apart on money, and 
Larry and I felt it was an invalid contract. So. I could go to arbitration arid become a free agent, or go back to Boston and play out my option, taking a chance on the open market next season. Instead, I was traded.” bHas also dismisses the so-called family situation with the Celtics. 
•"it is a hard, cold business,” he 
»said “ And Boston stresses winning at any cost. And that docs not make 

PAUL SILAS 

 for a family atm osphere. It really was not a totally happy situation — it was a pressurized situation. 
" L a s t y ea r in the NUA finals against Phoenix, everybody expected us lo win. It would have been an em barrassment to lose. We wanted to win, bul it was more like we did not want to lose.” 
He said things were nut that way iii his first Celtic season. 
“ We were 68-14 that y ear,” Silas 

S ilas a d m itte d he has been struggling thus far in Denver. 
“ It has been difficult for mc to fit in,” he said. "I cam e in late and missed camp and the exhibition sea­ son Even though the Nuggets play a sim ilar style to Boston, they fre e­ lance muc h more. 
“ But the guys here are really great and are pulling for me. I am begin­ ning to feel comfortable. We have a very good team and potentially a great one. We will have to make cer­ tain ad justm ents. We are settling down now. 
“ Larry Brown is a fine coach and tins is a good organization It is a much more pleasant atmosphere for basketball.” 

To patrons in the Convention 
Center Arena, Pat Tallman is that voice in tr o d u c in g the starting lineups and informing all of fouls, substitutions and the like. 

"M y little fo u r-y ea r-o ld Arnee thinks I am up in the speakers,’ Pat laughs. 
Really, the eurly-haired KKYX disc jockey is at courtside, getting as in­ volved in the gam e as the players. 
“ I think I get just as wound up as they do,” Pat said. “ But I love it. 
Heck, I have got the best seat in the house. If I weren't the public address announcer, I would lie al every game anyway." 
S.A. native 
Pat, a native of San Antonio who has been in the radio business since hi* was 16, has been the PA man for the Spurs since the team arrived four y ears ago. 
•“ I had done PA work for Trinity basketball back during the scholar­ ship days," he reported. “ I also did the PA when the Houston Rockets played some gam es here before the 
Spurs came. 
“Jack Ankerson, who was the Spur general manager in the first season, called me and asked me do it. They 
(the Spurs) have been very good to me. I have really enjoyed it.” 
No m atter how muc h Pat en joys the work, there are times when the job becomes a hassle. You see, P a t’s day starts at 4:3o a.in. 
Hard to. unwind 
“ It can be heck so m etim es,” he smiled. “ Like the other night after the Denver gam e, I d id n ’t unwind until after midnight. So. it does make for a long day. 
“ But then there have been some games that were so dull it was easy to go straight to sleep afterw ards.” 
Pat said he has never had a run-in with a referee — in pro ball, that is. 
“ I did get a technical at Trinity once,” Pat rem em bered. "T h e ref said I was making faces when I an­ nounced a call and he told me if I m ade an o th er one, I would get a technical. I told him that would be the first right call he had made all night. 
“ Oh, I did get a memo from the 
ABA league office once. I was intro­ ducing certain refs as num ber ll) in your p ro g ra m but n u m b e r one in your heart. So, the memo said just to play it straight. 
"An official thanked m e once for helping out, though. It was during the first season here Silas fell down and was obviously hurt, but play contin­ ued. Well, the rule states that time cannot lie ca lle d until the ball changes hands. The crowd was going vc lid. hut I explained tin* rule, c alm ­ ing them a little. The ref bought me a bottle of bourbon for that.” 
Brown incident 

Last year. Pat was involved in an incident with Denver Coach Larry 
Brown. Following the gam e, Pat an­ nounced that 65 fouls had been called by the officials. Unfortunately, one of the refs was shoved as he left the court. 

At home with the 

 by Kevin O'Keeffe 

PAT TALLMAN alw ays the best seat in the house 

“ Brown claimed the violence, the fail reaction was my fault,” Pat said. 
“ No way was that fair on Brown’s part. My responsibility is to inform the crowd, especially of something out of the ordinary like 6o some fouls in a gam e.” 
Tallman, who is not shy about ex­ p ressin g his opinion, said he has never had any problems with players 
— sort of. 
“ When the Houston Rockets were here a few years ago. I rem em ber a game against Philadelphia,” he said. 
“That was the PhiUy team that lost 
73 games in a season. Well, the 76ers had a 2o-game losing streak coming into this particular game. 
“ The Rockets weren’t much then either and it was really a lousy game. 
Nothing was happening except that 
Rudy Tom janovich (Houston) was grabbing a lot of rebounds. So, I an­ nounced it each time he got one. 
“ Dale S ch lu eter, who was with 
Philadelphia then, came over during a timeout and told me it was bush to call rebounds. I told Schlueter that nothing else was going on and if I were him and my team had lost 2U in a row, I would be in the huddle, fi­ guring out how to win. He started to come over the tame, but a couple of people cam e and he went back. He has had nine fights in pro ball and lost IO. 
“ Issei (Dan of Denver) thinks I talk during his free throws. He is touchy.” 
Do you talk during free throws? 
“ I try not to when we are shooting them ,” Put .said with a psucdo-sinis* ter laugh. 
Put said when the Spurs first came to town he had a lot of technical ex­ plaining to do, since many patrons 
Spur fan of week 

For Frank M endota, a trip to the S p u rs ’ g am e is alw ays an evening out with friends 
I* rank, and two com panions, have season tickets together iii 
Th.* Arena 
“ I have had these tickets for the past two years,” he said “ George 
(Sefcik) got me started coming to these games. 
"A n d I c a n 't beat it. W ith 

 i »3 j i 

George here. I have police protec­ tion. Sefcik is a detective.” 
Frank, a city employe with the public works department, says the games are always enjoyable. 
“ I ani athletically inclined,” he said. "So basketball has always 

 interested m e.” 
The Spurs’ sluggish start iii the 
NBA didn t worry Frank. • 
“ Sure, they started slowly, but they have good players,” he said 
“And they have been doing a lot of hustling lately. 
"Now with Si ( J a m e s S ilas) back, e v e ry th in g will be fine, 
(M ack) Calvin has also done a good job since joining the team .” 
FRANK MENDIOLA 

 w ere not totally fam iliar with th game. 
“ I read the rule book often.” h said. " I have done less explainin: this year,except for a few rules tha are new in the NBA. Like the no junr ball after the first q uarter, for in stance. 
“ I believe my basic responsibilit is to keep people aware of what I going on.” 
Pat also recognizes that he, indeec could stir up a crowd 
“ I could get a crowd out of con trol," he admitted. “ That’s why I d not need to say th in g s at c e rta i times. There have been a num ber ti times I have had to bite my tongu because I ani a gam e official. How ever, I am also a fan. 
Voice inflection 
“There are times my voice inflei turn implies that I urn questioning call. Yes, I have done it in the past but I cannot say it was a conseiou effort 
My reactions are quick an often I don’t believe what I see. 
“ I feel as though I need to push th hom e team thing. Like th e othe night when (Jam es) Silas came bael 
I let the c rowd keep cheering. I eoul have introduced the next guy becaus 
I knew Si was a little uneasy, but wanted the crowd to have a chance t welcome him back like that." 
Tallman’s most em barrassing nu mein — announcing a women’s ba: ketball gam e between Russia and th 
United States. 
“ I must have mispronounced ever 
Russian girl’s nam e," he said. “ IS one in the crowd knew, but all th 
Russians were laughing. 
“Then, there is nothing worse tha introducing all the players and th coach and there is still somebod sitting on the bench.” 
Memorable moments 
P at has no one m e m o rab l moment, 
“ First, I guess would have to be th initial NBA g am e here again; 
Phoenix,” he said. "T hen,the figl with the Nets in last year’s playoff 
The sellout crowds have been greu 
It is terrific when the fans are real excited 
“ The Bowens incident when Dai went into the crowd after that guy the second home gam e this year, really believe that kind of thing was sign that Dave was ready to get on 
(Cowens left the Celtics early th season, taking a leave of absconce) 

THERE IS A 
BETTER W A Y !! 

FASCO'S unique 
REGISTER makes information concerning your talent and experience available to al! of the leading companies in America. Send today for REGISTER FORMS. 
FASCO 
Post Office Box 546 
New Iberia, louisiana 
7o56o 

Jo fight 

Gerardo Heredia fights 
Gabby Cantera on the 
Jan. 18 boxing card. 
Heredia has won ll of 
14 fights, IO by knock­ outs. He weighs 122 pounds and hails from 
Monterrey, Mexico. 

1o-rounder to help spice ring title card 

Another 1o-r ound bout has been added to the .fan. IS boxing card which will feature a North American Boxing 
Federation championship fight in the main event. 
Gilbert “ Machete” Galvan, 134. of San Antonio will face 
Basilio Guajardo, 135, of Monterrey in the 1o-round preliminary announced Saturday by Promoter Tony 
Padilla. 
The NABF Super Bantamweight title bout, a 12-rounder, matches undefeated Mike Ayala, 14-o, of San Antonio against veteran Cesar Deciga of Monterrey. 
Earlier Padilla announced a 1o-rounder between Gabby 
Cantera, 12 of S A. and Gerardo Heredia. 122, of 
Monterrey. 

Padilla said he will add one more bout, a six-rounder, to the card soon. 
Tickets are priced at $4, $ 6 and $7 and go on sale at the 
Gunter Hotel lobby at 9:3o a m. Monday. Tickets will remain on sale at the Gunter from 9:3o a.m. until 7:3o p.m. daily. 

Ducats are also available ut the Atlas Bar, IOO N. 
Medina. 
Winner of the Ayala-Deciga title fight will be required by the NABF to defend the title within OO days. 

THEY’RE 
HERE 
NOW ! 

COMMUNICATION 
ETC., THE LEADER 
IN CB SALES, SERVICE 
& INSTALLATIONS 

ANNOUNCES THE 
ARRIVAL OF OUR NEW 

THE MOST COMPLETE SELECTION IN TOWN! 

CB INSTALLATION SPECIAL! 
We’ll install that CB you got for Christmas 
(no matter where you got it!) 
• CB A A N T EN N A 
® AN TEN N A 
M O U N T IN G 
TU N IN G 
• SW R CHECK 
• ALL W IR ES HIDDEN 

QUICK SERVICE— 
N O APPOINTMENT 
NEEDED 

• BASE STATION 
INSTALLATION BY 
TRAINED, BONDED 
INSTALLERS 

NOItTHSlDE 
83o1 SPEEDW AY 
349 -4 4 6 S 
5318 SAN PEDRO 
824-91o3 

• BUY A 23-CHANNEL 
CB N O W AT LOW ER 
THAN EVER PRICES 

B 
S 

U N IV ERSA L CITY 
1221 PAT BOOKER 
658-6883 

SOU THSIDE 
1437 S.W . MILITARY DR. 
922-2726 
712o MILITARY DR. WEST 
673-8o81 
Communications,Etc. 

Michigan outlasts 
Badgers 

ANN 
A R BO R , 
Mich 
(A P ) — Rickey Green scored 22 points, 13 in the final eight minutes when 
Michigan had to come from behind, as the fifth-ranked 
Wolverines took a 66-63 Big 
Ten basketball victory' Sa­ turday over Wisconsin. 

Both teams were embar­ rassingly cold from the floor in the first half, when 
Wisconsin didn’t get a field goal until I P /2 minutes into the game. But the game picked up excitement in the second half, even though the cold shooting contin­ ued, and it was nip and tuck the final 2 o minutes. 

Michigan Led 27-22 at halftime, but the Badgers battled back quickly, most­ ly on the shooting of .lames 
Gregory, to lead by as many as six points seven minutes into the second half. 

Michigan, which raised its conference record to 2 - o and its over-all mark to 9-1, got a couple of key buckets from John Robinson and 
Phil Hubbard before Green started to find the mark. 

Hubbard Avound up with 
16 points and Robinson ll. while Gregory topped all scorers with 24 points and 
Bob Falk added ll for Wis­ consin, now o - 2 in the con­ ference and 4-6 over-all. 

EVERYTHING UNDY* THC SUN PRIOLO LOWER 
TIRE SALE! 
LOBE 
DUNLOP GLASS BELTED 
DISCOUNT CITY 
2 POLYESTER C O RD S plus 
2 FIREGLASS BELTS 
7112 V NAN PERRO WE & 
WBS. \L. MILITARY DR. 
U.'l Oath/</-<» N4I./I lo-ed NUnd.i" 
I, IS STATION HOI HS 7-1o ll X II)-si N IIM * 
88 
A N Y SIZE 
LISTED: 

HO 
MO un ne ui ail: nee tax trill i.rs i n it J oi 
• i t l l 
I U 
o7* 14 2 17 
( r a i l 
2 o1 
171-14 
7 27 
171 It 
I U 
771 14 
2.41 

A N Y 
SIZE ax! ucim LIST ED * 
o74 14 
2 4o 

Mobil 

 r n 

ADD MILES OF WEAR! 
WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT! iiiouEfmim 
SIT (AMBO, 
_ 
A _ 
(ASUR SIO! 
" 7 
8 
8 
SHIMS*LABOR 
INCLUDED 
B 
,,,,, ii 

WHITES PLUS 

8 8 ^ ^ ONLY 3 oo EACH! 

Extra Savings on Pirelli 
Motorcycle Tires! 
2o% OFF OUR REGULAR 
LOW PRICE ON AN Y SIZE 
IN STOCK! 

DUNLOP 4 FULL PLY* 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

W I* 
26*8 w !4 
2 IV 

27 

o7* 14 
o7* Ii 
( I Mr* 14 
Hr* is 

 i i i 
I V* 
171 
7*o 

# 1 1 *1 47*-11 
174 
Z I 
M i l l 
K l 
OO ex " I ” ,w 
LL too IS 
I J J 
O H I 
I M 
23” oil! £ 33u *i*,i s. 
17* 14 
7 21 
O I IS 
J M 
W HI TI IM A L L I PLUS 
O NLY I OO (ACH! 
(NSI t i l . I ION IM O U M OI " W M IIX M K I 
■M, i , M , i ... im w N riw . l i t n . X w i i I m u i m i 

SH O CK ABSO RBERS! 
A Shock for ivory Noedl 

8 

PREM IUM 

Q o 
HEAVY DUTY 
Q O 
*4w.l ivlMMHSHf I* IM tun 
4rti«n UnX,' (hengmf Im 
F A C H ptiatoxi Urn ta la mail * $ ten I yuk OD' 
VftXM k I >oi in-poi Ie J con too 

31 

41 

L E V E L L E R S 
8 8 Fe eg*«iiivt tiff !***«*§ iNfl 

A PAIR 

>.a* nwr a«a aaai <»*to» 
«»a willy ta yen' "H to 
Inn! ai 'aa* 

% . AIR ADJUSTABLE 
8 8 
SHOCK v a b s o r b e r s 

A PAIR 
^ 
MN with »iMhj&# rn** 
Expert In sta lla tio n it Avoilobte 

GLOBAL SATURN BATTERY! 
48 MONTH LIMITED W ARRANTY! 
H ZO W H O NEEDS IT?* 
2988 

U te*: 24-227 241, plot •■cheese. 

Installation* 
Included! 

FRIE replacement within 9o do/l of purchase if battery prove* defective. 
After 9o day*, we replace battery if defective & charge only for period of ownerthip, Based an regular yelling price af time of return, pro rated on number of month* wan armed. 
FREE INSPECTION Of ALTERNATORS ft REGULATORS AT NO 
OBLIGATION. 

* The 
GLOBAL 
SATURN Battery i* like A CAMEL ... you ll merit likely 

 never need to add water to thi* bot tery ogam. 
The 
Battery of Tomor­ row here Today I 

DISC & DRUM 
BRAKE PACKAGE! 

For Mo&t U S Car* & light Truck* with Front Due & Rear Drum 
Broke* e Install N EW Front Di*c Pod*, 
Rear lining*, 
Grea*e 
Seal*, 
Front 
Brake 
Hardware, 
Rear 
Return Spring*. 
• Rebuild Front Caliper* & Rear 
W heel Cylinder* & Torn Front 
Disc Rotor* & Rear Drum*. e Pock Front Bearing* & Bleed 
Hydraulic System 
• Ad|u*t Parking Brake* ft Inspect 
Matter 
Cylinder— Rood 
Te»t 
Car for Safety 

 iou' took* Syytom wilt 
•<Hp*U#d — ii audit mr .al 
«to»k Of p o m am needed. 
CK- I tic i.toimvcl Uc. Ic,tv 
MOI* to tau IN A C T IO N 
NO O ftU G A IIO N I 

Ivey wants to play 

Bv HARRY PAGE 
OF THI EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

Danny 
Ivey just wants to play basket­ ball. 
That’s why the former 
Catholic 
Schoolboy All-Ameri­ can transferred to 
Trinity from Texas 
Tech. 
“ I thought I should have been playing more at Texas 
Tech,” said the 6-7 sopho­ more. “ I really felt that I had deserved it. He (tech 
Coach Gerai Myers) didn’t think so, and he’s the man up there in Lubbock. 
“ I came to 
Trinity because I didn t want to sit out a year. All I want to do is play basketball and get a good education." 
The All-City star from 
Central Catholic had an average slightly over four points a game in nine games the first semester at 
Texas Tech. 
“ The tactics we were playing weren’t going to last long at Tech,” Ivey noted. "Myers wanted to do like we did when we had 
(Rick) 
Bullock. 
But, 
Tech didn’t have Bullock, and, I felt, those slowdown and control tactics should have been changed this year. 
2o minutes 
“ Myers was only playing me about 2 o minutes in each game. When we start­ ed losing and coach wouldn’t change our style of play, I begin thinking about things. 
" I realized that I wasn’t really having fun playing anymore, so I decided to come to Trinity," Ivey said. 
Ivey will Vie the Tigers’ starting center when Trini­ ty meets St. Edward’s in 
Austin Tuesday night. The transfer rule does not apply in the Texas Intercollegiate 
Athletic Association. 
“ I don’t like losing," Ivey 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— 
Sunday January 9 I 977 

89 
88! 

DANNY IV EY 
. . . ready to go 

 said bluntly. " I ’m loo’king to play and win. I’m hoping to do my best to try and help Trinity win." 
Raves 
Ivey has already drawn some raves from his team­ mates, who hope that the gentle giant will help Trin­ ity rebound from a 1-7 start. 
"lf you can jump as high as Danny can, you can play on this team,” said forward 
Jeff Spillane. 
"He’s a great player and very unselfish,” Ken Jar- zombek added. 
Help 
"He will definitely help us. He’s just the thing we’ve needed,” Bob Iloe- beke noted. “ With him in the middle, we’re going to be tough." 
“ Ivey is an outstanding athletic,” said guard 
Danny Murphy. 
“ Ivey can play on my team any tim e,” Trinity 
Coach Pete Murphy said happily. “ He’s one fine young man and a good bas­ ketball player." 
Apparently, Ivey is the answer to Trinity’s woes. 
“ I love playing basketball,” Ivey said. “ As 
I ’ve mentioned though, the basic thing is the educa­ tion. 
“ My folks wanted me to stay at Tech, but I wanted to play bull. I don’t think things will he like they were at Texas Tech here at 
Trinity." 

P o g o 9-S 

Kentucky holds 
Vanderbilt surge 

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (A P) — Rick Robey scored on a layup with eight seconds remaining to give third-rankod 
Kentucky a 64-62 Southeastern Conference basketball victory over Vanderbilt Saturday. 
Kentucky had held the ball for one shot after Vanderbilt tied the game 62-62 with 1:o8 remaining. The Wildcats called time out with 28 seconds left and then set up the play which resulted in Robey getting the basket after a pass from guard Larry Johnson. 
Kentucky led throughout the first half by as much as ll points and held a seven-point lead, 39-32, at halftime. 
Ben Bolt paces B all-staters 

SPtCIAl IO IME EXPRESS NEWS 
FORT WORTH — State finalist Ben Bolt headed the 
Class B All-State football team announced Sunday by the 
Texas Sportswriters Association 
The Badgers placed five men on the first team, three on offense and two on defense. State champion 
Gorman placed three players on the first team offense and Groom, which lost to Gorman on in the semifinals, had four players on defense 

W. Forest shades 
Maryland 

C O LLEG E PA RK . Md. 
(A P) — Skip Brown sank a free throw with three se­ conds remaining in over­ time. giving lOth-ranked 
Hake Forest an 86-83 At­ lantic Coast Conference basketball victory over lath-ranked 
Maryland 
Saturday. 

Brown, who scored 22 points, hit a jumper with two seconds left in regula­ tion time for an 81-79 Wake 
Forest lead. But Maryland called time, and Brian Ma- gid popped in a 3o-footer to send the game into over­ time. 

The Deumon Deaeons, now- U-l including 2-o in the 
ACC, scored their first vic­ tory at Maryland since 19o9 after blowing a 1o-point halftime lead. 

Maryland. 1o-2 after its 
1o-game winning streak was snapped, rallied be­ hind Steve Sheppard and 
Bill Bryant to take a 52-48 lead with a 19-5 streak at the start of the second half, 

Wake Forest regained the lead for the first time with three minutes left, at 74-72, on two free throws by 
Frank Johnson. Rod Griffin added another and Brown two more for a 77-72 advantage with 1:35 left. 

Two free throws by Brant and a field goal by Shep­ pard pulled Maryland to within 77-76. Following a field goal by Larry Har­ rison of Wake, a three-point play by Brad Davis tied the game with 37 seconds remaining. 

Runge, the only other 
South Texas team repre- sented on the team, placed one player on the lu st team offense and one on defense, and a third player on the second team offense 

Porter fuels 
T IX ' 
By ( U FFO R D BRO YLES 
OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STA7F 
There may have been better basketball players at Texas Luth­ eran, but none have been more productive than Steve Porter. 

“ He plays with every ounce of ability that God gave him,” says TLC Coach 
Jim Shuler. “ It’s a lot of fun to coach a player like 
Steve.” 
Shuler openly admits that, talent wise, he’s had better basketball players than the slender 6 - 8 senior from Sioux Falls, S I). 
Classroom 
None have been more productive on the court and few, if any, in the class­ room. 
With nearly a half season to go in his career, Porter is the No. I career scorer and rebounder at TLC. 
Hi* has also been named to the Dean’s List each of his seven semesters and is a member of Phi Alpha 
Theta, an international honor society for history majors. 
After he graduates on time in May Porter’s plans are undecided. He’s already taken the standard en­ trance exams from graduate school and Law school, hut he can turn to coaching if all else proves unsatisfactory. 
“ Steve has worked so hard for what he has achieved,’’ said Shuler 
“ I ’ve had players with more talent, but lie’s gotten the most out of his." 
St. Mary’s 
Porter and the Bulldogs open Big State Conference play Monday night against the league’s monopoly, St. 
Mary’s. 
The Bulldogs have fin­ ished second to St. Mary’s in the league standings each of Porter’s first three years. 
"Each games in confer­ ence means the same," lie said, “ But I guess this will be a little bigger if we can knock off St. Mary’s since they’ve been the team to beat." 
Porter is averaging 17 points a game and hitting close to 6o per cent from th* field, but he is not satisfied with TLC’s 8*7 record. 
Lost 4 of 6 
The Bulldogs have lost four of the last six games 
“ I ve started better than 
I usually do,” he said. “ But all the honors don’t mean as much if the team doesn t do as well.” 
Porter doesn’t know what is ailing the TLC team. 
“ We can’t seem to get it together,” he said. “ We’ve worked harder in practice this week. I hope we can put it together, but there is something missing. I don’t know' what it is.” 
Four years ago Porter 
“ took a little vacation” and visited the TLC campus with a high school class mate Wayne . Sent nile r 
Semtnler had two brothers 
Dwayne and Roger, who played basketball at TLC. 
“ We went to the gym to do a little shooting and coach Shuler saw me prat’ tieing,” recalled Porter. 
Shuler obviously liked what he saw and from the looks of the past four years his vision was 2 o -21). 
Gale lop driver 

C L A S S B 
A L L S T A T E T E A M 
F ir * ! t r a m 
■ O F F E N S E 
T igbl end. Jim m y 
W eaver, Italy, S I I , 1/S, sr 
Split end, B en n y B a r r e r a . B e n Bolt, S IO, 
ISO. * r 
T a i'M ts , Jim V erd e n , 
W h e e le r. 6 J, 24o, s r ,; C h u t* 
Troutm an, G orm an, o J, JJS , sr, 
Guard*, Greg Mousey. Booker. S l l , 
241, sr , 
Noel G a rc ia , B e n Bolt, 4 o, 
17o. »r 
C enter, Doug W a rre n , 
Gorman, 6 I, JJS. *r 
Q u arte rb ack , 
D avid H ack n e y, R ung e, 4 2, 7o2, »r 
Running bocks. Rod loyynstnd, 
Rochester', S ll, IOO, sr 
Ju a n 
B e rn a l B en Bolt. J / , 14',. sr bury 
B u rg e **, G o rm a n , S O. IOO, sr 
Kicker, Tony Che*nul, Chico, S I I , 
ISS, *r 

D E F E N S E t n o *, 
I 
Weller, Groom, SO, ISS, * 
Vonto, Runge, OO, IOO, *r tor linem en. Ja y W itt. gr< am 

 h a rd lo c k 
Inter 
o J. 
26o. sr , 
M ike G a rcia, Ben Bott, 
S II, US, sr ; 
Je rry Nudger**, Ro­ chester, 6 I, 23S. *r. Linebacker*, 
M anual Am ado et. B e n Bolt. OO, U S. soph,; Chn* Britten, Groom, S SO, 
IoS, sr.; Mork Wood. A d e ll, S IO, 
1/o. sr 
De7#n*ive bock*, Thorne* 
Reed, Groom, 5-11. 16o, or . O oh 
B rown, W h e e le r, 6 o, I*/, sr , 
David Hackney, Runge, 4-2. 2o2, »r. 

Second Team 
O F F E N S E 
Tight end. Randy 
Patton, Volley Mills. Split end, Bill 
H offm an , W in d th o rs t. T a c k le s , 
Jam es Graves. Sudan, 
I ack Yow­ ie. R U N G E , 4 o, 1*o, SH 
G U A RD S. 
M A RK Wood, Axtell, Carroll Ward, 
Union Hill 
Center, Jim B u lla rd , 
Rochester. 6 J, JSC Q uarterback. 
Mel M a d le id . G o rm an 
Running bock*, Chn* Britten, Groan'. Phil 
W hite, L e f- o rv ; M ack ay Ellio tt, 
Rising Star. Kicker, Hobby I nun.us, 
Mildred 

D E F E N S E . 
En d s, Hobby Moi lin g s w o rth , 
R o c h e s te r; 
J a r * 
Ja ck so n , G o rm an 
T ackles, Jim 
Verden, W heeler; G reg M ousey, 
Booker, Lonme W illiam *, Sudan. 
Linebacker*, Dwayne Palm er, Aion 
M o lla n d s w o rtli, F o r s a n ; M a r k 
Breiger. Wilson 
D e fe n sive tracks, 
Mike Windham, La/buddie, Rusty 
Hand. 
Chico. 
Mel 
Mayfield. 
Cor mon. 

GREAT 

VALUES 

FROM 
BARRY 

MFG. CO. 

CHARLOTTE, N P. (A P) 
— Calc Yarborough, who captured his first NASCAR 
Winston Cup championship 

 i i i 1976, lia s been voted driver of the year by Na­ tional Motorsporls Press 
Association 

Yarborough, who edged 
David Pearson iii the vot­ ing, will receive the award 
Monday night at the annual 
NM PA awards banquet in 
Charlotte. 

It was also announced 
Saturday that 
Robert 
"Junior” Johnson, former driver who manages 
Yarborough’s Grand Na­ tional stock car racing team, will receive the 1976 
Myers Brothers Award. It is awarded annually by 
NMP A and memorializes stock car drivers Bobby and Billy Myers, both of whom died during races 
The award is given to the individual or organization winch contributes most to the sport during the pre­ ceding year. 

Yarborough won a record 
$362,173 in the Johnson- buitt Chevrolet as lie cap­ tured nine Winston Cup events and finished second in another six races. It was his greatest year of a co­ lorful career. 

VESTED 
SUITS 

1oo% 
POLYESTER 
AND WOOL 
BLEND 
STRIPES 
PLAIDS 
CORDUROY 
THOUSANDS 
TO CHOOSE 
FROM 
ALL SIZES 
MADE TO RETAIL 
AT $11o.oo 
FACTORY PRICED 
TO YOU 
FROM 
*59^* 

TUXEDOS 
MADE TO RETAIL 
AT Si 1o.oo 
I 

FACTORY 

DIRECT 
+ mm 
TO YOU 
S 
C 
o 
9 
5 

ONIY 
* 5 9 

BLAZERS 
MADE TO RETAIL 
AT $55.oo 

FACTORY 

DIRECT 

TO YOU 

FROM 
*31 

1oo% POLYESTER 
SLACKS 

95 

TREMENDOUS SELECTION 
MADE TO RETAIL 
AT $22.oo 

FACTORY 
. rn n e 
DIRECT TO 
> I I 9 5 

YOU FROM 
$ 
• 

FASHION JEANS 
MADE TO RETAIL 
AT $23.oo 

FACTORY 

DIRECT TO 

YOU 

FROM 
13 
95 

FASHION SHIRTS 
LONG I SHORT SLEEVES 
MADE TO RETAIL AT 
$16.oo 
FACTORY 

DIRECT TO 

YOU 
> M “ * 

FROM 
$ 7 

EXPERT ALTERATIONS 
AVAILABLE 
OPEN TO TMI PUBLIC 

BARRY 

MANUFACTURING 

 c o ’% 
53o6 JACKWOOD DRIVE 
NEAR LOOP 41o AND 
BANDERA RD. 
HOURS TUES., WED., FRI. 
1o-7 P.M. 
MON. A THURS., ’til 9; 
SAT. 9 til 6 lf You Can t Find Us 
CALL US 
684-795o 

Bv BAN KLEPPER 
OUTDOOR EDITOR 
South Texas rancher 
Philip Koehne is look­ ing for the man with the buffalo leash. He’s also looking for some of his “ domesticated’’ buffaloes. 

Koehne will hold a buffa­ lo hunt on his ranch iii the 
B ru s h -Country later this year, and a column about the event prompted a letter to the editor from a fellow who wants to save these 
“ noble.;proud beasts.” 
I am#not sure how much experience the letter writer has had with buffalo, but he makes'noises like an ex­ pert . 
- 
Speaking of the 1977 ver­ sion of the bison which once roamed the unfenced, un­ plowed plains of this country, the letter writer said: 
. 
“ Th^se buffalo are do­ mesticated in the same way a Hereford. Angus or other range cattle are domesti­ cated / The buffalo are placed fin a ranch, led from pasture to pasture to assure proper grazing . . . " 
’ 
Help 
Koelfne, somewhat amused by the statement, walked!into this office the other day and said he needs some Help from someone who can lead a buffalo ar­ ound on a leash. 
Five of the 12 bulls he in­ tended! to sell to hunters jumped fence and were last seen an ii neighboring pasture, and it isn’t going to be (Jasv to get tho ani­ mals back where they be­ 

" The buffalo may be somewhat used to the presence o f man, but it is a wild animal in every sense of the word. Its docility is one o f s e lf con- faience." 

 long. 
The reason is sim ple: 
Where a man thinks a buf­ falo belongs and where a buffalo thinks it belongs often are two different places. 
I ’m sure you’ve heard the old joke about a bear sleeping anyw here it wants to in the woods. In reality, that isn’t much of a joke. 
It’s the truth. 
The same can be said of a buffalo bull. It generally goes where it chooses. B a r­ ely does one respect man’s puny fences, lf it cannot go over, it goes through. 
Wild 
Boger .Johnson of O kla­ homa, a man who has had considerable experience with the buffalo, isn’t too enthused about anyone calling the bison “ domesti­ cated.” 
.Johnson is manager of the Wichita Mountains Na­ tional W ild life Refuge, a 
59,o2o-acre tract of land where the governm ent maintains herds of buffalo, longhorn cattle and elk. 
“ Although some people seem to think of the bison as a semidomesticated ani­ mal, believe me, it isn’t,” says .Johnson “ The buffalo may be somewhat used to the presence of man, but it is a wild animal in every sense of the word." 
A buffalo bull “ wakes up in a new world every morn­ 

 ing.” he adds. “ The animal appears to be docile, but its docility is one of self-confi­ dence.” 
Sales 
The refuge sells surplus buffaloes and longhorns on the hoof. The government keeps a sustained herd of 
HOO bison on the refuge. All excess animals go on the sale block 
“ They are rounded up on horses at some risk to the cowboys,” .Johnson said. 
Excess buffaloes arc bought by private in d ivi­ duals and become the pro­ perty of private in d ivi­ duals. They may dispose of them as they see fit 
They can knock them in the head with a sledge hammer and make a ton of buffalo burgers, they can shoot them and hang the head on the wall and put a hide rug on the floor, or they can m aintain their own herds of live animals. 
There’s no shortage of bison in the U.S. .Johnson says there are 5o to HO thousand buffaloes in pri­ vate herds around the country today. 
Elk 
The buffalo auction at the refuge is held each No­ vember. Last fall the go­ vernment sold 74 head for a total of $.37,o8o, an average of $5o1.o8. Top price was 
$1,ooo for a 5V»*year-old bull 

The longhorn sale is held in September. A total of 1o9 longhorns went on the auc­ tion block and brought 
$56,86o, an average of 
$52o.41. Top price was 
$2,1oo for a heifer calf. 
Surplus elk on the refuge are not sold on the hoof at auction. The refuge holds a public hunt to reduce the elk herd when needed. 
Butcher 
Prior to the public hunt, refuge personnel slaught­ ered and butchered surplus elk and buffalo and sold the meat to the public. 
The refuge no longer has a butcher program. It was too expensive for the re­ turn, .Johnson points out. 
The government is making more money selling live anim als than it could selling dead ones. 
And that is precisely why 
Koehne intends to sell his surplus buffalo bulls to hunters (or. “ shooters.” if you p refer) rather than 
' send them to the slaughter house or sell them live to an individual who wants to start his own herd. He can get more for them by hunt­ ing them. 
Iii the m eantim e, he maintains his herd of cows and calves with a sufficient number of breeding bulls. 
The letter writer thought it “ unfortunate” that I would w rite about “ this genocide.” 
Genocide is defined as the deliberate and syste­ matic destruction of a ra cial, political or cultural group. 
Anyone who considers the cropping of surplus ani tnals genocide has lost touch with reality. eason success 

'Iced in’ 

This ice-coated duck decoy just about tells the story of the 1976-77 hunting season for Tex­ ans. Mud, rain, cold and ice hampered deer hunters throughout the season and have con­ tinued to confound gunners after doves, quail and waterfowl. The winter mourning dove sea­ 

 son, which opened Jan. I, will end Jan. 16. In many counties in South Texas the quail season won’t wind up until Jan. 3o. Quail hunting will continue through Feb. I 3 in many regions of the state. Duck and goose shooting will draw to a close Jan. 23. p h o t o b y d a n k ie p p e r 

Roger Lopez of Floresville got his limit of two good bucks in LaSalle County late in December. 
The eight-pointer had a 22'/4-inch spread; the 
1o-pointer a 22W inch spread. One weighed 
I 44, the other 121. 

Johnny Lubbock of San Antonio killed this 
I 3-point buck in the Hill Country late in the season. 
The buck had a 
22W inch spread between the freak points on each main beam. 

Charles Hoge of Corpus Christi got this trophy buck Dec. 24 in Kleberg County. It had 16 points and a 22-inch spread. 

Antelope kiU up 

A U ST IN — More ante­ lope buck permits were is­ sued and the overall har­ vest of pronghorns in­ creased during the 1976 hunting season in Texas. 
Antelope were hunted in the Trans-Pecos, Permian 
Basin and Panhandle. A total of HS3 buck antelope was harvested. This was an increase of 111 over the 1975 harvest. 
The six-county Trans-Pe­ cos region of West Texas led iii total harvest — 328 bucks 

“ In 1975, the antelope harvest was low ,” said 
Charles Winkler, big game program director for the state. “ I think the 1976 harvest increase can be seen as a natural upswing following a poor harvest." 

W in k ler said the in ­ creased harvest should not be attributed to an increase in the overall population. 

“ As a m atter ot fact, there was only a two per cent increase in the 
Trans-Pecos herd, not much of a change in the 
Permian Basin herd, and a decrease in the Panhandle herd,” Winkler said. 

Some 48(1 more permits were issued during the 1976 season than the preceding year. 

Cats kill sheep, force transplant 

A U ST IN — A 6oo-acre pasture on private property in the Sierra Vieja moun­ tain range in West Texas w ill be used to hold bighorn sheep broodstoek. 
An agreement between the Texas Parks and W ild­ life Department and the 
Chilicote Division of the 
King Ranch calls for the transplanting of eight bighorn sheep, four ewes and four lambs, to the Pre­ sidio County ranch 
Ranch personnel will put up an eight-foot fence, maintain the facility and provide water and supple­ mental feed if necessary. 
P&W D personnel at the 
Black Gap W ildlife Man­ agement Area, where the departm ent’s broodstoek facility is now located, have encountered problems with predators, notably mountain lions and bob­ cats. 
Some 15 sheep, including the last three years’ lamb crop, have been lost to pre­ dation. About eight sheep are presently located at the 
Black Gap brood pasture, encompassing some 427 acres. 
“ Our purpose is to spread out the broodstoek pastures 

 and minimize the number of sheep lost to predators and disease.” said Charles 
Winkler, P&W D big game program director. 

“ The King Ranch site is in mountainous terrain that is considered excellent bighorn habitat. Ranch personnel will construct the fence and maintain the fa­ cility for the propagation of bighorn, under terms of the 

 agreement. Surplus sheej: 
•will be transplanted to other suitable areas in West 
Texas at the discretion til the department," Winkler said. 
“ We are hopeful that the sheep we place in this pas­ ture will build up to a hunt­ able population." said 
Winkler. “ If all goes weft, some limited hunting may be possible within the next five years,” 
Dove hunters pay $7oo 

G O LD TH W AITE - Four hunters with 247 mourning doves over the limit have been fined a total of $76o. 
The four men, two from 
Goldthwaite, one from Co­ manche and one from 
Stephenville, were caught in a sheep feed lot in Mills 
County on the second day of the winter season. 

“ There were several other people involved be­ sides the four who already have been fined,” said 
Royis Tucker, game war­ den supervisor in Brown­ wood. “ and we. are still investigating. 
More charges may be filed in connection with the case.” 

Tucker, along with game warden Benny Schriver, detained the men after the wardens found a total of 317 dead or crippled birds near the feed lot. 
“ We found discarded birds in a shaving kit. in plastic bugs, in a 1o-gallon drum and iii a big pile. By the time we counted the birds in the pile, there were 
28o of them," Tucker said. 
The veteran officer noted the case involved the grea­ test number of doves in the 
15 years he has been a game warden. 
“ There were lots of doves and lots of empty shotgun shells all around the urea,” 
Tucker said. 

BIG GIANT 
The 
LOG SPLITTER 

Model 3oo 88 8 h p. B&S engine 

Model 2oo u t 8 h p KOH engine 

• Cut* 3o inch long logs. 

• A g ita b le Oroke for rapid handi- of shorter logs, 

• iffier* automatically returns ofter tog 
'jjpfitt. 

18 ton rom pressure. 

• 
Aft* most logs up to 36 inches in diameter, all welded frame with ijM ued design for maximum 
Strength and rigidity. 

• £ o v y Vt inch platen. 

• Rugged rom heod with adjustable ways ensure efficient and trouble free action. 

• Robust splitting wedge with heat treated arid hardened cutting sec­ tion. 

• Addition top wedge aids in holding logs in position while splitting 

• High speed automotive type wheels are easily retractable. 
$1668. 
WATSON 
CXS T ROU I ING COMfWN/ INC 

9111 BROADWAY/824-7447 

I HOUR GOLF 

CITY 
PUTTING 
CHAMPIONSHIP 

Four 18 holes — qualifying unfit January 15th. 12 Noon 
— playoff on ties lo be held at 1-35, 2:oo P.M. Januory 
15th 
ANYONE MAY ENTER— FREE! 
3 Categories — Mons, Womens, Juniors 
TROPHIES AND OVER $12oo IN PRIZES 
FINALS-SUN., JAN. HTH AT 2:oo P.M. 
AT M O LOCATION 

Very Special— top line b a lls ............. 9.95 doz. 

Cocktails— oil day af 1-35 .................. 
5 o 4 

Canned Boer— both locations.................. 
4 o 4 
Come by and try our super driving range and 18 hole prac­ 

 tice tour e 

I HOUR GOLF 
2 locations 

# I — IH-35 at Judson Road, 
654-188o 
# 2 — 
IH-1o and loop 41o, 
349-1375 

H era's H ow : 

I 
Sewer ever heed and R h sire casts, 
Overhead and tabor ar (ha (ob sir# account far an increasing chara at building caste. Speed tab Crete cute casts bv mass producing panels at our plant whila tho feundotipn and slab ata being poured 
Panels ara than doliverad to the job site and quickly atacted 

J 
A design build compony 
Speed fob Crete has lull planning, design and build­ ing capabilities from your idea la tho finished product. W a will also work from your pions 

3 law maintenance and insurance casts 
There s nothing to wear out an a Speed Fab Crate building and if decorative aggregates ore used, no pointing is necessary 
Because it s made ot concrete, insurance rates ara low. 

4. Speed of construction 
Because Speed FobCrata is a modular system, con. eduction time is cut considerably. This results In lower interim finance casts and earlier accuponcy. 

5 
Team management 
W e offer q single responsible source far design and construction at a guaranteed price within a specified time period 

6. Highest quality 
Because 
Speed 
Fab Crate buildings ate made af concrete ond steel, longer lei rn loans are available. 
Yoe lust can't buy a better building at any price 

W AREHOUSES as low as 
Building under roof 15,ooo tq. ft. or more 

Price includes 

Building IOO' X ISO*. Slab end foundation on your leva! site, precast 4 in. loedbeering wells 
12 ft. high; steel ber joist, 3 ply built up root system with 22 gauge metal decking and V i" insulation; 2 steal personnel doors, 2 steal t X I overhead doors; 14 gauge matel fascia, scuppers. 
F O B. JO miles San Antonio area. Ail prices may vary slightly at different plants and distances 

Panels are precast at plant, trucked ta jab ond quickly traded and welded into p'ace 

Crete 

B U K . O H M O 

<53pva*/ f f i - i 

&. - ■i\ ," V ir “ 
1 65 19 F r e d e r i c k s b u r g Rd. 
Route 2, Box 3 o 4 
Sen Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 8 
Phone 5 1 2 /6 9 6 3 3 3 o 

CALL PLANT NEAREST YOU 

Son Antonio 

Robstown 
.. 

Austin ------ 

512/696 333o 

512/387 4555 

512/454-7911 

Other Plants in: Ft, Worth, Daliat, Houston, 
Monroeville, Ala. — Phoenix, A ril. — Nauga­ tuck, Conn. — Steeleville, ill. — Steelville, Mo, 

— Carson City, Nay, — High Point, N.C. 

Buffalo wakes up in a new world every morning 

Pacers win again 

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - 
Billy Knight scored 14 of his game-high 26 points in the fourth quarter Saturday night as the streaking In­ diana Pacers trimmed the 
New York Nets 8o-73 in a 
National Basketball Asso­ ciation game. 
It was Indiana’s fifth consecutive victory and evened the Pacers’ record for the season at 2o-2o. 
The Pacers trailed by nine points in the third period, took a six point lead midway through the final period, lost the advantage, then pulled out the victory in the closing two minutes when Danny Roundfield scored six points and 
Knight hit his final basket. 
The Nets, playing without injured guards Nate Archi­ bald and John Williamson, were led by Robert Haw­ kins who scored 19 points. 
Bob Love added 15 and Rich 
Jones had 14 for the Nets. 
Danny Roundfield scored 
2o points and Wil Jones dropped in 15 for the 
Pacers. 
Knicks, 1o2-95 
NEW YORK (A P) - 
Walt Frazier scored 12 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter Saturday night as the New 
York Knicks stiappped a three-game losing streak with a 1o2-95 
National Basketball Asso­ ciation victory over the 
Phoenix Suns. 
P H O E N IX (9S>: 
Hi»Ord 4 ? ? 1o, 
Perry o ? 2 2. Adam* 5 ) 4 11, sober* 
SOO IO, westphal I? 7 9 31, Awtrev I 
J S 6, D. Von Arsdale I Oft J, Lee 4 l l 
13, T Von Arsdole 1 o o 2, Terrell 3 
o o A Totals M 19 23 9S 
N Y. K N IC K S (1o2): 
Haywood 7 
2 I 16. McAdoo 9 2 2 2o, Shelton 3 2 2 
12. Frazier IO s 6 25, Monroe 4 4 5 12, 
M eM lllen J l l l l , B e a rd o o o o, 
M cM illa n 2 o o 4. Jackson 1 o o 2 
Totals 43 16 2o 1o2. 
Phoenix 
18 2* 29 2o— 95 
N Y. Knicks 
28 22 28 22 — 1o2 
F o u le d o u t- N o n e . 
Total foots —Phoenix 21, New York 22. 
Technic a 's — P n o e n l* Cooch M a cLeo d , Phoenix A ssistan t Coach 
Blanchi A-18.589 

Feo 

W tmmr rn 
K IN G S’ Lacey, W ashington eye ball 
AP WIREPHOTO 
Kings hustle past Rockets 

KANSAS CITY (AP) — Hon Boone, playing in his 7ooth consecutive pro fessio n al gam e , pumped in 27 points to propel the Kansas City 
Kings to a 1o6-9*4 victory over the Houston Rock­ ets in National Basketball Association action 
Saturday night. 

Boone helped the Kings to a 33-21 first-quarter lead by scoring 12 points but the 
Rockets, led by Rudy Tom- ianovich, closed within 
58-54 at the half. Tomjano- vich, who led the Rockets with 3o points, hit on seven straight shots, five of them in the second quarter. 
The 
Rockets took a three-point lead twice in the second half, the latest at 
67-64 with 8:45 left in the quarter. With Bill Robin- zme coming off the bench to score 16 points, the Kings tied it at 77-77 with 1:59 re­ 

 maining, then Jim Eakins put the Kings on top for good with two free throws with 1:16 remaining. 

The Kings, who stretched their winning streak to four, their longest of the season, moved ll points in front. 19o-89 and coasted to the finish. 
Boone, a veteran who joined the Kings after a long career In the Ameri­ can Basketball Association, hit on IO of 22 shots from the floor and seven of nine free throws. 

EASTERN CONFERENCE 
Chicago 
13 22 .371 
Ilia 
Atlantic Division 
Milwaukee 
12 28 .3oo 
15 
W 
L Pet. 
GB 
Pacific Division 
Philadelphia 
21 15 .585 
— 
Portland 
26 13 .667 
— 
New York Knicks 
19 18 .514 
2^ 
Los Angeles 
23 14 .622 
2 
Boston 
18 18 .5oo 
3 
Golden State 
19 16 .543 
5 
Buffalo 
15 24 .385 
7^2 
Seattle 
21 19 .525 
5^ 
New York Nets 
12 26 .316 
IO 
Phoenix 
14 21 
.4oo 
IO 
Central Division 
Saturday’s Games 
Cleveland 
23 15 .6o5 
Boston 1o9, Buffalo 1o6 
Houston 
2o 15 .571 rn 
New' York Knicks 1o2. Phoenix 95 
San Antonio 
2ft 18 .526 
3 ~ 
Cleveland 114, Washington 1o7 
New Orleans 
19 18 .514 
3’2 
Indiana 8o, New' York Nets 73 
Washington 
18 18 .5oo 
4 
Kansas City 1o6, Houston 94 
Atlanta 
13 27 .325 ll 
Milwaukee 111, Philadelphia 1o6 
WESTERN CONFERENCE 
Denver 119, Chicago 99 
Midwest Division 
New Orleans at Golden State 
Denver 
26 12 .684 
_ 
Sunday's Games 
Detroit 
21 15 .583 
31 2 
Los Angeles at Detroit 
Indiana 
2o 2o .5oo 
7 
San Antonio at Portland 
Kansas City 
18 2o ,474 
8 
New Orleans at Seattle 

Celtics snap skid 
BUFFALO (AP) - John 
Havticek led a fourth- quarter Reston rally as the 
Celtics overtook the Buffalo 
Braves 1o9-1o6 in the Na­ tional Basketball Associa­ tion Saturday night. 
Havlicek had it) of his 24 ints in the fourth quarter or Boston, w'htch had trailed 68-52 at the half and by four points going into the final neriod, at 85-81. 
Havlicek got the go-ahead basket to make it 99-98 with 
5:13 to play and then wrapped it up with 1:22 to play to make it 1o9-1o4. 
Ernie DiGregorio of the 
Braves scored with 1:13 left, but Buffalo turned the ball over twiee in the last minute to kill any chances of pulling out the game. 
The Celtics shot 56 per cent in the second half and their defense held the 
Braves to 38 points in the last two quarters. Besides 
Havlicek, Charlie Scott scored 22 points and Sidney 
Wicks had 21 for Boston. 

BO STON o o9 ): 
Movhcek IO I S 
24. W ick* 8 5-7 21. Ara I M 
I , W hile 3 
8 8 14, Scott ll OO 22. Rowe 2 4 4 8, 
Kuberskl 3 o-16. Bosw ell 5 o o IO. 
Totals 44 21 25 1o9 
B U F F A L O (1o4): 
Oantley 12 2 2 
26, Glo hem o oo o. Shumate 7 4-8 18, 
OiGreoorlo 6 1113, Smith IO 4 5 24, 
Adams 4 12 9, A verin 2 2-3 6, Gerard 
3 117, w illiam * o3 4 3. Totals 44 I8 26 
1o6 
Boston 
28 24 79 21—1o9 
Buffalo 
4o 28 17 21— 16o 
F o u le d 
O u t- W h ite 
T otal fo u l* —B o sto n 
26, 
B u ffa lo 
23. 
Technical—Scoff A-9,487. 
Cava, 114-1o7 
RICHFIELD, Ohio (AP) 
— Bobby Smith sparked a 
16-4 scoring burst at the beginning of the fourth period as the Cleveland Ca­ valiers rolled to a 114*1o7 
National Basketball Asso­ ciation victory over the 
Washington Bullets Satur­ day night. 
Smith, who broke a 78-78 tie with 12 seconds to go in the third quarter, scored the first two baskets of the fourth period and ll points in the first six minutes of that quarter. 
Bucks, 111-1o6 
M ILW AU KEE (A P) - 
Bob Dandridge hit twfo bas­ kets in the last 2o seconds 
Saturday night, clinching the Milwaukee 
Bucks’ 
111-1o6 National Basketball 
Association victory over the 
Philadelphia 76ers, the 
Bucks’ eighth victory in their last ll games. 
Brian Winters, who fin­ ished with 21 points, hit two crucial baskets and Swcn 
Nater tipped in the last of his 22 points with 4o se­ conds left, giving M il­ waukee a 1o7-1o4 lead. The 
76ers’ Julius Erving hit two free throws with 34 seconds left to make it 1o7-1o6, but missed a shot seconds later that would have given Phi­ ladelphia the lea 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 1977 
H 
Page l l -S 

Arkansas nips Cougars 

Continued from Page IS second half, came within 73-71 on a steal and a basket bv Baxter with 3o seconds left. 
Former Brackenridge star Arthur 
Edwards led Baylor with 22 points 
John Moore of Texas tied Edwards for high point honors with 22 and 
Baxter canned 19. 
Kent Williams came off the bench to score 18 points to lead Texas Tech to its first conference victory in two starts. 

Williams, a freshman, came into the game early in the first half when starter Steve Dunn drew his third foul and scored IO points to help Tech take a 39-31 lead at intermission. 
Elbert Darden scored 15 points to lead Rice, which has lost six games in a row* after five straight victories. 
The Owls are o-2 in conference ac­ tion. 
Sonny Allen got career coaching victory as SMU whipped TOU. 
Allen, in his second year as SMU 

 coach after a successful stint at Old 
Dominion, has a lifetime 2oo-113 re­ cord. 
Pete Lodw'ick, a straight A student who came to SMU without a basket­ ball scholarship, was high scorer for the Mustangs with 23 points. 
The victory was the second for 
SMU without a loss in SWC play. 
Overall, the Mustangs are 3-7. 
TOU, o-2 in conference and 3-6 for the season, was led by Randy Boyts with 12. 

I 

AUCTION 
Large Belection of hand made Oriental & 
PERSIAN RUGS 

SAT., JAN. I 5 at 2:oo P.M. 
ST. ANTHO NY HOTEL 
Peraux Room 
3oo I. Travis St. 
SAN A N T O N IO 
Victor BarkHordarian, Auctioneer 
Tex. Uc CACP177o52o Expires Dec 1977 

F R E E E X H IB IT IO N ST A R T S FRO M batture an An *4 A**y>«* F*rv*« Bu# Wit Im 8 **'' h**o'* ll** •KSU*'* 
•oft* yow' rut* pr®t**won#i tow tit*' 
B A R K H O R D A R IA N 
IR A N IA N RUG W EAVERS 

o*9 o< 
4* f*i *b** 
*o€f>Qt>**r* 9* Qrt*nt*t ouo 
533 Sutter St &•« t r#nci«co editor*** o41o2 
<4MW JOI 6666 

Hunt 

 g a i n s pole 

BUENOS /VIRES (AP) - 
World Grand Prix cham­ pion James Hunt of Eng­ land won the pole position 
Saturday for the Argentine 
Grand Prix, the inaugural race of the 1977 Formula 
One season. 
Hunt’s time of I minute 
48 68 seconds, in a McLaren 
M23, set during the first day of time trials on Fri­ day, was good enough to beat all times. 

Hogs-Coops 

HOUSTON (7o): 
W alker I I 2 I 
Thompson 5 5* IS, Shul!* I OO 2, 
B ird so n g 8 6 7 22. (lo in o o o o 
Trummet 3 OO 6, Ro** 2 o o 4, WH lion** J 2 2 8. Ftyir* 2 o o 4. W ind*' I 
o o 4 Raper 1o o 2, Kelley O O I o, 
Total* 2H 14 18 7o 
A R K A N S A S ( l l ) 
Oetpn U t * 
28. t o uric* 4 12 9. Stroud I I 2 5, 
Moor no! 6 IO l l 22. Brewer 2 12 5, 
T ru m b a 1 o 1 2 , S m a ll o 4 6 6. 
Buckner 3 oo 6. Total* 29 2) 32 l l 
H aiM trti*— Houston 314, A rkan sas 
31 Total Foul*—Houston 29. Afkan 
VOS 17. Fowled owl—ShuH/ A»4,J49. 
TechRice 

NEW LOCATION 

Th© San Antonio offices of the American Automobile Association, 
Texas Division have moved from 6o6 Broadway to 
323 Spencer Lane, 

Call us for Emergency Road Service and Bail Bond at 736* 1665 

Call us for airline reservations, auto insurance and other member services at 736-4192 

TEXAS T iC H (83): 
Edward* 6 
2 4 14, Duke* 4 2 3 IO. Russtii 5 5 7 I S 
Kitchens o 66 6. Dunn 1 2 ) 4 , WH ham* 8 2 4 ll, Mutton 4 o o8, Sander* 
3 2 2 8, P h e n i x o o o o, Richard* o o41 
o Riiooipn OOO o. Total* JI 21 29 
R IC E ( J I ) : 
Volo 4 OO i, Thomas 
5 OO IO, Jackson ooo o, Cunntnoham 
2 o14, Durden S 55 IS. R oo *'* OO OO 
M iller 1121. Lone 3 12 7, Flchtmoer 
4 o o 8, Simmons o 1 2 1 , Forrest o O I o, Bkeroth o o-o o. Reynold* 1o o 2 
Tatoll 25 8 13 
Halftim e— Te*a» Tarn J9, R u e 3) 
Total (owls—Tern is, Rice 21 la t h att ai tout— 
Tach Coach /Aey«r* 
A-2,1o8 
Bears* Horn s 

BA Y LO R (71): 
Fallo n 5 4 4 14, 
Sp icer o 2 2 2, E d w a rd s 9 4 4 22, 
O l i v e r 6 2 4 14, HABOWSKI A 4 4 16, 
Rufus l l 2 7, Carlisle o AO o. Total* 
29 17 22 75 
TR K A S (7 |»; 
B a x te r 9 l l I*, 
Parso n O O I o. Goodnar 9 2 4 2o. 
M oore H o o 22, K r iv a c t 2 o o 4. 
Murphy 1 2 3 4, Dans* 2 o-6 4, Dotson 
o AO o. Totoi* 34 5 9 7J. 
H oitim e —B o y lo r 39. T a *a * 28 
F o u n d out —G o o d n e r. 
T o tal fouls—Baylor IS, T o o * 2o. A-6,4oo. 
SMU-TCU southern method**! (64): Morris 2 O O 
4, Swtrdiund 7 OO 14. Swanson o o ) 4 
I, lodwick ll l l 21. Oovi* $ 2 2 Ii, 
Arnold I O O 2, Robinson 2 2 4 6, terovoto I OO 2, Mal* 1 o 2 2 Total* 
3o 4 11 
T E X A S C H R I S T I A N (SS) M« Dowell 
3 OO 4, Hill 2 o o 4. Ashley 3 o o 6, 
Bo vt* 6 OO 12, Wy veiny 1oo 2, Marlon 
4 o 18, Braden 2 OO I, McFuagon J 
OO 4, Crow* o OO o. Mollie 3 14 7 
Total* 2/ I 5 h A lF f I M C - SM U 4o, TCU ?» Tat OI foul* -SM U I, TCU 14 A — I 9o4 

YMCA 

Xidaet - Reds 22. st W ary * I t . 
Knick* 21 St Phillip * I/ Peewee - 
Km cuki 41. Blue 18, Palm Heights 
34, it Phillip s 27 Ju nio r - S' 
M a ry * 54, si Phillip s 47, Cnri»t The 
Kina 4o, Senderp 37. Senior* ■— 
Sidewinder* 54, Northude W arn#/* 

• 3719 Blanco Rd. 
• 134o Callaghan Rd 

• 95o Bandera Rd. • 2o2o Austin Hwy. 

9 A.M . TIL 
12 M ID N IG H T 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

THE MONEY SAVER 
WAREHOUSE 

32 os. 
Returnable 
Bottle* 
EACH 
6 P A * 
H.*- 

Hot Ch 

 property 

PLUS DEPOSIT 
Babery 

LARGE e g g s 

WHOLE 
Fryers 

F*NE f a r e grade 

DOZEN 

CARNATION 
TOPIC 

 ft GALLON 

* 
Calif. 
Avocados 

W i l y ! * /A' 

CRISE RCD 

I * » ' 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 9 I 977 
AUTOMOSIUS ! ) © 

*71 G R A N P R IX , R E P O 1 
T o ke up paym ents, 973-7747 
74 G R A N P R I X SJ. S t iv e r b lu e, p o w e r w in d o w *, A M P M ste re o , top e d e c k . A s k in g *5 2 o o o r b e st otter. After 4: 49o-9oo4._____________ 

72 G R A N P R IX SJ 
Loaded. V e ry 
C lean! *1395 655 5o94_______________ 
1974 O ra n T orin o 4-door, *245o. A sk tor O V. 433-1444 
__________________ 
1975 G ra n Torino ...................*299S ask tor D o v e 433-1444 
G R E M L I N , 74. 
*1595 344-3729 
4, auto. air, cle an 

Hertz Is Seiling Quality 
U se d C o r * F ro m O u r R e n io l Fleet 
(1975 U S E D ) 
1331 S O U T H T E R M I N A L 
F o r Inform ation C all: 824 9465 
'7 4 H O R N E T e veryth in g! 
824-o411 

S u p e r c le a n , h a s 
*21oo. 
655-7o86, 

H O R N E T ’73 W odan, 6 tv!., stand . pow er, radio, air, L o o k s and ru n s good! *7ooo 484 3764_______________ 
‘7o Im p a la 2 d o o r h a r d to p 
A u to 
E x tra nice! *77o 3527 C u le h ra 

AUTOMOBILES D O 

72 O L D S 8 8 . 4 -d r., a ir , p o w e r, rad ials M in t cond. *21oo 342-29oo 
68 O L D S 98 E x c e lle n t cond ition. 
Totally loaded *95o or best re a so n ­ able offer. 
Atter 
6, w e eken d s 
696 1397 
69 O L D S 98 L u x u r y sedan, e x c e l­ lent care. *995. 824-3971 eves 
‘74 O lds 9 p a sse n g e r w agon, loaded. 
732-7161 or 344 9773 
'72 O L D S T O R O N A D O G reen with gre en interior, v in y l root, a ir, a u ­ tom atic. p o w e r ste e rin g , e le c tric se a ts a n d w in d o w s , tilt s t e e r in g wheel, c ru ise control, a m tm steroo. real nice, *!99S. C all H. W A L K E R . 
828 5511. 
7 2 O L D S T O R O N A D O G ood cond , fu lly e q u ip p e d . *14 5o o r a s s u m e 
*125o bal. a nd older car tor equity. 
681 3261 
( O N E O F A K IN D ) ‘76 J a g u a r X J S , 
2-door h a rd to p . 4o c o a ls of H a n d ru b b e d c a n d y fire red 
A c c e n te d with can dy go ld .Fu lly loaded, E x tra 
Clean! 
14omph p lus c a r 
*17,5oo 
822 7529 

7 5 
IM P A L A . 
6567626 
M u s i sell. 
*36oo. 

’76 TRANS A M 

 mB r) 
All power, air, 

 r . f i t . r n a u t o m a t i c , 

A M 
/ F M s t e r e o t a p e , p o w e r 

W w i n d o w s , o n l y 9 , o o o m i l e s . 

1969 L E M A N S , auto, air, A M - P M stereo, 8 track. *9oo 492 1684 
'72 L E M A N S 2 door hardtop. W hite w ith w h ite In te rio r. E x t r a clean. 
E xcellent ru nn in g condition. S199S. 
824 5678 leave nam e a n d phone no. 
Will coll bock. 
___________________ 

L I N C O L N C O N T I N E N T A L ‘7 * 
T o w n c a r ! 4 D r 
A M T M ste re o , tape d eck, 6o-4o p o w e r w in d o w s, door locks, tilt wheel, sp e ed control, etc A b solu tely im m aculate! N A D A 
Retail *81oo, Sa crifice! O n ly *635o 
349 48o5____________________________ 
1974 L in c o ln C o n t in e n t a l 4 d o o r 
L o a d e d W ill sa c rific e 18288 C all 
C lyde R o w e 222-8611 or 222 2774 
‘76 L T D F O R D 4 D oor, fully loaded. 
Will help finance Coll Joh n 222 o986 
76 L T D L A N D A U 
Loa d ed , 12,ooo im., v e ry clean. 826-8o86, 656-3583 atter 5 ______________________________ 

72 L T D , lo a d e d ' 51595 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo S A N P E D R O 
34) 1356 
‘72 L U X U R Y L E M A N S , s ilv e r , block V e ry nice. *195o, 226o291 
M a k e me a good otter. 65 C H E V Y 
W agon, no m otor 923 o976_________ 
'7 4 M a l ib u C la s s ic , a ir , p o w e r steering, new tires, *2895, 533 3226 
M A L I B U , '73. 2 -d o o r. V S, p o w e r ste e rin g , au to N o M o n e y D o w n , ta k e up lo w m o n t h ly p a y m e n ts , 
Ra nd y, 681 3492 

P R I C E D 

TINDALL and SON PONTIAC-GMC 

3 9 o o San Pedro 
736-1561 

Calvin 
Graham’/ 

 lin co ln 

 f f l c r c i M y 

 l l 23 N. M A IN 
225-65o1 

74 MONTE CARLO 
o,on,e- load,d' 26 

75 MARK IV #562, white, tended 4o,ooo miles 

OOO. 

7 3 O L D S V IS T A C R U I S E R S S i n S S T ’ '°a M 

*4o95 

*8399 

*2895 

72 M A R K IV #575, green looded, 7o,ooo miles 
'4 9 9 5 

75 THU ND ERBIRD #616 Gold, looded 27.ooC miles ‘639 5 
'TC IH d rn iM (ontinentol 
Coupe, yellow 
#637, ___ 
/ j U N IU IN looded 38 OOO miles 
7495 

*7 A IIM r n i M Con hue moi Sedon, #653, blue, looded 
/A U N W IN jyoOO miles 
*5395 

72 TO YO TA Wagon, #696. green, looded 
’ I 395 

76 M A R K IV #698 While Versatile, looded 
* 11,75o 

71 D O DG E Toters, #699, green 
*1o95 

7 4 T O R O N A D O #7o3 green 
‘2 9 9 5 

7 5 BU ICK Wogon. #79o, red looded 36,ooo miles 
*4495 

7 4 C APRI # 788. Sunroof, 74,ooo mile* 
‘2 6 9 5 

7 o FORD LTD #986 ow 
*1o95 

7 o BU ICK limited blue, like new. #777 .. 
....... ‘ 1495 

7 6 DODGE ^ “i* * m lood*d 
,o oo° miles 
5 2 9 5 

M r eA U p p rw — 
: S A V E . 

 t y n Why mouth Obiter Stan- 

* 1 8 8 8 

’7 3 S 
U 
S 
* ' 
* 2 3 8 8 < 

7 3 door, auto matte air, 
A M -fM . . 

 i i i M u iiw ig aul Oma rn, 
/ 4 otr. vinyl 

* 2 2 8 8 itomattc, 

‘ 2 7 8 8 

 i v e Pinto Runabout 
/ 5 Pard. 
»ton- 

* 2 3 8 8 
I F t7 r Grots 
Tortno 
Station 

7 
S S D . t !1? . * 3 5 8 8 
I, 
2 door automatic, window*. 

'T C 1 ,o landau. 
7 9 hording 

A M fix’ 
Stereo 
‘4 3 8 8 illy toa- 

Stereo 
* 5 1 8 8 

4 
J I Cougar XII7 fully loo- 
, dad w A M -FM . 

CALL OE LA ROSA 
I A I . O A 1 - I 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
OPEN SUNDAY 

19/3 Dodge C h a rge r, gold, vin yl top p ow er, arr. new tire-* 
Se e to up p re p a re 333 MO I 
'/ * D O D G E Colt W ogon Auto air, I ow ner L ik e new *2/9* Will trade 
923 2883 
D O D G E 1968 C oro n e t air p ow er ste e rin g b ro k e s . 4 dr., e x t tire s 
1Q3o Cibolo Trail, Universe)! City 
*2 D O D G E D A R T 
Autom atic *19* cosh 436 7431 
7? D O D G E D a r t h a r d to p a r e a l condition *129* trade, 342 2o93 
1974 D O D G E D A R T S E 
4 door B ro u g h a m , 6 CVI. auto, all pow er a nd air A M T M radio, wire whelles, new tires, one o w ner J J,OOO m i *3ooo 34! 8291 
/I D O D G E Fiilo rq W o go n 9 p a s , 
V S air l l SSO Coll 3J3 4916 
47 O O D G E 
U SO 3J3 7594 ll A T IO N W 
13)8 B op Bilic 
.G O N 

H H H Z H H H Z g 
■ fa LONE STAR “ SPECIALS’’ M B 

'71 O U S T E R 4 CVI air, stand 7)oo m iles, excellent condition 
*189* 
*34 I I M 

’73 KARMANN GHIA 
7 3 TOYOTA 
' 
7 2 MAVERICK 5% , 1 1 ^ t ft f t . 
7 2 VW CAMPER f i S S r l . 
7 3 VW BUG 
,od,° IT* lauarebaxk aute— rod*o hooter, n it* i i i UU/ Standard, radio, hector, air, t v T IT MHtraot, law m U et...................... 
7 4 VOLKSWAGEN 
~ 
Super l e e He. auto heater, ready to go 
7 4 VW BusZzz?z:,, j£ ;*,,d 
7 4 VW BUS & z r n~ r 
,o*° ’ 
7 4 VOLKSWAGEN 

Co<TVBrt(W«, lio n- . . . . . dor* aor I MFM . 76/ 7 
‘2488 
‘17 9 5 
‘2995 
‘2195 
•1495 
•3795 
: ‘2577 
•2488 
‘3995 
•4295 
‘2888 
*2695 

'7 * E l C a m in o S u p e r S p o rt 
Dt sto od c a r 
L o w m iles, blue book ric e 1 S i t o6o6 or S33 8536 

’75 Eldorado Convertible 
N ew tire*, fully loaded C ollector s 
■tem M u st sell! *8*oo C all 732 *96o or 4*3 2*91 
E X E C U T IV E O E M O 
1974 F o rd G ru n d e L O A D E D ! 47oo m iles Still in w a rran ty *499* Call 
D a v id 461 4121, n ig h t s a n d w ee 
Se nd s 333-364o 
_______ 
E X E C U T IV E D E M O 
1 1977 F o rd M u sta n g ii C o b ra L o a d le d 
HOO m ile s Still in w a r r a n t y 
1**896 C oll 
D a v id 661-4121, n igh ts 
I and w eekends 333 344o 
6« F a t 'lu n e SOO, J d r S p o rt roof 
Factory 4 speed 224 69*6 
2 F IN E O L O C A R S 

197* F I R E B I R D 
*389* 
A sk For Dave, 433 1464 
73 F I R E B I R D beaufitul b u rgu n d y 
H o n e y c o m b w h e e ls, v e r y d e a n 
*137* 226 o 2 9 ) ____________________ 

73 F I R E B I R D E S P R IT 
Pick up paym ents, coll 924 *626 

BOERNE MOTORS, INC. 
Boerne, Texas 
Toll Free No.: 226-551 5 

• 1975 O O D G I Dart 4-dr. Loaded! 
• 1973 CHEVROLET 2-dr. Loaded! 
• 1974 BUICK Riviera. Loaded! 
• (2) 1975 CORDOBAS. Loaded! 
• 1975 FORD LTD. Loaded! 
• 1974 FORD Galaxie. Loaded! 
• 1973 NEW YORKER. Loaded! 
REDUCED PRICES 

‘74 Fir e b ir d Loaded. 
Ir a * plus C B M u *! sell * lots of 

49 F I R E B I R D , S H A R P ' 
C all 341 9412 

7 2 F l e e t w o o d 
D E V IL L E D o n s . . 

14 F O R D 
*1ooo 
4*3-oo*o 
*9 F O R D C o u n try S q u ire W ago n 
Body rouah new tires, ru n s aoud 
N eeds electrical w o ik *4oo or best otter 6* * 66)o Ofter I p rn 
7* F O R D *oo Custom 
*246o 
I i M E R C U R Y M ontego 
*1978 
74 F O R D T o n n e 
*1 **o 
T H E S E C A R * A R E L O A D E D 
T H E Y R U N and L O O K G O O D 
6oo3 * F L O R E S 

Continued 
From 

* 7 2 C U T L A S S S 2 d r . looded 
* to>h rant** tro de 224 6 9 * 4 _______ 

 rn* C O R V E T T E 64 427, standard, t 
*, veittbie 696 7288 i 
7 2 C O U G A R A ir. p ow er os 
2681 after 6 
1972 C O U G A R 
• ^ ___ 
*249* Coll 341 9412 
7o C O U G A R v e ry ' g o o d ? 
* • . 441 3o64 661 1/41 use 

, 7 6 C O U G A R n m 
JL usetts d y a d v , 
.**9 9 * oft 6 . 736 8 SAJ 

4oo mi. A M F M n o w a rra n ty , 
736 8167 cy!97l C o u n try Sq uire Se da n w ogon 
«■ 9 p asse n g e r 
*199* 
A sk for G re g 
• 
433 1464 
49 C U O A R e d 
Strip es 
*79* 
Wfgle 

* 7 4 
C u t l a s s 
H u rst T To©*. 
C all b r o u i attar 
6 

’72 CUTLASS SUPREME 
C O N V E R T IB L E , a u to m a tic , a ir, p o w e r st e e rin g , b r a k e s B u c k e t seats, c on so le Im m a c u la te con d i flan 34 1 94 3 3, 349 72 7 3 
7o C utlass Supre m e 2 dr Lik« 
T A K E T R A D E 224 49*6 new 

74 C U T L A S S Su p re m e VS, auto , power, factory air 
A M F M stereo tope, tike new 
Wilt trade 
*399* 
923 2683 
74 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E loaded, nice, luke up paym ents, 924 4471 

C U T L A S S S U P R E M E 
72 loaded, nice, toke up p aym en ts 924 6471 
7) C U T L A S S Su p re m e Auto , air, 
A M lo p e 
V e ry d e a n . m u st se ll) 
3421973, 494 623* 
»9 D a rt S w in g e r 2 dour h o rd ly p 
Auto 
E x tra d e a n ! 
»7/g 
3*27 
Cutebra 
71 D E M O N Stan d ard 2 door hard top Sacrifice m o cosh 434 2623 
D i s t r e s s s a l e ! ! 
( C a i d s ) 
19 7* 
P lym ou th F u r y Sport C ou p e Silver 
R ed vin yl top Low m ile s Indteiuai ow ner Atter e a r n 6*3 /748 
167# b o d g e C h a lle n g e r , r t . 'j S j m a g n u m duofo. new fifes, lim ited edition l l JVS 144*31o6 off 5 
72 D o d ge C hallenger, S H V * 628 63** a ltar 7 -494 o3o3 
D O D G E (’ H A R G E R 
*oo.“ 197o 

o919 
4 doc 

74 F O R D E lit e , b y o w n e r 
A l pow er, a m -tm stereo 
B e a u tifu lly 
Hep! and m aintained 
53.o66 
824 319* 
F o rd I lite 
A M F M tqpi 
I ti. int sty 
IP air 

F O R D Cute 

 la*« 
I i a a 

74 F O R D E L I T E 
R e p o 
S o u n d body bul below o v e ra g e condition 
B id s accepted until to a rn Ja n 1o l l C om p a ny re se rve s the right to refuse all b id s G E IC O 
1247 N E 
Loop 41o 
F O R D 
4* a u ti 

 r, auto it s 
N o 

1973 Fo rd G o ld *** WO 4 door Sedan, 
*199* A sk for Woody, 433-1444 
7o F O R D G A L A X Y 4 d r 
P o w e r air good cond *7oo 492 9942 
7* F O R D G ru n o d o L ik e new M u st fit now 
W ill h elp f in a n c e C a d 
HW 272 o986 

1973 F o rd Grot! Torino 
4 door, *189* A sk F o r O V 433 1444 
7 o F O R D L T D . 4 d oor. v in y l top auto, a ir, rodto. p o w e r ste er! 

C A V E M k E R ’ K 
“SPECIALS” 

7 6 ( H l v r 
’« « 
75 i o r o h a d o t r jz z z 

»7 Q f t i r s C 
Cutlass 4 door, factory air, all power and 
. . . . . 
/ 4 ULI// extras. As is spacial 
.............. *2195 

» 7 C r u c w l,nP«*a Wagon, factory air, all power t n n n r 
' ^ V .T T C V I and extra clean ................................ 
3 W 5 
75 b u ic k X ' s r i S K C - . f r r . r 4 *4295 
7 5 M ER C U R Y 
>4695 
75 r o N T i A c ^ o J s a s s i r r r . r f *3995 
75 f o r d H D s : r . rn . I *3795 
7 4 CHRYSLER 
>2895 

7 4 CHEVROLET X « '° .V i‘.4,,'!°.r '',,°,,''i' >3295 

1 7 et n i n e ^'i,a Cruiser station wagon, factory air, t n t f i r 
' 
'F F te H at| power and extras, roof rack. Clean . . . . 
I O V J 

• 7 A n i n e 98 Regality sedan, (actory air, all power . . . f t r 
/6 ULU5 ond extrot. Ilk# new . . . . . ........... . . . . *6995 

> 7 o B R C D n I D V Marquis Brougham, 4-door, factory c o m r 
/ 1 m c K L U K T air, oil power and extros. Special .. 
21 9 5 

1 7 4 A i n e Cutlass 442 coupe, factory air, all power t r i n e 
/ O U L U ) and extras .............................................. 
5 1 9 5 

* 7 1 n i n e Cutlass Supreme Holiday Coupe, (actory . . . . r 
/ I U L I / ) air, oil power and extras, sharp.................. 
7 J 

12/ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCi CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OE OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 
“CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadw ay • 2 2 6-7 3 57 • 2 2 6 -8 7 7 2 

'71 M A L IB U Su p e r cle an ! Pow er. air, low m i *1995. 494-6*67 after 4 
71 M A L IB U V 8, sta nd a rd , a ir M e ­ c h a n ic a ll y s o u n d , e x t r a c le a n . 
824-5678 leave nam e a nd num ber. 
73 M A R K IV excellent throughout, not e x a g g e r a te d S55oo. 828-62*8. 
C an yo n L a k e (1)899 2o6* 

1972 P IN T O *)295 
A sk F o r O V 4337464 
71 P IN T O ............................. *1o9* 
A sk F o r W oody, 433-1464 
71 P IN T O . A u to m atic Iro n s. SOSO 
533 229* ofter 6 p m _____________ 
'75 Pinto Runabout, auto, air, *2895. 
A sk for D ave, 433-1464 
7 4 P IN T O R U N A B O U T 
Auto air, *1995. 349 2674 

74 PINTO S2289 
Station w aqon Auto, air, radio 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H C R O S S 
19o1 S W M ilita ry 922-6317 
‘73 P in to w a g o n one ow n er. m ileage 826-9*6*, 681 2937 
7 5 P IN T O W ago n 4 speed, low mi m int cond, *24*o *33-337o. 
7 * P IN T O W ogon. auto , pow er, air. 
*2995. 684 21o3 
67 P ly . B e lv e d e re in M in t C on d 
M o v in g M u st S e ll' 684-5429 

'Xvii 
AUTOMOBILES 

74 V e ga H a tch b a c k, Y e llow , auto. 
Air, radio, new tires. Tuned up, ti m p g 
25,ooo mi. 
Beautiful *1695. 
494-2325 
_________ _ 
V e ga H atchback 74. Stan d ard shift. 
43,ooo m ile s 
E x c e lle n t condition. 
*11oo 435 1641_________ _ 
72 V E G A H a tc h b a c k C le a n ' A M - 
F M topedeck. 655-4499.____________ 
72 V E G A h atchback, auto oir, real low mi *995. 342-oo62________________ 
75 V E G A H a t c h b a c k 
A ir, A M , stand 4-spd *23oo 681-298o atter 6 
•75 V E G A H a t c h b a c k , m ileage. 
After 
6 pm, 
432 9446 
____ 

A ir , low 
434 914o. 

7 2 Vego. M u st sell now W holesale con 69o IOSP ofter 5 
'71 
Vega, 
4 speed. 
R u n s G ood 
674 155o 
________ ___ 
7 1 V E G A W A G O N 
L ow mi., g a s s a v e r ' *1ooo C all 655-6867 after 5 w eekdays, all day w eekends 
7 1 V E G A W A G O N 
L o w nu., 9 o s sa v e r! *1ooo C all 65S-&867 after 5 w eekdays, oil day w e e k e n d s 
_ 
7 o V olksw age n Sa u a re b ac k 
'69 C he vy im p a la hardtop ....... 
'7o M e rc u ry B ro u gh am , loaded, like new 
............................................ 
C E N T E R A U T O S A L E S 
2937 R O O S E V E L T -9 2 4 *1*9 
‘71 V W 
O v e rh a u le d e n gin e, a ir. stereo. F M *995 341 2o39_________ 
W E B U Y S E L L 
U S E D C A R S A N D T R U C K S 
K IN N E Y M O T O R S 
3928 B R O A D W A Y 
828 2213 

71 C U T L A S S C O N V E R T IB L E . All pow er and a ir 
F a c to ry tape s v s tem. New tires, low m ileage *225o. 
.349 3226 or 349 6766 
______ 
C U T L A S S 1972. Like new M u st sell! 
Will hleo finance Call John 222 o986 
76 C U T L A S S Sa lo n equipped 
$6ooo or 
*34 5251 

T-Top, fu lly best otter 

‘71 Ply. C R IC K E T I door, air, a m ­ ini, N ice 2nd car! U nder 3o.ooo mi. 
Just *995. Coll anytim e. 341 o993 
66 P L Y M O U T H Belved ere 
Lik e new! 341-9412 
1975 P lym ou th Duster, low m ileage. 
*279* A sk tor D ave, 433-1464 
71 P L Y M O U T H D U S T E R 34o 
4-speed, r a c in g cam , h e a d e rs in ­ stalled Will sw ap com to suit buyer. 
B od y slightly rough. *1ooo Del Rio: 
I 77* 6253 

72 Plymouth Fury III 
4 door, V B, auto, a ir, a nd p ow e r 
42,ooo m iles 
.......................... *1695 
J A M IS O N M t rs 223 *2o1, Seguin 
7 o P L Y M O U T H F u r y , VB, auto , power, factory air, *495. W ill trade 
923 2883 
73 P ly m o u th F u r y 4-door, *1795 
Loaded. A sk for D ave, 433-1464 

M a r k IV 1973. F u l l p o w e r . T ilt wheel, c ru ise control O w n e r m ust sacrifice this weekend. C o m p a re at 
*58oo F irst *47*o 494 *o87 

I P lym ou th F u ry 111. Air, auto excellent cond *1o5o 681 71o5 
69 Plym ou th F u ry III 4 door Seaan, auto *46* 3*27 C ulebra 
'75 M A R K IV , ll m e ta llic brow n, chocolate top 16,ooo m c Lik e new, see lo b e lie v e 
W h o le s a le *9 2 *o 
Seguin 1-379 *864 

7o P L Y M O U T H 
I O w n e r a ir , power. Excellent condition 
*1o99 
655 276o 

7 3 M A R K IV 35,ooo m iles, excellent cond $577* 6*8 3856 

P L Y M O U T H 7 
R o a d ru n n e r 
A u loaded with e x tra s *1895 Or best ofter 73? 548? 
M A R K IV , 197*. M o o n ro ot, owner. After * 3o 684 o383. by 
IO P lym ou th Satellite 2 d oor h ard top *129* A sk tor O V 4J3 1464 
76 M A R K IV 
O w n e r, lo w m ile g e . E x t r a n ic e . 
*1o,3oo. 344 o221; 655-VS2* 

72 P lym ou th Satellite 2-door h a rd ­ top 
Auto. 
R e a l sh o rp ! 
*99o 3*27 
Culeb ra 
7 2 M A R K IV , white on white. Lood- ed, excellent M u st sell. 681 o199 
197? M A R K IV E X C E L L E N T C O N 
D IT IO N *41oo C A L L 655 SS 12 

64 P ly m o u th V a lia n t 2-door h a rd top, 
6 cylinder, auto. 
826-9*6*. 
681 2917 

69 M A R Q U IS W a go n , a ir, a m tm stereo, p o w e r, b r a k e s , w in d o w s, steering. 
M o k e offer 
226 91o6; 
311 5889 

64 P lym ou th VS. good m otor, needs som e w o n *2oo 696 2386 

'7o M A V E R I C K 
After 6 pm , 653-o724 
'72 M a v e ric k , 2 dr, 6 cyl, auto, a n , 
Sift SO Coll 69Q o5o2. 
7 4 M A V . G R A B B E R 
A ir, pow er, auto , m a gs, new tires 342-o1*9 
'72 M ere M a rq u is W o go n 
46o, a n . b o w e l, ra d io , lu g r a c k , r a d ia ls , 
M id la n d C B . e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
5)895 656-2o74 
___________________ 
19/1 M e rc u ry C om et s m s 
A sk tor W oody, 433 1468 
M E R C U R Y C O U G A R *229o 
'73 with console, auto air, pow er, sm all V B N ew tires. F in e cor, F irm price, 435-1641 
_____________________ 

M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS 
76 4 D r". fully eau loot'd Witt) A M F M stereo. power w indow s, p ow er seats, c ru ise c o n tro l, r a d ia l t ir e s , etc 
L I K E 
N E W ' M u st se t'' *475o 349 48o5 

# 
SPECIAL! 
OVER 5o NEW ’77 
DODGE ASPEN 
STATION WAGONS 

^ 
O k . I 

% 
M 

$4 8 2 5 oo 
W 
^ 1 
D ill V IR ID 
WE W ill ACCEPT AN T 
REASONABLE OFFER! 
. ^ 

MITCHELL DODGE 
' 
113o BROADWAY v i \ >ss? 

'71 M E R C U R Y M a r q u is . P o w e r, a ir , s t e r e o 
*1 45o. D r i v e to ap- preclate B ig C or tee) 828 22o8 
73 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS C o lo n y 
P a rk Station W ago n A ll the e xtios. 
5 B ra n d new tire s1 *3195 494 366o 
'72 M E R C U R Y M o n te rre y , 4-door, a u to ., o ir , p o w e r , g o o d tra n sp o rta tio n *9 8 * 9o°«tin on cin g available 244-441o 
7 * M E R C U R Y M o n a rc h G hio Fu l ly equipped, I ow ner, v e ry low ml. 
Lik e new *429* Will trod e 923 2883 
M O N T E C A R L O 7 4 B lo ck on biol good condition. 824 o659 
7 3 M O N T E C A R L O 
B E S T O F F E R ' 341 9412 
1973 M onte C a rlo 
*3295 A sk for O V 433-1464 
1976 M onte C a rlo *489* 
Low m ile s A sk tor Q ,v 433 1464 
'7* M f 
F M sti rte C arlo S, pow er on rep *12*o 735 1 398 of Ie 
I i 
M O N T E 
C A R L O , t o k e UP p aym ents, coll 974-*626 
74 M O N T E C A R L O M u st sell tost' 
Call 
344 488* 
I i M O N T E C A R L O 
S h o w r o o m condition Soc rifle e* 344-o2o4 
M O N T E C A R L O iv73 L oa d e d M u st se ll' Will help finance 
Coll John 
222 o986 

72 M O N T E C A R L O loaded *239* or 
Lest offer J49 S*!1 e ves 

•76 M o n te C arlo, lo a d e d p lu s, Im mocijlQtc 65 6-oll* 
7 3 M u sta n g , air, autom atic, v e ry clean! 828 63S* utter 7 696 o3o3 ) 

1972 M U S T A N G , auto air, a sk tor 
W oody N o m oney dow n 433 1468 
67 M U S T A N G *49o 
A u to m ate 3*14 C u 'e b ra ti M U S T A N G . 6 cyl auto good g a s im 684 8o26 

GEO RGE HUGHES M O T O R S 
I* proud to announce the ap­ pointment of Gary Lessing a* our 
Sole* Monoqer. Gory wa* formerly 
Assistant Vice President of Con­ sumer Bonking at First National 
Bank for 9 year* and also in the same position at Main Bank and 
Trust tor 3 years. He invites hi* friends and new customer* to coll or come by and say hello. 
George Hughes Motors 
6226 San Pedro 
344-o1 38 

Mechanics Special 

'* 7 
oo(7o1 
Pick 
Up, automatic 
.............. $ ASO 

AS CHIVY Pick Up, don (told. V8 lust «v*>hou!*d 
$ STS 
74 RANCHERO 
Automatic, aw 
...... 
$1948 

7J FOftO ( IOO, automatic, 
V I 
S22SO 

7 4 CHIVY C2o, 4*4, automatic, V I............... 
$29/S 

7 2 FORD Couiiti Pick Up stun dan), w tamper shell 
$14M 
74 DOOGl Van. stondaid radio, heater 
$2975 

$255o 
73 DOOGl van. HOO 
73 TORO (ounet. standard.... 
. 
(1 4 5 o 
75 (ORO (25o. 4 speed, mdio heat*' 
..... •. - 
$2575 
74 CHIVY ton auto mafic, an 
.... 
52348 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 Ext. 3o3 
• Open Sunday* • 

M i a m i i i n 

 tt/ J F o rd I T D 7 g o o r c ondition 
194 1o?9 e x c e lle n t 
” 

67 M U S T A N G D e lu xe 289 V S Auto factory air, all pow er im m aculate itB Vs M i-2911 
•71 M u sta n g , e xtra cle an ! or 681 2937 
74 M u sta n g It S279S 
Auto air, a sk for O V 433 1464 

74 MUSTANG ll 
C O U P E . 
6 cylinder, auto o u pow er ............. 
*299* 
J A M IS O N M t rs Se qu in 223 *2o1 
' I i M u sta n g ll G hia Auto. air. vt t leon *29*o 492 2247______________ 
M U S T A N G ll M P G , '7 6 
4 so d 
A M F M . *34oo firm a*t 6. 
B o b 
6*6 4*94 

‘6 * M U S T A N G good CO'Kt *696 
•6* 
M U S T A N G , 
IWO 45*7 ru n s good 
*4oo 

7 6 M u sta n g it Tan, w ith / vin yl too 
4-cylinder, 
4 speed 
9,ooo m iles 
*39oo 681 19*o 

I 
73 M O N T E C A R L O a m tm ra d ia ls , lo * 
>o 347 7Q7? 
N E W und U S E D c a rs with no m on t v down A sk for W oody. 433 1468 
‘ 73 
N O V A 
A u to , 
A ir , p o w e i b ra k e s steering, tike new condition 
82'OQ R a y 6*5 3286 
7o N o v a 
6 C y lin d e r , st a n d a r 
SI >?S 112 6126 otter 5 Phil 

74 NOVA edan A real e conom y dard 
......... 
IM P H IL L M C C O M B S 
O R D SO U THC R O S S 
______________ unto 
'73 N O V A H A TC M B J 

67 O L D S A l condition A u to. 
*79* C oll 6*6 3937 

F O R D *71 L T D . 4 d o o r h a rd tu o , p ow er, a ir, I o w n e r 
S ilv e r m ist 
N ice *1o9* *17 4246 
IO Fo rd L T O 4 door hardtop, aulu 
1*98 J H I C uleb ra 
74 F O R D L T O 
E x c e lle n t cond m u st sell! B e sto w e r 6*6 427 3 

73 F O R D L T D h a s e v e r y t h in g 
Im m a c u la te *179* trade, 342 2o93 
1971 F o rd L T D one owner, 4-door, 
38.OOO m iles *189* 
A sk for o V 
433-1464 

I i F O R D L T D S t a t io n W a g o n , 
!3.ooo actual m iles, not a scratch, ike new, r a d 'O. heater, a n , auto, 
>ew tires IJSIX) C all F re d Sem aan, 
'36 2o6o after SP M 
7o F o r d L T D S t a t io n W a g o n 
9 passe nger, auto 
*498 3*27 
C uleb ra 

'71 F O R D L T D 
V I, o u to .. pow er, fa c to ry a ir, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
*149* Will trode 923 2883 
'7 4 F o r d M a v e r ic k , o n e o w n e r 
2o,ooo m iles 838 6 j u piter 7 694 o3o3 
'6 * * o 8 o M u stan g, ext. condition 
C an a tle ' SP M . 6*4 141o 
_______ 
F O R D M U S T A N G 
6 * 
S t a n d , i speed, 6 ty) C le a n ' *e *o 4x2 623o 
7) F O R D P IN T O W a go n L u * ruck, air, rebuilt eng with appt ox 
*o4o m i A sk in g *1ooo 4*3-3627 
_ _ _ 
T i F O R D T O R IN O Air, tuttv toad ed Good condition 828 1478 d a y s; 
4 *4 7)T» wights______________________ 
7 ) F o rd T o rin o B ro u g h a m 2 door hardtop R e al nice F u lly equipped 
826 9*63, *81 W H 
______ 
F O R D T O R IN O W a go n, I i Load- 
PH. pest Otter 344 7366 
71 F O R D T O R IN O G T 
Sp orts roof, 2 d a w tit., 3o2 V 8. std , r u n s g r e a t , S IS O f ir m 
P r iv a t e 

F O R D V A N 6 cyl , clean, low m i 
M u st se ll' *749* *32 o877 
72 F O R D W ago n loaded, nice. lake up p aym en ts 924 467) 
*968 Fo r F a irla n e $129* One ow ner 
3o,oo4 m iles A sk tor G rog, 433 1464 
G a la x ie 73 Se d a n N a tio n a l c o m ­ p any executive d rive n All origina l e x tr e m e ly g o o d c o n d itio n *1 *o o c o sh Auto Fair, 3*1* C uleb ra 
68 G a la x y 4 d o o r equipped A sk in g lf h a r d to p 
Tut I % 
5o 653 1927 
7 * G R A N A D A 4 Cyl , slo n d . A M , a ir, p ow er ste e rin g . * new tire s 
828 347*. 824 7493 

7S G R A N A D A 2-DR 
T ake over p ay m en ts, no eq u ity . < 
John Slim e 349 6948 
I i G R A N A D A , lo a d e d 
T o k e up p ay m e n ts N o dow n call 
M o n o , 
272 8411 
/J G R A N A D A 
Excellent conqitn____________________ 
It G ra n a d a Sp ort C ou p e,'lo u d e n 
A M - F M tope Sp e c ia l oeal on o ny con C an M a ria , ??7 xxi 1 
__ 
I i G R A N O F R IX L J L oad ed A sx tor S o n n y 
W o rk 
224 4241. b ite s otter 3 pm 655 39/j 

 id, a m re o 

G ra n d Torino 7 4 Sedan E xecutive d riv e n *4,ooo m iles P e rfo rm s like new A sk in g *24oo, will lake trou t 
43* 1641 

 it G R A N M A R Q U IS Lood ed with e v e ry th in g O n ly 72oo m ile s p lu s 4 m o w a rran ty 494 IJ 7? 
72 d R A N 'p R i iieog> M', 
E vc ellen! cc 
7* 491 Joel 
7o G R A N P R I X 
F u lly e q u ip p ed 
N e w tire s b ro k e t, sh o c k s 69,ooo nil *1 lf*. M r 
M ille r: 734 4311, 8 * w eekdays 

73 G R A N P R IX , tike new, 26,ooo m i 

47 O L D S *29o C A S H 
A utom atic 3*14 CUI th ru 
7 4 O L D S C u sto m c ru ise r w a g o n loaded 
E xce lle n t cond 
*3 *9 * 
344 41 It 
7* O I B S C 

7* O L D '. ( U I L A S S S E D A N V 
O' B est O I ten M u st S c ih 341 o8) 

7 * O ld s C u t la s s S a lo n , 2 13.OOO m ile s O n e o w n e r 
* 4 * 9 } 828-63** atter I 696 o3o3 

*74 O ld s C u t l a s s S u p r e m e , o n e ow ner 
*3*94 
828 6 3 ** after 
69* o3o3 

74 O L D S C U T L A S S S o lo n 
W hite with b row n top Exce lten t cond side, and out *32oo C all 6 o lo 4 8 o o r 
341-9274. 
73 O LD S C U T LA SS 
Toke over p aym ents, no eaoili 
John Slim p 349 6948 

7 * O L D S C U T L A S S 44? 
Rec 
A h tie-' 
*odio, 
V/HSo 

"7 T S I a * c 

»vtff b ucke ts f, 
*Y I fob, 23..IMIG 
4261 w e ekd ay 

- 
Red wtth 
M F M topf rn. V e a l of t til 5 3o 

 jU q %% 
N m'atop 122oo 
S u p 
4 777 
4 a o b 

69 O L D S Delta, 4 d r 
*8,ooo m i 
Owner R u n s excellent A sh in g *7*o 
M u st setl 
HH* w e ekend 
W ayn e 
494 ‘,884 

7 3 O lds D elta 66 4 dour A real nice ta r 
N e m oney dow n 
Coil John i i i o984 

'68 P L Y M O U T H , v e ry good $29* 
661 3oo4; 661-4741 

Call 
225-1666 

Just s a y “ C h a rg e It” 

Theres 
Money 
Hidden 
In Your 
Home! 

Fastest 
Results in 
Town 

Exptess-News 
Merchandise 
Mart 
Quality 
Items at 
Discount 
Prices 

Call 
225-1666 

Regular Classified 
Rates 
(open or contract) 

66 P L Y M O U T H V IP hardtop. *225. 
A s Is, m ake otter 732-3824 

'76 Plym outh Volare 
Take up paym ents, no eauity, C all 
Joh n Sum p, 349 6948 
7o P O N T A IC Catalina, 4 door, auto, a ir, p o w e r G o o d t r a n s p o rt a t io n 
*595 financing a vailable 224 441o 
68 P O N T I A C 
Call 684 78o3 
A ir, p o w e r, *4 9 * 

75 P O N T I A C A S T R E 4 s p e e d adio. h e a te r, m a g w heel. V e r y le a n ' *74*o. 69o 1958 
'69 P o n lia t , auto air, pow er 
R u n s perfect *495 734 o515 
P O N T I A C '76 B o n n e v ille 4 d o o r 
B r o u g h a m , 7ooo m i 
C o m p le t e ly electric, tally loaded Cost *86oo. sell 
*65oo 492 241 I l l Pontiac C atalina 2-door hardtop 
G ood looking, good tran sp o rta tion 
N o m oney down. Coll John, 222 o986 
73 P O N T IA C F ire b ird , loaded, nice, toke up p aym en t*, 924-6671 
68 P O N T IA C G P. Clean, coupe 1st 
*495 73? 3824 

74 P O N T IA C G ra n Sa to ri w ogon, good cond *34oo 653 4o3o 
69 P O N T IA C G TO, 4 sp e ed . m aculate, coli 924-*626 
7 1 P O N T I A C L e M o n s S p o r t s coupe fully equipped clean *128*. 
9Q°otinam ing a vailable 274-441o 
7 3 P O N T IA C L E M A N S 
Loo d ed s?4 9* 

T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo S A N P E D R O 
341 13*6 
68 P O N T IA C L e M a n s , st a n d a rd 
79,ooo m i *6*o 684 4636 
P on tia c L e M o n s W aqon. '72, Air a d io is cr b is e . 
A M F M 
C B e c e v e r 
I O w ner, excellent tone), 
2 JDO 681 t !8j 

74 Pontiac LeMans 
4 Door. outo. air. pow er ste e rin g b ro k e s E x tra clean 
*2789 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H C R O S S 
19o) S W M a llo ry 922 6317 
'71 P o n tia c L e M a n s S e d a n 2-door hardtop WSO 3*27 C uleb ra 
1972 P on tiac L u x u r y L e M a n s , one ow ner E xce lle n t condition 828-63SS 
Otter I 696-o3o3 
68 P O N T IA C . N ew VS, auto , pow er, fa c t o r y a ir like n ew 
* 9 9 * 
W ill trade 923 2883 l l P O N T IA C S A F A R I W A G O N 
Im m acu late ! L oad ed *249* 344 *727 
1973 Pontiac S a ta n W agon, loaded 
I o w n e r. *2,395. Se e at T u c k e r s 
Texaco, 
31oJ 
N aco gdo che s, 

74 P on tia c Statio n w a g o n , t m * 
A sk For W ood 433 1468 t i P O N T 12 paw er air 1 
C V e n t u r a V 8. u uto 

1969 R A M B L E R A M B A S S A D O R 
ST A T IO N W A G O N , Red, Autom atic, air clean. *85o 653 3797 
‘72 S k y la r k 4 d oor hard top , 
*99o 3*27 C uleb ra 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
BA N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227-5o41 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts on m y 1973 
G oloxieiO Q A sk tor W oody, 433 1468 
Take over p ay m e n ts on '73 C utlass 
Su p re m e N o equity C a ll 824-o9)8 otter 7 922 7757 

Toke over p a y m e n t* on 7 4 N O V A 
N o e q u ity 
C a ll 824 o918 a s k fo r 
Fred, otter I 913 I I H 

T o k e o v e r p a y m e n t s on 
I t F i ­ rebird N o equity Colt 824 o918 a sk tor Fred, otter I m i n i 

T A K E U P P ay m e n t*, on 71 C h e vy 
M alibu, looded 924 *626 
74 T B IR D Gold, with gold leother interior E v e r y option except su n ro o f 
16,ooo m ile s, o r ig o w n e r. 
***o o 6*3 187o 
7 o T B IR D Lan d au , auto. air, pow er s t e e r in g , no e a u it y , t a k e up paym ents, R a n d y 681 3692 

77 
T B IR D 
222 134? 
M u st sell! 
*1*7*. 

7 4 T - B I R D 

76 T H U N D E R B I R D 

P A R A M O U N T M O T O R S A L E S 
62oo s F l o r e s 
973 //ii 

74 THUNDERBIRD 

M ^ N f 
C M D 

71 T O R IN O ? auto air 
Pow er ru n s perfect *99* 349 9?3* 
7o f 6 b iN ( 5 Auto ait , i ciuof. 1.1-a fires very clean 34? 6327, eves 
7 4 " T O r ! n 6 
J doer, nice take p aym ents, 924-6471 
71 T orino SOO 2 
Sport root T A K E 
T R A D E 724 69*4___________ 

It T O R IN O . R E P O ! 
Toke up p aym en ts 923 7761 
74 T < 5 rO N A O O 134/5 
C A L L 
341-9412 
T S U O N A D O ” 
1971 
T O R O N A D O , 
Excellent condition 
M U S T S E L L I t i l t n t , 6*3 5o34 
7* t o 4 6 n I d o f V,!1 s a c itif e 349 557o 
T T T S y o T a C onite 

 lf you're like most 

 people, you pro­ 

 bably have all kinds 

 of m oney hiding in 

 the form of good 

 things you don't use 

 anym ore. Turn these 

 items into ready 

 cash today . . . 

Place Your Ad in the 

E x p r e s s - N e w s 

MERCHANDISE 
MART 

Call 
225-1665 
Just say “C harge It” 

Q: W hen 

 w a s 

Bogey bom ? 

A: Humphrey Bogart w as born in 1899. 
More facts on thousands of stars of the past and present. 
Academ y Award w inners and other celebrities may be found in The 1977 
World Alm anac — the book that’s a dozen books in one. Get your star-studded 
World Alm anac and 
Book of Facts today at our public service counter, bookstore, new sstands, super­ m arkets or wherever quality reading is sold. Also available by mail with the coupon below. Mail orders add 6 o cents for postage and handling 

 in the 
Merchandise 
Mart 

Call 
225-1666 
Express/News 
Iked 
Cash? 

I i N O V A loodBiJ 
71 M A V E R IC K O d arr to C U T L A S * 2 dr loaded ii P IN T O W agon, std .... 
7? M A T A D O R , auto air 
66 M U J ! A N G V I. 4 speed 
S M IT H ’S Used Cor* 
7o* S A L A M O 
U t 

 ilk/* 
*169* 
*159* 
*1 *9 * 
*139* 
*1o9* 
*69* 

144 

Tok 
74 Olds Delta BB o w go v m f ru*, n e oauity, 
S u m p 349 694* all 

66 O L D S 4 door Or-tlo I i New w hit* paint r a d io ' tir e * clee w in d o w *. air. p ow er b ra k e *. *te « rm g . G o o d 
Cond. H ig h m ile age 
*33 *151, n it ** 344 721* 
O L D S 88 7?" T d a c if''. new "fir ex. "im - m a c u la t e ! 
* 1 7 9 * 
C o l l W a r r ) * 

T R A D E W IN D S AUTO SA L E S 
•WE F IN A N C E * 
JDO? SW M i l IT A R i 
972 ?7()3 
U 5 C G C A F * 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

 i f U U 

Credit 
A p p lication * accepted phone 
341 9412 

 by 

74 V E C A E x p r e * * d e liv e ry panel 
O.lb *99* 333 81*2 
74 V E G A G T low mt *I*> jO or be*! otter M a rk , 341 1812 

 f r I 

 ft I r 
I l f fill 

 t 

 i n I A i t TO P lA C t A ix ra m m iw * 
••M N I e n o n , m n * 

 l l 

S T J f 

Sell no lo n g e r n e e d e d h o u se h o ld ite m s in the 

E x p re ss-N e w s 

Merchandise 
Mart 

 rn I * u words s O 
H i l l TIME! ft 

5 DAYS IXPRISS-S OATS NfWS 
Gall 
225-1666 

Jus* sa y “ C h a rg e It” 

Theres 

■ a a aMoney 
Hidden 
In Your 
Home! 

4 
2 
^ 

W A N T A D S 

A R E S T A R 

P E R 
F O 
R 
M 
E R S ! 
Call 
225-1666 

STARTS 
TOMORROW 
MONDAY 

1 o a.m.TO 6 P.M. 

CONTINUES... SAYINGS 
LIKE NEVER BEFORE SEEN 
FAMOUS NAME BRANDS • KROEHLER 
FRKHDAIRE • LAMBOY • BASSETT • KING- 
NOIL • MAYTAG . HIGHLAND HOUSE 
• ALEXANDER SMITH • INTERNATIONAL 

9o DAYS 
NO FINANCE CHARGE 
UP IO 
36 MONTHS 
IO PAY 

 r 
• BURLINGTON .GENERAL ELECTRIC . SUNBEAM 
BROYHILL • ZENITH • SEALY • DIXIE • TAPPAN 
• SIMMONS • QUASAR . WHIRLPOOL . BERNHARDT 
AND MANY MORE OTHERS 

MITAL FOLDING 
| 
SAMSONITE 
CHAIRS 
► 

WOOD 
ROCKERS 

K 
V 
V 
W 

 i nOo 

$ 2 2 ° ° i 

. 
..... 
BEDDING 
3/3 TWIN SIMMONS 
I^QOO m a t t 
O 
ONLY 
! 
FULL SIZE *48 

CHAISE 
LOUNGERS 
$ 3 3 o o 

EVERYTHING 
... 
M ANY MORE ITEMS NOT LISTED 
MANY ONE OF A KIND 

STEAM & DRY 
IRONS 

* 
8 

BEAN B A G S 

ASSO RTED C O LO R S 
*9 

ALL SUES 
SIMMONS St S t AIV 
BEDDING 
REDUCED TO SEU 

FULL SIZE 
SLEEPER SOFA 
M SO 
ALL 
ACCESSORIES 

12 CU. FT. 
FREEZER 
I 'B M 
*299 

 t 

L 

SAVINGS OF 
3o%-4o%-5o% 

AND UP IO 

WASHER 

* 
2 
5 
6 

I 
1 2 " B A W T V 
I 
*138 
I 
DINETTES 
I 
S 4 
7 
O O 

12 CU. FT. 
REFRIGERATOR | 

* 
2 
4 
4 

FIRST COME FIRST SERVE 

NO EXCHANGES 

NO REFUNDS 

SUNBEAM 
: COFFEE M AKER 

I 
DELUXE IO 
' CUP DRIP 
^ § 

P 
V 
W 
W 
V 
W 
W 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
W 
V 
W 
V 
W 
W 
W 
' a P 
NEW SHIPMENTS ARRIVED i i 
ON BEDROOM SUITES LIVING 
<8 
ROOM SUITES 
4 DINING ROOM SUITES 
' I 

ALL M UST B t SOLD I 
APT. SIZE 
G A S RANGE 
*154 

ALL 
DECORATOR 
MIRRORS 
'I 
REDUCED 
: 

AIL 
JUVENILE 
FURNITURE 
MUST GO! 

.... 
”• .......- - l l 
CARPET REMNANTS 
I 
1 2 x 1 6 
*98 jj 
BLEDSOE 
DELIVERY 
UP TO 
ISO MILES 

». 
• 
-'A-'.Kl?* .Vr, .!U 

Alamo Heights • Central Park • Windsor Park Mall 

Last Is least now during SatePs Final Markdown Sale. It’s the last price reduction on sale items in all three stores. Terrific clothing buys at their lowest price ever. Which all goes to prove that he who shops last — pays least. During Satel’s Final 
Markdown Sale. 
Large Group of Suits 

Were $15o.oo to $295.oo.. .Now $69.99 to $ 149.99 
Large Group of Sport Coats 

Were $85.oo to $125.oo ______ ......................Now $39.99 
Pants 
Sport Shirts 
Were $25.oo to $3o.oo 
NOW $ 1 5 .9 9 Were $15.oo to $2o.oo .... Now $ 9 .9 9 
Were $32.5o to $37.5o 
NOW $ 1 9 .9 9 Were $21.5o to $3o.oo 
Now $ 1 4 .9 9 
Were $4o.oo to $45.oo 
NOW $ 2 3 .9 9 Were $31.5o to $4o.oo 
Now $ 1 9 .9 9 
Were $47.5o to $55.oo 
NOW $ 2 7 .9 9 Were $41.5o to $5o.oo 
Now $ 2 4 .9 9 

Sweaters & Long Sleeve Knit Shirts 
Dress Shirts 
Were $15.oo to $2o.oo 
Now $ 9 .9 9 Were $15.oo to $2o.oo 
NOW $ 9 .9 9 
Were $21.5o to $3o.oo 
Now $ 1 4 .9 9 Were $2o.oo to $3o.oo 
Now $ 1 4 .9 9 
Were $31.5o to $4o.oo 
NOW $ 1 9 .9 9 

Sale prices apply to Big & Tall Man’s sizes at Central Park Store only. 

C I A R A N I I I I) AC CF. P T A NC I . 

I A O I 
C W N C ) I iii l l K N M ) D O W N j " 
A"L f * \ 

<£Miarantre£ POU Hospital Cash Protection from the I ER) FIRST D I V. . . up to 
M C I lr 
T 

’ r li t i I 
L W I. I. Iv 

:rf 
I K O T H 

 ult en un J a r o 5 

P ay s Y on C ash direct, 
* Pays Y o u Cash fo r life 

 o r a n y o n e y o u c h o o s e . if ne cessary. 

Pa \s Y o u (. ash 
P a y V on C ash l o r 

 regardless o f any o t h e r both cov ered a c c i d e n ts 

 p lans you have. and illnesses. 

National H o m e Life Assurance C o m p a n y — Established 1 9 2 o 
56th Anniversary A d m . Offices: Valley Forge , Pa. lT 

Budget Plans Also Available— See Inside For Details 

 r t i i n t mcssaa c from lr/ iin k lc t t c r 

Dear Friend, 

— 
You and I both know that hospital-medical prices have been sky rocketing to heights few of us can afford. 

They've already doubled since 1968 and show no signs of slowing down." 
That's why you NEED cash protection like the National Home Health Plan, and you can still get it at rates that have stayed at the same low level since 1973. 

This cash benefits plan pays direct to you or anyone you choose. 
In other words, YOU CONTROL this money. 
Our checks are made out direct to you. 
How and when you use your money is your decision alone. 

And this plan pays regardless of any other plans you may have, including Medicare and Workmen's compensation. 

So, send for this plan today, while you're thinking of it. 
If you don't feel completely happy with your protection you can send it back within 
15 days for a complete refund. 

Sincerely, 

Member, Board of Directors, and has a financial interest in the Company 

' Ameri can Hospital Association 

Don’t be caught short of cash again. 
Many group insurance plans like Blue Cross or the one you have at work may not pay all the bills. 
They don’t pay for a whole list of things . . . Outside specialists. 
Transfusions. Special nurses. Special Equipment. Surgery. M edicines. 
A private room. Ambulance. Anti much more. 
Ask anyone you know who’s been in the hospital lately how tough it can be to make ends meet, even with the finest most reliable health plan. 
That’s why millions of Americans today have some form of extra protection. And that’s why everyone should have the National Home 
Health (Man. 

( 
N A T IO N A L L IB E R T Y C O R P ., 1 9 7 6 
M A T E R IA L M A Y N O T R L R E P R O D U C E D IN W H O L E O R IN PA R T 

TIII' XATIOXAI. IIOMi: ll HAITH IMAX 

F I R S T D A Y C A S H B E N E F I T S P A Y S Y O U U P T O 
K 'M M K ) Ax I»A S y 
Ax M O X I 't l 

$4o.oo a day 
$ 1,2oo.oo a month 
These benefits sta rt the very first day of hospitalization, and continue for life if neces­ sary , for each covered accident or illness, when under 65. 

$16o.oo a day 
$4,8oo.oo a month 
T hat’s $8o.oo a day ($2,4oo.oo a month) for you—and $8o.oo a day ($2,4oo.oo a month) for your spouse, when any covered accident hospitalizes insured husband and wife a t the same time. Yes, you collect a t the rate of $16o.oo a day ($4,8oo.oo a month) in all (when under 
65) while both of you are in the hospital—even for life. 

$2o.oo a day 
$6oo.oo a month 
Begins the very first day when over 65 for any covered acci­ dent or illness. A fter 2 months, if you are still in the hospital, you then receive $4o.oo a day 
($1,2oo.oo a m onth) even for life. 

$8o.oo a day 
$2,4oo.oo a month 
You collect at the rate of $8o.oo a day ($2,4oo.oo a m onth) when both insured husband and wife are over 65 while both are hos­ pitalized a t the same time for a covered accident. 

$2,5oo OO or $5,ooo.oo 
Accidental Loss Cash 
Benefits 
For complete accidental loss of limbs or eyesight. If you suffer complete loss of a hand or foot or the sight of an eye within 9o days of any covered accident, you collect $2,5oo.oo 
—$5,ooo.oo for the loss of two limbs or the sight of both eyes. 
$13.33 a day 
$4oo.oo a month 
Nurse at Home Cash 
Benefits 
For a registered or licensed practical nurse for an 8-hour shift at home if your doctor has you hire one within five days following a covered hos­ pital confinement. 
Benefits continue for as long as your covered confinement — up to one full year. 
$4o.oo a day 
Maternity Cash Benefits 
For m aternity care in the hos­ pital when coverage for Chil­ dren and M aternity Benefits have been added to the basic plan. Both parents m ust be in­ sured a t the time of conception, and for the entire pregnancy. 
$24.oo a day 
$72o.oo a month 
Children’s Cash 
Benefits 
When your child is hospital­ ized for any covered accident or illness, when you have Cov­ erage for Children— no m atter how long the confinement may he. Coverage begins the very first day in the hospital. in 

NO 
DEDLCTIBl.ES 

25< lets your entire family try the 
National Home Health Plan for one full m onth! 
First Day Plans 
Pays from j 
Plan A 

$1,2oo.oo 

 sn 

 or illne' a day 

 a m onth 
$ 3 o .o o a day 
$ 9 o o .o o a m onth 
I 

................................... $ 9.3o................................................$ 7.2o 
4°-4 4 ................................... $1o.5o........... tc 
$ 8 .1 o 
45' 49................................... $11.7o. . .. . * ^ o 
.$ 9.oo 
................................... $12.9o.................................... 
J 9.9o 
55-64................................... $13.5o.. 
65-74................................... $14.1o.. 
75-79...................................$15.9o.. 
8o and over............................ $18.9o.. 

 do*’* e 
\oc*e * 
®*V°* 
$1o.35 et o id ^ ' 
$1o.8o 
..................................$12.15 
$14.4o 

All Y’our C h ild ren............$ (5.84.................... 
Children & M aternity . . . $ 9.84___ . 

Budget Flans 

..................... $ 5.13 
.......................$ 7.38 

With a 
F lan C 
$ 4 o .o o a day 
$ 1 ,2 o o .o o a m onth 
$ 3 o .o o ii day 
$ 9 o o .o o a m onth 
.. -r** ; 

16-39................................... $ 5.1o..................... 
4o-44................................... $ o.3o____ 
45-49................................... $ 7.5o____ 
5o-54...................................$ $.7o____ docs 
55-64................................... $1o.5o____ l° cJ 
65-7-4................................... $11. 1o. . . . 
75-79...................................$12.3o..............9 
HO and over........................ 
$15 3o 

....... 

..................... $ 4.o5 t a t e ............$ 4.95 
N O f ............$ 5.85 
6.75 vou 
............$ 8 . 1 o o \d et............$ g 55 
.....................$ 9.45 

AU Y’our C h ild ren............$ 4 38 
Children & M aternity . . . $ 
7 3 $ 

 of fbi 
'**' hanged it flier** is a general rat.- a d j u s t in.-iit on all iioli.-i,-, or tins class iii your e n tire state. 

„„ " -■‘v Oenetits >oil collect and tin- nremiutii you nay depend on the plan 

L l . M d I I L I Ult I IlUfel. }■•> ANH U t LU. All plans provide those Cm and over with ..ti c of the Daily Hospital Benefit fo r the first JHI da vs of lion . .. lOO'-c thereafter. of hospitalism- 

•r Nurse at Home and the same as in Plan A. 
P L A N S It \ I > pay 75'5 of I Man A for all ben. fits except f. 
Accidental I nsmembermerit. These 2 benefits are exactly ti.. 
.*• * ■«** -»• 
P L A N S I' A I > co st less. but do not pay for the first 5 days of hospital confinement due to sickness. (There is no deductible or "wuitiug period" for accidents.) 
RLtiAKPl.Mi tll'TlUNAL CmLDlULVS LLNLiTl'L- T his benefit covers all your unmarried dependent children from birth through IS years and pays IM) 7c of the adult hospital benefit. In all plans, newborn children from birth to 31 days of age are covered from the first day of hospitalization for illness. 

It’s Easy to Get. Send Today! 
1. Choose the plan you w ant and fill out the application form . 
2. 
Mail it w ith your 25^ in the reply envelope. 

3; lr-! 

First Day Plans 
Budget Plans 

Plan A 
$ 4 o .o o ADAY 
$ 1 ,2 o o .o o A MONTH 
Plan It 
$ 3 o .o o A DAY 
$ 9 o o .o o A MONTH 

Plan ( 
$ 4 o .o o A DAY 
$ 9 o o .o o A MONTH 
Plan I) 
$ 3 o .o o A DAY 
$ 1 ,2 o o .o o A MONTH 

N atio n al Hom e Life A ssurance Co. 
A Missouri Stock Co. 
Administrative Offices: Valley Forge, Pennsylvania 

I Please P rin t I 
MR. 
Name MRS. 
MISS 
Mwt 

Address 

City 

M s i d l e I n i t i a l 

S t r e e t o r K I) # 

State 

L a s t 

Zip 
Male □ 
Female □ 
Age 
Date of Birth 
__ _ 
Month 
Day 
Year 
□ Check here if you w an t C overage for Your Children. 
□ Check here if you w an t Coverage for Y our C hildren and M a te r­ nity Benefits. 
List all dependents to be covered under this Plan: (DO NOT in­ clude name that appears above. Use separate sheet if necessary.) 

N A M E 
(Plena. Print ) 
R E L A T IO N ­ 
S H IP 
SEX 
D A T E O F BIRTH 
A G E 
MONTI! 
DAY 
YEAH 
I 
2 

3 
4 
5 

Please enroll me and all listed dependents. I understand that the policy will become effective when issued. I also understand that any injury or sickness which has been m anifest or for which I or any person listed have been medically advised or treated during the 12 month period immediately prior to the Effective Date of Coverage will not be covered during the first year. 
Signature X 
Date 

N U A 111 721 
N H 2 & - 1 o 7 2 K T E X B P O 5 ( 1 2 o o OOO) 

H7746 TX 
Licensed by the State of Texas 

OH-I) 
o9-H 

C D 
OU 
SE 

 v 
Don’t m iss your chance to get this valuable protection! at rates that have stayed the same since 1973. 

More than I ()().(IOO people pay $4.o5 to $18.9o a month for Hospital Cash 
Protection like this. 

Now you can get your first month's protection for just 25C. 

K \ 

C I A R A M I I I) ACC I P l A MCK. 
■f M il 
( ANNOT Kl 
U HM I) DOWN f“ 

Guarantees non Hospital Cash Protect ion 

 from the V E R Y F I R S T D A Y . . . u p to 
* " VAn A I I T r n 
. 

A WISK 

■MMfMMta 

A t) 

 when under o 5 

P ays Y o u C a s h direct, 
• Pays Y o u Cash fo r life 

 or a n y o n e y o u clumse. if necessary. 

Pays Y o u C a s I. 
• Pa vs Y o u C a s h fo r 

 rega rdless o f any o t h e r both co v er ed a c c id e n ts 

~ 
^ 

 kl 

National Home Life Assurance Company— Established 192o 
Subsidiary of National Liberty Corporation 
-J 

EXPRESS NEWS 
UNDAY 

January 9,1977 
M i t t e n X I M€* 

Camera 

 in hands/ 

 now relax 

(letting fuzzy pictures? 

It may be your camera. The lens may not be sharp. The mirrow shock absorber may be worn out. 

Maybe the ground glass has moved out of the focal plane. Maybe the lens flange is loose 

Maybe your eyes are out of focus or maybe the whole world moved when you tripped the shutter. Earthquakes happen. 

Probably it was a jerk at the camera! 

When fuzzy p ic tu re s , p a r tic u la rly enlargements are returned from the pro­ cessor, the first culprit to suspect is ca­ mera shake 

UNLESS THE CAMERA is completely still in relation to the subject, some fuz­ ziness will result regardless of shutter speed 

Before you junk out your cam era or remove and replace your eyes, make sure you’re not mishandling your camera. 

Place the problem cam era on a sturdy tripod Focus with your usual care on a detailed target — a lens test chart is a very good subject for this test. 

Put enough light on the subject to en­ sure a relatively high shutter speed and a middle f-stop. About 1/125 of a second at f-K would be a good choice. 

The exposure should be in the range where you are having problems with the fuzzies. 

RELEASE THE S H U T E R either with a sh u tter release cord or use the self timer. Keep your shaky hand off the ca­ mera while the exposure is being made. 

If the results of this test are still fuzzy, the camera is the problem. If the pictures are sharp — much more likely — your shaky hand is causing the problem. 

Like a dive from the high board, where form is everything and a belly flop can hurt, there is a correct way to hold a camera and a correct form or stance when taking pictures. 

With feet together, the body forms a unipod Any breeze will make it sway. 
Spread the find and term a bipod — twice as ridged as a unipod 

Lean against a watt or pole and form a tripod With shoulders pushed to a wall firmly but without tension, shutter speed one to two times longer than normal may show little fuzziness. 

Photo Tips 

With Ron 
Jones 

Your Christmas camera is by now out of 

 its crate and on its way to keeping a 

 record of family events, vacations and 

 pleasant pasttimes. But you say your 

 pictures aren't all you had hoped. Ron 

Jones offers some advice here on the 

 fundamentals of camera use. 

R e la x 1 opening 

Full Colbr Porter of 
Spider-Man 

SEE TODAY’S CENTERFOLD 

Don't an tic ip ate the s h u tte r 

T H t lf K(H\(i lf A I lo hold a r a m r r u it* d em o n n trated bv K ipper E ith er a s she tries to steady the body with h e r H uger tips. W itll this m ethod, all the weight is hanging in front o f the ca m e ra body causing m ovem ent and a fuzzy im age. 

HOLD A HEAVY cam era so that the weight is in the palm and directly over the wrist. F in g ers should be used only to manipulate controls . . not to support the camera, 
. 

I have seen novices trying to hold a camera, with a five pound, 3oomm lens, hanging out front, without touching the lens. 

They grip the ca m e ra body between their fingers and palm without concern for where the cam era’s center of gravity may fall. 

That is no way to get sharp pictures. 

The left hand should grip the lens focus rin g . Bend the left w rist so th at the fingers point more or less away from the ca m e ra and the weight of the c am era rests in the palm rath er than the web between index finger and thumb. 

HOLD THE CAMERA only in the left hand and adjust the grip so that the ca­ mera tends to rest level. 

The right hand keeps the cam era from rotating around the axis of the lens and releases the sh u tter and advances the film. 

Now relax 

Tension also causes fuzzy pictures, lf your muscles are xtrained, no amount of concentration will insure sharp pictures. 

Press the shutter release button like the trig g e r of a gun Smooth and steady. 
Don’t jab, squeeze 

Concentrate on smoothness and sharp pictures will almost ulwa.vx In* the result. 

7 H E ( O H H M V lf .I I lo hold a canieru i» lo place (he ce n te r of gravity iii (he palm o f the left h and. Note that the left th u m b and index linger are on the focti«ing ring. T h e right hand lightly grip* the cam e ra hod* and the right index linger prr**e«* sh u tte r release. 

Eagles (plus W alsh): 

Preservatives 
A new sound 

Tho V ietnam ese once believed the Hoa Viet flower, which represents their national spirit, could only grow in their native land. But now i f s in full bloom at 3244 Broadway. 
Tho delicate flower has come to San Antonio in tho form of both a musical group which takes its name from the bloom and a unique restaurant featuring Vietnamese food. 
The Vietnam Restaurant and the Hoa Viet band are proof another culture is being added to the city’s multi-ethnic texture. 
To most people though, the word Vietnam brings up painful thoughts of demilitarized zones, napalm and a war many would rather forget. 
But w alk th ro u g h the door of the restaurant on 
B roadw ay and those thoughts will be replaced with something completely different — people working hard to fit their culture into 

It is a terrible thing to say about someone, but if any rock group in recent years has typified Califor­ nia, it has been The Ea­ gles. 
Their’s is Los Angeles studio-perfect rock. The conceptions are im m acu­ late. Every note is clean; every harmony flawless. 
It may be beautiful. But in California, as everyone knows, beautiful is the first half of the word. “ Beauti­ ful, baby.” 
Technically, the music ta n only be faulted for being faultless. All too perfect, too synthetic. Like a vinyl orchid. 
It is easy to say that we are all being fixed up with artificially induced music by some California com ­ puter dating service. 

IT IS NOT easy any­ more. Like Frankenstein’s monster, Tile Eagles, who were created out of all those flashing lights and switches on the studio con­ trol board, are out of con­ trol. And they have turned on their master. 
Hotel 
C a lifo rn ia ” 
(Asylum), their latest al­ lium, could lie their best. 
And it is an open attack on tfie state of mind known as 
California. 
It will strike sheer joy into the hearts of everyone who has ever thought that it would serve all those pretty people out there right if they came down with pneumonia of the na­ vel. 

THE 
TITLE 
SONC opens the album com par­ ing California to a gaudy hotel with m irrors on the ceiling and pink c h a m ­ pagne on ice. 

But when you order a good wine, you are told: 
“ We haven’t had that spirit here since I HHH ." 

It is a place where you becom e T itfany-tw isled and get th e 
M erc ed es bends. There is. of course. an evil night clerk who savs you can never leave, but in truth, “ We are all prisoners here of our own dev ice.” 

Equally as strong is tin* song that d o st* the allium. 
"The Last Resort ” 

It too is about all tilt* people who cam e to the promised land and ended up devastating it and being devastated by it 
"They 

Playback 

 ca lied it paradise. I don’t know why.” 

The fact that all this sacnlignnis stuff is deli­ vered in the smooth Cali­ fornia tailored tones of The 
Eagles is just another bit of irony. 

Between those opening and closing blows, many of the songs on other themes contain r a th e r cynical commentary on a certain kind of lifestyle 

That’s what they have now instead of life, you know. 

THERE IS “ New Kid In 
Town,” which is about be­ ing new on the scene, talked about: “ They will never forget you until som ebody new com es along.” 

And there is “ Wasted 
Time.” Depending on your mood, the time wasted can reler to one romance or to the whole tnt. 
All of Life­ style. 

This is the first Eagles’ album without guitarist and lead sin g er Bernie 
Leaden. It is also the first with .Joe Walsh as a full- fledged Eagle 

The only obvious hitter- once is the addition of fine intricate guitar solos by 
Walsh. The sound is vir­ tually unchanged. 

But then California's a r­ tificial preservatives a s ­ sure that, don't you know? 

C HARLIE DANIELS has never been called smooth. 
That term just don’t go with som ebody who r e ­ sembles nothing so much as a jug 
(Sure. I know 
“don’t go” ain't right, but 

 added 

 listening to the 
Charlie. 
Daniels Band does that to you.) 

The COB, not to be con­ fused with the radio, goes for whooping, hollering eowboy-hat rock. 

It is real gut stuff about drinking, killing, playing ca rd s and o th e r p le a ­ santries. 

It is not that the songs are thoughtless. It is just that thought is beside the point. So are points for that matter. 

"We don’t worry about the things that we can’t see,” says perhaps the only lyric that needs repeating on the band’s new album. 
“ High Lonesome” (Epic). 

This is the kind of album where among the credits on the cover you expect to find special thanks “ to 
Hunts Sporting Goods for the am m unition.” Which you will. 

Among some of the best songs are “ Billy the Kid,” 
“ Roll Mississippi,” “ Ten­ nessee,” and 
“ Running 
With the Crowd.” There may be more that I missed while I was yellin’. 

YOU MAY NOT have heard of Colleen Peterson, but back in 19H8 a Cana­ dian magazine named her as the m ost p ro m isin g female vocalist of the year. 
Anne Murray was second. 

That still sounds about right on the basis of “ Be­ g in n in g 
To 
F eel 
Like 
Home” (Capitol). 

Although she includes two original songs, “ Sou­ venirs" and “ You’re Not the Only One,” her real strength is interpreting the songs of others. 

Of course, it doesn’t hurt when she chooses songs by som e of the best new songw riters. Rusty W'ier 
(“Don’t It Make You Wan­ na Dance” ) and .Jesse Wi- ehester (“ Brand New Ten­ nessee Waltz") and some of the great old ones. Mis- sissippi .John Hurt ( “ Rich­ land Woman Blues” ) and 
Willie Nelson (“ Sad Songs and Waltzes"). 

Ms. Peterson has a ver­ satile voice that is as ef­ fective on the downbeat blues as the upbeat rock. A welcome new face from 
I HHH 

American society, like se­ veral other ethnic groups before them. 
The restaurant, which is staffed and m a n ag ed by 
V ietnam ese refugees, fea­ tures what sea food enthu­ siasts will consider a bon­ anza — crab cooked seven different ways. 
Along with the cra b p lates, c u s to m e rs can choose from a selection of the usual Chinese dishes or v ietnamese specialties like chicken with hot peppers. 
Since all orders are pre­ p ared fre sh , th e re is an a v e rag e 1o-m inute wait d u rin g w hich c u s to m e rs can slip into a leisurely mood and sip some of the tangy house tea. 
Monday through Friday the restaurant’s clientele is the same as any other res­ taurant in the city during the noon and dinner hours. 
On Saturday night though, all that ch an g es. It b e­ comes the hub of San An­ to n io ’s 
2.5oo m e m b e r 
V ietnamese community. 
While the r e s ta u r a n t’s natural attraction for the refugees is it’s menu, the main draw is sim ply the o p p o rtu n ity to talk with their countrymen. 
For them the restaurant is a place to go and trade in fo rm atio n about th e ir jobs and fam ilies. And most of all it’s a place to recall the V ietn am they 

 knew prior to its 1974 fall. 
On many nights the focus of their nostalgia has been the Hoa Viet band. Organ­ ized by 
Dr. 
Bay 
Van 
Nguyen, the 1o-piece band is naturally something new and unique for San Antonio. 
C om posed larg e ly of young Vietnamese who en­ tertained in Saigon's plush night clubs and bars before the Com m unist takeover. 
Hoa V iet’s m usic blends 
W estern pop m usic rhythm s with Vietnamese folk songs. 

A d m itted ly the blend may cause som e cu ltu re shock to American ears and require a few m inutes of adjustment. 
Oven Lan, one of the band's female singers, ex­ plain s the 
V ietn am e se songs reflect the refugee's life during the past three tumultuous years 
Many of the songs are filled with ly ric s about p a ra tro o p e rs , ta n k s and bombs. But many of them 

 still have the timeless boy/ girl love theme. 
“ We try to sin g about 
Vietnam and the memory of the co u n try . We have love songs, but naturally much is connected with the m em ory of the w ar. It s very hard to forget the way it w as.” explains the soft­ spoken young woman. 
In addition to playing at the V ietnam R e sta u ra n t. the g ro u p finds re g u la r work at various functions for the 
V ie tn am e se community. 
And w hile the band m embers are proud of their c u ltu re , they ta k e g rea t pains to explain they are now V ietn an iese-A m e ri- eans and only want to add their music to the hodge­ podge of stv Ie and rhythms which makes up American music. 
So it probably won’t be long until the Hoa Viet band takes its place on the San 
Antonio scene along with oom-pah brass groups and strolling mariachis. 

'On The Records- 

T o p I O S in g le* 

1 Too Do* I 
Hove lo 
A S*o» — 
M iCoc 4 IM* Do* 
M 
2 Voy AMA# M* 
I A# Done mg 
Leo Soy#' 
3 y TK# N tgM 
Roc! S i#w ort 
4 I 
— Sfttri* W oodti 
5 C ot W a A — t o w to r c # 
6 lo 4# Th# Hot dm st Wotd 
§Ha*t john 
7 t >oii — inch to n g a Th# 
Mon ~ 
9 A tem TH# tow n — tnge'-tvrff Nvmp#fci-ncli 
1o Stow! Tort — iu#ton 

T o p I O A lb u m s 

1 $(•«<• Wood*! — Song, IO lh* A** ot Iii* 
2 loci** 
- Hot*! Col.Ion1 to 
3 lo tio n 
4 Wings On** Amenta 
4 Urn int light Oith**t>a - A N *» W o k ) •••.oui 
6 hot! S hw w f — A Night O n lh* lo n e 
J booth* I*other* — Th# fem o* th* booth** 
$ Pet** finm ptoa — I'am * too Com** Ah,* 
9 S teve MiNei t a o d — ti* like Ao fog!* 
IO linda Banilad* — Gi*ot*»t hilt* 

U I I I M I COM IM HO S T H U M M * M A S U I M 

PAG! 2 
IXPRiSS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—January 9, 1977 

TEE 
OLD-flOCSE JOBE IA I 

‘ 1977 
’ 

R GATALOG 

«! in*!*) 4a<(« 
44 lir 

 ll' P tH ti t I i i I" « 41-14 ii » > H I' t a * 

Old House 
Buying Guide 

 lf you have an old house, you’re already aware of how difficult it can be to find replacement parts for fixtures and furnishings. 
The publishers of the Old-house Journal will help you out with the 
Old-House Journal Buyers’ Guide, a catalog of products, materials and services for the restoration and decoration of vintage homes. 
The 4,286 products and services in the catalog include plumbing, hardware, fireplace accessories, original gas and oil lighting fixtures that have been wired, blacksmithing, salvage companies, paints, tin ceilings, flooring, and many, many others. The catalog is available by mail. 

1977 Old-House Journal Buyers* Guido/1 99 Berkeley 
Place / Brooklyn, N. Y., 11 217/$5.SO. 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-January 9, 1977 
PAGE 3 

C lassical 

SUNDAY m a g a zin e 
RON STRAIT-Editor 

BO X 2171, S A N A N T O N IO , 7B2 9 7 r n i t n r c m r m 
■ION THE COVERER 

Express-News welcomes Spider-Man to* its comic pages and Sunday funnies with a giant poster on today's centerspread. 
Ron Jones brings his Photo Tips up front to you. Best of the New Year to all. 

TOV ITJ 
I Kl I l f 
UNUSUAL 
THINGS TO OO A BUY IN SAN ANTONIO ANO OUR AREA. 
Hi-ho, 
Besilver! 

Bill Wells and Michael Mosser have gone through the looking glass. The two San Antonio men have set up a shop specializing in resilvering of mirrors and beveling of glass. 
Both services are difficult to find in San Antonio. 
One local company, in fact, said previously it had to send glass out of state to be beveled. 
In addition their company, Sunshine, does etching and silk screening on glass. Their service is available for new and antique glass and mirrors, and they're happy to work for dealers, interior decorators and individuals who want to refinish their own furniture. 

Sunshine Co./Resilvering A beveling/947 
W. Ashby/735-3196. 

W a * 
By ROBERT PINCUS 
M ostly M ozart, som e Schumann 
Philips Records has three new discs, all exceptionally fine, featuring pianist 
Alfred Brended, mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade and the Beaux Arts Trio. 
B rom ids newest is the first of (hope­ fully) a series covering Mozart’s solo piano music; this one on Philips (95oo 
o25) holds the K.331 and K 333 sonatas and the B-minor adagio. 
Brendel has already covered much of the Beethoven and Schubert piano terri­ tory for Philips, as well as eight Mozart piano concertos. Though this column has praised Brendel many times before, this release surely is tops. 
This is rem arkable 
Mozart piano work As always Brendel gives an individual profile, but never violates the style. 
His praising has suppleness and poetry, and his line sings as only the best pianists can make the instrum ent sound. 
The tone and textures are full, no sm all- sealed 
M ozart for 
Frederica 
Brendel. von Stade 
Next comes Mozart (from “ Nozze di 
Figaro,” “ Don Giovanni" and “Clemenza di Tito” ) and Rossini (from ‘‘Barbiere di 
Siviglia,” "O tello” and “General tola") arias sung by Frederica von Stade. The 
American mezzo is supported by Edo de 
Waart and the Rotterdam Philharmonic on Philips (95(H) o98). 
It is not hard to hear why Miss von 
Stade is one of today’s most popular opera stars. She has the range from firm lows to rounded tops, a lovely timbre arid warm expressivity. Add to this a dose of intelli­ gent musicianship, and you have a vocal art that is irresistible. 
The sparkle, humor and insouciance of her two Cherubim) arias from “ Figaro” are captivating. 
Lastly come two great 19th century chamber works for piano and strings, the 
Schumann E-flat piano quartet and his 
E-flat piano quintet. The music is played by the Beaux Arts Trio augm ented by violinist Dolf Bettelheirn and violist Sa­ muel Rhodes on Philips (95oo o65). 
The quartet is a worthy piece, but the quintet is something more — an everlast­ ing m asterpiece of the cham ber reper­ tory. 
The quintet has no lack of excellent recordings, going back to 
O ssip 
Gabrilowitsch with the Flonzaley Quartet in the 192os, Clifford Curzon with the budapest in the 5os, and in .stereo Artur 
Rubinstein with the Guarneri or Rudolf 
Safkin with the Budapest. 
Saying the c u rre n t P h ilip s release stands with these is enough, even if my preference still lays with the vigorous and dashing Curzon-Budapest reading. 

I “ The Best of San Antonio" 

Tractoring 
Keep On 

M aybe you can't afford to get into tractor pulls, that brawny form of drag racing with farm tractors pulls upwards of a ton in weight. 
But you probably can afford to get into miniature tractoring. 
J. E. Montgomery of American 
Model Designs sells motorized, authentically detailed metal trac­ tors that run about ten inches long. 
The exact replicas of bigger tractors have their own sled weights to pull, and the people who race them claim the thrill is the only that thing that s not miniaturized 

Miniature tractors / Ameri­ can Model Designs /J. E. 
Montgomery / 344-51 59. 

I 

SII 

> 
• 

CDQRDS aa)QRD 

BASIL ROBLEDO 
41o Bloomfield 
CENTRAL CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL 

Scholastics and leadership are areas in which Basil Robledo excels. Basil ranks number two in his senior class while at the same time serving as president of the student council. 
He has received school awards for achievement in German and religion classes, and is an NEDT commended student. A three-year member of the National 
Honor Society, he has earned high honors and scholarships throughout high school. 
The son of Antonio and Alice Robledo is treasurer of the bowling league, a col­ umnist for the school newspaper, and a member of the school dance committee, astronorny-physics club and the Booster Club. 
Basil belongs to his parish Catholic Youth Organization and was a delegate to the American Legion Boys’ State in Austin. He has participated in basketball and track. 
Playing the guitar, piano and trombone, reading, astronomy, literary writing and Greco-Roman history are some of his interests. Basil would like to study to be a medical researcher or biomedical engineer at MIT. 
The Optimist Club plans to honor Basil for his accomplishments. 

CONGRATULATIONS 

■ 
. 

E m a i l 

G LL o ffe rs new courses 

The C ontinuing E duca­ tion Department, Our Lady of the Lake U niversity, will offer two unusual classes for the spring sem ester. 
Aikido, a nonaggressive 
Japanese martial art. and an introductory course in 
Kundalini Yoga will begin classes in late January. 
The term Aikido m eans a way of mental and spiritual harmony and stresses the necessity for self discipline and personal grow th in order to attain true m as­ tery. 
The em phasis is on m en­ tal en ergy and flow in g m ovem en t ra th er than physical strength. t h e 
A ikido c la s s e s , which will be taught by 
Marylin Luduena, will start 
Jan. 17 and continue on 

Mondays, W ednesdays and 
Thursdays from 6 p.m . to 8 p.m. at the OLL cam pus. 
F ee for the course is $35-. 
K u n d a lin i 
Y o g a , the scientific application of the m ind’s directed energies to clean the subconscious and overcome m ental and phy­ sical traum as, will open classes Jan. 2J. 
T e c h n iq u e s will be taught in group c la sse s with individual counseling following. 
C. S. t'rissey will be in­ structor. A fee of $25 for the three-days a w eek cla ss will cover m aterials and books. 
Further inform ation on either of the co u rses is available from the Office of 
Continuing Education. OL­ 
LILA, 434-6711, ext. 191. 

TNE ACES* 

ON BRIDGE 
BV 
MA A. CONN JA. 

TIA N CAPTAIN 

PACI 4 
EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E -January 9,1977 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
We had an unfinished rub­ ber at rubber bridge. One side had made a part score and later the other side made a game Do both sides earn th e u n f i n i s h e d r u b b e r bonuses of 5o for the partial and 3oo for the gam e1' 

Scoring Problem s. Syracuse \ Y 

A nswer: No. When the gam e is made, all previous part scores are inactivated. 
The 5o point part score bonus is awarded only for active part scores. 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
I held this hand and passed over my right hand oppo­ nent’s opening of one dia­ mond <1 dido t want to double because of the doubleton club). LHO passed also and my partner reopened with one heart I jumped to three h ea rts and missed gam e 
Where did I go wrong'* 
My hand 

♦ K 98 2 
I» v 
: 

A q to 5 
98 3 
* A j 

P o lite In v ite [Jem opoii, Via 

A nsw er: 
I w ould have doubled one diamond in spite of the doubleton club. Atter your pass, the jump to three hearts urges partner to bid game if he can, but it may be difficult to correlate a prior pass with such a strong hand 
Perhaps a stronger invitation would be to cue bul two dia­ monds and then raise hearts 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
Does third hand defender have the right to ask tor a bidding review atter the bid­ d ing is over and before partner leads? 
S h o rt M em ory, M a n h a tta n He ach . 
C alif 

Answer: At rubber bridge, yes. His right to ask term i­ nates once partner has made the opening lead. 
At d u p l i c a t e b r i d g e , 
‘ declarer or defender may, at his first turn to play, re­ quire all previous calls to be restated.’ 
This means that third hand d elen d e r must 

 watt until it s his turn to play and that he must ask for a complete review with no p ar­ tial reviews authorized. 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
What is a "fish double"? 

Tony T u n a San F ra n c is c o 

Answer: Sometimes called a "sucker double," it s a dou­ ble of a game or slum based on high c a r d s or tru m p strength, such double rating to gain little and lose much because of the free informa­ tion it gives d e c la re r for planning his play. 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
What is meant by the term, 
"quantative bid"? 

Blackwood Mixup 

Answer: A quantative bid is a n a tu r a l bid, w ithin specified strength limits and in non-forcing For example, a jump to four no trum p over one no trump is a quantative invitational raise. It asks p a r t n e r to p a s s wi t h a minimum opening and to bid slam with a maximum or near maximum 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
Rubber bridge ami the bid ding goes 

Opp. 
Par! 
Opp 
I* 
2* 
Pass 
2* 
3* 
Pass 
I held 

Me 
Pass 

A 7 5 4 
I 
\ f IO 8 Ii I 

4 
A K H 7 5 

Should I bid anything at this point'* ll so. what? 

Oianiiint! il n m s r luslnrip. \ V 

Answer: I would pass anil )*• happy to give partner tile alt­ ure! king of dulls iii Iv if ws that lf ley will prove useful. t Met* you passed two diamonds ta correct decision), you should not sud­ denly find something extra to announce. Your partners sect md bid is based on tilt* deduction that you have "some high cards. 

Stamps 

From A ssociated Press 
N ew firs t-d a y system offers b u y e r o p tio n 

A modification in ordering first day cancellations of new U.S. stamps will go into effect with the first new issue of 1977. 
The commemorative on top of the year’s listing is the 
“Washington at Princeton’’ stamp scheduled for release this week at Princeton. N J ., to hail the 2ooth anniver­ sary of the victory by Gen. Washington’s forces ending the successful New Jersey campaign. 

B eginning with this issuance on Jan. 
3. collectors have the option of obtaining first day covers in two ways. 

They may use the regular request sys­ tem of enclosing the proper rem ittan ce with orders — or the new system which is alm ost a 
“do-it-yourself” pro­ gram. 

Under the new option, collectors may purchase their own stam ps ut their local post offices and affix the stamps to their own envelopes. 
Within 15 calendar days after the first day of issue, the envelope must be forwarded to the P ostm aster in this case it is the Postmaster. Princeton, N.J. o854o ------ for cancellation and return through the mail. 
By affixing their own stamps, collectors have control over centering, perforations and arrangement of the stamps. 
Since the stamps are already affixed, the processing system at the fir^t day city is simplified and the Postal 
Service can pros ide faster return of the onvelopes to the customer. 
Also, the individual ordering the stamps does not have to get a money order to cover the cost of the item s involved. ' 
*. 
The first stamp on the U.S. agenda for 1977 has a basic design based on the 1779 portrait by Charles Willson 
Peale, who fought at Princeton as a first lieutenant with the Philadelphia militia. 
The painting shows George Washington in full uni­ form, standing with one hand resting lightly on a cap­ tured cannon. 
In the right background, an orderly holds a horse. 
Also noted is a flag with a circle of 13 stars. In the distance at the left. Hessian prisoners are being marched from Princeton’s Nassau Hall. 
History buffs will recall the famous Washington cam ­ paign. After the historic crossing of the Delaware and the defeat of the H essians at Trenton on Dec. 26, 1776, 
Washington again crossed the Delaware and outmarched 
Lord Cornwallis to set up the decisive triumph at Prin­ ceton. 
Beneath the painting, in one line of type, appears 
“Washington al Princeton 1777 by Peale.” Below that is 
“ US Bicentennial l l cents.” The lettering is the same as previous Bicentennial series stamps based on famous paintings. 

 lf you would prefer the new system of affixing your own stamps, here is what you must do. 
Address your envelope as desired. You may use the peelable return labels or write the address in pencil or lien. Stamps must In* affixed in the upper right corner of the envelope, ap proxim ate 1/4 inch from the top and 
1/4 inch from the right edge Return addresses should be placed low and to the left. 
Orders must Im* postmarked by Jan. 18 and should be addressed to; “ First Day Cancellations, Postm aster, 
Princeton, N J. o854o. 
No remittance is required. 

[ r r r T T n m i t t t » rn qrwi 
I 
< 
« 
I i 
« 
« 
I 
I 
I 
I i 
I 
I 
4 « 

 ft 
'••• *■'"'** • ' * 

11 S I Vi i r n k i m i i i l HU 

IXPRfSS-NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— January % 1977 
PAGE S 

Get the best seats in the house before someone else does. 

Toni Ingraham 
Feb. ll, 12 and 13. One of the brightest new stars on the 
Country and Western Music scene, Toni Ingraham kicks off the 1977 San Antonio Stock 
Show Rodeo with seven performances. Torn lists among her ‘numphs the Fort 
Worth Stock Show Rodeo and last year's Shrine Charity 
Horse Show in San Antonio. 

Lalo Gonzales- 
El Piporro 
Feb. 14,15,16 and 17. One of the most popular singing and comedy stars of Mexico, El 
Piporro is making his first appearance in San Antonio. 
He will be starring at four rodeo performances. San 
Antonians know El Piporro from his top rated show seen regularly on KWEX-TV, Ch. 41. 

Myron Floren 
Feb. 18, 19 and 2o. Myron and 
Anacani made their first San 
Antonio appearance at the 
Stock Show in 1976 and proved to be two of the most popular entertainers ever to appear here. They're back again in 1977 for five performances, playing and 

 and Anacani singing the good old songs they perform regularly on the 
Lawrence WelkShow, seen every Saturday night in San 
Antonio on KSAT-TV. Ch 12. 
Their five performances round out the 1977 San 
Antonio Stoi k Show Rodeo. 

Attend The 28th Annual San Antonio 
SHOW 
DEO 

JOE FREEMAN COLISEUM FEBRUARY 11-2o, 1977 w 

Don't miss the Rodeo of Champions produced by Mike Cervi 
Championship Rodeo Co. Bareback Bronc Riding • Bull Riding • 
Calf Roping • Saddle Bronc Riding • Steer Wrestling • Barrel Racing 
—IJJ——————— 

San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo, P.O. Box 2o228, San Antonio, Texas 7822o 
Orders will be filled as nearly as possible as requested. Submit Order Early! 

N am e 
Date 
■ :......... ....... ............. 

Street and num ber _______________________________________ Day Phone ............... 
__ 

C ity 
I 
State v /■..... :..".... Z ip ___________ 
Make check or money order payable to; San Antonio Livestock Exposition. Amount of chee k or money 

 order enclosed $ ______________ 

I I I I I 

I i --------------------- 
I 
■ Second choice: 
.5o Handling ( harge 
I 

- — ----------------------------- _ 
-------------------- 
------- ----------- -- Total 
I 
FILL OUT, ENCLOSE CHECK OR MONEY ORDER (be sure to add 5of handling charge), 

 f l j 

PERFORMANCES: Matinees, Saturday and Sunday, Feb. 12 & 13, and 19 and 2o. Start 2 P.M. 
Special Matinees 2 P.M Fnday, Feb. ll; IO A M. Saturday, Feb 12. 
Night Shows Feb. 11-2o at 7:3o P.M. 
TICKET PRICES: 
All Seats Reserv ed Balcony, Rows 1-1o, $4.5o; Balcony, Rows 11-14, *3.5o, 
Balcony, Rows 15-16,$2.5o. Prices include gate admission 
No. of Tickets 
Date 
Mat. or Eve. 
Price each 
Total amount 
Remarks 

FILL OUT, ENCLOSE CHECK OR MONEY ORDER (be sure to add 5of handling charge), 
PLEASE ENCLOSE SELF-ADDRESSED, STAMPED ENVELOPE. 

A ‘fish coat’ for 

U D l M i l K G H 
The general stores in 
Scotland’s Highlands are where the treasure lies. 
They c a rry just about everything — — like the 
C hinese papa-mama stores on the outer islands of 
Hawaii. 
Ask for a tweed shooting 

 coat or a Shetland sweater. 
He’ll move a saddle or a keg of nails, and likely have just what you’re look­ ing for. 
The price will be right. 
It’s priced for th rifty country people. In pounds 
— but your dollar is now buying a lot more pounds. 

What cost you $24 last year now costs $16.5o. 
An American woman in the Hotel Caledonian said: 
••I clipped a picture of 
G reta G arbo from Wo­ men’s Wear Daily. 
She was walking down 
Fifth Avenue in a knee- length tissue weight anor- 
Sears 

Air Conditioner 
TUNE-UP 

Any Sears Window I nit with Slide Out (Chassis 

9 5 * 
N e b u la r S 3 8 . 9 5 

Each additional Sears unit at same a d d ress 
1 4 . 9 5 * 
♦Filter, freon and other parts, if needed, extra. 

Prices apply to normal sash window installation. in San Antonio area, of Sears window units only. 
CHARGE IT on Sears Revolving Charge 

Here*s What Sears Technicians Do 

I. 
P i c k u p , - h o p in*p<r e t i n a a u d 
5 . 
I heck lait m o to r and lubricate return of vour air em id itioiier h. 
< heck eom pre**or 
2 . 
P R U S S ! RU CLUANU I) 
4 . 
I 'heck w iring d. 
I beek ga* for prop er ch a r g e 
Ii. 
< heck and lig h ten b lo w er 
( very im p o rta n t lu r « i f iciem y ) w held i. 
I h eck all con trol* 
«J. 
I heck and alig n lu llin g 
IO . R U P VIN I H W : 

Sears 

I'or Service Phone 

’C 
2 3 
2 2 8 - 4 o 1 o 

P r ic e * g o o d t h r o J a n u a r y .‘I I >1, 
Where America shops 

IO. A Kb, MOOI IK K AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
Sears Central Service Department 
1 4 o 2 N. Hackberry 
2 2 8 -4 o 1 o 

 ak. .lust what I wanted for this trip.” 
She searched all the stores: "I. Magnin. Bloo­ m ingdale^. Abercrombie 
Si Fitch.” She came over with the only thing she could find. 
“ A long coat that weighed a ton and made me look like a Russian Foot soldier.” 
Last week she was in 
Sutherland at the top of 
Scotland on the wild west coast. 
She found THE coat in a 
G eneral 
M erchandise 

 just $1 5 
Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

VAIL NOW 
HAS 
SNOW 

SKI - 7 NIGHTS 

$ o o 7 3 o 
L G I PH KOSON 
FOK INFORMATION 
AND RESERVATIONS CAU 
826.9623 
Windsor House of Travel 
5335 McCullough 
SAN ANTONIO TX. 78212 

Store, _l!lt_was hanging on a hook next to a pair of hip- high wading boots.” 
‘‘A Mac for the Yank,” the store owner called it. 
The coat is all nylon. 
Made by Henri Lloyd of 
London. You find them all over 
Scotland w here they’re called “ fish coats.” 
Plaid shoulder lining. 
Four roomy pockets. Cuffs to turn back or close with drawstrings. 
They’re water and wind proof. 
W eightless and warm. Nine pounds — say 
$15. 
It's chill as an Eskimo well digger here and a dreary rain is falling in 
Princes Street. 
If you cross the George 
IV Bridge and tumble dow n cobbled V ictoria Street, you wind up at L aird’s 
Larder. It’s a cozy attic tea room above a bakery and marmalade shop. 
You share a window seat 
(With freckled secretaries and kilted attorneys. (Is it cold wearing kilts these winter days? I imagine so but can’t figure how to ask.) 
When you die in England, 

 the tax people take just about everything. Lady 
Jean Forde inherited Bro­ dick Castle on the Isle of 
Arran, the southwest coast of Scotland. 
E sta te taxes w ere so crippling she gave 7ooo ac res to the National Trust. 
She kept the family recipes for pates and marmalades. 
A w ise move, for she now has a castle industry in 
Laird’s Larder. 

Makes venison and hare pates and an orange m ar­ malade laced with Scotch whisky. 
The tea room is always crowded. Customers stand on the staircase and watch hungrily as stacks of sand­ w iches get low er and homemade pies are sliced up. 
The place sm ells won­ derfully of country soup bubbling in copper kettles. 
The sweet smell of success. 
“ What are the cheaper places now in Europe?” 
England, Ireland, Spain and Italy will cost you 

See Delaplane, Page I 

TTO 
ZA RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. 

N O H ’ h S ' AH M A C E 349-2761 
T R IN IT Y U N IV E R S IT Y 736-72'I 

W IN D S O R P A R K M A L L 6W-631o 

\Y hat’s the best air fare for your next trip? 
Ask Rennert W orld Travel 
No Obligation! 

C n n lu k n l about a ir fart-*? L r ! Hen* iit r l W o rld T r a w l fold y on the bc-t 

 available fare fu r j o u r n e v i vacation or bu«inc*« trip. 

W »• are n 't in the airlin e bu *in c**. S o 

 ne ra n be objective about w hich nile in be*l fo r you. W e handle a b ilo *! all o f them. 
W e're fa m ilia r w ith the fare 
-triM lu re is route*, d e p artu re tim e*. 

Ju *l till out the co u p o n b e to n , aud 

 take it to the K e n n e r! W o rld tra v e l 

 office m a re * ! you. 
V o u 'll pet an a n * n e r the *am e day. 

Note: lf y o u r trip *h o u ld include 

P o p o v e r*, it i* a little m o re c o m ­ plicated. Ile tte r call u*, o r ro m e iii lo o u r o f o u r office*. 

Questions: 

Y o u fill in here 

I )e<-t iiiation. 

Departure daft 

Length of trip.. 

Preferred time 

ASTA 

 h i e j, 

IS Number in party__ 

£ In turn date_ 

Children tinder 12 

.Preferred lime___ 

PAGE 6 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— January 9, 1977 

■ Type of plane preferred______ 

|ij Mod important: Ix>we*»t fare O 
J < Miter (Specify )_ ____________ 

Name------------------------_ 
Addn*** 

City 
State___ 

C onvenient depart, time Q 

 zit. 

J z |I 
I 

I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Delaplane 

 least. The scandin avian countries and Switzerland are highest priced, tier- many is in between. 
P o rtu g al, G reece and 
Austria are not too bad. 
Less than Germany, higher than the low-cost countries. 
Cost of getting there is 

HERFF TRAVEL 
Germany m * European Charter 
Juno 9 to July J, 1977 
Son Antonio to Frankfurt, round trip 

S499 for Person via Pon Am (barter 
Direct from San Antonio 
Including: 
’ Round trip ow fore, San Antonio to fronkfurt via Pon Am, the world s most experienced airlines, direct from 
San Antonie. 
’ Optional tend tours available through 
Herff Travel. 

’ One plone service direct from San 

Anntomo to fuiope 
(no change of planes) 
•AH taxes. 
Pan Ami 
For reservotions ond information please contact: 
Herff Travel 7o6 Milam Bldg 
Son Antonio Tx 782oS (S12) 226 4331 

 what kills you. Now you can get low-cost, charter rates on m ajor airlines. 
A travel agent can ex­ plain it — the airline can, too. 
You pay 3o to 45 days in advance. You must go on a certain day. Come back on a certain day. That’s what guarantees the airline a full load so they can charge the low rate. 
E x am p le: Round trip economy to London from 
San F ra n c isc o , $968. I bought it for $475. Ask for the ABC rate. 
“ Do you think we stand much chance of getting the stom ach problem in 
M exico?’’ lf you were born in the 
U.S. the medical odds are four in IO you will. If you were raised in Italy, it goes down dram atically: Like about one in 2o. 
The closer you live to the equator, the m ore re sis­ tance you have. The closer you travel to the equator, the more likely you are to get it. So say the medicine men. 

EUROPE 

CHARTERS 

Low Cost Spring & Summer Charters 

For Example: Round Trip London 

( 

A ir Fore O nly 
Two W e e k Stay I „ *497 

MAKE RESERVATIONS N O W I 

For Mort Information On Othor Charters Call: (512) 821-91o1 
World Travel 

C e n t e r 
53o8 MOADWAV 

SAN ANTONIO, TWAS 782o9 
828-81o1 

TH l'M M R IU I , O ntar­ io. (lunaria, offer* mans line *ki a n u s for Minter 
>isitors. Mowt o f the lo­ cations. are within ea>> acers* o f T hunder Bay. 

HAWAII 7 7 ... FEEL THE MAGIC 
Hawaiian 
^ 
Hospitality § 
Tours 
* 
Total price from 
San Antonio 

• Frequent one week and two week tours available 
• Featuring group travel rates with individual attention 
• Choose one week (one or three islands) or two weeks (tour islands) 
• Choice of tamous hotels 
• Price Includes Braniff 747 non stop from Dallas Ft Worth and connecting flight from your city 

Sat your traw l soent tor all Trad* Wind Tour* to Hawaii, 
Maxlco aad th# Or lam 
TRADE (HIND TOURS OF HAWAII 
There's a big sale going on now. At all 19 of our locations! 

Mexico, the best vacation going, is going for less. Lots less. 
Your dollar now buys more of sun w ashed, color-splashed Mexico than ever before: More shopping, night life and culture in Mexico City and Guadalajara. More bright white sand and sunny resorts in Mazatlan and Puerto Vallarta 
— on Mexico’s Pacific Coast. Or in Cancun and 
Cozumel, along Mexico’s Caribbean. More mystic legends and history in Merida and the 
Yucatan Peninsula. 
The biggest bargain today in all of Mexico is all of Mexico. And Mexiama Airlines knows more of M exia)!we’ll whisk you to 19 of the most popular resorts) than any U.S. airline. 
After all, its our home. 

Mexiama can take you home to all the lx‘st bargains in Mexico. Right now. Before somebody else snaps up just the one you had your heart set on! Call us at (512) 225 6389 for more information on the best tout s going. 
Phone Mexicana toll-free (8oo) 421 83o1 for finn reservations. Or get in touch with your favorite travel agent, lies an expert on 
Mexicana tours. 
Mexico and Mexiama. 
On sale now! 
«=— mexicana rn 
(The airline most people fly to Mexico.) 

Fly Mexicana to Mexico. We’re the best thing going. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 5UNDAY MAGAZINE— January 9, 1977 
PAGE 7 

He’s called the (’a m t ­ man. 
S o m ep lace out th e re right now he’s probably listening to a CB conversa­ tion. his tape recorder si­ lently twirling, the meters on Ins receiver bouncing with each signal Ile works for the governm ent, the 
Federal C om m unications 
Commission, to be more exact. 
Even ( Bors who operate on the up-and-up have a d ry -th ro a te d fear when word gets out the the FCC boys (called Candymen by 
('Bors) are in town I t s the same feeling you get when you re going 58 miles an hour on the interstate and you spot a Smokey at the 

G -m an Candym an 

 could be listening 

 bottom of the hill. 
To most ('Bors, the Can- dym an is like the Loch 
Ness 
.Monster or the 
Abominable Snowman — you hear about him but he remains mostly a legend. 
But the Candyman, some outlaw (’Bors are finding out. is painfully real. 
Tho FCC engineers, who don’t particularly care for the Candyman nickname, are beginning to make ail 

 impression on ( Hers. 
The engineers have been more active this year than during any other time since 
CB radio was started in 
1958. The boom in CB in­ terest has launched m il­ lions of people into two-way com m unications, som eth­ ing the FCC’s enforcement people weren’t ready for in the beginning. 
Slowly but surely, though the FCC has built up its 

 m uscle, sending special groups of engineers into cities and portions of states to gather evidence on ille­ gal CB operations. 
They move unnoticed, tra v e lin g in u n m a rk e d cars, cruising the streets like anyone else. But they are always listening to CB conversations. When they pick up one that seems to be too strong (an indication of an illegal, overpowered 
Sears CUSTOM SHOP 
FREE 
SHEER 

 under drapery fabric with any custom-made draperies 

Price'- good ti Jar.Man 
2 9 th 

Here ? your opportunity to do complete ’window decorating at saving-! Choose any custom dra­ per. fabric and get Danube sheer under drapery fabric FREE. 
(Labor extra.) 

 about Se*ar- credit plan- 

 r n 

' O C * - ' 

V i , v i V c 
^ t , 
, , 

2 6 r; to fir; o f f ! 
I pholstery Fabrics 

T i sp 
* 

Regular 
SIS to S 19 
* 1 1 . a rd 

 v c T tv J 
J 
W o v e n w o o d s 
2o% Off! 

Ia*l Sears handle your cu stom decorating from start to fin ish . 
Sears 

 for f H IT. e -tlliu b * aud 
■ im oratin g adv s e 
CHONK: Do* mow a Plaza .. 2 JH-112,’l 
Military Drive 
2 2 H-AO 2.1 
Central Park .. 22H-AI2.1 
Where America shops 
H u * 
U ililu t IV k . S<w« 
VluSJ al at Hruialw) NJ mm! Hoars f J I H 
Hu«i thru Nil. 
XII itthrt da.a ** Her. 
ST JO-** 
Saualoctton Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

< rulul Purl. -lure 
Nu. IVtl.u al I >mi|> UU 
Won thru Sat 
*».«»*» 

CB Con vac 

By INK D IPPE R 

Editor o f The GB l imes Journal 

 set) or they hear a ('Ber breaking the law in some way, then they start track­ ing down the source. Spe­ cial d ire c tio n -fin d in g equipment homes on the signal, which leads them to the house or car where the radio is located. 

Their main targets are 
CBers using overpowered se ts, o p e ra tin g off-frequeney (which dis­ tu rb s other c o m m u n ic a ­ tions services) or not fol­ lowing o p eratin g re g u la ­ tions. Their evidence gath­ ering can result in someth­ ing as minor as a citation or as severe as confiscation of equipment. 
When the engineers take their first enforcement ac­ tion. word spreads quickly that the Candyman is in town. By then, though, it’s too late. T he FCC will spend from a couple of days to several months in an area before it ever takes action a g a in st a single person — then it comes down on everyone who s broken the law. 
No figures are available yet on just how active the 
FCC has been this year, but it has co n fiscated th o u ­ sands of dollars worth of 
CB equipment. 
The most dram atic show of force by the FCC was in the area late in the year when FCC personnel, ac­ com panied by U.S. m a r­ shals, raided the homes of 
CB ers and co n fiscated 

PAG! f * EXPRESS NEWS SUNDA* MAGAZINE— January 9, 1977 

$65,ooo in illegal gear. The e q u ip m e n t w as e ith e r overpowered, am ateur ra ­ dio gear illegally modified for CB use of operating on frequencies not in the citi­ zens band. 
Some of the CBers had equipment up to 2,ooo watts of tr a n s m itti n g pow er, substantially over the four watts allowed by law. 
The FCC has noted the change that comes over an area in the wake of a raid. 
Complaints it has on file about television in te rfe r­ ence. for in sta n c e , are quickly se ttle d by the 
CBers without FCC inter­ vention. The n u m b er of new complaints drops. And the airwaves, at least for a time, are used properly. No one curses, no one uses illegal power. Everything coes by the book. 
This is especially true after equipment is confis­ cated. lf confiscation of equipm ent seem s harsh, then co n sid er the legal 
( Ber who uses the meager four w atts of power and has to contend with outlaws using m ore power than many eom m erical broad­ casting stations. The legal 
( Ber is overwhelmed and the public’s right to equal use of the citizen’s band is covered up by the outlaw. 
CBers who operate legal­ ly have no reason to fear the Candyman. He wants the sam e thing they want: 
A citizen’s bund that s used properly. 

THE LEADER 
SI 

 if-' 
* y For- over 
2S years Als 
In* been abc Southwest s 
HI f' 
, 
Men's Formal Wear Leader 
■ I 
•• _ „ - 
H I 
, Uhs v eat is im exception. 
WA 
. 
We're- featuring more new 

> ’■ * lin o ever before, in- 
WvKG clulling Ole fabulous 
Se vllle” from 
After 
Six. 
V 
Available in Cloud White, a b e 
Blue, Spicy 
(anger, 
■ S i' 
"!* and Bold Black 
Standout 
B p t ' ibf a ’'Seville^*, boru AC* torm.il Wear, . . . . . . 

P 
. 
:.v i The Leader 

V7S2 I vets R oad, 
MKI I Wat>em Koad 
<»X4K San IVdru 
’ . 
I i I i S W Mititat> 
Ais 
FORMAL W EAR 

= E x p r e s s - N e w s W o n t A d s 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 E 

NASHVILLE. TENN. - 
Capsule Rev iew of 76 Hap­ penings — 
JANUARY - Connie 
Smith and husband M ar­ shall Haynes were spread­ ing the word they were expecting “ next sum m er.” 
(Sir Stork didn’t disappoint them !) . . . It came to light that Cal Smith’s real name is Grant Calx in Sanford . . . 
Roy Clark and his troupe look off for a tour of the 
USSR. It was such a suc­ cess Roy spent most of the rem aining year talking about it! . . . Tanya Tucker put her showplace farm on the m arket. (Prospective buyers didn’t bid enough so 
Tanya rem ained a farm girl.). 
It was rumored that due to inflation George Hamil­ ton IV was changing his name to George Hamilton 
V . . . Porter Wagoner, no longer with Dolly P.. de­ cided to knock off all per­ sonal appearances . . . 
Kenny Rogers and Hee 
Haw good-looker Marianne 
Gordon revealed plans for a marriage. It happened and to date they are living hap­ pily ever after. 
FEBRUARY - David 
Allen Coe, while entertain­ ing for inmates at the Ten­ nessee State Prison, an­ nounced: “ I am worth $5 million” . . . The Black­ wood Singers got with the 
Bicentennial spirit. They began performing in red, white and blue costumes . . 
. Tammy Wynette said: “ I don’t intend to rem arry 
George Jones.” She didn't . 
^ . Donna Fargo signed lucrative co n tract with 
Warner Brothers Records . 
. . Waylon Jennings was singing “Goodhearted Wo­ man.” It got louder and louder. 
A goodhearted selling record. 
Johnny Rodriguez and 
Diann Patterson of Con- 

Last year around Nashville 
Nashville Sound 

By RED O'DONNELL 

 yers, Ga. were wed at a local Methodist church . . . 
LeRoy Van Dyke said: 
“Talent is a gift. You can’t beg. buy, borrow or steal it 
— and sometimes you can’t control it.” . . . Chet Atkins described as “ The Nash­ ville G u ita rc h y .” . . . 
Throat problems sidelined 
Dolly Carton (The first of a series.) 
MARCH — Veteran E r­ nest Tubb was named an 
Admiral in the Texas Navy. 
“ And I don’t even own a row boat,” adm itted the lanky native of Crisp, Tex. 
. , . Music in the “ outlaw style” was on the wanted list of record buyers . . . 
Je rry 
G low er’s book, 
“ Ain’t God Good,” was selling at rate of 5,ooo per month . . . Sonny Jam es made hairy news. He began wearing a Bluebeard type beard! . . . Minnie Pearl was voted 
“ T ennesse 
Working Woman of the 
Year.” . . . Lester Flatt underwent gall bladder surgery—and recovered quickly . . . Gospel singer 
Bill Gaither wrote a song titled: ‘‘D on’t W ant to 
Spend My Time W riting 
Songs to Answer Questions 
That Nobody’s Even Ask­ ing 
A nyhow .” 
Sixteen words — and it was the longest title of 1976. 
APRIL - Roy Acuff suf­ fered heart attack on loth, but at 72 the veteran fought back to perform again , . . 
Dolly Parton received a telephone threat on her life prior to an appearance on the Wheeling (West Va.) 
Jamboree. 
(The caller eventually was nabbed) . . . 
Songstress Marilyn Sellars 

REGISTRATION 
SPRING SEMESTER 

L” k T A * I rjnifx«sityc>|- sarjarjfrxiio 

UNDERGRADUATES AND GRADUATES 
(Except Law Students) 
Jan. IO - 3-7:15 P.M. 
Jan. I I - 2 -6:15 P.M. 
In Moody life Science Bldg. (Second Floor) 
Time permits required from Registrar’s Office 
Law School Registration - In Law 
Classroom Bldg. 
Jan. IO • 9-11 A.M. - 1976 summer A fall entering students 
Jan. 1o-1:3o-3:3o p.m.-May & Aug. 7 7 graduates 
Jan. II >9-11 AJA. - All other law students 
All new students should check admission procedure with 
St. Mary's University Admissions 

One Cam ino Santa M a ria 
San Antonio, TX 7 8 2 8 4 
Phone 4 3 6 -3 1 2 6 

St Mary s is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Institution 

 and R. Peter Kuipers were wed in Edina, Minn., the bride’s hometown . . . All of a sudden Loretta Lynn be­ came shy about her age. 
“ I’m not going to tell any­ body how old I am but will tell them the year I was born in.” she said. And you figure that out? 
Roy Clark went into the diet-food business. (M ar­ keting the product for su­ perm arket drive-ins, etc. 
— not eating it) . . . Charlie 
Rich, after a dry spell, was hack in the public ear with 
“America the Beautiful.” 
MAY — Humorist Jerry 
Jordon spoke at fourth an­ nual Gospel Radio Seminar 
— but failed to receive a 
“ Phone Call from God.” . . 

. It was learned that Bar­ bara Mandrell has a very green thum b. Her home was alive with 5o plants — 
46 of which she talked with daily . . . This daffynition was making the rounds: 
“ Dolly Parton is a bigwig." 
. . . J i m Ed Brown and 
Helen Conelius surfaced as a singing duo. (May wasn’t a short month but it was short on news). 
JUNE - Genial Red So- vicn, after 28 years of struggling and sometimes near starving had a big hit in “Teddy Bear.” (It sold 
1,2oo,ooo copies as a single and 4oo,ooo as an album). 
JULY — Tammy YVyn- ette and local real estate agent J. Michael Tomlin w ere wed in a garden ceremony at her $5oo,ooo home. (It didn’t last long — the wedding, not the cere­ mony) . . . The secret was out: Jim m y Dean’s real nam e is 
Seth 
W ard. 

(Sounds like a clock, eh?) . 
. . Bob Luman recovered sufficiently from a ru p ­ tured blood vessel in eso­ phagus to resume his sing­ ing career. 
AUGUST — Jerry Reed was in Atlanta filming an­ other m ovie w ith B urt 

 i I ; I 
Reynolds — “Smokey and the 
B andit 
“ 
F reddy 
Fender appeared in his first motion picture, “ Wide 
Eyes.” . . . Niel Diamond said he wanted to come to 

F R ID A Y S ; 8 p.m.-12 mid. 
★ NO Alcoholic Beverages 
O p e n to S tu d e n t* 
* GRADES 7 THRU 12 

SATURDAYS: 8 p.m.-1 a m. i 
★ 8. T. o.8. IF IS 
O p e n to S tu d e n ts 
( 
★ GRADES 9 THRU COUEGE I 

SINCE 1961 
STUDENT CENTER 
On Mttera Read— Across foam Nerds hut Stadium 
FOR STUDENT TEENS 

EVERY FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 8 P.M. ? 
FEATURING OUTSTANDING TAMA DANCE BANDS 

SNACK BAR • CAMI MACHINES • COMI WITH OR WITHOUT A 

For Further Inform ation Call 8 2 4 -2 3 6 7 or 7 3 2 -5 1 25 

GOOD THINGS ARE COOKING UNDER OUR BRIGHT BLUE ROOF 

AU THC 
COCKE 
YOU CAN DRINK 

FRO M > I I I I \I I .I I T TR 11:oo A..VI. — TMK 
KATI IIF .WRATH R F J A N I'A H Y 

RF FFI! I .R R R AT IIRTII IX T FIIX ATIRX A l. 
URI MF R F FAX* A F F X IX SA X A.XTRXIR 

MNM* 1 1 » nn«l AAA' P F IH tO AVF. 
1.oo1* 11R m id A Al 1M.IMM U FS IIH. 
Internal iou*! House of Pancakes' an International Industries Company 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E -January 9, 1977 
PAGE 9 

< 
I ; V They spell the, bad words ... 

NEW YORK — I f s com ­ monly alleged that every­ body in New York com es from som eplace else. 
If this monstrous charge were true, then nobody would have ever been born here, and all our betters would have been conceived 

 in Iowa or Ohio, Texas, 
Oklahoma, Louisiana, Mis­ souri and M ississippi. 
However, if s a fact that show business stars who make good in the Big Apple are n otriou sly from out-of-town. 
The colum nists get a r­ 

 ound to believing that the fount of acting talent is 
West Overshoes, Idaho or 

South Earlobe, Michigan. 
This theory w as consi­ derably strengthened in the 
On Broadway 

 last days of 1976 when I named the Broadway Bests of the year. 
George C. Scott, em erg­ 

 ing as one of the year’s g re a ts in 
“ Sly 
F o x ,” pleaded guilty to coming 
See On Broadway, Pg. 13 

^ fh e d re 
I ffo o ty, carats: 

 a comtpv b v b a r i l l b t ^ oeeeov 

 v k y s j l i i . / / 

 ii 

 n t t c r t D b v 
JERRV POLLOCK. 

SANPEDRO 
Pa r k. 

 r n 
Evenings s is -S un mat.23o 
’ 

'K M X i c * ? 
RESERVATIONS 735-6922 

By EARL WILSON 

Pack that Punch! 
The Express-News Classified Section is the heavyweight champion classified section in South Texas. It's delivered at home every morning in the SarvAntonio Express and every afternoon in the San Antonio News. 
San Antonians use the Express-News 
Classifieds because our ads work! 
That’s why, if you’ve got something to sell or buy, put the champ in your corner. A classified ad in the Express-News. 

Call 225-1666 
ESmSS-DEVS 
CLASSIFIED ADS 
They Pack the Biggest Punch! 

GEORGE C. SCOTT . . . from W ise, Va. 

EVENING DRAM A W O RKSH O PS 

On The Stages Of One Of 
America's Greatest Theaters 
Ruth Taylor Theaters 
TRINITY UNIVERSITY 
Workshops in acting, and playwriting. 

SPRING SEMESTER REGISTRATION 
Jon. 18, 19,2o 7-8 PJR. 736-8511 
KIND LADY" ONSTAGE JAN. 13-15,22-24 

/ *sr 
I v v tm' 

 w e; z 
RUSH 
I 
TED 
* 
NUGENT 
I 

PLUS 
LESLIE W EST 

A N D 
ARTFUL D O D G ER 

TONIGHT 
SAN A N T O N IO 
M U N ICIPAL AU DITO RIU M 
7:3o P.M. 

£j 
^ 
TICKETS AT BO X OFFICE ONLY! 
^ 

%s 
PLUS SPECIAL GUESTS 
| 
SA N A N T O N IO fc 
CO NVEN TIO N CENTER ARENA 
7:3o P.M. 
® 
SATURDAY, JAN. 22 
| 

TICKETS: Son Antonio — Joske’s, Record- land, Below the Belt; San M arcos — Dis- 
S S covery Records; Austin — Inner Sanctum 

PAGE 12 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— January 9,1977 

On Broadway 

 from Wise, Va., and De­ troit. 
His Beautiful wife Trish 
Van Devere of the sam e vehicle is from Tenafly, 
N.J. 
Pennsylvania got a bun­ dle of them this year. They produce a lot of singers in that state and always have. 
Clamma Dale, the Bess of ‘ Porgy and Bess,” came from C hester, P a., and 
Virginia Reed of ‘‘Bubbling 
Brown Sugar” arrived here 

 once upon a tim e from 
Pittsburgh. 
Reggie Jackson, the N.Y. 
Y a n k e e s’ rn ii I io n -dollar- baby outfielder, lists Wyn­ cote. P a., as his home plate. 
Nancy W alk er c la im s 
Philadelphia, adding that her parents were vaudev die s ta rs , and ‘‘th e ir tru n k happned to be in Philadel­ phia at the tim e.” 
Gretchen Wyler, playing a prostie in “ Sly Fox,” is an Okie from Bartlesville, and her family are still nice law-abidin’ types. 
I saw Gretchen’s mother at the show’s opening and she laughed when I said 

SPECIAL SUNDAY FEATURE fitfi 

 includes our 
Soup & Salad 
Bar and 
Baked Potato 

(special price 
Sunday only — regular menu price - $7.95) 

O P E N F R O M 4 P.M. 
Smwgkh’s 

111 MW. Loop • San Antonio 
Phone: 349-24o7 
JACK W ESTON...the Ohio boy 

(’.re tc h w as p o rtra y in g a naughty girl. 
Here m other said, "S he plays a w-h-o-r-e.” 

That’s the way they do it in some parts of Oklahoma, 
I suppose. They spell out the bad words. 

Ohio, w hich g e n e ra lly leads all 5o states in talent, produced Ja ck Weston of 
‘‘C a lifo rn ia S u ite ’’ th is 

 year, lie’s a.Clevelander. 

W h ere do you su p p o se 
B a rb a r a W a lte rs co m es from? Boston. 

Tam m y G rim es cam e to us from Lynn, Mass., Chita 
R ivera from W ashington, 
DX'., T o tie F ie ld s from 
H a rtfo rd , C onn., D ian a 
Ladd from all o v er the 
South, including Louisiana,. 
M ississip pi and Arkansas. 

 j f w h e n o n ly V the ve ry best will do 

FEATURED EVERY SUN,MON.-TUES. 

TROUT AM AN D IN E 

UHM ca 
RESTAURANT & BAR 

512/826 2371 

1o39 N E. LOOP 41o 

BANQUET FACILITIES 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 
RIB EYE 
• 
FILET 

ALL ENTREES 

INCLUDE SAI AD 

BAKED POTATO 

OR HERB RICE 

OPEN 5 OO P M 

PLUS 
M A R G A R IT A S $1.oo 

Jan. IO 
Carmen Balthrop 
Soprano 
Theo Alcantara conducting 

Beethoven 
Overture to “Fidelio” 
Mendelssohn Symphony No. 4 in A Major 
Handel 
“Che Sento O Dio M and “ Se Pieta” 
Mozart 
"Ach, lch I uehl s from “ Magic 
Flute” 
Puccini 
Mi Chiamano M im iliom Bohem e" 
Strauss 
Till Eulenspiegel 

Mon., Jan. IO, 7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 
Tickets: $3 to $6.5o 
Symphony Box Office 
223-5591 

Opera is 
Magnificent in San Antonio! 

Jan. 28* 
3ot 

Mar. 25* 
27t 

May 2o* 
221 

■ 
■ m n u 
H 
B 
H 
B 
Wagner’s 
RIENZI! 
American Premiere In English 
James McCray, Janet Price and Rose Marie Freni 

Puccini’s 
LA BOHEME 
Karan Armstrong and William Harness 

Bellini’s 
NORMA 
Beverly Sills, Tatiana Troyanos and Robert Hale 

*8:oo pm Theater for the Performing Arts 
13:oo p m Theater for the Performing Arts 
IThis production is made possible by the generous contribution of the Ewing Halsell Foundation. 

AH 3 ope rat 
$*4 to $31.oo 

Call San Antonio Symphony Box Office: (512) 223-5591 
Special discounts Students & Active Enlisted Military 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Jamiery 9,1977 
PAGE 13 

In c lu d in g th * A w a rd W in n in g L p ito d * 

A l t * th * Fam o u s S T A R T R E K B lo o p e r I 

TONIGHT 
7 :o o P.M. 
“ THE WORLD OF STAR TREK” 

F e a tu rin g C re ator and Producer 
Cene Roddenberry 
San A n to n io C o n te n tio n Center Arena 
Sunday, January Sth — 7:oo p.m. Tickets reserved at SS.SO A SS SO 

Afoitobl* el Aren* hoi *Hi«* Op*m el I I Noon, (elk only ne chock• or credit cords pleas* 

Papa John Carradine’s sons a triple threat 

Bv LEE GRANT tos ANGELES times SERVICE 
HOLLYWOOD - This is 

 a talented family, these 
Carradines, a family of ac- tors. There are eight sons 

_ interstate* fobcm s m s M 

 i k ^ i K i UweenwCiir n 
(■lr 
IJJ tit; 

^ • o o T M PA n n ijA ^ ^ ^ ^ 
U nswiw «w»»r <>• nj nu 

S IL V E R S T R E W N * 

GENE WILDER JILL CLAYBURGH RICHARD PRYOR 
AS..,,. imr»m "SILVER STREAK” A Mn ii JUMLNft-COLIN HIGGINS «CTUA§ 

NED BLAT TY • Cut TON JA M E S * * ! PATRICK McGOOHAN 
Aogtw Oevereatu 

« MjCu»nNsAn-4i,.. #•* MASTIN RANSOHOFf *tx) FRANK VALK .ANS 

AroiJu od by THOMAS L MIC LER *'<J EOMABD MKJCJS O'**. *»*t3 t>> AHTHUA MRX£R tArdHpr'tgyCOUN HKiGtNS 

_ ^ r 
' 
Muta< tty HE NPT MANCINI CCA OR BV OE UJ*E 
P G m o th O N B 9Kuni«- 
I- 
* • — ----- 
Put our sticker 

 of John Carradine, whose distinguished 51-year car­ eer has included 469 motion pictures, and three of them—David, Keith and 
Robert—have emerged with skilled and formidable credits of their own. 

KEITH CA RRA D IN E 

 on your bumper 

 and you could win 
$5o cash! 

 a Lucky License 

Our bu m p er sticker m a k e s your license 

 e ligible for E x p re ss-N e w s classified prize m on ey! 

G et your FREE bumper sticker ot the Express 
N e w t lobby, A re E ond Third St , from 8 3o a rn to 5 3o p rn weekdays, or at any Lone 
Star, Mr M, Circle K, or o Tote M store. Put it on your cat s rear bumper close to the 

 license plate1 Our photographers ore snop ping pictures of lucky Licenses every day — you could win $5o if yours is published in the classified section of the San Antonio Ex press and The News! 

W IN N IN G LUCKY LICENSES APPEAR EVERY DAY 
IN THE SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS AND 
THE NEW S! CHECK 
IT TODAY . . . YOU CAN W IN $5o! 
Lucky License R ules: 
W h e re to ge t your sticker: 

1 $*«!» luck, UMH* bump*. Mnfc#* r*#. 
!«.*?«*# pip*# » ROiMbto ft* 
'■ »,» s.^-3 to dt»*jt kV'fflK# 

2 Wit*cb Att I ap r# O f*d New* « p tn jtn Is pie*#* t*i*i G* pvbiihNrd #*#ry ck»y v*o»♦*« 
3 Wtflftft pf*lh by 
* » 
4 fotft mttvrm tm*# skew Sns*#- m&ntotu *a w4w % putt rmzmp 

$ imp*©*##* ©f Nm* f« fK t« N ew * rn cfc-M* tfeMon t, 
#s«9*bW W a kt#«MT •* ft Oft*? 
«*<*•» f »pc«r»s Nt«t »#a» bw**p** v 
#©* pA©*o w**m*§# 

7 WiOA#/» wrfi tm awatch*d $ YO «#*A *♦ *t»# pt.|« s 
$t ti #l tv#*, IN# pt*«# »* tort#****! 

 d. ** W> f> «KF* b# th#* a**L»' ft#d w# fe# #’rgtbi# 

Puck up you* bump#* ibckftr af IJK*? f lobby. 
A r g I and Third bt , b o m ti 3 o a rn i 3 o p m weekday*, a* at o/vy San Antonio ton® Star m< aa, w et* A and U Ton* aa $*o « 

Express-News 
C lassified Ads Work! 
C all 225-1666 

To subscribe to tho Express an d N o w s* coll 2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 . 
EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY M AG AZINE-January 9, 1977 

* W m nnt "am al and a* *no*o» —It br pvtofcU—d ,» d a I a n d 
> w t 
Gaxwn* Ow ( . I . » I' a . an oaio-vo1. •.-.a w al »„>. la, adfctii, w w in 
PAGE 14 

It was indeed a remarka­ ble year for the Carradines. 
Perhaps most remarka­ ble is the burgeoning car­ eer of David Carradine. At 
4o. with the image of Kung 
Fu far behind, he has sha­ ken the exploitation aura and found respect as Woody 
Guthrie in “ Bound for 
Glory.” 
To fulfuill an old com­ mitment with Robger Gor­ man, he will still make 
“ Deathsport,” a sequel to 
‘‘Death Race 2ooo.” 
There is also a film called ‘‘Gray Lady Down” for Universal and Ingmar 
Bergman’s “ The Serpent’s 
Egg,” in which he co-stars with Liv Ullmann. 
Keith Carradine, 25, finds himself with rising twin careers as rock’n’roll singer and actor. 
Following the rock musi­ cal ‘‘Hair,’ Keith has since accumulated an imprortant set of roles in such films as 
“ Thieves 
Like 
Us,” 
‘‘McCabe and Mrs. Miller” and 
“ Em peror of the 
North.” 
Last year, the song “ I’m 
Easy,” which he wrote and performed in ‘ Nashville,” won an Academy Award. 
He is currently appearing as an American movie star on visit to Paris in the 
Jeanne Moreau film “ Lu- miere." 
The youngest leading male in the Carradine trio, 
Robert, 22, came to acting one day when he filled in for his brother Keith during a stage production of ‘‘To­ bacco Road” in Florida directed by his father. 
He soon earned a fea­ tured role in “ The Cow­ boys” w ith John Wayne and the subsequent television 

 show. 
Then came a series of small parts in movies in­ cluding a recent appearance in ‘‘Porn Pom 
Girls.” 
He has finished a role in the whaling epic, “ Orca,” with Richard Harris and 
Charlotte Rampling and 

 now is heading for “ Joyr­ ide.” 
Will the Carradine clan make a film together? “ I think it’ll happen soon,” said Richard. “ Maybe a western because we all love the Wild West, or perhaps something about 
Hol­ lywood.” 

ROBERT CA R RA D IN E 

 a b c INTERSTATE 7 ? ^ , 

BROADWAY 
XMO S.OXOWXI 
•>» MJI 

N o th in g le ss than the m ost exhilarating entertainm ent of the film year to date.” 
I .,- I 
W U VORK T7MFS 

THE SEVEN-PER-CENT SOLUTION from the •! Btu hut# 

AL AN 4HMN V ANE SNA RI f* xRAV I HOM KT DLN Al I hint NK W LAH i LAMSON 

WALT MONEY 
""SHAGGY IHA. 

1.oo-3:oo-5:3o-7:3o-9:3o 

— 

W A N (TINA A l 
M A H REYNO LDS 
U W M ( T M AL jWUKELQDE^r 
I- * 

I 2:3o-2:5o-5:1o-7:3o-9:5o 

11:45-1:45 
3:45-5:45 
7:45-9:45 <3™!oMEN 
*v«Mo*r'>v 
SlaOOj 

CHARI TON HESTON 
HENRY f QNQA 
I 2:oo-2:25-4:5o-7:1 5-9:4o 
M C C R E L E S S 
- 
S3 3 -o 4 3 1 

R iv e r C it y & a r e a m o v ie s r n a m u s 
IN 

HERBERT LOM with COLIN BLAKELY LEONARD ROSSITER LESLEY ANNE OOWN 
Mimed is PANAVISWN COLOR bv Mm Mwc by HENRY MANCINI 

HO BAKAN 
M TW 
OI FOSSES 
( NEW LAUREL ) 
V 231o SAN-SIMO ■ 73A-4SS1 S 
11:3o-1:35 
3:4o 5:4$ 
8 :oo - 1o:oo 

2 SHOCKING THRILLERS TOGETHER . . 
FOR THE 2ST TIME! 

 lf only They 
A knew the had the power. 
O s 

 o n y 
X # 
Artists 

 ta 
(fantod 
ArtistsI 

RICHARD 
HARRIS 

RETURN 
O f A M A N 
CALLED HORSE" 

T r a m 
^ 
12:45-3:5o-6:55-1o:oo wise ' im O C R " 11:3o-2:35-5:35-8:4o 
B 
M 
P 
__________________ 
YOU WHI DOUBLE YOUR PLEASURE WHEN V6U SflL 

Of 

NOW SHOW ING 
Ten Tons of Animal Fury Leaps from the Screen 

• n u . 
- h m m 
S e e A P E 

M i Lh* JAWS ut Cunt Murk 
■tm t r»y i I—mint Cit | 
■ 4«nn*ki> M oi.mii I Mar 

 mc* rn wuit rn* 
A 
P 
E 

U h , . K I N G KONO 

IHI COL on 
CAPITAN 
•StfJBSS? 
ANS a 746 to JO 
NOT IN TO a* 
CAPITAN r 
OLD MW KW It M 
*Um 

12:35-2:25-4:15-445-7:55-9:45 f 

BRUCE LEE... hts death avenged fay t 
BRUCE U 
— 
I 

12:35 3:oo-3:o5-7:1o-9 15 
AT SOTH THEATRES 

 rSM ihowino in Son Antonio include: 

Aztec-3: The Awakening of Annie + 14 and Over. 
Broadway: 
The Seven- per-cent Solution. 
Central Park Fox: 
The 
E nforcer; 
King 
Kong; 
Bugsy Malone. 
Century South: Wackiest 
Wagon Train in the West; 
King Kong; The Enforcer; 
The Shaggy D. A.; Nickelo­ deon; Carrie. 

Colonies North: 
Misty 
Beethoven. 
Josephine: Born for Hell. 
L aurel: 
The 
Pink 
Panther Strikes Again. 
North Star Cinema: 
Nickelodeon; The Shaggy 
D. A. 
Northwest Six: 
Sas- quatch; The Wackiest Wa­ gon T rain in the W est; 
Carrie; House of Wax; In 
Search of Noah’s Ark; Ro­ 

 meo and Juliet 4- Friends. 
Olmos: 
In Search of 
Noah’s Ark. 
Texas: Kung Fu Punch of Death + Black Dragon 
Revenge. 
UA 4: 
In Search of 
Noah’s Ark; Silver Streak. 
UA Cine Cinco: In Search 

 of Noah’s Ark; A Star Is 
Born. 
Universal Twin: 
The 
Ritz; Misty Beethoven. 
Wonder: Silver Streak; A 
Star Is Born. 
Woodlawn: Misty Beeth­ oven; Through the looking 
Glass. 

‘The goriest and sexiest 
‘Frankenstein ever filmed. 

/ 

 flndv LUarhols frankenstein 
LIMITED 
AZTIC3 en g a g em en t #Morthwe$u 
No Bargain Matin** m s 
A. of Pas*** 
Century-6 

COLOR R 

^ um nou?^ 1! u n i t * o aw ti n m t h e a t r e s 
TIU I .SO it 
' 
" 
11 * is 

N ICKELODEON 
Stella Steves is a silent film actress in 

 com edy a t the North S tar Cinem a a n d Century South. 

 rn 

9t1o 
AT SOTH 
THEATRES 

In search of 
Itoahs t o f t 

9:3o 

PS THE MOST HILARIOUS 
SUSPENSE RIDE OF YOUR 
UFI. 

RICHARD FCYO* 
GUR MUHR teg 
( > S I L V E R 
I 
S T R E R M > 

 mm*AOA PANA MAA LL 
__ 
Art NO OOH PS AW OAH^ 
^ 
I 2:4o-2:5o 
3:oo-7:15 
9:3o 
TWC 
MINUTE 
WARNING 

IST SOtMN 
^rn 
TMO SCHUM 
^ 
I W 4 J i 7 -W t J J rn 
MO NAPPY MOU* MO - A s s is -ISA SI o 
RStfiR is B o m 

F i t I T T 
U 
P 
L f l l 8 
8 8 Ilk * 
DRAGON 
ENTER THE 
TIGER 

K i n g K o n g 

O 
W 
' 
D 
* 
) t 
M 
C 
M 
U a 
V 
' t r 
, 
[ 
> 
» 
D 
( 
> 
L u n 
T 
« 
B p 
- 
W 
C l t 
S 
' P 
I 
^ 
K 
A 
B l 
’ i 
L 
<5* o M 
C t 
S 
O 
C 
W m 
B 
I 
^oO* im 
| JiMn Gmlfrnn Rbn iA-AP-mw* h i / , f / vt 
King Kong 

Jutf Bridg es C h a r ie s G ix fan H m d u rg Jessica Lange 
CD 
C/VV Cl VKi*PORn J l 
|.W. MA Or. M IM IS S*. **4-433 I imiwwmp mumM H W 

1 2 : o o - 2 : 3 o - 5 : o o 
1 2 : 1 o - 2 : 3 o - 3 : o o 
7 : 3 o - 1 o : o o 
7 : 1 3 - 9 : 4 o 
NO BARGAIN MATINEE 
NO PASSES 
NO S P E C . ADM. TILTS. 

( E N I I I I V f , 
I O ! I l l 
V 

MIN ON A MAIN 

 i 
UPfOITtON... 

I SHOCKING STOUT 

WORLD S MOST IM­ 

IG MTSTfRYI 

S A S Q . U A T C H 

M OVIE GUIDE FOR FAM ILIES 

G : 
"G e n e ra l A u d i e n c e s F i l m c o n tains n o m aterials m ost parents are like ly to co n sid e r ob je ction ab le even for y o u n g e i ch ild re n 

P G : "P a re n ta l 
G u id a n c e 
S u g g e s t e d " 
R a tin g c a u tio n s patents they m igh t c o n sid e r so m e m aterial u n su itab le fo r ch ildre n. It urges p arents to in q u ire a b o u t the film b efore de cid in g o n attendance. 

R : 
"R e s tric te d .” F ilm c o n ta in s adult- typ e m aterial and those u n d e r I 7 ye ars o f age are not ad m itted e x ­ cept in the c o m p a n y of a parent or an ad ult gu ard ian. 

X : 
T h is is p a te n tly an ad ult typ e film an d n o o n e u nd er 17 is ad m itted 
T h e age lim it m ay be higher in so m e places. 

M o tio n P ic tu re A s s o c ia tio n o f A m e ric a 

( a c o r h e 

C. § e o tt 

I r i s h 

Y a n I V v c i c 

F O R B ID D E R , 
D E S I R E 

S TA U TS F it I H A Y 
NORTHWEST SIX • CENTURY • SAN PEDRO 

“I want everybody to run out and see this movie!" 
- Wait«i Sp*nc»f WOW RADIO 

A 
Take any kids you can lay your hands on!" ti* Simi** CosmoptMiU*' 

EXCLUSIVE! 
3RD WICK! 
5 UG5 Y 
MALONE 

JA S A M O U N T f C h M S M T i X T S 
A HOO HI St* HIOCX) MMiNMUC IN 
A GOOD* IMIS IN t UKMflSf S MOGUL IO N G I 
At An MAUU V, U M 

"■MOST MAL O M I' 

 lf* * lOSftS* Uw SCOt I SAO. Bur- 
I '..OM* O U D G ft . A * * . . J O N AV4 , » i « W 
Vttwfc - I V . to MALA A t H A M S t rn <•« wnju e D M D PU! I *«AM 

P - H u n At A JtM A iT jtiA . 
Um p . J fc r « i u A L A N W * » U I 
' Suu«*i«i t 
»•■<«> ip BSQ hi jA « ii mu«-. r 

I i H A M I M M A I I 
1%ip*«.i uUAtfpl in ttptm Suut’. 
««— ■_____ p f it. A W w l Ifcfcpp WI i 
CQ 

 p Q X CINTRA! PARK 
I 2 3 o 2 o 5 3 5 o 
5.3o-7:1 5 -9 :o o 

ACADEMY 
AW ARD WEEK 
STARTS FRIDAY! 
OLMOS 

 n i - r i i i 

 j S T S 14 
T H E GREAT GATSBY” plus "LOVE STORY” 

Sot. Jim. IS 
"LESNY” plus "LAST TANGO IN PARIS” 

Sun. Jan. 16 
El NNI LADY” plus "FL NNY CIRL” 

Mon. Jan. 17 "H ARRY & TONTO” plus "HEARTBREAK KID ” 

 loos. Jon. IS “MI RWR ON THI: ORIENT EXPRESS’ „!«»' CHINATOWN * 

Wod. Jon. 19 
TH E GODFATHER. Part ll” 

Thors. Jon. 2o 
"SLEUTH” plus "THE PAPER CH ASE” 

THE SEVEN-PER-CENT SO LUTIO N — 
Nicol William­ son as Sherlock Holmes imagines snakes are in his bed while he is under the influence of cocaine. Film is at the 
Broadway._________ 
___ 

Perrin 
- 

T w in 
- 

* 1 IO N A C O -A L L A IN 
7 4 3 ) S W M a l l ABY 4 4 1 3 C A L L A G H A N AO. 
6 S 6 -3 4 S 4 
6 7 4 - 1 3 7 1 
4 3 4 - 6 6 1 1 
1:oo-3:25-5:5o-8:15 
(PG ) 

A WALTER BRISCH PRODUCTION 

CHARLTON HESTON 
HENRY FONDA 

AUTy i i i i a 
An AFRICAN INURNATlONAl PlCTURl 
1:oo-3:25 DOM MCCURE 
5 :5 o -8 :1 5 
JOHN M eO BW SUSANPBBMUBON 

8 c»n*jni«m »>ion«l e . c l u f t Im 

1:15-2:45-4:15 f c 
5:45-7:15-8:45 

PACT 16 
IXPRESS-NIWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—-January 9,197 

Misty 

IT’S LAUGHTER UNLEASHED! 

: 

WALT DUMEY 

™* 
'Ola. 

T E C H N I C O L O R 

JOMES CONWAY P U 5N ET Y I 

■ N A JI 
^ 
J * M O B 
B IB I m / S A M 
M o o n y mom n t m i t i T A IT 

*\r. 
*■ m A N D E R S O N '" " ^ M I L L E R - ^ S T E V E N S O N 
•tempi 9,1 M W Viir* DljllttluTiOli CO AK o *$«#>»*** fetfu » [Qj .. 

Hun; I tu m l 

S W Mil Or a . B E T T E 
* 3 4 6 J } I 
" ™ 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
1:oo-3:oo-5:3o 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
7:3o-9:3o 
•wfata iw M mh daily tor MtMtrt capacity 1st first ptrformaiue only. 
___________NO PASSES 

NORTH STAR 
IO U S H 
YJ 
3 4 2 -9 3 o 4 

STRIKES A G A IN — 
#'1 
Peter Sellers disguises him­ self as Inspector Clouseau in the com edy at the Laurel. 

THE SHAGGY D. A__ 
Tim Conway has a canine friend in Disney comedy at the N orth Star Cinema and 
Century South. 

LO O P I 3 im* i M i »• 

3 U n KHOV®— S3 OO CAILOAM 

W B , * I oo.oo M OOO* M IZ U 
THIM. I I M 
CARLOAD 

 the /ong/... the legend... the movie 

Rogm o rod Productions, Inc presents 

BARBRA S IH ISAM) -n fc i KKISTOf FERSON n A BARVHOOO/JON PF URS PRQQUCliQN A SIAR IS BORN 
Produced by JQNPl URS - iW i led bv FRANK PIERSON ■ Executive Produi ti BARBRA Si RF ISAM] 
Screenplay by JOHN GREGORY DtWiE a JOAN M IN arid f RAM RENSON •: 
« jw ^ m u m mumm o u i imom 

From im tx nm Bios. j 
A War run Com m tm icalions Compony I 

 foWGlNAl iOUNOlRAU UN COLUMBIA RECORDS & TAPES WAD IHI MKHBACKfWN WARNIRBOQASj 

W IW O O O * I * * * 
I n t e r s t a t e * 
WONDER 2 

Vton(i«ilao4 Shofpmf (tty * 73? 11o7^ 
^ 
I U I on A 
Q m 
12:3o-3:oo-5:3o-8:o5 
1:45-4:2o-6:55-9*3o 
M atinee 
1:5o-4:25-7:oo-9:35 

EXPKCSS NWS SUNDAY MACAZINI-ionwory 9, 1977 
PAG! 17 

IF Y O U HA V E A TASTE FOR TERROR . . . TAKE 
“ CARRIE” TO THE P R O M . . . 

NOKIHWKI! i i i 
I O (K N IIB V f, 
I O U I H 
V 
1 

 m IO at U a* t i t aM 
•I fill 
14M 114 
S W Mil Or O' IM JS So 
o 2 4 -6 5 1 1 

1:3o-3:3o-5:3o 7:3o-9.3o 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo- 
6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 
BARGAIN MA TINK DAUT K M THI ATW CAPACITY TOR FIRST PCRFORMANCE 
ONCY. 

“ ROM EO” 
12:4o 5:oo-9:4o 
NOKINWKII 
111 
‘FRIENDS 
3:15-7:55 

TODAY AT 
NORTHWIST SIX 
NORIHWESI lit 

CHIC* O'SFUT AD KM 

(MHS M O FOUCH! 

IM I t a l laap 4*o ah C 

H O M tO A N O J U ll iT " (FGI Flu! 
M U N O S 
I 
*" WACKIIST WAGOnT.AIWIW I 
J j 
T H t W I S T " (G) 
§ 

‘SASQUATCM" (PG) 

HOUSE OF W A X " (PG) 

‘CARRIE" (R) 

IN SCARCH OF 
NOAH'S ARK" (G) 

TODAY Al 
CENTURY SOUTH 

S M M il 5 . a f ( H J S 5 * 
• 2 4 4 3 2 1 

(M KF WSFUT AO KW 

(MUS ANO FOUCH! 

| “ NICKELODEON’ (PG) 
| 
| 
“ CARRIE” (R) 
\ 

‘KING K O N G ” 

 f — “WWTWWIV!---- 
I 
S 
H 
A 
G 
G 
Y 
D 
. 
A 
. 
" 
( G 
I 
I 
I 

3 
[ 

THE ENFORCER " (R) 

"w a c k It s ? W A G O N M A I N IN 
W I W M T " (G) 
IAN FEBBO 

T I IA C I S O H N O U T D O O R 

C 
H 
E 
C 
K 
D 
I S P 
L 
A 
Y 

A 
D 
F 
O 
R 
T 
I M 
E 
S i4tre flit I H t f lr i Rd. 
494-3416 

( i f J U L l E i l 

US 
"friends 

 p c ; 
-&• 
PLUS 

SEAN BURY • ANKCE ALVINA 
MUSK BY ELTON JOHN 

(IN IU B Y f, 
S O U K 
“ 
12 oo 2 oo 
4 oo-6 oo 
B:oo- UMM 
NOIINWKII i i i 

IM •• al la** A l l aN C a n a li I..I 

•ARCARI MAUNU 
DART (OR (M U IIf 
C AFAOTT M N N Rll 
FWOUUNUONU 

Seven m en o n a 
; death d e fy in g 

 v>% e x p e d it io n . . tell the s h o c k in g story 

 of the w o rld s m ost in trig u in g m y s t e r y 1 

SASQ VATCH 

Legend or Truth? (o 

NOKINWEIT g C E N I U I Y f , i l l 
EE J 
I O ! I N 
E J 

IM IR I U t* AIR aN CM a# aa (aw 
1444114 
I A I A l D r a l IN l l l a 
• 2 4 - 6 3 2 1 

BOTH THEATRES 12:oo-2.oo 4 oo 6 oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
BARGAIN MATINEE oAHY FOR THEATRE CAPACITY FOR FIRST PERFORMANCE ONLY. 

The W A C K IE S T two guys ever to lead a wagon tran across the W ILD west1 

BOB DENVER 
' GRUGAN 
FORREST TUCKER 
THE f T RO U P HAAN 

T H E W A C K IE S T W A G O N 
TRAIN IN THE WEST** 

 f 12 3o2QS 
IlfcfjlL T lT T T T Y ^ 4 1 1 no bargain 
I 4o S I 5 
I 
MATIMU 

4 : 5 o - 8 
: 2 5 - K 
M 
X 
) 
IM I t a* le a f A lt aN <allafltaa f in 
M * 4114 ultimate REALISM! 

| LEAPS OFF THE SCREEN.. ONTO YOUR IAP!] 

The Sensational NEW Third Dimensional 
Film Process you have been reading about. 

VINCENT 
PRICE in his most ttrnlyinf ro<t 

 t iP 

(A C H N CO CO A 
A Mind Bend int Adventure 
VINCENT PRICE • CHARLES BRONSON— 
TOGETHER IN THEIR MOST TERRIFYING ROLESI 
— DON T COME SEE IT ALONE. 

“KUNG 
FU” l l IS 1 » -S > 4 5 M R 
-------— f - 
^ 
CT SC ^ ^ 
E- HddaNkn lr 

 l l 53 4 l# / « 
“ K U N G FU PU N CH 
O F DEATH” (R) 
PLUS 
RON VAN CLIEF 

4 TIMES WORLD CHAMPION IN 
“ THE BLACK 
D R A G O N ’S 
^ R E V E N G E ” (R) 

 f ONLY THEY RNE 

I 
“ T M 
R 
I 
T 
Z 
" 
( R | 

P I U S 

I 
“ L 
A 
W 
A 
N 
O 

P t 
S 
O 
R 
P 
E 
R 
" p t ) 

‘ T W O K U N U n 
W A M M IN O 
(I) 
W O S 
“cion 
S A N C T IO N 
(• ( 

UNIVERSAL 
SUN.: 12:45-2:35-4:25-6:15-8 o5-1 O OO 

SAN PEDRO 

VALLEY HI 

MISSION 

“ TNE R IT Z ” 7:3o-11:oo 

‘ L A W A N D D IS O R D E R " 9:2o 

“ Splendiferously 
Funny/ 9 —Penelope G KhtH 

The N e u Y o rk e r 

JACK WESTON • RITA 

MORENO • JERRY 

STILLER • KAYE BALLARD 

HELL OF A GOOD TIME. 
- Lur SfnitFi Cosmopolitan Magazine 
See I " 
TO ] g. 

_ : C K E L O D E o1 

R Y A N O ’N EAL • BURT R EY N O LD S 
• TATU M O N EAL • BRIAN KEITH 

IM IO al ia a f 41o aM CaHafMan (ail 
14*4114 

Bargain matin** daily For theatre capacity for first performance only. 

TWO OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL LOVE STORIES 
EVER MADE — TOGETHER FOR ALL AGES TO 
ENJOY! 

 jWVIA HUSSEY/LEONARD W H IM 

MHO O SHEA M M I YOAK 

PAGE IS 
EXPRESS E S SUNDAY MAGAZINE—January 9,1977 

ERNEST BORGNINE 
• CARROLL O CONNER 
— STAR Of "A U IN TNE FAMILY*’ (R) 

 y l A W A N D P fO W IH C fl 

2ND FEATURE 

AT DRIVE INS ONLY: 

CLINT EASTWOOD IS 
DIRTY HARRY 

THE ENFORCER 

SIL V E R S T R E A K — 
Gene W ilder holds a gun on b ad guy Patrick M cGoohan in action comedy at the W onder and 
UA 4. 
T H I ENFORCERC/int Eastwood plays Dirty Harry in action film at the Central Park Fox and Century South. 

/^UNIVERSAL 
W OODLAW N ll.A. CINI CINCO 
SAN PEDRO 
" T W O M IN U TE W A R N IN G 
7 :3 o -1 1 :5 o (R) 

"E IG E R S A N C T IO N " 
9 :45 (R) 

COLONIES 
MISSION 
VARSITY 

91,ooo People. 
33 Exit Gates 
One Sniper... 
Misty 
Beethoven 

PLUS 

2nd feature at 
Town Twin only! 
2nd Feature at Trail only! 
“ THE PRIVATE 
AFTERNO O NS OF 
P A M ELA M A N N IX 

TRIPLE X! 
HMM 
•) Im tii 
494 34 24 

A 
P lu s ( ( T U C 4?1 
192o frederick .tov. Q Bd 
71J.J3 1 J 

*i non a of \ht... a 
Ulm beyond space and time where nothing is forbidden and everything is perm itted’ 
-mtuwu- 

139 W Jo.oph.n. 
7 31 H J J 
THE CRIME THAT BECAME HEADLINES 

 r.od I d So o* lo o p 4 1o 
734 7193 

ALL BA iiC RITUALS IN THE 
A AMA SUTRA “ 
M I IU D 

NO BARGAIN MATINEES & PASSES! 

PQ^CINTRAI PHR* 
BORN f o r HELL! 
V 
— 
----------------------- - — s \ i 

S W Md O’ af IM IS So 
934 A S H ll 2-4-»»io 
_ _ 

(EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE-January 9, 1977 

Last year 

Nashville to cut a record. 
(He hasn’t been here yet) . 
. . Tjtrnmy Wynette under­ went a gall bladder operation. Meanwhile there were rumors her marriage was shaky . . . Johnny and 
June Carter Cash taped a guest shot on the “ Little 
House On The Prairie” 
TVer. 
S E P T EM B ER - Loretta 
Lynn was boasting that her weight was up to 135 pounds and that she never felt better . . . Connie 
Smith gave birth to a girl . 
. . A thief visited Eddy 
Arnold’s yacht and made off with everything that wasn't bolted down . . . 
Dathy Twitty. daughter of 
Conway & Mickey Twitty. was crowned “ The World’s 
Ideal Miss” in a pageant at 
Baton Rouge, La. . . . 
Tammy Wynette officially announced she was divorc­ ing her husband of two months, J. Michael Tom­ lin. (Ile was Tam m y’s fourth) . . . Roger Miller was on CB radio telling 

 listeners his handle was 
“ King of the Road.” (It figured.) 
OCTOBER - Mel Tillis shaved off his mustache — j after a month’s “ experi­ ment” . . . Merle Haggard filmed a role in “ The Wal­ tons” series . . . Oct. 9 was 
“ Jeanne Pruett Day” in her hometown of Pell City, 
Ala. . . . Roy Acuff was back on the Opry state — and wearing boots for the first time! . . . Roy Clark bought a home in Tulsa. It has 34 rooms — 18 of w hich are bathrooms. 
(M r. 
Clean?) . . . Arthur God­ frey, here to tape a TV show, said. “ Grits is a ter­ rible thing to do to an ear of corn.” . . . David Dudley was temporarily sidelined 
(as a guitar player) after suffering two broken arms in an auto accident. 
N O V E M B E R 
- 
Stonewall Jackson under­ went eye surgery (for re­ moval of cataracts) . . . 
Brenda Iah? went to Plains, 
Ga. to sing at President­ elect Jimmy Carter’s? “ vie- tory reception.” . . . Roy 

Acuff was back in the ho­ spital; this time for remo­ val of gall bladder . . . 
Boots Randolph soled with 

 the San Antonio Symphony. 
D E C E M B E R - There were rumors that Dolly 
Parton was changing her 

 image, but she said by way of denial, “ I ’m country and 
I’m going to stay that way 
— for evermore.” . . . 

Waylon Jennings was ap­ pointed “ honorary police chief” for the Metro Nash­ ville force . . . Bill Ander­ son was rehearsing an all new “ Po’ Boys” band . . . 
Charley Pride was search­ ing for a new piano player for his band. 

San Antonio 
Symphony 

Jan. lot Carm en Balthrop 
Soprano 
Theo Alcantara conducting t7 :3 o pm 
Laurie Auditorium 

Jan. 28 & 3o 
W agner’s 
Rienzi 
A San Antonio 
Grand Opera Premiere 
Starring 
Jam es McCray, 
Jan et Price 
John Mauceri conducting 
This production la m ade possible by the generous contribution of The 
Ewing liaised 
Foundation. 

Fd>. 2 
Wed. Pops 
Erie Knight com poser/arranger 
Boston Pops 
Roger Melone conducting 

Tickets: 
Subscription Series 
$3 to $6.5o 
Pops 
$5 and $6 
Opera 
$5.5o to $12.5o 
Also available at Record Hole 
Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

“TWO OF YOU, 
TWO OF US” 

TO RESERVE TICKETS 
CALL 6 8 4 -7 7 4 4 

D O O R P R I Z E S TO B E G IV E N 
A W A Y AT 
“T W O O E YO U. T W O O F U S ” 

• G ildem eister's 
- A $1oo gift certificate 
• K e lly S che rre r 
A beautiful bridal bouquet 
• Ph o to g ra p h y by Lou S w e n s o n 
A I 6 " x 2 o o u td o o rc o lo r bridal portrait 
• Hilton P a lacio del Rio - A silver w edding cake knife & server set 
• B ride 'N Form al 
An elegant bridal gown as shown in the show 
• A ls Form al W e a r 
5 o % off certificate for everyo n e in your wedding party 

Al’* Form al W ear . 
For over 25 years. Al's has been the 
S o u th w e s t^ m e n s form al w ear lead er 
This year is no exception W e're featurin g m ore new styles than ever b efo re , and y o u ’ll see them all at “Tw o of you. Tw o of us". Your groom w ill look his ab so lu te best in a tuxedo from Al s Fo rm al W e a r ... the 
Le a d e r 
There are four lo catio n s in 
San 
A n to n io 
— 
6 84 8 San P e d ro , 5oo3 W alzem , 
1332 S 
W 
M ilita ry, and 5752 
Evers S e e you at the Sh o w 
KeHy-Schenrer Flowers* 
K e lly - S c h e r r e r F lo w e r s h o p s have been San A nto n io 's w ed ding flo w e r sp e cialists since 
1929 
Flo w e rs are an integ ral part of every w edd ing , and yours m ust be p erfect To insure th is. c a ll a m e m b e r o f 
K e lly * 
S ch e rre r's p ro fe ss io n a l c o n s u l­ tant staff b eau tifu l w edding s a re th e ir b u s in e s s 
K e lly - 
S c h e r r e r , “ Sa n A n to n io ’s m aster flo r is t .is a p articip atin g sp o n so r of “ Tw o of you, Tw o of u s" 
T here are two 
K e lly S ch e rre r lo catio n s in San A n to n io — 326 
W 
Jo s e p h in e & 
155 G ill by 
W o n d e rla n d 

PACI 2o 
EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— january 9, 1977 
FOR/VWL 
R 

Bride ’N Formal 
At "T w o of you. Tw o of u s". B rid e 
'N 
F o rm a l w ill p re s e n t the n e w e s t s p rin g a n d s u m m e r b r id a l fa s h io n s fro m th e ir largest in stock se lectio n in 
Texas 
You and your w edding party w ill see elegant n atio n a lly ad ve rtise d g o w n s, b rid esm aid d re s se s , m others d re s ses , and brid al acce s so rie s 
All in price ra n g e s you m u st s h o p to b e lie v e 
C o m m e n ta tin g the show w ill be Cam m y C u m m in g s, 
B rid e 
'N 
Fo rm al buyer and c o n s u lta n t, and Tom S a n k a ry . 
V ice P re s id e n t of 
Al's 
Form al 
W e ar lf you've seen the w edd ing gow n of your ch o ice in "B r id e ' or 
M o d e rn 
B r i d e ” m a g a z in e s , m ost lik e ly you'll find it at B rid e 
'N Fo rm al There are three B rid e 
'N 
Fo rm al lo catio n s in 
San 
A n to n io 
— 5754 
E v e rs . 5oo3 
W a lz e m .a n d 133o S W M ilitary 
D rive 

G ildem eister’s * 
G ild em e iste r's is also a p a rtic i­ pating sp o n so r of “ Two of you. 
Two of u s" G ild e m e iste r's is a lo c a lly o w n e d 
S a n 
A n to n io b u sin ess in its fourth genera lio n Y o u 'll find that 86 years of e x p erie n ce, fam ily pride, trad* lio n , and integ rity does m ake a b ig d iffe r e n c e w h en y o u 're sele ctin g that perfect diam ond ring 
N atu rally you are looking for the m ost b eau tifu l diam ond at a price w ithin your budget 
But you also know you must have h onest ad vice b ecause you can't tell a d iam on d s value “just by I o o k in g ” G ild e m e iste r's c e rti­ fied G em o lo g ists w ill show you d iam on d s of d ifferen t q u ality in the D iam o n d scope so that you 

A W edding Show p resen ted by Bride ’N Formal, Al’s 
Formal Wear and Friends *, M onday, January 1oth, 1977, at th e Hilton Palacio d el Rio, Main B allroom , 8 p.m . 

 can p ro p erly e v a lu a te the ones you are co n sid e rin g 
At G lid e m e is te r's yo u fin d e x c itin g w edd ing sets that are d is tin c ­ tive . and d ifferen t from the 
"sam e old style s", and 
G ild e ­ m e is te r's u n d e rs ta n d s yo u n g budgets G ild e m e iste r's 
2o9 F 
Travis and 676 N orth Star M all 
Photography by 
Loa Sw anson* 
E x celle n ce is an o b sessio n with 
Lou Sw e n s o n 
He takes your 
W e d d in g D a y very se rio u sly, and he's com m itted lo tell the story of your w edd ing in b eau tifu l and c r e a t iv e c a n d id p h o to g ra p h s that w ill p reserve your sp e cial d ay fo rever P h o to g ra p h y by Lou 
S w e n s o n offers W e d d in g p a ck ­ ages startin g as low as $2oo OO 
T here are no hidden charges and you'll re ce ive an elegant art leath er album w ith your W e d ­ ding package 
Y o u l! pay no cam era charges or overtim e fees when Lou S w e n s o n takes your w edd ing p ictures 
B la ck and 
W h ite N ew sp ap e r glossies are inclu d ed in your package p rice, and th e re s no long watt for your fin ish ed album 
Lo u Sw e n so n d elivers in on ly seven d ays. 
P h o to g ra p h y by Lou Sw e n s o n — 
6527 B a n d e ra R o ad in S e n e ca 
Plaz a Visit with Lou Sw e n s o n at 
"T w o of yo u. Tw o of us" 
Brid<^n 
Formal 

JEANE 
DIXON 
SAYS 
JACKIE 
MAY 
WED 

— PAGES 6-7 

RAQUEL WELCH RETURNS TO OLD FLAME— PAGE 5 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK... 

LAUREN BACALL, after being told she is the “secret fancy” of Britain’s 
Prince Charles: “ I fancy him as well, but I don t think his mother would ap­ prove.” 
JANE HARLEY, a teacher at Stevens 
Elementary School, Washington, D.C., where Amy Carter will attend classes when her father is in the White House: 
“Some parents are even willing to bring their kids in from Maryland and 
Virginia and pay $1,ooo tuition fee to attend a free public school just to be in the same class as the President’s daughter.” 
REV. BILLY GRAHAM, evangelist and teetotaler, on drinking: “I do not believe that the Bible teaches teetotal­ ism. Jesus drank wine. Jesus turned water into wine at a wedding feast. 
That wasn't grape juice as some of them try to claim.” 
MAKIL NE 
DIE­ 
TRICH, celebrating her 
72nd birthday — or was it 75th? — told news­ men: “If you want to ask me any questions, you should write me a letter — and I may an­ swer.” 
Billy Graham 
TONY CURTIS, on his new career as a writer: 
"I love writing. I love playing God and con­ trolling the actions (rf my characters. It isn’t like in movies where 
I’m just a hired hand.” 
FARRAH 
FAWCETT- 
MAJORS, 
Charlies prettiest Angel talking Fawcett-Major* about her image as a sex symbol: “It s the old Marilyn 
Monroe syndrome. Nobody takes a pretty girl seriously.” 

MAX VON SYDOW, reflecting on his 
25-year-rnarriage 
Most actors are neurotic, and there are problems when an actor’s married to someone outside his profession. It’s difficult to see your husband in bed with someone else in a film.” 
JERRY LEE LEWIS, the wild man of rock ’n’ roll, talking to a reporter af­ ter being arrested for drunken driv­ ing: "You all hate my guts or some­ thing I’m no angel, but I’m a pretty nice guy.” 
ELIZABETH RAY, Capitol Hill s most famous secretary “ 1976 was such a crisis in my life that 1977 has got to be better If things don't go well for me in acting. I have no alternatives. ITI starve.” 

$2oo,ooo trip home for Susan 
HOM PIS I CK actress Susan George arrives in her native Ping I and for a brief winter vacation that will cost her a cool $2oo,ooo 
Susan, who has been living in sunny California for eight months, needed to stay abroad another three months to avoid paying 
Britain’s hefty taxes 
But the former girlfriend of singer Jack Jones explained “ I just couldn’t bear the thought of spending winter away from my parents ’ 

EVERY WEEK 
THE MOST 
INTERESTING 
PEOPLE ARE 
IN THE STAR 

Cher catches up 

SUPERSTAR Cher knows how to find out what's happening — she’s reading THE STAR. 
She picked up our issue with the front page story revealing exclusively that she is among the top entertainers who will be asked to per­ form at White House functions hosted by Jimmy 

 with THE STAR 

Carter. A dose friend of Cher’s told her about the story over drinks at Pips nightclub in Los 
Angeles, and she couldn't wait to read it for herself. 
But then all the top stars read THE STAR — to find out what’s happening. 
The gift of the garb... 

THE hat docs were on Ted and Ethel Kennedy for these lucky children at New York’s famed Nathan’s restaurant. Earlier, the Senator and his wife had takes the neighborhood kids skating at a rink In the city’s poor Bedford-Stuyvesant section. It was built with financial help from the Kennedys. 

Gulp! Student is hot dog champ 

STUDENT Barry Waldner has broken the world record for eating hot dogs Waldner, 22 of Norwalk, Conn., ate 21 of them in four minutes and 15 seconds The previous record, listed in the Guinness Book of 
World Records, was 2o hot dogs in four minutes and 47 seconds 

Kennedys play host to hot dog kids 
Sellers snubs the Royals 
PETER SELLERS snubbed Brit­ ain’s Royal Family when he re­ fused to turn up for the london premiere of his film, The Pink 
Panther Strikes Again 
Sellers shunned the screening, attended by Prince Charles, because he couldn’t get a ticket for his bn- de-to-be Lynne Frederick (above). 

TENNIS champ Chris Evert, just 
22. shows off her favorite birthday gift, an apron given her by an ad mirer. “ ll sums up my sentiments entirely,” she says. 

 i Christina, Caroline put 
‘ family feud behind them 
Psychiatrist: 
How to avoid frustration 

YOU can eliminate a lot of pain from your life by learning to avoid frustration, says psychia­ trist Dr. Norman Brandos. 
He says: “ Frustration can lead to depression, headaches, loss of appetite and all kinds of other illnesses.'' 
Dr. Brandos, of Ohio State Uni­ versity, suggests these five tips to help you avoid feelings of disap pointmen!. 
I: Learn to use simple emotion­ al blocks to ward off the frustra­ tion. 
“Tell yourself, ‘Stop worrying about it now.’ Go to a movie, play tennis, or go to sleep. 
“ This will give you more time to think the situation through It increases your coping mechanism and helps you feel less frustrat­ ed." 
2: “Set realistic goals. When one loses goals or doesn't have goals to look forward to, one tends to go downhill. So don't be afraid to lower your sights. 
“ Otherwise, you are setting yourself up to be frustrated." 
3: “ Don’t say no when you mean yes. 
“ For example, a man calls a young lady at six o’clock Friday night and says he has tickets for a concert 
Although she really wants to go out with him. she feels it’s not right to accept a spur of the moment request 
“ She refuses, and the young man doesn’t call again. The girl is left feeling frustrated " 
4: Don't make important deci­ sions if you have been drinking, are angry, or feel depressed 
“ Give yourself time to think and talk over your decision or the possible situation you are getting into. 
“Get some feedback from someone who is not emotionally involved in the decision you are about to make 
5: “ When you’re living very close to a situation that you find frustrating, you may not be able to put your linger on the caus** of it. 
“ Seek help from a third party who is not emotionally involved. 
He can often put his finger on the problem and help you to see it. 
And this can make all the differ­ ence ” 

DRIVING OUT 
DIRTY WORDS 

THE TASK of keeping obscenity off Minnesota's roads has fallen to an unmarried woman. 
Miss Mary Williams, director of the State Motor Services Division, has the job of keeping the person­ alized license plates respectable. 
She said lier department will ensure the six letter plates are not 
“obscene, indecent, or of an im­ moral nature or offensive to pub- 
, lie morals . 
To avoid anything questionable getting through. Miss Williams has even read up on foreign lan­ guage profanity 
“ I think I am up on most of the 
American words, but someone 

 i could slip in a foreign one So I'll 
! keep right on reading," she said 

CHRISTINA ONASSIS (left) and Princess Caroline of Monaco are put­ ting an end to a bitter feud that left their fathers glaring at each other for years. Ari fell out with Prince Rainier over a casino deal in Monte 
Carlo. 
But recently, Christina sent a personal invitation to Caroline to at­ tend a party in Paris. And later that night the two girls cemented their friendship with an energetic tour of the city’s nightclubs. 
Humphrey is back at the wheel 

HUBERT HUMPHREY looks fit and happy during a getaway- from-it-ali vacation in the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. 

The 6S-year-old Senator, who only a few months ago underwent major surgery to have his bladder removed, was at the wheel of the charter boat Sandavore with his wife, Muriel. 

The Humphreys spent a week in the Islands to help him recover from his serious illness. 
They spent Oiristmax at their home in Waverly, 
Minn., with their four children and nine grandchildren. 
Humphrey is now back at work in Washington, after making what his doctors say was a “remark­ able recovery.” 

Family friends are betting that 
Billy will try to buck convention at the grand inaugural ball in the 
White House 
Normal dress for this swankest event on the social calendar is white-tie and tails 
But Billy's wife Sybil will probably have to twist his arm just to get him into an otdinary dark suit and tie. 
And while the Vips are sipping their champagne. Billy will have his working man’s fist wrapped around a beer as a tribute to the new company he’s keeping. 

Carter's 

 beer-drinking 

 brother has 

Washington 

 wjncing 

BILLY CARTER, above, the beer-chugging brother of the President-elect, has Washing­ ton’s stuffed shirts buzzing over their m ar­ tinis 
They’ve already been shocked by Jimmy’s decision to thumb his nose at the traditional top-hat and morning coat outfit for his inau­ guration January 2o. 
Now they are wincing at the prospect of 
Billy turning up with his plump belly pro­ tected by his favorite sloppy blue cardigan 
It s become his trademark — as much a g 

 irt of him as the can of Pabst Blue Ribbon 
*er that rarely leaves his hand when he’s relaxing at his gas station on the main street of Plains, Ga. 

MAC DAVIS to getting over the loss of his wife Sarah to rival singer 
Glen Campbell with a little help from some beautiful friends. One of them is production assistant Sheryl Gunn, seen with him here at the 
Hollywood premiere of A Star Is Born. They were introduced by Sher­ yl’s boss Jon Peters, who produced the movie. 

But it s a little known fact, and one that Billy goes out of his way to hide, that he out shone his brother at school 
Her mother, 
Miss Lillian, says “ Billy made more As in school than Jimmy. 
He can hold his own ” 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

MY FRIEND and neighbor was a little old lady living alone who seemed to spend her whole time training her poodle. 
On her 75th birthday recently I baked her a beautiful three-layer cake with a nice frosting. I took it to her house and she was delight­ ed. She put the cake on the table. 
We were in the kitchen getting coffee and when we came out to the table there sat Snookims the poodle, licking off the frosting, right on the table. 
My friend said: “Oh, look, isn t that too cute.” 
The she said. “Snookims baby. you can have the cake.” 
We had cookies and coffee I was boiling inside but I guess the dog was happy. —. Jean West, 
Round Lake, 111. 

Supermarket Rolls 

I OVERHEARD this wise com­ ment recently: 
“ Anyone who thinks the Rolls-Royce is still the world s most expensive vehicle hasn't been pushing a cart in a su­ permarket lately.” 
— 
Rosalie 
Zimmerman, Tecumseh, Mich. 

Arresting star 

FORGET Kojak. the sexiest cop on TV has to be Hal Linden of 
Barney Miller. He could arrest me any day. And if you’ve ever heard him singing — 
WOW! 
That’s something else — Shirley 
Fidler, Detroit, Mich. 

Joyride 

A COUPLE of my old married friends took me for a drive re­ cently along a highway where a lot of roadwork was in progress. 
We came to a sign that said 
“Road Block Ahead. 
Our driver said “ Well, I can’t see anything 

A cake that went to the 

Hal Linden:Sexy cop a reader’s choice. See letter, left on the road ahead,” so he risked it. 
After about a mile the road made a sudden turn and sure enough, there was the road block. 
My friend turned and drove back and when we reached the road block sign, we saw that on the reverse side, facing us, it read: "Enjoy your ride, stupid’ ” 
— Mrs. Ethel Miller, Porterville, 
(alif. 
Well done . . . 

MY husband and I run a grocery store in a small town. Recently we had a civic elections in which my husband ran for the mayor, and won A lot of people came by and congratulated him. 
One afternoon an elderly lady who is not too fluent in English 

 congratulated him, then added: 
“ It’s good for you ” — Mrs. Hay 
Sereda. Foam Lake, Sash Cana­ da. 
Non-smoker 

DR. DAVID STRY, of the Villa 
Vegetariana Health Spa in Cuma- vaca, Mexico, has stipulated in his will that he is to be buried in the non-smoking section of the ce­ metary — Dr. David Stry, Cuer­ navaca, Mexico. 
Paffynitions 

THESE are my daffynitions: 
Belly dancer — a naval maneu­ ver. 
Garrulous cabbie — a gab driv­ er. 
Telephone operator — operator in the talk market. 
Snow shoveler- a white slaver. 
Slipshod — what any skier is. 
Specialize — marvelous orbs — 
Everett M. MacKeen, Swamps­ cott, Me. 
Kid for sale 

HERE’S a couple of signs I saw on my way to Syracuse, New 
York. The first one said: “ Ice cream man please turn here” and the other said: "Kid for Sale $3o, signed Billy” . — Cheryl McBain. 
Taberg, New York. 
Country boy 

WHEN I first arrived in the big city from the Ozarks, it was a dark, rainy day. Many of the old 
Cowboy who hates school 

A FRIEND S little boy who start­ ed school went up to his teacher only a few days after he started and said: “ I’m not coming to school anymore." 
When his teacher asked why, he replied: “ Because it is a waste of cowboy time .” — L. Watson, Vic­ toria, British Columbia. 
Please don’t chew 

I OVERHEARD my five year-old irien granddaughter talking to her u?ac^inf v_ J brand new puppy. “ You mustn't 
Lord’s Pra 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS S A Y 

 tiny seed inside you then Diane in­ terrupted and said: "is that why we’re called human beans7” — 
Patrice Legg, Medford, Md. 

Commandments 

 chew me,’ sne was saying, 
“ bones are for chewing, people are for lapping ” — Mrs. Lauries 
Besin, Indianapolis, Ind. 
Human beans 

I AM only 12 but when my friend 
Diane was three or four she asked ber mother where babies come from Her mother said there s a 

MY friend’s clergyman was teaching some youngsters the 
Lord’s Prayer and the Ten Com­ mandments 
He asked a small boy if he knew the 7th command­ ment and Johnny stood up and said ’ Thou Shalt Not Admit Ad­ ultery.” — L.E. Dawson, Nash­ ville, Tenn. 
Heavy drinker 

AFTER a visit to the dentist I took my three-year-old nephew to 

 lunch. He was very fond of milk shakes and ordered one as soon as he gave his order. When he finished, the waitress compli­ mented him on being a “good eat­ er” . His reply was: 
Yes and I’m a heavy drinker too” . — Nora 
(.arlington, Bridgeville, Pa. 
Stumped 

WHILE on her first camping ex­ perience in the mountains, our daughter, Misty, three, was walk­ ing down an old logging road when, for the first time, she no­ ticed a sawed-off tree stump. She was astonished. 
’’Mommy, look,” she ex­ claimed, “ that tree fell off.” — 
Mrs. Del Driskeli, Walla Walla, 
Wn. 
Star sign 

Please pray for. 

MY HUSBAND AND MYSELF . . . that God will give us a child be­ cause He is our only hope — Mrs. F. Lozia, Lynwood, Calif. 
PRESIDENT JIMMY CARTER . . . that God will give him the strength to do the things that have to be done for our country. — Mrs. Nancy 
Ohnstead, Toledo, Ohio. 
MY MOTHER . , a widow of 45 years and totally disabled from three strokes, that she get the strength to keep on living. — Mrs. Michael 
T. Scotch, Niles, Ohio 
MY TWO GRANDCHILDREN . . . that I will hear from them because I worry so much about them and love them very much. — Mrs. Esther 
Johnson, Harlingen, Tex. 
DEBBIE, MY SISTER . . , who is mentally retarded, that people treat her as a person — Theresa, Bristol, Coon. 
AND all the Star readers who asked for prayers. 

A GROUP of friends and I were discussing horoscopes one day and my nine-year-old daughter was asked what sign I was bom under 
Before 
I could answer my daughter said: "My mom is a vir­ gin’ . Needless to say we all had a good laugh — Barbara Bennet, 
Atlantic City, N.J. 
Smart shopper 

WHILE grocery shopping my daughter pointed to a head of cau­ liflower and said: 
"Mother, why don’t you buy some of that lettuce with the cottage cheese al­ ready on it.” — J. Stamzvk, Chi­ cago, III. 

 really dogs! 

 buildings were still black with coal smoke from days gone by, and I thought it must be the gloomiest place in the world. One rainy morning I boarded a loaded bus and headed for work down­ town. The passengers looked as if they never had a friend and didn't want one. 
Then the bus driver pulled the bus to the curb at a busy intersec­ tion, set the brakes, and left by the front door. He crossed to the other side of the street, where a lady with a white cane stood. 
She took the driver’s arm, and 

 he helped her across the street and onto the bus. 

Since that moment, the big city has not been half as bad as my first impression of it. — John 
Loveland, Saint Louis, Mo. 

Shocker 

IT WAS dark when I returned to my apartment one night and I had to reach up to turn on the switch for the hall light. 

As I did so, I got the shock of my life as I put my hand into the hairy, bearded face of a man standing in the dark. 

I yelled and ran one way, and the man ran the other way. He did not live there, as the landlady saw him run across the yard. Be­ lieve me, new locks were installed and lights kept on in the hall after that. — Jean West Round Lake, 
HI. 

Dirty diapers go on show 

AMERICAN artist Mary Kelly has just opened an exhibi­ tion...of her baby’s dirty diapers. The framed diapers are on display in london’s Institute of Contemporary Art—complete with a catalog of what the baby ate In order to produce the design. "I want this to be taken seriously," the artist said this week: "It’s art because I say it is." 

Globetrotter Lenka, 18, is aiming for stardom 

LOVELY Lenka Novak Is only 18, but she’s already quite a globetrot­ ter. She fled her native Czechoslovakia with her parents when she was 
12, during the Soviet Invasion. They settled in Sweden, where Lenka became a top photographic model. Now she’s la the U.S., hoping to make a name for herself In movies and television. 

THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— January 
9, 1977 
PAGE 5 

By IVOR KEY 

Raquel Welch tells how she fell in love again with old flame Talsky 

 chronicled in local newspapers and on TV. 
At the time, the enraptured Ra­ quel said of him: “I can’t stand men who come on strong. 
“ Paulo is cool, very sensitive and sophisticated " 
But 38-year-old Eon said Raquel now refers to her ex-lover as a 
.boy. 
“She felt it was a total mistake on her part - she kicks herself for it,** he said. 
“She felt dumb and thinks she should have known better at thus stage of her fife. 
“She says she’s never been able to find anybody to follow my act, as far as strength and understand­ ing. That’s what she needs. 
“ But I’m glad she had her fling because it makes me look ten times better. 
“ My friend Otto Preminger has always said we d be back togeth er. Lots of people felt it would happen and that it’ll finish up with the two of us getting m ar­ ried. 
“We don’t know where it will lead to yet. The thing with Paulo was an experience for her. She’s always haa somebody protecting, shielding her That’s not right.’ 
Both Raquel and Ron have been married twice before. The couple met up again in November after she finished a cabaret stint in 
Reno. Nev 
Ron recalled “She called me the minute she arrived back home in Beverly Hills and asked how I was. 
“We’d talked maybe 2o times since we split, but somehow this was a different conversation. 
“ I suggested I come over to her house. I told her I wanted to see what she looked like 
“ I must have packed about 14 drinks into me. 
“I walked over and stormed through the house and told her 
‘You’re looking pretty good, 
Mamma.’ 
“She asked me what I was doing for the weekend I told her I was off to my house on Catalina to see my kids She asked if she could come over Saturday. 
“ By God. she showed up. We talked the entire weekend, walked and stayed on the beach. We dis­ cussed a lot of things. 
“The weekend turned into a beautiful time for the two of us 
All the magic came back 
“ It seemed as if the nine month gap had never been there 
“During the time we were apart she used to call me. She even asked me if I was still going with 
Luci Amaz 
“She was just keeping in touch 
Keeping a finger in the pie ” 
Raquel and Ron both made it clear that they intend to be more careful with their relationsmp now that they've put it back to aether. It means a lot to them and they want it to last a long, long time 

SHAPELY sex symbol Raquel Welch, 36, has broken off her tor­ rid romance with rock manager Paulo Pilla — and gone back to her old boyfriend, bearded Ron Talsky. 
The love affair with the Brazilian beau, who was three years her jun­ ior, turned sour after Raquel's father died last summer. 
This week Raquel said: “Yes, ifs true Ron and I are back together again. We’ve been in love before, perhaps we never really fell out of love. That's why we were able to pick it up again so quickly. 
“It’s fantastic to start the New Year with a solid love between us. 
My resolution is to make it keep on getting better than it already is." 
Ron chipped in: “I hadn’t seen her for the entire nine months she was going out with Pilla. 
“ I packed about 14 drinks into me so I was slightly drunk, stormed through the house and told her, ’You’re looking pretty good. Mamma.”' 

The man who won her back 
THIS is bearded, debonair Ron Talsky, the man Raquel Welch went back to atter she split with her Brazilian boyfriend 
Paulo Pilla (right). 
During her torrid nine-month affair with Pifla, she flew frequently to Rio to be with him, and he opened an office near her home in Los Angeles. 
Brazilians jokingly dubbed a local in­ fluenza epidemic atter him because “it struck like lightning and put you to bed." 
But Raquel says PUla let her down af­ ter her father died. 
“She feels the relationship was a total mistake," says Ron. “She kicks herself about it now." 

Raquel and Talsky were speaking 
Ron said 
‘You’re looking good, 
Mamma* and suddenly love flared 

 rn 

* • • 

HOW TO SAVE ON CAR RENTALS 
SHOP around and watch for hid­ den costs when renting a car dur­ ing your vacation, the American 
Automobile Association advises. . 
AAA offered the following tips for making sure you get the best rental deal. 
•Plan your trip so the period of the rental is kept to a minimum.’ 
•Compare all charges and con­ ditions. not just those the rental firm features. Know whether the price includes gas. oil. insurance, automatic transmission and air conditioning. 

•Try to rent your car outside the airport terminal area. where costs are higher. 
•Bt* sure charges extend only from the time you start driving the car until you turn it in. rather than from one specific date to another. 
•Take advantage of specials, such as one-way offers and unlim­ ited mileage plans But read the fine print in such contracts 
•Try for a discount They are often available to teachers, der 

 gymen. lawyers and other profes­ sional people as well as to em­ ployees of large companies even on private rentals. 
• If you supply the gas as part of the rental contract, estimate carefully how much you’ll need so that you don't give the company’s next customer the benefit of high- priced fuel you’ve paid for. 
“A car rental is often the most practical and economical way to enjoy a vacation — but if you ar­ en t careful, it can also seriously deplete your vacation budget. said an AAA spokesman 

 exclusively to THE STAR from a house at Palm Springs they rent­ ed for the holidays With them were Raquel’s two children Da­ mon, 16, and Tahnee, 14, and 
Ron’s three children 
Raquel said of her break-up with Pilla, “ I was totally disap­ pointed in him. He just wasn't the man I thought I could lean on when my father died. 
“ I needed a lot of strength and understanding and it just wasn’t there when I needed it. 
“ It should have been a worth while thing but it turned out a failure. The thing with Paulo is over. 
“He may not even say that it is, which may be an example of why it didn’t work out ” 
Now that she’s gone back to 
Roo. a dress designer-tumed-TV- fi Im producer whom she dated for four years after her second mar­ riage ended in 1972, Raquel said 
‘^laybe this time around we ll finish up buying a taco stand in 
Mexico and hiding from the world. 
"That was the dream joke the two of us talked about doing as a place to keep our feelings for each other pnvate and out of the limelight. 
“ I’ve never stopped talking about him and because we’ve al­ ways had such a wonderful thing between us I always made mire I kept informed on what he was up to. 
“ It’s great that we were all to- 
S ether for the holidays. My chil- ren have always got along fan­ tastically with his kids and so we’re like one big family really 
“This time we’ve agreed we ll stay out of each others profession­ al lives. That was a mistake we made before. We don’t want to do it again 
“ It felt a little strange seeing 
Ron in my house after not seeing him for nine months but all the fears vanished by the time I got down to his home. 
“There was something vibrat­ ing between us that took away the awkwardness 
I guess the true feelings took over.” 
It was just over a year ago that the couple broke up after a row at the Concord Hotel, N.Y. 
Then she fell head over her sev­ en inch heels in love with blue­ eyed Pilla during the carnival in 
Rio de Janeiro. 
They rushed off to a seaside hideaway with their every move 

: I ^coking at the Keimedys. 
Jeane Dixon predicts that Jackie will get engaged by mid-year 

Jackie as it turned out, edited two books for her employers. Viking Press. But for 1977, Mrs. Dixon foresees a new role for her as a goodwill ambassador for the new Democratic administration. 
“ She won t be an authoritative representative, but an ambassador of goodwill,” she said. 
Sometime in June or July, Mrs. Dixon added. 
“Jackie is going to be involved in a documentary film of some kind. 

Jackie Onassis in New York recently: She’ll continue to be a style-setter. 
TROUBLES ARE IN STORE 
TOP CARTER MAN 
TUE new Secretary of State, Cyrus Vance, will face problems right from the start because of some secret information, ac­ cording to Jeane Dixon. 
"It will concern the dangers America faces in the world,” Mrs. Dix­ on said. and it will change President-elect Carter’s and Mr Vance s ideas about foreign policy, “They will have to alter their plans and ad­ just their tactics." 

FOR 

Vance’s most serious problems this year will come from some of 
America's best friends, Mrs. Dix­ on said. 
“ He will play a heroic role in keeping peace between two of our allies,’ she said. “ Throughout the hot summer months, the world situation will be even hotter; But with his cool determination, he will be able to calm things down. 
“ Irater in the year, Mr. Vance’s secret negotiations, probably in­ volving international oil supplies, will take a slippery turn. Disa­ greements will arise between him and members of the White House staff 
"President Carter will have to make a choice between some of his closest aides and Mr. Vance 
"His best bet is to side with Mr 
Vance because, even though he will not add glamour to the Ad­ ministration, he will bring it prud ence and wisdom ." 
Thomas B. (Bert) Lance, the 
Georgian banker who is Mr Cart er’s choice to head his Office of 
Management and Budget will be­ come one of the most prominent personalities within the Carter 

Administration. He will be as good with television as he is with figures," she said. "In fact, his fascination for the limelight will lead him to consider running for elective office 
“ That will be a good idea, but later on, financial wiz that he is, he should know that timing is a vital element in all gambles, in eluding political races. 
"His time will come several years from now. lf he moves too soon, his national career will end prematurely. But if he waits four or five years, then higher office will be ms for the asking 
"In the meantime, loanee will be wise to rely more on his own in­ tuition than on the suggestions of his staff. 
“ He will receive immense amounts of data from government officials, but some of it will be inaccurate 
"As long as he remains his own chief advisor, he will usually come out on top But if he allows his staff to sway him on matters of national finance, then he and 
Mr. Carter will both be embar rassed by the outcome " 

Thomas Lance: In the limelight 

Cyrus Vance: Facing crises 

“ After that she is going to be alone again, and will have her own seclusion for a little while. 
Ethel Kennedy, former sister-in-law of Jackie On­ assis and the widow of Senator Robert F. Kennedy, will also have an opportunity for marriage in 1977, if she wishes it. 
Mrs. Dixon told The Star. 
“ But because of a difference in religious background and her con­ cern for her children, I think she will choose not to marry until the following year," she said. 
“ It will be to someone she has known for quite some time and has liked from the very begin­ ning." 
Right now, said Mrs. Dixon, 
"the children are first and fore­ most in her mind. She will worry about some of her children and about their friends.” 
In the next four years, two of 
Ethers children will begin their political careers, Mrs. Dixon said. 
“Their uncle, 
Sen. 
Edward 
Kennedy, will be their guiding light in politics," she added, “ and they will be very, very successful. 
Especially the one who looks most like his father. 
“ Ethel will be a bit dismayed, however, that the other children show a lack of interest in educa­ tional pursuits." 
Mrs. Dixon said that Sen. Ted 
Kennedy will be much closer to his nieces and nephews than he has been before, and he will feel that he is doing a better job of 

Ted Kennedy: Power struggle. 

 being a father image to them than he has been in the past. 
She added; “ He has a wonder­ ful way with children and he will be much more influential in the family next year But he will also continue to have some domestic problems of his own." 
In politics said Mrs Dixon, the 
Senator will be even more impor­ tant than he has been, but he will face some obstacles, too. 

"In the latter part of the year. there is going to ne a struggle for power on The Hill, involving a point of law. I believe," she said 

“ Senator Kennedy must be very careful at that particular time If he insists upon a showdown, it will boomerang the following year, and he will regret it very much." 

Something will happen in Octo- ber or November which will put 
Sen. Kennedy very favorably in the limelight, said Mrs Dixon 

"He will gain universal re­ spect," she added 

The senator may also look for­ ward to a "very profitable real estate deal" this coming year, 
Mrs, Dixon added 

WOMAN TEACHES LIFESAVING-AT 85 
WWTE-haired Edith Hurlbut, of 
Hastings, 
Neb., teaches swim­ ming and lifesaving — at 85 
Every morning she walks lour blocks from her nome to tile Has­ tings YWCA where she holds ad­ ult classes in both activities 
Possibly the oldest woman life­ saving instructor in the nation, 

Mrs Hurlbut has spent 63 years teaching 
She lost track of the number of students she has taught 
“years ago" when the total passed I,IOO 
"I got sick of keeping score," she says. "But some of my old students have grandchildren now." Apart from her swimming 

 activities, Mrs. Hurlbut, a widow, leads a YMCA Bible discussion group, is active in the local bird­ watchers’ club and plays the piano. 
The only tiling I can’t do as well as I used to is roller-skate," she says. "The old bones aren’t up to it.” 

JACQUELINE ONASSIS can be expected to an­ nounce her engagement by the middle of this year, Jeane Dixon told The Star exclusively this week. 
" I’m not saying she s going to get married or she isn t getting married, but there is a strong possibility of an engagement announcement by mid year," the world-famous psychic said. 
“ It will be to a man who has been married before, a man of wealth and substance.” 
Jackie is going to continue to be a style-setter in fashion, Mrs. Dixon also predicted. She said: "She will have an opportunity to show up beautifully in 
January', and this will generate jealousy and rivalry all around her, not only because of her style but be­ cause of the friends she attracts.” 

ROMANCE 
FOR ETHEL 
KENNEDY 

Mrs. Dixon recalled that last year in The Star she successfully predicted that Jackie would appear on television in programs related to the arts. Mrs. Onas­ sis did appear on TV to plead for the preservation of 
New York's Grand Central Station as a landmark building. 
Mrs. Dixon added: “ I also said. Her own involve­ ment with cultural activities will expand beyond her painting to include the publication of her writings. In that work, she will find a fulfillment which has thus far eluded her." 

Ethel Kennedy: Difficult choice. 
POLITICAL 
OBSTACLES 
FOR TEDDY 

PAGE 6 
THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— January 9,1 9 7 7 

Russians to face peoples’ protest and foreign woes 

 fm m 
A E ' 
?/•?& Pit >- ? H ^ 
HENRY KISSINGER’S plan for Africa will fail, famed astrologer 
Jeane Dixon predicts exclusively for The Star this week. 
Here are the international developments she foresees for 1977 and beyond: 
In world affairs, 1977 will seem like a rather quiet year for the United 
States. But that appearance will be deceptive. It will be the lull before the storm. 
The American people will become complacent. The appointed administra­ tors of our Government will not be prepared for the challenges that lie ahead 
One of those challenges will be a new Soviet- 
American race, nobtoithe moon, but across the seas 
Like two mighty giants wrestling in the world’s oceans, these two nations will make the waters boil with their struggle for control of the international shipping lanes. 
American seaports, now sleepy with disuse and tired with age, will come to sudden life again. They will be transformed into bustling centers Dy tomor­ row’s naval race, just as Cape Canaveral was by yesterday’s space race. 
Among this country’s closest allies overseas, the 
New Year will see the further decline of what was once mighty Britain. 
Emergency financial aid from other nations will be necessary to save her from total economic col­ lapse. With that help, the British will make it through this crisis, but tougher times lie ahead. 
Great Britain will regain its greatness, a great leader will come to the forefront, a new Churchill. 
In this era of advancement for women, a great lady will make this step forward to bring her country out of its present decline. 
Margaret Thatcher, leader of the opposition in 
Parliament, will be to the United Kingdom what 
Charles de Gaulle was to France. She will soon be the most powerful lady in the world. 
Better days lie ahead for troubled Northern Ire­ land. Peace will again come to that sorrowing land. 
In Africa, Secretary Kissinger’s masterplan for settling the disputes in Rhodesia and South Africa will not succeed. 
He has unleashed forces there which he does not fully understand and which will cause endless problems for his successor at the State Department. 
In order to win political popularity in the U.S., 
American leaders will yield vast areas of the Afri­ can continent to the Soviet Union. Millions of Afri­ cans will be handed over to cruel rulers. Through­ out the continent of Asia, this will be a relatively peaceful year. But it will be the peace of repression and fear, not the peace of hope and freedom. 
The world s most powerful woman, Prime Minis­ ter Indira Chandi of India, will swallow her pride and go begging for foreign assistance. 
A person close to her, someone she cares for dearly, will become a tremendous problem for her 
Closer to home, The United States will have to pay greater attention to Latin America. This coun­ try will try to make friends with Cuba again, but the attempt will backfire. Anti-Castro Cubans will strike out in anger against it. 
Brazil will be the best overseas investment oppor­ tunity for Americans. That land is on its way to greatness. It will set Hie pace for the world. 
A border war between two (.atm American na­ tions will attract little attention until it is revealed that both sides are using American supplied weap­ ons against each other Then the U.S. will have to reassess its policies toward all its friends to the 
South. 
Our neighbors to the North, the Canadians, will remain the best neighbors in the world. But their country is entering a troubled period in its history. 
Unexpected economic problems will disrupt the government there and begin a new era in Canada. 

With the election of Mexico’s new President, Jose 
Lopez Portillo, our neighbors to tile South will enter a period of hope and progress. 
Finally, let as look toward Hie Middle East. The tragic fate of Lebanon will be repeated elsewhere. 
Another nation on the shores of the Mediterranean will fall to pieces. But the tragedy in Lebanon may yet work to the good of mankind. It will present 
Israel with a golden opportunity to act as healer and humanitarian of the Middle East. 

Psychic Jeane Dixon 

THE Soviet Union will be the scene of unprecedented peoples’ protests against the Russian gov­ ernment 
I^arge demonstrations will provoke a violent response from top authorities. 
More famous Russian intellec­ tuals will follow the example of 
Solzhenitsyn. When they criticize their leaders, they will be perse­ cuted. But instead of silencing them, the Kremlin will only make heroic martyrs out of them. 
A threat from outside the 
U.S.S.R. will cause greater worry among its rulers. One of its neigh­ bors will claim territory now un­ der Russian rule. 
The recent upheaval in China will continue for years! The win­ ners of the latest power-struggle there will not all remain in power 

Many of them are fated to fol­ low their defeated opponents into disgrace...and even worse punish­ ment. 
For three long years, the rains of discord will fall upon China. 
Then the sunshine of peace will break through, but only for a while 
In 1981 or 1982, serious conflicts will begin that could even lead to civil war there. For the sake of the Chinese people, let us hope that these battles involve only their rulers. 

SELF-DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 

WHEN a stranger approaches you. be cautious and remain calm, and be ready to attack at the first hint of danger. 
Most of the time you may not be in immediate danger, but re­ member it s better to be ready than a victim of assault. 
When you are suddenly grabbed by the wrists, react quickly with a sudden kick of your knee to the attacker s groin The pain and tile surprise of a powerful reaction is normally sufficient to break the attacker’s grip. 

W hen free, run as fast as you can and call the police at the first opportunity. 

LOST: A TOWN’S HOLIDAY 

A TOWN’S newspaper drew a 
Wank on the biggest theft story of the year; someone stole its entire 
Christmas news report. 
The Mirror in Simi Valley, Cal­ if., came out with a six-page edi­ tion that was blank except For ad­ vertising and a notice explaining that all the news and photos were stolen somewhere between setting and the press. 

“It was the Christmas edition. 
It was all nice stories and Christ­ massy things,’’ said editor Uco 

 type 

AMERICAN farms have 1o7 men to every IOO females — com­ pared to 93 men to IOO women in the rest of the U.S. population. 
Farm families also have more and younger children, according to the Economic Research Ser­ vice. Thirteen per cent have six or more children, compared with 

"MORE MEN,— 
KIDS ON FARMS der 18, versus 2 o8 per cent of ur­ ban families. 
The unemployment rate for farm residents is just 3 per cent. 
IO per cent for non-farm families./ while in the rest of the population 
And 2.33 of the children are un- it is 8.6 per cent. 

Cost inn i 
There was no blood and guts--mostly human interest.” 
Lost was a story about a family that found a lost dog. But when they called its owners and offered to return it, the finders’ children were heard crying in the back- 
S ound, so the owner agreed to let em keep the dog, Costmni said. 
There were stories on the school choir and results of the local Toys for Tots campaign, “several ac­ counts of where Santa stopped and New Year’s resolutions for the horoscope,” Costinni said 

Jeans are the height of fashion 

THIS pair of jeans, with its 12o-foot in­ seam, has fallen vic­ tim to inflation. But ifs ad lr the cause of advertising. 
They were made for a promotion stunt by a balloon manufactur­ er in gland. 
Bristol, En- 

■ 
UNIVERSITY of Arizona medical students are practicing their surgery on real, living volunteers instead of corps­ es. Bid no human sacrifices are planned, says instructor Dr. Paula Stillman The students will be operating with—felt tin markers.