Historic Chicken Ranch to be moved 

LA GRANGE (AP) — It’s not exactly as serious as moving the Alamo out of 
San Antonio or the Astrodome out of 
Houston, but they’re m oving the 
Chicken Ranch out of this Southeast 
Texas town. 
The Chicken Ranch, not to be con­ fused with any establishment selling supplies to fried chicken franchises, was the legendary brothel, or house of pleasure, that was closed in 1973 under orders from Texas Gov. Dolph Briscoe. 

FORECAST 

There’s no need, however, for the anti-prostitution forces in Dallas to get excited just because the C hicken 
Ranch is coming to town. It’s going to take on a new role. 
Bill Fair III of Dallas is going to convert the old establishment into a restaurant on Greenville Avenue. 
The brothel became known as the 
Chicken Ranch during the depression when money was scarce and some customers chose to pay for their plea­ 

 sures with chickens. 
The actual work of m oving the building is scheduled to begin in about a month and Dallas interior designer 
Fred Merrill says it’ll take about three months to put it back together and have it ready for its new contents. Not m uch, however, is going to be changed. 
There’s no furor in La Grange over the building being moved. In fact, most citizens of the town probably 

 aren t even aw are that i t ’s being moved. 
Sheriff Jim Flournoy of F ayette 
County says “ I don’t care what they do with it. I have no feeling at all about it leaving town. not one bit. They can junk it for all I care.” The sheriff. 
Chicken Ranch history buffs will tell you. was called to Austin by Gov. 
Briscoe and told to close the establish­ ment in 1973. 
Lester Zapalae, owner-editor of the 

La Grange Journal newspaper, wasn't even certain w hat w as going to be done with the building. “ No one ever sent me any information about it moving to 
Dallas. We thought it was going to 
Houston,” he said. 
When told of the new fate for the. 
Chicken Ranch, Zapalae commented, 
“ That’s kind of a cute idea. Some of those people in Dallas are going to be em b arrassed when they see th e ir names or initials on those walls unless 

 m i , * i c I ’ u i i i i u i i K i i i pc t i n i u v r i t u r i n , 
Zapalae said. 
Zapalae said he recently noticed a news story in a Texas newspaper say­ ing that the Chicken Ranch was being moved, but he said most people in La 
.Grange don’t know about it. 
Nobody in LaGrange seems to care one way or the other. They may wait to holler until they see it hauled off, but by then it will be too late to do anyth­ in g,’’ 
Zapalae said. 

Partly cloudy, mild 
High, low 8os. Low mid 6os. 

Sunday’s temperatures in Column 2 
Details, Page UA 
San Antonio Express 

MONDAY, MAY? 1977 

EXCLUSIVE WIRE SERVICES: ASSOCIATED PRESS, N EW YO RK TIMES SERVICE, W A S H IN G T O N POST SERVICE, LOS ANGELES TIMES 
SERVICE, NEW SDAY SERVICE, AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE, MANCHESTER G U A R D IA N SERVICE, LO ND O N TIMES SERVICE 
Bloody clashes around world 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Bloody clashes in several coun­ tries, including a gun battle that left 33 dead in Turkey, m arred 
May Day activities Sunday. 

Chinese officials celebrated with quiet garden parties in Peking. 
In Moscow’s Red Square, Politburo members turned out for a two-hour parade of floats, flowers and banners under b rillian t sunshine. No a r ­ maments or military hardware were displayed. 
China’s Hsinhua news agency said government leaders joined the masses in garden parties, creating “ a joyous atmosphere of unity” for the Marxists’ traditional day of the worker. 
In Rome, Pope Paul VI called on the faithful to pray for the world’s unem­ ployed, telling a crowd of 1o,ooo he hoped May Day would not become “ a means for the conquest of temporal economic welfare ... but a means of social progress.” 
Violence 
There was violence in T urkey, 
Greece, F ranee, Spain, San Salvador and elsewhere. 
A wild gunfight between rival leftist factions in Istanbul left 33 persons dead, 126 wounded and 2oo arrested, 
Turkish radio said. Witnesses reported shots from the rooftop of a government building sparked a velly of return fire from participants at a rally of 1oo,ooo persons in Taksim square on a hill overlooking the Bosphorous. 
The Anatolian news agency iden­ tified the attackers as “ Maoist armed gangs” that had been excluded from the rally by the C onfederation of 
Revolutionary Trades Unions. 
Turkish Premier Suleyman Demirel called an emergency cabinet meeting to discuss m easures to cu rb the violence that has become a major issue in next month’s national elections. 
Tear gas 

Riot police in several Spanish cities used tear gas, rubber bullets and clubs on newly legalized trade unionists and others who defied a ban on May Day demonstrations. Scores were injured. 
Some demonstrators in the Madrid suburb of Vallecas fought back with rocks as helmeted police chased them, clubbing anyone they caught. Police said 5o persons were arrested. 
The Spanish news agency Cifra reported Molotov cocktails were hurled at police in Madrid, Barcelona and 
Valladolid. 
In the tiny Central American nation of El Salvador, eight alleged terrorists were killed and eight persons were wounded in a shootout in the capital of 
San Salvador. Five of the wounded were police and m e m b ers of the national guard, officials reported. 
They also said security units broke up several groups of construction workers 

Philadelphia .. 83 
Boston ............... 77 

Houston 
.......... 1o8 
Washington 

Golden State 
Los Angeles 

Denver — 
Portland 

1o3 

115 
1o6 

114 
1o5 

Boston and Washington were eliminated, leaving six teams still fighting for the 
NBA crown. Details, Sec. D 

NIXON: ACTIONS 
NOT A COVER-UP 

NEW YORK (AP) - Richard Nixon says his immediate actions after the 
W atergate burglary were designed not to try to cover up a criminal ac­ tion but to contain the scandal for political reasons. 
The former President, in a television interview to be aired Wednesday, says he wanted to avoid “ any slop-over in a way that would damage innocent peo­ ple.” 
The interview, the first of a series of four, marks the end of Nixon’s self- 

 imposed public silence on the Wager- gate scandal that brought his resigna­ tion. 
Time magazine published excerpts in this week’s issue. British television personality David Frost, who conduct­ ed the interviews, permitted Time to have special access to the tapes of the shows. 
Nixon’s week of Watergate revisited began Sunday with a media splash and disclosures that he was involved in the scandal and hush-money paym ents 

 earlier than previously known. 
The transcript of a White House tape recording never before published showed the form er P re sid e n t w as aware of money-for-silenee demands in 
January 1973, fully Vfa months before 
John D ean’s “ cancer on the p r e ­ sidency” speech. Nixon has always claimed that the talk with Dean, his counsel, was the first he knew of the demands. 
Another recording, made after Dean began telling prosecutors about the 
Arabs firm on oil prices 

ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates 
(AP) — The United Arab E m irates 
(UAE) and Saudi Arabia have not changed their position on oil prices, 
UAE Oil Minister Mana Saeed Oteiba said Sunday. 
Oteiba spoke with reporters after 

 conferring with Venezuelan President 
Carlos Andres Perez. 
Perez briefed UAE President Sheik 
Zayed Bin Sultan on his tour of five other Persian Gulf oil countries. He is attempting to arrange a compromise in the oil price dispute between the 13 

 members of the Organization of Pe­ troleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). 
At an OPEC meeting last winter, ll members agreed to raise oil prices IO per cent plus add 5 per cent more in 
July, but the UAE hiked their prices only 5 per cent. 
S.A. police run the loop for charity 

By MICHAEL QUINTANILLA 
Five bleary-eyed, sun tanned, exhausted but elated policemen completed a 54-mile long m a r­ athon run around the city to raise funds for the mentally re­ tarded Sunday. 
About 35 San Antonio policem en participated in the IH41o trek which started at 6 a.m. Sunday at Central 

Pamela C. Cunningham, accompanied by her dog, Rye, basked in the sun Sunday at an old-fashioned picnic honoring widows of 
Texas Rangers at W itte Memorial Museum. Pamela’s grandfather was Blaze Pilling. — Staff Photo by H. M . Dean Jr. 

Picture, Page SA 

Park Mall. The last runner completed 
'the stretch at about IO p.m. 
“ I feel real good — it wasn’t that bad,” Patrolman Mario Juarez, 26, said, while relaxing on the pavement at the mall, which was also the finish­ ing point. 
“ The only thing I regret is that I forgot to bring the sun tan lotion, an extra pair of socks and a hat,” Juarez said, displaying the reddish tan on his chest, back, arms and legs. 
“ I know I’ll suffer tomorrow.” he said. 
The marathon, sponsored by the San 
Antonio Police Officers’ Assn., was conducted to raise funds to buy wheel­ chairs for the Bexar County Mental 
H ealth/M ental R e tard ation Child 
Development Centerat 227 W. Drexel 
St. 
Also completing the swing on the 

GOOD MORNING} 

Index 
Til uek Ie 

Action E x p re ss............................ 7A 
A rts............................................... lOA 
Astrology........................................2C 
Bridge.............................-............. 
Com ics............................................2C 
Crossword Puzzle.........................2C 
Deaths..............................................JR 
Editorials...................................... l-A 
Newsmakers..................................2A 
Scene.......................................... U3B 
Sports........................................ FGD 
Television......................................SB 
Theaters...................................... 1oA 
Want Ads................................ 3-14C 
W eather........................................HA 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson.............................. 2A 
Ann Landers..................................2B 
Barry Robinson.............................ID 
Roddy Stinson.............................. 3A 
Dr. Geo. Thosteson.....................SB 

Wife to husband as he watches the opening baseball game on TV: “ I thought they dropped that show last lull.” 

SUNDAY' S T E M P E R A T U R E S 

I a in 
2am 
3 a rn 
4am 
5 a rn 
6 a rn 
7 a rn 
8 a rn 

9 a rn 
1o a rn 
11 a rn 
Noon 
1 a rn 
2 a in 
3 a m 
4 o rn 

62 
64 
69 
74 
76 
79 
79 
8o 

. 5 a rn 
6pm 
7pm 
8pm 
9pm 
1o p rn 
11 p rn 

8o 
81 
79 
78 
76 
74 
71 
M id n ig h t 7o 

I I ITH 

N O . 
YEAR 
139 

4 o PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E S : 
W o n t A d s ( M o n 
F r i . 
8 a m 5 3o p m ) 225 1666. 
All othe r d e D a rt- m ents (7 a rn. 9 p .m .) 225 7 4 1 1 C i t y e d ito r (9 p rn. 7 o rn ) 225 7411. S ports e d ito r (9 p m 
7 a rn,! 227 3721 or 227 77oK 

DID YOU KNOW: If you receive home didivery of the Express and Sunday 
Express-News $1 more will bring you the evening News for a month. Total 
$4.35 per month. Call 225-7411 for prompt delivery. 

 help you look fo r a job 

 lf you are looking for a job, the 
Express and News can take your mes­ sage to 335,ooo people — for free. 
During May, job seekers — from housewives and students to the disa­ bled — are eligible to run a free “ Job wanted” notice in the Express and 
News classified ads. 
You can mail in your want ad or come to the classified counter in the lobby of the Express/News building. 
Avenue E and Third Street, any week­ day from 8:3o a.m. to 4:3o p.m. 
Your ad will run three days under 
Forest fires hit Wisconsin 

MINONG, Wise. (AP) — Two forest fires blackened 16,ooo acres in west central and northwestern Wisconsin before they were contained Sunday. 
Evacuees returned to their homes, but about 5oo firemen continued to battle the blazes. 

“ Situations wanted” in the regular classified columns of the Express and the News and the Express-News week­ ly papers — the Northside, Westside and Southside Suns. 
Watch for the “ Need A Job?” coupon in the daily morning Express and the afternoon News and mail it in fast. 
Unfortunately, we cannot accept any of these free classified ads over the phone. 

 llig lilig lifs of p r o p o se d c r I iii idol c o d e 
Some of the highlights of the proposed federal crim inal code are: 
• A program would be estab­ lished to com pensate innocent victims of violent federal crimes. 
Payments of up to $5o,ooo would be authorized. 
• Possession of IO grams or less of marijuana, the equivalent of a pack of cigarettes, would no longer be a federal offense. And the maximum penalty for possession of more than that would be 3o days im prisonm ent and a $5oo fine, compared to 7 years in prison and a $15,ooo fine under present law. 
• M andatory jail sen ten ces would be required for individuals convicted of trafficking in heroin or other hard drugs and also for using a weapon in the commission of a crime. 
• Any crime committed for the purpose of influencing the out­ come of a federal election would be subject to federal prosecution. 
• 
A com m ission would be created to establish guidelines for sentencing crim inals under c ri­ teria set in the bill for different classes of offenses, a move d e­ signed to eliminate wide dispari­ ties in sentences. 
• The coverage of civil rights laws would be expanded to non­ citizens as well as citizens. Pro­ secution of civil rights violations would be made easier in some instances by eliminating requir­ ements to establish intent or con­ spiracy. 
• In rape cases, the re q u ir­ ement for corroboration of a vic­ tim’s testimony would be elimin­ ated and inquiry into the victim’s past sexual conduct would be sharply restricted. Also, the of­ fense is redefined to cover homo­ sexual rapes. 
• Various provisions aimed at white collar crimes would outlaw pyramid sales schemes and auth­ orize the use of court injunctions to halt fradul-nt or deceptive practices. 
• The press would be protected against contempt-of-court convic­ tions for publishing information in violation of a so-called gag order if the judge’s order was clearly in­ valid and there was no timely op­ portunity for the order to be reviewed by a higher court. 
• The bill also would create a number of new offenses such as possession of eavesdropping devices or b urglary tools and plotting within this country to as­ sassinate a foreign official outside the United States. 
• It would repeal the Smith Act, which makes it a crim e to a d ­ vocate the violent overthrow of the government, and the Logan Aet, which prohibits private citizens from communicating with foreign governments with the intent to in­ fluence foreign policy. 

 coverup, showed Nixon saying: “ Do you think the people, ah, the United 
States, are gonna im peach the 
President on the basis of John Dean?” 
Fifteen months later a House commit­ tee voted to recommend impeachment. 
The recordings, used in the Frost interview, added little new information to what already was known about Nix­ on’s actions from the June 17, 1972, break-in at Democratic party head­ quarters in the Watergate office build- 

Crime code will be revised 

H IW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Senators John J. 
McClellan and Edward M. Kennedy and Attorney General Griffin B. Bell will announce Monday an agreement on a proposed new federal criminal code, compromising or eliminating provisions attacked in the past as threats to civil liberties. 
A key feature of the proposed revision and reorganization of federal criminal law is an effort to devise un­ iform stand ard s for sen ten cin g to m ake punishm ent p re d ic ta b le . 
Judicial discretion to impose sentences outside a narrow range would remain, but such sentences could be appealed. 
The hope for passage of the measure after the controversy and failure that so surrounded earlier bills, designated 
SI in past congresses, rests on the breadth of initial support. 
This basic hope is that Kennedy, D- 
Mass., can reassure and bring along liberals, and that McClellan, I)-Ark., can certify the measure for conservatives. 
Flash point 
There are many obvious flash points for political controversy, including a provision to make it no federal offense lo possess ten grams or less of m a r­ ijuana. sections creating federal law on many election offenses, and the widening of criminal civil rights laws to include acts involving sex descrimination. 
Several of the more controversial sections in the earlier, 1971-76, effort to revise the criminal code were dropped altogether, according to a summary of the bill obtained by The New York 
Times Service. 
They include provisions prohibiting leaking of classified in form ation , eliminating or greatly circumscribing the insanity defense, and expansion of the death penalty to cover treason, espionage, sabotage and murder. 
The new bill would narrow federal conspiracy laws by allowing a defense the opportunity of having renounced the conspiracy before an offense was committed. 
It would repeal the Smith act of 
1946, forbidding advocacy of violent overthrow of the government, and the 
Logan Act of 1799 barring private citizens from correspondence or inter­ course with any foreign government. 
Additionally the bill would add new provisions designed to curb organized crime, including one to prohibit the laundering of crim inal profits into 

Agnew: I could win again 

CAIRO, Egypt (AP) — Former Vice 
President Spiro T. Agnew said Sunday he could probably be re-elected to public office but that he most likely will not seek a political comeback. 
“ I’m in possession of some informa­ tion, which I won’t disclose, that leads me to believe that I would be elected to office if I choose to seek it,” Agnew said in an interview here. 

He declined to say what office he had in mind and said that, at the age of 58, it is very unlikely he will return to politics. 
But the politician-turned-novelist promises to unveil a lot of surprises in the next year or so when he com­ pletes a political memoir. Agnew’s 
1976 novel “ The Canfield Decision” dealt with a crisis involving a fictional 

•vice president. 

His remarks Sunday were prompted by a Greek newspaper report quoting him as saying he planned to resume his political career and that he was 
•under contract with two” television networks to do political commentary. 
Agnew said he had been misquoted in the Athens interview. 

SAN AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 

Miss Lillian keeps coffee cups filled 

Even with the high cost of coffee, 
Lillian Carter has made certain that every policeman in Plains will have his morning cup. 

President Carter’s mother con­ tributed $5oo to the coffee kitty at the local police department after tourists offered her the money for a ribbon she had cut. 
She made a rare public appear­ ance to cut the ribbon at the opening of a grocery store owned by a friend, Maxine Reese. 
Bills totaling $5o hanging on the ribbon were intended for the police coffee fund, and Mrs. Carter, known by neighbors as “ Miss Lillian,” gave the money to Officer Benny 
Berry, who was standing nearby. 

“ This is for your coffee fund,” she said. 
Then, Mr. and Mrs. Yates Ham- met of Florence, S.C., offered to buy the ribbon from the 78-ycar-old 
Mrs. Carter. A police spokeswoman said the President’s mother gave their $5oo payment to the police department. 

11 taMNSF yup t A 
^,*o 

' 
' 
► v^r >' „ / 
■V 
, r n 
■4 - i ' 
/ < ? '/ i i 
\ rn 
' d * 
' r n I 

 asaut 

Rape has nothing to do with divorce 

Singer Connie Francis says her plans to divorce her hus­ band, 44-year-old tourism execu­ tive 
Joseph Garzilll, have nothing to do with a recent rape trial in which she was awarded 
$2.5 million in damages. 

“ People will have their own ideas about the rape causing our troubles,” Miss Francis said in an interview with the New York 

Post. “ He just doesn’t want to be a married man.” 
Miss ' Francis, 
37, had charged that Howard Johnson 
Motor Lodges with negligence after she was raped and robbed at 5 a.m. Nov. 8 in the chain’s 
Westbury, L.L motel. A jury awarded the singer $2.5 million in'damages, but the figure was trimmed down to $1.4 million in an out-of-court settlement. 

NORTH CENTRAL 
42o2 Son Pedro 

NORTHWEST 
94o Bondero Rd. 

NORTHEAST 
1335 N X loop 41o 

735-9141 
433-82o1 
828-3125 
FOR 
MEN & WOMEN 
WE HONOR 

MASTiRCHARGE 
BANKAMERICARD 

AMERICAN EXPRESS 

AND DINERS mmmm 
# 
Trim 
Health and Beauty Spas 

75 YEARS IN S A N A N T O N IO 

Any Membership card either cur-*; rent or expired can be applied toward a membership at Trim & 
S w i rn 

WE’RE 
NUMBER I 

Trim & Swim has almost three times as many members as all other clubs in San Antonio. 

Souce: SAN ANTONIO 
MAGAZINE, MARCH 1977. 
Swim 
J 

Surf's Up! Cindy Casanova, 4, of Miami 
Beach has learned early in life how to handle her styrofoam surfboard. Here she rides a giant one-foot wave back to the beach. — AP Wirephoto 
Wives want to protect truckers 

Truckers’ wives who fear their husbands might get too friendly with female driving partners have been stalled in their move to keep truck cabs from being forced to go coed. 
A federal judge in Oklahoma City turned down th*' wives’ request fqr a temporary order to allow men to refuse to drive long distances with women drivers in trucks operated by Lee Way Motor 
Freight, Inc. 
“ I say let’s not lead ourselves into temptation,” said Carolyn Baldwin, one of the wives. “ Let’s face it, not everyone is a saint, and I don’t think we should put the temptation there for our husbands to be faced with.” 
A group of truckers’ wives held a protest last week to oppose Lee Way’s recent hiring of its first woman truck driver. 

Comedian not laughing 

Comedian George Kirby spent the weekend in jail awaiting a hearing after being arrested with nine other persons on charges of selling narco­ tics. 
Agents from the Las Vegas Police Department and the federal Drug Enforcement Agency seized 
$5oo,ooo worth of cocaine and heroin in a raid at 
Kirby's home and three other locations Friday night, officials said. 
Kirby, 52, and 
Mary Clay, alias 
Merry 
Christmas, 4o, were charged with selling heroin to an undercover federal narcotics officer. 
MAY DAY 

 and farmers who tried to bold a May Day rally in 
Cuscatlan park. 
During araby in Paris, about 2oo anarchists car­ rying black flags threw stink bombs at Commun­ ists as tens of thousands marched from the Place de la Nation to City Hall. 
No injuries were report­ ed. 
Among the m archers were leftists carrying red flags, women holding signs that said “ Beaten and 
E xploited” and about 5o uniformed sol­ diers wearing masks to prevent identification. 
Several persons were injured in Compiegne, north of P a ris, when police clubbed some of the 4oo protesters who disrupted a Lily of the 
Valley beauty queen pageant. The French traditionally give each other bouquets of lilies on 
May I to symbolize the coming of spring. 
Clashes beween police and Maoist dem onstra­ tors in Athens left 12 policemen and 2o other persons injured and 15 persons arrested. Auth­ orities said the violence erupted after a peaceful rally when IOO banner- bearing leftist youths marched in defiance of an official ban. 
Workers 
The rally by several thousand w orkers demanded a 4o-hour work week and curbs on infla­ tion. Maoists charged the rally was governm ent sponsored. 
About 4o persons were injured when police opened fire on a crowd that was attacking buses headed for a May Day rally in Colombo, Sri 
Lanka. Prim e M inister 
Sirimavo Bandaranaike told a seafront rally the opposition was resorting to “ thu g g ery ” in its campaign to unseat her in the August elections. 

Carter family attends church 

WASHINGTON - Pre­ sident Carter attended 
Bible class.and church 
Sunday, with his Sunday school teacher telling the class that “ people in power should realize the authority for running this government only comes from God.” 
Carter, his wife Rosa- lynn and 
9-year-old daughter Amy drove to the First Baptist Church. 
The President planned to spend the rest of the day at the White House. 

More than 
1oo,ooo 
Communist-led demon­ strators marced through 
Lisbon, Portugal, in a show of strength. No dis­ orders were reported. 
Socialists boycotted the m arch, reflecting the widening gap between 
Prem ier Mario Soares’ moderate Socialists and the Moscow-line Com­ munists. 
Elsewhere 

Elsewhere around the world: 
Eastern Europe: More than 
3oo,ooo 
Czechoslovakians parad­ ed in Prague, and 25o,ooo 
H ungarians m arched past a g rand stand in downtown 
Budapest. 
East Germany dropped its formal military par­ ade this year, but thou­ sands of param ilitary factory workers walked past a reviewing stand on 
Karl Marx Allee in East 
Berlin. 
Asia: More than seven million workers and their families celebrated Maz 
Day in more than 1,ooo peaceful rallies in Japan. 
Bands and baton twirlers preceded about 5oo,ooo persons who marched in downtown Tokyo. 
P resident Yen Chia- kan urged 
Taiwan workers to double their production and construc­ tion efforts. 
The official Laotian news agency said 1oo,ooo persons rallied in 
Vientiane. 
In The Philippines, where President Ferdin­ and M arcos rules by martial law, police used water cannons to break up antigovernm ent demonstrations by about 
1,ooo persons led by priests and nuns. 
Middle 
East: 
Arab youths threw stones at passing cars in two towns on the Israeli-occupied 
West Bank of the Jordan 
River but a May Day general strike called by the Palestine Liberation 
Organization did not oc­ cur. 
A strike disrupted the schedule of Israel’s El Al airlines, causing a near riot by hunureds of stranded passengers. 
Ten flights to the United 
States and Europe were canceled before the 5oo maintenance men agreed to end the work stoppage. 
President Anwar Sadat of Egypt told a May Day rally in Alexandria that he will help the central 
African nation of Zaire operate its air force against rebel forces he claimed were backed by the Soviet Union. 

Carter shoots down U2 spy runs over Cuba 

WASHINGTON — President Carter, in an effort to show Fidel 
Castro the United States is serious about resuming full relations, has secretly called off reconnaissance flights over Cuba. 

From the earliest days of the Castro regim e until Septem ber 1974, the 
United States regularly snapped aerial photographs from U-2 planes flying high over Cuba. 
From then until this Jan. ll, the sophisticated SR71 reconnaissance plane was used to gather photographic intelligence about activities on the island. 
That was the final flight. 
Shortly after assuming office, Presi­ dent Carter ordered an end to the SR71 
Cuban forays. 
This, of course, is but one of the signs the official U.S. attitude toward 
Cuba has begun to soften. 
Assistant Secretary of State Terence 
Todman has been in Havana as head of an American delegation negotiating with Cuba over fishing rights in the straits between Cuba and Florida. 
And the State Department officially blessed a series of basketball games between Cuban and U.S. teams. 
Allegations 

However, federal Investigators have received disturbing new allegations about Cuba that could quickly chill the, recent thaw in the diplomatic climate. 
The allegations come from an infor­ mant inside Panam a, where top go­ vernment officials have been traffick­ ing in in ternation al narcotics for years. 
The shadowy underworld informant charges Latin American narcotics flowing into the United States are actually tran ssh ip p ed through Cuba. 
C ongressional in v e stig a ­ tors, we previously reported, have established that the brother of Panamanian dicta- 
— “ tor Omar Torrijos, Moises, has been funneling heroin into the 
United States. 
But the State Department, fearful of upsettino the delicate negotiations over the Panam a Canal, has looked the other way. 
The inform ant also m aintains an automobile dealership in Panama has been used as a front to sell narcotics to 
American soldiers in the Canal Zone. 
Federal investigators are trying to determine if the informant is entirely credible. 
They say he appeared cool and pro­ fessional and 9o per cent of his information appears accurate. 
The State Department vehemently denies it has ignored any evidence of drug smuggling. 
Federal narcotic officials told us they have found absolutely no evidence of drugs being smuggled into the- 
United States through Cuba. 
Attempts are being made to have the 
Panamanian informant, who must re­ main anonymous for his own safety, repeat his allegations in secret testi­ mony on Capitol Hill. 
Navy neighbors 

The Navy has asked Vice President 
Walter Mondale to rein in his daughter and her horse. The vice presidential manor is located on six acres of Wa­ shington’s Naval Observatory Groun­ ds, adjacent to another 24 acres used by the Navy. 
The vice p re sid e n t’s 17-year-old daughter, Eleanor Jane, was so anx­ ious to ride her horse Junior to a nearby birdie path that she trespassed on Navy territory. 

I 
Jack 
Anderson 

An employe spotted her near the 
Navy’s administration building and turned in a report. 
After being briefed on the Navy re­ gulations, Mondale promised “ it won t happen again.” 
Navy officials insist they are quite happy with their vice presidential neighbor. They m ade no com m ent about the horse. 
* 
Strip mining 
Proposed strip-m ining legislation has been jeopardized by the alteration of a crucial report on coal production. 
One of the m ajor battles has centered around how to mine coal without permanently destroying allu­ vial valley floors. 
While these giant, loose sediment deposits agriculturally productive, strip mining around them would leave un- 

Shortly after assuming office, 
President Carter ordered an end to the Cuban forays 

 told tons of coal in the ground. 
This could hinder President Carter’s plan for increased reliance on coal. 
F ed eral environm ental officials called in an outside consultant. ICF. 
Inc., to determ ine how much coal would be lost if the valley floors arc preserved. 
ICF’s first analysis, say our sources, confirm ed m any e x p e rts’ fears of massive production cutbacks. 
Just seven days later, however, a second ICF report appeared, contend­ ing that only half as much coal would be lost. 
Other vital conclusions of the pre­ vious study had been watered down. 
There was some grumbling that the changes had been penciled in by over­ zealous environmentalists, who were fearful that a negative report would damage the prospects for passage of strip-mining legislation. 
Government officials deny the report was doctored. ICF chairman C. Hoff 
Stauffer told us no one ordered his firm to alter the report. 
Racism 

The specter of racism has surfaced in an election campaign in the United 
Mine Workers. 
In a letter sent to every union local, 
James Blair, a candidate for vice pre­ sident of pensions, points out he is “ a white man.” One of Blair’s opponents, 
Brooker Thomas, is black. 
“ I didn’t think there’s any harm in it,” Blair told us, “ because if you read at the bottom of my letter, it says* ‘the door will be open to everyone.’ I’m a lover of the black people.” 
FEDERAL LAWS 
 legitimate businesses. 
Maximum fines for corporations would be raised from $5o,ooo to $1 million and in consumer fraud cases could go to double the offender’s gain. 
The bill would also abolish the com­ mon law rule requiring two witnesses to prove perjury other than before a grand jury. 
The 297-page bill would also make it an offense to conspire in the United 
States to commit murder outside this country — a provision that could apply to terrorist plots or to the Central In­ telligence Agency. 
It would also make overseas corpor­ ate bribery an offense under United 
States laws. 
Ju stice D epartm ent backing for these details, and for the overall prin­ ciples of rewriting the criminal code in a more coherent fashion to facilitate more uniform procedures, is expected to help win support in the House, where the legislative wheels are not yet greased. 
Some expression of support is ex­ pected Monday from Rep. Peter W. 
Rodino Jr., chairm an of the House- 

Judiciary Committee. 
The New Jersey Democrat may hack the bill, or he may ju st endorse recodification as such and promise ac­ tion by his committee, according to aides. 
Rep. James R. Mann, D-S.C., chair­ man of the criminal justice subcom­ mittee, said he felt that in order to get a law passed in a single term of Con­ gress, it would be necessary to stress a m axim um of recodification and a minimum of revision of law. 
He said he was concerned that the sentencing proposals m igh t be so complex they would bog down the en­ tire measure and should instead be dealt with separately. 
This codification effort began in 1986 with the establishment of the National 
Commission of Reform of F ed eral 
Crim inal Law laws, headed by 
California Gov. Edmund G. 
(Pat) 
Brown. 
Hearings on its report, and on bills drafted to implement it were held from 
1971 on. 
Liberal objections to key provision kept it from getting anywhere, even out of the Senate Judiciary Committee. 
Young: U.S. needs pliant foreign policy 

OXFORD, Pa. (A P) - Andrew 
Young, the United States ambassador to the United Nations, said Sunday there can no longer be a unified foreign policy for Third World nations. 
“ We are beginning to realize that there are 45 different nations in Africa and 29 different nations in L atin 
America and all req u ire different policies,” Young told reporters after delivering the commencement address at Lincoln University near here. 
Young said he would go to G ua­ temala on Monday to attend a Latin 
American economic conference spon­ sored by the United Nations. 
At the end of this week, he said, he’ll return to Africa where he will first 

 meet in the Ivory Coast with U.S. am ­ bassadors to African nations and will then visit M ozam bique and other countries. 
“ I’ve had a lively time in the last few m o nth s,” Young, 44, told the 157 graduates and more than 3,ooo persons at the commencement. 

“ That’s because the world bas decided there are some tru th s it doesn’t want to face," he said. 
“ I ’m not outspoken, you know ,” 
Young told reporters later. “ Nobody has yet called me a liar, but why have a lot of polite conversation when people are suffering and dying in South 
Africa? 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy May 2 I 977 
H 

Budget battle looms for 
Bexar County legislators 

Bv DICK M ERKEL 

CHIEF. EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — Bexar County legislators return to work Mon­ day facing what could be their toughest battle of the 
65th 
Legislature. i lit* fracas will center on money for two San Antonio schools and efforts to delete $12.3 million from their 1978-79 state funding. 
I argots of the cuts are the Universi­ ty 
Texas at San Antonio and the 
I diversity of Texas Health Science 
Center. 
The battleground will be the House floor, where the general a p p ro p ria ­ tions bill is entering its second week of debate. 
Higher education 
After paring $157 million from the state spending bill last week. House members will turn their attention to the last section of the bill — higher education. 
There, they will be hunting for about 
SIDO million more in order to come up with enough money to fund a teacher pay raise bill now waiting in the wings with a $25(1 million price tag attached. 
So, higher education looms as the last viable hope for teacher pay raise proponents and the last major money source of the necessary funds. 
Late last week, the Express-N ew s was able to sneak a peak at an omnibus amendment seeking to strike slightly 

The battleground will be the House floor* where the general appropriations bill is entering its second week o f debate 

 over $19o million in line items from the higher education section. 
The amendment is the work of Rep. 
Bill Presnal of Bryan who, curiously, is chairman of the House Appropria­ tions Committee. 
Analysis 

The P resn al am en d m en ts follow closely an analysis also released last week by the House Study G roup, a coalition of House liberals. 
The House Study Group’s analysis makes no recommendations on the items. 
But it does make a carefully worded observation that each item lacked a recom m en dation by e ith e r the 
Legislative Budget Board or an appro­ priative subcommittee, or both. 
Each was added by the House Ap­ propriations Com mittee, the group points out. 
Many members are wondering why 
Presnal, whose name HB51o bears as author, should now be seeking to cut what is supposedly his own bill. 
The obvious answer is that Presnal has been subjected to pressure from above to see that “ his bill” is trimmed down to size or be prepared to take the blame if there’s no teacher pay raise or utility tax relief. 

The Bexar County House delegation has two members on the appropriative committee — Reps. Lou Nolle Sutton and Bob Vale. 
Late last week they were in an ob­ vious stew over the contents of Pres- nal’s higher education slashing amendments. 
From comments gathered Thursday afternoon on the House floor, it was also obvious they were gathering sup­ port from the other m em bers of the 

R elated story , P age 6A 

 delegation to wage an all-out war on behalf of the San Antonio schools. 
The Presnal am endment (and the 
Study Group analysis) both include the same figures for, UTSA and the Health 
Science Center. 
While the analysis only points them out, Prcsnal’s amendment would cut them out. 
For UTSA, if Presnal’s amendment is adopted, this would cost $3 million. 
Gone would be a $2.8 million contin­ gency fund put in to finance the cost of anticipated enrollment growth at UT­ 
SA for the next two years. 
Also set to be cut is $293,o64 to remodel the Institute of Texan Cul­ tures at HemisFair Plaza, which UTSA 

BEXAR CO U N T Y A rchivist Thelm a G a v in and Dr.* Felix A lm araz look o v e r old record b o o ks in the county archives building 
PH O TO By C II BARRERA 

 is seeking to use as a downtown campus. 
The medical school is hardest hit, to the tune of $9.3 million. 
O rigin ally, the Health S c ie n c e 
( enter requested $18.9 million for 1978 for construction of new Library and 
Basic Sciences buildings. 
The LBB recommended $6.7 million for the sciences facility only. 
The appropriations bill returns the figure to $15.5 million, which Vale feels could provide a “ bare bones’’ funding sufficient to cover both buildings. 
The Presnal amendment, if success­ ful, cuts it back to the $6.7 million, thus eliminating the library once again. 
Also suggested for slicin g in the 
Presnal amendment is $36,9oo from the 
$87,323 recommended in HB51o to fin­ ance a new Podiatry Residency Train­ ing Program at the medical school. 
‘Regioiiaiisnr 
Already the cries of “ regionalism ” a imI “ sacred cows” are being raised by legislators from the areas where the heaviest cuts are suggested — p a r ­ ticularly South Texas institutions. 
Some are quick to point out the most noticeable for their absence from the 
Presnal amendment are Texas Tech 
University at 
Lubbock and 
Texas 
A&M. 
They suggest this is no coincidence any more than it is a result of the schools’ austerity in budget requests or spending habits. 
Rather, they point to a cloak of clout in both the House and Senate on behalf of Tech and A&M. 
To bolster this argument, they offer several items as proof. 
First, Presnal is from Bryan, home of Texas A&M. 
Clayton 

House speaker Bill Clayton — from whom they say Presnal got the “ get- right m essage” on the appropriations bill — is an Aggie ex. 
And, they add, Clayton’s home town is Springlake close to Lubbock and 
Sen. Kent Hance’s Senatorial District. 
Hance, they continue, is a form er 
Texas Tech regent and a m ember of the two most powerful Senate commit­ tees — Finance and State Affairs. 
To thicken the plot, th ese sa m e sources look to Sen. Bill Moore of 
Bryan, who is chairman of the Senate 
State Affairs Committee and also a member, with Hance, on Finance. 

Since the House version of the ap­ propriations bill will next go lo the 
Senate and then to the Finance Com­ mittee, the sources say this ties it all up in a neat package of clout. lf the cries of “ region alism ” and 
“ sacred cows” carry over the weekend and emerge on the House floor next week, the Presnal amendment could run into some teal hot water. 

If, again, this leads to some sort of unified attack on the Presnal am end­ ment, the Bexar County delegation could pick up some much-needed help in its fight to preserve the UTSA and 
Health Science Center appropriations. 
Students pore over past 

Thirty University of Texas at 
San Antonio students are bring­ ing Bexar County’s history up to date, but they had to go to jail to do it. 
The studen ts, enrolled in u n d e r­ graduate Texas history courses at UT­ 
SA, chose to inventory and catalog 
Bexar County public reco rd s for a cla ss assignment. 
-i. Presently they're working at the 
Bexar County Election Center and Ar­ chives Building (on Camaron Street between Houston and C o m m e rc e streets) which, until the early 196os, was the county jail. 
Dr. Felix D. Almaraz Jr ., associate professor of history and a Southwest 
T e x a s h istorian , is d ire c tin g the project. He is assisted by Dr. Lionel V. 
Patenaude, lecturer in history. 
Reference file 
There is no reference file of Bexar 
County public records, Dr. Almaraz said. 
The purpose of the inventory is "to find out what is available, in what condition and where.” he said. 
The project is sp o n so red by the 
County Historical Commission. 
Dr. Almaraz said the completed in­ ventory will be published by the Texas 
, State Library so each agency will know what the others have. 
The reco rd s, d atin g b ack to the heyday of cattle barons and landed gentry, are stored on three floors in the 
Archives Building and in the basement of the Court House. 

Many o f the documents haven't been touched fo r years — as the accum ulated dust testifies 

They include deeds and indexes to deeds, contracts by buyers and sellers, registrations of m arks and brands, court case records, cattle records and volumes of tax records and receipts. 
Originals 
Many of the documents haven’t been touched for years — as the accum ulat­ ed dust testifies. Some are original, containing sig n atu res of such well known personalities as Jo se Antonio 
N avarro, Ju a n N. Segu in , Antonio 
Menchaca or Samuel A. Maverick. 
The inventory involves five steps — checking the volume condition, m ea­ suring it, recording the title and in­ formation contained in the book, and in dicating the num ber of s im ila r volumes from previous years. 
“ You get a good idea of what was going on in certain periods,” Dr. Al­ maraz said. Many of the cases in the 
18oos had to do with horse stealing and cutting fences. 
“ While acts of a criminal nature are more dramatic, most of the court cases involved land disputes,” he observed. 
“ Interestingly, the burden of proof fell to the person claim in g to have o c­ cupied the land the longest.” 
Dr. Alm araz estimated m ore than 
1o,ooo volumes in the Archives Build­ ing alone are to be classified. 
Thousands of additional volumes are stored in the Court House, including 

 records dating back to the Spanish colonial period. 
“ Fortunately the basement areas in the court house are well-constructed,” 
Dr. Almaraz stated. “ Many of the old papers are holding up well.” 
The early documents were w ritten in longhand. “ Everything had to be done very legibly,” Dr. Almaraz comment­ ed. “ It’s noteworthy that the Spanish records are often in better condition than the printed papers, which are de­ teriorating,” he observed. 
Dr. A lm araz believes all history 

 students should be familiar with an archive. 
‘ ‘Som e stu d en ts go all the way through grad u ate school and d o n ’ t even know what an archive is ,” the historian declared. “ It’s important to know the material out of w hich history is written.” 
This is the third se m e ste r UTSA studen ts have been w ork in g to inventory 
Bexar 
Country public records. 
One installment of inventory sheets 
— weighing more than 2o pounds — has already been sent to the project office at North Texas State University and another installment is more than two-thirds filled. 
Dr. Almaraz anticipated the inven­ tory will be completed in December. 
U.S., China talking about money claims 

Lawns o* Beauty^ 
NURSERY 
• 
865o Bandera Road 

St. Augustine (Carpet) 

.FULL PALLET 
I ESS THAN A FULL PALLET . . . 

St. Augustine 
GRASS 

I ESc 

9 7 \ . * 
1 .1 7 ,q yd 

I Com plete inventory of scrubs, trees & hardlines. 
2 o °/<a Discounted 
(W eather Perm itting) 
COMPLETE lE J B J g n i PRODUCTS AVAILABLE. 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Carden 
Center with everyday “FARM TO Y O U " 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
684-211 o 

Taco queen named 

Linda Elizabeth Lopez has been named the 1977 queen of the National 
Taco Council. 

M iss 
Lopez is a 
17-year-old ju n io r at 
Highlands High School. 
She is the daughter of 
Mrs. Esther L. Tudyk, 
517 Greer St. 

The new Taco Queen plans to pursue a career in international business after graduation. 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - The United States and China have begun unpublicized negotiations in Washington to settle financial cla im s between the two countries — a necessary step to even­ tual establishment of normal trade relations. 
Administration officials disclosed 
Sunday that the talks have been con­ ducted over the past several weeks by 
William IL Gleysteen Jr., the deputy assistant secretary for East Asian and 
Pacific Affairs, and Hail Hsu, the deputy chief of the Chinese liaison office here. 
So far, despite both side declare willingness to discuss the highly com­ plex problem , o ffic ia ls sa id no breakthrough is near and some of­ ficials believe it may take a long time to reach a financial formula satisfac­ tory to both sides. 
This is the Carter administration’s first important set of negotiations with the Chinese that has become public and is in keeping with P resid en t 
Carter’s declared desire to normalize relations with Peking. 
Attention 
Relations with China were given a relatively low priority in the first weeks of the term. But now there have been increasing signs that the White 
House has begun to pay more attention to Peking. 

Secretary of Stale Gyrus Vance ten­ tatively plans to visit China in 
November and by then officials would like to have an Am erican policy on 
China, and hopefully, progress on the financial claim s negotiations which are regarded as a first step to normal trade ties. 
Interest in China has been height­ ened recently by the failure of ihe ad­ ministration so far to make much pro­ gress in relations with the Russians. 
There has also been no improvement in Chinese-Soviet relations, officials said, and on man world issu e s the 
United States and China have sim ilar attitudes. 
The c la im s is s u e s go back to 
D ecem ber 195o. On Dec. 17, 195o, because of Chinese intervention in the 
Korean War, the United States blocked dollar banking accounts and other m ainland Chinese a s s e t s in this country. The value of those blocked assets is now put roughly at 
$8o million. 
On Dec. 19, 195o, in retaliation, the 
Chinese announced se iz u re of all 
American public and private property in China. The foreign C la im s S e tt­ lement Commission lists the total of 
American claims at about $2oo million. 
Although trade has taken p la ce between China and the United States sin ce 1971, the c la im s p ro b lem is holding up further steps to normalize trade ties. 

Rape study pollsters report hostile reactions 

Roddy 
Stinson 

You’re a middle-aged wo­ man at home alone except for your maid. 
The doorbell rings, and the maid answers it. In a few seconds she hollers: “ M a’am , th ere’s a man here who wants to talk to you about rape.” 
What do you do? 
Probably the sam e thing a North 
Side woman did several weeks ago 
— call the police, 
And if you’re the guy at the door, you’ d probably sigh loudly and wonder why you didn’t choose a dull vocation, like bullfighting or steer wrestling. 
Almost anything would be tamer than walking up to strangers and ask in g to interview them about rape. But that’s what several San 
Antonio pollsters have been doing for the past six months. 
Three men 
Six of the pollsters three men and three women — met the other night to report their experiences while conducting the interviews. 
Also present were Dr. Joyce Wil­ liams, a Trinity University socio­ logy professor, and Karen Holmes, a social work consultant. 
The two women are in charge of a study funded by the U.S. Depart­ ment of H ealth, E ducation and 
Welfare to determ ine public atti­ tudes about rape, rapists and rape victims. 
They contracted with Galloway 
Field Service, a San Antonio polling firm , to conduct 1.oo5 interviews with a cross section of the city’s residents. And Galloway, in turn, sent nine men and nine women into the streets to do the hard work. 
Hazardous 
Occasionally the job proved ha­ zardo u s — w itn ess the incident where the lady of the house called local gendarmes. 
Fortunately, policemen in the ar­ ea knew about the rape poll, and after verifying the pollster’s identi­ fication, they released him. 
However, his troubles with the police didn’t end there. 
One day he was getting ready to conduct interviews at. an apartment complex and decided he better tell the apartm ent m an ager what he was doing. 
During the conversation he men­ tioned that because of the touchy subject m atter, m ales only inter­ viewed males, females interviewed fem ales and blacks, Anglos and 
M exican-A m erican s interviewed persons of sim ilar ethnic and racial backgrounds. 
That soun ded like too much 

 equality to the manager. “ What is this — som e type of so c ia listic project?” he asked. “ You must be a 
Communist,” 
Then he called the police. 
Although such calls were discon­ certin g, the p o llste rs preferred cries for help to some other reac­ tions. 
One guy said lit' would lie glad to be interviewed. Then In* went to a drawer, pulled out a pistol, laid it on a nearby table and said: “ Okay, 
I’m ready.’’ 
Sister raped 

Iii another home, a young man agreed to be interviewed, and dur­ ing tin* conversation he mentioned that his sister had been raped re­ cently. 
D espite that fact, he said he thought most rape victims provoke the assault in some way. Whereu­ pon his brother walked into the room, said the answer reflected on their sister and started a fight. 
The interviewer headed for tin1 door. 
Despite occasional violence and verbal ab use (several taxp ay ers became irate upon learning that the federal governm ent is spending 
$9o,ooo for the rap e stu d y ), the pollsters finished their interviews last month. 
Now, Joyce Williams and Karen 
H olm es have to com pute the answ ers from the 1oo5 question­ naires and decide what the figures mean. 
Raw data 

That information won’t be av ai­ lable until next fall. But once it is released, the two San Antonio re­ se a rc h e rs will be wined, dined, praised and quoted widely because of their first-of-a-kind study of the public’s attitudes about rape. 
No one will rem em ber the poor souls who collected the raw' data while b ra v in g an gry ta x p a y e r s, spooky housewives, an occasional crazy man and general prejudice against people who ring doorbells. 
"D o you know the biggest prob­ lem we fa c e d ? ” one pollster re ­ ported. “ It w a sn ’t apprehension about the subject matter or fear of strangers. 
“ Most of the people who refused to talk thought we were salesmen. 
“ One guy told me: ‘ Look, I’m not going to answer any questions. 
The last time I agreed to be inter­ viewed, I ended up getting a bunch of magazines.” ’ 
Hummmmmmrn. Maybe what we really need is a $9o,OOO federal study of the public’s attitude toward m a­ gazine salesmen. 

Repaving work on U.S.9o eastbound will begin Mon­ day at the Nogalitos Street overpass. Traffic at that point will be narrowed to one lane at a time. 
* 
Z a r z a m o r a 
Street between 
C entennial 
B o ulevard and the New 
Laredo Highway-Nogalitos 
Street intersection is open. 
Two-way traffic will be 
Cycles to help hearts 
T ake a ride to a healthier heart and join the 
A m erican 
H eart 
Assn.’s cyclethon at 8:3o a.in. Saturday in McAl­ lister Park, 131o2 Jones- 
Maltsberger Road. 
Cyclethon ’77, an an­ nual cycling event for all ages, seeks to make the public aware of the im­ portance of e x e rc ise , especially biking, for health. 
A minimum pledge of 
25 cents per m ile is required. P riz e s con ­ tributed by local m er chants will go to p a r ­ ticipants who raise ex­ ceptional amounts. 
Information and regis­ tration forms may be ob­ tained from the heart as­ sociation’s office at 12o 
E. Martin tit. 
Courses offered 
The St. Philip’s College. 
Evening Divsion is' offer ing IO courses in p sy­ chology for the summer session 1977. 
Pre-registration for the summer session begins 
Monday and will continue through May 23. Regular registration is set for 
May 24-25. 
Classes begin in the evening division on May 
3o. 

 carried on the southbound lanes while the northbound lanes remain closed until mid-Mav. 
South of the intersection, southbound 
Z a r z a m o r a traffic will continue on New 
Laredo Highway to H u m ­ boldt Street. From there It will be directed left on 
Humboldt back to 
Zarzamora. 
N orthboun d traffic cin 
Z a r z a m o r a will be de toured right at Stonewall 
Avenue to Packard Street, then north to B righ to n 
Avenue, left to Nogalitos and back to Zarzamora. 
W atch for d irection a l signs throughout the area. 

There will be no left turn from Nogalitos onto Z a r ­ z a m o ra d u rin g the two- week period. 
New Braunfels Avenue between M a r tin L u th e r 
K in g D riv e and H e d g e s 
Street remains closed until further notice. 
Frio Street at West C o m ­ m e rce Street and W est 
Commerce between Pecos and M e d in a streets are closed until further notice. 
One lane of both west bound and eastbound IH41o between Airport Boulevard and 
Jones M a lt s b e r g e r 
R oad will be subject to closure between 9 a m. and 
4 p.m. 
Debarred but not de-lasled 

Lower in tar than al! the 
Lights 

 tar mg ag nicotine mg- ag 

 a h Extra Mud 
14 
I o 

V y Extra Mild 
14 
I o 

K 
J M M S 
14 
o 9 

W n Lights 
’ 3 
o 9 

M o Lights 
13 
o 8 

S rn Lights 
11 
o 8 

V e 
IO 
o 7 

K t Golden lights 
9 
o 7 

M t 
6 
o 5 

PALL MALL Extra Mild* 
7 
o6 

Only 
7 mg. tar 

Of all brands, lowesi iar less than o b mg mc less than 
X 
o Ob mg av per cigatetie, 
R C Report Dec 

RALL MALL EXTRA MILD 

I 

Warning: The Surgeon General Has Determined 

That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous to Your Health. 

* I mg ‘ tar. o 6 mg ucotme av per cigarette by FIC method 

- J 
- ...... -i-sr---------- ----------------------------------------~ — * 

Gift ideas for your 
Mother from 
Joske's! 

GIFTS 

Bill Coots tries to locate the queen bee of a hive that decided to find a new home under the fender of a car stopped in traffic in northwest Atlanta. The photographer retreated after being stung several times. —AP Wirephoto 
Jackson raps gas tax boost 

WASHINGTON - President Carter’s proposals for gasoline tax increases to encourage fuel conservation are impracti­ cal and probably will fail to win 
Congressional approval, Sen. Henry Jack- 

Rep. Al U llm an, D- 
Ore., c h airm an of the 
House Ways and Means 
C om m ittee, said he would like to see the pro­ posed gasoline tax in ­ creases de-emphasized and national energy goals emphasized. 
“ Tax will not deter consumption. There has been a 4o per cent in­ crease in the cost of gas over the past three years with consumption growth about the sa m e ,” said 
Jackson, chairman of the 
Senate 
E nergy and 
Natural Resources Com­ mittee. 
“ A tax on gas at the pump, in order to be ef­ fective, would have to get 
I up to close to $1 a gallon. 

I That’s not do-able, poli- 
! ticaliy or o th erw ise,” 
■ Jackson said. 
But he said he believes i C arter is on the right track with his proposal to tax gas-guzzling cars and prove provide rebates to people who buy smaller, gas-efficient aulos. 

Reagan opposes gas lax hike 

NEW YORK - Ronald 
Reagan, the former Cali­ fornia governor, said he’s opposed to President 
Carter’s proposal to put a heavy tax on big, gas- eating cars. 
Reagan said penalizing taxes on big cars would cause incalculable hard­ ship for people like those who own campers. He al­ so noted that part of the proposal called for using the penalty tax lo reward those who bought small cars. 
His com m ents were made on NBC’s “ Meet the Press” program. 

Public works bill action due 

WASHINGTON - Con­ gress, which has been running behind schedule in enacting President 
Carters proposals to en­ liven the economy, picks up some speed this week. 
A $4 billion program of public works, estimated to c reate 
15o.ooo to 
4oo,ooo jobs, is slated for attention in both chambers. 
On Monday, the Senate will take up an appro­ priation measure, already passed by the 
House, containing funds for this and other pro­ grams. 
On. Tuesday the House is expected to pass the basic bill in its final form, with its own and the Senate version re ­ conciled. 

Pesticides found in mothers'’ milk 

WASHINGTON - De­ tectable levels of three pesticide compounds were found in the milk of a m ajority of nursing m others tested by the 
E nvironm ental P ro tec­ tion Agency. But health experts say the low levels pose no immediate health 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

 hazard to either mothers or their newborn chil­ dren. 

“ However, the possible long term consequences of these minute amounts are uncertain,” the EPA said in a statement ac­ companying the study. 

The report said detec­ table levels of dieldrin, oxychlordance and heptachlor epoxide were found in the milk of a m a jo rity of nursin g mothers. 

Schmidt, Carter talks planned 

WASHINGTON - U.S. officials say mounting policy differences will bring West G e rm a n ’s 
Chancellor 
Helmut 
Schmidt to Washington soon for m an-to-m an talks with 
P re sid e n t 
Carter. 

The two governments are reported to be work­ ing on arran g em en ts. 
Final details may be set­ tled in London next week when both leaders attend allied summit meetings. 

Disagreements be­ tween 
Washington and 
Bonn in the past have been rare but currently are wide-ranging. They include West German’s refusal to halt its contro­ versial sale of a nuclear plant to Brazil, Carter’s belief that West Germany can do m ore to spur world economic recovery and S ch m id t’s sk e p ti­ cism over C arter’s ap­ proach to the issue of human rights. 

PDA to open 
Laetrile hearing 

KANSAS CITY - The legal and scientific status of Laetrile, the alleged anticancer drug, will be the subject this week at a court-ordered public- hearing to be held by the 
Food and Drug Adminis­ tration. 

The FDA already has more than 5,ooo pieces of w ritten testimony and rebuttal on file in a stack two feet in height. And 2o persons, for and against the use of Laetrile, and have filed their intention of presenting oral argu­ ments. 

Laetrile, also known as amygdalin and vitamin 
B-17, occurs naturally in 
JI he pits of apricots, peaches and bitter al­ monds. It has been pro­ moted as a cancer 
“ cure” for about 25 years and the FDA says that recently promoters are claiming it can also pre­ vent cancer. 

TRE 
MAY 8™ 

Pamper Mother with one of our 

 long satiny robes from Vanity Fair 

Our satiny robes of Antron^ III nylon Glisanda^ look and feel like satin yet are so easy care. Left; a long "dinner shirt" has notch col­ lar. button front, in-seam pockets and elasticized back waistband, in cremellow or Azurelle. Sizes 8-18. Right; "Sparkler" wrap, a classic robe with trapunto bands on neckline and sleeve cuffs, in 
Cotton Candy, Powder Puff, or Azurelle, sizes P,S,M,L. Each 25.oo. 
Loungewear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin. 

SHE’S 
CW A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES TONIGHT 'TIL 9 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
Oriel. 12.5o. She can display several pictures at once with this gold-tone frame by Burlies of Boston. Brown or beige mat. Stationery, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Austin. 
Ti 
HJT 

 as A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

MOM 

Save 4.51! 'Collage' multiple opening frame 
799 

Give her a microelectronic digital watch by Texas 
Instruments! Solid state with single command button, self-adjusting calendar, gold-tone chain bracelet, 
Calculators, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, 
Austin. Use your Joske's Enjoyment card! 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

Computerized calculator, clock, alarm & stop watch 
4995 

Advanced calculator by Casio performs m athem a­ tical functions ... pius it also has a clock with an alarm, plus a stop watch! Computerized quartz. 
Calculators, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, 
Austin. Just say "Charge it!" 

‘These products have a m anufacturer's warranty. For a free copy of the warranty, write Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 
JOSHE S I j rn A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

Ladies' L.E.D. digital watch * 
3995 

Patrolman George Castaneda, 23, shields himself fro m Sunday's hot sun by wearing his t-shirt on his head during the policeman's marathon run around IH4 1o. — Staff Photo by H.M. Dean Jr. 
B h u tto ’s peace offer rejected 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — Hopes for a negotiated settlement in P akistan’s bloody political crisis dwindled Sunday when a key opposition le a d e r a n ­ nounced that Prim e Minister Zulfikar 
A Ii Bhutto’s latest peace offers had been rejected. 
Retired Air Marshal Asghar Khan, 
56, who is under police detention, said iii a statement smuggled to outside supporters that the opposition Pakis­ tan National Alliance would continue its campaign of civil disobedience until 
Bhutto resigns. 
Ile appealed lo the arm ed services to disobey Bhutto's orders, saying the prime minister represented an “ un­ lawful” government. 
Sadat to send pilots to Zaire 

CAIRO — President Anwar el Sadat announced Sunday that he will send 
Egyptian pilots to Zaire to operate the air force and help put down the rebel­ lion in the south of the country. 
Citing growing ‘activity by the Soviet 
Union in Africa, the Egyptian p re ­ sident said he was acting to protect his southern neighbor, the Sudan, and the sources of the Nile. 
Morocco has already sent 1,5oo men lo Zaire, and Moroccan and national forces have pushed back rebel forces, said to have invaded from Angola. 

African leaders get peace prizes 

MOSCOW — Angolan P r e s id e n t 
Agostinho Neto and Mozambique P re ­ sident Samora Machel have won Lenin peace prizes for “ outstanding services in tie struggle for the preservation and strengthening of peace.” it was a n ­ nounced Sunday. 
Other winners of the $33,ooo prizes for 1977 were Janus Radar, head of the 
Hungarian Communist party; Horten- sia Bussi de Allende, widow of Chile's late Marxist president, Salvador Al­ lende; Irish diplomat and Nobel peace prize winner Scan MacBride; French* 
National Assembly m e m b er P ie rre 
Pouyade, and 
Greek poet 
Jannos 
Bizes. 

The awards were given by a com ­ mittee headed by Soviet academ ician 
Nikolai Blokhin and including repre­ sentatives from other socialist countries. 

Ara fa I vows continued fight 

BEIRUT, Lebanon — In an emotion­ al eulogy for slain L ebanese leftist 
Katnal Jumblatt, Palestinian guerrilla chief Vasir Arafat vowed Sunday to continue the Palestinian fight for a homeland. 
“ The P alestinian revolution will continue, will continue, will continue, just as Jum blatt wanted it to,” Arafat said 
Arafat, head of the Palestine Liber­ ation Organization PLO, was the main speaker at an international gathering to pay homage to Jum blatt. 

 t. 
WORLD 
DIGEST 

Norway oil field cloning dem anded 

STAVANGER, Norway — Environ­ mentalists and fishermen on Sunday demanded that the Norwegian govern­ ment shut down its lucrative North Sea oil fields until it improves protection ag ain st m idsea d is a s te rs like the 
Ekofisk well blowout. 
The 
P h illip s 
P e tro le u m 
Co., m eanw hile, pledged th a t c le a n u p operations in the Ekofisk field would con tin u e re g a rd le s s of co st u n til 
“ every last possible drop of oil had been recovered.” 

WASHINGTON (A P) - Should a company which uses false or mislead­ ing advertising be required to run corrections? 
That's the question being considered by the Federal Trade Commission and the agency wants to know what you think. 
The commission already can order a company to run corrective ads, but ifs a long, co m plicated legal process. 
Such an order has been issued only once — w ith Listerine antiseptic — and that case is still in court. 
Under the rules being considered, co rre c tiv e a d v e rtis in g would be required autom atically w henever a company makes a false or misleading claim, over a set period of time, con­ cerning health, safety or nutrition. 
The d ea d lin e for s u b m i ttin g an opinion is next Friday. Write to the 
Assistant 
Director for 
National 
A d v ertisin g . B u reau of C o n s u m e r 
Protection, Federal T rad e C om m is­ sion. Washington, D.C., 2o58o. 

PLANT TOURS — Ever wonder how beer is made? Or wish you could see ships being repaired? Or autos rolling off the assembly line? I fs possible. 
Many manufacturing plants wel­ com e \is ito r s and the C o m m e rc e 
Department’s United States Travel 
Service has compiled a list of them. 
"USA Plant Visits 1977-1978” costs 
$2.8o and is available from the Super­ intendent of Documents, U.S. Govern­ ment 
Printing Office, 
Washington, 
D C.. 2o4o2. Ask for GPO stock no. 
oo3-o12-ooo-41-7. 

BOATING MEETING — The annual meeting of the National Boating Safety 
Advisory Council will be held May 24 and 25 in Annapolis, Md. The meeting, covering a variety of safety items, is open to the public. 
Written com ments and suggestions may also be sent to the council at any time. Write to the Executive Director. 
N ational B oating S afety A d visory 
Council, U.S. Coast G uard (G-BA). 
Washington. D.C., 25o9o. 

J O S H E S 

Blow to head killed woman 

By CECIL CLIFT 

An autopsy performed on the body of a 
29-year-old woman Sun­ day whose, s e m i-n u d e body was found in North 
Bexar County revealed she died from a blow to the head. 

The victim, Linda J. 
Hopwood, 29, of 71o Sut­ ton D rive, w as found sprawled face down in a wooded area off of Bul­ verd e Road n e a r the 
Cibolo 
Saturday after­ noon. 

“ She was hit on the head about one inch over lier right ear,“ said Bexar 
County Sheriff’s Inv. A. 
E. Ramon Jr. after ex­ amining a report issued by the B e x ar County 
Medical 
E xam iner’s 
Office. 

Fracture 

R am on said d o cto rs examining the bod} con­ cluded the w om an received a slight skull fra c tu re th at in tu rn caused massive internal hemorrhaging, 

“ She had rec e iv e d several other blows to the head and it looked like an a tte m p t w as m a d e at stran g u latio n ,’’ Ram on was told. 

The doctors speculated the weapon could have been a dull instrument, a strong person’s fist or a piece of wood. 

Lt. Kenneth Bilhartz, chief of the investigative unit, said he is operating u n d e r the th e o ry the woman was killed Wed­ nesday after being taken to the site by her I assailant. 

It was on W ednesday the woman failed to show up for a job interview at an office building at 1635 
NE IH41o. Her locked car was found on the lot of the building the next day. 
Homicide 

Lt. Bilhartz said he has turned over information about the ca se lo city homicide officers since it appears the woman was abducted in San Antonio. 

The lieutenant said the w om an, clad only in a beige skirt, ap p aren tly put up a struggle before being killed. 

Her other clothes were found strewn around the spot where she was found and there were numerous bruises on her body. Her bra was found w rapped around her neck, ne said. 

M issing from the scene, however, w ere a pair of white shoes the w om an was re p o rted ly wearing when last seen. 

Ut. Bilhartz speculated her shoes and purse may have been thrown out the window of the assailant's c a r or tossed into the creek. 

Stray bullet kills man 

A bullet fired by an a s s a ila n t o u tsid e a lounge Sunday morning pierced the b u ild in g ’s wall and then struck and killed a customer sitting inside. 

P ro n o u n ced dead at 
2:45 a.m. at Green Ho­ spital of a gunshot wound to his left side was Frank 
Condo, 53, of 3o4 E. Hart 
Ave. 

Officers said the victim was shot at about 1:45 a.m. as he sat in a booth with his wife at a lounge in the 1ooo block of Frio 
City Road. 

 bAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mpndov May 2 1977 
H 
Pane 
5-A 

14K yellow gold diamond rings 

A. Four diamonds in a geometric setting 
............................. 1oo.oo 
B. Four diamonds in an exciting modern setting ................. 
89.95 
C. Three diamonds in a lovely butterfly 
............................... 129.95 
Diamond Salon, Downtown Main Floor, North Star and Windsor Park. Illustration enlarged to show detail. 
All items subject to prior sale. 

Sa n Iii lo ii lo Express 

Published Mondo* through friday except to bor Day and Thank Mjwing Oay and not published on July 4, Chmfma* Day, New 
Year > Day when they occur Monday through friday Also not published on a Monday when 
July 4, Christmas Day. New Yeor s Day falls on a preceding Sunday 
By The Express-New* Corporation 
P. Q Son 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 
Second Class Postage Paid at 
San Antonio, Texas ftegistfado corno ar bculo ck 2do close el 
29 de frier® 1922. en to Admmisfrocion de 
Correas en Nuevo loredo, Tamps , Mexico 

AH communications should be addressed to 
San Antomo Express, or San Antonio News. 
This newspaper will not be responsible for manuscripts or photographs not solicited lo* pybWohon 
MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 
Inside Texas 
I Mo 
6 ’Mo*. 
I Yr 
Morning & Sunday 
$5 49 $28 ll $54 74 
$4 65 $23 9o $46 I » 
$5 o7 $26 13 $5o 56 
$4 41 $23 o5 $44 54 
$3 21 $16 15 $3o 85 
Ipr.res above include '■ales to* ) 
OTHfcR STATES 
Morning & Sunday 
$5 51 
$31 
34 $61 17 
Morning O I* 
$5 2o $27 47 $53 75 
Everting & Sunday 
$5 45 $3o 25 $58 99 
Evening Only . 
, J; $4 79 $26 5o $51 43 
Sunday Only . 
$3 48 $16 95 $32 74* 

|SyE«fipt»«ns outside Tt*os or* not witter* »o to* \ 

Home delivery monthly rates rn San An tamo Morning and Sunday, $3 4o pe* month 
*(includes taxi 6 day Morning only, $2 7o per. month (includes taxi. Sunday only — 4 Sun-, tdoy 
$1.47 per month (include* la* I,; 5' 
Sunday — $1 84 per month (includes tax) 
COM8IN4r^^)N RATE: Morning. Evening. 
Saturdayond Sunday. $4 35 per month. 

JOSKE'S BEAUTY BULLETIN 

SHOP FOR MOTHER AT ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 
JUST CLIP COUPON AT BOTTOM OF PAGE TO ORDER BY 
MAIL OR PHONE 227-4211! COSMETICS, ALL STORES 

JOVAN sex Appeal perfume 

Perhaps ike 
Rppejl ever made to man. as a jungle.. 
Pulsating as excited love. 
And yet somehow us bxau&fiity dtxneei «* a woman can be. 
. 
Th*, unicorn blind of... 

Give sensuous Jovan 

A powerful fragrance for a very special kind of woman 
. . cologne, 2 oz. and perfume, I /3 oz. 
7 
OO 

Dab on Jovan Grass Oil 

Legendary Belle de Jovan 

The sensual, long lasting blend of the finest ingredi­ ents of the world make this perfume unique. Perfume 
1/3 oz., cologne 2.25 oz. 
IO 
OO 

A summery fragrance that brings in the great out­ doors, perfect for this se a ­ son! Cologne spray mist, 2 oz. 7.oo, cologne concen­ trate 7/8 oz. 
4 
OO 

Give her Mink and Pearls 

A rich combination, and a b e a u ­ tiful feeling when she indulges in a bath full of the wonderful Mink and Pearls scent . . . IO oz. candle 
11.5o, 
Cologne concentrate spray, 4.o o . Bath oil capsules. 
IO 
OO 

ORDER BY MAIL OR PHONE 227-4211 weekdays a.m. 'til 9 p.m. 
Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 
Charge ( 
) Check ( 
) Money O rder ( 
) 
Please send me the following items from the 
Beauty Bulletin as advertised! 
Add 5% sales tax 

ITEM 
QUANTITY 
SIZE 
PRICE 

Total 
Total Tax 
G rand Total 

Heady musk oil by Jovan 

JOO 

A lingering scent that will keep you on his min'd'all day . . . Subtle and indivi­ dually different on every­ one. Dusting powder, 5 oz. 
6.oo. I /3 oz. oil. 

For a special someone, give 
Madam Jovan 

A classically 
F rench fragrance in a blend of the world's finest flow­ ers. 
Eau de Col­ ogne, 2.25 oz. 
75o 

Light-up and make-up! 

 ease 
Put on your make up with and lots of light anyw here you go with our Mirror Go Lightly. C ase included. 
24 99 

Name 
.................................................................................. 
Acct No. □ □ □ □ □ □ □ □ 

Address ........................................................................... 

City ..................................... State 
Zip . . . . . 

Outside delivery area please add 1.oo for handling. 

Inside delivery area, please add 1.oo on purchases under 25.oo, and under. 

TO CALL JOSKE'S TOLL FREE if you live within ^ 
6o-mile radius of San Antonio, dial O perator and ask for ENterprise 9951. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 

Lawmakers mourn axing of pet projects 

AUSTIN (AP) — House members who applauded 
Gov. Dolph Briscoe’s no-new-taxes policy and e\en included the slogan in their own campaigns suffered visibly when pet projects died in its name. 
There will be more weeping and wailing before the representa*. lives finish cutting the 
$15.7 billion general ap­ propriation bill and pass it to the Senate this week. 
They spent all last week on it and resume the tedious process of amending it at I p.m. today. 
Amendment 

Rep. Bill Presnal, D* 
Bryan, chairman of the 
House Appropriations 
Committee, said he will have an 
“ omnibus amendment” cutting $76 million from the educa­ tion article. That would be on top of the $157 mil­ lion cut last week. it is old news that un­ less appropriations for state agencies, institu­ tions and universities are cut close to the bone, there won’t be enough left for these other cher­ ished expenditures: 
• More state funds for public schools, including some minor relief for property taxpayers. Cost of the House bill: $695 million. 

• A teacher pay raise: 
House committee bill: 
$263 million. 
• Increased benefits; for retired teachers and those that will retire in the future. Bills ap­ proved by a House sub­ committee: $213 million. 
• Greater assistance for teaching hospitals. 
Senate bill: $4o million. 
• State-financed adult probation as an alterna­ tive to imprisonment. 
Senate bill; $51.5 million. 
Also, one can almost forget about that House- passed bill eliminating the sales tax on utility costs and setting up a fairer inheritance tax system. It costs $258 mil­ lion. 
A coalition of minori­ ties and whites of both liberal and conservative stripe were aghast last week when in the name of economy, the 
House stripped out $43 million in increased welfare benefits for families w ith dependent children. 
Commissions 
Regional oxen were gored when the House stripped out not only funds for new “ cultural basin” commissions for 
East and West Texas but also the $633,ooo for the existing South Texas 
Cultural 
Basin 
Commission, 
“ It hasn’t been given a 

 fair chance to work with the free enterprise sys­ tem of South Texas,” ob­ jected Rep. Billy Hall, 
D-Laredo, who credited the commission with helping convert an aban­ doned Air Force base near Laredo to un indus­ trial park. 
Rep. Jimmie Edwards, 
D-Conroe, seemed close to tears when all his pleading and front-micro- phone oratory couldn’t save the $72 million ho­ spital and “ multi-pur­ pose facility’’ the committee had approved earlier for the prison system. 
He pointed out that juries are sending Tex­ ans to prison faster than convicts are being set free or paroled. 
Brucelosis 

A $4 million program to vaccinate calves against brucellosis went down the tubes amid calls of “ moo-o-o.” Con­ servative Joe Hubenak, 
D-Rosenberg, who wants to be agriculture com­ missioner, couldn’t put together the votes to save it. 
But representatives salvaged $17,ooo of the 
$2o,ooo originally recom­ mended to operate as a tourist attraction a house built of salt blocks in 
Grand Saline by the 
Morton Salt Co. 

 k 
; iv-. • 

 h * •/: :;i.. . 
K ; 

W IM B E R L Y , T EXAS- 
7 A R A N C H 

Ret. 5 P.M. 

L 

M a y 28 — Lv. 8 A.M.- 
Visit New Braunfels Cotton Miil-Son Marcos Aquorena Springs Sub­ marine Theatre-7A Ranch, Western Town and Pacific Railroad- 
Fischers Store. 
BASEBALL-ASTRODOME 
Houston vs Pittsburgh-Sundoy, May I 5 
Houston vs Los Angeles-Monday, M ay 3o 
BIG BEND NATIONAL PARK 
June 9-12— Only 5 couples reservations left 
2 July Tour-FINE ARTS TRAIL 
Comfort - Center Point - Kerrville - 
Ingram - Camp Verde 
6 AUGUST-EAST TEXAS-INDIAN RESERVATION 
Tour Big Thicket - Tribal Dances • Train Ride - 
Outdoor Drama - “Beyond The Sundown” 
COWBOY vs OILERS FOOTBALL GAME 
Houston, Texes-Sept ember 3 
Depart September 3-Return September 4 
KING TUT-NEW ORLEANS-coming up 
Make your reservations now-PHone: 227-3241 
SCENIC TOURS OF TEJAS INC. 

Denise Tellez, 3, is probably enjoying her cake at Sunday’s Holy Cross High School Fiesta at 
Pablo s Grove, but she seems a bit apprehensive about having the camera intrude on her private little party. — Staff Photo by H. M. Dean Jr. 
NIXON - WATERGATE 

 mg to his resignation 
Aug. 9, 1974. 
But they do reinforce that he was preoccupied with Watergate from the beginning. Three days after the break-in, he told aide Charles W. Colson that: “ It doesn’t sound like a skillful job ... If we didn't know better, would have thought it was deliberately botched.” 

The transcripts have been in the possession of 
Watergate lawyers for years. Their simultan- 

Remember Mom 

Fine Jewelry Sale — Rings, rings! 14 kt. gold mountings selection of stones such as opals, diamonds, topaz an 

Were $75 to $1295 

 n o w $29.66 to $499 

I 

.I 

Examples: 

% 

14 

14 

 kt. gold filled with bezels. 
Reg. $6.95 N O W 
Peso 

(just 223) 

Cat House Necklaces 

*2.96 
Rings 
,ius,88) 

 kt. gold mounts, 
$J& Q 
£ £ 
Reg. $89.95 N O W 
H p I « o 
o 
(Just 29) 
Gold Filled Chains, 24 

Reg. $3.98 N O W 8 6 " 

Assorted turquoise jewelry, rings, bracelets and necklaces. 
Reg. $ 9 . 9 5 to $ 3 9 9 
NO W ‘4.56 to ‘149.66 
SEE O U R GREAT VALU ES rn 
O N OUT O F PAWN MDSEIli 
Such as: Guns, Cameras 
Guitars, Typewriters, etc. 
COME IN: 

Browsers, Buyers, Bargain-Hunters. 

3 1 o 6 Fred ericksb u rg Rd. 

Daily 1o-6 

 r 

 eous release to two newspapers and two weekly news magazines coincided with the Wed­ nesday showing of the first of Frost’s interviews with Nixon — the seg­ ment dealing with Wa­ tergate, 
Quotes 
Time and Newsweek are featuring Nixon on their covers this week, and included generous quotations from the tran­ scripts. Stories based on the tapes appeared on the 
IMAGE meeting planned 

The 
1977 
National 
IM AGE 
Convention begins Tuesday at the 
Convention Center and will last through Satur­ day with the San Antonio 
Chapter serving as host. 
IMAGE is a national organization concerned with federal, state, coun­ ty and municipal em­ ployment of 
Hispanic 
Americans. 
The U.S. Civil Service 
Commission will conduct a one-day seminar for more than 41)o Spanish­ speaking program coor­ dinators the day before the convention, Tuesday, at El Tropicano Motor 
Hotel. 
The convention of­ ficially start at IO a.m. 
Wednesday at the Ban­ quet Hall with a keynote speech by Arrabella 
Martinez, undersecre­ tary of Health, Education and Welfare for human development. 
Mondale 
Vice President Walter 
Mondale also is scheduled as a guest speaker Friday evening, although IMAGE is wait­ ing for confirmation of his \isit to San Antonio. 
Ile will be featured with Admiral James D. 
Watkins, chief of Naval 
Personnel at a 7 p.m. dinner and dance. 
Other national speakers will be Dr. Ar­ turo Morales Carrion, president of the Univer­ sity of Puerto Rico, and 
U.S. Sen. John Tower of 
Texas. 
Two panel discussions will be held at 1:3o p.m. 
Wednesday and will be of interest to local govern­ ment employes. 
One discussion will be on affirmative action programs and the other will be a discussion em­ ployment opportunities for hispanic women. 
Other events include exhibits and a Mariachi 
Mass for the the IMAGE delegates. 
The public is invited and registration may be made from 8-IU a.m. 
Wednesday and at 9 a.m. 
Thursday in the Arcade 
Room of the Convention 
Center. 

 front pages of the New 
York Times and the Wa­ shington Post Sunday. 
With the exception of his brush with death from the complications of phlebitis and his sub­ sequent trip to China, 
Nixon has remained out of the limelight — sel­ dom venturing from se­ clusion of his home in 
San Clemente, Calif. 
Frost failed in at­ tempts to interest the networks in his fourpart series, for which he reportedly paid Nixon 
$6oo,ooo plus a percen­ tage of the profits. 
Adding to the media blitz, CBS’s “ 6o Min­ utes’’ devoted a sizable segment to an interview with Frost, speaking also with the news division presidents of CBS and 
NBC about the propriety of paying Nixon. 
The Frost organiza­ tion, which sold the Nix­ on series to an “ over­ night network” of 145 stations, has held Nixon’s remarks closely. A spo­ kesman said the new transcripts were not released by Frost. The current Watergate pro­ secutor, Charles Ruff, said his office didn t fur­ nish the transcrips cither. 
Prison 
Colson, who served more than four months in prison after pleading guilty to a Watergate- related charge, said the newly publicized tran­ scripts are inaccurate and misleading. He sug­ gested that they were early, uncorrected ver­ sions. 
“ This whole thing today to me is a puff job for the Frost show,” he said in a telephone,inter­ view'. “ The fact that the media could be so man­ ipulated to take old tapes, using material demonstrated to be inac­ curate, use phrases like 
‘hush money’ which are not in the transcripts, then hype it up, makes me suspicious of the whole thing.” 
The transcripts were made by the Special Wa­ tergate 
Prosecution 

Tires may make man millionaire 

ANDOVER. Minn. - 
Cecil Heidelberger has a backyard full of tires — between 8 million and 12 million of them. He hasn’t counted yet. 
An Oklahoma City man has offered Heidelberger about 39 cents each for the car tires and up to $5 for the bigger ones, and will set up a huge tire- shredding machine on 
Heidelberger’s land to recycle the rubber. 
“ We dispose of these tires for fuel,” said 
Teddy Jo Bivens, who runs a tire salvage busi­ ness and claims to have cleaned up Oklahoma’s used tires singlehanded­ ly. 

Force for possible use in the 
1974 
Watergate coverup trial of former 
Atty. Gen. John N. Mit­ chell, and former top 
Nixon aides H.R. Hal- deman and John D. Ehr- liehman, all of whom were convicted. 
Duplicate 
The tapes, however, were thought to duplicate some of the 33 other recordings played for the jury and thus were used only in part, or not at all. 
Defense lawyers were furnished with tran­ scripts, in accord with trial rules. 
Nixon told Frost that when he discussed the break-in with Haldeman on June 2o, 1973 — the conversation erased in the famed lSVj-minute gap — he merely ordered 
“ a public relations offen­ sive on what the other side is doing.” 
Frost asked why then did he tell Colson the same day “ we’re just going to leave this where it is, with the Cubans?” 
—• a reference to the four 
Cuban-Americans then already charged with the burglary. 
Time said at that point, 
Nixon’s voice faltered. 
“ My motive in ever­ ything I was saying or certainly thinking at the time was not to try to cover up a criminal ac­ tion but ... we weren’t going to allow people in the White House, people in the (re-election) com­ mittee at the highest levels who were not in­ volved to be smeared by the whole thing. In other words, we were trying to politically contain it.” 
Motives 
Newsweek called the interview “ the clearest indication yet by the ex- 
President himself of his role and motives in the national nightmare called Watergate.” The magazine quoted an un­ named person involved in the production as saying it is “ as close to a mea culpa (I am guilty) as he is capable of.” 
Meanwhile, the New 
York 
Daily 
News predicted that the inter­ views would be “ the first step in an ambitious pro­ gram by the disgraced ex-President to rehabili­ tate his image.” 
The New York Times and the Washington Post conceded that the new tape transcripts add little to what is already known. 
The Times said they show “ the calculation and callousness of Nixon 
White House discus­ sions” as the former 
President casually con­ sidered the prospect of high officials perjuring themselves. 
Losses 
In conversations of 
Feb. 13 and 14, 1973, the transcripts show that 
Nixon told Colson: “ The 

 cover-up is, is the main ingredient 
... that’s where we gotta cut our losses. My losses are to be cut. The President’s losses got to be cut on the cover-up deal.” 
Time said Nixon was surprised when Frost quoted from that tape, indicating to aides later that he had never heard it. “ It’s available to an­ ybody who consults the records,” the interviewer tells Nixon. 
The transcript con­ tradicts Nixon’s oft-stat­ ed claim that he first learned of the coverup from Dean on March 21. 
That was Dean’s so­ called cancer on the pre­ sidency speech where 
Nixon said it would be no problem to raise $1 mil­ lion hush money. 
Conclusion 
When Frost says the tapes show Nixon knew the cover-up was under way more than a month before his session with 
Dean, Nixon replies: 
“ You could state your conclusion and I ’ve stat­ ed my view. So now we go on to the rest of it.” 
Time says 
Frost pounded 
Nixon with quote after quote from the March 21 transcript and that at the end, Nix­ on looked like a beaten man. 
On “ 6o Minutes,” in­ terviewer Frost became the interviewee. C BS’ 
Mike Wallace asked him why Nixon would “ con­ fess” on television when he can make so much more money by saving such soul-baring for his book, due to be published next year. 
“ lf he has told the truth on television, mil­ lions and millions of peo­ ple will have seen that,” said Frost, “ That’s the reason why. Because he realizes that if he misses this opportunity, no one’s going to buy the book anyway.” 

Bank book of Solon gets boost 

ASSOCIATED W ESS 
DALLAS — Rep. John Young of Corpus 
Christi has transferred $25,ooo in excess political contributions to his personal ac­ counts, the Dallas Tim es Herald said 
Sunday. 

In a statement con­ cerning the transfer. 
Young, a Democrat, said he converted the money 
“ to accomplish the fiscal flexibility needed to meet the increased expenses both at the office and at home not otherwise covered by salary or al­ lowances.” 
Under current federal election law, leftover campaign funds must be used “ for legal pur­ poses.” 
Young said he intended to pay taxes on the money under current law that requires such money to be treated as income. 
The congressman’s salary is $57,5oo a year. p a y hike half-hour series on Moh- 
Young said his con days jn which the star gressional pay has not p jay S a movie actress w ho embarks on a second carcer in television. 

New T V shows 

 in works 

NEW YORK (A P) - 
The CBS fall television 
.schedule won’t include the Mary Tyler Moore 
Show, but two featured players from that series, 
Edward Asner and Betty 
White, will have shows of their own. 
The one-hour weekly 
“ Ed Asner Show” on 
Tuesdays w ill have Asner in the role of city editor of a Los Angeles new­ spaper. 
“ The 
Betty 
White Show” will be a 

 kept pace with “ the real cost of living” despite a recent 29 per cent hike in 
Congressmen’s salaries. 
“ I have had to draw on my savings for the past few years because the salary has become un­ realistic,” Young said. 
“ The salary adjustment of 29 per cent does not compare to the 61 per cent real cost of living adjustment over the years.” 
The Times Herald said 
Young transferred the money on Feb. I, about one month before pas­ sage of a new code of ethics by the House. 
Young said he had sold 
$27,5oo worth of personal savings bonds last year to meet expenses. 
RUN 

Continued from Page IA city’s loop were Sgts. 
Tom Tannehill, Jerry 
Timmins, Don Zook, and 
Patrolman 
George 
Castaneda. 
Castaneda said he had no real problem during the run “ except for the heat. Just the heat — if the sun didn’t get us on the head, it got us on the asphalt,” he said. 
‘‘But I ’m lucky I don’t have any blisters,” he said, adding, “ I know there were quite a few of us, but not that many completed the run. 
“ Anyway, their pledges w ill still be made good.” 
Castaneda said the policemen took pledges from sponsors at about $1 per mile. The total raised w'as not immediately known. 
“ I’ll tell you, 'he only way to complete this run is to walk a mile, jog about two miles and then walk again,” he said in between heavy breaths. 
Throughout the 17-hour walk-run-jog ordeal, the runners’ thirsts were quenched with sodas with the help of Patrolman 
Robert Castaneda and 
Art Salinas, who also transported fatigued runners back to their cars. 

Move 
Both shows are productions of Mary 
Tyler Moore’s MTM En­ terprises. 
Two programs will move to C B S from ABC “ 
— the hour-long “ Wonder -^ 
Woman” on Fridays and *. 
“ The 
Tony 
Randall, 
Show,” a half-hour Sa­ turday show. 
The other new hour *“ shows will be: 
• “ The Fitzpatricks” ,"* on Tuesdays, about a*,., contemporary 
Irish- 
Catholic family in Flint. 
Mich.; 
’ 
• “ Rafferty” on Mon­ days, with 
Patrick 
McGoohan as a former''** 
Army doctor now prac­ ticing in a large general *.V* hospital; 
• “ Dan’l Boone” on 
Mondays, adventures of the frontier hero at age 
25. 
• “ Logan’s Run” oh „ 
Fridays, science fiction set in the 23rd Century. 

• *g 
Body found 

A man identified as a patient at a drug ,, rehabilitation center was found shot in the head and dumped in an East 
Bexar 
County field 
Sunday. 
The victim was iden­ tified by Sheriff’s inves­ tigators as Francisco VG 
Sifuentes, 28. His re-,tlj sidence was listed as 222 • 4 
E. Mitchell St., the ad,',’* dress of the Patricia#, ! 
Movement 
Drug 
Re- ^ habilitation Center. 
According to investiga,- „ tors, the man had been - dead for several days. 
Morgue attendants^, said there was a bullet hole in the man’s head. ‘J 1 
Discovery of remains was made about 
7 p.m by members of a j family searching the (i area for cactus and , herbs. j*' 
Investigators weep probing the death early 
Monday. 

W O W !!!! 
AIR 
NOW!!! 

14 

GET CENTRAL 
CONDITIONING-- 
[ TEDDERS BIG 3o,ooo 
^ 
. 
BTU CONDENSER outside unit $ 3 9 1 
FEDDERS BIG 36,ooo 
^ s 
BTU CONDENSER outside unit 
4 8 6 . 2 1 
PLUS INSTALLATION 
BY THE FAMOUS ROY SNIPES CO. BEST W ORK IN 
S.A. FOR 31 YEARS CALL NOW II 
[THE ROY SNIPES CO. 
CA3-o29< 

Cal] M addox 
To Renovate Your 
Bedding 
Save Vt The Cest of New Bedding 

For Free Estimate Call 

QUEEN SIZE 
SALE 
1691 

735-5211 

BRASS BEDS and 
HEADBOARDS AVAILABLE 
OO 
UP 

KING SIZE -mr- 
SIT 
895V 

1 9 9 °u? 
DOUBLE 
SET 
99°° up 
Buy Direct From a S.A. Factor 

 a Space Saver 

9o Days— 'Same as Cash „ or Budget Terms 

& includes 2 
Quality Mattresses 

OO up 
Brass, Map! 
Walnut W oad Ends 

I 9Q oo Sleep Like a, 
I A 
# up 
K in g 
Metal Le 

$ 5 3 o ' d e w # 
Maple, White 

Metal legs mm 
I “ maddoxI 

41o9 Fredericksburg Road iW l 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Mondoy M ay 2 1977 

T e x a n s p l a y e n e r g y g a m e 

 lit have your problem solved or a ques­ tion answered, write Action-Express, P.O. 
Pox 2171, San Antonio, TX 7112*17. 

Certified m eters 
We have lived at our present address for more than eight years. During that time. City Public 
Service has never calibrated or certified the accur­ acy of their kilowatt-hour meter installed on our house. 
Nor do I know what the initial accuracy for measuring electricity was when the meter was installed in 1968. 
The watt-hour m eters used at my place of employment are calibrated/certified on a periodic basis. 
Since CPS does not periodically calibrate or certify their meter at my home, how can they be assured they are not overcharging or undercharging their electricity customers due to erroneous meter readings? 
P. P. 

A spokesman for CPS said the policy was to certify meters when the m eters left the shop, whether old or new, and before they are installed at the private home. 
Once the meter is set on a residence, it joins the tremendous amount of other m eters in San 
Antonio. 
However, there is ran­ dom, sample testing. 
E ighteen different types of meters are test­ ed in this fashion with high standards, the spokesman said. 
The computer picks the meters which are certi­ fied. CPS bases the ac­ curacy of the m eter group on the standard of meters tested. 

“We have never had a group fail in the six to eight years we have been testing them in this manner,” the spokesman said. 
“ lf we had to test every single m eter it would 

 take a tremendous group of people and cost too much for the small amount of information that would be gained.” he said. 
If a group was to fail, a second sampling would be taken. It that group failed, “ we would purge the system of those type meters,” the spokesman said. 
“ Besides, the meters are just like hum ans,” the spokesm an said. 
“The older they get, the slower they go.” 
The spokesman contin­ ued: “ After 3o years, most of the meters, ail 18 types, arc still accurate within .5 per cent.” 
“It is very rare to find a bad meter. And if there is a bad meter, it is no­ ticed rapidly.” 
Computers monitor the meters, and if there is a sudden increase or de­ crease, an alarm is sounded so an inspector can go check on it, the spokesman concluded. 
Talented perform er 

While visiting the Institute of Texan Cultures, we were fortunate enough to catch a performance in the dome theater by a most fantastic lady. 
We did find out her name was Marsha Jones, but can you tell us more about this talented lady? 
.She had all the children spellbound, as well as the adults. As soon as she started to sing and play people came from all over the building to watch her show. 
San Antonio is indeed fortunate to lune her here. 
MRS. K. II. 
Marsha Jones is one of the many talented em ­ ployes at the Institute of 
Texan Cultures. 
In a nutshell, her per­ form ance tells how southern folk music got to Texas. In other words, how' European melodies and African rhythm s combined and moved to 
Texas. 
She uses an autoharp, mountain dulcimer and a five-string banjo in her performance in addition to her singing and animal calls. 
The perform er de­ scribed the show as edu­ cational entertainment, and she is one of four living exhibits at the in­ stitute. 

The institute also offers a real Indian making ar­ tifacts and a tepee and describing how they are made, with some histori­ cal background. 
Another exhibit fea­ tures a woman w ho cards wool from raw materials, m akes it into thread, dyes it and weaves it into* cloth. 
The final living exhibit is a woman who grinds corn with a mortar and pestle then makes corn tortillas. 
Marsha Jones’ perfor­ mances are at 11:2o a.m. and 1:5o p.m. daily Mon­ day through Friday. She also performs for civic organizations throughout the city. 
CPA exam s scheduled 

The Texas State Board of Public Accountancy w ill hold Certified Public 
Accountant examinations here Wednesday through 
Friday. 

More than 1,5oo Texans 

 w ill take the exams at tile 
San Antonio Convention 
Center on the three days of testing. 
The uniform CPA ex­ am is given on the same date and hour in each state. 

 r n 

WATCH 
FOR 
HECTOR 
RIVERA 
IN 

I TIME MAGAZINE. 

Hector F. Rivera is among the top Lincoln 
National Life agents. We’re so proud of him, vc w anted everyone to know’ what a special an d of agent he is. So, Hector is going to ippear in Time Magazine in the May 9th 

Hector is one of the best of nearly 4.ooo 
Agents w'ho have helped make Lincoln 
National Life the ten th - l a r g e s t life insurance 
Company in America. You'll find out why 
A-hen you read about him in Time. 
Hector Rivera. Time Magazine. And Lincoln 
Rational Life. We’re three names th at are iasy to remember. 

A incolnJackson' 
J2 Oberholtzer 
4115 Main Street 
-Eagle Pass. TX 78852 
251‘2> 775-2341 
□ 

LINCOLN 
NATIONAL 
LIFE 

WEHE EASY TO REMEMBER. 

WASHINGTON (A P) 
—Every Texas legislator is going to have a vote uu whatever energy legis­ lation Congress passes this year. But only a handful are going to have a real chance to influence that legislation. 
They are, in the c u r­ rent Washington jargon, the "players” in the en­ ergy game that also fea­ tures President C arter and his administration, the energy lobbyists and innum erable lesser players.* 
On the theory that you ca n 't tell the players without a program, here are profiles of the Texans who will shape the laws that will in turn shape their state’s future. 
Bentsen 
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen, 
Democrat from Houston. 
Bentsen exercises his in­ fluence from the Senate 
F inance 
C om m ittee, where he and Louisiana’s 
Sen. Russell Long form a potent duo in behalf of the producing interests. 
Bentsen’s influences on this y e a r ’s 
Senated- passed tax bill included an increase in the invest­ ment tax credit, passed over P resid en t C arter objection; and re sto ra ­ tion of the full intangible drilling cost deduction for independent oilmen. 
The urbane millionaire is careful to avoid giving anyone reason to say he’s a slave to the energy in­ terests, however. H e’s applauded the general thrust of 
P resident 
C a rter’s program . He says it w'ould be unwise for all concerned to move im m ediately to d e r ­ egulation of natural gas prices. 
B entsen’s 
F inance 
Committee role will ena­ ble him to work for the most favorable te rm s possible for oil compan­ ies when the question of how to split up the revenues from all of 
C a rte r’s energy taxes arises. 
Eckhardt 
Rep. 
Bob 
Eckhardt, 
Democrat from Houston. 
Eekhart’s position of strength stems from his m em bership on the 
Energy and Power sub­ committee of the Inter­ state and Foreign Com­ merce Committee, and from his membership on the new Ad Hoc Energy 
Committee, which will put the energy package back together after the other House committees finish working on the pieces. 
It also stems from his reputation for intel­ ligence and indepen­ dent thinking. He is one of the few Texas legisla­ tors w ith a record of op­ position to the positions favored by the energy in­ dustry. “ If he cam e around to the open mar- 

Bentsen's Finance Committee role will enable him to work fo r the most favorable terms possible fo r oil com­ panies when the question o f how to split up th e revenue fro m a ll o f 
Carter's energy taxes arises 

REP. JIM WRIGHT 
. . . majority leader 
REP. BOB KRUEGER 
. . . he’s mad now 

REP. CHARLES WILSON 
. . . surprise choice 

 ket idea (deregulation), it would give our side tremendous credibility," says Rep. Jam es Collins of Dallas. 
But Eckhardt is a firm believer that government must play an active role in determining prices for all forms of energy to in­ sure that it is used pro­ perly. 
Krueger 
Rep. Bob K rueger, 
Democrat from 
New 
Braunfels, lost out in the political infighting for seats on the Ad Hoc 
Energy Committee, but he is still a m em ber of the Energy and Power 
Subcom m ittee of 
Interstate and Foreign 
Commerce. 

Moreover, “ he’s mad now, and he’s going to fight twice as hard,” said one colleague who felt 
Krueger’s exclusion was a long-range mistake for the Carter forces. 

Krueger, who has his eye on a 1978 Senate race, has made deregulation of natural gas prices a cru­ sade since being elected to Congress in 1974. He impressed many people last term when he came within one vote of getting the full House to go along. 

Despite the adminis­ tration's opposition this year, 
K rueger has vowed to press the fight. 
He predicts a close vote. 

Texas Gateway 
Vacations 

Special Savings on a Week in the Sun! 

B A H A M A S 
$56 + $249 = $3 o 5 * 
8 Days, 7 Nights, Air Fare,Hotel, 
Golf, Tennis and More 

A C A P U LC O 

56 + $199 = *2 5 5 * 
8 Days, 7 Nights 
Air Fare and Hotel 

JA M A IC A 

’ 5 6 + ' 2 8 9 = $3 4 5 * 

8 Days, 7 Nights 
Air Fare and Hotel 

’ To tal price per p e rs o n , d ou b le occupancy — Includes 

 special discount airline fa re to H o u s to n , w h e re y o u 'll 

 connect w ith a m o n e y -s a v in g OTC C h a rte r To u r via A ir 

Ja m a ic a , 
Texas 
In te rn a tio n a l or 
B ra n iff 
A irlin e s . 

R e s erva tio n s up to 2o d a ys b e fo re d e p . 

FOR INFORMATION, CALL 
SAFARIWORLD Adventure 
TRAVEL 

VOO N .E . LO O P 4 1 o 8 2 8 -5 6 2 9 w m ln c 

V 
P e tro le u m Center 
- 

REP. JOHN YOUNG 
. . . experience 

Wright 
Rep. 
Jim 
Wright, 
Democrat from 
Fort 
Worth. 
W rig h t’s in­ fluence stems not from a committee assignment, but from his position as majority leader. 

Wright cannot be too publically c ritic a l of 
Carters program as long as the House leadership is backing it. He has mildly objected that there seem s to be too much emphasis on con­ servation and not enough on “ increasing supply” by raising price incen­ tives. 
But Wright’s access to power is formidable. He escorted some indepen­ dent oilmen to the White 
House in March, and the result was C a rte r’s en­ dorsement of the restor­ ation of their full intan­ gible drilling cost deduc­ tion. 
Wilson 
Rep. Charles Wilson, 
Democrat from Lufkin, lf 
Krueger’s exclusion from the Ad Hoc Energy Com­ mittee as a surprise, so was Wilson’s selection. 
Sources say is was due to 
W right’s intercession with Speaker Thomas P. 
O’Neill. 
Wilson had no energy committee assignments, but he kept an interest in the field. His office staff includes a full-time en­ ergy expert, Candice 
Shy. He is a pugnacious fighter for Texas and producing interests. 
“ lf they ask our part of the country to bear the 

 entire burden, then ifs going to be war. And there'll be blood on the highway before it’s all over,” he said. 

Young 

Rep. 
John 
Young, 
Democrat from Corpus 
Christi. Young brings to tin* Ad Hoc Energy Com­ mittee IO years of exper­ ience from the Join t 
Atomic Energy Commit­ tee. He is also a propon­ ent of price deregulation, although that is not his field of expertise. 
Y oung’s m ajor role may result from his role on the Rules Committee. which will d e term in e what amendments can be voted on by the full 
House. He says he’s de­ termined that all major views have a chance to be voted on, including der­ egulation. 

Others 

Reps. William Archer and 
James 
Collins, 
Republicans from Hous­ ton and Dallas. Repub­ licans are outnumbered two-to-one, or else 
Archer and Collins would have more potential in­ fluence. Both hold key committee posts and are on the Ad Hoc Energy 
Committee. 

PHOTOFINISHING 
SPECIALS 

P i4 

 c o u p o n 
- m m 
DEVELOPING 
12 Exposure 

 f t 
& 

■ x 
T C 
R O D A C O L O R §> 

'V: tv 

DEVELOPED 
AND 
PRINTED 

FOREIGN FILM EXCLUDED 
A V * 
CO URO N G O O D M AV 2 THRU M A V 7 
.ll 
2o Exposure Rolls 

 jo t Only $ 2 ®® 

KODACHROME SUPER 8 
A j a A 

X v , m u v i t - u i t c x r . 

 c i i n c e n a r D o n r r c c c n 
* 
& 

 r n n . i i . Vt / , n i )»»f x t d B f e . 

 i**eAeAe A eA eA e A r s e Ae Ae - « '^ 4 a a A 

KODACHROME SUPER 8 
OR R E G U L A R 8 M M 
MOVIE— OR ANY 2o EXP. 
SLIDE FILM PROCESSED. 

CO URO N G O O D M A V 7 THRU M A V 7 
C O U P O N G O O D A T A L L 
H E B . F O O D S T O R E S 

& f t 
Pi t v ? 

FJf 

 t 
& 
P i t J 
Pi t v 
•X tv* 
A tjy 
4 i t v * 
'Vv tv* 
•Pi t v * 

 t j y 
’VV 

G 
O 
O 
D 
R 
E A 
U 

1976 Indianapolis Winner 
Jo h nn y Rutherford 
Says: 
Be A Winner 

1522$) 

Go Goodyear’ 

• • • 

T c (» M tm 

Lube & Oil Change 

$ 5 8 8 

Up to 5 qts. of major brand 
1o/3o grade oil. 

• Com plete chassis lubn- c a tio n a n d o d c h a n g e 
• Helps ensure long w ear­ ing parts and sm ooth, quiet p e rfo rm a n c e • P le a s e p h o n e fo r a p p o in tm e n t 
• Includes light rucks 

Front-End Alignment 

C l Q 
U .S . made cars 
T V I 
, J 
| 
| n 
- parts extra 
* T B m w w lf needed 

■ 
Excludes Iront-wheel drive cars 

• C bm plete analysis and alignm ent correction - to increase tire m ileage and im prove steering • P r e c is io n e q u ip m e n t, u s e d b y e x p e r ie n c e d m echanics, helps ensure a precision alignm ent 

Engine Tune-Up 

^ 3 6 ^ ' " 
Includes parts & labor 

• O u r m echanics electronically fine­ tu n e y o u r e n g in e • N e w p o in ts , plugs an d condenser • Test c h a rg ­ ing/starting system s, adjust ca rb u­ retor • H e lp s m a in ta in a s m o o th running engine • Includes D atsun , 
To yo ta , V W and light trucks 

Air 
Conditioner 
Tune-Up 

Bleec >nd re charge sys tem with up to I -lb. of re­ frigerant. C heck a ll tin e s 
8 fittings for leaks C heck belts for w ear, adjust tor correct tension 
' 

FREE 
V-Belt 
& Hose Check 

• Inspect cooling system hoses and engine fan belts 
• Recom m end replacem ent parts (if needed) and cost 

SAVE 25% 

Goodyear Heavy Duty 
Double Action Shocks s12« 

 ea including installation 

Reg 17 5o 

• Im proves ride 8 handling • Protects suspension parts • M ost popular sizes available 

Sale En d s M ay 31 

Brokes-Your Choice 

Additional parts extra 

 if needed 
$ 4 o 8 8 

2-W heel Fron t D isc : Install new front disc brake pads 
• Repack and inspect front wheel bearings • In- s p e d calipers, hydraulic system and rotors (does not include rear w heels) 
O R 
4-W heel D ru m -type: In s ta ll n e w b ra k e linings all four wheels • R ep ack front wheel bearings • Inspect drum s and brake hydraulic system , add fluid 

E T Diamond Spoke Wheels 
*3995 rn ta<6 J 
K44495 
Elega nt, classic spoke design. U n i-Lu g T M fits m ost p o p u la r disc or d ru m b ra k e a p p lic a ­ tio n s . C h r o m e lu g s extra. 

Complete Mounting 

Service Available 

Maintenance Free... 
'PowerGard' Battery 
$4o88 
J 
Group sues 24. 
■ m w 
7 4 S U 2 2 f 

Our m ost powerful bat­ tery Never needs water 
Here s the answer to end­ ing your battery worries for years to come. 

Sale ends Wed. night 
3-DAYSALE! j 

'All-Weather' Battery 
•29“ 

Croups 24, Hi 22( 

A rugged d ep end a b le b a t te r y lo a d e d w ith q u a lity te a tu re s . D e ­ signed to give you fast, sure starts in ait xmas 
O ' weather 
Sale ends Wed night 

8 Ways To Buy 
» Cash • G o o d y e a r Revolving Charge • Am erican Exp re ss M oney C ard 

• Carte Blanche • Diners C lub 
• O u r O w n C ustom er Cred t P an 

• M aster C h arg e • BanxAm ertcard 
See The Guys j 
In The Winners Caps 

G 
O 
O 
D 
Y E A 
R 

I GOODYEAR SERVICES STORES Open Mon., Wed., Thurs., Fri. 8 to 5;3o, Tues., 9 to 5:3o; Sat. 8 to 5 
I 
D O W N T O W N 
1 
816 S St. Mary s 
Aloma o' St Mary ii 
222-1373 

NORTHSIDE 
47o2 San Pe d ro 
824^2371 

NORTHW EST 
1498 Hillcrest 
434-31o6 

PERRIN P LA ZA 

11479 Perrin-Seitel Rd 
656-3111 

EAST SIDE 
3o3o E. Commerce 
225-7266 

SOUTHSIDE 
2131 S.W. Mil. Dr. 
923-4563 

WESTSIDE 
18ll W Commerce 
225-7677 

H IG H LAN D S 
1346 Fair A v e . 
(Fair Ave at Geverst 
534-5468 

NORTHW EST 3566 

Fredericksburg Rd. 
735-6141 

D O W N T O W N 
4o1 N. Alamo 
227-7381 

NORTH STAR 
226 Rector 
344-9786 

N O R THEAST 
1315 Austin Hwy. 
824-o2o8 

We like quality beef and low prices ust like you do. That's why the dispeople offer you Steakhouse quality beef and low prices! 
I 
/ 
.rftfTSf 
■ 
..n ils * 

HARVEST 
WAFFLES 
FROZEN 

5-OZ 
PKG. 

C 

H i SPECIAL! 

GROUND 
BEEF 
Fe ta l Compare me duality! 

STEA 
HEI© SPECIAL! 

SHOULDER RRM 
STEAK 
STEAKHOUSE BEEF 
$ 

 gjjOOSE 

SPECIAL! 

JCoOUSR 

SPECIAL! 

SIRLOIN 
STEAK 
STEAKHOUSE BEEF 

CHUCK 
ROAST 

STEAKHOUSE • CENTER CUT 

J 

PARK MANOR 
MILK 

1V2% LOW FAT OR HOMOGENIZED 
$439 

GALLON 
JUG.. . 

LIMIT-2. PLEASE. ADDI S. RED. PRICE 

I Vs POUND LOAF 

LIMIT-2. PLEASE. ADDIS. REQ. PRICE. 

SCOTT TOWELS 

ASSORTED 
COLORS. 
PAPER 

SINGLE ROLL 49 

MARGARINE 
IMPERIAL. 
QUARTERS 

POUND i i i " 
CARTON m 
H.E.B. BREAD 

HIGH 
^ 
PROTEIN 

POUND 
A M 
LOAF...................... 

STKYFREE 
MAXI-PADS 
BON OF 12 c 
74 

SELSUN BLUE 
SHAMPOO 
$N|75 

4oUNCE 
BOTTLE.. 

CUBE STEAKS 
I 69 
LEAN AND 
TENDER REEF. 

POUND. 

CHUCK STEAK 
STEAKHOUSE BEEF 
89 
POUND 

ROUND STEM 
$ , 4 9 
STEAKHOUSE BEEF 
BONELESS. FULL CUT 

POUND 

S tanding R id R oast 

$ 1 1 9 
STEAKHOUSE. E-Z CARVE 
STH. 6TH. 7TH RIBS 

POUND 

FOR YOUR SHOPPING CONVENIENCE! 
OPEN EVERYDAY! 
SONDAY HOURS 

■ 1o:oo A.M. 
■ 8:oo P.M. 
^ e ve ryd ay prices are LOW prices! 

PRICES GOOD MONDAY 
MAY 2 THRU SATURDAY 
MAY 7 IN: 
SAN ANTONIO A 
UNIVERSAL CITY. 

P a g e 
I o - A 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 

M ANW THC AtfUS 
FOXCENTRA!. PARK 
IU) SWOPPING CIM 
34 ) 8783 
PAUL NEMAN IN 
“ SLAP SHOT” 
7 :4 5 -9 :5 o 

W IN N E R 
A C A D E M Y A W A R D S ! 
N E T W O R K ” 
7 :3 5 -9 :4 5 
— R 

Open Daily 
U A M 
227.528) 
ST. MARY S 
AT 
COMMERCE 

^ 
A m u 
^ f 
11.25 Till 2:oo PM 
As 
“ MYSTERIES OF 
THE GODS” 
12:35-3:45-6:5o-1o:oo (PG) 

"EVIL IN THE DEEP'* 
11:1o-2:2o-5:25-8:35 (PG) 

FREI PARKING 
WEEKDAYS FROM 
5:3o ACROSS ST. 
MAMO BANK 
GARAGE 
AU DAY 
SAT./SUN. rr 
A ZTE C A 
SI-25 Till 2 oo P M. 
“IT’S ALIVE” 
11:1o-1:oo-2:45-4:35 
6:2o-8:1o-1o:oo (PG) 

A 
AZTEC-3 
*1.25 TILl 2:oo P. 
“ ASSAULT ON 
PARADISE” 
12:3o-3:45-7:oo-1o 
"GREAT TEXAS 
DYN AM ITE CHASE” 
11:oo-2: S 5-5:3o-8:5o 

 exclusive!' 
X 

MON./FRI. 
5:3o-7:45 
1o:oo P M 

ACADEM Y AW ARD W INNER 

I n u I Lf VI L U l 
I 
O C 

NO BARGAIN MAT. OR PASSES 
(NEW LAUREL) 
V 231Q SAN PEDRO • 736-4551 S 

SAT./SUN. 
12:4o-3:oo 
5:2o 7 4o 
1o:oo P M. 

T i k i 

CONTINUOUS SHOWS l l A M OAItr' 
Theatres 
OR HAN ANTONIO 
I show rn 
THi SWIST HU Hew UHCUT AMIT SUMS X HHT es 

H 
U 
I H 
U 
I E l I O 
M 
I H I N * 
C H W W W IN 
I 
______ iii;;;; 
« T T T a k 41,, H 
“ I 9}TpI^oL*V P^ 
6(4ij7j 
JJ* W 
Im 
' I /“ii J i 
11:oo-12:25-1:55-3:2o- 
11:o©-l 2:25-1:5o-3:15* 
5 5o 6:2o-7:45-9:15 
4:45-6:15-7:45-9:15 
THE MOST 
SENSUOUS FILM 
I HAVE EVER 
SEEN! 

(X) 

/ 
) 

A * / 

“SHOULD’ 
11:o5 2:oo 4:5o 
7:4o 1o:3o 
“UNDERAGE”!*, i AU NEW FIRST RUN IN SAN ANTONIO 
THEY TURNED THE i 
NETWORK ON!!! 

PLUS 
“ SHOULD 
’ Jooo 
SCHQOt 
L U 
GIRLS 
4 GOT IO 
TELL” 

«»> cr 

 fSheba’—an intense, intelligent production 

By RON WHITE 

She moves th ro u g h her w o rn , messy house lik e a ghost. She is a d u m py, m id d le -a g e d s p ir it , ha unting her own life and the lives of others. 
There is h a rd ly a n yth ­ in g we would u su a lly call su b s ta n tia l about L u la , the sad housewife of W il­ lia m Inge's play “ Come 
B ack, L ittle Sheba.” 
As played by A m y Le 
P re sto and d ire c te d by 
J e rry Pollock at T hea ter 
San A ntonio, Lola is a construct of her past m o­ m ents o f happiness and of the v ita lity she can fin d by spying on the love life of the young college coed who lives w ith Lola and h e r a lc o h o lic h u s ­ band. 
B ut out of these flee t­ in g g h o s ts Le P re s to c re a te s a m e m o ra b le c h a ra c te r, and o u t o f 
In g e’s play P ollock has 

 fashioned a m em o ra b le p ro d u c tio n , one th a t g ra b s th e v ie w e r and squeezes out every drop o f fe e lin g he has fo r wasted lives. 
Foolish 
Lo la and her husband 
Doc (A l K e lle r) are two residents of m ise ry in the 
194os, liv in g in a d ra b home designed by W ayne 
K. E lkin s. Doc is a c h ir­ o p ra c to r, a com e -do w n fro m his o rig in a l plans to be a ph ysician, plans that w ere in te rru p te d by Lo­ la ’s pregnancy when they w ere yo u n g and a little foolish. 
Now they are older but only a little less foolish. 
E very m o rn in g Doc says a pra yer to help h im stay o ff the bottle. (H e’s been sober a y e a r). 
L o la sp e n d s h e r day try in g to w ra n g le som e com p an ionship fro m the m ilk m a n , the m a ilm a n , 

7 :3 o -9 :o 5 (PG) 
“EVIL IN THE DEEP” 

- 
Pi! no ‘ “ 
; 
Urn 
* 

412o Hrt(» Ptrrin 
656-3454 

7 :1 o - 9 :o o (R) 
“DEATH MACHINES” 

— NOW PLAYING— 
UA MOVIES 4 
1:3 Q -3:3o «5:3o -7:3o -9:3o 

UA CINE CINCO 
I ;3 o -3 :3 o -5 :3 o -7 :3o -9:3o 
FOX CENTRAL PARK 
7:4 5 -9 :3 o 

WHO IS 
THE LITTLE GIRL 
WHO LIVES 
DOWN THE LANE? 

EVERYONE 
WHO KNOWS 
IS DEAD. 

A The 
Km%- L ittle 

AN AMERICAN INTERNATIONA: RELEASE 
JODIE FOSTER MARTIN SHEEN ALEXIS SMITH 
- 
MORT SHUMAN SCOTT JACOBY 
____ 
"THE LITTLE GIRL WHO LIVES OOWN THE LANE” [PGJ 

 from anyone who passes th ro u g h h e r life . E ach n ig h t she stan ds on the porch and c a lls fo r She­ ba, her little dog tha t has va n is h e d lik e h e r pa st happiness. 
H er pregnanacy so long ago was a m is c a rria g e , and the couple »s c h ild ­ le ss. 
T h e ir b o a rd e r, 
M a rie (L o is F o rd W ith ­ erspoon), is not a su b sti­ tute c h ild . Doc is in love w ith her as o n ly an un ­ happy, m iddle-aged man can be. A n d fo r L o la , 
M a rie is a h a p p y r e ­ m in d e r of the tim e when she too w as y o u n g and p re tty and in love. 
Trapped 
This p la y defies easily defined standards of con­ f lic t , d e v e lo p m e n t and re s o lu tio n . D oc’s re tu rn lo d rin k in g a fte r he d is ­ covers M a rie has a lover is not so m uch a p a rt of the p la y’s progression as it is a p a rt of the cycle of m is e ry in D oc’s and Lo­ la ’ s liv e s . N e ith e r of them a re able to accept 
D o c ’ s o w n a d v ic e th a t they forge t the past. They are trapped by it. 
T h e la c k o f c o n v e n ­ tio n a l p lo t d e ve lo p m e n t p u ts th e e m p h a s is on c h a ra c te r and on tone, both of w hieh are form ed into a fin e precision by th e p e r fo r m e r s u n d e r 
P o llo ck’s d irectio n. 
Le P re s to c re a te s a fa s c in a tin g and s y m ­ p a th e tic L o la . She can m ake the sam e ch a ra cte r b e lie v a b ly a v a c a n t­ headed housewife, a gig- 

 mmimnumim 
B 
S 
S 
M 
EVERT D A Y'TR 1.3o P.M.-S1.5o 

George C. Scott 

A Ffonhlm J V ho Hoe* Film blonds in the Stream 
1:3o-3.35-5:4o (PG) 
7:45-9:5o 

EXCLUSIVE 

B 
K 
51.oo AU (.HOWS AT AU TIMES 

JMCKEI.QDKQtj 
(ROI 

1:oo-5:3o-9:4o 

THE WAY 3:1o 
(RO! WE WERE 7:3o 

ROBERT DUVALL. 
THE SEVEN-PER- 
CENT SOLUTION 
1:1o-3:2o-5:3o 
7:4o-9:5o i i 

I ^ J J j N O J O R R A R y j A i ^ ^ 
M 5 -4 -2 S d 
12: JO.? 4o f j 2 j j y j £ A R i y 4 A l ^ ™ 
1:5o-4:25 
| ti WIWIS P H *! 
4 iv,2o i I k M H H M t™;” I 
I 
*«>«« 
I 
<r) 
o w«x 
o 

J “BLACK SUNDAY’^ | S L A P ^ S i j O T \ 
“A STAR is BORN”*) 

WIROROR PARK M A U 
, .» , 
WHtOROH RARK M A L I 
I . 
ROUTH KARK M A U 
I ...... j 
$i 
13*1 a i t 
DICK & JANE" J t 
WINDSOR PASK MALL 
I i o 
o 
o 
Is 

GIORGI SIGA! • JANE FONDE 
‘FUN WITH 

W IL L IA M S M A T H E R S (G) 

T O D A Y A I 
S A N T IS O ! 
T H E A T R E S 

I BARGAIN MATINEE DAIEY FOR THEATRE 
I CAPACITY FOR FIRST PERFORMANCE 
I ONLY AT STARRED ( + ) THEATRES. 

N O R TH W EST m !••« UM* *>•«*(■ 
SIX 
Mf 4214 
“ VOYAGE OF THE 
* 
DA M N ED ’* 
FAYE DUNAWAY 
1:2o-4:15-7:1o-1o:o5 (PG) 

" “ MYSTERIES OF 
★ 
THE GODS” (G) 
WILLIAM SHATNEY 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

“ NASTY HABITS” PG) 
GLENDA JACKSON » MEUNA MERCOURI 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

“ IT’S ALIVE’’ (PG) 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

“ AIRPORT ’7 7 ” 
JACK LEMMON • LEE GRANT 
12:4o-3:oo-5:2o-7:4o-1o:oo 
NO BARGAIN MATINEE (PQ) 

“ THE SLIPPER AND 
THE ROSE” 
SCHAID CHAMIflLAiN • GUANA CRAVIN 
NO BAR. MAT. NO PASSES 
11:5o-2:2o-4:5o-7:2o-9:5o (PG) mmm 
- * ' 

CENTURY SOUTH 8 
I * Ute Bl « M IS W 
914-451) 
“ ISLANDS IN THE 
Ar 
STREAM” 
GEORGE C. SCOTT 
1:15-3:25-5:35-7:45-9:55 (PG> 
, 
“ LORDS OFTHE 
FLATBUSH” (PG) 
SYLVESTER STALLONE 3:oo-6:35-1o:1o 
“ D R IVI-IN” 
1:oo-4:35-8:1o (PG) 

“ MYSTERIES OF 
THE GODS” 
WILLIAM SHATNER 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo (G) 

* “ IT’S ALIVE” (PG) 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

“ AIRPORT *77” (PG) 
JACK LEMMON • LEE GRANT 
12:4o-3:oo-5:2o-7:4o-1o OO 
NO BARGAIN MATINEE 

“ BLACK SUNDAY” 
ROBERT SHAW • BRUCE DERN 
11:45-2:2o-4:55-7:3o-1o:o5 (R) 
NO BAR. MAI. 
KPN 

 coLQ fyies n o r t h 
W* *fi «♦ Wu'iM(K Ib»» 
WTI 
WALT DISNEY'S 
“ FREAKY FRIDAY” 
6:3o-1o:45 (G) 
(tiGUS” 8:15 (G) 

WOODLAWN I K. II 
“ LORDS OF THE 
FLATBUSH” 
12:oo-3:3o-7:oo-1o:3o 
“ DRIVE-IN 
-1o:3o (PG) 
-IN ” 
1:45-5:15*7:45 (PG) 

U N I V E R S A L . 
'•>5 
( M b ' I m t it M JI 
“ MYSTERIES OF 
TKC GODS - 
■i13 ifcfcfrifl 

V 

TEXAS till Hmm- 
IV till 
“ HOUSE OF 
EXORCISM” (R) 
TELLY SAVAL AS 1:45-5:15-8:45 
“ DUEL IN THE 
TIGER S D IN ” 
12:oo-3:3o-7:oo-1o:3o (R) J 

E W ERTABNHRBWff KNPER THE STARS ★'ilk"*’Ar 

SAM PEDRO turn icum sd(Boat 
U* ••*■« MliOdili 
44* 5414 
“ LORDS OF THE 
FLATBUSH” 
SYLVESTER STALLONE • HENRY WINKLER 
8:4o-12:1o (R) 
“ DRIVE-IN” 
1o:25 (PG) 

V 

“ MYSTERIES OF 
THE GO DS” (pgi 
WILHAM SHATNER *8:4o-11:45 
“ EVIL IN THE 
DEEP” 1o:25 (PG) 
STEPHEN BOYD • ROSEY GRIER 

“ IT’S ALIVE” 
8:4o-12:1o (R) 
“ HOUSE THAT 
VANISHED” ,o:3o (R) 

MISSION 
'WM OUT*** 1*4141* rte IM****i* su mr 
“ MYSTERIES OF 
THE GODS” (G) 
WILHAM SHATNER • 1:4o-11:45 
“ EVIL IN THE 
DEEP” 
STEPHEN BOYD 1o:25 (PG) 
“ LORDS OF 
FLATBUSH” (PG) 
SYLVESTER STALLONE • 8:4o-12:oo 
“ DRIVE-IN” ic 25 (PG) 

TOWN TW IN out ooot inurn 
Ow Xx* et WW WkfH $ I AIA H> 427* 
“ MYSTERIES OF THE 
GODS” 
WILLIAM SHATNER • 8:4o-11:45 (G) 
“ EVIL IN THE DEEP” 
1o:25 (R) 

 mn 

FRED. RD. otntoot '—4m 
>•«# it it .*!.« 4)? rn tm 
“ ASSAULT ON PARADIS!” 
OLIVER REED • 8 4o 12 o5(PG) 
“GREAT TEXAS DYNAMITE 
CHASE” 
1o:35 (I) 

“ LORDS OF THE 
FLATBUSH” 
HENRY WINKLER • 8:4o-12 oo (R) 
‘DRIVE-IN” 1o:25 (PG) 

TRAIL 
<5o)4oo4 'MIW ll Mil 4- 
*1* 4444 
“ IT’S ALIVE” 
8:4o-12-1o (R) 
HOUSE THAT VANISHED 
1o:3o (R) 

VARSITY 
DUTMX* <»4»H 
HOI i,*t> i 
TM 44S> 
“ IT’S ALIVE” 
8:4o-12:1o (R) 
HOUSE THAT VANISHED” 
1o:3o (!) 
A 

VALLEY HI 
OU) 4oo1 <444(1* 
DI I IM'« 4*o I* 
*14 IJJ! 
WALT DISNEY'S 
“ FREAKY FRIDAY* 
JODIE FOSTER 8:4o-12:1o (G) 
“ GUS” 1o:35 (G) 

LACKLAND 
oUT4oC9 'HU'tt 
J KSW-*-' 
414419! 
ABDUCTED BRIDE 
8:4o (X, 
CELESTINE” 1o:3o () 
“ KEYS” ,2:oo J£L 

 g lin g young wom an and a frig h te n e d ch ild pleading w ith he r u n s y m p a th e tic m o th e r fo r help. And yet she m akes the d iffe re n t facets of L o la ’s ch a ra cte r a s in g le person. In a l i ­ m ite d tim e span w e ’ re shown the range of Lo­ la ’s life. 
K e lle r’s Doc is q u ie tly underplayed so th a t when 
Doc is fin a lly c a rrie d o ff scre a m in g to d ry out in the c ity ho spita l, h is an­ g u is h is p o w e rfu l b u t n e v e r m e lo d ra m a tic . 
K e lle r is co n stantly sug­ gesting th in g s about Doc w ith o u t fo r c in g th a t k n o w le d g e on th e a u ­ dience. 
Contrast 
A nd 
W ith e rs p o o n creates a like a b le , happy contra st to Doc and Lola in her M arie. It is a role w ith o u t the d ra s tic ups an d d o w n s o f Doc and 
Lo la , bu t W itherspoon is a b le to h o ld th e s ta n d com m a nd ing ly. 
F’ o llo c k ’ s d ir e c tio n sho w s on ce a g a in th a t w hen he is good, he is very, ve ry good. P ollock doesn’t re ly on the w ords o f the s c rip t to te ll the story. He is able to use both action and silences e ffective ly. 
A fte r Doc is d ra g g e d fro m the house — a scene fu ll o f violence and noise 
— P ollo ck allow s Lola to stand s ile n tly a t the door fo r a lo n g m o m e n t th a t te lls m ore of her sense of d e fe a t th a n a n y w o rd s could. 
It takes courage and talent to blend w ords, action and silence as w ell as Pollock does in “ She­ b a .” 
And it pays off. 
“ Sheba” is a stage p ro ­ d u ctio n of in te n s ity and in te llig e n ce tha t is ra re . 
It is one o f the .reasons theater exists. 

W O NDER 
MmWAimI 
(iii IJJ IU! 

Ll BLACK 
SUNDAY” 

ROBERT SHAW 

( R ) 

6:55-9:3o 
L 

WONDER 2 

A Haunting 
Vision of 
Reincarnation 
“ A udrey 
Rose” 
(PG) 
7 :4 5 -9 :5 o 

BROADWAY ma broadway it* jail 

JACK LEMMON 

“ AIRPORT 

1 9 7 7 ” 

(PG) 

7 :3 o -9 :4 o 

 mmmm 

THEATER San Antonio's production of “ Come Back, Little 
Sheba" stars Am y Le Presto and Al K eller as an un­ happy, m iddle-aged couple. 
SW Craft Center registration Monday 

T h e S o u th w e s t C ra ft 
C enter opens re g istra tio n fo r s u m m e r c o u rs e s 
Monday. 
T h e c o u rs e s w ill in ­ clu d e day and evening sessions fo r b e g in n e rs and advanced students in 
JO c ra ft areas plus four special courses fo r c h il­ dren. 
C o urse s w ill in c lu d e d ra w in g , p a in tin g , w a ­ te r c o lo r , fa b r ic w o rk , c a llig r a p h y , p r in tm a k ­ ing, scu lp tu re , ceram ics, ra ku , m etal w o rk, photo­ g ra p h y , s ilk -s c re e n in g , stained glass, fu rn itu re d e s ig n , g la s s b lo w in g , g u ita r, and cuisine. 
A d u lt classes w ill be h e ld a t v a rio u s tim e s fro m J u n e 
I th ro u g h 
Aug. 27. C h ild re n ’s p ro ­ gra m s w ill run June 6 to 
J u ly 22 w ith th re e tw o- week sessions. 

Fewer trawlers off U.S. coasts 
W ASH IN G TO N - The 
C o m m erce D e p a rtm e n t said th a t s u b s ta n tia lly fe w e r fo re ig n fis h in g tra w le rs w e re seen o ff the coasts of the U nited 
States th is M arch co m ­ pared to a yea r ago. 

F o r in fo rm a tio n , re g is ­ tra tio n or a free copy of the new' sum m e r semes­ 

 te r b ro chu re, telephone the ce n te r’s re g is tra r at 
224-1848. jfwhen only 
^ the very best will do 

FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON.-TUES. 
EVENING 

TROUT AM A N D IN E 
• 
RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 
RIB EYE 

FILET 

RESTAURANT & BAR 

512/826-2371 
1o39 N.E. LOOP 41o 

BANQUET ond 

PARTY FACILITIES 
6 - 16o 

MARGAR1TAS 
$ 1 . o o 

ALL ENTREES 
INCLUDE: SALAD. 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 

LUNCH ll:3 oA .M . 
DINNER 5.oo P.M. 

Don’t Spend A nother Evening A lone! 

| C FRED 
LESSONS FOR 

“WHY ARE YOU MAKING THIS UNUSUAL OFFER?” 
Because we want you to see for yourself how can learn to become a quickly and easily you good dancer” 
HELD OVER! 
“ I DON’T BELIEVE IT . . . THERE’S _________________________________ 
SOME OTHER REASON?” 
“ MAYBE I’M TOO OLD!” 
"Well, now that you men!,on it, (here is. Our Thot’s what* so wonderful about dancing hope .5 that mony of the persons who enroll on You re nevef too old We do hove m a h.s special program will hove sa much fun and students ^ the (arger majority of ouf sJ deJ learn so easily and so quickly that they will wont are in thejr mjdd,e years ond even SQme bey£)nd 
Besides, dancing helps keep one looking and feeling younger " to tell their friends about us and perhaps take a lesson or two more themselves. But no one is obligated to go any farther than his $5.oo 
Course." 

“ YOU’VE GOT TO BE KIDDING! 
WHAT CAN I LEARN AT M Y 
AGE?” 
Any of the popular dances of your choice — 
Fox Trot, Waltz, Rhumba, Push, Cha-Cha, Tango, 
Merengue, Samba — even the Discotheque.” 

WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?” 
"Just coll 736-1881 NOW and make an ap­ pointment. Were Open Mon.-Fri. IO A M.-IO 
P.M. 

Inquire about our O ver 4 o Club 

*Dcutcz Stadia 
3947 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

7 3 6 - 1 8 8 1 
Limited to I Bt 25 Now Student* 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 
T onight 

GUIDO AJMONE MARSAN 
Guest Conductor 

Beethoven 
Stravinsky 
Schumann 

Leon ore Overture 
Firebird Suite 
Symphony No. 2 in C Major 

7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

M ay 7/9 
MAUREEN FORRESTER contralto 
FRANCOIS HUYBRECHTS guest conductor 

!♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ 91 
M ay 14/16 
BRYON JANIS, piano 
Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

A FEAST 
ONLY A MOTHER 
(and all her brood) 
COULD LOVE! 

The St. Anthony's Mother's Day feast has been a San Antonio tradition for years. We pull out all the stops to make this meal special for everyone in the fam ily... from the grandkids all the way up. This year, give Mother a break. What a great way to say, 
“ I love you.” 

Please call for reservations early 

3oo E Travis 
San Antonio. Texas 782o5 
(512) 227-4392 

Expre*a-News Want Ads 225-1666 

Conductor gets high acclaim 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy May 2 I 977 
H 
Page TI -A 

By JAMES CONELY f t 
Performing Arts did not have a play Saturday evening, but there was plenty of drama just the same. 
As guest conductor of the San Antonio Sym­ phony, Guido Ajmone- 
Marsan led the orchestra with energy and pre­ cision. 
The program offered 
Beethoven’s “ Leonore” overture, Stravinsky’s 
‘‘Firebird” suite, and 
Schumann's 
Second 
Symphony. 
Making full use of his long arms, Ajmone-Mar- san maintained wry strict beats and sweeping crescendos. 
He especially made the most of swells and ac­ cents to bring out power and color from these three major works. The performance was rhyth­ mically secure and very expressive. 
While he appeared to be a very mechanical 

Review 

 conductor as the concert began, by the end of the 
Beethoven he showed himself to be in full command of both the or­ chestra and the music. 
Frenetic 
The drama caused tempos to be a bit frenetic at the end of the 
“ Firebird” suite, but otherwise the music was controlled and appro­ priately phrased. 
The Schumann sym­ phony was especially well interpreted, parti­ cularly the tw'o middle movements. 

The “ Scherzo” spar­ kled with its very fast tempo, and the “ Adagio espressivo” brought out the full lyricism of Schu­ mann’s music. 
With all this drama, one wonders how well 
Ajmone-Marsan handles other musical styles. 
He displayed sound musical understanding in this program, and it would be nice to hear how versatile his repertoire may actually be. 
In any case, he is a fine young conductor of con­ siderable ability. 
The program will be repeated at 7:3o p.m. 
Monday at Laurie Audi­ torium at Trinity Uni­ versity. 

Hundreds of nuclear protesters arrested 

GOV. MELDRIM THOMSON of New 
Hampshire talks to demonstrators 

The Weather 

SAN A N T O N IO A N O V IC IN I­ 
T Y — Portly cloudy with worm afternoons and m ild nights Mon day through Tueadav. Southeas­ terly winds at 6 to 15 mph Mon­ day 
High tem perature M onday in low 8os. Low te m p e ra tu re 

M on d ay in m id 6os. High tem- oeraurfure Tuesday in low 8os. 
Low te m p e ra tu re T u e sd a y in mid-6os. Sun rises at 6:51 a.rn, and sets a1 8:11. The moon Is in the first qu arter. Rises ai 7:33 p :m. M onday and sets at 6:o9 

W a r m 

Snow 
13223 
Flurries 

 f x X X X 

R a i n 

Showers mm 

St all o nor y O c c l u d e d 

. i g u r e s s h o w 

 h i g h 

 t e m p e r a t u r e s 

N A T I O N A L W E A T H E R S E R V I C E 

N O A A U s D e p t of C o m m e r c e 
Rains fall in Texas 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Rain clouds covered much of the eastern third of Texas Sunday while severe thunderstorms popped up in parts of the 
Texas Panhandle. 
The heaviest rains oc­ curred near Beaumont with the Jefferson County 
Airport recording 2.61 inches of rain in a three-hour period Sunday morning. 
Several cities in North­ 

 east Texas reported rain measuring about half an inch Sunday. 

A thunderstorm in the 
Panhandle caused the 
National Weather Service to issue a tornado watch for parts of Sherman and 
Hansford counties for 
Sunday afternoon. 
The weather service said moisture was still being brought into the state Sunday afternoon from the Gulf of Mexico. 

Winds across the state were variable al speeds up to IO miles an hour. 
Temperatures were largely in the 7os with El 
Paso and 
Houston reporting readings in the low 8os. 
The forecast called for partly cloudy to cloudy skies with a chance of showers or thunder­ showers on Monday. 
Skies in Far West Texas are expected to be clear. 

Fast friendly service., .from a waitress who knows you have a limited time for lunch. 
Variety.. . from a menu with over 14o items to choose from. Hamburgers, 
Sandwiches,Salads, Luncheon PJates, 
Pancakes,Omelettes, and much more. 
Plus out to lunch bunch specials only $1.69 

Join our out tolunch bunch club Buy 9 lunches. 
Get the 1oth Lunch Free! Buy nine lunches ($.99 minimum) and get the tenth lunch (not to exceed $2.5o, over $2.5o you pay the difference) on us! 
Lim it one number punchedhper day per customer. Offer good only at participatingHHOP restaurants. * 

7327 Sail Pedro Avenue 
1227 N.E. Loop J IO 

Offer good 11 am. to 3 p.m. 
The International 
House of Pancakes 

 a.m . tuesday. 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 63 per cent as of 6 o rn. Sunday. 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l ra in fa ll for the 24-hour period ending at 7 p.m. Sunday, trace; fo r the m onth, tra c e ; tor the ye ar, 13.74 inches. Accum ulated deoarture from norm al tor the month, minus .o9 of an inch; for the year, plus 5.85 Inches. 
N O R T H 
T E X A S 
- 
P o r t ly clo u d y w ith w a rm a fte rn o o n s and mild nights Monday through 
Thuesdav. Fa ir lo partly cloudy w ith p o s s ib le th u n d e rs to rm s 
M o n d a y an d T u e s d a y In the central and west sections. 
S O U T H 
T E X A S 
- 
E a r l y m o rn in g clo u d in e se to p o rtly c lo u d y a fte r n o o n s 
M o n d a y th ro u g h 
T u e s d a y . 
A s lig h t c h a n c e of a fte rn o o n th u n d e r­ showers in cost section. 
W E S T T E X A S - P a rtly cloudy with w arm afternoons and mild nights through Tu esd ay. Scot 
♦ered th u n d e rs to rm s in m ost s e c tio n s M o n d a y n ig h t a n d 
Tuesday. 
N A T IO N A L — M ostly sunny in the upper G reat Lakes and up­ per M ississippi V alle y into the e a s te rn D a k o ta s, in m u ch of 
Florid a and from the southern 
Rockies through Southern C a li­ fornia. Scattered show ers and thu nd erstorm s a re lik ely o ver the rem ainder of the nation, lf will be cooler in the upper G reat 
L a k e s and upper M is s is s ip p i 
V a lle y regions and cool In the intermountain and the northern and central Rocky Mountain re­ gions. E ls e w h e re , se a so n a b ly m ild tem peratures will continue. 
M A R IN E 
W IN D S 
- 
W in d s e a s t to southeast at 12 to 17 mph M on­ day and M onday night. Seas 3 to 
5 feet. 
T ID E S — 
P o rt A ra n s a s for 
Tu esd ay: High tides will be at 
4 25 a.rn. and ?:o1 p.m . Low fides w ill be at 9:52 a.m . and 
9.29 p rn 
P o rt Isabel for T u e s­ d a y ; High tides w ill be at 5:24 a m. and 3 p m Low fides will be at 1o:41 a rn and 1o:18 p m 

SAN ANTO NIO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
1977 
1976 
Ave. 
Rec. 
JO n 
3 IO 
o.56 
1.76 
8.32 
F et) 
o.9! 
o.13 
1.65 
7.83 
M ar 
o.88 
1.2o 
1.67 
4.19 
Apr 
8.85 
8.41 
2.28 
11.64 
//'av 
T. 
5.8o 
3.45 
14.o7 
1976 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Jun. 
1.6! 
4.6o 
295 
Ii, 44 
Ju iv 
5.39 
o.44 
1.69 
8.18 
A uq 
2.o9 
1.22 
2.36 
11.14 
Seal. 3.79 
o.51 
4.59 
1578 o<» 
8.48 
2.25 
2.3o 
9.56 
Nov. 
2.46 
o.o3 
1.37 
6,79 
Dec 
1.95 
1.48 
1.75 
6.22 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, 18 degrees at Houlton, 
Maine. 
H igh est, 95 degrees at C a r ls ­ bad, N M and Coolidge, Ari*. 

F O R E IG N 
Based on observations ta*en at 
6 a rn Sunday San Antonio time 
Tem peratures are in Fahrenheit 
(left) and Centigrade.) 

City 
................ 
Cent. 

Aberdeen 
52 ll 
Am sterdam 
43 
o9 
A nkara 
- - 
Antigua 
73 
23 
Athens 
77 
25 
Auckland 
48 
o9 
Berlin 
54 
12 
Beirut 
75 
24 
Birm ingham 
54 
I? 
Bonn 
48 
93 
Brussels 
48 
o9 
Cairo 
79 
26 
Casablanca 
66 
19 
Copenhagen 
52 ll 
Dublin 
48 
o9 
Geneva 
46 
o8 
Hong Kong 
77 
25 
Lisbon 
61 
16 
London 
SS 
13 
M adrid 
61 
16 
M alta 
68 
2o 
M anila 
3o 
3o 
Mosc ow 
79 
76 
New Delhi 
88 
31 
Nice 
59 
15 
Oslo 
57 
14 
P a ris 
55 
13 
Peking 
63 
17 
Rome 
7? 
22 
Saigon 
84 
29 
Seoul 
54 
12 
Sofia 
75 
24 
Stockholm 
61 
16 
Sydney 
57 
11 
Taipei 
77 
25 
Teheran 
77 
25 le i A viv 
79 
26 
Tokyo 
64 
18 
Tunis 
68 
2o 
Vienna 
73 
23 
W arsaw 
SO UTH A M E R IC A 
79 
26 

Asuncion 
7? 
22 
Buenos Aires 
52 
11 
Lim a 
63 
76 
Montevideo 
59159 
Rio De Ja n e iro 
77 
25 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecost 

City 
Tem porfure 

Mon. 
Tue. 

Am arillo 
55 77 
55-77 
Portly cloudy, mild 
Austin 
65 82 65-82 
P a rtly cloudy, mild 
Lared o 
65-85 
65-87 
P o rtly cloudy, mild 
Corpus Christi 
67-85 
67-85 
Cloudy, mild 
V ictoria 
67-85 6/ 85 
Cloudy, mild 
Dallos Fort Worth 
62 85 
62 85 
P a rtly cloudy, mild 
M cAllen-Brownsville 72 87 
72-8$ 
P a rtly cloudy, mild 
Houston 
65-85 
65 82 
P a rtly cloudy, mild 

G R E A T E R SAN AN TO N IO 
San Antonio 
59 
81 
T 
SO U TH T E X A S 
Austin 
6o 
81 
OO 
Beeville 
64 
86 
OO 
Brow nsville 
7o 
87 
o2 
Corpus Christi 67 
78 
oo 
Colona 
62 
85 
oo 
Del Rio 
61 
78 
OO 
Junction 
54 
89 
OO 
Kingsville 
62 
82 
OO 
Victoria 
59 
T E X A S 
83 
OO 

Abilene 
59 
82 
OO 
Alpine 
58 
88 
OO 
Am arillo 
57 
8? 
OO 
Dallas 
65 
81 
OO 
E l Paso 
62 
9o 
OO 
Fort Worth 
66 
85 
OO 
Houston 
65 
83 
o6 
Lubbock 
58 
84 
OO 
Lufkin 
66 
76 
57 
San Angelo 
59 
85 
OO 
W aco 
62 
84 
OO 
S O U T H W E S T 
Denver 
48 
7o 
OO 
Honolulu 
7o 
83 
OO 

Los Angeles 
57 
7o 
OS 
Las Vegas 
67 
8o 
OO 
Phoenix 
69 
93 
OO 
Salt Lake City 54 
68 
o3 
San Diego 
59 
69 
OI 
SO UTH C E N T R A L 
Kansos City 
59 
69 
OI 
Louisville 
56 
81 
OO 
Memphis 
63 
84 
OO 
Oklahoma Cltv62 
75 ti 
St Louis 
58 
7? 
21 
Wichita 
67 
78 
oo 
S O U T H E A S T 
Atlanta 
58 
75 
o5 
Birm ingham 
63 
8? 
OO 
Charleston 
54 
79 
45 
Jackson ville 
6o 
82 
OO 
New O rleans 
69 
RI 
o4 
Raleigh 
49 
75 
OO 
Richmond 
43 
8o 
oo 
Tampa 
59 
8/ 
OO 
N O R T H W E S T 
Bism arck 
42 
6o 
OO 
Boise 
46 
69 
o3 
Casper 
5o 
65 
OI 
Helena 
41 
72 
OO 
Portland, Ore. 
43 
64 
OO 
Rapid City 
48 
63 
OO 
San Francisco 
55 
63 
o? 
Seattle 
53 
63 
OO 
Spokane 
52 
81 
OO 
N O RTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
56 
78 
OI 
Detroit 
37 
78 
OO 
Duluth 
55 
62 
o3 indianapolis 
54 
7a 
o2 
Milwaukee 
43 
78 
o6 
Minn-St Pau l 
47 
71 
OO 
Omaha 
58 
8o 
OO 
Sit Ste. M arie 
4) 
71 ii 
N O R T H EA S T 
Boston 
47 
74 
OO 
Buffalo 
15 
74 
OO 
Cleveland 
4t 
76 
OO 
Columbus 
39 
78 
OO 
New York City 
5o 
74 
OO 
Philadelphia 
18 
77 
OO 
Pittsburgh 
35 
75 
OO 
Portland, M e 
32 
61 
OO 
Washington 
5o 
77 
OO 

M E X IC O 
(M e x ic a n te m p e ra tu re s ap p e ar in both F a h re n h e it and 
Centigrade or 
Celsius Fah ren ­ heit is listed firs t in each co­ lumn.) 
A ca p u lc o . 
72/22 
9o 3? 
G u a d a la ja ra 
52/1) 
88 31 
M azotlon..................61/16 
85/29 
Mexico C ity ........... 54/12 
75/24 
M on terrey................68/2o 
86/3o 

SEABROOK, 
N U . 
(AP) — Police arrested and jailed hundreds of demonstrators on tre­ spass charges Sunday after they refused to leave the construction site of a proposed nuclear power plant on New 
Hampshire’s seacoast. 
State police, wearing normal duty uniforms, moved into a crowd es­ timated at about 2.ooo and methodically picked out demonstrators, read them their rights and guided or carried them to buses. 
The arrest procedure went on tediously and peacefully as the troopers photographed and fingerprinted each demonstrator, some of whom fell limp as police approached. 
A Hampton District 
Court official said that more than 75o demon- startors had been processed five hours after the arrests began. 
Armory 
The men and women were taken IO miles to the Portsmouth Armory where they were ar­ raigned in groups of about a dozen before two judges. 
Some of the early 

P o st O ffice sets e xa m s 

Applications for exa­ minations for Postal Ser­ vice custodial workers will be accepted begin­ ning Monday, Postmas­ ter John .Saldana has an­ nounced. 
The examinations will be for cleaner, custodian and custodial laborer po­ sitions. Applications will be accepted Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. 
Starting salary for the posit ions varies between 
$1o,819 to $11,691 per year. Applications and further information may he obtained in the Main 
Post Office lobby, 615 E. 
Houston St. 

Demonstrators refuse to leave con­ struction site o f proposed nuclear power plant in S e w Hampshire 

 groups were given op­ portunities for bail on amounts ranging from 
$1oo to $5oo. Court of­ ficials said most of those refused bail and chose jail. 
Hearings were sched­ uled for Thursday. 
The demonstrators, who arrived at the 

 construction site Satur­ day afternoon, had vowed to remain until they were arrested or until con­ struction of the power plant was halted. 
Police moved out of a 
4o-aere enclosed com­ pound Sunday afternoon after the protesters rejected a warning that 

 they leave the 7oo-acre 
Public 
Service 
Co. property. 
Cheers 

While the arrests went on, other demonstrators continued to sit in small circles, although they were free to leave. 
Each time a bus left, taking about 45 demon­ strators off the grounds, cheers went up from those remaining at tlit* campsite. 

■ SOMETHING I 
SPECIAL FOR MOM 

 s m s 

 n m 
Of onto 

A LIMITED EDITION 
GIFT, FILLED WITH 
GOOD THINGS 
TO EAT, FOR 
MOTHER S DAY. 
MAY 8th 

NORTH STAR MALL 
341-8288 

IF M O M LIV E S O U T OF TOWN, 

WE L L M A IL HER G IFT FO R YO U 

O f O R IO 

SOUTH PARK MALL 
924-333o 

T H E SUPER CHEESE M A R K E T 

F I N I S H I N G 
M e b v i c H 

 frien d ly . T jHBI 
H a n d y A n d y 

D R O P Y O U R FILM OFF 
AT O U R CONVENIENT 
PHOTO SERVICE BOOTH 
...W HILE YOU SHOP! 

★ QUALITY FINISHING 
A PROMPT SERVICE 
★ CONVENIENCE 
★ LOW PRICES 

Y O U R 
FILM 
IS 
CAREFULLY 
DEVELOPED 
WITH 
K O D A K MATERIAL TO ASSURE THE BEST R EPR O D U C­ 
TION OF THAT TREASURED M O M FN T . YOUR PICTURES 
ARE PRINTED O N K O D A K SILK FINISH, BORDERLESS 
PAPER TO GIVE BEAUTY, DEPTH, A N D ENRICHMENT TO 
THE 
C O LO R S 
. . . 
ACCENTING 
EVERY 
HIGHLIGHT. 
TRULY A REPRODUCTION THAT Y O U C A N E N JO Y A N O 
TREASURE. 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS!!! 
POLAROID 
SQUARE SHOOTER 
FILM 

N O . 8 8 — 
8 EX PO SU R ES 

POLAROID 
SS IM i i T U S S A l f E P 
ITI I IVW I BITI AA Im B K 
CAMERA 

PACK OF 3 
SYLVANIA 
MAGICUBES 

I 2 FLASHES 

PACK 
P A C K 
PIUS 
PIUS 
P IU S 
PRICE G O O D 
THRU SAT., 
M A Y 7 

PRICE g o o d 
PRICE G O O D 
THRU SAT., 
M A Y 7 
G O LD ROND 
GOLD ROND 
G O LD R OND 
THRU RAT., 
STAM PS 
STAM PS 
M A Y 7 
STAMPS 

VS 
ANOTHER ONI STOP SHOPPING 
CONVENIENCE FROM YOUR... 
Handy Andy 

H 
M on day M a v 2 1977 
San Antonio Express 
EDITORIALS 

W illia m J R e d d ell 

E d ito r o f E d ito r ia l P a g e 

C h o ric* G K ilp a trick 
E d ito r a n d P u b lish e r 

G e o r g e C a rm a ck 
A s so c ia te E d ito r 

Pane I Burt 

M a n a g in g E d ito ro 
Medical m alpractice insurance a disgrace 

The Senate restored hope for a medical malpractice bill this legislative session last week. 
The House should take Senate changes and give the medical profession — and the public — a break. 
Today it is impossible for a doctor or a hospital to purchase anywhere for any price the kind of protection most of them have carried in the past and feel they need. 

Lim ited coverage can be purchased for approxim ately one-third 
MORE than the amount of coverage under a po­ licy. A policy for $1oo.o(1o carries a premium of $137,ooo — and the insurance companies don’t seem anxious to write that. 
One hospital which has paid out claims of only $188,ooo in the past IO years, at a premium cost of $1,o35,ooo, cannot find on the market any insurance available at any price for comprehensive coverage. 
The Senate, knowing these things, strengthened the 
House-passed bill in a move that may bring under control the outrageous conditions in liabili­ ty insurance. 
One feature of the Senate bill provides protection against da­ 

 mage suits to doctors who go to the aid of persons in life-threa­ tening em ergency conditions. 
Another sets lim its on pain- and-suffering awards. Install­ ment payments of awards were approved. 
Texans need sound law co­ vering the malpractice problem. 
They don’t have it now but the 
Senate bill is a good start. 
We believe Texas medicine is policing its ranks rather well. 
We assume there is more work to be done and we are convinced that health care costs will re­ quire more attention, including more careful billing practices. 
The Carter adm inistration is starting inquiry into that phase of the business. 
But litigation-era assau lts have literally scared insurance carriers out of the malpractice m arket. That very fact has caused the health professionals to exercise greater care — in­ cluding the practice of defensive 
(some say excessively defen­ sive) medicine. And that drives up costs, too. 
The Legislature bears parti­ cular responsibility for drafting reasonable laws to protect both doctors arid the public. Any loophole loose enough to let a gouger through is too loose. 
Regional governm ent councils newr force for better America 

Approximately 
2,ooo m em ­ bers of regional councils of go­ vernment are in town for their annual Conference of Regional 
Councils — the lith — and their goal is lo advance the cause of regional solutions to regional problems a peg or so. 
Understanding the relation­ ships am ong governments has been a stumbling block toward acceptable levels of progress during the years America has exploded into an urban society. 
Center city problems are aggra­ vated as they are because su ­ burban governments don’t un­ derstand the common bond they share with center cities. Envir­ onmental problems, transporta­ tion, police, health and many other problems seem difficult because a concerted approach to solutions is too often misunder­ stood. 

Regional councils were or­ ganized to break those barriers. 
The councils are voluntary associations of elected officials within designated regions. 
Scope of COG interests is as comprehensive as government functions. Federal law m an­ dates regional administration of som e se r v ic e s — w astew ater management, for example. 

Alamo Area Councils of Go­ vernment, whose chairman is 
Kerr County Judge Julius R. 
Nuenhoffer, is host to the con­ vention. Judge Barbara Culver of Midland is the national presi­ dent. 
Program participants will make San Antonio VIP town this week and, we trust, the d ele­ gates will be better prepared when they leave to advance the level of government for us all. 
I Change hits postal service 

It is fashionable to cuss the 
Postal Service. 

For generations it was hea­ vily subsidized and nobody seemed to mind that it cost 5 cents to deliver a three-cent let­ ter. But change came. Time was when a long distance phone call meant death in the fam ily or some such news. Letters were the way to send news to the fa­ mily and friends. 

Last w e e k ’s report by the 
Postal Service study co m m is­ 

 sion said 7o per cent of first class mail is money transactions and those transactions are mov­ ing rapidly to electronic s y s ­ tems. The Postal Service will lose that business. And the re­ venue. 
U nless 
A m ericans write more letters — a lot more — 
Postal Service will be left mainly with mail nobody else wants. And a first-class letter will cost a lot more. 
That’s what change does to us. 

\\ e could have gone lo California! We could have gone to Arizona! Bul, oh, no. YOU ha\e lo retire in Dade Countv, Florida!' 
Views of Hill 

Sir: An article in the .San Antonio 
Express (April 28) by Jam es McCrory had some interesting concepts attri­ buted to Atty. Gen. John Hill. 
1. He noted that there are contrac­ tual obligations involved in the sale of gas in interstate markets. 
Where was he when San Antonio and other cities also had a contract for natural gas? Are interstate contracts more valid than Texas contracts? P er­ haps there are people outside of Texas that are more concerned in contracts being met than our attorney general. 
2. He also noted that if a proposal on intrastate gas lowered the price (in­ trastate) substantially, it could be attacked as an illegal taking of pro­ perty. 
In other words, if s OK for Texans to pay m ore for Texas gas than our northern neighbors, but should the price be uniform for all, it would be stealing. The rationale in this think­ ing boggles my mind. ll. Lustily, did it ever occur to him that a precious, irreplaceable resource is being depleted in Texas? What happens to our (not U.S., bul Texas) economy when the gas is gone? As a reward for depleting our natural re­ sources and for scarring our land with unsightly oil wells, storage tanks, etc., we are permitted to pay more for gas transm itted a few miles than our fel­ low U.S. citizens who receive their 
Texas gas through a pipeline over I,OGU miles long. 
The people outside of Texas are grateful to Mr. Mill for all he has done. 
Maurice Bronstad 

Sentence identifying speaker criticized 

Sir: David M cLemore’s article of 
April 24, “ Conservative urges radical 
U.S. reform ,” highlights on the local level a m odified version of w hat 
Howard Bronson termed the Pinsky 
Princpie (’’Liberal journalism ,” Let­ ters, April 22). 
This is the technique of attempting to discredit the philosophy of a non-li­ beral activist by including within a story statem ents which are not g er­ mane to the subject. 
And furthermore, without including those facts which substantially qualify the extraneous commentary made by the hostile reporter. 
In what appears to be an attem pt to discredit the philosophy advocated by 
Dr. Ron Paul, that of the free m arket and limited government ideals of the 
American Revolution, McLemore end­ ed his article by mentioning that Dr. 
Paul lost his bid for re-election in 1976 to Bob Gammage. 
As if to say that Dr. Paul’s views are not to be taken seriously since the voters of his own district “ rejected” his bid for another term. 
Either McLemore should have omit­ ted the last sentence of his article entirely or he should have mentioned that Gamm age won by only 268 votes in an election which is being challenged in the courts. 
In fairn ess, the g r e a te r p art of 
McLemore’s report on Dr. Paul’s ad­ dress to the 21st CD Conservative 
Caucus was accurate. 
Robert Paul Sicurcllo 

 le tte rs to this n e w sp a p e r sh ou ld b e short a n d th ey m ust b e signed. Initials o n ly w ill b e used a t w rite r's req u est. C o rre tt a d d le s , a n d te le p h o n e n u m b e r tor id e n tifica tion o f le tte rs o re n e e d e d , le tte r s w ill be e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o o d ta s te a n d legal re a s o n s. 
A dd ress: le tte rs to th e e d ito r, P .O . Box 2 1 7 1 , Son 
A n ton io, IX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

'D ouble dipping’ 

 story criticized 

Sir: The article on “ double dipping,” 
Page ISA, April 26, seems to be a melange of fact and fiction with the sole purpose of denigration oi the military. 
As of June 3o, 1976. there were 69 per cent enlisted retirees, thus 31 per cent officer. Once an individual reaches 2o years serv ice, his or her future is in the hands of the personnel managers. 
The services’ “ up-or-out” promotion policies, and congressionally 'imposed 

\\ hat we want is a broader base' eating with a wet 

WASHINGTON - In his 
‘‘sky is falling” speech a cou­ ple of weeks ago, President 
Carter nine times referred to the “ sa crifices” his energy program would demand of the 
American people. 
The effects of his program, he said, would be unpopular, unpleasant, and inconvenient. 
He said the character of the Amer­ ican people would be tested by the 
“ moral equivalent of war.” 
Puzzling 
Now that his specific program has been unveiled — m ost of his p ro ­ gram , anyhow — a puzzling question begins to emerge: What sacrifices? 
( arte r isn ’t beating en the people w ith a stick; he’s beating on us with a wet noodle. 
The most controversial element in his plan, to judge from initial reac­ tion on Capitol Hill, is the standby gasoline tax. This is how the White 
House explains it: 
“ If gasoline consumption in 1978 exceeds the target set for 1978 by one 

 per cent or more, a 5 cents per gallon tax will be imposed on Jan. 15, 1979.” 
This is a sacrifice? By January of 
1979, regular gasoline probably will be selling for 75 cents a gallon any­ how. Is it seriously believed that an additional nickel will result in signi­ ficant co n serv atio n ? It seem s e x ­ ceedingly doubtful. 
Not exactly tax 

And this standby, contingent, iffy, someday tax — a tax not to be im ­ posed under any circum stances for another 2o months — is not exactly a tax at all. 
The White House explains: “ Any funds collected would be rebated to the A m erican people progressively through (he federal income tax sys­ tem and by direct payments to people who do not pay taxes.” 
This sa m e wet noodle approach would apply in the case of his equa­ lization tax on domestic crude oil. 
The tax would be imposed in three stages, beginning in January of 1978, but “ the net funds collected as a re­ sult of this tax would be returned to the public, on a per capita basis, in the form fo tax credits or direct pay- 

James J. 

 ments for those who have no tax lia­ bility.” 
O ther elem e n ts of Mr. C a rte r 's program are equally “ sacrificial.” 
The home owner who undertakes to 
“ weatherize ’ his home would take a brutal licking: He would be eligible 
“ for a lax credit of 25 per cent of the first $8oo invested in conservation and 15 per cent of the next $1,4oo,” 
The family that takes a flyer in s u p p le m e n tal so lar en erg y would face a terrib le burden, (’a rte r pro­ poses a tax credit available through 
1985 am ounting to $4oo on the first 
$1,ooo cost of a solar installation, plus 
25 per cent of the next $6,4oo, this would be tough to bear. 
And so it goes. 
For those motorists who “ insist on driving new gas guzzlers that do not 

 meet federal average mileage stan­ dards,’’ Carter has a mild tap on the wrist. 
The p u r c h a s e r of a 1979 S u p er 
Guzzler, getting less than 17 m iles per gallon, would pay a punitive tax of $176. 

Such a car doubtless would carry a base price somewhere between $7,ooo and $1o,ooo. 
Not until 1985, on limousines then getting 12.5 mpg or less, would the tax rise to $2,488. These are stunning blows on the filthy rich. 
Small cars 

Meanwhile, producers of small au­ tomobiles would have it tough. 
Tho m otorist who bought a 1979 model getting 29 or 3o miles to the gallon would get a rebate of $327 on the sticker price. This is the kind of sacrifice that could be marvelously appealing. 
^ 

The program won’t wash. in his “ sky is fa llin g ” ad d ress. 
Carter sought to make us conscious of a desperate emergency. He warned of an im p e n d in g “ n a tio n a l c a t a s ­ trophe.” 

But none of this urgency appears in th e sp e cific m e a s u r e s he re c o m ­ mends. 

He would take our money from us in higher taxes — and then he would give it all back. 
Progressively 

He would give it all back, som e­ how, som etim e, “ progressively” or otherwise. 

The mechanics have yet lo be de­ vised. 

This plan comes from a President who would sim plify our tax form s and reduce the bloated bureaucracy. 

If your house is burning down on a 
Monday morning, you don't ask the firemen to come for tea on Tuesday afternoon. 

A ssum ing th at our energy pro b ­ lems are as grim as Carter describes them — and I believe they are — the need is for swift, incisive action now. 

Nothing much is gained by rallying the troops for Armageddon, only to suggest that for a while they stand at ease. 

 manpower ceilings, force personnel to retire involuntarily to m ake room for younger people. 

Only ll per cent or 12 per cent who join the military make it a career, and less than half of these are kept on for 3o years (The Retired Officer Magazine, 
March and April. 1977). 

The article’s snidest gaff may be, 
“ Military personnel . . . do not contri­ bute to their retirem ent fund.” An imputed 6^-7 per cent has always peen a part of m ilitary pay scales 
(C ongressional R ecord). T h ere are m any o th e rs in the m is h m a s h but space limits my comments. 

Sidney Taylor’s virtual closing com ­ ment is utterly misinformed. In truth, once you’ve “ made 2o” years, you’re 
“ choice people” and a very select Civil 
Service candidate. The m ilitary is darned lucky to keep such people with 
2o years of training behind them. 

“ Double dipping” ? Now hear this. 
Reserve officers (96 per cent of all) don’t get any retirem ent or retainer pay until they reach the age of 6o. 
R egulars are penalized as stated. 
Average enlisted retired pay is $432. 
They and/or their wives must work or starve. 
W. M. Vestal 

Looking back for forebears in vain 

CHICAGO — When the e x ­ traordinary phenom enon of 
“ Roots” swooped down upon us just a few months ago, I was just as determined as anybody to find out about my own — those giants from the past — my white 
Kunta Kintes. 
So I cam e home to Mother here and started asking questions. 
Surely, if Alex Haley could find all that information in far-removed G am ­ bia, a s m a ll, a g ric u ltu ra l A frican country, I could find infinitely more in 
Holland, Germany and Poland. 
Hesitant 
From the beginning. Mother seemed a little hesitant. 
Was it lack of interest? 
The fact she doesn't like to w rite letters? 
Some suspicion, as yet unknown to me? 
No m atter — I would do the asking. 
My first attem pt — this one to locate my m o th er’s fath er’s family in Kre- feld, Germany — failed totally. 
“ Opa,” Mother finally told me, us­ ing th e G e rm a n for “ g r a n d p a , ” changed his nam e when he cam e to this country to get away from German militarism. 
I looked at pictures of Krefeld after 
.the war. It was utterly flattened. Those who somehow lived through the World 
War II bombing left no post office for­ warding cards behind. 
Wasn’t nice 

M aybe it w a s n 't sla v e ry , b u t it wasn’t very nice, either. So much for that side. 
I continued to work on the o th e r three g ran d p are n t^ sides of the fami­ ly. 
Then, one sunny, brittle day in Fe­ bruary. just after “ Roots” had elec­ trified us all on television, I forced 
Mother to sit down with me and go over the other relatives I had (so to speak) dug up. 
“ Now, what about these Dutch rela­ tives in u p p er New York S ta te ? ” I asked, m y no-nonsense list in hand. 
Revolution 

“ Well, they did come before the Re­ volution.” Mother said. My heart beat swiftly. “ B ut,” she went on c a lm ly , 
“ most of them turned out to be horse thieves.” 
I c le a re d m y th ro a t. 
“ C ousin 
Nettie,” I said, “ in New Jersey, told a lot of people before she died that one side of the family has descended from the daughter of Sir Robert Peel.” 
This was actually my grand slam , but I pretended to be quite cool. 
Now Mother looked absolutely sly. 
“ Oui, I know' that sto ry ,” she said. 
“ Nettie also always said that that was the daughter that ran away with the coachm an.” 
Right in style 

“ She would have been right in style today,” I interjected lamely. 
Now it was Mother who didn’t smile. 
“ You know how I feel about modern m orals,” she said. 
But I was still intent on my list. 
What about the relatives in E ast 
Germany? 
Couldn’t get through to them any more, she said. 
W?hat ab o u t m y p a te rn a l g r a n d ­ mother’s family? 
They w ere p e a s a n ts in P o la n d , 
Mother told me. who dug potatoes and had happily and completely wiped out all m em ory of and contact with the past once they came here. 
Brother 
I was not the first, by the way, to have made this sort of effort. 
Once m y brother, Glen, sent away for one of those family crests that we noncrested people of the earth have been repeatedly warned against in this 
“ Son of Roots” period. 
The crest arrived, and it hangs now in my m other’s apartm ent here. 
It is interesting. It is not as heroic, as some others I have seen, with great suns and swords anil sunrises on them. 
It has this big, ugly vulture, wings spread threateningly and hanging over everything. 
The nam e “ Geyer,” you see, actual­ ly is a word in German it means “ vul­ ture. 
Courage 

By now, I had the courage to check out only one more lead: That an actor nam ed Ludwig G eyer had been the father of Richard Wagner. My hopes soared: Should it really be “ Beethoven, 
Mozart and Geyer?” 

No, it shouldn’t. There was an actor named Geyer, apparently a splendid chap, but he was only W7agner’s poor stepfather. 

In closing, I want to say that I gained a great deal from my experience. I have decided, since I have not much choice, to live in the present. I have decided to think, not about my own particular, even egocentric past, but to locate myself here aud now in broth­ erly and sisterly relationships with all the people around me. 

I have one other thought: Can my black friends, colleagues and com pa­ triots somehow understand that lots of white people, too, can lack and yearn for a Kunta Kinte . . . or, indeed, even for a past9 

SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 I 977 

Hanky-panky on the Hill 

By WILLIAM “ FISHBAIT” MILLER 

 as told ta KNIES SPATZ LEIGHTON 

In the second of six excerpts fro m his book , Fish bai I goes into detail about the extramar- ital — and even some marital 

— a ffa irs of the people who n ark on Capitol Hill. 

One female who didn’t mind telling what senators were like was the glam orous reporter, 
Sally Quinn. 
The sharp-tongued Sally made a stir throughout the Hill when she told ex­ actly what happened after a senator offered her a ride home as they were both leaving a party. 
On the way home he started pawing her and she said, “ I thought you were offering a ride home.” 
The annoyed senator shot back, 
“ What do you think I am , a taxi service?” I can believe it. I certainly can. 
Prefer call girls 
Some senators actually prefer call girls. 
"No muss, no fuss,” they say, “ and they don’t want to hang around for the rest of your life.” 

 matter was. He said. “ If I don’t find somebody for the boss. I’m going to be stuck on the Hill tonight working till midnight. He’s not leaving or letting me leave until he’s been serviced, the stud. I know' his tricks.” 
I said, “ Well, I wish you’d stay over on your side and not come over here to the House side to hunt for your grass monkeys.” 
One famous senator I know has a beautiful wife but still is not in a rush to get home to her. 
Instead he always has something going on with a staffer, and the funny thing is he always seems to find so- 

But others, as the aides tell me, “ will only settle for freebies. They want to think that she loves hin for himself.” 
Some say the staff of the Senate does the fooling around for the boss. Not true. 

Some o f the best Hill marriages — on the out­ side — have rotten cores inside 

But truth is that since a senator is so much easier to recognize, he needs a lot more help from some aide to cover for him. . 
It looks like the girl is with the sen­ ato r’s assistant. But sh e ’s with the senator. Some staffers have to scout for dates for the boss. 
Aides in trouble 
Sometimes the aides take part in the ultim ate fun, too. But unless they cause the boss to have bad publicity, nothing comes of it. 
Usually the senator is engaged in something of the same kind, so the buddy system works. 
In one well-known case around the 
Hill, an aide managed to have two children out of wedlock and the un­ married woman went around using his name as if she were married. He did not marry her. 
He divorced one gal and m arried another, but she wasn’t it. 
A number of Senate wives are wor­ rying them selves needlessly. They have husbands who really are faithful. 
But it’s a jungle up there. And some senators can be animals. 
I ran into one aide who looked really harassed and I asked him what the 

 meone to work for him who greatly resembjes his own w ife. 
It is a source of amusement for his staff and many male staffers have made a fervent wish they could go comfort the wife. 
Strange life 

Sen. Jacob J a v its leads a very strange life by normal standards. 
He commutes home to New York Ci­ ty for weekends but before he gets there he slops off at some nightclub and sees all his political friends and cronies. 
In spite of how wives are mistreated, nothing happens. 
But when one is well treated by her husband, there is the devil to pay. . 
I ’m thinking of Jane Muskie. 
When her husband was running for the presidential nomination during the 
1972 primaries, he rose to her defense and probably lost his chance to be president by crying with frustration. 
Democrats laugh 
Even Democrats on the Hill laughed among them selves and said if Sen. 
Edmund Muskie had a crisis in the 
White House, he would just sit down and cry. 

Also, they said this showed that maybe Jane wasn’t the kind of girl w ho belonged in the White House. 
That was a lot of hogwash. 
Mrs. Muskie is a terrific woman. 
As for drinking, I can’t think of a president I’ve known who didn’t drink, so why shouldn’t the potential First 
Lady have a drink, too, if she wants it. 
I remember a congressman who had no particular excuse except the thrill of the chase. 
He had his eye on a certain girl who worked in someone elsc’s office. 
He tried to get her to go out with him, but the girl just didn’t play a r­ ound. She was fairly new on the Hill and really serious about her career., 
Trusted aide 
The congressman trusted one of his female aides — there usually is one keeper of a congressman’s secrets who isn't involved with him — and got her to strike up a friendship with the girl. 
It took months of casual friendship and lunches and shared laughs over this and that before the friendship between the two women had p ro ­ 

 gressed enough for the congressman’s trusted aide to invite me girt to her home outside of W ashington for a weekend 
The girl went, thinking they would be alone and would just rest and go hiking. 
But when she got there, as if by ac­ cident, the congressman showed up and said he might as well stay the night. 
Well, it was worse than stories of the farmer’s daughter. 
She carefully took no liquor, encour­ aged him in no way, and felt secure because she went to sleep on the couch after he had gone to bed. 
Molested 
In the night, she awoke in the midst of being molested, and ended up by giving in. 
Was it rape? 
I don't know, but the girl was furious and told me she was sure the so-called friend had been in on it from the be­ ginning. 
These men are so petted and pam­ pered and have such a choice of women 
— some of whom work for them and some of whom just stop by to see if they can get close to the congressman or senator on any excuse — that it’s amazing they ever get home. 
Usually i f s just the husband who plays and strays. 
But now a new thing has happened. 
They used to call it swinging or playing around, but now they call it open marriage. 
Some form erly straitlaced wives have gotten very cynical and are get­ ting their sex where they can — going along on campaigns and dating a fel­ low at one hotel while their husbands are “ busy” with a staff girl in another hotel, or a girl reporter or a movie star. 

THE H EAVY R O M A N C E betw een U.S. Reps. M artha K eys and Andy Jacobs Jr. raised lots of eyebrow s on Capitol Hill before the couple w ed last year 

ELIZABETH DOLE 
.. self-reliant gal 
JANE MUSKIE 
, a terrific w om an 
SALLY GUINN 
,.. no taxi ride 
W elfare changes difficult 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - Pre­ sident Carter and HEW 
Secretary 
Joseph 
Califano Jr., are finding it much more difficult then first imagined to develop fundam ental changes in the nation’s welfare system. 
Government officials who have worked with them on welfare policy in the White House, HEW 
, and Congress, said in in­ terviews that the unex­ pected technical com ­ plexity of the issue was the primary reason that 
Carter will make only a broad statement of prin­ ciple on welfare reform 
Monday instead of specific proposals for legislation. 
Both the President and the secretary alluded last week to their astonish­ ment at how intricate the decisions were that had to be m ade before a 

Some sources say it will be at least three years before the administration will put its new proposals into effect 

 comprehensive new wel­ fare system could be devised. 
“ I’ve been surprised at the difficulty of it,” 
Carter said in a speech at the Democratic National 
Finance Council. 
A White House assis­ tant said that he did not believe the P resident realized until recently how hard it would be to develop a new system that was, at the same time, simple to adminis­ ter, equitable to the var­ iety of people who need public assistance and economically defensible. 
Rebut critics 
The official spokesman at the White House and the Health, E ducation and Welfare Department 

 have tried in recent days to rebut contentions that the administration’s wel­ fare schedule had gone off track. 
Nonetheless, public statem ents earlier this year by Califano and 
Carter left the clear im­ pression that, on May I, the administration would produce a detailed plan for altering the system. 

On Jan. 26, Califano announced that he had formed a study group to help him draft a comprehensive welfare policy. Ile said that the work of the group would form the basis of the recom m endations he would present to the 
President on May I. 
On March 16, at a 

Clinton, M ass., town meeting, C a rter said, 
“ On May I, Joe Califano w ill come forward and propose to C ongress a comprehensive revision of the entire welfare system.” 
Jody Powell, the White 
House press secretary, was asked last week how lie could reconcile that presidential statem ent with the decision to issue no more than a broad declaration of principles. 
Powell responded, "That particular statement was m isleading in its im ­ plications — I ’m sure unintentionally — about the date of legislation.” 
Powell and 
Eileen 
Shanahan, a ssista n t secretary of HEW for 
No life to live 

Even with research rats running inter­ ference for me, I don’t know exactly when 
I’m going to die. 
But I do know' how. I’m going to die of boredom. 
If they aren ’t discovering that kissing causes chipped fingernails and peanut butter brings on embarrassing itching, they’re putting a curse on my pizza and the volume on my car radio. 
I c an ’t enjoy anything anymore. In fact, I’m downright paranoid. 
I go around feeling cans to see if they’re bent, 
’'spitting on my finger to lick stamps, holding my breath around sm okers, boiling my w ater and avoiding X-ray machines at the airport (my luggage doesn’t look too good and I’m suspicious). 
She’s tries to please 

Lord knows I’ve tried to please everyone. 
A few years ago when they put the finger on ci­ garettes, I quit smoking and turned to music for entertainment. 
Someone said, “ Cooped up in here all day listening lo all those decibels will make you deaf.” 
I went to the beach. 
Someone said, “The water is polluted and the sun will cause skin cancer.” 
I decided to stay indoors and eat. 
Someone said, “ Tuna, fried foods, sugar, cereal products, meat and eggs are bad for you. You should have a check-up." 
I went to the hospital for a check-up. 

Erma 
Hornbeck 

Someone said, “ X-rays are bad for you and so is some of the medicine they’re giving you. 
I decided to drink. 
Someone said, “ That will destroy your liver.” 
So, I switched to coffee. 
Someone said. “ That is bad for you.” 
I went to soft drinks. 
“ The sugar is really harmful lo your body,” so­ meone said. 
“ I only drank drinks artificially flavored.” 
“That’s bad for you,” someone said. 
“ I’ll eat snow.” 
“ And drop dead?” 
A friend of mine had a great idea for longevity. 
She bought a research rat and followed it around day and night. 
Everything it ate and survived, she tried. Ever­ ything it endured without damage, she went for. 
Two days ago she called and said the rat died. 
“ What happened?” I asked. 
“ Got hit by a mousetrap a block from home.” 
“ Tell m e,” I said w earily, “ was it w earing lipstick? I have to know,” 

 public affairs, said that no w elfare legislation would be proposed until fall. 
Once proposed, officials said, it may take years before it actually goes into effect. 

Holding off 

Sen. Daniel P atrick 
Moynihan, D-N.Y., said that he had beard, alth­ ough unauthoritatively, that the administration was not contemplating a new system in effect until the 1981 fiscal year, which begins in October 
198o. 
By all accounts, Carter does not intend to deviate from his cam paign pledge to recom m end that poor people receive a single cash payment — in other words, a g u aran ­ teed minimum income — to replace their current, overlapping benefits and that jobs be m ade available for those with the capacity to work. 
But it is clear that many details have not been worked out. In his speech to the Washington 
P ress Club last week, 
( alifano gave an idea of the questions that the administration had not yet answered. They in­ cluded the following: 
• How can poor people be assured adequate as­ sistance and, at the same time, be given an over­ riding incentive to work? 
• At what rate should benefits be reduced as earned income in­ creases? 
• 
To what degree should m others with sm all children be required to work? 
• Should public jobs be guaranteed, and, if so, to whom? To both parents, or only one? To children over 12 or children over 
2o? 
Weekend work 
White House meetings involving representatives of both the 
Labor 
D epartm ent and HEW continued throughout the weekend as the presiden­ tial statement was made ready for delivery Mon­ day'. 

In addition to the sheer complexity of the welfare issue, officials indicated that there were other reasons for not disclosing a detailed welfare policy this week. 

One such reason, they said, was that it would be impassible to fit welfare legislation into the con­ gressional schedule this year and maybe not even next year. 

The administration has made enactment of en­ ergy legislation its top priority and is consider­ ing pressing for changes in the tax law before it asks Congress to deal with welfare. 

Sonic of tin' best Hill marriages — on the outside — have the most rotten cores inside. 
I know of two congressional couples who are the dearest friends possible. 
They get together several times a week and they sit around and talk and play cards and relax together. 
The wives are the best of friends and do everything together during the day while the husbands are on the hill. 
But the truth of the matter is that 
Wife X, a beauty, is in love with the husband of Plain Jane W?ife Y and only tolerates her so she can know exactly where her true love is. 
Wife X bragged to me that even under her own husband’s eye and 
Plain Jane’s eye, she gives her lover a kiss of greeting that reminds him of what they mean to each other — “ I put my tongue right in his mouth and I’ve never been caught yet,” 
By the time I was leaving the Capi­ tol, divorce was getting so common that the Hill wags were calling the 
P ra y e r Room “ Little Las V egas.” 
That’s because so many congressman were getting married there for a se­ cond time around. 
The most famous of these was Al 
Ullman of Oregon, who had been m ar­ ried a quarter-century or more before he got divorced and m arried a gal from his own office. 
Anita Ullman came to sec me. She hadn’t remarried. 
Anita asked for a pass so that she could watch her ex-husband from the gallery. I gave her the pass, and she did come at least three times a week to watch hun. 
Al looked up one day and saw her there. Ile sent word to me not lo admit her to the family gallery any more. 
Ways and Means 
Ullman, Incidentally, is the man who became head of the powerful Ways and 
Means Committee after Wilbur Mills mishandled an affair with a stripper so badly he stepped down from the chairmanship. 
For a view of love Capitol Hill style, the story of Rep. Martha Keys, D-Kan., and Rep. Andy Jacobs Jr., D-Ind., is pretty good. 
Andy Jacobs had been divorced for a long time. When the new Congress was voted in in November, 1974, among the new ladies was Martha Keys and it was practically love at first sight. 
Martha arrived as a m arried wo­ man, but she and lier husband, Dr. 
Samuel Robert Keys, a dean of Kansas 
Slate University, obtained a friendly divorce after papers were filed in midyear, 1975. 
I was well aware of the heavy ro­ mance going on between Congresswo­ 

 man Martha and Congressman An­ drew long before their announcement that they would make history by m ar­ rying in January of the Bicentennial 
Year and becoming the first couple to serve together in Congress. 
We would hear the question raised now and then about w hether Adlai 
Stevenson was interested in women. 
His wife may have shared a lot of the blame for his not becoming president when she cast aspersions on Ids man­ liness. 
In those days the accepted theory was that if a man had divorced, that was somehow acceptable to Hu* Amer­ ican public, just as long as he didn’t remarry. 
Now the I boor in congressional marriages held by many is that ifs all right to get divorced just as long as the man marries again so that lie can present a pretty picture of a homebody to the public. 
Big surprise 

One of the biggest surprises on the 
Hill was the sudden divorce of Sen. 
Robert Dole and his wife, whom he gave so much credit in the past for helping him regain the use of his arm and hand after World War IL 
His hand had been shattered and he had m arried his therapist, a lovely looking girl named Phyllis Holden. I liked her. 
I knew Doh> for many years when he was in the House, before he went to the 
Senate, before Nixon picked him to be 
Republican National Chairman, or be­ fore Ford picked him as bis vice pre­ sidential running mate. 
In 1971 pftor ?.*t years, Dole made a public statement that lie was ending his m arriage because he simply did not have time for both marriage and a career 
Dole was so tall, nark and handsome that ho was called the ( ary Grant of the Hill, and he did resemble the movie star. 
, Everyone wondered whom lie was getting ready to marry. The answer was nobody. 
He remained unmarried from 1971 to 
December, 1975, when he got hitched to another self-reliant gal — a good-look­ ing commissioner of the Federal Trade 
Commission — Elizabeth Hanford. 

7 I FSI) A Y: Fish b a it d i s ­ cusses fo u rsc o re a n d seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nut ion , co n ceited in lib erty and dedicated. 

|e| 1977 by Willtom Mewl*/ Mitier and Nance* Spate letghtcm 
Reprinted by permlttian af Prentir e-Hall, tnt. 
BILL MILLER BARBQUE COUPON 

Delicious Bar-B-Que Beef Blate 

NOW 

IIIIIII 
I 

A complete meal with: 1/4 lh. BBQ Beef, a serving of 

 pinto beans, potatoes, cole slaw, with pickle, onion, 

 bread, and sauce...regular!y $1.75. Limit 6 

SPECIALS EFFECTIVE THRU WEDNESDAY, M AY 4, 1977 

Fresh, H ot 
Sw eet, Iced rrciti, not a , aweel, 
COBBLER 
.. . B V on?,” 
TEA . Gel. . . . . . . . . TJBBM 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 

Express-News Wont Ads 225-1666; 

Randolph sergeant makes final 

CM. Sgt. 
Michael M. 
White, at Randolph AFB, has been nam ed Air 
Force Military Personnel 
C enter 
N oncom m is­ sioned Officer of the Year and will represent the 
San Antonio base in the 
Air 
Force-w ide 
Out­ standing Airman of the 
Year competition. 
Sgt. 
Michael L. Har­ ris, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
L. G. Harris of 314 Star­ dust Drive, has earned the USAF Commendation 
Medal at Sheppard AFB. 
Cap!. Ja c k R. Roden 
Jr., at the Academy of 
Health Sciences at Ft. 
Sam Houston, has been awarded the second oak leaf cluster to the Army 
Commendation Medal. 
Ten others at the aea- 

In the military 

White 
Roden 

 demy also received the 
A rm y 
C om m endation 
Medal: Capt. Richard R. 
Westlake (first oak leaf duster), Capt. 
Helmut von Loc we (first oak leaf cluster), Capt. William 
R. Smith, Maj. James R. 
Yasamoto, Maj. John M. 
Rion, 
Capt. 
Lee 
P. 
Washburn, Lt. Koto K. 

Phuli, Capt. David D. 
Worth, Capt, James P. 
Wilson, and Capt. Mary 
E. Winn. 
M. Sgt. Eugene E. Se- kinger, physiological training supervisor at 
Brooks AFB, has been awarded $1,o4o for his suggestion on the m odification of e m e r­ gency oxygen cylinders. 
Sgt 
C harles 
R. 
McClain, chief of the 
Consolidated Base P er­ sonnel Office at Brooks 

 rn 
II 
WARING 
7-SPEED 
BLENDER 

ANCHOR HOCKING 8-PC. 
TUMBLER SET 
BREEZY decorator pattern with eight 12-ounce beverage glasses packaged in a gift carton. Reg. 
$3.99, 8-pc. set. 

SPECIAL S 2 
. 9 
9 

Shatterproof pitcher with removable base fo r ease of cleaning and rem oval of ingredients. Both American (oz.) and 
Metric measuring guide on jar. Recipe book included. Reg. $18.88: 

5-PIECE CUTLERY SET 
Set includes Parer, Boner, Cleaver, Slicer, and 
French Chef. Reg. $8.88. 

SPECIAL*15.88 
SPECIAL 
■■■■■■■■■■I 
6.99 

I 

M 
O 
T 
H 
E 
R 
' 
S m m 

Mon., May 2 - Sal., May 7 aft Winn's! 

16-PIECE MELAMINE 
DINNERWARE SET 
This starter set includes 4 cups, sa u c e rs , d in n e r plates and fruit bowls. As­ sorted patterns. 
Reg. $5 99 set. 
SPECIAL 

*4.99 

 ii, 

LADIES’ ANKLE-HI 
AND KNEE-HI HOSE 
1oo% sheer action nylon. Beige only in one size to fit 8Vz to l l . Reg. 29o pr. 

SPECIAL 
4P,/*1 wmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammm 

COMPACT 1,ooo WATT 
HAIR DRYER 
Three heat/airflow settings in one switch! Small and lightweight, designed for gentle, high-speed drying. Reg. $19.99 

SPECIAL*16.88 

BLOOMING LIVE PLANTS 
The thoughtful gift from you and Mother Nature. 
Beautiful flowering Glox­ inia to b rig h te n many days to come. 
5.99 

PRICES GOOD 
WHILE 
QUANTITIES 
LAST 

MUSICAL 
JEWELRY BOXES 
Each jewelry box features music and dancing balleri­ na when opened. 
*3.98 

SUPER CURL COMPACT 
BY GILLETTE 
The first cordless, take-a-long curler! J 
Unique telescoping rod heats in about g 
2 minutes . . . fast and easy to use! 
Reg. $13.88< 

I S P E C IA L * rn m m m m*11.88 
The REAL variety store. 

Antonio, Fredericksburg, Marble Falls, New Braunfels, Kenedy, Luling 

 rn 

....BIB ll 
Westlake 
Von Loewe 

AFB, has been presented the 
Air 
Force 
Commendation Medal. 
Col. 
H. D. AHshouse has received the Legion of Merit for outstanding service while director of inspection. Air Training 
C om m and, 
Randolph 
AFB. 
M. Sgt; 
M artha L. 
Porter, at Brooks AFB, has received the second oak leaf cluster to the 
Air Force Commendation 
Medal. 
Capt. 
John R. John­ son, at Brooke Army 
Medical Center, has been presented a $175 award for his suggestion to use the “ Medi-boot” in ban­ daging horses. 
S. Sgt. Eric C. Belmar, honor graduate of class 
77-F at Lackland AFB, received the 
Com­ mander’s Trophy at the class graduation c e re ­ mony. 
T hree Wilford Hall 
USAF Medical Center personnel have been re­ cognized for their ideas which saved the Air 
Force thousands of dol­ lars. 
T. Sgt. 
Robert L. 
McGinty received $5o, 
M. Sgt. Jose R. Martin­ ez, a Certificate of Re­ cognition, and James M. 
Chanseley, a Certificate of Recognition. 
Col. Jack C. Young, at 
Randolph AFB, has been presented the Legion of 
Merit. Nine others at 
R andolph 
AFB were presented the M eritor­ ious Service Medal. 
They are: Col. Arthur ll. Schroder, Capt. Da­ vid E. Cormack, Capt. 
Charles W. Magsig, SM. 
Sgt. Donald P. Haynes, 
SM. Sgt. 
William D. 
Stacey, M. Sgt. 
Henry 
Martel, M. Sgt. Anthony 

McClain 
Johnson 

J. ©’Flaherty, 
T. Sgt. 
David J. Hansmeyer and 
S. 
Sgt. 
Harold 
B. 
Brothers. 

Seventeen others re ­ ceived the Air Force 

Commendation Medal: 
Capt. 
Charles M. Ro­ bards, 
Capt. 
Bruce R. 
McElrath, Capt. Frank 
J. Kane, Capt. Brian D. 
Kearns, Capt, Walter B. 
Hyde, Capt. 
Randy M. 
Smith, 
Lt. 
David T. 
Pomerenke, 
SM. Sgt. 
Glynn L. Cooper, M. Sgt. 
Joseph G. Edwards, M. 
Sgt. Elmer L. Fuller, T. 
Sgt. 
William C. Davis, 
T. Sgt. Francis E. Jones, 
S. Sgt. Stephen M. Ker­ en, Sr. Airman Gary E. 
McCue, 
Sr. Airman 
Donald E. Stutts, 
Air man l.C. Erie S. Powell and Airman l.C. Richard 
J. Redmond. 

PARTTIME clow n Sgt. K enneth 
Carns playfully combs the hair of a child at the Mission Road Foun­ dation 
Sergeant is an old softy for children 

 a m 
' 
SERVICE 

Jagge 
Flores 
Ft. Sam civilians are cited 

Esther D. Aguirre, re­ ports clerk, and William ll. Huddleston, realty specialist, hav e been pie- sented Department of the 
Army Certificates at Ft. 
Sam Houston. 
Guadalupe R. Flores, at Brooke Army Medical 
C enter, has been p re ­ sented a $275 suggestion award and certificate of appreciation. 
Clinton C. Jag ge, supervisory computer specialist at the .Air 
For ce Military Personnel 
Center at Randolph AFB, retired after 34 years fe­ deral service. 

Underneath the facade of clown grease paint which covers the face of 
M. Sgt. Kenneth Carns lies his real face. 
Sgt. Carns is not the happiest clown one might encounter because his eyes have seen too much suffering for him to laugh his way past hu­ man tragedy. 
But Carns keeps put­ ting on his happy face and going back to enter­ tain the children’s wards at hospitals. 

Carns’ love for children has been rubbing off on his co-workers at the 
3283rd School Squadron at Lackland AFB where he is the noncom m is­ sioned officer in charge of training. 

On a recent visit to the 
Mission Road Foundation for Retarded Children, he was accompanied by nine m em bers of the sq u a­ dron. 

From a squadron col­ lection, the group pre­ sented the children with more than $25o worth of games and toys. 

Retardation 
Sgt. Carns said he works mostly with chil­ 

 dren with mental retar­ dation problems. 
“ A group of guys I worked with in Germany became interested in a local school far the re­ tarded and we decided to give them a Christmas party. 
“ I had read and heard some things about men­ tal retardation, and knew what a mongoloid was. 
But when I saw those children who couldn’t hold their heads up or even control their bodily functions, I felt someth­ ing inside me that really tore me up. 
“That feeling has kept me going back,” said the part-time clown. 

Set. Carns, a member of the San Antonio A va­ tar Shrine, is a Shriner clown. 

“ I’m glad I decided to become a clown because it really adds a new di­ mension to my hospital and home visits. It really perks some of the kids up, especially the younger ones,” he said. 

“ However, there are many children I see who don’t even know what a clown is. I like to spend extra time with them ,” he said. 

FAUSTINO GOMEZ, M.l). 

 announces 

 the opening of his office for the practice of 
H EIIM xtTO M M .Y 

7526 louis Pasteur Dr. 
696-2284 
Home Owners! 
$ 4 ,o o o for only $ 9 3 .3 3 a month. 

Whether you need $3,5oo or $1o,ooo, get it from the people who have been serving Texans for over 5o years. 
Great Western. Monthly payment is based on an amount financed of $4,ooo, for 6o months, at an annual percentage rate of 14.12%. Total of payments is $5,599.8o. 

GR£AT WESTERN FINANCE 

I lomeowner Loans 
/Z3 CV a financial service of 
VS 2 ) CONTROL DATA CORPORATION 

Not secured by real property. 
The amount financed will not be the net proceeds paid to you if credit insurance is desired and included in this loan. 

547 S. W. Military Dr. • 923-7733 
124 Main Plaza • 226-9155 
1439 S. W. Military Dr. • 924-5141 

238 Central Park Mall - 349-6121 
Las Palmas Shopping Center • 434-72o3 
18o8S.W.W. White • 333-211o 

Credit Insurance Available to I.liable Borrowers 

Visitors take historic tour of Castroville 

Scene 

Monday 
M ay 2 I 977 
Page I 

PRUDENCE CLENDENNING OF W ASHINGTO N 
...Maury Maverick Jr. and Mrs. Fred Irby are guides 

AIR/DELUXE 
MOTORCOACH TOUR 
OF 
NEW ENGLAND 
FEATURING 
The Beauty of Fall Foliage 
October 2-9 
COST FROM SAN ANTONIO 

• ' 7 3 3 " " 

INCLUDES: 
• ROUND TRIP COMMERCIAL 
JET AIRFARE TO ROSTON 
• 8 NIGHTS HOTEL 

• ALL MEALS 

ESCORTED CROM S I V JA TOA IO 
A M ) OFFERED UY 

£ a n A n t o n io T r a v h , i n c 
MEMIC! 
8517 Blanco Rd., at Wast Awe., 
San Antonio, Texas 78216 
512/349-2421 

Reception set 

 by Red Cross 

The Bexar County Red 
Cross will hold a recep­ tion from 7:3o to 9 p.m. 
Wednesday at the Red 
Cross C hapter House, welcoming .Jeanne Bar­ ton as director of nurs­ ing, health and safety. 
N urses, first aid in ­ structors, water safety instructors and all per­ sons interested in nurs­ ing, health and safety are invited. 
No reservations are re­ quired for the event. Call the Red Cross office for additional information. 

Brooke wives set luncheon 

Brooke Army Medical 
C enter W om en's Club will hold a Mongolian 
Barbeque at 11:3o a .rn 
Thursday at the Ft. Sam 
Houston Officers' Club. 
Installation of club of­ ficers will be held and the 
Fifth Army Chorus will give the program. 

By EVE LYNN 
SAWYER 

“ Now that w e ’ve seen T exas we un­ derstand why Texans are alw ays saying everything here is bigger and better here.’’ 
The com m ent cam e from Esther Nvland of 
Grand Haven, Midi. She was one of 28 members of the Smithsonian Institu­ tio n ’s A ssociates on a tour of this area . 
The San Antonio Con­ servation Society’s Com­ m unity Guide Service took the group on a bus trip to historic buildings in Castroville with Mrs. 
Fred Irby as tour chair­ man. 
Volunteer tour guide on the bus was Maury Ma­ verick Jr., who gave the visitors more insight into the area and its history than many of the natives have. 
Maverick did research on the camels imported to the Southwest many years ago. and learned that Gen. Douglas Mac­ 
Arthur hadf been star­ tled at the sight of these ships of the desert when he was a boy in New 
Mexico. 

Mar Arthur 

Maverick wrote Mac­ 
Arthur about this and receiv Hi a letter from the general saying he had sc n me camels, but was not the least bit fright­ ened by them. 
Miss Ruth Lawler wel­ comed the tour group to 
C astroville, and told them the old Landmark 
Inn was closed for reno­ vation for the next couple of years. She gave this historic building, the first stop on the stage­ coach from San Antonio lo El Paso, to the Texas 
Parks and Wildlife De­ partment. 
One of the most inter­ ested visitors was 
Bee 
Kennard of Laurel, Md. 
Her great-grandmother. 

Visit Us us! Save $iao.@o 

At the International Spa Fitness Center we have over nine years of qualified, professional experience in helping thousands of men cmd women attain better health. 

Our Spa, located at 8757 Wurzbach Road, will soon open with over $1 million in professional exercise equipment. This equipment will be the most modern of its type. We have just purchased on an exclusive basis, the unique 
Sports Trainer™ fifteen exercise m achine with progressive variable resistance. 
All our equipment is designed to help you with the aid of our professionally framed counselors to better health and a better shape. 

 loin International Spa 
Fitness Center Now and Save! 

You can save $12o.oo on our get-acquainted introductory offer. Join now and take advantage of over a million dollars worth of facilities — the most modem in San Antonio. 

And, More Features Like 

Finnish Sauna • Nutritional Center • Turkish steam room • Figure contour salon • Sun Ray booth for year-round tanning 

WIN A1977 DUNE BUGGY! 
During our get acquainted offer, you have a chance t o win a 
1977 Dune Buggy, or a Color T.V. and 2 IO-Speed Bicycles. 

INTERNATIONAL 
SPA FITNESS CENTERS 

M St 
THE HEALTH NUTS • FACILITIES FOR MEN & WOMEN 
8757 WURZBACH RO./699-3o3o 
• 
V 
M em ber. AMM.’JOO" O 'P h» 4 « .iifiin e « C en te< i *loc»t'!>n».n P«oe>v„scolH!j»'e W e,* vuma An,one Sacr.ementn 
«a»»ei CeMom i»rC I Paso. Sen Antonio !#•*» R eno N*»#o» 

W h o , 
W h a t , 
W h e r e 

O N THI 
SOCIAL SCENE 

Genevieve Blonder, came from Alsace-Lorraine to 
Texas in 1844. 
The family set out from 
G alveston by covered wagon to claim the land grant. The wagon turned over near Victoria and broke her ancestor’s hip, so the fam ily stayed there. One of 
G ene­ vieve’s brothers was a scout with Robert E. Lee. 
Other relatives helped found 
Yorktown and 
Meyersville. 

Falmouth 

Charlotte Freygang with the 
Falm outh. 
Mass., Chamber of Com­ merce, has a mother-in- law, Theresa Wenz, who is a former San Antonian. 
Mrs. Wenz’s sister was 
Mother Superior at old 
Ursuline Academy. 
Miss Freygang was reminded of the Doll Mu­ seum in Falmouth when she saw the antique dolls in 
Robert Quill John­ son ’s 
House on Sep­ tember Square. An artist. 
Johnson uses the home as a studio. 
It was built in 1869 and is lilied with furniture made in the vicinity. He and his wife bought the white plaster home with olive trim 12 years ago and restored it. They live rn another home in Cas­ troville restored 2o years a LTO. 
Mr. and Mrs. Martin 
McHale of 
Lauderhill, 
Fla., particularly en­ joyed seeing St. Louis 
Church. 
They have planned a trip to El Paso, 
Chihuahua, Copper Can­ yon, Arizona, Colorado and Kansas. 

Antique 

Donald Belcher, whose father-in-law form erly owned Vick’s Emporium in San 
Antonio, has moved his silver-plating and antique shop to Cas­ troville. He and his wife live above the shop. Be­ hind the cypress and li­ mestone structure is a shaded patio with two basket swings hanging from the limbs of an old tree. 
Tom Messer gave us a tour of the sand-colored plaster home with terra cotta trim that he and 
Fred Pottinger use as a second home. They live in 
San Antonio and have an antique shop called Horse of a Different Color. 

The men bought the 
C astroville home two years ago and redid it, including the built-in pie safe in the dining room. A smoke house and well house are outside. 

HemisFair 

Gladys Scott of Phila­ delphia came to San An­ tonio for HemisFair in 
1968, and this was the first opportunity she had to retu rn . 
She said, 
“ We’re interested in res­ toration, too. If I didn t love P h ilad elp h ia so much, I’d move to San 
Antonio.” 
Terrell Hodge showed us the home she and her husband, 
Mike, moved into in August of 1975. 
The home had been un­ occupied for 2o years, so they had extensive work to do. 
She loomed the blue and white spread on the bed. It matches the ex­ terior of the home. 
Hodge is a justice of the peace and his wife is a court reporter. 
We had lunch in the Old 
Standby Saloon, where we were welcomed by 
Mayor Gene Suehs. 
I shared a table with Brig. 
Gen. (ret.) and Mrs. H. 
M. “ Duffy” Brown of 
Edinburg. She is former­ ly of Little Rock. 

Washington 

On the bus I had a chance to talk to 
Pru­ dence Clendenning of 
W ashington, program coordinator for the 
Smithsonian. She plans all of the institution’s do­ mestic study tours, two every month. Six or eight times a year she gets to go on one of the tours herself. 
Mrs. Fred Irby told us about these Community 
Guide Service tours she has been working with for the Conservation Society for the past five years. 
The tour service is IO years old. and Mrs. Irby has been chairm an for the past two years. “ We have 12 buses going out before the end of May,” she said, and already have three tours booked for 1978. 

Mrs.. Irby has written a guide book used by her 
2o guides, eight or IO of whom are very active. 
Originally from a sugar cane plantation in south­ ern Louisiana, Mrs. Irby rem em bers going to a circus in nearby Berwick in a su rre y with the fringe on top. 

Roadster 

“ We lived in a rural community. I was driven to school in a two-wheel ro a d ste r draw n by a horse. Later, we moved to 
Alexandria.” 
CARPET 
CLEANED 
$1A 95 

LIMITED 
TIME 

 any living room and hall 
(regardless of room size) 

ANY LIVING ROOM 
DINING ROOM (or Dml*f wmI and 

CUANED $ 2 4 9 5 
(R«K>rrf»si 
^ ■ 
•flirt) 
SHAMPOO 

YES! WE DO 

TINT AND DYE 

CARPET RIGHT IN 

YOUR HOME 

W UU CLEAN ANY ADDITIONAL 
$ 1 o 9 5 

ROOM WITH THE ABOVE SPECIALS. 
I L 

8®®? FO! ANOINTMENT 497-3664 

LIVING 
ROOM 
IU *29“ 

Carpet Steam 

Cleaned 
MOST CABPlTl DKT 
IM •'» TO IV , HHS. 

LIVING ROOM 
HAH 
I 
DINING $eQ f $ 
ROOM 
G T 

NOT DELIGHTED— D O N T PAY!— 
< 

‘WAMAKTT* 
Ow *iptrf turn* at* data taw ta>f*da| W TT* M w yaw km * m f i m M a r * ar y*m m *m y ti tafrfaa* at Hill. Up* I b tu - ad farad***, a m m d Onawa) tartan tadadad rn lM> 

I T L L L h 
I l 1 1 S Y S T @ m 

GUARANTEE CARPET CLEANING A DYE CO. 

MOTHER'S DAY SALE 
IM S ! DIAMONDS s 5o% OFF 

SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICES 

V2 CARAT E s s o now 

I C A R A T S ,™ now 

$ 
2 7 5 
$ 7 9 9 

Nothing Held Back! First Come, First Served 

SAlE bi 

Si 

CARAT 
W EIGHT 
CUT 
SUGGESTED 
RETAIL 
PRICE 
£j'/* CARAT 
K VS CARAT 
WVi CARAT 

ROUND ......................... $25o $ 

ROUND ........ 
$338 

MARQUISE ................... $59o 

1 2 5 ^ 

2 95 YJ 

% Vl CARAT 
OVAL ............................. $59o $ 295 

$59o $ 295 
^ 
Vi CARAT 

-Vx'.y 3/4 CARAT 

PEAR ... 

ROUND 

OVAL 
$1995 

ROUND ....................... $15oo 
V*. Aft 
PEAR 
$15oo 

$ 

%\.n CARAT 
MARQUISE ................ $1395 $ 

‘ .oo CARAT 

.o3 CARAT 

.o7 CARAT 

.ll CARAT 

.16 CARAT 

.25 CARAT 

.35 CARAT 

.51 CARAT 

.57 CARAT 

.75 CARAT 

.99 CARAT 
■tjfl 2.23 CARAT 

1 5 4 9 M9 
6 9 9 

 r n 

9 9 5 o 
995 
9 95 
, 
899 M 

 iaV 'I 
V * 
“v 
/ / / > 

 c it* 
ROUND ....................... $14oo 

ROUND ................... 

ROUND ....................... $1995 

ROUND ....................... $18oo $1 2 9 5 H 

*1395 ^ 

$1795 $1295 
$l395e1 

PEAR 

OVAL 

$1995 

$1995 
1 3 9 5 # % 

HEART SHAPE ............ $3995 $2 2 9 5 

PEAR ............................. $47oo $3 8 9 5 k ^ 

 o 
PEAR 
$39oo $2899 

MANY OTHERS TO CHOOSE FROM! fey 

No Dealers or Brokers. Please 

I CARAT 
I CARAT 
FOH MOT 11 F i t s DAY rn 

■ 
■ 
■ 
U g i 

V I 

C l 

SUGG. MY. $5oo 
N O W 
^ ti CARAT 
Mi* 

*299 
SUGG. OTT. $699 
J 

 n o w ‘399 ? 

ONE CARAT 

JK S ? r n 

DIAMOND DANGLE 
INITIAL RING 
SUGG. RET. $13o 
SUGG. RET. $399 

NO W ‘79,s n o w ‘299 
14K GOLD COIN JEWELRY 

GOLD ROPE 
COIN FRAME 

14K Gold (or 
U.S. $2o Gold Piece or 5o Peso 
Gold Piece. 
Coin Extra. 
129 

14K GOLD 
HEAVY ROPE 
CHAIN 
24" Length s149 

CHARGE ACCOUNTS INVITED 
Three Convenient locations to Serve You ikP f f e , 
3111 
Wonderland Mall 
Sears Plaza 
Nacogdoches Rd. 
Handy.Andy Entrance 
721 S.W. Military Dr. 

656-1543 
732-9621 

“ • * • * * • f k 
* f:, 
SI1 

 y . i f ? is 

923-43o1 i y y 

 a 

Poge 
2-B 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 

Bridal scene...Bridal scene...B n 

Jeffrey Bruso, 
Candice Harris marry Sunday 

Miss Candice Jonilyn Harris became the bride of Ens. Jeffrey Alan Bruso of 
Pasadena, Sunday in the Texas A&M 
Hillel Building at College Station. The 
Rabbi Samuel M. Stahl officiated. A reception and dance were held follow* ing the ceremony. 

The bride is the daughter of Dr. and 
Mrs. Harold S. Harris. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Joseph M. 
Bruso of Pasadena. 

Serving as maid of honor was Shaw- nice Jerilyn Harris, sister of Hie bride. 
Best man was Ronald Guettler of Pa­ sadena. Usher was Michael Sandifer of 
Houston. 

The couple will honeymoon in Flori­ da. 

MRS. JE F F R E Y A. BRUSO 

SLIM SET BOUTIQUE INC. 
NIBLACK REDUCING SALON 
EUROPEAN WRAP 
A FASHION FOR YOUR FIGURE 
• • • • • 
A FIGURE FOR YOUR FASHION 
THAT IS WHAT WE HAVE TO OFFER 
WHERE ARE WE:? 

2319 Lock Hill Selma and Mitary Dr. 
V ange’s I 

3 4 9 - o 1 3 7 

8618 Jones Maitsberger 
V an ge ’s ll 
(Across Form Albert 
Pick Motel In) 

3 4 9 - 7 6 6 1 
Parkridge Shopping Center 
WHO ARE WE? 

San Antonio's oldest & best 

 way to aid you in obtaining 

 your perfect figure. A dress 

 shop with outstanding fashion 

& values. 

NIBLACK 
SYSTEM 

Massaging machines that reportions your figure . . . reducing you in inches where you need reducing. Inexpensive, passive, we get results. 
2o HRS 

For $6o.oo 

N o Contracts-Just Results 

EUROPEAN 
WRAP 

A method of firming and toning the figure— unbelievable results 
— minimum loss 2o inches in IO treatments (8 to IO the first wrap) treatments includes steam bath, 
3o min. On our famous Niblack machines, I hr. in the wrap, series of IO , $135.oo or in­ dividual $15. Try one and you be the judge. 
To celebrate the opening of our reducing salon at our Jones-Maltsberger location we invite you to come join us. 

AN N O U N CIN G 
I 
Our Annual Mother’s Day special 
SIO off any Reducing Course—Niblack and Wrap 
J 
REGISTER FOR $ 1 o o GIFT CERTIFICATE | drawing to be at 4:oo p.m. Sat., May 7 
| 
2 o % OFF our entire S T O C K of S U M M E R 
I 
F A S H IO N S and A C C E S S O R IE S 
May 4-5 
(4 Days Only) 
May 6-7 \ 
SI! Come Shop for Mom!!! 

DO YOURSELF A FAVOR. 
Let Us Help You. 

FOR INFORMATION 
1 
CALL 
349-7661 
341-5622 
OF TEXAS 
Inc. 

 love is.. 

...wanting him more than anything, but playing hard to get. 

TM Reg U S PH OM - AU nghu fifin g * 
€ 1o77 Loa Angeles Time* 

Want Ads 
225- 1666; 

POISON IVY drive you crazy 
7 

Only child not so lonely 

Pavlovsky-Anton 

Miss Irene Florence 
Anton and James Anth­ ony 
Pavlovsky ex­ changed marriage vows, 
Saturday Im St. Sophia 
Clr*’ck Orthodox Church. 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. Peter 
C. Anton Sr. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Andy S. Pavlovsky. 
Honor attendant was 
Hallie Vamvoras. Maid of honor was Gail Clif­ ford. Other attendants were Mrs. Paul T. Pav- lovoky and Sue Marie 
Moore, both of Houston. 
Junior bridesmaid was 
Mary Anna Pavlovsky, sister of the groom. 
Serving as flower girls were Tammy Pavlovsky and Gillian Graham. 
Ringbearer was Paul Di- motsis. 
Best man was Al Aliz- zi. Groomsmen were 
Eddie Pavlovsky, Paul 
Pavlovsky and Mark 
Pavlovsky, brothers of the groom, and W illie 
Rivas. Ushers were Andy 
Pavlovsky, brother of the groom, John Graham and Robert Santos. Also assisting was Jon Gra­ ham. 
A reception was held at the church hall following the ceremony. 
After a honeymoon at the coast, the couple will live in Houston. 

In this second o f a four-part series, Ms. Williams, herself the parent o f an only child, talks about some o f the joys o f grow­ ing up soh — such as greater opportunities for solitude, for extra parental attention — and cautions against mistaking an­ il ness for loneliness. 

By PATRICIA 
WILLIAMS 
Copyright («) 1977 field Enterprise*. Inc. 

“ Oh, an only child. How sad. You must be so lonely.’’ Loneliness is often mentioned as an inevitable conse­ quence of being an only child. How­ ever, it need not be so. 
When thus questioned, Jack, an 
11-year-old boy, answered, “ Alone isn’t the same as lonely, you know. 
When I’m alone, I don’t sit around and think, ‘Gee, I’m lonesome and that’s because I don’t have brothers and sisters.’ 
“ I’ve got buddies to call if I want somebody around, but I like to do stuff by myself — like work on my elec­ tronics set or make up magic tricks.” 
His reply is echoed by many other only children interviewed. Allen, a noted geologist who has had the ad­ 

 venture of an Arctic expedition, sees the time spent in “ wiliness” as a natural training ground for his solitary researches today. 
Joyce, also a grown-up only child, has a strong appreciation for peace and solitude, in fact, says that she recognized this appreciation in her husband when they were dating — even before she learned that he, too, had been an only child. 
They now enjoy a “ fabulous rela­ tionship” — with each other and their only child. 
A 5o-year-old teacher recalls, “ I always had kids to play with, but I also enjoyed the option of being alone. We lived on the edge of the country, and I 

 used to go for long walks in the woods. 
“ Sometimes I would take a book and sit and read, but other times I just walked and thought and dreamed.’’ 
Daydreaming and giving the ima­ gination a regular workout are func­ tions that some psychologists see as helping to explain the superior intel­ lectual achievement of many only chil­ dren and often leading to careers in the arts. 
If the parents see the opportunity for solitude as the bonus, this feeling of good fortune will carry over to the child. 
A child without brothers and sisters usually tends to spend more time with adults. He learns early to think and speak as an adult — to identify with adults. 
This strong adult contact is cited repeatedly as an important factor in making the single child more mature and independent (contrary to popular myth) than other children of the same age. 
Eve, the mother of a 1o-year-old girl, says, “ I know I spend more time talk­ ing and listening to Michelle than I could if she had brothers and sisters. 
“ And, because we have only one, ifs so easy to travel, lo eat out, to do so many things and go so many places we couldn’t even afford to go to if we had several kids.” 
Obviously, there is no good reason for a single child to associate exclusively with adults. All children should learn to adjust and get along with others their own age. 
Nursery schools offer the very young a chance to “ mix and mingle” with others, as do visits to the park and neighborhood play. Later, after-school activities and overnight visits with friends can keep the social momentum going. 
Today, more than ever, there are many opportunities for children to participate in group activities with their peers. 
Siblings substitutes 

Although it is perhaps easier to learn about democracy and sharing right in the home through dealing with brothers and sisters, this same learning experience can be gained in pre-school, school and play. 
Moreover, many psychologists be­ lieve that social relationships can be 

 more satisfying and less disruptive than the sometimes fierce jealousies and rivalries that occur between si­ blings. 
When they do venture forth to school, only children do very well socially. 
Researchers have checked on nur- sery-sehoolers to find out how well they get along, how they fit into a group, how independent they are, who fights the most. 
Some findings: only children turned out to be less clinging, more indepen­ dent and more sociable than children from larger families? 
Of course, big families Tiave their own special joys and pleasures — but such families can also have propor­ tionate problems. 
Middle child, last child, oldest child, twin — each has been a gold mine for some psychologist as special problems unique to that child have been parsed and documented. With problems relat­ ing to family size, you can find them where you want to when you want to. No one is exempt. 
It is inescapable, however, that while being alone is often seen as a disad­ vantage for the single child, it is too often a luxury in which a child from a 

 large family cannot indulge. 
An only child is usually dramatized as being specially precious to itsf,flu ­ ents — perhaps one reason why so many occur in fairy tales that; h&y£ been passed on for generations. 
Just think of them all: Sleet****** 
Beauty, Snow White, Cinderella, .Jag! and the Beanstalk, Little Red Riding 
Hood. It’s doubly dramatic when the king’s “ only child” is doomed to sleep for years, is turned into a cold, gold statue, or is eaten by a wolf in grand­ mother’s clothing. 
Fallacious reasoning 

Because that child is so precious, parents are told to avoid “ putting all your eggs in one basket.” “ What if something should happen, God forbid, and you should lose that child? What would you do? You had better have another.” 
Parents of more than one child are the first to dismiss that argument, however. They know that each child is a loved individual and that the loss of one cannot be “ compensated for” 
TUESDAY: Pitfalls in Parenting an 
Only Child 
Ifs written in the stars 

Dear Ann Landers: I have heard many times that a Scorpio and a Sa­ gittarius should never marry. I never believed it but I do now. 
I’ve waited 5o years to tell the world. It’s too late for me but maybe it will prevent others from ruining their lives. 
Please comment, as I need to know why people who are born under con­ flicting signs have so much trouble. You DO believe in astrology, don’t you, Ann? — Sad 
And Sorry 

Dear S. and S.: No, I do not, but I know many highly intelligent people who do. Some of my friends wouldn’t dare make a significant (or insignificant) decision before consulting their horoscope. 
While I am not knock ing the True Believers neither am I ready to join them. 
The reason 
I am skeptical is this: In order for an astrologer to draw up a truly accurate hor­ oscope, he must know the individual’s exact mo­ ment of birth. 
He then charts the po­ sition of the sun, the moon and the eight plan­ ets as they appear above his birthplace. 
The placement and angular relationships of these bodies make up the natal chart. 
How many people know the exact moment when 

Ann 

Landers 

End the Tragedy of a 

GIVE YOUR CHILD 
OR GRANDCHILD 
A DRY BED 

When children discover that a playmate wets his bed, the result can be merciless teasing and serious psychological problems 
The entire family can be affected. 
The cost and work of taking care of a bedwettmg child can cause friction and irritability among parents it is quite possible that your child 
_ _ _ _ _ will EVENTUALLY outgrow bedwetting, but what happens until that time comes? Medical authorities have stated that a bedwettmg child feels that he is a disgrace to his family. 
Statistics prove that a bedwetting child achieves below his real ability in school, And the child is embarrassed and ashamed. 
But, now, bedwetting, when not caused by organic defect or disease, can be ended. Safely Permanently. 
Our method is endorsed by many doctors. Read their state­ ments in our 16 page brochure: "Is There A Solution’" Also read what other people say who have had the same prob­ lem. Send this coupon for your free copy 
No cost or obligation. 

I I 

 s q u a l l y s f f i c t i v s f o r a d u l t s 

Mail to PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL 
P O BOX 32574 Son Antonio, Te*os 78216 

Pare ms 
Name__ 

PARENTS 
V w* 
A o n l ' 

Address* 

City- 

Z.p- 
-Phone. 

>97o Pacilie ["lei-national LIU. 

I 
-Child’s A ge- .................. 
| 
(Must be 4 or older) 
| 

RECOMMENDED AND USED BY MANY M O V 

 they were born? See what 
I mean? 
Dear Ann Landers: 
I haven’t spoken to my brother’s wife in seven years. It would take the whole newspaper to tell you the entire story, so 
I’ll just say she did me unbelievable dirt and I have never been able to forgive her. 
My daughter is getting married in a few months and I want the wedding to be a happy occasion. I know my mother will be sad if my brother and his wife are not present. 
(He refuses to come without her even though he knows she was in the wrong and has told me so.) 
My other two sisters say she (the one who did me the dirt) should apo­ logize and then I should invite her. 
But the girl is as stub­ born as a Missouri mule. 
I ’m sure she’d die first. 
What should I do? — 
Open For Suggestions 
Dear Open: 
Don’t let the Missouri mule spoil a beautiful day. Go to her and say, “ Let’s forget the past. I want you to attend my daughter’s wedding and make it a happy day for everyone — especially 
Mother.” 
M y size 

 i: annoying thing in your life, you’re plenty lucky, lady. 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I tam a 16-year-old girl whose 15-year-old brother is driving not only ME nuts, but the whole fami­ ly as well. All he thinks about is his hair. 
‘ There is only one full 
'bathroom in this house. 
<— We all have to wait to get in because Erie is either shampooing his golden locks or using the blow- dryer. 
Would you believe he goes through this routine every morning and every evening and on weekends it’s three times a day?!. 

Erie helps himself to all my hairspray, rollers, pins, shampoo, condi­ tioner — whatever he can lay his hands on. This kid is' in front of the mirror about 8o per cent of the time. 

All last summer he wouldn’t go swimming because he was afraid of getting his hair wet and there might not be a blow-dryer handy. 

When it rains he puts on a plastic hood and looks like a dunce. Any suggestions on how to cure this loon of what ap­ pears to be an obsession with his hair? — Sis 

Dear Sis: 
He’s 15? 
Time is your best ally. In the meantime, the family should insist he blow-dry elsewhere and free up the bathroom. And YOU should make him buy his own beauty supplies, Sis. 

C O N FID EN TIAL to 
Petrified Of The Future 
And Looking For So- 

-piething to Hang On to: 
Just remember 
Murphy’s law: “ Everyth­ ing that can go wrong — will.” Once you are pre­ pared for total disaster, anything less will make you feel fortunate. 

C O N FID EN TIAL to 
Made My Own Bed and 
Crying a River: Turn off the waterworks, Toots, you’re wasting the natur­ al resources. Sometimes a hard bed can be better for the spine than a soft one. Chalk this one up as a learning experience and you’ll come out of it a much wiser and stronger person. 

How to — and how much? Find out with Ann 
Landers’s new booklet. 

“ How, What, and When to 
Tell Your Child About 
Sex.” For your copy, send 5o cents in coin along with a long, stamped, self-addressed envelope to Ann Landers, care of The Express, Box 
2171. San Antonio, Tex. 
78297. 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I haw a cousin who is ex­ actly my size. We are both married to nice guys but Mabel’s husband has never made much mon­ ey, which is kind of too bad because she loves good clothes. 
I frequently let her borrow dresses, coats, and hats, which she al­ ways returns promptly and in good condition. 
But twice last week when 
I was standing with my cousin, someone said to me, “ I see Y O U are wearing Mabel’s great- looking dress tonight.” 
Both times 
Mabel heard the remark and didn’t say a word. Am I being petty to expect her to set the record straight? 
— A Little Annoyed 
Dear A.L.A.: This is a problem? I am printing your letter to give my readers an idea of what some people’s lives are like. If this is the most 

I 

 v p t f 

The hardest part of los­ ing weight is getting started. Super O D R IN E X , taken as directed, can give your will power that extra push it may need to start losing weight today. 
Begin with this am azing tiny tablet. You’ll east less 
— turn food into burned- up energy instead of extra weight as you follow the 
Plan. 
Simple and effective, the Super O D R IN E X Diet 
Plan will enable you to lose pounds and inches without getting nervous 
— or money back from mfg. 
Start today with 
Super O D R IN E X and see the difference in your mir­ ror. 
You owe if to yourself. 
SUPER 
ODRINEX elm year wM pm)* md is mn psi 

I 'V c rfq -t e & c i. 
D R U G 
ST O R ES 

SHORTHAND 
CLASS 

Begins 

Wednesday, May 4th 

 fox tech E 
NIGHT SCHOOL 
637 N. Main 
Call 226-1295 

 r ANTED 

Managers, Assistant Managers, Cashiers, Sales 
People, Window Trimmers, Manager Trainees positions now Open VILLAGE CASUALS Apparel. m. ~ 
Shops experience preferred. 
~ 
Good starting salary and excellent employee benefits. 
Z- 
Call 736-2474 or send comprehensive resume to 
Village Casuals, 4o17 Fredericksburg Rif, 
San Antonio, 782o1 
Attn. Mrs. Herrera 

MOTHER’S 
DAY 
SPECIAL 

Spring-styled pantsuits on 

 special sale . . . what 

 better way to honor the 

 day for that special 

 ladyl Choose from 

Lenny’s large selection. 

Many different colors in 

 patterns and solids. 

There'll be one that’s 

 just her style! 1oo% 

 polyester. Sizes 8 to 
16. 

> 1 5 

Reg. $3o.oo 

Use your Lenny’s Charge, 

Shoppers Charge, Master 

Charge of BankAmericard. 

North Star Mal! 
Hillcrest 
Dellcrest 
McCreless 
North Towne Plaza 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS- 
■V 

-Monday May 2 1977 

Mid-life—a time for honesty 

Bv MARY ANN 
BENGTSON 
Assistant Women’s 
Editor 

“ F a t and forty” was a label that po­ pularly described middle age when most of us were wishing we were old enough to vote and buy a beer. 
A look at the Farrah 
Fawcett-Majors com­ m ercials on television confirms the suspicion that this unkind label is 

 still haunting us middle agers. 
Everyone is taught that youth is ideal and anyth­ ing, else is inferior. The culturally induced shame of being old is intense in our society. 

 lf we can’t “ be young.” we are exhorted to at least try to “ look young” and the sad result is that we just look silly in our too tight T's and our too short skirts. 
Let’s face it. Trying to camouflage those middle age hips under a flounced wrap-around is about as effective as attempting to hide an elephant in short grass. 
The woman’s version of the mid-life crisis seems insurmountable. 
An extra pound here and a gray hair there make her aware that the only whistle she will hear is from her tea kettle. 
The loss of her child­ bearing and rearing func­ tion marks the end of her career. Suddenly she is unemployed. 
Husband 

All this at a time when her husband is looking handsome with his maturity and has reached the height of his profes­ sion. 
She has been taught to be a good woman, to stay 

Sh e ’ll Love H er “M OTH ER’S D A Y GIFT” from “ C O O K IE S”. . . and 
Y o u’ll Love the Savings!!! 
VERY FAM O US LABEL M ISSES’ & JR. 
• JUMPSUITS 
• SUN DRESSES 
A DAZZLING 
SELECTION IN 
THIS SEASON’S 
MOST DESIRED 
ITEMS 

SAVE LOTS OF 
$$$ 

NOW! 

MISSES & JR. 
• SWIM SUITS 
• I PC. 
• 2 Pc. 
UP 
• Bikinis 
TO I/2 

FAMOUS 
LABEL 
OFF 
ORIG. 
RETAIL 
PRICES 

• DRESSES • PANTSUITS 
A BEAUTIFUL 
„ 
SflECTION OF 
% 
oRIG. 

SPRING & SUMMER U P # 
% 
RETAIL 
STYLES 
JO M m f prices 

MISSES & JR. FAM OUS LABEL 
T-TOPS 

$ 3 47 
HUNDREDS OF 
• T-TOPS 
ORIG. VAL. 
$7 To $18 
UP 

• SHORTS 
• JEANS 
• BLAZERS 
• SKIRTS 
• PANTS 

SAVE 
UP 
TO 6o% 

OFF 
ORIG. 
RETAIL 
PRICES 

WE HONOR 
SS 

FACTORY OUTLET 
447 W . HILDEBRAND 
733-9o41 

Open Mon. & Thurs. ’til 8 
Daily & Sat. ’til 6 p.m. 

 i f 
1 M 

 mf * rn* ,-r m'-w 
Off. 
*. 
M 

 m'f-i'o mtte-r. 

... ACROSS THE COUNTRY 
FLOWER SERVICE, cable address “KELLYSCHER” a new specialized service for San Antonio guaranteeing your satisfaction in flowers by wire from 
Kelly Scherrer 

 at home and wash tne socks. She did and look where it got her! 
Dr. Nelson Meckel, psychologist at the Ecu­ menical Center for Reli­ gion and Health and di­ rector training at 
Southwest Research In­ stitute, points to the rea­ sons for this crisis. 
“ There is the realiza­ tion that the myth of im­ mortality is shattered. 
The illusion of perpetual youth is gone. 
“ When we’re young we think there is plenty of time to achieve, to accomplish—there is for­ ever and forever... 
• “ The realization of our mortality causes us to re-appraise where we are. We call this the 
“ middle age crisis.” I personally prefer to think of this as the “ middle age opportunity.” 
Meckel continued, “ I think it is fortunate that it occurs to us at middle age while there is still time to change. If we didn’t have this crisis, we would retain the illusion of youth until we were too old to do anything about it. Too old to change.” 
Alcohol 

Some middle agers tend to overreact to their situation. They may turn to alcohol to escape. 
Some retreat into hy- pochrondria and others just give up. 

Meckel says, ‘‘Much depends on your self-con- eept. If you feel like you are in control of your life, this is helpful. If you are active, involved, it is not so important that your hair is turning gray.” 
He emphasizes that this is a time to re-exa­ mine goals, to strip away pretense, a time to be honest. 
Ask “ Who am I? ’’ 
“ Where am I going?” 
“ What do I want to do with the rest of my life?” 
He stresses that you must face the crisis, ad­ mit that it is happening. 
It is helpful to talk about the loss of youth, the shattering of dreams with your mate or a friend. 

NELSON MECKEL 

And in this re-exaimn- ation, question those values, those goals you have not been able to achieve. Are they mean­ ingful to you or were they given to you in childhood by your parents or your peers? Were they so­ mething that you picked up trying to keep up with the Joneses? 

Most important of all, do they have any mean­ ing for you today? 
“ I’m not saying tone down your dreams or goals, but be sure your goals are still meaningful,” he adds. 
“ Life is like a slate with chalk and an eraser. You can erase what isn’t ap­ propriate.” 
The most positive aspect of this time span is the realization that mid­ dle agers have power, pay the bills and make the decisions that affect the other four-fifths of the country’s population. 
Middle agers are inde- spensable. They have ex­ perienced life in the only way that is meaningful— they have lived it. They have withstood the test of time. 
In her book, “ The Mid­ dle Age Crisis,” Barbara 
Fried says, “ Middle agers are best qualified to run the country be­ cause they are wiser than 
Nominees due in teen contest 

There are only two days left to nominate teens in the 
Exprees-News an­ nual search for Bex­ ar 
County’s 
Out­ standing Teen-agers. 
Nominations must be made by 5 p.m. Wednes­ day. 
The boy and girl cho­ sen from your letters will receive a $5o U.S. Sav­ ings Bond and a recogni­ tion plaque. 
AND this year — for the first time — both will will be awarded a $1,ooo 

TO ORDER BY PHONE CALL 
735-6184 

Your Mother loves you, so call or come in today and send her this bright bouquet in its own hand-painted ceramic pitcher 
A perfect way to say. I love you. too 
She ll love you even more for it 

•£<19?6 Florists Transw orld Delivery 

• 326 W. Josephine and 
• At Wonderland (155 Gill) 
Kelly Scherrer 

CITY 
WIDE 
DELIVERY 

 college scholarship. 
The scholarships are being given by Skillern's 
Drugs, which has 
12 stores in San Antonio. 
Skillern’s also will award 
$1,ooo scholarships to three runners-up. 
Each year since 1958 the Express-News has recognized the Top Teen boy and girl who possess qualities of understand­ ing, judgment, friendli­ ness, scholastic ability and community and 
. school involvement. 
Any student in grades nine through 12 in any 
Bexar 
County 
High 
School may be nominat­ ed. 

Any Bexar County res­ ident may nominate the teen of his choice. The letters may come from parents, cousins, pastor, friend, boss, etc. 

Tell us those qualities which make your teen special. 

Those writing letters nominating the two Top 
Teens each will receive a 
$25 savings bond. 

Letters of nomination must be brought or mailed to the Women’s 
Department of the Ex­ press-News, third floor of the 
Express 
News, 
Avenue E and Third 
Street. 

Address letters to Out­ standing Teen-ager, San 
Antonio 
Express-News, 
Box 2171, San Antonio, 
Tex. 78297. 

The teen-ager’s name, parents’ or guardians’ names and a telephone number where the teen or a member of the fa­ mily can be reached dur­ ing the day should be in­ cluded. 

Don’t forget, the dead­ line is 5 p.m. Wednesday, 
May 4. 

Fashion show will be ‘hot’ 
“ Hut 
Summer 
Things,” a multi-media fashion production, will be shown at I p.m. in the 
Grand Court of North 
Star Mall. 
Menswear and wn- menswear from mall stores will be featured in the production — swim­ wear, poolside lounge- wear, and evening wear. 

 the young, stronger than the old and freer than either. Middle agers call the tune, not only because they pay the piper, but also because they have written and really know the score.” 
Change 

According to Meckel,, change or choice is a po­ sitive concomitant of middle age. With the children grown and the mortgage paid, middle agers are free to be themselves, to go back to school, to change jobs, to try a second occupation, to move to another part of the country, to travel. 
It is in the area of changing jobs that the thrust of the women’s movement is having its greatest effects. It is stressing that a woman, w hatever her age, has the right to contribute to so­ ciety, the right to be a person and to have her own inherent identity. 
Her identity is no longer merely derived from be­ ing someone’s daughter or someone’s wife. 
At mid-life the concept 

ALLEN ’S 
FLOWERS & GIFTS 
Arts & Antiques 
21o1 McCullough 
734-6441 

WELCHS 

FLOWERS, INC. 

The Milam Bldg. 
226-7673 

DIETERT 

THE FLORIST 

1214 S. Hackberry 
534-6189 

THE ROSE 
SHOP, INC. 

19o3 San Pedro 
732-1161 

NIPPER'S 

FLOWER SHOP 

531 McCullough 
227-8246 

STAR 

FLORAL CO. 

218 E. Josephine St 
223-2693 

HAUSER 

FLORAL CO. 

1722 E. Commerce 

227-16o6 

 or 227-6271 

BERNIER 

FLOWERS & GIFTS 
Flowers of Distinction 
1315 Cupples Rd. 
433-1441 

DUSTY’S 

FLOWERS & GIFTS 

331o W. Commerce 

433-9361 

GLODT 

FLOWERS, INC. 

37o3 Broadway 
828-1471 

 keUy-scherrer 
F L O W E R S 
735-6184 

FLOWERS 
BY JO 
2512 
S.W. Loop 41o 
673-o771 

DELIVIEW-MEDICAL 
CENTER FLORIST 

754o Louis Pasteur 

69o-oo6o 

BLOSSOM 
SHOP, INC. 
1924 N. Main 
734-5154 

AAA 

FLOWER SHOP 

McCreless Plaza Mall 

532-3295 

 that a woman can have a career, can express crea­ tivity ivS very valid, 
Meckel says. But it is difficult to reconcile with the old admonition to stay home and wash the socks. 
Meckel adds. “ One of the important contribu­ tions of Christianity to civilization is the idea that both men and women are of equal value before 
God; and. in fact, much of the early emphasis on the 
Virgin Mary was a con­ scious effort to elevate the status of women from chattel to the position of human being.’’ 
It is with her develop­ ment as a human being that a woman must c ry s­ tallize her plan for growth and achievement in her latter years. 
“ Education and growth are lifelong responsibil­ ities and opportunities for all of us,” Meckel says. “ People are like wine, they develop char­ acter with age.” 
And character is what we need to live middle for all its worth. It may be the best time our lives. 

A Panama Canal cruise with Poyal Piking Lim. theres nothing else like it. 

PER PERSON COST $1,863.oo - $2,311.oo 

G RO U P ESCORTED FROM SA N A N TO N IO 
OCTOBER 31 - N O V EM BER 16 
For Details Come In . . . Or Call Ut Now . . . 

Ybur Mother loves you. 
Send her the 
FTD Big Hug Bouquet I 

Send your Mother the FTD Big Hug 
Bouquet—bright, happy flowers in an imported ceramic pitcher, hand- painted by the finest European craftsmen. A beautiful way to show how much you love her. Your FTD Florist can send your gifts almost r /Y j^ anywhere by wire, the FTD nj 
Af 
4* way. (Most FTD Florists accept 
7 major credit cards.) 
FTD Big 
Hug Bouquet usually available for less than 

FTD 

FTD Super Big Hug 
Bouquet, with extra flowers to send extra special love! 
An extraordinary gift. 
Usually available for less than r n ™ 

Mother’s Day Is 
Sunday, May 8. 
So please, order early. 

Say FTD, and be sure... worldwide. 

*As an independent businessman, each 
FTD Member Florist sets his own prices. 
© 1977 Florists’ 
Transworld Delivery. 

FTD Big Hug ll, lovely green planted version with fresh flower accents— in hand-painted pitcher. 
Usually available for less than $ 15o 
o 
‘ 

ARTHUR PFEIL 
SMART FLRS. 

8o3 W. Ashby 
734-5166 

FLOWERS BY 

LUMLEYS 

23 f5 S. Hackberry 

534-5486 

HUGHS 
BROADWAY 
FLORIST WEST 
FLOWER SHOP 

Vailey-Hi Mall 
511o Broadway 

673-3873 
826-o691 

THE ARBOR 
ELISABETH WEIR 
NO. I 
FLOWERS 

North Star Mall 
4116 Blanco 

349-3647 
736-1591 

 keHy-scherrerl 
F L O W E R S 

735-6184 

LA VERNE’S 
FLWS. N.E. 

5451 Wa lze rn 
656-7878 

P a g e 
4 - B 
H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 

M AYO R BOB WHITTMORE of Windcrest cuts ribbon t o o p e n n e w Sterling 
Sound 
When you’re ready for weather, you’re ready for 

ASHMORE 

The Broadcasters Seal o f Approval from the 
American Meterological Society for Radio and 
Television Broadcasting. Few weathercasters in the Nation have that Seal o f Approval. Only one in San Antonio: Jud Ashmore. And he’s serious about the weather. Surd, he has fun. In fact, one o f the longest love affairs this city has known is between San Antonio and Jud. H e’ll tell you the weather straight. Jud knows more about the weather than almost anyone. We feel Jud Ashmore is the best weatherman. On Earth. On Newswatch 
At six and ten on Twelve. 

Sterling 
Sound in 4th store 

The fourth San Antonio area Sterling Sound offi­ cially has opened at 4933 
Walzem Rd. in Wind­ crest. 
Windcrest Mayor Bob 
Whittmore presided over the ribbon cutting cere­ monies. 
Sterling Sound is the retail division of Sterling 
Electronics Corp., with over 3o company-owned stores in Texas and Lo­ uisiana. 
“ Through our exper­ ience in the electronics field, we realize that much of the equipment we sell is highly techni­ cal. and that terms and descriptions commonly used are unfamiliar to the la y m a n ,” said a company spokesman. 
“ So we have provided our sales personnel with specialized training in electronic gear. 
“ Sterling works to sell products custom er un­ derstand and need,” he added. “ Regardless of the size or range of our inventory, it does our customers little good un­ less they know what they are buying. 
“ Our personnel are trained to understand those needs in order to provide a customer with the products he wants.” 
Sterling Sound carries citizen’s band and elec­ tronic equipment by such makers as Pioneer, Sony, 
Panasonic, and Ken­ wood, among others. 

6 donor sites are selected 

The Blood Mobile of the South Texas Regional 
Blood Bank will make six area visits this week for the convenience of volun­ teer blood donors. 
The schedule is: 

Monday and Tuesday, 
Cromalloy, Turbine Sup­ port, 4431) Director St., 
2:3o-5 p.m. 

T uesday, 
Sm ithson 
Valley High School on 
Highway 46 in Smithson 
Valley, 8:45 a.m. to 12:3o p.m. 

W ednesday, 
Roger 
Center, 4538 Centerview 
Drive, 9:3o a.m. to 12:3o p.m. 

T hursday, 
Planned 
Parenthood Center, 156 
W arren St., 9:3o-11:3o a.m. 

F riday, 
F ruehauf 
Corp., 54oo N. Pan Am 
Expressway. 

P ersons w ishing to m ake volunteer blood donations may visit the 
Blood Mobile at those lo­ cations or contact the 
South Texas Regional 
Blood Bank, 7o78 San 
Pedro Ave. 

I l l — Deaths 

A G U I L A R 
Mr. Norciso B Aguilar. 49, 3296 
Ogden Ave., Odgen, utah, died in that city Friday, April 29, 1977. 
S u r v iv o r s : W ife. M r s . Ire n e 
Acuna A gu ilar; daughter, M rs. 
Yolonda G arcia , son, M r. Lu is 
Aguilar; parents, M r and M rs. 
Pascual A gu ilar; grandm other, 
Mrs. Cresencia Borrego; sisters, 
Mrs. Antonia Borrego, M rs. Anita 
Franco, M rs. M aria Molina, M rs. 
M a ria de Je su s C am pos, M rs. 
M anuela Aguirre, M rs Victoria 
Garcia, Mrs. Amotia Garcia, M rs. 
Este r Escobedo; brothers, M r. 
Jose, M a rc a d io , P a s c u a l Jr., 
D o m in g o , and M r. M a r ia n o 
Aguilar; I grandson, Steuort M. 
Garcia. Rosary Monday 7:oo p.m. 
The A n g e lu s C hapel. F u n e ra l 
Tue-.dav 8:45 a m. The Angelus 
Chapel, follow ed by R e q u ie m 
M a s s 9 a m. S a n F e r n a n d o 
Cathedral. Interment In Ft. Sam 
Houston Notional Cemetery. A r­ rangements bv 

T H E 
A N G E L U S 
F U N E R A L 
H O M E 
Henry Guerra 
227-1461 

A L E X A N D E R 
M r George P. Alexander Sr., 55, died A p ril 3o. S e rv ic e s 2 p.m. 
Monday, M ay 2 Roy A kers Fun­ eral Chapels. Interm ent Sunset 
Memorial Park. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

A Y L M E R 
John P. Avlm er, age 74, of i l l 
Bethany Pl., died Saturday, April 
3o, 1977. He w as a m em ber of 
Christ Episcopal Church; a dis­ tinguished Alum nus of W ashing­ ton and Lee University and a Life 
Member of Sigm a Alpha Epsilon. 
Survivors: Sister, M rs. Richard 
B. Knight, Sr.; nephews. Richard 
8 Knight, Jr. and Pat Knight, all of San Antonio. Service Tuesday of 3 o'clock in the Colonial Chapel of the Porter Lorin g M o rtuary, 
Rev. John H. M acN au gh to n of­ ficiating. Interment in City Cem e­ tery No. S. Arrangem ents with 
Porter Loring 
1 tot M c C u llo u g h 227-1221 

B R U C E 
Millard B. Bruce, age 78, passed aw ay Su n d ay, M a y I, 1977 in 
K e rrville , Texas. F u n e ra l s e r ­ vices will be conducted 1o:oo a.m. 
Tuesday. M ay 3 in M ission Park 
Chapel with interment to follow in 
M is s io n B u r ia l P a r k . A r r a n ­ gements bv 

MISSION PAHR 
FUNERAL c h a p e ls 
17oo S E Military Or. 

Area deaths 

CO LD EW EY, 
Mrs. 
Janie, 
76, of Westhoff. 
Services at IO a.m. Tues­ day at Vinyard Funeral 
Home, Floresville. 
NOVAK, Mrs. Frances, 
84. of Floresville. Ser­ vices at 9:3o a.m. Monday at 
Vinyard 
Funeral 
Home, Floresville. 

IF YOU THINK HE EATS ONLY BEANS 
AND ToRTIILAS.LooK AGAIN. 

That's not a taco he's eating. 
And if you thought he was an unlikely prospect spaghetti, you don’t know beans about the San 
Antonio market. Or the Mexican Americans that make up 54% of it. 
Because the average Mexican American consumer buys the same things as his Anglo counterpart. From donuts to dishwashers. 
Shampoo to leisure suits. 
The only thing that makes him different as a consumer, is that he likes to be talked to in 
Spanish. 
That's w here KLOK comes in. 

 for 
It's a radio station that speaks his language. Effec­ tively. So effectively, in fact, that for over 2o years 
KCOIi has remained the number one choice of 
Spanish-speaking San Antonians. And has con­ sistently been one of the top three stations in overall adult listenership. 
Meanwhile, it's been just as effective in selling its advertisers’ products. Like Tang. And Accent. 
And dozens of other products that don’t seem 
‘Mexican’. 
So give us a call today at 225-2751. And let 
KCOR open your eyes to the facts. While it opens up a whole new market for 

HUFFORD 
. . .Danforth associate 
Teacher is named associate 

Dr. Larry Hufford of 
Incarnate Word College has been named a Dan­ forth Associate of the 
Danforth Foundation in 
St. Louis. 
Hufford is a member of the political science faculty and is completing his one year term as the 
College’s interim 
Academic Dean. 
According to Danforth 
Foundation president 
Gene L. Schwilck there are 6,ooo Danforth As­ sociates on more than 9oo 
American campusess. 
The program was ini­ tiated by the foundation to strengthen the person­ al dimension of under­ graduate education and to recognize and encour­ age effective teaching. 
Conferences 
The six-year appoint­ ment. which includes the nominees spouse, will enable Dr. and Mrs. 
Hufford to attend three biennial regional confer­ ences as guests of the foundation and to apply to the College Project 
Fund for support of special activities on campus. 
Up to $2,ooo can be granted for projects related to improving the quality of teaching and learning. 
Hufford earned his B.S. at Ohio State, the M.A. at 
Miami U niversity of 
Ohio, and the Ph.D. from the London School of 
Economics. 
He has worked as a Vista volun­ teer in South Texas and has studied widely in 
Sweden where he wrote and published the book leke-Vale (non-violence) and several articles on 
Swedish politics and economics. 

Death Notices 

144— Fwneral Directors 

-A N G E L U S F U N E R A L H L - 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
M2 UU Houston 
227-U4I 

111— Deaths 

C A R R I E R 
Or. O liver C a rrie r Jr. of I SOU 
Heimer Rd. entered into rest Sa­ turday, April 3o, 1977 at tbe age of 
S4 years. Survivors: Wife, M rs. 
M ary Francis Carrier; sons, Ge­ rald Oliver Carrier, Robert Leroy 
Carrier, Richard Wayne Carrier; daughters, M rs. Deborah Carrier 
Karm es, M iss Sharon Jo y C a r­ rie r; b ro th ers, P a u l C a rr ie r, 
Robert Carrier, Jerry Carrier; 2 grand child re n. R o sa ry will be recited M onday evening at 1:3o p.m. in the Oak H ills M o rtuary 
Chapel. Funeral M ass will be held 
Tuesday m orning af 1o:oo a.m. in the Holy Spirit Catholic Church, 
758 W. Ram sey with Rev Thom as 
Murphy officiating interment will follow at M ission Park North Bu­ rial Park, in lieu of flowers family requests contributions to be made to Texas Heart Association. A r ­ rangements under the direction of 

 r n 
6o36 fred* rick (burg gad- 7111 

C A R R I L L O 
M R . L O U IS M A R ­ 
T IN E Z C A R R IL L O . 
1oo7 W. M agn olia, born in Greenville, 
Miss., Nov. IO, 1928, entered rest 
Friday, April 29,1977 of the age of 
48 years. 
R O SA R Y -SU N D A Y , 8:oo P M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S 
M A SS-M O N D A Y , 3:oo P M 
ST. A N N S C H U R C H 
21o St. Anns St. 
Rev. Joseph Deane as celebrant and interment following in Sunset 
Memorial Park. Survivors: Wife, 
Mrs. Louis (Herm elinda) C arril­ lo; d aughters, M rs. A u g u stin e 
(Linda) Perez, Houston, Texas, 
M rs. G uad alu pe (G lo ria ) H e r­ nandez, City; sons, Louis, Jr. and 
Daniel Carrillo, Jesse Sanchez, 
City; sisters, M rs. R oy (Josie ) 
Gonzalez, M rs. Frank (R osa) Pa­ checo, City, M iss Petra Carrillo, 
Chicago, III., M iss Cayetana C ar­ rillo, M iss M aria Carrillo, both of 
C orpus Christi, Tex.; brothers, 
Amado Carrillo, Jr., Joe Chavez, 
Antonio R odriguez, and Ruben 
Avila, all of Corpus Christi, Tex.; 
7 grandchildren. Mr. Carrillo was a member of St. A nn’s Catholic 
Church and has been a lifelong resident of San Antonio. Services under the direction of a member of The Lelon Cude Fam ily of 

/ I k s iQ fo jK O 
. 225-5731 
N, Alam o at Brooklyn 

C R A N E 
Mr. Stephen Lewis Crane, 22,743S 
Westshire St., died April 29. Se r­ vice 1o:15 a.m. Monday, M a y 2, 
St. S o p h ia G re e k O rth o d o x 
Church, interment Ft. Sam H ous­ ton National Cemetery. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

D U K E 
M r. E lw y n H a rv e y “ B u d d ie " 
Duke, age 65, 45o Su sse x. San 
Antonio, Texas, passed away in a local hospital. M r. D uke w as a member ol the Cokesbury M eth­ odist Church and resided in San 
Antonio for 4o years. Survivors: 
Wife, M rs. Vivian Sollock Duke; son, Norman Favor; sister, Mrs. 
Vera Duke; 3 grandchildren, M i­ chael Favor, Vickie Van Winkle and Tim othy R ay Favor, all of 
San Antonio, T e xas. S e rv ic e s 
Tuesday IO a.m. Southside F u n ­ eral Home Chapel with Rev. Les­ ter Haynes officiating. Interment follows at R oselaw n M e m o ria l 
Park. Direction of 

63o1 S. Floras 
922-6339 

G A IT A N 
M r s . J e s u s a C. C a tta n . 1631 
Lam anda St., born in Floresville, 
Texas April 12, 1881 entered rest at the age of 96 years. M rs. Gallon had been a lifetim e resident of 
San Antonio. R osary will be recit­ ed in the Chapel of Roses at North 
Parte M ortuary Monday, M a y 2 at 
7:oo p.m. Requiem M a ss will be offered Tuesday, M a y 3 at 9:oo a.m. from St. Anthony of Padua 
Catholic Church, 1o2 Lorenz St. 
Concluding services will follow in 
S e lm a C e m e te ry. S u r v iv o r s : 
Daughters, M rs. Miguel (Aurora) 
Lopez, M rs. V ic to r (D o lo re s ) 
Martinez, M rs. Roberto (Jam i) 
C h a v e z ; son, J e su s C a n tu ; brothers, Manuel Cantu, Teodoro 
Cantu; 8 grand child ren and ll great-gran dchild re n. S e rv ic e s under the direction of tartly ipctrk 
IHnrtuartj 

5 I I Fredericksburg 
7 3 4 -3313 

G O N Z A L E S 
M r. John B. Gonzales. P.O. Box 
1178 Port O ’Connor, Tex., born in 
Port O ’Connor, Tex. June 24, 192o entered rest Saturday, A p ril 29, 
1977 at the age of 56 years. R osary will be recited in the M ax M artin­ ez Chapel Monday, M ay 2 at 7.oo p.m. Requiem M a s s w ill be of­ fered Tuesday, M ay 3 at 9: is a.m. from St. M argaret M ary Catholic 
Church, 1314 F air Ave. Conclud­ ing services will follow in F ort 
Sam Houston National Cemetery. 
Survivors: Mother, M rs. Sara P. 
G o n z a le s of S e a d rift, T e x .; daughters, M rs. Arnold (G loria 
Ann) Wells Jr., of Seattle, W ash , 
M rs. Cresencio (M a ry Cristine) 
Onotre of San Antonio, M iss Dalia 
Linda Gonzales; sons. John Joe, 
Rudolph Ellis, Raym ond Russell, 
Walter Elroy Gonzales, all of San 
A ntonio; siste rs, Isa b e l L ord , 
Clara Ureste, Eleanor G. B re n ­ nan, E m ilia C hano, M a r g a r e t 
R u d le d ge ; b ro th e rs, R e fu gio , 
Frank, Manuel, Hugo, Henry and 
Eddie Gonzales; 6 grandchildren. 
Services under the direction of 
Max fHartmrx 
2o13 W. Martin 
22 7 -6 2 1 ) 

G R E E N W A L D 
M R . F R A N K G R E E N ­ 
W A L D , 
1o7 G e o rg e 
M u c k D r., K e rrv ille , 
Texas, born in Sugatag, 
Hungary, Sept. 23, 1898, entered rest Thursday, 
April 27, 1977 at the age of 79 years. 
S E R V IC E S 
M O N D A Y — 1:45 P.M. 
A L A M O C H A P E L S with Rev. Neil W eatherhogg of­ ficiating and interment to follow in 
Ft. Sam Houston Natl. Cemetery u n d e r the a u sp ic e s of A rm y 
Lodge No. 11o5, A F & A M . S u r ­ vivors: Wife, M rs. W illie Neill 
Greenwald; daughter, M rs. Jack 
(Jan ice ) C lab orn, C ity; sons, 
Frank W. Greenwald, Florence, 
Ala., Floyd U. Greenwald, Kent, 
Wash., C harle s M. G reenw ald, 
City, John F. Greenwald, Rolla, 
Mo.; IS grandchildren, 5 great grandchildren. M r. G reenw ald was a member of 1st Presbyter­ ian Church, Kerrville, Texas and a member of Kerrville Lodge No. 
697, AF& AM , of Kerrville, Texas. 
Services under the direction of a m em b er of T he L e lo n C ud e 
Family of 

7 1 k /t 
.225-5731 
N. Alam o ot.BroQklyn 

H A N S B O R O U G H 
M r. D e v o u s H a n sb o ro u g h , 66, 
5447 Encino Park died April 3o, 
1977. M e m b e r O rfo rd U nite d 
Methodist Church, resident of San 
Antonio for 45 years. Survivors: 
Wife, Mrs. M argaret L. Hansbor­ ough; daughter, M rs. G aynelle 
Ricks, both of San Antonio; son, 
M r . 
C h a r le s 
H a n s b o r o u g h , 
B oe rn e, T e x a s ; s ist e r, M r s . 
Je ann ette A rm b r u s t e r, L o s 
Angeles, C alif.; brothers, Col. 
J W. Hansborough, Austin, Texas, 
M r. Norm an Honsborough, Hous­ ton, Texas; 6 grandchildren. Ser­ vices 3:3o p.m. Monday, M a y 2, 
Sunset Funeral Home, Rev. Phil­ lip Robberson officiating, inter­ ment Sunset Mem orial Park. Ac­ tive p a llb e a r e r s for 
M r. 
Hansborough service will be M r. 
Herbert Boid!, M r. Jim Perkins, 
M r Tommy Thompson Mr. Don 
Poole, M r. Don G ram m e r, and 
Mr. D B Wolds 
SUNSETS 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 828-2811 

141— Deaths 

H A R P O L E 
Col. E a r l Y . H a rp o le , U S A P 
(R et.), age 75, of 23oo N a c o g ­ doches, died F rid a y , A p ril 29, 
1977. He was a member of the San 
Antonio Scottish Rite Bodies; Ai- zator Shrine; M atagorda Lodge 
No. 7, M atagorda, Tx.; Canyon 
C re e k 
C o u n try 
C lu b ; and graduate of Texas A A M , Class of 
1924. Survivors: Wife, M rs. Lucite 
W. H arp ole ; brother, Tom M. 
H arp ole ; niece, M rs. C a rm e n 
Steves; nephew, Roy R. Steves, all of San Antonio. Service M on ­ day at I o'clock in the Georgian 
Chapel of the Porter Loring M o r­ tuary with Chap. H a rry Tim m s officiating, in te rm e n t in C ity 
Cemetery No. 6. Arrangem ents with 
Boder Loring 
I lo t M c C u llo u g h 227-1221 

M A T A 
Mr. Cirilo B. Mato of 771 Pyron 
Ave. entered into rest on April 3o, 
1977 at a local hospital at the age of 72 years. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. 
M aria M. M ala; son, Santiago M. 
Mato; daughters, M rs. Antonio 
Montez, M rs. Valentina G arcia and M rs. D ora Dum as. R o sa ry will be recited Monday. M ay 2 at 
7:oo p.m. at the B ro o k e h iil 
Chapel. Funeral Services will be held Tuesday M ay 3 at 1o:oo a m. at St. Leo s Catholic Church. In­ terment to follow at San Fernando 
No. 2. Arrangem ents with 
Hrnnkthill t 711 S. E M ilitary Dr. 
923-7523 

P R A T T S 
M r. H e m e n Protts, 81, H U A r­ roya Vista, died A p ril 3o, 1977. 
M em ber of Blessed Sacram ent 
Catholic Church, and V.F.W. Post 
No. 19o7. Survivors: M rs. H e m e n 
(Amelia M.) Pratts, Son Antonio; daughters, M rs. H. A. (M inerva) 
Griffin, Louisiana, M rs. Frank H. 
(Estelle) Coleman, M iss Thelm a 
Pratts, San Antonio; 5 grandchil­ dren; I great-grandchild. R osary 
7:oo p.m. 
M o n d a y , 
Z IZ IK - 
K E A R N S Chapel. M ass IO: IS a.rn, 
T u e sd a y, B le sse d S a c ra m e n t 
C ath olic C h u rch , H O Shan no n 
Lee, Rev. P atrick Cronin, cele­ brant. P riv a te interm ent F o rt 
Sam Houston National Cemetery. 
Arrangem ents by 

Z i z i k - K e a r n s 
Downing • Mr CUugtwr t y 
1322 N. St. M ory’s 
227-22o6 

P U C K E T T 
M rs. W ilm a Kathleen Puckett, age 68, died Saturday, April 3o, 
1977. She w as a member of Adah 
Chapter No. 49 O E.S. and of Ne- kodah Temple No. 44 Daughters of the Nile. Survivors: Nephew, 
Kenneth T. Roberson, Wetmore, 
T e x .; niece, 
M r s . 
N a n c y 
E lizab eth M ille r; greaf-niece. 
M is s Jo a n ie M ille r; great-n e- phews, Scudder Miller, all of San 
Antonio, Kenneth T. Roberson ll, 
Wetmore. Service Wednesday at 3 o’clock in the Colonial Chapel of the Porter Loring Mortuary, the 
Rev. Clyde B yrd officiating. In ­ terment In Sunset Mem orial Park, 
Arrangem ents with 
Porter Loring 
1 tot McCullough 227-8221 

S I F U E N T E S 
M R S . F R A N C E S 
R A N G E L 
S IF U E N T E S , 711 
Sandmeyer, born in 
Austin, T e xas Dec. 3, 191o, en­ tered rest Friday, April 29, 1977 al the age of 66 years. 
R O SA R Y-SU N D A Y-5:oo P M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S 
M A S S-M O N D AY -3:OO P M 
ST. P A T R IC K S C H U R C H 
U U Willow St. w ith R e v . M s g r . M ic h a e l J. 
M cM anus as celebrant and inter­ ment to follow In San Fernando 
Cemetery No. 2. Survivors: H us­ band, F e d e ric o C. S ifu e n te s; daughter, M r s. R u d y (H e le n ) 
C e rv a n t e s ; son, 
G ilb e rt 
Sifuentes; sisters, M rs. Agnes R. 
Quintero, M rs. M aria R. Carreio, all of San Antonio; brother, A n­ tonio Rangel, San Jose, Calif.; grandchildren, Sandra Ann, Flor­ in Ann and Raul Rene Cervantes; num erous nieces and nephews. 
Casket b e are rs wilt be A rth u r 
Lozano, M oses Flores, R ichard 
Gonzales, E d w ard G. H errera, 
Joe Cervantes, Jr. and John Cer­ vantes. Services under the direc­ tion of a m em ber of The Lelon 
Cl 'rte Fam ily of 
/Ae 
/ tt 
225-5731 
N. Alam o at Brooklyn. 

SW A IN 
M rs. M arie Jackson Swain of 8o11 
N. New Braunfels died in a local h o s p i t a l A p r i l 3o. R e s i d e n t S a n 
Antonio 25 years and m em ber of 
St. G eorge’s Episcopal Church. 
Survivors: Husband, H. L. (Bob) 
Sw ain, San Antonio; daughter, 
M rs. B a rb a ra Streitfeld, N orth 
Granby, Conn.; son. W illiam F. 
Doon, Aurora, Ore.; sisters, M rs. 
Ruby Bailey, Houston, To*., Mrs. 
V e ra D u la n y , San A n to n io ; 4 grand child re n. Se rv ic e s 1o:3o a.m. Monday, M ay 2 St. George's 
Episcopal Church, 69o4 West Ave. with Rev. Canon D avid Veal of­ fic ia tin g . 
In te rm e n t S u n se t 
Memorial Park. Those who desire m ay send m em orial gifts to the 
American Cancer Society. 
SUNSETS 
17o1 Austin Hwy 828-2811 

T H O M P S O N 
M R S . 
L O U IS E 
N E W C O M B 
T H O M P S O N , 1428 
S.W. M ilita ry Dr., born in Lansing, Mich. July 28, 
19o3, entered rest Thursday, April 
28, 1977 at the age of 73 years. 
S E R V IC E S -M O N D A Y , 1:15 P M 
FT. S A M H O U STO N 
PO ST C H A P E L with Rev. Robert Ryan officiating and interment to follow in Ft. Sam 
H ouston Natl. C em etery. S u r ­ vivors: Son, John Elton Thom p­ son, Jr.; sister, M rs. Don (Bess) 
Humble, City; brothers, Ronald and Ted N e w co m b , L a n s in g , 
Mich.; grandchildren, M rs. David 
A. (Debbie Sue) Correl, City, K a ­ ren Ann and Scott Cash Thom p­ son. M rs. T h o m p so n w a s a member of Highland Hills Baptist 
Church and has been a lifelong resident of San Antonio. Casket b earers will be Jack Flow ers, 
Rick Weisener, Tom my Krueger, 
Bill Castleberry, Jam es M enard and D a v id S k u rk a . S e r v ic e s under the direction of a member of The I. “ton Cude Fam ily of 

T U * A to m 
* 
^225-5731 
N. Alam o at Brooklyn^ 

 j& o u tfttrtb r 
FUNERAL HOME 

6 3 o 1 S. F L O R E S 
9 2 2-6 339 
Ed Squyres, Director 

M. £ KOOUOUtZ 
FUNtRAL HOME 

Pre-Need Arrangements 
511 GuodoUipe Si. 
226-6111 

MOCTUARf 
I iCT& r 

 ira o k ih til 
711 S E. Military 
923-7523 

(Salt m i s 
8o56 Fredericksburg 696-7111 

H r l l r r r B t 
2ooo S. W.W. White 337-4o82 

Palm p r in ts i 

3711 Sa. Zarzam ora 924-4568 > 

1o4— Funeral Directors 

Funeral H om e 
Lessens your cares, your costs. 

Every service a special service 

AN EVER-PRESENT 
GENTLENESS. 

Porter Loring 
M O R T U A R Y i ioi M cCu l l o u g h 227 8221 e 

4oax Morttnrz 

CMo4*ri*a* l f Nm (ITM*. 
•VMpvtfedk tuMHritMdme. 

 off* ring 
Trt-Amwfwl tx— r«i Canham, funeral Injurant# Policies 
227-6281 

734-3313 
Cfcaptl Hill HwMrioi Darden 
633-6411 

AMERICA'S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

 tm H ia m o 

| j,|: j Ki 
FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 
885-5731 

Ulm JAon (jLLtU \}cuniL 

 r 

Etauth 

B y G eorge ii. 
I Thosteson. MJI, 

Problem is not mental 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Five years ago my daughter was in a serious car accident. She is 24 now. Since the accident she has been very nervous and often depressed. Mostly in the mornings she feels tired and has no energy. 

Stic went to a psychiatrist, who told her that the problem is not mental. He said her condition is due to some type of deficiency in her system. 
I thought depression was a mental problem. 
The psychiatrist pre­ scribed Norpramin. Is that a tranquilizer? lf not, what purpose does it serve? — J.N. 
Depression IS a men­ tal problem, but that doesn’t mean the causes cannot be physical. A serious accident might cause a situational depression, especially if someone was killed or seriously maimed. How­ ever, your daughter’s morning fatigue points to a physical cause — faulty nutrition, low thryroid activity, ano­ mia, possibly low blood sugar (hypoglycemia). 
She has had her sting with the psychiatrist, who sensibly suggested she investigate physical causes. Often it is difficult to sort out the mental from the physical in these situations. 
Norpramin is an anti-depressant drug, lf it hasn’t helped, its*use should be re-evaluated. 
She needs a complete physical investigation lo rule out ailments that can cause mental symptoms, such as the ones mentioned above. That would in­ clude a look at her eating habits. 
I would put the accident idea aside in the search for an answer to her malaise. 
Ringworm 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Can you please tell me so­ mething about ringworm? My daughter, 7, has had it for a year and she’s been treated with various ointments, and now with griseofulvin. 
This seems to be working, but my son, 5, and myself also have gotten it from time to time. I am still concerned as lo whether it will ever be completely cleared up. I have another son and all three kids are in school. — Mrs. E.R. 
A year is a long time for ringworm to last. I have never heard of an “ incurable” case, although some can be stubborn. 
Your daughter is either being reinfected or the ointments used are not effective against the specific culprit fungus. No worm is involved. 
Ringworm is a common problem among children. lf the griseofulvin seems to be working now, your suffering days may be near an end, assuming there arc no other outside contacts. I assume that you are being treated yourself as well as the other children who show symptoms. 
One reason parents might welcome the coming of the summer and Hie outdoor season is that young­ sters seem more free of these pesky problems at that time. 
You need to take care during the “ recovery” period. Pets can be involved. If the children continue in school during this time they should be warned to avoid contacts with others, because it can spread rapidly. 
Athlete's foot is a form of ringworm. There are many other varieties depending on the area of the body affected. 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Does garlic tend to control high blood pressure? I have been taking garlic pills for some time, and they don’t seem to help. I will discontinue using them because the odor is offensive to my lady friend. What do you think? — J.L. 
They won’t help your blood pressure or your love life. 
Are you bothered, with ringing in the ears? lf so, write to Dr. 
Thosteson, in care of this newspaper, for his booklet, "Ear Noises 
— Their Causes and C u res." Enclose a long self-addressed, stamped envelope and 25 cents. 

■SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS—Monday May 2 I977 
H 

“ People will buy anything 

(hat’s one to a customer." - 
Sinclair Lewis. 
Today s trump suit seemed 

 to be labeled "only one finesse to a customer. ’ Why else would declarer have forgotten everyth in g he heard in the bidding to rush ahead to play the suit as he always dicT 
Note Souths bid of two 

•spades over North s overcall or (wo clubs. Bidding a new suit over partner s overcall is not a forcing bid. but it is a con structive move. Why didn’t South bid the stronger diamonds first? Had North rebid in dubs. South intended to show both suits and therefore bid the higher ranking suit first. 
West led the two top hearts 

 and then shifted to a dia­ mond. Dummy's nine held the trick and it was time to lead trumps A low spade was led from dummy and declarer knew only one way to play this combination He finessed 
Hie queen which lost to the king and that was the end of 
(he road. Later. East took another trump trick and declarer lost his vulnerable game. 
Is there another way to 

 finesse with that combination of trumps? Actually, there is more than one more way but. in situations like this, its probably better to concentr­ ate on what not to do rather than try to visualize abstract alternatives. 
West’s opening bid was all 

.that declarer should have considered. With almost ail the high cards accounted for., it was obvious that West should have had the spade king to justify his opening bid. lf so. there was only one w av to play Ihe trump suit for on Iv one loser. Declarer had 
In hope that West ahd pre­ cisely king and only one other 

W EST 
AKS f A K J 9 8 2 
♦ 72 
* J 8 4 

NORTH 
5/2-A 
♦ 765 f y 3 
A 
9 

<fr A K Q 9 6 5 
EAST 
A J IO 2 f to 6 5 
♦ 8 5 4 3 
* 1o 7 2 
SOUTH 
A A Q 8 4 3 
A 74 
A A Q J IO 6 
* 3 

Vulnerable: North-South. 

Dealer: West. The bidding: 

West 
North 
East 
South 
I f 
2 A 
Pa ss 
24 
Pass 
3* 
Pass 
44 
Pass 
Pass 
Pass 

Opening lead. King of 

 hearts. 

 spade 
Alter reaching that conclu­ sion. the rest is easy. 

Declarer plays for his only w inning chance and plays Hie ace and a small spade. West’s king falls “on air' and later, d e c la re r’s queen draws 
East’s remaining trump to score IO tricks and rubber. 

Bid with Corn 

South holds: 

AT so 
5 2 8 
Ays 
. 
AKS 
♦ A K Q « ti 5 

South 
North 

1A 
I ♦ 
2 * 
2V 
34 
3 NT 

Answer: Pass. South fields 

 a little extra strength not yet shown. However, it s better to settle for a comfortable game than to probe further towards a shaky slam. 

{express 
PICK 

7 p.m.: IN SEARCH OF N O A H ’S ARK. This documentary presents evidence to support the story of Noah and the flood. (Ch. 4) 

TERMITES 
CALL 
AGGIE PEST 
735-8231 
ROACHES *12 
AGGIE PEST 
735-8231 
223-1726 

6 ROOMS 
3 MO, 
*ASKAMTY 
ISM s.c.: 
FRinHfolTfltiSPICTION 

. M o n d a y T V 

JOEY BISHOP 
...9 a.m., Ch. 12 

8 a.m. (Ch. 5) - CAPTAIN 
KANGAROO - Melissa 
Meow, a new puppet friend, is introduced at the Captain’s Place. 
Homer has a hard time relating to a cat, but fin­ ally makes friends with her. The Captain reads the story “ Corduroy.” 

9 (Ch. 12) - THE MIKE 
DOUGLAS SHOW - Joey 
Bishop is co-host with guests, Mabel King, Cor­ bett Monica and The 
Preservation Hall Jazz 
Band. 

3:3o (Ch. 12) - THE NEW 
MICKEY MOUSE CLUB - 
Lisa, Julie and Shawnte take a riding lesson at 
Foxfield Riding Academy in Westlake, Calif, where they meet a young rider, 
Kathy Perry, who invites them to attend the Santa 
Barbara Horse Show to watch hor jump in competition. 

4 (Ch. 4) - EMERGENCY 
ONE! - “ The Promo­ tion.” A major traffic pi­ leup on a fogbound freeway during rush hour causes problems, confu­ sion and accidents. 
Meanwhile, 
Desoto ponders a promotion which will take him out of the paramedics. (R) 

4 (Ch. 9) - THE GREAT 
TV AUCTION - KLRN's lith annual, live and on- the-air fundraising event features Doc Bidnow’s 
Medicine Wagon. For a 
$5o contribution, anyone can place a message on the Auction wagon. Don­ ating their time and merchandise today are residents of Gonzales, 
Elgin, Taylor, Marble 
Falls and other Central 
Texas communities. 

6:3o (Ch. 12) - THE EYES 
OF TEXAS - Today we visit a fish lab in Rock­ port, where the Parks and Wildlife Department is surveying the fish in our gulf: a look at the history of Howard House in Henderson; Aransas 
City’s life and death: an 
East Texas Petrified 
Forest and a visit with an artist in her eighties from the community of 
Taft. 

7 (Ch. 4) -NHCMONDAY 
NIGHT AT THE MOVIES 
- “ In Search of Noah's 
Ark.” This documentary drama presents the evidence that supports the story of Noah and the flood, and then looks at the theory that the ark came to rest on Mount 
Ararat in Turkey when the flood waters finally receded. Brad Crandell is the narrator. 

7 (Ch. 5) - THE J E F ­ 
F E R S O N - Florence isn’t exactly one of 
George’s favorite people, so when Louise tells him that she ll be moving in to be their maid, he hits the roof. (R) 

7 (Ch. 12) - THE ABC 
MONDAY 
NIGHT 
MOVIE DOUBLE FEA­ 
TURE - “ Charlie’s An­ gels.” Three attractive female detectives use their wits and feminine charms lo con the slayer of a wealthy man into re- 
\ealing the whereabouts of his victim’s body. 
Stars Kale Jackson, Far- rah Fawcett-Majors, Ja- clyn Smith, David Doyle, 
David Ogden and guest stars Diana Muldaur and 
Bo Hopkins. (R) 

7:3o (Ch. 5) - BUSTING 
LOOSE - Lenny and his friends, who are antici­ pating a wild singles weekend at a New York resort hotel, are not dis­ appointed when they en­ counter a veritable 

K 
M 
O l J V 

© - N S C 
K E N S - T V 
© 
-CBS 
K L R N - T V 
© 
— I d 

K SA T -T Y 

 f f i 
ABC 

> 
T I 

X 
I 

 m m :oc 
J ? : 15 m :3 o rn • 45 

(6:45) Adelante 
(7)Today 
(7:25) < Big Newt 
(7:3o) Today 

CBS Morning News 
Hughes Rudd 
Bruce Morton 

Mister Rogers* 
Neighborhood 
Sesame Street 

(6:45) Classroom 
(7) Good Morning 
(7:25) NewsWatch 
Good Morning 
% 
- ; HI. 
o rn 

 fJ:« 

Tom Brokaw 

(8:25) 4 Big News 
Today 

Captain 

Kangaroo 
Bob Keeshon life Around Us 

David Hartman 

(8:25) NewsWatch 
Good Morning, 
America f» , J 

o 
“ 
T i l 

Sanford and Son 
Redd Foxx 
Hollywood Squares 
Peter Marshall 

Formbys 
Workshop 
Price is Right 
Bob Barker 

The Electric 
Compony life Around Us 

The Mike 
Douglas Show 
Joey Bishop is co host 

F 

Jacqueline 
Andere 
5 p.m., 
Ch. 41 
1o1 

Wheel of Fortune 
(huck Woolery 
Shoot for the Stars 
Geoff Edwards 

 is host 

 love of life 
CBS News 

Carroscolendas: 
Segmented life Around Us 

Happy Days 
Ron Howard 
Family Feud 
Richard Dawson 
111 

Name That Tune 
Tom Kennedy 
TV-4 Big News 
Frank Matthews 

The Young 
& The Restless 
Search For 
Tomorrow 

Inside-Out 
Animals & Such life Around Us 

Second Chance 
Jim Peck 
Ryan's Hope 
PH 
121 

The lucy Show lucille Boll 
Days of Our lives 

Eyewitness News 

As the 
World Turns 

Interm. Spanish letter People 
Life Around Us 

NewsWatch 
Quin Mathews 
All My Children 

Saby 
Kainalich 
7 p.m., 
Ch. 41 

BB 
OO 
I 
:1 5 
I 
3 o 
I :4* 
The Doctors 
The Guiding light 

Electric 
Compony life Around Us 
One life to live 

 g%-oo 
■ J : IS 
M ; 3o 
M 
I :45 

Another World 
All In The Family 
Carroll O'Connor 
Match Game '77 
Gene Rayburn 

 let s All Sing 
Many Americans life Around Us 
General Hospital 
John Beradino 

A 
OO 
1 :1 5 
% : 3 o 
* # : 4 5 

My Three Sons 
Fred MacMurray 
Gilligans Island 
Bob Denver 

Tattletales 
Bert Convy 
Bewitched 
E. Montgomery 

Interm. Spanish life Around Us 

Wordsmith 

Edge of Night 

New Mickey 
Mouse Club 

En Son Antonio 
Mortha Gutierrez 

 t* :OQ 

4 
» 
1 : 4 5 

The Gong Show 
Chuck Bums 
Gunsmoke 
Jim Amess 

The Brady Bunch 
Robert Reed 
Hogan s Heroes 
Bob Crone 

The Great 
TV Auction 
Emergency One 
Randolph Montooth 
Kevin Tighe 
Robert Fuller 

Manuela 
Amparo Grisales 
Alberto Jimenez 

 a 
: oo 
/ 5 T : 1 S 
B 3 o 
« * : 4 5 

Amanda Blake 
Milburn Stone 
NBO Nightly 
News 

Eyewitness News 

CBS News 
Walter Cronkite 

•• 

The Partridge 
Family 
ABC Evening News 
Reosoner/Wolters 

Vida por Vido 
Jacqueline Andere 
Armando Calvo 

 rn sOO 
^ 
:1 5 

O i l 

TV-4 Big News 
Gene lively 
Martha Buchanan 
Jim Dawson 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Marrou 
Hollywood Squares 
Peter Marsha'l 

NewsWotch 
Don Colson 
The Eyes of Texas 

Reporter 41 
Gloria I. Rodorte 
Oscar Zamora 
Coco Rodriguez 

■ g O O y 
:1 5 ff :3 o 
X 
:4 5 

NBC Monday Night at the Movies 
“In Search of 
Noah's Ark" 

The Jeffersons 
Sherman Hemsley 
Busting loose 
Adam Aricin 

ABC Monday Night 
Movie Double 
Feature 
"Charlies Angels 

Mi Hermana la Nena 
Saby Kamalich 
Jorge Lavat 

Oil 

Narrated by 
Brad Crandell 
Maude 
Sea Arthur 
Phyllis doris leochmon 

Kate Jackson 
Jodyn Smith 
"Roger and Harry' 
John Davidson 

Premiere 
Petrolia de 
Volientes' 
Rosa Mona 
o:“ 
Til 

Dean Martin 
Celebrity Roost 
The Andros 
Torgets 
Jomes Sutorius 
Pomelo Reed 

•• 

Barry Primus 
Richard lynch 
Carole Moliory 
Anne Stewart 

Vazquez 
Hector Suarez 
IQI 

TV-4 Big News 
Gene lively 
The Tonight Show 
Starring 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Marrou 
CBS Late Movie 
“Kojak: A Question 

NewsWotch 
Don Colson 
Mary Hortmon, 
Mary Hortmon 

 lo Imperdonuble 
Amparo Rivelles 
24 Horas 
Jacobo 
111 

 obnny Carson 

12) Tomorrow 

 of Answers" 
Telly Savalas 
Dan Frazer 
Kevin Dobson 
(1:1o) Sign OK 

All That Glitters 

Ironside 
(12:3o) The F BI. 

Zabludovsky 

(12) Sign OK 

Program listings compiled in this log ar* furniihed by tho television stations and are (object to last-minute changes. The newspaper is not responsible when listings ore in error.__________________________ 

C O M P A R E . . . 
IB LITTONI 
M IC R O W A V E O V E N S 
W IT H A U O THERS 
BEFORE Y O U B U Y ... 

 to/id 
\ ~1 z H 

.X- •■amm 
■ v> ■ 
R B ^ MO AS I mew 
. "v Of (ROSI l SIMMf A 

V A R I- C O O K 
The ultimate in 
M IC RO W A VE cooking 
. . . allows you to arbust the speed . . . get slow- cooked goodness with ease of 
MICRO W AVE speed 

HOPPS 
Central Park 
I 5 33 Austin Hwy. 
2 6 o o West Ave. 
9 o 2 S W . Military Dr 
2 3 l l S. Hackberry 
I 2 o3 Pat Booker 
2 52 Wonderland • 

 smorgasbord oi feminine company, and even shy 
Lester finds himself an attractive girl. 

8 (Ch. 5) - MAUDE - (R) 
Maude’s investigation into Vivian’s erratic be­ havior reveals a new part of the 
Harmons’ marriage. 

8:3o (Ch. 5) - PHYLLIS - 
Phyllis takes over all the details of 
Mother 
Dexter’s marriage, but unfortunately forgets one small detail that turns the whole thing into a ty­ pical Phyllis fiasco. 
(Conclusion) (R) 

8 :3 o p (1 2 )R O G E R & H ARR Y 
* G o A n y w h e re , Do Anything 
Adventures!(Adv.) 

8:3o (Ch. 12) • THE ABC 
MONDAY 
NIGHT 
MOVIE DOUBLE FEA ­ 
TURE - “ Roger and 
Harry.” Roger Quentin and his partner, Harry 
Jaworsky, are hired by a millionaire businessman to find his daughter who has been kidnapped and apparently taken out of the country. Stars John 
Davidson and Barry Pri­ mus with guest stars Ri­ chard Lynch, Carole 
Wagner Mallory, Anne 
Randall Stewart, Susan 
Sullivan and Harris Yu- lin. 

9 (Ch. 5) - THE ANDROS 
TARGETS - Attempted rape, murder and per­ jury are involved when a football player, about to be presented the Player of the Year award, is su­ spected of being involved in the case. Mike has more trouble when an­ other football player lies to protect his teammate. 

1o:3o (Ch. 4) - THE TON­ 

IGHT SHOW STARRING 
JOHNNY CARSON - Rich 
Little is guest host with 
Ginger Rogers as a guest. 

1o:3o (Ch. 5) - THE CBS 
LATE MOVIE - “ Kojak: 
A Question of Answers,” starring Telly Savalas, 
Dan Frazer, Kevin Dob­ son, George Savalas and featuring Eli Wallach and Jerry Orbaeh. A de­ sperate man tries to clear his own name and stay out of prison by helping 
Kojak trap a ruthless loan shark. (R) 

1o:3o (Ch. 12) - MARY 
HARTMAN, 
MARY 
HARTMAN - Cathy gives 
Mary a lesson in timing; 
Heather sleeps over with a very good friend; Wan­ da ignores Merle after the VFW; and Cathy gets courted. 
Iq u a w k B o x 

I would like the ad­ dress of Julie Edwards, the former Julie An­ drews. She was the lead­ ing actress in “ The 
Sound of Music.” Thank you. —Kathy 

She’s still 
Julie 
Andrews, even though in real life she is Mrs, 
Blake Edwards. I think you have been reading her books (she’s a mar­ velous writer) because that’s where she uses 
Julie Edwards. Anyway, she and Blake live in 

Barbara Benavides relaxes on a heat and massage table, one of the m any items being auctioned off all this w eek at the Annual KURN Auction. Tonight’s bidding begins a t 4 p.m. 
'Father Knows Best’ b a c k a f t e r 1 7 y e a r s 

 ll (Ch. 12) - ALL THAT 
GLITTERS - L.W. does business with Ma; Glen relives his nightmare with Tina de Farentis, then accepts a phone call from Joan Hamlyn to do it again; Dan tells Chris­ tina that he misses their times together; and L.W. conducts some vitally important business with her Arab guests. 

11:3o (Ch. 12) - IRON­ 
SIDE - “ Once More for 
Joey.” Ironside is track­ ing the pirating of a rock group’s records - when the guitarist is electro­ cuted. (R) 

Midnight (Ch. 4) • TO­ 
MORROW 
- 
E. 
G. 
Fricker, renowned Eng­ lish faithhealer and auth­ or of 
“ God 
Is My 
Witness,” is host Tom 
Snyder’s guest. 

Switzerland, although they also spend time in 
Los Angeles and wher­ ever their work takes them. So your best bet is to write her at the Screen 
Actors Guild, 775o Sunset 
Blvd., Los Angeles, Calif. 
9oo46. 

Bv BOB THOMAS 
ASSOCIATED m s s WRITER 

LOS 
ANGELES 
- 
“ The biggest change I’ve noticed,” said 
Jane 
Wyatt of the reunion of 
“ Father Knows Best,” 
"is that the kids now call us ‘Bob’ and ‘Jane.’ Al­ ways before it was ‘Mr. 
Young’ and 
‘Miss 
Wyatt.” 
But then, 17 years have past since the Anderson family shared its trials and triumphs with mil­ lions of television viewers. 
The three children—Billy 
Gray 
(Bud), Elinor Donahue 
(Betty) and 
Lauren 
Chapin 
(Kathy)—are adults, and they can view 
Robert Young and Jane 
Wyatt us fellow actors and not surrogate par­ ents. 
Family 
They seemed like a happy family as they rehearsed on Burbank 
Studios’ Stage 4, prepar­ ing for the taping of the special, “ The Father 
Knows Best Reunion,” which NBG will present 
May 15. The attitudes were adult—unlike most family series, “ Father 
Knows 
Best” never talked down to its audience. And there was a covey of grandchildren to add youth to the reun­ ion. 
"When the idea of an­ other ‘Father Knows 
Best’ was suggested to me, I was not enthusias­ tic,” Bob Young admit­ ted between rehearsals. 
“ Getting us all back together would be a cute stunt, but so what? 
‘Where is the script?’ I asked. ‘We don’t have a script; we need you to accept first,’ they said. 
‘Oh no,’ I said, and it was dropped. 
Script needed 
“ It s a valid cause for depression for which there is no known cure. It affects the woman par­ ticularly, because she has borne the child and has had tho major re­ sponsibility. The father comes around at gradua­ tion to take bow s. 
Jane Wyatt noted two other differences in today’s “ Father Knows 
Best” ; no discipline problems with the child actors; she and Bob now sleep in a double bed. 
Twin beds 
“ We always had twin beds before,” she noted. 
“ Even married couples couldn’t sleep in double beds when we started 
(1954) either in films or television. What’s more, you had to keep one foot on the floor.” 
Young with “ Marcus. 
Welby, M.D.” and Miss' 

^CERTIFIED PEST CONTROL 
■ 
ROACHES 
S3.ooSX. 
^ O O M S ^ ^ O ^ A R R A N T Y £ H 
H 
| too 
FREI 
FRIE TERMITE INSPECTION 
733-7511 

 r n 

 c b R i s m n 

 t 
R a d i o dcaJj 

I YOU CAN WIN CASH UP TO 
$1oQOJaol|Npl 

IN THE 

WO 

 m rj 
GREAT COUNTRY 
■M U SIC GAME 

Wyatt with her TV and film guestings have remained in the public eye. What about their lelevision “ children” ? 
“ I’ve kept fairly busy in television with ‘The 
Odd Couple’ and a lot of the shoot-Vm-up shows,” said Elinor Donahue 4o. 
"That plus taking care of mv four sons, who are 2o, 
15, 12 and 9.” 
“ I made a movie on spec not long ago,” said 
Billy Gray, 39, “ but for tho past seven years I’ve been devoting myself to speedway racing, promoting it as well as racing my motorcycle live nights a week. I beat the national champion the end of last season.” 
Lauren 
“ I was studying to become a psychiatrist, but I finally gave it up,” said Lauren Chapin, 3o. 
“ I’m raising my little boy alone—he’s now four. 
When he was two and a half, I told him I wasn’t happy, and I wanted togo back to acting. I told him it might be hard for a while, and he was old enough to understand and agree. I’ve had some singing engagements and 
I’ve done a few television roles.” 
How docs it feel to pick up the same roles after a 
17-year lapse? 
“ Ifs almost like the series never stopped,” said Miss Donahue. “ Ifs like a continuum, really. 
Of course we have 

 changed, but I think we’ve changed for the better; we’re better ac­ tors and better people.” 
If the May 15 special succeeds, could a ren­ ewed series result? 
“ I think that would be a mistake,” said Miss 
Donahue. 
“ Perhaps another special now and then. But we should keep it special, make them want to see us again.” 
Besides, Bob Young is opposed to a series, and 
Father Knows.... 
O B I I 
DTT 
NOW 

And it's aasy! Just call us today and we'll put your low-cost ad in print. 

For extra cash, sell that mower. . . now! 

Coll 22S-1666 

I i 
I AAUGER J 
I Cleans clogged Sewers g 
5 a n d Drains B e s t .. . 
H 
I LOWEST PRICES IN T O W N I 
I 
U 
FREE ESTIMATES I 

TOM JONES SONY 

LISTEN NOW TO KKYX 68 FOR DETAILS. 

YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
★ DELUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE IT S 

I 
I BEST I f I 

 pf .I 
FLO U B . 

WBtiViTsa 

Miracle 
Whip rnmaim® 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Monday M ay 2 I 977 
Coed wins garden club scholarship 

The Texas Garden 
('luhs, Inc. organization is spending its money on more than just flowers. 
Texas A&M student 
Lauren Sue Griffith of 
San Antonio has won a 
$5oo scholarship from the 
Texas Garden Clubs. 
Miss Griffith, a senior in a landscape architec­ ture, is the daughter of 
Mr. and Mrs. Earl Grif­ fith. 
___ 

WWttfUl PLUNGER CLEARS 
CLOGGED TIMMIS 

T O 
I L A F L E X 

Toilet 
Plunger 
Unlike ordinary plungers, Toitaflex does not permit compulsed air or meaty water to splash back or escape 
With Toil*flex the full prepare plows through The clogging mass and swishes it down 

Get th# Genuine ‘Toitoi!*** 
*298 AT HARDWARE STORES 

She was supported by the Live Oak Garden 
Club of San Antonio in her bid for the Florence 
Thomas Scholarship. 
Susan Filippone and 
Diane M. Moy of San 
Antonio are among 26 newly initiated members of Mortar Board, a na­ tional honor society for women at North Texas 
State University. 
Miss Filippone is the daughter of Mrs. Peggy 
M. Hooper and Miss Moy is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Johnnie J. Moy. 
At Trinity University 
Patricia Elizondo of San 
Antonio has been initiat­ ed into Mortar Board. 
Miss Elizondo, a jun­ ior majoring in English. is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Oscar A. Eli­ zondo. 
Michael Reyna, an eighth grade student at 
Brentwood Junior High 
School, has received the first place award in the regional Optimists Club 
Oratorical Contest. 

Express-News 

Want Ads 

225-1666 

Reyna is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Reyna. 
Reyna’s speech con­ cerned violence in schools and was corre­ lated to the annual ora­ torical contest theme 
“ Together We Will.” 
Reyna will compete in the statewide Optimists 
Club oratory contest May 
14 in Austin. 
A second year student at St. Mary’s Universi­ ty’s School of Law has received a third place award in national writing competition as sponsored by the American College of Legal Medicine. 
John F. Quinn Jr. re­ ceived $15o for his entry 

„ On 
Campus 

% HI SWEET 
V iiu ta tw v w riter 

 entitled “ Euthanasia.” 
The paper is under con­ sideration for publication in the Journal of Legal 
Medicine. 
This year marks the first time St. 
Mary’s law students have participated in the com­ petition. 

Mary Jo Greenwood, one-year-old Canyon, Tex., youngster, and a lamb seem fascinated by each other during their meeting at a Kid Day Fair sponsored by W est Texas State 
University Block and Saddle Club. — AP Wirephoto 

Folklore exhibit to open 

A special exhibit will be opened at I p.m. 
Monday to mark the be­ ginning of Mexican Folk­ lore Week at the Univer­ 

 s it y of Mexico at Hemis- 
Fair Plaza. 

The university will sponsor a variety of events each day until 
Friday including films, conferences and demon­ strations. 

One highlight of the week will be a a demon­ stration of regional dances at 
7 p.m. 
Wednesday. 

For more information about the activities call 
227-o311. 

WIN TWO 
TICKETS 
TO SEE 
THE 
Captain afSNNIUE 

FROM THE 
EXPRESS & NEWS! 

They’re bringing their super show to the 
Convention Center Arena on M ay I 7 and you can see it absolutely FREE if you’re one of our ten winners who’ll win T W O 
TICKETS EACH to the show! Just fill in the coupon below and mail it in. Then look in the Sunday Express-News on M ay 
15 for the names of the winners! 
2o TICKETS WILL 
BE GIVEN AWAY! 

I MAIL TO: 
I CAPTAIN & TENNILLE CONTEST 
I Express and News 
■ P.O. Box 2171 
| San Antonio, Texas 78797 

| NAME................................ 
J ADDRESS ........................... 

■ CITY....................... Z I P . . . . 
I PHONE 
NUMBER............................. 

SIUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
* DELUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1 9 ^ 
, WENNY 

L A R G E 

SUPERMARKETS 

7M sS £ [ n e /c e s b o o d m et/ w ed, /h a y 
- 
\L|a 

DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF 
•51£S.olMo2E tfcaeSTEAKlJm. 
B l a d e s c u t - 
_____________________________________________ 

D O Z 

‘ ^DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF * 5-LBS*-MOKE ♦ 
STEAK 

O O C N memum 

WILSONS 
I'Zoz. 
P K O -. 
M AM M IES 

W IL S O N S 

V ca z. 
CAN. 

DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY B E E F 
M R IB S 

DELUXE Q UALITY teVMEAT 
P B p N 

W IL S O N 'S 
I 2 cDZ > 
PHX3 

 m e G E L E i m 

Y V ' 
W H O & 

W I L S O N S 
Y2oz. 
PhQ Zr. 

&L3.CM1 

W I L S O N ^ 

M E A R E S 
VZ^az. ■ 
P P C 

B U T T E R / R I P E 

28 

— 
— 
— 

^LETTUCE TOMATOES S?C*88AfiE SPEARS 

CR15P 
HEADS 

 q .I P B J a m 

T E X A N S F Y S .R M 
BELL PEPPERS ^ 

TEXAS 
FXXRAA 
FRESH! k 

SWEET 
JUICE 
O 
R 

T EN D E R fceiLD r a c k e d mas 
I LB. PKG- 

KMOWLTOW3 
, * L l i — 

 f l a v o r s 

PILLSBURY 
o5x3. 
H A LF 

S A F T 

DELTA BATH13oDA/V 
DAWN LIQUID 
32oA A 
DETERGENT?? 

 l o n e 
TISSU 
TIDE LAHN DRV f a m i l y s i z e b o x 
< 4 _ 
“ 
I ( 3 

Com­ d e x —I— 
P K & 

DOOP BW A N Y Cf OUR 
STORES a*(6ETm R 

TOP VALU*, 
J f T CATA* 

'Enriched Flavor breakthrough ends search 
Tow tat good taste 'cigarette. 

For years, smokers had to choose between real tobacco flavor or low tar. 
Until M ER IT ' ^ 
C" 
P U 
Until a breakthrough in tobacco*science resulted in a way to boost natural tobacco flavor without the usual cones pond mg increase in tar. 

The result was ‘Enriched 
Flavor’ tobacco. 
M ER IT and M ER IT 1oos were packed with this special tobacco. And taste- tested against a number of higher tar cigarettes. 

P h ilip M o rr is i m . ton 

Kings: 8 mg.' 'tar,'' o.5 mg. nicotine av. per cigarette, FTC Report Dec'76 
1o O T 12 mg! 'tar; ‘ o.9 mg. nicotine av. per cigarette by FTC Method. 

Warning: The Surgeon Genera! Has Determined 
That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous to Your Health. 
REGULAR and MENTHOL 

The results proved conclusively that 
‘Enriched Flavor’ tobacco does boost taste without the usual increase in tar. 
Overall, smokers reported they liked the taste of both M E R IT and 
M E R IT 1oos as much as the taste of the higher tar cigarettes tested. 
Cigarettes having up to o o r 
6o% more tar! 
Only one cigarette has 
‘Enriched Flavor’ tobacco. 
And you can taste it. u nniriivnp 
MERIT 
Kings&1oo’s 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 7 \9 7 7 

 e n en 

IM 

A D V i C - £ 

S O O D 
T / ^ s r e **> 

L A *T fW N P A Y I 

K E F l ^ E P T O K l ^ 4 
M Y A U N T EVEN APTtZ 
*H6 SAVE MB t ? cS POK 
M Y gHSCTHPAY. P IP I 
COMMIT A FAIAX P A * ? 

V & , A 6EZ\oV6 OSS. 
HOWEVER YOU. CAN fCEMEPy IT o Y COMING 
OYEZ TO MY HOWSE NEXT 

* U N P A Y A N D K I T I N 
G 
M Y AUNT. 

“ V *" 

U a l 
JLL. 

Oh, nothing much. What's new with you, Carl?" 
“Guess what had a nervous breakdown and had to be towed to the garage?” 
WORBY 
CURBY 
BY TR IC K Y R IC K Y 

I. Yesterday (I) 

I very wordy guruy answer is a rhyming pair of words (like I rue blue, 
Plain Jane, and Rumply Rumply I. 
Read the definition, then think of two rhyming words that w ill fit in the letter squares.The number after the definition tells you how ntany syllables in each word o f the rhyming pair. 

2. High M r. Bunyan (I) 

3. Dismisses baseball officials (I) m 

4. Nea-duck fruit juice (2) 

E l 
5. Capital of France, M r. Gong (2) 

T 
W 
1 
6. Deeper-colored “magic” pen (2) 

T h a n k s a n d 
S I O lo to ri 
Kohn of 
Deerfield. I L for *4. 
Send y o u r best rhyme 
St. clue to this news­ paper. 

7. “Mmm, Mrnm, good” bets (2) 

S i t a w V‘> S I I J U W V ) i MJXSV IS tHXHYII I SIHHVa SIMVa v a n a n a i n u > s a w i s a w i n t i i v a i i v i r a v o a v is i 
SJUWSSiV 
Astrology 

CARROLL RIGHTER 

TODAY’S CROSSWORD PUZZLE 

 om, I'm honC C . 
. 

' M o w / H e y , M o m J w 
W n y b r e a J < fa l/ M o fn ! 

Come on,Mom, I'm 
Sj(krv'iflo\ \ Mom [ Mom ? 
MMarry f ojool cl 'loo be 

 d e a r e v ic t y e t H & n d q < 

 t£ o s c h o o l ? 
A 

MONDAY, May 2,1977 
GENERALTENDEN­ 
CIES: You feel a con­ siderable amount of frus­ tration which increases as evening arrives. Try to find the answers to prob­ lems that are bothering you and help ease the frustration. A good time to study others and their 
* methods for getting ahead. 
AR IES (M a r. 21 to Apr. 19) 
You have m a n / responsibilities to handle and should get at them e a rly . Show a loved one how truly devoted you are. Avoid one with a jealous streak. 
TAURUS (Apr. 2o to M ay 2o) 
Find out iust what it is a partner wants of you and try to please m o re. An a n n o y in g s itu a tio n could bother you. but use posi­ tive thought and it is soon better. 

G E M IN I (M ay 21 to June 21) 
S tic k to th e w o rk you h a v e p ro m is e d to do even though there m ay be interruptions and a n n o y a n c e s . 
T o k e tim e fo r health improvement. 
MOON C H IL D R E N (June 22 to 
July 21) A good time to advance in you r p a rtic u la r line of en­ d e a v o r, Avoid exp ensive p le a ­ s u re s and s a fe g u a rd a s s e ts . 
M ate needs reassurance of your devotion. 

LEO (J u ly 22 to Aug. 21) 
Show th a t you a re abo ve r e ­ proach and do not jeo p ard ize present position of security. Be extra careful in handling regular tasks. 
V I R G O ( A u g . 22 t o S e p t . 2 2 ) 
Be extra careful in travel today or you could get Into big trouble. 
Think before you speak or you could antagonize others. 
LIBR A (Sept. 23 to Oct. 22) 
You may feel you a re not as well oft as you-- really are, so figure accurately and find some new outlet that will add to abundance. 

SCORPIO (Oct. 23 to Nov. 21) 
T ry not to be forceful with others w here personal aim s a re con­ cerned or you get nowhere (ast. 
Steer clear of social functions where arguments could start. 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N O V. 22 to 
Dec. 21) Conscientious efforts to take care of chores will result in more leisure time. Avoid a per­ sistent borrower. 
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 to Jan. 
2o) Steer clear of that stubborn friend who wants to force you into something you do not care to do and you regain happiness. 
Social affairs could be heady, so ovoid them. Stick to business. 
A Q U A R IU S (J a n . 21 to Feb. 
19) 
Be conscientious in handling of a ffa ir s w ith o th e rs , p a r ­ ticularly where the governm ent is concerned. Taking credit risks could p ro v e d a n g e ro u s now . 
Think and act constructively. 
PISCES (Feb. 2o to M a r. 2o) 
Although you want to study into new ventures to have a greater 

ACROSS 

1 Hangs unevenly 
5 Acted 
IO "The Gift of the — ” 
14 Measured land area 
15 Kind of soil 
16 Culture medium 
1 7 On the briny 
18 Refuse to accept as true 
2o Wind storms 
2 2 ..........cell 
23 Man s name 
24 Small dog: 
Informal 
25 Debase 
28 Of Mom and 
Pop 
32 Thirst quencher 

33 Author Erich 

35 Playground apparatus 
36 Betrays ones comrades 
38 Scoffed at danger 
4o First mortal: 
Hindu 
41 Place where troops camp 
43 Avaricious person 
45 Split place 
46 Frees from bondages 
48 Jewelers’ units 
5o Greek 

 letters 
51 Edible fungus 
52 Exchanged 
55 Greedy people 
59 T he "S ” of 
" S E C " 
61 SegoLily 
State 
62 T ake in the ocean 
63 Contour 
64 Edible rootstock 
65 Revolvers: 
Slang 
6 6 down: 
Muted 
67 Robt. - — : 
Noted 
Virginian 

DOWN 

1 Expectorated 
2 Furthermore 
3 Ending with theater 
25 
4 O nes emotional 
26 attitude 
5 Made angry 27 
6 Regional speech 
7 Green plant 
8 Recede 
9 More profound 
1o Gentle 
11 Ancient 
1 2 Donated 
13 Provoked to anger 
19 Huron and 
Erie 
21 Alacks partner 
24 Pointed 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

Saturday s Puzzle Solved 

 sticks 
42 
Having less foliage 
Make gleeful 
Steel, for one 
Where the 
Louvre is 
Kind of crown 
Allow to enter 
Bounds 
Olympic 
: ‘76 
Montreal event 
Production 57 increases 58 
Dead per­ son 
6o 

Food con­ sumer 
Strikes 
Cruel per­ son 
Fame 
Thin light fabric 
Russian ruler: Var, 

Redecorate 
Sour 
— Carlo 
Menotti 
Writ words 
Hard to find 
Pump, for one 
Even if: Var 

I 
2 
3 
4 
Is 
6 
7 
#nnir 

 r 
■ Ir 

|n 
| b ii 

 u 
’5 
16 

17 
IS 
19 

2o 
21 
■ 
23 
I 

24 

25 
26 
27 

_■ 

28 
29 
3o 
31 

32 
■I 

3 T 
■I 
36 
■ 

38 
39 ■ 

4o 

41 
F I 

43 
44 I 
41 
46 
47 

■ 

48 
49 
■ ■ I 

5o 
J I 
51 
■ H i 
52 
SJ 
54 

■ 

55 
56 
57 

59 
61 

62 
SO 
63 
64 

65 
II 

66 
67 

22 

 income, it is best to com plete whatever is undone now. Studv new ideas ca re fu lly before a c ­ cepting them. 
IF Y O U R C H IL D IS B O R N 
TODAY . . . he or she will want 

 to jump into any situation w ith­ out first studying the pros and cons. Teach early to be prepared before doing so and the chart becomes a successful one. 

A N N O U ttC {M IN T S 

• I o6 — Personals i o7 — Businevs Personal, 

I o 8 — Lost and Found 
! 1 o — 'Sp e cial N otice s 
I I 2 — 
P ro fe ssio n a l N o tic e s 
I I 4 — Entertainm ent 
I I 8 — 
Lod ge N otices 
I 2o— Bids & Proposals 
1 22— Officio! Publications 
124— le g a l Notices 

B IA L (ST A T ! r n 

2o1 
2o2 
2o4 

2o6 

2o8 

21o 
212 
214 
216 
218 

22o 
224 

226 

228 
23o 
231 

232 
234 

236 

238 

24o 

242 

244 

246 

248 

25o- 

252- 

254- 
256- 

258 — 

Real Estate Notices 
— Open Houses 
-Pro p e rty Out of 
Town 

— Condominiums— 
Townhouses 
— Apartm ents, 
Duplexes 
— Houses—Northeast 
—Houses—Northwest 
— Houses— Southeast 
— Houses—Southwest 
— Houses M oved and 
W recked 
— Houses for Trade 
— Houses, Sale or 
Rent 
-Suburban 
Prop erty— A creage 
— Resort Properties 
— tots 
— Investm ent 
Prop erty 
— Forms and Ranches 
— Farms and Ranches for Rent 
— Comm ercial 
Prop erty— Sate 
— Commercial 
Prop erty (Lease) 
— Commercia! property (W o n ted ) 
— Industrial Pro p erty for Sale 
— Industrial Prop erty for Lease 
— Industrial Prop erty 
W an te d 
— O ffice Space fo r 
Lease 
— O ffice Space 
W an te d 
— R eal Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
— Real Estate W a n te d 
— Real Estate 
Loans— Notes 
Real Estate Loans 
W an te d 

RENTALS 

3 o 2 — M obile Hom es for 
Rent 
4o1 — Apartm ents Furn. 
4 o2 — H ousekeeping Apt. 
"*• 
Rum. 
4 o 4 — Apartm ents, Unfum . 
4 o 6 — Houses, D uplexes— 
Furnished 
4 o 8 — Houses, D uplexes— 
Unfurnished 
4 1 o — Houses, Rent or Sell 
41 2— Rooms, Furnished 
4 1 4 — Rooms, Unfurnished 
4 1 6 — Rooms w ith Board 
4 1 8 — W a n t to Rent or 
L • 
Lease 

B U S IN E SS 
O PPO R T U N IT IE S 
$ 
! 

 i 5 o1 — Business 
Opportunities 
5 o2 — Business O ppor­ tunities W an te d i. 5o4— M on ey to Lend 
I 5o6 — Financial— In vest­ ments 
[ 5o8— Oil Propostions 
S IO — M on ey W o n ted i 512— Instructions 
514 — Instructions W a n te d f J 
EM PLO YM EN T i It 

6o1- 
6o2- 
6o4- 
6o5- 
6o6- 

6o8- 
61o- 
612- 
614- 
616- 
618- 
62o- 

622- 
624- 

—Professional 
-Sale s 
—Technical 
-Resum es 
- A d m in is tra tiv e - 
Financial 
—Secretarial 
- O ffice & Clerical 
—M edical 
—Skills-Trades 
—Food-Drink Services 
- P a rt Time 
—Help W a n te d 
Miscellaneous 
-Dom estic 
—Situations W a n te d 

J I___ 

| 7o1 
* 7o2 

] 73o 

A U T O M O T IV E 

— Antiques-Collectors 
7 2 6 — Sports, Foreign 

7 4 3 — Cars— For Sale or Trade 
7 4 4 — Customized Cars— 
Speed-Racing Equip. 
7 4 6 — Trucks & Com m ercial 
Trailers— Buses 
7 4 8 — M otorcycles— 
Scooters 
7 5 o — W anted-Autos, 
Trucks, Trailers, 
M otorcycles 
7 5 2 — G en eral Auto 
Repair 

7 5 4 — Tires— Parts— 
Accessories 
756 — Auto, 
Financing— loan s 
758 — Aircraft 
Services— Supplies 

REC REA TIO N A L 

S O I — Cam pers— Trailers 
8 o 2 — M otor Hom es 
8 o4 — Boats, M otors 
8 o 6 — Sporting Goods 
8 o 8 — Hunting & Fishing 

MOBILE HOMES 
O B 

8 1 o — M obile Hom e Sale 
811 — M obile Hom e 
R e p a ir s — In su ran ce 
812 — M obile Hom e Parks 

 m e r c h a n d is e _i L 
9 o1 — Business Equipm ent 
9 o 3 — Building M aterials 
9 o S — Portab le Buildings 
9 o 7 — Furniture 
9 o 9 — Paw n Brokers 
9 1 o — Appliances 
9 1 2 — Flea M arkets 
9 1 4 — Antiques 
9 1 6 — Arts, Crofts, Im ports 
9 1 8 — Coins & Je w e lry 
9 2 o — C am era— Photo 
Equip. 
9 2 2 — Musical Instrum ents 
9 2 4 — Nurseries, G ard en 
9 2 6 — M achinery— Tools 
9 2 8 — M erchandise M art 
929 — G a ra g e Sales 
9 3o — M erchandise W a n te d 
9 3 2 — Auction Sale 
9 3 4 — Business D irectory 

D O G S — PETS 

I ANNOUNCEMENTS J f T# J 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

TIO SPECIAL NOTICES 
I E SPECIAL NOTICES 
IIG SPECIAL NOTICES 
H O -SPECIAL NOTICES 

M a y 8th 

Express-News— Monday May 2, 1977 

 flll «^||TATE NOTICES 
2o1 HEAL ESTATE NOTICES 

First Page 

ESTATE NOTICES 

■ ■ 

With a Special Mother s Day Greeting 

Call 225-1666 

 o r m ail lo 
Exp ress - Ne ws 

P.O. Box 2171. San Antonio, l ox. 78297 

25c line— minimum 

4 lines— LH words— $1.oo 

Deadline Thursday. May 5— 5 P.M . 

MESSAGE 

COUPONS 

NAM E 
ADDRESS .................................................... 
ZIP 

PHONE 

1 o 6 -PERSONALS 

D A T E S G A L O R E ! M e e t L o c a l singles. Call 
Dateline loll free 
8oo-4S1-324S. 
F E M A L E Room ate W anted. N .W . 
Side of town. Call P a tty from 9 to 
3, 432-o91 1. 
FO R H E L P with on unwed preg­ nancy, call Ed n a G ladney Home, 
Ft Worth, T X 1-8oo-792-11o4 

F o r help with m ath, ch e m istry, biology. 927-4o96 P riv a te tutor. 
Reduce sate and fast with Gobese 
Tablets and E-Vap "w a te r p ills” 
G ibson P h a rm a c ie s , 2627 S .W . 
M ilitary; 
1331 
B a n d e ra ; 
39o7 
Eisenhauer. 

R o o m m a te n e e d e d to s h a r e apartm ent? 344-1S16 

1o7-BUSINESS PERSONALS 

A N E W M A S S A G E LO C A T IO N outside city, open 7 d ays ’til 2am. 
Prof. m asseuses. 1223o IH3S N. between O 'Conner & Judson Rds 
F O X Y L A D Y E s c o rt and Photo studio. 349-8971, 12 to 12. 

FREE 

WATERBEDS 

EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 
Given by the Foxiest G irls in San 
Antonio Best place to Relax and unwind. "F e e l Better F a s t” . Out­ side City Lim its. Open 1o:3o am to 
4am Big D iscounts’ North Side. 
P A R IS 
R O B B , 
492-2994 
ESC O R T S. 
M A S S A G E S B Y 'P E A N U T '. B y appt, 9am-5pm. 2617 No. M ain. 
736-o411 

P E D D L E R S S p e c ia l M a s s a g e s 
1o:3o AM o S PM . 492-2994 

11 Price Rubbs 7 pm to 4 am at 
P A R IS R U B B . 492-2994 

Scientific-Professional 
D A T IN G S E R V IC E 
M atchm aker Inc. 344-1H5 

S U P E R M A S S A G E S 
By Foxy. Je t Setters. Call 'M iss 
36 22-36 
492-2994 

1o8-LOST ANO FOUND 

I con help you find your lost pet. 
736-29o8 
L A R G E R E W A R D For return of gold w atch. Lo st at L a V illita , 
Wed night, A pril 21. 732-3573 
L O S T . o r e a 
N o rth w o o d 
Eleinen try, N E San Antonio, B a s ­ sett 
Hound, male, 
R E W A R D . 
828-8788. 
Lost black and tan G erm an She­ p h e rd an d S i l v e r 4 m o old 
W eim araner. Rew ard . 344-1S32 or 
732 6952. 

LO ST : B O W M A R C A L C U L A T O R 
R E W A R D ! 673-3571 

 pltot/tar's I Dan 

FLOWERS 

AIDA CREATIONS 
Flowers & Gifts for Mother 

46oo.BIANCO 
344-7o14 

H A W A IIA N 
F L O W E R S H O P 
Distinctive flowers for everyone’s mother. 
1923 BROADWAY 
223-8224 
OPEN S U N D A Y 8 -1 P M 
A & R FLORAL DESIGNS 
CITY W ID E DELIVERY 

115 GOLIAD RD. 
532-7847 
HENRY’S FLOWER S H O P 
FTO & EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS 
21 IO BROADWAY 
226-6343 

CAUTHORNS 
F L O W E R S & G IFT S 

2o21 SAN PEDRO 
736-4411 
P la c e y o u r a d call 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

HAUSER FLORAL CO, 
"Service & Devotion you con trust" 

1722 I. COMMERCE 
227-6271 

THE FLOWER BASKET 
Floral Gifts of love for Mother 
6932 S.W. Military 
674-8953 

THE 

HOWER BOX 

Flowers Gifts 

 fo r a ll Occasions 

FREE CITYW ID E 

DELIVERY 

1o7 

 n o r t h p a r k b l v d . 

2 2 3 - 4 7 7 2 

REALTOR 

Buying or Selling? 

Know Your REALTOR 

Ohing much more than helping you buy and sell real estare ... your 
Realtor is your voice in many forums ... speaking out in behalf of pro­ perty owners, always with your best interests in mind. On matters of land usage planning, taxation, industrial expansion, maintaining pro­ perty values, urban improvements and government relations, your 
Realtor is your spokesman. Always as close as your telephone, he is waiting to discuss real estate matters with you at any time. 

S e e o n e o f t h e s e p r o f e s s i o n a l s f o r a l l y o u r r e a l e s t a t e t r a n s a c t i o n s . 

(This is a p a rtial list o f REALTORS “In and around” San Antonio 

ADAMS, KEIFER & MCBRIDE 
4414 Crnterview Dr Suite 219 
733-818? 

FRANCES AITGELT REALTY 
Pete 8 led o Neill 
876 847o 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 
3 Convenient Locations 
824 1477 

BASSE-WEILBACHER, REALTORS 
Independents—giving personalized service 
349 1436________________HIO? West Ive 

VTRNBOSTER 
2714 Cincinnati 
734 'o31 

DON BOUCHELLE & CO. INC. 
1259 Jackson Keller 
3414666 

CENTURY 21 DelANEY REALTY 
2433 Austin Hwy. 
653 o55o 

" c e n t u r y ! L — ELAINE LUDWIG 
& ASSOCIATES 
87o3 Wunboth Rd 
69)13o1 

CENTURY 2 1 -BILL PARKINS 
REALTY 
4o35 Nato-Perrin 
653-8131 

CENTURY 21 — R. rT r ANSOM 
REALTY 
74o5 Hwy 9o West 
673-77o1 

CENTURY 21 GLASCOCK 
ASSOCIATES 
6126 Montgomery Dr. 
656 7/17 
13337 San Pedro 
494 1951 

CENTURY 21-MoNEYSAVERS 
REALTY 
12122 El Sendero 
656 242o 

"CENTURY 21 S C H N A R R E ALTY 
6233 (vers Rd., Ste A 
684 72oo 
(leon Valley) 

CENTURY 21-STEVENS-RoHDE 
8151 Broadway 
828 5544 

CENTURY-21 WH1TEHEAD- 
HoLLID AY 
6838 Joiner 
11785 West Ave 
7217 Bandera Rd 

684 3711 
341/115 
,681 o38o 

CENTURY 21 NATIONAL REAL 

ESTATE 
5o34 Military Or W 
6/4 44)1 
7o47 Military Or. W. 
674-7717 

CENTURY 21 DOUGLAS REAL 
ESTATE 
833 Bandera Rd. 
434-3185 

EDYTHE B. COOPER, REALTOR 

14? W Rhapsody 
341 31/6. 341 1867 

CORNELIUS & ASSOCIATES 
441? Rittiman 
828 6343 

NELSON CORY, REALTORS 
31o West Samel Road 
824-4571 

PALCO REAL [STAIE 
912 Oblate 
824 69oo 

FAMILY REALTY 
3o26 Hillcrest 
732 8111 

BILLY FELLOWS & ASSoCS. 
1o225 Ironside 
69o 922o 

JOHN FLOURNOY CO. REALTORS 
14o7 Jackson Keller 
341/7o1 

G. G. GALE 
I S315 Son Pedro 
494 5237 

C. M. FURR CO. 
I J Ondrusek, Realtor 
733-7141 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
374o Colony 
696 141? 

TOM GARRISON, REALTOR 

666 S.W Military Dr. 
924 4288 

GREAT AMERICA REALTOR 
42o4 Gardendale 
- 
69o-98o? 

REESE HENRY, REALTOR 
11626 El Sendero 
655-3584 

H & H REALTY 
36o4 Fredericksburg Rd 
736 1918 

JoNES-KING REALTY 
53o7 Broadway 
826-2439 

KELLY REALTY 
3633 Culebro 
433 6645 

BEULAH MAE KELLER & ASSOC. 
226 Windsor 
736 (1o15 

BOB MCGINNIS REALTORS 
S25o Fredericksburg Rd 
349 1121 

MARTINEZ REALTORS 
6539 Bandera 
684 o753 

MONTE VISTA REALTY 
1481 Huisoche . 
’ 
73,5 o485 

MORTON SOUTHWEST REALTY 
11612 Perrin Baltei 
655 6848 

NAYLOR REALTY 
"T h e G allery 
O f Homes” 
996? Wunboth 
6911121 
5439 Waite Rd. 
656 552o 

STRAUDER NELSON REALTY 
Olmos at McCullough 
828 5671 

NORTH LOOP, IN C, REALTORS 
748 8 Rittiman Rd 
828 5636 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
Austin Hwy. Ole. 
824 2391 

DEANIL OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Bandera Rd. Oh. 
684 433o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Blanco Rd Oh 
349 4343 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Jefferson Oh 
736 4426 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS lorkhill Selma Oh 
349-3535 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
North Central Ole 
349 5111 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
NI loop Oh 
878 6391 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
N. West Oh. 
344 62o7 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Perrin Belle! Ole. • 
656-3ooo 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Security Service Oh 
673-2271 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
S I Of fit! 
537 5745 

DEANIE OWENS C if, REALTORS s W Office 
675 785o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
So Central Oh 
924 7311 

POGUE & POGUE, INC 
75)o Broadway 
822 1154 

THELMA B. PREISSMAN 
25o4 Natogdothes 
826 2347 

REQUA REALTY CO. 
51o8 Broadway 
824-45o/ 

P R O F E S S I O N A L REA L T Y 
9ooo Wurtbath Suite 2o? 
696-533o 

RED CARPET 
21o1 lorkhill Selma 
342 3111 

RED CARPET 
81o7 Raughiider Waltem 
653 6364 

RED CARPET, REALTORS 

1727 Babcock at Callaghan 
341 4484 

RED CARPET 
75IS Nacogdoches Rd Suite A 
828 8195 

DIXIE ROSE, REALTOR 
5629 Broadway 
874 7334, Anytime 

SAN ANTONIO REAL ESTATE 
3731 Wed Ave 
349-6131* 

SANDISON REALTY 
3521 Oak Gale 
699 92o1 

SEITZ & ASSOCIATES, REALTORS i See Seitz lot Homesttes" 
624-2385 

COY J. SIMMONS 
123 I Wright Blvd 
Universal City 
8658-6231 

SNECKNER & ASSOCIATES 
7224 Blanco 
342 5214 

TERRILL REALTY 
5748 Wurzbach 
684 6444 

THE HOME MART, INC. 
715o Amlin Hwy 
655-17o1 

TURQUOISE & GIFT’S 
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS 

CLOSING OUT SALE STARTS: MAY 2 

6525 SAN PEDRO 
341-5425 
1o:oo A.M . to 6:oo P.M. 

LO ST D O G ' Strayed Wed. Apr. 2o near Broadw ay-Loon 41o. L a rg e brown-white fem ale B A S S E T T . 
Fam ily pet. 824 ZASO 
LO ST D O G ! 3 y r old m ale black 
L a b w ith re d c o lla r . V ic in it y 
Shenandoah. R E W A R D ! P le a s e call 696-o159 or 696-8529____________ 

L O S T 
G e r m a n w ir e h a ir e d 
P o in te r, b row n - w h ite m in g led . 
R E W A R D ! 344-1o6o 
Lost Gold bracelet, H E B on M ain 
Ave. 
Sat 
23, 
Good 
R e w ard 
227 9225 

LO S T la rg e ye llo w flu ffv cat. 
V ic iiiA t y of D e v in e R d . On medication. 
Missing 
2 wks. 
826-8721 
LO ST : mole yellow L A B , red col­ la r . 
L o o p 
4 1 o - B ro a d w a v . 
R E W A R D ! 824-3848 

6 —-Dogs-Cats-Birds-Pets 
8— Poultry ~Rabbits-Bees 

9 4 o — Livestock-Feed- 
Seeds 
941 — Produce 

9 4 2 — Farm Equipm ent and Supplies 

To T'fia Classified c o in 
Notices et.or— sr. front POO* Index 
M — Deaths 
>2— C ard o f Thanks 
M e m o ria m 
>3— Florists— flo w e rs 
M — Funeral D irectors 
>5— C e m e te ry -— B urial 
Lots _______________ 

L O S T 
Red C lu tch P u r s e , ID , 
Credit Cards, Pictu res, lf Found, 
Please C all; 333-55o3.______________ 
LO S T 
Sm all B la c k , b row n and white Dog nam ed "C a rlo ” . Blind in one eve. 
Call 
927-3184, 
R E W A R D .___________________________ 

M U ST C O N TA C T A N Y O N E who a tte n d e d m e e tin g to r A lia n z a 
F e d e ra l De P u e b lo s L ib re s , on 
Sat. April 16, at Mex.-Am. Cultur- al Center Please Coll 434-2916. 

55o R E W A R D ! L o s t F r i. A M , 
4-22-77, s m a ll b row nish- b la ck m ale C hihuahua T e rrie r, 2 '?m i. 
So. of B ra u n in g L a k e on IH37 
Soutk. W earing brown flea collar. 
621-24o4 or 532-45o6_________________ 
55o Rew ard Lg. fem ale G erm an 
Sh e p h erd , I y r , 85 lbs. S ilve r- 
G ra y . G u a d a lu p e St. O v e rp a s s 
Area. No questions asked. Pras- sel Const. 226-6tll. 

11O-SPECIAL NOTICES 

FREE HAIRCUTS by 
Professionals 

For contemporary men & ( women during our train­ ing workshop, May 9-1o- 
11. 
Latest 
New 
York styles, advanced techni­ ques. Limited to specific style choices. Please call 
655-9oo9, 
May 
3-4-5, between 9:3o-5PM for an appointment. 

B L O O D 

? D O N A T I O N S ? 
BLOOD • PLASMA 
SERVICES OF 
SAN ANTONIO 
NOW 

O P E N 
ACROSS FROM 
. 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
Man.-fri. 8:oo AJ*.-4:oo P.**. 
CLOSED SAT. & SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

118-LODGE NOTICES 

PUBLIC AUCTION lf you have a c a r or truck to sell 
Sat M ay 7th 1PM Call 924-6469 
A LA M O A UTO A U C T IO N 
33oo S W M IL IT A R Y D R, 

S O U R C E S O F F R E E P R O D U C T S 
A N D IN F O R M A T IO N from 2o2 ag e n c ie s. S u b ie c ts of health, finances, safety, hobbies, b u s in e s s , e m p lo y m e n t, m a n y m o re! F o r ad d itio n a l in fo r m a ­ tion: T rian g le E n te rp ris e s , Box 
2743, Dept.B-2o2, H arlingen, T X 
7855o 
Top cash paid for yo ur old new ­ spapers and corrugated. 815 C e­ ra g o A A B C O P A P E R STO CK 

112 PROFESSIONAL NOTICE 

Almost F re e Transportation" 
For Details Call; 224-2221. 

The estate of the late D r. J . M. 
Blackburn is pleased to announce that Dr. G a r y L D r u r y has a s ­ sumed the general dental p ractice of the late Dr. Blackb urn. Suite D, 
666 SW M ilita ry D r. O ffice hrs 
9am-5pm M onday-Friday. Phone 
922-54o1 

FOB BENT 
ENTERTAINMENT 6UIoE 

H ourly or d aily A ud ito rium and 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location great for music, clubs, p a r tie s , w e d d in g r e c e p tio n s , m e e tin g s of a ll k in d s . C a ll 
344 4539. N e a r N orth S ta r and 
Central P a rk M ail. 
Gold Card M em bership Thousand 
Oaks Country Club 494-2286, 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 
MONDAY bro FRIDAY 

Jiffy Pre ss instant Printin g 
A lull service print shop near you! 
16o6 McCullough 6211 San Pedro 
17o1 SW M ilitary Or. 
42o9 Fred ericksb urg Rd. 
226 E Rhapsody al San Pedro 
LA LA S B O U T IQ U E 
Spring and Sum m er Sale 
Valley Po rk Shopping Center 
E v e rs Rd. and W u rib o ch 

Charter your own flight! Business trips, fishing trips, you nam e it, we ll fly it! 1-866-3471 

A LA M O L O D G E No 44, A F & A M , 
Scottish Rite Tem ple, A ve E and 
4th Sts. C alled Com m . M o n d ay, 
M ay 2 at 7:3o PM , tor work In ( I ) 
E A 
D e g re e . 
R e f r e s h m e n ts . 
Mem bers urged to attend. Visiting 
M aster Masons cordially invited 
D a v id A. S c h w a r z , l l , W M .; 
Ram on B Collins, Sec. 
B L U E B O N N E T L O D G E No 1219, 
A F & A M , 27o1'J S, P re s a Stated 
Comm. M onday, M a y 2, at 7.3o 
PM . M e m b e rs urged to attend. 
Visiting M aster M asons co rd aiiy in v ite d . M a r io n G. P o p e , J r . , 
W M .; Lou Candy, Sec. 
B L U E B O N N E T L O D G E No 1219, 
A F & A M , 27o1'j S. P re s a . Stated 
Comm. M onday, M a y 2, af 7.3o 
P M . M e m b e rs urged to attend 
Visiting M oster M asons cordially in v ite d . M a r io n G 
P o p e , J r . , 
W M .; Loo Candy, Sec. 
C O M M U N IT Y L O D G E No 12o1, 
A F & A M , 5 19 A la n i el os 
P a s t 
M a s te r's night. M o n d a y s M a y , 
1977. 
D in n e r a f 
6:3o 
P M . 
M em bers, fam ilies, friend s, co r­ dially invited. V isito rs welcom e. 
J. Knox Duncan, W .M .; Charles 
M cElfresh, Sec. 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S L O D G E No 
13/3, A F & A M , 7oo Hot W ells Blvd. 
Called M eeting M ond ay, M a y 2, 
6:3o PM , for work in (2) E A D e­ g re e . 
L ig h t r e fr e s h m e n t s . 
M em bers urged lo attend. Visiting 
M aster Masons cordially invited 
P a y H a yn e s, W M . (655-3893); 
Robert 
L. 
Hasbrook, 
Sec. 
(732-38o9). 
N A T M W A S H E R L O D G E No 
127o, A F & A M , 212 City St. Stated 
Comm M onday, M a y 2, af 7:3o 
PM . All re g u lar M a ste r M asons co rd ia lly in vited . A ll m e m b e rs urged to attend. A nd rew H. B an ­ do, W .M .; Alex Sanchez, Sec. 
N A T M W A S H E R L O D G E No 
127o, A F & A M C ity St. S ta te d 
Comm M onday, M a y 2, at 7:3o 
PM . All re g u lar m aster M asons co rd ia lly in vite d . A ll m e m b e rs urged to attend A ndrew H. B an ­ da, W .M .; Alex Sanchez, Sec. 
SAN A N T O N IO C O M M A N D E R Y 
No 7, K T , Staled Conclave, M on­ d ay at 7:3o P M , S c o ttis h R ite 
Tem p le. M e m b e rs u rg e d to a t­ tend. V is itin g S ir K n ig h ts w e l­ come. Bob E . H ensley, Com m an­ d e rs Horace A, Tuffs, Rec. 
SAN A N T O N IO C O M M A N D E R Y 
No 7, K T , Stated Conclave, M on­ d ay at 7:3o P M , S c o ttis h R ite 
Tem ple M e m b e rs urged to a t­ tend. V is itin g S ir K n ig h ts w e l­ co m e. B o b E . H e n s le y , C o m ­ m ander; H orace A. Tufts, Rec. 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 

Sealed bids, iii duplicate, on the origi­ nal forms, signed by an Officer of the 
Company, will be received by the City 
Secretary of the City of Houston, texas in Room 2o3. City Hall until 8:3o A M., 
Wednesday, June I, 1977 and all bids will be opened and publicly read in the 
City Council Chamber at 9:oo A M. on that date for the construction of a sanitary sewer force main and all related appurtenances, as follows 
ALMEDA TRUNK SANITARY StWCR 
DIVERSION Of THE 5oUTHWES1 
POMP STATION 
ANO 48 INCH FORCE MAIN 
Wastewater Division tab No. 3378-2 
WPC Tex 1o6o 

(Approximately 5,17o ft. of 48 ' con­ crete lined cylinder pipe, steel pipe and ductile iran pipe force main and appurtenances, including revision to 
Southwest Pump Station.) 

Plans, specifications and necessary in­ formation may be obtained from the 
Wastewater Division, City of Houston, 
Room P 1o3, City Hall Annex. 

No provisions have been made for mailing plans and specifications to prospective bidden 
Therefore no pions and specifications will be mailed to prospective bidders or other inter­ ested parties. 

A deposit of $1oo.oo (by rheck or money order mode payable to 
Wastewater Division, City of Hous­ ton ) will be required for each set of plans and specifications. Every con­ tractor who submits a valid bid ta the 
City Secretary and returns to Room P- 
1o3 City Hall Annex the plans and spe­ cifications for this job not later than 
IS days from bid date, will be refund­ ed his $1oo.oo deposit 

Bidder's Bond, signed by both the 
Surety and the Bidder, Certified Check, or Cashier s Check in on amount equal to ten percent ( 1o% ) of the total bid must accompany each proposal. 

Any contract or contracts awarded un­ der this Invitation for Bids are expect­ ed to be funded in port by a grant from the .United States Environmental 
Protection Agency. Neither the United 
States nor any of its departments, agencies, or employees is or will be a party to this Invitation for Bids or any resulting contract: This procurement will be subject to regulations contain ed in 4o CFR 35,936,35.938, and 35.939 
(QUAI oPPoRTUNITV IN (MnOVMtNT 
BIDDERS ON THIS WORK WILL BE RE 
QUIRED TO COMPLY WITH IHT PRLS! 
DENTS EXECUTIVE ORDER NOS. 11246 
AND 11375 THE REQUIREMENTS FOR 
BIDDERS AND CONTRACTORS UNDER 
THIS ORDER ARE EXPLAINED IN THE 
SPECIFICATIONS. 

The City may waive ony informalities or minor defects or reject ony or all bids. Award wit! be made to the lowest responsive, responsible Bidder. 
Date: April 27,1977 
ANNA RUSSELL 
City Secretary 

PRIVATE PROPERTY WeEKl" 
In San, Antonio, the Fiesta City M a y 8 to 14 
H H H 

THC UMH) 

Hi m 
# 

REALTOR* 
J 

12o - BIDS & PROPOSALS 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

CONTRACTORS’ NOTICE OF 
TEXAS HIGHWAY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sealed proposals for constructing 
139.32o miles of Seal Coot on various highways in Medina, Atascosa, La­ 
Salle, Frio, McMullen and Bexar Coun­ ties covered by (SB 24-5-52, (SB 73- 
3-42, CSS 73 4-33, CSS 73-5-4?. CSB 
73-1o-7, CSB 237 I 9. CSB 3o1-3-15. 
CSB 328-3-16, CSB 328 4 21, CSB 517 
7 28, CSB 652 4 23, CSB 748 1 17, 
(SB 748 2 8, CSB 748 6-9, CSB 848 I- 
18, CSB 1545-2-7, CSB 1547-1 23, CSB 
1741 2 IS, CSB 7373 I -8 8 CSB 2649 
1-8 will be received at the State De­ partment of Highways and Public 
Transportation, Austin, until 9:oo 
A M., May 19, 1977, and then publicly opened and read. 
Plans and specifications including minimum wage rates as provided by 
Law ore available at the office of A O. 
Hilgers, Resident Engineer, Pleasan ton, Texas, and State Department of 
Hiqhways and Public Transportation, 
Austin. 
Usual rights reserved. 

E X C L U S I V E m E f T IB E R 
Relocating? 

Calf us for current listings of homes for sale in YOUR des­ tination city! Why wonder what's available there - can have the tacts at fingertips . .. quickly. 
Call today! 

- we your 

REALTORS 

3 4 9 - 1 4 3 6 

124 - LfcGAL NOTICES 

 b e are d Did p r o p o s a ls w in be received by the San Antonio In ­ dependent School D istrict on the following 
Bid No. 77 87 
P ro ra tio n Lam ps 
Bid Opening 
IO 3o A M , M a y 16, 
1977 

Bid No. 77-89 
Boder Replacem ent 
Bid O pening:: 7 3o P M , M a y 16, 
1977 

Bid NO. 77-9o 
F ire Suppression System 
Bid opening: 3 PM , M o v 16, 1977 

B id No. 7/ 91 
Sewing M achines 
Bid Opening: IO 3o AM , M a y 12, 
1977 

Bid No 77-92 t v rabies 
Bid Opening: 2 

124 -LEGAL NOTICES 

SATURDAY TOURS 

E S C O R T E D 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E D 
M O TO R COACH 
L e a v e S.A. 8:3oam 
Return 6pm 
JIO P E R P E R S O N 
Tour No. I Austin 
Tour No. 2 L B J Ran ch 
F o r reservations call 
828-9123 

V IC T O R Y 
L O D G E 
N o 116o, 
A F & A M , 2o9 E . E lm ir a . C alled 
Comm. Tuesday, M a y 3, 1977, for the purpose of presenting 25 Y e a r 
A w ards and honoring our Ladies. 
Supper w ill be served com m enc­ ing at 6 P M . P ro g ra m at J PM 
Bro. Ja c k Le e w ill be our Guest 
S p e a k e r. C o v e n a n t A s s e m b ly 
O r d e r Of T h e R a in b o w , an d 
H a r r y S. T r u m a n O r d e r of 
OeM olav w ill be honored guests. 
All M em bers, their fam ilies and friends invited to attend. Douglas 
N. Ja c k s o n , W .M .; J . C. V a le n ­ zuela, Sec. 

12o-NO S I PROPOSALS 

IN THI iX PR fSS N fW S 
CAIL 225-1666 

 roe THI PASTIST RESULTS 
ON A WANT AO 
THI NUMBfR TO C A U 
IS 225-1666 
EXPRESS ANO N IW S 

Sealed bids w ill be received by the - 
D irector of Business S e rvice s of , 
Education Service Center, Region 
2o for the p urchase of C O N T IN 
U O U S FO C H E C K S T O C K until 
681-22o5 i 1o:oo A M., M a y 16, 1977. Itemized details are on fife and availab le upon request in the Pu rch a sin g 
Office, Education S e rvice Center, 
Region 2o, 155o N, F 
Loop 41o, 
Son Antonio, Texas, 782o9. 
Ju n e Patton, 
Pu rch asin g Agent 

Sealed bid proposes will be received by the Board of Trustees of the 
Judson Independent Sebec! District 
♦or an addition to the Central Kitched until 3:oo P.M May ll, 1977, at 9327 
Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas. 

Bid specifications and drawings may he picked up after payment of 
$25.oo deposit prim to bid opening in 
•he Office of Finance, at the obove address. 

It is emphatically stressed ttiat this construction must be completed on rn beton- August 1,1977 

C f t e G r e a t 

C ^ im e if c a o i 
^B argain 
oWANT ADS! 

A Public Hearing will be held by the 
Terrell Hills Board of Adjustment at the City Hull, 51oo North New Braun­ fels at 4:3o p.m. on May 9, 1977 to onsidet a request tor a variance to the City Planning and Zoning Regula­ tions. The owner of the property af 
54o Rittiman Road has constructed a structure which, in the opinion af the 
City Building Inspector, is effectively attached to his house and thereby is an integral part of his dwelling. As such, the new construction stands in violation of the City's regulations which call for a setback of ten feet horn the side property line. The owner was denied a Certificate of Oc­ cupancy and Compliance. He has ap­ pealed this decision to the Board of 
Adjustment. 
John C. Barrett 
City Manager 

T h e T9/7 
B e x a r C o u n ty 
B o a r d of E q u a liz a tio n w ill c o n v e n e M a y TO, 1977 a t 9 
A M , 525 S. M a in fo r th e 
P u rp o se of E q u a liz atio n . 

PUBLIC NOTICE 
In Compliance with Sec. 43(a) of 
Art 
1446t, V AX S , Central Power and Light Company heieby publishes 
NOTICE that it has filed, an April 18, 
1977, its Statement of Intent to make changes in its rates charged for electricity and services sold and ren­ dered throughout its service territory, such proposed chonges to be ef­ fective May 23,1977, such Statement at Intent includes the ptoposed revisions of tariffs and schedules which constitute changes in text, cor­ rections, and new rates for servicds offered for the first time, none of which will result in an increase in revenues. 
The only increase in revenues is not a major increase as that term is defined in the Public 
Utility Regulatory Act and is included rn the proposed Standby Service Rider 
I! applicable to six (6) rural in­ dustrial customers. Statements of In- tent were filed with the Public Utility 
Commission of I exes and the follow tog municipalities: 
Agua Dulce, Alamo, Alite. Aransas 
Pass, Asherton, Austwell, Boy City, 
Bayview, Beeville, Benavides, Big 
Wells, 
Bishop, 
Brackettville, 
Brownsville, 
Camp Wood, Catn/o 
Springs, Charlotte, Christine, Col­ umbus, 
Combes, Corpus 
Christi, 
Cotulla, Crystal City, Del Rio, Devine, 
Dilley, Donna, Driscoll, Eagle take. 
Eagle Puss, Edcouch, Edinburg, Edna, 
El Campo, Elsa, Falfurrias, freer, 
Ganado, 
George West, 
Goliad, 
Gregory, 
Harlingen, 
Hidalgo, 
In­ gleside, iaudaaion, 
Karnes 
City, 
Kenedy, Kingsville, la 
Feria, ta 
Grulla, lo Joya, Laguna Vista, Laredo, la Villa, Leakey, Los Fresnos, Luling, tyford, 
Lytle, 
Mathis, 
McAllen, 
Mercedes, Mission, Natalia, Nixon, 
Nordheim, Odem, Orange Grove 
Palacios, 
Palmhurst, 
Palmview. 
Pearsall, Pharr, Pleasanton, Porn* 
Comfort, Port Aransas, Port Isabel, 
Poitland, 
Port 
Lavaca, 
Poteet, 
Premont, 
Primero, 
Raymondville, 
Refugio, 
Rio 
Hondo. 
Rockport, 
Rocksprings, Ramo-los Soenz, Runge, 
Sabinal, Son 8enito, San Diego, Son 
Juan, San Patricio, San Perlita, Santa 
Rosa, Seadrift, Sinton, Smiley, South 
Padre Island, Spafford, fait, Three 
Rivers, Uvalde. 
Victoria, Weslaco, 
Woodsboro, Yorktown 

YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o D A Y S???' l e t m e m a k e yo u a c o lk o fte r. Top d o lla r p aid fo r yo u r ho m e or e q u ity and I w ill p a y a ll rio tin g (O ils . 
P ro m p t and o ffic ia n t W rv * ice. T o u r M o n e y on Title 
C hack! B ro ker a n d a tto r­ n e y le a d t p a id ! 
_ 
_ 
_ r 349-653! 
S . A 
. R . E e 24 Hoar* 

Attention! Before you buy or tell 
'' rind Belt. W e buy equities Cash. 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 
222 9495 

A V A IL A B L E S25o,ooo 
Quick cosh for houses or equities. 
W e pay -losing too! F ast service! 
Any or -j, condition or size. Ask tor fi .Mph 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433 3295 or 
828-4817 

2o2 • HOUSES oPFN 

♦ looking for a new home? 

TODAY S y o u r LUCKY D A Y .^ . 

High Country Estates 
6 56 -4 471 
$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
M eadow Wood North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones-Malfsbgr at Thous. Oaks 
The G reat Northwest 
684-11 23 
$38,5oo to $55,1oo 
FM 471 at Culebro 
'• VA, EHA, Conventional 
• Fireplaces • Double Garages 

• North East or Northside Schools. 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• W HISPERING O A K S • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 

• Rotting Mb and oak trees 
J 
• In North East or Northside School District I 

• Recreation areas 
^ U ffj 
Homes $5o,ooo to $12o,ooo 

Patio, Garden end Estate Homes. Or custom build, and choose decor 

HUNTER'S 
CREEK 

& 

% 
W 
S T 

BEFORE YOU SEU 
L e t u t m ake a C A S H offer for your home or equity. Call n o w 
The 
Home 
M art 
655 12o1 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
L e t us m ake a C A S H offer to r your home or equity. Call n o w 
The 
Home 
M o rt 
6S5-I2QI 

Buy R eal Estate cheap subscribe lo the 
Foreclosure 
Report, 
223-699o_____________________________ 

S C A SH F O R H O U S E S 5 
924 4288 Tom G arriso n 696-3615 

S CASHS 
F O R Y O U R H O M E OR E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G C O STS 
924 4331 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 

Cash for your Northside equity 
L a rry BornebevJ41 4455. 684 29o9 

492-1o68 » 494-5249 • 492-2272 

2o1 ~ REAL EST ATTNOTICES 

W anted to buy: Sm ut! equity in 
Northside home. Under $2,ooo. No attent* please. 337-6613 

W E B U Y H O M E S 
Fast Cash. No Closing Cost 
LaH om a Pro p erties, Inc 
I 
______________ 349-2679 j 

W EIL BUY YOUR HOME 
I or lot tor cash. F a s t service. W ill trade. 
B O B D e PA O LO 
344 3o91 
______________R E A L T O R 

 w h y P A Y R E N T ? Own your own home, no down p aym en t to an-; yone! Paym ents (ess than rent 
' Lloyd Montgom ery 
658-18o6 

LOOP 41o 

2o2 -HOUSES OPEN 

OPEN 1 2 :o o -6 :o o 
TWO CHANCES LEFT... 
•a buy a N fW 
3 b e d ro o m hom e In M IS S IO N TR A C I fo r undvr 
$ 6 o ,o o o . 
C lo te o u t price on 
2 m o d e l* is 
$ 5 3 ,7 5 o . each! 
Includes w asher, d ry e r ond re fr ig ­ e ra to r . , . N O closing costsl 
O ffe r good until 
M a y 
IS , 
1 9 7 7 , Com e see these b e a u ­ tifu l hom es a n d choose . . • lf you coni 
Call 6 9 6 -3 8 3 8 
GUY CHIPMAN CO. 
REALTORS 

A L L B R IC K 3 bedroom Wt bath 
H O M E B U IL T ON Y O U R LOT 
St4,95o IOU G ard ino off W A ve 
IM M E D IA T E CA SH 
F o r Y o u r Home. W e p ay all clos­ ing costs* W e also take trades s p t c i A b u i l d e r s " fnc.349 1491 
Coli 
1 ------------------ ------------- 
494 5571 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

635 8474 
532-3252 
C e n tu ry 21 

2a44^IOPERTY OUT OF TOMM 

4 A C R E S NO D O W N 
S3! 99 mo 
Lake L B J, call 341-2oo3. 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone con buy. V ets don't use their eligib ility. 3-4 bedroom s, 2 bath, som e w ith a ir and all a p ­ pliances. 
Paym ents less rent. 
B O B D e PA O LO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

3 Bed ro om s, 2 b aths, IO a cre s , outbuildings, 1-742 8oo2. 

IHT ACTION NUMBfR 
FOR TAST Rf SUITS 
P f Cf YOUR WANT AO 
IN THI IX PRISS N IW S 
C A II 225 1666* 

TOR TH I i ASTI ST R fS U U S 
ON A W ANT AD 
THI N U M B fR IO CALL 
IS 225-1666 
(X P R IS S AND NCWS 

P R O P E R T Y O W N E R S 
W e only charge $3oo commission fo r s e llin g h o m e s C H A R L E S 
W A T T S R E A L E S T A T E 732*2918, 
732-5355, 228-91o4 ___________________ 
S E L L IN G Y O U R O W N H O M E ? ? 
Need action now ? Lis t it with ftart M cC o rm ick R ealto r 344-5564 

B Y O W N E R , 5 y r. old oil b rick home, 3 bedroom, 2 both, central heat-air on 4 a c re s w ith lots of tr e e s 
I m i. 
N W of th on 
Fredericksburg. 565,ooo. 333-3764 

4 U N IT S F u r n is h e d M a s o n ry 
Good investm ent in good rental a re a 
Inco m e $4oo Mo. $35,9oo. 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
1$ 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 tX PR fS S AND N fW S 

ALAMO HOTS BEAUTY 
Lux ury townhome with J levels of outstanding living. The d iscrim in ­ a tin g b u y e r w ill e n io v th e 3 sp acio u s b ed ro o m s. 21; b a th s , 
Iii aplace, lovely carpeted atrium and many balconied patio. A rea co n tro lle d a ir co n d itio n e d and other eiegan! am entias are pluses in this home. Nites 653-4139 north loop inc. 
R E A L T O R S - M L S _________ 828-5636 
3 B E D R O O M , I both, one-story 
Wotkmg distance to school. Only 
524,ooo 
349 4276 
494-233$ 
JIM VIA , R E A L T O R 
B y O w ner. Spacious I bedroom condom inium , b eautifully la n d s ­ caped, storage, brick patio, fine location. 656 4178. 

CENTURY 21 

[Second Page 
Express-News— Monday May 2, I 9 77 i 

I 
SPECIAL REDUCED 
I 

1 
P R I C E 
I 
| ONLY X I LEFT J 

| A T $ 4 4 ,2 o o I 

£ 
Extra large w ooded Vi aer* woad 
• J ’ 

£ 
»d lot. 4 -2 -2 features; handcraf 
£ 

5 ted wood burning firtptora pi we £■ 

£ wail to wall carpeting, (fogie ( b e f » 
2 oil electric kitchen, electric s 
£ garage door opener, full energy 2 
2 saving package with oil brick too- 2 
, 2 straction loca ted in prestigious » 
2 
O AK (R IEK . Conventional finan- 2 
2 etna with 5 % down These Tonies 2 
2 will not be available for sidle b u H £ 
5 few days, (all today 
£ 
I TOM HOTMAN 
I 
I DOUG HOWARD J 
684-3112 
I 

 m i n i 
* 
T E R R E L L M I L L S , b e a v f t f q t l v d e ­ s i g n e d , c u s t o m b u i l t 3 b e d r o o m , i i b o t h * w i t h d e n a n d m u s i c sit- l i n o o n a b e a u t . r u t ty l a n d s c a p e d c o r n e r lot 
H U G H E S 4 B R I S C O E 
9 2 4 4 3 3 1 
R E A L T O R S 
3 3 1 9 3 5 8 

TERREII HULS 

(H it, year round living to n be yours ta this elegant country manor style home Grateful en­ try, formal living with f M P I ACE, dining, library 
Casual yet lu x­ urious family and game room, took on to beautifully landscaped 
(of with pool 
S 3 1'? plus gtfs 
874 S2/9, 826 S6oO 

OFF DEVIN E RD . freshly painted inside, brick home on LOVELY QUIET LOT. Near 
Trinity. 
Country kitchen with fireplace, 3 -t% - 732-1291, 826 
3349 

O LM OS PARK 
Stately 2 story rock home on cor­ ner lot: High ceilings, living room with fireplace, dining, study. 
Beautiful pool. 3 -2’ '? plus gtrs. 

TERRELL HILLS 
Have a feeling of Contemporary comfort in this unusual split level with garden room, all new gourmet kitchen. 3-2. 

TERRELL KILLS 
Beautifully maintained stone end cedar home. 3 actios, ssporaie living and dining. 3-2. 826-3728, 
733 8946 
C A R O LY N G R A H A M 

R EA LTO R 82 6 -8 6 73 A N Y T I M E 

LOW EQUITY le t us show you this attractive 2 bedroom, 2 both townhome with 

 completely equipped kitchen. 
Convenient to landolph, Et. Som end 
Windsor 
Pork 
(foil. 
Im ­ mediate occupancy 
KIRBY 
The price on this ottrortive 3 bedroom, IVV bath home (sos just been reduced $2,ooo It can be financed on a VA, EHA, or Con­ ventional loan. Centred w -h e a t, completely equtpped kitchen and fenced yard with trees. 

FO R DETAILS A N D V IE W IN G 

C A LL 6 5 3 -o 5 7o A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

MOVE IN—NOTHING DOWN 

Several northeast homes and townhouses 3 bedroom, I V? baths, combination living-dining rooms, some with family rooms and fire­ places Corage, fenced, patios, trees low K ls Easy terms Just a PHONE 
CALL away1 

T R 
A 
D 
E I N 

 your old house for a new aft brick home 

EASY TO DO: 

Y o u p ic k o n e of o u r n e w 

 h o m e s a n d w e to k e y o u r 

 o ld h o u s e in tr o d e . 
N o 

 b o t h e r , n o d o u b le p a y * 

 rn e n fs. 

Ced i to d a y o n h o w t o 

 tr a d e in y o u r o ld h o u s e 

 o n a n e w a ll b ric k h o m e . 
6 5 9 -o 4 7 1 

REAL ESTATE u s 
- H o m e 
S MODEL HOMES 
FOR SALE 

C O N V IN T tO N JIt 5 % D O W N 
W e h a ve several 3 

 b e d r o o m plans. 

All M ODEL HOMES will be sold with drapes, fully landscape front and backyards. Driveways will be poured 

A U K O M IS F EA T U R E: 
\S 1o o% Brick Construction i/’ 

Handcrafted 
Woodburnmg 

Fireplace s '* Energy v ' Saving 

Package h " Corpet u " Central 

 heat oir \S Deluxe Magic Chef o# 

Electric Kitchen 
2 Cor Garage 
OPEN 9-9 
WOODSTONE 
CALL 
JOHN GILLIAM 
6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 
| 

WE CAN NOW TAKE 
] 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
| 
$ 1 M O V E I N V A 
I 

' 5 % D O W N C O N V E N T I O N A L J 
NO PAYMENT TUI TUNE 77 

3 a m i 
4 be d r o o m p l a n s 
I 

{ $ 3 7 , 5 o o 
» o 
$ 4 4 , 9 5 o 
I 
All hom es feature energy I saving package, central 
I heat-air, carpet and I hand rotted w oodhen mg fireplaces, deluxe M a gic 
Chef al! electric kitchen, and 2 car garage. 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TWIN CREEK 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 

T E R R E L L H I L L S 
F i n d w n o t y o u ' v e s e e n l o o k i n g f o r c l o s e t o t o w n . F t . S a m a n d t h e 
O u t l i n e . J b d r m s . ? b a t h s , t u t e e y a r d 
SXS OOO, 
8 2 4 - o 1 7 1 , 
H i l e s ess-8 12) 
H e m t i 
N e rtfm o *t 

 a l o 

M o m # * 

N o r t h w a t f 

2 1 2 

B O B M C G IN N IS 

R E A L T O R S l 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

R E A L T O R S 

S p a c i o u s h o m e o f q u a l i t y c o n s t r u c t i o n , 3 o r 4 b e d r o o m s , 3 b a t h s , l u x u r y k i t c h e n , p r i c e d b e l o w r e p l a c e m e n t , s t 12 ,o o o 
W i l t c o n s i d e r s m a l l e r h o m e in t r o d e . 
191 7 39o, 8 2 6-3835________________ 

L A R G E 3 - 2 1 e n e r g y t o y i n g h o m e . C a r p e t , f e n c e d . $28 ,96o 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494 M g t 

L A R G E F A M I L Y 
4-2 , l a r g e r o o m s , l a r g e s i n g l e l i v ­ i n g o r c a , c o r p e t t h r u o u f , f e n c e d y a r d w i t h s m a l l g a r d e n . A s s u m e 
1 U % V A l o a n w i t h S t e ? p a y m e n t s . 
O w n e r w ill c o n s i d e r s e c o n d lie n 

T H E G O O D L I F E l i v e it in t h i s i m m a c u l a t e , c o m f o r t a b l e h o m e in 
C a s t l e 
P a r k ! 
S s p a c i o u s b e d r o o m s , 3 b a t h s 
L i v i n g a n d d i n i n g r o o m s , o p e n t o o b r i g h t s u n r o o m w i t h a t r e e - s t a n d i n g f i r e ­ p l a c e ! F a m i l y r o o m 2 o X 1 3 , b u ­ t l e r s p a n t r y , . s t o r a g e g a l o r e . 
L o v e l y , G a r y p o o l u n d e r m a n y t r e e s . N o r t h e a s t s c h o o l s . 
583.2oo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

A l a m o 
H g t s . 
S c h o o l 
C i s t . 
4 B e d r o o m , 3 - b a t h , d e n , d i n i n g , l i v i n g r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e , c e n t r a l c i i r - h e a t , c o h o , s c r e e n e d p o r c h , l a r g e s t o r e r o o m , 
8 2 8 - 1 o 2 1 , 
824 85o8 

Mom #* 

S e o r t s # a t t 

2 1 4 

Hom es 

S o u t h w e s t 
2 16 

I J U S T L I S T E D 
R i g h t o f t S a n P e d r o , n e a r 1 * o 4 . L a r g e c u s t o m b u f f i h o m e w i t h o v e r 1 9 o o s q f t o n l a r q e tot w i t h m o n y t r e e s . L o w 
S O S 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 

13 13 2 l a r k l a i r 
2 f i r e p l a c e s , c o n v e n i e n c e a n d e n ­ e r g y - s a v i n g f e a t u r e s m a k e t h i s l o v e l y 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h t h e b e s t b u y in i o w n o f $3 8,9 oo C a l l S o n y a q t H O M E O W N E R M A R K E T I N G 
S V C 
349-4373. 
_________ _ us-Hom e us-Hom e) 
O L M O S P A R K • E l e g a n t 3 b e d r o o m , J 1 j b o m r e s i d e n c e , m a n y f i n e r f e a t u r e s l i k e e l e c t r o n i c p o l ­ le n f i lt e r s , b o s k e t w e a v e c i r c u l a r p a t i o , m i n i a t u r e g r e e n h o u s e . F o r c o n f i d e n t i a l d i s c u s s i o n , c o il 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o / SS til 8 p i n 

O n l y S 3o.5oo f o r 3-2-2 in N E . H is s s t o v e a n d r e f n g 
N o d o w n p a y m t . 
S45o d o s i n g G i l b e r t , 822 58o8 

 a i l l l l l l l l l H l l l t f t i l l l U I U U U l l t l l t i i n 

O F C E N T R A L T E X A S 
L O C A T I O N . 
C O N D I T I O N , 
P R I C E . S p a c i o u s 4 b e d r o o m o n l a r g e c o r n e r lot. T w o l i v i n g o r e a s . 
F i r e p l a c e c a r p e t e d , d i s h w a s h e r a n d r a n g e . T w o c o v e r e d p a t i o s . 
545,5oo. N i l e s 6 5 3 -6 11 6 

(OLMOS PARK) 
FIRST OFFERING 
„ 
Spurious and gracious. This is a must see. Beautifully landscaped 
Heated pool, St Charles kitchen, maid quarters plus paneled office with bath. 3,ooo sq ft. plus living orea. for details, call frank 
Rodondi, 3 4 1-9 19 1, 
Hites 344- 
1932. 
(PARK-LIKE YARD) 
All brick 27S7 sq. ft. of living oreo, 
22 ft game room plus separate living, dining and family room with fireplace. Heated poof end mony other extras. Close to 
Medical Center Open terms. Coll frank 
Rofondi 
341-9191, 
Niles 
344 1932 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
341-9191 
656-552o 
691-1121 

R E A L T O R S - P e r r i n B e t t e ) O l e 
T H E H I L L S 
N o q u a l i f y i n g , l o w e q u i t y , 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , d e n , c e n t r a l h e a t - a i r , 2 c o r g a r a g e , c oll A n n 
EHA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
Realtor 
648-337o 

NORTH STAR HILLS 
1 o o S 4 r o c k 
3 - 2 - 1 , c e n f r q l h e m a n d a i r , p a t i o , p r i v a c y f e n c e , l i v i n g r o o m , f a m i l y r o o m . A x s u m e a n d r e f i n a n c e . 
H I T C S 3 4 o - 4 8 3 6 
NO CITY TAXES 
V . bri ck 3 - 2 - 2 w i t h d r e s s in g a m u in m o s t e r b e d r o o m , sing le l iv in g a r e a w i t h fi r e p la c e , b u il t -i n k i t c h o n , c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g, p a t i o , d r a p e s . 
O p o n t e r m s , l o w 
$ 4 o V 
H I T E S 6 5 6 - 4 1 8 9 
$2ooo BELOW MARKET 
3 - l ’/>-1 in D e e r R u n . P r ic e d r e a lly l o w f o r q u ic k s a le . 
* 1 9 , B O O . N I T E * 3 4 9 - 4 8 3 6 . 
CALL 494-5571 

D E L I G H T F U L 
3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , c e n t r o ) a i r - h e o f - c o r p e t 
B a c k y a r d g a r d e n p a r a d i s e $29,9oo. N i l e s 6 5 3 -7 4 8 7 . 
RICH MAN'S VIEW ... at o moderate pine 
Brand new 4-2 2, located at 
“ TOP-OF-THE-Hlll” 
Big. lug rear yard 
Big double garage Hill Country fork retainer 
», oil tots of doss and living at 
S36,ooo SIDO Move rn VA. First 

 payment July 1st 
828-6343, Eves. 653-3675 

I T M 
! C O R N E 1 1 U S 
/ 

ENCHANTED 
VILLAGE 

2 bedroom, 2 both luxury am t 

Fireplace, fully carpeted, some 

 yard $41,Soo 

3 bedroom, 2 both, folly carpeted. 

Excellent condition $39,5oo. 
349-4276 
342-5o18 

JIM VIA, REALTOR 

O P E N H O U S E S U N D A Y 1-6 
“ TERRELL HILLS” 

Price is right on this 4 bedrom. 3 bath home Hew kitchen, newly pointed inside and out. Move in condition. Coll us for details 
“ ALAMO HGTS.” 

Hear 
(om bndge 
Schools 
3 bedrooms, specious high ceilings, assume loan. Price $35,75o 

OFFICE 822-33o1 
H ARTM AN REALTORS 

Century 21 Century 21 
ONLY HERE! 
• N e w 
Brick 
H o m e s o n 
Aer-' e d g e 
, e B r e a t h ta k in g V i e w s 
• W o o d e d Sites f o r P U I V A C r e 4 Choice N o r t h C o m m u n it ie s 
(Including N e w Braunfe ls) o L o w T a x e s M a k e e o s y P u r ­ chase Te rm s a 1 7oo Sa. f t . l iv in g - 2 Cur 
C o r a g e * 3 7 , 5 o o e 3 6 8 o Sq. f t . Livin g - 2 C a r 
O a r o g e * 4 9 , 7 3 o . 
S e a rc h Che H o m e M a r k e t O v e r 
T H I N Coll US L 

T H I S O N E H A S I T a l l , p r e s t i g e l o c a t i o n , q u a l i t y a n d b e a u t y 
N o r t h w o o d E s t a t e s 
C u s ­ t o m b u i l t . O n l y 13 y e a r s o l d . F a n ­ t a s t i c y a r d w i t h b ig t r e e s s u r ­ r o u n d s t h is 3-2-2. D e n p l u s f o r m a l a r e a s L o a d e d w i t h l u x u r y e x t r a s . 
O n l y S93.Soo 

H A P R E S E R 653 6 1 8 2 A n y t i m e 

D o c t o r s H o u s e 
T r e e s ' 
3 b e ­ d r o o m , 2 b a t h , s t u d y . A l l a p p H o n c e s b a n t i n . $39,5oo . 656-o52 2. 

T R I C O , R e a l t o r s 349 6491 
E L D O R A D O 
B y O w n e r 
3 -2 - 2 , p l u s r o o m f o r y o u r R V I , t o o m a n y e x t r a s to list S 47 .5 oo. 653 o87 9 o r 656 -1 441 

L O W E Q U I T Y A N D A S S U M E 
V A l o a n o n l o v e l y 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h n o m e 
N e a r W i n d s o r P a r k 
M a l t . N o a u a i i f y m q . 
R O U G H 
R I D E R 
R E A L T Y , 
65 4 -7 13 1______________ 

5 SCO d o w n . A s s u m e S t 7 5 m o 3-2 t . 
D r i v e B y 9811 E v e n i n g W a y C a l l 
F I O 2 1 1 278 3186 c o ll e c t 
C O N S I D E R O F F E R . 1 8 o o s a l f h o m e , 3 b e d r o o m , I i b a t h , 
I l a r g e l i v i n g o r e o w i t h c a t h e d r a l c e il in g , l o w 4o 's . 
M a r n e H o r t o n 3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 , 653-5936 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 

E L D O R A D O 
B Y O W N E R 
3-2-2. s p a c i o u s m o s t e r b e d r o o m , s u n k e n l i v i n g r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e 
F a m i l y r o o m 
F u l l c a r p e t f e n c e d . 
N o a g e n t s 653 58/ 4, 656-3424 
Century 21 

W h i t e h e a d - H o t i d a v 
684 371 1 
R E A L T O R S 

T M I C H A R M E R 
H i g h c e il in g s , d a r k s t a i n e d h a r d ­ w o o d f l o o r s , f i r e p l a c e i n l i v i n g r o o m , b e a u t i f u l k i t c h e n , m a n y , m o n y b u il t - i n s . T h i s is w h a t e v e r ­ y o n e w a n t s so y o u b e t t e r h a r r y . 
824 323 3, 82 2-59 73 

 a a sso ciat es 
Swmney Cc 

, 
4 o 2 - 1 6 7 2 
653-o29o 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o 1 

L a r g e 3 b e d r o o m h o m e w i t h s e p a r a t e l i v i n q , d i n i n g o n d f a m i l y r o o m , B i g y a r d w i t h m o n y t r e e s 
545,5oo. 
653-435o 

B Y O W N E R C A M E L O T ll 
I M M A C U L A T E 4 -2 1 , c a r p e t s , b u i t t - m s , b e a u t i f u l f e n c e d y a r d 
5 2 7 , 5 o o . 5 2 o o o d o w n , p a y m e n t s 
$26o m o . B o e r n e T x 336-2442. 

L a C h a r c o is a w o n d e r f u l s t r e e t lo l iv e o n S e e t h is 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , o n e f a m i l y l i v i n g a r e a w i t h t a r g e r o c k f i r e p l a c e . C e d a r t r i m m e d h o u s e is t h e i n T h i n g " . C a l l 
822 33o1 o r 735-6638 

P f P .R IN B E I T E L 
R D A R E A 
3-2 2, p r i v a c y f e n c e d , e q u i t y a n d a s s u m e 7 % V A l o a n , B y O w n e r , 
653-5819 
_________ 
GARDEN RIDGE 
T w o b e d r o o m , 2 j b o t h . t o w n * h o m e rn b e a u t i f u l S a n P e d r o H i l l s . 
C u s t o m d r a p e d , e l e c t r i c d o o r o p e n e r 
O n a m u c h m o r e . 
O n l y 
$43 ,8oo 
349-1436 A n y tim e 
A Lackland Beauty 
1 
,„“ '!.Y ot ? r „ c, : ; p7o lo „. 
A l t b r i c k 3 - 2 - 1 , O k l a h o m a s t o n e 
C o m p l e t e l y r e p a i n t e d , p a n e l i n g , f i r e p l a c e . S p a c i o u s 6o f t . l i v i n g - n o w r o o t , 
I y e a r o l d , l e r q e p a t i o in f a m i l y a r e a , c a r p e t e d , f e n c e d , f e n c e d v o r d . M U C H m o r e ! m o n y e x t r a s . O w n e r . 
T e r m s 1 6 / S - 2 152. o p e n 
6 7 3 ) 5 9 2 o r 2 2 8 - o 8 o o 7 5 2 3 
Westfield Dr_______________________ R E Q H A R D F ! 

A L M O S T J A C R E S ! IOO y e a r o l d I 
V c 
A l T O D A o a k s s u r r o u n d q u a l i t y o l d e r h o m e I 
-------------------■ 
------------------------- o n l y m i n u t e s f r o m M e d i c a l c e n t e r a n d U T S A . S h u t t e r e d l i v i n g o r e a h a s l o v e l y f i r e p l a c e , f o r m a l a n d i n f o r m a l d i n i n g , d e l i g h t f u l b u il t - i n k i t c h e n a n d c h e e r f u l s u n r o o m . 
T h e f a n t a s t i c s o l a r i u m is 1 2 x 3 1 . 
A d i o i n i n g 3 b e d r o o m , I b a t h q u e s t h o u s e b a s l i v i n g r o o m , d i n i n g o r e a o n d c o m p l e t e k i t c h e n . T h i s p r o p e r t y o f f e r s p r i v a c y , c o n v e n ­ i e n c e a n d Q u a l i t y f o r t h e d i s ­ c r i m i n a t i n g b u y e r . $ 1 3 o , o o o 
494-7651 A N Y T I M E 

R E A L T O R S - W a l z e m O l e 

M A C 
A R T H U R 
H I G H 
5 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h h o m e , n e a r s c h o o l s a n d s h o p p i n g is i d e a l t o r a l a r g e f a m i l y ! L i v i n g , d i n i n g r o o m s . . . b i g k i t c h e n C o v e r e d p a t i o ! 
$3 7,5 oo 
R E A L T O R S 
4 9 4 - 7 7 7 1 

D R E A M L A N D O A K S 
3 B e d r o o m , 4 b o t h . S a l t i ll o tile a n d c a r p e t 
H u g e m o s t e r b e d r o o m a n d b a t h . L a r g e g a m e r o o m , w e t b a r 
A t t a c h e d u t i l it y b l d g . , l a r g e y a r d , p a t i o , m a n y t r e e s 
V e r y p r i v a t e 
28oo S a . F L , N E I S D 
B v a p p l o n l y , 349-2 o o 7, o t t e r J a n d w k n d s A s k i n g $ 7 7,o o o ._____________ 

I N S U N N Y G A R D E N R O O M o f th is b e t t e r t h a n n e w h o m e w i t h i n b l k s o f W o o d r i d g e E l e m F o r m a l h y i n g d i n i n g , h u g e f a m i l y r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e , 3-2' i-3- 824-4571 

E L D O R A D O L O W E Q U I T Y 
3-2 2. l a n d s c a p e d t o p e r f e c t i o n o n d c o m p l e t e w i t h a h o b b y l o b b y , s e l f - c i e a n m g o v e n , w a t e r s o f t e n e r o n d r e f r i g to o . C o l l 6S6 -12 3 4 f JUST USTED-OAK 
HILLS 
Jogging distance to O a k Hills 
Club or 
South 
Texas M edico! 
Center. 
R olling hills, shade trees surroun d this exclusive 3 bed room . 2 b o th h o m e , 2 com ­ plete ond sep arate living arabs. 
W O N H A S T L O N G . . . 

BOB M C G I N N I S ® ® 
REALTORS 
V 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 I 
^ 
7 

— 
C H A R T E R O A K S 
B r i c k a n d C e d a r 2 s t o r y on c h o ic e c o r n e r l o t . B e a u t i f u l K I D N E Y ­ 
S H A P E D P O O L W e t b a r , d r a p e s , m a n y e x t r a s . 4 b e d r o o m s , 3 l u x a r y b a t h s . $ 7 6 ,5 o o . 
R E A L T O R 
6 91 -1 3o o 

F I R S T O F F E R I N G 
A b e a u t i f u l b l e n d o f o l d o n d t h e n e w . A n u n u s u a l f l a g s t o n e a t r i u e n t r y u n i t e 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , w i t h 3o X 2o l i v i n g - d i n i n g , d e n , k i t c h e n , a n o t h e r b e d r o o m p l u s I b a t h s , l i v i n g r o o m h a s h i g h c e i l i n g s a n d a b e a u t i f u l l a r g o s t o n e f i r e p l a c e . O v e r 25 o o s q . f t . 
P r i c e d a f 
$82,5oo. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
653 -5259 
S U E W E E M S V. A S S O C . 

P R A Y T H E E L O O K 
C o u n t r y c h a r m t o r a s q u i r e ' s p r i d e , c u s t o m - b u i l t 5 b e d r o o m f e a t u r e s o l d - f a s h i o n e d l i v i n g s p o c e iii a C o n t e m p o r a r y 2 - f i c r d e s i g n 
N E I S D . , 5 6 9 ,5 o o . C a l l 
S o n y a a t H O M E O W N E R M A R 
K E T I N G S V C 
349 4 3 7 ] 

A L L a m m e n t i e s , f r o m f i r e p l a c e to w e t b o r to g o u r m e t k i t c h e n , 4 b e ­ d r o o m s , l o v e l y e s t a b l i s h e d y a r d . 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M E S __________ 

B r o o n S t a t i o n E a s t . B e a u t i f u l S b e d r o o m , T r i - l e v a l h o m e f o r s a t e . 
O n l a r g e lo t w i t h o a k t r e e s . B v 
O w n e r . 684-o198_____________________ 

M A R I O N , T X - 6o y e a r o ld h o u s e . 
3 b e d r o o m s , l i v i n g r o o m , d i n i n g r o o m , f r u i t t r e e s a n d a l m o s t o n e a c r e ! 18 m i f r o m L o o p . 1 -4 2 o - 2 1 7 4 o r o t i c . 824 6381 

E L D O R A D O 
3 2-2, c o r n e r t o t , 3 y r s o l d 
F r e s h l y p a i n t e d , l a r g e f a m i l y r o o m , f i r e p l a c e , s p a c i o u s m a s t e r b e d r o o m , u t i l i t y r o o m , c o v e r e d p o l i o , b r i c k S B O . w a l e r s o f t e n e r 
M a n y a d d e d e x t r a s ! 
$45.9oo 656 1336 
___________ 

I y r e ld 4 2' t i 
N e a r W i n d c r e s t . 
L a r g e 2 s t o r y h o m e . A M a r e a s 
M i n t c o n d i t i o n . C a l l 
C U N H A R E A L T Y 
653 41 1 1 

5 3 , o o o 
E q u i t y , 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n t s o f $ 1 2 7 . M o 
3 B e d r o o m s , 1-t i b o t h s , o t h e r e x t r a s , 
656 1466 a t te r 6 P M 
______ 

E x e c u t i v e h o m e w i t h o v e r 34oo sq. ft . o f l u x u r y , i n c l u d i n g s u n k e n l i v i n g r o o m , l a r g e s e p a r a t e d i n ­ i n g , S a l t i l l o t i l e e n t r y 
L o v e l y h e a t e d p o o l s e t i n b e a u t i f u l l y l a n d s c a p e d y a r d - 4-3 -2. 8 2 4 -4 5 7 1 

B r i g h t a n d y e l l o w , y o u ' l l l o v e t h e o p e n n e s s o f t h i s f l o o r p l a n . T w o e a t i n g a r e a s w i t h a c c e s s t o c o v e r e d p a t i o . F i r e p l a c e in o n e l i v i n g o r e a p l u s c a r p e t 
L o t s o f c lo s e t s p a c e , p r i c e d a t $37, 9 5 o . 
6S8-3S35 A n y tim e 

3-2-2 l o v e l y 17 o o s a ft. b r i c k h o m e w i t h s p a c i o u s f a m i l y r o o m , l a r g e l i v i n g r o o m o n d m a s t e r b e d r o o m . w a l l t o w a l l c a r p e t i n g , c u s t o m d r a p e s , c o v e r e d p a t i o , f i r e p l a c e . 
W e l l k e p t f e n c e d v o r d . 7 % l o o n , m a k e t h i s h o m e w o r t h s e e i n g 
545,9oo. 655-8853 
__________________ 

Y o u r o l d h o u s e o n a h o m e o f y o u r c h o i c e . D e t o i l s o f n o o b l i g a t i o n . 
6 5 4 -7 1 3 1 
R O U G H R I D E R R E A L T Y 

E t D o r a d o , 3 y r . 4 -2 2, C a l l a f t e r 
3 P M , w e e k d a y s , 
6 5 5 -1 o 2 8 . 
( i n 
SSO S)________________________________ 

B Y O W N E R 
T h i s 
I U y r . o l d l a n d s c a p e d , c a r p e t e d 3 - 2 - 2 f e a ­ t u r e s o d i n i n g r o a m w i t h fu l l m i r ­ r o r e d w o l l , p a n e l e d f a m i l y r m - f i r e p l a c e , B O N U S R O O M , B r e a k f a s t b a y , r o s e g a r d e n s , s m o k e a l a r m , r o o t t u r b i n e s . F e n c e d . A s * s u m e S339 m o . 6 8 4 -3 1 4 7 _____________ 

R E A L T Q R S - 5 o Y e a r s o t T R U S T 

A N E W L I S T I N G , J u s t $ 375 o d o w n in J o h n M a r s h a l l M e a d o w s . 3-2-2, 
684 4 2 11 P I O N E E R R E A L T Y 
3 -1 -1 , E x c e l l e n t c o n d i t i o n , a l l a p p li a n r .e s p l u s w a s h e r - d r y e r . C e n t 
A i r - H e o L A s s u m e $ 1 7 6 p e r m o . 
P l u s l o w e a u i t y o r r e f i n a n c e . 
52o,9oo 656 1395. 
Century 21 

L o v e l y 5 b e d r o o m , e x e c u t i v e s t y l e f a m i l y h o m e w i t h r o o m to e n t e r ­ t a i n t h e w h o l e c o m p a n y . H e a t e d p o o l w i t h w h i r l p o o l , h u g e D ’ H a n i s t i l e p a t i o a n d s p r i n k l e r s y s t e m . 
P r i c e d r i g h t ! U n d e r $ 1 o o ,o o o . 
826 o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826 -62 7 2 
S U E W E E M S S. A S S O C . 

A N G L E S A N D A N G L E S ! D e c k s a n d g l a s s d o o r s in a v e r s a t i l e , c o m f o r t a b l e h o m e w i t h a f a n t a s t i c v i e w ! S e t o n a p p r o x . I a c r e w i t h a f t r e p l a c e d l i v i n g r o o m , s e p a r a t e d i n i n g r o o m a n d a 2 o X 1 9 f a m i l v - g a r o e r o o m . 4 b e d r o o m s , 2 % b a t h s , s c a t t e r e d o n 3 l e v e l s ' 
1 7 1 ,9 o o 
R E A L T O R S 
4 9 4 - 7 7 7 1 

O a k t r e e d g r o u n d s c o m p l i m e n t t h is 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h h o m e w i t h s w i m m i n g p o o l , 4 t h b e d r o o m o r q u a r t e r s , S a l t i l l o f i l e d l i v i n g a r e a s , 2 p a t i o s , J f i r e p l a c e s . 
$ 1 25,o o o. 824-o284. 

B y o w n e r , E l D o r a d o , 4 2 2, f o r m a l l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g , d e n w i t h f i r e p l a c e , a p p r o x 2ooo s a . I t . 7 % % 
V A . 656-6833. 

R E A L T Q R S - R o n d o l p h O t c 

P R I C E R E D U C E D ! 
4 b d r rn A l a m o H a t s 
L a r g e , f o r ­ m a l l i v i n g , e l e c t r i c k i t c h e n , d e n , l o v e l y h o m e i n q u i e t n e i g h b o r ­ h o o d $46,5oo. 7 3 6 -1 9 1 8 . 

E L A I N E L U D W I G & A S S O C 

C H O I C E H E L O T E S P R O P E R T Y 
56 a c r e s o f f S c e n i c L o o p . P l a c e f o r h o r s e s , c o r r a l s , b u r n s , s h e d s . S e ­ c l u d e d in t h e v a l l e y . S p a c i o u s r o c k 3 b e d r o o , 2 b o t h , l a r g e l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g w i t h f i r e p l a c e , o i l e l e c t r i c k i t c h e n . 6 f i s h p o n d s 
$175 ,o o o . 8 2 4-o12 1 A N Y T I M E 

B y o w n e r . 3-2-2. F i b e r g l a s s s w i m - m m g p o o l . 1 o x 3 o c o v e r e d p a t i o . 
D e l i g h t f u l v i e w W a l k i n g d i s t a n c e , 
R e g i o n a l P o s t O f f i c e F a c i l i t y 
54o,5oo 655 o74 4 
________________ 

3 l a r g e b e d r o o m s , f u l l y c a r p e t e d , f a m i l y r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e , 2 ' ; b a t h , d o u b l e g a r a g e . A s s u m e l o w e q u i t y a t $288 m o . 
653-435o 

 o n d o n e b l o c k o w o y , o i l b r i c k 3 b e d r o o m s , d e n , c e n t r a l h e a t - a i r . 
$ 3 7,5 oo. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S __________ 

B U S T O P I B L O C K . 2 b e d r o o m s , d e n , s t o v e . $2oo d o w n 
6 96-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 6 8 4-6 169 

Q U I C K P O S S E S S I O N 
B y O w n e r , F o x R u n . 4 2 2, 2,o oo s a . ft 
% A c r e . B e a u t i f u l h o m e , a s s u m e . $ 1 3 , O O O e q u i t y , $ 3 8 , 4 o o 
B a l a n c e , 656-4o43.___________________ 

B v O w n e r . 4 - 2 - 2 , i n L a r k s p u r . 
N i c e l a n d s c a p e , c o v e r e d p a t i o , 
♦ ir e p io c e , 54o,8oo. C o l l 653-9432 

V a c a n t - 4 b e d r o o m - 1 l i v i n g a r e a 
• f i r e p l a c e - a l m o s t n e w • c o r n e r lo t • f e n c e d 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 
E a s y a s s u m p t i o n - t o w e q u i t y - 8 % lo a n 
69o 936o 
342-428 6 
C L I N T W E I L B A C H E R 

T o s e l l t h i s l o v e l y 3 b e d r o o m h o m e in C h u r c h i l l H i g h S c h o o l 
D i s t r i c t . 
S e p a r a t e d i n i n g , s p a c i o u s d e n , f i r e p l a c e , l a r g e l a n d s c a p e d y a r d 
3 4 1 - 7 2 o 1 . n i t e s 
342-o692. 
A s k loc 
V I R G I N I A 
N I E N D O R F F 

A P R I C E R E D U C T I O N 
R E A L T O R S W a l z e m Otc: 
T o b u y t h i s i m m a c u l a t e 3 b e ­ d r o o m , 2 b a t h h o m e w i t h l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g r o o m p l u s f a m i l y r o o m , g r e a t l o c a t i o n a n d p r i c e d o f o n l v $34,5oo. N i l e s 6 55-7492. 

F I R E 
Y O U 
L A N D L O R D a n d m o v e i n to t h is 3 b e d r o o m , t b a t h i n E a s t V i l l a g e 
P a y m e n t s l o w e r t h a n r e n t 
A ll a p p l i a n c e s e x c e p t d r v e r A s s u m e V A l o o n a n d m o v e in r i g h t a w a y 
C a t ! 8 2 8 - 8 1 9 5 a n d a s k f o r R o y R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S SO Y e a r s o f T R U S T 

C M 
F U R R C O 
■ S p e c ia liz in g in N o r t h s i d e H o m e s ’ 
7 3 3 -7 1 4 1 
344-1633 

B A R G A I N H U N T I N G ? 5375 is all if t a k e s to g e t i n f o t h i s 3 b e d r o o m h o m e w i t h a i r , a p p l i a n c e s a n d c o r p e t . D o n ' t p a s s it u p ! 696 -o974 
F o r t u n a A s s o c i a t e s , 6 9 6 -14 12 

2 u n i t s o n K P ' t l o n p l u s 4 r o o m h o u s e o n c a r p e r lot in w e l l k e p t a r e a P r i c e d to sell. 8 2 4 -4 5 2 1 . -p i e s 
6 / 4 - o 7 4 4 
J 

2 A c r e s w i t h ISO o a k t r e e s , h o r s e s t a lls , a n d a b e a u t i f u l r o c k h o m e . 
L a r g e f a m i l v r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e . 
E n t e r t a i n o n t h e o v e r - s i z e d p a t i o . 
C a l l n o w . O w n e r a n x i o u s . 

B y 
O w n e r , 
L i v e 
O o f c . 
P r i c e r e d u c e d . 3-2-2, f i r e p l a c e , a s s u m e 
5321. 5o P a y m e n t s , 656 6 7 1 o 

N e w to m a r k e t 
AM b r i c k , s e p a r ­ a t e l i v i n g , d i n i n g , d e n a n d c o v e r e d p a t i o 
P r i v a c y f e n c e d , o n d o n l v $4 o,5oo 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
S c h n e i d e r R e a l t y 
68 4 -7 2 o o 

B y o w n e r . A l a m o H i l l s , 3 - 2 - t , c e n ­ t r a l o i r , h o o t , c a r p e t , l a r g e c o v e r e d p a t i o , f e n c e d , e q u i t y a n d a s s u m e p a y m e n t s 
5 1 6 9 m o . 
736-4 633, 6 8 1-1o 8 2 a s k f o r J o h n 

Century 21 
B Y O W N E R 
M u s t se ll ( o r r e n t ) ! 
3 -2 -2 , b r i c k , l a r g e l i v i n g r o o m • d i n i n g a r e a , c a r p e t e d 
A l l c o n ­ v e n i e n c e s , p r i v a c y f e n c e , c o r n e r lot C o n v e n i e n t to F o r t S a m , R a n d o l p h . M a l l s . N i c e n e i g h b o r h o o d i n W i n d s o r S a u a r e . E x c e l l e n t s c h o o l s . I m m e d i a t e o c c u p a n c y . 
A s s u m e 7 % V A l o a n 
P a y m e n t s 
$279 p e r m o 
E q u i t y 
$4 oo o. 
655 615 2__________ ___________ __ 

N o w - l o r s o l e ' ' I b l o c k o f f N . E . 
L o o p 4 1 o O n e b i g l i v i n g a r e a w i t h f i r e p l a c e . 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , p r o f e s s i o n a l l y c o n v e r t e d d o u b l e q a r a g e . 
W a l k t o e l e m e n t a r y s c h o o l s . S u p e r d e a l a t 539, SOO. 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 

Century 21 
J U S T L I S T E D , i m m a c u l a t e 3 he d r o o m h o m e i n p o p u l a r o r e a . 
B e a u t i f u l l a w n , g a r a g e d o o r o p e n e r , d r a p e s a n d o t h e r e x t r a s . 
$3 7,5 oo. 82 8 -8 2 4 1, n i t e s 6 56-8 2 15 . 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 242o A N Y T I M E 
N o d o w n p a y m e n t t o a n y o n e . 1-4 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , s o m e w i t h a i r a n t ) a p p l i a n c e s . P a y m e n t s l e s s t h a n r e n t ! 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 3o91__________________R E A L T O R 

B E A U T I F U L 
3 
B E D R O O M 
H o m e . P a y m e n t s u n d e r $ 1 6 o . 
O w n e r a n x i o u s t o s e l l . N o d o w n 
V A . C a l l n o w 
H U G H E S & B R I S C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
6/5 -o696 

R A N D O L P H A R E A . 5 B e d r o o m , 3 b a t h , c a t h e d r a l c e i l i n g s , s p m k l e r s y s t e m , c u l - d e - s a c . c o v e r e d p a t i o , m a n y e x t r a s . 6 5 8 - 2 4 1 9 _____________ 

S c h n e i d e r R e a l t y 
V a l e n c i a - B y o w n e r . 3 - 2 - 2 w i t h f i r e p l a c e o n d e x t r a s ! 
A s s u m e 
53o3 Q I 8 j ° o . 539,5oo. 656-1639 

F I R S T O F F E R I N G 
D e l i g h t f u l l y d e c o r a t e d 3 b e d r o o m h o m e in E a s t T e r r e l l H i l l s L a r g e p l a y h o u s e in b a c k y a r d O t t e r e d u t 
5 2 1 ,7 5 o . 826-6388. 

■ O U A D - P L E X ' D o - p v e r 
G o o d in v e s t m e n t o n M c C u r a u g h . $38,5 oo. 
H o l l y G r o s s o , 824 
165________ • 

T E R R E L L - - H I L L S . . . o n e v e n d o z e n u n i t s t h a t b r i n g a n e x c e l ­ l e n t r e t u r n ! 
O n e b e d r o o m a p a r t m e n t s f I O a r e f u r n i s h e d . . ^ a r e u n f u r n i s h e d ! J 
B e o u ' i t u l l o c a t e i . . . g r e a t c o n d i t i o n ! A r e a l t r a d * O f f e r e d a t $ 1 5o,o o o. 
R E A L T O R S 
824 -9631 

B e a u t i f u l 3 , o 1 9 s a . f t . e n e r g y s a v e r h o m e w i t h a s u p e r v i e w o n 
82 a c r e s . F o r m a t d i n i n g , s i n g l e l i v i n g a r e a w i t h f i r e p l a c e , s t u d y , o n d g o r m e t k i t c h e n . 
A l l f o r 
$7 4,5oo. 
699-1ooo Anytime 

O w n e r w i l l se ll t h i s v e r y n i c e 3 b e d r o o m h o m e 
V A o r 
P H A 
P a n e l e d d e n , n e a r e l e m e n t a r y s c h o o l a n d N o r t h S t a r M a l l . 
3 4 1 - 7 2 o 1 , n i t e s 7 3 2 - 7 5 6 5 . R E A L ­ 
T O R S . A s k f o r H E L E N L O P E Z 

B y o w n e r , 3 -2 -2, f i r e p l a c e , l a r g e c o u n t r y k i t c h e n , c u s t o m d r a p e s 
A s s u m e $26 6 m o p a y m e n t s a n d 
$35oo e q u i t y . 653 3 7 9 7 . 
__________ 

B Y O W N E R , b e a u t i f u l 3 b e d r o o m 
2 b a t h , l i v i n g r o o m a n d p a n e l e d d e n 
A s s u m e 
$ 1 7 7 m o n t h l y p a y m e n t , p l u s $ 2 3 ,5 o o e q u i t y o r p u r c h a s e f o r o n l y $ 3 8 ,5 o o . 7 1 2 6 
D e s i l U . 684-29 o7 . 

R E A L T O R S - P e r r i n B e l l e ) O f c 
B Y O W N E R - N e a r N o r t h S t a r 
M a t t . 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , c e n t r a l a i r . S e e t h i s o n e ! L o v e l y , o n e o w n e r . 826 -4447 o f t e r 5 P M 
V A L U E P L U S 
E x c e p t i o n a l 4-3-2 h o m e l o c a t e d in 
M a c A r t h u r 
T e r r a c e , l a r g e p r i v a c y f e n c e d y a r d w i t h 3 4 x 1 6 h e a t e d p o o l , g l a s s e d i n s u n r o o m , a u t o m a t i c s p r i n k l e r s y s t e m . O n l y 
$55,ooo. O p e n d a i l y 5 :3 o ill d u s k 
N O R T H E A S T P A R K 
N i c e 3 b e d r o o m h o m e i n q o o d c o n d i t i o n , s i t u a t e d i n a n i c e n e i g h b o r h o o d . J u s t r i g h t f o r a v o u n q c o u p l e a s a f i r s t h o m e . 
O n l y $24,5 oo a s s u m e C o n v e n t i o n a l 

 t h i s l o v e l y 4 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h h a s a c o v e r e d s c r e e n e d a n d c a r p e t e d p a t i o w i t h b u il t in p l a n t e r s G r e a t o u t d o o r l i v i n g ! F i r e p l a c e rn l i v i n g a r e a a n d p r i v a c y f e n c e d y a r d . 
5 41 ,5 oo. 681- 32 22, n i t e s 349 -6837. 

4 -2 ' 2-2, l a r g e l i v i n g - d e n w i t h f i r e ­ p l a c e , p l a y r o o m , l o c a t e d o n U o c r e t r e e s t u d d e d l o t i n K i n g s 
G r a n t F o r e s t . D a y s 2 2 4 - 7 5 8 1 , e v e s 
349-151 8 o n d w e e k e n d s .____________ 

C O N T E M P O R A R Y B E A U T Y 
, 
I n W h i s p e r i n g O a k s . H u g e l i v i n g o r e o h a s f i r e p l a c e , s e p a r a t e d i n ­ i n g , l i b r a r y , g o r g e o u s m a s t e r d o w n . T w o b e d r o o m s , s t u d y , a n d g a m e r o o m u p . A s k t o r B e t h T a t e 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

R e m o d e l e d a n d c u s t o m i z e d a l l b r i c k 2 b e d r o o m , 2 h a t h h o m e o n 
1.2 a c r e s . 2 l i v i n g a r e a s w i t h f i r e ­ p l a c e i n f a m i l y r o o m . A l l n e w to p o f t h e - i m e a p p l i a n c e s r e c e n t l y i n s t a l le d 
2 p a t i o s , d o u b l e g a r a g e p l u s e x t r a p a r k i n g p a d . C o u n t r y l i v i n g o n t h e e d g e of t o w n 
M u s t s e e to a p p r e c i a t e . F o r d e t a i l s o n d v i e w i n g , c oll 3 4 2 -4 1 1 5 A N Y T I M E 

B y O w n e r : C o l o n i e s N o r t h aren. 
G r e a t b u y o n f u l l y e q u i p p e d 3-2-2 f a m i l y h o m e . 539.5oo. 344-8869 
R E A L T O R S - T u r t l e C r e e k O f c 
3 -2 - 2 o n c o r n e r l o t . T h i s l o v e l y h o m e h a s l a r g e l i v i n g r o o m a n d t a m i l y r o o m w i t h s p l i t b e d r o o m ! a r r a n g e m e n t . S 3 6 . I o o . 6 5 6 - 3 4 4 1 , n i t e s 656 8 1 / 8 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

N e w l i s t i n g , s p a c i o u s 3 -2 -2 , r o c k h o m e S e p a r a t e l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g r o o m s , d e n w i t h f i r e p l a c e , b i g e a t in k i t c h e n , u t i l i t y r o o m , c o v e r e d p a t i o , f e n c e d v n r d . 
C a r p e t , d r o p e s , s e c u r i t y b o r s , p a n e l e d d o u b l e g a r a g e , c e n t r a l h e a t - a i r . 
7 % F H A l o a n , a s s u m e o r r e f i n ­ a n c e . C o l l 655-795o 

B Y 
O W N E R . 
N O R T H E R N 
H I L L S , 3 -2 -2, F i r e p l a c e , A s s u m e 
7 % o r 
R e f i n a n c e 
C o n v . 
C a l l 
656-o 175 . 
_____ 
___________ 

A T L A S T ! 4 B R . b e a u t y n e o r 
H o l m e s H . S 
$38o T o t a l m o v e i n . 
N o c r e d i t ? N o p r o b l e m ! 9 2 2 - 2 1 7 3 , 
6 75-9 294, 6 7 3 - 4 7 1 4 . 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

B v o w n e r , C r e s t h a v e n , 2 - 1 - 1 , c o m p r e m o d e l e d , b u i l t m s , I g e f e n c e d v o r d , e x t r a s , p e r f e c t f o r y o u n g m a r r i e d o r r e t i r e d c o u p l e . 
A s s u m e 7 ’ ? % V A o r a p p r a i s e d v a l u e $2 2 ,o oo. N o a g e n t s . 3 4 4 -5 7 2 9 

S A N P E D R O H I L L S 
F A N T A S T I C N E W 3-2-2. $4 9,8oo 
A ll b r i c k , p i c k c o r p e t n o w . M o s t e r b e d r o o m 1 2 x 2 o , o a k t r e e s , c u l - d e - s a c . M o r e ! H u r l e y 8 2 4 -1 2 7 9 

S 8 - U N I T 
L U X U R Y A p a r t m e n t 
C o m p l e x w i t h c l u b h o u s e , p o o l , l a u n d r y r o o m , c o v e t o d p a r k i n g 4 y e a r s o ld . F u l l y r e n t e d w i t h w a i t ­ i n g lis t. N o r t h w e s t a r e a . lower View Inc. 732-o157 

* U N I T S 
9 8 % O c c u p a n c y . G o o d c a s h f l o w 
O n 
M c C u l l o u g h . 
$69,ooo H o l l y G r o s s o , 82 4 -5 )6 1 

A T T E N T I O N 
B IL L SO U T H E R N 
B y O w n e r F o r e s t G l e n . % S t u c c o , c o r n e r l o t . 3 - 2 - 2 , t r e e s , p r i v a c y f e n c e , p a t i o 
$ 7 ,3 o o e q u i t y , F H A 
7 % o r 534 ,ooo. 6 8 1 - 1 7 2 6 _____________ 

B y o w n e r . F o r e s t G l e n , 3 -2 - 2 , Ig e c o v e r e d p a t i o , s t o r a g e s h e d b e a u t i f u l y a r d , $ 3 1 , 1 o o . N o t h i n g d o w n V A o r e a u i t y o n d a s s u m e 
$2o6 m o . 684-7 82 3 a f t 6 : 3 o -a ll d a y w e e k e n d s . ____________ 
___________ 

F O R L E A S E W I T H O P T I O N T O 
B U Y ! T h i s r e a l l y n e a t c o t t a g e o t t e r s 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , t i r e p l a c e in t h e l i v i n g r o o m a n d e x t r o s p a c i o u s k i t c h e n w i t h a ll e l e c t r i c a p p l i a n c e s ! F e n c e d y a r d 1 o o % b r i c k ! 
M a k e u s a n o f f e r ! ! ! 
49 4-76 51 A N Y T I M E 

S A N P E D R O H I L L S 
NEW 4-2-2.846,95o 
A l l b r i c k , c a r p e t e d , 8 2 4 - 1 2 7 9 
Century 21 

3 B e d r o o m , I b o t h , d o u b l e c l o s e d in g a r a g e , b e a u t i f u l y a r d w i t h t r e e s . 23o6 E d i s o n , H o u s e s h o w n b v a p p t o n l v . $ 2 1 ,5 o o . 532-3396 o r 
533-1C67 
Century 21 i n t h i s w h i t e s t o n e o n 
U a c r e . 
3-3-2. S t o n e a n d p a n e l e d d e n ( F P ) , l iv i n g a n d d i n i n g r o o m s . D e s i g n e r k i t c h e n . 
G a r d e n g r o u n d s . 
S h a v a n o P a r k . $8 9,5 oo. 8 26-2347 . 

W H I T E H E A D - H O L I D A Y 
3 4 1 - 7 1 1 5 
R E A L T O R S 
C O U N T R Y L I V I N G w i t h a ll c i t y c o n v e n i e n c e s , l a r g e 
3-3-2 h o m e in m i n t c o n d i t i o n . T e x ­ a s s i z e d e n , 3 2 x 1 6 p o o l , w i t h r e d ­ w o o d d e c k i n g , p l u s 3 h o r s e s t a l l b a r n , n u m e r o u s t a r g e o a k t r e e s o n t h is a l m o s t o c r e , o f f S a n P e d r o . 
T h o u s a n d O a k s a r e a . O n l y 5 8 1 ,5 o o 
C o n v e n t i o n a l 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

C O U N T R Y 
C H A R M . . . n e a r 
M e d i c a l C e n t e r a n d 2 C o u n t r y 
C l u b s ! B e a u t i f u l l y d e c o r a t e d , v e r y s p a c i o u s r o o m s , i n c l u d i n g a l i v i n g r o o m w i t h a c o m f o r t a b l e f i r e p l a c e , a d i n i n g r o o m a n d a k i t c h e n i h e s i z e o f G r a n d m o t h ­ e r ' s . . . b u t , w i t h b u i l t - i n a p ­ p l i a n c e s ! 3 l a r g e b e d r o o m ( s n i n t l est is 1 5 x 1 5 ! ) , 3 b a t h s . A l s o on t h e 
■ a l m o s t ' ' 4 a c r e s , a r e 2 s e p a r a t e , e f f i c i e n c y a p a r t m e n t s a n d lots o f t r e e s ! 
51 85 ,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696 481 1 

B Y O W N E R - N O R T H E R N H I L L S 
3-2-2, 1 o o % B r i c k , c e d a r s l a t p a t i o c o v e r , l a n d s c a p e d y a r d , p r i v a c y f e n c e , 2 l i v i n g a r e a s , f i r e p l a c e , u t i l it y r o o m . A q u a l i t y h o m e in t h e l o w 4o S. 656-2352 
_______ 

M a k e s t h i s 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , 2 c a r g u r a g e h o m e a n o u t s t a n d i n g b u y 
L o w e s t e a u i t y i n p o p u l a r 
B r o o k w o o d O n l y o n e a t t h is s i t e . 
824-2391 (Anytime) 

S a n P e d r o H i l l s , l i k e n e w s t o n e 
3 -2 - 2 , f i r e p l a c e , e x t r a s . 5 4 8 ,5 8 o . 
492-29o2 o r 4 9 4 -5 7 1 3 
__ 
I t s p r o b a b l y g o n e , b u t c a l l a n ­ y w a y ! 1 1 b l o c k t o c i t y b u s . L a r g e t r e e d c o r n e r lo t w i t h 3 b e d r o o m s , 
2 b a t h h o m e . C e n t r a l h e a t , l i v i n g r o o m w i t h n i c e f i r e p l a c e a n d d i n m g r o o m . E n i o y t h e s e c l u s i o n o f t h e h u g e s h a d e d p a t i o w i t h b r i c k b o r b e c u e . i n a n i c e n e i g h b o r h o o d . 

LILY OF THE VALLEY 

Secluded neighborho od, full of beautiful shade trees; 3 comfortable bedrooms, ? full baths, separate liv­ 

 ing an d fam il y areas, breck last area in modern kitche n. Central heot-oir, 

(overed patio, fenced, l o w 3o s. K A ­ 

LMA, or eas y, easy terms 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R E A L T O R S i 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 
^ 

A T T R A C T I V E 4 b e d r o o m , 2 b o t h , c a r p e t , b u i l t - i n s , o w n e r a n x i o u s . 
53,ooo e q u i t y , $3 32 m o . C a l l t o d a y 
I N T E R S T A T E 82 8-o75 5 til 8 p m 

R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a r s o t T R U S T 

F o r S a le o r R e n t , F o x R u n 
4-2 2. s w i m m i n g p o o l , f i r e p l a c e , c o v e r e d p a t i o . 655- 29 8) .____________ 

T h i s a b s o l u t e l y l o v e l y 4 b e d r o o m , h o m e , s its o n a l a r g e c o r n e r lo t w i t h t r a i l e r p a r k i n g in r e a r , f u l l y c a r p e t e d , c u s t o m b u i l t , t w o l i v i n g a r e a s , l o w 5o’ s, 
349-51 1 1 o r 349-3S35 A n y t i m e 

C o m e s e e t h i s e l e g a n t , w e l l d e ­ s i g n e d 4-2-2 h o m e w i t h c i t y v i e w . 
L i v m g - d i n i n g r o o m a n d s p a c i o u s c o u n t r y g a r d e n k i t c h e n , l a r g e c e d a r p a n e l e d f a m i l y r o o m w i t h c a t h e d r a l c e i l i n g a n d f i r e p l a c e . 
C o v e r e d p a t i o f a c i n g n i c e y a r d w i t h t r e e s a n d p r i v a c y f e n c e . 
M a n y e x t r a s ! 
S a v e o n e a u i t y ! 
674-6858 

N O R T H E R N H I L L S 
23oo s a , ft 2 s t o r y c u s t o m h o m e 
I f o r g e b e d r o o m s , a ll w i t h l i g h t e d w a l k - m c l o s e t s 
A D T f i r e a l a r m s y s t e m , c u s t o m d r a p e s , g a s B B Q , w a t e r s o f t e n e r . M u c h m o r e l A s ­ s u m e o r r e f i n a n c e . 
L o w 
6 o 's . 
655-o593 

R E A L T O R S A u s t in H w y O IC 

N E A R E L E M E N T A R Y S C H O O L ! 
3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h h o m e w i t h l a r g e l i v i n g r o o m p l u s d i n i n g r o o m c o m b i n e d w i t h b u i l t - m k i t h e n 
$29,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
6 5 8 -7o o 7 
Century 21 
F o x R u n , b y o w n e r , c u s t o m s t o n e o n t r e e d lot, o p e n a n d b r i g h t w i t h m a n y e x t r a s . $49,9oo 6 56-7 75 5 

3 -2 i - 2 t o w n h o u s e , w i t h f e n c e d s i d e y a r d . E l e c t r i c k i t c h e n , n i c e c a r p e t i n g . W a l k t o e l e m e n t a r y s c h o o l , p o o l , a n d t e n n i s c o u r t s . 
$29,5oo. L o w e a u i t y a n d a s s u m e . 
E r i e N a g e l , 696 -53 3o , 6 9 6 -2 7 1 2 . 

W H I T E H E A D - H O L I D A Y 
3 4 1 / 1 1 5 ________________ R E A L T O R S 

V I L L A G E N O R T H 
B i g 4 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , d e n . d o u b l e g a r a g e , c o v e r e d p o t i o , o n B a r - r i n g t o n n e a r n e w p o s t o f f i c e s ite . 
P H A , 
V A o r a s s u m e . 
349 65o3, 
654-6296 

Century 21 
R E A L T O R S - N . C e n t r a l O f c 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T I M E 
B Y O W N E R 
N O R T H E R N H I L L S 
3 -7 2 , c a t h e d r a l c e l l i n g , c a r p e t , p r i v f e n c e , m u s t s e ll. 
$3 3,5 oo . 
655-81 I t _____________________________ 

O w n e r h a s r e d u c e d p r i c e o n t h i s d e li g h t f u l a n d y o u n g 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , a t t a c h e d g a r a g e h o m e n e a r n e w M a d i s o n S c h o o l . L u s h c a r ­ p e t i n g , d e c o r a t o r d r a p e s . A s s u m e 
7 J i F H A l o a n a t $231 a m o n t h o r r e f i n a n c e . $27,9 oo N I T E S 8 2 4 -446o 

B v O w n e r - H o l l y w o o d F o r k . C u s ­ t o m b u i l t 3-2-2 B r i c k C o l o n i a l in e x c e l l e n t c o n d i t i o n . I l i v i n g a r e a , s p a c i o u s m a s t e r b e d r o o m . 
194-3o86 

! B I G M A C ............ 
I B i g r o o m s , M a c A r t h u r T e r r a c e , s l i g h t l y C o l o n i a l b e a u t y . R e a d y 
I t o r q u i c k o c c u p a n c u y . 
$54,5oo. 
- 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S __________ 

B I G R E D U C T I O N o n t h is l o v e l y a n d u n i q u e 4 b e d r o o m h o m e 
E v e r y r o o m is s p a c i o u s a n d b e a u t i f u l l y d e s i g n e d . C o m p l e t e k i t c h e n -i n t h e r o u n d ' i n c l u d e s f r o s h c o m p a c t o r . A b u n d a n t c l o s e t s a n d m a n y b u i l t - i n s 
S p e c i a l w o r k s h o p f o r t h e m o n 
O n l y 
$5 7,9oo. C a l l 8 2 4-o12 1 A N Y T I M E 

C U S T O M B U I L T , r a m b l i n g 5 b e -, d r o o m , 2 ' i b o t h , d o u b l e g a r a g e , m a n s i o n . 
D e s i g n e d b o t h f o j , e l e g a n t e n t e r t a i n i n g o n d c o m f o r ­ t a b l e t a m i l y l i v i n g 
T h e B E S T o f t w o w o r l d s . L o c a t e d in n o r t h c e n ­ t r a l a r e a in e x c l u s i v e n e i g h b o r h o o d . M i d 7 o s . 681 -o66o .• 

A l l b r i c k 4 b e d r o o m , w i t h 228o s a 
It 
E x t r o l a r g e f i r e p l a c e , t h i s f i n e h o m e a t $ 5 7 ,5 5 o is a s u p e r b u y ! 
E n i o v t h e s u m m e r w i t h a l a t t i c e c e d a r c o v e r e d p a t i o . 
N i l e s 
433-6658 
349-4343 o r 349-353 5 A n y t i m e 

N E A R M A C A R T H U R H I G H . a ll b r i c k h o m e p a r k - l i k e l o t w i t h l i g h t e d p a t i o a t t w a l n u t p a n e l e d f a m i l y r o o m ! 
3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s . . . l i v i n g r o o m 2 2 x 1 3 . 6 ! 
$49,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
6 53-7 341 

H o u s e w i t h m a n y w i n d o w s o n a p ­ p r o x % a c r e , s p a c i o u s a n d c o m ­ f o r t a b l e , 4 b e d r o o m s , 3 b a t h s , d e n w i t h f i r e p l a c e p l u s s t u d y . F o r m a ! l i v i n g r o o m a n d d i n i n g r o o m , o u t o f c it y o w n e r w a n t s s e ll. P r i c e d m i d SO's 
J e a n M a r t i n 3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 , 4 94-2 o 27 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 

3422 A C T I O N L A N E 
Oft P e c a n V a l l e y a n d M O . 3 b e ­ d r o o m , c o m p l e t e l y r e m o d e l e d , n e w c a r p e t . N o d o w n p a y m e n t to 
V e t 
O w n e r - B r o k e r . 3 4 1 - 8 1 3 4 , 
E y e s 494-3229________________________ 

B v a p p o i n t m e n t o n l y , 3 b e d r o o m . 
J b a t h , J c o r g a r a g e , c o r n e r l o t , 
$3o,ooo F i r m . 82 6-7495 
828-5636 
R E A L T O R S 
M L * 
I n M i s s i o n T r a c e , l u x u r y g a r d e n h o m e , 4 - 2 - 2 , 2 4 5 o s q 
I t . 24 H r s e c u r i t y . $ 7 4 , 5 o o 
F o r a p p o i n t ­ m e n t 69o -8718 o r 9 2 4 -8 3 71 . 

B y O w n e r , O l d F a r m l l . 4-2 -2 , 16oo s a I t 
F i r e p l a c e , u t i l . r m . C o v . p a t i o , i n t e r c o m , p r i v a c y f e n c e . 
$38,5oo 7 % % 653 -4915 . 

Y o u T ! l o v e t h i s e x t r a n i c e 3 b e ­ d r o o m , 2 b a t h w i t h a b u i l t - i n p a t i o k i t c h e n . O n e l a r g e l i v i n g a r c o , a n d a p r i v a c y f e n c e d y a r d . V e r y c o n v e n i e n t to s h o p p i n g . $ 3 2 ,5 o o . 
342 4 1 7 7 , r a t e s 8 2 2 -3 9 1 7 . 

F U L L Y L A N D S C A P E D 3-2 2 o n c u l - d e - s a c . 2 o x 1 7 m a s t e r b e d r m , fi r e p t o c e d d e n . $ 3 7,8 o o . C a l l n o w . 
I N T E R S T A T E 82 8-o755 til 8 p m 

H A V E A F L I N G w i t h a p r e t t y y o u n g t h in g , t h is 6 y r . o l d 3-2-1 in 
P a r k N o r t h i s p r i c e d a t o n l y 
S26.9oo o n o p e n t e r m s . B e a u t i f u l c o n d i t i o n 
C a l l 
8 28-819 5. 
R E A L T O R S 

B y O w n e r , L e o n V a l i e v , 6 9 2 6 
E v e n i n g S u n , 3-2-2, f i r e p l a c e , a ll b r i c k , f e n c e d 68 1-o 3 2 4 , 6 7 4 - 5 7 5 7 

R E A L T O R S - B l o n c o R d . O l e 

SAN P E D R O H IL L S 
L a r g e b a c k y a r d , 4 b d r m s , s i n g l e l i v i n g a r e u w i t h F P . P o p u l a r n e i g h b o r h o o d . P r i c e d a t $4 8,5 oo. 
824-o17 1 

 a d o r a b l e e o n t e m u o r a r y s t a r t e r h o m e w i t h 4 b e d r o o m s a n d 2 b a t h s , in N . E . S c h o o l D i s t r i c t . 

N E A R W I N D S O R P A R K M A L L 
2 o r 3 b e d r o o m s , r e f r i g e r a t o r o r s t o v e , f u l l y c a r p e t e d . A s s u m e 
$1 3/ p e r m o . 3 4 9- 14 79 
H e c t o r J 
H e r b e c k I n c ., R e a l t o r s 

B r i n g y o u r p a i n t b r u s h , n o d o w n p a y m e n t to a n y o n e . 3 4 b e d r o o m s / 
2 b a t h s , s o m e w i t h a i r a n d aH< a p p l i a n c e s . 
P a y m e n t s (e s s than? r e n t . 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 

D O U B L E Y O U R E N J O Y M E N T w i t h a f i r e p l a c e t h a t o p e n s to d in * m g A N D f a m i l y r o o m s ! 3 b e - * d r o o m , 2 b o t h h o m e h a s f o r m a * l i v i n g r o o m o f f c o u r t y a r d . L o t s o f r o c k a n d S a l t i ll o ti le ! 
$64,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681- 29oo 

S a n P e d r o H i l l s , 2 2 o o S q . f t . 
2 - s t o r y p o w e r s a v e r b o r n e 
I Y r o l d . 4 l a r g e b e d r o o m s , 2 % b a t h s , 2 c a r g a r a g e , f i r e p l a c e rn p a n e l e d f a m i l y r o o m , c o o k s d r e a m k i t ­ c h e n , p r i v a c y f e n c e , l a r g e s h a d e t r e e s M i d $6o, S. C a l l 4 9 4 - H 5 8 f o r a p p o i n t m e n t ________________________ 

828-6391 Anytime 
B IL L SO U T H E R N 
N e w l is t i n g . 6oo1 R u e S o p h i e . I m ­ m a c u l a t e , w h i t e b r i c k a n d f r a m e , 
3 -2 - 2 , S p a n i s h c o u r t y a r d e n t r y , s p a c i o u s c o r n e r l o t . s e c l u d e d y a r d , s h a d e v p a t i o , c u s t o m k i t ­ c h e n , m a n y e x t r a s . $ 4 7 ,o o o . C o m e s e e it! 681 1664. 
_______ 

W a n t a g r e a t 3-2-2 in E l D o r a d o ? 
L o r g e r o o m s ! B i g y a r d ? S u p e r l o c a t i o n ? T h e n c o ll 656-5 o1) 

F u l l y c a r p e t e d 3-2 -2 , 1 o o % b r i c k o n a c o r n e r lo t, f e n c e d b a c k y a r d w i t h g a s g r i l l , c u s t o m d r a p e s , g a r a g e d o o r o p e n e r , e t c . P r i c e d u n d e r a p p r a i s e d v a l u e . C a l l f o r d e t a il s . 53 3-1 615. 73 3-15 36__________ 

B a r g a i n e q u i t y . 4 b e d r o o m , d e n w i t h f i r e p l a c e , n e a r l y n e w . E a u i t y le s s t h a n $5ooo. Q u i c k p o s s e s s i o n a t o n l y $325 m o , 
653-435o 

R e o l t o r s - N E L o o p o t c 

A H S C H O O L S T e r r e l l H i l l s . S t a t e i i v 2 - s t o r y b r i c k . 4 - 3 p l u s a t r s , 
: 3 - c a r g a r , 9 - h o i e p u t t i n g g r e e n 
J O N E S - K I N G 826-2439 ________ 

R E A L T Q R S - 5 o Y e a r s p i T R U S T 

15215 B R A N D I N G I R O N 
P u t y o u r m a r k o n s o p h i s t i c a t e d c o u n t r y l i v i n g , r e l a x b v i h e f i r e b e n e a t h a v a u l t e d c e i l i n g , I b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h a n d a lo t o f e n i o v 
A s s u m e $ 4 1 , 5 o o . C a l l S o n y a a t 
H O M E O W N E R M A R K E T I N G 
S V C . 349-4373. 

W A T C H F O R O B E R 
3 -2 -2 d e n 
M i n t c o n d i t i o n . P e e k - t h r u s h u t t e r e d w i n d o w s , t o a d ­ i o i n i n g p a r k , d e e r . 
A s s u m e l o w n o te . 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 82 8-25 21 

W H Y P A Y R E N T , $5oo is O i l it t a k e s to g e t i n t o 3-2-2 in T h e G l e n . 
69o-98o? 
G R E A T 
A M E R I C A 
R E A L T O R S 

B y O w n e r - S c h e r t z . 3-2 d e n . C a r p e t - d r o p e s . C e n t . A H . p r i v t e n t e d . $26,ooo. i i i ! m o 658-5o65 
B Y O W N E R - U m q u e C o n t e m p o r - a r v h o m e I n H e r i t a g e F a r m . 
3 - b e d r o o m s , V ‘i b a t h s . S t u d v lo ft o v e r l o o k s d i s t i n c t i v e J s t o r y l i v i n g r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e F a m i l y r o o m a l o i n s l a r g e c o u n t r y k i t c h e n . 2 1o o s q . ft. 
N S s c h o o l s . 
N o a g e n t s . 
674 -2 492_______ ____________________ 

Beautiful 
New 
Contemporary 
O v e r 2ooo s a . t f . in t h is l o v e l y 3-2-, h o m e , s p a c i o u s m a s t e r b e d r o o m , i s l a n d k i t c h e n , w e t b a r , o n e l i v i n g a r e a , s e p a r a t e d i n i n g . 5 6 2 , 6 5 o . 
T i m e to P i c k y o u d e c o r ! 
349-1436 Anytime 

T h i s is j u s t t h e r e m e d y a n d t h e o w n e r is r e a d y to m o v e 
N i c e 3 b e d r o o m , I b a t h , I c a r g a r a g e , c e n t r a l a i r o n d h e a t , s t o v e a n d r e f r i g e r a t o r 
C o n v e n i e n t to W i n d ­ s o r 
P a r k 
M a l l 
P a y m e n t s o n l y 
S U O . 
658-3535 A n y tim e 

E n e r g y s a v i n g o n e I r v i n g a r e a , w a l k i n g d i s t a n c e t o e l e m e n t r y m i d d l e - a n d h r q h s c h o o l . A c c e s s to a ll k i n d s o f s h o p p i n g w i t h o u t g e t t i n g o n 
"the s u p e r s l a b . * ' C a l l t o d a y 
653-435o 

F R E E R e f e r r a l s to o t h e r h o m e s 
" F o r S o l e B v O w n e r ” 342-9393 
S o n A n t o n i o H o m e o w n e r s B r o k e r 

W a l k t o C a m b r i d g e . 2 b e d r o o m . I b a t h , d e n , g o r a g e , f e n c e d y a r d , 
1 3 o o s q . f t . , c o r p e t . h a r d w o o d f l o o r s , l a r g e m o d e r n k i t c h e n . 
$ 3 7,5 o o 
82 6-3132 a t t 
4 p m w e e k d a y s ___________________________ 

A L A M O 
H G T S 
P R I M E 
L O C A T I O N 
E n i o y t h i s c h a r m i n g 3 b e d r o o m h o m e w i t h it s d e l i g h t f u l e n t e r ­ t a i n i n g a n d l i v i n g a r e a s . M i d SO s. 
82 4-24 86 , 826 3925 
H A R D Y A C O , R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S - W a I r e rn O f c 

N O D O W N to a n y o n e , n e w list of 
G o v e r n m e n t a p p r o v e d - f i n a n c e d h o m e s . 3-4 b e d r o o m s . S o m e a p ­ p l i a n c e s . F i r s t p a y m e n f J u l y . 
2 2 2 - 9 6 I 6 T E R R A R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S . 

B Y O W N E R 4 2-2, 2ooo s a t ! C e d a r p a t i o . C o n v e n i e n t t o M i l i t a r y 
B o s e s . $5 2,5oo 656-9o61 
D R A S T I C R E D U C T I O N 
L o v e l y 3 b e d r o o m h o m e o n b e a u ­ tiful lo t, m a n y t r e e s . I o o % . d e a n • m o v e r i g h t in - f r e s h p a i n t in a n d o u t 
P r i c e d r t g h f f o r q u i c k s a l e . 
M i d 2o's . 
653-435o 

$6 75 C A S H is ail it t a k e s t o g e t i n t o th i s b e a u t i f u l $45 ,o o o h o m e . C a r ­ p e t , a p p l i a n c e s , a n d 
F I R E ­ 
P L A C E . C a l l n o w ! 696-o974 
F o r t u n a A s s o c i a t e s , 6 9 6 - 1 4 1 2 

B y o w n e r , U n i v e r s a l C i t y , 4-2 -2 
22oo s a l t . I s t o r y , f i r e p l a c e , e a t in k i t c h e n , m a n y e x t r a s . 
$5 4,9o o. 
658-6454. 

4 b e d r o o m . 2 d e c o r o t o r b a t h s , 2 c a r g a r a g e , s e p a r a t e l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g r o o m s , l a r g o t a m i l y r o o m . 
Q u a l i t y t h r u - o u t . L o v e l y l a n d s ­ c a p e d y a r d , e x c e p t i o n a l v a l u e . 
566,ooo 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655-3584 
Nites 
65S-27S4 

F r e n c h h o m e w i t h s u n k e n l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g r o o m s , ( F P ) . F a m i l y r o o m w i t h e x p e n s i v e u s e o f g l a s s , 
S alti ll o tile , b e a m e d c e i l i n g . 3-2 2. 
S u n s h i n e k i t c h e n 
N e a r M e d i c a l 
C o m p l e x . $5 9,7 5 o . 8 26-2347 . 

R E A L T O R S - W a l z e m O t c 
R E A L T Q R S - R o n d o l p h O t c 
B y O w n e r . 3-2-2, H O O s a f t . , s i n g l e l i v i n g a r e a , d i n i n g , f i r e p l a c e , c o r n e r l o t , d i s c o n n e c t e d g a r a g e , c o v e r e d b r e e z e w a y . 
$ 4 3 ,2 o o . 
653 3o64 
_______________________ 

H E R E ' S T H E L O W D O W N ! 
W h y r e n t w h e n y o u c a n a s s u m e p a v m t s u n d e r $2o o o n t h i s 3 b e ­ d r o o m h o m e ? 
L o w e q u i t y . 
656 -1234 

4 B E D R O O M - A V A I L A B L E N O W 
H e r e ' s a l o w e q u i t y o n a q u a l i t y - b u i l t b r i c k h o m e . L a r g e s i n g l e l i v i n g o r e a w i t h f i r e p l a c e . R e a l l y n i c e ! $ 4 o,7 5o. 

B Y O W N E R , V a l l e y F o r g e , 3-2 2, c o v e r e d p a t i o , f u l l y l a n d s c a p e d , f i n i s h e d g a r a g e , p r i v a c y f e n c e o n d m u c h m o r e . 
M i d 
$ 3o's . 
656-284o. 

P o p u l a r , c o n t e m p o r a r y h o m e w i t h e n e r g y s a v i n g f e a t u r e s . 3-2-2, l o r g e l i v i n g , s e p a r a t e d i n i n g a r e a s , f i r e p l a c e , c a t h e d r a l c e il in g s . $ 5 1 ,9 o o . 
349-1436 A n y tim e 

R E A L T O R S - W a l z e m O f c 

B U Y E R S G A I N - P r i c e r e d u c e d . 
3-2 -2, l a r g e d e n , c a r p e t , b u i l t - i n s , p a t i o $29,ooo C a l l t o d a y . 
I N T E R S T A T E 82 8-o7 55 til 8 p m 

2 l o v e l y b r i c k h o m e s t o c h o o s e f r o m in t h is d e s i r a b l e h o m e a r e a . 
O n e 3 b e d r o o m s t h e o t h e r 6 b e ­ d r o o m s , b o t h e x c e p t i o n a l v a l u e s . 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

B Y O W N E R . V A L L E Y F O R G E . 
3 - 2 - 2 , f i r e p l a c e , o v e r s i z e d l o t , p r i v a c y f e n c e . E q u i t y a n d a s s u m e p rats, 656 3449 

L o v e l y lo t w i t h c o n v e n i e n t l o c a ­ t i o n P r i c e d t o sell in t h e m i d 2 o ‘ s. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
8 22-o1 26 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C . 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 

F N C H A N T E D F O R E S T 
4 b e d r o o m , s p l i t l e v e l , l o r g e c o r n e r lot w i t h l a r g e t r e e s . B e a u ­ t i f u l c o n d i t i o n , n e a r s c h o o l s . 
P r i c e d l o w f o r t h is a r e a . C a l i f a t i n f o r m a t i o n 
F O R E S T O A K S 
B e a u t i f u l 4-2-2, h u g e l i v i n g , d i n i n g p lu s f a m i l y r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e , * 
C l o s e to e v e r y t h i n g . A s s u m e n q w l o o n . O n l y $4 2,5oo 
N E A R M E D I C A L C E N T E R 
L o v e l y 3-2-2 w i t h e x t r a r o o m 4 f o r o f f i c e o r s t u d y 
L a r g e y a r d , m a n y t r e e s in p r e s t i g e a r e a . 
P r i c e d 
$46,9oo 
H E L O T E S P A R K E S T A T E S 
L o v e l y w h i t e b r i c k , 4 3 2 a p p r o x 
24oo sq ft o n b e a u t i f u l ' i a e r e lot w i t h h u g e o a k s . A s s u m e 7 % l o a n . 
P a y m e n t s u n d e r $4 3o, $ 75,3 oo 

L a r g e c o v e r e d l o t b e a u t i f u l l y l a n d s c a p e d . 3 -2 -2 w i t h s i n g l e l i v ­ i n g a r e a . C a r p e t e d t h r o u g h o u t , c o v e r e d p a t i o a n d m o r e . $39,5 o o . 
656 -3441, ra te s 656-8 1 78 . 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
W o o d l a k e , b v o w n e r , 3-2 2, l i v i n g , d i n i n g a n d f o m i l y r o o m s , p a t i o k i t c h e n , S294. M o . 6 6 1 -6 o 75 .________ 

H I G H C O U N T R Y . .4 B e d r o o m , 2 b a t h h o m e i s s h a g c a r p e t e d t h r u o u t ! S e p a r a t e l i v i n g , d i n i n g r o o m s p l u s f a m i l y r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e , b e a m e d , v a u l t e d c e il in g . E X T R A S ! 
$ 4 7 , 7 5 o . 
R E A L T O R S 
653 -7341 

B v o w n e r , 3-2-2 w i t h s t u d y o r 4 th b e d r o o m , l a r g e l i v i n g o r e a , 7 % 
V A w i t h ( o w e q u i t y , n e a r 
R a n - d o l p h , F L S a r a 654-6298 a l f 5 

I N C , R E A L T O R S 
D o n ' t d i s p a i r , It y o u r h o m e i s n ’ t s o ld b y t h e t i m e . y o u n e e d lo l e a v e t o w n 
W e o t t e r c o m p l e t e p r o f e s ­ s i o n a l m a n a g e m e n t o f l o c a l p r o p e r t y f o r “ a b s e n t e e " h o m e o w n e r s 
D e a n i e O w e n s C o . , 1 1 4 2 
A u s t i n H w y . t o s e r v e y o u r n e e d s . 
824 23 91. 

C o z y l i v i n g a n d s e p a r a t e d i n i n g . 
A M - F M s t e r e o , m o d e r n k i t c h e n , e x c e l l e n t l a n d s c a p i n g , l o r g e f e n c e d b a c k y a r d . A s s u m e 7 % , in t h e 2o's. 
S A N D I S O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 

5 b e d r o o m s , 3 b a t h s , s e p a r a t e l i v m g - d m i n g , d e n , s t u d y , l a u n d r y , a n d m a s t e r q u a r t e r s , f i r e p l a c e , c u l- d e - s a c , 27 o o s q . ft. 2 s t o r y b y o w n e r . 6 4 1 1 L o n g H o u s e C o u r t . 
$67.5oo. 684-746o e v e s . 
________ 

S C H E R T Z 
4 B e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , c e n t r a l h e a t a n d a i r , l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g r o o m , t a m i l y r o o m , s l i d i n g g l a s s d o o r to p a t i o . V e n t - h o o d a n d g a r b a g e d i s ­ p o s a l . $2 6,ooo. 
494-5571 
N I T E S 653 -1 44 5 

B Y O W N E R - 3 I ? -l, 4 y e a r s o l d . 
W o o d l a k e L o t s o f e x t r a s A s s u m e 
42oo m o . , $5,8oo e q u i t y 
6 61 -6 14 8 

 p o s s i b l y d e s c r i b e h o w g r e a t t h i s 3 b e d r o o m h o m e o n % a c r e l o t r e a l l y is. H u g e 2 o x 2 o f a m i l y r o o m w i t h f i r e p l a c e , all b r i c k , c o v e r e d w i l d o a k s . L o w 5o's 
349-3535 o r 349 5 1 1 1 , a n y t i m e 

P R I C E R E D U C E D 
F l o w e r e d , b r i c k e d a r b o r e n t r y to th is b r i c k o n e s t o r y . 4-3 -2, e x c i t i n g g l o s s e d f a m i l y r o o m ( F P ) , l i v i n g , d i n i n g , b r e a k f a s t r o o m . E l e c t r i c t h r u o u t . S p r m k i e r s v s . N e a r t h e m a l l s . $7 3,5 oo. 826 23 47 . 

S e e t h i s d e l i g h t f u l , o l d e r h o m e w i l t ! r o o m f o r g r o w i n g f a m i l y 
It b a s 5 l a r g e b e d r o o m s , 4 b a t h s , a n d Q u a r t e r s . F o r m a l , l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g r o o m , s t u d y a n d a 3 o x 1 9 ti d e n 
O v e r l o o k i n g a p r i v a t e p a t i o u n d e r g i a n t o a k s . 
8 2 8 - 6 1 9 1 , 
*2 6 - 2 9 2 4 

N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
A s s u m e $ 9 , 6 2 5 e q u i t y o n t h i s e l e g a n t 4 b d r m , 2 b a t h h o m e . 
U m a u e l o f t . O n c o r n e r l o t , I O O y a r d s t o n t h g r e e n o n t h e g o l f c o u r s e . 8 2 4 - o 1 7 1 

B y o w n e r : A l a m o H g t s S D . J u s t r e d o n e 
L i v i n g , d i n i n g , k i t c h e n . 2 b r , 
I b a t h , s t a i n e d 
D o o r s ; s c r e e n e d p o r c h , 
8 2 4 -2 1o 8 a f t 
6- w k e n d s . 

3 b e d r o o m s , c e n t r a l h e a t - a i r a n d a p p l i a n c e s . E a s y t e r m s . A s s u m e 
S 1 6 7 m o . o r r e f i n a n c e . W i l l t r a d e . 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 3o91__________________R E A L T O R 

C A M E L O T ll 
T h i s h o m e h a s h o d lo ts of t e n d e r l o v i n g c o r e , 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , w i t h all t h e e x t r a s . W a l l t o w a l l c a r p e t e v e r y w h e r e 
W o o d b u r n ­ i n g f i r e p l a c e in d e n , 
$ 42,5 oo. 
6 5 6 -7 7 1 7 

H o u s e f o r s o l e , s m a l l e q u i t y . C a l l 
924-7 31 1 
1447 G I B B S 
Century 21 

R E A L T O R S L o c k h i l l - S e l m o O f c 

1 2 x 3 o F A M I L Y R O O M 
B e a u t i f u l l y m a i n t a i n e d 3 b e ­ d r o o m , 2 b o t h h o m e w i t h H O O s a . ft. l i v i n g a r e a . E x c e l l e n t E a s t 
T e r r e l l H i l l s l o c a t i o n . * 3 1 , 5 o o . 
M a r g e 653-315 o. 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 

S P A C E D O U T ? 
L i v e m o d e r n w i t h r o o m s to s p a r e a t a d o w n - t o - e a r t h 54 9,9 oo i n c l u d ­ i n g p r i v a c y f e n c e d , l a n d s c a p e , w a l l - t o - w a l l p l u s h , 3 b e d r o o m p l u s ! 
T o s e e , c a l l 
S o n y o a t 
H O M E O W N E R M A R K E T I N G 
S V C 
349-4373. 

4 B E D R O O M S , 2 b a t h s , 525,9oo in 
B a b c o c k N o r t h . G a r d e n k i t c h e n w i t h r a n g e , d i s h w a s h e r , d i s p o s a l , c a r p e t s , d r a p e s i n c l u d e d . P r e t t y y a r d . 8 2 4-o12) A N Y T I M E 

B Y O W N E R , 3-2-2, A s s u m e 7 % % 
C o n y , l o w e a u i t y . l a r g e c o r n e r lo t, p r i v a c y f e n c e , l a r g e d e n w i t h f i r e p l a c e A l l a p p l s . 556-3258 
C A S T L E H I L L S . . 2 s t o r y d r e k 'n c e d a r h o m e h a s a l i v i n g r o o m 32’ l o n g . . . a f i r e p l a c e in t h e f a m i l y r o o m a n d a s u n n y p a t i o r o o m ! 5 b e d r o o m s , 3 b a t h s . S p a c e a n d p r i v a c y g a l o r e ! C l o s e to N o r t h - e a s t S c h o o l s o n d s h o p p i n g M o l l s ! 
$86,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
4 9 4 - 7 7 / 1 

3 b e d r o o m h o m e , r e a l t y l a r g e l i v ­ i n g r o o m , o n d s e p a r a t e f a m i l y r o o m , g r e a t n e i g h b o r h o o d , l o w 
3o s. 
34 9-511 1 o r 349-3535 A n y t i m e 
Century 21 
N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
3-2-2 w i t h l a r g e l i v i n g r o o m a n d d i n i n g r o o m t h a t m a y b e c o n v e r t ­ e d t o 4 t h b d r m o r g a m e r o o m . 
1 o o % b r i c k w i t h 
F P . 
$4 3,9 oo. 
82 4-o 17 1 

A L O T F O R A L I T T L E 
4 1 7 5 o d o w n w i l l b u y t h i s 3-2-2 w i t h c l i a p p l i a n c e s o n d d r a p e s . A l l this 
B i o s b e s t s c h o o l s a n d e s t a b l i s h e d n e i g h b o r h o o d . 656-1 23 4 

B Y O W N E R 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , d o u b l e g a r a g e , f i r e p l a c e , c o r n e r lot N E I S P 4351 B a y l i s . 655-7939 
W H I T E H E A D - H O L L I D A Y 
681-o3oo________________ R E A L T O R S 
B Y 
O W N E R - 
6 R O O K W O O D - 
W m d s o r P a r k M o l l , 3-2-2 p l u s s it ­ t i n g a r e a 2ooo s q . f t . I y r o ld . $9ooo a n d a s s m p a y m e n t s o f 
$378 . 
655-6497 
Century 21 
J a m e s G l a s c o c k & A s s o c 

R E A L T Q R S - 5 o Y e a r s Of T R U S T 

3 b e d r o o m s , h u g e l i v i n g r o o m . 
C o n v e n i e n t . 
W o s h - d r y h o o k - u p . 
$1 5,5 o o. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 823-2521 

B E T H E F I R S T t o s e e th is c o m f o r t a b l e 3 b e d r o o m h o m e in O a k H i l l s T e r r a c e . Y o u ' l l l o v e t h e i n s i d e b r i c k w o r k a n d c o r n e r f i r e p l a c e . 
C a l l t o d a y 
341-448 4. 

J n m e s G i o s c o c k a A s s o c 
D o n ' t m i s s t h i s o n e . E q u i t y o f 
53,7o o a n d p a y m e n t s o f $ 1 4 5 a t 7 % m a k e s t h is $2 o,5oo h o m e a s p e c i a l o f t h e w e e k . T h i s ? b e d r o o m t o w n h o u s e o n a c o r n e r lo t is r e a l l y a b e a u t i f u l . C a l l u s a t 8 2 8 -5 7o 4 f o r m o r e d e t a il s . 

B e a u t i f u l 5 b e d r o o m s , 4 b a t h h o m e o n o v e r ' j a c r e l o t . O u t ­ s t a n d i n g k i t c h e n w i t h t o p o f t h e lin e a p p l i a n c e s . 2 i x l 9 g a m e r o o m . ’ 
" L " s h a p e d s w i m m i n g p o o l , o d t d o o r e n t e r t a i n m e n t a r e a . B a r - b - a , w e * b a r . $159 ,o o o . 4 9 4 - 7 7 1 1 , ra te s 
824 9354. 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R * 

R E A L T O R S - N . C e n t r a l O t c 

 f o r a p l a c e In C a m e l o t I? N i c e 3 b e d r o o m , 
2 b a t h h o m e w i t h c o u n t r y k i t c h e n . N e w p a i n t i n s i d e , n e a r s c h o o l , m a l t a n d C h u r c h e s . 
$32,9oo. 
653-435o 

R E A L T O R S 

N O R T H S T A R M A L L , b e a u t i f u l 4 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , c u s t o m s t y l e d h o m e , e x q u i s i t e l y a p p o i n t e d d e n w i t h b o r a n d f i r e p l a c e . L a r g e p a n t r y , 1 6 x 2 9 R e d w o o d d e c k - p a - 
Ira. A h o m e y o u w i l l l o v e t o l i v e i n . 
C o l l f o r o p n t . 
H U G H E S & B R I S C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

A s s u m e e a u i t y o n t h i s i d e o l 
" f i r s t h o m e t l a r g e l i v i n g a r e a w i t h f i r e p l a c e , 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , l a r g e k i t c h e n w i t h r e ­ f r i g e r a t o r i n c l u d e d , b e a u t i f u l 
P l u s h c a r p e t i n g . 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
653-5259 
S U E W E E M S & A S S O C . 

C A S T L E H I L L S 
L i k e t o e n t e r t a i n ? H u g e 3 b e - d r o o m , f o r m a l l i v i n g s e p a r a t e d i n i n g , e n o r m o u s e d e n h a s w e t b a r , f i r e p l a c e . S e w i n g r o o m . 
B e a u t i f u l o v e r s i z e d l o t . A s k f o r 
B e t h T a t e . 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

4 - 2 ’ z - 2 , p r i v a c y f e n c e , n e w l y p a i n t e d . A s s u m e e q u i t y o r n e g o ­ t i a b l e n e w l o a n . 545 ,ooo. 655-255 7 

C H U R C H I L L H I . T h i s d e n t i s t ' s 
I M M A C U L A T E h o m e w ill b r i n g a s m i l e to y o u r f a c e ! G r e a t t i o o r - p l a n , o p e n l i v i n g o r e a , 3 b e d r o o m , 
2 b a t h , c o v e r e d p a t i o , h u g e p r i v a c y f e n c e d y a r d . $45,2o 

R E A L T O R S - W a l z e m O f c 
NOW IS T H E T IM E 
T o b o y t h is l o v e l y S p a n i s h s t y l e d h o m e in t h e h i g h l y d e s i r a b l e a r e a o f E l d o r a d o 
J u s t r i g h t t o r t h e g r o w i n g f a m i l y w i t h 4 b d r m s a n d 
2 b a t h s . W i l l se ll q u i c k l y a t t h i s p r i c e , s o s e e t o d a y . 8 2 4 - o 1 7 1 

Open M onday thru Friday 8 A .M . to 5:3o P.M . 

D E A D L I N E S : 
Monday thru Thursday 
5.-oo P.M. for Following Day 
Friday 1:3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
Friday 5:3o P.M. For Monday 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
Cancellations 'and Corrections can be made 
-Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. ‘til 5:3o P.M. 

 v 
The tx pre a-News Corp. accepts responsibility 
V h r errors the first day of publication only. 
J 

Century 21 
E X E C U T IV E 
SP L IT 
L E V E L 
4 b e d r o o m s , l o r g e g a m e r o o m oft s w i m m i n g p o o i , c l o s e t o t e n n i s c o u r t s , a T r a d i t i o n a l h o u s e w i t h o v e r 34oo s o ft. P r e s t i g i o u s n o r t h ­ w e s t a r e n $1o 5 ,o o o . 696 - 14 12 

B E T H E F I R S T t o l i v e in t h i s n e w h o m e , s et o n a p p r o x , /a o f a n a c r e in b e a u t i f u l S t a g e c o a c h H i l l s ! A l l b r i c k , c a r p e t e d rn g o l d p l u s h , w i t h 
H a r v e s t 
G o l d b u i l t - i n a p ­ p l i a n c e s . . . g r e a t f i r e p l a c e in t h e l i v i n g a r e a ! 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s - 
. . . b o n u s r o o m 
2 1 x 1 1 ! 
T r e e s g a l o r e ! 
$58,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696 -48 11 

J u s t d e c o r a t e d o n d r e a d y f o r y o u r i n s p e c t i o n . S p a c i o u s 3 b e ­ d r o o m , 2 b o t h , p a r l o r o f f e n t r a n c e w a y , v a u l t e d c e i l i n g s , l a u n d r y r o o m o n d d o u b l e c a r g a r a g e . L o w e q u i t y o f $5,2oo o n 7 % % V A l o a n . 
658-3535 Anytime 

’ 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

. C H A R T E R O A K S . . m o t i v e r o c k 
! h o m e h a s 4 b e d r o o m s , 2 l o v e l y b a t h s ! F i r e p l a c e , w a l n u t p a n e l i n g 
I a n d c a t h e d r a l , b e a m e d c e i l i n g in i f a m i l v r o o m . 
L i v i n g - d i n i n g i c o m b i n a t i o n , . p a t i o 4 5 x 1 6 . 
$59,8oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
6 96 -4 8 11 

K i r b y . N o q u a l i f y i n g . A n a b s a u lo t e b e a u t y 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h c o u n t r y s i z e k i t c h e n , c e n t r a l h e a t - o i r , 2 c a r g a r a g e , p a t i o , f e n c e d . C a l l A n n 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
Realtor 
648-337o 

R e a l t o r , M C S 
342 31 11 R E A L T O R S 

C O R N E R H O M E w i t h s id e e n t r y , d o u b l e g o r a g e , h a s f i r e p l a c e >n l i v i n g a r e a ! 4 b e d r o o m s . 2 b a t h s , s h a g c a r p e t i n g . E X T R A S ! 
$36,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658 -7o o? 

 is o n l v p o r t o f t h i s h a n d s o m e 4 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h , f i r e p l a c e d t a m i ­ l y r o o m p l u s f o r m a l l i v i n g a n d d i n i n g . K i d s a n d H o r s e s W e l ­ c o m e ! IS m i n . to M e d . C e n t e r . 
-$69,ooo- 
R E A L T O R S 
V I C K I L A N E 
341 -3 15 4 
N I T E S 828 3691 
W A L K E R J . B A R N E B E Y 

R E A L T O R S 
F I R S T T I M E F O R S A L E 
O A K H O L L O W 
P l e a s e y o u r w i l e . 3-2-2, g r a n t b e ­ d r o o m s u i t e , e x t r a l a r g e f a m i l y o r e a w i t h f i r e p l a c e , g o r g e o u s k i t ­ c h e n , b u i l t - i n s , f r e e - c o v e r e d l o t a r id m u c h m o r e . 6 5 6 -1 234 

R E A L T O R S - R o n d o l p h O f c 

A s u p e r d e a n 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b o t h b r i c k h o m e o n a c o r n e r - t o t - p a n e l e d d e n , m a i d s r o o m w i t h J z b a t h , c a r p e t i n g 
3 4 1 - 7 2 o 1 , r a t e s 
8 2 2 - 1 7 6 7 
R E A L T O R S . A s k t o r 
V A N C E H I L L 

2 b a t h s , s e p a r a t e l i v i n g r o o m , f a m i l y r o o m , b r e a k f a s t area in k i t c h e n . 2 c o r g o r a g e , c e n t r a l a i r a n d h e a t . N o r t h e a s t S c h o o l s . 
R o o s e v e l t H i 
O w n e r r e l o c a t i n g a n d a n x i o u s . $36,5oo 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655:3584 
Niles 
653-8592 

C o n v e n i e n t N E . l o c a t i o n , t h i s 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h h o m e w i l t c a p ­ t u r e y o u r f a n c y . N i c e f l o o r p l a n . 
L a r g e y a r d f o r t h e c h i l d r e n a n d o n l y $2 9,5oo. N i l e s , 494-5832. 
349-4343 o r 349-353$ A n y t i m e 

B E T W 
E E N U S A A A N D . M E D 
C E N T E R , c a r p e t e d , 3 b e d r o o m , p a n e l e d f a m i l y r o o m , l a r g e d e n , p lu s f o r m a l l i v i n g , a ll a p p l i o n c e d k i t c h e n , c l u b h o u s e , p o o l , a n d t e n ­ n is c o u r t s . 52 6,9oo F H A - V A o r a s ­ s u m e 5 1 6 7 . 681-o66o . 

C O M F O R T A B L E I N D R E A M 
­ 
L A N D O A K S 
4-2- 2c p , 1 1 s s t o r y , w e l l k e p t h o m e o n w o o d e d lot. B v o w n e r . 5 5 2,o oo . 
A p p o i n t m e n t , 3 4 1 -1 2 4 5 . 

C o m p l e t e l y R e m o d e l e d o l d e r 
2 - 1- 1 , m o d e r n k i t c h e n - b a t h , c a r - n e t , c o v e r e d p a t i o , f e n c e d $ 2 2 ,o o o 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
_ 4 9 4 -7 7 8 1 

C O R O N A D O 
V I L L A G E 
B y 
O w n e r , 4 -2 -2 , 223o s a . f t . , e x t r a s e v e r y w h e r e . $58,ooo . 658-866o a f t 

O F F M O N T G O M E R Y D R 
L o v e l y 3 - 2 - 2 w i t h e x t r a s , $ 3 o o c l o s i n g , p a y m e n t s $ 2 7 5 . N o t h i n g 
D o w n , 
P O I N T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
475-1691 
62 3 -5 7 2 o 

B y o w n e r 
L o w p y m t s t M u s t s e e to a p p r e c i a t e . S 35 .2 o o. 673 -2 82 8 
O N A W A N T A O 
T H I N U M B t e T O C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
I X PU SSS A N D N I W S 

THE N U M B E R I O CALL 
15 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
I X P R I S S A N D N E W S 
I N T H E E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A U 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
R E A L T O R S - B l o n c o R d . O f c 

Patterns and Needlework 

IO ORDfcK 

A L L O W FIVE I O* S I X 
W E E K S FOR DELIVERY 

 m o m 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

N O N COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
JE LINES 
IO DAYS 

226 STOM S PWtim 
? m ; i ,-s v N o w s — 
M o n d o ;, M o ; i 9 7 7 
216 HOUSFS SOUTHWEST 

UNDER 4o 
U se your V A on this oil b rick c o n fe m p o ro ry . 3 s p a c io u s b e ­ droom s. single living a re a has fireplace. Separate dining Beau tifullv carpeted. Fantastic orea. 
Ask for Belh Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 

Lovely Highland P ark home with fireplace. Ecellent condition. A ll 
Bailey Colt M r M c E n e ry tor de­ tails. 5 3 3 - 1 7 9 7 _____________ 
: 
EXECUTIVE t 
♦ COUNTRY ESTATES*. 

J * I acre a 3 bedroom * wood ^ 
J burning fireplace 
* covered * 
J polio * many extras * quiet 
J country living with all the city At 
T conveniences * no city loxes * -it 
^ one of o kind * wooded lot ★ At 
♦ purchase before price increase 
4* 
A- * o bargain S62.8oo 
At 

♦ 
VA fin a n c in g o v a ilo b le . 
At 
J 
Ca'l 
* 
J 
TOM HOTMAN 
* 
♦ 
DOUG HOW ARD 
* 
J 
684-3113 
J 
♦ 1646 ROB ROY * 

WESTWOOD VILLAGE 
(leon 3 bedroom, I VS both home in o highly desirable oreo. Central ak-heat. fenced yard Convenient to schools, bases and shopping center 

9719 FIVE FORKS lhisg|uxurious4 jjedrooiMj^S b e f \AmedAkeB'. thills Ae 

NEWLY LISTED 
Plu sh e xe cu tive hom e, 4-3VS, w e t bor, la rg e pool, 
2 firep laces, se p a ra te liv in g a n d d in in g are a s, la rg e den, g a m e room , patios. O w n e r tran sfe rrin g. S h o w n b y o p a l. 
O nly. 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
N E W H O M E , a ll rock, 4 o o o 
SR' ft- 4 -3 V S-2 , fo rm a l liv in g a n d d in in g a re a s, g o u rm e t k itchen, atrium , 
5 patios. 
M a ste r su ite w ith h is a n d hor tub a n d sh ow er. O ld w orld chorio. 
O p e n 
J till d a rk d o ily. 2 o 5 V O IG T 
COLONIAL 2-STORY 
N b w ly crafte d 
4 -3 -2 , se p a ra te m a ste r suite, p a n e le d d e n w ith fireplace, c o v e re d p atio, w e t bor, codor sh a k e roof. 3 o o o sg. ft. VS acre corn er lot. 
FRENCH DESIGN 
N e w cu sto m built 4 - 2 H . J , la rg e liv in g a re a 
3 o x 2 o . se p a ra te fa m ily ro o m w ith fireplace, w e t bar, sunken bath, corn er lot. 
DALE RILEY REAL ESTATE 
494-3541 
REALTORS 

BOERNE TEXAS AREA 
DEEP IOT off IH -1o has almost new stucco nnd cedar home with beautiful, redwood decks! 
3 bedrooms, 7 boths ... extra spooous living orea has cathedral ceiling, fireplace and wet bor. Built-in kitchen, privacy fence 
Double garage, attic storage! $58,8oo 
BEAUTIFULLY LANDSCAPED home in lovely Chaparral Creek, has oil brick construction ... 3 bedrooms, 7 boths. living room 
21x14 plus separate dining loom! Carpeting thruoit. Built in kitchen. $51,2oo. 

OVER 4V , ACRES! Beautiful, all brick home with pool ond patio formal living room hos rais­ ed dining area ... richly panel­ ed family room 
19x15 has fabulous, rock fireplace ond opens to a large patio. 
4 bedrooms, 
2Vt baths. 
Every possible amenity plus horse stalls, boras and fencing for your horses! $96,6oo 
A PUCE TO BUILD YOUR 
OW N! lovely acreage off 
Walnut Grave Rood, hos eteccici ly ond telephone connections. 
Approx 9726 acres. $3o,2oo. 
C all 3 4 4 - o o 2 2 

F U L L T IM E V A C A T IO N 
This choice lot overlooks beautiful 
Lake Trovis con be yours! Year round golfing, fishing, boating anet horseback riding, com p grounds ond marina, church, schools and lovely homes in area 
Niles 
656-8218 
P A N O R A M IC V IE W 
See for IO m iles from this 2 pius h e a vily treed a cre s. B e a u tifu l building sites. 25 minutes north of 
SIO off H w y 281 
All utilities. 
*75oo Niles 494-21*1 
655 6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 

W E D G E W O O D E S T A T E S 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, form al living room, fam ily room, kitchen with a p p lia n c e s ond d in in g ro o m . corge den with electric fireplace ond we! bor C arp eted ond oil draped Fenced yard and bock patio. Golf course I blk. We have I more 3 bedrooms. 2 bath hom es in the som e oreo with 9o% financing available 
JU ST SO U TH O F D E V IN E 
Plenty wild pome, deer etc Good fishing ond stock tanks. 125 acres, crossfenced ond extrem ely nice home on magnificent hillside for beautiful view. 

 and you will the minute you open the front door on this so attrac­ tive, 3 bedroom, 2 bath ond den home, with lots of appeal and fea­ tures. I f s a m ust to see, as if s priced at 539,5oo 
349-1436 A n y tim e 

GUADALUPE 
RIVER TRACTS 

Only a few left, 

W ide river - white water- near Bergheim. Between J and 
2 acres from 
$ 1 5 ,o o o 
5 % dawn, 12 years to pay at 8 % simple interest APR 8 % . 
HBG REAL 
ESTAT£ 
733-13o9 or 497-3584 

A real charm er tor only 521,5oo 3 bedrooms, I both, oversized sin- gie garage. P H A or VA. 341-22o1, nites 342 o829. R E A L T O R S Ask tor V IR G IN IA N E IN O O R F F 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
U N IV E R S IT Y O A K S B Y O W N E R 
3-2-2, cul-de-soc, large wooded lot, p riv a c y fenced, w ooden patio cover, fireplace, softener, carpet­ ing, m any e xtra s. $44,95o. N O 
A G EN T S. 69o 8391. 
______ 

INC. R E A L T O R S 
O V E R AN A C R E in Helotes Pork 
Estates! Custom built, tri-tevel home has fireplaced,living room- 
... d in in g , se w in g r o o m s on d study...3 huge bedroom s! 
$62,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

N e a r M c C r e le s s . B r a n d new , walk to M cCreless from this love­ ly 3 bedroom home. Central heat, garage, priced al only $21,9oo. 
Cali Olga 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 R e o lto r 
673-o1o8 

 ftremPr ond a 78x39 healed pool Open Terms YA appraised al $48,25o. 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CALI 673-5o83 ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

U SA A and Medical Center ore near this 
Laurel Hills beauty High on hill with great view. Large 3-2-2. Of­ fice. den living ond dining, fire­ place, all luxury equipment olus. 
A must see OI 529,5oo 
B R A U N ST A T IO N 
2 'j year old b ric k 4-2-2, la rg e lovely kitchen, den, all extras, near pool and tennis. A lso have two 3 bedroom s from 532,9oo 
R O L L IN G R ID G E 
New to market, quiet oreo, huge tot, 3-2-2, large living ond den, big trees. Only 538,5oo 

G re a t b uy 
E l 
C la rk S p r in g s mem bership 53,925. 655 81*4 
Hill Country J acres. $425 down povment, $66 3o per month M uny trees, rolling hills. Owner financ­ ing available. C a ll tor appoint ment 734-7964 
___ ____________ 

D evine, T e x a s 
I 663-’558 

N E A T 2 bedroom, den, separate dining, carpet, paneled, fenced. 
Near bus and Riley Junior High 
924-4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
O F F W W. W H IT E 
Neat 3 bedroom , 2 both home. 
Nothing down, paym ents only 
5186 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
625-1691 ____ 
342 2435 

 us-H om e 
A must see. 4 huge bedroom s, 3 luxury boths, 21 ft fam ily room plus fireplace. 3o ft pool. Coll 
824-4521, Piles 624-o244 

I'M L O N E L Y , M y owners left me vocont. I con offer 4 bedroom 2 boths, a garage, centro! air-heat. caroet ond covered polio tor only 
53ooo equity ond assum e 2% V A loon P a y m e n ts only $194 mo. 
Walking distance to schools ond close to L o c k la n d K e lly . C o ll 
828-8195. R E A L T O R S 

L A K E H IL L S 
House, 2 lots, strode, utilities, I mi from lake 
695 8911 watson A Son I 251 233o 
Just right tor 'D on't Fence M e in’ folks! Lake facilities, boo! ramps, stores and schools near bv P a n ­ oram ic views, m any la rge Oak trees. Setting 3o% below m arket volue. Term s to suit. F o r appoint­ ment please call 
497 3571 or I 899 /IBI 
A Beautiful 

Southeast near C a lo va re s Lake, nam e your term s We will con­ sider all otters Asking S297S. La kecroft, inc 927-7441. 

Lake Placid, 1 locre, restricted area CO O K E R E A L T Y 923-2/12 
L A K E V IE W L O T , la k e of The 
Hills, term s 342 o668____________ 
L B J W A T E R F R O N T , J bedroom, central air, lull basement, double boathouse, electric tills. (915) 
388 *835. (512) 342 21o3___________ 

O F F W W W H IT E - B ric k 3 be­ d ro o m s, b e a u tifu l carp e t. N o down VA Hurry! 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 349-9278 
Century 21 
This 3 bedroom, 2 both home is 
9 o % m a s o n r y on a Q e a u tifu l corner lot C ove tin g, knotty pine paneling, plus bonus room for office or sm ell oportm ent. I f s really nice! Niles, 494-1832 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytim e 
KEY GROUP 
Whiteheod-Holidov 
684-3711______________ R E A L T O R S 
W A L K TO C H U R C H IL L , E isen- hauer and elementary schools! 4 bedroom, 2 both home has living, dining and fam ily room s...tree shaded, privacy fenced yard. 
$49,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

Im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y , new owner, spacious ond delightful 3 bedroom, 2 both, with large dou­ ble ga ra ge , su n ke n liv in g ond separate fam ily room rained by double F IR E P L A C E . Coll to see today! 
674-3552 
R E A L T O R S 
H O D SO N & A S S O C IA T E S 

O V E R 
A C R E 
Plus beautiful 3-2-2 with centrol heat and air. Owner will finance. 
Call Em ery today. 
532-3252 
N IT E S 533-16o5 

G uadalupe R iver Frontage Pic- nlcm g, sw im m ing on your own private orea. $2oo down, $48.5o monthly, also new oreo for build- mg site. Coll N orm on 497 3754, 

Lovely 3 bedroom fom ily home, 
Lake 
Placid, 
Trees. 
$69,5oo 
I 379 7676 
________ 

F O R E S T O A K S, close to Medical 
C e n te r...fu lly c a rp e te d 3 b e ­ droom, 2 bath hom e has living, dining A N D fam ily room s! Double gate privacy fence. 
$44,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

I mile to bases, lovely 3 bedroom with appliances, air, carpet No down to N C O 's Buy back guar ontee. $17,SOO Nites Andy 675-o224 
C E N T U R Y 21 
Kelly-Lackland Realty 
674 1211 

• H IL L S ID E LOT 
B E A U T IF U L 
View * $14oo Ea sy Term s 
•Large Lot - Trees Near Lake 
And boat ram p - E a sy Term s 
Copt. E. Jones 

923-6211 
Century 21 
D ^ C f c p m a n C b . 
R E A L T O R S-B lo n c o Rd. Ole 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
R E D U C E D - T h e ow ner is v e ry anxious to sell this all brick home immediately and so hos reduced 
•he price. 4-2-2 set on on oak studded acre in an excellent area. 
It has 2 living and eating areas, fire p lac e , u tility ro o m a n d a greenhouse. Low $*o's. N IT E S 
824-446o 

Pebble beach, w ater, electric, telephone, p riv a te p o r k s and launchers, wooded. $18 monthly 
B IL L E S S E X 341 5941.___________ 
Leon Springs 
IH IO NW. IS min. from Wonder- land. Large lot with beautiful old oak trees. Brick 3-2, 3 y rs old. 
549,5oo 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 
_______ 698-21o7, 1-755-4558 

RIAL TO RS 
122-126-128-13o R A N G E R S 
(Southeast San Antonio) Denver 
Heights. lSO 'XlSO ' lot, including o 
2 bedroom home and an 8 room duplex and a 4o' lo! for expansion. 
Only 516,75o, terms. Owner retir­ ing. Kelley s 433-6642, 732-5719. 

A B E A U T IF U L P A R K of your own al Medina Lake with nice homes 
684 4211 
1-751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
5o8 acres on Conyon Lake. Water and electricity available. $85oo. 
Ownei Inanced 379 6V49_________ 

129 A C R E S 
W ith cre e k , lake, c a b in n e a r 
Boerne 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
923 2712__________________________ 
C onyon tOOFt w aler Ii ant lot, 
Village West, 58*oo (.58 426o 
C a n y o n L ake , or e stig e o u s to kcview hom e $63,ooo. W eekend home $21,5oo Lakeview lots $25oo and $45oo Waterfront lots $1o,5oo and $14,ooo 
Lokehom e Realty, 
I 964 319o____________________ 

M obile hom e with air, attached room, ond patio, at Lake L B J . on 
58x17o' tot, 824 1172_____________ is oil lite cash you'd need. Anyone con buy! 3-4 bedroom s, 2 baths. 
Some with air ond all appliances. 
Paym ents less than rent! 
BO B O eP A O LO 
532-5251 
R E A L T O R 
LO T S O F R O O M 
N e a r W ilfo rd H a ll in H e rtig e 
Form s, large lovely 4-2' j-2, firee- place in den, format areas. Hove 
22 both well maintained. 548,5oo 

6 acres L u ch e n b a ch Beautiful lo n d in h e a rt of L u c h e n b a c h cou ntry. $54o dow n p a y m e n t 
$84.23 per mo. O w ner financing tor information ond appointment 
Coll 734-9363._________ 

W hispering O aks G arden Home, 
2288 sa. ft., custom gom eroom , contem porary. $63,9oo. 344-3471 
Niles 341-7697. 
BOB B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

Would you believe only $36,9oo for this privocy-fenced home with a bright, open and airy floorpian? 
Enjoy the fireplaced fam ily room. 
Century 21 
Schneider Realty 
684-72oo 

P E B B L E B f A C M -M E D IN A 
Waterfront home-2,ooo sa,ll 
695-8811 Watson & Son 1-711-233o 
R IV E R F R O N T LO TS 
C Y P R E S S H O L L O W IN B A N 
D E R A CO 
Beautiful riverfront lots on the crystal tleor Sabinal 
R iver. Ideal tor p erm anent or resort home Located on e m u /, approx. 4 mi. north of Utopia, 
Texas. Coll Utopia (512) 966 34o7 weekends; weekdays coll Austin 
34S-S8/o 
________T Y N E S R E A L T Y ________ 
W ANT C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n sa s P a ss or Port A ra n sa s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 Gordinq______________732 1362 

Answer: There are still plenty of them! lf yours is one - you'll ap oreciate this well built home with a one cor garage. This 1oo% brick beauty is easy to show and easy to buy. so call today to see it. 

828-5636 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
Older home. $18,ooo appraised 4 b e d ro o m s, m o th e r e n io y s b ig work-utility room. Highland Park 
Maxine 
Ham m ond 
533-7163, 
534-767o 
BO B JO N E S. R E A L T O R S 

B e a u tifu l fo m ily hom e, 3 b e ­ drooms, 2 baths, double garage, living, dining room, large fam ily room, lots of built-ins. This lovely home is on % acre covered with huge trees. 12x25 covered patio. 
You will love it. Excellent loca­ tion Priced to sell 546,5oo 
Reese Henry 
R ealtor 
655-3584 
N ile s 
653-7791 

IO Acres, 4o mi from 41o N, tint with cedar and oaks. Jim Ashley 
Real Estate 684 4276 
G E T A W A Y F R O M IT A L L ! raiptev, Tx, 8 acre, 2 bedroom, 2 hath home, la rg e fam ily room with fireplace, sw im m in g pool with sun deck, fenced rn vegetable garaden, completely surround by gorgeous view of Hill Country, oil this lur $48,5oo 

M U S T S E L L ! ! 
Loaded with ch arm . O ne ve ry large living orea with cathedral ceiling, fireplace and deluxe we! bar. Separate dining, 3 bedrooms, high lot n e a r M e d ic a l Center. 
341-72o1, nites 342-o829. A sk for 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F F 

344-62o7, 684-433o A n y tim e 
Century 21 
4 Dollhouse! Im m aculate 3-2-2, fomily room with cotheral ceiling, fireplace. 7 5% m asonry, under 
$4o,ooo. 824-4571 

1o m inutes from C on yon Dom , 
$695 per acre Owner will carry note. 342 18o8 
B IL L 
H U G H E S, 
B R O K E R .__________ 
Whitehead-Holidav 
684-37)1______________ R E A L T O R S 
N E A R L A C K L A N D , beautiful 3 bedroom home wilh garage, cen­ tra le r, and all appliances. Price reduced, paym ents of $156, can be assumed with reasonable down. 
674-5411 

R E A L T O R S-N . West Ole 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
Spacious split level home. Large gom eroom with outside entry, 4 b e d room s, 3 % baths, 2 liv in g a re as, w o o d b u rm n g fireplace. 
W ell p la n n e d k itc h e n w ith skylights. L a rg e covered patio. 
Beautifully land scap ed, lots of trees. 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

21 ~ Acres, 7 im SE of Blanco. 
Undeveloped. Lots of cedar and oak, low monthly prats By owner. 
653-6688 ollt'i npm 
____ Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
F O R E S T O A K S E S T A T E S 
Just listed! O nly I yr. old, fully landscaped, fenced, carpeted and draped. 4 bedroom 2-s!orv, Iiv- mg-dimng plus fireplaced fam ily room. $56,9oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B IL E L O T 
1o.ooo sa ll. fantastic view Pool, boot ram p near by SHOO, $1oo down, 78 mo. al $21.43 A P R 8%. 
M E L M I L L E R 
226-2324 

W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
68IoJoo 
R E A L T O R S 
H E L O T E S 
2 a cre s with w aler, electricity, septic tank, cyclone fence, beau­ tiful view , oak trees. A n to n io 
Drive. Helotes. 341-19oo. L.R.E A. 

Leon Valley. Beautiful cathedral style, 3 or 4 bedroom , all brick with view. M ust See! $41,7oo. 5919 
Forest Ridge. 681-o186____________ 

P A Y M E N T S L E S S T H A N R E N T . 
C lean 3 b e d ro o m , $2oo dow n, payment in July. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o*36 

5 A C R E S near B la n co , $5**5, lib e ra l f in a n c in g by o w n e r 
534-8876. 

Until we can work out the details, for a sm all investm ent that will m ove you into a hom e of yo u r ow n. A n y o n e c a n b u y th e se 
Governm ent Owned homes. F in ­ ancing available. 
673-2271 

L E O N V A L L E Y - Bv owner. 3-2-2, separate living and dining, fam ily room w ith fire p la c e , dinette, co ve re d patio, p riv o c y fence, carpet, drapes. 548,5oo. 684-1437 

N c o r S e a rs. 2-1-2. C h a in link fence, Senior citizen m ust sell due to illness 51o,5oo C A SH as is. No dealers, 922-4169 n-1 P M _________ 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
Furnished 2 bedroom home with a m illion dollar view for $25,ooo, 
651 6844 or 1-899-2611 

Redland Rd. (F irs t street past 
16o4 North on Son Ped ro), G o r­ geous trees, Beautiful hom esite with country atm osphere, near city limits. 543,ooo. Ask tor Olga 
Blottier. 
Century 21 
From the custom kitchen, to the new paint, 3-2 living room, fam ily room, dining aren, fenced yard, detached two ca r g a ra ge , with workshop and storage. L.A. Hgts. 
494-3448, A N Y T IM E 

Private Party Coll 684 7242 
R EA LTO R S-SO Y e a rs of T R U S T 
L IV A B L E 3-2' J-2 split-level, livin- g+dining, big den. Carpet, extras. 
$42,5oo. Call now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
LO O K W H A T S N E W W IT H US! 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSO C 
6 A c re s H ill Top. N ice T re e s, electricity, septic tank perm it, 
$2o,ooo with $3,ooo down, balance 
2o ye a rs at 8 '» % , F o r sale ond financed bv owner. 
695-32o5,' 
695 89o5. 
7 H IG H A C R E S 
Complete point ot hill wilh large custom 4-2' j-2, 2 fireplaces, den ond living area that looks out over co u n try in all d ire c tio n s, th is m a g n ific e n t p ro p e rty o n ly 
$165,ooo. We also have 5 proper­ ties with acreage and homes from 
$54,ooo 

NO D O W N $2o C L O S IN G . 3 be­ drooms, stove, mr. 1st pym f July. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y *84 6169 
G R E A T C O U N T R Y 1977 
Room for everything except im ­ provem ent in this 4 bdrm, 3 bath tri-leve! in Hollywood Park. Plant 
.your fomily here and get a great crop of space. P ric e d in 8o s. 
824-o171, Nites 655-8421 
Century 21 
N O R R IS R E A L T Y 

R E A LT O R S-Se c. Svc Ole 
Like new, 3 bedroom, 3 bath large fire p la c e , s c r e e n e d p o rc h , wooden deck, private party room, new hoot d o c ks, 1o7 ti w ater frontage. $69,9oo. 494-7711, nites 
655 7383. 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
O W N E R A N X IO U S 
Beautiful 3-2-1 w ith carpeting, drapes, paneling, all appliances, form al living and dining room s. 
Much more! $26,5oo. 675-2152. 

IN C O L L IN S G A R D E N S . 4-2- (2 blocks) from elementrv, 2 story, 
$12,5oo 
L.& A Real Estate 433-899o 

O u tsta n d in g 4 b e d ro o m s, 2 ' j boths or 3 bedroom s and study. 
L u xu ry features include Rom an tub, dual heat and air system and 
7 walk in closets All on a huge double lot covered with o a k s!! 
$98,9oo. 342-4177, nites 492-1113. 

P R E T T Y A S A P IC T U R E 
Clean 2 bedroom home located in 
Los Angeles Hgts, between West 
Ave and Blanco. Perfect stortor home. Only $19,6oo. Open term s 
T O W N H O U SE B Y L A K E 
New to m arket beautiful 3-2, 2 story home with form al living and dining, fireplace, complete elec­ tric kitchen plus w asher, dryer, low fee of $112 covers oil utilities and association fees. Use of large heated pool, tennis co u rt ond fishing lake. A bargain at $41,5oo 

Soonish m odern with every lux­ u ry feature. 3-2-2, liv in g room 
( F P , h ig h b e a m e d c e ilin g ) g la s s e d to p a tio a n d w a lle d grounds. Lovely m aster bedroom. 
Sprinkler system, burglar alarm , electric garage doors. Like new. 
Only $57,5oo. 826-2347. 

2 bedroom rustic cobin with fire­ place. excellent view of Lak e . 
$18,ooo A Jones 497 3571 ________ 
C H O IC E P R O P E R T Y 
.63 acre, garden land. 56 ti front on Lake Placid by 75 It on El-H reo 
D r. C y c lo n e fence, b e a u tifu l pecan trees, 25 miles city. F IR S T 
T IM E 
O F F E R E D 
5)1,9oo. 
Terms, 
Owner 
Jam es 
Hood 
732-1476 
___________________ 
E X C L U S IV E 
R E C R E A T N L 
M E M B E R S H IP 
P R O P E R T Y 
N R 
D E L 
R IO 
W O RTH 5575o 
O N L Y $5ooo 
C A L L 
B 
D A V IS 
782-8116_____________ 

Reoltors-NE Loop ole 
IO A C R E S N E A R S E G U IN 
972-5352 
A F IR E P L A C E and interior rock w ork p riv a c y b re a k fa st patio grace this 3 bedroom cottage near bases. Low equity of only $25oo and a ssu m e p a y m e n ts of only 
$2o5. New listing, won t last long! 
681-o66o. 

R E A L T O R S 
2 A C R E S N E A R S O M E R S E T 
G a rd e n soil, b e a u tifu l tre e s, owner financed, $5o down and low monthly. Jim Leer, 684-3o44. 

R E A L T O R S 
O w ner, B e lla ire , 3-1-cp Nice, 
$15,75o. V A, PH A , or Contract 
By appointment, 633-o556.________ 
3-1-1, in this fine location. L arge trees, fe n ce d y a rd . W a lk to e le m e n ta ry sch o o l 
N ow just 
52o,9oo. 
Erie 
Nagel, 
696-533o, 
6*6-2712. 
Century 21 
OW N! P R O F IT ! $o DOW N 
B U IL D E R S D E V E L O P E R S 
3 acres, oaks. Exclusive suburb 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

B IL L S O U T H E R N 
••• W H Y R E N T ? ••• 
B U Y -N o lh in g down to anyone! 
E a sy to qualify. 2, 3, ond 4 be­ droom s, som e with appliances. 
Call now! H a b la m o s E sp a n o l. 
923-19o4, 923-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

N e a r S o m e rse t, lots of tre e s 
R.E.A. electricity, Atoscoso Co 
Country living ol its best. Cecil 
Orrick 
Dun Smith Bi o k a 
735-8ooo 
4 A C R E S NO DO W N , 531 99 mo 
Lake LBJ, coll 341 2oo3. 

W hitehead H o lid ay 
684 3711______________ R E A L T O R S 
Hill Country 5 acres. *425 down payment, 566.3o per month. M ony trees, rolling hills Owner financ­ ing available. C oll tor appoint, ment 734 7964 

L O V E L Y 4 B E D R O O M 
Gigantic den with fireplace, for­ mal living and dining room. Plus a gam e room. Neor Medico! Center. 
Ask for Ruth Foiles. 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 

E Z Buying 3-4 bedroom s appl 
733-9111 
B Gonzales 
623 1369 
A M E R IC A N A - n oth in g down, 
4-2-1, a ir fence, p aym ent $235. 
First payment in July. 
674-6)2 6________R A E Real Estate 
A R E A O F L A C K L A N D - 3 be droom beauty! O nly $18o Iola! move im Like new! No credit? No problem ! Call today! 922-2173, 
675-9294, 673-4714. 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

Century 21 
Q U I E T SU B D IV IS IO N N E A R 41o 
3 and 
4 b e d ro o m h o m e s, payments SHO to $23o. Shown anytime. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
675-1691 
674 1777 

Q uietly seclu ded In W oodlaw n 
Hills, Build now or hold for in vestment. Term s available $3,8oo to $6ooo. Paved streets. All utili­ ties Near Schools ond shopping 
N e ar B a n d e ra Rd. and B e m u s 
Or. For details call Louis Flares, 
732-2241. 
___________ 

Harm ony Hills colonial. Walk to 
Ele m -E ise n h a u e r Jr. 3-2-2-den. 
542,5oo. Assum e or ref. 341-755* 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
341-7115______________ R E A L T O R S 
R A IN B O W H IL L S 
N ic e 3 be droom s, den, I '? baths, central heat-air, won to wall caoet, large covered patio. E a u ity or re fin ­ ance. Monthly paym ents S197, int. 
8%, total price $26,ooo. C H A R L E S 
W ATTS R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732-5355, 228-91o4. 
___________ 

Century 21 
3-2-2 With fireplace, patio cover, p riv o c y fence, In Tw in C re e k 
Sub-Division, 538,5oo. 68I-39S2. 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 Mom St 
Boerne, Tx 
(512)249 2o31 Collect 
H O M E IN T H E H IL L S 
E x e c u tiv e h o m e in the H ill 
Country with a 4o mile view Less than I year old with over 25oo sq. 
II, of living oreo. Located on 27 acres lust 15 m iles from Loup 
16o4 
Call Riley Flynn 
Niles 698 2842 
SI 49,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6395 

4 + A C R E S - N O R T H 
Corner, paved 2 sides, big trees 
828-o665 
736 1766 
734 4117 
W ATSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
R E D E C O R A T E D 2 bedroom , at toched g a r a g e . N e w c o rp e l, screened porch, large corner lot 
$13,5oo. 923-4327. 924 2922 
Ronald W illiam son 
5 Room house with with large kit­ chen, lot 5ox15o, n e a r schools, owner financed. 
823 
Clovis 
9 1 4 - 4 o 9 6 . ___________________ 

TR A D IT lO N A L -b e a u ti tut livin g a n d d in in g ro o m , c a t h e d ra l ceilings in large fam ily room with firep lace, 3 be d ro o m , 2 both, covered patio, lots of built-ins, large corner lot. $57,5oo 
494-16o1 494-3o12 

Woods of Shavano, by owner, 3-2, 
2 fireplaces, m ony extras, 4527 
C ypress Woods. $59,9oo. 492-1881. 
LOW A S S U M P T IO N S 
M A R S H A L L HI A R E A 
B R A U N ST A T IO N 
3-2-2. single living area wilh fire­ place. 
Paym ents under 
$38o. 
$43,8oo 
C A N T E R F IE L D 
Pretty 1oo% rock 3-2-2, paym ents under $27o. Priced of $35,9oo 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
Lovely 4-2-2, m ony greot features. 
Priced in low 4o's. H urry to see this 

A T T E N T IO N ! 
Bellaire and M cCollum residents! 
Coll now for F R E E m arket a n ­ alysis. No emigration, or drop by 
118 W. Hutchins. 924-4253 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

Not in a sub-division. Off Hwy 
281, just 25 min. north of m olls 
$16oo per acre owner financed 
Call Jim H anley, B ro k e r. S .A direct dial 497-3621 Anytime. 

Tw o story, cu sto m built, 4 b e ­ drooms, 2’ 2 baths, approx. 2,ooo sa. ft. sw im a n d te n n is c lu b , professionally landscaped, neor schools. 
349-1436 A n y tim e 

3 bedroom duzy built for the whole family. 2o ft. den, separate living room, dining with built-ins, ref., stove ond dishwasher. $23,7oo. 
S A N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
Roiling Ridge, Owner, 4-2-2. 1944 sq.ft. Upper $4o'5. 684-8554. 

S K Y H A R B O R A R E A - 3-1-1, corner, air, appliances, $215 dn. 
$184 mo. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
SO U TH SA N SC H O O LS 
3 bedroom s, l 'j baths, cen trol heat, sin g le attached g a ra g e , w a lk in g d ista n c e e le m e n ta ry school and park. G ood starter home. $17,5oo 

C O M P A S R E A L T Y 
497-3621 R E A L T O R S 1 + 438 7442 
11.9 A C R E S off B a n d e ra Hw y. 
Peer, Castle lake. 432-4681_______ 

 with a view of Lake LB J. Living room bas double rock fireplace risin g 2-stories to the lop of the cathedral ceiling Large, spacious bedroom s with luxury baths. The c ir c u la r d r iv e w a y s w e e p s majestically u p the hillside. 3 car garage, I to accomodate a large bool. Asking price? $115,ooo. Call 
B e lly B ro w n 512 5VB 5257. Fox 
Gibbs Realty. 

Century 21 
H urry! 3 bedroom, 2 both, separ­ ate living and fam ily rooms, fully carpeted, ond very roomy. O N L Y 
$2o,ooo NO D O W N V A or open terms. Beautiful oreo. 
674-3552 
R E A L T O R S 
H O D SD O N & A S S O C IA T E S 
Century 21 w h i t e h e a d -h o l l i d a y 

3 Houses on 4 acres, Villoret ond 
S. Zarzom oro. B y Owner Jam es 
Williams. I 598-5134.______________ 
Solor home-1' ? ocres of oaks. 
Room for pool, tennis, horses. 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 3 bath, den, fireplace, polios. Bv owner. 
W H M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494-3644 

5 ocres on spring fed creek. $675 down paym ent. $1o5.29 per mo. 
O w ner will fin a n ce B ig trees. 
Beautiful view s. C all for m ore in fo rm a tio n . 734-9S98________________ 

INC, R E A L T O R S 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
R O O M F O R A L L 
Your family, friends. 4-2' 2-2, 3 big living areas, quiet tree-shaded street. Convenient SW Research, 
SW Medical. W alk to school. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S ...C o lo n ia l 3 bedroom, 2 both home has shag carpeting, form al living, dining rooms...paneled fam ily room with fireplace. Covered patio! 
$45,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

IF Y O U L IK E C O U N T R Y L IV 
IN G , call us about 2 residential lots In Sun Valley. 341-4666, Hiles 
344-/o36 
Don Bouchelic 
A C O INC R E A L T O R S M L S 

IH 1o-NW 
B Y O W N E R - Large mobile on Vs a cre . T r e e s! 
M o n y e x t r a s ! 
$23,9oo. 341-o951, 698-26o4 

681-o3oo______________R E A L T O R S 
M IS S IO N T R A C E 
2 bedrooms, fireplace, m ust see to appreciofe. All the lu x u rie s of good life. 564,ooo. 696-1412 
61 I KOEHLER CT. 
B eau tifu l 3 b e d ro o m h o m e o n a 3 7 o ft. lot. Sp a cio u s liv ­ ing a re a . P lu sh carp et, c e n ­ tra l h e a t, lo rg e c o v e re d p a tio , lo ts o f e xtra s. 
C a ll n o V I 
HIGHLANDS 
C u sto m b u ilt hom es, 
3 b e d ro o m s. 
2 tile b a th s, sp acio u s liv in g d in in g c o m ­ b ination. 
1 9 x 1 4 fa m ily ro o m , p lu sh carp e tin g. 
Too many extras to mention. 
Call now!!! 
532-5245 nites 333-3988. 
•WU 
DEANIE 
W M OWENS CO. 
HALT ORS— MIS 
S. East Ofc. 

IO A C R E S with rood, well, elec. and septic tank. Paved road fron lo g e . 15 m in. N o rth of 16o4. 
535,5oo. 653-2883______________ 
L A R G E B U IL D IN G S IT E 
I mile north from Loop 16o4 N.W. desired location, deep soil and wooded area. Water, electricity, and phone. Paym ents of $54.34 at 
7 % sim ple Interest ofter sm a ll down pmt. Les Feller, 679-7229. 

N E W L IS T IN G . 4-2' 2-2 on shady 
% ocre, sprm klered and fenced lot. Beautiful co u rty a rd entry, sh ake roof, w etbor, fire p lace , p lush carpet, se p arate m a ste r 
: suite with private patio. 

O N B L U F F o v e r lo o k in g g o lf 
[course. M agnificent 2 story con­ tem porary with pool. 4 bedrooms, istu d v , liv in g , d in in g , a n d gomeroom. 
View s! 
View s! 
Views! 

E L E G A N T R O C K H O M E on % acre. Deck off form al living and dining room overlooks gorgeous pool area. M aster suite up, 2 be­ droom s ond gom eroom down. 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N . 1o8 
T ro ilc re s t . 
4 b e d ro o m c o n te m p o ra ry , I liv in g a re a , elevated treed lot. Choose your color1 

[JU ST C O M P L E T E D . 22o Alcolde 
I Moreno. White brick traditional, 
14-21 ?-2 with light and airy colors 
{throughout. 
Alm ost 
25oo sa.tt. 
589,5oo. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
{R E A L T O R S ________________ M L S 
H O L L Y W O O D 
P A H K - B T 
O W N E R . E x c e p tio n a l v a lu e . 
Prestigious 3 ye a r young home. 
O ne flo o r 2,5oo sq.ft. P o o l. 
Privacy fence, sprinkler. O w ner anxious. 494-5349 for appointment. 

B E A U T IF U L L Y L A N D S C A P E D 
Spacious 3-2-2 in Adorns Hill on cul-d e-sac, m a n y e x tra s, p lu s eauity and assum e. By owner. 
673 4536__________________________ 
2 Bedroom house on V era Cruz. 
Good condition. 223-6422 
___ 

3.8 A e s b e tw e e n N a t a lia a n d 
Devine. 
M any oaks. 
$8ooo. 
699-o334. 
S T O P 
C ause this is just w hat y o u ’re looking for, and if s a 3 bedroom, 2 bath and garage , paneled den, carpet, and m uch m o re l E a sy eauity and 52o2 per mo. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

N E A R M A R S H A L L HI 
Contemporary. Single living area w ith fire p lac e . 3 b e d ro o m s, 3 b a th s, c a rp e te d a n d d ra p e d , built-in elec. kitchen with refrig. 
Low eauity. $4o,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
*91-13oo 
Quick Crochet 
B E H I N D 
F E D M A R T- 
3 b e ­ drooms, IV2 baths. $2oo down 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 
S E R E N E C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
Spacious Spanish house with over 
I acre. M ust see this one. 349-1479 
H ector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 
SHAVANO PARK 
I ocre, over 3ooo sa ft of elegant living, 4 bedroom s, extra lorge fomily room, 2 living areas. Just reduced. 
$115,ooo. 
Call now! 
696-1412 

Century 21 
B E L L A IR E . Nice 3 bedroom , 2 bath, carpeted. B uy eauity and assume. 923-4327, 349-8453 
Ronald W illiam son 
B E L L A IR E 
Vocant and ready to m ove in. All carpeted 3 bedroom olus o w ork­ ro o m a n d s to r a g e ro o m . 
Equipped kitchen and only 
521,ooo. 
Century 21 
S chneider Realty________ 684-72oo 
B U Y V A - M O V E IN T O D A Y 
Nothing down, no clo sin g cost, 
JU ST M O V E IN ! 3-2 2, $246 mo payment, first paym ent in August. 
674-6126________R & E Real Estate 
3-1* 2-1, by owner of 7oo6 B row n­ lee!. E x c e lle n t n e w e r hom e. 
Trees, fenced yard, patio, central air-heat. No red tape. $9oo M ove in now! Can finance stove and refrigerator if desired. Call Plea­ santon 1-569-3382. 

4-2 'j-2 , lo c a te d on q u ie t cul-de-sac, m ini condition, over 
2ooo sq.ft, huge lot. 
O N L Y 
54o,7oo. 
674-3552 
R E A L T O R S 
H O D SD O N & A S S O C IA T E S 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC. 
N E A R U T SA ! lovely 3-2-2 for only 
536o total move in. W on't last! Call today! 922-2173, 673-4714, 675-9294. 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
Needs repairs, 4 bedroom, 2 bath, apt-garage, S18oo equity, assum e 
511,7oo. 537 W. Mulberry. 344-299o. 

Shearer Hills, 3-2, playroom, new central air, m any trees on .5 ocre, convenient to oil shop p ing, by owner, $39,9oo. 344-6575.__________ 

52o T O T A L M O V E IN 3 bedroom, 
I both, air, patio, only $2o,275! 
First Paym ent J U L Y ! 
222-9616TERRA R E A LT Y 2 4 H R S 
A V A IL A B L E N O W ! Lovely 3-2-2 for only $165 total move in. G rab this one w hile you can. D o n 't 
Wait! No credit? No problem! 
922-2173, 673-4714, 675-9294 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

3 bedroom, V t both, new carpet, refrigerator, stove, dishw asher, all under 2 yrs. old. Beautiful yard. 7 % V A assum e. N orth of 
Loop 41o off Blanco Rd. Ow ner- 
Aaent 344-9952___________________ 

Alm ost An Acre) $9oo with only 
$1oo down, $36.18 per month for 24 months al 8 % A P R . L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 342 1661. 

Guadalupe River North, Close in, neor Boerne. Tw o acres, huge tre e s, o il to o so ii a n d g r a s s . 
Robert Sm ith, B roker. 698-2o61, eve. 494-6777.____________________ 

Because it's a whale of a buy. 3 be d ro o m s w ith su n k e n fa m ily room and fireplace. Located in a ve ry desirable Northw est loca­ tion. Selling for $32,oo(7 ond only 
$1,45o down or no down on VA. 

E A R L Y A M E R IC A N D E L IG H T 
4 lorge b ed room s, h u ge livin g- d in in g room , se p a ra te fa m ily room, patio with arbor, privacy fenced y a rd . U n d e r $4o,ooo. 
341-72o1. R E A L T O R S 

NO C IT Y T A X E S 
Fully carpeted 3-2-2, la rge den, living area, 2' j years old, all lux­ u ry e xtras, Leon V a lie v a re a. 
Only $36,9oo. Hove 4 others from 
$28,5oo. Call today 
LOW E Q U IT Y plus no city taxes. Off Bandera 
Rd. 3 bedroom. 2 bath, carpeted all luxury extras. 
Total only 
$24,95o. 
F O R E S T O A K S 
All brick 4-2-2, big den, living ond d in in g. F u lly ca rp e te d , fence around pretty treed yard. Low interest. $43,5oo 

N o down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some with cir ond appliances. P a ym e n ts le ss lhan rent! 
BO B D c P A O L O 
532-5251 
R E A L T O R 

B Y O W N ER , large lot, 2 bedroom, separate den. A sking 515,ooo. 2o1 
Berkshire. 226-8425._____________ 

Beautiful Oak covered I lo 2 ocre tracts with city water. N.S. School 
District. Horses welcome. Owner financing 
P IG O T T P R O P E R T IE S 
Sat-Sun 695-9183 
A N Y T IM E 494-7871_______ 
Century 21 
N E A R N E W L A K E 
S A L E F O R C E L E T U S D O W 
Now offered bv builder, 2 luxury type h o m e of ' to w a y r e ­ placement cost. House open call collect for details and directions. 
249-2332, 249-2382, 735 3634 SA 

Schneider Realty 
W H Y R E N T ? 
B U Y -N o th in g down to anyone! 
E a sy to qualify. 2, 3, and 4 be­ drooms, some with oppliancs. Coll now ! 
H a b lo m o s 
E s p a n o l. 
923-19o4, 923-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

B Y O W N E R . 3-2-1. 7oo6 B ro w n ­ lee!. 51,ooo. and m ove in now. Call 
Pleasanton 1-569-3382. 
_____ 
H O L M E S H IG H SC H O O L, 3-2-1, 
53oo dn, S2S5 mo - Jut paym ents. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
H O N E Y M O O N C O T T A G E 
New on market. C harm ing 3 be­ d ro o m , I b o th ho m e in n ice neighborhood. Fa n ta stic a r c h i­ tecturally designed patio. 519,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

3 bedroom convertible, electric garage, sprinkler system , large living and dining, built-in kitchen. 
Beautiful free-shaded neighborhood 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
S U P E R B U Y , S U P E R L O C A ­ 
T IO N ! 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 fu ll tile baths. N e ar M e d ica l C enter in 
Sunset Hills. Central heal and air. 
Fenced. 
$28,5oo. 
Coll 
342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 

C LO SE TO B A S E S - 3 ond 4 be­ drooms, nothing down, paym ents start from $17o to $25o. Som e with appliances, 
First paym ent in 
July. 
674-6126________R A E Real Estate 
C LO SE TO L A C K L A N D 
Enjoy the fam ily room and fire­ place in this 2-1. R a n ge and re­ frigerator stay. No down to Vets, call 924-4253, Hiles 923-6185 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

B Y O W N ER . 3-1-1, off IH 37 South. 
5618 Greenhouse. Excellent E ast 
Centrol Schools. $1,ooo. and m ove in now. Call Pleasanton 1-569-3382. 

Neor UTSA, M edical Center, etc., tine homesite with water. $55oo. 
T re e s, lo rg e lu x u r y c u sto m homes ail around you A bargain. 
H BG 
Real Estate, 342-1661 or 
679-715o 

C ountry hom e on two beautiful wooded ocres. Two m iles from d ow ntow n B o e rn e . T h is 4 b e ­ droom , 2 bath hom e hos m ony extras including water softener, intercom, custom drapes in living ond family rooms. Burn and tack room. Priced to sell in low 7o s. 
Boerne, Tx 

512 C O O P ER - Owner will finance large older-style 2 bedroom , de­ tached grage. 
S/5oo. 
923-4327, 
626-1777 
Ronald W illiam son 
3-l-Cp. By Owner, $1,2oo equity, 
Highland Hills. 6/4-8159.__________ 

Century 21 
House (Cedur Shake Roof) New paint - Inside needs som e work. 
W as $8,ooo but now taking cst. 
M ust sell! 828-8o5o or 1-42o-2o76 aft 5 
_ _ _ 

N O R T H W O O D H IL L S lU ocre, waler, electricity, paved street. N E schools, no city taxes, 
S8ooo. 497-3572 
_____ 
____ 

Whitehead-Holidov 
684-37)1______________ R E A L T O R S 
NO D O W N P A Y M E N T . S2o clos­ ing cost. Anyone con buy. 3 be­ droom s, I ' j boths, large fenced yard.Paym ents less than rent 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 

Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSO C 
I A L M O S T D R O P M Y B R IC K S when I heard by new owner was transferred I'm sitting on a hill­ side with a fantotstic view, I hove 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, cathedral beam ed single living area, fire­ place. tastefully decorated. $45oo buys m y equity. 

Oellcrest, all b rick, corn e r lot, 
3-2-2. 
Fenced, living, dining rooms. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o__________________ 661-3322 
Eastw o o d V illa g e , 3 b ed room , carpeted, central air and heat. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o 
661-3322 
E A S T W O O D V IL L A G E - 3-1-Op, air, appliances, $21o down, 5185 mo 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 

Crochet 
R E P O S - T oke over p a ym e n ts 
T h e ir lo ss is y o u r g a in ! 1972 prices Adjacent to Conyon Lake, 
Call M yron L. Maples, broker. 
342-18o8________________________ _ 
O W N E R M u st Sell I acre NW 
Util., oaks, paved roods. 684-277o 

 your lot. All paneled and plumb ing, vinyl floor covering 
2 bedroom, l bath, $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom, I bath, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber_________ 624-2256 

242 S Main____________ 1-249-2678 
B O E R N E - O ve r 18 A c re s with h u n tin g c a b in a n d s o r in g s . 
522,5oo. 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 224-7171 
______ 

Come see what a cozy house I will be. 
924-42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 533 7987 

RE A LT O R S-5 o Y eors of T R U S T 

52oo DOW N- 3 bedroom s, corpets, air, 1st payment in July. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

Beautiful 5 bedroom s, 3 % bath home in N E school district. R ear entry garage, bonus room, lots of storage and build ins. $89,7oo. 
344-3o78, nites. 828-oo98. 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

Com fortable 3 bedroom , 2 both hom e in the St. M a r y 's ore a. 
Large, carpeted living room. Just reduced to $18,ooo. 
684-o753 
6539 B A N D E R A 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 

B Y O W N E R , 3 bedroom , I both home on I 1 j acres. 1-426-3561 
E A S Y TO B U Y - A n yb o d y can boy. No Credit, no problem . No down payment, little cash to m ove in. First payment in July. 
674-6126________R & E Real Estate 
1426 E l P a so , 7 ro o m h o u se , 
56,ooo. Henry, 732-9163 S P M to 
8PM. 
_ 

By owner, m odern 4 bedroom, 3 both, brick home plus IO acres in 
M orion area, avail July I, $74,5oo. 
1-42o 22o8 for app t._______________ 

342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 
CHINA GROVE 
AREA 

1-6 ACRES, 8 GAS, WATER ANO 
LIGHTS. PAVLO ROADS. 

WILSON CO. 

2o-48 ACRES. SOME COASTAL, 
WATER 

648-333o 648-o448 
LG. RIPPS, REALTY 

2' I acre s • 521oo. Repossession. 
M ake up S back paym ents and fake over balance. L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E , 342 1661________ 

T ire d of w o n d e rin g w hat yo u r home is worth? Call our Qualified staff for your F R E E home m arket analysis. 
684-o753 
6539 B A N D E R A 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 

Small 

Medium 

 larg* 
PHOTO-GUIDE 

 e x c l u s i v e lo look al ond lovely to own. This 4 bedroom - two story home hos all the extras of o luxury home ex­ cept for the price! Only $64,9oo for all of these features; 4 huge be­ droom s, 2"? boths. wet bar, for­ m al dining, fa m ily room with fire p lac e a n d m o n y b u ilt-in s. 
Much more that you must see to appreciate. 
684-433o 344-62o7 A n y tim e 

Oak Glen Park, 3-2-2, eat in kit­ chen, living-dining room, fam ily room , fire p la c e , w a lk to N E sc h o o l, s h o p p in g , no a g e n ts. 
$49,5oo. 341-6471._________________ 

2 baths, 19oo salt. carpet central, corner, big trees, nice 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W ATSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
Lovely 2 bedroom on big shady lot with garage and separate dining, stove ond refrigerator included. 
Only $16,5oo. Coll now 
532-3252 
N IT E S 648-321o 

I to 2 acre tracts with beautiful view of lake, la rg e oak trees, paved roads, located on south side of lake. Owner financing. 
1-899-298o 
__________ _______ 

E N E R G Y S A V E R 
Walk to Lackland A F B . O lder 3 bedroom, I bath home with range. 
N o dow n p a y m e n t re q u ire d . 
Anyone can buy! Only $16,975. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

Just 14 mi. south of 41oS. 4 be d room s, 3 baths, den w ith fir- place, sw im m ing, fishing, hunt­ in g 
J E R R Y B A C O N , R E A L 
T O R S . 
1-742-3283, 
622-3323, 
622-3735, 622-3295 
__ 

This lacy-daisy hat is quick to crochet and so very nice to wear! Make! it in w hite or favorite color. No. 5721 has com-j plete crochet directions. \ 
$ 1 . 2 5 ecu 
1976 a lb u m plus Special! 
Quilt Supplem ent o f pat­ tern pieces and directions' for 7 quilts. T r ic e.,$2.oo. 

ALSO THESE BOOKS AT $1.25 EACH. 
Ho. o-116—BLUE RIBBON QUILTS. 
Contains sateen lovely quilts. 
No. o-117-Q U ILTS ON PARADE. 
Directions fo r six te e n Q uilts. 
No. o-118—GRANDMOTHER'S FLOW 
ER oUILT8. 1o fascinating quilts. 
No. o-119-A M E R IC A 'S FAVORITE 
AFGHANS. A beautiful selection. 
No. 8-12o — MAKE A GIFT. Many gifts for friends and family. 

P erfect for those extra chilly days . . . a com fort­ able robe with draw­ string belt! No. 8362 w ith 
Photo-Guide is in Sm all, 
I Medium or Large Size. 
Medium (12-14) . . . 3% 
I yards 54-inch. 
Patterns available only in sizes shown. 

$ 1 . 2 5 e o . 
Coupon for FR EE P at­ tern is in the ’75 Fall & 
W inter 
Basic 
F A S H I O N . 
Price . . . $1.25 a copy. 
Also send for No. 15oo 
A D V E N T U R E S IN 
S E W IN G . 
Hints to give garments a professional look. $1.25. 

3 Bedroom, H i bath, fully carpet­ ed, freshly painted near Nim itz and Lee Schools. $18,5oo, VA, 
PH A 
826-o45o 
655-o415 
655-7146 
B E L M E A D E R E A L T Y 

C R Y S T A L C L E A R C R E E K 
Unusual 
Unspoiled 
Unexpensive 
Very private, m ony huge trees, close North Hill Country Robert 
Smith, Broker. Evenings 494-677/ 

E A ST C E N T R A L A R E A 
46 acres beautiful brick home, needs finishing, huge oak trees, good fences, workshop, see Ihts- make offer. 
648-333oLG R IP P S R L T Y .648 o448 

Exceptionally clean and spacious is this well built 3 bedroom home in prestigious area with mimer- eous pleasing features. You will 
(m d it well p ric e d at $57,9oo. 
828-8241, nites 655-2437. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

R M G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
242 M A IN 
B O E R N E , T E X A S 
249-2678, 249 3545, 249-3546 
V e ry sh arp 3 bedroom , 2 both tow nhouse, w ith o h u ge 19x12 master bedroom. Built-in kitchen, cenirai heat and air, Assum e 524S mo. payments. 
681-3222, nites 
435-4488 
Century 21 
Secluded 53.722 A cre s, 8.6 mi. from Kendaiia. Jim Ashley Realty 
226-7774 
________ 
R E A L T O R S - B a i l d e r o R d . Off. 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
Luxury 3 bedroom with m assive fireplaced living. Bright gam er- oom, open s u n n y kitchen, te r­ raced patio. 5o s. 
S A N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699 92o) 

J E F F E R S O N A R E A 
3-2, form al liv in g dining room, family room, den, fireplace. 
R A N C R E S T R E A L T Y 433-6676 

Highland Hills. 3-2-1. 862 Pennys tone. 534-553o_________ 
Building sights on beautiful old. flowing creek with moiestic oaks to shade your retreat, OR relax in the high hills with breath taking 4o mile views. Tranquillity, only 16 m iles N.W. of L o o p 16o4 
See 
F R E E D O N S P R IN G S R A N C H 
Anytim e Cull collect. Ranch A C. 
(512) 535-439), 547-SOI2, or S A. 
828-783o. 
____________________ 

H IG H L A N D S, large older home, 4 bedroom, 3 both, fireplace, air, fully carpeted, lots of potential for only $21,95o. 674-5411 

Devine, T e x a s 
1-663-4558 

B IL L S O U T H E R N 
While Ihev last! 5 A cre Tracts, paved road s, a p p ro v e d w a le r system, garden-tvpe soil. 
344-6268 
684-5768 
923-5844 

Sdlil level 3-21 v-2, den, corner, 
Central, built-ins S U P E R V IE W . 
341-4455 R E A L T O R S 826-6716 > 
Im p r e s s iv e 5-31 j - 3 e x e c u tiv e hom e on one a c re e state. 
Spacious room s throughout. All the amenities. $116,9oo. 344-3o78, nites 492-9917. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

F IR S T T IM E O F F E R E D . A s ­ sume this 3 BR, 2 bath with double garage. Sm all equity, paym ents 
5247 mo. 
333-4144 
Nites 649-12o2 
3-1-2, big trees, fenced yard extra tot hos septic, utilities 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534 4439 
W ATSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
NW of Sa n A n to n io in B e x a r, 
Comal, Kendall Co s. 1-18- acres or More 

Let your home eauity be the 1o% or 2o% down paym ent! 8 12% now! 
G o in g u p ? ? ? ? 8 m o d e ls ooen daily! 
Callaghan al 
Vance 
Jackson! 

J E F F E R S O N S C H O O L A R E A , carpeting, 3-2-2 with fireplace, d rop e s, ond m ost a p p lia n c e s. 
12x12 greenhouse. All for $38,ooo on open terms. Call 828-8195 ask tor Thelma. R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

SO U T H : 2 'j A cre s or more, all utilities, terms. 626-1544__________ 
1435 S T E V E S A V E 
2 bedroom, I bath, living room , dining room and combination kit­ chen ond breakfast room, h a rd ­ wood floors and fenced backyard with pecan trees. W allace Cook 
344-2341, 532-9292 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

SO UTH E A ST 
Fo r sale by owner-3 bedroom s. 
Also unattached gorage with be­ droom. On acre of lond 432-2644, 
432-266o 
_______________ 

O AK H IL L S 
Pre stigio u s hom e with e ve ryth ­ ing! livmg-dining room, den with fire p lace , g a m e room , h ob b y room plus bar room. 4 bedrooms, 
3 baths, 35oo sa It of g ra c io u s liv in g a re a, b u ilt in v a c u u m , sp rin k le r system , m uch m ore, 
598,5oo. By appointment only 
H S R E A L T Y , 
824 7417. 344-5633________ 

G uad alupe frontage, a c c e ss to 
R iver. Sw im m ing, boating, and fish in g. H o m e site or fo r w e e ­ kends. Norm an 494;3754L^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

V a to 3 ac, all utilities 
828 o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A TSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
Sparkling water on Guadalupe 
117 acres, cypress-pecan trees 
492-9436 H Castle Really 732-66o2 

698-244o 
B R O K E R 
G A T E W A Y T E R R A C E - 3-2-cp, air, appliances, $225 dn. $195 mo. 
Jut. payment. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
GOT 51oo? 
Then there s a large selection o» governm ent ow ned hom es you ca n ch o o se fro m 3 a n d 4 b e ­ drooms. Call for details. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

JU ST L IS T E D . A nitty in the low 
5o s. 3 b e d ro o m b ric k ra n c h . 
Study could be 4th bedroom, for­ mal oreo, fam ily room with fire­ place. oak treed lot greenhouse, pool ond tennis courts in area. 
Coll today 

A C R E A G E 
T R A C T S 
N e o r 
Boerne, Pipe Creek, Devine ond 
Lavernio 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

Mail TO: San Antonio Express & News 
Pattern Dept. 7 8 2 
P.O. Box 5 3 4 o 
Chicago, Illinois 6 o 6 8 o 

T R A D IT IO N A L B E A U T Y . P e r ­ fect ho m e fo r fa m ily liv in g 
M other will appreciate the well planned kitchen with accent on lots of cabinet space and built-ins. 
3 bedroom s, dining room, living room and that som ething extra called a Garden Room ! Cnurchill school area. 494-7651 A N Y T IM E 

O w n e r m u st s a c r if ic e o v e r 4 ocres, one of the most breath tok­ ing views in the Hill Country. See, ond you will buy. M ust sell quick­ ly. Coll M r. Wood, 497-3751, eves 
822-9355. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

N e o r S u th e rla n d S p r in g s Rd., 
Fantastically beautiful home with too mony extras to mention. A sk ­ ing 595.OOO.Ask for Pat Gillis. 

In Bellaire. 3 bedroom s, I bath, fresh paint. V A loon 824-421, nites 
674-o744 
Name 
Address 

City 

PATTERNS— 
I 25 each 

$1495 - Nam e your terms. A s low as $35 per month. H B G R E A L 
E ST A T E . 733-13o9 or 497-3584 
Beautiful 3-2-2, garden home with com m unity club house and two pools. Separate living, dining and fam ily room . $79,5oo. 344-3o78, nites 344-1612. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

Zip Code 

N EED LEW O R K — 

342-3)11 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 
JU ST L IS T E D A spotless freshly painted and carpeted 75% brick, 3 bedroom, 2 both, double garage hon-ra rn one of NW best areas. 
Refinance or assum e $259. Priced 
(or quick sale! 681-o66o. 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
H E R IT A G E F A R M . O versized J bedroom, 2 bath on large land s­ caped lot, all applionced kitchen, open terms or assum e S234 month with tow. low eauity. 681-o66o. 

Tok# up paym ents on % acre NW for hom e building. W ater, city utilities. Mr. Feller, 679-72/9. 
G o rge o u s w ooded lot, o ve r an acre. Paved streets, electricity, telephone, no city loxes, yet very close in. Minutes from UTSA, Med 
Center, U SA A . $5995, O w ner fin­ ancing B IL L E S S E X 341-5941 

R E A L T O R S 5o Yeors Pl T R U ST 
T R E E S T R E E S T R E E S 
W O N D E R F U L S H A D E IN B A C K 
Y A R D . 3-2-2, ce n tral h eol-air, w hite b ric k on qu ie t stre e t, vacont, move in now, clean. Just reduced 538,5oo. 696-1412 

L A K E S ID E 
Low a ssu m p tio n tor this 3 b e ­ droom, 2 bath home. Attractive inside and out. 
$27,45o. 
Niles 
648-o625. 

Realtors-NE Loop ole 
2 to 4 a c r e s n o rth . M o b ile s , h o rse s, ok. $5o dow n, $35.65 monthly. IO years. M agee 342-2516 
N o 
Size 
No. 

Fashion Book SI.O O □ 
Needle Album 1.oo □ 
All patterns m ailed first class. 
— Books separately — * 

L arge wooded Hilltop H om esite with SDectular view, lorge heavy 
Oak Trees Utilities plus w ater system, North of Hollywood Park, out So n P e d ro . T e rm s 
T om 
Toylor 494-523? or 349-5/23 

24 to 83 acres, S. Bexar, utilities, 
$175 acre, by owner, 922 /62/ 
2o Acres at $695 acre off 281N, 
Pretty oaks, excellent hunting 
Jim Ashley Real Estote 684-4276 
Century 21 
O L M O S O R I V E 
L a r g e o ld e r home, 2 bedroom, den, spacious kitchen, garage, workshop, trees galore. V A-FH A. Call Ann 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R e o lto r 
648-337o 

L A R G E S W IM IN G P O O L 
Lot ge home with 5 or m ore be­ droom s, 2.7 a cre s tree covered hill. IO m inutes north of U T SA . 
Available immediately. 698-21o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 
L A S T C H A N C E B Y O W N E R . 
3-2-2. 11o2 M orey Peak. $34,ooo. 
342-5561 
_________ 

IX PRI 55 AND NEWS 

3-2-2, patio, fence, no city tax 
828-o665 
736-1/66 
6/5-o629 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
H U D and V A a c q u ire d hom es throughout the city. 
Area representatives 
924-42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 533-798/ 

5 A cres, B lan co, Tx. No down payment. $49.5o mo. Jim Ashley 
Realty 226-7774._________________ 

H A P R E S E R 653-6182 Anytim e 
L a rg e tract N o rfh out 281, 15 m iles. O aks, go o d soil, *85oo. 
Robert Smith, Broker. 698-2o93. eve. 494-6667. 
_________________ 

L A K E S ID E S U B D IV IS IO N 
Lovely 4-2-2, neor 41o. Fireplace, carpet, appliances, $4oo mo. m ust see. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
675-1691 
673-491o 
IN IHE e x M L ss n e w s 
CAU 225-1666 

For Sale: Approx. 7oo a cre s % m ile from P le a sa n to n . O r will divide in 2 tracts-of 425 - 28o acres. 
B y Owner, term s, b u y e rs only. 
Home; 
512-277-3487 or 
Office, 
512-277-5151._______ ______________ 

IO Acres, east of Blanco, sm all house, good lop soil. Jim Ashley 
Real Estate 684-4276. 
_______ f O R THE FAS TE ST B E S U I T * 
O N A W A N I A D 
IH E N U M B E R TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

FO R FAS T RE SULTS 
PL ACE Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN THI E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A U 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

F O R F A S I Vt SUL I S 
PLACE Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W 5 
CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

TMF N U M B E R TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

PLACE Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN TF I E X P R E S S N E W S 
CA LL 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W * 

17648335 

^ 

 f o u r t h P a g e 
Express-News— Monday May 2, 1977^ 3B. COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

23o-LOTS 
232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 

LO TS 
Close to 
UTSA. 
MANY to select from. -1 with mobile home, ready for new owner, and price is a STEAL!! 3 in 
Jefferson area. Owners soy, 
"SELL! SELL! SELL!" 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 349-6J11 

ISOM ROSO 
71x197 pave d, utilities 
828 o6*5 
736*1766 
734-4117 
W A T S O N & SO N R E A L T O R S 

Je ffe rso n oreo, 5o*165', convert lent school, best offer. 433-226o 

 i OT T O R S A L E , G a rd e n R idge, corner lot JIo.Soo. 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
<94-7781 
P E R N IT A S P O IN T 
W E S T S I D E 
L A K E C O R P U S C H R IS T I 
% a c re lot. D isa b ility p re c lu d e s ow ner utilization A s k in g $7,ooo 
W rite M s. Pot Best, H U N S A K E R h A S S O C IA T E S , 75o6 E v e r h a r t 
R d , C o rp u s C hristi, Tx. 78413. or call < 5! 21-991-9411 

1 2 o ACRES 
Northeast — live Oak Co., oil brush, minerals, rood frontage. 
S425 pet atte 
75o ACRES 
North of Pettus - On Goliad to. line, paved rood frontage, good fields, large trees and brush 
Good hunting. Owner financing. 
$55o per acre 
6o3 ACRES 
I tittle east of Helena. $55o per acre, some minerals, all in im­ proved grass. 
SO ACRES 
Near Kennedy, cultivated, fenced, water well and some trees. Ex­ cellent weekend retreat S62S per out. 
25o ACRES 
Medina (aunty — South of Ban­ dera Secluded with good access, excellent hunting ranch ond weekend reheat 
Private rood easement to Medina lake flex ible terms (all Gary Roberts. 
VESTLAND 
(5 1 2 )8 5 4 -1 o 1 5 

732-M M K M il M I M 
SHIE 

SW 75x15o lot fully equip; trave l tra ile r, st o ra g e b ld g 
R e a d y to m ove o n ’ $3,95o. 333-135o 

W anted-Lots 6 o 'X I2 o ' restricte d to 
8oo sq.ft bouse 532-7o44 

232 • FARMS ANH RANCHES 

 r 
13oo ACRES 
M E D IN A COUNTY 
Excellent hunting and gra tin g tend 4 9 m ite* from city limit* af 5an Antonio. V, m ineral in ­ cluded. H J O p er aero 
2 9 % down. Balance I S ye ar* at 7 % . 
4 5 o ACRES 
W ESTERN B A N C IR A COU NTY 
An excellent place for rho person w ho w ont* tho* paradise at the mid of tho road. Hunter* cabin with elec­ tricity, beautiful roiling hill*, deep canyons with spring*, o hunter* p aradise with white tail deer, w ild turkey, Russian 
Boor and stocked with exotic black buck antelope. 
12o ACRES 
BANDERA 
Rock home, guest haute, all the born*, pen* end facilities for cuttle or horse operation. 
Im proved grasses. stocked pond, lice creek, deer, turkey ond A xis deer. S t 9 o .o o o with terms negotiable. 
JOHN R. LANGFORD, 
NAITO # 
698-2111 or 1-796-3933 J 

* COUNTRY (S IA U * 
I SO year old, German Rock home, completely remodeled, 32oo sg. 
It. 3ox4o living room, bor, 2 fireplaces, swimming pool. Situat­ ed on 1o6 acres with 3 barns, stables, only 16 miles north S A. 
Excellent financing with low down payment, shown by ap­ pointment only to quoined buyers. 
5 1 2 -8 8 5 -4 6 8 2 j 

A 29.29 A C R E I K A L I 
G a r n e r P a r k - L e a k e y A r e o - n ea vilv w ooded - bood h u n tin g * ele ctricity a v a ila b le $25o dow n, 
(si ll 49 m onth C oll E m o r y Jo n e s 
1734-4627 o r 828-6244 

C A L D W E L L C O 
169 A C R E S , b e a u t ifu l w in d in g c re e k , go o d so il, n ic e b u ild in g site. 3 m ile s from town. $695 per acre, excellent ow n er fin a n c in g 
22o A C R E S go o d c re e k b ottom farm land. $575 p er acre 
E rn e stin e G abriel, B ro k e r, L o c k- hardt, Tx I 398 37*3, I 398 33*2 
C o m a l C o u n ty , 3oo A c r e s, n e a r 
C an yo n L a k e Sp rin g s. W a te r lait, on creek, ve ry ro ugh o nd scenic. 
P a v e d a c c e ss, s m a ll a m o u n t of 
G uadalupe R iv e r fron tage Deer, turkey, fishing, $85o an A cre s. 
Term s. 
COMMUTERS RANCH bi a c re s of heovtlv wooded, sce nic o n d s e c lu d e d 
H ill 
C o u n t r y 
Property, 15 m ile s N orth of Loo p 
4to. p art of a la rg e ran c h . P in o n c m q a v a ila b le 
In q u ir e now . 
L a rry M acu ne , G ale R e a l E state, 
494 5239, or 344-57*1 nits*._________ 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
33 to 3oo a c re s, c o u n ty g r a d e d r o a d s , g o o d b u n t in g , p e r f e c t retirem ent retreats. C all today! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
D I M M I T C O U N T Y , O u t sk ir t s of 
C a rric o S p r in g s , w in te r g a r d e n area, 5oo a cre potential d eve lo p ­ ment property. C O O K E R E A L T Y 
9232712 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A ! TY 
B u y voui land fro m tho n ative s 
P I P E C R E E K , T X *95-848o 

" E n d of the r o a d " s e c t u s io n . 
M o un tains, w ide valle y, p e r m a n ­ ent creek, south of K e rrv ille , 5*o acres, only s395 per acre, te rm s 
R a nch M a rk e t (512) 824-o)56 
P o r Sa le : A p p ro x . 7oo a c r e s '* m ile fro m P le a s a n t o n . O r w ill divide in 2 tracts of 425 28o a cre s, 
B v O w n e r, te rm s, b u y e r s o n ly, 
Hom e; 
512-277-3487 o r 
Office; 
512-277-5151. 

RANCH BARGAINS 

3,2oo acres Presidio County, $29 acre. Probably the cheapest lone) left anywhere law down, eosy terms. 

2,5oo to 15,ooo acre ranches on 
Amistod lake. 
Good 
Deer, lovelino, fishing, combination livestock country, 
Terrific ap predation potential, inflation hedge $15o due, good terms, might trode. 

64o acres on running stream, deer, close to pavement, $125 acre Eosy owner finance. 
Stanley C. Stabling 

P H ( 9 1 5 ) 9 4 9 - 3 9 1 o o r 

9 4 9 - 5 8 5 o 

2673 Harvard Avenin 

Son Angelo, Texas 769o1 

17,ooo SOFT. 
M u lti p u rp o se b u ild in g S a n P e d r o o o p o s it e T h o u s a n d O a k s . 
Priced la sell, ow n er c a rry . C all 
W B Kietter 341 9191 

?52 SEIL CR EXCHANGE 

, 
' " '"Wa V E c a s h b u y e r s ' 1 111 
[ o ld e r h o m e s , a p t s n e e d in g 
I re p a irs. J o h n B. E c c e ll, B r a k e r 
1*o8 G un ter B ld g 22* 7o31 874-8o23 

1254 - M A I E8TATC WAWTtB 

: f ^ c T ’w T o d e T t o T ^ e o s c u r a b i ? 
I priced in O ak H a v e n 735 1271 

 j/fm 
R E N T A L S 
" J C 
T 
) 

APAR IME; 
4o4 APARmatTimtFBMI 

N a y lo r R e alty In c rn real estate loans 

EJ, MILITARY OR. i s A c re s stra te g ic a lly lo cated of intersection of S W. M ilit a r y Or, a n d M e d in a B a s e R d 
N e a r 
S e c u rity S e r v ic e H e a d q u a r t e r s entrance to L a c k la n d A F B . Zo ne d 
B-3 O w ner will C o rry F o r details and view ing, ca ll 
342-411$ 
A N Y T IM E 

M A K E « 6 
L O A N S 8 *. F i r s t liens M a x 8 y r s B u y note* le ss than 8 % w ith discount. 
A V R o d rigu e z B ro k e r 222 o98o 

3o2 • MOBILE HOMES RENT 

N E A R " T m 
L A N O ™ * E L L Y ' 
C O U P L E O N L Y , 2 br, fu rn ish e d 
A ir, carpet, t-mced yard, 623-2*46. 
WORLD WISE REALTY 
4o1 APARTMENTS FIIR1M 

 s 
W A R E H O U S E 14 F T C E I L I N G i j 
59o6 sq.ft., offices in front 
Lots of ya rd space, coned J 
G ood term s, best location 
| 
I 73* 1766 
828 o665 
333-11*3! 
1 
W A T S O N 8, SO N R E A L T O R S j 
I 6o x7o Steel B ld g on V iA c 
8 ft j 
! s e c u r it y fe n c e . P a r t s r o o m , 2 1 offices, 
532-4151. shop. 
$65,ooo firm . 

RETIRING? 
R E T I R E D ? 
T I R E D ? 
$o A C R E S . I 1 j mi. w est of B la n c o 
Tx. on p a v e d ro a d P ic tu re sq u e d w e llin g on slo p in g h illsid e w ith b e a u t if u l v ie w o v e r l o o k i n g n ea rb y B la nco R iv e r V a lle y a n d su rro u n d in g bdls 4 bed room . P i oath, liv in g room , g c m e ro o m with la r g e fir e p la c e a n d p o o l ta b le . 
Com pletely furnished . Sm a ll fruit tree s in y a r d that is co m p le te ly enclosed with w hite picket fence. 
G a rd e n t i fenced deer-proof. N e w b arn a nd c o rra l suitable for h o rse stable, etc. 125 y o u n g pecan tree s a n d a fe w n a t iv e p e c a n t re e s, ru n n in g creek with dam . 2 other p o n d s, a lso P a s t u r e is d iv id e d into 4 se ction s with w ater in eoch, a n d oil h a v e n ew fe n c in g 
C ity 
W ater is available, h ow eve r there is 4oo’ c ase d well with J H P sub m ergeable pum p, p ro d u ce s about 
75 ga llon s per m in. V E R Y B E S T 
D O V E H U N T IN G A N Y W H E R E ! id e a l b u v fo r 2 f a m ilie s . 1 5 % down, b alan ce in IO. 15, 2o y e a rs at Vt"*- Total *79,5oo. O w n e r will f in a n c e fo r q u a lif ie d b u y e r s . 
C harlie M o elle r (512) 345 73oo or 
836-8656___________________________ 

43o rolling a cres. C oastal, tan ks, ru ra l w ater, utilities. B u y all or port J525-S575 per acre. 
SIG 

YOUR RESTAURANT 
Lan d , 3 b u ild in gs, b u s in e ss a n d equipm ent, located n e a r b u sy Sa n 
P e d r o 
S e ll fo r * 5 o .coo. j i m 
W a gn e r 344-2341, 828 246o 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

238 - COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

£ 2 4 1 1 1 apartments leasing Daily 9-6; Sunday 
1-6 
1 Bedroom $ 15o 
2 B ed ro o m $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
III 
Utilities 
Paid large playgrounds, 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board, lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pooh. 
Near Brooks A f B. State Hospital, 
Pecan Valley Gob Course. 
Truly the best rental value in town. 
2715 lasses 
333-5339 

T I M E ’ S A ’ W 
A S T I N ’ ! 

 i f b f k 

V i l l a g e ; 
I p e r i m e n tx 
V a 

J a* tt ite m s in these sp a c io u s g a rd e n a p a rtm e n ts m o n I la s t lo n g be cause d e m a n d is fo r ; 

4'° J* no 

*7 I rah. a*a u 

7 
* etStNHAUCff 

 f 
« 
♦ p a ** 
VIUAGf 

\k I N D O O R P U R K SI V IJ . 

 v i n r m : \ s t > ( » m o i > 
H R M S H F J I4 IR 
I N U U M S H P I) 
P U D I T I U T I 
PR IV VTI. P A T IO - 
P O O L S * P V R T Y R O O N 

♦ 8 3 o H a s B o h D r i v e 
6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

4o4 APARTMEIITSMRN 

N O W LEASING 

NORTM SIDi OFFICES, 
WAREHOUSE, 
A N D INDUSTRIAL SPACE. 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

6 9 o -o 3 o o 

G R E A T 
A 
M 
E R 
I C 
A 

C 
O 
M 
P A 
N 
I A 

3 '? A C R E S . R E A S O N A B L E ! 
Ideal tor m any uses, close in, St48 
B lanco Rd 227-7857 

S 
O u m 
^ v n j a 

■ V A W A IT T M C X T S 
* 

• Mixed Dunk dub loriiitie* 

• Gym and free (lerrtse 
(losses 

• Beauty Shop 
• Souno, Whirlpool 
• Ie nun Court* 3 pools , 
• Hest free tTffigerotoet 
• IO Minute* to 
Downtown 

4o32 f. Southcross 
337-5242 

| F r e d e r ic k s b u r g , 56 A c r e s, both s id e s of P e d e r n a le s R iv e r , IOO j Y e a r o ld r o c k , lo g a n d f r a m e i h o u s e , w e ll, b a r n s . S9 o .o 6 o . 
I 713-526 84o1 o r 713 461 8421. 

57 AC DRIFTWOOD 
F M I SO, b ig trees, o w n er c a rry 
828-o*6 J 
736-1766 
734 4117 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
8o a c r e h o r s e fa rm , m o n y im ­ p rovem ents. 5o m ile s to Sa n An- 
: tonio. L o n d o n M a rtin -194-6992 
42 a cre live oak hills. J o in s h uge ranch, deer-turkev. $395 p e r a cre. 
Libero! term s. I 896-244o 
5o A C R E S 
2 b e d r o o m h o m e , b orn , p u b lic w a ter, fe n c e d a n d c ro ss fenced, b la ck top road, lu st l ost of B e x a r C o 462,5oo. 
G E O R G E S M IT H R L T Y 924 5174 
4oo ACRES 
B v O w n e r, SO S E . id e a l h o r s e , p u re b re d o r h a y o p e ra tio n . A ll lim p ro v e d g r a s s w ith sc a tte re d lo o k t r e e s . 
E x c e ll e n t im - tp r o v e m e n ts in c lu d e ir r ig a t io n welt. b a r n s , p e n s, sh o p , s m a ll house. G o o d m in e r a l p o te n tia l 
P r ic e d b e low m a rk e t fo r q u ic k sale. 828-7218 
14o o c re s h un tin g country. S129.So p er acre. 5 % dow n p aym ent. 7 > *% s im p le in t e r e s t w it h 26 y e a r term s. O w n e r fin a n c e d . C a ll tor appointm ent 734-9598 

2o a c r e * h u n t in g c o u n try . $495 dow n paym ent, $77.22 p er mo. O n fence tine of la re g e ranch. N e v e r h unted O w n e r fin a n c e d . C a ll to see 734-7964 
37 ACRES IH 37 
O ld e r hom e. 
B o r d e r s 
M e d in a 
R iv e r 
344-62*8 
341-6655 
*84 5768 
CONNALLY 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C ,____ 
• 1*3 A C R E S • 
IOO in field, 2 'y a c re lake, * m ile s cast of Sa n Antonio, w ater, elec­ tricity. a n d phone available. S8So p e r a c r e , w ilt d iv id e 
C r o s s fenced, ow ner. 492-1549, 924-5174 

IO a c re s irriga te d fa rm (and. S75o d ow n p ay m e n t. $114.99 p e r m o 
G ood w ell fu rn ish e d . N e a r h ig h ­ w ay. O w n e r w ill finance. C o li lo see 734-79*4___________ 
25 A C R E S K E R R V I L L E . R o llin g h ills, h u g e tim b e r. S c e n ic w e t w eather creek, sp rin g . 896-244o, 
257 7823, 896-1o18. 
IOO A C R E S , la rg e tan k, I ro o m house, w a le r well. O n blacktop. 
SO A C R E S , a ll k lin e g r a s s o n d coastal, good w ater, pens, e x ce l­ lent fences on blacktop. O w e r financed. 
18 A C R E S , co a stal, new fences, tan k, 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b oth , 2 -c a r g a ra g e C en tral air-heat. 
29 A C R E S , flat land, on H w y IS I 
South Will go T e x a s Vet o r ? 
Dick Young Real Estate 

HIGHLY IMPROVED 
99 a c re * sce nic stock ra n c h n eo r 
! Se g u in a n d IH tO - A ll im p r o v e d 
1 g r o s s e s - g o o d w e ll, 
4 
, fo n k s-E x c e lle n t la r g e b a r n feed sh e d , w o r k s h o p , o u t b u ild in g bldgs. Fe n ce *. M o d e rn 3-2 2 ran c h h om e M o re v a lu e s. J u s t St,5oo per acre. 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379-5947 
S E G U IN , T E X . 
5o1 6. K in g sb u r y P.O. B ox 1122 

Hill Country Ranch 
N e a r J u n c t io n - 9 7 o A c r e s 
2 w e lls w it h c o n c r e t e s t o c k t a n k s . G o o d b a r n s , c o r r a l s , f e n c e s . L o t s o f g a m e . M i l e o f p a v e d r o a d f r o n t a g e . L i k e n e w b r ic k 3 b r , 2 b a t h , f ir e ­ p la c e . 
$ 3 2 5 
P E R 
A C R E . 
T E R M S . 
P h i li p D . W a r d ti A s s o c 
H o u s t o n ( 7 1 3 ) 6 2 6-3o 71 

Si-iterdale lo L u c h e n b n ch 
1326 a c r e H ill C o u n t r y R a n c h c o v e rs e n tire va lle y. N u m e r o u s s p r in g s a nd c re e k s. D e v e lo p e d into one of the fin e st a n d m o st scenic ra n c h e s of its kind. Ratted is In im m aculate condition a nd the hunting is trem endous. A ppt only 
Refere nces required. J im T a ylo r 
824-4898 
Sm ith so n s V a lle y area, m o d e rn 4 y r old. a p p ro x . 2Soo sq.ft. 3 be d ro o m 2 z b a th s, S w is s C h a le t hom e, com p le tely carpeted, c e n ­ tral air-heat, 5 a nd two-fenth acre, w ell, in te rc o m , b u ta n e $95,ooo 
Q ualified b u y e r only. 494-7184. 
S O U T H O F D e 'H A N I S 
226 a c re ranch, 5o a c re field, b est of deer, turkey, a n d a m al hunting, end of the road. G ood te rm * a n d m inerals. 

F R IO C O U N T Y 
73o a c r e c o m b in a tio n f o rm a n d ran c h . H w y fro n ta g e . E x c e lle n t m in e r a ls in h ot m in e r a l a r e a 
O t h e r l i s t i n g s a v a i la b l e 
E J 
" H a p p y " S c h a w e R e a l E st a t e , 
2o34 
E . 
M a in , 
U v a ld e , 
T x , 
512-278-697o, m tes 278-31 16 
STOCKDALE 
: 12o A c r e * 3 2' i, fa ir ra n c h house. 
! B arn, C o rra ls, good well. So m e 35 
; a c re s in field. $9o,ooo for sale and financed b y ow ner. 
69S-32oS; 
695 89o$. 

H ill c o u n t r y -K e r r v ille o re o . 25o acres. P o rtly g a m e proof fenced. 
W o u ld m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o t ic ga m e ranch. W ill stock a u d m a n aqe for you. E x c e lle n t w hite tail d e e r h u n tin g. $175,ooo. W ill fin ­ ance I 866-3471 

H IL L 
N E A R 
C O U N T R Y 
K E R R V I L L E 
4 bedroom , 2 bath, lodge, ten nis c o u r t, O n 25 a c r e * o r m o r e . 
$1oo,ooo. 1-866-3471 

H O U R 
N O R T H 
O F 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
94o a c r e s , liv e c re e k , ra n c h or su b d iv id e . 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
923 2712 
H U N T IN G R A N C H 
119 a c re s on H w y 16 at K e r r -B a n d e ra C o u n ty tine. h a c k * u p to 
1o,ooo a c r e r a n c h 
P le n t y af gom e. 2 sm a ll s p r in g fed ta k e s stocked with b a ss a n d cattish 
C o m fo rta b le c a b in , f u rn is h e d , sleeps 6 
J A C K J A C K S O N R E A L E S T A T E 
695-9195 o r 1-589-2837 
95 6 irriga te d acres, 4 m i south of 
41o on M e d in a R iv e r. 922-9796 
IRRIGATION FARM 
121 A c r e s B e lg ia n G a rd e n , n ew fence, tiow m g irrig. well. O n Leon 
C r e e k . C o n s id e r s o m e t ra d e . 
M ig h t sell part. F o r sale o nd fin­ anced b v o w n e r 
695-89o5; 
695 32o5. 
KENDALL COUNTY 
21o a cre ran c h n e a r K en d a lia . Tx. 
C le a r r u n n in g C y p r e s * lin e stre a m , n a tiv e p e c a n , fe n c e d , b arn, w indm ill, goat shed. deer, turkey, fish, 9 a c re fenced field, beautiful b ld g site. O ne of the few 
P ic tu re -B o o k " sm a ll fa rm s left. 
Low dow n, o w n er fin ancin g, p o s­ sible option re m a in in g 2oo a cres. 
T M . E d w a r d s 695*3511, 681-1876. 
Bob Cage, 695-8174 

S T O C K R A N C H 
C lo se bv in M e d in a Co 8oo a cre s. 
Total, 263 a c r e s in c u ltiv a t io n . 
G ood w afer, hunting, m in e ra l 
Can R ile y Flyn n . 
N ile s 698 2842 
SSoo a c re 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6395 
Guy (Shipman Co 

S.W.T. FARM ANO RANCH 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
T h e r e o r e n u m e ro u s ra n c h e s of 64o a c r e s o r la rg e r in L A S A L L E A N D W E B B 
C O U N T Y that we think a re good in v e stm e n ts. F o r sp e c ific in fo r­ m ation, call o r w rite 
L E E R. P E T E R S 
I 879-2759 
P O B O X 563, Cotulla, Tx. 78o14 

A L A M O H O T S 
6ooo ft r e s t a u r a n t s p a c e , o il equipm ent tor kitchen, a ir conditioned. 
A L A M O H O T S C E N T E R 
<22-9851 

QUAIL CREEK VILLAGE 

* 1 8 o U P 

2 5 2 6 N E L O O P 4 1 o 

Exit a t Starcre st 

6 5 5 - 3 9 2 1 

 v 

I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

*2o5.1o*225. 

Ten Hoar plum ta choose horn for exquisite adult living. AN buts paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar I 
Que grifts, k emoters, fir* places cmd beamed ceilings. 

Near North Star Melt 

1o362 SAHARA DR. 
349-2617 

W H N K l R S B 
FURNISHED 
B r a i s e 

J l S t o g e '^ I v i n g r o e m ^ e d r o o m com bination. K itch e n a n d d in in g area. W oodlaw n H ills oreo. near 
41o. I O R 2 p e r s o n s 
N o pets. 
W ater od. $12o. »75. Pep. «35-1584. 
I E . M Y R T L E , I B e d ro o m , n e a r 
SA C , Trinity. 735-7136,_____________ i H o rla n d a ie . 2 b d r m on I a c r e 
I B ills od. SIDO C all now ! 
United. 735-9121, fee (275-2) 

I J u st Starting o u t’ I b d rm g a ra g e apt with fenced yard. $8o i 
United, 735-9121, fee (283 3) 
M o v e r ig h t in i 2 b d r m h o u se , carpeted, fenced tor 
K id d ie s, 
SI75. 
United, 735-9121, fee (279-2) 
'N e e d fu rn ish e d h o u se ? 3 b d rm # 
: carpet, cent a ir g a ra ge . N E C all 
United. 735-9121, fee < 2 9 H ) 
N ic e B ou se tra ile r turn. carp o rt, patio, fenced yard, $85. 923-186o 

N if t y m o b ile h o m e h a s 
: w a sh e r-d rye r a n d fenced for all. 
! $165 
United, 735-9121, fee (29S-2) 
R a nd o lp h A F B , I b drm , a ir, c a r ­ pet, carport, ST 25. B ills pd. 
United, 735 9121, fee (275-t) 
S E I b d rm h a s g a ra ge , fenced tor 
Kids-pets. $1oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (27&-1) 
St. M a r y s . 
I b d r m " T o l l a g e , fenced, K id s-p efs O K . M o st bills pd. 
United, 735 9121, tee (277 1) 

PREMIUM RENTALS 
WUST CAU RIGHT AWAY!! 
Meadow v'c ge 
3-2-1 range lackland ty* 
3-l-cp canoe 
Westwood 
3-1-cp range, refcq. 
Adams Hill 
4-2-1 range 

 lock fond City 3-1-cp range, rtfrig 
♦OPTION TO BUY 

6 7 5 -2 8 5 o 

BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RIAlTOtS— AUS 

S. West O ft 

14o1-APARTMENT8-FUBN 

M O T E L e ffic ie n c y o b a r tm e n f s a n d r o o m s . B y d a y , w e e k o r m o n t h 
D I 2- 911 2, 
P E 4 - 6 7 6 7 , 
L 6 2 - o I5 2 , C A 7 -4 7 o 2 , N e a r Ft. 
Sam . TA2-1377. 

AUDITS ONLY 226-3547 
Efficiency S75, I B e d ro o m SSS. 318 
M adison. K in g W illia m A rea. 

All or half, ( ' th of 2o,ooo sa. ft w ase. w h se r a ilr o a d s id in g 
12 double o v e r head d oors, on either sid e fo r c ro s s d ock, C a p a b ility . 
Office space a vaila b le with tease of w arehouse. C all 226-S28I for appointm ent. 
A N E X C E L L E N T L O C A T IO N 
2327 V an ce J a c k so n Rd. A v a ila b le soon. Sp ace tor b ea uty shop, flo r­ ist o r other. 1,ooo sq.ft. $275 m o. 
735-o961, 696-7777. 
A N T IQ U E , F U R N I T U R E 
O R S T O R A G E ii.oo o sa ft at 9c sa. ft 4 offices, plenty p arkin g. 
J a c k 
A lte r 
342-4151. 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
ANO OFFICE SPACE 
A ll six e s to m e et a n y need. A ll a re a s of S A. E rn e st so b le C o m ­ m e rcia l Prop. 349-3639 

ADULTS SOUTHSIDE 
6 L o c a tio n s c o n ven ie n t to D o w n ­ town, M c C r e te ss , B r o o k s A F B . 
E ffic ie n c ie s; I a n d 2 B e d ro o m . 
F ro m SI25 mo. S S I 948o, 533-o511, 
533 13oo 
A ir co n d itio n e d apt, n e o r S A C , large 2 b ed roo m , well fu rn ish ed , adults, no pets. 733-o514 

A L A M O H E IG H T S 
1-B ed room , g a r a g e , w a te r p aid, adults, 5)35. 137 T e rre ll Rd. Apt. I. 
826-2644. 

APTS. F U R N I S H E D 
SI 45. 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S R D . 
H I D D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-3311 
C o m m e rcia l b u d d in g a nd house, 
32oo sa ft, near a irp o rt a n d L o o p 
41o. Su b lease. C all 349-3689 
APTS. F U R N I S H E D 

C orn e r b u sin e ss for rent, 1923 W. 
Com m erce. 227 2832, 735 $63o 
SI 45. 

N e a r Ft. Sa m . I B e d ro o m A p t 
1314 E. G ra yso n . N o child ren, no 
Pl Is_________________________________ 
N e a r Ft. Sam , nice clean 3 room s, rem odeled, a ir conditioned, n e a r tins Stan Poole. 695-3721, 494-S22I. 
N e a r"L iv e Oak, 2 turn. efficiencies 
B ills od 657 3o33.__________________ 
N e a r M cC re le ss, I bedroom , b ills od. am, couple. $125. 532-1188. 
N e a r S A C a te a , I b e d r o o m in q uiet 4-plex, m r, c a rp e ts 
G o o d stove and refrig. $1oo w ater pd, 
733-894o. 
N E B IL L S P A ID $17o I B e d ro o m carpet, air, carport, livin g kitchen, la u n d ry ro om 494 3163 

N ic e ta rg e 2 ro o m Apt. P r iv a t e b ath , d o w n s t a ir s ; p a r k in g . $25 j wk. A lso sa m e u pstairs. $22.5o w k. 1 
A lso I ro o m effic. $17 wk. Bitts pd. j 
A c r o s s fr o m H a n d y A n d y o n d 
Y M C A . 2o7 Lexington. 226-686o 
N O L E A S E R E Q U I R E D 
N e o r Ft. S a m a nd dow ntow n. Ef- fic. Apts. B ills Paid, $89 p e r m o. 
227 47o2. 1954 E. Houston. 

 pfl|8ole<*ior 

W e’fl find yours, free* 

O M N 7 O ATS A W M K 
OFFICES THROUGHOUT TEXAS 

3121 H W. L O O P 41o 
349-1737 

DIRT CT C O R R fS P O M D E X C f TO | 
4123 M CWTR AL EXPWY. 
DALLAS, TEX. 7S2o4 

AVAILABLE 

Choice 
Selection 
Beautiful 
Apartments 
LA 
ARBOLEDA 

21*7 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Starcrest 

I 655-91o1 ^ 

4o8-HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

 m S m 

CHOICE RENTALS 

583o Castle Brook 3 - 2 ....... $245 

12521 Sandpiper 3 - 2 ............$3oo 

831o Iou Gehrig 3 -2........... $35o 
4846 Castle Stream 4-2 .... $225 

4826 Castle Poth 3 - 1 ..........$185 

C a l l 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 

8 1 o 7 B r o a d w a y 

A A A A A A A A A A A A W 
W H Y 
R E N T ? o w n a hom e, i f s e a s y ! 
$1oo-$3oo dow n, no credit h assle, ju ly 1st pymt. i 696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 
A A A A A A A A A W ... Still re n tin g? 
O w n yo u r ow n hom e. So m e only 
S1oo d o w n r N o C re d it? N o p ro b ­ lem ! 922-2173, 675-9294, 673-4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

• s e e e e e e l 

N o rth C e n tra l L o c a tio n , E lm ir a and M c C u llo u g h a nd 1H35. N e w ly decorated. N e o r bus- a d u lts only. 
No pets. U n fu rn ish e d I bed room . 
W a te r pd. $125. w ith dep. 6 M o . 
L e a s e . 226 53o1 a f t e r 6 a n d w eekends, 696-o73o. 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A t t r a c t iv e l- b e d r c o m , d i s h ­ w a sh e r, shag, pool. B id i pd S K S ond up. $25. Den. IO M in. Ft, Sa m . 
321o E I S E N H A U E R o il H a r r y 
W u rzb ach . 822-9195. 

F O R L E A S E 
15oo sa.ft m e d ia n ic a l s h o p o r w a r e h o u s e w it h p a r k in g a n d fe n c e d y a r d in M 
Zone $35o mo. p lu s utilities. C a n ­ ion H agelsietn j r 223-6331. 

G O O D S T O R E S P A C E 
A L A M O H O T S. 17oo ft. D r e s s or gift shop 
F R E D H O E Y . C O 
822-3421 

R IT T IM A N R D . A T IH35 
T H E F A I R D A L E 
66oo F A I R D A L E 
656-1oo1 

NW - O F F F re d e ric k s b u rg 
N ice I b e d ro o m D u p le x. C arp e t, air, w ater pd. 
Adults. 
$12o. 
874-8369 

L a k e L B J . 75 x268' w a terfro nt on 
C olo ra d o, deep w ater, r e ta in in g wall, dock. Zoned m o b ile hom e. 
$7o,ooo. 494 28o9 eves. 

NORTHSiDE 
N e a r Sa n F ra n c isc o Steak H ouse. 
O f f t c e - W a r e h o u s e s p a c e . C a ll 
S a n d y 
69o-98o2. w e e k e n d s 
342-2934. 

IO lo 2o a cre s, not in a su b -d iv i­ sion, trees, In E C e n tra l Sc h o o l 
District. O w n e r fin a n c in g a v a ila ­ ble. 227-1333 

B e a n ie O w e n s 
R e a lto rs-F a rm A R a n c h 
T O B U Y o r S E L L C A L L 
69o-8563 
L Y N D O N B R O W N & A S S O C S 

U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
145 a cres-cre ek-d e nse w o o ds 
J K L E IG H T O N . R E A L T O R S 
Vanderoool, 78885 
512-966-34oo 

K a r n e s i 
I 78o-26oo 
.•tv, T e xas 
78o-2397 

IOO A C R E S 
15 m ile s W e st of D ille y . S o m e m inerals, good hunting. O w n e r financed 
156 A C R E S in N o r t h w e st L a S a lle C o u n ty . 
G ood hunting. O w ne r financed 
L O M A V IS T A P R O P E R T I E S 
P O. B O X 29o 
D I L L E Y , T E X ., 78o17 
517 965-7512________________965-76o7 

5 A C R E S n e a r B la n c o , S5995, liberal fin a n c in g b y ow n er 
534 8876 
471 A C R E S N E A R D I L L E Y 
W a te r , p a v e d r o o d s . T e r m s . 
C O O K E R E A L T Y 923-2712 

22o A c re s of b ru sh in F rio County. 
D e e r and iavebno. S5So p er acre. 
334-2455 

15 A C R E S Se g u m , 4o ml., 2 im . 
• HIO. P e c a n tre e s,h o u se , m o re . 
Ideal retirem ent 822-131o________ 

IO A C R E S -W e s l of 16o4. E xce llen t so il 
15 yr. o w n e r fin a n c e . C a ll 
349-2611, eve. 341-1855_____________ 
57 A C R E S 
W ill sell all o r halt 
M o d e st 3 b e d ro o m , w a te r w e ll 
T e r m s b y o w n e r , 
7 3 3 *7 1 4 1 , 
344-1633, 73S-SS5o. 
UM. FURR CO 

2ooo A c. S a n d y Soil, b e s! a n o il c o u n t ry in T e x a s ! A ls o lo a d e d with trophy deer! $27$-Ac. T e rm s. 
P io n e e r in v e s t m e n t s , 
713 783-729o. Ew es, 713-4*5-o954. 
3.677 + ac 
U v a ld e Co O n U S. 
H w y 83. Lots of good b la ck land, tented and 4 p a stu re s A h u n te rs p a ra d ise All m in. o nly $344 ac. 
$7o,ooo down, 3o y r s on balance. 
L .B N O R R O D R L T Y 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I, T E X A S 
____________512-853-8241____________ 

BLANGO COUNTY i t 1, a c. h illt o p m ile s of v ie w , equity and a ssu m p tio n $15,ooo. 
ATASCOSA COUNTY 
SOO ac., ir r ig well, p e a n u t allot, coastal, creek, rd front $75o. 

KERRVILLE ABEA 
5 25 a c re s 8 m ile s south of K e r r ­ ville, G ood Tree s, b u ild in g sites, electricity a vaila ble, all w e ath er road, m obiles allow ed Not rough. 
B y o w n e r. $ 1 oo d o w n , $7 3.98 m onthly D a y s call 1-512-896-252$. 
N ights call 
1-512-257-641 1 or 
1-512-257-3oo1. 

W A T E R W A T E R W A T E R 
7oo a cres, h ig h ly im p ro v e d with fr o n t a g e o n th e L it t le B la n c o 
River, J sp rin g ted c re eks, 5 ta n k * p lus deep w ell a n d p re ssu re s y s ­ te m s. B ig c y p r e s s a n d p e c a n tre e s d e e r, t u r k e y , d o v e s a n d quail in abundance. *895 pet a cre with ge n e ro u s o w n er financing. 
B. F, D A V ID S O N R E A L T O R 
512-392-8156 A N Y T IM E 

W E C A N S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H F A R M O R H O M E 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U S T O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
B oerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 or 249-3314_______________ _ 

W hat type R a n c h do you w a n t? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 224-5184 
Rf. 3 Box 221, Sa n Antonio, 78218 

234-FARMS FOR RENT 

38 A C R E S , p a s t u r e a n d Io n a . 
Ta nk and la rge barn. *48-33o2, 
542-15o8 

236 -COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SALE 

K E R R V I L L E R O C K S P R I N G S 
A R E A , 3,5oo a c re s, a ll o r p a rt; m in e r a ls . im p r o v e m e n t s . 
5 bedroom house, $25o.oo a cre ; terms. 
A N D R E R S O N F IT Z G E R A L D - G IA 
INC. 4545 P ost O ak P la ce D rive, 
Houston, Tx. 77o27 624-34oo. 
M E D IN A C O U N T Y , 129 A cre s, 45 farm b a la n ce 'p asture, deer, su b ­ stantial dow n p aym ent, ow n er will fin a n c e . C o n ta c t E lo is e P e te r, 
349-5151 694-o453. 

I M i. R i v e r f r o n t , 293 A C , o n 
N u e c e s R iv e r. 9o m i fro m Sa n 
A n to n io . T r e e s, D e e r, T u r k e y , 
Term *, t-512-345-4719. 

2o ac. 3 m ile s post Loo p 41o, H w y 
87 E a s t in C h in a G ro ve . 17oo ft, ro ad a n d hwy. frontage. Retail, w arehouse, or light m fg. $4ooo per acre. 448 3321 
I ' } a c r e m o in t h o r o u g h fa r e a t railro ad N e a r new shop center. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
9 A C R E S - 157o5 O 'd o n n e r R«J'. 
G re a t a p a rtm e n t site, n e a r new 
H igh 
School. 
Holly 
G ro sso , 
824-5161 

A p p r o x 17 a c r e s n e a r 41o a n d 
IH IO, industrial, u nd e r 23c sa. ti., also 17 a c re s o diacent u nd e r 4oc. 
734-5434 C P K O S U B 342-o343 

N E A R B A N D E R A - 
45 a c re s Hill C ou n try. S p rin g led c re e k . 
H w y f r o n t a g e . 
O a k ' subiect covered, view s. 
J im 
T a y lo r 
----------- 
824-4898 

A U S T IN H W Y 
34o' on A u stin H w y 
18,ooo sqft. 
I total. N o w r e s id e n t ia l— w ill se ll to rezoning. 
$52,5oo. 
*55-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 
N E A R R O T H 
15o a cre s p lus good house, coastal and pasture, public w ater, 2 stock ponds A Steal at $55o per acre. 
*22-33*3. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 

N ew B ra u n fe ls H o m e s-A cre o g e 
Scheei & A sso c. R e alty 
395 Land a, N e w B ra u n fe ls 
*25-8o78 o r 5 A. *58-1477 
: O ve r 13,ooo a c re s G oo d house, 4 
, w ells, lots of a u m e . O w n e r fin ­ a n c e d 
P r i n c i p a l s o n ly 
S a m 
C am pbell 
512-344-4529, 
, 512-456-7667 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

O W N E R F IN A N C E D C astro ville 
Area, 5oo-3oo A cre s, 75 cultivated. : 
J 2 good houses, E d w a r d s well, e x­ c e lle n t hunting, 5 tanks. 1-426-3578 1 
1-426-3441. 

O W N E R or V etera n F in a n c in g ' * j to 5o A c r e s n e o r P le a s a n to n o r 
P a te sv ille . U tilitie s a n d p a v e d 
'ro o d . T E X M A C R E A L T Y , S.A . 
I 224-oo8), or I 569-3382 anytim e. 

49 PLUS ACRES i iH 37s O ld h o u se , b a r n s, w ell, 
2ooo ft. on IH-37. T e rm s open 
344-4268 
341-6455 
684-5748 

• AUTO SALES • 
E s t a b li s h e d b u s in e s s , la r g e volum e p ro d u d e r . L u n d a n d all b u ild in g s in c lu d e s B a n d e r a Rd. 
H e a vy traffic count. 344-3471 M r. 
Ortiz 341-19o1. 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

BY OWNER, 4,1 ACRES 
Z O N E D B l, 73oo B ia n c o Rd. 
455-21o3 or 342-7o93 
C h o ic e C h u r c h P r o p e rt y , N W. 
B rick construction. 
733-7141, 
735 555o. 
C.M. FURR CO 

Commercial investment 
Leased-triple net. G ood N o rth sid e location. 
Colt 
W.B. 
K istle r 
341-9191 taylor Really Inc 

C orner, h e a v y traffic. H o u se for con version o r good b u sin e ss site. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

FRIO COUNTY 

C orn e r V ern e and B urton, 1 block east of C om m e rcia l I block of SW 
M ilita ry 
Dr. 
*15,ooo. 
924-8114, 
333-3429 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

192 ae.. field, brush, shed-, gam e, well, birds, te rm s $55o, 
73* ac , fa rm lan d , w indm ill, b orn , pen, h igh w a y SS5o. 

MEDINA COUNTY 
75 ac., creek, tank, field, b ru sh , plenty deer, b ird s $8oo 
18oo ae , irria tio n syste m , c r o s s fenced, tank, oil incom eiouO 
196 ac., H ig h w a y , w e ll, t a n k , m ostly held, good land, te rm s 
5*15. 
O T H E R S A V A I L A B L E 
P E T E H A R D T , B R O K E R 
4*3 2*22 
D E V IN E , T X , 
T E R A M E M B E R ________ 

S U Y e q u i t y , a ssu m e loan. IOO c e r e s , A t a s c o s a C o. H u n t in g cabin, deer, quail a nd dove and 3 good fish in g tanks, good sta b le s and pens, lots of coastal, good fences 
H U G H E S St B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o49* 

CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC. 
26oo P L U S SO. FT . 3 bed room , 2 bath. 2-story sits h igh on hill to o v e r lo o k t h is 9 * a c r e f a r m . 
Located ? m iles east of M o o re A 
! beautiful hom e a n d e n o ugh land to net a w a y fro m it all. O w n e r a nxiou s and p rice re d u ce d to sell. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 R E A L T O R S 
1-6*3-5597 

P O T E E T A R E A 
SSS A C R E S all in p a stu re , 9 o % , 
C o a s t a l B e r m u d a g r o s s , w ith 
25x5o bld g - let, m a k e offer 
2,o9o g a m i r r i g a t i o n w e lls, I 
828-o*65 
73* 1766 
534-4439 
L a rg e lake stocked with b sh and 2 ; 
W A T S O N & S O N R E A L T O R S sm alle r tanks, all can be put into p a i n t a n d B O D Y S h 5 p . 3 ca” cultivation, $8oo. p e r oe. 2 5 % d w s t a lls , O S M A - a p p r o v e d s p r a y 
IO Y r s . at 8 o 262 A c r e s , ail in p am t b oo th a n d a s e p a r a te re- 
2,n C o a st a l B e rm u d a , sidence on I a c re N e w construe- 

N S, clo se to a irp o rt O ffice w a r ­ ehouse, 1357 sa ft. A L S O Office, 
6oo sa. it. utli od. J a n ito ria l s e r ­ vice. 
A stro 
In v e stm e n t 
Co. 
344-8388 

SMAIL WAREHOUSES 
C lose lo e x p re ssw a ys, 2oc sa. ft. on 
Capitol 
A v e 
J a c k 
A lte r 
342-4151 
3,ooo sq.ft. for Retail, W a re h o u se or Office. 4o21 N a c o -P e rrin n ext to C arpet Center. Sh o w n b v appt. 
Coll 653-8741. 
8,ooo sq.ft. R E T A I L S P A C E 
W ill rent all o r part. L o n e O o k M a ll. 
N e x t lo 
H E B s t o r e . 
921 
S. 
W.W White, sh o w n b y appt. 
653-8741. 

87oo Sq u a re feet of m a so n ry fire p roo f b ld g G oo d fo r v a rie t y of uses. Zoned high. L a r g e p a rk in g a re a close to m alls. M U S T S E E ! 
V e ry re a so n a b le . 
69* 5243 
*94-5o48 

S to ra g e sp a ce to n e d MFG c e n ­ tro), lust off IH37 exit 125o sa tt, 
$4o mo. 18oo sa.1l. *8$ mo. D a y s 
228-9988 

W A R E H O U S E F O R L E A S E 
N e a r downtown, 3o M + $q. ft. R R siding, a cc e ss to freew ay. 
Reasonable 
341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
684-29o9 
L A U R E N R. B A R N E B E Y 

W A R E H O U S E . 42oo sq.ft. O lfices, 
* tt cyclone fence, n e o r 1*o4 a nd 
IM -1o N orth. *575 p e r m o. o r In ­ quire, 344-o246, n ile * 655-1843. 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo sa. it. new m a so n ry b u ild in g for sale, n e a r e x p re ssw a y , e a sy term s for strong buyer. 
9.ooo sa. ft., M a s o n r y b u ild in g (or lease, m onth to m onth o r lo n g term. 
4,5oo sa. ft. for lease. 
P E A C O C K , R E A C T O R S , 824-o5U 

• 23o5 W. Commerce • 
E X C E L L E N T F O R Y O U R O F ­ 
F IC E or R E T A IL B U S IN E S S . *75. 
C A L L 226-912*, 734-5522. 
G A L IN D O R E A L T Y CO, O w ner. 

242 - INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

IN D U S T R IA L L O T S % A c re and up, Z o n e d t -i; fu lly d e v e lo p e d . 
V I P. P a rk . E a s y term s. 433-1489. 

A s t o r ia 
1o3*3 S A H A R A 344 *191 
F U R N I S H E D U N F U R N I S H E D 
S u n s h in e 
342 E S U N S H IN E 734-4472 
• A U S T IN H W Y E F F I C I E N C I E S * 
B ills paid. 422-37wk. 824-19o8 

A u stin H w y- IH 35 N area. S85-S95. 
F u rn o r U nfurl!, t a n d 2 b e d ro o m co tta ge s C le a n , auiet, p a r k lik e area. B d ls p art pd. N o C hild re n, no pets. 826-4o51 
____ 
______ 
9oo B A S S E R D N o rth sid e 
4 room upper, adult, n o pets, b ills pad. *1oo. 82* *1 6 *. A ls o 2 ro o m b achelor off. *95. a nd S75. 
I Bedroom , turn. A ir conditioned, 
P r e s a B u s, M c C r e ie s s . B ro o k s , 
S88. 824-6536, 532 /92o. 
B ills pd. D e licre st C enter, $145. I bedroom apt. 648-3399 

145 C la re m o n t, off 32oo B r o a d ­ w ay. I b e d ro o m apt. S p a c io u s, a ir N e a r Ft. Sam , B ra c k . P k. $85. 
W ater pd. 227-7834. 

C le a n , c lo se to W o o d la w n o n d 
Blanco, bus, ideal for single, air, I bedroom , 
$$o. 
Dep. 
$9o. mo. 
827-o368. 
Coral Sa n d s, 1515 W Contour, (E . of $7oo S a n P e d r o ) , a ir , p oo l, w ater od. 2 b ed roo m s, furn. $16o. 
I Bedroom , SIO*. 826-7913. 

• D O W N T O W N P O S T O F F I C E • 
2 blks. A ir, 3 ro om s, carpet, clean, new ly decor, quiet. M a t u r e lo d v preferred. 
126 
M c C u llo u g h . 
824 7788. 

E ltic ie n c e s, a ir, b us, sh o p s $3o wk. $125 m o up. B ills pd. Section 
8 534-34o1. 434-9645 
Elticiences, turn, o r unturn. $8o. arid $9o. in older house, I c arp eted and ooneled, n e a r S A C , 342-7592. 

Efficiency, Rem odeled, M istletoe, 
Adult, $135. 732-7738, 732-1o82. 

E fficiency apt in H isto ric a l area, c lo se to T r in it y U. 53 2-52 81 o r after 6 a nd on w e ek en d s 734-2994. 
25o E. M a y fie ld , fu rn . N o pets. 
Sin gle e m p lo y e d o r re tire d p e r ­ son. N e a r S Se ars, b u se s R e fe r­ ences, Deposit. $1o$. 922-9672. 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
1235 E. MULBERRY 
825-5o81 
T he best located apt com p le x in 
San Antonio. L a rg e , beautiful I or 
2 b e d ro o m apts, b ea utiful sw im ­ m ing pool a n d c o u rt y a rd . J u st s e c o n d s f r o m d o w n to w n , n e x t d o o r to F t. S a m H o u s t o n a n d 
B r o o k A r m y M e d ic a l C e n t e r . 
Convenient to B ra c k e n rid g e G olf 
C o u rse o n d te n n is c o u rts. C o n ­ venient to all m a jo r e x p re ssw a y s: 
IH 35, IH 37, IM IO a nd the new 
N orth E x p r e s s w a y R e a s o n a b le rales, all b ills paid. 

248 OFFICE SPACE FOR LEASE 

NOW LEASING 
OFFICE WAREHOUSES 
25o SPENCER LANE 
(Wonderland Area) 
3 Different Rates: 
* 
Month To Month $25o 
Per Mo. 
* 
6 Months 5235 Per Mo. 
* 
I Year of $235 Per Mo. 
+ 13th Mo. FREE 
7 3 5 -1 6 o 9 
8 2 8 -5 5 5 1 

FONTANA APTS 
N O L E A S E R E Q U I R E D 
Y o u can p a y y o u r m o nth ly rent in t, 2 or 3 p a y m e n ts. E n j o y co lo r 
T V , rad io, pool, m a id -lin e n s e r ­ vice. A ll Sills Pd. W E E K L Y rotes 
3414 F r e d e r ic k ib u r g Rd. 736-4444 

F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 

824-6351 

F u r n 
B a c h e lo r A pt. H e at, a ir, c a r p e t - p o o l. $ 1 2o 
B i l l s p d . 
824-7814 o r 828 9o9o aft 6 P M 
$98.5o F u rn ish e d I B e d roo m Apt. 
Air, 2 B lk s K elly. C all A n y D a y O r 
Night. 7 a m. - IO p.m. 922-o634. 

ATRIUM SARDEN OFFICES 
H a n d s o m e g a r d e n o f f ic e s f o r creative m inds. Info rm al, re a so n ­ a b ly priced . C o n v e n ie n t at 1938 
N E Loop 41o. L e a sin g . 826-3251. 
H e n ry S M ille r Co. R E A L T O R S 

C O R N E R F R E D E R I C K S B U R G 
R D . A N D C A L L A G H A N , p ro p e r- tv, 2258 sa ft., im m e d ia t e <fc- cuaanev. below m arket. C ontact: 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R E A L T O R S 
3 4 M » 2 f 

$133 F u rn ish e d I B e d ro o m A cts, 
Air, C all A n y D a y o r E v e s. 7:3o 
A M. - 9 P M . 333-1851._____________ 
F U R N - U N F U R N : U t ilit ie s pd, sh a g , 2 pools, *185 U P P a in te rs 
M ill 52oo Bianco. 349-2222 

F O P S A L E O R L E A S E . 33,ooo sq.ft. b u ild in g, o n e -sto ry , zoned c o m m e r c ia l, n e a r d o w n t o w n , c lo se to fre e w a y , in c lu d e s a p ­ p ro x 
2 o c r e s of la n d . L o t s of parkin g. A v a ila b le im m e d ia te ly.- 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
696-5311___________ ________________ 

HWY 78-BUSY CORNER 

 r o t in t i ASTI ST m u t t s 
O N A W A N T A p 
TM) N U M B !B TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IX PUf SS AN O N iW S 

( I ) 2,ooo q p m ir r ig a t io n w e ll equipage) with n atura l g a s m otor. 
L a rg e lake steoked w ith fish, $8oo. per Ac. 25% DW. IO Y r s ct 8%. 
7o4 A c re s, % in b r u s h a nd 'v in pasture, 3 tanks, I irrig a tio n well 
Deer, turkey, quail and dove 56oo. aer ac 25 % D W IO Yr. at 8 % 
226-5227. after 6, 828 2o71 

— R A N C H L A N O S — 
L an d F o r A ll P u rp o se s 
. NO. 7 Flm tstone. 78213 
344-9936 

KLACt Y O U * W AN T AO 
IN THI f k P R IS S N iW S 
C A U 3 3 5-16 66 

 lio n , a m p le w ir in g area 
J C 
J A R E S 
658-5144 658-3745 

R a n d o lp h 
R E A L T Y 

2o5 S A N P E D R O - B ric k building, 
’suitable for any type of b usin e ss. 
R e d u c e d — M u s * se ll. 
O F 
S A U N D E R S 
R E A L T Y 
822-oo11, 
’ 828-5873. 

Sp e c ia l fo r Sate. 
Coll 822-772*. 
B u s in e s s Lot. 

O N A W A N T AD 
JHI N U M B ) * I O C A U 
IS 235 16 66 
EXPRESS A N D N I W S 

IN O N E O F S A N A N T O N I O S m ost lu xu rio u s sm a lle r b ud d in gs. 
Ideo! for tea room , offices, o r h igh ticket retail. T h e re is a p p ro x 16oo sp. ft. available. C all tor details. 
349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
I 
IN C , R E A L T O R S ________ _ 
IN T H I C E N T E R O F 
L E O N V A L L E Y 
Id eal location 3 o ffic e s p lu s kit- cbenete. P e rfe ct fo r in s u ra n c e , budders, attorneys, etc. A p p ro x. 
6oo sa ft. C all C h a rle s Sc h n e id e r 
664-72oo. 
M E D IC A L O F F IC E S P A C E 
W oodlaw n M e d ica l Center. 
R A N C R E S T R E A L T Y 433-6676 

I 
NORTHSIDE OFFICES 
L u x u r io u s , no te a se r e q u ir e d . 
Open doily Office 3-11 OO; $-*135; 
9-*14o; 
11 *75 
*96-833o, m tes 
. 341-2724.____________________________ 
Office sp ace tor re n t,"$7o N e a r 
H ig h la n d P a r k B a n k , 22o3 Sa 
I H a ck b e rry. 
C all 
532-4327 
M r 
Brack_______________________________ 
P rim e office space on new No'rht 
E x p r e s s w a y n e a r a ir p o r t , r e a ­ sonable rate, cove red p a rk in g, all conveniences 344-3456 w e e k d a y s 

Betail Office on Bdwy 
B ra c k e n rid g e a re a 828-2392 atter 
* 
-______________ J 
IN THC iX P S IS S . N t W S 
C A U 225 1 6 *6 

INCREDIBLE! 
S P A C IO U S R O O M S O N F A I R 
W A Y S O F 
P E C A N V A L L E Y 
G O L F 
C O U R S E . 
Pool, 
C lub included. 
1 B E D R O O M , F R O M $184. 
2 B E D R O O M , F R O M $224. 
3 B E D R O O M , F R O M $239. 
PECAN VALLEY APTS 
345o E. S O U T H C R O S S 
333-9o2o 

I O R 2 b ed ro o m m obile h om e s, furn.-unfurn. 
L o c k la n d a re a, 
423-3657, 

CAROUSEL 
APTS. 
Newly Redecorated 

I 'nder new 
Management 

1 B e d roo m $ 1 6 o 

2 B ed roo m $ 1 9 o 

G a s and W a te r P aid 

7134 Blanco 
344-4332 or 
828-7393 

 tfAKEFIFLD-STARDUSr 
APARTMENTS 

Ideally located on busline. 
I, 2, and 3 bedrooms. $18o 
... to - $35o. On Rector across from North Star Moll. 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 

944-4558 

A A A H O M E S 
S2oo T O T A L M O V E IN - W H Y 
R E N T ? W h en yo u can b uy 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m s. P a y m e n t s le s s tha n 
I rent! F irst p ay m e n t in July 
474-6124 
R8.E R e a l Estate 

A b e a u t if u l 3 b e d r o o m , ap- p h o n ie s , f e n c e d c o r n e r , i m ­ m aculate, $185. 
R O U G H R I D E R R E A L T Y 
454-7131 

I * 
• • • • • • • ii 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

1=1 
11721 Parliament 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 
P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
54o? B IE N V IL L E O R . off W etdner rd. M o d e rn I B ed room , 653-2663. 

A B IG 4 bed room , 2 oath, fenced, central heat-alr. $275 mo. C all 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
A C ho ice of 3-4 b e d ro o m h o m e s to r e n t L e a s e w ith o p tio n to b u y 
O w n y o u r hom e N O W ! $19o to $5oo mo. 
G A S 6 - B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o E v e s 696-88o5, 342-771Z 
KEY GROUP 

A-1 CHOICE RENTALS 
W e h ave the b est 3 a nd 4 b ed roo m h om e s in N E a nd N W Sa n Anton- io. All of o u r h o m e s a re le ss than I yr. old. D ra p e s, p r iv a c y fenced. 
R e frig e ra to rs, carp e tin g. $3oo to 
$45o per m onth. B efore y o u r rent - 
C a ll u s! Y o u w ill be d e lig h te d ! 
D O R S E Y CO. 733 9184 
A C T N O W ! N e w lu x u ry 2-2, N W d u p le x . H a s e v e r y t h in g . $225. 
Adults. 342-2843, 344-486/ 
A d a m s Hill, 3-2-2, c a rp e te d , ap p lia n ce s, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s, 23' m a s t e r b e d r o o m , e n t r y c o u r ­ tyard, beautiful giants. 
$36o. 
341-75o5. 

I ro om efficiency furn. b ills paid, no deposit. $8o ma. 736-4o78 b efore 
5 nm. 
3 ro o m fu rn ish e d apt, b ills paid, no deposit. *9o mo. 736-4o78 before 
5 nm 
2 ro om fu rn ish e d apt, b ills paid, no deposit. $8o mo. 736-4o78 before 
5 pm. 
R O O M M A T E n e e d e d to s h a r e opurlm ent, 344-1516. 
____ 
4 R o o m s . C lo s e to S A C . b u s . 
W a lk in g d istance to town. 
734-5833. 
S h a rin g a J b e d ro o m a p a rtm e n t at the B o a rd w a lk is e a sy on the wallet, just SH O e ach tor 3 people. 
Y o u can divide y o u r tim e a m o n g the pool, club room , a n d la u n d ry , f 
W e o re a lso close to C en tral P a r k 1 a nd W onderland. 
3536 W est A v e n u e 349-42o3 
B a r r y O H H nqw gter co 

EFFICIENCIES 

1-2-3 Bedroom Flats to 3 
Bedroom Townhouses 

3815 Parkdale f a t 
696-3499 
— 
— tfcl ............I I 

IU 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 
FROM $185 

72oo S PRESA 

5 3 2 -7 3 8 9 

B a rg a in 3 b d rm hou se on c o rn e r lot. N ee d s so m e w o rk fo r rent. 
United, 735-9121, fee (397-1) 

Beautiful 2 b d rm , carpet, aPD ls, fenced for kids-pets. $I4o 
United, 735-912L tee (316-3) 
3 b e d ro o m , I b ath d u p le x, D e ii- vie w area, n e a r V a n c e J a c k so n , w a sh e r c o n n e c tio n , sto ve, n e o r b us-schools, *16o mo. 684-8984. 
3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h h o u s e in 
Sc h e rtz . $225 m o. p lu s d e p o sit. 
658-1289 atter 4:3opm 

3 B e d r o o m , I b a t h , g a r a g e . 
D e llvie w A rea. $195. 684-336o 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
L a r g e I a nd 2 B e d ro o m s 
F R O M $14o. ( U N F U R N . $122.5o) 
116 V A N D E R H E C K 826-2369 
O F F 64oo N. N H W B R A U N F E L S 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INO. 
35o3 N O R T H P A N A M 
223-3218 
M O N F R I 9-6 

The 
C o u r t y a r d / 

I S 

2 & 3 Bedim. 
Apts. 
All Electric Kitchen*. 

Outside Storage. N S. Schools. 
4411 Gardendale 
6 9 6 -4 8 9 2 

 let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
TOW NHOUSE-APARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
8 2 8 - o 6 8 1 
FREI— Na charge to yo u 
“ The Professionals in apt. locating." 

VmIM M 

4 B E D R O O M , 15j b ath , c e n tra l heot-air, $24o mo. 656-1234 
3 B E D R O O M , I b a t h , c e n t r a l heat-air, fenced. S q u e a k y cle an . 
5235 mo. 656-1234. 
T H U N D E R B I R D H I L L S , 3-2-2, trees, c o rn e r lot, p r iv a c y fence. 
$4oo mo. C all now 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

I B E D R O O M d up lex, w ater a nd g a s paid. SU O p e r mo. C E N T U R Y 
21 Schn eid er R e a lly 684-72oo. 

EXECUTIVE HOMES 

C A S T L E H I L L S , l a r g e 9 b e ­ d room s, J bath*, fa m ily ro a m w ith re a l fir e p la c e , a ll a p p lia n t : * * , la n d s c a p e d P r e s t ig e lo c a t io n . 
M in u te s to M e d . Scho o l. L e e H i 
School, t is C O T IL L IO N ore 

O V E R L O O K G O L F C O U R S E , J*j b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h , c a r p e t in g , d ra p e s, new ra n g e , d is h w a s h e r a nd disposal, cen tra l heat a n d air. 
311 B A S IN 

L A R G E 2 -S T O R Y , 4 b ed roo m s, J baths, m a ster suite dow n, built-in kitchen 
N E Schools. 12611 
L A 
B A H IA 

C H U R C H I L L H I, P o p u la r S a p 
P ed ro Hills, 4 b ed roo m s, 2 b aths, b u ilt in k itc h e n , w o o d b u r n in g fire p la c e , b e a u tifu l tre e s. )61 9 
D E E R R U N 

F T . S A M , R A N D O L P H , 4 be­ d ro o m s, 2 b ath s, i-sto ry . fa m ily roam . 
M o v e in. 
1123o 
E L 
S E N D R O 

I N S I D E L O O P , 3 b e d r o o m , 2 baths, kitchen ap p lia n c e s, cen tro ) heat end air, N E Scho o ls. 3139 b r i a r h i l l 

M E D I C A L C E N T E R , 3 b e d r o o m s , . 
2 baths, central heat and a ir, c a r * . pet. 67o6 F O R E S T B E N D 

C O L O N IE S N O R T H , 3 b ed roo m s, 
2 baths, w alk to E le m . Scho o l o nd 
Club. C en tral heat a nd air. 3522 
T R IO L A . 

828-5533 
Guy Clyman Co j 

H E R E S T H E L O W D O W N ! J 
W h y rent w h e n you can a ssu m e p a y m ts u n d e r $2oo on th is J be­ d roo m h o m e ? 
L o w equity. 
656-1234 

J* 

RED CARPET 

H igh la nd H ills 3 b d rm for yo u andi kids, carport, fenced, pets. $»7o 
United, 735-9121, tee (279-1) 
H O U S E , N E , 4-2-2, Im m a c u la te , b eautifully decorated, 2 se p a ra te liv in g a re as, pool a n d ten nis c lu b w ithin e o sy w alk. A v a ila b le Ju n e 
Isl. I Y r. lease req u ire d, *35o. M o. 
C all Jeanm n e B arton , 655-9o82 o r 
Office, 221-4oS7 o r 221-6797.____ 
Jefferson H igh are a, 2 b ed roo m , I bath, den, fe nced y a rd , g a r a g e . 
$195 mo. p lu s deposit. 344 3759 
LAMBOS 
L ilt y o u r v a c a n c ie s w ith U N I T ­ 
E D ! N o c h a rg e ! F o r Fa st, F R E E 
R e ferra ls, C all o u r L a n d lo rd L is t ­ ing 
Lin e fro m 9-9 7 
D a y s a t 
735-9124. 
L e o n V a lle y 4-2-2, b u ilt-ln s, c a r ­ nel, cent air. L a r g e p riv yrd. 
United 735-9121, fee (297-2) 

L ik e N e w C a m e lo t ll, 3-2-2, fire- 
B ia c e d d en , c a r p e t s , a ll a p ­ p liances, fenced, *385. M o . $1oo 
Pep. 
Call collect 
B o e rn e 
1-336-2442. 
_ _ _ _ 
3-2, lo c a te d in J e ffe r so n A r e a . 
C entral heat a nd air. Im m e d ia te o ccup ancy. 
$275. 
*84-433o, 
344-62o7 
O E A N IE O W E N S R E A L T O R S 

L o v e ly D u p le x 2-1 w ith fp. in H id ­ den 
C le e k 
$29$. 
W a te r o d 
696-4624 

MARYMOWT AREA 
8516 N O R W I C H ( D U P L E X ) 
2 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 c a r g a ra g e 1, fire p la ce , c o v e re d patio, fe n c e d yard. N E Schools, N e a r N o rth e a st 
B a p tist H o sp ita l. I y e a r le a se , w a ter pd. $28o per mo. 344-o229. 
M a y 5th! 3 b d rm w ith cop is, air- h ea t, c a r p o r t , f e n c e d f o r k id s - pets. $17o 
United, 735-9121, tee (288-3) 
M o d e r n I b d r m o n c o r n e r lot, fenced, appls, air. $toQ 
United, 735-9121, fee (279-3) 
M o d e rn 3 d rm , den, b u ilt-in *, 2 ga rage , 2 lots fenced. 
,, 
United, 735 9121, fee (29o-2) 
, 

> 3 B ed roo m Dup lex. $85. C h ild re n 
I ond pets w elcom e. W a te r pd. 3o9 
! WillOW. 344-84o2 

2 B e d ro o m d u p le x , a p p lia n c e s , air, carpet, w ater pd. y a rd kept, p riv a c y Patio, SISO. 696-475o. 
3 b e d ro o m h o m e , I a c re . N e a r city. C o rp u s C h risti Rd. 735-3212 
3 B ed roo m house, S H S . F a r m Rd. 
1518. ca ll 533-8949. 

C o v e r e d w a lk -w a y fro m c a r to apt., la u n d ry a n d m a ilb o x a re a so yo u w on t get d re n ch e d , la r g e r r o o m s so y o u w o n t b a r k y o u r shins. 342-9)13 826 1594 a nd see. 
T H E K IN G S T O N A P T S 
22o2 V a n ce J a c k so n F o r T L C 

WARREN HOUSE 
3222 N.W . L O O P 41o 342 4o29 
526 W. E lsm e re . S H S F u rn . A pl. I bedroom , ww, cent air. 733-8176 o r 
925-8474 a sk tor L a u ra 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or o v e r pay 
W I L S H I R E A P T S . 
B lo ck of Ft. Sa m N orth G ate 
826-9159, 826-1594 

C a r i t a s ) ' 
A r a r a 

Q u i e t H o m e 

S t y l e L i v i n g 

Effic to 3 bdrm. Townhouses with fireplaces. 12 floor plans. Adult $ family Areas. 

6 6 2 3 C a l l a g h a n R d . 

* * 
6 9 6 - 3 2 9 o 
T = r 

TURTLE CREEK 
EFFICIENCIES 
- CABANAS 
2-BEDROOM S 
STARTING at $16o. 
8631 FAIRHAVEN 

696-451o 

3 B E D R O O M , ran ge , refrig, $175 
L A R G E 4 b e d ro o m in C am elot, 
$395. 
O th e rs c o m in g a vaila b le . 
C all now. 
C E N T U R Y 21 
D e L a n e v R e a lty 653-o55o 
3 b edroom s, 2 bath hom e in N .E. 
P r iv a c y fenced, d is h w a s h e r a nd ran ge 
F a m ily a nd liv in g ro o m s 
( P e r f e c t t h r o u g h o u t ! ) , p a tio , d ouble g a r a g e R e n t $275 m o. I y e a r lease. D a y s 344-3o78, n ile * 
696-o866. 
D O N J O H N S O N C O R E A L T O R S 
B ills p d 1 D e llv ie w I b drm , appl*, carpet, cent air, carp ort, C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (296-1) 

4o4- APARTMENTS-UNM 
> « * • • £ ¥ 

I LA PLAZAS 
$ 

NE LOVELY TOWNHOUSE 
B e a u t if u l 2 b e d r o o m T O W N 

S135-S16o. 
B L A N C O R D . a nd B A S S E R D . 
1-2 B ed room s. G a s-W a te r Pd. 
6831 B A S IL W O O D 342-37o2 

C O N T E S S A T O W N H O U S E S , I O R 
2 B E D R O O M S , b ills pd. $2oo. to 

Ir a ? P ark?. ,N < ^ c rn id re n ° o r*p ^ Is. I ^r°v* A a,VjI X rw °s.^ e 
B ud ge t m in d e d ? T r y this 2 b d rm 
824-67o7., 824-47o o __________________focotion O n ly M I S M o B ills pd r io u s e ^ e n c e d f o ^ k id s - p e t v m 

A P A R T M E N T S U N L I M I T E D 
828-o681 

3o55 NANTUCKET 
« b e d r o o m , 2 ' j b a t h h o m e tn 
C H A R T E R O A K S . A H d ra p e rie s, w a ll-to -w a ll c a r p e t in g , p r iv a c y fenced, wet b a r a n d g a m e room . 
$575 m onthly. 
344-3o78, n ites 
696-o866 
D O N J O H N S O N CO . R E A L T O R S 

N e a r F ie ld s a n d E x p r e s s w a y s , c ou rt ya rd a nd fountain entran ce . 
Alt e le c tric k itc h e n . L e a s e a n d deposit. 333-65oo 
N e a r Ft. Sa m . I b d r m D u p le x . 
F rig , air, $125, w afer pd. 
United, 735-9121, tee (324-2) 

N E A R LckSnd -Kellv, 2brm H o u se , 
$i25m o„ $sa-dep. 219 M cta u g h llm . 
927-4641_______________ 

3-2-2 n e a r W in d s o r P a r k M a lt. 
Stove, re frig e ra to r, d is h w a s h e r, fenced. $41o. 494-37S2 
? t- I 

W E A S T 3 B ed roo m , 2 bath, g a ?-* '• age, heat-air, fenced. N r M c A r t h ­ u r schools. *18$ m o. $75 dei). 
824-5586 
* 

N E 3-2-1 + den, tot I k liche n# f ult I* f c arp et p riv a c y fence. $285 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494 778? 
{ 
N o O e p o s it - N o le a s e ! 
M o v e 
» todov! I bdrm . $55. Ktd-pet O K ^ 
«f 
United, 735-912), tee (323-2) 
* 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 4io -V a n ce J a c k so n R d . 
P A R K L I K E G R O U N D S 
2 -B E D R O O M -S2 3 5 . B IL L S P O . 
P A R K D A L E A P T S . 342 o191 

United. 735-9121, tee (335-2) 

3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 

* I -2 -3 B ed roo m s 

9 Single and Family 
Sections 
* Fireplaces 
* Tennis 

115 NW tOOF 41o 
Across From 
North Star Malt 

I Couple, 2 ro om re a r g a r a g e apt. 
I $7o. B ills Od. C all 532-6714. 

 r n 

 d 

 r n 

I minute to 
Private adult and family section. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
4%) Woodstone Drive 

F re sh ly painted 3 ro o m s a n d bath n e o r S A C 8o3 E. A sltbev, $75 mo. w a le r paid. 736-639. 

NORTHSTAR-SAN PEDRO 
L u x u r y I b e d ro o m to w n h o u se , e le ctric kitch en , fu lly carp e te d , p riv a c y patio, u tilitie s pd, $19o. 
M O R R IS R E A L T Y , 654-o616. 

G R E E N B R IE R A P T S 
1-2 Bed room s. Etficien ce s. B ille d . 
8535 G reenb rier, 828-42oo. 

N O R T H W E S T 
V e r y n ic e I b e d r o o m a p t w ith fireplace in quiet 4-plex, *16o m o, w ater a nd g a s pd, 824-6828. 

IF Y O U Q U A L IF Y 

1 Bedroom -1 B ath $t42-$l99 
2 Bedtoom -1 Bath $159-5221 
3 Bedroom -2 B ath $179-$246 
A ll Utilities, C e n tral A ir a n d Heat, 
R e fr ig e r a t o r, R a n g e , D is p o s a l, 
D ra p e rie s, T V A ntenna, Sto ra g e 
U n its a nd M o re . A p p ro x im a te ly 
IS M in u te s fro m M ilita ry B a s e s 
924-o41o 
2914 R o o se velt Ave. 
In Jeff area, 2 b e d ro o m s, liv in g r o o m w it h f ir e p la c e a n d s u n room , $32-5281 o r A fter * a n d on weekends, 734-2994. 
LA B A N D E R A A P T S . 
L U X U R Y I a n d 2 b e d ro o m apts. 
1171 B A N D E R A R D . 433-3214 

• NOW LEASING • 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M A P T S 
• T o w n h o u se s o r (lots 
• A ll a pp liances, d ra p e s 
C arpets, sto rage a re a s 
• U tilities paid 
• L a u n d ry facilities 
• R e cre atio n ro o m s 
• 4 pools 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H A P T S 
IH IO at W u rzb a c k 
Office 9823 P ow hatan 69o-1884 

4-2-2, Carpet, refrigerator, stove, d ishw ashe r, 
N E , 441o M o n a co , 
655-7873. 

3 - 'j - l , c e n t r a l h e a t - a ir , a p ­ pliances, $235 mo. C E N T U R Y 21 
Schn eid er R e alty 684-72oo. 
3-1 L j-1, c e n t r a l h e o t a n d a ir , ra n g e a n d re frig e ra t o r in c lu d e d im m e d ia t e o c c u p a n c y , $2 25 . 
684-433o, 344-62o7 
D E A N I E O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
C H A R 7 A IN G , e xcellent condition, 
4-2-2, enclosed patio, N E Schools, 
$34o, I ye a r lease. 653-2472. 

O A K H IL L S V I L L A G E 
A p artm e n ts a n d T o w n h o u se s 
$175.Up 1847 B a b co c k 344-9725 
Oft B R O A D W A Y , a d u lts , la r g e upstairs. $15o. 822-7165. 

L a c k la n d - K e liv a re a , m o d e r n , carpeted, I b ed roo m , $15o. b ills 
Pd. 
674-1o32, alter 
4:3o and weekends. 

I o r 2 B e d roo m A partm en t. 136 E. 
C raig. 227-1813, 341-1586 

LEMON TREE APTS 
4227 S U N G A T E 
1-Bedroom , *179. B ills pd. 
655-4826 

L IV E S E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A I N T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S . 
2931 E 
S O U T H C R O S S 
$34-88o8 

Jeff area, effic. g a r a g e upt, air, bills paid. 735-6888 
Join o u r c o m m u n it y w h e re alt ciges sh a re the good life. R e la x in the p o d ! o r join y o u r frie n d s in the c lu b h o u s e . V e n t u r e o v e r to n ea rb y C e n tral P o r k o r W o n d e r­ land. The B o a rd w a lk o ffers 2 a n d 
3 b edroom a p a rtm e n ts from *24$. 
3534 W est A v e n u e 349-42o3 
B a rr y G illin g w a le r Co. 
L A R G E E F F I C I E N C Y 
A la m o 
Hts Close to B ro a d w a y . 828-68o6 

• LINDA APTS.# 
Sa v e g a s m ile s! N e a r tow n con- venicne. 235 H o w a rd oft HOO N. 
M om . I B E D R O O M F U R N . I Blk. 
M aori B ank, L u b ys, E x p w a y , Ho- soitols. 226-8492 
_______________ 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A I N T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
7931 E. S O U T H C R O S S 
534 88o8 ! 

7 / E T R O H O U S E - D O W N T O W N 
M O D E R N E F F I C I E N C Y . F U R N . 
1 
$12o. to *135. 2)3 4T H ST. 226-7333 j 

Motnle efficiency fu rn ish e d B ill* bd A ir conditioned. N e a r B ro o k * 
A F B $125 mo. 533-71*3 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
1 THI N U M B'fk t o C A U 
IS 22$-1 6 6 o 
EXP R tSS ANO N t W > 

A A A A a a H o m e of y o u r ow n can be y o u rs for a s little a s $2oo dow n and p aym en ts le ss than rent. N o 
C re d it? O K ! 
J & J R E A L T Y 474-M 83 A n y tim e 

A L A M O H E IG H T S 
I 
L u x u rio u s 2 bedroom , 2 bath apt, 
*245 m o, w a fe r and g a s pd 
824 *828. 

A L A M O H T S. I B ed roo m *175. 2 
B e d ro o m $21o C e n tra! a ir-he at. 
Bills pd 824-737o 

ARISTOCRAT APTS 
C on ve nien t to all So uth side lo c a ­ tio n s. I b e d ro o m , *17$, u n f u r - 
Dished. 927-4141, $55 Hutchins. 

B E A U T I F U L Tree H o u se A p ts 7n ga rd e n C om p lex, n e o r B r a c k e n ­ rid g e P k. T r in it y U a n d D o w n ­ town. V ie w of City. Pool, L a u n d ry. 
M o d e r n a n d c o m fo rta b le 
M a n ­ a g e r, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
A P TS. 1315 E. M u lb e rry , 826-1243 

L & R TOWNHOUSE 
2-Bedroom s, air, heat. *14o. W a te r 
Od. Patio. 158 E l MiO-4o8 Ira. N o pets. 341-8446, 494-5*78, 824-6227 

L u x u r y D u p le x N e o r M e d Center 
*6 1 o S o u t h p o r t . 3-2-2, k it c h e n a p p l, in c . w a s h e r - d r y e f , f ir e ­ place. Sa u n a ! V e r y different-not for everyone. D a y 222-3751, E v e 
344-4429 

PENNYSTONE APTS. 
C on ve nien t to B o o k s A .F .B . a n d dow ntow n area. E ffic ie n c y, I and 
2 bedroom s, sta rtin g at $15o. All bills pd 9 to 5 W e ekd a ys, e nd 12 to 
5 Sat 47oo Stringfellow . 533-3691. 
S A V E Y O U R S E L F 
T im e, tro u b le , m o n e y . W e fin d new a p a rtm e n ts for you, o w n e r p a y s fee E c o n o m y to lu x u ry , all o v e r town. 
THE G O LD EN K E Y 
A p artm en t L o c a to rs 828-5739 

C H U R C H I L L A R E A : C h o ic e 3 bedroom , 2 bath M a y I. $3oo - up. 
LOU F o r k s • 341-o11o 

C O L O N IA L C O U N T R Y H O M E 
B e a u t ifu l, b ir c h p a n e le d 2 b e ­ d r o o m o n B a n d e r a R d . n e a r 
M e d ica l Center, U T S A a n d Loop 
41o. Quiet, resp on sib le , w o rkin g, m a rrie d couple O N L Y . W ate r od 
N o garage . Dep. req. Lots of C lo ­ sets. 684-229$ after 5pm 

N O D O W N T O A N Y O N E , Is t p v m t in July, 3-4 b e d ro o m hom es, so m e "rn with c arp et a n d a p p lia n c e s. M o . x*. p aym en ts start at *18o. 
% 
R O S S I R E A L T Y _________494-778) 
* 
N O lm o s P a r k . 2 b d r m , cppflr, * 4 central air, carp ort, fenced. 4 
Kid-pet. 
United, 735-9121, fee (285-2) 
N V Y 2 and 3 B d r m D u p le xe s. C ent a ir , W a s h e r - D r y e r c o n n . , a lt opp!*. $19o-523$. 341-62*7 
NW . 3 bdrm , cent, air, a p p ls a n d h uge yard. O n ly $15o 
.United, 735-9121, fee (27»-f) 
N W - 2 b e d ro o m h o u se , c e n te rs, schools, *9o- 223-4641 or *95-9263. 

Colonies North. 2 b d rm , built-lns and w a sh e r-d ry e r, carpet, m a n y extras. C an 
United, 735-9121, fee (281-1) 
3-2-2, Colonies No, th, n e a r school, c o n v e n ie n t M e d sc h o o l, U T S A , 
U S A A , $3oo. M onth. 696-7582. 

C o n v e n ie n t I b d rm , a p p ls, cen t air, water, g a s pd. $135. 
United, 735-9121, tee (3o6-1) 
C u le b r a P a r k . 'I b d r m , a p p ls , carpet, cent air, sto rage G a ra g e . 
$15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (278-1) 

D e licre st area. 4-2-2CP, built-m s, air, fenced for pets-kids. $25o 
United, 735-9121, tee (285-1) 

SEC U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficie ncie s - I a nd 2 b e d ro o m s 
F u rn ish e d a nd U n fu rn ish e d 
THE VILLA FONTANA 
123 B R A C K E N R I D G E A V E . 
( O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
828-1191 

3-2, den, dou b le g a ra g e , fe n c e d yard. A v a ila b le M a y 24, *32o mo. 
344*2341. 
B O B J O N E S * R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

L u x u r y s p lit -le v e l, I b e d r o o m 
*235. a nd 2 b e d ro o m to w n h o u se 
*295 N W Adult. 341-1262 

M A N S IO N B L A N C A N O R T H . 5231 
B la n c o R d . T o w n h o u s e A p ts . 1 
U tilities pd. Sp acio u s, convenient, I luxu rio u s, start *245. 341-4113 

BRAND NEW 
B e a u tifu l pew N W 2 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th , lo v e ly s c u lp t u r e d s h a g , 
F I R E P L A C E , c o o rd in a te d w a il paper. S U P E R L O C A T IO N . 474o. 
A P A R T M E N T S U M N L i M iT E D 
828-o681_______ 

C all u s about our close in i u ra l properties. 2-8oo A c r e s 
Seitz X A- >oc. R e a lto rs 824-238$ 

MEDICAL CENTER AREA 
2 - B e d r o o m , J .b a th , 925 sq .tt. 
Furn., U nfurn. Pool. C lu b house. 
Al! utilities Pd. All adult. N o pets 
$5o. m o v in g credit. C all 342 9321 
IS A M to 5 : 3 o P M w e e k , 1 P M t 
5 :3 o P M Sa tu rd ay 

N E A re a . Q u ie t s m a ll c o m p le x with pool. Utilities turn. J B r-d e n 
Tow nhouse o r 2 B r with fireplace. 
L u x u r y a p a r t m e n t s a t lo w e s t cost. 342-331o, 349-o219 

N E A R F T S A M 
2 B ed roo m duplex, stove, re frig. n oter pd, *1oo. 824-8369. 
N E E D A N A F T - C A L L U S 
T E X A S A P T . L O C A T O R S 
349 3685.NO F E E . S I5 o up 

O N A W A N T AO 
IMC NUM 8CK TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 -1 o 6 6 t x n e c s s A N D N tW S 

THE HABITAT APTS. 

2-BEDROOMS 
ALL U T ILIT IES PD. 
3815 WEST AVE 

3 4 4 -7 7 2 o 

T V M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N O S A U N A S 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 1-2 B A T H S 
$185 to *275. B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S . 
434-4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between H illcre st o nd C a lla g h a n 

V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S . 
1 
1-2 B ed roo m s, a nd E tficie n ce s 
U T I L I T I E S P A ID 
8o)1 N. N ew B ra u n fe ls 828-4242 
3o1-o9-15 'N. M a g n o lia 
A p a r t m e n t s fr o m $1oo a n d up- 
N e a r SA C . convenient sh o pp ing. 

D o w n to w n I b d r m D u p le x . $75. 
M o st b ills pd Fenced. 
United, 735-9121, foe (322-1) 
2-1 D U P L E X , c e n t, h e a t - o ir , stove, refrig, patio, fenced yard. 
N e a r Sa n P e d ro . *275 mo. C E N ­ 
T U R Y 
21 
R a y 
Teal, 
R e a lto r* 
341-2222. 
D u p le x 
P r iv a t e lo c a tio n n e a r 
H ollyw ood P a rk , 2 b ed room , I j bath, kitch en a p p lia n ce s, fenced b a c k y a rd , w a te r p a id , I y e a r lease 494-5896 
E A S T V IL L A G E - N e w ly d e c o ra t­ ed 3 bedroom , I bath hom e. *185. 
P lu s U tilitie s, M in im u m 6 m o *. lease. Deposit. 344-537! 

E X E C U T IV E L IV IN G 
6 B ed roo m new ro ck hom e, su p e r kitch e n , 3 b a th s, fire p la c e , N E schools, close Ft. Sam ., A v a il late 
M ay. $45o mo. 653-o436 

F O R R E N T 
Beautiful 4 bedroom , 2 bath town- h o m e . 
R a n g e , d is h w a s h e r , com pletely carpeted. 675-2)52. 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

3-2-2, F u l ly c a r o e t e d , a ll a p ­ pliances, fenced, N E school d isk 
*325 M o and Dep. I N R E A L E n ­ te rp rise s Inc. 733-9184 Anytim e. 

PLACE YOUR W A N T AO 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

G r a c io u s 3-1 * x -1, s t o v e , c e n ! weather, la u n d ry conn, fenced. 
United, 735-9121, fee (311-3) 

I * 2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

N W , 3-2, 19oo sq.ft., fire p lace $36S. 
W E S T , 3 - lV i- i, o il a p p lia n c e s , central a ir $21o. 
L A C K L A N D , 3-i-C P , c e n tra l a ir 
$21o. k e l l y , 3-1-1, a ll a p p lia n c e s , fenced $2oo. w e s t , 3-1-1, a ll a p p lia n c e s, c e n ­ tral a ir $225. 
681-o*6o 
RED CARPET 

O ff W e id n e r R d . 2 b d r m , a p p l, carp , fence, kid-pet, $14o. W a le r 
Pd 
United, 735-9121, fee (322-2) 
O U R B U S IN E S S IS R E N T A L S ! 
H o u se s, D u p le x e s, A p a rtm e n t's, 
M o b ile h o m e s in a il a r e a s a rid p ric e s . C a ll! U N I T E D 735-91)1 
Fe e 9-9 7 D a y s 

Pepshins Off Broadway 
L o v e ly 2 b e d ro o m D u p le x 
S M G mo. R e sp o nsib le adults. *91-128o 

4-PLEXES 
*12o. to *155.Mo. 1121o B el A ir 
349-7186, 733-7194, 432-/741 

P ric e d to rent q u ic k ly ! N orth e a st, 
3-2-2, fenced, central air-heat, pa- tio, carpet, d rap es, $25o. 494-3833 
494-5961 m*L"' 
W E H A N D L E - 

T i l l 
I H I 

R E N T A L S 
Choice N E R e n ta ls 
BUDDY UECKER 
824-7361, 1324 A u stin Hw y. 

R E N T W IT H O P T I O N , 3 b e ­ d ro o m , fu lly c a rp e te d , fe n c e d , w asher. $195 mo. s d 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494-7781 
R o c k 4-plex. I b d rm , o p a ls, a ir, ga rage , fenced for kids. *13o 
United, 735-9121, lee (318-1) “ 
4 Room , stove-refrig. 72) Se g u in 
St IH 35 N. a nd M o o re , *35. C al! 
Joh n otter 6, 927-5 1 oo. 

3-2-2. R o y a l R id g e . S t o v e , re - a frlg e ra to r, d is h w a s h e r , fe nced . 
N e w a n d s p a c io u s . W in d c r e s t n schools. *415. 494-3752. 

SA C . I b d rm Dup lex. A p p ls, ru g s, air, carport. *14o 
Kr, 
United, 735-9121, fee (278-3) 
Schertz B rick. 3-2-1, tove, carpet, cent air, fenced. *225 
-■ 
* 
United. 735-9121, tee (281-31 
5 e 'sp a c io u s 3 b d rm h o u se. B rin g the k id s and Fido. G a ra g e , fence 
U SO 
> **» 
United, 735-9121, fee (293-3) 
S m a ll F a m i l y ? 2 b d r m T o w n - h ou se , a p p ls, c e n t h e o t-a ir, cp, J fenced, *1*5 
United, 735-9121, fee (381-2) 
; 
T a ke this 2 b d rm for only *33: * 
C all! 
United, 73S-9121, fee (29$-3) 

TIRED OE LOOKING? 
U N IT E D H O M E R E N T A L S h a s the la rge st selection of re n ta ls in 
San Antonio. H u n d re d s of v a c a n ­ cie s d a lly to c h o o se fro m . Sto p w asting tim e and g a s ! C all 
U N I T E D 73 5-91 21 9-9 7 D a y s o r s t o a b v 4 4 o 4 S a n P e d r o 

17o93725 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

 r n # r n 

" g m 
* - 
I 
....... 
A m m m g m 
J IU N E S 
IO DAYS 
JF 

 u i t t i i / i i i f 
S 
.' yR tW 
■ATC CMANM 
I2 S -1 6 6 6 
^ P p P S P P r 
V 
QUICK RESULTS! 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
I 
FINE RESTAURANT 

 in Irg. 
•noting. 

EXCEUENT WASHATERIA 
Neor hole, gross SJO.OOO yr. 26 machine*, 17 dryers. $8 OOO <jn.. 

TINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Ow nor 12 yrs., Gross $12o,ooo. 
Nets $22,ooo yr. G ood porking 
$35?ooo. Terms. 

BUSY COFFEE SHOR 
Gross over $95,OOO yr., med. tenter, good 
$6 OOO dn. 

MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N'Side. seats $o nit® iixfures. 
Gross $62,ooo yr. $65oo dn. 

BUSY CONVENIENCE STORE 
N I, cleats fixtures, good stock, top tease - pkg. $27,ooo terms. 
PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST 
■with mixed drink lounge, gross 
'ing $4o,ooo mo. short hrs , good j lease, seats 13o, $65,ooo dn. 

CLEAN DAIRY KREEM 
I Excellent parking, loads of eqpt., moneymaker. $85oo. Terms. 

| OO8 
$24o,ooo. 
Good 
Net lease. 
NE. 
S5oQOO yr. 
$25,ooo dn. 
DAIRY QUEEN 
N'Side real clean. Seats Sd, Goad 
Nets 
$15,ooo yr. parking. 
$16,5oo 
SEVERAL MIX DRINK CLUBS 
N.W. and MJI. Cleon fixtures. 
Good business, porking. 
Nice terms, 
BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
Mixed drinks. Seats 12o. Gross 
$18o,ooo. 
Nett 
$4o,ooo yr. 
$3o,ooo dn. 
LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close to base. With pickup Ste. 
Grosses $49,ooo. Nett $15,ooo yr. $1o,ooo dn. 
N E GROOMING SALON A SUPPLIES 
Top spot, test clientele. Est, 13 yrs. Nett $1o,ooo yr. $5,ooo dn. 
I DOWNTOWN CONCESSION STANDS lots of fixture*, stock, good morroymakers. $12,ooo. Terms. 
(LL (Ja co p o n 

735-9458 
735-8611 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

ELKINS INSTITUTE 
Can Train You In 

 i ^ 
V 
* ^ 
> 
^ 
O 
A 
D 
C 
A 
S 
T 
I N 
G 

[3L-2 DAY & EVENING 
CLASSES AVAILABLE 

Approved for Veterans 
I st Class FCC License 
CB Radio Repair 
Radio & TV Repair 
Television Technician 
Operator 

# 
X ivL K IN S 

N S T I T U T E 
3o1 Broadway Bldg. Suite 2oo 

BOI B U M S QPFORTtWlTiES 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
Dunn $ B rq d stre e f s o y s Coin 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y a n d D r y 
Cleaning Stores are one af two industries with th# least failure figures. 
K W IC X W A S H co in o p e ra te d la u n d ry and d ry d e a n in g test stores for sate. w e H A V E choice lau n d ry loco 
♦ions in every par* of San Antonio ready to build now 
B A N K R A V E F IN A N C IN G 
For information call E d Floyd 
512-684-3771 or v is it o u r w a r- ehouse-show room at 54o3 Jack- wood, San Antonio, Tx 78238 
Sa n A n to n to o i st rib u to r Sh i p available June 1st. $3,ooo invest­ ment required. Should net $5o,ooo this year. 681-o366 
SIG N B U S IN E S S with $3o,ooo rn equipment and inventory. Yearly profits over $2o,ooo. $35,ooo cash 
N White, C ash C o rry S ig n Co., 
18oo Barton Sp rin g s Rd, Austin, 
Tx 472-64o3 
S P E C IA L IT Y L IN G E R IE SH O P large repeat business. Seller will train haver. $18,ooo. 
R OSSI R E A L T Y 
494-7781 
ST E A K H O U SE One of the best restaurant buys in the city Fully ' equipped, good build ing tease. 
Buy for less than replacem ent I cost of e q u ip m e n t.R O H D E I 
B U S IN E S S B R O K E R S 696 5311 

C EMPLOYMENT 
SALES 
6o2 SALES 

E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
M o n d a y M a y 2, 1 9 7 7 

8o2 SALES 
882 SALES 

SOI PROFESSIONAL 
8o1 ^ - S ESSIONAL 

SHOP AT HOME CONSULTANT 

M ust have at least 
3 years experience in custom 

 decorating to include fabric and related fashion ac­ 

 cessory sales, correct m easuring and installation 

 methods, m ain te n an ce o f special order files. 

Automobile essential. 

S a la r y c o m m e n s u r a te w it h e x p e r ie n c e 

 a p p ly in p e r s o n 

E m p lo y m e n t O f f ic e 3 r d F lo o r 
Joske’s Downtown 

 e q u a l op p o rtu nity e m p lo y e r 

T O IL E T R IE S C O M P A N Y - Small com pony with d istrib u to rsh ip , m a rke tin g and m a n u fa c tu rin g rignts Buy at less than inventory to d a y .R O H D E 
B U S I N E S S 
B R O K E R S 696-5311 
U N IQ U E P L A N T SH O P 
$2ooo equity. Assum e bank note, call aft 6PM, 658-5742 
V A R IE T Y ST O R E 
SO year reputation. Owner retiring. Com pany needs young out-going managem ent, good . profit potential. Centrally located 
227-o227 Watson & Son 655-8546 , 
W ant m ore out of life ? A little i extra m oney can m ean alot of j extra living! E a rn extra income rn your spare time. Fo r appt. con I 
656-8719 between ?-9pm 

ADVERTISING ARTISTS 

Jo ske 's of Texas is now accepting applications for the following artist positions 

• LAYO UT ARTIST 
• PR O D U C T IO N ARTIST 
• F A SH IO N ARTIST 

M ust have at least 
I yr. experience. 
S a la ry com ­ m ensurate with experience. Excellent com pany benefits. 

A p p ly E m p lo y m e n t O ffic e 3 r d F lo o r o r c a ll M r . P n o n x io 2 2 7 - 4 3 4 3 
Joske’s Alam o Plaza 

 equal opportunity employer 

W E B U Y 
Businesses and inventories 
J. K A H N & ASSOC. 342-4322 
W ell e s ta b lish e d C L E A N I N G 
Pickup Station. Reasonable rent. 
Good lease. Age and health forces sale. Coll for appointment m orn­ ings only 673-38o1 

WORMS 
| A limited num ber of ind ivid uals are needed lo raise earthw orm s for on orgam ration that affords an unlim ited incom e potential. 
For information, call E C O L O G Y 
C O N C E P T S IN C., 512-657-o133. 
Offices Nationwide. 

WORMS 

WEAR THE 
“ U n ifo rm o f W h it e ” 
ENROLL N O W 
SUMMER CLASSES BEGIN MAY 31 ST call today 224-o757 

• M e d ic a l A s s is t a n t - C lin ic a l 
• D e n ta l A s s is t a n t 
• M e d ic a l A s s is t a n t - C le r ic a l 
• L a b A s s is t a n t 
• M e d ic a l S e c r e t a r y 

BASIC GRANTS AVAILABLE - SUPPLEMENT GRANTS 

LOANS— PLACEMENTS ASSISTANCE 
5.A. College of Medical & Dental Assistants 
5 o 5 E ast T r a v is St. 
2 2 4 - o 7 5 6 

£ 

We buy w orm s under contract 
W orm grow ers needed 
512-653-514o 
W O R M E N T E R P R IS E S 

WORMS-WORMS 
Get in on the ground floor. We need county d istrib u to rs, sale- i speopie and new grow ers in your area. W rite o r ca ll now . P -V | 
W orm Farm , P.O.Box 3629, Ir v ­ ing, Tx 75o61. (214)299-5326 
Y O U -F R A M E -IT SH O P 
Do-it-yourself or custom fram ing. 
A great business for the artist who wants to fram e and exhibit their work or for young-ot-heqrt retiree who wants a fun business. Owner will train. E x c e lle n t location. 
Priced under $16,ooo for everyth­ ing. 
R O H D E 
B U S I N E S S 
B R O K E R S 696-5311 

SEW IN G PLANT 
M A N A G E R 
• Notionally known famous name children's dress manufacturer hot opening for assistant or plant manager experienced in childrens dresses Great opportunity for qualified individual 

• Knowledge english' Spanish Required 
• Knowledge Of All 
Sewing Plant Procedures 
• Agreeable, Relocate Laredo, Texas 

All interested applicants desiring a position that offers a challenge and a future, call or write in confidente: Norman Greenberg. 
SA M LANDORF A CO#, INC# 
4 5 W I S T 1 8 S T R IC T , N E W Y O R K 1 o O 1 1 
P H O N E 3 1 2 - 6 7 3 - 7 4 2 o 

512 - IHSIROCTlOiyS 

H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H it 3o 99th ST, Stinson Field 
_____________924-8551_____________ 
Le arn P ro fe ssio n a l B a rte n d in g 
And B or M anagem ent, A W orld 
Wide Profession tor men and women. 
Brotherhood School of 

M en and wom en. 

BARTENDING 

4o8-HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

Try this turn or unfurn 2 bdrm in the Highland Hills. StOO 
United, 735-9121, fee (294-1) 
Unbelievable! ? bdrm with extra room. carpeted, fenced tor kids. 
SISO 
United, 73S-7121. tee (293-2) 
Unfurnished 2 bedroom house. SSS mo. $25 deposit. 219 Paul. 532-31o/ 
JA C K M IT C H E L L , R E A L T Y 

5o1 - BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

UTSA. Paneled 2 bdrm house with air, fence. $19o. H urry! 
United, 735-9121, fee (28o-3) 
W oodlaw n Lo ke . 3 b d rm , h a s garage, fenced, coy patio. Only 
SISO 
United, 735-9121, fee (28o-2) 

412-ROOMS, FURNISHED 

ALPHA HOTEL 
Reasonable, daily, weekly rates. 
Downtown. 315 N. M ain 
361 C LU B D R IV E 
G A R A G E RO O M . 734-o469 
D A IL Y - W E E K L Y M O R A T E S 
N EW M A N A G E M E N T 
N avarro Hotel 116 N avarro 
For Perm anent Living 
Downtown, Check out the 
TRAVELERS HOTEL 
Most Reasonable Rates 
22o Broadw ay 
Lnrge room in lovely home, own entrance, bath, 
434-7154 or 
223-495o. 
W A N T E D efficiency room, down- stairs. 
Mole, 
732-657o. 
Woodlawn area, 

5o1-BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

KON TIKI MOTEL 
COFFEE SHOP 

F o r R e n t 
35o EAST AVIATION 

UNIVERSAL CITY 

 for information colt 
Mrs. {Hie Potts, Manager 
658-4646 

Automotive Repair Center 
6 stalls, 2 offices, waiting room. 
Now in operation. 
Excellent gross.533-o164 
B A R B E Q U E R E S T A U R A N T - A very successful business. Been in business many years. Choice real estate included in package, make the decision to be your own boss before another month qoes by.- 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
696-5311 
_______ 

$6oo WEEK 

Full T im e 
$15o WEEK 

P a r t T im e 

We seek people who seek 

 success, lf you meet our qualifications you will have your own profitable 

 business. We offer the w in­ ning combination, the fin­ 

 est equipm ent to dispense fam ous nationally ad­ vertised 
W R IG LEY ’S G U M 

 a n d 

TIC TAOS 

WE 
PROVIDE locations, complete training and in­ 

 stallation of equipment, 

 ond protected territories: 

YOU PROVIDE top credit references, and a sincere 

 desire to own and operate your own business. 

Applicant must be perma­ 

 nent resident ready to 

 start work in 3o days. Our 

 investors put up the nec­ essary capital for qualified individuals. Applicant must 

 have adequate working 

 capitol. 
No purchase 

 necessary. 

CALL J. WILHITE 

Sun,, Mon., Tues. Only 

(512) 732-5141 

Valley Forge Marketing 

3o Valley forge Plaza 

Volley forge, PA 194o6 

WANTED 

LO O K IN G For a successful busi­ ness in need of active partner with capital. 89o9 W illm on W ay, San 
Antonio, T X 78239. 

5o4-MONEY TO LEND 

B u sin e ss and In d iv id u a l lo a n s a v a ila b le fo r a n y p u rp o s e . 
$2,ooo-$1o,ooo,ooo. Contact M r. T. 
Whitely 534-8873. 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the purchase of: 
•Chattel ar Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 226-o314 
1818 NBC Bldg. 
San Antonio 
N E E D C A S H ?? 
BU T H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ? ? 
Call Union Finance 223-6871 

1o15 Jackson-Ketler, N O 2o2 
349-26o1 
A Texas Certified Trade School. 
Free job assistance, discount to 
Vetrons. 
New classes begin M a y 2 
R E G IS T R A T IO N 
Mon ond Wed nile 7pm iopm 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
62o8 S.Flores___________ 924-388o 
S O U T H W E S T 
S C H O O L 
O F 
M E D I C A L 
A S S IS T A N C E . 
224-2296, H S Broadw ay 
______ 
Veteran Inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational School 
1913 S.FIores___________ 225 3253 
Veteran Inquiries Welcome 
Texas VocaHsnal School 
1913 S.FIores 
225-3253 

PH O N E FO R S M A L L LO A N 
P R E S A F IN A N C E 227-2263 
R E A D Y cosh to p urchase your real estate mortages. 225-1475. 
S M A L L H O N O R L O A N S 
JU ST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
A B A C R E D IT 
223 6249 
Starting, expanding, intangible a cc o u n ts re c e iv a b le ., .c a sh a v a ila b le fo r these o n d o ther money needs. Call 673-8857 now 
W E H A V E - L e a d e rs w ho a re iooking tor investm ents in apts, shopping centers, office buildings, w areh ousing, in d u stria l p a rks, mobil home parks, motels-hotels. 
Venture capital avail. Construe- 
< hon funds avail. Call or write 
H A R T F O R D 
M A R Y L A N D 
ASSO C 
44o5 S. Logan, Lansing, M I. 4891o; 
S17 -393-35oo. 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ate o:tepted on the premise (hot (ohs of feted will be hied on the basis of merit without discrimination because of sex unless the |ob is o bonofide or cupafionol qualification. 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The San Antonio Private tmployment 
Association has a rigid Code at Ethics to which all its pnvote employment agency members subscribe for in­ formation about private employment agencies, or action on complaints, coil 
7/4 78o? at the 
Setter 
Business 
Bureau 

51o-MONEY WANTED 

W IL L P a y Y ou 25% of P ro fits! 
Need cap ital to expand nation­ w id e p ro te in food p la n t a n d products. 633-o585._______________ 

512-INSTRUCTIONS 

B A R B E R SH O P for sale 
_________9o7 s. B R A Z O S________ _ 
B a rb e r Shop, e stab lished b u s i­ ness, preier retired person, also 
Hair styling. 
Reasonable. 
924 464o. 
B E A U T Y SA LO N 
A ll e q u ip m e n t, e s ta b lis h e d clients. Extrem ely good location. 
$16,5oo. 
M A C REAS. E S T A T E 828-2521 
B E A U T Y SH O P O P E R A T O R S 
Now you can have a beauty shop in your home on som e cases. Buy all the equipm ent you need for si tsp or best offer. Po-Co, 6459 
Old Hwy 9o West, 673-2573 or, 
533 9o98._____________________ 
' 
B O D Y SHOP- Trained personnel j top customer list, m any insurance i accounts, Some term s available.- 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
696-5311_____________________ 
I 
B O E R N E - C o in L a u n d r v . B u y ! equipment. Lease building. 1976' g r o s s in c o m e $3o,ooo. 
C a ll 
684 7o51 aller SP M and w eekends.: 
B U Y TH IS E S T A B L IS H E D G IF T 
SH O P and be your own boss, if s a j going business. Call Bill Kem ble 
342-2876 or 
34M436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S ________ 

FO R S A L E 
IN D IL L E Y , C E N T E R O F T H E 
SO U TH T E X A S O IL 
E X P L O R A T IO N A R E A 
Esta b lish e d a n sw e rin g se rvice with room on switchboard for growth. 
24 room Hotel with dining room and bus station 
Sm all concrete Block air condi­ tioned building. 
Lots or acreage on Interstate 35 J access road lf you are considering starting o new business or relocating, this is a fast-growing area with unlimitd opportunity. 
IN E Z A S H E R 
965-6552 
Dilley, Texas 78o17 

KHY 
PUNCH 

4 Short Weeks 

O t h e r T ra in in g in: 
Computer Operations 

Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretary 

Nurse’s Aide/Orderly 

Cal! 224*9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

ASSISTANT MANAGER 
FOR LOCAL 
COUNTRY CLUB 

SEND COMPUTE RESUME TO: 

EXPRESS NEWS 
BOX 4441 
San Antonio, Texas 
78297 

C harm ing Kiosk (stall in m all). 
Cedar and redwood. U nusual in­ ventory. Excellent opportunity lo buy this creative little shop easily. 
822-1469. 
_______ 
Dam aged bldg 8x16, 12x24, 14x4o term s free del 732-5171___________ 

G A R A G E and A U T O P A R T S 
Owner retiring, will sell 1 r on acre with 2 buildings of fine Southside location. At a v e ry re ason ab le price. For appt, call 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realiors 

GROW PLANTS 
G row subtropical plants (or our wholesale nursery. We supiy a greenhouse, pots. Plants, co m ­ plete training; E v e ry th in g you need to convert extra time into extra income. M in im u m capital 
S299o. M r Ow ens, P O Box 521, 
L e w isv ille , 
T X 
75o67. 
(214)436-7o9o 
_________________ 
H E A V Y M A N U F A C T U R IN G - 
Local com pany in business over 
3o years supplying custom ers na­ tionwide. inform ation by appt. p le a se .R O H D E 
B U S I N E S S 
B R O K E R S 696-5311 
________ 

D R Y C L E A N E R S - Good location. 
Selling due lo illness. 223-1o13 
E L E C T R O L Y S IS ST U D IO - Busi- ness and equipment for sale to be m oved to p u rc h ase r s hom e or apartment, No license required 
Very successful business. Owner training provided. R O H D E B U S I­ 
N E S S B R O K E R S 696-5311_______ 

IC E H O U SE- Neighborhood beer place. E s t a b lis h e d b u s in e s s . 
Located northwest. $8,ooo down on the Hotness and assum e build­ ing lease. R O H D E B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 696-5311 

HALLMARK 
< 

A C M - T E C H 

BECOME A LICENSED 
AVIATION TECHNICIAN 
NEW CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 2oth 
• Approved for Veterans 
• Accredited NATTS Institution 
• TAA Approved 
• Courses in Airframe ond Power- oiant 
• Qualified for FAA ASP license 
• Course Duration 12 Months 
• Job Placement Assistance 

VISIT OR CAU 
HALLMARK A IRO TECH 
113o 79th SI., Stinson Field 
San Antonio, Texas 71214 
924-8551 

A D J U S T E R I KAINfcfc SVJOU 
Elite company, «reat future 
L E A R N ! Call M ik ' Metis 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service £2o3 Rough Rider 
Am bitious in d ivid u al needed to work full or part time. Can earn up to $1,ooo o month after train­ ing. Call 684-3338 for uppt. 
B SC E F E E PD. $15,ooo 
E x p e rie n c e in s u b -d iv stre e t sewer etc. Call R ay 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6323 Sovereign Dr.-Suite 14o 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 

Most of the better, higher paying jobs are not adver­ tised. Haldane can show you how to find these jobs and how to get the inter­ views. Send your resume today or call now for a no cost or obligation interview. 

Not a placement agency 

 b e r n a r d 
* a b e r n a r d 
Haldane sneers/ a s s o c i a t e s 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 

San Antonio 
Century Bldg., 84 N E Loop 4 IO 
Suite 275 West / Dept. E 
(512) 342 3166 
San Antonio, Texas 78216 
A lso H ou sto n and Dallas. 

Cable: E X E C U T IV E 
Regional entices Benton 7Chicago 
Ctevetand Dallas Detroit / Houston 
L o s Angeles San I ranciico / Tampa 
N e w Y g rl Philadelphia W ashington 

SALES REPRESENTATIVE 

C o n s u m e r P a c k a g e G o o d s 

The Gillette 
Personal Care 
San Antonio 
Sales Territory is now available! 

... and it can be your opportunity lo jo in the d y n a m ic , g r o w in g 
Gillette organization and repre­ sent their expanding, nationally- fa m o u s lin e of p e r so n a l c a re products. Its involvement that adds up to solid career growth challenges . . . and if you can b a c k it up w ith s tro n g c a re e r goals, 1-2 years selling experi­ ence, a high level of professional energy . . . we’d like to discuss this opening with you. And tell you about the tremendous marketing and advertising support you can exp ect.. . about our outstanding 

 personal development program 
. . . and, of course, about the re­ wards! . . . like excellent salary, bonus, car, expenses and gen­ erous benefit package. 

Call today, Sunday. 
(512) 828*9o37 

 lf you ore qualified and available for overnight travel during the week, ar­ range a convenient San Antonio in­ terview by colling Mr. Derrick today, 
Sunday (May I) from 6 p.m. to IO p.m. or Monday (May 2) from 8:3o a.m. to 
12 noon and I p.m. to 6 p.m. at 828- 
9o37. 

The Gillette Company 
Personal Care Division 

Equal Opportunity Is The Only Kind We Know. 

* 2 5 , o o o 

* 4 o , o o o 
PER YEAR 

Ai* you enthusiastic o poshly* thinker, corning an excels of 
$12,ooo per year and perhaps in a rut? Art you o permanent resi­ dent of Texes and don t mind working Hard if you ate property compensated fat it? Would you like a soles job that doesn t re­ quired overnight Itnvei, night work or weekend walk? 

Do you want at have time to spend with your family? Do you wont to earn not less than 
$26,ooo per year but wont the opportunity to earn $4o,ooo 
$$o,ooo per year? 

Do you want to wink for on honest, established company that has a great produrt — one you will feel proud to sell? Do you want the product to have an unlimited market? 

CALL MR. GOLD 
732-5141 

Fifth Page 

 f a g - s l i t s " 
MMmMjnVWWn 

I 
E Y D C D l C M r c n • 

WHAT 
About Your 
FUTURE? 

No experience necessary — we will train. Mole and female career opportunities in sales A photography. 4 weeks salary guaranteed $17S week. Earn $225-$3SQ & up per week. 

$15,ooo-$25,ooo Annual Income 

Due to expansion of multi-million dollar child photography corporation, we have openings in our sates and photography departments. You will work in the nations leading department stores with top professionals in the fields of sales & photography. 

Benefits include: compony paid life A health, major medical, profit-sharing, vacation, sick pay. Must have dependable transportation. Must be flexible to work within store hours. You will work in Houston's leading stores and out of town major chain stores. Bilingual (Spanish) 

 beneficial. 

WE NEED... 

People who want careers, not jobs! Excellent performance guarantees rapid advancement. We are a threshold com­ pany expanding world wide. Opportunities unlimited! 

PCA International, Inc. 

For interview appointments, please be at laQuinia South, 
(1-35 & Military Hwy.) Room 2oo, Wednesday & Thursday, 
May 4th & 5th. 3 P M. or 6 P.M. 

WORKING WITH US 

IS UK! BEING IN 

BUSINESS FOR 
YOURSELF 

W orking for your­ self by working with us. 
Could you earn *2 o,o o o the first year? 
Even more the next year? By be­ coming a sales rep. for the Inde­ pendent Order of 
Forreston you will be part of the largest fraternal non-sectarian or­ ganization in the world. 
M ake it your business. Be a commission sales representa­ tive with the IOF. 

Call Lbs Willoughby 
349-3719 between 
IO a.m.-3 p.m. 

J SALESMEN 
J 
SALARY AND 
* 
COMMISSION 

 j. 
Positions Permanent — 
1$ 
Immediate Openings 
♦ local Area — No 
Traveling 
Fringe 
Benefits 
Include 
Major Medical Coverage 
(Hospital, 
Doctor, 
Pres­ criptions) 
Excellent Training 
Program 

$25,ooo - $45,ooo Per 
Year Income Bracket 

All Sales Made By 
Appointment 
In Our (Yourj Office 
Or 
In The Prospects Home 

Appointments Made from 
Office 

Weekly Payroll 

Our Business Is Growing 

We Are Moving Into New 
And larger Quarters 

We Need 6 More Goad Men, 
Permanently 

Coll Mr Davis at 227-654o It 
Apply at SOI Broadway 
~ 
Suite 2oo 
Son Antonia, Tex. 

EXPERIENCED 
RETAILERS 

Wa box* openings for Indies | 

 ready to wear, ladies spoitsw -nf or childrens weal dept managers. 
We prefer ex perience, but will tram in our systems an applicant that has related retail experience, 

 lf you ore currently on assistant dept, manager or a head o*L stark, we want to tall. to you 
Some supervision of female fit­ ting moms required 

* (REE HOSPIT All TARON 

* GOOD SHARY 

* S DAY WEEK 
A p p ly 
LERNER SHOPS 

Mr. Prezlicki 

Windsor Park Mall 6S4-o1 IO 
-quo/ oftportvnlly am p lo y 
| L- * ——— ay* 

A positive progressive Real 
Estate company is looking for agents who desire manage me at who will back them up with training and personal at tention. licensed ac we will sponsor (or license 

Call LOREN STINER 

696-992o 
HOHFNBERGER- 
COlllNS CO. 

 s s 
? 

PAPER SALES 
PERSON 

To service local accounts. 
Knowledge of printing paper helpful. 
Send resume to: 
EXPRESS*NEWS 
BOX 4433 
SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78297 

Children’s Services Coordinator 
Pions, organizes directs diagnos­ tic and treatment activities. M a s ­ t e r 's d e g re e in o b e h a v io r a l science. Forw ard resum e to Bex­ a r County M H M R Center, P e r ­ sonnel Dept. 611 N Flores 225-4o11 
E xt 76. Equal opportunity a ffir­ mative action employer. 
E N G IN E E R : 
Degree or good expr 
Large SA firm, good co benefits 
Start 
$1o,8oo + . 
Eve 
Long, 
341-2551 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employm ent Service 1o2 Rector 
E N G I N E E R S 
M etallurgy.......................$7o,ooo 
Mfg. M E degree ........... 515,ooo 
M E Consulting ............. 527,5oo 
E E. Design, Install 
516,4oo 
B E L L E M P L O Y M E N T A G E N C Y 
46oo Broadway 
824-7485 
JO B H U N T IN G ? $12-165,ooo. Ber n a rd H a ld a n e & A sso c . (512) 
342-3166. S in c e 
1 947. N ot a placement agency._______________ 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E $72oo 
Advance on merit. Great oppor­ tunity, coll M ike Metis 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
_____ 
IS M A N A G E R T R A I N E E tor privately owned food bus.-salorv open. Rosie 732-2191, 25o1 W est 
Ave. Jobs North mc. Personnel 
Consultants. 

Like new 1ox16 field office, terms, free delivery. 924-5oo3.___________ 

EMPLOYMENT AGENCY 
O w ner loo b u sy to run second 
Office. G ro w in g b u sin e ss w ith greul potential. Interested parties with sio.ooo cash call M r. R a y 
824 o28o days, 824 768o nights 
Established plant store in N E ast 
San Antonio. Good location. Call 
658 9188 after 6PM . 
________ 

LIQ U O R ST O R E -B u sin e ss excel­ lent Low overhead. Owner selling due to ill health. Operation suita- ble for man and wife. 653-972) 
L IQ U O R S T O R E Good lo cal ion! 
N ’West. M a kin g m oney. O w ner selling due lo other business in- terests. Call 684-7211 or 684-4512 
Lounge Furn, for Rent 1234 S. 
General 
M cM ullen 
$175mo. 
226-779o 

F U R N IT U R E ST O R E - Owner re­ tiring will assist purchaser in get­ ting into this successful business. 
M a n y repeat cu stom ers on the nooks. Clean business. R O H D E 
B U SI N E S S B R O K E R S 696-531 1 
_ _ ^ w aNT flu 

THI NUMBIR IO CAIL 
15 225-16o6 tXPRISS ANO NfW S 
____ I 

■ Own Your Own B u siness" White 
Auto Stores, 391o Call Field Rd wichita Falls, Tx (817)692-341o 
P L A N T A N D G IF T SH O P 
N E, Under $5,ooo 
655-5684 or 655-4822 

ENROLL NOW 
CLASSES 
FORMING 
• Nurses Aide r f Male Orderly 
Ar Medical Assist. 
* lab Technician 
* Approved for Eligible Vet­ erans 
* Eligible for Basic Grants 
Job Placement Assistance 
Registration Available for Information coll 
S .W . S c h o o l o f 
M e d ic a l A s s is t a n t s 
224-2296 
I I 5 B r o a d w a y 

MEO. ACCTS MGMT 

7 3 4-o2 31 
Professional WI! collector needed with past experience. Chance for advance In mgmt. Please no a p ­ p lic atio n s, just re su m e s. F o r appt. call between 9am-5pm, ask for Ralph Johnson 
_ __ 

Position Available 
SO U T H W E ST T E X A S 
S T A T E U N IV E R S IT Y 
C O O R D IN A T O R O F P A R K IN G : 
Provides coordination of parking ond traffic control activities on c a m p u s. S u p e r v is io n of non- sworn parking control personnel and student employees. G eneral parking control and enforcement activities on cam pus. Som e p ark­ ing control experience desired. 
Also, su p e rviso ry and planning and m anagem ent experience de sired. M an a ge m e n t tra in in g is preferred Two y e a rs college. 
A A.degree or better preferred. 
Apply before M a y 5 to: 
Personnel Office 
SWTSU 
Room 2o8 Lib-Adm Bldg 
San Marcos, Texas 78666 
Phone:512-2«5-22i) 

SW TSU is an affirm ative action- 
Equal opportunity em ployer 

ARE YOUR EARNINGS IN LINE 
WITH YOUR ABILITIES? 

 lf you are the type of person who enjoys meet­ ing the public, regardless of your present job, we can increase your earning capacity and develop your ability further, lf you're selling insurance, appliances, real estate, route sales, etc. we want to talk to you and will show you how we can greatly improve your annual in­ come. W e prefer to talk with young married people with families. Sales ability helpful but is not necessary. 

To let you evaluate your own opportunities and your earning potential, we will give you a 
FREE aptitude test with no obligation. For an interview contact (In person only 
— no telephone calls), 9 a.m. to I 2 Mr. Claybourne 
Smith, General Sales Manager. 
GILLESPIE FORD 

23oo BR O A D W A Y 

SURPRISING 
& UNUSUAL 
Will odd one 
Salesperson, preferably experienced in direct selling Preferably over 3$ mid with family responsibilities. We will interview oil applicants, mole and female. We are selective — being the oldest, best known, most respected San Antonio tom pony in our field. This is the most unusual opportunity you will en­ counter. 
924-42o8 
9 AM to 3 PM, weekdays 

OB 

ALE! 
$25,ooo-575,ooo 
Yearly Earning Potential! 
Join (he growing (finks at sue tessful self-employed people sell­ ing our custom made ladies handbags. Sales ability a definite asset. Unique party plan method that works. Write-. 
SLEDGE 
HANDBAG CORP. 
6o6 IS th St. SE 
Cleveland, Tenn. 37311 

PERMANENT 
PART TIME 
Windsor Park 
Mall 
Excellent opportunity tm sales! oriented individual desiring responsibility, challenge, and secure future with a rapidly, growing retail (horn Retail ex perience preferred but not) necessary. 
Call 653*9o44 
Ask for Pauline 

 ll S E L F - IM P R O V E M E N T and 
IM P R O V IN G Y O U R IN C O M E in ter ext* you, the N .E. lo o p 41o office Of R E O C A R P E T R E A L 
TO RS I* interviewing tor full time tules associates lo lake urivan rage of the best training available 
A ll in q u irie s con fidential. C a ll 
Jerry O live' at 65o 1234. 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
Radio Shack H a* opening for c ol* lu ge g ra d u a t e * in S to re m a n ­ agement training program 
737 3612. 

M A N U F A C T U R E R 

R E P . 
W H O L E S A L E 

A C C O U N T S 

T E X A S O N L Y 
633-o991 

/ 
MATERIALS 
H A N D L I N G 
E Q U IP M E N T 

 leading distributors has opening for experienced career minded salesman 
Above overage com mission opportunity in protected territory with established ac- rounts Transportation and equip­ ment furnished 
824-3828 
W A TAYLOE CO., INC. 

MARKET REP S14K-+- 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Expert* Inc. Placement Service 

MENA WOMEN 
HOO P E R W E E K 
U N U S U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y 
R A P ID A D V A N C E M E N T 
E X T E N S IV E T R A IN IN G 
Call Dan or Bart 349 4397, 349 «219> days 655-2277 night* 
______ 
Newt ladies to wear and toll Su ­ rah Coventry Jewelry, no invest­ m ent. C a r n e c e t t a r y . C a ll 
65/ 35o2 or 657 3614 
Need IHttnsed"agent*, all field * real estate Newly rem odeled Of­ fice. 
Established business location 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E BIB 2521 
N E E D $225 W E E K ? 
Matiaoe TV rental route. D eliver and collect, M anage 2oo account* 
Excellent driving record and able 
, to pass polygraph lest Apply a* 
-I A B C TV Rentals, 435 SW Military. 
Parttime, eves, S a tT l afternoon" 
Tobacco Bowl, North Star M all, apply at The Arbor 369-3647______ 

PART TIME SALES 
M o n s c lo th in g e x p e r ie n c e required. P M p art tim e h ou rs. 
Apply in person loam 9pm LAW - 
F O R D S 2o8 W o n d e rla n d M a ll, 
Roger Sage 
_________ _ 

O F F IC E M A N A G E R 112,ooo + 
Medical background preferred 
Call Pat kirk 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
Pharm acist needed for indepen dent business. Excellent working con ditions, good s a la ry , good benefits, Call 224-5o93. 

P O SIT IO N A V A IL A B L E 
Jane I, 1977 
SO U T H W E ST T E X A S 
S T A T E U N IV E R S IT Y 
Adm inistrative Assistant to the V.P. tor 
Institutional Advancem ent c a rry in g resp onsibility for per I form ing technical and p ro g ra m j d u tie s. 
In v o lv e s p la n n in g , I organizing and supervising staff j of clerical assistants. Will be in­ volved in developing operationol ; policy, special reports, legal re ­ search, ond a d v is in g the V .P 
Requires minimum of five years : perform ing responsible duties in a p ro fe ssio n a l field. D u tie s lo have included sk ills in su p e rvi- , sion and know ledge of m od ern j office practices and should p o s­ s e s s th o ro u g h k n o w le d g e o f ' secrete!skills. Bachelor's degree: or combination ot education and | experience equivalent to degree required. P re fe re n ce g ive n lo c a n d id a te s w ith a d d itio n a l: graduate work, A p p ly before 5 i p m. M a y 13,1977, to Personnel 
Office, Southw est T e x a s State 
U niversity, Room 2o8, L ib ra ry *! 
Adm .Building, San M arcos, T e x -; as 78666. 245-2211. 

SW TSU Is an affirm ative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Professional Executive 
; 
Consultants tnt’l 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 (H IO, Suite 44o 
517-736-2263 

D O Y O U : 

Need from $4oo.oo - $5oo.oo 

 per month? 

Have 3-4 hours each AM & PM? 

Have transportation? 

 lf you are retired, a housewife, or looking for additional income, I have a morning/afternoon, home-delivery newspaper route in the Hwy. I 81 So. 
(Floresville Hwy.) area. Bond deposit will be required. Call Neil Skillings, 
22 5*7 411 , ext 
13o, 
Mon., 
Tues., 
Thurs. or Fri. between 9 & I I a.m. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

SAUS OPPORTUNITY 

We ore looking for people in­ terested in pursuing a career in 
REAL ESTATE We offer an ex­ cellent commission schedule, plus extensive compony wide training. 
'oil for on interview 
3 4 4 * 6 3 o 7 
BEANIE 
OWENS CO. tfALTORS— RUS 
!n.W!$T OFC* 

B E LO W T H E B E H now accepting application* for 
M gm t T rainees and P a rt Tim e 
Sales. Apply North Star Malt store only 

L A D I E S 

Part or full time, train as hopechest counselor 

 earnings from $1oo to 

$15o per week. 

For a p p t, call 
349-4931 

1 o a m - 1 2 n o o n . 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS com m ission lo start, to llin g or* our custom er*. C a r n e c e ssary. 
M ust be neat and ciean-cut 
494 58)2 
P H O N E R O O M M C R $65o 
P R type, cap ab le s u p e r v iso r , raises 3o days Atnyo 369-3541 
S H A R F F Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r,Su ite 14o 

PUBLIC RELATIONS 
F o r sates and prom otions, sates executive of high caliber to call on business and professional people in Son Antonio and su rro u n d in g area. M o st be able to start im ­ mediately Fo r appointm ent call 
Tom 349-35o3. 

DEI RIO* 
LAKE AMISTAD 
Need licensed generator for 

CAN YOU CLOSE? 
R a p id ly e x p a n d in g S A. m e at com pany has opening High com ­ m iss io n s , re p e a t s a le s 
C a ll 
684-4947 tor appt. K in gs M en Meat 
Co. 
C A R E E R O P P O R T U N IT Y 
U A R C O inc., $7oo,ooo,ooo Nation ai Company, W YSE Sell business syste m s to c o m m e rcia l firm s 
. Coll Charles Tanner 224 S5ji, 

5ooo acre subdivision on lake 
Amislad. 
Also need licensed salesmen that can generate. 
Business is good and you get paid up front (omt down and look us over or coll 
1*775 3556 
Ask for Lamb 

E xperienced sales person to work evenings and Saturday p e rm an ­ ent Pet Pantry North Star M all 
342-2361 for appt. 
________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
S A L E S M A N 
Fashionable men s clothing store in business since 1933. Located in 
North Star M all with established clientele. O p p o rtu n ity is w ell worth pursuing. Contact M r. Klein 
349 4464 
I *p Food Salesm an W holesale level. Bilingual preferred, salary, co m m issio n ♦ c a r allow an ce . 
Send resum e to Box 7384, 78287. 

CITY SALES 
Salary + expenses + com m 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 

TEACHERS! 
6o2 SALES 

SEW ING MACHINE SALES 
Excellent opportunity to sell quality sewing machines while training far managerial position. 

Salary versus commission 
Liberal employee discount 
Excellent company benefits 

Apply in person 
3rd Floor Personnel Office 
Joske’s, Alam o Plaza 

 equal opportunity employer 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
Sum m er w ork, tree to w ork all su m m e r. $16o p e r w eek, c a r necessary. For appt. call Mr. 
Webb 
_______ 226-5221________ | 
E E D E L M A N N A N O C O M P A N Y is in need of o representative rn this area calling on autom otive tabers. M u st be free ta trove!. 
S a la ry , ca r and e x p e n c e s fu r­ nished. Send resum e to: Page T. 
Hudson, PO Box 8571, Shport, La. 
711o8 

EXP. SALES LADIES 
For tho** who want to aet ahead in the b u s in e s s w o rld . Top p ro d u c e rs w ill be e ligib le for management within 3o days, must have drive and initiative, able lo organize their tim e efficiently, excellent w orking hours, Income unlimited w ork in San Antonio and Local area. For interview call 
Tomm y 349 35o3 
FLO O R C O V E R IN G S A L E S 
H ave need of 2 q u alifie d floor covering so le * person 
I retail sales in store - I confract sales rn field. Both must have experience and references. Call 734-43o3 for appt. Keller Carpets 

REAL ESTATE CAREER 
W e ore accepting applications, from both licensed and unlicensed p ersons due lo e xp and ing b u si­ ness. Training by a professional staff. Colt Ray Teal or R uby I 'P P for co n fid e n tia l tn to rv le w . 
341-2222, 6451 san Pedro 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L, R E A L T O R S 
$135 Retail M gm t $135 
• F E E P A ID * 
Need IO trainees Natl. Co S2oK potential C a reer m inded fringes 
Jo h n H a m p to n 923-434o 
Jobs, 
South Placement Service 413 5W 
Military 
R E T A IL M G M T : Prominent natl co, wilt train, 5 day wk, tine benefits 
$768o 
Tom 
Snow, 
341-2551 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

$225 Ret. Cloth. M gr. 
• F E E P A ID $25owk» 
Natl. Co. needs 2, bilingual. $3oK potential John Hampton 923-436o 
Jobs south Placement Service 413 
SW Military 

Specializing Teacher placement 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Kelter 

A D V E R T IS IN G S A L E S 
Will train you now in the adver- 

Bralogy Tutor, college B io lo gy instructor will do private tutoring, 
515.oo per hour, 342-3o72. 

PO W ER LA W N M O W E R S - 5ales and service dealership. Business booming. Owner retiring. R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S B R O K E R S 696 531! 
--------------CA U W 
( T 5 <5------------- 

Finish High School at Home 
Diplom a awarded. Fo r free b ro ­ chure, call Am erican School, tool tree: 1-8oo-671-8318.______________ 
(XPR155 AND NEWS 

The City of C opperas Cove, Co ryell County, Texas, (Population 
22,5oo) is accepting applications tor the position of City Engineer. 
Applicant m ust be Texas re g is ­ tered with degree in C iv il and 
Mechanical engineering, m ust be able lo plan and design all aspects of city water, sewer and sanita­ tion e n gin e e rin g. P r io r e x p e r­ ience desired but not necessary. 
Salary open. Send resum e to John) 
W. Carlton, City M a n a ge r, P.O. 
Draw er 28o, Copperas Cove, Tex- 
. a s 76522------------------------------------- 

828-1292 rising field. Need car. Call Don 
149-4847, 349 4397. 

AUTOMOTIVE 
Le ad in g national m a n u fa ctu re r desire individual wifh knowledge of engine parts. Outies to include the selling ond service of autom o­ tive iobbers-distributors in San 
Antonio area. Com pensation in­ cludes sala rv + com m isston + ex- pense*, com pany car and excel­ lent frin g e b e n e fits. 
E X P R E S S - N E W S B O X 4365, San 
Antonio 78297 
_________ 

AU TO 
M A R K E T : a ggre ss­ ive, some college, no experience. 
515,6oo plus. Lee Baker, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G 8 S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

A P R O F E S S IO N A L P A Y C H E C K tor a professional job well done. 
Sell fine homes in Son Antonio, full or p a rt-tim e • no e x p e rie n c e needed lf you hove a year of col­ lege. or ore toking (or plan to 
I 
Form al training school + on-the- 
1ob tra in in g. We s o c ia l iz e rn buyers coming in from oat of town who make a decision rn 1-3 days 
Don I be afraid to call a m anager now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Sales people are a m ens the high­ ts! paid rn the world 
1. Immediate openings 
2. We will train 
J. M u st hove car 
4. We work leads - appl basis 
For personal interview 

COH 732*21o5 
Bright, 
E n cvc lo p a duo fcoles, new co m ­ pony, local pay. 344-6449 

 store Sa la ry plus com m issio n 
A p p ly in p e rso n o n ly C o n o ly 
Beauty Supply 41J2 Naco Perrin 
Blvd 
__________________ _ 

IH I N U M B IR TO CALI 
IS 725-1666 
{X P S fS S AND NEW S 

Experienced person needed for sales position with estab lish e d specialty food com pany. Prefer so m e college. 
S o m e t ra v e l required. Good sa la ry and ben­ efits. M ust be witling to relocate to 
Houston atter 3 m onth training period. Sand re su m e ta: Sa le s 
Suoervisor, PO Box B8186, Car- roman, Tx 75oo6 
IN THI (X M E SS Nf WS 
CALI 225-1666 

FOOD BROKER 
E x p ’d, sal + bonus, car + exp. 
I23J SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
Full time and part time sales per- sons needed. Apply in arson You 
B a t e a Boots 439 M c C a rty Rd between )-4pm________ 
F u rn itu re ste re M e rc h o n d is # 
Manager, sales M anager, a toke charge, young, aggressive, retail genious. Will share percentage of net profit. PO Box 48213, Houston, 
Tx 77o4o. 
H A V E O P E N IN G for well groo m ed in d iv id u a l to represent one of San Anton­ io’s home-owned, well es fablished, well respected service institutions. Ape, nor education not big factor, sates b ackground helpful. 
Not in su ra n ce . 
F or appointment call 225-5731, evenings 
828-3437, 
Larry 
Eide. 
H U G E D R U G CO: Fee ad. Auto, expenses. P ro gre ss to m anage­ ment $96oo+. Lee Baker, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em olovm ent Service 1o2 Rector 

Rout* soies foodlYound com pany has opening for aggressive soles person Excellent products ond distribution Send re su m e ond sala ry requirem ent to P O B o * 
17844, San Antonio, 78217. 
S A L E S 
C A S H IE R $4oo 
Sharp people to deal with No- 
! side shoppers Coll 484-868o 
Finney&Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No325 
S A L E S M A N A G E R 
We are looking for a m a n a g e r who is interested in earning not less than *4o,ooo per year M ust have experience in hiring, train­ ing and motivating sales people. 
We have u product that is needed rn every home and business. A grou n d floor opp ortunity for o qualified person. Colt M r. G at 
349-2793, 
S A L E S • M A N A G E R Costume and natural leweiry. 
Full time, 
736-4846. 
S A L E S R E P $9ooo+ C A R 
Proven track record Career 
Call Mike Metis 45/-1I23 
Snelling A Snelling Em p loym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Wider 
S A L E S R E P S 
Pick your apply* Top co'*- cal Gwen 828-4494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o! N E Loop 41o 
S A L E S T R A IN E E $9,ooo + ’ 
Not com pany. No experience. 
Degree Call Chuck 349 3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
*322 Sovereign Dr .Suite 14o 
SA T E R R IT O R Y : Potential 15K firm s yr. Auto exp pd. Call on national ca'*. Eve Long, 34) 2553 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employm ent Service 1o2 Reclor 

•SUPERVISOR* 
•ROOTE SALES* 
•DISTRIBUTOR* 
SO FT D R IN K F IR M 
Salary + Com m ission 
W e will train. M u st h a ve com m ercial license. Apply in person o n ly to Pete or A r t h u r o fte r 
2:3opm at 4238 Director Dr. T exas 
Beverage Packers 
T E L E P H O N E S A L E S P E R S O N S 
Wanted Experienced, too notch 
$125-1175 week plus bonuses. Soft selling. 684-4488 
__________ _ 
IN THI IXPRf SS NfW S 
I 
CAU 225-1666 
| 

\ 
\ 

Sixth Poge H | 

 f§o6 ABMIIIISTRATTVI 
FINAXCIM 

Express-News-—Mondoy Moy 2# 1977 

686‘ADMiMSTfiAnVE 

F ID U C IA L 
* wwwwg^wwP$ffp$u 

 tiMwctictaacitt til-amu aum l i t 

W 
- 8 C 
K 
1 M 
M 
612 
SU SKILLS TBMIS 

 to *18,ooo + Good Benefits 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
' RETAIL ACCOUNTING 
Heavy retail store accounting experience required. 
Report to Controller. Opportunity to advance. Height and weight must be in proportion. All applications held confidential. Send letter and resume (no agen­ cies, please) or call... 
Mr. Brenner or Mr. Grim m 
512-225-7163 

S O L O S E R V E C O M P A N Y 
118 Soledad, San Antonio, Texas 782o5 

682-SALES 

T E L E P H O N E S A L E S 
F U L L -P A R T T IM E 
D A Y S OR N IG H T S 
349-4397 
149-4219 
349-4347 
T E R R IT O R Y R E P : fortune SOC corp., local, life travel, exp pd 
584oo 
+ comm. 
Tom 
Snow, 
341 -TSS I 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
T ER R it o R Y S A L E S S U K + 
Put your experience on the line? 
Not co. Fee negotiable. C h u ck 
Hotmgreen 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
4322 Sovereign Or.,Suite 14o 
S H S U P F R E E A G 6 NT-tOp CO speak your own w ay to m oreSS 
Lee 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
'N orth Inc. Personnel Consultants 
.W a n te d : in d u s t r ia l P o rta b le 
Electric Tool Sate* Rep. so la ry plus cor and expenses Send re­ sum e to In d u strial Pow er Tool 
Soles M er. PO Box 47747 D allas 
Tx 
78247. 
Equal 
Opportunity 
Em ployer 
W e d e sire sale sm e n w ho need 
S5oo per wee*. O ur product is a n ecessity in eve ry home. Lead system is most unique with 5o% closing ratio. Good clo se rs can average SICO per w ee*. It inter­ ested in personal interview call 
M r G at 349-2793. 
•YOUR OWN AGENCY* 
Fo rm e rs Insurance Group otters com plete training program and all types of insurance continue present job while starting your awn agency on part time basis. 
Training and supplies furnished. 
F o r a confidential interview, con­ tact S a le s M a n a g e r , J e r r y 
M cO ougiad by calling 324-7573. 
6o4-CIVICAL 

SERVICE 
TECHNICIAN 

To train on w ork processing i equipment, 

• Must have formal training and expe­ rience on IBM Selectric typewriter 
• Must maintain sharp appearance 

C o n t a c t B o b a t 

3 4 1 - 4 4 3 1 

CIVIL ENG to S15K+ 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 

BRANCH MANAGER 
SAVINGS ASSOC 

2 or more years manqg- eriol experience 

Excellent benefits 

Reply to 

Director of Personnel 

A lam o Sav in gs Assoc. 
P .O .B o x 17527 
San Antonio, Tx 78217 
(qual Opportunity 
Employer M f 

BUSINESS OFFICE MBR needed to m anage the total oper­ ation of a business office. College degree in b u sin e ss or hospital adm inistration or related field; c o n sid e ra b le k n o w le d g e of 
M edicaid and M e d ica re re gu la ­ tions, and associated billing and collection procedures required; 3 yrs bookkeeping experience and I y r exp. in p a yro ll p re p a ra tio n necessary. A pply In p e rso n St 
Benedicts Hospital and N u rsin g 
Home 323 E. Johnson, Son Anton­ io 
222-o)71 
Eaual opportunity employer 
C O L LE C T O R *4oo lite exp. leads lo mgmt. 
Call Gwen 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
COLLECTOR 

CPA 
2-3 Years Experience 
$13,ooo-815,ooo 
LOCAL CPA FIRM 

8 2 8 - 6 2 8 1 

DESIGN MECK to S15K+ 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
DRAFTING $4 Hr 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts inc. Placem ent Service 
F E E P A ID 
P ro g ra m m e r 37o O S-V S, c o b o l , degree, $14,6oo 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 w Century Bldg 349-1373 
PARTY CHIEF 
P erson experienced in land s u r ­ veying with ability to supervice crew, call 349-31o7 tor appt. 
T R A IN E E MSO 
Good in math. D rafting helpful. 
Fast advancement. 
Rich & Associates 
Em ploym ent Service 
684oA San Pedro 826-o661 ll/ TECH 533-o991 

685-RESUMES 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
E c o n -O -R e s o u rc e s , 12o4 G a r ­ dendale, 699-1o15. 

6o6-ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

* SW EARIN G EN AV IA T IO N * 
Has these current openings: i f 
* * BOOKKEEPCR-ACCOUNTANT: * 

5 IO years experience in nil areas ♦ 

 jf. of accounts receivable. Requires ♦ 

•y. some typing. 
Degree not re- 2 $ yL. quired. 
♦ 

* 
* COST EST IM A T O R : 
* 
3^ Requites Industrial engineering J 

 background or related aircraft J 

^ menufocturing experience. 
★ 

^ lf you ore interested in know ing 

 jl, more about these openings a nd a 

 possible future with Swearingen, 
~ ..... .I iJ ...L. 
-a 
J , you should apply in person at the 
J em ployment office, Swearingen 

* 
* 
* 
* 
J 
J 

J past Blossom Athletic Center, turn 3 $ 

| J right on NE entrance Rood.) l f 

S W E A R I N O E M r f . 
J 
, « 
-»i* t 
Ymm 
J. 
4 Subsidiary vt foirtkiW M n t r it i 
”T 
. 
An fgwl Qfiyartumly employer 
• 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I t 

Aviation 
Corporation, 
In 

 ternotional Airport, San Antonio, 

Tx. (Came East on Bitters Road 

Dud to expansion, 
G M Dealer needs 

EXPERIENCED 

• BILLING/TITLE CLERK 

• ASST. OFFICE M G R . r 
Send resume to 
Express-New* 
Box 3167 

San Antonio 78297 

 all replies confidential 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
• Accounts receivable 
• A ccounts payable e Payroll 
• General leader 

Salary com mensurate with abil­ ity. Southwest S A. location. All 

 compony benefits 

 la s s o W estern W e ar 

662 3 S. Zarzam o ra 
•quo! opportunity employ et 

A (buster trainee- degree, fee pd, sot to S9,ooo 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 

F E E P A ID 
M ature person, Local, ve ry heavy accts pay. sm travel border, sts. 
$9,6oo 
Century Placem ent Service 
I S3 w Century Bldg 349-1373 
F IE L D R E P *7oo 
C a r+ e x p e n se s, ch an ce fo r fast advancement. Call 349-354! 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o 
F in a n c e M a n a ge m e n t T rain e e , male or female, S day, S65o-S7oo. 
B a n k e rs E m p lo ym e n t Se rvice , 
87oo Crawnhill, 828-6123. 
F U L L C H A R G E B O O K K E E P E R , responsible tor posting re ce iva­ bles, payables, ge n e ra l le d ge r a nd financial statem ents. Send re su m e to 
T r e a s u r e , 
11o 
Sprucewood, San Antonia 78216 
JR Accountant position avail. T E IS young and aggressive C P A firm. 
Send complete resum e including college tra n sc rip t to E x p r e s s , 
News Box 4418 S.A. 78297 

Management Trainee 
Excellent training program tor an excellent postilion. O u r unique m anagem ent train in g p ro gra m fo llo w s a w ell p la n n e d , co m , prehensive schedule and provides y o u the b e st o p p o rtu n ity to develope quickly into a m anager of a con sum er tinonce b ra n ch office. L ib e ra l e m p lo y e e p r o ­ gress Highschool graduate. Call 
342-9531 between 8-vam for appt. 
Approved for Veterans on the lob training benefits 

' ' . 
' . 
M 
O 
W 
, 
, 
_ 

Mortgage Sop. Rep S75o 
F E E P A ID 
W ork out of hom e serving H ous­ ton m ortgage co. Exp. In m ort­ gage loans or 4 y rs high grade collections 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
85oo Village at 41oE 657-1212 
The City of C o p p e ras Cove, C o­ ryell County, Texas, (Population 
22,5oo) is accepting applications for the newly created position of 
Grants Adm inistrator. Applicant m ust have p rio r e xp e rien ce In obtaining and adm inistering state and fe d e ra l g r a n t p r o g r a m s . 
Secretary and travel allow ance fu rn is h e d , a n n u a l s a l a r y 
S18,oOO.OO. Send resum e to John 
W. Carlton, City M a n a ge r, P O. 
Draw er 28o, Copperas Cove, Tex- as 76522. 
SECRETARIAL 

EXPERIENCED 
COMMERCIAL LOAN 
SECRETARY 

Needed to work at M ein Bonk & 

Trust. 2 yr*, bonk txp. preferred 

Must be neat and well groom ed 

 and able to construct cone- 

 spondence, capable of in ­ dependent judgment, typing pro­ 

 ficiency in the 
7owpm ranjM, 

 shorthand skills desired at 7o-8o wpm level. All major benefits pro- 

 vided. 
Qualified applicant* only call Dw aynnfe A n d re w s 
225-6958 betw een 9*11 a.m . 
{qual opportunity employer 

* 
* 
* 
A r ★ 
A r i t i t ★ * 
★ 
A r * 

* LEGAL SECRETARY L 

Minim um experience I year* on u 

T IBM M ag ll (or) equivalent. For 

J medium size general practice 

T firm. "S a la ry " (with benefits) 

T Commensurate with ability and 

T experience. Downtown location. 

J 
Submit resume to: 
* OFFICE MANAGER, 
* 
15oo NBC BUILDING 

J 
S A H A N T O N IO , TEX A S 7 8 2 o S 
* 

* ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ i t 

A D M IN S E C R E T A R Y O IL EXP. 
Plush office. F E E P D $7oo + 
Call Lynn 828-4494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 H E Loo# 41o 
M SO A D M . S E C R E T A R Y Sh arp self starter. Sarah 732-2191, 2*o1 
W est Ave. Job s North inc. P ar- sonnet Consultants. 
______ 

I U 
A D M IN T R A I N E E S F T ^ B 
B B A degree. Co. training p re s b n f I co. Coll R ay 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o 
ASST WORT AUDITOR a d a ys tlpm-7am. Apply in person to M r. Robert M aurlns 9am -ipm 
MENGER HOTEL 
B K ti P R $55o + 
One write syatem. Will train 
Potential, coll Carot 484-868o 
F:nney&Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Colloghon No325 
P * B O O K K E E P E R - F E i T ™ l o 
'S A L A R Y 
N E G O . 
E N T R Y 
L E V E L . C O L L E G E 
P R E F . Call Carol 684-868o 
I FinneyAAssociates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Colloghon No325 
(B O O K K E E P E R 
F E E 
P O 
Plush N S office. Call now) 
*6oo Call Lynn 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

I 
BANKING 855o+ 
J 
I 1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job I 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
$6oo 
B K K P * S E C R E T A R Y 
58oo-top Quality sk ills advance. 
Cindy 732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. 
Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consulta nts. 
■ e x e c s e c u s o T e i V d :— 
Super boss, northslde, benefits galore. Call Ethel 349-3S41 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
H 
6322 Sovereign Dr..Suite M O H 

$6oo E X E C S E C R E T A R Y - W e need y o u * A ll b e n e fits. L e e 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. J o b * 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants! 
Executive Secretary, good bonus, ho u rs, benefits, $7oo B a n k e rs 
E m p lo y m e n t 
S e rv ic e , 
87oo 
Crawnhill, 828-6123. 

SOM THI FASTEST RESULTS 
O N A WANT AO 
•Mi NUMBER TO C A U 
IS 225 1o66 
EXPRESS ANO NEW S 

General office secretary position. 
Requires typing, filing, lite dicta­ tion, transcribing and telephone receptio nist. E x p e rie n c e a n d 
Bilingual ability desired but not required. We are and E O E . Coil 
223-6)o4 for interview appointment. 
_______ 
L E G A L : Limited sec. PIO . OK. 
A p­ erea ranees intelligence a must. 
Start S65o. Cathy Cram , 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
R m p to v m e n M e i^ ^ 

This 
National 
Perso n n el 
DunhH 
PERSONNEL SERVICE 
Shit* 4f>4. (.I'M Smith 
BIM) Y U . 
Ut> 
Sun Inturn". Trxox TB’Jlfi t f l 2) .W M 714 bUHHtU* kirawWJf* «f tuduyr Mi XMlSvt prmifes a yrsfaueaat uppros.b to tfw 

*• nm tom wJC S h 
WtlffMni la aamyRyfe ibm geekThwNll ii « p*»le\siMiaf wort» tm im p«nl»i Wet yrubn bogie vtib quey I- ' Ani 
Worn!®™ oBWrsleoi Mn nevi ie eb*»r» tot tm* el »«»< UMI* boy pooelo. Alt 
Bookie peiMoei en (Priori* IU TAH) 
A TRIPLE COMBINATION! 
FEE PAID 
$7oo 

A rewording career is aw aiting yo u in this progressive, fast 

 grow ing com pany Your flexible personality and skills in 

 office m anagement, beekeeping and secretarial skills will 

 fill this com pany's needs. M ust be able to work under 

 pressure, will be delegating work toad. Doing personal 

 books for the 
President an d hondlrng confidential 

 business matters. Stable work background. Dependable 

 person. 

GROW, GROW & GROW 

FEE PAID 
56o6 

This well established com pany needs som eone with a lot 

 of drive, fast worker, one that can contribute new ideas 

 ond likes to keep busy, letters, bulletins, record keeping, 

 typing and use of dictaphone plus other general office 

 duties will be m om duties required. This com pany pro 

 m oles from within in new positions available so show 

 them what you can do and join this great team Call now. 

GET INVOLVED 

FEE PAID 
57oo 

Good typing, dictaphone experience, m em ory typewriter, 

 good telephone m anner and general office experience 

 will qualify y o u tor this position in o n exciting and grow ­ 

 in g industry. Coll now. D on 't wait to get involved. 

HELP YOURSELF 

FEE PAID 
$55o 

 lf you like pleasant w orking conditions ond w orking with 

 people this job is for you. Typing 7$wpm, dictaphone ex 

 perience and ability to coordinate busy schedule puts you 

 in the m ainstream of large, stable company. A position 

 with o future. This com pany prom otes from within. 

SECRETARY BOOKKEEPER 
• HS education 

• 6 months accounting background 

• Must type 55-6o wpm 
By appointm ent only 
SAN ANTONIO SAVINGS 
225-5631, ext. 282 
Equal Opportunity Employer M ZF 

Outside correction position is now open Call M rs Reveles 314 Gunter 
Office Bldg. 226-3329 
Com puter Science M anagem ont 
Trainee, 4 year degree, we’ll train tor m anagem ent, excellent be n ­ efits, 5 day, local, 59,66o. Bankers 
E m p lo y m e n t 
S e r v ic e , 
87oo 
Crownhill, 828-6123. 

SECRETARY 

 r^Lr 4^Lr 
+* 
«^5* 
^r ie* 
&1 

* f 
* 

Must have experience in Public 
Relations. To work in Customer 
Service Department. 

Apply 48oo Fredericksburg Rd. 

R oom 14o 

RA Y ELLISON INDUSTRIES 

OIL OR 
LEGAL 
EXPERT... 

Will get you in the door. This important VP needs good typist and shorthand of around 8o. It’s a big job but no hill for a (limber. Fee split 
.................. $7oo 
Call SHARON 

PERSONNEt 
SERVICES r W h 

18oo NE COOP 41o 
8 2 8 - 3 1 6 1 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ t 

NO FEE 
TEMPORARY 

♦ 
♦ 

Nave y o u ever w anted to w 

 earn extra tosh but not have 

 to take on the responsibil­ 

 ities of a perm anent posi­ 

 tio n? Then temporary em- e ym ent would be perfect 

 ause we have long ond 

 short term assignm ents 

 available at a high hourly 

 rote of pay. All sk im 
TYPISTS 
STENOS 
KEYPU NCH 
1o-KEY 
CLERKS 
M CST/M TST 

Y f a t k M a a le ra ^ 
A 
MAHOY Alf MT SI* VKI 
^ 4 4 3 1 C«nt«ryt*w Of 7J2-9*tA <W 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

L e g o i s e c r e ta r y , s n o rr n a n d required, sa la ry com m ensurate with skills and ability. 225-6586. 
LO A N P R O C E S S O R S75o 
C re d it e xp e rie n ce , n o rth sld e . benefits Coll A m y * 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o 

MOTEL SECRETARY $575+ 
N S motel cham needs good secre­ tary tor exciting position leading to office m gr 
Bonner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
856o Village at W 
I 657-1212 
OFFICE MGH $9o8 
F E E P A ID 
M gm t oriented in medical, insur­ ance or sim ilar field Some books, typing. S u p e rv iso r spol for an expert admin asst or exec secty m oving up 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824 9441 
85oo Village at 41oE 457-1212 
P E R S O N F R ID A Y : S6oo + one perQCoftice. a d on your own tor tine bos*! U n d o Black, 341 1551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

SIO-OMC! l u a u 

SALES SECTY 
Good typist! Dictaphone expl 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jockson-Keller 
828-1292 
S E C R E T A R Y : S6So. Beautiful office wonts wet! groom ed you! 
H urry! Call Lau ra Hill, 341-25S1 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
S E C R E T A R Y : SASO te e od! H as everything you could dream of ond m ort!! Jo Gunter, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
S E C R E T A R Y F E E P A ID ! 
$7oo growing co., career spot. 
Call M alva Block 6S7-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 R ough Rider 
__ 
S E C R E T A R Y 
Fee 
POM 
Attorney needs you! 
$6oo Coll Lynn 828-64V4 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 416__ 
555o S E C R E T A R Y for 1 girl of- fice-good skills-plush N.S. Sarah 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. J o b s 
North inc. Personnel Consultants. 

SECRETARY 
(o r autom obile sale s m an age r. 
T y p in g a n d s h o rth a n d s k il ls necessary. A pply to Joel M c M il­ la n , S M IT H C H E V R O L E T 1221 
Broodway. 223-4281 
S E C R E T A R Y S4So 
Outgoing Ind to meet- greet 
Quick raises. Call Kathy 684-8686 
FinneyAAssociates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No325 

LEGAL 
SECRETARY 

T D A I M E E 
I K 
A 
I N e e 

This prestigious law firm is seeking the bright, attrac­ tive secretary who wants to learn the legal field — of course good typing and dic­ taphone experience will be needed. You will have your own office and will take care af two new attom eys„.$65o 
Fee Paid! 
Call JOYCE 

 i-mh PERSONNEL 
SERVICES 

18oo NE LOOP 4 1o 

8 2 8 - 3 1 6 1 

THE FREEZE 
IS OFF! 

Impress this top CPA with your accounting expertise. 
Grow and prosper with this northside com pany. . 58oo 
Call M A G G IE 
PERSONNEL 
SERVICES cmh 
6243 IH-1o 
(Convenient to Wonderland] 
7 3 2 - 8 1 4 1 

KEILY GIRL 
NEEDS YOU NOW 
• long and short term 
• Good locations 

• R e g u la r R a is e s 
• Paid Vacations 

Secretaries 
Typists 
Clerks 
5tat Typists 
Stenos 
M a g Card 

NOT AN AGENCY-NEVH A FIE 

C A II O R COME IN 

K e l l y G i r l ’ 

A DIVISION OF KILLY SIBVIC IS 
4 6 o 6 Centerview Or. 
Suite 134 
7 3 6 -2 4 5 3 tqual Opportunity employ or 

BANKING 
BONUS 

One of San Antonio’s leading financial institutions needs your number-typing skill and intelligence for a credit department trainee position. 
Spacious offices and great training program for the bright beginner 
$5oo 
•nm PERSONNEL c k r !± i se rv ic e s 

6243 IH -1o 
(Convenient to Wonderland) 
732-8141 

LUTHERAN GENERAL HOSPITAL 

7o1 S. Zarzam ora 

Im m ediate O penings For 
REGISTERED NURSES: 

• K U 7-3 & 11-7 

• RECOVERY RO O M 3-1 I 

• PEDIATRICS 11-7 

• MEDICAL-SURGICAL 3-11 & 11-7 

• OPERATING RO O M 7-3 

• EMERGENCY R O O M Part Time 11 -7 

• ICU & ER Part Time Relief 

OPERATING RO O M TECHNICIAN: 
IV N 7-3 & 3-11 

Professional growth, plus facility expansion is requiring us to increase our nursing staff, lf you want a job challenge and satisfaction ... 

Call Personnel Office 434 -525 2 for convenient appointment time 

 equal opportunity employer 

LUTHERAN GENERAL HOSPITAL 
7o1 S. Z arzam o ra 

REGISTERED N U R SES — ICU 7-3 & 
11-7. Recovery Room 3-11. Operating 
Room 7-3. Pediatrics 11-7. Medical 
Surgical 
3-1 I 
& 
11-7. Emergency 
Room Part Time 11 -7. Part Time Relief 
ICU & ER. 

O PER A T IN G R O O M TECH N ICIAN 
(LYN) 7-3 & 
3-11 . Professional growth plus facility expansion is re­ quiring us to increase our Nursing 
Staff, lf you want job challenge and satisfaction, call 
Personnel 434-5252 for a convenient appt, tim e 

A n Equal Opportunity Employer 

* 
• W rn rn , * e . » 
• rn 
• 

614 SKILLS TBADFS 

• 
• 
• 
* 
* 

TRUCK ALIGNMENT MECHANIC 

The Goodyear Truck Tire Center ho* permanent position far experienced truck alignment mechanic. Goodyear benefits in­ clude: 
Ar Paid Vacation dr Free Hospitalization and Insurance 
★ Pension Program 

To apply write or call for on interview. All Information kept confidential. 
F. L. Nickeson, M a n a ge r 
G o o d y e ar Truck Tire Center 
5922 Business Park 78218 
66T-8271 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

C 
A 
R 
P 
E N 
T E R 
S 

MUST BE EXPERIENCED to do maintenance w ork in new homes 

-Call betw een 8 A .M . and IO A.M . 
3 4 9 - 1 1 1 1 extension 354 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
★ Single N eedle operators dr Sergers— Sew Sergers 
★ Trimmers 
★ Floor girl 
★ Line Supervisor 
★ Quality Control Supervisor 
Experienced only 
C M T C O R P . 
227 Lone Star Blvd. 
226-5526 

 a 

DA TA CONTROL CLERK 

★ M o n d a y - f r id a y 

* 1 1 :3 o P . M . - 8 : o o A .M . 

* E xp e rie n c e n e e d e d 
Apply In person 

FORST N ATIO N AL B A N K 

P ersonnel Departm ent 

9 a.m . - I p.m. 

E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLIC A N T S 

Advertisem ent* in these colum ns 

 ore accepted on the prem ise that 
E 
’ is offered will be filed on the 

 sis of m erit w ithout dixrim ina- 

 tion because of sex unless the iob is a 
Sonafrde occupational 

 qualification. 
EM PLO YM EN T 
AG EN CIES 

The San Antonio Private Em ploy­ 

 m ent Association has o rigid Coca 

 of Ethic* to which od its private em ploym ent agency m em bers 

 subscribe, for inform ation about private em ploym ent agencies, or 

 action on comploints, call 224- 

78o2 at the 
Better 
B usinas* 

............. 
„B 

CO M M ERC IA L CASUALTY 

IN SU RAN CE RATER 

Minimum 
I yrs. expe­ 

 rience. 
Local branch of notional company. 

Call M r. H eginbotham 

349-4221 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

\ 

^ 
♦ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
V 
. . . 
. 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
. 
♦ 
Type 6o and SH 8o, natl co. £ needs extra sharp person to ▼ 

♦ 

 f 
T a a k 
I 
EMPLOYMENT St*VICI 
A 
JB4438 CeK*r«rvt»w Or 732-9616 

JO BS 
Bookkeeper $ 6 5 o + 

A/R-A/P and 
Payroll, lite f type, strong work back­ 

 ground. 
| 
Personnel Clerk 

S 5 2 o + , type 5o accurately,! 

 at least I yr. office exp., 

 outgoing. All benefits. 
^ 
Exec. Sec. $ 6 5 o + 

 work with executive. Great A 

 benefits, fee reimbursed. 
▼ 

A C C O U N T S 
P A Y A B LE / 
P A YR O LL 
CLERK 

Individual needed w ith prior experience in com puterized 

 payroll ond accounts payable. 
A p p ly in p e rs o n : 
ST. BENEDICT H ospital 
& N u rsin g H om e 

S o u th A la m o a t J o h n so n 
(qual Opportunity employer 

61o OFFICE 8 CLERICAL 

SECRETARIES/ 
TYPISTS 
BOOKKEEPERS 

We need top performers for tem ­ 

 porary work all around the town. 

Good pay for good skills and a 

 benefit package. See how a steady 

 flow of short-ferm assignm ents fits 

 your lifestyle. Apply today. 

M 
A 
N 
P 
O 
W 
E 
R 
TEMPORARY SERVICES * 

6 3 o B r o a d w a y 
2 2 4 -9 2 5 1 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

ASCP TECHNOLOGIST 

Clinical 
Reference laboratory 

 has immediate opening in eve n ­ ing shift for ASCP Tech with 

 hem atology, serology and blood banking background. Min. 6 yrs. 

 clinical lab. exp. required. Salary 

 commensurate with training and 

 exp. 

Confact M s. Hickey 
69o-122o 

M on.-F ri. 8 o.m .-5 p.m . 

JOB SHOP SHEET METAL 
WORKER WANTED 

★ Must be experienced in print reading and close tolerance work. 
DOSCO INC 
661-5393 
Call for an appointment 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

I 
I 

LVIUs PART TIME 
7-3 and 3-11 

734-7271 

GENERAL OFFICE 

B ilin gu al 

Som e Collection experience, 

 filing, typing. Profit shoring, 
S aid vacation and holidays. 

 cod w orking conditions. 

A p p ly In P e rs o n O n ly 
Renner’s Inc. 
311 W . Com m erce 

N o P h o n e C a lls, P le a se . 

MEDICAL-DENTAL 
Positions avaitabte-many areas 
DR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 
MEDICAL-DENTAL 
Positions avoiSable-many areas 
OR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hilts Med Bldg, 69o-991o 

G E N E R A L O F F IC E S45o + 
Ambitious future, m aior co. 
Coil Carol Kleiber 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
54.2J General office $575 
Type 4o! Varied duties! 9-4:3o + I plush. Jim Snow e 923-4369 Jobs 
Soutn Placement Service 413 SW 
Military 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E SS8o + 
Com pany will train sharp typist 
Cat! M alva Black 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

S E C R E T A R Y 58oo 
P lush office awaits your skills, Call Gwen 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
S E C R E T A R Y , preferably I year experience in insurance Fantas­ tic b o ss, go o d b enefits, e a sy working condition*. Send resum e to Express News Box 4334 S A. 
78297___________ 
S E C R E T A R Y Y O DI R E CT O R™" 
Super secretary gets $6oo F E E 
PO. Coll Jan 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
S E C A e Y A R Y : Will fake beginner with typing, some lite SH. Our fee nego. Linda Black, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
S E C R E T A R Y Will kike beginner with typing, som e lite SH. O ur tee nego. Linda Block, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
^ ^ ■ S f C R E T A R Y t s d O ^ ^ H 
Y o u r skins urgently n e e d e d , Pea 
POM. Jan 128-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E L o o p 41o 
Sady-ftecpt to 5 *o C lee riegaa, none** 
Century Placement Service 
153 w Century Bldg 349-1373 
SE C Y S6oo+ F E E PO 
U n suoi pesition short day, 
Lite traveLC ali Kathy 684-1688 
FinneyAAssociates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Colloghon No32S 
Seeking legoi secretary with ex. perience in litigation m atters. 
Good fringe benefits, salary com ­ mensurate with exp. and ability. 
227-31o6 
(IO-OFFICEI c u m 

EXECUTIVE 
SECRETARY 

Prime spot with a most pres­ tigious firm. Light bookkeep­ ing is a requirement. Call to­ day ond investigate this ca­ reer opportunity. Fee Nego­ tiable ...................... 
57oo. 

Cal! BARBARA 

FEE PAID 
Receptionist $5oo + 

Nat l. co. needs sharp in ­ 

 dividual with 6 m onths or more of office exp. Type SO, 

 work in personnel closely 

 with people. 
I 

 t a s k M a s t e r s 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
I 

4438 Centerview Or 7JT 9616 ^ ^ 

♦ 
< 
M 
I - 
* 
- 
* 
- 
* 

G E N E R A L O F F IC E &45o+ 
Ambitious future, motor co. 
Call Carol Kleiber 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E $516 
So m e office e x p e rie n c e , good stable co. Call Am ve 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr..Suite 14o 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E $5oo 
Like varie ty’ T h is is it! H u rry and call Jan 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
GIRL FRIDAY 
Needed immediately, typing, light b o o k ke e p in g, fin a n c in g re ta il contracts or hom e im provem ent m anageent exp e rien ce helpful. 
Salary open. M r. Adam s, 226-4771. 

’•BANK JOBS** 
Teller trainee 
Teller ............... . 
Receptionist ........... 
New Accounts ........ 
Executive Secretary 
Keypunch 

5465 
*55o 
$5oo 
*475 
$7oo 
55oo 
Banner Personnel Service 
7o82 Son Pedro 
828-9441 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
85oo Village a1 41oE 657-1212 
*5oo Billing Clerk 56oo 
Take o rd e rs over phone. E x p - bitinguol. D ave C risp 923-4367 
Jobs South Placement Service 413 
SW Military 

 c 
PERSONNEL 
-VTI J2 SERVICES 

6 24 3 IH -1o 
(Convenient Wonderland) 
732-8141 

P U N 
AHEAD... 
FOR YOUR INTEREST 
IN A SOUD CAREER 
IN BOOKKEEPING: 

Payroll/C o m p u te .... $75o 
Full C h ig g a 
$8oo 

CPA's B o o k s.. 
$7oo 
Oil and G as/T rust.... $6oo 
Assistant Bookkeeper. $65o 

Bookkeepr/Typist.... $565 
Clerk 
........ $525 
Call FRANKIE SMITH 

 lim PERSONNEL dS2±L3 SERVICES 

WOO NE LOOP Alo 

8 2 8 - 3 1 6 1 mmm 

SEE 
~ 
KELLY GIRL 
O N SATURDAYS!! 
Because you diked far it, we're holding special 
Saturday in­ terviews from 9om-lpm during the month of May. Find out how you tan enjoy interesting tem­ porary assignment*. Hurry in to set us! 
NO? AN AGENCY - NEVER A FEE 

CALL O R COME IN 

K e l l y G i r i 

A DIVISION Of KHUT SfRVICtS 
- 4 6 o 6 Centerview Dr. 
Suite T 54 
736-2455 

B IL L IN G C L E R K *575 
Variety of duties, benefits 
Call Terri Todd 657-1123 today! 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
B K K P R *6oo+ F E E P A ID 
K e y position, advance, benefits 
Can Carol Kleiber 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
B K K P R *6oo+ F E E P A ID 
Key position, advance, benefits 
Call Carol Kleiber 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
B O O K K E E P E R : Not FC. S6oO plus. Professional vet relaxed 
Office. Call Lau ra Hill, 341-25$! 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

INSURANCE RATER 
In su ra n ce co m p a n y needs rate clerk. At least 1-3 y rs experience. 
Call M rs. Jungm ann 736-2411 
Insurance Trainee S45o 
Work In motor insurance co. cus­ tomer service. W ork up to rater. 
Role beginner iob if you type well 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
85oo Village ot 41oE 657-1212 
INVENTORY CLERK 
Mature, stable person! Type, IO kev! Good co benefits! Gloria 
,82+o227 Job Placem ents Em p loy­ ment Service 5316 San Pedro 
KEYPUNCH $4.25+ hr 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 

*475 Bookkeeping Clerk *575 
Acct, pcy-to key touch-col.-lite type-posting-ins. + pro. sh o rin g 
+ 4o hr +N ait. Co. Dave Crisp. 
923-4367 Job s South Placem ent 
Service 413 SW M ilitary 
Bright beginner, sm ins, exp. sts 
*4,8oo, raises 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 

Maternity Trainee 
$45o 
M g r . tra in e e fo r e x p e c ta n t mother com pany. Sales + train ing in buying and retail + comm. 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
85oo Village af 41oE 657-1212 

RICH & ASSOCIATES 
E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
F-C bookkeeper-Fee neg. ... *7oo 
General office-fee pd .......... S54o 
Audio Technician .............. 56oo 
Secretary no s h h d ............. 56oo 
Receptionist .......................S4So 
Credit clerk ..................... 555o 
Bookkeeper ..................... 565o 
Jr. Secretary ..................... *565 
Bank trainee .................... 5425 
M gr. trainee bilingual .........*55o 
Accounts pavable-rec 
555o 
684o-A San Pedro 826-o661 

$4oo S a l e s C le r k s $455 
Any exp. helps! Full time! P e r­ m a n e n t. N e e d 4. J o y c e B e st 
923-4369 Jobs South Placem ent 
Service 413 SW Military 
56oo Secretary *7oo 
• F E E P A ID * 
Type 6o-sh 8o-plush ole. 4o hrs. wk. Ike Kelly 923-4366 Jobs South 
Placement 
Service 
413 
SW 
Military 

Medical Transcriber: M ust have m inim um 2 v rs experience with h o sp ita l d ic ta tio n . M u s t be available to w ork weekends. E x ­ cellent salary + 8 % differential and e xce lle n t b e n e fits. A p p ly 
Personnel Office, B e xa r County 
Hospital 45o2 Medical Dr. 696-3o3o 
Ext 
221. 
Eaual opportunity employer___________ 
! 
{ N U R S E S A ID E S } all shifts use y o u r skills. Lee 732-2191, 25o1 
W ast Ave. Jobs N orth inc. P e r­ sonnel Consultants. 
P harm acist needed for indepen­ dent business. Excellent working con ditions, good s a la ry , g o o d benefits, Call 224-5o93. 
R E C E P T IO N IS T for solo internist a i Oak H ills M e d ica l B u ild in g, m ust be experienced in medical field, references required. M on- dav-Fridav, 8:3o-5:3o, 696-2821. 
$55o RECEPTIONIST 
Exp. in D r’s office. N-side 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828-1292 

Tvpist, good hours, paid benefits, 
5 day, $55o Bankers Em ploym ent 
Service, 87oo Crownhill, 828-6123. 
U n u su a l opp ortunity with fast grow ing im porter with national distribution. Strength in all office skills, typing, filing, calculator, etc. required. E xp in soles orders, and inventroy desirable. S a la ry open depending on qualifications. 
342-1559 Anne Wilson. 

Registered N urse for progressive office, a s s e s s m e n t a n d m a n ­ agem ent s k ills helpful. S a la ry com m ensurate with experience. 
New graduate considered. Reply to Express New s Box 4329 S A. 
78297 
R E T IR E D P H Y S IC IA N S 
R E S ID E N T S 
G P S P E C IA L IS T S 
N am e your h o u rs for p h y sica l exam s in our San Antonio M edical office. Top pay, pleasant working conditions. 
Call 
Collect 
(213) 
347-15oo. 

SHOP FOREMAN 
Light M etalw orking 
Second Shift 

Long hours and hard work. Must be bright, dedicated and determined and must be good at math including geometry and trig. 

Should have several years of supervisory experience involving fabrication and assembly. 

Call 656-o259 ofter 7 p.m. and weekends 

 e q u a l op p o rtun ity e m p lo y e r 

Experienced 
PLANT 
MANAGER 

W a n t e d ! 

Heavy experienced in ladies better dresses and sportswear. 
Must be bilingual and relocate to 
Laredo, Texas. Must be capable of taking care of entire operation on a pro­ fitable basis. 
Excellent salary, profit shoring, compony benefits. Send resume to-. 

M r. H o w ard D an iels 

3 8 o 9 P a r r y A v e . 
D a lla s , T X 7 5 2 2 6 

{q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

Vibrant Front Desk S55o 
R e c p t fo r m a lo r co. A n s w e r phone, front desk pro and som e typing. NS, good benefit* 
Bonner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
85oo Village a141oE 657-1212 
592WK P B X O P E R A T O R off wee­ kends 3-11 shift. Rosie 732-2191, 
25o1 W est Ave. Jobs N orth Inc. 
Personnel Consultants. 

RN-LVN 
H-7 

Colden Manor 736-4544 

612 MEDICAL 

R N s end L V N s applications being a cc e p te d to r s ta ff re lie f a n d private duty. p art o r full time. 
C h o o se sh ift a n d h o u rs . 
Hom em akers Upiohn 224-2341 

52.5o office Cashier S2.75hr 
Good with figures-bilingual«!8up! 
E sth e r M o re n o 923-436o Jo b s 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary_________ ________ ______ _ 
Office Lady; 5 afternoons a week 
12:3o to 4:3o. So m e tra d in g of hours permitted. Congenial peo­ ple, M ust live with-in 4 m iles of 
Rhapsody Street. $2.3o per hour. 
344-2585. 
P B X , 5 day, *52o 
B a n k e rs Em p loym ent Service, 
87oo Crownhill, 828-6123. 
P E S O N A L IT Y : 
Looks, charm end poise ore keys. Lite type, no SH 
St. to *8oo. Jo Gunter, 341-255! 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 

A cc o u n tin g cle rk, S Say, $525 
B a n k e rs Em p lo ym e n t Se rvice , 
87oo Crownhiil, 828-6123. 
A cco u n t* payab le cle rk I to 2 years experience in general office or accounts payable, northeast location. Eaual Opportunity Cm - player. 82+9481. 

A C C O U N T S P A Y A B L E 
Must be experienced. Salary open 
RO O T C A N D L E CO 223-294o 
A C C O U N T S R E C E IV A B L E 
C L E R K . Coll 736-4666 
Accural Clerk, good with figures, 
5 day, $55o B anker! Em ploym ent 
Service, 87oo Crownhili, 828-6123. 

CASHIER $2.5o tin 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Expert* inc. Placement Service 
________________________________ 
Clinical laboratory needs T Y P IS T ; Receptionist Typist, 5 day, Paid for 3-1 lpm shift. M ust type at least be n e fits, 55oo B a n k e r s E m - 
65wpm, Coil M s Hickey 69o-122o plovment Service, 87oo Crownhill, 
<8om-5pm M on-Fri) Eaual ap aor- 
828-6123._________________________ 
Bratty fm pleygr 
, r e C E p t i o n i ST $5oo 
Public contact, good benefits 
Coll Terri Todd 657-1)23 now I 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

C U S T O M E R S E R V IC E 
Super personality gets you 5475+ 
Call Jan now 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
P O L IC Y W R IT E R 
Auto and fire plus Jenera! office. 
Permanent position 226 6246 
57oo F E E P A ID : National co offers too sercretoriel position 
Rewarding. Cathy Cram , 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

R E C E P T IO N IS T $45o 
Meed and greet people, sales at­ tice. Call Ethel 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o___ 

F E E P D : $6oo to post journals 
+ aceta ability gets lop spot. 
N S attice! Kitty Kirk, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 

R E C E P T IO N IST 
Experienced very helpful 
Apply Boyd Newby 
N ew by's Hair Styling 4o1 Isom R d 
Suite 31o 349-2272 

AIRPORT DESK 
$433 
M eet and areel public, tun iob in airport for outgoing personality. 
Uniform s furnished 
Banner Personnel Service inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
82+9441 
85oo Village at 41oE 657-1212 
A Very Special Service 
New Day Personnel Consultants 
9o1 N E LOOP 41o- 828-6494 

FLOWER GIRL 

RECEPTIONIST 
B u sy N.E. desk. Will advance! 
Type 5o! Pleasant phone voice! 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828-1292 

C A U 2 2 *-1 a a * 

(H I N U M 8 U TD CAIL 
IS 225-16+o tX P tfSS AND N IW 5 

THI ACTION HUMBLE 
(OB tAST SL5ULT5 
P IA C I YOUK WANT AO m TMI IX P f ISS NEWS 
CALI 225-1666 

Some exp. os flower designer to manege nursery and learn bu si­ ness. Salary negotiable D O E 
Banner Personnel Service me 
7o82 San Pedro 
82+9441 
85oo village a1 41oE 657-1212 
Full charge Bookkeeper capable of m aintaining book* of o riginal entry and general ledger. P le a ­ sant N orthside location, s a la ry com m ensurate with experience and ability. Respond in your own handwriting and include earnings history. R e p ly to E x p r e s s ond 
News Box No. 4375, 78297 
Fuji chg books, ailing, fee nego- bable, 57,2oo 
Cenfu/y Placem en! Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 

R E C E P T IO N IS T 
545o 
Co. will train-Gen. office 
Call Lynn now 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
R E C E P T : $6oo! Fee pd! lf you are outgoing, type this D r's e tc is ideal! Kitty Kirk, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service 1o2 Rector 
R E C O R D C L E R K 5445 
Lite typing, good personality, tost 
Odvance. Ethel 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o toe TAST RESULTS 
P IA O TOUS WANT AD 
IN THE (XPBlSS NtW S 
CALL 225-1666 

R A D IO IM M U N O A S SA Y 
TECHNOLOGIST 

 needed in expanding reference 

 laboratory. Experience in RIA 

 testing essential. Salary « m - 

 m ensurate with exp. and 

 training. 

Contact M s Hickey 

69o-122o 

 equal opportunity employer 

A S S T R E C E P T IO N IS T for northside periodontal office. 
M ust be attractive, outgoing per­ son with som e math background. 
Experience necessary. 344-3381. 
C H IE F R A D IO L O G IC T E C H ­ 
N O L O G IS T , opening in p rivate office, salary open. Send in q u ir­ ies, qualifications and experience to the E x p r e s s and N ew s B o x 
4379, Son Antonia, T X 78297. 
COOK for nursing home. E x p e r­ ience p re fe rre d but w ill tra in w illing dependable em p loyees 
Apply in person, SA N P E D R O 
M A N O R , 616 W. Russell, 732-5181 

R N s and L V N s needed full and! part time, ail shifts. Non-sm okers please apply Ioam -12 H illsid e 
M anor 831o Gault Lone. 828-o6o6 
T rainee for H u m an O rg a n Pre-: servation, operating room exper-i ience required, bilingual, sala ry j com m ensurate with experience.; 
Paid life and medical insurance,' other benefits, C all 732-4762 or; 
732-6559 tor in te rvie w a p p o in t-1 ment. 
Eaual 
Opportunity! 
Em ployer 
; 
TWO RNs NEEDED j 
•Assistant Director of N urses 
•Supervisor 3-11 
Non-sm okers please apply 1o-12 al Hillside M anor 828-o6o6 ______ 

KELLY 
LIGHT INDUSTRIAL 
NEEDS YOU NOW 

Tem porary assignm ent* available 

W A I T E R S , W A I T R E S S E S 

W A R E H O U S E W 
O R K 

A S S E M B L Y L I N E W 
O R K 

And Other Choice Assignm ent* 

NOT AN AGENCY— 
NIVER A FEI 

Call or Come in 

K E L L Y 

S E R V I C E S 
46o6 Centerview 
Suite 154 
736-2455 

 equal opportunity em ployer 

CHURCH’S FRIED 
CHICKEN 

Manufacturing 
Depart­ 

 ment has immediate open­ 

 ing for sheet metal grinder 

 ond finisher. Some exper­ 

 ience with stainless steel 

 required. 

Assembly man with some 

 electrical and mechanical 

 experience necessary. 

Please call 

735-9392 ext 376 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

HEAVY DUTY 
TRUCK 
TECHNICIANS 
WANTED 

5 

Iit 
M ission 
Chevrolet 
Needs 
Ex- A 

 periented Technician for Diesel ★ 

J and Gasoline, H eavy Duty Trucks J 
^ nnrf Alliinn Trnncmiccinn 
^ 

2x4 
L U T H E R A N 
H O S P IT A L 
G E N E R A L 

614 SKILLS-TRADES 

+ 
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
J 
♦ 
* 
* 
* 
* 

AUTO 
MECHANICS 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 

We are looking for general 

 laborers who can work either short or long term 

 assignments. Home phone ond car necessary. 

A p p l y d a i l y f r o m 9 - 3 . 

 and Allison Transmission. 

Great Com pony Benefits, Hospi­ 

 talization Insurance Plan, Paid 

Vacation, Uniform Allowance. 

• Equal Opportunity 
Employer • 

A pply in 
Person to 
FRED 
V A U G H N , 
OR 
HARVEY 
HABY, 
OR 
LAW ERANCE JETTER 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12oo S.E. M ilita ry Dr. 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I 

STRONG MEN 
NEEDED 

♦ TECHNICIANS ? .M A N P O W E R ! 

Construction 
$4 per hour. field 

DR. NEEDS HELP! 
L V N d a y * 
RN days ............ 
Med, Transcriber 
Dietitian A D A .... 
Bookkeeper 

*525 
5575 
*55o 
Open 
*65o 
Receptionist ............................... $55o 
M a n y medical lobs open 
Bonner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
85oo Village of 41o8 657-1212 
Experienced Dental Receptionist, northside, toke X-roys. 349-3396 
F u ll tim e ch flirsid e a ss ista n t, m inim um 2 y r* experience. M ust take X-rays. *3.75 per hour. O nly qualified applicants considered. 
A p p lic a n ts w ill be th o ro u g h ly tested. 82+6628 
LV N Director of nurses for n u r s-; ing home. M rs Holm es 924 5533. 
; 

★ 
Mission Chevrolet Needs Trained 

X Technicians, 
N.I.A.S.E. or 
T Chevrolet* Approved Only. Great 

T Company Benefits, Hospitoliza- 

T hon 
Insurance 
Pion, 
Paid 

^ Vacation, Uniform Allowance, 

 j . 
• Equ al O p p o rtu n ity 

E m p lo y e r • 

J Apply in Person to FRED 
J VAUGHN, 
OR 
HARVEY 

★ HABY, OR LAWERANCE JET- 

J TER 
: 
MISSION 
I CHEVROLET 

X 12oo S.E. M ilita ry Dr. 

 tem porary services 

321 B r o o k ly n 
2 2 4 -9 2 5 3 j 

Equal Opportunity Employer ii 

LV N for relief 
69o-9974 
11-7 shift, ceil 
♦ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ + 

C A B IN E T M A K E R + C U T O U T 
M AN -Exp. S3.5o up 3o day raises. 
Rosie 732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. 
Job* 
North inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants. 
C A B IN ET M A K E R 
Experience N e c e ssa ry , 733-9117 
A sk F o r M r R o se n b u s h . 34oo 
F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd. N o rth sid e 
Building Materials 
C A R D R IV E R S , apply in person. 
South T e x a s T ire T e st Fleet, 
Devine, Tx. 819 N. Transportation 
Dr. 
C A R P E N T E R , experienced only, ond laborers. Apply after 6pm at 
2o3 Lemur. 732-68o7 
C A R P E N T E R ^ ' m ust be exper- ienced, call for an appointment, 
49+39o9 

LVN FUSI Time 3-11 
922-2761 
L V N 7-3, immediate opening. R e ­ sidential center for handicapped children. Call tor appointm ent, 
M rs. Rine, 923-75o3. 

A IR C R A F T P R O P E L L E R M L 
C H AN IC needed. 342-4452. 
B A R B E R , male or female, north- side. Call M on-Fn, 826-9283 

L V N N E E D E D 
All Shifts, 3-11, 11-7, 7-3. Apply in person at St. Benedict H ospital and N ursing Home. South A lam o at Johnson, 222-o171. E q u a l Op- portunity Em ployer._____________ 
LV N Part-Time, Northslde 
68+3194 
UN A WANT AO 
THI NUMBER TO CAU 
TS 225-1666 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

Building Maintenance - janitorial and lite repair duties. Prefer ex­ perience. Apply in person Standio 
Laboratory Inc. 293o E. Houston 
8-11 am or l-4pm 
_ 
B u rglar alarm service m an need­ ed immediately, night hours, only those experience need apply. 
22+124o. 
___________________ 
Busin e ss m achine salesm an de­ sirin g m anagem ent opportunity with grow ing com pony, s a la ry open. Call 342-3124 for appt. 
IN THE EXPRESS. NEWS 
CAU 225-1666 

* SOO C A R P E N T E R S H E L P E R 5- co benefits and advancem ent. 
Cindy 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. 
Jobs 
North inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants. 
C A R P E N T E R S N E E D E D fo r 
F R A M IN G . No less than 5 yrs. exp. Apply 5ooo NW Industrial Dr, or coll 684-76oo between 5-8 M F. 
CARPENTERS 
Residential Construction 
349-3544 

CARPENTER to $4.5o+ 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 

3 4 1 - 8 2 9 1 

C O M P O SIT IO N S H IN G L E R S 
M U ST H A V E C R E W 
Contact M ike Beldon 341-31o1 
C O N C R E T E F IN IS H E R S 
B R ID G E C A R P E N T E R S 
S T E E L T IE R S 
E O E m p lo ye r p ayin g T H D p a y scale. 222-o6o6 
D E S IG N E R for northside nursery and florist. Call Jam es 733-9854 

BIESEL MECH to S6hr 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts inc. Placement Service 
*75o D IS P A T C H E R S U P E R V I- 
SOR-top lob for career person. 
Sarah 732-2191, 2$oi W est Ave. 
Jobs 
North inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants. 
$115 Dock Work $155 
L g . C o .I 
P r o m o t io n s sp o t! 
N e o t -2 !+ need 4. j im S n o w e 
923-4369 jo b s South Placem ent 
Service 413 SW Military 
*5oo D R IV E R S 57oo-Comm. lie. local or intrastale-need 6. Cindy 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve. Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 

56oo up! Forklift exp and com m lie nee! Need 5 today! Gloria 
824-o227 Job Placem ents Em ploy ment Service 5316 Son Pedro 
E x p auto m echanic to m aintain s m a ll fleet of v e h ic le s. G o o d benefits include furnished house ond utilities. 434-o681, 656-8248. 

EXPRISS AND NEW5 
C A U 225-1666 

15o86757 

W 
E 
I S 
S 
M 
E 
W 
S B 
O 
H 
U 
S A 
M 
B 
I 
S u m s S J V 
. 

^ 
^ 
■ 
T 
I X 
A 
S 
S 
I Z 
E 
S 
A 
V 
I N 
G 
S 
. . . 
# 

MOH c o m m e r c ia l ; 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

J m 
J m w 
F m r n w 
^ 
M 
P 
I p f 
QUICK RESULTS! 

615 HWD DEMIK SERVICES 
616 - FQOO-flRHUK SFRViCfS 
616 FOODBRIWK SERVICES 616 FOOD-OR1NK SERVICES 
62o RfiPRMTR) 

Si 
LOOKING FOR A FUTURE? jj 
I J: 
Naugle’s is coming to San Antonio! 

I * * 
J O ; 
Iq I 
A Family type fast food drive-thru restaurant, Open 24 hours, We are 

See^ 'n9 mature adults as full and regularly scheduled part-time lead 

 i O i empl°yees’ ^ sM t s available. Must be neat appearing, aggressive, and I J * 

)! ^as1 moving. Will train. Shift Managers will be promoted from within. 
I X * 

 for application call toll Free 8oo-854-31o2 or 854-31o4 between 9 

*o|* arr,‘ anc^ -* P-m * California time. Ask for Jolene. Your completed ap­ 

 plication will be accepted in person at 425o Fredericksburg Road on May 

IO, ll, and 12,1977. 

We are an Equal Opportunity Employment Company with paid annual 

 vacation, birthdays off, and m any other benefits. 

62o • HELP WANTED B i 

^ ■ M I S a i L A N E Q U S 

JACK IN TH! BOX 
FAMILY RESTAURANTS 
Needs Night People 
♦ Port time position from 
IO p.m -3 a.m. 
Mature end stable in* dividual* grow with on in­ dustry (coder which offers! 
• Paid Vocation 
• Hospitalization lf you ore alert, responsi­ ble and a night owl, apply in person 8 a.m.-S p.m. 
1o7o1. Court 
Seguin 
No phone calls please ieee) Opportunity t.nptpypr 

!• : 

• : k : 

............................................... ............ 

614 -SKILLS- TRM S 

T R U C K D R IV E l 

W A N T E D 
HAIKU am u COMPANY blin wed of o tow (motional fir** old mcmW lunk Arbon, (I po noncod I in rottto hauling oporoliont, applicgnto milt. 
P9SMU on omifonf driving rot Old end work record end trust worthy, lf you moot tkp above qualifications we offer' paid vocations, wiuronce pion, peed sick leave, hospital plea, lop (alary emf a gueranteed minimum salary, for further ktformefiett end opplicaltans. 
Confact: 
MATT HOHMANN 
OR TIM MASSIE 
Doily from 8AM-5PM 
O R C O M E B Y 
HARRELL CATTIE CO 
HW Y 9o A 
GONZALES, TEXAS 

OFFSET PRESSMAN ftp. offset pressman, great op­ portunity to advance os a craftsman You will learn to operate the newest 2 and 3 color rotary forms presses. 
Good pay, excellent working conditions, oil fringe benefits, including profit shoring. 
Professional 
Business Forms 
227-5321 
_ 

N 
I M 
* * 1 < 
# 
» » 
» g f j j g 

SERVICE STATION 
MANAGER 

Must be experienced in 
Service 
Station work and management. 
Attractive salary + paid vacation and bonus. 
Apply in person only 
43o2 Broadway 
Wheeler’s Texaco 

EXPERIENCED 
FRY COOK 

Apply in person 

 little Red Barn Steak House 

19o2 S. Hackberry 

W AITRESSES 

 apply in person 

LITTLE RED BARN 
STEAK HOUSE 
1836 S. Hackberry 

EVENING 
DINNER COOK 

2 yrs. minimum broiler and saute experience. Hove own transportation. 

 apply in person 
M y Place 
Restaurant 
7114 Blanco Rd. at loop 41o 

M aurice Ferrell 

3 4 4 -6 2 1 4 

MORNING WAITRESS 
Needed Immediately 
» Experience and depend­ ability required 
» Must Have own trons- 
* potation 
► Hours 
7:3o o.m.-4:QQ p.m., 
Tues.-friday and 
6:3o a.m.-3:oo p.m., 
Saturday and Sunday. 
Call between 9:3o a.m.-5:QQ p m. 
492-1o63 

 ask for Mrs. Neiman 
C A N Y O N CREEK 
CO U N TRY CLUB 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

H E L P N E E D E D 
Y oung m ature m en to w ork in tim ber fab.shop. No experience necessary. M a y gra d u a te s w el­ come. Caff: 
Between 4-5PM...696-7387 
Between 6-8PM...435-8663 

I 
I 

EXPERIENCED 
UTILITY 
FOREMAN 
Water and Sewer 
* Fringe Benefits 
STICH 
CONTRACTING 
IN C . 
3 4 2 - 3 1 8 8 
After 6 pm. 
4 9 2 - 2 6 7 1 jg^ 
4 9 2 - 2 6 

AIR CONDITIONING 
SE R V IC E M A N 
EXPERIENCED 

Top wages with a reli­ able company. Must be willing to move to the 
San Angelo Market. 

7 3 2 - 6 5 4 4 

EXPERIENCED MACHINE 
MAINTENANCE 
MECHANIC 

Needed by established garment manufacture. 
Good benefits. 
Salary open. Apply in person: 
SANTONE 
INDUSTRIES 
6818$. ZARZAMORA 

1 .o .1 . 

HOT ROOFERS 
Sub contract with kettle and tools. 
N O R T H E A S T 
B U IL D E R S , 
349-4191 

$2.5o hr Dock W orkers 
$3.5ohr 
M u sc le s-w illin g to work-permanent+ raises. Esth e r M oreno 
923-436o 
J o b s 
South 
Placem ent Service 413 
SW Military 
S3.5o hr Machinist SS.OOhr 
Need 8 tod ay-m ore exp. m o re money Ike Kelly 923-4366 Job s 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military 
S3.oohr Parts Counter S3.5ohr 
Start today! A + co. with future. 
Ike K e lly 923-4366 Job s South 
Placement 
Service 
413 
SW 
Military 
Im m ediate openings, asse m b ly line w o rk fo r m o d u la r h o m e builder. M inim um wage and up, depending on experience. A pply in person. Timely Homes, 11315 N. 
Weidener Rd. 
L A Y O U T 
Local tim b er fab.m an u factu re r 
Needs mature person to work in shop. M ust be fam iliar with blue­ prin ts. S tru c tu ra l steel e x p e r­ ience very helpful. Cali: 
Between 4-5PM...696-7387 
Between 6-8PM...435-8663 
S3.2S Line Mechanic S5hr 
Exp. or school trained O K + own tools. Jim Snowe 923-4369 
Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military 
M A N OR W O M AN , m echanically inclined tor interesting position. 
Sales experience helpful, and you m ay double your present income if you Qualify. C all for appoint­ ment 227-o18o. 
M E C K D R A F T S M A N S8oo 
Asso. Degree desirable. Trig, background. Call Bill 684-868o 
Finnev&Associates Personnel 
C onsultants 5835 Callaghan No325 
M o to rc y c le M e c h a n ic , exp in 
Honda, Hariey, own tools, 661-2212 

614 -SKILLS-TRADES 

Service Station Attendant 
518 Austin Hwy., 826-o142 
Sham poo Girl 
Roots Unisex. 349-3246. 
SHEETMETAL S3 hr 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
S45o S H IP P IN G - E E C E IV iN G - r o t ra in s h a rd w o rk e rs. N e e d 4 
C ind y 732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. 
Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants. 

WAITRESS 
NEEDED FOR 
NIGHTCLUB 
IN 

U N IV E R S A L 

C ITY 
C A LL 6 5 8 -o 8 o 8 

S T A R T W O R K T O D A Y -Serv sin. attends.-mgrs. 732-2)91, 25o1 West 
Ave Jobs North Inc. Personnel 
Consultants. 
Structural Steel Detailer Checker I for preparation and or checking I of structural shop. Detail draw - I ings. No design work. M in im u n experience 3 years, salary based on experience, frin g e benefits. 
Call 512-385-6727. 

WAITRESS 

THE CHICKEN SHACK 
COFFEE SHOP 

4125 GARDENDALE 
699-1o33 

ST, ANTHONY HOTEL 

Is now accepting applications from 
EXPERIENCED PERSONNEL 

For th e fo llo w in g 
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

• COOKS — With experience in all areas 

 of cooking 

• PANTRY PERSONNEL 

• KITCHEN PERSONNEL 

• BELL ATTENDENTS 

• GENERAL MECHANICS — with experience in refrigeration, heat, light, power. 

 lf you desire ideal working conditions in a progressive work environment that offers excellent employee benefits, pay and career opportunities, apply between the hours of 8 a.rn .-5 p.m., 
Monday-Friday at: 

ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 
Em ploym ent Center 
3oo E. Travis 
(At N ava rro St. Side) 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

CARRIERS NEEDED 
Do You: 

Need to earn up to $2oo.oo a month for 2 hrs. work each morning. 

Must have reliable transportation. 
Morning Routes open 

 in: W e stw o o d V illa g e * 
V a lle y Hi A re as * 
Call 22 5-741 I - ext. 126 
Betw een 8:oo a.m. & 5:oo p.m. 
After 5:oo p.m. Coll 
S. McKinney 674-7o75 or 
F. Mack 922-3294 

62o KELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

C O U P LE N E E D E D 
AS HOUSE PARENTS 

For o group Foster Home for boys. Centrally located in Son Antonio, Tx. Good salary and benefits. 

Presbyterian 
Childrens Home & 
Service Agency 
224-1756 

*225 PER 

E x p re ss-N e w s— 
M o n d a y M a y 2, 1 9 7 7 
Se ve n th P a g e 

A U T O M O T I V E 
" ) ( £ » ) in 
. 
7o2 726 - TOREISN SFORTSOARS 
FoREI6N SPGRTSCARS 
7o2726 - FOREIGN SFORTSEABS 

VOLKSWAGENS 
N E W "7 7 ,S 
ALL M O D E L S 
SAVE!! 
O N SALE N O W 
SEE U S BEFORE 
Y O U B U Y ! 

V 
ONE OF 
THE FASTEST 
SELLING IMPORTS. 
. 
S T A T IO N W A G O N S & 
C O U P E S. 
V 
1 9 7 7 
SUBARU 

STANDARD $ 3 2 2 o 
SEDAN 
Plus Tax, Till* 8 liens*. 

WEEK fiuaronteed alary, order in­ stallation department, no ex­ perience necessary, compony will train, must hove own transportation 

(qual Opportunity Implorer 
Coll 735-61 SI 

COMPANY EXPANDING 
Port time jobs 
$95 a week 
Full Time Summer 
Positions Available 
$19o per week 
For information call 

USED CAR SPECIALS! 
’7 4 S U B A R U Wagon...................... *1 8 9 5 
‘73 SUBARU Sedan...................... *1795 
’75 V W “la Grand Bug 
...... *2895 
*75 V W Compar, Pap Top (2 )......... ‘5495 
*76 B M W 2oo2 ..7 ...T ,.............*6995 
‘74 HORNET Hatdibaik, auto., air , , . * 1 9 9 5 

*7 5 V W Rabbit 
...........................‘2 8 9 5 
7 3 V W fatback, on .....................* 2 3 9 5 
‘7 4 V W Bushel W ag o n .................* 2 5 9 5 
‘7 6 P IN T O 
2 dr , 4 speed.............. ‘2 5 9 5 
'7 3 C H E V Y Nova, standard, a i r 
* 2 o 9 5 
*7 4 L U V Pickup 
................. 
* 2 1 9 5 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
<®i 
SUBARU & BMW rn 
W 
4 6 2 3 Fredericksburg Rd. 7 3 2 -7 1 2 1 
^ 3 / 
Acrose from Wonderland at Fredericksburg Rd. 

341-22o5 
C O N ST R U C T IO N L A B O R E R S 
653-7723 
C O U N T E R P A R T S M A N 
Top pay need im mediately 
924-4481 United Personnel C o n ­ sultants 666-C S.W M ilitary D r 

628-Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

T E L E P H O N E 
S O L IC IT O R S , work from your home, could you i use $3o $4o per week working oar* time in your own home, coll Dixie, 
924-9681 between 9 am 12 3opm 

DELIVERY PERSONS 
F o * M o t h e r s D a y W e e k e n d 
L A V E R N E S F L O W E R S , 344-3423 
ECOLOGY MINDED 
Attractive, well groomed, ecology minded women needed tor public relations, display and sales Full 
Or part time. Coll M r. A. 349-27V3 
Experienced telephone solicitors, full time, salary plus com m ission. 
734 7257 
E x p e r in e c e d T r u c k D r i v e r s 
Wanted 492-2146 
FASHION IWO TWENTY 
C osm etics p art tim e available. 
M ature woman only. Call 344 1891. 
F LO O R C O V E R IN G H E L P E R S 
Steady work M ust be reliable and h a ve tra n sp o rta tio n . C e n tra l 
Floor Covering, 653 4451 

GOOD OPPORTUNITY 
Retail liauor chain needs full time soles Clerk for northside stores 
Age over 35 preferred Retuil ex perience ol some kind preferred, no necessarily liquors. Polygraph exam required All com pany ben­ efits A pply in p erson Don s & 
Ben's 6oo3 West Ave at Loop 41o 

 t e x a s A r m y g u a r d m o *. part time opening 
Mulfi channel 
Operators; Telephone installers, telephone R e p a irm a n ; C o o k *, 
M echanics; Sw itchboard O p e ra ­ tors. 
Will tram with pay. 
512-226-2o1o. 
W A N T E D A P A R T M E N T H ouse 
M aintenance M an. F o r to Unit complex, knowledge of air condi- lionmg, pool etc. 349-8o65 
W onted: N eed A m a n a g e m e n t people, part time Prefer af least 
24 and married. Call 681 13o9 
W A R E H O U S E and D E L IV E R Y , commercia! license required Call 
Neum an D istrib u tin g C o m p a n y 
2254125 tor appt 
___ ____________ 

622 -DOMESTIC 

B abysitter w anted for two ch il­ dren, $8o month 736-5721 
C o u p le w a n te d to w o rk on 
Country Estate, house furnished, plus salary Coll 455-8821 for info 
Exp e rie n ce d m aid I or g e n e ra l housework, som e laundry, M on 
Wed-Fri. Top salary. 826 1116 

S U R V E Y P A R T Y C H IE F and R O D M A N - C H A IN M A N 
Consulting engineering firm has openings for Survey party chief and rodm an chainm an, with ex- perience on property surveys and subdivision layout. Salaries com ­ m e n su ra te with a b ilitie s. C a ll 
349-o151 for appt. 
$8oo $1o5o T E A C H E R S -R sw ard ! 
E x c itin g new fie ld -sa la rv for learning. Lee 732-2191, 25o1 West 
Ave. Jobs North Inc. Personnel 
Consultants. 
T H E T E X A S A R M Y N A T IO N A L 
G U A R D H A S O P E N IN S F O R ; 
C O O K S ... M E C H A N I C S ...C O M ­ 
M U N IC A T IO N S 
F IR E D I R E C ­ 
T IO N P E R S O N N E L . . C L E R K S- 
...C A N N O N EE R ..TRUCK 
D R IV E R S ...F IN A N C E 
S P E C IA L IS T S 
One weekend per month and two weeks in summer. 512-226-2691 

E X P E R I E N C E D 
STRUCTURAL 
FITTERS (LAY OUT) 
Apply 1o619 IH 35 N 
9A M -4PM or call 

65 5 -7 1 3 o 
E Q U A L O P P O R T U N I T Y 
E M P L O Y E R 

N E E D 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
R E M O D E L IN G C A R P E N T E R . 
Dependable own tools and tra n ­ sportation (prefer truck). 
N O R T H E A S T 
B U IL D E R S 
349-4191 
Need Experience Carpet and or 
Tile Installer, T o p Pay, M o stly 
C o m m e rc ia l 
W o rk . 
G O R E 
F LO O R S 323 S W M IL IT A R Y D R . 
924-6241 _____________________ 
N E W S T O R E O P E N IN G 
N E E D T IR E C H A N G E R S 
F R O N T E N D M E C H A N IC 
M U F F L E R M A N 
E x p e rie n c e d B E E F B O N E R 
O nly e x p e rie n ce d need c o p y . w anted. P r iv e t l P a c k in g Co., 
1-4o5-6o51 or 4o5-288-2418 

EXPERIENCED SURVEY 
PARTY CHIEF 
Top wages and benefits 
N E E D NOW 
655-7223 
E x p e r ie n c e d m a n ic u r is t a n d sculptured nail artist. Coll for interview 341-59o4, 341-4221 o r ofter 6 696-8854. 
Experien ced Joh nson E v in ru d e 
O B m echanic, have norm al m e­ chanic tools, 4o hr w ork week. 
$2oo per week if qualified Call 
648-1341. 

Contact Don 736-4516 <8am-6pm> 
O P E N IN G S for experienced air con ditioning re frig e ra tio n m e­ chanics and sheet metal m echan­ ics. P e rm a n e n t e m p lo y m e n t. 
Contact Jerry Parkis, P arkis A ir 
Conditioning Com pony,Inc., 8o7 E 
5th, Odessa, Texas 915-332-1296 

$3.15 Trainees $4 hr 
• F E E R E IM B U R S E D * 
2iupi Need 15! two shifts! 5 days. 
Jo h n H a m p to n 923-436o 
J o b s 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military__________ 
T ru ck d riv e r and utility m an, must know city, hourly pay rate approxim ately $65o per month. 
All applications to A.J. Ploch Oil 
Co., Inc. 5747 Dietrich Rd 4-5pm doily tor interview. No phone calls please. 
Truck Driver and mechanic. Haul h e avy con stru ction eq uip m ent and lite m echanic work. 492-2195 
8-4:3o. EO E. 
Typew riter repairm an with elec­ tronic experience desiring m an ­ agem ent duties and opportunity with g ro w in g com pany, s a la ry open. Call 342-3124 for appt. 

COOKS AND WAITRESSES 
Apply in person 15o8 Broadw ay, 
Pig Stand no. 29. 
COUNTER HELP 
M ust be attractive and have neat appearance 
Apply in person 
Whopperburger 
2922 
West 
IO: 1 o a m — 2 p m 
Ave. 

Dancers Wanted 
Go-Go Exotic. Top salory 226 2514 
7 3 D IN N E R COOK, 3-11 and 117 
S H O R T O R D E R C O O K A N D 
W A IT R E S S . Call (or an appoint- ment, 699-154o. 
D IS H W A S H E R 
K IT C H E N H E L P 
Start $2 an hr. M onday to Satur­ day, m ust hove own transporta­ tion. Apply E l Jacalito, 146 N. WW 
White Rd 

C A R R IER S NEEDED 
D O Y O U : 
NEED TO EARN UP TO $2o o.o o A M O N T H FOR 2 
HRS. W O R K EACH M O R N IN G , 
MUST HAVE RELIABLE TRANSPORTATIO N! 
M O R N IN G ROUTES OPEN IN: 
NORTH OF LOO P 41o 
PERRIN BEITEL 
CALL 
N A C O G D O CH ES 
6 5 5 -7 2 o 4 
H O LLYW O O D PA RK 
CALL 
SA N PEDRO 
6 5 6 -o o 9 9 
BABCOCK 
CALL 
BA NDERA RD. 
225-7411 ext. 13o* between I p.m. 8* 5 p.m. 
SOUTH OF LO O P 4 1 o 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
A o i 
I Y O U 
RO LLING R ID G E g A S T O M 3 5 o 8 1 - 1 7 y a 

U N IVERSAL CITY AREA 
TO 
K IR B Y — CALL 225-741 I ext. I JO 
BETWEEN I P.M. & 5 P.M. 
San Antonio Express 
An (qual Opportunity Impi oyer 

G R O U N D S K E E P E R 
C A R E I a k t R-Fuii time, varied; outdoor ch ore s, C a n y o n L a k e ; facility living quarters available I 
341 3334 ext 43. 

HOUSEKEEP COOK 
Will tram l ive on estate in private quarters. 
Utilities furnished. 6 day w ork week, split shift, pinier m atured widow or retired Bilingual M ust be in good health, quiet, reserved and have references. P a y open for discussion Call E X . 696-8317 
6pm 9pm during week. 

I AY t>AYS 
SPEC IA L S A V IN G S ! 
W A S 
N O W 
*7 5 M O N T E C A R L O ton do u.... 
$389$ 
$ 3 3 9 3 
'7 5 G R A N T O R IN O Coup# ............... 
$3393 
$ 2 9 9 5 
*7 5 C H E V Y M A L IB U 4-di.................... 
$3195 
$ 2 8 9 5 
*7 5 P L Y M O U T H Ouster, fully loaded 
$2995 
$ 2 5 9 5 
'7 3 B U IC K Century luxus w agon 
$299$ 
$ 2 4 9 5 
*7 4 P O N T IA C Catalina 4 dr. .. ........... 
$2595 
$ 2 2 9 5 
’7 4 C H E V Y Betain 4-dr......................... 
$2895 
$ 2 2 9 5 
*7 5 V W R A B B IT , air ...................... 
$2695 
$ 2 2 9 5 
'7 4 F O R D Cran Torino W agon ................ 
$259$ 
$ 2 1 9 5 
*7 5 V W B u g , auto.......................... . 
$249$ 
$ 1 9 9 5 
'7 3 B U IC K LeSabre Custom 4-dr.................. $239$ 
$ 1 7 9 5 
*7 2 C H IV Y Kingswoed wagon, loaded 
$199$ 
$ 1 5 9 5 
*71 O L D S 88 4-dr .Hardtop 
.............$189$ 
$ 1 4 9 5 
’7 4 A M C Grem lin................................ 
$1695 
$ $ 2 9 5 
* ON SPOT FINANCING 
* {AST TERMS TO QUALIFIED BUYERS f, 
* ORIN EVENINGS 
Ti lid 
3 o o 3 S.W . M ilitary Or. 
I*—•*-’ 
911 U I S o n trot 

 m CORVETTE 
•41 Corvette Both tops, new tires, paint, upholstery. 4J6So ar offer. 
I 428 1188 anytime, 
75 C orvette C o n v e rtib le w ith hm mop. power, air, low mileage, 
17495 878-4718. 

H A N D Y M A N to help In elan shop. 
14o/ W. Hildebrand. 

HOLIDAY DRIVERS needed for Mother s Day. $3 per hour or com m ission. M ust have own transportation. Call 699-o281 or 828 6827 

HOLIDAY HELP 
Students, kids, etc. needed to sell flowers for M other's Day. $3 per hour or com m ission. Transoarta- tion provided. 699-o281 or 178-6822 

EXP. DIET COOK 
Please apply 1o-12 Hillside Manor, 
831o Gouit Lone. 828-o6o6______ _ 
Experienced w aitress. A pply in person 
Pat and G la d y s Coffc 
Shop, 2814 Goliad.________________ 
E x p e rie n c e d 
W A IT R E S S E S needed. Apply between 2-5,7 days week. H u n g ry F a rm e r Ste ak - house, 2119 SW M ilitary Dr. 
E xp e rie n ce d C on te n d re ss w a i­ tress, apply in person between IO am-4 pm, Fidd ler s Green, 56oo 
Walzem Rd, 656-3168 or 733-o246 
E x p e rie n e d C o o k s a n d W a i­ tresses needed at Billy R 's, No. 88, apply in person at 918 N. Main. 

V ictoria, T e x a s 
A v a i l a b l e I m m e d i a t e l y 
Dealer wanted in Victoria, Texas to service the 
San Antonio Express-News home delivery and newstand customers. 
G ood transportation needed and bondable. Good pay. 
C a ll collect 
San Antonio Express-News 
1-512-225-7411 
/ ext. I I 4 or 115 attn: J. S. Smith an equal opportunity employer 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
W e need 23 am bitious people who ore seeking an opportunity for advancem ent for our se le ctive a d v e r tis in g dept , m a r k e t in g t ra in in g p ro g ra m , a n d m g m t training program 
Com pany training provided 
No experience necessary 
O u r co m p a n y is e x p e rie n c in g trem endous grow th rn 1977, we are se e k in g y o u n g m in d e d in ­ dividuals to loin our team through entry level positions. We offer tm excellent care e r w ith d y n a m ic growth potential 
342-5226 Ext 121 ask tor Personnel M anager 
Ja n ito r, full tim e, m u st d riv e . 
Salary depending on experience. 
House of Neighborly Service 4o7 
N. Calaveras. 434-23o1 

HOUSEKEEPER 
Live-ln. M ust speak E nglish Tap 
Sa la ry. E x p e rie n c e and re fe r­ ences required. S days. 344-9652; 
344-648o 
H O U S E K E E P E R , Com panion for elderly lady, live in 824 9816 
L iv e in C o m p a n io n fo r h o n dtcapped male student em ployed accountant. Send resum e to 4o32 
E.Southerns*, Apt 2-1o5, % A., Tx 
78222. 
Live in M aid , p riv a te q u a rte rs. 
H o u se k e e p in g a n d ch ild c c re . 
696-5323; 684-2427, 225-6561 
L IV E - IN M A ID for hou se w ork , la u n d ry and ch ild ca re . M u s t speak English. R e f s required. 
653-4141 
M ature lady live-in housekeeper, speak English, ref. 734-5849 
M ature lady, live ut housekeeper, speak some English 714 4679 
R E N T - F R E E Apt. iii e xc h an ge fo r infant c h ild c a re 5 d a y s a week. Ref. 533-o42o after 5. 

T a n i t o r - U t i l i t y m a n fuTi time. M ust apply in person at 343o 
E. Commerce. _______ 
L O O K IN G FO R A 
P A R T T IM E C A R E E R ? 
Beeline rn hom e fashion show s ore fun and arofilablc too all you need is 4 hours, 4 days or even­ in gs a week tor 8 show s. F re e w ard rob e + profit. C a r n e ce s­ sary, 21 + . Call 226-23o3 for m ore into 

IP 

S7oo-UP R O U T E SA LE S-e x p . or trainee-nat'l co Sarah. 732 2191, 
25o1 W est Ave. Jobs N orth Inc. 
Personnel Consultants. 

VW Mechanic needed 
Good w orking conditions, Salary open. Contact Service M anager, 
915-692-91oo. 
_ 
W A N T E D ; C A R P E T L A Y E R 
A N D H E L P E R also rug cleaning helper. Call M r. Ellis, M agic C a r­ pet 344-8785 

Full and part tim e cooks, w a i­ tresses, dishwashers. Dos Am igos 
Mexican Restaurant, 8624 Jones 
Maltsberger. 

W anted now : e x p e rie n c e d boners, steak cutters, and meat packers. Apply 222 E Cevaltos, or call 227-2426 for appointment. 

F U L L O R P A R T T IM E 
C O U N T E R OR 
B U S H E L P 
Apply in person only before H a m i ar atter ?pm 
B IL L M IL L E R B A R BO 
2456 H arry W urzbach equal opportunity employer 
Good looking, sharp Cocktil wai- i tresses and one good looking male I bartender neeoed now 732-V829 
' 

54oo-57oo W A R E H O U S E D R IV E R co odvancement-need 4 now. Sa ­ rah 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

Pest Control firm needs helpful 
H E L P E R S . M ust have own tran­ sp o rta tio n to a n d fro m w o rk. 
R e fe re n ce s re a u ire d . M u st be bondable. Call 342-2482. 

W H IT E B U F F A L O C O R P needs e x p e rie n c e d c a rp e n te rs w ith tools. Call Don after 6P M 344-9654. 

HALLELUJAH HOLLYWOOD 
W A IT R E S S E S 
1o)27 Goodnight 
341-3448 
Apply in person after 7prtt 

P I C T U R E 
F R A M E R , e x p e r ­ ienced, excellent opportunity, 
349-o121. 

E X P E R I E N C E D T A P E A N D 
F L O A T E R . D e p e n d a b le , ow n tools anransporation 
(prefer truck) 
N O R T H E A S T 
B U IL D E R S , 
349-4191 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
T IR E 
C H A N G E R , sa la ry co m m e n su r­ ate with experience, apply in per­ son, 17o2 SW M ilitary Dr. Littleton 
Tire C o 
. 
' ___ 
E X P E R I E N C E D B R A K E A N D 
F R O N T E N D M an, sa la ry pius commission, apply in person, 17o2 
SW Military Or Littleton Tire Co. 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
DO G 
G R O O M E R 
Apply in person, 
2336 
E 
Southerns*. 
________________ _ 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
H A IR D R E S S E R 
Good benefits, vacation 
M aurice’s 826-3265 _______ 

P L A N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
E st. film p a c k a g in g p rin te r, lam inator, bag mfg. needs exp. production m achinery mechanic. 
Electronic and lathe exp desira­ ble References, perm anent, co. benefits salary open 222-968B 
P L U M B E R w a n te d to in s t a ll water softeners. Call 736-6234 

$2oowk Windshield Installer 525o wk 
Heavy exp. tor A A A dealer -great hrs. Joyce Best 923-4369 Jo b s 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military 
_ 
W orking Supervisor for m anufac­ turing plant. Clerical w ork and production, ideal for retired mill- tory. 225-3158. 

616 > FOoO-DBINK SERVICES 

Branding Iron Restaurant 
N O R T H S T A R M A L L 

LOOKING FOR A FUTURE 

• O v e r $ I .OOO per month 
• $ 2 o o per month car allowance 
• Monthly clothing allowance 
• Free hospitalization, including $ 1 o ,o o o life insurance and allow a 2-week all expense paid vacation to the men and women who are willing to give themselves a chance rather than taking a chance. 
W AKE UP 
Dont disqualify yourself! N a experience necessary - all you need is the right attitude. 
INVESTIGATE 
APPLY IN PERSON MONDAY, MAY 2, AT I P.M. 

HOLIDAY IN N N W IN IO & VANCE JACKSON EMPIRE ROOM 
ABSOLUTELY NO PHONE CALLS. ASK FOR MR. BURCH 

M a in te n a n c e m a n w ith la rg e apartm ent com plex. P lu m b in g, electrical and heating experience e sse n tia l. L o c a l r e fe re n c e s reauired 
Apt (urn. Apply 
116 
Vanderheck 

Wanted: live-in housekeeper. Call 
494 3713 
Y oung executive d e sire s live in mold. Send resum e ta E x p r e s s 
News Box 44o9, 78297. 

624- SITUATIONS WANTED 

C e rtifie d P u b lic A c c o u n t a n t w a n ts p a rt-tim e e m p lo y m e n t. 
533-9o61, offer 12 noon. 
C hild care, m y hom e, vic in ity 
West 
Ave. 
• 
Vance 
Jackson 
342-5939 

73 cbRvr rn: m ust slit 
U t 5515o. 679 7156 
'A* C O R V E T T E New 427 molar,I speed, new m ags and tires. Cull 
534 5891. 
C O R V E T T E S - Alw ays a few good ones to choose Irani at the right prices at 
C L A S S IC C O A C H W O R K * 
1)4o7 san Pedro 344 2o15 
75 Corvette. White, very clean 
Excellent cond 11,ooo mi. 578oo. 
735-OA59; eves 684 3341. 
76 Stingray 4 speed, fully loaded. 
S87oo 227 2281 ext. 68, 8 to 5 

-7o9 - DATSUN 

 cc 

D A T S U N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658 6271 
72 Datsun 12oo. 2-dr.. auto I ow mileage, air, radio. 
Clean. 
534-1419. 
1971 D o tso n 12oo se d a n . N ew tires 36 M P G *. Very nice) 51295 
342-7718 
•74 Datsun 71o 4-spd., very qood cond 
Looking tor nice hom e 
736 1374 
/.I D A T SU N 74o2. mr, blue 
R O B IN S O N S S P O R T S C A R S 
o34J B R O A D W A Y 

7 6 M ERC ED ES 
B E N Z 4 5 o S I 

2 tops, 
Silver, 
Red leather, like 
New, 
1o,719 Miles, loaded, 
Show Room Condition. 
$22,5oo 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 

5 1 4 lo o p 4 1 o NE 
(Across from the Airport) 

8 2 8 - o 7 2 3 

718-PORSCHE 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AU Kl 
1236 N E. COOP 41o 
82+1214 
•62 P o rsc h e Coupe N ew paint, new leather interior Air, E xce l* lent condition. 545oo 22.5 5861. 
•7o Porsche 916 6 CVI factory in­ stalled v u eng, ani tm, air. like new 924-24o1. 

‘73 Datsun 74o-1. Auto Excellent condition New disc brakes, steel radials, (.if shocks, air, A M - F M 
*36oo 874 o1oo_____________ 
T i B a t SU N N oz. fully equipped extra dean 57995 9o“„ financing available 274-4419 
•75 Datsun 78o2 Loaded, original owner must sell! *4995. E v e s and weekends 341-16o2 

72 T 4J 2 , aufo, oir, $),oL 225-72*1 before 6, weekends. 
532-9316 after 6 and 

1974 26o2. loaded, M U S T S E L L ! 
SJ9V5. 82+ SUB?. 

C O L O R E D Lady wants days work or steady job Ret. 225 oo98, 
E X P f e f t f E N C B D W o m a n w ill fake care of sick or elderly No tivo in Ref. 532-4C79. 
Experienced Babysitter and hou­ sekeeper needs work 
Call 
227-8998 

(.Tanager Trainees to learn excit­ ing new business with N ational 
Firm. call 656-8646. 
M atu re person for estab lish e d sandwich route going out of town. 
T ra n sp o rta tio n fu rn ish e d . N o 
Phone Calls! Apply 3613 S. Presa. 

MEN AND WOMEN 
F U L L - P A R T T IM E 
Due to expansion in the Son A n ­ tonio afea, we have openings tho* must be filled immediately. Rapid a d v a n c e m e n t, no e x p e rie n c e necessary. 342-5228 
M usician looking for a partner. 
826-7o92 

MB. OUNOERBAK’S 
W IN D SO R P A R K M A L L has openings for em ployer with some background in institutional and-or short order cooking. Inter­ ested applicants apply in person 

P R E S S E R - P o rt tim e. A p p ly 
Hollywood Cleaners, 9o6 N New 
Braunfels 
Press operator wanted Good op­ portunity tor e x p e rie n ce d A B 
Dick 36Q operator. Call 826-3255 
9am-5pm. 

E X P . 
P O R T R A IT 
P H O T O ­ 
G R A P H E R fo r h ig h v o lu m e studio. M ust have experience with 
35mm camera. 828-5586 
Finish Carpenters Needed: 2818 
N E Loop 41o, P e lic a n 's W harf. 
Call 657-222o 
_____________ __ 
FLO O R C O V E R IN G M E C H A N IC 
First class hard surface m echan­ ic needed fo r fu ll tim e e m ­ ployment. M ust be top-notch and have reterenees. Call 734-43o3 for appt. Keller Carpets___________ 
F O U N D R Y F O R E M A N 
Manganese steel foundry needs a practical experien ced fo u n d ry man Willing to lake a full respon­ sibility for molding and core room o p e ra tio n s. S h o u ld be e x p e r ­ ienced in green sand m olding. 
Strong su p e rviso ry skills and a good se n se of o r g a n iz a t io n required. P le a se send re su m e and solary requirem ents to John 
Ew ing PO Box 9132 San Antonio 
782o4 
F U R N IT U R E R E F IN IS H E R , top pay. apply The Finishing Touch 
112o P o rrid g e . 349-3689_________ 
Hairdresser exp needed ll-7pm at 
271o Culebra at N. Gen M c Mullen. 
Call M rs RIOS 432-9741. G u a ra n ­ teed plus com mission.__________ 

P r o fe ss io n a l 
F L O R A L 
D E ­ 
SIG N E R , m ust be experience. 
684-4343__________________________ 
Progre ssive com pony needs A S ­ 
S E M B L Y L IN E W O R K E R . 4o hr week. Experience with m aterial handling and m echanical ability helpful. O pportunity for a d v a n ­ cement Call 661-5374 for appt. 
R O O F E R S 
Comp. Roofers, M ust be exp.# A l­ so need 1 sheet metal man, out­ side. 349-72o1 

BARTENDER 
5 nights, I day. 
G ood w age s 
Call Maurice Ferrell or Bill Stephens 
344-6214 
M y Place 
Restaurant 

NEED IMMEDIATELY 
Experienced Restaurant and C a ­ tering Cook. A ir F o rce V illa ge 
Foundation 4917 Ravensw ood Dr. 
673-2761 Ext 12 
N E E D W A IT R E S S E S IM M E D IA ­ 
T E L Y , split shift, 6 days a week 
A ir F o rc e V illa g e F o u n d a tio n 
673-2761 Ext 12________ _________ _ 
Part lim e barm aid, dependable, willing to work. 732-o258_________ 
R E T IR E D , reliable, on around head cook for relief and vacation ] w ork, h o u rs 6am -l :3opm . C oll 
534-2892 ofter 6 p m _____________ 

WANTED 
Supervisor 

Over 21 years of age. Good driving Record. 
Working with young people ages 13-17. Need station wagon 7 passenger or van 

CALL PETE 826-6878 

A n Equal O pportunity Em ployer 

N eed o ctive p e rso n to h a n d le evening coin la u n d ry duties at nieghborhood w oshuteria. M u st be a m b itio u s, p e rm a n e n t a n d d e p e n d a b le 
A p p ly a n y d a y 
3-8PM, HOS W. French af Blanco. 
No calfs. 
P A R T T IM E E M P L O Y M E N T 
Cor and phone helpful, Oaily pay. 
Peakload Tem porary Service SIO 
N M ain 225-6o2o 
P E R M A N E N T P O S IT IO N fo r 
Reliable, m ature couple. M ust be experienced in apartm ent m ain ­ tenance and op eration. R e f e r ­ ences. R eply to B ox 132o3. Sa n 
Antonio, Tx. 78216 
Persons needed to train for part time w ork a s L A D Y P A C K E R S for local m oving and storage firm. 
Requirem ent* are: must hove car and telephone A pply in person 
!-4pm weekdays 
Towne Services 8923 Aero Lane 
Relief desk clerk, exp only. 3-11 
Sat and Sun. A p p ly in p a rso n , 
Rum ada Inn, 1131 Austin Hwy. 

H usband wife team d esire p o s i­ tion m anaging M e xican re sta u r­ ant. IS y r s exp. r u n n in g ow n 
M e xica n food to go re stau ran t. 
We do all cooking, will '( locale if necessary. Exp ress Box 4328 
L A D Y wnnis steady 5 days work. 
Ref. Call 223-12o9. 

71o♦EMT 

71 F i a t 124, 4-cioor S E D A tT 're a l nice' *995 Coll 
272 9121_________ 
•73 F ia t 128, J d o o r S e d a n 
4-speed, air, radio. *1475 or best 
Offer. 684-7826 after 6. 
•74 F iat 174 4 dr w agon, 4spd, radials, air, stereo, low miles, 
6/1 5391._______________ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
■71 Fiat 85o ideal for Dune Buggy! 
53oo, Call: 494 2663 
74 F IA T 124 Spider *3695 
222-9121 
IS iU 

7o1 - ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

Antique, classic C A R A U C T IO N 
Sunday M ay, IS 
T E X A S T R A N S P O R T A T IO N 
M U S E U M 
Consign your cor for tale 
225-2681 
65 Cadillac Fleetwood, 5575. in* quire at I H I Roosevelt__________ 
1929 C H E V R O L E T . Com plete, 
4 door 
Sedan. 
$7oo. 
673-1o28, 
675-233o 

■71 F IA T 124 S P ID E R *2695 Calf: 
222 9121 
+ 9 'Fiat Spider e o n ve rfib ie.' (TS mpg). Good condition. 653 5849 
'75 F IA T 124 Sport C oupe, a ir conditioned, A M -F M stereo, $3695 
Call 222 9121______________________ 
74 " V IA T " 124 Sport Coupe 52695 
Coll: 222 9121 
77 Fiat 174 Wagon, auto, am" tm, 
$1195 691 4372, I 535 4473 

53 Chevrolet Pickup, new engine, c h ro m e w h e e ls, a m -tm , new paint, excellent condition $15oo 
633-o586. 

F IA T W A G O N $79o, 35 M P G 
R U N S A N O L O O K S G O O D ' 
R A C K ON TOP, G O O D T IR E S . 
828-6959____________ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
FO R S A L E 
72 M C B in excellent condition 
Call 
625-5967 
New 
Braunfels 

719 PEUGEOT 

75 P E U G E O T 1 J,OOO m ile*, im - maculate, $525o. 696 4675 

721 - SUBARU 
74 HUBARD SUSS 
4-door Sedan, 4-tpeed with a ir conditioning 
J A M IS O N M tr* Seguin 723-52o1 
•76 SU B A R U ." S-speed,l i k e new! 
Cull 497-7895. 
__ ___ 

722-TOYOTA__________ 

" " " ' a l a m o TO Y O T A 
1 . 
A cross Fro m Airport 828-o723 
524 N.E. LO O P 41o 
>\ C E L IC A $148o 
O r Best Offer— 224-6956 
I f YOU C A N & o v a b e t t e r " " 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R T H A N AT 
D R E Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 
73 T O Y O T A C A R IN A 2 -d b o r hardtop, auto factory air. clean. 
* 1495. yQ-ofmancing available. 
224-4419 
71 Toyota C orona Deluxe. Auto, heater, a m rad io , a q u a co lo r. 
Saves gas! 33/ 45)9. 
Toyota Corona ‘74 4 dr., auto , 
A M - F M , a ir, r a d ia ls . C e llt u 
RC 118. Excellent. $2495. B ro n * lien s 736-1625, after 5: 73? 64/5. 
TO YO TA O F SA N A N T O N IO 
17o3 S.E. M IL IT A R Y O R IV E 
924-9451_________ 
$696. ‘69 T i v o t A Standard 
Air, fe rm i availab le , calf R ic h 
Hood or Fred Baron, 341-5571 

711 

■4o C H E V Y C O U P E. Like new, bv second owner. 
$3ooo firm. 
67S-o434 

‘7? C O U P E 59/5 
38,5oo nit, clean. 826-3184 
*76 H O N D A CIVKt, clean 

'41 C H E V Y P IC K U P 
A jewel! $1795 654 1oo1. 
■ AO C orvalr, 65,ooo m iles, p ra c ­ tic a lly dent fre e 
R u n s go o d . 
Needs pain! and upholstery. Al- dnch, 824-4122. 

Low Mileage, air conditioning 
$2395. 
BOS N A L A M O ____________726-3551 

74 H O N O A C IV IC Hatchback, air, auto, 1 owner. 684-4694. 

723 - TRIUMPH_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

A L A M O SP O R T S C A R ', 
Authorized Soles and Service 
Trium ph Alfa Rom eo 
31 lf B R O A D W A Y 828 551 1 
I i tm , fully loaded, airt tm itir- eo, 8 frock, air. $58oo .141-7o3o 
•ii T R IU M P H GT6, M a rk III ex fro clean $1595 9o*»financtn<g available cat! 224-4419 

36 Ford Fastback, kept original! 
42,ooo mi. *5ooo 922-9796 
____ 
■59 fo rd Galoxle 5oo convertible” 
Auto, pow er steering, clee too. 
N e e d s little bod y w o rk. $2/95 
1-379-3299; I 379-2313. 

Group of Antique and special in­ terest cars to sold Sal. M a y 7th. at lpm. 924-6469 
A L A M O A U T O A U C T IO N 
33oo S W M IL IT A R Y Dr 

1977 H O N D A S E D A N 
SI o95 
725-7111 

712-JAGUAR 

■74 J A G U A R Roadster, au tom a­ tic, air conditioned, A M -F M ster­ eo. Full power, extra clean! Call: 
222-9121 
T i J A G U A R X K E 2 + 2, power, autom atic, tra n sm issio n . $6985 
Call: 222-9121 

69 H U R S T O L D S, collectors edi­ tion. Excellent condition, factory extra*. Firm . 128oo. 826-1569 after 
4:3o p m. 

714 * MAZDA 

W A IT R E S S A N D B A R T E N D E R 
No experience, 333-2o53 

$6oo Rt. Drivers $12oo 
• F E E R E IM B U R S E D * 
Up early-off early-Natl. Co. trains beginner. John Hampton 923-436o 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 413 
SW Military 
SEAMSTRESS 
Experienced, ladies apparel. E x ­ cellent benefits. Apply in person 
M E N G E R S M A R T SH O P, North 
Star Mall 
_____ 
S E C U R IT Y G U A R D S 
Licensed and experienced 
337-672o 

H eavy Equipm ent O perators tor blade, loader end scraper. 
349-5489 

Serviceman-Mechanic 
A N D -O R 
Construction Equipment 
Exp e rie n ce in trouble shooting and re p a ir of m e c h a n ic al, h y ­ draulic and DC electrical system s required. G ood sa lo ry and ben­ efits. Call 512-732-2131 or send resume to 
Closner Equip. Ca., Inc 
PO Box 7328 San Antonio 782o7 
CAU 225-1666 

W A IT R E S S E S A N D 
S A L A D G IR L S 
Full time. Age IS or over. H ungry 
Form er 6318 San Pedro 
_______ 
W A IT R E S S E S , full tim e. K I T ­ 
C H E N H E L P , full and part time. 
A pply in person, E l C h ico Res- tourant, 123 NW Loop 41o. 
W A IT R E S S , experienced, clean 
LaP olm o Restaurant 7oo S. Santa 
Rosa, no phone coils please______ 
W aitress, fast, experienced and honest, hrs 8-5. Coll 534-2892 atter 
6pm____________ __________________ 
W e ste rn B a r M a id w a n te d ! 
Southside. 732-6135 

62o - Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

A P A R T M E N T 'M A N A G E R A N D 
■ a k a k a k a k s k a k alc a k a k a k a k a s s i s t a n t m a n a g e r s n e e d - 
I E D G re o( N o lth sld e location. 

Attractive "experienced B a ri en- a o t 
Sfi', 

618-PART TIMP 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
C O O K S 
£ 

 w 
Southern M a n o r needs 7 
C o o k s with institu- w 
(tonal experience. 

S L it K now ledge of diets <Jf y preferred. 
^ 

4 $ 
C o n ta c t T o n y B a d e n 
4 4 
44 
656-78oo 
44 
Monday-Friday 
44 

• ) L 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em p loyer 
4 ( * 

 dress and Waitresses. P lays pool 
5114 S. Presa. 
B A Y O U S Seafood Restaurant needs Evening Shift CO O K S, F R Y 
COOK. 2617 waconwheel 828-5726 
COOK and W A IT R E S S E S 
Evening and graveyard shifts apply In person 
B IL L Y R s 
98 N E LO O P 41o 
See Mr. Duran fHf NUMBER TO CAU 
15 125 1666 
I X PR ISS AND N I WS 

A P A R T M E N T JO B S O F S.A 
828-9196 
Em ploym ent Consultants 
A Part time service station atten­ dant. A p p ly 43o2 B r o a d w a y . 
W heeler's Texaco. 
I APT. M A N A G E R N E E D E D , Ser- 
! vice Couple preferred N o exp. 
: hUFessury- Kelly areo. 341-9359 

APT. MANAGER 
: F u ll time, experienced. P re fe r 
I H U D exp. Need own transporta 
; flan. N ot r e q u ire d to liv e on 
— premises. For apt call 225-2858 

PART TIME 

SUM M ER TIME 

EMPLOYMENT 

DELIVER M O R N IN G 
EXPRESS 

TO APT. HOUSES 

I Vt to 2 hrs. Each A.M. 

A R E A S : 

EVERS and WURZBACH 

PINN OAK and OAKDALE 

Profit according to size of route 

CALL 1o:3o AM-9:oo PM 
673-1467 

 o n eq u al opportunity em ployer 

HOTEL 
• M A ID S 
• F R O N T O F F IC E 
• A U D IT IN G 
• Engineer (nice sal ary to experienced engineer) 

A pply 
Gunter 

A P T M O R . exp retired couple preferred for sm all lu xu ry apt. i 
34M262, 342 4442__________ _ 
ASST MANAGER 
L o ca l n o rth sid e co n ve n ie n c e store has immediate opening foi a ssistant m anager. M u st have same cash register experience f o ly g ra p h exam required . All om pany benefits. A pply in per- 1 son 6oo3 West A ve at Loop 41o. 
Don s & Ben's 

RELIEF MANAGER 
WILL TRAIN 
F u ll tim e. O p p o rtu n ity to od 
Vance. Age no factor Need cor. 
Convenience store Apply in per son 
Office upstairs. 
7o8 
W 
Summit. 
| 

ROUTE DRIVER to se rv ic e (low er stands. $12o g u a ra n te e d or c o m m iss io n . 4 1 days. Call 699-o281 or 828-6822 
School Bus Drivers Needed Good j lob fo r re tire d p e rs o n n e l,! h o u se w ife , stu d e n ts or sh ift w orkers. Excellent port-fime ra­ dome and fringe benefits. We will train qualified applicants. M ust be 
Between 2t-6o 
A p p ly at the 
T a ro n sp o rla tto n office, 1o333, 
Broadw ay, M onday thru Friday, 
7(17 - flAPRI 
8 JO n a m , i2:3o-«pm . O r ca ll 
, u ' uw rni 
655-421o ext 315. 

66 M U ST A N G , low mileage 
_______ I owner, 924 o331_________ 
■57 N O M A D . 327 auto , m v, paint and upholstery. 
$25oo tit rn. 
675 o434. 

M u s t S E L L ‘76 M azdu Air, ex­ cellent condition. $2oo down, as 
Sump balance. 653-1419. 

■/I trium ph Spitfire, convertible, gau d con dition, *1,5oo or b e st 
Offer, 653 2148.__________ _ 
■73 T R IU M P H T IU 
Blue, wire wheel*, clean 
R O B IN S O N ’S S P O R T S C A R S 
8343 B R O A D W A Y 
• Ii TR/, loaded, yellow, IS,OGU miles. $59oo. 732 2194, 435-7214, 

724-VOLKSWAGEN 

DEPENDABLE VWS 
69 Squorerunk. Automatic ...... 
71 Baho Bug 16oocc I J' wheels 
'71 Fastback, Radio ................ 
71 Super, air, PM radio ....... 
7 2 Super, radio, 29,ooo mi 
73 Super A M -F M Sunroof air 
*73 red Bug Radio, C L E A N ! ___ 
'74 T h in g ’ with Radials .......... 
‘75 Scirocco A M F M tape, blue 
655-1131 

1957 N O M A D , beautiful! Stored and restored last 
7 years 
532-6652.__________________________ ! 
1948 P I v moil I n D eluxe,') door,"* window coupe, needs m inor work. 
*25oo. Coll 341 7/28.______________ 
57 Ranchero, very good cond 
*1ooo or best ofter 623-4416 
■65 f - B IR D New paint, engine, tire*. 
$2695. 
225-2o91; eves. 
494-288o. 
18oo Volvo ES 
4 sod o ve rd rive , air, cassette, 
26,ooo origin al m iles E x c e lle d condition. S8ooo. 732-2143. 

715 MERCEDES M I 

 ft i o w n i; r r f job p "a m "f m stereo, electric sunroof, pastel i blue w ith off w hite in t e r io r .! 
O riven only from Bort of entry. I 
SHOO below list. 214-271-5783___ 
1967 M f K C F D E S B E N 7 23o S t 
O rigin a l and im m aculate. Tw o tops 73572/6_____________________ , 
72 Mercedes 22oo, fully equipped, I 
$699o. 66 M ercedes 2ooD, ew en- gine, air, $425o 
Broubach Equipment, 736 1659 
I 
•63 Mercedes )9o Sedan. Cam ple-1 tely rebuilt with $14oo in parts in I lost year $35oo. 735 2571. 

SEC U R IT Y O F F IC E R S 
Apply in person: 
4414 Centerview. Suite 14o 9-5 j 
Shakier Natural Vitamins, spare time sales business. 684-456o l.Aoo s of Jobs- 1oo'$ of choices 
Qualify now, earn and learn 
GO A R M Y 222-8812 or 653 o892 
SUMMER WURR 
F O R S T U D E N T S 
No experience necessary we will tram M ust be clean-cuf and neat appearing, 18 yrs and older. Job could develop into future per i manent w c k 
Call 653-7451 for appt 

74 Capri, automatic, air, Vs 
Call Manuel 
341-9433 
» 
•7! C a p ri, sh a rp red ! 4 sp,-cd 
Grand opening sole only $995 4o24 
Broadw ay 826-2793 
73 Capri, stand,"4 sod air, $1775 j 
COH Manuel 
>4.1-9433__________ 
1 
C a rp i ‘74 V6. F u lly equipped, excellent cond. $295o, 675 oo12; 
471-5261. 

M IS SIO N C IT Y IM P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z Sales Service 
382o SA N P E D R O 
736-2243 

Mission City lu p u s, Inc 
Authorized Dealer for M ercedes- 
Benz and S A A B 
382o SAN P E D R O 736-2243 

IMPORT CAR SERVICE 
VW R E B U IL T S P E C IA L 
$169 95 
___________ 653-7866 
I S E IL V W S 
M odels from '46-'77. C all. F re d 
Vosouez 82 /31) 
I S E L L V W S 
M odels from 66*‘/7, Coll: F re d 
VasquiiZ 824 731 1 rn K A R M A N N G H IA , excellent condition, lest than 4o,ooo miles. 
D ays 691-4352, ask for Sara 
N O RTH LO O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 
4623 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G R O A D 

PICK UP PAYMENTS 
■76 vw . Like new, air, standard, 
425o mi. 735-8563.__________ _ 
RO D E A ST V O L K S W A G E N 
14o2 N E. LO O P 41o 
828-12o1 

■72 S U P E R B E E T L E , air, am Im 
$1295. 698-2148 

MUST SELL! 
‘76 S E L 45o 
S u n ro o f, a llo y wheels, loaded. D a y s 226-5121; eves 734-2, 13 

716 -1 

7o8 • CORVETTE 

Beeline 
226-23o3 teleSonesou6itor 

A D V E N G E R , complete fiberglass body only 
$5oo 
633-2954 after 
4PM. 
— 
— 
A L L T y a e s-Y e o r M o d e ls C O R 
717-OPEL 
V E T T E S . p ric e d r e a so n a b ly 
Other Sports C ars Cal! 699-o294 
V E H IC L E S U N L IM IT E D 

■75 M O B Convert,hie M o n y ex- : tros. Ceil 349-9355 atter sam 
1974 m o b Convertible a m pm 
Stereo, mr *325o-894.6812 eves. j 
'71 M C B 
Very good condition 
Call 681-1937. 

THI ACTION NUM81R roe f a st et s u it s 
Pl ACI TOUB WANT AQ 
IN TM* I XPRISS NEWS 
C A U 225-1666 

Need se ve ra l a g g re ssiv e , t e n ­ s io n in g h o m e im p ro v e m e n t solicitors, h rs 2-8pm, no e x p e r­ ience n e ce ssary, w ill train m o­ tivated person to w ork for our 17 yr old Southside firm . Call M rs, 
Sayee 224-1ooo 

75 Corvette Al! Power, aq, L-82 with 4-spd. Leather inferior, ca r­ pet. New radial, 28,ooo m«„ A M - 
F M stereo cassette. L ik e new. 
578oo. 691-1534. 
- -n rn - r y r T T O s -------------- 

O PEL GT *73 excellent condition, 
525oo. 824-oo26 
'72 Opel GT. New paint, m ags, fapedeck. 
CB, auto., 
*25oo 
344-5o8o. 
7o Opel Wagon. Air, radials, very good cohdi.h.fin, m 
-m i v x per ss a n d N tw s 

Take over payments, no equity ‘74 
VW 
Call: 
824-76o6 after 
7: 
4 9 4 - 5 7 3 4 ________________ 
-57 V O L K S W A G E N Clean, $395. coil 724 4419 
________ 
Volkswagen 71. Excellent tondi- han Sqbk. 435-3313, eves. 
V O L K S W A G E N B U S ca m p e r, pop top, ste re o , g a s h e a te r, 
Radials, new engine. 
$25oo-342-5847 

VOLKSWAGEN 
Parts-Servtce-Caro 
655-1131 
7o VW BU G Good condition. $993. 
Coli 684 2o6o 
____________ 
67 VW BU G Good condition. $695. 
Call 657-355o t i VW Bug. Rebuilt engine, new clutch *6oo t8«i 4355 
‘68 VW BUS 
GOO D C O N D IT IO N 922-7626 
74 v w Bu *. S e m i c a m p e r. 
Sunroof-more-CIoan 
$4,ooo. 
496-7439 
____________ 

 j 

Eighth Page 
Express-News— Monday May 2, I 977 ifr m v n w m t 

73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
7311 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTBMniill IS 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
7 3o 743-AUTOMOBILES 

• H tM W IU ^ M c E O M B S F M O • I IN 1 9 7 7 • H 8 M P M U L -M < L O « t« $ FO O D * I IN I 7 7 7 
• M iM W H iU -M U C O M B S F O IO * I IN 1 9 7 7 • M tM F N IU M C C O M B S FO R D 9 I IN 1 9 7 7 • 

M i t 
M 
I 
ORD 

April was truly a spectacular sales month for us at 
Hemphill McCombs Ford and with vacation time just around the corner in May, we are again of* faring INSTANT VACATION CASH on any new or used car and truck sold. That's right, if you re trade-in allowance is worth more than our small down payment we will refund the difference in 
INSTANT VACATION CASH or apply all of it toward the purchase of the vehicle. 

See us first, 4(1o new cars and trucks to choose front and five convenient locations all over San 
Antonio. 
Red McCombs 
★ INSTANT V A C A TIO N CASH! ★ 

EX AMP LB 

’ 7 7 LTD ll S 

4 door pollard hardtop, bright tad dip m etallic, automatic., power front disc brake*, pow er 
Steering. 
Durasport ignition system, re d id white wall tires, direct air ventilation system, 3 o? V 8 engine, a ll vinyl seat trim , deluxe bum per group, air conditioned, hated glass, vinyl body side m olding . . . * 6 2 9 4 
*4988 

DISCOUNT 
*672 
OR VACATION CASH! 

EXAMPLE 

97 7 PINTO 
LIMITED EDITION 
2 door sedan lim ited Edition, bright window molding, 
4 style steel wheels and rings, lower body tutone point, over the ro o f paint stripes, hip up open air roof, polar white, b e n t disc brokes, rock and pinion steering, Ouraspark ignition system, all vinyl bucket seats, carpeting, mini-console, 
2.3 litre engine, autom atic, air conditioned, w hitew all tires, tinted gloss . 
** 
6 2 4 o *3878 
DISCOUNT 
*765 
OR VACATION CASH! 

EXAMPLE 

7 7 MAVERICK 
2 door Vermillion red, synchronized 
3 speed transmission, b ant disc brakes, Duiaspark ignition system, cor pet bright drip m olding, wheel mg molding, lim ited 
Edition 
Portage (special tw o spoke steering wheel, body side accent stripes, 4 style Steel wheels wilt) trim rings, body side m olding, flight bench spat, dual sport mirrors, 2 oo V-6 engine, white w all tires . . * 6 2 5 1 . 
*3488 

EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR FOR FORD, CHEVROLET, DODGE GOOD TIMES VANS AND TEC FAMILY VANS m m 

D IS C O U N T 
|$445| 

OW V A C A T IO N C A S H ! 

EX 
*PLE 

97 7 FORD 
IOO PICKUP 
Custom style side, raven black, 3o2 
Vft, custom decor, ah gauges, body side molding, air conditioned, heavy duty battery, 
AM radio, chrome bumper . . . = 6 1 9 2 
4593 

DISCOUNT 
*1o49 
OR VACATION CASH! 

EXAMPLE 

7 7 GRANADA 

2 door, dark red, 4 speed overdrive transmission, front _ disc brokes, 
Durospctrk ignition system, white wall radial tires, wheel covers, bright m olding, opera windows, carpet, w o od lo re instrument panel applique, 19 gallon fuel tank, 2 oo 
V 6 engine. 
~ 639 8. 
3891 

DISCOUNT 
*42o 
OR VACATION CASH! 
J u 

EXAMPLE 

'7 7 ITB fwd sue1. 4 door pilled hardtop, creme, mitnmntir, power brakes, power steeling, 
Ourmpork ignition system, whitewall radials, vinyl hod) side molding, bent bumper guards, bright mendings, bright fader panel molding, detune steering wheel, sound insulation system, pawer ventilation system, 3o2 VB engine oil vinyl seot trim, rear bumper guord, air conditioned, tinted gloss, left bond control minor, full wheel covers 
. . #6511 

■JACK RIEGER! 
HUGE INVENTORY SALE 

’77 FURY 
’77 FURY 

2 D o o r H a rd to p , 
V 8 , 
P o w e r S te e rin g , P o w ­ e r B ra k e s 
A u to m a tic , 
A ir, 
T in te d 
G lass, 
W h ite 
S ide 
W a ft T ir­ es, 
SPECIAL 
OF 
THE 
W EEK # 7 1 5 3 

SPORT 
SUBURBAN 9 
Passenger 
W agon, 
Has All The Popular 
Equipment 
Cruise 
Control, 
Power 
Tail 
G ate, A M -FM Stereo, 
M a n ^ ^ th e r Options, 

LIST: $ 7 2 5 1 

’77 
PLYMOUTH 
ARROW 

8 to 
Choose From 

S T A R T I N G A T : 

*6319 
3296 

77 VoLARE 
77 GRAN FURY 
77 VOLARE 
SPORT COUPE, 6 Cyl­ inder, 
Two 
Tone 
Paint, 
Automatic, 
Power, 
Air, 
W hite 
Side W all Tire*, Dual 
Sport Mirrors, 
Mony 
Other Extras, * 7 2 o 5 

FULL 
SIZE ' 
4 
Door 
Sedan, 
A ll 
P opular 
Equipm ent, 
Cruise 
Control, 
A M -F M 
S te ­ reo, 
M a n y 
O th er 
Extras « 7 I I 2 
*4873 

S P E C I A L 

4 Door Sedan Custom, 
I Power steering, pow - 
I er brakes, automatic, 
! air, vinyl roof, w heel 
I covers, body side 
| mouldings, many oth­ er extras, * 7 1 2 6 
5977 *4998 

77 NEWPORT 

2 D oor H ard to p , This 
Loaded Full S iie Car has 
P o w er 
Seats, 
8 
Track, 
SPECIAL 
"T R IM ” 
TOP, 
Lean 
Burn Engine It 7 I 1.6 

 l l N E W P O R T 

* 1 1 2 1 

4 Door Sedan 5 o /5 o 
Seats, 
Lean 
Burn 
Engine, Electric Clock, 
Automatic, 
Power 
Steering, 
Power 
Brakes, 
Air, 
EXTRA, 
EXTRA SPECIAL: 
# 7 1 2 8 

’77 
CORDOBA’S 

5369 

DISCOUNT 
*832 
OR VACATION CASH! 

The perfect van fo r the y«u*g af 

 h e a rt on tho reed or off the reed 
Turn on your fovotite music ie ite re o while tip ­ ping a told one in your mobile apartment. Came in and tee the telethon of 
7 different models end floor plans. 

Van Equipped With: Automatic trans­ m issio n , V -8 , p o w e r s te e rin g , brakes, passenger and driver seat, mag wheels, wide ovals, side pipes. 

TEC FAMILY VAN 
Now you can go anytime and anyplace whan you own a TEC FAMILY VAN Et 

* 5 9 8 8 

 instant Roaming Up To 69 Months. 
I 1o1o SAN PEDRO 
222-8611—222-8868 I 
Across from Hemphill McCombs Ford 
VAN HEADQUARTERS 
OFF ON EACH USED C, 
12 MONTH/12, OOO 
CAR LISTED BELOW 

7 h R a n g e r X IT f,75o pull.up, 4 
S L r w hy,I drive. H OOD miles, ootomutu 

WEST 

S I D E m i 
W . COM M ERCE SFcPo®nt WARRANTY AVAILABLE 
SE H A B L A 

F S P A N O L 

. rn w wried drive. 13,ooo mil**, ootomatu power steering, powei brakes, . 
’ 
■’tool bo*, AW-fM cassette tope. SJL O O M sliding ixor window A . . . . . . . 
9m 4 1 * ; wa 

*5888 

W e h a v e a Special on 
Ait 
C o rd o b a’s 
. . • 
P a rtia lly Equipped to 
Fully 
Equipped 
. . . 
OVER 3 o TO CHOOSE 
FROM . - 

Tho House f/)of j n, L 

J A C K R IE G E R 
CHRY SLER-PL Y MOUTH 
5 8 oo 
SAN PEDRO 
73 2-8211 

 plora scenic b y-w a y* vi*»t famous landmarks, sleep ever n igh t at a road t i d e p a r k or beach, etc Come ti and let ut show 
^ou what living is really like 

NO RTHW EST 
LOOP 41o AT BANDERA 

’ TA H ITI rn power bi 

’ 7 6 MONTI CARIO Indoor Hoed* 
J fan. loaded, power. 
* 4 9 8 1 

 top, loaded, power, automatic transmission, air can ditioned, extra uke ................... 
SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S.Hf. MILITARY DR. 

7 A 
DODGE t air. Dower s 

^ ’ 7 A CHIVY Goodtime Vert, V8, auto, f 
'■>: power steering, flower Wakes, air; 

Super-cab, 4-wheel drive, ait, power steering, power brakes, deluxe compar, y 

-.’AM-fM? complete Goodrime (dor . ^ _ _ _ and orrongemeni. 
$ A ( J I I O 
\tfs n n n m .i., 
: w 
# 

 automatic, power steering, power brakes, vinyl tike new condition. 
J 

7CCHIVY Novo’. 3-door, standard, 6-1 
: L A ’XrsqflibderVfadi#,. .v. 
# 
- ' 
34,ooo miles, ! , 
. 
■ 
.# 

•'rn M 
U T I I B L H loaded, 'power, On. 
- < " 
—W automatic;, . y> 
' 
’ 
_ _ _ trdnsmisston, 
«■ r u O x S 
'M ^tM yadre 
■ 
T f 
O 
J 

’ 7 2 MAVERICK a 
A l standard, radio, tin 
4-deer, 6-cylinder, standard, radio, tinted glass, white walt tires, 
# J ie Q Q 

PONTIAC’,IrotW-AM. -automatic, 
• • 
M w 
* 
•.• .'power. /. 

 showroom e 
5 
5 
8 
8 
\ condition .. 
W JmSmW 

’ 7 A CUTLASS Salon 3 deer, VS, aute, rn 
—rn power steering, power brakes, air. tape deck, Vt vinyl tap. styled 
■ 
L l wheels, silver with red roof, 5 i t 9 S 
Q 
E J 

7 6 olDS rn w W het sec tutless 
Supreme bucket seats, automo, _ _ _ _ tic, air, pawer steering S brakes,# IL A J I C low miles, wilt help finance...,. 

 rn 
< D U IV. IV leSabre , Sport coupe, 
" 9m loaded- pawer and Oir 
• 
. _ 
AM.fM todio.., 
) * ) 9 
o 
o 

’ 7 4 itd 
* 
~~M Dower 

’ 
7 
5 
P W T o M uir. wagon, m e rr out amalic, air cendi- . _ 

1 4.door Hardtop, V-8. automatic, power steering, power. 
_ _ brokes, oir, like new condition, # j f " S j f j 

’ 7 A M ° N T IG o WX 
3 door 
VS rn \m'oulo? power steering, power brakes, oil, vinyl top, AM-fM, silver 
' 
^ 
— with red .pal, 
S C I Q Q 
R n°n m iW 
• -V * ' 
V . . . n j " , " 
J , 
35,ooo miles 

 tioned, luggage rack, absolutely immaculate «ondi trees 
. 
* 3 4 6 5 
8 FORD 
MOO pick-up, 
Ranger,1 re#'- white, west coos! 
■ 
. 
_t ors over site tues, rear step, 5 I A 
T 
C 
7 
A c h e vro le t -,„>• rn 
■ sedan,outomatic, air. 
C D oitracieon..................* ............... 
J w O O # 

, 
7 
3 
T ‘ B , R D 
2-door 
Landau, " V S, rn ■ 9m automatic'',' oic, power 
M 
AM-fM stereo, 
5 9 9 A A only 33,ooo miles . . . . . . .. 

7 A Bin 
• 9A steerino. 
I door, VS, auto, power 
' steering, power brokes. factory cif, AM-fM, '-i vinyl top. # A B 
Q 
R 

5 7 4 PINTO Runabout, standard, 
4 
# 
» cylinder, air 
. _ _ _ conditioned, 
T y I extra clean 
. . , ......... 
A 
I *m « # 
7 
6 
DODGE rn V with gin ctrii 
V> ton pickup, navy blua with pin stripes. economy spacial, 4 cylinder ston- * 3 9 5 1 deed, only 1o,ooo miles, Uke new 

’ , 7 9 LTO 4-door Brougham, aufomatK, 
* ‘ * 
B on. very 
_ i 

- 
* 2 3 8 9 ; 

’ 7 9 C H IV R o L IT Malibu, 2 d rn 
Hardtop, V-8, oulo- matte, air, power brakes, power l O 
Q 
C 
C steering, like new........................ 

’ 7 C V.W. Bus, auto, _ 
/ J big air un.!. 
! 2 $ O Q Q C passenger, like new 
............. w rn rn 

’ 7 2 FORD m Jtm ouiomatic 
Galoxie SM, 4-door, sedan, automatic, air, power ^ steering, power brokes, oinyl roof...................... 
* 1 7 2 5 

’ 
7 
5 
F o R D I T ic , uofomatu on power 

 j ?d 
( a a 
/ i 
‘■lakes, compter ' y 
, ■ ?'■ , 
U n I 
Must sell«Ktk, . t 
7 V 
I 

’ 7 9 C o U R IIR 
/ 9m radio, oood 
Pick-up, star 

* 1 2 9 5 

, 7 O PONTIAC 
C otolin a, 
V-8, 

 rn 
V au to m atic, a l f / p o w e r 
- ' I s 

 steering, p o w e r b ra ke s, m int J J 9 
4 4 rondition . . . ........ 
■ -Mrn 
* - A 
’75 wo rn 
*m stoerim 
4 door, steering, power brokes, factory air, extra dean car— .................. 

Vt, auto, power 

* 3 1 9 1 

1o25 SAN PEDRO AVE. ★ 47o7 W. COMMERCE ♦ 732o SAN PEDRO AVE. 

2 2 2 - 8 6 1 1 
4 
3 
3 
- 1 
4 
6 
4 
3 4 9 - 6 5 9 1 

★ LOOP 41o A l BANDERA 
* I M I S.W. MILITARY DR- 

6 8 1 * 1 4 3 1 
9 
2 
2 
- 6 
3 
1 
7 

• HEM PHILL-Mc.COMRS FORD S I - I N 1 9 7 7 • M CM RHILL-M eCO M RS FORD 9 I IN 1 9 7 7 
• M E M R H IU -M eC O M R S FORD * I IN 1 9 7 7 • N tM R H IU -M e C O M ii FORD # 1 IM 1 9 7 7 • 

724-VOLKSWAGEN 

1967 VW BUS, S U N R O O F 
* U » 5 e x c e lle n t condition' 225-7111 
74 VW D o s h e r 4 d r, a u to , a ir , 
M icftelin fires, low m ileage, very clean. 5315o 933-o734 
'74 VW D asher W agon. Std, a ir, top rack, stereo tape, 37,ooo m iles. 
$375o 349-5953._______ 
______ 

VW Engine Overhaul VW 
M E T R fC M A S T E R , 824-7427 

•68 V W F a s tb a c k , 3om pg. bell. Best oiler. 661-7365 n9 VW Fastback, sunroof, exc el­ lent condition, m any e x tra s , 
69o-9955 

 i 63 VW fiberglass fen d ers, w ide tires, chopped re a r end M u s t sell this week. $5oo. 341-o296 

■72 VW. Good condition 
A M -F M , 
65,ooo miles. $1ooo. 341-1296 

725 - VOLVO 

•68 V olvo W agon. A ir, A M -F M , standard. E xcellen t cond. $1ooo. 
656-3937. 

726 - MISCELLANEOUS ADIOS 

72 VW 
L ig h t blue, a ir , ra d io 
Radials, new engine 494-6629. 

VW OVERHAUL S4oo-S5oG 
17 Mo.-12,OOO m i. W a rran ty 
Northside Bug R epair, 696-5369 
6 / VW b q u a rtb a c k , m ust s ell! 
Body good cond, needs en g in e repairs. $395 654-1261, 734-393o. 

7 4 VW THING 
3 7 ,o o o miles, clean 
*185o. 
74 TOYOTA CHICA 
Air, vinyl roof, om -im 
*275o# 
75 PONTIAC ASTRE 
4 cyl., air, ouiom atic, 3 o,ooo milos 
*265o. 
TOYOTA 
OF SEGUIN 
D ial Toil Free: 
224-4183 

I '71 VW Super Beetle Good cond. 
$135o. 659 1459 after 4 p.m . w ee k ­ d ays; all day weekends. 
7 5 V W Van Porsche 41) engine. 
R u n s g r e a t1 A ir. Low m ile a g e . 
$4295 655-o274 
W A K E L Y A U TO R E N T A L S 
*76 VW Bug, low m ileage, am -fm s te re o , $31oo. 732-6391 d a y s ; 
828-6733 eves. 

725 -VOLVO 

PARK T E N VO LVO 
IN SCOUT D E A L E R 
133 BALCO NES N O R TH 732-2143 
'71 VOLVO 142E 
A IR , S T E R E O , 
O V E R D R IV E . 
B E S T 
G A S 
M IL E A G E . $179o 828-6959 
•73 VO LVO 164E 
A.'.’ , tape. Sun­ ro o f. Auto. 63,ooo m ile s . B e s t offer. 344 1345 a tte r 5: 

NATIONAL CAR RENTAL 
’76 MODELS 
FINAL CLOSE-OUT 

CU T LA SS 
SU PR EM ES 
M O N T E C A R L O S C O M P A 
CTS. BIG C H O IC E — 
L O W 

PRICES 

11o6 HAIM at Airport Blvd. 
3 4 2 -9 5 6 6 

7 3 V olvo I64E 
A u to a ir, ra d io , low m ile a g e . 
732 2143. Special $3788. 
*74 Volvo 164 E. 4 door L u x u ry 
Sedan. Power, elec. fuel injected. 
A ir, s u n ro o f., A M -F M , a u to ., leather int., low m i 
$4895. 
225-o345. 

’72 V olvo 142 
4 sod, ra d io , lo w m ile a g e . 
732-2143. Financing available. 
•71 VOLVO S tationw agon. Stan-] dard, a ir, radials, 28 mpg, good 1 cond $185o. 226-3554 

GOOD-WEAK CREDIT?? 

With Stable Income? 

There is a way we can 
SELL YOU A CAR 
OR TRUCK 

S 

C 
A 
V 
E 
N 
D 
E 
R 
’ S 
“SPECIALS” 
’7 6 CHEVRON! 
K 
. S 
K 
. “ ’ J4 9 9 5 
IIC ( s t u n / ilcctro 225 Custom coupe, factory air, %coac 
7 5 B U I C K all power and extras, clean..................... 
5 ( $ V 5 
»TC A l 
Toronado Coupe, factory air, all power . . . n r 
• m U L U ) and titres. Special 
’ 5 4 V D 
1 MTB A l ITC 
Holiday Sedan, factory air, all , n J A P 
/ a U L U # power and extras, vinyl tap, dean ........... 2 4 9 5 
’7 a A U T C CurtoM 
4-door, factory air, all ,4 a A . 
I i U L U # power and extras, dean 
....... * 3 8 9 5 

’ 7<C C A H A AD XR7 toUPe' ,o{,ofy oir' o,1 P«w«f sa t n t 
7 5 l U U G A R end extras, like n e w ............................ 4 6 9 5 
’7 6 n m C k f r•m, factory air, all s - n o c 
/ O V i U # pawer ana extras, stereo mogS 
5 2 9 5 

. * 4 2 9 5 
75 OLDS 
Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all power and astral. Special....................... 

 factory nit, all pow tr and extras, #51 8o, Special 
5 4 9 5 

11,ooo miles, loaded 
................. 4 6 9 5 
Granada Ghia, with extras . . . 
76 FORD 

1 ~tr f u r l / Malibu Classic nation wagon, factory n c 
' J '■ flC Y air, all pawer and extras............................... 
O O 9 5 

’ 7 4 A i n e 
Cutfom Cruiser station wagon, factory 
7 4 OLDS air, all powor and extras, roof rack .. .*3695 
•TA im E o n ID V M»no«h 4-doi»r, factory air, ail 
' 
/ O m C K v U K i power, and extras, law mileage, 
4495 

S T B / M B C Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all i o i o e 
73 OLDS power and extras, "goodlooking? 
*3195 

 t / Y A i n r I t Luxury Sedan, factory air, all power . , n n - 
O f ULU# and extras. SHARP............................................. 1295 
12,ooo Mils OR 12 MONTH MOTORS iNSURANCf CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
7 4 OR NEWER MODELS 
^CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDERn 

C a v e n d e r O ld s m o b ile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

• 3o to choose from • 
PRICED $795. & UP 

KINNEY MOTORS 

3 9 2 8 B R O A D W A Y 

WE BUY 
CARS! 

We will buy real dean, 

 sharp used cars and trucks. 

 l f c 
| M 
M 
* i a 
I l y 

A m e r i c a n 

M o t o r s 

 t a r * * . 

Come by and see DICK 

GREEN. 
ALAMO AMO 

 l l ! ! San Pedro 

ORSINGER^ 

! 
★ 
S 
P 
E 
C 
I A 
L 
S 
* 
1 

 i rnn n A t m i e Catalina ?-door, white, power 
73 PONTIAC and air, low m iles.................. 

VISIT OUR REMODELED USED CAR SHOW PLACE! 
• MORE ROOM 
• MORE CARS TO CHOOSE FROM 
• MORE SAVINGS FOR YOU!! 

*2275 

*175o l e i n i u i r n i red/white,full power, 
7 4 R IV IE R A only............................................ 

’ 7 o D l l i r v 
Skylark 2-door, green and beige, 
I t D U i v K power and air 
.............. 
’69 PLYMOUTH 
Impala, 4-door, power and 

• T O B I V (U lm IT U FufY ,M- 4'doof hord,°P' 
I t r L Y m 
U U I n green/block, power and air 

 and 

* 3 5 7 5 
*22oo 
*1375 

1974 EL CAMINO 
SUPER SPORT 

Auto , Air. Power steering to w e r w in d o w . AM FM 

’6 5 C H E V R O L E T 
9 7 5 
Riviera, beige and brown, full $ q A C A power, low miles................................ v O v U limited 4 door hardtop, gold/beige, . . . . . full pow er.............................................. 2 1 / 5 
Regal, V-7, 2 -door, white and while, , . A - A power and air.......................................... * 4 o 5 o 
LeSabre, 2-door, blue and white, <«%/«£ a full power........................................... 
3 o 5 o 
Skylark 2-door hardtop, gold and j . white, power and oir, only 

73 BUICK 
72 BUICK 
75 BUICK 
74 BUICK 
71 BUICK 

M A T A 

C A D IL L A C 

3 1 7 L E X IN G T O N 
226-722! 

1 2 / o o o M I. / 1 2 M O . 

C A D IL L A C V A L U E 

P R O T E C T IO N P L A N 

SE R V IC E A G R E E M E N T 

O N M O S T 7 7 , 7 6 , 

7 5 , a n d 7 4 M O D E L S 

CADILLACS 

1 7 7 COUPE (M IU ! j . . . . . 
7 7 While-White 
*1 1 , 5 5 o 
SEDAN DeVlllE 
/ / Terricoto-White.................... 
, 7 . BROUGHAM iQQcf\ 
7 6 Green-White 
9 9 5 U 

’7 6 m m 
‘ 1 o , 4 5 o 

. 7 6 S !g„ „ ‘ 1 o , 4 5 o 
SEDAN OeVILLL 
I O White-Blue 
CALAIS SEDAN 
I O Yellow............ 
. COUPE DeYILlt 
IO Red White ... 
, 7 , ELDORADO 
/ O Blue-Blue........ 
SEDAN OeVtlLF 
IJ Green-White.. 
, 7 - SEDAN DeVlllE 
/ J Silver-Silver. . 
, , r COUPE OeVILLE 
/ 5 Red-White. 

*925o 
*865o 
*945o 
*795o 
729o 
*7475 
*699o 
, 7 > COUPE OeVILLE 
S 7 7 Q A 
7 5 Brown-White....... 7 7 9 o 
CALAIS SEDAN 
15 Yellow-Black. 
*645o 
SEDAN OeVILLE 
SCCOA 
7 4 Yellow-Beige 
* 5 5 9 o 
OeVILLE 
SCOCA 
7 4 Rosewood-White... S o J U 

’ "TO ELDORADO t x / r n 
7 3 Red White...........* 4 6 5 o 
73 a a s . 
*449o 
7oE 2r.:..H 99o 

OTHER MAKES 

* 7 A PORSCHE u n n r lo Silver-Black 
o o 9 5 
. . . PONTIAC Gron Prix 
7 6 Maroon-White.... 5 4 9 o 
76‘S Z 1" 
‘445o 
76 K C ....‘445o i «i p BUICK Riviera 
< r j f i r 
7 5 Blue-White.........* 5 4 9 5 
75 IS "....... ‘8975 
’ T 4 
Electra 
SAO CA 
7 4 Yellow-Yellow..'. 
4 2 5 o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2274282 

NEW ami PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 

IN V E N T O R Y C L E A R A N C E 
*f 4% C 7 lD I\ LTD 
2-Do or. 
Roses mbtoiiic, 
Autofnotic, 
/ a r u n t / Power 
Steering, 
Power 
Brakes, 
Air, $ q i o A 
W hite Vinyl Top, "A Reel Good Car” . 
...................Z I Y U 

7 « E A D IX Thunderbird, 
W hite, 
W hite 
Vinyl 
Top, S O O flA 
I S r U K D Automatic, Air P o w e r........................................... J O Y U y r [ n o n 
T h u n d e r b ir d , 
S i l v e r 
M e t a llic , 
S u n 
R o o f , 
/ J r U K U Power Scott, Power Windows, Loaded, $ C O Q A 
AM-FM Tape 
............... 
J A Y w 
AM-FM Tape 
73 CAPRICE 
4-Door, Automatic, Rower Steering, S O IQ A 
Rower Brakes, Air, I O w n e r. ...................fc O Y v 
76 MARQUIS Power Steer!; 
Blue, 
Automatic, 
Power Brokes, Air, $4 6 9 o 
I O w ner, A Real Good Buy I t yn RJI A D A I IIC 
2 -Door, W hite, Automatic, Power 
I J f Y IA K U U I# Steering, Power Brakes. Air. Extra ’ 2 6 9 o 

279o 

2 4 5 o 

 t ^ l r \ A T C IIX ! 24oZ I Door, Parti ureen Metallic, 
/ I U A l J U N A M -fM 
Stereo, 
Mag 
Wheels, 
I 
O w ner 
............................................................ .................. f e e A i n e O O 
9 Door, Gold. Extra Clean, AM-FM 
I S U L I / J Y u Stereo, "A Real Good Family Car 
. . 
IT C D A U T I A r Grand Prix, 2 Door, W hite, AM-FM 
/ J r U n il I A L Stereo, Tope, Automatic, Pow er Air, j i i r A 
Burgundy Top, Burgundy interior ................................. 
4 4 3 1 ) 
Valiant, 4 Door, Burgundy, Auto­ m atic, 
Powor 
Steering, 
Power $ ^ o 9 o 
7 5 PLYMOUTH 
Brakes, Air . . . f a r n m / - ■/ Riviera, W hite oh W hite, Stereo, Power SC H O ft 
I J t S U I l K Windows, loaded, te tra Cleon ..................... J J r U 
* 7 o A i n t Cutlast Supreme 4 Door, 
Dark 
Green 
I L ULU J Metallic, 
Automatic, 
Power 
Steering, SO gQ fk 
Power Brake!., Air, Tope Deck......................................... 
LO YU 
’ 75 BUICK t Poor, Silver, Blue, W hite 
Vinyl Top, Blue Interior, Stereo, Load­ ed. Forged W heel*, Extra N ic e .................................... 
*5 4 9 o 

1 7 o A i n t Toronado, 2 Door, Gold, Beige Vinyl Top, t i ULU# Gold 
Interior, 
Automatic, 
Power 
Air, e n c r n 
Power W indow *, Real C lean .................................................Z O j w t w r A i n e Curio** Salon, Burgundy, Metallic, AM-FM 
I J U L U # Tope, Automatic, Power, A i r ......................... *3 8 9 o 

 iw x A t n e 
98 Regency 2 Door. Gold, Gold Vinyl 
I v U I L / # Top, Gold Velour Interior, Power W in­ dow*, Pow er Seat*, Stereo/Radio, ” Ju*f a Beautiful C a r " ................................ 
*6 3 9 o i w r A i n t 98 4 Door. 
I 
O w ner, Automatic, Air, 
/ J U L U # Pow er Steering, Power Brakes, ‘Yellow, S C I e f t 
Cream T o p ................................................. ............................. J " JVI l y e / l i t l l V Concours Station 
W agon, 
Automatic, i n n e f t 
/ L t n t V T Power Steering, Power Brakes, Air . . . . i t J U 
* 7 A M A X IT E /- A D I A 2 Door, W hite. Block Viny! 
1 4 M U N I E v A K L U Top, AM-FM Stereo, Radio, s q ftO A 
Automatic, Pow er Steering, Power Brakes, Air 
. . . v L r V tw n C A D A Torino, 2 Door, Blue, Automatic, Power 
/ J r U IV U Steering, Power Brakes, Air, Blue Vinyl $ 2 3 9 o 

IWP XA A lt 1 7 A 
2 
Door. 
Hatchback. 
Silver 
Blue 
I J l Y l U N i A Metallic, 4 Speed, 4 Cylinder, Air, “ A i n c o f t 
Real Sporty Little Cor” ...................................................... . X J V U tw r C A D A fN '* 
? 
Door, 
Red, 
W hite 
Vinyl 
Top, 
I O r U K U Automatic, Air, Power Steering, Power c i y r n 
Broket, AM -FM Stereo 
.............................. ....................... ‘♦ / J U i e a p A D D Ctatt 
Torino, 
Blue, 
Automatic, 
Power 
/ 7 r U K U Steering, Power Brakes, Air, tight Blue, $ O O O ft 
W hite Vinyl Root, AM-FM Stereo T a p e ........................... Z O V U 
IW / D A D / I T Runabout, Tan, AM-FM Radio, Auto- 
1 o D U B v A I matte. Air, “A Real Cleon 3 Door, t a o O A 
Runabout” .................................................................................. J j V U l y e A l A A ! A D C Ll ? Door, Automatic, Air, 6 Cylinder, en j n n 
/ J M U N A K V .n l AM-Rodio, Dork Brown Metallic . . . J 4 Y U 
IWX T A H A A D XR-7 light Yellow, Dark Brown Vinyl 
/ O W U U A f t Roof, 
Automatic. 
Power 
Steering, t i a n n 
Power Brakes, A i r ............................................................... 
H O Y U 
Light 
Green, 
Dark 
Green 
Vinyl 
75 MARK IV Roof, 
Speed Control, 
Tilt 
W heel, $ 7 7 Q ft 
AM-FM Stereo, Tape, Extra Clean, I O w n e r ..............11 t v tw r / ’ A l l / ' A D * R -r 
Spit* 
Seat*, 
AM-FM 
Stereo 
IO V .U U U A K Radio, Automatic, Air, Power Steer- J A /A f t ing. Pow er Brakes, Cream Goia Vinyl R o o f...................*? © Y U tw p I IA I/* A t kl Continental 
2 
Door, 
Blue, 
W hite 
/ J L IN V .U L N Vinyl Roof, AM-FM CB Radio, Fully t i i r n 
Equipped, Extra Clean ........................................................ . O O J U 
Gold , 7 8 5 Q 
'•y r 11X1/ ' A l XI Continental 
2 Door, Cream, 
IO L I N v U L N Vinyl Roof, I Owner 
’ VQ I l k i r n i k l Continental 
A 
Door, light 
Green, 
I J U I Y v U l r l Green Vinyl Top, Leather interior, c G ftO ft 
A u t o m o t ic , A i r ............... . . . 7 . ...................................... 
J Z V U 
• 7 C A A C D /IID V Morqui* 4 Door, Automatic, Power 
/ J m tK V .U K T Steering, Air, Speed Control, 1 ,o . $ ^ /|9 Q 
73 MARQUIS £rou9’,a? ' 
Yellow, 
Automatic, 
Power 
Steering, 
Power 
Brokes, 
Air, AM-FM Stereo Radio 
77 GRAN MARQUIS Jade 
Vinyl 
Top, 
Cruise 
”rakes: *275o 

Control, Tilt W heel, AM-FM Stereo, Twin Comfort $ 7 1 O ft 
Seats, itecliner, “ This Car is Brand N e w " .................... 
I I V U 

T f O R T H P A R K 
L I NCOLN-MERCURY 

9 2 o 7 
SAN PEDRO 
341-8841 

O p w n M o n .-F r i. 8 A .M . 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. • A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS. 

Stereo Tape Extra clean, Ben w i t h B e t a e V i n y I' f op. 
# 1347A 

19o1 BROADWAY 
224 S5I 6 
A N C I R A W I N T O N 

’1685 
76 MERCURY SX.KnSoS ‘545o 
. . . m i i / i / Apollo, 2-door, power and oir, like , 4 t A A 
74 BUICK new, 6,ooo miles.............................. 
3 1 Q o 
75 CHRYSLER SR^..^.•365o 

1976 BLAZER 

4 -w h e e l drive 
I owner 
C h e y e n n e p a c ka g e 
V8, auto air, Buckskin and white #1 541A 

1 9 o 1 B R O A D W A Y 

2 2 4 -5 5 1 6 

1974 EL CAMINO 
CoNQUISTA 

B 
S 
S 
M r a i g 
H 
R 
•72 Custom Cruiser yrogon 9»as$ loaded. $1875 34T-S472 a lt 5pm 

PO 21958 2x5 1 *2 IN V E N T O R Y 
CLE A R A N C E 
_____ 

731 - /UMC 

TE XA S A U TO SALE5 
Our specialty - e xtra nice used cars. 923-8341 - 923-o737 

■76 P a c e r D L P a c k a g e P o w e r ’ 
Steering, Auto Transm ission, A ir, | 
Radio, F u ll F a c to ry W a rra n ty . 
J36 2343 ofter 5pm all day Sat-Sun. j 

76 Pacer E x tra clean, To settle 
Estate. Call 633-o99o. mn 

N FLORtS Al MARTIN 225-5333 
A N C I R A W I N T O N 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 

N O R T H W 
E S T 
Bandera Rd. (g> Loop 4 1 o 
6 8 1 -1 4 3 1 

71 ITO 4-door Brougham, automotic, power, oir, vinyl top 
*1389 
72 GALAXY SOO VB, auto., power, oir, vinyl lop 
*1389 
7o T-BiRD 2-door, full power end oir. ......................... *1389 
72 VEGA Hatchback, 4 speed, air, 34,ooo miles.. 
. * 1489 
71 CUTLASS Supreme 2-door, loaded 
*1889 
72 DODGE (ob n Chassis, 4-speed, 47,ooo miles 
*1989 
7o EL DORADO full power and air, real eye appeal... * 1989 
71 MUSTANG Grande VB, auto., power, oir.................. *2189 
7 1 P O N T I A C teMans2-door, VB.auto., power,air, 2o,ooo . . . . . 
/ i run 11av mi)es .................. 
*2189 
75 PINTO 2-door, auto., oir, vinyl top................................*2489 
74 PINTO Station Wagon, automatic, air......................... ‘2489 
74 COMET 4-door, 6-cyl., standard, air, vinyl top 
*2689 
75 MONZA 2 + 2 Hatchback, VB, auto., power, air 
*2789 
7 3 C U T L A S Supreme ? door, all block, V8, auto., power . . . . . and oir, vinyl lop, AM FM, low mileoge..... 2889 

7 4 M A Z D A 
Rx' 4' 2’door' 4‘i P *ed- n''' AM-fM ’ope- 
/*» IVIAZ.UA 3, OOO miles............................................ ‘2889 
75 GRAND TORINO 4-door, loaded 
‘2889 
76 PINTO MPG outomatic, air, 16,ooo miles 
*3o89 
7 4 C U T L A S ? Supreme, V8, auto., power, 2 door, AM, 
/ 4 VU I LA#) 3g(ooo mj|es C(iompogne............ *3489 
75 GRANADA 4-door, auto., power, air, AM-FM 
*3689 
75 LTD 
Brougham, 2-door, auto., power, oir...................... *3789 
76 GRAN TORINO Station Wagon, VB,auto., oir... 
*3889 n 2-door, auto., power, air, bucket seats, 
3 miles..................................... *4o89 
4o89 
76 DODGE s 
76 LTD 4-door, loaded, 21,ooo miles, VB, auto., power, 
75 OLDS 
Delta Royoie 2-door, completely loaded, all white,. 
33,ooo miles................................................. 4 3 8 9 
7 
A F O R D h ton pickup, 6 cyl. standard, camper shell,, . . . . 
/ o r U K U '}2,ooo m iles 
..................... 
. 
* 4 4 8 9 

’ 7 A I T H 
2-door, full power, air, AM-FM, 
CB, tape, ali black, . . . a . 
, o 
16 OOO mites................................................... * 5 1 8 9 
76 FORD yni° e T'mes ^an’6 tyl;auto'' .|)o*,ef' °'f' o reol* 5 9 8 9 

TS Volvo Wagon, excellent cond, low m i, a ir, auto Iro n s , a m -fm ,, lu g g a g e r a c k , b e lo w b o o k .’ 17o7 B R O A D W A Y 
1-392 *3 /? Son M arcos. 
FASHOIAN MTR CD 
224+956 

VB, auto,, air, power steer­ ing, 36,ooo miles, blue and white | l 249A 

75 P a c e r-X . A ir , a u to . 
Coll: 1-438-2415. 
$3ooo. 
45oo SAN PEDRO 

7 
3 
4 
- 4 
2 
2 
I B 

JJM 

76 BUICK Regal sedan. Loaded, 
14,ooo mi. $48oo. 826-3455 

•76 Buick R iv e ria , fa c to ry new only 9,ooo mi. Louis, 1-569-3544. 

731 •AEC 
•65 R A M B L E R W agon, a ir , new j fires. $325. 34+1437 

72 B U IC K R iv ie ra , im m a c u la te 
$1695. trade, 342-2o93_____________ 

‘72 Buick R iv ie ra , like new $2795 

A N C I R A W I N T O N 

66 Sunbeam A lcine 1725 Rootes, 
71 Volvo Wagon, a ir, a m -fm , std. needs W ork. Best offer. Call Jim 
B i m . #41+784. 
: OI 732-3385. 

1 9 o 1 BROADWAY 
2 2 4 .5 5 1 6 

’72 GREMLIN 2-DR 
T a k e over p aym ents, no eau tty, coil Credil M onogor, 349-6948 

•76 Pacer, deluxe package, good 

68 Rebel, good cond, std, radio, heater, 2o5 M itchell, Schert: 
732 - BUICK 

732 - BUICE 

1975 BU IC K E lectro . W recked in fr o n t. C an See o f 415 S. S an 
Jacinto. 227-4o64. 

732 * BUICK_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Buick L im ited 71. 4-door. $12oo firm . C all: 433-9114. 

W ill trade 923-2883 

 c o n d itio n , 18,ooo m ile s , $37oo 
73 Apollo H otcnback, oir, power, 
7o BU|Ck L e S a b re Custom ” E x- 
49o-9349 a fte r 5 pm . 
J excellent c o n d ig n . $199$ firm ‘ cellent cond. *f?So. 34+5484 
349-2674 

‘77 B u ic k L im ite d . L ik e n e w ! 
$2495 W ill trade 923-2883 

■69 B U IC K S kylark 4-door, excel­ lent condition. 34+2434; 34+977o, best offer or trode. 

‘77 Buick S ky lark , loaded! S4795 

 ex pr es s a n d n e w s 

Will trode 

174 C e n tu ry , b e a u tifu l, lo a d e d , private owner. 82+5147 

732 

’74 Century Freedom Special, low m i., im m a c u la te c o n d , W o rk : 
734-4433, ask for John 

‘7o E L E C T R A S E D A N , L O A D E D , 
O R IG IN A L . 8875 . 342-6922. 
•73 R E G A L , A M -F M , a ir , M a g wheels, 
*225o. 
Call ofter 
Spm 
673-29o4 

76 Skylark Hatchback. V6, aute., a ir. W arran ty. $43oo 68+oo7o 

733* CADILLAC 

73 C A D IL L A C C oupe D e v ille , outstanding. 
*37oo. 
224-7937; 
342-6689 

’72 FIREBIRD 

Auto, air, power steering, 

 vinyl roof, ex tra clean, 

- 1524A 

A N C I R A W I N T O N 

19o1 BROADWAY 224-S516 

 tx PP ISS AND NIW S 
I 
•* 

M n a w 
HMM 
“ — 
•• 

2 
LINES $ * W 
IO DAYS m 

NO H CO M M iftCIAU 
CANCILLA BLE 
WITHOUT 
It A tt CHANGE 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73o-743-MrrtHRtUS 
| 
Express-New;— Monday May 2, 1977 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73H-743 ABIOMUIUS 
738/43-MITOMBHES 
738-74MBT8MoGIUS 

Ninth Page 

EXAMPLES Or OUR LOW-IOW PRICK. . 

 y/ * H K l l Ventura 
Coupe a ll p o w e r a n d a ir, L a n d a u t o p , 4 , o o o m ile s . W a r r a n ty . 

I 77 Bonneville 
J 
Brougham 

4 - d o o r s e d a n , 
5 ,5 o o miles. 

'77 Grand Prix U 
2 to n e p o in t 
4 o o e n ­ g in e , b u m p e r g u a rd s c ru is e c o n tro l, 'le a th e r u p h o ls te ry , p o w e r w in ­ ks, A M -F M stereo tape. 

W a s $ 5 7 8 9 ' 
NOW *4695 
W a s $ 7 8 9 6 
NOW 5995 

 dow s, seats a n d door locks, A M -F M stereo tap e. 
Dem o e x te n d e d w a rra n ty 

W a s $ 8 1 9 2 
NOW *6695 

'77 Catalina 
'77 Grand Prix ^ 
’77 Sunbird 
4*aoor sedan, p o w e r 
2 door H ard top, all p o w e r ^ ^ zr— — 
~ 1i a n d a ir, 6 c y lin d e r a n d arr, a u to m a tic, accent 
I ^ °°f c?uPe ° m o t o r , b o d y s id e 
*• 
; strip e, steel b e lte d ra d ia l 
P °” er a n ? . ° " ' ™ '° ‘ m o ld in g s , a cce nt strip es. D em o,, e x te n d e d w a r- tires, b u cket seats, la m p group, m ag w heels, body m a ,c m o 
,n ^ ® ra n ty , - side m o ld ings. 

77 Sunbird 
_ 
77 Grand Prix 

2 door H a rd to p , all p o w e r’^ jg v ^ y ) Jfcj-i— sd'-* a n d a ir, a u to m a tic, accent 

W a s $ 6 6 3 1 
NOW 5395 
W a s $ 6 4 7 5 
NOW 5595 
W a s $ 5 o 5 7 
NOW *4498 

 f i r e b i r d d A 
Special Edition, all d r power artel air, auto­ matic, cruise control. 

 mn rn 
'77 CMC 

11 v t o n p i c k u p , p o w e r an d air, re g ­ u la r fu e l e n g in e , 

 air, autom atic, cruise control. 
6 .6 litre e n g in e , 
*6995 

 stab ilize r, 
A M ra d io , b u m p e r a n d ga u g e s .......... 
5o95 

LIQUIDATION SALE ON 1977 
COMPANY & EXECUTIVE CARS 
OUR COMPANY AND EXECUTIVE CARS ARE USED EXCLUSIVELY BY 
US FOR ONLY 9o DAYS. RIGHT NO W WE HAVE A GOOD SELEC­ 
TION. THESE CARS HAVE NEVER BEEN LICENSED; SO THE NEW 
BUYER WILL BE THE FIRST OWNER UNDER THE FACTORY W AR­ 
RANTY. THESE CARS WILL BE SOLD AT A SUBSTANTIAL SAVINGS! 
THE CLEANEST, LOW MILEAGE, SPECIALLY 
SELECTED USED CARS IN THE SOUTHWEST. 

SAN ANTONIO'S OLDEST PONTIACGMC DEALER 
TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC-GMC 

3 9 o o SAN PEDRO 
736-1561 

’71 MERCURY matte, radio and heater, air con­ ditioned. Clean. WAS $1695 
NOW.......................................... 
1295 
Impala, 
4- 
’72 CHEVROLET Z ° mafic, radio and heater, air con­ ditioned. 
Extra dean. 
WAS 
$ 1 6 9 5 ... N O W .............................. 

TAKE OVER 
PAYM ENTS 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 
?7 other ton to choose from Most hove oir and power. 
Portid lh* 
Cal 
7 4 GUANO U M JS, fo w le d............................ SUSS 
AS MUSTANG ............ S 59? 
73 CUTLAS; Supreme,.,. $71»2 
74 t UTI ASS................B W 
71 GOOG! Demon........S 996 
6rD ATSU N........................$ s o ; 
75 GRUN IOVINO 
$2976 
7 $ MONZ* 2 * 1 ...........$2487 
64 CHIVY Van.............S 488 
7 4 CHIVY im p a la 
M A S I 
'69 DPU 
.................S 396 
'69 LORO Squire W agon.. S 461 
7 6 H IT I.................................S4S6o 
M SO w (a m p e r..............$5486 
7 ? DooGI Von 
. 
$1o81 
71 Fo8D Club Wagon 
,. $ 1 /6 * 
7 j PONTIAC Catalina. 
. .$ 1 5 8 6 
7 5 IfMANS Snort (Pe . . . $398! 
7 4 GRANO P8IA...................$3142 
Call 
RICK CARTER 
2 2 2 - 1 6 8 5 
2 2 2 - 8 6 1 1 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

’ A O A l A C ^’door, 88, automatic, 
UC U L U ) radio and heater, 

NORTH PARK LINCOIN-MERCURY 

NEW 1977 MONARCH 

1976 CAPRICE 

4 -d r 
S edan, 
A u to , 
-A ir, 
P ow er 
S teering, 
P ow er W in d o w s , P ow ­ de r Brakes, Pow er D oor lo c k s , - Pow er 
Seats, 
M a ro o n w ith 
V inyl ro o f 
— P4 
^ANCIRA W INTON ' 

N. FIORES AT MARTIN, 225-.S333 

733 - CADILLAC 

'76 C ad illa c Coupe D e v ille 
DeElegcmce. 
16.ooo miles. 
343-1417. 
73 Cadillac Canoe Deville. Excel­ lent. Call: 824-3o89. 
76 
C A D ILLA C 
COUPE 
DEVILLE. Showroom condition. 
Immaculate, every accessory in­ cluding chrome spoke wheels. 
Private individual. Sacrifice! As­ sume payments. 
349-4465, M r 
Morris 
__________ 
•73 Cadillac Coupe Deville, like new 4399$ Will trade 923-2883 
•72 Cadillac Coupe, by owner, loaded. S1395. 344-9359 aft 4pm. 
’74 Cadillac Cpe OeVille 
24,ooo mi. I owner, 828-o197. 
•72 Cadillac Deville. Immaculate condition! $28oo 927-5816 
CADILLAC ‘71 4-door, 1-owner, wifes car. Low mi. b ea u tifu l. 
623-1932 eves or weekends. 
1972 C ad illa c 4-door Sedan 
Deville Nice car. $2185. Consider trade fo r o ld e r p icku p tru c k 
922 2481 after 5: and all day Sun dav 1614 W. Rosewood-735-4126 
72 CADILLAC $179o DRIVES 
L IK E A D R E A M ! 
STEREO 
TAPE. 
OTHER 
EXTRAS, 
828-6959 
•7o CADILLAC Eldorado, must sell $119S. 9o%financin« availa hie. c a ll 224-4419 
•74 CADILLAC Eldorado Conver tibia Dynasty red White top ond white interior. Very low mi. Mint condition. 344-7122 
*72 Cadillac Fleetwood, 4-door hardtop, >19oo. 661-26o9_________ 
CADILLAC LIMOUSINE. Very good condition. S2SSo. 653-98oo 
•65 Cadillac. Nice New Brakes, shocks, tires. Good dependable tra n sp o rta tio n . $6oo. 43S-4o63 alter 6 p.m., anytime Sat., Sun. 
CADILLAC - OLDS 
•77 D eville Sedan loaded only 
3ooomi. factory warranty . $9,85o 
75 
Deville 
Sedan, fully loaded ........................... 
$6,85o 
7 5 OLDS Toronodo ......... $5,25o 
■75 Cutlass S Coupe, sharp $3,995 
74 Eldorado, nice, only ..54,95o 
73 Sedan Deville, show room new .................................... $3,995 
75 
Sedan 
Deville, like new, warranty ........................... $2,95o 
D J. DUNLAP MOTORS 
915 Broadway 
227-2873 
•73 Cadillac Sedan D eville. Ex- collen! cond. $3195. 684-1578 
74 Coupe Deville. Leather inter- tor, all options, showroom cond. 
5'995 654-o544________________ 
O.J DUNLAP MOTORS 
917 Broadway 
227-2873 
Cod-Olds-Lincofn Clr. 
'73 EIDorado Leather inferior, ail extras. Priced to sell! Call Rush: 
349-2611. 
1*72 El Dorado, 39,ooo miles, clean 
$42oo.7om-1opm, 734-2o16. 
|r7o Fleetwood Brouahthom The 
Bi-si in Town! $195o. 828-3738. 

RIAT* CADILLAC 
117 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

 rn mrnmm 
★ 25o 
★ WHITESIDE 
WALL TIRES 
★ TINTED GLASS 
★ 81o62 

• A s s . 

 conditioned. Clean. WAS $995 
. . . NOW........................................... 
*7C HILDT 4*door' P°wer' oir 
/ J URR I conditioned, low mile­ age, like new. WAS $3295 . . . 
NOW.................................................. 

’ 1495 

* 795 

Grand Prix, ra- 

-1 -------------------------- 

13 PONTIAC dio and heater, air $ conditioned, power. 
WAS 
$2795 . . . NOW ............................ 

* 7 A f U D V C I T D NewPort Cus' tO V i m O L E K tom, vinyl top, vinyl seat$, automatic, AM-FM radio, air, power, like new. SAVI 
...N O W ......................................... 

?2995 

‘2495 

*5195 

» -y r 
Regency, 4-door hord- f j ULU J top, velour interior, all power ond air conditioned, like new. NOW 
.................. ‘5695 

*721 C A D D Galtule 5oo' 4 d°oft 
/ H F U K L / automatic, radio ond heater, air conditioned, low <o o n r mileage. WAS $2795 . . . NOW .... JL J t 5 

’73 PONTIAC door, automat­ ic, radio and heater, air con- #n i A r droned. WAS $2495 . . . NOW. . . . I I 7 5 

* 7 o D l l i r i / llettro 225' all pow- 
/ A t f U l v l V or und air condition­ ed. Extra clean. WAS $2495 . . . , n i n r 
NOW........................................................... I V 5 

*7o CADA Go,oxie 5oo' 4door' 
/ JL lU rll# automatic, radio and heater, air conditioned. 
WAS r%n r- 
$ 1 6 9 5 ... N O W ................................1 2 9 5 

75 CHRYSLER LT°bo.,:Z ' windows, tape deck. like new, , M r 
WAS $ 5 1 95 .. .NOW 
.................4/95 

*425o 

THESE PRICES PROVE W E M EA N B U S IN E ^ . 
IM M E D IA T E O N THE SPO T F IN A N C IN G . 

•HIDE-ENGINEERED * j S 
O R. MITCHELL CHRYSIER/PLYMOUTH 

NEW 1977 COMET 2-DooR 
ISS COHSmOHBD 

THE DIALER THAT TELLS IT LIKE IT IS 

2 8 o o BROADWAY 
• OPEN EVENINGS f A C R O S S f R O M HR AX K L NR iDC.f P ARK 

★ TINTED GLASS 
★ WHITESIDE WALL TIRES 
# 5 8 4 8 
$3699 

NEW 1977 BOBCAT RUNABOUT 

 a i k mmwm 
★ TINTED GLASS 
★ WHITESIDE WALL TIRES 
$3699 

Behold! 
The CROWN LANDAU 

An exclusive 1977 Century Buick that only looks expensive 

# 9 1 3 5 2 

# 2 1 4 9 9 

NEW 1977 COUGAR 

/»w a in 
JKIk UfNUIIIW IV 

★ 351 ★ AUTOMATIC 
★ POWER STEERING 
★ POWER BRAKES 
★ WHITESIDE WALL STEEL BELTED 
RADIAL TIRES ★ TINTED GLASS 
★ STYLE STEEL WHEELS ★ BODY SIDE MOULDING 

T 
¥ 
\ R 
K 
S 
A 
N p i b r o 
■ m b m 
3 4 1 -8 8 4 1 i 

 rn*. 

L I N C O L N * M E R C U R Y 

• Beautiful Crown Molding 
• Popular Landau top 
• Top Performer 
• Great Economy 
• Specially Built, Specially Priced 
Available only at your 
San Antonio Buick Dealers 

75 FIAT X-19 

Removable . hardtop, 
4 

 spd.( air, 23,714 mi., Like 

 new, — P31A. 

A N C I i U l W IN T O N 

19o1 B R O A D W A Y 2 2 4 -5 5 1 6 

734 - CHEVROLET 
7$ Camara, autom atic, power b ra k e s s te e rin g , a ir, AM -FM stereo. Best ofter. 673-8876 before 
3pm. 
71 CAMAR6, Black on black. Coil 
924-o331 
‘ 74 Com oro. E x c e lle n t cond. 
2o,ooo ocfuai mi Factory oir, 
AM-FM, power sfeerm p. Well cored for. Adult owner. 824-4195 ofter 5. 
•77 CAMARO. Like new, 6,ooo miles Loaded. 674-o548. 
•74 Comoro, loaded, 4,3oo miles. 
S52oo, no equity. 434-8442. 

1976 IMPALA 

Custom Coupe Extra Clean. 
Auto 
Air, row er Steering, 
Power Brakes, Beige, w ith 
Black vinyl roof #2S3A 

A N C H IA W IN T O N 

N. FLORES AT M A R TIN 

2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

784 - o8EWIM.Fr 

•74 CAMARO, power, arr. Only : 
14,ooo miles. Firethorn metallic. | 
Best ofter! Collect: 1-629-1o22 otter 6: 
1976 OLDS 98 

•75 CAMARO, red. Loaded, hire 
Toke up payments, 974-6671 
•69 Comoro, 4 speed, Bood condi I hon SHOO 977 99re 
1974 Comoro, wifes personal cor, j 
18,9oo mi. O rig in a l owner, colt atter 6 weekdays, anytim e wee ! kends. 656-4291. 

I Regency 2-dr., I owner Uke 
N ew Loaded, Silver on Silver, 
Maroon trim 
13,ooo miles. 
See to believe ^ 1874A 

A N C IR A W IN T O N 

75 Caprice. 4 doer hardtop, a ir extras, by owner, call 49o-8378 \ 

N. FLORES AT M ARTIN 

2 2 S -5 3 3 3 

Charles Orsinger 
45oo San Pedro 
734-4221 

Spires-Douglas 
5o1 Broadway 
226-1361 

 mm 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

 jTenth Pa g e _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
E x p re s s -N e w s — M o n d a y M a y 2 , I 9 7 7 

73o^743-iuJTOMOBIlES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743AUToMoBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

INTRODUCING THE ALL NEW 
CHRYSLER T 

\ 
I 
I 

I 

'is m m a zel* e m WQ 

You won’t believe the luxury until you see it. 

You won’t believe the ride until you try it. 

You won’t believe the price until you hear it. 

Come see it now 

IT S THE BEGINNING OF A TOTALLY 

NEW CLASS OF AUTOMOBILES. 

Now on Display 
AT 

 i 

I 

 fOutstanding j'C 
J 
Buys 
| 

 rn 
I I M C A D IL LA C 
I I 
D o r a d o 
■ 
I 
74 muni* '•W WW 
B 
I 
> 6 7 5 o 1 

<1 / PONTIAC 
Grand 
Prix, 

1 
7 6 a s * 
> 4 8 9 5 

I 
* T A 
I 
4 A C 
H / o on, borgoin 
4 9 5 
I 
’ 7 A HORNET station wagon, m / 4 deluxe sport s n o f t c g about, loaded 
/ J 7 J 
! BROUGHTON 
I 
MOTORS 
■ 
21 3o Austin Hwy. 

746 TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 

■ ■ a n a m a ..... 

746 TRUCKS S COMMERCIAL 
THUM. BHK 
746 - TRICKS I CMMfRCIAl 
TMIUIIS, BUSES 

746 T i m I CQMMERCIRl 
Tfuuuas. Bases___ 

655-o241 

I 
! 

I I 
■ I 

SPRING TIME 
BONANZA SALE 

 t 
F R E E ! ! 

76 V W BUS 

19o1 B R O A D W A Y 

2 2 4 -5 5 1 6 

A N C I R A W 
I N T O N 

735-CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E and G M G P IC K U P S 
823 No. M ain Boerne 249-3566 
D IR E C T L IN E : 226-5515 
65 C h r y sle r , $25o. A ls o ‘67 
Chrysler, $2oo. All power, air. 
349 4861 
•75 C h ry sle r Cordoba. A M - F M stereo, low m ileage Exce lle n t condition. $4o95. 653-o296. 
•72 C h ry sle r, 4-door h a rd to p , clean, $1375. 661 26o9 
•71 Chrysler 4 dr Newport Royal, like new. Quick sale $145o. Call 
732-7881 

WJ 
W IN N E B A G O CUSTOM 
V 
FIBERGLASS CAMPER COVER 

S u p e r t o u g h , s u p e r g o o d l o o k i n g — r o c k s w o n t ni ck if, b r a n c h e s 

* „ w o n t s c r a t c h it; it n e v e r n e e d s w a n i n g o r , p a i n t i n g . . It m a k e s a 

 p i c k u p m u c h m o r e t h a n a t r u c k v 

 o« F R E E ! ! 

FARGO COLOR KEYED FIBERGLASS CAMPER 
(Y O U R CHOICE! 
Bonanza ’77 SPECIAL 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 

' 
;; 
"The Dealer that tells it like it is" 
28oo BROADWAY 
824-6331 
A C R O SS FROM BRACKENRIDGE PARK 

1975 EL CAMINO 
CLASSIC 

V8, auto., air, power steer­ ing, green & white. #1814A 

A N C I R A W 
I N T O N f 
19o1 BROADWAY 224-5516 

# TAKE OVER # 
PAYMENTS ti NO EQUITY It 
'7 4 CUTLASS SUPREME. Loaded! 
• 7 5 CAMARO IT, 26,ooo miles, 
LOADED 
• 7 5 NOVA 2-door, STANDARD 
• 75 NOVA 2 -door, LOADED 
'7 5 LORD Kickup 
'7 6 LORD (LUE, loaded 
CALL: 222-o986 
ASK FOR DENNIS 
Alter I: at nile call: 656-4321 

$594. 64 C H R Y S L E R Newport 
58,ooo mi. term s avoil. Rick Hood, 
Fred Baron, 341 5571 
•72 C H R Y S L E R Newport, custom, loaded. 78,ooo im S145o. 333 5o15 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo NVY LO O P 41o at Culebra 
684-661o 
JA C K R E IG E R 
C H R Y S L E R -P L Y M O U T H 
581o SA N P E D R O 
732-8211 
Newport Custom, ‘71. 2 door, ex­ cellent condition N ew battery, good tires. Very clean. M ust sell, 
$1,35o. 828-8o38. 
67 N ew p ort 3 new tires, $45o. 
494 6o9o, 699-324). 

736 DODGE 

‘7o C H A L L E N G E R , all pow er, factory air, 9o%financing a vaila ­ ble. call 224-4419 
•73 C H A L L E N G E R $238o 
O r Best Offer— 224-6956 
•76 C h a rg e r D a y to n a , F u lly equipped including sunroof, ster­ eo, tape deck. 734-6o4o 
•69 C H A R G E R 2-door hardtop, power, air $795. financing a vaila ­ ble. 224-4419 
’68 Dart, air, auto, good tronspor- ation, $45o. 733-1479. 
'73 Dart Swinger. 2-dr. Blue, white vinyl roof Blue int, auto., 6 cyl. 
A ir, p o w e r, $2ooo. 223-3831 ; 
648-3oo5, Mr. M urray. 
•75 Dodge Colt Wagon, air, auto, low mileage, 5285o. 684-628)______ 
'/o D O D G E 44o Coronet, 9-pass wag , air, rack, 318-auto, $895, 
674-o458. 
•75 Dodge Coronet. 2-dr. Custom. 
9.ooo miles. Call: 349-o21). 
’68 Dodge Coronet SOO. 8 CVI., good condition. $65o. 344-2924. 
•67 Dodge Coronet. 4-dr., std By owner. 
$775. 
After 
5 pm .: 
923-23o8. 

I M 
M 

 r n 

FARGO 
WINNEBAGO 
SHORT WHEEL BASE FLEETSIDE 

★ 2o In Stock af this Price 
★ Tinted G lass 

★ Deluxe 2 Tone 
★ All weather 

★ Folding seat back air conditioning 

★ Chrome front Bumper 
★ Com bination Dome 

★ Carpet 
Cargo Lamp 

★ Body Side M ouldings 
★ Front Stabilizer Bar 

(upper and lower) 
★ Heavy Duty Rear Springs 

★ Scottsdale Equioment 
★ Vacuum Power Brakes 

* Knit Vinyl Bench 
★ 35o 4 BBL Engine 

★ Turbo Hydra Transm ission 

★ Tilt Steering Wheel 
★ Power Steering 
★ M etal Wheel Covers 
★ Electric Clock 
★ W indshield Antenna 
★ Chromed Grill 
★ G 78-1 5/B This. Hwy. 
Belted W hitew alls 

SALE PRICE 
$ 
UST PRICE $6536.25 
USS BONANZA DISCOUNT $772.25 _ 
_ 

* Prices of other trucks in stock, vary according to optional equipment. 
LONG WHEEL BASE PICKUPS IN STOCK 
5764 

•72 Dodge Coronet Wagon. Auto., air, all power, roof rack. N ew battery and shocks. Low mileage. 
Immaculate! $2295. 661-3994 after 
6 . 
•75 Dodge Dart, auto, air, cruise. 
Best offer. 349-59o2, 342 588o 

734-CHEVROLET 

STK. # A l383DE 
Driver education car with new car warranty. 

$347. 67 C H E V Y C A P R IC E 
Term s available, R ic k Hood or 
Fred Baron, 341-5571_____________ 
•73 C H E V Y C A P R IC E , 4 door hardtoo, extra clean, all power, factory air, $1795. 9 o S financing available 224-4419 
‘71 Chevy Custom Im pala, low mileage, I owner 342-o668. 

□ 35o V-8 

□ Automatic Transmission 

□ Power Steering 

□ Power Brakes 

□ Tinted Glass 

□ Air Conditioning 

□ Dual Sport Mirrors 

□ Color Keyed Sport 

Wheels 

□ Full accent stripes 

□ Color keyed side 

 molding 

’64 Chevy. 6 cyl., auto., air. 
227-215o. 
$2oo. 

71 Dodge Swinger, 4 dr , autom a­ tic, air, $995 
Call Manuel 
_____________341-9433_____________ j 
D od ge V an , *74. $285o or best < ofter. Excellent cond. 674-2528 or 
673-2481__________________________ 
‘72 F o r d L T D . 2 d o o r 
4o,ooo miles. I owner. Coll: 349 o211. 
•72 Galaxy. 4-dr., excellent cond. 
S149S. 824-1356, 922-o51)._________ 
G as Saver, 1974 Colt, low mi. fac­ tory air, 2-door hardtop, $1,85o. 
655-5567 

A N C I R A 
W I N T O N : 
N. FLORES m JBMLww ooc c i l l 
AT M ARTIN 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 -AUTOMOBILES 
739 -MERCURY 

□ Steel Belted Whitewalls 
□ *EPA Rated 2o MPG 

□ AM -FM Stereo 

□ Custom Crown Landau 
List Price $6796. 

HWY., 15 MPG CITY 

□ Average 17 

YOUR PRICE *5671 
Good Selection at Similar Savings. r77 LE SABRE 4-DOOR 

■ 
•' 
• twin 

[. #B2332 
F a c to ry C ar 
*25 MILES 
PER GALLON 

* EPA rated 25 MPG, 
Highw ay; I 7 M PG City; 
A ve age 2o M PG 

FULL SIZE LUXURY 
Loaded With Power Options 

List Price $7985.65 

YOUR 
PRICE 

W E SELL BUICKS EVERY DAY TO PEOPIE W HO THOUGHT THEY 

COULD BUY ONLY FORDS OR CHEVROLETS 
5o1 BROADWAY 

R ig h t D o w n t o w n n 

6 4 5 4 

226-1361 

■73 C H E V Y ll N O V A $179o '6 ‘ 
ST A N D A R D , A IR , H A T C H B A C K . 
LOW M IL E S . 828-6959____________ 
74 C H E V Y IM P A L A 4-dr, ectro clean, fully equipped, includ es i auto, a ir, p o w e r. 
$2o95. 
9o%fmoncing available 224-4419 
‘71 C H E V Y Im pala 4-door, good transportation $535. 224-4419 
'74 Chevy Im pala. Air, A M -F M I stereo, good cond. $25oo or best I otter Atter 5 492 9574____________ 
72 C H E V Y IM P A L A 
Good cond. $149o 654-1oo1 ________ j 

73 CHEVY IMPALA $2389 
Stat.on Wagon, L O A D E D ! ' 

H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o) SW M ilitary 922-6317 
•74 Chevy Impala. 4-dr., absolute- ty perfect! Coll 349-o211.________ 
'64 Chevy Impala 4-dr. Sedan. 327, auto., $4oo or best ofter. After 3 p.m.: 824-4214; 342-8922 

737-FORD 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Take up paym ents with Qualified credit. Applications accepted by phone. No application refused 
M R 
E A R L ______________ 227-141$ 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
San Antonio_______ Coll: 227-o86o 
•7o Falcon auto. nice car. $89$ best otter 656-1ooo________________ 
•7$ F o rd Elite, extra clean, all power, air, am-fm stereo- 2o,ooo miles, spoke hubcaps, white on white, $4695. 653 5593 
■63 F O R D F A IR L A N E 
734-9777_____________ 
)964 Ford Fairlane Sports Coupe, 
$35o. Call 433-33oo 

‘67 Chevy impala. R u n s good, air, auto, $75o 684-8189. 

Ford G alax y 5oo '7o. Auto, air, excellent cond. $1195 673-232o 
‘71 F O R D L T D Brougham , power, air, am-fm, good cond. $115o. 
342-1562 

•66 C H E V Y Malibu, I owner 
$595. 3859 Nogolitos, 923-28o1 
•75 Chevy M alibu Classic. 4-dr., loaded. $295o. 657-1988.___________ 
'72 C H E V Y Monte Carlo, extra clean, all pow er, fa c to ry a ir, 
S189S. 9o% financing available. call 224-4419 

Ford 197o L T D Brougham , excel­ lent. One owner. $115o, 661-2741 afternoons 

•68 C H E V Y N O V A 
$5oo firm, 733-153o 
•7S C H E V Y N o v a h a tc h b a c k coupe, immaculate, $2895. trade, 
342-2o93 

•75 Ford L T D Country Squire 9 p a sse n g e r W agon, air, pow er, luggage rack, split bench power seats, am -fm tape deck, 46o en- oine, new tires, towing package, very clean. 1-569-4oo7. After 6, I-, lQ g E g 569-4o14. Pleasanton 
•74 F O R D L T D 2-door hardtop, fully equipped in c lu d e s, auto, power, factory air, $2195. 9 o % 
Financing available. 224 4419 

‘63 F O R D 4-door, good transpor­ tation $275. 224-4419 
•65 Impala, air, auto., 46,ooo mi. 
Very good cond. $6oo. 344-9o7o or: 
Jim, 696-6535 
66 im pala, 6 cy l , std, radio, healer. $375. 341-5472 after 5 

•72 F O R D L T D Pow er steering and b ra ke s, air, 67,ooo m iles. 
$18oo or best ofter. E xce lle n t condition. 658-2519. 
•74 F o rd LT D . Pow er steering, a ir. 
N ew tire s, b ra k e s . 
Reasonable. By owner 658-2o37 

•69 IM P A L A 4 door 6 cy lin d e r standard. $77o 344-4885._________ _ 
75 Impala. 4-dr. C ream . 36,ooo miles. Good rubber, vinyl interior. 
Clean. $3295 732-2297. 
•72 impala 4 dr hardtop, om-fm, 4 new steel ra d ia ls , v in y l top, power, air, very clean, will trade. 
$175o. 494-366o except Sat. 

'74 F O R D LT D 
Take over paym ents, no equity coll Credit M anager, 349-6948 
$289. 69 F O R D LTD, terms 
Available, call Rick Hood or Fred 
Baron, 341-5571 

!o Impala I dr hdtp, 
$1o95. 341-o296 real clean. 

•74 Impala station wagon, 9 p as­ senger. clean, good cond. $2,95o. 
673-49o2 after 6PM 
•7o Kmgswood wagon good cond. 
$13oo or best offer. 434-2153 aft. 5. 

SPIRES DOUGLAS BUICK 

Leaving Country. M u st sell ’76 
Chevelte. Low miles, under w ar­ ranty. $3oo down or best otter, take o v e r p a y m e n ts. K a t h y . 
225-3295 d a y s____________________ 
•76 Malibu Classic. Like new con­ dition 349-7889___________________ 

’73 M A L IB U 2-Dr. 
Take over paym ents, no equity. coll Credit Manager, 349-6948 
•76 Monte Carlo. 35o VB, auto., air, j power, A M -F M stereo. Like new 
$4495. 927-2651.___________________ 
‘74 M O N T E C A R L O , take UP payments. 924-6671 

•73 Ford Pinto, 4-speed, excellent condition. $1375 684-3382 

’76 F O R D T O R IN O 
2-dr. T a ke o ve r p a ym e n ts, no equity, call 
Credit 
M anager, 
349-6948 

74 GALAM W 
4-door Sedan. Loaded! Vinyl roof, I 
Extra clean ..................... $2789 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW Military 922-6317 
*67 Galoxie, excellent cond) new and battery, $S95 494 3376. 

INVENTORY CLEARANCE 

74 SUBARU 
4-Door Standard, A i r 
....... $1688 

74 HORNET 
4-Door, Automatic, A ir 
$1988 

 m 
. . _ - 
Runabout Automatic, 
73 PINTO 
Air, 21,ooo W ile s ............................... $2188 

73 MAVERICK 
LOO la o a d e d .. . . ................. $2588 

75 PINTO Runabout Automatic, A ir 
$2788 

75 1oYoTA 
W agon, Automatic, A i r .................$2988 

74 LTD 2-Door 
Hardtop looded . . . . ............. $3388 

74 MONTI CA RIO ................. $3488 

73 CAMARO Z28 ................. $3688 

75 OLDS Delta 88 4-Door, 22,ooo M ile s ... ..........$3788 

76 IMPALA 4-Door, A M -fM Tape All P o w e r . . . $3988 

75 GRAN TORINO wS.’T T ' 
$3988 

76 MONARCH 
............... $4188 

75 COUGAR XR-7 ................. $4388 

74 PONTIAC Grand Prix fully P o w e r e d 
$4388 

75 DODGE Charger 2-Door, A M -F M 
$4388 

75 LTD LANDAU m .„...............$4488 

76 MONTE CARLO................. $4988 

76 CUTLASS Solon 2-Door, fully Equipped .. ..$5388 

75 OLDS 4-Door, 98 Regency All E xtra s. . . 
. . . $5988 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

98oo Son Pedro 
O R IN SU NDAY 
341.5591 EXT. 3oo 

•75 Cougar XR7, turquoise, white vinyl top, am-fm, 8 track stereo, new tires, excellent condition, must sell! $4895. 828-6824 
•72 M arau is stationwagon, gold, oil pow er and air, stereo, new brakes, excellent condition. $18oo. 
684-3644, 698-2o75. 

74o-OLDSMOBILE 

Toke over payments, no equity '75 
Olds Cutlass. Call: 824-76o6 after 
7: 494-5734 
•73 Toronado, like new $2695 W ill trade 923-2883 

1969 M e rc u ry . A ll pow er. A ir. 
Runs perfect! $495 333-9o85 after 
5:3o 
‘76 M ercury Cougar XR7. loaded 
$52oo. 732-2632 anytime. 
•77 M ercury Gran M arquis. 2-dr., loaded. Still in w arranty. $75oo. 
225-3o91; eves: 494-288o. 

741- 

‘75 F U R Y Custom coupe. Loaded, 
$275o. 822-oo88 
’71 Fury HI 4-dr Sedan. I owner. 
Clean. $995. 227-1426; 653-oo26 
'75 P ly m o u th B e a u tifu l W hite 
Wagon, $2475. 654-1oo1. 

'75 M ercury M arquis Brougham . 
Fully loaded, pew tires. 1-42o-2o53. 
•74 M e rc u ry M a r q u is W agon. 
Loaded, new tires. Leaving town. 
$315o or make ofter. 684-2192. 

•7o P L Y M O U T H Duster, six, with air, very clean, 35,ooo mi. $1495. 
735-7276. 
•71 P L Y M O U T H D U S T E R 2 door hordop, extra clean, auto, radio, heater, factory air, 6 cyl. $89$. 
9o% financing available, 224-4419 
•7) M e rc u ry M a r q u is W agon. 
$95o. 225-3o91; eves: 494-288o. 
•72 M e r c u r y M o n te g o 4-door. 
5o,ooo miles. Best otter 342-o211. 

•68 Plym outh F u ry III V8, air, excellent cond. 734-6592. 

•73 M ercury Montego Brougham 
$23oo 828-85o6 after 5: p.m. 

•71 Plymouth Fury III. 4 dr sedon, j automatic, air and steering, runs and looks excellent. $95o. 681-21o5. 

‘75 M O N A R C H G H IA , 2 dr, 2S6, air, power. 696-3o95. 
•76 M o n a rc h 13,ooo m iles, air, power, om-fm. $43oo. 681-2385. 

1972 Plymouth Fury HI 2-door. (2) new tires. 
$12oo 
653-o653 or 
655 12o1 

‘7o Montego hardtop stand, good car $975 best otter 656-1ooo______ 
•74 Montego M X . Air, am-fm ster­ eo, vinyl top, power. 
$27oo. 
494-1569. 

74o -OLDSMOBILE 

Clean 1976 Used C ars At: 
B U D G E T R E N T A C A R 349 4443 
338 N.E. Loop 41o qt Airport Blvd 
'75 C utlass 4 dr, loaded. $355o. 
349-3398 evenings, weekends. 
75 C U T L A SS SA LO N 
Low mileage, 924-o331______ 
'76 C u tla ss Salon. M in t cond. 
A M -F M tape, cruise control. Air, power, Landau top. 341-2o68. 
■77 C U T L A S S SA L O N . F O R IN 
F O R M A T IO N 657 25o9; 342-o969, 
‘73 C u tla ss Su p re m e 2 dr, oil power, vinyl top, very clean. Coll 
699 )o25. 
•73 C u tla ss Su p re m e , o rig in a l owner, fully equipped, excellent cond, low mileage. 822-5756. 
•74 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E , nice, take up payments. 924-6671 
•74 Cutlass Suprem e. 2-dr. h a rd ­ top. 
Looded. 
$3495. 
824-1356, 
922-o511. 
•71 Delta 88. Air, power, radials 
Good cond. $1195. 696 1359 
■72 D E L T A Royalle 2-door, load ed. V ery mce. Sacrifice, $16oo. 
656-1965; 433-9926 

737 -FORD 

GALE MOTOR CO 
'73 Ford Ctry.-Wgn 
'73 Pinto, Air 
7o Buick LeSobre 
'71 Datsun wagon 
. 
65 Chevy Van ..... 
69 LT D Ctry Squire 
ON T H E SPO T F IN A N C IN G 
225-6452 

$1495 
$1195 
. $995 
. S995 
. $895 

•72 Maverick. New paint, battery! 
Good cond. 333-92o3. 648 1892 
66 M U ST A N G , air, new tires, au- to- new motor. 658-8884.__________ 

'73 M U S T A N G 2-DR 
Take over paym ents, no equity, coll Credit Manager. 349-6948 
•74 Mustang ll, auto, power, am- fm, 26,ooo mi, $235o. 736-7545. 

•7o Monte Carlo. 46,ooo miles. owner Call: 349-o211. 

DEVINE FORD INC. 

NO. I Beating Uptown Prices 

• LOW O VERHEAD • VOLUME SALES 
SMAIL PROFIT DEALER 

GUARANTEES, 
*2oo. to *5oo. 
IN S A V IN G S ! 
ON ALL CARS & TRUCKS 

DEVINE FORD INC. 
8o1 
N.TEEL DR. H IG H W A Y 81 
DEVINE, TEXAS 

CASH FOR 
YOUR CAR 
TOP PRICE PAID FOR 
CUAN USED CARS & TRUCKS 
V •-’ V ANY MODEL 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o B R O A D W A Y . , . '. . . . ' 297. 

•74 Monte Carlo. Silv e r, black 
Landau roof. Auto., power steer­ ing, air. A M -F M , cruise control. 
$34oo. 653-13o8.___________________ 
M U S T S E L L -72 B isc a y n e V8. 
4-door, power, air, nice. $1395. 
Will take trade. 655-5o77. 

•73 G ra n Torino wagon, am -fm stereo, oir, power, luggage rack, superb cond. $235o. 494-7373. 

74 M u sta n g ii G h ia V6 4 sod, i loaded, 24,6oo mites, excellent, 
$29oo firm. 674-3127 otter 5 pm. 
'75 M u s ta n g ll G h ia . 4 cy l, 
4-speed, air, radials, tach., radio. 
$2995 or best offer 
824-4214; 
342-8922 after 3 p m 

72 Nova 6 cyl, auto, 4 dr, excel- 
| lent cond, $1495. 623-5)55.________ 

734 CWEVBOLFT 
734 CHEVROLET 

S A. Phone 677-82oo 
Devine 663-2876 

'76 Caprice Estate Wagon, all ex­ tras, saddle color, 9 passenger, by owner, 684-5864.___________ 
'75 Cheven# Malibu!- 4-dr, green with white top. Clean, vinyl inter­ ior. $2995. Days: 532-2454; eves: 
658-6875.x _______________________ 
‘76 Chevrolet Caprice. Like new! 
$4995 Will trade 923-2883 

‘75 Chevrolet M erna, like newt 
$3195 Will trade 923-2883 

1972 Chevrolet Kingsw ood wagon. 
SI5oo. 623-121o before 5pm. 

1975 Chevrolet M o n io 2 + 2, oir, 
16,5oo mi. $3ooo or best otter. 
828-213o or 657-3o88.______________ 
■66 Chevy. Air, rodio, clean. $25o 
Call; 342-o633 
$547. C H E V Y C A P R IC E , 69 
Auto, air, term s available. Rick 
Hood or Fred Baron, 341-5571 

76 NOVA 2 DOOR i V-8, automatic, air, power . $3795 
JA M ISO N Mtrs. 223-52o! Seguin 

SACRIFICE 
72 2 dr Chevy Impala, air, vinyl fop, stereo. 696 7987 
$1695 
Take over payments, no equity '73 
N O VA 
Call: 
824-76o6 after 
7. 
494-5734_______________________________ 
•72 V E G A GT 
4 speed. 658-8884 
73 V E G A GT 4 speed, air, $1o95. 
Atter 6 pm, 337-6513._____________ 
•73 Vega Hatchback 2 dr, std, air, clean, reasonable. 432-o565.______ 
'75 Vega Hatchback Coupe, $2,ooo 
435-2485, 224-829o, 341-6493_______ 
■72 Vega 4-speed 48,ooo m iles 
Air, radio, perfect! $1195 firm 
Copt. Thompson 653-8894 after 6. and weekend m ornings 
71 V E G A S T A T IO N W A G O N 
AIR. S75o^CALL. 661-5216.----------- 

I 73 GRAN TORINO $2689 
Station W agon, load ed! T h ird seat, luggage rack 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW Military 922-6317 

K IN S E L Ford-Mercury 
Pleasanton, S A. Phone 626-2791 

738 LINCOLN_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

69 Lincoln Continental. A C L A S ­ 
SIC! Outstanding condition. M ust see to appreciate. $2395. After 5 p m : 623-4o52.___________________ 
1975 Lincoln Continental, 4-door sedan, I owner, fully equipped 
2o,ooo mi. $6,85o. Can be seen at 
Jim m y Long's Gulf Station 3619 S. 
Zarrom ora.______________________ 
•71 Lincoln. Tudor. Good condi- tion. $15oo. 341-o448, R ic k ________ 
1969 M A R K H I, mint condition, loaded, new transm ission, tires, i and CB. $2695. Or Best Offer 
923-5911. 

73 Delta 88 Royale. Air, power, 
$1895. 653-3221; 221-2624. 
•75 Delta 88 Royale 4-dr. Like new, only 2o,ooo miles. Loaded with all 
8 extras. $39oo. 696-7585. 
•73 Delto Royale, 2-dr. stereo, loaded. Sacrifice. $165o. 656-1965. 

Hertz is Selling Quality 
Used C ars From Our Rental Flee! 
( 1976 Used) 
1331 SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
For information Call: 826-9665 

•71 Plymouth Fury Custom 2-door hardtop. New paint job. air, heat. 
P o w e r b ra k e s , ste e rin g . A M radio. E xce lle n t ru b b e r. M in t condition! 9: to 5: 341-448o after 
6: p.m.735-1646___________________ 
69 Plym outh F u ry til, 2-door, good condition, $85o or best otter. 
822-1197 or 655-3214 otter 6pm 
'72 Plym outh Satellite Custom . 
Excellent cond. $1395. 733-o563; 
3 4 9 -3 4 2 8 .______________________ 
•74 Plymouth Sebring Plus. Power s te e rin g , a ir, A M - F M . $27oo. 
1-762-3623, 1-762-322o.____________ 
•74 Plymouth Sebring Plus. Power steering, air, A M -FM . Best offer. 
1-762-3623; 1-762-322o.____________ 
'73 P L Y M O U T H Sport F u ry all power, factory air, $ 1 195. 9o% finoncing available, call 224-44)9 
•67 P ly m o u th sta tio n w a go n 
Needs valve lob $25o or best otter 
923-2883 
Plym outh V alient - B y Owner. 
1974. 4 dr, air, pow er, low nil. 
Excellent. 522So. 735-81o1 
'77 Plymouth Volare Sport Coupe 
318 eng., 4-spd. A M -F M 8 track 
$4ooo. 698-2228. 
Selling a 197o R oadrunner R u n ­ ning in very good condition. Has 
Headers. $5oo. The lowest price is 
$45o 435-6327 
•73 V A L IA N T , 2o,ooo mi. E x tra cle an , a ir, v8. E st a te Sole, 
826-7o21 eves 

742-PONTIAC 

•7o B o n n e ville w agon. 9 pass, power. $9oo- best ofter 657-41o2 
'68 Bonneville, good tran sp orta­ tion, $6oo 828-6558 after 4pm 
Bonneville, ‘71, 4-door hardtop, excellent condition. I owner. Good gas mileage 1-426-379o 
1972 C A T A L IN A , B R O U G H A M 
P O N T IA C . 4 door, power steer­ ing brakes, air. Good condition and a good buy at $18oo 656-7717 

'71 Mustang M ach I air. power. 24m pg. L ik e new. 
Owner. $2495, 341-2933. 

•72 M A R K IV, all power, complete with speed control. Blue, white vinyl top, white leather interior, i 
3o2 V8, std., 
Beautiful condition. $41oo. Owner, 
532-8421 

197o O LD D E L T A 88, 4 door 
__________$7oo. 824-973o__________ 
1975 O L D S Cutlass S. 2 dr. Load ed, extra clean, 
18,ooo miles. 
341-3485. 

'71 Catalina. Low mileage, power, air, 4-door 51o5o. 675-o434. 

•66 O L D S C u tla ss w agon $35o trade, 342-2o93 

•73 LTD, clean, 4-door, all power, cruis-o-m atic, air, 2 b arrel c a r­ buretor, regular gas., I owner. 
$2o95. 342-o367 

•67 Mustang, 289, V-8, auto, air, 
$1ooo. 658-8854____________________ 
71 Pinto, automatic, 2 dr. $975 
Call Manuel 
_____________341-9433______________J 
•76 Pinto $3oo eauity, take over, payments. 657-2922 before noon. 
•73 Pinto Runabout Loaded. Ex-! cedent cond. I owner. $1625 Ri-; chard: 225-5111 M on. thru F ri.l 
1969 L T D 4 door hardtop. Best 
Otter. 333-5892. 
8:3o to 5. 
75 Pinto Stationwagon, 4 spd, air, 
$215o 
Call Manuel 
341-9433 

'72 L T D 4-dr hardtop Air, power steering, brakes. $165o 698-261o 
•71 L T D , power, air, excellent cond, must sell. $1 195. 532-7494. 

74 MAVERICK COUPE 
2-door, 6 cylinder, automatic, air, low miles ...................... $2589 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o) SW Military 922-6317 

'77 T B IR D FO R IN F O R M A T IO N 
C A LL: 657-25o9; 342-o969. 
•74 T Bird. 16,ooo mi. V ery new tire s, b ra k e s , s h o c k s S43oo. 
Bob 826-3o81, 8-lQpm 
65 T-B1RD. New paint, engine, tires. 
$1695. 
225-3o91; eves: 
494-288o. 

! ‘7o M A V E R IC K 2-door, 6 sta n ­ dard, radio, heater, $545, fmanc- 
! ing available. 224-4419 

69 Torino W agon. Pow er, air, auto , 351 V8. $1o75 653-2oo3 

WE’RE SELLING I! 
OUR FLEET 

| 73 Maverick, 2 dr. LDO. autom a­ tic, air, power steering 
Call Manuel 
341-9433 
•7o M a v e ric k . 2dr., 6 cyl, a ir, radio- steel radials. Best otter 
8727 AIRPORT BLVD 

•75 M A R K IV, loaded 
Extra nice, $695o 923-7174 
•74 M ark iv. Low mi. $6295. Jon- ieti: 736-4311 or 655-31o4._________ 
'72 M ark IV. 51,ooo m i„ mint cond. 
I ow ner, P r o f . ’s ca r. B ro w n . 
Wholesale. 436-33o7; 1-538-39oo. 
'72 M ark IV. White on black, sun roof, low mileage. New Michelin tires. 349-2611 anytime.___________ 
72 M ark IV. White. $375o. 655-5512 between 8-1o am ; after 8 p.m. 

•76 O L D S C u t la s s S u p re m e , coupe. Factory air, am-fm stereo 
Red. white vinyl top. 
$47oo 
696-7558 
•77 O L D S Cutlass Suprem e 
Brougham , loaded. N ever re g is­ tered. Still in W a rra n ty $12oo. under list. 924-6671 

’73 Olds C utlass 
Auto, power steering, air, 37,ooo original miles. M ust sell. $2375. 
732-2143. 

73 catalina Pontiac 
4-door, loaded! Vinyl root 
. $1289 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922 6317 
■7o C atalin a. W ife 's C a r. A ir, power, good cond. $1o95. 494-7866. 
'7o Firebird, air, power, t owner, 
A l condition, 341-4323, 696-4225. 
69 Firebird , clean. F irst $9oo. 
673-5112. 69 F IR E B IR D — C L E A N 
_______ firs! $9oo 673-5112 
1976 G ra n d P rix , a ir, pow er, stereo 19,ooo m iles. $4795 best 
Otter 653-3221, 221-2624 

739 -MERCURY 

72 Capri 2ooo. Air, pretty car well maintained. $1295. 69o-9347 eves. 
•72 Colony Park IO passenger sta­ tion wagon. A ll power and air. 
New brakes, new tune-up. Excel­ lent cond. I owner. $9,ooo mi. Best ofter over $185o 492-172o 

226-4111 days, 681-2965 eves 
CALL 225 1666 
Call: JOHN 
341-8211 

•73 Comet, V-8, auto, power steer­ ing, air, 2-door, w ith cu sto m option. A M -F M , $2,4oo. 655-o977 
After 5. 
68 C O U G A R 2-dr Hardtop 
K IN N E Y M O T O R S 
1928 B io o d w a y 
828 221 3 
•73 C O U G A R XR7, all power, air, good c o n d itio n . $21oo F IR M . 
828-487o after 6. 

73 OLDS DELTA’88’ 
Loaded! Vinyl roof ........... $2389 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 927-6317 
Olds 73 '98'. E ve ry option. Grand o p e n in g sa le o n ly SI89 5 -4 o2 6 
Broadway 826-2793 
71 Olds ’88' E xtra clean! $1395 
Will trade 923-2883 
‘75 Oldsmobile Starfire. Air, auto., 
It,OOO miles. $35oo. or better offer. 
657-3o88 or 828-213o. 
•69 Oldsm obile Toronado. clean inside and out, full power, new tires, asking $65o cash. Call aft 5 
681-1383. 

74 G ra n d P rix . F u lly Loaded. 
Must Sell 
Cat) Manuel 
_____________341-9433__________ 
'76 G R A N D P R IX 
Low mileage, call 924-o331 
G ra n d P rix , 1976, P ow er, air, 
A M -F M Cassette, cloth interior, 
15,ooo mi. 
$5,395. 
349-6518, 
655-o879 
_________________ 
‘75 Grand .Prix, silver with black vin y l root, all pow er, am ini, cru ise control. $485o. 341 5651 after 5 pm. 
________________ 
•73 Grand P rix s j fully loaded. great condition, very clean, gold with white vinyl top, $1995 or best ofter 227-5161 (Dede), 735-8338 or see at S39 Queen Anne Ct. between 
5-7 pm. 

•75 C O U G A R X R 7 26,ooo m iles, power, cruise $4ooo. 1-899-2o65 

C A U 22 5 1666 

1972 Olds 88 Royale, loaded, doc­ to rs ca r, $14oo o r b e st o ffe r 
492-1994 otter 6 pm.______________ 
•68 O L D S T O R O N A D O 
$5oo______________________653-7o96 
Sacrifice, lu xury 1973 beige To rcnado, one owner, low mileage, loaded. $17oo. 824-1oo6 

'7o G ran Prix. 42,ooo mi., nun) cond $175o. 344-4662 after 5 
•73 G R A N V IL L E 4-DOOR 
Loaded. Clean $18oo. 494 3126 
‘72 L E M A N S 35o, auto. 2-door. radio, heater, air, tope deck, vinyl top, garage kept, excellent condi- tion. 494-2oo2 eves.___________ 

_ 
Cd U 22$. 1666 f 

D A M H IC JA BMC 
J p 
B 
M 
P 
M 
N 
P 
S p 
J A 
M 
R 
P 
T E Y A C C IV E C J IlflP if& m R 
I BdMJHuP SMI AiE E^%w l l “ w J m m 

NON COMMERCIAL) 
C A N C IU ABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATS CHANOS 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
Q U IC K RESULTS! 

 w 
- i s a a r 
? w 
' ^ 

 c xp ress-N ew s— M o n d a y M a y 2, I 977 

Special Shipment 

T.E.C. VANS 

LONG WHEEL BASE MODELS 

V 
I K 

O N SALE N O W ... SO HURRY 

* 8 9 8 9 * 

•Plus ta x , title, license & dealer prep. 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS i i h f C E N T E R 

1 o 1 o SAN PEDRO • 2 2 2 -8 8 6 8 
Across From Hemphill McCombs M ain Store! 

1977 HONDA GI 1ooo, Demo, 239oo mi. # 7 5 7 3 .................................................... 

1975 HONDA GI 1ooo, W indjam m er, custom s e a t.................................................... 

1976 HONDA CB 75 OF W indjam m er 
» 5 4 2 A ............................................................ 

1975 KAWASAKI 9oo Dresser, loaded . . . 

1974 KAWASAKI 9oo Z I ............................. 

1974 HONDA C875oK, new engine No. 
7 4 5 1 A .............................................................. 

1972 HONDA CB75oK, fairin g, » 5 4 7 A . . 

1972 HONDA CB75oK Cleon 3 7 9 A ............ 

" W 
B 
E f c r * - 
NORTHWEST HONDA 
29o7 FREDERICKSBURG 2D. 
736-46o7 

$ 1 6 9 5 . 
$ 1 9 9 5 . 

$ 1 6 9 5 . 

$ 1 3 9 5 . 
$ 1 1 9 5 . 
$ 1 1 9 5 . 

M ■ AIRCRAFT services. 

A LA M O F L Y E R S . INC 
“ YO U R P IP E R D E A L E R " 
8411 M ISSIO N RD 
122-1 JJS 

*3 C H E R O K E E 18o 
F rank Adam s, 659-1968 
M O O N E Y '61. All m etal H a lt in fo re s t, based K a r d v a . M anse 
652 4861; 658 7836. 

 s > J 

1975 Sk V h AW K. 85o TT dual 36o 
N A V C O M , IL S , A D F , I X P 
Like n e w . A s k in g S it ,9 5 9 , S ea a t 
Hanger 9 Stinson, 
„ _ _ _ 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

748 ■ TRUCKS t COMMERCIAL 
TRAMS. BITO 

FO R D V A N 67. £-15o. Carpeted int., bed, ice box, lig h tin g , A M - 
F M , 8-track. CB hookup antenna. 
C ra g er m ags, big ra d ia ls. $2ooo firm . 532-69o2. 

’77 SIERRA CLASSIC 
★ Boll Bar dr Fog lights dr Air Cond. 
★ Automatic 

★ Power 

 steering 

★ Tilt Wheel 

 dr AM-FM 

8 track 

★ Chrome 

 spoke wheels 

 dr Soft Ray glass 

★ 1ox15 Flotation tires 

★ Black with red interior trim. 

U S T $ 7 1 6 7 ” 

SPECIAL SALE 

 price $ 6 2 4 6 

P lu s t a x ; t i t l e , l i t e a s e . 

881oIH-1o East 
Phone 66f-4511 

73 F o r d W in d o w V a n , tip top shape, 
53,ooo or m ake offer. 
826-6o76 

FOR S A LE : T ra ile r, Gooseneck 
Used, 26’ Flat Bed, Dual Tandem 
Vacuum B rakes, Good Condition. 
$32oo Call M ike; 226-8271 

•76 F-25o, Super cab ranger, auto, a ir , p o w e r s te e r in g , b r a k e s , auxilllary tanks, 39o VS, cam per shell. 
11,ooo m i. 
$5995. 
M anuel 
341-9433. 
‘7o F-fOO. SWB, standard. $13oo. 
Pipe Creek, (1)535-4o13___________ 
‘65 GM C G rain T ru c k , tw in hyd. ram s. $38oo. 673-1o53. 
G M C '77. L o a d e d , u n d e r 8ooo mites. $55oo. 349-3649, 8 lo 5. 
•74 G M C, short bed. 6 cyl stand. 
$1895 Best offer. 656-1ooo 
71 G M C ’ 4 ton. Auto., CWB, v i pow er, r a d io . L ik e new tir e s , 
$12oo. 342-9882 a fte r 4, anytim e wkends. 
1974 GMC % to n !'d e '."a h power; air. 735-2593_________________ 
G R A N D E F O R D T R U C K SALES 
IH1o and W W. White Road 
661-4121 

76 IH C S c o u t ll 
S cvl., radio, 3 sad, IS city m pg, 
$3888. 732-2143 
'73 I.H .C . 17oo series with 2o' van body. Rollup re a r door, side door, and lift g a te , VS en g in e. 5 sod 
Irons. G rande Ford 661-4121 

74 IH C Traveler! 
VS, a ir, cruise, rad io , deluxe in­ terior and e xterio r, tra ile r pack­ age, luggage rack, S3885. Financ- ing available, 732-2143.___________ 

•7o Honda CL-35o E xcellen t con- dition. $35o. 924-2532._____________ 
72 H O N D A CL 175 s c ra m b le r, only 13oo m i. S how room cond. 
S45o. 684-476o eves._______________ 
Honda Elsinore 25o CR motocross ra c e r , im m a c u la te . $5oo fir m . 
342-1316 or 344-3441 ask (or Tim . 

 l972_Honda 7s{r"looks and runs g re a t. M u s t s e ll-m o v in g ! $995. 
Call 226-9738 otter 12 Noon. 
•75 H onda 5oo, look $ arid ru n s good, coli 534-41S6________________ 
‘74 H O N D A M T 25o, low m i. ex- cellent 434-5149 eves._____________ 

■73 H onda 45o. M u s t see to ap preciote. E xcellent cond 436-o314. 
H O NDA OF SAN A N T O N IO 
67o8 M O B U P _____________ 684 3682 

75 HO NDA 75o Super sport, cus­ tom pipes plus accessories, $1695. 
Call 684-7822 atter 5 pm. 
1975 H O N D A -IOO 4 Super Sport. 
Like new I $9oo- 492-928o _______ _ 
71 Honda 35oT o verh au led , new tire s , new b ra k e s ant! b a tte ry . 
F a ir in g , crash bar, saddlebags, luggage rack, sissy bar, helm ent. 
$595. 674-5889. 

DELUXE 
‘CAMEL’ 
POP-UP 
CAMPER 

* r g i a $ s a n s i a l u m i n u m , n a w 
• p a r e t i r e , s le e p s 
6 , b u t a n e s t a v e , ic e b o x , s in k , l a r g e f r o n t H v in r o o m t e n t , r e c le a n , l i k e n e w . 
3 

1976 Honda XL-25o" Blue, clean! 
$8oo. Call: 1-42o-2444. 

JOE H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
S ales-Service-Parts 
971o IH-35 NO. 
656-94oo 

5 1 O O O o o 

CALL 

8 2 6 - o 7 5 9 

•75 K AW ASAKI 
US Trailbike. 658-8884 
75 L avo n ia, the only L T L touring b ike in tow n. 3,2oo m ile s , m in t c ondition. W in d ja m m e r l l , lu g ­ gage rack w ith back rest. $1595. 
494-366o except Sat. 

M o t o r c y c le In s u r a n c e 
LOGSDON Agency 828-o6)7 
•76 M otto-G uiJi 1ooo. Auto., new cond., 8,ooo m i. Fully equipped. 
$27oo. 654-69oo aft. 7 p.rn 

69 N O R f ON" 75o Custom Chop- per. $775. 34 1 5472 afte r I . 

742- P M C 

74 L U X U R Y L e m a n s , p o w e r steering, brakes, am -fm 681-o239 eves r Pontiac Bonneville '71. 2-dr h a rd ­ top. I owner. E xcellent cond., new fires. $18oo. 695-8o26. 

’7o PONTIAC Catalina 
Take up paym ents, no equity, coll 
John Shmo, 349-6948 
* *73 Pontiac C atalina. 4-door, o ir, 
«. power, $14oo. 922-52o1. 

* 
68 Pontiac F ireb ird . 6 cvl. Good 
* running condition. $95o. 344-o614 atter 5 p m . 
______ 
197o Pontiac F ireb ird , 35o, V-8. Ail gauges. R a ile y w h e e ls p o w e r brokes, 3-speed A M -F M 8 tra ck . 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n ! 
*1 4 o o 
659-o265 atte r 6: 
1975 Pontiac F ire b ird , auto, a ir, 
A M -F M S tereo w ith tape, w hite w ith b lack v in y l top. E x c e lle n t condition. 653-4626. 
■67 P o n tia c . G ood c o n d . $4oo 
656-o983 before 7:3o a .m .; a fte r 6 p m . 
'74 Pontiac G rand Safari. 9 pass., auto., VS. Air, all pow er. A M -F M s te re o , tilt w h e e l, c ru is e , lo g . ra ck . 6-w ay 6o-4o seats, m o re . 
Superb cond. $34oo. 349-7oo8 

■7o 
P O N T IA C 
G T O , fu lly e q u ip p e d , c le a n 
$ 1o95. 
9o’ ofinancing a vailable. 224-4419 

■72 P o n tia c G T O . P o w e r, a ir , radials, mags, vinyl roof. A M -F M stereo. 922 7997; 924-o4o2 
■71 PO N TIA C LeM an 2-door, sport c o u p e , c le a n , fu lly e q u ip p e d . 
$1o95 
9o% financing available. 
224-4419 

1972 Pontiac LeM ans. 2 D r, pow er s te e rin g -b ra k e s , a ir . A M -F M 8 track stereo, excellent condition. 
$16oo. 735-3552 
_________________ 

68 P ontiac L e M a n s . L ik e new 
$1795 Will trode 923-2883________ _ 
74 P O N T IA C $ 179o-O W N E R S 
E Q U IT Y F R E E . S A C R IF IC E 
SALE LOOKS A N D RUNS L IK E 
NEW . 828-6959 
1976 P o n tia c V e n tu r a 4 -d o o r, p o w e r s te e r in g , fa c to r y a ir . 
A u to m a tic tr a n s m is s io n . L o w m ileage. E x tra clean. M ust sell this week end. See a t: 8727 A ir ­ port Blvd. 341-8211___________ 
•74 TRA NS AM , showroom condi­ tion. M ake offer 344-3633 _ _ _ _ _ 

’76 T R A N S A M 
Take over paym ents, no eau ity , call C redit M an ag er, 349-6948 _ 

743 MISCEUANtQUS AUTOS 

'59 C H E V Y Pickup 3o7 VS, auto, with cam per, $6oo. 655-3195 
•62 C H E V Y P IC K U P , good ira n sportation. $265. 224-4419 

•58 Chevy pickup. 35o V 8, excel lent perform ance. $95o. 658-2381. 
■76 Chevy pickup. Std., excellent condition. $34oo. 695-81o7. 

74 C h e v y p ic k u p . L W B , a ir . power, auto. New C a m p er. $28oo 
9o3 Schley. 
1974 Chevy Suburban Cheyenne 
Super Loaded' 826-956$, 695 8o56 
'17 C H E V Y SWB only 12oo m i. Call 924-o331 
•69 C hevy 1 ;T long bed pickup 
Need engine rep air. 
534-5893 
532 8o19 

73 
C H E V Y 
T i 
T O N , 
A U T O 
P O W ER. F IR T $129o CASH. N E W 
L IC E N S E , IN S P E C T IO N 828-6959 

’73 Chevy ton Custom Deluxe. 
Factory air, cow er, h eater, load ed. E q u ip p e d fo r g o o s e n e c k tra ile r. 
349-o456; see at 
122 
Storeywood 
AS Chevy 1 j ton. LW B good con clition. Call: 922-247o. 
1975 C h e w H ton, 4-speed, pow er, air, very clean, not used as w ork truck. $3,875. O w ner, 1-425-3562, eves. New Braunfels. 
•73 
C h e v y ',to n 
S u b u rb a n 
C h e y e n n e , lo a d e d , $5,o oo m i 
227 $o65 826-4281. 
•45 C h e w 2 ton v a n , 4 s p ee d , 
37,ooo actual m iles. 
$3ooo 
342-2653. 
•63 C H E V Y I ' , TO N VS flatbed 
136oo Babcock at M ausm an Rd. 

7 4 CHEVY Vt T. $1495 
Short Wide. 68o3 S. Flores 
■64 C H E V Y V AN 6 cylinder ston da rd. $6oo 927-5*16 

■72 Chevy V8 Cheyenne Pick up fully loaded, m isc. $2295. 922-o184 
•77 CJ-7 J E E P , Low range 4-wheel d r iv e , a u to , a ir , s p e c ia l L e v i 
Package. Lots of E xtras . Pd-$69oo in M a rch , A sking $62oo o r best 
O tter! 6S9 1449 aft Spm 

•76 D a ts u n p ic k u p , 6,o o o m i., 
4 -s p d , 
A M -F M r e d o , 
$ 3395. 
879-2638 7am -7pm 
•73 D odge C lub C a b . I o w n e r, 
27,ooo a ctu al m ites. A ll e x tra s . 
$32oo. 684-13o5. 
•73 D o d g e G ood T im e s V a n . 
Pow er, a ir, 8-track. 349-o211 

'76 D O D G E S u p e r C a b 
Toke up paym ents, no equity, call 
Credit M anager, 349-6946 

D R IV E IN TR U C K S A LV A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P ARTS 
2o2 Laredo Hw y. 924-6551, 924-6552 

73 I H T r a v e la ll. 61,ooo m ile s , a m F M stereo cassette, oir, new tires. $25oo. 735-2571. 
______ 

197o In tn 'l. T ra v e la ll. V8, auto., air, steel rodiols. 48,7oo mi. $1895. 
I 625-4985, New Braunfels. _ _ _ _ _ 
TR A D E W IN D S Auto Sales 
•W E F IN A N C E * 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922-27o3 

744 - CUSTOMIZED MRS. 
SPEED RACING CARS 

D ra g s te r 14o" w heel bose, w ith tra ile r, Less m otor and transm is­ sio n , w h e e ls a n d t ir e s , $7oo. 
633-2954 a fte r 4 P M . 
_______ 
P A N T E R A . L IK E N E W ! HS mph 
+ . C A LL: 828-5511. 
_______ 

746 TRUCKS t COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 

ALA M O W H IT E TR U C K S 
816 P R O B A N D T 
224-2131 

76 E l C am ino C o n q u is ta , fu lly loaded, low m iles, excellent con­ dition. 1-249-8137. 
69 El Cam ino. 6 c yl., std. Econ­ om ical, runs good. $895. Don U r­ b a n e r 222-9481, 8 a .m . lo S p.m . 
•75 E l C a m in o . 35o, new tir e s , loaded. 
24,ooo m iles. 
S4too. 
696-5o58. 
FO R D 9ooo Cabover, Tw in icrew 
318 hp Detroit Diesel $65oo. 25 T. 
Lowboy $45oo. 532-4151. 
‘75 Ford Cam per V an, a ir, cruise c o n tr o l, fu lly c a r p e te d a n d p a n e le d , s in k , r e f r i g ., s to v e , 
U.OOOmi $695o. 655 455o 
•73 FO R D Club wagon ...........$245o 
•74 FO R D Cargo van 
. $245o. 
•72 FO R D Cargo van .............$215o 
*71 FO R D Cargo van .............$175o 
6831 S .FLO R ES 
923-4211 
■It F o rd C u s to m iz e d •C la s s ic ' van. 
Loaded! 
Eves: 
656-42oo. 
656-3511 
71 Ford Econline, ton, window van, V-8, standard, 333-3351. 

•76 B la z e r. C h eyen n e P k g ., ex- iros. $58oo After 7 p.m .: 224-o489 
1977 
B la z e r 
4 w h e e l d r iv e , I 
Cheyenne package, auto, c ir and m o re 
1 5oo m ile s . 
$ 7475. 
1-625-4721. New Braunfels.________ 
•76 B lazer 4 whl dr, loaded, new i tires. 675-194) or 534-7847. 
■ 
•72 Bronco, good cond., 4 whl d r , . 
39,ooo m i., $28oo. 344-o771. 

72 Ford E IOO V an. Stand 6 cyl. 
$2295 
Call M anuel 
341-9433 
75 Ford E xplorer 6 $3675 
’73 Ford Ranger X L T loaded $2675 
7 3 Ford E xplorer, loaded . $2575 
2o2 New Laredo Hw y 924-2211 
•76 Ford FHO Super Cab, 39o, fully loaded, stereo, cruise, short bed, s h o w ro o m c o n d itio n , 
$ 5295. 
1-569-296o, Pleasanton. 

CHO Chevy dum p truck. H eavy 
Iv 
1-964-3126. A fte r 6 p.m . o r ytime wkends._________________ 
C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R SALES 
Distributors Century W reckers 
16o3 NO 
ALA M O 
225-6146 ry 2 ton truck trom Califor- a u ls fu r n itu r e o r f r u i t ; m m box, new m otor, runs w, extra clean. $2395. M ust appreciate. 924-o868._______ 
'69 C H A TE A U FO R D VAN 
E x c e p tio n a lly c le a n , lo a d e d . 
$23oo. 1-278-31o5 ofter 6 pm hevrolet Cheyenne, like new! i Will trade 923-2883__________ hevrolet 4-speed, 6 cvl. stand. 
5 best ofter 656-1ooo 
____ 
) 
C h e v r o le t 
S u b u rb a n yenne Super. P ow er, a m -fm , leel drive, Posi-traction, dual v e ry c le a n , $3,59o. O w n e r i-3562, eves, New Braunfels. 

1976 CHEVROLET Vt n pickup. LW B Fleetside. V-8, loinatic, oir, and pow er . $4695 
AMISON M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 
Ihev shorl wide PU. 35o, load- 
Sleel m ags. F re d ; 225-5o78, 
23oo 
Chevy Custom IO, custom ized. 
IO A tter 6pm 4 ]4 H 3 3 2 ^ K B n | 
Chevy Luv, a ir, 4 speed, $1495. 

H E V Y LU V GAS S A V E R ! 
4 cyl., 3o gal. capacity. With iper. $1695, 349-2o44; 656-267*. 

Chevy Luv, ra d io , o ir, w hite 
:e wheels, ra d ia l tire s $2895. for W e * 34M 4S5___ 
________ 

1976 Ford FHO S upercab R anger 
X L T , loaded. G rande F o rd T ruck 
Sales 661-4121 
73 Ford F-6oo w ith 16' insulated r e frig e ra to r body, th e rm o k in g u n it w ith e le c tric s ta n d by. VS engine and 5 sod Iro n s. G ra n d e 
Ford 661-4121. 
71 Ford LWB Air, runs like new! 
$165o. Call: 349-8497 
55 F o rd P ic k u p . See lo a p ­ preciate! $7oo. Call before 3pm , 
433-o731 

 i n te r n a t io n a l T r u c k s 
715 Sieves Ave. 
534-5471 
'7o IN T E R N A T IO N A L ' J T O N . 
COLD A IR 
A U T O . P O W E R , 'l l 
L IC E N S E , IN S P E C T IO N 
N E W 
T IR E S . 
F IR S T 
$59o 
CASH 
828-6959 
1967 International 16oo series, 14* flatbed with 2ooo lb cap. Elec. lift tollgate SHOO 695-9218. 
•7o in te rn a l'! T a v e lla ll. A M -F M , tow p a c k a g e , s ta n d , 345 e n g , 
$1995. 684-8368 after 5pm 
58 m ini, pickup. Custom inside and out. Must see to appreciate. 
695-8429 

J E E P J-2ooo 4 -w h e e l d r, w ith cam per, 924-o331 
LA R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A TE 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D IE S E L TR U C K TR A C TO R S 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1-798-3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L TR U C K 
SALES ANO S E R V IC E 
PO Box 411 H a lle ttsv ille ,Tx 

•73 M a z d a P ic k u p , re d , low mileage, m any extras. 655-275o. 
1976 O w ens tr a ile r , 18' bed, 4 ’ alum inum sides, 4 w heel brakes, 
12oo m i, n ew -$35oo. S a c rific e ! 
$22oo. 494 6421. 

O W N E R O P E R A TO R S 
3 a x le t r a c t o r s a n d f la t b ed tr a ile r s fo r s ta te w id e h a u lin g 
Plenty of freight, backhauls. Full settlem ent w ee k ly . O ld er trucks accepted. 924-7273; 333-5894. 
1969 Pete COE tw in scre w , 25o 
C um m ins, Road R a n g e r, e x c e l­ lent, $725o. A LSO in t. tra c to rs , conventional cabs. SI2-6S5-2o82, 
■76 Plym outh T ra il Duster. 4-whl drive, low m ileage. 
$65oo. 
I 755-8146. 

'7o P O S tA L J E E P , 37,ooo mi. ex- cedent cond. auto. 732-6oo6 
•74 R anchero G T , 351 V-8, P -S , 
P -B , a u to , A M -F M , G e m top cover, low m ileage, e xtra clean, 
M UST S E L L ! 681-o376 

SAN A N T O N IO TR U C K 
SALES & S E R V IC E 
GMC, 
D IA M O N D 
R E O , 
P E T E R 8 IL T 
881o IH IO E A S T, 661-4511 

SAN A N T O N IO TRU CKS 
SALES & S E R V IC E 
GM C, Dtam ond-Reo, P eterbuilt 
381o IH-1o 
661-4511 
SCHO O L-Highw av Diesel Buses 
23o1 NO G ALITO S 
534-671 1 
S e v e ra l r e f r ig e r a t e d tr u c k s . 
M ake offer. F ra n k: 732-1 1 1 1 
•7$ S ilv e ra d o 34 to n . L o a d e d , 
19,ooo m iles. $42oo. 434-5744. 

SUPER CAB 
7 4 Ford Vs ton Super Cab. A ir, 
4-spd., A M -F M s te re o . P o w e r, delu xe fib e rg la s s C a m p e r. W ill c o n sid e r re a s o n a b le o ffe r. 16o 
Tw inlecf; 344-1595. 
T a ke o v er p a y m e n ts , '75 C hev­ ro le t p ic k u p . N o e a u ity . C a ll: 
824-76o6 atter 7: 494-5734 

'73 N o rto n 85o. W in d ja m m e r , m any extras. SHOO. 684-2o12 a fte r 
6, 

$2oo REW ARD $2oo 
•75 Honda CL 1ooo, stolen m o rn ­ ing of A p ril 29 fro m S u n d an ce 
Apts 
No questions asked. 
696-4239. 

SAN A N T O N IO C Y C LE SALES 
K AW ASAKI Soles, Service, P arts 
313 N A K O M A 
494-5254 

'74 Suzuki G T 55o. A l l W in d ja m ­ m er. dressed out, 5)2oo. 925 6312. 

'74 Suzuki TS-1oo, g re a t shape, 
$35o or best otter. 342-63o6 
■67 T rium ph C om pletely re b u ilt, re a d y fo r c h o p p in g , $6oo. C a ll atter 5, 922-9296 
'69 Trium ph 65o. New tires, paint. 
T e rrific condition, plus 2 helm ets. 
732-83o1 ; 735-8o45. 
197o Y am a h a 65o chopper, good condition, best otter. 349-o67o. 
•75 Y a m a h a R D 35o, e x c e lle n t cond, with extras. 658-9753 a tte r 6 pm . 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO'S LARGEST 

TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER it Over IOO Units in Stack 

AUTHORIZED SALIS EOA: 

HOLIDAY RAMBLES, PROWLER, PLAY 
MOR. 
STARER AFT, 
HOLIDAY, 
DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 

MINI-HOMES 
96Q oIH 35N . 653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson’s 
• 9 'til dark, Mon.-fri. 
9-4 Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

, 
Bl— 
I 

‘74 Y am aha 65o TX . 46oo m i. Good condition. $1 125. 736-o586. 

758-WANTEDAUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

TRAVELER’S WORLD 
2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 

A V IO N 
Trove! Trailers • Motor Homes 
Trade-in Bargains 
'72 PROWLER 24’ . . . . $35oo 
’72 TERRY 26'............. $55oo 
'76 AVION M in i......... 
'7o HOLIDAY 31’......... $5895 
'66 AIRSTREAM 
$495o 

Buy Old Cars, Trucks Etc 
LOST T IT L E S AH R A N G E D 
We Sell Good Used 
Engines & P arts At 
A F R A C T IO N OF COST 
FA R G O SA LV A G E 
677 2711 
633-2o3o a fte r 5 

CALL ME FIRST! 
Lost titles no problem 
TO P CASH tor Junk Cars 
923-4422 
Cash for clean cars and trucks. 
L a rry Cannon Auto Sales 
563o San Pedro 
828-6355 
F o r F A S T CASH w ill buy y o u r 
Car, Vans, or Trucks. Running or not 922-8661. 

H A V E TOW B A R S, B U Y J U N K 
CAR S. P A Y CASH OR C H E C K 
F O R 
Y O U R 
O L O 
W R E C K ! 
C ALL: 923-4411. 
I B UY J U N K CARS 
T O W IN G S E R V IC E . 432-3288 
S E L L IN G Y O U R CAR? 
H i-p ric e s p a id fo r c le a n c a rs - 
Trucks, etc. 222-1342 

A R IS TO C R A T T ra ve l T ra ile rs 
The choice of the quality buyer 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S TIN H W Y . 
655-o251 

BLANCO P R O D U C TS 
N O M A D -R E D D A L E -JA Y C O 
41o at B roadw ay 824-2981 

Cab-O ver C am per. 8 It., 2 yrs. old. 
Good condition. 
M a k e otter. 
333-9216. 
8' C a ve m a n O v e rh e a d C a m p e r 
$1ooo 673-68o7 after 5pm 
1976 C hariot 21ft. tra v e ! tr a ile r . 
A ir, fully self-contained, show er, tub. Sleeps 5 or 6. E xcellen t con 
Clition. 341-3o9! 

■65 Chevy one ton w ith overhead w a lk -th ru O pen R o a d C a m p e r. 
Sleeps 4. R e b u ilt eng. E x c e lle n t cond. M any e xtras. 828-3971 a fte r 
4:3o pm. 

CLOSE O UT S ALE 1976 
C A M P IN G -T R A V E L 
TR A IL E RSS396 up 
K C T R A IL E R S , 71o West Ave, 
735-3931 

TOP D O L L A R ! 
JU N K CARS. T R U N K S , S CRAP. 
C A L L: 342-51o1 

C O A C H M A N C a b o v e r C a m p e r 
9'}'. Fully self contained, a ir. 71 
Chevy 3*f. cam per special. $3495. 
923-1115 

USED CARS-CLEAN 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 BRO A D W A Y 
223-4283 

W a n te d 
IOO cc M o t o r c y c le , reasonable price. 
M elvin, 
696-5o62 

’75 COACHMEN 8’ 
C a m p e r, re fr ig e r a to r , com ade, w ater, gas, etc. Sleeps 6. On G M C 
H ton P ic k u p . B oth U k e n e w . 
22,ooo mi. Auto, a ir, pow er. 
$495o 
TOYOTA of Seguin Dial Toll F re e: 224-4183 

WE B UY U S E D CARS 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K CO 
4515 SAN P E D R O 
734-4221 

T a k e up p a y m e n ts '76 C h e v y 
Custom Van. Loaded! Plush c a r­ pet. 4S7-217S; see at 4427 C lear 
Spring. 
_____ 
•71 Toyota H iLux P ickuo-ccm per box $13oo best otter. 675-41o2 
•75 Toyota pickup. LB , 4-spd., air, radio, c am p e r shell. Show room cond A tter 6: 654-6415. 

1974 TOYOTA PICKUP 
Autom atic transm ission . . . $2395 
J A M IS O N M trs Seguin 223-52o1 
VA NS: Buy-Sell-Trade 
6831 S .FLO R E S 
923-4211 
W A N T E D : 
O L D E R P IC K U P 69o-1o33 

748 - MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

Being tra n s ferre d M ust sell 1975 
S u zu ki GTSOO. F u lly d re s s e d . 
$ 1o95. Also 1975 S uzuki G T25o, 
S595. Both b ike s in s h o w ro o m condition! Call: 655-9355 
•74 BM W 9oo. W in d ja m m er, FM - 
CB Connections. $2o95. 342-5o87. 
74 Bultaco Enduro 25o Excellent running cond. $2oo 659-1889 
•72 BW 75o cc w ith fram e-m ount fairing, *17oo. 661-7oo4. 

Convert your Street Bike to Cafe 
R a ce r! H i-p erfo rm an ce w ork on all two-strokes! Steve. 433-448o. 
35o 3 c y lin d e r K a w a s a k i, new tires, batteries, excellent cond. 
731-313o 

74 Ducati 75o. 4 ’ oo m iles, SHOO. 
Call: 695-9324; 342 32o3. 

E N G IN E , 1975 K a w a s a k e Z -l, with headers, curbs, and title. ISO 
Mi. S I,OOO F irm , 494-6421. 
T 1974 M orley D avidson s a i / s, 
$35o or bes! offer. 656-3785. 

•76 FORD Ranchero GT 
T a ke a ve r paym ents, no e q u ity, 
Call Credit M anager 349-6948 

'75 H aney Davidson SX 25o, $5oo. 
Cali afte r 6 pm , 699-1577. 

7? Ford Ranchero vs, std , a ir, 
AM . 
$175o. 
M r. 
K lunkert: 
224-27o4. 

1976 H a n e y Davidson Bi-Centen­ nial S u p erg lid e , e x c e lle n t, 35oo mi, touring seat, rack, 
$31 SO. 
494-6421. 

•75 Ford Ranger X L T , this truck is lik e new , fu lly lo o d e d . N ew tires, 
21,ooo actual m i. 
$3,895. 
922-o184. 
72 Ford Ranger, Pow er and air, 
$1495. 349-1o6o. 

•74 FO R D Sfvlestde, $2795. 
3859 Nogalitos 
923 28o1 
•75 F o rd 'a f , auto, a ir , p o w e r. 
E xtra clean. $3595. 1-751-2941 
1971 F o rd ' 7 ton F le e ts id e . A u ­ tom atic *1395 1-755-4731 
‘ 66 F o rd 'a 1 P U , L -W -B , V -8 , s tand., good w o rk tru c k , $45o. 
Ow ner 922-3o2o 
•76 Ford Van, $2oo and take over paym ents. 333-662o o ffer 5 pm . 
'72 F O R D V A N 6 c y lin d er ston dard. 349-o483 a f t e r S p iT L ^ ^ ^ H 

 f X PRISS AND N! WS 

IG K ?»"$( VFTSTH 
Pl ACI YOU* WANT AD 
IN THI IXP «[$$ NIW S 
CAU 2 35 -1 66 6 

'It H arley Davidson 12oo cc E lec­ tra Glide, like new, less than 15o m ile s . 
M o v in g , m u s t s e ll. 
I-625-y567 after 5 pm 

W IL L B U Y J U N K C A R S , dollar paid Call: 912-885!. 
Top 

•75 C O N C O R D 23' 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R SALES 
IH IO, 3 mi. north of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 127 SA Phone 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y noon 'til 5. 

752-GENERALAUTO REPAIRS 

SAVE Y O U R O LD CAR 
R eliable Soon C a r s e rv -R e p a ir 
Robinson’s Sport C ars-R ep oir 
8343 B R O A D W A Y 
828-1389 

754 - TIRES parts accessorius 

B L A C K & D E C K E R h a r d s e t valve grinder kit, 
No. 
6337. 
679-739$ 

CENTRAL T IR E CO. 
7oS N. 
FLO R E S 
224-5473 
C e rtifie d body m an w ill r e p a ir dam age on your c a r in exchange for Chevy V-8 engine. 3o7 to 35o. 
735-13o4. 

Dodge 1976 11,ooo mu 318 engine, a ir, auto, sleeps S, re frig e ra to r, dual battery, stove, 2 m ore years w a r r a n ty , m o v in g to E u r o p e , 
$8,ooo or best ofter 494 1o77 

Folding tent tra ile r, French. Ideal for weekends at beach. Sleeps 4. 
G oing o v ers ea s , M U S T S E L L ! 
$65o 69o-9485 
7 6 F R E E S P IR IT 24' 
With root a ir, lull w arra n ty 
Only I at $4695. 
Trveltow n Texas 653-8711 

21 ft. W igw am T ra ve l T ro lle r, fully self contained, Tandem axle w ith awning and equalizer hitch, m any m any extras! 
Like new 
$295o 
922-2624 

C H E V Y P IC K U P G R IL L G U A R D 
$4o. 655-844o 
Corvette wheels 8’’, w ill tit most cars, good condition. 696 5474. 

E delbrocx T o rk e r m anifold, tits 
396 Chevy, $75 341-692o, 826-7139 
4E6o-15 Torque Tw ister, tires with mags-$18o 923-3887 

E xh a u s t m a n ifo ld fo r ‘76 F o rd 
Pickup, 39o C ID engine. A fter 4:3o 
674-6o58 
High P erfo rm a n c e M a llo ry dual pom! distributor, fits 2ooocc C apri or Pinto. Brand new sh!! in box 
$35. 69o-9347 eves. 

12oo Hydraulic lift com plete, $25o. eve. 653-8558. 
M uncie 4-speed, 4oo Pontiac. Per­ formance p a rts for C hevy, P on­ tia c . 355 P o s i-r e a r . ‘66 O T O 
LeM ans parts. 675-1637. 

H A R P E R M O TO R CO 
C A M P E R LA N D 
SALES and S E R V IC E for 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
BUN G A LO W T ra ve l T ra ile rs and 
STh Wheels 
24o1 S.W. M ilita ry 924-5514 
Hrs: M on-Fri. 9-6, Sun, 1:3o-6 
H E IM E R C A M P E R SALES 
San Antonio s Exclusive 
C O A C H M E N D E A L E R 924 8336 
T e n t T r a ile r s -T r a v e i T r a ile r s , 
T r u c k 
C a m p e r s -M in i 
M o to r 
Homes. STh wheel Trollers 
3329 S.W M ilita ry , W. of Som erset 
IH IO NW 
BY O W N E R - L a rg e mobile on VS a c r e . 
T r e e s ! 
M a n y e x t r a s ! 
523,9oo 341-o951, 698-26o4 

L a te m o d e l, lit t le u s ed , v e r y c le a n , p a r tia lly self c o n ta in e d 
Cabover cam per. $1,15o 653-4646 

N E W and U SED Bum pers. Light weight to heavy duty. For all sizes of pickup trucks 924-6551-2o2 New 
Laredo Hw y. 
____ 

■7o M idget T ra v e l T ra ile r. 26 ft., r e a l n ice and c le a n ! T a n d e m wheels. 
*228o or best offer. 
532-8112. 

One '68 Cutlass 442 front fender, perfect cond, o th e r parts. 
826-7596 

1971 M ID -J E T T ra ile r. Good cond. 
Nice, clean, 26 ft. M a k e offer. 
733-1962. 

22' Norris Travel tra ile r, fully self cont., $265o. 227-277! 
•74 Ope!, rebuilt with custom front end, book $2,35o Best over $86o. 
M a y be seen in A u to S h o p p e r 
Mag. 735-1187 

•74 Open Road C am per Van. A ir, good cond., new tires 494-3213. 

•73 P L Y M O U T H S a te h te , r o a ­ drunner parts, 434-5149 eves 

•74 H arley Super G lide 
Approx 
65oo orig, mi. $2ooo. 648-1551. 
1973 Honda CB75o-K2. E xcellent c o n d itio n . O n e o w n e r. *1 2 9 5 . 
341 2945 after 5 p m. 

Sm all Block, Chevy - 4 BBL m iack with 75o cfm Q-Jet carb u ra to r H D 
E m is s io n ty p e . N o E G R , 1976 
Model $75. Cash only. 674-oo41. 

72 O P E N R O AD 19' 
Seif contained, a ir $2895. 
Troveltown Texas 653-6711 
1973 Penguin T ravel T ra ile r. 23', excellent cond $295o, 684 o694. 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
$169 
‘67 T -B IR D 
W recking, ports for sale. Coll: 433-o1 16. 
2171 Austin Hwy 
653-o885 

‘74 Honda CB36o. Luggage rack. 
$65o. 696-73o2 

'73 H O N D A CB 35o. 5.ooo m iles 
Excellent condition! $65o or best offer. 653-5286 

•72 T R IU M P H TR-6 body, m otor, parts 657-2ooo; 734-o287 eves, and 
Sundays. 

74 HO NDA CB 36o. Moving. $595. 
2o5 W. C raig, Apt. I, M gr. 

1975 H onda, C B 5 o oT , e x c e lle n t condition, 4,ooo m i. F a irin g , lug­ gage rack, $1,ooo. 684-8247 

VW parts, 4ohp. (2) M78x15 Mud- grip tires, wheels, other tires, 
922 6681. 

W on ted : C obra or other h i-p e r- form ance Ford parts. 494-1922 
W A N T S D 
I x 14', 5 or 8 x 14.5 
H ousetrailer tires. 532-4151 

75 HO N D A CB 36oT. 5,ooo m i. like new *675. 924-667) 

1967 h 6 n d a 3o5CC S c ra m b le r. 
Runs good, a Classic Bike. New inspection $25o 22s 1554 

758 * AIRCRAFT services, supplies 

'75 P R O W LE R 2o' 
S TA H M A N N T R A IL E R S A LE S 
IH IO, 3 m i. north of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 139, S A. Phone 224-2426 
O PE N S U N D A Y Noon til 5 p m 

R A H M B E R G RV C E N T E R 
Exclusive dealer for 
V E N T U R E Tent C am per by S ta rcra fi 
"Little Castle On W heels" 
2271 A U S TIN H W Y 
655-8251 

'67 AE B o C O M M A N D E R . single engine, cal) John Heck, 659-1968 
CAU 225 1666 

R A H M B E R G RV C E N T E ft 
E xclusive dealer for 
V E N T U R E Tent c a m p e r by S tarcratt 
“ Little Castle On W heels" 
227! A U S TIN H W Y 
655-o251 

R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A IL E R SALES 
493o RIG SB Y 
64S-oo6o 

SOI - CAMPERS TRAILERS 

RV STORAGE 
NO R TH SID E S U P E R V IS E D 
$1o P ER M O N TH 
45o H E IM E R R O AD 
IU 
M ile 
From 
San 
Pedro 
O riv e -ln l 
826 4444 

$ 7 5 , o o o S A L E 

In s u ra n c e Co s a y s , 'W e m u s t low er in v e n to ry this m u c h ', in o r d e r to m e e t n e w ly im p o s e d lim its. So you can 
SAVE BIG SSS m 

HARPER MOTOR CO 
CAMPERIAND 
24o1 S W. M ilita ry 924 5514 
W eekdays: 9-7: Sun: I 3o-6. 
9* a’ S e lf c o n ta in e d C a b -o v e r 
C am per, a ir conditioned, sleeps 6, 
S975. 656*122o or 824-6778. 
$HA STA *»PRO W L£R 
We Take Trade-ins 
Com plete Service Dept 
S TA H M A N N T R A IL E R SALES 
■ HIO 3 M I N orth of Boerne 
R T 2 BOX 127 S A Phone 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M. 

SMALLER ADV: 
BIGGER BOAT 
BARGAINS: 

4 We both SAVI $ 77 deals 74 
STEALS 
Only PROVEN brands * rvtNRUD! * COBIA * GLASS* 
MASUR 
* 
RICHLINE 
* 
OLO 
TOWN * eft. 
8 GUR boots paid rn lull at MAX* factory discount, NOT mf 41 floor planned for YOU to absorb. S«e SHU­ 
NG price tag*; 
NONtomnmsioned salesmen; saves time hassltmi WE offer finance Insurance w OUT deafer 'cut'. 
Cs See plain, plush, ms, outboards, 7ft to 22ft, opens or CABINS, streamlm ed or standup rn upper controls, galley SHOWER etc. Neat load 
Cobia 
24u 
?3Shp 
3Siv8 etc. layaway now cinches $ 
D: RICHLINE alum S1S9 up. 
E: Meet or bent EV1NRUDC deals. 
PROVIN service is BONUS. 
Used? We need more trade ms. 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway a! 4th PARK IRLE 
SO marine years in S.A. 227 21 i? 
9 6 p.m. Thurs. Nile 9 p.m. Closed Sat. 

8o4 BOATS. MOTORS 

I I ate model beer box, If t tong, 2 ft. 
I wide 222 8833 
_______ 
I Alit im cog r airts m a c h in e . R e x-R o j to ry . Can 69J m e 
. ________ 
NCR 499 M ini com puter, m a trix p rinter wilts p a y oil and general 

S P Y o 6 R BOATS 
Factory Guise* Prices 
Discount Boot Sales 654 o38o j 71 Thunderbird 1*it with be te s galv, tra d e r. $48o8 o r b o lt otter 
’ 973 328*. 923 6824 
T oil vc r a f t, t a b , n e r u n e r _ l r 
C o n d i t i o n . ??* 552* fib e rg la s s ho o d , g a lle y . 25ohp 
-------- 
; I O. Chevy E ngine 1695o. 534-7*6*. 
12 
V Bottom 3 * i hp m otor $2oo call before 3pm 433 o731 ______ _ 
16' V e n tu re C a ta m a r a n ; w ith 
I univ tra ile r, 25’ m a st, m a in sail md and tra o e re in perfect shape. 
684 oo68 (lay 696-717* night 

P aper Folder A B Dick M odel sn, 
Fine Condition Sacrifice, Seen at 
621 Cheslnut Str eet. 
P rofitable P o rtim e Business, cold d r in k v e n d in g m a c h in e s o re m u c h in d e m a n d a n d c o n be p ro fita b le , W e ho v e sev used 
,....... , 
, 
; Seeburn drink vending m achine*. 
7* V 173 G la s lro n B a y lik e . I lS j vending 2SC (9 o r) drinks These 
H P E vfnrude P o w er trim and tilt, | m achines need re p a ir and can be 
.le s s th a n l l h o u r s . C u s to m dnve-on tra ile r and m any other extras. *4895. 688 2123, 927-3ooo i 

8o6 SPORTING GOODS 

Flectric C a rrie r Golf C art, excel lent condition $4oo 661 4426 ____ 

It you have a gun collection you w ant to consign either o! our Gun 
Auction in July or to sell outright, call Tom K eilm an, $l*-*5t-4236 or 
512 459-o797 
___ _ 

'rk irk 
Ar if BERTRAM YACHTS * rf. jk 
J For Immediate Delivery * 

>f 
NEW BERTRAMS, 
* 
J 
42', 28', & 31' 
J 

4* 
USED BERTRAMS 
* 
4* 
>4 l f 31’ 197o flybridge Cruiser, twin A 
♦ 32S 
HP 
Mertruiser, 
Inboard 4 if Engines, Bimini Top, sun owning, J 
J VHf radio, gin pole, outriggers t J much more. A steal of $27,9oo. 
J 
J*- 
* 
♦ 3$' Flybridge Convertible, twin j j 
J 22$ HP Diesels, air, generator, 3 
^ nutnnnma linhtirm rfinir Rtmmi ^ 

 i f 

Old Town Surfer K A Y A K , excel­ lent condition. 532 5615 a fte r Spm. 

S and W M odel 29 8 b rl new and in box papers, call 696 17oo 
Bv 
A ppointm ent_____________________ 

 bought tor v e ry little ! lf interest­ e d , p le a s e c o n ta c t M r 
K e lle y 
342-93o4 
For 
Fu rth er 
Intorm otton. 
R a c e n t ion t st de s i'", Ii yd r a u I ic choirs. 734-2342 
____________ 

• Rough Yellow Pine • 

LUMBER 
Good Lum ber Good Lengths 
19c LF 

Eleventh Page 

'GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES 
W « guarantee low er prices on now lurnituro men any otbrfr retell furniture stare anywhere mgardlaxt e t any kind of toto they may run, 
It you can boat the price* on any furniture you buy from ut at any other retail furniture store we will re- fund to you 12o% of tho difference 

I Pmt>, confirmation required 

2 Must be within 3o days af punhase —- Your receipt is proof of purchase. 
Must be alike and al sam* brand and at model no. $ 

IM — 1o4 Conter 
* 3 — 1 o41o P errln-teltel 

I H 

1x8 
2*6 
IX * 
19' JC L f 
24C LF 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
We Poy Cash tor rifles, and pistols. 716-1796 shotguns 
• 5oo Sequin R d , 228-3141 • 
Scotsman Ice M achines 
I 4oo lh 
| ta p . *8oo I 2o8 lb to p $6oo 3 yrs old. Can be seen at D ay s Inn Mo- 
868 ' HUNTING I FISHING 

2o o c r « h u n tin g c o u n try 
$49$ | down paym ent, $77.** per mo. On fence line of forego ranch. N ever hunted O w ner fin a n ce d . C a ll to see 734 7964 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R SALES 
114 Kingsbury 
S E G U IN , TX 
■It S ta r c r a tt P o p -U p c a m p e r 
Like new. $1195. Call: 653 74o9 
•76 S tarcratt Tent C am per, sleeps 
6, *24oo. 653-6485 a tte r 4 pm 

• ’74 S TA R C R A FT V E N T U R E * 
Popup tra ile r, sleeps 8 excel) 
$1695 341-71o1 341-4122 

 outriggers, fighting chair, Bimini w 
[Top, with wind screen 
Depth ^ recorder, loran Cl X VHF radio. A j 

4 
4 
JI 

 real bargain $68,5oo 

GULF COAST MARINE 
"Texas largest Bertram 
Dealer'' 

Call: BILL HOLMES 

512-888-82o6 

HO acres hunting country. $129 5o per acre. $”o down paym ent. 7%% s im p le in te r e s t w ith 29 y e a r term s. O w ner fin a n c e d . C a ll for appointm ent 734-9598 . 

F o r sale, p ortable e le v ato r deer b lin d s , a ls o to w e r b lin d s a n d ground blinds C a ll G a rz a W eld mg Service, 627-9oo4, 923-2918 (oft 
6) 
W H Y LE A S E? Need i or 2 m en to buy m y equity. P aym en ts $2o2.7o • per mo. I 1*°». B eautiful Canyon on 4 o + A cres. G re a t c am p s ite 
Nueces R iver access. Good hunt­ ing Call 453 o3*7 o ile r 2pm , Sal, or Sun Coll o ile r 6pm w eekdays 

81o MOBILE HOMES-SAIE 

A T R T T 'T T S 'O w rT T u rsT ^ ^ 
Size, D elivery- T erm s, 923 4346 

S Fore 
M ix t u r e * , 
C h e c k o u t counter, closed display tables SXS' clothes rack, sales counters, cash register, toll length m irro r Call 
SA. 622 3*62, 429 32o4 

A O D A R O O M , C u s to m B u ilt, 
Size, D elivery- T erm s, 923 4346. 

4 ★ ★ ★ Ar t b # 

T e rry T ra v e l T ra ile r. 2o ft., like n e w in s id e a n d o u t. T a n d e m w h e e ls . F u lly s e lf-c o n ta in e d . 
$25oo. 734-52o7. 

25TH ANNIVERSARY 
S ALE STARTS M A Y I 
5TH 
W H E E L 
T R A V E L 
T R A IL E R S 
N U -W A Y 
K O U N T R Y -A IR E 
T R A V E L T R A IL E R C E N T E R 
42oo Roosevelt at Stinson Field 
T R A V E L T R A IL E R 
PARK SPACE 
63 p u ll-th ru stations. C lean re s ­ tro o m s w ith s h o w e r, s e c u r ity fence, night lights. N e a r Corpus 
C h ris ti N a v a l A ir s ta tio n , B oat 
Hole and Lagune M adre. Call for reservations 1-937-2125. 131 Skip­ per Lane, Corpus Christi, T X . 
76 T ra v e l T r a ile r 14’"tik e new. 
$1595. 221-233o; 828 3874 
1 976 
T r a v e l 
T r a il e r 
28' self-contained. SIB Avondale 

DON'T GAMBLE, SHOP 
Rondo) 
GIT THE BEST BUY 
YOU CAN, THIN SHOP 
Rondo! Marine 
On 1976 Close Outs, 
Free trailer, 
Free ac cessories, Free controls on 
'7 6 
Model. 
Close 
Outs. ‘ Plus save hun­ dreds o f dollars now l 

WE BUY AND SEU 
Used Boats, Motors 
Trailers 
RINlJ 

' 1 3 o 7 W . M IU *-ra n d 
7 3 2 -8 2 3 3 

A d d A 
R o o m fr e e e s tim a te s , term s, tree delivery 974 5oo3 

Am erican M obile A M odu lar 
H O M ES IN SAN A N T O N IO . Inc 
922 7191 
922 o441 

Beautiful 12x65 I bedroom custom b u ilt m o b il h o m e , c a r p e te d throughout, central a ir and heat, spacious liv in g ro o m , s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m , c o m p le te ly fu r * wished, mony extras. 494-7315 
B eryl's M obile H om e Center 
N E W and U S E D 651 6961 
14513 IH 35 N O R T H (S elm a E x it) 
•75 Double W ide 3-1, turn, central he at-a ir, like new. in p a rk , m ov­ ing, for quick sale. 
A nytim e 
654-1o97 
Double W ide, anw n ing , s kirlin g ! low equity. 661-7563. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

J N B MOBILE HOMES 
New Used, 114oo IH JSN 655 o4/1 r t 5 n " a d U l t 

1975 V e n tu re c a m p in g tr a ile r , s le e p s 6, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
$17oo. 661-3695. 
W e B U Y A L L T y p es of T r a v e l 
Trollers. Cal): M E L 924-5514 
•7o W IG W A M 18’ 
Self contained, a ir. $2595 
T ro v e lto w n T e xa s 653-6711 

•71 A ristocrat) 19 Ft, Rem ovable fiberglass loo, 165 H P . I O. Skis, equipm ent. 
536So. 
732-5216, 
222 9476 
Bass B oat 15ft., SSho C h ry s le r, tr o llin g m o to r . P e p t h fln d e r , liv e w e ll. e le c tric w in c h , tip p e r tra ile r. $175o. 696-5136 

$p r In <Js 
S E C T IO N 
2 bedroom s, I b ath, la rg e lands­ caped lot, lovely view . 
Only 
SI8,S8o. 

F a m l l v R e a l t y 
_________ 732-8111____________ 
L ike New B eau tiful 12x65 M obil 
Hom e M ake O ffer. 667-124o. 
• n M O B IL E H O M E , I2x$4. 2 be­ d ro o m , c a rp e t. W a s h e r, d r y e r 
*49oo. a ir. 
*48-235) eves, weekends 

1969 W illipm scraft T ro lle r. E xc e l­ lent cond. A ir. M ust Sell. $177$. 
736-2478. 

Boss boot, 1977 R anger, w ith 125 
Johnson, 696-9567, 735 6449 

•71 W IL L IA M S C R A F T IS' 
L ow -liner,w ith potty $175o 
T ro v e lto w n T e x a s 653-6711 

BOSTON W H A L E R 
17' w ith 8$ H P C hrysler, tra ile r. 
5J6oo. 653-7293. 
__________ 

14x88. P a rtly furnished. 3 br, 2 full baths, built-in wood burning fire place. 337-81o9. 
__________ 

8o2 -MOTOR HOMES 

 s a le -re n t 

TINDALL end SON 
PONTIAC-GMC, INC. 
Authorized Dealer for— 
• EXECUTIVE • 
• ITASCA • 
• EXPLORER • 
MOTOR HOMES * 
Plus a full line of used 8.V. vehicle: 
4 6 o o SAN PEDRO 
736-1561 *r 736-1 SSI 
SatvrXayil 

35’ Chris C rafL tw in 318 Inboards. 
M UST 
S E L L ! 
B EST 
O F F E R ! 
494-5843 
•73 C lipper; 21ft. Sailboat m otor, tra ile r, 3 sails, head, bottom paint, 
*39oo. 696-87o6 
21 CO BIA Jef 19/J. W ide, deep V, 
4$5 O lds. P lu s h , p e rfe c t. To p s, a n ch o rs , v ests, skis. G r e a t fo r g u lf o r la k e 
6 m os g u a ra n te e . 
$54oo. 653 648o 

M O B IL E H O M # O W N E R S 
Need a little e x tra cash? 
W E buy Mobile H om e Tires and 
Wheels $1o. E ach. B ring in o r we pick up 
SUNSET M O B ILE HOMES 
2742 S .W .M IL IT A R Y OR 
922-o54o 

4-6-*-13 T o ta l N CR Cash Regis tors. 534 349o, 648 3358. 

W anted. A d ju stab le steel s h elv ­ ing for convenience stoic. Steve 
Spence, 498 2)41, 698 258o ________ 
Wanted 
Sm all P rinting M iess"' 
Phone 734 851o 

8o3-BUILDING MATERIALS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
SPRING SPfCIAIS 
Kiln dried— Nee Brite 

B e a u t i f u l 

Early American oi Can temporary Kingsize Bed- aam sc*) 
Includes 
Dresser, 
M inor, 
Chest, 
N.qh! Stand, Bed, Foun- demon 
$259 Displayed 
O nly Can Deliver, Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
JISIS-B Speedway 349-4127 

 lu x u r io u s V e lv e t 
:ulon or Naugahyde 
Herein 
Sofas 

2*4 8 
2x6-8- 
2x1 8 
2x6 8- 
2*8 8 

■ 14 Mo. 2 TP 
14 No ? TP 
14 Mo I TP 
14 Ho I TP 
14 Nu 2 TP 

51oo, loveseat 
$ /5 , 
Chairs $5o, Tablas $ I J i‘ach 
Dymtte 
$55, 
Bedroom 
Set 
Complete 
$125, 
Ccm 
Deliver. 
Terms, 

Smith Construction Co. 
SSI S B Speedway 349-4127 

2x6-8-14' No. I TP 
BARGAIN HUNTfRS 
SPECIAL 
2x4 prerut RO fir studs , . 
2x4 precut RD YR studs 
2*4 1o—16 KO fir 
2x6 1o—16 KU Hr ......... 
4x8 '/z" COX DIP* 
4x8 
7/16 
R.8S8 

79« 
. . . 7941 
.... IH I 
.... ISI 
$6 99 embossed I hdbootd sdg. 
Brined A grade 
$995 
CASH & CARRY 
WHILE STOCK LASTS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 

4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-8556 

E x t r a F irm 

Orthopedic Kingsize! M at­ tress, 2 Box Springs and 
Foundation, $75. Still in 
Original Package Queen 
Sizo set, $65. Full Size set, $55, Twin Size Set, 
Can Deliver. Terms- 
Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

M O VIN G ! M UST SELL 
12x6o, 2 bed ro o m . P a rtia lly fu r- nished ors fenced •‘ xacre lot rn N a ­ ta lia . City utilities. 2o m in. south of 
San Antonio, $14,5oo. N a ta lia Ok 
663-4996 

 f DITTMAR LUMBER i 5oo SEGUIN • 226 IM ! 
'bename Strong Barn fur tug Iran 
■length: to 2o -------- $24.95 $q.‘ 
| Corrugated Fiberglass, full 4 oz. 
S', $4.19, IO’, $5.49,12 , $6.59 
J'hrHtrv Sidmu ____52Z.9S sa. frost quality birth paneling ) 
J 
K in ..;::..............$7.95*o. 
.4*8 3/8” COX plywood $5.79 en. 

H x 8 — 1/2” COX 
] plywood ............. 
$6.98 eo 

Insulation 3 IV ’ ......... 9V i4 sq. It. 
Insulation 6 "........... 
164 sq. It 
THE MONEY SAVER 
MasterCharge 
BankAmeritard 
Where Cosh Buys al Wholesale 

D i s p l a y e d 

B u t N e v e r U s e d kingsize Bedroom Sn) Complete 
W7\ While Gold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Rattan. Henuton Sain rind Chair $139. Recliner SW 
Ixtra firm full Size Hod $65, 
Stereo, Solo Steeper, $165. Can 
Deliver, terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
851 S B Speedway 349-4127 

Cobra open fisherm an 
1974, i l 'z ft w ith lop. 7o gallon gas ta n k . 
197$, ISO Hp M e rc u ry outb oard 
P o w e r t ilt a n d t r im , ta n d e m tr a ile r 
L ike new . $529$ o r best otter 736-4321 

N E W 1977, 14x6o 
$925o. W ill finance 655 o471 
35' tr a ile r i d . tSood c o n d itio n 
M ust sell. Can see: 6537 Randolph 
Blvd, W hispering W inds T ra ile r 
P ark 

19/3 Cobia Sprint, 65hp Johnson, 
Dilly Tilt T ra ile r, E xcellent $29oo. 
494-S1o9 
IWO BUYS! 

1976 Custom Jet, 455 Olds, SS5oo firm 658 5878. 536-34o6. 
69 D odge Cor n e l a u to , a m tm good cond, new tires- $75o 658-231o 

Fine Selection used Sailboats 
N E W Sailboat Shop. Austin 
6o4 Highland M all Blvd. 454 7171 

A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N.W . Loop 41o 
734-5131 

BAR BOB 
M O TO R H O M E S 
E xclusive Franchised D ealer fo r: 
X P L O R E R ,T R A V E L O U E E N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
342o SO. P A D R E IS L A N D DR.51 
CO RPUS C H R IS T I, Tx. 
78415 

16' Flsh-n-Ski, 65hp M e rc u ry Con vas Top, E xcellent cond. $21oo. 
4V7 1647. 

, Like new 14x72, furnished m obile hom e on about ' a o cre oak stud­ d ed lan d . M a n y e x tra s , r e a d y now, approx. *3ooo cash and as some. Reedy to m ove Into now. 
12x6o mobile, 3 bedroom s, central heat-air, good condition, set up on la rg e lot on top of h ill. $1o,9oo 
T e rm s , Shown by a p p o in tm e n t only. HUG R E A L E S T A T E , 16oo! 
San Pedro, 494 3419 

For Sale, t6Ff. Century R esorter, 
Rebuilt 389 VS, Pontiac. E xcellent 
Cond 512 557 63o5 oft 6 
IBF*. A lu m in u m , D u ra c ra ft T ri- 
Hull, 68 w ith 
72 Johnson 12SHP low hours an d a cc es o ries . Apt 
No 6 3447 E. Southcross. 925 7781 
Daytim e, M r. H unter, $2,ooo value and w ill negotiate. 

B U R K E 
M O TO R 
C E N T E R 
86oo B R O A D W A Y 
828-9134 

■75 CH I E F T AN W in n eb ag o 27'. 
De-signed as M obile A rt G allery. 
Can be used as custom m o to r h o m e . 
C o m p le te 
( a c u it ie s . 
Sacrifice. $15,ooo. New B raunfels, 
( I ) 625 o/19 

!7Ft, Deep V boat, w ith m otor and 
H O M E | tra ile r, Good Buy) $995. 826-121o 

77 lift. Fiberglus K ingfisher $66 
M e rc u ry , H ig h la n d e r tr a ile r . 2 ta n k s , also a c c e s s o rie s . $3495. 
Apt. 1o1, Banyon T re e A pt. *17o 
Crosscreek. 653-14/8 

Custom B uilt I ow ner '69 F o rd 
Super V an M o to r H om e 
F u lly equipped, excellent cond. $495o. 
722 P arkridge 
27' Dodge Trovco, dual a ir, new engine $895o 349-1855_____________ 
E x p lo re r 197$ M odel. E x c e lle n t cond., bos e v e ry th in g ! $13,SOO. 
8823 Callaghan Rd., 342-2512 
26 ft., s e lf-c o n ta in e d , sleeps 6, 
Reasonable roles. D ally or w ee k ­ ly. Call 341-2728 

1 4 'jF t. Glass M agic, F ib e r gloss boat. 65HP M e rc u ry , Tilt tra ile r, 
Like new! Ideal fishing or skiing 
$82$. 927 3657. 

. LUMBER BARGAINS 
. Latex Wall Point 
$3.5o 
2x4 Mo 3 Select Hurls 
894 
24o lh SeuWown shingle $14.25 
4x8 VV' COX Plywood 
$6.99 
4x8 J plywood 
$ 1o.9S 
'i 24x36 aluminum windows! 12,45 

ALUMINUM PATIO DOOMS 
6 fool............................. 
$"9 
• CASH A N D CARRY" 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o7 F. Durango 
533-5115 

W A N T E D *!! 
U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
CASH-FAST S E R V IC E 
M R . M IL E S 924-4231 

WE TAK E T R A D E IN S , WL 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L . M A X 
924-42*5 
24x6(5 M obile H o m e , nice condi­ tion, must sell. 494 6775__________ 
12x6o Mobile Hom e, on U A c re lot, 
622 3296 eves. 

ACM E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
IOO) Austin St., 226 143/ 
U niversal City, 658 6331 __ 
A LA M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
HAS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

A sso rted used lu m b e r, latousic w indow s, p lu m b in g , e le c tr ic a l, doors, window screens, and m isc, 
7o47 Rigsby. 
_______ 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
W L B U Y 8. S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T IN U M 
G O LD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E l R Y H O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N D E S T A T E S 
32$ A LA M O P L A Z A 
726 1424 

9 1 2 - E LEK MARKUS 

'"SAN A N T O N IO S 
L a r g e s t In d o o r 

FLEAMARKET 
E v e ry saturday Sunday 
N orth West Shopnnu) C enter 
I 
36oo Plack F re d eric ks b u rg R d. 
Back Side at Center 
I FO R IN F O or R E S E R V A T IO N S 

3 4 1 7 :1 3 / 

516 ARTS, CRAFTS. IMPORTS 

M a i o r "B a l l e r y H o i S ta n d -B y 
C lie n ts fo r W in d b e r * , C ly m e r , r r a n k 
J o h n s o n , 
S a lin a * , 
M c C a rth y , L o v ell, w e G ive Ton 
P uces. W rite 
Box 7163 E xpress 
N ew * Corp P artic u lars 

918- COINS & JEWELRY 

14x6o N E W , 2 bedroom 
I' ?Ba1h turn. $95oo 
We discount tor c ath ! 
R E D R IV E R M O B IL E H O M E S 
2418 A U S TIN H W Y 
653-9/51 

812-Moline HpflieSpaces 

■75 15ft P hantom 65hp, excellent cond, ski e q u ip , c o v e rs , $31oo. 
653-95o9 

2 lf* 
Santana Sail Boat, T ra ile r, 
M otor, Knot M eer, 5 Sail, 824 5135. 

A dult and F a m ily section, club house with sw im m ing pool. P aved s tre e ts , u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s , la r g e lo ts , no p e ts , b e s t m ointainted park in town, on S E 
M ilitra v D r west of IM37, across fro m Brooks F ie ld , In d ia n H ills 
M obile Hom e P ark . 333-o83o 

1967 16ft. Thundebird, 6ohp E vin ru d e, fra ile r. 497-36o6. 

16 ff T ri-H u ll 75 hp e vin ru d e , like new. 534-9322; 333-5679. 

•75 GM C 19’ M ini M otor Hom e, low m ileage, fully selfcontained, w ith all extras. Lots of TLC . F o r sole or trade. 696-2o75. 

G R A M P IA N 26', New C hrysler IO 
Sailer, W orking sails. Heod G a l­ ley. Like new condition. $12,5oo. 
1-937-21o5 

G M C M O TO R H O M E 
FOR R E N T 
349-6772 ; 349-43)1, 734-9389 

IS* H ig g s c ra ft, 7 oH P C h r y s le r m o to r, b o w ld e r , siooo or best offer. Con be seen at 811* H unters 
Forest 655-4288 atter 6pm 

ALMOST AN ACRE! 
M obile home site. P ickup 4 back : paym ents of $32 each and ta k e I over balance. H B G IN C . 494-3419 or 342-18o8________ j 
E v e ry other m onth F R E E for one j y ea r) only (4 ) lots on this Special ; 
B U C K IN G H A M V IL L A G E 
658-2811 

6MC Motor Home Rental 
Dally and W eekly Rates 
P H O N E : 
661-7212 
Luxury M otor Hom es Rent. Low 
Rates. 658 7661, 656-7119 

19/6 23' M ini M otor Hom e, e xcel­ lent condition. 674-3372. 
M o b ile T r a v e le r 18' j " M o to r 
Home, totally eauipeed, b e tte r r than new, roof a ir, TV antenna, IO ply tires, spare tire and c a rrie r, captain's c h airs . D odge IV* ton chasstc, 318-V8, m ileage average 
13-15 m pg., $985o com plete. C all 
Cor! W, W illiam s, I 863-8541. 
M O TO R H O M E R E N T A L S 
Fully self contained. Rates by day or week 653-61o8 

Hobie Cat Sailboats 
D IS P L A Y at STO NE M A R IN E 
724o B andera Road 
D ealer: Jew ett Services, 342-8778 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M cQ ueeney, 512-557-6622 
Open E ve ryd ay except M onday 

L A R G E S h ad e d lo ts to r r e n t, n e w ly r e m o d e le d . 
C lo s e to downtown. City w ater and sew er. 
S ec u rity g u a rd . F H A a p p ro v e d p ark. Pool, recreation room , and shuffleboard under construction. 
U N D E R N E W M A N A G E M E N T 
G E M B L E R RD. T R A IL E R PK. 
IOU G em bler Rd. 333-1873 
LO T N E A R R A N D O L P H F IE L D , 
1oox26o. O w n e r fin a n c e d . ISO down. *29 month. 
684 4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

•77 7 'rHP boa! m otor, $2oo. Sm all boat included 224-699o 

1976, 165 hp I O, MC Appollo 16 ti 
S e a S ta r. 
W a lk th r u 
B o w . : 
T a p e d e c k . $5oo in cluded Shore- 
Land tra ile r 
341-1o83 a ft 
5,. weekdays. 

M O B IL E H O M E P A rT T l OTS"' 
$45 m o. F H A a p p ro v e d , Judson md. Schools 658 oo22, 658 1326 

1974 Jetboat, I9ti., 455 Oids7 545oo 
374 521 1, C rv ita l City 

‘72 Open Road M ini M otor Hom e on C hevy V an . *35oo. 656-3824 after 4:36. 
O P E N R O A D 22’ N ic e 
D o d g e chassis. 828-o383 eves. weekends 
R A H M B E R G RV C E N T E R 
Exclusive D ealer for: Cham pion, ! 
T ita n , L ife tim e M o to r H o m e s , i 
M ini M otor Homes 
2271 A U S TIN HW Y 
655-o251 
R ecreational Vehicles 
FOR R E N T 
Vans 
M ini M otor Homes 
M otor Hom es 
R E S E R V E Y O U RS TO D A Y 
Contact Biti at 
Resco Leasing 
55o5 San Pedro 
732-2288 
R E N T : 
22’ 
M O T O R 
H O M E ,] sleeps 4. $22. day, 12c m l. 655-oo96 
R E N T our fam ily 23’ lu xu ry mo tor home. Super Clean, CB, stereo, ; all extras Reservations. 6SS o-454 I 

W A N T E D ! Used Kings Highw ay 
OR A P O LLO , 26' Coll M a rth a o r 
F .E . 
C o lle c t 
(1 )5 4 1 -3 1 3 1 j 
Brownsville eves 542 4447 
: 

W ant To Buy M o to r Hom e. Any 
M ake 
Any 
M odel. 
658-7661, 
656-7119 
_____________________ 

*75 W innebago C h ieftain , A ll ex- tras. 92o6 m iles. S II,5oo. Seguin. 
I 379-8454__________________________ ; 

•71 W in n e b a g o , 6 -c y i, s elf con- loined, 34,oQomi. $73oo, 1-964-387o. 

•76 W innebago 26' e xc elle n t con dition $17,5oo. 494-6356. 

KNODEL M A R IN E 
Lake 
M c 
Q ueeney, 
S.A. 
Ph. 
658-9164 open Tues Sat 9-6, Sun 1-5 
Larson boat, 8o M ere m otor ‘64, 
S9oo. 6) Cadillac 532-8)12._______ 
L ik e n e w ! S it B oston W h a le r ., s a ilin g din g y w ith lo n fe en rig , m ast and oars Only $695. 227-5614 weekdays, S a m - S p m ___________ 
14 Lonestor boat, 4o HP E vinrude with lop, clean. 342 o668.__________ 
HO M e rcu ry outboard m otor, a i! access, runs pert. $)o7S 227-277) 
I 
72 mod 
T e rry Bass B oat, 5ohp , 
Johnson, tro ller, new M otorguide I troller, finder, $215o. 
T E X -A L L Boot, 222 9628 
M O V IN G , M U S T S E L L ! 14' speed boa! with tro ller. No m otor. Only 
52oo 341 8o34______________________ 

RAC E SKI BOAT 
18’ Stevens, W tra ile r, 4oo hp V- drive, IS pigs mph E x tra Clean. 
532 415); 633-2643._______________ _ 

RO CK B O T T O M P R IC E S on In ­ vaders ond DeckBoafs. Johnson and M ereu rys. RAY S M A R IN E , 
C an yo n L a k e 
H w y . 2673 n e a r 
S ta rk v ille ANO Hwy. 3o6 across from Goofy s. I 899-211o__________ 
S A IL Boot A q u a riu s 21, m o to r, t r a ile r , good fa m ily , c r u is e r . 
$52oo, 695-8939. 

MOBILE NW $3995 
IS m in. north of W onderland, all u tilitie s , o v o r-s iz e lot, p riv o te stocked lake *38 m onthly. B IL L 
ESSEX 341 5941. 
? m (5 " f r e e r e n t 
S o u th s id e P a r k , fe n c e d lo ts , paved streets, w ater-garboge pd. 
*39 mo. 6*6-1222.__________________ 
N E , S h ad y A c re s T r a ile r P k. fenced, store room , trees, $37.5o. 
N ear W indsor Pk M a ll 826-8766 

A TTE N TIO N 
Building Contractors 
F o r b id s In o r n a m e n t a l iro n w o rk s such as r a ilin g s , s te e l stairw ays, steel colum ns, window guards with fire escape systems, 
Call us at 
1-512-722 4511 
OR W R IT E 
M A R IO ’S IRON WORKS 
7o6 CORTEZ ST 
LAREDO, TX 78o4o 
We deliver 
Residential o r' 
Com m ercial._____________________ 

D a m a g e d 12x$4 g a ra g e h e a v y duly term s, n e e delivery 732 51/1 ' 
Dam aged IO* »2 portable storaur bldg, term s, fre e del 924-5oo3, 
D am aged 8x1o, I Ox 15 p e ri star age bldg, tree del term s, 653 B H I 

•LEPPARD LUMBER® 
Plywood V 
CO X $5 79, 
$6 98, new screen doors St2.5o, new and used wondows and doors. 31o3 W. 
C om m erce__________________ ____ 

S IN C LA IR L U M B E R C O 
2x4, 8(1 
.................................. 12' re ti 
2x4,1o-1611 
.......................... 1 7 'le ft 
2x6, IO I4t).................................... 24c fl 
4x4 .............................................. 49c It 
4 x8x',tn . 
C D plywood seconds 
.......... 
*5 99 
New and used doors 
— *2.5o up 
4x8 particle board ................. *2 89 
7ft treated fence posts ,* 1 5 9 ta. 
Used Lum ber at B argain P rices 
We m ake wood stokes-wedges 
9456 5 Presa at 4)o, 613 29o9 
Ston Helm ke Wishes to Announce I 
That he is now associated with 
M O F F E T T L U M P E R CO 432 /SBI 
Window sashes, d iffe re n t sizes 
You Pick, $2 SO ea. PA CO 6459 Old 
Hwy 9o West, 673-25/3 or S33-9Q98 ! 

9o5 PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

A ll w o o c H x l f 1, $2»“ " I 7 X iii7! j 
$545. Delivered 655-2363 

Oeliview Coin Shop 
Buying and Selling 
Gold out! S ilver com s. etc. 
2o6 West Ave., 735-7 131 

Doctor s Investm ent G roup Is in ­ terested in buying coins, stam ps, rolls, proofs, gold. F ra n k lin M ints, etc. Contact o r . Vogt, u t 1o19, 

92o • CAMERA PHOTO EQUIP 

PHO TO r V P D s llO li - $I2oU 
653-47*o 

922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

NAVARKO PIANO CO, 
Special mis W «ek 
New Spinals 
$ 7 9 5 thorn* from 
Traditional, 
Italian 
Pravimial, f rem h 
Provincial, mid 
$psmsh 
Oak. DUO-ART Player Pi anas. 
K noble 
Rosewood squat* 
Grand like new 
Spinet style 
Pianos Ilk* 
New from $49S 
NZW Viscount 
Hadronic Organs 
Shop with us arui Saxo lo w Overhead 
N A V A R R O 
PIANO CO. 
17o7 N COLORADO 
7 3 4 - 6 4 6 3 

281 NORTH 

O am oged A *lo h eavy duty stor age bldg Term s, fre e del 732-5171 
F a c to r y 2nd p o r ta b le g a r a g e 
12x24 term s, tre e del 924 SOO J 

A c re a g e hom esite w ith c e n tra l w ater system . Just IS m in (rom 
41o. 13ooo. $1oo down and $31,41 per month tor 144 m onths at 8%. 
J.C. HO R TO N , B R O K E R 342 18o8, or 494 34)9, 
Northwest, 5oX1oo lots, free m ove to qualified renter, 684 2851.______ 
9o1-BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

New Homes Moved To your lot. All paneled and plum b mg, vinyl floor covering 
2 bedroom , I bath, $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom , I bath, $12,8oo 
Dodson Luprber__________624 2256 

I i i Winnebago. 21 ti. B rave, like new. 77oo m iles, self contain ed 
4oo9 W 
O nan . M a n y e x tra fe a ­ tures^*! 1,5oo. 326-o865.___________ 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS ■ 
■ 

Sailboat; 1976 Hobie with T ra ile r. 
656-29o3.___________________________ 

Sail Boat l l ’ M oth Class 
Needs some repairs, no tra ile r, but con be car lopped. 5175. 344 7o82 

21' Sea Ray, Jet P ow ered, w a lk 
Around T ra ile r. E xtras, excellent condition. $485o. 342-7927 
‘74 S id ew inder Jet B oat, C hevy 
Pow ered $4595 Atter 6 674-45o4 

A r g o * v M ^ la * s ,A io a ? e 3 rp e + ^ t condition, $1o,5oo 655-2252, 

65 Speed Boat, 43o B uick, runs : good 
Needs body w o rk 
S55o 
473-1o53. 
[ 

23' S p o rtc ra lt* I O, M e rc ru is e r, j 
16ohp, dept, finder, m a rin e radio, cb, 
$5ooo 
9*8 2991, 
9*8-2378 
S abinal____________________________j 

BARGA!?] 
2oaf 
H o b a rt M ix e r w ith stand 
Electronic cash re g is te r, 7 total. 
R e s ta u ra n t ta b le s a n d c h a irs 
Autom atic donut m achine. Alm ost new 223 1523._____________________ 
B E A U T Y SHOP O P E R A TO R S 
Now you can have a beauty shop in your home on some cases. Buy . a ll the e q u ip m en t you need for . 
5175o o r bes! o ffe r. P a Co, 6459 ' 
Old hwy 
9o 
West, 
473-2573 or 
533 9o98. 
Dishwasher, beer box, snow cone m achine, dough m ixer, steam ta ble Used-new. 733 1292 
________ 

Flow er shop, 3 glass display show coses, $55. $65. 575. 223-o134 or 
222-997o.__________________________ 
For A LL N E W and U S E D Kitchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies See 
Levinson R estaurant Supply Co. 
19oo Son Pedro___________733-o931 i 

F o r Sale 
E auiptm ent for tortillia factory, 1-7)3-2*3-8o22._________ __ 
I "• St! Chest fre e z e r w ith glas s ; door. 4o griddle. 2 - 54" Steam ta b les . I elec. cash r e g is te r. I i 
H obart dishwasher, I H K 3 F r y e r .; 
735-7244; 533-2o76 
________ 
Good Used B eau ty ih o p E q u ip I m erit Best Ofter. 66) 5263 ________ 

CAIL 3 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6 x 8 ...$ 2 9 5 
8 x 1 o . 
$396 j 
Other sizes available 
Q U ALITY CONST RUCTION 
H eavy-D uty Floor included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO Seguin Rd. 
226-3141 j 
P o rta b le B u ild in g s M oved bv I 
M organ Bonded 653 81 11 

Repo. 12x3( re d b a rn heavy duty i floor, free del term s, 923-4J46 j 
Slightly danuiged^redu ced 17x24 
Slorg bldg del, term s, 684 1234 
Used must go"i2x32"storage bid” term s, free del 613-8111. 

ORGANS 
PIANOS 

Hammond m o m 

RODGERS 
HAWAII 

(ABLE NILSON 
New From v495 
Used From *195 

425 N. Main 224-5526 

Wonderland 732-8529 

North Star 
344-o248 

K U U U U H U IIU 

K T 

$2o.oo A Month Rents ti 
A B A L D W IN B IA N O le n t Applies on Purchase 
S IM S B A L D W IN 
4 2 2 U c k h lll-$ w lm c » R d . 
. r n 
. i.t 
P a r t M a ll 

9U7 FURNITURE 

LACK'S Discount W a rehous” 1' 
Used F u rn itu re and Appliances 
943 C O L IS E U M DR 
225-7444 

Queen size bed, com plete, *89 9$ 
S P E C IA L on V ic t o r ia n s o lo . 
Complete bedroom suites, 
$99.95uo. 
Fawcett Furniture 
4)4 Polo! astr. 227-6512 

U N IT E D 
D IS C O U N T 
F U R N IT U R E 
NO. I 
......................... 1o4 E. LA M A R 
No 2 
., 1o41o P E R R IN B E H EL 
Fine F u rn itu re • F raction of retail 

ANNIVERSARY SALE 
N E W A N D U S E D P IA NO S A N D 
O R G A N S A T B IG S A V IN G S , som e as low as $295. A n tiq u e 
Knobe. o ror? bargom . C hicker- irtq C and, like new, only $2995. 
New Spinets, $788, large selection. 
Also Rent to Buy. 
Dacdert’s Music Plaza 
Southside 223 *151 14oo NogahtOS 
Northside 654 6661 
5235 W atzem 
(3 elks t ast at Windsor M a li) 

B aldw in Zodiac O rg an ; S ynthe- sizer, 2 yrs Old, >26 o356, 5)395 
C L E V E L A N D s in g le F r e n c h 
Morn, 5125 BESSON Euphonium . 
$45o. Y A M A H A F re n c h H o r n , 
*65o 
S IL V E R T O N E g u ita r a nd 
. am a., 17o, 494-5/25 

Twelfth Page 
Express-News-— Monday May 2, 1977 
D O G S — 
P E T S 
2 6 H Y D R A U L IC T R E N C H JACKS 
324 6162 
F u llb lo o d ed G e rm e n S h ep h erd 
(emotes $3C. 733 7oo9 
________ 
! L o re s portable sign, 4 *8 . stoa 
Call A SIMO? I atter 5pm 
Fullb lo o d ed U n re g 
E «g 
C ollie j 
P u p s . S a b le # ltM p w o rm e d 
! 
F -m ales 
$4o 
M o le * 
$45. ‘ 
I 379-184V i aa Dodge Dum p Truck, J 11 Tons, 
( t ) 3 axle tra ile r low bov. '6o 81o jo ta D eere tra cto r w,»h bucket 
M ust S a c rific e to r I i i.2o o C oil otter 6pm 66?- IO IU or 673,o671 
QUALITY USED EQUIPMENT 
1 9 7 o IH 385o louder...........................' 8 ,5 o o 
1 9 6 6 IH 25o Crawler loader............... *.16 ,5oo 
1 9 7 3 Case 35o Loader Hoe................. ‘ I 3 ,9 5 o 
1 9 7 2 Case 45o Dozer...........................*1 o ,5 o o 
1 9 7 2 Hein Warner C-14A....................*1 4 ,o o o 
1 9 7 2 A/C 7-G Crawler Loader............ *1 3 ,9 5 o 
1971 John Deere 51o Wheel loader 
Hoe...............................................‘ 2 2 ,5 o o 
1 9 7 5 John Deere 86oA Semper...........*.7 3 ,7 5o 
TOM FAIREY COMPANY 
INTERSTATE 3 5 NO RTH OF KYLE 
PHONE (5 1 2 ) 3 8 5 * 8 9 1 o 

GREAT DANES 
Champion sired I 755 4696 
Sell It or FindTt Tiv 
TheEXPRESSNEW s 

TO PLACE YOUR AD CAU Hs. NOORE 225*1666 

H n n e a tim D a n e a n d G e r m a n 
Shepherd M ixed Puppies, fem ales 
,25 194-2151.__________ ___________ 
I a b ra d e r Pups A KC . yellow blk 
E xt quality 493-9394_____________ 

M ust Sell J CPA B eau tiful Adult 
Siamese. 674.7578 
____________ 
AUTO A U C T IO N 
Sat. May 7!h I PM 

Over 1o3 tars, trucks, and vans consigned. Open ta public and dealers. 

ALAM*) AUTO AUCTION 
33oo S.W. MILITARY 
924*6469 

Floyd Hall Aud. TX-GS 77-o268 

 lf you h a ve A n tiq u es, J e w e lry , 
D ia m o n d s , S te r lin g , G o ld o r 
O riental Runs to sell. you’ll get the 
Best P ric e tro w San A ntonio s 
Finest Shop: 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
Sunday. M ay. t, 1 3o P M 
G a ry ’s Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. - Coll 298 37o1 

O B E D IE N C E CLASSES 
All Breeds Starts IO M ay 
M A STE R K E N N E L S 688-3539 
A n tiq u e c o rn e r c h in a c a b in e t. 
G olden O ak w ith c u rv e d fro n t gloss, S175. Coll 9 6, 349 43o5 

P a rt Shepherd P oppies S Io-S I5 
ASA-2o34 after 6 p. r n .____________ 
Persian Kittens, Chinchilla Silver 
P urebred Reg A C F A 494-3893 
A-HALE TRAILERS 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; for Sate or Rent 
Also feed B arrels with Lids 
S L IM P O IL CO Off IH 37 
533-5151 
6o4 
Carolina nites 
344 7215 
_______ 

Antique Desk, M ode of Texas Cv press, inlaid Leather Top, SISO. 
733-9878. 
M rs. Brenner, 822 544o, 342-5o7o 

The short lace, fatge expressive eyes and tightly cuffed tail, being typical of Chino s dogs, suggest an Oriental origin. The Pug (pug is on obsolete term of endearment) was brought to the Netherlands by Dutch Traders, and Ifs fame sped to the Continent where it became the acme of fashion. 

A re Your Antiques and Collect! hies P roperly in s u re d ' C ertified in ve n to ry , Licensed A p p ra is e r, 
Phil M oran 734 5668. 

Precious P e i -a docs 
Blk- S ilv er 
6wks 828 3723, 828 2448__________ 
Must M oke Room F o r New Stock 
Up To 4o% R eduction, G ifts for j 
Mothers Day 
H E L E M O U E S 
I 
2716 
M c Cullough, 
734-37961 

P u p p ies , Vt D o b e rm a n , VV G et m an Shephard, 5 weeks, 922-17oo 
Appaloosa Coit I yr. D ark Brown with white bionket. 1-755 4662. 
B a rb e r c h air, pat 
19o9 
Round seat, o rig strap 
P e rfe c t cond. 
555o. 1629 El Monte 
P u re b re d C ollie P uppies 6 wks 
565. Cosh only 673-4732 __________ 
2 Appaloosa M ares and saddles t -2 horse tra ile r. 923-6o48.________ 
’■’K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A LE S ” 
G rover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx. 
TXG C 77-o154 
S A. Office: 11o31 Wye D rive 
Allen Howe!' (512) 656 1 13o 
2x2 A U C TIO N M A Y J T O N IG H T y d iversified antiaue selection. All good old Texas lu ik ju n k .'i Also 
A rm y surplus items, m odern fu r­ niture, lam ps, carpet, radios, tvs. 
We hove it all! 11 

A A AKC S H IH T IU P U P S 
Moles, Fem ales, Shots 342-7o3o 
R E G Q fr Horse 2 y r old Gelding 
Y e a r lin g F illy 
S u p e rb y o u th 
H a lte r and P e r fo r m a n c e P r o ­ spects. Best Bloodlines. 679-7665 after 5 
__________ 

Appaloosa P alom ino 14 hands, 4 yrs, West and Eng 
R ider $4oo. 
695-916o. 
_______ 
• A AKC A F G H A N S * 
C HA M P 
Lines___________ 698 27o8 
A dorable AKC T O Y P O O D L E S , 
Apricot moles Coll 344-oo71 
^Staffordshire Terrier 
Bul! Pups 

Cham pion 
Bloodlines. 
Sire and D an by Ch. Ruf­ fians H arper 

Call 
Robert Smith 
7 3 2 -8 6 8 8 

Twin, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
SOLID BRASS H E A D B O A R D S 
24 6925__________ 3123 Broadw ay 
$927. 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
1-772-3634 622-93oo 
Lytle 
AUCTION TONIGHT 
OPA'S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S. H a ck b e rry 
A G HA M a re goad s traig h t s o r­ re l!. C la ss ic b lo o d lin e s . N eeds som e te n d e r lo v in g c o r e . 
494-6o9o, 699-3241.________________ 
91 59 S. Presa, May 2, 7:3o P.M. 

TONIGHT we have a very super unusual auction for you" Begin­ ning with the very best selection of antique dishes, Bm A Brot, silverware, btass, old paintings and pictures with frames Antique chaus, tackers, bedroom suites, desks, trunks, poster beds, lamp tables, dropieaf tables, office thous, Periodicals All sorts of stamps, paperwork and documents Bibles. Wardrobe, block and tor kl. other primitives. Crockery. Iou name it, we have a very diversified antique selection All good old lexos Junk!! Also Army surplus items, modern furniture, lamps, carpet, radios, TVs. We hove it oil!!! 
LISTER'S AUCTION VILLAGE 
633-26oo or 633-o34o 

Auctioneer 
JIM LISTER 
T.G c-77 o4o8 

B O E R N E onri C O M F O R T shops welcom e you in fo rm atio n - G a r den Gate, 316 5. M o m , for erect shops 
Accent, Two on the A rk, 
Hand and H eart, Boerne House of 
Antiques, Jody’s, This Old House, 
Pioneer West (Leon Springs). In 
Comfort, Com fort Collections and 
M o rty ’s Off H e r R ocker. 
___ 

SIAM ESE K IT T E N S S15 
649-2184 
Oval M a rb le Top Table 
Tiffany Type Shade 
Good Selection of P rim itives 
A N TIQ U E C O TTA G E , 5o8 Dallas 

A dorable AKC P ekingese pups, ch bloodline SIPP. 69o-9235 

A d o ra b le AKC Y o r k ie F e m a le 
Pups. Reg and P edigree P apers given, w orm free, shots. 
525o 
826 441 1__________________________ 

A dorable Chf-Apso P uppies, No worms. 545. Cash. 337 3669 

S IB E R IA N H U S K IE S 
1-995 2543 
AGHA REG . M a re, 7 yrs old. 2 yr old Boy M a re 679-7335___________ 
W A NT AN AKC DOG? 
S.A. Dog Breeders R e fe rra l S er­ vice w ill put you rn touch w ith a n e a r b y r e p u ta b le b r e e d e r . 
494 7787, 673-46o3._____________ 

P r iv a te C o lle c tio n 
C u tg ia s s , c ro n b e rry , s ilv e r, lam ps, M a ry 
G r e g o r y , b ir d p r in ts , g a m e plates. 
E m erge, and etc. 
Call 
6516166. 
______________________ 

B a b y C a lv e s SJO SSO. G r o s s 1 
Cotves S6o-SHo. 922 8449__________ 
Beautiful IO y r. old A Q H A geldmq g e n tle v e t s p ir ite d . E x c e lle n t; 
P to n s u re h o rs e , 
N O 
B A D 
H A B ITS. Colt Lytle, I 772-3957. 
BUY S E L L -A P P R A IS E 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TOWN 8. C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826 2749 36o9 Broadw ay 735 24 14 

E ve ry Sat. 12 Noon, Cattle, sheep, goats, horses. 12 m i. S .W . S..A. 
F a rm Rd 2173, M acdona, Tx. 

A d o ra b le C o llie P u p p ie s , our ebred. 822-76o3, 822-76o3._________ 
C H IC K E N & P O U L T R Y S W A P 
M E E T O P E N A G A IN 
L a y in g 
Hens $1 SO ea 626 2174. 

White M ale S pilt, I yr $25. G rey fem ale G erm an Shepherd, 3 mas. 
525 coll 696-4714. 
_______ 
QUEEN S ANTIQUES 
28o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours: 9 5 
B la c k 
M o r e , 
IO y e a r * o ld . 
E xc e lle n t disposition, good con­ form ation. $25o. 924-26o4._________ 

A dorable W hite M in . A m e ric a n 
Eskim o pups 8 wks Need homes price reduced m ust te ll 349-62o1 
No I Fertilized Coastal B erm uda 
Hay si 75 per bole in Barn. Suth­ erland Sprinqs 25 bales m in im u m . 
226-o141; 826-6o27________________ 
Not much to look at, but g re a t to ride This 7 yr. gentle m a re is an excellent pleasure horse or firs t horse to r yo u r child. $21o. C oll 
Lytle, 1-772-3957.__________________ 
P U R E B R E D 
S A N T A 
G E R 
T R U D IS B U L L S ; H E I F E R S , 
COWS 344-9259 oft 6_______________ 

Whole litter of puppies found on side of expressw ay, w ant a good hom e for them 
Con be seen a t 
2oo2 Breeden 732-7165.___________ 

Sale! Sale! Sale! 
Clearing large stock of fu rn itu re, 
B ric -A -B ra c b e fo re closing for vacation. Bargains galore. B ring­ ing in from storage daily. 
36H B roadw ay, 822-7496 

AKC 5 A M O Y E D PUPS 
Shots, w orm ed 1-358-88o8 
Afghan, black m ask, apricot. lye o r 532-5829 aft 5 
94? Farm equipment SuppHes 

B K, r o u n d B flier-Denso 548l r 
Used W indrew er $25oo. N ew Bole 
L o a d e rs $75o. E W A L D F O R D 
T R A C T O R S , 
IH IO 
H w y 
46, 
Seguin, Tx 1-379 4591 _________ 

AKC Sam oved fem ale 4 yrs. SISO. 
922 3963._______ 
_______ 
Grobo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hw y 
Registered B rahm an Heifers and 
Bulls. 512-824-9773. 
I ) w k old G e r m a n S h e p h e rd 
Pups, AKC, papers $35. 333-5o42. 
AKC black G erm an Shepherds, 3 rn os. Shots and w orm ed. 696-o684 
C H A RO LAIS B U L L Reg, 3> 2 yrs. 
56oo. I 42o-2S42. 
_______ 
TAIL E N D A N T IQ U E S 
Leaded stained doors, panels 
In Colonies N orth M o ll 

AKC Borrel (R ussian W olfhound) 
Fem ale, 4 mos. shots, 432-53o9 
Bock From the F o r E ast (O hio) 
1ooo pieces of D epression Glass, 
R o y a l 
D u x , 
A n tiq u e 
T o y s , 
Remington 8. Nutting prints, cop­ per, brass, furniture. 
616 S S E G U IN St., C O N V E R S E 

AKC Boxer fem ales, SUS. sa. Coll 
661-6664. 
AKC ST. B ernard of Stud 
349 9589 anytim e 
Sprigging and custom w ork, also chisel plow ing anti hay b a ilin g . 
1-742-8415. Schum acher Bros. 

AKC Boxer Puppies, Show Quale ty. 696-o223 ofter 6 p.m .___________ 
43 ft double deck A m erican - 4o ft 
Single deck Nabors, straight a ir, 
6o% R u b b e r. B a r g a in . S2ooo. 
695-89o5; 695-32o5. 

Q tr H o rs e S o r r e l G e ld in g 14 hands. 54oo. 651-695o._____________ 
I Q u a rte r H o rs e M a re "$35o. I 
Gelding S25o, lack for both e x tra . 
228-oo33 after 5 p n r______________ 

AIR COMPRESSORS 
NEW 
T a n k Mounted with 
Factory Guarantee. 
5 H P ........................ $ 8 /o . 
IO H P .........................$1 38o. 
2o H P ......................... $24 65 
Other Sit** all* Available 
Col! Ui for Ute. Mohh. Overhead 
Cranes, Met. fetors 
W.M. SMITH EIEC. CO. 
318 E. Nakoma 
494-18o1 

AKC ST B E R N A R D IO mos 
653-1743 
AKC Ch Sired Buff Cocker Spaniel puppies 69o-8799 atte r 4___________ 
H ay E q u ip m en t. B a le r, M o w e r, 
C o n d itio n e r a n d T r a c to r . 1976 
Models Sell I or all. E x t. cond. 
684-9894. 

C R A N B E R R Y C O L L E C T IO N 
BESS A N T IQ U E S 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 661 5582 

•Coastal Sprigs .7o bu* 
Sutherland Springs 
1-947-337Q 1-947-3379 
AKC W e im a ro n e r Pups 8 w ks. 
349 3o81 atter 6p.m._______________ 
AKC COCKER P U P S, Buff, shots, worm ed. 494-3338. 
12 disc Int. one w ay plow , seed box on rubber 565o M H. No 6. m ow er on rubber $25o. 677-8869. 
AKC Y O R K IE S 
Accepting deposits on 7 week old m ales-fem ales. 824-4327. 

RAN CH F E N C IN G BY B E N K E 
___________ 674-15o4_____________ 

Reg Brahm an Bulls 12 to 24 mos. 
H eifers 12 to 18 mos G entle. A ll 
Pets. 633-o867___________________ _ 

H IG H C L E A R A N C E Diesel T ra c ­ to rs : 5/ hp $625o. 3o hp $395o. 
Equipped tor fro n t m ounted cul­ tivators and bedders. D O D G E N 
EQ. CO., 8223 S. Presa, 532-4151. 
4o3 I H . C o m b in e . E x c . c o n d . 
379-27o6 Seguin ofter 6 p.m ._______ 

A K C C o c k e r s p a n ie l p u p p ie s , champion sired 674-238o 
D IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D 
W A Y 
S p e c ia liz in g in P e r io d 
A m e ric a n A n tiq u e a n d c lo c k s , o v e r 25o c lo c k s in in v e n to r y . 
Large Pine Cupboard, 18 D ra w e r 
P in e A p o th ec a ry C h est, 2 A m . 
Spider I eg Candle Stands, Shaker 
Rocker, 4 Post Rope Bed, English 
Wooden Candlestick, B rass Coal 
H od, C o u n try F re n c h B u ffe tt 
Tues- Sat. 1o-5 826-1991 

••F A R M TR A C TO R S ** 
$18.95 per sq. 
F LO W E R S LSR CO 
A K C C o c k er S p a n ie l P u p p ie s , 
SHver-Butf SUS. 633-9729. 
A K ITA P U P P IE S . Leaving must sell' 654 1517 
I M in n e a p o lis M o lin e w ith 6 ti shredder and 2 bottom M obo ard plow $15oo. 

2567 Goliad 
C o rru g a te d Ir o n 18 a n d 2o ti lengths, good cond. S4eo. 649-1299 
A m e ric a n F ie ld T r ia l Ch. L in e 
Eng. Setters. VPC. 826-7788. 
Reg. Nubian Buck, Sire C adillac 
Line, Cabrilos. 1-42o-2579._______ 
A KC C ollie P uppies, S able and w h ite , Reg. I m o le. 5 m os. o il shots. 734-5374, 8 to 5 w eekdays ask for Nile. 

C o y 's B o n a n z a - O w n Son O f- b e au tifu l, easy m a n o red s o rre l 
Stallion, 494-6o9o; 699-3241._______ 

A o r a b le 
S ia m e s e k itte n s , bluepoints, Sealpoints 525 654-634/ 
John Beam Sprayer 
3oo gal 
T ra ile r m ounted P T .O . 
Pum p driven w ith hose, head and s p ray boom . B a rg a in at $115o. 
695-89o5, 695-32o5._________ 

I • International M odel 4o4, 3 pf hookup w ith 5 ft s h re d d e r and c u ltiv a to r $18oo. I - F o r m a n 
M o d e l 8 w ith new tir e s , 5 It shredder *14oo. I - Allis C halm ers 
M o d e l B. w id e fr o n te n d , w ith c o w e r ta k e o ff C o rd w ood saw m ounted $85o I - Allis C halm ers 
Model A Wide frontend pow er ta­ keoff and new tires. S95o. 
12V. H O LD E N 
Machinery & EQ. Co 

<595-9218 
<5 9 5 -3 2 o 5 

B lack M a le P oodle. 9 m os $5o atter 6 p.m . 333-4165._____________ 
Custom hand mode saddles, over 
5o used s a d d le s in s to c k . 
H u n d re d s of 1st e n d 2nd lin e boots. B and W Boot and Tack, 4o5 
S. Guadalupe St, San M arco s, Tx. 
1-392-4676. 

AKC Collie Puppies. Sahie-w nite, 
6 wks, shots, fem . $75. m ales $9o 
1-538-258o. 

RE G . Polled H ereford Bulls. 54oo end up. 653-1855 or 1-562-3251 
Btl 
Lob P u p p ies , fu ll blooded. 
Sire AKC Reg. 9 wks. Exc. hunt- ing dogs. 653-o9o8.________________ 

E arly V irginia H untboard, Long leot Pine $ i2 o o .735-4715. 
Reg, P olled H e re fo rd B ulls fo r 
Sale. 1-426-3575. 341-76o8.__________ 
4o1o: 4o2o JO H N D E E R E 
Diesel, 534-6711 
AKC C O LLIE S 
Pups«623-451 1«2 yr fem . 
25 horse C98 Model 2o 998. S. N 
1o976 7 yrs old. New P rice SAI SO. 
This m achine is rn excellent cond. 
$265o. 
Con deliver. 
695-89o5; 
695-32o5.__________ 
______ 

B O R D E R C O L L IE P U P S A R F 
REG . 649-1224. 
____ 
GASLIGHT ANTIQUES 
1525 MC 
C U L LO U G H 
797 48o3 
7o re p la c e m e n t Angus e n d H e ­ reford heifers. Some Brangus and 
Angus bulls. 922-9796______________ 

M A S S E Y 
F E R G U S O N 
H a y 
Balers and H ay E quipm ent on 
Sole. 
D IE T Z TR A C TO R CO. 
522 IH-1o, Seguin 
_____________ 658-1288________ ___ 

AKC Oachsund Pups, lOwks. old, 
656-8261 oft. 9:3o pm______________ 
English Saddle, excellent shape, 
828-o636 Call Rod. 
C F A Reg. Sealoom t Siam ese Kit lens. 658-28o3. 
A K C E n g 
S p r in g e r P u p * , a ll shots, exc quality. 494-156o.______ 
FE LP S HO RSE, STOCK 
A N D G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
S a le s , S e r v ic e , R e p a ir s , a n d 
T ra ile r Rentals, 443o Hw y 9o East 
(S. W W White R d.) 333-1611. 

R ESTOC K Y O U R RAN CH W IT H 
W IL D T U R K E Y . N ew poults $2 each. 342-73o7 
____________ 

G re e n h o u s e S a le , 8 x 6 , 8 x !2 term s, free del. 924 5oo3 
C h ih u a h u a P u p p ies , no p a p e rs 
S45-S55. Black. 732-2476 
U S E D E Q U IP M E N T 
FOR SALE OR R E N T 
1 Parsons 5o Trencher 
2 Parsons 75 Trenchers 
I P arso n s 255 T re n c h e r , IS H deep, 24 in. wide. 
I Allied /OOO B HoR am 
IJohn D eere 35o-B loader. 
5 portable hydraulic pow er units, 
II G P M , 15oo PSI 
I Used Asphalt drag box 

AKC G O LO E N R E T R IE V E R S 
CRI TCHC 7 I P IA N O CO 
No Tim e Lim it on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Plan 
19o7 W Woodlawn 
734 4 

Chihuahuas - Tiny AKC Pups. Al- so Adorable Poodle Pups. 627-2768 
R O CK P IC K E R , h y d ra u lic con- trol lift. 23o1 N o g a le s , 534-6711 
Saddle. Like new, 16- seat. 95% tooling, bags, breast collar, b rid le reins. $5oo. 648-1551.______________ 

Large Selection of Antique 
PLAYER PIANOS 
E D G A ID A 'S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO. 
28o6 N .Flores 
733 I 

Beautiful puppies. E xcellent field, o b e d ien c e , c o n firm a tio n b a c k ­ grounds. 1-392-5292 or 1-392-4664, 
Sow M arcos. 

Felps )4'open Stock $927 
H A R R IS W E S T E R N C E N T E R 
422-93oo 
Lytle 
1-772-3634 

AC m o d e l 
45 m o to r g r a d e r , 
B E D E L b u ili b o rin g m a c h in e , 
V erm eer T 6oo ditcher, 1966 White 
14 yd, tandem dum p Ferguson 3 ton compactor Coll Canyon Lake, 
512 899-7698 atter 6pm.____________ 

CHOW P U P P IE S 
6wks AKC Reg. 349-2838 
8N and 9N w ith new and used im e lem en ts. F in a n cin g a v a ila b le 
37o8 S. Flores 
THE TORGERSON CO 
739 Steves________________ 533-514 
S o rg h u m S udan seed $16 c w t. 
B la c k e v e s $45. P u r p le H u ll crow ders $65 cwt. Share cropper co rn , y ello w and w h ite , y e llo w den! $11.5o. 5o1b sock m ixed sweet 
Sudan $25 cwt. G a lla w a y B ro s , 
Somerset, 
Tx. Call 622-3862 or 
429-32o4. 

Ham m ond B-3 O rgan w ith Leslie speaker 684-4999, 69o-o77o. 
CHOW Puppy, red, m ale 
674-oo41 
FOR SALE 
75% Registered Lim ousin Bull. 2 y e a rs o ld. O u t of E S S O R a n d 
D A N D Y 
Call 341-7594 ofter 5:3o 
PM_______________________________ 
6 e L o IN G -5 y e a rs old. S ad d le and lack. 
Rodeo perform ance. 
(1)762-3657._____________________ 

TO W N E R M O B O A R D H yd rau lic 
Rollover 3 bottom plow, 3 pf hoo­ kup 5375. 695-9218.________________ 

H am m ond O rg an M odel M and 
Leslie S peaker, M odel 9oo, re a ­ sonable call 828-3777 ofter 6pm 
New boss cobinef, 2 IS’ speakers, 
$199. 2, 13' Toms, 13 end 16- Toms, with 
Ludwig floor stand, 
$99. 
734 5665. 

N e w P ia n o , S to ry a nd C la r k , 
Pecan Finish, *12oo. Call Between 
8 3pm 484-8884____________________ 
C h. 
S ire a n d 
D a m G e r m a n 
S h o rth a n d P o in te r P uppies. E l­ m endorf 1-393-6754. 
F o r S ole; F o rk lift, C la rk Used 
1967 6ooo1b solid rubber tires, new paint, 13o ' lift, Ipg $6ooo 226-8271 

Organ, G ulbransen P acem aker. 4 mos old. Cost $2995. M ake offer. 
696-73o2 
Ch. Sired W eim araner Puppies 
Elm endorf 
» 
1-393-675 
6 G A llis C h a m b e rs , 1% y a r d b u c k e t and d o z e r, plus b ru s h clam p ana back drag attachm ent. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , m u s t sell soon. Test drive tra cto r at Vance 
Jackson at C allaghan. W ill help finance, 696-833o 

Sorrel Q tr Gelding Saddle Horse, 
Broken, Gentle *45o. 69o-9759 att 
8723 Broadw ay. 826-6314 
Collie pup 6 wks, sable and white, fem ale, 
Little 
Lassie, 
$5o 
1-42o-28o8 
IO - G entle ( F - l) H o ls te in -B ra ti­ m on Y e a rlin g H e ife rs . 734S32o 
Con D e l.__________________________ 
Stairs For Rent, 25 acres of horse tra ils , 3 stocked ta n k s , h o rs es bought and sold. H om e; 657-o517, 
Ranch; 628-1367 
_____ ________ 

AKC Iris h T e rrie rs , G ood Pets, 
IQwks. Shots, m ust sell 1-755-81o3 
Com panion o r w atchdog. 3 G er mon Shepherds. 635-8561.________ 
Gentle Sorrel G elding, good trail horse, 16 hands, l l yrs. $5oo with tack 658-7234.____________________ 

G entle 4 yr old S orrel M a re . 13 hands, e x p e rie n c e d rid e r $4oo. 
34I-41H. otter 6pm weekends. 

•1 Cute P u p p ie s , m ix e d b re e d , fem ales $5 ea. 828-8598. 
T R E N C H IN G 
IOO ft 
1o,ooo ft w o te rlin e s an d b u rie d c a b le s . 
337-8oo1. 8 am - IO pm .___________ 
14 Y e a r old iro n g r a y W e lc h 
Pony-Gelding. 12.1 Hands. E x p e r­ ienced show hunter, can be ridden western and w ill pull a cart. Aus­ tin, 512.474-o784 or 476-7143 

Yellows Blks Choc s 826-3393 
Doberm an Pups, Red, no papers 
$6o. Blk AKC $9o I 278-8555 a lt 6 
AKC M A L E C H IH U A H U A 
649-2133 
D O B E R M A N P U P P IE S 7 w k) 
15 
1-249-317o 
AKC m ale D o b e rm a n , l l mos. 
$2oo. 824-99o2 
G ie a t Sm all H orse for children. 
Saddle and all tack. $15o or best 
Ofter. 1-438-246o 
3 Young N urse Cows fresh w ith baby colves. 734-532o con del. 
D oberm an Puppies, outstanding 
AKC registered, black and rust, 
5w ks, o ld, fe m a le $1oo, m a ie s i 125, Uvalde, Tx. 278-3162.________ 

AKC Poodle Pups, $65 Up 
674-122o 
2 y r old AQ HA Reg. Stud. Block. 
648-o)17 ofter 5 p.m .______________ 
G U E R N S E Y 
B U L L 
A N D 
C A L V E S . 
__________C A L L 626-272o__________ 
Great cA m etfcan 

 b a r g a in cWANT ADS! 

AKC Red Doberm an a t Stud 
349-9589 anytim e 
7 YR. O LD Black Reg. Tennessee 
W a lk in g P le a s u re G e ld in g . On s m a ll s id e - im p o r te d fr o m 
A labam a. Top Breeding- M id n ig h t 
S u n -M e rry Boy. $1,25o. C an be seen a t Busby S tables, IH -Io N . 
Coll Brenda at 734-6677 

E xceptionally beautiful Old E ng­ lish Sheepdog Pups AKC Reg. All shots and w orm ed 653-2115 
H alter Contorm ation. R ace P edi­ gree 3 yr old Stallion, Sound Top 
Quality. 734-532o; 695-3789. 

16 hand gelding-big, gentle, fa ith ­ ful grey. 494-6o9o; 699-3241. 

AKC Reg. Collie Puppies $75 ea. after 5 p. rn. 532-8o45.___________ 
F o r S ale F u llb lo o d e d G e rm a n 
Shepherd Pups. 626-24o4._________ 
A K C R e g . G e r m a n S h e p h e rd 
Pups, 5 mole I fem ale. 924-1867. 
C a m p er shell fo r p ic k u p , good condition with paneling and lights, 
$15o. S a d d le ta n k s fo r p re 68 
Chevy or G M C pickup $2o ea 
822 5895. 

R E C O N D IT IO N E D 
T V 'S 
W hite-yellow, rod iron /p c. dining 
Consoles, P o rta b le s , C o lo r and se! *5o. Yellow Samsonite choise 
B la c k W h ite , c o lo r as low a s, ; lounge SSO Yellow rod iron a rm 
$129 95, B W, $29.95. $5o down, as j c h air $18.5o, 24x37 beveled m ir- low as $1o o wk 
G E O R G E S TV I ror, $1o. White vinyl sofa 1175. All and a p p l . 2415 H o rry W urzbacti, ; in excellent conation 658-823o a tt 
828 13o6___________________________ | 4 p m ______________________________ 

2 Record cabinets, oil inclosed in 
W urtilizer organ,**} keyboards, 13 
M ed. style finish. Just beautiful as pedals, 21 stops perfect condition. end tables, $6o eo 341 5395_______ 
337-6768 or 333-6o51 
R e el-to -re el tape re c o rd e r w ith . a m P M r a d io , AC o r b a tte r y , I imhiih.iiii»ih— — — 
— — 
» briefcase type, 135 735 2958 
o 9 o 
PAR APF QU! 
R e frig e ra to r, autom atic w asher, | u nnB u i c ILL ; fre e z e r. P e rfe c t cond. Reosono- ble. 226 )959. 
1133 Alex Ham ilton, F ri, Sot ana 
R efrigerator Frost free, t i cu. Itll I Sun loam to Spin 732-2o77 perfect. SISO. 824-8731. 
A rm y Rebekah Lodge Y a rd Sale. 
R E F R IG E R A T O R 2 d r , goo d 
C lo th e s a n d M IS C 
6925 SO condition, $75 Col) 533-3392. j FLO R E S 
Apr. 
3o- 
M a y 
2, 

G ree n rug, orig 
$1o5, now *6o, excel, cond. End tuble, *1o. Book case. SIS. W eights, $8. 658 7927. 
F R E E ' one sm all black dog, one large block dog. 658-9o93. 
AKC Reg. H arlequin G rea t Dane 
Ch. Lineage 6 wks. 1-643-7423. 
HAY D elivered 
1-685-3361,. 1-997-3767 
PLACE YOUR W A N T AD 
IN THE tXPBLSS NEWS 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

19” Adm iral black and white TV hardly used, $75 492 172o 
G u ita r, R IC H E N B A C H E R , elec. 
Cherry red $275 696 73o2 
23 
3 yr old White B rahm an Cows w ith 8 calves. 17 - 3 y r old Brangus 
Cows with IO calves. 18- 3 and 4 y r old Bred Jersey B rahm an Cows. 
512-227-o151. 8 to 5 Mon to F rl. 

F R E E P E A N U T S A N D P O P 
CORN (K ittens) 653 3296_________ 
Cai pet gold sculpture 11x14 $6o, p lay p e n w ood. $1o D in e tte $3o 
Cash 434 6673 

A fric a n V io le ts , dish g a rd e n s , hanging baskets, a ll types c e r ­ am ic planters. 
M a c ra m e . 
534 oo36. 

3 H /8 -IS G o o d year gloss belted tire s on F o rd whs 
$12 SOea. I couch $5o, 2 choirs $2oea, A m -F m 
Stereo P honograph $25, I M a n - dolin, $3o. 684-o694 

Fre e Puppies - P a rt Shepherd. 334 
Revlon afte r 4 p. rn. 
A KC Reg. St. B e rn a rd at Stud. 
Call anytim e. 349-9589 
C a ta lin a a ir c o n d itio n e r, 14,ooo 
BTU. VIOO 8’ sofa. SfcO 333 7o3/ 
Air conditioner I % ton. window u n it $165, tw in s tage a ir c o m ­ pressor 
11o-22o w ith m otor. 
433 3487 
YO U R a u t o s TO D e p t N O ABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

C edar siding and fencing , new, 
2oc lin e a r ft. a n d up v a r io u s dimensions. I 42o 2786 

K e n m o re p o r ta b le a u to m a tic dishwasher, butcherbiock finish, white, excellent condition. $125. 
675 1123__________________________ 
Kingsize bed c o m p le te , F re n c h 
Provincial. 
SISO. 
732-5244 ofter 
> p m ._________________________________ 

Air conditioner. 12,ooo B TU , 2 yr 
Old $9o Fu g -192 7414.____________ 
Central a ir conditioner and t,eat­ ing unit, com plete G E brand. Colt ofter 
4pm 
635-8564 
Anytim e w h e n a s .________________________ 
AIR C O N D IT IO N E R S 
( I ) 16,5oo 
, BTU , 22o volt, $25o. ( I ) UPP 1o,ooo 
BTU, HO volt, $85 349-o82o 
A k o 1! "Tape D e c k G i t -2 8 o D - i i , 
*45o, P io n ee r 4 c h a n n e l s te re o 
; receiver ox 747 $25o 2 Kenwood 
K L 7o9o $ l2S eo 
I K e n w o o d 
KL 777 $)2oeo 732-1415 

2 C hairs, can be used in livin g room or den, I Lawsen type chair 
$5o, 
I 
D a n is h m o d e r n 
$35, 
Excellent condition. 342-5961. 

K in g s ize B ed, e x tra fir m , s till p a c k a g e d $145 c o m p le te w ith w id e r o lle r s te e l f r a m e a n d d e liv e ry 
Gig b ra ss k in g head- board $65. Usually hom e 684-8234. 
R efrigerator, 12 cu f t , Avocado 
2 yrs, old SIPP. 653-9869. 
Castle H ills Thur thru Sun, Cus­ tom wood c o b in ef doors, som e a p p ro x . 24” x 18", F is h e r P ric e 
Toys in e xc elle n t condition. 125 
Lou Jon.____________________ 

Chickering U pright Piano, 2 end tables, 2 Spanish style lam ps, all lim e s , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
828-5526, 654 1o1o otter 5pm ____ 

King sue m attress arid box soring set, good condition 684-1585 

Kirby Vocuum , with attachm ents, new 
1977 m o d e l. 
In c o rto n 
Regularly $379 95. Sell S23S. After 
6pm 696-9555 ______ 

R E F R IG . Sear w hile 15.2 Cu Ft. ice-m oker, 2yrs 525o. 492 272o 
AM Kinds of F u rn itu re Sofa $69, 
D ining Room Set, $125, Antique 
W ardrobe $99, Com al. Twin Beds, 
555 eo G om e Table $39, Chests, 
$25 and $35. Spanish Coffee Table 
$39 End tables $9. TV S4V, Much 
More 17o5 West Ave I to 7pm. 
732-6595 

Rem ington L-H autom atic HOO. 12 gouge 732 2626 oft.5:3o Rusty 
R e v a l m e a t g rin d e r and salad m aker (n e w ), $3o. 3 piece se! vin 
VI luggage (n e w ), $25. Set of golf clubs, $3o. C L E V E L A N D single 
French Horn, $125. BESSON E u ­ phonium. S45o. Y A M A H A French horn, $65o SIL V E R TO N E g u itar and am p , $7o 494 5725 

13 Church Pews, 2oft tong, m ade of B irc h w o o d , w ith p a d d e d kneelers. Coll 512-824 o)39. 
E V E R Y T H IN G M U S T G O ' 8am to 4pm 
862 Pennvstone, SAT O N LY 
BABYSITTING 
CHILDCARE 
ADDITIONS 
HAULING & MOVING 
PAINTING 
25’’ C olor M a a n a v o x TV 
Beau fit ut M ea style console in excel­ lent condition. New picture tube. 
S22S or best offer 341 5395_______ 

L a rg e re c lin e r, s a c rific e $135, n e ar new. A ir hockey table, $65 
Antique coffee service. 681-2)o5 
F u r n itu r e , a p p lia n c e s , c lo th es and m isc. sev era l fa m ilie s . Sat and Sun 9-6. 931 W G ram e rcy 

M O V IN G 
D E L IV E R Y S E R V IC E 
18Ft. Truck 628-1385 _____ 
N O R T H W E S T - E x c e lle n t c h ild core. 
M y home. 
Licensed. 
432-o774 

Am Fm Stereo recoder with turn- fable and 2 larg e speakers $125. 
653 226o alter 6 
Large sofa, green, 4 cushions, like new, $7 5, 494-6964 
M o v in g -H a u lin g ; 3 y rs e x p e r ­ ience. reasonable, tree est. Lance 
696-4495. 

G A R A G E S A L E , m any clothes and items. Most under $1.oo 338 
Surrels 
________________________ 

C olor TV $75, B lock and w hite portable $37 SO 733-o762 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
Lawnm ower, gasoline, good cond, 
$3o 192 2414 
R E G IS T E R E D C H IL D C A R E in mv home, Vicinity West Ave and 
Blanco Rd 344-7861 Take infants also. 
_________ 
__________ 

A ntiqu es, child s dre ss es $125, m irro r $45, trunk $6o. tem p SIO pair, baby m attress $1o. s te rilizer 
SIO 49? 2924. 

Coll 45 B untline, m in t condition 
$75o. M auser 9m m autom atic pis­ tol, new $4oo. W inchester Bi Cen tinnial com m em orative rifle $5oo. 
684 6423 oft spin 
_ 
C onn T ro m b o n e , b o u g h t n e w , used 9 mo- asking SISO. 654-o952 

RO LE X P R E S ID E N T IA L 
Hidden clasp. New. $26oo 
_______ 349 4191 or 349-1639_______ 
Sender B~assman Am p C a b in et with 2-15' speakers. Good cond. 
$185 G rant 736 8469 Anytim e 

M O V IN G ’ OR W A N T T H IN G S 
H A U L E D AW AY? 
F re e Estim ates 923-67o9 

G A R A G E S A LE ! Sat A pril 3o. All 
Sorts of Things! 331 T im b erla n e 
826-793o. 
_____ 
__________ 

Law n m o w er, Toro, ele c t start. sell propelled 438 O rchard 

R e g is te r e d C h ild c a r e , in m y home, 
2yrs-ub, 
Glen a rea 
653-214o. 

Like new 25‘ console RCA color 
TV SISO 927 5827. 
Aquarium s 
(2) 29 gal salt w ater, 
( I ) SS gal fresh w ater. 654-o429 
G A R A G E S ALE: Salesm an sam ­ ples • U n ifo rm s , other c lothing, household item s, etc. T h u r-S a t. 
ISS T o n s vl, o ft V a n c e J ac ks o n 
Loop 41o.__________________________ 

HOME IMPRO VEM ENTS 
MAINTENANCE 
Like new couch and chair. Black 
A Decker edger. 735 2862. 
ARMY SURPLUS & 
DAMAGED F R E IG H T 
3o DAYS TO C LE A R TH E A R E A ! 
T E N T S , 16x32. C H U T E S , F A N S , 
DOORS, B U N K B E Q S A N D M A T 
TR E S S E S ,S IN G L E B E D S , COTS, 
BOATS AND M O TO R S , A D D IN G 
M A C H IN E S , S TO VE S , I SET OF 
K IT C H E N C A B IN E T S , D E E P ­ 
F R E E Z E , F IL E C A B IN E T S , 
D E S K S • W O O D A N D M E T A L , 
S W IV E L 
C H A IR S . 
R ID IN G 
M O W E R , 
T R A C T O R 
W IT H 
S H R E D D E R . D R U M S . LO TS OF 
O T H E R G O O D IE S Y O U W O N T 
W ANT TO U V E W IT H O U T 
5o35 
RO O SE V E LT, 924 8771, 

S E W IN G m a c h i n e - N elco Zig­ zag, nom ogram s, button holes, uke new, in cabinet. Cost 5289.5o, 
Sell SVQ 824 4879. 

ACCOUSTICAL CEILINGS 
R e g is te r e d c h ild c o re in m y home, Glen area, 655 7619________ 
C U S T M 
D R A P E S : 
C o rn is h board, lined drapes, sheers, and rods, triple, 9 panel 84 long, dou­ ble, 7 panel 84" long Antique Sa­ tin Seatoam G reen $25o. 828 5o83 

Luggage c a rrie r, for top of station wogon, used once. $2o 341-2897 jo e M e n d e z P a in t e r , ta p in g - flo a te r, p a p e r h a n g e r, te x tu re . 
Free Estim ates 435-2778 

Acoustical ceilings tape floating free est. reasonable prices. Coll 
6pm-9pm 333 4648 
______________ 

G a ra g e S ale - M o v in g 
H u tc h 
$ 1oo, Chino S15-S2o. M any sm all items. Fri, Sal, Sun. 826-54o1 
61o 
Meadow Lone. Off Austin H w y. 
DIRT-SAND-GRAVE L 
FILL TOPSOIL 
M I 
3o C A L 
C a r b in e , 
SISO. 
Q uarter scale model T car, type used by Shrine in parades, new condition, $2oo. Yashtco twin lens c a m e ra w ith trip o d , $1oo 
C oli ofter 5pm 681-1383 

Stnqle garage overhead door, $75, complete 922-3312 att 4 p m .______ 

Sofa and 2 chairs, off white, 9mos. cost $16oo sell for $75o. C orner group with tuble $154 656-1738. 

Dam aged 12x32 C ottage, term s, free delivery 733-5171. 
HOUSE CLEANING 
51o6 P rin c e V a lia n t, C a m e lo t I 
Sot-Sun only. M ony item s.________ 
ASPHALT 
AAA Grade, Topsoil, Caliche, Etc 
515.5o-Up 337-424o Anytim e! 
Deluxe CB base station, has digi­ tal clock, m eter, a n aly zer, Delta- tune, all extras. 
Best otter. 
684 37o9.__________________________ 
D E S K - la r g e , m e ta l, d r a w e r s each side. $6o CASH 434-66/3 

R U M M A G E -B A K E S A L E : St 
M a ry 's H all C am pus. 94o1 S tar- crest Sal M ay 7, to m to noon 

Im prove home, affordable prices 
F re e est. 924-9591 922-9196 
Specializing in Asphalt and Con crete Drives. 681-o874 A n ytim e! 
Sofa bed, practically new 
223-2271 
A 
B arron All Types D irt-S and 
G rovel. Y e a r Round Del. 435-6157. 
Movie carriero, Keystone Super 8, 
SSO. O ver IOO 8-troc tapes, mostly rock, 
$2ea. 
4 tape holders 
735-2958 

M O V IN G !!! Childeraft baby bed with m attress $7o, High C hair, no tra y $1o. 1o X3 form ca table-legs fold s/s, executive high back desk chair *1oo, m eter pole w ith elec­ tric work $25, lum ber IOC ti., k it­ chen table $1o, o rn a te S panish swag lam psacrifice *75. 491 3778. 
M O V IN G M U S T S E L L ! 5pc b e ­ droom suite, 4pc w alnut dinette set, 2 couches, 2 yr old gas stove, re trig e ro to r, stereo. And M uch 
M ore 
732 2684 or 
1438 
West 
Lynw ood_________________________ 

M U S T S E L L ! L o w e ry M a g ic 
G e n ie 44 O rg a n , b u ilt-in ta p e deck, rhythm section, earphones, cost $28oo new, 4 mos old, m ust sell due to financial crisis $18oo or m ake offer 435-4779._________ 
NE V t R U S E D 2 ton window air c o n d itio n e r, 2 3 o o B T U , $275. 
734-3128 
9am -5pm , 
342-7464 or 
695 3231___________________________ 

N E W 9o IN C H D E C O R A T O R 
SO FA, loose pillo w back 
M u lti colored shell design, velvet uphol 
S75o. 824-8o67. 

Sofa, 3 pc sectional, w hite tra d i­ tional. 344-95o7 
All types dirt, sand, gra ve l. Jim 
Longford, Northside, 342-244o. 
R U M M A G E SALE 
Los A ngeles 
H eights M e th o d is t C h u rc h , 8 o 2 i 
C atalina M ay 5 ond 6 ,8am to 5pm .t 

S a in t's 
P a in tin g . 
Puinting-Gen. 
R epairs 
Morn. 
INSULATION 
ASPHALT CONCRETE 
WORK 
TV REPAIRS - RENTALS 
Sofa, Rocker, Coffee Table, 2 end tobies. $175 or best offer. 655-253o. 
B E L G IA N G A R D E N T O P S O IL 
Best Q uality, also sand-top soil mix Open M S 433 1489. 435-9229 
U T IL IT IE S TOO H IG H ’ Save now with foam ed-in-place Insu lation. 
R-19 value 923-6261 anytim e. 

R U M M A G E S A LE : Thurs M ay $, 
8 3oam to 4 :oopm 
2143 S. W W. 
W hite, carport entrance 333-24o7 

F R E E E S T IM A T E S 7 Days. Hon est Low P ric e s . W ork G u a ro n teed. 924-o794 
S te reo console, A M -F M ra d io , 
8-track recorder. G a rra rd turnta ble, 3-wav speakers, $25o. Color 
25’ Mognavox TV , SISO. 435-4996 
S tereo console, S panish s ty le , 
3-spd d ia m o n d s ty lu s r e c o r d c h an g e r. A M -F M stereo ra d io , 
8-trac play-back, 
M O R E ! 
Si25. 
432 5495 

A-1 
F o u n d a tio n . 
P a tio s , drivew ays, asphalt, backhoe ser­ vice. Lie. 534-166o 
PLUMBING 
A T T N C O N TR A C TO R S : T ra n sit w ith all attachm ents. Cost $4oo. 
Sell $35o 
U S E D I T IM E 
N ew 
Jenn-Air range w ith oven for cus­ tom installation. Cost $6oo, Sell 
$35o. 
N E V E R 
B E E N 
USED 
492 172o 

O irt-Topsoil-Sand-G ravel-Loam . 
Ray Hendrix. D elivered 341-2449 
O ak, W alnut. M e ta l. E x e c u tiv e , 
S ecretary, Student • large selec lion 
$79 SO and up 
Also G ood s e le c tio n of F IL E C A B IN E T S fro m $69.5o. 113) B a s s e R d ., 
733-7367, 734-3o8)__________________ 

S A L E ! All M isc. item s, F ri-S a t- 
Sun, 66oo F a ird a le Apt. No. 193. 
KITCHEN CABINETS 
Loading Topsoil Southside, Hid- den Volley 628-1 )99, 623-5869 
C O N C R E T E , 
P a tio s , w a lk s , drives, addition of w inter prices. 
Free Estim ates. Frank 333-196o 
YARD WORK 
U n iv e rs ity W o m e n 's G A R A G E 
S A L E , Sat, M a y , 7 O N L Y ! 1422 
East Sunshine. 8om-Spm. 
24 HOUR P L U M B IN G S E R V IC E 
S a n d , G r a v e l, T o p s o il, 5 to 7 yards Coll 432 SIO?. 
How About a N ew K itc h e n ’ O r 
Refinish your present one! F re e 
Estim ates. 534-8846 A nytim e! 
C O N C R ETE W O RK , Asphalt and 
Roofing. F ree E stim ates 337-621 ). 
Desk student stainless steel, good condition 927-2766 
T o p s o il, G r a v e l, 
D e liv e r e d 
Spread NW anti N E , 434 n o t. 
A T T N E X E C U T IV E S office re frig e ra to r, 4 co ft 
N e v e r been used 
Cost 
$169.95. 
Sell 
*125 
497 172o 

PUBLIC NOTICE 

Contractors for vacant lot cleaning may call 225- 5661, Extension 392, by 2 OO P.M. May 18, 1977, to be placed on a list now being prepared by the Director of the San Antonio 
Metropolitan Health District. This list will be available to all owners of va cant kits that need cleaning 
G.V. JACKSON, JR. 
City Clerk 
City of San Antonio 

R epair all leakev foucets in your home. $16.5o Complete 
831 FU LTO N 
735 1979, -735-o742 

S p e c ia liz in g in c o n c r e te , d riv e w a y s , p o lio s , s id e w a lk s . 
Day night 
Fre e 
Est. 
735-13o4 
732-7413. 

Stereo System , Sony am p. Pion eer table, Kenwood tope, Utah 12” speakers S6oo 733 9878.__________ 
S tereo, Zenith, with 4 speakers ond tope deck, $225. 735-2958 

D in e tte , 41” round w ood g ro in 
Form ica top, with 17" leaf and 4 tan vinyl chairs. 732-3182_________ 

D IN IN G Room Table ond swivel chairs. Like new SISO 494 1193 

655-4ooo 
TOP SOIL, SAND 
ROAD 
M A T E R IA L 
H A U L 
A N Y T H IN G 

LANDSCAPING 

A M aster P lu m b er Repairs and re m o d e lin g . 
C a ll 
R ic h a r d , 
732-5616 or 435-6669. 

DO YOU N E E D A P A IN T E R ? 
Relioble-Bonded 824-o791 

A utom atic telephone a n sw e rin g system. Cost: 52oo, Sell 5125. New condition 923-2883 
S p e c ia liz in g in 
C o n c r e te , 
D riv ew a ys , patios, w a lk s , foun nations, etc. 
F R E E 
Estim ates. 
681-o874. 

Antiques, Appliances, F u rn itu re 
TO PSO IL, S A N D Y LO AM , SAND 
W IL L D E L IV E R 923-7426 
S troller, C or Seat, Play pun, Hi- 
Chair, excellent cond 732-313o 

Tape p layer, portable, w ith AM - 
F M radio, AC or b attery, *5o. 
735 29$a__________________________ 

T A P P A N Range $1oo. Gas D ry er 
$9o Both Avocado green Rocker ond choir, v ery old, HOO. 337-7241 

D R U M SET. E xcellent condition 
Ideo) for beginner $75. 342 o313 
Baby furniture, accessories and clothes. Lady's clothes size 9-1o, 
13-14 3-tier teacart See of 931 w 
Hmsoche, opt. 9._________________ 

T o p s o il, S a n d y L o a m , S an d . 
G ravel, 
D rivew ay 
M a terial. 
922 8858 
D ry e r, K e n m o re gas, avocado 
SSS Gas range, SI25. 349 o82o 
LAWN CARE 
J D. B A B B IT P L BG 
A ll ty p e repairs-rem odeling. Lie-Bonded, 
Free Est. 344-7382 492-1245 

Estates, Anything of value... from one piece to houseful. Call 
34? 4755 Anytim e_______ Est 
1949 
E arly Am erican Tables by Lane, 
L a r g e C o ffe e ta b le s $35, tw o I q u a re end ta b le s $3o e a tw o ; m atching 3 w ay tam ps $2o ea. 
653-6o47 

Boby G rand piano. French style, fruitw ood ond b u rl finish $145o. 
P a r lo r g ra n d p ia n o , e b o n y rn color, refinished inside $195o, will consider trade for s m aller ptano. 
349-2674. 

Low prices-High Q uality concrete work Call M r. Concrete, 223-5667, 
223-5115. 

Ben H um phrey's Law n Service. A com plete yard c are co. tor oil of 
Son Antonio. 924-o51o. 
______ 
P L U M B E R , R e asonable, In s ta l­ lation, 
F R E E 
Est. 
A. 
G arcia 
227-3oo5.__________________________ 

P lu m b in g R e p a irs re m o d e lin g , additions F ree Est. 434-4489 

FIRE & BBQ WOOD 

Buy, Sell, T ra d e, R epair 
5322 SAN P E D R O 
828- 
P hil's Law n S erv ice . L aw s cut, edged, hedges trim m ed , shaped. 
Gen. Y ard w ork. 532-9519. 

F R E E F IR E W O O D 
Bring your sow. 225-3149 
CARPENTRY 
Elec range, less than iy r . SUS. 
R etrigerotor $65 349-o82o 
CASH for your Used Piano 
224-711 1 or 224-11o2 
2 Barber chairs with m irro rs ond lavatory Catl 534-o139___________ 
F IN E S E A T S W IT H P A D D E D 
B A C K S A N D IN N E R S P R IN G 
SEA TS 
ID E A L FO R C H U R C H , 
SCHOOL, ETC 924 8771. 

Save stack now for w inter beat the high cost fro m I to IOO cord. coll 822-9272 offer 6o m ___________ 

W e A n s w e r y o u r c a ll fa s t! 
S e w e rs , le a k y fo u c e ts , w a le r heaters any type re p a ir or new installation. Texas Plum bing Co., 
Inc. H O & B ro a d w a y . C all a n y ­ time. 826-9582. 

Nice hide-a bed sofa, very sturdy and heavy duty, covered in floral p a tte r n . $22$ o r b e s t o ffe r . 
341-5395 

 i A C a rp e n te r: In N e ed of Jobs from roofing Jo Foundations. No 
Job Too S m a ll! F r e e E s t. A ll 
Work Guaranteed. 927-5o24. 

E n c y c lo p e d ia s , 1976 e d itio n , never used, *37$ or best offer. 
337-8367___________________________ 
2 file cabinets, 2 d ra w e r letter, 26 in P air $45. 696-977o eves. 

A -i M ow ing, E dging, T rim m in g , 
Flow er Beds, F e rtiliz in g , L a n d s ­ caping 
At reasonable prices. 
656-4475. 

D IA M O N D S 
W illiam s, 227-87o2, 15o E.Houston 
LOT CLEARING 
& CLEANING 
B A T T IN G -P IT C H IN G M A C H IN E , a ir compressed, call SA; 622-3862 or 429 32o4 
_____ 
FOUNDATIONS 
TRUCKERS 
G E N E R A L STO RE 
Head goods, smokers accessories ond c u s to m le a th e r g oods. 
W h o le s a le -re ta il. 622 W H ild e - brand, 732-o671, Open 12-9 daily. 
T rundle bed, SSO. Hei colon love seat, floral, 
$6o. 
653-3765 after 
5pm______________ 

A C O M P L E T E H O M E R E P A IR 
S ER VIC E 684-4972 
B E A U T IF U L B E D R O O M S U IT E , 
L a te s t style. M a ttre s s , sp rin g , e xtra After 2pm 924-3)51________ 

C o m m e rc ia l, R e s id e n tia l L o ts cleaning, hauling, trees trim m ed . 
923-131 5. 

A c re a g e , L o ts , Y a r d s , T re e s 
661 2676 Cheap! F re e E st._______ 
TH A T DO ESN T E A T ! 
C A LL J IM LIS TE R 
633 26oo or 633-o34o 

2 FIS H IN G Rods and Reels with m innow bucket. 52o. 736-o352. 
E xecutive, S ecretary, O ccasion­ al. Upholstered, vinyl and genuine leo tn er. All B eau tifu l. O ve r 2oo 
C hairs to choose fro m . P ric e d 
(rom $27 5o and up. 1131 Basse 
Rd . 733-7367, 734-3o81. 

 d id China cobm ets 51oo. couch 
S/5, 18x12 shag carpel $85, chairs 
; S2o S4o 731 8256. 

O utstanding stripped and tlo ro l i couch, subtle colo rs w ith light grey background Cost $8oo, sell 
$2oo; maple tiered end fable SIS; 
E xtra large dog house SIS, sm all riding mower SSO 691-197o_______ 

Oxygen Bottle, m edium size. $25. j 4 9 2 - 2 4 1 4 ___________________ 

1 Paint Sprayer, used infrequently 
1 zH, 5o lb pressure, SISO. 492 172o 
Piano, Cable Nelson console, wal- nuf finish, e x c e lle n t co n d itio n , 
$75o. 344-316o. ___________________ 

P ic n ic T a b le s , 
N e w 6 ’ x lO 71” benches a tta c h e d , n e v e r used, 
$3o.95 delivered. 337 3949 

P IN B A L L , 
B A S E B A LL, 
JU K E B O X 
FOR S ALE 653-4363 
Pool table, $75." Rugs, S35eo Bar- rel type dinette set, 6 chairs, $1oo. 
A tter 3pm 648-oo2)______________ 

Pool table, 4'x8’ V slate, 3 mos old, perfect condition. Cost 51ooo. 
Best ofter over S6oo 927-5535 

Portable Kenm ore dishwasher, 5 cycles, avocado, butchblock too, m aintenance agreem ent thru Sep 
78 658-o39o. 
_________________ 

Queen Ann sideboard, bevel m ir­ ror. 6 oak chairs, kitchen chairs. 
533 74U. 
________________ 

R a n g e , M a g ic C h e f e le c t r ic , j avocado, $1oo. Block v in y l sofa, I e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
HOO 
512 6SJ-52o5 aft 5 3opm 

A ll types c a rp e n try w o rk . Also ro o fin g , p o in tin g , s a tis fa c tio n guaranteed. No Job Too Sm all. 
656-5573 

REM ODELING 
Bulldozing, C le arin g , Root Plow- mg Any Size Job. 333-3/88_______ 
B e a u tifu l E a r ly A m e r ic a n 23' b la c k w h ite c o n s o le T V 
T w o m atching end tables. 733-1o62 

C O M P L E T E Y A R D W O R K 
N S. oreo only 341-o3o5 
FOR SALE: China Cabinet B am ­ boo P attern C ry stal. Colum bian record p lay e r cabinet. Bed side stand 824-136o 

2oYrs. Leveling Exp 
Guaranteed 
W ork 
534 7329 
Student w ants non w o rk in g , Re trig e r o to r s -F r e e z e r s -A ir condi honers. 8 2 8 - 6 5 8 5 . _________ 

S m all tra c to r, custom m ow ing, lots, acreage. 824 3813, 826 765? 
A d d itio n s , P a n e lin g , F o r m ic a cabinet w ork. F re e Est. 736-oooo 
C o m p le te y a r d w o r k , r e m o v e trees. F re e Estim ates. 734-3735. 
A ll 
T y p e s of 
R e m o d e lin g , 
G uaranteed W ork. 
Lie 
349-1663 
R o d n e y . __________ 

Beautiful round antique oak din m g table w ith m a tc h in g buffet- server, $25o. 673-8o12 
P a in tin g o n d r e m o d e lin g 
Specializing in room additions. 2o y e a r s e x p e r ie n c e . 
F r e e es- hmates. 532-3oo2 
_____ 

For Sale; IB M T y p ew rite r, M on­ ro e 
E p ic 
2ooo 
C a lc u la to r , 
Computer- Auto R ecording Tape 
'?■ by 24' O pec P ro te c to r, plus other misc, equipm ent 675-2114. 

I DO Y A R D W O R K , for in fo rm a ­ tion Call M r. Sanchez 432-3124. 
MILDEW REMOVING 
TV , portable black and white 19", working good, 535. 433 o63o. 
TW IN size m attresses, w hile 2oo last!! 58 each Dealers w elcom e. 
633-26oo, 633-o34o, 9159 S. Presa 

Typew riter, IS" S electee. Service c o n tra c t, O ra to r e le m e n t, $375 cosh. No checks. 344-8o33 

All types of foun dation re p a irs . 
We specialize in leveling, ced ar post peer beam ond slab founda- tion Coll the experts. 824 2171 

B A T H R O O M r e p a ir , p a n e lin g , general carpentry 924-3o51______ 
Bedroom sets, S prague C a rlto n 
M a p le D ining Set, H u tch , Soto, 
T a b les , R e fr ig e ra to r , W a s h e r- 
D r y e r , Bunk Beds, T w in B ed, 
C hina c a b in e t. M e d ite r r a n e a n 
Table, 6 chairs. 337-81 13 bedroom set, Queen Anno style bed. vanity, a rm o ire , $25o set. 
349-o82o 

U N L IM IT E D B U Y IN G 
Furniture, Antiques, Appliances 
734 9773 

I.awns, C ut-Trim m ed-V acu um ed. 
Call anytim e, 533-9635. 
Need yards to m ow , reasonable rates. 534-9814 
F re e z e r, W ards IS cu ft. Chest type, 2 Yrs. old S175. 333 1841 
ROOFING 
W A N T E D : 
D A R K 
R O O M 
E Q U IP M E N T Coll 828-4758 
Trees, Lawns, Hedges, Trim m ed and Homed. Reasonable. 532-o74? 
W e Do All Types of Y a rd w o rk . 
T ree T rim m in g or L itc -H a u lm g . 
633-o426, 635-8696. 

W E DO A L L T Y P E S O F Y a rd work and Lite H auling. C all fo r 
R e a s o n a b le p r ic e s 
C a ll A n y * hm e-Anvw here! 922-8661 w i ¥ 5 c u t t i n g , 
Lots or 
Acreage 
T A Andrews 656 o527 
W ill do Y o ra w o rk . R e as o n a b le 
Prices. 648-3o28 

Furniture-A ppliances-Jew elry 
All A p p lic atio n s a p p ro v e d w ith required down paym ent. Call im - penol Furn 222-2227 416 Brady 

W A N T E D ; Used stoves, re f., a ir cond, fu rn itu re , law n m o w e rs , clothes. 333-2939__________________ 

W A N T E D 
W o rk in g o r N o n 
W orking re frig e ra to rs 
435-555o or 673 767o________________________ 

W A NT TO B U Y old gasoline and oil a d v e rtis in g , old sig n s, gas pumps, globes etc. 654-68/9 

C la rk s R o o fin g 
R e m o d e lin g 
Free Estim ates 824-1532_________ 
M USIC-ENTERTAINM ENT 
A I Will Steam Clean or shampoo 
L iv-din, room $22.5o, 9x12 loose rugs $1o JO. 227-1986 225-83o3 
All types foun dation re p a irs . 3o yrs. exp e rien c e All w ork g u a r- anteed Coll Anytim e. 534-411o. 

USED R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO, 
7o7 W EST A V E ., 734-4237 
B E D S -d o u b le or k in g 
S tu rd y bunk beds, w asher, d ry e r, love- seat, sofa $15o Chest of draw ers 
S4o Pedestal table SSO 654-6263. 

Fuzzbuster, police ra d a r detector 
S7S. 923-3671 
HOUSE C A R P E T C L E A N IN G 
Living-Dining or 2 Bedroom s only 
$21.95. Cleaned by steam extra c - tion method. 342-o585 A n y tim e 1 

G ara g e S ale. M ic ro w a v e oven, w oodw orking fools, golf club s, stereo, garden tools, Ig outside grill, furniture, clothes, misc. 1o9 
Lem onw ood, C a stle H ills , F r i. 
6th; Sat. 7th, 8-6. Cash.___________ 

G ard e n tille r , rugs, s in k , la v a ­ tory, M O R E ! 63o A d ria n _________ 

G A R D E N T R A C T O R , 12hp Cub 
C adet, 4 ft m o w er, c u ltiv a to r, w heel w eig h ts, good co n d itio n . 
$995. 492-2273. 

V e n e tia n b lin d s , SI oo up 
Re d in e r, $32 SO. Baby bed, $45, Por table TV , 532.5o. Old oak rocker, 
$4o. End tables ond coffee table, 
$3o set. I room a ir p u rifie r, *27. 
Utility table $3. 
I clock, $2.5o. 
828-4995 

Beds! full SOO tw in S45ea bunk 
$95 chest of draw ers $35 349-o82o 
All Types of Foundation repairs, lo w prices, H igh Q u ality w o rk. 
Call Anytim e 
ABC CONST ____________ 333-4816 

U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
924-1o58 or 226-8246 
W ant Trunk Lid or Parts for 
67 
R am bler 6 cyt 4 dr 22»4oSo 
Bicycle, 
Raleigh 
3 speed, 
SSO. 
733-9878. 
We buy Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques G lassw are etc 
Bicycles, men s IO speed, lady s 3 speed. 633-o585. 
SEWING-ALTERATIONS 
-TAILORING 
THE IR IS H M A N L E V E L IN G 
3o YEA R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note N ever Take the first p rice! 
333-9o51 or 
734 751 1 

CERAMICS & 
CERAMIC TILE 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
Venture cam ping tra ile r, sleeps 6, boys, 2o bike, bogy bed, 661-3695 
Block white TV $5o. Com ponent stereo, 535. Couch, $35. 349-o82o 
Title w ork 
Coll att 6pm 657-o476 
W A N T E D : T ru m p e t (K IN G or equivalent) in good condition. 
681-o935____________________ _ 
W ant To Buy; 12x1o red or green carpet 
Also 4-6 dinette choirs. 
435-8889 

Wrecker Service 
D re s s m a k in g a n d a lte r a tio n s done Reasonably. 533-7537 
T IL E YOUR W ALLS O v e r the tub w ith c eram ic hie. S', la b o r and m o te ria l-$ l8 9 5o Also p lu m b in g - b r ic k w ork. 734-54)2, 924-751 1 

Blonde, Hevwood W akefield Dou­ ble D re s s e r ond M i r r o r 5125, 
B lo n d e M a p le C h e s t D r e s s e r , 
Night Stand St35, Keno IO speed 
Bike $4o, Tundlc Bed $35 492-2472. 
B O O KS: T im e , L ife , H e a d e r ’s 
Digest, and Newsweek. 228-o618 

HAULING & MOVING 
Buy O ld C a rs and W R E C K E R 
S E R V IC E , call R ichard, 337 657o. 

W E 
B U Y 
J U N K -W R E C K E D 
CAR ', 
___________ 
923-4411 

PAINTING, PAPERING 
PLASTERING 
GE R efrigerator side by side, 24 
CU. ft. $25o; A dm iral 14 CU ft. SISO. 
828-9)71 after 6, ond weekends. 
Gold Clubs, m a tch ed set irons, woods, 2 bags. W ill sell separate- 
IV . 349-3221. 
________________ _ 

G olf Clubs O m ega W oods 1,1,5, 
$45. No. 2 iron $1o. 2 P utters, 2 
Chippers $6 ea. 2 ond 4 woods. $15 ea. 732 1958. 

Hauling and m oving with pickup truck, 673-5669 
653-3714 anytim e, 655-4634 ewes. 
JO H N & R O W LA N D B A R N E S 
_______ - _____ 
1 
Licensed and Bonded Buyers w a s tie r and d r y e r , a p a r tm e n t / 
—— 
— 
— s u e W h irlp o o l, H a r v e s t G o ld , ! 
We Buy R efrigerators 
I tov, 6 mos. Old, 349-47o3 
734-4237, 7o7 West Ave 

W A S H E R -D R Y E R , 1976 Kenm ore 
_ 
WE PAY CASH green $3oo 623-1114 
J 
Fo r Goad Used F u rn itu re 

W A SH ER D R Y E R , Sears w hite, 
FA IIklP rTT 
F IIP fU IT IIR F 
$15o po.r, good cond 492 272o 
I K H U U I 
1(1111111 UHL 
Westinghouse d ry e r, like new, 2 j 416 P ol<»r o»°_____________ cassette tape decks, I re el Cos- ta i m mm a x 
. sj£L,&yas&,,">’ c,""“ We Pay Mope Cash 

W h ir lp o o l R e f r ig e r a t o r w ith 
For That Good Piano rebuilt m otor. $75 653-67o2, if no 
T h a t you a re not using. P lease answ er 655-5675. 
; coli M r, Leon at ??i-6isi 

SEWING MACHINE 
R E PAI RS-SEk VICE' 
H A U L IN G A N D D U M P IN G 
Hove 21 zTon Trucks. 533-1142 
BABYSITTING 
CHILDCARE 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E P A IN T IN G 
R E P A IR S E R V IC E . 684-49/2 
LIG H T H A U L IN G AN D M O V IN G 
I piece or house full 
Day or Nite 
APT M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
656-57o5 

E xpert Sewing M achine 
Free In-Shop Estim ates 
3523 West Ave., 344 9671 

BUNK Beds, very heavy 4" ends, 
SISO. Double bed 575. Sofa, love s eat, round v e lv e t c h a irs SSO. each, m te stands, bedroom set, m ore 656-8134 

G E R H A R D TS 5*3-7149 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
P a in tin g -P a p e rin g , S h e e tro c k , 
W indow G lass, R e p a irs , Budget 
Term s. 1612 S. H a ck b e rry. ______ 

Babysitting m m y home, 3 mos to 
Syrs. 533 2365 
_____ 
^ Great clinic r{\:an 
^Bargain 
W ANT ADS! 

B U N N O M A T I C Coffee M a k e r , 
I to volt, excellent condition, st 95 
657 2749. 

Good, portable Smith Corona JIO a u to m a tic e le c tric ty p e w r ite r . 
$2oo. 822-3629 
POOL 
SWIMMING 
PAINTING 
4 burner gas stove 
927 3782 
G reat Variety of Good Furniture, 
329 Brees Port Out Son P edro to 
N Loop Rd Left to N akom a Left 
I on Valliant Sat tO-6 pm And Sun i-6om or By Appoint. 824-6976. 

Pool c le a n in g , d a ily or w e e k ly serv .ee. F re e est. 656-o248________ 
A G a rc ia P a in tin g C o n tra c to r 
F ree Est. Int-E xt. 734 7846. 
N eed B a b y sitter for 3 c h ild re n afte r school and J evem ngs Need transportation, 826-6953 att Sam 

ON A WANT AO 
THC NUM Blk TO C A II 
IS 225 -1 66 6 
(XPBfSS ANO NtW S 

2 C a m e ra s , 
F R O T O N , fro m 
California. 
Good condition. 
927-2766 
Swim m ing pool chem icals 
Low prices 656-o248 
Al s B e a u tify in g ; p a in tin g w ith exo.-pride. F ree Est. 826-4576. call M r, Leon at 223 61 Si aas-1666 
QUICK RtSULTSI 

 m n c o tm m c tA u 
CANCiUAftU 
WITHOUT 
Mimm 

6 CAYS 
MERCHANDISE MART ADS 

Warriors, 

Thud 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

BUENOS AIRES, Argen­ tina — Guillermo Vilas, 
Argentina’s No. I tennis player, beat A m erica’s 
Dick Stockton Sunday and gave his country its first victory over the United 
States in Davis Cup history. 

The 24 year-old Vilas downed 
Stockton, a 26-year-old from 
D allas, 5-7, 6-2, 6-2, 6-2 in a 

DICK STOCKTON 
. . . defeated 

DOWNTOWN: 9.-3o TO 5:3o M O N DAY THRU SATURDAY 
SUBURBAN: 9:3o TO 6:oo M O N DAY THRU SATURDAY 

Woven for Airy Comfort 

[PARKING BEHIND DOW NTOW N STORe/a LL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONOREE 

I 
Nan Antonio 
Express 

J 

H 
M on d a y M a y 2 19 77 
SPORTS 
Celtics, Bullets out 

 pincus 
■ compflnv 
HOUSTON ST. AT BROADWAY 
4 i i i M cC u l l o u g h 

B 
Robinson 

Louie back home in Pewee Valley 

Beginning the first Monday in 
May by making the desk only semi-messy before rushing out to Canyon Creek to tee off in the annual Santa Rosa Wide Open golf tourney... tree stars 
7< Sers vs. Rockets 
Newlin hot 

Enjoy the coolness only this leather shoe can give. 
The weave lets the breezes through, and the price is easy too. Have a casual summer in White or Tan. 
ALSO NAVY. 

Veteran Spur guard Louie Dampier and family have already returned home to spend the summer in — and this ain ’t a joke — Pewee Valley, 
Kentucky. Sounds like Monte Towe should live there? huh? Louie plans to spend much of his time playing soft­ ball... Los Angeles Rams have raised ticket prices to $12 and $1o. Why? Well, somebody has to pay for those stud free agents... the MVP in SWC baseball this season? From here, the landslide winner is Baylor’s Steve 
Macko, who ranks among the Top 6 in all six hitting categories, besides being 
No. 2 in the league in runs score. 
Macko is the SWC leader in hitting 
(.435), hits (37) and triples (5), and he’s No. 5 in homers (4), No. 6 in RBIs 
(19) and No. 6 in doubles (6) — which is why 
Baylor will be among the four teams in the first SWC playoff tour­ ney... 

Form er Alamo Heights thinclad 
Lane Mitchell is the No. 2 miler (4:o8) for A&M, but he is the Aggies’ best three-miler (13:51). Former Jay ace 
Ron M cGonigie is a m e m b er of 
A&M’s mile relay unit and is the No. 2. quartermiler (49.8)... brothers Duane 
<38-o) and Rodney (37-7) Bobick have nine brothers and a sister. They hail from Bowlus, Minn., population 265 
(Heee Haw!)... back to Baylor base­ ball. Another star for the Bears is 
Bori Coker, who has an 8-4 record and 
2.21 ERA as a pitcher. When not hurling, he plays center field and is batting .351. And. he has a 3.6 grade point average in the classroom... total purse money on the PGA tour this year is $9,688,977. The tour makes 45 stops in ‘77... the overwhelming vote of fans calling this department is that 
Gilbert Salinas should attend a Texas school but, then, they ain’t Gilbert... 

Moving right along 

If you are still holding Spur playoff thickets, you have three options. Return them by June 15 and the Spurs will refund your money. Or, apply the amount to season tickets for next sea­ son. Or, finally, keep them as souven­ irs — maybe to go along with your old 
Wing tickets... Ram Coach Chuck 
Knox, who acquired the rights to form er Philly tight end Charles 
Young for this season, is toying with idea of p u tting Young at wide r e ­ ceiver... Rams, by the way, could be the most successful team in tomorrow’s NFL draft. They have nine picks in the firet five rounds, and 
16 in the overall 
12 rounds... meanwhile, back on the PGA trail. 
Jack Nickiaus might be in line for another title in the 59th RGA Cham­ pionship, since this is 1977, an “ odd” year. Nieklaus will be trying for his 
FIFTH PCA title. He won in ’63, ’71, 
’73 and ’75. He’s won the Masters FIVE times. And he’s captured the W'orld 
Series of Golf FIVE times. Come to think of it, he has FIVE children... 

If you’re intersted in putting Junior in the Spurs Basketball Camp this summer, call 224-4611 for all the info. 
Some youngsters from other countries and states have enrolled for the six cam p sessions. 
Chris H essler of 
Geneva, Switzerland, Tim Green of 
Mexico City, William Herring of 
Tucson, Arizona, and at least two kids from New York are some of the out- of-staters to enroll... form er S.A. schoolboy Manuel Garcia lettered last season on the 
Columbia 
U. lightweight football team. Two more former S.A. schoolboys, Don Spencer and Thomas Young, were varsity lettermen in swimming at Columbia... and Milwaukee Buck forward Junior 
Bridgeman is studying law this sum­ mer at Wisconsin... 

Barry rolls 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
OAKLAND - Golden State’s 
Rick Barry and Jamaal Wilkes combined for 47 points and out- dueled Los Angeles’ Kareem 
Abdul-Jabbar Sunday, leading the Warriors to a 115-1o6 victory over the Lakers and evening their 
National 
Basketball 
Association quarter-final playoff series at three games apiece. 

Barry had 27 points and Wilkes ad­ ded 2o to overcome a 43-point perfor­ mance by Abdul-Jabbar, who played most of the final quarter with five fouls and scored only four points in the perio d .It was the fourth tim e this series A bdul-Jabbar had scored 4o points or more. 
The Golden State victory set up a seventh game Wednesday night in Los 
Angeles to decide who faces the winner of the Portland-Denver series. 
The W arriors ran off 15 straigh t points early in the game and opened up a 2o-point lead in the first half. The 

W ARRIORS’ PHIL SMITH scrambles for loose ball during Sunday’s game against Lakers 

AP WIREPHOTO 

And finally... 

Former Spur center Swen Nater, now with the Bucks, is back home in 
California getting ready for a Big 
Man’s basketball camp, and to play in the pro summer league. One of Swcn’s favorite hobbies now is photography... 
Robert Smith, who led major college basketball in free throw percentage 
(.925) shooting for Las Vegas this season, was a high school teammate of lICLA’s Marques Johnson... leader in college basketball in team field goal percentage was Arkansas (.545), with 
West Texas State (.542) third and 
Houston (.517) fifteenth... Arkansas was also second in the nation in won- lost percentage (26-2, .929) and fourth in defense (6o.8)... form er Wing player Rick Cash is now a deputy sheriff in the Boston area... 

- Another former Wing, linebacker 
Lonnie Warwick, enjoying himself at home in Merryville, Tenn. He’s doing lots of fishing and running his roofing business... says former Aggie and 
Wing linebacker Billy Hobbs: “ I’m just sick the Spurs couldn’t beat the 
Celtics. The Spurs worked hard and scraped all year to make the playoffs while the Celtics coasted along without 
Cowens and Scott most of the year. 
Heck, when the playoffs started, the 
Celtics were fresh and just starting to peak” ... says wise ol’ coach, “ I’d give my right arm to be ambidextrous!” ... and, finally, Joe Namath believes you should not drink and drive — because you might spill some... 

Lakers, Blazers lose 

EL PASO - 
The Texas 
League West’s top team, the El 
Paso Diablos, outscored the San 
Antonio Dodgers, 17-12, Sunday in a slugfest that showed a combined total of 4o hits. 

It was the Diablos’ sixth straight w in over the Dodgers in the young 1977 season and it boosted El Paso’s record to 12-2. The Dodgers, still in the cellar of the Texas League West, saw their record fall to 4-1o. 
El Paso connected on 23 hits in the m arathon gam e, which lasted two hours and 57 minutes, while San An­ tonio had 17. 
The Diablos jumped on starter Mar­ ty Funkier, now o-2, in a hurry, sting­ ing him for five hits and six runs (five 

Littler wins 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

HOUSTON (AP) - Gene Lit­ tler, playing wih the methodical precision that earned hin the nickname 
“ The 
M achine,’’ stamped out a conservative 74 and scored the 29th victory of his once-threatened career by a solid three strokes Sunday in the 
Houston Open Golf Tournament. 

The wan, slightly-built Littler was 

 never challenged over the last 18 holes. 
He led by a margin that ranged from four to seven strokes — until taking meaningless bogeys on two of the last three holes — and made it look easy. 
He had a 276 total, 12 strokes below par 

 on the Woodlands Country Club course that was still wet and heavy from overnight rains. 
Littler, who conquered cancer and returned to winning golf despite an operation that caased irre p a ra b le 

 dam age to m uscles und er his left shoulder, established a five-stroke lead at the end of three rounds. He played it cozy and conservative over the last 18 holes and simply let the others try to catch him. 3 

No one really came close under the gray, gloomy skies. 

For Littler, it was a laugher all the way as he acquired his first title since 
1975. For the rest of the field, it was a fight for second place, a strug gle eventually won by Lanny Wadkins, who closed with a 7o—279. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

LANDOVER, Md. - Mike 
Newlin scored 15 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter Sunday to lead the Houston Rockets over the Washington Bullets 1o8-1o3 and into the National Basket­ ball 
Association 
Playoff semifinals. 

The Rockets now take on Philadel­ phia for the 
Eastern 
Conference championship. 
Newlin made five of six field goal tries and all five from the free throw line in the fourth quarter to bring the 
Rockets to a eome-from-behind victory and a 4-2 triumph in their best-of-seven quarter-final series. rile Rockets also received important help in the fourth quarter from Rudy 
Tomjanovieh, who sank four jumpers. 
Tomjanovich finished with 26 points, the leading scorer in the game. 
The Bullets, who held leads of 12 points in the second quarter and lh points in the third, went into the final 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
DENVER — Center Dan Issei scored nine points in overtime and David Thompson had 31 points overall, leading the 
Denver Nuggets to a 114-1o5 victory over Portland Sunday that kept alive the Nuggets’ Na­ tional Basketball Association playoff hopes. 

The Trail Blazers lead the best-of- seven quarter-final series 3-2, with the next game scheduled Monday night in 
Portland. 
A seventh game, if needed, would be played Wednesday night in Denver. 
Portland, plagued by poor free-throw shooting and with four of its starters in foul trouble during most of the second half, battled back from a 12-point de­ ficit late in the third quarter. 
Key b ask ets by re se rv e s Wally 
W alker, Herm Gilliam and Johnny 
Davis helped lift the Blazers within two points with six minutes remaining. 
Guard Lionel Hollins hit four clutch 

Dodgers lose 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Denver alive 

Issei tough 

PHILADELPHIA - Lloyd 
Free’s 27 points triggered the 
Philadelphia 76ers to an 83-77 victory over Boston Sunday and elim inated the defending champion Celtics from the Na­ tional Basketball Association playoffs. 

It was only the second time in 13 appearances in a seventh game of a playoff series that the Celtics have been beaten. The 76ers go on to meet the Houston Rockets, who defeated the 
Washington Bullets to enter the Eas­ tern Conference finals. 
Free scored six of his points in the final two minutes, 42 seconds of the third period when the 76ers outscored 
Boston 1o-2 and broke open what had been hectic defensive struggle. 
Boston’s John Havlicek created the game’s 12th tie at 61-61 with 2:42 left in the third period. But Darryl Dawkins collected three free throws and the 
6-foot-3 Free sank a short jumper, a 

HENRY BIBBY of 76ers drives around Boston’s*Jo Jo W hite (IO) and Dave Cowens to score in Sunday’s game a p w ir e p h o t o 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 
Argentina shocks U.S. 

Continued from Page ID 
3-hour, 2o-minute mutch before 
7,ooo cheering fans, including 
* the A rgentine m ilita ry presi- 
' dent, Gen. Jorge Videla. 
Argentina had won Friday s two singles but the Americans had taken the doubles Saturday. 
In the final match, ESrian Gott­ fried downed Ricardo Cano 7-5, 
7-5, o-o, but it was little consola­ tion to the disappointed Am eri­ 

 cans 
The victory advanced Argen­ tina to the Davis Cup semifinals against Australia. The winner of that series plays against the 
European champion for the world title. 
This was only the third time that Argentina had gained the quarter-finals against the United 
States. Twice before, in 1931 and 
1958, the United States had bea­ 

 ten Argentina 5-o, both times outside of Argentina. 
Thousands of fans w aving white-and-blue Argentine flags swarmed the red clay court in 
Buenos Aires after the match and carried Vilas out on their shoulders. 
The fans took Vilas to the hon­ or stand where President Videla was sitting with his wife. The president stood up, applauded 

 and waved at Vilas, while the fans chanted: “ See, See, See, 
Mr. President. Now we are the champions of the Americas.” 
It was a grueling match high­ lighted by the boisterous crowd which shouted V ilas’ name in cadence, beat drums and blew horns to cheer on their star. 
The match was played under cloudy skies w ith an average temperature of 55 degrees. 
I BUY AN UNKNOWN 

COAST TO COAST 
As You Travel, Remember, 
We're Mover Far From 
Where Yea Are . . . Thousands of Firestone Dealers & Stores 
To Back Up What We Say! 

S U P E R b u y .' 

 p 

F i r e s t o n e deluxe champion a i PRYE STIR KUM). 
ANY^ B 
SIZE 

T ir« s r o n « 
We aisO honor: 
• g*n&Am*ricir< 
• Dinars Civ*) 
• M ill* CkJtjt 
• Cirl* Hindu 
• Ammu* tigress 

Your Choice 
Of IO Sizes 

A78-13 
B78-13 
C JS-14 
G 7 8 -U 
E78-14 

F78-14 
D78-14 
H 78-14 
G78-15 
M78-15 

(A Size 5 Rib Design) 

Blackwall 
Pi ut $1.74 

 to $ 2 .8 o F L T . 

A O W T ire 
WHITEWALLS ADD *3KS 

FEEL* BELTED 
■RADIAL V-II 
-V 
WHITEWALLS 

$•** E t *o-14 ;» • * or m s r n 
I 

DOUBLE-BELTED f ir e s t o n e Strato-Streak 

☆ Two rugged fib arg la s* bafta. 
☆ Strong polyester cord body 

 reduce tread squirm . gives a smooth ride. 

Choice of 878-13 or C78-13 

Plus $ 2 .6 7 F.E.T. & Old Tire 

FR7o-14 $ 
'Fits FR78-14 or I9SR-14) 51 
$2.86 F.E.T. 

887o-14 $ 
| (Fits GR78 14 or 2o5844) J3 oo F.E.T. 
53 
HH7o-14 
$ 
S 

 fFits M87B 14 
_ or 2158-14) 
53 29 F.E.T. 
57 

Plus $1.8o to $2.o1 F.E.T. A Old Tire 

GR7o-15 
(Fits GR78 IS or 2o58-15) 
$58 
$3.o5 F.E.T. 

HH7o-15 
(Fits HR78-15 or 21 SR IS) 

$ 6 1 
$3.27 F.E.T. 

JR7o-15 
(Fits 1R78-15 or 225R-15) 
$62 

LR7o-15 
(Fits IR78-15 or 23oR-15) 
*64 
$3.6o F.E.T. 

/ 
/ 
- 
. 
' J 

ST O C K S LIMITED . . . 
W H IT EW A LLS A D D $3 

SIZE 
BLACKWALL 
F.E.T. 

C78-14 
$25 
$2.o1 
E78-14 
26 
2.26 
F78-14 
29 
2.42 
G78-14 
3o 
2.58 
H78-14 
32 
2.8o 
G78-15 
31 
2.65 
H78-15 
33 
288 

AVAILABLE IN WHITEWALL ONLY 

F78-15 
$32 
$2.52 
J78-15 
38 
3.o3 
L78-15 
39 
3.12 

T,restone SUPER SPORTS 
S E R IE S HIGH PE R FO R M A N C E TIR ES 
W ITH R A ISE D W H ITE LE TTE R S 
7o SERIES 
_ 
6o 
EXON. 
F.E.T. 

$33 

39 

39 

39 

39 

41 

45 

SIZE 

$1.96 I 
A6o-13 
$37 
$21o 
2 36 I o6o-13 

2.31 
2,44 
1 
F6o-14 

2 58 
GSO-14 

2.74 

All P rie n P in F.E.T. 
4 OM Jilt____ 

E6o-14 

H6o-14 

2.68 
L6o-14 

2 85 
F6o-15 

3 oo 
66o-15 

H6o-15 
.16o:15, 

39 
41 

43 
44 

49 

5o 

44 

46 

5o 
-5L 

F.E.T. 

2 44 
264 

2.78 
2.94 

3 o2 

3.47 

2.85 

3.o2 

3.2o 
3JO 

All prices plus F.E.T. A OW Tire 

T i r e a t o n e 
CHAMPION 
CHOICE OF 2 SIZES... 
6 oo 13 
6 5o-13 

 a 

SUrkvuH PVo SI 47or SI 72 
F I T t O tO TIRt 

WHITEWALLS ADD $4 

FOR IMPORTS AND COMPACTS 

Fits Volkswagen • Toyota • Datsun • Mazda 

Vega • Colt • Maverick • Gremlin • Fiat 

Audi * Honda • Plus Others 
| r i r e * f o n e M I N I - S P O R T ® 

 f —u n 
* DE 
DI Ti 
ANY SIZE 
The Premium Bias Ply Tire 
■ gjm*$ 4 
Blackwall 
Phi* *1.34 to *1.77 
WLT. 6 OW Tire 
WHI TF WALLS 
AUO 3.oo 

‘ No Industrv Standard Exists. Premium in our Designation. 

ANY S in LISTED ONI LOW PRK! 
SIZE 
5 6o 12 
B OO »2 
5 2o- 13 
56o-13 
6 oo- 13 

 kits 
155-1? 
165- 12 
145 13 
155-13 
165- 13 

SIZE 
6 OO-ISL 
5 6o-1* 
6 *5- i* 
5 6o-15 
6 15/1‘ 

FITS 
165 15 
155-’ * 
165-1« 
155-15 
SS-13 

Time For New Tires 
BUY NOW 
9o DAYS 
SAME AS CASH on Firestone 
REVOLVING CHARGE,! 

3 o -6 o -9 o 
. 
, DAY PAYMENTS f. 

FINANCE CHARGE 
V 
REFUNDED ON REQUEST 

PICKUP, WAN aud BV TIRES 

F ^ * * * » ^ U 
N 
* P 
O g T - 

TUBE-TYPE 

 tee *.79-IS : 
PX# *2 41 Fed* 
El. TaaHkMBB 
■Udk. Iiihe-tjtpe 
HRr re*inc 

TU BELESS 

WITH THIS COUPON 
* 
5 YEAR/ 5o,ooo MILE ALIGNMENT I 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
| 
951 

_ 
Far 11 or More 
I 
Alif indent* 

MINIMUM Of S N VAtUF, IF PIKED SEPARATELY 
B a !k W h 11 » mw* haiti tn t atqnmtnh (#ny Amnicon ceti 
9 rn Chart sod aRtnt a si tv-mf Sari* a (hart * m« 
I tnt* t ta* rn a (hark I arte*t ham 
_ voaai Merrtu 
V JFJ«i <* ^ row 
" wmr«*| 
£ m m * c o u p o n e x p ir e s m a y a i 

 j i l l f i r 
* * * © n m 

H p L C T S R E T R I A D 
J A A 
| W 
5 9 B 
— T 
1 

# m 
W 
I ■ 
9 
I a 
B 
LACK WALL IN STOCK 

Plus 34‘ to 55‘ per Tire Fed 
Tax Exp. & Recappable Tire 
Add 12 if not Recappable 
Whitewalls Add $1.5o 

6 OO 16 * 2 6 .3 o 6 5o 16 *43.37 
6 5o-16 2 9 .6 4 
7.oo 14 33.79 
7 oo-15 3 3 .7 o 6.7o-15 34.43 
7 oo-16 3 4 .8 6 
7.oo-15 38.66 
7 5 o -1 6 3 8 .6 6 

AH prices plus $2.32 to $3.44 F.E.T. exchange, 
Black. 6-pfy rating. 

F i r e s t o n e 
MAINTENANCE-FREE 
FOREVER 
BATTERY 

 ll You Dor t inland 
To heap You* Car Forayer 
FIRESTONE 
EXTRA LIFE 34 
BATTERY 
LUCH 

M ONRO-M ATIC Heavy Duty 
SHOCK ABSORBERS o n ly 

, 8 8 

FRONT DISC 8 ROTOR SERVICE BRAKE OVERHAUL 

 k k 
- - — 
, - M 
“ • " i 
\v*IIP *1o. 
N A T IO N W ID E L IM IT E D W A R R A N T Y 
I 
' M -.r. i. Malic-, will ld-,c in nm mal us*- as long a s you ->wnj af your car. or t lr*-st one will rrpiace thani on pnwjt or 

Replace front Disc pads 
Machine both Front Rotors 
5466 

I Install linings and rebuild 
J cylinders on all 4 wheels 
■ arc linings, turn drums 
I install NEW return springs. 
I new front grease seals. 
I repack front bearings and inspect 
J system 

LL 
_ 

:J 
OPEh 
ACCC 

Prices 

I A N 
KIN T 

 shown in this ad avaiiab! 

WE ALSO 
o BankAmericard ® I 
HO NO R: 
• American Express 

Ie at Firestone Stores. Competitively priced where 

. 
Waster Charge • Diners Club 

• Carte Blanche 

 iver you see the Firestone sign. 

DOWNTOWN 
JOI N Awm* 
226-o251 

OLMOS 
4J11 tm Ut,. 
732-8171 

I 
ALL STORES OPEN TILL 6 P.M. 
ALAMC HEIGHTS 
*IoC Broadway 
8 2 4 -7 5 4 7 

MARBACH 
SHOPPING CTR. 
7414 $ W Military Or. 
6 7 3 -3 5 6 5 

WONDERLAND too U H Id 
7 3 6 -1 5 7 2 

SOUTHSIDl 
KIS HumimM *i 
S.W. Military 924-7141 

DOWNTOWN 
*15 ll mat 
226-o211 

NOKTHSIDC mi tm r**t* 
3 4 4 -9 7 6 6 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
IJH bai.4 .1 Cw,k 
5 3 2 -5 4 4 6 

SOUTHEAST tx W W vim* 
6 6 1-41 64 

WOODLAWN 
IE32 f'edemfcsbuff 
7 3 6 -1 7 8 3 

WESTSIDE 
UIS Yt. (»mi»*rt» % 
2 2 6 -2 4 1 4 
...... 

I h o n va a i r 

I 
6 o 4 -5 o 3 3 

CROSSROADS 
Yr C*—nm altrn 
M cM ullen 4 3 4 -9 3 1 3 

Z A N I THUMAN 
FIRESTONE 
1145 WMW IO 
655-8411 

ZANE TRUMAN 
FIRESTONE 
MOZ Wtti *n. * i*etii 
3 4 2 -9 4 7 6_ 

SHOP FIRESTONE f. 
FOR SYLVANIA-SPEED 
QUfEN-HOTPOINT 
|| 

 n 

 a 

D enver 
Cesti tined from Page ID baskets down the stretch for Portland, the final one coming zith 28 seconds rem aining to send the contest into overtime. 
Hollins missed an 18-footer at the buzzer ending regulation time that could have won the series for Portland. 
The Nuggets, seemingly stunned by the Blazers’ comeback, exploded for three quick baskets at the outset of the overtim e session, 
PORTLAND (1o51: Lucas 9 o-o 18, Gross 6 1-1 13, 
Walton 6 3-5 15, Tw ordzik 3 14 7, Hollins 9 1-6 19, 
G illiam 3 o-o 6, P. Jones o O O o, W alker 3 2 5 8, Neal I 
O O 2, Steele 2 S-6 9. Davis 3 2 2 8. Totals 45 IS 29 1o5. 
DENVER (114): 8. Jones 4 OO 8, Thompson l l 
9 12 31, Issei 8 7-11 23, P rice 5 3-4 13, Calvin 5 1-2 l l , 
McClain 2 O O 4, Silas o o-o o, Wise 5 4 5 14, Webster 4 
2-2 IO. Beck o o-o o. Totals 44 26-36 114. 
Portland 
2o 28 29 24 4—1o5 
D e n v e r 
27 27 29 18 1 3 -1 1 4 
Fouled out—Gross, Walton. Total Fouls—Portland 
3o, Denver 26. Technical—Thompson. A—17,517. 
Warriors 

Continued from Page ID 

Lakers cut it to 62-52 at the half and two hook shots by Abdul-Jabbar and a pair of field goals by Lucius Allen left the W arriors with a four-point lead early in the third period. 
But Barry and Wilkes each scored four baskets in the next six minutes to offset five by Abdul-Jabbar and Golden 
State ehded the period leading 88-8o. 
Abdul-Jabbar picked up his fifth personal foul with 11:19 remaining in the game. The W arriors outscored the 
Lakers 9-2 to take a 97-82 lead and were never threatened after that. 

LOS ANGELES (1o6): Ford 3 2 3 8, Russell 5 4-4 
14, Abdal Jabbar 17 9-1 1 43, Allen 5 2-2 12. Chancy 5 
o-o IO Abernethy o o-o o, Tatum 7 O O 14, Rupee 2 1-2 
5. Totals 44 18-22 1o6. 
GOLDEN STATE (115): B a rry IO 7 7 27, Wilkes IO 
O O 2o, Ray I o-2 2, Smith 5 3-3 13, W illiams 4 2-3 IO, 
Johnson 8 O O 16, Dudley 3 O O 6, Parish 6 1-2 13, 
Porker I o-o 2, M cNeill 3 O O 6. Totals 51 13-17 115. 
Los Angeles 
22 3o 28 26— 1o6 
Golden State 
34 28 26 27— US 
Total fouls—Los Angeles 18, Golden State 25. 
Technical—Los Angeles Coach West. A—13,155. 
Handball 

BUCCANEER DAYS TOURNEY 
At Corpus Christi 
Open singles sem ifinals — 
Richard C rom er, 
S A. def. Tom m y W o rre ll. S.A .; Tom P a tric k , 
G alveston del. K e lly G reen, Austin. F in als — 
Cram er def. P atrick 21-o. 13-21, 112. 
Open doubles finals — J e rry Hankins and Steve 
Bell def. H arry Turner and Jim Sellers. 
B singles finals — 
Edmond, Dallas def. W alls, 
Houston 21-18, 17-21. IM O . 
Baseball 

NORTHW EST LEAGUE 
$W DODGERS 8, BROWN BUGS I 
Brown Bugs 
IOO OOO ooo—1 
5 8 2 
SW Dodgers 
3o1 o13 OOx—8 
IO 
I 
S e n de rs a nd 
V illa n u e v a 
C a ld w e ll o nd 
D uckw orth. W — C aldw ell (2-o). L — Sanders 
(o-1). HRS — Dodgers. Duckworth (2), one on, firs t. 
Highlights: 
D uckworth had a single in addition to his homer and drove in three runs and John 
Madsen added two hits and an RBL Chico Flores contributed two hits to the Dodger cause. Sandy 
Sanders had three hits for the Bugs. 

RANDOLPH 14, SOTO’S CAFE 8 
Randolph 
OOO 232 412-14 
16 
6 
Gillespie, Hottle (5) and Land. Vlllela, Diaz (6), 
Stolz (9) and Stolz, Diaz <9). 
Highlights: 
M arty M artinez had two hits and drove in a run for Randolph while Gary Hottle was 
3-for-3. and Bruce B arnard 3-for-5. 
SPANISH AM ER IC AN LEAGUE 
ALAM O ENTERPRISES 7, LIT T LE RED BARN 
2 
Enterprises 
OOO IOO 4o2 — 7 
12 
I 
Red Barn 
OOI OOO o1o-2 7 
2 
D ullnig ond Van Baron. Gonzales, Hamilton (7) and Theis. W — Dullnig. m L — Gonzales. HRS — 
Alam o Enterprises. Isbel, solo, seventh. 
Highlights: Pat P ruski had three hits and three runs batted in for Alam o. Git Gonzales had tw o singles for Little Red Born. 

ROGER'S ICE 5, B IL B R E Y LUMBER 5 (T IE ) 
Roger's 
OOO 31o o1o-5 6 
4 
B ilbrey 
o3o OOO 1o1-5 7 
2 
Em bree, W illiam s (2) and Vivian. Bazaldua, 
Ransom (6) and Julian Garza. HRS — Roger's, 
Lomas, two on, fourth. 
H ig h lig h ts: 
Joseph G arza had two hits for 
R oger’s and Julian G arza had two tor Bilbrev. 
Game suspended because of darkness. 
Rain halts 
Snakes 

The St. M ary’s-Texas 
Lutheran baseball doub­ leheader was postponed by wet grounds for the second day in a row Sun­ day. 
The twin bill, slated for 
Fairgrounds Park in Se­ guin, has not been res­ cheduled, but will prob­ ably be played Friday or 
Saturday if it has a bear­ ing on the Big State Con­ ference race. 
Two of four remaining games, which had earlier been postponed, have been rescheduled ac­ cording to St. M a ry ’s coach Elmer Kosub. 
The Snakes w ill play 
St. Edward’s at 3 p.m. 
Monday in Austin and 
Southwestern at 5 p.m. 
Wednesday at V.J. Keefe 
Field although they may be shorthanded because of fin al exam s \*[hich start Monday. 
If St. M ary’s wins both games they can clinch their second straight BSC title. 
Harris bass champ 

SAM H A Y B U R N R E ­ 
SERVOIR (A P ) - Joe 
H a rris of L u fkin re claimed the individual championship Sunday in the 1977 state bass tour­ nam ent at Lake Sam 
Rayburn, his third title in four years. 
Catching the lim it both days of the tournament, 
Harris finished with 39 pounds, 13 ounces as 
Doyle Jordan of Grape­ vine took second with 
31-1. 
In the team division, 
Charley Wong of Houston and Charles Rushing of 
D allas won w ith 
54 pounds, 
6 ounces. 
Tom m y H am ilton and 
Victor Sheppard of Na­ cogdoches were second with 49-13. 
In the father-son class, 
Gerald and Preston P ar­ tin of Nacogdoches won with 35-4. 

$ * & * * * « . 
* " « w a 
DAN ISSEL lands with rebound Sunday 

AP WIREPHOTO 

MONDAY 
Fro B a se ba ll: San A ntonio D odgers a t E l 
Paso, 8:3o p.m. 
College B a se ba ll: San Antonio College vs. 
Randolph A F B , Clemens High School, 7 p.m. 
SI. M ary's vs. St. Edward s, at Austin, 3 p.m. 
TUESDAY 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers at E l 
Paso, 8:3o p.m. 
College Tennis: San Antonio College men and women vs. Texas Lutheran, M cF arlin Tennis 
Center, 2 o.m. 

WEDNESDAY 
Bowling: Spectacular ‘77, Wonder Bowl, 2:3o p.m. 
Pro Baseball: San A ntonio Dodgers a t El 
Paso, 8:3o p.m. 
C ollege B a s e b a ll: S o u th w e ste rn vs . S t. 
Mary's, V.J. Keefe Field, 5 p.m. 
Pro W re stling : M unicipal A uditorium , 8:3o p.m. 
Co-m ain e v e n ts : F ritz Von E ric h vs. 
Bruiser B rody and El M il M ascaras vs. The 
Great G oliath; special event: Iron Sheik vs. 
Jose Lothario; O ther matches: Jose M artin vs. 
Big John. M ike Y o rk vs. Carlos Payne, and 
George M cQ uerrv vs. Rene Tuufuli. 

THURSDAY 
Bowling: Spectacular '77, Wonder Bowl, a ll dav beginning at 9:3o a m. 
High School T ra c k : Class AAAA and Class 
AAA G irls' state meets. Memorial Stadium , 
Austin. 
College Tennis: NAIA D istrict IV singles cham ­ pionships, Southwest Texas courts. San M arcos, 
I p.m. 

FR ID AY 
Bowling: Spectacular '17, Wonder Bowl, all dav beginning at l l a.m. 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers at A m ar­ illo, 7:3o p.m. 
* ,nu 
High School T ra ck: Class A AAA and Class 
AAA Girls' slate meets, M em orial S ta d iu g j^ ' 
Austin. 
“ ~-m r 
B ovs’ State Q u a lifie rs m e e t. B u c c a n e e r,, 
Stadium, Corpus Christi. 
GoM: Second Annual M em orial Tournam ent fo r* 
Irene Hoffman, Brackenridge golf course, 3 a.m. 
- * 

SATURDAY 
* “ 
Bowling: 
Spectacular ‘77, Wonder Bowl, IQ 
’ a.m. 
^ 
^ 
SABA City Tournament, Wonder Bowl, 8a.m .* ,, 
Sports Palace, I p.m. 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers at A m arillo, 
7:3o p.m. wats 
College Baseball: St. M ary s vs. Southwestern 
(2). V.J. Keete Field, 2 p.m. 
College Tennis: D istrict IV Championship, St. 
M ary's vs. Southwest Texas. San M arcos, I p.r n / 
College Golf: NAIA D istrict IV Championship, 
G re a te r H ills g o lf c o u rs e , A u s tin , I p .rn**, 
(Teams: Texas Lutheran, Southw estern, A n -# geto State and Sam Houston State). 
High School T ra c k : Class AAAA ond Clos* 
AAA Girls' state meets. M em orial Stadium ;” 
Austin. 
* * 
Bovs' State Q u a lifie rs m e e t. B u c c a n e e r 
Stadium, Corpus Christi. 
Auto Racing: Drag racing, Alam o D ragw av, 
, 
P ’ ^ * 
IMA I 
Stock car racing, Pan Am erican Speedway, ft * * p.m. m 

GILLESPIE 
FORD 

SERVICE WHILE YOU WAIT! 
NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 
MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED 

Must have coupon for specials 
Must have coupon for specials 
£** 

 jj» 
UNDERCOATING 
Well clean the un­ derside of your car, then fully undercoat to pro- . ted from corrosion, rust 5 " J 
J V S and road noises. Adds life to your car. 

EXPIRES 3-13-77 
(t)j 
21 

GILLESPIE FORD 
23oo BROADWAY 
227-1411 

Sunday's major league boxscores 
SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS— Monday M ay 2 19 77 
^ 

Cardinals, 8-o 

ST. LOUIS (AP) — Ted Simmons tripled home two runs and drove in another with a sacrifice fly. leading the 
St. Louis Cardinals to an 8-o triumph 
Sunday over the Atlanta Braves behind 
Erie Rasmussen’s five-hit pitching. 

A T LA N TA 
................. ST. LO UIS 
— 
.* ob r h bi . . 
............. 
Ss 
* o o o Brock lf cl 
4 o o o M um ry lf 
JA 
4 o 2 o Tmpttn ss rf 
3 o 1 o Kssngr ss lh 
4 o 1 o Scottcf 
C 
3 o o o HCruz rf lf 
4 o o o Andrsn rf ss 
3 o o o Smmns c 
P 
1 o o o OoRder c 
P 
1 o 1 o KH rndz 
1b 
P 
o o o o Reitz 
3b oh 
1 o o o Tyson 
2b 
Lew* p 
o o o o Rsmssn p 
Total 
......... 
3 2 .o .S.o Total 
___ 

A *® ?’o 
o o o .o o o.o O O -.o 
SrjCBufS 
...............7 
. . . . 
21 I O I 3 o o * - . 8 
D P —Atlanta 
I. 
LO B — Atlanta 
7, 
5|X » « is 
9. 
2B— Rasmussen, 
E asterly, 
RJHEITZ, 
Moore. 
3B—Simmons. 
SB— Pacio- re *. 
S—Rasmussen. 
SF—Simmons. 

Tw ins, 6-5 

BLOOMINGTON (A P) - Switch* hitter Roy Smalley got his first hit of the season righthanded to rap a four- run, ninth-inning rally and lift the 
Minnesota Twins to a 8-5 American 
League victory over Detroit Sunday. Munson fuels Yank win 

R wter 
Office 
Moore 
Brrghs 
Pcorek 
Pcroba 
A si sine 
Rckett 
Rtfiven 
Esterly 
RJhsn 

 ab r h bl 
3 1 2 1 
1 o o o 
1 I I 
o o o 
2 2 I 
1 I o 
O O O 
o I 3 
o o o 
1 I I 
o I I 
3 
o o 
3 1 2 o 
32 8 1 1 8 

OETRT 

LeFire 
Funles 
Staub 
Oalivie 
Tmpsn 
Kemp 
M May 
Mkwski 
Veryzr 

Tolol 

 cf 
2b db rf lb lf c 
3b ss 

 ab r h bi 
3 o o 
4 o 1 o 
4 o o o 
4 1 1 1 
4 o 1 o 
4 1 1 1 
4 1 1 o 
4 1 1 o 
2 1 1 3 

33.5 I i 

M IN N E S O T A 

Smiley 
Carew 
Bsfock 
W vngar 
C b b a g e 
Chiles 
Hisle 
Ford 
Wilfong 
Kustck 
T errell 
Totol 

 ss lb cf c 
3b db lf rf 
2b 
PH pr 

 ab r b bi 
5 o 1 1 
O O O 
o I 
1 I 
I I 
o I 
1 2 
I o 
I 2 
o I 
1 o 
35 6 IO 

TZO out when winning 
Detroit 
........................... 
Minnesota 
................. 
E —Smalley. 
O P — D etroit 
I, 
I. 
LOB—D etroit 
3, 
Minnesota ick, 
Cabbage. 
H R —Ogitive 
(4 ), 
Wtlfong 
( I) , 
V eryzer 
<1) 

 run scored 
............... 
. 
OSO o o o.o o o - . ] 
.. 
o o o . o o 1 . 1 o 4— .6 
M innesota 
5. 
2B— Kus- 
Kem p 
(4 ), 

Ruthven 
Easterly 
Rdahnson 

R ash m en 
T —2:17. 

( T ,3-3 3 

(W,2-3 
A—12,781 

ER BB SO 
3 
2 
I 

Bed Sox, 6-1 

Rozema 
Hiller 
(L ,l-3 ) 
Thrdsgrd 
Holly 
<W, 1-o) 
Hillier pitched to 
3 
W P—Hiller. 
H B P — By 
Thrdsgrd 
(L e F lo re ). 

IP . . . H 
8 2-3 8 5 
5 
o 
2 1 
1 
2 
5 5 
5 
7 
2 o 
o batters in ninth 
Rozemo 
(F o rd ), 
T —2:o2. 
A —6,437. 

ER BB SO 
2 
o 
o 
4 

Bv 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEW VORK - Thurman 
Munson homered for the third game in a row and scored the go-ahead run on Chris Chamb­ liss’ sixth-inning double as the 
New York Yankees ran their winning streak to four games 
Sunday by defeating the Seattle 
Mariners 5-2. 

The Yankees made the most of five hits in 51-3 innings off loser Glenn Ab­ bott, o-3, while the Mariners wasted most of their 13 hits off Ken HoUzman, 
2-1, and Sparky Lyle after scorin g twice in the first inning. 

S E A TT LE 

O AK LAN D 

North 
LM roy 
Page 
Allen 
Newmon 
Snglien 
Gross 
Whams 
Perez 
Pccolo 
Total 

Oakland 
Boston 
E —BStanlev, land 
2, 
Boston 
5. 
2B— Gross. 
Burleson. 
H R — Fisk 
Yastrzem ski. 

E xpos, 6-2 

D 
BOSTON ab r h bi ob r h bi 
Cf 
3 I o o 
Burlson ss 
4 I 
2 o rf 
5 o I 
I 
Dillard 
2b 
4 I 
I 
o lf 
4 o I o 
Rice db 
4 o o o lb 
4 o I 
o GScott lb 
J I 
I 
o c 
o o o o Ystm ki lf 
3 o I 
I dh 
3 I 
I o 
Fisk c 
4 J 3 5 
3b 
4 I 
I o Evans rf 
4 o I 
o lb 
3 o 2 I 
Hobson 
3b 
4 o I 
o 
2b 
4 o I 
I grm llr cf 
2 o I o ss 
3 I o o DCImn cf 
I o o o 
33 4 8 3 Total 
32 4) ■ll 
6 

M O N TR E A L 

.................. 
o 2 o o o o 2 o o— 4 
..................... 
o o o 2 o o o 4 * — .6 
GScott, 
Fisk. 
D P — Oak- 
2. 
LO B—O akland 
8, 
Boston 
Allen, 
W illiam s, 
GScott, 
(4). 
S— North 
SF — 

Cash 
Speier 
Crm rfe 
Perez 
Parrish 
Unser 
JoMrls 
Menas 
Carter 
Dowsnn 
Rogers 

Total 

2b ss rf 
1b 
3b cf ph cf c lf 

 ab r h bl 
5 o o o 
4 I 2 
4 o I 
2 2 2 
4 o o 
2 t I 
I o o 
O O O 
4 2 2 
4 o I 
4 o I 

L O S .A N G E L E S ab r h bl 

34 6.1o 6 

Lopes 
Russell 
Hale 
S m ith 
M rtnez 
G orm an 
Cey 
Gorvev 
M onday 
Boker 
Yeaqer 
DStton 
G nodsn 
Soso 
Dwnwng 
Loiv 
Total 

2b 

Ph pr p 

 lb cf lf c p gh 

3b 

I 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I I 
o o 
I I I 
o 2 I 
o o 
1 OO 
O O O 
O O O 
2 o I 
33.2.7 

Boez 
Braun 
Lopez 
Bnhrdt 
Stein 
M eyer 1b 
RuJnes 
Stanton 
Co* c 
CR Vds 
Lls ph 
Total 

2b 
It cf dh 
3b 

......................N EW YO RK ab r h bl . . 
............. 
4 o 2 
o Rndlph 
2b 
5 1 2 
o Munson c 
4 o 2 
o ReJksn rf 
4 1 2 
1 Chmbls 
1b 
4 o 3 1 CM av dh 
O OO N Q E T T L E S H B 
2 o o 
o RW hite 
It 
1 o o o B lair cf 
3 o 1 o Dent ss 
3 o 1 o 
1 o o o 
35.2 13.2 Totol 
......... 

 ab r h bi 
3 o o o 
3 2 2 1 
2 1 o o 
4 2 ) 1 
3 o 1 o 
4 ? 7 V, 
3 o 
4 o 
4 o 

Met*, 8-2 
W Idle Sox, 12-4 

NEW YO RK 
SAN D IE G O ob r h bi 
MZZilli cf 
4 2 1 o 
GRhrds it 
Randle 
2b 
5 2 3 1 Fingers 
P 
Torre lb 
4 o 1 2 
D R b rti ah 
Kngmn 
It 
1 o o o Almon ss 
Bsclair lf 
3 o 1 1 
Winlld rf 
Vail rf 
4 o o o Tenoce c 
Starns c 
3 1 1 o 
Modi ch ct 
Staigr 
3b 
4 1 2 7 (vie lb 
L F s H r ss 
3 1 1 o 
$*hrlod 
3b 
Swan p 
2 o o o Cbmon 
2b 
Aodaco 
o 
o o o o Rim ad ah 
Lockwd 
o 
1 1 1 o 
DoRder 
Shirley' 
BM tzgr 
R V Itne 
Bem ol 
Turner 

3b p p ph 

 p lf 
Tolol 
34 8 l l 6 Total 

 ob r h bi t e x a s 
CHICAG O 
4 
o 
o 
5 
4 
3 
4 
4 
4 
7 
I 
I 
I 
o 
I 
o 
I 
35 2 

 ob r h bi 
Wills 
2b 
5 1 1 o 
Goer 
It 
Cmpnrs ss 
4 1 2 o Hairsfn lf 
Wshgtn lf 
3 2 3 1 Banistr ss 
H rgrv# lb 
5 o 3 2 N rdbrk ss 
Horton 
. dh 
4 o o o Orta 
2b 
H arrah 
3b 
2 o o o 
Ztsk rf 
Howell 
3b 
2 o o o Nrdbgn rf 
Hndrsn rf 
4 
I o Spacer 
1b 
Sndbrg c 
7 o o8o 
Sdrhlm 
3b 
JEUis c 
2 o 1 o 
Brhm er 
3b 
Bem aul ct 
3 o 1 o 
Gam ble db 
Leo on cf 
34 
3 fission c 

 ob r h bi 
5 1 2 o 
o 
I 
o 
1 
o 
o 
2 
2 
o 

Total 
36 4 12 3 Totol 

o 
o 
o 
3 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
5 2 
,3 
5 2 2 4 
4 1 1 2 
41 12 17.12 

IO 2 

New 
York 
San 
Diego 
E —LFoster 
D P —New 
York 
Diego 
I. 
LO B—New 
York 
6, 
San 
2B—Torre, 
Sfoiger. 
3 8 —Randle 
Slaiger 
(2). 
SB—Randle, 
Stearns 
5—Swan, 
SF— K O R R E . 
IP . . . H 
Swan 
( W .I-2) 
5 1-3 6 
Apodema 
I 2 3 
3 

1 o 2 . o 1 o OO 3 - . 8 
OOO o o 1 1 o o - 2 
2, 
San 
Diego 
9. 
HR — 
Bostclair, 

Texas 
........................................ 
IO O 1 1 o o o 1 — .4 
Chicago 
................ 
6 4 o OOO O O * — 12 f — H argrove, 
H orrah 
D P —Texas 
2, 
CK HIC AGO 
LO B—Texas . Chicago 9. 
2 B - 
Wtlls, 
G a rr, 
Spencer, 
Lem on, 
Com p­ o n e n t 
3B—Gam ble 
H R —O rta 
(2 ), fis ­ sion 
(2), 
Lemon 
(3), 
W ashington 
(2 ). 
S — 
Washington 

I I 
I I 
o o 

Lockwood 
2 
I 
Shirley 
(L.2 3) 
3 
5 
M etzger 
7 
I 
Bernal 
2 
I 
Fingers 
2 
4 
Save—Lockwood 
( I) . 
B a lk— Shirley, 
Swan. 
T —2 77. 
A— 14,22o 

ER BB SO 
I 
I 
3 

28 5 8 5 

Seattle 
New 
York 
E -N e ttle s , 
New 
York 
4 
2B—RWhite, 
H R —Munson 

2 o o o o o o o o — 2 
I I o o o 2 o I * - 5 
D P —Seattle 
I, 
9, 
New 
Y o rk 
7. 
2, 
Stein. 

Abbott 
Moore 
Hollzm an 
Lyle 
Save—Lyle 

Cox, 
Lyle. 
LO B —Seattle 
Broun, 
Chambliss 
(4). 
S F —Nettles. 
IP 
..H 
R 
ER BB SO 
<L,o-3> 
5 1-3 5 4 
4 
4 
I 
2 2-3 3 
1 
I 
3 
2 
(W.2-1 
6 
IO 2 
2 
2 
I 
3 
3 
o 
o 
1 
o 

Blue 
Bahnsen 
Giusti i 
BStanley 
Campbell 
H B P — Bv 
2;34.. A—22,o53 u r n 

(L,1-l I 

<W,1-3) 
BSIonlev 

IP . . H 
R 
7 
9 4 
2-3 
2 2 
1-3 
o o 
6 
8 4 
o 
o 

ER BB SO 

(W illia m s ). 

6 
I 
I 
o 
I 
o 
T — 

Monlreal 
Los 
Angeles 
D P —Los 
Los 
Angeles 
Yeager. 

O rioles, 3-2 

C A L IF O R N IA 

Remy 
Grich 
Bonds 
Savior 
? & ;; 
RoJksn 
Bochte 
H m pton 

2b ss rf 
1b 

3b dh cf c 

 lf 

. B A L T IM O R E ab r h bi . . 
........... 
3 1 1 o Bm bry 
3 o o o KGrciO 
5 o o 
Belngr 
4 o o o Singltn 
3 o o o Skaggs 
4 o 3 o BSmith 
4 o 1 o LMoy 
4 1 1 1 M u rra y 
4 o 2 o OeCncs 
F o x ily 
Harlow 
OtTtpsy 
Muser 
Shopoy 
Tolal 
........... 
3472 8.2 Totol 
...... 
31.3 
None out when winning run scored. 
California 
.................... 
1 o o o 1 o o o o o — 2 
Baltim ore 
.................... 
o o 1 . o 1 o . o o o 1 — .3 
E —M u rra y, 
Dempsey. 
DP— C alifornio 
I, 
Baltim ore 
2. 
LOB— Californio 
7, 
Balti3 m ore 
4. 2B—Chalk, 
BSmith. 
H R — Kelly 
2 
(2), 
Bochte 
(2). 
SB— Rem y 
2. 
S— Rem y 
IP 
Ross 
5 
Hartzell 
(1-3) 
4 
G rim sley 
<W ,2-l) 
IO 
T —2:19. 
A—9,o61 

Unser 
( I) . 
SB— Perez 
2 

Rogers 
(W ,2-l) 
D Sutton 
Soso 
IL,o-1) 
Downing 
Garmon 
T—2:35. 
A—35,353. 

............................. 
o o o o 2 3 o o 1— 6 
................. 
OO o.o 2 o.o OO— .2 
Angeles 
2. 
LO B —M ontreal 
4, 
7. 
2B— Lopes, 
Dawson, 
Bak- 
3B—Speier. 
H R —C a rter 
2 
(7 ), 
S— Unser. 
IP . . . H . R 
9 
7 
2 
5 
6 
2 
2 1-3 
3 
3 
1-3 o 
o 
I 
I 
I 

ER BB SO 
2 
3 
6 

 lf 
SS ss ph c 
2b dh lb 
3b rf cf 
C oh lf 

 ob r h bi 
4 o 1 o 
o o o4o 
3 o o o 
o o o o 
O O O 
o 
o 
o 
1 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 

Cubs, 4-1 

CHICAGO. 

D albus 
Gross 
Bckner 
M urcer 
Trillo 
Wallis 
Sutter 
Otvros 
Mtrwld 
RRschl 
JeMrts 
Total 

Chicago 
Nmcinnati 
E—Bench, 

I. 
C IN C IN N A T I a b r h bi ss 
4 1 1 o 
Rose 
3b lf 
4 1 1 o 
Cncpcn ss lb 
4 o 1 1 
GriHev rf rf 
3 o o 1 M organ 
7b 
2b 
4 1 2 o 
Drssen 
1b ct 
3 o 1 o 
G Feter ll 
P 
1 o o o 
Bench c 
3b 
3 1 o o G rnim o cl c 
4 o 1 o 
Zachry p 
P 
3 o o o 
Borbon p cf 
1 o 1 2 
Lorn ph 
34 4.8 4 Total 

. . . . 
o o o.o o 2 

 ab r h bi 
. 3 o 2 o 
o o 
o I 
1 I 
o I 
o I 
o I 
o o 
o o 
o o 
o o 

TORONTO 

JScott 
H T rres 
Bailor 
Velez 
Ault 
AWoods 
Ashby 
Bwling 
Ewing 
M cK ay 
F a irly 
Total 

Toronlo 
Kansas 
E —Porter, 

(6). 
T —2:o7. 
A -2 o ,4 7 7 . 

Royals, 8-2 

..................... KANSAS C IT Y 

 lf aa I ii DI 
5 o o o G Brett 
3b 
2b 
4 o 1 o 
M cR ae db ss 
4 o o o Pqette 
It db 
3 1 1 1 
M y b rry 
1b lb 
4 o o o 
Porter c rf 
4 1 3 o Otis cf c 
4 o 1 o 
Cowens rf ct 
3 o 1 o 
Potek ss ph t o i l 
FW hite 
2b 
3b 
3 o 1 o ph 
1 o 1 o 
.... 
36.2.1o.2 
Total 

. . . . 
OOO o o I 
City 
. . . 
3 o o. o o I 

 ab r h bi 
S i l l 
o I I 
1 2 o 
1 I o 
2 I o 
I I I 
I 2 2 
I 2 2 
o I o 

THURMAN MUNSON 
. . . another homer 

Indians split 

M ILW AUKEE (A F ) 
- Johnny 
Grubb’s bases-loaded triple keyed a six-run second inning, powering the 
Cleveland Indians to an 8-5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers and a split of their American League doubleheader 
Sunday. 
Tin4 Brewers won the first gam e 7-J, building a six-run lead after two in­ nings with the help of a three-run homer by Robin Yount. 

C L E V E L A N D 
M IL W A U K E E 

Bailor. 

36.8 12 7 

* — .8 
LO B — Toronto 
9, 

M arling 
Blanks 
Carty 
Melton 
B Bell 
Dade 
Grubb 
Kendall 
Dufly 

Tolal 

 oh r h bi ab r h bl ct 
4 o o o 
Joshua ct 
4 7 2 o 
2b 
4 o o o Yount ss 
4 I 
2 3 dh 
4 o I o Cooper lb 
3 I 
I 
I tb 
44o 2 o 
DThm s dh 
3 I 
I 
I 
3b 
4 O O O 
Money 
2b 
3 I 
I 
o rf 
4 I 
2 o 
Lzcano rl 
3 o I 
I lf 
4 2 3 I 
Bando 
3b 
4 o 1 I c 
4 o I I 
W hllrd lf 
3 o o o ss 
3 o o I 
Hegan ph 
I 
o o o 
Brve lf 
o o o o 
Moore c 
4 I 
I 
o 
35 3 9.3 
Total 
32 J IO 7 

IP 
. M 
R 
ER 
P erry 
(L.1-4) 
1-3 
4 
6 
4 
Bocsik 
13 
3 
2 
2 
Lindbtad 
1-3 
4 
4 
3 
W allace 
3 
3 
OI o 
O wine 
2 
3 
o 
o 
Knowles 
2 
O O O 
K Brett 
(W .3 I) 
7 
8 
3 
3 
Lagrow 
2 
« 
I 
I 
WP —W allace 
H B P — Bv 
P e rry nister). 
Bolk—KB rett 
T —2: 37. 
A— 
(Ban- 

1.7.o 

ER BB SO 
2 
2 
2 
1 
I 
I 
2 
4 
3 

........................ 
o o .o o 1.o o o— .I 
Concepcion. 
D P —Cincinnati 
I. 
LOB— Chicago 
6, 
Cincinnati 
8. 
2 8 — M il- terwald. 
Buckner, 
M organ, je M o ra le s . 
SB—G riffey 
2. 
S— Zachry. 
S F—M u rcer. 
IP . . H 
R . ER BB SO 

Pearl wins 

San Antonio’s Pearl Beer defeated 
Houston Park Sm yers Construction 
Sunday night to win the 5th annual San 
Antonio Invitational fastpitch softball tournament at the Alva Jo Fischer complex. 
Lefthander Chuck Epperson, named most valuable player of the tourney, sat Houston down on four hits in the final game after Houston defeated 
Pearl, 6-1, earlier in the double eli­ mination tourney. 

H ere is the All-Tournam ent team for the 5th annual Son Antonio Invitational fastpitch softball tournam ent com pleted Sunday: 
Pitchers — Epperson, P e arl; Tony Sparicino, 
Houston. C atcher — Tom Scott, P earl. First base 
— Ted T ed fo rd , P e a rl. Second base — Eddie 
C o n n o r, P e a rl. T h ird base — T o m m y Jones. 
Houston. Shortstop — Donald Schindwolff. Nous ton. U tility infield — Bob T a c k e r, F o rt W orth. 
O u tfie ld e rs — Tony F ra n k lin , S a g in a w ; J ak e 
Sanders, P e a rl; Teddy Benbrook Houston. U tility outfield — Tim Denson, Fort W orth. 

RReuschei 
(W.3-3) 
Sutter 
Zachry 
(L.2-3) 
Borbon 
Save— Sutter 
(4 ). 
2:16. 
A—46,418. 

5 2 3 
3 1-3 
8 2-3 
1-3 
W P— RReuschei, 

HOUSTON 

R u e s 
, 4 
- 3 

P IT T S B U R G H ab r h bi 
..... 
JGnzlz ss 
5 1 3 o 
M oreno cf 
JCruz rf 
5 1 7 o OH c 
Cedeno cl 
4 o o 2 P a rk e r rf 
Watson 
1b 
5 1 1 o 
O liver lf 
Frgson c 
4 o 1 1 
Strgll lb 
CJhnsn lf 
3 o 2 o Stnntt 
2b 
Grdner lf 
o o o o G arner 
3b 
Howe 
3b 
4 o o o Tveras ss 
Sprrng 
2b 
4 o o o 
BR bosn ph 
Lmnglo 
P 
3 o o o Mndozo ss 
RFrsch p 
1 o o o 
Cndlra p 

Totol 
3 8 .3 .9 .3 

Gssage 
Dilone 
Total 

 p oh 

 ab r h bi 
I I 
o o 

Kansas 
City 
7. 
2B— Poauettc, 
P o rter, 
Cowens, 
Potek, 
M cR ae, 
AWoods. 
3 8 — 
M cKay. 
H R —'Yelcz 
(6 ). 
SB— Patek. 
IP . ..H 
R . E R BB SO 
Lemnczyk 
<L,7-2) 
7 1-3 IO 
7 
S 
3 
I 
Hrtnsteirt 
2-3 2 
I 
I 
o 
o 
Guru 
<W,2-o) 
7 
6 
I 
I 
o 
3 
Litten 
2 
4 
I 
I 
I 
3 
Save—Litten 
(3 ). 
W P — Lem an cvzk, 
T — 
2:24. 
A--34,o66. 

P h i l s , 7 - 2 

P H IL A 
................... SAN FR A N ab r h bi . . ab r h bi 

Maddox 
Cf 
5 1 3 1 Thomas 
2b 
4 o 1 o 
Hebner 
1b 
5 o 2 1 Foil ss 
2 o o o 
Hutton 
1b 
o o o o Mdlock 
3b 
3 o o o 
Schmdt 
3b 
3 1 1 1 Evans 
It 
4 1 1 o 

Lzinski lf 
4 o o o McCvv 
1b 
4 1 1 2 

M artin lf 
o o o o Thmssn cf 
4 o o o 

Jhstne rf 
4 1 2 o Whtfld rf 
4 o 2 o 
Boone 
C 
3 1 2 2 W llam s 
P 
o o o o 

Szmore 
2b 
4 7 2 o Sodek c 
3 o 1 o 
H r mon ss 
4 1 1 o Hrndon oh 
1 o o o 

Chsstn 
D 
4 o 1 2 M cG itn 
D 
1 o o o 
Hverlo 
P 
o o o o 
Elliott ph 
1 o o o 
Crnutt p 
o o o o 
Rudtph 
C 
1 o o o 

Total 
36 7.14.7 Total 
3 2 .2 .6 2 

Philadelphia 
.................. 
o 2 1 .3 I o o o o— .7 
A A *5 

Cleveland 
........................... 
o 8 o IO O I O I - . 3 
M ilwaukee 
.........................3 3 O O o o .o I * — .7 
D P —Cleveland 
I. 
LO B—Cleveland 
6, 
M ilwaukee 
S. 
2B— Yount, 
Dade. 
3 8 —Coop er, 
Grubb. 
H R — Yount 
(2), 
G rubb 
( I) . 
SB—Joshua. 
S F— DThom as, 
Duffy. 
IP 
. .H 
R 
G arland 
(L.o-3) 
8 
IO 
7 
Augustine 
T - 2 o6. 

C L E V E L A N D 

(W,J-2 
9 
3 

ER BB SO 
7 
3 
4 
3 
o 
o 

M IL W A U K E E 

Kuioer 
2b 
WU . I .Ii Bl 
5 1 7 1 Joshua ct 
BBell 
3b 
5 o o o Yount ss 
JNorrts rf 
3 1 1 o 
Cooper lb 
Grubb 
It 
3 o 1 3 
OThms dh 
Melton lb 
5 1 1 o 
Money 
7b 
Marting 
Cf 
5 1 7 o Lzcano rf 
Dade dh 
2 2 o o 
Bando 
3b 
Lwnstn dh 
1 o o o 
Brve lf 
Blanks ss 
4 1 2 1 Hegan oh 
Fosse c 
4 1 2 3 W hlfrd pr 
Honey c 
Quirk 
Ph 
Moore c 

 a b r 
4 
5 
5 
4 
5 
4 
4 
3 
o 
o 
2 
I 

 h bi 
I 7 7 
2 
3 
o 
o 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 

Tolol 
37 8 11.8 Total 
38 

I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I 
I I 
o o 
I I I 
5. IO 

San 
Francisco 
D P —Philadelphia 
I, 
LOB— Philadelphia 
5, 
2B—Boone, 
W hitfield, 

San 
Francisco 
I. 
San 
Francisco 
6. 
Johnstone. 
H R - 

Two out when winning 
Houston 
................. 
Pittsburgh 
................. 
E —JGonzalez, 

 run scored 
............... 
o o o.o o 2.o I O O - . 3 
. . . o I o . o o o . i o i i — x . la 
Mendoza 
2. 
LO B — Hous­ ton 
8, 
Pittsburgh 
79 son. 
3B—JGonzalez, 
2 
(3), 
Oliver 
( I) . 
SF—Cedeno. 

Lemongello 
KForsch 
(L,2-2) 
Candelaria 
Gossage 
(W,3-o) 
T—2:26. 
A—25,371. 

2B— Ferguson, 
CJohn- 
JR ruz. 
H R — Stargell 
SB—Cedeno, 
M oreno. 

McCovev 
Schmidt. 

Chrstnson 
McGlothn 
Heaverlo 
Cornu!! 
W illiams 
T—2:11 

(5). 
SB—Schmidt. 

(W,2-2 
(L , 
o-3 

A— 16,272. 

IP 
9 
3 1-3 
1 2-3 
2 
I 

. H 
R 
6 
2 
IO 6 
3 
I 
o 
o 
I 
o 

S F — Boone, 

ER BB SO 
2 
3 
5 
6 
I 
3 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
2 
o 
o 
I 

Cleveland 
................. 
. 
o 6 o o 2 o o o o - 8 
Milwaukee 
................. 
o o o o 3 o o o 2— .5 
E — Joshua, 
BBell. 
D P - M ilw au kee 
2. 
LOB—Cleveland 
7 
, 
M ilw aukee 
9. 
2B— 
Cooper, 
Fosse. 
Yount. 
36 — G rubb. 
HR — i Joshua 
( I) . 
SB—JN orris 
2, 
M anning, 
KUI- per 2, Cooper. 
IP . 
. M 
R ER BB SO 
Bibby 
4 
8 
3 
3 
I 
2 
Ftzm rs 
(W.2-2) 
I 
O O O 
o 
o 
Buskev 
3 
2 
2 
I 
o 
3 
Hood 
1-3 
O O O 
I 
I 
Kern 
2-3 
O O O 
o 
o 
Beare 
(L ,l-!> 
I 2 3 
5 
6 
6 
3 
I 
ERdrgz 
6 1-3 
6 
2 
7 
I 
2 
McClure 
I 
O O O 
I 
o 
Save—Kern 
( I ) . 
HBP —By 
Buskey 
(H e gan). 
T -3 :1 5 . 
A— 26,336. 

L u n c h f o r »S 1 .o 5 
• • .a n il (Illic it. T ik i 

Served I I a.rn.-3 p.m. Monday thru Saturday 

SHRIMP SALAD 

Delectable bay shrimp atop a bed of crisp green lettuce, with egg and tomato wedges. 

CHAR BROILED GROUND ROUND 

6 oz. choice beef, cooked as you like it, plus your choice of cottage cheese and sliced tomato or baked potato and garden salad. 

CHEFS SALAD 

Bowl of crisp lettuce with ham, cheese, and turkey julienne, tomato, egg, and choice of dressing. 

FRESH FRUIT PLATE 

Seven varieties of fresh fruit surrounding your choice of cottage cheese or fruit sherbet. 

REGULAR MENU AVAILABLE 

SEAFOOD TAVERNS 

6837 SAN PEDRO 
• 
349-1493 

 m m 

 i p . .. 
A 
3 2-3 
7 
3 

ER BB SO 
2 
3 
I 
2 
I 
3 
3 
I 
3 
o 
I 
I 
SAC splits pair 

M ike Lenz lashed a two-run homer and Mike 
Dumont added a two-run 
Delco 
Shock 

Installation Included 
Fits Most Cars & Light Trucks 

Compare Delco Big D 5oo Series Shocks to any other. Big VA" diameter is larger than most heavy-duty shocks! You’ll get the smooth, cushioned ride you expect from your car. 

DRUM BRAKE 
OVERHAUL 
DISC BRAKE 
OVERHAUL 
MOST AMERICAN CARS 

Delco Brake Overhaul 
DISC & DRUM 

MOST AMERICAN CARS & LIGHT TRUCKS 

— 
H e r e ’ s W h a t W e D o — 

Install new drum linings/disc pads, new wheel cylinders, new brake return springs, new grease seals and new d isc/calip er 

 mounting hardw are (grom mets & bushings). 
Lubricate backing p late, repack front-w heel 

 bearings, resurface drums and rotors. Flush hydraulic system and inspect master cylinder, 

 brake hoses, hand brake, self-adjusters. 
Road test. 

RAIN CHECK: Should our supply of some sizes or lines run short during this event. we will honor any orders placed now for future delivery at the advertised price 

8 4 1 5 N. M cC ullough 
3 4 4 -9 2 9 1 
B lock Sooth O I Loo p 4 1 o 
A nd N o rth S to r M o ll 
O pen d o lly 7 i3 o o .m . to 6 p .m . 
M on. th ro S at. 

Sooner or later, you’ll own Generals 

Charge it at General 

 c s . 
We alto honer 
• Master Charqe 
• BaokAmencard 
• Diners Club 
• American Express 

JO SKt'S 
CAR CARL CINTER 
8 o 3 E. C om m erce 
2 2 7 -4 3 4 3 , 2 2 3 -1 BAB 
O pen d o ily 8 :3 o to A p .m . 
M on. a n d Thors, 't il 9 p .m . 

1 9o 2 S.W . M ilita r y Dr. 
9 2 4 -4 4 1 1 
I B lock la s t O H IH 3S Sooth 
O pen d a lly 7 ;3 o a .m . to A p.m . 
M o n . th ru Sat. 
Joske's Now Honors American Express • Joske’s Credit Card 
Accepted at all locations. Others at S.W . M ilitary and McCullough 

 double Sunday as San 
Antonio College ripped 
T exas 
Southm ost of 
Brownsville. 1o-3, in the first gam e of a double- header. 

Southmost. which hit five home runs in the twin bill, used a three- homer barrage to win the second gam e, 11-5. 

SAC, which concludes its season with at 7 p.m. gam e 
M onday night against Randolph at Cle­ mens, is now 9-22 on the year. Texas Southmost is 
24-13 on the year. 

F IR S T G A M E 
Southmost 
OOO OOO 1o2-3 
6 
5 
SAC 
o24 JOO o U -1 o 
IO 
I 
Ross and Ruiz. Frederick and 
Notions. W - Frederick (4-5). I 
— Ross. HRS — SAC, Lenz, one on, th ird ; Southmost. Lopez (2), solo seventh, and one on, ninth. 

S E C O ND G AM E 
Southmost 
121 3o1 3-11 l l 
I 
SAC 
o1o oo3 1 -5 
9 
4 
Farley and Ross. Dumont, O r­ tiz (7) and Nations. W "• Dumont 
( 7 1 ) . L - 
F a rle y . HRS - 
Southmost, V illa re a l (2), solos, third and 6th, Ross, two on, 7th. 

SO U THSID E 
A rt L oza n o , D a vid C a s tro , 
Rudv C orrola, Joe A. Guterrez, 
69 
Ruben Chapa, W alter Ken nada. L u n e F lo re s , R u s s e ll 
Kastner, 7o. 
SH ER A TO N 
Jay Co*, Al Bettiev, Joe Scott, 
48 L.C. Bernie, Robert M artin, 
Ken T e rre ll, 49. Chago Boker, 
Dick Taaffe. Dot Grainer, 49 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
# 
£ 
C u s h io n in s o le s . . . A 
•PULL-ON • ifort! 

LARGE SELECTION Oh i 
SIZES AN D W ID THS 

I r l f c O p r " 
J W 
I N 
O 
V SHOE STORES 

DoWNToWN: 
1141 Tram (fit isle dad; 
Z 
# 
2 2 7 - 7 7 7 2 
# 
• 

MRK U lt 
WITH fUfCHASE 
^ 
• 
NORTHSIDf: j n 
6819 Sot Padro 
W 
• 

(Halt ta Duatin Doughnut!) 
3 4 2 - 4 7 1 1 
• 
• 
SOUTHSIDE; 
141J S.W Military Dr. 
W 
• 

{Hen to Donkin Doughnuts) 
9 2 2 - 2 9 o 1 
W 

% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

 soys con t install naif? 

Not us. We're a Columbus Ride 
Control Center and that means we're experts at helping you deal with your car's handling problems. 
We can figure out your needs, recommend repairs and give you advice on how to do it yourself. 
We can provide you with the right tools to do the job, and sell 

Aguilera Auto Parts 
519 Hwy. 9o West 
San Antonio 

Bill’s Auto Supply 
6o7 Sidney Baker 
Kerrville 

Bueche Automotive 
1512 Hwy. 81 West 
New Braunfels 

Caperton Auto Parts 
8o1o Cross Creek 
San Antonio 

Ray Chain Auto Parts 
3719 S.E. M ilitary Dr. 
San Antonio 

Colonia Auto Supply 
7519 Somerset Rd. 
San Antonio 

Cross-Alien Co. 
5o5 I. 8th 
Del Rio 

 you the finest quality ride control products 
- hkeColumbus Shock 
Absorbers. 
Try it yourself, with our help. 
Together, there isn't a ride control problem we can't handle. 
We're you're neighborhood shock, tire and brake specialist. 

Mr. C. Auto Parts 
Goliad Auto Supply 
San Antonio 
2711 Goliad 
(All locations) 
San Antonio 

Davila Auto Supply 
Johnny’s Automotive 
223 Hwy. 9o West 
I 16 E. Malone 
San Antonio 
San Antonio 

Del La Rosa Auto Supply 
Kerr-Hill Auto Supply 
73o Nogalitos 
21o7 Guadalupe 
San Antonio 
San Antonio 

Dornak Auto Parts 
M-Co. Auto Parts 
Hwy. 97 
2423 Palo Alto 
Jourdanton 
San Antonio 

Fix’! Rite Automotive 
Mizer Auto Parts 
3938 Fredericksburg Rd. 
1323 N.E. Loop 41o 
San Antonio 
San Antonio 

George's Auto Ports 
6oo N. Teel 
Devine 

Polo Alto Auto Parts 
727 Palo Alto Rd. 
San Antonio 

Rigsby Auto Parts 
2o22 Rigsby Avenue 
San Antonio 

Robert s Discount 
Auto Parts 
4932 S.W. M ilitary Dr. 
San Antonio 

Sanchez Auto Supply 
Son Antonio 
(All locations) 

Tieken Auto Parts 
119 k W W. W hite Rd. 
San Antonio 

Turn Key Auto Parts 
San Antonio 
(All locations) 

U-SAVI Auto Supply 
23o6 Nogalitos 
San Antonio 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 
76ers win 

Continued from Page ll) dunk and a lay up. 
Boston's only answer was a field goal by Curtis Rowe as Philadelphia took a 
71-63 lead at the end of three quarters. 

H a m l i n 11 

A L A M O C IT Y L E A G U E 
N e w b y ’s 3, Brentw ood Beer 2 
N e w b v ’S 
2oo OOI OOO - 3 
7 
I 
B rentw ood 
'. OOO OOO ooo — o 
6 
2 
B o r r o w o n d L ifz e r. a s s m a n , G o n z a le s (6), 
A la s a ro (8) a n d M olica. W — B a rro w (2-o). L — 
B o sm a n (1-2). 
H ig h lig h ts: 
K e n Ja rzo m b e k nailed o tw o-run double in the first In ning to put N e w b y ’s in front to s ta y . N e w b y ’s is n o w 3-1, w h ile B r e n t w o o d d roop ed to 1-3. 

L o Puente B allroom ie, City T ra n sm issio n 3 
L a Puente 
3oo o22 9 - 16 
15 
2 
City T ra n sm issio n 
1o2 OOO o - 3 
3 
8 
C 
C u n n in g h a m and H ernandez. Carpenter, Solo zar (2), N e lson (6), B ro w n (6), B uilido (7) and 
H ass. W — C u n n in g h a m (1-o). L — Salazar (o-1). 
H R — L o Fuente, U rib e and H ernandez 
H ig h lig h ts: 
Both team s w ore left with record s of 13. 

R u d y 's Lou n ge 
I, 
Doyle s 
B illia rd s I 
R u d y 's 
OOO OOO o1o OO - 
I 8 
2 
D oyle s 
OOO o1o OOO OO - 
I 5 
o 
C la rk, E stra d a (6) a n d Ib a rra 
W eeks, Benivl- d a s (9) ond Perez. 
H ig h lig h ts: 
The ga m e w as called due to d a rk n e ss after It innings, leaving the ga m e in a l l deadlock. D o r r W eeks hit a sa c rific e fly w hich sco re d L a r r y D a m ia n for D o y le ’s only run and 
A m b ro se Ib a rra hit an R B Isin g le with the b ases loaded to b rin g in M ik e Stein for R u d y ’s. The tie g a m e left D o y le 's unbeaten at 3-o-1, w hile R u d y ’s stood at 2-1-1. 

The ('ellifs never quit, however, re­ ducing the Philadelphia lead to six points three times in the final quarter. 
A field goal by Dave Cowens, who scored seven of his ll points in the last quarter, reduced the Philadelphia lead to 81-75 with less than five minutes to play. 
But the only scoring from that point until the final buzzer was a field goal by Julius Erving at 2:48 arid a basket by Cowens IO seconds later. Neither team scored in the final 2 l/ i minutes of play. 
The score was tied five times and the lead changed on six occasions in the first quarter, which ended with Phila­ delphia ahead 24-19 on an 8-3 surge in the final 4Vi minutes. 
Philadelphia moved seven ahead with 11:43 to go in the second period but Boston finally surged in front on a lavup by Jo Jo White with 6:1o re­ maining in the half. 
The score was tied four times after that, the last at 4o-4o on a 22-foot jumper by Scott. Free then made a pair of free throws and again the 76crs went on a late spurt, 1o-5, to lead 5o-45 at halftime. 
Philadelphia again built the lead to seven early in the third period. 

Dodgers 
Connors turns back Ramirez 

LAS 
VF.(;a s 
Nth bother Ramirez more 
Considering the win* 

WANTED: 

25,ooo-4o,ooo st]. ft. retail show­ room/warehouse. International Cor­ poration is expanding its operations to San Antonio. Need good retail location. Lease or sublease on a long-term basis. Immediate avail­ ability desired. All responses will be kept confidential. 

Please write to: 
Paul D. Constantine 
23oo S.VV. 1st Avenue 
Portland, Oregon 972o1 

B O S T O N <771: H a v lic e k 4 5 8 
13, Row e 5 4 5 14, C ow ens 5 12 11. 
W hile 7 3-5 17, Scoff 3 4 8 IO. W ic ks 
3 2 2 8, Saunders o 4 5 4, Bosw ell o 
O O o. Totals 27 23-35 77. 
P H IL A D E L P H IA (83): E r v in g 
6 2 2 14. M c G in n is 4 o 18, Jones I 
O O 2, Bibby 3 2 2 8, C ollins 3 4-4 IO. 
Free IO 7 7 27, M ix o 6-8 6. D aw kins 3 2 2 8 Totals 3o 23-26 83. 
Boston l» I i 18 1 4-77 
P h ila d e lp h ia 
24 26 21 12— 83 
F o u le d o u t — N o n e . 
T o ta l 
F o u ls — B oston 25, P h ila d e lp h ia 
24 T e c h n ic a ls — P h i la d e l p h i a 
Coach Shue, M ix , Collins, Rowe, 
A-18,276. 

H O U ST O N (1o8): Jon es 2 2 2 6, 
Tom ianovlch 12 2-2 26, M a lo n e 6 
2 5 14, Lu ca s 7 2 2 16, M u rp h y 5 1-2 ll, Newlin 7 7 IO 21, Jo h n so n 2 2 2 
6, Kunnert 4 O O 8, K e n n e d y oO O o. 
Totals 45 18-25 1o8. 
W A S H IN G T O N (1o3): G re v e v 6 
1-3 13. H aves 9 2-2 2o, U nseld 5 1-1 ll. Chenier IO l l 21, H e n d e rso n 5 
24 12, Kup chak 7 4-6 18, W righ t 4 
O O 8, G ra y o O O o, B in g o O O o. 
Totals 46 11-17 1o3. 
Houston 
28 22 26 3 2 -1 o 8 
W ashington 
35 23 19 26— 1o3 
F o u le d o u t — K u n n e r t . T o ta l fouls— Houston 23, W ashington 26. 
T e c h n ic a l— W a s h in g t o n C o a c h 
Motto. A — 12,393. 

RO CKETS’ Eugene Kennedy lifts hand in victory 

AP WIREPHOTO 
Rockets 

Continued from Page ID 

 period ahead 77-76. But as the two teams became very physical, it was the outside shooting of Newlin and Tom- janovich which gave the Rockets the edge. 
With 5:24 remaining in the game and the score tied 89-89. Newlin hit two jumpers and Tomjanovich sank an­ other to give the Rockets a six-point advantage. 
Rookie Mitch Kupchak scored 12 of his 18 points in the fourth period for 
Washington. 
I b n v l i n g 

C IT Y T O U R N A M E N T 
R e su lts ofter second of three w eeks of plqy: 
T e a m E v e n ts: 
A — B illy M itch e ll. 3211; Ar- c h e c tu ra l M illw o rk No. 2, 3187; T he O u tsid e rs, 
3152 
B — W h y Nots No. 2, 2921; Jo se p h C h a rle s 
Je w e le rs, 2895; W ond er Bow l D isc Jo cke y s, 2824. 
C — St. B e n e d ict's M e n , 2722; K irb y State Bonk, 
27o7; L o o se E n d s No, I P lu s 4. 2693. 
D o u b le s: A 
— R. C antu, and L 
B lan carto, 1336; J. B ro w d e r a n d J. E v a n s, 1315; S. Lo th lin g e r a n d P. Solis, 
1313. B — C. B lo u n t a n d R 
S in c la ir, 1283; C. 
Sew ell a n d L. B o u rd e a u . 1231; B. W a n d a n d S 
Z im sm e iste r, 1212. C — S. G ood en a n d E. L iv in g ­ ston, 1188, G. K oep ke a n d J. A rbuthenot, 1174, W. 
M c C l e a r y a n d R. S m ith , 1163. 
S in g le s : 
D. 
B o u rn e r, 731; R. H a rris. 724; Sr. Klim efz, 714 8 — 
D. G o d fre y, 653; G. B au m li, 643; F. Fey, 641. C — 
W. D a v is , 65o; E. L a y m a n , 645; W. D e rrv b e rrv , 
639. 
A ll E v e n ts: 
A — B o b H a rris, 2o44; Robert 
Kantu, 2o32; A lfred E u d v, 198o. B — Ben Jones, 
1788, H e n ry Stultz, 1762; Bill H e rrin g , 1753 C - 
J e r r y K op plln, 17o8; K e lly M e n n , 1691; R ic h a rd 
Sm ith, 1686. 

Continued from Page ID 

 earned) while having only one batter retired in the first inning. 
Doug Slocum came in for the next five and two-thirds innings and was touched for IO hits and five runs, while walking four batters. 
After six innings, the Dodgers trailed 11-2, but the San Antonio team scored seven runs in the seventh to pull within two. 

Two runs were walked in (luring that inning, but the big hits came off the bats of Ted Farr and Don Cordoza. 
Farr cracked a two-run single and 
Cordoza knocked in a run with a dou­ ble. 
The Diablos countered in the bottom of the seventh with three more runs, this time off of Kevin Keefe, to in­ crease the lead to, 14-9. 
Dan Smith came in for Keefe after his brief stay, but also gave up three runs in the eighth. 

Three Diablos had four hits in the game. Bob Slater, Gil Cudski and Ken 
Landreaux each produced four times at the plate, with the red-hot Lan­ dreaux slapping two doubles, a triple and his four home run of the season. 
Designated hitter Art Fischetti and 
Farr each had a triple for the Dodgers, while Jeff Leonard and Ron Washing­ ton cashed in on doubles. 

LAS 
VEGAS, 
Nev. 
(AP) 
— 
Defending champion Jim m y Con­ nors fought back a deter­ mined Raul Ramirez 
Sunday to capture the 
Sixth Annual $25o,ooo 
Alan King-Caesars Pa­ lace Tennis Classic. 
Connors, the top-seed­ ed player in the tourna­ ment, won $5o,ooo with his 6-4, 5-7, 6-2 victory over his Mexican oppon­ ent and boosted his car­ eer earnings at Caesars 
Palace to $81o,ooo, 
Connors, by winning this tournament, raised his match record at Cae­ sar’s Palace to 181 and put him over the $2 mil­ lion mark in lifetime earnings. 
Ramirez who won 
$25,ooo for second place, said, “ He’s just a tough player, he’s got all the good shots.” 
Gusty winds, which in­ creased as the match continued, appeared to 

 bother Ramirez more than Connors. Connors played as if there were no wind at all and ran off four consecutive games in the beginning of the first set to take the initial lead. 

Considering the windy conditions, both players served well, each hitting only one double fault in the entire match. 

“ It was pretty windy out there,” said Connors. 

S A N A N T O N IO (12) ab r h b i 
E L P A S O o 7 ) 

W ashington ss 
Fischetti, (th 
Webb, 3b 
Cordoza, 1b 
Leonard, It 
Rushde, rf 
G a rriso n , cf 
F a rr, c 
M e ye rs, 2b 
Totals 

Son Antonio 
E l P a so 

42 12 17 ll 

 ab 
Stator, 2b 
6 
Cudski, lf 
6 
L an dreau x, cf 
4 
StuDV, lb 
5 
Lan sford, 3b 5 
R u sh .d h 
6 
Peters, rf 
5 
A nderson, ss 5 
Kelly, c 

 r h 
3 
4 

I PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED 
AUTOMOBILE 
GLASS TINTING 

Yah ll he m u ch m w # ( omfo'l.tble 
S o L M -X * 

Sun Control film for Windows 

• KEEPS CARS COOLER 
• STOPS SUN FADE 
• SAVES AIR CONDITIONING 
• PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED 

DIFFERENT C O L O R FILM 

A V A ILA B LE SBbHR-T 

OF S A N A N T O N IO 

4o1 IS O M RU. 

 r - 
” ” 
" p 6 A R c ' H o T d 
I M 
E S 
I 

Totals 
OOO 
1o1 
61o 
3o1 

46 17 23 16 

7o3 
33x 

E — C udski. F e rris, W ebb, Le on ard . D P — E l P a s o 
3, S A. o. L O B — E l P a s o 9, S A 9 2 8 — L e o n a rd , 
A n d e rson , L a n d re a u x (2), L a n sfo rd , W a sh in g to n , 
S t a t o r . 3 B — R u s h , S t a t o r , F a r r , 
F is c h e t t i . 
H R — La n d re a u x (4). S B — C u d ski, L a n d re a u x . 

K u n kle r, (Lo-2) 
Slocum x Keefe 
Sm ith v F e rris (W 2-1) z-Sealy 
W ilson 

IP 
H R E R B B S O 
S 
5 *j IO 
o 
4 
2 
4 
6 
IO 
o 
o 
3 
7 

E * O N 

CAR CARE CENTER 

Front-end alignment & wheel balance combination. 

X Fa ce d 4 batters (7th); 6-Face d 4 b a tte rs <7th>; z F a ce d 3 batters (7th). 
W P — K u n k lo r , S lo c u m . P B — F a r r (3 ). W ils o n 
Save (5). T — 2:57. A — ll 14. 

S S o x in ^ ; 

This w e e k's fights: 
W ednesday 
At S a n F ra n c is c o . Pete R a n - zany, Sacram ento, Calif., vs. M ike 
Everett, Philadelphia, w elters, IO. 
T h u rsd ay 
At Lo s Angeles, R o m e ro Bolan- o s . 
E c u a d o r , v s . 
V ic t o r 
A b ra h a m s, L o s A n ge le s, junior welters, IO. 
F rid a y 
At M ia m i Beach, Fla., R o d n e y 
Bobick, M ia m i Beach, vs. P e d ro 
Lovell, L o s A ngeles, heavies, IO. 
A i M ia m i Beach, FI., Adolfo V i- ruet. N ew Y o rk , vs. Ju an H id algo. 
M iam i, wel-ters, IO. 
Sa tu rd a y 
A t St. L o u is, Le o n S p in k s, St. 
Louis, vs. P e d ro A gosto, O radell, 
N.J., heavies, 8. 
At St. Louis, M ich a e l Sp in k s, St. 
Louis, vs. L u is R o d rig u e z , B e th ­ lehem, Pa., lightheavies, 6. 
At St. Louis, Jo h n Tate, K n o x ­ ville, Tenn.. vs. J e r r y T o m p k in s, 
Elizabeth. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
E 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Tennis Tournament 
Saturday, March 21 

 at the beautiful new 
Fair Oaks Racquet Club 

Your $2o per person donation entitles you to participate in two events. And also includes a great buffet, beer, drinks and day-long fun. A $1o contribution permits you to watch, eat and drink. Come see this beautiful new club — drive 9 miles north of Chos. Anderson Loop on IH 
IO. Take Tarpon Road exit and turn right at first opportunity, a new boulevard under con­ struction. 
1 

Mail Your Entry Today. Deadline is M ay 7 

U se this e ntry b la n k or g e t one from yo u r tennis sh op 

N A M E _____________________________________ ______________________ 

ADDRESS 

ZIP 
P H O N E 

Check the events you w ish to enter: 

□ Ladies’ doubles □ M e n ’s doubles □ M ixe d doubles 
M ixe d partner's nam e_____________________________ 
Ladies’-M e n ’s partner 
:___________ 
(Partner must fill out separate form) 
M ail w ith you r contribution to M A R C H OF DIMES, 
8 31 o -C Sp e ed w ay, San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 3 o 

I 
I 
I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
_ I 
I 
I 
.-J 

 s11977 R. J. R e y n o ld s T o b a c c o Co. 

Front wheels that are out of alignment can cause tires to wear rapidly. Put a strain on steering and suspension parts, too. Our alignment service helps keep your tires on the right “track" for good mileage. And, using our precision equipment, we'll spin balance all 4 wheels to help correct vibration and uneven tire wear. 
$2 1 9 5 

I l P l * 
Includes weights. 

All U.S. passenger cars. Also Toyotas, Datsuns and V.W 's. Excludes Convenes and cars with wire wheels. 

Shock absorber sale! 

Atlas heavyduty. 

Save 
Plus refrigerant and parts if needed 

W arning: The Surgeon General Has Determined 

That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous to Your Health. 

19 mg. "tar", 1.2 mg.nicotine av. per cigarette, FTC Report DEC7‘76. 

Save on air conditioner service 

Get into Winston and Rodeo. 

Del Rio 
Southwest Texas PROA Rodeo 
May 5-7, Val Verde County Fairgrounds 
For ticket information contact: Prosser Martin Cow boy Outfitters 
4o1 So. Main, Del Rio, Texas 7884o 
Phone No.: 512-775-2733 
8:oo PM 
^AURoqe. 

Let us service your air conditioner now for cool, comfortable driving f\ this summer. We ll check and adjust power belt. Check refrigerant. Test system for leaks. Set idle speed. 

 apair 

$786 

■ each, in pairs, plus installation. 

Atlas regular duty. 

Save 

SC62 
% /each, in pairs, plus installation. 

We employ mechanics certified by 

Let us show you their credentials. 
This symbol assures you that many of our m echanics have qualified to receive the certification of the 
National Institute for Automotive 
Service Excellence, an organization that stresses professionalism through mechanic certification. 

Free written estimate on every job over $2o. We will save used parts for your inspection if you request them. 
All service offers expire May 31. Charge it on your Exxon Credit Card, BankAm ericard” or Master Charge “ Card. 

Vi. /.2 
6 area locations. Call or come by today! 

Central Park 
341-6288 

1ooo Loop 41o at 
Blanco Road 
„ 

Culebra 
North Park 
4d /"k M 
4*> rti 
San Pedro Park 
West Avenue 
Westwood 

736-2623 
824-96o8 
224-9531 
732-9672 
673-2451 

1o38 Cuiebra 
#12o2 Loop 4 1o at Nacogdoches 
Flus Deluxe Car Wash 

8o2 San Pedro Ave. 
23o2 West Ave. 
7oo3 Hwy. 9o West at at Zarzamora and Cypress and 1-1o North 
Military Drive West 

 f a f f # 
* * 

• 
WI HONOR 
^ master charge 

Scoreboard 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 1977 

Milwaukee 
N ew Y o rk 
B a ltim o re 
Boston 
Toronto 
Detroit 
Cleveland 

M in n e so ta 
K a n s a s C ity 
C h ic a g o 
Oakland 
T e x as 
C o lito rn ia 
Seattle 

!taM*l»2!ll 

A M E R I C A N L E A G U E 
E a s t 
W 
I? 
I? 
IO 
IO 
IO 
8 
I 

I.o h 

W e st 

H O U S T O N ( A P I — F in a l sc o re s a n d m o n e y -w in - n in g s S u n d a y In th e $2oo,ooo H o u s t o n O p e n G o lf 
T o u r n a m e n t o n the 6,997-vard, o a r 72 W o o d la n d s 
C o u n try C lu b co u rse : 

S a tu rd a y s G o m e s 
N e w Y o rk 7, Seattle 2 
B oston 8. O a k la n d 4 
T e x a s 14, C h ic a g o 4 
M in n e so ta 7, D e tro it 3 
C le v e la n d I, M ilw a u k e e o, 12 in n in g s 
B a ltim o re 4. C a lifo rn ia 3, IO in n in g s 
Toronto 2, K a n s a s C ity I 
S u n d a y s G o m e s 
B a ltim o re 3, C a lifo r n ia 2, IO in n in g s 
N ew Y o r k 5, Seattle 2 
B oston 6 . O a k la n d I 
M in n e so ta 6. D e tro it J 
C h ic a g o 12. T e x a s 4 
M ilw a u k e e 7 5, C le v e la n d 3 8 
K a n s a s C ity 8 , Toro nto 2 
M o n d a y 's G a m e s 
M ilw a u k e e (M o a s O I) a* Toronto ( H a r g a n I l l 
O a k la n d (L a n g fo r d 2 o ) at B a ltim o r e ( M a y 2 2) 
C h ic a g o ( B a r r io s 2 I) at K a n s a s C ity (L e o n a r d 

Top kegler 

Steve 
Neff, pro bowler, will be back to defend his title with Ju d y Soutar in the $5o,ooo Bowling 
Spectacular 
77 which starts 
Wed­ nesday at Wonder 
Bowl. 
Morrall to retire 

MIAMI (AP) - Earl 
M o rrall, who q u a rte r­ backed ll of 17 victories in the Miami Dolphins’ perfect 1972 season, is retiring Monday after 21 
National Football League seasons, the Miami He­ rald reported. 
In a story for its Mon­ day editions, the Herald said Morrall will call a 
Monday afternoon press conference to announce his retirement. M orrall could not be reached for comment. 
Morrall, who will be 43 in tun w eeks, w as ob­ tained by 
D olp h in s’ 
Coach Don Shula from the Baltim ore Colts in 
April 1972 as a backup quarterback. 

( i u l f 

S A C C 
M ix e d fo u rso m e s: 
F lig h t A — 
S t a n B e ll. B a r b o r a A r n e s o n , 
R o y a l K in g Jr. a n d J e an B r a le v 
53. 
F lig h t B - D r . a n d M r s . 
B y r o n Sm ith a n d Dr. a n d M r s . J. 
W. N ix o n J r 58. F lig h t C — M r. a n d M r s . W ilb u r Littleton, J a m e s 
T a y lo r a n d S a r a h M a tth e w s. 

P A N A M E R I C A N 
F in a l r e su lts of 3 6-hole t o u r ­ n e y: 
A — R a y A g u illo n . 
14o; 
J a c k D o z ie r . 141. B — F r a n k 
C h a n d le r, 142; Ju lio G a r z a an d 
R o y L a z a rin , 15o. 

St L o u is 
P ittsb u rg h 
M o n tre a l 
N ew Y o rk 
C h ic a g o 
P h ila d e lp h ia 

L o s A n g e le s 
C in cin n ati 
H ouston 
San F r a n c isc o 
A tla n ta 
S a n D ie go 

N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
E a s t 
W 
13 l l 
9 
9 

W e st 

S a t u r d a y 's G a m e s 
P ittsb u rg h IO. H o u ston o 
P h ila d e lp h ia 6, Sa n F r a n c is c o 4 
C in cin n ati 8, C h ic a g o o 
St 
L o u is 5, A tla n ta 4 
L o s A n g e le s 6. M o n tre a l 4 
N ew Y o rk 4, San D ie g o I 
S u n d a y 's G a m e s 
P ittsb u rg h 4, H o u ston 3, IO in n in g s 
St 
L o u is 8, A tla n ta o 
C h ic a g o 4, C in c in n a ti I 
M o n tre a l 6. L o s A n g e le s 2 
New Y o r k 8, Son D ie g o 2 
P h ila d e lp h ia 7, S a n F r a n c is c o 2 
M o n d a y s G a m e s 
P ittsb u rg h (K iso n 2 I) al A tla n ta (L a C o ste 1-3) 
St L o u is (O e n n v 5-o) a l r incinriati ( N o r m a n l l) 
^ P h ila d e lp h ia (T w itch e d o-j) at S a n D ie g o (G r iffin 

N ew Y o r k (K o o s m a n 1 3) at L o s A n g e le s R o u 
3-o) 

T E X A S L E A G U E 
E o s t 

G ene Littler, $4o,ooo 
Lanny W adkm s. *22,8oo 
Chi Chi Rodriguez. $14,2oo 
Bill Kratzert, $8 8oo 
Andy North, $8,8oo 
Art Hinkle, $5,98o 
D a ve E ^Heiberger, $5,98o 
Leonard Thom pson, $5,98o 
Jock N icklaus. $5,98o 
George K nud son. $5,98o 
D o u g Teweii. $3,8oo 
Jerry M cG ee . $3,8oo 
Bob Eastw ood, $3,MX) 
Bob Shearer. $3,8oo 
Lou G rah a m , $3-8oo 
Vicente Fernandez, $3,MX) 
Keith Fergus, $2,7oo 
Arnold P alm e r, $2,7oo 
Billy Casper, $2,7oo 
L o rry Nelson, $2,7oo 
Wolly A rm stro ng, $1,96o 
Andv Bean, $1,96o 
M ark Haves, $1,96o 
Rik M assengale , $1,96o 
Fred M arti, $1,51o 
George Burns, $1,51o 
M ik e Reid. $1,51o 
M o rris Hotalsky, $1,51o 
Forres* Feller. $1,51o 
Allen Miller, $1,51o 
Hale Irwin, $1,24o 
M ik e Hill, $1,24o 
Frank Board. $1,2do 
Bobby W odkins, $1,o55 
Hubert Green, $1,o55 
Victor Regalado. $1,o55 
Git M organ . $1,o55 
Julius Boros. $76o 
Tom Kile, $76o 
D o v e M a rr. $76o 
Steve M elnyk, $76o 
Don January, $76o 
Bob E Sm ith. $76o 
Lee Trevino. $76o 
Jim Sim ons. $76o 
G a ry Koch, $76o 
Charles Coody. $76o 
G a y Brew er, $512 
Bruce Lietzke, $512 
Frank Conner. $512 
Lee Elder, *512 
T om niy Aaron, $465 
M ik e M orley, $-165 
Bill Motion, $465 
Fuzzy Zoeller, S465 
Jeff Mitchell, $415 
Paul M oran, $415 
M a rk Pfeil. $415 
Buddy Allin, $415 
M ark Lye, $415 
C raig Stadler, $415 
Bobfly Cole, $375 
Jim Jam ieson, $375 
Tony Jacklin, $355 
Jim Dent. $355 
Fred H aas, $325 
Ben Crenshaw , $325 
Don M assen q ale 

7o-65-67-74— 276 
71-68-7o-7o— 279 
72-66-71-71-28o 
71-72-66-72-281 
71-7o-69-71— 281 
73-69-7o-7o— 282 
72 7 7G 7 3-282 
7o68-7o-74-282 
69 756 7 7 1-282 
6968-7669-282 
7167 73-72-283 
71 7369-7o— 283 
7o-74-7o69-283 
72-72 7 o6 9-2 83 
71-72 7 26 8-2 83 
7269-71-71-283 
75-7o6 9 7o— 284 
72-74-7167-284 
71 71 72-7o-284 
74-71-7168-284 
75-71-71-68— 285 
7o76 7 o6 9-2 85 
67 76 72-7o-285 
73-7o 71-71-285 
7o 7269-75-286 
6768-72-79-286 
73-7o71 7 2-286 
71 73-71-71-286 
7o 74 7o 72-286 
7269 74 7 1-2 86 
75-7o71-71-287 
73-7o72-72-287 
767o69 72-287 
’o 7 5 6 9 74-288 
71-73 72-72-288 
71-71-73-73-288 
72-71-73-72-288 
767o72-71— 289 
746 8 7 6 7 2 - 289 
68-7673-73-289 
73 7o 71-75-289 
72-72 7 o 7 5 -2 8 9 
72-73-7767- 289 
69 77 7 6 6 8 -2 8 9 
72 71-767o-289 
73-73-72-71-289 
72-72-73-72-289 
73-72-71-74— 29o 
7668-71-76-29o 
71 71-71 7 7-2 9o 
73-7o 74-73-29o 
74 71 7671— 291 
76 7 o74-72— 291 
74 7271 74— 291 
768673-74-291 
73 73 7 6 7 1-292 
71 71-77 73— 292 
72 73-73-74-292 
74 69 72-77 -2 9 2 
68-74 78-72— 292 
74-7o 73-75— 292 
74 71 77 71— 293 
74 7o 7 6 73-293 
74 72 71 7 7-294 
69 7/ 72-76— 294 
73 72 7 6 7 5-295 
767o7o79— 295 
74-71-72-8o— 297 

B I R M I N G H A M , A la 
( A P ) — S c o r e s a n d m o n e y w in n in g s of the le a d e rs after S u n d a y 's fin a l ro u n d of the L P G A B ir m in g h a m C la s s ic at the G r e e n V a lle y 
C o u n try C lu b : 

Sh re ve p o rt 
T u lso 
J a c k so n 
A r k a n s a s 
W e st 
E l P a so 
A m a rillo 
8 
M id la n d 
5 
S a n A nto n io 
4 
S a t u r d a y 's G a m e s 
A m a rillo 3. M id la n d 2 
E l P a so 9, S a n A n to n io 6 
A r k a n s a s 3, J a c k so n o 
S h re v e p o rt a l T u lsa, ppd., rain 
Su n d a y s G o m e s 
A m a rillo 3, M id la n d 2 
E l P a s o 17, Sa n A n to n io 12 
T u lsa 2, Sh re v e p o rt I 
O n ly g a m e s sch e d u le d 
M o n d a y 's G o m e s 
M id la n d at A m a rillo 
So n A n to n io at E l P o so 
J a c k so n at A r k a n s a s 
S h re v e p o rt at T u lsa 

S A. B L A C K S O X 9, A A P C O R E D S O X I 
A a p c o 
OOI OOO ooo — 
1 
8 
4 
B la c k So x 
oo2 7oo OOx — 9 
12 
3 
M o re n o , H e rn a n d e z 
(5) a n d P e re z . C o n c h o a n d 
M itche ll. W — C o n ch o (2-o). L — M o r e n o (o-1). 

A L A M O G O L F A S S O C . 
T e d S a r g o s a , 8 o -1 3 — 6 7; 
( t ie ) 
B o b b y 
H ill, 
84-16— 68 a n d R u d v R a m o s, 73-5— 68. L G — J e sse 
R am ire z , 72, 
( 

N a tio n a l B a sk e tb a ll A sso c ia tio n 
A ll T im e s C D T 
Q u a rte rfin a ls 
B e st-o f Se ve n 

S u n d a y 's G a m e s 
P h ila d e lp h ia 83, B o s t o n 77, P h ila d e lp h ia w in s b e st-of-7 se rie s 4 3 
H o u s t o n 1o8, W a s h in g t o n 1o3, H o u s t o n w in s best-of-7 se rie s 4-2 
D e n v e r 114, P o r t la n d 1o5, O T ; P o r t la n d le a d s se rie s 3 2 
G o ld e n State 115, L o s A n g e le s 1o6; b e st o f-se v e n se rie s tied, 3-3 

M o n d a y 's G o m e s 
D e n ve r at P o rtla n d , IO o rn 
W e d n e s d a y ’s G a m e s 
G o lde n State at L o s A n g e le s, 1o:o5 p rn 
P o rtla n d at D e n v e r, 8:3o p rn 

Debbie Austin, $9,ooo 
Debbie M asse y , *6.o5o 
Sandra P ost $4,345 
Jan Stephenson $3,24o 
Bonnie B ry an t $2,285 
Connie Chillem i $2,285 
K arolyn K ertzm on $2,285 
Silvia Bertoloccini $1,7o1 
M arlen e Floyd $1,7o1 
Joyce K ozm iersk l $1,7o1 
Judy K im b all $1,39o 
M icke y W alker $1,39o 
Jerilyn Britz $1,o77 
Betty Burfeindt $1,o77 
Sally Little $1,o77 
M J Sm ith $1,o77 
M a r ia A st r o lo g e s $83o 
Jane Blalock $83o 
P at Bradley S8Jo 
Jo Ann Prentice $83o 
La u ra B ou gh $646 
Betsy Cullen $646 
Bonnie Lauer $646 
Jo Ann W o sh a m $646 
Donna C Y o u n g $646 
Kathy Ahern $5o2 
G loriaE h ref $5o2 

68-69-7o— 2o7 
68 71-69 -2 o 8 
73-667o-2o9 
72-7o-68— 21o 
75-6672— 212 
73-69-7o-212 
7o-71-71— 212 
67-71-71-71-213 
67 73-71-69-213 
6 6 72-69-72-213 
73-66 75— 214 
7o-7669-214 
71 71-73— 215 
7o-71 7 4 -2 )5 
73-73-69-215 
7 /74 69— 215 
74-71-71— 216 
73 7o-73-216 
72 72-72-216 
72 72-72-216 
71-7o-76-217 
72 72-71— 217 
71 74-72— 217 
73 71-73-217 
71-72-74— 217 
73-73-72-218 
74-7669-28 

H o c k e r 

N A T I O N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
P L A Y O F F S 
A ll T im e s C D T 
S e m ifin a ls 
B e st-o f Se ve n 
S u n d a y 's G a m e 
B o sto n 3, P h ila d e lp h ia o; B o sto n w in s best-of-7 se rie s. 4-3. 
T u e sd a y , M a y 3 
N e w Y o r k Is la n d e r s at M o n tre a l. 7:o5 p rn 
B o sto n a t P h ila d e lp h ia , 7:o5 o rn , if n e c e s s a r y 
W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
P L A Y O F F S 
A ll T im e s C D T 
S e m ifin a ls 
B est-o f-Seven 
S u n d a y 's G a m e 
H o u sto n 4; W in n ip e g le a d s se rie s, 

T u e s d a y ’s G o m e s 
In d ia n a p o lis of Q ueb ec, 7 p m 
W in n ip e g at H o u sto n 7:35 p rn 

 i » f © r 

S O U T H T E X A S S O C C E R C U P 
S e m ifin a ls 
M e x ic o o f H o u sto n 2, So n A n to n io P e a r l In t e r ­ n atio n a l I 
Ir a n of H o u sto n 5, S a n A n to n io K Q X T 3 
S o n A n to n io P e a r l U nite d 3, S a n A n to n io M in i- 
S to r a g e I 

W in n ip e g 6 , 
3-1. 

S o c 

GRAND OPENING 

AT W O NDERLAND 

S K S tuxedo rentals 

PRO M SPECIAL. . . 

FREE POCKET CALCULATOR WITH RENTAL 

OF ANY TUXEDO FOR A SCHOOL PROM 
— N O OTHER DISCOUNTS ALLOW ED— 

THIS AD MUST BE PRESENTED WITH RESERVATIONS OF YOUR TUXEDO 
TUXEDO RENTALS 

DOW NTOW N 
NORTHSIDE 
SOUTHSIDE 
NORTHWEST 

1o3 LEXINGTON 
7313 SAN PEDRO 1243 SW MILITARY DR. 28o WONDERLAND MALL 
222-22o8 
342-5266 
924-4256 
736-24o4 

SA horse takes 5th 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 

DEL RIO - P erfect 
View nipped Easy Luigi in a photo finish Sunday to win the $1o5,6oo Alamo 
Quarterhorse B reed er’s 
Association Futurity, the richest horse race ever in 
Texas. 
| 
Perfect View, owned by 
Bill Reed and Ted Duke of 
Stam fo rd , earn ed 
$22,16o and was ridden by 
Terry Tipham, the lead­ ing jockey in California. 
E a sy Luigi cash ed in 
$12,355 and was ridden by the top jockey at Ruido­ so, John Cox. 
Turf’s Demon, owned by TTI. B aker of San 
Antonio, was fifth and earned $6,652.8o. T urf’s 
Demon is trained by Pat 
Doyle. 
Seco Mia, the fastest qualifier last week, fin­ ished fourth. 

R e s u lt s o f S u n d a y ’s *1o5,6oo 
A la m o Q u a r t e r h o r s e B r e e d e r 's 
A sso c ia tio n F u tu rity a t D e l R io 
D o w n s: 
I. 
P e r f e c t V ie w , S t a m f o r d , o w n e d b v 
B ill 
R e e d a n d T e d 
D u k e , T e rr y L ip h a m , jo c k e y ; 33o y a r d s , 17.28 se c o n d s, fa ir tra c k , e a rn e d 
$22,16o. 
2 
E a s y 
L u i­ gi, 
To m ball. 
$12,355. 
3. 
J O D Y 'S G lo ry , K e n e d y , $1o,355. 
4. Se c o M io . H o u sto n , $8,553.6o. 
5. T u r f s D e m o n , S a n A n to n io , 
$6,652.8o. 6 . T r ib b le Je t, K y le , 
$5,7o2.4o. 7. 
K i d 's J i v e T a lk , 
A u s t in , $4,752. 8 . 
L i t T o m b o y 
B a b e , L a re d o , $3,326.4o. 9. Je t 
C re e k A ffa ir, H o u ston , $2,851.2o 
IO. A fo rem e, L u b b o c k . $2,376. 

TOKYO 
HOUSE 
SPECIAL 
J/2 PRICE 
MASSAGE 

FREE SAUNA 

ESCORT 
AVAILABLE 

732-3361 

4218 BLANCO 

THE TIRE STORE 
WAREHOUSE SALE 
SELECT YOUR SIZE 

FULL 4 PLY POLYESTER WHITEWALLS 

OO 

SIZE 
A 7 8 - 1 3 
E 7 8 - 1 4 
E 7 8 - 1 4 
F 7 8 -1 4 

SIZE 
G 7 8 - 1 4 
H 7 8 - 1 4 
G 7 8 - 1 5 
H 7 8 - 1 5 
L 7 8 -1 5 

PREMIUM STEEL BELTED WHITEWALL 

OO 

SIZE 
E 7 8 -1 4 
F 7 8 -1 4 
G 7 8 - 1 4 
H 7 8 - 1 4 

SIZE 
G 7 8 - 1 5 
H 7 8 - 1 5 
L 7 8 -1 5 

PREMIUM STEEL RADIAL WHITEWALL 

SIZE 
B R 7 o - 1 3 
E R 7 o -1 4 
G R 7 o - 1 4 
G R 7 o - 1 5 
H R 7 o -1 5 

SIZE 
F R 7 8 - 1 4 
G R 7 8 -1 4 
H R 7 8 - 1 4 
G R 7 8 -1 5 
H R 7 8 - 1 5 
J R 7 8 - 1 5 
L R 7 8 - 1 5 

PREMIUM BELTED WIDE-WIDE TIRES 
3o 

SIZE 
A 7 o - 1 3 
E 7 o - 1 4 
F 7 o - 1 4 
G 7 o - 1 4 
H 7 o - 1 4 
G 7 o - 1 5 
H 7 o - 1 5 

SIZE 
A 6 o - 1 3 
F 6 o - 1 4 
G 6 o - 1 4 
H 6 o - 1 4 
G 6 o -1 5 
H 6 o - 1 5 

USE YOUR CREDIT CARD 

PICKUP-VAN-R/V TRUCK TIRES 

SIZE 
P LY 

6 7 o - 1 5 
6 
$ 2 3 . o o 

7 o o - 1 5 
6 
$ 2 6 . o o 

6 5 o - 1 6 
6 
$ 2 5 . o o 

7 o o - 1 6 
6 
$ 2 8 . o o 

7 o o - 1 6 
6 
$ 3 2 . o o 

7 5 o - 1 6 
8 
$ 3 5 . o o 

SIZE 
P IY 
PRICE 

I 1 -1 5 LT 
6 
$ 4 9 . o o 

1 2 -1 5 LT 
6 
5 7 . o o 

8 . 7 5 - 1 6 . 5 
8 
4 8 . o o 

9 . 5 o - 1 6 . 5 
8 
5 o . o o 

1 o -1 6 .5 
8 
5 2 . o o 

1 2 -1 6 .5 
12 
6 5 . o o 

ALL SALES SUBJECT TO STOCK ON HAND 

SALE PRICES EFFECTIVE THRU M A Y 14TH. 

M OUNTING AND BALANCING SERVICE AVAILABLE 

VISIT OUR WAREHOUSE BEFORE YOU BUY 
PHONE 224-4oo1 
THE TIRE STORE 
19o6 S. FLORES 
( CORand ^oNrMTAR ) 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday May 2 I 977 

H igh School B aseball 

Here are the results of the eighth w eekly 
Bxpress-News high school baseball poll. Writers voting used a 1o-9-8 7-65-4-3-71 system tor first, second, third, fourth, etr, Number of first ploce votes, record and number of Points are located at the right of team. 

Highlands 
? 3 
Wheatley 
2 3 
Burbank 
I 
* 
Fox Tech 
o 5 
(X denotes first round champion! 

8 t3 
o 
5 19 
o 
3 18 
o 
9 12 
2 

TOP TEN 
1. Jefferson (61(22-2-1) 
2. Marshall (36-7) 
3. Holmes (17-5-1) 
<t. Roosevelt (16-6-7) 
5 South San (14-7-1) 
6 Churchill (17-7-1) 
7 MacArthur (15-8-1) 
8. Central Catholic (14-64) 
9 Lanier (16 8) 
IO. McCollum (15-8 I) 

DISTRICT 32 AAAA 

6o 
54 
46 
44 
38 
2418 
1612 
IO 

Team 
Roosevelt 
Churchill 
MacArthur 
Clemens 
Lee 
San Marcos 
Alamo Heights. 
Seguin 

District 
W 
L 
9 
3 
4 
5 
5 
6 
7 
9 
9 

Season 
W L T 
16 
7 
17 
7 
15 
8 
16 12 
12 ll 
13 15 
7 IS 
6 16 
I 

OTHERS R E C E IV IN G V O T E S- H o ly Cross (18 8) 
6. Jay (13-11) 4. 

MONDAY S G AM ES 
District 3o-AAAA 
Marshall at Edgewood, 4: IS 
Holmes vs. Ja y. Inselmann Field, 7:3o, 

District 27-AA 
Bandera at Smithson Valley, 7:3o. 

Non District 
Medina Valley at Cole, 4:15. 

IN D IVID U A L P E R FO R M A N C ES 

No-Hitters — 
Raley, McCollum; Moose, Ma raholl; Garcia, South San, Sanchez, Xennedv; 
Blair, Southwest; Hohensee, Judson; Taiamantez, 
Roosevelt; Martin, MacArthur (lost); Espinosa 
Villanueva (com bined), Lan ier; Colley Xuane 
(combined), St. Anthony 

DISTRICT 13 AAA W EST 
District 
Team w 
L 
Uvalde 
8 
I 
Kerrville Tivy 
6 
3 
South San West 
6 
4 
Southwest 
5 
4 
Carrizo Sorings 
4 
5 
Crystal City 
2 
8 
Fredricksburg 
I 
7 

District 13 AAA EAST 
(Second Round) 
District 
Team w 
L 
X Pleasanton 
3 
o 
N B Convon 
2 
I 
Gonzales 
2 
I 
New Braunfels 
I 
2 
Southside 
o 
2 
Cuero 
o 
2 
(X denotes first round champion) 

Season 
W L T 
23 
I 
o 
IS 
8 
o 
13 
7 
o 
IO 
7 
o 
12 9 
o 

6 14 
o 

Season 
W L T 
16 
7 
o 
15 
8 
I 
7 15 
o 
12 l l 
8 
9 13 
o 
2 16 
o 

TCIL 3-AAA 
Final Standings 

STANDINGS 
D ISTRICT 29 AAAA 
District Season 
Team 
X Laredo Martin 
South San 
Judson 
X McCollum 
Laredo Nixon 
X Harlandale 
X East Central 
(X-denofes tie) 

W L T 
17 
5 
I 
14 
7 
I 
15 ll 
o 
15 
8 
I 
IO Ii 
I 
8 12 
2 
o 25 
I 

Team x-Centrol Catholic 
Holy Cross 
X St. Gerard's 
Y Antonian 

Season w 
L 
6 
2 
5 
4 
3 
5 
2 
5 
(X denotes tie. Y denotes two ties.) 

TCIL 3-A A 
Final Standings 

Team 
X St. Anthony 
(X denotes champion) 

Season 
W 
L 
2 
o 

DI5RICT 3o AAAA 
District 
Season 
Team 
W 
L 
W 
L T 
X Marshall 
3 
o 
16 
7 o 
Holmes 
3 
1 
17 
5 I 
Jay 
3 
1 
13 ll o 
Kennedy 
J 
2 
12 12 o 
Edgewood 
2 2 
5 16 
o 
Del Rio 
2 
3 ll 16 o 
Eagle Pass l l 
8 12 
o 
Memorial 
o 
5 
2 2o o 
(X denotes first round champion) 

D ISTRICT 31 AAAA 
Second Round 

DISTRICT 27-AA 
Second Round 

Team 
Cote 
Smithson Valley 
Boerne 
Bandera 
Hays Consol. 

District 
W 
L 

DISTRICT 28-AA 

Team 
X .Jefferson 
Lanier 
Edison 
Houston 

District 
Seoson 
W L 
W L T 
5 
o 
4 
I 
3 
2 
3 
2 

22 
2 
I 
16 
8 o 
13 
9 o 
13 
9 I 

Team 
Medina Valley 
Pearsall 
Hondo 
Poteet 
Somerset 
Cotulla 
Devine 

District 
W 
L 
6 
o I 
3 
4 
4 
5 
6 
3 ll 
o 

Win RTSA Cash! 
“Number 
That 
Tune” 

 co_i 

< 
I— 
LU 
O 

CCo 
LL 
< 
CO 

O 
I— z 
LU h* 
CO 

OFFICIAL 
FAVORITE MUSIC NUMBERS 

F O R 

Monday, May 2nd Through Sunday May 8th. 1977 

TH IS 
W EEK 
LAST 
W EEK 

I 
Don’t Give Up On Us . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. David Soul 
I 
2 
Hotel California . 
. 
. 
. 
2 
3 
Rich G i r l ........................ 
3 
4 
Isn’t She Lovely (L P.) . 
. 
. 
. 
. Stevie Wonder 
4 b 
Southern Nights . 
. 
. 
. 
11 
6 
Evergreen (A Star Is Born) 
. 
. 
Barbra Streisand 
5 
7 
Don’t Leave Me This Way . 
. 
. 
Thelma Houston 
7 
8 
The Things We Do For Love 
IO 
9 
When I Need You 
. 
. 
19 
IO 
Enjoy Yourself 
. 
. 
. 
. 
6 
11 
So In To Y o u ................... 
Atlanta Rhythm Section 
16 
12 
I Like Dreamin’ 
. 
. 
Kenny Nolan 
8 
13 
Night M o v e s .................... 
Bob Sager 
9 
14 
Year Of The Cat 
. 
12 
15 
Fly Like An Eagle 
13 
16 
Dancing Queen 
. 
. 
14 
17 
Blinded By The Light 
. 
. 
15 
18 
Torn Between Two Lovers 
. 
. 
Mary MacGregor 
17 

19 
New Kid In Town. 
, 
. 
.......................Eagles 
18 
2o 
Right Time Of The Night 
. 
. 
Jennifer Warnes 
27 

21 
Love Me 
. 
2o 
22 
Weekend In New England 
. Barry Manilow 
21 
23 
Lost Without Your Love 
....................... Bread 
22 
24 
Walk This Way 
. 
. 
. 
. 
23 

25 
H o tlin e............................ 
24 

26 
After The lovin' 
. 
. 
. 
Englebert Humperdinck 
25 
27 
Car W a s h ........................ 
26 
28 
I’m Your Boogie Man 
. 
K C. & The Sunshine Band 
.... 

29 
You Don’t Have To Be A Star 
. 
. 
McCoo Ut Davis 
28 
3o 
Dazz 
............................. 
29 

$ Jackpot Records# 

*4 2 
FLY R O B IN F L Y ....................... $55o 

*5 o 
5o WAY TO LEA VE YOU R LOVER . . . . $55o 

*7 3 
SHOP A R O U N D ...........................S55o 

When you hear THE CASH SOUND and THE 
JACKPOT RECORD is played, be the first person to call and give the correct number of 
THE JACKPOT RECO RD to win the prize listed with each JA C KPO T RECORD. Number 
That Tune rules apply. 

“NUMBER THAT TUNE” 

R U L E S OF THE C O N T E ST 

Each contest will start only when KTSA plays THE 
CASH SOUND broadcast frequently on KTSA. The record playing when you hear the CASH SOUND is the Contest Record. To win you must be the first person to call KTSA and correctly give the number of the contest record listed on the current KTSA O FFIC IA L 
H IT LIST. 
The 
O FFIC IA L 
HIT LIST changes after every seven days. To win you must give the number correctly of the record as listed on the O FFIC IA L 
HI T LIST dated for the seven day period during which each contest is being played. Dates change each week 

 and appear on the front of the Hitlist. Contest numbers to call are 47o-55 55 in San Antonio and long distance 

 toll free 
1-8oo-292-522o. 
One winner per contest. 
Decision of KTSA is final. 

Contest Numbers: 
San Antonio 47o-5555 
Toll-Free 1-8oo 292-522o 

LUzo 
X 
OL 
LU 
-J 
LU 
F— 

CC 
D 
O 
> 

CC 

< 
LUz 

LU 
> 
< 
CO a 

Foyt skids 

A.J. 
Foyt skids sideways during 
Sunday’s 
Talladega 
5oo. His car blew an; engine after 19 laps. 
No one was hurt in the mishap. — AP 
Wirephoto 

“MY ENGINE RAN 
WHEN IT WAS OFF 
I’d switch the ignition off but the engine wouldn’t stop. Instead it sputtered, rocked and coughed. Then I discov­ ered 
W Y N N S " 
SPIT 
FIRE. Now my troubles are over,’’ writes a hap­ py user. 
Yes, engine 
“ after run’’ caused by heavy carbon buiid-up can be not only exasp­ erating, but downright dangerous mechanical­ ly. So be kind to your car and yourself. Add a can of W Y N N ’S SPIT­ 
FIRE to your gas tank today. 
Now available at all T G & Y FAMILY 
STORES. 
Stock1 

District 
W L T 
14 
6 4 
18 
8 o 
IO 
9 I 
6 
16 2 

District 
W L T 
15 
4 
o 

Season 
W L T 
9 9 
o 
8 11 
o 
IO 
9 
o 
4 13 
o 
1o IO 
o 

Season 
W L T 
15 6 
o 
14 
6 o 
15 
9 
o 
7 11 
o 
IO 13 
o 

 race close 

T A LLA D EG A , 
Ala. 
(A P) — Darrell Waltrip blocked Gale Yarborough nearly into the wall on the final lap and pre­ served a narrow victory over Yarborough, Benny 
Parsons and Donnie Al­ lison in a hectic finish to 
Sunday’s $2411,(1oo W in­ ston 5oo stock car race. 
W altrip took a car length lead from Allison with ll laps to go and managed to keep his three pursuers just be­ hind him by blocking, diving low on the track to try to break the draft, and keeping his Chevro­ let floored. 
On the final lap, W al­ trip dove low on the track, as if he were run­ ning a qualifying lap. 
Yarborough, who was running third, jumped alongside Allison going down the backstretch, then pulled alongside 
Waltrip going into turn three, 4 
W altrip moved up to cut him off, forcing Yar­ borough to swerve and back off. 
Foyt 
Pole position winner 
A .J. Foyt was unlucky enough to spin in turn three when an engine blew on his car after 19 laps, but lie was lucky enough to have David 
Pearson be the car right behind him. The savvy 
Pearson made a lightn­ ing quick manuever, veering down into the in­ field grass, to miss Foyt and potential disaster. 
A spin by rookie Peter 
Knab in turn four /r n lap 
6U brought out another caution flag, during which sportsman driver 
L D. Ottinger replaced veteran Cecil Gordon, who was ailing. 
Bears nip 
'Texas 

WACO (A P ) - Left- fielder Leonard Woods slugged a two-out solo home run in the bottom of the Nth inning Sunday to give the Baylor Bears a 3-2 victory over Texas iii the final regular-sea- son Southwest Confer­ ence baseball game for bol h teams. 
The victory gave 
Baylor a 
15-9 
SWC record, good enough for third place ahead of z\r- kansas’ 14-1o mark in the final standings. 
The Bears will play second-place Texas in the first round of the SWC postseason tournament, w hile Arkansas will meet regular-season champion 
Texas A&M. 
Texas managed only three hits off three 
Baylor pitchers, but the 
Longhorns led 2-o going into the eighth inning on the strength of a solo homer by Mickey Rei- chenbach and an un­ earned run. 
Baylor struck back to tie the game in the eighth on a two-run single by 
Duncan Shanklin with two outs. , 
Baylor’s third pitcher, 
Don Brazen, picked up the victory with two in­ nings of relied work. 
Reichenbaeh, who had two separate pitching stints in the game, was the victim of Woods’ homer. 
Texas is now 45-7 for the season and finished 
17-7 in conference play. 
Baylor is 36-12 for the season. 

Texas OOO o1o o1o OOO OOO oo- 2 3 o 
Baylor o OOO OOO 2oo OOO OI—3 12 4 
Sch ae fe r, Reichenbaeh (7 ), 
Brizzolora (8), A. Walker ( ll) , K. 
W alker ( l l ) , Reichenbaeh (12) and K e arn e y. Nolan, Roberts 
(IO), Brazen (12) and Czlmskev. 
W —Brazen, 2-2. L— Reichenbaeh, 
4-1. H R —Texas, Reichenbaeh; 
Savior, Woods. A—2,1oo. 

/ 
* 
Great Buys are in the Bag al UNIROYAL! 

FIRST TIME IN SAN ANTONIO! 

TIRE-WHEEL COMBINATION 
UNIROYAL LAND-TRAC 
SIZE 1o-15 4-PLY RWL 
WHITE SPOKE WELD-WHEEL 15x8 

SPRING 
SPECIAL! 

$ 
F 
9 

COMPLETE ASSEMBLY 

% 
I. 

IF ’ 

Plus F.E.T. 
& wheel hardware 

2 GAL. 
SAFETY 
GAS 
CAN 

>/ 
- rr— -- 

IHI 

I 
Gonzales Tire & 
I 
Muffler 
2623 Culebra Rd. 432-8511 
| 
(W EST) 

Hom ann-W illiam s 
Tire 
1 71 o Austin Hw y. at 
Eisenhauer 
8 2 4 -2 4 1 3 NORTHEAST 

Mezzetti Tire 
Company 
6239 San Pedro 342-9521 
(NORTHSIDE) 

Keller Tire 
Company 
4oo S. Flores 226-41 ll 
(D O W N T O W N ) 

Hi-Gear, Inc. 

644o No Expwy ((HIO) 

(BALCONES HEIGHTS) 736-2856 

Earl Wheeler Tire 
Service 
4 3 o 2 B roadw ay 
826-1 572 (ALAMO HEIGHTS) 

Schneider Tire 
A Auto 
226o So. WW White Rd. 
3 3 3 - 9 3 o 1 (SOUTHEAST) 

Keller’s Alam o 
Tire Center 
6o1 N. Alamo 225-3291 
D O W N T O W N ) 

Sagebiels 

Court & Travis 379-1151 

L 
(SEG U IN ) 

Keller Tire 
Northside 
8719 Broadway 8 2 8 -5 7 4 7 
(I blk North of Loop 41o) 

Arts Atlas 
335o Fredericksburg 
7 3 6 -4 5 1 6 
(N ORTH W EST) 

Prices shown available at 
Gonzales Tire & Muffler. 

See your independent dealer for his price. 
J