gig 

Story, rage IF 

NOW! There's MUCH MORE Up for Grabs in Our Giant 

VALUABLE PRIZES ★ UP TO $1,ooo CASH SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
★ A TRIP FOR TWO TO MEXICO CITY! Detail*, Col. a 

Golden 
Gloves 
Hsults 

Details, Page IF 

FORECAST 

Fair, cool. Hi sh, upper 
6os. Low, mid"3os. 

Thursday's temperatures in Column 2 
Details, l'as/e SB 
San Antonio Express 

T e x a s1 g re a te st m orning n e w sp ap e r 

EXCLUSIVE W IRE SERVICES: A SSO C IA TED p r e s s , n e w y o r k t im e s s e r v ic e , w a s h i n g t o n POST SERVICE, LOS ANGELES TIMES 
SERVICE. N E W SD A Y SERVICE, AG ENCE FRANCE PRESSE, MANCHESTER G U A R D IA N SERVICE, L O N D O N TIMES SERVICE 
HBG aide: Someone wants to bury JFK probe 

SPfcCIAL T O THf t XPRT SS 
WASHINGTON, D C. — The move to end the H ouse A ssassination Com­ mittee is aimed ut killing the John F. 
Kennedy m u r d e r investigation* a sjMtkesmtn tor I S. Rep. Henry B. 
Gonzalez said Thursday. 
" I f s incredible what’s happening 

 here.” the spokesman said. “ There's every indication that plenty of people are running seared.” 
G onzalez. c h a irm a n of the controversial co m m ittee , shocked many in Congress W ednesday* w hen he suddenly resigned in the midst of a battle with Chiel Counsel 
Richard 

' Sprague. 
The spokesman said. “ There's an undercurrent behind the desire to terminate the committee, and that's to kill the Kennedy investigation. 
“ Some efforts are under way to keep the (Martin Luther) King Investigation open. mainly to appease black voters. 

But they definitely want to keep the status quo on the Kennedy killing." 
Gonzalez, confined with illness to his 
San Antonio home, was unavailable for comment. Gail Beagle, Gonzalez’ ad­ ministrative assistant, said he was expected in Washington, D.C.. next week. 

Numerous reports, verified by con­ gressional workers, indicate several 
Congressmen on the committee are afraid of Sprague. 
They fear what Sprague might di­ vulge if he is fired in a showdown with 
Gonzalez on the House floor, one worker said. 

He would not speculate on just what information Sprague might release, however. 
House Speaker Thomas O’Neill said 
Gonzalez’ resignation could be accept­ ed only by a vote of the full House, hut 

CLERK CAPTIVE 

By CECIL (LIFT 
A teen-aged sporting g o o d s store clerk was abducted al gunpoint by a customer using a gun shown hun by the clerk, police reported Thursday night. 
The teen-ager was still missing early 
Friday morning. 
The bizarre incident — which police 

 said had no apparent motive — oc­ curred about 8 p.m. at O sh m an ’s 
Sporting Goods, 727 NU HIHO near 
Blanco Road. 
According to accounts given police, a young blond man walked into the store and began talking with clerk Steve 
Smith, 19. about the purchase of a gun. 
-The customer reportedly w as exa­ 

 mining a .357 magnum pistol when a moment later, he brandished it in the direction of Smith and ordered the clerk outside, witnesses said. 
Once outside Smith was forced into his own car, described as a 19H5 or 19H(i w hite C hevro let 
M alibu with a primer-red hood. 
The ear proceeded west on the HIHO 

F R A N K 
H A Y E S le a v e s 
U.S. 
Courthouse after court a p p e a r* once 
S T A M P H O T O S BV J O H N T A R S H IS 
Hayes faces mental testing 

By BILL MINTZ 

F o r m e r C a stro v ille Police 
Chief Frank Hayes will In* exa­ mined by a psychiatrist to de- tqnniiu* whether lie is mentally competent to stand trial for al­ leged criminal civil rights vio­ lations 

H a y e s is scheduled lo be examined by Dr John G. Sparks of W ll ford Hall 
I SAC Medical Center March ll to de. 
I ermine it he IS sane now and if he was sane at the time ol the sh o o tin g death til Richard M o ra le s 

H ayes is c h a rg e d with violating 
M orales’ civil rig h ts when he killed 
Morales while Morales was a prisoner 
111 111*' custody, 

Innocent pleas 

Hayes wilt1, Dorothy Foley Hayes. anti lier sister. Alice Baldwin, pleaded innocent Thursday to c h a rg e s thev 

 access road toward Blanco Road, po* lice were told. 
According to reports given police, one of the other store employes fol­ lowed the duo outside, thinking the incident was a joke. 
Police said no one knew whether the gun was loaded, although Robbery Del. 
Jam es Hildebrand said the customer apparently would have had tim e to load the gun 

“ Right now all we have is a lot of speculation, bul nothing concrete as far as motive,” Hildebrand added. 
Police bejan a search for the youth’s auto, and a sheriff’s deputy reportedly spotted it at one time in an apartment complex on the North Side, hut appar­ ently lost sight of the vehicle. 
Police said it was not known how tin* customer arrived at the store. A search was continuing early Friday, 
Hill eyes suit over split o f aquifer order 

MRS. HAYES, right, a cco m p a n ie s M rs. B a ld w in afte r T h u rsd ay a rra ig n m e n t 

Bv DICK MERKEL 
CHIO IxRRlbS CAROCH Bust AU 
AUSTIN - The Texas Water 
Q uality Board T h u r s d a y a p ­ proved s e p a r a t e re g u la to r y orders lot* each of the seven counties located over th e Ed­ wards aquifer and its recharge zone. 
There was immediate indication the 
Texas Attorney General's Of!ice may hie suit against the TUQB over it*' action. 

Following the TWQB's unanim ous vole, Asst. Atty Gen Troy Webb said 

 were a c c e s s o r i e s alter t h e fact iii the shooting. 

Mrs 
Hayes allegedly transmuted 
Morale s ’ body to t h e i r family farm iii 
East T exas, w here the two women buried it in a shallow grave 

< hie! I s Bist. Ju d g e Adrian A. 
Sjjeurs did not arraign Hayes after or­ dering the psychiatric examination 
Assi 
I s Atty John V Pinckney 

Council OKs settlement of $5oo million gas suit 

GOOD MORNING 

Index 
( Tioekle 

Xetion E x p r e s s ..................... 
Heard about the new recipe 
A r t s ............................... .. 
. I-3D real sponge cake? N on born 
Xsiroiogy ............................ 
. . . ID tin* ingredients 
Bridge.,........... 
. . . II 
Business, I inaner ............... . . . I B t alite (Tatter .......................... 
R 
(mines ...................... 
. . . ll) 
( rossw ord Puzzle 
.. . ID 
THURSDAY * Tfe MHf KATuHfc 

Deaths ................................ *. 
. . 7 B 
Editorials.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . l b V 
.Markets .................................. . J I B 
Newsmakers .......................... ... 2A 
Scene.................. 
. LSE 
Sports 
................................ . I IF television........................ 
I healers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DTD 
Want Vds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ieTHD 
W eather------. . . . ................. .. 
J U 
I H T H YEAR 

(ULI MN IST* 
N O 9 9 
Jack \nderson ................ 
.. 
6 8 P A G E S 
Vttn Landers ..................... • 
. . . SE 
H a m Robinson 
. . . Ii 
Ruddy Stinson...................... 
, IX 
T C L I C H ON K t 
*>4«» «t i t « * •<• 
Dr. De* Hmm*son . . . . . . . 
.. ll 
"'♦Hi ii • m V o ii, | ||j 
| , { rf, 

DID VOL KNUW Ii you r n cive home delivery rn the i xpress anti s 

T 

I v|»t* s v \c w s ll m on wilt bring you the evening News for a mouth DM. vt ti per month I all 22 m il I for prompt delivery 

By JIM WOOD f * tty < un ne ii app ro v ed an o ut*of'Court settlem ent T h u r s ­ day of the million lawsuit against the city’s g a s supplier, 
Lo-\ ava Gathering (’n. and its parent. Coastal Slates Gas Corp 
( oiincii action cam e on a H-J vole following a morning of heated discus. 
Sion and political maneuvering. 
Atter the vote was taken, Beatrice 
G allego. president of C om m unities 
Organized lot Public Service which opposed settlement, shouted from the audience "You have just told the |h*o- 

 pie to go t«i hell 

Council also passed a resolution committing it to a winter gas rate re- duet ion with details to he spelled out no later than M ardi JI 
Conned spin <in this resolution with some m em b ers saving it should be considered separately from the ju s settlement issue 
Mayor Pro Tem Henry < is Heros vot­ ed against it because lie wanted a de­ tailed plan approved Thursday. "This will intl insure rate rebel comment* nj ( iinterns who had drawn up a plan lo give winter discounts from a special fund 
Sunday is bonus day 

Because the relief package was not spelled out. he purled Councilmen Al 
Rohde and Richard Ten lent e in voting against final settlement 
\ oting to settle 
\ tiling to settle the fuo-y eur-«dd lawsuit were Mayor Lily Cockrell, who said the decision must be marie alite nugh some citizens won I like it the 
Rev Claude \\ Black; Glen Hartman. who proposed a compromise ran relict resolution after the council got filing up on the or iginal one Bob Dilia, D. Ford 
Nielsen and Phil Pyndus. who made the on gloat motion to approv e 
“ Neither settlement nor bankrupcy will g u a ra n te e a re d uction in gas 
See OI I HE ID I H i. Page ll \ 

“ the attorney general’s office will cer­ tainly look at the option of tiling suit." 

Webb, who heads the attorney gen­ e r a l ’s Environmental Protection Di­ vision, said the suit must be tiled w ithin JO days but said a decision might not be made until sometime late next week. 

It suit is filed, it will murk the first time i i i recent history the attorney general has filed suit against a stale agency his office is normally experted to defend against court action. 

Webb, who appeared on behalf of 
Atty. Gen. John Hill to oppose the 
T W GB action, soul the suit, lf Bled, would charge the new orders an* dis* criminatory. 

Order replaced 

T hursday s action by the TWQB re­ places the 
Jan. 
28, 
1975, single regulatory order and replaces it with seven separate orders for Bexar. Hay's, 
Comal. Kendall, Medina. I valde and 
Kinney counties. 
The o rd er c on trols d ev elo p m en t, land list* and building standards over 
Hit* aquifer and its recharge zone. 
T he Edwards aquifer is San Anton­ ie % sole source of water, and the rWQB’s action Thursday was strongly opposed by the city us well as Bexar 
< minty 
Opponents 
The city aud county were joined in their opposition by the Edwards Task 
I mve the San Antonio River Authori­ ty . the Edwards Adulter Protection 
\ **s11 .cid the South Texas I Papier of the sierra Club 
Mso opposing ti Thursday, and at a previous hearing in IN aide, were the san Antonio and San Marcos League* of Women Voters, Medina, Kendall, 
Set* VHI H ER. Page UA 

Readers of the Express and The 
News can be lucky winners in the big s Mi inn! Sweepstakes 
77 with extra 
I sn i Us prizes Sunday 
Sunday s 
E x p r e s s - N e w s boun* num ber will be worth a 25 inch Q uasar color television with remote eon I rot and a new Litton Memory nudie nil* t row ave oV ell, 
Ii the lucky winner is a subset titer to i»Mh ut iii** daily papers x5UU in cash wit) I** awarded a- aiuMHei bonus Ii you Mjbst ribc to one «M Die da dies vt a. wilt be awarded 
Vise the sweepstake* super Bonus 
Number \prt! 34 writ I* worth ll non to prizes plus a sutler in bonus for 

I IIM 
Un lf I, UUU boti Us i 

 number thai Sunday will receive a trip tor two to Mexico I Tty plus * >ou in cash it you subsc ribe to one ut the patters It you subset'I Ire to bulb papers you win the trip to Mesa o • ny plus si ion* 
So ii you subscribe to bulb paper* and have the lilt k> Sweepstakes Supe i 
C auls Number April 24, you v\d! i cive si uuu hi prizes, a trtp to Me f tty Un I vv<* aud si UUU in * a* ii \ si ll nm Im* t 
Alt I nutria i - i 
Hu tm in iii iii merchant rk Iii the I Xpl fo r additum 
M is ta k e * tty uunriicfs I * i.e t»*V 

 r e 

Ii o 

M I 

 hie 

 riled ds 
I ideate; fin adv or I is 

 ai i ♦ < 
111* 

Geraldo Rivets reveals lot the first time: 
The death wish of 
Freddie Prinze in your big 
Sunday Express-News 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
Jean Stapleton favors 
ERA for Edith Bunker 
Edith Hunker would embrace the 
Equal Hights Amendment "ii it were explained to her." says Jean 
Stapleton, the actress who plays the subm issive and slightly I laky female lead rd the television co­ medy “ All In The Fam ily." 
"She would leap to it." Miss 
Stapleton told the Washington Press 
Club. "She is the very soul of jus­ tice." 
M iss Stapleton said she w ants the 
E d ith Bunkers of America to sup­ 

 port the EHA. rejected by the North 
Carolina Legislature this week. 
“ We can t be discouraged." she said. “ You just have to move on it harder 
M iss Stapleton, who has been crusading for the EH \ for two 
Nears, said she hopes a series of state conferences on women will generate new support for the KHA. which has been ratified by 35 states and needs approval bv three more bv March 21. 1979 
Pastor savs Gospel for all 

The Hex 
Bruce E d w a rd s , until recently pastor of the Plains, (la . 
Baptist Churi'h attended by P r e s i­ dent ( arter, says "the (dispel is not for any select group of people.” 
Preaching Wednesday night af 
Tuskegee Institute in Tuskegee. 
Ala., the JU-year-old pastor said. "II we are not happy bv mg here among 

 one amil hoi-, then we won t be happy there iii heaven cither." 
Say ing he resigned because of his church's opposition to desegrega­ tion. the minister said. " I don't claim to he a courageous person ll the truth he known. I ve been seared through the whole ordeal 

BtKIS 
H IK TI VI 
WI. 
SAT. 
■OM 

 lim ! liyKtt 
RortHftteq at Htiler#*! toa'K fttea $ W M edary Of a ' M aa*an'a« I d — Oa a » , l,« Saar* 
OtwniftwK AOS I Maw*!** S' 
Oy»»n>» S u b * y % 

SPECIALS GOOD 

CIGARETTES 

WTB 
UNGS 
” 
■J uaavtiai 
WU 
NON! m u m 

Downtown-Southside & Northside 
FRIDAY, SATURDAY A MONDAY 

2 65 VALUE 
GILLETTE 

TRAC ll 
SHAVING CARTRIDGE 

PKG OF 9 'S 

4 19 VALUE 

NEW-UPJOHN S 

S t ' V 
UNICAP 
VITAMIN 
TABLETS 
1oo+24 
FICI tO* *2” 

I 69 VALUE 

GII, YOUR 
HAIR SMELLS 
TERRIFIC" 

SHAMPOO 
OR 
CONDITIONER 
6 Oz. 

 ii 
J 1.75 VALUE 

- 
ALBERTO 
VOS 

HAIR 
DRESSING 
11 ? OZ. 

TUBE 

LARGE SIZE TUBE 

TOOTH PASTE 

2.19 VALUE 
ISILrn3 
I FEY* I as »*5 ’ 
I . a 

J E 

B O T T L E 
OF 
IOO 
TABLETS 
S R 19 

BONUS JAR OFFER 
PO N D S 

COLD CREAM 

6 . OZ 

 c 

PIMM* 
TONIC 
BIO 3 >o l f 
13 OZ rn 

HAU S 
COUGH CHOPS 
BIG SB 
BAG Of 3o 
3 9 - 

4 6 OZ 
TUBE 57 
< 

2 39 VALUE 
TONI 
PERMANENT 

REGULAR. 
GENTLE 
SUPER 

2 59 VALUE 

GILLETTE 
RIGHT 
GUARD 
DEODORANT 
SPRAY 
12 OZ 

$ 1 6 9 

THI WIT oms" 
MOIST TOW EL!M IS 
BIG I 39 g O t 
7o% 
OO 

IZO 
DIN TUBE POWDER 
BIG I OO 
K A I 
3 OZ 
R Y 

SPECIAL VALUE 

MISS 
BRECK 
HAIR SPRAY 

 l l OZ. 
77* 

I 19 VALUE 

VASELINE 
PETROLEUM JELLY 
7>, OZ 

JAR 

 c 

Q;tips 

2 o9 

VALUE 

Q- 
TIPS 

4oo s 
SS1 

BAYIR 
COLO TABLETS 
B IG I 49 
* 
Q< 

6 9 ' 

FIORICA 
WATER no s f 19 
I i O ................. 
I 
NORTHSIDE RAYLESS 
OPEN 9 A.M. TO 9 P.M. 
BANDERA AT H IUCREST SPECIALS GOOD FRI. SAT. MON. 

S TRACK PORTABLE 
TAK PUVtR with ut m oil) 

Retiring U .S . A m b assad o r Anne 
Armstrong laughs after looking at a scrapbook presented to her by the 
London Embassy staff to mark her year as a diplomat. Thursday was her last day. 

Joan 
Little is disciplined 

Joan Utile, acquitted in 1975 fur murdering her jailer, has been disciplined fur disobeying orders at the state women’s prison af Ra­ leigh. N.C., where she is serving time for breaking and entering. 
“ She was charged with failing to obey an order and with failing to perform her assigned duties.” said prison administrator Louis Powell. 
“ A disciplinary panel found her guilty and has given her extra work duty as a result." 
Miss Little. '23. who entered prison in January* I MTH to serve a 
7-lo-Hl year sentence, was eligible to participate in a work release pro­ gram but bad not yet been assigned to job outside the prison. 
Powell said the incident, which occurred on a yard detail, was not serious enough to keep her out of the work release program. 
Miss Little persuaded a jury at lier widely publicized trial that she fatally stabbed a jailer during an escape to avoid a sexual assault. 
Fashion critics criticized 

"Frankly, my dear. I couldn't give a . . ." was Margaret Tru­ deau’s reply when asked about cri­ ticism by American fashion de­ signers of tin* short dress she wore to a formal White House dinner. 
"Look. I inst don’t care what the 
American designers thought." said the 'JS-year-old wife of Prime Min­ ister 
Pierre 
Flliott 
Trudeau. 

"What I wear is nobody’s business bul my own." 

The question came at a Montreal fashion show organized by Tru­ deau's Liberal party. She was wearing one of the dresses that was said to have shocked the American experts, a tight-fitting, below-the* knee sequined sheath. 
Amin continues bloody purge o f Christians 

NAIROBI. Kenya (A P I — Refugees from Uganda claimed on Thursday that President Mi Anim is continuing a bloody purge of Christian tribes iii bis troubled Fast African country. 
Kenyan church sources in touch with 
American missionaries in Uganda, however, said they have received no reports of Americans being molested and that missionaries there appear determined to remain in the country aud continue their work. 
Other missionaries, they said. are wailing in neighboring Kenya for a suitable time to go to Uganda. 
Killings 
The sources stressed that indepen­ dent confirmation of refugee reports is difficult to obtain and there is no ac­ curate estimate of the number of per­ sons killed. 
Reports reaching Nairobi from refugees recently arrived from Uganda said Amin s purge of Acholi and Langi tribesmen and other Christians in­ volved widespread killings and a r­ rests. 
A spokesman for the Roman Catholic 
Holy Cross Order, which has 35 Aliter* lean missionaries in Uganda, said iii 
Nairobi: 
" I speak to them (the missionaries) every day. They are iii very good spirits and are alt slaying in Uganda, 
Nobody has pressed the panic button yet." 
Several have relumed to the country ill the past few days. lie said. 
In another development Thursday , a 
K tin an newspaper quoting We s t 
Oerman intelligence sources said a spectacular hijack was to have been staged at I camia s Kntebbe Airport to coincide with an expulsion of Amer­ ican nationals from Uganda. The report was discounted abroad. 
The newspaper, the mass*circulaliun 
Daily Nation. said it had reliable in­ formation that a plane was to be provided by the Ugandans after Amin ordered the Americans to leave the 
I country during a meeting he had scheduled with them earlier this week 
Mingle 
The plane would then have been hijacked by members of the Popular 
Front for the Liberation of Palestine 
I who would have mingled with the 
Americans before boarding the a ir­ craft, the newspaper said, 
The American and West German em bassies iii Nairobi said they had no j information on the alleged hijack plan 

Howard Hughes was warden of 
!»i<; his own prison 
JL 
• The Howard Hughes mystery has 
WASHINGTON taken an ugly turn. 
The late billionaire, once a daredev il pilot and a dashing Hollywood pro­ ducer. became a living skeleton in Ins last years, a grotesque, shrunken de­ hydrated shadow of the man he had been. 
The Mexican authorities told us he died of criminal neglect. 
Now the U.S. authorities are trying to determine whether his aides en­ riched themselves while they let him languish. 
Key to mystery 

The key to the mystery is contained in the private papers that the Mexican authorities confiscated, at our instiga­ tion. from his last penthouse prison in 
Acapulco. 
We also arranged for U S. tax agents to photograph the papers in Mexico 
City. 
The papers include a fascinating daily log of the billionaire's activities. 
Ile spent his last years watching a constant round of movies. 
He alternated between his bed and a lounging chair: he nibbled his food, sometimes taking hours to complete a sparse meal. The routine was punc­ tuated by painful, often prolonged trips to the bal broom. 
It is clear from the papers that 
Hughes was both the prisoner and the warden. 
He imprisoned himself in hlacked-out penthouses from the Bahamas to Nicaragua, from Vancouver to London. 
Issued orders 

 lack j 

A 
S 
Anderson 

 report on the food content of the lead­ ing dry cereals. 
_ 
** 
He concluded in a Feb. 8. 1974. leGfcr that "they are mostly carbohydrate with a small amount of vegetable pr<^ tem. For instance But* Wheats contoid more protein than most of the cereal* yet a 15-ounce box would provide about 
45 grams of soybean protein (approxi­ mately one-half the daily maintenance requirement for a man of your size. I" 
In July. 1973. aide Levar Myier was helping Hughes to the bathroom inH V 
London penthouse. Suddenly. Hie fragile Hughes lost his footing, crusted to the bathroom floor and broke a hit). 
It was the last time he would walk 
A year later. Hughes described tile 

The fa d in g Hughes constantly sought medical advice* tv hi th he seldom heeded 
. . 

San Antonio Express 
RufctfO’ed Mo-nla* 
Tinley e.<mp* lute# Out aim 
Tho, ft.y,,.ny Dor and not pabbthed an M i * CfexftTmat Day. 
N m Tm , i Un* 
Ow. w in , M u,m ay <**,ooyS F 't4 u r 
ATM "a* puSbtSw i on a M onday mfttm M y 4, O h a fe ta l Day 
N y * Tr*a* ft Day 'o f* an a 
Sunday 
By The typ ier Newt Co'pOTOhO" 

P O l a . 3 1 /1 
San A n to n * I t . u t 
Inn LM*! 
$t§H$ £*♦ 
AufHfiU# It? Alii 
'n vile ii* 2Jq < ‘un? ti 29 Jv !«■#*© 
I f i t * 
H» (6 jftHNHlMHlpM J# (DMIMM D*1 Ny** a 
I 
. M r *«..#, 
I* fcHjUDta tfaay# fa* 
|*f(R%%, X# 
H r* * this fir m Vp*.Jilter« *ffH Mjjfr 
MftfNNitAf** Id* ffftfnyttvDR 
**»§ 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RAUS 
I 
I'dpM'; 

I . y -'u 4 Sunder 
I .w arn On!. 

IS 4V 
>4 4) 
H O ' 
M 4* 
I J i i lo adat I 

6 Ma. 
EZE ii 
H i 9o 
4-o Ii 
%4 i OY l ' 6 IV 

OTHIR STAUS 
■rn t v 
'N Ow, rn 4 WatM 

I V MI • a '» Ob 
Hama Aft'1 ,n, mon 
W ‘4a< 
I i # 6 tm* rn 
EJ t9 tm* n e -.vt 

IV ll 
I ) to 
IV 44 
14 « tJ «• 

Pi 44 
I it i t 
IM 41 
146 VO ll* VI 

I f t 
154 14 lit I I 
1x4 56 
144 54 
P O Hi 

Pi it 
IP n 
P l tv 
P l 44 
I J J 44 

 l l 14 

RDRD KR KR Rd KR RD RD 6464*4KR Rr r r RRRRA 

Iii Bonn. a Foreign Ministry represen­ tative. noting the new paper report was allegedly based on a West German in­ telligence report, said no such report had been received by the ministry and added: 
"There seems to be a lot of wild speculation going on in Nairobi." 
Amin last week barred the Am er­ icans from leaving in apparent anger over President Carter’s statement that violations of human rights in Uganda 
“ have disgusted the entire civilized world." He later lifted the bar. 
At the same time he blocked any 
American departures from the country. Amin scheduled a meeting with all American residents. The Daily 
Nation said this meeting was to be the occasion for the expulsion which would lead to the hijacking. 
Amin lirst postponed the meeting and then called ii off completely when lie lifted the travel ban. 
The United States says there are some 24U Americans living iii Uganda, but Amin puts the figure at IOU. 
Econom y package approved 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - President 
Carter's p ro g ra m for economic stimulation passed preliminary tests 

 i i i the Senate and House on Thursday. 
First the Senate, by voice vote, aud then the House, on a '2'2ti-173 roll cull, agreed to amend the budget for the current year to allow $17 5 billion 

 i i i emergency spending and tax cuts. 
Later action will be required to ap­ prove the specific tax cuts and spend- ing programs. 
Republicans i i i both houses made clear that their vote lur the budget amendment did not commit them to support C arter’s tax-cut plan. but showed only that they see the need for some economic stimulus. 
Many Republicans favor a perman­ ent tax cut ruttier than the one-shot. t5U-per-person rebate proposed by 
Carter. 
The budget amendment accepted by both house's will raise federal spending iii the current fiscal year, which ends oil Sept. JU. to $417.5 billion That wilt mean a deficit of $89 8 billion 
The House delayed uni ll next Tues­ day consideration of Carter’s mmjified 
$l3.8-biilion plan of tax cuts, including rebates for 'JOO million Americans and a small permanent lax reduction for 45 million couples aud individuals. Plans for increasing federal spending by $3.7 billion over (lie next seven months are covered iii separate legislation 
When the tax-eut bill conies up for debate next week, an early vote is ex­ torted on a Republican effort to shelve 
Hic t arter rebate plan and substitute an $11 -tuition across-llie-lmurti |n*r- 

 i i i ai lent lax cut 
3 arrested; cocaine seized 

DALLAS IA P I — Three Dallas men were arrested and 18 ounces of high* quality cocaine confiscated by federal drug agents Wednesday night i i i a shopping center, authorities said today 

(he D LA Mid Hie men listed Dallas addresses 

He issued the orders, and they were obeyed explicitly. Some­ times the orders involved monumen­ tal. million-dollar matters. 
On Nov. 12. 1974. for instance, in­ structions went out from the penthouse to his top lieutenants. 
"lh* has a staggering plan of great importance regarding Las Vegas.’’ they were informed. 
They were ordered to be "available within 3 • 4 hours so that they can all start to work im m ediately oil Ins plan." 
This staggering idea, it turned out. was to construct a huge new Las Vegas liotel-casino complex surpassing all others iii magnificence. 
He had lust the right name for it: the 
Howard Hughes. 
Bul most of the billionaire s orders were much more mundane. 
Typical were these instructions, which he issued on Dec. 23. 1971: "His head pillow is to be inserted with the hard blue-green pillow next to his buck and the open end of the pillow case on 
Ins right (not the left as Indore). Also. larry the pillow by the bottom seam." 
Ills doctors provided him with drugs, which they warned were harmful. These nostrums, apparently. gave him Ins only release from Ins confinement. 
His lust conscious act. according to witnesses, was a feeble, pathetic at­ tempt to inject a hypodermic needle into his shriveled arm. He filially dropped the syringe helplessly. 
Medical advice 

Vet the fading Hughes constantly sought medical advice, which he sel­ dom heeded His doctors urged him to exercise, to regulate his activities, to cat more nourishing food. He never did 
In early 1974. he wanted to coniine 
Ins intake lo prepared cereals. 
"Please.’’ In* scrawled i i i his own handwriting, "have them research the serial (sic! field — either in F reeport. 
Miami, or LA . before I consume any more of that . . . meat. But psi* (sic! exercise all caution toward security." 
One of the four doctors who unended him. Dr. Norman Crane, produced a 

 surgery in his own handwriting. 
Walter Robinson, a distinguished Low* don surgeon, "performed a most diffi­ cult piece of surgery on my left lew which was broken ai the hip . . wrole Hit* bedridden billionaire. 
"T h e surgery involved driving*** steel spike right thru the bone constitute a joint and major structure of my leg at that point. 
"This surgery was performed ut tin 
London clinic, and I was under coffle plete anesthetic for 4 hours . . . I wrfv transported from the London Clime lo my present position in the Bahamas on a stretcher iii un ambulance and by plane accompanied by un expert and fully qualified doctor every inch of the way. 
"T h e point is I did not leave the stretcher anil prone position from time of surgery until arrived in Freeport until I was put in a bed, and I have not left that bcd up until and including this moment — not even going to the bath­ room.*’ 
No exercise 

Both doctors and aides tried to per­ suade Hughes to exercise and get back on Ins feet. But lie just lay in bed and dreamed of Ins past deeds. 
For a final moment, he resolved lo fly again. Hi* inquired whether Dr 
Hughes, whom he remembered from the past. would examine him for his pilot s license. 
/ 
Aide Nadine Henley reported fin 
March 12. 1975: "D r Hughes is healthy and is still one of the FAA medical examiners Ile will come down here to examine von for your license but tu­ bas said lie will not comr down milles you arc up and around and walking M 
The billionaire wanted to know lp)$ much advance notice the doctor would need 
Back came the reply: ''IJT. 
Hughes said he would require yppW£ 
I mutely two weeks notiee before cnu* mg down to Freeport to interview you." 
OI course, the former aviation I Mr rn never flew again; he never got otic of bed His doctors simply watched htm atrophy, and they seemed helpless to prevent it 
Bell is waiting for bribe proof 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - Atty. Gen. 
Griffin Bell said Thursday he will 
‘ prosecute where proof exists" iii the investigation of an alleged South Ko­ rean scheme to buy influence among members of Congress. 
Iii a written statement. Bell said lie will meet Friday with Justice Depart­ ment attorneys assigned to the cum* 
"to (Jim uss a full status report which 

 h a s been submitted to me and which I have studied." 
Quickly 
"Because of the seriousness id al­ legations that have appeared iii the press concerning some members of 
Congress, I am concerned about de­ termining as expeditiously as possible the extent of the proof that exists with respect to these allegations.’* Bell 

 s a id . 
" I intend to prosecute where proof exists and tu dispel the clouds of su­ spicion where proof docs not exist." 
The statement was issued a day after 
Sen. Malcolm Wallop. it Wyo . pressed for regular reports from the depart­ ment about the status of the probe 
At a Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing. Wallop rcpca* tinily asked Benjamin ( illicit) if he would supply such inform ation. 
I iv lie!ti. nominated lo he assistant at­ torney general in charge of the criminal division, said he would not do so because of the law protecting the secrecy of grand jury proceedings 
I ii his statement. Bell seemed lo leave open the possibility ut some sort ol coni (den Ha I report to Congress. 

"Any status report to Congress must he made within the confines of grand jury secrecy requirements and (Ile need to maintain the confidentiality id sources and leads essential to the investigation." the attorney general said. 
Allegations 

The department investigators are examining allegations that the Korean 
(ch iral Intelligence Agency sent hundreds ol thousands ol dollars to rt-, agents Iii the I lilted States to give to members of ( oogress in exchange |or aid iou favorable to South Korean in­ terests 
"T he investigation of all substuil'fi i leads in the Korean ( IA cast* is coi£ turning," Bell added. "The pi ‘ORCCUfi tonal stall engaged iii tin* investigation is bringing the maitef into locus iii a thorough and unrelen!* mg manner.’* 

O l y m p i a t e l l s ^ a i n * i 

• 
O L Y M P I A , Wash 
( A P r - B o ti sales aud earnings climbed d u n n f 
IUD). Olympia Brewing Co oihciaki say 
;; 
Robert A Schmidt, chairman, sail 
Wednesday that financial statement! have been consolidated for Olympia aud Lone Star Brewing l o ol San Ais toitoi, IVx , a wholly owned subsidiary acquired by Olympia last Dec. '29 
* 
Combined earnings of Olympia aul 
Lone Star were $2 45 per share i i i 197* compared with ii SU per s h a r e i i i I9*d£ 

S.A. groceries still cost less 

SA N A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
H 

EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 
Al STIX — San Antonio's grocery prices remained the lowest in the state through February, according to the state agriculture department s latest market basket survey. l ite monthly survey shows the aver­ age price of 2o food items in the Alamo 
City was SIS.5o, compared with a statewide average of $19.4o. 
Although the prices in San Antonio wore nearly $2 less than the highest average found in McAllen ($2o.42). cost for food continued to increase. It went up 19 cents from .January. 
Shoppers in San Antonio paid $18.37 for the same 2o commodities in Jan- 

But f o o d prices increased 19 cents since Jan u ary in the A la m o City 

 nary. the survey shows. 
Over the last six months the average price on the grocery items has gone up 
SI.24. 
Agriculture Commissioner John 
White urged consumers to continue shopping around for good quality food at the lowest cost. 
“ They should especially be looking for Texas-produced commodities." he 

 said. 
Among the 2o items showing prices increases, the biggest increase w as for coffee, up IO cents from January. 
Coffee was selling for $3.o8 a pound when the survey was made in F e ­ bruary. 
Prices also increased slightly on eggs, American cheese, chicken, tuna, apples, corn flakes, tomatoes and or­ 

 ange juice. 
Milk prices have remained the same even though dairymen's cash receipts are decreasing monthly. White said. 
The survey also showed the price for some beef products had dropped slightly. 
The rank of Texas cities surveyed and their average food prices are as follows: 
San Antonio. 818.51); Laredo. $18.95; 
Austin, $18.97; Tyler. $19.22: El Paso, 
$19.3o; Abilene. $19.5o; Ft. Worth. 
$19.58; Corpus Christi. $19.68: Lubbock. 
$19.68; 
Also. Houston. $19.73; Dallas, $19.78, and McAllen. $2o.42. 
I* 

 taxing system sparks dispute 

B> DEBORAH W E S E R 

County Tax Assessor-Collector Ben 
Shaw and Com. Albert Bustamante 
Thursday squared off iii a dispute over proposed changes in the joint City- 
( minty Appraisal project. 

Bustamante is a staunch defender of the present CCA system which pro­ vides policy direction to City Council and Commissioners Court for the joint property appraisal program. 
The office, under Dir. Arthur de la 
Garza, currently answers direct Iv to 

* & 
' 

K rn 
' A•■•■ffiBk - %..:v'' Jk*. 
V, * 
H i? , ’'7j§ 
* \ ' I I 

 r n 
. 

 the four-man board composed of Judge 
Blair Reeves, Bustamante and City 
Councilmen Phil Pvlulus and Bob Bil­ la. 
Shaw wants a seat on that board. Ills plan for change — offered Thursday in summary form as a revised CCA charter — calls for his placement on the policy board. 
His plan reduces to one each the CCA board representation for court and council but urges the addition of him­ 

 s e lf. a high city tax or finance official and one representative of all other governments in the program. 
Bustamante objects to that board change as well as several others pro­ posed bv Shaw. 
“ I am going to oppose the plan because I don't think it is needed." 
Bustamante declared. 
“ It is my view that this proposal completely shatters the consolidated effort of the city, county and school districts." the commissioner declared 
Inexperience 

 s Sp! 
* '' 
* A 
> x yg# 

This scene on Hillside Drive in Olmos Park shows the intensity of the hail storm Thursday afternoon. Photo at top left shows some of the marble-sized hail that clustered on lawns, streets and sidewalks on the North and 
East sides. Police reported numerous traffic accidents during the I 5-minute hail storm. — Staff Photos by 
Ron JonesBill makes trade center o f S.A., backers say 

( x p r I!>& c a p it o l Bu r e a u 

* wfcl'STIN — Stale Hep. lion Bird id 
SS11 Antonio within a few days will introduce a bill backers sun will es­ tablish San Antonio as an international trade center. 
Tile bill authorizes the cliv to a pp Iv to the federal government tor a grunt to establish a duty-free foreign trade 
/one at San Antonio International Air- port 
It also provides for sub-zones within the eity. Balkers are discussing a permanent international trade market 

 i i i t h e downtown area. 
Once established, the zone will allow exhibitors at the annual Mexican 
Trade Fair lo bring in their products without paying duty or is lin g tun ids 

Buyers will also be exempted from pav mg the usual import taxes or duties 

 on the products they purchase 
Ender federal law. San Antonio must first have the permission of the state iii order to apply for and accept federal funds to establish a trade /one. 
Once the Texas Legislature has passed the authorizing legislation, it is 
E xpel led federal approval of the grant will be a matter of routine. 
Similar legislation bas been filed for 
El Paso, Galveston and Dullus-Fort 
Worth. 

Copies el the proposed bill are in the hands Ell San Antonio c tty Council members and officials of tin- Greater 
San Antonio < handier of Commerce. 
City Councilman Glen Hartman said istatili-'limg such a trade zone will have immediate us well as long-range benefits for San Antonio and South i CVU' 

On the long-range basis. Hartman said the door will bi* open lur estab­ lishing a permanent international trade market in San Antonio, probably iii the HemisFair area. 
Foreign manufacturers and their representatives will be able to estab­ lish displays and permanent offices here. Hartman said. 
"It all goes beyond the Mexican 
Trade Fa ir." Hartman said. " i t will establish a duty-free zone where trade could be transacted oil an international basis 

Bird said he sees no problem in getting the bill passed tills legislative session, 
"It s strictly a local bill Elf great 
U'nciil to San AiitEEiiMi and the entire 
South Texas area. I lion J see anyone contesting it. so it s| i e iii Id win passage easily." lie san! 

ABC teaches; 
COPS twists; 
HBG reverses 

Stinson 

Pointing til Shaw s inexperience — the county tax officer has held office only since January — Bustamante ar­ gued the consolidated program is gaining momentum and direction after some troubled times. 
The commissioner strongly objects to putting anyone on the CCA lam rd who is directly involved with the taxing procedures. The CCA office must go oil operating independently Elf taxing offi­ cials. he insisted. 
Shaw ’s suggested revisions w ill compromise the appraisal office’s iii- dependence. Bustamante added. 
Climax due 

The dispute between Bustam ante and Shaw over taxing procedures and the CCA EtperatiEin is expected to cli­ max at the March 15 CCA meeting. 
Shaw s plan would strip CCA of hir­ ing authority fur the appraisal Eifficc direetEir and put that into tin* separate hands Elf City Council and the Com­ missioners Court. 
The plan also calls lor adding a new top staffer, a senior appraiser, to the 
CCA office lint also appointed by council and court. 
That sitii;ithoi would provide tw«» chiefs lEir the office anil remove both of them from Hie- supervision Ell the CCA board. Bustamante noted. 
Oilier changes iii Shaw s plan m- 

 e hide. 
• 
Creating posts ut senior ap­ praisers — one each from fit> and county — to aet as advisers to Hie- CCA 
Im ia rd. 
• 
Allowing t h o s e g o v e r n m e n t s whose taxes are now c o lle c te d by city o r county to join the cEiiiso lid a le E ! ap­ praisal program without additional lE*es. 
• 
Setting CCA meetings at times more convenient to public participa­ tion than the present 7:3b a.i i i . 
Financing 

Also touched «»n are changes that affect CCA financing, its relation to city aud county tax officials, how the c itx ami county Boards of Equalization use ( CA (lulu and the need to update aerial maps Ell the county used iii property analysis b»r lax purposes. 
Cnder Shaw’s plan, the CCA stall director would prepare year-end re­ ports showing results aud analyzing progress lur the board anil its partici­ pating governments, 

Ills new charter also calls for setting a firm deadline on computerizing the appraisal process for the entire county 

Shaw emphasizes that no partici­ pants are bound to accept the appraisal results produced by CCA in their indi- v tibial taxing procedures. 

The Alliance for a Better 
City is getting ready to give the town another lesson in how not to play politico. 
Word is out that ABC has decided lo back a political unknown. Robert 
G. Rodrigue/, against Councilman 
Henry Cisneros in the District I race. 
Anybody with a smidgen of poli­ tical insight knows that Cisneros is unbeatable in Ins near West Side stomping grounds. 
Cisneros 
Of course, nobody has ever ac­ cused A B C of acting smart. And what political sense members have is clouded by their intense dislike for Cisneros, who has refused to enter the establishment group’s fold. 
‘■You can ’t be around (A BC ty pes) 3o minutes before the subject of Henry Cisneros comes up." says one i ommunity insider. 
“ They want to know: Does he 
Ii.ive a (political) weakness? And: 
How eau we stop him ?" 
So instead of using their re­ sources te* influence races where they have a chance for success. ABC members are going bt throw their money at the District I race and hope to knock off Cisneros. 
It must be nice to be so wealthy. 
COPS loses 
COPS may already be wishing it hadn t backed single-member dis­ tricting in the Jan 15. City Charter revision election. 
The organization’s leaders went to City Hall Thursday to try to slop the council trom approving an out- of-court settlem ent <d its suit against Oscar W yatt's Coastal 
Sla te s empire 

They came up two votes short. 
The only city duds who sided with them were Henry Cisneros, Al 
Rohde and Richard Teniente. 
Those three councilmen are run­ ning for re-election in West and 
South 
Side d istricts where 
Communities Organized for Public 
Service is a political heavyweight. 
So they voted the COPS line. 

With the exception of Mayor Lila 
Cockrell, who is running at-large. the other council members are in districts where COPS has little in­ fluence. 
So they simply ignored the liis- trotiies and threats at Pity Council meeting anil voted for the settle­ ment. 
That wouldn’t have happened if the councilmen were facing at-large 

 campaigns where COPS could use its political muscle against them. 
Prior to the City Charter rev ision election, this writer predicted that 
(O P S was taking a rope to its own hanging by supporting the single­ member districting plan 
Thursday, the council used that rope and left (O P S twisting slowly in the wind. 
Bear trap 
The KSAT-TY. Chunnel 12, news department caught C S. Rep. Henry 
B. Gonzalez iii a bear trap of his own making Wednesday night. 
During a report on the congress­ man’s resignation from the House 
Select 
Committee on 
Assassi­ nations, newsman 
Rick 
Lozano showed a recent film interview during which Gonzalez indicated that even the suggestion of resign­ ing Extended him. 
In tin* interview. H ie- congressman 

 w a s asked about the resignation option. 
“ Why should I resign ?" he re­ sponded emotionally. “ I'm seeking an aeeEUUilability on funds.” 
At that point a reporter off-ca- meru said something inaudible, and 
Gonzalez said angrily: 
"That's not the point. You’re in­ terring (that I might resign) by raising tin* issue. 
“ All I'm telling you is that would be a strange reversal of what a public official ought to be doing.” 
Apparently, somewhere along the way, the congressman decided that such a reversal wouldn't be too strange after all. 
See the melodrama grows more interesting. 
TY show 
Several Sun Antonians w ill be featured on tonight s ABC-TV spe­ cial: "The Winter That W as...The 
Energy That Wasn't. 
It will be sliEivvn at 19:3o oil Chan­ nel 12. 
An ABC film crew ont of W a ­ shington flew into the Alamo City last Sunday anil interviewed City 
Public Service Gen. M gr. Ja c k 
Spruce, Communities Organized for 
Public Service President Beatrice 
GallegE) and a low-ineome C P S eusiEtmer (iden tified as “ M rs. 
Quinones") about the city’s natural gas problem. 
The San Antonio segment of the program is about three minutes 
Ie mg. according to Channel 12 News 
Director Doug Ramsey. 
It will be interesting t<» see if the network tEilks can make more sense out e»I the imbroglio than us local yokels. 
TW DB OKs bonds for water system s 

The Texas Water De­ velopment Board voted 
Thursday in San Antonio to issue $5o million in 
ImiiieIs for water resource construct ion statcvv jill* after a p p lin g sale «>t th<*se l>ouds at 5 o9 per 
• cut. 

Texas voters approved issuance of liaise bonds in I96o iii a $2oo million slate constitutional amendment 

Of tin1 $4o(1 m illion 
TW DB has to lend Texas communities, about $18o million is waiting for ap­ plication.. 

I U DB Executive Dir. 
James M Rose said the bond money will Im* used to make low -interest loans to cities to build e»r I improve their waler sup* i ply systems 

Low hid 

The low bul accepted I by the six-member j 
TW DB v\ as a sy ttdicatc J made up E)t ( bib,ink. Re- j public National Bauk of j 
Dallas. M en l!l*Ly neb i 
Weeded and i »».. Ti llman j 
Brot liers. 
Goldm an j 
Sac hs. Eirst City Nation- i a1 Bank ol Houston and j 
Bankers Trust ( o 
U ie ImiiieIs will mature 

 between 1984 and 1999 and have* an average life o| IS1 u years 
The prev ious bond sale of 84o million last Ju ly was sold at an interest rate of 5.26 per cent. 
( 
IM DB officials san! one reason for issuing the 
$5o million iii bonds now was the current low bomi market. 
Six bids were received 
Thursday. witll the high­ est I ie 111 g at 5 24 per cent. 

Other bidding sy ndicu* lions included Bache- 
Halsey and Stuart, E. E. 
Hutton and Co.. F irs t 
National Bank of Chica­ go, First National Bank iii Dallas and Morgan 
Guaranty Trust. 
The board meeting w as liebl in San Antonio iii conjunction with tin* 
I ex a s W ater Conserva­ tion Assn. convention at the Hilton Palaeio del Rio 
Hotel 

Lawns * Beauty 
NURSERY m 
INC 

8 6 S o B and ora Road 

St. Augustine (Carpet) 

G R A S S . .FULL PALLET . 
U SS THAN A FULL PALLET . . . . 
FLOM AT AM .. (UU r A tilt i m THAM A I ULI RAUH . . . . . . 

APERh jj^ 
. . O # 
>' y 4 
I .o 7 f| yd 
1 .3 9 
I .O 9 Mf, (rd 

COMPUTE 
EWT! (OMI 
PR O D U C TS A V A IL A B L E , 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Coma Vint Our C om po t* 6 
A cre 
Garden 
Center with 

 everyday ‘'FARM 
TO Y O U " 
PRICES And SAVB!! n o M c n 

O R I N D o i l y 8-7 P . M . _____________ 684-211o 

Frost jjfiven 
TYY <^B okay 

A l S U N 
(AID 
- 
By a spilt vote of 28-3. the Senate confirmed Mike 
F Frost of McAllen Thursday t«> be a member of the Texas Water Quality 
Board 

Sen. A It 
Swartz. D-Galv cstoii, asked that Frost's appoint incut be voted on separately but had no other comments Thursday 

 tin Wednesday. Schwartz told Frost aint Frank Lew ta ol Matagorda ( minty that he opposed their appointment lo tin* inure! because they were against his bill to allow Hie attorney general to sin* water polluters w ll boul board |H*r- mifesioti. 

F r tilt rte » SHU' V W, i.ct Mui Em Mr#*' Ute Ate*' 

Tnt FutCtf He i IU tate ut * 

Churches oppose capital punishment 

A I S H X 
(AIM 
- 
The 
Texas 
Conference of Churches has adopted a resolution supporting the abolition of the death penalty as tin* organization ended its four-day 
Assem bly of 
Representatives here Wednesday 
The organization reaffirmed Us op­ position to capital punishment “ in any form." resolv ing bi “ take ail advocacy role iii the am nion of tin ally 
The Assembly ve»u*U not 
Texas Coalition Against 
I Vaulty, but narrowly app 
I loll Ile become o b s e r v e r s lion s proceedings 
The RI Rev Willis It shop Elf the Episcopal 
Northwest Texas was I shield-designate bu* a mu* 

 a lb pen- 

 to J ti 111 the De 

He 

 tin 

Tareyton goes low-tar one better. 
Of course 
Tarry ton’s filter reduces tar... 

Tireyton has less tar than 
IVA of all other cigarettes sold! 
...but it also improves the taste with activated charcoal. 

The U.S. Environmental Protection 

Agency recently reported that charcoal is the best available method for filtering wa­ ter. As a matter of fact, many cities across the United States have instituted charcoal filtration systems for their drinking water supplies. The evidence is mounting that activated charcoal does indeed improve the taste of drinking water. 
Charcoal also helps freshen air in sub­ marines and spacecraft. 
And charcoal is used / f.T to mellow the 
I i taste of the t 

 finest bourbons. Vi 

That k why 
1 is Americus U m m UiEEg lIvu w m I b lu r «. 14pm tt<- 

Warning Tha Surgaon Canari! Hat Oatarmmad 
That Cigaret* Smoking It Dangerous to Your Htaith. 

I Sa a 
Ear I? i 
12 im mmm# 
• to IMN cEft)tit* fey FIC MtEXMl 

Poge 
4-A 
H________ S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— 
Friday March 4 I 97 7 

’S 
A UNIT or ALLIED STONES 
These products have a manuiacturer s warranty For a free copy of the warranty write: Joske s of Texas, San Antoiuo. Texas 782o3. 

President Carter and President El-Hadj Om ar Bongo of the G a ­ bonese Republic #share a laugh while talking to reporters at the 
White House Thursday. 

 reg. $645. 

 brown cotton velvet, 7 2 “ w (queen-bed) spec. *52o. other styles and fabrics in stock at similar savings. 

Save on the best brands of televisions at Joske's! 

Save 31.12! Sony 19“ diagonal Trinitron color TV 

Joske's Major 
[y paym 
Purcha!ase Budget Plan * 

Reg. 62o.oo. You get solid state assur­ ance of uninterrupted viewing pleasure as the Lumisponder light-sensing sys­ tem automatically adjusts brightness and contrast according to room lighting changes. Has brilliant Trinitron Plus color system plus exclusive Econo-quick energy-saving system that shuts power off when set is not in use, and produces a quick picture from a cold start. One- button control for automatic fine tuning, color and hue. Vinyl rosewood veneer on wood cabinet. Model KV-1951. 

Special! 13“ diagonal 
Zenith color television 
34995 
Your montly payment is 19.oo on 
Joske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Special! Space Command IOO remote control TV gives you great television viewing! Has 13“ diagonal Chroma- color II picture tube with dependable 
1oo% solid state circuitry and electronic video guard tuning system. Includes personal earphone and detachable sunshield. Model H131Q. 

Televisions, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 

Senate okays reorganization 

NEW YOUK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Without op­ position and with little debate, the Senate approved legislation 
T h u rs d a y th a t would give 
P r e s id e n t C a rte r the broad authority he wants to reorganize the government. 
The measure would permit the Pre­ sident to create, consolidate or reshape federal agencies or shift agencies from one department to another as long as the Senate or House did not vote to block his plans within HO days of the time they are proposed. 
At a hearing on the other side of the 
Capitol Tuesday, Rep. Jack Brooks, chairm an of the Government O pera­ tions C o m m itte e , and a few other re p re se n ta tiv e s and legal sch o lars raised doubts about the constitutiona­ lity of the legislative veto device that is the keystone of the legislation. 
Unanimous 
But the m atter was not even m en­ tioned in the b rie f S enate d eb ate 
Thursday afternoon. The bill was ap­ proved by a vote of 93 to (I. 
Despite the opposition of Brooks, 
D-Tex.. and a few of his allies, there appears to be overwhelming support in the House for legislation similar to that passed by the Senate Thursday. Those who have been following the bill close­ ly said it was likely the reorganization authority would become law before 
Easter. 
Between 1949 and 1973. every presi­ dent was granted the authority Carter asked for. 
Nixon denied 
After the Watergate scandal broke, however. Congress, wary of potential a b u ses of pow er by the e x ecu tiv e branch, refused to renew P resident 
Nixon s reorganization authority. P re­ sident Ford never asked that it be reinstated 
The Senate added a few limitations to the sweeping power that 
Carter sought. 
• The hill would give the President the authority to reorganize the b ur­ eaucracy for three years, instead of the four years he asked for. 
• It would require each proposal to deal with only one logically consistent subject matter to prevent submisisions that covered a wide range of govern­ ment aetiv ides. 
• It denied the President the auth- only to make changes in regulatory agencies. 
At C arter’s request, the Senate did not include the restriction applied to 

 previous Presidents that they submit no more than one reorganization plan every 3o days. But Bert Lance, direc­ tor. of the Office of Management and 
Budget, gave the Senate formal assur­ ance the a d m in istra tio n would not swamp Congress with more proposals than it could reasonably handle at one time. 
The bill would give the President the right to amend his plans within 3o days of the time they went to Congress. It also included procedures that would guarantee a vote on any reorganization proposal on which there was signifi­ cant opposition. 
The purpose of the latter provision was to make sure no agencies were restructured simply because the pre­ sidential proposal was bottled up in a congressional com m ittee or filibus­ tered into effect. 
The m ea su re would not give the 
President the authority to create new 
Cabinet departments or abolish exist­ ing ones. Such actions would have to go through the ordinary-legislative pro­ cess. 
New plan on pardon to vets eyed 

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Carter a d m in istra tio n is co n sid e rin g im ­ pro v em en ts in less-thun-honorable d isc h a rg e s for som e c a te g o rie s of 
Victnam-era veterans rather than con­ sidering such cases individually. 
Robert Lipshutz. counsel to P r e ­ sident C a rte r, said T h u rsd a y “ no definitive decision has been reached’* but.that the White House is working on this with the Defense Department. 
Lipshutz said such an action would be taken only for those given adm inis­ trative discharges and would not in­ clude those given d ish o n o rab le di- eharges requ iring m ilita ry cou rts- martial action. 
As possible examples, he mentioned veterans discharged for m a riju a n a sm oking or veteran s who d e se rte d after serving honorably in Vietnam. 
When (’arter announced his pardon for about HI.IKM! draft evaders, lie said he was turning over to the Pentagon the question of deserters and others iii the military who received less-than- honorable discharges. 

SAVE on Famous S IM M O N S hide-a-beds 

Save on G.E. portable televisions 
35o95 

Your monthly payment is 19.oo on 
Joske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

This 1oo% solid state color television has G.E.'s famous in-line picture tube system. Black Matrix picture tube im­ proves contrast, so you get a clear, sharp image every time! Incased in a sturdy plastic cabinet with simulated walnut grained finish. 
Model 
WYA7345D 

12" diagonal 
Q Q reg. 1o9.95 
J f j 

Your monthly payment is 6.oo on 
Joske's Major Purchase Plan* 

This set features 1oo% solid state, black and white Energy Saver' chassis, with pre-set VHF fine tuning. You also get 'click-in' UHF and 
VHF, plus DC restoration for better contrast and brightness, and a set-and-forget volume so you don't have to adjust volume when set is turned off or on. 

'The monthly payment shown is available under our major purchase budget plan only Each monthly payment includes sales tax and FINANCE CHARGE. A FINANCE CHARGE will be imposed for any current billing period in which there is a balance owing from any prior billing period (the Previous Balance), unless payments or other credits received prior to the end of such current billing period equal or exceed the up to $35 OO. On the Previous Balances in excess of $35 OO. the FINANCE CHARGE will be computed at a Periodic Rate of I ‘4% 
Previous Balance The FINANCE CHARGE will be a minimum of 5oc imposed on Previous Balances 

 on th© first $5oo OO of the Previous Balance and 1% on th© amount over $5oo OO. which ar© the equivalent ol ANNUAL PERCENTAGE 
RATES of 18% and 12% respectively 

SHOP DOWNTOWN 1o-6; BRANCHES TIL 9 FRIDAY nhame 

6951 San Pedro, residential 344-2339, commercial 341-1691 

SALE! 

LIMITED QUANTITY OFFERING! 
A 3-piece shelter sofa with six loose 

 cushions and two ottomans and you save 188.oo! 

3-piece set, originally 687.oo 

OO 

Save on this distinctive shelter sofa with highback styling. 
Loose throw pillows and 8" thick loose reversible seat cushions give it a super comfortable feel! 
Upholstered in desert sand geo­ geometric patterned, 1oo% cotton velvet. Length is a generous 86". Ottomans have a flip top so you can use them for storage as well as a footrest or extra seating space! Save now in 
Furniture, Downtown, North Star and Austin. 
JOSKE’S 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

APARTMATES 

A NEW MODULAR SYSTEM FOR ANY ROOM! 

Apartmates is real furniture, combining fine cabinetry and beautiful finishing. You can select from 8 basic pieces to create bedrooms, dining rooms or family rooms. 
You can create moderate groupings or elaborate ones. 
You can create a bedroom arrangem ent today and with little effort convert it into an entertainment center tomor­ row. No tools, no screws, no special instructions. Pieces stack together easily. The basic pieces come in two sizes: 
36" wide, or 18" wide and are 18" deep, 27" high. 
Furniture, Downtown, North Star and Austin. 

A. 3-drawer unit, 36x18x27" .............................................149.95 
B. Open unit, 36x18x27" 
139.95 
C. Two-door unit, 36x18x27" 
149.95 
D. Drop-lid desk bar with light, 36x18x27" 
..............149.95 
E. Bar headboard, twin or full/queen size 
..............1o4.95 
F. Bed bridge with light, twin or full/queen 
..............59.95 
G. Three-drawer unit, 18x18x27" 
99.95 
H. One door unit, 18x18x27" 
99.95 

IN STOCK, READY FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 

.. .a fresh alternative to the traditional bedroom 
. .a totally new concept for creating your own combination of chest, dresser, bed and night stand home entertainment center 
. . . a flexible, new way to create wail units to fit your particular needs 

ASK ABOUT OUR CONVENIENT MAJOR PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 

D O W N TO W N PLAZA STORE BASEMENT 

FURNITURE 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quon. W as 
Now 
6 2 6 6 2 9-drawer walnut triple dresser base, Spanish 
I 2 9 5 .o o 1 8 9 .o o 
I 3 7 15 White m ate’s c h a ir.. . I 
4 9 .9 5 
2 o .o o 
4 7 8 4 2 '‘Centurion” tan vinyl queen s le e p e r 
I 5 9 9 .9 5 3 5 9 .o o 
5 l l 32 ‘ ‘Centurion” tan vinyl chair.................................I 2 9 9 .9 5 1 7 9 .o o 
51 142 “ Centurion” tan vinyl o tto m a n ......................... I 
12 9.9 5 
6 9 .o o 
5 1 1 1 2 “ Centurion" tan vinyl s o fa .................................I 4 9 9 .9 5 2 9 9 .o o 
47333-23-43 3-piece tweed Herculon covered corner group combination with sleeper, ottoman, and 1o4-in. sofa, g ro u p .................. I 1 o 2 8 .o o 5 9 9 .o o 
4 8 2 6 2 Queen size sleeper w /m oss tweed cover, colonial 
I 5 4 9 .9 5 3 4 9 .o o 
5 3 3 o 4 G old reversible seat and back demi s o f a .......................I 3 4 9 .o o I 5 9 .o o 
6 9 1 9 2 Brown vinyl Spanish style demi s o f a .......................I 2 2 9 .9 5 I 2 9 .o o 
6 9 1 9 3 Spanish brown vinyl chair................................ I 
1 4 9 .9 5 
7 9 .o o 
5 o 6 1 2 Brown vinyl button tufted demi sofa w /heavy rolled arms and back....................... 2 3 4 9 .9 5 1 6 9 .o o 
5 1 9 o 2 Brown vinyl otto m an. . J 
8 9 .9 5 
3 4 .o o 
1 6 367 Charcoal velvet T-cushion traditional c h a ir 
I 
19 9 .9 5 
9 9 .o o 
4 5 1 o 2 Modern arm chair w /brass cap on arms, Herculon cover 
I 
14 9 .9 5 
5 9 .o o 
28-29171 7-piece dinette w /6 clear molded plastic chairs and 4 o ” x 5 4 ” oval glass top table, set. . . I 4 8 9 .7 o 2 3 9 .o o 
23 3 6 3 Traditional walnut dining room table, 4 2 x 7 2 ” . . I 
1 5 9 .9 5 
9 9 .o o 
2 5 5 5 5 4 8 x 7 2 ” maple dining room t a b le .................... I 
1 5 9 .9 5 
5 9 .o o 
2 4 2 6 5 Dining room arm chair w / beige tweed cu sh io n 
I 
5 o .o o 
2 5 .o o 
25131 Pine side c h a ir 
I 
7 o .o o 
2 5 .o o 
2 3 5 4 7 Spanish side chair, gold seat....................... 2 
5 o .o o 
2 5 .o o 
23 2 6 4 Dining room chair w /g ld s e a t.................................I 
5 o .o o 
3 9 .o o 

Twin, Full and Q ueen 
M attress and Foundation 
Com binations 
5o% OFF 
18 soft to sell 

6 4 6 
Hex commode, walnut w / brass decorator pulls.............. 4 
1 1 9 .9 5 3 9 .o o 
3 6 4 4 8 Square commode, 2-door, dark walnut fin is h ................ 3 
8 9 .9 5 3 9 .o o 
2 5 3 9 8 4 8 ” walnut buffet w / silverware drawer, 
2 linen drawers, 2 panel doors on bottom ........................I 
1 9 9 .9 5 9 9 .o o 
13797 48 hutch top, 2 sh elves.............................I 
84 9 5 4 9 .o o 
6 4 3 5 5 "D eer Path 
5-drawer maple c h e s t............................... I 
2 5 5 .o o 1 2 9 .o o 
7 7 7 7 
Hi bock black vinyl executive swivel c h a ir..................... I 
I 2 9 .9 5 4 9 .o o 
16354 G old velvet swivel rocker w /T c u sh io n ...................I 
1 9 9 .9 5 
9 9 .o o 
19243 Green swivel rocker, traditional w /velvet c o v e r ..............I 
12 9 .9 5 
5 9 .o o 
6781 2 Bookcase bunk bed, ends o n ly ....................... I 
I I 9 .9 5 
4 9 .o o 
48oo1 Sofa Sleeper, Green tweed. . .......................I 
2 4 9 .o o 1 39 .o o 

REFRIGERATORS 
67721 I 7,o top freezer, w h ite ........................... I 
4 5 9 95 3 6 4 .o o 
6 7 9 3 6 19 o top freezer w /icem oker, gold . . . . ------- 
I 
5 6 9 .9 5 5 o 9 .o o 
67931 19.o’ top freezer w /icem aker w h ite ..............................I 
5 5 9 .9 5 4 9 9 .o o 
66o61 22,o' side-by-side w /icem aker, cold water tap, white. . . . . I 7 7 9 .9 5 6 5 9 .o o 
6 7 8 3 I 19,2' top freezer w /tcem aker, w h ite 
I 
4 8 9 .9 5 4 1 9 .o o 
FREEZERS 
1664 
23 .2 cu. ft chest. . . . I 399 95 3 4 9 .o o 
1644 
18 2 cu. ft chest. . . . I 369 95 3 2 9 ,o o 
2 7 2 9 
15.3 cu. ft upright frostiest . . . . . . . . . . 
I 319 95 2 7 5 .o o 
WASHERS 
2 6 7 5 4 Automatic washer w /te if deaning filter, a v o ca d o 
I 3o 9 95 2 4 3 .o o 
2 6 9 1 6 5-cycle Keom oie gold w> self deaning filter . . . . . . I 34 9 95 3 o 9 .o o 

Console Stereos, Your Choice 
Spanish, C o n te m p ora ry, or Colonial 
W e re $ 2 6 9 .9 5 to $ 3 2 9 .9 5 
6 to sell 
179 

H 
S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
Carter to test political gambit 

W A S H IN G T O N POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - President Carter stands to gain a lot at relatively little risk from his first “ Ask President 
Carter” radio call-in show, scheduled from I to 3 p.m. Saturday over the CBS 
Radio Network. lf p u b lic reaction is fa v o ra b le . 
Carter will have a whole new technique for taking his case, whatever it may be at the moment, directly to the people, a gambit his close friend and adviser 
Charles Kirbo thinks he will have to use in some of his projected battles with Congrese. 
Not even Franklin D. Roosevelt, the last President who mastered radio as a m eans of explaining his policies, could claim that his “ fireside chats” were part of “ a continuing effort to make himself available to the people of the country to answer their questions” as the Carter White House has done. 
And no other president has had a mechanism to claim that any citizen. 

 no matter what status, can pick up a telephone and have the sam e toll-free chance as any other citizen of reaching the President. 
The fact that the chance is incredibly sm all — p e rh ap s m illion s of phone calls have to be funneled down to a single speaker in the Oval Office — m ay not d etract from the sym bolic openness of the event. 
The test will be whether the public likes the idea. 
“ Our concern is more breaking dow n the isolation of the President than an­ yth in g e l s e , ” s a y s B a r r y J a g o d a , 
Carter’s television consultant 
. . The volume of calls that we receive is not as significant as the fact that millions of people will lie able to hear those calls that actually do get into the Oval Office.” 
The risk to Carter’s im age is mini­ mal because in six weeks as President, he has shown himself very much at home with use of the electronic media. 

He came across as relaxed, confident and determ ined during his fireside chat and both of his televised news conferences. 
A sid e from so m e u n fo reseen presidential fum ble with d isa stro u s policy implications, the wbrst likely to happen is that the questions, which will not be screened in advance, turn out to be inane, or repetitive, or both. 
Moderator Walter Cronkite, there to clarify confusing questions and keep people from ra m b lin g on too long, might be reduced to an endless series of pleas to “ turn your radio down.” if callers are confused by the standard 
7-second delay. 
The White House anticipated that. 
“ Our assumption is that there may be those in this country who would be disrespectful to the President, but that no one would lie disrespectful to Mr. 
C ron kite,” said White House P r e ss 
Secretary Jody Powell. 
Ile didn’t say what the White House 

 would do if millions of callers became an g ry or f r u s t r a t e d b e c a u s e they couldn’t get through. 
No claim s 
The W hite H ou se is m a k in g no claim s the callers w ill represent some average slice of America. 
Ja g o d a said Carter will be able to answer only 3o to 5o calls at best dur­ ing the 12o minutes of air time. 
A sked w hat the P re sid e n t m igh t learn from this experim ent. Ja g o d a talked about “ . . . the immediacy of the q u e stio n s and the p a ssio n and the emotion involved in som ething that electronic com m unications som ehow, are able to convey better than seeing it on a piece of paper.” 
The mechanics of the call-in, while quite sophisticated, were not difficult for the American Telephone and Tele­ graph Co., which says there is virtually no ch an ce of all those phone c a lls jam m ing equipment in Washington. 
5 indicted for GI fraud 

W A S H IN G T O N p o s t SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Five 
Florida promoters were in dicted for c r im in a l fraud by a federal grand jury in Miami Thursday. 
In 1974 the promoters co n v in ced re ce n tly r e p a tr ia te d 
U .S. prisoners of the Vietna­ mese war to invest their back and disability com ­ p en satio n in various schemes. 
The indictment, which was unsealed in Miami, stated that the POWS and other investors lost about 
84 million in sch e m e s that ranged from hydro­ ponic farm ing to m oder­ nizing old DC3 airplanes. 
D uring a 1974 court hearing of a civil suit brought by the Securities and E xchan ge C o m m is­ sio n , a fe d e ra l ju d g e b ra n d ed the s c h e m e s 
“ horrible, vicious, b ru ­ tal. and diabolical." 
At those hearings, it was revealed that one 
T h o m a s P re sto n sen t 
“ welcome hom e” letters to ab out SI) ex-PO W s claiming he had been a 
POW during the Korean conflict and had lost back pay in bad investments after the war. 
Preston offered expert investment advice. 
Preston, who is serving ll) years in Texas on a state court conv iction for defrauding POWs there, was not nam ed in the federal indictment. 
Robert J. Allen, who is se r v in g five y e a r s in 
Texas for the fraudlent s a le s to 
PO W s, w as named in the indictment. 
O th ers n am e d w ere 
Howard VV. A lexander, 
Charles J. Diaz, Ja n ie s 

VV. Brewer and I. Vasi- lios. 
A cco rdin g to the in ­ dictment, the defendants established Alexander & 
Allen, Inc*., which sold industrial revenue bonds purportedly to finance several projects. 
But the in d ictm e n t charges that the princi­ pals pocketed most of the money. 
W ORLD TRADE CENTER tow ers, center foreground 
Lawsuit claims 11o-story towers causing windstorms 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 
NEW YORK - Can the twin 
11o-story World Trade Center towers, 
New York City’s tallest buildings, cause windstorms? 

The owners of a 34-story office building nearby think so, and they’re suing the trade center in state 
Supreme Court for dam ages “ in the millions.” 
They claim the shiny m etal-and-glass towers create 45 to HO mile-an-hour winds that cause their building to creak and sway. 
The suit against the Port Authority of New York and New Je rse y contends, “ Winds blowing from a westerly direction through the a p e r t u r e " between the 1.35o-foot towers are “ greatly increased in velocity, thereby causing unusual, increased and unnatural wind pressures” on the sm aller building 
The result is “ abnormal rotating and swaying m ovements.’* the suit says. 
At the National Weather Service, a spokesman said tile phenomenon of increased wind speed is calk'd a “ venturi effect." 
“ When you’re pushing the sam e volume of air through a sm aller sp ace” sim ilar to the opening between the two towers, the “ wind gains in veloci­ ty," he said. 

The suit isn ’t the first com plaint against me towers. 
Television viewers maintain the buildings cause 
“ gh osts" that disrupt reception for miles around. 
But that problem should be remedied when broad­ 

 casters move transm itters from the Em pire State 
Building in midtown to the trade center, m aybe later this year. 
The Port Authority, owner of the trade center, said in response to the wind suit that the owners of the building at 22 Cortland St. should have been sware of the wind conditions before construction of the sm aller building began in 19(19. Construction of the first trade center tower began in 19HB and the building was “ topped out” in 19711. The second tower reached full height in 1971. 

The buildings are the second tallest in the world, outdone by Chicago’s 1.45o-foot-tall Sears Tower. 
The suit against the Port Aurhority m ay be the first time in recent years that one landlord has sued another for alleged wind dam age. 
According to an official of Victor o. Schinnerer & 
Co,, the underwriting m an ager for Continental 
Casualty Co. which writes insurance for architects, most claim s against architects concern glass blown from buildings by extreme wind or temperature. 

Wind tests conducted 

The suit w as filed by tile M etropolitan Life 
Insurance Co. and by real estate men Harry B. 
Helmsley and David M. Baldwin. 
Baldwin says wind tests conducted by C anada’s 
University of Western Ontario concluded the Cort­ land Street building was structurally sound but the towers were causing “ a condition that normally wouldn’t 'occur,” requiring more than SI million in structural reinforcements. 

Downtown Plaza Store Basement 
228-428o 

S e le ctio n s in clu de flo o r s a m p le s , n e w , u s e d d e m o n s tr a t o r s , d a m a g e d a nd d isc o n tin u e d ite m s. N o p h o n e o r d e r s . A ll su bject to p rio r s a le , w h ile th e y ast. 

Free Parking— w hile shopping at Sears 

CO M E s e e 
FOR YOURSELF! 

 shoe stores 

FRIDAY 1o-9:3o & SATURDAY 1o-9 
• 73oo SAN PEDRO 
349-6634 
2 BLOCKS SOUTH OF N .W . L O O P 4 1 o 
• 694 S.We MILITARY DRIVE 
923-9837 
SHOPPERS CITY M A L L A C R O S S FR O M SIARS 

^ M O R O S S c o w l . to g AUTH 

TELEVISION 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. W as 
N o w 
4 2 o o 
19” portable color TV, solid state, I -button c o lo r. . 2 4 2 9 .9 5 3 2 9 .o o 
4 1 9 4 
19” portable color TV, 
I button c o lo r 
3 
4 5 9 .9 5 3 2 9 .o o 
4 o 2 3 
15” portable color TV, solid sta te .......................I 
2 7 9 .9 5 1 9 9 .o o 
4 2 1 5 
19” portable color TV, touch tune, I button. . I 4 8 9 .9 5 3 5 9 .o o 
4 1 7 4 
I 9 ” portable color w /U H F 
A F C .................................I 
3 9 9 .9 5 2 9 9 .o o 
4481 I 2 5 ” console color TV, I button color, position I 2 channel touch tu n in g ..................I 
8 2 9 .9 5 5 9 9 .o o 
4 3 7 4 
2 5 ” console color, I button color w /black plastic decorator to p ................................... I 
6 6 9 .9 5 3 1 9 .o o 
4 4 5 o 
2 5 ” console color, contem porary s ty lin g ............................ I 
6 6 9 .9 5 3 1 9 .o o 
4 4 5 o 
2 5 ” console color, contem porary s ty lin g ............................ I 
6 6 9 .9 5 3 4 9 .o o 
43321 2 5 ” console color, modern s ty lin g ............................ I 
5 o 9 .9 5 3 2 9 .o o 
44791 2 5 ” console color, solid state, 
I button c o lo r 
I 
6 6 9 .9 5 4 9 9 .o o 
4 3 7 5 
2 5 ” color w /1 button color, solid state.......................1 
6 6 9 .9 5 4 4 9 .o o 
(all TV picture tubes m easured overall diagonal) 
STEREO & SOUND 
9 1 4 6 2 AM -FM stereo 8-track sy ste m .......................... 2 2 o 9 .9 5 1 4 9 .o o 
9 1 7 3 2 AM -FM stereo 8-track player-recorder 
2 
2 2 9 .9 5 1 4 9 .o o 
9 1 7 4 2 AM -FM stereo 8-track player-recorder 
I 
2 9 9 .9 5 1 9 9 .o o 

2 OF 
MANY STYLES! 

* '» ■ . e . « 
■ 
» o 
■*> ,» -» » < » ■ » » 
» » •»« 
I t * C >e*> 

DISHWASHERS 
7 6 o 7 6 Portable w /8 selector and power miser . . . . I 3 6 9 .o o 2 7 9 .o o 
7 6 o 6 6 Portable w /8 selector and power miser . . . . I 3 3 4 .9 5 2 5 9 .o o 
7 6 o 5 6 Portable 5 cycle w / power m is e r.............................. I 3 1 9 .o o 2 2 9 .o o 
7 6 o 7 6 Portable Lady Kenmore 9 cycle w /pow er m is e r 
I 3 6 9 .o o 2 5 9 .o o 
7 6 o 6 2 Portble 9 cycle w /pow er m is e r.............................. I 3 2 9 .9 5 2 3 9 .o o 
7 7 o 4 6 Portable w /3 cycles and power m is e r ..................I 2 3 4 .9 5 1 8 9 .o o 
RANGES 
9 7 6 6 6 Classic double oven 3 o ” electric range............... 2 5 9 9 .9 5 4 6 9 . o o 
7 8 6 6 6 3 o ” classic double oven gas...................................I 6 o 9 .9 5 4 9 9 . o o 
7 8 6 6 4 3 o ” classic double oven gas, g o ld .................... 2 6 o 9 .9 5 4 4 9 . o o 
98661 3 o ” classic double oven, w h ite ............................ 2 6 o 9 .9 5 4 4 9 . o o 
9 8 6 6 4 3 o ” classic double oven electric, avocado . . . . I 5 9 9 .9 5 4 9 9 .o o 
97441 3 o ” classic double oven, w h ite 
..................I 5 1 9 .9 5 3 2 9 .o o 
78461 3o * classic double oven, gas, w hite.......................I 5 1 9 .9 5 4 3 9 .o o 
74561 3 6 ” gas, white w /center grill, cont, clean . . . . I 3 9 9 .9 5 3 4 9 .o o 
72761 3 o ” white continuous clean oven, visi-bake door . . . . . . I 3 9 9 .9 5 2 9 9 .o o 
98661 3 o ” white electric classic, cont. c le a n 
..................I 6 o 9 .9 5 4 3 9 . o o 
7 2 4 6 2 3 o ” coppertone gas, continuous d e a n .............................. I 3 4 9 .9 5 2 2 9 .o o 
92361 3 o ” white electric w/cont»nuous clean o v e n .....................I 3 4 9 ,9 5 2 4 9 .o o 
M icro w a ve O v e n s 
99o51 M icrowave oven 
I 
19 9.9 5 1 3 9 .o o 
99651 Microw ave oven 
I 
4 6 9 95 3 4 9 .o o 
99o61 Microw ave oven 
I 
199 95 1 3 9 .o o 
99161 M icrowave oven 
I 
3 1 9 ,9 5 2 2 9 .o o 
99571 Microw ave oven 
I 
3 6 9 .9 5 2 6 9 .o o 
DRYERS 
66931 Lody Kenmore electric w/sensor . . . . . . . . . I 32 9 95 2 3 9 .o o 
6 6 7 o 4 Electric w /2 fabric selectors, avocado 
. . . . . . . . . I 249 95 2 1 9 .o o 
6 6 7 o 6 Electric w /2 fabric selectors, gold 
...............................I 249 95 2 1 9 .o o 
6 6 7 o 2 Electric w /2 fabric selectors, coppertone . . . . . . . . I 249 95 2 1 9 .o o 
669o1 Electric w / 4 selectors. I 269 95 2 2 9 ,o o 
66711 Electric w /2 temperatures and 
W rinkle guard 
I 22 9 95 I 9 9 ,o o 

NEW ARRIVALS! 

POPULAR SIZES! 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

SAVE -IO on 3 piece redwood picnic set 

Fable and benches are rut from 
I ]/2 inch stock. 7o-in. long table. 
Finger jointed construction. Rust resistant hardware. 

SAX E 8 1 o on ou r w idest red w ood table, plus two b en ch es 

K em ilar *9 9 .9 9 
8 
9 
!$,t 

T om atoes 

Regular 859.99 

Pepper 

Te 
»» J* 

Assorted flower and vegetable plants 
5 Off. 5-ft. swing 

Zinnia 
R egular 819.9o 
Extra rugged, hardwood porch swing with wider seat for extra support. Clear varnish finish. 
Fray o f 6 plants 
Regular 79© 
Fertilize for Spring 
5o-lbs. Turf Food 

Itcj'ular 8 6 .W 
- x ' 

 of lovely anti healthy a variety of vegetables and start your garden 

Great assortment bedding plants in and flowers. Plan now. 
Petunia 
Covers 8,ooo sq. ft. (jives quick lawn green-up. 
Has clean, odorless ap­ plication. 16-8-4 with iron. , 
« 

' ‘W H * (ante n.rwr*' 

Scotts Grow for flowers 
Reg. 81.13 
* 7 o C l-ib. i 

F re d # ro te s, t n n u t l an d p e re n n ia l flower*. H elp* p r o m o te grow th. 

Scotts vegetable garden fertilizer 

R r g . S l . t r * 
^ 7 O C 
I.lh. i J* 

 lielpt) vegetable* get off to healthy Mart*. A p p ly it only once during Mason! 

Regular §3.99 
<><) _ .Regular 83.99 

Your (Choice 

Peat moss 
T op soil in iii 4o-lb. hag 
4o-lh. hag 

Regular S i .9 9 
19 

Finely-*ereened, w eed-free t o p t o i l h a * d o z e n s o f y ard a n d g arden Ute*. 

*3 O ff on Sears broadcast spreader 

Cover, a t lo « ft. 
Hemline *2.'>.«W wide path depending oil material used. m d £ d 

F eat mo** help# loo*en h eav y *oil, add# inu leh, re v ita liz e - #oil. 
Sale prices from Lawn and 
C arden Shop thru Sat. M arch 5 
SAVE *2o 
1ox7-ft.* economy gable storage building 

88 
R egular 8 13 9.88 
Calvanized steel 
6x5-ft.* gable storage building 

Sears price 79"* 

Our loweitt-prit'ed build' lug! SVfcvl'A ft. inaide 
24’i *(|. ft. t na»M>mbled. 

"4 to *2o off Countryside redwood patio furniture 

Mail.- of 
2-in. 
.lock 
* *9.99 . h a ir........... 
California redwoods. 
Box- 
81o9.99 tete-a-tete edged cushion* it* 
*op- 
I 26.99 col lee table mined \ ms I. 
* 59.99 um brella. . 

O' axfi' j ft. inside. 61% aq. ft. of storage space. 
Dotihie-rihhed with 2 coats of paint to resist rust. Outside doors for convenient storage along inside front wall. Unassembled* 

^Exterior base dimensions rounded to nearest foot 

11.88 
89 .8 8 
22.88 
3-1.88 

Ti’**'* 

Sale prices thru 
Sal, Apr. 2 
Where America shops 

 hfcAHH.KUtaUCK AN U C O . 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Sale price oil storage building* thru M on., Mar. 7 

\-U about Sears C redit Plan'* 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarre 
.Mon. anti Thor*. 9*3o-9 
All oilier dan* 9*3o-6 

Militate Drive store al Pleasanton Road 
Mon* thru Sal. 
9 :3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop I IO 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9 :3o-9 

THIS AD In t o |{ WORM 

It in Im . kl .I lo Scar* Adret' ti»injs Policy whirl: ic quire* c»cry athel toed item Ii* Im* Mippor ted iii cai Ii 

More with sn flit H ill lite I« hand im* ... ll we dirndl! m n 

 nut of any rcdui ed pi it e item «lait ing Ila -ale, we w ill 

 reorder for you al Lie -alc pra t . I Iii- dor*, lint apply 

In M in jai paivbasc, ileaiaiH C aud closeout -ale, 

 where ipiailtitie- arc limited. 

 jj 
SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

A column rises over the legendary Super­ stition M ountains east of Phoenix, re­ calling Indian smoke signals of bygone days. In this case, though, a jet passed overhead, leaving behind a white vapor trail. — AP W irephoto 
Moon church eying Texas 

HOUSTON (A P ) - A member of the Nev 
Sun 
Myung Moon s I ’nifUa- turn Church said Thurs­ day the church now feels it is time to focus atten­ tion on states like Texas 
P a tric k H ickey, tin' 
Houston leader for the church, said the move into Texas’ largest city is part of a move into southwestern states to broaden an earlier focus that had centered on the 
East and West coasts. 
Hickey said there now are 22 m embers of the church in Houston and that KU more will be here later this spring to help expand the alteration. 

Houston religious leaders last Decem ber condemned the Moon church and said they were glad it had not made much headway iii tin1 area. 
Among them were M i­ chael G. Kapp. area dir­ ector of the A m erican 
.Jewish Committee. 
“ Considering the anti- 
Semitic undergirding* of so much of the teachings of tlie Moon church. I am concerned their presence will be a divisive factor iii the positive relations which exist between the 
•Jewish and non-Jew ish community in Houston." 
Kapp said Thursday. 
Man waving bottle shot by detective 

Police said an off-duty robbery d etective s e r­ iously wounded a San 
\ntonio man Thursday after the man advanced toward him brandishing a glass bottle. 
The man was shot only after being warned sev­ eral times bv the lion- uniformed officer to drop the little , police report­ ed 
The victim, identified bv police as Prank \ as­ kile/, ail, of Kl.» K. G ray­ son St., was listed iii ser­ ious condition with a gunshot wound to the upper right chest late 
Thursday. 
Casque/ was booked by proxy for simple assault on a police officer and assault with intent to commit bodily injury in connection with an alter- i at ion with another man. 
Night Magistrate Manuel 
I.opr/ sd boud at Sill.(MMI iii the aggravated assault 

Man struck 
I he incident reported­ ly occurred around 12 4o p til. iii the PHM) b lo ck of 
E ( arson street, police said 
According to polite re­ ports. the detective. G ar­ land 
G a s t o n . :j|. had stopped at the 
New llrau nf els Av emu* and 
I arson Street intersec­ tion when In* obse** et! a man break a I loti .c over 

 the head ot another man rn a parking lot. 
The two men then went around a co rn er of a building on the lot. \\hen 
O ffice r Gaston turned left on ('arson Street, he saw the injured man be­ ing hit again with an­ other bottle in a palter bag. police said. 
The injured man fell to the ground and the other man started to lilt the in­ jured man again when 
Gaston got out of hts ear. displayed hts badge and told the assailant to drop the bottle, police said. 
Backed away 

Gaston said the man cam e at him and he backed up all the way across the p arkin g lot while telling the man to drop the bottle several tim es, according lo po­ llee reports 
Gaston said the man backed bim up to a gar­ bage dumpster and the man was shot when he would not stop when or­ ders! to halt a final time. 
Police said the man was only a couple of feet away from the officer when the man was shot. 
Po lice identified the other man on the lot as 
A lvin F au lk, at), of I Hi 
W inslow 
St. 
Ile was treated and released 
I rom 
G reen 
H ospital after receiving head la ­ cerations i i i the incident. police san! 
Benefactors of minorities are honored 

(tv D W ID ll FN DUH KS 

F iv e organizations were honored Thursday night for leadership in minority communities at tin* sixth annual banquet benefitting the United 
Negro College Fund 
The F red D Patterson award, named in honor of the founder of the U V V . was given in five cate­ gories 
Awards 

H eed v mg the social concern award was Pro­ tect Able; the com muni­ cation a w a rd . K U E N - 
T V : the c iv ic aw ard 
Eastsid e Neighborhood 
Developm ent Program; lite youth aw ard, Black 
Student U nion of Our 
Lady of Un* Lake Univer­ sity. and (tie education 

 award. St 
P h ilip s C ol­ lege 
Special honor awards were given for projects in observance of black his- tory, 
Th use org anizations included the Black Stu­ dent Caucus ut the U ni­ versity of Texas at San 
\nlouio. Black student 
I mon at Sun Antonio 
College Ft. Sam Houston 
Inter-Com m and 
Race 
Relations. Equal Oppor­ tunity Council and San 
Antonio A ir Lo g istics 
Center at Kelly A L B 
Also honored were 
Lackland A L B . Delta 
Sigm a Theta So rority. 
Inc., and the Top Ladies of Distinction 

More than WM) people attended the banquet at the Convention Center. 

Dillards 

One week only. . .save 3o.95! 
King Koil Luxury-Firm with Flex-Edge is on sale for your sleeping comfort. . .a super buy! 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

69 
89 
269 
389 

Twin, each piece, reg. 9 9 .9 5 

Full, each piece, reg. 1 1 9 .9 5 

Q ueen set, reg . 2 9 9 .9 5 

King set, reg . 4 1 9 .9 5 

Top quality features of this fine bedding are: comfortable innerspring unit with layers of special cushioning materials, supportive Flex-Edge border and firm matching coil box-spring. 

Bedding 

 f King 

 save 36% to 57% famous maker clearance 
Antron® satin sheets 
6.99 Full, orig. $ 1 4 to $ 1 6 

9.99 Queen, orig. $1 7 to $21 

11.99 King, orig. $ 2 o to $ 2 5 
6.99 to 8.99 Standard cases (p r.), orig. $8 to $ 1 o 

8.99 to 9.99 King cases (p r.), orig. $ 1 o to $1 2 

Soft and smooth, in creamy colors, fields of flowers, lace or strikingly plain, these Antron* nylon tricot sheets have the luxurious look and feel of satin, yet are machine washable and require no ironing. Pamper yourself! Not every style in every color. 
Linens 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO 'TIL 9 : CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

SA N AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Fridoy March 4 1977 
Page ' 9-A 

 save I 3o.95! think of the fun you’ll have with a 19” diagonal Magnavox color TV with 3 home video games built in. . . then buy this one! 

$399 

 reg. 5 29.95 

Now...a new dimension to television. Sharp, clear color TV programs with the convenience of built-in tennis, hockey and Smash from O dyssey’5'. Two skill levels, digital on-screen scoring, action sound, automatic serve, hand controls and plug-in cords 
... top quality entertainment from Magnavox! 

Televisions 

 from Genie... security and an automatic garage door opener 

$158 

* installed 

Protect yourself against bad weather, unwel­ come intruders ... darkness. Eliminate struggl­ ing with heavy doors. Try Genie, the remote con­ trol door opener. Take advantage of this fine buy now. Second transmitter, reg. 
24.95 
... now 
13.5o with purchase of door opener. 
Install­ ed, it s a real buy for peace of mind. * Normal in­ stallation in city limits. 

Appliances 

 turns on the light 

 opens the door 

 closes the door locks up tight 

^ SANYO 

Sanyo stereo system 

 with 8-track recorder 
199.95 

Now ... a deluxe stereo system from Sanyo with built-in 
8-track recorder, automatic 3-speed record changer, high- fidelity acoustic speaker system and 
AM-FM radio. 

Stereos 

 save 61.95! Magnavox 

 console color TV set 
*568 
Reg. 629.95 

Mediterranean styling with 1 o o % modular solid state chassis, super bright picture tube, automatic fine tuning, 
25*’ diagonal color TV fro rn Magnavox. 

Televisions 

SHOP M O N DAY THRU SATURDAY IO Til 9 CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA. W IN D SO R PARKDillard: 

Children’s hospital bill advances 

EXPRESS CAPITOl BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A House subcommittee 
Thursday approved a $3.2 m illion con­ struction budget to ensure a state hospital for retarded children in San Antonio, Rep. 
Frank Madia announced. 
Madia, who sits on the Health and Welfare sub­ committee that recommends spending for mental health and retardation programs, said the funds would go to renovating six buildings on the grounds of San Antonio Chest Hospital. It is expected the project will be completed by next March. 
Along with the construction money, the subcom­ mit tee approved a $5.7 million two-year operating budget for the school. 
Faces more study 
AU recommendations of the subcommittee must be approved by the full committee and then by the 
House Appropriations Committee. 
The subcommittee also approved an additional two-year $4o(1,(HIO appropriation needed for the chest hospital to keep its food service operation. 
In other action related to San Antonio, the subcommittee: 
• Rejected a requested $o5o,ooo appropriation for the San Antonio State Hospital to provide space for additional beds. 
Granted a two-year $5oo,ooo appropriation to the state hospital for its non-residential service program. The hospital had requested $7oo,ooo. 
• Adopted a resolution by Madia recommending state hospital superintendents no longer be allowed to receive fringe benefits on top of their regular salaries. 
Adopted another Madia resolution to require the 
Department of Mental Health/Mental Retardation to begin submitting budgets for each of its centers in the state. 
Madia said overall, the state hospital complex in 
San Antonio has been recommended for the majority of funds requested. 
Vote OKs m assage parlor bill 

By ROBERT OCHOA 

EXPRESS CAPITOl BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A bill allowing counties to regulate massage parlor operations received tentative ap­ proval Thursday in the Texas House. 
The vote was 115 to 5. 
AU Kl members of the Bexar County delegation who were present voted for passage of the bill which will gel a third and final reading Monday. 
11B34 By Rep. Gene Green of Houston allows counties to regulate licensing, health standards, inspection, advertising content and clothing stan­ dards of massage parlors. 
License 
It also allows the county to revoke a parlor’s li­ cense upon conviction of any penal code offense and to prohibit massages of a person of the opposite sex. 
Although he voted for passage, Rep. Matt Garcia of San Antonio said he is still not satisfied with the legislation. 
He said the measure is open-ended and leaves room for parlor operators to circumvent the real intent of such legislation — to stop the massage business altogether. i think a bill should get to the point, be exact, anticipating all ramifications,” he said. 
One provision i i i the bill would prevent parlors from charging customers specifically for a massage. 
In Garcia’s v iew, “ they could charge the customers for other purposes and make the massage a freebie.” 
Suggestion 

’i f we passel a bill which stall'd no person shall lay a hand on another even for therapeutic purposes, then you'd stop all the massage parlors.” he said. 
Opponents of Green's bill were able to derail the bill temporarily Wednesday But it was maneuvered back onto the calendar Thursday where it was moved up to third reading with a minimum of de bate. 
Two Bexar legislators. Reps. Toe Hernandez anc 
Abe Ribak. were on excused absence and did no! vote. 
Bank failure affects 3,ooo 

 s 

ASSOCIATED m e s s 
T Y L E R - The first meeting of about TOO de­ positors of Winnsboro’* collapsed ( ain Banking 
(’n. did little to till their spirits 
Many ol the more than 
3.oo(1 depositors 'Rill don't know when, if ever. they will get any money 
I Kick 
As one of the few remaining private banks left i i i the state. Cain 
Banking Co. was neither insured nor regulated It closed Tan 24, two days after its president, Mul­ lin ( ain. HT, committed sun ide 
Auditor W illiam I. 
Long testified the bank had been insolvent for a couple of years and ( ain had never revealed the more than $2 million i i i overdrafts Ile earned them on the books as cash. Long said 
W uh only $4 J million 

II I assets, Hie bauk had louies aud overdrafts of 
$4 5 million when banker 
( ain killed himself with a 
,3x caliber gun in Ja n ­ uary ( ain left a ii de iii* 
I d i l a t i n g lie carried several falling busi­ nesses because of the 
I payrolls they brought to the community 
E tar Lawrence, trus­ tee i i i the c a s e , said he has filed lawsuits against several hoi cheth writers in ail attempt to recover money, bul some of them 

 are filing for person. bankruptcy. 
He said he has receive approximately $1o5,ooo i payments on notes 
Flights t< 
Laredo opposed 

AUSTIN (AB) - T I hearing examiner 
I three applicants to pi vide air service Indue 
San Antonio and Lure 

 h a s decided all thr should la- turned down 
John Soule, now ut the railroad eonimissni 
Thursday s a i d ii recommendation to t aeronautics commissi 
Friday will tie to rep the applicants 
The route currently being served by To 
International 
Soule said. "The c 
(Laredo) would bene from more service — 

 d o u b t about it — but w.Hild cause Texas Int national either to refit tis service or slop it i 
D idy, leaving the c worse off than before.' 
I iu- applicants ( 
Nmistad Air lines 
Mel flight and Tv las IV ta not yet i i i existence would tie organized tilt San \ntunio I ar flight, 

NOBODY UNDERSELLS WOLFE NURSERIES 

OPEN EVERYDAY 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY - SUNDAY 1o a.m. to 6 p.m. 

REG. $9.98 
EXTRA LARGE 
HANGING BASKETS 

These ore beautiful baskets full of plants Choose from ferns, 
Fantasia. 
Wondering 
Jew, 
Airplanes and others . 
Bloom mg Begonias . YOU NAME IT. 

CLOSING OUT 
CHOICE OF HOUSE 
29* ea 4 
REG. $2.98 & $3.98 
FRUIT TREES 

STRAWBERRY PLANTS 
INDIVIDUALLY POTTED 

* 1 . o o plants for 

 s4 
SO 

 each 

L I M I T 2 

(Clip & Bring Coupon) 
(Good Fn, Sat., Sun & Mon ] 

Boreroot . . . Choose from: PEACH, 
PLUM, PEAR and others. 

YOUR 
CHOICE* 1 . o o 
WHILE THEY 
LAST 

BEAUTIFUL BLOOMING 
BONANZA DWARF 
PEACH 
TREES 

Beautiful decoration and it beors fruit. The genetic^ dworf tree 
Tree beors fruit when its 3 ft toll 
.. now bearing sue 

BEAUTIFUL 
HANGING BASKETS 
We hove them 
Values to SS 98. Choose from: TERMS 
BEGONIAS 
WANDERING JfW 
YOU NAME IT... 
WE HAVE IT .. CHOICE Of THE HOUSE 

*3.99 „ 
2*., *7.9o 

OLEANDERS 
I Many rn bud Of bloom. Mony close to blooming . . . grow mg in 
T gallon cans . . . 
I Most all colors. 

1 .9 9 aa. 
5fors9.5o 
I SMALLER SIZE 
79* eo. 

SUPER SPECIAL 
FOR THE THRIFTY BUYER 
Choose from: GRUN DROPE, 
JAPANESE 
BOXWOOD. 
WAX 
UGUSTRUM, 
MONKEY 
CRASS, 
ASIATIC JASMINE, DWARF BUFORCI 
HOUY, and DWARF YOUPON 
HOUY. 
7 9 * e a . 

I O fo r s6 .9 o 
MIX OR MATCH 
HEDGE PLANTS & 
GROUND COVERS 
BOXWOOD 
W«N ro o te d p lan t* 
79* eo. IO for *2.5o 
JAPANESE LIGUSTRUM l o l l grow ing 
19« ea. IO For *1.75 
ENGLISH IVY 
6 plon t* to tray 
‘ 1.49 tray 
ALGERIAN IVY 
6 p lan t* to tray 
*1.49 tray 
VARIEGATED ALGERIAN IVY 
6 p lan t* to troy 
*1.49 tray 

CALADIUM 
BULBS 
Whit* with green, reds with green, red, pink colors 
COLORS. 

8 wonderful 
LARGE BULBS ... All 

2o*« 5lo, 98* 

LARGER BUIBS_.AU COLORS 

7 9 V 3 - ’2 “ 

*8.98 „ 

2 for 1 7 .oo 

AZALEAS 
Mony in bloom .. oil rn bud .. dwarf and fall growing in containers 

1.99 ea. 
2for$3.75 
URGER I MORE 
UNUSUAL VARIETIES 

*2.99 ea. 
2 far *5.9o 
HIBISCUS 
Singles & Doubles 
Red A Rink lorge plants grow ing in I gal con 
1.99ea. 

GRAPEVINES large vines, growing in I gallon cans. 

1.49 ea 
2 for *2.75 

SPRAY FRUIT TREES 
N OWl 
DONT HAVE ROTTEN FRUITS 
SPECTRACIDf ... Kills em oN 
Pint mokes 4B gallons useable spray. 
5.98 pint 

PLANT CONTAINER 
G RO W N FRUIT TREES 
FOR BEST RESULTS 
2 year old, S to 6 It. all... grow ing in 1 Pf1; **• ' V most oil in leal and bloom. Choose from: 
PEACH, PUK, PLUM and NEC 
TARINES TREES t APPLES. 

‘3 .9 8 m. 
2 tor‘7.5o 

LOOK AT THIS! 
I Two kinds of fruit 

I PEACH I PLUM j MIO ARINI AM) 
CITRUS TREES 
’ 6.98 tree 

CITRUS 
TREES 
3 ft. tall ... growing in con­ tainers ... 2 years old, grafted. 
Choose from: 
MEXICAN LIME, TANGERINE, 
ORANGE, 
LEMON and 
GRAPEFRUIT. 

LARGE ASSORTMENT 
OF VEGETABLE SEEDS 
AT POPULAR PRICES. 

BEAUTIFUL PLANTS 
TO MAKE YOUR O W N 
HANGING BASKETS 
Sprengen fern, Plumosa fern, Velvet Wonts, Spider Bionts, fontosio. Voreigoted Fantasia, Abosio Green Jew, Purple 
Striped Jew, Mouse Ears Jew (Baby), White Striped Jew, 
Bearded Jew, Lady Boot Jew, Bleeding Heart, Dollar Plant and Poka Dot ana Baby Tears 
YOUR 
CHOICE 
59* „ 
3 i«r *1.69 

USUAL 

$ 1 7 .9 9 
ARECA 
INDOORI 
PALM 

Nice and beautiful.. growing in IO" pot. 

‘7.88 

WHILE THEY LAST 

M A K I YOUR 
OWN BASKET 
8 " W IRE BASKET 
9 8 * ea. 

I 2” W IRE BKASET *1 .2 9 ea. 
Spagnum Moss 59< pkg. 

I 
BEDDING PLANTS SALE 

CALADIUM PLANTS 
Very colorful... all colors. 

5 9 \. 
3 ..r *1.75 

PLANT YOUR VEGETABLE 
GARDEN NOW! 
Now is the Hme to plant your vegetable garden. 
The experts oil ogree that Hie early part af March is the perfect planting lima for vegetable. Batter 
Yields. Better and bushier plants. 
PLANT YOUR GARDEN VEGETABLES NOW WE NAVE A 
LARGE ASSORTMENT Of VEGETABLE PLANTS NOW TO 
CHOOSE FROM: 

TOMATO PLANTS 
These are large plants . . . 6 to 8 plants to o troy 
Choose from: Tarty Girl, Boatmaster, Better 
Boy, Big Boy, Bonus, floralou, Marglobe, Super 
Fantastic, Sun Ript and Rutger. 

*1.75 
59* 
3 tray w troys for 

PEPPER PLANTS 
6 to B plants to tray . . . Choose from: CALIFORNIA 
WONDER and JAURE NO HOT. 

*1.75 
59' 
3 
J T tray w 

’ 6” 
2 „ ‘ 13 
SO 

FERTILIZE THAT LAWN NOW! 
Your yard needs food now . . . feed it only the best. 
GREEN GRO UWN FOOD 12-6-6 with iron, SO lh. bag feeds 
USo>g.ft. 

* 6 .9 5 tack 
3 socks For * 2 o .o o 
GREEN GRO UWN FOOD with Htptachlor, feeds and kills in­ sects at the same time. SO lb. tack. 

* 7 .9 5 •ack 
3 sacks for $2 2 . 5 o 
FREE USE OF SPREADER ON YOUR PURCHASE OF GREEN 
GRO FERTILIZER! 
WACCO FERTILIZER 
_ lO-lO-S-SOIb sack .......................... *7.95 SOCK 
WACCO FERTILIZER 
_ 15-5-5 _ so m> sack ........................... *7.95 sack 

Vt GORO FERTILIZER .. so lb sack.... *5.98 sack 

| GREEN LIGHT PECAN FOOD, 25 lb bag _ . feeds 
_ 
I the trees property, feeds 5-5" cafipar trees 
. . . 
6.99 Sack 
I GREEN LIGHT GENERAL PURPOSE FOOD, 
Ideal for garden etc. 25 lh. sock ...................... *5.59 Sack 
PECAN TREES 
OUT AT 
DISCOUNT PRICE 

WG $3499412999 
PECAN TREES 
S I O r n 
Appro* 12 ft lait. 
I A . J U 
BO . 
RIG. $22.99 PECAN TRIES 
Approx IO ft. tad, 4 yr- eld, grafted Choate from: 
Bast Varwhet 
. . . 
* 1 o .o o .a. 
RIG. $19.99 PECAN TRIES 
Aperea B N tai, grafted, 4 yr. ald Choate from 
W IW * . 
»7 5 o eo 

MG. SIO.** MUN IMIS 
Appro* 5 ll tai, wotted. J»r. j j A A old. Choose from. Best VoneHes J.U U BO. 
RIG. $6.99 PECAN TRIES 
3 ft. le i. Choate from Bet! 
Varieties. 
‘3.oo BO. 

SPECIAL GROUP SHRUB SALE 
All Regular $1.99 

CHINESE HOUV~t2te1B ton .. 
WAILEA! LUaOtUM... IS ten . 
BURFORD! HOUY _ IS lad...... 
GARDENIAS tv arkie sung It" tall 
PYRACANTHA ...M i#3* ten.. 
YOUR CHOKE 
‘ I 29 to 

. *1.29 ta. 
. ‘1.29 ea. 
. *1.29 ta. 
. *1.29 ea. 
. *1.29 ta. 
4 for *5.oo 

SHRUBS WHICH BLOOM 

ANO GROW EASY 
I FORSYTHIA 
(balden BoNj 
4 ll. tall 
*1.99 BO. 
FLOWERING QUINCI 
2 to J ti tad 
*1-99 t a . 
ALTHEA 
WM •* fbi, 
***** 
*■ AA _ 
I and purple) 
1.99 BO. 

PERSIAN LILAC 
*1.99 Ba, 
PH IA 
.. on 
(•Adel Wear*) 
1.99 BO. 

RED BUD TREE 

L I 
‘2 .9 8 m . 

• ' *4.98 s a . 

 fray a# frays for 

TOMATO PLANTS 

Individual pofted ... 12 varieties 
124 ea. 9 for 994 

PEPPER PLANTS 

Individual potted . . . Choose {rom: LONG YELLOW 

SWEET, BEU BOY, CALIFORNIA WONDER, GOLD STIKE, 

JAUPENO and LONG RED CAYENNE 
124 ea. 9 for 994 
EGGPLANTS............... 124 aa. 9 for 99« 
CUCUMBER............... 
124ea.9 for 994 

SQUASH................... 
124 aa. 9 for 994 

CANTALOUPE........... 
124 ea. 9 for 994 

OKRA...................... 
124 aa. 9 for 994 

WATERMELON 
124 aa. 9 for 994 

BROCCOLI................. 
124 ea. 9 for 994 
SWEETCORN............. 
124 ea. 9 for 994 

BRUSSELS SPROUTS . . . 
124 eo. 9 for 994 
CABBAGE................. 
124eo. 9 for 994 

COLLARDS................. 
124 aa. 9 for 994 

ASPARAGUS ROOTS 
Washington, loige roo is.. . . . <394 OO. 3 for *1.1S 
RHUBARB ROOTS 
Grant Vwtorra............................. 
794 ta. 
BERMUDA GREEN ONION 

PLANTS 6o to bumh................ 
794 bunch 

PLANT THESE 
GOODIES NOW! 
All plantBd in I gallon cans. 

HORSE R A D ISH 
984 ea. 
ARTICHOKE 
... Large plants ................... 1.99 ea. 

BLACKBERRY 
... Lawton......................... 934 eo. 
BOYSENBERRY 
.. Thornless...................... 984 ea. 
D EW BER R Y. . 

R A SPBER R Y.. 
984 ea. 

984 ea. 

MAKE A ROCK GARDEN 

RoSl* ARY 
*1.49.a. 

*1.98 bo. 

*1.49 bo. 

*1.98 bo. 

794 .a. 
WHITE CRUSHED MARELL. 
... SO lh. tack ... .TTT*1.99 •• 5 for *9.5o 
LAVA ROCK 
__ 
... Bed. 'A Ce. Ft keg 
1.99 ee 5 Ur‘9.5o 
HEAVY PUSTIC FOR 

COVERING GROUND 
4 Vt * pm »g. Ft. 

.. Large pion*................ 
RED YUCCA . largest. growing rn I gal tan......... 
PIAR (THORNLESS) CACTUS 
., Growing in I gel. con..... 
YUCCA AIOEFOIIA 
... Growing rn I gallon tan 
CACTUS 
. Assorted, sd kinds ........ 

PREPARE THOSE VEGETABLE 
GARDENS PROPERLY 
POTTING SOH ... 25 lh. tack .... .*1.99 sack 
PLANTING SAND 
Approx a Bu Bag ...................*1.49 sack 
TOP SOH 
Wool tar punting 5o Ik. bog 
*189»a«k 
COW MANURE 
_ Guaranteed woad free, 5o lh. seth ‘I 89 M(fc 
SHEEP MANURE 
~ Wed reffed . SO lh. tack ..... . *1.89ta<k 

BEARING SIZE 
FRUIT TREES 
• mast in bloom. 
PEACH TREES ta ! loci and bur lapped, IO varieties. 

‘ 7.98 M 2,.,*15.oo 
PEAR TREES 

Ballad and burlopped, BIST VARIETIES 

’ 7.98 - 2 ,.'1 5 .o o 
PLUM TREES 
Ballad and bur lapped Batt variant*. 

‘ 7 . 9 8 . 2,.*15.oo 

PLANT SHADE 
TREES NOW! 

These are all in perfect condition for now planting. 

ARIZONA ASH 

5 to 7 ft. tall, bolled 

 and burlopped 
* 2 .9 8 *o. 2 for * 4 .9 o 

MIMOSA SHADE TREE 

6 ft tad, growing in I gal. can 
* 2 .9 8 ca . 

MIMOSA SHADE TREE 

S to IO ft. toll, ^Towiii^ Iff 3 gal. coil.. ‘ 6 .9 8 

NON-BEARING MULBERRY 

S to 6 ft. tall, growing in I gal. tan .. * 2 .9 8 

NON-BEARING MULBERRY 

IO ft. tall, growing in 3 gal. con . . . . * 6 .9 8 S O . 

SYCAMORE SHADE TREE 

5 ta * ft. tall, growing in I gal. can . .* 2 .9 8 BO. 

SYCAMORE SHADE TREE 

Ioft. tad, growing in 3 gal. can .... ‘ 6 .9 8 BO . 

CHINESE UMBRELLA TREE 

 r t e I VV cabber, 

 growing rn 3 gal can. ...................... 
6 .9 8 B O . 

SILVER POPLAR TREE 

4 ta * ft tad, growing rn I gal. can . *2. 9 8 b o . 

HYBRID UVE OAK TREE 

Growing in 
3 gal. can ............... ‘ 6 .9 8 aa. 2 for * 1 3 .o o 

LARGER PRICED IN RATIO 

 ea. 

•a 

CALIFORNIA ARMSTRONG 
ROSE BUSHES! 
NEW CROP.. JUST ARRIVED 
PLANT NOW FOR BEST RESULTS 

Planted in one gallon cans, each a select rose, plant now far best results. Guaranteed. Double your money beck if you con find rasas of batter quobtyond batter root system. 

‘ 2 . 1 9 „ 
3 , . . ‘ 6 . 5 o 

6 
, , ’ 1 2 . 5 o 
MIX OR MATCH 

C h oo se From: 
WHIT!: 
Blombe Mollenn frau 8 ort Druse biti 
Virgo 

YlllOW: 
Golden Motteipiere 
Buccaneer 
I clipse 
Sutter s Gold towed J homos 

TWO-TORI: 
Cond*to Oe Sastogo forty Miner 
Pre* Hoover 
Peote 

BFD: 
Charlotte Armstrong 
Chrysler Impel tai 
Crimson Glory 
Sport on 

Carrousel 
Miiondy 

Nocturne 
MNK: 
Helen Troubel 
ItHony 
Show Girt 

Queen Elizabeth first love 

LOW CHOWING 
Circus Two lone 

Chatter red 
Mot go noster-orange 
Horodoro red 
Iceberg White 
Valentine-Red 
OB ANGI: 
Mope* 
Montecumo 
LAVINDER 
Hue Girl 
Sterling Silver 

CUMBERS 
Cl Charlotte Armstrong red 
Cl Crimson Glory red 
Cl High Noon yellow 
Cl Sutler s Gold yellow 
Cl. White Down 
Cl Chrysler Imperial led 
Cl Queen (liiobeth pink 
Cl Bloie Red 
Cl Aloho-hnk 
Cl Hew Oown Pink 

 e p t H n z m i 

REG. AV 

DALHIA 
TUBERS 

All colors. 

42*oo. 
UMH I I 
(Clip and bring fhrs eoopon) I 
ISM* tn.. tor, Iva aa* Maa j 

REG. Io< 

GLADIOLA BULBS 
2" mi 

 l a m 

ARIZONA 
ASH 

■de trot... erowttta 

S I 25 

I aa. 
LIMIT 4 

(Clip and bring this roopon) 
IGM* In tai. lea md Maa) 

6 V V aa. UMH SO 
((hp ond bring this coupon) 
(toad In. ta. tao aas Ota ) 
39 M u u m u u 

RIG. l i f t 

MAGNOLIA 
SHADE TREE 

 l f l f § l (•«( lY t f f l F I I R *** growing rn I gob** can. 

8 5 * en 
UMH 4 
(Clip ond bring this coupon) 

Itoadftn MW aa*Maa) 

 r f l A A A A A A u i 

RIG U N 

WASHINGTON 
ROBUST A RaIM TRH 
Growing rn I 

RIG. 19* 
TOMATO STAKES 
42" twisted heavy duty 

 wire. 
2o* aa. 
UMH IO | 
(Clip ond bung this coupon) 
I baa* to. Im . tea aa* Maa.) 

*1 K W R K K R i i 
F VDS2I222K^ 
USUAL $2.5o r f* 
CHINA DOLL 
Q 
ROSE BUSH 
^ ftnk Border Rose 2 yr tax old grawing rn I gal. can. 
$ 1 6 o 

■ 
LIMIT 51 
(Clip ond bring this coupon) 

(baa* t o , im , iaa aa* Marn J 
*3 AAA AAA * 

 e t 
V 
E S S S Z & t tii 

RIG. $8 VB 

PHILODfNDRON 
SIUOUM 

 i i SO 

I aa. 
LIMIT I 

[Clip ond bring this coupon) 
(baa* to. im, iaa aa*Urn.) m AAA AAA IB 

 glowing in i 

$ C BO 
* * 
J aa. 
UMIT I 
(Clip ond bring this coupon) 
(baa* to. Im, Iaa. aa* Maa) 
3 AAA AAA SP 
WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 
I. I SOT RUIZ a. 7oo7 SAN AC ORO AVK. a. 37oo BBOADWAY 4. o714 SO. F L O R IS 
S. I 134 AAT ROOK KR RO. UMIVIRSAL CITY 
4, 6 4 o 2 FIR K IN - A B I fit. , 

44 killed in Italian cadet plane crash 

PISA. Italy (A P ) — An Italian air Giusto Airport in this central Italian force C13o transport plane taking naval city. cadets on their first training flight 
Officials said the plane apparently crashed into the mountains north of exploded as it hit the mountain at an here Thursday, killing all 38 cadets altitude of about 2.8oo feet. and the and six crewmen, the Defense Ministry wreckage caught fire. Bodies were sajd spread over a half-mile range. 
The giant plane, carrying first-year cadets of ihe Leghorn Naval Academy, 
The flight was sch^ jlJ‘(i r to ^ 
Italy's Annapolis, crashed against MI. hour. over Tuscany and the Tyrrhenian 
. Serra shortly alter takeoff from San .Sea. before returning to I (sa. 
— _ 
TODAY’S 

I WlMMlMdl-------------- 
I NUMBERS I 

 j 
12 noon. 
I Deadline 
Mon. 
3-7-77 
*5o441'o7'8915 
IN G in CERTIFICATE 
*1o 465-68-6387 
IN G in CERTIFICATE 
S25 4 6 ?- 1 2 - 311n 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1o 455-o5- 8231 
IN G in CERTIFICATE 
S25 4 S 6 - I 4-31 4 5 

IN G in CERTIFICATE 
*1o 364-o3-3o23 

IN G in CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 4 5 o - 8 2 - 4 o 6 2 

IN G in CERTIFICATE *1o 3o9- 34- 5855 
IN G in CERTIFICATE 

456-35-6233 
TWO ‘5 SPURS TICKETS 

463-38-oo48 
TWO ‘5 SPURS TICKETS 

C lo im b n o t h o n o re d o n Sot. o r Sun. 

W inners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SW E E P ST A K E S ED ITOR at the Express-News building. 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. A l l PRIZES ARE IN THE FO R M O F GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N RED EEM A BLE AT ST O R ES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE S A N A N T O N IO EX PR ESS, THE N E W S , 

O R W E EK EN D EXPR ESS N E W S THIS W E E K . W inners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they m ay claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1,ooo OR MORE 
IN ARIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN WIN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you’ll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier yo u ge t it in, the m ore 

 d ra w in g s y o u ’ll be e ligib le for! 

N O PURCH ASE N EC ESSA R Y . Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press News upon request. W inning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a.m. to 5 :3o p.m. M onday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

Th* Rules: 

I . TO f H TM 

 w>rh aS ramrarto* inlarm a tian an* yaw. ba h ai *n<un>r towwSar an* aw* ti Ta I W U f f U K U . IX- 
M IU SNO N im 
SO. 
SO I 
IS SI. San t o t a l , (aaa* I l i f f tha antry m a n m art I 

> a m utant u t o M t o ta to* daffy baa Sn- lo a n I t p r t u an* T M Mawr. ha 

 aiwan at D O O in art sat. 
N th* 

 wnt* $ a nt. tha ta to w niy Say ta 
• lawn anta* W a a ma m a nwatbar 
H aubin ha* an frid a y. towaway. ar Sunday. Iha yrtia r m uff ha 
. tai m r a h , I p m th* fW h w m f 

 a astart tabtrnbar la th* aal I, 
I a ar* ti OS th# th a i ha ar th* a* ta a aatwar*. aWWratt#* an* than mail#a Ma yvr chara ta rn- amra* ta artar Intr, tar Wa atta aralia*!! at th# I a a* * -I an* 
Mama. Aaa- I an* thud U tram t JO a a ta SiSO am aaa* 
*a>t Sa aura ta aha** Itta t i l 

 tha l r a r m ar Mama ar hath ar M aaa tat rh ta a** an th# athar aaaar Or WB tn th# --SIO' h a t W raw Wa na* tatah ta auh at riba 

7. P R U IS 
Snaat an* ha attam d Watty Man- 
War thra a ff- f.tWar. in Itta ton 
Satanta l r ara it an* tha M a m an* Saturday art* to n War rn tha lapraar-Mawt bara* an a h r . 
•na • antiar ta* Warty an* an »M h art 
(ar th# ara#* a u h an* 
ManWayt W a r r r t at WI ha a r a r 
#a* ft** tartWwatat antithnf than. ta than chan* at marrhanWita tram taint b ara aW aamta* rn th# t o - __ 
•anta Ira ra t. th* Maarr. ar Sal- urWay ar I an* ay i r y . a u N a . , 
*arwtf that amah - 

SUNDA t 
SSIIIt 
W ill 
(O M DST 
O t 
SONUS 
N U M M I t ta a * I ti 

$1 OOO OS 
IWO*I 
(ACM 
W IW . 
HUS IO SHMS SS nexus ft ACH 

SISO m pal tar 

SAtuaPAV N ills WHI consist 
Of.OSO («» 
*» It) 
1o1$) 
I SHMS AS TK SITS It vats I 

M S T M i n s IN SOTH THI IX- 
N ISS AMP THI MUHS 

SSO HI 
IS IX) 
••(SI 
I SHW! SS ncxrrs it vats. a total o* ss OO in tuns oatlt SUM S SS SHUSS Titans* 

3. H O W YO U CAN 

W IN : 

 a dr aw m * at*t ha hat* daily ta 
*a!armma tha 
I attar, m f d a y * 

H an d ily a r w t n m il ba drawn rh* yr at adm a friday tha aarltar 

W intra rt m ay ranra ta tha Clr. tai anan 
Oast. at th# t r y m ii 
Mawr halt dim . A va 
I an* thud 
St. ta claim thaw y r.ia t 
TSray 
•natl h a .a a-aa* at thaw to n a l tocwnty nwmh tr. m ata-ahty a 
Sat mi Sat ar tty tar*, stat athar 
• daiiwttia iian 
•act H a I rya art an* M aw r by Hra 
I xrttar 

S . W H O M A Y IN T IR 

 tha SSO.OOO Sw aa aa rah ay 
ST H 
•nan ta any mrcWnnt at any am a 
• t o r tha San Am ania la a m tr an* tha Mawr am i~ 

 ar 
Wa bara a harm! bar ut ny 

 r a t a * wha 
*««ks y«w mtit 
AHB—! 
4. Of ADDNL TO CLAIM 
PRIZIB muwuna nanrhan wM ha pahhrh- a* aaa* day rn tha to- Amania lr yr art tha Maw I an* to lur day an* bn. dm I a yr#»» Mawr lr 
S t » wawtait rn* ham ant* 
•man Ww tr.ltnw.na Way ta itattn yr*ra> Mawr warn air wtX baya 

 ala familial at Iryrtu-N tw i 
Cam- an* Wart* hrmtmy Ca., thaw agami sn* dirtnbatart ara aal aharhta 
NO HMCHASI IS 
NICISSA* t TO INTT* OS Cl AIM 
A N ill An antry tar* wiX ha tamitha* wyrn rawaart tram tha 
San Amania try. arr an* lh# 
Mawr bam S.SO a rn ta S.SA p.m. w aah day. 
Win may aam- htrr may ba -rawa* at h r Is. matt Hawi hwWWmy bam S SO a.rn ta S.SO p m blanday bi day rn at rabbi Nbrarmt darma ayan haarr 
TOU 
NUO 
NOT 
IUSSC* (St 
OS 
MAHI 
ANV 
•MOCHAS* tat yaa marl amar ta ba ah» hla ta ann THIS O IIM is vow whi si Bistate iso av 
SAW 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
La 

 swaatuaww A D M A S TO POSTCARD, H IA S X ! am am arna 

S a n A n to n io b x p res* 
The N e w s *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES I 
Moil ha 
(sptvtv ond Mawr 5W ftP$TAK(S p O hot 2685 
Son A ntony, T asos 7 8 J 9 7 
• HIN CIRCULATION DIPT 

M V BOCIAN SAC UM ITV MWMBBB M i 
□ □ □ - □ □ - □ □ □ a 

□ 
YES 

□ 
NO 

PNfciss 

5W IfP 6 TAKI5 en d I w ould 
Mw so wwtwr a vobttf.piton o r 
•nOKotwd balow tot Itta n a il 
YO do yr 

H aora ant*# mw in toe 
S W flP S T A K ik but I p r a ts. not to cader a rubrtr.ption to t*m p o p * 'r of tot* bine 

TlLLPM Otot 

APT 

 btA Shf 
_ 

 a o o b c b b ______________________— 
_____________________________ _______ 

--------------- 
5 f A Y | __________________________ 
U P ____________ 

□ 
H b o s w Itoff dohawiy o f tow H a w i A S u n d a y 
L l P th o sw n a * d « iia a > y ©ft to e t sp r a t* A S u n d a y 

□ N a n Matt o*1.aW>y of tsotb ir p r e r r and Stow* 

□ 
» a n oh wady a *u b su tb »« ta tow I u » a s » . p tao t# a d d to# N ew t Aband©* S u d o r • • *"v iu b u « ^ b ae 

[ J » o h abw adr a su d su to H to *»w N e w *, plw ase a d d ttrw !* p t a » » M onday S hoo* lo n y tu b su ip tt* 

Poge I I -A 
H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Fridoy Morch 4 I 977 

D e c is io n a p p la u d e d 

HOUSTON (A P ) — San Antonio 
City Council s vote to settle out of court “ probably is the first real major step” toward settlement, a 
Lo-Vaca Gathering Co. official said 
Thursday 
Don E. New quist. Lo-Vaca vice president for public affairs, added: 
“ San Antonio has been a real leader in the overall settlement. 
“ I think their taking an official step probably will furnish motiva- 

 tion to go ahead. 
“ There are numerous other customers involved, and I think the vote, hopefully, will give some mo­ tivation to go on in a timely way with the other boards and governing bodies considering the matter. 

“ Hopefully this is a step toward getting some reconciliation to a problem that is not benefitting anyone. 
OUT-OF-COURT 

Continued from Page l.\ 

 prices. However proper settlement will prevent rates from escalating as ra­ pidly as in the past.” Pyndus said. 
In a third and related resolution, council endorsed .San Antonio as head­ quarters for a new company that will 
I** created if the settlement is finally carried through. 
Attached to that resolution is a letter from the president of Lo-Vaca to Tom 
Berg. chairman of City Public Service board, saving he feels sure the decision will be to locate here. The settlement proposal lists San Antonio and Corpus 
Christi as alternate sites. 
Rohde abstained <o1 the voice vote approval of the headquarters resolu­ tion. He said he simply wants to be consistent with opposition to the over­ all settlement 
The settlement resolution authorizes 
CPS to proceed with the settlement proposal. CPS is the publicly owned utility that actually filed the breach of contract suit against Lo-Vaca. Coastal and Coastal's bourd chairman. Oscar 
S. Wyatt. 
Other customers 
Settlement still depends on accep­ tance by other major customers such as Austin. Lower Colorado River 
Authority. Corpus Christi and Central 
Power and Light plus major private industrial customers. 
A target date of June 3(1 has been arbitrarily set for closing. But it is not binding. 
In addition to approval by other cities and industries, which have been waiting on San Antonio to make the first move, the settlement must be ap­ proved by various government agencies and bv Coastal officers and stockholders. 
During debate on the issue. Mrs. 
Gallegos recited a list of state actions she believes is necessary to relieve the pressure on soaring utility costs. 
“ The state re fu se s to do anything alinit this critical situation, and it is time our elected officials exerted their leadership in pushing the state to do something." she said. 

' SEMI-ANNUAL 
FamousMaJkers 

WE'VE 681 IHE MOST POPULAR 
NATIONAL BRAND APPLIANCES 
THAT ARE NOTTO OE MISSED 
Because... 
We want to be your favorite i 
"W store oolco 

( O PS had been promised earlier council would try to get key state offi­ cials here for a public meeting. 
Mayor Cockrell said she, C PS 
Chairman Berg and others have been in touch with state officials. While their schedules won't permit them to come here, they will receive a delega­ tion in Austin, the mayor said. 
“ We will go there bv the bus loads.” commented COPS member Clare Etta 
\\ illiams. 
In discussing what he termed “ the frustrations of the issue,” Hartman said the price of gas is not going down, but it has nothing to do with the settlement itself. 
CPS attorney 
The attorney hired by CPS to handle the lawsuit and settlement. W illiam 
Miller of W ashington, urged council to 
“ make the decision today or forget the settlement . . . negotiations can't go on indefinitely.” 
The rate relief package pushed by 
Cisneros would be funded by diverting current city income from the 11.5 per cent of total CPS revenues it receives iii lieu of takes and from reinstating the 78 cents per month charge now rebated to customers on the first 3oo kilowatt hours of electricity burned each month. 
The resolution committing council to a plan by the end of March embraces these concepts. 
In addition to council s own rate re­ lief package, all customers will share in cash benefits from the overall settlement with Coastal/Lo-Vaca. 
Rebate 

These benefits w ill be applied against the fuel adjustment clause on monthly bills and shown as a rebate. 
The overall settlement would create a new company to replace Lo-Vaca. remove it from Coastal and establish a customer benefit trust from a stock transfer. 
C oastal would finance a gas search program under which newly discov­ ered gas would be sold to the new company at discounted prices. 
AQUIFER 

 t ontinued from Page l.\ 
Kinney and Comal counties. 
Thursday's hearing, however. evolved i nto a debate between the 
Edwards Task Force. Bexar Coun­ ty and the attorney general's office on the one hand, and Uvalde Countv on the other. 
Bexar County Judge Blair Reeves spoke on behalf of the task force w hich is comprised of representatives I rom 
San Antonio. SARA, the Edwards Un­ derground Water District. Bexar. Co­ mal. Kendall and Medina Counties 
Judge Reeves told the board “ the change to seven different orders is ri­ diculous iii our thinking 
Speaking for the Edw ards Task 
Force. Reeves said “ in the past I :I months we have testified al three pub­ lic hearings and. counting today, two 
Imard meetings to support the reten­ tion of a single Edwards Order. 
“ In each case. the I ask Force was unanimous i i i l l s decision. And. I might note the great majority of testi­ mony at the public hearings was iii agreement with our position. 
“ This.” he said. "should be ade­ quate evidence we consider it vital to our local interests to maintain one strong Edwards Board Order to pro- ted the single recharge zone that spans seven counties. 
Webb told the board the seven county proposal is factually detective. 
"That is.” Webb continued, "aquifer knows no political boundary, I here- lore. treating people differently , based solely upon county boundaries, is ar­ bitrary aud capricious. 
“ There being no rational basis in having seven different orders with dif­ ferent prov isious to control pollution of one body of water, the proposal be I ore you toda.v would be. iii my opinion, indefensible in any legal attack that might be made upon it 
However, it was Uvalde County 
Judge Leo Dailey who captured lip* limelight with his testimony 
Feels sorry 
Parley, who touched on pollution. 
Imiitics and sympathy for the people ut san Antonio, told the hoard “ we re not mad at san Antonio. We lust feel sorry for them." 
Parley told the board long before mere was an Edwards Order, "the cit­ izens of 
Uvalde 
County pledged 
14oo.(IOO of their own bond money to building dams to protect the Edwards aquifer. 
“ What have we done to contaminate the Edwards aquifer''- Parley asked 
“ We haven't done anything to conta­ minate it. All we've done is built three dams which just recharge the aquifer. 

 and 15 recharge stations, that's what we've done. 
"W e recharge millions of gallons of water for those people in San Antonio 
We don't mind them having it — we lust want to use a little of it as it flows by us.” 
Then. without naming names. P a r­ ley launched a barrage at Webb. 
“ Then there's that boy from the at­ torney general's office.” he said. 
"Every time San Antonio shows up there s someone from the attorney general s office right behind them. It makes you wonder where the legal ef­ fort ends and the politics starts,” 
Parley charged 
Switching t>aek to San Antonio, the 
Uvalde County judge said. "those peo­ ple use this waler on their river to run little boats up and down . . . they use it on their grass and on their golf courses. Why they even brew beer with it. 
"In San Antonio they have fusses and fights, they have COPS (Communities 
Organized for Public Service). Those things don't concern us, aud we don't want to be part of them. 
"There s no question but what the proper procedure would be separate orders.” Parley concluded 
Nugent testifies 
State Rep. Jim Nugent of Kerrville, iii whose district I valde County is lo­ cated, also testified for the separate order proposal. 
Nugent not only supported the plan, but took a swat at Bexar County legis­ lators who has a bill pending in the 
House t*» revamp the TWQB. 
Not naming names. Nugent asked the board to "give our testimony the same weight you would to those San 
Antonio representatives who have filed a bill to ’blackjack* this board." 
(State Rep. Ron Bird of San Antonio, is author of a bill now in the House calling for the reorganization of the 
TU QU.) 
Also testifying for the proposal was 
Uvalde Mayor Cradles N. Cain, and 
John VV White, executive director of the Nueces River Authority headquar­ tered iii Uvalde. 
Alleged slayer 

A l.B L g U t H g lt : (A P ) - District 
Court Judge Richard Traub Thursday ordered a man accused of killing an 
Amarillo restaurant manager be re­ turned to Texas to face a m urder charge. 
Traub gave public defender Alice ll til or 24 hours to ask the New Mexico 
Supreme Court or federal court a stay of the order transferring David G rijal­ va, 21, of Gallup. 

O SKALO O SA low i 
(A P) — Postmaster Lee 
Hart may have an addi­ tion to the credo about nothing interfering with a postman’s appointed rounds 

Clarence Gibson, 7b, was driv mg out of the post office parking lot 
Wednesday when he lost control oi his ear The 

VII in the day's mail 

 vehicle smashed into the front window of tile post office. The ear finally came to rest i i i the mall sorting room after it had skidded through the lobby, destroying 15o post boxes and slightly injuring one customer 

It wasn't business as usual afterwards, said 
Postmaster Lee Hart 

S 
H 
I 

I 

— 
H en a 

\doolcO SELL-A-THON 

2 5 ” D IA G O N A L 1 o o % 
SOUD STATE COLOR 
CONSOLE TV WITH 
ACCUMATIC IV 

AtcuMotic IV odjust color, tint, brightness, controst automaticolly. Deluxe 

NCA SI* I OO features in a console color TV.. at a price that won t strain your family's budget, luxurious Mediterranean styled cabinet with a 

 pecan finish on hardboard. Simulated wood trim and concealed casters. 

#GA6S8. llr 

o 
SC 
H 

■< 
■ 
-wJ 
1 
' , 

 r- TTI ; | 
Electrpphonic 

TOTAL H O M E] 
ENTERTAINMENT CENTER I 
WITH 8-TRACK RECORDER / PLAYER 

VtCJI 
12” D IA G O N A L BLACK 
& W HITE PORTABLE 
$ 1 9 9 
$8 3 

 a en 
H 

Deluxe AM /FM /fM stereo ret ewer Profession! full-size record thonger with diomond stylus 

 and lucite dust cover 
Advanced built-in 8-track tape equipment 
Full range matched 

 speaker system. 4 D *»otriv Switch tor 4-chonnel sound JXFF64S 8 ?7 /M (l« 

■ w i ii uni t n w i T n 
--------------------------------------- 

Fast worm up picture tube— picture tom es on in approximately 6 seconds Convenient front- 

 mounted controls 1oo% solid state chassis for reliability Fidelity-engineered sound system 

 features a big 6' oval speaker # AX 12o 

CD 

A a 

O 
53 

I< 
I 

 a cfi 
J llr 

Whirlpool 

17 CU. FT. FROST 
FREE REFRIGERATOR 
W ITH 4.73 CU. FT. FREEZER 
* 3 7 9 

Provide big 17 cu. ft food storage capacity, including 4 73 cu. It 

 separate freezer. Separate temperature controls for refrigerator and 

 freezer sections. ? slide-out crispers Super Storage Doors wtth built rn 

Egg Nest and Butter Compartment. Power-Saving Heater Control Switch, 

 can save you money. Take advantage of this special offer' 

ICE M AGIC 
AUTOMATIC ICE MAKER 
$3o W/PURCHASE 
OF MODEL EDU 71 SR 

No more ice trays to fill or 

 spill because the IceMogic automatic ice maker replenishes ice supply as 

 you use it 

 t-" 
I> 
I 

DREER* 
53 
O r 

^ W h irlp o o l 
A. 2 SPEED 5 CYCLE 
18 LB. WASHER 

“ but there was busi­ ness.” 
About 25 pieces of mail were watered down when the car took out some plumbing, he said. but the mail was dried out and sent oil its way, 
Damage to the building was estimated at 832JHX). 
Gibson was not injured, although ills ear was demolished 

 zo 
% 
/ V 

Pac 
12-A 
H 
SAN A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
GRIMM’S your complete professional garden center 

' | 
NORTHEAST 
9PfN j g 
, ;3o^ :oo , NORTHW EST r_ — 
; 

'Xf-irl «<(.' injil 6923 San Pedro 
SUNDAY 9:oo-6:oo 
17o4 Bandfra Kd' I 
PH. 344-4576 
Ph. 434-4111 
*— 

 it 
- 
• 
J t 
'V :: . j v> r t ? t r r V f f f w vvt 
? Pt t • % » # * f f t ♦ r t f r t r ^ r f f f t f f 
FLOW ERING PEACHES blooming n o w ; l o g a l in t 
5 G A L . To^ii.n 

N O W 
$747 

Ea. 
N O W 
$14 
47 

Ea. 

RED BUD 
TREES 
Most Blooming Now! 
Beautiful Choices 
SH O P EAKLY 

‘ 6 
9 
” 
‘ 3 
9 
” 

6 & 8 Ft. Tall 
B/R FRUIT TREES 
EXTRA HEAVY FUU TREES 
Mix or Match ... Your Choice From 
PEACHES - PLUMS - PEARS 
APRICOTES & NECTERINES 
R e gu lar $ 6 .9 8 & $7.98. 

NOW 

VEGETABLE AND BERRY TIME! 
POTATOES R e d & W h i t e ..................................................... N o w 
29* lb. 
STRAWBERRIES S e q u o ia 3 ” p o ts 
.................................N o w 3 9 ‘ e a. 
ONIONS 6 o -in . b u n c h ........................................................ N o w 69< bu. 
#1 SEEDLESS THOMPSON G R APES ..................... N o w 989 ea. 
#1 CONCORD G R A P E S ..............................................N o w 1.19 ea. 
ASPARAGUS g a l. s iz e .................. 
N o w I .98 ea. 
HORSERADISH (3 p e r p k g .) - R e g . 2 . 4 9 ........................... 
N o w 2. I 7 
RHUBARD C rim so n R e d (3 p er p k g .) - R e g . 2 . 9 8 ............. N O W 2.47 
BLUEBERRIES S u p re m e ( I p e r p k g .) - R e g . 2 . 9 8 ...............N o w 2.47 
AUSTIN DEWBERRY (p k g .) - R e g . 3 . 4 9 .......................... N o w 2.47 
THORNLESS BOYSENBERRY (p k g .) - R e g. 3 .4 9 . . . . 
N o w 2.47 

TOMATOES— SWEET A HOT PEPPERS rn 
AND LOADS OF O TH ER S ....................................... N O W I V ea. 

PEACN TREES 
CLEARANCE 

CHOCTAW, CHEROKEE, MOHAWK, 
STUART ANO SUCCESS. 
ALSO OUR EXTRA LARGE TEXAS 
GIANT PECANS. 

REG. 
OFF PRICE 

$ Q 9 S 
«•*•** 
O 
I SOO sq. ft. 

& 

 ferti-lome 

WEED 

SPECIAL 

Rudy says: 

Pre-Emergency^V 
Weed ’em and reap! 

Give your lawn a healthy feeding and control weeds at the same time. 

SPRING 
GALORAMA 
Super Sale! 

Wax leaf lut. pjne Asst. loquats s.W. Viburnum, 
Youpons s.W. Myrtle 
DwE. Burfordi Rose Wary 
Juniper Asst. 
Values Front $1.98 To $2.98 
NOW *1.39 
3 FOR ‘3 .7 7 

APPLY NOW!!! 
You can trust your lawn to ferti-lome.../t works! ferti-lome 

Rudy Soys; 

N O W IS THE TIME 

TO FEED YOUR TREES ferti-lome 

TREE AND SHRUB 

FOOD! 

MAKES TREE 

FEEDING EASY! 

NO HOLES TO DIG— 

Has Penetrating Action 

TREE & SHRUB FOOD 

 r 
‘ 4 
. 9 
5 

( i r m i I p . A t fir rn ti ! 

( x i x a v Healthy 
Beautiful Plants 

 u tlh \niit»mil 

BACCTO/W 

 ti* 

 lins is nu (lire's idcul grow ­ ing tedium tor all p lan t­ ing uses including house plants, cuttings, seed Hats bulbs and w indow boxes. 
BUY NOW! 
25 
LB. 
SACK 
NOW 

ELEAGNES 
I got 24 it 
Mira full silver tokay* . ta h«dg»ay or landscape (XanFtriy 
Im WW y e n nr xouhjr 
I 
UMX* 

 c o u p o n 
, 

PEAT MOSS 
15# SI Aud Petit tar 

 mali tuny Of tranYpionlmq 
Roe. $2 69 
$ rn jy 
W/LOUTON 
■ 
UMM 4 

B B ARBORVITAE 
?4 to A) Extra M I hardy evergreen tor ouenl or hedge (jtonitng 

Keg 5 *9 * 
$ * 6 1 7 
W COUPON 
J 
U M I It 

COFFEE PLANTS 
M i fad exteHenf for rn or uutdoor In tonlumeu will baar coffee beans 
8.g V 98 
RI COUPON aren t 

HOLLY OAK 
I aal 
3 4 evergreen 
Shade tree, n 

I m S A tenuto 
'H G $1o 98 t 
^LLOUPUK __ 1 

Hee, loon) grower f Jfot _ l l 

 f c O U P O t S l M C O U p S n ^ c O U P O f T 

IGI 8 pot ANO MACIAMf 
Neutral Head HMH fate 
I f ti tmh for any decor rn or outside use 
Roy. $/ 9« 
Mf/COUPON 
X uaeie 

I ON* ID I I Af I JASMINE 
3 pol, excellent for fences <w (pound covet ureas 
Hardy 
While bloom'. 
* * * * * 

JjHUi. 

•oxwooo 
3 pot extra M I plants lei border or to* pion 
Mf “^COUPON 39J. 
3 / 6 , a a 

JUWI 24 

M O R A L E S 1 fath e r M ik e , left, m o th e r Estella, center, an d w id o w , M a ria , discuss fe d e ra l court p roce e din gs 
STAFF PH O TO BY iO H N TARSIKES 
23o escape paying tax 

WASHINGTON (AP) — A total of 23o of Hic nation's wealthiest individuals paid no federal income taxes in 1975. the T reasury D epartm ent reported 
Thursday. But the agency predicted that number will shrink substantially for 197(i. 

In a special an alysis o rd ered by 
Congress, Treasury said 34.121 in­ dividuals reported adjusted gross in­ comes of $29o,99o or more but 239 paid no tax. 
The total represented a decrease from the* 244 who paid no tax in 1974 but an increase from the 1B4 
A SSA SSIN A TIO N S 

Continued from Page IA he wanted to talk to Gonzalez before that happens. 
Gonzalez called Sprague an “ un­ conscionable scoundrel** in his letter of resignation Wednesday and said he had no choice hut to resign, since 
House leaders were not supporting his efforts to fire Sprague. 
O'Neill also said the fate of the committee ma\ hinge on whether three witnesses can provide new information on the King murder. 
Committee mem liers were talking 
Tlmrsda> of either dropping the Ken­ nedy investigation or delaying it while proceeding with the King probe. 
O'Neill said. 
O'Neill said the three witnesses, who were not identified, have ev idence that 

 would be of keen interest to the 
American people. 
The witnesses have not previously been called. O'Neill said, because of the committee's internal problems. 
Gonzalez fired Sprague Feb. 19. prim arily for refusing to cut staff costs. But the o th er c o m m itte e members countermanded the order, saving the firing had to be done by the full committee. 

House D em o c ratic le a d e r Jim 
Wright and U.S. Hep. Richardson 
P re y e r, c o m m ittee m e m b e r, said 
Thursday the committee would meet 
Monday, whether or nut Gonzalez was present. 
The committee is scheduled to end. bv House order, on March 31. 

 who escaped taxation in 1973. 
However, when expressed as a per­ centage of all individuals in that in­ come bracket, the proportion of non- taxpayers has remained virtually con­ stant'for the three-year period, the department said. 
The Treasury report concluded that despite the ability of some wealthy individuals to escape taxation, “ most high income taxpayers pay very sub­ stantial amounts of tax and are subject to high effective tax rates.'' 
The report said the effective tax rate for both taxpayers and nontaxpayers combined in the $299.999-plus category was 42.9 per cent in 1975. Less than 15 per cent of those taxpayers had tax rates of less than 29 per cent. Treasury said. 
By comparison, a family of four with the median income of $13,719 for 1975 would have had an effective tax rate of 
19 per cent, assuming the family took the standard deduction. 

T reasury concluded “ the changes made by the l ax Reform Act of 197H will largely elim inate high incom e nontaxables.” 

HAYES 

III said the government did not object to the exam in atio n and noted that 
Hayes had been declared competent before standing trial in state court for the shooting. 
Hayes was convicted in July by a state court jury of aggravated assault and he was sentenced to two to IO years iii prison. 
Attorney’s request 
H a y e s’ atto rn ey , M arvin M iller, stated in his motion requesting the psychiatric exam ination that he was told by a Texas Department of Correc­ tions physician that H ayes suffers from Organic Brain Syndrome. 
“ The disease is progressive and not curable." Miller said. 
Judge Spears gave Miller and his associate. William P. Miller, 2o days to file pretrial motions in the case and gave federal prosecutors 2o days to respond. 
Miller also asked Judge Spears to allow Hayes to stay in Wilford Hall until the examination because he was encountering pro blem s from other prisoners in Bexar County Jail. 
“ They have been cussing at him and kicking at his do o r,"-Miller said. 
Judge Spears told U.S. Marshals to insure Hayes is not disturbed in the jail even if it means separating him from the other prisoners. 
No disturbances 
Both Marvin and William Miller told 
Judge Spears they will probably file motions attacking the composition of the grand jury, charging selective prosecution and double jeopardy and asking for a change of venue. 
Pinckney said prosecution of the case will be led by Dan Rinzel. deputy cinel of the criminal section of the U.S. 
Justice Departm ent Civil Rights Di­ vision. 
Rinzel presented the Hayes case to the federal grand jury here last month. 

Man convicted o f real estate fraud 

PITTSBURGH (AP) - A Pittsburgh man has been conv icted on mail fraud charges for engaging in a national real estate sales b usin ess th a t listed properties, but rarely sold them. 
D R. M aclean was found g u ilty 
Wednesday following a six-week trial in U.S. District Court. Federal prose­ cutors contended his venture netted 
$899.9(19 in fees over a six-month pe­ riod. 

 r e d r il l KOPAK* value8i 

Lim it 2 

Value. 
KODAK* 126 COLOR PRINT FILM 
Vivid, high-quality 2o- 
^ exposure color film for 
| 4 * 9 
126 cartridge cameras. 
X 

I IO K odacolor ll 
W ARDS PRICE 
2o exposure. . .1.29 

Great value. 

Super 8 KodachromeK II movie film. 

M ake bright, nharp color movies indoors or out. 
5o-ft. film cartridge. 
2 
79 
Limit 2. 
Ward* price. 

Save 
Kodak XL3So 
MOVIE OUTFIT 

K h * tnt eye Hatty to load 
Kill!!, bat It rlet,, more 
199" 
W 

Great buy. 
Kodak * Tele-1 nstamatic * 
Telephoto lens, auto. exposure control. Color film, flip flash, strap. 

7o8 Outfit 
74" 
W ARDS PRICE 

Value 
K odakH 76oH Slide Carousel 
Auto, focusing. Quiet, dependable operation. 
/*» A Q Q 
Push-button reverse. forward, 169 
W ARDS PRICE 

Great value 
Kodak Instamatic® X-15 outfit 

Includes camera with pre-focused lens, package of K odacolor1' II 12 ex­ posure 126 Film, magicube and carry­ ing strap. 
1747 

W ARDS LOW PRICE 

Special. 
Kodak ‘ Instamatic 
28 camera outfit 

WARDS PRICE 
Electric eye, electronic shutter. 
Color film, flip flash, battery and strap. 

Value. 
Kodak $ Instamatic 8 
48 camera outfit 
99 
1o9 
Sharp 4-element lens, rangefind er focusing. Color film, flip flash strap. 

 w a r d s P R IC E 

STRETCH YOUR BUDGET W ITH WARDS CHARO ALL CREDIT— NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED 
Out to save? Let us help 
A A O N K .t) AA E K V 

P l V A I H l l 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericktburg Rd. it Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
So. New Braunfels at Southcroaa 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at Walzcm Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

SA N AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Friday M arch 4 1977 
Page I 3-A 
Educator is critical o f UTSA budget cut 

MI,,,,, , III k 
^ 
Very little salvagable items are left of the John Reynolds home in Velma, Okla. A tornado ripped through the area late Wednesday night, destroying everything in its path. Five homes were totally destroyed. Three tornadoes were reported in the area. — AP Wirephoto 
Bill cutting I T HSC surety fee near law 

EXPRESS CAPITO!. BURDEAU 
AUSTIN — A bill saving the University of 
Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio some SI.”) million in medical malpractice insurance premiums was sent to the gover­ nor Thursday. 
Simi ate Bill 191. In Sen Kent Hance of Lubbock. pa SMM I the House Thursday morn in u b\ a unani­ mous 125-o vote. 
SB391 allows the I niversity of Texas and Texas 
A&M University systems to establish a separate seif-insuranee fund to pay any damages against a member of the medical staff or student. 
Estim ated saving 

According to the bill s House sponsor. Hep. Tom 
I ber of Buy < ity. the bill will saw the L l system an estimated $5 million when it s next medical mal­ practice insurance premium comes due April I 

The I T Health Science Center at San Antonio paid a premium of $7oo,ooo for its current policy. 
According to Hep. Don Cartwright of San Antonio, tin* school had been advised its renewal premium might run as high as $1.5 million when it comes due 
April I 
In speaking for the bill Thursday. I ller told House members claims against the I T system for the past five years had never exceeded Slot).OOO annually. 
Based on the estimated premium for the next year. I her said “ that’s a lot of premimum to pay for no more claims than have been collected ” 
Cartwright, who has a similar bill in House com­ mittee, said he would amend Ins proposed legisla­ tion to include the Baylor University Medical and 
Dental schools, the Texas Tech Medical School and the School of Osteopathic Medicine in Fort Worth. 
None of these are included in the Hance- Cher measure passed Thursday. 
The entire Bexar County House delegation voted for S Iiiioi 

By Ll/ S W E E T 
If the U niversity of 
T e x a s at Sun Antonio is forced to live with Gov. 
Dolph Briscoe’s recom­ mended budget cuts. the student-teacher rat in will increase and the teachers will have less time for students. 
That was the belief Dr. 
B everly Gibbs. C TS A vice president for academ ic affairs, ex­ pressed Thursday. 
More than 25o con­ cerned students crowded into a UTSA lecture room to attend an information­ al meeting on the effects on the university of pro­ posed budget cuts. 
The meeting was or­ ganized bv the Coalition for the Maintenance of 
Educational Funding, a newly formed student group. lf the worst does hap­ pen and the governor’s reeonimendat ion is ap- proved, the university lias a difficult tusk ahead, said Dr. Gibbs 
The number of courses the university is able to offer will decline, sin* said. < Jraduate course of­ ferings will have to be narrowed and electives will have to bi’ tightly controlled. 
Legislators 
Dr. Gibbs said, how - ever, tins may not come to pass. Dr. Peter Flaw ti, 
UTSA president, and other members of the administration are work­ ing diligently w itll the 
Texas legislators, she said. 
The v ice president said she believed pressure by students or faculty is premature at this time. 
Coalition 
Chairm an 
Curt Dav is told the stu- 

G ra d u o te course offerin gs iv ill h a re lo be n a rro w ed a n d elec­ tives w ill h a r e lo he tig h t ly controlled 

 dents the governor had recommended UTSA re­ ceive approxim ately 
$1(1 J) million less than the university requested in operating funds for the next two years. 

“ Our future is on the line.” Davis said. “ I need a good education.” 
Davis also pointed out the difference in figures requested and recom ­ mended for univ ersit v 

 faculty salaries was 
$2<)o.(itl(l 
The coalition chairman noted the governor’s re­ commendation eliminat­ ed the university work- studv program entirely. 
More than SOO students at the university are em­ ployed in this program, which provides on-eam- pus jobs to help students work their wav through school. 
The program had been 

 allocated $125.(KHI for the next year and $15o,ooo for the following year by the 
Legislative 
Budget 
Board. 
The state funding, in turn, would generate 
SHOO.OOO in matching fe­ deral funds and provide a program enabling hundreds of students to earn an education. 
Briscoe, however, pro­ posed no funding for the program. 

Sc-.?* • rte rfr« 
■ 
'Va* f rn 
Now you can have a beautiful green lawn 

 without work or worry thanks to liquid fertilizers applied by a*Perni*o*Green. 

A greener lawn is what you’ll notice first— usual!) within IO to 14 days atter we first spray your lawn 
It will be greener because it is healthier. Greener because a-Perm-o-Green’s nutrients are promoting a deep root system and strong stems and blades. 
You'll notice something else tov), no chinch bug or grub worm problems because a-Perm-o-Green applies the correct insecticide at the right time — before damage is done. 
Join the thousands who are enjoying greener, healthier lawns thanks to a-Perm-o-Green applica­ tions last year. Your satisfaction is assured or you don’t owe us a cent. 

W hy is a-Per rn-o-Green so effective? 

Your lawn is sprayed with liquid fertilizer specially prepared by a Perm-o-Grecn to meet current soil, temperature and moisture conditions. 
Nutritional elements plus nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium are seasonally adjusted to promote the growth most beneficial at the time o! application 
Research proves that proper nutrition— rather than the soil itself— makes the difference between success and failure in creating a beautiful lawn. And creating bcuuiitui lawns is what a-Perm-o-Green is all about 

Average to s t? Less than $2o per application. 

Seems amazingly low, but a-Perm-a-Green is able to buy fertilizers and insecticides in quantity and pass the savings on to you. The average size lawn really 

 does average less than $2o per application— about the same as if you bought materials and applied them yourself (not counting the trips you’d make to the fertilizer store, the time and gamble over the correct mix to use, and the spreader equipment you'd have tv) rent or buy!) 

When do you join the program? Now! 

Over the next few weeks our lawn care profes­ sionals will take the a-Perm-o-Green trucks out to spray this year’s first treatments vin lawns throughout this area. 
Make sure your home is one ot out lust stops. Call us right now! 

 a-Perm-o-Green 

Lawn Spraying Schedule 

Spring: H aunted application in­ cludes nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium and Micro-Nutrients to gi\e your lu»n a strong, green leaf and stem. 

Early Summer: Another bal­ anced application of fe rtille rs 

 plus lusts tit ides tor control of grub worms, chinch hugs, and other pests. 

Summer: Mot weather nutrients 

 in seasonal!* balanced applica­ tion plus insecticides aimed at second generation chinch hugs. 

Fall: Kssential nutrients plus a 

 winterizing application lo pro­ mote deep root growth and a helpful fungicide. 

Call today for Free Estimate 
Free Lawn Analysis 226*2387 a*Perm*o*Green 

Lawn of Sun Antonio, Inc. 
617 North Flores, San Antonio, Texas 7H2o5 

Open 7 til 7 MON.-SAT 

WI WH CUMfc 

S u i S D 

12-6-6 buys 

12-6-6 formula fertilizer feeds undernourished lawns, 
Super 12-6-6 plus iron and sulphur controls yellow ing. 

Our fast-acting lawn fertilizer greens up grass in days. 12*6-6 formula helps trees, shrubs and vegetables. 
3(XX)-s q .ft. coverage. 388 

Reg. low price. 

Special 12-6-6 puts nature’s ingredients- iron and sulphur-back into minerally deplet­ ed lawns. Ends yellow­ ing, starts greening. A 
T T 88 

Reg. low price. 

Coming up roses. 

( j/ 
Canned bushes ready for planting. 

R E G U L A R L Y 
1.99 
I 44 

Hoses. W e probably can’t tell you a lot you don’t already know about these hardy and fragrant beauties. 
Except that they are on sale now at Wards. For a great low price. W e figured that we should tell you a great deal. 
2-gal. roses, reg. 2.99 
... 2.44 

Save 27% 

Versatile ligustrum adds a lovely touch. 

Use as screen ^ 4 4 or hedge. Fo* ^ j g.j. j 
Ii age in da r k R e g j 9 9 green, waxy. 

* Value. 

Assortment of flower 
^ ? and vegetable seeds. 

S a vt* on t h i s *"7 4 sp e c ia l asnort* w mc*tit of fresh Re*- garden seeds. price 

 pkg. low 

Great buy. 
Help new plants with 
Ortho" Up-Start 
Promotes early 
. u row th and / * 7 
M 
I at. 
Reg. 2.69 

 root reduces trulls plum shock. 

 r PREMER 
I sphagnum jaSEEffl it 
I 

3 i- : 
- . f l ’ r 

Save 2.11 

Canadian sphagnum peat moss soil conditioner. 

KichffS'T organ- £ * 8 8 ic blend holds O 
4 cu. h , moisture to st im- Reg. 8.99 ulate growth. 

You’ll like growing with us. 

W O N D E R L A N D M A L L 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 4 IO 
Open IO A .M . until 
9 P.M . daily 

M C C R E L E S S M A L L 

So. New Braunfels at SouthcroM 
Open IO A M. until 
9 P.M . daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IM 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open IO A .M . until 
9 P M daily 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
Rescuers get closer to imprisoned miner 

T O W ER C IT Y . 
Pa 
(A P ) — Workers using hand tools chipped i ii - gerlv at a *5o-font-thirk coal seam Thursday to rescue a miner trapped alone in a tiny chamber deep underground for more than two days. 
There was no word "ii seven men still missing in the mine. Two bodies had been recovered. 
While the men worked. 
Ronald Adley. who at­ tracted rescuers by rap­ ping on the walls of his small prison nearly a 

 mile back from the mine's entrance, waited with a supply of chewing tobacco and food pushed to him through a tiny shaft bored through the coal and rock 
Wants chew 

“ (five me a chew ," 
Adley had asked when rescuers finally made contact late Wednesday through the six-inch communications hole. Ile also asked for a shot of whisky, but was sent orange juice instead 

Ad lev's tapping was heard by rescue workers at 4:5o p.m. Wednesday. nearly 32 hours after a mass of water crashed through the roof of a shaft where the men were working in the 
Rocher Coal Co. mine. 
Asked about rumors that other noises had been heard inside the mine, federal mining of­ ficial John Shutuck re­ plied 
“ W e’ve heard some reports but we haven't confirmed them. 
Outside' of Adley moving 
MISSION 
^■SERIES 
Northside 
12823 
Nacogdoches 
655-8323 

2 COMPLETE 
GARDEN CENTERS 
TO SERVE YOU 

Southside 
2919 
Mission Rd. 
924-3181 

FOLLOW THESE MAPS 
AND DISCOVER 
PLANTS YOU’LL 
TREASURE 
FOR YEARS 

L t i l o 
N 

& 

LAWN & GARDEN 
CLINIC & SALE 

We will have experts in our stores on Saturday, March 5, to answer your questions on insect and disease control. 

1o% ORIHO 

OFF 
Garden & Lawn 
Chemicals 
1o% 

OFF 

Save 1o% on all Ortho Items in stock on March secludes, sprayers, books, fungicides, fertilizers, 
4, 5, 6, 7. Includes in­ weed killers, etc. 

Colorful 
Annual 

Bedding 

Plants 

Choose from Petunias, Dianthus, M a rig o ld , 
Verbenia, Phlox, Etc. Ind. Potted 6 Plan ts per tray. 

6 9 * tray or troys for * 4 . o o 
VEGETABLE PLANTS 

T O M A T O PLANTS 
Big Boy 
C W ry 
Bettor Bey ipriRf Giant retie 
B^g Set 
Home steed 
New met b i 

PIPPER PLANTS 
Bell 
Bone 
Jolopeno 
Cayenne 

IndivideeNy retted 
I 5* tech et 6 for 69* 

California G ro w n 

36 Non-Patent Var. 

* 2 . 1 9 
22 Patented Var. 

* 3 . 5 o up 
All Planted In 
2 Gallon Planter 
Container. #1 
Grades. Climbers 
And Bush. 

Geraniums: rn Beds Bloom 
Choose Item Bed, Salmon, rink, fuihte 4" rot SUe. 

9 8 
4 each 
SPECIAL 
Soil 
Conditioner 

• Breaks up tight soil 

• Adds vital nutrition 
GRAND lo""* 
Garden 
PRIZE" 

Reg. low 
Prict $3.19 

SAK PRICE 

SOU. 

Gypsum 

‘ 2 . 9 8 
DECORATIVE BARK 
High Mountain Redwood Bark, Clean Neot ground (over bark, excellent weed retarder far beds 
Choose from Jumbo, 

 medium of ynolt i ii . 
Giant 3 CU. ft. bog 

Reg. $4.89 
* 4 29 

Black 
Polythene Bed 
Divider Kits 

Includes 2o length o f divder, 3 m e'alS I 
C s O O stokes and one connector plug 
I Mw ear kit 

 tOWM IK I IM,' 
UMM 
I ‘ A.i to I !>.*•>. 

IG (rfliMMUUCMI eu net nest eu*t se no' *«»« 
UHM I* Vt HIK 
•#,v ae tnt 
Malt me 
UMX MAU 

Fortified With 
IS % SuHo*ei! - 
M f e M wed Diet few 
ORGANIC BASI 
(Ow Ie* MwIuhhr 
I J S (•Rvend) 
(ONI AML AU rat 
At ANT toot) tlUAINTl 
NttOtt* 
IN TMI Alf A 
• N iltM M 
• lated* e lim 

 etim 

MU Mf (wen 
H U I MOC 
Lrmi* tail u»» 
S w a g e ie e d 
■•eon si. re out eeict 
$ 7 .9 5 

We Suggest SulfoSoil 

Vegetable Garden, Your town, shrub* I tun mid IKON and SUIPHUI to 

 b l (Oma healthy and grim 

Wt lugged that you UM 

SULE ASOfl 
4 2 % IR O N 
2 o % SU LPH U R plus other trod limn nit 

SO# OUR PRICE 
'5 . 5 9 

OXY 8-8-8 
LAWN 
FOOD 

OXY l»« 

O n l i t ta** M m • ie « fle i. . . I . " le t fertile!*! fee 
IMkU WW H feMC 
« M il M fel IIM! wt tKiwke R M|t Ie 
,>«■•<« K. .ii.i.i tar 

O O O 

I AWN tOQO 

 litany.) im! I,HMM 
(Men an I S wNw! I. 
M f m m m H peete> 
Ille r 'M i »Ni<»n., 
MU Im (.MX 
I MO Lr It 
Super Sole Putt 
‘3.98 

Price Per Ton.. '3.5o Per Beg 

SCOTTS P J * 

TURF 

BUILDER 

Turf Builder Prices 
1ooo AR N, Reg SS W . . . 5 .4 9 
4ooo hi H Beg 1o 95... 9 .9 5 
4ooo mi It leg IJ.es. 1 2 .9 5 

CEDAR BARK 
MUICH 

Cu. Ft * 2 . 9 8 

LOOK 
AT THIS! 
Carl Pool lawn Green 
IO IO 5 
Contain*: 
I OS nitrogen 
IQS PhoLfKiuie 
1 % Fufoih 
11% Sulphur 
I hon 
SOU! lug 

Suggested Retail SB OO 
(leu Ymn Prue #79) 
Spetiel Minion Nunet y Put# 
6.98 par Bog 

 and outside of our own people, we haven't been able to (>Kk up any other sounds.” 
Adley told his rescuers that lie was alone. Walter 
Vicinelly, the state's top mining official, said, ad­ ding that, at most, the seven missing miners could not be more than 
25o feet away in a funnel adjacent to Adley’s rocky cubicle. 
Voice contact with Ad- 
Icy was made at 7:45 p.m. 
Officials said there was plenty of air in the mine pocket where Adley was trapped. They said the temperature was between 45 and 5o de­ grees. 
“ Adley is talking to us.” Vicinelly said at a 
Thursday news briefing. 
“ He's asking how far we’re in 
He's sitting there waiting for us to get to him.” 
Shutuck. an official with the federal Mining 
Enforcement and Safety 
Administration, said Ad­ ley was perched on splintered timber resting on a 45-degree slope in an area four-by-six-bv-eiglit feet. 
Good spirits 
“ The man is in excel­ lent sp irits,” Sh ut ack told a news briefing. 
Shutack said rescuers were perforating the coal face with a series of small holes, then cutting out the coal between Hid holes with hand tools rather than machinery to lessen the danger of a cavein. 
The mine is in Penn­ sylvania’s major anth­ racite. or hard coal. region, about 4(1 miles northeast of Harrisburg. 
A state mining inspec­ tor said Thursday that the arca being mined was dangerous because of water trapped in aban­ doned mine shafts, but he said that compared to other mines in the state it was relatively safe. 
Adley’s sister, C’arol 
K riser, stood watch behind a rope, staring at the mouth of the mine. 
“ W e’ve been here all night and we’re going to stay until he comes out." sin* said. 
His wife and two chil­ dren waited at home. 
State muling inspector 
Clarence E. M iller last visited the mine Jan IS 
In an interview Thurs­ day, lie said the arca was dangerous because of ii neharted. abandoned mines where water could be trapped But he said this was common, adding that it was impossible to stop mining in uncharted areas 
“ You would have to just shut anthracite down and forget about mining altogether.” he said. 
Police official killed 

(T U .W A N . 
Mexico 
(A P) — Ten men arilled witll automatic assault rifles attacked the car of an assistant chief of police, killing him and wounding a bodyguard, the police said Thursday. 
Culiaean, the center of illegal heroin trade in 
Mexico, has bet'll the site of dozens of shoot-outs between rival drug gangs and between the gangs and the police and sol­ diers, 
The victim of Wednes­ day s slaying was Alfredo 
Keyes Cureil, 49. assis­ tant chief of the state ot 
Sinaloa’s investigative 
I whee force, (uliacan is near the P acific coast and about NM) miles south of the U S. border. 
Bodyguard 

Keyes and his bodyguard were on the way to Keyes’ office when a van truck pulled iii front of the car, the van’s rear doors were thrown open and at least IU men with what the driver identified as I .S.-made commercial AK la au­ tomatic rifles opened fire on the car. said the chief of Sinaloa’s investigative police, Marco Antonio 
( amarena. 
The car was tut by more than (Hi bullets. 
Kcvt*s was hit ‘JU times iii the body and two tunes iii the head 
Keyes had m ade a name for him self iii the last two years within the police department by fir­ ing anti drug agents who w ere su sp ected of dealing with the u n d er­ world. 

Japanese trio frees hostages 

M IN E R S w a it to ta k e their turns in tfhe a r o u n d - t h e - c lo c k e f f o r t s to reach trap p e d m iner 
IO years given in kidnap 

S N Y D E R (A P ) - A 
19-year-old man con­ demned to death from 
San Angelo was sen­ tenced to ten years in prison Thursday for an­ other conviction — ag­ gravator! kidnaping in tile abduction of a state trooper. 

A nine-man. three- woman jury deliberated three hours in Snyder district court before agreeing on the penalty for 
Charles 
Francis 
Rumbaugh. 

On 
Wednesday, the 
132nd district court jury found Rumbaugh guilty of kidnaping police of­ ficer Keith Plie rigo on 
Dec. 7. 1975. 

TOKYO (A P ) — Four 
Japanese nationalists armed with a samurai sword and guns surren­ dered early Frid ay, ll hours after seizing hos­ tages in the headquarters of Japan’s most powerful economic organization. 
None of the captives was harmed. 
Police said the men handed over their weapons at about 3 a.m. and emerged one by one, wearing headbands with the rising sun emblem, from the 14-story head­ quarters of Keidanren. a federation of 898 busi­ nesses and industries. 
They bowed deeply to police and said: “ We are sorry to have bothered you." 
The rightists had scat­ tered leaflets denouncing big business for “ poison­ ing" Ja p a n ’s postwar society and landscape and they cited Hie Lock­ heed payoff scandal as one example. But beyond drawing attention to their 

 cause the purpose of their siege was not immediately clear. 
The men were taken to a nearby police station for questioning. 
The armed men sur­ rendered after talking for more than three hours with the widow of Yukio 
M ishim a, the noted 
Japanese writer who had championed a return to ancient Japanese values. 
The writer had figured prominently in the group’s leaflets. 
Mishim a committed ritual suicide in 197o after he failed to incite an uprising among Japan’s self-defense forces, lie had led a small private army of die-hard nation­ alists called the Shield 
Society, and at least some of the gunmen were believed to be former members. 
One of the conditions the men laid down in talking to Mrs. Mishima was that they be treated as samurai. Japanese 

 warriors, not as crimin­ als. police said. 
The siege began short­ ly after noon Thursday when the four men en­ tered the 
Keidanren headquarters, near the 
Im perial 
Palace, carrying the sword, a ri­ fle and a handgun. Firing three shots, they seized about a dozen hostages, but quickly all but four were released.. 

About five hours later, with hundreds of police blanketing the area, they freed two more. 
One of those set free. 
Tetsuya 
Senga, a 
87-year-old managing director of the federa­ tion, said the four were 
“ considerate, served us tea and allowed us to call our fam ilies to inform them we were in no danger.’’ 
Iii their leaflets, the men said they were members of the “ Youth 
League to Crush the Y and P System.” 

^ ° V V > 

 l f O'*' V 
6 

’V 
* o 

No/th Star 8t Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, Master Charge, 
BankAmericard, American Express. An cAmfac 
Company. 

SAN A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Friday M arch 4 1 97 7 
 to against seek support) Dillard 
I 1 TS A. cuts 

A Mississippi River bridge police car triggers an accusing arrow in its direction while exceeding the 4o m .p.h. speed limit on the New 
Orleans span. The new $ 1 5 o ,o o o warning system which lights up as speeders approach the bridge is designed to reduce mishaps by alerting drivers to slow down. — AP W irephoto 
Building organization chartered 

By VICKIE DAVIDSON 

City Council Thursday agreed to see it it could round up support for the 
University of Texas at 
San Antonio's efforts to block legislative fund cuts. 
S tu d e n ts re q u e ste d council support T h u r s ­ day. 
They *aid the state le­ gislature is considering a 
25 per cent cut to the 
CTS A budget for the next biennium. 
Ii that cut is approved, there s a possibility of a s u b s ta n tia l faculty layoff, course cuts and the elimination of degree programs, according lo 
Michael Tidwell, p re si­ dent of the VTSA student assembly. 
President 

UTSA President Peter d a w n has said the uni­ versity could lose some 
4o teachers from its 3o1) member faculty if the le­ gislature cuts the insti­ tution's budget. 
‘T m totally sympathe­ tic (to your c a u s e ) . ” 
Mayor Lila Cockrell told students 
She said council would talk with Dr. d a w n to see what type of support the council could give. 
The council also agreed to get more information 

Mayor Lila Cockrell said iou tied nill talk to I TS A President Peter Flown to see w hat typ e o f support the council could give 

 on the m atter from the city 's liaison m an in 
Austin — Jerry Henckel. 
It also is expected to poll the Bexar County legis­ lative delegation for sup­ port. 
CTSA s tu d e n ts said hearings on the proposed 
Mass 

 budget cut are scheduled next week in Austin. 
In other action, council sent a citizen's request on relocation of the Kelly 
Field National Bank lo the staff for study. 

Council 
C andidate 

Jesse Diaz asked council to pass a resolution against moving the bank from its current location at 71)7 Castroville Road to 
Wurzbach and Bandera roads in Leon Valley. 

He said removal would cost the city and 
Edgewood School D is­ trict tax money and would choke off growth in that area of the city. 
A hearing on the pro­ posed relocation is set for 
March 17 in Dallas. transit sales tax use backing sought 

A new non-profit o r­ ganization — tin* Basic 
( oust m e t ion O rg a n iz a ­ tion — has been c h a r ­ tered iii San Antonio. 
The o rg an ization 

 represents some KLIMM) construction-related e m ­ ployes in San Antonio, spokesman Donald Bras­ well told City Council 
Thursduv 

He said the group also r e p r e s e n t s som e $5o1) million iii payroll and sales and se n ices. 
The organization aims at providing information 

GETTHE BESTOF SEIKO 

 a t a t t 
■■clewed 

 interchanges with gov­ ernmental agencies and encouraging legislation beneficial to the co n ­ struction industry, a c ­ cording to Braswell. 

“ Your group sure has tapped a strong voice in the city.” said Council­ man Al Rohde. 

He recommended the group take an active part in the April ‘J election. 

The 
M etropolitan 
T r a n s it Authority A d­ visory Committee asked 
City Council Thursday to endorse a legislative amendment to earmark some of the city’s sales tax money for the pro­ posed metropolitan tran­ sit authority. 
Council m e m b e r s balked at making such an out right c o m m itm e n t and asked City Mgr. Tom 
Huebner to review var­ ious options. 
Huebner said sett im* aside a specific amount would re strict budget allocations 

 now. vvhile the leg isla­ ture is in session. Mayor 
Lila Cockrell said it would be better to first touch base with the local legislative delegation. 
Bond indentures creat­ ing the present San An­ tonio Transit System will be paid off next year. If an NITA is not created, the sy stem b eco m es a department of the city. 

Council informally en­ dorsed a change iii the 

 law that would continue the present structure on an interim basis. 
The transit issues were discussed during an in­ formal council session. 
Also during the infor­ mal session, council passed to H uebner for r e c o m m e n d a tio n a r e ­ quest the city establish an office charg ed with coordinating efforts to equip public buildings with access ramps for the handicapped 

Proposal 

M arilyn Jo n e s, aq v isory committee chair­ person. asked 3/1o of the 
I per cent sales tax be committed to mass tran­ sit. 
Mrs. Jo n e s said the issue needs reso lv in g 

1145.oo 
# / < 4 
V*v A Seiko watch has a lot to offer. And you get the best of what Seiko offers when you buy your watch at an Authorized Seiko store 

We're an Authorized Seiko store. We have a complete selection of all the latest models: analog and digital quartz, dress watches, sports models, d a y /date calendars, wrist alarms and more. For men. For women. 

And because we're an Authorized Seiko store, you can also depend on our efficient after-sales service organization. That means you get the backing of our reputation £is well as the Seiko warranty on the watch you choose 

You can count on getting the best of Seiko from Shaw s 

4 
CONVENIENT 
LOCATIONS 

DOWNTOWN 
SOUTH PARK MALL 
WONDERLAND 
SHOPPERS CITY MALL 

A quifer gets com petition from Canyon 

Canyon Lake water, if taken from the right place, is of better quality for municipal use than water from the Edwards aquifer, studies show. 
Dr. Herbert Hannan of 
Southwest Texas State 
University in San Marcos explained the results of studies by himself and students at the Texas 
Water 
C o nservation 
Assn., m eeting al the 
Hilton Palacio del Rio 
Hotel. 
Dr. Hannan said the 
Dost plate to draw water from Canyon Lake is near the surface next to the dam. 
He and SWTSU s t u ­ dents have tested water quality at checkpoints lo­ cated on the Guadalupe 
River, around the reser­ voir and d o w n s tr e a m from the dam. 
Reservoir 
The general effect of the reservoir on the qua- lits of the river water is to clean it up, Dr. Han­ nan said 
In t e r m s of w ater h ardness and n itrates, the w a te r is of b e tte r qualitv than that taken 
BLET MIGNON 
*2.99 

Reg. 3 . 4 9 

Ours is w o rth y of its name. 

IT* tin' k in - o f .leak*. V •'fiierou* H <** cu t o f lu*< iou* filet m ign on w rappt-d iii bacon. IMo* p o tato an d Sizzler toa*t. MI at a barg ain price. ^ on w on't believe bow Hood it i» o otil von vc tried it. 

• 462o Broadway 
• 14o2 S.W. Military Dr. 

• Broadway at Loop 41o 

• Hwy. 9o at Military Dr. 

• Vane* Jackson at loop 41o 
SUN.-THURS. 11 A M. 9 P.M. 

 from the Edw ards, the sole d r in k in g w a te r source for San Antonio 
Noting that San Anton­ io had last year negotiat­ ed for Canyon 
Lake water. Dr. Hannan called the lake an excellent re­ servoir. 
City Water Board Gen. 
Mgr. Robert Van Dyke said CWB had planned to draw w a te r from the place adv ised by Dr 
Hannan, agreeing that it was the best place. 
City Council lust su m ­ mer rejected a CWB-pro- posed contract for Can­ yon Lake water and in­ structed CWB to renego­ tiate a contract with the 
Guadalupe-Bluneo River 
Authority. 
Convention 
The association's con­ vention ends Fridav. The meeting's highlight will be at H a m. Friday when 
Texas House Speaker Bill 
( lavton will talk on the proposed reorgamzution of T e x a s' th re e state water agencies 
Those agencies are the 
T ex as W ater Quality 
Board, the Texas Water 
Development Board and 
4 the T e x a s Water Hights 
Commission. 
Gunshot wound is fatal 

A 3u-v ear-old man died 
Thursday night following i a shooting incident iii a parking lot iii the aho block of the New Laredo 
Hwy., police said 
Police identified the victim as Armando P. 
Apoliuur oi 25fMi S Gen. 
McMullen Drive lie was pronounced dead at Green Hospital follow mg tile NCMI p in. incident 

W m u s s e s told p o lic e t h e v let I rn w a s shot a f te r tic a u d a w o m a n left a ii e a r bv l o u n g e . A 
Ik i c a l i b e r pistol vvas found in sid e th e v ti tun s car in j th e lot. officers sa id 

I ha rued with murder is Celia Sanchez, ll. of 
•IIT Lovell Drive. She was lulled in lieu of a SRI.IMM) boud sci by Night Magis­ trate Manuel Lopez 

ROCK 
FOLLIES 

' 
* 
S i 

Three ambitious girls rock to music stardom! 
11:oo Tonight 

GJ O 
T F X A S W t t K L Y 
Nichol.it JohiiMH), Ioiimm FCC Ct*) Ii nos 
Moue) by 
I IU *.uithO| iii ■ 
‘ Mow ti* I .ilk finsk ti* Yoii»i 7 *>b-yi»«Oo * 
Si-1 ami n o r .’in I)•-,««I iii N.itiuii.il Cill 
/»‘ii\ 
(in 
Kin.nil ,r |mt| i' mn-slutm-ti 
'.Omul flu* St,ii*' ii) Antrin: .IO ll.nim 
.nut 
D b yoni.. by 
K H IN 
(lost Hill A i ii In von 

/.OU 
1 1 o o 
I filC OM I TAX CL I NIC 
Yiutvt.'is '.nr my lb'll in t’.iil rn Ib m bi* 

U U l ' s l H ' M S b l 
I H M i m * ' b i n 
IS k l H U 
Un IRS Ob- I C O A Sikh ty .mil th. 
, 
U iuynsitv 'if 
1r*.*s 
Acc)Hintitu< Dept 

11 OU J H O C K f t i l . I I t s, a bv.) IM H 'cliam u 
" i 
Tin nr .nil bi tun i> 
Mb tty til tifok thru 
.'44, yy*lY hi n»u*u; »j.u<luitt \> » 
1> 

■ b t t 
GR6AT THINGS 
FESTIVAL '77 
MARCH 4-2o 
KIRN-TVIH 

EHKLRII-TY 
»«*■ Z IM A UMH! Tt7 t i 
Uo* 9 Urn A*t*»to TAMI 

I wan ta till* ta feaawtw • mantwi 
C rMtoMrf a lay (.hoc* tar: 

□ t i s 
D m 
O M 
[ J * too 
AH mamfcen w t w • twM r a n a»h*cr«»u.«t In Oat 
CS wuwt • month*? qrqqrnm gntOe. T N I M HC DOL I . 

N A M I. 

ADDRESS. 

CITY_____ 
STATI, 
ZUL 

E\ 

& tx 
•' 

WL 

 l l 

J 

IO 

 r'V 

C om m ittee on Ft. Sam project OKd 

An ordinance establishing an advisory com m ittee tor the Ft. Sam Houston 
Gateway renewal project was passed 
Thursday by City Council. 
But council delayed naming committee members until there is time to better review Hie project boundaries and consider membership. 
Council agreed to the delav at the request of (iii 
Murillo, a property ow nor in the urea and member of 
( ommunities Organized for Public Service. 
Funding 
Initial funding of $343.(Min for the redevelopment project will come from community development funds. More than $3.2 million will be needed, based on current concepts which haven t been refined yet. 
Iii other business, council named the public re­ creation area at 15oo Saltillo St. the St. Timonthy 
Park. a* requested by people living in that area. 
Council approved a resolution supporting the $4 billion public works bill pending in Congress, a bill to provide money to create jobs iii high unemploy­ ment ureas, such as San Antonio 

V 

 y . 
\ 
* S’* 

) 

3-pc. pantsuits! 

Aztec influence, 

 new world style 
36 

Vivid aqua, sunny coral in an 

 eye-catching Aztec print. Cool 

 three pieces in 1oo% polyester 

 for a carefree life. 1o to 18. 

Dresv Shop 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9 

Friday March 4 1977 
I------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
San Antonio Express 
EDITORIALS 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 

W illiam J Reddell 
G eorge Carmack 
Fane L. Burt 
Editor of Editorial Page 
Associate Editor 
M anaging Editor 
Gas settlem ent vote no surprise 

City Council, in a B-3 vote, moved the complex and contro­ versial settlem ent proposal between Coastal States Gas 
Corp. and 4oo customers a step nearer resolution. 
Approval by council was in­ evitable. Tough political reality switched only one vote — that of 
Councilman Henry Cisneros — when voting time came. 
Council had informally com­ mitted itself to settlement last summer if a proposal could be improved to what council members referred to as a “ bot­ tom line proposal.” It was gen­ erally conceded the bottom line had been reached by negotia­ tors. 
San Antonio approval is one of a series that must be forth­ coming before the proposal may go before 
District 
.Judge 
Charles Matthews in Austin and the Railroad Commission. The 
City of Austin had scant opposi­ tion to the package at a public 

 hearing last week. The Lower 
Colorado River Authority has a committee at work among 
LCRA customers to see how they view the proposal. 
Most of the negotiators agree the settlement proposal is better than pressing for bankruptcy of the Coastal States empire be­ cause it spins off for settling customers a new company in position to supply gas. A gas supply under settled conditions is presumed to be a desirable goal. San Antonio, for example, is to receive approximately $84 million in benefits — stock, discounted gas and earnings from stock in new company. 
That payout could be larger if the gas search program which is part of the package is more successful than estimates made for settling purposes. 
Risks on each side are real. 
Realism suggests risks on the side of settling are less than in bankruptcy. 
House knuckles under to pass a tougher code o f ethics 

The U. S. House of Repre­ sentatives passed a code of eth­ ics bill Wednesday after seven hours of debate. On a roll call, the measure goes to the Senate by an overwhelming 4o2 to 22 vote. The Senate is considering a similar bill. 

The bill is the second part of a proposal by the commission on federal pay, which supported congressional aud other pay in­ creases IF Congress would bind itself to a credible code of con­ duct. The speaker insisted upon passage in a strong form. 

If the Senate passes the bill, members of Congress w ill be li­ mited to outside earnings of 
$8,B25 a year. The bill requires extensive financial reporting, prohibits acceptance of gifts va­ lued at more than $1oo, and prohibits junkets by lume-duck members. 
The income restriction aims at ending the spreading practice of paying fat fees for members to speak outside Congress. 

Basis of the code, aside from the salary commission pressure for it, is a series of opinion sur­ veys showing public confidence in Congress at a low ebb. Opin­ ions fed on abuses of office and lax response by Congress. 
Unquestionably, the public expects a higher code of conduct than has been tolerated — if not, in fact, encouraged 
— by the members, themselves. Polls show, generally, that a member’s constituents usually rank him high but the Congress low. Reform-minded members were incensed, however, when 
Florida’s Rep. Robert L. F. 
Sikes was re-elected just after the House reprimanded him for abuse of power as a committee chairman. 
If members have to make a sacrifice by limiting earned in­ come. so be it. They all volun­ teered. But few of us would consider a job paving $57,5oo and perquisites much of a sacrifice, especially for anyone likely to want to be in Congress. 
D etoxification a useful step 

Uncle Sam will build a de­ toxification center for Bexar 
County. The Economic Develop­ ment Administration grant of 
$425,ooo will fund a 52-bed alco­ hol detoxification building to house drunk persons who would otherwise normally be put in jail. 
The special housing, which could be ready within a half year, was announced this week by 
County 
Com. 
Tom 
Stolhandske, chairman of com­ mittee handling the problem. 
The place will help eliminate problems of crowding in jail and of putting drunks and other ill persons in cells. The County 

‘Well, well, well! What have we here?’ 

Mental Health/Mental Retarda­ tion organization will provide professional staff in the unit. 

Stolhandske’s goal is to have judges process drunks through the unit into treatment facilities. 
Traffic from drunken persons is steadily rising and it is obvious that the jail isn’t designed or staffed to handle the problem. 

Next step is to get regional jails, with farming space, w here all prisoners can be given phy­ sical exercise while they are in­ carcerated. The number of per­ sons in jails is supposed to in­ crease with time and more courts. 

Letter likened to a snow job. 

Sir: Heading Robert Paul Sieurello's letter (Feb. 2o) was like sitting in a courtroom, listening to a mouthpiece expound. It is difficult to dispute his chosen words; still you know i f s a snow job. 
Buried in all the verbiage was the fact that the national Republican can­ didates won in 1952 and again in 19o8 
Then he tries to tie those \ (d o ries to 
Ins own ideas of how the Am erican m ental process should function. 
Anyone with enough m ental ability to tie his shoelaces knows that Ike won the election of 1952, and not the DOP. 
Ike could have run on the Dirty Dishes in the Sink ticket and won. 
The 19G8 election was decided in the 
New H am pshire p rim ary , and LIU. 
Twilight zone 

Speed of news 

Sir: Bud new s tra v e ls fast, w hile good news barely sees the light of day. 
The F ed eral C om m unications Com ­ m ission announced last week th at a lcnghty investigation of the Bell Sys­ tem showed that Bell is providing good service at reaso n ab le rate s and that 
Western Electric should not be sep ar­ ated from the Bell System. 
The story w arranted one paragraph in the Express, 
Sunday s E x p re ss-N ew s e a r n e d a lengthy story beneath a lour-colum n headline, quoting an obscure book that claim s American Telephone and Tele­ graph is becom ing a g re a te r risk to investors. 
T h e book, w ritte n by an o b s c u re lawyer and an even m ore obscure en­ gineer, sells for $75o per copy. Wow! 
Well, at least they a d m it th e re is s o m e r is k in v o lv ed in 
AT&T inv estm en t, which is why AT&T d e ­ serves a reasonable re tu rn on its in- vestm ent, which totals $73 billion. 
That investm ent alone is indicative that AT&T is here to stay. 
Marco (William 
News Services Manager 
Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. 

Som e rights m ust yield to society 

Sir: Thank you for including in your 
Feb. 19 editorial, that portion under the heading “ A way to get the weeds cu t.” For 1. too, have sought as you have to get our city officials m ore attentive toward this effort to reduce the eyesores so prevalent in our city. 
You m ay be interested in the a t­ tached com m ents I received in 1975, in response to a letter to Mayor Cockrell concerning this subject. 
I believe there is a limit on how far we can extend the rights and freedom of ownership privileges, if we want to provide ourselves a well preserv ed com m unity, free of owner dereliction that exposes our com m unity to the hazards of health, fire, and crim inal progression. 
Perhaps one day we will recognize that we cannot live together without relinquishing portions of our unaliena­ ble civil rights in order to benefit the wholesomeness ol society. 
Harold ll. Graham 
(NOTE: Attachment was a letter from the director. Metropolitan Health 
District, which said compliance with law and lack of specific state law makes it impractical for the city to try to force elean-up of private property.) 

Letters 
TO THE EDITOR 

L etters to th is n e w s p o p e r sh o u ld b o s h o rt a n d th ey m u st b e sig n ed . Initiols o n ly w ill b e u s e d a t w rifo r’t re q u e s t. C o rrect a d d re s s o n d te le p h o n e n u m b e r fo r id e n tific a tio n o f le tte rs o re n e e d e d , l e t t e r s w ill b e e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o o d ta s t e a n d le g a l re a s o n s . 
A d d ress: l e tte r s to th e e d ito r, P .O . B oa 2 1 7 1 , Son 
A n to n io , TX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

 being the sm a rt political! that he was, read the writing on the wall correctly. 
Let us hope we are now on a better path. C arter is not a Lincoln, either, but he seem s to have the sam e co m ­ pass. 
William Smith 
Mrs. O’H air, church are called alike 

Sir:- Mrs. Madalyn M urray O 'H air 
(Express. Feb. 19) is a worthy ad v e r­ sary of Christianity. She is as absolute and aggressive, as overbearing, a rro ­ gant and intolerant, and as dogm atic, om niscient, infallible and salvific as any of the churches have ever been. 
She and such a brand of Christianity deserve one another. 
When Mrs. O’Hair says she knows m ore than anyone else about church corruption, she sounds like any all­ know ing c le rg y m a n ; but su re ly so ­ 

 meone with such a lovely sm ile (inter­ view photo) has to have at least the tip of hor tongue in cheek. Still, I’ve seen bishops sm ile that way, too. 

Mrs. O’Hair m akes it clear she is not an atheist, but an agnostic hum anist. I respect her “ ignorance” and m ine, too 
— in fact, w e’re all in a “ w ilderness” 
(was any church ever m o re condes­ cending than she when she prom ises with a sm ile to lead Christians out of th eir guilty confusion?) — but she sounds as dogm atic and alm ost defiant in her protestation of agnostic ignor­ ance as som e C hristians professing their theistic convictions. Do we have som ething in com m on here? Like be­ ing proud of our hum ility? 

We may have even m ore in common: scandal. The scandal of dogm a which is a s tu m b lin g block to ag n o s tic s tripped up by the difference between not being able to know anything and being unable to know everything, and the scandal of the com m and to love which is a burden to the churches as they try to flesh out their theism by ea stin g out fea r, p rid e, p re ju d ice, trium phalism and force of any kind — except tho force of exam ple. Madalyn 
M urray O’H air m ay be right in finding the scriptures “ incredible” when they call for that kind of love, and in some m easure she m ay be justified in criti­ cizin g c h u r c h e s w h ich s o m e tim e s preach better than they practice such a scandalous com m and. 
Fr. Sherrill Smith 

Lopez 
Portillo has job of reform 

PUERTO V A L L A R T A , M e x i ­ co — This ha- to be paradise. 

The sea glows like a sunlit turquoise 
T h e c o b b l e s ! oned to wn b e s u n ­ spoiled, even bv th< delirious tourists. in th e cro o k ed art)): b f t h e Si n a 
Madre. 
Almost everybody I a: 
> ■ k u i the place virtually sings with prosperity. 
Yet, even here, the corrosive prob­ lems that are gnaw ing at all of Mexico are enragingly present. 
Recently, for instance, the people of 
Puerto Vallarta voted decisively for a mayoral candidate of a party in oppo­ sition to the PR I, the single “ revolu­ tionary” party that has ruled Mexico since the 191o revolution. 

Machine gesture 

T h e g o v e r n m e n t iii M ex ico City didn’t like this at all and, with a g es­ ture as old and as delicate as that of the Chicago m achine's, ca m e in and carted off the ballot boxes. 
But the people, like so m any groups all over Mexico today, were not cowed. 
They barricaded the downtown and 

Little saga o f little Puerto 
Vallarta represents many things that are happening in Mexico today. 

 kept th e so ld iers at bay for se v e ra l days. 
F inally, th e P R I did w in, at least tem porarily. 
Its m ayor was installed, but with the whispered prom ise to the people that he would soon be replaced. 
This little saga of little P uerto Yol- larta represents m any things that are happening in Mexico today. 
T h e p r o g n o s is fo r th e f u tu r e , if things do not change ra th e r radically under the new p resid en t. Jo se Lopez 
Portillo, is not good. 

In between 

As o n e p r o m in e n t 
M e x ica n new spaper editor puts it, despairingly, 
"M exico is going to end up som ew here between Puerto Rico and A rgentina.” 
W hat he m e a n s is s o m e w h e r e b etw e e n th e d e p e n d e n c e upon th e 
United States that is already here and growing (7o per cent of exports go to the United States) and the utterly sen­ seless v iolence of Argentina, an arch is­ tic in ch aracter and intractable in so­ lution. 
Unfortunately, this rings all loo true in this beautiful land, as it e n te rs a new and dangerous period. 
For years. Mexico has prided itself iii being one of those countries that was taking a "th ird way*’ — and the recent p re s id e n t. Luis F e h e v e r riu , p rid e d himself on this to the point of m ania. 
This third way, som ew here ideologi­ cally betw een c a p ita lis m an d c o m ­ m unism , was to use discrim inatingly the best of both and avoid the worst of both. 

Worked well 

This w orked well, until co rru p tio n itself becam e the m ain reason for po­ litics. 
Now, the new "th ird w ay,” which is happening here and m o re and m o re across th e world is th at Mexico h as b e c o m e one of th o s e c o u n t r i e s too s tro n g to fall to ta lly to C o m m u n is t subversion or sen seless violence but too weak to reform or revitalize itself. lf not a r r e s te d in s o m e d r a m a tic way. what this new “ third w ay” m ean s is slow but certain political and econo* 

Li en the organized gu er­ rilla movements hare noir lost their ideological char­ acter anil have broken dona into warring bandit gangs. 
C arter’s dovish SALT choice 

WASHINGTON 
— 
Haul 
Warnke is adroitly walking Ii is way through minefields and. to hear his defenders tell it, on water, 
He s e e m s a s s u r e d of S e n a te co n firm a tio n for his tw o-hatted a s ­ signm ent as chief U S. negotiator for a Strategic A rm s Lim itation T reaty 
(SALT) and head of the U S A rm s 
C ontrol and D is a rm a m e n t A gency 
(At DA), 
So far, every battle of the Warlike cam paign has gone his way 
He h as been r e c o m m e n d e d for confirm ation by tin* Senate Foreign 
Relations Com mittee. 
Sheds utterances 
D esp ite p ro p o sals thai lie be d i­ vested of th e negotiating job < in order to provide a check on ins power to give awa) the rem nants of declining 
U S stren g th ), his partisans have circled the wagons and ensured that tile two iiosts w ill not Im* divided. 
Shedding past utterances and posi- 

Honk lik e la st y e a r ’s fa s h io n s , 
Warlike even m anaged a surprisingly sm ooth p assag e through the sharp- edged in te rro g a tio n of th e S en a te 
Arm ed Services Com mittee. 
W hen S en. H en ry J a c k s o n , D* 
VV ash., confronted him with a list of 
12 m ajo r I S, w eapons sy stem s he had previously tried to kill. Warlike quickly pleaded guilty and then sidestepped by arguing anyone has a right to change his mind. 
(Simply as a sam ple. Warlike has upiMised the Trident m issile and sub­ m a rin e , the Bl b o m b e r, th e NMI tank, the cruise m issile, nuclear air* craft c a rrie rs anti m odernization of our M inutem an ICBM. He has also called for a unilateral 3ti,oo(! m an cut 

 i i i i s troops assigned to NATO.) 

Filibuster iii ii te ll 

S en ate irre c o n c ilu b les hint they ina> filibuster the W arlike n o m in a ­ tion when it reaches the floor, but the prevailing estim ate is that he will be co n firm ed with the tw o -th ird s m a ­ jority the adm inistration wants. 

Col. 
Robert D. 
Heinl Jr. 

Two-thirds for W arnke’s confirm a­ tion would virtually assure the sam e m ajority needed to approve any fu­ ture arm s agreem ents he negotiates, especially with the Russians, 
While the United Stales is in the process of handing over arm s-control authorly to an arch-dove who has preached unilateral d isarm am ent for the past decade, it is interesting to observe parallel aud evidently relat­ ed developments iii Moscow. 
Disarmament 
T h e re , too, d i s a r m a m e n t is the first order of business. 
Tile Kremlin is now signalling that the disarm am ent ball is iii the U S. court, aud that it is waiting with in­ 

 terest lo sec what concessions (read, price) the United Slates will pay to get a SALT a g r e e m e n t, am i — it m ig h t a lm o s t be B aul W a rlik e speaking — halt development of new weapons such as the one that w orries them must, our cruise missile. 
The Soviets are also Irving to take maximum a d v a n ta g e of P re s id e n t 
C a r t e r ’s almost o b sessiv e co n cern with d isarm am en t, in order to gain 
U.S agreem ents to forestall develop­ ment of new capabilities to use force more effective!), in the Ulausew itzian sense, as an instrum ent of policy — as the Kremlin does every day. 
No Kremlin bones 
Picking up I S argum ents (again, the very ones espoused se fervently bv W arlike), leading Soviet sp o k es­ men argue — lust as W aruke argued before the S enate A rm ed S erv ices 
< o m m itte e — that piling up of n u ­ clear weapons by the United States is 
(utile, aud that the trem endous R us­ sian surge of strategic-m issile deve­ lopment is entirely "reactiv e” to the 
I lilted States (which in fact has no! 

 developed or em placed a new ICBM system since the earl) Hinds), 
Meanwhile, even while seeking lo dissuade the United sta te s from de­ v elo p in g new w e a p o n s , K re m lin s p o k e s m e n m a k e no b o n es ab o u t th e ir u n sh a k a b le d e te rm in a tio n to strengthen t[ie Soviet arm e d forces in all respects, nuclear.and convention­ al, 
T h e r e m a r k a b l e c o r r e la tio n between what W arnkc has advocated with passionate conviction and what the Kremlin wants and urges would be ironic if the issues w ere m erely intellectual They are not, 
The I listed Slates and its Allies are iii grave and m ounting danger. 
W hile the Russian threat increases every day. as it has every year this past decade, the perception of it iii the West has steadily dim inished. 
We a re w itn e ssin g a flight from reality 
— of which the 
W’arnke nomination is but one exam ple — unequalled since the 1939s which, please rem em b er, were im m ediately followed by the greatest w ar in his­ tory. 

 line breakdown, with the social fabri disintegrating into chaotic com punct parts. 
It is telling that even the organize g u e rrilla m o v e m e n t* h ave now Un them ideological c h a r a c te r and has b ro k e n dow n in to w a r r i n g b an d gangs. 
And, as one ut my Mexican Ineiu puts it, "even the arm y won’t stage coup, It s too c o rru p t.” 

Problems obvious 

The problem s are ohs lous, 
I he corruption is horrendous. 
Every year, the income of the lovvi third of the imputation goes down, 
Party and adm inistrative reform is must, but nobody eau get a handle on b ec au se the v ested in te r e s ts a re » imwcrful. o n top of e v e r y th in g , at p re s e t rales population will double in 4 o yew to 24U million — as many as the Unit* 
States bul iii a country with one fifth < its resources. rile (MdeiiUal ol the new presided 
Jose Lopez Portillo, lies iii groups ai areas aud individuals, like the angi people of P u erto V allarta, w hom I could cull upon for b ac k in g for ti necessary reform s, if he will and eau lf lie won t or c a n ’t Mexico is ceria to fall only d e e p e r in to th is nev form less political stagnation that ai gurs well for no one. 

Max Cleland lost two legs, arm to grenade in Vietnam 
Disabled veteran on job as boss of YA 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 I 977 

& 
'■ 9 ; * ? 
'-M t 

' 
' r n 
> 

N EW VORK TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - Eight years a g o , Cupt. Joseph M. “ Max*' 
Cleland of the First Air Cavalry 
Division jum p ed off a helicopter in Vietnam and saw a live g re n ­ ade on the ground near him. 

 iii* went for it but before he could reach it. th e g r e n a d e exploded and bleu off both his legs and his right arni. f o r the next IS months. Cleland was 

 i i i hospitals recovering. Since then, in one way or another, he has been trying in help solve the p ro b lem s of oth er veterans. bast week. Cleland appeared before the Senate Committee on V eterans Af­ fairs for approval of his nomination as administrator of the Veterans Admin­ istration and th e re fo re th e nation s senior official concerned with the lives ut 29 million v e t e ra n s , th e ir depen* 

 to n n e r captain clearly is something o f a hero in a day when the American scene is devoid o f them. 

 dents and their survivors 
As Cleland said in his opening r e ­ marks: ‘'It’s a long way from a B52 bomb crater out there inst east of Khe 
Saith eight years ago." 
Cleland and the senators discussed veterans' problems and what Cleland means to do about them. 

Youngest administrator 

Cleland. 34. whose nomination was confirmed by the full Senate, is the 
Youngest man ever to become a d m i­ nistrato r of the VA. an independent agency with 225.(KH) employes, second only to the D e p a r t m e n t of Defense among federal agencies. Ile was sworn into office W ednesday. 
Ile has known President Carter since 
1971. when Carter was elected gov cr- 
Rough Rider charges again the stage on 

By RICHARD L. COE 
W A S H IN G T O N POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - This city's proprietary concern for A m eri­ c a 's “ F i r s t F a m i l i e s ” g iv es particular interest lo “ Bully,” a one-man portrait of P resid en t 
Theodore Roosevelt. 
This presents another historical fi­ gure for J a m e s Whitmore to follow his 
VV ill Rogers. Harry Truman and Oliver 
Wendell Holmes. 
Ile is a strong actor and the vigorous role of Teddy is well within his range. 
“ Bully” goes on a national tour after its run in Washington. 
In fashioning his script. Je ro m e Al­ den in tro d u c e s T ed d y at S a g a m o r e 
Hill. his Oyster Bay estate, in 1912. 
White House past 
This m e a n s that the White House 
\ c a t s and the issues which m ade him arc iii the past and just ahead lies the 
R epublican split which c r e a te d the 
Bull 
Moose party and catapulted 
Woodrow Wilson into the presidency. 
After one of his bracing “ obstacle course walks" with friends, including bis old onetime secretarv of war. Elihu 
Root. Teddy settles into his trophy- chocked Sagam ore great hall to tell us something of Ins frail boyhood, his ro­ mantic first m arriage, his love of the 
West and how trying lo get rid of him in the New Vork Stale Assembly, party bigwigs shunted him into the an o n y ­ mity of the vice presidency. 
Must find it 

As for the Republican party. Teddy says. “ before you go into it. you lirst have to find it.” 
Act ll begin s with Teddy, a ga in g e t­ ting to the st a ge through the audience. 
Irving : "M y hat s iii the ring. 
That will lead to the ill-fated am b i­ tion to r e t u r n to th e W hite House. 
P re s id en t W ilson’s refusal to grunt him a commission (at the age ol btl) and the death or bis son. young Quen­ tin. in Prance. 
There are references to the P anam a l anai P T TOOK P an am a ” ). to the 
Japauese-Russiun War (the treaty of 
Portsmouth) and outrage at the Grand 
Old Party's rich. us well as glancing observations about the Philippines and 
Puerto Rico, 
But these are only references. 
Nothing is m ade of how the McKin­ ley era pushed the nation into world affairs, the reasons for the building of the canal. 
Something is made of conservation 
(without so much as a glance at the antlers on bis walls), but what of tin* 
S h e r m a n Antitrust A d and why! it meant? What about the Pure Food and 
Drug Act? 
Family man there 

These w ere th e r e a s o n s th e first 
Roosevelt was a mover and a shaker, but Alden s script backs away from tin* challenges of trying to explain these m a tte rs and put them into a context that could Im* meaningful toda> 
The family man is very much there. the vcrv human, dynamic fellow who p r o m o t e d “ m au l,' s p o r t s , ro u g h games, a vigorous hotly and a vigorous mind." 
There is an especially touching se­ quence near the end ol Aet I when. going back to the White House years. 
Teddy drops bis serious phone conver­ sation to a c c o m m o d a t e his youngest son and when. receiving Japanese di­ plomats. lie persuades a White House v isitor to show tin* cliv on s around w bile he gets into a pillow fight with the kids. 

No need lo complain 

Yes. this works very well, but it does suggest that I larencc Day s “ Life witti 
F ath er,” might have bern living not on 
Madison but on Pennsylvania Avenue 

 nor of Georgia and Cleland was a state senator. 

For the past two years, Cleland bad been on the professional si aff of the 
Senate Veterans Committee, the same committee before which he appeared. 

'The chairman of the committee. Sen. 
Alan Cranston, said that Cleland “ is an extraordinary man. 

Personal traits 

Of all Cleland’s personal traits, tin* one that s e e m s lo sta n d out is his cheerfulness in the face ol adversity. 
“ Ile is m o r e full ol life th an any person I know.“ Cranston said. 
When a reporter noted that Cleland had been involved iii v e teran s work ever since lie left the hospital, lie re­ plied with a chuckle; “ Yes. but I kind of wish it had n ’t happened this way." 
Beyond that. Cleland is clearly so­ mething of a hero iii a day when the 
American scene is devoid of them. Sen. 
Sam Nunn. Clelund's fellow Georgian, a s s e r t e d t h a t “ he is an a u t h e n t i c 
American hero.” 
Cleland won the Silver S ta r , the 
Bronze Star and the Soldier's Medal in 
Vietnam. 

Extravagant praise 

As other senators chimed in with tilt* e x t r a v a g a n t p r a i s e ol I le land that m arks the rhetoric of that form. ( le­ land took it in good grace Hearing all that. In* said. “ I would he well advised to let my ease rest here." 
T u rning Ins responsibilities as a d ­ ministrator of the VA. Cleland im m e ­ diately sla ked out a position for r e ­ t a i n i n g th e i n d e p e n d e n c e of t h e agency. 
" B e c a u s e I am convinced that the 
VA is uniquely suited to serve the ve­ 

 terans of this nation.” lie said. "I be­ lieve it ought to remain an independent agency devoted to that purpose." 
There has been talk of putting some 
VA functions iii other departm ents or the entire agency into the Department of Health. Education and Welfare. 
Other goals 

Other goals that Cleland set out in­ cluded m a k in g the large VA b u re a u ­ cracy more sensitive and compassion­ ate to m e e t th e n e e d s of v e t e r a n s , making a personal review of all VA programs, and bringing in new faces for a fresh look 
But he also p ro m is e d to n a m e an outstanding career employe as his de­ puty. 
( leland was horn iii Atlanta on Aug. 
24. 1942. an d grew up in n e a r b y 
L ith o n ia, lit* r e c e i v e d th e A tla n ta 
.biunial award as the outstanding sen­ ior in his high school iii I96o. 
After graduating from Stetson Uni­ versity iii Florida, iii 1964. he won a s c h o l a r s h i p for g r a d u a t e s t u d y in 
American history at Emory University iii Atlanta, from which he received his 
Master’s Degree in 1965. 
Cleland first becam e in terested in government and politics when he spent a semester at American University in 
Washington in 1963 and as a congres­ sional intern working in the House in the s u m m e r of 1965. 
Army duty 

His Army duty began iii the fall of 
1965 in the Signal Corps. He qualified as a paratrooper the following vear and was an aide to the com m anding gen­ era l of th e s i g n a l c e n t e r at F o rt 
Monmouth. N J. 
Iii 1967. he volunteered tor duty iii 
Vietnam and was only five weeks from com pleting his tour iii 196K when he was wounded. 
Shortly after his release from a ho­ spital in 197(1, Cleland run for and was elected to the Georgia State Senate. He was the youngest m e m b er and its only 
Vietnam veteran. 
W hile there, he pressed for legislu- 

PRESIDENT CARTER e m b ra ce s M a x C leland afte r Cle land w a s sw o rn in as the n e w v e te ra n s a ffa irs a d m in istrato r this w e e k at the W h ite H ouse. 

Hon makin g public buildings accessi­ ble to the h an d ica p p ed , auth o rizin g state educational assistance for veter­ ans and headed a special commission appoint eh! by Governor Carter lo study the problems of returning veterans. 
Cleland ran for lieutenant governor of Georgia in 1974 hut was defeated iii 

 the Democratic primary. 
Ile then joined the professional statf of the Senate Committee on Veterans 
Affairs, with particular responsibility for monitoring the \ A's medical care for veterans. 
( leland is sin g le an d lives in th e 
District of Columbia 
UT may lase 
U.S. contracts 

J A M E S W H IT M O R E 
. . . a d d s R o o se v e lt role 

Technically, too. one need not co m ­ plain. 
John Conklin’s setting, with a chop­ ping block at one side of the stage and a rowboat on the other, suggests the wonderful clutter this hyper-dynamo liked to keep around him. 

The shifts backwards into time are accomplished with no little skill aud 
Director Peter IL Hunt has guided the lighting as well us his single actor with an eye to making the most of each se­ quence. 

In time. however, one realizes that these are all short snippets, that noth­ ing is ever fully sustained nor dev e­ loped iii depth 

Whitmore holds firmly 

Within this f r a m e w o r k W h i tm o re holds each passing m oment firmly hilt it also keeps him pretty largely on one note. the vigorous w o rs h ip e r of the great outdoors, who loves his country and his family. 
But what m a d e h im a s u c c e s s fu l politician, an a d m i r e d P re s id e n t , a 
Nobel Prize winner? 
What I learned was that Tedd> must have been a vcrv Irving mail around 
Un* house 

REPRINTED f»o m t h e C H R O N IC A OE HIGHER e d u c t i o n 
W ASH IN GTON - T h e U n i­ versity of Texas at Austin may lose its federal contracts. 

FT has become the first university to 
In* affected under a federal executive order banning sex. race aud religious discrimination. 

In the lirst fo rm a l “ e n f o r c e m e n t p r o c e e d i n g " a g a i n s t a u n i v e r s i t y under the order, an administrative law 
Midge has recent (unended, that F T be d e n i e d f e d e r a l c o n t r a c t s u n l e s s it ceases alleged discrimination against a female faculty m e m b e r aud e s t a b ­ lishes conv incinglv uoii-discnminatory personnel policies. 

I lie (Hiding aud recommendations of 
William Naiiuark. ail ad m in istra tiv e law judge of Uh* I S Departm ent ut 
Labor, still m ust he reviewed bv the secretary of Health. Education, and 
Welfare and the director of the Labor 
D ep a rtm en t's Office id F ederal ( *>n- tr act C o m p lia n c e P r o g r a m s before they b e c o m e final f e d e ra l s o u r c e s said 

First time 

II th e r ev ie w s uphold J u d g e Nai- iu a r k 's findings, said John M Stokes. the HEW regional attorney who d i r ­ ected tilt* governm ent’s i-ase. it will lie the first time the federal government has official!' threatened to remove a 
True story 

 university's eligibility for federal con­ tracts because the institution violated the ban on lob discrimination in Exe- i olive Order 11248 
That o r d e r is the ba s ic a u th o rity used by HEWN Office i"i ( iv ii Rights 
Im require federal contract-holders not to d isc rim in a te in their em ploym ent policies and to undertake affirmative action to eliminate the effects of past bias 

Ju d g e N aim a rk found that the uni­ v e r s it y had d i s c r i m i n a t e d a g a i n s t 
Janet R o llin s Berry, an assistant pro­ fessor of art history. In paying her less than m a le s of the same rank since I96K and assigning her only lower-dn ision, 
11 it rod lictor.\ c o u rse s after slit* filed a d is c rim in a tio n co m p la in t u n d er Hie executive order in 1971 

Violation found 

The judge also found that the uni­ versity had v io la te d th e e x e c u t i v e older “ In failing and refusing to fur­ n ish all personnel records and data requested at the time of lls request bv the government durin g the course of the investigation by the Office for I tx ii 
Rights." 

Tin* university refused to give HEW investigators Mrs B e rr y ’s personnel file. 

In a d d i t i o n , until tile f o rm a l ell- foreement proceedin g was initiated. 
Judge N aim ark noted, tin* university honest 

 refused to furnish other data investi­ gators wanted to u - e* to assess the in ­ stitution’s compliance with the ban on employment discrimination 

Jud g e Naim ark recommended that if the university refused to comply with its o b lig a tio n s u n d er the executive o r d e r , “ xx it tun a t i m e l i m i t a t i o n deemed reasonable bv the Office for 
< i m ! Rights of HEW. the secretary of labor shall cancel and te rm in a te all currently existing contracts between federal governmental agencies and the 
University of T e x a s at Austin 

He also recommended that the uni­ versity he declared ineligible for fu­ ture federal contracts, "until the said 
I diversity of Texas at Austin lias sa* 
Bsf led lilt* secretary of labor that ii lias e s t a b l i s h e d an d will c a rry oui personnel and employment policies in c o m p l i a n c e with tlx* p r o v i s i o n s of 
Executive O rder 11246. as am ended. and Hie rules, regulations and orders promulgated thereunder ” 

Former professor 

The new s e c r e t a ry of lab o r. Kav 
M a rsh a l), is a f o r m e r p ro fe s s o r of economics ai the University of Texas at Austin. 
Although the judge found that Mi- 
Berry had been discriminated against 

 iii salary and. after lier complaint in course assignments, he did not accept lier contention that sex discrimination was Hic reason sin* was not promoted to associate professor iii 197(1 
'The university contended that M r s lh Try had Moi been promoted iiccuuse she did ini) have a I'll D or significant publications. 

JANET BERRY winner in complaint 

A read er nows tins is a true s t o r y . 
In l u r Sunday school c l a s s one morning she asked. "And what did the disciples say Indore they ate the fish?" 
A 5-year-old boy in ihe front row waved Ins hand vigorously and said “ I know. They said, ‘These Bsh got any tunics iii th e m ’'* 
There is every reason to believe tills story is true 
I'Tve-yenf olds are. without a doubt. tin* most s u s p i c io u s d i n e r s in tins world. 

They will eat mud (raw or baked I. rocks, paste, crayons, ballpoint pens, indow s. m o v in g goldfish, c i g a r e t t e iHitts electrical plugs. soap, cleansing cream, cut food and newspapers 
Try to coax a lilt ol b c d stew into their mouths and they’ll give you that look — like a puppy when you stand over him vvnil the Sunday paper roiled ll|l 
I got st> 11meti loud spit buck into my lace when my kids were small, I out 

 windshield wipers on my glasses 
Then one duv my husband said 
‘ How many babies died from m a ln u ­ trition las! year vv 111 ti* playing Ut their food’*" 
“ T h a t s not the point 
She docs ii t trull m e." 
“ What trust?* lie said "She's a fin­ icky eater " 
“ She i- not finicky . She eats any til­ ing — just so long as ii isn't on a spoon and my arm isii l attached to it. 
“ Ltiuk, when she gets a little older, she'll change and will probably tat u- out of house and home 
He was wrong 
She w a s th e only kit! i i i n u r s e r y 

 school with lier own food taster. 
My hot dogs never tasted as good as the ones you dipped ill walered-dowu m u s t a r d and paid HU c e n ts for at a football game. 
My cherry tues never c r e a te d the e x c i t e m e n t of th ose u n d e r h e a tin g lamps at tin* Golden Arches 
My pizzas never tasted a- wonderful as itll* cold ones Blat stuck to the lid of the cardboard box 
One day sin* said. "Boy. I just hail the grea test meal at Kathy's house. lier mother is some cook 
I raced to tin* phone. 
‘Helen! What did you have for din­ ner last night? My daughter raved about it, 
‘ Potato chips and cold cuts 
I try not to overreact. Alter all. you burn a kid s tongue once when lie s 15 mouths old and he c a r rie s a grudge forever 
That s what motherhood is all about. 
Bul last year when sh e sent Sara 
Lee a Motlier s Day c a rd 
That was et uel 

Malt* promoted 

Mthougli one male assistant proles- 
Nor wuh similar credentials had been promoted to associate professor, the lodge indicated that that promotion had been ii side under c\ct*pBnnal cir­ c u m s ta n c e s and that university old- d a i s , al the lune, generally had held up tile promotions of faculty m em ber- who had not yet earned their doctor­ ates. 
The judge also said that a num ber of oilit i university actious did not consti­ tute retaliation against Mrs 
D eny 
Mining those actions were statements by university otfieials that 
Mrs. 
Berry had r e f u s e d to u s e * i n t e r n a l grievance procedures anti that an in­ ternal rev iew had prEulueed no e v i­ dence of sex bias iii lier case 
While acknow bulging that Hie u ni­ versity had made public statements Ie* try t«i lustily ifs position. Hie judge 
-aid In* did not conclude that by doing 

 me H ie* university "w a - e n g a g e d iii any r e t a l i a h i t y c o n d u c t low aril Mi ­ lk i t \ 

RAY MARSHALL new labor secretary 

19 7 7 
4oo U.S. mercenaries fighting in Rhodesia 

JO H A N N E S B U R G , South A frica 
< \P) — About 1,2oo foreigners, 4oo of 
I lem Am ericans, have joined the 
Rhodesian arVnv in its war against black nationalist guerrillas. 
These men, also from Britain, Aus* tralia, Portugal. South Africa and 
Canada and several other European countries, are largely leftovers from conflicts elsewhere in Africa, Vietnam ami Northern Ireland 
Most are in their 2os or early 3os. 
Some couldn’t find jobs when they re­ turned home from other wars. Most gravitated to Rhodesia as one of the few places today where a man can es­ cape the boredom of civilian living by putting his life on the line. 
The Rhodesian government is reluc­ tant to talk about the foreigners in its 
o,ooo-man army and is annoyed by any reference to them as m ercenaries. 
Technically, the men are immigrants who happen to join the armed forces of 

Technically, the men are im m igrants who happen to join the firmed forces o f the white minority re­ gim e 

 fan Smith’s white minority regime to fight in the escalating four-year-old guerrilla war. The usual hitch is three years. 
Rhodesian military sources insist it is not unlike immigrants joining the 
American or British armies. 
Land-locked Rhodesia is a former 
British colony of 272,ooo whites and B 4 million blacks. It unilaterally declared its independence from Britain in 19B5 to avoid sharing power with blacks, but last September Ian Smith com­ mitted his government to eventually hand over the government to the black majority. Negotiations in Geneva with black nationalists broke dow n because of differences over the makeup and 

 time span of the interim government. 
Most recruits learn of Rhodesian army opportunities by word of mouth spread among buddies from old wars. 
The government, however, does some advertising in hunting and gun magazines. 
One of the largest ads appears on the back cover of Soldier of Fortune magazine in the United States. It shows the silhouette of an infantryman running with a rifle. The caption says, 
“ .loin the Rhodesian army.” 
The Rhodesian government says it does not make promises to prospective recruits, some of whom have been disillusioned by expectations of receiving a higher ra nk than 

 previously held. 
A regular infantryman, known as a trooper, is paid about $BUo a month. A captain, depending on experience and time in service, may earn $75(1 to $9oo. 
New arrivals, most of whom reach 
Salisbury through South Africa, fill out forms noting their m ilita ry back­ ground, then are sent for training, during which they are evaluated and given a rank. 
A former American Special Forces helicopter pilot was assigned as a training instructor, while a former 
U.S. Marine captain was in itially a first lieutenant but after a year was promoted to captain. 
The foreigners are not easy to find. 
In the past month, eight foreigners deserted the arm y and fled to the neighboring blaekruled countries of 
Botswana or Zambia. One was arrested in South A frica and returned to 
Rhodesia. 

First tuna boats protesting fishing restrictions put in at San Diego, 
Calif. About 9 o of the “ independent protesters” are expected back this week. — AP Wirephoto 

Dillards 

 save $9o! Du-Berry 
French provincial bedroom 
* 

Dixie’s Du-Berry French provincial style master bedroom ensemble features triple dresser, landscape mirror, full or queen headboard and chest, all of solid wood with pecan veneers. Matching night stand, regularly priced at $ I 3 9 , now on s a le .........................................................................................................$ I I 9. 

Furniture 
699 

 reg. $ 7 8 9 
4-pc. group 

V 
I 

> ----- 1 

 save $33! Young-Ffinkle 

Port o’ call ensemble for boys 

 reg. $721 
^ 
£ 
8 
8 

Boy’s Young-Hinkle port o ’call ensemble sports a light bone natural finished double dresser, mirror, night stand and bunk beds of naturally distressed solid pine and matching pine veneers. Other matching pieces are also available. 

$41 off...girls’ 

 apple green “ Cherie” set 
$588 ; ‘« “ f 

Apple green French provincial double dresser, mirror, chest and canopy poster bed all of solid wood with formica scratch-proof finish . . .the perfect purchase for your special girl. Matching pieces are also available. 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9; CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
P age 
I -ES 
IR S com puter plan poses privacy peril 

TJENS KJAER JEN SEN inspects an a re a w h e re doctors re m o v e d th o u sa n d s of thorns 
Thorny (32,131) mess nears en d f o r D ane 

HOV F N . 
D e n m a r k 
(AIM — A H3 -y ear -o ld pe ns ion er known as the 
• human hedgehog” may be ne aring the end ut a s i x - y e a r s a g a ut pa in during which duet ors say the y h a v e r e m o v e d 
:J J. I:»I b ar b err y thorns 
I rom his body. 

His vv i I f s a y s th a t doesn t include countless i n c h - l o n g b a r b s t h e y 

 h a v e pu ll ed out t h e m ­ s e l v e s , and t h e r e a r e m a n y m o r e s t i l l to be pulled out. 
It betta ii April 2o. HITI, w hen Tunis K.iaer Je n s e n fell into a heap of thorny b r a n c h e s f r o m a b a r ­ b e r y bebite, co m mo n in 
Kit rope and t he I tilted 

M a t e s , that he had been t r i m m i n g a r o u n d his home iii this west Jutl and 
\ (HULM'. 

He tried to get up but kept falling back onto the necdlesharp thorns until 
Ile fainted from the pain. 
Hater this month J e n ­ sen will m a k e his 24X1 Ii 
\ isit to the county hospi­ tal at 'Farm for removal of t h o r n s w h i c h h a v e c o n t i n u e d to e m e r g e from Ins body in a q ua n­ tity that has ensured him a n i c h e in 
D a n i s h medical history. 

He's young, with fresh ideas about sports-reportmg. 
Yet he's into the sports scene like a seasoned veteran. 

Young ideas with the insight and knowledge of and an old pro. What a combination1 

See what we mean. 
Follow Barry's column 

 every morning in the 

$an Antonio (Express 

You'll agree he's one-of-a-kind. 

For Home Delivery. Call 22S-7411 

When last ai the hospi­ tal lh weeks a no the doc­ t o r s p u ll e d 2H1 t h o r n s from Ins a r m s and lens. 
“ T h a t b r o u g h t t h e cou nt to 32.131 t h o r n s r e m o v e d s i n c e J e n s e n vv as f i r s t h o s p i t a l i z e d here in 1971.” said chief s u rn eo n l i n k Clalatuis- 
Jen sen . 
Mystery 
“ It is i n c r e a s i n g l y b e c o m i n n a m e d i c a l m y s t e r y , ” G a l a t i u s - J e n - sen said. 
Je n s e n . In inn un a dis­ a b l e m e n t pe nsion for a previ ous a i l m e n t , finds the a f f a i r m o r e painful than mysterious. 
"Only this morning my husband w as again trou ­ bled by t h o r n s w o rk in g their way out through the skm of Ins legs.” hts w de 
Marie said 
" B u t it is nothing now c o m p a r e d vv itll the hell we h a v e b e e n nm nu through for y e a r s . ” she sa id . 
“ T h e h o s p i t a l ’ s cou nt d o es not i n c lu d e the c ou n tle ss th orn s we pulled out ourselves . " 
J e n s e n w a s h o s p i ­ t a l iz e d lur s i s m o n t h s a f t e r he f e ll i n to t h e b r a n c h e s , w it h t h o r n s lodged in e ver y part of his body except hts face. which he bud m ana ged to protect. After first o v e r ­ c o m i n g i n f e c t i o n s , t h e doctors began r em ov in g the thorns, plucking out til. 

F o r several ye ar s af ter that J e n s e n regularly re ­ turned to the hospital to have more thorns cut out. 
O f t e n t h e o p e r a t i o n called for se vera l hours of s u r g e r y . 
Introducing President CB. 
The top-of-the-line line. 

 p re sift-rn: 

 ba 

 ba 

 m ic e m a n 

■ pm 
M 
M 2522 

We carry all kinds of CB's. But if you wont settle for anything less than the best, President is the line for you. 
Every President model comes with 4o channels. Every President comes wkh everything you'd expect on a top-of-the-line CB— plus sophisticated electronic features like Phase Lock Loop circuitry. And every President— every single unit— gets thoroughly tested before it ever gets to you. 
That's why we can recommend the entire President line to you without reservations. AM or SSB, mobile or base— every President is engineered to be the very best. 

DUKE ELECTRIC 

SOO Siith St. (3 2 2 -1 2 4 4 ) 
COLES CB HEADQUARTERS 
S5oS A. Homo Rd. (3 4 1 -7 3 o 3 ) 

COMMUNICATIONS ETC. 
#1. 83o1 Speedway 3 4 9 -4 4 6 5 
#2. 1437 S.W. Military Dr. 
9 2 2 -2 7 2 6 
*3 . S318 San Padre, 8 2 4 -9 1 o 3 
#4. 712o Military Dr. Watt 
6 7 3 -8 o8 1 
# 5 1319 Northwest loop 41o 
82 2 -1 57 1 

DAS DISCOUNT EQUIPMENT 
SALES CO. 
6233 (vers Rd. (6 8 4 -9 2 7 2 ) 

RADIO & TELEVISION 
PARTS CO. 

1828 N. St Mary s St. 

(2 2 7 -7 5 o 3 ) 

TALK TOWN 

7327 Hwy. VOW. (6 7 3 -1 8 1 1 ) 

TELETRONICS 

2717 Hillcrest (7 3 5 -6 1 7 9 ) 

UNITED RADIO & T.V. 

33o2-1o So. Presa St. 

(5 3 4 -3 9 4 2 ) 

EARL WHEELER CAR CARE 
CENTER 

43o2 Broadway at Hildebrand 

8 2 6 -1 5 7 2 

SWT SERVICE CENTER 

S643 Fredericksburg Rd. 

(6 9 6 -1 6 4 5 

WEUS COMMUNICATION 
314 Pat looker Rd. (Univ. City) 
(6 5 8 -4 2 8 1 ) 

W A S H I N G T O N (A IM 
— A m a s s iv e c o m p u t e r sy ste m proposed by the 
Internal Revenue Service could offer " i r r e s i s t i b l e " opportunities for illegal gov e m i n e n t i n t r u s i o n s on A m e ri ca n s’ privacy, a congressional study says. 
T h e com puter system , w h i c h the r e p o r t s a y s c o u l d c o s t $1 b i l l i o n , would m a k e A m e r i c a n s ’ i n c o m e tax r e t u r n s i m ­ m e d i a t e l y a v a i l a b l e on thousands of term inals iii 
IRS offices. 
T h e d r a f t r e p o r t by 
Congress’ Office of T e c h ­ nology A ss e ss m e n t s u g ­ gests that hearings need to he held to a n s w e r q u e s t i o n s a b o u t t h e security aud privacy i m ­ plications of the proposed com put er , known as the 
Tax Administration S y s ­ tem - TAS. 
The unpublished draft report Ii.is been cir c u la t­ ed to House W a y s and 
M e a n s s u b c o m m i t t e e members. 
C u r r e n tly , univ about lit per cent of each y e a r ’s 
132 mil lio n tax r e t u r n s are inst an tty available on 
I R S c o m p u t e r s in a l im it e d n u m b e r of I R S offices. T h e rest ar e held on m a g n e t i c t a p e t h a t take days to obtain. 
Surveillance 
“ T A S will m a k e l arg e quantities of personal in­ f o r m a t i o n ab o u t p e o p l e a v a i l a b l e iii the t i m e it t a k e s to s n a p t w o fi n g e r s. ” the report said. 
"It may offer resources for surveillance, through id e n t i f i c a t i o n and l o c a ­ tion of people, that could prove irr esis tib le , or .it least highly tem pti ng to fu tu re C o n g r e s s e s , p r e ­ sidents and federal a g e n ­ c ie s , ” it added 
“ A lt h ou g h la w s m a y m a k e it i l l e g a l to d i s ­ s e m i n a t e I R S i n f o r m a ­ tion for illegal or uneon- s i t u t i o n a l Mirve i l l a n c e purimses. these laws m ay not be enough.” 
T h e I R S will a s k for funds to start on the s y s ­ t e m for the next fi s c a l y e a r , a c c o r d i n g to P a ­ t r i c k R u t t l e . a s s i s t a n t 
I R S co m m is si one r for tax administration. 
Ruttle said iii an inter­ view that TAS will mea n better, faster service for t a x p a y e r s and “ a m o r e efficient tax s y s te m . ” Ile added that the new s\s- t e m would be m o r e s e c u r e than the c u rr en t one. 
Controls 
“ This is actually going to reduce (the danger of d i s c l o s u r e ) . ” In* s a i d . 
" T h i s is a second g e n e r ­ a t i o n s y s t e m . 
It will f u r t h e r ti g h t e n up c o n ­ t r o l s on o u r own e m ­ ployes and institute new system c h e c k s . ” 
I nder TAS. IO regional co m pu te r cen te r s would contain all t h e t a x r e ­ turns for the past three to live years for all the tax- payers in each region. AII the r e t u r n s fo r th a t region would Im* available i nstan tly at I R S o ffic e s throu ghout e a c h re gio n on t e r m i n a l s w it h screens similar to telex i- sion screens. 
Returns from outside a region would bi* available through an I R S national c o m p u t e r center within several days. 
M ore tha n 48.ooo I R S employes would have a c ­ c e s s to t h e c o m p u t e r through m or e than 9.ooo t e r m i n a l s s c a t t e r e d a cross the country 
Highway travel increases 
VV A S H I N G FON (AIM 
— U.S. highway travel in 
IHTii totaled I 39 trillion miles, an increase of 4.5 pi*r c en t ov et* 1975. th e 
F e d e r a l H ig h w a y A d ­ m i n i s t r a t i o n r e p o r t e d 
Thursday. 
California led the way with 132,8 b i ll i o n to ta l m i l e s , and s i x o t h e r s r e c o r d e d m o r e th a n tit) billion, the agency said 
T h ey were T e x a s . 84.8 bill ion ; New Y o r k . 85.1 billion; Ohio, o4.1 billion; 
P c n n s y l v a m a . 83.7 b i l ­ lion; Florida, iii 7 billion. and Illinois. oo.9 billion 
P a s s e n g e r c a r s a c ­ counted for 77 per cent of the travel; trucks 19 per cent, motorcycles 3 o per cent, and buses |i*ss than one per cent. 
Although the interstate 
Highway * > s t e m c o n s t i ­ tutes only I per cen t of tin* total mil eage of roads a nd s t r e e t s , it e a r n e d 
19,5 |H*r cent of the truf­ fle. 

*// m a y o f f e r r e s o u r c e s f o r su rv eilla n ce, th ro u g h id en tifi­ cation a n d location o f p e o p le , that could prove irresistible, or at least highly tem pting to fu ­ ture (]on grosses, presidents a n d fed e n d a g en cies' 

TA S would also link all tax forms relating to one indiv idual taxpayer, such as fo r m 1o4o or I (MOA, 
VV-2 f o r m s front e m ­ p l o y e r s . i n t e r e s t e a r n ­ ings reports from banks and the like. 
T h e present c om p u te r syste m dot's not have that c a p a c i t y . F u r t h e r m o r e . only one y e a r 's return for an y one now is r e ta in e d for i m m e d ia te c om p u te r recall 

The draft rt*port. based on the findings of a panel of e x p e r ts c on v en e d by the Office of Technology 
A s s e s s m e n t , s a i d s u f ­ ficient i n f o r m a t i o n ha s not been provided about the system by the IR S to enable Congress to m ak e a decision on the project. 
The proposed I R S sys ­ tem mi gh t also provide the CIA and other intel­ l i g e n c e a g e n c i e s w ith wavs lo watch American 

 oversea s, through in te r ­ c o n n e c t i o n s with o t h e r c o u n t r i e s ’ c o m p u t e r s , the report said. 
“ This capacity may al­ so suggest im p lica tion s for the capacity to moni­ t or the a c t i v i t i e s el 
A m e r i c a n s a b r o a d for economic* p u r p o s e s to s e r v e th e i n t e r e s t s of fore ig n r e l a t io n s , m i l i ­ tary a f f a i r s , law e n f o r ­ c e m e n t . i n t e ll i g e n c e or the research purposes of 
I R S , T r e a s u r y or o th e r agen ice s ." it said. 

T h e proposed s y s t e m would a l s o c o n t a i n so much information that it might be p r o f it a b le for o u t s i d e r s to tr y . to i l ­ legally get into the s y s ­ tem. the study said. 
" I t may offer rewards for u n a u th o r iz e d u s e r s 

 inside or outside the I R S which outweigh the risks of v i o l a t i o n of l e g a l prohibitions or the public opprobrium of discov­ e r y , ” the draft said. 

Such unauthorized ac- ci*ss to information is one of the types of " c o m p u t e r c r i m e s ” that a r e a growing concern for both governme nt and pr iv at e computer users. 
T h e d r a ft re p ort a l s o s u g g e s t s th at the v e r y speed of th e s y s t e m — whi ch R u t t le s a y s b e n ­ e f i t s t h e t a x p a y e r s —- could p e n a l i z e t h e in- div idual. 
“ F * r o c e s s e s w h i c h prev iously took five to six weeks can be reduced to a day, and for som e du­ ties. days are reduced to m ic rosec ond s," it said. 

What a beautiful feeling ... a dress that catches every whisper- soft breeze and every man's eye 

When you want to feel soft and sensuous V ictor C o sta brings you a perfect patio dress made of cool dotted polyester-acetate. Full gathered sleeves and skirt emphasize the generous use of material to please the eye as well as give you a gliding feeling. A matching navy and white grosgrain ribbon encircles the waist as a sash, and borders the hem. Flowing and light, so you will feel absolutely feminine Sizes 6-14, 9o.oo. Better Dresses, Downtown, North Star, and Windsor Park. C harge it and capture a feeling of romance! 

A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

■ ll 

Car bbl #b#b 
•v^'*- 
■ .w w flw l y^mmm9:-:9 l # C G la s c o 

O r. io s « S on * 
J| y 

 fje u j H ndrteuG 
| - mik4 WSIllrkMl 
^O^OwWw^^ss 

'L 
22o 
" V 

 m a d w a r N or 

J 218 I 
^ 

5 V * W it W a n d m 
A H rM b C oy 
V icto r B o y 
3>o^ ut. mfij i^^PooGK^Gl oPlivwv1ll 

- J , It r iu H o I v r t it t • T 
Coelho M o rtin c i 
* 
M om iol Monos 
S 

H S 
G it t s o r t M io t o 
.413. 
£%*W* un fit dim g t 
Ow 
■ uowgsQs v/xuno 
J i 
M ono*) R odriguez 
( 

 y 
/ Key Crown y 
< /> Joss# DIOS 
V x Jos« Estoia 
X 
Jamas K elly 
^ 
SSI Lo no 
Ac 
V 
Bob lo ic n o 
A leo n ard M edina l \ 
Body O rtis 
% \ 
Al Rohdo 
\ \ 
Bob Thompson 

Jimmy Floras 
M anual flo ra * 

SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 I 9 7 7 
Voter’s guide to Council election 
BBBiClip and Save* 

J 
_______ 

MAMMO 
DRIV! boad 
PRUE 

Pop! P otsy ifiw 'ilioadov 
449 
ArtPMMip. 
I 287 X 
< r 5 
W 
Prod Borrleklow 
' O 
D avid Brow n i„ L - C»A*n 
#WWl W W " y • 
ULI a lte r 
\%I* IO . Bord N b ls tn a r , 

 rev / ^ 
Phil Pyndus 
/ A 
VB 
W inifred Vottor 
/ \n Slovan W olf ion 
7 
'© i 
/ 
232 

IH 41o 

WINDCREST 

\ .229 i f ----------------I 
A x 
I 
| 
325 
, r 
326 
I 
• .* 
/ 
L c 
T m/ * « \ m % *•■ i s ' KITTIMAM POAD 
- l a 
* 

23o 

' / 
✓V 
263 
> / / 
' ' 
' / 
/ 
_ 
^ BALCONES 223 
• 
I__________ i 
\y , 
^ - r < f T ------------ 
HEIGHTS 
I r 
T ^ - z ^ f a u / 
__ _ a \ v x 
•/ / / / , m i v i a r xxVn%. v m iw * v . , ■ y ,im n w « w 
A. 22® 
T ------1 
V an A rch ar 
1 | 
/ & * - > I 
L’“/>- C » i»hares?j»i~~w/AaZz&ZZi 

 f 

<:' 
261 
• v 
V 
^ 
N 

447 

■’X 
/ / / Z 
V < / 

' , 
< 
/ 
/ 
/ 
S. l f ON VALLiY 

< 
/% 
> 
/, 

/ 
S 
S 
. 
/ 

W ' A V 
26? P>' "^t j *J 

I Titan Hartm an J 
I SIS 
\ 314 J SIS I 

HILDE St ANO I 

I 
\ 
I i i * ' Joa A ld arata 
M ika Ferm tnoai 
Andres O onsdax 
Dick Kopaky 

I 219 V jp l 9 il I 5,o 
, 
I 

'x 
; 
\ i i 
I 
« s o s ! 

 w o T 
A * * ' } i * V » » i i 
211 
IS 
., ^ 
I 

2 M rs. Money O thrarax 
*v 
Robert Tate 
1 
Richard Taniente 

^ c ° , r r * » ~ 
— t 

 s s I--------- 
I 
IJ 
2 

7 
* ° * * 
I 
B l 
ZI 

J r * 
\ / ' 
' 
\vise \ y 
/ / / * 
. 

I v 
, ~ 

[ 
I 
__________ 
4'^1 x ara 
Victor G cn xotcj 

■ "■ •’■ r i T w i 
! w J ) i , 

I - o— S i■ > /■ - 
' 
8 
S i J / 
'5 
— _ _ 3 i o f s ; / / 

L _ J U J 
« » 
12 
“ f / - 
5 

^ 
,r_ 
1“ “ ' 
I 
I 
1o6 
J 
Ut Betancourt 

O o H o C h a p a 
’ 
V # 
4 9 6 
4 6 2 
JW ttY 

■MWR! 
4 2 o 
J 4 2 2 
A . W , B a e r e 

— 
V 
' 
-7 
R o b B illa 

3 4 

421 
• - .« 

4w! po-*— Qu ie te r h eien m nw tvt rt\ 
John Druofcbi a ' J 
V 5 . A M S h s r h 

C. A. Molly 
Bill la W ar 
John M achado 
,29 Johnny M ato 
M r*. WltWo M ayor 
Raid P ara* 
Frank W ing 

■ 
> t (Hon H orton 

 i James U star 
, f 
Bonnie Sanvl*on| 
G ary W oltona 
* 
* 

 h -r ‘ 

____________________ 

1442 

This handy map shows not only the boundaries of all of the city’s IO new districts but also all of the candidates voters will find on the ballot in their own particular district on April 2. This year’s election for 
City Council will find voters voting by their district for a City Council candidate. All city residents will vote in 

 the mayoral race. The city’s first district election brought out a record number of candidates — 81. The previous record number of hopefuls was 6 2 , recorded in the I 9 7 3 election. 

Senate ponders stiffer code of ethics 

WASHINGTON (Ap) - The Senate vull have it* inning on the question of ethics nest week and is tieing asked to collie up with a code substantially stiffer than the one adopted by the ll oust*. 

The House voted 4U'J to 22 Wednesday night to require disclosure of personal finances, lim it outside income aud gills, place restraints on expenditures for travel aud do away with private office accounts, sometimes known as 
“ slush funds. 
I lie proposed Senate code contains sim ilar features plus provisions de­ signed to prevent conflicts of interest, limitations on political activity and a 

 rule, similar to one already in effect in the House, against discrim ination in employment. ll also would place m ort severe res­ trictions than the House code does on the privilege of the frank, or postage- free mailing. 
The code is expelled to be on the 
Senate floor late next week Many of its features, ineluding the rules oil poli­ tical activity, arc likely to arouse eon* trovers) and long debate. ll will Im* up to the ethics committees to formulate some legislation provid­ ing penalties for violations of the ul­ timate code. 
Both codes require extensive disclo­ sure of income and holdings. Unlike 

 the House version, the Senate code calls for periodic audits of the disclosure reports by the comptroller general. Both lim it outside earned in­ come. including speaking fees, to 15 per cent of a member’s salary. This comes to IM.H25. 

Both prohibit the acceptance of gifts aggregating more than $1oo a year from anybody with a direct interest in legislation. Both pro h ib it defeated members from traveling at public ex­ pense and liar any member from being reimbursed from more than one source for travel costs. 
Both abolish unofficial accounts set up from private contributions or cam­ 

 paign funds and supposedly used to defray office expenses not covered by official allowances. To offset this, the 
House increased the official accounts by $5,ooo per member. The proposed 
Senate code does not make such an increase but asks the Buies and Ap­ propriations committees to study the question and report within 12o da.vs. 

Under the 
House code, mass mailings sent to a “ resident” not specified by name would have to be paid for entirely from public funds and could Mot Im* sent within HO da>s of an election Iii the Senate, which already bans mailings to “ resident,” no mass mailings at all would be permitted in 

 the iwo months before an election. 
The Senate code would also prohibit use of the Senate radio and television studios during the bo days before an election aud would bar members from using the Senate’s computer to make up mailing lists of people identified by political party. 

Senators would be barred from soliciting campaign funds from em ­ ployes and employes would be barred from contributing. Employes “ sub­ stantially engaged” in campaign ac­ tivity would have to be taken off the 
Senate payroll. 
Neither a senator nor an employe making $25,(NM) a year or more would 

 be allowed to practice any profession on the side or to be an officer or bourd member of a corporation or financial institution. A fter leaving office, a member would be barred for a year 
(rom lobbying the Senate. Form er employes would be burred for a year from lobbying the senator or commit­ tee they worked on. 

Most provisions of both codes would go into effect next year. The House code, unlike the one proposed in the 
Senate, delays the lim it on outside in­ come until 1979. In both versions, the limit is restricted to earned income and would not apply to such things as dividends from stock holdings. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
Page 
'3-B 

R O Y RO GERS, top, with his horse Trigger in 194o, and, bottom , with w ife Dale Evans, at this y e a r’s Tourna­ m ent of Roses Parade in Pasadena, Calif. 
FORECAST lor Fridoy 

Shower* Stationary Occluded 
(MIMM 
N A T I O N A L W E A T H E R S E R V I C E 

N O A A , U S 
D e p t p l C o m m e r c e 

SA N A N T O N IO A N D m lC IN I 
TY — F a ir F rid a y turning partly clo u d y S a tu rd a y . Cool n ig h ts with mild afternoons. Northwes ttrly winds IO to I i mph 
Hign tem peratures in the upper 6os to w s in the m id M s Sun rises at 
6 67 ond sets at 6 i i . Moon is in 
'th e in st quarter. Moon rises at 
6 s7 p m and sets at V ia a rn 
Tem peratures Thursday ranged horn i i to 6 S degrees (N ation al 
W eather Se rvice forecast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 8 6 per cent as of 6 p rn. Thursday 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l ra in fa ll tor the 7 4 hour period ending at 6 p rn. Thursday. .22 of on inch, tor the month, J/ cf an men. for the year. 4 78 inches. 
A c c u m u la te d d e p a r tu r e fro m hor mo I tor tne month, plus I i OI cm men, tor the year, pigs 38 ol an inch 
N O R T H T E X A S — C le a r to p o r tly c lo u d y a n d co ol w ith s c a tte r e d th u n d e r s h o w e r s through Saturday 
SO U TH T E X A S — D ecreasing clo u d in e ss o c to m in g c le a r .to partly cloudy and cool through 
' Saturday 
W E S T 
T E X A S - C lo u d y to partly cloudy ond cold through 
Saturday 
N A T I O N A L — Snow w ill e* tend from the northern Rockies through the Northern M i s s i s s i p p i 
V a lle y an d th e U p p e r G r e a t 
Loxes. This win change to ram show ers witn acce ssion al thou d e rs to rms through the ce n tra l 
M ississippi Valley. E astern par 

P o n s of the low er 
M i s s i s s i p p i 
Valley and the Ohio V alley ond the lower G reat Loxes through the Atlantic Coast Tem peratures w in pc m ild o ver the A tlan tic 
Coastal States through the Ohio 
V a lle y and G re a t Lo x e s 
E ls e w here it will rem ain seosonaoiv coo* or caid 

M A R IN E 
W IN D S — N ortnw esferIv winds 
17 to 22 mpn 
Seas eight tg IO tent 
T ID E S — P o rt A ra n s a s for 
Sa tu rd ay . 
H ighs at 
I o8 a rn and I 4 s p rn Low s of 8 JO o rn and 6 2 i p rn 
P o rt tsooei tor 
S a tu rd a y 
H ighs at 2 o7 a rn and J 44 p rn. Low s of V IV g ond v: 17 p ne 
G R E A T E R S A N A N T O N IO 

Storms lash Texas 

Blustery thunderstorms lashed North and Hast 
Texas Thursday, sparking tornado watches and flash flood warnings. 
A tornado watch was posted for Southeast Texas and South Central Texas and flash flood warnings were issued in Trinity. San Jacinto, and Walker 
Counties. 
The National Weather Service said there was a possibility of large hail and damaging winds. 
(lusty winds of SO to (Kl miles per hour carried the storms to the northeast, hurling heavy rain and some hail. 
The thundershower activity left two to three inches of rainfall i i i portions of Northeast Texas. 
Rockwall had the heaviest amount with 3.1)o inches. 
Mostly cloudy skies covered the central portion of the state. Skies over West Texas were dotted with high clouds. 
Am arillo recorded the Thursday low of 33. farther south and east, where cooler air had not yet penetrated, readings in the 3os and lids were com­ mon. Valley readings were i i i the 7os by early af­ ternoon. 
Forecasts cal! for reduced precipitation and clear to partly cloudy skies behind the front, which st rote bed from Shreveport, La., to Cotulla. Tex., 
Thursday afternoon. Cooler tem peratures are predicted to spread south Friday. 
The front triggered winds and dust Wednesday which damaged the wheat crop i i i the Panhandle and the hard-hitting rains which followed caused some multiple auto accidents around Amarillo. Hail up lo golf-ball size accompanied many of the thun­ derstorms. 

Son Antonio 
SI 
66 
SO U T H T E X A S 
.77 

Austin 
48 
66 
I o8 
Brow nsville 
6 8 
8o 
OO 
Cot Du* Christ 
6 / 
87 ll 
Cotulla 
6 6 
79 
OO 
Of! Rio 
VO 
77 
OO 

YAN A N T O N IO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N m r 
1*74 
Awe 
Roc 
Jan n o e 66 
1.74 
8 )2 
Fob 
OOI , 
o I) 
I AS 
I 88 
Mur 
o 7/ 
I IO 
1.4/ 
4 lf 
1974 
1*7* 
Ave 
Rec 
A y r 
*67 
7 J* 
7 78 ll 64 
M ay 
S IO 
691 
3 46 
14 o7 
J un 
I 61 
46o 
7 96 
IO 44 
July 
* J* 
o 44 
I 49 
8 ll 
A u g 
7o9 
I 77 
7 36 ll 14 
Sept 
J TV 
o SI 
4 69 
IS 71 
Ort 
I 48 
7 76 
7 JO 
9 66 
NOV 
746 
o o3 
I J7 
6 19 
Dot 
I *S 
I 48 
I 7* 
6 77 

Junction 
Victoria 

Abilene 
Alpine 
Am arillo 
E l Pavo 
Fort Wortn 
Houston 
L oop ocx 
Lot* in 
San Angelo 
W aco 

46 si 
TEXAS 
47 
74 

76 
46iv 
78SS 
4o 
46 

66 
77 

64 
SI 
48 
54 
S8 
71 
55 
6V 
64 
6o 

64 
67 
66 
38 
64 

 s o u t h w e s t 
Denver tv 
31 
Honolulu 
71 
8< 
Los Angeles 
J 
Las Vegas 
J. 
Pnoeni* 
31 
Sail Laxe City l! 
San Diego 
4 
SO U T H C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
38 
43 
Louisville 
4o 
48 
M em pnis 
SI 
S7 
Oxioftomo City 4o 
>4 
St Louis 
47 
St 
W ichita 
31 
46 
S O U T H E A S T 
Atlanta 
Birm ingham 
Charleston 
4i 
Jackson ville 
4 
New O rleans 
6 
Raleigh 
Richm ond 
7 
T am pg s 

J I 
J 7 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
I OY 
IV 
oo 
I 79 
o1 
I OO 

.o3 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
■o J 
OO ll 
9o 
I 93oo 
J ? 
o1 

■OI 
oo 
OO 
.o2 
OO 
OO 

A tale o f 2 cow boys 

WHOLESALER’S SALE 
F re igh t D a m a g e d & O d d Lot M d s e . 

SAVE Up To 5o% 

• Built-in Appliances 
• Kitchen Cabinets 
• O vens A Ranges 
• Refrigerators 

• D ishw ashers 
• Cook Tops 
• M icro w ave O ve n s 
• Vent H oods 

M o st ite m s h a v e so m e d a m a g e o r im p e rfe c tio n s a n d are priced a c c o rd in g ly . A ll a p p lia n c e s a re in w o rk in g o rd e r a n d h a v e o rig in a l fa c to ry w a rra n tie s. 

SALE ONE DAY ONLY 
Sat. March 5th • 9 A .M . - I P.M. 
1121 East Houston 

5 blocks east of d o w n to w n Post Office 

LOS A N G ELES (A P ) — Roy Rogers is no longer singing “ Happy Trails To You" and Gene Autry has hung up his six-gun. But both men are still riding high _ one has shot a new movie, the other is riding herd on a business empire. 

The two cow boy-Ii eros of films and television are wealthy men today. Rogers is back making public appearances and enjoying a revival as “ King of the 
Cowboys.” Autry is the owner of the California 
Angels baseball team and trying to buy a pennant. 
“ I've just spent $3 million for some ballplayers,” says Autry. “ If I can’t make it with them, PU have to hock my horse.” 
Autry is H9, about 23 pounds overweight and doesn’t ride horses anymore. He runs a business empire of several television and radio stations, a hotel, two ranches and the Angels. 
Rogers is B4. lean and lives an active life at his home on the edge of the desert in Victorville. He exercises daily and loves to hunt, fish, race boats 

 and ride his motorcycle "out there with the wind and the jackrabbits." 
Both men have had long. successful marriages. 
Autry married Ina Mac Spivey in 1932. and Rogers married Dale Evans 29 years ago. 
Autry made 93 films since beginning in 1934 in 
’“ Old Santa Fe.” He has sold 49 million records. 
One-fourth of those were “ Rudolph the Red-Nosed 
Reindeer.” 
“ I was the first of the singing cowboys." he says. 
“ I'm not sure I was the best, hut when you’re first it doesn't matter. Even if everybody else is better, no one can ever be first again." 
Autry's film sidekick. Pat Buttram , says ever­ ything Autry touches makes money. He drilled oil wells that produced, bought his old mox ies for television reruns, sold records. He was making 
$99o,999 a year by 1941. 
Autry says he is through with films. “ I'm like an old ballplayer whose time has past. You’ve got to move on to something else.” 

GENE AUTRY, left, in the 193os, and, right, in his office in I 974 

Rogers is back in films. “ Mackintosh and T I." was his first film in 22 years and he says more public appearances and perhaps another film arc in the works. He and Dale Evans were grand marshals of this year's Rose Parade. 

The Roy Rogers-Dale Evans Museum at Victor­ ville is filled with their memories. There is his first pair of boots and his horse Trigger — “ the smartest horse that ever lived" — preserved in a rearing position. 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

For ecott 

City 
Tem profure 

Fri. 
Sol 

A m arillo 
36 6 6 39 6 6 
C lear, cold 
AuXlm 
39 68 67686 
F a ir. cool 
Lared o 
47 76 43 7: 
P a rity cloudy, cool 
Cornu* Christi 
6? 76 46 73 
Cloudy, cool 
V ictoria 
67 76 4 6 77 
Cloudy, cool 
D allas Fo rt W orth 
49 74 St 77 
Cloudy, coot 
M cAllen Bro w n sville 
6 6 76 56 76 
Cloudy, cool 
Houston 
49 67 39 6 8 
Cloudy, cool 

M E X IC O iM e m c a n te m p e ra tu re s ap p e ar th Doth F a h re n h e it an d 
C en tigrad e or C elsiu s 
F a h re n nett is listed first in each column I 
Acapulco ........... 76 74 
§ 8 
G u adaiu tara . . .67 
' I 
8o 
M a/attan 
63 17 
>4 
Medico City 
... 64 17 
M onterrey ......... 64 1 7 
8 6 

PAUL'S 
NEW STORE 

GREEN GRAND OPENING 
THUMB 
SALE GOO D FIVE D A Y S— M ARCH 3-4-5-6 -7 
SALE! 

CELEBRATING IK SPECIALS 

Shop Our New Store 
At 51o3 BLANCO RD. 
MANAGER ALBERT G RIM M JR. 
SPECIALS ALSO GOOD AT 85 HABY DR. 

49* ea. IO for *4” Buys 
97* ea. IO for $9So Buys 

Jade Plant, Schefflera, Neantha betta Palm, Air 
Plant, Chinese Evergreen, Coleus, Impatiens and 
Fantasia (grown in 3-inch pots). 

PLANTING MATERIAL 
$1.95 la. 4 for $7.oo Buys 
• Potting Soil ............. 
5o Lbs. 
• TopS.il ................ (“ ■ * * .......... 5o Lbs. 
• Sheep Manure .......W P P lfl............ 5 o Lbs. 
• Cow Manure ............ 
5o LBS. 
FICUS BIN J A MINA 

$*99 
I GAL. A 
EA. 

PHOTINITA 
(RED TOP) 

IG M 

• M agnolia tree I gal. 
I 
Sycam ore 5-6', B R. 
• 

• Pomegranate 2-3’ B.R. 

Mim osa 5-6' B R. 
• 
W illow 4 -5 ' B R 
• 

$ 139 la. 3 for $39o Buys 

• Fluffy Ruffle Fem 4" Pot* • Begonia in Bloom 
4 ” Pots • Air Plant 4 ” Pot* • Sprenger, Fern 4 ” 
Pot* • Plumosa Fem 4 ” Pot* 

WAX BEGONIA! 

3 
Pols 
5 9 * 1 4 
IO for *5.5o 

ALOE VIRA 

(Savila) 
4" POI 98' EA. 

REDWOOD BARK 
Jum bo— Medium— Small 
For decorative use or mulching 
3-CU. FT. BAG 
$449 
REG. *5.25 
SALE 

2 to 3 Ft. 
2 GAL. 

JAP LOQUAT 
(Chinese Plum) 
$445 

MANDINA 

I QAI. ‘ I 
” 

I HONKYSUCK L I VINK 

1o*1. * 1 ” 

/ v v w w 

VISIT OUR GREEN HOUSES AT 922 W. HILDEBRAND 
RARE & UNUSUAL PLANTS — String of Beads, String pf Hearts, Begonia Foliosa, Iron Goss Begonia, Barros Tail. 

IMPERIAL PECAN TREE 
HYBRIDIZED FOR LOCAL AREA 
"ABOUT'' 28 NUTS TO A POUND 

DMF, PEACH & NiCToRINITRilg||( 

• EMPRESS 
• NECTORINA m SOUTHERN SWEET • BONANZA jS t s 
5-Gal 
Cont 

NKW: 
$4« t RABBITEYE BLUEBERRIES ................ I-GAL. l l 
• BRAZOS BLACKBERRIES REG 2 25.... I-GAL so 
95 

PINE BARK MULCH 
$ % 

3-C.F. B A G ........................ db 
98 

YARD GERANIUM PLANTS n 
• Red • White 
£ 
4 
O Pink • Orange 
▼ al d 
• Salmon • Violet 
4-IN POT 
. 
14 OO DOZ........... 
19 

KA 

HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PLANTED 

• FERN • BEGONIA t a a c 1 

• SEDUM • LANTANA 
FROM 5 
IJP 

FIG TREES 

• CELESTIAL 
• M O W N TURKEY 
• BLACK MISSION 
• TEXAS EVERBEARING 

3 TO 
4 FT. 
TAU 

INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 

SERVICE AND GUARANTEED WORK 
BIDDING PLANTS 
For Spring Flowers 
| 
6— Plants Per Tray rn I 
>< 
T TRAY 

PLANT THAT GARDEN NOW! 

• S E E D P O T A T O E S 
„ j o s s 
Whit.) .... I -lb JO' 
IO lb... 
I 

V FRUIT TREE SAL 
Apple, Peach, Plum, Pear and 
Apricot 
FRUIT TREE SALE cr, 
BUY ONE REG PRICE 
SECOND ONE FOR 

K 

I 
* 

• A R T IC H O K E S 
$ % SO 

• V E G E T A B L E P L A N T S y g < 
Tray of *ix ................................ rn rn 

O 
T O M A T O S T A K E S 
$ r * S O 

H E R B S: 
• Oregano 
• Lemon Grass • Thymes 
• Lemon Balm 
3 Pots 
O ft * ANO 
REG I 25 
T O if 

ALTI 
Single & 

3 to 
4 Ft. 

IEA 
Double 

* 3 « I 

I XI x*t OOO 
KO. o. 
K 
K 
R 
Poi 

• 
S T R A W B E R R Y P L A N T S 
$ 9 o o 
New Crop, Sequoia.........Doz. 
^ 
# ONIONS 
X Q < 
Yellow Bermuda ....... 
Bunch V Y 

FIG IVY 
Wail Covering 
Reg 
$ I 59 
I 91 
Sole 
I 

PUSSY WILLOW 
4 TO 
STT 
SC95 
TAU 
9 

• CAMELLIAS 
$(J95 
In Bud A Bloom Reg 12.5o 
Sole 7 
• FLOWERING TREES 
(JC 
Peach and Plum-5 to 6 ft............. rn • w rn 

• GRAPEVINES t » 9 < « « $ | p a 
Thomson seedless, Fredonia ........SALI 
I •e rw 

O NEVER TOO LATE FOR A GREENHOUSE 

• GRAPE VINES 
I ) Eft 
R.d Rub, ..................................... 

RANUNCULUS PLANTS 
ANEMONE PUNTS or. *2 5o 
Potted 
3 3 M 
Do/ 

BOXWOOD & OWE. HOLLY 
I -Gallon 
A Q I 
Reg. 1.98........ „ 
Sal* TO 

IM PATIEN S (Sultana) 
A.sorted 
A 
A 
I 
I I S 
S A S O 
Color. 
CA. 
I W IO R "* 

SHADE TREE! 
I 
F A S T GROWING U 
4 AQ 
Arizona Ash e l l 
"* 
3 95 Ea or si FOR 

PECAN TREES: 
• w,uscHiEY 2 for I SALE 
. w ich ita 

( T h e s e J V a r ie t i e s O n l y ) 

IS TO 2o 
Varieties 

MINIATURE ROSES 
$3 
POTTED 
25 

EA. 

PAUL'S PREMIUM ROSES 

Over 2oo Mott Popular Voneltet 
OUTSTANDING ROSES FOR 
PERFORMANCE FRAGRANCE 
AND COLOR 

• TREE ROSES • TREE PATIO • CLIMBERS 

FROM THE BEST GROWERS 

# C alifornia 

# Jackson 

# And Perkin* 
$ 3 5° 

FROM 
ANO 
UP 

CONCRETE AND CLAY 
PRODUCTS 
_ 
1o% 
DISCOUNT 

Square*, round* curbing Circlet Pot* 
Saucer* bud bath* 

PLANT BULBS NOW 

 e GLADIOLUS e BEGONIAS TUBEKOUS e GLOXINAIS e CANNA LILY 

NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 

DURING WEEK LONG SALE 

85 HABY DR. 
51o3 BLANCO RD. 
NURSERY 
NURSERY 
342-4887 
342-4888 
LANDSCAPE PH. 734-6461 

HIN ( T M I HOV I ft 
6:3o I. ft P.M. DAILY 

SUNDAY 
IO A.M. I. ft P.M. 

B L A N C O I O 4 6 o o SLX l N U . 6 1 

 tx 

BL A t O N c * 1 o 3 bianco Rd 
« 
X p 
4 rn 

 mm.. ..., 

M N NI UNO AWI 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

R E D M A C LEASES C h airm a n B. J. “ R e d ” M cC o m b s, left, turns truck fle e t k e y s o v e r to A n th o n y M o n fre y , right, w hile Bob C lark so n , second fro m left, and Jim Guthrie look on 
Itpilmar, M onfrey sign record truck contract 

Tile largest deal in the history of 
Rcdmac Leases was consumated 
Thursday when ‘23 huge diesel deli­ very trucks were turned over to beer distributor John J. Monfrey. 
The STM).(MMI plus contract in­ cludes distinctive paint jobs for the tru c k s that will deliver Falstaff, 
Pearl. Pubs! aud ( at ta Blanca boor iii the city. 
Hedmac Chairman B J. “ Red'' 
M c C o m b s and President Jim 
< int brie turned kevs to the trucks 

 over to Monfrey and his brothers, 
P rank and Anthony Monfrey, at the distributorship. ‘2o19 S. Alamo St. 
"This is the largest lease deal in money (for Hedmac). although some have involved more individual units," Guthrie said Wednesday. 
“We lease anything with wheels 
— and even some things without wheels." he added. 
Guthrie said the lease package also included maintenance man­ agement for all the trucks. 

Americans feel economy good 

NEW VORK (A P) — Americans' confidence in the economy has not diminished in the past two months despite the severe weather, a business research organization said Thursaday. 
But fewer people plan to buy cars or big appliances than in December, the 
Conference Board said. 
“ The fact that consumers continue to be confident, despite the disruptions of the hard winter, and despite high unemployment and the recent rise in the inflation rate, is most reassuring." said Fabian Linden, director of 

 consumer economics research for the nonprofit organization. 
"This may be a sign that the econ­ omy will bloom in the spring." he said. 
The board’s statements are based on a survey of 1o.o(1o households across the country conducted for it every two months by Family Opinion Inc. of 
Toledo, Ohio. 
The latest poll found that more than 
‘29 per cent of those contacted expect business conditions to improve over the next six months, up from ‘25 per cent in December. More than ‘23 per 

 cent anticipate that more jobs will be available, up from 2o per cent. 
But 2o per cent of the families view current business conditions as "good." down from about 22 per cent two months ago. Conditions are "bad,” 23 per cent of those polled said, up from about 22 per cent. 
As for buying plans over the next half year, 8.6 per cent said they plan to 

 purchase a car. compared with the 1o.2 per cent in the previous survey who planned such a purchase. 

Some 4.3 per cent expect to buy a house, up slightly from 4.2 per cent. 
But only 26.7 per cent plan to buy a major appliance, such as a refrigera­ tor or washing machine, down from 
31.6 per cent in December. 

Mart swings upward 

DOW JOHES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE 
. 

Atlanta CofC goes to NYC 

NKW VORK (AP) — 
The Atlanta Chamber of 

$13,ooo Rent Free 

Office Space 

4,5oo Sq. Ft. - Prestige Location 

N o rth w e st 
Call 349-1453 

Commerce tins week opened a Northeast office in New Vork City to pro­ mote Atlanta to com­ panies interested in the moving south. 

"Iii order to reach the decision makers of the vast majority of com­ panies interested in us, we’ve gut to come to New 
Vork,’ said 
Chamber 
President Robert Kattel, who also serves as chair­ man of Atlanta's Citizens 
& Southern Banks of 
Georgia. 

NEW YORK (A P ) - 
Weighing good news against the bad. the stock market tipped the scales on the up side Thursday in light trading. 
The Dow Jones average of 3o industrials moved up 6.57 points to 948.64, coming back from a drop of 2.66 the previous day. 
Gainers, even with losers early in the day, came out ahead by about an 8-5 margin among 
New Vork Stock Ex ­ change-listed issues. 
Big 
Board volume reac hed Mist 17.56 million shares, not enough to sustain a rally, analysts said. 
O u tlo o k good 

‘‘You still are in the midst of a technical ral­ ly, unaccompanied by substantial volum e." said Monte Gordon of 
Dreyfus 
Corp. 
‘‘The market is just shaking the snow from its shoes. 
The cold snap is over and the near-term outlook is improving." 
During the day Trea­ sury Secretary Michael 
Blumenthal tried to reassure the business community is as con­ cerned about inflation as unemployment. 
"The market is react­ ing well to the comfort­ ing words of the govern­ ment." Gordon said. 

"Bu t it still has to re­ solve longterm problems of inflation and spending. 
" It certainly is not coming forward with any great buying — it's just a relaxation of selling pressure." 
Later, the Commerce 
Department reported that factory orders fell 
2.1 per cent in January, their biggest drop since 
March 1975. The weather problems affected the dip. 
Analysts had been con­ cerned during the day that the nation s money supply would take a big jump forward and possi­ bly cause the Federal 
Reserve to tighten up its monetary policies. 

But in the latest weekly figures, released after the market close, the Fed reported the basic money supply fell by $1 billion. 
The Standard & Poor’s index of 4oo industrial stocks picked up .57 to 
112.29, and 
S & P ’s 
5oo-stock composite in­ dex rose .49 to 1oo.88. 

Car sales up 

New car sales rose 2.4 per cent during Fe­ bruary, and the four major auto makers closed higher. General 
Motors was up :ih h' 71' 4; 
American Motors. 414, up and Ford, was ahead 
L4 to 58:<4. 

Jonathan 
Logan, reporting an increase in its quarterly dividend and a 5 per cent stock dividend, was % higher to 14^g. 
Teleprompter said it received permission from the Federal Com­ munications Commission to construct a new kind of cable television antenna to receive satellite sig­ nals. 
Some oil stocks traded actively. 
As of the 4 p.m. close. 
Continental Oil was the volume leader, down :<4 to 34>2. Gulf Oil was up 
% to 29“s. 
On the American Stock 
Exchange. Husky Oil set a new high, up I to 2914. 

,[89o 

4 a 
18 
25 
4 ggo 

FEBRUARY 
MAR 

Houston Oil was second, up 234 to 49>s. 
The N YSE composite index of listed common stocks was up .23 to 54.79. 
On the Amex, the mar­ 

 ket value index rose .13 to 
111.15. 
The NASDAQ compo­ site index for the over- the-counter market closed at 95.53, up .34. 
Blumenthal restates stand 

NEW VORK (AIM - 
Treasury Secretary Mi­ chael Blumenthal tried to reassure the business community Thursday that the Carter adminis­ tration is as concerned about inflation as unem­ ployment. 
And be reiterated his intention to withhold a 
$255 million loan re­ quested by New Vork Ci­ ty to pay its bill next week uniess he is con­ vinced the money tan be 

 repaid. 
"’President Carter is not a spender, far front it." Blumenthal told a luncheon gathering of business leaders. 
"He firmly believes in the need for a vigorous attack on inflation, and he sees this need as just as important as the at­ tack on unemployment. 
"As for myself. I as­ sure you that I did not take ibis job to partici­ pate in an administration 

The 1977 
Itasca Owner 
Protection Plan is already an industry phenomenon. It’ll cover you for no less than rhree years or 36, OOO miles. And nor just on a few isolated ports, either. We’ll cover the inside, the outside, the underside— anything operational, except normal replacement items like spark plugs and oil filters. 
In fact, if you keep your 1977 Itasca serviced regularly, we’ll assure you thor for rhree years or 36, OOO miles, no repair job resulting from o mechanical malfunction will ever cost you more than $25. And for the first year or 
12,ooo miles— Itasca's Limited 
Warranty period— ir won t even cost you a penny. 
How con we afford to offer such o pion? Because we think our Iroscos can stand up for a lot longer rhon rhree years or 36.ooo miles. 
And we've got more rhon o few reasons for feeling so confident. 

WE RE BUILT ON A 
SOLID FOUNDATION 

WHY ITASCA 
HADTH€ GUTS TO 
TNPI£TH€ AVERAGE 
MOTOR HOME 
PROTECTION. 

 lf you do hove a chassis-related problem, you’ve got Chevy dealers — nor to mention Itasca dealers — virtually everywhere who ore ready and able to rake core of if. 
And thor con be very reassuring, even if you never need them. 

WE ONLY INSTALL EQUIPMENT 
WE CAN STAND BEHIND 
Every interior appliance we install is thoroughly rested, lr has to be. 
Because we also bock our appliances for rhree years or 36.ooo miles. 
There s nothing normal about this kind of protection. Mony motor home makers leave you to fight your own bottles with manufacturers when interior appliances aren’t working. 

WE'VE GOT THE DEALERS 
TO MAKE IT W O R K ________ 

Itasca is one of the fastest growing motor homes in years. 
And one reason is because we already hove over 15o carefully screened, qualified dealers around the country. 
That's good for us. And even better for y™ '. Because if you hove a problem with your Itasca, no matter where you ore, theres on army of people who con solve it. 

WE'VE GOT THE BACKGROUND 
TO GIVE YOU THE BEST 

Iroscos ore built by the people who make 
Winnebogos. No doubt, you've heard of them. 
Winnebago people hove been doing things right for a long, long rime. 
And we think Itasca is the culmination of all thor know-how and experience. 
Our background has fought us how to offer comfort and quality of prices os low os $13,264* for our22' mini, 
$17,526* for our 25' full-size motor home. And these manufacturer's suggested reroll prices even include transportation. 
Now a lot of other people will tell you they're just os proud of their motor homes. But how mony of them will bock up their words with 36, OOO miles of protection? 

•U tA H R PW P AND u r n A R I l x t r a 

Itasca chassis, drivetroin and engine ore built and backed by 
Chevrolet. And you con t get much more reliable rhon thor. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

UP TO 
$75o ITASCA REFUND 

Th* first 7o buyers of a new Itasca, from february 25 through 
March 27, 1977 will receive a $75o cash rabat* on th* C2SA Mod*!, 
$5oo Cash Robot* on C27A, C27AI, end th* C24C Models, and $3oo 
Cash Rabat* on th* C22C and th* C25C Models. Th* Seafarer and 
Sunflyer limited models ar* *iclud*d. Make your best deal with a participating Texas dealer, then present this coupon for your 

 refund. 

SCtasca 
HOME OF THE 3-YEAR/36. OOO MILE OWNER PROTECTION PIAN 

TINDALL AND SON MOTOR HOMES 
46oo SAN PEDRO 736-1561 or 736-1568 (»,) 

 that fails to address itself vigorously to the danger 
•if inflation.” 
Blumenthal said the administration will not attack inflation with wage and price controls, 
"jawboning" or schemes to have government noti­ fied in advance of wage or price increases. 
Instead, lie said, the administration will exa­ mine the inflationary impact of all federal ac­ 

 tivity, including regula­ tions, cost-plus purchas­ ing contracts, and re­ quirements for reports by businesses. 
In addition, the admin­ istration will seek a po­ licy on international trade that protects in­ dustry and workers hurt by cheap imports, but 
“ in ways which do not result in inflationary price increases borne by the consumer.” 

Blumenthal and Presi­ dent Carter both have suggested that New Vork 
City must solve long­ term financial problems before the administration will make short-term loans like the $255 million now requested. 
One long-term problem is an agreement, now be­ ing sought, between banks and unions on how­ to repay nearly $1 billion worth of city notes. 

N LHB rules against firm 

Handy Andy Inc. Thursday was no­ tified the National Labor Relations 
Board had overruled the grocery store chain's objection to a 1974 election certifying Teamsters Local 657. 

Handy Andy had filed objections to a 
June 14. 1974, secretballot certification election won by the Teamsters, 1o8 votes to 66. 

The company objected that the union was disqualified for certification as the bargaining representative for exclud­ ing from membership individuals on the basis of race. alienage or national origin and failed to represent employes fairly. 

The bourd overruled the employer's 

 objection and certified Local 657. 

In a blanket ruling, the board eli­ minated a procedure for considering contentions that a labor organization practices discrimination on the basis of race, sex or national origin before certifying the union as the bargaining agent of employes who select it. 

With this decision, the board overruled a 1974 decision establishing the requirement. 

A spokesman from Handy Andy said the company had no comment on this reversal and would not have a state­ ment on a course of action for a few days. 
Home garden review slated 

 i 

 i 

 i 

 i 

 i 

Home garden produc­ tion will be reviewed at a meeting at Wonderland 
Shopping City's Town 
Hall Tuesday ut 7 p.m. 
Interest in home gar­ dens has been rocketing iii recent years, and spe­ cialists of the Texas 
Agricultural Extension 
Service have been giving valuable instruction on the subject. 
Dr. 
Jerry 
Parsons. area extension vegetable specialist, will Ik* the main speaker. 
At the meeting Dr. 
Parsons will discuss 
"how t«» and what with" for better home gardens. 
During World War ll people all over the nation grew vegetables in their victory gardens. 
But surveys by the Ex­ tension Serv ice show that more Texans had gar­ dens last >eur than at any other tune in history. 
In recent years to­ matoes have been the most popular plant tor the home gardeners 
Additional interest has been created in Bexar 
County by the inclusion of a home garden di­ vision in the annual 
South Texas Vegetable 
Day Show in No\enil>er. 
Limousin sales 
The 44 lots of Limousin cattle sold in ihe annual 
Texas Limousin Associa­ tion's sale at Houston brought an average price ol $2,261) per lot. 
Eight lullhlood females sold ft r an average price of 84.794. four fullblood hulls for ail average of 
$4,o75. eight bred Ameri­ can purebreds for an average of $1,8o9, five open 
American pur­ ebreds for an average of 
$1,o23, IO three-quarter blood females for an av­ erage of $1,o45 and nine three-quarter and sevcn- eigliths blood bulls for an average price of 

CATTLE 
CLATTER tv 
BIO. CUNNINGHAN 
Aprteetiare Eviler 

$1,418. 
The highest selling entry was a June 1976 daughter of Gendarme consigned by Deux Amis of 
Luling. 
She was bought by Nordic Farms of Canada for $8,ooo. 
The 
Deux 
Amis 
Limousin Rauch also had a production sale al 
Houston in which 3o lots of pure French Linum* sms brought $153,135. an average of $5,1o5 per lot, 
A January yearling hull topped the sale with a price of $15,ooo paid by 
Dyer and Sims of Baird. 
Sudden change 
George Kotzur of Ad­ kins found out again that soil conditions can change pretty quickly. 
Two weeks ago his place was boggy because 
•if the long spell of wet weather. 
Then the weather cleared, and tho winds blew on several days. 
Early this week Kotzur said the top soil was get­ ting too dry again. 
Ile has some of his land worked and ready for planting. 
Quick action 
Henry Declick said 
Wednesday his place on 
Xenic Road needed a lit­ tle ram. 

Thursday morning ; light rain was falling over most of Bexu 
County. 
Fields at the place hut been chiseled again and < light rain was needed t get rid of some of th lumps in the fields. 
DeCock sent a big An gds hull and four sinai hulls to the Wednesda sale at the Union Sloe! 
Yards. 
362 cattle 
Receipts at the Lon 
Star 
Livestock 
Co 
Thursday included 36 head of cattle. 
Buddy Groff, a par Inc in the firm, said the re ceipts last week were ii the BIM) mark, and abut/ 
1.2oo cows for replace ment purposes were sol there Saturday. 
Marketplace 

Lone Star Livestock 
C ommission Ce. 
Market Report for 
Mar. 3. 1977 
Head Count 362 
Market Steady on Ever­ ything. Packer Cows 
Strong. Stacker Cows • 
28.6o to 36.oo. Stocker 
Cow $ Calf Prs $25o ie 
$3o5. Packer Cows 25.6o to 36.o6. Packer Hulls 
3o OO to 34.25. Stocker 
Steers 37.oo to 41.75. 
Stocker Heifers 29 oo to 
33.75. Feeder Steers 33.6o to 37.oo. Feeder Heifers 
I th (MI to 33.6o.___ 

(LMC TRUCKS 
I Wheel Drive, Short A 
Long Wheel Base Yan* duras A Suburbans 
TINDALL A SON 
Pontiac. CMC 

A 

_ 
_ 
_ 
. , ,, 
■ —a.-—... mmm+mmmtm. -rnmm* w, 
. >■»., .. 

6 o m p l e t i » n a t i o n w i d e 
( ^ o m p o w l t e p r i e e 
K 

Y o r k s t o c k s 

 d e l u s i v e 
I n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

N e w Y o rk (A H I th u r s d a y s n a tio n a l p ric e s to r 
N ew 
Y o n . 
S tock 
E x c h a ^ e issues a of 
N Y S E clo se 
P ric e s and v o lu m e c o n s o lid a te d fo r s e c u ritie s also tra d e d on o th e r rn arm ets 

O tv. 
R E Sates 
H 
_ 
R a tio (h ts ) 
ACE m d I 8o 8 to 
3d >8 
A J ln d 
A M E 
A PL CP 
A R ASv 
A SA L td 
A TO Inc 
A h o tL a b 

? 
36 
I ?4 11 185 
I 
6 
17 
1 3? I I 
93 
AO 
379 
4o 
6 
37 
I 14 21o 
A< m e C tv 5o 21 
15 
A d in Dei 
CU 
5 
33 
A dm T v I I5e 
38 
A dm M i I o5e 8 
I 
A dd rssa 
1oe 1914o 
A n te a l! I 2o 8 372 
A g n a il p f 2 
2 
Ah rn ans 
22 6 IPI 
A lin ed 
A3 
79 
A ir P ro d 
7ob 132o6 
A irb n E r f 6o IP 
37 
A* r co 
I 15 
6 128 
A k /o n a I 2o 42 
54 
Ald G as I 28 
8 
5 
A ia P p l ll 
A la p p f 9 44 
A ia P p f 8 28 
Al ask In Ale 

4 H 
J IH 
14'J 
O U 
2? ’ e 
IO'4 
45' J l l ' ? 
3 
12 
T i 
IP 'i 
3o1 4 
45 
IA H 
3' a 
31 
14*8 
3o’ s 
IS H 
16 
/IO 113' , t i OO 1o2' / 
;8o 
89 

8o 
2o 
491 
6 
5 

18' e 
6 '8 
PO’ j 
27' / 
TO’ a 
19'8 
6’ 7 
12' 8 
24 ’ a 
42 7 
21 1 4 
14 

166 
A lb e rto e 36 15 
15 
A lb e rts n 
77 
9 
59 
A ira n A lu 8u 2416o2 
A ico S td 
96 
6 
13 
A lc o rn b 37 15 
63 
A le *d rs 36- 
6 
16 
AI lea CP VO" 14 
IO 
A llg lu d 
8 37 
A llg lu d pf J 
19 
A ila P w I 68 
8 1o8 
A ile n G rp 7o 7 
38 
Add Ch I 8o IO 224- 45’ 
A lld M n t 
A l 8 
7 
U H 
Ai Id S ir 
I 8o 6 
A lid S u p 
A llis C h a l 9o 
6 
AUrt A uf 
6o 8 
A lp h P rt 
77 
4 
A lcoa 
I 4o 13 439 
Am I Sag 
3 
7 
8 
A m a * 
I 
75 IP 261 
A m a * p l 
3 
71 
A M B A C 
I 
8 
24 
A m erce I 
TO 7 
2 
A Hess 
6o 
AHO- p ts 5o 
A A lr F ill 
56 IO 
Am A ir 
5 
A m c o rd 
6o 9 
Am1'B a k e r 
I 
5 
A B rn d s 2 9? IO a B ro d p f I 7o 
A R dcst t IO 19? 
Am B ld M 5o 
7 
2 
A m Can 2 4o 
A c a ri p l I 75 
A C e n tfy 
A m O re d 81o 

8 417 
8o 
52 
471 
7o 
5 
85 
I 

8 284 
7 
5 
5 
73 
AC van 
I 5o IO ISI 
A m D 'S ll 
13 
A O iStTc'l 84 l l 
A -D ua!V t 
A Du! pf 84a 
A E IP w 2 Os 9 
A F a m ily 4o 
7 
A m E n S y s 
9 
A m p m S y pf 
A G lB d I 96c 
A G ene v I 37 
A G e n ln s M 
A G n ln pf I 8o 
A G n ln p f 9o 
A rn Hoi st 
I 
A m H orn I IO 18648 
A rn Hosp 4o 16 243 
Am In v s l 
2o 
8 
I a M ed ic I 
24 
A M e d cp 
IO 
A m M o trs 
A N a lR 2 64 a rn Seat 
4o t i 
A Simp 
1oi 
6 

3 
57 
2 
9 
819 
378 
9 
/TOO 
27 
28 
66 
33 
I 
6 7o4 

8 118 
5 233 
6 1o7 
8 191 l l 
24 
A m S tn d I 5o 
7 
7o 
A s td p f 4 75 
3 
A m S tp ril 3o 15 542 
A m S irs I 9o 
6 
19 
A T T 
4 TO 1o1349 
66 
334 
57 
6 
4o 
/5oo 
/'TAO 

AT T p l 
A TT p« 3 6-1 
AT T p l 3 71 
A W atW V 
76 
A W at p f I 43 
A W R Spt I 25 
A m e ro n 
I 
7 l l 
A m -s D 
18c 
5 IO 
A 1 rn e tc k I JO 
IO 19 
A m ide 
I 
8 39 
A M IC 
OB. 
6 
7 
A M Pine 
48 
19 197 
A '.p c o 
6o 
IO 
6 
A m p e r . p l l IOO 
A m rts>C p 
A rn si ar I 35 
6 
Ami s lid 
2 
8 
A m ic i 
16 IO 
A n (h r H I SO 
7 
A nd C la v 
I 
9 
A n g e lic a 24 9 
A n i* tc r 
2o 
6 
An sui Co 53t 
A pache 
7o 
8 
A p te O il 
8 
Apec oC p 
A pR w p l8 I? 
A pldD 'O 
A p id O 'U p l I 
A ppi M g 
A rc a ta N 6o 
Ate P IN p l? 
A rrh D d 'i PO 
A rf tic p u t 
A ris ta e 
A n /P S v I 48 
A rk Best 
5?b 
A i kL GS I 8o 
A rtu n B ty 
A m m o I 8o 
A rm p f J IO 
A rm * pf 4 75 

47' 
3 'a 
26'a 
8 H 
16 
54' 8 
34<a 
5o' / 
53' / 
23J* 
19' , 
37 >4 
72% 
2o' / 
1o ’ 4 
1 2 'b 
U H 
44 <4 
24' > 
19-'8 
IO'4 
19 'n 
23'4 
2 ' 4 
17' 4 
28 '4 
11 '(I 
2 6'4 
7' it 
14 
24 
1 4'B 
3'a 
11 
24'8 
I 7 'b 
19 
2 6'. 
18 >4 
21 >4 
3 1 '/ 
7/ 
4 ' 4 
177# 
8 '/ 
4 '4 
47 
IO '4 i r a 
27 >8 
74 U 
9 
33'8 
63’ / 
67' , 
■19 >4 
SO J4 
12 ' 4 
18 '4 
•5 
18 l l ' / 
28 <4 
1 5 'b 
14 1 4 
26 l l ' / 
I U 
I '4 
25' 4 
46' ) 
7 ’ a 
TH' 4 
24 >4 
6 ’ s 
6 8 
7*8 
19' 4 
34 ‘ 4 
I ’ a 

34' a 
J U 
7 1 'j 
14' 4 
43' 4 
7 7 's 
1o 
4 4 '. l l ' * 
?’ s 
IV O 
4' 8 
12 
29' 4 
45 
16'4 
3' 8 
3o’ 4 
14 *4 
2 9 '* 
18' 4 
15’ b 
113’ / 
1o2' / 
89' , 
17' a 
6 'b 
19*4 
26' / 
2o 
1 9 '/ 
6 ' 8 i r a 
24’ 4 
41*4 
2 1 '/ 
13’ a 
45 
U H 
42 
? ' b 
25*4 
8*4 
16 
5 3 '. 
34' 8 
5o 
53’ 8 
23'» 
19' / 
3?'4 
71’ . 
TO’ a 
1o’ s 
17'e 
1 3 '. 
■44 1 a 
74' / 
38 
IO ’ . 
3V a 
73’ a 
2 '. 
17 
28' a 
11-8 
26 h 
7’ 8 
13’ b 
2 3 ’ . 
13 >4 
J U 
11 
74'« 
17 'n 
18' b 
26'. 
18'4 
TO'b 
31 
26’ . 
4% 
12'a 
8 '. 
4’ 8 
41 
IO '. l l ’ / 
27 
7 4 '. 
8 '. 
33' / 
63 
67'» 
49’ 4 
5o / 
17' / 
18 >4 
15 
17-8 l l 1 / 
28 / 
1 5'* 
14 
25’ 4 
IP B 
7 *4 
I'# 
2 5 * 
45'4 
7 
77’ s 
24'a 
6 '* 
6 'b 
7' 4 
18 4 
34 / 
I ’ n 
VO’ 

 l'e 

IO 741 
U H 
I? 
17o 
77% 
27% 
IO 
19 
3 
2H 
7 
28 
14' / 
14% 
J 
IO U 
SOH 
8 
171 
18' / 
18% 
7 
5 
I 
3 H 
74 
147 
9 
74 
7 
117 
5 
/15o 
A rm s tC k 
I l l 185 
/TO 
4 
24 
7 
7 
5 
19 
17 

A m ic pf 3 75 
A rm R o 
I 
A ro C o rp lb 
A rv in 
5?o 
A rv in in p i 2 
A s a rc o 
8o I? 465 
A .iilO 'l I 9o 
7 
V5 
A '/iD rG I 5o IO 134 
A th io n e 
8o 
5 
5 
A h c o M tq 
69 
A tle / E l I 6? 9 
57 
A tlR ic h I 6o 111115 
A il R< pf J 75 
/ 18o 
AI R p l? 8o 
778 
A tld s C p 
17 
33 
A d e p t. ! 
71 IT 3 ’ 8 
A e lm ln d 74 
6 
15 
A v e -Cp 
3 
A v to C p w t 
A vcoC p p t 
A v e ry In t 16 16 
A v is Inc 4o 
6 
A y n e !In t 61) 6 

5o9 

3 * 
18' / 
I t ' * 
32 
? ’ 4 
29 a * ’ * 
55 
27 >4 
57' / 
75 
1714 
17*8 
28’ . 
19' , 
3 3 '* 
3o 
13H 
7' / 
77’ * 
5 5 '. 
SP’ / 
Vt > 
2 o '* 
73' 4 
7>4 
14'* 

3 
18 >4 l l ' * 
3 P » 
? '* 
78’ / 
79-8 
Sd 
22’ / 
57’ ; 
74'4 
1 7'* 
17 
78' / 
18*4 
33 / 
79 *4 
13’ 4 
7'4 
77’ / 
54' / 
57 aw * 
19' , 
2 7 '* 
7 '* 
14 

C ia N e t 
Cho. 
341* 
. 
4 H 
71*4 
14’ 4 . * 
43% 
??' 4 - ' 
IO’ * 
4 4 '* — ’ l l ’ »— I 
3 
I? 
4’ * . 
12 
- I 
3o% - ’ 
45 
1 6 '* E 
1 
3 > » - 1 
3o' / * ' 
1 4 % - ' 
3o' * * ' 
1 8 '* * 5 
15’ * - ’ 
113' 
IOT’ 
89' 
18'4 * ’ / 
A H — 'a 
2 o '/ * ' , 
7 7 '8 * 
A* 
2o 
1 9 '* . 
1* 
6' ? * 
'a 
12’ * * 
’ » 
24 ’ a * 
'* 
4?1 / * 
' / 
71 '4 * '« 
13’ * ♦ 
14 
45’ / ♦ 
>e 
1 3 '* . ... 
42’ 4 
3’ a 
26' s r ' 8 
B U - 'n 
16 
- ’ 4 
5 4 '4 * U 
34 >8 - ’ 8 
5 o '* - 1 a 
53’ / ♦ -a 
23A4* i 8 
1 9 '/ * 'a 
I ? 'a — ’ 4 
77 
- ’ 4 
2 o '? * 
U 
IO ’ * . 
>8 
1 2 J .* '8 
13’ . * '4 
4 4 '* * 
1 * 
74' , 
39 
- >8 
1 o * 4 - ' 8 
39*8 
23' 8 * 
'a 
V t 
17' 4 * ’ 4 
?8 'b * 
1 a 
I P * 
2 6 '/ * 
'* 
7 '8 - '8 
14 
* 
1 8 
24 
* 
'4 
13’ »— ’ 4 
3'e l l 
24'a 
I T '* * 
'n 
19 
* ' » 
1 
76'4 
18 ’ 4 
71’ * * 
' / 
31’ / * 
V 
2 6 '* * 
J* 
4% 
17’ . * '« 
8' 7 
4’ 4 * 
’ a 
41’ / - ’ / 
1o*4* 
’ a 
I P * * 
% 
27 
7 4 '4 - ' / a>4 
3 3 '* — ’ 4 
63 >* * 
'» 
67' / 
4 9*4 * 
U 
5oj 4 * 
* a 
17 ‘ 4 
1 8 *4 - '8 
15 
» ’ * 
18 
♦ 
'4 l l ’ / - '* 
28*4 
15 '4 * 
'« 
14' 4 . 
26 
♦ 
’ * l l ’ / * 
'e 
7 '4 
P « ‘ ' 8 
7 5 '* 
46 
- % 
7 '* * 
H 
78’ 4 ♦ 
' 1 
? 4 > 4 - '4 
6 '4 
6 '* — '» 
J U * 
'n 
19 
34’ J— ' / 
I U 
9o’ 4 - ’ 4 
12’ * - ' . 
7 7 '/ 
'4 
7 ' * - 
14’ / * 1 * 
JO’ / t f 
I ’ * - - '4 
3 * 
18 U - 
'« l l ' * * ’ * 
3 1 '* - '* 
T U 
7 8 '/— i i 
7 9 '* * 
55 
♦ I 
?7>4* 
’ 4 
5 ? '/ * I* -. 
25 
U H * ' . 
1/ 
- 
2 8 '. - ’ * 
1 9 '* ♦ 
' , 
13’ * * 
H 
3o 
IJ ’ 4 
7 ’ 4 
22*4 ♦ 
' • 
5 4 '* * 1 * 
57 
- « » 
68/ 4 + 
’ r 
2o 
* * * 
23’ 4 * 
>i 
7*4 
14 
3115 1615 1615 16 

A v o n P d 
2 16 479 

3 
75 
24 
44 
99 l l 
6 
>7 
76 397 
8 237 
27 196 
IO 
74 
4 
19 
I 
4 
ITO 
41 

14 
I 

I a 
6 
79 
7 
I 
9 
51187 ie 
IM) 
I I TO 
T 

 l l 
1/8 
44 
14 
4 
61 
57 
4 
73 

BT M ig 
B n b rk W I 2o 7 
B ache 
4o* 
6 
B a k e r In 
36 9 
Bafcr In tl 
4? l l 
B d d D H to 
6 
B .illC p 
8o 
B d lly M f n 
B a llo t 2 IS 
Ban C. 1 
61) 
B an d aq 
3o 
Bar in P u t 
H .tnP pf I 75 
B a n P p f 
7 
EVkofNY I 32 
B kotV 1 
88 
B an k A m 8o l l 734 
Bank Tr 
I 
8 
84 
Bnk I p l 7 5o 
IO 
BarbC M I 4o 
74 
B a rd e W 
71 17 
77 
8 a rn s t j p 8o 
7 
5 
Basic inc 
I 5 
6 
Basic p l? SD 
/IOO 
B a le s M I 8o U 
J 
B .iu s c h L 
I IO* 749 
B a * ! T1 v 
71 18 35o 
Bay S IG I to 
6 
7 
B a y k C tq 
74 18 
7 
B. a n n q 
SD IO v 
B e d lid s 96 12 249 
B im, k m n 
J? 15 
8 
Bael D 'c k AL 14 
87 
S c e ib A 
I 
B eke r 
28 
BCICX) P 
7o- 
B*4d»n 
I 37 
B ••■dr* H 
H -llH n w 8J 
B cU C da I o8 
Hem IS 
I 'JO 
B o id '* 
I 
B o lti Cp I AO 
B o ld p i4 IO 
B e id p l I SO 
B oh** p l* 5o 
B H S IM 
B .n q 'B Ole 151o8o 
B e rk e y R 
IO? 
B .s 'P J 
S IO? 
B elt SII 
2 
9 PAO 
B g Three 
A) U IoA 
Bl e k D r 
48 IA ITT 
B a r in k l 
I i i 
B< issL .ru I o8 
7 
4 
Bick k HR 
I 284 85 
B 1 ut-B H I 
I 
A 
A 
B '.jt-b rd DV- 
I 
A 
B o b b ie B r 
58 
B u -'H i 
H U 
9 71o 
B viS 'C v I IO IO 44o 
B r M. lh I JO IO 
3? 
B orde n 
I 4o 9 
TI 
Bor Alar I ti) 8 
B e rm a n s 
4 
B o s f d 
2 U IO 
B e s t p l8 to 
B os! pc I IT 
B y ! pc I JA 
B 'a m it 
21 
7 
Br a un e E AO 8 
B u g SR 
91 13 
64 
Br I -a M / 2 TO 13 38A 
B r.S IM p f 2 
12 b n ! P H 
33c 19 259 
B r k AO I I 4o 
A b k iy U G I Ti 8 
Bk U G p '2 i i 
Own S M P 2o TO 
Br OWOC ITV l l 
B w n G p I 4o 
I 
B r WO Fur 4o 
B ru its vk AD 
B r UY .B l 
I 
8 u ( y f r 
Budd Co ' 2o 
B u d d C o p l 4 
B u d la p l 4o 
B ’.d q ln d 
1oc 7 
B u lt Eu I 4od 
7 
Bu (ova 
B t* d r i p IO 7 
B u n k t l. l I 86 
B u n k R d 
13 
H .k k p l I 5o 
B u r lln d I 4o 
7 
Bur* 74o I «o I 
B a in c p i 55 
B u rn e y to l l 
B u rrq h s ft) I t J2A 
Bu i i «r G O 
7 
43 

1o7 
Kl 
29 

29 
5o 
2o5 
ITO 

5o 
15 
A 

I 
21 
I? 323 
7 7o8 
7 
14 
12 
69 
4 
44 t m 3 
« 
79 i i 
23 
I I 
47 
<7 
ASS av 
B t 

4 5 '* 
71 >4 
13’ / 
17 '* 
JA * 

I t 
7 
3 P . 
7*4 
I P . 
45 ' 4 
14’ 4 
17'« 
7 3 *. 
TA’ . 
2 o '. 
IA 
1A 
TO'* 
77 
1 4 '. 
14 ’ n 
TA' , 
3 7 *. 
29 
IA l l * * 
1 8 '• 
15’ * 
36 
3o' > 
IA U 
33' / 
TIS 
4 '* 
78 
74'« 
24’ . 
31 
» ' • 
8*4 
2 7 '* 
77 
I U 
2o*4 
47 i O U 
45 
74% 
54 
5 1 '* 
28 
P . 
7 / 
4' I 
7 1 '* 
3A / 
J I * 
17' 4 
1 4 '* 
IS *. 
19'. 
» % 
SH 
J * 
43 a 
37 ’ * 
75 
37*4 
37 
I ’ * 
26 , 
96 * 4 
I T '* 
14 *» 
9’ / 
39 • 
77' / 
6 4 *. 
43 l f * . 
I I ’ 1 
I * '* 
T i ' * 
I * . 
* * • 
77 
• '« 
1 5 '. 
7 7 '. 
23'* 
19 
47 
6 'k 
• ’ , 
77% i ' t 
17' 4 
? ! '• 
IP * 
TO 4 
74’ / 
U / 
J U 
18 / 
AAU 
I t > 

45* 
71*4 t i * * 
17*. 
4 5 '* 

7 
31’ / 
7 '4 l l ’ / 
45 
14 ’ 4 
16 . 
77’ > 
TA1 • 
19’ 4 
15 ‘ 4 
IS *. 
2 o '* 
Ti 
34*4 
14*4 
2 6 * 
36*4 
28 . 
35*4 
13 . it* * is * * 
36 
» ’ % 
3 5 *. 
33 
7 1 '. 
4*4 
7 7 '* 
24’ , 
74 io u 
7? 
I 1 1 v 
71*4 i U 
JOU 
EA 4 
TOU 
44 4 
7 3 '* 
53’ , 
SP* 
28*4 
P . 
7 4 
4 ’ * 
7 o '. 
35*4 
1o% 
16 . 
U U 
18 / 
191. 
3o'• 
5' / 
3 ’ * t i . 
I P . 
7 4 '. 
17 
JI , 
I ' * 
28' 4 
9 6 '. 
17 * 
15'* 
9 ’ * 
V '6 
77 
641 * 
47 t | ' . l l 4 
>9*4 
V U 
8*4 
V . 
7 1 *. 
I ' 1 
IS'4 
7 6 '. 
73' 1 
1$*4 i i 
A U 
• ' » 
JA1. i U 
17 
T P * l l 
JO '4 
7 4 '. 
44’ . 
7*4 
18*4 
AO'* 
Mi1 * 

45 '•* - ’ r 
7 1 * 4 - '4 
13' 1 
1 7 '. 
46' r r 
>4 

7 
3 1 '* * 
** 
7*4 
I P * 
45 
- 
*« 
14' 4 4 
' . 
IA U 
H 
2 3 '* * 
' / 
V A '* - ' • 
TO 
1 5 '. * 
' • 
16 
2 o '* 
Ti 
♦ 
’ » 
35’ 4 4 
4* 
14*4 
VA 4 • 
U 
37’ . ♦ 
’ / 
T H U * 
'4 
36 
• 
! 3 '» - ' • 
1 8 '* - '4 
1 5 '* - *4 
36 
• 
'4 
3o’ / * ’ • 
36 r i* 
33 
- * • 
P P * 
4*4 
V U • 
‘ 4 
2 4 *4 * 
’ 4 
24 
- 
J O *# - ’ • 
??' 4 * 
'4 
H U - ' • 
? 7 '» r ’ / 
? ! ’ • ♦ ’ • 
I U 
2 o '/ - U t 
16 4 
TO1. 
45 
4 
* * 
24 
- •» 
S3* > 
S IH - *t 
2 8 * 4 - *4 p * 
’ • 
7 * * - * f 
4’ , — ' • 
P P k * ' I 
36 / • 
'» 
31’ • * ' i 
1 6 '* * 
' • 
1 4 '* - ' . 
18 4 - *4 
IV '* r i, 
3o’ 4 
5 '* 
3‘ i * 
4 3 . 
37J. * 
*4 
2* 
♦ 
*4 
37 / ♦ 
’ • 
H U * 
U 
3*4 
PAU - * * 
9* 4 * n 
17’ / 
*• 
15 U • 
*4 
9 / * 
‘ e 
3 9U * I U l r 1 
64 U 
42 
- I i l u 
- u 
J J U -* U 
1 9 * 4 - 14 
V U 
I 1. - U 
E U - . - 
T IU 
I U * 
>« i i * . 
V U ♦ 
>4 
7 3 *4 * U 
19 
* 
<4 
57 
- 1 
A U * 
U 
O' 1 
V U ♦ IU 
I U 4 U n u * ** 
7IU 
U U 
TOU * ' • 
I* ' j u 
44' / 
7 '. ♦ 
U n u * u 
• 9 * . . 
W U - G 

: | 5 
» 
■*Cl fa ro 
O M t q G P 
Z IMH in . 
' 111 hi 
7 4o 
C L * '* t 
~ l c I m i t 
C M lin y 
CNA E tnt 
N A p l A I IO 
I I I 
:N A I 
I UOa 
3o 
R f k it I IO 
9 
63 
J I SCU 
AO i i i 
.4tK.4bE 
5 

IO 
396 SAU 
SAU SAU 1 
75 
I * / 
» U 
1 *1* n u I A I ! IA U IA 
A 
5 '* 
S '* 
5 U 
• 
V I 38U 
3 7 '* JJU 

I l f * . 
1o no iu 
14 
W I 
JOU 
7*6 

I U 
17 
A’ * t i* * 
IR* » 
47H 
18*4 
7 u 

C iv. 
R -E S a m 
M 
R a ti# ( M D 
C a b o te 
I 4o 
7 
C adence 
4 
C aesars 
Cal F in I 
8 
C a tP U t I At 
8 
C dtldhn 35r TO 
C a m e rn B r 
C m pR L AOa IV 142 
Cam Sp 
I 18 I? 756 
C a m pT I 37 IO ll? 
C d n P a r 86- 
6 
63 
C a na iR 
64 l l 
7 
C a p C ifis to 11 
84 
C a oH old 6o ll 
97 
C a ro o r 
I 17 8 
3 
C a rltn q O 
IS 
3 
C a rlis le 
Sn 
7 
1 
C aroC & O h 5 
/ISO 
C a ro f rq 
7o I? 
7 
C a ro P w I 7? 8 
C a rp p l 2 67 
C a r Tee 
7 
7 
C a rrC p 
64 IO 
C a rt H o w 9Q IO 
C a rtH w p t 7 
C a rt W a ll JO l l 
Case N G 5or to 
C astlC k 8oti 8 
C a trp T r I 5o 171o5o 
CecoCp I IS 13 
13 
Cel an se 2 8o IO 
79 
Celan p»4 SO 
I 
Centew 
I? 
« 
33 
Cen S ow I 26 9 878 
C m H ud I 72 
7 
14 
< ms ll I L I I AD 
C e lli p l4 5o e m i t p f 2 87 
C m l! M 2 67 
C m ll PS I 28 IO 
39 
C o n la E I 4o IO 
87 
C "M P w I IO 9 
25 
Cen Soya 7o 
7 333 
Cen T e l 
I 36 IO 
T9 
C entr O at 
I 11 3o6 
Crf teed 
TO IO 137 
C essA tr I TO 
7 178 fh a m p ln 
I 
7 543 
C h a m p ln l w i 
24? i v 
C hm I p l I 2o 
IT 
H U 
Ch am Sn AH IO 326 
12' n 
C h a rtrC o o4e 
7 142 I U 
C h rtN Y 7 IV 
6 
47 
3o 

197 
3 
46 
87 
74 
3 
34 l l 
81 

9 
49 
/TO 
/'TOO 3o 
/TOO 
28 

46’ 4 
J U 
J U 
S U 
19' .• 
IS 'e 
1*4 
29 '4 
38 * 
3 2 '* 
161 a 
8U 
49’ / 
71’ * 
34 / 
? '* 
IT’ * 
67 U 
6 ’ .. 
72U 
3o 
36 
U U 
TO 
35 U 
7 '* 
S' ; 
1 5 '. 
52U 
IA U 
47' / 
S P * 
I P * 
IA U 
I9 U 
18 
55 

15 
PAU 
15U 
14'n 
25 
25’ * 
74*4 
2 7 '* 
22 ‘ 

Chasid 6o’ 
Ch a se M 2 2o 
ChaseT 
O ie ls e a 
4o 
C h e m in I SO fh m k j y 2 as 
C ties V a I TA 
C heg Prt 8-1 l l 448 
Cl less ie 7 37 
7 
93 
Ch-M IW 
( hi MIW p l 
C h iP ne T 

3o 
9 867 
74 
36 
9 
22 
; i n 
7 
2 

164 
7 
16* 39 
2o 

775 
411 
97 

ChkE ult 
C h r.s C fi 
CM C ll pl 
Ch ro m al 
84 
C h ry s le r 
15< 
C h u rc h AOb 
C .n B e l! I AO 
O n n G E I 64 1? 
C t g p l J 75 
C in e p f 9 3o 
C inG p f 9 52 
C tn M ila I JO 14 
C itic o rp 
VA 9 
C itie sS v 
3 
7 
C ’t/S R 
C 'ty ln v s t AA 8 162 
C 'ly ln v w t l l 
C ily ln p l 
? 
91 f it y h p f l IO 
31 
C la rk r I AOa 8 IU 
C la rk O 'l 
5o 14 131 
Cle v El 2 64 
9 
8o 
C U E ! p l / JO 
/IAG 
C levepk 
Ai 
6 
53 
C lo ro * 
5? IO 197 
C iu e 'P e a SO 
6 
JO d u e l! P p l I 
A 
C s'S tG s 
6 613 
C st SG pf I 83 
28 
Cst SO p i I 19 
8 
Coca Bl) 4oa 13 21o 
CocaC ol 2 AS 18 993 
Coldw B k 5o 
8 
IO 
C o le N at 
<o 
7 
28 
Colet o l l 
88 
C o lyP a l 
98 13 584 
C o tlin A ik 64 A 374 
C o llin E 
o5e 
6 
28 
Col Penn 
7o 
9 
13 
C o lo n ist I IS 7 
A 
C oll le d 2 5o 
6 
VA 
C o ll p l 
I AD 
3 
Oil p l 
4 25 
I 
C o'G as 
7 24 
8 123 
ColG . p ts 6? 
CO'Gs p*S 48 
COluP'Cl 
ColSOh 
7 2o 
'O S O p !7 47 
C o m b e 
o5- 
C o m ltE n q TIO 137 
C m b E q tor 17 
47 
Com wfc 7 IO 9 
C o .nE d A w t 
Com f p l I 9o 
Com F p l? 37 
' o m f p !7 87 
C o m r p i« 4o 
'p m I p l 7 24 
Com w o 
C o m o p l I T? 
C om sat 
I 
9 
'o m p u r 
2o 
C om psci 
' o n A g r 
75 
Cone M I I 7o 
'o n q o lm 6o 
C oim M t AD 14 
‘ our ac 
8ob 
C onE d 
2 
'o n F p f 
6 
'o n F p l 
5 
*onF ds I JO 
* o n f p l . 5o 
'u n F r g t 
W) 
'u n NG s 7 5o 
' nO Pl W 96 
‘ o n sP w 
2 
’ n P w p l I 5o 
CnPw p l 7 45 
"n P w p f ' 7? 
*n P w p l 7 76 nPv. p l 7 68 u p w p f? 43 n P w p l 5 5o 
” P.'. p f 
6 ont A .r 
C o m co p so 
4 o nM C p? 8o t4 136 
C n tlO rp 
J 
9 767 
'n n l l Co 2 4o 8 
67 sConiltP I 28 
8 
C o n tllR t 
Cont O '' I TO o n tO ilp t I 
C u n'T H I o8 IO ITV 
'o n tlD 'a 
8 UA 
C " o ' p l J SO 
/JO 
Conw d 2 JO 
8 
8 
C u U U n 
3o' 
6 

31' 4 
7 U 
A’ 8 
31 
U U 
28' / 
24 
W u 
8 
13*4 
28’ j 
3 ' H 
S '* 
IS '* 
16 
451 W U 
73 
33’ * 
8 
23's 
37 
27*8 
/IOO 
SB 
/?o 1o7 

B U 
1 9 'j 
15 l'» 
TSU 
T8‘ z 
31*4 
16’ 8 
8 
19 
21' 4 
34 / 
? '* 
17'a 
67 
A' * 
T IU 
3o 
3SU 
IA U 
19*4 
35 U 
7 '* 
BU 
15’ 4 
S IU 
16 
47 
S IU l l ' * 
16 
19'* 
IT U 
55 
3o’ / 
28’ / 
1 4'* 
PAU 
15U 
13U 
24 U 
23' / 
7 3 's 
27' 4 
2 2 '. 
??' » 
77U 
17’ / 
J *4 
79 ? 
8 ’ / 
3oU 
7 '. 
6 
31 
JO'* 
78U 
73'4 
3 7 '. 
TU l l 1. 
7 7's 
3 U 
S U 
IS '* 
IS '* 
19' a 
33 
73U 
22’ a 
58 
1o7 
/7o5o1o8' /1o8’ /1o8' 
3 
3 7 '* 
37' / 
17' 

Cl# N#t • 
Ch* 
46U ♦ 
U 
4’ ? 
4’ ii — ' a 
S U 
IV '* - 
1 5 '* * 
U 
I ' . - U 
79 
- 
38'* * ’ . 
32’ / * 
U 
1 6 '* * •* 
8 U * U 
4 9 '* 
7 1 '. * U 
34’ / * 
>4 
2 '* 
17’ . 
6 7U * I 
A U - U 
22’ * t ' n 
3o 
36 
* ' » 
16’ 4 
W U - U 
35>4- '4 
7’ / * ' * 
SU - U 
IS’ 4 
S I ' . * 
'( 
16'4 E 'n 
47’ / ♦ ' * 
S I U - ' e n u - u 
16' « 
W '. - U 
IT H - U 
55 
- '» 
JO’ / — U 
78' / - ' / 
15 
* 
U 
26U 
15’ . 
14 
- 
25 a 
’ . 
2 4U e I ' . 
24U E 
V U e ' e 
22'* 
72' 4 * U 
72’ * - 
17’ / - U 
4 ’ * E ' 4 
79 U - H 
8 ’ . * 
U 
3 1 '. e '* 
? '» 
6 
— U 
31 
J I ' . . I 
2 8 '/ e 
', 
7 3 's - >> 
3 8 '. * '» 
T U * 
H 
13’ . * 
U 
27 'n - H 
3 '* 
5 
— ' 4 
15 U * 
’ ! 
16' * * 
1. 
W U * ’ * 
33 * 
73 U 
2 7 'a * U 
58 
IOT 

TV 
SPU 
I U 
1 3 'b 

25 U l l ' * 
39 
W U 
33U 
86 14 i n * n u 
9 '. 
13' 4 
1 5 '. 
24 
19' * 

7 
4 73? 
7 
57 
5 
8 
14 

SMS 
2 
7 
8 
13 

2 n o 
14 
7o4 
83 
IO 1o9 
4 
14 
4 
43 
473 
27 
7 
IS 
5 456 
5 
6 a 
63 
5 
I 
2o 
I bl 

8o' j 
IS H 
I ? '. 
I ' i 
H U 
12'4 
TU 
TI 
72*4 
51 >4 
77 ’ . 
T I' / 
2 9 '* 
6 o' a 
5 9 '* 
IO 
7?'« 
7 7 '. 
7 IU 
4 9 '. 
23’ * 
ID U 
IO 
27’ / 
78 
37 >* 
4o 1o1 
89 
S U 
14 
3 4U 
33’ 
7*4 
U U 
22 U 
16’ 4 
IT U 
74 U 
TV > 
? 3 '/ 
54 
7 4U 
67' / n u 
36U 
/TOO 119 
6 i i i 
P l'* r n 
49* ? 
/95o 
8 o *. 
/S4oo 81’ i 
HOO 
83 

IO 

/IOO 
IO 
I 
4 
64 

18 
42 
83o99 
I 

Kl 
25 U 
69 
BS’ / 
A 's 
SU 
51’ / 
46 
55% 
IA U 
I >4 
15’ 4 
VI i , 
16 ’ n u 
5o 
38% 

79 
59 U 
I U 
U U 
1 4 
75 l l 1 / 
37' / 
19 
3?’ » 
86 n u n u 
9 / 
13 
U U 
2 3 '* 
W * 
S U 
79’ / 
I S '. 
1 7 '* 
7’ * 
25 ' . 
17 
7 '* 
26 U 
7 7 '* 
51’ / 
77’ / 
T IU 
7 9U 
ADU 
SVU 
9 U 
77 
77U 
Pl 
•IV 
7 3U 
TV's 
1o 
7 2 '. 
77 U 
3 2 '. 
IOO' / 
o9 
5 '4 
U ’ / 
3 3U 
33 U 
7’ / 
13' , 
2?'4 
15’ . 
1 7 '. 
24 U n u 
7 3 '. 
54 
2 3U 
67'4 
22*. 
3 6 '. ll# 
T IU 
49 
8o 
IT' / 
83 'n 
83 
2 5 '/ 
69 
65 
6' / 
S U 
51 
J6 
55 
16U 
I ' . 
34 
V I' , 
.IS H n u 
5o 
38 

79'4 » 
'4 
59 U * '» 
I U 
13’ / • 
% 
>4— 1 l f 
75U 
I I H 
39 
* I ' . 
19 
- U 
33U * 
U 
86 
- I 
U U - '* 
I I H * 
T U 
1 3 U * u 
IS H * 
U 
74 
E % 
1 9 '. * 
U 
S U * u 
8 oU * 
U 
IS H * 
U 
1 7 '* * 
't 
7 ' , . 
U 
2 5 '/ * ' a 
17’ * 
7 U * 
’ « 
77 
♦ 
’ » 
7 2 H - 'n 
51*4 * 
U 
27’ . * 
U 
T I U ......... 
?9'» * 
U 
6o U 
’ * 
59H 
IO 
* U 
27 
- U 
7 7U * 
U 
21 
4 9 '* * 
'* 
2 3H * 
1; 
IO U * 'n 
IO i V / 
28 
* 
U 
37 * u 
1o1 
* U 
89 
E U 
SU 
U H — H 
34*. * 
U 
33' / - ' / 
T U * 
' . 
13' 7— *» 
7 ? '» — ' / 
IA U * 
I T ' , . 
' . 
74 U . ' • 
2 7 '/ 
7 3 '. 
54 
- 'n 
74 
- bi' I » ' 4 n u - u 
J A H — ' . 
119 
71'»E 
U 
4 9 / e 
U 
MO 
— *4 
83’ / ♦ 
H 
8 
3 
' 
• 
S I 
« I 
75’ / - H 
69 
♦ 
’ ? 
85 / * 
U 
6 '* * 
'n 
SU 
51' , 
36 
- U 
5 5 '. — 'n 
U U 
1*4 E 
34’ / 
U 
V I ', 
16 n u * 
5o 
38U ♦ 

C b op ! R 
C opr'lnd fo p p R g 
C o rd u ra 
IOC' 

 to 16 
65 
9 
J 
6 
7 
M 

C o u sin s c OW (es 
C o . B de! 
Ct a*q 
3o 
C ran e 
I 2ob 
Crett IE 74b 
C ro c k N I 66 
( r o rk N p f3 
C ro m p k 
VO 
7 
( ro u H i 
I IO 
C ro H • p l 3 35 
C r w C k 
7 
Cr w / H 
I 8o 11 
( ru « E O I SA 8 
C u ib ro I 32 
I 
I u ltig a n 
14 IO 
I u n *f n q I 4o * 
( urn I p .? SO 
C u n n D rg 25 9 
< a rr inc I OM 
C ur tis W r ti) 
C u tler M t 8o 
CVC lo p I 2oa 
9 
5 
C v p ru s 
I JC 59 

IS 
4' / 
4% 
4*8 — ' H 
769 l l 
A l’ / 
. I M ­ 
I 4 
M I 
I? 
I I H 
M U * 
' * 
IP 
17% 
17% 
1/ M - 
' » 
I l l ie tS 
* 
14 
27% 
27 n u i i 
J' / 
3 '* 
J U 
21o to) * 
59% 
4o 
28 
1% 
1% 
I % 4 
' * 
M 
UU 
U 
UH 
17 
29% 
79 
29 
- 
1 4 
39 
U H 
IU * 
17 
M 
79% 
28% 
29 
* 
3o 
5% 
S U b u ­ 
' • 
VO 
28% 
28 lb' K * 
I, 
3o 
43% 
43% 
43% ♦ 
I , 
IS 
14% 
I J H 
14 
8 
79% 
79 
79 
- 
*S 
3 l l l l l l 
- 
, j 
3oo 
MOU 
2o% 
7o % * t» 
94 
41% 
4o% 
41% * 
• f 
152 
77 
26% l l 
* 
N 
5 
21H 
71*4 
T IU 
16 
I I H l l ' * 
I I H * 
I. 
96 
4 7 '* ii 
47 
- 
'» 
/25oI78 
W 
UT 
- 7*. 
7 sn 
8 ’ / 
8% » •) 
34 
IJ H 
U H 
UU 
IO’ 
16 t i - * 
!>*#-- 
* ; 
M I 
42% 
41* , 
AV / — I 
25 
26% 
25% 
7 S H - 
* 4 
33 
24% 
23 
7 4 '• 

UHE in t 
D a m o n 
O d ’tR iy 
D a naC p 
D a r iln d 
D a rt p l 
O a U G e n 
D a yco 
SOI) 
O a y fH d I 2o 
D a y IP I I to 
D P L p l? 48 
Deer t- 
I IO 
O H M on I SO p e lm .P I 2o 
O H ta A ir 
TU 
O H lee 
D h Iona 
D w m M I I 24 
7 
Der <n ys tx IO 
D m ts p iy MU U 

IU 
V 
2o '7 143 
48 
5 
13 
97 9 
AO 
1b 
8 IU 
7 
U 
TO 114 
$ 
9 
9 
79 
9 
9o 
/H O 
73o71 
I 
34 
9 
VV 
8 26o 
I? 
47 
7 
I l l 
41 l l 
38 
D tS otO 
AL’ 
D e lE d is I IS 
O' 'E pl 6 5o th IE pl 9 32 p e lf p l > to 
Del F p* > IS 
O H I p l 7 JA 
C M E pt 2 75 
D vF pts? '5 
D r .te r 
MO 
8 
O 'G 'u rq o6— 
8 
O d* E ail 
TO 
6 
O 'd n In* 
/ 
9 
O 'dn M I fit 6 
E 
<d m S*’ I M) V id ( IO I IO 
E lf k A M 
2o I t tx I d ph n Al 11 
D '- b u l’J t i 
O tq d a itq 
D in in g rn 
52 
O ’lkSn 
I UMI 
O 't i e / 
16 
B iy rs td tn 
'v rk M tq 
D r P ep pr u 16 193 
O o m -M no4 IT 133 
O w iL u J I Ti- 
7 
37 
D one el t y 68 IO 
5* 
O o rO li. 
IB - 5 
6 
D ot le y 
4 
6 
74 
O o v trC p 9o l l 
44 
Do w Ch 
I 111443 
Dow Jan I 16 16 111 
O fd v o 
I o5 8 
6 
D m sser 
8o 
9 393 
O re . B d I 44 l l 
D rey t ak SS- 6 
$ 

TU 
BU 
TI 
3 7U 
IA U u u 
18 
3 5 '* 
IV * 
15 / 
J IH 
TRU 
U H 
32 
I U 
I U 
25*4 
TOU 
T I' / 
U U 
16 
66 1 
/ JO IOO 
/ISO 
Mf 
I 'MO 
MI 
/JOO 
79 * 
I 
TM ‘ 
8 
Tm * 

/ I 
IO 154 
JO MM6 
6 
54 
U 
5 
16 485 
53 
« 

 n u 
TU 
IT H 
R U 
IV '* 
R U 
33 U 

M U 
12’ / 
U 1 / 
IV 
37*4 
3 9 u 
I * , 
I U u s n * 
J U 
73 U 
IT H 
17*4 t i ' / 
I? 
W U f t / 
I i* i 
U U 
I U do P ort! 5 /St 14 TO# HO' tuP nl p f l 5o 
<lu E*n' p i 4 SO 
D'./fct P I ti) 
O ukt p i » 75 
D u k t p l I TO 
B uMr p f 2 Av u n B 'd I UA 15 
D u g I ig I Ti IO 
D uq el A? IO ■ 
O u q p i 
2 I ' 
D u q s t 
I t i 
O y 'tto in a i 

 r n 
64 
A U 
M 
IQI 
29U 
26*4 
IV *. 
/H O 
JA 
/TOOD JAH 
I M 
JO / 
I 
I? 
I lk * 

J 
23 
1o3 
2 
/IOO 
J 
43 
87 

T H 
I ' * 
PA1* 
J IH 
35U 
4?** 
IT * . 
35** 
»»’ • 
• 5 ', 
V U 
TSU 
13*4 
31*4 
7*4 
4*4 
2 5 '. 
TOH 
TI 
Ii* a 
15*. 
AS •* 
IOO 7 
HOU 
MO 
T V '/ 
T IU 
T IU 
TTH 
7 . 
17*4 
38*» 
W 
34*4 
37 H 
I U 
11*4 
IT H 
41 U l l ' *SII 
1’ I 
I U 
17*4 
SO*. 
I * * 
23 

 l ! u w u 
3«>. 
TV*. 
J4U 
JI 
ITH a 1 a 
IM H 
SOU 
A 3*. 
TOU 
IT 
3oo*4 
29*4 
JAH 
W U 
25*4 
JA 
IO 
T v , 

TU 4 
TU 
1*4 
26 U r 
]? ’ 4 * 
15*4 4 
42H ♦ 
17 4. — 
3 5 U * 
U U - 
•SU 4 I 
T I* * * 
28*» » 
13'a 
32 
- 
I U * 
A H * 
25 , 
2oU 
28 , * 
M U ­ 
ISE. 
65*4 4 
IOO 4 
81 
- I 
8o 
- 
TV*. . I 
N U 
28% 
2 T U ­ 
TU ■ 
1 7 * 4 - 1 
JA H 
W U 4 I 
35 
- 
I T H - I 
7 * 4 - 
11*44 I 
17 /4 
H U 4 
IT 
4 
37 r — ' 
SAH 4 
I ' / 
I U — 
Iii:*. 
5UJ 4 —-1 
3*4 
73 
- 
IA U — 
12% I 
J *' »— 1 
JAH 
79 U 
1 
24 | . 
’ 
IA U 
I T . 
» ' • - 1 r n 
4 
5o*4 4 ' 
6 3 * 4 - 
2 oH 4 i l l 
>oo*4 
1 
29% 
T A H * ' 
H U 
TA 
* ' 
TA 
- ' 
S u t < 
T i' a 

O lv. 
R I S # IM 
H 
L 
C l# N#« ' 
R # tl# ( h d t) 
C hg 
E D S 
IO 14 
68 
IS H 
15’ , 
IS H 
E IM e M q 
3 
3o 
4 
3% 
4 
E ’M M pl Ik 
7 
9 '* 
9 '. 
9 H — -* 
E 'q .n N a l 
I 
8 
1o4 
2 3 '. 
72*. 
2 3 * * * % 
E lik ir in d 
6 
55 
7% 
6% 
6 * 4 - % 
E llra C p I 16 
8 
IO 
78% 
V U 
28% * 
% 
E " o r E l 
I 
16 53? 
34' / 
34% 
34% - % 
F m a ry 
I 2o !8 
TI 
36% 
36% 
36% * 
% 
E m e ry ln 44 
9 
4 
IO '. 
'O '* 
'O '. 
E m h a r! I 8o 
7 
43 
37% 
37% 
3 7 % - % 
E m o D E I 36 IO 
9 
15% 
IS *. 
1 5 '* * 
% 
E m p G as 4o 
7 
IS 
23 
77*. n u 
E n q lM C I 2o 
9 
86 
34' 8 
33% 
34 
- % 
F n n ts B 
37 
5 
5 
6 8 
6 
6 
E n s e rc h I l l 
8 749 
2 8 '* 
28% 
7 8 '* * 's 
E n te r 
I 2o 
7 
5o 
7 9 '* 
79% 
29% . 
% 
E n v r tp f 3oe 
9 
17 
37 % 
37 
32 
E q ,/ifa « 
Ta 
8 
72 
26*. 
26% 
7 4 % * 'n 
E g u irrirk o8 
7 
5 
U U 
17% 
I V * * 
% r q u 'tG s ? 84 
7 
6 
16% 
36% 
3 6** 
F q u tL f 7 o9e l l 
86 
74 
2 3*. 
23V - 'n 
F s m a rk I 76 
I l l 
37% 
31*4 
J I 
♦ H 
E s q u ire 
IS 
J 
9% 
9% 
9 % — I , 
E s te r I me 36 
7 
5 
V , 
7% 
T H * 
% 
E th y l 
I 6o 
6 
37 
4 3 '* 
43’ / 
43% 
E v a n s P d AO 
8 
165 
17*. 
12' , 
U H 
E v a n s p f I 4o 
SI 
15 
M i. 
15 
* % 
E kC ,-IO I 25 
6 
33 
26*4 
26 ? 
26 H 
1 * 
E x c ls r I 73e 
I 
TOH 
TOH 
TOH 
F. * * o n 7 ISi 
91366 
57% 
J.' 
S IH 
52% 

E MC 
I l l 
5/o 
25 *. 
25' / 
75*s - % 
I MC p l J t i 
13 
36 
36 
.36 
- % 
E a b rq e 
4o 
8 
111 
8 % 
8 
8’ * * 
' . 
E a b r 'C lr TO 
6 
2o 
T U 
7% 
I U - 'n 
E a c e tE n t l l 
3 
S H 
5*4 i ’ n * ' * 
E a irC a m 8o IS 471 
34 'n 
33’ / 
34' * -* ' . 
E a ir le d 
JO 
9 
79 
9 ’ a 
9% 
V U f a irm tE 68 
7 
8 l l ' / 
H H l l ' / 
E a irm tp f 
I 
I 
U U 
13' / 
U U * 
*8 
E r W s! Fn 
7 
69 
9 % 
9% 
9 % ♦ % 
F a ra b M f n j 
5 ' 4 
4% 
5 
* 
% f udders 
38 ha 
6 
5 H 
6 
E edM C o I 6o 
5 
IO 
7 6 ' . 
76 
76% • 
% 
E (IMcxj 
I 4o 
6 
13 
73% 
73' » 
23% - % 
E e d N M t 
I 
6 797 
IS H 
15% 
I S H * 
% f cd P a B d 9o 5 
37 
IT H 
17 
17 
- % 
E P a p p l I 2o 
78 
21% 
71 
21 
- % 
ES,ani 
I 
8 
I 
18 la 
18 
- % 
E -d D S t I 46 17 635 
4 1 '* 
AO' / 
41% + 
% 
E i r ro 
I 25 
8 146 
32 
32 
J I 
- 'n 
E ib re b rd 
93 
8% 
8' / 
B H — '* 
E id f rn 
17e 
5 
A 
6*o 
6 ' 4 
6% 
E id d U n I 4o 
I 
2 
34’ 8 
3 3H 
34% - % 
E 'e ld e rs ! la 
6 
66 
2o% 
I9 H 
7o% ♦ 
' , 
E , I fro! 
6 19o 
13% 
12% 
13 
- % 
E .nS anB 48 
4 
19 
IT ’ / 
17% 
1 7 % * 
% 
E in lE e d 
5o 
5 152 
18% 
17% 
1 8 % * 
% 
I .re s in I lo 
13 791 
T IU 
? l'8 
7 1 % * 
% 
E stC h a r 8o! 
6 286 
14% 
13’ . 
14 
- % 
I st Chic 
96 
8 
94 
2o% 
2o% 
2o' ; 
E 'B n T e * t 
9 
I 
3 ? '. 
3 ? '. 
3 7H * 
' / 
E st In Bn I TO to 
o 
38 / 
38% 
M U - % 
E SIM ivs 
36 13 8 .o 
16H 
1 6 '. 
1 6 '* * 
% 
E st NBO I 88 
8 
88 
77' ? 
V U 
7 7 % * 
% f 'N S 'B n 
? 
9 
7 
76 
25% 
25% - % 
E st Pa 
I 3? to l i t 
16’ s 
U U 
16’ * ♦ 
% 
E tP a M tq 
29 
2 
I U 
I U 
E st U nR I 
I 
14 
4 
U H 
12 
12% f s tV a B k 45 IO l l 
6s* 
6' / 
6’ ?— 1 * 
E W ise p I 76 
8 
4 
22% 
22% 
2 2 *. 
EiSChM I 2o 
9 
7 
29 
79 
29 
E is h F d s 
6o 
6 
It 
U H 
12 
U U * 
U 
E I'Vir Sc* 
28 
6 
53 
U H 
I?' / 
I J H 
% 
( le e !E m 
<o I? 
75? 
14% 
U H 
M 
% 
F le m in q 8o 
8 
9 
1 6'* 
16' / 
16’ / 
E ie . .V an TO I? 
63 
IT H 
I I H 
U H * 
% f tin tho! I 16 I? 
98 
1 9 '. 
19% 
1 9 '* * % 
I lin t pf i SO 
/ n o 
16 
16 
It, 
- -% 
E lm ! p l I I i 
7 
38 
38 
38 
I H E Cst 
19 
7 
3 3 '* 
33' / 
33' r — U 
E la G a s I TO 
8 
IO 
23H 
23 
23 
- % f la P w l I 56 IO 3o6 
74% 
24’ / 
? 4'1 
E ta P o w 7 TS 
9 
8? 
79% 
28 
79 % « 
% 
E USM 
I 2o 15 t 
7o% 
7o% 
2o% 
E lu o rC p 
I 
9 713 
14% 
33’ . 
33% - >, 
EdE a ir 
TO U 
55 
6 ’ * 
6 '* 
6 '* * 
% 
E ooteC B 
I 
8 
13 
15% 
IS H 
1 5 % * 
% e o rd M 3 TO 
6 518 
59 
58 
58 > .* 
U 
E o rM c k 
I 
7 
26 
16' ? 
16% 
IA U * 
% 
I M k 
I 8o 
32 
77 
26% 
26% * 
% 
E to , a r I ?! 
14 
U H 
14% 
IJ H 
E tH n w P l l l l 
93 
36% 
16 / 
IA H * 
U 
E o sW 'i 
I 3o 
I 
8 
38% 
3 8 '* 
3 8 H - *8 f OSWh w i 
2 
19 i* 
19% 
19 % * 
% 
E o* b o ro t 
IO 
63 
SS' 8 
44 % 
4 5 % * 
'o t rn k m M TI 
8 
17? 
24 
23% 
24 
* 
I , 
E re rp M I fO 
9 
9o 
78% 
27% 
2 8 % * 
% 
E r iq 'r n 
IO- TV ITI 
19% 
19' / 
19 % ♦ 
% 
E ru e tit 
I 8o 
I 
183 
7 9U 
7 9 '* 
79*4 - % e uqu a 
36 
I 
441 
1o% 
1o% 
I O ' . - % 

STRICTLY BUSINESS 
McFeatters 

G 

G A * CP 
AU IU 
GAF p l I Vt) 
GA TY 
I 8o 12 
G AT X p f? SO 
G C A C p OSe IV 
GE Busn 
37 
G a b i-ln d 
G am 5k I 4o 
5 
Crane H i 
I 16 
Craps irs 2o- 8 
G ardO e n TA IM 
G a rlm k I o4 
7 
G asSvc I TO 
9 
Ga tew y 
IS*' 
4 
C»t a r h r l 
28 12 
G em in c a p 
G ent in I 7oa 
G A ln v I ?7e 
On A m O lb 16 
G en Banc 
G nC abte 
G C in m a 
G e n D e vl 
Gen D rn 

I I H 
11*4 l l ' * 
18% 
X U 
41U 
8% 

8o 8 
7? 
9 
AM 8 
A 
7 

5' 
5 
74% 
35 U 
IO U 
W H 
15 
U H 
I U 
76 
18 
IS H 
1o% 
58% 
U U 
I I H 
2 4*. 
5’ / 
5 9 '/ 
SI 
31*4 n u n u 
19% 
37% 
19% 
79U 
71% 
72 
T i. 
IS H 
I U 
51'» 
6 ’ « 
2 9*. 
78' • 
/AOOO 99 % 
6 111 
27 

94 
U i i 
9 
6 
19 
35 
8 
I 
8 
25 
1o 
79 
25 
42 
747 
G enE I 
I oo 17 831 
CriiF ood I 64 
9 536 
G nG th I 34e IV 
79 
G enH osl 
6o 
9 
Gen In s t 
27* 15 153 
G n ln s tr p l J 
I 
G m M e d 
3o IO 
6 
C—n M 'M s 76 13 184 
G n M H 5 oo*' 
21414 
GMO! p l 
5 
5 
G e n P o rt 
188 36 
(.P U 
I 68 
8 156 
G e n R e tr 
I De 44 W 
GnS q n l I o4 U 
31 
G enS feH 
6 
18 
GT el E l 
2 9 5o8 
G T 'E I p i? 48 
IO 
G TE I p*E 16 
G T ire 
I 2ob 
G en e v o 
19 256 
G m s ia r I 4o 5 
I 
Genu P U 9o 15 
8o 
G aP ac 
3ob 151o74 
G ’lP .v p l? 5? 
14 
G aPw p i 2 75 
16 
G nP w p l? MO 
/46o 
G erbe r 
I JO 9 
56 
.e tty O I 7oe 14 
G a n tP C to 
8 
G iltr Em 
5 
G 'd d le w 4o l l 
G 'tld H 'll 8o 
7 
G ille tte I 5o IO JBI 
G m o sln c 
8 
3o 
G 'easW 79e IO 
I 
G lo b M a r 
68 
G tohi U n I 2o 
I M 
G tdW E n 
I? - 4 
ST 
G oldW p l 78 
72 
G onorh I 11 » 299 
G drch p f 7 85 
/SOO 
Good y r I IO 13 JIO 
G ot a m ia 4o 
6 
4 
G ould 
I I? 
9 237 
G ou ld p l I 35 
2 
G ra d 
I TO I 156 
Gt a m g e r 36 IS 1o1 
G ra n d U n 
I 
I 
I 
G ra m lv t 
9o 
5 
G ra y D ig no 
G tA iiP d c 
C»t I k O I 2oa 
G IN - lr I SO- 18 
G I NON k I IO 
I 
G 'W n f in <43 
7 
O f Wst U id 
2 
G 'W f p l I o8 
G rG o n t I OI 23 
G re y !. I oA>* 
9 
G re y n n d w ! 
G ro ite r 
G rg m tn 
8o 
5 
(A /u rd J n 
IO 
I 
G u llW s tn 
66 3 
G U W in d w* 
G n W p i 5 t i 
G itW p l 3 8? 
GU W p l 7 5o 
G H L lE lld AD 
8 
G nM M lq 
(Gul IOU 
I HO 
G u ltR -s 
I 
G ul IR p i 
TO 
G uHR fM I ® 
G u lfR p f I AU 
G llV U t I 17 
GMSU p (4 4o 
GU 5 u p is o a 
O ui ton 
OS- 

19 
65 
1)8 
M 
14 

73 
I 
I? 177 
6 
16 
13o 
IAI 
9 
37 
IA I 
14 
187 
5 
35 
I 
I 
3 591 
AMO 
2 I 
14 
I ISA ll 
'2677 
9 358 I 
3 
38 a iv? 
/IOO 
/ 4o 
9 
I? 

S U n u 
V U 
IS H 
28 
7 9*. 
87’ / 
7 TH 
198 9'. 
9>« 
9% 
IS / 
TAH 
B U 
IIH 
7 *. 
37% 
17% 
I? '. 
28% 
9o 
21’ / 
ITH 
79’ • 
TA 
79»# 
?* 'n 
71 
I I H 
I? U n u 
2 5 '. 
T IU 
T IU 
TTH 
77 
TOH 
19*. 
IS 
1*4 
IU 
Ii*# 
U H 
ISH 
I U 
7 7'* 
TOU i* 
17U 
T H 
JOU 
I l u 
76 
72*4 
23U 
UH 
SA1 / 
A?* . 
SH 

 l l 
79U 
A IU 
8 
S H 
S H 
24 H 
35 
IO '* 
IS H 
IS 
13*4 
7% 
75% 
IT H 
IS H 
1o% 
5 7H 
13 l l 
24% 
5% 
58 
5 oU 
31 % 
27U n u 
19 
37% 
1 9 '* 
78 
7 o '* 
T I’ / 
?'» 
IS H 
I U 
X U 
6 • 
39 
28 
W / 
76% 
4 H 
7 2*. 
J I H 
3 7 '. 
77H 
79’ / 
87’ / 
TI / 
194*. 
V U 
9 
9 
IS H 
7 5*. 
TW? l l' / 
I ' t 
37' / 
IT 
U U 
TSU 
VO 
J I ’ . 
17 
78% 
TV 
TAH 
2 7 '* 
Pl 
U H 
U U 
IO U 
75 H 
23 I 
274. 
77 
71*4 
TO*. 
19% 
M u 
1% 
1*4 ll 
HE. 
14*. 
I U 
TTH 
TOU 
35% 
U *4 
7 
?♦'. 
U U 
7A 
7 7 *. 
??' » 
U*4 
56 I 
Af / 
S U 

1 8*. 
JOH * 
41' 4— 
8 
S H * 
S U * 
2 4 '* E 
35 
- 
IOU* 
19'* * 
IS 
E 
U H - 
7 H * 
26 
W H ­ 
IS H 4 
IO** 
58’ . * n u n u * 
U U - 
5' / ♦ 
SM 
SOH * 
J I H 
2 7 H - 
I1U * 
19% . 
37*« 
19*4 » 
TSH 
T IU . 
I? 
* I 
I U u h 
TH 
SOU­ 
S' • 
29% 
28% * 
9 9 *. * 7 
7 Ak* - 
S H * 
2 7 *. * 
J 2 H * 
3 3 '4 * 
78 
* 
79 >. * 
87' / - I 
2 7 H - 
198 
• 3 
AU- 
VH 
9 U * 
1 5 *t 
PAU 
I 
I I ’ * 
T H 
32' / — 
U U 
17% 4 
21 % - 
9o 
JI'* 
12 
-r 
79 
4 
79 
79**4 
27?#- 

 fju 
U U l l ' a — 
TS*. 
2 3 H * 
78 
T V * i i ' * * 
TOU ♦ 
19% 
15 
4 
1% 
IU 
. 
I I ' * 
U H 
I4 % - 
IU 
??H - id u t 
15*4 
17' • - 
TU * 
7 9 '* . 
H U * 
TA 
1 1 
77*4 * 
7 3 '. t 
I J H ♦ 
SA / 
A7U 4 I 
S H 

J - / 
* « ie i« tt4 r» .i rnt I*rr 

‘Can I see your puppets som etim e, M r. Pottleby? I heard you’ve got some cute dolls on the string.” 

DW. 
P E Salta 
N 
R a tio (h tf» ) 
Cl# N#1 cm 

 l l ll 
2 AO 8 
TA >7 

•I IA 
I 
U U 
7'* 
U 
14 
- U 
IT *. 4 
U 
4>’ a - i * 
MU 
TU 

E O N I t 
!* 
E M IL * 
194 fin*,* I tot) f a q ie R I 36 f avoCp 75 f a k 'A ir 
FdVOvlr 9o 
I d V lttt I AO 

E Hi* 
I I f C hint 
48 l l f I k l d Si rn IT t dtsBn# 2 JO I 
E tP u y n 
I 1o 51 t. Mm a **t 

Vt 
18% 
M u 
IA?. » 
163 
I U 
T h 
I U r ive 
MU 
4j% 
44 
- 
I 
4o*4 
4o*4 
4o % - 
9 
<8 % 
W H 
18*4 4 
UT 
I ’ n 
2*4 
?U 
152 
TAU 
JA 
JA » * b 
17*4 
U H 
IJ H 4 
BV) 
>b n 
TS 
TAH 4 
I? 
A l 
41% 
42 
4 
M 
25 
U n 
74% r n 
24 % 
(*u 
U ‘ r - t i n m u 
98% 
24* 
S h 
ISH 
IJ H * 
I 
T 
, f ' , 
J ’ 4 

W M W 
M d tk W 
H a iti B 
H d litb rl 
H a m rlP I IO I 
H an 35- I 49e 
E ia n J ln I Mat 
M a n dlrnn TO IO 
H a n d y M a MO 
M attes 
I J# 
H anna 
I MO 
Mar Br ) 1 44 
M a ra -e s 
H a rt n a n 
'd r 
H a rn -rfif MO 
H a rra h 
3o<* 
H a rr Bk I 5o 
H a rris an |J 
M a rs to I Job 6 
M a r'S M . 
?? 
9 
Mar U H k Ad 17 
H a ltS * I 44a I? 
H a w " E l I BM M 
Ma yes A lp lo 5 
Ha le i In o5t 
I 
M e e k , 
I? 
I 
M el U M 3o1 
M e tlm B 
*■< 
A 
H e m /M I Ok IO 
M i ft* p l I TO 
Mel W e C 
A 
H e *le r In ! 9? 
9 
H - im e rP 4o U 
H e m e ap 
H e m im 
AA— 
H e rcu ttfS 
I IO 
H e rsh e y I U A 
MesVOt* 
M eV n pl I ao 
H en b im I i i 
9 
H ew I* PM 
A' JO 
M uhV u*i 
o5k I i 
M illen|>q BP 
9 
H ilfW H II <fi 9 
-Ii.b a rI 
9? l l 
HOHE Ie 
JI 
7 r il l de y 
Ai 
9 
M ild y A I TOI 
H o ily i 
2 4o 
3 
HO* I es N 
I 22 
H onda 
I5r l l 
M onyWI* I AO 9 
-tom. B b | I? 
H o rr /on 
H O M 'A tf 
J? 
H O w C p A 4o 
!4UV A tli 
4o 
{ H< iu d at i Aka 
H u u y M I At 
I HOU' k db Si j n o k iv iE I f t 
I riouE p l ! V i rjo u k p l 7 5o 
Hr *u s ln d I ?A 9 
I EtoosNO 
7o IP 
I H ow Soh" l l I 
I H u O ta d I JO IJ 
(A 
'Mal 
.STI 

 ft! AI 
A 

I 
JU 
3** 
I 1# 
J 
JI 
34% 
37 
♦ 
*4 
I 
JO' I 
JOH 
2 o ,* 
H 
SOI 
SAH 
54% 
AAH* 
32 n u 
21'. 
22 . * 
% 
24 
I?'. 
U h 
17% 
IT 
U H 
JIH 
71U 
*4 
15 
5 
AH 
AU 
67 
2J<, n u 
72 / . 
2SH 
% 
17 
PA’ • 
>4H 
U 
5o 
41% 
49% - , . 
TO 33 
37*. 
IJ H - 
' * 
23 
SH 
• , 
AU if 
31 % 
JI 
31% 
7o3 
>9’ / 
IAU 
19 % * 
I - ii 
14*4 
UU 
% ■ 
H 
I 
35 
35 
15 
2'S 
31*4 
31% 
31*4 - 
9 
74 H 
24% 
24 / 
14 
MU 
14* • 
UH - ' 4 
It 
TI I ii'n 
TAU 
U 
2 
17*4 
17% l l ', - 1 a ti? 
TAU 
24 • 
U U * 
% 
TI 
I?1 , 
UU 
Mu i , 
19 
W 
9*. 
AH — ' * 
43 
IU 
A 
I 
- 
TOI u , 
M 
14% * 
% 
SA 
IAU 
•A’ / 
14' / - 
78I ll*. ll 
UH 
31 
33*#* ll 
% 
4 
SU 
4*« 
5% 
I 
TO’ , 
JO1/ 
TOU » *, 
A 
48% 
4|' , 
AAH bf 
I 
J 
J 
2 
Ti 
AH t ‘ 4 
AH * 'n 
354 
73 * 
JJU 
23*4 - 
W 
JO’ / 
JO % 
JOH - 
'-I 
A 
9% 
I 
4 
4 
UU 
UH 
17**- ' • 
798 
24* > 
27*. 
1 7 *.- 
719 
72*. 
21*4 
71% 
U 
I' n 
I 
I 
U n n u n u 
’ • 
AA 21% 
TOU 
JOH 
TAT 
JIH 
71% 
JIH ♦ U 
IO 
6*4 
A*. 
A*. * * • 
314 
U h 
U h 
UH 
I • 

TD 
J?’ t 
? j 1 ? 72 . 
X n 
VAH n u 
>t 
432 
JJE# 
42'. 
Al 
- 
N 
I? n u 
JIH 
23U - s* 
934 
48 i 
47% 
4 # * . I 
A n u l f * 
JJU - 
4* 
73 
I n 
2 rn ii 
Mu 
IAU 
UH 
199 
JJU 
JJU 
JJU 
72 
9U 
1*1 
A' i 
U t/% 
1/', 
U U 
J 
I?1 # 
MU 
17 I a1 
A'* 
OU 
AU­ 
I • 
WI 
JO 4 w 
TO » wa 
44*. 
44' f 
44% 
A 
W 
IAU 
)A 
* 
* * 
WI 
JJM n% n u 
2o4 
JJM l l 
UU 
Af 
AM 
IO 
A*. 
IO 

■ 
WH 
14 4 
IAE* ♦ l# 
W H ti', 
'•%> 
I 
J*. lin t 
* I 
WI 
W U mu b f'n ll 
* 
IIH 
H U 
'a 
‘ .'H t i 
M U 
U U 
M U I i i 
IIF 
MU 
M U . 
% 
34 
UH 
UU t i * . 

 lC ln d s I JO 
I 1o5 
23% 
2 3H 
2 3 * .* 
' 4 
IC 'o d p f 3 SO 
28 
J I H 
43% 
43% * 
I j lC N P h d 
IO 17? 
S U 
5 '. 
5 % - 
J* 
I N A Cp I IO l l 267 
43' • 
47% 
43 
* 
IN A ln I 59a l l 
19% 
19% 
19% 4 
'n 
IU In tl 
BO IO 138 
17' / 
U M 
U H 
I (J In I A 
5 
34’ / 
34’ / 
34' I — ’ / tu r n ! p it j s l l 
19% 
19’ 4 
19% 4 
, j 
Id a h o P 7 16 9 
28 
78’ / 
78% 
28% - 
% 
Id e a 'B a I TD 
9 
45 
21' / 
21% 
71 ; * 
' , id ea Toy 
32b 
5 
13 
7% 
7*4 
I U * 
% 
111 Pow r 7 TO l l 156 
26% 
25 U 
16' * * 
, j ll P ew Pf 2 13 
/ICO 
27 
77 
27 
* I 
11 P ow p l I l l 
/H O 
I V ? 
I V 7 
I V / 
IT W 
56 14 
39 
74% 
I i ' H 
24% ! 
J* 
Im p lC p A I i 
5 136 
IS H 
15*4 
IS H * 
' 8 
IN C O I 
12 655 
3 1 '. 
31% 
31’ / - 
I „ 
In c C C 'i 88" 
I 
9% 
9% 
9% 
Inc) M o i? 16 
/WOO 8 8 '* 
88% 
88% * 
I , 
In d iM p l I? 
/ITO 
173 
127 
173 
• I 
Ind p i P l I 9o IO 
79 
24' , 
24'» 
74 % - 
In d 'N a t I TO 
I 
IO 
U H 
I S '. 
16*4 lne»coO 
241o47 
JOH 
19% 
2o% * IV, 
In q e rR 
7 8o M 
84 
72% 
T I '. l l t 
> ; 
IngR pf 2 35 
13 
* 
47 
48 
» 
I, 
InindC O n 
I 
8 
9 
28% 
78 
28% 
InindSM 2 (o 
9 T i l 
48 % 
48% 
4 8 % - 
'« 
Inm cm t 
8o 
8 341 
2o% 
1 9 '. 
2 o *. - 
' r 
In s ilc o 
88 
7 
SO 
14' / 
M U 
14% - 
'« 
In rp C o p 
66 V 13 
76% 
26' / 
26% 
, j h ilt In v T r 
I 
I ' / 
I U 
I ' / * 
*» m tp qo n 
36 
I 
3o 
1o% 
IO U 
IO U 
In lu r co 
I 66 
8 
I? 
JO’ i 
JOH 
4o % • 
H 
In te ria k 2 2o 
5 
25 
34’ / 
34 
34 
- t F 
IB M 
IO 
I? 956 278 / 276% 
278% ♦ 1*4 
In tE la v f 
44 IV 39) 
2o U 
19H 
TO 
* l ( 
In tH a rv I 85 
6 286 
12% 
37% 
3 7 '. * 
% 
In iM m C 7 AD 
6 41o 
43 
4 7 '. 
4 7 % - 
In tM n g 
3oe 
8 
66 
17*4 
17’ / 
17% + 
I j 
In tM u lti 
85 
7 
I 
18 / 
18' , 
1 8 , • 
' 8 
Int P aper 
7 IO 6o/ 
5o / 
5 6 '* 
57 * . t I U 
I n 'R i-c til 2o 
J 
6 
6 
6 
In t T T 
I 16 
9 VV 
33% 
32% 
J J U * 
H 
In tT T p tE 4 
I 
93' / 
93' / 
93' / 
In t T T p f H4 
I 
6o 
6o 
6o 
- 
, j 
In tT T p f J 4 
I 
57% 
57% 
57% in t T T p f K ) 
34 
56 
55% 
56 
* 
H 
In t T I p f 7 25 
36 
39 ’ * 
3 9 '. 
39*. • 
* , 
In tT T pf I SO i 
6o% 
6o' / 
(O' , tn trp c e I 65 
? 
76 
79U 
2 9 '* 
29% . 
' 4 
In tr pee p! 5 
I 
77 % 
77*4 
77*4 4 
, 4 
In trp G p I 6o 
I 
5 
37H 
3 1 '. 
32' * * 
,4 
In trs P w I 45 
9 
4o 
17% 
I? 
U H E 
I 4 
I n t r s 'im l l 71 
55 
6 
5 * . 
6 
‘ 
, ) lo w " B t 
4 166 
2 3U 
73' / 
7 3 * 4 - t,* iow a E t 
I JO 
9 l l 
I? 
1 6 '* 
17 
. 
I j 
'O w a llG I 8 i 
9 
15 
21 % 
21% 
21 % low 111 p l? 31 
/1ooo 76% 
26% 
26*4 
% lo w -,P L 2 IO 
8 
75 
7 5 *. 
75% 
25% lO w aP S I 8o IO 
25 
21>. 
7 IH 
P IU ­ 
* I ip c o H s p o5! 
9 
J 
5% 
SH 
S' * 
I le k CP 
23 
29 
16% 
IS H 
16' 4 * 
' S 
It lh Co 
3o 
6 157 
IA H 
I 
14% 
M U * 
% 

 la m es E 
OO IO 
8 
I 
16% 
16’ * 
16' n — ' * 
I a n t/e n 
8o 
6 
77 
I? 
16*. 
16*4 
Jap an f 
<8)e 
75 
8% 
S U 
8*4 li'ftP ilO t 8o l l l l 
1o% 
3o% 
3o U - 
% 
J e w e ll 
I 3o 
8 
53 
25% 
25% 
2 5 *. 
I le w etc o r 
8 
IV 
J U 
3*4 
3 H * 
' » 
JhnM an I AO 17 355 
31 
3o% 
JOH * lo h n s J n la 
19 795 
6o' , 
6?' / 
6o 
4 
'n 
JohnsEE 
» ) 111 17 
I I H 
1o*4 n u t 
'n iohnC n I JO 
9 
45 
15% 
34% 
35% 4 
1/4 
Jh n C on I p f? 
2 
67' / 
61' / 
67’ / lo n L o o n 5o 
5 175 
IA H 
13' / 
M » * * 
Ak 
•o rq en 
I 
6 
9 
2o% 
7o% 
7o% lost ens 
8o 
IO 
8 
2o% 
2o 
TO 
- 
'n 
Joy M fg I 3o U 168 
44% 
43% 
44% 
Jg sbce M 
5 
1*4 
1% 
1% 

* I M A .r 
8 
7 
* a iv r A l I TO 16 788 
K a .A l p f4 I? 
I 
• a. 59pf 4 I i 
7 
K a is C em 5o 
9 
AO k -a iC e p t i 5o 
< a ii. M il 
28 
8 
5 
33 k: anet.' 
I t i 
45 
< C t,P L I 46 
8 
38 
KC boa In lr 
I 
M 
* a n c ,E l I ?6 8 
37 
« a n N b 
I 4H 
8 
56 
C a n P lt I TO 
8 
77 
* a ly m d 
JI 
K a ty p it 46 
1o 
< agt B r One 
M 
134 k a w e c k t 
IT 
8 
< e w e 
3o 8 
33 t lr ile r 
8 
4 
.(•H o g g I IO 14 ITV 
< e ilw d 
MO 
5 l l 
M tm n m il va IO 
62 k e n n e l 
6oe 1o2338 
» r u m 
I 84 
8 
37 
■terrO 'S 
4o 
5 
3 4 h e rr M f I 25 14 254 k e y s lC o n la k 'OdeW I 2o k td d t p lC J 
« anne! p 7o k in g D S i 6o 
M i r v It 
9o k m g iR d 
77 
* oef r.n SO- 
•co w p f 2 I i 
Moppers VO k o r d ir p k r a ft 
73? k re -q t 5 
32 I? 96? k ro e iile r 
13 
36 k fo g e r 
I 44 
? 
HH k ysor 
6o U 
53 

16 
47 
3 
146 l l 
16 
65 ll?I 
136U 
44o 

-A k CP 
, T V C p 
.T U A 
351 
.T V C p p l 5 
.a iG a s I to 
8 a m Sets I IO 8 
. doe B ry MO 
7 
.a w 'rC h 4o 16 
.e a r 5ieg SO 
I e # r5 DIT 25 
.r - U s N N ib 17 
. eesona 
I i 6 
.» 4 iP C t 
I 
9 
.e b V a b y 
„ C ftm n I 25e 
. 4-nnar 
. m o i 
I 
9 
I 4*sE ay JOU 5 
. evEdC 
I e v l In 
75a le v tS tr a 
8o 
I t v ti l f 

2o 
6 
5 7o1 

3 
8 
IS ll 
MS 
4 l l 
48 
42 
35 
1)9 
7 
121 
79 
IA 
IS 

L O I 
I Mo.< t, 'b r l /C P 57 
L ib r iy t n 
L 'b r * y in */♦ 
I 'u g iG u 7 Y3 
I i i / E ll I 4? 
I mc Na* I AD 
I ■on el 
I tl* o n ln 
I a lp * 
I , !*Ot u khd l o t Ilif f to e w s 

IS >64 
7 
VI 
A 
4 
1o9I 
• IO 
IS TM 7 
« 
A l 
I i i 
181 IT STI r? 

/ JOO 

I 
IA U 
24 
A 
IO '- a E m SU y lo m M 
Tie IS 
I ort 5! a r I IO 9 i n g l s l l I 5A 
. IL p lE 4 35 
L i t P IN l l 
- l l p ip ? 43 
I l l PIO? 47 iv to n g D r 
48 l l *8 
L o ra lC p 
4o 
I i i 
. a la n d I TU l l IMO 
I a P a t ii T liirlO 1o9 
Io u * .O s I 9" 
9 ?3 u w w s l 
<£ i l l 
Ubri/O * I K) 13 
79 

39 
3 8 '* 
39 
. 
' 4 
IS 
13% 
34% 4 1% 
6o 
6o 
6o 
4 7 
TO 
7o 
7o 
* 1% l l 
IO U l l 
* 
* * 
JI 
31 
31 
IO 
9% 
IO 
* 
’ * 
JA % 
34 
34 t# 
29% 
I V '* 
79% 
32' / 
31V. 
37' / * 
H l l 
71*4 
72 
4 
*» 
73' , 
23% 
73% 
»t 
2o / 
2o% 
2o' / 4 
I 4 
I ' i 
/ ’ * 
I ' 4 ‘ 
I 4 
2o% 
2o% 
I O '* * 
’ • 
7% 
I ' t 
I ' > 
191* 
19% 
19‘ » * 
’ a 
IO '. 
1o% 
IO U ♦ 
’ * 
9 % 
B H 
B U ­ 
1. 
24% 
74 » 
TA' 4 
H H 
M U 
U U * 
' * 
25% 
25 
25 U * 
H 
TBH 
V t 
7 7 '. 4 
22% 
W H 
2 2 *. 
13% 
U U 
13 %— 
, 4 
TO'* 
69% 
T O H * 
' 4 
IB1 / 
IS H 
I* 4 - 
I 4 
V U 
77% 
27 ’ n * 
*» 
48% 
4 7H 
A TH — n u 
4 2U 
43 . ♦ 
H 
U M 
U U 
U H 
M % 
14V* 
14*4 4 
% 
34% 
33V. 
34 % • 
*4 
IS H 
IS H 
IS * * * 
H 
34 
34 
34 
• 
' 4 
73% n u 
23 • ♦ 
*4 
7% 
V * 
7% . 
' . 
44% 
43% 
44 4 
* | 
IS • 
3 4 '. 
IS H * 
U U 
M U 
M U 4 
M 
16 
7AU 
76% 
M< , 
17 
17 
4 

I , 

S H 
A U 
A H l l 
IO U to % 
IS H 
IS H 
IS ** 4 i f 
SI i i 
51 
4 
' I 
J U * 
JI* , 
J I * . 4 
* 4 
2o% 
TOH 
2o' * 
' 4 r n . 
U / la* / 
1o% 
1o% 
1o% 
1$ 
IA H 
IA H 
3 8*. 
38% 
IBM 
25% 
7$ 
25 
« w u 
19*4 
2o% 
I * 
IA 
•S H 
16 
I '» 
I U l u 
­ 
I I H l l l l ' * 4 
A 
6 
A 
23' / 
72*4 n u • 
A H 
A' / 
Av* 
IJ H 
I I H 
U H * 
11*4 l l * * 
13*4 4 
, . 
27H 
J J U ll •• * 
A U 
4 % 
4 M — < * 
IT H l l ' * 
U h 
19 
U U 
19 
I U 
J U 
I U 
7 * . 
7*4 
7*4 
33*4 
J J U 
M U 4 
* 4 
J J U 
APH 
A IU ♦ 
I , 
J J U 
IA U 
34% 
J U 
7 H 
J U 
M U 
IJ H 
14 
4 
I | 
19' / 
19' t 
19 ,♦ 
! 4 
21% ll 
21% 4 
IO 
V U 
B U - 
H 
I T * 
IS H l l * . 
13% l l 
J J U 
* I v « v 
V i ­ 
H 
IA H 
IS H le 
W H 
71*4 
J J U • 

/TVC 129 
77 • 
V t 
78 
IS H 

IS' 4 
TA . 
U U 
32 

IS* so 
129 i f 
SO' 
129 

L UC k y 5 
68b lid IBR 16 
, u d o 4 
4o 
9 
I u ken S I I AD 
7 
. , k e s 
IO l l 
I y id s p l? 5o b ynC Sys lo IT 

 ll 
29 
195 
77 
% 

?% 
J IH ll*. 
3o*. 
I ’ n 

 l l i v * . 
1 l f ' * 
V U * 
'n 
V U t i 
- 'n 
IS H 
I S H - 'n 
TH­ 
? 8 * .4 
% 
U M 
IS* a * 'n 
TA 4 
TAU 
I?' / 
U H 
H 
M U 
37' , 
15*4 
IS H 4 t# 
I U 
7% 
31% 
31 t - 'n l l ' . 
11*8 
IO *. 
JO U 4 u 
I U 
I U 

Dfv. 
P E f a in 
M 
Ratio (h a t) 
Mc l. r w H 
8o l l 779 
17’ . 
M G H p l l 
2o 
17 
M i In ty r 
128/2oo 
M f k en 
9o 6 
36 
Mc le a n 
46 8 
Mc lo u t I TO 
8 
M ’ N ed 
8o 
M e a dC p 
9? 
M ea p lA 2 8o 
M w p l B T 8o 
M -d u s a I AO 
M e lv ille 
VA IO 138 
M .n a s c 
8o 
8 
94 
M e r. S ir 
8o « 
3 
V e rt k 
I 5o I? 544 
M e r r I yr, 8o 
7 334 
M e s .tP ” ) 
*o IT 244 
M esP pl I AO 
M e sa bi I 33e 
V e s ta i ■Oe 
M G M lr 
M e tro m I IO 
M IE plE 8 17 
V t hG s I 7ob 
M h W i p l? 67 
M lt W> p i ? 17 
M il ro w V 
IO l l 
M id CII 
I 16 
9 
M dSU * I 38 
9 
M 'tlln d M 
M ’d lR o I NI 
7 
M u e s lb I IS 
8 
M ill B ra d 6o 
7 
M m n G s I ?7 

14 
8 
I? 
7 
2 
7 
42 
6 
9 
/IOO 
8 <9 
3 
J 
34 
33 
311 
SS 
67 
29 
U 
3 
M m M M I 7o I? 594 
TI 
6 
8 
6 291 
8 
7 
8 
76 
I 
71246 
79 
7 
97 
IV 131 
4 
5 
9 147 
I 
5 
I 
6 
73 

M m n P t I 76 
V 'S s n E q 48 
M P u c C I 6o 
V o P tC e I IO 
M oP S v lb m o p s p i? i4 
M o b il 
3 8o 
M obtleM 
M olt ase o VO 
M n h k D U 
MOEHR 
I TO 
Mo! ye p I 2o 
M o ly p l 2 5o 
V o n rh I 2oa 
Mon Our 
28 
M o o r E g 
A l b 187 
M on san ? 8o 
8 h/8 
V m D U 2 IO 
8 
% 
M o t1P w I 8D IO 771 
V o n !S I I 8oa 
IS 
M O N Y 
Vee 13 i i 
M o o rn M 
I 
5 
77 
M o rq an 
7 IO 737 
M ot K nu I IO 5 
84 
M o rs *'Sh SU 
4 
?8 
M ig T i A m 
5 
M o rN o r 
88 
38 
M o lp ro ld 84 16 269 
M il u h 
2 l l 
»3 
M tS ITt*! I 88 9 
M i S IT el r l 
M u n fo rd 
JO 
5 
M o u ld p l 4o 
M u n sng I o8 17 
M u rp h C I 2o 
7 
M itrp O ’l 
HO 
M u rry O I /o 
M tillO tn I 37 
M y e r s l 
JO 31 

JO 

24 
7 
7 
8 
7 165 
8 
7 
47 
16 

78' ? 
T V '. 
16' J 
23 'n 
17U 
U U 
7 o '. 
51 
5? 
TBH 
24 U 
23 l l ' / 
57% 
7o 'ti 
3 4 '* 
36 
HP* 
TSU 
<8 a 
29 
87’ / 
15U 
29 
2.5’ * 
23% 
I? 
16% 
I 
29% 
24 U 
U H 
7 2 '* 
SIU 
7 IU 
16% 
44 U 
78 % 
16’ * 
26 
6 7U 
3% 
15 
6 ’ 4 
77U 
47% 
56 
2 5U 
O ' / 
U U 
77' * 
38’ . 
2 4 '. 
72% 
IOU 
U % 
57' / 
7 6 *. 
IC% 
3 '. 
TO’ i 
>7' 4 
11*4 
24 1 

U U 
28’ 7 
TY’ / 
16’ . 
23’ a 
I? 
I? 
IQS* 
SI bl 
79 
2f % 
22% 
41 , 
56' . 
19' . 
34 * 
35' 7 
W H 
25' « 
18 
78 U 
8? / 
ISH 
2V 
2SU 
23 
1 6 '. 
16 I 

79’ / 
24% 
17 
7 2H 
5 o '. 
21 » 
1 6 '. 
44 
28% 
16 
26 
67' . 
3 U 
14% 
6 
77H 
46% 
56 
25% 
14' 4 
IIH 
76' / 
38' / 
74% 
72% 
IO *. 
43 
51U 
25% 
IOU 
3 *. 
TOU 
45' / 
41 
24' I 

Clo Not 
Chg 
U U - ' 
7 8 '/ - ' 

6 5 32 5 37 
8 U 
S H 

NC W 
NL md 
NL T 
N V E 

7 
TI 
16 
144 
I 
4 

HO IO SIV 
I TO IO 4o4 
76 
I 136 
■ 
7 'SI 
I i t 
N a b ts ro I i i IO 
58 
N rt'co C !' 96 IS 
29 
N a rc o S o NI 8 
7 
N rtshuaC 68 IO 177 
N a !A a l 
5o TO 127 
N A / , a 
77o 
16 
N .tlC rn 
57 
6 
39 
NC an p l I 5o 
I 
N tC E em 
>8 11 l l * 
N tC ity l 
45- 
7 
16 
N a 'D e b I 57 6 
4 
N tlD 'S I I All 
7 196 
N a if Cr 7 lf 
6 
26 
N 'E C p l 2 IO 
N t lG / p I o5 IO 
N a ’H o m 
N a ile d 
» 
4 
*41m d p i AO 
N I le d p l I 25 
N M d C ' 
OVe 1J 115 
N M -flF 
4o 
6 
JO 
N M m eS v 5o I? 
41 
N a iP rs 'o 
2 
I IS? 
N 'S e -m i 
171268 
N S v c lo d 82 
8 
19 
N S la n d I o4 
8 
I 
N S ia rc h I o8 U H8 
N rtliS H 
I X 9 SJO 
N a t le a 
N o t O m a I -ii 
N - p ’ une n rf 
N e v P w 
I OC 
N e v P p l I ti 
N e y P p l? A) 
N E n g f l I 86 
N E n G f I 16 
8 
NE n P id I 76 
N E n q T 
7 to IO 
N Y S E G 7 *o 
8 
N e w h a ll 
56 11 
N ew " i i 
I to IS 
N w m l o14 5o 
N ia M P 
I i i 
N ia T /p l J AO 
EJ ,iM p t I 85 
N 'd M p l 5 25 
N a M p f A IO 
N a M p ! II t i 
N ta M p l t Ti 
N ’d qS h r 
9?e 
N ’COf 
7 17 
N o rliW n I /6 
N o r! n 
I /5 
N o rris 
I 
6 
N o A C od ' 9o IO 
N o A M ta 
N o A P i’l I 5o 
? 
N u t A ir 
I? 
6 
N O C -A r w l 
N o es' Ut I Cfi 
N lfid R S I l l 
N o r NGS 7 Ok 
N o N I i pl 5 IO 
NO N*) p f6 « 
NONG p i6 wi 
NoS'Pw I 91 
GSP a p l i Ab 
HSP a p l I IO 
N SP a p l J l l 
NSR A p H 8o 
N S P a p l t 
N o r Tel 
Al l l 
N o rih q a H 
V4 

6' . 
16% 
IV 4 
78 
71% 
16*. 
IO '* 

\ 
>5% 
23'* 
T IU 
I U i i ' > 
3 ? '. 
17’ . 
19 
U H 
14 ’ • 
U U 
TS 
U' / 
9% 
76 . 
TAH 
26% 
26'* 
16 / 
4 % 
A U 
I I H 
14' 4 
75 V, 
U 
T IU 
54 >« 
W U 
15 
18U ta u 
4 ? u 

6' . 
IA H 
IV 
7 7 '. 
71H 
16 
IO U 

5 IJS 
IO 
IO 
5 
TO 
/IOO 
/62o 
9 
58 

4 % 
RH 
14% i i 
19' / 
74 'n 
77'. 
IA H 
O ’ / 
JA 
28' / 
U 
77*4 
84 4 
14% 
JV H 
54 

I 
31 f i 
‘,9 
62 I 
9 IJT 
/TIO 
/3o 
/ 4ooo Vt 
/IO 
67 
/TO 116 
/46D 
HS’ 
IO 
8 
SS 
I 154 
5 
6 
6 
14 
14 i t 
9 
4o 
73 
74o 

 ll'* 
78% 
W U 
IA U 
4 ? '* 
51% 
4 ll'. 

8 
7 477 
181 
7 637 
46 
/Vt) 
93 
/7Ooo HA 
/AUO 
86’ 
9 166 
2k lit) 
*>> n m so* i i o 
SI 
I to 1o5' 
/SUO 
86 
JS f t ) as 
5 ‘ 
N o rlh fp 
2 
8 
59 
N a m A r i 45 IO 111 
N a 'B m I VV IO 
JO 
N A I F ' a 
2 
7 
N w t ln r c t 2 
7 
NW I Iud 7 25 
? 
N w s 'ln d w i 
N w t In p l 4 2o 
N w tP p l? 5o 
N w V lle 
• l l 
7i 
N o n Mi IMO 
7 113 
N oes rn B m 9 IVO 
N o r Is p l I AO 
6 
N u t or i i b i i 

11 
3 
139 
43 
5 ll? 
I 
TH ll 
3a ' 
8' 
41 

UKC 
IU 
6 
SO i i 
G a k ln d p l l TS 
Oak t l- P 
I ucf'dPet 
I 
G c f'd P td wi 
J l l ' P p l? 16 
OI i P **• I AO 
JC* P p l 
* 
O' f > P p l 2 5o 
D q d w 
I To 
Gqon p l I HI iteogb I ?o 
'M E it id I 4o 

55 
W 
V ll 
91715 
KH 
I 

IO 
39 
6 119II 
9 4o9 

( ) 
I / * ii 
79 

75 
U * 
A 
HO lf 

IA H 
73 
23 
7' / 
46% 
IPU 
I ? '. 
18*. l l % 
14 / 
13*4 
TS 
16*4 
B U 
2 6 * 
24’ / 
26 U 
26U 
16' * 
4 '» 
6 H 
I I H 
M U 
24% 
12*4 
2o% 
SI*. 
H i 
15 
I B H 
4 7 ', 
47 . 
4' / 
3?». 
M U 
27% 
19 , 
24 
TV j 
16' • 
3o' / 
3 5*. 
78 • 
16% 
77'» 
84% 
14' , 
39 
SA 
59% bt 
U 6 ‘ i 
84% 
) 11% 
77% 

18*4 i i 
51 
I U 
J J U 
J*. 
I U 
IO U 
UU 
A IU 
9J 
18 
86' / 
28 
45% 
5o 
51 
1o5% 
86' 4 
TV*. 
5' / 
46' « 
?4% 
SOH 
M U 
3 5 '. 
SIU 
27' > 
US 
V U n u 
HH 
IIH 
AC*. 
25** 

TV*. * 
16’ s 
23' a * 
17 
1 7 '. * 
POH e 
51 
57 
29 
E 
24’ . 
22% 
A l' / 
57% * 
TO 
* 
34' ? - 
35% 
1o% 
25% 
»8 
- 
79 
. 
8?' / e 
IS H * 
29 
25% 
2 3U - 
16% 
16% * 
I U 
79% , 
7 4 % - 
12% * 
? ? '. - 
51*8 E 
71% 
1 6 % - 
44' . * 
28% 
16 
- 
26 
67>* - 
3 ** e 
IJ H 
6 * 
72U 
47’ . 
56 
2 5*. 
M U . 
I U * - 
76*. E 
38% 
74’ / 
??>. 
1o% 
44’ , * 
5?' * * 
26 % * 
IO U - 
3*4 
7 oU 
47 
. 
41 r 
74% 4 
5 I i 
S U 
6’ « 
16*. 
IV 4 4 
V U 
T IU 
16 % 4 
IO U 

J5 U 4 
23*8 * 
73 
7% - 
46% 
3? 'n 
12 1 4 
18% * 
11*84 
14' J - ll* 

IU 

S A N A 
N 
T O 
N 
I O 
E X P R E S S — 
F r i d a y M a r c h 4 
1 9 7 7 

O lv. 
P E S ale* 
H 
R e n o ( h d t) 

O' E d p i? 24 
D h E cJpl? 36 
O h 6 d p ts 2o 
Oh C d PMO 76 
D h P w p ts o4 
DPW p i BT to 
DPW p lA 14 
'P a p fD T 76 
O k la O E I 48 IO 772 
Ok M NC. 
2 
7 
D l'i'C p I 5<J 
7 
D 'm k rfl I lo 9 
Dm a rk 
I i 8 
D nnida ai 8 
D ra n R k I JA 8 
D r ana n 
TOP l l 
D o iM a r I IO 
7 
D u ne ! Co 8o 
D vo r Sh 
1ob 
Dw en Co 
I 13 
D w c n lll 7 I? 
8 
D H rd ln d 7ft A 

76o 
84 
84 
/TOO 
8 4'? 
(MU 
/m o o «4 
93 
/2ooo1 IS UA 
/ISO 
91 
HOO 
85 
/IOO 128 
I IO 
86 
18’ , 
■O’ / 
39 H 
3 5 ', 
15' j 
IV' * 
15 / 
7 % 
25% 
23 U 
76' / 

2o 
21 
25 
2o 
I i 
11 
9 
7 115 
18 

8 
17 
7 
85 
15 
18 
8 SW 
7 
78 
I 
14 
138 
64 
/?o 

17 
7 

38 
345 
54 
87 
2o2 
7 MI 8 465 
IOT ll 
21 
7 
5 
91 
5 

54 % 
S U 
14' , 
73% 
18' , 
3 5 '. 
77% 
73 
17% 
77', 
U U 
7% 
IS 
17 
4' 4 
4 H 
■55', 
UH 
'8% 
3 3 '. 
35 
15% 
12% 
TOU 
73% 
S U 
42' / 
27% 
52' / 
5 3 '. 
/IOO 
V A '/ 
/TOO 137 
/BIO 
VI 
9 
48 
8 i i i 
6 
/IOO 
9 
IO 
34o 

75 
16*4 
9 ', 
76 * 
24% 
7 6 , 
26' / 
I6 U 
4% 
6H > 
HH 
M U • 
2 5 ', • 
17% 
71' • ■ 
5 3 *. * 
19 
IS 
IS H ■ 
48' 4 ’ 
42 , 
4% 
38% < 
IA U n u 
19' , 
2 4 *. 
27% 
16' , 
3 o '/ ’ 
36 
2 8 ',< 
16% 
V ' , 
84U 
M U 
39 
54 
59** bl 
H i 1 / 
IS ' , 

I U ll 
U U * 
46 
• 
93 
88 
86 v • 
TH ■ « 
45 % - 
VO 
* 
SI 
1o5 '4 I 
46 4 4 
TV*. 
5% > i i , < i i 
< 
SIHI 
JSH • 
34' / 1 
57% - 
28* i * ll? 
■ 
27% ( l l t 
36 • 
W < < 
41 
25% ■ 

P N B 
JO 
F'PG 
2 *o 
PSA 
Pac AS I 14 
P ar G E 
I 
P a e lla I M 
Pac I m I JO 15 
Pac P et 
86 v 
P at P a 
I HO 9 
Pac TT I IO 
9 
P a c T T p l 
6 
P ac T in 
SO 17 
P a in - W H S - 
3 
P a lW p ll .1o 
P a lm Be 
5o 
5 
P a m Ida 
P an Am 
P anE p 
P a p rc lt not) 
P ara as lh 
9 
P a rk D r ion 9 
P a rH a n I 2o 9 
P a rk P en 48 
8 
P a trk P I 251 15 
P a v ’sm v JO 
8 
P eabody 
2o 17 126 
Pen O' * 2 lh 
6 
P enney I 28 l l 39o 
Pa P a L l I HO 8 2'3 
Pa PL p«4 JO 
/ 5o 
Pa P l P IJ V) t u n 
P aP L p f8 JO 
Pa PL p l 
13 
P a P l.p l 
8 
P ennw P I AO 
P e n n /o l I 4o 
P e n n /p f I l l 
P e n n / p l B 8 
P e o p D rq 2o 
P-OOGs I 4o 
P epsiC o I JO 14 431 
P erk E lm 
32 1A«91 
P e l Inc 
I 6o 
8 
5 
P ot Inc p l 
I 
J 
P e te r P l 8oa 
8 
7 
P e tro l an l l 
8 
75 
P e lrlm ? Ale 
21 
P l./o r 
96 12 87o 
P h n lp D 2 2o 1/ US 
P h ila E I I 61 
9 263 
Phi IE p f I JO 
P h ilE P IJ 4o 
P tiilE p l 
I 
P l',IE p l? 85 
P E "lf p !9 5o 
P h ilE p l? 8o 
Phi l f p t / 75 
/ 3oo 
86 
P h iU S u b 8o 
7 
JO 
1 6 '. 
P h * IM o r I .3o 17 3?5 
55' . 
P hi! m d OSO IO 
31 
I 
E *hillnd p l 
I U U 
P h il! Pet I RO l l 311 
57 ' . 
P h illV n H 6o 8 
IS 
IO U 
P ic k w " lk 32 11 1o9 
TO 
P m d N G I EJ 
7 
I 
16% 
P .er I 
OSe 
8 IOO 
TH 
P il's b ry I 16 13 HS 
38% 
P lo tte r 
I 44 
8 
28 
M U 
P itn o y B 
8o l l 752 
IT H 
P ’H F rq 8oo 
7 
I 
?1% 
P iits tn la 
9 315 
34% 
P tz /a H i 19c V 
93 
V U 
P 'a n R s i 
6 
'6 
3% 
P la y b o y 
I? M 47 4 
8 % 
P 'essev 
I l e 
7 is 
H H 
P n e u m a 
I 
5 11o 
18U 
P o la ro id 
5o 15 442 
36% 
P on g rosa 
IS 
54 
6% 
P op! Tai 
HO I? 
I 
19% 
P o rte r 
SO l l 135 i i 
P o rtG E I 7o 
9 
96 
2o 
P orG p i l l 5o 
/VO 115 
P o 'itc h 
S i l l 
J8 
3 6 '. 
E 'o fm E I I 78 
9 I V 
15' . 
P C E I p it 5o 
/IOOO S I' / 
P ol E l P IJ o4 
/IO 
P o lE I p ts 46 
/15o 
P re m ie r 
48 
8 
J p re m r p l 9o 
IO 

VI 
84 
ITB 
86 
18% 
39% i«>4 
35% 
IS 
18' / 
1 5 '. 
7 '. 
25% 
T IU 
26 •. 
63' , 
57U 
25' / 

53’ / 
8 
14 % 
73' , 
18' 4 
35 U 
2?% n u 
17% t v / 
13’ . 
I' 4 
14’ . 

1% 

33' / 
3 3 '* 
17 
94 % 
9 '. 
47' 4 
78% 

31' / 
16% 
12% 
76' > 
H U 
V U 
36*4 
IT % 
/ 167o 49 
I IO tv 
/IO 
83 
J325o RTH 
'o8 1o4 % 
/IOO 
H6H 

E’ re m r p 
P roc lr G 2 6o IS 3oo 
P ro tlR Sh 
P ro te r 
I 4o 
PSv Col 
I 46 
PSC OI p l ? IO 
PSvc In 
I 91 
P S ltid pf J 5o 
P S ln d p f I Of 
P S In d p f9 44 
P S vN H I 88 
8 
P S N H pf 2 ?5 
P S v N M I 56 
IO 78 
P S vE G I HO 
8 15o 
P S E C p l I AO 
6 
PSE O p t 7 IT 
9 
■ 
' pf? l l t i f'S E p f I? 25 
P S FG p* t 8) 
P S F G p l ' 57 
P S E C p l ' JO 
PSEC, PIV 62 
P ubic ke r 
P ue b lo 
P u g S R I 7 to IO 
P u llm n I I? u 
P u re * 
I OB 'o 
P u n ln E a 
J 
P u r o itr t I? 
9 

47% 
58% 
U U 
17 
8 3 '. ll 
29% 
1HU 
25 
171 * 

6 
136 a 
116 
/IOO 
M U 
/IOO 
13 
/JOO W U 
I 
61 
TOH 
TOO 
JVH 
27', 
27 
6 
IT 
V 
25' * l l 
77 
73o 126 
/IOO 
92% 
/JO 
86 
/MOO 86% 
/SO 1o6 
2 
5 
48 
28 
6o 
68 
6U 
7o 

Q 

3 '. 
32% 
33 
IV 
?H 
73% 

4' / 
44 ' * 
IS H 
18 
3 ? '* 
34% 
15' , 
12' / 
19% 
23 U 
SH ti 
IV* i V * 
5 3 '. 
96’ ? 
132 
VO1 / 
32’ * 
33% 
J? 
9 4 '. 
9 / 
V I 
76% 
18’ * 
31' / 
16% 
12% 
26% 
75% 
7 7 '. 
36% 
17% 
48% 
49 
83 
87% 
1o4' . 
86% 
85 
'6 % 
54% 
6% 
I? 
57% 
1o% 
19% 
16% 
7% 
38% 
33% 
V U 
71% 
3 3 '* 
22% 
3% 
7% 
11% 
17% 
35' / 
6 
19% 
73% 
19% 
I M ’ / 
36 
IS 
51' / 
47% 
58*. 
12% 
IT 
87' , 
IO U 
79’ J 
18 
74% 
26% 
44' i 
13 
1o9% 
W H 
79 % 
27% 
21% 
IA H 
25 
26% 
176 
9?’ . 
86 
85' , 
1o6s 
3 % 
3 ? '. 
37% 
1 8 '* 
7% 
73 

CIO N # t 
Chg. 

84 
- 
’ 
SAU * I 
93 
- I 
415 
- ■ 
VI 
» I 
84 
- 2 
128 
- 
’ i 
86 
- I ' 
UU 
JC'.- % 
WH* 't 
ISH 
J, 
IS 
- I, 
I S H - 
ISH - '. 
7 ' . - % 
25% 
2 7 '. 
26% 
63% 
5?’ . 
25' , 

54% * 
8% * 
M ' , 
73% 
1 3% * 
35% * 
77*. 
23 
* 
UH — 
77' , 
13% * 
7’ i 
1 4 '* - 
11H — 
4% - 

C iv . 
P E S at#* 
H 
R a tio I N H I 

S avA S fp 
23 
75 
3% 
S a v O n u r 2o 8 
3? 
6% 
S avE IP 65- 
6 
3o 
IO 
S avn E A I JA 
5 15 
S a v E ’ p l! TH 
6 U H 
Sav B M 
3o 1o 
JI 23H 
Sa»on 
IO '8 3 i 
S rh e rq P I 
I 
13 3oo 38% 
S c h b t/B r to 
9* 176 IS’ / 
S c h iu m b 8o I? 653 
58 
-■COA In 
8o 
5 
1 1 
IJ H scot L a d 
36 38 
TV 
6% 
Scot E e l I 2o 
V 
29 
26% 
Scott F or 8.1 
8 
68 
24 
S io 'tP a p 76 IO 289 i v . 
S cottys 
2o l l 
I? 
8 '. 
Si o v i ll I 2o 
8 19o 
22% 
"COVa pf 2 5o 
I 
53' , 
Sr u d d e r 
13 
J 
7 
S cudd p l 83e 
IO 
9% 
Sis*Coni 
25 8 l l 
V U 
S o n n e t 
7 6 13? 
35 
See OW A 771 
61 
S ea q ram 8o 9 
35 
S eaqrv 
16e 
? 
11 s e a rie G 
57 IO 216 
Sears I 8oa 
16 494 
S e a tra in 
13 
38 

I ' • 

1H 

O ua kO at 92 9 ICB 
D u akS tO 78 14 157 
D u a n e . I JO 
7 
J 
O ttesfor 
WM IO 
3 

 u r a 
I 2o I? tOb 
RC A p l 3 5o 
/IOO 
R I E 
28 
17 
JI 
R a ls P u r 
JO I? 7o? 
R e m a d e o3e 19 119 
R a n lo In 64 
8 
6o 
R e p 'd A m 
I? 
R a v b s t I 5ob 6 
29 
R a y m n d " 8o 
I 86 
W ayfhrt I IO IO 253 
R ead B a l 8o 
5 
P>-d- en 
!6 
39 
R e of e C p 74 IO 
IS 
R e evsB I >1 
6 
14 
Rn. h C ti t i 
8 jv 
R rd ',ib S t to 
6 
I 
R e ln lE I 
I IO IO 787 
R e 'E ! p f 
Wt- l f I p l I 6o l l 
Ut et lf»Op 
6 
IO 
R et C p p l 55k 
6 
R -'G p p f 65k 
?I 
R i Un p l? 68 l l 
R ep Ut, CO 
9 
4 
R . l’E .iiS 
I A 
19 
R ep St I 
I NI 
9 
H i 
R ep Te» I 2o 8 
J 
R .U v O 'f 
2o 1 6 7 4) 
R —v t oD S 74 15 
31 
R e v e re 
I i 111 
R evlon 
«o 15 564 
R e h e m 
« 
7 
5? 
R n .n rd LAA ■ 
R e WI p f I 16 
R e y n ln I 28 
Rey in p l? 25 
Rey M id I if' 
R i y V p l. SO 

3o 
J 
9 IM 

I h Co c h M n. 
■ d 

IO 65? 
69 
6 
Is 
I 
I i 
I 
I 
'o 
9 rn 
I lo t I I t 
IO ii 
X I 

 i t IO 
76 

6 
I 
IO 126 
8 l l 

% I R m - t 
H 
R if»G r#n 
I RioC.r p l 
W dr A ld 
R opshw I IO 
R o b rts n I 5o 
R o bins 
' I 
R oihC ) I *»b 
R n r h ll Dee 
Rex kuw r lh i 
R c c k w n i I JO 9 
W. In t p f I 15 
R qnm M I 28 
A »%■ rin d 
R o llin s 
36 I? 
Ron sm> 
R nper 
Rgr la A 
ROS"r 'O lOh 
R o w an 
I / 
R oy CCW 8o 
W oylO I 26f 
R u b b rm 
* t 
Ross Tug 
'6 
R y d irrS 
Ioe 

14? 
34 
94 
8 a 
IQI 
37 
7 
IO 
5 
I 
VI l l UT 
Of/ 
M v l 
6 
U 
9 l l 
6 949 

27% 
19% 
73% 
6*4 

28% 
44’ / 
1o% 
15 
I? * 
1 9 '. 
7 
33% 
2 1 . 
57% 
19% 
2% 
II M 
77' i 
18' , 
9% 
J IM 
65' / 
55 ■» 
19' / 
37 
7 6 '* 
V U 
I U 
11 
U U 
32% 
18 
2o% 
7o% 
IV’ I l l 
3 5 *. 
54 
66% 

1o% 
VO 
1o% 
1 4 '. i i % 
T IM 
TO 

IS ** 
14% 
•O H 

U< 4 
18' z 
15% 
12% i i ' . 
M) 

Pl 
3% 
73% 
W% 
28 • 
' * ' • 
>8 % 
SS 
73 / 
MJH 
IJ H 

21% iv , n u 
6% 

4 , 
. 
44% 
15% I ’ > 
1 8% * 
% 
3 1 % * it 
35 
* % 
IS H * 
U 
I? 1 , — ’ e 
1V’ . - % 
23’ , * 
% 
5% * % 
4 7 % * 
’ n i i ’ * i v , 
53% - 
U 
9 6 U - 
H 
137 
VO’ e - 1 / 
33** * 
'n 
331. - 
% 
42 
• 
% 
94 4 - % 
9 ' . . % 
47% . 1% 
??». * I* , 
W U * H 
31U — *. 
IA U - % 
U U * % 
26U 
2 5 *4 * 
U 
2 7 H - % 
3 6U - U 
U M - 
U 
IV 
* 7 
49 
- U 
83 
* I 
87 U * 
% 
1o4% 
U 
8 6 % * 
% 
85 
16’ / 
55% 
I 
17% * 
5 7 '* - % 
1o*4 
TO 
* 
' n 
1 6 *4 - % 
7 *. 
38% 
34 
- % 
17% 
2 1 % * 
% 
33% 
'» 
7 2 *4 * 'n 
J U 
8 * * * I U 
I I H 
- % 
1 ? % - U 
3 6 '. * ?. 
6 
- ' n 
19>* * 
% 
7 3 % - ’ / 
W H 
I M 1 / 
36 
* 
* . 
IS H * 
% 
S IH - % 
4?% *- 
’ n 
SHU 
12**— H 
IT 
8 7 '* * 
>* 
IO’ . - % 
T V *.* 
’ » 
IS H 
24*4 
7 7 H - *r 
44* / 
13 
♦ u 
1o9' 4 ♦ 
I 4 
7o' » 
T B H * 
% 
77’ / * if 
? t % - % 
U 
TS H — *« 
7? 
126 
- I 
9 ? '. . p i, 
86 
86% * 2* 
1o6 
- 1 
5 
3 '* 
3 2 H * ' 
33 
* 
’ 
18% * 
1 
2 H * 
’ 
7 3 *. * * 

TI 
W U 
27'* 

Sedco in c 
3o 
S e ta l t / I 2ob 
Sui Cp In t 2o 
J 
Ser v m l 
9o 
6 
Y ie p e ll 
IO 
6 
S h e a rH 72e 
3 
S he llO il 3 2o 
> 
Shell T I Ole 
6 
S h e ilrG I 
6oa J 
Shi I GI p l I 35 
S H 'G 1 DI 
3 s h e rw W 2 2o 21 ih rW p l4 4o 
S ie rrP ac 
I 
8 s ig n a l 
I IO 9 
Smnode I JO l l 
S iO 'P rpc 
18 
8 
S im m 
I I? 13 

7 
IS 
6 
I 
I 
13 
. 
IO 
. 
12 
I 
47 
’ 331 i 
6 
I 
45 

 l l 
/IO 
IT 
79 
18 
TV 
39 s im i'P o t SO 13 619 
738 
2 
48 si 

S inqer 
1oe m q r pf 3 5o ka gq s 
YI 9 k ylm p 
J? 19 
S n" th A O 8o 
I 
4 s m ith In t 57 IO 
16 
Sr” * th k in 
I IS 
81 v n ifh T r 
A1 
5 
I 
S n'o r ke r BO 
7 
7 m le B a s 
6o 8 l l 
Sonesla 
18 
IO 
>OhyCp o6e 2o1254 
Son I in 
3t> 6 
6 
S CarE G I 56 IO 148 
SO J 'T In I 56 
8 
6 
Souidw n 6o 
3 
Sdwn p f I 8o 
6 
IOCS' RE 4o11 9 17? 
SoestPS I 371 
8 
I 
>i'C al F I to 
6 714 
South Co f .16 1o1271 lO ln G E 7 M 
8 
6 
Sd N R es I 85 
I 19o 
SONE Tel 
3 9 
IP 
-n u P a c 2 7t 
8 764 
"OUR y 
7 37 1o 
3o 
SOUR y p> SO 
6 m im e o I 84 
8 11? 
S rm tlnd SOU l l 118 
SOuRoyl 
68 I? 
35 
126 
57 
I 
I i 
5 
43 
26 
I 
9 BH? 
8 
28 

S w 'B k s h 
8wst I or 
2o 
Sw'E I p ll 5o 
S w P bS v I IO 
S p rtn E d 
TH 
S pa rfo n 
4o 
S p e rry H 
I s o rry H p ! J 
S pe rry R 9? 
S p rm q M 9o 
Squat D I 2o 14 
I? 
SquifH) 
96 IT I?? 
S taley 
I 
6 l l 
511*1 a r I 92a 
IV 
Si B ra n d I 78 l l 
61 
SI B P a in t to 18 
2o 
S tdO 'IC ! 7 2o S B W 
S tO 'lln d I to 9 445 
S tO 'lO h I 36 23 118 
SOOh p l3 TS 
/IO 
SIO P re ss JO 18 
28 
S id P ru d 
66 l l 
S 'a n d e . 
8o 
StanW I l?a 
S ta n ra v 
8o 
Si a rre t! I I? 
StaM S e I o5 
S tautC h I -M 
S fe rc h i 
48 
S te rD ru q TOU 4o6 

M C p 
HO i 134 

 i / JO 
36 
I IO I 
I IT 

■R. g P 
>a'a nt 

*6d 

I JO 
VV! 

V U 
28’ * 4 H 
44 I 
4 4 '/ * 
% 
IO 
IO U - 
'n 
I 4 14 
IS 
- % 
3*4 
J U 4 '» 
18 '* 
IV 
~ *» 
6% 
? 
* % 
33 
3 J H 4 
2o% 
P l '. * 
' I 
56' / i i 
- 
U 
<8% 
M U 
?*» 
2*4 
I I H l l * , 
'n 
77 • 
77% 
'• 
18 
Io U - *> 
9 4 
9' 4 
3o% l l 
4 % 
o5 / 
BSH * 
' . 
*•5% 
SS’ . * 7% 
IV 
19% 
* 
JI 
3? 
* I 
26' 
26% 
% 
V U 
77*. 
I U 
J U - % 
16’ * 
I? 
4 
% 
3 4 . 
H H r 
% 
31% 
J I H 
% 
17 >■ l l 
* ' . 
TO , 
A I U * 
'n 
'TOH 
TOH - % 
)9 
IV r b 
IO’ . 
I O U - '» 
45 
3 5 *4 * 
*4 
53 i f 
* I 
66% 
o 6 % . 
>4 
?8 'n 
?8 , 
19% 
JOU * IU 
89 
9o r I 
IO U 
1o**4 U 
M ’ t 
H* ? 
I t 
PAU 
T i ' * 
72 % - 
1 9'* 
IV ’ * - % 
26 ’ 4 
V ' n * ', 
M U 
IS H * 
% 
M U 
M U 
% 
TOM 
2 o*. 
% n t 
??'» i i 
U H * 
'n la 'n l l 11 
14% 
IS H * 
% 
U ’ , 
U H * 
% 
U H 
U H * 
% 
PVH 
3o 
* 
% 
A IU 
4? 
6 ’ 4 
6% * 
1 
7o% 
TO '. - % 
I U 
J U 
% 
23' k 
23% * 
% iv * 
19 * 
27% 
28 
4 
% 
16% 
U H * 
*. 
M t i i * * 4 
% 
54' I 
SS 
4 ’ 
73% 
P h 4 
1o% 
IO U * % l l * * 
13 , 

J U 
J U 
19*4 
TO 
I I H l f 4 * 
% 
V U l l * 
5 'n 
S H - % 
4 l U 
47% 
% 

4o' 4 
JI 
, 1 
U / 
12% 
* 
4 1 . 
A l '. 
% 
IT' * 
U H * 
% 

* / 
6% * % 
16 * 
>6% 
14 * 
M 4 
8 '* io u 
3/ 4 
174#- 
% 
'O' * 
IO' • 
*9 -4 
5o% - % 
16 * 
16 4 * 
J U 

S te riP re o3e 6 
S te rn d 'ii 
JO IO 
Steven ) I 2o 
5 
S le w W a I 96 9 
Sink VC I 2o 14 
S’ o kV C pf I 
Stone W 7 SO 
StonCun 
6o 
S tO pjl'O P 
I 
Stor T e t 
671 
S to re -B 
I 
S trid R .te 97 
S tnW or I 68 
SI OW p f I 4o 
Suey >t>o 7o 
S o b P rG t o8 
S uC reV 
5o 
S u 'iC hm n 4o IO 

33 
5 bl 
IT 
12 
/IO 
6 
7 
3 
8 
6 
*o l i b 
J 
75 
X 
61 l l 

73% 
8 . l l % 
62% 
IO 
33% 
16% 
5' ? 
16 
1 7 '. 
I U 
7 5 '. 
34% 
1 3 '. 
71% 
4/ 
35% 
64’ / 
13 
I V * 
39% 
7% 
IV 
U H 
71 % 
44 % 
19% 
15% 
15% 
38 % 
74% 
U H 
IS H 
13 
3’ « v '. 
38 h 
19% 
18% 
15 
77% 
IO’ / 
8 % 
71 % 
16’ / 
18% 
54% 
IV' , 
33' a bl 
6 % 
34% 
23% 
(9% 
73 
8' , 
71’ » 
13% 
17' / 
IO1 / 
IT 
36' / 
38% 
14' , 
26% 
JV% 
19% 
73% 
28’ / 
36 
41 
53% 
84 
6o’ / 
7% 
7% 
16% 
79' / 
IV '* 
73’ / 
U H 
48% 
8% 
15% 
5% 
11% 
17% 
37% 
21% 
U H 
59' 4 
13’ > 
15% l l ' , 
74' / 
M 
47% 
46’ . 
A* , 
71% 
o ’ , 
73% 
44 *. 

3% 
6 % 
9 ’ . 
15 
13% 
73 
4*4 
38% 
15% 
57% 
13% 
6 % 
26’ . 
22% 
1o's 
8 ’ ? 
22 
53' / 
7 
9' . 
27 , 
34' i 
J 
73% 

11% 
6 1' . 
9% 
33% 
16% 
5% 
16 
17% 
7 '* 
7 4 '* 
34% 
13% 
P IM 
47 
35% 
64’ 
U U 
2 5 '. 
39' 8 
7 
18' 8 
13 
21’ , 
U ' 4 
1o' / 
IS 
IS' , 
37% 
73' / 
U U 
ISM 
U H 
3% 
9-8 
3 7U 
19 
18 
15 
I V * 
1o% 
8 % 
T IU 
16U 
3o% 
53’ 8 
39% 
3 2 '* 
56% 
6% 
34% 
2 3 1 n 
IB '. 
23 
8*8 
21% 
1 3*, 
17’ , 
B H 
16'8 
36 / 
37' / 
14% 
75% 
29 
1 9 '. 
7 3 *. 
78% 
35% 
4o’ 4 
57*. 
82' ? 
6o’ / 
7 '* 
I 
' 6 % 
78*. 
IV’ / 
2 3 *. 
12’ / 
47*4 
8 8 
15% 
5% l l 
17% 
37% 
21 
U U 
58 % 
13% 
15% 
11% i i 4 
13' / 
Al '4 
46 . 
4' / 
21 

* * 

Cle Net 
Chg. 

3% 
6 '. 
B U — ' t 
15 
1 3*4 * 
’ , 
2 3 '* - % 
4 H 
'• 
38% * 
*r 
1 5 % * se 
* 
1. 
13*8 
6 H * 
'•* 
26U 
I. 
74 
* I 
W U * 
'* 
B H E * i 
72% 
53' / 
I 
B U * 
>1 
V U * 
' 
J J U - 
I. 
3% * 
’ i 
73 U — *i 
8 8 n u bi 
- 
1 
V U 
33*. 
16' 
SH 
16 
U ' / 
T U n u 
34% 
13% 
71% 
4? 
35' a 
64' t~ 
13 
I V * ■ 
39' a 
7 
18% 
13% 
7 1 '. 
44 H 
19% 
15*4 
15% 
38% 
74’ * 
U H 
1 8 '* 
13 
3' * 
9 '* 
37’ . 
19 
18%- 
15 
27% 
IO U 

Pa 9 e 
-5-B 

Sui,Co 
2 
6 JOB 
SunCo pf 2 25 
16 46' 
S unbm 
I o8 
8 
23 J I' 
So od s ir I 2o 
8 
14 
33' 
S unsM g 1or 35 
91 l l ' 
Super V a l 66 11 f? 
73’ 
S uprO n I 8o 2o 
V 111 
S up m kG 3o 
Sup r sec ?5e 
S u ffo M tg 
S w ank la 
S ytjro n 
84 
S yi or 
S ystran 

26 
39 
41 
56 
5? 
23 
7 

73% 
4 4 -. 
*6 
21 
33% 
U H 
22% 
22o 
7 
18*8 
6 4 
16% 
W U 
11% 
5% 

71% 
16% 
38% 
54' / * 
3 9% * 
32% 
56'. 
6*4 
34% 
2 3 '. 
3 8 *. 
23 
* 
8 ' , * 
71% 
13' / 
I? ’ / * 
IO’ * - 
16*8 
36 / 
37% l l % 
25 H - 
79% 
19% 
7 3 % - 
28% * 
IS 3 * * 
JOH i 
57*. 
o3% E 
6o’ / 
7 * . E ' 
I 
I A U - * 
2 9 % * ' 
19% r < 
23’ / 
U ' / 
48 1 * * 
V 
8 * . 
1 5 U - ' 
5% - ' 
I I H - >' 
MU 
37% 
7 1 % * 
' 
U U * 
» 
58*. 
> 
U U * 
J 
15*. 
' 
I I H - ' 
TAU ♦ 
' 
1 3 *4 . 
• 
41% - ' 
46% 
I 
4 U + * 
7 IU * * 
8 » f * 
1 
23*8 

Stock Sym bols 

Soles fig u re s a r c u n o ffic ia l 
U n le s s o th e r w is e n o te d , r a t e s o f d iv id e n d , in the fo r e go ,nq ta b le o re a n n u a l 
'd is b u rs e m e n ts b use d on th e la s t q u q rfe rtv o r s e m ia n n u a l d e c la r a t o r - S p e c ia l o r e » fra d iv id e n d s or o u v m t "is not d e s ig n a t­ ed as re g u la r a re id e n tifie d in th e fo llo w in g foo tno tes a 
A lso e » tra o r - ■ tr a y b 
A n n u a l ra te 
D ia s s to r k d iv id e n d t — I ( O u td a tin g d iv id e n d e — D e c la re d o r p a id in or n e e d in g 
I? m o n th s 1 - D e c la re d or p a id o fte r sto ck d iv id e n d o r s p lit u p 
1- P a id Ib is y e a r , d iv id e n d o m itte d , d e le - r e d or no OC b o n to k e n a t la s t d iv id e n d m e e t in g k - D e c la r e d o r p a id th is y e a r a n a i 
C u m u la tiv e issue w ith d iv id e n d s in a r r e a r s n 
N e w is s u e r 
D e c la r e d o r p a id in p re c e d in g I? m o n th s p lu s stock d iv id e n d 
I - P a id in -lo c k in p re c e d in g 12 m o n th s , e s tim a te d c a s h v o tu c on en d iv id e n d o r t i d is trib u tio n d ate 
■ 
E * d iv id e n d o r ok r i g h t s v - EH d iv id e n d a nd soles in fu ll 
/ - S a le s in fu ll c id — C a ll e d w d — W h e n d is t r ib u t e d 
WI —W h e n is s u e d w w — W ith w a r r a n t s 
»w 
W ith o u t w a rra n ts id is - E» d ts b ib u h o n v t — In b a n k r u p tc y o r r e c e iv e r s h ip o r b e in g re o rg a n iz e d u n d e r the B a n k ru p tc y 
A ct or s e c u ritie s a s s u m e d b v s u c h 
’c o m p a n ie s 

D lv 
R E 
S olos 
H 
L 
C lo N o t 
/ 
R a tio (M N ) 
C hg. 

* 
U n l a rb 7 8o 
V 328 
61 % 
61' * 
6 1 -4 * 
% 
UnC '" r e b 
18 l l 
T H 
TH 
I U 
. 
U m onC p 
'3 
V 
6% 
6' , 
6 U s 
U n E m 
I 36 
9 
14/ 
IS H 
IS '* 
IS H * 
'n 
I 
U " E l p l I VO 
/JO 
SI 
SI 
51 
U n fU D f 2 72 
I 
79 % 
2 9*. 
29% » 
% 
. 
U n E id e i 
6 
6 
5% 
5% 
5% 
' 8 
)4 
U nO C al 7 IO 
8 347 
57*4 
57% 
SI' 7 
4 
UO Ca p l? 5o 
7 
74' 4 
74 
74% * 
% 
% 
U P ac CP 
U 
JIO 
SO-. 
49% 
S O H * 
% 
, 
U n iro v a ' 
5o 16 334 
IO U 
B H 
IO 
9 
U n try a l p l 8 
/VO 
87' , 
87 
87 
U n B ra n d 
8 
23 
9 
S U 
9 
U n B 'n d pf A 
8 
13’ * 
U H 
U H * 
** 
U m tC p 
87e 
66 
11 
IO *. 
IO U * % 
S 
U nE " B s I ?7 6 
99 
28 
7?% 
28 
» 
% 
8 
U E in C a ' l l 
6 
46 
I I H 
11% l l ' * * 
% 
U n G rn ty 
7 
I? 
1 7 '. 
I? ' , 
1 7 '. 
Ll Iliu m 
7 EJ 
9 
IV 
I V 4 
26% 
27’ 4 * 
% 
4 
U n it Ind 
TO 
8 
I? 
23’ / 
23% 
73’ , 
U 
Urn tm p f 4? 
5 
IS H 
15*. 
I S H - % 
U n it In n 
14 
6 
I 
5 % 
SH 
S H — 'n 
» 
U Jer Bk I a t 
8 
J 
1 7 '. 
1 7 '. n u 
» 
U n it M M 
1o4 
I i % l l ' / l l ' * * 
% 
U n N u rlr 
IO 19/ 
3 2H 
3 1 '* 
31% 
I 
U n P k M n 
48 
IS 
3 
? U 
7% 
UnR M g 
56 
8 
I? 
17’ 4 
U U 
IJ H 
H 
Ll 5 EoS 1 76e 
8 
16% 
16' * 
16% t 4 
USE idG 2 /6 IO 255 
SI 
49 
S O U * 
». 
' 4 
U S G vps I 6o 12 
167 
25 
2 4 '* 
I i 
* % 
*4 
U SG v p H 8o 
IS 
26’ » 
76 , 
26' , 
’ 9 
USEfom 
16 
9 
71 
6% 
6 '* 
6 % » 
% 
% 
U S lnd 
JO 9 
1o8 
6% 
6*4 
6 H * ' * 
' 8 
U S L -a s g 3? 
5 
2o 
IO U 
V U 
IO 
U S R iy 
34 
3 
2% 
PH 
' „ 
USShoe I 2o 
6 
34 
73% 
23 
73 
- 
H 
' * 
USStetH 7 TO 9 
)69 
46 'n 
46% 
4 6 *4 * 
% 
' h 
UST abc I H) 17 
37 
I V * 
26’ / 
7? 
* 
% 
Un T e rn I to 
7 493 
36 / 
36 
36% 
' I 
' » 
U n T rh pf 
8 
IO 16) 
161 
161 
I 
% 
U n T rh pf 7 J7 
6 
115% 
I U ' . 
115% - 1% 
' * l!n i T "! 
I 2o 
9 
1o6 
IS1 / 
18 % 
18*4 - % 
' , 
Urn T e l w l 
97 
I ’ , 
!< * 
I M 
- >. 
' 4 
Un, TI 7pf I SO 
8 
73% 
77% 
22*4 - b 
U n ttro d 
IO IO 
3o 
7% 
TH 
I U 
' , 
’ * 
U n iv a r 
56 6 
I 
9' / 
9 % 
B H — % 
LhnvEdS 
I 
9 
19 
77 
71% 
71% 
*« 
U n L e a l I HH 
8 
9 
33% 
33% 
33% a % 
U p io h n 
I oo 13 
7o 
35 
3 4*. 
J A H - ' , 
' t 
USL IE E 
IO 
7 /OI 
16% 
16 
16 
% 
I 1 si de E 
96 
IS 
I I H 
11*4 
I I H - % u 
U ta h P l 3 12 
9 
38 
4? ’ * 
47% 
42% E *4 
U 'P l p l? 8o 
13% 
33 
33' . * % 

VE Cd 
I IO 
9 
VS I C orp 8o 
6 
V a lle y ln 
JO 12 
V a n an 
78 U 
V a ro ln c 
2o 4 
Vend© 
V est Se I 31e 
V id eo 
TCH- 
8 
V ia c o m 
14 123 
V ’Ct o r C lOe IO 111 
VaE P w I 24 
8 3o8 
Va F P p f J I? 
/ 36o 
V a E P p f! 7o 
V a E P P M HO v a t p p l? 77 
Va F P p l? 9o 
V aE o f JI l l 
V a E P p i? 45 
V o rn a d o 
V g itn M I IO 

4 4 % 4 
46' / ♦ 
71% * 
3 3 '. ♦ 
17% 
2 7 *. 
22? 
7% 
18U 
6 % 
16% 
I V , 
11% 1 
5*4 

T'COr 
I IO 
T P F C p 
T R W In 
I JO 
T R W P l 4 4o 
T WW p l 4 SO 
T aft B id 
BO 
Talc o ft 
T a lle y 
6b 
T a lle y p i I fa m p E 
T a nd y 
T a n d y if t 
T a pp an 
T e clm icr 
I iH b n ii lr 
T OC bn u n f ok lr m n 
T el PC o r 
Tutee yr w 
I Cl rim I 451 
T el p r rn I 

145 
J? 
91 
7 
2 
I 
9 
I i 
I I 
I I? IO 1 IO 
8 1o5 
6 
17 
I i 
9 
IO 9 n it 
3o 16 
3U 
I 

 bb 
VO u 
21 
I? 
2o 
I 
'6 
6o? 

I eon co I 88 8 4o4 
I it iih p l 5 5o 
2 
Tesoro 
I IO 715 
Ti-sor p l2 16 
)7 
T e .a ro 
? 
91938 
I- .C o m I IO l l 
86 
Ti»»E St 
I 85 9 IT I 
T « f T p l? JO 
2 
T .E T p i? 8? 
25 t - . G s T 
7 
I HS 
T i'K ln d ll) 14 
4 
Ti . lu s t I 37 2o i l l 
Ti . lh ! 
M IIH le .O G S 
7o IO 191 
T • P l I d I 'n* 18 
J 
I i 4 U M I 4o 
9 946 j T e .s q lt I AI 
15 8? t i . g ll pl I 
64 
I T —. b ifid 
I e * ir o n I kl 8 
T e .fr p it 
I Thiokoi 
IM 
7 
Thorn Bet 
I 16 
Thorn In 
4.1 
9 
T h o". JW MO 8 t h r if ty 
4k t i lid w 'M r 
4o 
6 
I Tig e r In t 
4o 
7 

3 5 '. 
85 
?5' / 
29% 
5 
B 's 
U H 
I S '. 
36 / 
U H 
IO 
14% 
I ll* , 
58 
9 '* 
6' / 
6o -a 
B H 
J U 
JA** 
177% 
14' ■ 
I 
78 
16’ I 
4o 4 
I V i 
31 
ATH 
IS H 
8 5' . 
9% 
2 7*. 

 mc I I* 
. M r 6o IO k n 
7 TO 

JO 
I U 
93 
ISO 
55 
I 
V 
IT 
IT 
475 l l TUA 

T f 
T o b m P 
I Se 
I ToddS hip 
Tref d is 7 12 l o i f d p f J TI lO u k a C p 
4o 
I OOI Rut JOU I' 
T im o r 
TO 
T r * n e 
I un 
I ra n Un I ?6 
'W A 
I T W A p l 
I 
Tr a—,a m 66 l r an Inc (9 2 
T r anvc O 
9o 
I ra n v t n 
52 l r G R nib 65 
I TrG M p f IO 32 
T rG P PM 64 
T r& P p t j 5D 
T ranO hF 
78 
T f . M i W V I kl 

>5 
At 
61 
15? 
16 

JO'* 
53 u 
4 a 
'6 , 
25% 
T IU 
35% 
11-4 
16 
H H 
17*4 
1o*4 
35' / 
22 
5? * 
IT * 
6 

 l l l l ' * i i i 
U U 
I t i 
IOU 
/IO 
74 . 
14o 1o6 
/9|) 
94 

IJT 
6? 

26% 
1o% 
2 J U 
JI 4 

2 o '* 
B H 

85 
75 
29' * 
5 
91* 
IP’ / 
18% 
36’ « 
12% 
9 '. 
33% 
6*4 l l * . 
5 7*. 
9 1 4 
6 ’ / 
58% 
8 
2 * . 
34*8 
177% 
14% 
27% 
27% 
35% 
TBH 
27% 
3o% 
42' , 
15 
BJ' / 
S U 
PTM 
29% 
TO' i 
3o 
53% 
4' , 
76% 
75 
72% 
34 , l l ' . 
15*. 
1% 
IT '* 
1o , 
34% 
2 1 / 
51' / 
I? • 
6 
U h 
25 • 
25% 
IO 

VV i 
J I *4 
35 / 
1o % 
11 
I i ' * 
77% l l 4 

74 
UM 

 lb 
TO' l l 
IO* 
JO* 

71 
* 
B H 
35% 
85 
?5 
- 
29% 
5 
B l* 
12*. * 
18% i i i 
17% 
IO 
* 
3 4 '* 
6*4 n u * 
58 
* 
9% 
8* / 
SB H . 
S n * 
7 H * 
34 % « 
177% 
1 4 '* * 
I V , • 
78 % • 
35 U 
4o% l l ' t • 
31 i 
47*4 * 
15% 
85 
• 
9 % l l ' I I 
29% 
TO*. • 
IO U < 
53 .« 
4% • 
1b'n 
25 
2 3 H • 

11% 
16 
■ 
1*4 
17*4 - 
1o% ) 
35’ ? * 
? ! 1 , 
52% - 
17% 
6 
13*4) 
25% 
25% 
IO 

 ll* / 
J I 
* 
35*4 
1o% 
18 
U U 
22% 
18% 
IO U 
74’ / 
1o6 
94* / 
2 *’ . 
1o% 
77% 

V 
19 
19 
7% 
IT M 
7% 
5% 
M '. 
18% 
14% 
9' / 
IA H 
48 
19 
53% 
87 
9 
JOH 
/H IO 86' i 
13oo 
82' , 
18 
S' , 
9 
I i 
VV 

45 
I 
19 
19 l l 
8 
I 
I V 

/IO 
/?o 
/TO 

18% 
19 
7% 
ITH 
T U 
SH 
U H 
IT '* 
U H 
BH 
I A U 
46 
49 
53*. 
86 
3o% 
861 , 
82' , 
S’ , 
7 4 '. 

19 
— 'n 
19 
7*4 * 
I 4 
IT* 4 — % 
T U * 
% 
S H - % 
14% 
17—4 - > 4 
U H - 'n 
B H * 
% 
14 ‘ w - ' * 
46 
3 
49 
H 
53% 
IU 
87 
4 Ifs 
3o’ , 
86 / 
82' / - ' 
S' 
■ '» 
24% - v-i 

‘.V a tn o v a 54 
9 
16 
IT H 
17% 
1 7 % - 
,4 
Wnc.hR ty 
43 
4 
4 
4 
W a lM a rt 
IO 13 
36 
U H 
IV / 
U H 
W a lq rn I IO 
I l l 
16 4 
16% 
16% * 
> 4 
W k * A I K),I 
9 
4 
28 
28 
78 
W ritlB u s 
66 
8 
36 
IV 
19 
19 
. 
<, 
W .tU M 'i 
I 
4 
26 
23 
73'» 
2 3 *. » 
H 
W alt J im 
I 
8 
SB 
35 
34% 
34’ * 
W a lt J p l 
I 
/IO 
I I H l l ’ / l l ' * — v» 
W a ll J p f I 6o 
W a rd e d 4?t 
7 
37% 
3? % 
37% 
IS 
5 ', 
5 % 
5' I 
W a rn a co 
I i 
I U 
V 7 
I • »— 
11 
W a rn s I JO l l 
14 
3 oH 
X U 
3o% 
W rnC om 
6o 
7 
94 
V ' 7 l l 
7 7 % * 
-» 
W rnC pf I 25 
I 
54 
54 
54 
* IN 
W rne r Co 6o 
o 
7 
9*4 
9% 
9 % * 
-1 
W a rn e r I 
I 
141o59 
2 8 *. 
78% 
7 8 ', * 
% 
W aU ’G s I HH 
I 
21 
71V. 
7 1 *. 
21% * 
1, 
W ash N a ! 8o 
I 
1.39 
U U 
I? 
I? 
— 
<4 
W ashSfl 
I 
I 
7 
19% 
19*. 
19% 
I 4 
W asW at I 76 
I 
35 
72% 
72% 
27*4 * 
% 
W a sfeM 
2o I? 
34 
13*4 
U M 
13*4 4 
, 1 
W n M in J 
J7 l l 
IO 
TO 
TO 
TO 
W ay COS 
48 IO 
I 
6 % 
6 % 
6*4 * 
' t 
W e a "U n (ftp 8 
14 
5% 
5*4 
5*4 - 
*1 
W e a th rd SO 
6 
IO 
9% 
9% 
9-4 
W ebhO el l l 
79 
8 % 
8 % 
8 % 
' I 
W ei is E g I 17 
8 2o9 
27% 
2 7 '. 
I V 7 - 
*4 
W en E M i m 
16 
IS 
IO '* 
IO' , 
IO' , 4 
% 
W tP tP e 2 X 
7 
68 
3?% 
36*. 
JI 
WSH t Tr I 94 
8 
17 
26% 
26% 
26% 4 
N 
W n A ir l -Ila 
8 
49 
HH 
8*4 
H U 
W n B i'i t SO 8 
16? 
7 8 '* 
78 % 
IS , 
14 
We NOA nib 
I 
I t 
U U 
16U t 6% 
W n P n tln 
6 
U t 
I V 7 
16% 
IT ' ,4 
N 
W " P u b 
8o 
7 
36 
I V , 
U H 
I? ' »— < 1 
W U nion I JO 
9 
6V 
1 8 '. 
18' , 
18% 4 
% 
W hU n P U VO 
I 
55 i i 
55 
* 
W U T 'p l 
6 
61 ’ , 
61’ / 
61% 
WU Ti p ip 56 
8 
76% 
26% 
?6 ‘ • 
W 'S lu E I V? 
I 
611 
17% 
17% 
17% 4 
1, 
W e lt’n o r 
I 
I 
I 
I 
- 
' 1 
W stva co I IO 9 
8o 
3o*4 
2**4 
3o% 4 
*, 
A i y b rq I )6 i 
I 
I T t l l t l l I 
W* y e rh r oo 17 8o3 nO 7 
4o 
4o% i i 
W e y p t? an 
119 i i 
56% 
56 V, 
I . 
Whp. IE AC<i l l 
HO 
I i 
24 % 
TS 
* 
N 
W h'ripO * 
I 
W h it c o n t l( 
12 MV 
74*4 
24 / 
24% 
A l l 
74*4 
74 
74% 4 v, 
W I "ic p tC J 
W h tte M I 
I 
38 *4 
38% 
3 8 % - 
3 
59 
6 % 
6 / 
6 ' , 
V Vhitm q I 3o 
I 
31 
74 , 
23*4 
24 , * 
W h ftta k r 
9 
34 
6 
S U 
6 
* 
% 
W u k ,', 
36* 
IO 
66 
13% 
13' / 
13%-* 
»1 w '( b d l Si 
)? 
8 
IS 
S n 
8 
8 
W illia m s t IO 337 
25 
24 I 
75 
* 
W ils b rO 1?e IO 
U 
MU 
8 * 
I U 
W irvnD * I 56 13 
45 
41’ I 
41*4 
41% * 
W mnbgO 
TO 174 
S' / 
5' 4 
5 % 4 
1, 
W in ie r I ooa 
53 i i ' * 
14% 
14*4 
A V E R 
7 
91763 
JOU 
JO 
3o 
W isGO’j I ?o 
8 i i 
JOH 
19% 
TO 
4 
% 
W VG P IJ i i 
5 
29 
29 
19 
W - 
P l 
I to 
9 i i 
7UH 
7o% 
2o** 
W ilt RS I 16 
A i i 
19% 
19% 
19% 
< 1 
W 'lO 
I AO 
7 1o5 
3o' , 
>o 
3o 
W * ltrD 
6o 
4 
EA 
IJ H 
U U 
U H - 
J, 
Act! yr W lr 
6 
8 
4 'n 
4 * 
4 * . 4 
W o n t,'to , rn 
I l l ' * l l ' , 
11*9 
WuudCp kl 
I 
I 
I U 
?% 
I U * 
WuoqR' t X >3 
68 
H , 
74 % 
U U 
'-I 
W ai w th I Cs 
8 14 
75 'n lb 
37% 
37% - 
W o r!clA ,r 
I? 
4 I* 
4% 
4 '. 
A r iq i y / 4o-r 
9 
I 
TI 
TI*« 
7J' , « toot i i in t x 
6 
76 
14 >* 
M 
M 
- to / Iren to 
9 
1/ 
9 'n 
9 . 
B V , 
W ytyC p 
84 
% 
I* * 
1% 

\ 
N 
/ 

KW Ok 
I ill l l Iti J 
5o *4 
5o% 
5 o *. * 
Mb -* 
o8* to 
71 % 
? !*» 
71*4 r 
■■) l l 
11*9 
I I H 
/ a t e lo 
HH 
6 
HO 
IS % 
IS* i 
IS M 
/ rt" p * A 
Hi) 
J l l u , 
IV , 
/a p a fa lot, 
4 
47 
17 
1? 
/a yr e l p 
6 
*)V f,‘ 9 
I % 
V I 
/e t" f* ,» 
I 
I? lf). 
I i 
7 4 % 
IS 
* 
/g r n ln d 
*8 
9 
12 
U H 
U h 

NE W Y Q R k 
A ff 
N Y S tock s a l# 
VI 56o OOI 
18 o1o OOO 
19 7)o OOO 
23 TYO ' SJO 
?4 AQS 49o 

268 6o4 489 
VII VI I too 

( a s h 
< 
# r a m 

>w SOI 

W h e at c a p o n bl i I* f i a t s rn 4 J I 4 4« 

U G ' p f 
U M C m n 
U V T T Tr 

TA 717 
TOU 
I 
2o* t 
JOH 
2o / 
TOU 
JO* / 
I 
I lf * * 
I V U 
% '■ 
/ USO 3o 
TV 4 
7 « -. 
I 
M % 
6 
I . 
11'*. 
IA '* 

 l l 
I I M 
U H 
IS H 
4r 
IO 
M % 
34 * 
34’ 9 

6 
IA 
H U 
5o H 
So h 
IO 
I? 
12% 
U ' 4 
I? 
TV? 
At 
AO 
6 1 % 

1A E* i 
Sot gh g rn Alc ti i it l a - d o n - e s t n e tftil 4 35 4 4o ig w 
- . p o r t 2 I 4 ‘ , 
I l f ' 

(A R ) 
W h e a t Nu 
7 h a rd 
T h u rs d a y 
N u 
I 
■'■aft re g 
9 ■’ y e tio w I M i d i i n a p p e r i 
O a ts N u 2 h e a v y 
I BA in 
I y e llo w / Vin 
>* c t" n 
W e d ne sda y w a s 
411 (d l)flp **r I I 48 *4,1 ( b o t) 

T Y CA P l 
W h e a t l l tb< % 
U t 
No J h a rd 2 #3 3 De rn 

NI v a n 
AOa 
4 i i 
M u 
HJ*4 
»4 
M C A lo 
I 
Vt 
JI t 
V 
P i 9 - u 
ME t i 
41 
A' I 
4‘ 
' • 
M G K 
IO l l S it 
IA i 
»6 
« 
M a l AE toil 
23 
S 
I 
I 
A u 
Ma< Don 
J 
» 
S' 9 
S 
* v 
M a r ie 
36 
A 
25 
6 
6 
6 
Mo cm ill 
SO 
7 I U 
9% 
» • t* 4 ■ 
M o ly 
I X 
7*34 
U U 
T /H 
33 9 ♦ 
M a l ypt 4 T i 
/IOOO 
S3 
S3 f 
M a d s * d 
Tit 
I I H 
U U ll r9 
M ao SRG 
5 
A 
S U 
I 
9 ♦ 
M a q u i t 
« 
« ITV 
9 U 
♦ u 
« U ■** 
‘ • 
M a llo ry 
I 14 JIA 
JAH i6 
| *f j 4 
M elon M bl l l 
U n 
» u 
23 
M acm m 
TO 
4 
5 t 
• 
J* 9 
M trM a n I VT 
8 227 
J I *4 
V ' $ 
V * 4 9 
M A P C O I W 14 IJJ 
A IU 
41 
41 |f- rn 
M a ra IM 
I J. 
) u 
U H 
U H 
I )3 9 " 
M ar a lO 2 TO 
9 AVO 
O ' , w * 
M 
M a n m l 
AO 
6 
J 
VV , 
\ r i lf * f 
M a r M id 
AC I ) 58? 
U H l l • 
\ t 
M a r ion I 
52 
IT 
JO 
14*9 
U t 
14 
M a r ley 
I TU 
I i f 
4 fU 
* 
M a rr n it 
24* 
1119o8 
16 
VO 
1o% 
M w 1o- -*:- 
M r sh M i L 
I 
SS' 4 
S4 | 
M a rs tiE I 24 t i 1o8 
IO' I 
N IU l f 
* 
M a r IM O I A) 
I 14 
I * nu 
24 
M a ry K 
4o U 
W 
I i 
U U 
M r tclC W AAT) 
9 
I l f . , i i * | 
V 
M a w o f p 78 U 
58 
J IH 
7 ) U 
31 4 * 
M a WM"! 
NI l l 197 
TOH f t h 
9 * 
M a SM I IN* t i 
*o u 
I 
" * 
M a ssy E la 
J U7 
TO iv u 
M a s i p I AO n 
17' j t h i 
»f 
• 
M a s in t y#< 
SI 
11*4 l l* t l l 
M .ls u fc TV, 
IO 
W 
77 . it 4 i i 
M it M s i i i 
I U 
V § t o o , O U I I? 
9 IAS 
P U i i f t i tot, y # fO I TOVO 
1/ ffl 
U w rn to,,, ,to 
ISO 
I 
I 
) 
: * 

.N.Y* Bonds n iu ' u) es b o a rd o i 

Y o rk 
Y o r k 
’ 
(Al 
.to- k 
T h u r s d a y ' 
'a u g e b o n 
W H I A f 

11ooo H ig h l o w 1 
C O R P O R A T IO N 
B O N D S 

A T O 
C V 4 U 
• 
6 / 
66 i 
66 
A ir o t c v S U ^ f * 
$ t p j H in t o 
1o3- 
A rt! A i f I 
Cwt 4*1 
64 s r * 
%) 4 l l 1 
A f f t is 
• IS# 
H U 
I M 
A T T 
» KOS 
I# tU 6 */ 1o6 • r n 
A tcr'i*» o« 
H t s 
62 * 
6 2 * , 
6 / 
H A O t v l ' is IAT 
S PU 
S IU 
I i 1 
C M S B * c v J 
*3 
4$ 
6v « 
69 4 
66 t i* *6 SP* 
H S II 
H U u 
( ‘ IK M t vSUsOU 
IU n 9 i i 4 ? 
61 

< h i t . i l i a 
I i * r o l l i c k 

M u y tg I SDA 13 IOO 
M i ( a d 
I i 
I 
| 
M i D er 
I AS 
4 |7» to p i t a 
Hi i t ml to, p o t.O VO i rn 
M i G erm so 
* 
A to* t , f I I rn. 
* 
33 

 f o n t in C p f% §’# too* § 
IOO 
C r«p»frCa 
6% AS i i 
' 4 
•6 o f * 4 
( r q * N 
% 
§4 
V t u 
VO U 
66 U cl % P o rn 
IK i i 
14 
I Q i u 
1-o3 * i 
P M A if i #s f s i* I l f 
I O M I ' 
C A 6 
VI 
^6 
•6 
66 
% v vt 
V a n t 
S lu 
M i l 
S i 4 t Q H 
66* # 

♦ u f o i * 
S »-I 
*6 
74 
66 u ■, ffys J 
I * »66 t 
J * ,6 ^ 
• I 
1o3 « 
IO ) * iff 
* i * 
6 S 
64 I i s 
(stool Ac 
' ' 
H# ■' m 
6# l %, 
C# S^vil A 
Ss 4o 
»? 
I P I 
64 l l 
U 66o* 6 i 
6% 61 t i 
# « u 
66 4 
Ai- u ti f i'l f': c * %%*i 
* l l i l u 
/# 
% :sr6’ 
' #6 i t l l { ' « i i iS f ii’ # 1 
U* 
I 
S4S 
4 F i l u 
G o H t v I l l * i i i i • 
I I H 
H* 
.a 
C k 6 
14 
4 
• 6 
6# 
H* a i I** i 
6 * . Of 
6 6 ' * 
66 * j4 
66 . 
H - 1 lf! H f . S 
# | l l l l 
61 
MMS* ^ 
I #6% P l i i 
I I M # t i # u 
I * # 6# v 3o i# f 
I I I 
I P U 
1 1 f%fhi 
P A U t i I 
A f t 
1 
- - 
' 
S IU 
| J u f l u i #" s t l f i f i m 6 k • * ' ..>61 
• % 
SA 
1 

 ie orch < eg 
I 3 IOO TAC vow s f ir m er 
J Ti tot 

 i lfI 
# ri(# w i ort 
■* M rs M u d dy b ill 
•i'*jc i ■••#rs#* N rs t- f f« b y - le a d , 
A 
M e ta l 
I? OO I? VO lie r y 3# SO g b tT y 
24 SO lb SO a fe w 
• u 'lm l l Ob 74 SO 

 lin g SAO *o4 
OHO i i i . up 

I ' » w # u t S t « # i « R f , i # i 
1 1.L R . 
AE' 
It* # 
A(|8K,t«'«Hf 

1*1 U t . 
IM M 
A n * I 
HA rn 

I O R A t|»N 
MONOS 

IS 71 t i l l t i l l 
»4 
U l t m i l 
1*14 
I rn 
- t i 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

...» 

4 
» n i | > l < 
» l « 
» n a 
U o n n i d o p r i m o s 
American stocks 

I a 
H i i k 
I v c l i t S a i l A n t o n i o 

N e w y o re IA K ) in u r s a a y s n a tio n a l o ric e s fo r 
A m e ric a n 
SfocK 
E x c h a n g e issues as of 
A m e x clo se 
P ric e s and vo lu m e c o n s o lid a te d to r s e c u ritie s also tra d e d on o th e r m a rk e ts 

Dlv. 
P E Sale* 
H 
R a tio (M s ) 
Clo S at 
CUR 

36 
8 
32 5 
3o 
6 
S6 
6 

.A 
E P I* 
A A R Cp 
A A V COS 
A P S In c ftS P R O 
A T I Inc 
A V C C p 
AO 5 
A V X C p 25r 
J 
A c m o H m 
A c tio n 
28b 
6 
A c to n C p 
13 
A d a m R s 
8 
A (Job eOH 16 22 
A eg isC p 
8 
A ero F lo 15e 5 
A eron ca 
A ff ii Hsp 
24 
7 
At te r Six 
24 
6 
A ienW dS 
A 'a s k A ir 
4 
A lb e W a o5e 63 
A ic o ia t 
32e 
7 
A lle g C p w t 
A ile q A ir 
8 
A lle q A w tO 
A lle g A p fC 3 
A lld A r f 
A lld T h r 
88 
7 
A lta m il lOe 
5 
A lte cC p 
A lte c C p w t 
A lte r Fds 5o l l 
A lcoa pf3 75 
A M AX Wt 
Am A g ro 
Am B iltr t 5o 6 
A m B rd w t 
A m B u s P 28 
9 
A C e n M tg w t 
A C o n trl 
48 
8 
A m F le tc h 
A G a rP d 
34 
A ln tP ic t 
A M a iz e A 4o 
A M a i/e B 4o 
Am M I 2 8oe 
A M o t Inns 
A m P e t! 2 2o 
A P re c s 
28a 
A Sa IE q 
A m Sc i t 
o4e 19 
A m T e c 
ISe 
6 
A m UHS 63o 
A n d re R 
13 
Ana loC 
13e 
6 
A nker) 
28 
7 
A n th o n y 19t 
4 
Applet D ta 
8 
A p ld D e v 
16 
A q u itC a 
3o l l 
A r i/C L lO elO 
A rm in C p 12 
3 
A rro w E 
23 
A ru n d e l 
A s e m e ra 25 IO 
Ash IOC 2oa 
9 
A s tre x 
ISe 
8 
A ta la n ta 2oe 
A tc o in d 
A tia s C M o8o 
A tla s C p w t 
A u s tra lO 
18 
Au to T m 7ot 
A u ’ m B 'd 
6 
A u tm R a d 
3 
A u to S w 
88 13 

16 
5 7s 
5 H 
5+8— 
"8 
2 
IO’ 2 
IO' 7 
IO"? 
I 
5+8 
5+8 
5+8 + 
' 8 
3 
7 J-. 
7+4 
7 + /.- 
' B 
8 
I T ? 
11+8 
11+8 
+8 
16 
1+8 
I 
1+8 
9 
I I H 
I I H 
U H + 
+4 
2 
I I H 
11*8 
H H 
+4 
2 
I ' . 
1+4 
1+4 • 
5 
7+. 
7+4 
7 H 
59 
4 
3 *. 
4 
34 
4*-. 
4' 7 
4+4 A 
+8 
27 
U H 
14' 8 
14+4 
149 
I * . 
1H 
1+/4 A 
+8 
6 
9 '. 
9 ' b 
9+8 
'ft 
9 
17b 
1 + 4 
I 7/8 I 
1 H 
2 
8' ? 
8+2 
8 + 7 
'ft 
3 
7 
7 
7 
4 
' 8 
14 
8 
7+8 
8 
+ 
V. 
16 
I* . 
4*8 
4*8 
2 
2 
1+8 
I 'f t - 
'ft 
3 
5 *. 
5+4 
5+'4 — ' 8 
2 
8 ’ . 
8+4 
8+4. . 
44 
5+. 
5 ' b 
5 ' b 
3 
2 H 
2 H 
2*8 A 
+8 
I 
26 
26 
26 
SO 
1+8 
I ' . 
1*8 + 
' ft 
I 
1 4 '. 
14+4 
14+4 ♦ 
I 4 
2 
6 ' . 
6 ' . 
6+4 
'ft 
I 
I 
1 
I 
+ 1 16 
3 5 16 5 16 5 16 t I 
16 
12 
127b 
127e 
127» 
/SO 
48' 2 
48"? 
48' 2 * 
’ 2 
28 
5 '. 
5+4 
5 + 4 - 
' 8 
IO 
3 
3 
3 
'ft 
3 
7+. 
7+44 
7+4 
' I 

(MV. 
P E Salat 
H 
R atio f bds) 
E le c tro q 
I 
E le c E n g 28 
E le c tR e s 
Sloe A m I 2o 
E n g y R s 
F rn s tE C 64 
E ro Ind 
E s p e y M t 
E sqR ad 39e 
Essex Ch 32 
E t/L a v 
E v a n A r 2or 12 
E x e c ln d 

F D I in c Ole 88 
F abien 
4o 23 
F a irT o x 
F a irfN o b 
F a irm C 14e 14 

18 'a 
7 
18’ 4 
7 
183f t - 
7 
I 3 32 3 32 3 32 
I 32 

A V E M C 
2o 
A vo n d a l I 2o 
A y d in C o 

5 
1 
4 l l 
32 
3 
5 
14 
3 
SO 
73 
2 
21 
3 
4 
7 
8 46 
2 
61 
4 
I 
9 
I 
6 
I 
9 

7 
I ' 2 
8 ’ 4 
4' 8 
8*8 
8 '» 
49 
4 H 
361 B 
SU 
S H 
IO U 
5 
U G 
3 'b 
2*8 
7' ? 
SH 
5' < 
5 
15V 
4' B 
6' B 
5' a 
6*8 
IO U 
IO’ B 
4+b 
SG 
I 
4' b 
9 ’ J 
1 6'B 
6+n 
4 H 
4+8 
43*4 
4 j b 
2 5*. 
7 V 

6 ’ b 
I ’ J 
8 
4 
8 '4 
8 ' b 
49 
4’ 2 
35 34 
8 ’ .) 
5*8 
1o*8 
5 l l * . 
2*8 
2*8 
7' 2 
S H 
5' 2 
4 V 
15' 2 
4 'a 
6 
5+4 
6*« 
IO 
IO' 8 
4*8 
S' 

6 H 
I ' 2 
8’ 8 t 
4 
— 
8 >4 
8 7b 
49 
4' 2-- 
35’ 4 
8 ’ 4 
5*8 
IO U 
5 
I I G 
3 '» * 
2+4 
7' 2 
5 78 
S' 2 - 
4*o. 
IS G 
4' H 
6 
5+4. 
6' 2 + 
IO ' 8 * 
IO' H 
4 H f 
S H 1 
15 1615 16 
I 16 

9 ' b 
IS G 
6' 4 
4 H 
4' 8 
43j 4 
4' 8 
25 G 
7 H 

4' 8 ' 
93b 
16 
6*4 
4 U 
4' 8 
4334 
4' 4 
25-G 
7 U 

H N I jo e 
I 
' b 
'ft 
H 
RR T w t 
I 32 
I 32 
I 37— 1 32 
B T U Eng 
12 
2 
2 
7 
- 
' 1 
Badge ty t so 
7 
9 
91. 
9' 8 
9 H + 
'-ii 
B a k n rM lOe 
I 
I 
4+4 
4+4 
4+. + 
1 f 
B a ld o rE I 24 b 
I 
12 
17 
12 
+ 
B a n F d I 15n 
3 
167s 
16+4 
16+4 
+8 
B a n is te r 
JO 
5 
49 
12 l l ' ? l l ' a— 
1 . 
B a n n e r 
OH 
5 
4o 
5 
5 
5 
- 
1 f 
B a rc la y 
o4 38 
B a rc o C a 
17 
9 
6 
9 
I 's 
3 'x 
H e 
3+4 
I H 
3+4 
I f 

R arnesE 
8 
3*8 
3 ' h 
3+h 
'ft 
B a rn w l 
2oc 36 
5 
9 H 
9 H 
9'S * 
1 f 
R a rry W r 44 
I 
4 io n 
IO'? 
IO1 2 
B a rth Sp 
2o 
9 
2 
3'4 
3 '. 
3'4 
B a rto n s 
7 
H e 
K b 
K b 
BaruC hF 
2 
2 
2 
7 
B e ll Ind o8a 
6 
38 
57b 
5+4 
5 '. 
B e ls c tR o6t 
7 
5 
7'4 
2 '. 
2’ A * 
I, 
B e n ru s 
5 
13 
3' o 
3 
3 
'ft 
B e rg E nt 
131 
13 
77b 
7*8 
2 H 
1 j 
B erge n B 
16 
34 
5 + 4 
5+8 
5*8 
+4 
B rq B p f 1.1$ 
27 
14 
13*. 
13H 
B er tea 
14 
8 
4o 
5*8 
5+4 
S H * 
+8 
B e rv e n C o6 ie 
3 
I 'ft 
? H 
'ft 
B e v e r! yE 
36 
7' ? 
7*8 
2' 2 
Sic P en 
48 
9 
6 
13*8 
13*8 
13*8 
B 'g D a d 
6 
4 
4' 8 
4>x 
4' 8 A 
'ft 
B ig V S u p 76 
4 
2 
7+4 
7 '? 
7*4 + 
H 
BmkAAt la 
I 
8 
15*4 
I5 H 
15*8 - 
+8 
B in n y Sm Kl b 
66 
15 +8 
U H 
15 
— 
’ 8 
B lo u n t 
IO 
5 
7 
9 7b 
9 '? 
9' j — ' I 
R o din A p 4o 71 
7 
4*4 
4 *. 
4+4 
' 8 
B o lt B er 
2o 
6 
7 'i 
7 
7+8 
B o w V a ll 
IO 113 
6 
19' ? 
19’ 4 
1 9 '. 
B ow ne 
3o 
6 
4 l l 
1o*4 l l 
* 
*ft 
B ra d td N 2o l l 
136 
8+8 
8 
8+8 F 
+r 
B ra n ifA r w t 
1 
8 'e 
B H 
S H * 
'ft 
B rose an A 
I 
3 128 
11*8 
I T / 
11 + 8 
B ra u n E n 
I 
6 
4 
22*8 
ZZ'A 
ZZ 'n A *8 
B re eze C p 
B re w e rC 
IS 
7 
31 
6 
I l e 
1o*4 
5 H 
I I H + 
+8 
B ro D a rt 
?o 
5 
IO 
3’ x 
3 H 
3’ 8 - 
' 8 
B ro o k s P 4o 
5 
4 
IO+8 
1o*8 
1o*8 
'n 
B ro w n Co w t 
3 
7-8 
2 
7+8 * 
•ft 
B rn F A 
6o 
9 
12 
14* • 
13*4 
13*. 
+8 
B rn F B 
6o 
9 
27 
14 
14 
14 
4 
' 8 
B urge ss 
8 
3 
3 
3 
3 
B o rin g I IO 
6 
7o 
13*. 
13' 2 
13*4 ♦ 
+» 
B u rn s ln 
6o 
7 
25 
9*4 
9' 7 
9 *8 A 
' 8 

F a lc o n s 
I 
F a m D o lr 2o 6 
F am IR e t 
4 ra s h F a b 
F e d M a rt 6o 
5 
F edR H y I 24 13 
F edR es 
F el m o t . 12e 22 
Pi del co 
Im C pA 
F ilm w y o5r 
9 
F inG on 
4o 
6 
F in G n A 
4o 
F t Conn 
25e l l 
FstS L Sh 
16 
F s tm rk 
F is c h rP 481 
6 
F la g s ta ff 
6 
F la v rln d 
17 
F lig h tS t o9e IO 

2 
22 
3 
12 
1 
46 
IO 
5 
19 
2 
4 
61 
31 
1 
2 
849 
71 
3 
3 
IO 
3 
IS 
4 
5 
17 

6o 

4o 

Fia C a p 
F la R c x 
F lo w G e n 
F lo w e rs 
F lu ke J 
F ly D 'S O 
F o od rm 
F o od w ys 2o 
FooteM 25e to o te p f 2 2o 
F o rd C a n Sa 
F orest C OSe 
F o re s tL a t) 
6 
Fo xS ta P 5o IO 
Fra n k ln R t 
F ra n k Nu 36 6 
F re s n illo 4o 1o3 21 
F rie d m 24b 
6 
5 
F rie n d F r 
12 
IO 
F rig tm p 551 6 
29 
F ris c h s 3ob 
7 
2 
F ro n t A ir 
19t 
4 12 
F ro n tA ir w l 
I 

16 
16 
1 
6 *5o 
7 
I 
6 
4 
9 
7 
2 

14 '8 
8 
IG) 
21 
6 '4 
IDG 
I H 
53/4 
9 3 8 
9 
3 
15' 2 
13 

T H 
3*8 
V 2 
2'8 
3 
387 a 
S U 
2*8 
1 " t 
14' 8 
14*8 
43/4 
2o' 4 
2 H 
1H 
IO’ 2 
1o3 4 
IO '8 
6 7 8 
IO' 2 
2 
14' B 
4' 2 
7' a 
127 a 
4 7 a 
3 7a 
4' 2 
18*4 
16 
23 
6 
I I G 
8' 2 
3o *» 
87' 2 
7 H 
3 
9' a 
37e 
9 ' 4 
X V 
5 '8 
134 
8 ’ 2 
6 7» 
63a 
2' 2 

14' 4 
8 
17e 
2oG 
6' 8 
1o34 
IG 
53/4 
9>8 
B H 
2*8 
15 
12'4 

C lo N a t 
C h * 
14'ft— * 
8 
— M 
17 a 
' 
2o*8 * V| 
6' . 
1o3x 
1*8 
53/4 t + 
93 8 
+ 
9 
* 
V 
2*8 - ' 
IS ' 2 + 
" 
13 
F * 

2 G 
3+8 
138 
2 
3 
38*8 
53.4 
23b l 't 
14'8 
14*8 
4 H 
19 vB 
2*8 
1*8 
91/4 
IO' 2 
IO'4 
6+8 
IO 1 a 
2 
133. 
4+b 
V a 
12' 2 
A Va 
378 
4' 8 
18'? 
15*8 
21*4 
5 7 a l l 
8 
3o7s 
87' ? 
7*8 
3 
8 78 
3 V 
V U 
2o’ ? 
5*8 
134 
8 1 A 
67e 
6 U 
2' 2 

2*8 
3+ft - 
I ' 24 
2 
3 
- 
38 V - 
5*8 4 
2*8 
V t 
14' 8 - 
14*8 
4 G 4 
U H — 
2*8 
1*8 
IO '4 ‘ 
1o*4 * 
IO3 8 4 
A G ­ 
IO' 2 + 
2 
13*4 
4 '8 — 
7' 4 
12’ / 
4*8 t 
37n 
4' ? 4 
I BG t 
16 
F 
23 
* 
6 t 
U G 4 
8' V F 
3 o *t * 
87*2 
7*8 . 
3 
8 7 a 
3 G 4 
9 ’ 4 
2o'a 
5’ 8 
I 3 4 
8 ’ 2 ‘ 
6 7B 4 
6 ' 4 4 
T i 

D lv . 
* s s a < c ~ ie ; 
P -E S a la t 
H 
R a tio ( h d t) 

M itc h lE 
M ite C p 
2o 
M o ly c rp w t 
Mon M g t 
4o 
M o n P pf 4 5o 
Moog 
6o 
M tg G th 48e 32 
M o rto n s .32 
5 
M o tts S M 
6 
M 'V M il I 2o 25 
M u lti A m 2o 9 

N a rd a M 
2o 
N a t CSS 
2o 
N a tH lth F 
N et k id w t 
N K in ne y 
NI P araq 4o 
N tP a te n t 
N tS ilv e r 
15' 
N tS p in n g 
N atS yst 
N a tw H o 
36 

7 
27 
65 
5 
I 
74oo 
7 
I 
6 
2 
7 
7 
2 

4 /J8 
8 G 
32’ ? 
5*2 
51 
I I G 
5 J4 
5' 4 
4*8 
15*8 
4' 2 

N 

41' 2 
8' 8 
31G 
5' 2 
51 
11*8 
5G 
5*8 
41 j 
IS' > 
4 ’ ? 

CIO N o t 
C h * 
A T I 4 V; 
8 'n — G 
32'? 
. 
5 '? — G 
51 
- *. 
I I G — >1 
5*8. 
5 +4 4 *1 
4*8 4 1 /, 
IS ’ 2 
3, 
4 V7— v 

N ld ria 
o4e 
N M ex A r 
N P roc 
63e 
N Y T im e s 6 

V s 

42c 

4o 

( i 

15 
26 
3 

3 
9 
3 
12 
13 183 
A 
3o 
64 
I? 
I 
7 
I 
IO 
7 
5 
5 
2 
98 
61 
I 
69 
9 
I 
33 
12 
I 
I 
1o 

G IT m d 
G R tC p 
G SCEn 
G TI 
G a b rie l 
G alaxy 
G a rc ia 
G a rla n d 
G a te s L r je t 
G ayn o r 
On E m p 
19r 
GenE xp 
G nH otis 
A 
GnRec re 
G enisco 
17 
Genov O r 
7 
Geon ind 
G erbe r 
7 
G ia n tF d la 
5 
G ia nt Y el 
V8 
G la d d in g 
G la s ro c k 
OI at ti t r I 8o 
6 
G le nG e r 
16 95 
G ie nD is 44t 
8 
G lo b e ln 
7o 
5 
G losser 
32 
5 
GtOucstE 
4 
G 'd b la tt 
28 IO 
G oidnC yt 
67 
Got tin W 36e 
7 
G o ld fie ld 
GoodLS o7r 
G oodrich w t 
'O rm R 9o.) 
8 
G ould IT 
74e 2i 
G m d C tl 
3o 6 
31 A n i In d 
4 
G tB e sm P 
64 
GIL k Ch 
78 14 
.r^ e in n n 
4 
S re e rH y 
17 
5 
• ro w C 
37b 
6 
■uardC 
5o 
8 
G lfO C.m 1 
1 
G lfP e p F n 
4 
G u lM rm 

Ha! IsM o t 5o 
5 
H a m p D 15e 16 
H a m p tn 
3 
H a n n frd 
77 
5 5 
Han vt Sh 6o 
5 
4 
H a rla n d 
6o 
IO 364 
H a rttd Z d 
5 
H a rt? M 22e 
17 52 
H a rv e y 
7 
H asbro 
4 
H a s tin g 4oa 
6 
Heal th Ch 
IO 
T e a lth M 3o 
4 
Hemicfc toe 8 
H e itm M tg 
H iG tn r 
1st 3o 
H ig h la n d ilh a v n 3? v 

2 
3 
IG 
2 
13' ? 
4'' 8 
7' 8 
4 ‘ b 
IO 
7 8 
2 
9 
7’ a 
I 
1*8 
6 
I *8 
6 
16*. 
8 1 8 
33/4 
5 'b 
35 *8 
A > -4 
16G 
17G 
IO 
17’ 8 

1*8 
73 4 
IG 
I U 
13 
43< 
2’ a 
4G 
934 
7 8 
1 3 4 
8*8 
2 
I 
IG 
6 
I 7 8 
6 
1634 
7*4 
3*4 
5 '8 
35’ 8 
434 
16' 2 
173 8 
IO 
12' 8 

74 
13 
U H 
12+4 
2o 
IO' ? 
1o + 2 
IO’ 2 
14o13 
16 
+'4 
3/4 
I 
I 'ft 
I 'ft 
I U 
74 
7+4 
7+8 
7+8 
7 
TOH 
2o*8 
TOH 
6 
8 
4' 2 
4*8 
A' ? 
12 
7'ft 
7+4 
7*4 
IO 
6 
S H 
5 H 
46o 
6 ‘ s 
6' 8 
6+8 
41 
36 
35*. 
36 
16 
3 ’ b 
3'A 
3+4 
2 
5 H 
5’ft 
S H 
6 
9 
S H 
8 U 
7 
9 H 
9*8 
9 H 
3 
26*8 
76 
76 
6 io n 
IO U io n 
15 

 l l 

5 H 
5’ ? 
5*8 

3 
14 
U H 
U - 8 
18 
6 H 
6 H 
6 H 
47 
SH 
4*8 
5’ 8 

2 
F 38 
2*8 
I ' 8 — ’n 
7 
13' ? * 
4 7 8 A 
7>8 
43t - 
IO 
7 8 . . 
2 
8*4 
2+ft. 
I 
- 
I G 
6 
A 
1*8 
6 
4 
1634 
7*8 - 
3*4 F 
5 G 
35' 4 
4^4 
16*4 
173e F 
IO 
17'« 

I 16 
- 'n 

N e w b E n 
N e w co r 
N e w p rk 
N e xus 
N 'a u F S v 
N ic h o ls 
Noel kid 
N o'ex 
N or A m R 
N o rC d n O 
N oel D ta 
N u m a cO 

44 
18 
3’ 2 
J U 
3' 2 
9 
55 
21*8 
2oH 
21+4 + 
*8 
6 
4o 
1+4 
I U 
1+8 . 
3 
’ ? 
+2 
'? 
43 
T H 
2+4 
2 + 4 - 
+t 
5 
23 
8*4 
8 + 2 
8 H 
1oo217 
12 
11+2 
12 
+ 
1'j 
4 
52 
4+. 
4 
4+8— 
'ft 
117 
5 
3’ 2 
3*ft 
3 ’ 2. . 
IO 
9 
4+4 
4+. 
4+4. . 
6 
I 
1o+8 
IO 
IO 
— 
'ft l l 
2 
29 
28 *'4 
29 
A 
V. l l 
14 
16"? 
16 
16+2 + 
+/. 
8 
26 
I*'* 
1 H 
1*/. A 'ft 
1o7 
7 
34 
33+4 
33+4 - 
3( 
IO 
36 
1o*8 
1o+8 
IO' e— 
'ft 
o 8 
3 
15 +x 
15*8 
1 5 * 8 - 
+4 
5 
37 
15+8 
IS3'. 
16 
+ 
*s 
6 
I 
TOU 
2o + r 
2o+ft 
6 
23 
6+8 
5 H 
S H ­ 
'ft 
6 
3 
1*8 
1*8 
I H A 
I* 
5 
I 
U H 
U H 
U H f 
+4 
3 
6 
4 
4 
4 
- 
' t 
5 
2 
2+4 
2+/. 
2 V . - 
'ft 
3o 
IO 
4+2 
4+8 
4+2. . 
9 
5 
14"? 
14+8 
14' 2 
IO 
24 
7*8 
7’ 2 
7' 2 * 
' I 
16 
7 
9 H 
9*8 
9 H T 
23 
38 
17*8 
12+2 
U H 

The Market In Brief 
NY Stock Exchange Issues 
Thirsty. March 3 

MARKET BAROMETER 

Averages 

VOLUME 

At a G lance 

New Y ork Stock Exchange 
8o8 a d v a n c e s , 559 d e c lin e s 
M o st a c tiv e C ontlO il34+2—-V 
Sales 
17,56o.ooo 
Index 
54 79 ‘ o 23 
B onds . 416,7oo,ooo 
A m erican Stock Exchange 
3o1 a d v a n c e s . 291 d e c lin e s 
M ost a c tiv e H u s k y O il2 4 G + I 
Sales 
2,23o,ooo 
Ind e x 
11115 * o 13 
Bonds 41,23o.ooo 

W h at Stocks D id 

A dva n ces 
D e clin es 
U n changed 
T o ta l issues 
N ew 1976 77 h ig h s 
N ew 1976 77 lo w s 

P re v 
T o da y d ay 
8o9 
68/ 
561 
7o1 
5oo 
484 
187o 
1867 
22 
26 
7 
9 

N Y S I In to 
54 78 ♦o.23 

S & P Comp loo n *o 43 

A p pro xim ate New Y ork Stock Sales 
4,o4o,ooo 

6 , 8 4 o , o o o 
.. 9,19o,ooo 
11.77o.ooo 
14.2oo.ooo 
17.56o.ooo 

Dow lows I i i 
M I M ♦85? 

N Y S E 
A M E X 

V O LU M E STATISTICS 
A d v a n c e d 
D e c lin e d 
9,625,89oshares 4,436,27oshares l,2 6 9 ,4 o o s h a re s 4 8 o ,7 5 o s h a re s 
Leaders 

DOW JONES A V E R A G E S 
N e w Y o rk (A P )F in a i D o w Jones a v e ra g e s 
STO CKS 
Open 
H ig h 
Lofci C lose 
Chg 
3o Ind 943.32 
951 88 
94o 16 948 64 4 
6 57 
TO T m 223 61 
225 o2 
222 2o 224 OO 4 
o 55 lS U tl 
1o6 37 
1o7 o1 
1o5 73 1 o6 53 * 
o.41 
65Stk 3o8 78 
31o 71 
3o6 89 3o9 5 1+ 1 67 
Indus 
1,388,5oo 
T ra n 
254,ooo 
U tils 
386.5oo 
65 S tk 
2.o29,ooo 

BONOS 
2o B onds 
9o 81—o o3 
IO P u b lic U tilitie s 
96 21 + o 18 
IO In d u s tria ls 
85 47—o 24 
C o m m o d ity fu tu re s In d e x 
417.87 *-4 88 

STO CK A V E R A G E S 
C o m p ile d by The A sso cia te d P re ss 
3o 
IS 
15 
6o m d 
R a ils U til. S to cks 
N et C han g e 
42.6 
*.1.o 
+ o .3 
Thu 48o 5 
2o6 2 
17o 3 
326.5 
P re v D a y 
Week ago 
M o n th ago 
Y ea r ago 
1976 77 H ig h 
1976 77 L ow 
1975 H ig h 
1975 LOW- 

477 9 
473 6 
481 5 
479.2 
499 3 
424 4 
456 o 
315 9 

7o5 2 
2o4 4 
2o5 3 
173 6 
2o7 6 
149 3 
155 7 
131 6 

12o o 
17o 2 
122 2 
1o2 4 
124 7 
99 5 
1o3 7 
84 7 

1.5 

325 o 
323 I 
327 6 
3o3 7 
334 o 
271 5 
286 4 
216 8 
B O N D A V E R A G E S 
C o m p ile d by The A s s o c ia te d P re ss 
IO 
IO 
IO 
IO 
IO 
R a ils in d .U h l. F g n . I. yd 

O e k w d H uvr 4 
O ffs h o re 
A 
O h io A rt 74a 6 
O hioB 
2a 
O H a lnd 
2oe 
O nL in eS 
O O klep 
O rio le H o 
O r rn and 
O utd r Sp 
O v e rb D r .SO 
O z a rk A lOe 

75 
1or 5 
7 

( ) 
1 
3 
1 
5 x6 
9 
I 
13 
17 
12/4oo 
2 

V G 
17' A 
6*8 
44 3 4 
9 
19' 8 
35'? 
6‘ e 
2’ ? 
7 H 
I I G 
4G 

V G 
17 
6 G 
44 
9 
18*8 
35 >8 
6 '8 
2' 2 
7*8 
I I G 

V G ......... 
1 7 G + G 
6 G — Mi 
44 
>; 
9 
+ 
Vt 
18*8 
' . 
35' ?+ l* i 
6' 8 
'1 
2 '? 
. 
7 *8 F ' I 
11*8. 
4 G I 
G 

P F Ind 
P N B M R w t 
P G E p f A I 5o 
P G E p fB I 37 
P G E p tO I 25 
P G E p fG I 2o 
P G E p fT 7 54 
P G E p f S 2 67 
P G E p fH I 12 
P G E p f R 2 37 
P G E p fP 2 o5 
P G E p tO 
2 
P G E p fM I 96 
P G E p fL ? 25 
P G E p fK 2 (M 
P G E p f J 7 37 
P H o id g 
16 
P H o id p f I 7o 
P ar L f p f 4 36 
Pac L l pf 4 4o 
Pac L f p f 4 5o 
PNW Tel I 37 9 
P a iiC o rp 4o 13 
P a lo m rF 
138 

1*8 
I ' ? l l 3 16 3 16 
IO 
17G 
K U 
16 
14' ? 
14’ a 
29'? 
79G 
13G 
27G 
74 
73' ? 
23'? 
25 G 
23G 
27 
14*e 
19 G 
51V 

I 
I 
43 
2o2 
3 
I 
25 
1o1 
IO 
7 
4 
2o 

 l l 
2 
1 19o 
/25oo 51'? 
I IO 
5 V ? 

HOliyCp 
IO 
Hor m et I 17 
7 
•tosoM 
6o*' 76 
-touseVt 
32 12 
HOSAAInn 
21 

Ate l l 
18 
77 
3 
IO 
IV l l 1o7 
9 
7o 
5 
9 
5 
7 

 e x P et 
CD I Cp 
C M B F d 
CMC CP 
C M ICP 
C R 5D "S 
CSE CP 
C a b k o m 
Cat dor 
C a lc o m p 
Cai P U C 
C am i o 
Ca Ch bA 
C a m p in 
C d 'lF xp o5*■ 11 
C dnM om O 
18 
C d ln P A I 5o 
7 
C d n M a rc TO 'o 
Cdn M e rr l l 
C d n O c o 
5o 
7 
C dnS upO 
9 f a p e h a rt 
C a p itlF d 7o 
5 
* ar esse 
3o 

/ I 

I IO 

C a rn a l I 8o 13 
C a ro P ip l lb 
C a rn P L p f 5 
C a rro l D v 
C a s tle A M 
I 
7 
C asF d I 3oa 
C a s tie tn 
8 
C av<trn 
17e 17 
CetluC M 
9 
C enM p t3 SO 
C e raser 
5oe 
Cen v ill 
I 75 
C e rM p f7 25 
C e rtro n 
C ater Cp 
C ham pM o 
C h a rtM d 
C h em E x 
C h 'R iv I 6oa 
C hun D in 
Ch ild W id 
C h ris tn a 
IO* 
C>ne F iv e 

 iG s F I 6e rm n t rkC lOe rkso n 2o ro s la t using 

9 
17 
7o 
5 
TO 

5 
SO 
7 
129 
3 
I 
1 
5 
7* 
6 
19 
72 
5 
/IOO 
27 
2 
7 
I 
IO 
21 
19 
/ IOO 
3 
I i 
6 

JJ 
3' 8 
6' 8 
9 
3 
7' 8 
17 
9 G 
13' 1 
3G 
17' ? 
6' 

AV A 
3 
6 
8*8 
2 G 
7 
U G 
V G 
I I G 
3G 
17*8 
6 

JJG 
3 
6 
8 G 
3 
7G i 
12 
1 
VG 
13*8 ' 
3*8 
I7 G 
6 

HoWfffC 
4Ue 
7 
Howe) I 
ISe 3 
H u be tiA I 5o IO 
HudsnG n 
Hud BO 
I 57 8 
H u ffm a n 5o 
H untH lt 15*. 
HuSkyO 
8o 
H v c e lln c 

835 1635 1635 I * 
I 
6 '» 
C l 
TOG 
TG 
U G 
15*8 
39' ? 
IG 
3G 
5 
77’ ? 
U G 
6o ’ a 
4*8 
16-8 
!7 7b 
7 
17 *» 
7 G 
4o' I 
6 
U G 
23 

5 
6' a 
6 G 
197b 
3G 
U G 
15' ? 
39' 4 
I G 
3G 
4 G 
77 
U G 
6o’ ? 
4*8 
1**8 
IT G 
2 
U G 
TG 
4o'4 
6 
18' ? 
237a 
44 i i 
I 
7 8 i i 
5 
2 '. 
2 'a 
119 
3* 2 
3*8 
5 
IO 
4' 2 
4' 2 
S U 
J U a 
? 
TSU 
TSH 
U 
K ll* / 
IT 
7 
7 io n 
TO1 2 
6 IO 
3*8 
3*8 

 yay 
16 

I 
34*. 
1*8 
IO to 
W G 

I G 
IC 2 
TG 
1oG 
* ' 2 
TG 
IO-*. 
44, 
U G 
7* 8 
IS* t 
3 
I * 7. 

8 
W 

H O G h m m 

■ P V 
3 Jar 

34* 
I * 
V G 
V G 
W G 
I G 
9 / 
7*8 

V G 
4G 
1o 
4 
W G 
IG 
I ' A 
IS G ll * 2 
* ' * 
3G 
U G 
14* 8 
79 G 
7 G 

71 
4' 2 
JAG 
3o*4 

5 
6' 8 
6*8 
2o 
I G 
U G * 
15* r - 
39' 1 
I G * 
3G * 

72 
U G 
6o' 2 
4 * t 
16*8 
IT G * 
2 
- 
12G 
3 ' b 
4 o G - 
6l r 
*8 
TG 
3 G 
4' 2 
37B . 
25' a 
I I G 
IO' ? 
3*8 
4 
1*8 l l * 2 
77B * 
W G 
6' 2 
2*8 
W G 
4*8 • 
U 
• 
7*8 
U G . 
3*8 
U G 
I V 
• 
- 
34G 
1*8 
9*8 
W 
I 
W G 
I G - 
1o*4 
TG 
I G 
1o 
4 G 
1o*4 

11 

 p irn 
2U IS 

 to u O ilM 8o 231o58 
1 
2 
17 
2 
8 
2 
4 
4 
5 
3 
81386 
IS 
6 

U G 
W G 
2o' 2 
4*8 
U G 
I 
8 G 
IO 8 
7G 
TG 
1*4 
IG 
3 
5G 
6' 8 
6G 
5*4 
76 G 
7*e 
4' J 
8 '8 
49 G 
IS’ 2 
4 
34G 
5 
33G 
U G 
3*» 
2 4 '4 
4 

13 
IO' 2 
2o 
4G 
12' 2 
I 
8' ? 
9*4 
7G 
7 
1*4 
I ' 2 
3 
5 ' b 
6 
6' 8 
5’ » 
{6*8 
77b 
4G 
S a 
46* 8 
15' 2 
4 
34' 4 
5 
3 3 'j 
U G 
3*8 
23 8 
3*8 

13' 4 -t G 
IO' 2 . 
2o 
- G 
4 *8 + *4 
U G t G 
I 
8 * 8 * 
G 
IO 
- *8 
7' 4— G 
7G 
IG 
I G - G 
3 
5 G 
6 ' 8 
6 G - ' a 
5 G * * * 
2 6 G - G 
7 G - 1 8 
4 G 
B G - 'a 
49' a * 2 G 
15’ 2 
4 
- 'a 
34' 2 
5 
......... 
33' 2 
. 
U G - G 
3*8 
2 4 '4 *1 
3 * 8 t 
' 8 

P a n d e iB 
F a n ta s t 
3o 
P arson s 
8o 
P atF a sn 
F a ta p on 
P atoC G I 2oe 
P e e rfu 2oa 
Pern co r 
2o 
Pen E M 6oa 
P e n T r I 2ob 
P E C p 
4ot 
P e n R lE I 15 
PenobS 2oe 
Pen Iro n 
P e rin i 
3oa 
PiY tec 
P e tro le 
P b ilL D 631- 
P hoenix 
P ic N P a v 2o 6 
P ie d m n f 
4 
P io n e e rs 
P ion Tex 
8o 
6 
P itD M I 2oa 
5 
P ittw a y 17e l l 
P la n t m d 
P ta n trn 
OH 14 
I ’ ly G e m S it 
7 
-P p nu Sea 8o 
P oloro n 
P o ly c h r 291 
9 
P ra irie O 
16 
P ra ttL m b I 
7 
P ra tt Rd 
3o 6 
P ra ttR p f 6e 
P re riH a I 12 12 
P re s R tB 
P re sle y 
IO 
P re sto n 
7o 
9 
P rp C T t 2o*’ IO 
P ro v C as 8o 
8 
P rd R IE 
16 83 
P ru d B d g 24 
5 
P u lte H 
6 
P u n ta G 
17 
Due bec o r 
5 

8 
1o 
I 
9 
6 
37 
I 
14 
53 
5 
11 
3 
1 
23 
5 
J 
3 
7 
2o 
26 
2 
22 
3 
1 
25 
3o 
35 
2 
78 
78 
2 
8/3oo 
23 

18*. 
31*8 
1*8 
4 
5 'a 
23 
3 
4*8 
8' 1 
6 G 
8*8 
VG 
29’ ? 
4 G 
U G 
4 *. 
IG 
7 G 
7*2 
16' 8 
TG 
3G 
V G 
2G 
I G 
9 
26*8 
35*8 
6*8 
U G 
4 '. 
13*. 
3 G 
I 
9*8 
U G 
SG 
8+b 
22 
7*8 
1o*8 
13 
I I G 
1o 
7 G 
4*8 
6 G 
?7a 
S G 

16 
14' 1 
14 
78G 
TV's 
13G 
2 7 '. 
23G 
2 3 '. 
22G 
25*8 
23G 
2 6 '. 
U G 
19G 
5 IG 
51' ? s r ? 
18 *4 
31G 
1*8 
A 
SG 
227e 
3 
4G 
8 G 
6' 8 
B G 
9' 2 
29' 1 
4' a 
U G 
4G 
I 
7G 
TG 
U G 
7’ a 
3G 
VG 
?' a 
I G 
8*8 
75*4 
35*8 
6' 7 
U G 
4*4 
U G 
3 G 
7 
V G 
U G 
5’ ? 
BG 
21*8 
T G 
W G 
U G 
I I G 
V G 
2’ 2 
4 G 
6*4 
2 G 
5 G 

I G . . 
3 16 
17*8— G 
16 
+ G 
14' ? . 
14 
29 
4. 
29*8 
1 3G — 
27 G 
G 
24 
H G 
23'4 
G 
?2G - ' a 
2 5G t 
G 
23V4— G 
77 t ' j 
U G - G 
I V '. * G 
51G * I 
51G * IG 
S IG * 
G 
W G 
31*8 
'2 
I G 
- ’ « 
4 
+ ' I 
5*8 - ' I 
73 
+ '2 
3 
4 G 
8 G + 'J 
6 G * G 
8 7e * 1 f 
V G - 
’ 4 
2 9 '2 + V. 
4' 8 
U G — 
4 G - G 
I G . 
T G - G 
TG H 
Mi 
16 
‘ 
*4 
7 G * ’ 1 
3*18— *1 
V G , 
... 
2 G — G 
I *4 i 
G 
87b * ’ 1 
76' 4 ‘ I 
35G - 'v 
6 : J— U 
U G 
4G 
U G - 
33» - '4 
7 
+ ', 
9 G + M 
U G — '. 
5'-2— G 
• G + 
22 
+ 
2G + 
W G + 
13 
+ 
IV 2 
IO 
2 G - 
4* 4 . . 
6 G + 
278 
5 G 

D lv . 
P E Sales 
H 
R a tio (bds) 
Clo Net 
Ch»» 

T im p te 
T o k h e im BO 
7 
T o 'E d p f 
IO 
ToppsG u 28 
7 
T o rm C p 
6o 7 
Tot al Pet 
8 
T o tP e t w t 
T otal pf 
7o 
T o w n C try 
T ra n s L u x 
T re d w y o5* 
A 
T riS tM lr RO 
6 
T ric o lOe 
9 
T u b o s M 
17e 
T u ftc o 
2oe 
6 
T u rn rC I 44 
7 
T w in F a ir 
7 

75 
» 
9 
9 
17 
75+4 
24+/. 
24’k i­ 
/SO 
1o8 
1o8 lo s 
9 
6H 
6*8 
6*8 
5 
13+8 
13'8 
13+8 l l 
6H 
6+4 
6 + 4 - 
79 
7’ 8 
2’ 8 
2’ 8 
75 
IS 
14H 
15 
+ 
7 
TH 
2*8 
2H 
S 
2+4 
2+4 
2+4 
B 
3 
3 
3 
4 
1o+4 
1o+4 
IO U 
16 
7' 8 
6 H 
7 H + 
261211 1625 16211 16 
6 
8+4 
7 U 
8 
+ 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
S ales. 4 p m . p ric e 
I and n e t ch an ge o f the fifte e n m ost a c tiv e 
New 
Y o rk 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e issues, tra d in g n a tio n a lly a t m o re th a n $1 

2o 

U & l 
12oa 
U I PCp 
16 
UN ACP 
U R SCp 
7oe 
U V In d w t 
U n im a x 
U n im a x pf 
U n io n ln v 
32 
U n A irP d 56 
7 
U n A s b s t 
2 
U n B ra n d w t 
Un Foods 
U N a tC p 
U S F iltr 
28 
9 
U n R ltT 83C 13 
U nR IIT w t 
U S N tR s 
5 
Uni tpk 
3o 13 
U n ity B u y 
6 
U niv Cig 
o5 
4 
U n iv C o n t 
12 
U n iv R s 2oe 14 
U n iv R o n 57 5 
U nvS av 
48 
4 

74*8 
2 4 'e 
33+ _ 3 G 

13*8 
3*2 
I 7 8 
4' 8 
4 7 8 
8 
4*8 
SG 
VG 

13*4 
3*8 
I G 
4G 
4 G 
7 G 
4 G 
51/4 
9*8 

9 7 16 7 16 
IG 
I 'J 
2 
I G 
U G 
U 
B G 
B 's 
1o 5 16 5 16 
4 G 
4 G 

24’ 8 
3 * . 

133+ — 
3+8— 
I 7# - 
4*8 
4G - 
8 
4+8 
5’ 2 
V a 
7 
U K 
7 16 
I ' l 
2 

Cont G il 
D eere Co 
G u lf O il 
Texaco Inc 
M a rr io tt 
O cciden P et 
A k a n A lo 
Dow 
Ch 
Gen 
M o to rs 
E x x o n 
A m T elS iTel 
S ou the rn Co 
N a t 
Sem en 
W ise E l P ow 
Sony C orp 

3o9.9oo 
3o2.1oo 
767.2oo 
193.8oo 
19o.8oo 
171,5oo 
16o.2oo 
144.3oo 
141.4oo 
136,6oo 
134.9oo 
127.1oo 
176.8oo 
126.3oo 
125.4oo 

34 / 
>. 
2 8**-* >„ 
29G + 
G 
2 8 'a + G 
W G — G 
2 4 G + ’ J 
2 7*8 + G 
36*8 
71 G F 
+8 
5 2 '8 
63*8+ G 
1 6 G ......... 
19 
+ 
*8 
3o 
9+8— *8 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
S ales, 4 p m p ric e 
I,m d n e t ch a n g e o f the ten m o s t a c tiv e 
A m e ric a n 
S to ck 
E x c h a n g e issu es, tra d in g n a tio n a lly a t m o re th a n $1 

1— G 

H u sky O il iH o u O ilM 
|F ilm v ? a y s 
K a is e r le d iG tB a s Pet 
S yntax C orp g a r la n d 
JH 
K ew anee 
I V e rn itro n 
US F ilte r 

In 

138,6oo 
1o5.8oo 
84.9oo 
66.7oo 
46.ooo 
38.ooo 
36.4oo 
34.7oo 
34,3oo 
32,1oo 

24' 4 ♦ I 
49’ 8 + 2+4 
1o'+ + 
W G * 
638 + 
2o'/%— 
2o 
- 
4o* 8 
7 G . 
13+8 + 

 r$ e tL h n q + o I 
Thu 53 6 
84 6 
P re y D a y 
53 5 
W eek ago 
53 6 
M o n th ago 53 6 
Y ea r ago 
5o 4 
1 
9 7 
6 
7 
7 
+ 5 4 I 
8 6 3 
19 7 6 77 LOW 48 4 
1975 H iqh 
49 2 
1975 LOW 
46 I 

O I 
+ o 1 u n c h 
— 
94 9 
1o1 6 83.3 
84 5 
94 8 1o1 6 
83 5 
84 5 
94 9 94 
2 
83 5 
85 1 
94 7 94 
o 
83 6 
78 8 
89 9 1oo 1 
84 3 
H 
I g 
9 6 o 
1 o 2 o 
8 5 
75 6 
86 7 94 
o 
76.7 
76 9 
86 8 IOO 5 
76 5 
71 8 
81 9 99 
4 
69 4 

STANDARD AND POOR 

 and 

Bank, Trust, Insurance Stocks 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g b id a nd asked q u o ta b on s, s u p p lie d b y the N a tio n a l A s s o c * a tio n o f 
S e c u ritie s 
D e a le rs , in c ., a re not a c tu a l tra n s a c lio n s b u t a re re p re s e n ta tiv e in te r d e a le r p ric e s as of a p p ro x im a te ! y 
33o o rn .at w h ic h these s e c u ritie s co u ld h a v e been p u r chased a sked or sold b id 
In te r d e a le r m a rk e ts chanqe th ro u g h o u t the d a y P ric e s do n ot in c lu d e re ta il m a rk u p , m a rk d o w n or com m issio n 
S tock 
B id 
Ask 
A ffil Bnc 
15+4 16+4 
Ala B ncp 
A ll B ncsn 
A B T Pa 
A F le tc h 
A S L F la 
A S L U ta 
A m e r Sec 
A r i/ Bnk 
A tln t Bcp 
Banc C rt 
Banc F*on 
Banc Pop iB a nO h io 
B an cO kl 
B ncst' NJ 

E q u t S BL 
13+8 
U U 
E x c h Bcp 
IO 
IO’ ? 
F id e l c r 1 
24+? 25+4 
F id e l A B 
16' 7 17’ 7 
F ifth Thi 
28' ? 29+? 
F s tM e rc 
19 + 4 2o’ 2 
F t A la B k 
23 
24 
F t A m Tn 
IO’ 7 l l 
F tB n O h 
25’ ? 26’ 7 
Ft Bn Ala 
U U 
13 
F t Bk F la 
6 U 
6 * . 
F t Bk Sys 
4o 
4o+4 
F t Bk SC 
24’ ? 25’ ? 
F tC m Bk 
U U 
U U 
F t Conn 
ZZ 
23’ 7 
F i E m p s i 
8+4 
8+4 
Ft F n F la 
5 + 4 
6+4 
F tH a w a i 
73’ . 
24-4 
F tlllC p 
13 
13+2 
F tJ e rN t 
137 a 14! ii 
F tK y N a t 
27 + 728’ ? 
F tL in c Fn 
5 U 
5*4 
F I M a rin 
3 ’ft 
4+4 
F t NVI Bn 
23 
23*. 
F s tN B c p 
78’ .JO U 
F tN B n c s 
19 
TO 
2 3 '. 24*. 
29*8 3o*6 
18 
IV 
17G 18 
23*. 2 4 '. 
15 
15G 
42G 43' j 
13G W G l l 1. 12' ? 
5 G 
6' + 
19 
2o’ 2 
19G 2 o '. 
18G 1VG 
16 
17 
24 
26 

F s tN C ion 3o*431’ * 
F tN H G a 
71+4 22' ? 
F s tN H Bk IS' 2 17 
F s tO k le B 
8’ 2 
9 

Bk D e la w 26’ . 2 8 '. 

N E W Y O R K 
(A P ) 
- 
S ta n d a rd 
P oo r's 5oo S tock In d e x to r T h u rs d a y 
H igh 
L o w 
Close 
Chg 
4oo In d u s t 
112 74 
111 31 
112 29 + o.57 
2o T ra n s p t 
14 o3 
13 86 
13 98 + o o4 
4o U tilitie s 
52 45 
51 83 
52.21+ o 11 
4o F in a nc! 
11 62 
11 48 
11 57 + o o5 
5oo S tocks 
I d 28 
IOO OI 
IOO 88 + o+9 

NEW YORK AVERAGES 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — C lo s in g N e w Y o rk 
Stock E x c h a n g e In d e x 
M a rk e t 
+ S c e n ts 
Ind e x 
54 
79 +o.23 
In d u s tria l 
59 
67 + o 29 
T ra n s p o rta tio n 
4o 38 +o.2o 
U tility 
4o.41 
+ o o 6 
F in a n c e 
54 
89 +o.21 
AMERICAN AVERAGES 

A m e ric a n S tock E x c h a n g e Ind e x 
H iqh 
L o w 
Close 
N e fC h a n g e 
111 15 
U o 9 6 
111.15 
+ o 13 

B k r TrS C 
B ksof la 
B a ro i Bk 
Bass F in l 
B a y B n k 
B oat Boc 
C B T Cp 
C a lif F st 
Cent Cinn 
Cen Sou 
C enB k Sy 
CenC BT 
Cent R ic h 17* 
Cen P enn 
12 
C e nfran 
C e ntr B ks 
C it/S o Cp 
C itS th Ga 
C it/n Fid 
C ity N atl 
C le v T rs 
Col Bncp 
Colo Nat 
Com Bnc 
Com T NJ 
C onnF Sv 
ConB B pt 
Con N o rr 
C ullen Bk 
Dep G u a r 
D e tB k Cp 
Dom Bks 
E q u t Bnp 

V a lle sS t 6?t 
V al m a c 
7o 
V a ls p a r 
78 
V I CNC o2e 
V an D o rn 44 
V eeco 
32a 
V e rn itro n 
V ia te c h 
V ik in g G 
V is u a lG r o5r 
V ol M er 
V u lc ln c 
5o 

7 
2 
4 
3o 
9 
5 
31 
6 
14 
7 
7 
17 343 
I 

W TC in c 
IO 17 
W U I Inc 
8o 
8 
W abash 25e 
7 
W a ckn h t 4o 
7 
W a d e lE q IO 
W a in oco 
18 
W a lla cS 2oe 9 
W a n g L b 
1? 13 146 
W a n q l B 2? U 
45 
W arhC p f o5 
I 
W as Psf B 36 8 
38 
W R IT 
I 76 IS 
I 
W ei m a n 
8 47 
W eldTu A 
West C up 1o 
W s T m i 15a 
W in ta k e r 4o 
W h -trn a ii 
W h itta k r w t 
W ic h ita 
W ils o n B r IO 
W in kl m n 4o 
W o lfH B 
Wood In d 
W o rk W r 
6o 
5 
W eather OSe 13 
W rig h t F4 
U 
W y le L a b 28 
6 
W ynn In 
15e 
W ym Bn 
56 

 l l 
IO 
5 
23 
4 
5 
J 
3 
13 
I 
7 
26 
52 
86 
Sx IO 
8 
18 

32t 
V G 
3 
I G 
U + . 
9*e 
13'.. 

V ' 
6 G l l 
4+. 
2G 
V G 
U G 
7 ** 
33s 
I 
2*8 
7G 
9+4 

 w 

3 G 
74 G 
11+4 
7+4 
2 G 
7*% 
5 
18 
16+4 
4' 7 
22+4 
24+4 
2 * . 
6' + 
8 G 
7+. 
5+4 
7*8 

4*8 
4G 
TG 
2' i 
3+4 l l 
5 
I G 
6*4 
I I G 
U G 

32 
9+4 
TG 
1+4 
14’ 2 
VG 
13+o 

6+» 
W G 
4+* 
2G 
VG 
U G 
7 * . 
3+* 
I 
2 * . 
2G 
VG 

3 G 
2 4 *. 
I I G 
7G 
2 G 
7 * . 
5 
17' 7 
IS G 
4 G 
22’ o 
24+4 
2’ . 
6' + 
8 
7 * . 
5*4 
2 * . 
*o 
4*8 
4 G 
7 G 
23» 
3G l l 
5 
I 
6 * . 
1o+4 
13 

IS H + 
* i 
8 " . 
5 16 
4 U A 
'ft 
37 
- 
1 j 
966 
+4 
2 U 
'ft 
I 3. . 
14*4 
9 I r ­ 
'ft i s h f 
+s 

6*8 + 
'ft l l 
A 
+4 
4*4 . 
7 U 
9 ' 7 A ' i i 
14+4 -f 
+8 
7 '? 

 lip s and Downs 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - The fo llo w in g lis t 
Is h o w s c th e N e w 
Y o rk 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e stocks and w a rra n ts th a t h ave qone up the m ost and dow n th e m o st based on p e rc e n t of ch a n g e re g a rd le s s o f v o lu m e fo r T h u rs d a y 
No s e c u ritie s tra d in g b e lo w S2 a re in c! uded 
N et and p e rc e n ta g e c h a n g e s a re th e d iffe re n c e b etw e en the p re v io u s c lo s in g 

3+H— 
I 
.. . 
7 * . - 
2 '+ + 
9+4 + 

X - Y - Z 

X on ics 
12 
Zero Co 
36 6 
Z im m e r o6*- 8 

17*. 
9' J 
6 

17’ j 
9’ 2 
5 G 

.321 
5 

2o 

JOT 

CHCO 
IC M R 
MC M g 
IS C F in l 
IT IC P 
Im p a i 
Im p G rp o7e 9 
Im p e r in d im p O -lA 86 l l 
In c o trm u in fb g h tS v 
In s tr Sys m sS y p f 2S« 
In te g R e s m trm e d 
In tl A lu m m tB 'ik n t 
In tF d S v c tn t G en Ii 1 
In 'P rc itn in t Seew 25e 
In tS frtc h in tS y C o n 25 in te r pool 
In te r w a y 
In v D v A 2oe in v D v B OSe 
In v R tT r ton ics 
I ro o B i n d p l lr v in In d U t 

V 
3 '. 
3 G 
3 G — 
172 
5G 
5 G 
5 '7.. 
5 
6 78 
6 *» 
6 G + 
22 
2 * . 
7 '. 
2 *» * 
G 
1o15 1615 1615 16 ’ I 16 
6 
5 G 
5 G 
5 * . 
I 

R 

12a 
7oa 

5 
I? 
6*4 
I 
I 
1*8 
18 
I U 
5 
7 
4 ’ 2 
9 
2 
1*4 
5 
19 
H H 
5 l l 
A 

SO 

5 
IO 
J 
IO US 
I 
VO 5 
IO 

I 
2*« 
21 G 
U ’ 1 
IG 
IG 
W G 
I G 
7*4 
13+4 
3* j 
1*8 
U G 
6+» 
I G 
I G 
27 G 
IS ** 
167 8 
18' 7 
4*4 
6*4 
17*4 
U+4 
6 G 

7 8 
71G 
14 
I G 
I 
W 
IG 
I G 
U G 

 f t 
14 
6' 8 
BG 
IG 
7 4 *. 
15*4 
U G 
18 ■ 
4 G 
6 
17'4 
U G 
6 

1+8 
TG 
21+» 
U * I * 
I G - 
I G + 
IO 
- 
K b + 
TG 
U G + 
3 G ♦ 
1*8 
U G * 
6G 
8+4 
V J 
27G * 
U G * 
16 + 4 • 
W 7 I 
4+4 I 
6' 8 - 
ITG 
14+4 
6G ■ 

R B m d o8+ 
R E D M 
R E T 
R H M ed 
R S C Ind 
R IC Cp 
P aeon 
R a qa n B 15+ 4 
R«wichEx 
22 
R a n g rO 
58 
R an s b rq 
8o 
5 
R a p d A m w t 
R a th P 
R a y m P r 5o 18 
R e ad in g 
R tln + T I I Se 5 
R ltR c f I 6 le 9 
ReevesT 
R egal B 
57 
9 
Ret G rp w t 
R em Arf- 
8oa 
6 
R +pH ous 
R i-pN Y 
BR 
5 
R+SChCtl o8 17 I U 
R .-siS ttlx 6o 
7 
16 
R e s rts A 
TO IOO 
R e s rts B 
3 9/15o 

6 
4 
7 
I l l 
4o W 

4 
8 

J a ctyn 
4o ta t o os 
45+ 
Ja m s w y 
oSr le a n n + t 
4o 
JefroniC 
(o h n P d 
36 
J u nip e r P tu O ile r 

7 l l ' * 
9*4 
12 
3 
I G 
3H 
S' a 

I 
IT 
VG 
U 
3 
TG 
3G 
S 

K T e lln 
45+ x a is r tn d 26 x a n e M itl w t 
* a pok T lOr 
K a y C p 
TO x en w in 34.1 x e ti.ru x i>w,«nee x + y s tln a x .<jde w t 
K in A rk x n gO p t 
K ing Rd 
X irb v E 
K it M ig 
Sn*:Til 

8 66/ l l 
I 
7 
27 
5 
6 
2 
I 
I 
77 l l 347 
3o 
4 
2 
7 
79 

 im 

2o+ 

7 

7 
I 
U 13o 
9 
St 
6 
7 l l 13o 
36 IO 
7 
IO 
4 

3 
U G 
4*8 
4+4 
6 
I G 
SG 
41G 
7 G 
I ' l 
I G 
IG 
• 
3o*8 
SG 
6+8 
IS *4 
16+8 
77 
AG 

I 
ISG 
4G 
4 G 
S G 
I G 
SG 
4o' 4 
7G 
I G 
I G 
I G 
8 
28’ 4 
S 
6 G 
IS 
16G 
6+« 

7 
- 
17+4 I 
VG 
12 
1 
3 
' 
H G - 
3 G 
S 

3 
U G * 
4'4 
4+4 + 
S 7 8 
I G 
SG 
4 oG 
7+4 
I G + 
I G 
I G 
I 
- 
SOG t 
S' 4 
6*8 
U G 
U+b * 
6' 1 < 

Rest Asse 
R ib te tP d 
R ic h to n 76+ 
RUev CP 
Rio A iq m 
RtVdon 
R obntch 
R oW ln 
R ug+rs 
R o ssm r 
R oyB usF 
R u d d ic k 
12e 5 
R u d ic k p f 36 
Russet* 
+o 
4 
R u s t C t! 
AO 
8 
R y a n H 
SO IO 

 s o sec 
S S P Ind 33+ 26 
ST PCP 
8o 17 
S a te tra n 
6 
S alem 
Bvt 
6 
S C arto 
63e sD'iO t il 
VO 
SDgo p f V 68 
SF r RE 
ISe 77 
SF R F w t san JW I SO 
I 

I G 
U G 
71G 
I I G 
I G 
4 G 
77G 
JM. 
9+4 
19' 7 
? G 
8 7b 
V t 
16' » 
1*8 
2SG 
19 G 
21G 
9 '* 
17+4 
I G 
4*8 
7 G 
27 G 
23*8 
IS G 
14' 7 
4 G 
U G 
4+4 
' 7 
3+4 
7+4 
8 
I I G 
17G 

6*» 
I G 
I G 
4 G 
1+4 l l 
4 
7'8 
16 
TOG l l ' 7 
1 
4 G 
27G 
2G 
9*4 
19' » 
2 7 
I G 
V t 
U G 
K b 
25' ? 
I I G 
21 
I G 
U G 
I G 
4 G 
7 
22 
25 G 
IS G 
14 
4 
U G 
4+4 
+» 
5 ' 4 
7+4 
7 G l l 
IT G 

6+4 
IG 
IG 
4 G 
1*4 
I I G * 
' 
4 
* ' 
7 G 
U 
- ' 
21 
♦ i 
IV r - 
1 
.. . 
4G 
2 7G + 
2'4 * 
9+4 
19' j 
2 G - 
8 G— 
I G 
U G 
IG 
25' 7 — 
1 9 *t + 
21 
- 
9+4 + 
U G ♦ 
I G 
4*» + 
7 G 
22*8 + 
2 5G + 
ISG — 
U G + 
4 G 
U G 
4+4 

 a m e x s a l e s 
A p p ro x tin a l to ta l 
. 
.. 
S tock sales ye a r ago tp p ro x fin a l bond 
Bond sales y e a r ago 

I 
7 
3 
1 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 ho h i 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
IV 
.-o bt 
172 

2,23o.ooo \] ] 
3.678.655 25 
SI.23o OOO 1 
St,279.ooo 

24*4 
11 + 2— 
'ft 
7 'ft . 
2' 2 
7 H + 
Vt 
5 
— 
'ft 
K H * 
*r 
1 6+4- 
H 
4 '? . 
2 2 's - 
*8 
24*4 
'8 
2*8 
6+4 
S U 
2+8 
5*4 - 
'ft 
2+4 
*8. . 
4*8 A 
H 
4 +4— 
'ft 
7 H 
7’ 1 
3+4 l l 
- 
'ft 
5 
I 
— 
'ft b t A A fft 
1o+4 ~ tft 
13+4 A 
' 3 

17' 2 + 
9*7 

N a m e 
P la y b o y E n 
C h iM ilw "C p 
T e le p ro m p 
S uC rest 
In te rs t U n it 
D ta m M D ril 
Ine xco O il 
H u nt C hem 
F a ra h M fg 
Cen I rn D a ta 
O u tle t Co 
G IIM tg R lty 
A m W W k Sp! 
A m te l Inc 
C h a rte r Co 
Jon L ogan 
M d n ty r M n 
S tokeVC p l 
G ab le Ind 
N at S em i en 
N rw s tln w t 
P u r im Fash 
R e lia n pf B 
T elex C orp 
B rw n q F e r 

N a m e 
U A L Inc pf 
A rc tic 
E n t 
V a E P 4 12pt 
B anquet B 
C h a s e M T r 
C h ris C ra ft 
A pp td M a g 
S ystron Don 
M a y s JW 
A i leon 
Inc 
C la rk O il 
N S P w 4 U p ! 
D ia m S h p fD 
H ospC p A m 
B a ll 
C orp 
F lix ir Ind 
S p a rto n Cp 
B la ir 
John 
M o rse Shoo 
P ne u m o 
Cp 
U n iv F d s 
CIU P neuT 
C u rtis s 
W 
R o n s o n 
Un J ^ ju ^ e a r 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - The fo llo w in g lis t shows the A m e ric a n 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e stocks a nd w a rra n ts th a t h a v e gon e up the m ost and dow n W e m ost based on p e rc e n t o f ch a n g e re g a rd le s s of v o lu m e tor T h u rs d a y 
No s e c u ritie s tra d in g b e lo w $2 a re in c ! uded 
Net and p e rc e n ta g e c h a n g e s a re th e d iffe re n c e b etw een th e p re v io u s clo s in g s 4 p m . p ric e . p ric e a n d to d a y 's 4 p .rn p ric e 
U P S 
U P S 
L ast 
Chg 
P ct 
N a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
P ct 
8*8 
+ 
1’ e 
Up 
15 5 
I 
M e re a n t In d 
2 H 
+ 
H 
U p 
31.3 
7 H 
+ 
U p 
12.5 
2 
G IT m d 
2 
+ 
*8 
Up 
23 I 
B H 
+ 
Up l l 3 
3 
A nd re a R ad 
3+e 
+ 
*8 
Up 
13 6 
8+2 
+ 
*4 
Up 
9 7 
A 
Int Sys Cont 
27*8 
A 3+8 
Up 
17.7 
6 
I ’ J 
Up 
9 1 
5 
E d m o s C orp 
Z‘ ? 
* u 
Up l l I 
19'4 
-F 
Up 
8 5 
6 
H a m p tn Ind 
5 'ft 
+ 
' 2 
Up 
IO 8 
2 oH 
Up 
8 4 
7 
T u bo s M e r 
211 16 
+4 
Up 
1o 3 
14H 
+ 
V B 
Up 
8 2 
8 
G a rla n d Cp 
4*8 
-+ 
*8 
Up 
9 4 
5 
4- 
Up 
8 I 
9 
A d a m s Rus 
4*8 
-F 
*8 
Up 
8 6 
24+8 
4- 
I J /4 up 
7 6 
IO 
M ille r W ohl 
2 3 'a 
+ 
K b 
Up 
8 5 
22H 
4 
I H 
Up 
6 5 l l 
Dev Cp A m 
7+e 
+ 
'? 
Up 
7 5 
2'8 
4 hB 
Up 
6 3 
17 
E x e c u tv ln d 
13 
4 
H u p 
7 2 
15 
4 
7B 
Up 
6 7 
13 
R e s o rtln tl A 
9 V. 
4 
H 
Up 
7 2 
7*8 
4 
H 
Up 
5 4 
14 
T w m F a irln c 
3*8 
4 
+4 
Up 
Up 
7 1 
4 H 
4 
\,4 
Up 
5 4 
15 
H o lly C orp 
5*8 
4 
*8 
7 o 
U H 
4 
3/4 
Up 
5 4 
16 
S pencer Cos 
3 H 
4 
+4 
Up 
6 9 
79+4 
4 
I 'J 
Up 
5 3 
17 
A m G a rd Pd 
8'e 
4 
' 2 
Up 
6 6 
12' 2 
4 
H 
Up 
5 3 
18 
B ro w nC o w t 
2+8 
4 
' a 
Up 
6 3 
5 'ft 
4 
+4 up 
5 o 
19 
Foote M in i 
8' ? 
4 
+2 
Up 
6 3 
19 
4 
H up 
4 8 TO 
O zark A ir 
4+. 
♦ 
+4 
Up 
6 3 
78' 2 
4 
1+4 
Up 
A 6 
21 
Sup Ind In tl 
6+8 
4 
>8 
Up 
6 3 
7 H 
4 
+• 
Up 
4.5 
ZZ 
H a rttid 7 od y 
4 ** 
4 
'8 u p 
6 I s a n 
4 
2+8 
Up 
4 5 
73 
K irb y E x p 
3 o '/ 
4 
1*8 
Up 
6 I 
TH 
4 
+8 
Up 
4 5 
74 
Irv in Ind 
6*8 
4 
*8 
Up 
6 o 
S U 
4 
*8 
Up 
4 4 
25 
Bel scot R et 
2+4 
4 
'ft 
Up 
5 9 
D O W N S 
Chg 
I ' 2 

DO W N S 
Last 
P ct 
N a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
P ct. 
2o' ? 
— 
O ff 
6 8 
I 
U n A sb Inc 
2 
— l l 16 
O ft 
34 7 
3 H 
— 
1/4 
O ff 
6 I 
2 
B e rq E n t Inc 
7 H 
- 
+4 
O ff 
8 7 
46 
3 
O ff 
6 I 
3 
V is u a lG r 
T H 
- 
+4 
O ff 
8 7 
2 + 8 
+• 
O ff 
5 o 
4 
P ra tt R ead 
5 '? 
- 
1 7 
O ff e 3 
2 H w. 
1 a 
O f! 
4.5 
5 
L ib e rty Fab 
S H 
- 
*8 
O ff 
8 o 
SH 
+4 
O ff 
4 4 
6 
F a b ie n Cp 
3*8 
- 
+« 
O ff 
6 9 
2 H 
+8 
O ff 
4 2 
I 
St 
C o nta nr 
5 ? 
- 
*8 
O ff 
6 4 
5*4 
'4 
O ff 
4 7 
8 
B T U E nqm 
2 
+8 
O ff 
5 9 
3 
+ 8 
O ft 
4 o 
9 
C a stie tn Ind 
2 
+• 
O ft 
5 9 
3' • 
'ft 
O ff 
3 8 
IO 
D e sig nc Jw l 
2 
O ff 
5 9 
19 
J,. 
O ff 
3 8 l l 
Cel lu C ra ft 
2+8 
+• 
O ft 
5 6 
51 
2 
O ft 
3 8 
12 
E h rn c h Ph 
6 '■ 
- 
*8 
O II 
5 6 
32’ a 
- 1+4 
O ff 
3 7 
13 
P ie d m o n t in 
2' a 
- 
+8 
O ff 
5 6 
77' ? 
+8 
O ff 
3 7 
14 
S h u lm n T r E 
J U 
- . 
" , 
O ft 
5 6 
16U 
H 
O ff 
3 6 
IS 
C a rro ts Dev 
4*8 
- 
+4 
O ft 
5 4 
6*4 
' 4 
O ff 
3 6 
16 
L od ge Ship 
2+4 
- - 
+• 
O ff 
5 3 
IO U 
- 
*8 
O ff 
3 6 
K 
N K irm y Cp 
2+4 
- - 
'ft 
O ff 
5 3 
H H 
- 
1 2 
O ft 
3.4 l l 
U V In d w t 
4*8 
- - 
+4 
O ff 
5.1 
IO’ ? 
- 
3» 
O ff 
3 4 19 
B lo un t 
9 ' 2 
— 
'ft 
O ff 
5 o 
17*4 
- 
H 
O ff 
3 4 7o 
O u ro Test 
7'ft 
- 
*8 
O ff 
5.o 
T IU 
— 
*8 
O ff 
3 4 71 in s tru S y s pf 
IO 
• 
'ft 
O ff 
4 8 
77 >o 
- 
H 
O ff 
3 1 77 
J u p ite r In d 
5 
- 
I 4 
O ff 
4 8 
IS H 
- 
' 3 
O ft 
3 I 
73 
P ru d R i Est j i , 
- - 
' 8 
O ff 
4 8 
S H 
'■ 
O ft 
3 I 
24 
R eeves Tei j i , 
_- 
H 
O ft 
4 8 
31H 
- 1 
O ff 
3 1 25 
S im p le x Ind 
? 'ft 
- - 
'ft 
O ft 
4 8 
D o l l a r j ' a d r r h 

U G 17' 
22' 2 24 
16 
16'? 
71/. 
7+4 
77’ a 78 
28’ 2 29G 
37' ? 34' ? 
13’ 8 13*. 
2 4 '4 25' 
14G 14*e 
W G 1o's 
18'4 19+4 
18 
13 
26'4 26G 
5+4 
6+ 
15+4 16* 
7 
7*b 
37' 4 33' 
27 
23' 7 
48 
49 
18 
IV ' 7 
15+4 16 
25 
26 
18*8 18*o 
9*b 
VG 
16 
1 6 '. 
23+. 74*. 
15'2 16 
23+4 24+. 
4 7 'j 48 
U G 15' 
1 5 '. 16*. 

FtS ec SL 
F st Tenn 
F s tT e x F 
F s tU n Bn 
Est U nCp 
F stU Bnc 
F tW n F n 
F la g Bks 
F la Com 
F la N F la 
G nO h SL 
G ira rd 
G rtr J rs y 
H a rtf NC 
H a w i Bnc 
H a w k Bn 
H a w th F 
H e rit Bn/ 
H o r!/ Bp 
H o s p it T r 
H u n tg Bn 
Ida h o F N 
Ind Bksh 
Ind Nat 
In d V a Rh 
L ITCO 
L nd B csh 
L n d B F'a 
L ine 1st 
L in ls t pf 
M ir e L A 
M f rs N Cp 
M a rn e Cp 
M a rs h lls 
M a ry N a l 

42'2 43 
83< 
9 '4 
U G 15 
3 o '4 31' 4 
17’ 'I U G 
15' 1 U G 
2+. 
3 
6 
6G 
I I G U G 
U G U G 
6*8 
7+8 
43'4 44’ J 
11+4 11+4 
14 
14' 2 
12*8 1 3 'e 
14'a 14*. 
U G 12*. 
13 
13' 2 
1o+4 I I G 
25 
27 
28+4 29*4 
39 
41 
23 
74'? 
9*8 IO' B 
2 4'? 2 5 'J 
72' ? 24 
U+2 14 
5*8 
6' 
22G 23' 
12+4 13 
IO 
IO' 2 
31'4 32' ? 
32' ? 34 
36 
37+2 
18* 2 IV ’ 
M e lo n N tl 54 
54+4 
M e r B ncp 79G 3 o ’ e 
M ere Bk 
1 3 '4 13* 
M + rc pf 
M e re t ex 
M ere SL 
M ich N tl 
M id in d B 
M id i B ks 
M id ln t pf 

41' 7 
26'4 
5+4 
3o+4 
19 

43’ 2 
26 '4 
6+4 
31G 
21 
23' 7 24 
73'4 24t/4 

N C N B Cp 
N a tl Ga 
Nat Cent 
N C ity Cp 
N Com N J 
NSB E li/ 
N ev S&L 
N E M B o s 
N J e r NC 
Noes) Bn 
NCal SL 
N rw s t O h 
N o rtr Chi 
O ld N a tB 

I I G U G 
12+4 13+4 
16' ? 18 
41+4 42+2 
29*4 3o*4 
9+4 IO' 2 
8*4 
VG 
IS G I 8+4 
74+4 25' 4 
26’ ? 78 
U G 14*8 
45 
47 
39' 4 4o 
77 +2 28 ' 4 
O ldS tn CP 16*4 17*. 
P an A Bn 
67,e 
73* 
P h ila N a! 
P ittN B 
P ro v N at 
P ro v N pf 
R a in r Bn 
R iga Wsh 
Seat irs t 
Sec N Y S 
Sec Pac 
Shaw Cp 
S ociety 
S oC arN t 
Soot Bk pf 
Soest P a 
StaSt Bos 
S ubur Be 
S u m ito 
SunB F la 
Tenn V a il 
T x A m Bn 
T h rd N a! 
T ru s t G a 
Un N P itt 

32 
32' ? 
38’ ? 39' . 
21*4 27' .- 
22 
24 
42 
42*. 
3V ? 32*4 
32’ ? 33'4 
14*4 1 5 '? 
27'4 27*8 
28 
TV 
33' 2 34' / 
18 
IV 
8 
9 G 
27 
29 
76 
27 
18+8 IS G 
15 
16 
IO '. W ? 
IS 
15’ ? 
24+4 25 
23' 2 74 
24' 2 25' 2 
21 
23 
U n T r Bnc 19*4 TV 4 
U nB k N Y 
71*4 22 
U n B k Col 
IV 7. 2o*b 
U nC a ro B 15' ? 17 
U n M o B 
71 
22 
27G 2 7* h 
74 
25 
5 ' r 
5 '« 
18+4 IV' 

US B n c rp 
UST N Y 
UT en Be 
U V a Bks 
V a il B ncp TV ? 23 
V a l A r i/ 
18*s IV 
V a N Bnk 
2o 
71 
W ilm T r 
39' 2 41+2 
W o rce Bn 
8 G 
9' 
Stock 
B id 
A sk 
A m B In s 
4+4 
5 
6 
6+2 
6+4 
7’ 
15+4 16+4 
3*8 
A G 
9 G 1 o *. 
U G U ' 
4o' ? 41' ? 
A in t R e in 
3o' ? 32 
AN F in l 
IO' 2 1oG 
Am R e in s 2 2'a 22G 
A m Resv 
5+? 
5 G 

A m B L l 
A m F id L 
A m F d rs 
A G u a m 
A H e rita g 
A m in e L f 
A in t G rp 

Asse M ad 
Bk Sec L f 
Ben t St A 
B ent St B 
B M A 
C entenl 
C hubb Cp 
Coast I St 
C ollege U 

2* 
9*8 
8 

3 
VG 
8*4 
8+4 
U G 17 
8 
8+. 
347o 35'n 
5+4 
6 '8 
IO 
IO ' 

V G 1o*« 
16 
16' .1 
49 
49’ J 
18*4 19*4 
28 
79 
24' j 25' ? 
8' 2 
9 
IG 
2' t 

Colon L A 
Com b Ins 
Conn Gen 
C rit Ins 
D u rn L ie 
ERC Cp 
E m p F ire 
E m p Gen 
E m p l Cas 25 
26' 
E q u t G en 
15' 2 16 
E q tL Iw a 
F a rm G r 
F rm N W 
F id e l Va 
F id U n L f 
Fst A F in 
Fsl Color) 
Fst E xec 
F ra n k L f 
G 
R e in su 
G W ash 
G lobe L f 
Gov E m p 
G ov E l w t 
G o v E m L 
GtSo CP 
H a m i In t 
H anov in 
H a rt St B 
H om e Be 
Ind L & A 
In d ia n G r 
In te rfn l 
J e ffN L f 
K a n e L fe 
K e m p e r 
K yC en L f 
L ib N t L f 
L ife ln Ga 
L ife In v 

1 8 *. 19+8 
21*4 22' ? 
36 
38 
3G 
3 *. 
27 
22’ ? 
17 
18 
14G 15G 
2 
21 / 
23 >e 23*4 
15616o 
IG 
17e 
15+4 U G 
5’ ? 
5G 
* 8 
*8 
11+8 11*8 
IS G 19*8 
3+4 
4+8 
IV a 19*8 
44 
45 
31*4 32G 
13*8 13+4 
72 
72’ ? 
9*8 
9*4 
17’ 2 13 
37' ? 38' ? 
3V j 32 
7*4 
8’ . 
23*8 24'a 
2o'a 2 o *. 
7*8 
7 G 
M ere Gen 15'4 15*. 
M on Cap 
U *» 15' 
M ono CP 
NN C orp 
N a lL F 'a 
Na to ld 1. 
Net 
W est 
N a tn w A 
N ow s! Lf 
O hio Cas 
O ldR Int 
Penn L f 
P h ila L f 
P re ! R isk 
P ro te c t 
P ro v L A 
Rep L ite 
Safeco 
St P au l 
Secur A m 
Sec Conn 
Sec L f Ac 
S oC arln 
S thld F in 
Swn L ite 
Sovergn 
S tate G rp 
T im e H 
T rn s p t L f 
U n it D iv r 
U F irC a s 
U n it SVC 
Wst C & S 
W rld Svc 
Zen N a tl 

 l l ' ? 17 
1 7 '. 18 
3'? 
3 G 
6' a 
6 ' a 
5' J 57 16 
11 
I I G 
1V ? 7o 
4 1 '. 42'4 
2 3 '. 24 
33 16 3 G 
13G 14*8 
12 
13 
17 
K G 
37' ? 39 
7'a 
7* b 
37*. 3 8 '. 
297a 3 o'a 
9*a 
VG 
IO '? l l 
72 
2 2 '. 
13’ 4 13*4 l l 
U G 
19*8 2 o'a 
3 G 
4 '. 
3*8 
4 
IV ? 2o’ .- 
5G 
6 '. 
3 * . 
4' a 
2 7*. 2 3*. l l a l l ' ? 
24' ? 25 
5' ? 
6 
6*4 
VU 

C hicago O p tio n s 

P h ila d e lp h ia 

O p tio n s 

V 
7+4 
8 
IV 
17* 

A F 

Sat g e n t 
S aunorL 
Sen oib E 
Schenuit 
School P 
Sc hr a do r 
Sc A tta 
I svopetn 
Scr>vner sea tc tto 
I S eaport sn A ll 

I 
3o 
4 
56 IO 
W a 
6 24 
4o 
6 
2 
3o 
• 
7 
17 
17 TI 
SOC 
5/ VOO 
TO 
5 IO 
22 
4 
9 
26 l l 

 t ’Nl 

Mi l f 
39 
U 7 

{1* *w * - i jo e 
( w e . UH I Kl 
D>gF a ir 
Ut.- 
'I 'C I . P l I 
I 
Sex ' »t f Af tnt In 

I 
MW 
9 alw i i 
I 
IS 

I 
M G 
4 
U G 
4 
* • 
J 
U G 
J 
U+4 
4 
IO -. n u u 
* t7 * . 

 f-K. tn t 
4 8 'K 
. tr.-M ,-4 

MR 
I 
I 

 f, rf .*>1 ‘ t ttiM I 
I , -.*1 ye 

I M 

 f ■ »mmi' 

MR. <4 
14 f w> i i 

I 
1+8 
6 G 

I 
TG 
U G 
I* 1 
4 
* i a 

6+4 
1*8 

J 4 
U G 
M u 
U U 
7G 
17sr; 
IG 

1 g 
«*» 
EG 
6-4 

U G 
6' 7 
3 G 
U *4 
U G 
79'a 
7+8 

I 
/T G 
W G to « 
IG 
14+1 
W 

7*1 
3*. 
U 

I . 

SB m a 
IOT 
5 
. T v C o r p w t a B a rg e a t U 
.a M a ur 
» I 
..Q u in t <j 
7 a ly R ad 26 
7 axeS h dr 
4 
.n d m rfc a T o ut B l l e e p n tf 
6o l f 
. et- Na ti 
^ e b ig t.P r 
J i l iq . p a rn 
5 i r v i t l l n 
24 
5 ew SBF JO 8 ab 
I ye in tr la 
L ilt -Arwt 
T i 
L rn In A m 
L to v d s f t 
I. odqaS 
I l r 
L cam in m n 
OWW Til# w t 
L ogico.) u O k . 5 « MO 
L y n c n Q j t, y n n w r a r 

MDC C o rp 
I V P O 
I M ac ro d 
VU P bS 
I to 
M a m m th 
J M i -guoil 
I V a n .IT O r 
M a r 1 n og 
I M a rk CM 
Mi 

‘ft 
2‘ » 
V 1 
7 G 
25+4 
K a 

U ’ 8 
J 
7* 4 
9*4 
6 G 
6 G 
3*8 
6 G 

3 G 
1 5 16 
2 G 
4' 7 
W G 
7+8 
I * 1 
V j 
2G 
74 l+ . 

3 G - 
5 16 
TG 
4' J . 
W 't 
7+8 
27 16 
I G < 
TG 

I G 
6 
11+8 

I 16 I 
' • 

Sex AAtu In 
S e c M tln w t 
SwtasCp 
JO 
Set g Asse 
S ervtsco 3o 
S .r vo 
S ta ro n 
I 
S hettrR 
S tn a C p 24t 
ShenanO 
S h u tm T r 
S ie rrc tn 
2o 
S ifc o ln d 
5o 
I s to m a 
S it 
I 
S tkesLp A 
S<iO Inc 
5 
Stm coS 25b 13 
S im p le x 
25 
Si th in SR 
SOI *t r on 
Sunder B r 
3? $ soandso 
4o 5 
SCEd p l) o6 
SC E d pf I Ob 
SCEd p l l 19 
SC E d (Mi 68 
SC E d p f I 45 
SCEd p l! IO 
SCEd p f I TO xC E d p t7 TI 
SCEd p l7 SN 
SC E ft prs 96 
Swsi A ir l ) t 6 
S W tQ Fin 2o 
5 
Spec tor tOe 36 suet fro 
Tp 
4 
o6. 
8 
32 
5 

M 
7 
I 
- I i 
I 16 

.pe n t r F 
S fa ttrd L 
S td A itn 
SIO Cont s td M e tl 
Std M o t A n s h jP a c Cp 
Sip P ro d I 3o 
, t d V r » 4or 
S ta rw . 
IT TO sr A. f, 

I 
$ 
IV 
4 sot l l 
7 

M a r IP* 
M ast rid 

38 l l 
3 w t 
34 W I 
K4 
7 
7 l l 

I * * 
U U 

11+6 
4 ) 
♦ U 

 l l 
V I 
* . 
I g 

 a g 

7+9 
U U + 

KG 
A IG 

.? H4 

Me .n is i' 
Mr ga *st I 
W > ijiiiU > 
Medwnig 
V t 8 h i 
M eg. M i- 
V .x a m t j 
M f M C u 
'Aar in t , ta 
M e te r 
M e ip tti 
M . ce <3*81 
M i ’ - ig y 
V i» * i» 4 
MidwlC > 
M > # fia t i 
M *«. H 
M- lu r Btu 
M«*6h» • 
V M M iJ vk 8*8. 6 

(rn 8 

W G 
W G 
I 7 16 7 16 
1*9 
I G 
17*4 
IT G 
J*t 
IG if** 
IIG 
7 A* 
7s» 
I*4 
I*4 
• G 
I G 
* 
SU 

I 
K 

* 
74 
U K l 
* 
'? 

A <■ 
T i 
9 

WG 
7 U 

U G 
7 *4 
I G - 
I G 
I G t i ' t 
17*9 l l ' I 
IG 
1 
UG 
2 
It i ‘ 9 

 s ta t sup 
S ta rd u st 
,I we'm f 74to 
StepnC h 
S » * rtf I 
S tet l f 4! 
S tru t W 
Six A nn 
S un d atii 
SupFdS 

76 
4 

4 
6o 7 
14 
W 
7 
IOT, I 
24 
I 
Tot* J I 
4o w 
We 
4 

9 
15 
48 
2o 
I 
I 
4 
6 
I 
5 
1o 
57 
I 
3 
I a 
I 
1 t 
1 
1 
3o 
19 
177 
5 
IO 
1o 
/5o 
2 
11 
25 
7 
7*6 
I 
9 
4 
5 l l 
7 
I 
1 
4 
6 t i 
31 
68 
2 

9 
I f 
5 
I 

I r n 

VV 
5 
U G 
W G 
U G 
6*8 
W G 
29*» 
U G 
I 
37+4 
3+8 
IO 
7 
I I G 
7 
6' 7 
18 >9 
32** 
14 
3+4 
1+4 
17 
TG 
+4 
6 g 
I 
5 G 
S' 1 n + 9 i'm 
6 G 
25G 
7'9 
7+4 
9 G 

TG 
I G 
3 G 
TG 
I G 
TG 
IO 
12*8 
U+4 
U+4 
U G 
71 
17+8 
U G 
27G 
77 
92' J 
1o5 
25 8 
4' 7 
7*4 
4* 4 
3*8 
6 

 sup In d I i/o z u P 5 u r y 
• 
. jw t r M t y w t 
5 ,t avoy lOt 

IC l l 
I 
7 n 
9 *1 
117 
4 

W G 
W G 
TI if 
14*9 t v I 
IG 
7+9 
W I 
I 't 
7+4 
H G 
S' 9 
IS 
II G 

 n laa 
. i f rig 
SO 

4 
I G 
4 9 16 
I 
P i 
o 
W G 
* 
6 G 

IG s 
U G 
TO 
13 
6 G 
1o+9 
29 
U+9 
I 
37 
3 G 
978 
7 
IV » 
6G 
6' > 
17' j 
37 9 
13+9 
3G 
1+4 
U+2 
2+4 
'4 
6+8 
I 
5 G 
SG 
U G 
2*4 
6 G 
2SG 
TG 
7+4 
9+8 
IG 
JG 
7*9 
3*« f+ * 
IG 
2+9 
9G 
U+4 
U 79 
U G 
U 
TI 
17*8 
U G 
26*1 
267 i 
92+8 
ICS 
TS 
4 + j 
I G 
4G 
3+4 
6 
4 G 
K G 
SG 
4G 
IO 9 
9G 
TI 
TS 
U G 
HG 
IG 
7' 2 
W G 
IG 
TG 
WG 
5 
14*8 
17 
4*9 
6 
SG 

I 

T undy Br 
I aet y I XU 

 te c h Q p 
T#tt»f ap t ig (hut 
I , OAR t *4 *C '« 
I - a -,-. 

16 
4 
2oa IO l f 
4 
8ft 
4 
• 
I ar* 
' 
M 
• 
6 rn 
9 
- -rn ( 6 
■>M a la* 

' f 9I 
6*4 t i * . 
»|*9 
I G 

I ' * 

 t i l l 
6*9 
TOG 
6+9 

IG 
IIG l f ‘ 9 

I G . . . 
5 
UG t 
IO 
- 
13+9 + 
6*8 
W G 
7 9'4 
ITG— 
I 
37' 4 
3 G ‘ 
IO e 
7 
IIG 
7 
A 
6 G - 
I I 
- 
32*8 t 
14 t 
3*4 
1+4 - 
U G + 
7+8 ■ 
+4 A 
6*9 
T 
- 
SG i i ?_ 
IIG 
IG 
6G 
TS+4 
T G - 
7+4 + 
9 G 
IG + 
J G 
IG 
I G 
7+2” 
I G 
7+4 . 
1o 
- 
U G ' 
U G 
12+4 
14+9 
TI 
K G 
U G ' 
77G 
27 
. 
WG 
WS 
TS 
4 G 
I G 
4* 2 
JG 
A 
• 
4 G 
IIG 
SG 
IG 
IO*. 
WG 
71 
IS 
U G 
I V , 
1+8 
7' 2 
U G 
I G 
I * * 
IIG 
S 
IS 
11 
4*8 
SG 

Sg 
IS 

JO* 
6' 1 

I 32 

O ption 
A lld C 
A dd C 
A lld C 
A lld C 
Aline 
.. 
A ltisC 
Ashl O 
Ash I O 
B ra n d 
H ra n if 
C ly In 
C ly In 
Cl o rox 
O o ro x 
Con 1 sat 
C om sat 
C om sat 
Cont O 
Com O 
Dr es sr 
D ressr 
F a s GS 
E ng l M 
G A F 
G A F 
GaoPac 
Gan P ac 
GeoPac 
H ow Jn 
H ow Jn 
Scot p 
Scot P 
T e td yn 
T etdyn 
Tetdyn 
T e td y n 
V a F P 
Mist U n 
A/st Un 

A bb i L 
A bb ! L 
A Hess 
A HUSS 
A Hess 
A Mess 
BOI- C 
Bois C 
F irs tn 
F irs tn 
Ine xco tnexco in e xco 
Joy 
Joy 
L a I n d 
L a L n d 
M a r tot 
M a n o t 
Mc D er 
M r D er 
NL Ind 
Ne in d 
P P G 
P tts tn 
P tts fn 
P tts tn 
P tts tn 
P tts tn 
Sun Co 
Sex* Co 
Sun Co 
T rn s a m 
T rn sa m 
Un Pac 
A /lw rth 
A H w rth 

T h u rs d a y . M a r ice 
A p r 
35 
IO U 
.4o 
5* 7 
45 19 16 
..VO a 
25 
1H 
IO 
3 16 
X a 
35 
H 
IO 
'ft 
IS 
I 16 
IO a 
IS 
3 16 

3 
Jut 

TG 
G a 
1+1 
G 
'» 
3+8 

Oct jctose | » r b 
45* 2 I ® 
D 
J51 
~ ’ * 
45 
45 
26'» 
26+t 
337r 

 a 
3+4 
1 
? G 
IS 16 
S 
2 
1516 

V ? l l I 1611516 
15 
I 16 
'ft 
5 16 
75 a 
9' 1 b 
3o 
5 
5+8 
5 'ft 
3V 17 16 a 
3 
3V 
V i l l i 16 
2*8 
4o 
3 16 
'ft 
*4 
4o 
H 
1 H a 
45 
+• a a 
3o a a 
IS 16 
35 
*8 
1’ ft a 
IO a a 
2 'ft 
IS 
H 
3 16 
*8 
29*8 
4>ft a b 
35 
9 16 
H a 
1*8 
X 
I 16 a a 
IO 
9 16 tit 
I U 
IS 
I 16 
'ft 
3 16 
15 
3*4 
4*8 a 
X 
7 16 
H 
H 
SS 
5*4 
9 
6o 
2+» 
5 
6+ft 
TO 
3 16 
1*8 
T H 
8o 
I 16 b b 
IS 
3 16 
•ft 
* • 
15 
3*8 a a 
X 
3 16 
*8 
H 
M a y 
Aug 
NOV 
4V 
1*4 
3 
3 H 
SO 
*ft 
*8 a 
X 
12*4 a t i 
TS 
TH 
S ti 
X 
3*8 
4*8 
5*8 
35 
IS 16 
1*8 
2+4 
X 
2 U a a 
35 
*8 a 
I U 
3o 
2 a a i i a 
5 14 a 
IS 
S '» 
S H 
6+4 
TO TS 16 
3 U 
3*8 
25 
1 7 
1+4 
1*8 
45 
1+4 
2+ft a 
TO 
*8 b b 
25 
4 
4*8 
4 H 
3o t i 16 IS 16113 16 
IO 
IS 
45 
5o 
2o 
7S 
, . SS 
3o 

I 16 
1+4111 16 

S'Y a 
3 'a 
4 a a 
4' 9 
7 16 IS 16 l l 16 

1*8 

4+2 
TG 

34G 19 is a 
IS l l 161IS 16 
39' 
4o 
4o 
45 
SO 
IO 
IS 
5o 
TO 
25 

IG 
G 
I G s u 
1*8 
6+8 
V 1 

G 
SG 
7G 
I 
4 

 a 
5*8 b 
2+2 b 
I b 
3 

 a 

HS 16 27 16 
6 G 

9 
9 
13 
13' 
11 *8 i m 
34* . 
34 K 
34 
34 
34 
38' 
38 
76'1 
34 
IK A 
I 17i 
33' 
33+4 
33'. 
1o 
IO 
19' 
19' 
597i 
S97t 
SV’ i 
5 9 71 
I4 * i 
11+1 
W+t 

44*. 
44+x 
32*t 
32+» 
I t 31 
32+1 
32+t 
32»i 
I * 
21 
2o7i 
TOG 
2o7» 
4 4 'I 
44' 9 
TOG 
28* 
W 1 
1o 
49' 
49' 
T IU 
23G 
S4*» 
33 
33 G 
33 
3 3 '. 
33G 
44*. 
44*. 
44*. 
11 
U ' i 
5o i t 
26 

R FW YOCK 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g is a lis t ol the m o s t a c tiv e s to c k s based on the d o lla r v o lu m e to r T h u rs d a y 
The to ta l is based on th e m e d ia n p ric e yf the s to c k tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y th e shares tra d e d 
Tot(SlOOO) S ales (bds (L a s t 
$26,54o 
956 778' 
$1o,73o 
3o99 
34* 
$1o,o39 
1414 
7 V 
$8,S32 
U 49 
63*« 
$8,496 
3o21 
28 
$8 41o 
1246 
6 7 G 
$7,931 
993 
SOG 
$7,915 
2672 
2 9G 
$7,17o 
1366 
52 
$6 747 
893 
7 6 'e 

Cont O il 
O r M ot 
A TT 
D eere 
M o b il 
.Coe a Col i t , , ju lt O il 
' ‘ E x x o n 
E a s K d 

A M E R IC A N 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g is a ist of the m o st a c tiv e s to c k s based on the d o lla r v o lu m e fo r T h u rs d a y 
The to ta l is t lased on th e m e d ia n p ric e 
5t th e stock tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y th e shares tra d e d 
N a m e 
T o t($1ooo) S a ie s (h d s )L a s t 
H o u O d M 
$5 o38 
1o58 
4 9'8 
H u skyO 
$3,283 
1386 7 4 '. 
SCEd p l 
$2,272 
246 92' 2 
K ew an ee 
$1,4o9 
347 4 oG k a is r Iud 
$1,o67 
667 U G 
F ilm w y 
$859 
849 IO '. 
S yntex 
$774 
38o TOG 
M ille ) W o 
$745 
319 73G 
H a rla n d 
$737 
364 2o 
P G E p fT 
$585 
2o2 29 
Investment Trusts 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g quo 
1 at io ns, s u p p lie d by th e N a tio n a l Assoc) ano n of 
S e c u ritie s 
D e a le rs , 
Inc a re the p ric e s a t w h ic h the se s e c u ritie s co u ld h a v e been sold 
(N e t asset v a lu e ) o r b ou gh t 
(v a lu e p ig s sa les c h a rg e ) T h u rs d a y . 
Sell B uy 
A G E F n d 5 26 
5 37 
A c o rn 
14 43 N L 
A dv 
In v 
IO o2 N L 
A etna F 
7 27 
7 95 
A etn a Sh 12 9o 14 IO 
A fu u r e F 9 I * N L 
A lls ta te 
8 48 N L 
A lp h a 
IO 63 N L 
A m B irth 9 78 IO 69 
Arn E q ity 4 92 
5 38 
A m e ric a n F u nd s 
A m B al 7 99 
I 73 
A m c p 
S U 
5 97 
A M u ll 
9 76 IO 67 
Bond 
IS 25 16 67 
Cap F d 
6 27 
6 85 
G rw th 
I 48 
A 9o 
In to m 
16 26 K 77 
IC A 
13 78 15 o6 
N P e rs 15 96 17 44 
Was M 
7 o3 
7 68 
A m e r G e n e ra l 
Cap B d 8 98 

Spi 
Inc 
7 2o N I 
T x E m 
IS 46 N L 
T h rd C IT 77 13 96 
E a g le O r 9 95 IO 87 
E a to n BHO w a rd 
B alao 
8 39 
9 OS 
F o urs 
G rw th tncom 
Spec! 
Stock 
E D IE 
Sp 
E dsonG a re t F lio n Tr 
F a irfld 
F a rm B u 
8 22 N L 
F e d e ra te d F u n d s 
A m Cdr 
8 96 9 1o 
E m p ir 
19 15 
F o ur E K 9 9 
T x F re 
12 9o N L d e tity G ro u p 
Bond 
8 71 N L 
C aptt 
8 34 
9 11 
Con I Id 
IO 78 
N L 
D a ily 
I 
I oo N L 
D stn y 
9 37 
E q Inc 
15 35 N L 
M a gel 
73 OI 
M gn Bd IO 41 
N L 
F idel 
U OS 17 54 

4 o9 
6 51 

9 81 
4 47 
7 l l 
IO 87 l l 88 
6 5} 
7 U 
6 46 
7 o6 
3 95 
4 27 
S 59 
6 o3 
4 91 
5 37 
S 34 N L 
IT 34 N L 
3 o1 

Total v o lu m e 7,628 
O pen in te re s t 
226.6o4 a N u t tr a d tg b NO a pt ion o ffe re d 

D i v i d e n d 
! 

I u 

I G ) 
U G 
W G ' 

 if; 

I G k 

 r HU R S O A Y S O IV IO E NOS D E C L A R E D 
Pe­ rio d 
R a te 
IR R E G U LA R 
A hm an son H E 
IO 
Consol in v T r 
o8 
S a tve sto n Mo us! 
OS 
N a pi a in d u + i 
o4 
Sec ut in v E d 
W u n ite d in c F d 
12 
STO CK jo n a th a n L o g a n 
Soc 
IN C R E A S E 
A lle g h a n y P w rS yS 
JI 
BK B u ild E q u ip 
GILKS Che*) 
H e ig h ts f 'n an ce 
Jo nathan L og an 
Missouri Pac 
W a lla ce Murray 

Bun B B u rg e r 

A P L C orp tv tam ed P rf lye 
B rin k s Inc 
B ro w n G ro u p 
C it F in a n c ia l 
C a od n H yd ra e a rb 
C a n d " Im p e ria l 
Chelsea ta d u s t 
Cut*en B a n k e rs 
(V I M o n te Cp 
Dei 1 a C ant 
F -etd e te s t M itts 
G R E IT R tT r 
H ughes B H a t ch 
. eeds B N o rth rg p 
I sue N it C o rp 
M id la n d Co 
N a n T ru s t Co 
N r w f n y M a rc h 
Pac G as T ra n s m 
P y re x C a rp 
R ust C ra ft 
Seals.a ’ ti A tta 
‘.«-a'«M A ir 
It 
• 
Cfi 
5Kytm e Corp 
Sperry R a n d iJ s t i f * U c F d 
Un le d Bond Fd 
Uni wtr set In s tr 
U n it C tx ii) m f d 
W elts In c h 
W o rm JU- A t#. 
A r.g h l Mhn 

Cap G r 
Inc m e 
V en tr 
Eq G U 
Fd A m 
Prow 
A m G rth 
A m In s tn 
A m In vs 
A ln v Inc 
A rn N G th 2 75 
A nch o r G ro u p 
D a ily 
I OO N L 
G rw th 
6 45 
6 95 th e m e 
7 3$ 
7 92 
Spec l r 
4 46 
4 81 
FO in v 
6 75 
7 28 
W ash 
9 9o IO 67 
A d d a x 
7 SS 
8 26 
A xe H o ug h to n 
F n d B 
7 87 
8 5! inc F d 
4 93 
5 36 
Stock 
S 9S 
6 5o 
B LC G th IO 27 l l 22 
B ads Inc 
I 77 NL 
Bads to v 
9 4o N L 
Beden H it 
8 44 N L 
Beacn 
In 
9 36 N L 
B e rg e r G ro u p 
IOO F d 
7 24 NL 
9 l l NL 
7 85 
8 58 
4 84 
5 29 
9 S3 IO 42 
3 43 
3 TO 
C a lv in B u llo c k 
S olte k 
17 9114 11 
Canon 
7 SS 
8 25 
D iv td 
3 l l 
3.4o 
M o n th 
U MOU 17 
N a tW 5 IO o61o 99 
N V V n l l OS 1 /o * 
CG F u n d 
9 61 W 39 
CG Inc rn 
8 SI 
9 2o 
Cap P re s 
I OO NL te n t y Sh IO 59 l l 42 
C had In v IO 18 l l 13 
C h a rt FO U 89 1$ I i 
Chase G r Bos 
F u nd 
6 2$ 

Cans In v IO OB W V 
oun .let G 
$ 6o NL 
Cont M u ! u n a v a it d r y Cap l l $7 17 SI 
D a v y * F d 
I I ! N I o e v e g h 
JDW 
D e la w a re G ro u p p e ta l 
IT 17 U 75 

8 77 N L 
8 37 
9 o2 
6 IO 
6 58 
5 91 
6 4o 
9 o8 
9 79 
U 17 N L 
9 IO N L 
IO 67 l l 6o 
14 25 
9 61 IO 45 

P o la r 
3 19 
3 4V 
C and G it' g n a v a il 
L e x in g to n G rp 
CP C dr 14 28 15 67 
Lex O r 
8 +7 
9 26 
Lex In 1o 73 11 73 
L ex R U 92 16 31 
L ife Ins 
6 98 
7 63 
L in c o ln N a tl 
Set 
A m 
7.o6 N L 
SH 
Spl 
U 57 N L 
L o o m is S ayU s 
C a pi! 
1o o1 N L 
M o t 
12 93 N L 
L o rd A b b o tt 
A ttiltd 
8 19 
8 87 
Bod db l l JI 12 36 
In co m 
3 55 
3.83 
L u th e ra n B ro 
F u n d 
IO 53 l l SI 
In c o m 
9 31 IO K 
M u m 
IO l l l l o5 
US G ov 9 87 IO 79 
M a s s a c h u s e ft Co 
F re e d 
8 o6 
B SI 
In dep 
7 13 
7 79 
M ass 
IO 67 l l 61 
M ass F in a n d 
M IT 
IO 64 l l 47 
M IG 
8 4o 
9 o6 

P u ritn 
S alem 
T h rift 
Tre n d 

 l l o212 (M 
4 78 
5 22 
IO 5o NL 
71 o6 23 o2 
F in a n c ia l P ro g 
O m a 
4 68 N L 
In d u s t 
4 32 NL tnco m 
7 IS N L 
F st In v e s to rs 
D isco 
S 9« 
* 5 4 
G rw th 
6 54 
7 15 
In co m 
8 6o 
9 4o 
Stock 
I M f i t stM lt 
A 
8 18 N L 
F tM H D I 
IO OO N L 
F o rty F r 
15 SS N L 
F n d G th u n a v a il 
F o u n d e rs G ro u p 
G rw th 
4 43 4 84 
In co m 
12 5o13 
M u ta l 
9 o5 9 89 
S ped 
8 6o 9 4o 
F ra n k lin G ro u p 
D N T C 
6 58 
7 o9 
G rw th 
S 29 5 TO 
U tils 
4 56 
4 97 
In co m 
I 76 
I 9o 
US G ov 9 77 W S3 
C aph 
7 65 
7 86 
E q u 't 
3 24 i 49 
F rk ln L fe 8 35 
9 13 
FdF 
D ep 
8 o7 N L 
F u nd p k 
8 29 
8 42 
F u n d Inc G rp 
C o m m 
I 75 9 56 im pac in n Tr 
P ilo t 
G E SB S 
G en Sec 
G rth Ind 
H am -H on 
F M O A 
G rw th 
Inco m 
H a rt G th 
H a rt Cav 
H er age 
Hot do T r 

A 18 
8 94 
IO 63 l l 6I 
8 15 
8 91 
26 16 
9 U N L 
U 77 NL 

4 25 
4 65 
6 U 
7 35 
7 76 
8 4* 
1o TO N L 
7 o7 NL 
I J? rn 
I oo N L 
H or /Man IS 12 U 35 
ISI G ro u p 
G rw th 
4 * 6 5 o9 
Inco rn 
3 56 J 89 
T rst th 
IO 41 l l 38 
T r y un 
V *o 
Im p Cap 
Im p G th m d u s lr y 
In t In v s t tn y C»uid 
In v Incite 
Inv Bos 

8 87 
7 77 
8 IT 
7 l l i n 
8 61 
9 41 
8 $5 N L 
I 52 NL 
K) 26 l l o6 in v Counsel 
Caprri u n a v a it 
C aph S u n a v a it in v e s to rs G ro u p 
ID S Bd 
5 * 7 
6 o8 
ID S G rt 
5 77 
IDS o d. 4 SI 
4 9« 
M u tt 
9 t i 
P ro g 
3 o4 
9 97 
3 31 
18 7/ 2o 4o 
9 42 IO 
6 4 / 
* 97 
5 93 
5 5o 
19 » 19 79 
* l l NL 
1o 54 l l 
Ti 37 NL 

Dr *,Iu s Gi 
P re y * l l l \ 1} ta t m ' 
$ 14 N il 
I e »ye 
I i l l U Id 
I u Ax 
IO p i N I 

S lot k 
M e e t 
V a r P y 
I rn Mesh 
M R 
Iv y 
IP G rth 
Janus F iuhri Mane CKK 
B e a n 
I w 
I 
Bund 
19 i t 21 CM 
G rw th 
5 69 
6 Ie jo h n s tri 
19 67 NL k e y s to n e F u n d s 
Apt.! lo 
J |9 
4 25 
C ia B t 17 J * )« 5/ 
B l '9 65 21 
I 13 
9 
Cos BT 
Cos Bf 
( us K I 
Cgs KT 
Cos SI 
Cos $/ b k 

M ID 
MF D 
M C D 
M F B 
M a m e rs 

14 46 IS 59 
H 79 12 71 
17 TI 13 73 
15 58 16 8o 
12 99 N L 
M L Cap 13 o3 13 94 
M L 
R d y 
I OO N L 
M id A M 
M on M k t 
M O N Y f 
M S B F d 
M o t Ben 
M IF F d 
M IF G th 

5 14 
5 67 
I OO N L 
9 15 1o oo 
U 49 N L 
8 91 
9 74 
I 58 
9 28 
J 79 
4 IO 

S e c u rity F u n d s 
E q u ty 
3 91 4 27 
In v e s t 
7 36 8 o4 
U ltra 
9 78 IO 69 
S en tin el G ro u p 
Apex 
3 56 3 19 
B alao 
7 88 8 61 
Com S 
12 22 13 36 
Sent G th 
8 o7 8 77 
S en try F l l 79 12 82 
S h a re h o ld e rs G p 
Cm s tk 
5 77 6 31 
E n trp 
5 3o 5 79 
F ie f F d 5 26 
S 75 
H a rte 
8 49 9 28 
L e g a l 
6 59 7 2o 
Pace 
IO o6 IO 99 
Shear son F u nd s 
A p p ro u n a v a il 
In c o m u n a v a it 
In v e s t u n a v a ll 
S ie rra G 
8 77 NL 
S herm 
D 
18 /6 N L a m y F u n d s 
C a pit 
8 53 9 32 
Inve st 
1o 4o11 37 
T ru s t 
8 79 9 61 
V en t 
IO IO l l o4 
Sis K e m p e r 
K ern I 
IO 76 H 45 

M u tu a lot O m a h a 
A m e r l l 69 l l 87 
G rw th 
4 OI 
A 36 tn c o m 
9 19 IO 21 
M o t Stirs 
78 5 7 N L 
N E A M u ! 
8 19 NL 
N a tl m d 
IO 65 N L 
Nat Secur Ser 
B alao 
9 48 IO 22 
Bond 
D )v id 
G rw th 
P f S tk 
In corn 
Stock 

4 62 
4 U 
5 52 
7 48 
5 43 
I 25 

4 98 
4 46 
595 
8 o6 
5 85 
8 BV 
N F L )fe F u nd 
E q u 't 
U HI 18 77 
G rw th 
8 SO 
9 24 
In co m 
13 9415 IS 
Side 
13 13 14 27 
N ey ber aer B e r m ® 
E n rg y 
U 53 NL 
G u a rd 
P a rlo r 
N euw F d 
N e w W ld 
N e w to n 
N e w t In v 
N ic h ls f 
N o m u ra 
N o re ast 
N uveen 
O m ega 
One W m 

77 95 N L 
9 3o 
N L 
8 U N L 
1o 95 N L 
11 19 N L 
9 98 NL 
13 95 N L 
9 48 IO 19 
14 t i N L 
9 59 IO o4 
1o OO IO 12 
13 67 NL 
O p p e n fie im e r f d u n p e n 
6 22 
6 8o 
Im Bus 
8 64 9 44 
M o n B 
I OO NL 
J A fre t) 
1o JO NL 
A IM 
9 IS IO OO 
T im e 
7 OS 
7 7o 
OTC Sec 12 16 13 27 
P a r a m M 8 68 
9 44 
P au l R v t 
5 96 
6 51 
P e n n Sg 
I 99 NL 
Penn M u 
3 65 N L 
P h ila 
7 OS 
P ttoe Cap 8 o3 
8 78 
Phoen F d 9 <8 IO 36 
P ilg rim G rp 
Rn Fs 12 43 13 29 
P ug Fd 8 TI 
8 SS 
M a g C 
3 4) 
3 67 
M a g in 9 15 
9 61 
P in e SI l l 17 N 
P io ne er F u n d 
F u nd 
13 79 1$ o / ll 
U 91 U IT 
P la n in v l l 34 U U 
Pl .yr th 
IO 9 / l l 
Pf tire d 
7 BO 
• 52 
P ric e Funds 
Or w it) 
IO m NL jn c o m to OI N I 
N E ra 
IO 98 NL 
N 
H o rn 
6 81 NL 
I < F re 
IO TU NL 
P ro F o nd 
5 86 NL 
P ro v G th 
I 65 
8 1* 
P ry SIP 
9 48 IO 
P u tn a m F a id s 
Conv i l k * I t 

At 
IO 
I 34 
5 5/ 
•7 rn 19 43 
• 4 B U 
7 SO 
I W 
< AS 
I Us 

E q y ' 
G eary 
G rw th me o m 
Invest 
V is ta 
Vox ag 
Ii a .o b * 
R e se rve 
R e vere 

9 58 
9 48 
S afer t q t a t t 
Sa le t G th 8 bl 
Sc o d d e r F u n d s 
Inco m l f 68 N L 
In tl 
Fd 
M M B ir e d 
Com st 
M an 
R 

12 89 NL 
IO 27 N L 
22 93 N L 
9 3o N L 
1o o3 N L 

M o n M 
M u n i 
Sup G 
Sup In 
Sup S 
Tech 
SB 
F q ty 
SB I t G r 

I OO N L 
1o 61 l l l f 
7 OO 
7 65 
9 TI IO 69 
IO U l l IO l l ! 
I 84 
9 8o N L 
12 67 N L 
SoGen In 
IO 91 l l 42 
Sw In v s 
7 89 8 53 w in G I 
4 83 5 22 
Sever In 
12 o7 I i 19 
S pe ctra 
F 
4 48 N L 
S tate B on d G r 
Com F 
4 28 
4 68 
D tv F d 
4 97 
5 43 
P ro g F 
3 l l 
4 16 
St F rm G I 
S 93 NL 
S F rm B a 
9 44 N L 
State St 
47 IS 42 SI 
S te a dm an F u nd s 
A m In d 
2 32 NL 
Ass© 
F 
I IO N L 
In v e s t 
I 4) N L 
O cean 
6 U N L 
S tein Roe Fds 
Ba 1 an 
17 59 N L 
C a p O 
8 34 N L 
S to ck 
IT 12 N L 
S u rve y f 
8 65 
9 45 te m p G I 17 ll 13 73 
Te m p 
(n y 
I OO N I 
Trn s Cap 
7 ZI 
I 15 
T rn s In v s 9 3o IO l l 
I r a v E q 
9 99 IO 92 
T u d r Hd 
13 44 NL 
Tw r it 
G I 
4 o7 NL 
TwnC Inc 
5 6o NL 
USA A G I 
7 64 N L 
U S A A Inc I) 72 
NL 
US Gov 
9 76 
9 91 
U n it 
M u t 
I 77 NL 
U m tu n d u n a v a i! 
U n io n Iv e G rp 
B ro ad l l 91 12 84 
N at In v 6 2o 
6 68 
U Cap 
IO l l l l 65 
Un.gn 
U U 13 81 
Un th . I F u nd s 
A e o n 
6 29 
6 87 
Bond 
7 IS 
I o3 
Con G r 
8 95 
9 78 
Con in c 9 47 IO 35 
In co m 
1o 6211 61 
Scum 
5 48 
5 99 
M o m 
S o9 
5 56 
U n it SvCi 
I 76 NL 
V alu e L in e Fd 
V a l 1 1 
6 74 
6 91 
Inc rn 
5 l l 
5 26 
L e v G rt 
9 o4 9 Z I 
Sp! Sit 
4 l l 
4 24 
Vance Sanders tn co m 
1} 53)4 79 

O ption 
A lcoa 
Alcoa 
A m Tel 
Am Tel 
A m T e l 
AH R 
A t! R 
A tt R 
A von 
Avon 
A v o n 
B ank A m 
B a n k A m 
Beth S 
Beth S 
B runs 
B ru n s 
B u r! N 
B u rl N 
B u rrg h 
B u rrg h 
B u r rg h 
C itic p 
C itic p 
C itic p 
Del ta 
D e lta 
D e lta 
D ig E q 
D ig E q 
D ig E q 
D ig E a 
D ig E q 
D ig E q 
D isney 
D is n e y 
D isney 
D isney 
D isney 
D is n e y 
D isney 
D ow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch d u P ot du P ot du P m 
EdS K d 
Eas K d 
.. 
E as K d 
.. 
E as K d 
E xxon 
E x x o n 
E x x o n 
F N M 
N M 
F lu o r 
F lu o r 
F lu o r 
F lu o r 
F o rd 
F o rd 
Gen E l 
Gen E l 
G en E l 
M 
M 
M 
Of WSI 
G t W st 
G I W st 
G II W n 
G it Wn 
H a lb tn 
Ha) bin 
H a lb tn 
Horn s tk 
Horn s tk 
Horn stk 
Horn s tk 
H o m s tk 
Hou O M 
How O M 
Hou O M 
Hou O M 
Flog O M 
Hou O M 
N A 
N A 
B M 
B M 
In H a r 
In H a r 
In H a r 
In M in 
In M m 
In M in 
In P a p 
In Pap 
In P ap 
T 
T T 
T T 
John J 
John J 
Keno C 
Keno C 
Keno C 
K e rr M 
K e rr M 
K re sge 
K resge 
L oe w s 
Loew s 
Loew s 
Loew s 
Mc Don 
Mc 
D on 
Mc 
Don 
M e rck 
M e r c k 
M e rc k 
M e rril 
M e rr il 
. 
M e rril 
M M M 
M M M 
M M M 
Mon san 
M on san 
M on san 
N C R 
N C R 
N C R 
N w A ir 
N w A ir 
P en n / 
P eo n / 
Peps- 
P epsi 
P o la r 
P o la r 
P o la r 
P o la r 
R C A 
R C A 
R C A 
Sears 
Sears 
S pe rry 
S p e rry 
S pe rry 
S perry 
Syntex 
Syntex 
Syntex 
T a nd y 
Tandy 
Tandy 
I acidy 
T e td yn 
T e ld yn 
Tetdyn 
T e td y n 
Te+oro 
Te+oro 
T e s o ro 
Tex in 
I Tex In 
I Tex in 
Tex In 
U pjohn 
UpiOhri 
U p jo h n 
W eyerh 
W eyerh 
W eyerh 
X erox 
X e ro x 
X erox 

T h u rs d a y , M a r 
3 p ric e 
A pr 
Jut 
5o b u 
6 '8 
6o 
’ 8 l l 16 
55 
8*4 
9 
6o 
3*4 
4*8 
65 
I 16 l l 16 
45 
1o*4 b 
TO 
SH 
6 *. 
6o 
+8 
1*8 
4o 
6' 2 
7+8 
4b 23 16 
3*8 

O ct Close 
54 +< 

SO 
5 16 l l 16 
25 
I ' 2 25 16 
3o 
+8 
7 16 
35 
I *8211 16 
4o 
3 16 
H 
IS 
I 
I ’ ? 
2o 
I 16 
5 16 
4o a 
5' 2 
45 
I 
2 
7o 
2' / 
4+2 
8o 
3 16 
• I U 
9o a 
3 16 
25 
4' 2 
4 H 
3o 
+. 
I ' 2 
35 
'ft 
5 16 
3o b 
3 'J 
35 
5 16 
I 
4o 
I 16 
+4 
45 
1 H 
3 H 
4 6 '« l l 16213 16 
5o 
5 16 19 16 
53’ s 
'n l l 16 
56+s 
I 16 b 
6o a 
' . 
35 
4+* 
5*8 
3878 l 13 16213 16 
4o 
I ' 8 
238 
4 3 '. 
5 16 
I'8 
45 
+« 
+« 
48+? 
I 16 
SO a 
35 27 16 
4o 
38 
45 
+8 
SO 
I 16 
12o 
1o+8 
3+« 
*8 
6+2 
I 

13o 
14o 
7o 
8o 
9o 
IOO 
45 
5o 

I U 
7 + 8 
2 '? 
55 
IS 
7o a 
3o a 
35 l l 16 
4o 

V4 
3 '? 
1+8 
*8 b 
12*. 
6+4 
2'8 
8*8 
3 
*/. ti 

2 ti 
4+2 
19 16 b 
8 
2' B ti 
4+8 
1*4 
23-. 
*k a 
1*8 
178 
9 16 a 
2*4 
6+8 
2*8 
+8 b 
2 'e 
+8 
4’ e 
113 16 
'8 
5 '8 ti 
7*8 b b 
+8 
6+8 b 
3*9 b 
I " j b b 
4+2 
I "8 

54' 
633i 
63'1 b m 
5 4 'f 
54+t 
54 H 
4 6 '; 
46’ , 
46’ ; 
7 6 '. 
2 6 '. 
36 1 
36*1 
IS *. 
15*2 
44” , 
44' ; 
69 "’I 
69 *> 
6 9 't 
29". 
29’ j 
29". 
32 
32 
32 
44*. 
44' 
.14 > 
441 
4 4 '. 
44' 
38 7t 
38 7t 
387» 
38 7T 
387y 
38 7r 
387 
36+ 
36+ 
36*. 
36 Ai 
4' 7 129 
8' a 129 
3*4 179 
9 * . 
7 6 't 
4+8 
K a b b 
4' • 

45 
5o 
6o 
SO 
55 
6o 
6o 

33e 
5 16 
13 16 15 16 
I 
15 16 1*8 a 
I 16 
3 16 a 
5 'a b 
I+.211 16 
9 l f l l 16 b b 
IO 'a 

7 '. 
2+4 
3 16 
I, j 
I 16 
7+4 

7o215 16 
SO 
15 
2o 
25 
IS 
7o 
5o 
6o 
TO 
25 
3o 
35 
4o 
45 
« 
. 35 
. J 
45 
SO 
6o 
4o 
45 
76o 
28o 
75 
X 
SS 
35 

I U 
9 
9*8 
I 'a 27 16 
2 
3 'e 
'4 l l 16 
5 16 b 
4*8 
+8 

11*4 

3*8 
3 '8 b 
*4 b 
5+? 
1+4 b 
2 '9 
3*8 
9 16 IS 16 

17+4 
13 
8 
3+/ b 
19** 
13*. 
9' > 
5’ » 
2 

2o+. 
5 78 
7+1 
2+8 
3 U 
7*4 
4o713 16 
45 b 
5o 
B+* 
6o IS U 
7o 

1*9 
5 16 a 
3*7 a b b 
9+4 
5*4 
3*9 b b b 
8*4 
6 
2 't a 
1+9 
32 278' 
1 8 '. 278 

75 
3o 
35 
TO 
8o 
75 
3o 

8' 1 
3*9 

1+4 a 
3+4 

35 

1*4 
3 16 

3+8 
+8 

7o 
8o 
35 
4o 
25 
3o 
35 
4o 
'I 
SO 
'» 
6o 
I 16 
45 
7*4 
6o 13 16 
7o 
I U 
8o I 16 
2o 
I 
25 
3o 
TO 

IS 16 
3 16 
8 * t 
2 '? 
*8 b 
13*4 
8+8 
4*4 
2*8 
18+4 
15 
11'9 
7'4 
4+4 
19 16 
4 
Urn 
263« 
12*9 
7+8 
3 
*9 
7*4 
3*9 l l 16 
9+4 
2+9 
>4 b 
3*4 
13 16 15 16 
3 
4+4 
*9 
1+8 
4+9 
4+9 
I ’ .115 16 a 
5 16 13 U 

76' 9 
76+8 
76' ( 
52' e 
52'» 
52 + 8 
IS 7 e 
1S*/« 
333 
33’ . 
33+. 
3 3 *. 
58 
58+4 
5o7r 
SOG 
5o7e 
71' 
7 1 '. 
71' 
22 
22 
22 
14*. 
14*. 
567r 
567* 
5 6 'e 
43 
43 a 
(3 
63 
49 
49 a 
4 9 't 
49 
49'8 
49 
4 2 *. 
42»« 

 b 
3*8 
1'9 
7 ' a 
3*9 
1*9 a 
3+4 b b 
A' A 

S' 
1*9 
3 '4 
1+4 b 
5+4 

I 16 
7 '. 

I 16 
6o 
7o 
7o 
8o 
9o 
3o 
35 
4o 
+4 
25 IS 16 
3o 
'9 
3o 
4 
35 
+9 
7o 
I 
MO 
I 
3o 
6'1 
35 73 16 
. 4o 
45 
2o 
25 
3o 
6o 
7o 
IS a 
4o l l 16 
45 
SO 
2o 
25 
'a 
JO 
I U 
IO 
6*8 
35 
7 * t 
4o 
5 U 
45 
I 16 
$5 
6o 
7o 
8o 

2*8 
*4 
8*8 
4+8 
1*4 27 16 
7 16 IS U 
19 16 29 16 
<4 b 
3 'a 
5 
2’ a 
3+1 
5 16 13 16 a b 
H a 77 16 
*9 
*4 b b 
4 
5 
9 16 l l 16 b ti 
9*8 

Gen Fd 
3o 
7 a a 
31H 
G en Fd 
35 
3 16 a a 
31*8 
H ew 1 et 
7o 
5*8 
7' 7 a 
71U 
H ew te* 
8o IS 16 
2*8 
4+a 
7 1*. 
H e w 'e t 
VO 
H 
13 16 b 
71 * , 
H Inn s 
IO 
2 + 8 
2*8 
3 
U U 
H In n s 
15 
'ft 
5 16 
9 16 
12+8 
H o n w ll 
4o 
8+4 
8 ’ e b 
48*) 
Hon w it 
45 
4 
5+e 
6 '8 
4 8 ') 
H o n w ll 
5o 17 16 
2*8 
3' 2 
48*f 
In F Iv 
2o 
I 
1H 
23 16 
X 
In F lv 
75 
' 8 
7 16 a 
2o 
J M a n v 
25 
6 
6*b b 
3o V 
J M a n v 
X 
I * . 
2'? 
3+4 
3oH 
J M a n v 
35 
5 16 
*8 
15 16 
3 o 't 
M G IC 
IS 
I U 
2+4 
3 
16 
M G IC 
IO 
+4 
*8 
I 
16 
M o b il 
TO 
K H a b 
67*) 
M o b il 
55 
13 b b 
67 3) 
M o b il 
6o 
7 *. 
8 a 
6 5 '. 
M o b 'l 
65 
3 'ft 
4+4 
5+4 
6 7 *i 
M o b il 
7o 
15 16113 16 29 16 
6 7 ') 
N S em i 
15 
4+8 
4*8 
5+4 
U H 
N Semi 
X 
I 16 
2 
2H 
19+8 
N S em i 
75 
+4 
H 
I 
19'a 
N Semi 
3o 
' 8 
3 16 b 
19H 
N S em i 
35 
I 16 b b 
IV' ( 
N Sem i 
4o 
I 16 t i b 
U U 
O cci 
15 
9*4 
IO U b 
25 
O cci 
X 
4 *. 
5+4 
5 H 
25 
O cci 
25 
I +8 
1 H 
2' ? 
25 
R a y th n 
TO 
V a a a 
57 
R a y th n 
6o 
I 16 
2+8 
3+2 
57 
R a y th o 
7o 
I 16 ti ti 
57 
R y n iris 
6o 
6* . a a 
66 V 
R v o id s 
7o 
*8 
I a 
6 6 V 
S lu m b n 
6o 
1*8 
3’ J 
4*4 
58 
S lu m b 
66*8 
5 16 
’f t b 
58 
•S kylin 
15 
I 
I U 
2 
15'o 
S k y lin 
X 
'ft 
*8 
*8 
IS H 
Sou tho 
15 
1*8 a 
17 16 
16'ft 
St Ind 
5o 
3 'J 
4' 7 
4 H 
52*. 
St ln d 
55 
I 
I U 
7+8 
52*. 
St le d 
6o 
3 16 
'f t 
H 
5 2*. 
T x G II 
25 
5*4 a a 
3o*) 
T x G II 
X 
17 16 
2*8 
3 
X U 
T x G it 
35 
3 16 b b 
X U 
U A L 
2o 
I U 
2 + 8 
3'■ 
X U 
U A L 
25 
3 16 l l 16 
I 
2 o ’ ) 
U A L 
X 
I 16 
Vt b 
X U 
U Tech 
3o 
6 H a ti 
36*) 
U Tech 
35 
2 'ft 
3 
A 
3 6 ') 
U Tech 
4o 
7 16 
I 
I 'ft 
36+) 
J W a lt 
35 
I U 
2+4 a 
34V 
J W a lt 
4o 
+4 l l 16 
I 
34V 
W illm s 
X 
5 
5+2 a 
25 
W illm s 
25 l l 16 
I U 
2'ft 
25 

'a 
2 'a a a 
5*8 
6+8 
I'.2 1 1 16 

3A. 
1+4 b 
3*8 
1+J 
7*9 

5 'a 
2+8 
IO 
4 
7 'e 

I 16 
8+8 
3+4 
*9 
3*4 

I U 
114 

1*8 
5 16 
4 * . 
17 16 
9 
2*8 
I 
3*9 
P a 23 16 b b a b 
3*4 
4+8 
IS 16 17 16 
4*8 
6 
I l l 16 19 16 
4*4 a 
I * . 
2 '» 
' 7 ti b b 
2211 U 
I 16 
*9 

S 's 
Z'u 
3 U 
I 16 

I 16 
6' 

Inve st 
C om m 
V e e * v e n d G th 
V e n d Inc 

7 o6 
7 2? 
6 21 6 79 
7 9o 
« 63 
3 87 N I 
3 94 NL 
'• n g u e r d G ro u p 
E v p lr 
IM IO NL 
F H d x l l 95 N L 
Iv e s ! 
7 52 NL 
M a r t 
IO MR N I 
Trw S * 
9 o6 N L 
W e*"J 
U 17 NL 
W e n In 
9 79 NL 
9 SS 
IO *4 
West 
B 
9 6o NL l l 82 
IS MI 
W in * 
IO 29 NL 
W 2511 VT 
Mat Ii i 
J 46 
I 76 
* OI 
1 7$ 
Wet ISI G 6 73 
6 81 
7 36 
M o4 
Ween F g 
IO 71 N I 
9 79 U TO 
W estf O rt 7 14 
I 76 l l 6412 f t f t , M mu 
$ IS 
5 84 
9o N L I 
NL 
No toa d 
^o H i j tv a U k tfm rg e ) 

IO 
IS 
2o 
8o 
9o l l 16 
IOO 
'a 
HO 
I U 
35 13 16 
4o 
'a 
45 
I U 
4o 19 U 
45 
3 16 
5o 
1 
5o l l 16 
6o 
' 
7o 
I U 

 b b 
O b 
2 
4*8 
*8 
2*4 
*8 15 U 
8 
9*8 
5 
6 ' J 
1*8211 16 b b 
I * . b 
I 'ft 
I 16 

7*8 l l 16 

3 U 
4 '9 
. l l 16 l f 16 

1o*4 
5*8 
2*4 b 
3 'x 
H a b 
3*8 
1*8 b 
5 

I 
I 
I 46' 

A E P 
A E P 
A rn HUS 
Am FIO* 
A M P 
A M P 
B a lly 
B a lly 
Baxter 
B a xte r 
Baxter 
B a x te r 
B lk O k i l k Ok 
B lk D x 
Boeing 
Boemg 
B o e in g 
Bot* C 
Be-. C 
BO)* C 
Coke 
Cake 
C oke 
Cot g a t 
Coigat f m w E d 
C m w B d 
C m w E d 
C OMO 
C Data 
6 “ p e n 
On P » n 
I Cm D v n 

2o 
25 
25 
3o 
25 
3o 
2o 
75 
3o 

M a y 
A ug 
NOV 

3 16 
2*4 
*9 
1*8 

4 
5 16 
3*9 
I 16 
3*4 
I I 16 
2*9 

5 
25 16 
4+4 
1*8 l l 16 

 f a 
)' 
3*8 
35 15 U 
4o a 
45 
I 16 
15 27 U 
>o 
5 16 
25 
I U 
I * * 
J H 
6 ’ » a 
45 IS 16113 16 29 16 lo5 

5*4 
I 
I 
2 * i a a b 
? + i 
3 
9 16 IS 16 b b 
M's ti 

2$ 
1o 
IS to 
MO 
9o 
11 
1o 
$ 
11 
JO 
H 
45 
SO 
6o 

I 
2*8 
*9 
IO 
3+8 
3 16 
I 
I 16 

3*4 
*9 
11*4 
8*4 
»+. 

J * 
13 U l l * 4 
4 't b 
1*9 
3 16 a 
*4 
I 16 
3*9 
13 U 

IO 
4+9 

32+» 
32 >. 
37+8 
4 2 '* 
42+8 
4 7 '* 
ST). 
+ 7 ‘ 4 
57 + . 
33' 8 
33'a 
33 
68 
68 
77'a 
27'a 
27'a 
/o>9 
7o + * 
35 
35 
33 
33’ 
33’ 
33’ 
46 
**m 
46 
57+a 
57 + a 
57*8 
2o 
TO 
2o 
51*8 
51** 
51*8 
76+. 
76*4 
76*. 
35+4 
35’ . 
35 . 
25 

33’ . 
33’ . 
77*. 
77*. 
36- 4 
36 . 
36’ . 
36 ' . 
28-4 
2 8 '. 
7# 
6 I 7* 
6 1 '. 
3 7 '* 
37 
3 7 '* 
3 7 '. 
2o 
7o 
2o 
3 4 , 
36 
36 
36 
59 
59 
5 9 '. 
5 9 *. 
U U ] 
I4*» 
1 4 '. 
85 
85 
85 
85 
34*. 
3 4 '. 
3 4 '. 
4o’ 4 
4o’ . 
4 o '. 
5o*. 
5o*. 
SO*. 

24 
74 
2 6 '. 
76' A 
26 I i i i 
2 1 '. 
23 
Ii 
33 
33 
U M 
16+a 
16 i i , 
43 ■ 
43 r n 
I U , 

T o ta l v o lu m e 92,978 
Open in te re s t 1,68o.278 a N ot tra d e d b No o p tio n o tte re d 
Chicago Grain 

C H IC A G O (A P ) -- S oybean fu tu re s ad vane eel to th e 3o ce nt a llo w a b le lim it on the C h ic a o o B o a rd of 
T ra d e T h u rs d a y , th en fp li b a c k a le w p e n n ie s u nd er p r o fit 
(ak mg 
As soybeans a d v a n c e d , n e w life o f con tra c t h ig h s a g a in w e re set 
The n e a rb y 
M a rc h c o n tra c t a d v a n c e d the d a ily lim it 
.m d the n e x t th re e m o n th s a d v a n c e d 29' ? ce nts e ach b e fo re th e s e lto tf 
S oybean m e a l w a s up Vt 5o a to n , ju s t s h o rt of the d a ily lim it , w h ile so ybe an o il p ric e s c lo sed little c h a n g e d a tte r a h e a v y p ro fit ta k in g ta ll 
The h e a v y tra d in g a c tiv ity in the soy b ea n c o m p le x in flu e n c e d a d e m a n d in w h e a t c o rn and oats, fu tu re s w h ic h h a d o pened m o s tly on the lo w Side The w h e a t 
,m d c o rn a d v a n c e d 2 to 
2' 1 c e n ts b u t clo sed m ix e d u n d e r la te p ro fit ta k in g 
O ats tost a b o u t J ce nts 
Iced b ro ile rs w e re up * . ce nt a p ou nd on a good m ix e d d e m a n d 
The e a rly s e llin g in g ra in s w a s a ttr ib o t cd to n e w p re c ip ita tio n o v e r the South w est and M id d le W est, g oo d fo r w in te r w ile s ! and su bso il m o is tu re 
The d e m a n d tor c o m m o d itie s in th e s o ybe an c o m p le x , h o w e v e r, w as in flu e n c e d a q a m b y con c iT ii th a i the c ro p m ig h t ta ll s h o rt of needs b o u tre the 1977 (m rv e s t a g a in 
W ith in m in u te s a tte r the o p e n in g , soy beans w e re u p 12 to U c e n ts a b ush el and an h o u r a tte r th a i th e M a r ch c o n tra c t h it the lim it 
S d e lle rs w e re f a ir ly s c a rc e th ro u g h the f ir s t h a lf o f th e session in th e c o m p le x b u t th e ir n u m b e r in c re a s e d as the p ro fit ta k n g e x p a n d e d 
C o m m e rc ia l in v o lv e m e n t w a s n ote d m o s tly at th e o p e n in g a nd close 
S pecula fiv e b u y in g w as the b ig g e s t fa c to r rn the ris e 
A* the clo se, s o y b e a n s w e re 5 to 2 5 'j c e n ts a b u sh e l h ig h e r. 
M a rc h 
8 2 6 '2. w h e a t w a s u n c h a n g e d to 
I ' , h ig h e r, 
M a rc h 2 7o' ? c o rn w a s *« lo w e r to 1+. h ig h e r, M a rc h 2 53 a nd o a ts w e re 1+4 to 
7 '. to w e r. M a rc h I 7| 
O p e n 
H ig h L o w C lo s e P re v 
W H E A T (5.ooo bu) 
M a r 
2 69 
2 73 
2 68 ? 2 7 o'J 7 69’ 2 
M a y 
2 77’ j 
2 8 ! '. 
2 7 6 'j 2 TM 
2 7 7 'j 
Jut 
7 85 
7 88*4 
7 8 3U 2 8 5 *. 2 8 4 '/ 
7 91 
2 9 5 '/ 2 91 
J 9 2'» 2 9 1 *. 
D er 
3 o1 
3 o 5 '. 
3 o o '. 3 o2 
3 o? 
M a r 
3 o9’ 2 3 u 
3 O I' * 3.11+9 3 H 
C O R N (5.ooo b u l 
M a r 
2 5 3 *. 
2 54*4 2 57' 
M a y 
2 6o’ 4 
7 6 1 '. 7 59’ 
Jut 
7 6 4 '. 2 67 
Sop 
7 66' 
V 69 ' , 
Dec 
2 68 
2 72 
M a r 
2 74 
2 77') 
O A T S (5,ooo bu) 
M a r 
I 78' 
.- I 8o 
M a y 
I 77’ 2 I 75*4 
I 72' 
Jut 
I 66 
I 69 
I 65’ 
Sep 
I 61 
1 64+. I 6o' 
D er 
I 63 
I 66' 2 
I 63 
S O Y B E A N S ! 5,ooo bu) 

2 63' 
2 66 
7 68 
2 73* 

I 71 

M a r 
M a y 
Jut 
A ug 
Sop 
NOV 
Jan 
M a r 
M a y 

8 o5 
M o8 
8 o9 
8 o 5 
7 67 
I 25' 
I 33 
7 39 
7 41 

8 32 
8 3 7 'i 
8 36' . 
8 2 9 ', 
I 8 3 '. 
I 45 
7 48 
I A l'I 
I 48 

8 o3 
I o7' 1 m o ; 
• oo 
7 6) 
7 » '» 
7 31 
I 37' » 
7 41 

2 53 
2 6o 
2 64 
2 66 i 
2 69 +4 
7 75'4 

I 78 
I 73 
I bV 1 
I 62'4 
I 6 3 ', 

8 26' , 
8 79 
I 26 
8 U 
7 71 
7 31 
7 39 
7 44 
7 45 

M a r 
M a y 
Jut 
Aug 
Sep 
O ct 
D er 
Jan 
M a r 
Ma- 

S O Y B E A N O IL (6o.ooo lb s) 

 a 
I U 
I I H 
S H b 
JU a 
I 
1$ 16 
B 
4*9 
I H ti 
B 

MO 
8o 

M 

 r 

2 53+4 
7 6o'4 
2 64' 2 
7 bb 2 
2 68 1 
2 74 

I 79■. 
I 7$ 
I 68 1 
I 63' ) 
I 65 2 

8 OI 
8 o7 
1 o 8 
8 OO' / 
I 57 
7 26 
I 32 
I 35 
7 37 

74 65 
24 83 
25 o5 
25 15 
25 IO 
25 o5 
24 95 
24 95 
25 IO 
25 IO 

M a r 
226 5o 236 5o 226 5o 216 OO 225 2o 
M a y 
232 OO 24o IO 231 OO 739 5o 231 OO 
Jut 
213 TO IAI OO 731 5o 
24o SO 232 oo 
A u g 
217 MO 7*o OO 732 OO 
239 OO 23o 9o 
SH) 
ZIA OO 729 OO 222 SO ZZl 5o 22 1 5o 
O K 
TOT OO 2o9 OO 2o3 5o 
2o6 OO 2o1 5o 
Dec 
2o2 5o 2o 7 oo 7o1 5o 
2o4 5o 2o1 SO 
Jan 
2o4 OO 2o7 OO 2o2 OO 2o4 SO 2o1 5o 
M a r 
HU OO 7o6 oo 2o1 SO 
2o5 OO 2oo 5o 
M a I r n OO 2o7 OO 2o? OO 2o5 OO 2o* 5o 

T rru M irv H i l l s 

24 6o 
75 oo 
75 3o 
75 3o 
75 3o 
25 3o 
25 2o 
76 3o 
75 4o 

25 25 
25 SS 
25 85 
25 9o 
26 oo 
25 I i 
75 6o 
25 5o 
25 6o 

24 55 
24 75 
25 IO 
25 IT 
25 2o 
25 OO 
24 IS 
25 OO 
75 IS ay t i » 
Ti 6o 
I i IS 
S O Y B E A N M E A L (IQC ton s) 

25 65 
24 95 
25 IS 
25 2o 
I i IO 
25 IS 
24 95 
25 oo 
25 15 las is 

N E W Y ORK (A P ) 
(J S T re a s u ry B ills for T h u rs d a y 
Due 
B id A sk Y id 
19/7 
I 3 
3 I 
3 IO 
3 IT 
3 24 
3 31 
4 5 
4 
7 
4 U 
4 21 
4 28 
5 I 
5 
5 
5 12 
5 19 
5 26 
5 31 
6 7 
6 9 
6 U 

4 58 
4 16 o 26 
4 54 
4 78 4 34 
4 53 
4 77 4 13 
4 49 
4 73 4 79 
4 48 
4 27 4 29 
4 49 
4 73 4 3o 
A 5o 
4 J6 4 44 
4 49 
4 35 4 43 
4 4V 
4 39 4 47 
4 57 
4 45 4,54 
4 55 
4 45 4 57 
4 6 J 
4 49 4 59 
4 6o 4 52 4 82 
4 61 4 53 4 63 
4 62 4 54 4 65 
4 61 A 53 4 64 
A 6 l 4 57 4 69 
4 91 4 87 5 o6 
4 66 4 56 4 68 
4 67 4 57 4 69 

6 21 
6 St b JO 
7 
I 
J 14 
7 21 
7 76 
I 28 
I 
4 
* l l 
8 18 
8 73 
8 25 
9 
I 
9 2o 
1o ta 
II 15 
12 l l 
TV Ut 
I IO 
I 

4 TO i 6o 4 71 
4 77 4 6? 4 75 
4 73 
4 63 4 /7 
4 l l 
A bt A 81 
4 8o 
4 7o 4 15 
4 8o 
4 /o 4 85 
4 84 
4 74 4 91 
4 83 4 71 4 89 
4 86 4 76 4 92 
4 89 4 79 4 96 
4 9o 4 82 5 OO 
4 9o 4 82 5 oo 
4 9o 4 84 5 o7 
4 91 4 8 / 5 o6 
4 98 4 86 5 o5 
5 o6 4 98 5 19 
5 2o 5 o2 5 24 
5 U 5 o6 5 29 

5 18 5 IO 5 35 
5 19 5 l l 5 38 
S ubject to F e d e ra l* taxe s b u t n ot to 
S t a t e t n t om e taxes 

H illlt*r anil ligg* 

C H IC A G O (A P ) 
((J S D A ) 
B u tte r 
R e a d y , w n ote sale b u y in g p ric e s T h u rs d a y u n ch a n g e d 
Ti sco re A A 9o 82 92 A 9o 8? 
9o B u n q u o te d 
E g g . m o s tly s te a d y , sates d e liv e re d store (toot c a rto n s u n c h a n g e d , k e x tra la rg e 66 73 A la rg e 65 7o 
A m e d iu m s 59 
64 

N E W Y O R K 1 A P I 
(U S O A ) 
W hole sale egg o ffe rin g s a m p le , d e m a n d fa ir 
W holesale s e llin g p r.c e s based on vol u rn , sate* 
New Y o rk spot q u o ta tio n s fo llo w 
W h ile s fa n c y U + g * A lt o f a n c y m e d iu m VS 
56 F a n c y s m a ll* VO 52 

Amex Options | Treasury Bonds I 
Futures 

Thu rsday, M a r 
3 
Option 8, 
Aetna 
Aetna 
Aetna 
Am Cva 
Am Cya 
Am Horn 
Am Horn 
Am Horn 
Asarco 
Asarco 
Beat F 
Beat F 
Burrqh 
B u rrah 
B u rrqh 
Chase 
Chase 
Chase 
C Tel 
Deere 
D eere 
Dm Eel 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eq 
Dm Eq 
Dig Eg 
Dig Eq 
Disney 
D'snev , 
Disney 
D isney 
Disney 
D isney 
Disney do Pnt do Pot do Pet fst Ch 
Es' Ch t st Ch 
G Tot 
G Tot 
GiUet 
O'I let 
Good yr 
Goodyr 
Greyhd 
Gull O 
Gull O 
Here UI 
H F C 
H E C 
Lilly 
L illy 
Lilly 
Lilly 
M e rril 
M e rr it 
M erril 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
M otrla 
M o trla pt i mr 
P t i/e r 
Phelps 
Pii nips 
Ph M er 
Ph M or 
Pitney 
Pitney 
Prof G 
Proc G 
P ile A 
Rite A 
St Cal 
S' Cal 
St C al 
T R W 
T R W 
T andy 
T and / 
T andy 
T andv 
T o *geo 
Texaco 
U Carb 
U Carb 
U Carb 
U S st 
U S St 
Wrn I m 
Wrn Lm 
Westnq 
Westng 

A M E 
A M t 
A M F 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A 
Avnef 
Avn et 
Bally 
B ally 
C aterp 
C a lera 
Con t d 
Con Ed 
Dr Pep 
Dr Pep 
El Pas 
I leetw 
I leetw 
G race 
Grar e 
I a Pac 
I a Pac 
M G IC 
M G IC 
N DiSt 
N Semi 
N S rm i 
N Semi 
N Semi 
Norf S 
Penney 
Penney 
Penney 
Penney 
Phil P 
Phil P 
Phil P 
Res OO 
R e OO 
Res CG 
Searle 
Si a rle 
Simp P 
S im p P 
Sterlg 
Sterlq 
T ennco 
Tenne O 
Tennco 
T iqer 
Tiger 
Zenith 
Zenith 

 price 
Apr 
Jut 
Oct Close 
25 
5’ 4 b b 
3o'4 
3o IS 16115 16 27 16 
3o'4 
35 
<8 
'3 
3o’ 4 
25 
3»Yi a a 
28*9 
3o 
<4 l l 16 l'e 
28*y 
25 
6' 4 
6*S 
7 
31*9 
3o 
I * . 
2'4 
2*b 
313 f 
35 
Mi 
7 *6 b 
31*o 
15 
4'3 
434 
5 
19' 3 
2o 
*4 
I' 3115 16 
19'•, 
25 
*8 
1>4 a 
2434 
3o a a 
*8 
24:1,4 
7o 
2'e 
4*4 
6*9 
69** 
8o 
:3 16 13 16 
2'/4 
69 *n 
9o 
I 16 
3 16 l l 16 
69+% 
25 
6 a b 
3 1 4 
3o 17 16 
13 4 
2' 4 
31' 4 
35 
' 8 
3b 
9 16 
31’ 4 
15 ll 16 
Ila a 
16 
25 
3*8 
4 a 
28 * I 
3o 
7 16 
13 16 17 16 
2 8 '1 
45 
I 7 8 
334 
4 7 8 
44'4 
46+h l l 16213 16 b 
44'., 
5o 
3b 
1*9211 16 
44'4 
53 is 
' 8 13 16 b 
44'4 
56*8 
I 16 b b 
44'4 
6o 
I 16 
1 4 
*9 
44' , 
35 
4' 3 
5' 3 
6’ 3 
387 f 
387b 
I '4213 16 b 
387s 
«o 
I' a 
2'3 
3' 3 
387 f 
43 l 4 
5 16 l l 16 b 
38 7e 
45 
3 16 
7b 19 16 
38 7o 
48' / 
I 16 a b 
38 7 e 
SO 
I 16 
' 4 b 
38 7o 
12o 
1o*8 
12' 3 
14' 3 129 
13o 
3'4 
6*8 
8'4 
129 
14o 
'8 23 16 
3*4 
129 
14' 4 
*B b b 
14 
15 
3 8 a 
I* a 
14 
2o 
I 16 
3 16 
Vt 
14 
25 a 
4*8 b 
29'4 
3o 
5 16 
3 4 
I 
29' 4 
25 
I ’ 4 115 16 25 16 
26'8 
3o a 
5 16 
'3 
26'8 
2o 
I >4 
2 ' h?1I 16 
21' ; 
25 
' 81 
5 16 
9 16 
21' 3 
15 
5 16 
' 3 l l 16 
15 
25 
5 
5'8 
5'4 
297s 
3o 
*8 
13 16 
I' 3 
297b 
25 
7 1 6 ll 16 
1*8 
23*4 
2o 
*8 
7 8 
I' 4 
2o'a 
25 a 
3 16 
'•4 
2o’ e 
4o 
3'a 
4' n 
5 
43'4 
45 
9 16 
19 16 23 16 
43+4 
5o 
'8 
5 16 
*8 
43’ 4 
6o a 
>-• b 
43'-'4 
2o l l 16115 16 29 16 
2o 
25 
I 16 
7 16 13 16 
2o 
3o 
I 16 b b 
2o 
25 
9'4 b b 
34’ . 
3o 
414 
5>4 b 
34' . 
35 1/ 16 
23/4 
3*8 
34' . 
ICI 
5 16 IS 16 
17b 
34' 
45 
2*8 
3+4 
478 
47 
SO 
' 3 19 16 29 16 
47 
25 
?7 8 a 
3’e 
27*i 
3o 
3 16 
9 16 15 16 
77 1 
35 
2'4 
3' 8 
334 
36'-4 
1o 
' 8 13 16 
I' 4 
36' 1 
5o 
5'4 
6 
6 7r 
55’ i 
AO 
5 16 l l 16113 16 
55’ 1 
15 a 
3'4 a 
173/< 
2o 
3 16 
9 16 
I 
17>, 
8o 
334 
5' i 
7 
823- 

U S. Treasury Bonds 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — Closing Over the 
Counter 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Bonds for 
Thursday 
Rate 
M at date 
Bid AskedBidC hqYid 
6 5o M a r 
1977n 
IOO 2 IOO 6 3 55 
7 38 A p r 1977n 
IOO 1o1oo.14— . I 4 3o 
6 88 M a y 
1977n IOO 111oo 15 
4 3o 
9 OO M a y 
1977n 1oo 241oo 78 
A 75 M a y 
I977n 1oo 131oo 17 
6 5o Jun 
1977n 1 o o 1 4 1 o o 1 8 
7 5o Jut 
1977n IOO 311o1 3 
7 75 Auq 
1977n 1o1 5 1o1 9 
8 25 Auq 
!977n 1o1 141o1 
18 
8 38Sep 
1977n 
1o1 231o1 27 — 
I 
7 5oO ct 
1977n 
1o1 121o1 16 c .1 
7 75 NOV I977n 
1 o 1 1 9 1 o 1 2 3 * 
I 
6 63 NOV 1977n 
IOO 281o1 
+ 
.1 
7 25 Dec 197 Zn 
1o1 131o1 17 
6 38 
Jan 
1978n 
1oo 241oo.28 + 
A 2.5 Eeb 1978n 
IOO 2o1oo 24 * 
8 OO Feb 1978n 
1o2 1o1o7 14 + 
6 75 M ar 
1978n 1o14 1o18 
* 
6 5o A p r 1978n 
1oo 3 o 1 o 1 2 -F 
7 13M ay 1978n 
IQI 191o1 23 * 
7 8 8 M a y 1978n 
1o2 141o2 18 + 
7 13M ay 1978n 
1o1 2o1o1 24 * 
6 88 
Jun 
1978n 1o1.121o1 16 + 
6 88 Jut 1978n 
1o1 121o1 16 
7 63 Auq 1978n 
8 75 A ug I978n 
6 63 A uq 1978n 
6 25 Sep 
1978n 
5 88 Oct 
1978n 
6 oo N ov 1978n 
5 75 NOV 1978n 
5 75 D ec !978n 
8 13 Dec 1978n 
5 88 
Jan 
)979h 
I OO f eb 1979n 
5 88 F e b 1979n 
7 88 M a v 1979n 
7 75 
Jun 
1979n 
6 75 Aug 1979n 
6 88 A uq 1979n 
8 5o Sep 1979n 
6 75 N o v 19 79n 
6 63 NOV !979n 
7 oo NOV 1979n 
7 5o Dec 1979n 
4 oo 
Feti 
198o 
A 5o F eb 198oO 
7 5o M ar 
198on 
6 88 M a y 198on 
7 63 Jun 
198on 
9 OO Auq 198on 
6 88 Sep 
198on 
3 5o 
NOV 
198o 
5 88 D ec 198on 
7 OO Fob 1981n 
7 38 F e b 198In 
ASR M a r 
198In 
7 38M a y !981n 
7 OO Auq 1981 
7 68 Aug !981n 
7 OO Nov I981n 
7 75 NOV 1981n 
A 13 Fob 1982n 
6 38 
Feb 
1982 rt OC M a y 1982n 
8 13 A ug 1987n 
/ 88 NOV 1987n 
8 OO F eb 1983n 
125 Jun 
1978 83 
7 OO NOV 1983n 

1o2 141o7 18 + 
1o3 3o1o4 7 
* 
1o1 2 1o1 6 * 
IOO 151oo 19 * 
99 77 99 31 * 
1oo I IOO 5 
* 
99 19 99 21 + 
98 77 98 24 ♦ 
1o3 151o3 19 * 
99 21 99 23 * 
1o1 721o1 3o ♦ 
99 21 99 23 * 
1o3 191o3 27 + 
1o3 131o3 71 + 
1oo 5 IOO 13 + 
1o1 171o1 7o * 
1o55 1o5 13 + 
99 25 99 29 c 
1oo 241o1 
+ 
1o1181o1 26 + 
1o2 731o2 31 + 
93 22 94 6 + 
IOO 7 IOO l l * 
1o2 271o2 3o + 
IOO 3o1o1 6 * 
1o3 
1o3 8 
* 
1o7 6 1o7 14 * 
1oo 2 2 IOO 3o - 
9o 18 91 18 4- 
97 IO 97.14 i 
IOO 241o1 
* 
1o1 311o2.7 
* 
1oo 1o1oo 12 + 
1o1.281o2 4 
* 
1o1 
1o2 
* 
o7 761o3 2 
* 4 
IOO 121oo 2o * 
1o3 5 1o3 13 + 
96 76 96 28 * 
98 8 
98 74 ♦ 
1o4 1o1o4 18 * 
1o4 251o5 I 
* 
1o3 741o4 
♦ 
1o4 111o4 19 + 
82 6 
83 6 * 
99 14 99 18 * 

4 25 
4 37 
4 65 
4 7o 
4 79 
4 92 
5 o3 
5 13 
5 19 
5 22 
5 37 
5 37 
5 43 
5 42 
5 53 
5 53 
5 61 
5 65 
5 69 
5 68 
5 75 
5 75 
5 78 
5 78 
5 85 
5.9o 
5.9C 
5 96 
5 98 
6 OI 
6o5 
5 93 
6 o7 
5 98 
6 o4 
6 o7 
6 IS 
6 19 
6 29 
6 22 
6 76 
6 32 
6.19 
6 37 
6 43 
6 46 
6 57 
6 55 
6 58 
6 o9 
6 65 
6 71 
6 73 
6 77 
6 78 
6 48 
6 81 
6 
6 84 

C H IC A G O (A P ) - 
Futures tradin g on the Chicago M e rc a n tile E xchange Tburs day 
Open 
H igh LowClose 
P ry 
L IV E B E E F C A T T L E (4o,ooo lbs) 
Apr 
38 oo 
3o 15 
37 7o 
37 72 
37 87 
■ 
4o 47 ■ 
41 55 
42 3o 
43 55 
44 4o 
44 82 

4o 4o 
41 35 
47 25 
43 35 
44 27 
44 75 

Jun 
Auq 
Oct 
Dec 
Feb 
Apr 
Sales 
April 3o91, June 
Oct 248. Dec 166. Feb 66 

4o o5 
4o 25 
4o 3o 
41 22 
41 3o 
41 25 
41 8o 
41 8o 
41 9o 
43 25 
43 3o *4 3 2o 
44 o5 b44 17 
44 25 
44 55 
44 ss a 44 67 
275o 
Aug 1o5o; 
A p ril 7o 

Metals 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
H 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - P ittsb urgh scrap 
I heavy w as quoted Thursday steel No bv Iron Age at $72 OO 73 OO 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - prices (W h o le sale ): 

A lu m in u m ,lb ,N Y 
Antim ony. A m erican 

Spot com m odity 
P rev. Y e a r 
Today D ay 
48 
48 

1 78 
1 78 
1 6o 

Open interest: April 17431; June 13894; iuq 7o75 
Oct 7315, Dec 12o5. Feb 875; 
April 5o5 
F E E D E R C A T T L E (42,ooo lbs) 
M ar 
Apr 
M ay 
Auq 
Sec 
Oct 
NOV 
Sales 
Aug C; 
Open interest 

38 87 
39 95 
« 9o 
41 67 
•ll 8o 
42 oo 
42 2o 
M arch 722 
A pril 132 
Sep 74, Oct 96. Nov 6 
I fere! 

38 ta 
39 6o 
4o 5o 
41 45 
41 TO 
41 8o 
42 2o 

38 5o 
39 55 
4o 35 
4o 5o 
41 3o 
41 3o 
41 6o a41 6o 
417o 
418o 
41 85 a41 85 

38 72 b38 4o 
39 6o 
39 57 
4o 47 
41 25 
41 7o 
41 75 
42 oo 
M a y 168. 

M arch 276. 
April 
73o; 

9o 
. IS 
7o 
35 

3 16 15 16 
7' ■} 
'? 
I 17 16 
I 16 a a 
53/4 
6* 4 b 
4o111 Id 77 16 
2j 4 
45 a 
7 16 13 16 
2«* 
7r 8 
35 13 16 
4o 
3o 
35 
4o 
45 
25 
3o 
5o 
6o 
7o 
45 
5o 
3o 
35 
15 
7o 

6 '* 
2 *8 
»8 
I 16 
3’ 
'8 usa 
V t a 
2*8 
5 16 
7 16 a 
2*4 
3 16 

 sn 15 16 b b 
3*4 
4*8 
I>8 
2'4 
+8 13 16 
3*8 
9 16 
12'? 

St* 

M ay 
7 
7'8 
3 16 
17*8 
7' 4 
3 

3'8 l'e 
VB 

3’8 
9 16 
Aug 

7 *8 

I' 
?7b 

5 
2'4 
4 ' 4 
17 16 

15 
2o 
25 
IO 
15 
2o 
25 
’ e 
IS 
S '7 
2o 
' 4 
2o 
4 
25 
13 16 
5o 
3 
55 
V 
2o 
2' 7 
25 a 
1o215 16 
IS 
'4 
IS 
*8 
15 
*B 
TO 
' 8 
25 
3o 
15 
7o 
15 
TO 
'4 
25 l l 16 
IS 
4*8 
7o l l 16115 16 
25 a 
9 16 
3o 
I 16 i 
7o 
'4 
9 16 
4o 
3'4 
4' 4 
45 13 16111 16 
5o 

5 b 
4' 7 
1’ 8 
I'J a 
3' 7 
I 
Nov a b 
2’ 7?11 16 
3 a 
9 16 b 
8 
4' 7 
7 b 
3'a 
*8 13 16 
53; 
3 
5'4 a 
7*8 
5 16 

4*8V 
I 

I ' 

I 1 8 
1»8 
5 16 a l l 16 17 16 
I *8 
1+4 
5 16 a 
7*8 
2’ s 
*8 
I 
I 15 16 
5*8 
2*7 
I b 

 l l 16 

4>4 

4 ' b 

55 
55 
6o 
7o 

 a 
1' 4 
5 
?>• 

IO 
8 'i 

5 
2'b b b 
5*8 
338 
9 16 b 
4' 7 
I ' * 
7'a 

IO 
4*8 

 b 
3*7 
4' • 
'a 
P e 
P«113 16 
<8 
3 16 
3'e 
4 
IS 
9 16 15 16 13 16 
15 13 16 15 16 
P i 
TO 
I 16 
'e 
5 16 
3o 
5 a 
5'< 
35 IS 16 19 16115 16 
4o 
'n 
U b 
IO 
I ’ 8 
1'7 
1*4 
15 
'8 
»'4 
Je 
25 
13 16 
! * • 
2*8 
3o 
3 16 
>7 
*4 
Total volum e 38,837open interest 
955,259 a N C traded b No option ottered 

823< 
14*+ 
14*1 
4o’ I 
4o*1 
IO 71 
35' 
3 5 't 
3 6 'i 
36'. 
36' i 
36'. 
2 8 'i 
28’1 
6 P i 
61*. 
61*. 
46*. 
46'. 
2o' ; 
28' . 
17*. 
17 

2 P . 
21*. 
21 >. 
22'. 
22'. 
22'. 
22'. 
17'; 
17'. 
23’ 
23’ 
52 
52 
22' 
22' 
127r 
127 
15’o 
14 
14 
77 h 
72*. 
IS '. 
15' 4 
16 
16 
24 34 
19' 
19', 
1 9'i 
19’ i 
18' 
4 7 't 
42' 
42' 
4 2 'I 
57+, 
57*. 
57*. 
18 ie 
18 l l ' . 
11 ' 4 
13** e 
13*8 
IS' 
15' 
3 4 '4 
34' 
3 4 *4 
1o*» 
1o*8 
25 
25 

7 25 F e b 198-tn 
IOO 141oo 18 * 
6 38 
Aug 1984 
96 14 97 
14 
3 25 
M a y 1985 
77 12 78.17 + 
I 25 M ay 
1975 85 
82 24 83 24 
7 88 M a y 1986n 
1o3 5 1o3 13 ♦ 
8 OO Auq 1986n 
1o4 3 1o4 7 
♦ 
5 13 
NOV 1986 
95 6 96 
6 + 
3 5o 
Fob 199o 
72 14 73 
14 - 
3 25 M ay 
199o 
1o5 221o6 6 
1987 92 
1988 93 
1993 
1988 93 
1989 94 
1995 
1993 98 
1998 
1991 99 
1995 OO 
1995 oo 
1996 OI 

74 8 
75 8 ♦ 
73 2 
74 2 + 
95 16 96 16 * 
99 8 IOO 8 - 
72 12 73 12 
71 22 72 22 ♦ 
96 28 97 28 * 
71 2o 72 2o * 
1o6 221o7 6 ♦ 
1o1 8 1o1 16 + 
1o5 221o6 6 ♦ 
1o2 1o1o2 18 + 
1o4 241o5 8 + 
98 12 98 14 + 

4 25 Aug 
I OO f eb 
6 75 
Feb 
I SO Aqg 
I 13 M a / 
IOO fe b 
7 OO M ay 
} 5o Nov 
8 5o M a / 
7 88 Feb 
8 38 Auq 
9 OO Auq 
8 25 M ay 2ooo o5 
J 63 F eb 2oo2 o7 n * Treasury notes 
Bid and asked prices quoted in dollars and th irty seconds 
Subject to Federal taxes but not to State incom e taxes 

6 89 
6 88 
6 68 
6 94 
7 oo 
7 OI 
1 o4 
6 56 
7 o8 
7 15 
6 82 
6 72 
6 88 
7 34 
7 37 
6 67 
6 6o 
7 SO 
6 88 
6 67 
7 12 
7 48 
6 78 
5 4o 
7 2o 
5 72 
7 73 
7 72 
7 74 
7 73 
7 78 
7 78 

M ay 1296. A K U R *8 '»*b Sep 2S9. Oct 795; 
Nov 
162 
L IV E HOG S (3o,ooo lbs) 
Apr 
35 
2o 
35 2o 
34 4o 34 5o 
35 IO 
Jun 
36 9o 
36 9o 
36 15 36 3o 
36 8o 
JC 
38 35 
38 4o 
37 9o 38 OO 
38 IO 
Aug 
37 4o 
37 1o 
37 oo 37 OO a37 12 
Oct 
35 9o 
35 95 
35 5o 
35.5o 3 35 5o 
Dor 
16 7o 
37 OO 
36 7o 36 7o 
36 7o 
Fob 
38 4o 
38 45 
38 1 5 b38 2o b38 2o 
Apr 
— 
----------- b36 7o b36 5o 
Sales 
April 72o6 
June 1235; July 461; 
Aug 1o8 Oct 8o 
Dec 14, Feb 7, April o 
Open interest: April 6128; 
June 393o; 
July 7157 
Aug 1233, O d 729; Dec 272. 
Feb 93 
April 12 
P O T A T O E S ! russet b u rb a n k*) (8o,ooo lbs) 
M a y 
7 94 
7 99 
7 81 b7 88 a7 93 
Nov 
— - 
— 
------- n 7 37 
7 37 
Jan 
— 
— - 
------ n7 2o a7.7o 
M ar 
— 
------- 
------ n 8 56 n8 56 
Apr 
— 
- — 
------ n 8 6o 
o OO a8 6o 
Sales 
M ay 14; Nov o; Jan o; M arch o; 
April o 
Open interest 
M ay 2o2; NOV 4S; Jan I; 
M arch I 
April 6 
S H E L L EG GS (77,5oo dot) 
M ar 
57 6o 
58 SO 57 6o 58 5o 
57 25 
Apr 
SI (SO 
51 9o 51 5o 5 1 55 
SI 25 
M a y 
47 9o 48 25 
47 6o 48 OO 
47 9o 
Jon 
49 
75 
19 8o 
49 75 
49 8o 
49 5o 
JC 
51 OO 51 oo 
5o 25 
SI oo 
SI OO 
S«p 
5 5 2o 55 5o 
55 2o 
5 5 5o 
55 1o 
Sales 
M arch 265; A pril 124, M a y 66 
June 5; Jut I; Sep I 
Open interest 
M a rc h 579. 
A pril 626; 
M ay 383; June 1o4; Jut 2, Sep 16 
P O R K B E L L IE S (36.ooo lbs) 
51 5o 
52 o5 
57 17 
53 oo 
53 2 5 
5 3 75 
51 85 
52 OO 
55 7o b56 o5 bS6 2o 
54 75 a55 15 b55 35 

51 BO 
52 8o 
53 7o 
52 3o 

M ar 
52 OO 
52 55 
M ay 
53 7o 
53 5o 
Jut 
54 OO 
54 17 
Auq 
52 75 
53 1o f f b 
56 7o 
56 75 
M a r 
54 75 
55 9o 

Aug 152 Feb 14. M arch \ 
Open interest 
M arch 1273, M a y 4361 
July 7367 Aug 1237. Feb 164, M arch 91 b 
Bid a — Asked, n -N o m in a l 
IC E D B R O IL E R S (3o.ooo lbs) 
M ar 
Apr 
M ay 
Jun 
Jut 
Auq 
.Sep 

39 65 
4o 3o 
38 SOS38 «5 
39 IO 
39 7o 
4o 6o 
IO 6o l l 35 
41 5o 
4) OO 
41 5o 

39 6o 
38 SO 
39 4o 
4o 4o 
41 35 
41 OO 

4o 7o 
38 85 
39 7o 
4o 4o 
41 5o 
41 35 
4o 35 

39 5o 
38 2o 
39 25 
4o 15 
41 25 
41 OO 
4o 2o 

P a n h a n d le l . n r - l o r k 
A M A R IL L O , Tex 
(A P ) 
• 
Texas Pan randie and w estern 
O klah om a feedlot trade was fa irly active Thursday Slaugh 
'er steers and heifers steady to 25 higher, 
«s reported by the (JSDA 
Most feedlots 
»‘ported good buyer interest and inquiry 
Sales on 
1o.1oo slaughter steers. 
I5ooslauqhter heifers 
Slaughter steers 
Good and m ostly h o n e 7o 85 percent choice 2 4 1o25 115o bs 36 75 17 bd bulk 37 OO 37 SO 
Slaughter heifers 
Good and m ostly choice 7 I 9oo 975 lbs 34 75 35 5o, m ostly 
*5 OO 35 5o 

A M A R IL L O , Tex 
(AP)* 
Not enough ariot sales carcass beet reported Thurs 
Jay tor price trend 
Steer beef 
Choice 7 55o 7oo lbs 58 OO, 
N B O 3 6oo 7oo lbs 57 5o 

Over the 
Counter 

Quotations fro m Hic H A S D a re re p ro s o n ta iiv e in te r d e a le r p ric e s as of ap pro»nnrjtelv J P rn. Inter dealer m a rkets change throughout the day. P rices do not include retail m a rk u p , m a rk d o w n or com rn 1 ss ton. 
M a r. J, 1977 
Btd 
Asked 
Alam o Savings 
16 ; 
1/ 
Amer Fdrs. 
IS 4 
16 4 
A m rn est 
3 ’ a 
J 4 
Am er. Sec. I. if 
3 4 
4 
B exar Co. Bk 
34 
C afeterias inc. 
18 4 iv , 
Com m Prop 
J 
4 4 
Cullen 
IS .< 
16 
D aiuiiotni 
IV *4 
2o . 
(Dorchester Gas ll -u 
IT 7* 
El Paso Elec ll is l l '4 
Forest Oil 
2o « 
7o . fla n k 
23 k 
23 4 
Ff Sam Bk Shqres 
31 
Si 
Frost Bk 
7o J 
22'3 
G ull E nergv ll ; 4 
I? 
H andy Dan ll 4 
12 4 
H enry S. M iller 
8 1 
9 j 

 k cliv F leid Nil 
2o 
77 
Mere of T < Comm 
26 4 
26 4 
M ere of T X Pld 
64 . 
65 i 
M erchants 
18 4 l f 4 
NBC OI Te* 
36 
18 
O lym pia Brew 
6o 
61' J 
Peninsula 
13 4 
14 
Plato 
7 o7 
7 IO 
Pogo 
13 •» 
13 'n 
Shop Comm 
Shop Pfd 
V 4 
— 
Sigmor 
U s 
I J j 
St w art & Stvnson 
13 
U . 
I e«os Intl Air 
4 i 
4 7» 
I ippt ra rv 
7o 
2o . tra n sp o rt Lit 
S'u 
6 4 
W eatherford inti 
I i a 
I J' ; 
Winos 
27 4 
23 / 

E l . 
V t o r t h 
L i v e s t o c k 

FO R T 
W O R T H 
(A P ) 
No! enough 
- attle hogs or s h e e p lo test m arket 
Thursday 

M o n e y Rate}* 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
M oney rates for 
Thursday 
P rim e rate 6'< 
Discount ra te 
5' 4 
F ed eral funds m a rk e t rate 
411 16 high, 411 16 low. 411 16 dose 
D ealer s co m m ercial paper 
3o 18o days 4*» 4 7» 
C om m ercial paper by fin a n ce com pany 
3o 77o days 4' ? 5 's 
Bankers acceptance d ealer indications 
3o 59 days, 4 7o 4 65 
6o 89 days, 4 75 4 7o 
9o 119 days, I 85 4 8o 
17o 179 days. 5 OO 4 95 
18o 77o days, 5 IO 5 o5 
C ertif ic ate1, of deposit 
3o 59 days, 4>e 4' > 
6o 89 days. 4' .• 4+b 
9o 119 days. 4*s 4 '4 
17o 179 days, 4 '4 47b 
18o 36o days, 5 5*8 
Tolerate m oney m a rk e t index 
1 74, off o3 from W ednesday 
Eu ro dollar rates 
O vernight 135 16 13's 
I month 4’ « 413 16 
3 months SI 16 S' s 
6 m onths 5' 1 59 16 
I year 6 61 16________________________ 

Year's Highs 
And Lows 

Copper, E lectrolytic 
6 8 'b 71hi 
68*8 
63*8 
Gold, troy o7 N Y 144 7o 
1 45 o5 
132 SO 
Silver, troy oz 
N Y 
4 78o 
4.8o7 
4 2oo 
Lead, lh 
Pig Iron, f o b fd ry 
Buffalo. Grsstn21o 19 
Platte urn.try /N Y 162 OO 
Quic kslvr F IskN Y 171 7o 
Steel scrap, qross. ton. 
Phila Chi Pitts 
72 17 
Tin, lb N Y 
5 2993 
Zinc, lh 

31 
31 

21o 19 
162 oo 
171 SO 

19 

713 92 
155 OO 
125 OO 

72 17 
79 5o 
5 2264 3 3976 
.37 
.37 
.37 

S IL V E R (5,ooo troy a i) 
M ar 
477 OO 
47 4 2o 472 OO 474 2o 482 OO 
Apr 
481 OO 
483 OO 474 OO 476 OO 484 OO 
M ay 
482 OO 
487 OO 477 OO 478 5o 486 OO 
Jun 
485 OO 
488 OO 479 OO 481 5o 489 OO 
A tx} 
4VO 5o 
493 OO 484 OO 485 5o 494 OO 
Oct 
495 oo 
498 OO 49o oo 491 5o 499 OO 
Dec 
5oo OO 
5o3 OO 494 5o 496 3o 5o4 OO 
F eb 
So2 SO 
5o7 5o 5oo OO 5o1 SO 5o9 OO 
Apr 
511 OO 
513 oo 5o5 5o 5o5 7o 514 5o 
Jun 
512 OO 
518 OO 511 5o 512 OO 52o OO 
Auq _ 
517 5o 523 OO 516 5o 517 3o 525 OO 

N E W Y O R K 
(A P ) 
- 
Silver futures 
Thursday on the New Y o rk C om m odity 
Exchange 
Open 
High 
L o w C lo s e 
Prey. 
N Y S IL V E R (5,o ® troy O I) 
M ar 
479 ® 
481 5o 474 ® 
475 3os 48o 8o 
M ay 
483 oo 
185 8o 
477 oo 
478 6os 484 8o 
Jut 
488 oo 
49o 8o 487 5o 
483.5os 
489 SO 
Sep 
493 oo 
495 8o 
487 OO 
488 4os 494 8o 
Oec 
5® 4o 
5o2 8o 493 5o 495 7os 5o2 2o 
Jan 
5o7 5 o 
5o3 5o 
4 9 9 o o 
49o 1os 5o4 7o 
M ar 
5o7 SO 
SIO 5o 5o3 OO 5o3 1os 
5o9 7o 
M ay 
512 5o 
515 5o 51o 5o 
5o8 oos 514 7o 
Jut 
515 5o 
515 5o 515 2o 
512 9os 
SIV 7o 
Sales estim ated 
21,564 s setthnq 

Selected w o rld gold prices Thursday 
London: 
M orning fixing 
$145 35, 
I 
$o 15. afternoon fixing S144.7o, off SO 35 
London: 
M orning fixing 
$145 35. up ter noon fixlnq $144 7o. off $o 35 
P a ris: afternoon gold fixing $147 l l, ud 
$o 21 
F ra n k fu rt gold close $145 9$, up SO 33 
Zurich 
$ 1 4 5 ® bid up 
$o 25, $145 75 asked 
Handy 4 H a rm an base p rice. N ew Y o rk 
$144 TO, off SO 15 
Engelhard selling prices. 
N ew 
York 
$145 3Q. off $o 35 

Here is the gold futures ch 3, tra d in g for 
Thursday. M a rc h 3, 1977 
Open 
High LowClose 
P ry 
Chicago M e rc a n tile E xch an g e 
IOO T roy ounce contracts 
M a r 
145 
IO 145 9o 144 4o 145 3o 147 W 
Jim 
148 
M 148 3o 116 5o 117 X 148 8o 
Sep 
15o 
TO 15o 5o 148 8o 149 4o 151 2o 
D*y 
152 
3o 1 53 OO 151 TO 151 8o 153 5o 
M ar 
155 
3o 155 5o 154 TO 154 5o 156 IO 
Jim 
157 
8o 157 8o 156 IO 157 TO 158 7? 
Sales 
M a rc h 2o8. June 2587 , Sep 64o; 
Dec 145. M arch 55; Jun 15 

N ew Y o rk C om m odity E xchange 
IOO troy ounce contracts 
M a r 
145 IO 145 IO 145 IO 145 5os 
146 9o 
Apr 
145 9o 
146 7o 145 IO 146 1os 147 4o 
Jun 
117 5o 
148 3o 
146 SO 147 5os 
148 9o 
Auq 
119 4o 15o OO 148 IO 149 oos 
15o 4o 
OC? 
ISI 
IO 151 IO 149 9o 
ISO 5os 
IS) 9o 
Dec 
152 TO 152 8o 151 OO 152 1os 153 5o 
Fen 
154 3o 154 3o 152 9o 
153 8os 
155 XI 
Apr 
156 3o 156 3o 155 3o 155 5os 
156 9o 
Jul 
157 IO 157 SO 156 9o 
157 2os 
ISO 6o 
Sales esfim ated 
3,34o s settling 

N Y Stocks new high lows 
N E W H IG H S — 22 
Am Shipb 
BkM onth 
Cert teed 
D etE 7 45pf 

NONG 6 84pf 
Oak Ind I 7Spf 
Outlet Co 
PhEI 4 Jop» 
P h ilaE l 7pl 
R io G ran d e 
RiOGran pf 
Scott Fores 
Stanrav 
T r G P l 6 65pt 
.eat T 
UnivLc 

 k l ] L iv e s to c k 

KANSAS C IT Y 
(A P ) 
C a ttle 4,5oo 
Bulk of supply feeders consigned to the IO 
1 "i auction 
Hogs 2 6oo 
B arrow s and gilts steady to 
75 lower 
I 7 22o 23o lb IO OO; I 3 2oo 25o b 39 SO IO OO 
7 3 75o 2o5 lh 3o SO 39 5o 
•ow' st (‘ady to 75 higher ; I 3 33o 6oo lb 
IS oo 35 75 
55o 58o lb 36 OO 
F slim ,lied tor F rid a y c a ttle IOO. hogs 
I 2oo sheep 75 

D etE 7 Top! 
Fst Miss Cp 
H a n d yH arm 
IndM ch 12pt 
K anet) k ysor Ind 
M ayerO sc 
N E W L O W S - / 
Crum F or 
R alstnP ur 
F ed erD S tr 
UAL Inc pl 
M ot se Shoe 
U m vFds 
Nat Chemsh 

A m erican new high lows 
N E W H IG H S — 16 
Arundel 
Corr Black 
Od nnkenny 
F ilm w ays 
Husky Oil 
Jacobs Eng kaiser Ind 
Logitonlnc 

N E W LO W S 
1 D'Hard Oui 
M etpath 

Mere ant md 
M iller Wohl 
Pac Hold p f 
R udd'ckC p 
StdMot An 
Struth Well 
T ut tcoCp 
W an q L ab p 

StdMot An 
Un Asb Inc 
Wool 
NEW YORK (AP) - Wool futures wert in a c t iv e on the 
New 
York 
Cotton 
Exchange____________________ 
S .A. Livestock 

FEDERAL SI ATE 
MARKET NEWS SERVICE 

CAT FLE AND CALVES IOO 
N o t e n o u g h o f a n y o n e d o s s o n o f t e r to te s t 

 t r o d e 

C o tto n 

O pen 
H ig h 
Low rO N . No. 2 (5o,ooo lbs) 
C lose 
P re v . 

78 TO 
TS OO 
77 35 
77 7o 
77 65 
77 3o 
77 9o 
76 8o 
77 4o 
77 35 
77 25 
78 IO 
77 o5 
77 6o 
77 65 
74 2o 
74 3o 
73 SS 
73 8o 
74 Ii 
69 72 
7o OO 
69 45 
69 6o 
69 7C f 
_ b7o 25 
7o 35 
— b7o 25 
TO 35 

NEW Y O R K 
(A P ) 
— Cotton futures 
NO 7 were m ixed at m idday 
The average price tor strict low m id dlinq I 116 inch spot cotton declined *2 points to 73 61 cents a pound Wednesday tor the IO leading m ark e ts , acccording tc the New York Cotton E xchange 
Midday prices were SI OO a bate higher to X cents lower than the previous close 
M arch 77 55, May 77 55, and July 77 58 

NEW YORK (A P ) - Cotton No 2 fu lures Thursday on the New Y o rk Cotton 

COTT 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Oct 
Oec 
M a 

Jul 
Sales 
3.25o a asked, b bid, n nom inal_________________ 

G R O U P A V E R A G E S 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) - The follow ing list give* to d ay’s ave ra g e net change for fhe common stocks traded in each group 
Aerospace, A irc ra ft 
* '* 
Air Transport 
* '* 
A u to ,Truck 
* 'a 
Auto P arts & Accessories 
* ' • 
Banks 
Savings & Loan 
* ’ • 
Beverage Sot* D rinks 
* 'a 
B r« y in g ,D is tiH in g 
. — ' b 
Building 
.......... 
. 
♦ 'a 
C hem icals 
.............................................* ' • 
C om m unication 
+ ' b 
C o nglom eratas.D iversified unch 
Containers. Packaging 
• 
*8 
Drugs. M ed ical Supplies unch 
Electronics. E lectric Products 
. ♦ ' t 
Finance unch 
Foods, Com modi ties unch 
Food M ark e ts & Vendors unch 
Gold, Silver 
— Lg 
Hotels. M otels, Tourism 
. — '* 
House Furnishings 
* 
'4 
Insurance unch 
Investm ent Com panies unch 
M achine Tools & Accessories unch 
Machinery 
..... 6 Mi 
M etal F ab ricatin g 
+ ' b 
M m inq (non m e ta llic ) 
. . — '4 
Motor Transport 4 Leasing 
* ' • 
Non ferrous M e ta ls 
. 
* H 
O ffice Eq uip m en t 4 Services 
* '» 
Paper. Pulp 
* Mi 
Petroleum 
. 
* '* 
Photo Products 4 Services 
+ *» 
Precision Instrum ents. W atches 
* ' • 
Printing . Publishing 
, + '« 
R ailroads. R ail E q uip m en t 
* ’ n 
Real E state unch 
R ecreation, Leisure unch 
R estaurants unch 
R etail Trade 
♦ 
Rubber, Tires 
— Mi 
Shipping. Shipbuilding 
♦ •* 
Shoes, Leather Products unch 
Soaps. Cosm etics. T o iletries 
♦ '» 
Steel Iron unch 
T ex tile*, Apparel unch 
Tobacco 
* 'n 
U tilities E lectric unch 
U tilities Gas unch 

111—Deaths 

S O L N E R 
M rs. Em mo M . B ow er, 4o7 Hath- ow ov D r. W est, died T u e s d o v . 
M orch I, 1977. She wos a m em ber of St. Peter P rince of the Apostles 
C a th o lic 
C h u rc h . 
C a th o lic 
Daughters of A m erica Court of St. 
Anthony No 214. S u rvivors. Hus­ b a n d , M r . F r a n k J. B o n ie r ; daughters. M rs. Joe B. O briotti. 
M rs . L eo n a rd W estb ro o k. M rs . 
Jam es V. Cross, M rs. H o rry H. 
Boggess. seven g ra n d c h ild re n , one g re a t g ra n d c h ild 
R o s a ry 
Thursday at ST P E T E R S C A T H ­ 
O L IC 
C H U R C H 
7 :3 o p m . 
.Requiem Mass F rid ay at St Peter 
P rin c e of the A p ostles C h u rch 
1o oo a m. P a llb e a re rs : Jam es 
R ay Cross, F ra n k Cross. A lla n 
Cross. Hedge W estbrook. Joseph 
B. P itz in i. J r., E rn e s t B ro g g i. 
E n to m b m e n t a l H o ly 
C ro s s 
C em etery. A rrangem ents bv: 
TH E A N G E L U S F U N E R A L 
H O M E 
H enry G u erra 
227 1461 

111—Deaths 

C O L L I N S 
M rs Gladys N (W a llace) Collins. 
1o7 N. M c Askill St., passed aw ay in a local hospital M ondov, Feb. 
28, 1977 at the age of 47 yea rs . 
S u r v iv o r s : 
D a u g h te r s . M rs . 
Johnny D. ’ G w en'' Cason. C ity. 
M rs. Robert "Sheila" Hollenbeck, 
D evin e; son. W allace Collins. C i­ ty ; m o th er, M rs . V in a W alla c e . 
Citv; sisters, M rs. Jim m ie "O m a 
B” Tuttle, Devine, M rs. Nom a Lee 
Sloan, S a b in a l. M rs . Jam e s D. 
• L a v o n ia " M c C r o v . D e v in e ; brothers. O liver, Bennie and C u r­ tis W a lla c e , C ity ; th re e g ra n d ­ children; 19 nieces and nephews; 
IO g re a t n ie c e s ond n e p h e w s . 
S e rv ices w ill be held fro m the 
D ellcrest Chopel F rid ay, M arch 4 at 11:oo a rn. with Rev. Bobby D. 
C loot! officiating The in te rm en t w ill fo llo w in San Jose B u ria l 
P ark. Arrangem ents with 
Btllrrrtft 
2ooo Se W W W hite td . 
337-4o82 

C O N D I E 
W illiam L. Condie, age 
57, of 433 Skyforest D r., d ie d 
W e d n e s d a y . 
M orch 2, 1977. He was a m em ber of Shepherd K ing Luth e ra n C h u rch , In g lew o o d Lodge 
No. 421 A F 4 A M , S c o ttish R ite 
B o d ie s . A lio f a r S h rin e . S u r ­ vivors: W ife. M rs. Betty J. Con­ die; son. W illiam L. Condie. J r.; d a u g h te r , M rs . N o rm a n ( P a ­ tric ia ) W ilson; grand child. Jean ­ nette M a rie Wilson, oil of San An to n io ; s is te rs . M rs . L a w re n c e 
G ennette. N ew B ra u n fe ls , Tex , 
M rs. Raym ond H elm brech t. East 
Am herst, N.Y Service F rid ay at I o'clock at Shepherd King L u th er­ an C h urch, the Rev 
M o rv in O. 
Huth officiating. In te rm en t under the auspices of the P erfect Union 
Lodge No. IO A F 4 A M in Ft. Sam 
Houston N ational C e m e tery. A r­ rangem ents with 

Porter Loring 
1 to t McC u llo u g h 227 *221 

1o1— Deaths 

N A V A R R O 
H e rib e r ta G. N a v a r r o , of 2515 
B erm uda, passed aw ay W ednes­ d a y , M a rc h 2, 1*77. G ra v e s id e services S aturday, 1o:oo a m . of 
M is s io n B u r ia l P a r k . A r r a n ­ gem ents by 

M IS S IO N P M IK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S I Military Or 

O ' B R I E N 
J a c k O ’ B r ie n , a g e S3, p a s s e d a w a y T u e s d a y , M a rc h I, 1977. 
F u n e ra l s e rv ic e s F r id a y , 9 .3 o a rn. in M is s io n P o rk F u n e ra l 
Chapel. In te rm en t to follow in Ft. 
Sam H ouston N o f'l. C e m e te ry . 
A rrang em ents bv 

Continued 
From 
13th Classified 

K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A LE S " 
G rover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx. 
TX G C 77 o1S4 
S A Office: 11o31 Wye D rive 
Allen Howell (512) 656-113o 
(ti 

M IS S IO N P SKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
I 7oo SE Military Dr 

L ay in g hens, SI.5o each. Cages, nests, coops, feeders. 626 2174. 
We buy and sell E aster Bunnies. 
D u cklin g s and C o lo red C h icks 
735-6851; 734 273o 

M I L L E R 
R. C. (R u s ty ) M ille r, of 1515 M is­ sion Rood No. 98. passed aw ay 
Thursday, M arch 3, 1977. F u n eral services S a tu rd a y , 2 oo p m . in 
Mission P a rk F u n eral Chopel In ­ term e n t to follow in M ission B u­ ria l P ark. A rrang em ents by 
Ai 

M IS S IO N P XKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
1 7 o o S E M ilita ry Dr. 

G R U B B S 
M rs. Jewel F rances G rubbs M of 
237 Z e p h y r D r ., d ied M a rc h 2. 
Resident of Son Antonio 3 years. 
M em b er of the 
Daughters of the 
N ile . 
S u r v iv o r s : 
Son a n d d a u g h te r-in -la w . M r. and M rs . 
Claude L. G ru bbs, San Antonio; grand daugh ters, M rs . Ted (L a u - re ly n ) W ilk e rs o n . In d io n o o o lls , 
Ind., M iss Susie G rubbs. Austin. 
T e x .; grand son. L a r r y G ru b b s, 
A le x a n d ria . V o .; g r e a t-g ra n d ­ sons. Jerm v and Jim m y W ilk e r­ son. S e rv ices 3:3o p .m . F rid a y 
M a rc h 4, Sunset F u n e ra l H om e, 
R ev. T. E rv in V e a l O ffic ia tin g 
G raveside services and in term en t l l a m . S a tu rd a y M a rc h 5, R o ­ sehill M em o rial G ardens. Corpus 
Christi, Tex. 
SUNSET '“S ' 
17o1 Austin Hwy 828 2811 

Arca deaths 

GARZA. Mrs. Juan 
(P a u la ), 
78. Poth. Sor- vices at 9:45 u in. F rid a y at 
V in y a r d 
F u n e r a l 
Hem e iii Pnt Ii and Ut a.in. at B lessed S a c ra m e n t 
Catholic Church in Poth. 
G O N Z A L E S , P a tric ia 
Ann, 
I. HHK) Curtis. Sun 
Antonio. Services at 
Ut a in. Saturday at St Hose of Lim a Catholic Church 

 iii Charlotte. 

W atson gets new contract 

PLAY A LITTLE 
225-1666 

193—Florists-Flowers 

A T T E N T IO N R e y e s W h o lesale 
F lo ra l has tost re c e iv e d a new shipm ent of indoor and outdoor exotic plants. H a n g in g baskets. 
E v e ry th in g a t v e ry re a s o n a b le prices 
1832 Blanco Rd 735-5243. 
735 5244 
114-Fiaeral Directer* 

Bs LIZ SM KET 
A lam o Heights Sclinul trustees Thursday multi 
Mill'd unanimously to ex­ tend Supt 
Forrest W at­ son s contract an a d d i­ tion al y e a r — through 
.lune :Mi. I MMI 

I ii response. W atson said lie appreciated the hoard s efforts aud called it a top notch uronp. 
" I th in k the d is tric t was very wise to select von 
This w ill he Itorne out iii years to com e I iii 

 sure." Watson said. 
As p a rt of the h ig h school re m o d e lin g pro* lect c u rr e n tly u n d e r study by d is tric t a r c h i­ tects. the hoard a u th o r­ ized the student council to proceed w it Ii money 

 ra is in g p ro je c ts to pay for p la n te rs in the p ro ­ posed recreation area. 
W atso n c o m m e n d e d th e s tu d e n t c o u n c il 

 representatives tor th e ir patience. 
" I know there was a lot 
TAJ’S aids epileptics 

B y D A M I ) M c L L M O K L 
E p ile p tic s m ake de­ pendable employes — it they cvcr get the chance, a spokesman for T ram* mu aud IMacement Sci*- v ici's said Thursday 
T A I’s is a new aueney formed here to help re­ m ove b a rrie rs facing ep ilep tics seeking cm* plovm cni, according to 
B ill W ells, T ABS e m ­ ployer liaison 
■‘We re try mu to break the cycle ol unem ploy­ ment for epileptics — a 
(V ile usually hasid oil luiioruiiec and irrational fear of the neurological d is o rd e r, epilepsy 
Wells said 
"As a result, we try to m inim employers what 

 is 
More often, to start out hy them what it 

 epilepsy we have te llin g is n t." 
\m otiu the tilings cpi- tcpsv isn t, W ells said. is ii isn't a disease, it isn t contagious. It doesn t a i­ le d insurance or W ork­ m an's 
Fom pciisut iou rales and It doesn t affect the employes capability to do a good job. 
San Antonio was one of live I S. cities chosen for the 'I ABS program by lite 
National Epilepsy Foun­ dation. 
I ii addition to re c ru it­ m ent of p o ten tial e m ­ ployers ol e p ile p tic s . 
I \ BS also s e n cs u s a clearinghouse tor those 

 with epilepsy u ho are seeking employ mcnt. 
“ We have WI lo Ta peo­ ple already enrolled iii 
H ie p r o g r a m . W e l l s s a d 
"A b o u t one-third have college degrees, hill can't gel jobs because of their condition." 

Testing 
T hose enrolled in the 
TABS program receive extensive psychological and vocational testing to determ ine their jolt qua- litigations, Wells said 
**We then talk to em ­ ploy cfs aud I i v to coli- v bice t hem lo sim p ly consider our enrollees on ail eipial basis with other applicants." he said 

TABS will also pay 5o per cent of the enrollees training costs at the new job for the first month 
" E m p lo y e rs can te r ­ minate the program at any I lin e ," W ells said 
"W e don t ask much of em ploy ers except I hat they g ive e p ile p tic s a chance.** 
TAB S offices are lo­ cated ut lh N. M aili St.. 
Suite 337. Inquiries into 
(lie program can be made by culling 235-4547. Wells said 
"< tile thing we've found is that enrollees in T ABS d on’t have a p hysical d is a b ility . ll s a social one. We hope lo correct that " 

 of red tape involved but I think we can move fo r­ ward n o w lie said. 

In other discussion, the trustees talked about the possibility of particip at­ ing iii a needs assess­ ment survey of the M e­ tropolitan Youth Council. 

A lam o H eig h ts was random ly selected with other districts iii the na­ tion to participate iii the survey which will help d e te rm in e what social s e n li es 
I he council should develop for young people. 

In tim * p f m orrow, a n d (o p o k lt h a n d lin g o f 
/••c a s to ry d e ta il* . . . 

M a x m a r t i n ? * 

 o M e rin q 

Pit 
Conli*:!* 

 fonool Intw'ooif Fohtwt 

2 2 7 - 6 3 8 I 

Nook Foil Moiiwoi r 
7 3 4 -5 3 I J 

(k«#*l Hill Memorial Codons 
6 5 $ o 4 I I 
6Ux 
MOPTl IAP/ iNc3m r 

Negativi lough Wat s 

 ukc lawyer 9o years for murder 

AL MTN 
(AB) - 
John G Soule. 31. gener­ al counsel and hearing exam iner for the Texas 
A eronautics t oiiim is- sioii lias Joined the stall of the Texas H a lllo a d 
Commission. 
Soule will he an assis­ tant special counsel. . 

An I h-ycar-old San Antonio man was sentenced Thursday to WI years in prison iii connection with the 1973 shooting death o| a JI)-year-old airm ail. 
The jury iii 175th D istrict Court found M ic h a e l F ra n c is gui lty of murder in the slay lug of Air Force Sgt, 
Mark Fritch during an armed robbery of a Marhueh Hoad convenience store 

Sept 25. I lf JU. 
Francis’s l i r s t trial late last year 
Preston Dial or- because of ail 

 b y a n a s s i s t a n t 

 ended when Judge d eled a m i s t r i a l im proper question 
(ii-! i it i attorney 
The m urder verdict and the sen­ tencing Thursday followed lour days ol testimony before the jury. 

Although Watson told the Ixiard lie objected to tlie n c ga t ivc approach taken by the quest m u ­ lla ire. he said he realized ilie need for tile council s sen ices. 

Ii the hoard agrees to participate, D r. Watson said lie would rec o m ­ mend obtaining written permission from parents for the student’s partici­ pation. 
T he hoard m em bers postpone*l any action un­ til they could review the entire questionnaire 
Watson also announced the (listrut had received llu* Ire e i lo iii foundation of V alli’v fo rg e s George 
W ashington honor m e ­ dal 
The s u p erin ten d en t said this was one of tin* highest awards given ti* a school d istrict for acti ­ vities em p h as izin g 
American heritage. 

M. £ KXXKHMZ 
FUNttAL HOME 

P r » - N M d A fr a n g M m o n t* 
511 Gwodoiwp* St. 
2 2 6 -6 1 1 1 

&outtoibc 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FLORIS 

9 2 2 - 6 3 3 9 
John M Grunts, Dote tor 

Answering 

 any call, 

 any tim e, 

 u itb 

 l i m i t r s i j a i l i n g 

SUNSET 

M e m o r i a l P o r k 

F u n e r a l H o m e 

I nu Auto* H»v ms IR! I 

H I L B U R N 
Robert G. Hilburn, age 68. of 113o 
W e s t H u tc h in s , p a s s e d a w a y 
W ednesday, M a rc h 2, in o local h o s p ita l. N a tiv e of A ta s c o s a 
C ounty, San Antonio resident 27 years ond refired atte r 22 years w ith C e n tral F re ig h t Lines. S u r­ v iv o rs : W id ow , M rs . M illie H il­ b u rn ; m o th e r, M rs . J a n ie H il­ b u rn ; step-sons, B illy H o vey of 
Son Antonio and A. J. H o vey of 
C o rp u s C h r is ti; s is te rs , M rs . 
M a ry E. Jenkins ot San Antonio an d M rs N e ttie J e n k in s of A r ­ lington, T e x .; brother, Andv H il­ burn of Son Antonio and num er- our nieces ond nephews 
H e re tire d w ith 22 y e o rs fro m 
C e n tra l F re ig h t Lines. F u n e ra l s e rv ic e s w ill be c o n d u c te d in 
M ission P a rk F u n e ra l Chapel at 
3 OO a rn. F rid a y , M o rch 4, with 
R ev 
Bob S im m o n s o ffic ia tin g . 

 interm en t in M ission Buriol P o rk 
A rrang em ents by 
•* 
M ISSIO N P \ K k 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Of 
(ii 

LAY 
M rs. L ucille M alo n e L ay , 87, ot 
3o7 M a rs h a ll St . died M a rc h 3. 
Resident of San Antonio 65 years. 
M e m b e r ot T ra v is P a rk U n ited 
M eth odist C h u rch . F u n e ra l ser- vices ore pending w ith Roy A kers 
F u n eral Home. 

5 1 5 N o M a in 
2 2 6 -7 2 o 1 

MCCLUNG 
G u y L. M c C lu n g , J r , o g e 54, passed aw ay W ednesday. M arch 
J. 1977 in Son Antonio. Texas, no liv e of O klah o m a. M r. M cC lung w os a g ra d u a te of St 
M a r y 's 
U n iv e rs ity . School ot B u sin ess 
A d m in is tr a tio n , a V e te r a n of 
W W D. S urvivors include his p a r­ e n ts . M r o n d M rs . G u y 
L 
M cC lunq. Sr.,- b ro th e r. K enneth 
Lee M cC lu n g ; sisters, Rose A n­ nette M cC lu n g . M rs 
R o se m a ry 
M cC lung, seven c h ild re n . K a th y 
M cC orm ick, G uy L M cClung. III. 
Joan Ruth M cC lung. R o sem arie 
M cC lu n g , S am u el M cC lu n g and 
M ichael M cC lung M r M cC lung s b e q u e s t of h is b o d y to th e 
U n iv e r s it y o f T e x a s M e d ic a l 
Center of San Antonio, has as its p u rp o s e th e A d v a n c e m e n t of 
M edical Science and was his re sponse to the Biblical M andates to 
C a re and to S h a re . Those w ho desire m ay send m em o rial gifts to th e c h a r it y of t h e ir c h o ic e . 
M e m o ria l H o ly S a c rific e of the 
M ass will be ot l l OO a rn a l Our 
L a d y of th e L a k e U n iv e r s it y 
Chapel on 
S aturday, 
M orch 
5, 
1977 

R A M I R E Z 
M r. Hector Castillo R a m irez Sr., 
56, ol 6115 L a w n V o lle y , d ie d 
M a rc h 2, 1977. R e sid en t of San 
Antonio 7 y ea rs , m em b er of St. 
Vincent De Paul Catholic Church. 
S u rv iv o rs : B ro th e r, V ic to r C. 
R a m ire i, Son Antonio; son. H ec­ to r D 
R a m ir e i, K e n e d y , T e x .; daughter, E lva D. R a m irez, K en­ edy, T ex .; sisters. Iren e M edelas. 
San A n ton io and A d e lin a G u e r­ rero , Houston, Tex. R o sary w ill be recited 7 p.m . Sunday, M arch 
6, Roy A k e rs F u n e ra l C h ap els. 
F u n e ra l Procession w ill d e p a rt 
Roy Akers Fun eral Chapels 11:45 a.m . M onday, M orch 7, for a 12:15 p.m . Moss at St. Vincent De Paul 
Catholic Church, Rev. Thom as J. 
F lan ag a n , C e leb ra n t. In te rm e n t 
Ft. 
Sam 
Houston 
Notional 
Cem etery. 

5 1 5 N o . M a in 
2 2 6 ^ 7 2 o 1___ 

V A N W A G O N E R 
C o l. F r a n k H 
V a n W a g o n e r, 
M D ., USA (R e t ), age 69. died 
T u e s d a y ..M a r c h I , 1977. S u r ­ vivors: W ife, M rs. E velyn V. Von 
W agoner; son, M at. F ran k A Von 
W agon er; d au g h ter, M rs . D re w 
C a u lh o rn , a ll of Son A n to n io ; b ro th e r, M u rra y Von W ag o n er, 
Salt Lake City, U tah; tour g ran d ­ c h ild re n 
M e m o r ia l s e r v ic e 
Friday al 2:15 at Christ Episcopal 
C h u rc h , th e 
R e v 
J o h n 
H . 
M cNaughton and the Rev Samuel 
Todd o ffic ia tin g . Those who desire m ay send m em orial gifts lo the c h a rity of th e ir cho ice. A r ­ rangem ents with 
Porter Loring h o i M c C u llo u g h 227-8221 

W ALLACE 
Aaron N. W allace. 631 w M itchel 
SI., passed aw ay in a local hosp! tai Tuesdov, M arch I, 1977 of the age of 81 years. Survivors: W ife. 
M rs . V in o W a lla c e ; d a u g h te rs . 
M rs . J im m ie " O m a B " T u ttle . 
Devine, M rs. Nom a Lee Sloan, 
Sabinal. M rs Jam es D. "L a vo n ia" M cC ary. D evine; sons. O liver 
Bennie and Curtis W allace. City; sister, M rs Ruth W illis. Salado, b rothers. John W allace. Salodo 
W a lte r W alla c e , C liv , Sam W al­ lace, Odessa; 22 g ran d ch lld ren ; 
1o g re a t g ra n d c h ild re n ; n u m er ous nieces ond nephews Services w ill be held fro m the D e llc re s t 
Chapel F rid ay, M arch 4 at l l OO a rn with Rev. Bobby D. Clontz officiating The interm ent w ill tot low in San Jose B urial P a rk . Ar rongem ents with 

B rllrrre t 
2ooo So W W W hile Rd 
337-4o8? 

94o LIVESTOCK-FEED SEEDS 

38 POULTRY RABBITS BEES 

NO. I F ertilize d Coastal B erm ud a 
H ay. Sutherland Spring $1.75 per bale in barn. m in im um 25 boles 
226-o141. 
________ 
Nuban and Alpine M ilk Goats (or sale 336-2448 
Pink Papered P rince Hank M ore fo a l to G ra n d s o n of P rin c e 
P lau d it and Jo ker B. O th er Q tr and Appaloosa M ares and Fillies 
Top Bloodlines 341-o344 att 6 p. rn 
I 
P o lle d H e re fo rd Cow B red 
S tm m en tal w ith holt S im m e n fa l 
Polled heifer calf at side and I • 
O p en h a lf S im m e n fa l P o lle d heifer 18 mos. All $65o 1-379-2396 
Ponies. I Welsh Filly $75 
I M ot gan-Poa Stud $125. I Saddle with 
P od SSO. 7 bridles 515 68) o531 re ttv , sound IO y r old m o re 
Shown English over fences, and on the flat Can go W estern Needs rid er with some experience. $75o 
826-8721 att 
6p.m 
342 5148 anytim e 
P u rebred A rab ian Stud Service! ee $75 to o th e r b re e d s o r 
:A rabs $25o to Arabs. 656-oo2o; 
656 3 2 3 6 ___________________ 
P u re b re d H e re fo rd B u ll 
$5oo a ll R on 7 A M N o o n , 626-27oo; atter 5pm 333 S313 
M 6 'r T eT 
“ 
Q U A R T E R 
H O R S E S b ro o d m o re, M cC u e b re e d in g , $5oo; 3 yr old gelding. Three B a r breed mg, some training. $75o. 658-7568 
Cibolo. 
R A NC H F E N C IN G BY B E N K E 
_______ 674-15o4 

 ll eg 
A Q H A Stud w o u ld m a k e good gelding 6 yrs 674-2o56. 
IO R E G 
B R A H M A N B U L L S 
Gentle 19-23 MOS 633 o867_______ 
Reg H all A rab ian g lid in g IO yrs 
16 hands, g e n tle , S p irite d , exp rid e r $65o 
Also 8 y r IS.? hands 
Bay Q tr type gelding needs w ork, spirited $3oo w ith saddle, b rid ie etc. 
Call 
Otter 
3:3o w eekdays 
494 474o 
R* gi- •• rfd P aint F illy . ♦ mos oft). 
H a lte r b r o k e n 
G e n tle . $45o 
1-257 3889 K e rrv ille ______________ 
Meg. k u b ia n D a iry G oats. N a n ­ nies I 336 2 3 3 7 _________ 
Reg Polled h e re fo rd s , Bulls tor 

114-Faaeral Director* 

 traakibiU 
?h s i 
M ilita ry 
923-7523 

(fink f ills 
8o54 Fred e ricksb u rg 494 / I I I 
Brilrrrat 
S 
W W 
W hile 
317 

9 a lm iijljtB 

1711 So Zarzo m o ra 924 4548 

2ooo S 
W W 
W hile 
317 4oo2 

W A L L A C E 
M R . H U B E R T 
W A L L A C E , JR of 
Son Antonio, Texos b o rn in D e l V o ile 
T r a v is 
C o u n ty , 
T e x o s 
4th 
D ecem ber 1911, entered rest 2nd 
M orch 1977 at the age of 45 vegrs 
S E R V IC E S 
F R ID A Y — IO OO A M 
A LA M O C H A P E L S w ith R e v. K e n n eth B ro w n and 
R ev. F o rre s t Sm ith o ffic ia tin g an d in te rm e n t to fo llo w in D e l 
V alle (H ag m e Chapel C e m e tery. 
A u stin, T e x a s ) w ith g ra v e s id e services af 2:3o p m S u rv ivo rs. 
Wife, M rs. K atie M. W allace, son, and d a u g h te r-in -la w . Jam es E. and Peggy W allace, both of this city ; sisters, M rs . C 
B 
(M in n ie 
M a r ie ) S p eck. L o c k h a rt, T ex , 
M rs. E B (E th e l) Talley. Austin. 
Tex . M rs 
J. R 
(E s te lle ) B e d ­ ford. San Antonio, Texas; g ran d ­ sons. Jam es M a rs h a ll, D ouglas 
E , Dovtd W m W allace and grand d a u g h t e r -in - la w , M r s . J. M 
(M a r y Sue) W allace , a ll of San 
Antonio. Texas. M r W allace was a m e m b e r of K ir b y 
B a p tis t 
Church and as been a resident ot this city the post 3o ye o rs . S e r­ v ic e s u n d e r the d ire c tio n of a m em ber of 
The 
Lelon 
Code 
F am ily. 

2S-5^^^1 ^^^M^^jP^oklyn 

W EST 
M rs 
F ra n c e s E w est of V in ita 
O kla , died M orch 2, in that city. 
M rs West was a fo rm e r resident of San Antonio, she re tire d from the 
Southwest 
Bell 
Telephone 
Compony and wos the W idow ot 
Paul M . West who preceded her in d e a th in 
1951. 
S u r v iv o r s : 
Daughter, M iss Poula West, V in i­ ta. O kla,; son. Sam West, Dei Rio. 
Tex ; 
4 grand children. 
Sisters/ 
E rn e s tin e S h adoan, Lou ise 
A l­ brecht, Polly Wolls. Pauline Jon ak. all of Yoakum , Tex . Joe Al brecht ol Son Antonio. Services I p m 
F r id a y M o rc h 4, S u n s e t 
F u n e ra l H om e R ev 
N e w to n P 
Cox O fficiating In te rm en t Sunset 
M em o rial P a rk 
Funeral 
I lo u ie 
17o1 Austin Hwy 828 2811 

 sole, oil ages. 341-76o8. 
Reg Q tr H orses, Brood M a re s , 
Y e a rlin g s , 2 y r olds ond older 
Top Bloodlines Boerne 1-249-2954, 
Medinq I 589 7741. 
_________ 
Reg Rope Horse, goon for begin ners 684 282? Bus 679 7687 
R U S S IA N 
H O G S , p u r e b r e d . 
B reedin g Stock, full g ro w n an d pigs Atter 6 p m 876 37?8________ 
3 S A D D LE S good cond for sale 
624 7o15. 
Sorrel G elding IO yrs, E ng , W eol 
Pleasure, lum ping exp Not Reg 
$7oo firm 
224-7581 D a y ; 433-4685 

4 Sows w ith 32 p ig s, 2 Sows lo 
♦arrow $133o tor oil 774 o5oo 
Standing at Stud Real Contender 
AAA by Three Chicks bv T h re e 
Bars out ot Deep M a rn e (T B ) by 
Oepth C h a rg e (T B ) $3oo. M a re 
C o re $2.oo e r d a y . F ir e M o o n 
R a n c h . B a n d e r a . T x . 78o o3, 
512-769-4463, 
Smoki and 
Phil 
Klndlo 
Cow s, S to c k e r H e ife rs calves. 
648-1931; 
S tock! ond grass 
648 31oo 
__ 
S U D A N H A Y 35 So a l 41o 
SI 25 ond SI SO___________623 4967 
T R A IL R ID E B enefit A m e ric a n 
C ancer Society, M o rc h 4, 5 and 
4th 
For into call. 
532-2375 or 
337 1754 w A h t t 6 8 u' y 6 r l e a s e peanut allotm ent in Atascosa Co 
Sm all or la rg e a c re a g e 
J im m y 
Seay; P O BOX 277. Pleasanton. 
Tx 78o64 , 569 2 397 
6x2o' Gooseneck T ra ile r, used i lim es $17oo or best otter. 484-2265, 
Poth. Tx 
_ _ _ _ _ 
I T r a ile r 
$3 
Y o u n g Sows, D u ro c fra m e 
Young 
Roosters 
6491224 
4 yr old M a r e .lo r r e l AQ H A Reg 
2 Eyed Jack Bloodlines. B red lo 
Skip 3 (P o in t) $15oo 49o 9518 
T T 7 T W ? r o n T 5 7 ^ - $ i S 3 “ ?Sr sole. F ath er is G lory Be Good Too 
A AA. m other is Oonna Lou Top 
AAA. Saddle broke. Colt at16pm 
I-424-211* 

942 I 

A jr5 T T m p T u t? e r^ J 7oo I bolt'if” 
JO rollover plow, $6oo Steel cattle rocks. $75 126 4665 or 622 9415 

DISCOUNT FARM EQ. 
O rd e r fro m o ur C a ta lo g s , cost plus !o*». 2 to 5 day deliv ery. Used 
T r a c to r ond E q u ip m e n t Sole 
D O D G E N E Q U IP M E N T CO . 8223 
5 Preso. 532 4151 
__________ 
' l l Ferguson 14 hp I point hookup w ith d ra w b a r, e x c e lle n t condi hon After 4, 648 3593. 458 115o 
J-ord i t * o ffie l’7iT c" S tfSJT 

SUNSET 

1o5—O m rlerlev 
Burial U U 

TW O lots, M ission P a rk , South 
Will Show Coll 924 5o/7 

T H R E E Lots. R oselow nC em etery 
_____________ 731-7895 

J P L O T S 
M ission B u ria l P o rk , 
S o u th . C h o ic e s e c tio n , n e a r chapel 55oo each 826 46o6 

1o4—Kunrral Directors 

A N G E L U S F U N E R A L H O M E 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
6o2 W Houston 
227 1461 

King 
Off Chissel S/oo 22/ 5716 

 s* 6 r d T r a Z T 5 r s ------------ 
SN and 9N with new and used im plem ents 3/o8 S Flores 
F o r S a le C ose U tility T r a c to r 
M o d e l 31o, fr o n t e n d lo a d e r , s c ra p e r blad e 
N e w M o to r am t fire s $35oo 
I 42$ 1922 eyes and weekends /33-1629 d a y * 
______ 
12 It J D G ra m Ori|>, Jcuble disc, sm all seeder b o w * IJ ti In te rn a tional Disc H o llo w , 18 ft x 8 it 
Gooseneck flout I axle with dec b rake s 
Don H u esser Post hole d ig g e r 12' au g e r 
In te rn a tio n a l fro n te n d lo a d e r. P o rta b le Sure 
W eight Livestock Scale 
2 m etal 
Creep Feeders double side J ton c a p a c ity 
1 9 /o In le r n o tio n o l 4 
W heel d riv e Pick Up 
1-78o 769o otter 4 P rn 
IN T L WAV C R IM P E R S 
I 
6oM6IE 
1o)o john D eere, and equipm ent 
4/5 o541 

46)6 
4o2o JO HN D E E R E 
I 
O rn o f. 534 6/11 
Jo fin bee re D o n t end I row m id die buster. 
4 row cultivator 
” L * 2 £ 1 S 9 5 S ^ H 
John D e e re M o d e l 

A SIRY SPECIAL 
W AR M TH. 

P o r t e r L o r in g 
HUKTUAITV 

11o* M c C u llo u g h 22 / $22' 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 31 36 
Riebe Saunders 
Chapels 

1 1 9 N . S t. M a r y s 

XI..urna 1.. .iujiiMiii .im'jiiim ■■mn 
, e le c tr ic start. 3 pant hookup, new engine. 
Sloop I /42 3488 eves LaCoste 

Lm dv Liquid N itro gen re frig e ra ­ tor KR 14. $2oo 876 o156 
6 
M eyers Pum p I bp Joy with > pipe and rods, cylinder 5 hp Sub m ergible JOO No 4 Subm ergible 
W ire 3 hp Subm ergible w ith C c " 
B f . 684 1483 
SN und I n F o rd tra c to rs , L a ie 
M o d el )ooo F o rd T ra c to rs . U S and 165 M assey F ergu son T ra c ­ tors Used P lanters and Culhvo tors 2 ond 4 row 
D IE T Z TR A C TO R CO 
I JZV 1945 or 658 1288 
527 in to Seguin 
R O C T F iY t f t f lT fTy-arouli'rc o“ trot lift 23o1 Nogalitos 534 6/11 
15 t fc E I 
B U I l V l l i f c t . ' f o r m 
R a n c h E g u ip 
H a y a n d H o rs e 
I B arns 
Pipe Pens 13/ 6931 days for nites 

AMERICA S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

 l r * 
* amo 

FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo I 

 jM H k H M M 
M 
H 
I h 
H 
I M H M y j S 3 mm i J 

THE TORGERSO N CO 
/39 Sieves 
533 5145 l / j f l D *6oo FO W b unit DSCO S IM 
F O R D 
T R A C T O R S 
E W A L O 
F O R D T R A C T O R S , IM IS, Hwy 
44, Seguin, Tx I 379 4591 

W A U 1 d b 
I pi hflKofiup""S»sc hor' row 4' rh 449 29/o 

EXPRESS 
NEWS 
Want 

 f l u i i i I U U t 

CAU 
225-1666 

Poge 
8-B 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
GLOBE 
OPEN MON.-SAT. 9 A .M .-1o P.M. 

o 

 reg. 1.5 7 

 storage chest 

Under bed storage che; 
Large capacity—31- X 1 
X 6-in. Heavy duty car board construction wl woodgrain finish. 

 textured foamback drapes 

Elegant textured foamback draperies. Keeps room warmer in winter, cooler in summer. 
Solid shades of blue, gold, green or beige. 

48/84 r* «44 ............................. 6.97 pr. 
96/84 *, ii .......................... 15.94 pr. rape tie backs..........................2.67 pr. 
1488 
■ 
■ rc«. 18.88 tweed-look room size rugs 

Multi-colored tweed-look room-size rugs of 
1oo% polypropylene. For in- or outdoor use. In gold, green, brown or blue. Full S-ft,, 6-m. X 
11-ft.,6-in. size. 

Foot skateboard 

*haiab©a<d tor too beginner 

Poly special skateboard 

24 m do luxe poly skateboard w it* kickier and wide grabber urethane wheels 

986 

*6# reg. 4.97 men’s sport shirts 

Men’s short sleeve high count print on pastel or cross dye sport shirts. 65/35 poly-cotton permanent press. S-M-L-XL. 

24“ 
Banzai aluminum skateboard 

24 m Banzai aluminum, doubt# kicktsii board Em ira wida 2 in Universal big grabby urethane whews on X caliber truck* Snoek pads balut son truck* and board 

Dan River 

2 
44 

 twin 

 floral print sheets 
Beautiful poppy florals on a crisp snow white background. 

 full.................................................................. 3.44 std. p .c ...............................................2.97 pr. 

- 
Red Label 

DuPont® Dacron® bedpillows 

Plump polyester tilted in a printed cotton cover q u e e n .,.,, 
2/ *8 

 floral quilted bedspreads 

Special purchase of assorted Horal prints in lively spimg colors of gold, green and blue 
Machine washable 

American 5ooo 
Crackpot 

 ih im m a m 

CON* 'o 

 mixer 

U t* at a hand mixer 
Use a i a stand mixer. 
Features fingertip speed control 

■ a * . v S M M . 
7o1oo2 C o pr' tfht aibbe Sin es 

18" 
Conair blow dryer 

Fro styling 
12oo- watts 4 tempera lure* Lightweight 
o6o12 
WARING 

Pr cst enactive «rww March 1 1»77 We • * * * « * n<a r*gn, ,o limit «uaMiuee 

1 
97 

 rag. 2.66 vinyl garden hose 

1/2-tn. X 5o-ft. vinyl gar­ den hose 
Brass coup­ lings. Fully guaranteed 

1388 

3 cu. ft. wheelbarrow 

1-in. tubular atael han­ dles. Long tasting baked finish steel tray Tough but lightweight. 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

4o-lb. bag of peat or top soil 

Feat promotes fast growl 
Long lasting product. T< soil is rich in humuo. Ut it for gardens, lawns i shrubs. 

- • " ■ r v ' 
■ ■ 
■ & # * * » 
* 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
March of Values 

 a fashion value 

The blazer: todays terrific windowpane checks in black, coral or green polyester knit. 
Misses’ sizes 8-18. 

The pants: teammates for blazer in match­ ing windowpane checks or solids. Polyester knit, pull-on waist. 8-18. 

The bow blouse: un­ beatable topping with flippy bow and short sleeves. In machine- wash polyester. 1o-18. 

Sportswear Department 

What beautiful buys! 
Find polyester knits like the styles here, blends, in super patterns, solids. Come see all our I - and 
2-pe. winners, ineluding misses’ sizes 18 ami 2o. Shown, just three from a super group. 

W M * -..,. 
- * 
. . f 
'* 

^.9o-o.9o ort £. pairs 
Great looking shoes for boys and girls 
Little boys* oxfords have moc toe styling 

Today’s look for boys’ casual and dress wear is made of long- wearing vinyl. Man-made sole, heel. D 81 i>-3. 

9.99 big boys’ D3'a-7 
2 pr. $15 
Save $3 
The love-knot that ties up to natural look. 

Little girls’ straps are fashion favorites sandal the 

Ninny classic antis the right ac­ cent to her dressed-up look. 
Polyvinyl uppers wipe clean with a damp cloth. Man-made stile, heel. 1)8' >12; C 1 2 '--3. 
Cotton denim and natural jute combine for a fashion look with airy comfort. Man-made crepe sole underlines this soft style. Women’s sizes M 5-1o. 

DON T 
YOUR WARDS 
CONVENIENT WAY TO 
AT ANY WARDS 
||||||^ 
^ 
Big value? It’s a sure thing. 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfeli at Southern*! 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

Poge 
2-C 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
JF8B8BB5S March of Values 

I 
V 
/ 
J 
N 
U 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY? APPLY FOR A NO-MGN LY-DOWN CHARO ALL ACCOUNT TO BUY I HL GOOD BUYS NOW 
Just browzing? Be our guest, 

12’x9’ nylon/canvas cabin tent 
$5 -$1o off. 
All our LeGantw watches in stock. 
29"-39" 

Regular 34.99-49.99 

La] Styles for men, women. 
Men s day/date and women’s fashion watches. Choose from a variety of styles in white or yellow cases with matching bracelets and straps. 

LBJ Special buy. M an’s LED. 
Constant readout of hour, mi­ nutes. Push buttons for date and seconds, and for light. 

Save 
25% 

Select group of decorator lamps. 
14" ,.5249 
REGULAR 19.99*69.99 

Wards great selection of table lamps includes many con­ temporary styles in a large assortment of sizes, shapes and colors. ( hoose from woodbase, optic glass and more topped with assorted vinyl shades. 
Hurry today while best selection lasts! 

GIFTWARE DEPARTMENT 

 ave 

Similar to 

The safe with 3-way protection. 

Guards against fire, theft, impact and ex­ plosion. Wards safe is UL listed. Class C rat­ ing—withstands up to 17oo°F for I hr., the interior tem perature never exceeding 35o°. 
Automatic relocking device. I cu.ft. capacity. 
D 
, i r n AA 
184.99 1.6-cubic-foot floor safe 
154.88 
Regularly 159.99 
11988 
Special group catalog overstock draperies. 

Choose from a great selection of colors, styles and fabrics to highlight any room. Some m a­ chine wash and dry, need no ironing. Some lined, some un ­ lined, some have foam backs. 
Bring your window measure­ ments to Wards and save. 

Call 
654-2373 

 for Wards Shop- ai-Home Custom 
Decorating Service. 

Save $2o 

WARDS 1o-SPEED RACER FOR MEN 
Men s racer has European 
8 8 style down-tube sh ift, hooded caliper b rak es 
Partialis assembled. 

Thermo-cel insulation is 2Ms-inches thick in all walls for fire resistance. 

5 locking bolts prevent opening even if hinges are removed. 

V ue-gardH dial makes numbers vis­ ible only from top. 

2*/-th ick door withstands im­ pact force. 

Rem ovable casters allow permanent installation. 

Save $4o 

‘3o off 
119" 
REGULARLY 149.99 

Nylon walls let winds slide over easily. White cotton drill roof reflects sun and breathes to reduce moisture condensation. 
Inside zippered storm curtains are nylon self-repairing type. 
Aluminum frane, Weighs only 
29-lbs. Similar to illustration 
169.99 9*XIV tent 
............. 129.97 

Flame; retardant. 
Meet* CPA1-H4 Standard. 

Save $1o 
Wards spacious 8 ’xlO ’ nylon cabin tent f iQ " 
Regular 99.99 

5-man tent resists leaks, mildew, weighs just 18 lbs. Big screen door, windows. 

Save 16 
4-lb. Dacron * 88 polyester insulation sleeping bag. 

Regularly 34.99 

Haw cotton flannel lining, nylon outer* hi lei! and full-length, heavy-duty zipper. 
'l op quality Dacron" bs by Dupont really keep* 
Sui) wui IU. 
Bag th machine w anlia hie. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Fridoy Morch 4 I 977 
Poge 
3-C 

*9o savings 

21.4 cu. ft. all-frustless refrigerator with convenient top-mount freezer. 

2136 

3 DAYS ONLY 
479 
8 8 

Regularly 569.95 

It’s all-frost less; no frost build­ up. Roomy 6.6-cu. ft. freezer lets you stock up at sales, save more. 
7-day meat keeper eliminates unnecessary freez­ ing. Twin produce crispers; 3 adjustable refrigerator shelves. 
Dual cold controls ad just . 

EXPERT SERVICE 
NATIONWIDE 

Factory close-out! 

Wards fast microwave oven heats your food, not your kitchen — saves energy. 
*13o off. 

FAST COOK TIMES 

Roaht beef, mod 

Frown fish fillet 

I baked potatoes 

TI 

6 min ./lb. 

8 min. 
12 min 

TO BROWN STEAKS IN 
SECONDS. ADD WARDS| 
GRILL BY CORNING/ 
EXTRA. #81oo 

Most cook times are cut 75 %. 
Microwave oven with variable control. 

Variable control lets you dial the correct cook­ ing speed for your favorite m eals. And, there’s no need to wait for frozen foods— defrost cycle thaws foods in minutes. Oven holds 16 to 2o lh. turkey. 35-min. dual-stage timer; cook guide. 
Other microwave ovens are priced as low as $199 
Wards easy-roll cart, low regular price 
. . . 27.95 

Ask for a cooking demonstration! 299 88 
Regulary 
429.95 

Save s3o 
5ooo BTU “ COOL MOVE” COMPACT 
•2 fan, 2 cooling speeds. 
-g o ^ \ 9 5 thermostat. 189 
Automatic 
11 VV. 
REG. 219.95 
249.95 6ooo BTU unit 
.......................... 199.88 

Save $5o 
15.ooo BTU AIR CONDITIONER 
Hi-cool, 
Lo-cool, off 
$ O Q Q rotary control. 
Auto. m t W thermostat. 32o-V. 
REG. 349.95 
479 95 19,ooo BTU unit 
.............. 
399.88 

*16o off. 
Deluxe microwave oven with browner, defroster. 
O O Q 8 8 
% J mJk 
REG. 489.95 

65oW cooking power cuts most cook tim es 
75''(. Auto, defrost cycle, cook guide. 

D ilu te p lastic cab in et. 

12937 
SAVE $IOO 

19-INCH DIAGONAL PORTABLE TV 
Easy I •button color tun­ ing. AEC captures strong­ est signal for I test rccep* lion. U/V antennas 
REGULAR 449.95 
349 88 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY? APPLY FOR A NO-MONEY-DOWN CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT TO BUY THE GOOD BUYS NOW 

M O N T G O M E R Y 
Appliance reliance. That’s us. PiViuOl 

'5o off 

Signature 
23 cu. ft. chest 
34988 
Regularly 399.95 

Weirds lowest prices of the year.* 
Best air conditioner buy of 1977. 

5ooo-Btu air conditioner. 
$129 

51o6 

Holds your purchase on layaway until May. 
Only $1o hold for purchases over $2oo. 

Reg. 169.95 

Helps you keep cool when the weather's not; dehumidifies too. 
Convenient pushbutton control. 
Easy-to-clean foam filter. The installation kit fits windows 
2o‘t inches to 36 inches wide. 

Ciourmet control. 

8195 

SAVE *7o 
WARDS AUTO COLOR CONSOLE TV 

Easy I-button tuning 
AEC cap tu res longest bignul lur b e t rec, plum 
*f 
19-inch diaconal screen. 
REGULAR 469.95 

Sim ulated wood 

/VYONTGO/IAER 

 ie 
4-C ___________ SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
WH&H National Hardware Week Sale 
Po wer-Kraf t ® power tools 
$5-$15 off 

Your 
Choice 

Regularly 
2 4 .9 9 -3 4 .9 9 

A Variable speed %" drill. 
Reversible. Va peak lip motor devel­ ops o-1ooo rpm for drilling through metal, backing-out screws or bolts. 
B V ariable speed sab re saw. 
o-28oo-spm motor adjusts to work for clean, easy cuts in wood, me­ tal, plastic. Includes 3 blades, guide. 
C 2-speed dual-action sander. 
Orbital or straight-line. High speed for fast rem oval, low speed for smooth finishing. Double insulated, 
[pj W ards 25,ooo-rpm rotary tool. 
Great for the hobbyist. With grind­ ing and polishing points, felt wheel, chuck wrench, IO other accessories. 

 outdoor paints 
I -coat indoor and 
"A rray of Colors" 25-color interior latex flat dries in Vfc hr to washable finish. 
4-year durability. Soapy water cleanup. 

"A crylic L atex-15" exterior latex flat paint comes in 15 shades. Dries fast to fade-resistant finish. Soap/water cleanup. 

Your choice 

 dot**' 
TOO*- _ powr Krait 

Unassembled. 

Model 4475 

• Save *55 

6-drawer tool chest, 
3-drawer roller cabinet. 

Partially assem bled 
1o x9' bam-style shed solves storage problems 

Wards electric 295-amp welder 

Increased duty cycle 
A M 

 for up to I(X)% weld- t 
I JFk % 

 ing time. 
Choose 
A 
% 

 from 25-295 amps. 
REG. $ 

Regularly 249.95 

 i A m W 
* 
194.94 
Too! chest.‘Solid cold-rolled mill steel construction. 12%x26xl5Ms-in deep. 
Roller cabinet. I-pc, wraparound 16-gauge steel. Keyed lock. 32l/i6x26:bxl7" deep. 

Galvanized steel structure resists weath­ ering. 9'7"x9'4" interior. S 'V w alls with SMT peak height. Green w/white trim. 
Other buildings on tale $2o to $7o off. 

Powerful, yet light- ^ ^ 
Q Q weight.maneuverable. 
| 
Power safety revers!*, X variable row widths. Regularly 239.99 

299.95 5-HP Tiller, now 

Bulbs extra. 

Now you can add a touch of elegance to your home 

 a 3 l/2-hp, 2o rotary mower 

5-light bronze and crystal chandelier. 
Spanish solid bronze chandelier with 55 cut 
HJJ C k 8 8 crystal prisms, 19" diam. a s ? f 
Regularly 79.99 

Model 37128 
Twin-buff led Steel deck, auto, choke, 5 adjustable cutting hts. 
Grass catcher, reg. low 
. . 19.99 
Bulb* extra 
Partially assem bled. 
3'/2-hp, 2o rear-bagger 

8-LIGHT CRYSTAL CHANDELIER 
Beautiful Spanish cast 
— bronze with 84 polished 
Q Q R H lead crystal prisms. 

Regularly 119.99 

| U 
Holds your purchase 

O on lay-away till May 
$1o HOLDS PURCHASE OVER $2oo 

Convenient rear-discharge deck lets you mow around obstacles. 
5 cutting hts. Lutcher included. 

WHETHER IT S FOR YOURSELF, YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR—WARDS CHARO ALL CREDIT CAN HELP YOU ENJOY ITNOW 
, 
# 
. * * 
, ^ 
Yhlue. It’s what were all about. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

Mad scientist not so mad 

To hun* you r problem solved or a ques­ tion answ ered, write Action-Express, TAI. 
Box 2 1 7 U San A ntonio, TA 78297. 

'Saturday Night’ here? 

I just finished watching NBC’s “ Saturday Night (rn 
Sunday" featuring the Not Ready for Prim e Time 
Players at the Mardi Gras in New Orleans. 
I realize they had some problems covering some of the events live, but it occurred to me that this might get San Antonio some good publicity if the Fiesta people invited them to come to San Antonio to cover 
Fiesta. 
Has anything been done in this direction? 
What about the possibility of this sort of thing? 
Can Action-Express ask the right people? 
O. C. VV. 

ROCKPORT 
(AP) 
- 
Mad 
Scientist 
Demon­ strates Explosives. Mad 
S cientist 
C hallen g es 
Ford. Mad Scientist De­ mons! ra le s C harcoal. 
Mad Scientist Goes Solar. 
Mad Scientist Boy G en­ ius. 
The recent headlines in the local weekly n ew ­ sp ap er. Toast of the 
Coast Herald, bring vi­ sions of a w ild-haired, hunchbacked man, cack­ ling om inously and. wringing his hands. indeed. Bob Hogan is a. bit tousle-haired, but he 

 also is young strong and vibrant. In jest, the He­ rald calls him the Mad 
'Scientist but he also was dubbed the gentle brain-giant of Key Alle- 

Bob Hogan is a bit tousle-haired, but he is ti I sip is young, strong and vibrant 

 urn. 
Inventions 
One of his latest inven­ tions is an explosive that is safer than conventional explosives used in con­ struction. 
He also offered the fol­ lowing deal to then-Pre- sident Gerald Ford: lf Hogan can come up with a source of energy to 

 surpass tin1 total energy ex p en diture from all sources, and do it in such a manner that it is clear and nearly free, he will sell it to the federal governm ent for a sum equivalent to the national debt. , 
That may sound like a high price, but what he is offering could be worth 

 it—energy that cannot be used up, clean energy that will free tis and our children from fuel-con­ nected pollution p ro b ­ lems forever. 
Hogan is understanda­ bly closed-mouthed about this p a rtic u la r project but the energy machine reportedly utilizes prin­ ciples of gravity, elec­ 

 tronics and solar power. 
Sound far-fetched? 
P erh ap s. 
But C o per­ nicus. G alileo and Da 
Vinci were laughed out in their times and Hogan at least has dem onstrated an inventive mind. 
At age 12, in St. John's, 
Mo., he invented a land­ ing gear system that ul­ timately was used on the 

Douglas SB2C1 U.S. Nav y llelldiver torpedo plane. 
He also learn ed to fly airplanes at that age. lie received an official com m endation from 
President Roosevelt that now is registered al the late president’s library. 
L ast y e a r, working with less than Sat) worth of materials, Hogan said he installed , and has operating, a solar heat­ ing unit that could cut the heating costs of the aver­ age home as much as 5o per cent or more. 
The rig is no m ore 

 com plicated to install than an average attic fan. 
It is m ade m ostly of black p la stic, co p p e r tubing and a framework of light metal and works on cloudy days. 

With the energy crisis, solar power inventions w ere com m on but one difference betw een 
H ogan’s and m any others, according to the 
T oast of the C oast, is cost. E ith er everybody else is c h a rg in g too m uch, or 
Hogan is charging too little. 

(77^ - 

Yes, we can and we did. 
Davis Burnett, execu­ tive director of the Fiesta 
Commission contacted 
KMOL-TY, the local NHC affiliate about this. 
Early next week, we are informed, a joint in­ vitation from KMOl, and the Fiesta Commission will be extended to NHC 
Television and the pro­ ducers of 
“ Saturday 
Night" to originate one of the shows from San An­ tonio during Fiesta in 
April. 
Burnett seemed enth­ used about the idea of giving San Antonio and its spectacular annual 

 celebration some nation­ wide network television coverage — even if it may mean a few comical jabs at the city and its people. 
"We are going to invite them to come to a ‘really good civic celebration' in 
San Antonio.” Burnett said. 
Whether NBG and/or 
Saturday Night will ac­ cept the invitation re­ mains to be seen, but it certainly could be a boon lo San Antonio and its colorful annual Fiesta. 
We’ll keep you all in touch on any word re­ ceived back from NIU on the invitation. 

Police ticket policy 

The New York State Parkway Police on Long 
Island, in un effort to win a pay raise, began issuing a greatly increased number of traffic tickets to motorists, according to author Charles Reich in 
‘ The Greening of America." his source I icing the 
Nov. 19, I MBS. New York Times. 
A recent letter to your column expressed concern that something of this nature was going on in San 
Antonio. 
Apparently, it has happened elsewhere before. 
ANN SUTHERLAND 

Since we ran the ori­ ginal complaint from a person who asked if the police were deliberately writing false tickets here iii a backlash over the sick pay controversy, we have received a number of additional letters cit­ ing similar suspicions. 
In all instances the complaint has been that people were going a cer­ tain speed but that when they were stopped the ol- ficer said they were go­ ing much faster. In some cases, the drivers admit­ ted going over the actual speed limit, but ch a l­ lenged the officers’ alle­ gations of going a much higher speed. 
Police have denied there is any organized 
Campaign to “ punish" the citizens (or opposing unlimited sick leave pay­ ments for police and 

 firemen. 
And while Action-Ex­ press has received a number of complaints about questionable tick­ ets, there really have not been enough complaints to establish a definite pattern that would indi­ cate an organized cam­ paign or even a grudge ticket-vvriling spree by one officer. 
However, since all the complaints we have re­ ceived follow the same pattern of allegedly overstating the speed so it is more than 15 miles above the speed limit, we will continue to monitor any similar complaints. 
Anv pattern or evidence of a campaign by police officers or by a police of­ ficer will be turned over to Police Chief E. E. 
Peters for appropriate action. 

Colson defended 

Jo you really think anyone cares about some finical a sp e c ts of th e English language iii those iiltiercials run about Don Colson'’ nstead of tearing him down, why don t you praise ii for the fine job he does? Why are you alw ays 
‘intoning hun and saying what he does that is mig? 
MRS. E. 

Me have received sev­ eral letters about the last item we ran con­ cerning Colson’s use of 
“ thai'* in referring to people. 
Some of them have conic from English pro­ fessors, leachers and others who point out 
“ that” is perfectly all right to use in referring to “people." 
However, in their enth- usiasiu to defend tolson. most of his fans keep forgetting that 

Action-Express carries letters from readers and was not expressing an opinion ut its own about 
Colson’s English. We merely passed the reader’s observations about Colson’s use of 
"that" instead of "who" on to Colson via the co 
Inurn. 
We might point out the promotions containing that phrase: “ I f s the people that make the news" are still being run by t flannel 12. 

PRE-SEASON SALE 
Closeout of 1976 hi-efficiency “7oo 

 central air conditioning. 

*15o-*17o off! 

Change w r o n g 

Recently at a cafeteria I received a German com as change instead of a penny ll was 2 Pfennings Did I get ripped nit or is tins worth a penny ? lf. It, 

Not really. 
\ pfenning is like a penny — it lukrs iou of them to make a mark 
\ 

Easy glider 

99 

23,ooo BTU unit 
*399 

REGULARLY $549 
\ 
The hot weather is just around the comer so think ahead and save now on Wards ”7oo” central air systems. 
Plus features include extra start 
•tower, built-in filter drier, more. 

3o.ooo BTU unit, reg. $649 
. . . $479 
36.ooo BTU unit, reg. $7o9 
. . . $559 
Expert installation available at Wards. 

Call for free estim ate: 
Wonderland . . . . 654-2381 
McCreless 
.......... 654-2581 
Windsor Park 
. . 654-2281 

Full-suspension files open effortlessly. 
£ o 8 8 
O Q 8 8 mat! 
2-dwr. 
4-dwi 

Save $1o 

Warm-up suit with bold stripe trim. 
1697 
Regularly 26.99 

Active ad u lts choose this HOA. cotton, 4o% nylon su it for d u r a ­ bility and good looks. 
Shirt-stvle collar. 

2o% off 
Wards NCAA athletic shoes. 
15 

@ Our supple nylon and suede jogging shoes. 
Tough, flexible sport shoes support and cushion feet. Durable gum rubber soles, padded collar. 

LflO Our Leather tennis shoes for men anti women. have smooth leather uppers and molded rubber out­ se ts. 

(c] Our NCAA-approved leather basketball shoes. 
Kull-gruin leather upper rubber outsoles, toe cap. 

2o 

Reg. $19 
79 

Reg. 25.99 
59 
Reg 21.99 

 reg.71.99 reg. 1o4.99 

You can open this fully loaded drawer to full length twice as easily as a non-suspension drawer. 
Reinforced steel construction has a durable, baked-on enamel finish in choice of tan or black. 

 mm s a v e $6 

2-DWR. STEEL 
UTILITY FILE 
88 

REGULARLY 42.99 

15x29xl8"-deep file is perfect for sm all of­ fices or home storage. 

IN SPORTING 
GOODS DEPARTMENT 

SAVE *1o 

REINFORCED 
STEEL FILE 
66 8 8 

REGULARLY 76.99 
Four vertical steel p o s t s g i v e a d d e d s t r e ngt h. Dr awer s glide easily on nylon rollers, 15x24x52'll. 

H an d le* and card b u ld er* attach easily. 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY? APPLY FOR A CH ARG-ALL ACCOUNT TO BUY IT NOW 
W e like having you around. Exfran 

 murk Is wunh almost 12 cents or so I hat makes 2 pfennings worth about eiuht tenths of a cent 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
1H 35 North at Walsem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southern** 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

H 
S A N A N T O N IO EX PR ESS— Friday March 4 1977 
Court nixes FTC order splitting major oil firms 

The companies urged that the FTC must file an environm ental forecast. 
They warned of economic and e n v i r ­ onmental injury, “ unnecessary deple­ tion of our nation's natural resources," and possible new pollution from in­ creased fuel consumption to transport petroleum products. 
Cannel!a said. “ The court recognizes that its ruling today m a y signal an occasional decision not to prosecute antitrust violators for the sake of pre­ serving our environment. 
“ In the rare case where the FTC determines that the severity of the of­ 

 fense does not justify the environmen­ tal cost of remedying it. no doubt we all will be better off hearing the non­ com petitive effects rather than paying for competition with our natural r e ­ sources." 
The FTC order would “ restructure the petroleum industry and alter the manner in which oil. a depletable na­ tural resource, is produced, distribut­ ed and used." The court called this a 
‘major federal action significantly al- fecting the quality of the h u m a n e n ­ vironment' as that phrase is used in ... 
NEPA." 
Andrus: Pump the gas or else 

Imports said hurting 
U.S. sugar producers 

WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. In­ ternational Trade Commission voted 
5-1 Thursday in favor of a finding that imports of foreign sugar threaten se r­ ious h a r m to 
A m e r i c a n s u g a r producers. 
The commission made no immediate recommendation on what should be done about it. A sp o k e sm an said it would debate proposed r e m e d ie s at another meeting on March IO 
President Carter will be required to ta ke action on the c o m m i s s i o n ' s r e c o m m e n d a t i o n s w ithin OO d a y s . which could involve setting im port 

 tariffs, establishing quotas or provid­ ing so-called adjustment assistance to domestic producers and their workers. or some combination of these. 

The issue of foreign im ports arose because of concern in Congress that imports of cheaper foreign sugar could drive dom estic gro w ers out of b u s i ­ ness. Congress ordered the study by the trade commission 

Carter isn't required to accept the commission's recommended remedies, but if he does not, e ith er house of Congress could override him. 

Military royalty 
•/ a 7 

Princess Anne, center, in her uniform as Chief Commandant of the W o m en ’s Royal N aval 
S e rv ice , is acco m p an ied by 
Princess A lic e , D utchess of 
G lo u c e s te r, left, A ir C h ief 
Commandant, W R A F, and the 
Dutchess of K en t, C ontrol 
C om m an d an t, 
W R A C . 
The three were attending the Com­ bined W o m e n ’s Service D ia­ mond Jubilee Service at W e st­ minster Abby in London Thurs­ day. — AP W irephoto 

A SSO C IA TED PRESS 
NEW VORK — A federal court judge nullified Thursday a Fed­ eral Trade Commission order that would have broken up the nation’s major oil companies. 
The judge ordered the FTC to study the possible environmental impact of the order which would force the oil giants to change the system they now use to sell oil in the United States. 
Currently, the eight oil companies in the case are involved in the oil market from drilling ventures to o p e ra tin g service stations. The com m ission al­ leged oil companies are maintaining a non-competitive refining m a rke t and proposed divestiture .of some refining o p e r a t i o n s and p ip e lin e s . It a l s o reco m m en d ed formation of 111 to 13 new refining firms. 
In a decision on file here Thursday, 
U S. District Court J u d g e J o h n M. 
Cannella ordered the commission i m ­ mediately to begin complying with the 
National Environmental Policy Act by p rep a rin g an en v iro n m en ta l im p a c t study. 
Four times 
The environmental issue was pushed by Mobil Oil Corp.. Gulf Oil Corp.. 
Shell Oil Co. and Standard Oil Co. of 
California The four firm s were t a r ­ geted in the FTC complaint July 18, 
1973, along with Exxon Corp.. Texaco 
Inc.. Atlantic Richfield Co. and Stan­ dard Oil ( o. of Indiana 

WASHINGTON (AP) - With Vice 
P r e s i d e n t W a l t e r F. M o n d a l e an d 
Cabinet m e m b ers as draw ing ca rds, the Democratic National Committee is trying to recruit I.UUU b u s in e s s and professional people to raise or donate 
$5,(1oo apiece for the party treasury. 

The goal is to raise at least $5 million in each of the next four years. 

Administration officials are to a p ­ pear at Democratic meetings around th e c o u n t ry , to s p e a k and a n s w e r questions before small groups of pro- 

VVASHINGTON (A P ) - G ra b b i n g his first real chance to speed up nu- tu r a l g a s p r o d u c t i o n . 
I n t e r i o r 
Secretary Cecil D. Andrus told a pe­ troleum com pany T h u rs d a y to start pumping gas from newly-discovered reserves or else give up its federal offshore lease. 
He a c c o m p a n i e d this c r a c k d o w n with a general warning that he will not renew five-year offshore leases unless 

 spective donors, as the party tries to enlist m e m b e r s of an e x p a n d e d N a ­ tional Finance Council who would give or raise $5,ooo apiece. 
That s similar to the system used by past presidents of both parties, and it dramatizes the fundraising advantage of the party in the White House. 
Mondale appeared before more than 
4o persons at a T h u rs d a y lu ncheon atWashington's Madison Hotel Budget 
Director Bert Lance was at a dinner session at the sa m e hotel Wednesday night, with about HO persons on hand. 

 the companies involved agree to begin gas production as fast as possible. 
Andrus announced last Feb. 17 that he will personally review requests for lease extensions w here oil and gas production has not yet begun. 
His move Thursday came in the first case brought before him. a lease held by Aminoil Oil Co. in the Vermilion ar e a in th e Gulf of Mexico otf Lo­ uisiana 

A n d ru s re fu s e d to e x t e n d tin* e x p i r i n g le as e for six m o n t h s for further exploratory drilling; instead, he gave the company only until next 
Monday to find a drilling rig for one more exploratory well. 
And Andrus negotiated a detailed t i m e t a b l e for d e v e lo p in g an d producing gas reserves alre a d y d i s ­ covered on the lease. 
Aminoil has already drilled six wells and discovered an estimated 21 billion cubic feet of natural gas. Its lease, a l re a d y e x ten d e d 3o day s , ex p ire d 
Wednesday, but the company asked for six months more to drill a seventh well in hopes of finding another IO billion cu b ic feet of g a s before s t a r t i n g production. 
Andrus refused, insisting on a d e­ tailed plan to bring gas already dis­ covered into production bv the fall of 
1978. 

D em ocrats seeking 
1 ,o o o big donors 

 n Automotive values. 

$21-$3o off pairs. 

Glass-belted Twin Guard. 

• 2 fiberglass belts for traction, mileage 
• 2-ply poly ester body to smooth the ride 

 n HELE*'* 
Ml.Ai KW ALL 
SIZE 

KEI.l l AH 
CHICK 
EACH 

HALE 
PRICE 
PA IR 

P H * 
E .i.r. 
KAI ll 
A78-13 
$33 
$ 4 5 
1.73 
E78-14 
$4o s . v . 
2.26 
F78-14 
$44 
$61 
2.42 
G78-14 
$17 s r i " , 
2.58 
M78-14 
$49 
$69 
2.8o 
A78-15 
$37 sr, I 
1.93 
G78-15 
$48 
$66 
H78-15 
>6o 
_J7o 
2.88 

NO I KAUI IN N U DCO VV HI l l W A l,!.' t i M« »K) I. Veil 

Sale priced thru Mar. 22. 

TI BELES* w h it e w a l l 
SIZE 
A78-13 
C78-14 
E78-14 

HK.I LAH 
PRICE 
EACH 
$46 
$55 
$59 

SALE 
PRICK 
‘LMI) I IHE 
$18 
$19 
$25 

 when you buy the first this. whitewall at reg. low price plus f.e.t. each. 
Grappler I steel- belted whitewalls 

• 2 tough, puncture-resistant steel belts for strength, traction, mileage 
• Aggressive 7-rib tread to provide posi­ tive handling and control 

 off ndtire 

Free mounting. 

F78-14 
G78-14 
$66 
$28 
2.97 
H78-14 
$68 
$3o 
3.24 
G78-15 
$68 
$3o 
3.o3 
1178-15 
$72 
$3o 
3.21 
J78-15 
$77 
$31 
3.32 
L78-15 
$8o 
$36 
3.46 
NO TRADE-IN NEEDED 

Grappler I sale priced thru March IS. 

DOES YOUR CAR NEED NEW TIRES? BUY THEM NOW WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT— NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED 
Car acting up? Pull in here. 

W O N D E R L A N D M ALL 
M CCRELESS M ALL 
W IN D SO R P A R K M ALL 
L A C K L A N D P L A Z A 
R A N D O L P H PL A Z A 
Fredericksburg Rd. st Loop 41o 
So. New Braunfels at South* r o il 
IH 35 North at Walsent Road 
7589 Highway 9o West 
9oo Pat Booker Road 
Open 8 A M until 9 P M daily 
Open 8 A M until 9 P M daily 
Open 8 A M until 9 P.M. dally 
Open 8 A M until 9 P.M daily 
Open 8 A M. until 9 P M daily 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

L o w -cost in stallatio n . 
Values for your car, 

 shocks off Wards 

Pacesetter^ maintains constant speed 
Maintains a preset speed, w q q even on hills or against 
/ wind. Eliminates uninten- 
• tional speeding, saves gas. 
Regularly 94.9 

Fit m ot! 
U S cars. 
Built tough to take it. 

Value 

WARDS SPIN-ON 
OIL FILTER 

Wards in-dash stereo sound center for your car or van. 
REG. LOW PRICE 
FITS MOST CARS 
Helps protect your en­ gine from harmful dirt and dust particles and sludge build-up. Re­ duces wear and helps prolong engine life. Get yours now at Wards. 

32% off. Heavy-duty 
13m6 shock absorber. 

Large I3 ie piston 
M *1 T and all-tem p fluid 
§ § combine for a comfort- 
, ab le ride year-round, g 
° 

35% off. Easy Street shocks: comfort, control. 

All the features of our d* ^ 
I3 is' shocks, more. 
«5r I 
With special heet-sup- 
B pressant rib design. Reg 25.99 

35% off. Radial tires? 
You need Ra 3o shocks. 

Specially valved for 
^ radial tire*. 3omm j piston help prevent 
I sw av at high speeds. 
P1 
Reg. 29.99 

Expert, low-cost installation available. 

Value 

* 1 5 
Re* 
ML 
99.99 

Enjoy today's stereo sounds on our high- fidelity AM FM radio featu rin g AFC, local distance button. Plus an 8-track tape w ith rep eat button. M ost US cars and vans. 

LOW COST INSTALLATION AVAILABLE 

L I M I T 24 

I QT. WARDS HEAVY DUTY OIL 
Wards own. Single-grade 
_ g oil, excellent for rugged use. In most SAE grades. 
T P 
REGULARLY 49* 

Maintenance-free 
Energy System 6o 

Save 44% 
Garage creeper for under-car repairs. 
Hardwood body with nylon casters—rugged. Padded, 
$ £jj? oil-resistant headrest. 
^ 
Regularly 8.99 

Twin Front all-vinyl floor mats 

Durable, helps to protect 
/ J carpets. Clear. Fits all cars. 
8.99 rear mats, 6.44 pair. 
Re] 

T op -q u ality , hig h -p o w er b a tte ry alread y contains all the w ater it needs. It supplies up to 535 cold c ran k in g am ps to produce power- packed starts. In a polypropylene case. Sizes to fit most LIS cars. 

*7 off. Popular 
Get Away 36. 

Value 
A c c e sso ry part* extra 

INSTALLED PRICE 
Wards factory-remanufactured engines. 
Why buy a new car? Our 6-cylinder and sinai 1- block VB engines cost less than many rtcw-car interest charges alone. Sizes for most Chevrolet, 
Ford and Chrysler products, 1967-7-1. 

Free battery installation. 
AC 
NON-RESISTOR SPARK PLUG 
G et reliable q u ality for quick starts, maximum en- gine power, fuel economy. 

 resistor type. . .99< 
WARDS PRICE 

Special 
GET WARDS EXPERT LUBE JOB 
We lube fittings, trans­ mission, rear end to specs. 
Your car will run easier and 
Q Q ( ^ last longer. 

Wards brake installation special. 

2 dikes, 2 drums. 

Parts, labor 
M oat U S cars. 
94 
8 8 
Parts, labor 
M o st U S tars. 

WHAT WE LM); Install shoe* (pads). Kelmild wheel eyl. (cali­ per* on disc jolt*). Inspect mauler cyl., hard ware and seal*. 
Hepuck bearings. Adj. park brake. Turn I drum* (relat e rotor*). Add brake fluid. Road test car. For mo«l I S cars. 

Wheel alignment. 

Helps reduce tire wear. 

Most US cars. Labor only. 

 bnprnpt'r alignment can cause umiMial tire wear ot hunt etui damage We check and cm ret! caird**!, caste i aud I.** flu. check trout end. brake*, civ 
Cars with AU extra. 

GET THAT AUTO WORK DONE NOW— NO DOWN PAYMENT ON PARTS OR LABOR WHEN YOU USE WARDS CON VEN ICN I CRED! I 
Repairs ahead? Pull Ll here. 

Engine tune-up. 

Parts, labor. 

8<yl. cars, 27.88 

6-cyt 

We i na tall point*, plugs con­ denser and rotor, t heck IVV valve, air and breather filter 
Then set dwell and time engine. 

/V tO IN fT G O /V lE R 
IWAI H BJ 

WONDERLAND MALL 
MCCRELESS MALL 
I 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
I 
LACKLAND PLAZA 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
So. New Braunfels at Southcro&s 
!H 35 North at Walzem Road 
7569 Highway 9o West 
9(H) Pat Booker Road 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
OPEN 8 A M. until 9 P.M. daily 

SAN A N TO NIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 I 9 7 7 
" 
-.............—..— 
.....—-------------- T................... 
— — 
Save $1o 

Versatile chromed steel noodlemaker. 
Self-sharpening O Q 9 9 steel cu tters, 
% / 
Adjusts for many Reg. 39.99 sizes, shapes. 

Value 

Dependable 29-vent steam and dry iron. 

F in ger-tip fab- 
^ 9 9 ric dial; instant v c h a n gv l r otn 
R*s- dry to steam . 
*ow P” o® 

Save 5.11 

Electric roll-bag sealer makes any size bag. 
S e a ls fo o d in 
Reg-21.99 b o ila b le b a g s 
I ^%®8 ready to freeze. JI w 

Roll of bags 
Reg- 6.49 

Save 12.95 

6-qt pressure cooker with handy cookbook. 
P o lis h e d c a s t ^ Q 9 9 aluminum. Cook A d in n er in h a lf 32.94 the usual time, combo 

I T 
Save $5 
^ Amazingly versatile 
Ofter® Foodcrafter 
® 
S l i c e , s h r e d . Q ^ 99 chop and crumb. 
It d o e s it a l l Reg. in seconds. 

Save 2.11 

Wards quality 2-slice pop-up toaster. 

Li g h t to d a r k color se le c to r . I 
® 
C hrom ed ca se. black panels. 
Reg. 9.99 

Save 4.11 

Copper teakettles in 3 different styles. 

D ecorative and I n 
8 8 functional. Ful- JL V 7 
Iv nickel lined. Reg- 14.99 
I’'2- 2 -qt cap. 

^ Special buy. 

Our durable plastic pitcher, tumbler sets. 
1 Decorated 7'2-oz I 49 p i t c h e r a nd I JL large tum blers. 
Pitcher, 6 tumblers, 1-92 

Repeat of a winner! 
T 
V V 
A 
Ca W 
AA l l 
I V * I • 
o 
Y 
Housewares Carnival. 

$1o-$18 off. 

[Ai Colorful shelfcabihet. jg 
I -helves, 5 shelf spates. In ap- pl lance-keyed colors. 2 4x12x6o ll. 
Reg. 59.99 

|8 8 

H D Economical shelf cabinet. 
^ 
~ 
5 shelf spates. Whifce-enamel fin- 
A ^ L ish,chromed hardware. 2oxl2x6o"h. 
Keg. 44.99 
88 

IC] Extra-rooniy sU*el wardrobe. 
^ o 8 8 
Hat shelf and hanger bar Walnut- look enam el finish. 32x 19xtto’ h. 
Reg. 69.99 

o Hardwood-top base cabinet. 
88 
I draw er, 2 sh elf spaces 1 t" top 
4 
’C ) w ith 4 “ backsplash 2ox2ox36"h. 
Reg. 64.99 

Fully assembled except for handles and backsplash. 

Pastry mold. 

Scraper spatulas. 

Set of 4 mini loaf pans. 

Plastic juicer. 

KT* ? 

At 

5 trouser hanger rack. 

Nylon wash bag. 

Pl.,IIC flower pot. 

Handy ice­ cube trays. 

Sink maid. 

Fireplace matches. 

( '• '• ‘V o , 

I errarium miniatures. 

A 

Utility box. 

 y y 

Pair of steak knives. 

 rn 

 im 

Macrame banger. 

Wooden spoon set. 

^ t i * w 

8 drip-dry bangers. 

Set of 3 pot holders. 

Two cake- cooling racks. 

Pocket-size mini-adder. 

 t t 
'k 'A 

Iron hanger- bracket. 
Gadgets. 

 each 
Special buys! 

Quaint mug- or coatrack. 

7 J 

Layer cake pan. 

 f 
' A 

-9+ 

Package of sponges. 
Wooden rolling pin. 

. V 
7 
Ll 

Dessert mold. 

/Bf 

Handy spatula. 

 v 
T 
:JjH ****** 

Flat grater. 

/ 

Cutting board. 
% 
XA 

3-piece strainer set. 

Window squeegee. 

A 

 t 

Flour sifter. 
Y 

 r n 
<> v * j 

Carden frog and tools. 

IO1 j" metal colander. 
\\ 

 f oiding dustpan. 

 i 
% 

Measuring cups, spoons. 

\A / 

Rubber gloves. 

Cheese slicer. 

A 

Set of 3 mixing bowls. 

Crockery liner. 

| 
■" ■*>'-» Crot\, 
K‘ 
. t e n 
H . I * * * * * * ~ r'*■ * f A*4 
• , , , A P 
Ho*! • 
6 • • 

 s i t i : ” 
* 

T i 
o t i 
Save $8 
3V2-qt slow-cooker— removable liner, 

1 
7 
8 8 

Regularly 25.99 

S lo w -c o o k in g s e a ls in flavor. Pot doubles as serv­ ing dish. C leans easily. 

6-qt covered 
Dutch oven. 

3-qt covered saucepan. 

$ 

Splatter screen. 

I -qt covered saucepan. 
I O 'i skille t. 

\V 

Spatula and spoon set. 

15 savings. 
Our 9-pc cookware set of 3-ply stainless. 
3488 
Regularly 49 99 

G leam ing stainless steel is triple-layered for even heat, even cooking. High, deep lid s le t you en joy w a te r le s s co o k in g . 
Duteh-oven lid fits lO'a" skillet. 

Save $6 
Our handy 2-hamburger cooker/grill. 

G rills 2 hamburgers or 2 
Hj f \ f t f t sandw iches in minutes. No- 
™ stick for easy clean-up. 

SAVE 
•IO 

19 
Regularly 25.99 

Wards 1o-cup drip coffeem aker 
1988 
Brewer shuts off automatically. 
Separate signal lights for warmer, brewer. 
Regular 29.99 

25% off. 
Aluminum bakeware, Teflon® ll coating. 

J 49 o 9 7 

Reg. 1.99-5.29 

Fine bakeware to suit a your baking needs. Select several pieces today. 

’l-«2 off. 
Assorted plastics for home-care needs. 
99*-2" 

C h o o se: p a i l , d i s h p a n , w aste bin, laundry basket, lift-top w aste bin, more. 
Reg. 1.99-4.99 

D O N T FORGET TO BRING YOUR W ARDS CHARG-ALL CARD— IT S THE FAST, CONVENIENT WAY TO SHOP AT ANY WARDS STORE 
Whats in a sale? Come see. kurE^tfljl 
I 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m . until 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
1H 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open IO a.m . until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

W o r ld n ro m ip r p villa in named Oscar De* in a traditional melodra* 
” 
Lavaca and Mayor Lela ma to he premiered this 
T rip led luyl prices, a 
Crockwell are combined weekend by the Melodra- 

ALL "YA” CAN EAT 
$ o 9 9 fish, fowl 
& sleak . . . 

G et oil the Catfish, chicken or country frie d steak, plus hushpuppies, cole slaw , beans, and french fries you can e a t fo r only $ 2 .9 9 

SAME GOOD FOOD FOR THE YOUNGINS' 
$ 1.49 
The Hunger Experts 

^ DELTA CATFISH CO. rn m i n i m i i i i I m u m m 
Mon.-Thurs. 4:3o p.m.-9:oo p.m. 
Fri.-Sun. 11:3o a.m .-1o:oo p.m. 
7 ? o S .W . M ILITA RY DR. 
7 o 7 5 SAN PEDRO 

 ma Theater. 
“ Tinder Treachery, or 
W here T here s Smoke 
T h e re ’ s F ir e ” w ill be presented F rid a y and 
Saturday through A p ril 
17. at the M elodram a 
T h e a te r in H e m is F a ir 
Plaza. 
The play w ill be p re ­ sented F rid ays and Sa­ turdays at 8:15 p.m. and 
Sunday at 
6:3o p .m . 
Tickets are $3.5o Friday, 
$4 Saturday and Sunday 
$2 tor children and $3 tor adults. 
Mall ballet 
The San Antonio Ballet 
Com pany w ill present h ighlights from various classical ballets at 1:3o p.m . F rid ay and S atur­ day in North Star M all. 
Admission is free. 
Symphony performance 
(ille st french h ornist 
M yron Bloom w ill be featured in an all-Mozart concert at 8:3o p.m. Sa­ turday in the Theater for the Peri renting Arts. 
Roger Malone w ill con­ duct the program which w ill include S,\ inphnny 
No. 28 in < Ma mr. k. 2oo: 
.Concerto No. 2 i i i F Flat, 
K. 417; Concerto Rondo in 
F. Flat K 371 and Seren­ ade No. o in I) M a jo r 
(positi on! ). K 32o 
The perform ance w ill be repeated at 7:3o p.m. 
Monday i i i Laurie A udi­ torium . rickets for the performances are $4 and 
$6.5o. 
More Mozart 
The Sari Antonio Choral 
Society w ill present Mo­ zart's 
Requiem 
Mass and Solemn Vespers at 8 p.m. Friduv and 4 p.m. 
Sunday in T rin ity U ni­ versity s Parker < Impel. 
Admission is free. 
Geraldo Rivera 
ABC-TV nows |>ersona- lity Geraldo Rivera w ill give a lecture on “ The 
New Breed of Newscas­ ters as a Tool for Social 
Change" at 8 p.m. Friday 

 i i i the In ca rn a te W ord 
College Auditorium . 
Tickets for tho lecture are $1.5o for students and m ilita ry and S3 for the public. 
Simon comedy 
Neil Simon s comedy 

SAN A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 I 9 7 7 
Page 
I -D 

 lf you’re a little wide-eyed. we can I blame you We were a little surprised ourselves when our $5,6oo*4 door sedan, the 
6 passenger Audi Fox. beat the 
$8,6oo Chevy Corvette in a 
Slalom test conducted by the 
American Testing Institute But it s true The Fox won* 
Under identical conditions. with the Institute s test dover 

 b u g g e re d 1 9 7 7 retail pi leu P O t Tran*po* lotion, local taxu t and dueler charge*, additional 

At Vtour Participating Audi Dealer 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI, INC. 

San Antonio, T e*a* 7 8 2 o 9 
Telephone (3 1 2 ) 8 2 4 - 3 2 1 4 

LAURIE COLE g iv e s an e x a m p le o f w h a t H o lid ay On Ice is ail ab o u t. The ice e x tra v a g a n z a w ill be p re s e n te d 
F rid a y , S a tu rd a y and Sunday in th e 
C onvention C en ter A re n a . 

“ Come Blow Your H orn" 
Playhouse, w ill be presented by 
Directed bv .Terry Pol- 
Theater San Antonio this l'f k . the play is Simon s 

Loving. 

Caring 

Sharing 

"’Ss, 

C Z M ^ | f t 

Diamond 
Trio Sets in 14K 
Gold! 

Round 

Pear-shaped 

Reg. $599. 

YOUR CHOICE 

$499. 

SAVE $1oo. 

Rings enUrgxd 
1 4K g o ld sa lt trigs 

Marquise 

- i mr 
/> A' " 
1 i c o w tH trw i f 
'N J r . 
TO fur” 
I'Ve A cce pt Bank A n n -u t,in t • D iners Clat) • M aster Charge 

Carte Blanche • A m e rica n Express 

8 G R E A T STO RES IN TH E SAN A N T O N IO A R E A : 5o1 
East Houston, D ow ntow n • Las Palmas Shopping Center 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center • 8 4 2 S VV M ilitary Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
» Central Park Mall •W indsor Park Mall • Shop Gordon's 
Coast to Coast 

 a-1 - o4- 

Erma Hornbeck: 

G u a r a n te e d to S ta r t \ o u r D a y w ith a L a u g h . 

Every day in the Express. 

RELIEVES UP TO 5o% LONGER 
THAN YOUR NASAL SPRAT 

Duration 

 decongestant 
N A S A L SPRAY 

 up to 

AM from nasal conges! due to COLIS, 

U 
S 
L I M ! 

Compare. Just one use of new Duration helps relieve nasal stuffiness and sinus con­ gestion up lo 12 continuous hours...up to 9 hours longer than ordinary sprays...up to 4 hours longer than long-lasting sprays. 
Duration contains oxymetazoline, the only decongestant medically proven to relieve nasal stuffiness and sinus congestion for up to 12 continuous hours. 
And this makes Duration the longest- lasting nasal spray 
NEW DURATION. 
THE LONGEST-LASTING 
NASAL SPRAY. 
Duration 

 decongestant 

 up to 
L j T 
NASALSPRAY 

UCT OF KOUGH INC 

DURATION 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
9 HOURS 
LONGER. 

S h I 
DURATION 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
9 HOURS 
LONGER. 

I 
I 
DURATION 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
9 HOURS gjfMj* Aa. 
LONGER. 

1 .................I 
DURATION 
‘ ' 
RELIEVES 
UP TO 
I K E 
9 ho urs 
LONGER. 

DURATION 
RELIEVES 

 n T z - up TO 
9 HOURS 
LONGER. 

DURATION 
RELIEVES l l 
DURATION 
RELIEVES f f i * 
UP TO 
4 HOURS 
LONGER. 

A k 
DURATION 
RELIEVES 

K 
U P T o ssttSL 
4 HOURS 
LONGER. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

T H IEV ES stars Marin 
Thomas at the Northwest 
Six and Century South. 

TH E 
CASANDRA 
CROSSING features o. 
J. Simpson at the North 
Star and South Park 
Mall. 

FREA KY FRIDAY stars 
Jodie 
Foster at the 
Northwest Six and Cen­ tury South. 

I CENTURE PARK 

WEEKEND 

O PEN 11 AM-3 AM 
Paris-R 
2854 Hunter's Green 
(I»fT o f V * . Military IU <. ■ Oui-M< I it, U n lit.) 
PRK I TO I.Is 

492-2994 
IO >hapr|\ l6«-;« i i I i I i i I C ir l* — 
F«-«-l B e lie r K a-l 

SA N ANTONIO'S FINEST 
CHINESE RESTAURANT 
F am ily Style 
For 34 Years 
Serving our Famous Cantonese Menu! 

NMIiUfDW 

LUNCHEON SPECIALS th ru o u t the w eek! 
OPEN 11:3o A.M. till MIDNIGHT 

SATURDAY T IU I A M. 

" ^ 3 6 2 4 BROADWAY 
822-9211 
Across /rom 
B rackenridge Park 

WIZARDS is a science- 
ROCKY, with Sylvester fiction animated cartoon 
Stallone, is at the Laurel, at the UA Cine Cinco. 

NO BAR. MATi"NAI®'’'— I l:25-2:25-S:39-l: J I 

OR PASSES "JO Y "—12:5o-J:55-3:55-ll:M 

"SO HOT IT HURTS!" 

RATED MOVIES 

Drag MW SOCCTY 

M 
M 

"DM Ml" 11 3o-3 4o-7 5o 
1:oo%. “HARDINGO” Ut J JM** 
" T H E R E WAS . . . 
"P J T C H N " NOW 

NOW THRU 
SUNDAY! 

BEFORE . 
. 
. "R O O T S 
M A N D I G O 
AND 
TOGCTHCB UNCUT. SCC BOTH O N THC 
B IG Si 
Expect all that the motion picture screen has never dared to show before. 
Expect the truth. 

Featuring: Big Bird, Cookie 
Monster and other Muppet 
Characters from "Sesame Street.” 

Tap skating stars in a*ar two haws af great family enter­ tainment. fastest fun­ niest skew en ic*. 

JVI ANDINGO 
LIT THE FUSE 

S.A. CONVENTION CENTER 
WED., MARCH 2 THRU SUN., MAR. 6 

WED., MAR. 2..... I PJM. 
THURS., MAR. 3 ... I P.M. 
FRI., MAR A 
8 P.M. 
SAT., MAR. S 
2 PJM. 
SAT., MAR. 5....... 8 P.M. 
SUN., MAR. 6 ..... 2 P.M. 

‘ CHILDREN 
12 end under 
HALF PRICE 
ALI 
PERFORMANCES. 

OO 
OO 
OO 
PRICES: 
TAX INCLUDED 
REDUCED TICKETS N O W O N SALE: 
JOSHE S, SEARS, JAM & JELLY, ARENA BOX OFFICE. 

T H T I 
TIU 
M u m 

"CAMPUS" 1 1 15 2 21 5 25 1 JI 
“ C O W S" 12:45 3:51 1:55 11 oo 

CAPITAN 
OU) KWT 9o W AI H 
4 

CAMPUS ' 71o-1o:o5 

“COCOS'' *45 ONLY 

Myron Bloom 
French Horn 
Roger Melone 
Conducting 
All Mozart program 

Sym phony No. 28 In C Major 
Concerto No. 2 In E Flat M ajor 
Concerto Rondo In E Flat M ajor 
Serenade No. 9 In D Major 
March 

5 8:3o pm 
Theater for the Perform ing Arte 
7 7:3o pm 
Laurie Auditorium 

T i c k e t s : $ 3 t o $ 6 . 5 o 
Also available at Record Hole Storee 

Fish Sale 

FISH SPECIA LS 
Algot Eater i«9 j/i 
$ .3 9 
Neon Tetra t.fi s n 
4 / $ I .OO 
White deus* leg u t 
.............. 4 / $ l .OO 
Brick Red Swordi*g si.4« ...... 
2 / $ 1 . o o 
Black Skirts btise.......................... $ .2 9 
Bosey Barbs tag u t 
......... 
$ .3 9 
Assorted Bundt Plants bg s se 
3 / $ I .OO 
LIMITED QUANTITIES 
WI RKSftVI IHI tlGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIfl 

Sal* begins March 4. Ends March 1o. Shop tod*pl 

 n-xar,) 

I loft CAI HSM ANO ACCESSORIES Al SAN MOCO STORE ONIYI 

/ T I r f 
B 
J 
. 
SHOT SANT TMW SAT. IO TS 9 o / i j M in r e a r o w»NoAfi*-**rHONiMi jsai 

C ontinued from P ag e ID first comedy. It's about a young man breaking away from his parents vc it h the help of his older, sw inging brother. 
Performances will be at 8:15 p.m. Friday and 
Saturday and at 2:3o p.m. 
Sunday. 
Telephone 
735-8922 for reservations. 
Ice extravaganza 
Holiday On lee is pre­ senting a cast of skaters this weekend in a show tracing American music from ragtime to rock and roll. A special feature of the show is various Se­ same Street characters. 
Performances will be given at 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday and a 2 p.m. matinee will be presented Saturday and 
Sunday. 
Tickets are $4. $5. and 
SH at Joske's and Jam and Jelly General Store at 8428 N. New Braunfels 
Ave. 
Black roots 
The 
Afro-American 
Players will present “ Ye 
Shall Know the Truth " at 
7:3o p.m. Friday in the 
Carver 
Community 
Center. 22H N. Hackberry 
St. 
The presentation com­ bines song, narration and movement to depict the history of Black Ameri­ cans. There is a 82 dona­ tion. 
Mystery play 
The Harlequin Dinner 
Theater is presenting the mystery play “ Spiral 
Staircase’’ Friday and 
Saturday in the theater located at Fort Sam 
Houston. 
It is presented at 8:15 p.m. both nights preced­ ed at 7 p.m. by a buffet. 
Telephone 221-2188 for reservations. 
Realistic paintings 
San 
Antonio artist 
Harold Gore will exhibit a group of new paintings from noon to 8 p.m. Sun­ day at Tom Keyes Gal­ lery, 1542 W. Hildebrand 
Ave. 
Gore is one of San An­ ton ins most respected realistic painters. 
Fica market 
The Farmers Market in Market Square will be the setting of a flea mar­ ket both Saturday and 
Sunday beginning at IU am. 
De Sade’s wife 
Our Lady of the Lake 
University 
Theater 
West’s production of 
“ Madame dc Sa de" will open at 
8:15 p.m. 
Saturday. 
According to the play’s author, Yukio Miahima. 
“ Madame de 
Sade” could be described as De 
Sade seen through wo­ men's eyes. Tickets are 
82. Telephone 434-671 1 ext. 298 for reservations. 
Watercolor exhibit 
The first Sun Antonio exhibition of the nation­ ally recognized Ameri­ can Watercolor Society traveling exhibit will be at the Chapman G ra­ duate Library Great Hall at Trinity University this weekend. 
Spooky musical 
A horror m usical. 
“ The Bloody Mr. Hyde.’’ will be presented at the 
Mixer City Theater by the 
Magiek Theater Touring 
Company. 
The play will be pre­ sented ai 8 p.m. Sunday through Tuesday through 
March 15. Telephone 
732-8385 for reservations. 
Free music 
The San Antonio Sym- i phony will present two free concerts Friday — one at Travis Bark at noon and another at 7:3o pm. in the Fast Fwd 
Mulli-Service Center. 
The program will fea­ ture selections from 
"The Sound of Music.” 
“ Showboat’’ and Sousa march as well as waltzes by Tbchiukuwsky and 
Strauss. 

Final run 
The final performances of “ An Inspector t ails" will be men tins week­ end by the 
Church 
Theater. 
The theater located 
115o S. Alamo St. in the 
King William area will present the mystery about an inspector who 

 uncovers the secrets of a wealthy family F riday through Sunday. 
On Friday and Satur­ day the show is preceded by a buffet beginning at 7 p.m. On Sunday Hie show is presented with free c heese and wine at 3 p.til. 
Group rates are avai­ lable. Telephone 224-4o85 fur reservations. 
Tex-Mex roots 
“ ( hulas Fronteras” a 
58-minute documentary about the con,junto music of South Texas will be shown at 8 p.m. and 9:3o p.m. Friday and Satur­ day in St. Mary's Uni­ versity Continuing Edu­ cation Center Auditor- 
JSee W EEKEND , Page ;tD 

COL SIN. COLSINE fea THE S E N T IN E L f u ­ tures Marie-Christine tures Arthur Kennedy at 
Barrault at the North* ^ie ( **ntury South aud west Six 
Northwest Six. 

* ntor rn I rn I•• fobc M 'iM O T 
(»r nj ii*; 
7:oo-9:35 

H P B 
‘Ttuiiwu •' w ii t»*)i 
1:5o-4:25-7:oo-9:35* I 

CLINT EASTW OOD^ 
AS DIRTY HARRY 

IN 
“ THI 
ENFORCER" 
HH 8 MOM. 7i4M:» 
UT -SUN l»:45-r?M JS 
(8) _ 

4 
ACADEMY AWARD 
NOMINATIONS 
BEST ORIGINAL SONG iBadtra St'9'vwx) • Paul Williams: 
BEST ADAPTATION SCORE 
(Adapted by Roge, K.llaway) 
BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY 
BEST SOUND 

 s r i i 

ARMY N O V A R p' t - s 
T U E 
C H IL D 

L E T S PLAY H ID E 
A N D G O KILL. . ./ 

 e a s t m a n c o l o r K ;g 

RN* 2nd footer* of T*xo* ami 
O H M IM I 

T elevision w ill never be the sam e 
MITKOGOmWYXAMYEA 
FAYE 
WILLIAM 
DUNAWAY HOLDEN 
PETER ROBERT 
FINCH DUVALL (8) lf 

WHAT A HORRIBLE WAY TO OIE! m r m s r m 
12-2-4-44-1o 
UNIVERSAL 
Today 4:3o-8:15-1 (MM 

 r n 

1:3o-3:3o-5:3o-7:3o-9:$ 
TEXAS 
T*4*y “CHOUP’’ 1:oo-3:35 
“R A T T U R f” 2:3o-3:23 

“ THI CHILD’* 7:3o-1o:35 
R A T T U S !" 9:15 

CENTURY SOUTH 
FOX CENTRAL FARK 

12:oo-2:3o-5:oo 
7:3o-1o:oo 

Tad** 7:33-9:45 
-SNN. I: 15-3:15*5:25- 
7:35-9:45 

Q g N C H A I , C I N E M A T H U E A T IR E S 

I N O R T H S T A R IV E R Y DAY TM. 1:3o P.M.-S1.3Q 

SANANTONIO lOVBS the comedy hit of the year. 

^ C M I N W I T H 
^ 
D IC H A N D J A N I 

EXCLUSIVE 
1 2 .2 .4 4 .1 .1 o 
‘9 T H 
. I J B 
I -------------- 

T H I C A SSA N D R A CROSSING 
1 2 :2 o -3 :4 o -5 :o o - 7 :3 o - 9 :4 o (I) 

C A R W A S H , 
12:45 2:35-4.25 

*1o-4:o5-9:54 

JAWS wemmmmm— m M 
I M C C R A W SI OO ALL SH O W S AT ALI TIM IX 

12 1) o - 2 :4 o - 5 :o o 
(N ) 
7 :2 o -9 :4 o 

 iT m m 1 u N I T « o A W T I « T » T H « A T W « q f m m m 
JO IN T H I U A GOLDEN A O I CLUB (OVER OOJ 
APPLICATIONS AT BOX O m C i 
HAPPY HOUR UNTIL 1:3 o A U SCATS ONLY f 1 .3 B 

2:oo4:3o 
J 
7:oo 9:3o J 

THC FCAP IS SPREADING | 

12:3o 2*45 
3:oo-7:15 
9:3o * 
MOST MLARMU5 SUSffNSI 
MOI Of YOUR URI 
I ■•CHAND P * Y O * • O M I W H M l 
I 

1:5o4:25 
7:oo9:35 

STREISAND • KRISTOFFERSON I 
“ A STAR is jdscfiliimd 

D A D N ” I 
— p iu s— 
D U I i n 
J 
JAIMES CAAN IN 

LR J ‘‘CINDERELLA LIBERTY” * 

HTS 
MAY 

I >o I M S IM 
AMD OO 
7.SO *3o 
KfU 
I 

11OO 3 :o o SKX) 7 :o o 9 :o o 

KIN 
MORTON 
IN 

COLOR 

"M a NDINGO" U T THE FUSE J 
■DRUM I 
IS THC E X PLOSION * 

IKK) SKM 9 :o o 
MAJtfTYK 3 :1 o 7 :1 o 

— P IU S — ■ 

■ CHARLES BRO NSO N IN 

M f e J t t A J f O T A ” 
H 
12 :4 3 2:3 o 4 :1 
6.CX) 7 43 V:JO 

 i i n l j j v l r a m a s y of peace and m agic 

 rn 

 rn ox of 

AN 

IHC 

AOVfNTURt 

IO MILLION 

YEARS IN 

THE FUTURE. 

A 

 ta’ 

 piHUknn fin i4fc«fcu 
A R A L P H B A K S H I U L M 
^ 
MOTOS mm* 

Call 223-5591 
Sym phony Box Office 

* 

 r 

The SAN ANTONIO 
Watercolor 
GROUP 

IN V IT ES VOL TO S EE T H E 
1M76/'TT Traveling Exhibition of the 
AMERICAN W ATERCO LO R SO CIETY 
March I thru March 15 
CHAPM AN G RA D !'A TE CENTER 

T R IN IT Y I D IV ER SIT Y 
D AILY IO to 5 
S I NU AYS 1:3o to 5:oo 

No \dini**ioii ( Alarge 

S A N A N T O N IO E X P R E SS— 
Fridoy M orch 4 I 9 7 7 

 e^ yN 9 ft<S/N£> 
Sothbareij 
Restaurant 

Black forest 
Steaks and 
Seafoods 

I 
WE’RE FROM CORPUS 
Try Our 
Scrumptious Seafood 
ORN 11:3o SJL - 11:oo M I.; SAT. 5:oo-11:oo PJK. 
9 2 2 6 W urzbach R oad 

 eft D a ta P o in t 
6 9 6 - 9 1 1 4 
C O / N 9 Q /X /> € > 
Q 
/ ^ C 

 ium. Tickets are $1.5o for 
Students and $2 for the public. 
Reading and writing 
San Antonio Wellesley 
College Club will present. a 
“ Readers’ and 
W riters” ’ program fea­ turing two Texas women authors at 3 p.m. Sunday in the San Pedro Play­ house. 
Shelby Hearon and Su­ zanne Morris will discuss their novels and exper­ iences as women in the field of writing. 
Tickets, which are tax deductible, are $5 and 
$2.5o for students. All proceeds benefit the 
Wellesley College Schol­ arship F’und. 

 various paintings, wood san Antonio State Hospi- blocks and clothing de- tai Patients at 3:3o p m. coration, rn 
Sunday in the All Faith 
Free symphony 
Chapel 
The San Antonio Sym- 
Soloist for the perfor- phony will perform for mance will be psychia­ 

 trist Terresa Stallworth, outpatient services. the Bach Piano Concerto Quintet i" F Minor, Opua director of inpatient and 
Dr. Stallworth will play in (I Minor and Brahm’s 34. first movement. 

San Antonio 

 r r w a a g a a n n 
B p i a M ; . * - i f o t u 
Update ... 
Music for the City 
Ifree concerts 
In cooperation with the 
Parks and Recreation Dept. 
City of San Antonio 

T o d a y i 
Travis Park 
11:45 am 

T o n i g h t i 
East End Service Center 
7:3o pm 
(Commerce & Houston Sts.) 
Harvey Garber 
Conducting 

SHELBY HEARON 
. . . in discussion 

Adult fairy tales 
“ Once Upon a Mat­ tress,” a modern musical fairy tale for adults will be presented F riday and 
Saturday at the F’ort Sam 
Houston Playhouse. 
Based oil the fairy tale about the princess and the pea, the show stars 
Amy 
La Presto as a wacky princess. 
The show is at 8:15 p.m. both nights. Admis­ sion is $3. 

Chinese art 
A major collection of contemporary art from the People’s Republic of 
China will open this weekend at 
Jo ske’s 
Downtown Store. 
The exhibit consists of 

R 
O 
C 
T 
C 
Y jm 
BEST ACTOR 
BEST ACTRESS 
^ ^ 
I 
S U V I S H H S U U O N I 
BEST DIRECTOR 
H rn ACADEMY best screenplay 
W 
SVEVFSTER STALLONE 
■ 
AWARD BEST oR,G,NAl SCoRE 
■ 
WA Ul kl ATI AHC 
BEST SUPPORTING 
NOMINATIONS actor 
BEST PICTURE 

BEST ACTRESS 
TALIA SHfflt 
BEST DIRECTOR 
JOHN G AVII U SIH 
BEST SCREENPLAY 
S Y I VESTER STALL ONE 
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE 
BILL CONTI 
BEST SUPPORTING 
ACTO R 
BU H G ISS MEREDITH 
N V I V I I ai id t vniiur 

KNOCKOUT. 
The climactic fight sequence is brutal and breath-taking- 

 guaranteed to reduce even the 

 most skeptical 
* observer to a quivering fan... f 
Even the most jaded preview crowds have burst into applause at the film s closing.*' 

★ ★ ★ ★ 

,Highest Piling' , ’ 

Rocky is a glowing tribute to the human spirit .., 

A wonderfully tender love affair Its the creation of 

 a truly sensational new talent 
Sylvester 

Stallone 

1 
)Sf*i 

“ ROCKY” IS A CINDERELLA-STORY FOR 
MEN AND WOMEN YOUNG AND OLD. 
BECAUSE IT TELLS THE AUDIENCE WHAT IT 
WANTS TO HEAR ABOUT 
TRUST, HON­ 
ESTY AND REALITY, 
MOST OF ALL YOU 
GO HOME WITH THAT 
GOOD OLD FEEL 
ING". THINGS AREGETTING BETTER 
•O S PO LO NSKY 
S .A LIG H T 

HUB 

 a b c ) IN T E R S T A T E 7 ?, 

BROADW AY 

494o 

VTV „ 
K i s " ,/r 

■u Lew u u i two ruiLO m m n a n ma u M u i w L i M U i n u a 
S O P H IA L O R E N 
R IC H A R D H A R R IS 
M A R T IN S H K E N 
O. J . S IM P S O N 
L IO N E L S T A N D E R 
AN N T H U L L 

I N G R i d t h u u n 

 im rn u iU c K C I 

- B l R T L A N C A S T E R , m a c ik n s ik — AVA G A R D N E R . Hit n u . . 

T H E C A S SA N D R A C R O S SIN G 

U K t u r n TOM III -TO* JON'S PW UP LA* U * U I * I U « 
A U D A V A L U rn— r. / n u t GOLHMm i ra m s., aa TOM MAAKIimCI llttEJIT KATIA OK, IACI. TAN OOM ATIA nww. r>AflAK*T KATI.— CKOACK PAW CCMATni TAN k» KAO*. lA w N w h C T I 
— r a n i A R U ) P O N T I a v a * . G E O R G E P A N CIW M ATO G 

7:45 

9:45 

I S A m i 

OfNIB4L CHHIM A COADUNATION 
N O R T H S T A R 
342-93o4 

12:1o-2:4o-5:oo 
7:2o-9:4o 

IM MAT 
B M Y 
•OTR 
TRIA rtO 
7:oo-9:1o 
2:oo4:3o 

I n I • r • I a I • • 
o B 25EEHIEI tai S«M»r^l"r I ll*/ 

STARTS TODAY 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

7:45-9:5o 
I 2:3o-2:45-5:oo- 

7:15-9:3o 

The Best 
Entertainment 
Picture 
Of 1977 

It’s Comedy! 

It’s Adventure! 

Ifs Romance! 

It’s “SILVER STREAK” 

S I L V E R 
S T R E R K 

I filii nims linnT u 
I BIM Flt'Mli hill ut tis I'Hffiw 

 m GINI WliDIR Jill C M U RICHARD PRYOR a WW mill ii h 
‘SilVII S H * iv :«w |>S nm UKW RfWI Italian III mil! tllHfl jilHS ui PEIRICK McOODHiN 15 it jet in* *» • hr.’. hiio 5 IMF1 la w i nj nm film fuM if MRSI mull i»i HRH ii < • hrtl h HW mill • » 'fW it CLI UKK po M,.iK our, WSI,,.- Vine I* ium mncm - c p s1 m f 
S). 

Today at 

N O R T H W E S T S I X 
* Io n ia . 4IO»»<««.|i>.»l.rt 
MT AHA 

CfiM k d e p lo y a d for »imo* and p o lk lei 

COUSIN COUSIN!' 

'CHATTERBOX” 

FREAKY FRIDAY’ 

“PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN” 

•THIEVES 

THE CHILD' 

Today a* 

C E N T U B Y S O U T H 6 
SA Ari Of . M H W 
TJA4)1' 

Chack d e p lo y o d for rim.» and polkl.t 

NETWORK 

'CHATTERBOX' 

“FREAKY FRIDAY’ 

“PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN” 

THE SENTINEL' 

THE CHILD' 

 f ' 
Today of 
Son Pdra 

•THICHAD" 
"RATTlHtS" 

S A N P E D R O llmi KHI. OU'BOOT 
Vgw Mn Mf |4M» ll 
494 SAH 

"MANDINGO" 
‘‘OKUM" 

 r 
Chpdi display “'N td tor tim**. 

"MISTY UITHOVEN" 
"EXPOSE ME 1oVEIY” 
"SOMETIME SWEET 
SUSAN" 

No 
I”-.... 
_ w 
I::::::: 
Bar- 
Mat. 
4 2o 5 Son Porlro'J UL'; i i i ® 
I* 
CO LO M BE! 
N O U N 

BOGART AND BACALL 
T H E B IG 
T O H A V E & 
S L E E P " 
H A V E N O T" 
JStiSiSSBm i*KW £m » 

STARTING SUNDAY 
‘PUBLIC ENEMY” 
“DARK VICTORY* 

STARTING TUESDAY 

‘ADVENTURES OF ROBIN H OO D" 
“CAPTAIN BLOOD’ 

 n 
JACK NICHOLSON 
— 

IM IO at WuuImkS (nit 
494 3921 

BEST 
PICTURE 
1976! 
T H C 

Hi LOUISE 
FLETCHER 

NEST 
; 
Today 
5:3o-9:45 
Sat. 1:15-5:3o-9:45*' 
— pius! 
Dustin Hoffman 
ZZ 
- 
“Lenny,” 
PERRINE 
Ta4 n 7 at. 3:35- 
Sal 
:5o 
5-7:5o’ 

 att id! NOtlHW KII |g § C K N I UK V o 
NOIINWKIV 
B it 
( I N 
V 
I R 
I f . 
I O I I N 
U 
I ie W la # die MI (M M P .. Iwr 
M T .IM 
14o-1 IO ) 2o-7 Jo-T 4o 

 ch atty tm I n t padiw 
. m(t . 
MAILO 
CBAILES 
THOMAS 
CAOOn 

J 

MRNBPNiV f 
I f 1o-1:5o- 
1:5o 
5:5o-7:5o- t'SO 

N O ITH W KII i l l 

 l.r rn duff tm I 
(•HU*) *c lust ie..lap4itTHln^.al... 
MT TIM 
OWMWAAWA*. 
“Cousin Cousine is a marvelous film. It will elate you and make you feel exuberant with happiness and joy. 
& * * * ■ s**. < anbc iv 

“One of those rare films you'll want to see again and again and again!" a,.*,**...•* 

PtijHBBfTAt 6UMAM2 a d u n c 
W' » ... 

“IT IS AN UPPERCUT 
TO THE DEVIL S JAW 
AND AN UPPER 
FOR THE VIEWER S 
SPIRITS. Rocky’ 

 is a pugnacious, charming, grimy, beautiful fairy 

I I P tale. A formidable 
Q 
I accomplishment 

1 1 1 ' One of the best scripts and 
H performances of the year' 
AOK? jOmNI'MUTi NI*'OM 

DELIGHTFULLY 
HUMAN 

COM EDY that will undoubtedly wind up as the sleeper of this movie year, 
... Packed with comedy, perception, and sensitivity, 
« 
Rocky is a sincere, rousing film that raises the spirits m d gladdens the 

V 
-juO**1* C M * 
S»TV**oT« Hint* 

■HP United Af lute 
W * 
•« Ca* * * * * 

NOMINATED 
FOR 3 
ACADEMY 
AWARDS! 

MV 
U te\ 

5 W M.I Or at IM J5 4. *24-4511 
IU.*-* IO 

 sentinel 
■CHRIS SABANDO* 
Vanillin m in 

HOO Imj.xIi 
YAIIKY N I 
OUTDOO* THIATil 
B l 

4 1o 4 B i M U u i i 
474 331 
“Good” 7:3o “Fistful” 1o:3o “Few" 12:1o “Hang” 2:2o 
SPEND THE 
NICHT WITH 
CLINT 
EASTWOOD 

■ OR A FEW 
DOLLAR* MORE 

T H E G O O D 
T H E B A D 

T H E U G 1Y 

"Tho Enforcer",.. 
Botan d a n was 
Magnum fa t i t '... 
Balon thor wa* "Oirty 
Harry"... 
.. I hora wm a man wha wa* 
SO DIRTY no on* ann know what to cai turn . Jo la was ioIM TIM Man Wit* No 

( P G ) 

NOGINW HI I [HIC K m I UU ir k 
I n i o u I N 
U 

 rn lf « 'lw . 4 IP MT (MI. OU" Go 
MT PJM 
P W M.I Dr af IM I S P . 
* 2 4 * 5 1 1 
Bott) fhoofr** 12-2-4-6-B-IO 
Boryoin mdrtinoo Boily for Hwolr* capacify far first porformonc* only. 
|T S P L A K S F O H JT S U jH 

M Ii a Map TIP Mr (a 
> I m) 
PdT.IP# 
P W DM Or «• IM I S S . 
* 2 4 -o*11 
Both f hoof rat 12-2-4-6-S-1o 
Bargain matin## Batty far tfcoatn topacity far first porformonc* only. 
THE NEWEST. PINKEST 
PANTHER OF ALL! 
PETER SEIBERS ^^herbert lom 

•« OUI KUBY 
H O M B M O T O 
Lf Silt MM OOWR 

K M M W lllM fi S lim 

 r n * M HENRY MANCINI 
PtMc.it nwrca 

TONY ADAMS 

IMM It Mi Loaf 

* TOM JONES 
■now It 
FRANK WALDMAN 

 im BLAKE EDWARDS 
IW M Md I* Kttd 

 m BLAKE EDWARDS 
M if n m r 

C B M w M M M 

U n it e d A r t i s t ^ pc; 

 n\>" 
\ l ' <V sv^.\s(> v'c 
■ 
A M * * 
R 
CHATTERBOX Starring CANDICE RIALSON | 
LARRY GELMAN-JANE KEAN- . 
RIP TAYLOR 
^.PROFESSOR IRWIN COREY • SANDRA GOULD 

H=l »iTC TrrTTTT jfHMRgRgQQ^gRRRgRj 

■ a lit) 
TI* tM la4»W 
G a 
MT TIM 
* W MM Dr a t IM l l t a 
* 1 4 -4 * 1 1 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo9:oo-1o:oo 
12:1o-2:1o-4:1o-6:1o9:1o-1o:1o 
No Borgoin M a lin ta 
SQI rn 
914 AIU 

B S X 
P.,...* •< rn a ark,la 

I A N U U ) K O mm ic ills OO!DOO* 
Ma iadra al Im.,, Id 
4*4 1414 
MAMOIftOO ' 7)o filii 
2 GREAT HITS W IT H ALL 
THI P A S S I O N OF “ R O O T S * ' 

Expect all that the motion picture screen has never dared to show before 
Expect the truth. 

 fwwwmMpyammfl 

• ti 4>« mi un a 
"tiiUTf" till J 

SHOWING!! NEW.LAUREL 
231o SAN PEDRO - 736-4551 

 r iA r u e i n m s i 
12.4o-3 oo-5:2o 
7:4o-1o.oo P M. 
NO BARGAIN MAT. 
O I PASSES 

Po# to *4 a* taOaj i.5o4.25- IOM 
WI Wa It M 2*5 I M 
5 It. 5o-1:15 I*## ja n e i 
B O Y f , 

W O O U L A W W 
1 4 l l 
IT I* ».a*a«ia*aW* i t 
I I I I H I till M I jill fell-M f-M i 

Warrmg v‘ 
SILVER 

FOXX 

GEORGINA 

SPELVIN 
I*) 
. 

A n iiiM Isnt herself todsg, ndthtf ti htr moth or_ 
MMS Morruivi 
THEY BECAME 
EAD! OTISt! 
TP P w^NPI^44 

 yr 
FREAKY 
JDMRUj 
... 
- 
*Jwjowiyunman 
' ..-VS. uwwiV 

*rw « 
HAMIC. Mm HHT! R “ l a U I I N 

/ 

•,v 

 a 
. 

 mint 
HNilORS 12 JO |!*IU{i iii 
3:35-6:45-9:5o l l * * ia ia p lm . 

“PASSIONS" 
2:o5-5:15-4:2o 

MANDINGO 

V 
JXm ilm AK W d 
%M%AH OtOBGI 

"MISTY 
7:3o-11:5o 
1AM H S I O 
T * i* ll V C a U M O U I D O O * 

W k 
Va- Tai 

I P ftiui 

Ame PaBrc a* 4*ft«: . Id 
49#*#414 

IXPOSr 9 1 5 ^ 
SUSAN 
1o3o 

“MIS1Y BEETHOVEN ' (X) 
EXPOSE M I, LOVELY” (X) 
SOMETIME SWEET SUSAN” (X) 

SMARTIt PANTS 
1:3o-4:4o-7:55 
WOOD! AWM 
I & l l 

"VIXENS” 
1:1o-4.2o-9: 
141o b fd trx iih irH Id 
73S-S113 

: u s \ 
o9:35 I 

A 
J 
. 
» 
J 

______________________ 
W e 
■ VOLUPTUOUS VIXENS " <!r 

Plus! 
“YOUNG 
PASSIONS" 

^ 
N i.ll,.... 
(X ) 

1^1 FRED. RO ADI ITOWNTWINI I TRAU I 

U N tk lM , taUS-S" 7*4o-1o:5o 
“ F I L I I ! A " f i l l 

“THROUGH THE LOOKING CLASS” <\) lh* first motion put u lt t* iiplor* supematurol s ill piu« "FELICIA** (I) 
A si* film only th* fitnch cauld m a lt i m 

P A W 7:M 
I A C B !AMU o u t o o o e t H A A it i 
934 4191 t j 7o Saanft J I # t 
“PAUL, LISA Ahu CAROLI NI** (I) 
It i* p e rv e rs io n or I* it to v # ? 
Jus! “ANTU,ONE" (X) pfusf WHI ll IHI < ATN AH AV (X) 

ANTIGONE 
9:35 
• a rs a w a t 1 
1o:5o 

LADIES AND 
GENTLEMEN. 
I LET'S TALK ANGOLA? WE'RE 
ABOUT 
NEAT-o! ALL EARS, 
ANGOLA. 
I 
DOCTOR! 

ANGOLA LEAS A TRAVESTY. 
AJB SHOULD HAVE SENT IN 
MARINES. WORLD STABILITY 
WAS DEALT A SEVERE BIDU! 
BY A CONTEMPTIBLE AND 
COWARDLY CONGRESS' s ' IT WAS A DISGRACE! 

~ ^ s T OJ HTY M R ROPER' 
HO YOU MEAN TD TELL 
WE THOUGHT YOUR 
M E YOU PlDhfT SEAL 
\ WIPE WAS 
OFF TH E ISL A N D WHEN I WITH YOO 
TRUDY DISAPPEARED-? 

M e a n w h il e , a t 
A N AIRPORT O N 
TNE MAINLAND 

THAT WAS FUN. 
DOC. I THINK 
WHAT'LL WE 
ITS GREAT YOU 
TALK ABOUT DONT BOULE UP 
NOW ? 
THESE THINGS 
\ 
INSIDE! 

Page 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— FriJay March 4 I 977 

PHANOR, VoU X 4 \<s A r e f c f l f i B iE t i p s — 
CHAZY HOW GS. 
POOR E A TIN G , 
T H E W R D N 6 t R iB N P S 

M O M M A, IT IS N O T 
A o A P L IF E / 
' r o e T o n i 

 m a y & b , 
S W T I'M T H E 
O n e w h o h a * t o 

 l i v e i t // 

A U RIGHT, FCX K S/ 
PLEASE HAVE YOUR 
IDENTIFICATION READY 
- \ 
TO SHOW IVIE INSPECTOR/ 

THEN- THERE WAS 
THAT B U SIN ESS ABOUT 
THE STOLEN P U R SE 
TD IN V EST IG A T E / 

V 

W H E R E 
ARE y O U , 
J n e w t o n ? lf 
I'LL BE O V E R i m m e d i a t e l y / 

ALL I 
YO U T R Y IN * 
GOT TO D O 
TD M A K E 
TO M A K E 
M E L O O K 
YO U LO O K 
D U M B IS 
T U R N O N 
T H E LIG HTS 

D U M B ? 

YO U ’R E S O D U M B T H A T 
IF Y O U L E F T T O W N , T H E 
A V E R A G E I.Q. W O U L D G O 
U P F IF T Y P O IN T S 

U N O 
A N O T H E R 
T H IN G 
\ 

> «r— 
. lf* - ' L 
*»»/■ 
V I 

W HAT 
H A P P E N E D ? 
V 

Y O U 
W E R E 
S A V E D 
B Y T H E 
B E L L 

OO YOU cd 
T H IN K W E'LL a) 
BE A B L E u i 
JO HAVE A 
V A C A T IO N 
THIZ YEAH, 
EB P 

N O 

T W 
HOW CAN YOO SAY 
N O ' 9 o (Q U IC K L Y P 
I PIPN'T SE E YOU 
^ 
T HINK 

I 'M AN 
I N V IS I B L E 
TH IN KER ' 

Cl 
^ 2 

HE SAID HE'S 
GOT THE NEW 
WILBUR AND 
WENDELL 
BOOK ALMOST 
FINISH ED/ u A p py T IM E S 
M 
I B 
H E R P 
A G A I N / 

TODAY I'LL EVEN 
TAKE A C A B / 
. 

7 # 
* / 
✓ 
IR 
H M M M 

W E IL 6 /VE 
HIM THIS, 
POR THE 
PRESEN T. 

P E THANKFUL 
HE WASN'T STUNO 
P Y A BULL 

MARMADUKE 

I ABSUME THAT 
THERE IS NO M R S 
CALEB DAVISTON, 
A N N E? 

">Ht PIED MVE 
YEARS NBO! 
IT WAS 
THEN THAT E5FN AND 
SUE CAME TO LIVE 
WITH HIS FATHER/ 

•A MOVE WHICH--T 
SATHER FROM HINTS 
SUE HAS DROPPED • 
HASN'T WORKED 
OUT TOO HAPPILY/ 

HOW WELL 
DO YOU 
KNOW 
BEN’S 

 f a t h e r , 
FRANCY* 
41 

SHE P iO BUY HER TICKET 
IN ADVANCE ! BL Y FOX f 
SHE PLANNED TD DISAPPEAR 
IN HERE ! 

ONE OF THE FEW TIMES I'VE 
TALKED WITH HIM WAS WHEN I 
SOLICITED HIS ’UNITED WAY" 
PIFDGE ' HE GAVE ME A LECTURE 
ON "MONEY-WASTING SO CIAL 
A G E N C IE S "- - AND A CHECK if 

I CAN'T FLASH MY BADGE-SHE MIGHT 
GET SUSPICIOUS AND WHO KNOWS WHAT 
THEY WOULD DO TD TRUE BLUE ? 

 rn 
— 
------------------------------ ^ 
LIKE I THOUGH7 - SHE'S DISAPPEARED IN 
THE DARK ? I'VE GOT TD FINT? HER WITHOUT 

DENNIS THE MENACE 

3 - 4 

© ' 97T gmi#d F»*tur* Syndic*!* Inc 

 t e w * 

S c h o o l 

$Ti/DfHT 

CO O d f 

 m 
— 
> m a A-Ca A 
/ w A Se e i, 

Y O U K m ONOIT, IN 
YO O K C O U R T R O O M , 

 d o e s J u s t i c e 
A L W A Y S T R I U M P H ? 

BOMB. T i m e * y e * , 
B O M B T i m e * NC?. 
LAST WEEK X TRIUMPHED 
O V E * J ia ^ ticb , w i n n i n g tynkd c l a t o p T H e e e f a l l *. 

Don’t try that starving expression on me! I know how well the Winslows feed you!" 

1 Every w o r d y GI RDY answer is a rhyming pair of words (like True Blue. 
Plain Jane, and Humpty Dump(y). 
Read the definition, then think of two rhyming words that will fit in the letter squares.The number after the definition tells you how many syllables in each word of the rhyming pair. 

Afraid I’m not that kind of a doctor, son." 
He won t mind!" 

TODAY'S CROSSWORD PUZZLE 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

 a c r o s s 

Wednesday Futile Solved 

BY T R IC K Y R IC K Y 

I. A specific dribs 111 

 r v 

-■ I davs dr die ated lo small onions (I) 

IF THAT A in t lo v e 
VC? L IK E TO K N O * 
W H AT IT \S> / 

Et + 

G A M O F U E A * IN 
^ K J V V IE ^ 
J 

 r 
. 

.1. I trite air- se a mammal (11 

I (lunks ami s TTT TTT 
Mike Kells of 
Richfield M N for 
*7. Semi uiui i mrs lo ihis nest spa per. nzxi ■:nr t Sloppy outlaw James (2) 
L __L ■_u 
..... 
Y "Knott" author's rvrrs das nest spa pert I?) 
EQ ti Dwarfish shrimp (2) 

I uncut state ring appliance (2) 

 f 
T 
M V 
B A f t E B ^ L L 
K G O T 
Y O O V JE.U U D O N E / 

H31XMHUS M3TXNIM I HSIJT13HS MSU l l • S I 111 VU SA11VH f ansar Assam * aivnw iivtu t aaa* *3 3 1 1 i v h iv h a t 
£ 4 woawav 
VC 

 y c: 

 v W f - i 

YEAH, I BUSTED VOSE 
DOG...SO WHAT ‘fo 

I r m 
)m n v p w i y w 

L i . A l i i ' i t - 1 h 

I Carnelian s relative 
5 Louis — 
Metis leader 
9 Separates 
I 4 In surplus 
15 Advantage 
I 6 Nearly 
I 7 Solitary 
18 Act OI 
Strength 
19 Mideast 
Arab 
2o Michigander neighbor 
22 Lest refined 
23 Plant 
24 Lose one s balance 
25 Rescind 
28 Some 
Singers 
32 Outstanding people 
Slang 
33 Kind Of peach 
34 By means of 
35 Ash recep­ tacles 
38 Start an engine 
37 Chum s 
38 Small child 
39 Separate 
4o Teams 
4 t With noisy violence 
43 Wayne and 

Shuster s torte 
44 Gaelic language 
4 5 Actress 
May Whitty 
46 4o winks 
49 Mad 
53 Mountain nymph 
54 Pageantry 
55 Report 
56 Combine 
57 Fiber source 
58 Used in the 
% mouth 
59 Removes by shaving 
6o Serve 
61 Of sound mind 

DOW N 

1 Card game 
2 English valley 
3 Tear 
4 Visionaries 
5 Second cup of coffee 
6 Good exam pie 
7 Actor 
Richard — 
6 Allow 
9 Grouping in twos 
1o Precipitous 

11 Street 
I 2 Agreement in pitch 
13 Incite 
21 Creeks 
22 Metallic noise 
24 Emit light 
25 Defeats badly 
26 Put on record 
27 Numerical prefix 
28 Cause to ring loudly 
29 Avoid fulfill­ ing 
3o Made angry 
31 Impertinent: 
Informal 
33 Witch 
36 Clutch 
37 Olive stuff­ 

 ings 
39 W ears away 
4o Approximately 
42 Household 
43 Lived out­ doors 
45 Unclean spirit 
46 Business firm Abbr 
47 Square footage 
48 Yukon or 
Guam 
Abbr 
49 Deal out 
5o Scarlett 
O ’Hara'* home 
St Impetuosity 
52 Omit 
54 Butter quantity 

-o 

§ 
X 

Bt 

“B ru c e R ic h Sa ] 
P a p tm e Famous 
High Class tarspeelable 
Va tairij Service 

...POR $ 5 o o ILL 
IN T R O D U C E YOU T O T H IS 
S T Y L IS H N O UNS 
(MAN 

THAT CREWCUT WENT 
OUT IO YEARS 
AGO • 

YEH, AND 
HE WOULDN’T 
MINO DOING IT 
AGAIN 

LA - 

G E N E R A L T E N D E N ­ 
CIES: 
A day when you are lik e ly to be so e n g ro sse d in the little details of everyday rou­ tines -that others could think you arc being petty. 
So try not to show un over-interest in the little things. 
A R IS S (M ur 
JI lo Apr. It) 
H a n d i* im p o rta n t ro u tin e * e a rly rn the day to r aest re s u lt* 
Be sure to toke tne tre a tm e n t* you need to im o ro v e yo u r n ea im 
TA U RU S (Apr JO lo May JO) 
You to n im p ro v e y o u r a p p e a r once and then please o t te r * at a m y *e m e m * of your c n o ire F in d 
♦ne rig h t may to m a ke kin nappy 

G E M IN I (M o y JI to June J I) 
A tte nd to nom e d u tie s in stea d of ru n n in g o ff on s o m e friv o lo u s ta n g e n t 
M a k e p ro p e r p re p a ra hon fo r w e ekend e n te rta in m e n t 

M O O N C H IL D R E N (June JJ lo 
Ju ly J I) 
Study your surround m g * o n g m o u e p io n * fo r im o r o v e m o n t 
B e s u re n o t to n e g le c t im p o r t a n t c o r r e s o o n dente 

L E O (J u ly J I to A u g 
J I) 
Study your true fin o n tig i s ta 'g * and know now to invest w ise ly in 
(n e f u tu r e 
P io n n e c e s s a r y re p a irs in in # n o m * 
V IR G O (A u g JI lo Soft 
JJ) 
Y o u tov# o rd o 1 a n d Ciennim ee* 

 and tm* is a good day to see ta it mot things drownd you ore a s you wont it Snow m o r t in *n m us m s rn 
L IE R A (Sept. JI lo Oct. JI) 
Doing whatever will please your mote m e m ost is wise qt this time Stop wasting valuable tim# on unimportant m ing*. 
SC O R P IO (Oct. JI to Nev. J I) 
A day to go atter your personal aim s which a rt important to you 
Attend group affair* whore you con emoy good friends 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N o v . J I to 
Doc. JI) 
Engage in civic duties ond gom added prestige Obtain the H em * that con help you in your line of endeavor. 
C A P R IC O R N (Doc 
JJ to Jan 
JO) 
You m ov wont to start a new activity without delay out it is im p e ra tiv e mat you In si study it w e ll snow m ore devotion to mole 
A Q U A R IU S (Jon 
I I Ie Peg. 
IV) 
Sitting down with the one you love and c o m in g to a dotter u n d e rs ta n d in g is w ise a t tm * tim# Stona up tor your rights 
P IS C E S (Feb J* lo Mer. J#) 
D iscuss with associates w ays to m ake yo ur fu ture o p e ra tio n s m o re s u c c e s s fu l 
A v o id on e wnose view s are afferent (rom yours 
IF Y O U R C H IL D IS B O R N 
TO DAY 
. . he or she should be give n little d utie s to p e rfo rm early in lite ana taught to com plot* them in order lo form the w ore habit. D ire c t ed u catio n along linos of research for best results 
Be su re to give good spiritual training. 
Fxpress-News Want Ads 225-1666 

S A N A N T O N IO E X P R ESS — Fridoy Morch 4 1977 

FBI can’t authenticate alleged Oswald letter 

 w a s h in g t o n p o s t se rvice 

WASHINGTON — FB I investigators have been unable to establish the authenticity of a letter purportedly written by Lee Harvey Oswald to a 
Vight-wing Dallas millionaire two weeks before the murder of President 
Kennedy, reliable sources said Thurs­ day. aft i An FBI spokesman said only that a 
•copy of the letter had been received 
■ 

 and was being investigated, 

He declined further comment. 
However, other sources familiar with the probe said FB I technicians had concluded that it is not possible to determine through laboratory tests whether the letter is genuine. 
Although the investigation is contin­ uing. the sources added, the F B I is leaning toward the idea that the letter was a forgery. 

The letter, whose existence was re­ vealed by published repots a few days ago, reportedly was sent by Oswald to the late H L. Hunt, a strong backer of ultra-conservative causes, on Nov. 8, 
1983. 

It said: 
“ I would like information concern­ ing my position. I am asking only for information. I am suggesting that we discuss the matter fully before any 

 steps are taken by me or anyone else. 
Thank you.” 
A copy of the letter reportedly was sent to Penn Jones Jr ., a retired newspaper editor in Midlothian. Tex., by an unidentified source in Mexico 
City. 
In an accompanying note, the source told Jones that he had sent a copy of the letter to FB I Director Clarence M. 
Kelley in 1974 but had never received a response. 

Reliable sources said Thursday that the FBI has searched the files of its 
Washington headquarters and has found no sign that such a letter was ever received. 

The sources added that Kelley has not seen the document. 
Because the FBI has only a Xerox copy of the document, the sources said, bureau technicians concluded that it is virtually impossible to establish 

 through tests or analysis by handwrit­ ing experts whether the letter actually was written by Oswald. 
A further problem, the sources said, is that Oswald had a simple, almost child-like handwriting that would be easy for a forger to copy. iii audition, me sources added, the 
F B I's field investigation so far has tailed to turn up any additional evi­ dence of contacts between Oswald and 
Hunt. 
Cisneros says 
ABC trying to defeat him 

A shipwrecked U .S. N avy cargo transport, the G eneral Meigs, rolls with the waves of the Pacific O cean a few miles south of Neah Bay in W ashington. The ship was being towed to Puget Sound N aval Shipyard in 
Bremerton to be placed in mothballs during the winter of I 971 when it broke aw ay and washed into the 
| rocks. — AP W irephoto 
D evelopm ent o f small carriers given boost 

WASHINGTON (A P) - The White 
House decision to build no more nu­ clear-powered aircraft carriers but develop smaller carriers instead won a decisive test Thursday in the House. 
The House voted 232 to 181 to go along with the decision by former 
President Gerald R. Ford and later by 
President Carter not to build a fifth nuclear carrier but instead begin developing the smaller ship. 
The House endorsed the decision by approving a bill authorizing Carter not to spend $81.8 million Congress had previously appropriated for the nu­ clear carrier. 
The item was in a bill authorizing 
Carter not to spend a total $884 million for a variety of military and foreign programs previously appropriated by 
Two die after auto accidents 

An elderly man and a Colorado teen-ager were killed following separ­ ate traffic accidents Thursday. 
Pronounced dead at 2:1o a.m. at 
Green Hospital was Mike Castillo, 14, of Greeley, Colo. The elderly man. 
Oscar Jones, 87. of 48o Enoch Walk. was pronounced dead on arrival at 
Santa Rosa Hospital at 3:o5 p.m. 
The elderly man died after a car driven by the victim's son. Leroy Jones of the same address crashed into a telephone pole at Josephine and Live 
Oak streets Thursday afternoon, of­ ficers reported. 
EMS technicians reported the victim may have had a heart attack before the accident, police said. A medical ex­ aminer's ruling is pending in the death. 
Bexar County sheriff's deputies re­ ported the teen-ager died when a southliound car driven by his father. 
Tony Castillo. 38, crushed into the rear of a parked produce truck. 
The accident occurred alwiut I a iii. on I S. *281 just south of the Medina 
River Bridge, deputies said. 
The ten wheel truck, occupied by 
Reyes T. Saenz, 38. of San Juan near 
McAllen, was parked to the side of the road. The automobile left no skid marks prior to the collision, reports said. 
Sheriff’s investigators said the elder 
Castillo received relatively minor in­ juries and the truck driver was not injured. 

H e can't dvpcntl on designed vc/.’ an aircraft carrier that isn't cecil 

Congress. It was approved by voice vote and sent to the Senate. 
The vole may end the era of the nu­ clear aircraft carrier because the Sen­ ate is even more likely to go along with the decision than the House was. 
Opponents, including Rep. Robert L. 
F. Sikes, D-Fla., called the decision a mistake, arguing that the smaller ships exist only on paper and there is no firm design for them even there. 
“ This is a bird in hand,” Sikes said of the nuclear carrier. “ We can't depend on an aircraft carrier that isn t even designed yet." 
Other opponents such as Rep. 
Samuel S. Stratton, D-N.Y., said the vertical short takeoff and landing air­ craft that the smaller carrier will handle also is not yet ready for Navy operations. 
Mahon 
But House Appropriations Commit­ tee Chairman George IL Mahon. I)- 
Tex., said President Carter is "mov ing away toward the smaller ships and more ships so we can cover the oceans of this earth." 

"I'm for this recission because I’m strong for defense as I ve always been," Mahon said. 
Three nuclear aircraft carriers are in various stages of construction and the USS Enterprise already is in operation. 
Adm. James L. Holloway, chief of naval operations, told a Senate sub­ committee this week that arrangement will give the Navy 12 aircraft carriers in the early 198os, which he said will continue to be central to U.S. naval strategy now planned into the 199os 

But opponents said tilt* Joint Chiefs of Staff still have a position paper calling for 18 carriers and contended the Navy should get the fifth nuclear carrier now and the smaller carriers iii the future. 
The fifth carrier had an estimated cost of $2.2 billion 
Congress had approved a total $33o million last year to start work on it. and the $288.4 million remaining after the $81.8-million cut will be trans­ ferred to the three carriers still under construction. 
Couple convicted o f killing daughter 

ATHENS. Twin. (A P) — Ronald and 
Wanda Gibson Maddux were convicted 
Thursday of murdering Mrs. Mad­ dux's 4-year-old daughter, the child the couple had })een jailed for abusing three years ago. 
The couple was sentenced to serve 99 years and one day in the state peni­ tentiary. 
The jury deliberated only 43 minutes before returning the verdict 
Mrs 
Maddux burst into tears, while her husband stared straight ahead 
The two were charged after Melisha 
Gibson's battered body was found last 
Oct. 13 on a wet mattress iii the fami­ ly's unheated living room 
Storm 
Hie case created a storm of outrage about the state's handling of abused children. The little girl was taken away from her mother and step-father when they were jailed before, but she was returned til them last May alter social workers said Melisha would be safe with Hu* couple. 
N ixon m em oirs get hardcover publisher 

By J AMES Met RORY 

Tho Alliance for a Bettor City put one of tho candidates against him in tho race. City Council­ man Henry Cisneros charged 
Thursday. 
The councilman said that Jack Pit- luk Jr., vice president of The Pitluk 
Group, confirmed that ABC had turned over to the group a list of ABC candi­ dates it wanted elected. 
Included on that list, Cisneros said, is Roberto G Rodriguez, 35, one of two opponents who filed against the conn ciliium 'n tin* District I rave on the final dav oil g W odin sd.iv. 

Cisneros said Jack Pitluk Jr. confirm ed 
AB C h ad turned over to the group a list o f A B C candidates it w anted elected 

Suspicions 

Cisneros -'did he had been alerted when he discovered th.it The Pitluk 
Group was contacting the news media when Rodriguez would file 
But the councilman s suspicions had been aroused earlier, he said. when 
Rodriguez, a discharged employe of the Mental Health/Mental Retardation 
( intel, told him he had been olfered 
$1o ooh to run against Cisneros 
Cisneros explained that Rodriguez came to him after his discharge for insubordiantion and unexplained ab­ sences to help him get re-instated, and the councilman was successful in get­ ting a hearing for him. 
Cisneros said he received reports the 
Pit blk" list of candidates ABC would be supporting in the city election included 
Rodriguez in District I; Charles W il­ liams in District 2, Bob Billa in Dis­ trict 3. Richard Teniente in District 7; 
Ford Nielsen in District 8: Jim Dement iii District 9. and John Steen, former 

 chairman of the defunct Good Govern­ ment League, predecessor of ABC, in 
District IO. 
But the councilman said he learned further that ABC had another target list That list, he said, is dedicated to the defeat of Cisneros in District I. 
Phil Pyndus in I)•-»» m * s ( Pm Hart­ man in Dis! i ii t o 
• id Max or I Ila 
( oi krt ll in the on’ t w Hic race. 
Al Rev 8iv*on c rm in of ABC. 
Thursday reported \B< hail no stable of candidates and that he hasn't seen any list 
"There s a question it arn list ex­ ists." Beckman observed "It mav. but I can t vout h tor it 
Beekman said he had talked to 
Rodriguez, and from what little he'd seen of him he was rather impressed. 
The chairman said ABC is still silt­ ing through the candidates, and will probably meet over the weekend to discuss them. 
Louis Pitluk, president of The Pitluk 
Group, said that Jack Pitluk told him 
Friday that he hadn't discussed any list with Cisneros. He said Jatk told him Cisneros called and expressed concern about Rodriguez, but that 
Jack didn t mention anything about a list. 
The Pitluk Group, the company pre­ sident said, has Councilmen Nielsen, 
Teniente, and Billa as clients, along with candidate Dement He said the 

 group had done some work for Steen in billboards. 
Rodriguez had been by the id ho while he was out of town, Louis IM, ok said he learned, and the olfn < did no­ tify the news media that Rodriguez was filing at Rodi .cm /\ request. 
\t this point md to his knowledge, 
Louis Pitluk s ml, Hie Pitluk Group is not representing Rodriguez. 
Cisneros, however, remained unap­ peased 
Asserting Rodriguez is not compe­ tent to sit on the council, Cisneros charged that Rodriguez lost his job with MH/MR on eight separate counts. 
Cisneros said he will attempt to show that ABC "has a pretty malicious agenda, trying to put forward people- regardless of qualifications." 

Accusation 

The count ilman continued 
"When I find out th* re are secret 
't iii sn oy ret being 
I r o o t 

NEW YORK (A P) - Richard Nix­ on's memoirs will b e published iii hardcover iii t h e United S t a t e s and 
Canada bv Crossett & Dunlap Inc., t h e company said Thursday, 
W illiam Sarnoff. chairman of 
Warner thinks. which hu-> the world­ wide publishing rights to Nixon's me­ moir*. made the joint announcement with Harold Ruth. president of G r o s ­ s e d ii Dunlap 
The price which Grossed & Dunlap paid Wartier B«M>ks for the hardcover publishing rights was not announced 
Publication of tin- hardcover edition of Nixon's memoirs is expected early 

 iii 1978. Roth said He said plans for the memoirs had been reviewed last week 
’in a series of meetings with Nixon at 
Ins home iii San Clemente. Calif, 
Thursday's announcement is the second agreement made iii the United 
States for Nixon's memoirs since 
Warners Books bought the rights in 
1974 
Previous!), the New York limes purchased worldwide serialization rights 
Iii addition, several major foreign publications deals have been made, including British, French, Japanese, 
Arabic, Dutch aud Spanish. 

District Atty. Gen. Richard Fisher had asked the jury to give both the 
Madduxes a life sentence in the state penitentiary. He said Maddux com­ mitted the murder but Mrs Maddux was equally guilty of aiding and abet­ ting the crime. 

Prosecutors contended that Maddux had let Melisha lie naked on a hard­ wood floor all night Oct. ll, had forced her to march through the house the following day. had beaten her and had repeatedly forced her to drink hot saute. 

A pathologist testified Melisha died of internal bleeding from a ruptured kidney. He said it would have required 
"severe fort e" to cause such an injury. 

Attorneys tor Maddux contended that M r s Maddux beat the child to death and lied to cover the crime, while Mrs. Maddux' attorneys con­ te luted that sh e feared her husband so much that she dared not help lier child 

Fisher, iii his closing arguments, said: "Ronald Maddux tortured and murdered that little girl. And the little things a dutiful wife does fur her man while in the course of his evil conduct make her equally guilty of second de­ gree murder" 

Fisher said Mrs. Maddux made love to her husband while her child lay naked on a hardwood floor, cooked supper as he beat the child and rubbed alcohol on Ins shoulder after he had beaten Melisha for a full day. 

"She did all she could do in ibis tor­ turous period of Melisha s life,” said 
Mrs Maddux* defense attorney, Don 
Reid. "She may be guilty of l>etng a poor mother, but that docs not make her guilty of being a murderess 

Maddux' attorney, Leroy Phillips, charged that Mrs, Maddux Iud lied const a fitly throughout the trial. 

Expert on gumbo 

W hen people up and down the Texas G ulf Coast debate whose seafood gumbo is the best, 
E lb o w " Hanna has his backers. Elbow s gumbo eliminates the middleman* — he not only cooks the gumbo, lie catches all the seafood that goes into it. Elbow and Venita Hanna run a shrimp and fishing boat and a restaurant at 

Sargent Beach, on the G ulf southeast of Bay City. In Saturday s Express News, 

G e o r g e and Bonnie Carmack tell about the Hannas — and their dancing dog. — 
Photo by Bonnie Carmack. 

Anti-W arnke campaign 
Hoods Senate offices 

 w a r m i n g J O N P O S ! i t X V K . I 

WASHINGTON — A massive con-- serval ive mail and telephone cam­ paign against the nomination of Paul 
(*. Warlike to head the I S. arms control team Hooded Senate off lees as the Senate decided Thursday to vole on 
Waruke Wednesday 
Republicans opposing Warnkes no­ mination to head the Arms Control and 
Disarmament Agency and lead the 
I S learn in strategic arms negotia­ tions vv uh the Sos lets abandoned their threat ol a filibuster in return for a 

 and debate that will begin Thursday run until the vote lute Wednesday. 
The decision, worked out by the 
S«‘date leadership, apiw ared to insure 
Warnke s confirmation to both |M»sts, hut conservative spokesmen said their opposition to Warlike should signal 
President t ailer that there is wide* spread public concern aiwan the ad­ ministration's national security po­ licies 
Warlike supporters in the Senate aud the administration believe there are 
Still fewer than JU Statute votes against him 

 target l i s ts and sci r funneled through organizations bk*- tin IV V ., peopu and when I found oat tiler*' ti- people in this town w h o w a : t 
I. ovm badly enough they want to , e tins in­ competence forward tor t h e ii -t u n, portant policy making p o s i t io n s in Hie city, then I have to begin questioning their intentions." 
Dement, one of the founders of ABC who resigned from the organizationV board after deciding to run for office,- said campaign aide .bindle McArthur had been informed by an ABC repre­ sentative that ABC was endorsing him and Steen. 
He said, however, since he became a candidate, he hasn’t attended any ABC meetings and isn’t privy to what the organization is doing. 
L o u is Pitluk s a i d The Pitluk Group is not representing ABC a s such. 
Swipe 
On another front. Dement took a swipe at opponent Hartman. He said that the council had sat for 23 months without offering any utility rate relief, hut Hartman Thursday "all of a sud­ den made a lug plea" for relief of the rate-payer by cutting utility costs with part of the money CPS pays the city in lieu of taxes. 
" It ’s absolutely nothing hut a politi­ cal move,” Dement complained, 
"since he sat there for 23 months and didn’t worry about the rate-payer. He didn’t do anything until election time. 
Hartman, meanwhile, has called a press conference for 9 a. rn. Friday in the Gunter Hotel's Texas Room. 
On yet another front, David C. Brown 
Jr.. candidate for the council from 
District 8, will open his campaign headquarters in the Colonies Mall, 37oo 
Colony Dr., with an open house starl­ ing at 7 p. rn. Friday. He’ll serve free coffee at the headquarters from IO a. in. to 12 noon Saturday. 
Liddy bid receiving attention 

WASHINGTON (A P) - The Carte administration is showing aetivi interest in efforts by Watergate burg buy mastermind G. Gordon Kiddy t be released from prison. 
It is giving Kiddy attention he neve received from the White House of (it raid It. Ford 
Presidential 
I ounsvl 
Huber 
Lipshutz met on Feb. II with Liddy' wife and promised It* "take a person« interest in the ease.” according to on participant. 
Lipshut/ sa id his meeting with Mrs 
Liddy "didn t indicate any prcjmh lucid, one way or the other.” But Ii added, “ there has obviously bee much more interest in this matter ilia most any other that we are aware of.' 
Liddy, who is seeking a presidents commutation of his long prison sci fence, has been in prison for i mouths, serving a term of 8 years. months to 2o years — a senteiu stretched In another IN months for Ii refusal to testify before a W aterga grand jury Ile is not eligible for parti until May I9KL 
Any recommendation for commui lion of sentence would (lave to tie si­ tu President Carter by Atty Ge 
Griffin Bell who, i i i turn. would get from the Justice Department's pard attorney 

W a n t 
A d s 
CALL 
225-1666 

1o6 PERSONALS 
11o-SPECIAL NOTICES 

HOURS 

8 A«M« to 
5 :3 o P.M . 

M O N D A Y thru F R ID A Y 

FO H Late Ntte Specials (loom to 
4 am ) C a ll M it t E X O T I C . that sh o aly, su p e r. " G in a ” . P A R IS 
R U B B . 492-2994. 
____________ 
F O X Y L A D Y E s c o r t S e r v ic e 
724-8253. 732-3I i i T o ky o H ouse 
4218 Blanco 
L E T N A N C Y H E L P Y O U T H R U 
T H E N IT E , loom to 4om. P A R IS 
R U B B 492-2994. 
______________ 
Roomote Wanted, coll *9o-o195 
M atu re sinqle w om an to sh o re lo v e ly 
3 b e d ro o m , 
2 b o th , brickhom e with den. Hom e locat­ ed NS in Shenandoah, bv U SA A - 
U TSA. 
_________________ 
Though Robert Redford you are not. For you I am still hot to trot 
R e m e m b e r, L o v e , w h ile I'm away, I'M pine tor you through out eoch d ay...IK E B A N A .____________ 
Would like to contact all w riters w ho hove re c e ive d a n a n sw e r from Country Creation. Nashville 
Tenn. on their poems. Please call 
Lance 344-3471 656-4528 

B L O O D 

7 D O 
N A T I O 
N S ? 
BLOOD - PLASMA 
SE R V IC E S OF 
S A N A N T O N IO 
N O W 
O P E N 
A C R O S S F R O M 
M U N IC IP A L A U D IT O R IU M 
AT 
1 1 2 A U D IT O R IU M C IR . 
MwL-Fri. 8:oo Uk-4-.OO FJA 
C L O SE D SAT. A SU N . 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

 c 
REAL ESTATE r n 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 

I 

Hmm we 
? 
Homos 
Nortewpsf jj| m «t4ri rn — m ft 
I VU J MHP w 
2X7 
| 
31o 

Ie* 

 t o * — 
1 o 7 — B u sin e ss P « r* c n a l* 

I O O — .Loot a n d F o u n d 
1 1 o — 
S p a c ia l N o tiro s 
1 1 2 — 
P ro fe ss io n a l N o tic e s 
I I 4 — 
En t r e a t n> m o o t 
1 1 S — lo d g e N o tic e s 
I 2 o — 
B id * A P ro p o s a ls 
1 2 2 — 
O fficia l P u b lica tio n s 
1 2 d — 
L e g a l N o tic e s 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

A N E W M A S S A G E L O C A T IO N outside city, open 7 days 'til 2am 
Prof. m asseuses. 1223o IH35 N betwwen O Conner a, Judson B d s 
C A L L B R E E M iss 36 22 35, tor the 
M a ss a g e of Y o u r Lite ! p a r i s 
R U B B , Open 
1o:3oam to 4pm 
442 2994 

IM P O R T A N T N O T IC E 
I arn in- terested in contacting A uthorued 
D e a le rs with side kick ' H om e 
Core Produ cts”. Coll O. B. Vann, 
Sr., 225-8827. 

C A L L C E E C E E A N O T H A T 
A IN 'T SC O T C H ! 492 2994 

■ I A I IS T A T I 

2 o 1 — 
R e a l Estate N o tic e s 
2 o 2 — 
O p e n H o u se s 
2 o 1 ' f ro p s rt y O u t o f 
T o w n 
2 o 6 — 
C o n d o m in iu m s— 
T o w n h o u se s 
2 o 8 — 
A p a rtm e n ts , 
D u p lt x # ! 
2 1 o 
H o u s e s - N o t th e n s* 
21 2 — 
H o u s e *— 
N o rth w e st 
21 A — 
H o u s e s — 
S o u tH a a *t 
2 1 6 — 
H o u s e *— 
S o u th w e st 
21 8 — 
H o u se * M o v e d a n d 
W ra c k e d 
2 2 o — 
H o u s e s fo r T rad e 
2 2 2 — 
M is c e lla n e o u s R e e l 
Estate 
2 2 4 — 
H o u se s. S a le o r 
R e n t 
2 2 6 — 
S u b u rb a n 
P ro p e rty — 
A c r e a g e 
2 2 8 — 
B e so rt P ro p e rtie s 
2 3 o — lo t s 
2 3 2 — 
F o rm s a n d R a n c h e s 
2 3 4 — 
F a rm s a n d R sm ches fo r R e n t 
2 3 6 — 
C o m m ercial 
P r o p e r t y — S o le 
2 3 8 — C o m m e rcia l 
P ro p e rty (L e a se ) 
2 4 o — 
Com m e rcial 
Pr o p e rty (W a n te d ) 
2 4 2 — 
In d u stria l P ro p e rty fo r S o l# 
2 4 4 — in d u stria l P ro p e rty 

2 4 6 — 
In d u stria l P ro p e rty 
W a n te d 
2 4 8 — O ffice Sp a ce fo r lo o s e 
2 5 o — O ffice Space 

2 S 2 — 
R e a l Estate Se ll o r 
E xch an g e 
2 S 4 — t e a l i s tote W a n te d 
2 5 6 — 
R e a l Estate lo a n s N o te s 
2 S 8 — R e e l Estate lo a n s 
BAA 
■*. I tv OfTTPfl 
| 
' 
RENTALS 

O A T E S G A L O R E ! M eet L o c a l sin g le s C o ll D a te lin e toll free 
I (8oo) 451 3345____________________ 
’ Oo you w ont to lose w eight the n u t rit io n a l w a y ’ D o it w ith 
S H A K L E E Products Call J 7pm 
349 8711 or 341 8796______________ 
E n la rg e Y o u r C irc le of S in g le 
Frie n d s Join: S U B U R B A N S IN 
G L E D A T IN G S E R V IC E W rite 
8451 Michelle W ay Son Antonio, 
Tx 78739 
_______ 

17 J E T S E T T E R S , M a s s a g e at 
P A R IS R U B B , 497-7994. ________ 

E V E R H ave a Switch M a ss a g e ’ 
Coll Carm en for Details. 497 7994 
FO R H E L P with an unwed areg nancy, coil Ed na Glodnev Home, 
Ft. Worth, T X I 8oo 797 1 1o4 

Jiffy P re ss Instant Printing 
A full service print shop near you 
16o6 M cCullough 6711 San Ped ro 
17o1 SW M ilitary D r 
47o9 Fred ericksb urg Rd 
77* E. Rhapsody ot Son Pedro 
M A S S A G E S A N D F A C IA L S 
_____________ 736 o411_____________ 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
P rice ,Sh o p , C o m p a re Still fe a ­ tu rin g 1977 M a s s a g e s a l 1973 
P ric e s1 Com e meet our Beautiful 
New 1 M e c h a n ic s ". So m e th in g new com ing soon!! 
T H E B O O Y S H O P P E , 49? 7oo1. 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
All occasions. 
W edding debuts 
53? 9563 

FREE 
WATER BEOS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 
Given bv the Foxiest G irls in Son 
Antonio Best oloce to Relax and 
Unwind 
“Feel Better F a st” . Out side City Lim its. Open IO 3o lo 
3am B ig D isc o u n ts' North Side 
P A R IS R U B S . 49? 7994_______ 

Ski New Mexico Colorado 
Chorter your own flight SITS per person round trip (p arty of 6). 
For details, coll (S U ) 866 3471 

S P R IN G A N O S U M M E R good tim es are here. Tennis, fishing, boating, sw im m in g at your own private pork Fo r $7oo down ond 
53$ 45o monthly, you get all this plus your ow n' jocre and larger tract of land. 35 m in fro m all m alls 494 3448 or 494 1774 Ask for 
Betty. W eekends 497-3753, A sk for 
Norm an. 

N O T IC E IS H E R E B Y G IV E N IN 
A C C O R D A N C E W IT H S e c tio n 
54 HOC of the T exas W afer Code, 
I that the B o a rd of D ire c to rs of 
E n c m o P a r k M u n ic ip a l U t il i­ ty District No I, of B e xa r County 
Texas has established a meeting place in the conference room in 
; the offices of V ic k r e v ond A s ­ sociates. Inc, Suite 1o9, 7334 Blan 
I co Rd. San Antonio, T e xa s ond i such meeting place is outside the 
I d istrict H . D a w so n W akefield , 
Jr., Pre sid e n t, B o o rd of D ire c ­ tors, E n c in o P o rk . M U D N o I, 
J t o r r t ir C o u n t y j T e x a s ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

Express-News— Friday, March 4, 1977 
F irst P a g e | 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

G. 
SPECIAL 

3 o 2 — M o b il* Homos for 
Root 
♦ O I 
Aj»m t enants f urn. 
4 o 7 — H o u se k e e p in g A p t. 
Fum. 
4 o 4 — Apartm ents, ( M u m . 
4 o 6 — Houeos, Duplex**— 
Form shod 
4 o 8 — Houses, D uplexes— 
Unfurnished 
4 1 o — House*. Rent or Soil 
4 1 2 — Room*, Furnished 
4 1 4 — Rooms, Unfurnished 
4 1 6 — Rooms with Boord 
4 1 8 — Wan* to Rant or 

Most M a ssa g e s '; Price! foam to tom. The Late Nile Place to be this w eek' 
P A R IS R U B B . 
49? 7994__________________________ 
M A S S E U S E W A N T E D 57oo - S3oo 
W eekly E x p e rie n c e not n e c e s­ sary. 732-3361. 4218 Blanco Tokyo 
House 
_______ 
M atchm aker Inc. 
Singles *8 8o yrs, introducions 
_________344 H ts, 344 1125________ 
Meet me noon to 6pm, Betty M eet me from 6pm to 2om, E d ie tor d rin k s and d a n cin g At the R e ­ sort, 6643 Randolph Blvd. between 
O Conner & Judson R d s_________ 
P O E M S needed to be set to m usic 
We offer S1o.ooo cosh a w ard s ♦ royalties and pub lishin g. F o r a free evaluation send your poem s to Country Creations. Box 2o57, 
Nashville, Tennesee 37214 

Too cash paid for your old new soap ers and corrugated. 815 Ce- rolvo A P C O P A P E R ST O C K 
, 
U D R IV E O U R C A R S 
' 
A N Y C IT Y -S H A R E G A S 
N A T , INC 
I 
111M 

118 LODGE NOTICES 

A L A M O H E IG H T S C H A P T E R No 
734, O E S 519 Alom efos R eg 
M e e tin g F ri 8 P M M r s M a r ­ guerite P arrish , W M ; D o ris E 
Norton, Sec. 826-oo76 

12o-BIDSA PROPOSALS 

S P R IN G S P E C IA L ' i Price MOS sage Fre e Sauna and W hirlpool 
732-3361 Tokyo House 4718 Blan co 
S U N D A Y S P E C IA L ! Holt P ric e 
M a ssa g e from 12-6. Fre e Sauna. 
73? 3361 4718 Blanco Rd 
T R Y O ur Sunday H O S P E C IA L 
M A S S A G E ! Coll Is l for appoint men!, we w ill be b u sy H a m to l?pm P A R IS R U B B . 492-2994 

1o8 -LOST AND FOUND 

L O S T . b lo c k m a sk e d , a p ric o t m o le A f g h a n , S c h e r t i a re a 
R ew ard 494 5383 
L O S T : B r it t a n y S p a n ie l, tem 
White ond orange E Central rea 
Ans to Queen 648 1467 Rew ord 
Lost: brown- white Pit Bull T e r­ rier Vicinity Valiev Hi shopping center R ew ard ! 674 773o 

• U SIH ! SS 
O P ’ O R T U N IT IIS 

S O I — 
B u sin g st 
O p p o rtu n itie s 
3 o 2 — Business O p p or­ tunities W onted 
S o 4 — M oney tv le n d 
5 o 6 — Financial— Invest - 

SOR— O il Proportion* 
S IO — M oney W anted 
S 12— Instructions 
31 4 — Instructions W onted 

IM P iO V M IN T i i 

6o1 — Professional 
6 o 2 — Sole* 
o o 4 — Technical 
6 o 5 — Resumes 
6 o 6 — Administrative — 
Financial 
6 o 8 — Socrotoriol 
o 1 o — Office A Clerical 
6 ) 2 — M edical 
6 1 4 — K ite -T ra d e s 
6 1 6 — Food-Drink Services 
A I B - Port Tim* 
6 2 o — Holp W onted 
M iscellaneous 
6 2 2 — Domestic 
6 74— Situation* W anted 

 if _ r 
4 U T O M O T IV I 

7o1 — Antigua t-CoWectocs 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 — Sports, F o re ig n 

7 3 o - 7 4 3 - C a r s — For Sole 

7 4 4 — Custom ised Cars— 
Speed-Rocmg (gulp 
7 4 6 — Trucks 8 Com m ercial 
Traders— Ruses 
7 4 8 — M otorcycles— 
Scooters 
7SO— Wonted* Autos. 
Trucks, Traders, 
M otorcycle* 
7 52— Gen-jral Auto 

LO ST in Northw ood area Sm all long haired m ale dog Ton brow n w ith b la c k on e a r s a n d tall 
Nam ed 
“C u rle y ". 
R L w a r d 1 
87? 179Q__________________________ 
LO ST 7-27-77 in Oak P ark-Su m e t 
Rd area G ra y while temote Aios kan M o lam u te (H u sk ie ) Chained c o lla r 
A n s w e r s to " C h i l i " or 
ChilitO call 826 7437___________ 
L O S T in S A C a r e a 
G e r m a n short-haired puppy w earing blue nylon collar R E W A R D ! 43S-687o 
Otter 5pm 
L O ST : Ligh t m ole S a m o v c d on 
W o re A v e 
T a g N o O t is 
SSO 
Rew ord No questions 977.51*4 
LOST: Long H aired Siam ese Cat 
Adult Fem ale. E l O o rad o A rea, 
Liberal R ew ord 874 8657 
LOST m o i* Irish Setter, tagged, 
8o lbs. 3 y rs ald. IH IO and HiiOe brand Jim 73? 7o87 414 o371 
Lust m ixed B assett B ro w n with white m o rk , red co lla r, n o m e 
'Critter” Vicinity of Old F o rm 2 
Reword 657 1916_______________ _ 
Lost N avy ID tag. Keys. Robert 
Weniel. 84? 82 o5. 696 7o67_______ 
L O S T S I A M E S E C A T , e ld e rly . one eyed 492 235/_______________ 
L O S T : s m a ll b ro w n fe m a le 
C h ih u a h u a , 
B e i o ir s o r c a 
Reward 
828-3363. after 
$, 
977 oo43 
L o st s m a ll b la c k a n d w h ite 
T errier type dog. U va ld e tags. 
P L E A S E 822 1922_______________ 

LO ST sm all Peek a Poo. blonde with black eors I 1} y rs Vicinity 
Pork Village 3 oopm Feb 27, ON 
M E D IC A T IO N S R E W A R D 51oo 
657 1o45 
; LO ST 
W onderland A re a B lac k 
Wallet No M oney Cob M r Alien 
725 7411 ext 4oo 
M I S S I N G s in c e 
2 2S 77, 
I m e d iu m stie d re d d ish b ro w n . 1 
; long haired male dog Collar and logs Sunset Ridge Apt aren oh 
N 
N ew B ra u n fe ls R E W A R D 
474 *o4? 874 6767______________ 
P le a se help u s fin d o u r la st 7 m onth old fe m ale D o b e rm a n 
A n sw e rs to Sad ie 
M ig h t have sere on nose 
B lo c k and ru st fom ily loves her 
$3oo rew ard 
656-7241 

S5o REWARD 
For into leoding ta the return of 
Beautiful large block ond it tan 
G e rm a n S h e p h e rd H u s k y 
Ap- pros 
J y rs B ock paw h as one extra long toenail Lost Trinity 
U n iv e rsity Area. Sun F o b 2o 
Cull 736 4418 or 923 4541 

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE 
' 
CITY OF SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 
INVITATION FOR BIDS 

The Housing Authority of the City of 
Son Antonio. Texas will receive bids tor Electric Chack Meters of Protects 
TEX 6 I and 1A. 6 3,6 4, 6 5, 6 8,6 
9, 6-11, 6 12, 6 13, 6 Ii. 
6 IS, A 16, 
6 ?oA, 6-24, 6 75, ond 
6 35 until 
2 3o P M , loco) Time on the 29th doy of Mocch, 1977 of the office of 
Noonan 
8 
Frock cr 
8 Rogers, 
Architects ond Engineers, 2oo2 North 
St Morys Street, P o Box 12348, 
Son Antonio, Texas, of which time ond place all bids will be publicly opened and read aloud 

Proposed forms of contract documents, including pkms ond specifications, ore on file ot the office of Noonan A ((rocker 8 Rogers, 
Architects ond Engineers, 7oo2 North 
St Mory s Street, P o Box 12348, 
Son Antonio, Texas 78284 

Copies of the documents moy be ob tamed by depositing SSO OO with the 
Architects for each set of documents so obtomed Deposit checks or Money 
Orders shall be payable to the Nous mg Authority of the City of Son An tomo Texas Such deposits will be refunded to each person who returns th* plans, specifications ond other documents in good condition within 
IO days after bid opening 

A certified check or bank draft, payable to the Housing Authority of the City of Son Antonio, Texas. U S 
Government Bonds, or specified bid bond executed by th* Bidder ond ac ctptoble sureties in on amount eauol to five percent (S% ) of th* bid snail be submitted with eoch bid 

Looking for a new home? 

T O D A Y S YO U R LUCKY DAY ... 

H igh Country Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

541,15o to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches of Judson 
M e a d o w W o o d N orth 
4 9 4 -6 1 63 

$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones Moltsbgr of Thous. O aks 
The G re a t N o rth w e st 
6 8 4 -1 1 23 

,5oo to $55,1oo 
FM 471 of Culebra 

• VA, 
PHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double Garages • North East or Northside 
Schools 
QU 
Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

VA SAUS LISTINGS 
Equal Housing Opportunity 
19951 
8615 Creek Bend 
SIS OOO 
A l 
R SSO 
3-1-1 
Statement required, operability of window air conditioners unknown 
2o246 
62o3 Slate Valley SI 6,975 
A-1 
R 85o 
3 1 o 
Statement required, ownership and operability of window air conditioner and range and oven unknown 
21o6o 
9418 Millbrook 
S31.975 
A1 
R 85o 
4-2-7 
Statement required, ownership and operability of range unknown 
2o7o47 
75o7 Cozy Volley $18,275 
A l 
R 85o 
3-M CP 
Statement required, ownership ond operability of range ond oven unknown 
29o167 
59o4 Fairmeade 517,975 
A l 
R-85o 
2-2 ICP 
3o9667 8522 Stondmg Rock 518,775 
A l 
R 85o 
3-1 -ICP 
Statement required, ownership ond operability of window air conditioner and range unknown 
367317 
68o7 Golden Gate S32.5oo 
A l 
R 85o 
3 2-2 
Statement required, ownership and operability of refrigerator ond range and oven unknown 

Sublet to change in price, prior sole or withdrawal of ony time without notice Offers to purchase will not be accepted where the broker has foiled to submit to VA o signed copy of VA Form 26-8138 
Joint HUO VA non-discrimination certification The best qualified offer will be accepted from those received within 5 work days of the public appearance of the in­ itial or revised listing Sales com­ mission on SY* of soles, payable on closing 

OFFERS ACCEPTED 
373o97 Fox 
OFFERS REJECTED 
343171/McVey 343677/Gilbert 
319876/Epstem 
CODED FOR DRONERS ONLY 

SELECT YOUR AREA AND PRICE RANGE 
Htre are Several Northeast Properties of the Many 
Available to Show you. 

B R O O K W O O D 
- 
Pr­ estigious 3 bedroom, 2 both home with formal living and dining rooms, lovely den with fireplace, large cover­ ed patio. 

W O O O L A K f - 6 7 1 5 S h ­ a d y 
L a k e 
Dr. 
A n ex­ ceptionally beautiful 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath home loaded with extras. 
Fully carpeted, covered patio, privacy fence and pro­ fessionally landscaped. 
Open terms. 

C A M E L O T ll 
• 
Buy this better than new 3 bedroom, 
2 bath home for less than 
VA appraised value. 2 liv­ ing areas plus breakfast area. Lots or carpet. Open terms. 

C A M E L O T ll - Fit for a king with a large family! 4 bedrooms, 
2 baths. 
$33,675, 

C A M E L O T ll • Charming 3 bedroom, 2 both home with family, kitchen and oil ap­ pliances. Open Terms. 

THE O LEN - Delightful 3 bedroom, 
2'/i bath townbome. 
Priced to sell- 
$26,ooo 

EA ST 
TERRELL 
H ILLS 
- 
Comfortable 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fireplace. 
Priced in the low 2 o 's. 

K IR B Y 
• 
2 5 1 3 S«ot>- m o n . The one you have been waiting for! 
3 bedrooms, 
I '/j bath, separate living ond dining rooms. $23,5uo. 

FOR DETAILS A N D V IE W IN G 
CALL 653-o57o ANYTIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

2tG -HOUSES NORTHEAST 

CAMELOT ll 

JUST LISTED* lovely 4 bedroom, 2 both on large corner lot. 
Cathedral ceilings in family room ond brookiest oreo 
Fireplace. 
Priced right Coil to see soon. 
541,ooo Niles 655-2394 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 341-9191 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

(REGENCY) 

New on market. S bedrooms or 4 pi s study 3 baths, single living area, 4ox2o heated pool, outo sprinkler, mony other extras. Call frank lotondi 341-9191, Niles 

344 1932 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

24! 919! 69! •!21 656 5525 

8326 GLEN ECHO 

4 Bedroom home in Camelot 
$34,9oo. Immoculote condition 7 both, 2 garage, privacy tented, covered patio Assume VA loan with payments at $263 per mon­ th 653 435o 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RIALTO*— PAIS 
William Rd- Oft. 

RRST OFFERING 
Preferred schools + community pool + Medical Center area — a cinch to please for this 3 bedroom home in the upper 3o s. 
Kingsize • Peer pot*: Must se* 
1982 sq ft to appreciate ap- raise! in Glen Oaks of 539,ooo 
699-1ooo 
\Deamie Owens 
1 
CO. • REALTOR 
Turtle Cr— k Oft. d 

2o4-PROPERTY DHT OF TOWN 

IN B O E R N E , old er 2 b e d ro o m home. about I acre, lots of oaks o n d fru it trees. H a s ow n welt. 
$12,5oo Firm . 1-75$ 4434 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

A T T E N T IO N ' G O V T O W N E D 
H O M E S are all over town, down p a y m e n ts , $2o a n d u p . C a ll 
G R E A T E R 
V A L U E 
R E A L T Y , 
651*143 

B A B C O C K N O R T H , 1584 sa ti llvlna oreo, J bedroom , 2' i bath, i convenient to M edical Center and I 
L o c k la n d K e lly No q u a lify in g 
Assum e and m ove In. H u rry 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331_______________R E A L T O R S 
C O L O N IE S V IL L A G E C ondom in­ ium, 2 bedroom s, 2 lull baths, ap- j pliances, sh ag carpet. Equity and | assum e *197 mo. or refinance 
>74 4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
C O N D O M IN IU M F O R S A L E 
Owner is desperate, wants S2.5oo equity for 3 bedroom , 2 both con­ d o m in iu m In T u rtle C re e k. A S- un,m rn xinn-rur m r su m * balance cl $33,ooo ($1o,ooo 21o * HOUSES NORTHEAST equity sacrificed for $2,5oo) 
341-8134 
A B D O 
347 o933 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

* U N IT 
A P A R T M E N T p lu s v a co n t tot 2-story, exce p tion al condition, IOO** occupied, se p a r­ ate meters 
74 C om p lexes a vaila b le thruout 
San Antonio from 5 thru 23? units, motels also availab ile 
Call for details 
Tower View Inc. 732-6157 

*3 u n i t s E x c e l l e n t in c o m e 
O N L Y $25,ooo E Q U IT Y 

LUCY STAGGS, 822-1383 
N O R T H T O W N R E A L T Y 
I * Units, excellent tax shelter ond cash flow. 824-o3o1 eves 

A R E A W IN D S O R P A R K M A L L , 
Beautiful 4 bedroom . O nly $3oo down, H U R R Y ! 922-17o6, 673-4714, 
674 75o9 
PAT M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

A TREE HOUSE? 
Not really, but a ch a rm in g two s t o r y h o m e on a b e a u t ifu lly w ooded (a lm o st on a cre ) lot in 
O ok H aven. P riv a te c e d a r b a l­ cony across front Rem arkable • 
1 yet in the 5o s 
Call tor private showing. 

828-6391 A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Cn 
Reoltors N E Loop ole______ 
B A R G A IN H U N T IN G ? S ^ S Is all it takes to get into this 3 bedroom hom e w ith air, a p p lia n c e s ond 
; carpet D o n ’t pass it up! 69o-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 

B y Owner- N E 3-2. Liingroom . d t % with fireplace. L a rg e gam e ro o n t with pool table. N ew c a r p e t in g " 
W alk to school. Convenient to F P 
S a m on d R a n d o lp h . A v a ila b l e 
June I $39,4oo equity and assum e* 
655 8857 
B v o w n e r, no a g e n ts, 3 -2 -i i L 
Cam elot, w alk to 3 sch o o ls and 
W indsor P ark M all, corner lot. _ c o v e re d p a tio s, a b o v e g r o u n d pool, lorge fenced garden, w a te r softener, m any other extras. M ust* see to appreciate! Show n by apo Is only. Call 6S5-27oS. 
■ 
B y o * m " nonchlaitd Hills. 3-2-2? central air, heat, L g open living a re a w ith c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g s , covered patio, fenced yard. 
653 8743___________________________ 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rra ls to other ho m e Y ' 
"F o r Sale B v O w n e r" 342-9393. 
Son Antonio H om eow ners A sso c * 
B y O w n e r- 2 s to r y 3- I ’ j -4, 'irP 
Camelot ll. Liv in g room with fire” place, den with wet bar. All c le e * 

Young responsible investor wants to buy 2-35 older units from retir­ ing owner. Patrick 342-3673. 

 bedroom s) 2 baths, som e with air | m ^V lnV s °L^aroe ru p !* anda.! appliances First paym ent C a th e d ra l clings. L a r r u p . 

B O B D e P A O L O w,,h p riv a c y fence A ssu m p tio n s 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R w '*h euuttv o refinance. 654-o226 
V a le n c ia 4-J-f 

Attention' Before you buy or sell rinp Bell. We buy equities Cosh 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 222 9495 
A V A IL A B L E $25o,ooo. Quick cash 
♦or houses or equities We pay clo sin g too! F o st S e rv ic e ! A n y area, condition or size. A sk for 
Adolph 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433-329$ or 828 4817 rates 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
* WHISPERING OAKS * COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 
• Elegant end luxuries* 
• Botling hill* and oak tree* 
• in North Beet or Northed* 
School District 
• her re allan weft* 
• How ** $5o,o4o la 112o OOO 
Patio. Garden end Estate Home*. Or select tile, cutlet* i>u<td, chao*# bv W H ISP ER IN G terror decor. 
O A KS 

497-1o88 g 494-5249 • 492 2272 

C U T E A C O Z Y tow n hom e with ce n tra l H A stOO d o w n , $139 monthly. 
922-17o6, 
673-4714, 
674-75o9. 
922 17o6, 673-4714, 674-75o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN 
Con you im agine the G reenrid ge m o d e l of the 
W o o d b r id g e 
Tow nhom es for only $55,ooo With lovely drapes included Well, It s true! C oll obout the m a n y fe a ­ tu re s of this sp a c io u s like new dram atic hom e Niles ASS 2437. 
828*8241 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROPP 

 xxi isnt l F O R S A L E B Y O W N E R 
C on- dom iniu m C olonies N orth oreo 
B u y R e a l E sta te , fo re c lo s u r e s 
2 2. A ll clee. kitc h e n . W a sh e r- cheap S u b sc rib e F o re c lo s u re s dryer connections Covered patio 
Report. 223 699o 
Lots of storage 342-8318 ofter 6: 
G R A C IO U S L IV IN G is easy in a p re stigio u s C ond om inium , close to A lam o H e ig h ts! 3 b ed room s, fireplace, polio and double garage! 
$41,25o 
R E A L T O R S 
6S3-7341 

BEFORE YOO SEU 
Let us m ake a C A S H otter tor your hom e or equity Call n o w 1 
The 
Hom e 
M ort 

C A SH for H O M E S 
We B uy H O M E S ond E Q U IT IE S 
Honest, Efficient, and F a st S e r­ vice We pay all C lo sin g Costs. 
Call Tony or Bernice. 341-A13A. 
S P E C IA , R E A L T O R S 

M 
M 

$1 M O V ! IN V A 
CONVENTIONAL 5 % DOWN 
No Payment TiH April 77 
We he** several 3 bedroom plans. 
$ 2 8 ,o O O -$ 3 4 ,9 5 O 
AU HoME5 FEATURE: sr" 1oo% Brick Construction 
✓ 
Hondo offed • Wood- burning Fireplace t^ Energy 

 ut* Saving Package 
Car­ pet i/'' Central heat air it" 
Deluxe Mogic Chef all Electric 
Kitchen ✓ 2 Car Garage 
5 FURNISHED MODELS 
O W N 9 -9 
W O O D ST O N E 
» 
‘ C A L I 
JOHN GILLIAM 
6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 

BEAUTIFULLY CLEAN 
: 2 story, lust North of Ft. Sam 21oo sa it. living area with fireplace, central air ond heat. 3 bedroom s, 
| I ' j baths, form al dining ond de- 
I tached g a r a g e w ith e fficie n c y 
! apartm ent. $35,ooo, bv ap p oin t­ ment only 

San Antonio Real Estate 

3231 West Ave 
349-6531 

B E A U T IF U L 4-2-1, N E 
School i district, O nly $245 month. 675-1*91 
*23 572o, 674 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

B y ow ner. V a le n c ia 4-2-2. 15oo sq.ft. carpeted, fireplace. 539,3oo* 
56,ooo Eauity, Available June ist^e 
653-4945. 

BY OWNER-WINDCREST ; 
Being transferred, m ust sell, la s r chonce to save realtors com m is-’1 
; sio n 4 b e d ro o m , la r g e fa m ily * room with cathedral ceiling, fire-* p la c e , r e a r p a tio v ie w s H ilt 
C o u n try 
59o7 W in d in g R i d g e * 
581.9oo N o agents, B y a p p o in te i merit 653-7271. 
„ 

B Y O W N E R , 3 y rs old, 71*%VA,> 
3-2-2, ^ m a so n ry , flreoace. I liv-» m g area, p rivacy fence, w alk-up attic. 537,ooo, 656-2o98 a 

B IG H O M E - S m a ll P ric e . 3 be I 
CAMDEN BARGAINS droom s, I baths, carpet, builtin* 
A T 616: older 4 bedroom , livin g* 
$4,85o equity, 52o9 mo Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 prn 

S CASHS 
FO R Y O U R H O M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G C O ST S 
974 4331 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 

12o • BIDS t PROPOSALS 
12o • BIOS A PROPOSALS 

The successful bidder anti be required to furnish and poy for satisfactory 
B 
* mom* one poyment bond or 

• 

Attention it coded to the provisions for equol employment opportunity, cmd payment is not loss than th* 

 minimum salories ond wages os set forth in the Specifications must be paid on this protect 

Th* Housing Authority of the City of 
Son Antonio. Texas reserves th* right to t*t*ct ony or od btds or to waive ony infer mottles rn th* bidding 

 do bid shall be withdrawn ter a period of thirty (JO) days subsequent to th# opening of bids without th* consent of th* Housing Authority of 
Hi* City of San Antonio, Texas 

HOUSING AUTHORITY OI THE CITY 
Of SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 

 ly s 
In hard G tents 
Title Executive Director 
Date February 23,1977 

I ! 

REWARD 
7 5 4 — 
T W * — R a m — 
A c to s agriot 
T U — A v n , 
Wno m ln t - l o o n s 
T S I — 
A J ru a ft 
S o r v k o s — Su p o lio * 

■ le a l A n o se a i 

• O I — C o m p a r*—-T ra ito rs 
■ o 2 — M o to r H o m o s 
> o 4 
I OOH . M o t o r* 
> o 6 — Sp o rtin g Gowrie 
SU B — H u n tin g A f 

M O R IS I M O M t t e JK t 

 rn I 4% 
M ll ll Al a Iii ll q-gti rn LmIp 
RP > 
"owe— ^ririripBBrBev 
U t __ MAS -S-it- Q-A----- 
RP > I xxexxw VteS^WVVw 
-I* w 

1 1 2 — M o b il* H o m o F s r ii i 

M <aC M A N O t$l 

4 o 1 — (u t m o s t tqwipmonv 
9 o 3 — lu d d btf M a n o ria l* 
P O S — 
Po rn afrit Beta din g * 
9 o 7 — fu m * euro 
4 o 9 — 
Pw om Broil o rt 
4 I C — 
A p p lia n t a * 
4 1 2 — I too M o rto n 
9 1 4 — -An f*ovo* 
4 1 4 — Aret, Crofts, im p o rts 
4 1 > — 
Cote* A Apar a iry 

9 2 2 — 
Mwoita l Im*trum a n *t 
4 2 4 — te m t r io i, G o rd o n 
9 2 6 
M u tfu o o ry — Toots 
4 2 > — M a rx B owriit o M a rt 
4 3 o - 

4 3 2 — 
A u * N on W e 
4 3 4 i u atnp M D u e *eery 

OOG5— Aff $ 

♦ IO — Orifp .Cert*-Bird*, apt* 
O M 
opm(key -lotos tot-Sp#» 

 itVIBKKM 
Y A 

4 4 o — 
U v a s W A t a . a 

L O S T 
Fem ora N o rw e gia n E lk hound m om ea 
P erky near l i l t 
Club on River Wotk. lorn Feb I 
Charles Pico 6S6 35?t____________ 

REWARD LOSI Dog S1oo tor information trading to return of b lo c k D o b e r m a n P in s c h e r nam e d b l e s s e r ", I 'j y r s old 
Very bio Stock with ton m a r* m gs ond trim m ed eors W earing leather c o lla r end ra b ie s tea 
M is sin g since Sun fe d i* in O l­ m os Pork Area Call (24-6191 or 
42? o84?_______________________ 
R E W A M O Los! Sm all Doe M ixed 
Cntnuanua, M in ia tu re Pinscher. 
Comeiot ti area. A n s to Pancho 
' -Jin ' tiripb.r snot *54 o23* 
Rew ord, lost iy r m ale G e rm a n 
Shephard, Mgnt fact- feet. d a rk 

11 o-AECIAL NOTICES 

A U D IT O R IU M 
A ir co n d itio n e d tor w e d d in g s, receptions, dances etc Molds up ip *5 o p e o p le 
G r e a t e r 5 A 
Sunder A ssoc 
$924 N W 
IM IO 
I Aff IM S. 
A Aouger cleans clogged dram s and sew er* p **t plum p.ng repair too One coil dees it nit, p ric e s 
Before we stort Se ve n d a y s a wee* CPN anytim e 341 4124 Or the white page* for A h ogge r 
Alm ost Free Transportation 
To Cleveland New T ort Oenver, 
D C 
Phiitdeiprao Coli 7/4 m r 

ART LESSONS 
Pointing, drawing, an y m edium 
Still lift, la n d sc a p e , p o r t ra it 
B e g in n e r s a n d a d v a n c e d student* Details H erm on de Jo rt. $26-M SS 

ATTENTION PHYSICIANS 
Retired p hysician w ishes to sen iam ple!* surgeons attice setup pf m od ern attice fu rn itu re (v e r y 
Beautify*) p ius cam alote set of 
. su rg ica l instrum ents finest that 
(On bv bough! som e e n g ra ve d some not Complete office can set u t any G eneral P ractitioner or 
Surgeon W IL L I t LL O N L Y A ) 
S iN G L t B IO Can Bg seen ut It ) n u * *i St 
Kerrville * ie 5 doily 
Con M r Beck l i t D M tor appt 
■ ids open on M arch s end oh win 
I Bo M id lo M o modest 

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF 
THE CITY OF SAN ANTONIO, ll 
TEXAS 
INVITATION FOR BIOS 

Tho Housing Authority of tho (tty of j 
Son Antonio Texas will receive ates to lepteir Balei Moms It* 6 / Eon J 
Terrace Home s. until JDO 7 M local j 
T m* on Hie 2^th of March, 1977 et j th# oHk* o* Noonan A (rocket A ! lootis 
Architects and Engineers. 
2oo2 North St dory i Sheet, 7 o j lox 
12341, 
Son Antonio. 
Texas I 
28214, al wh«h tim# and piece ah bah otN ba pubkcty opened and read aloud 

Proposed to'ms of contract documents, 
•itdudma pions and specific ahem ant en Me at th* oHk * af Noonan A b o c k * I Aggers. 
Architects ond ingmotrs, 2oo2 North 
St. dory s Sheet 7 o lox 12348 
San Antonio. Texas 21284 

Copies of tho documents moy be ob­ tained by depositing $5o DG with the 
Architects for each set et documents so obtained Deposit thicks ck Honey 
Orders shad be payable Ie th* Nous mg Authority of tho (tty of Sen An tamo. Texes Such deposit: w«M Im 
' flurried to each parson who returns the pins, tpectfKOtiont. M d other documents in geed condition within 
IS days rifer ted opening 

A certified check or bonk draft peyote* to the Housing Authority oi th# (tty of San Antonio Texas, US 
Government lo iris et spotted ted bond executed by Hi* (rider and rn ce/obie sureties in on amount eqgoi ta hee per cent ($%) pf tee bid shall be submitted orth each sri 

Tho successful bride* aril be requited to tendril and agy ter satisfactory priermam * and poyment bond or bends 

Attention is ceded to Am pi ohm ens 

“INVITATION TO BID" 
Notice is hereby given that the San 
Antonio Transit System will receive bids for th* sale to ond purchase by the System of th* following equip­ ment: 

Told lighting 
Shop Ventilation System 
Steam Room Ventilation System 
Natural Gas decrier 

Tho! seoled competitive bids therefore shall be delivered by bid den to the oftee of th# Director of 
Purchasing of th* Son Antonio 
Transit System, 422o N Flores St., 
Son Antonio, Texas 28212, that prior to th# opnm g ol bids th# Director of 
Purchasing shall moke ovoilabt* to prospective tedders et Mid office ted forms, ted opening dotes, spoctftco- 
♦tons ond other portinent in­ formation about sari equipment ond th# form of sold teds 

Th* Son Antonio Transit, System reserves th* right to waive a- regularities ana to reject ony or od proposals Bidder s attention is coded to the ted thor flus protect is funded by th* United States Government ond is requited to comply with, in ad­ dition to other provisions of th* pions and specifications, tho following 
Federal Regulations 

A 
(QUAI 
(MPlOTdfNI 
OP 
PoITUNITY 
Contractor will bo squired to comply with oil op phcobt* (quai Employment Op poctunriy low 

STATEMENT 
OF 
FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE 
This contract n sub lect to o fmoot tot assistance con­ tract between th* prefect sponsor and th# US 
Deportment of 
Transportation 

HKUGillE UDDERS AN tedders will be required to certify that they ort not on th# comptroller 
General s bsf of ineligible tedders 
Tho above requirements ore given in detorl in the mvrtotion to 
Ari ond Sptciftcohom for Iris 

 f J . Jonas 
Director af Purchasing 
San Aniente Transit System 

 r INVITATION FOR BIDS A 

The Housing Authority of th# City of 
Son Antonio is colling foe teds to supply waste disposal service 

Specifications ond bidders blanks or# on file and ovmlobl* in th# of­ fice of Ms Betty Poiomo, Purchasing 
OHicet, 14o1 North Mom Avenue. 
PO 
Drawer 13oo, Son Antonio, 
Texas 2829) 

Seoled teds must bo rn the offke of 
Ms Betty Poiomo, Purchosrng OI fleer, bv 1o-oo nm , Tuesday, March 
8, 1977, of which time teds will be opened ond oH interested ponies at* invited to bo present 

RICHARD G JONES 
Executive Director J 

IF YOU LOVI PRIVACY... 
^ • W Z S S S M K S I B h . S5SZ. f r U S L ’K . ’T J U S : 
■Erffirjf flfd*Y.” 11 
1 
2 exciting extros to list. In the 3o s. 

828 6391 A n y t im e 
Dearie Owens Co 
Realtors N E Loop ole 
M A R Y M O N T A R E A G lam orous 
T o w n n o u se 1*2' j, m a ste r suite dow n 
3 c a r g o r q g e 
826-2439, 
Jones K in g Realtors_____________ 

PRIVACY-LOCATION 
H o v e you been lo o k in g tor the toto! deol This is one ot the best in town Two bedroom s, 2 baths with fireplace, ready to m ove in with i d rap e s and refriqorator. E n io v the fun of the sw im m ing pool this sum m er Close to Loop 41o in the 
I M a rym o n t A rea Only $46,5oo tor 
Tops in enviornm ent and privacy. 
349 4343 or 349 3535 Anytim e 

R E A U T O R S BIonco R d Oft 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

3 bedroom , 2' I bath, lu xury 2 story T o w nhouse, 2 c a r fin ­ is h e d g a r a g e 
$4o,5oo. 
684-o711, 684 8311. 344-4397 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 
696-771o 

Ft C la rk S p rin g s land m e m b e r­ ship, Brocketville, Tx $43oo. Con­ tact G e o r g e A le x a n d e r , J r . 
A n odorko, Oklo, 4o5 247 5774 
G O V E R N M E N T O w ned H o m e s 
F o r Sole 2. 3 and 4 bedroom No down paym ent Anyone con buy. 
Vet or N o n -V e te ra n W h y rent w hen you can b u y t R E D C A R ­ 
P E T 653 6364 

6S18 ROBIN FOREST 

LOW EQUITIES-S66oo CAMEIOT ll 

3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, stone fireplace, loads of carpet! Se* today! 
6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTOR-AALS 
Walton! Rd. Ofc. 

BUS STOP 
E A S T 
T E R R E L L 
L O C A T IO N 
Newly painted 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e H ardw ood floors, new roof 
I Q u a lifie d b u y e r m a y h a v e im - 
I mediate occupancy on open term s and priced to sell at $24,5oo Act now! 
349-4343 or 349-3S35 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blanco R d Ofc 

 room w ith fire p lac e , se p a ra te * 
. dining room , in need of restoro-**' lio n 
IO ft c e ilin g s , h a r d w o o d floors 522,5oo 
« 
AT 621 
IOO year old 3 b e d ro o m * 
H IL L S separate dining room plus e x tra * 
I lot. $38,ooo a 
H S R E A L T Y 
« 
824 7417 
344-J63-C 

BUYERS BEWARE! 
I It you want a hom e for $22,4oo, you will love this dollhouse 3 be j d room s, ce n te ro l heat and air, privacy fenced yard, and on cut- de sac 342 4177, rates, 656-6157. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
B V g w K g m t t E N r g e d e c o r a i ed 2-1-den, 335 T eakw ood , new 
I roof, Centrol air. 579.9oo 87? 3o41 
B y owner, 3-2-i, oir, near school, fenced 653-9399. 698 7344 

HAVE YOU HEARD?? 

M arie Fortuna, Hay 
Keuihan, 
Betty 

Kirkpatrick aud Jeanne 
Nowotny are now doing 

Business as 

FRANCES LEVENSON 
275-2398 
A N Y T IM E 
732-4951 
R E A L T O R 
341 1867 
EDYTHE B. COOPER 
A A A I D E A L 
4-i-T , o ir, o p pliances, nothing down, S25o clos­ ing OH Nacogdoches R d 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
696 472o 
R E A L T O R 
344-o936 
A B IG R O C K F IR E P L A C E ond a g a rd e n kitch e n e n h a n c e this 4 bedrooom . f t bath hom e! Livin g 

B v o w n e r. 4-J-J, a p p r o x 18oo sa H , fireplace, cox patio, m any extros 
V A 
7°. loan, 
547,5oo 
653 5758 
----------------B Y 6 W N E R ---------------- 
B eautiful 12o yr. old hom e All m a s o n ry , h ig h C o llin g s, 2 fire places, central heat-air. 6 room s, race yard, p rivac y fence Unique 
M u st see to appreciate 736-oo32 after 3:3o 
B Y ~OW N E*ff-C it M is TLB Y ll, ) ? 2 . large livin g area, fireplace, d in ­ ing, lorge kitchen, breakfast oreo, i carpeted, fenced $57oo eauity and 
5277 m o Atter 5 pm. 653-5o51 
B y ow ner, 3-i-2. cent heot air", fire p lac e , la rg e m o ste r b d rm . fam ily room, sliding g la ss doors. 

CAMELOT ll 
Ideal 3-2-2 home for young fa m ily ? 
2 living areas, stove, refrigerator,- 
(tropes and TV anteno Beautiful yard 538.9oo Niles, 492-1137 
344 3o78 
D O N J O H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROPP 

CHILDREN GROW 
Houses don t. So heres a ploce for a grow ing fam ily 3 bedroom s, t baths, plenty of storage. B u y V A or P H A Coll now 
824-239) (A nytim e) 
Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Austin H w y Oft 

82o CLOSING COST 
M o v e in 3 B e d ro o m s. I A b a ttis, 
5157 p lu s tax e s and in s u ra n c e 
824 4521. 674 o744 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H S U M M IT 
2 story coloniol(24oo sq.ft.). den. la rg e g a m e ro o m , (SI,>oo. 1o5o7 
Pinedate. 696-7)63 

 n n z. , 
«!*,„ cov patio, sto ra g e shed, gre e n and fam ily room s, covered patio, h o u i# ( b eoutitullv la n d sc ap e d . m ust sell due to illn e ss See to walnut paneled garage! 
551,995. 
R E A L T O R S 
453-7341 
456-8927 att 
4. 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
374o C o lo n y 
696 1412 

I r -------- 

I 

M I * 

’*■“* A w n CfWMtifMWMMi I 

BARBERS 

 net ie** teen tile miRwrtwn seton*: >M> aeger et sat forth Mi Mw teautaritorn mutt bt peri OM MMI proton 

 lh * Heuwnq Authority *1 th* City ri ten Aftterne. Tex* reserves th# right to rapt! ga* or gl brit et to admi any utterm aM M at I 

> a k b o a r d and meat Sa** eat f va |j ai tem *.*••* B arge r m m r n * j # t x 

 t* * • * ( O N A M a****** 

I O ! — I l o t — C a t* a i 

J t iL m 

IDR REN! 
Hourly Or 4*i*t» Autetertum end 
Pterty tm m M ounter »««rih s.q, 
L esg dan geggt *ar music ctufts, a g *!■ • * 
• * e g i<>e r e c e p t io n s m e e t***** p l pit • n e * 
C e n 
$44 t i t * N ee* d e n # i<pr c u t 

- 
H4MU tm m M 
6 # rn tm lA P t i ii 
H i i m 

 i t tori shah to psttsripan ta* a petted et Murty (IM toys swhsegv* •' to HW «##*“**( 4 ted* arthur the 
. assent el the towsmq Autharttf et the li*y at ten A n t*** T*«te 

 potman Au * not! * * ut i i i u lt 
Of UA Amowt) W AS 

Ar t y 

 lh * tim eh** 
•rite fpwuary U , 1*77 
■ te* si tex 

Undeleted Night to* set* by ted et 9 am an Monday, March I, 1977 et led Anew freight lines, afar* house 
Department 
(663 DI atterr, lood, San Antonio, texas 
I. I cartons el Hydra Fat (tear 
Display time consigned to 
Agrttunuiri Institute It seal rh rn 
Houston, lexas (lei U 2S 77) 
I I Headboard erne consigned lo 
Index I 
Houston Headboard 
(smpeny rn Houston. 
Texas 
(lag U 76 77) 
I (orion of asserted sinai op- phonies once consigned to th# 
I rag* 'riot* m Kingsville, Texas 
(i*f ll l l ll) 
I torton of Canterd Grope Jetty once (ensigned to M t M Sides in 
Heri ngen, Texas (let U 28-77) 
I carton et Am litters once ten signed ta 
11 (ensprtssien 
Services w Aiea, Texas (Bef (J- 
79 l l ) 
$ bundies et Shingles erne ten signed to Minty an Supply in Sen 
Antonio. Ty mis {let (J JO ll) 

I he Poking Mgthtr<t owe (on signed to 
J 
Moraine 
» 
H J lits Ville Texas (let (J JI 77) 

4 led Frames M r * (onsmnvd Ie 
Mayan Motor Inn in Laredo, Tex 
Os l*f U i i lf) 
I tartou af horpwgr* anc# ten signed to J VI Mein turns** lo rn terrane, Texes i Ari U J4 77) 
J postages et Ifhflng tutee: one# c.t signed to Steuewevt 
Animalier! m Houston fetas 
I lot U J) lf) 
I lo*fop af asserted Aute Farts w k* ten signed to (tear lek* 
I try,ten* rn (leer Lake (tty Tee as (let Item Ro VISAS 
I U m e t af (toras •#**$ unit tomigmd to 
Affiliated feud 
Stere* M Uxriei texas (8*1 
(tern Me 94-.ee 

I hew fpeds ran la rapt ted Ay eppwmtment et Mw epee* tories* en 
•he toy 
>*»«p*y ay i eat* Meg lh item#, Rte cr rn IS) )*U toads aril be ted to **tod tori eriy oW the tem* aril to u**A et Mw wa# el tee led tu rn height UHM raser*#* th* "to* to tote! eto e l rids 

Th* South Texos Amo |x- rhonge. 
Lor Mote 
Att 
Ferre 
Bose. Texas, offers for sole two mob*)* food catering vehicles 
Prospective bidder: may obtain bid forms, a listing of equip merit, ond inspect some by ion totting Mr Joseph N Godwin, 
Bldg >o66, loikiote AFB, Texos, from I OO a in to 9 OO a m . 7 
Mar ll through 9 Moi ll. Seeded bids writ be received rn triplicate of lock late AFB, Bldg 
71o1, 
Lockland 
Ad. 
Texas 
78236, until 4 oo pm , ll Mar 77 Tho fir henge reserves the nqhf to refed ony end all bids Terms 
(ASH 

S e o le d b id p r o p o s a ls w ill be received bv the Board of Trusters of the N orth E a s t in d e p e n d e n t 
School D istrict tor the construe lion ot ten (IO ) A u x ilia ry C la ss room B u ild in g s (P ortable Build m as) M onday, 2 OO p m . M a ch 14, 
1977 
Bid sp ecification* and d ra w in g s m oy be picked up atter paym ent of S25 OO d e p o sit p r io r to bid operana at the office of the D ire c­ tor of Purchasing, bt E l S D , 
1o331 Broadw ay, 
San 
Antonio. 
T e x a s _______________ ___________ 
S e a le d a id p r o p o s a ls w ill be received by the Bourd ol Trustees ot the N o rth E a s t In d e p e n d e n t 
School District tor S E N IO R A N D 
U N D E R C L A S S P IC T U R E S until 
3 OO p m . 
Tuesday, 
M a rc h A, 
1 1977 
Bid term s m ay be picked up prior 
I to bid opening m the office of the 
Director of P urchasin g, N E I S 
D 
1o)3 Broadw ay, San Antonio. 
. T in g s 

U sed elem entary su e classroom fu rn itu re fro m the N orth E a s t independent School D istrict will be sold bv au ction on W e d n o s days F ebi a o ry 23, M a rc h 2. 9, lf, ond Ii. 1977 at 7 l i p m 
This solo wilt be handled by the 
Barnes Auction Com pany bt their locution at 26o1 South H ackberry, 
San Antonio This auction is open to the public 

1?4 LEGAL NOTICES 

IM M E D IA T E C A SH 
F o r Y our H om o w e pox oil clo* i m g costs! We also take trades 
Call 
494 SS7) 
4)5 1474 
$32-3252 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

 s$$$t$$$$$$$s$$ 
• I NEED IO HOUSES® 
S a n A n to n io R o o t E sta te p a y s cash tor yo u rs in 72 hour*. I pay alt d o sin g cest 34* 6531 
________ SS$tS$5$$$$$$5SS$t 

LESS THAN K O is all the cosh you need Anyone con buy 3 4 bed room s, 7 both*, ; 
, som e with air ond oil appliances 
M u rry only a few left 
B O B O e P A O lO 
144 1o91 
R E A L T O R 
Neva To Sell Your Hom e N o w ? 
P a r F A S T S E R V IC E — Coll 
)44 5S64 Hurt M c C o rm ick R e a ltor 
P R O P E R T Y O W N E R S 
We only ch arge $3oo com m ission tor se llin g hom es re g a rd le ss of price C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 
73J 2918, 
73? 53$$. 
7)2 6534 O P E N 14 H ou rs a Day. 7 
■ G oys o Weak 

 r e n t a l ’ m a n a g e m e n t 
H ave our professional stall hon die you rental property Call for details today 
$368826 
N iles 494-14o4 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
T O R R O L A W N B O Y • So le s ond service ogencv tor motet brands of m ow ers O w ner will a ssist in training qualified buyer R O H O E 
B U S IN E S S B R O K E R S 6»6 53H 

WE LL BUY YOUR HOME 
P e r cosh Pas! Service Will trad* 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o91______________ R E A L T O R 
W H Y P A Y R E N T ? Own your Own hom e, no dow n paym e n t lo a n ­ yone1 P aym ents toss than rout. 

STRIKING STUCCO 
2 story with im pressive tirepioced liv in g room B rig h t, s u n n y k it­ chen 2o ti m oste r with d re ssig area Low 4o s 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 *2o1 
W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E S lr,Tow n 
Location. 
Soper 
Am enities 
1 31o2 Eisenhquer__________826 43o1 

WoooSToNE 
C ountry ond carefree H ying con be yours today See these exciting new townhom es with gorgeous hill co u n try view 
N o rth w e st a re a neor U T S A and U S A A S38.7CO to 
$41,4oo O nly 5 % dow n with one year hay bock pion Fo r details. coll 69o-1192 
Naylor Realty Inc 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

AAA INVESTMENT 
19 unit m oney m aker, see m eter*. oft 15oo blk Broodw oy 824 TOSO 
B v O w ner,""folom oi brick Town house duplex 
N e a r M cC re te ss. 
A ttra c tiv e welt kept p ro p e rty 
SSS too S i* 3o7$___________________ 

$7,ooo CASH DOWN 
BUYS 63 UNITS 
LUCY STAGGS 822 1383 
N O R T H T O W N R E A L T Y 
D U P L E X 1876 N Pine 
V A Approval. S 16.ooo 826 TOSO 
O T T T O r T ^ a T a r e a ---------- 
Super duplex with guest house Hi ce ilin g s, h a rd w o o d flo o rs, fire p la c e s, c e n t r a l e v e r y t h in g , ! equipped kitchens, central ever- 
,thing Please coll us tor details. 
(24 1233. 
M A Z IE S A L E H IL L . R E A L T O R S 
J E F ? l " f i i 6 M j i l l A- 6 4 units 
5675 m o in c o m e 
A lw a y s lu ll 
Good cond i l l SOO Owner ca rry 
M t-fffd . 
: 

 large in clu d e s g a ra g e apl Total rent 
S4So Separate m eter* V e ry good shape W oodlawn arvo 
G R A C E L A IR D 7)4 42)1 7]» ooo7 l a r S F o u p l e V ----------- 
Near bus and snooping 
227 o227 
W atson 4 Son 
712 263$ 

Guy Chipman Co 

ABSOLUTELY TOPS 
A C h a r m in g H o u s e fo r y o u n g 
M a rrie d s 3 bed room s, 2 bath*, double garage Built by Flam ingo high on a hill in N W R o n c h la n d 
Hills! ss,SOO assum ption! 
Call 
Now! 
344 4491 
N iles 715 1787, 344 16o1 
G E O R G E F LO O D , R E A L T O R S 

"ALAMO HEIGHTS" 
Get the grand habit of collecting rent in ste ad at p a y in g It! Start with this prim e investm ent 4 unit ap artm ents N e o r sch o o ls, only 
$43,ooo N o show ing on M on or 
Toes I ? ? 31o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

"ALAMO HEIGHTS" 
B u y the hey to future security and com m unity influence. See this 4 bedroom home consisting of 21oo sa.It Call tor details 822-33o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
This is one of the bord lo find” k in d ' 3 bedroom s, 3 baths, fam ily room plus an enclosed laiousrad porch, hying room with fireplace, separate dining, kitchen with bay window, central heat and air M id 
SO * 
8x4 o6o4 
R E A L T O R S 
872 9137 
S U E W E E M S 4 A SSO C . 
! 
KEY GROPP 

ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
New Listing In Crow nhili Park 
I block from elem entary is this c h a rm in g eye a p p e a lin g 3 2 2, separate living, dining, fa m ily , breakfast area tin.SOO 
828 4S4S 
P r,o kas Rlty 
4S4 o97S 

A L A M O H G T S S C H O O L S 
T E R R E L L M IL L S F I R S T O F 
F E R IN O 
Stately and spacious J s to r y b r ic k tor d is t in g u is h e d 
Hying Enhanced by high ceiling*, handsom e m itlwork 4 bedroom s. 
I baths, airs. 3 car ga ra ge Livin g ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e , f o rm a l separate dining, landscaped yard with putting green 
(76 2439 
R E A L T O R S 

CONVERSE 
3 bedroom . I club bath, centrol air-heat 
344-6268 
341-4S44 
484-5768 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E ST A T E INC 
C O R N E R appreciate agents________________________ 
B v owner, 4-2 I, cul de sac, cen- trol air, carpet, term s 341 9181 or 
874 1o14 
B Y O W N E R . E l Dorado attractive 
Investm ent, 4 7 2. patio. P riv a c y fence, custom drapes. 7°. SSI,SOO 
456-o791 
• Y 6 w N E R . s J’ oo equity or best luxury. 3*2-2, fireplace offer on 12-2, located in Brook-1 'n Huge beam ed fam ily, form at wood. ad jacent to W in d c re st. 4 rim ing or liv in g , ca rp e tin g , im - m o old M u st sell 456-o347. 
I ished g a ra g e , p riv a c y fence rn 
B Y O W N B R T f - i "tO F rc o v e r e d 
654-o97$ p a tio w ith s k y lig h t s , « n ti» r x , >«>J9 > y || R 2 x . ° ? . _ 1 
* privacy fence, turbo-ventt, utility room , paneled g a ra a e , sto ra ge ro o m . W a lk to M o n t g o m e r y 
E le m , ride to others No agents 
Please 534.SOO 656 433o aft. Sam w kdvs. oil day w knds 
B Y 6 W N E R , Greenfield Village, 4 or $. 2-2 27oo sa tt ', acre lot, lu xu ry features P re listing bar- eom Below m arket 6$8 3941 

BY OWNER 
Im m a c u la te 3-2 2. fire p la c e in large living area, p rivacy fence, best quality electric kitchen A s ­ sum e tow equity and only 7 ' >N interest. N E ID Call tor apot No 
Agents 4S1 3S5S 

 b T T S W n T B 
) i i . In don ve rse 
M u s t se ll th is m o n th 
A s k in g 
54,1oo equity, a ssu m e I 'x ’. F H A 
Loan, 527? per m onth M a ke on otter 659 toot r y~ 5 w -N~E R ' :~ n- Rlrb"y I M , car peted att en o p e ' new g a s range taige covered patio, large b e a r­ ing pecan trees, tot 2S3S att $pm w kdvs. oil go y w knds_____________ 
By owner, 1-3-2. rn O lym pia, tar m ot liv in g ro o m , d in in g ro o m com bination, den and b reakfast nook, equity ond assum e 7“. v a loan M o n th ly paym e n ts $242 ar 
$34,oo4 new tears 6$8 t»?4 
B v owner In Valencia. 4-2-1. cent air-heot. beautifully landscaped, coy patio, cai pet. $51 9oo 13o15 Et 
Se ran-re 656 799$_________________ f y owner, kiffcy, corner let. ex cedent. S74.SOO 461 5o42__________ 
B y owner. L au re l H eights older hom e 3-12, and G arage apt fire place. C yclo n e fence. Exce lle n t 
Condition. Nice ond d e a n P rice 
575.ooo cell M joe 735 19o3. 147 E 
Craig 
Ay owner Live Oak J ! I. carpet, fenced low equity, tew paym ents 
655 9*19__________ 

B v awner, Live Oak 

 to6Jv$l w ith ""j 'Tse- droom s, 2 baths carpeted living, dining room s! Single ga ra g e plus double carport! Beautiful! 
$26,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7779 

Guy Chipman Co 

C O R N E R N O D O W N A N Y O N E 

 c o i f 6 n b 'i l i o ^ k 6 ‘I i n i m , iv room , fireplace, N E Schools. 
$41,3oo Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 878 o755 til 8 pm 

CUSTOM FEATURES in Bristol Piece. I bdrm , I 1 j boff) by owner, new, fireplace, p orau tt floors, ce d a r su n d e ck, c a rp e ls. 
Call 732-4o7$, 874 76o3 tor app t e a s t l 6 2 'a t To n ------- 
N o dow n p a ym e n t, co m p le te ly re m o d e le d 2 b e d ro o m h o m e 
Looks Great 
34) $134 
A b P O 
494 3229 

EL DORADO 
B e a u tifu l 4 b e d ro o m . 2 'i both hom e with fireplace and fam ily room Wet bor, fire ond sm ok j a la r m s y s t e m a n d in t e r c o m 
$55,5oo Niles. 653 3835 
456-3441 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY CROUP 
E l B o « A D 6 i N e a r p o o l o"<fufl p l o v e r o u n d , J b d rm , 2 b a th . lo c a te d en q u ie t c u l d e s a c * 
C h ild r e n w a lk to e le m e n t a r y sc h o o l. D o n 't w a it to see th is home 824 o17) 
RED CARPET r e a l t o r s 
— m T O H t w e 'w i ---------- 
3 2 2. paneled a - n. boy w indow b re a k fa st Ie lo ve ly ya rd , fru it trees, p rivacy tense W e k shop 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E (28 253t 

F IR S T 
O F F E R IN G T E R R E L L 
H IL L S 
On a beautiful, so n n k ire d earner lot with c irc u la r drive, A rn o tta itd g ts te n e . I s to ry w ith th ic k shake reef, 4 or S bedroom s plus 

JONES«KING 

ID 

FU BIX 
NOTICE to hereby given that en the I lift Sa y et 
March, 
1477 
H aesthete 

 goods, tools and aute ow (pp- dnran Kits wit! to sate at 
Puton Auction at I OO PJM. pl 

Mini Storage 
Na. 
22, 
ISO 
Spacer trine, 
Ion 
Anton,u 
Texes unto11 indebtedness ta 

 sattitaiad by that (tate: 

Let Ne. bb Hector Here* 

UM Ne 11S-trad J. I effort 

A L L B U IC K ) bedroom I , both 
H O M E B U IL T O N Y O U R LO T 
516,95o IO U G ordina ort W Ave 

2o4 PROPERTY OUI OL TOWN 

'i 

 tot Ne 2 o$ 
* abort W. Grifton 

 tot Na 244- 
A4aI s m m Avp ( Cjom i 

U t H r 
Ort*! 

M um 
9 4 

 io n tm l i m i t «4%.w 
OH i tot &*** 
IMI M U W U i SU SAS 
Mi i i i * AAA 
I* P a t * $ AHU Art w I 

K ER R V ILLE COUNTRY 
HOME 
Mitten I md** et ate bent Ker­ rville independent Stheel Uhuh: 
AH el* fra, I story 4 bedroom, I 
♦ult to.bs. I half tofts* large gamer earn .’tot to used (et Ste todteem French ( erinto ardu lecture 
Heeled swtmneog peri pith I acres and hers* twin leouhfui view et veiler ond hdts 
Many more amenities 
NAYLOR REALTY INC. 
R O N x SI 
Ingram, Taxes 7 M 2 I 

 phone ( s it ) h i s h * lucite lagan ( I I I ) 367 2 J JO 
Pqg q AU CJ % tfw IN 
( S II) 14/-5S42 

Cs OSA TO M B D IC A L C I N f B R 
D u p le x a ith ) peril H um s | % batts*, tiviiia area «*un p p * life iHtK« each side) (ice tte n t cen ditto# B r eft P I M ' 
54* Ope 
B t AL TOM S e t* 6811 
Guy Chipman Co 

L IQ U ID A T IN G 
Ow ner sailing duplex com pletely remodeled, seldom vocant, excel lent location Better h u rry 
349 1479 
Heeler J H arbeck Inc , Realtors 

M 4 < i N l F l 6 i N t J T i ?c o in tat rito ge F a r m s O nly $125 dow n 
52?3 mo 
J A J R E A L T Y 674 888) Anytim e 

Duplex A Heme, L a rg e Incom e 
S3) IOO# R e sp o n d ** Rity 656 56A7 

S2bo DOU NOTE CASH 
Trade far Real t stole 
LUCY STAGGS 822 1383 
N O R T M T O W N E R E A L T Y 

SUPER. SUPER INCOME 
C O R N E R L O T I good n e ig h b o r­ hood* tented, w asher and dryer c o n n e c tio n * se p a ra te m e te rs, c e n tra l heat and air. la rg e bo droom s with punt m s ISS vat) h i g h l a n d M I L L ! . 5686 m g. 
4 plea owner c o rr* 547 OOO 
U E N v i R H o t s t ic e ilp n t rent property turn lf Is * 
C A N Y O N L A K E 
IO unit m otel p iu s lou nge with 4 T V screen. 
Coffee Shop goM terpom office space goad incom e aw ner ca rry 
I I I i|g§ Hinton 
M IN N O W S G A L O R E 
M a r b le 
Fails, established 14 v aid bast ness owner retiring eaceitet rn come, h i venter y end nice hom e 
Tm Buran I taste 
*A4 7171 
$44 I M f 
514 $4$ I r u r a l o p o T rm iil TioCise TI t f c l 
Hey Owner writing ta Ieee rn da 
Pie* an Ir a * * 
St* 4211 ar 751 99*1 
• '• O N E fb U M J U L ____ 

A N X I O U S O W N E R la id sell this 3-2 2 brick hom e with garage apt in on excellent neigh­ borhood very c ie ** to N orth $tor 
M oll 175o va ft w fireplace pius oat A sk in g 541,9oo will consid er r eosonobie ofter 824 o171 
RED CARPET r e a l t o r s 
A P H V V M W f A E A l r Utah to par c hose the equity on this 3 2-2 rn 
Valiev F o rge A ssu m e I N S V A lean and laHe ever paym ents to 
S794 Lorge b a c ky a rd H u rry 
82k 8195. R E A L T O R S 
REO CARPET 

 a I' P l*'6’x "l7"to on (ICI e "Iiiled B B oaks and an ail brick hem e with 4 bedroom s 2' r beths L iv in g room blas fam ily ream with fireplace, built in boob ca se * and gun cabinet* s i I 996 
R B A l T O R S 
45) 7141 

_ 
. 
S-L-2. extra 
. 
... _____ irirge ro o m s, stone fire p lace in quarters This is what everybody liv in g room , cath e d ral ce ilin gs wants. P tea se catl us tor details drapes, carpet, w orkshop, beau 1824-32)3 titul view or R A A B 7 mi aw ay, very good condition 848oo eauity. 
U 3o me *5* 67re_________ i y owner Live O ak Is le t a * 7456 
H tenen O a k T r a il im m e d ia te aossessren Better than new. 3-3 2 livin g, den, new d u a lity carper throughout, central air ond heot a ll o p g ire n c e fe n ce 8537o no q u a lif y in g sum ption, balance 879,1)4 $297 m e 65* 4123 
3-t-t, B v Owne term s, 6$3-84>l. 
; 
B Y '6 w n e r J l'r - l , near RunitJipTi 
A F B Folly carpeted, air, fence, trees 823,oo4. 4S8 UU# 

M v b S ib Nill. Realtors 

T i ¥ S 'f " T iM g t-ofe' s A l V ------- 
RIDGEVIETN patio, p r iv a c y Ow ner wifi soil this v e ry nice J b e d ro o m h o m e V A o r N M A 
Paneled den N ear alem school end N o rth Star M a ll 
141 729', rates 7)2 7$6$. R E A L T O R S 
A$k tor H E L E N L O P I I 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

C a u se d this 4 bedroom hem e ie beearn# evqiiutoe atter only 3 m et o c c u p a n c y w o r d s c a n n e t de scribe the excellent q u a n t* end w o rk m a n sh ip 
B rig h t open e n * liv in g p re p With se p a ra te din t e e m p iu s b r e a k f a s t a r g o l o tetrad in nm ch I tea baths water softener r G B ap p lia n ce s 
A sk us ghoul the e n e rgy sa v in g e e l Sue# et this heme i i * a 171 

It# I] gen. tarm to ain m g carpet me## M i l l t a e iii t i * ! m e Cen 
( N T B R IY A T C 616 #755 BC I pm 

 r a s i n g 

Optn Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to S:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 

M o n d a y t h r u T h u r s d a y 
5 OO P M for Following Doy 
Friday I 3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P m For Sunday 
Friday 5 3o P M For Monday 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

Cancellation* and Corrections con ba mod* 

 rh ,,i F itrtn u 8 A M ti! 5 3 o P . “ 

o1867257 

11414939 

2 LINES $ 

I O 
DAYS 

NON COMMERCIAL! i A n i y 
V A W t t l l i A p i t 
W ITH O U T 
S A I ! C H A N G S 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 tn m M EH w m m n- 
.) S e co n d P a ge 
* 

 arranqed, quick 
$31.SOO M m 827- 

PRi-OWNED HOWK 
MIW ON MARKET 
3 Bedrooms, new on mork»t NE schools. Immorutot* Priced to 
Mil $23,5oo Mites 826-7768 
STREET OF DRf AMS lovely 3-2-1 on quiet street in 
Sun Cete Beautiful new wcH papet and carpet hilly equipped kitchen, fenced yoni. 
Many owner added extras Ask us obout this one! $27,2oo Mites, 
494 2191. 
YOUNGER THAN 
SPRINGTIME 
And just os fresh 3-2-2, with bonus room foe gome room or formol dimng. fireplace ond redwood covered patio $41,ooo 
Mites 824-9818 
UVE ECONOMICALLY 
BARGAIN 2 bedroom, I both, carport, carpeted thcuout. New double oven New roof. Alamo 
Hats. schools $18,9oo Mites, 
822-9438 
ROMANTIC 
Ever popular Dakota Plan, 3 2-2, oversized family room with fireplace Good equity Quick possession. $38,5oo Mites 826- 
7668 
MEADOWOOD NORTH 
Reduced foe quick sell Almost new, immaculate, rotory oic con­ ditioner, privacy fence, nice landscaping Oak tree and other extras mokes this 3-2-2 a good buy. 
Immediate occupancy 
Seller anxious, will consider se­ cond loin. $38,75o Mites 656 
8218. 
UVE OAK SPECIAL 
Assume 7% loan on this cute 3- 
1-1, central heal-air. 
Roper deluxe range, dishwasher and garbage disposal Don t pass this one up • $19,7oo Mites 494 
2191. 
NICE AND NEAT 
See this 3-2-2 Volley forge home low equity, NE Schools nicely possession 
9438 
SPARKUNG JEWEL 
PLUSH! PUMHI MUSH! 
3-2-2, fully carpeted, garden kitchen, covered patio, BEAMED ceilings, SUNKEN conversation orea, (tropine*, intercom Pro­ fessionally landscaped 
Don* miss tho 8oAT1 Immediate or 
(uponcy. $41,9oo Mites ASS­ 
ETS 
WON'T UST LONG 
Gigantic bock yord* Plus trees and the gracious 3-2-2 home tomes with itll Much TK. Deluxe carpeting, extras galore Assume 
6% VA loon. Quick occupancy 
$79,5oo Mites 658 1428 
CORNER LOT 
School bus slops in front of this immaculate 4-2-2 with fenr*ri yard ond fireplace in popular 
Valley forge Mites 824-9813 
GREAT NEGHBORS 
Go with this 3-2-2, executive model home Owner transferred 
Immediate possession $38,6oo 
Mites 824 9818 
D A Y O R N IG H T 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

1 1 t o r t m i 
| s o u t t i w e * * t ] 

 r e a l l q 

F IR S fT ff l¥ 6 k i M A R K E T " 
• OFF NACOGDOCHES BO# and iu»t north of Looo 41o Com olefelv redecorated interior ond e x te rio r 
3-2-1, den 
E le c tr ic th ru o u t. L o t H O X 2oo 
N E 
Schools 
So convenient. SSI,SOO 
826-2342 
Thelma B. Preissman 
FO R F A S T title service with no 
{unnecessary de lay let A L A M O 
T IT L E 
CO handle the 
Deal 
1227-o231.________________________ t~6r $ a l I A y 6 w n e r 1 oio 
O a k s area. 4P4-S444 w k d vs att. tom oil dov wfcnds r g g T O -T itW T H V A r r ------- 
3 and 4 bedroom homes 
M S,OOO to 551.9o4 
VA P H A No city taxes 
I 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M E S 
344-1624 
*44-o44o 
G A R D E N K ltd H fc N in Ih.s loTqc 
4-2-2 in Live Oak Covered polio] off kitchen ond patio oft b earoom .1 
18x14 fam ily room with beautiful I 
•trepioc* Priced lower than com ­ parable in area Ready to m ove I id COH 821-41*4 Now R E A L T O R S 

E x p re ss-N e w s— 
Frid ay, M a rc h 4 , 1 9 7 7 

 f r a m e s ! 
21o HORSES NORTHEAST 

 in lo v e ly N O R T H W O O D E S ­ 
TATES* Beautiful brick hom e, su rro u n de d bv beautiful oaks, s w im m in g pool, s p r in k le r e d grounds, large living room with fire place, fo rm a l dining, 3 be­ drooms. gam e room. 
494-7641 
A N Y T IM E . 

IN TERRELL HILLS 
Built for casual living and fam ily fun, 4 bedrooms ond 3 baths, fire­ place. 2 ce ntral heat-air units, la r g e pool, p r iv a c y fe n ce . 
824-4521, nites 342-4849 
Turner Realty 

In T im e F o r T h e S u m m e r 
Welcome your husband home and relax by the pool Enjoy this love­ ly 4 bdrm, 2 bath home, wall-to- wall corpet thruout. Good location tor all m e m b e rs of the fam ily 
L an d scap e d p ro fe ssio n a lly . To see this home, call 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
I WANTS” 
You got em ? This home will cure them! 4 bedrooms. 2 baths in im m aculate condition. L a rg e fire placed living area. formol dining room, covered patio Take a look! 
S47.SOO 342 4177, nites, 344-4371 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

JIMMY CARTER SPECIAL 
Owner selling for peanuts lf you don't believe it, m ake on offer on this 3 bedroom, 2 bath, builders trad e in. C lo se to sc h o o l ond shopping $22,6oo appraisal 
Coll 349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S 

NEED MORE ROOM? 
Plenty of room for everyone in this g re a t 2 sto ry, 4 la r g e be­ droom s, 3 baths, form al room s, fam ily room with fireplace, ca r­ p e tin g th ro u g h o u t, c u sto m d ra p e s, p r o fe s s io n a lly la n d s ­ caped, 466,4oo Niles 644-7492. 
C e n t u r y 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
646-242o A N Y T IM E 
NEW LISTING 
Ch arm ing do-over near Trinity. 
Liv in g room , fire p lace , d in in g room. 2 bedroom, guest house. 
732-1291 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytime 
N EW L IS T IN G 
6-2-2. built-in kitchen, large m a s­ ter suite, in te rio r co m p le te ly repainted. 18x16 coveed polio 
Over 164o soft. of living area A s­ su m e 7 % V A lo o n w ith 4272 payments with low equity 
Vacont. 
Century 21 
643-8131 Bill P arkin s Rlty 644 4226 
N E W O N M A R K E T . Y o u r kid s will have lots of room bore. This 4 bedroom hom e has gam e room plus study, fireplace in large open living area, over 244o sa.It. Chur 
Chill Hi. 448,4oo. 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
494-2762 

21o-HOUSES NORTHEAST 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
212HOMES-NORTHWEST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

WINDCREST 
O U IC K P O S S E S S IO N 

O W N E R A N X I O U S 
To sell this very lovely 3 bedroom hom e in C h urch ill H igh School dis*. Living and separate dining, sp acio u s den, fire p lace, la rg e landscaped yard Like new condi­ tion. 341-72o1, n ite s 342-o829 
R E A L T O R S . Ask for V IR G IN IA 
N IE N D O R F F 
JOHN FLOURNOY IHC 

S C H E R T Z A R E A 
Attractive 4 bedroom, 2 bath with central air, covered patio and fenced yard. V A or F H A OK. Call today 
494-4471 
N IT E S 643-1444 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

SELLERS: 
C a ll about our G u ara n te e Sell 
Plan, where if we don't sell your home, we buy it. 

See all our other ad s on good home buys ond rentals in oil areas. 

C a ll I N T E R S T A T E 828-o755 
Open 7 D ays Til 8 P M. 

This new listing is an immaculate 
3-2-2. Spacious and in prestigious area, it features, pool room, fire­ place. w on to w ail c a rp e tin g, landscaping and numerous other extros. 464,ooo. Nites. 4SS-2437. 
828-8241 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

WINDSOR SQUARE 
L o v e ly 3-2 hom e. H u ge liv in g o re a, ra n ge , a ir, carp e t, ond fenced. 
427,ooo assum e or refinance 
BODDY DECKER 
824-7361_________________824-31 
2x3 I Mi 2 S E L E C T Y O U R A R E A t orea. Lots af corpet Open terms 

212 HUMES-NORTHWEST 

I 
I M O VE IN V A i % d o w n c o N V o n w a i 
NO MYMfMT 111 A M I 7 ? 
3 ond 4 bedroom pions $34,95o to $43,95o. AM homes feature energy saving package, central heat-oir, carpet cmd handcraf­ ted Woodburn ng fireplaces, deluxe MoqeThef oil electric^ kitchen, ond 2 cor goroges 

6 FURNISH! D NOOKS 
ONN DARY 9 9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 

No down payment to anyone The 
Glen 3 bedrrom . 2 both, central heat, appliances- air. 424,774 total 
Payments less thon rent 
BO B O e PA O LO 
344-3o91______________ R E A L T O R 
NO D O W N TO A N Y O N E 3-4 be­ droom s, air, a p p lia n ce s. F irst 
Payment April 
222-9416TERRA R E A L T Y ? * H R S 

’’JUST LISTED” 
Alam o Heights older home, near s c h o o ls 
L o r g e ro o m s, h ig h ceilings, central oir heat J P lus study, plus upstairs room partial iv finished Price, mid 3o $ Call 
822 33o1, nites 828 4Soo 
KARTMAN REALTORS 
J U L Y L IL I E D th is b e a u t i 3 bedroom home in the preferred 
Oak Hollow E sta te s o re o 
The sp acio u s sin gle liv in g sp ace is highlighted with a stacked, rock fire p la ce and vau lte d c e ilin g 
494-5221 (A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

N O D O W N TO A N Y O N E 4-2 1. la rg e d in in g a rc o , h u ge b rick 
S B O privocv fenced. 524o mo 
RO SSI R E A L T Y 
494-7781 
NORTHEAST SPECIAL 
A ttra c tiv e 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath home lust painted inside ond oui 
N E Schools, convenient to Ft. 
Sam and Randolph. 532,25o. Nites. 
454-394o 
646 34*1 
DON JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

S K Y L IG H T H IG H L IG H T S enlrv of stu n n in g b rick hom e! F iro - p la c e d liv in g d in in g ro o m , p a n e le d fa m ily room ...3 b e ­ drooms, 2 baths! 
548.5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658 7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co 

S O M E T H IN G S P E C IA L 
A 4 bedroom, 2 both home with fin is h e d g a r a g e ond b e a m e d ceiling Carpeting, fence, perfect condition Priced at 527.ooo with open terms. 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

SP R A W L SP A C E con be yours in this older home priced al 595.ooo 
C o m p le te ly re m o d e le d a n d re d e c o ra te d 
2 a p a r tm e n ts p rovid e 4285 m onth ly incom e. 
Evefiings call Virginia 655-3475. 
C e n t u r y 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 o54o 

4 L A R d g A e 6 r 6 6 m S, 2 baths and 2 car qarage Fully carpeted 
Fam ily room has nice fireplace. 
Garden kitchen and large yard. 
Can be refinanced Won t lost, coll now 
828-8195, R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 
• 4 Large Bedrooms 
211o sq It .cill corpeted. 2 i 

NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 't both home with 2ox2o fomily room, super buy at $36,ooo 
A56-3ooo A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -P trrin Benet Otc 
N O R T H E R N H IL L S . Th is beau tifullv built 3 2-2 with sp lit be drooms, has t large living area with 8' lo n g a rc h e d fire p la ce , separate dining. 451,9oo 826-4388. 
643 2798 
REAVIS REALTY CO 
Story brick, covered patio, intercom 
Etc 
U SE Y O U R H O M E A S C A SH 
See this beauty Fri, Sot, Sun 1-5 pm 131o6 L A R K Y O R K E (L a r k ­ spur). 344-3471 Lance 644 4528 
BO B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
L o rg e brickT s-J-J. IO m o old 
Mony extras, low equity Assum e 
4364 456-oo2o. owner 
Lorge wooded corner tat. Garden 

1826 N Pine. V A 416,ooo 
Home or Ouplex, 826-2o5o 

Ridge. 654 J844 otter 5pm 
LEASE PURCHASE 
3 bedroom home in East Terrell 
Hills. Central heat air, 524.9oo will lease with option ta buy 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494 16o1 494-3o12 
LlWfe 
A l K W i n T S H T t f t R O 
H IL L S ! Sp a cio u s 2 bedroom . 2 bath tow nhouse. S in g le liv in g area, form al (tining, fireplace and we* bar Large kitrnen. separate b reakfast room o ve rlook s awn- rag-covered patio Low a ssu m p ­ tion, low m aintenance tee. great buy! 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

R 
P M 
U 
L l 

OAK FORREST 
5 large bedroom s, 3 baths, fire­ place in large fam ily roam, fo r­ m al dining plus large breakfast area with built-ins and bay w in­ dow. covered patio, an a m uch more Niles 824-4497 
C e n t u r y 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
446-242o A N Y T IM E 

S T A T E L Y C O L O N IA L New and ready for o ccu p an cy O rg in ta l design 2 story, 2 'i baths. S P A C E and L U X U R Y combined. Superb orea and location. Under 54o,ooo 
828-6343, eves 443-9596 
Cornelius 8 Associates 
STOP LOOKING! 
Vacont 3 bedroom, 2 both. 2 cor garage. P rivacy fenced, new con­ dition, g re a t n e igh b o rs, sm o ll equity Low monthly payments. 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Austin Hwy Otc 
75% STUCCO 
Paym ents only 43o3 on 7**% VA loon Large roomy 3 bedroom, 2 both, vaulted ce ilin g in fom ily room, dining room ond m aster 

DELI VIEW BEAUTY 

3 large bedrooms, 2 baths, lovely family room, new roof, in excellent condition. 
Assum e note or refinance 

V A or FHA. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

B Y O W N E R , T O W N V I E W E S 
T A T E S . 3-2-2. Stove, fenced. N S 
Schools, assum e 7% $4ooo equity. 
684-iv?; 

SPRING Rf DUCHON 
You will rave $6,9oo on this 3 bedroom home with a tora* oHk* for those who likt to work at home Kfduced to only $53,ooo so that your family con enjoy this. 
1oo% rock on over VV aero 
JBTBSoN 
3 bedrooms, orch hied hath, and 7 cor garage on large comer (of Is this what you've been looking for? 
We (us* put th* sign up, ond it won I lost long at $2S,ooo 
Us* your VA ond put nothing down on these beautiful homes 
Coll our professionol now of 
7364426 
DUNI! 
OWENS CO. 
RUUTORS— MU 
Jefferson Ofc. 

212 KOMIS NORTHWEST f 
212 HUMES-NORTHWEST 
212 HUMES-NORTHWEST 

L 

B v ow ner, T ow nview E sta te s. 
3-2-2, corne r lot, w rou gh t iron brick fenced, 2 patios, reasonable equity ond ossum e 7% 684-57o6 weekdays. 
684-8491 aft 
7pm-weekends_________________ 
C alifo rn ia C o ntem p orary 3-2-2, brick g la s s, sin gle livin g, fire- ploce, Charter Oaks 496-8538. 
CAU NOW! 

^EXCEPTIONAL 
BUY! 

Almost I SOO sq ft in this 3 bedroom, 7 bath, fireplore, double garage with door opener; ap­ pliances Immediate possession, Coll todoy to se*! 
BOB MCGINNIS ij 
REALTORS 
\3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

Be the first to see this immaculate 
3 bedroom. 7 bath in o very de stro b ic n e ig h b o rh o o d L a r g e fam ily room, covered patio, and an extra feature is a utility sewing room 
443,5oo 
342-4177, niles. 
656-o333. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
"Spacious'' 3-2-2 home with oil the comforts of country Jiving. Con v e n ie n t lo c a tio n 

3 ACRES 
HIU COUNTRY 
VILLAGE 
With secluded 3 becoom, 2 both, study ond gome room home el 
17x35 swimming pool Reduced ffor immediate sole Coll for de: 

349-1436 

ONLY I 
LEFT 

Must see this beautiful landscaped, 
I living oroo, 4 bedrooms, 2 oath home to believe located in prestigious OAK (KBC on extra lorg* wooded lot. This horn* features: woll to wed) carpeting, 
Bogie Chef oil electric kitchen, energy saving package, electric parage door, handcrafted wood burning hrepioce pius mony other extras. 
1615 COPPCRRELD RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
Coff mo today 
Jim Passed 
684-3112 

OPEN SAT.-SUN. 2-6 
TMUNDSmO EST ATB— 6oo6 WHITT CLOUD New furnished model by H P Orts Construction Co. Showing excellent volu# at moderate price $34,3oo Functional floor pion for moximum family useop interest, 1oo% VA or THA financing Superb sub division I loop 41o off CoOoghost Rd. between Band* 

8% f inside ndera ond Ingram Rood Call 
AAI. I TAA tnt further tUtoik 
WOODS Off SHAVANO— new home 1421S GOLDEN WOODS See floor planning and decorations that s truly outstanding by AQUARIUS 
HOMES. 2 living oreos, fully eqoippod J bedroom home with lots of style Treed year yard low SO'v 492-253o for directions 
LARKSPUR — Several new ond preowned homes being shown this weekend. Excellent sub division featuring club facilities, choice HE 
Schools, ond superb lorotion near IH 3S and loop 41o Price range from lew 4o s to mid SO s. Excellent financing available $1 move in 
VA! 7 good assumption oho will be shown Come to LARKSPUR AREA 
SAUS OFFICE on o Connor Road. 878-6343 for additional particulars or directions. 

8 2 8 -4 3 4 3 

& ASSOCIATES 

Iv a * . 6 5 3 - 9 3 9 6 o r 6 5 6 - o o 7 

 numerous to list. Over ' i acre o f 1 emoyment. 834-o171 

G R E E N M E A D O W Well m ain tamed brick 3 bedroom, 2 both, carpeted liv in g room , paneled den, built-in kitchen. W alking dls- 
E x t r a s too 
(once to N E. Schools Near bus 

W I HA VC ITI 
• New b id i Hemet en A*»- eoge 
• ireelhlvikkig VWw» 
• Wooded SH** tar M IY Aer 
• 4 Chok* NeiVh Cemmwwtties 
(ImtwBlng N**> treuntets) 
• Lew Tu n D W * *-*v N r- 

 living • 3 Car 
17oo Sn- 9* l» M 7,! 
Sn. Ti. Uvlng - 2 
• *49,75o. 
5*anh Th* Ho*** M n ib l Over m m cm! us, S w j 
C o 

492-1672 
658-o29o 
673-14o1 

 and malls. Priced $37,5oo. 494-7451 
A N Y T IM E 

R E A C T O R S 
ROSOW & KLINE 

A-A-A-i B A R G A IN No city loxes. 
4-7 2, carpets, appliances, North- side schools 
No down, 
$34o closing 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
696-472o 
R E A L T O R 
344 o936 
A BARGAIN 
E asy assum ption on this 3-2-7 in 
Forest H ills N orthside schools, built-in kitchen, 13oo sq ft John 
Gray. 496-533o 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

A L L B R IC K -N O DO W N 
Anyone on luxury 3-2-2 In Leon 
Valley. Beam ed dining, spacious liv in g , h u ge m a s te r, c lo se ts galore, much more Only 535,975 
828-45*5 
P no kos RHv 
654-o975 
A S T H M A S A L E , a real Bargain for the Knowieageable, Leon V al­ ley, 3-2-2 over 744$.a. Ft. 541,9oo. 
Assum e 684-8774 conventional 

C H O IC E H E L O T E S P R O P E R T Y 
56 Acres off Scenic Loop Place ] for horses, corrals, barns, sheds, secluded in the Valley. Spacious rock 3 bedroom. I bath, large liv­ ing ond dining with hrepioce. all electric kitchen. 6 Fish ponds. 
4175,oo4 494-7651 A N Y IIM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Yeors pl T R U ST 
C L O S E TO M E D C E N T E R 4 be d ro o m s, 2 bath s, la r g e liv in g area 526,5oo. Call now 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
C M. FURR CO. 
Sp e c ia tin g Northsido-733-7Ul 
COLONIES NORTH 
Custom built, beautiful d rap e s and carpet, 4 lorge bedrooms, 3 luxury baths, ? fireplaces, central neot-otr 
Call 
874-4521, nites 
674-o744 

Live Oak bv owner, 4-1-i, m assive rock fire p lace rn fam ily room , cathedral ceilings in fam ily and liv in g room s, extra large living room , c a rp e te d th ru o u t, N E school d ill Assum e or refinance, must sell No ogents please Coll alter 5pm and weekends 656-7821 
Live O d , bv owner, 4-2 I, equity and assume, 455-2o32. 

• 
133o OBLATE 
• 
Perfect Condition! 2-14-den Cen trot heal air Only 525.9oo D O N T 
M IS S T H IS Y O U ’L L L O V E IT ! 
344-3471, 341-o373 
BO B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

 bedroom intercom, self-cleaning ] A T T R A C T IV E 3-2-2. fire p lace , oven, p atio. 
P r ic e d rig h t, j living room 4 den, carpet, more 
Reduced to $38,9oo 
, 53; SSO Coll 
_ _ ___________________________ I 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
’’TERREII HILLS” 
AWE— FOLLY NICE 
Price reduced on this 3-2 spacious 1 T ru ly e x c e p tio n a l « b e d ro o m family home Lots of storage ana closet space Lovely bock yord 
822-31o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 
Terrell Hills, By owner, l l, living room with hrepioce. dining room, lorge tomitv room with D 'H a n is hie floor. Cent heat and window units, lorge lo! with m any trees 
439.4oo 
824-4197 
No agents 
Please. 
____________ _ 

O F F M C C U L L O U G H N o dow n paym ent, no q u a lify in g M o v e right in Only 415o mo. 415.ooo 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S 
T A T E 733-2918, 732 4355, 22o-91o4 
O F F O C O N N O R RO . 3-2-2. c a r ­ pets, air, fireplace, appliances. 
Nothing down. M ay Is l payment 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
*{*-477o 
R E A L T O R 
344-o936 
O F F S A N P E D R O . A ll b ric k 
1-3-den, with fire p lace , ran ge, d is h w a s h e r 
M u s t see ta a p ­ preciate Assum e or convention a l C a ll Ut. C H A R L E S W A T T S 
R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 737 5355 

T E R R E L L H IL L S . M eticulous I bedroom, 7' • baths with den and mo sic room, in a stately setting on corner lot Over 22oo sa ti. Call tor appt 
H U G H E S B B R IS C O E 
934 4331_____________ R E A L T O R S 
T H E G L E N - $55o it all the cash needed 2 la rge oedroom s. 1 'i baths, double g a r a g e , ra n ge , d ish w a sh e r. r e fr ig e r a to r , garbage disposal $275 mo Total price 43o.7oo C H A R L E S W A T T S 
R E A L E S T A T E 733 291o, 733 5355 

RED CARPET 
'.A R D E N K IT C H E L , I br boom . full carpet, corner lot. fenced 
1519,9oo 
R O SSI R E A L T Y 
494 7781 
G O O D A S S U M P T IO N 
|4 Bedroom s, 7 baths. cent. heal ono air G a s range, dishw asher, 
I dispose I 
575.ooo 
141-2222 
I Any time 
C e n t u r y 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A C T O R S 

Gooo BUY 
Im Windcrest. 3 bedroom, 7 both, sunroom ond hobby room 447.ooo j 24 hr 
Service 
654-4I31 
R E A L T O R S 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 
I KEY GROUP 
G R * I U ff’l f CE) 
* 
- 
IL AGE... " T H E " prestige oreo 
S c h e rti, h a t a beautiful, droom . 7 bath home with 
{entry, liv in g , d in in g , fa m ily rooms F IR E P L A C E ! 
>446,4oo 
R E A L T O R S 
65o 7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co 

,h a v e IT V f t u l IW V v i . w r 
Cony . or owner will finance at 8** with 4** dawn. This better than new 3-7 2 near Randolph is priced below VA appraisal Coil now tor appt to see 
828-81*5. R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 
HELP MUSI SEU 
Comeiot I. tarot 3 3 3. coronado 
Hoar plan Equity assum e 4258 mo owner 651 4555 p i 333 2133 
| 
HIGH ON A HILL 
Just Lifted. J bedroom . 7 bath double go toe* heme Beautifully kepi Lorae ti vino area Assum e m onth ly o o v m e n ts of 42o4 5o 
516,9oo Niahts. 455 OOI* 
446 3441 
D O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 

B l — 
- 
Rem odeling begun, priced se thai you m ay finish ta suite your taste 
O M brick, ala doors hi ceding*, hardw ood floors, fireplace with eld m an He, eft Please ion us tor details 834 3213 
Mane Sale HIH. Realtors u a u f y T O r e y g r n rt— 
Nice ) bedroom home, complete 
With ictrigerotar, range ond air k«enatiionmg Located oh Perrin tBOWoi RH tmh Thousand Oaks Or 
•Blist time ottered Only 523.5oo 
O L O F A R M ti 
Soetleselv clean e l l home with i la r g e den, sto n e fir e p la c e . I 
.privacy tented y ard and m any 
,4u*iom features Only 444.9oo as lam e Conventional 
F O X R U N 
• I the new 4 3-2 home with large fem ii v teem . fire place, form a* 
•pong Ona (lining room pH prick 
• (M n rnany custom features wily 
> 452 9oo reasonable equity 
Century 21 
•* 
W H IT E N S AO HOL IO A Y 
*3*1 7114 
R E A l IO R 4 

12734 S A N D P IP E R . U ke new. 
3-2-2. la r g e fa m ily ro o m , f i r ­ eplace. cathedral ceilings, fenced yard, covered patio Owner anx­ ious Equity and assum e 7% loan 
NIBLOCK REALTY 653 1873 
L o o k in g K a r E a r ly C e n tu ry lot. fenced I C h a r m ? See lo v e ly s p a c io u s 
I home, used as duplex, historical 
| area. Zoned O I, 441.4oo 
WARD REALTY 
696 1 &451 
M A T A ft'tH iJb f l i S H T H f A i d f 
No down anyone Clean rock front 
4 bedrooms. 2 baths, garage, den, living room , air, p rivac y fence 
] Custom rock barbeque pit Lorge polio Only 4217 monthly H urry! 
834 *5*5 
Priehos Rife 
o44-o47$ 

MCARTHUR PARK 
Bv Owner 232. oil brick, corner lot, p rivacy fence W ill finance 
442 4oo 7J3 $744 
M A I A lY B J R - f t b i l g e 
4 be droom 7 both home has form al living, dining room s Fam ily room has cathedral ceiling, fireplace! 
$49 SOO 
R E A L T O R S 
834 9431 

O F F SA N P E D R O 
4 bedroom. 2 bath. den. fireplace, plush carpet, cathedral ceiling, m ic ro w ave even. e le ctric k it­ chen. big lot. 349-65o3. o26-4*o1. 
Manna Worley Realtors 
O LO F A R M I Spanish Style 1-2-2 
Covered screened patio, wall to wall, ce n tral air, in le rc a m on limited access siree! By Owner. 
537.5oo Assum e s il t me 655 4442 
O N L Y 41oo C A SH tar closing is oil it takes lo buy this V t bain home in w a lk in g d is ta n c e et N L elementary lf has built in range and vent-o-hood. a |r conditioning, and fenced backyard Paym ents ab ou t 
521o 
C o il to d a y ! 
• 77-5Soo 8 i % 
A P R , 
14o payments 52o,975 fatal price 
E Q G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 
O P E N P L A N home has bolcony o v e rlo o k in g sk y lig h te d fa m ily room with fireplace! Living, dm m g ro o m s 
5 b e d r o o m s a ll 
L A E G E I ) 
2 c o m p a rtm e n te d baths1 all the extras, in Blossom 
Hills 
574.9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
o24-9411 
Guy Chipman Co 

O U R O B A L F E I L T H R O U G H ! I 
TIms exceptionally clean 3-3 2 has lu st beep p ie ce d b a c k an the mock et Situated an a quiet cut a * sac and convenient la schools 
Evenings Call Chuck 451-4451. 

 ana iw im m in gt A nd want to entoy tho E A S Y L IF E ? 
Then see this lu x u ry g a rd e n hom e! 
Exceptionally appointed proper­ ty Smoll yard for the la iv living ond a beautiful swim pool tor ex­ ercise and entertainment 445.ooo 
E A S Y A S S U M P T IO N ! 828-4141. eves 445 264o 
Cornelius SlUsaciales 
Bis Week's Special 
Transferred owner has lowered the price to 421.9oo Pretty os o picture 4 bedroom, J both on a corner lot Central heat and air. covered potio and other extros. 
Call 828-57o4 

 hom e in beautiful O A K G L E N p a r k . O utstanding am enities! 1 
442,5oo Please call' 
141-4491 
Niles 714-187. 344-16o3 
G E O R G E FLO O D. R E A L T O R 
B A B C O C K N O R T H . Convenient to U T S A -U S A A M edico! Center. 
Low cash assum ption Lovely 4 bedroom, I' > both, central heat air and appliances E a sy term s 
4245 per mo Will trode 
B O B O e PA O LO 
, 144 3o91______________ R E A L T O R 
B A R G A IN P R IC E D 
• UNO FAMILY HOME# 
Doable attraction Lovely I story brick, 1-3-2. d e n (F P ) Built in kit- 
1 th en 
P L U S m a tc h e d 5 ro o m brick home enhanced bv wailed patios On >« acre M ony extras. 
579.5oo 826-2147 Realtors 
Thelma B. Preissman 

B E A U T IF U L C O L O N IE S N O R T H 
4 bedrooms, 2' i both Large den 
Must see to appreciate *96-74o5 or 696-7141_____________________ 
B E A U T IF U L , l l. with sunken m arble rom an tub. separate bv- m g -d in in g ro o m , h u g e g l a s s enclosed, fam ily room with wet bor By opp? only 344-75o6______ 
J Bedroom hom e with ponding. built in and separate rental house. 
Only 422.14o R E International 
69* 21oo days, 227-2777 nitat. 

Turner Realty 

COLONIES NORTH ~ 
Large 4 bedroom home- on treed covered tot. Huge covered patio. one o* the best buys of the oreo 
Priced in the tow 4o’$. 
349 1535 or 349-5111, anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E ALTQRS-Lockhiti Seimo Otc 
D E E R R U N - T h is 4 b e d ro o m jewel m u st be seen to be op- orecioted Located near shopping and sc h o o ls, th is hom e h a s e 
I beautiful brick potio tor enter­ taining 494 5721 (A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET _ 

BELLVIEW 
Brick veneer, carpet, imm aculate i condition, l l plus den, w alking 
' distance to W onderland, fenced. washer and dryer connections i 426.5oo 
Van Buren & Assoc 
*84-7171 
696-589* 
499-oo66 

R E A L T O R S 5o Yeors of T R U ST 
122 H A BY. B E A U T IF U L C O N D I 
T IO N , 
C A R P E T E D 
O N L Y 
418.5oo I B L K . O F F B L A N C O 
RD. N iles 656 4578 B R E N N E R 
R E A L T O R S 344 3471____________ 
" HARMONY HILLS 
Altroeilve home in choice neigh- borhood 3 bedroom, 2 both, cen­ tral heat-oir, large covered patio. 
I p r iv a c y fence, g a r a g e , n e ar schools ond shopping. Ready to 
, occupy. Good financing. 539.5oo 
M O N T E V IST A R E A L T Y 
715 o485 R E A L TO RS MLS823-oo75 
HidaA-way 
- M E O -C E N T E R -U T S A — 
A m o u n ta in sid e fo r y o u r backyard' Exquisite. I bedroom, 
2 bath. Tri-level with balcony din­ ing room. Party sixe. cedar deck o v e rlo o k in g the (sitI co u n try . 
558.5oo 
See it by appointm ent with Vickie Lane, agent tor the ouilder. 
I 341-3154 
Nites 828 3491 
H ID D E N C R E E K 

A HONEY FOR THE 
MONEY 
Would you believe that you con own o 2 story, 3 bedroom, J'A both home euro all oppkonm, cnrpelina, balcony ond covered potio tot only 
$238 month ond equity of only 
$475o? Coll to see TODAY! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

 u 
349-1121 

LEON VALLEY AREA 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, lorge master, privacy fence and built in kitchen. 
Only 43,14o equity and assum e 7 
% % loan 684 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 

SPECIAL BUY 
O N L Y I L i m 

 ee^va large ereadad let 
3 bedroom, | borh home In gr*«Hgleu* 
Oak 
Creek. featuring woedbumtng fire­ place, all electric kitchen, walt-se* welt carpeting, electric garage doer opener end ell brick cora traction. 
Only $48,5oo 
Coll today 
' 
OAK CREEK 
684-3112 

E M S l H l s 

O F F B A N O E R A R D 
In Leon 
Volley 3-2-2, carpels No down lo anyone. 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
696 472o 
R E A L T O R 
64* 6169 

3 2-2, fireplace, greenhouse, many other extras S64.oOo. and 

5-4-3 BEDROOMS! 
34 BATHS! 
$79,5oo TO SHB,OOO! m INTEREST AVAIL! 
C e n t u r y 2 1 1 oak valley-oakcreek nwi 
TBS7o4 
R C A L TO R s 
451 *24o ♦ m odels open doily. MOCiOUS. 

O IO Y O U S E E T H E S U P E R 
S P R IN G 
R E D U C T IO N th at 
Oeome Owens, jefferson ho* lo save you 56»oo T O DA Y» 
DON'T BRING MONEY 
Bring your paint brush No down p a y m e n t to o n y o n e . 
3-4 
Bedrooms. 7 baths, same with air and ap p lian ce s P ay m e n ts le ss thon rent. 
BO B O e PA O LO 
144-3o91 
R E A L T O R 

. ENCHANTED FOREST 
L a r g e two sto ry , ra c k hom e, located near Churchill H S. This 4 bedroom. 2 'i both home features 
•lying room . fam ily room with fireplace, built in b ookshe lves, bolcony oft k m asu td m aster be­ droom And much more Priced at 
554.ooo 
Call today tor an aopomlment 

344-o2o7, o14-433o Anytime 

HIDDEN FOREST ESTATES 
W arm ond elegant spanish con­ tem po rary home. Heated pool. tennis court on 2 acres of trees 6 lorge bedrooms. 4 full baths, to­ tally eq u ip p e d kitch en . M a n y m any extras. 
$177,ooo. 
494 2143 
I 494-7711 
D O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
H IL L c 6 u i3 ? r y v i l l a g e — 
This could be the best buy in the I oreo. 3ooo sa It on 2 ocres M ony > e x tr a s 
R e c e n tly re d u c e d to j 
I 585.ooo Figure it out and then call 
I KortekWa Realty 349-3151 

HILLCREST PARK 
Super view from spacious 3-2' r. 2 car, den. e x t r a N IC E 
341 4455 
R E A L T O R S 
82**71* 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
L o ve ly executive hom e, only I year old, m assiv e sunken den. with won of solid brick surround m g fireplace, cath edral ce iling with beams, tomily style kitchen with large breakfast area. 4 be­ drooms. t separate with fait bain, 
2 other full baths, tty acre treed lot 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
1 
494-16o1 *94-3o13 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Lot* of room in this 3 bedroom hom e, 2 liv in g a re a s , ce n tra l neat-oir, 7 bonus rcoms, large tot. super buy, below $5o,ooo 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
4*4 1*o1 494-3o12 
H 6 L L Y w 6 6 6 ^ f » K Everybody has been trying for o listing like this and we got it! We re bragging about the 4 la rge b edroom s. 3 deluxe baths, great dan, lovely lot A charm er it you've ever seen 
I one 

LEON VALLEY 
L a rg e fenced yard surrounds 3 bedroom home with ballroom sue | den. F o rm al living, double gar age Assum e 57o7-mo 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 I 
« L IA N V A L L E V e e 
C le a n 1-2-2, lo r g e m a s te r be droom, central olr-heaf, nothing down to onyone! 515,975 
I 933-19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
LIFE DOESNT ALWAYS 
B E G IN , of 4o. Try 529,9oo Owner must sell this lovely 4 bedroom, 2 bath home with Hying room, large kitchen, privocv fence ond stor- age building located near UTSA, 
! u s a A and M edical Center Better call today! 
o84-433o 344-o2o7 Anytime 

Oft Tim ber ^reek. 4 -P > -l, air, ] stove, 
4275 to to l m o v e 
In, payments $245 
674-6126_______ R A E Reg! Estate 
O N L Y 537.9oo 
I buy* this super Shenandoah 1-2-2 with central heat and air, huge den, fire p la c e a n d c a th e d r a l 
: ceiling Call now 
B E A U T IF U L V IE W j from this Bulverde Hills 3-2-2 on I ] acre with covered patio, central heat and air and all appliances I 
Call todov. 
JU ST L IS T E D 
Lovely 3 bedroom , 2 bath with 
I ce n tra l heat an d a ir . la r g e { 
I covered polio ond tom ily room 
For only 532,ooo 
494-5571 
N IT E S 656-4189 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

OAK HULS TERRACE 
7 
Beautiful 3 bedroom. 2 bath home with 2 cor going#, large fomily room with mepkxe, sunken living room with brick ac­ cent val! ond covered patio for outdoor living One block from elementary schools. 

GERONIMO FOREST 

 large 3 bedroom, ? both, oil brick home on a corner lot over on acre in sue with mony beautiful trees lovely cathedral beomed family room with fvepkxe 
Over size double garoge Mony extras 

BLOSSOM PARK 

 lovely 3 bedroom, J'A baths, fully carpeted townhome with fireplace Nearly 16oo sq ft of living orea. Walking distance to tennis court ond porn 
ROB DETAILS AND VKVANG 
UU J424115 ANYTIME 
W ORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

OVER VzACRE 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Bandero Rd Ofc 

4 bedrooms, 7 baths ond parquet floors Architect's personal home 
P o p u la r, s p a c io u s H o lly w o o d 
Pork offers you gracious living. 
See this home today t 
349-4343 or 349-3515 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blanco Rd. Otc 
Owner, 32-2, Babcock North, liv- i ing-dm m g, den, drapes, carpet, cov potio. g a s grill, priv fence, i $32,5oo. 5253 m o 496-5191_______ 

TREIS! TREK! TREIS! 

Sutround and groce this northwest home with 3 btdrooms, 2 baths, 2 cor 

 garoge, lorge family room, central heat ond air, sprinkler system, ond 

LOTS MORI! 

BOB MCGINNIS 

I REALTORS 
349-1121 

JEFF AREA 

BO B ROOGfc R5 

£r Guy Chipman Co c e n tu r y 21 
M A ■ t U B N T IX a 'a u R f u l Tow n 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T 7*5 3 OSSO 
H ouse. 7 b e d ro o m s, 3 lu x u r y b o th *, liv in g ro o m l l ' X I* '. I sp a cio u s co u ntry kitch en with view of enclosed patio 454,9oo 
COH 142 12H A N Y T IM E 

I 
M 
M 
U 
1 

MEADOW WQOO NORTH vac on I 4 bedroom • I living area 
] • hrepioce almost new • earner 

 i M 
N O R T H E A S T SC H O O L S 
Easy assum ption low eautly - 8*. loon 
69o-9364 
347 428* 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 
| 
MONTE VISTA 
Splashes of color m ake each room com* olive in this unusual M odi lerranean slue ca 3 ar 4, 7' >, gtrs 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
H SA LT O N . 82* 6*7), Anytime 

 monte Vista’ 
) bedroom J bain double garage 
«i rh quo rf try Chai m ing English two story, 
543,944 
731 9747, 
828 5471 
S lr o u O a r N els o n B e p ity 

OUTSTANDING IST. 
On Wood Hallow in Bristol Place 
1 -1 'i - 1 b ric k on d a s b e s to s 
Monthly paym ent af 4145 at 7% 
•Merest, central neat and arr en cut do-sac 
Yan Buren & Assoc 
644-7171 
654-4448 
*9o 5896 

T H O U SA N D O A K S 
I This 3-2-2 offers comfortable Ily­ ina at its bos* The home toeing west insures cool onioym ent at the la rge co vered patio an hot summer evenings Chandelier* rn 
I e v e ry room . e x tra a u o tity i carpets, a h u g* F P in the tam r n far the pleasure pf lh* entire fo m ily 
O th e r e x tr o s o re too numerous ta list Call far details i 824-4171 
RED CARPET 
________ R E A L T O R S _________ 
T I C IN C A M E L O T ll 
Tender lev mg core is what this ) bdrm, J both home ha* received 
P r o la n d sc a p e d O b i g a r a g e 
Priced right Clean and near Bes! bay rn Cometaf ll Coll S I4 4 I7 I 
RED CARPET 
________ R E A L T O R S _________ 
U N IQ U E L A K E V IE W from tight bright home., vaulted te llin g s. 
S o iiiiio e n try, g e ld sh o o carpeting I cc dr on ms, 2 Lo'uv 
434.744 
R E A L T O R S 
458-7447 
Guy Chipman Co 

 frocious living, orgm iol designs, will trod* Out Vance Jackson. I mile from 41o 
Beanie Owens Co I 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S N. West Otc 

MIKE 
KINDER 
696B33o 
BLDR. 

B E H IN D N O R T H S IO C F E O 
M A R T 
I bedroom s. 2 't baths, tree house, air, carpets 528.5oo 
Bargain Terms 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
696-472o 
R E A L T O R 
349 9378 
B t G ’N B E A U T IF U L 
6-7' r-2 Big country kitchen den, 
P L U S 2nd fa m ily room 
17x18 master bdrm. B IG dress, walk rn 
I 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 ?5?I svo,' E R E N D A L A N I 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
Redttced for Quick Sale 
D u * lo t r a n s fe r , o m u st to sell— t h is beautiful 1-2-2 hom e 
Carpeted and air co ndition in g - 
Fenced Only 5J2.444 
Vernon S c A u c M 
6*4-1o*5 
Real Estate 
*84 4489 
E Y O W N E R , B a b c o c k N o rth . 
; 4-2-t, Fully cai uotoa. dishwasher, 
I range, disposal. Central heat air, 
545o4 
Equity. 
4751-Mo 
Coll 
4F6-478I 
_______ 

 tar 441,4441 I t oik about living 
• r a g ------444 sa ti ta the fam ily roam 
344 sa H rn the m aster bedroom 
...J fireplaces ... A N O 
M U C H M O R E ! Just listed Be lh* 
•irs! la sea 828 *341. gyps *51 95** 
Caninus 6 A ssate ! 

S IS !MONTH 

HO! ANO SPICEY 

Assum e this I S V A loan with J bedroo m s 
2 b a th s an d sin gle garage Lovely established Fair 
HeM Area Very neat and clean 

6$4 3oo4 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Pgrrin Ballet OIC 
MOST SELL! 
Gorgeous celanto I rn M enlo Vista 
4-4' i i Beautiful large Irving has fire place O v e r e a t # a m m a, Ii- 1 ororv with in aplace co ba not ana peal O ui pf law n aw ner w ants action' Call Ruin Fade* 
341-4144 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R P T A T E R E A L I O R S 

N A C C O at Thousand Oaks 4 I I, 
Only 8754 dawn. $214 ma 
J 4 J B M L 'V F M I i M A n i t i m . m f. I I I pH Brick assum e few t * r tgan gr rglm on cg m a n y ae 
I* t i - i i ! J-St&isffit m m i 

4-1-7. Over 2 o445a P l 4f Luxury I living for met ti vino an a dining ream, « ts af E x tra s carpeted, j m on y b u ilt in * 
P ir e ip la c * . screened rn poll*. E x c e a iio n p i ; landscaping W alking distance It 
E ic m 
Behoot. P r ic e 454.954 
Shawn by appl only »54 6778____ 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
M a c A rth u r area, l l p iu s Pen. | large yard. central heed ana air, ; assum e $154 54 per mo 
I ' »*• infer psf 
Van Bum I Assoc 
684-7171 
344-1444 
499 4464 
O W N E R L E A V IN G rn * d a y s 
M ake atter aa * 2 2. fire place. 
E a s y a c c e s s ta e x p r e s s w a y 
E gully ana 4115 ma N il* *44 5444 
Century 21 
TR.CO, ae th e r* ?** »49i 

 life MI IM S untgu4 living tree en •• moor ary with coffer taal am 
Ne «| baul ms and en construe hon Tau Mb# 

. 6 an Hr m agi pry brgpfere HHS pf Is 
’ lr a v spvgr cnnslru 
'M a d you dfe 
H i 
' M 
I K I 
* <f ah M I H S * Anytime 

NE Ad MAC A R I M U R HI 
I Bed* bums. I b am s aauOra oar a g * ce n tral b e a l a ir p riv a c y 
••nee Nice O M Hee Nee! carpal end paun Like saw AH im a m ■ eg u . g i'e o i* 
C a n 
C a t t e d 
}H 458 >H9 H d t f e U 
N E A S W IN D S O R M A L L 
B t l . per. gppligni.es. a * dawn. t i l l 

 ie# tnt I p e r i I t e m 
Beat i vfefe 6k* 42** 

WA y N I Si A T E B 
* « ♦ * ;» m i l i o r 
644*i*4 

St *,u n # Park ferpg egg lite s 
• feel* S II M B Cpu M I I t l l 

PERRIN PARK 
L a r g e S I I. m c * p lan . p e e l, privacy fence 
Priced la 
$*B 
535.4o4 
ROBI BAITY 
4147781 
POPULAR AREA 
Circle this en* ie se* iMtmacufgt* inside an d eel. I b e d ro o m s 
7 bath s, fir e p la c e , in te rc o m , p riv a c y fenced in sid e utility ream Live rn San P e a r* Hitts 
M .g 44 % does d 
IM 4143 or 444 31)1 Ady bm# 
Beanie Owens Co 
9h- 

 f H C l U sJii) fee buy balai• we btl wHb * teener targe 3 ft. bet a ten Bl Lpm png kanottign ie # gaudy now 
IH j K — 
_________________ 
Ufiiri bt nun n 
UUU RI UUU* u i M v l i f e I bedraam ham* >« keel l e n t i l H ills ig n ite ! ke p i air lr e lh i, painted, awner geem u* 
WW lease ndp ggtigb IP but 
144 eve 
C O M P A S S R E A l tV 
6*4 iff* M 4 H K 

VALLEY FORGE 
7 t% B ric k h e m * w ith eastern drapes. 3 bedrooms, I trams. 2 car gar aa* C R V af 434,l$o Tog cen amen can today far m ar* infer motion 
ASA-MOO Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Perrin Beilei Otc 
VALLEY FORGE 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
O(-lightful I badrogm 2 bath, with 
I 'arg* living area. beautiful ta r 
Pan kitchen large cavated parch 
Goad loan la assum e 
*24-o646 
R E A L T O R S 
82AJ46J 
SU E W E E M S A ASSO C 
KEY GROUP 

W HAT 
D O E S 
Y O U R 
W IF E i 
W A N T ? 
) bedr gem, I Oath. en a gut*!, j ii •• m adea yard, en sat* cut # * soc far children De you want law paym ents' We hay* ii rn Cameral 
I Can Grace- rules *55-2444. 
Century 21 
H AP R E H R *336182 Anytime 
W IL S H IR E T E E R A C E 
L arg e , 
< wan ) a* 41-1, central heal and I air unit*, new root an d paint 
Open terms 
341 4444 
R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPE! 

MNDCRESi 
4 bear earns J* < baths ann. cen tim vacuum Leis of extras 
)4 hr 
Service 
*53 t i l l 
R E A L T O R S 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 
KEY GROUP 
W IN D C R E S T rare* dan. com 
PWC* tasians gin gery large bd limn b> ewe la si foam tar m w bv 
,ng a m ,h e n e a r ly a v n a u h # *%n#i a n im soften*' (Mk 
Pbsgi SM I ME EM M m __ 
W IN D C R E S T 
Open hews* Sal 
I ## rn 
Bv an n e *, targe 4 bear nam 
I bath* Nu we. c sos# i aam ii.m g 
* aam i dip * dan w»M > a*M U ai 
( • lim a 
I n g a la * * a p p le * 
• rata k l 
S IA M * 
333 5114 or 
SLI fe ll 

 bv tw e e t , 
I 1 

B Y O W N E R 
B E A U T IF U L L Y L A N D S C A P E D . 
31-1. txinyifcd den. breakfast bor. split le vel, liv in g d in in g o rc a , : cathedral ceiling, sk yligh t, en . 
Ire n e * co u rtyard , extra la rg e covered patio, privacy fence en small Cul-De-Sac in Adam s Hills. near Lackland Kelly ond schools. 
S33.oo4 ay Appt Only 673 4534 
By O w ner 
Be autiful hem e, an earner tai 3-2-2. fireplace, excel lent lo c a tio n 
M o n y e x t r a s 
M ABoti. 44' o544 
B Y O W N E R , 3 bedroom, 2 both. double t a r o * * 
E ra u n sta tio n 
W est. law e q u ity 
644-3145 weekends or git 4 
OY O W N E R Clean J-3. aaa. Le* 
H $ area Cab 344-197* offer > to 
EY O W N E R , 4-7-1. canyenmnl lo mdifary oases, nor inside schools ond future super m all Fenced bock v a ra one co vered p olio, security bars, cen! heat-oir. g a r­ bage d isp o s a l, low eq u ity as- 
1 sum ption af 7% et V A lean, ar refinance 574,54o 4337141. offer 
B H B . 
BY O W N E R . Cresthaven Edition. 
L I I Delightfully Oeceroiea ond i oor dm ated nam and knout new carpet, custom drapes, kitchen 
- vmoocraB. MUSI So*, high $24 $ 

I ’o1 
R Y O W N E R 
D e llv i# * 
3-1 I. com pletely redecorated, la rge 
••need vara, Pu h i m kitchen one oath E xtro s Perfect lor young m arn gas retired coop** 521.444 
344-ll l f 
B v O w ner, P g re st G le n 3 v i , lara# m oiler fireplace carpel, 
534.944. (MU-4993 Privacy tented 
Bv owner. Fgregl Oaks. PM Erick. 
3 f-l. many extras 6B4 I I H 
I T O W N E R *3 i r a Thunderbird 
V illa ge a ssu m e eautly or pur- chose 53o.oo4 Colt ail 3 64* 4184 
Bv Owner, t me t story 3434 so 
M r t i aer • J alk I U T4A cam pus islan d kitchen wet bar, 3 ar 4 bedrooms, bos sunken din,** and 
• attune# M otto irs partially tm 
•mea with extra bath. fireplace 
Energy saving home #93 897* 
OY o W N C • 7 I I T a • «T~p a" a1, driveway semi lur nighed 4>S ?** 
Chorial wa n* RegHpr >31 f it _ 
E Y O W N S I Oak Hills f gripe# 
Tri LOVOI. A f t, h e te ro !* den 

 m m r n v u 
_____________ 
4 r awner EeWmg am a* Assum e 
7% toga AM brick 3 21 covered auii* large tomtit -a*rn CIM de soc a ga l tahr NM 443s 
^ 
B Y O W N E R t i l Sneaondean la ity t a r g e te d a .in g r a p y * r a v e rtB P a lm # u ld *# r g liltlr 
>n*g Walk .mg dMWmcv Mi U kAA 
Ere anynts mease si* (rag se# st#* 

E N C H A N T E D 
F O R E S T 
Gracious living awaits you in this 
5-2-2 with balcony o varlo o k in g family room with 2 story catling. 
P ro fe ssio nally lan d scap e d and large pecan trees in b a c k y ard I 
4*4-5221 (A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

E N J O Y F A M IL Y L IV IN G rn this spacious m oinfenonc* tree lawn nom e in p re s tig io u s H IO O E N 
C R E E K ) Bedroom I 1 i baths. I 
I living oreos luny carpeted C u s­ tom drapes 
544,54o 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 54 Yeors pl T R U ST 
S3,OOO EQUITY 
1 Fireplaced single Mvine orea plus 
I ta rm a l d in in g room . p r iv a c y 
; fence end utility room, AU tar only 
SIK IOO 464 72oo 
C E N l u MY JI Schneider R tally 
F IN E N O R T H S IO C 5 C H O L I. 3 bedroom , I *» both*, only $3oo down, Ne credit t, Ne problem I 
*22-1744. 474-754*. *73-4714. 

3*7 J H I 
R E A L T O R S 
*94 IQS* 
Hollywood Pom 
3 7-Den. tirAtace. contemporary 
Shakes roo! Too mony details for 
Ad Coll us 
Dixie Rose. Realtor 
824-7334. Anytime 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 

LIKE 5 BEDROOMS? 
4 M IN from M E D C E N T E R NW. 
Deer Run 427oo equity ossum es 
414.ooo al 7% (4164 per mo I Also 
2 story, terrific view at 531,7o4 
Wonderland Real Estate 
341 9334 
733-o43o 
342 5937 . 
LIKE NEW! 
, I bedroom. I bath with new heat I and air, new living room carpet, new w iring, new covered patio, new p riv ac y fence Convenient 
; locaton, IT S S H A R P ! $14,9oo 
681 1222. nites. 4*7 1111. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
I l ikfe r d L IV E 
I n 'T K T u Va 
1 S T A T IO N ? W e've got 2 12-7 s. both with firepioces. fam ily room, and lots of carpeting. Call today for detailsi 414-2341 
RED CARPET 
________ R E A C T O R S__________ 
LOW DOWN HOME 
; J bedroom, f 'j both with lorpe 
I fenced yard All appliances, re- I fr ig e r a to r , 2ox2o a o m c ro o m 
$74,5oo T H A VA 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 97o1 
M o n o J e ffe rs o n A re a , 4 -i I. 
F ram e house. 429.5oo, C all aft 
4pm 344-3811 or 141-1849 
M 6 f c r l g E L l 6 H S Y * --------- 
Hom ey, corner, I bedroom , in perfect condition, large living and dining, screened porch, pretty 
> tree shaded yord Only 528,9oo 
C L O S E TO M E D IC A L C O M P L E X 
Low tax area. lovely corner home with w orkshop 1-7-2, living and dun, ossum e paym ents under 521o or new loan Low JO $ 
G L E N O A K S 
> 2 beauties, bolti vacant and both 
; corner, I bedroom , 2 both or 2 with la rge den. shodev yard. I block from bus and stores A s same payments under $74o 

OWNER DYING to move to th* country, m ake this hom e h is own. 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, separate dining, detached garage. 
Jefferson oreo, only 
424,5oo 
Beryl Weigond 144-2341. 342-6444 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

3 lorga bedrooms, I both, 

 separate living ond dining 

 room, very low exterior 

 maintenance. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
. 3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 
S 
B 
I 

KEY GROUP 

FIRST UMI 
P e r S a l* in W h isp e rin g O a k s. 
C u sto m b u ilt c o n te m p o r a r y 
S normans living ond upper ravel lib r a r y h o ve d u a l fir e p la c e 
Vvparf# amin*, oaen stairs H od la upper p lay ream 
7 la r g e be- I droom s. g o rg e o u s d o w n s ta irs m aster, fens af extras. Ash tor 
Beth Tole 
34I-91BB A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
H O W AR D TATE R E A L T O R S 
Fore st Glen, 3 l l, stove, dis!!- 
I w asher, air, carpet, 434o fetal move in. payments 5295 
♦74*124 
R A E ( «oi c n o n 
F O R E IT O A K S Bv owner 
HOO s a lt 37 2 2 yrs old 52**4 equity 
A ssume 5327 per me Ne agent* i 6*4-7678 
F O R E S T O A K S, i v awner, im mac ural* 4-2 1. tor mal living, ara mg roam. fam ily roam with fire­ place M M are trees, lorge to*, lets storage, im m ediate gc cu aa n cy 
Must see ie appreciate 484 37*2 
7o43 Faros! Man! $45 94o________ 
F O R E S T O A K S 
AM brick, I bear gam, I baths. Obi oarage and rands* o p t* to benet ti on Neor seed Center with club facilities avaMaqra *56 13341 

You v t com * a long w ay baby. a n d you d e t o r v t the b e st! 4 barm s. 3 baths, with all th* beau tiful extras that 7*4o soft should provide for you. 824-o171, Niles 
454 8421 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
- M B K ? r M o 6 l i T 6' Y r c c c------ 
F o rm e r m odel home, lo v in g ly maintained 3 bedrooms. 2 baths, central heal and air, draped and corpeted 42* 5o4 
R E A L T O R 
4*1 11oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSO C 
■ E ^ - F j K 6 t ( A B I B 
I c To ;> siree! from high school. 2 story rock wit! need remodeling Coaid be 8 bedroom. 34oo sa ft home ar 
4 unit apl Priced to sell, Coll new 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
9144311 
R E A L T O R S 
J E F F E R S O N 
Fantastic condition, all redwood, 
) bedroom . 2 bath with sin gle g a r o g e 
L a r g e liv in g ro o m , se p arate d in in g H A R D W O O D 
F L O O R S thuruaut Only 517.544 
4F4F4o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S j t ^ ^ g i i o M i P f H T f u n u e 
CO. I bedroom ar (la d e n ), dram * 
; room, central air. corner tot 
51o,4o4 
W M A G N O L IA , sp acio u s J be­ droom. formal dining ream, love ly fireplace 12o,444 
ST M A R Y S U A R E A . 3 bedroom, f t bath, c e n tr a l h eat 
O N 
C O R N E R 521 54o 
4 B E D R O O M S . 7 both centro! air. near Lackland 434.55o 4)4 3)85 
Century 21 d o u g l a s T e a l e s t a t e j u ir m r r B r Th;; iv z r n z 
•to nally b e a u tifu l h em e in a park like setting with a H em en does view 4 Large bedrooms, I large baths (ane a club) Large kitchen with bum th ice m aker, e a rn in g co o k in g 486.75o C a ll 
341 111! A N Y T IM E 

NEAR MEDICAL CENTER 
Loaded with ch a rm One v e ry lara# living orea with cathedral ceiling, fireplace ond deluxe w#i bar. separate dining. ) bedrooms 
341-77o1. nile* 342 o879 Ask tor 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F F 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

N E A R 
W O N D E R L A N D 
Super clean, all ro am s ore sp a c io u s. 2 bedroom , don. se p ara te d in in g room , k it­ chen m ony cabinets, goragt. workshop V A F H A Call Oigo 

■ 
B r a i n 
H 
U 
M 
E 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
$32 31o7 
R e a lt o r 
473-o1o8 

 sJliJfc "N KW h S m E Spanish de sig n C u rv e d d riv e w a y en te rs o ve rsu e d double garag e 
Fully paneled tomily room 
1o4% VA 
Quick move rn First paym ent in 
M a y i I 834 4343. eves M i *41* 
Cornelius & Associates 
W E X T a U A B K f T----------- 
I l l hem e with study or 4th be d room 
E x c e lle n t condition, a 
,.,',<1 buy in this Medico! Center | location Convenient to shopping. s c h o o ls a n d re c re a tio n 
O n ly i 
43o 9oo ossum e Conventional 
T IM L E S S V A L U E 
Older 3 bedroom nome with fiord wood Moors, lorge rooms, formol liv in g an d d in in g room , la rg e 
{c o v e re d p o lio , fe n ce d y a r d 
I se parate g a ra g e O nly 42).OOO. open terms 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341 7114 
R E A L T O R S 
* 6 ' U 1 V ' 1 U U I i T T o TpeT' fireplace, no down, 
M ay 
Isl payment 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
494 472o 
R E A L T O R 
4o4 *1*9 

 no] OLD 
JUST EXPERIENCED 
This spacious home on ovor an aer# tread rat is in tm# condition and watting tor a vaunt lorn ny to h a rb o r o g a m 
I b e d ro o m *. 2 baths dan. big kitchen end lots mar# tor under 5o.o4o 
Con M * 1434 Anytime 

O W N E R T R A N S F E R R E D 
See to appreciate. 3 bedroom , I both home, Spacious don. newly rem odeled, lo rg e kitchen with d ish w a sh e r, a s s u m e o u r low equity of 535oo at 4213 a mo., 
N E ISD , 3111 Greenacres. 341-5831 
Oft 5; 3opm 
PANORAMIC VIEW 

B Y O W N E R 

D istin c tiv e e x e c u tiv e cu sto m b ric k , F r e n c h c o n te m p o r a r y , townhouse design, terraced rock, J * 
_ 
_ double lot (no cro ss), 27oo sa ft 
4 ) 2. sp ira l sia irc a s e lo enter toinment tori overlooking TO * 24 den, 2 upper JO' decks ottering panoram ic city view M any lux- I ury features, im m aculate cond! non Babcock Rd and L oop 41o I area 
4147 H IG H S IE R R A 
Reduced SIO OOO to 582.5oo 
By opp't, Owner, 494-2237 
P A R K F O R E S T 
Exceptional home, nestled under , the oaks! Traditional 3-2-2. O N E 
L IV IN G with fire place, lo rm a i dining Custom built ms. Loads of t 
Storogei 
M O R E from 
$58,5oo 
*94-98o3 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 
PATIO HOMES 
3-2-2 in Babcock North, handy to 
U TSA U SA A Energy savor, built in kitchen 53o.454, V A P H A E n c 
No**). ***-53)o. 696-2713 
- 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

P L A N T S N T H IN G S 
Will be happy on shuttered porch 
2-1. dining, big living room 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E o2o 1321 
P O P U L A R F O R E S T O A K S 
N e o r M e d ic a l C o n fe r, tar homey 6-3 2 with sh odev yard large family su e den. pius formol orcas Assum e tow interest note or now loon $43,5oo 
Also hove lovely 32 2 at 439 *4o 
C A N T E K F IE L O A R E A 
P ric e d for q u ick safe at only 
$29,9oo Love ly 1-3-3, la rge liv mg den orea Assum e low interest note with payments under 4223 
H U G E O A K T R E E S 
S h a d e s 1.4 a c r e s o u tsid e city limits on Bandera Rd Over 25 ooo sq M . 4 bedrooms. 2 baths, 2 fire places, modern home M any ex tras ond only 411,ooo 

> 

P R E S T IG IO U S C A S T L E P A R K 
...spacious, all brick home with I bedrooms. I ' > botns. bonus room and formal living, drama room s' 
Fam ily room with fireplace plus detached gam e room 2ox2o' 
542,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
4*4 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

P R IC E R E D U C E D ! 
G re a t buy, over 1*oo sa ft in 
F O R E S T O A K S Tree studded lot, fenced, with I bedrooms. 3 botns. 
Se p arate liv in g , paneled den, 
B O N U S R O O M 2 V a c a n t. Now 

GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 
PSSSTT 
GOTTA MINUTE? 
Come toke o look pl this 2-sfery 
C o lo n ia l c h a r m e r in p o p u la r 
Northwest oroo A2-2 with family room, huge covered potio. and an oak tree that * at least IOO years old. All on a corner lot 441.9oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
S chneider Ropily 
64* 7 too 
M e e d For Quick Sale 
Lovely Hollywood Pork Cont*rn poi or y 33-Oen. fireplace, sopor- ate d in in g, sh o ke roof, tre e s 
Many extros OIA 73)4 
Dixie Rose Realtor 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

■ F O R E S T O A K S 
B V O W N E R im m aculate * I I. an brick, My m g dining don. fireplace, m any extras 543.544 4*1 4*1* 
For Sate Bv Owner 
Exe cu tive typo, ca slam guilt kam e Waiver sity H ills, n e ar U Y S A , la i g c 
• aouad rat. circular a n y * tour ir a i# entry 3 kedraaai ) pain built ta devote even ra n g* pisa w asker. d isp osal co ntrol heat and air. targe utility ream wife washer pryer nook ups spoken liv in g i gem g a * fa m ily ream 
(a th e argi callings, m agnificent fireplace ch arm in g m is fg r t et 
(ack. woad pan •an a. u n t i l gad w arm brawn c a ia a fia g tar a g a l w rought n o n c h a n d e lie rs a n a custom a< M a s rem ain 
) palm s gap a sendee* ideal tai pi ae * house Lew 45* s Shawn bv bdtH 
•aly *o5 93o6 
___ 

C O R G I O U * ALL b l i i C K 
I I I rn 
Lean VoKet IS M A a a n MSA ma 
J ( t i . M H T U l t im & » * » » » » 
Pi 
$ I OL*# Mi Ait* 
Life t»«4 !•##$%% •*«<%% 

LAND H GRAND 
Unusually large fet supports git prick I baar earn thai sparkles Mkt a am m ono L a rg e beam ed Ben lorm ai living ond dining M id M s 
S A N D IS O N MB AL TV 
*99 9 2*1 

 l a m t n c n v 'n e m T a r r y 
A R C A R e c e n tly re d e c o rate d , new carpet now appliant#* and i. ani h i tut es 5«aargle living ana 
Em m a loom Fam ily roam with bar ana 9tr#piac« I Bedroom *. 
I ' i battse Oat * i?3 oO4 Bl* Gift 
A N Y T IM E 

INC R E A L T O R ! 
5 i u e i n r u w 

FACTO RS lf 

T t m n r o m r r 

Elegant English Tuffet rn prestige argo I story, with 4 bedroom *. la r g e g e m * room . I ' i b a th s lo vely healed pool 497 *44 
U k A l I OR 
*91 1544 
Century 21 
S l A I N t L U D W IG A ASSOC 
MBI SAKS! I p 
Loco'vB a p a r u p ila te ly in Rn 
,nam ed Forest It m ay OB 7 years 
•ta bvt m a** tike new B ip o d new cai toting, b a in i t s G a t o r * * 
M ic r o w ave oven e lf 
4 I J, 
Mr ic eg rn *4 s ie* I t l l ar 34* I I M Anytime 

(O V E R HOO o4o1 

IO A C R E S W ITH L A K E overlook m g entire city Lorge well m ain lamed older home. pool. kennels ond oal-buiidtngs N E St hoots 

S E C L U D E D C U S T O M C O N T A M 
P O R A R Y in M a r y m o n t p ro a 
D ecks ond patios surround aor aeoas tree tor rn pool V e rsatile ond unique alan includes exercise room, loti, ond ckitdren s playr oom hr ai hor* available upon rogues! 

2 A C R E S W ITH G O L F C O U R S E 
V IE W 
4 be d roo m s, 3<» botns 
Outside deck att living and formal dining roam s C near tut gourm et kite hon brook tost area overlooks stone patio ond aa*don 

C O L O N IA L E L E G A N C E 
5 or 6 b e d ro o m s p lu s q u a r te r s 
B i* country kitchen, graciou s Itvma ond bonawol SUO d in in g room 
I t i m id cathedral ceiling in den 
New ever su e d pool Exc lu sive 
Castra Huts E stales 

B L U F F V IE W S captured from a lm o st o v a ry room D o sig n o r guilt end decorated * bedroom. study, gam er oom. gaol ond le a r garage Holly wood Pork 

C U ST O M S P A N IS H erase IO Mea 
Center and U T S A . 5 bedroom s pius study tai ae pool ono sound lovely covered polio, sun deck ond rack patio on I tree »luOd#o rara 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K Over 4944 sa H rack contemporary on rara* c ut do sac rat wife room for pool and tennis coart 

C L M C R E E K indoor outdoor ny m g a ith g la s s , w ood h ig h ceilings. } bedroom s one stogy 
Jena Air ( M a r in kitchen 
C A L L 444 4227 

 t her m ing Im Mea lion ) I. sapor ll# Ms m a d in in g (aam centre seat a n P in e d tow XI % tar qu>< lute 1)4 111) 41* 444* 111 3*7 i i i a tli, ira i it* 
N un Si b MI. RciRurs 

A rm strong Co 

PRESTIGE I OCA! IOU 
Y o u r a e r ie et te m e rrp w can b«gm with pus rave?# Custom buat 
I b e d roo m bom # ta t s t t a e iv t 
Castra Mats Terrace Form at bv 
-»g loam. separate drama roam, lei pc Pan witk fir opiate, P L U S ravels btbtata room See this o a t ’ ie* ase* 
Grace Arnold 
K E A L IO M I HALS 

R O L L I N G R ID G E 
4 bedroom. 7 bath homo ie shag carpeted has formal living room Fom ily room with boom ed coiling, fire p lace ' 
544,94o 
R E A L T O R S 
4*4 4411 
Guy Chipman Co 

R O O M TO S T R E T C H 
Over 27o4 sa ti with fermai Itvtng a re a s. 
G R E A T 
R O O M w ith 
F IR E P L A C E , h u t * t a t in k it ­ chen! 4 bedrooms. 3 baths, double g a r a g e , fr e s h ly p a lm e d ! IN 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H S43.5oo 
*9**4o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 
SA V E Y O U R C R C O IT 
Lei me buy your low equity or assum e loon on 3 b e droo m s, 2 baths in northwest San Antonio 
Will consider duplex. 4)4 4)4o, 
Otter noon 
SHAVANO PARK EXECUTIVE 
C u sto m b u ilt 3 b e d r o o m s , * decorated baths, fe rm a i liv in g a n d d in in g, fa m ily re a m p lu s large gam e room 2 fireplace*. peal Complete b u rglar system , sprinkler system end m any ex­ tras Found only tn the best et homes 5159,o4o Niles. 424-9354 
49* 7711 
DON JO HN SO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

SIM M S HOT BUY in s p ir a tio n 
H ills o re o im maculate ob brick 1 1 1, paneled den, 2 ell blo baths, largo burao room, drama room, cor pated and drap ed C e n tra l heat ond air. covered patio BaauMtvi troop lot 
A lso 5 oedroem , 2 baths, den 
43* *44 3*1* Mohegan Open IO tilt dusk 
737-7942STE VE M A R TIN 713 o623 
SMART BUYER? it veu ate and yea r* rooking tai a 
I bedroom. 2 both with a earner fireplace tor only 433,94o. 5 B E 
TH IS I Form al dining room. utility room, privacy fenced yard, on a cut de sac it t N eat! *81 I I H . nile* 492 IM ) 
B IL L S O U T H E R N r e a l tot* 
SO CONVENIENT! 
T * * * m an y g la c e s ! M e d ic a l 
Center Southwest Research air eel ta *14 excellent sc neats This lovely 3 bedroom brick homo in fx c iv s iv t Charter O a k s h a s so many tint features, tot as tau you about them 
164 |)44 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L )_______ ' 
~ ST A G E C O A C H H IL L S 
Approx l l acres 3 f t I. trees, rats et saace tar horses IS * *o4 
♦66 6167 b Ie iter 
B i goer eel 1**1 
S U N S * I h'il l s 
B i l i o nu* I b e droo m 
I bath name Contr#! heat an# bm cam pl#late rom oaotod kitchen with micro way# SM-444 
B E A L TOR 
Btl DAB 
Century 21 i t A m t i s * { ■ , -* t 
A ‘ * 

^ 

212 H IM S H D B T H H S I 

SUPER BU Y 
B Y O W N E R . O A K M E A D O W 
B eautiful, la rg e 2-story, 4-2-2. 2 y r old home. L a rg e co rn e r E x tra s galore. E xcellent condition. O nly 
$63,9oo. 492-2924_________________ 
SUPER FLUSH! 
T his garden hom e is orotession- a liy decorated to the epitom e of elegance. P rice d w e ll below die other homes in the area. 3 huge bedrooms. 2 baths, and w a it until you see Mid fa m ily room In Ooh 
H ills. 
349-5111 o r 349-353$ A n ytim e 
Beanie Owens Cn 
R E ALTORS-N. C entrol Ofc 
T B IR D V IL L A G E L o ve ly 4 be droom (a ll w a ll to w a ll caroeted) 
2 bath home on a la rge corner lot w ith p a tio , f a m ily ro o m , o n d m any fru it-b e a rin g trees 
434-2341 
RED CARPET 
I 
_________REALTOR S__________ 
THE SU M M IT. BY OW NER, 3-2-2, fire p a c e , custom b u ilt, custom d ra p e s, c a rp e t, b u ilt-in s . la rg e p an try, self cleaning double oven. priva cy fence. 696-2672. 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

ON W.W. WMT! RD. 
Approxim ately 9 aero* in Mw city Includes rwoswonty heme. 
2 or 3 bedrooms. 2 baths, spacious living-din log combi­ nation w ith fireplace. 
A l­ ready appraised at SAO,OOO. beautiful home and good in­ vestment. 
HIGHLANDS 
New listing near bus. 
3 bedroom w ith fam ily room, largo living - cf bination, carpet, air, single garage 
532-5245 nile 333-39*1 

D E A N IE 
OWENS CO. 
RIALTO*-MIS 
S. IAST OK. 

218 HOUSESSOUTHWEST 

T H E Y V E D O N E IT A G A IN ! 
Students in Northside I S D have b u ilt a new h o m e w ith 3 be broom s, 2 boths ond a firepla ce in the fa m ily room. WOW! 
$39.87$. 
REALTOR S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

TO W N V IE W E S TA TE S A ttro c five 3-2-2, 1oo% b rick home w ith 2 patios, fa m ily room , and located on a large lot ond quiet cul de sac. 
434-2341 
REO CARPET 
REALTORS__________ 

Excellent income p ropertv. 7 unit apartm ent building, fu lly furn ished , sepa rate m e te rs. 
Call Olga for details 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
673-o1o8 
147 G ALW AY, 3-l-CP E q u ity and assume. (B ill G oodwin) Lennard 
Realty, 734-6766 

TRIPPY TRI LEVEL 
L o c a te d in b e a u tifu l S eneca 
Estates on large lot. 3 bedrooms plus hobby room or office V ery 
-unique lloorplon 
Call now. 
684-72oo 
CENTURY 21 Schneider R eally 
TW IN C R E E K 75% b ric k 4 2-2, c o m p le te ly c a rp e te d , d ra p e s , range, dishw asher ond garbage disposal. Only $34,ooo. .141-4484, 
REALTORS 
RED CARPET 

T w in C reek 3 2-2 b ric k , la n d s ­ caped. m ony features, $269 mo., take 2nd tem. 684-o892__________ 
Tw in Creek, 3-2-2, tike new. m any e x tra s 
M ake o ffe r on e q u ity 
681-o372 oft 6pm ond weekends 
UNDER 8o 
IN CASTIE DUIS 
L u x u ry liv in g w ith g ra c e ond c h a rm s u rro u n d in g you B ric k tra d itio n a l w ith 3 o ve rsize d be­ drooms, q u o te rs , lovely kitchen, huge y a rd w ith m ony sp le n d id trees 
Shown bv appointm ent only 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
ReoUors-NE Loop ole 

Highland H ills, 3 bedroom s, nice, 
$76o move in M ay paym ents $17$ 
474 6126_______ RAE Reol Estate 

H IG H LA N D P A R K . V o ca n t, e x tra nice ond la rg e . 3 b e ­ droom , coun try s ite kitchen , central heat-air, garage VA- f h A Call Olga 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

LARGE FAMILY'S DELIGHT 
Tou will love this luxurious 4 bedroom. 2'/t bath home with firoptoce ond its own 28x39 heat ed pool Carpeting thtuout and fully equipped kitchen. 
Open 
Terms 
DON T WAIT 
See this spacious 3 bedroom home in Valley Hi I block from elementary school Equipped with range, refrig, torpel ond fenced yard Buy under VA of SI 7,3oo 
LOW EQUITY— LOW PYMT. 
Cleon 
3 bedroom home in established area neor school In dudes rouge, refrig., carpet ond fenced yord 
Early occupancy 
Only SI9,SIS 
HOME AND INCOME 
Hew duplex in Hentoge Form neor Wilton) Hall ond lackland 
AFB One unit has 3 bedrooms ond 2 baths; the other unit has 2 bedrooms ond I both Bedrooms and living areas are fully carpeted Kitchens ore equipped with ronge, dishwasher, disposal and refrig Good income poten bal 
FO* DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CAU 673-5oS3 ANYTIME 
W O R LD W ID E 
REALTY 

WILSON CO. 
FlOtfSVIUf • large 3 2, 2 fire places Other extras $68,ooo a 3 2 
2 brick, lorge lot. I2So sa ft Hying area 
Other extras 
$39,5oo 
• 
Several lots laVERNIA • 3 Acres just off Hwy 
87 Restricted Only $5ooo for oil 
STOCKDALE • 2 bedroom (possible 
3) I bath Very attractive Must see this one A greot buy at $22,ooo • 
Older 2-1 home close to stores. 
$13,ooo 
ACREAGE u SO Acres, stock Conk, 
4o% coastal. 2 mi oft Hwy 181 $7oo acre. • 37 Acres, stock took, 6 mi HE of Stockdale $7oo ocre. A 6 to 37 
Acres, priced according ta amount wonted Just east of Stockdale • 6 
Acres on Hwy 123 about 3'/t mi HE of Stockdale $1o5o ocre • 2o3 Acres of hunter's paradise SW of Floresville. 
Only $475 ocre. • Other acreage 
Ask for Joyce 
I-3 9 3 -2 5 9 * 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

 rn Al TOR 
•ACROSS TltOM COK* TH OUST' 
1419 Third - Flore*villa 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
673-o1o8 

H IG H LA N D PARK on G reer, lo rg e 2 bedroom , cen tro t beat and o ir, 2 c a r ga ra q e 
Buy equity ond assume. 
R E N FR O R E A L T Y 
622 3363 
H IG H LA N D S BEST 
Beautiful 3-3-3 on golf vie w w ltb too many e xtra s to m ention. Call for details today. 
Ioo°c PERM ASTON E 
Love ly 3 bed roo m nea r schools aud shopping in H ighlands area 
VA appraised $17,5oo Call Jim . today 
$32 3252 
H ITE S 337 4823 ! 

MEADOW VILLAGE 
Nice comer lot goes with this beautifully maintained 
3-2-2, lorge hying, family rooms, fully carpeted, much morel Assume 
7% note of $236 mo with equity oc refinance 
NEAR LACKIAND-KEIIY 
Assume LOW payment of 5142 mo with LOW equity ond you hove 3 bedrooms, Imge family room. mony, mony extras! Call for details 
REALTORS 
6 74-3552 
HODSDON A ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

GOOD BUILDING SITES 
ON THI GUADALUPE 
ARI HARD TO FIND 

We have several, each with a high area for building and each with a gentle slope to river. 
From 
SI4,ooo. 
8%, 
12 year financing available. Highly restricted. 
Call for 
Ap­ pointment to see! 

HBG REAL ESTATE 

733-13o9 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 
E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
F r i d a y , M a r c h 4 , 1 9 7 7 
Third P a g e ! 

MEDINA LAKE ARIA large 3-2'/j-2, huge wood burning fireplace, loads of carpet 4 room guest cottage ond 2 bedroom modern mobile home 
Ap proximately 2.5 ocres of fenced, heed kind, 2 we Us ond water softner Boot storage with direct lake access Ideo! winter or sum mer estate located on paved rood in popular resort area Hites 656 
8718 
DAY OR NITE 
655-6848 
ID 

 m a r t a n s o u t h w e s t 

 r e a l t y 

232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 

 d r * * * * * * * * * * * * * . 

* 
BY APPOINTMENT ONLY 

Showcose your horses now on this 3o ocre comer ond sell by the sq. ft in the neor future 
4ooo sp ft 4-2'/» home, 2 rock fireplaces, lorge den, office, study, etc Wrought iron gate ond rack or th way entrance go with the excellent fencing Over 
2ooo ft of frontage at major in tersectkm lonk which con be 

232 FAWNS MID BJU8CHES 

WANT TO BUILD 

That dreamhouse on Vc ocre with trees and a view, too? 
Call today for more infor­ mation on our listing in 
Stagecoach Hills. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

MO acre*, E cent, utilitie s 
648-333oLG RIPPS R LTY *48 o441 

2o' J A cre*, 77 m ile * east of San 
A ntonio, on IM IO $1S,ooo to ta l 
Call 
$ -7: AM and 8 12: P M 
736-6417 
_ 

IS ACRES: 3 m r out of City lim it* on IBI So. SI SOO per acre, eo*v term s 924-6666, 423-1932 

BEST U H LE RANCH 
IN KERR COUNTY 

367 Acres, excellent grazing for stock, 4 postures, good fences, deer and turkey Comfortable 2 bedroom ranch house. Perfect retreat or home Excellent finon ring. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
INC. 
P.O. Box SI 
Ingram, Texas 78o25 
PRONE: (512) 367-531* lucille Hogan (512) 367-233o 
Deane Smith (512) 367-5592 
In# a Ii WemheiiiiBr iwWW rf vintivfi • if I 
(512) 257-3o9o 

3 Acres 16mi South of Loop 41o. 
Old Ptasasanton Rd. 69o-oo38 or 
696-5182 
____ 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
W A K E F IE L D REALTO RS 
LIKE NEW 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, redecorated in side ond out. c o m p le te ly c a r peted. central heal. 

BOB B IL L A R E A L ESTATE 
$34 88o8 
333 1468 
333-1764 

N E A R 
R IG S B Y 
A re a l c h a rm e r, 4 b ed roo m , stove, r e fr ig e r a t o r , n ic e y a r d . fenced. V A -F H A Call Olga 

VIEW AND LoT(S| 
Horses perm itted, priva cy w ith a view of the volley Collomol style 4 b e d ro o m , 2 ' j b a th . S e c lu d e d a mono m any oak trees C ustom drapes w ill stoy. Covered patio . 
L o tt*) more, and onlv $57,25o 
J49 4343 or 349-353$ A n ytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Blonco Rd Ole 

W A L K T O 
C E N T R A L P A R K M A L L 
Lovely 3 bedroom . 7 both hom e lu st I block fro m the m a ll 
A ll b r ic k w ith liv in g , d in in g a n d fam ily room * that hove received much tender loving care. Call for additional detail*. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS_______ 
W ELCOM E—O PEN HOUSE 
BY 
OW NER—W E E K E N D . 
I to$pm 
F in e re s id e n tia l a re a , w ith in 
.w a lk in g d is ta n c e to s c h o o ls , shopping, tra n sp o rta tio n 3-large bedrooms, living room ond d tn in roam b u ilt in k itc h e n , p a n e le den. central a ir ana heat P ric e 
S29.7So Ptease cell 73S-SSo4 

WHISPERING OAKS 
A ttractive 3-2 on a tree covered tat G ame room and w o rk s h o p , nice fam ily room w ith fire p la ce 
W a lkin g d ista n ce to s w im a n d tennis club. 
$63,9oo 
N iles 
341 1962 
344 3o78 
DON JOHNSON. RE ALTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
673-o1o8 

O F F P E C A N V A L L E Y , o ld e r home. 3-l-carport, la rge tat. only 
$18o month. 
67S-169t, 674 1777, 
623-572o 
PO IN TER R E A L ESTATE 
• •• •O n K o e h le r Ct. Clean 3 be ­ droom $16,97$. N othing down to anyone' Hablam os Espanol 
923 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A LT Y 
ONLY 1 LER 

N E A R L A C K L A N D , Id e o l fo r sm all fa m ily w ith sm all budget, 2 bedroom tow nh om e w ith I bath and double c a rp o rt, c e n tra l a ir and heat, and a pp lia nces. O nly 
$87o e q u ity a n d ta k e o v e r paym ents of $148. 474-5411 
RED CARPET 

N IC E o ld e r ho m e . 3-1-den, no d o w n , $18o m o n th . 67S -1 69I, 
674-1777, 623-572o 
P O IN TE R R E A L ESTATE 
NO DOWN P A Y M E N T $ISS mo 3 bedrooms, $2oo fo r m ovein. 
W AY N E SLATER 
696-472o 
R E A LTO R 
344 o936 

5 ACRES near Helotes, good well, fence, tree s, e le c tric ity $2o,ooo w ith $4,ooo down 2o yrs at 8'»%. 
69$ 89o5, 695-32o5. 
3 ACRES NEAR IH-37 and 1518 
$1oo down. $$5 mo Wooded, U til. 
I 779 4752 

NEW UKE ADDITION 
BOERNE AREA 

4 Homes complete Will discount- to get this aren moving Shody ooks with view 2 ace on rushing spring fed creek 
Imperative tnot these turn fast due to limit ed finances Will Deal' let s talk! 
Hove in now! 3 And ♦ bedioom, 
2o minutes to UTSA ond Medical 
(enter 
Call collect: 

(1) 249-2382, 249-2764 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS lake facilities and boot ramps near by. Panoramic views, mony large oak trees 518oo per ane and up. Sell 3o% below market value. Up to 15 yeors to poy at 
8% 
For appointment Call 
4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 
1 - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

LA K E M C Q U E E N E Y , Owner fin anced. s p lit-le v e l 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b o th , c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, c a rp e t, d ra p e d 
$35,ooo t-S S 7-59tt. No agents please. 
M E D IN A LA K E 
W ont to sell, lease or rent your propertv? Call os 
695-8811 Watson & Son 1-751-28)1 
M E D IN A R IV E R F R O N T A G E o v e r 333 ft. r iv e r fro n ta g e . 3-2 home, central heat and air. Beau tifu l trees, m ust see to appreciate. 
484 4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 
M lJ it if e L l BV 6\A 7nT r- ' House in Siesta Shores on Lake T ravis. J blo cks fro m w a te r $25,OOO 
A ll fu rn itu re in c lu d e d . O w n e r w ill fin a n c e at 8'?% 
C a ll 828-3SS1, 
Ext. 2o3 or 459-113$. 
Q U A L IT Y 
6 V e rlo o k .n o 
Canyon Lake , 39oo S q .F t. tu rn 
5-acre H illto p . Pool. P rin c ip le s only $98,ooo 512 899-7919 

 lf. enlarged 5-8 ocre kike in your backyard 
Overlooking down town skyline 
$275,ooo with terms by owner 5% to portici paling brokers 

LAND LOCATORS OF 
TfXAS 

SJL. 667-1154.667-1333 

I 
» 
* 
* 
* 
* 

| 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
+ 
* 

* 
* 

A 
- * * * * * * * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

SWT FARM ft RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATELY 26oo ACRES H E 
LA SAILE CO With Trio River hon tage 
2 nice mobile homes. 
Garage, hunting stands, numerous smoH fields Excellent hunting and fishing Small por­ tion of minerals. $365 per ocre with good terms 

41* ACKS UL SAU! CO. V« 
Mile Hueces River frontage, 5 miles West of Cotulla. 18o Acres irrigated farmland, nice house overiooking small lake. Excellent hunting and fishing with mony good improvements VS minerals. 
A real showplace 58oo pet ocre with good owner financing l f ! PETERS - 
I — *79 2759 
P.O. Rax 563, Cotulla, Ti. 
7*o14 

238 
SAU 

COMMERCIAL T ^ ^ n t y j A R T IF IC E SPACE FOR HASE 

SUPER 
LO C A TIO N 

Just over 2 ocres Ramsey 
Rood, oil utilities, zoned o3 and Bl. PRICED RIGHT! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R E A L T O R S y 349-1121 

/ 
WILSON COUNTY 
113 ACRES 
All in Coastal Bermuda 
12 if- rigatoni well; irrigation and hay making equipment; 3 bedioom brick home; 2 lorge hay sheds; nice stock pond, stocked with fish Ideol for registered cattie, quarter horse, dairy, or hay farm operation. 
Financing available 
Call O.N. Prater 
Wilson County Realty 
OMC#: 393-6141 
M obil. 393-6913 
V 
Ba*; 393-6143 
^ 

LANO OWNERS 
We have a1 present a list of Texas 
, V ets, who h ave re c e iv e d th e ir app lica tion (quick sale), looking 
1 for land North of S A It von are interested in selling, please give us a coll 
LAND LOCATORS OF TEXAS 
S A 667 11S4. 667-1333 
; IO m inutes north of Son Antonio. 5 
I acres, 558oo. fin a n cin g a vailab le bv ow ner. 534-8876 

5 ACRES 
Near Somerset. C ountry livin g ot 
I ifs best. Have garden and some c h ic k e n s and b e a u tifu l tre e s . 
Cecil O rrick 
Don Smith B rokei 
735-8ooo 
16 acres, No Down paym ent 
IO m ile s SE S e g u in , u t ilitie s , wooded, m o b ile hom e OK, hw y frontage W Rose I 779 4752 

-LET A - 
R E AL ESTATE BR OKER 
Buy or Sell for you Call 
226-8357 
342-9338 
344 9424 

NO DOWN TO VET 
Im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m hom e, paneled den, stove, re frig , la rg e fenced ya rd , p aym ents cheaper than rent. See it today! 
BR IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o) 

O NLY 516oo E Q U ITY 
Lockland T errace, bea utiful 3 be d ro o m , 2 b a th hom e w ith den, carpet, central a ir, workshop, and m uch m ore! Coll now 
BR IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

2 Room House, close to K e lly and 
Lockland 
A F B . 
4918 
F rid e ll. 
735 4581 
___________ 

JA Bess 
Real Estate 

19 A c re s o ff IH 1o E a s t. 
U niversal 
C ity. good 
658 3396 

N e a r land 

5 Acres, 4oo' on perm anent creek, huge trees, 7mI Canyon lake. Jim 
Ashley Realty 22P7774 
IO A cres, p le n ty of oak tre e s , com pletely fenced, 14X7o’ m obile home, double c a rp o rt. 2 b a rn s, green house, w o rksh o p U tility room 688-35oo________________ _ 

A t f ir s t th e re w e re m o n y, now we've only one of these beauties left 3 bedrooms, w ith central heat a n d re fin is h e d in s id e a n d out 
Find out why, this is such a good deal 

BOB B IL L A R E A L ESTATE 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
333 1764 
••• •O n P re s tw ic k . 3 bed roo m s, 
$17,75o No down to anyone! Hob lamos Espanol. 
973 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A LT Y 
OWNER SAYS SELL 
3-2-1. otr and ce n tra l heat. cornet ond all the e x tra s C a ll and see what a deal you can have. 

BOB B IL L A R E A L ESTATE 
534-88o8 
336-1468 
333-1764 
PECAN V A L L E Y B e autifu l 3 7 7. c e n tra l heat a ir, den. fire p la c e , carpet, b u ilt ins. Coll todov 
333-4144 
N iles 333-6143 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
SO UTH EAST R E ALTO R S 
R A b E k iN b ' 

V A L L E Y HI NORTH 
O ld e r 3 b e d ro o m , 2 ba th hom e w ith double ca rp o rt, but like new 
Carpet, new self cleaning range, tre e s , and m u ch m o re * V A -n o down paym ent 
B R IG H A M R E A LT Y 673 14o1 
V A L L E Y HI 3-1-1, range, fridge d is h w a s h e r a n d fe n c e d y a rd 
E quity and assum e SIS7 per mo. 

C e n t u r y 2 1 

218 HOUSES MOVED_ _ _ _ _ 

136 ACRES Rio M edina on 
River, $15oo A cre 534-6711 
3.7 ACRES w ith frontage on San 
Antonio R iver, lust south of Loop 
41o. fron tage on V ille m in Rd 
5 living units, 
Term s, ow ner financed. 
HUGHES 8. BRISCOE 
974-4331 
REALTO RS 

Lot 153' x 2oo' on road by UTSA. 
$1o,ooo CASH 695-3624 eves. 
M edina R iver, 2 tra cts on wafer, paved road, tre e s, u tlltti* . $4oo down, $48 mo. 344-6187________ __ 
JO minutes north of San Antonio. 5 acres, $58oo. finan cing a vailab le by owner. 534-8876______________ 
•MOUNTAIN TOP NORTH# 
A s ta g g e rin g v ie w fo r m ile s , covered w ith oaks. $94oo. 698-2o93, 
494-6777. 
_______ 

RETIREMENT SPECIAL 
N E A R S E G U IN , 2 g o lf courses a n d c o u n tr y c lu b - 
R iv e r p riv ile g e s - fish , sw im , b o a tin g - n ic e 2 b e d ro o m h o m e , lo rg e c o rn e r lot- tre e s , id e a l g a rd e n soil M O R E ! Just $18,SSO 
CARLOS BR AW NER R E A L T Y 
379-$947 
SEGUIN. TE X 
SOI E 
K ingsbury P O 
Box 1122 
S a c rific e ' lo ts W oodcreek, H or shoe Bay Best offer 653 8666 
WANT COASTAL P R 6 P E R T Y 
A ra n sa s Pass or P o rt A ra n sa s 
DOUGLAS ANDERSO N 
8o3 G ordina 
_________ 732 1362 
W a le r F ro n t L o t on la k e L B J , 
S ta rtin g a t $5,ooo. O ak R id g e 
Estate 6 m iles oft 281 O w ner w ill finance, com pin g on lo t P e rm is ­ sable fo r m ore In fo rm a tio n C all 
512-598-5335 o r 598-288o 

128 ACRES 
L iv e O ak Co 
A ll b ru s h , good hunting. FM road frontage, some m inerals. $395 per acre 
WESTLAND 
854 1o15 

Monett lumber Co 
(F A R M & RANCH R ealtors) 
' Dependable Since 1935" 
4o7 N. Zorzam oro, 432-7881 

954 ACRES 
Located 25 m iles north of B rady, good sheep and coffle coun try. 4oo 
Ac cult., plenty w ater, m inerals, valuable gas, $39o per acre Ph 
915-344 5787, R ichard Jones, Star 
Rf., Lohn, Texas 76852 

MRTURAL WATER-184 AC 
C urly m esquite, live oaks, fence sandy loam, good financing. 
828-o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
WATSON & SON REALTOR S 
NEAR'k'ERRv Il Le Is 4 Acres of deer, tu rk e y , ro llin g h ills and flo w in g sp rin g s E le c tric ity and phone a va ila b le . $28,ooo. O w ner 
I tianance. 494-S271 (A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

P R IM E O ffic e s p a c e on new 
N orth E xp ressw ay neor a irp o rt 
Reasonable rotes, covered pkg , all conveniences. " 
344-34$6. 
I W eekdays.___________ 
14 1 a San P e d ro , 4 o ffic e s . 739 sa f t , $23o bitls bd, 734-4296. 

 sI v f r A l o F -n r r - r u r m 
A V A IL A B L E at once in the beau­ tifu l Rohde Butldfng. O verlooking 
T u rtle C reek G olf Course, ne a r e ve ryth in g . S everal one-m an of flees now open fo r y o u r in sp e c­ tio n 
45o, 4oo, a n d 165 s q .ft. a v a ila b le R O H D E CO , R E A L - 
TORS, 4139 G ardendale. 696-5311. 

252 -SBL OI H O M M E 
? 
HAVE CAs'f f g 'f l V ^ S --------- o ld e r h o m e s , a p ts n e e d in g re p a irs John B. E cce ll. B ro k e r 
6o8 G unter Bldg 226-7o31 824 8o23 

254 REAL ESTATE WANTED I 

I ffxe cu tive desires 2 or 3 bedroom 
I hom e on 5o-4o o c re s . G ra z in g land, w ith stock bonds w ith in 2o m i of S.A. R eply to M rs. P ru d v 
B ro th e rto n PO Box 5333o Hops- ton, TX 77o52. 713-223-4o41 
,, j Executive desires. 2 or i bedroom j home on $o-4o acres. G razing tend w ith stock bonds w ith in 2o-miles. o f S .A 
R e p ly to M rs . P r u d v 
B r o th e r to n , P .O . B o x 5333o, 
Houston, Tx 77o52. 713-223-4o61. 
! in d iv id u a l w o n ts lo b u y o ld e r income p roaerty, condition unim 
I portent E. Ateek, P O D ra w e r K. 
Portland, Tx. 78374. 

 s 
S i ' i k 
& i j : 
H s t f & w r a 
S 
E 
B 
« 
• * * 
» 
! % 
'OO* M I* » 
o , . r « . T m 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
7763o 

1o,ooo Sq. Ft. 
OFFia-W ARtHOUSt 

 la rg e fenced yard. Lots o f parkin g. 
V icin ity 
Broad w a y, lo o p 4 1 o 
V ery w ell 

 priced. 

Call Rick Thomson 
D. B. Harrell Co. 
2 2 6 - 5 1 7 1 

NEAR AIRPORT 
Office, warehouse. 6,o55 sa ft to tai. 43oo a ir conditioned. $84,75o 
Owner Corry. Coll W B. Kiel 
341 9191 
Mavtor Beatty Inc 

(713)883 2o19, 883-7481 

256 REAL ESTATE LOANS 

M a K E R k 
L A 'A f t m 
F ir s t 
K le tter I liens Max 8 yrs. Buy notes less than 8% w ith discount. 
A V R o driguez-B roker 222-o98o 

382 MOBILE HOMES RENT ll 

O ff Huebner Rd. 684-o689. 
2 BE D R O O M S , d o u n lry L iv in g ! 
W ith g a rd e n , fis h in g 

NE AR SAC 
J units, colonial W hite colum ns. 
Sum m er porches Eosy rent 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 828-2521 
O P (> 6 frfU N lY Y K N b d K ' Local N trar e lty ^ investor bro ke r, m ust sell prim e * pot ! l 7 , o n H * n i p ro p e rtie s . JO o c re s on US9o } - ! ’ , furnished, northeast. 433-oo6o 
West, 98511 on Hwy. $18o,ooo, 7o — 
— — 
— 
— acres on C astroville city lim its, oil >4111 . APARTMENTS FURA! 
,,l,I,I.s i riv e r fron t *21o,ooo Name |“ U I 
IM IOT I HUN I U I V M I utilities, riv e r fro n t $21o,ooo Nome your te rm s! 
John 
P hllpoff 
342 48o8 
____________ 

342 ACRES, 2$ m i s ot S A . Atus cosa C o ..C reek, access co u n ty road around p ro p e rty 1-569 4683 days, otter 6,1 569 2227__________ 
3o acre s n e o r C a la v e ra s Lake! 
Well, could be form ed 29°* down balance 15 years a t 8% 828-5671. 
S tr a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lty 
57 ACS Trees, doostol, H unting cabin 5795-oc O w ner finan ced 
Bobbie Anderson. G R E IN -C A M P ­ 
B E L L 
R E A LT Y . 
S A 
658 5131. 
I 379-2634 

N EAR iMPfc dfeEE K l l ' j a c re h o m e s ite 
B e a u tifu l view ond trees, priva cy. $15,ooo 
Owner financed. 
Jim 
T a ylo r 
824 4898________________ ________ 
N e w B r a u n fe ls H ill C o u n try 
P roperty. Scheel A Assoc Realty 
647 
S. 
Seguin, 
N 
Braunfels 
625-8o78 ________________________ t is ? oak c o v e re d o c re s , v ie w o v e rto o k in g s p rin g fed la k e 2 wells, fenced, sm all cottage. 281 
N orth Owner, 684-1757 

 i 1 b ea utiful H ill C o untry Acres 
$385 dow n p a ym e n t. $59.6o per mo Lots of gam e 
S p e c ta c u la r views 
Coll fo r appointm ent 
734 7964 

23o LOTS 

Excel G o vn f Bldg New root, can c u t 
38 x 4 4 ', 25 x8 2 ' a n d 9o’ . 
623-2331. 675-2233_______________ 
BEDI SILT HOMES 
New 3 b d rm , 2 bath homes 
2 B drm ., I both homes 
WE B U IL D ANY SIZE 
OOO SON LBR.__________624-2256 

 ju s t on m a rk e t, 
3 lo v e ly bedrooms, 2 deco rator baths, de stro b ic east c e n tra l schools, no city loxes Low. low equity, priced below 53o.oo8 N iles 653 57o7 

2) 4 Room fra m e houses, to be sold and move. A tte r 5 wk da vs. all day Sunday, 344-7834___________ 
6 SMALL I BEDROOM HOMES 
$3,ooo each One l l bdrm . l l k it chen, t i b a th s, 2ox17611 M o te l 
Bldg Moved $14,ooo 624-7356__ 
We Buy Mouses To BE Moved 
678 1459_____________ 
922-4113 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
H ill Country M obile Home site- 15 , m in N o rth on San P e dro O nly 
$21oo, $1oo d o w n , $21 64 p e r m onth., a l 8 % fo r 144 m onths. 
T h )* one w o n t la s t lo n g 
C a ll to d a y! 494 3419 - LA K E C R O F T 
R E AL ESTATE_________________ 
A pproxim ately 3 acres Beautiful location for developem ent Fine homes in m atu re suburban area 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 828 2521 
A WHOLE MOUNTAIN 
A sp e cta cu la r vie w , o b stru cte d onlv bv la rge oaks. G arden soil. fenced, good w e ll, o ve r 7 a cre s 
Owner w ill finance. R obert Sm ith, 
498 2o93 or 494 6777_____________ 
BABCOCK NORTH 
G reenhouses 3-2-7 brick den, carpet, central, assum e $379 
; 828 o665 
736-1766 
475-o629 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

NEAR BO ER NE, acreage tra cts 
Owner financed 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
PIO N EE R R E A LT Y 

N O R T H O F F IH IO 
IS TO M IN U T E D R IV E 
5 bedroom. 4 acres, pool, la rge barn 
4 bedroom, 7 acres, auesf house 
4 bedroom, 3 ocres, stable* 
3 bedroom, 4 acres, stables 
Also co ll us to r a cre a g e hom e­ site* 698-21o7. 349-26o7 
B I L L P R IC E R E A L T Y 
Older hm-good re p a irC h in o 
Grove 
648 333oLG R IPPS R LTY 648 o44i 
O ver 2 acres NE of S A , Com al 
County, oil utilities. 656 1589 
R iv e r fro n t 5 a c re s $85o dow n payment, $137.59 per mo. C rystal cle a r w ater 
B e a u tifu l vie w s ot 
Texas H ills . Shown bv o pp oint- m cnl call 734-9343 
R M GEORGE R E A L T Y 
. - ~ 
742 M AIN 
BO ER NE, TEXAS 
333 $439 
249 2678, 249-3545, 249 3544 
' 281 SO I ANO 5 ACRE TRACT 
1o% dow ow ner Corry beautiful trees Level 
227-o227 
Wotson A Son 628 1262 
SOUTH: 3 bedroom . 2 bath A ll m asonry $5o,ooo 636 I $44 

1-A cre on S u lp h e r s p rin g s Rd w a te r, e le c tr ic ity , s e p tic ta n k 
$5,ooo 649 149o 
BIG l 6 t oft Duke Road, south ot 
FM 
ISIS. 
S175o W ill trad e tor pickup 
92442o9 A L L R E A LT Y 
533-7987 
Center Point i lots. I acre each, on V e rd e C re e k, good fis h in g , pecan tees, fenced on 2 sides 
$4ooo per lot 512-257-5816 

By o w n e i, 7 acres good (arm load, 
' ■> m i N of Boerne on dead end rd, very secluded 1-249-3274. 
------------dHi<?kfcN S .-H5 5 s-------— . 
AN D C A LV E S can be ra is e d on 1 this 3o acres. L a rg e 2 bedroom , 2 bath home, oft 3$ near Devine. j 
R E N FR O R E A L T Y 
422 3363 
C H W AH L R E A LT Y 

S35o PER ACRE 
29 78 acres t r o d Leakey A rea 
H e a v ily w o o d e d . 
G ood h u n tin g $25o d o w n - 
$1oo.17 m onthly E m o ry Jones- 734-4627. 
- RAivcW l a K B S ^ "---------- 
Land For All Purposes 
No 7 Flintstone, 78213 
344-9934 
RIMCO REALTY 
684 86oo Ranches' 492 2796 l l ’ ? $E<!TlONS $12o te x a s Pan h a n d le . D on G 
C o c k re ll Co 
M em phis, Tx Bo6-2S9-2931. 

Good selection Form s-R anches 
I 379-5493 1-379-571o 
Seguin, Tx 
Coastal hay, Fertilized d ry stock 
BA RG AIN 
1-742-3747 
Poteet. 
I $69 4o73 

PRIME COMMERCIAL 
S.W W. W H ITE , O wner anxious to sell this 2o8x4o9 ti. pro p e rty Just j 
o few blocks fro m IM-1o. Be greot i fo r s trip c e n te r, re s ta u ra n t, or m ony other extros. 
924-7311 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-S. C entrol O k 
: 
Sole or Lease, building at H6 W 
Theissen, Boerne, Tx L orge sales oreo in fro n t, warehouse in re a r. 
1 833-4556 
San Pedro O ffice bldg. Good Ren tai, ow ner finance. Lennord Real tv, 734-6756. 

238 - COMMERCIM PflOPtRTV 
LEASE 

RI SION. MARU 
AIR C O N D IT IO N E D , O FFIC E S , 
R E T A IL , ETC LE ASE OR SALE 
224 9124, 734-5522. To see It 
G A LIN D O R E A L T Y CO OWNER 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly se clu d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills 
B u ild now or hold to r in vestment. Term s a vailab le $3,8oo lo $6ooo Paved streets A ll u tili ties Near Schools and shopping 
N e o r B a n d e ra Rd. ond B e n ru s 
D r For details coll Louis Flores. 
732 2741 
C om m ercial lots, all sizes. 

COUNTRY LIVING 
21 ocres in coastal, rood frontage. near 
C alaveras. 
Low price. 
$25,ooo 
6o4-6444 
Niles 684 o13$ 
TERRILL REALTY 

1418 142o E re to il space. 22oo sa ft 
All or p a rt 
! 341-9191 

$25o mo I 
M aureen Alexander. 

 also a low com m e rcial buildings 
734 5434 C P KOSUB 342 o343 
L I V fe 6 a K HI L T V S u b d ivisio n . 
Guadalupe Co., $15oo Best offer, 

REALTORS_________________MLS 
C R EEK AN D R IVE R 
R a n c h e s , la rg e o n d s m a ll. 
S p e c ia liz in g in th e 
P ip e 
C reek—B a n d e ra —M edin a area. 
Jim T aylor 824-4898 
D E S ^ lU f lO N SALE--------- 
14.3o irrig a te d ocres. off P eorsoll 
Rd $-2 w ith centrol tor and heat plu s s m a lle r t b e d ro o m , b o th , I liv in o room ond k itc h e n , lo rg e stock ta n k, c o m p le te ly fenced, reduced to $57,5oo 

Naylor Really Inc 
KC E LL EN T Business to ra h 

BANDERA 

WlNOWOOD ESTATES j Custom built, rock home, 3 or bed roo m s. 3 la rg e boths. huge den with wether and fireplace, big 
(co ve re d patio, looking o ve r 2 ocre* of trees Only $74,5oo 
SENECA ESTATES 
(Home sweet home in this beauty 
13 2-2 plus office, big den w ith tire p la c e , a ll c a rp e te d , p r iv a c y fenced around shady vord, a ll to r 
$46,9oo Medical oreo 
C A N TE R FIE LD 
I at the areas finest hom e* 4-2-2, large den and living, big covered patio A m ust see in the low 4o $ 
BRAUN STATION 
Surrounds this b ric k 3-2-2. la rg e den ond m any e x tra s A ssum e low interest note. this won t tost tong 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
W H ITE H E A D H O LLID A Y 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
224 Holists.smobrewi 
HAP RESER 653 6)82 A n ytim e 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

681 o3oo 
REALTORS 

AA-1 BA RG AIN FOR VETS. 3 be drooms. I 1) baths, $159 mo. June 
1st paym ent 
W AYNE SLATER 
496-477o 
R E ALTO R 
349 9278 

D o w ntow n D u p le x, c o n v e rts to 
3-2. 315 B a rr e r a , n e o r b u s, s c h o o ls $12,ooo 
B y o w n e r, 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

A F F O R D A B LE 
A lm o st new 3 b e d ro o m . 2 bath w ith country kitchen SISCO equity assume VA loon 454-1234 
RED CARPET 

ALL WET P A IN T ! w alk to Lock lond 3 bedroom beauty Onlv $2oo d ow n, $159 m o n th ly 
H u r r y ! 
922 17o6, 474-75o9, 473-4714 

WINDWOOO 
S p aciou s 4 b e d ro o m . J ’ i b o th home on 7 * acres Ranch styling w ith Soonish influence Lowered, open beam ed, a cce n t a ra is e d breakfast oreo $72,5oo 
REALTOR 
69111oo 

C e n t u r y 2 1 1 
E LAIN E LUDW IG A ASSOC 
YOU con get in to this b e a u tifu l 
$4o,ooo home w ith only $6oo cosh 
Cab right now! 696-o974 
Fortuna Assot.iota*. 696 1412 
YOU PROMISED HER W HAT? A rose gordon? We have it w ith an et ego rn, oil b rick 3 bedroom home w ith a fireplace and a kitchen in 
H arvest gold 
$41,7oo 
REALTORS 
696 4811 
Guy Chipman Co 
~ 

214 ttOUSFS SOUTHEAST 

A ll B rick, earner tat. 3 2 2. livin g room, dining room, fam ily room . breakfast area 
LEONARD. REALTORS 
433 o64o_________________ 661 3322 
A W INNER 
This 32 2 is new on the m u rk# ! so toke a lo o k 1 C a th e d ra l c e ilin g , large den with fireplace ond gar a rou* new carpet For m o! dining o r liv in g C a v ity ond assum e. 
Mites 114-766o 
Day or nile B L O M 
Morton SoutUwetl Butty 
Bargain Humors Special 
Ne down poym ent to anyone 3-4 bedrooms. 2 baths, some w ith air ond ob appliances F irs t paym ent rn MPV, 
BOB DePAOLO 
537 *251 
R E A L TOW 
3 Bedroom home w ith den, fenced y a rd . c e n tro l heat a ir $2o,5oo 
926-8116. 137 492/ 
HYATT R IA L ESTATE 

AM ER IC AN A I t'z -t. $2oo down. 
S U I mo 
J A J RE A LT Y 674-8883 A nytim e 
Am ericana home 1-1-1, low equity. 
$156 mo assum e VA loon at 7% tinoncing 6o4 367 3. 4 2 ^ 2 6 ^ ^ ^ ^ 
A M E R IC A N A . I m in u te s fro m ; 
Kelly Nice * bedroom, $25o down. 
No C redit* No problem ! *22 17o4 
671-4714. 676-75o9. 

4 75% ASSUME « 75*. 
I Bedroom, Both. Range. Carpet. 
Fence. C a rp o rt Buy E d u ffy or 
Refinance Call 
TEX VET R E A LT Y 435 484o 
A T T R A C T IV E I b e d ro o m , I 'r bath, 9ox24o ti lot on E H ording 
Call for in form ation 
921-4127. 
924 2922 
Ronald Williamson 
BE A HOMEOW NER IN V A L L E Y 
MI only SIDO down tor a like now I bedroom, lust $155 m onthly Coll 
922-17o6, 476-75o9, 4741 4714 

DEVINE REALTY 
D e v in e , T e x a s 
1-4A3-4SS8 
SA Otml line 626-12oo 
A B S O LU T E LY B eautiful, owner- 
Broker m ust sell Fabulous north side. 4 bedroom all rock house, on 
5 tro t studded acres E x tra s in ­ c lu d e , o u t b u ild in g and h o rs e facilities Better H u rry on this one a t $74,5oo 
B r o k tr s p ro te c te d 
John Philpott 142 6oo8__________ 
% AC CHINA GROVE 
B rick 12-4, den, firepla ce 
828 o665 
716 1766 
SM 4419 
WATSON A SON REALTOR S 

4 9 A C N O R T H 
C arnet, paved 2 sides, big tree * 
•28-o645 
716 1766 
7M-4I17 
WATSON A SON REALTO R S 
ACREAGE H O M ESITES 
NW at San A n to n io in B e x a r. 
Comal. K endall Co s M I acre s or M ore 
DON SMITH CO 
698 244o 
B ROKER 
6*8 2261 

I m i south of town. I ac on a hill a s k in g . $2,495, w ill c o n s id e r offers. 
B ill 
Hughes. 
B roker. 
I 142-1661_________________________ 
BEAUTIFUL VEU 
Ook tree studded acre, to m iles n o rth of to w n 
Has w a te r ond e le ctricity on wide paved roads 
O w ner m ust sell q u ic k ly , little I 
I d o w n w ill fin a n c e b a la n c e 
1 
497 3751, eves, 822-9155_________ ; 
3 bedroom p a rtly tu rn older home j and 2 lots (SOX 15o) on HR Iro n 
! tope 56ooo Call Pleasanton offer 
I to m 1-569-21o4__________________ 
I 3 B E D R O O M ROCK H O M E 
5 
( acres F ire p lo c * Loca ted neor 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A LT Y 224 7171 
J 2 Bedrooms, 2 boths, 2 story home 
' on I acre E x tro n ice ' Off South 
1 ton Rd near 41o South 924-1116, I 
117 4927 
H Y ATT R E A L ESTATE 
BLANCO, TEXAS i L o ve ly 2 2 2 w ith fo rm a l liv in o ond dining room plus fa m ily room 
: with fireplace, beautiful ook trees 
Assume or 
Conventional, onlv 
$14,ooo 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
W H IT E H E A D H O LID A Y 
I M I 7115_____________ REALTOR S 

SOUTHEAST 
LaV erm o School D istrict. 2 ocres, ; 
Onlv HOO down and easy term s. 
H B O. R E A L ESTATE. 927 7441 
2 Story. 4 bedroom , firepla ce w ith hea taloto r. all elect B lanco Co 
$4o,ooo 
Jim 
Ashley 
Reolty 
226-7774________________________ 
Take up paym ents on '« ocro NW f6 r hom e b u ild m o W a te r, c ity utilities. M r. F etter, 4/9-7229. 
I TO 5 ACRE TRACTS 
N W S A near FM-471 ond 1*o4, 
W ell re s tric te d , c e n tra l w a te r. paved streets, p rice s ve ry com ­ p e titiv e . 
G ood te rm s 
LA - 
KECROFT 
R E A L 
ES TATE . 
342-1661_________________________ i t a l Wooded Ac. good soil. N of 
S A Just outside B exar Co 
492 9414 H Castle Reolty 712 66o2 
TWO ACRES OF R IVE R 
N o rth on G u a d a lu p e . S c e n ic woods and topsoil High above a 
, clear clean g ra ve l bottom riv e r. 
$12,9oo 
O w n e r w ill fin a n c e . 
R o b e rt S m ith . 498-2o41, it no 
| onswor, 494-6777_______________ 
W AN TED 
17 IOO ocres. Out Hwy 
9oW or Loredo Hw y W 
W ithin loop or v e ry close in L E 
Ro- brique t 227 /855 

L 5 C K H IL l"R ~D~H 6 M ls itfe 
Zoned single fa m ily dw elling 
Owner C orry w ith sm oll down 
736 1766 
828 o664 
331-1163 
WATSON A SON REALTO R S lots ot lots and land 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
4 o c re s w ith v ie w , I to I a c re homesites in N orthwood Mills, re ­ sid ential lots in Thousand Oaks, big lots in H ollyw ood P o rk. U n it 
IO, 2' > acres Mi Stagecoach H ills 
Buy now • build later 
Coll M 9-I4M A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, REALTO R S 
412? JMT' U U A r i A v L in M i 
L a u re l sub O ft W u rzb o ch and 
IH1o West l l fro n t ti. w ith paved alley neor T urtle Creek CC, Med 
C e n te r, US AA $12,5oo T e rm s 
694 44o5 Mon F ri or M I 5644 daily 
8AM 1oPM 
6 a ii 

W H IT E H E A D H O LID A Y 
MI-7115 
REALTOR S 
E b w A tfb T -R W l t R E A L T Y " - 
Buy your lond fro m the native* 
P IP E C R E E K . TX 695 848o 
Form ond Ranch Listings W anted 
5o Acres or la rg e r w ith in 65 m iles 

STOCKDALE 
HO Acres, J’ j m iles N orth off 123 
4 bedroom , 2' i both P re tty fa ir old house, b a rn , pens, qood ac I ic e s * 
F o r Sale ond F in a n ce by j ow ner M ig h t do some tra d in g ; 
695 89o5, 695 12o5 
S U T H E R L A N D S P R IN G S , i i i 
Acres of Coastal w ith lo rg e oak j 
1 fre e s , stock ta n k 
C o unty ro a d j w ith a c c e s s to p a v e m e n t e n ­ tra n c e 
NO A G E N T S P L E A S E 
I t 947 l i l t Aff. 6 p m 
TEXAS VETS 
I IO ACRES west Guadalupe Coon tv 
R oad fro n ta g e , w a te r lin e . dark soil i IO AC RES dost B e xa r C o unty 
Rood frontage, w ater line, sandy 
I tome 
Land locators el Texas 
S A 667 1154,667 1333 

T E X -V E T S 
75 A cre s S W W ilson Co. W e ll, creek, power, rood frontage, A L L 
CASH W ill E n te rta in 2 T E X VETS w ith SIM U LTA N E O U S ClosMig 
T. J. AARON, BROKER 
1-625-5822 
1-625-2118 

 io6 to 341 ac neo r U va ld e ond os u p h o ls te ry shop. A v a ila b le 
B ra cke ttville Good huntinp Leo 
M a rc h l l st 
R iv e ro , 826-85o6 nard Realty. 734-6756 o” *? 4 p M 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

FR O M 

W**kly 

$ I 5 2 * M o n th hr 
Studio, I -2 bedrooms 

N O li A S I 

TIMMIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING— MO PITS 

WARDIN HOUSi 

I M 
I N W l „ « * 4 1 o 
"p l HltBfMKfHM* 
Dewhurst mn* ecross tm U 41o’* 
342-4o29 
AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
AND OFFICE SPACE 
In Beacon C ircle 4,ooo sqft. A ll o-c W ill rem odel to suit E rnest 
Soble C om m ercial Prop. 349-3639 
_ 
C O M M E R C E bood i I 

E X C E L L E N T Business location,! 
I 7,ooo sat) IQ I* C incinnati Avo. 
42o1 F re d e ric k s b u rg PM has of 
I lic e spoce and covered and un- 
I covered ya rd space for lease 
I 341-7133 
G A R A b E W lT H S E R V 'tifE ST A* i T IO N FO R R E N T , 5o1 N o r th ] 
: Zorzam oro, 432-8613 h 6 t t i ; s t U s e d t & T T S T T n 
1 Town* $3oo per mo. Proven to r 2oJ 
I y o a rs -H u rry I 15o2 C u lebra Rd i 735-o961, N iles 6*6-7777 
---------- LE A s t 
4 56 Ab’Rfe*---------- 
15oo S E M IL IT A R Y OR-222-1M2 
>L6W t*R LE v t L, 6o1 W Cypress s u ita b le to r TV re p a irs , U p hol stery. 
Auto parts. 
$15o mo 
734 327o 
22)4 Mc C ullouoh, now occupied 

 investm ent for 

T R A C T S 
R esidential 

Southside of Canyon Lake, unsur v e v e d a c re a g e , I o c re s p lu s 
H ills , o v e r lo o k in g c ity 
B e a u tifu l v io w of the la k e ond 
Term s, 529,ooo 715-7683 M I 2811 
! h ills , n e o r b o o l ro m o 
C A II 
O V E R T 
A b » ? S.-» n l,re ly chain ” 6 841’ or t u 
^ e k e n a a atf link fenced! Gorgeous treed lot in 
S tagecoach H ills a d re a m set lin o tor your dream home* 
$34,5oo. 
REALTO RS 
494 7 771 

BY O w ner, 4 b e d ro o m . 2 bam den, livin g room , b ric k home u j 
Hampton D r in Seguin 12o R iver I tro n to g e , on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r 
' 
Concrete reta iner w ail. boat dock 
Assume $191 mo paym ents, roo cona ble p a y m e n ts C a ll J e r ry i 
H o p k in s , 1-915 684 8141 D a y *. I 
1-915-683-1654 Niles O PEN I lo I, 
F nday ond Sui Sunday 9 to I 
COM AL COUNTY 
4 plus acres neor 281 ond 46 w ith oreo fo r m o b ile hom e or hom e 1 in the country. N orth ot S A fro m j with fantastic view Under going 
I to 16 a c ro t Owner financed Coll | price of only 513.2o6 Rosy form s 

WOOO V A L L E Y AC RES Beau tffu l b ric k hom e on 4 67 A cres 
1-2-1, den, b u fft-in s and m u ch m ore 
Call tor com plete inform ation 
3114144 
Niles 656 2717 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
SOUTH EAST REAL TQH$ 

228 RESOR! PROPERTIES 

Guy Chipman Co 

^ " T e r r e l l 1 U IL l $------------- 
B e a u tifu l slowing tot w ith troo s. 
145 frontage 252 deop. on a fa v o r­ ite street 124 1213 
M AZIE SALE H IL L . R ealtor 

 t o f e t t le E s ta te s 
I Duplex lots, side by side. approx 
12ox148, 18oo C a p ita l St off Boss* 
Rd 
Make offer. Coll 226-S221 or 
SSS 844o 

WE h a v e on axcepuonoltv tm * re s id e n tia l lo t th a t w ill a c c o m ­ m odate $8o,ooo to $9o,ooo in im ­ p ro ve m e n ts A il u tilitie s excep t sewer 
Evenings, call 
Ray. 
4$$-94 $6 

CANYON LAKE 

Acreage Irocts. sm all down, sm all m onthly, beautiful oaks, no rock or codo# Coll Memo* M2-25I6 mm TRACTS 

339 BONNELL 
B rick trMn I96o san carpet centrol, corner, trees. 648 o87} 
8288645 
71*17*4 
7 M 4 II7 

B Y O W NER 
B e lla ire E d itio n , i-b e d re e m . 2 b o th . c o rn e r le t, 
*25oo down. 8175 Mo ow ner w ill 
B u n c o Aff Ipm VZ. lust 

U T IF U L 
F A IR W O O D 
T O W N H O M E . choo se fro m I ! , 
Just $2oo down, paym ents fro m 
$1*5 922 17o6. *71-4714. 474-75o* 
PAT MCVEY R E A L ESTATE 
E E H IN D 
F E O M A R T 
L ow p o y m e n t. I b e d ro o m g a ra g e 
$12,95o Must sec to believe Call now before its too late 
Hablamos Espanol 
REE R E A L g i t ATE 4 /4*12* 
CUTE t COZY tow nh om e w ith c e n tro ) M A 
$1oo d o w n , $139 m onthly 
922 I 7o6. 
671-4714, 
*74 75o9 

 m H E R ITA G E FAR m » 
Nothing down to anyone i Ctcn I bedroom . 2 both. 2 c a r garage , i curetted. central a ir neat, 
$4o,5oo 
921 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A LT Y 
HIGHUM HILLS 
Outstanding I la rge beardom *. I bath dou ble g a ra g e , s e p a ra te living ond dining rggm s, central hoot ond (Mr. ooprox 14oo sa. ft . carpel and fireplace $21,5oo 
Van Bum t Assot 
*84 7171 
699oo66 
71* o7o* it AFB, LA F E , I bedroom *, load ed. 52oo total move in. paym ent* 
$17$ 
* 74 *U *_______ RAE Reef »Stole 
L a ckla n d T e rra c e 1-1-C. $'«% , assume or refinance M rs John saw *71 1144, After 5 *71 >o9* 

Jim Hawlay, broker. $ A drat d ir ; eel *97 1*21 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
697 1621 
REALTOR 
1 41o 7442 
8 acre fa rm $5oo down paym ent, | 
$71 per mo irrig a te d tor rn land in 
Texas H ills Neor highw ay, w ail furnished Call tor appointm ent to se# 7M-989Q 
________________ 
P < a c ro , in oak v illa g e N o rth . 
$9,ooo or best otter Coll 824 2886 
ACRE Of OAKS 
E nioy cam ping, fishing, canoeing on this beautiful wooded site in the 
H iil C o untry, or b u ild a co u n try home bock in the toll trees. $2oo down. $4$ m onth at /*« •• C o li 
Tom Taylor 494 5217 Of 142 8581 

 down. IO years on botonee at 
712-61 I t 

6 ACRES 
A L L OR PART 
$749 PER ACRE 
Only m in fro m boat rom p a l Can yon Lobo. Owner w ill finance at 
8% sim ple R ill Hughes, R roker. 
M2 IEM 
1o ACRES and Up 
In Bexor and Wilson Counties 
344-6268 le i 4566 
684 1768 
CONNALLY 
H E A L E S T A T E INC 
IO ACRES and Do 
In Rexar and Wilson Counties 
144-62*8 
M I 6866 
684-5748 

B V O W N ER 
U n iq u e S p a n is h 
B ric k nam * big lot. w ith per.un trees, separate workshop 14x25 
No Agent? $29,6oo 921 I ll y 
COUNTRY WIVING IN I H I CIT V 
, r ®' 
MAMI, (at ti, I nm (tun IIM dink LM *4ii o u i, w ith e le c tric ra n g e , d is h w asher, etc A ssum e $ '«*• w ith 

L a c k la n d T e rra * # , b v o w n e r, walk to lo h n la y . I m in tra m 
K e lly 
L o c k la n d 
I b e d ro o m 2 bath 2 car got age gen ond tire 
Patio cover, ca rp o rt, con 

Horne far largo tom ay pius land tor a big garden Near schools 
Open term s 
BANTER 
C O , 
REALTORS 
6*164o* 
Civile i cst new heme brick I 2 2 
? a ir te rm s 

• g u lly ar re f m anta mf $29,5oo 
*76-1116 M I $ tor Opp I 

 aeon 
LE O N A R D . REALTORS 
■ n i n e ______________S U M ! 
D B m BRING MOBLY 
R f me year paint brash Ne dawn paym ent to anyone 14 bear gam* 
$ I b a th * , s a m * w t*» »'» t « d 

I § & 
» * • ■ * * 

C e n t u r y 2 1 

LOW $185 MO tor l l ' , garaae arr, ne dawn to any#ne 
W ATNE H A T E R ^ 

 t i i y L T T L E 
I b e d ro e m s 
F i b e in *, try in g te a m gigs den sat am io u 
IN f ERST A i t *16 8755 rn » em 
M C C O LLU M "va e'pgrgSti'ed of k l) 6o8 with new ig at Rent m c* f b e d iaam en ca* de sac 
A geed bae, (AH now U r m aa*.aa* 
HUGHE5 A BRISCOE ate t i l l 
REAL TORS 
$11 * MO N E A R R E L L Y 
I be a< earns 
*to#e 
Mn 
Bawn to 

CONNALLY 
« t > 
U i l l H 
I H l ____ 

17 Acres at $695 acre off 2sIN 
P re tty *ah$, e xce lle n t h u n tin g lim Ashley Real Estate *#4 4276 
J acres Bulverde estates, 11 m ile tram school 694 5181 
6 2 ACRES 
C H H rn aff tai South 56566 
R EN FR O R E A L T Y i 
*2 M M I 

 l l A r r # * f et B la n c o , s m a ll boast, good tog sort n u * trees lim Ashier Real E stole 664 477* 

5,3 ACRES 

HILL COUNTRY VIEW 
Rancher wants to salt near tw in 
Sisters $1716 w ith awner im a m 
•ta 
M B G 
R E AL 
( S t ATC 
* n ii i# 
____________ t i a cre s h u n tin g c o u n try 
$545 dawn pavm n u s44 87 pet me Big o **i taro ay la v gang On te n t* t*ne t i large ranch Financed ay f £ H L . lh * J S i ...______________ 

FAMILY REALTY 

 country Bream 
B eautiful 4 y r old. J story Cotomol hom e, on 4$ a c re s 
J u s t 2om i. 
S outh o f 
$ A. 
I b e d ro o m s . 
4 .bothy lo rg e liv in g oreo w ith bar separate d in in g roam . 4*o6 sa Ft af livin g area la rg e stere room arid Oath w ith shower off I c a rp o rt Fenced and sown w ith coastal berm uda Large born and doe kennels City w ater, priced to sell bv owner C A LL 826-4712 tor nppom Invent 

COUNTRY DREAM 
M m t-ro n c n w ith 
8 o c re s . 
I y e a r a id I b e d ro o m . 2 b o th home oui Bondvra Rd and close to Medina Lab *, In the 48 $. Coll now, 684 72o6 
CENTU RY l l Schneider Reolty 
FOR $ A IB RY O W N E R . H ill i c o u n try a creage , betw een S A • und Canyon Lpfce, >21-3474 
Goadatupe Rtver frontage 
I o tr * w ith beautiful Oak troos. on y e a r ow n w a te r f r o n t T e rm s 
I 4WrtRi>t6, 497 1751 824 o636 
_ 

HANDYMAN’S DREAM l uv d r oui pecans, 2 wells 
14 • • ac, 3-1 si ac lo, tank 
826 6685 
736 17*8 
875 o429 
W A T K IN » » Q N REALTOR S 

HELOTES 
4 Acres Pigs b e a u tifu l H ill. can sa* to the N orm Role ana to the 
M exican B order 
$aM, w orth the 
M o n e y 
F in a n c e d ny a w n e r. 
___ 
H E L O T E S 
C R E E K 
R A N C H 
ACREAGE TRACTS Law dean, 
6844211 Or 751 9*43 
R jA L . t r ______ 
5 HIK Country acred $22$ dawn payment, IM •* per m e B eautiful vie w s b ig tr aes 7>*% s im p le 
■Mgr C p i >86-/tov* 
I m p r o v e d h i l l c o u n t r y 
LANO 
Rotan# valley and wad game 
714 17*4 
*216*64 
*96 2818 

I g w a a s n 'z s a : 
S O 
T H ® IM W 
— ii i tm t a «mh i« i* I 
CDu i i i 

9 ACRES 
Ja*t rn sale w a*an C * Onto t i t m i ti em I mea r n Arm T#»q* Velar 
WI* toad aeon 
$44O M 
18* 66*8 
6*6 H U 
CONNALLY 

M B AL B E T A T B IN C 

LARGE B U IL D IN G SITE 
I wale lier th tram Loop N W de sir yd Ia e a li6 h , deep to ff a n d weeded arg# W ater, ates ti ic ily and lineny Paym ents gt SAI 79 al 
7% sim ple n ite r# *l a tte r *m a it m e j w i i n » r t e , if ? £ 1 8 
Im COUNTRY HOMES 
C u s to m b u ilt i i A c r e * O o h lr g a s. b i ll c o u n t r y 
N o r t h 
N a rtts w o k l 
M a n te s re a d y ta 
IHRV6 tn t# 
F m g n i e d 
W e e a s te r n b a l i t i 
H a v e a c le t r a c t s a v a ila b le c o n s id e r t r a d e s l a w 
C a n st Ca 
' “ 
M b * 
_ 
_ 
CM 

6 H IL L S Io E LOT • B E A U T IF U L 
View - $146o Easy Term s 
OLorqe Lot • Trees Near Lake 
And boat rom p 
Easy Term s 
Copt. E. Jones 
, 
________ 923-4211 
A N D O V E R M O B IL E H O M E . 
12x64 ft on 1o,o66 ft v ie w lo ! o ve rlo o kin g C anyon Loke. I b e ­ d ro o m , 2 b ath. a ir co n d itio n e d , furn ished Like new $14,5oo Mel 
M ille r 226-2125 ________________ 

2 bedioom nome. Pebble Beach 
Low, tow down M edina Lake, wo te rtro n t home and guest house en 
I tats 
684-4211 ar 7$1 9941 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! 
, 1a T a m a ra c k S h o re * w ith to il lo kevte w 
New 14x74. ta s te fu lly furnished. I bedroom 2 bath PHA 
M obile Home, an large trae stud tied lot. central heat a ir. 12x12 sun deck, re frig e ra to r plus m any ex- lir a s Sub d iv is io n has e x c e lle n t p r iv a te p o o l, p a rk s a n d b a a l la u n ch in g fa c ilitie s M ust s a t ta appreciate A bargain at $24,166! 
D AV OR N IT E *55-4846 

Morton Southwest Really 

Ca W V 6 ^ L aT I ---------- 
I L ike new, 2 bedroom house, year I a ro u n d a r seasonal - p le n ty of oaks and shade - coal, w ith ram ps a n d te n n is a ls o 
$17,2o6 
J E . 
MOR I RIS, 1-699 Ita l 
T I K VS* L A 
V S w N E B " 
5 a cre * on paved rood overtook mg toke neor bual launch L o tt at tre e s w a te r e le c t r ic ity , w ill divide, lin g n c* 494 2727, 694-1911 
C a n y o n L o t * , new L a k e v ie w hom e, $45,6o6 W eekend hom e. 
$22,5o6 
I AKE HOME 
R E A LT Y j I 966 I IM 
C A H Y o N L A K E 

M O B IL E LOT 
16,8oo sa It tciuiusiK view Peal. beat ra m p nea r bv $14o6. HOO dawn, 78 mo af STI 41 APR I** 
M E L M IL L E D 
224 2324 
F o b 1/ i t i i n r i 'M W E r a i s a oV 
Member ship wdi sell * trad e Nu re a s o n a b le a fte r re fu s e d 
225 IM I 
*48 2*22 utter 4 16pm 
PT f L i f t 'K 4 E ft I MCI ---------- m em bership best atter 455 849} 
H O M * ' W IT H L h H ” w u ie tT renT 
F a e rie * Sub Na I lh protected cave Has awn guod welt 
I oui b u ild in g s tor ste re o s 
Has own bau l la unch C um plele w ith te e won end duck 
*14 4211 or I SI 9941 
PIO N EE R R E A LT Y 

23? FARMS ANO RANCHES 

T S ^T ^T S evnT * owner tmance 
(Will G o odw in), , 
Lennord R eolty. 
736-67SO. 
__________ 
771 o t G illespie Co to a d hunting 
Lennard Realty 
(B ill G oodw in) 
7I6-67S6 

57 AC HAYS CO 
F M i 5o. big ook s. aw ner c a rry 
828 o445 
71* 1764 
734-41)7 
WATTON A SON REALTO R S 
12* ac . d in n e r ta , on Hwy 9oW post U va lde E x c e lle n t h u n tin g 
111 5o6 Down 8%, 16 yrs Leonard 
Realty, 734-6756 
I a er* fa rm $5oo Juwn paym ent 
$71 per mo irrig a te d fa rm land rn 
T exe t H ills Near highw a y, welt furnished Call tor appointm ent lo 
Ste 734 9598 
K I A N L it sir 
BR AU N FE LS. O wner financed 
177 Acre tot rn near Devine, $666 per acre, 29 . dawn 
*84-4211 Of 751-9943 
PIO N EE R R E A L T Y 

G A S P L A Y A R E A 
98- P LU S A C R E S on P e a rs a ll 
R o ad, lu s t s o u th o f F M 1*o4 
Sandy loam , 9o% c u lifiv a te d or develop (H o m e site on c re e k !) 
O at lease 
$147,ooo 
O wner financed. 
49o 98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
REA LTO RS 
Good hunting )OO acres, si aer ocre, 5% down paym ent 7%% sim ple in terest O w ner financed 
COH 736 7944 
1 

GUEST RANCH 
454 Acres ond equipm ent for suc­ ce ssfu l o p e ra tio n of one of th * fin e st re s o rt ra n ch e s in Texas 
ERNEST SOARD 

VARNER REALTY 
6S8-636* A N Y T IM E 

H IL L 
C O U N TR Y 
RANCH 
N e o r ju n c t io n 97o A c r e s 
2 wells w ith concrete stock tanks 
Good barns, co rra ls, fences. Lots lo t b orne 
M ile o f p a v e d ro a d frontage Like new b ric k 3 BR, 2 boff:, firepla ce *325 PER ACRE 
TERMS 
P hilip D W ard A Assoc 
Houston (713)426-3o71 
Wi l l d6UW Tfc'V-------------- 
6o ACRES h ill*, spring ted tank 
79 ACRES oak covered hilts 
SO ACRES heavy tim b e r, goad hunting 
7o ACRES cabin, hills, oaks 
259 AC RES oak co ve re d h ills , s p rin g fe d ta n k , c a b in , p e n s, w ells close in O w ner w it) can sider trode 
JE R R Y W AGNON * ASSOC 
928-31o1 
144 7719 Niles i m 

Good 
VET. 
5 
A C R E 
F lore sville 
C om m ercial 
RUTH 
MCBRIDE 
R E A LT Y 
1-391 2432 
" U P P E R S A B IN lL ~ a N Y 6 N ~ 
145 acres creek dense woods 
J R LE IG H TO N . RE ALTO R S 
Vanderpooi, ,'8o85 
512-964 34oo 
W ant lo lease )<xi 2664 acres pas lu re lond for caffle. Address full into to G T. M cA lpin, 526 S Van dive r, San Antonio 782o9 
(Ari CAN iE L 'T O U f t --------- 
RANCH F A R M OR HOME 
IN THE H IL L CO UNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A L T Y 
Boerne. Tx 78oo6 
249 7114 ar 249-13)4______________ 
We h a v e th re e S o u th t e x a s 

TEJPAS Shopping Center W EISG AR B ER 
PR O P ER TIE S 149-1786. 

° ' * ° " A" to" '° W n ’° ,U" d“ ,o 'U i 7o''ta 4ii ACRES neor F lo re sville 
NEW Lease Space in jta w M ttolgs and onces 
- 
- 
“ *— e-*. 
E D G O Z A , R E A L T O R 
*18 McCullough Ave 
San Anton 
IO 
Tex , 
227 81o5, 
822 53oo, 
826 5*18__________________ __ 

FOR SALE BY OWNER 

NORTHSIDE 
N ear San F rancisco Steok House 
O ffic e W a re h o u s e s p a c e C a ll 
Sandy 
*9o 899o. weekends 
! 362 2934 
NOR T H 'S lb E ' R E T A Il T p I T e " 
11,ooo sq ft bldg on busy street, 
! Pc sa ft ALSO 258o va ft. new stare Jock A lta r 342-4H1________ 

Ranches, the la rge st of w hich is N e a r T e r r e ll P la z a S h o e p lr 
4ooo acres, priced fro m $237 5o to .C a n ta r 
S m a ll o ffic e b u ffd in 
51*5 OO 
P le n ty g a m e on a ll ranches Shown by app o in tm e n t only G ill and Hugo. Box i86, Du ley, Tex 78o17 Phone 378-5545 or 
9oS 2681 

Norttiside Warehouses 
2ooo sq ti. and 28oo sa. ft. w ith offices 
Low rant. 
Jock 
A lte r 
142 4151 
I 
O M ld fe W lR E H O U ii space tor 
I gate, com petitive rentals, a irp o rt area. C all 341 2243________________j 
6 v e r ILAOO sq ft on Austin Hwy 
N e a r T a r r a ll P la z a S h o p p in g n a ; 
Ideal to r n u rs e ry , used c a r lot, auto servicing, etc 
Ben L am bert 
Co. IOU Austin Hwy. o26-o663 

1 a iK 

A p t s . 

F U R N . t U N F I H I N . 

 family t Adult Sections 
2 Pools A Ptayground 
Rentals storting at 

$ 1 8 5 
In c lu d in g U tilitie s 

P A I N T E R S M 
I U 

5 2 o o B L A N C O 

3 4 9 - 2 2 2 2 

A c le a n la rg e 2 b d rm , *69 E 
Locust, $9o 494 $642_____________ 

ADULTS ONLY 
22S-3547 
E fficie ncy. I b d rm S4S-So5 

Adults Southside 

$127. MO. PORN. 
B ra n d new e le g a n t e fflu e n c e s , pool. shag c a rp e t, b ig clo se ts, fa n ta s tic k itc h e n . R o b in s N e st 
Apt 538 Hot W ells B lvd S II OSU 
A ir 
I b e d ro o m a p l, w ith v ie w nicely turn, no pet* SIPP, 713 7o41 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 

$145. 
R IT T M A N RO AT IH M 
TH E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 
6S6-IOOI 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 

S145. l l and EV 

W hat type Ranch do you want? 
RANCH M A R K E T 226-S164 
Rf I Box 221, Son Antonio, 78218 

SPACE FOR LEASE 
HELO TES SHOPPING C E NTE R 
ON B A N D E R A RO 
474 21o1 ar 69S-1447 

Uoo $6 ET ,' o ir iito T n'l I . 'd tw lT v a re a . 2117 V once J a ckso n Rd. 
VV AN T i 6 A d v 
6 r L P a ( e 
SASO m onth. 715-oo61 69* 7777 peanut a llotm e nt in Atascosa 
Ca 75oo Sq F t b u ild in g a ll i n n 
S m all ar la rg o acreage J im m y North, $1o5 ma *55-ooo7 s t d R l & e 's E K fe 'T g * ft'n WY 
1,ooo sa ft-. 2oc s n 6o6 W Hi Id* brand 73S o9*1, *9*7777 

234 FARMS FOR RENT 

M ILL 

3 URE UKE an *9 ir e * c o v e re d a c re s in 
Guadalupe County Gaud te n tin g , w a ter line, tra ile r house, b a rn , and c o rre l* Owner financed taal ladlers al Texas 
S A 667 1154,667 13)1 
47 acre live oak liilj* Jo-n* hun, ranch, deer tu rke y 1395 per ocre 
Lib e ra l term s I 89* 244o 
• U M a n t f t i m w 16(JTW 
M uny tank*, im p ro ve m e n t* 
R ive rfro n t and fonding strip 
M uch game. ow n u c a rry 
727 o727 
WaUon E San 
4o A cres, 
Devine. 674 478o 

______________ 436 )242 
I L I A Rh a e r*,"N e a r 

2o9 ACRES 
B e a u tifu l r iv e r fr o n t 
P ric e d I* 
Mitt ERNEST SOARD 

VARNER REALTY 
658-4164 AN Y TTM t _______ 

~ 37 URES " 
B o rde ring M edina R iver, I etd 

344-626o 
M I 6846 
*64 1768 
CONNALLY 

LAKEERON I HPI 
CANYON I A n i BY OWNER 
Lease this tarnished, 'gam y. li t e sa ti d u p le x 
A ir c o n d itio n e d step* to water carper! U M per mu plus u tiiffw * 
SIV 494 I I H 
T I STI I N J" s u K V T If H i e t T 
Water bu n t heme I be d rtu m 
I 1* b o th ce n tp te te iy ta rn is h e d Bv 
SJ» SOO M I**6 1 M f Ogle 

T a i l IK J Sui m e Kh i c A 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C 
5 A fft T C f o r m ien J excellen t sui) Uvalde urea Owner lin u m t 
CUM f to 5. M9 2411 

RO URES 
MU Cue a try luna only t i nunetos 
N a m S A 
Ny el ta to ra * ra n ch must sea by Aprd tiOOO per pere w ith te rm s in q u ire h a * L a rry 
Mac ane 666 I IM at Me s/41 arte* 
G ALE R E A L ESTATE l l W 
I T 
H u iiie rT ile B g H h ip * 
G arner Stole P ark se SOO ta u tly aud tube eyer paym ents p l n u w ill Im p a c t f a u lt y p r tu b e s u m e lh m g rn tra d e tpy e a u fl 

'CAUK TBT 
K E R R V IL L E 
I bedroom . J both la d e r Tennis c o u rt. On 2$ a c re s o r m e re 
$1oo,o66 1-66o-M/l 
---------------M A H E H * J a--------------- 
86 acre*, new m etal horse barn, 
1oox165 indoor and outdoor aren us 16 staffs, rpce runs, nice ranch house fireplace, pool 45 m iles ta 
I s A E q uity. T e rm *. N epofiobie 
LANDON M A R T IN 494 49o7 

HUNTING I CATTLE 
Today in vestm ent to r to m o rro w 
Oaks. elm . ond som e s c a tte re d 
Cedar E xce lle nt pasture tor cut tie o ld e r hom e w ith E d w a rd s well secluded, vet only 29 m ile * tra m L o o p 416 A ssu m a b le fin enema available 445 a cie s a i *$59 per ocre ar w ilt consider cle ar property or secured notes far equity 

 land Locators al Texas 
S A *4? 1154 S i/ i l l ) t i 6 
I r r ig a te d ac raslo" la m s d e v e lo p e d a re a a n d M e d in a 
R iver, awner tmcwced 922 *794 

24o im aaled US&SO Ac 
Wuk b u m * house, La P rya i 
628-o6*5 
H a 17*6 
SM 4419 
WATSON A SON REALTOR S jghnsgn b r a * * H uy, Mc a B ail. 
CPK *51 9666 
KIMBALL AAUWTV--------- 
I i i ac ra n c h n e a r K e n d a ll# 
B e a u tifu l pecan b e llu m w ith c r pres* hi e stream $1266 par u t , esc owner fin an cing, tow daw n, q u a lifie d b u y e r* a m y , p le a se t M E d w ards 69$ ISI I. i l l W a 
Hobart COP# *95 >976, *9$ >124 
K e n vid e IYY a e r* exude gam e 
Ranch axis deer touow deer tike dee r, b la c k b u c k antelude m ug flan thee# Duet Ute of tunes SIM acre. evert farm s 
Owner s t! to? 54*9 k e r ry ill# i i i a cre B u nch ra ttin g m il* w ith gu*hm e spring * tu x # w ith bum end te ffto h clear water p « i end iu»he* SSS* oar a cre 
• a le ie H only paym ent* arguab ly 
Owner 111 3*7 1#49 t l i J B -g r iu u n T T T T i^ T g r rViOa 
UC I su lle n ta l l m ile * lie n near Pleasanton and Flores 

Seov. P O BOX 277, Pleasanton 
Tx 78666. 56F-2397 

23 6 • COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

SALE 

T T J ^ n e T T o n T T B u s in e s tr'flE j^ tr un tape odtoceni ra ilro a d , n e o r: active shop center, in d u stria l 
MAC R E A L ES TATE 82$ 2521 
A F m r e m f r e T “ T a r a r at 
City lim its an IH I/ Sa $466 dawn, no r e s tr ic tio n s , e a s y te rm s 
924 66662 6311932 
BARGAIN BUY 
EL M IO AT SAN PEDRO 
Priced to sell q u ickly O ffice sto r­ age shed an lee acre enclosed by fence 
Jim W agner 144 2141, 929 246o 
BOB JONES. REALTO R S 
KEY GROUP 
CAFE KNIPPA 
On hwy, fu lly equipped, peal hall, law down ow ner c a rry 7' j% 
■ w ~ . 
828 6*65 
73* 1746 
$34-44)9 
M ib u s T R iA ! i f f ! 

B A N D E R A and E V ER S RO 
H ID D E N M EA D O W 
5959 W URZBA CH 
________684-3311 

A s t o r i a 

F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E I 
S u n s h i n e 
342 T SUNSHINE 7M 4422 
Austin K e y and IH IS Worih arco 
$»5 185, I ar 2 bedroom cotfog i-.. lo rn or un fu m V ery clean. a u ld . p riva te , u tilitie s p a rt pd. na chil 
• dran at pet* 826-46M 
M fiM M M ISt W A P * 
B eautifu l, lu xu rio u s, targ e, dict. 
T V n n in U U O l o r n m washer. popL 1-2 bedroom s, atilt 
8,o66 sq l l new m asonry building i ties paid $231 Blanca MI-4113 pga r expressw ay, easy r gedruJKT ap). • copia* ewtVT na pet* 93o Peabody 922 9217 term s tor strong buyer 
9.ORO sa f t , M asonry build in g tor lease, m onth ta m onth ar Iona term 
4,$oo sa It building w ith 7$6 sa « of nice offices Lorge fenced tot. neor expressw ay 
PEACOCK. R E ALTO R S. 824 OSM 

 lt d r a a m C o tta w a fa r p d 
936 
224 9651 633-6518 

 t g a . T T f r m a 
6 . 
G ra y s o n . 

KY-------------- 55--------------flV A L L B S 
(DOW NTOW N) 
G RAN O NEW M ASO N R Y W AR 

 b e d ro o m , p r iv a t e b a lk -o n fr a n c * , ne c h iid r a n - p a l* . 461 
Uvalde Straps. $32 4616 

2 M r s e m , Soutbside 
C e n tra l he a t a ir. C h ild re n wet 

WATSON A SON REALTO R S 
C fiO iC t pro p e rty and a rout buy 
P aint and body shag w ith 3 sigils 
O S H A A p p ro v e d 
S p ra y p a m l beath, and a seaarale residence en I acre. Tap notch condition in 
Randolph area 
JOE JAR ES R E A LT Y 
*58 516* 
OM 3761 
C o m m e rc ia l B u ild in g B a rg a in , 
328o Se F t. e a rn e r le t, 586o S 
Flares 
Owner w ill handle 
92) 4517. 
C'6$4M'g Ii CIA L T D T l'BT M B . 
SU ff plus 5M SU ti star ape en I 2 acres F ro n t* ITO 
15o7 Roosevelt ideal re ta il location Owner c a rry 
$59 566 124 o284. REALTO R S 

STEVE T. FINCH 
C o m m e rc ia l B u ild in g B a rg a in 
3266 Sa P l c o rn e r lo t. 5>6o S 
F lore * Owner w ill hodle 9234517 
BS W B T 8 W IT W U ------------ 
Corner el access, toad exposure. easy ac cuss.O ilily, shop ar attice i 
MAC R E A L ESTATE *2* 2571 

EH OU SE 
4566 5o t i a t I2C p er i coma Call 927 $926______________ sa t i 2o t i c e ilin g R R 
S p ur 
I Bi d roam , w a il ie watt cor Jot, ifo&rz&'mfit*'-o* z^:rXul\ii> 
M ,u ‘ 

NOR I MUDS c a l l ;)5 to** ems pd S IM m o 5M 9691 

OJO itillM C T D lii D O n a tD lv fo rm a t g irl w o n t* ternate roam i m llv U U d lK IM r n U r tH lY m ate 3 4 9 /eg*, n a s ite f i t TLI HIL Li AHA------- 
5231 Blanca, townhouse apts. I 2 
"J fjrT o n d be dr oom 2 baths, tu rn u n tu rn A ll 
FOR SAU 

 up. Zoned 1-1, fu lly d e ve lo p e d I 
/r^ ,M o rta ie a u y *^ rn jh « J » _ ig ** 

244 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 

S 7 H T T n c T T T i r T r w T Y n u f lanced in yard. CUM 227 141, aff 4, 

246 INDUS IR IAI WARTH) 

T R a ^ T fT r c ^ T y lu iim T Y ^ T T a o 
IQ IH ISH $266 Man *84 MOO 

241 O fflC f SPACt FOR TEASE 
I 

In pi awing N A sector Reasonu b l* rales 
G reater S A 
Butlers 
ASSOC 
8925 N W IH l l 6*6 3866 
— n r T O B T n n B i r r n — 
4 ream suite treasonable 
R I 
Stewart, 821-1221 5148 Broadw ay 
----------------i i i AMB UI ---------------- 
By air p e ri S ecretary answ ering service available 494 5283 

 bills pd M I 4)13 fle a n a n c ie n c y and 2 bedroom near Ff Sam 8)14967 
Corol Sands l l i r 'Bt ~fpw<pur" I I af 5766 San P e d ro ), a ir. pool w ater paid 2 B drm tu rn $1*6 I 
B drm SIO) >26 79)3______________ 
D e s e rt S a nds e d it b r o a d w a y tu rn a ir, I B d rm $9% $26 791). 
" PSWWTB W FA LT Bf f ig I* 
I blk* A ir. 3 roams, carpet, clean new decor quiet M atu re tody p ie tai rod 12* M cCullough »24?f*9 
425 't n o r iw i i r iB moT 
.11>"pd deposit pqy toter 22 7 4 5o4_______ e fflu e n c e s , a ir,' bus. stiops > It wk si25 ma up Bills pd Section 
I * 5)4 34o1 4)4 9*45 
T w i l l M f V f 11L L J W . l i b - 
JER R Y SMITH, 494 3855 . 
W T T tiv n u c h i 
5125 Carpet, air 
I b e f p m <Ai, 
733 1725 

IXCUUNT BUSINESS 
. O T W 
S P P ii! local ion 
1443 W H ildebrand, lust att IH l f 
Quick possession T erm * flexible liman WMlsey 7358*76 i 
(.Asa ByxM HgxrwFiiff w e lt end lum ber in M edina Lake urea Owner w ill finance 
664 4211 p i ISI 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 

HOI Country 

1)oo(1 Pl tidily 
Approx m K 
T f ^ S h e n ry gtgp in dow ntow n M o ra y New rapI, 
W ired tor in d u strip l equip 
( i l l ! 
5)7 4SSS 

P e rfe ct tor re a l estate ar m aut a n te busin e ** R eception ream . torp e p r• vole attice. 4 salesm en office* Iprge pkg tot $38o mg Net lease *98 2936 eves weefcenu* t i t A'I A H P 6 K T ' 1 8 6 Abd? AV 
AR EA ANO LOOP 416 Far toes*. s m a ll o ffic e p a n e le d a tli pd 
Answ ering service a va il a l addr liana) cast Par ta r the i Mila coli 
M I 729* ar a tt M U eves. 
W W r m f r a i i » 6 tK i 
OR R E T A IL STORE 
IIM WEST 
AVE IN Q U IR E 1)66 W R IT AVE 
• REN N ER CO 144 M /I 
o«I*» s a u c e .'w i' fill niched int m edial occupancy, utilitie s paid 
G a lt C la rk 
IT I S II) 
H e n ry I 
Mater Ce Replier * 

 t m o v the g e n ii* p a c * e t th e b o u t a w o ls 
S pend y o u r a tte r 
M e n -.hu llme w ith friends der mg a game at 6nd «g. Close to W f« d e rtg n d a r C e n tra l P o rk M a ll 
Celeb a bus to any w here ja m gut com m unity w hore att opus shun; the peed Me 
I sm 

 at re c re a tio n 
SA 
_________ 
. 
• die Owner aud Veteran Boone mp avertable 
I z A u * * aute pend, Bees 
TS A cre * b v* ugh lite s 
* ag * I h i ut ta t in ten d 

 m iffs Ii em 
B e g u in e ) 
WBWr ' B F f I C I ll p ric k h u m * in areal lee align u n to d tar huoM M i n t i l l u « n s un 

 to f H T g ri T IBM t j pi aft"* 

I align 
N M B H i 
. $ M a u le d 
'a fr a y 
MURRI Of u g h I r e t a i l tots gtMus* rf 
344 78)6 

COR us gnu 

( Iff m n O ifiu b iu d h u iiii- l u 'u L c D illy t i l l ! ulY Y tfb! ta i* 
I),M f SU rf •« I i * * * nan! CIM Bt own to own pl a n d spgc H its P tg v io u s iy f t 
M*nhi T I * , t uAiu xA ip m El ii j* Ik 
Any t MAI * it jBeftihf 
* w * wptug rn V U U * WRB 9 W WUK* * aam tawppuip'i-UM a ii anguineal te h s id e tg d w ith Furnished 

We*I Avenue M f i l l ) 
B a rry Gnaw# wa ter c # 

_ lo o n e y, dup 
• ma lease Near Ft Sam 22* io n 
T A H H A V I L I " 

APARTMENT FINDERS 
T 2 4 -U 5 I 

ERIE SOO I HIS IDI 

I DC* I OK SERVICE 
6 rn nonces I I e n d ) b g * aum* tarn gr autem 51) 1)66 

 sTTT T a rta flto j V i g | rgaid» 'U K 
Am . Cub Ar* Day ar Reg* T M 
4 * 
♦ F ta 3)1 18*1 

 ga gutted ta agal Cub Curl 
I Agent i i i gig* 

 l f * ta a l 
**j*a 
Naylor Realty Inc 

M 
E 
W 
C 

■ f s 
S 
S m 
S 
S r n r n r n 

A l i n e s 

1 o days 
# 

N 
O 
N 
C O 
M 
M 
E R C 
I A I ! 

CANCEUABU 
WITHOUT 

RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

Fourth Page 

 til ■ WMIWMIilBBI 

S O U T O * ) * * V I L L A 

Express-News— Friday, March 4, 1977 
W t f M 
T 
W i l S 
L 

• Hued Drink Club ioolit.es 
• Gym cmd fie* (rome dosses 
• trouty Shop 
• Souno Whitlpoot 
• tennis (own 3 pooh 
• dost Fro* iTfnqerotors 
• IO Minutes to 
Downtown 

<o32 I. Soutfccross 

3 3 7 -5 2 4 2 

L 
RENTALS 
) 

• UNDA APTS. • 
233 HOWARD 

I blk. Metropolitan Hos­ pital, Medical Professional 
Bldg., 
Baptist 
Hospital and Main Bank, I and 2 bedroom apts. Starting at 
$ 175. Adults. No pets. 

226-8492 

"fcaroge Apf. turn or u n iu rn . 2 
° rooms, both. 1415 Highland Blvd. 
534-4741, open Sot and Sun. 
*_jkei-Lac. 82o7 Londm q, centro! 
^ i l r , 3-2 bedrooms. $2oo. bills gold. 
573-oo72; 341-4113. 
Large I bedroom, near town, air" er Dd. $85. 342 7884 eves 

L arg e I bedroom duplex, near 
B roadw ay H ild e b ra n d , $175 OO month 69o-155o or 435-453o 
L IV E B E TTE R FOR LESS! 
GROUND L E V E L D U P LE X E S 
FU RN . OR U N PURN . 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN TE N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D HILLS APTS 
2931 E. SOUTHCROSS 
534-88o8 
M A T U R E A D U L TS "5f<" Brood w ay, red ec o rate d 2 bedroom s. 
$15o plus $25. utilities. 828-1122. 
M ETR O HOUSE DOWNTOWN 
M O D ER N E F F IC IE N C Y FU RN . 
$12o to $135. 213 4TH ST 225-7333 
M O T E L E fficiency A partm ents and Rooms. By D ay, W eek o r 1' 
M onth 
D I2 -9 1 1 2 , 
P E 4-6767. 
L E 2 o152, CA7-47o2, N e a r F t. 
Sam TA2-1377. 
311 Natolen, 5 rooms, bath, gar age. air, w ater pd. No pets $12o 
333-3549. 
Near Ft Sam, I bedroom, nice, clean, carpet, air, $1oo water od 
Sign Poole, 695-3721. 494-5221 
N eo r F t 
Sam 
4^3 E le a n o r, I bdrm, gas-water pd * $11o 
344-54o8. 
---------------N I Ag' FT U M --------------- 
Nice efficiency apt carpet, oir, water-gas pd. $95 824-8349 

CPM CORPORATION, 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apts. 
AN Electric 
Kitchens. 
Outside Storage. N.S. Schools 
4411 Gardendale 
6 96-4892 

% 

2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. Furnished or Un­ furnished. 

11721 Parliament 
3 49-3149 

Q uiet Home 
Style Living 
Elbe to 3 bdrm. Townhouses w ith fireplaces 
12 floor plans 
Adult & Family Areas. 

66 2 3 Callaghan Rd. 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

• " 
S 
S 
S 

EFFICIENCIES 
1 -2 -3 Bedroom Flats to 
Bedroom Townhouses 

3815 Parkdale 
696-3 4 9 9 

NEAR SAC tffic. and I Bdrms, turn. $1oo. • 
HIO Poplar St Apts 223-559$ 
(N IC E G A RA G E A P A hT m e STT la ir, $85., adult. 733 7282 

Nice ¥ Clean 
—' I bedroom, drapes, paneled, car 
■Ppet, air, storage orea. $12o. W ater 
• paid only 
Lackland Kelly area 
■ •922 1 34$ or 927 2213. 
* n o T e a s I r e 
(I) Ii i r e d------ 
“ * Near Ft Sam and downtown Et w tic Apts Bills Paid. $89 per mo tm 327 47o2 1954 E Houston 

 a 
NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
^ A t t r a c t i v e 1 -b ed ro o m , dish w washer, shag, pool Bills pd $155 
— and up $25 hep IO Min Ft Sam 
5 321o E IS E N H A U E R Off H a rry 
— UUnrihnrh 

T 
H 
E 
G 
R 
E 
E 
N 
H 
O 
U 
S 
E 
1 Bedrm. Townhouses $185. 

72oo S. Presa 

( J 
Uptmore 

L s J and Associates 

£ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
* 
* 

L A P L A Z A J 

4M HPABTWEHTS UWTfflH 

NORTHEAST 
CONVENIENCE 

UTILITIES PAID 

□ (harden Settings 
□ Private Patios 
□ Pools and Party Room 
Cl Efficiencies, I and 2 
Bedrooms 
□ Dishwasher, Drapes and 
TV Antennas 
□ Walk to Northeast 
' 
Schools 
□ Close to Fort Sam 
D 3 Minutes to Windsor 
Park Mall 
□ F u rn itu re 
A v ailab le 

3o1-o9-15 W. Mognoi-o 
A p artm ents fro m $1oo and up- 
Near SAC, convenient shopping, bus lines. Coll 733-9857. 
1923 W. T ra v is , 4 room s, bus, school, by Centeno 
I. 344-799$ 

4o6 
HOUSES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

2-1, available M arch 2, no pets or children, 1423 Woverly, 734-o58o 
Bargain garage apt, t bdrm , only 
$7o. all bills Pd 
United, 735-9121, tee (513-1) 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, large den, air. fenced. $25o 434-4448 
2 Bedroom, hea t-air, $115. mo water pd. Atter 4PM 735-4143. 

2 Brdm. Furn house, plus fam ily room. Old neighborhood, close to 
Trinity U. M calllster Fwy. $15o, plus u tilitie s . 575-Dep. R e n ta l agreement contract. CAII 733-o481 oft. 4pm. 
_______________ 
C lean 2 b d rm , c a rp e te d , a ir , fenced, low deposit, only SUS 
United, 735-9121, fee 
515-3) 
Duplex, near FL Sam, I bedroom, 
I bath, fenced, water pd. $9S. mo 
828 2722.________________________ 
Economy I bedroom. CP, w ater ad, now $45 
United, 735-9121, tee (535-2) 

468 HOMIS. BUmXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

7 
S 

WINOSOt 
PAW MAU 

IIVI NM AUH 

I 
I 
♦ far* 
VILLA GB 

H IG H L A N D P K . S o u th sid e, 4 room duplex, child welcome, 
824-2233. 

483o Rav Bon Drive 
653-73oo 

341-4621 

• I -2-3 Bedrooms 

• Single and Family 
Sections 

• Fireplace* 
• Tennis 

HS NW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
North Star Mall 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Wurrbach 822-9195 
PAN AM A P A & TM E N T <------- 
54o2 B IE N V IL L E DR oft Weidner rd Modern I Bedroom. 453-2443. 
PECAN VALLEY 
GOH Club Apts. 
345o E. SOUTHCROSS 

333-9o2o 
Private cottage and storage, sin gle, near Loop 41o ond 281. Bills pd $125 available Isl 342-o22o 
114 Queen Ann £ourt, $136 bills mud 1oo9 W Summit $121, water 
.paid, living, bedroom , bath, k it­ chen Appointment 824-o334. 
Rent Furniture 
3 rooms $25 month 

FURNITURE LEASING 
OF AMERICA 

556*6o55 

 paid 2>4°?2Sd; 223-9914 fn o m m o ir Apili iment Acetal 
We have several people looking tor a c o m p a tib le perso n. C a ll 
M atchm aker Inc 344-1125. 
Spacious J and I bedrooms ideal tor young m arrieds with a small 
—child The Boardwalk otters J be­ drooms unfum tor $29o. 2 pools, club room and laundry Close Ie 
Wonderland ond Central Park. 
3$14 West Avenue 149 42o3 
B arry QittHigwator Co 

MOBILE 
JSC) NQI 

TALLY HO | 
■ H O IK INC. 
I NORTH PAN AM 
223-3218 
MON F R I 9-4 

UNDER LOVING CARE 
Covered walk w ay from car le i 
- e e l. laundry and mailbox area so 
"•'you wen I get drenched, larg er 
.ro o m * so you won t b a rk your u shins 342-911) 124 I $94 and see. 
THE KING STON APTS f 
22o2 Vance Jackson For TLC n Three con shut# a I bedroom on' el the Boardwalk tor $11$ each. 
Pool, club room and la u n d ry . 
Clote 
Ie 
Central 
Park and 
Wonderland 
ISM West Avenue 349 4283 
B arry G illingwater Co 
^ “T v M o iflT & M FD I i e m 
FT V * I 
G A R D E N PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS t 
YM AND SAUNAS 
COROOMS. I I BATHS i 
SINS to SITS BILLS PA ID 
PARK TOW NS APTS 
434-4191 
N I I B A ND ER A ROAD 
Between Hillcrest end Conuunon 

* #1132 WEST FRENCH# 
2 bedroom , to rte living dining. I kitchen, garage, our. bael. neor bus c e n te rs , a d u lts only 
' 
* 
I 
WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or ever pay 
W ILSH IRE APTS 
— 
Bleck et Pt Sam North Gole 
824 9159, IM -1 $»4 
W Magnolia, adults, no pet* bu* center. 11o8 126 ostia 

M f W WARE 
Oft S Flore* end S E. M ilitary Dr 
I Bedroom, arr carpet, water pd 

4D4 
UKE MHN 

A B E A U TIF U L WAV TO LIV E 
Large trees, covered terrace, 2 bedroom*. I er I beths, large clo­ sets. evatiabt* 
THE H E R ITA G E 
IM I babcock of N W Lee# 41# 
_____________w m t --------------------- 
Adult* Only. I I I I N O h*#. I be 
**' dream aet Ut tut ie* pd SMS Near 
* ' bus andToundcy 249 1894 ofter $ 

A L A M O 
H G T S T B R R S L l 
RILLS Guided eat I bedroom. I 
— polk. in d iv id u a l beet ane a ir 
Owner pays gas end water i i i 
■ ouH— _ l i d i ARCE I BEDROO M. I>t beth ir apl Owner pays hi *1 s it et and electricity Wpm to shop ping areas 
IS I 
Terrell 
I d s ift 
BSB-SAU l i t A U T O R I 

Near 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 
Limited number of e f­ ficiencies and 
I -bedroom opts. N o w available. 
58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
674-7oo4 

ADULT LIVING 

ROUT DO M BUS « V tC i 
1-BEDROOM, 517o. 
2-BEDRooM, 52o5. 

FOOL. UTILITIES FO a OSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER ANO FOST 

OffKE 
THE 
HABITAT 
3 8 1 S WIST AVK. 
344-772o 

AUSTIN ARMS APTS. 

233o AUSTIN HWY. 

Rental Rates 

Starting From 5151. 

All utilities pd. ( S t . , teed 
/ 
6SS-o421 
- S t e 

L a c k la n d 2 b d rm m o b ile has washer, fenced tor all. $14o 
United, 73S-9121, fee (SSM ) 
IS I NE W PO R T (N E ), turn 3-1. oir, fence, garage, $145. 824-7913. 
Or this carpeted 2 bdrm, air, no lease, fenced for pets. $14o 
United, 735-9121, tee (529 1) 

CHOICE RENTALS 
322 DARTMOOR • 4 2 2, MOO mo. 
Central air-heat, stove, dishwasher, garbage disposal, water softener. 2-story, fenced 

 ll 26 DARTMOOR • 8-2-2, $3oo mo 
Central atr-htaf, range, refrig., garbage disposal, fenced. 
2-story, glassed-in patio, full carpel 
1242 CHORING - 3-2VS-PF, $25o mo. 
Central acheat, stove, dishwasher, garbage disposal, carpet, burglar bors, privacy fen­ ce 2-story Townhome. 
6231 
IIM VAUDT - 3-1-CF, 
$175 Mo. 
2 air conditioners, rongc, refrigerator, dishwasher, aorwxjp disposal, fenced. 
APARTMENTS 
LIMITED NUMBER of furnished and unfurnished apartments in 
Northeast, 
Northwest, and 
Southwest. Efficiency, I bedroom, 
I both to 2 bedroom, 2 both. from SIAS to $27o per mo. un­ furnished. furnished horn S2S to 
$43 extra per month Utilities pd. 

873-5o83 
342-41 IS 
653 o57o 
WOR LO WIDE REALTY 

724 R E X F O R D , (N E ). 3-1, a ir, fence, $148. 824-7913. 
ISS &. S k ip p e r, 
O lm o t G o lf 
Course), 2-1, air, fence, den, g ar­ age $195. 824-79)3 
Try this NE 3 bdrm mobile, cen­ tral air. lust $1o5, call 
United, 735-9121, fee (514-2) 

4D8 HUMES. DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

CHOICE RENTALS 

319 Hialeah M I 
$16S 

S839 Castle Hunt 3 11 ...$ 1 9 5 

8223 Quail Creek 3-2 2 ... $235 

I2S2I Sandpiper 3-2-2____$3oo 

79o6 Rustic Forest 4-2 2 .. $325 
MANY MORE TO CHOOSE FROM 
C a ll 8 3 8 - 5 7 o 4 
CENTURY 21 

•OB RooGCR5, REALTORS 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
DAKT QUEEN 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N ’tMe, m o n SO, 
Oro** SOS,OOO yr. $4SOO dm. 

FINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Owner 13 yr*., Oro** $13o,ooo. 
Net* $37,ooo yr. Owed garb ing. 
$39,ooo. Tarn**. 

POLYGRAPHING A INVESTIGATION 
Tog ck* mint*. WHI foodt now awner. 
Not* 
$3o,ooo yr. 
St 3.ooo tot. 

TARES, RECORDS, JEWELRY 
Kodak dealer, ake fixture*. are** $1 $o,ooo. net* $39,ooo, 

?9 °FAJT FOOD O RATIO N blee to go. Owner IP yr*. Alway* bw*y. Not* $14,ooo yr., $13,oo6. 
FLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with mixed Wink lounge, grow­ ing $4o,ooo mg. M ort hr*., good too*e, M at* 13o, $69 ooo dn. 

(HAIT DUET w utM 

I S S ’ S J S S t f c . l 't f S o ! ! 

 nice fixture*. 
N ’Side, rooi ctoon. 
Soot* 
9o. mea n i i w i * gTso© **?1"®' ***** 5 ,5 ,o o o *** 

BUSY LIQUOR STORC 
N ’t. fine fixture*, Ore** $139,ooo 
Net* $39,ooo yr. $8,ooo+*ttxk 

BUSY HpRTHSfDf RESTAURANT 
Mixed drink*, teat* 13o. Grot* 

 fsOOOOdn ***** 
5 4 o o o o rr 

URGE BUSY WASHATIRIA 
Clo MI to bxM. Ore* ting $39,ooo 
A nota $19,ooo yr. $95oodn 

N E GROOMING SALON B SUFPUES 
Tog M et. Bott clientele. Ell t i yr*. Net* $1o,ooo yr. $9,ooo dn. 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK OLMS 

NEW CLASS NOW FORMING 
“APPROVED FOR VETERANS** 
• C.B. RADIO REPAIR 
• RADIO-T.V. REPAIR 
• th FVISION TECH. OPERATOR. 
• RADIO BROADCAST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.C.C., U t CLASS) 
For >nfo» fruition 
CALL-WRITE OR VISIT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 

San Antonio, Tx. 
3 2 3 - 1 8 4 8 

 fixture*. 

 aO U S IVlK A U TT SALON 
EMPLOYMENT 

S .*C B 3 S r,.rS iftS £ 
MI HMHXIOiU s j.t jd d n . 
* i m m m m m m m m m m m 
D U D ! 
SBI PHUFESSIUmi 

C t Cf a c e tla A n Co: 
735-9458 
‘ 7‘2Agft&-MAIN 
735-861 f 

HELOTES PARK ESTATES. EX 
EC U TIVE HOME 2,625 SO FT. on 
1.5 acre*, 3-2-2. with formal living and dining. 21X24' Den with dual fireplace. 8' wet bar, electric kit­ chen, utility room. 15oo' of Saltillo tile, carpet* drape*. 2 courtyard*. fantastic view. large tundeck with barb e cu e. A v a ila b le M ay 1st. 
$6oo. per mo. or $42$. per mo. partially furn. with w asher and d r y e r . 
D e p o s it and le a s e required. Coll 49$ 8o76.__________ 
Im m e d ia te O c c u p an cy,-T o w n ­ house Duplex, $15o mo water pd. 
Young m arried couple preferred. 
826-34o7 after 5PM.__________ 
In C u leb ra P a rk . 3-1-CP, near bus. Northslde schools. $5o depo 
Sit, 5165 mo. 432-3374.___________ 

4D8 HUMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 
BUSINESS oPPDKTHN1T1ES 

STOP LOOKING! Call now for a large selection of 3 and 4 bedroom homes to rent, lease with option to buy or own. Priced from $228-545o mo. Call til 8 P.M. 
Executtvo Real Estate 824-5345 

In d ia n C re e k , o ption to b u y , 
3-1-CP, otr, range, re frlg . $145 plus dep 732-3o17 oHer 5PM. 
Ifs Easy to Buy—Why rent and waste money. 3 ond 4 bedrooms, aome with appliances and a ir. 
Nothing down. Only $2oo move-in. 
First paym ent M ay. Paym ents less than rent. 
Hablamos 
Espanol. 
RAE R E A L ESTATE 474-4126 
Just redecorated larg e rooms, carpeted, heat- air, 
Northville 
822-9721 
________________ 
LA FB . extra clean, 3-1-CP, c a r­ peted. a ir, stove, larg e fenced y a rd . c lo th e s lin e , $17$ m o. 
673-$991 ofter 6pm 

A A A A A A A A W ...S till re n tin g ? 
Why not own your own hom e. 
Some only $1oo down! No credit? 
No problem! 922-17o6. 673-4714, 
474-7So9 
PAT MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
AAAAAA Home of your own can be yours for as little as $2oo down and payments less than rent No credit? No problem! 
JBJ Realty 674-8883 A N Y T IM E 
A Choice of 3-4 bedroom homes to rent. Lease w ith option to buy 
Own your home NOW ! $19o to $$o8 mo. 
GASE BAKER R E A LT Y CO. 
69o-899o Eve* 696-88o$. 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 

A C lean 4-2-1, c e n tra l a ir , a p ­ pliances, fenced, near W indsor 
Pk. $22o. 6S5-1129, 654-1454 
A.H. Schools. I blk W oodridge 
Ele., 3-2. den, appliances, central air, drapes, $325. mo. 828-1241, 
733-86oo 
Alamo Hts orea, 2-1-1, air. stove, fenced tor pets. $168 
United, 735-9)2), tee ($17 2) 

3-1-1, large fenced yard. NE area. 
*14o mo. 337-729) otter 4pm 

T E R R E L L HILLS 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, cent heot olr 
$275 mo Also, 3 bedroom. 2 bath. 
N E., 524o mo 4 bedroom, 2 bath, cent heat air. $285 mo 654-12: - 
RED CARPET 

124 Thornton Place, off Broad way. Near Old USA A. 7 rooms: 3 bedrooms. 2 bath, living room, dining room, den with woodburn- ing fire p la c e , a ir , c a rp e tin g , covered patio, laundry and double garage Shown bv appt weekdays only 
Mrs. 
Gossett. 
122-35o4; 
225-2811. 

PROFT OPPORTUNITY 

WI IU vt pen at ta* MHN* r*aoy ta WM m o . 
BANK RATI FINANCING 
• Ie M m M e od U toy# $12-484- 
3771 a m l a ■■taexxx duei*»a el 
S4o1 Mike***, ta* W W *, ti. 78218. 
Ford Commercial Solos, Inc, 
Hie World'* largest f M .. 
F\a ■ g,*- * Afr ■. E ** a- 
JfHMMJ linFDMm IHS** IOnITDy 

C 
CHURCH'! 
FRIED 
CHICKEN 

TOWNHOUSE 
Beautiful living, c a re fre e , con­ veniently located. 3-2-2. G arden patio to garage. Fireplace 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
Apartment Locators 828 5739 
W iltshire Terrace, 2-1-1. central air, wash-dry hook-ups. $2S$ mo with deposit. 826-2424 after 6 o m ask (or Bill 
_______________ 
Windsor Mall orea. 2 bedrooms, oir-heat, carpeted, privacy fence. 
$185. After 6 weekdays 653-21 $4. 

LARGE U P PE R $8o 
2-BEOROOM HOUSE. $11$. 
JE R RY SM ITH. 494-1855 
Lease. 4-2-2, carpet, dishwasher, cent, air, fenced. $36o mo. Rolling 
Ridge. 684-3682 or 684-65)7 
LEASE Condo, northwest I-l'r-2 , 
$35o mo No pets 349-9273 ofter 
6 P M . _________________ _ 
L iv e O ak. 
3-2-1, a p p lia n c e , privacy fence, cen tral air-h e at 
$285. available M ar Isl. Call col­ lect 
1-557-5397; 
SS7-Soo4 
McQueeney 
Live Oak, new 3-2-1, applicance. privacy fence, cen tral air-h eat 
$285, available M ar 1st- Call col­ lect 
1-557-5397; 
557-5oo4 
McQueeney 

Windsor Pk. Areo. new Camelot 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 cor garaoe. carpeted, fenced yard. $27o mo. 
6S$-o2121 6S3-3I68._______________ 
YOUR OWN SHANOR I LA, I be­ droom . I b ath , p riv a te p a tio , 
828-8983 n it** 
__________ 

412 ROOMS, FURNISHED 

Clean p rivate b ed rm , bath, ne coo*lnjhivmokei<d r^ ^ 

416 ROOMS WITH BOARD 

A s le e p in * room fo r re n t, ne heavy drinkers, dining privileges, food extra l l . 337-6o94. Call after 

PROFIT 
Going Business 
Billiard and e ar. 9 Pool Tables, bar ond all retrIteration. $9oo8 
532-7413. 
REAL estate broker needs work- in * p a rtn e r w ith s a le s m a n s license and knowledge of com ­ mercial real estate rn San Anton- to. 341-7113_____________________ 

R E D W O R M S *B uy bock c o n ­ tracts, tim e paym ent plan, H a r­ vest machines and books availa hie. 
A rn o ld 's 
W o rm 
F a rm lnc.,44o7 O riskany. San Antonio. 
TX 78247. 454-oo14. A n sw ering service 894-7331 
_ 

Has immediate opening for System Programmer with I to 2 years experience required. IBM 3 7 o V M /C M S /O S -V S I. 
Also due to growth requirements 2 Programmer Analysts with 3 to 5 years required. W ith same operating en­ vironment background. Degree preferred. 
Excellent benefits 

FHease send resume and salary requirements to 
MIS D«pt. Head, P.O. 
Box BHOOI, 78284 
Or Call Mrs. Adlar 735-9392 «x«. 234 
V 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

REPO 1ox14 Portable Sales Office 
Complete Terms. 732-5171 
Roll Old Newspaper into fn 
* logs for cash. 141-4521 9-5 5-9, 
699-128*. Ask tar Jock___________ 
SELF SERVICE CAR WASHES for sale Two 4-boy self-service c a r w ash es. Cash o n ly l Bv owner—Principals only I 453-1874; 
137-4)1o ________________ ___ 
S P E C IA LITY L IN G E R IE SHOP, 
Owner retirtnp, will train buyer 
ROSSI R E A LT Y 
494-7781 

418 WANT TO RENT DR LEASE 

All bills pd, I bdrm house, $1oo, has appl, fenced yard 
United. 735-912), tee ($27-3) 
A TTRA C TIVE NE AREA 3-), Air. stove, retrtg., dishwasher, dispo- sol, fenced $218 45S-44o9_______ 
I bdrm duplex has air. heat only 
$49, water pd 
United. 735-912). tee ($25-3) 
I Bedroom. I bath Duplex, fenced ro- 

£ n 
« r t l i 

 a p a r t m e n t s 

Fro* Utilities 
Country I rump in rh# City i Apts. new available 
6 mao* north a t Loop 41o on Babcock turn left 
•t Springtime 
6542 Spring Branch 
69o -1 4 6 o 

L#t us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
TOWNHOUSi-AP AUMENT 
LOCATORS 
•28-o681 
I NEI—-Ne charge to yew 
“fire h « k n ) M ili ta ap*. 

I minute to IM-1o. 
Private adult and family section. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodstone Drive 

WINDCREST 
•eeeeee eeteeeeee ee 
APARTMENTS 

 luxury living rn Northeast 
Son Antonio 

FROM $2IS 
656-o1 SI 
M35 WILLMON WAV 

 yard. large lot. carpet, refrige to r and s to ve, w a te r p a id . 3 
B locks to San P e d ro . $21o. 
141-2222 Anytim e. C E N T U R Y 21 
Roy Teal. Reel tors_____________ 
I bedroom. 2 bath townhouse, all appliances, centro! oir-heat. car- pet, drape* S3So mo 484-9o14. 
I Bedroom cottage, fenced yard. 
Ne. near Ft Sam and Randolph. 
$191 455-4838 ofter 4PM.________ 
J Bedroom house, no children, no pets. $14o mo plus utilities and 
$5o Dep Call atter SPM. 733-254$. or 922-7133._____________________ 

$135 $16o. 
BLANCO RO and BASSE RO. 
I I Bedrooms. Gas-Waler Pd. 
4831 BASSW OO D 342-37o2 
B rin* the kids. I bdrm , CP. fenced yard tor pets. SISO 
United, 735-9)21, tee (525-1) 
Camelot 3 bdrm has appl and air. kids. pets OK $14o 
United, 73$ O IH , tee (S3*3> 

1-2 located in Babcock N o rth . 
! Range, refrigerator, washer and dryer included. 
526S.344-42o7, 
I 484-413o 
Deonie Owens Co. 
3-2-1, located in D E E R R U N . 
I range, refrig erato r and drapes included. $24o,144-41o7. 484-433o 
Deonie Owens Co. 
L U X U R Y 3 Bedroom. 2 'r bath, fully coacted, all electric kitchen 
Rents at S3So G E N E W ILSO N 
RE A LTY INC. 655 4o14__________ 
MacArthur 28o2 Knight Robin 
1-2-2, carpet, no pets. $19$ 
344-734o Watson * Son 828-o445 
M ed c e n te r 1-2-d en , c e n tr a l weather, appl. fenced, $26o 
United. 735-9)21, tee ($24-2) 
M E D IC A L CE N TE R 
Large distinctive custom French 
C o n te m p o rary hom e designed 
I like Townhouse- ideal plan for entertaining, terraced rock yard 
^ (no grass), 4-1-2, m any luxury features including electric garage opener, water softner- panoramic 
City view. OWNER W IL L LEASE 
FOR $4oo mo 494-2237 

Clean, good condition 7 or I be­ droom house, dose in to town, well est family, reasonable cost. 
228-343o or 673-o496_____________ 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

SPORTING GOODS H i*h volume store. Best known nome in city. A business you would be proud to ow n. 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
BROKERS 694-5311 

I PRODUCTION CLERK ). 

I * i * j .Immediate opening in Pleasanton office of D en-j, 

3 >ver-based oil and gas company for experienced]! 
* Production Clerk. Must have worked with pro-** 
Eduction severance taxes and be well versed in * [ 
I. field operations and inventory. 
Excellent). 
1 benefits and opportunity for advancement. I ■ 
J [Salary commensurate with experience. 
In* jj [ 
) .terested parties please 
) - 
I 
Call Collect 

1 - 5 6 9 - 2 6 7 6 

BAR B O and C A F E , I tables, 
N o rthsid*. 494-8931 w eekdays; weekends 1-438-7394 
I 
BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN 
Owner retiring, wants lo sell you 
11 acre prim e Southside location ; with garoge ond aute parts. Call , now 
349-1479 
Hector J Harbeck Inc., Realtor* 
C A BINE T SHOP AND LU M B ER 
M ILL- Located in small town near 
S.A. Owner selling due to other I in te re s ts R O H D E B U S IN E S S 
I BROKERS 694-5311_____________ 
C A F E T E R IA N O R T H S ID E 
• 
Specializing rn pit-cooked b a r ­ becue H a t b ee r licen se. Low price include choice real estate. | 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BROKERS 
4M»S311 _______________________ 

STAY HOM E ANO 
M AKE A L IV IN G TOO! 
5-STALL GARAGE and heme si­ tuated on approx I acres. South­ east. 179,5oo. 

F E E D AND SE E D STORE with home, located in Southwest Bexar 
Co. Over on acre gees with this ane. $18.98*. 
STROUT REALTY 
____________ 449-145$____________ 
TH E W A R E H O U S E C LU B and 
Discotheque Is being ottered tor sale Reasonable fem **- Proven fino ncial success. Contact M r. 
Stout. 341 8134, 494-3229_________ 
TR A D E or S E LL APT M O T E L , 
I I units). Real money m aker 1 
Bargain 734-447$ 

51? - 1NSTB8CTONS 

TTarrH F n stessio n rilB A R T E N D - 
ING And bar M A N A G E M E N T , a world w ide profession. Jobs in dem and in dubs and restaurants for men and women 
BROTHERHOOD SCHOOL OP 
BARTENDING 
A Texas Certified Trode School offering free on lob assistance and discount to Vets. Call now 
349-2481 
ISIS 
JACKSON K E L L E R 
Suite 
282 
New Classes begin Morch 7 
Southwest School of Medlcol As- sistonce. 224-2296 HS Broodwoy 
Veteran inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational Belloot 
1913 S Flore* 
22$-3253 

681 PROFESSIONAL 

C O - O R D I N A T O R lf You enjoy tutrix I* tenon r end 
.Ii rr’—I be ebgibte ta HI ow new pm* 

 personnel ^ Iw U g L b i f for a 
(muon inliiiN id to accifrftMf rtip * liberty md 
I wlm M foil flPMNPMIQ idfMMMjl 
MfVKt 
3-11, 
| Bp,,.: f 
CbJWpiO'fY^JfYtY'Y 
.J vfjrt 
- cwfr y 
■ 
MA. ea^ta*.Aln rim re 
2 2 6 - 6 3 3 3 

6o1 professional 
6o2 SALES 

$9o Mo . $4$ Dog 431 Eleanor 
34I-B134 
________________ 
M odern I bdrm , cent a ir-h e a t, opal, carpet, garage, fenced. $28o 
United. 735-9121. tee (64o 1) 

J 1-1, Camelot I. all kitchen ap­ pliances. c arp e t, covered ond screened patio, storope building, tented SIM , mo 654 6762_______ 

MONTE VISTA 
I bedroom. I * a both I story. Ap adance* and window units G a ­ rage with quarters 828-5471. 
Strouder Nelson Realty 
M U S T YO U R E N T ? Own this beautiful 3-1-1. in S ierra North. 
Only $7oo down, $281 mo 
J A J R E A LTY 674-8883 Anytime 
Neor Em pire P lata at 125 B St 
Oft $ Zartam ora. lower 2 bdrm dup $8o woter pd 735-2342 
Near Ft Sam. J bedroom, I bath, fenced, $48. 828 2722._________ 

CAR AND TRUCK WASH- Mobile unit designed to wash tleot vehi­ cles on c u s to m e r'* p re m is e s . 
ROHOE 
BUSINESS BROKERS 
494-5311 
_______________ _ 

Used 1ox12 office, te rm s , tre e delivery 924-5883 
_____________ 
WE BUY 
Businesses ond Inventories 
J. KAHN A ASSOC. 342 4822 
Well established, profitable Sheet 
Metal Business for sate rn Texas 
H ill Country. (915) 347-5313 or 
(9)5) 238-4471. 

WORMS 

I Chair Barber Shop. going busi­ ness. retiring 
Call atter SPM. 
733-4337_________________________ 

We buy worms under contract 
Worm growers needed 
$12-453-514o 
WORM E N TE R P R IS E S 

C O M M E R C IA L BA K E R Y Local od in A u stin. In s titu tio n a l a c ­ counts plus r e ta il c o m p a n y sto res. 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
BROKERS 494-531)______________ 

5o4 MONEY TO LEND 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
8riv*fti**mtnt* ie the** coiumm ait o.itpttd en the pram** (hoi iota of 
1*1*4 will be Med on th* best* of merit eithout dtwrimmotion belout* el tex unlet* th* (eh it i bonolxJ* oc­ cupational qualify otion 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
Th* San Antonio Frivol* fmplaymenl 
Anociation ho* a uqid Code of I thy* t* which all it* prixote employment oqeniy member* uibvcnbe for in loc motion about private employment agewit* or action on comptomty tab 
7*4 78o7 at lh* loitci luwno** tureen 

STOP! i 
ASK j 
YOURSELF... I 

C A M ELO T ll. Lovely 3-3. S27S. 
Month 822 1o41 
_____ 

NEAR K E LLY I bedroom, clean. private. bus 
149. 
435-9144 
9om-/pm 
N e a r L a c k la n d , K e lly . 3 b e ­ d ro o m s. c a rp e te d , t'ib a th s , 
674-7397, 435 5247 
4715 Cheddar 1-2 den nice 
. $24o 
Babcock 
Rd 
I bedroom 

BARN EBEV AGENCY 
34 1 445 3 j Near Lockland. Ketly. I bdrm . 2 

CHOICE AREA 

• 
! 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
§ 
J WAKEFIELD - STARDUST J 
• 
APARTMENTS 
J 

Ideally located on buJme I, 7, end J bodle*tm SHO 
I t . . 
535o On teeter (.ret* hem 
Hoi (ti Stat awd 

•SO* WAKtnUD 
J44-45S1 

Just oft Babcock at 418 
2 bedroom 2 bath 
2 bedroom with fireplace 
I bedroom 
All ele c tric kitchen, ca rp e te d , utilities furnished 
OAK 
HILLS ARMS , 342-3318; 
389-8219.________________________ 
LA BANDERA APTS 
LU X U R Y I and 2 bedroom apts 
117) BA NDERA RO 433-1214 

373$ PLEASAN TON RD 
Southside t bedroom apts, c a r­ peted. peel. close Ie sboppm *. schools 
All b ills ad. BISS me. 
917-NOl; 833-1383. 

D n ccfin tn ti? ttcilfilitififRttfifift 

H ose 2 lo d ro o m . Y baths with 
French duur*. large boxed w in­ dows. b e a u tifu lly lan d sca p ed , very private 
S A. A P A R TM E N T LOCATORS 
•28-13o1 

* 1 

• I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
B t I 

Com us about ear close rn 
• rural properties I 888 Acres 
S ttti » Assoc. Roguery 824 1111 
Clean 4 room opt. $11$ bills ad 
Deposit 927-4871_______________ i 

" CLOUDHAVtN APTS 
US C LO U G H A V E N 
Very m et 4 bedroom apts located lust behind 5hokey * F in e of the 
Austin Hwy l i t - 1885 or 824 5881 

CONVENIENCE 
Lee# cie Vance Jackson Rd. 
P A R K LIK E GROUNDS 
I BEDROOM $215 BILLS PO. 
I 
PARKDALE APTS 342 8191 
Duplex CNH ie 

• j 431 i m 

Inspiration Mill*, 2 
I both. S II* mo 494-9I8J 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

182 K Hut soc be I Room boc net#* opt Stave, retrig, carpet, sir, $88 
733-1775 
_____ 

FONTAINBLEAU APTS 
USS E. M U L B E R R Y 
Luxury living al reasonable price 
U N B * beautiful I end 2 bedroom apt* Large peel. next deer ta Pl te m pod I b lk * from tro c h e e ridge Gelt Course Second* from downtown, min from North Star 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 

 i d e a l l o c a t io n 
T Bedroom unturn $18$ 
I Bedroom* Unfurn I I H 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
Ilk JACKSON K E LLE R 
124 H I I 
___ 
^ 

AT JU 

HACIENDA DEL SOL 
~ 
TIC 
1o884 BALI 

M i n u t if UL Tree House Apt* ■ put den Cam ple* nom Brecken r idee Pk 
T rin ity U end Down 
•awd View el Cdy Peel Launch * 
M odem end cornier tub)* M an 
•a e t 
M U L B B B B Y T E R R A C E 
A P !3 UTH 
M u tte r .!, M i H i* 

M etered I I I B E D R O O M Apis 
So 
T - ~ 
Leave Puepiuc. 
4* rn c en e n * Bow me even id* 
J O 1114 ar 

LAROE 
2 bedroom. I both, covered patio or balconies lets o« closet space, covered parking 
TNB H E R ITA G E 
I H I Babcock at NW Lao# 418 
SCI-SSM 
I 
LIVE BE TTE R POR LESS! 
GROUNO L E V E L D U P L E X E S j 
PURN OR UN PU R N 
E X C C LLE N T M A IN TE N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D H ILLS APTS. 
79)1 E SOUTHCROSS 
534 88o8 

LIVING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER O M R I 
THE CHELSEA 824 8226 
______ Cfh tar appointment 

E I R TOWNHOUSE 
J Bedroom*, air, hoot $148 Water pd Pdtto 159 Cl Mid-488 Ira No pet* 141 8444, 494 W U M« * » / 
MC CRELESS ARCA, H IS Cill* pd I Bedroom apl Carport Bort 
B arrera, 321-84)1, otter 5 t i l 8898 
N-Centro! ARI. I bdrm . air, cor- i pet, 5)48 341 4121, 492 223* 
Near Pl Sam, tarp# 2 bedroom*. 
BDS Water Pd 828-453> 
NACO AN APT-CALL US 
TEXAS APT LOCATORS 
349 1415 e NO P j g _______ 
North Central Location, E lm ira and McCullough and (HIS Newly u n u< alod Near bu*, adults only 
Ne PdH Unfurnished I bedroom 
W aler ad t i l l with dee 4 Me 
Lease 22* IM I atter 4 ond wee 

N erthside. small apl steve, re lf ie an conditioner. 71$ 1944 
I 
O A K N IL L S V IL U U IC 
; 
Apar tm *»•* and Townhouse* i i t i v t 
M 
A 
V U 
ON A HILL O VERLOO KING SAN 
ANTONIO LAROE I bedroom I 
■ H 
M 
W r covered plant terrace 
IH C H E R ITA G E 
I H I Babcock at NW Leap 418 i t ! r n * ____________ 

REGENCY HOUSE 
I AN D 3 B edroom ap ts, p re s ­ tigiously toe cled an H a rry W o l ­ bach across tram PT SAM Gall 
Course 
P ro m 5215 , b ills bd 
814-2851, 824-138S, 828 3333 
SECURITY 
PLUS 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies 
I and 2 bedrooms burnished and Unfurnished 
THE VILLA FONTANA 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E AVE 
(OPP 3788 B RO ADW A Y) 

PT SAM, Charming 3 bedroom, I bath, double fire p la c e , sunken living roam. control heat and air. 
5o42 M erlin. 
SJM 

RANDOLPH PT SAM. like new 4 bedroom J bath, bi* living area ; with fireplace, control heat and i air 1487 Glen Echo 
SJM 

N E A R RUS and S H O P P IN G 
J I bedroom. I bath. window units. I 
SH State 
S195 

C H U R C H IL L H I. lo v e ly I be I droom. 2 bath, oak trees, central heal and air Executive'* heme. I 
722 Serenade 
$4o8 

M E D IC A L 
C E N T E R . N 8 V 8 r before rented 3 bedroom, 2 bath carpeting, drapes, fireplace, cen- : 
! Ira! heat and air. Choice Colonies 
North 3718 William Penn 
$375 

I2S-SS33 
R E A L T O R S 

8241191 

Guy Ctiipman Cu 

CHOICE RE N TA LS 
J Bedrooms. J baths, ronpe. SIO* 
I Bedrooms. 2 baths, im m ediate occupancy. $28o 
I Bedrooms. I beths, 2-car • a r ­ age. $29$ 

SUNSET RIo6E APTS 
C e n t u r y 21 
Large I and I Bedrooms 
D E LA N E Y R E A L T Y 453-8558 
Large 
■ Prom $122.M ( burn $148 > ■ 
114 VA NO ER HECK 826 2349 
OPP 4488 N NEW E R A U N P E L5 
TENDER LOGING CARE 
C over Od walk way tram c ar ta o p t. laundry and mailbox area so you won t get drenched, larg er ream s se you won I b a rk your shins 342-9113 114-1594 and see 
THC KINGSTON APTS 
2281 V g n « J ack yen For U C 
THE TAHITIAN 
I Bedroom I Both. S IM 
$ bedroom I Bath. ISM sg ft SJM 
The location it se conveniently mealed a second lomily cor is net 

ALL U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Block To North Star Moll 
2*3 BIR C H LEA P , ur»*> 
TRE TARA APTS 
8o61 BROADWAY 
AN A P A R TM E N T i j 111uf n iu u iu ss its name 
I BEDROOM. S IM 
I BEDROOM. I H I 
U TILITIE S PAID 

? ? 4 9 9 * l m a n 
____ fO W N H O U S i Par LEASE beautiful NC ) bedroom. 2 both. 
E X TR A large I IM so M big pa tie. ad electric xii* he ti t m gills ad 
APAR TM ENTS U N L IM IT B D 

H l i i i L 

IF YOU QUALIFY 

 r n 
I ta en aer 
M uiV dcbe, 
715 8838. lo c i te n d 
F U 
A vedanta 
S U 
M A 9 Q I 
... _ 
I be dr gam 
588 Ken deli opt J 
• a tar aa id 
I• 18 mg deP8»>* 
’ f$ )88l. SH l i l t 
------—* 

 i Bed*earn I Bom $142 t i * * 
) Bedteem I Bota $159 $»|l 
) Bedroom I Bath 1179 $344 
OM ataxite*. Cee**ai Aw one Men*. 
N v iix n e ie ta f, Benne. o H P 8SOI . 
Draperies TV Antenna Stereo# 
Unit* end M e r* Apptuxtm etaly l l Mid etas Hem M inier* B e rn 
*34 8411 
5914 Moneevett Av* 

P U M A! ION HOIlSt APTS 
I bdrm SI48. I ne ne OU V* I t l l , a t rJ rA I f f h K 
PLANT LOWERS 
AM out opts h e ** lerg * belie* im balconies it e r a t e re a m w ile 
•very apt end tai* el * level epee* i bedroom. ) bein at t bedteem. I bern Ceil ledgy 
TNB NE RIT AGB 
1543 Reerect bt HW Lend 418 
3*1 I IM 
. 

H 
IW M . kfdM V 
3 te d 3 bdrms I bun univ* Small 
W 
I t f g t f l L 
•M L _____ 
V ILLA G E OAKS APTS l l Bed. terne end 8 thcwncev 
U T IL IT IE S PAiO 

OO YOU WANT ie rent ar taos# with option ta buy or own your own home? * 2'jo tvM mo Call 
IN TE R STA TE >38 8755 iii « pm 
2-1 D U P L E X , large living, huge kitchen with eating a r te carpel od. central held ond air SITS in elude* woter J4I-9IS4 
H O W A R D T A T E . R E A L T O R . 
__________C E N TU R Y It 
D U P LE X S I. located neor Lack­ land R e trid e ra te r, steve, and dishwasher included Bills paid 
124$ 34442*7. 444-4IM 
Poonie Owens Co ii ikiiiiiijijfiSitaMWWaiirMMMn^^ 
Duplex 924 Vt »idee wood. I be dream, appliances. S95 mo -9 SIS 
•leuued, yard kept. water pd 
713 9193 
Eastw ood Village Area. 3-1-1. den air. laundry, wark shed. fenced, women steve, retrtg SUS. Dog 
M1S5B9 
~ 
1 
F a m ily s u e d 3 - t '* - l c o rb e t, draped, all heal fenced, kids OK. 
SIM 
Ubrtad. 73S-9I3I, tao (533 1) 
Fam ily styled J bdrm has laundry connections, lanced. SIM 
UtataC. 7189111 lee (5)4 I) b ir t) lim * en lh * m a rk e t es a r e e ia l. e e ry c le a n , c a rp e te d throughout 
I I I, cen tro ! P U , heel water se Wear , near Windsor 
Park Mall Coil *5$ 9497 atter S t m me btu* deb 
For**! Oaks It a l me. 3 )1 . par den ready ta alani eats ie tenant 
SXS* " I * 
FON RENT OR L E A S * 
H i l l SMOKING OAKS 
O I I, super clean, pretor I yen* 

 bath, garag e, c en tral h e a t-a ir, ! carpet, rang*, patio, fence, SITS 
Owner B 'oxn t / i o ii(_________ 
Near LAFB KAEB M CP. carpet 
I in liv in g .m o ile r b ed ro o m , ap- piionce*. lanced *73-34*o_______ 
N E clean I bedroom home, car­ peting. fenced yard *2o8 mo 
ROSSI RE A LTY 
498-778) 
Need a 4 oar m r I oath, ait appt, 
I lanced. $228. coll . 
United. 73S-4II). tee (S183) 
NE 1-2 townhouse in The Glen. 
Targeted, air. corner tot. po g o, I neor RAFB ond Ft 
Sam S248 
458-4248________________________ j 

NEW 4 FLEXES 
11118 BCL AIR, eft Locknut Sol m a. I ond 2 bedrooms, H IO to 
$155 349-7184. 733 7194. 432-7741 

Nitty central 2 bdrm. steve, trig. air, fenced, $14o 
United, 73S-9I21, tee (S IM ) 
NO C R ED IT N E E O C D I 
Why not own your own bem e?! 
Just SI88 down! Prom $159 per . month 922-17o4, 473-4714, 47A7S89 

^ortnim sM »trwonenr7ood7"88T, i all appliances. SISO me 411-1888 attar 6 Owner LR B A ___________ 1 
Northwood Estates I bdrm . den on 'n acres, appl. air. fenced 
United. 735 9111, tee (SIS ! ) l l, N S I S O n e a r M e d ic a l: 
Center Range, refrigerator and d is h w a s h e r in c lu d e d .; 
138o144 42o7. 48943M 
D e o n ie O w y n s C o _____ 
NW I bdrm has stove, B o ra te , i separate dining, pet* OK 
United, m 
P I L tee (SIS 1J 
2-1. eld er hem e n ea r M e d ic a l j i Center 
Im m ed iate occupancy. ! 
SIM 344 4287, 484 4338 
P e p n it O w tn s Co 
111 PALM , Duptax, I bedroom, garoge school* shopping, eater 
! PE- 8»clo ( l l 793B- 
I 
Park Village. 4844 Castle R est. 
3 2 1, living ream . den. kitchen retrig, dishwasher central heal air, carpet, fenced, covered pone. I nee point S II* me >24 4888 
1 
Plush 3-1-2, carpeted, central air, heat, fenced, SI7$ united. 73S9I21, tae lS tK i) 
I 
Pretty 3 bedroom. I bath, en large corner Pecan Valley $13-91)1 ar 
I i3363B3. 
Private J bdrm house has garage, fenced tar gets. only $148 
UlMtad, 735 9111, tee (S la t) 
R e m o d eled I b d rm a ir h e a t, fenced ta# hid* pets, only S II*. 
Hurry! 

M . \ > - 
RENTALS 
WE H A ND LE 
Choice NE Rental* 

C O N V E N IE N C E 
S T O R E en busy 
N e ar m any a p a rtm e n ts 
$14,oo8 down. ROHOE RUSINESS 
BROKERS 494-53)I_____________ 
E N TR E P R E N E U R 
New San Antonie resident is m ar- holing entrepreneur for help in solvency problems a t inventory m8VPI»l8Pt. 454-7o41 
Excellent second income without le a v in g you r a rm c h a ir 
Send seliaddressed stamped envelope lo Sara Rooney. No 19 Allegro 
Cr . Laredo. Tx 78o41___________ 
Fine Jewelry and Gift Stare 
Prim e Northeast tecotion 
1,oo8 Sa lt $48,o88 Coll t i l 911$ 
FOOD TO GO BUSINESS, Real 
Good 
Opportunity, m utt tell 
I 923-8318______________________ 

I M 
I UECXER 
>14 Ita l IJ H Austin Hwy 
427 R E X F O R D 
(N E ), l l. ■ tgnce. IM ll# 791 i______________ 
Se, turn I OK A-1-1, io n a bai cor get cur heat fenced. SUS m s?;* Tu y i v . a u M f c u . 
SS 1 1 1. has stave, cent heal. garage, fenced, kids pets OK $1*8 

FO R E IG N CAR D E A L E R S H IP 
M a ie r a u to m o b ile fra n c h is e located in large Texo* city Real e s ta te in c lu d e d In e tfe rm g 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BROKERS 
494-5311_______ 
FOR SALE 
Town Point Bor SDS 
Seguin Rd in Kirby. 441 9843 
GROWING BE AU TY SHOP 
Good are a on West Ave $958o buys an supghes and futu res 
San Antonio Real Estate 
3231 West Ava m GS31 

LAUNDRO M AT 
34 Washers, l l Dryers, IB A * 
Excellent Location 
COM 431-44$$,484 o)17 
LOUNGE on Pleasanton Rd. Ful 
Iv equipped Priced ta sell 
924 4515 
HASKINS R E A LTY 
LOUNGE remodeled and comple­ tely furnished Poplar and N ta r- cam aron A real money m aker 
SIM per month 
>24-1414 or 
814-49)9_________________________ 
M atu re F lo rid a M aster Cosmo to it o i* ! m a k in g San A n to n ie home, would like to make small in vestm en t in b ea u ty salon in 
Northwest or Northeast location 
Active with w or kine partner 
491 99M 
_________________ 

Medical Dental Bldg. 
Investm ent opportunity l f fully leased m edical d e n ial bldg in 
R rowing business orea. odiacent i modern residential area Ea»v access lo m ain traffic arteries 
Many ether possible uses when lease* expire 
Fin on cine avail 
$198.88# 
M ONTE VISTA R E A LT Y 
735 a485REALTORS-MLSI23-887S 

M E N S C L O T H IN D G S T O R E ' 
Exclusive lines Located in pres lite orea at city Very or alliable 
ROHDE 
EUSINESS 
BROKERS 
494-131) 
| 

MOTEL B irder lawn 
Over 48 units, doing geed, excel tam condition Easy ie buy. Coil 
494 3419 A N 
M a rre g 142-2118 
MBG Reid Rsldta 

MOTEl LISTINGS 
We need Metal kslmgs. we have ready buyer* Wilton Irs mi et San 
Anoura HRG INC (a il A N M er roe 494 1419, 142 2188 or w rite 
14881 San Pedra, S A tx 78214 
H fO R e I E st*** 
Northville Pet Detective Agency tar lest peN Worthwhile, or ult IP bio business 
H as re c e iv e d 
* tai**n i> mas* meaia public t v 
I I I a d **rti*i« a weekly ant* ever neap Part tun* pcehts ta $71 Par 
.liig L ? j F - i i l i l i H , . . . 
Pendulum Lounge idea) night age! near L ac klan d Air P erce if 4-81 >4 

EQUITABLE 
TROST COMPANY 
We speciaiue In the purchase of: eChottel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 224-8314 
1*1* NEC Bldg. 
San Anton to I 
H IG HLA ND PARK STATE BANK 
The bank with m are tim e tor you! 
Highland al H ackberry 133-31)1 ! 
N E E D CASH?? 
•U T HAVE NO C R E D IT999 
Cod Untan Finance 221-4871 
Ready Cash ta purchase your real estate m ortage* 115 1475 
SMALL HONOR LOANS 
JUST PR OM ISE TO PAY 
AAA C R E D IT 
________ 323-6349 
Starting, expanding intangible a c c o u n t* r e c e iv a b le ..c a s h a v a ila b le fa r these an d eth e r money need* Cell *72 8857 now 
W HEN THE BANKS SAY NO 
WE SAY OO 
SM.888 ANO UP 349-4421 
.... 

SIO—QUEY WAMTEB 

1 1 Need SMM? have renable T d S r- ences *74 7296______________ 

W A N T E D HAIR 
STYLIST 

M ale or Female licensed 
Barbar. 
Must ba good with both man or woman 
Excellent opportunity for 

 right parson. For more de­ 

 tails contact: 

SOUS NAIR 
STY UST 
St 2o SAN BERN AK DO 
IAMDO, TX. 71o41 

Where will I bd ond what will I 
I bt doing S years from J today, if I continue what I J am doing now? 
I j We have 3 sales positions to | 

I fill in Son Antonio orca I 
I which con develop* into I 
I management for the right J 
J person. 
’ 

I 
• You con immediatBly I 

S12 INSTRUCTIONS 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short W ttk i 

O tFvai T ra in in g Im 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Mockoi Assistant 

Medical Secretary 
Nurse 5 Auk/Orderly 

Coll 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Contor 
1121 Navarro 

DISTRICT 
MARKETING 
SUPERVISOR 

Motor 
Credit 
Card 
Co. 
Needs Rap for SALES & 
SERVICES 
Territory 
Son 
Antonio and So. Texas Cor necessary. Travel necessary 
O utside votes exp nee assory 
Soiory, axe 
Co. 
Benefits and 
Car 
Allow 
Sand Complete Resume ta: 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
F.O. BOX 4557 
SAN ANT OMO, TX 71297 

 expect to: 

Attend 2 weeks of school in Dallas, Ex- pens** potd 

Bb guaranteed WOO to start 

Be given rh* op­ portunity to advance j rapidly into manage j maut 

Cal on business ond professional people 

 m u m m 
ACHO-HCH 

• IC O M I A U C I A M d 
A V IA T IO N U C N N * I A N 

 a tar*•«•# i 
P 8ui«dii*4 M flS lattenheA 
• IM tap eve 4 
• (oui*** et Stdrama eat a Quote* ta IM 44? (aaam a (tune Oui alew 17 beata* b led Fta em*at h v t m t 

Vt t i l OB CAU 
H A LLM A R K A IR O TECH 
I I M Bdft* St. Vt*#*#* »*<4 
Sea 4 at ae ie. I eta* /111! 
O ld ES 11 

DAV OR N I t i 45$ 4d4d 
Mer tee $ » y th e **t Realty 

RU B. Hm KlXgh*! I i i t i ll 
SSO WATER H U 

 r n 

I rn I bedroom* M i t C am Hoed. but et doer, w an ta sac BREN 
NBR CO 344 3411 

I beer earn* hem e ta i T e rre ll 
Hitt* Per tora or tar h e w anta 
•e t ran ta buy 
COMPASS RE AL I Y 
. 
484 tddi *84 M U 

Smote* t bd* m ok bitt* bd rn Nu* domes slid 

Id O b #*, move rn tad# v awd put t* tatoeht I Bedroom * tuft* carpet e i, teeced bach yard, la y e re d bake hrebtace 
S IM pet me 

 h u m 
_______________________ _ 
SH CHU HHS MUMIN 
I b ret earn S lid Flew 4 Pie aet l i f t * B IL AIS. Apl I MF lid o 
I i i 7194 U t f i l l 
’ 

- 
PLANT 
AND 
GIFT 
SHOP n e under $5. odd Cee r n m u at 

A l a n t s p o o l P u r n iT u b b bein * mmi Mm mc. bt# l l home iM x Md tat with ptaet our sere 
$45 FOO value tot! ar cat hone* 
M i j -t i_ ' n jiii iii t 
P E O * 11 
PO I 8 N I id s 
C e ** t aimer • H M R eel eetd *♦« ma 
•cit sett tar S II did la s h * Jake 

D A V A N IT E C L A S S 6 I 
NSW CLASSIS 
B E G IN MARCH IOMI keybO M k Seci eta* HH A tt bual mg Dr oft mg gad Ait Older Bus* m n* Courses 
Vet Aaareved BeraM New 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E r n . M 
M f i M g: r n im ' 
F misk Higk St kaet at Heme 
Uieramu aw arded Par N ee Bra i bur* COH Amor icon St tow* hw* f i t t M t i U U 'J L 
HALLAL ABO ABRO U C H 
I 11 l l talk 11 sire ten y raid 
■ 
FiedtS i 

CIVIL E N G IN E E R 
Clvu Engineer mg OroNsmem 
Consulting engineering hr rn has an opening tar a civil engineer and a civil engmeerine draftsman wrth a minimum af 2yrs esp. en 
I subdivision im p ro vem ents and ! m unicipal protect* Salary cern- ■ m e n s u ra l* w ith a b ility 
P h e n e :1 
Id M IS f tar RRft. 
| 
HAIRDRESSERS 
I 
P ierre Ouvei H eir Studio. North I 
E toodwoy. these interested, can 
13867SI ar $34-5577 
JOB HU NTIN G? *12 $95 o8o Ber n ard H a ld a n e A Assoc 
( S i l l l f ) 3144 
S ince 
IF47 
N e t a pipe em ant agency______________ 
ORGANIST, quanti*# musician ta play Cann o rg an Sundays for 
Unity Church 824-7351. avenine* I 
481 1423 Rev O I*sun 
|e 
Personal Linos underwriter 
Must have 2 yrs esp under w rit ma personal pi oner tv and tam ll V automobile Salary open Contact je rry Mr tier 71e|4dl 
J 
Pavilion Available 
SOU I Hark ST TEXAS 
STATE U N IV E R S IT Y 
T n * A th le tic D e n a r tm e at e l 
SWTSU announce* a H E A D RAS 
KE TEALL COACH Position Du ties included need men * bosket bail coach aaa met, ut lei rn PE 
C o llege c o a ch in g e a g a n e n c e ureter red Minimum al Masters in 
PE 
Salary com m ensurate with d e g re e s en d e a g e r ie n c * 
Ag eiicani* must submit rn advance 
I I A w ritten resum e I Al least three refer vet vs by person* wha are rn a position ta state the aa pile ants expertise ta tab re q u ir­ e m e n t* 
S u bm it na ta ta r than 
M arch l l . IFF) ta 
Bitt Muter 
D u vt tor et Athletic* 
SOUTHWEST TEXAS 
STATS U N IV E R S IT Y 
San M arc**. Tv aa* /le e * i i i r n tits 
I 
SWTSU ta bn attn m otive bi tten 
I M 
* Q im i'X *!!)L l ""P T yet 
Professional Executive 
( ensuttant* int i 

J 
* i« i tm i« B r u im ih i 

TO QUALIFY: 

Must bt sports minded 

Ag* l l or OVBC. 

Ambitious dependable 

High school graduate or btttw. 

Own good car 

 far IIM right person 

This is a lifetime career op port unity with ond rn- 
I et national group of com ponies. 

I 
Cquel Opportunity Compony R /t 
II 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

^ F AJB. A FJA 
BART JONNSON J 

8 2 4 - 5 3 7 1 

ARB TOU TH IN K IN G *4 setting 
M e aaa thine over von* needs- keg! E state* We It tra m tali er p a rttim e 
Easy ta de w in ear sp ecial a i e l * * * . eau ! Iru m tn g ct new ae experience nee es very 
We tai rusk OH buyers end setter a tar you bn# hem you dei He* naes 
■ s k it 
C e ti IN T BB ST A t t 

RICH w»d ASSOCIATES 
Bmetovmenl S e m i* 

 m m 
\ see Cl en < me teacher btatem eel 
SPEABS P S d SONNEL SRV m tun a sun A Vital 
F II U U 

ASSISTANT IWGR tar mens (Iota 
•np stet* Geed aetaty wad ben 
•M b Amu* B erry M ig Cg SM* 
I M 
W 
WOE 
I e bay aa tab 
S M It d t f F l 

BOI PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 - PROFESSIONAL 
6o1' PROFESSIONAL 

C O N S T R I C T IO N SI P E R IN T E N D E N T T R A IN E E 

$15.ooo/Y E A R 

HOMECRAFT CO RPO RATIO N is an a g gressive fa st p a ce d re sid e n tia l construction firm , d e d ica te d to sound p rin cip a ls o f m a n a g e ria l d e ve lo p ­ m ent. W e are seeking se lf-sta rte r, w ho is in te re ste d in a ll phases o f reside n tia l construction a n d m anagem ent. 
This M a n a g e m e n t-Trainee position w ill be fille d by an in te llig e n t, g o o l-o rie n te d in d iv id u a l who is w ining to worn tong nours, O aays a w eek a n d w ho needs a g ro w th position, where income is d ire ctly re la te d to his c o n trib u tio n to m eeting com pony objectives. A college d e g re e is n o t necessary, b u t a ny college is a plus. Construction experience is n o t re q u ire d , b u t we p re fe r 5 years business a n d /o r m ilita ry backg ro u n d . 
W e o ffe r com pany p a id benefits, 2 weeks p a id va ca tio n, p ro fit sharing, a n d salary an d p e rfo rm a n ce review s e ve ry 6 months. lf you a re in the fo rm a tive stage o f your c a re e r a n d m eet the a b o ve qualifications, ca ll C ollect im m ediately: 

AC n I 
I 
I 
I i 7, ti In .> Vninlax thru Friday dr send resume in: 

HOMECRA FT CORPORA TION 

P.O. BO V I CCI I 

San Antonia. TX 7Rd lh 

SOE MMIKISTMTIVt- 
H I L 

6oS - ADMINISTRATIVE - 

6o2 SHES 
W S M S 
U 
U 
, 

MANAGER 
PUBLIC HOUSING PROJECT 

♦ Career Opportunity 

★ Vocation 

★ Health Insurance 

A Retirement 

+ Sick leave 

Beginning salary $ 1 2 ,7 o 6 annually. Respon­ 

 sible for managing 483 Units of low income 

 fam ily housing at East Terrace Home. 

Previous public of federally assisted housing 

 management experience desirable. 
College 

Degree in Business Adm inistration, Sociology or 

 related fields. 
Two years management ex­ 

 perience. 

Call Ms. A lexan d er 

 at 5 3 2 -6 3 3 1 

61o i t p i C H 
„ 614 m lS 
FILE CLERK 

( S e r v i c e D e p t . ) 

• 
Job w ith V a r ie t y 

• 
M u s t H a v e V a lid D riv e rs L icen se 

• 
A p p ly fro m 9 to I 2 d a ily 

S ee: Tom H e d g e in P e rs o n 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 

9 4 o o San P e d ro 

EU HUUS TEMES 

“ I M M E D I A T E ” 
I need tw o good people who: 

 a) Are willing to work 6 days including Sat. and evenings 

 b) Not afraid to get their hands dirty 

 c) Has high school education, must have good driving record 

 d) Needs to earn a minimum of $ 1,ooo per month 

 e) Desires the opportunity to advance into management 

Q u alifie d ca n d id a te s a p p ly a t once 

5 o 1 o W est Avenue 

World's largest Termite 4 east Control Co. 
Division of Rollins, Inc. NYSE 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

We con train you to earn up to $4.oo per making 

 calls from our office, we ore on the Bus line and we 

 hove free parking. 

 lf you ore 18 or over and need a steady job with a 

 chance for advancement please coll 

M r. B ro w n 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 
A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

Son Antonio's # I Bridal Shop 
La Feria House of the Bride 
BRIDAL SALES PERSON 
• Salary plus commission 
• AH major benefits 
• Must wark some nights 

Apply in parson only 
La Feria Northside 
7 3 2 5 San Pedro A ve. 

REAL ESTATE AGENTS 
Are you tonudermq mokinq a chance in Real Estate Companies’ 
Do you find yourself unhappy with your personal production Ona can’t quiet put your Imper on the muse’ Have you asked yourself these questions lately’ lf you hove, why don t you loll 
DEARIE OWENS REALTORS ond ask tor a confidential interview Con cerning what 
Oeonie 
Owens 
Realtors has to offer regarding pro fessionol training, excellent com mission structure, happy selling environment, Plus on opportunity to become o member of the Cher is bed Red Cm! MILLION DOLLAR 
WU* Call 3 4 4 - 6 2 o 7 ai confidential interview 

I W M 

RETAIL ACCOUNTING 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
AVOID TAX SEASON STRESS 
Heavy retail store accounting experience re-| quired. 
Salary to 
$ 1 8 ,o o o plus 
5 benefits. Report to Controller. O pportunity! to advance. Height and weight must be in proportion. 
All applications held con­ fidential. Send letter and resume (no agen­ cies, please) or call 
M r. B ren ner o r M r. G rim m . 
5 1 2 -2 2 5 -7 1 6 3 
SOLO SERVE C O M PA N Y 
118 SOLEDAD, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o5 

ACCOUNTING MANAGER 

For division of listed Corporation. 3-5 yrs. experience in general accounting, cost ac­ counting and credit. Degree helpful. Salary commensurate with exp. 

Reply to Express/News Box 4525 
Son Antonio, Tx 78297 

 equal opportunity em ployer 

IMMEDIATE O PENIN G 

COMMERCIAL LINES CLERK 

(R ating and W ritin g ) 

STRUNK INSURANCE CO. 

2 2 5 -2 9 9 2 

Experience Necessary 
^ 

DIESEL TRUCK 
MECHANIC 

 lf you hove maintenance diesel rape* experience, you con eom our excellent income ond our benefit program thut includes 
4 
:j L-liJ..,, 

* fro* income disability and rchrc nsent 
W excellent group insurance and side leave program 
* uniforms provided 
* and mare 

For excellent advancement opportunities, quality facilities and a steady flow of challenging work, coll 

226-6167 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 
M/f 

Potential 

Employment Opportunities 

Serv-Air, Inc. is accepting applications for potential employment in supervisory positions in the following specialties. Air Force or Air Force service contract ex­ 

 perience is desirable. 

J 
\ 

612 - MEDICAL 
612JJ[DICA^ 

REGISTERED NURSES 

EXPERIENCED IN: 
Medical Coronary & Surgical 
Intensive Care 
O perating Room 

All Shifts 

NIX MEMORIAL HOSPITAL 
2 2 6 -7 1 7 1 
4 1 4 N avarro 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

For ready-mixed concrete, sand ond gravel. Expe­ rienced in scheduling drivers and job deliveries, keeping sales records ond basic office procedures. 
Compensation 
$15,ooo. 
Send resume ond ref­ erences to: 
B. J. GREEN 
Box 22o 
Carlsbad, N.M. 8822o 

AUTOMOTIVE 

ENGINE 

ASSEMBLER 

 dr Experienced 

AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE 
Maintenance Control 
Material Control 
Field Maintenance Shops 
JEIM 
Scheduled Maintenance 
Flight line 
Unscheduled Maintenance 
Quality Control 
Metrology 
Safety 

SUPPLY 
Item Accounting 
Fuels Management 
Supply Management 
Material Facilities 

BASI SERVICES 
Food Services 
Recreation 
Billeting 
Club Manager 

 base operations 
Transportation 
Civil Engineering 
Fire Protection 

Serv-Air is preparing a competitive bid to manage 
Aircraft Maintenance ond Base Support Services at Vance 
Air Force Base, Oklahoma. To be considered for employ­ ment in supervisory positions, please mail your resume 

 to: 
SERHIIUIIC. 

A SuttoVMrv "I L -SYSTEMS itJ(. 

16915 El Camino Real 
Houston, Texas 7 7 o 5 8 

Equal O pportunity Employer M /F 

61o OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

SERVICE 
MANAGER 

Opening tar a Service Manogei lo supervise In Nome Service Dept and hoodie server cafh Frenum experience in furniture desirable 
Good compony henbits ( mil coi­ fed 
L A V IR Y 
(713) 214-7111 
Et|y<ji Opportunity tfnpioyef * 

STAR rURNITURE 
Hu m 
, TX 77oo3 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

Our continuing t i porn ton hat opened redden I ioI votes positions for career oriented persons with or without t i p . no net Your suc­ 

 cess pelentiol is thoroughly ex­ plored in eur confidential in­ terview t 
Extensive in-house training program. 
Cab bill 
McGinnis 
- Broohhobow 
Office 
494-7651 or lorry Sogrovt 
Son 
Padre Office S24-G121. 

 k o s o u r& k fiim ^ 

REALTORS 5o YRS. OF TRUST 

OPENING 

For I experienced salesmen. Tindall 
A Son Pontiac • 
GMC Trucks, Inc. 
Contact 
Hanry 
Tindall. 

Handy Andy 
EXPERIENCED SECRETARY 
EXCELLENT STARTING SALARY 
MANY FRINGE BENEFITS 

Type at least 7o wpm, short hand 8o-1oo 

Apply in Parson 3 o o o E. Houston 

M onday-Friday, 8 a m -5 pm 

MT# Are An level Of f . n vnHy fmptoyer Male or ternate 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted an the premise that lobs offered will be rilled on the 
Basis of merit without discrimina­ tion because of sex unless the |ob is a bonofide occupational qual dilation 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The San Antonio Private Employ­ ment Association bos o rigid (ode of 
Ethics to which all ifs private employment agency members subscribe 
For information about private employment agencies, o1 ac­ tion on complaints, coil 724 TSO? at the Better Business Bureau 

612 MEDICAL 

PHARMACIST 

Immediate opening for Registered 
Pharmacist 
Prefer experience in hospital pharmacy but will consider other candidates 
Rotate shifts. 
Salary commensurate with ex­ perience. Excellent benefits ond working conditions 
Superior vironment conducive to professional growth ond development lf in­ terested, phrase contort 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 
SPOHN HOSPITAL 
1436 3rd St. 

Carpus Christi, Tx 7A4o4 
(512) HA-2o41, Ext. 126 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minim urn I year Experience 

 bart Time 

2 Nights A Week 
APRIY IN PERSON 

FROST BA N K 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 
IOO W. Houston St. 
(awaI Opportunity implore- 

R N 
7 -3 shift 
Full time 
Normandy Terraco, 
I n , 

6 4 8 -o 1 o 1 
8 4 1 Rice Rd. 

; 
EXPERIENCED DIESEL 
: driven 
: 
• GENERATOR AAECHANIC • 

•MUST BE EXP IN THE EOLlOWtNG* 
. TYPES Of DIESEl GENERATORS 
. 
I 
MO I5, m u ; , 
I 
I 
(MU-IO EMU-17, EMU-1o 
! 
ANO ISO KW 
• TOP PAT WITH HOSPITAL • 
• AND HINCH MNC FTT*. 
* 
• 
CONTACT J. M KPOOtf 
• 
I BETWEEN 8 AM AND 4:3o PM I 
• 
AT 924-41o1 
J 
A FTI* 4:3o PM mW SAT. A SUN 
J 
• 
CONTACT 924-67SO 
• 

HELPERS,ToGgTrS, DRILLERS ^ 
AND HEU) GEOLOGISTS 

N eed ed fo r Core D rilling Rigs 
Steady w ork in local a re a s 
Free m edical and life insurance 
Vacation and annual bonus 

Calf fo r app ointm ent 
RABA A ASSOC., INC. 
Consulting Engineers 
1 o 5 2 6 G u lfd a le 
I 
San A n ton io, Tx. 

L p 
M 
P 
M 
M 
M 
M r a 
W 
W 
W 
M 
M i ■ 
! 

III 

I 

I 

J * * Cutting Department 
I 

Manager 
+ Sewing Machine 
Mechanic 

A Sewing Machine 
Operators 
EXPEI 

“Work With A Growing Company” 

 e Permanent e Better Poy 
• Benefits 

• DIESEL MECHANIC (EXP.) 

• ELECTRICIAN 

 a p p ly 8-11 a .m . d a ily 
McDonough Bros., Inc. 
8 miles past Wonderland on IHIo exit at Beckman 

• q u a l opportunity em plo yer 

PERIENCED O N LY 

6o? SALES 

I need 7 eof aswet aganh prctar b lingual, iud tim* 
• 6oS (ommrvuam Paid 
• I luMUnt working condtfioftt 
• /tenty of Uadi 
TOU WK UKE USI 
SAN ANTONIO MAL PST ATI 
Realtors - 3494531 
3231 WIST AVI. 

SELLING TO 
MACHINE SHOPS 
We ore opening a second industrial supplies warehouse and need a salesperson to sell piping systems, compressors. hoists, drill bits, grinding wheels ond other in­ dustrial products. For csp pointmen coll 
Elite 
Spenrotti at 223-18o1. 
THE PERRY 
SHANKLE CO. 

 f TRANSFER TIRED? > tom th* moneymakers' Goad tom 
.muon spM tub lime or pan lim* 
I taming rn tommeicioi or louden hoi available Ie AU agen tv Ex ponton program underway in residential, commercial, E l l SW 
MW and Cent Any mourner ton fidentiol Contact lob Mc Cm rn* or ony totes mgi 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
I 3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

 r n 

THELMA B PRUSSMAN 
• R E A L T O R S • 
Wonts you Join us now Due lo our c o n tin u e d g ro w th , v e v e ro t openings have been created Bu i s in e w iv good, lib e r a l com m ix- lio n on lis tin g s 
B rin g y o u r license COM 82*-2347 tor app t 

Unique qrowth opportunity with o 
''VIOO,6oo.OOO company tor those who quality, votary, ond commis- j sion MASSO! 

SI 5,OOO UP 
Need 7 exotrtenced Closers. 
Proven m arket, high commis­ sions. no out or pocket expenses, leads furnished 
716-3123 w r w i a T i r grcr 
Estobilshed insurance 
M a rrie d bilingual 
Star salary SUS weekly No ranee F M -llll 

•YOUR OWN AGENCY* 
Formers Insurance Group otters complete trommg program ana oil types or insurance Continue present iota while starting your own agency on port lime basis 
Training and supplies furnished 
For o confidential interview, con tact Soles M anager, J erry 
MtPougold bv totting 324-73/3 

6o4 TECHNICAL 
‘T i t eT H 57" 

SECRETARY 

High school graduate; some college work prefer­ red ; one year office ex pier ranee, type 6 o wpm; shorthand ond bilingual skill preferred Work 2;oo to 
1o:oo p m 
Monday through Thursday, 9 OO to 
5:oo p.m. on 
Friday 
$ 4 5 o to $5o o month with all benefits 

(Apply with 
Mr 
Sonny 
Soli*, Southwest Center, 
8 oo Qumtona Rood.) 

GENERAL OFFICE 
Bilingual 

Seme (obechon expenento filing, typing Hoht shoring. paid vacation ond hohdoys 
Good working conditions 
Apply In Person Only 
Penner s Inc. 
311 W. Commerce 
No Phene Colts, Haas* 

• 
RN’s 
J 

2 
3-11 Shift 
• 

9 
Part time 
• 

• and full time 
J 
I 734-7271 • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

I WANT TWO tub tune reliable 
RIAL 
ESTATE SALESMEN I wtfi from completely and share 
O very Iou Olive business 
My top salesmen hove mode over $ 9o o o tit the first two months of 1977. 

Tem Taylor 
494-5237 or 826-6288 

• ilineuet traveling satesmgn 
Seiory a comm ission le a d in g 
'. torts compony Apply m person 
1*96 
Fredericksburg 
Bd 
♦pm-tent 
C lO B tB 
Need t quality siding clgser 
Leads furnished 
Must hove cor Cee W U U tor 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 

BRITANNICA 

I PUN ANO PROFIT BUSINESS lf 
: you arc industrious, con toitew instructions, ond desire mdepen i dunce, we may have the exact port time business tor you Send a 
‘ short letter Ie Express News. Box 
No t m , 76297 We Witt Cei. 
) 

NEWS 

FOR YOU! 
Openings tor two agents in our 
Turtle Creek Office Coit Dons 
Petcock, *69-1ooo 
Ot ANH) PWC NS CO Beottor 
HAVA I openings in ttlgphgng spies dept Putt time ond or port time ban Pedro end Wonder 
Plato studios Apply F676 Son 
Pedro between 9 J6 11:16pm or 
4 16 lpm Otpn M ills P ortrpit 
Studios, os* tor Mr Coppy tor interview ll you think you hove ability tor tramin# in newspaper sales, cir coration, etc Apply pi U U West 
Avenue la w starting salary, during framing per rad 

 l l ASE ANO KAAN 
We need an experienced leesrae agent or we wiH tram you rn our teasing peal Applicants must be la rn liter with apt industry inter ested persons must submit a let tor of references and resume and also have a current real estate salesmans license turnings are deaeaPent on your agility ond bord wark Qualified persons send loiters and resumes ut care af Personnel Dept. 1666 W Ave, 
Austin t x n m . 

 two full-time reliable real estate salesmen, 
Calf 
Norm 
Host slay for appointment. 
653-6364 
658-2568 

 rid carpet 
R 
E 
A 
L 
T 
O n s 
' 

 a m i 'i Z E 'h"" 
DRAFTSMAN TRAINEE 
| Consulting engineering firm has opening tor a Pile Clerk M e* 
• sanger Draftsman Trainee HE a iaduotion required Colory com- 
’ tm asarota with abilities Call 
I m o m tar appt 

NEEDED IMMEDIATELY 
C I V I L E N G I N E E R I N G 
D R A F T S M A N with at least two years experience rn and thorough understanding al vubdi visional tot layouts, putting streets, plan and profiting, atilt- ties and related work. lo to ry 
I com m ensal a t* with a b ility . 
Phone Mi Mortm (417)474 assi. 
Austin Texos 

COMPETENT 
SECRETARY 

Rust b* anural* typist watt goo<11 shorthorn) skills Position involves i ie mol work, filing ond bt* I hook keeping S day wark < pend hohdoys ond vacation Auto' rtquead 
Coil 826-9517 for appt. 

SECRETARY 
Alamo Arta Council of Governments 
2 years exponent* dewed 
Good typing skids required 

Coll 225-52o1 for appt. 

 are est paid ta era war ta 

J We HMH trawl 
J 
4 

M A N A G E M E N T 

P O T E N T I A L 
Marketing arm of notional hora w ar* tam pony neaps sell sat ■ iterant confident disciplined among Ie* highest rn th* real es 

P ton o Sr gen % ale sp*t son (M T T 
Need not have experience in selling these products but same playing ability job opportunity otter potential of $1o 476.6oo depending on abilities Will (rom 
Apply to Express News Box 7**1, 
78797 p W T iS t6 tjA r V fA A (,E 
Bec od Dynamic co kales exp with desire lo succeed Greoi potential tints *64oo draw Hire Mun lee 
Bahar, )4t 2331 
SNE L l ING A SNELLING 
Emothy 1*2 W RICTOR bere l f 
______________________ 
Real E stale Sa Its rn i n for suitor 
CUC tHt«INI*Tft* tit lf bun property on site sales, SSM (MTO 
M R M t B l M llf l per month drawn against com mission 494-Iii6_______________ 
R .aVfxloie Ap and Brokers al 
Woodcreek Resort In c,treed daunts urn) brokers lo represent its Mill Country Resort in S A 
Woodcreek is * years old and has ii holes el playable golf, 16 hates under construction. I* tennis courts J swimming pools stables, health SPA a rts and crafts center taro* with It motel roams. 
West World Restaurants Waler 
Hole Club. ever 7S6 homes and townhouses lakes and creeks, convell center underground atli , 
7 gait are shops, AMP theater, tennis pro shop. mini manna air strip 
Our com missions 

Programmer Degree JJC 7 yr axp. ta SU.SED 
Century Placement Service 

6o6 RESUMES 
It l l X i n r W f T O n F r '" ™ 
WRITTEN REASONABLY 
*99 ISH 
T iH U A A g i - M S m i iO N A r 
SERVICE 
428-o/41 

 flK AKC I Al 
AecolHnonT^raeTeTrecenFgTod 
BBA SISO 664 1444 

CREDIT POSITION leading company needs tx per ie ne eh phone collector with apod telephone vote* Salpry plus monthly banus Permanent post hon with advancement 347 419* 

 professional salesman Hi screen 
'•*9*Mh»rw, cal* Mon En, 9 3 

We w r it leads peat raw t 

Call 732-71o5 

EXPERIENCED SALESMAN 
Ta Se* constr uctra* mote riots ta 
.. •«,, .on- tar ca s. Must be set# rn obviated 
COM 
*9916*9 
Nm 

 deafer apptironts rn the S West on 
( ommissran oasis Phenomenal future tar qua titled person Call 
Mr Morns ae I i i / ) 7/9 *124 

NEED I LICENSED R IA L 
ESTA TE AG EN TS in our 
Southside office f o r a between ti J «66 ta i i i 666 per veer buvmg gnu selling teal estate un a stat* wipe basis 
NO experience iracos*ary will 

JAO MUCKEL! (KA 
RE A l TOR 
312 3 1 */ 

: seer maced boa* men amy cull 
J *! I i * * * ! ! MSS 
------------- 
FOOD 1 6 o X 1 6 SALES PER 
SON to call on supermarkets in th# San A n ie n te a i ta . some grocery experience neeessar t sorer, range •• 1**69 annual!v interview wilt be conducted bv 
March It tend hr ret resume to loan Kirkwood a 
Lu** inc P O Box SJI/ san Anti 
Ff o W 
M W r w 
Clerk I Must have good per san att*, high sc Baal fin s O * 
I t 
U R I BBBB PUU 
-SHK. IB ,f i g . 
• cam m*sNee ta start (attrap aa ie t n t * . . apr customer * Car aasassar. 

 ask tor Mrs Kaahle, Acreage and ump site a -,u< H saan avail tor marketing ut this some area j B E N E ~______________________ 
- i I .lait ,oI> smelt (Or solar ban ar ope r I» on site sales, t*oo oar month dr awa against cam mutton **4 7116 

SALES CASHIER 

LADIES 

SPECIAL EY STORE 
Must have exp ut retail fashion 
.Villita and I ashier rag w undertul apply M on, benefit, Call far 
M el Mr Min I M W U Taw Sat 

- • h h t w -tf o n r m T x 
— 
Tx Grow ing again need m a r* agents it you wa** g entree * ta earn aaa mara while eau grow 
J A H 
NOH RCI 
WONDERLAND 
W i t L r 

MAC • i aff sage f in 

 sm a ll foals 
Coelect 
G ary 

IB 111 IB M 
I « IMM %%. BMO BH MFT 
* 

 f i r r m i T and 
Cooper 
C M M * tg u rem an i C t 
6/11 
• ropeway 
'V 

 m g m m g g rt a g veers (e a v e * Hen Strewer. Ade 
Cen v e n ire * S aak 
C d f! lu r p p 
Pwinteie et MO E M I 

 bur stent lulu f,r „ > a n n u m 
" - 
1 w * a r* looking tar a neat, trie r untie Person wha leeks tar w a rd ta c h a lle n g in g w a rk a ssignm ents 
Typing skills required at sOwpm and shorthand skills a l 66wgm 
Must have a m inim um I yrs pen erat office expe rience, w ill tam sider I yr at business sc baal ar equivalent as a substitute tar I yr exp P retor experience in sta lls heal typing Suture aver S it* per month k ic ellen I fringe benefits 
Apply Personnel O ffice Rout 
■ 
G reen M e m o ria l H ospital *2 / N 
Leona SUI Sun Antonie Tx 7626/ 
222 62*1 I * I 146. An equal appar 
Iv ruts em ployer i f v fo L f'tW d lo c o ! fir m n e e d s com petent secretary Nice attice, goad salary ana lr mao benefits 
P e rm a n e n t p o s itio n 
R e p ly ta k egress News B a i IS R f z m r f i g n r v - T o a im w 
VS dis gel tao hatch pay meeting 
VIP s 
Ta i96o 
JO 
Gunter 
MI 2121 
S N E L L I N G A E N S IL I N G 
E motu> 182 W P i e TOR her vice 
I rrggffw r * 
M a t lard esp required N dr thug* a ttic # id le r y agen 
C o if M rs 
MO 1177 

JOIN THE BIGGEST 

Jolt Opportunity hi Town 

TY PIS T 
S IC R E TA R Y 
SA LES M E N 
OFFSET P R IN TE R S 
Know ledge o l Spanish A p ply rn person 121* West Ava 

W t r a n A 
R Y 
" 
E X P E R IE N C E P R E F E R R E D 
' 
22/7121 

 legal S tcrtlary 
W ith R e a l E s ta te E x p e rie n c e 
Goad ia c re ta ria l skills re q u ire d 
Mag ca rd experience p re fe rre d 
With dow now n low firm 
Salat y neg o tia b le , m in im u m S*S6 pius b e n e fits 
S end re s u m e la 
E xpress News 
P 
o 
Box 
7*M 
, 76297 
I egaf'secretor y far Uor til si de taw office Real Estate esp re q u ire d 
Salary com m ensurate w ith o a ilily ond exp 724 4171 
Lee ro ta ry u ■ • cp iio n ’ sl. excellen t ty p in g s k ills n e c e s s a ry , good cfaricgt gpM udg versatile person tor d iv e rs ifie d d u tie s , su ch os phenes, tilin g , p ro e t re e d . and rg c g rd kee p in g s a la ry SSS* la 
2*66 p e r m o n th 
A ll C o m p a n y benefits Cull 277 Q2*s (ar opal 

SECRETARY RECEPTIONIST 
P leasan t te le p h o n e v o ic e , w e ll g ro o m e d , ty p e S6W PM s d a y w e e k , n e rth s id e te a c a tre n s m ss** eta *2* sss i 
'y o k in g legal secretary w ith ex 
Perieruc in tria l procedures end a g ility ta p e rfo rm dudes w ith a m in im u m et su p e rvisio n S alary com m e nsurate w ith e xp e rie n ce awd A bility 277 JIO* bio emeu carnal 

AUTO m u CLERK 
Experienced p art lim e I Pays a weak Cad M rs Fouls 727 I4M 
K 'V ery 'lA A C M liW v K * ' ' 
New Day Personnel Consults 
* * i NE Leap 416 Spile S II 

6 6 6 k a e e p n r g E r e rr a r o r t IC E references required 
4S4-H21 
BOOK ii I E r i l l 6 o n j' T V P i N g he lp needed 
A p p ly in p e rs o n 
Kmqston M fg Co. 21o T h ird St (at 
B roadw ay) between 
8am 3pm weekdays 

BOOKKEEPING 
Need person capable of tpk ma fu ll c h a rg e of b o o ks. N o n -s m o k e r i please opply 1o-17 H illside M onor 
I MIO Gaud Lone 628 o*o4 
, Casualty insurance agency needs 
, oulo role clerk 
E xperience only ll need opply 349 139S 

CLERK TYPIST 
Bilingual type SO wpm M ust hove 
. d rive rs license Coll *74 227o 

CURK TYPIST 
W arehouse office past in ve n to ry 
I records, type orders 2 day week. 
AS 
Southern M oving A Storage 
1727 1297 
M r, NM M * 

CLERK TYPIST 
N o rth side office, no e xp e rie n ce n e c e s s a ry , ty p e SOWPM 
C a ll 
1724 /221 tor appt 
S lim e d la b o ra to ry needs fio rd w o rk in g ba ck up tile d a r k to r n ig h t s h ift 
C a ll M s H ic k e y 
*9o 172o Mon F r i I S E q u a l ap portum ty em ployer tT o N c P I1 5 W C T 1 -------- 
Needs C oredr Consultants 
*99 IOU 
C P (soakkeeper • gi/esfsrde I g.H u ttic e , S d a y s ; ty p in g s k ills necessary d iv e r t e d duties good phone v o ic e 
F rin g e b e n e fits , s a la ry d e p e n d s on a b ilit y . im m ediate opening 242-6247 

E x p e rie n c e d B o o kke e p e r o n ly 
E xpertence in in ve n to ry control, reordering, ledger entry p a yro ll 
Salary open Send resum e Ie P O 
Box 321*3. SanAntanto 7821* 

FINANCE COMPANY" 

•AIDES* 
•RNsLVNs 11-7.3 ll 
Non sm o ke r please a p p ly 1o-17 
H illside M onor 631o Gaud Lane 
878-o*o* 
D E N TA L M V G ltN IS T to w o ri In c h ild re n s c lin ic . P a rt-tim e ar l ull tim e Coll 434 23*8 (or appt 
D ow ntow n M D d e sire s M e d ic a l 
T e ch n icia n . S panish L a n g u a g e ond references required. S tarting salory MSO m onth Reply to Ex- press News Box 4499____________ 

FEE PO ” 
Experienced Dr s receptionist 
Also exp. mea tra n scrib e r 
SPEARS PE R S O N NEL SRV 
7o7 Jackson K e lle r 
828 1297 
I lV fJ 
7 1, H -7 
F u ll tim e to r n u rs in g home, Relief oil shifts 924 SS33 
IVN RELIEF 
7 3 and J IL *24 8134 
LVNs FULL TIME 
/-J ond I I i We otter com petitive 
• a e t . com pany p a id lite in s u r­ ance vocations ond o goad e n v ir­ o n m e n t to p r a c tic e g e r ia t r ic n u rs in g M e m o ria l M e d ic a l HS 
Lewis 723 SS?) 
M r o r r A r R E c E M i6 k K T # ; penanced, m atu re tar P hysicians office M ust have expe rience in 
Doctors office and be capable at s u p e rv is in g S a la ry open ben etits W ide qua lifica tions and ex­ p e rie n c e s ie the E x p re s s ond 
News, P O Box 4*29, 76297 

PARTS MANAGER 
WANTED!! 
For Country Ford 
Dealership 

W ill consider goo d 

 coon ier m on, ready to toke over D eportm ent 

CAIL: 6 7 7 .8 2 o o 

 i ..n ^ frre g ixif^ 
^ wb i ^ y bg id ^ W a i n<|^> 

M o T o R G R A D E R O P E R A T O R 
< I 

• Must be a finish blade person on 
CAT # 12 

• ALL LOCAL W O R K 

• 5o hr. week, 4o hr. guarantee 

L 

M e a tie r C o n stru c tio n Co. 

Weekdays, 8 to 5,684-7281 

S ereM ^W A —gx^^yiq% ii ii 

BENCH 
TECHNICIAN 

H ove ope ning for e x ­ 

 p erie nced 
TV trench technician. 
S alary open to quo f'fred per- son 
Excellent com ­ p o n y benefits. 

Call 7 3 6 -4 6 o 3 

Exp. Trailer Mechanic 
Fringe benefits, good pay, steady e m p lo y m e n t, L u fk in T r a ile r s , 
3343 Roosevelt Ave 

Openings for qua lifie d Pressm an to r f o llo w in g e q u ip m e n t: 
1 -iO xis c h ie f. 1 ix i7 M u lti also 
19x2$ ATF, and 29' Com m ander, 

 needed, re fe re n c e s and e x p e r ranee necessary st OO aer hour start, opply 27oo T ro vis, Houston. 
Tx or COM 713 S26-IISO 

J a, 723 2o37 

FITTER SEAMSTRESS 
Empurranced. todies od our el E x­ cellent benefits Apply in person. 
M onger S m art Shoe. N o rth Star 
MRW 
3 F ra m in g C a rpi n ln s 

P A IN T E R H E L P E R 
E xp ar perm .. Go to w ork now* 
CAR C R AFT, 6o3 N Alam o 
P a rttim e s e rv ic e s ta tio n oH e'f- dont. Apply 7224 Saw P edro 

Layo ut Men 
COH atter ta m 34* *467 

MEDICAL RECORDS RRA 
Non sm oker plea sr apply IO 12 of 
Hillside Manor 631o G aul! Lane 
828-o*o* 
R r t m g f c Y g l f U M f Flours 6 'S 
M onday F rid a y some tra v e l in vowed, m ust hove own tran sact lotion, altei noting weekends Call for oppeinlm enl, 34* 41 *3 
RS) lo r u ile rn a tin g weekends Ex desires to em ploy young lady tor # e ri«,l t , a * , tfes. an sh ifts C o ll perm anent position of colle ctio n 4*g * * 7 4 between Va rn lp m 

GENERAL 
MAINTENANCE MAN 

 established lea) Estate Compony 
Must hove pickup or VEN end be rn good physical < midi lion (aM Dave 
I turkrass, • » MOI 

 feosour&kfihis. 

HA3IoRS - Sd TUM OF IWftl 

•HAIRDRESSERS# 
W anted tar im m edia te openings. 
Con Joe. * 2* M44. 
T W I* 
433-1127 
622 2236 
62* 7*13 

 clerk, typist, gen e ia l u llice work 
P revious c re d it exp helpful- but not necessary 
A p p ly in person 
7*1 S Mora 

 r o ll C h b re e lM liU e p e r To) VsT lo ca l firm Good s a lo ry , (rin g # benefits, ho sp ita l and lite in cu r unco P a rt tim e position Reply to 
Express News Box 434o_________ 

FULL CHARGE BOOKS 

 utlT T'sRiff Pull lime--------- 
Normandy Terrace Inc. 
*41-o1o1 
841 R IC * R d 
San A n to n io H e a lth ie r v i c r s 
P lacem ents, Inc , 64 N C 
Loop 
1 41o. Suite I I I * 349-4313. tame! 
NIC I AN tor physician s g ro u p in 
_ 
U va ld a T txa s No weekends, No p e rs o n M e n g e 'r 'S m a r t's h o p n ig h ts R e fe re n c e s and e x p e r 
N orth Star M g * ranee required Coll 724 1 774, Ask 
•or E ll JJS tor in fo rm a tio n 

PRESSMAN 
P e rm a n e n t, e x p e rie n c e d only 
D ic k 36o p lo te m a k e r 
B a u m 
(o ld e r 
S teady w o rk good ben elds Southern M u s k . 72* 8167. IO am Spm Mr Ephross p F f T s ' OP t W I J 6 1 * JTnTTd good opp ortunity tor quoldrad AB 
Dick 36o o p e ra to r, ca ll 826 32SS between * ond 4 pm weekdays 
R E F B IG fe R l» t6 l4 A .d T o n d - r 
11 o n I n q 
R e o o ir 
S e rv ic e 
Sam 4 3opm lo p p o sitio n Koel w h i! 
A ir 
C o n d itio n in g 
331o 
C operand 227 o366_________ 
Rooters exp only wood ond comp ro o ts new c o n s tr u c tio n . C o il otter 6PM. 732 8443______________ 

ROUTE SALES 
SGF T D R IN K FIR M 
SALARY ^C O M M IS SIO N 
O is lrib u to rs w e lcom e s m a ll in vestm ent required Apply in per son only lo Pele or A rth u r utter 
J 3opm ai 4236 D irector Dr Texos 

 h a if. j ranced law nm ow er m echanK ana t 
,.... j .—. 
DRESSER wanted Good w o rkin g non, 
8331 
Iro o d w o y 
•DPTy (A p e rs o fi, 38?? N o to t 
8288878 d o c lm fp 
“ •ted o service mon who under 
Smith F in ish e r's experience univ stands ond con c a lib ra te Ih e r 
]_ 
434 8873____________ m osto ls on c o m m e rc iu l ranges and equip Able bodied ond ropo hie of in stalling resta ura nt equip th is is a perm anent mb with good uov and b e n e fits < loc ai > 
W n le t ile r g iv in g post e m p lo y m e n t and refe ren t es PO Box »I84 Son 
Antonio Tx t*?o4 

6 6 n7 ¥ T T F ~ w o 'r V T rI bv'w e. «. 
COM 
S749A73; 
8 ilium 4 3opm 
, . , , w , tU c T D 

 conditions 
Coll 
*64 3324 
*64-2121 
] 
C iperranred fiberglass workers needed Apply Vasca Plastics 1o2 
S Avenue A, Freeparl, Tx Cod c o lle c t 
713 t i l 8146 ar 
: 713-293 t u t 
Equal opportunity employer r x E r r i g m i ’B 6 W l v 
» ,p e layers, manhole buna*! and utile tv lobarers 674 2777 ar *32-9336 

^EXPERIENCED FITTER 
Must have experience as o titter 
•or todies apparel shop Excellent benefits, salary open Apply in 

HAIRDRESSERS need 2 experienced ond stable hairdressers immediately tor es­ tablished clientele P a rt tim e, goad hours, excellent pay Call 
*84 4*11 and leav* message ar 
674-6794 atter 3 k tfl'B'T f V l i s t mas) be exper 
, tented Established salon in north central SA A ri Beauty Solon 4663 
: McCullough 826 SIS? h a ir s ty lis t c u l-b lo w shop. j 6o", comm 176 *o63 142 6769 
I Im m e d ia te o pe n ing s e xo e r 

NORTHSIDE Co7JG»ANY 
Locka E rn ploy men I service 
*2* 9*71 
7444 Cregee 
G ill' K U B IT . Lingle. gHrqciive lo o kin g for m ore than rest a solaiy assisting in small growing business Traval ana long hours. 

In s u ra n c e agency needs in d iv id u a l w ith accaunting exp 
Pf tie r casuulty insurance back prouna, same secretarial duties 
Can h .qey Agene> 349 *4»4 

RECEPTIONIST TYPIST 

General Office Wark Fringe benefits Brand new attice 
Babcock and 416 
COM tar interview 

SUE m il l e r 
24*4*71 

•Jecol br Ja alp ir'e xp hetaluT 
Hasid* I SOO up 
Century Ftacenrani Service 
ISI W C enlui, » i*g He IIH 

Secretary iuokkeeper 
LiN *vpmg must know ho* to use 
I* key, some exper ranee in bauk keeping Ollie * exparrenre and shorthand required Gy annum! maul only 4*4 3237 

Experienced carpenters Must have truck anc) be dependabu or please den I c a ll 
N a rth e a s t builders 249 41*1. 
S it W i t T M K : 
, ---- 
,, 
Attention barse laver v. openings painter A ll in one M ust hove tar grooms, must have Hum our 
(airan, and be obi* ta relocate 
•ruck and bt dependable or dun I call Northeast Builders. 349-4I9I sa.Yi.TO 'm TTgi^r 
AuVomobile a ir candiiioner ser 
* Heman wanted, experienced 

JOIN TNE BIGGEST 

Jot Opportunity in Town 

TYPIST 
SECRETARY 
SALESMEN 
OFFSET PRINTERS 
Knowledge at Spanish Apply rn person 1114 West Ave 
(7) Licensed Ugfr dressers, with without following Lean Valley re Coll far appl 661133o 

S U P E R IN T f ND A N T FOR 
C O NSTRUCTIO N CO. 
Heavy canstru. hon and develop men! hr rn in Fort Worth and Oat 
(las m etrgpiex Must have m in inturn at 3 years experience, some collage required Responsible tar large constr union crew. involved rn underground utilities, com mer 
| ciol buildings, streets and mater thorough tares earth maying and landscaping Knowledge of ear 
I veying required Permanent pa- titian, excellent pay. other fringe benefits, send resume to the Ex press and News. Box Na, 4322* 
San Antonio, Tx 7*26/ 

Calf 72* 431* tar appl iU -f d ' H T T r r g p T f T g * k U h . needs 3 years or m ar* experience 

 tar Anura 1216 West Avenue 
# x p e ria n c e d inside trim caT- penlers needed 
CPU atter * 
*33-4188 r S F T I I g h i g B 
1 T a O T 9 
OPERATORS ANO W ORKING 
* 
. Y * ! MANAGERS wonted Reply Ie a u ris and high p e rfo rm a n c e equipment 224-o7*1 

 a UTST O 'Y I fS OWT fe R fiA tf 
Should have previous retail parts sales experience Salary cam m ensural* with experience ana ability 624 * 367 
— i i n r r u F B M 
K i t i — 
Map men and tell rooters 733*131 i u i & n r i r m w 'w i t At m needed im m ediately Goad pay only those w ith b u rg ia i alarm experience need apply 229 12*7 

CARPENTERS accidential C a m li ut iran i4v 2344 f A f iP I TTWf m i g g -------- 
VINYL INSTALLER 
B ath position* require 4 w a it expel ieee* Tap h o u rly wages, excellent comourn benefits (a n tact Pele l l * IJH Crown Flour 
Covering UIS North Qti: 

Express News Box 4321 S A 782*7 
I x p e rie n c td 7 y r re s id e n tia l helpers need apply in person 
Bexar EMctnc Ca 2614 West Ava 
An equal opportunity tm ptuyer f W f B I I K m sUffVf V T i b 
TY CHIEF MS Itta 
| 
Expel lanced After olian la d y 
Experienced Caunter Help 
Full hut* pasitiuns Apply Morgan 
Cleaners *23 *611 f o r B lg H C gTT~¥a77Tp m eT i 
Operator tar *77 Cat Loader We are an I n u it O pportunity Cm pie vat paying iotas COM 772 *149 
D epartm ent 

TI 
SSM FEE Bt SNO 
M<*re sa Gaga »*p-si Phone i 
SPC AR I PCRsONNIC SRT tai Jack Ma K atter a b 12*7 

BIIINGVM 

C U M ITMST 

 j Ai I Hi Ai m i n 
Cay ar tag UIS North Qtiye ra.JM SS fl.iiTfesa m v * *) jwlNfiSB w a n u t i r m i v i iu j e n t 
C<grk ty p is t here*keeping exp 
" .ip iu i Na r a t t u s gaud pay 
FISHER t. IMA N I loop 416 

 soh. eh Neat per xanth ic artistic had m e c h a n ic a lly r e c l i n e d 
* • online experience p reta rre E 
Ct si* tiul 
V Far wnN CPR t i t 71*7 

CVperranceJ Vrucb Tire I t r r l t t 
Man references Clare t n t Ca 
3371 S Freres *74 424* fir e l r 
B U W r f n j ' 
T 
S 
T 
»c2/»f n>Q4t ll # I888 
EAP SHEET WNYl” 
ANO TIU INSTALLERS 
Must have awn loath and 

 f i n n e n r f M n m i g 
Leaper ana b o o g e r O d .ra re r 
'« » « M I 13*. otter with same axparienca w illing ta lay—.. ■ 
_ 
., learn mare. 
722-9616 
723-6262 'Wanted 
Experienced lin e Me 
8am lpm th a n e , plenty af w ork. tria g e 
................................... ibanaftts. rasuratice, Big Country 
M A C H I N I S T 
Ford in Boerne, 16 minutes tram 
A l least S years experience in<i * " 
C h a rlia lathe ana rniN work. apply in per | i r ^ r - x v w i - . . . r son. Gerlach Products Inc, 12611;w a n t e d 
R«s.dv.i(.ai 
• «••.) 
Radium, ban Antomu itia n m g s e rv ic e m a chn a m c 
UTTPTfMANfr WAN smoll Mi 
W a pt co m ple x m ust be e x p e l 
® **4 fringe benefits S xcailenl rancid rihrrenceV 
' . 
X 
• • • < ««•*»• 
*26 )231 jS aryicinf I ntdtar brand *2 eduip 
............................ 
' 
' m ont tar e sta b lish e d com pany 
M AINTENANCE C A R P E N T ! P permanent aasilian tar skilled ctmdHtOPtng um n t ** experienced in Iwp- ,1.,,, . 
, ■ ■■ 
-.-y 
,--- —. cabinet making ana finish wark 
W anted WA b r 
G I 
I Wo 
Please call *74 le i* Southwest COUNTER MAN, must have paad 
Foundation tor R esearch and Penmanship gad experienced re 
Education 
Egoui eppertumty 
Phases et w rehease w ark cmpoyer 
Perm anent reg, triage benefits, 
M T '» U 6 r r 6 K f T I T P'I 't { 3 call 341 71*1 let appointment 
OPERATOR far grrat shoo E x­ cellent recently* pay program vacation h o s p .lo t.ra d o n paid m u x ! a * ag a l and clean lh aa holidays d is a b ility coverage aearuwc* i m p ix U i m A c a 
*- 
M gm i a b ility and sm all a ttsei STp.TsuI 
»*m»«NM*s hopir 
3 ditty Press m 
O K*. 

ME a iW tl) IIL ii l l ‘i Ii u ne 
P w v ^ R u u tlC iiV .iT | s i be neat ana cleg * lh ax 

CfelfTRA l FC o c i* COVERING 
*616 Bah ST 
BhM R m 

( I 

" " " M i t o P A I N T i R i : ......... 
COR Att spm Pete Bare 433 nae 

> r m J m W 
N h R M B ^ m l l 1 W a l f 

 im N u n n * to Chs 

I nee ss PNU NI ars 

O h r «nl Plggi Cavel ma em Free 

. # • are gee 
• mplgymexsl Nm sxpeirancyp < 
B D Clark Aeolic outs should bo at (ag*! I yea* e ta with ma* 
( ( a r tie r 
I V«ar 
P. ad 
■ aOucer lag *!m s! 

 otrens ISF 
.is tut atar 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN-BMW 

4 6 2 3 F R E D E R I C K S B U R G R O A D • A c r o s s f r o m W o m l o r l o n d • 7 3 2 - 7 1 2 1 

O.R. MITCHELL 
DODGE 
113o BROADW AY 
227-2281 
O P tN f V IN IN G S 

C O R O LL A 
LIFTBACKS 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
C A N C E L L A B L E 
W IT H O U T 
R A T E C H A N G E 
. 
LINES 

DAYS 

Express-News— Friday, March A, 1977 
I 
A U T O M O T IV E 
J I « • J 
S2o HELP WHITED 
V 
— 
* 
' 

MISCHlAWIOIiS 7o2-726 fnRflGM SPORTSCABS 
To6II6HISPORTSCHRS 
7o2726 • FDKII6M SPOBTSCMtS 

 tit-fflW-MINIt SERVICES 

IT’S W ORTH s7oooo 
ON ANY NEW 1976 
PEUGEOT 

DIESEL O R G A S C A R 

A U SPECIA LLY P U R C H A S E D 

FOR T H IS SALE! 

 tm S P R IN G T IM E * 

I 
B R IN G S 
CARRIERS WANTED 
SMALL BICYCLE ROUTES 
LARGE MOTOR ROUTES 
FOR THE SAN ANTONIO NEWS 
CAN EARN 
$5o TO $25o PER MONTH 
WEST SIDE AREA 

B R IN G S 
SUNSHINE, FRESH AIR, W A R M BREEZE 
A N D 
CONVERTIBLES 
BEAT SUMMER PRICES N O W 
5-SPIED BOX 
A 
DISC BRAKES 
QUARTZ CLOCK 
, 
TW IN OVERHEAD CAM 

1 9 7 7 
STEIL RADIALS 
124 SPIDER 
' 
T'NTfo GLASS 

RED U CED £ 
M G 
M B B J P * O O sta te t a x Lie. 
T O 
^ 
G R B O LM 
NOT INCL. 
H 
P M F 
JW 
H 
P 
LIMITED TO CARS IN STOCK 

Son Antonio s fastest growing restaurant business has im­ mediate opening for individuals with management ex­ perience, preferably in fast food, lf you ore looking for a career with o dynamic and progressive company, apply of: 
355 Spencer Lane 
Friday 1:3o p.m.-7 p.m. 
Saturday 8 a.m .-12 noon 

A ft ( q u a l O pp ortu n ity em ployer 

S. Laredo - Nuevo - Vera Cruz - Buena Vista - Acme - S.W . 4oth - S. San 
Joaquin - Dahigreen - Aldam o - Southlawn - Harriman. 
Call now - can earn prizes - e x tra cath - m ovie p a s s e s - trips • tickets to local events, etc. For further inform ation call 
225-7 4 11 Ext. 121 b e tw e e n 8 A .M . & 5:oo P.M . 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Ammeos lowest-priced true sports cor is even a better volue now 
PART TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

5 PM to 9 PM 
FREE 
AM -FM RADIO 
LUGG. RACK 
WHEEL TRIM 
SPEC. STRIPES 

 rto M O U M C ia 

( “ P o U J - o H ” ) 
ONE OF THE BEST MADE CARS 
IN THE W O RLD " 

LIMITED SUPPLY 
STATE TAX A UC. 
NOT INCL. 
MIDGET SPECIAL 
College, 
High 
School, 
Military or 
Retired 
Persons con earn up to $ 4 .o o per hr. M aking calls from our office. 

N o Experience Needed 
Free Parking 

Call Mr. Groan 

2 2 5 -2 8 1 o 

A n Equal Opportunity Employer 

L A R G E ST SE L E C T IO N 
^ 
OF 
, v 3 
4L — 
= = 3 3 * r r a s m b q 
[-19 
BEST BU Y S EVER 
M G B 
JAGUAR • M G B • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

NEED 
ADDITIONAL INCOME? 

DIESEL E N G IN E W IL L 
G IV E Y O U F R O M 2 7 M P G IN 
T H I CITY U P TO 3 5 M P G 
O N E X P R E S S W A Y S 

OFFER GOOD UNTIL MARCH 31 ST 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. 
655-o241 

T ire c h a n g e r 
F u ll tim e w ork, m ust have own tra n sp o rta tio n , and neat appearance 681-153o 
W ant H u sk y L o ca l P o rt or full time College Student truck driver 
Com m ercial license No Sm oking 
G ood POV 
F IS H E R S. 145o N E 
LOOP 41o.__________________________ 

 w e ld e r m e c h to in s t a ll t ru c k m ounted equip M u st hove own toots. A lso need H yd raulic Field 
Service m on, will be req to travel and wit! w ork on H yd raulic truck equip. Apply 147 Gem bler Rood or 
Call 224-1M1 w ti E E T — 
A L I G i n r id — 
ATTE 
B R A K E 
W O R K . 
E X P E R ­ 
IE N C E D . B e a r W heel A lig n in g 
1422 N. Colorado 

 w i l s 6 n i n t e r n a t i o n a l 
84 N E L O O P 41o S U IT E 13oE 
512-349 1411 

Som e experience, over 25, com m erciol license, able to drive l ’ j ton bobtail. 5 d a y w eek, som e re g u 'ar overtime, $2.45 on hour, frin g e benefits. H ig h sch o o l or e q u iv a le n t . P o l y g r a p h e x a m required Apply rn person D o n 's & 
Ben s Office. W est A ve at Loop 
41o, osk for W ayne W yotl________ 

182o B R O A D W A Y 
Need reliable distributor with own transportation to deliver daily morning newspapers In N.W. Bexar County 
(FIB 1957 & 471 West) 
$ 3 o o -$ 4 o o NET PROFIT 
BO N D REQUIRED 
2-3 Hours Per Day 
Call Neil Skillings 
225-7411, Ext. I 3o between 
9:oo A.M. - l l :oo A.M. 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

NOW ACCEPTING 
APPLICATIONS 
FOR CAR HOP 

Apply in Farson at 

Frontier Drive-In 
1462 Austin Hwy. 

Between 2-5 p.m. 

W eekly Full or Port time. Good to o km q g ir ls to tra in o s m as- s u e se s 
R e a l g o o d lob. g re a t w orking conditions F o r appt. Call 
492-2994__________________________ 
1977 VW RABBIT $ 
SUPER SALE 

Short Order 
Cook experienced 

 g o o d Poy 

Salary 

Fringe Benefits 

A p p ly In Person 

321o Broadway naples Restaurant 

We train Port time and full time 
A ls o w o m e n 25-35 w ith m a n ­ agem ent ability looking for m ore than o solory. Coll 822-156o_______ 

MODEL 17o1 
1 9 7 7 
Dodge 
Cod 

T E A R O O M M A N A G E R 
Need experien ced m a n a g e r for g r o w in g te a ro o m b u s in e s s . 
225-1141 between 9 a.m 2 p rn., 
M onday-Friday 
W A lt fe n i 
W A IT R E S S E S a p p ly 1-Spm M o n F r i 
231’ ? S. 
Brpnd w or C A F E M IC H E L IN E ) 

WORKING COUPLE ^ 
FOR EXECUTIVE 
CONFERENCE CENTER 
Executive conference 
(enter located near Kerrville. Texas re­ quires woman to prepare at­ tractive and balanced meals for guest: and man to core for ond mointcm grounds Located on 12 acres with pool, tennis, stables, etc Three guest houses, plus large mom house 
Excellent salary and benefits, plus housing Fleas* contact PHYLLIS 
MONIER. (512) 128 8484, Ext 
,667 

EXTRA CASH 

$25o TO $3oo PER MONTH 

Deliver morning Express Routes before 6:oo a.m. 

Austin Hwy, Broedwoy, Alamo Heights, McCullough, 

San Pedro end loop 41o areas. 
For information call 225-7411, 

•xt. 126 or nites 655-5675 

 a n a q u a ! o p p ortun ity o m p lo y o r 

M il la r d 
F illm o r e G r a m m a r 
School A G rill needs Qualified in­ dividuals. You m ust be attractive, p e rs o n a b le a n d of g o o d c h a r ­ acter Interview s Sat. thru Tues, between 7-6pm at 618o W urtbo ch corner of E v e rs R d 4I4-84S! 
W £ IT R ET r r i E E D E F T 
T k i n 
C R A C K E R C L U B 7321 Son Ped ro apply 1-3 M on-Fri.________________ 

WANTED NOW 
•ARTENDRESSES 
WAITRESSES 
Top Salary 
Guaranteed raises 
Paid Vocation 
Tiffany 
338 Valley Hi Dr. 
CaH Vicky, 673-5117 
(qed Opportunity Employer 

M g 
W jg / J E P A M I L E A G E : 
Ip To 47 MPG Hwy.— 3o MPG City lots of styles and models to choose from— Immediate Delivery 

★ USED CAR SPECIALS ★ 
71 VW Beetle only 
* 1 4 9 5 
7 5 VW Robbd, on 4 * TK. 25.ooo miles. 
7 5 lAGBANOt lug brit Hut.............. * 7 9 9 5 
75 RABBIT 19 OOO miles an, radio------ 
7 4 CHIVY LUV Kickup........................‘7 4 9 5 
7 4 VW Von. rod*, extra (leon ....... 
7 6 IM W 7oo2 ................. ............‘6 8 9 5 
7 3 SUBARU (leon....................... 
7 3 TOYOTA Wagon..........................*1 9 9 5 
73 VW Super blue. 36.ooo m ite....... 
7 5 VW (omperlop Top..................... ‘5 3 9 5 
TO AUDI 4 door........................... 
7b VW Convertible, bk* n e w ...............? 4 1 9 5 b l VW luq, automatic................... 
7 3 KARMAN Who, 4 sud . rodio I on 
‘3 2 9 5 
74 VOLVO, Nice 

3188 
‘3995 
* 3 ) 8 8 
*1 78# 
‘2195 
*167o 
* 895 
‘4195 

Top salary, good tips. free park m g. 24 h ou r fa m ily r e stro o m 
E A R L A B E L S 42oo Broodw oy 
Young Minded 
W A IT E R S 
W A I T R E S S E S 
Apply In Person 
Valerio's Restaurant 
382o Broadway______ 

Cnild core for 4 month old. exper­ ienced with references, m y home or yours Son Pedro Hilts 194 1157 
D e s ir e r e s p o n s ib le liv e -ln housekeeper who can speak som e 
E nglish to care tor large m odern apt and m y 5 yr old d aughter, near W onderland, call M r Blond 
824-o411 Atter 9 pm ond Sun call 
499-o52o 
Experienced bobysitier with ref s tor 4 wk old in m y home, NW near 
Medical Center 432 47o9__________ 
Fam ily with 4 children, living in the country, desires live-in help 
A d d re ss reply 
O ccupant. 37 W 
o25 C ra n e R d 
St C h a rle s MI 
4o174 
Enclose num ber and titter*. 
Honest dependable housekeeper 
>34-3573 Pete V osquet otter 6 
Housekeeper cook. I gentlem an, sm a ll a p a rtm e n t, m u st d riv e 
N I . Section 342 o529____________ 

' 
APPU(AT|6NS ARI 
BEING TAKEN FOR. a WAITHE! 
• Rf UH BARTENDER 
• NHI TMM CASHIER 
• NOST OR HOSTESS tem * be experienced end 

SA V E! N e w ’7 7 T O Y O T A ’S SA V E! 

 b i g g e s t 

R f r r r t r m d i s c o u n t s 
' 
E 
= a 
O N 
B 
T f 
T 
I 
M k 
Q w 
J 
I 
1 9 7 7 m o d e l s 
P 
P 
M n r t r 

PACKING 
SPECIALISTS 

 it Excellent salary end working conditions 

 it Parttime 

★ We’ll train 

 it Ideal for military wives ond college students 

 it Telephone and transportation necessary 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

Apply between 1-3 pm 

Mildred Rouschuber 
CENTRAL MOVING 
& STORAGE 

115oo N loop Rd. 

J A N IT A ! for office bldg E xp e r tenet required Part time position 
E G A R Z A 494 9871 
APPLIANCE 
DELIVERY 
We need on energetic 
8 mechamrgMy inclined individual for the delivery ond mstoiiotion af motor appliances Experience prettied but we wit consider a trainee We offer a patmenenl position, goad hourly woges, with limo end one holt for overtime, good working conditions, health insurances, paid vacation, ond other banofits Apply <n person, 
1o27 N.E LOOP 41o 

Miscellaneous 
Al a m o c o o k *, 
H irin g im m ediately t person tor 
; recycling center ond warehouse. 
M ust be neat, clean and a g g re s­ sive 344-o111. <36o W est Ave. 

A m y M PERSON ti AM-4 PM 
LITTLE R H E IN 
S T E A K H O U S E 
231 S. ALAAAO 
• MARCH SPECIALS • 
N o b o d y can e q u a l e m a il tow n p rim e ) 

Factory In stall**! 
O p tions 
A M Radio, S S O 
A M -F M Radio, 6 7 7 
A ir C onditioner, 
6 3 6 5 . 

B in S trip in g , S Z I - 

U N LIM ITED 
SELECTION 
All Modal! ond Colots 
HIGHEST TRADE 
A L L O W A N C E 

— 
2 4 h o o t d e l i v e r y 

E A R N IN G S TO 552o 
Due lo expansion we have open ings tor skilled ond unskilled peo pie in the ap p lian ce field Com pony will train. No exgerlence necessary. 

___________ 3 4 2 - 5 2 2 7 
A p l com m unity se cu rity g u a rj, mature, retired with m ilitary or law enforcem ent experience 
927 43o1___________________________ 

A s s is ta n t M a n a g e r , a fte rn o o n shift M ust be experienced In all phases of pickup station and com la u n d ry 
A p p ly 22o C in c in n a ti 
It pm 9 3o I P A M 
AHrocfive escorts needed 
344 1 I t 5. 344 1125_________ 

72 TOYOTA 
Applications are being taken tor 
• W A IT E R S 
• R E L IE F B A R T E N D E R 
• F U L L T IM E C A S H IE R 
•H O ST or H O S T E S S 
M u st be e xp e rien ce d and have local w ork references No others need apply 23t S 
A la m o (re a r cntror.ee) H orn 4pm______________ 
A fop professsion be a m asseuse. wa from. B ig pay. good locale 
Coll 457-3724 atter IO 3oam dIV E ¥ f 51---------- c 5 c k t TTT 
W A IT R E S S E S w a n te d tor new lounge, at the 
R am o n a Inn. 3*45 N P anam E x ar e ss way. opp iv in person before 
4 pm doily. 

D e s ir e r e s p o n s ib le E n g l is h s p e a k in g la d y w ith d r iv e r s license, Castle H ills fam ily with children IO, 7 and 5 Private room. c ie salary, 344-9842 o tt'r 4 3o pm 

Livo-in housekeeper lor general housework, references required 
»24 H U 
L iv e in, m o to r role N o n n y tor children, own room , speak E n g . list! 484 3799 
___________________ 
M atu re h o u se ke e p e r live in for elderly lody 734 34o6 
M ature w om an to core for I yeor old and infant in m y home W ind wood N e ar Boe rn e M u st have own cor, references Will consider live in Good salary 49o-o3o7, 9 to 
5 weekdays______________ ________ 

M t e j g 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
EXPERIEN CED. 

A P A R T M E N T 

M A N A G E R 

 lo tom huge management firm free apt Salary ond hinge benefits 
341-7181 

7 6 H O N D A 
1 7 M i . f r o m 
S o n A n t o n i o tx* t x * * IWB 

EXTERMINATOR 
TRAINEE bo experience needed to learn a node ond help people live benet 
Applicants must be owe 22. mar ntd. high school graduate ond want a permanent position lorn while you loom to be a ped cen- hoi lech mc ton 
ABC F a it Control 
1oo22 IH35 N 
656-5o5o 

N eed som e on e to live in sm a ll 
Northside Apartm ent and core for older lady. light h o u se ke e p in g, light cooking E n g lish not neces spry, references 122 tai5________ 

S P E C IA L IN T E R E S T 

A U T O S I 
I gas Corvette Boomster 2 lent 
I *o 4 Corvette Beads**' 2 ten* tass ford leviers* 2 dr. M en god A Whits Original 
I a p r 
Che* 
2 dr 
“ I JO” , 

S a le s a n d S e rv ic e H o u rs 
Sales: Mon.-Fri. 8-9, Sat. 8-7 
Service: 7 to 7 Mon. thru Sat. 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
95oo Son Pedro 
341-13 

P A R T T IM E 
Due to expansion we hove open m gs thai m ust be tilled im m edio tely 
No experience n e c e ssity 
342 1228 
P a rly plan soles new products highest earnings, m gm t ripply 
124 5859 

T a ^ T o t^ e fd e rT T T a d T T io s o T rT I 
Leo s C hurch 973 9477 Ana. A nglo 
Childcare while parents on rata- hon or work, elderly convalescent care, references, transportation 
342 7o47 
C O L O R E D Woman w on ts light housework, cooking or ironing tor elderly person 735 o2o4 
D E P E N D A B L E Lady wonts D a y s work H ove car, ret Call 441*3445 

1953 ford f lOO 
7«k 
$••••• Bed eh th* e.tve 
Mutt See) 
Atter 5 Md Phan* (Bt J) iv y . t 1o3 
IB I J) SB/-2J JO needed to ossist me in bu sin e ss 
SI75 weekty it qualified to slo rl 
No experience necessary. 
453 7451 f f W T d W W s r e wfi'U'L'b T l K T 
G O O D S P A R E T IM E IN C O M E 
N E E D E D TO T E S T M O N E Y 
M A K IN O P L A N Send short letter or resum e to E x p re ss N ew s Box 
NO 4S24, 78297 
Pest dontr'o r f ir m needy M p * r T m ust have transportation lo and from w ork, references required and m ust be bondable m inim u m 
WdRe Cow 343 2412 
P lu m b in g m ate rial p rice c le rk 
Port time. m ust have recent ex penance 12* 2331 or 824 684/ ii P m 
K b C O U P L E r d 'H M G M f self service storage w arehouse rn 
S E Son Antonio S a la r y *a p t and utilities turn J d a ys off For m ore details call 124 1497 
— s r r j B i T v a P f i t P h i — in t e llig e n t, r e s p o n s ib le in d iv id u a ls r e a u ir e d fo r un> 
■tunned security M en or women 
Com m tssien-expertenced preferred 
A P A R T M E N T J O B S Of S A 
•21 9194 
Em p loym ent cansuitonts 

74 J E N S O N In t e r c e p t o r M I. t it , FIO 
44 O L D S Toranudo ex cedent <23o8 
74 M E R C E D E S 
B e n i 458 S L I U , »«o 
49 M E R 
C E D E S B eni 3oCSEL 41. 11o.756 
42 T H U N D E R B I R D 
19/5 
47 
R O L L S R O Y C E Corniche Coupe, 
53o ooo 453 98oo 
A r i v A V e p A r V y s £ i h n 6 ' 
I or both C A D IL L A C E L D O R A D O 
C onvertibles 
1974 D y n a sty red. while top white leather interior 
1*75, very light yellow white lop white leather interior 
Both mint condition 144-/12? tor additional intoi motion llO l l Mercedes »** I White' 
■ undy red hardtop new black soft top E x te n siv e m e c h a n ic al res t o ra tio n in c lu d in g c o m p le te b ra ke s, front end N e e d s som e body rectalut<on but ru n s ve ry well 
53/oo firm 
77o 74*4. eves 
453 1o42 

 s Y a f # L a b o f k i n g a n t o n y 
U S E D 
IN 
J A I T L E 
O F 
F L O W E R S P A R A D E , 19/5 R E O 
W IT H W H IT E T O P C A D IL L A C 
E L D O R A D O C O N V E R T IB L E , 
A L L E X T R A S 
14.ooo M I L E S , 
L A S T O F A K IN O , S A C R IF IC E 
JIO,JBO 22o-53oo__________________ 

27 yrs old, exp rn ranching lance con stru ction , w ells, irrig a tio n , d r iv in g t r u c k s a n d t r a c t o r s , w orking knowledge al Spanish 2 yrs college W illing to accept re t p o n s ib ilit y a n d to lo c a te on ranch Reference A vailab le im m e d ia te ly 
A s k tor M r 
J a y n e 
725 1121 ( I IO J IO w e e k d a y s) 
828-8829 Sat Sun 
Experienced N u rs e 's Aide wants days work or halo halt day Call 
223 5254 e v m t P N C E B T d J n T L o d v u7 sire s p erm anent work as le te p h o r n s ! 
P r e f e r s O r 's o ffic e 
Northside Can lypt >33 KUB 
E X P W om an Will care tor sick or elderly No live in. Ret 5)2 4o79 
(x B S m f A 6 V i I Y I ^ 'ST'need* tun time tab 124-o471 
I A b V wants Job M o n d ay tu e s dun 223 44 54 or 333 4449 
M A L I P . e s e iiily E m p lo y e d os 
W holesale Credit and Collection 
Office M a n a g e r desires som e si 
I luation with other firm 534-8o7$. ti n r r m i t v ■ j C T - nh ~ u -iob private duty toking care of elder 
Iv m on 324-7441 qttei ,P 'i>_______ 

12 hr duty Would consider hve-in with patient Best at re fe rn c e s 
534 3555 or 923 Q IU 
Reg child care in m y home ctuse to U S A A and M edical com plex i 484-422) 
____________ 

T Y P IS T 
S E C R E T A R Y 
S A L E S M E N 
O F F S E T P R IN T E R S 
Know ledge ut S p a n ish A p p ly m ne r son U U West A v e ____________ 

I 
M 
H 
! i i I I ! U 
H 
T 
: i m i Y M t 

T I I T 
I 1 1 1 1 T T T T T T T 

W ho loves Anim als 
R o o m . B o a r d a n d S a la r y 
N o 
Orinking. good tor retired per sen 
412 >451 ( la rn Id '/ n o o n I 458-1481 
M a m i p m ) 

3 L A B IT T N g i 6 F B "' l"Kour's Jo, iv. 5 day week 575 Stanley Hem e 
P rodu ls Inc 
53 1 34oo____________ la d ie s so le s e x p e rie n c e J, i l l location 
M o rg a n 
Cleaners 
923-4o11 
M a in t e n a n c e m a n w ith la r g e a p artm e n t com p le x 
P lu m b in g , electrical and heating experience e s s e n t ia l 
L o c a l r e fe r e n c e s required 
Apl turn 
Apply 
114 
V a n d g rig tb 
M o in t e n a n c t M a n n e e d e d far la r d * N o rth sid e a p l co m p le x 
Only experienced apply. St IO-wk ta stort and review atter 4o d a ys 
•444 c o u n try VlllO de (fo rm a lly 
Cm dv Lan ai f i'aVo " fe' x I re M o n e y th ro w in g evening new s routes M ik e Hall. 
534-2136 F re d ond Col area 
M A H ^atween )s 45 (or permgln- eat ya rd ond general duty wark w ith la r g e a n t c o m p le x . N e or mer % or jrtnfcart 
Apply I U 
V A N D E R H E C K 

 le v * tne outdoors? Wont retired ran ch e xp e rien ce d couple with other income ta cert far beautiful tom e ranch Perm anent $42 73o7 f ip .rie n c e d tire ch anger,'excel tent pay ond be n th is 7)4 4329 

W A IT E R S A N O 
C O C K T A IL W A IT R C 8 8 E S tar now French style restaurant 
CPN 824-188) 1oam 4 3o M on F rl 
IO part time officers tar weekend a ssia n m e n ts only A pply in per san lOam -epm M F , 41o S. M a in 
Suite 3)6 
___________ 
‘.hokI* * distributor's Tull o>i< tim e , v it a m in s a n d to a d s u p ­ plements. the healthy w ay at life 
3oo-82)1, 341 I7oQ 
4 ha k tot Naturel Vitam ins, sport time sates business 414 4546 ilu A e n ls and teenagers wanted lo sail flo w e rs an stre e t e a rn e rs otter school and w eekend s E x ­ cellent e arnings and bonuses na experience necessary will troth. 
441 3o59 

Ira parts 
ROST Ho81ESS 
D a y « nig h t p o sitio n s to o n at 
M il l a r d F illm o r e 
G r a m m a r 
School 6 D rill tai d in in g ream nom pad boxiest We ore seeking m oto rs, pttro clive people w h o nave ro 4t*u ro n l experience 'n ter vtaw 8*t T Met ti am 2-4pm 418o 
T x rib a rh R F corner et E v e r * Rd 
*84-8481 
6 5 ? True A M L V w e n 
L I K E A H O R S E 
S a g t h t id c 'k m etal d u b naeds w aitresses ond bartended** 923-6778 
M r 
B u n d e r b a k s in M c C re le k s 
.h o p p in g C liv HPS o p e n in g lot reunlee bel#, part lune. evening smit 
O ur n e w ly rem odeled F r e e d lu l l 
Restaurant n e * hit m g 
I X P f c R liN t k O O H L Y 
C O O K S 
W AI I R * SSP 8 
B U I B O T I 
O IS H W A IM E R S interview tom 4 teem M en F ri 
T R A V E L L O D G E 
IPB V IL L IT A 
Aine need motel M A iQ S 

C e sm e lic s p o rt tim e a v a ila b le 
Mature w om on only Coli 344 IB9I 
Film N Photos !* accepting ap plications tor Son Pedro Valley Hi and SW M ilitary Or H igh school graduates, rotating shirts. 9 am I urn pud 3 pm / g a l COM 342 5139 

Hedley Sprite y a n d lir e * e 
>o 
*53 o(42. 

>3 BMW 2(557 An u m a in ta in e d t i c 
548o6 Or Young 
1 
*95 *324 eves 

Field Representative* C - --ml and a p p r a is a l* , g o o d t a i s r y O c a r allowance Car necessary Retire m ilitary accepted Call M r WiMts 
228-2111. 
__________________ 
MOTEL CLERK 

I t l l C hevrolet pickup, urigi ■al, new m otor, n e * tire s, a e r ie d body 51.566 434-6995 
I l f J C h # Y y c io s s it ri-i.'d U p 
Few er w indow s dower st* a n n o 
5456 ar besl ofter *55 546/ 
*4 (o r v o n M unch 4 Moor burke) seals rebuilt engine 
5456 
*>4 6841 i f T g r v n ir Ll o n Va T o n * # r I it I* needs m inor m et h a ''! 'e l w ark g ^ d body and tog 
* * k U48 

 eewer w indow s seats. A m la p * d e c k, E x c e lle n t c o n d 
8 1 )5 6 
6)8 3)31 81 IJ J 295* 

T e xa co T ru c k Stop costlier, 48 hour, rebel shin, 3 days, 2 even m g p e rm a n e n t tab s d a y week local re fe re n c e s -.tart 14)4 per me All Applications lo A J Ftoch 
O il Ca inc 
5/4/ D ie tric h R d 
4 5pm d a ily far in te r view 
N e phone calls please________________ c m : 34122o5 

NHO 2o HBUSEWIVtS 
4 nears 4 d ays or A eves per week tor I snow s knew Dentine K xciu sr ye L i m et Fashions M a * * prom an ovary shaw p ig * 6)68 sam ple war dr uh* af na cast Car n a e ** tare I i * Coli tor opp! I) * 2361 
M i f f I T.u<? ju t is Haddam* night shit!, I day weak, m antra, witting w orker p * rm a **n t H u rt 
V ise P e i m o n th 
G a s a n d B a i race it ae BN A pplications IP 
A J Ftoch Od Ce 
Inc 
5747 Ow 
H u h R d 4 Sam daily tar a h i eses* lie ph ew* epa* ew es* 

Som eone with oust sates « ■»« tenet rn Ria rohbi selling at tire m g*! OHO he abir ch a n g * b r* 
*81 IS H 

•dp w S r g T F e e p a * kina W h o a * ipwwty ra ste e re *l B A R I A B E L * 

E v S c ^ T a i n a g i * w a n t..* I * a e *te e s* desired h o i not nee#* epee swad pgxnpto N lexem e ie F 
O h e * MSO Maw B i *VP4x)l M n# bohMMX. 
(tow 
I r o w h k 
I x m o 
..... 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 

N e w o p e n in g * le i J o n A n t o n ie r o w * * M s ie w ere with em h e d re biter M g * ! be MI * r * p i peer with nim u n u m I yr re sid e n c e 
F g M ex p g r l t im e e v e n e d !* 
W a im p er le n t o n e c e s sa ry 

 m n 
M - f t ie if 
<i abt* new. *g « * end team 
V O A R M Y t i ! H S U pi » S 3 88 9i 

TOPNOTCH 

SOLICITOR ice d le ie p b a n i 
B x a e r la n c e d te le p h o n e so lic ito r t a r s a e i b s i d t a t t ic p h o u r s 
I Se rn /pm pr 59g m C a b betw een 
• l l M o n A rs M r s Fetter 223 8516 

Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n 

3 3 o 3 B ro a d w a y - 8 2 4 * 7 3 1 1 

MERCURY 
LINCOLN 

L I N C O L N • M E R C U R Y 

Seventh Page 
Exp ress-N ew s— Friday/ M arch 4 , J 9 7 7 

73o 743 AUTOMOBIIES 
TOYOTA 

NORTHWOOD PORSCHI-AUDIM* 
USED CAR SPECIALS Q 

7 3 M 
B K W 
Y i S S f t * 
. ‘ S H 
S Q 

7 5 P O M 
I t t C a K - . X J t n u j r S S 
- 
7 6 9 5 D 
74 a « i a ^rrrr * ..........7995 Q 
76 mn sss srss.’ 
,5295 Q 

7 3 CHEVY 
IEL.4 >2 4 ,5 M 

< 5 M c H 

THE 
FAMILY 
CAR GOES 
SPORTY. 

The Toyota Corolla 

Liftbock Deluxe.lt's the family tar with enough 

 room to fit 2o full bags 

 of groceries, and a price fitted to your family 

 budget. Plus exciting 

Corolla performance and styling. It s the practical 

 family car that brings 

 bock the fun in driving. 

Standard Features: 

Welded unitized body 

 construction, fold-down split rear seat, MacPher- 

 son strut front suspen­ sion, power front disc 

 brakes, steel-belted 

 radials, rear window defogger, and more. 

7 5 T R I U M P H M M M . ........ 
73 AUDI fOX 
/ THE ALL NEW 
GRANADA 
GRANDE 
TOWN COUPE 

INTRODUCTORY O F F fftfW V 

AM/FM Stereo and 
Radio combination to 
S eac^ Granada Grande 
Town Coupe Buyer. 
Mf 
^ 
Hurry — while supply S t 

 m 
$ 
A 
A 
A 
/ 
' 

MARCH SPECIAL 

EXAMPLE: STK #2o31 

 l i s t P r ic e 

J o r d a n D i s c o u n t 

Cash Price 
$53 
Plus Free Combination Radio 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 N.I. LOOP 41o 
• ACROSS BIO M AIRPO RT* 
8 2 8 -o 7 2 3 
'Plus, lox, liH«. been** end dealer prep 

DOWNTOWN fit. It. Mary's at Durango 
227*1311 
NORTHSIDK f Loop 41o at McCullough 
344-8396 
SOUTHSIDE f 414 S.W. Military Dr. 
923-4566 

Easy Terms 
Up to 
4 8 M onths 
To P a y ... 

1976 MAZDA: 
Rx-4.3 LEFT 
IN STOCK... 
NEW AND DEMO 
$7oo 
CASH 
REBATE 

OSoME HAVE BALANCE OF 
24 MONTHS • 25,ooo MILE 
‘ FREE FOR ALL" 

Volvo 1971 series 147 D rive s very qood M u st liquidate below book lo a n 
$1173 c o s h N E W T a g s 
F R E E . IS IS Cull'tiro 
77 V olvo 144 S Stand . loaded 
Good condition. 736 5o55._________ 
72 V olvo W agon Auto., air, low miles 
Below 
Blue Book *795o 
656 o586 
71 V O L V O 145 W agon, sld., air. om fm $325o. 341-47o4 
NORTH PARK LINCOLN MERCURY 

R 
E 
M 
A 
B D I 
V 
I 
S 
T 
T 
K 
I 
I 
B 
I 
I 
V 
V 
V 
N 

9 EXAMPLE • 

o,ooo rn*,,. M M * 
S O I O C 
Un., Hu f f . iwS 
» l 
ALAMO SPORTS CARS 
S U I (ROADW AY 
828-5511 

72 Gbia, new Hies. new engine. 
Call 824-o3o1 eve*.________________ 
F E R R A R I , 1966 
33o G T 7 + 7 
$15,ooo 675-19S7 eves, weekends 
7o F O R 6 W agon, loaded 
TToTT 
>69 G A L A X IE 4oo.4-dr ...... S9oo 
•69 IM P A L A 4-dr 
............. *o9$ 
7 o A M B A S S A D O R . 6 sld .. $695 
4o C H R Y S L E R 4 dr loaded $69$. 
■6$ C H E V E L L E , standard . $32$. 
69 Buick 4dr ................... $19$. 
SM IT H S U sed C a rs 
7oS S A L A M O 
224-9144 
K A R M A N N G H IA , 1969 
Radio, good tires $75o 341-7518 
•$t R e n a u lt 16 
E x t r a c le a n , 
4 sod, 
4-dr. 
Good cond 
$49$. 
4S3 3482 
•ll Renault station wagon, auto. air, radio, radials, excellent. 
341 o698 

Coll Pot M cQ u e e n 

^ 
COME 
SEI ONE Of 
TNE FASTtST SELLING IMPORTS)! 
1977 SUBARU 
STD MOO ELS STILL 
AT ECONOMY PRK! 

S Q 
1 A 4 9 5 * 
NEW 1977 MERCURY MONARCH..v^ ^ ^ ^ f 

* 25o 6 Cylinder, a Appaorancu Graapa, 
*T " j 

* Whit# Sick Won Tiros, * Sty*# St##! WH##U, 
* Pt»w#r Staging, 
* Body Ski# MwiWmgs, rn tm mmmum xa&&* 
* Pow#r Brak#s, 
* AM-TM 5»#r#o Radio ^ 

9 OUR FIRST OF THREE ANNUAL DEMONSTRATOR SALES 9 
OUR PRICES ARE: 

62 77 
Call Dennis at: 824-76o6 
Atter 8 
656 4371 
•67 K a rm a n n G bia P o rsch e t it e ng new paint, good m ileage 
Radials, m ags $15oo or best otter. 
223 3369 atter 4 p m. 
~ o K a rm a n n Ghia, excellent en- gme, body, one owner 69o-1o32 
Miis r s eiT by MurTfry i 1 T r v w 
Sq u are b ack. clean new tires, low mi. A M , air 474-7S94 att 5 
N O R T k L O O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 
4673 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G R O A D 
‘lf* Rabbit basic i dr , air, A M 
F M stereo, in w arranty. $3o*1, D r 
M u rre y. 491 1919 
I t A A b s lY , custom deluxe, air, standard A M F M . 455-2847 
T i Sq u a re b a c k (Sean,S e r v ic e records, new point $137$ 653-216$ 

73 Super Beatte, very clean, good condition. 
$165o 
69o o557 after 
Sam_______________________________ 
T I Su p e r VOV, v e ry clean, new radial tires, radio $1745, 433 34o7 
Toke over paym ents on ‘t i VIA) 
B u g '. N o equity. Call 
o74-76o6 ask tor Dennis 
Atter 8 
Call 
68o-4321 
Take over paym ents on ‘74 VBF. 
No equity Call 
o74-o*1o ask tor 
F re d After 7 *72-7757 i 97~ V 6 L K S W A G F til $1195----- 
Reol C L E A N Car! 22$ 7111 
V O L K S W A G E N V A N 1963 needs work, best ofter o22-9641 eves f9;- V ofk sw agen Sirocco 4 speed with air Low m ileaae Excellent condition! $36oo-o2o-2731__________ 

GREATER SAVINGS ON 
AU NEW 1976 SUBARUS 
& DEMOS IN STOCK 
12-MONTH UNLIMITED MILEAGE 
WARRANTY 
•MUS IM, TITH ANO HOHM 

67 R O L L S R O Y C E 
Silver Shadow. O utstanding con­ dition S3,$oo mi. C o rp u s Christi, 
1-991 $412, Lam bert after 4 p m 

I#71 S IM C A /door. 28$ Best ofter 
6S6-1 OOO 

TOM BENSON 
IMPORTS, INC. 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1356 

S a o lT s o n e T M T ^ T lT s p o r F ^ a r 
$18oo 344 o673 otter 6 pm________ 
T TSnH nSossainj^XuTom aTIc™ ?!1? 
$65o or best otter 63$ $487 
■f4 AM O Hornet Auto, new tires, e xce lle n t a a s m ile a g e A s k in g 
$17oo I $3o 78o9 
;V A M C ~H O R N % t M A t C H B A C k , air, autom atic, only 8,ooo m iles I 
M ust sell A ssum e paym ents, and balance Call M r Bennett 777 o9o6 
74 G rem lin Air, A W #kA, power, f owner, 4o,ooo mi Stand , $1895 firm 8 to 4 w k d a v s 
671-3967; atter S: I 569-4795 
74 Grem lin, air, tinted gloss new radials, top condition, only 71,ooo miles, real bargain, term s flex!- bit 344 967o 
73 G R E M L IN . 6. aula air. power steering 977 o348 
I 'TS Grem lin, by owner, $1,4M Coll 
432-3o34 i i d r u m lin 6 cy l , a u to air, power. Good C or! $169$ 924 $217. 
I Bullit. 
_____________ 
H G R E M L IN , 6 c y l , auto . radio. heater o,ooo mi $299$ 923-6316 
It, Grem lin yellow Ifa n d . V 2. j A M F M radio, a ir con d 
11,ooo miles, $299$ 653-o9oo 
■ ii C o rn e l 2 d r 
S e d a n 
6 cy l stand , air. original owner 45.ooo j m iles N eeds tires and paint, I dent $16oo *58 6*43 atter 6 
71-J A V E L IN . T ~ o u T ~ ll f'V iu e ' 
! $13oo 65$ 539o 

 t i S U R a R U , new m o to r, b v deoler, 4,ooom i w a rra n ty , air, radio new tires, m ony extras call oft 
8pm pr on w knds 
923-739o 
$155o 
_________ 

A l A M O T O Y O T A 
A cro ss F ro m Airport 828-o723 
524 H E LO O P 41o j 
'N C O R O L L A coupe air. am Im. new tires $2o5o 227 o938; 734 35S3 
Ti Corolla New eng , good cond 
$1o75 Atter 6 65$ S U I 
TV C o ro lla W a g o n 4 *p d , a ir, 
$995 Coll 67S 1296 
I i i Corona M a rk ll 5 i r 7 T » S n excellent, 734-8519 , 226 21oo 
~ r V S u - r A N - a U V A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R T H A N AT 
O R Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT I roTTffiYOf a Wfl------ 
C o ro lla Coupe I sud air. radio, new steel radial tires 
Clean ll i 
$34-o167 n ~T~5 7 6 V A C ell ca' tip'l o p sL o p e 
$22$o 6$$ 8493 
T T f f i b T i C e L ic a 6 t - l 7 F T 
B A C K a ir, ste re o, low m ile s 
Regular g a s In w arranty $477$ 
43$ 869$ ofter 4 IR. i i toyoto Carina 4 speed Irons. 4 
1 cyl econom ical! 224 6956 
Ti T O Y O f A Corolla I M ------ or best otter 494 3o87 
71 toyota Corone H a rk li t door" 
I $>$9$ 73$-$9$4 f i~Tovoio Corona 4 spj., must sell* $95o 432 7912 
I i Toyota Corona Aula , air, 
*6,oo6 m i $1845 653 18o$ 
T i~ T ~ d Y O T A' I O ffg i t A— tow mileage, 2 new tires, 4 speed 4 dr . $55o or best otter 349 1o47 
77 to yo ta M X W agon Low m i . like new 4S4 3o2o . 6$$ 1271 
. J I Toyota, needs repairs, S l i t or best ©Her After $, 927 U S O 
" T6 TBT A" SF U N ANT6NI6 ' 
17o3 S E M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
974 9451 

1 9 7 7 M O N A R C H 2 D O O R Cr.om, atom landau Vinyl Roof, 25o 6 Cylindtf, 
Automatic, Whitt Skit Wall lifts, Powtr Storing, Powtr liokts. Air, o#y ond Hight Mu roc, Tinttd Glass, Loft Hand Remote Mirror, Dtluxt Whttl Cavtrs, 
SM O O C 
AM FM Sttrto Radio___________ UST. SS7S3 
POSTED PRK!: 
4 W 
3 

1 9 7 7 M O N A R C H G H IA 2 D O O R 
Dark Brown, Brawn Landau Vinyl Roof, 3o2 

VB, Automatic, Whitt Side Woll lifts, Powtr Steering, Power Brakes, Air, 

Tinted Glass, AM FM Sttrto 
UST: $6323 
POSTED M K I : 

1 9 7 7 M O N A R C H G H IA 4 D O O R 
Cream. Cream Vinyl Roof, 3o2 VB, Bucket 
Seats. Automatic, Illuminated Entry, White Side Woll Tires, Convenience Group, Cor­ nering Lamps, Power Steering, Speed Control, Power Seats, Console, Power Brokes, Floor 
Shift, Bumper Group, Automatic. Air, AM FM Stereo Tope, Appearance Group, Tinted 
Glass, Power Windows, Power Door locks, Illuminated Visor Mirror 
UST: $7412 
POSTED PUKE: 
P J T J 

R O B IN SO N ’S 
SPORTS CARS 
74'/, SST'* 
69 VOLKSWAGEN $975 
Super cond 724 4317 
1 9 7 7 M O N A R C H G H IA 4 D O O R 
Ught Blue, Blue Vinyl Roof. 3o2 VB, Bucket 
Sects, Automatic, White Side Woll Tires, Tilt Wheel, Speed Control, Power Steering, 
Power Brokes. Bumper Group, Air, Appearance Protection Group, Tinted Gloss, Light 

Group, AM FM Stereo Rodio 
S C Q O C 
P a rts Service C a r* 
< 1 1 1 1 3 1 
T o VW Bug good ironvuorlatiun 
S99S-4SS-1131 
W D W T O i r W f t g i ------------ 
5157$. 
812 oo88 j 
'4k V W B U G ro d io heater fin aweing available *6*5 274-441o 
6o v iv B u g R u n s good engine well m ointqined 774 963o_________ 
*7o VW B u g Stand ard t ra n s m it sign $1o75 344 9o68 
68 VW B u s good ru n n in g condT lion, areal tom per *99$ 65$ 739o t i VW R U S i p ass auto , Air, am tm m ultiplex, low m ileaae, 
$49oo 974 313o 
•PI V W Bus! I p a s se n g e r,'au t£! air, excellent condition, m any ex 
Ira * 
$5ooo 
924-37o2 atter 
8 w eekdays_____________________ 

71 VW Campmodtle $195o 
Steep* 4 Poo Top 22 M P G New engine Clean! 828 6959 
Tr v v y - T f e 'on. new e n g in e : T I 
Hood. $148o 494 64$) 337 4939 
' I I V W , clean, ve ry gooff con di­ tion $658 343 7477 v VY Coui). 
I ow m ileage I * s a m e p a y m e n t s 
C a ll B r a v o , 
922 4318 ar 62) 4911 
________ 

1 9 7 6 C A P R I G H IA 
Orang*, Automatic, Air Conditioned, AM FM Rodio, Tinttd 

S s # 
™ 
__________________ UST: $ S IT 9 
POSTED PRICE: 
*4895 

19 7 7 C O M E T 2 D O O R 
Red, Whrt* Vinyl Roof, 25o 6 Cylinder, Vinyl Interior, 
Automatic, Whit* Side Wolf Tues, Power Steering, Power Brokes, Bumper Group, Air, 
AM PM Radio, Sport Accent Group, Appearance Protection 
I # / . n r 
Group, Tinted Gloss 
* 
UST: $5274 
POSTED PRICE: 
H O Y * 

1 9 7 7 BO BCA T V IL L A G E R W A G O N 
Bright Blue , 2.3 Uter Engine, Automatic, 
White Side Woll Tires, Power Steering luggoa* Rock, Power Brokes, Ait, Day ond Night 
Mirror, Deluxe Interior Tnm, Tinted Gloss, Left Hand Remote Mirror Who Whee! Covers, 
Body Stdo Mouldings, AM Radio. 
I # ti n r 
UST: $5461 
POSTED PRICE: 
4 5 V 5 

’7 3 14o1 **** *" 
£ £ 
'36oo 

# 
Many o l W mokes g 

B v owner Air, power auto . low m ileage $1758 224 oo49. leave m essage with A nsw erin g Svc 
47 R A M B L E R . 4 standard 
Ready to ga* 539$ 923 o7o9 
-■ Lu ii .bit i station wagon Like new $69$ Best after 45S S2SS 
JUST RECEIVED SHIPMENT OF to M C B e xc e lle n t cond. ve ry clean M ic h e lin s urn tm $16oo d a ys 684 2111 
684 918$ eves 
M C e 'f i t ' p7} Air :" a M FAI. good cond $789$ 681 o494 att 4_______ 
•Ie' / 'M A B , m o i : mi in good condition wire wheels, $27oo Can tW -8 2 8 1 
______________ 
'48 m 6 A " Needs som e w ark $45o 
COH 147 83o6 
76 M i o d e T in W a rra n ty. A m 
F m Stereo, C B radio, SJ$oo t lo tem C A L L 92$ 46o) 

1977 COUGARS 

’73 B u ic k C e n tu ry 
2-D oor, in go o d con dition, low mileage. $3,ooo M ust Selh 
_______ 656 2366 pf 661 4271 
B U X . 1 9 7 7 C O U G A R v 
J I DOOR HARDTOP life tOVf&ftTONlP 

* T l n t e d 6 l o s s 
* 3 o 7 V 8 
^ Automatic 
★ Outside M irror 

^ ,~ W Power Steering 
Ar Deluxe W heel Covers 

" 
A Power Sralces f t M > Q 
I P J A 
★ SEVERAL TO CHOOSE A 
I t Opera Windows 
S I I S P V 
Hi B R R K 9 2 o 7 SAN PEDRO in r m w n 
3 4 1 -8 8 4 1 

*75 B U I C K C o n v e rtib le 
LeSubre Soon to be classic! All 
Dower, fully loaded low mileage 
Will negotiate. 
34 M /9o, eves. weekends 
‘t i B u ic k , < c y l , n e e d s s o m e wark. 87$. 227-2777. 
T O Y O T A O F S E G U I N 

O p e n e v e s til 9 

T o n F r e e : 224-4183 
*71 Toyota W agon Cleon SI ISO 
Cat) e$8-5641 f o V W 
W 
A g g t T TTn *7 6 R o I 
L A 16ooCC 4 S P U D 
E X C E L 
L E N T 
O R I V E 
A N O 
N E W 
L lC t N S C $17oo C A SH 4i$ 1641 

—... 
" 
T 
T 
T - 'T J 'lu in a l 
(and $125o 333 8157 
C U S T O M M O T R 
S H O W R O O M 
C L E A N H A S E V E R Y O P T IO N 
E X E C U T I V E 
S A L E S M A N 
D R IV E N . P E R F E C T M E C H A N 
IC A L L Y 
$28o8 
N O 
P H O N E 
C A L L S P L E A S E IS IS C U L E B R A 
B U I^ K T i L e sa b re 
L ik e new 
$47o8 G oing overseas, m ust sell 
349 8 34$, 224 4843 
74 'l a i t Ii' I im iied 'P u TT'power AH the exit as 16.ooo mi $38oo will buy 664 7917 
T6~ B W k L im ite d all power', extrp clean t i l t s 923-7174 
•rl B u ick L im it# # L M d e h w A k extras* U ndar 36,% mi t i ) o il*. 
‘P I "B u ic k R e g o l L a n d a u , V I, aulom alic, pawer, tactpry ow, ‘i i license Like new $429$ Will trade 
923 I M I 
TT I uR y B e g o r r y 
" C E T price 
$75oo D ealer cast M IS O Selling price $59oo Loaded actual m iles 
7oo 174 8621 

R A D IO C L A S S IC 
S34*$ 
T O M B E N S O N I M P O R T S 
96oo S A N P E D R O 
341-1354 

■* »• o' r r r g 
T 
4 s p e e d 
7 S m p g . d e a n St,HIS 696 $786_____________ st ip e l Kodettee 
I I (lire e n g good gas m ileage SSOO 734 9613 atter $ p rn. 

6 p e i K a d e t t e s t a t io n w a g o n , good cond *35o 826 3o17 att* a s p r r r u 'k u i m f ! 
4 s p e e d , r o d io . m r lo w m il e s 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
968o SA N P E D R O 
34M 3S4 

■7 3 5 p 5T " M a n f a L u x u u s S p o r t 
C o u p e Good cond SI358 *9 o -H U 

73 O P E C M A N T A 
4 sp e e d , a ir . C o ll 
T o n e pp p a y m e n ts, no e q u ity ca ll O C. 
V O L L M E R . 34o 4o48 , 344 )•$$ atter 7 
- > 2 " O W IF T 5 1 T " ' q u fo m u i!c ‘ c iv o n '! 
Cheap! 
M r 
Bennett 
722-o986 
T i“ o B f L ‘U M T p o r ! wagon, air t i m 321-81 $2____________ 

71 v w Fastback it.o M m i $26*1 
454o222 t i v w F A S T B A C K dlean, ru n * good $5o8 494 $343 tt VW Ghio. engiiie ond Iro n s m ission w arranty SIS95 455 11)1 hft v w dom ! condition m ust sell m oving *85o 937 IQ I* 
*8 VW Good transom lotion 'sfB r 
141 75J8 
T T v W new engine, transm ission, seals with radio 
Very nice 
SIo9$-6$$ 11)1 

/23 IRtUMPH 

K T t A g 'Y h g R T T T 'A R s------- 
A u th u ru e a Sates and service 
Trium ph Alto Rom eo 
I I I ) B R O A D W A Y 838 SSM 
TT & .tfiF e e 6 h 'W t i B t r i » - 
< ellen! condition: 81758 *53 4514 r r i pitTirt TmTVerK BTeTfl* 'i!io8 mT. 
4 sad., A M E M radio Good cond 
M ake arter 458 4621, ext 334 
/ m T " a m im air l l 464 mT 
$537$ 227-o938, 1)4 i i i ) 
T I f T T W F H 
S p it f ir e convertible tow mi $285o 331 8152 
T n f y n r o 'w r i S H r T convert^ bi*, low mi very clean $257$ 
IT * 9$ 19 
_____________ i i f R iU M B m Spitfire, e fe ctru o ve rd rive , am tm cassette E s 
(ellen! 1285o 656 >517 824 o276 
T r r w n r m mi R e b o il '.tacit! p im iento ch e stn u t $$3oo firm 
I ie (MM V otter $ pm_______________ 

12 M o 17 Due nu W arranty 
North side Bug Repair, 69* $8*9 

'J ! V W 'B a b b it, co slum d e lu x air, low mi $2395 111 8l$2 

I T 
V M 
I : » f o ~ 
B u n r 'e~e' r f » 'c'i ' * 
Only $79$ 137 M 6 I 
7V"vW W U V f T F W g k A ir $1418 
(W orth $16o8) 453 45*4 
It, VW Slotionw agoir' New fires, new a u to t r a n s m is s io n , new brokes Rnoio air $1oo8 464 (144 utter 4 pm 
I i VW I f f station w agon. mT, auloniotic, $2195 45$ 11)1 
T T s r# Alation W agon ke"w mo tor 12 M a s wur ■ only *96 5869 i i VW Soper~'ieefle. slick U i'ifT 
Nice cleon cor $139$ 913 *316 
T i V w Sop* i ii., :"f u o f f Iro n s . like new $199o 349 4oo9 
T j- V w Su ^V Yellow Beauty LU 
41.oo8 mi 42* 8338 

B U I C K ’75 R I V I E R A 
Londou root. ail power includes seals, windows, cruise, Itll. am Im stereo lope 
P R IC E R E D U C E D To 15495 
B ill r r g a d w tt il U s ox) C a r s 
YO) BR O A D W A Y 
224-971o 
718 PURSCHE 

 k u 'f f 
1216 N I L O O P 4)8 
834 3214 
“ “ — 
S T T iS r sT h e -T m b ----------- 
53158 goad cond 826 I O U 
4f P orsche 346 <? G o o ! condition 
UH 
9/6 6*o4, eel 
M I 
Atter 6 
341 711o i i f o r t t b i TU J J U hikes "iUosT sod! 88*7$ 222 I M I 
____________ m i l* e r sr ho, I i I Spor I a m a til", 
33.ooo tl>i, 11o,ooo 342 4739 ____ 
7? Porsche 111 T o ro o " speedTs g o u g e s A M F M stereo lope A i toys, excedQRt se. J SD 494 57oo 

 i i B o n k s e n o r s 2 ar. a u power steering, auto 
$225o 
344 7«e/ $ p rn 
_________ 
B u ick ‘T i S k y la rk h ardtop 
P T 
•remelt arte 
Sacrifice first 
$1/95 494 588/ fegiek Skylark 1949 oufo b rive s 
O K Needs a intl* IL C First $398 cash drives it home IS IS Coiebiu 
T f ~B*uTcl **I p o r f w g g o n . g o o d 
Iro n s $6*5 349 3674 
'I T B u ick W agon, il7 5 or best ariel 454 o998________ i f Buick W ildcat I door hardtop, I owner, loaded Beautiful car E x t 
Cond $1158 W ork 431-1421, home 
494 2777 

<9 t ie r Ir a 
I door. oil pow er excettenl. $87 5 342 OSU___________ 
‘H ( i e c t r o I im ife j',",4 dao T , im m aculate. % I sud C pu 34 1 5o77 

73 R IV IE R A Loaded, Y a k * over ppym ents no egorty coli Ernie. 
*81 3871 

‘<7 C A D IL L A C , ■e co lle n t condi 
•ion. b o d y a n d in t e r io r , new tra n sm issio n , b ra n d new tires! 
Needs engine $$o8 479-711) 
TT c 'A 'b H L i e F T C F T w o o fiT 
$1 9$o w in trade tar gala cains ar 
(m a, ond tender o u r * 
349 2411 ask tar R ush Atter 6 341 18$$ 
‘I I C B B N iB c'lilce bai needs u ,tfu work New battery $5oo Alter $ 
822 o134 

•14 
C A D I L L A C 
C O U P E 
D E V IL L E , loaded, leather inter 
■or, excellent condition 
$5495 
*$4 o5*4 
76 C b 3 X S < C o n v e rfib l* See Ie ap p rsc tole1 *55 o913_____________ 

I 7$ CaWiiac Sedan Seville Single awner, all extros, low tn d e agi 
224 8694 
W TouFC BrvlLLI B*r^BT lely eauipped Like new! • 341 U IS h g f t U M M V l L L i , { . IM mi. i m # or best otter 
111 o441 
T T T o u p « TToV i 111’*'! 3oTm TTST 
$18.8*o COM 73) oo74 
TiiftUFI DI VILLI 
W hitebranie $66$o EaceU pni 
Only 9)oo m il** *$$-o21$ i n b o w b i v » E c rt^ r d . -d - -. owner, law m ileage o 1 S 6 M * 
T R b U h fe b f V il LB-------- 
___________$1*oo 344-o3)7 

Clean 
Runs 
Goad!! 
o31o 
Broadway 
T re a tfiiio c : clean, new tire'ti 
*5oo Atter 6 532 2646 
•72 Cadillac Caup* Deville Beroe with while lop Excellent cond! lion M ay be seen al 
1o)o W 
Hildebran* $29oo 733 122/ 
7 T 7 T 5 T r n r 'Coupe 6 * ville 
M idnight blue, cabraiiet root, cruise control, IMI wheel, stereo, power seats, excellent condition 
$699o 493 2733 otter 6 pm i i CAO ILI AC Coupe D ev ille 
Good condition 
$1858 
Cash 
492 198* 
U u T o d lH o c Coope' ftevTlle lu Tl power white over geld, mint ton adion *8o8 349 8532 

'i i BUIctT Riviera loaded excel lent cond • owner Ben Jonieti, 
71* 4111; *$$ )i84 
T T T u TC K I k T h' pwk. V I. a ll pow er, a u l* d a y s 227 348 1 , 
*99 1o3$ tv gs lu ir t Ik yk o w i, lV* tve ry option 
Great go* mileage, drive to ap pretiole! 342 9792 
71 h U iC k Ik y lark, lap cen/hiop, see lo uppreciale, $1$95 7)5 o*94 
6~9-BJ.rrsSylork bran i p ^ X V T outomuiic, power, factory air, stereo too*, law mdeuge excep honour clean l l license 81495 will trade 923 288) 

•BUGS* 
1*64 thru 19/7 
C A LL B IL L 834 442o 
14 DasherT"f door o k oula ,L ex cellen! $2458 494 2713 
7 i b A S H I?*', exct-iienf com fition' 
Must sell 734 $524 
6 X 1 H E R " I* vW# air. Oulu like new >2558 3)3 8 52 

 im m acu late condition 
L ocal owner Ask tar ART $287$, Call 
732 22*8 
72 Cadmic Cm Deville 
L O A D E D " 5/ o88 Allies 
$J7* 
JA M ISO N Mtrs SegORt 233 52o1 
*6* C A D ILLA C , 4 dr sedan 
New rodicU tires, $$95 926-17/9 if / i C aBlligc i i berado, fully ipaded, best offer *5 / 344* 
•ii Cadillac ilD o .u iv Converti bl* 
Low miles, excellent cond 
824 7694 
C h 'g i l l f C i r B m S a-o- f t l * Io n rapt, mini condition 
$$2o8 
49 1 5313 

733 CADILLAC 
’69 CADILLAC S1288 
One owner T p w miles As Mn* as there NM 828 *959 i* Cardiac f aiener Ckean, law miieoge Coll 458 5641__________ 
BAS SAVER! 
" i r ^ i v -o-iT oi- A , ; r dTT^ - i 7 5fr 
Jim IU $o17, 223-8273 
/ I Vol Vo UM! oui* ai/1," stereo. tape y cite ar, brawn ml, like new cond $1895 *58 o591 *$k«| 15 eves 

7) VR7 Fasfhatk 
I owner, att, 
A M F M stereo Very law miles 
I rn mac otute 
1*4 7917 ar Steve, 
*81 1431 
*34*5 

CHEVROLET 

Express-News— Friday, Morch 4. 19 
_______ mm mnoMOBiiis 

— 
T i i S f f 
‘ ‘ * " p “ 

COUPES 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
O 
O 
9 
I 7 7 CHEVELLE MALIBU COUPE f 

MONTE CARLOS 

77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 

2-door, tinted glass, body side moldings, air conditioning, power brakes, 25o six-cylinder, turbo hydram atic transmission, pow er steering, full wheel covers, radial white 
£ rn ■ 
[ am f t stripe tires, windshield antenna, exterior 
$ MW a J # 
2 £ decor package, vinyl interior, it 7 7 o 8 3 3 . 
A f t rn 

2-door, power steering, power brakes, electric clock, tinted glass, deluxe body side moldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors. 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramatic transmission, rodial white stripe tires, windshield an tenna, rally wheels, vinyl interior it 77o 87 5. 
77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
77 CHEVELLE MALIBU COUPE 
2 door, power steering, power brakes, electric clock, tinted gloss, deluxe body side moldings, floor mats, door edge guards, air con­ ditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5 V 8, turbo hydram atic transmission, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, rally wheels, vinyl interior. 
# 
77o718 

2 door, tinted glass, air conditioning, pow er brakes, 3o5 V 8, turbo 
• 

 hydramatic transmission, power steering, 
£ m am am a radial white stripe tires, windshield an- 
.*> MR rn # 
■ K W 
AA tenna, exterior decor package, rally r a f t l l 
T # rn ■ ft wheels, vinyl interior, it 77o781 
■ 
77 MONTE CARLO LANDAU COUPE 

35o, 4-barrel V-8, 
2-door, pow er steering, power brakes, electric clock, tinted glass, floor mats, air conditioning cruise master speed con­ trol, turbo hydramatic transmission, tilt steering wheel, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, bumper rubber strips, auxiliary lighting. stripe tires, windshield antenna, bumper rubber strips, auxiliary lighting, 
^ ^ a 
^ 
♦astrion tone styling, vinyl roof cover, deluxe seat belts tt 77o54Q . 
’77 MONTE CARLO LANDAU COUPE 
CAPRICE 

« • • • • • • • • • & • • • • • • • « 
• ’77 CAPRICE CLASSIC COUPE 

35o, 4-barrel V-8, 2-door, power steering, power brakes, electric 
( clock, power door lock system, tinted glass, power windows, deluxe 
£ 
WMW 
^ ^ A 
. body side molding, floor mats, air conditioning, cruise master speed 
J ) f t f t f t f t f t f t 
‘ control, turbo hydramatic transmission, tilt steering wheel, radial white 
' f t f t f t f t , f t P stripe tires, windshield antenna, bumper rubber strips, auxiliary lighting, 
/inyl roof cover, vinyl interior, tt 7 7 o 5 3 9 . 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••PP 
CAMARO 
COUPES 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• '77 CA M A RO SPORT COUPE f t 
2 -door, tinted glass, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 
A console, power brakes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramatic 
<£ MHI f t MMI AAA 

 transmission, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, elec- 
A ft 
I ft ft w trie clock, windshield antenna, style trim group , . . 
. J ft . f t f t ft f t 
77o827 
M ft 
■ f t T 

NOVA 
W 
* f t S ^ 
'f t / 
4-DooR SEDANS 
^ 

••••••••••••••••••C e 

• ’77 N O V A 4 -D O O R SEDAN 
• 

4'Uvuf, UaiUAff luiwf RcjfBO >BU* iVnivQ y'VJi, WlWf RCytiU »ivv» mule, uvuy ><vs 
. moldings, door edge guards, air conditioning, remote control mirror, cruise master speed f t control, 3o5 V B, turbo hydtomatic transmission tilt steer 
^ am ■ 
V 
A 
A a 
... ing wheel, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, 
3 I f t a 
J I I 
I f t f t bumper guards, power steering, power brakes, full wheel 
M 
^ 8 
A m f bumper guards, power covers. * 7/o763. 

•’77 CAPRICE CLASSIC COUPE 

M A L IB U ^ 
K j g j 
4-DO O R 
I P 
- 
9 • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
» ’77 CHEVELLE M ALIBU SEDAN 
4-door, tinted glass, arr conditioning, power brakes, 2 5 o six-cylinder turbo hydramatic transmission, pow er rn ^m am steering, full wheel covers, radial white stripe 
4* l f f am tires, 
A M radio, exterior decor package, 
A f t A A m i l vinyl interior .. . 9 77o 74 2 

IN SU RANCE and j p E f i f 
FIN A N C IN G 
+ 4 
AVAILABLE! 
J H 
I A f t 

CHEVY VAN 
^ • • • • • • • • • « 

• 
77 Vi-TON SHORT • 
WHEEL BASE CHEVY VAN 
• 

R P 
Window body glass, pointed below eye level miners, f t 
^A heavy duty front springs, heavy duty rear springs, vacuum po wet brokes, 25o CID engine, 3 speed f t manual transmission standard emission system, am gauges, voltmeter od and tempeiatui*. CM has 
^ f t designed manufactured sold and certified ta ap f t 
• 

 prove vahnle safety stondords, this vehicle os a bus, multiple buck, bu) not as ft 

BLAZER DEMoNSTAToR 
!• ••• ••• ••• ••• ••• •• 

I 

’76 BLAZER 

DEMONSTRATOR 

FLEETSIDES 
^•••••••••••••••« 

• ’77 FLEETSIDE PICKUP 

EL C A M IN O 

• • ••• ••• ••• ••• •• Pc 
I ’77 El CAMINO CLASSIC PICKUP 
! 

 f t 
W Ion Scottsdule. longwheel lase, tinted glass, all weather air conditioning, 
• 

 hooey duty hont anc rem shock absorbers, Iront slobber bar, heovy duty rear springs vacuum power brakes, V B engine, 3o5 CIO, 2 borrel, turbo f t hydrametx transmission, variable ratio pawer steering, bright metel sheet 
^ coven, AM pushbutton radio, chromed front bumper guards, highway belted f t bias whitewall hies. conventional two tone 
• 

 paint, gauges, volt meter, ad and tem 
( 
J A 
J am mm perature. 
Lattsdate equipment, colonial f Am g \ a 
• yellow and hest white buckskin custom vinyl 
.rn A f t M 
J 
Ln ih seats #775216 
W ^ am 

AM 
Color keyed seat and shoulder belts, tinted glass, color keyed floor mats, body side moldings door edge guards, air conditioning, sport minors, 3o5, 2 barrel V-8 engine, turbo hydromohc transmission, comforter steering wheel, power 

^ steering, steel belted rodiol white stripe tires, electric clock, 

A M rodio, heavy duty radiator, front am bumper guards, roily wheels, aux diary lighting, buckskin vinyl roof 
© cover, buckskin metallic exterior, buckskin vinyl interior 9 775 48 2 

Utility with top, 8-cylinder, tinted glass, all weather air conditioning, front stainless mirror, locking dif­ ferential, V-8 engine, 4oo C.I.D., turbo hydramatic transmission, 31 gallon fuel tank, fuel tank shield plate, comfortilt steering wheel, power steering, heavy-duty battery, electric clock, A M pushbutton radio, chromed grille, steel belted radial 

 whitewalls, special two-tone paint, 
Cheyenne 

 equipment, blue and white, 

 blue custom vinyl bucket seats, * mm m am a trailer hitch 
*45o71 
LIST 
* / 

PRICE $8764 6o. YOUR PRICE 
" I V V 

 i s&sr * 
‘t o H j . 

*•••• ••• ••• • 

 x L u l a 
’HL 
Cl J 
*5545 

77 FLEETSIDE PICKUP 

SUBURBANS 

^ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
« , 

• '77 Vt TON SUBURBAN 

 f t 
5-cotridol-- equipment, tinted gtu.v conter and leer 
• 

 wots eferlrx tailgate windows hem end tear ow conditiemng, shunless eye level mu lory heovy duty f t horn and rem shock absorbers. root ail* J 4o mho, speed and cruise lontiol Y I engine J5U I I o 4 f t borrel, turbo hydromohc honsimssion, 31 gallon fuel 
• 

 tank, vim table lotion power steeling, rally wheels, electric dock chromed front bumpee guoids high f t way steel belted radial whir#wall tues,«stencil decor package Scottsdale equip 

 f t m a u l. buckikin custom 
^ vinyl bench, 
Cocdovu 
C 
F 
W bown and Santo fe ton a m 
J l l am 
# 7/5424 
M 
* m 
W ft 77 «/2 TON SUBURBAN 
_ 
(OUR WHttl ORIVE folding conter seat, hilled gloss, hen! and not oh conditioning, locking diHerentiol. 
• 

 moi u*t< spead and urn* control, V S engine 4uo t i o 4 barrel turbo hydiamaiK hocismissicm power f t steeling, heavy duty buttery AM pushbutton ludm deadweight tmiter hitch, highway steel belted radial ft whitewall ties, gouges 
• 

Scottsdale equipment mo 

 m ist green buckskin J n a m ^ 
^ custom vmyt bench 
* j J 

DEMONSTRATORS 

,•••••••••••• 

’76 LUV 
DEMONSTRATOR 
Ah Lundrttoning outemotM tionsmtseian, .wbeless while stupe tuts, AM pushbutton lodio, chromo bumper guards, roar slap bumper erlenar dot or package, Mikado custom intoner, sky blue extenor, blue cloth interior 
#6547o LISI 
( l l 
PUKE V48V3 IS i i / A l l I I 
YOUR PRICE 
* 
■ V 
V 

77 FLEETSIDE PICKUP 
^ 
V? ton Short Rheol lose, bums reguWn fuel, pawet door lock systom, tinted f t gievi. shding rear wrrsduw pawer windows, Hoar mats, doer edge guoids. oh 
• 

Iondrttoning stainless tye level murors, heavy duty chassis equipment heavy Arty shock absorbors, bent vlobdiier bar. speed and cruise centref. 
• 

35o 4 borrel. V I. turbo bv am alic Itonsmissuin, ult steering wheel, poorer steering ratty wheels, inside hood lock f t release electric clock windshield antenna, a rn gm am ma 
^ (hiomed anil* chiomed bumpei guards, steel 
^ J L 9 a 
W 
L f t betted todwi whilewod tues, Silverado (quip 
| 
| 
J 
B 
J J 

 a men!, special two tone point #77518o 

• ’77 FLEETSIDE SILVERADO PICKUP* 
• 

 hi ton. tinted gloss all weather cm conditioning compel min ars, fleetside 
Pickup Boe, heavy duty front stobtlicei bor heovy dutv front springs rear axle 4 IO ration extra capacity mer springs locking dtfferentml heavy duty pewee brokes Y B engine. 454 (1o , 4 barret, turbo hydromutn transmission auxiliary fuel lunk, mmloitdl steering wheel vortobfe mtio power steeling 
• 

4ooo wort heovy duty Delco freedom battery cargo area tamp AM IM ft pushbutton radio chromed grille, chromed 
™ 
• 

 hunt bumper gauds, ’ubetess highway tires. 
* rn aaa am ft 
SHveiode eqwpmeni speiiol two tone point J J L 
W " J t f t buckskin custom vinyl bench, metodn ted and 
J 
J a 
^m 
9 
^ 
Santa felon #7/5o11 a 
M a a * 

^ 
D O W N T O W N 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
TRUCK MALL 
1121 B R O A D W A Y 
• IHE ONIY ENCLOSED TRUCK M AH IN IHE SOUTHWEST • 
223-4281 

’76 LUV 
• 
DEMONSTRATOR 
• 

 lig h t utility vehicle oh coMdittomng automatic transacts scan white stnpe tues, rear step bumpei, eileitot 
_ decor package Mikado custom interior chrome cid*pipe*, f t camper cover 
*7o14 wide f t 
Oval tnos AM IM tother 
I A MI f j F 
W 
#65473 USI N K I SSSS4 3S 
A A V 
/ 
J f t 
T O O R PRICE a M A * rn* 
^ 

 out 
TO 
SMITHS 
MATURE 
PRICING 
POLICY, ALL PRICES 
INCLUDE 
DESTINA­ 
TION 
CHARGE and 
DEALER 
PREPARA­ 
TION!_________ _ 

73O-743WIToH55IUS 
73o-743 AUIOMOBIUS 
73o 743 AUTOMOBiUS 
73o-743 MITOMIIOIUS 
*T ............ 
E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
F r i d a y , , M a r c h A , 
1 9 7 7 
N i n t h P a g e * 

7 3 o -7 4 3 AUTOMOBILES 
I 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
_______________ ^ O T ^ A jT T O M O B ^ ___________________ 

WmM 

* % 
BIG 
COUNTRY 
FORD 
SALES 

1976 DEMOS WITH FACTORY 
1 9 7 6 LTD 4-D R . 
LIST PRICE 
STK. o5838 
$ 6 7 4 7 .o o 
1 9 7 6 GRAN TORINO 
WAGON STK. #5669 
1 9 7 6 RANCHERO 
EXPLORER STK. o 5863 
1 9 7 6 GRAN TORINO 4 
STK. o 59oo 
1 9 7 6 MUST. COBRA 
STK. oS8O3 
1 9 7 6 THUNDERBIRD 
STK. o5872 

$ 6 8 2 1 .o o 

$ 5 9 9 9 .o o 
DR. 
$ 5 9 9 8 .o o 

$ 5 o 2 4 .o o 

$ 9 9 6 o .o o 

IN BOERNE 

WARRANTY 
SALE PRICE 
$4969.87 
*4996.oo 
*424o.oo 
*4877.oo 
*42o7.oo 
*75o2.oo 

. c 
~ 

‘ Above m onthly paym ents based on dow n paym ent of $5oo cash or trade, plus tax, title and license To get de­ fe rre d p a y m e n t price, m u ltip ly 48 tim es p aym en t. A nnual percentage rate 13.61% w ith approved credit. 

TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC—GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO A OPEN EVENINGS * 736-1561 

SPECIALS OF THE WEEK 
ON NEW FORDS 

1977 FORD LTD 4-dr. 
STK. o1138 

L I S T $ 6 3 2 9 . o o 
NOW • 
* 5 3 6 3 .8 2 

19 77 FORD 1-1o. 
STK. #1134 

L I S T $ 4 4 6 3 . o 5 
NOW 
* 3 8 5 8 .6 2 

153 S. MAINm«w,«. S.A. LINE 227-o86o 
“ WHERE YOU CAN BUY COUNTRY STYLE" 

P l f 
W 
M 
M 
- 
’ G i r 
" 
S 
* 1 9 7 6 PONTIAC 
SUNBIRD 
® 
FLEET BUY BACKS 

6 T o C h o o s e F r o m 

113o BROADWAY 
SPECIALS 

SSL 
• All have remainder of 5 Year-6o,ooo Mile Fac- f l f i k tory Engine W arranty — some have under 
C 
12,ooo miles with new car warranty left 
• All have factory air conditioning 
£ 
• All have automatic transmission 
• Most have stereo radios 

R 
• 
A " c o lo r s 
C 
A 
P 
A 
P s 
• Most have power 
▼ 
^ l f l y jB b steering & disc brakes 
^ o m f rn I V f\SUPERIOR PONTIAC) 
« 
92 o BROADWAY 
Ak 
JA 227-5o41 
OPEN EVENINGS WEEKENDS ^ v /ifii 

SPECIAL 
FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES during the month of March on any new car sold in our inventory. We have the largest selection 
In Texas to choose from at SPECIAL SAVINGS on every car. 
“We’re The D ealer That M akes The Prise R ig h t" 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“The D ealer That Tells It Like It Is" 

M A U C D i r v 
* 
4 door, oh, automatic, f f t A V c K l v A radio, hoot#? NOW r \ A D T "t" Hardtop, power, oh, vinyl root, b A K I whitewall! HSC8o/ r i in w I I I * toot, oil eilrov power, air, 
• U l t I I I I whitewalls, real cleon 
D A I A D A (Worn, 
4 door, power, oh, r U L A K A Vinyl root, (leon . . . . 

C 9 A W M lmp*rK,i 
* too*, ordinal and 
V N V TV IS (leon, power, oh, yinyl root How 
D O D G E S S J X ," ' . T * " f '. 

S A T H I IT E 
Hordtop, power, 
OH. 
J e t I C L H I C vinyl roo!, whitewall, reol (leon 
CHALLENGER 
HOW 
............... 

M O N A C O VrJSET-*:'"*. 
AA A Al A T A 4 toor litre (leon, power, oh, 
I N U N A V U vinyl roo! WAS SUO* NOW 
MARQUIS catalina y r j r ' I *"■ 
AC D E L I 
* 
4 door, power, oh, vinyl 
A i r C N roof like n ew 
.......... 
Cl I D V I I I MwHiop, oil eitrtv power, oh, 
P U K I I I I vinyl roo!, whrtewaHi Hue 
4 door outomatK, power (tearing, ro«fce. heater, whitewalls, redured 
73 BELAIR 

71 FORD 
*•*" " " 

* 7 o AA A % /C D ir i/ 7 toor, power oh, rodie, 
/ L (T IA V C K I V K hoot* small VS thorp HOW 
73 MONACO 

7 3 fu ry iii H S J ;,:r - r " " ' . 
*73 DART po"*<' m‘ ymyl ,#®*' 

7 2 c o o p e r s 3 s r 
.............. 
73 MARQUIS ^ 
74 BUICK 
“ 
75 CHARGER 'Z jg X Z ? **. r j t Q I l l / - IF Century londou hordtop power, oh. f J D U I V K vinyl roof HOW 
74 DODGE outomotrc, Y I 
' T A M C W D A D T ^ ^ o p (rune control vinyl f i l a u r v r K I reel power oh leal (leon 
76 EL CAMINO SS ^ 
"**' p~ 

‘125o 
*295o 
*135o 
*145o 
* 99o 
*235o 
*295o 

*279o 
*275o 
*1295 
*485o 
*225o 
*415o 
*119o 

*159o 
*165o 
*17oo 

*22oo 
*225o 
*24oo 
*28oo 
*26oo 
*35oo 
*445o 
‘43oo 
‘43oo 
*325o 
‘525o 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

COUP! DeVIUf *1145o 

Silver-Silver . .*1o5oo 
7 7 Slue Bluc 
SFVILLi 

'7 7 CORDOBA 
2 -d o o r, a u to ­ matic, air con­ ditioned, power steering, p ow er brakes, v in y l in te rio r, 
*7 1 3 8 

 ll HIRE! 

 or, oh, low imteape 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY fV IN fM O I 227 2283 

CA VENDER’S 
“ SPECIALS” 
*73 mon ^vndorbird Coupe. factory air, all 
/ 4 PUKll power OMI eitree, raedy to ae.... 44t5 
73 OLDS 
2995 
•79 DI UCI/ Ceeteelee, 4-door hardtop, (artery mAGC 
/J dulv.IV air, oil power and oilrai ...... a4tj 

• 7 1 r u r v / V * • " * • Cwl* Cw*F#’ k r t e j air. • * 
S C A O C 
7b CHIVY power and eitret. only 1o,ooo wides.. 54V J 
JBKB IHHV 4oHA flKBl 
"It * * erne wmYYWs, wwiy I VyVW win#** ee * “ o 
5 
7 
9 
5 
I 751oRoNADo ir r .1: r i ' . i . ,"**” ' ‘579s 

*4799 

•We HOV** — r*>or U .L . 

JACK RICGIR 

C N 
R V i l l i P L Y 
M 
O 
U 
T 
H 

'77 VOLARE 
2 -d o o r h a r d ­ top, automatic, air conditioned, 
6 - c y l i n d o r , power steering a n d b r a k e s , 
#7135 

58oo SAN PEDRO 

7 3 2 -8 2 1 1 

714 o m it) 

2 8 o o BROADWAY 
(Acroft From Brackenridge Park) 

OPEN 
EVENINGS 

7tt-C8DuAt 

; / I t i OOH a d o te tr a in g ra ft 
M u tt eacritice Moke atte r Cen 
MW BENNE TT 727 o+4* 

Ti EL D O * ADU Good tone (leon ce r*l T i m c 
A o r m e n i t a n e a t t a m e bo lo o r t 
M r 
Bennett m HU 
I TE nre ares------- 
Will tell for 411*4 M f HT* 
___ 
*71 
F le e tw e o d 
B ro u g h a m ae it eon ce loa-i 'Id, I awner, un maculate, S I.IM 3 4 1 U lt Iv a n tees, I4M 3W . 
__ 

 h F I # # lw * o d Sreeeham 
L o a d ae. tike new M u tt t.u At? OI** 
L u io rv tW i F le e t w o o d A o u e ^ d eiratn tr 4 dr ail equip 127 R IM or Ilk -SAAS 
____ 

I OKTNER MUST SELL ONE! s7 CADILLAC E itra nice. SHOO 
Ti C H EV Y IM P ALA Sport Coupe. ! 
' 12,ooo m i, lik e new . 42*oo 
144 4o1* 34* 24o7 

 l l 
BISCAYNE sedan 
$724 I 
SH **24 
I t Caman* Am PM rodio aula air pawer 
Spoiler Group 44**4 or bes! otter 
Arter 
I p m 
4)4 11*7 
1974 REO I UNTIE CAO e l d o r a d o C O N V E R T IB L E !! 
Has eve ry th in *!! 
Coll 
John 
M I o211 

H d m o r i , C ic e M e n l to a d loaded 
ARROW 
(answer I machine) 

RIAT) CADILLAC 
117 L E X IN G T O N 
22* 7221 

 i i C A M A R O le a d e d 
A b a v e ! a v a l a a * , s ilv e r, b la c k tap 
UT OAR) 
1)7 7224 i ‘/ I CAMARO I t >uily loaded'' 
24,ooo mites Will Finance 
1oos* financm e a v a ilab le 
C all 
Bab 
Puente 22} o*11 
734 
CHEVROIF f 

AA Eel Air Wooon HOO or bes' oHyr lit M arch 14 SAA OI IS H S 
* Flores 

7f Comoro IT, so oar package pawer en. duals eiellen t cand adult awner 21) 7474 4*4 H I * 

71 C o m a re p o w er tte e rin « . b ro ket oir, r o a r tp e a k e ri, ivy preen with white vinvl reef Bet! otter* )24 ASSA 
Tr g r < U A B 6 < i T 
>T;nd .r v t 
EU LLY E Q U IP P E D M I 1414 
T i ruoiero Tvee Lf"." Silver and red loaded S4IM 121-4142 i r a u i t b vs a olo7 air" power tite r me only SA,IM int H SM l i l t BROADWAY 
21) I Ste 
75'ifun afa i i i V l. aula . power. a ir, A M PM . I S ,SM nu Br awn. b e ie t vinyl top E /cedent cond t rets u t n u , es) u n 
" if Comer'o C o nverfikie.'2 cvT", auto orange end w hite, pood condition Cleon inside 
22141)1 obi t i a nor s JO e t) it»e r i - w w r a t L i w e m r u r n rn net Loaded, m ull tell, take up pevmentt Must ask tar Don Hour r n a m i m r e i P i i e r r daar hordfap 
Aet#, ar, pawer U te rin e White vinvl foe. blue exterior 
I1RRS, 
>24-5111 

‘f f C i l h j t 4 b t . b i b c k , e i r , e e w e T eicettenl SD M et) 2o44 i r r m n r e Landoo T 'd o e r 
P o w e r e v a r y th m e lt 
S le re e . c ru is e , tilt w heal 
A tta m e pevm entt. and betone# Com Mr 
Bennett, 222 M IA 
_________ 
* t C b eveil* F-dr hardloa lid , 
4 ted . laokt and runt Bood SISO 
I ss; SIA), I SS7-RR3I 

734 OKVROIET 

74 Chaveiie Loaune LAOded. un iou#I 1)2oo Coll 144 7IIS 

Al CheveNa, new i i i cu in enfin# 
Aute Very clean SISO ORO oo71 otter 4 week do vt 
7) C heveret Im pala, E ic e lle n l cand Lew miieeee es) toe# oner 
$ Mem 
T T IfH F V B B IT T " g A M 
I { I . lo a d e d ' IOO*. R m o n cm e m a i j ole Cot! 
Ju lio G a r ta 227 o411 nr wisnret'ff tu t an 
JRO* IA HON Ne dawn, payment 
• squired 
Call 
Julie 
Gar to 
,222 le u 
TI C h e vro le t Im p a la 2 dear 
Coupe A ttu m e payment# Ceti 
BfCivo R22 4)»o or 42) 4o1 f f f i Chevrolet im pala Custom 
E icellen l condition One owner. 
o24 RSA), ARI OOIA 

IRM CHL UPOLE r IM PALA Cut lam ane awner 
2 deer hardtop 
424 KSAS, ARS ROSS 

( t w e e 
• m o n lik e new re d re it. a ir 
> hecks a qed cond SUSQ IAI SOI 2 
H d hey role I iAoiibu tlo tv ic Low m iie a ee 
Na ta u ity 
A ttu m e pevmentt Cab Breve o22 o lio ar 
421 4931 
7T7 ’h T V fc'fiL 1 T *M ornta gorfT. 
WHI finance with s o m a credit Coll weedy e l) 144o 

SAVE THE 
HEADACHE of Shopping for a Car 
I will tacet* the ior yea went and bnnf it to your hem*, any (at, new ai used 

W ill finance. 
Coll M r . Fisher. 
232-8611 

?34 a m in 

7* Chevrolet Neva V o, automa tic, pawer, teeterv air. new tires 
‘77 btente 
I17RS 
WHI trade 
RI) 2oo) r* 7 T C H fv R 6 li'T 1, ion aiel" via 
LWB CeN I AA) 4o7o 
' i f (iW k v n o iET V I AUTO 
USO 
R22 MIO 
'•TTTHiyv Cupric>~Y~foT4 w ooen, R p o s t .ager paw er ire .m g •. ukes aula air. tiROO 
♦lr r n , MR 1*74 
7 TT H lf VV e A F llg l, I door h a rd to p , l- e w e ir , tlO O m iles. 
*12 SO 224-1)44 Mr Id s *# 

734 CHEVROLET 

44 C hevy Copruir 
OOM. Ceti OIA-2iPe 
Ti Chevy ^o u p e H a lc h b a d 
(2 plus B i. AM EM stereo, a ir, pawer VO A l litre t ow* mi sties 
474 OHS w fcdoyt R S, 4o4 ooo1 
, oner 4 and whenas_____________ 
73 CHEVY 4 oo82 i IM PALA Metallic blue Autema tic, oir pawer S te e r mg broket A reel thorp co r!! t i MR 
HEM PHILL MCCOMBS 
ROSO SOU THS! OE 
HOI S d M ilitary RU A)17 n iT U tVY Impala clean, 4 door, aute, a ir, power, sees RO*, tin oncme avoilabie 224 441o 

’ 74 CHFVY IMPWjT 
2 deer COUPE 
Bleck with while j vinyl root automatic, air, pawer steer ma broket 
E u ro cleon1 ................... t m * 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
HOBO SOUTHSIDE leo) S W M ilitary e l l 4)17 
1 •R fT W Iv v U p o io i -d nrrjT a p " 
VO aula power, a ir, e ic e lle n l 
Law nm SDRS >34 *)4* 
47 C he w Im p a la Best a fte r 
Cab 474 ISS* jirmiiWTs^e, drlion Sits OTT oo*1 
1 u ) f F v ' vv M a l lh a. A M F M power disc brakes. 4 semi new 
M ichelm e tire s, ti,IOO ar best 
Otter 7)) USO Mutt tell 
Chevy AAaliku L o ua n o rou l* air, am dm ) 4.ooo mi Cacattenl 
*2ooo Owner AS) /OOO 

7 6 dodge 

7 5 BUICK S t^ « -hS a w .- r " . .'4295 
■76 olds 
‘seas 

'73 CADILLAC 
*3695 

7 6 OLDS S ? l2 ? L .'3 S L t4 
‘3995 

7 6 CHRYSLER'r^.nSwL.- . 
‘5795 

7 o OLDS 98 
*1695 

7 2 MAZDA RX3 & f t £ t ^ 7 £ S L * 995 
7 5 f o r d s r r j ^ K a j s a ^ . M 
M s 
•Ti o ld s s z s r r - . ^ ^ f r r . *4995 

12,o6o M IU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORF. 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON M A N Y O f OUR 

7 4 OR NEWER MODELS. 
"CONFIDENCE IS CA VENDER" 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

7 6 ^ . ^ 1 5 5 o o 
7 6 KKR 
*1o85o 
7 6 S SK 
‘1o95o 
76 S IT , 
*965o 
76 
*8975 
7 6 
.. *795o 
7 6 K X r . . *859o 
76 «23£mi£...*9675 
76 SRS!".. *969o 
76 3 ^ * 9 6 5 o 
76 i r f f . . *965o 
7 6 K S T !.; *955o 
7 6 
*9675 
7 6 i Z ^ Z . ‘8995 
75 SSSiui. *S75o 
75»aD.°?« .... *829o 
75 m?SL ....‘775o 
75 ESS! 
‘839o 
75 E S ? 
*799o 
75 SSemS? *765o 
7 5 “!? S T *769o 
75 2 2 S T *765o 
75 E S T ? *779o 
75 52?“*" .. *699o 

7 4 SESE 
*625o 
72 ZESS? *349o 
7 o E S S T ‘219o 

OTHER MAKES 

*599o 

ROH! I AC GUR 
/ O R ill 
Maroon MMte 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAT— j 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 217-4281 
.CCW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 

O p e n M o n . - f r i . I A . M 
. 
To A P.M. 
Sat. • A M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

IM - CHIVRULH 
234 
C H tT O U t 
7M CKVMUl 

7B CHEW MALIBU 
CLASSIC 2 DOOR C O UP E 
Au lam atic, oir, Fully loaded1 Low m iieau* Like new 
..............S47oR 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FO RD SOUTHSIDE 
1*o1 I W M ilitary *11 4)11 

*7 (•Hew Mulibv )77 e n g , stick shift, food cur* *4* 2143 
; r r u 77 M ^ i. u r n I .ad i*tg best arter *o* n e t uh s i i C hew Monto 2 P lat I Hiatth buck 
AM P M I tra c k , loaded 
Must selh *22 424* 
T T T -fiT v T T tS v T T m 
1 
I 4 door, I 2 a oar. aute air. rad*# tow mi SSI IO ta 7)1 *1 *1 1 P o t1 
12o 47)1 Uvas 
I i i ik e VV Slotion"- Woe on a tv ! 
*4oo o11 )441. 441*217 
______ 
4*’ C hevy Station Woo an id pot tenger LoadedU S»*o-*1A )R*o 
*44 Chevy ttd cleon runt a re o i1 
*4oo 224 1144 atter 4 
4V d f'7 v v"V T * T dr . oI r " 7 u T 7 
42 OOO miles SS4S 344 *o4o_______ 

7 l'c it o v v VtOO k « » H M t c * n j nan taw mites ASS-tAI* 

47 C H IV Y VA SASO Ar best otter, mum 
_____________________ 
J i tk e w Urouan V I aute radio healer air $**S t i * )**o d ean i i i * Used C art At 
| 
BUDGET R E N T A CAR JA* AAA) 
H I N E ( gap 41o OI Airport Blvd 

A* G reta 4 door CHAW, aa ta air, I 
SABO 714-o124 
] t i im p a la , clean, in auf. need* I 
I ane up Fur into 47* 7o4* » ta ♦ j 
72 i m p a l a Oulu i t I deer nard log »IQ*S Atter A pm, AS) I * ) ) 
'(J IM P A LA A DOOR 
Assume poyments. R I * SAIA 
Ti impala 4 deer eicellenl. lew mOeuu. SA R RS 4)4 oo)7 
21 IM P ALA I dr hardtop power i arr pulp HIOS AIS Ton_________ 
IM P A L A 1*74 E X T R A C L E A N 
14,ooo 
M IL E S 
HA S 
T IL T , 
CRUISE STEREO W ITH TAFE 
SPLIT E L E C T R IC SEATS AND 
W IN D O W S , 
T H U S L Y 
I H E 
NICEST ONE 
IN TOWN t)*oo j P IM M ! j 
1 
74 I rn t< ut (Ti 4,ooo mi aula ISO V I 
« ? ' mm i_____________________ 
At IM PALA , standard. I dr, ntw 
. tires, runs feed. SOM. ASI 27*4 

Ti IMPALA Stollen Woo en 
♦ pass LOAOED 
..................$21*S 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
PUS RS 
- H ill? * 
7o Impala Vt, uula. on new tires. 
S*o> 21J2)4Sower S 
LITTLE OR NO CESOlT 7 lf Yea Have A Jab and IMO wa Can SELL You A C arn 
CLARK I AUTO SALES 
IOU West A v e _______ 7JA ;«*» 
Ti M alibu Classic 
Its , aula , 
I d r., a ir. S t ill in W a rra n ty 
♦ ll it . A alter s 
74 M A LIB U CLASSIC I door 
A sa a m * p a ym e n ts and 141*2 balance Coil GUERRA 212 o*o* 
I* ;* Malibu Classic Woaott Air, aula e le ctric w indows, lacks 
Radmit 
1o,ooo miles 
*13-o1*1, 

78 MALIBU CLASSIC 
Autom ata an, pawar slaorn brakes LIKE NEW . . . . . . . *4 
HEMPHILL MCCOMES 
PORO SOUTHSIDE 
_»Rt j$_Ty M,Mgrv n i s i 17 

I i M a l i b u C l a s s i c 
O r i a i t o w n e r , m u s t s * l l w o r t h S M 
Sacrifice s)**) o2o ) 2o3. 

A l i n e s 
$ 
DAYS 

NON COMMERCIAL* 
R 
I 

C A N C E L L A B i t 
5 
W 
W 

J 
S e 
QUICK RESULTS! 

Tenth Page ____ * _________ Express-News— Friday, March 4, I 9 7 7 

73o 743 - AUTOMOBilES 
73o-743 AUTBHDBIIES 
73o-743' MJToM68ILES 

73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743AUTOMOBILES 
73o743AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

G I L L E S P I E F O R D 
GRANADA SALE 
OO 

LOADED 

N E W ’ 7 7 

G R A N A D A i d r 

IN STOCK 

8 4 G R A N A D A S 

PRICED FROM 

$ 
4 
1 
9 
2 
° o 

DOWN 
CASH OR TRADE 

■ o r 
NOW 

SPORTY HARDTOP 
Air Conditioned 
Automatic Transmission 
Steel Belted W hitewalls 
AM-Pushbutton Radio 
Tinted Glass 
25o Cu. In 6 Cylinder 
Power Steering 

1 2 / 1 2 

 fc MONTHS OR 12 OOO MILES 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE COVERAGE 
A V A ILA B LE 

BIGGEST SALE 
IN OUR 23-YEAR HISTORY 

OVER $1 MILLION INVENTORY 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

 u p 
CASH PRICE OF $ 4 9 9 8 .o o with $1 88 Down on Approved Credit — 48 months at $126.26. 
Annual percentage rate 11.83, Deferred price $ 6 2 4 8 .4 8 . 
State Tax, License Excluded. Stock £ 4 1 8 9 . 
*3oo to *5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

2311 Broadway - 227-141 5 

9 7 A MAZDA 8o8 Station 
J “ wagon.................................... 

’ 7 4 MO Convertible Coupe............ 

* 7 3 CAPRI S-deor.......................... 

* 7 4 VOLKSWAGEN Thing................ 
I J ] 
PLYMOUTH Satellite «. 

* 7 o CHIVY Impale 4-door.............. 

* 6 8 MUSTANG 2-door.................... 

* 7 6 MAVIRICK LOO 4-door............ 

* 7 5 PINTO 2-door.......................... 

* 7 4 DATSUN 2POZ, 2+2................ 

* 7 5 MAVIRICK 4-door................... 

* 7 5 GRANADA 2-doer.................. 

* 7 5 •UKK Regal 4-door.............. 
IT X CHIVY Monte Carlo, 2- 
/ ** door landau ........................ 
I J ^ GRANO 
TORINO 
2- 

* 7 5 THUNOCRRIRD 2-door............ 

‘ 1 8 7 5 
‘2 5 9 5 
‘ 1 6 7 5 

‘ 1 5 9 2 
‘ 9 9 9 
* 4 7 5 

* 691 
*3 9 9 5 
‘ 2 5 9 5 

‘4 4 5 o 
‘2 8 9 5 
•3 4 9 5 

‘3 4 9 5 
‘ 3 8 9 5 
‘ 3 2 9 5 
‘ 5 5 9 5 

2755 S.W. Military Drive - 923 a 

FoRo LTD londou, 4-door........................ 
FORD 4-door............................................ 
'74 DODGE Tradesmen IOO Von.................... 
’72 PONTIAC Granville 2-door hardtop........... 
'72 CADILLAC Deville 4 door.......................... 
'73 PONTIAC Grand Prix 2-door hardtop........ 
'76 GRANADA Ghio 4-doar.............................. 
'73 BUICK Electro 2-door hordtop................... 
'73 CHEVY Caprice 4-door hordtop 
............. 
'75 PINTO 2 door.......................................... 
'6 9 CHEVY Nomad notion wagon.................. • 
'71 FORD ITO 2-door hordtop........................ 
'7 4 FORD LTD Country Squire Station wagon. 
'74 FORD Custom SOO 4-dooc........................ 
'72 FORD LTO 4 door................................... 

4 5 4 1 

 l? 6 9 5 t 

3 5 9 5 
2 2 9 5 
$ 2 6 9 5 
$ 3 2 9 5 
$ 4 4 9 5 
$ 2 6 9 5 
$ 2 4 9 5 
$ 2 4 9 5 
$ 4 5 o t 

6 o o 
3 3 9 5 
$ 1 9 9 5 
$ 2 o 9 5 

2 o 1 4 Goliad Road - 3 3 3 - 6 7 2 o 
PONTIAC Trans Am, oh, power, 4-speed.. $ 5 6 9 5 
PONTIAC Tram Am, cir. power, oulo — $ 4 8 9 5 
PONTIAC Grand Prix, looded.......................$ 4 9 9 5 
FORD LTD 4-door, cir, power................... $ 4 o 9 5 
FORD LTD landau 4-door, looded ............$ 4 4 9 5 
TORO LTD Londou 2-door looded 
$ 4 2 9 5 
CHEV Vega 4 speed GT Hatchback 
$1 5 9 5 
FORD Pinto Squire Wagon, V 6, looded . 
$ 5 o 9 5 
FORD Gronodo Ghio 4 door 
$ 5 3 9 5 
FoRo Gron Torino 4-door.................. 
$ 3 1 9 5 
FORD F1oo Sport Custom, air, stondord, V 6 2 4 9 5 
FORD MSO Custom, V-8, outo power 
.. $ 3 8 9 5 
KHO MOO (mtw*. V-8, »ta*4er4. se, eloper. .. $ 3 9 9 5 
KHO MOO Cvttom IWV. 6. x .-t.'t, MMM 
$ 3 4 9 5 
AMC Gremlin X 2-door, oh, V-8, auto — $ 1 4 9 5 

1 7 2 2 Austin Highway - 8 2 6 - 3 2 8 7 
CHEVY Novo 2-door..................................... $ 2 8 5 6 
OLDS Cutlass stotion wagoo........................ $ 4 1 9 5 
FORD Country Sedan wagon 
$1 2 9 5 
FORD F-IOO Supt'r Cob p> hup.................... $ 3 6 9 5 
CHEV*' Impala, 2-door, hordioo................... $ 8 9 5 
DATSUN Coupe.............................................. $ 1 8 7 8 
RANGER Pickup 
...........................................$ 3 3 8 6 
PONTIAC Firebird...........................................S I 8 4 2 
MATADOR Wagon 
..................................... $ 1 6 8 o 
CHEVY leGuno 2-door hardtop ................... $ 2 3 4 6 
FORD Country Sedan wagon........................ $ 2 2 5 7 
CHEVY Impala, 4 door ............................... $ 1 2 9 6 
MUSTANG 2-door hordtop 
................. $ 3 3 3 3 
OLDS Delta 88 2-door hordtop 
............... $ 1 9 2 9 
OLDS Cutlass Supreme 2-door hordtop 
$ 3 9 8 6 
• MAVERICK 2-door................................... 
$ 1 1 2 6 

TRUCK a JHA D ir t. 
2 4 1 1 B ro a d w a y - 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 9 
*7 o FORD 5 Porn Club Wg , 6 Stn, RH, ou 
$ 1 8 9 7 
’ 7 3 OOOGI (MOO VS ten IVW F U. I, Wile, *. IL. F L, 
$ 2 7 4 7 
*7 3 n it fat. W i|w w < -*m p., I u n , w. t»*M. $ 4 1 9 7 
'7 4 HW CtwrM.. S l-4r, 4-vrkwl 4c., I ewe . err, MWW $ 4 4 6 7 
'7 4 XV Cml WafMMr, 4-wtkml Or., I, mn., eh, .»w*T $ 4 7 7 7 
’ 7 4 ran ow ■. •». •»«■> u t xii., i, mr*., w. h » " $ 3 6 4 2 
' 7 4 r a e r m oov , Tm r w e u e w r u e ,a m ., 
Or, power................ 
$ 3 4 9 1 
'7 5 ran MOO SVW FU., I, anre, aw. »•»•«, a w M temgm............................................. $ 4 2 8 7 
' 7 6 IO»o MSO tanaat I VG FU I Ste.. IM., n . - . n 
*k. panar lai4p/( lei Caval........................... $ 4 7 8 8 
'7 1 GNC V, Tee IVW HaatnOa F U anti avaHwal temper $ 2 9 9 9 

W ith tax rebates now in most homes, it's the perfect time to find a cash buyer for that outdoor furniture you no longer use! 

And it's easy! Just call us today and w e'll put your low-cost ad in print. 

For extra cash, sell thet outdoor furniture . .. now! 

Call 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

>v 

NEW CARS • NEW GMC TRUCKS • NEW EXECUTIVE, EXPLORER 
AND ITASCA MOTOR HOMES • USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS 

73 GRAND PRIX 
*2688 
73 OLDSMOBILE .anger Station Wagon. $o7oo 
Cully hodad, astre good condition . . . JUST., i / v v 
ITS rAYAIIklA Satori Station Wogon, 9- 
/ w VAI A lin A pa..anger, fully loaded, low SOI OO mileage, like now . . /JUST........................ / I OO 
72 GRAND SAFARI EES Wo.1T M,y condition . . . JUST.......................... 
I electro 235, 4-door h i loaded, a bargain at. 
'YO DI Hr I/ electra, 3-door hardtop, 
/ 1 DUlVR loaded. Hkaw now . . . JUST 

 how coom 

73 BUICK ^*C?ra- 
4'4Mr Hardtop, fully fully 

72 L T D ^ ’Somho.fully leaded, driven 
JUST.............. 

*1688 
*2188 
*1788 

* 1 7 8 8 
72 MONTE CARLO In ^clty, driven 'only 1 o 4 o o 
43,ooo mile. . . . JUST.................................... Z 4o o 
72 FIREBIRD 
. #"!r. ‘2588 
72 LEMANS 
...JUST.. 
7o D E L T A ■7~4"r h*H,dto«"-...WY 

Safari Station Wagon, fully leaded, .howroom condition ‘1988 

 loaded) .harpe.t in city . .7 JU ST.*1o88 
*77 I CU AMIC Safari Stotion Wagon, fully (9 4 o o t i U M A N ) leaded. AM/FM .tatoo . . . JUST 
< 4 o o 
73 EL DORADO S& .‘"1S& bta‘k. °" *2988 
74 FORD 
Jot?*: *v"r 'T4m4: 
‘2288 
* 7 4 E A O n Maverick 
Grabber 
Sport 
/ 4 r U K U fully loaded, driven only mite*, thorpe.! In city . . . JUST . . . . 
2888 
74 GRANDVILLE loaded, AM/FhT .toree. fully power window., crui.e control, driven only (« ig o 
5T, OOO mile. . . . JUST............................... 3 4 o o 
74 GRAN TORINO .howroomfully loaded, condition *2 3 8 8 

 hordtop, fully 
.war window., 
75 GRANDVILLE la a d o d , p o w e r w in d o w . power .feeling, tilt wheel, .rube control, $499o power doer loAs. like new . . . JUST.......... 4 /o o 

'V C r A T A I I U A 4 -d oor, fully lo o d e d , A M /fM 
L A I A l i n A .ta roo. crui.e central 
. . . * o 2 8 8 

*75 FI ITI ACL ( 2-doer Hardtop, fully lead- l r W I LA )) J od, driven only 
33,ooo SYBSO mile. . . . JUST.......................... 
*3 YOO 

2-doer 
Hardtop, bucket toot.. 
'7 4 CUTUSS bucket .oat., *4 7 o o driven only 14.ooo mile. . . . JUST................ 4 / o o 

7 4 MONT! CARIO l l 1; 
,45f)8 

7 4 VOLKSWAGEN S S " J n ^ S 
T S 
; „ o * . condition^. AM/FM. Uke now . . . Jut! 
/YOO 
'YA DAPtD V Hlly loaded, AM/FM .terce, 
» " rAvsA A bucket 
Matt, driven only S7CDO 
11,ooo mile. . . . JUST..................................I . 3 )o o 

75 GRAND PRIX 
,H“ n#w *4288 

7 5 TRIUMPH 2 ^ V < ^ m * ^ -:.1SsT. *3488 

75 GRANADA iJ tT ' lu'sf * m4m4\ .Hk# *3488 

7 5 LEMANS ^CrooiT^ditranr . ,lju *f4’ . ‘ 3488 

'7 4 CUTLASS tS S T ’A 
T lS a r iS 
X 
I ferae with S-trock, luggage rock, driven STOOD only 9,ooo mile. . . . JUST ...................... 3 /o o 
17c m g n Cuatom H ton Super Cob, rodio r J (u n i/ and hooter, automatic, pawer $9ooo 
•tearing, power broke. . . . JUST................ JoOO 
*7C CADIb 
Ountp Truck, power .taar- 
° 
K S " r tfs T " 
■ 
* 
T * Y. *3588 

7 6 GMC ^vT R k';n ^y . 'T ^ : . 4:wK#" ‘ 5888 
• 7 A ti MF Sierro Clo. tx VS ten Kickup, radio 
/ O UUIL and heater, power .tearing, pawer 
<s5So- i s r * » s * 
—r -esas 

'7 4 MONTE CARIO S S , U K W .-**? : ju s t............................................................................* 3 2 8 8 
, 7 A fiM F MI«h sk- rr® ’/> ton Kickup, fully 
JUST lo° driven only 9,ooo mite. . . . ( ^ g g 

'7A F U IV fin i IT Cu,Km 
Eke blae 
VV ten 
/O VnE V K U lt I Kickup, radio and heater, power brake*. 3So engine, driven only SOTOS 
31 OOO mile. . . . JUST. .7 .......................... 3 )o o 

7 3 CHEYENNE 
454 angina *'1*1'! *2588 

7 3 CUTLASS 

7 6 GRAND PRIX loaded, like new 
*2788 
*4488 

NEW 76 VENTURA heater, factory air, power .tearing, power brake., economy 
V-» . .. UST MTO*................... SKICIAL 
NEW 76 SUNBIRD trommlt.lon, radio 
*3995 cmd hooter, power .tearing 
S414S 
SKICIAl *3688 

“ YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM GILLESPIE” p 

G 
I 
L 
L 
E 
S 
P 
I 
E 
® 

SPECIAL 
FREI 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

 during the month of March on any new car sold in our inventory. W e have the largest selection in Texas to choose from at SPECIAL SAVINGS on every car. 

“ W e’re The Dealer That Makes The Price Right” 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“ 
The Deafer Th at Tells like It Is” 
28oo BROADWAY ev? niEn g s 
(Across From Brackenridge Park) 

23oo Broadway • 227-1411 
2311 Broadway • 227-141 5 
2411 Broadway • 227-1419 
27&S S.W. Military • 923-4541 
2o14 Goliad Road • 333-672o 
1722 Austin Hwy. • 826-3287 

71 CATALINA 
.‘1o88 
•TC l l I ICT A Alf" ll radio and heater, fee- 
/ ) m U )I ANO ll tory air. AM/fM .toras, $oo o o driven only 14,1X3“ 
75 OLDSMOBILE 

You’ll be amazed at the bargains you find in the Want Ads! 

C o il 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 ads. fully looded, l i l t iharpe.1 in city, driven ce wa a only 39,ooo mile. . . . JUST........................ 4 / 5 6 
7 3 OLDSMOBILE dri?enonly ^S^OOoTniia. *23gg 

76 GRANADA Ohio Sport Coupe, fully looded, driven only I S.OOO mile. . . . JUST. 

(4) 7 3 GRAND PRIXS to choose from . 

(4) 75 GRAND PRIXS to choose from . 

(3) 76 GRAND PRIXS to choose from . 

(4) 76 MONTE CARLOS to choose from . 

*4488 
TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC—GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO 
★ OPEN EVENINGS ★ 736-1 565 

LUXURY CAR SPECIALS 
*74 LINCOLN Q*Vi9* 'ooM::: 
‘4895 i f f aa a r n / i i silver, moonroof, looded 
/ ) mAKR V ... ttsii..................... 
15,ooo milos, 
^ 

, lood 
B 

Yes, Hertz Sells 
Late Model Used 
Cars From Our 
Rental Fleet 
Superstar in 
Sell-a-Car 

Mart* W itt* th. itntf cart hem its rente! nett f- e jells tnt* Oiretlty to vou i i mo»r t»u« 
19o setts locations Throughout tnt nitron 
Wert/ cots look terrific mo come (QUiDPeO 
Kith err conflitiomnfl lute irer-smiSMSn power Metring infl b rills regie. 144.41 I re* in t mer* on most moot is 
Ant ill ctrs come with Hart; LimrttO 
Werr.nty It s good lor IT months cr up to 1? OOO mitts end covers enow*, trensmission drive |h*tt end dift»renti*l 
Ask (or fun detent 

1976 Used cHEvmrs 
‘3195 

MALIBU CLASSICS 
4-Door 
‘4o95 

MONTE CARLOS 
$4395 
CUTLASS 
SUPREME 
‘4595 

CAMAROS 
‘4195 

NOVAS 
‘3495 

LTDs 4-door 
*4395 

M i l l i n g 

FREE 77 LICENSE 
PLATES 

72 MUTO stondord. ox ‘VSO 
71 nmmm 
44,ooo mdot 
*1775 
73 PLYMOUTH Ouster ‘I<5o 
7 2 TOYOTA Corone Mark ll. 
4 door. outomotw, on, 4- cylmdor, 35,ooo imles.................1175 
7 4 MYOOOTH Stomp 
2 door. oulomght. ox, power steering, 
23ooo miles 
175o 
74 HNTOStondord on ‘I I M 

7 4 TOYOTA toko St, radio. outomotK, on, hooter — 
I A U 

7 2 YORO bultong air ‘ I M I 

OWN SUNDAY - ASK 
MANUEL DE LA ROSA 

NOETH CENTRAL FORD 
HOO SAN FEDRO 
341-o433 

*8495 
Z 75 PONTIAC a ' 
Z 76 LINCOLN iT'Stf’*'."*-w ."*: ‘8495 
o -74 LINCOLN T.'ZST’"*. 
‘4995 
• 'TC IIUFF1I kl Mork IV 9°M every option m- 
/ 3 llrl^vin eluding moon roof, 26.ooo miles m x r s r a 
# 6 5 
9 4 9 5 a 
Z 73 MARK IV 
‘5995 o 
o 74 MONTE CARLO “•V,?"o'* •"** >3795 
# 74 MERCURY bm "Tm u*h: 
‘5895 a 
SMALL CAR SPECIALS 
6 a 
'77MONARCH iJT TS' 
!Mo ‘54oo a 75 GRANADA 
*8 4 6 ............ 
# 75 PLYMOUTH ° « T *' 
5 ’76 CAPRI ll S’? 4,s’ 
‘3495 
Z '75 OLDSMOBILE ’""IV ““ ml* ‘2695 o 
o '7S MONARCH SS nm '3895 a 74 MUSTANG SSgo' ^ 
T 
' ' ‘3195 # 
# '76 MG SY' '**“ w“ 
‘3695 • ’ a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 

4 door, oulomatic ond air, silver * o ^ C’ ^ G 

*2895 ^ 

NORTH 

Dependable 
STAR 
Oependable 
GSB9 SPECIALS M 
S 

• Y r A in e Cutlass Supreme 2-door hardtop, 
7 5 O L D ) AUMN Stereo, I froth, automatic, pawer, Mr, vinyl roof, buckets, console, 

 le o n n n r t ow* CT- 7'4* * r 
OB U U U UC automatic, air condifienodA « n o r buckets, #4o9A............................................. IU V 3 

76 PLYMOUTH ia, automatic, pawer, air 1 o 7 o o conditioned, 1,ooo milos, #4o85 A................ . i f V Z 

 t i l r s n n r r Cob GT 2 door hardtop, radio, 4 w e n 
7 3 D O D G E sp e o d , a ir con d itio n ed , # W o o L . . I 7 7 J 

1 7 r r n n r v Custom 5oo station wagon, radio, 
7 3 rU K U automatic, pawer, sir conditioned, , g ( 7 T 
# m 3 o A ...................................................... O b i I 

 ro e n n n r c ^ 
* 4n#f hocdtop, 
/ 4 U U H u e radio, automatic, pawer, air can- dit'onad, # 4 II6 A ......................................... / 7 V 3 

 ly e r A IM I I A F 
7 
^Or^*°R< AM- 
■ 4 C A D ILLA C EM FvM pawer, air condit- c . n y r toned, vinyl reef #195o2............................ A V / 3 

* 7 A r t n n r t Dmrger SE 2 deer hardtep, radio, 
/*» U U U U t automatic, pawer, an condt- s o O AA honed, vinyl roof, #34 JI A .......................... 
* ' 7 T 

*3495 

734 CHEVROLET 

Many Other 
Models and Styles 

S 3 
1331 SOUTH TERMINAL DR. 
826-9665 

IME HENTZ CORONATION 

734 • Cut y min? 
734 CHFVROLET 

71 MALIBU COUPE S1o9o 
IJ H RRQAOW AV i i Malibu 4 door, air uulo Es ceitenl condiliant 831411* after 
I eve OMI 
JO Malibu 3 dr hardtop- aute loaded, deon Slot* 347 Que? 

M A D R U 197* H A R D TO P, 1o,ooo 
M IL E S ONE O W N E R 
SW ING 
O U T 
B U C K E T S . 
C O N S O L E 
S H IP T . B LA C K W IT H W H IT E 
HALF TOP HAS MOST E X P E N 
M V E 
S T E R E O A N O 
T A P E .! 
S A C R IF IC E I S H O * OR B E S T 
O FFER US 1*41 

47 Malibu *47* 
44 Impoia SOSO. 
" r e Kutnl. slond, owner. 4J2 43*o 
'4 * Malibu SS P o rtly restored,i needs work 
P o ten tial Beauty* 
>,ooor gffar 49o 1*74 
I 
7} M A LIB U Station Wagon tu n 
ULLA*? 
M A LIBU Wagon 1*7*. telly load ed W ill a tip finance Coil M r. 
G orio 4JJ 1444 
_____ - 
76 Malibu Wogan f passenger, tooded. 13.OM nu. Like new **o7*. 
4*4 443o 
______ _ 
73 M ONTE CARLO 
Loodro all, 341 3*33 
I t Monte Carlo, block, while Ion dau lop, low m iie a q e . looded 
SUDO ie 13Jet 
I t M O N TE CARLO SS, 4*4 V t, auto loaded Bucket seats *1o*o 
H I* BROADWAY 
33Msee 
74 Monte Carlo Landau Eecel ivnt condition **49* o3oUS S after 
7 4*4 OMI 
' 

7 3 MONTE CARLO S277o 
Like new None nite r* t l t i t i f 
I i M ONTE Coria, like new Must sell Will help finance. Call Man 
U»l 4)3-1464 
________________ 
73 
M o n te 
C a rla 
L o a d e d 
34) 431A. Offer 4 349 94>»_______ 
71 Monte Corlo Landau. Tap#, and a ll p o w er 
M u st s a il im -j m ediately! Fair condition S33f* 
Coll Pan Yarborough 333 8411 
1974 M O N TE CARLO L A N O /U 
Ektrg clean*» 836-9*4*. 69* 8o*4 
I 
71 M onte C a rlo L an d au a ir, powar steerin g b ra k e s vin yl roof, new tires, *18oo best offer f *4 H ut_________________________ 
74 M ONTE CARLO LANOAU 
S34oo 433 o379 
MUST SELL! 7* Monte Assume paym ents or pay aff b alan ce 
After e 
M i te** 
NO EQ U ITY 
73 CAMARO 
___ 
It Neva Coupe 4 (VI hoar shift loaded new tiros 19*8, H a n k, 
33/ *38* 334 P a Vie______________ l l NOVA Coupe VA Qutomatic, air, power sletnnp. good condi­ tion, SUF* 
U t* BROADWAY_______ 333 1**9 
*9 N O V A 4 d r, V I, a ir , low m ile a a * 
Looks- runs G re a t! 
S IU * i l l t i t / I I I SIFI 
73 NOVA HATCHBACK V I. OU lomatic, pawer Clean) I Easy t»n- ancad 
Must set! 
M r 
Benneh 
333-898*________________________ 
Pi ACS ro u e WANI AD in in i le v e l** N Iw * 
CAU 33* 1464 

1974 Novo Halcnbock Only I SOO m i , still under w a rra n ty 
A ir power, autom atic Equity si OOO take over payments Call *34-9474 arter s u>■ d weekends_________ 
•7* Nova SS, low m ileage, must sell Coll offer tem 484 3*3) 
Toke over payments an 74 C h aw 
Nova No tautly. Call 8347184 ask tor Dennis After 8 cell 4*6 *321 
74 VEGA coup*, aula., air. Nice cor *149* *33-4334______________ 
74 VEGA 3 door, automatic, air. solid!* Assume paym ents, and small balance 
M r. 
Bennett m j * a 
I 
■ 
I i Vega Esculent condition, new rad mis o8*8 *33 1484___________ 
74 VEGA GT. *1388 
M ark 341*811 
I 
*4 Vega GT WAeon Auto , stereo i 
•opedeck, eetra clean 
Bl ASG I 
*33 3378_________________________ • it/3 Vega Hatchback GT. o icel i lent cong bsU 
73 VEGA Hatchback. 48,8oo mi a ufo *188o U t IOU l l V*«o Hetchoeck 
E ic tlla n t 
Asgd siooe aw * esp **77 ___ 
VEGA 74 HATCHBACK 
4 speed. Radio 
. . . . — 
. . i t * * * 
TOM BENSON IM PORTS 
* 48o SAN PEDR O 
IAI ISSA 
74 VEGA K A M BA CK, ANSA. Air, e.ceiient cand, 17,888 mi. It * * * . 
424 3488 
' 
*73 V e ta . ♦ * , SOO m ile *, ra d io . 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 Son Pedro 
3 4 1 -2 2 5 7 

 ic INSTANT CASH * 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS AN D TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 
USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
94oo SAN PEDRO 

FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATE. 

73 
HONDA 
Cr VK 

 standard 

J 
* 995 
• l i / s 
4 door, 
* 1 9 7 $ 

734 CttVWLn 

735 CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MO I ORS INC 
CHRYSLERS 
PLYM O U TH S 
DODGE and GMC PICKUPS 
111 Ne M oms B eam * 34* 1**4 m i n i __ 
7* CHRYSLER CORDOBA 
Law mileage am ini s ta rt* 
6*3-429* eves, weekends 
73 CH RYSLER, law mileage t i 
I ‘ "k'’ 1 <t>i d SIO**. ^*o-991* 
I I C H RYSLER NEW PO RT Cue lorn I door Pow ar, stereo As su m * p a y m e n ts , and *3881 ethane* 
Cell 
M r 
Bennett 
222-8*84 

‘7* Cordoba, power. air. cruise, I 
*48*8 911 3426 *32 1181___________ 

7 5 C O R D O B A 
Power, air, auto 
Nice 
*399* 
3*4*717 
I 
74 CORDOBA You nom * til ll s 
•a t I t l l Assume paym ents and botonee Cell G U ER R A 222 8986 
T I CORDOVA, silver with blue velour intel tor very clean, low rn Bagge 6*7-1464 • 
JACK R E IG E R 
CHRYSLER PL Y M O U TH 
^ l i * ! L £ £ S * o 
, 
M M U i 
I t N E W P O R T sedan. 4 d e e r, 
43.8o8 carafuii miles U M * air, on 
Dower, M4 44I2 ________________ 
I i NEW Y O R K E R B rou ahom , super loaded 
In clu d es pow ar sun ro of, in w a r ra n ty * 7 * 9 * 
4*3 83*8 eves, weekends_________ t i loo sport Caup* whit* black 

42 CH RYSLER NEW YO RKER 
♦4 I-Io U ungr * weekends 
_ t i CHRYSLER Newport 4 door w eal lpm condition it-."- 341-4778 
CHRYSLER P LYM O U TH CITY 
/OOO NW LOOP 4io al C alibre 
684 4418 
71 
C H R Y S L E R * 
S T A T IO N 
WAGON M UST SELL 111 1343 
78 CHRYSLER Town A Country wogon goad transportation t i l * 
J4t-|9 7|____ __ _________________ 

 r n i m 

72 CH ALLEN GER , Vary Clean! sue* OII *3** oHer 7 4*6 838) 
T I Chalienaer, power s lta n n g . b rake s, a ll a c c a s s a ria * w o w liras 
E x ira clean. 
Must sell! 
114*9**_________________________ l l Charger, excellent condition 
4*48311 ar 8 3 4 1 *8 )_____________ 
4* Charger Goad condition I* * ) 
Coll 3*3 3)91____________________ 

” 7 2 CHARGER SE 
Ail power, FM stereo Air 
New lir a s 1244**4 
_________ 
74 Coll Woeon, ouie^ oir, 21 24 m pg , *249* Ask tar M r 
C a r- noun *S2 1*97, 814 191* 494 J l)3 

*9 DODGE Charger, new paint, tiros 448 4 speed, *>*o 4*8*18* 
7 1 D t d f * Colt Coup* root gas savo r 4 c y l, 18 M P G * 1 } * * 
931)8*4, OH 3)3 4818 ox! 37* 
7 * Dodo* Coronet sport model. I ell extras, low m ile a a *, perfect condition CON 344-78*)_______ _ 
41 DODGE C o ra n *) Bv awner 
Runnino condition, auto, floor shift, 318 cu in . air shocks *388 ar B4St otter flit 7 tn Ext i t ) 
+ 
*4 Dodo* Coronet et Ford Fast back l l * 494 69)1, 494 3144 

7 ) D ed te Coronel Custom 
318 
VB, PoW 4r.4dr Sedan Vinyl roof, air. excellent mechanical cand 
6*8 9873 
| 
4* Dada* 4 cyl., standard, Bood cand 734 8*18; 336-3)8o j et G o d ** D a rt « doer. 
4 Stan , do nj sen, bast a*tar. * * * * ! * * 
-73 O ode* D a rt, 4, facto ry a ir, power U terine, l l - 1 SO MS 11*1 ie73 Dodo* Monaco 4 door hard lop Loaded Cruise control, 48,888 milos S II** * * * 4*8) 
_ i i DODGE Potato" * doer. power, j 
OMN. SD M 341)313 
'Al Potato. I dr hardtop, black vinyl lop, silver bottom btu* in tenor, 318 VS. a u to , air, pawer s te a rin * and b ra k e s , ra d io . 
.1481. ail 1-4)8 71*3 attar * 

74 5UIAIU 
.............. 
73 
OOOOt 
Moro eutematK, ox, AM FR 
74 TW Dasher 4 sp*M 
AM FR 
............ 
* 2 4 9 5 
73 GUN I OKINO 4 doer eutematK, air. power steering vin vt tea, 
TOOOt) mites 
* 2 7 » 5 
75 GIANO f i l l at power end aa. 
AM FM ................ , 
* 4 7 7 5 

75 MONK (AUO 15 ooo mites, automa**, aw, power steering brakes AM (opt 
* 4 5 i 5 

75 LTD 2 door, landau, automat* air, power steering power brakes vinyl lop. AM FM, power windows 
*4 2 6 5 
78 IOHNO 2 door. 13 ooo milos 
Slonhv ond HuKh tm 
* 4 9 5 o 
74 (DULAI l l 7. ouiomotK, on powtr stooling, brokes, 
AM FM 
‘4 9 5 o 

O M N S U N D A Y 
NORTH CfNTRAL FORD 
9 8 o o I A N M D It O 
5 4 1 - 5 5 7 1 t X T 3 o o 

H E R T Z 

QUALITY USED CARS 

FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 

7 6 H 
L 
*4 3 9 5 

7 5 “ 
J E 5 
‘2595 

7 6 THUNDERBIRDS 

'76 IMPALAS 
Station Wagons . . ‘4795 

7 6 MONTE CARLOS 
................................. 
‘4 3 9 5 

7 6 MONARCHS 
♦-door................. 39? 

'76 NOVA’S 
4-door .. 

12 month/12.ooC nut* (which eve. occurs first), power train warranty Ask 

 for details Coll 

8 2 6 - O G A S 
HERTZ SERVICE C IN T I! 
H 

1331 SO. 
TERMINAL DR. 

CUT OR 41o 

Al Ailf-OI* MVO | 

737 FORD 

49 FO R D G o la x lt *oo. to o ir, bower stearin*, new tires, good fond HIO 4*3 21*4 eves 

7 4 FORD GALLIE io o 
COUPE White, white vinyl taal 
Automaiir. air, power steonng, brokes ...............................*2989 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
I 
19o1 S.W M ilitary 911-6)17 

7 2 FORD GALAM 'SOO7 
2 dear COUPE 
Autom atic, air, po w er s te a r in * . B ra k e s 
AM radio Li*ht btu* 
........................*1*89 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
1981 S W M ilitary 933 63)1 
•71 F o rd C o lo n ie SO*' 4 door, aawar steering brakes Automa- he, air 4M V * $137* 4*3 4418 
I '71 Ford G olane SBO Needs some wark interior aortae! Sell c h ia o ' 
414-8188 
_______________ 

■COELIN 
SALE! 
12-12 MscHonical Insuranc* Covarog* Ayoilobi* 
MOTOR INSURANCE CORPORATION 

'7 6 BUICK X n'S l i T 
‘695o 

7 6 CHRYSLER L d t ' ^ r ^ 
‘ 5795 

7 5 OLDS S S S it it r J S w * 
‘435o 
’74 OLDSMOBILE 98 
^ 
S S ;, full power, 
JO OOO mitef 
................................... 4 2 5 o 

'75 BUICK S r iZ J T ’ ’" " ‘415o 
-74 OLDSMOBILE i t beige ........................................................................ J 4 3 U i e . D llir ir 
2 door, blue ond white, j« . 
/ 4 BUICR power windows ond seqts, stereo 
3 I DU 

-73 DODGE 
‘ ‘285o 

-71 BUICK S 
‘25oo 

’ 7 2 filii/* !/ L*Sebre, 4 door, btu* ond white. 
/ J D U H R pc aer ond ok, eiecinc seal, low 8 2 / 7 5 

 burgundy, 822 /5 
1 7 A r s n r i Mon to lu«us, 
2 
/ 6 v r l l automatic one att 

-72 MERCURY 
’“ 
‘ 195o 

1 7 A o 1 1 1 /1 / 
Midcat, 4 door hordtop, (peen A 
A C A 
/ V O U I V IV bleck, power A ok power windows 
I G J V # 
•69 dodge i r u r j K r 
*1275 
7o Used Cars to Choose From 

B 
U 
I C 
K 
C 
O 

1974 FORD G ranada 9.9oo miles, oir conditioned, am -fm . power steering power brakes, standard tran sm ission S4IOo l l * * f 17 M l l FORD Gran Torino 8bort aa to air. power, 48.8o6 mi Consider trode AAI 4*11, 4*4 S7*4 * y f s _ 
71 FO RD LTO B rougham (ow m ile a g e , e x c a lle n l fi .to le 
HS *7o1 ext 33* 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILAB LE 
Take up payments with qualified credit Applications accepted Bv phone No application refused 
MR 
EARL______________137 M I* 

BIG COUNTRY (ORD 
San Antonio_______ Cell 
337 886o 

71 COUNTRY SQUIRE WAGON 
E x ira stats 
Fu ll power 
V e ry deon You need? Than I need tao 
CaM Ran 233 8*84________________ 
*71 2 Door hardtop Ford G a lo n * 
*88, food shop*. 81.49* Call Jim, a i r 
1*41 FALCON U IS 
CALL *3) 1672 

 heeler I 
'49 Rood R unner 
E ngine fully 

 i i — i i i - * ? 

7 3 M o R !)___________ 

Classic ‘76 T Bird. 4 door, loaded, excellent condition, AM FM ster­ eo, overhauled engine, I aw ner. 
St OOO F IR M 114 33*4 oilier * pm 

'49 Faicpn Wagon good shed* se *o?9f? 1 )36 3117______________ 
47 FASTBACK Mustang 4 speed 
349 eneine SIO** 6 *6 lit OO 
7* FO R D C O U N T R Y S E D A N 
Stollen Woden. A M -F M sterna i n t l 341-142*__________________ 
74 Ford Elite Air, pdwer, Landau vinyl lop 
Silver ond burgundy. 
AM iodin *47o8 237 *4*3 Otter 4 
PJM_____ 
* 

^ '76 FORD LTD 
^ 
Station Wogon 

Fewer, ah lendiheemg luggage lack 
O n * o w n e r . 
‘4 6 2 5 
Coll JqbI Murray 
824-7311 Days 
349-1962 E v B n irtg s ^ j 

'7* Ford Elite Perfect cond,lion 
AM FM. new tires Speed central 
49o 1**4 after s w kdav*. anytime wNende. 
44 Ford Falcon F u tu re Spans 
C o u p * l l * V I, b u c ket seals, p o w er, a ir 
V e ry c le a n - 
494 264)oHor i s m _____________ l l FO R D G o to .ie 4*oo « dear, looded ta k e up p a y m e n t*, no faulty. Ernie e ll 3871 

I 

IIII 

I 
III 
I 

7o Ford LTO Brougham. V-8, eu- loamtic. power, factory air Vary taw mileage Exceptior>ally clean l l license t i t * * 
Will trode 
*23-381) 

F Or d L T D~B r eg anam "" I * 7 o 
I door power steertna, brakes Air, 
3*1, V I, vinyl reef, radio One awner, really nice, ee lie r than average A * aa* eel 27* I agon ta * 
74 FO R D L T D , 3 door W hite. 
1 UOQQU real, se JOO 349 24#I 

 f o r d t*7 * l t d , 4 d ea r, vinyl roof, e xc ellen t *3 *9 * 
341 B t l) eves weekends 
___________ 
Ford ‘71 LTD 3 dr hardtop ex c ed en t cond 
I o w n e r. *2 4 9 * 
Days 
4*1-13oo. ask for P e a ty 
A Wet 4 694 I H I , 499 oo46 
14,ooo m i . u t tots 
I t Ford LTD Landau loaded 
E . i r e d e a n offer *■ 4*4 3*43 
197o Ford LTO Oration wagon, leaded, complete A11 AO 494 o771 
I 
'7 1 F ord L T D V-8. au to m atic , pawer, factory air, AM FM alerta lope, e x c e p tio n a lly clean l l license * )) * ) Will trade 93) 2*8* 
923-3883 
, 
1*74 Ford M averick 28 MPG CB radio, m a c k *1 7 **1 7 7 1 3 **3 
*J FOR D MUST ANG V I ~ 
STANDARD >4*o *11*83* 
41 
FORD, 
4 
344 373* standard 
*14*. 

MARCH SPECIAL 

’75 CADILLAC S#4on Deville. 21,ooo miles 

7 5 CADILLAC Coup* Deville, 33 OOO mdes 

’74 PONTIAC £ £ 
'“""3 2 9 5 

'74 OLDSMOBILE 
*3295 

7 3 OLDSMOBILE ^ 
* " ‘ 2295 

•73 PONTIAC 4 door. OK londiligned poetr 
' 1995 

72 CHEVROLET 5 £ ° (oU,K - n,n" 5Md M 995 

72 CHEVROLET Molibu Muidiop an cendittoned 

72 CHEVROLET (apr1 
7 2 PONTIAC 

/ 4 f ORD terwhero fnkup 

73 CHEVROLET 1.1- o, . ^ 

71 CHEVROLET 

7 2 BUICK 2 2 c _ 

7 2 BUICK fleetra 2 door Hardtop 

71 CHEVROLET Impala, en conditioned power 

72 COMET 4 doer ok conditioned pewir 

71 FORD LTO Nardtop, ok conditioned pow*- 

7 2 GMC Pakup 

7 1 OLDSMOBILE 88 4 dour Hardtop ... 
SOUTHSIDE MOTORS 

2 8 o 3 S .W . M i l i t a r y 
923-5955 

‘1995 

 si*, ok conditioned, pew*! ‘1995 

 err conditioned 11 

*2195 
‘1995 
M895 
*1895 
*1795 
‘1795 
‘1795 
‘1795 
‘1795 
‘1595 

 hardtop, OK con 

7* FORD T BIRD 
I doer hardtop, V I, cruise cpnlra, am tm stereo rap *, moon real. alum inum w heels, pow er dear locks, air, clim a!* control, pawer iteeirng. brakes, seals, windows. 
Grey vinyl root, prey luxury in ten o r, carpeting fully tooted lf OOO mi exc ellen t condition 
493 17*2 124 IAH_______________ l l FORD Torino I dr 4o,1 
*179* 923 3434, t i l 3311 mi 

737 FORD 
737 FURO 

Ford T on ne 
*9/8 
VS 1*2, eld 
After * i l l m o 
4* F U R O KL Coupe, le a d e d 
Runs goods*** )3 )-ll*2 

 i i FORD Wagon goad condition sew trade. 342 3o*3 
47 FORD XL Coupe, leaks, runs goad le t* 732 3824 , 
78 ?ORD W eton cadie Meiler to e d ira n s a e i tai.on financin g i BvtilBBf* 84** 114 441# 

 t i Gatoxie power steering air, new tires, 
398 
V I, ex cond, 
342 IM * 

738-743 - AUTDMOBIltS 
73o 743 ASTOMOB11ES 

'74 BUICK 
Century 2-dr hordtop, outomotic, air, power, double-checked #*6742* Was 
S3495 Now ............................................................ *3195 
’ A M m l i t Cud®* 
2-door hardtop, outomotic, cir, . . . 
OO ULU) po»w, bucket soots, extra sharp....................*1595 
74 THUNDERBIRD low miles, extra clean, loaded *5295 
’74 CHEVROLET 
’76 BUICK **9°* coupe, good color, combination, air,. 
^ automatic, power, shorp............................ * 4 9 9 5 
Hiviero, automatic, air, power, Buicks finest soort cor, #6675* ...................... 
3695 
, 7 r ms a r y ten,ury lu*us hardtop, coupe, outomotic, 
/ J dU IvIv air, powei, thoroughly reconditioned 
#*2619* 
3995 
7 5 MAVERICK' 
*2895 

’7o MERCURY Mor9uls 4door- ><>od«d. 4o ooo miles, extra sharp, see to appreciate .. 1895 

’73 BUICK 

Skyhook, V-6, automatic, air, special radio, 
1,8oo miles, bargain priced. 
Malibu Club coupe, automatic, air, power, original throughout. 
*4395 

7 7 BUICK 
’76 CHEVROLET 

•TC r * ( \ | | | ir toupe De Vilfe, o real nice cor, fully, 
V A U IIL A V . thoroughly double checked 6995 

SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK 

73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 

733 - LINCOLN 

75 ARROW ll, Kko m w 
'73 ARROW ll, air 
75 AZTK, 27o hrs. IT 
’69 ATTIC, 4oo Hrs. eng. 
'66 M T K Turbo 
7o CHBtOKtf 235 
'69 CHEROKEE 235, dual radios 
75 SURER CUI, IOO Hrs. n 
75 CHEROKEE 149, like now 
74 CHEROKEE 14o, dom air 
74 NAVAJO, Chi# hon 
65 CESSNA 31o J, radar 
* ★Will trode for Anything 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

’75 LINCOLN 
CONTINENTAL 
TOW N CAR 

F u lly • q u ip p e d . H a s o n ly 
2 2 ,o o o m ile s. 
$ 6 9 7 5 
— o w n e r w ill fin a n c e . 

CoW J— 
I M u r r a y 

8 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 D a y s 
3 4 9 - 1 9 6 2 E va n in q s 

YOU'LL FIND IT HERE! 

*5139 

77 FMY 

2-DOOR HARDTOP 

V8, automatic, 

 air conditioned, 

 power steering 

 and brakes, #7153 ll GRAND FURY 
4-DOOR SEDAN 
Autom atic, air c o n d it io n e d , power steering a n d b r a k e s , automatic speed control, 
#7115. 

T V . H O U * 
Thot 

* 4 8 3 9 

JA C K RIEGER 

C H R Y S L I M - P L Y M O U T H 

58oo SAN PEDRO 

732-8211 

•71 L IN C O L N 4 door, bv ow ner 
Loaded, blue white leather Inter 
(or. This ca r In re al eood cond!- tlon. SI6oo 826-488o day or night. 
■72 L I N C O L N 4 -d oor. L o a e d '! 
S te re o , le a t h e r . 
T o k e up p a y m e n ts . A n d a s s u m e s m a ll balance Call: M r. Levine 222-o986 

•73 D e lta R o y a le S e d a n . B v owner, extra clean, A M -F M ster- eo. $245o. Wfcdoys 8-5: 494 7671. 
•75 D elta 88. R oyale 4-dr. Sedan. 
5325o. C oll: 333-3o72. 
‘6* H U R S T O LD S , power, air, low m ileage. 494-2193 
•65 O lds 442. 4 bbl., 4-spd., Posi- tro c k , A M - F M d u a d , a ir , ru n s perfect. 56oo 732-33o9. 
O L D S 442 ‘ 7o. C le a n , lo a d e d , 
45,ooo m i. 828-6688, 253 S eford. 
After 6pm 
*75 O L D S C u tlass. 2 dr., loaded. 
Lik e 
New, 
18,ooo m iles. 
C all 
341-3485. 
•76 O L D S C U T L A S S S u p re m e , toke up paym ents. 924-5626 
1973 O lds C u tla ss S u p re m e one owner. 826-9565. 695-8o56 
O lds *72 C u tla ss S u p re m e h a rd ­ top. M aybe nicest in S.A. S a crifice 
$2195 494-5o87 
•71 O LD S C U T L A S S S U P R E M E , a u to m a tic, p o w e r s te e rin g and brakes, factory air, bucket seats. 
A M -F M stereo w ith tape. M ust see to appreciate. 828-45o7.__________ 
•71 O L D S D e lta 88. 44,ooo nu clean 
1-owner, 
2-tone. 
518oo. 
655-7149 
•72 O LD S D elta 88 station wagon, loaded. 51595. 923-6336 
•72 O LD S F u lly equipped, 6o,ooo ml. $1775. 922-3426; 922-2281 

748 • TRUCKS & COMMERCIA! 746 • TRUCKS ft COMMERCIA! 

TRAILERS BUSES 

-E x p r e s s - N e w s — Friday, M arch 4 , 1 9 7 7 

784 TIRES 
754 
754-TIRES PARTSACCESSSRIES 

•72 Olds. F u lly loaded, exce lle n t cond. $1ooo. 337-7542. ofter 5. 
•64 O LD S Jetstar I. m e ch an ically perfect, 
$325. or best ofter. 
344-2213 
•68 O ld s 98, lu x u r y se d a n . B y owner. Pe rfe ct condition. $1,25o. 
828-7274. 
*69 O L D S 98 L u x u ry Sedan, a ll pow er, e x ce lle n t m e c h a n ic a lly , 
$595. or best otter. 344 2213 

•71 Lincoln 2 dr. B lo ck Int., good tires, 51495, With CB 734-9984 
‘74 L IN C O LN M a rk IV, a ll lu x u r­ ious appointm ents, excellent con- dition, owner 534-8873___________ 
•71 L IN C O L N M A R K III, good condition. Loaded. M ust sell now! 
532oo. 824-8731. 
•73 L in c o ln T ow n C o u p e . M in t cond. 5o,ooo ml. $39oo. 341-2468 
1977 L IN C O LN TO W N C A R 
E x e cu tiv e D e m o n stra to r, n e ve r titled, new w arran ty W on't last. 
Don SUPP, 341-5571______________ 

74 Olds Om ega 6 cylin d e r, stan­ d a rd tra n s m is s io n , p o w e r, fa c ­ to ry a ir, A M -F M ra d io , e x c e p ­ tio n a lly d e a n . '77 lice n se S249S 
W ill trade 923-2883 

MARK III 
Im m a c u la te c o n d itio n . $265o. 
655-o647 atter 6 p.m. 
-71 M A R K III, Real nice, loaded, must sell now! D esperate. $29oo 
824-8731 
*74 M A R K tv, excellent condition, 
653-o286. Atter 6PM . 
M A R K IV, 1972, fu lly equipped, excellent cond. $3995. 344-7122. 
•74 M A R K IV , g ood c o n d itio n . 
558oo 654-6o24 658 2149 
•73 M A R K IV, loaded, solid black 
White leather in terior, 341-8124 
•73 M ark IV, white. 42,ooo mi. New m lchelins, $52oo; *7o Continental 
St75o, perfect cond 344-3oo1 
M ust sell '76 M ark IV, by owner, very clean, w ill accept used co r In trode. 227-5395 or 69o-o252 

739 MERCURY 

LOW 
MILEAGE 
\ R E N T - A - C A R 

FIFTY 1976-’77 

SUB COMPACTS CMO MID-SIZE and 

SEDANS W ill BE SOLD THIS WEEKEND AT 

NEAR WHOLESALE PRICES!! 

I AR (on Except Sub Compacts Hove POWER STEERING AND POWER ASSIST 

I BRAKES. AU HAVE AIR ANO MANY HAVE AM FM STEREO 

 o r a l FOR INSPECTION SUNDAY— OLLI 341-8211 

8727 AIRPORT BLVD. 
I block sou th of Lo o p 4 1 o 

72 Comet. Auto, air, power steer­ ing, FM - stereo 8-track. 51ooo. 
824-13o8_________________________ 
76 C O M E T 2 door, loaded. Take up paym ents, no equity, E rn ie 
681 3871 
______ 
C O M E T 73-4DOOR 
L O A D E D !! .......................... 52495 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SAN P E D R O _______ 341-1356 
*66 C O U G A R , auto, air, excellent cond. B y owner. 534-8873 
75 C o u g a r. F u ll p o w e r. 51ooo equity, take up paym ents. 
349-9524. 
________ 
____ 
•72 C O U G A R , loaded 
E x tra nice, 341-3933 
'69 C o u g a r, p o w e r w in d o w s , power steering, and b rakes. A ir, red w ith b lo c k v in y l roo f. F M stereo See to appreciate! 224-6956 
73 C ougar. V8, auto . power, v in y l top, r a d ia ls . V e ry g o od c o n d . 
$225o. 824-9846.__________________ 
‘67 C O U G A R X R 7 C la ssic 
C o ll Don SUPP, 341-5571 
*7o C ou g ar XR-7. 351 C le ve la n d , power steering, b ra ke s. A ir, a u ­ tom atic, $975. 342-7o91 
77 C ougar XR 7. Loaded. B alan ce 
$6441. A ssu m e p a ym e n ts. C a ll: 
G uerra, 222-o986 
76 C ougar XR-7. S ilve r, pow er, air, 12.ooo m i $52oo 12o-8o71 
76 Cougar XR7. Tape. W indows, seats. Tem p a ir L o a d e d 1 13,ooo m ile s $579$ C a ll: D on Y a rb o r- ough 222-o611 

O LD S '98' L U X U R Y SDN. B E A U ­ 
T I F U L C L E A N C O N D I T I O N 
E V E R Y O P T IO N . 65,ooo O N E 
O W N ER M IL E S . N E A R L Y N E W 
R A D I A L S . S A C R I F I C E $26oo 
CASH . 435-1641__________________ 
73 O L O S M C B I L E W a g on , f u ll pow er. M u st S e ll! W ill fin a n ce . 
Coll Woody 433-1464. 
67 O ld sm o b ile 4-door h o rd to p . 
Loaded. $485 best offer 656-tOOQ 

75 O LD S O M E G A H A T C H B A C K , a ir, pow er, a u to m a tic. A ssu m e paym ents, and sm all balance. M r 
Bennett 222-o986 
_____ 

'76 OLDS Storfire GT 
Auto, a ir, power steering, am -fm w hitew all steel ra d ia ls, low , low mi. $5oo under book p rice . C a ll 
B ill Johnson, 225-3o7o 

‘69 O L D S T o ron ad o , 455 vs, a ll power equipped, v in y l root, new tire s , c a rb u re to r, good o v e ra ll condition. S79S. or best otter. 
654-127o 
____ 
•7o O ld s '8 8 ' V -8, a u t o m a t ic , power, factory air, excellen t con­ dition 77 license $995 W ill trade 
923 2883 
'7o O lds V-8, au to m a tic, pow er, factory a ir, excellent condition 77 licence $995 W ill trode 923-2883 

A STEAL AT: * 3 9 9 8 

# 8 3 2 6 
1977 NEW DODGE 
DI OO PICK-UP 

★ H eavy D uty Clutch ★ 2 2 5 C u b ic in. 6 
C ylin d e r Engine, ★ H ea vy D uty R ad iator, an d C o o ling System ★ A ll D irect R eading 
G a u g e s, ★ (5) H 7 8 -1 5 4 Ply. B lackw a ll 
Tires, # 6 1 o o G V W Pkg. ★ (Uses R eg­ ular G as) ★ Pow er Brakes, ★ Electronic 
Ignition System , ★ Excellent V e h icle fo r 
Com m ercial and Personal Use. 

NORTH STAR D O D G E 
TRUCK CENTER 
7 2 4 2 S A N P ED R O 3 4 1 . 2 2 5 1 

Mr. Goodwrench Specials 

Oil Change & Lubrication Specials 

• Includes 5 qts. engine oil & install new A/C oil filter. 

• Lubricate chassis including hood, trunk & door latches and hinges. 

• Check other 
J 
2 7 fluid levels. 
9 
Complete 

S p e c i a l s g o o d t h r o u g h M a r c h I 5 

 o n G M c a rs & tru c k s o n ly 
TINDALL & SON 
PONTIAC-GMC, inc. 
3915 SAN PEDRO 

Keep that Great GM Feeling with Genuine GM Parts 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

742-PONTIAC 

•69 Pontiac LeM ans. Good cond., auto., oir, VB. 342-o631.__________ 
7 2 P O N T IA C L u x u ry L# M an s, loaded, take up paym ents, 
924 6671 
•68 P o n tia c T em pest fro n t end, windshield, etc. 7o thru ;72 N ovo 
G rilles, (new In box.) reasonable. 
736-539o 
_______________ 
•75 P O N T I A C W A G O N , C lr , power, rack, excellent 2o,ooo m i 
$47oo 656-6651 

71 Olds 88 V-8, autom atic, power, fa cto ry a ir, exce lle n t con d ition ! 
77 license 
S1395 
W ill trode 
923-2883 
•75 O LD S W AG O N 
Toke up paym ents, coll 924-5626 
74 R E G E N C Y 98, hardtop, toad ed, excellent condition. By owner, 
542oo. 
333-771o mtes. 
824-6776; 
661-2849 
Take over paym ents on B73 Cut­ lass. No equity. C a ll: 824-76o6 ask for Dennis. After 8: C all: 656-4321 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 

AVAILABLE 
BANK R A T E FINANCING 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

92o BROADWAY 

2275o41 

 r ^ 
T T o R 
D 
™ 
™ 
! 
I 

VI -ton (ob I Chemis standard, 
H power steering, 
VS 

| K T X 
’3195 § 
I 

 l f 7 5 F O R D 
* 
'/l ion, long, wide bed, 
4 

| B S ! 
*3o95 | 
■ 
ALAMO SPORTS CARS 
■ 
3111 M O ASWAY 
828-SSI! 

T A K E O V E R P A Y M E N T S , ‘ 72 
O ldsm obile Cuttoss, coll 924-5626. 

T R A D E even 71 P o n tia c G T O , has 54,ooo o rig in a l mi. I Owner, tor 71 thru 73 C hevy or F o rd van, 
9o6 B ritto n A ve. 922-4441, o ffe r 
3Pm w eekdays, all day weekends. 
74 TORONADO Loaded 
Special P ric e $295o 
Bill Treadwell Used Cars 
9o1 B R O A D W A Y 
224-971o 
71 T O R O N A D O , lo a de d E x c e l­ lent m echanically, $14oo 349-2963 

■76 T R A N S A M , 4-speed, 
Before 3 p.m. 432-5532 
7 4 V e n tu ra . 3-spd. s tic k , new tires, A M F M , clean. 222-1323 or 
434-1532. 

1976 ••T” T O P O ld s C u tla ss S u ­ prem e 
Brougham . 
826-9565. 
695-8o56_________________________ 

7 4 1 -PLYMOUTH 

743 MISCELLANEUUS AUTOS 

■69 R IV IE R A , loaded ......... 5875 
'69 C H A R G E R , loaded ....... 575o 
'65 D O D G E 4-dr........................ $495 
'64 C H E V Y ' jton stake bed . 575o 
C oll: 923-831o 
*67 B a r r a c u d a 318, a ir , a u to . 
Pow er. E xcellen t condition $75o. 
824-9259 
*66 B a rra cu d a M e ch a n ica lly ex- c el lent. $75o firm 341-6o71________ 

TRADEW INDS Auto Sales 
•WE FINANCE# 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922-27o3 

7o D U S T E R 6 cyl., std Excellent. 
$1o5o 333-6216 

W E B U Y S E L L 
U S E D C A R S A N D T R U C K S 
KIN NEY MOTORS 
197$ O uster, 25,ooo m l. Loaded. 

74 G old O uster 6 c y lin d e r, fu lly 
744 - CUSTUMI2EU CARS, SPEEU e q u ip p ed W ill fin a n c e o r ta ke trode 224-6956__________________ 
RACING MRS 

SPECIAL 
FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

 during the month of M arch on any new car sold in our Inventory. W e have tho largest selection in Texas to choose from at special savings on e v e ry car. 

“ W e 'r e Th e B e e fe r T h a t M a k e * T h e P ric e R ig h t ” 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“ The Deafer That Tails It Like It Is " 

28oo B R O 
A D 
W 
A Y 
E V E N I N G S 
(A cre s* fo rm B r a c k e n r id g e P a rk ) 

737 FURO 

'67 G a la x y 5oo E x c e p tio n a lly clean, air, auto , 344-1316._______ 
7 3 G a lo x y 5oo E x c e lle n t cond., looped S ifts . 651-6617. 
-69 G alaxy 5oo Needs some m otor w ark $27o. 634-oo19 
•75 G ran ad a 
Can atter 9 366-7465 
74 G R A N A D A . 4~door. ★ cylinder, autom atic, air. w ill help finance. 
CPW Woody 433-1464. __________ 
75 G ranada, lo a d o d ' V I. G ood 
COtMlWtqn $31oo-824-4o34 
7 4 G R A N O T O R IN O B R O U G H ­ 
A M 7-door P o w e r, a ir , e x tr a c le a n ) I A ssu m e p a ym e n ts ans sm all balance 
M r 
Bennett 
I U o966_________________________ 
72 G ra n d T o rin o . 2 d r V -t, a ir autom atic, $125o 659 1o43_______ 

74 G R A N T O R I N O W a g o n 
T a ke over p aym en ts, no equity coll Credit M onoger, 349-6948 
7$ L T D B ro u gh am 1-door hard tog. loadod, take up paym ents, no equity E m it SBI 3871___________ 
7 6 L T O B ro u g h a m . L ik e new. 
13.ooo mi., loaded. A M -F M stereo, c r u is e c o n t r o l. L is t : 
$72oo, 
H K rifle# Bt $4.ooo 341 o3o5 
7 4 L T D C o u n try S q u irt Wogon 
Loaded, new ru b b er E x c e lle n t 
S35oC I 512 997 5767 ____________ 
‘ 75 L T D 2 -d o o r, lo w m ilo s . 
S h a r p ! ' 
S a c r if ic e 
A s s u m e paym ents, ond balan ce C a ll M r 
G u e rre 221-o9o6_________________ 
-75 L T O Lan d au . 6-door loadod. take na paym ents, no equity, call m u m . 6o1 3o7) 
1971 LTO , L O A D E D ) 
C ull 341-3912__________ . 
7 1 L T D Mf Odon. tup# dock. now battery. rad ial* .brake* , S26oo 
4o4 oo3o 
______________ 
M av e rick 71, 4 door. outo .air, 4 
CVI radio and heater Geed tam i 
|» m r. WSO 933-o734 j 
74 M A V E R IC K 4 dr loaded E x cedent con dition t i SOO >14 8731 
72 M A V E R IC K I owner 4door 4. loaded' 
W ards rad ials 
$1495 
I 755-81o4 _____________________ 
74 M A V E R IC K , real cieon M ust sacrifice Leaded 534-4262 

■ ’74 BUICK 
USabre convertible. 
AM EM'8 hock stereo with ( f% m Bish, electric antenna, on conditioning, power steering, power win dows, power seats, tilt steering wheel, rodioi fires, excellent 5 O O Q £ condition x J v S Y D 
A N E W C A R TRACH- 

IN a t 

ALAMO SPORTS 
CARS 
3111 SROADWAY 

Hertz Is Seiling Quality 
Used C a rs F ro m O ur R en tal Fleet 
(1974 Used) l i l t $O UTH T E R M IN A L 
F o r Inform ation Coll: >24-9645 

7 4 P lym o u th D u ste r E x c e lle n t cond. $245o or reason ab le offer. 
6537771 csp vpmr. 

D U N E B U G G Y — 565o 
C oll otter 6P M 337-5975 

*7o M arquis Brougham . E xce lle n t cond., 4-dr., a ir, good tires. $1o5o. 
456-2715. 
_______ 
74 M E R C U R Y C ougar X R 7. F u l­ ly equipped, b ro w n , w h ite top. 
317-o695 , 337-7124._______________ 
7 4 
M e r c u r y 
C o u g a r, f u ll y ’ 
•quipped Assum e paym ents, and w ill h e lp fin a n c e . C a ll B r a v o 
922-631o or 621-4911 
M E R C U R Y 
C O U G A R 
1971 
C O N S O L E , B U C K E T S , N E W 
T IR E S , P O W E R A N D A IR . M U S T 
L IQ U ID A T E S i l l ! F IR M C A SH . 
41S-t64t 
__________ 
M E R C U R Y M A R Q U I S 
1972, 
24.ooo m ilos. Lik e new. L O A D E D , 
Take Up Paym ents M ust ask F o r 
Don H o lti 225-45o1 
197o M e rc u ry M a ra u d e r. Auto., air. 473-1735 otter 4 p.m. 
71 M ercu ry M arq u is 42,ooo m r. 
F M . a ir, auto , pow er ste e rin g , brokes $H95. 6811234 or 341-5o28. 
75 M e rcu ry M arquis. 4-dr.. 24.ooo m i., A M -F M stereo tape V in y l root, pow er a ir . P e rfe c t c o n d . 
541oo. 673 24o2. 
7 3 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS , fu lly looded, am tm tape. 
S1ooo. 
696-3474. 
•64 M E R C U R Y M on terrey, 3-tone, 
$2oo. 4S3-2S44 eves. 
49 M e rc u r y M o n te g o W a g o n . 
V ery clean. $95o 914-9514 

828-5511 

737 FORD 

N E E O a N EW or U S E O C A R or 
T R U C K ? ? IOO U S E O C A R S to choose from 11 lo o s F in a n c in g available 
C o n . 
Bob 
P u tn to . 
221-o6 It 

(2) 7 4 M a v e ric k s 6 d o o r SISSO each (I) 1974 Fo rd Torino station w agon, $145o < t) 19/4 C u stom 
F o rd Custom 4 doer SI6oo. 
3) 711 
F o rd s $11oo each (I) 1971 Fo rd 
E conoline Von $115o 43 Chevrolet 
*« Ion writs cam per. $7$o (I) 7 2 ; 
C h e v ro le t ton p ic k u p s $165o I w l . 923-6414 
7o M U S I A N C u n resto red $21oo 
B jfrty iio tto o 
•64*, M U S T A N G Convertible 
_______ »f> 2*1 «» >247o35 
69 M U S T A N G $9$o i i i engine, v in y l tog, a u to . a ir , p o w e r. I jtM iLjM jyyuL— . 
I t i M U S T A N G G H IA V I. loaded j L O A D E D 
I extra s $32oo 674 1264 

1974 P in to One ow n er. A ir, a u ­ tomatic. M an y extra s o36-9S4S, 
8968816_________________________ 
7$ PIN T O Runabout loaded, w ill help finance 
C a ll 
M r. 
G a n g 
I o8-1N 8- 
' 7 1 P in to R u n a b o u t. A u to , a ir , sunroof, vin yl top. A M -F M , b u ck­ ets, console. 36.ooo actu al m i. ex- c o llo n t in s id e a n d o u t. $149$ 
I F IR M 655 i ? “ oft*, lpm 
PIN T O R U N A B O U T 1971 A U T O 
AIR, S X C E L L E N T C O N D IT IO N ! 
W H IT E W IT H L I G H T G R E E N 
! V IN Y L 
T O P 
S I H I 
F IR M . 
435-1441 
_________________ t i P IN T O 4 sp e e d $695 R U N 
AB O U T B a ft Other 455-1155 
P IN T O W A G O N 1971 L O C A L 
O N E O W N E R V E R Y C L E A N ! 
4o.ooo M IL E S N E W T IR E S . E X ­ 
C E P T I O N A L ! SU O S 7 7 T A G S 
• R E E 435-1641 
I 7 5 T B IR D a ll pow er 
Su n roo f 
I Clee nest1 S a crifice ! I ll help you 
I Im pute M r G u e iru i n u»*» 
7 1 T B ird F u lly loaded, m oon root, vinyl top S12So 331-1o72 

7$ M e rcu ry M on arch G h ia, V I, a u to m a tic, p o w er, fa c to ry a ir . 
A M -F M stereo, one owner V e ry low m ileage 77 license. $4295 W ill trode 923-1oo3___________________ 
64 M E R C U R Y P A R K L A N E 
$15o 
,__________________ 911 3o3o 
59 M E R C U R Y , perfect. MOO 
69 
O LD S, $15o. 736 1o73____________ 

7 4 MEBCURY WAGON 
Loa d e d $315o D ays: 349 4121, eves we m a g: 491 1o93_________ 
74 M on arch G hia. am -fm store# 
Power steorm g-brakes. a ir cond 
Toke aver paym ents $155 m o or 
$49oo D ays 92$-6o$l ask tar Los; 
Nitas 4/3-1143 

7 2 MONTEGO 
M X B ro u gh am 3-dr, OH W hite, brown vm ly top A ir, pawer, extra clean. $219$. By awner. E ves: 
I 735-4115 
_______________ 
M O N T E O O M X 1974, new tires, shocks, excellent condition 52ooo 
675-1957 ovos, w eekends_______ 

I 
R IS O : s t o c k 'r n j 
74 M E R C U R Y M O N A R C H 
, 2 door Loaded! Sunroof Toke up p a ym e n ts C a ll: J e s u s Z a p a ta 
'OC 
I,no<K tty Q .uiiobu 
8t ■ 

•49 P L Y M O U T H F u ry III. air, ou­ to, power steering, am -tm , 4-door, e x c e lle n t con d . $75o. >2o-11oo w ork; 6o1-3531 h o m o ___ 
7 o P ly m o u th F u r y III, VO, h y d r o m a t ic , p o w e r s te e rin g , brakes, runs good. $65o M o n -F ri 
I opm, weekends 9-tpm 655-5464 
-49 P L Y M O U T H S a ltin e wagon. 
HO, v8, outo, air. 473-4467 eves. 
1972 P lym o u th S a te llite S e b rin g 
P lu s . V in y l to o , a u to , p o w e r steering, brakes, oir. 
$17oo o so -tio T 
_______________ 
•66 Plym outh Satellite 2 d r. bord too. V I. power, o ir. I owner. 
654-o4o6______________________ 
72 Plym outh Scam p. Slant 4, a ir, vin yl top, rad ia ls E xce lle n t cond 
Best offer. Has to be seen! A tter 5 p m 494-1752 
'45 Plym outh Valiant. 4 standard. 
5695 or best otter 451-7o97 

746 • TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS, BUSES'_ _ _ _ _ _ 

A D A M S T R U C K CO 
N E W and U S E D 
T R U C K P A R T S 
1o14 R O O S E V E L T _______ 533-51o1 
A L A M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
o16 P R O B A N D T 
_____________226 2131____________ 
A l Ren teria Trucks-C am pers 
18o5 P L E A S A N T O N RD. 
911-3416_________________ 922-2281 

746 • TRUCKS ft C O M M E R C IU M MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 
’• 754 TIRES PARTS ACCESSORIES 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

‘72 F O R D to ton, v8 
★speed, >1495. C oll 661 -4511 
F O R D '69 Tw in screw w ith D etroit 
671 e n g in e , IO sp e e d tr a n s . 
655-21o1; 651-6228 
1976 
F o r d 
V o n 
C a m p e r , 
6 cylinder, standard, 
5ooo mi. 
921 I486. 

C L E A N T R U C K S , ,69-’74 
C A S E Y 'S A U T O S A L E S 
1312 C O M M E R C IA L 
922-6442 
'72 D atsu n p ic k u p V e ry good condition. $1395. 913-8992.________ 
71 D atsu n p icku p . C le a n , ru n s g ood . $135o. A ft e r 5:3 o c a ll 
Law ernia 1-779-4872. 

•75 F O R D V A N E25o L o a d e d ! 
25,ooo m iles. N IC E . $4495 337 3448 
74 Ford Van E2oo, V-8 standard. 
A l S3395 337-3668 
1972 F O R D v a n . E x tra d e a n !! 
826-9545, 695-8o54 
•76 F O R D V A N , “ G o o d T im e 
M a c h in e " ) 17,ooo m ile s. $6488. 
F in a n c e no p ro b le m . C a ll M r 
Bennett 222-o986 
73 F O R D V an , 12-oassenger, au­ tom atic, a ir, m u st sell. W ill fin ­ ance C all W oody 433-1464._______ 

7 6 D O D G E B 2oo V A N w ith 
•M e rry M ile r ’ co n v e rsio n 9,ooo m iles. P rice d to se ll!! C oll: Dan 
Yarborough 222-8611 

72 F o rd V an V-8, auto, ra d ia ls, bed, carp eted, p aneled. Stereo. 
$22oo 696-76o5 

76 D O D G E C LA S S IC V A N , 8,ooo m ile s. W a rra n ty . L o a d e d !! A s ­ su m e p a y m e n ts , a n d 56,ooo balance M r Bennett 222 o986 

7 o F o r d V a n . V 8, a u to ., o ir , cam per equipped, plush. 494-1581. 
‘74 F O R D VB, lo a d e d , c a m p e r, 
$275o. 653-6992. 

D IR T B IK E , H odaka. 1ooCC, ex- cellen l condition. >35o. 344-9o68. 
75 GL-1ooo. Loaded. C all 658-1986 otter 6 p.rn 
76 H arley D avidson super glide, custom ized, 2,5oo m l. 226-5859 
76 H o rle y-D o v id so n S u perg lid e, 
$26oo. C oll 648-o56o.______________ 
2 H a rle y D vtd so n S S -S X T -1 2 5 , brand new, never ridden. F o r de­ tails call M ike Beldon 341-31o1 or 
344-o28o 
196o H o n e y P on h e a d, P a r t ia lly disassem bled-needs repair, $9oo. 
1948 In d ia n tra m e -m a k e o ffe r. 
224-8289 att 5 
75 H arlev X L H -S P . lOOOcc, 522oo. 
Ask for Ski, days: 221-5374. 
71 H odaka B + 1ooCC D irt Bike, tike new. $25o 733 1 58o 
73 H O N D A 75o, $1o5o. 
661-7527 ; 532-5o63 
7 6 H onda 75oA, 2ooo m i., 2 h e l­ m ets, and extras. C h e rry. $19oo. 
699-1216 or 227-4271 C urt 
7 3 H O N D A ISO and 
4oo, C A L L 653-o929 
'73 H O N D A 

74 D O D G E C L U B C A B , loaded!! 
L o w p a y m e n ts . A s s u m e lo w balance 
Coll: 
Ron 
Woods, 
222-o986 
‘73 D O D G E , C lu b Cab. 1-owner, 
29,ooo m iles, m any extras, cover otters trades, $39oo. 623-5528. 
•67 Dodge flatbed dum p. Exceltent condition! 
W orking. 
5225o. 
434-1945 
_ _ _______________ 

1971 DODGE MAXI VAN 
T radesm an 3oo. au to m a tic, V-8. 
E x tra clean . O v e rh e a d lu g g ag e c a r r ie r . Id e a l fo r c o m m e r c ia l d elivery. Low m iles .............$2989 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 S.W M ilita ry 922 4117 

74 G M C H IG H S IE R R A 
Loaded, only $264oo 
518 W EST A V .___________735-o321 

H O N D A -73. C B -3 5 o , lo w m i 
E x c e lle n t c o n d it io n , 
F e rrln g -S h ie ld — sad dle b ags, a re al beauty. $55o. 337-5255.______ 

G M C 1973 S I E R R A G R A N D E 
D U A L L Y W IT H 454 V -8 , A U ­ 
T O M A T IC , A IR , A N D P O W E R 
M U S T L I Q U I D A T E 
B E L O W 
BO OK $28oo O R B E S T O F F E R . 
435-1641 

•73 H onda C B 45o. 6,ooo m ile s , excellent condition. 575o. A tter 5: 
228-o589 
71 Hondo-CB 45o. Sharp, extras. 
M oving! $695. 675-o541. 

7 5 G M C S ie rra G ra n d e ' j ton, lo a d e d , ta k e up p a y m e n ts , no equity, call E rn ie , 681-3871 

71 G M C S ie rra G ran d e, leaded. cam p er shell, 698-2285__________ 
74 G M C S IE R R A , loaded 
Clean, below book 922 6442 
G M C S p rin t 71. A ir, pow er, a ir shocks, new ra d ia ls V in y l roof, 
A M -F M , good condition. $2495. 
696-2339. 

•76 D O D G E 
M E R R Y M I L E R " 
V an conversion O nly 6,ooo m iles. 
You need to go? So do l l C a ll h o n , m o m ___________________ 
1975 D od g e p ic k u p lo n g w id e. 
C a m p e r. L ik e new, one o w n er. 
M on y e xtra s 1 >26-9545, 695 >o56 

77 G M C I ton, dual wheel picku p 
Still in W arranty $65oo. coll Jim , 
441-4511 
7 4 G M C M o n , LW B , V I, auto air, pow er steerin g, b ra ke s, low m i 
$475o 
I 249-3o79; 
1-249-1177, 
Boerne. 

•47 D o d g e to ton p ic k u p . 111,! 
4-SPd , $9oo. 532 5514. 

ARMY TRUCKS 
Satos-Pa rts-$*rv ice 
B I a uboch E quip m eat. 734-1454 
Assum e Paym ents, ne equity, 74 
F O R D P IC K U P . COtl B ill >12 >421 

'75 P ly m o u th W ag on . L e a d e d . 
M ust sell! $35oo 734-47)2._______ 

B O D Y M A N S S P E C IA L S 
77 Chevy Silverado .............$285o 
'76 G M C S ie rra 6 cyl ...........51875 
75 Fo rd R anger F I 5o ....... 12o5o 
75 G M C S ie rra C la ssic .. .. 51o5o 
71 Fo rd R onqer X L T ......... $147$ 
M any M ore To Choose F r o m ll 
1228 New Laredo H w y-924 4879 
7 1 B ro n c o R a n g e r, a ir , VB. 4 

72 S a te llite C u sto m , v in y l top, I m in ih u u in h t f lk n n „ ii e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 12.ooo m i. 

•4o P ly m o u th W agon. M otor ex celtent condition $4oo 432-o925 

*74 Dodge V> ton p icku p , 4 stan ­ dard with air. 8.ooo m ile s Under w arran ty. W holesale. Colt: Dan 
Yarborough 222-8611____________ 
D O D G E to ton, sta n d a rd , m ust sell today! W ill tlnonco. C a ll D ick , 
431-1468 

72 G M C 11 ton Sierra, auto, air, power $1645. 423-6336.__________ 
74 G M C W indow V an E x tra nice 
New plates, sticker. 
$4195 
1-751-2941 

H O N D A ‘75, CB36oT, low m ileage. 
>7oo. 696-8242. 
7 o H O N D A 35oCC, low m ile ag e 
Custom po int. 55oo 494-3195 

Chevy tires: 2 Series 7o, 2 Series 
6o, w ith I S " M a g s . 55o ea. 
1-537-448! atter 5. 
428 C obra Je t engine, C6 tran s. driveshaft, com plete re ar end as­ sem bly, locker re a r end, 31 Spline o xles comp. $4oo 655-o8o4 349-o331 
D R IV E IN T R U C K S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o2 Laredo H w y. 924-6551, 924-6552 
E N G IN E for 7 3 B U IC K E L E L C 
T R A >175-432 4963 
________ 
‘66 Ford parts V ega head ports. 
‘71 Plym outh ports. 532-5586.___ 
F ro n t E n d D a m a g e , 7 4 C a p ri, 
2,ooo cc, air, 31,ooo m l, sell parts o r tra d e fo r s m a ll p ic k u p o r 
536-3521, Sat. Lee, 337-473o. 
Ja ckm a n white spoke m ags with caps. 5 lugs C hevy o r G M fit Atter 
4, 434-5168. 
2 L 6ox15 tires, 8" m ags, G6ox1S, m ags, 2 m o S35o 923-783o 
IS R im s, w hite spokes. 2 (87, 2 
(to-), tit Von. S35 each. 924-26o4 
S T O C K 283 P A R T S , M a n ifo ld s ond heads. C ali 435-5511. 
'68 to 75 Corvette Hardtop, $42$. 
4oo Turbo, 1125. 15x 29' ix l2 Slicks, 
W heels, SISO. (4) 13‘ F o rd W heels, 
Hubcaps, >4o. 479-7154 atter 5 
12 V o lt G M r e a r e n d w ith 513 gears. 428 Pon tiac eng. ond turbo 
4oo with B M p arts TR W 327 pts tons 12.5. ‘69 L e M a n s body pats 
Sunday: 675-1637._______________ 

RDI CAMPERS TBAHEB8 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

★ over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SAUS KM: 
HOLIDAY 
RAMBLER, 
PROWLER. 
NOMAD. 
VENTURE. 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY, DIAMOND. JAMBOREE 
NUNIHOMIS 

96oo IN 
V. 
653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson's1 
9 'til dark, AA on.-Tri. 

9-6 p.m. Sat. I-S Sundays 

7 2 Intrepid T ra v e l T ra ile r. 2o’ tandem wheel. 1-796-4731. 
73 IN T R E P ID 23’ T T ro lle r 
H a rpe r M otor Co C am p orlan d 
74o1 S W Mi!itary-924-SS14 
Hrs. M on -F rl 9-6, Sun. 1:3o-6 

71 VW F astb ack rebu ilt eng. 53oo. 
Also ports. 432-6464 

Honda CT-7o. Street Legal. 
Coll 344-4266 otter 4 p m. 
$22$. 

1975 H o n d a 75o. C u s to m iz e d . 
$16oo. C all 532-o925 otter S. 
1975 Honda C ycle MC-14o. Sell for 
575o 684-3534. 
72 H O N D A 5oo, 4 cyl., 1o.ooo ml. 
E xce lle n t cond. 346 8* os 
7 2 H O N D A 15o, ta rin g , e x tra s 
$5oo. 69o-1o6o____________________ 
75 H O N D A 55o 
$135o firm 734-3296 
7 2 H onda 5oo. G ood co n d itio n . 
$>oo 223 2495, >22 9523. 
72 H O N D A 5oo. 4 H eaders, fair- mg, excellent cond. $>75. 69o-812o 

7 5 D O D G E V A N to ton, 3-spoed standard, c lr, 535oo 533 5o67 
77 Dodge V on VB, pow er steer mg Van custom izing kit, A M -F M stereo cassette, low m iles. Atter 
6 684-6111. 
Due to illn ess m ust sell 74 Custom 
Flop. Low m ites $295o 333-1773 

6ooo TIMES VAN 
L O A D E D !! 1,ooo m ilos. M u st sell. 
COW: John 3o1-8111______________ 
G R A N D E F O R D T R U C K S A L E S 
•HIO and W .w w hite Road 
_____________ 6614121____________ 
H D. S u p e r G lid e 7 4 
L o w m ileage. excellent. 
$27oo 
653-6847. 
International Trucks 
71$ Stoves Ave. 
534-5471 

Hondo SSO Looks great! Helm ets, backrest. $1o5o 349-o918. 
7 6 H ondam atic 75o, Looded $2o5o 
435-3161. 

2 VW G oodyear tires with m ags. 
o6ox13, good tread, 514o 627-2243. 
9om-4pm. 

74 L A S A L L E T. T ra ile r 
H arper M otor Co C am p erian d 
24o1 S.W. M ilita ry 924-5514 
•73 LH' Hobo 22 T T ra ile r 
H arper M otor Co C am p erian d 
24o1 S.W. M ilita ry 924-554 

W R E C K I N G -69 C H E V Y I M ­ 
P A L A , 35o Turbo Irons., a ll parts reasonable. 922-3838 
W re c k in g O a tsu n 6-21o. E n g ., sta n d , tra n s . L e ft sid e . H a tc h ­ ba ck, w in d sh ie ld , re a r b u m p e r. 
734-7747 or 494-75oo. ____________ 

758 
AIRCRAFT services, 

D u m p tru c k , ' t i In te rn a tio n a l 
14oo, IO yd. bod, ta n d e m a x le , 
Good c ondition $4ooo 694 8464 
74 E l C a m in o C la s s ic ISO VS 
Loaded, perfect cond m ust sell 
SHOO. 
$55o below 
Blue 
Book, 
657-ooo4.________________________ 

'68 Satotlite, 4 cyl., standard, a ir, 2 d r , dean . 342-8579________ 

 auto , power steering, brokes and a ir >155o 691-1791 
48 Satellite, $2oo or best otter. 
Some w ork needed 822 5741 
71 Sport F u ry Brougham . 64,ooo m ile s, fu lly lo a d e d . E x c p lle n t. 
SHOO. 492-9543. 
________ 

S4ooo 732 9/25; t i l IBI I Ofter 4 
7 4 
B ro n c o 
4 -w h e e l d r iv e . 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n ! >28-6355 atter 7: 696 o3o1 

742 PONTIAC 

C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R S A L E S 
D istribu tors Century W re cke rs 
16o3 NO. A L A M O ________225-6146 
1971 C h e vrolet C heyenn e Super, loaded! >16-9565 695 8o56 
45 B O N N E V I L L E , e x tra clean , mc# in ond out $475 344-2113 
72 B O N N E V IL L E , 4-dr hardtop. power, a ir, im m aculate. 141-8124; 
349-1643 pugs________________ 
‘44-'47 Bonneville, -41 m otor, ISI. 
Coll 91383I8. 
72 C atalina B ro t.m o m Loaded, must soil BISPO 4>4 8ooi 
*49 C A T A L IN A 6 d o or good cond. 
Owner. $745 735-8o45 
69 F IR E B IR D 4 C Y L IN D E R 
L O A D E D ! 48,ooo m i 
...........$1795 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
•too SA N P E D R O 
341 1354 
72 F IR E B IR D E S P R IT 
E xcellen t buy. 494-4295 
1 71 F ire b ird High m ileage. 4 cyl. 
53438.CdH 142 oo/o i 
71 F IR E B IR D 
L O A D E D . C o ll 341 3933 
*4> F ire b ir d , sh o w case e n g in e , rebu ilt; m ust see to a p p re cia te , i M ust sell 735-3414, 735-5438 t i G R A N D P R IX has power, and a ir . S te re o . B le c k . A s s u m e 
; paym ents, and ba lan ce on note. 
I COM G U E R R A 111o986_________ 
7 5 G R A N O F R I X , p o w er e ver- 
I yth in g i I Sharp. Y o u gel a little 
! m o n e y ? I don It So le t 's g e t to M d to r. 
C o il 
Ren 
W oods i n ovid 

•48 C h e v ro n p ic k u p 4 c y lin d e r. 
Standard. $64> b u t otter 656 I Duo 

7 3 ElCamino SS 
V t, outom otic, air, power . 52295 
JA M IS O N M trs Seguin 213-52o1 
E l Cam ino SS 1969 396, ve ry good con d M u s t s e ll im m e d ia te ly ! 
SHOO 341-6114; 73o-eiH.________ 
•49 E l Com ino SS, good condition, 
SUSQ 494 38o1 
75 E lC a m in o Super S p o rt P e r ­ fect cond., 
542oo 
513-o5o4; 
S33-8M4. 
______________ 
71 F O R D C L U B W agon. C le a n ! 
L o w m ilo s C a ll: D an Y a r b o r ough, J U -Bdl I 
74 F O R D Country Squire wagon, loaded, nice. Take up paym ents. 
924-4471_________________________ 

7 4 C H E V Y Cheven# S u p e r IO 
L W B , lo a d e d a n d h a s F o r d 
F ib e rg la ss Cam per. 124-9119 or 
349-3o42. 
7 4 C h evy C h e ye n n e L ik e new, 
4 -w heel d riv e . C ru is e C o n tro l, 
A M - F M a ll t e r r a in m a g t ir e s , 
12,ooo m i W ill la ke older tru ck in trade. Owner. 1-742-315o, Poteet 
7 2 C H E V Y ' 
SW B, 
SHOO eves 

C IO, 6 s ta n d a rd , 
224-5471; 
698 2444 

-71 C H E V Y C U S T O M $179$ 
_____________922-4441____________ 
71 C H E V Y Fen dersid e, I spaed, standard. SI SOO 661-4511 
7 4 C H E V Y P ic k u p , 4 w heel dr. toke up paym ents, 914-5626 

71 C H E V Y P IC K U P 
_______ Vs Ion, Colt 341 1933 

7 5 F O R D C o u rttr, o ir, in w ar- rontv 134oo 454 3413; 46 ) 4882 
71 F O R D C ourl6r. 12,ooo m i. A ir, full bed double door cover. D ual tru c k e r s ' C B a n te n n a s. B e tte r than new condition. $242$. >2o-1111 w eekdays 

75 I N T E R N A T I O N A L S C O U T , autom atic, take up paym ents, no call E rn ie . 681-1o71 
■ 1973 IN T E R N A T IO N A L . $1995 
4 cyl. standard, radio, now ....... 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SAN P E D R O 
34) 1356 
1971 International 16oo series with 
7o' drive In ond lift Bate 65o-76641 

H O N D A O F SA N A N T O N IO 
57oo M O B U D 
6o4-14o2 

1947 H O N D A . 1o5 S C R A M B L E R 
R U N S G O O D 
C LA S S IC B IK E , $35o, 226-3554. 
7 1 H O N D A SL1oo. G ood c o n d i­ tion. Coll otter S OO pm , 337-5o72 
76 Honda 75o super sport, clean, ru n s good, in c lu d e s 2 h e lm e ts. 
>14oo otter 6pm >33-o44o 331-3279 
7 4 Honda 75o Super Sport. 29oo m i., lust like new! Cost $24o1. soil tor S17So. 731-416$, 8 to >. 
74 Hondo 75o Super Sport 4oo mi. 
699-3333 696 SHO 
JO E H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
S oles-Servico-Parts 
34o1 B R O A D W A Y _______ o24-9694 

$9 INT L S T E P V A N , 4 CVI., 
Shift SOTS. 921-4314 
■ 
Stick 

‘4o INT N L T R A V E L A L L , $125o 
_______Cot! Jim , 441-4511 
74 J E E P CJ-7. 25o, 4 cyl., lock out hubs. E xc e l tent. 65o-1349 otter 4. 
J E E P , 7 5 C JS w ith brow n L e v i top and soots Loss than 12,ooo mi. 
69o-963o otter 5 pm 

7 4 K A W A S A K I 9ooCC W in d ja m ­ m er and m ore N ice touring bike. 
M U S T S E L L TH IS W E E K ! Steve 
494-14o1_________________________ 
7 5 K A W A S A K I 4oo. J h e lm e ts . 
Exce lle n t cond. 49MS67. 
71 K aw a sa ki 9oo. $1,4oo or best ottgr. COH 333-7381.______________ 
74 K aw aski 9oo, Good condition. 
>14-4o36 ofter 5pm_______________ 

INTRODUCING 

NEW PIPER TURBO 

ARROW III 

16S Knot Cruise 2o,ooo 

Service Ceiling. 

 ixdusive San Antonio 

SHOWING AT 
NAYAK AVIATION 

INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 

SATURDAY, MARCH S 

I ta 6 PJA. 

 l a c 

22' M O B IL E SC O U T , 1976 
R a lly m aster, fu lly self contained, like new. 
$565o 
T ra de Term s. 
5545o. 
L E M E I L L E U R 
M O B IL E H O M E S A L E S 
K E R R V I L L E ,T X 
(1)2574366 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
2)71 Austin Hwy 
651-o885 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E x clu sive dealer for 
V E N T U R E Tent C am per bv Sta rcra tt 
‘ ■Little Castle On W h eels" 
1171 A U ST IN H W Y 
455 o251 
25' Red D ale tro v o l tro lle r, w ith 
1948 C a p r ic e m o d o ! 427 h itc h e quipm en t tor towing. E x c e lle n t 

 condition. $4,o5o. 822-9o79. T E X T - 

MOTEL CLERK 
E ld e r ly , re tire d , so b e r p e rs o n need apply. 
6541 
H igh w ay 
9o 
West. 
•49 S H A S T A 17' fu lly s e lf con tamed, a ir S27oQ 14« 6o31________ 
SH AST A*P HOW LER 
We Taka T rade-ins 
Com plete Service Dept. 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH1o I M i N orth of Boerne 
R T 2 B O X 127 S A. Phone 224-2424 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M. 
72 Skam per Pop-U p tra ile r 
H arper M otor Co Com pertand 
24o1 S W. M ilita ry 924 SSI* 
H rs M on-Fri.9:-4: Sun: 1:1o-4 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A I L E R S A L E S 
114 K in g sb u ry 
S E Q U IN , T X. 

74 J E E P W ogoneor 4 WD, 12,8oo m iles. Auto. o ir, paw er b ra k e s, ste e rin g . A M - F M ste re o ra d io 
H i-Lo range. $64oo 735-3441 or 
484-752o 

75 
K A W 
KZ4oo, 
$75o-475-2555 
4ooo m ilos. 

1957 Norton >5o Com m ando, 3,ooo mi, extras, 51,5oo cash. Y am ah a 
115, 4.5oo ml. >2oo cosh 654-5854. 
SAN A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A L E S 
7 7 J IM M Y , 4 W heel d r., 3 m os old. Loss than 5,ooo, m i. E v e ry option a vailab le List new, $96oo 
W ill toke $>$oo or consider trade 
696-553) anytim e 

197$ Ford Custom ’ > ton F U L L Y 
L O A D E D >26-9565 695-8o56____ 
71 Fo rd , 4 c y l.; new tiro s, bat 
' • ' r ; » ? y .' y . m . m m i . 

L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D IE S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 

HOFFER TRUCK CO 
I-79M2S4 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
PO Box 4 H H a lle ttsville ,Tx 

71 FO R O E x p lo re r LW B L O A D 
E D E x tra n ice !! >199$ 337 3448 
74 F O R O F-ISo, D e Lu xe 2 tone. 
Loadod! l it help finance C all: M r 
Baanatt m o t s _______________ 
75 FO R O F258 S U P E R C A B A ll pow er, a ir 
A ssu m e p a ym e n ts, and $41o8 balance 
C all, GU S. ill* * ! * 

74G OLDSMOBILE 

1976 G R A N O P R iX S C h a lc o at 
CO LO R S $4495-341-1415 

47 T H U N D E R B I R D , h a rd to p .! loaded 
74,888 m i clean 
$79$. 
14) o294 
•78 T H U N O iR B I R D , lcuoi-d ne 
•nutty, take up paym ents, E rm a 
* * » M 
7 I __________________ 
74 Thunderbird t>* < le d condition 
$7288 K a ? H u rper, 349 3421 
74 TORINO B R O U G H A M Wagon. 

•71 Tonne G rand Boort V t, auto . tamer, air ti iso 448 eon______ 

71 TORINO CT 

•74 M u s ta n g G h ia O n ly 21,888 rn nos M ust sow i i i 1341 
74 M ustang Ii C h ia Vs, reg gat sunroof, mags. ra d ia ls D ecor in t e n o r , A M - P M s te re o $2788 ti adv 4*8-81/7 , e v at ., t/ 4 5444. 
I W I M ustang, lim e groan, 382 V I . a ir . pow o r ste e rin g . 44.o88 m i. ll,>88 F irm 494 44)1____________ 
74 M U S T A N G M A C H I, V4 out# am tm ratty# package, excellen t 
$?f»$, 7|4-»|44 
•71 M u stang M u m I I U VI, a u te , att equipm en t m ag s L ik e new, owner SWM H H H JI 

T ransportation Special 7o F o rd 
Tonne, power steering, air, radio, 
COH otter «pm t U 1488 
_____ we Owner s t F o rd L T D 4 dr hard tap A M F M radio, air cond , p o w e r s te e rin g 
B e s t O tte r . 
***_14ll or t i t t i n , ask tar Bab 
H j f e l l . ______ 

T W - U R J ill 

71 CUTLASS S149o 
Beautiful Caupo with everythin g I 
»?»**>*________________________ 
7* C U T L A S S coupe, outo . a ir. 
R e a l nice ca r, black a v er p la ck burgundy interior, om tm stereo I tra d e o w . 923-63*4___________ 

 t i Cutlass 2 door hardtog V e ry 
Cloan! $219$ 
128-41$$, atter I: I 
694-8383________ 
71 C u tla ss S, p a w e r s te e rin g . 
P ro le s. A ir, re ar speakers, railey wheels, must d riv e ' 334 6956 
73 C U T LA S S S U P R E M E 2 door 
Assum e sm all balance Law e tu i tv M r. Levine 111 o984 
74 Cutlass Suprem e, loaded! E x ­ cellent con dition $1491-828-411$, attar 7:-496-4343 _______________ t i C U T L A S S S u pre m e leaded. nice take up paym ents, f ie 4471 
7 4 C u tla s s S u p re m e 
F u lly lObdod. $1375 73S-61J8; 735 /214 
7 4 C u tlass S vpram e B ro u gh am lauded# m in t can d $5,886 C a ll 
Jim , 494-2848 
7 4 C U T L A S ! S u p re m e , a ir , 8 
| track $4888 924 4917 
7 4 C u tla ss S u pre m o , e x c e lle n t 
< aud inside and out. lo o ks ■ drives gaud 
Com e see' 
7 32 4654.________________________ 
7 8 C u tla s s t x 
L o a d e d , new b ro k e s SHS# R e a l n ice ce n d i lion I 411-1748. 
71 Delta 88 M etallic blue, power, 
J new tir e s , a ir 
W a n t ta b u y sm aller c a r ' C lean good cand 
A s k in g $1195 
W ill b e rg o m t i t WAI, 4 5 fr l/ ll gtler I 

7 4 GRAND PRIX SJ 
Paw er w indows and seats, v in y l landau tap, stereo A m -Fm . tape, b u c k e t s e a ts , r a lly e w h e e ls , cruise control I awner car, |4/u# 
215-5493 824-1377 att 4pm 

*48 C H E V Y P ic k u p ' iton, auto. air, pawer. runs great owner. 
534-8873 

'43 F O R D LW B. 152 VS. aula runs good >495 432 3841 

7 3 CHEVY Pickup SI 99o 
H os everyth in g! 
R eal bargain 
828-4958_________________________ 

I T I CHEVY Pickup S239D liq u id a tin g 
E x ce lle n t 
Buy) 

7 2 G R A N D V I L L E le a d ed v in y l tap, perfect 
I ow ner s lit s . 
4961545 

C H E V Y P IC K U P 1975 C IO LO N G 
W ID E IS S V I , A U T O M A T I C , 
O W N E R C O N S IG N E D N E E D S 
C A S H . 12433 N E T . A U T O F A IR 
3 S I 8 C U L 1 M A 
S t C H E V Y P ic k u p , 137, V I , 
★ speed, am -fm . 415 89*2 ofter 4 
S J H 

59 F O R D P icku p Cam per shell. 
VB standard, steal it tor $495. 
U IS E R O A D W A Y ________123-1549 
-44 F O R D P icku p LW B , V I. $55o 
448-1431 
73 P D R D P icku p, aula, sm all VI. two $l>95 348-3474 
._______ 
*65 Fo rd picku p Now p u C t. tiros woo,o hooter, D iam ond tucked 
333-8884.____________ 
7 5 F O R D P I C K U P J4 ton. stan d o r d 
E x c e lle n t c o n d it io n ! 
441 3594 otter 6 
52 F O R D P ic k u p E xcellen t con aition $988. 484-7731 ■ 

Lease Operators Wanted! 
)-axle T ra cto rs and T ra ile rs. 
824-7273; 333-5194 
N E W and U S E D B um pers Light weight to heavy duty F o r att su e s of pickup tru cks 824-45$)-2o2 New 
Loredo H w y ________________ _ 

PERFORMANCE ilAN8 
OF AMERICA 
C u sto m a c c e s s o r ie s to r V a n s . 
P icku ps, m in i tru cks, R V 's 
Fro m sm all in sta lla tio n s to co m ­ plete Von C onversion s 
18721 P E R R IN B E I T E L *54 8648 

ARROW# 1874. C-172, 
1 
1957 Appocha. 1954. 511-812-3o91 
77 A R R O W III 
! 
C oll F ra n k Adorns, 658-o22o 
B O N A N Z A 
L o c a l 14 M e m b e r F ly in g C lu b w ith 2 low tim e c o m p le te IF R e q u ip p e d 1971 B o n a n z a s h a s opening for I m em ber C all Roger 
HIH: 223-5535 o r 341-4788 atter 7 p m 
Cessna 15o Com m uters; 197o zer- o tim e. SC M O H , e xce lle n t co n d i­ t io n , $4,45o ; 1969 r e r o - t lm e 
! S C M O H , e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n , 
56,35o 1969 M id-tim e, oood condi lio n , $5,95o. C a ll 458-4o88 o r 
658-8371 otter 6 P M ______________ 
1976 Cessna Skyhaw k Ii. 66o H rs. 
TT, IF R equip 1974 C e ssn a C a r­ dinal ll 49o H rs T T, IF R equip. 
I 1974 Cessna S k y la n e ll 58o H rs 
TT, IFR equip 1976 Cessna C a r­ d in a l R G l l 18o H rs . T T , IF R eauip. Can Johnny W alker, Long- 
1 view, Tx. (214) 643-2344._________ 
)944 C e ssn a S k y la n e , fu ll I F R , 
U se d H onda p a rts to tit a lm o st M B . 
E L T , 
I L S , 
A D F , any Honda m odel M an y 7So and; T S O -T X P D R . d u a l N a v-C o m m s. 
G L p arts W heels, Tanks, S o o ts,'lo n g ra n g e ta n k s, new a n n u a l, 
D is c B r o k e fr o n t e n d s 
5716 goad con dition , $14,5oo 458-6o11 
M O B U D , (C o rn e r Loop 41o ond or 658-8271 otter 6 P M ___________ f ! 4 *7**--------------------- 
71 C H E R O K E E VI, JOO lu ll IF R , 
7 $ Trium ph T rident E le c start, air. 
$33,5o8 
F ra n k 
A dam s, adult owner 2588 m iles IO mas. *58 o32o 
O ld A v g r e t a il $18oo. M I N E 
>145o! 888-4943 otter 6.__________ 

17’ S ta rc ra tt, S u p e r C le a n A C , 
E le c .-D o s R e t. S e m i S e lf-C o n ­ ta in e d E x t r a s . S2ooo F ir m , 
341 174o, 342-o2S8._______________ 
I S tarcratt Sw inger 4 tent cam p e r 
: troller, excellen t condition. 
I 492 12o7._________________________ 
74 S T A R C R A F T 25' T. T ro lle r 
H a rpe r M otor Co C am p erian d 
24o) S W M ilita ry 9365514 

K A W A S A K I Sales, S e rv le t, Pacts 
313 N A K O M A ____________4965254 
*48 S ears 25o cc., 5,ooo o rig in a l mites, >35o. 654-189*_____________ 
7 3 S u zu ki JBO. G o o d co n d itio n . 
MSO C oll: 81657o2. 
7 4 Suzuki 58o. Low m iles, e x c e l­ lent cand. 57oo. 1-772-3853 atter 5, oil day wfcends. 

I I ' S T A R C R A F T T r a ilt r , s a lt contained a ir,7 2 O L D S T ow -car, w ill seporote. 686o877 
Style C raft com par, insulated and pan eled w ith fu ll-le n g th d o u b le doors 54 5o 659-1o41. 
■ 74 T E R R Y 2 o 'V T T ro lle r 
H arper M otor Co C am p erian d 
24o1 S.W Mllltary-924-5514 
H rs. Mon F rf. 9-6 Sun: I: lo » 
75 T E R R Y SS' T T ro lle r 
H a rpe r M otor Co C am p erlon d 
2481 S.W M ilita ry 926SS14 
H rs M on Fri.9-4, Sun 1:3o e 

TNE SIDE DOOR 

•49 T ra ve l T ra ile r 17‘ A IR 
H a rpe r M otor Co C a m p e rian d 
24o1 S.W M ilita ry 934 5514 
73 T ra ve l T ra ile r. 22'. dual axle 
F u lly se lf-ca ta in e d C a rp e t, a ir, h itc h in c lu d e d . SJSoo. 344-3133 oftvr 5 o.m .a 

•It T ra v e l T r a ile r 14’ . M o to rc y ­ clists, B icy clists m ust see! S2IS8 
128 3874. 

W anted 7 5 or '74 B M W . RSO 4 
Block, sm oll tons >74 3)35 
1949 Y a h a m a ISO, n e w t ir e s , 
13,oo8 m iles, SH S ar trad e tor boat and m otor, 1-749-3377. 

7 3 Y a m ah a >o G ood con d ition 
12oo or bes! otter. 4563191 

P IC K U P 

I* Dodge •# tan. 348 engine, oir, radio, now tiros, only 39,o8o m iles 
SHOO firm Ow ner. 473 8841 
74 R A N G E R F358, lo aded !) A s ­ su m e p a y m e n ts , a n d $4215 bolo nee C oli G U S, i l l o984 

$ good 
$1284 

M U S T A N G 19/4. 
MNM 
IM 
433 1*44 

M u st se ll new, 
CBM 
D ick 

• 944 att*' 
• t M u s ta n g . $1o88 a r b est 
J J L 4 4 4 I 
_ 
M U S T S E L L 19/S B L I T E 
W ell a g u ip o e d 13545 C o li 
S p e e d y 
G e n /o le v Sates M an liger I H M ' ! 

I 197$ C O N T IN E N T A L M A R K IV 
★rule w ill, while vinyl lop Fu lly loaded With A M F M ieee C ruise control Leather interior M um m urn wheels, etc 33.888 m iles W ill sp en t ice tar 1*358 SSI 42*1 

71 Continental 6 d r , new radials, m u ffle r, sh o cks, elec stu rl im 
> ii u lu la te L ik e new le ath er Hit. 
$7388 453-3/84 
L in c o ln C o n tin en t# ! 1971 4 deer sedan, air, fu ll paw er, vinyl top, le a th e r in te rio r, BX IPS 225-2485 ask for Betty M e re r 
I 

7 3 G R A N V I L L E 2 d o or L o a d ! e d ll A s s u m e p a y m e n ts , a n d sm all balance 
C all 
Levin# ; 
222-8884 
47 GTO 488 engine, 4 speed $4oo 
C o l: 6/4-1$41 
| 
1969 G TO F u ll pawer, a ir, great ru n n in g con d, new tire s . $788 
6*69444 or 494 9659 otter 6 
71 LeM ans. aute. air. honeycom b wheels $159 5 494 )285_________ 
7 1 L e M a n s g o w e r s t a a r in g , b ra ke s, a ir, m ag w h osis, sp o rt option group Sharp I l l s S954 
*69 O L O ! t i L u x u ry Sedan, a ll ; pow er, e x ce lle n t m e c h a n ic a lly , 
$595. or best atter 3461111 
; 
74 Pontiac A stre S a ta n W agon 
$38o below B lu e Beek ijo o o or best otter A ir, A M P M cassette, tm m acutate 473-8444. 

SI P o n tia c B o n n e v ille V-8, a u ­ tom atic, power, facto ry a ir, new poin t 77 lice n se , e x c e p tio n a lly clean $99$ WHI trode 923 I M I 
48 Pontiac, 4 dear, outo. a ir, i i i i. t a - i n i . 
_________ 
69 Pontiac F u ll body with trans. 
Sem e m otor p a rts G ood con d 
1 3 * y * l* » 9 " y r M f 59/5 atte, s 
73 PO N T IA C G P while, excellen t tf? M 237-8938, 734 3253 _______ 
71 PO N T IA C G R A N D V IL L E b e a u tifu l, L e w m i. a u te . f u ll power, 6 d aer, hardtop, vin yl reef, best buy 
Anyw here at 
$1395. 
4*6 2714 
'73 Delta Royale Sedan 
6own«p, Mira clean, AM 
„ 
.......... 

EM sterna S24So. W Uays 
85:4137871. 
_ _ 
72 SI59S Delta R oyale 4 dr ., extra clean 654 2*98 

|-74 C H E V Y P IC K U P . 35o V I, H D lo d ia to r. a ir, o v e rlo a d s e n n a s, am radio, standard tran sm ission ll,froo .rn 88388 813 5351_________ 
78 Chevy picku p *« tun, cam per shed Loaded *364713__________ 
7 4 C H E V Y P I C K U P , S tan d ard , 
V-8. s h o rp l I A ssu m e paym ents, and 5724o balance Ran W eeds l i l t * ! * _________________________ 
74 C H E V Y P icku p, LW B , V I SIO , 
$339$ 6331578 
St Chevy pu LW B, auto, sell or trade 8331487 t i t U l t 

7 8 C H E V Y SW B 
VI, standard, a ir 341 1933 
71 C H E V Y • i tan LW B Pte«t-..J; 
V-8 s ta n d a rd , a ir , h e a t, e x tr a 1 ta n k , b d. r a d ia t o r , c le a n 
I 
Owns, 5. r in i i , n v g ttt /15-4549 
84 Chevy < i ten pickup, goad can aition, new paint. $79$. 45 Chevy i i tan pickup, good condition, new point air, $1*5 116823), 83659I3 
*71 C h a w i* ton p ic k u p F u lly i„ u<!«;o lu m p ,, SPC), 33/ 8515 
73 C H E V Y *4 tan, 6speed, 117*5. 
COM 933-4443 
_______________ 
73 Chevy Van 14’, att alum inum 
79 Inter national 5 ten Van, Van with DW 823-3373 
7 4 C h e w V on , c a rp e te d , c u r ­ tains, 4 coelom s choirs, A M F M 
» trock atter Sam 341844/ 
4* C H E V Y V A N Custom p ain t end W isn e r 51/84 533 31/2 
I t C hevy Van. fu lly eq u ip p e d. 
Custom m l 3-way re frig e ra to r, 
TV Sat Ttmaeus. wfcdays before 
4:38: W I 3 » l 

41 Ford pickup R eal clean, new eng , 3 new m ag s. tire s . $13oo 
Robert SSS-1381 
7 4 F o r d p ic k u p w ith c a m p e r shat) Aulu , coli 65* $441 
SS F o rd pu. b o dy a n d e n g in e needs little wark, good tires $3oo 
343-9642. >41-4411 

Pontiac G ran P rix 
SS* STOS oner IHM 

71 Chevy VS Step Van 38 Series, lew m ileage in su la ted b o w . re lr ite ra tio n equipm ent 349 4 518, * 
78, $8*4 COM 

 l l D ella R oyale 88 Sedan C ru ise 
C entral, re a r w indow d efog g er 
435 engine, law m ites. 
$1988 m -9438 

 t i P O N T I A C L B M A N S . A S 
I O M I P A Y M E N T S , C all 926$e34 
T $ P O N T I A C L . M ^ T p i T T s coupe am tm $ tra ck , b u cke ts, power steering disc brokes, aula. v e ry geed g a s nu v e ry cle a n 
$1488 621-4113 eves 

 rton, long step- 
$1393 
7 4 C h e w V-8, side. standard. R eal nice 
137-8448 
_______________ 

• ll C h o w V-8 ' i ton LW B E x tra v v ,.o $ lj9 M iM 4 * e _____________ 
Clean 78 Fo rd 1 .tan. new paint, goad engine and tires, W R W G cam per 488 32o1 

‘ 69 F O R D R A N C H E R O . V-8, 
★speed $1158 917 3518__________ 
71 FO R O R A N G E R X L T 
Assum e paym ents. 926541* 
48 FO R O R A N G E R with com par, 
CRH 341-8833 
78 F o rd R anger pickup 

 i i m . t!} l*2>____________ 
87 FO R O R A N G E R $8*5 
38S9 N O G A L I T O I_______ 9133881 

 l l F O R D R A N G E R $18*5 
3S5* N O G A LIT Q S 
9133881 

" ll Ford Ranger X L T LW B 'pud od E it r o me# $1495 337 1448 
1971 F o rd R a n g e r, a ir , p o w e r 
Steering, b ra k e s . 4-speed, new tires, radio. 1-37* 6414 (Seguin ) 
Atter 7: 
• ll For a Stepside pickup, SW B 4. slofidurd $1395 494 4459 
74 Ford Super Van V I aula big air Reel nice $1395 337 3448 
62 Ford SW B 6 Standard 
C L E A N $488 454 o*17 

72 F O R D SW E JOI VI, 4 speed. M 
T m aps, $14*5 4)1 3o4)________ - 
*47 F O R D '/ ton, a u to s h e ll, clean, cheap! t i t t n t _________ 
75 F O R D *4 Ion, leaded 27,ooo m i $3558 884 8145 , 53o 34/1 ___ 
74 Fo rd *i ten Leaded, ekcellent con d O w n e r $3975 
W ill ta ke eldor truck in trode 635 4483 
71 F O R D 1 iT o n P ic k u p . F IOO 
Sport Custom . 383 V I, Standard 
J Sp w ith ca m p e r o n ly $19*5, 
I M ust see ta gpprecMtto 455 so;/ 
74 Ford 1 den pickup Auto., oir, 
°v« tanks, ca m p e r co v e r. 
I 
___________________ 
75 FO R O J4 Ion Ranger X L T , VI, aute air, taw m i $385o, call Jim , 
441 451) 
7 4 F O R O J4 tun, 4-speed. V I , 
SIM O C om Jim , 441 4511 

74 R A N G E R X L T . loaded, take up paym ents, ne equity, c a ll B r- nie, OBI 1871_____________________ j 
IA N A N T O N IO T R u c n s 
S A L E S * S E R V IC E 
G M C , D iam o n d -Roo, PaterbuM t 
38)8 IN-18 
_________ 44) 4111 
School B us $4 p assenger, body 
! and running cond A l $149$. Vie 
Iona: 1-878-83*8 
______________ I 
SCH O O L H ighw ay D iesel Buses 
1381 N O G A L E S ________ $364711 | 
L t i SCO UT 4 wheel d rive Perfect 
I shop# tor read or hill. si5*5. 
I 824-4818 
I 
I 77 S ilve ra d o p ic k u p R ed, fu lly leaded L ik e new) $4188 A tter $ 
| p.m.: 488-1734 
I '44 S tu d e b u k e r p ic k u p , L W B , tWBEa a lte r. 8ta->443. 
1 7 4 S u p e r C h e y e n n e C le a n , I ow ner, leaded 4$4 m etar, H O. springs >178$ 64467S1__________ 
Take ever paym ents en 73 C h e w 
, p icku p N e equity C a ll 834-7484 ask tor 
D ennis 
A tter 8: call 
“ *:<»!_________________________ 
2 Ion I n te r n a tio n a l, s e r ie s 48 flatbed tru ck. 
$758 
226 82)1. 
8B68811. l l Toyota H i Lux, LW B. standard, radio, a ir, bu m per, e xtra clean, 
$3195 ar bast Otter. 349 956* 
T R A I L E R H O B B S ; 33 yds P e r. te d condition $4,888-4734)9) 

V A N S 
74 D O D G E M axi, 15 POSS. 
$426o 
7 ) 
C H E V Y 
VI, aute, air, pawer 
.................................. $27$8 
73 
F O R D 
V I, aute, a ir. pawer 
................................... 8I8M 
72 C H E V Y S fid 
.............. $1959 
71 F O R O * Std....................... $12*5 
*4 D O D G E S#ots-wmdews 
$7*5 
4831 SO F L O R E S 92382D 

 l l VW 4 sp e e d, a m tm s te re o lop#, c le a n th ro u g h o u t, SI3I8. 
236>873, 655 
4 W H E E L D R IV E 
2$ M P G , S u b a ru S u per station w agon 
1*77, 7,888 m ile s. >4988 I save H e e 343-1841_____________ 
44 W H ITE Fretgh llm er end ben* 

748 MOTBKCYCUHEDOniS i immmmmmmmmemmmmmmmmmmmm 
7 3 B M W . law m ileage, w m diam m er, ether e x tra s 51788 344-8*54 

FRANK B M ALL A CO 
L A R G E S T 
A V IA T IO N 
IN S U R A N C E 
Broker Otters Most 
Com petitive P ric e s 512 225 SIO! 
74 P IP E R W A R R IO R 
C oll Fro n k Adorns, 458 o22o 
76 SE NE C A I I . 3*o TT, full King 
IFR include* KN*5, O M E . M SO 
36o slaved HSI, A llim o tic i l l C, a u to p ilo t, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
P riced lo sell Contact 
Ron Mu* 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ^ ■ ■ ■ ■ ^ to in . N A Y A K A V IA T IO N , Son An 

WANTED AUIOS 
1 K U L K S ,1 ,, ^ 
, 4.7ir i',r,,8 ” ono' 
A,rp# r' 

W R Y ”NO T order~(fNew 
P IP E R lo your own 
Specification* 
Prone 
Adam *. 

8o1 
CAMPERS M I L E R S 

A ir *lreom 3o A i condition. 557JO 
1757 4BS3 Her r Ville 

T R A V E L T R A IL E R C E N T E R 
D ealer tor K O U N T R Y A IR E ond 
N U -W A . S outhw est la rg e s t $Th 
Wheel D ealer 
Several tine tra d e in s still in stock! 
42oo Roosevelt ot Stinson P ie ld 
-Al T Trotter 22', patio door 
H oi per M otor Co C am p erian d 
26oI S W M ilita ry 924 5514 

Y a m a h a IOO M X . P o r t e d a n d pol.Chl-d m e llrn l tuna 644 374 > 

75o 

TRAILERS. MO! ORC YCllS 

Buy Junk Cars Iron Etc a g rep 827 321163) 283o 
Cosh tor d e a n c a rs ond tru cks. 
L a rry Cannon Auto Solos 
5418 San Pedro __________828 6355 
923 4422 
C A SH P O R JU N K C A R S 

PAY TOP PRICES 
F o r w recked c a rs and T ru ck s 
A l A U T O P A R T S 
1117o)1 

•QUICK CASH • 
C A R S A N D T R U C K S 
R U N N IN G OR N O T! 226 2245 

S E L L IN G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i- p r lc a s p a id io r c lo a n c e rs - 
Trucks. etc 222-1143 
T O P D O L L A R ) J U N K c a r s . trucks, scrap 125 m i rod iu s San 
Antonio 382-5o18 

TOP MONEY PAID ll 
F o r Your Car, O r T ruck. R unning gr not! • Any condition, also Ju n ks 
*21 3838 
_______________ 

USED CARSCLEAM 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
1321 B R O A D W A Y 
2236211 

Wanted to buy, VW engine!' ‘48-‘TO, 
I SOO I/ o o h m u st b t o p era b le , 
*188435, tygve m essage tor Jon 
W B B U Y U S E O C A R S 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K CO 

754 
TOES I D U IC C ttM rttS 

'48 ond up C O R V E T T E hordtop, p a in te d y o u r c o lo r $ 5 8 8 (4 1 
G R 7oX 15 tiro s on A n se n S p rin t m oot HOO 349-279)_______ 
Boss 3o2 M ustang, tran s., other d rive train ports 
333-5812. 
*38.1111______________ 

C E N T R A L T I R E CO. 
7o$ N F L O R E S . 2165473 
*68 C h e v ro le t W ogon b o d y fo r parts, also 4 cyl. C hevy e/igm# 
Com otter 5. 732-3888. 
________ 
6 $ C H E V Y ll body tor parts, also 
4 c y l Chevy engine $45. 734-9475 eves 

174 U resti cam per, c e ile onto mud, I 
1 m ust see to a p p re cia te $1188 or oe*t otter Otter 5, 653-13o7. j 
U S E O 5th W heel T T ra itors 
H arper M o la r Co Cam pertobd 
34o1 $ W M iln o rV -9 1 6 M I4 
U tility Boa and H e a d ach e R a c k ! m o o . W ill C o n s id e r tra d e te r 
Sm all T ruck C am per to F it Toyo­ ta 
Long 
Bed 
P U . 
CAH 
B ill 
432-2887. 
W e B U Y A L L T y p e s a f T r a v e l 
Tfuller* C a n . M E L 924 55)4 
* ll$ Spartan travel traitor, d e a n goad shape. SH S* 574 N . W .W I 
W it,lr kl) f r o * i t Trailer P ark 

MOTOR H m m sites reit 

 m h 

A irstre a m 25' fully self-contained 
A ir, new tires H ove two. m ust sell one! 137 M onticello._____________ . 
A L A S K A N C a b o v o r com p ar IO’, I sleep s 4. gas a le c re frig ., g a s I stove, towers tor trove! 48667o) j 
1*75 A P A C H E T E N T C A M P E R 
I Cad: 4368489 
I 
A R IS T O C R A T T ra ve l T ra ile rs 
Th# choice of the quality buyor 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2771 A U ST IN H W Y 
655-o351 ! 

AVION 
T ravel Trotters M olar Hom es 

TRAVELER'S WORLD 
2417 R O O S E V E L T 
512 SOS I 
C a m p e r s h e ll, F a r g e , 4 m o ., ! alum inum , fib e rg la ss 455 8734 
C a m p e r s h e ll for L W B p ic k u p . I 
I SISO. 433o144. 
I 
C LO SE O U T S A L E . 1*74 
C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C T R A IL E R S 
$1*4 up 
’ 718 W EST 
A V B 
/ l l 39)) j 
7 o Coach m an cab o ve r, self can lam ed sleeps 4 otter * 4*4 7141 
, i ‘ 75 Colem an Cam per 
C lean, alt I 
I extras. CMI: 6866B89. j l l Dodge M a x i-v a n , I Ion. 311 engine, good condition, 
$375o 
, 534-8954_______ 
2JU M obile S to u t tro vo l tra ito r, 
C o m p letely colt con torn o* A ir, ce n ti a i heal, e x ce lle n t through- 
I M d. 7356814 
H A R P E R M O TO R CO 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S and S E R V IC E tor 
J D e n im C o n 

J 
817-773-3363 
J 

A 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 

1976 Troy#! Quean 27 Ft, 

Luxury bn# Motor Homo. 

I tor bolti, built in 
TV, 

 built-in vacuum ((toner 
Coll: 
817-773-3343 

B U N G A LO W T ra ve l T ra itors ond 
5Th Wheal* 
2481 S W M ilita ry *263514 
H rs: M a n -F n 96. Sum I. In- * 
H E IM E R C A M P E R S A L E S ta n Antonio * E xclu s ive 
C O A C H M E N D E A L E R 924-1)34 
T e n t T r a ile rs T r a v e l T r a ile r s , 
T r u c k C a m p e r s M in i M o to r 
Hom es STH wheat Trotters 
3329 S.W. M ill tory, W of Som erset 
Hobie to C a tam aran w ith traitor 
$1958 i-436 J8$7 I 435 274o 

 t CLEARANCE $ 
; 
SALE 

* I f 7 i 
MINI 
M o T o H I 

I H O M ES, 
G o in g at % 

* 
♦ 

A H T B X T R A V B L C E N T E R 
38o2 H W . Leo# 418 
714-5131 
_ 
74 Bougham M in i M oto r H om e 
28', roof a ir, toll birth L ik e new 
19o8o 4)2 511* Otter 4 

[Twelfth Page 
J* 
Express-News— Friday, March 4, 1977 
8o2 • MOTOT HOmg SALES KEWT 864-BOATS, MTO 

MOTOR Hemes sales pent 

Frame 
VACATION FUN SALK 
C— 1 
I 
— — ^ 
All Steel Fr 
& 2" Wall* 

1 6 , 8 8 8 

( f i s s i o n 
^ T r a v e l Center 

SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 

W I Troeel Queen, 3o t i luxury line Mo tot Home AO Hie uuwl options ort storxksrd in Hits unit, including Mkrowove Oven, Color 
TV, luift-in Vacuum dormer Coll: 
817-773-3363 

8o2 MOTOR Homes sales rant 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
SACRIFICE 
* 
DEALERS 
COST 

* 1976 Cobra, 29 Ft. luxury £ 
^ line Motor Home. Rear * 
* bath. Cod 

J 817-773-3363 * 
★ ★★★★★★★★★■dr-dr* 

Rent our tomtlv 23' Apollo, toper clean, oil extra*, tteept *. SJS-dav 
+ toe mile. *55-o454.____________ 
RY SERVICE 
MISSION TR A V E L C E NTE R 
13o* Auttln MWV. 824-3248 
7* Tioga ll. M ini. air, sleeps 3, 
8,ooo mi. excellent condition. $68oo 
*74-7133___________________ _ 
2o' 
T IT A N 
M o to rh o m e bv 
C ham pion. A ll tfe e l c a * * con­ struction. Fully contained, ho* e v e ry th in *! * m p*. old, still in w a r ra n ty . 
Cost of 
$16,5oo, tetl-$l3,ooo Mileaoe 128*. Sellin* on account of soinol arthritis. 
6o6-8875.________________________ 
Wont To May Motor Homo. Any 
Make 
Any 
Modo!. 
658-7661. 
*56-71 IO_________________________ 

**»SO. 1o73 C H AM PION 7o 
Low mileaao, senerator. air, luny 
: sell contained 
[[MEILLEUR 
Mobile Home Soles 
K E R R V IL L E , TX 
(1)757 43** 
73 DodoB Banner 29’ 

2 1 .o o o m i., oil extras, fully sell contained, excellent condition. 
333-oo7o ______________ 
57 Dodge Travco. All extras, new en* $oooo eves 34o-1855 

'7* ELDORADO M IN I 22* 
Like new, 8,ooo ml. 
TR AD E-TER M S, $13,9oo. 
LE M E ILLE U R 
MOBILE HOME SALES 
K E R R V IL L E TX 
(11257-43** 

*73 E X E C U T IV E 25'. Loo dedti 
513,5oo *oo-1734 otter *:p .m . 
‘73 CMC, 23', air. oenerator, load­ ed. Sharp. $1 5,8 o o . 1-538-2o25. 

EMC Molar Home Denial 
Dolly and Weekly Rotes 
P H O N E :________________ *41-7217 

MOTOR HOME LEASE CLUB 
L im ite d M e m b e rs h ip , up to 5 weeks use per y e a r. $125. per week. 27’ Luxury Motor Home. 
822 o859________________________ 

Motorhome Rental: Sleeos 4 $14o week 9 1oc mile. *55-2252_______ 
MOTOR HOME RENTA LS: Fully self contained. Rates bv day or week-*53-*to8 

Late 1975 Am eri*o Motor Home. 
87o1 mi. loaded, perfect, *58-7*97. 

Luxury Motor Home, excellent, 
'74, Vagabond 74 ti. self contained 
Cir, oenerator, sleeps 
8. 
1-772-34*7. 

197 7 22' Motor Home, sleeps 5. $22. day. 12 mi Special consideration 
*iven ta certain circum stances. eterv. reg. *55 oo9* 

8o4 BOATS.MOTORS 

Goad shape 
822-9523, 
$3oo 
13-2*9$; 

 em mots, wrens 
81o • Well! MMES SAlf 
BIB MBBItt HOMtS SAU 
SI? Moue Home Parls SWCIS 

I * ' A rk a n s a s T r a v e le r . 3$hg 
E v in ru d e and T r a ile r . $8oo. 
*84-795o ask for Lorry.__________ 
‘71 ARROW GLASS 21 ti., deep V, twin SO h.p. Mere., tandem Dilley troller. $3,595, *$*-74*o__________ 

Must sell, ‘73 motor home, loaded low mi. sleeps o 333-1773________ 

Luxury Motor Homes Rent. Low 
Rates. *S8-7*«1, *5 9 7 1 19 

RAHM BERG RV C E N TE R 
Exclusive Dealer for: Champion. 
T ita n , L ife tim e M otor Hom es. 
Mini Motor Homes 
2271 AUSTIN HW Y 
*55-o251 

Balboa 2o Sailboat with tra ile r. 
Bow pulpit, cabin top handrails, depth sounder, deluxe in te rio r, m ost c a r r ie r s , G enoo sh e et winches, electrical system, self- contained head, outboard motor bracket, boom van*, anchor with rode. Evinrude 4HP motor with tank, Saturn compass, sails- mom working lib. 15o% Genoa storm lib- ta il and tillor covers. $52oo 
349-2381 or *9o-7151 

H H P : 

41 M O R ! 
BOATS: 
RKMJM 
MOM glare aluminum IO' to 16ft. 
See popular deep wft-ride V- 
BOW lift mc* a t t o r n * , limit ed $299 rn lifevest. throw-cushion, line; 12ft V $279; IS' riot high grade $239; 14 $199, 1oft $159. 
Sc why gombt* w/ fty-hy-night mfgrs. ? 
Our 
16Hv vent 
* / 
RKHUMf, include .PROVIN canoes. 15-17ft. 
★ SMCI making 77 deals, 76 
STULLS: COBIA. GUSSMAN!*. 
RfGATTA. Compar* OUI uttro -luxu­ rious most conqriet* in history BI- 
BOARD or out. Our plush or plain stilt 1oo% MAMOU TUA hherdoss 
(NOT one ounce chopped gloss) but th# competition soys net available na*, let's toke him to nearest factory; at * win that bet 
$$. H you con t afford quality glass, buy aluminum dr Soo r to 21ft. NOW; arder 21- 
24ft COBIA for Brach 22nd doll vary or UYAWAY gets winter S i dr W 
$595 $59® Bi 

928 WBtCHAIHWg MART 

 a lrT o n d lu o n o r^ o ld s p o tT w ^ 
BTU. 656-6328. 
AIR c 6 n D: W indow, $15o. en, 
,35.ooo BTU Wall heater, $15o. Red 
■ SHO* carpet. 349-8282; 341-7914 
ALL M llS T G fil! Bassett Dinin* 
Rm Set, Like New $275. Ook Be­ droom Set Compt!. $89, 7 Draw er 
Desk. $39, stove $«S, Hide-a-Bed, 
Twin Bed, Chests, M uch M ore 
17o5 west Ave. 737 *595 1o-*pm. 
Antique grandfather clock. 3 an tique glass showcases, sec at 254 
Meadow Glade. Lackland area 
A ppliances cmd b ike. fe x C E L 
[LEN T C O N D IT IO N Coidspot re- jfng eroto r. white I* cu ti , frost 
'less, bottom fre ezer, ic e m a k tr 
I si 7o. K enm ore Copperton* dish­ washer, $ cycle, portable conver­ table. Used app IO tim es $1*5. 
Bicycle, Men s 2t“ , $4o 344-998o 
Aquarium. 6 mo old 2o 
Complete with stond 
5 3opm *94-25o9 

 to ga 
$125 
Ion* 
After 

ARMY SURPLUS & 
DAMAGED FR EIG H T 
Desks, swivel choirs, pedestal fans, riding lawn mowers, electric motors, washers, bunkbeds. electric land m anuol adding m a­ chines, wood trim , doors, sinks, lavatories, pallets. 3 nacres of item s !! COME 
LOOK!!! 
5o35 
Roosevelt, 
(924-8771. 

A STEAL 
Apt Owner must sell l l new (in crates). GE window heat-air con­ ditioners. Below wholesale cost at 
5355 each Call 349-5282; or even­ ings. 494 *338, 494-7574. 

PUBLIC AUCTION 
Gold, Silver and Precious Stones 
Sunday March 6,1:3o PM 
Monday March 7,1 =3o PHH 
At The La Posada Hotei lOOO Zaragoza, Laredo Texas 7 8 o 4 o 
OVf* I OOO lots Of solid gold nnqs, bracelet). pocket watches, necklaces, earrings, broodlet, pendonls, medallions, coins, lobs, platinum, sterling, rubys, diamonds pearls, emeralds, topm, tiger eye, etc., etc - appraised con- servohrtly of one half million dollars. 
HIGHllGHTiNG Severol repenter pocket watches including o ferret ond 
Berthoud, roilro*d and hunters watch es, Lucian Pieced ond lolei welches 
Omens ol solitaires ond dusters of mounted precious st o rs as - 
’■'•h V m eluding a lot of 8o cocots bag diamonds 1154 Kellogg ond Co 5/*1 armpiece, silver coms by the bag 8 oi man s chomlink Gold bands Belgians medots nom* id' You will be denied by lh* variety ond quality of the aesthetic ity of this collection 
HISTORY: Hus ouction represents th* lifelong investment of o Laredo businessman who for SO yoors, shrewdly invested his funds in the worlds most stable mark et-Gold. Silver ond precious storm Inspired by o recent U 
5 Customs Gold Auction in Laredo, ond serious health problems, he bos com missioned our firm to liquidate his possessions Although th# owner wonts his nom* withheld, his story is fascinating It began in 1929 in Cubo, going door to door buying precious items. Storting with only 525 one parlaying it into a chest! Before moving lo Laredo he spent 2o years in the. hills ond 

 you nome i 
(snout’ 

 aries of Mexico, living in recluse but buying gold! 
A 14-poqe catalogue will he available at $3 from our hem with aver 
1ooo lots aping »n lh* Auction Block, you will need itlll There is just 

ATTENTION 
IFLEA MARKET VENDORS 
W arehouse full. Must sell e v e r­ ythin* in 9o days. Glassware, coin m achine, shoes, used clo th in *. q ro c e rie s , o r ln tin * s u p p lie s , 
.flow ers, new and used lum ber 
Call 224 4**1 ar come by 294? E. 
Houston 
St., 
I block 
W of 
Coliseum 
? Avocado *reen 3o aas ranees, 
|AWO and $1oo. I Connerton* aas ra n g e . $75. H a rv e s t Gotd aas jra n q e, $1oo. G E re triq e ro to r, 
(Harvest Gold, 14 cu ft. $1oo Can be seen in Converse, *58-o394 
B abv_bed ond m attress, still in box, $4o. 333-931) beurre 2.3o 
Baby sw ing c ra d le , S tro lle r 
New 223-5*o4 
I T B ond W oorlable T v , almost new $4o 344 7173. beT D TTt'uTT'pT J~ffTT~Be m o7 kabtv P riced1 *53-4*19 
B id. Kingsize, never used, still p a c k a g e d , e x tra firm (W o rth 
S48o) complete $17o Includes TO yr g u a ra n te e and d e liv e r y . 
Usually home *84-8234. 
Bedroom T puree M t d il i'book" icose. In-’-as. reos 455 4981_______ 
6 id room sefs e x tr a c h e st, dresser, twin beds Crushed vel­ vet couch and chair, coffee end tables Stove, re frig e ra to r. Din ette, bookcase, woinut desk Love seat, recliner 333 *958__________ 
Bedroom suite, box spring. mot tress Good cond 824-7*21 341 o844 
Bedroom suite, large Coopt-'tone refrigerator. 3 piece living room suite, 2 block and white TV s. I gas heaters Dining room suite. 4‘ italian m arble coffee table 2*S4 
W Mistletoe, 732 314? 
_________ 
Bedroom Suites. M editerranean 
Dining Suite. Chinn Cabinet. Soto 
Bunk Beds. E arly Am erican Din nolle. Hutch. Tea Corf. Twin Beds 
Chest 117 S IU 
Beds. b I *h 'o sT T feifKe s 
T oy s'. 

 tee much to list in the media 
, 
TERMS; Cosh, cashier s check or letter of credit with draft A $25 entronc* lee per person must be levied to control attendance 
We ore acting soley os ogents, oil sales or* final sublet to consignor 
INSKCTION: IO IR both days until Sal* Time 

JO H N JONES 

A u c tio n e e r, T X G C -7 7 -o o 2 9 

J K A H N A N D ASSOC., 5 1 2 -3 4 2 -4 8 2 2 

5 o 9 6 B lanco R d ., Son A n to n io 7 8 2 1 6 
Hoke your reservations early lf you plan to stoy ot th* lo tosoda. phone 
.512 722 17o1 or AMIX-iXRRfSS for reservations 

Excellent cond. $48o firm . *73-7oo2 
(7 e fr ig e r o to r . s m a ll, old to shioned. bright red. working $4o. 
344-2894 
R C F R iG E R A td R -fre e ze r, white 
Frigidaire side bv side. I* cu It 
Like new $2oo 927 5827__________ 
Retriqerotor. apt size, excellent running cond $5o *53-8158_______ 
Retriqeroior $ *l, Stove $45. Din- ette $35, M attress and Box Spring 
535, Rocker $25. Chest 53o. Hutch 
S5o, Oesk 5*5. 734 *112 
Refrigerator, misc. turn. Moving, must sell! *55 221o 
-------------R E F R iG lR A fd R ------------- 
Westinghouse 5*5 341 o)8o 
R e frig e ra to r, F rig id a ire . must sell, good cond. $85. *53-425o. r ie trig e ra to r. avo cad o g re e n ; 

W icker bassinette, dressing table. infant seat, GM car seat, *84 9o14 woocnSTTT ce besii"5— chS T 
3*x*o, « draw er, $1oo. 4*1-77*1 
929 GARA6E SALES 

BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th FARK FKL 
SO marine years in SJI 227-2112 
9-6 p m Thurs Hit# 9 p.m. 
Closed Sat 

 a n n i a n tu o FMI Remote Cowbell 
Pl* *4 a* Dolors itqw o♦ 
KANDO! NAK IM 

 gig w * 
• ANDO! MAtMC VIK mom loboron - v W ; . K r (wow t Iv to the Sort Antonio ann 
*A NOCH MAI M f I IN. only joSnvn outboard Ooolm tkai 
AAA rovH m Snn.tr r vt iKn 
Soo4tw#tt»* 
AAA SCX VICI end 
• I In Svlvi 
Yew Cen t Im Av btl! 
So go* iK» bet' cho' roo roo iKn« 
•fr,. «A MOO I MAktNC and .avn on Hoot I nxttort anti tootle,, 
We 
>«P‘ Oven 

Sv. D v i OowWln** 
SHOW ■ ANCMX 
Veu've Tried Ute «et* 
Stow Try Ww USTit! 

Stales A Service 
T 5o7 W . Hildebran*! 
73 5-B 531 

WE PAY SALES TAX A LICENSE on tho Following Mobile Homes only! 
12x6o 2 BEDROOM COMPLETELY FURNISHED 

D e liv e r e d , S e t-u p o n d T ie d - d o w n 
$9195. 

1 4 W I D E , 2 B E D R O O M , I VS B A T H S 
(oven led carpet. Nock imitation leather livingroom suite, sliding glass patio doors, completely ctfrpeted Furnished, delivered, set up. tied down 
$6495. 
SUNSET MOBILE HOMES 
2762 S.W. ABUT ARY 
ORIN AU DAY SUNDAY 

LOT FOR 55' MH $4o MO 
LOU-NOR Mobil# Home Park 
241$ Castroville Rd 433-2o*4 
MARCH Special, Lot rent 
' j PRICE til 1978 
PLACID Mobile Pork, *58 OOI! 
M O B ILE HO M E R E N T . 1ooo * . 
G ivers 
$25 mo 
Near bus and shopping 
_______ 

OAK HOLLOW HW. 1*1. mo. free. 
$43 UP Pool Near UTSA, HOSpt- tots. *99-oo9) <>9o-854o.__________ 
9o1 BUSINESS EODIPMW 

2o' Lunar Cabin Cruiser, fiberg­ lass, in-board, aut-board, like new with 17 hrs. $82oo. 534-895*. 

USED RIGS!! gigs, Tri-HwB. 
V twn, 
B n * 
Boart, 
Iwnabowt Boot* 14-1* ft. 
A ll I t c e n f B oat Show 
T ra d * Ins 
$ 7 2 5 - $ 3 3 o o 
Open Soler day end Suwdey 
TiH 6 P.M. 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
LA K ! M cQ u e e n e y 
5 5 7 - 6 6 3 3 

NEW INVA DERS BOATS 
15ft., *5hn M ercury. $1145 
1*ft Boss 5otip M ercury. 53195 
16ft. SShp M ercury, $385o 
HH Elite, SShp PT Johnson. 5425o 
18ft Bass, 65hp M ercury. $41*5 
S A S M A R IN E 
Hondo, Texas 424-121o 
8 * Wkdys, A l Saturday 
ROCK BOTTOM P R IC E S on In voders ond Deck Boats. Johnson and M ercurys. Service and stor ane at the Lake. RAY S M A R IN E . 
Canyon L a k e , H w y 2*73 n ea r 
Stortzville. 1-894-211o___________ 
Sail Boat, 15ft T rim a ra n , W ith 
Trailer Alum. Mast. Main Sail lib 
$55o. *81-1181 
Sailboats Canoes, large selection 
NEW Sailboat Shop. Austin 
*o4 Hippie lid Molt Blvd. *54-7171 
SPYD ER 
Bo m Boat Demonstrators 
New motors, trailers. $224$ 
M IS Randolph Blvd.. *54-o38o 
DISCOUNT BOAT SALES 

•73 C A T A M A R A N V e n tu re bv 
MacGregor, trailer. Immaculate. 
$1*75. 824-9519 

Inns (M in Surplus 
Boals-motors-traiters 
So35 Roosevelt 
O PEN IO to 5pm 

 washing machine; stereo cabinet with 2 matching bookcases, must be sold by Sun. 715-22*3 

 p i trig.- Freezer, I * ' icu.rt.7 TToib- freezer, $225 3*1-o*73 
R e f r ig , fro s W re e . w h ile 
F rig id a ire . e x c e lle n t, 432-5373 ofter *. 
Rotor T ille r 2 *'' 5 hp used less than I hr ' i price $15o 344-4378. 
7* Roto T ille r 8 hp Stick shift 
Power Reverse. Excellent Cond w 1,o9 
Auger B lackhaw k 357 M ag * b a rre l plus han dm ade leath er holster. 
4 boxes shells- 
$15o 
141-o451 
Rugs, paint sp ra y e r, tille r. Sit shredder, *3o Adrian. 

Sacrifice, t mo o t washer-dryer, 
Harvest gold. loaded. 15oo After lpm 344-889*. 
........................ l l 

Annual G arage Sole Holy Spirit 
P T C. C orner of R am sey ond 
B lanco Rd 
H ousehold aoods. toys. bicycles etc. V e ry cheap 
M ar 3. 4 and 5th 8 to S. 
Bio Garage Sole; 3 Families. 
Fri Morel! 4, 23o3 Basse Rd 
Bunk B e d *, sm all a p p lia n c e s , clothing, books, and more 12So5 
Lane Shadow Trail Sat.-Sun. 
6 ry e r. bike, rug, cam ping can- opv. slid e p ro te c to r, e ie c . typew riter, misc. T h o r.-F ri. 2*2 t HOLLYWOOD________________ f F am ily G a ra g e Sale, lots of everything, furniture, clothing, all sizes, household etc. M arch 4-9 
41o W Byrd off Pat Booker Rd., 
Universal City. 
Furniture, Fools, cam ping equip men!, color TV, Yamoha IOO. plus other things. *o* Clower. 
Gar oge A Es to if Sn 11 " Round o Ii v cloth wood table, kitchen chairs, j depression qiass. old ceiltnp fans, j oak dressers, etc Fri- Sat only, 
M ot 4-5, 1*29 El Monte_______ 
Garage Sale 
Various household 
: items. IO -5 Sot 5 Mor 4*11 Five i Forks. 
1 G arage Sale 
4 fam ilies in io n j Pedro H ills , household goods, fu rn itu re, clothing, appliances 
E tc 
Sot -Sun 
M a rc h 
S-*. 
! 9 3o-5:3o 214* Green Creek Dr. 
I day only. Friday' 

Cav C a ta m a ra n , wooden l? F t. w ith a lu m in u m 
(S F I. m a s t. 
D avcron Sale, re b u ilt tro lle r, need finishing. 
*53-4555 or 
133-2121. 
3o' ChrisCroft with trailer, $19oo. or best offer Needs repair. Day. 
*48-oo73, nile, 824-4122. 
_____ 

Used ‘74 17tt, “M ako Angular 
135HP Johnson trolling motor and 
Dilly custom trailer. Loaded with extras. E x cellen t cond. $539$. 
Days 227-2255 Eves. 344 4455 

75 Cobia 2oft. Center console boat. 
135 hp OB. front canvas cover, golv trailer, excel, cond *54-o854. 
227 $187 
18 DECK BOAT, 15o hp 
Golv troller 
5429$ or 
432 3o42 

M ere. offer, 

Wiaht Porter 14 ft Soil Boat, sleeps 
2 in cabin, 4 sails, complete rig ging. cushions, lights, all equip and trader $15oo. 49*-4821 
_____ 

IOC - SPORTING GOODS 

S U P E R 
U D E A L S U 

•E T O : 
17'*6o', 7 bedrooms, 5585 equity, assume payments $118 month 
REPO: 
17 *6o . 3 bedrooms, front kit then 565o equity, ossume pay m*nts $13o month 
REPO: 
14 *64 , 3 bedrooms, 7 beths 
$695 equity, ossume payments 
$14o month 
REPO: 
14 *7o , 3 bedrooms. 7 baths 
$895 equity, assume payments 
$178 month 
AMERICAN 
; 
MOBILE 
I & MODULAR 
3oo4 S. W 
YIIITARY DR. 
SAN ANTONIO 
; 
922-18oo 
* RIGHT ACROSS 
TROM CHURCH'S 
TRIED CHICKEN! * 

MOBILE HOME 
SERVICE 

 dr TW D O W N S dr K f - U Y f U N G dr R O O F C O A T IN G dr IN S U tA N C f 
SOUTHPORT 

M O B I L E H O M E S 

WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

Now Desk from 
$99 fit** Im h 
ICA 
HRW ” Wn» 
* **» » •» * a'JHS 
New steno {hairs from— $84 
New brae chairs from $69.5o 
Also Grad Furniture 
ITA Jen Awe Street oz 
IN IO st Ctflefarg, 736559o 
AH M m Cm * and Corry 

■74 B a rrin g to n I4 'b v 6 4 ’ u nfur- 
1 ntshed. 2 bedroom ) bath. **7-149} 
2 BEDROOM Unfurnished. $4995 
RED R IV E R Mobile Homes 
_____________ *53-9751____________ 
9 

1'7* Mognolio double, 24*54, 3 be 
[droom. 7 both, central heat, air. 
Equity, ossume. 492-9251 
M OBILE HOME OWNERS 
Need a little extra cash* 
WE buy Mobile Home Tires and 
Wheels $1o Each. Bring in or we pick up 
SUNSET M O B ILE HOMES 
77*2 S.W M IL IT A R Y DR 
_______ 922-o54o_______ 
71 N E W M O O N , 14x4o. 2 b e ­ drooms, central oir-heot *8) 1373 
•71 PARKWOOD 12x*5. 11 jboths. 
I bedrooms Assume or refinance 
59Soo *58 9o53 eves_____________ 

Chairs, Tables, teamakers 
Refrtg.. Ovens, Mixers. Etc 
USED AND NEW 733 1292 
C L O S E D 
B E A U T Y 
S H O P : 
D ry e rs , 
C o m p le te 
S ta tio n s . 
Shampoo Bowls, Shampoo Chair. 
Othei Misc. *9* 8923. 
CLOSED DOWN J CAFE'S 
Scotsman Ice M aker. 21' Stainless reoch-in box; Hobart meat slicer; 
Refrigerated sodo or beer box; cash reg isters; tables, ch airs, pots, pans, dishes, flatw are; floor model gas fryers, grilles. 3 com­ p a rtm e n t sink w ith d isp o sa l. 
Many other items 
1*oo S PRESA 
534-582* 
Coke M achine 58oo Toms M a­ chine $45o C ig a re tte M achine 
$1oo 
Coll *94-4727 ofter 5 pm week d o y s _________________ 
SO 
C o lum n 
K e y p u n c h , r e ­ produces, interprets, and verities. brand new, 555oo *94-47*1 
Complete groups of office furni­ ture. Coll 8-4. 225-574*.__________ 

1973 Red Dole 1 7 'ill , self-con toined, air. 3-wav refrtg., 2 hold­ ing lonks, sleeps *. tacks, hitch, ladder ond lugaage rock. Perfect condition. *84-o*43.______________ 

 m rs m a m ie 
2931 Roosevelt, 924 855* t4‘ Fiberglass Bass boot. 2o hp 
Johnson, galvanized Dilly trailer. excellent, sit5o 133-o522 
I Sit. Bass boat, 125hp Johnson, power tilt. T ro ll m otor, death fin d er, big wheel galv. tra ile r. 
528oo 434 7o*8 
_____________ 
I TH Fiberglass boat ond trailer, wide and deep 
75hp Johnson. 
St ISO. 433-o7o4 

Garage Soh? 
M arch 4. R e frig e ra to rs , dining 
I table, m en, wom en and in fa n t 
Levi leans, boys clothing, kitchen h ardw are and wear, sports wear. etc Nob Hill I much m ore *41o Q uiet Forest. 
Leasing Office, 742* Callaghan, Camelot ll addition 
Sunday 9 to 5. j Garage Sole f days. everything 
Sansul re c e iv e r with speakers tor the house Open 9 to *. $58 

17ft. im p erial Cherokee, Cath# drat hull, w olkthru w indshield. 
I SShp OMC 
1-o s te rn d riv e . driveon custom trotter, mony ex tras, 538oo Arter tpm , *5* 5479 
14ft M FG Bass Rig, 75 mod.. 2Oho 
M e re ., 
M o to rq u id e tr o lle r . tra iler,.. $119$. Mony other pre owned rigs available 
__________222 9628_________ 
75 Glostron inboard outboard boot with ski accessories. llOhp 
Volvo engine *9o 233$. 
197* Glostron Tri-h u ll. 7o E v in ­ rude $3.85o COH *84-1587 

N Fram e S ond W 45 ACP double adion. Sole or Trod'- 494-1581. 

8o8 HUWTIM6 & FISHING 

2? acres hunting country. $545 down payment. 184.97 par mo Sip deer, turkey. Javelins On fence line of large ranch. Financed bv owner 734-93*3 
American Sportsman Club mom berlina. Unlim ited buntine, fish­ ing. fam ily sports. $*2$. Sell for s*.oo *9* o855 Eves. 
F IS H IN G , reach tanks. M edina 
Country Bass. Cattish. Crappie ond Perch 5)o day 333-4955 

HILL COUNTRY 
DEER HUNTING 
$275 PER BUCK 
TBT RANCH 
(5)2)3*7-5o*9. ASPM 

SA SPARTAN 8 x to . Moke otter 
Very good condition! *95-8)74___ 
TOP DOLLAR PA ID 
FOR USED M O BILE HOMES 
824-324o_________________ 924 442* 
W AN TED ' Used Mobile Homes. 
CASH ond FAST SERVICE 
CALL: MR M ILE S, 924 423) ___ 
WE TAKE TRADE INS. WE 
BUY USED M OB ILE HOMES 
CALL: MAX___________ 924-4225 
1973, 12x*5 2 bedroom, I ba*h 
C e n tral heat, a ir. A p pliances j 
I Make ofter *73 4o89____________ j 

 i I2x*o, 2 bedroom 1% baths, cen i trot heat ond air, new corbehng, j 
I patio ond awning, fenced tot, UT ! 
I SA and 
USAA area. 
$1o,ooo j 
*98 2o27 
I 
I 14x7o 3 bedroom, 2 bath, centro! h e a t, a ir , c a rp e te d 
$7,9oo 
I *98-2o4*. Financing available 
| 14x78, I bedrooms. 2 baths As 
| sum # p a y m e n ts , low e q u ity 
; *58 1783 ofter * p.m. ___________ 
12 X4o , 2 bedrooms Central air, heat 
Assume payments $127.7o. 
*91 1428________________________ 
14x8o 3 bedrooms. I full baths I ton air cond. washer, dryer 
I-772-1)o5. 
___________ 
BY OW NER: ‘73 ASTRO. 75x14' to 
14x7$ P A T R IO T 
Late 73 2 be be moved. 2 baths, I bedrooms, j droom. central air, heat P arity 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
HUI Country Mobile Home site, 15 min. North on San Pedro Only 
521oo. 51oo d ow n. $21 .4* per month., at 8 % tor 144 months. 
This one w ant last long. C oll to d a y ! 
4 *4 1419, 
347 18o8 
- 
LAKECRO FT R E A L ESTATE 
American Mobile A Modular 
HOMES IN SAN ANTO NIO. Inc 
922-7191__________________9(2-o44) 

D isplay Cabinet, gloss top. 12' tong, 12 drawers DOO 7 3 5 7537 
Electric Reminaton typ ew riter, leaai size. $275. M anual Under- waod, letter sue, 5*o. 732-o327. 
Factory Second 12x32 Port Office 
Bldg, terms, tree del *53-811). 
For ALL NEW and USED Kitchen 
Equipment and Supplies. See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co 
19oo Son Pedro__________733-o931 
FOR S A L E : in d u s tria l G ra d e 
M etal Shelving, Various Length ond Widths. Call 224-4141 ext. 41 
Between >: 3oam ond 4: l op rn___ 
For Sale: Linotype Model L with one mag. and * pf type mots, in good c o n d itio n 
$175 oo. C a ll 
334 1925, Pearsall, Texas 
FOR SALE 
48"x94" Boat Shaped 
Conference Table 82o-9o41_______ 
IO ti F ab tex m obile p la tfo rm . 
735-9)37, o:3o till 5:3o 
7 ~ IB M E le c tric T y p e w rite rs . 
Model D, S3 SO-$425 222 1445 

• LEASING 

Beryl s Mobile Home Center 
NEW and USEO-451-4941 
1*513 IH-35 NORTH (Setmo Exit) 
I '7o Brookwood I2'x4*'. I owner, 
: c e n tra l h e a t- a ir , s k irtin g . 2 bdrms. I both 145oo 494 134o 
Buy this m o rn in g , m ove your 
I mobile on this afternoon. Large 
H ill C o u n try s ite . 15 m in 
N 
Paym ents less than renting in pork. L A K E C R O F T R E A L ES 
! TATE, 494-3419 or 342 18o8 

Specializing in Business and Professional Equipment 
Save Tax-Conserve Copita! 
GLENN FOSTER, INC 
2*o3 Broadway 
727-o381! 

NO AUCTION 
THIS WEEK!!! 

See this Ceiumn 
He xt week far 

Double (stale Auction 
SAN ANTONIO 
AUCTION GALLERY 
5o96 Bianco 
342-4822 
342-4755 

Everything 234 D evonshire Sot 
All Day 
_____________ 
Beds. J single, m oi!’ ess and box springs. Like new. $35 333 *274 
’ Beds twin m ahogany posteV 
575 Mahogany tables 534 7 o 7 7 H hTT ftT 
8113 good rondi 

Electric hair rollers, stereo, ex- ercismg bicycle. Colt atter t pm., 
349-9)94. 
-------- Fl ee ~f y cie writer tW -------- 
494-1 SU 
| 
Excellent window F rifriiic h Air conditioner 87ooBTU 22o outlet 
$1*o Call anytim e 734-41*2. 
E xTATy'D E g T H g p " A i, Bro'w T me Room chucked full 
Hoosier kitchen cabinet $15o Rocker $35 
Buffet $4o Corner China Cabinet 
$1*$. Chairs P rim atives. glass wore Singer tredte machine 5*5 
FLE A T IQ U E . 141o W. Hildrbrana at IHIO. 734-8195. loam tell dark 
(F O b C R S 'A.r Units. U .M o H u 
5)25 12.ooo BTU $1oo, *5 * 1771 
19*8 Fender Jazz ta s s G u itar with case SITS. 735-3o87 After 4, 
S4t-466* 
I oft SAL E dresser, M m T 'obed couch, lawn mower and refriger­ ator 344 257* 
U t e . ----------------- 
Pool sweep SISO. chomspw HOO. I 
RH ties 55 es, new W eber bor becue w ith tea cart $1oo, polio um brella table $1$, picnic table ond b en ch es $7, new p o w er mower 28** Ort $2*o. ereonhousc 
$1oo, red iron stairs and ratlin# 
52o co. MSC pun shot loader SSO 
*95-92o*. 
I 
F6R SALE 

H a m m o n d O rg a n S p in e t!, J keyboards. 13 pedal, exc ellen t cond $4*5. *98-2o88 
H e a te r W all U n it. is.doo B TU 
Complete $75 *54-1773 
Heavy duty pioe cutter 
535 or best otter Robert *22-3513 
HOSPITAL Bi” D: ile a n In te rio r mg mattress. $12$. 714-o412. att 
3pm 
18hp engine, electric start 
S 

I-3149 
' 

Cali 

P Roto Ttiler with burrow at- tach m en ts. 2 M u rra y 22" self p ro p e lle d m o w e rs 
K e n m o re 
4-burner gas stove. 133-47oo______ 
Ic e c re a m 
J r e e z e r-b le n d e r, stadium blankets, alations, guilt, J guilt tops- punch bowl set. 
828-23o4. 
Junk $oU. 6 itr*!evcT TStr-Tie ro tor. Mag Wheels. Misc Olmos Pk 
224 Belvidere Frt-Sat 
Kenmore Automatic biskwo-.her. 

$115,715-8189. 
Scuba Gear, Posiedon Regulator. 
D a co r Tw in SSO Tan ks. D ept gouge, etc 4*4-43o*_____________ 
Sears Air Conditioner 14,ooo BTU 
517o. *582431 
SEARS Electric Mower, used 1 yr, $75 
G E canister vacuum j 
454-o2U. 
I 
Sears V »hp Aoto tille r, new en gin#, 
185. 
Before 
Noon call 
122-1414 
| 
See P a y n e 's C r e a tiv e t r o ll s 
N orthw est Center Flea M a rk e t 
Sat Morel) 5, Sun Oak Wall Tele- i phones. Old Trunks, Horse Collar 
; M irro rs Unusual Table Lam ps, 
; P lanters Stands 
W all B rac ket 
Lamps Much M ote 
" ~s H i 'K rg ¥ b is T R I(L U T 6 R — 
Call *54 o52* or 453-4329 
S h u ffle b o a rd ,i$ fi 
R egulation. 
Excellent Cond New S t! of Pucks 
5*oo ort 5:1o 921 217o 
Scio and upholstered 
923-481* 

T c h o irs n e w ly 
Floral print 
5125 
Exc Cond. HOO, 349-3o8) ort 4. 
_ _ _ 
_ _ 
Kingsize mortrass and h o lle rin g , 
.oia, tlexsteel. solid woo') con 
IO yrs old 525 337 4734 
(4) K irby vacuum s in box with attachments. *77 models Regular 
$179.95 s a c rific e 
H JO OO delivered Lost opt deal. Austin, 
1-451-778o 
Kirby Vacuum Cleaner with all attachments, excellent condition. r n m r 
Lorge m aple desk, $YOO 
7 bar stools SIO both. New Day bed HOO chase lounge choir. S it 499-152* git .3 
Large Plywood Boxes. i'i4 'x 2 '. 
SIO ta 
Central Moving A Storage 
115oo N LOOP Bd 
3 Led 2~. p[>un Concert tickets rn 
Dallas ga Mar. 4. 488-9244 
Loveseot with J end tobies nu i year old 342 1o89 
M a tc h in g c h a ir and o tto m a n . newly uphol $75. otter 12 I U 4374 
(U t i f 'I H p e o T t T C r f o -T 

: xtrg struehon, bord woven blue upholstery, orm covers tobric SISO 824 5o42 
Solo Herculon $75, vlnyi loveseot 
5*5, *57 1)7* 
I Solo s t)} Solid Oak Cocktail 
Table-Hex Table Commode $17$ 
Dinette 4 chairs- $75 *84 *55* ort 4 

SPEAKERS 

 lot# model 8'»?’ wide 223 8883 
Rif yelp lady s J* lion 497 2414. 
~ 
I) 
Black ond W hile ftiaoonoi 
Table Model TV $98 Hoop s U U 
Austin HWU. blinds Y w ooden venetian 14 «4 good condition 824-4/51 

B U S IN F lS ro Tr e T 
W 
^ ' case te le p h o n e 
Alt acc plus heavyduty charger 
415-o514 
874 11o7 
Carpet AusrctJo' rid : I W S '" ? T cedent cond $24o or best offer , 
*55-9724 ofter 4pm or weekends c k base, le v e e 1*4 o SSB with 
SH *o $358 Misc eauip *51 2515 I arter 5 im tm 
___________ 
<!hi*JA , N o r H a k e , w h ite gold etched, beautiful set Service tor j 
I SISO. *74 729* 
Clock, olid (V o )e rb u iy strikin g with calendar, carved case, real nice $225. 421-1879 r r s T F B — sm t u t g B i A " 
F cigipoire washers dry cleaning machine, water heater, sottner ond dryers U1-H2-3353__________ ( 
Coke machine. u p> "J I U oz bol" ties U H 224-8926 
C odec lur -o ' c German Mdilory 
Hems, WWI and WWD including 
Regimental Beer steins OSS 1141 
Color Adm u o' T V' I ti) f lc .k a mi 
Whtie Portable $37 5o 733-o7*3 
75" cai#*1 C M M 8 t V . go<Td f em j dition, os t*. tor best otter Cbnlact 
*73 34o4. t do, rvr: •!f ,"“K a u r .fuT P 7cTuT r 
5125 814-8788____________________ 
Color t V . YW l consol* 
5 IS lf | 
IJJ SHS r z r r , — r r , — r r — 
5 u i $ i 7 
M editerrbrepp console $41$ BO I • 
Quirt 
' 
COLOR TV $8$ ftetriaeraio r 1*5 
Both working good 974 284* c ouch ond r ~ u - seat, CM AfrtRgr’ ary black, brown, white Mer colon 
128o 453 9494 fte m g a e l i m f W y w O I C W b li 
Terms, Free Delivery 71l-5t7> 

Small size com m e r erat type ice m aker (F rid g iaire) 
One chest type com m ercial Coke box 
Both good condition 
C all 
511-994 3421 or S II 99* 34o1 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
Bent Steel Pipe 

Fiberglass Tubs A Showers 

Water Heaters 
Steel Tubs 
Cast Iron Tubs 
Sinks Lavorateries 
Many Other Items 

Good condition 54o 337 *752 

 m I T X I affecto r, M>m Pro, 

TaTe 

 like 

Oak 
Woinut. M etal E xecutive. ; 
Secretary, Student lorge selec­ tion $*9 SB ond up 
Also Good ; selection et F IL E C A B IN E t S n i l Baste Rd., >32 73*7 , 734 3o81 
IT 
O'OoTnol H o r I Olid Whifc 
Porlobe TV (reconditioned) 558 
Hoop % IS H Austin Hwy 4_______ 
7$ 
Diuqorigl Zenith C' JTConsole 
TV- R«lO"d.!iu.ied Like Now * 3 6 1 i hoop s IS I! Austin Hwy 
I 
D iam o n d " teose I c a ro t 
C a ll 
*84 4181 wgoSonds or aitor tpm week do VS- 
I 
6 Ic fop > o 4 " 5*6"T mo oid roioTTs tor 5/95. SOH tor S458 *57 OOI* 

224-o672 

F tench (irovinical t^utch top t i 
Wide, 525 822 MSI 
35 it M etal Antenna M as! With 
Guy 
Wires 
Almost 
New 
SIS 
715*311 
Furniture Appliances Jewelry- 
AH Applications app ro ved with required down payment. Coit Im penal Furn 222-2127. 41* Brady. 
I 
6 A 6 A 6 Y T A T * l i f t I p’r'Tnp 
Cleaning! J Fam ilies Everything under the Sum Ioam-5pm MAR 
14 5 t i l CORNW ALL. 
Gas v a n g e . e x c e lle n t, k i l l 
*51 3274 otter 8 ond weekends 
GE Kelrigeratoi i T i cu ti. White 
Like New S288 *58 3*53 
! 
Gibson SC E x cellen t Condition 
COH Art 5pm 342 1597 u v k v r r m r r k L i M don adion 
CPN *84-8893 efts- , weekends________________ ! d e li clubs Hooen Ultrudvne ll 
Iro n , 7 PW 8156 
494 2414 
I 

~ GRANO OPENING 

" 
‘ 
' “ J 
The CtoirtBce Cgttter tap 

 one ut taunca's la rv a l 
Furniture Leasing Co's. wo rented it W it se we cen sell it tor less 
Lam ps - SS 
Tables 
SS 
H eadboards - S II 
Upholstered C hairs - SIY 
M a ttress Sets • $33 
Dinettes $38 
D ressers - $$9 
Sofas • $69 
McDonald’s 
4742 Dodfl* Street 

656 6o55 
Mon -Sot., 9 to $ 
M osier C harge Bonk A m or n e rd 
Staring Terrace exit off IN 
3$,(Cross under IH3S, take left to W h irlw in d , left on 

 new. SISO. 927-3948 
Mini bike Sears best, Cost IJS* like new, 585 4*2-2414 
M IK E L L A T IffflK ''pl umbing fix lures, Coli 531-5847 

 ator Amana, 28cu ti, White, less than I yr old. Frost free. Other 
Extras 527> *94-53o3 
Must sell living rooom suit, den" bedroom suit, CB ond convertor, girls bike, lamp, misc 484-o891 slice ta rty American Couch ond 
Chair Couch opens into bcd, good condition. $75 227 4o24 
S S fS T ft'p W B -------------- 
Almost new. 5*5 *71-4*8o 
Oak Dining room foal# * choirs 
$475 7 coffee tables matching $3o 
* o 341 5*25 
_____ 
O ak f a b le f ib 
S e a r* A uto 
Washer, excellent 1*5 *34 24*2 

Executive. Secretary. Occasion al Upholstered, vinyl and genuine loather 
All beautiful O ver 2oo th e irs to choose fro m 
P ric e d nom SS.SO and up U U Basse Rd . 
733 7347 7|4-3oeiV 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
Everything Must G o!! 
DESKS, CHAIRS 
C REDENZAS, CU BICLES. ETC eau to see. 73* l i t * 

One Amber Color le c lm e r Newly 
Covered 
Excellent 
Cond 
$75 
*562128 
•gut O A VW V 

 insolvent iowa Co in process of liquidation, seeks interested San 
Antonio residents who wouid like to get rn on a good buy on Stereo­ phonic Speakers The speakers are not sold with a guarantee, but may be tested to insure quality. 
Stock consist of the fo llo w in g types 5oo G A R D E , heavy cabinet 
J-wov systems with l l inch Phil­ lips Driver SO IO mid range and 
Phonellic ring tw eeter with full cross over M arket value $179.9$ each, your cost $o9 each 
IOO G A RD E 2-way with l l inch 
17-71 Phillips d riv e r, ond 12-2o 
Phonellic ring tw eeter 
M a rk e t value $122.5o each, your cost 579. 
IOO GARDE Mini Power Column speakers with I inch foam relied 
D r iv e r , ond 
P h o n e llic rin g 
(w e s te r 
M o rk o t v a lu e $91.75 each your cost $51 each 
General Public and Dealers moy inquire bv catling *54 7o*1 
A produ ct ol Rvon M a rk e tin g 
Corp of Texas 

STARVING ARTISTS 
Your work can be sold on a con signmcnt basis Resort commune tv needs all types ol artw ork to display in a rt shop restau ran t 
C eram ics m acram e, p aintin g. etc welcome Cull LO 921 IS H 
St# 1 * o sol. includes AM FM radio. 
I 8 track topos, J mikes for rocorP ma, 
4 speakers 
5385 
82* 5775 eves 
_____ 
____ _______ s t 6 V f $ One opt size i i i each 
Men and girts bikes 
$1o $15 
I W H t jt . 
Toro riding mower, SMP, I speed 
4J* Orchard 
Tropical iith ,'b re e d in g angels', I clow n lo a c h e s , m isc b o tto m feeders *84 5437 i i " t W b 'lo'c l on«J"wKtTiT’W a g no vex hom e e n te r ta in m e n t; center $85 714 211o 
TV poriaUe'." workine good i i i 
( 433-o*31 
: t y p e w r it e r . l6*A e io c lric , 1 
1 Checkwriter Paym aster, 71* 1o*o 
- w n y 
? 1 1 m r m n r r " 
NO I 
..................... 1o4 t LAMAR 
I NO 7 
1o41o P E R R IN B E ITEL 
Fine Furniture - Fraction of retail 
I Used 

Patricio, Harm ony Hills 
Garage Sale 
African Violrts ond misc. 3o19 Quakertown.__________ 
G arage Joie, Saturday. Sunday, 
M arch 5 and *. M any m any ex­ cellent toys and games Bicycles, microscope Boys, girts, womans clothing Oak chair, coffee table, stool Other household items 5o24 
La Barranca, ort Nacogdoches in 
El Dorado 
G A R 'A g r 's T L fe h a d ro n \ 

Clothing, Misc Clothing 527 Mc 
Dought 533-94*3 AH This Work 
(5 AR AGE: f X T T T T r l Sot TU 
Elizabeth. Clothes Furn Bicycle lownsweeper 
6 a ftC fig 'iK C ife— gaffing R e id ; to Move. Clothing, Bedroom Furn. 
Household goods, tovs Thor Sat. 
Mat 
3,4,5. 
345 
E 
Summit at 
Shook 
G ifc A d E SALE 
'M .k - ' lte m s ilfl 
Biertonwood Fri-Sun M arch 4-* 
G orago Sale 
Come ea rly to a 
S U P E R g a ra g e sale 
S p reads, odds 
'n ends, lewolry. 
82) 
Virginia 
G arage Sole l i d s F' • »nut>ro 
Maple twin bed, dresser, queen sofa bed, etc *54-2998 
G aroge Sale Sunday tO -lo n iy . 
**33 TY G ram ercy. 732 729) 
M ulti tom ily Es tote Sale I dou 
Pie oven stoves. 3 bicycles, brass and copper fire extinguishers, golf clubs, divin g equip, sm all ap p lia n c e s , d e s ig n e r fa b ric s , I b u rg la r b ars. baby nom s and much m ore, all in excel cond . I r e a l bids accep ted , 15o7 M a- I rymont, * 4pm SAT ONLY 
Patio Sole, to ts of goodies $438 
Quoit Crook, behind M anager t office. Sat M ar 5._______________ ir->iooof'Q ioble. golf ch.os. dishes , cookware, small appliances, baby things, odult, child clothing; eof too tab le; gtass bunch tables; j light fu tu re s ; am ethyst rin gs, 1 m en s w a tc h e s , e le c tric b a r ­ becue; toys ond misc *1o* Rue 
Francois, ort Eyers *84-2128 
V A N 6 U L T i c ! 
M a r T - f 
Trium ph sport cor wheels. $4# 
Sofa. 55o Stove. $25 Dishwasher, 
$25 
W ash in g m a c h in e , 515 
Aauariums and M O R E ! ISI Hux­ ley *5* 1814 
VA R ti U 
U 
. W ed !Fi"r'u ~ go T 
Clothing, furniture ond Misc items 

'74 Higgscraft; 17ft T ri V Mull, 
SShp w alk-th ro u g h w ind shoild nylon carpet, large dillev trailer, speedom eter. Boat ond M oto r 
Cover Plus extras Leaving Town 
Must Scil l l Motor Hrs 
$35oo 
453-o9*8 

197o International Pickup, 4 wheel drive 575o. 1-788-2*9o oft * 
'71 JE EP Wagoneer Sportsmans car, auadratroc. low range, go anywhere rn comfort, air. power. cruise, looped 821-9*14_________ 
M a rlin 3o-3o lever action with 
Nikko scope, excellent cond. $13o 
For infor coll 349-8*44. 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake McQueeney 512-157 **17 
Open Everyday except Monday 
1975 IM P 22Shp in b o a rd O u t­ board, less than 12o hrs. 7o It. length Boat, trailer, cover. 1725o 
CoH *9* 8941 for oppt___________ 
•73 I * ’ invader, ‘74-115 Johnson, troll motor and trailer, *53-552) 
14' Laser Sailboat with tra ile r, 
5*5o Call 344-4788 

Special built dune buppv. 5495. 
224-8231, 834-59) 3 .______________ 
Want to Loose Lond With Stocked 
Fishing Tonks Prefer Northeast 
814-324o 
Bexar Cly. *53 2o4/_____________ 

 b u iltin !, cen tral a ir, firep lace, smalt equity, ossume contract. 
Marion, Tx 
D *2o-7825_________ 
Furnished 8 x 4 ] Spartan travel trailer, nice! $35oo. Cot! 333-2741, 
333 4847 
_ 
Heavier 14 X8o , 3-bedrooms. J both, utility room, Large dining room Like new! *8* 388$________ 

For used mobile homes 
924-441* 

 furnished, 5875o *23 59o* 
812 
Home 

Ado!' ond Fam ily section, club house with swimming pool Poved streets, underground u tilitie s . ta ro * lots, no pets- best m om taint I pork iii town. on S E. M ill tray Dr. west of IHJ7, ocross from 
Brooks Field. Indian Hills Mobile 
Home Pork 333-o83o.____________ 

819 -MOEilE HOMIS SAU 

IO O A R O O M . C ustom B u ilt. 
Sue, Ogfivery- Terms, 921-434* 
1923 Ammo 14x7$. J bedroom, 7 both. 333 8974 ofter * p rn_______ 
AH NEW Guerdon Homes have woedburning fire p la c e s '! Save 
85% on your fuel heating bill AH sizes 
BUCK IN GH AM 
Homes 
*58 2811 

J & R MOBILE HOMES 
New used, H488 IH JSN. *55 o47) 
LEON SPRINGS 
P erm an ently installed 1-3-4 be­ droom units on tree covered lots. 
Cham link fence, storage build mgs. concroto patios and cor ports. B eautiful country living lust 2o m inutes north on IN IO 
*98-21o7. 149-2*o7 
BILL PRICE REALTY 

CANYON LAKE 
E x tra ta ro * m obile hom e lot. 
$1475. 575 down. 84 m onths at 
$21 83 APR 8% 
COM A Jones, 224-23o3 

!! FREE ii 
E v e ry other m onth fre e fo r I whole yoor Buckingham Villope 
Mobile Home Pork *>8-2»H______ 

N E , Shady A cres T r o lle r Pk fenced, stor* room, trees, $37 5o 
Near Windsor Pk M all S24-S7** 

3 M Copymite. perfect condition. 
Small amount of supplies. 199 SO. 
113) Basso R d - 733-73*7. 73* 1o81. 
O pen Toe D is p la y C o u n te rs 
3o “x»o". Id eal tor any typo of 
Business, Flea M ark e ts or G a­ rage Sates. So# at 27o? So Hack­ berry No 18 or Call 53*-St*3 Mon 
• Sot Noon HI 7 p m ___________ 
REACH IN COOLER. 58oo Coke machine. $25o Com Air Hockey table 1*5. Commercial dryer, $9$. 
Call 77* ** *) or come bv 2942 E- 
H ou clon 
55.ooo R E W A R D tor re tu rn of 
Type S e ttin g . P rin tin g E q u ip ­ m ent, IB M Com posers, Fonts, 
Etc. $1,ooo tor mformotion leading to the orrest and conviction Gulf 
Coost Negative Service, Houston. 
713-578-1731. 
R rin o i Warehouse Heater. Rez- nor 17o,ooo BTU output. US volts, w ith th e rm o s ta t. $1*9 5o 1131 
Boise Rd., 733 73*7, 734-3o8) 
, Taylor Twin ic# cream machine, i pinball machine, pool table, some com m ercial kitchen equipment 
24* B l** days; 749 2o7o evenings. 
■ Boerne, Texas._________________ 
T y p e w r ite r . SCM o ffic e Ivo n model 4oo $124 SO. USI Boise Rd. 
733-73*7, 734-3881________________ 
USED 
5444 Disk Pocks $4o ta . 
I 333*o1o ext 23o Data Processing 
I Mgr. 
YOUR GUIDE TO 
DEP SERVICE 
E X P R E S S -N E W S 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 
TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

934 BUSINESS DIKCTORY 

ADDITIONS 

REMODELING 
C O M PLSTE FIN A N C IN G 
FR E E ESTIM A TES 
C I S LUMBER 
4*47 ROOSEVELT f?4~»S54, *7« 8>SI 

ASPHALT 

Gambier Rd 
93o MERCHAMDtSt WARTED 

T n lC u iK IT o p ^ o n c o s n F u ^ tC re 

A S P H A L T R E P A IR IN G AN O 
„ 
. . PATCHWORK We PO driveways. 
42o? King Crest oft Coliseum ond gravel wark. No tab leo big or too smaH Free estimates Call J A P 
ASPHALT CO *74-736*._________ 
Specializing in asphalt and con tn rtj^ U v g j^ O je s rM ra y tjm g . 

ASPHALT-CONCRETE 
WORK 

A I C O N C R E T E F o u n d a tio n , patios, asphalt driveways Park rag Lots Lie bonded 534 t**o 
All Typos et Conc ret* Work 
! 
R afoot, 924-7493_______ 

WE PAY MORE tram 
Estates Anything of value one piece to houseful Coil 
347 4755 Anytime 
Est 
1949 
Bu vine lot# model re frig e ra to r^ I 
It ectors needing repair 34116*5 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Soli. Trod#. Repair 
5377 SAN PEDR O 
178 2337 
C A 5 ii For w ashers 
K e n m o re ’, j C A L L 
V 
C O N S T R U C T IO N 

BEST PRICES. FAST SERVICE 
*17 3787 
CONCRETE 
WORK 
. s u m . 

 needing 
Whirlpool 
124 o319 
_ _ _ _ _ 
CASH tor your U-.rd Piano 
724 7111 or 724-11o7 b iA M b t fd r 
Williams 227 >/Q2. 15o E Houston 

TU BUY ANYTHING 
THAT DOE SN T E A T '!! 
CALL JIM LISTER 
*33 2*oo or t i l o34o 

Concrete slabs. Inundations, pa lip s . p e rc h e s , d riv e w a y s , sidewalks, ond asphalt 533 o*18 
Cement Construction Redwood des ig n p o lio s , s id e w a lk s , driveways. PU typos of flat work 
Have Irowol WHI Ii a . eI 53* 8873 
CdRcrpte. alt typo*, foundations, drive ways, patios, coit day or ritgrit, F roe j st 735 1)o4, ;33 74U 
Concrete brick and rock work 
Patios, drivew ay*, foundations 
7315* I t o r 4)5-44*9. cpu Richard 
Conc rot*, patio, wotks, driveways 
WPP os! J.G uerrero 9 3 4 7777 

CARPET SALES A 
SERVICE 

A -l C le a n in g la t e r a l. L iv in g ream, dining room, $22 SO 9x1} 
•POSO rugs 
SIO $8. 
237-1*8*. 
HS-HOI.___________________ 
U N IT E D C A R P ET SERVICE 

BABYSITTING 
CHILDCARE 

E a b v s itlin g 
In m y h o m o . 
7 )oom-$ 3opm. 
J-S y r olds, 
713-928*.___________________ 
Babysitting in m y hem *, lie 
N S 
M om o r po, day or night, 141 5171 
Baovsirtm g in m y house. B la n c* 
I Bd argo, 734-5478. 
O o y tim * ch ild ca re in my h am *. nice lent<-a r n id r eus 
828 3887 
Excellent ch>>d c a r* in my hem *. I 
_________ 
LIC . C H IL D C A R E in m y he m * 
Planned a c tiv itie s Castle H ills. 
Dr earn lond prop, 349-8418_______ 
Licensed bab ysitting in m y hon**. I day, wk, or month, 734-8115 
___ 
Reg c h ild ca re . V a le n cia E l Do redo prop, *55-3811_____________ 
R oe c h ild c a r e in m y h e m e . 1 personal attn any o a t NE area i2 L !Z 2 !________________________ 
I R e t c h ild c a r e in m y h o m e , 
Smos 5yr$ pl ope 313 14o1_______ 
Reg childcare in my horn* ag# 3 
I gnu up u t wk, *61 1352 (K irb y 1 
I REG C H ILD C A R E 2-*yr$ In m y home D oy*! 5 days wk tp m 7am 
Ort C allaghan on 
In g ra m 
Rd a tm _________________________ 

DIRT SANO GRAVEL 
F ILL TOPSOIL 

FOUNDATIONS 

AA Foundation. lH#u»#"l^ v # H n g . 
Foundation Repair, Expori*nc«> 
Ona Rgiiobld, 822 I71S. 
ACB CONSTRUCTION 
I 
Honest hard working For a bot tor lob, colt us. 3*9 2293. 11* 8938 

Bears (ragging? 
Walls cracking? 
All typos foundation r A a ir s 3o yrs experionco AH work guar anteed Catl anytime. 534 411o 

Foundation repairs Guaranteed work 
JO yrs experionco F r e t 
E ll 333-9164 
____________ 
HOUSE LEVELING 
THE IR ISH M A N 
JO YEARS E X P E R IE N C E 
Not* Never take th* first a n c *' 
331-FOS I or 
736-7SH 
Reliable mon to do foundation repairs and house leveling Solis taction g u a ra n te ed 
No 1 o b lo smaH Cab *5* 5573_____________ 

Satisfaction Guarantied 

FURNITURE 
^ F IN IS H IN G 

JANITORIAL SERVICE 
PLOWING • BULLDOZING 
EXCAVATING 

C o n tin e n ta l M a id A J o n ito n o i TTTWTTm h a 6 f t r t T T T n T W T 
S e rvice H o m e*, o ffice s, o p ts 
C U S T O I ^ A R D E r ^ U J W I N G 
*56 I >o1 O' 65* 14o1 

LANDSCAPING 

Clean lots. cut and level yards , 
>34 U U 

LANDSCAPING 

WE H A V E P L E N T Y OF U V E 
O AK 
T R E E S 
FO R 
S A LE 
1 675 9o21 or I 391-53*1 

A N D T ILLIN G C A LL *14 11)7 
I on7TTooIlMigMSn3"7o#7 W owing, new JO oquipm ont, any s il t tab, 

REM ODELING 

A C u stom R e m o d e lin g and 
D e s ig n e r S o re 
S A T CO 
824 7*88 A rter *, S I* o794 

In d iv id u a l w ith p le n ty oI roller'- onces No 1ob too big o r sm a ll 
A tte r « pm 4)4 5)83 

 a n d odd s gnu 

ESTATE 
SALE supplies office fu rn itu re id* lier 

Fur niiu'y ends $32 791* im m w b u t v t t b f r i d ? 
• iou term s 
Ire * delivery 
( l f s r 

 m a r c h I 
G ard e* 
, hand made item s clethm e COME 
E A R L Y ! RRC* W arehouse 
S pring* On OM F re d e m k tb u rg 
U s e d O llie * F u r n itu r e 
(toad 
Desk * c h a ir* , ty p e w rite r* , ad 
On* b ie jltp r r o n r a n liv in g rgpm i ding m achine* M ore! 349 2*74 

• JOE PAYS CASH* 
For used lu rn ilu re and w o rk in g ooh',mn es 913 8*42 92 7 4645 
TOP CASH P A ID 1*1 y o u r o ld i D iscount on a ll concrete rock o n * newspaper and corru gated A A B -1 " ’ ° ‘ * n r J 
J S * . ,? / * * 
CO 
Popor 
Stack 
81} C oral*#, f f t A nytim e 32* 8459, 537 5718 
434-o*81 ________________ 
I D riv e w a y * , p o lio * w a lk * , rem odeling ond m etal bldg* Call 
927-SSM._____________ 

AAA Or ode lawn and garden d irt 
I dav d e iiv 
O U O i t r u c k i n g 
CO 337-4148 o n y tim * SU SB and 
J E _____________________________ 
A. Bor run 
A ll ty p o * d irt s u rd 
I ' <tv*L T > *r i " o l d del 435 *15/ 
ACTION D E L IV E R S FOR LESS 
M O N EY. 
514-2947 o n y tim * 
*73*8*4 
______________ 

 fumiturt Reflnish 
R epair* 
Anhaue re tlo ro h o n 
E xperienced and reatonable 
734*525 

H A N D Y M A N 

349-4811 
H A N D Y M AN 
733 o532 

Jim 
W A N T E D 
A fr ic a n g a m e t fe oh io * A lto b e e r ru g * B a ll lo o 
*37 5125 or desk Mon F n >34 1o78_________ ( R E B E LE I 

D o u b le b e d w ith m aitre**, b o x * p r in « SSI 
S b d n io h o lg l* : d re»*er w ith mirror $91 G o ld ' BOH. c o lo re d » o ld , S*8 
A lm p *l now 
W f Am(J j p , o k# f IH loveseot S*5 734-8*34 w orts M d k* PWOr 4*6-4364. 

5 drawer c h . ii ' m 
J U l c V i r 

 irnnra't'lV *9o-^871 
^ i Z 
7 
* 1 
W M b 
D ry e r,'Id*, Slgnotur# ll !b I * J**’1'" M A J ^ w"i,? 
4K ite ile n t condition. 175 i i i HJJ 
Scape caaraot *»Aiz7i 

 cot couch, c h a ir. c o ft* * table. 2 n d ioblot 51*5 or wiM **H sepor I a t* *39-1o43 b i I’f B T A I P IH Fr ~ m o '!c K ine 
9 * 1 7 and 12x13 C ham pagne and 
G o ld 
U n ig u e N on T r e iitio n a l pa ite rn . Hand m ade in Tsicnxen 
M anner * y r * old O u H tu n d m g 
Cond M u** bo soon Retailed over 
55ooo Now 52ooo *56-4354 
T H T o n iT ' Wew B ■ :iu 'I le i* *75 8845 

P U H I PARTIES 
344 3833 
349 5829 
Fool f a b le '"6 old en "We *! "Lit c r od'o 
4 x> 55o8 *53 4223 
F a r m er w h it e a 
?*! 
' I loll- *95 8472 
R a n c h A lln k f u ll le n g th c o a t! ; m a tc h in g sobie c o lla r. *1 1 o >o. j F irm $1ooo ly r , 341 1939 
| 
R ange. M a g ic £ h o ! c o n iin u o u t clean electric |3>3 *o1 3>3o 
Ration Forcll fu rn itu re 
I Mated couch, 2 chair*, coffee t<j pie onp awd table, t u t ti4 -i*i> 
I R fllR M p ! I tre e * w ith -pig ,7>u. I j H ell 111-SUI 
1 w e'ceiV O F tiu n e w ith K e n io le 
5356 Whip Antenna w ith Eum eor 
Mount. SI* 142-4459 i r g D T f F P R T f i T - w n r a n r r 
I TATE SALB- IO *pm 
19)o * bar tw m bodroom endtoble* W estern sotebed and c h a ir, o v e rs tu ffe d c h a ir* , d in e tte set m is c 
5)5 
Rohm Hoed PATSY BUYS 

 t h i ' 6't t * “kTC t u r m w r 
C E N T R A L SERVIC E CO 
7o> WEST A V F , >34 42JJM 
V e nt a Hood, I I t w ide co p p e r tone 2 lig h t*, o x h a imp«» SJO att 
5 737 **24 
V IK h e p a ir Kit. odvortiked in no honql m a g a iin o lik e new k it ho* oil you need Reg $759. let go tor 
51oo 
Coil 
5 )4 1*9* arter 
J pm 
Mon Wed F ri 
W a sh e r, a u to . V e n tn o r* " good condition 5*5. electric d rye r 54o. portent# tre e n r 55o 433 *7o4 
W M gr la uh, ’iio o gal Heavy bug * gqiy SUS l l * 1o7* 

 sue H I d ry ** 'orid"vi#JIT 
5125 43* ZISS md hci d d in g gow n and h e u d p ie c i sue IO. $175 **» 3453 144 3944 

W EEKEND SPECIAL 
W rought iron 
Tub)* and ch a ir* 
R o t IM W eekend s>* *» 
See at 7)99 Austin Hw y 
O beli Sunday 

 jDeWeT T feT and ' K U T f o r c ti 
C e rt. 4 b u ttle * 35o, H p W ood 
Steel w ork Bench 5o I *25 5o22 or t i l l wheel*. While "Spake, now 14x7 * lugs with now G78-14 tiros, white le tte r* ideal tor sm all pickup 
*1*o *35 I I I ) 

W A N T E D 
C o lo r TV n e e d in g repair 
Must be reasonable 
oif->Q84 
W AN TED 
W orking or not work mg re frig e ra to rs 
43$ 5*5o; 
*11->*1o. 
~ We buy Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques G lassw are etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 

5 3 2 -6 6 4 1 
*53 J> 14 anytime *55-4*34 eve* 
JOHN A ROW LAND PARNES 
Licensed and B"<>m o b u y ers 
WE PA Y CASH 
For Goad Used Furniture 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
*14 Doloroso 
72> **t> 
We pay cath tor rifle *, shoguns pistol* 734 179* 
We Pay More Cash 
FPT th a i Geed P lan* 
That veg e re e e l u *m * P le a ** cut! M r Leon et 225 *151 

F IN IS H D rive w a y*, pa­ ne. sidewalk*, and what h a y* you 
No 1ob too sm all H R A M IR E Z . 
43* 7! 9o 

TRY MEI 
Low p rice * high Quality conc roto work Coit onetim e, M r Concrete, 
SE M ARLA ESPAN OL, 373 S**>. 

_________________________ 

BOOKKEEPING 6 TAX 
SERVICE 

For extra cosh, tell that outdoor furniture . n o w ! 

Call 225-1666 

Incom e Tax F r operation person p l ond b u tin e * * 
A lso. h a n d le boo* seeping and e ll asp e ct* et c o r r e ip e n d tn c * 
3*2 S p e n ce r 
Lone. 
>13 >117. 
69A8t*1 ar 
ZUL*_________________________ 

C A R P E N T R Y 

A C a rp en ter: In Need et Jab * tram P ectin* ta foundation Ne 
Job Tee S m a ll! F re e f it !. A ll 
9 y y g ."-ti« i 
’ m * 
• 
A Complete Maraienonce Service. 
C a rp e n try , re c lin e a ll ty p e * re p e n t. P rice* vee can o ile r* f r a 
______________ 
Additions repairs pamline Free estimates *55 84o) 
___________ 
Alt type* carpentry work 
Als* re ttin g , p ain tin g satisfa ctio n eo«' anteed 
No tab too small 
♦56-35 > J 
Q u e iiiy c o t a p a ir y w g rk , l l y r* experience 
F ree Est All work guaranteed IJJ 9184 

All type* dirt, sand, tra v e l 
Lenpfgrd, Merths.de H I 3448 
I 
A t ric h fe p to il. m ix ed learn. sand, a lt* lawn and garden ter hitter by lead Cow manure, any tim# IJJ 445* 
Bk L GI AN G A RO EN TOP SOIL 
Best Qualify, e l** sand lop soil m ix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A Y 
43S-9239 , 433-1689 
, 
D ili TopMfi Sand G ravel Loom. 
Bey Hendrix Delivered M i M f* 
Good lo p te tl d o lly lo rn 3pm 
I ( M M M . 
Even and weekend* a t m 
______________________ 1 
It, FEST TOPSOIL 
H NW, 684 4294 
LAWN D IR T H A U LED 
I 
913-644) arter I 
I 
Lee drag topsoil ond sandy loom, . below 418 on Somerset Rd to Hid den Volley 
We else deliver SII. 
^16 MW. 
NUW IS THE TIM E To put veg* 
. lablr term l*p *etl en veer lawn, 
(M I,, ti . o.u.1414 l f J 
Spec lo in e in rich lonteii. send end tra vel, o il 643* o il i l l * 
Tee Soil. G ra v e l D e liv e r and 
Spread 
MW and 
NE 
43* IIM . i i i i i i l ________________________ 
TOP S O IL , S A N O . G R A V E L t i l 'l iK . K I h " --------------------------- 

FIRE 6 BSQ WOOD 

F newt-,. <j br Ii uc k lo o d S p h l^ H 
Ona slur ted tor $25 4)4 e fl* 
FR E E FIR E W O O D need cham 
*ew en d trp ^k 734 **7$________ _ 
Cr OOO WOOD you haul. $48 card 
We Deliver. $$8. guaranteed lull card 972 *441 

HAULING A MOVING 

Hautme and moving with ptckuo truck *7 1 5**4 
______________ 
HAULING AND D U M P IN G 
Hgvo 7 
, Ion truck* 533 1 147 
Hauling, m oving and Ire * trim - ming, have f > iw f uck *73 $ i*u 
LIGHT HA U LIN G AND M O VIN G 
I grace ar house lull 
Day or Nile 
APT M O VIN G S P E C IA LITY 
* 5 9 S/OS 
MOVING? 
CPII *$9 1879 
. TIE REST MOVmC CS. 
M O V IN G - 9 y e a r* exp e rie n c e 

HOME IMPROVEMENTS 
M AINTENANCE 

ALUMINUM FACTORY 

G eneral C o n tro llers. H enry 
R u n and G e o rg e F o le y 
Specializing in nil typ e* of c a n e r *!* and m ala! w ork 
Driveways sidewalk* polio*, s to ra g e ro o m *, c a r p o rt* . b u 'a la rs window guard* and cyclone fencing plu* other home im p ro v e m e n t* Com mer cml and residential Free e s tim a te s 
C o il 
*31 9*28 between 9am Nim or 4)3 583) offer tpm 

LAWN CARE 

Lawns mowed and trim m ed Free 
Ethm ofe*. *48 5819 
Plant pros*, forth co yards, cut 
^ lo w n r to jF C o j^ ^ 

PAINTING. PAPERING 
PLASTERING 

A Com plete P o in tin g S e rv ice, interior exterior Prices you can afford *54-o14*_________________ 
A. G arcia Painting C ontractor 
Free i n im -Exi 73* 784* 

G ERH AR DTS SJI >1*9 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
P a in tin g P a p erin g . Sheetrock 
Window Glass. R epair*, budget 
Term * U U S Hackberry 
Paper Hanging Painting Work 
G u a ra n te e d R e fe re n c e * F ur mshed Commercial and Retiden 
•1o1 Reasonable 
Jack 
Williams 
3*4/411 

PAINTING 

A cam pit!* Painting, Doc orating 
Service Cliv w-d# **« *;*o _____ 
Arthur Painting Contractor int 
Ext , Acoustic I tilin gs 435-1)48 
Fro# Estim ates 
H A ND YM AN PA IN T CO 
Poml mg Conli odo r 1 51/ t Broadway 
*71-885o Ins , ref letters 

ROOFING 

T T m y T p e i^ro e T ra T T T n rfe ^ 
Coalings tor all roots Guaranteed w orkm an*#m Price* you con al lord Fro* est *54-o7** 

1ob right the first tim * Now roofs. root repair* et ail typos Fr## «*t 
,*36-1889. 
C lA K k 'S Foaling A R#m.,d*>iinq 
F re t Est 874 1532 
Z r A v e I - Ih in g l e ! bgpiocc or 
Repair Stoa Leaks 313-1oo1 
I i y r s Experience en ComposT lion or Gravel Roof R AM IREZ. 
347 781o LH 

SEWING MACHINE 
REPAIRS SERVICE 

2 T Ia to n T ? n J w *o u i^ *# ^ ic # ^ 
Makes Free rn shop ostimatos 
3521 West Av* . 344 9*>l 

SHEETROCK 

 n9 4 Ta ae H o o T rT TT, 
M o n te rre y 

 ip<no Fie oustn OI I ig I o ilo n * an 
-enable. 5)4 OOO# 

Nor in sid e 
P A IN I ING w ith 
PRIDE 
Free Est 87*457*_____ 
P A IN I ING and sneotrpck repair free estimates 22* 7o77 
Painting l l yis experience Free 
Est No 1ob to small Clean work 
SJI 8)29 pi 72* 9817 
____ 

" P E R I I 6 SONS PA IN TIN G 
Intoner Exterior 
Free 
Est 
413o941 
R oofing ond P a in tin g 
F r e e 
Estimates 778 7921 or 422-73/4 

Satisfaction Guaranteed 
City Lie. *55 7441 

P L U M B IN G 

A l I Fl ll/A h lh lfi i d 
, 
» do,-. low pf ICO*. 835 ( l l * 

TREE SERVICE 

T T T T T ^ T T i 
E 
4J2 7758 o1 

 im med 
481o19 uled ox id. No 
531 717*___________ 
— 
M V T C tf pl Trim Hopi 
U U FOLKS *46-9o91 
; Ir rmn 
9 |* * imed looped 

RRR, 

 slump* Haul remo 
22* 1212 att 4 

Plumber™ R epair* and 
[re m o d e lin g 
C e il 
R ic h a rd . 
7)1 5*14 or 435 *4*9 
6 1 W P lu m e in g residenlio! ond pummel etui ropuir*. H e* •» timates Cell *39385) 
-s im u m i B i 
F iu iu A fcR ? 
Rohdbi# Rondad 124 o)91 a i y r r y p i u M i T i w t u la w 
O V E R 
HK AO 
SIO SO 
Hr 
Licensed Bonded *53 3422 
Plum bing Recoils.' Pom 

TV REPAIRS • RENTALS 
Tiic KViMATrs. I 6aV4' 
Honest Low Price* 924-o29* 

YARD WORK 

TTmriWnTTgnoT* ng. ire ** trim m ed 

Addition*. Reasonable 
I 636 8619. 
Af# answer your leaky iou,els water 

 eT.ng 
Free E *1 

 r? u » fT !e » tr* heater*, any type repair oi new m ttpiio tion 
Texas Ftum bm * Co 
In t 
419 A 
Broadway Cell anytim e l l * 9*87 

C am m er 11o L clearnnq haul 
423 131$ 
S 

 ta e n A u b l* V o iim a n T T T o w T i ads Lipm Heal. G tn tro l dean rag 22*94*1_____________________ 
F r o fts n o n a l y a r d w ar 6 / Ire # 
In m m in g fe rtilizin g . Ipndtcop m g flow er bed*, tp re v in g of yard* irasonablo prices, 
341 5434 
Trot* lawns,' Hedge*. Trim m ed and Hauled Reasonable. I l i o n / 
W ill do vordw o rk fcto'sohobl'e enc** *48 3o38 
S o rg v in y ,' 'fre e ling 111 3)45 

A 

^ 

^ 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
BABY GRAND PIANO 
SALE 
CHICKERING 
BABY 
GRANO 
UKE NEW, BAIDWIN BABY 
GRAND UKE NEW, KNABE 
BABY GRAND UKE NEW, 
SPINET 
STYLE 
PIANO 
UKE 
NEW 
$ 4 9 4 
DUO-ART PLAYER PIANO 
REASONABLE 
Shop With Us and So** low Overhead 
NAVARRO 
P IA N O C O . 
I 7 o 2 N. COLORADO 
7 3 4 -6 4 6 3 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
2x4 S 'No. 3 YP . . . 79«oo. 
2x4 procut fir 
894 M . 
4x8 7/16 R.V. A 8. 
«lo. hardboard . $8.95 co. 
12 x16' smooth lap cdg 
274 ft. 
12”x16‘ rough toxturodlap sdg. .. 314 ft. 
4x8 5/32 mahogany woodpanoling .. $3.99 ta. 
Corr, iron 
$19.95 sa. 
12'/t ga. 2 pf. barb Wirt 
$16.95 roll 
12’ gal*, stool gait $27.95 
14’ gal*, stool gat! $32.95 
16'gal*.Stuttgart $37.95 
All TOP 
QUALITY STOCK 
ONE STOP CENTER 

C & S LUMBER 

COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-8556 

9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS rn 

W HO LESALERS 

SALE 

 freight Damage and 
Odd lot Mdse. 

Built-In App.-Kitchen 
Cabinets 
Refrigerators-Dishwashors 
Microwave Ovens 

SAVE UP TO 5o% 

1121 E. HOUSTON 
(S bitts eost ot Downtown Post 
Office-Parking ot reor of bldg ) 

D IT T M A R LUMBER 
SOO SEGUIN » 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Born (orrug Iron lengths to TO 
$24 95 sq 
1*1? Rough cedar lumber 
............... 55* tin ft 
Railroad ties 
$4.95 en 
Asbestos Siding 
$26.95 so 
Ooh Whiskey barrels $14.95 eo 

24o lb S/D rig . rotors 
13.9s sq. 

IS lb felt 4 sq .toll 
$6.49 roll 

Insulation 3 
94 sg ti. 

Insulation 6 
154 sq ll 
THI MONEY SAVER 

I Me$terChorgp BiinliAmericord 
W h e re Cash Buys at W holesale 

9o5 PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

Back From Rent 1ox12 F ield Ot hee. Term s, Free del. 924-5oo3. 

LUMBER BARGAINS 
Inter Wall Point 
$3.5o 
?r4 8 precut No 3 select 
794 
?4P lh Sealdown stung?? $13.95 
4i8 
COX Plywood 
$6 9o 
4r8 
• plywood 
$1o.95 
?4r?4 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 
ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
A loot 
$89 

"CASM AN D CAR R Y " 

BARNES LUMBER CO. 

12o7 E. Durango 
$33-5115 
9o7 FURNITURE 

ACME LU M B E R A SUPPLY 
! 
1oo1 Austin S t. 226 1437 
' 
U niversal C it*. 658-6331 
ALAM O EN TER PR IS ES 
HAS E V E R Y TH IN G 
TO BU ILD A N YTH IN G 
GOOD USED R A IL R O A D TIES 
D e liv e re d in Son A n to n io . $4 
Loch 434 493)__________________ 

LEPPARD LUMBER* 
Door ond W indow M olding. 2 V on Sale IOC, Solid Core D o o rs 
421 SO. New and Used W indow s and Doors 31o3 W Commerce. 

Monett lumber Co 
"Dependable Since 1935 ' 
Call o r sec us tor delivered onces 
( w ith in 6o m i o l 
S A .) on 
P R E F A B roo! trusses, e x te rio r w all sections, in te rio r p a rtitio n s, o r c o m p le te house S H E L L on your pions or ours. 
W HOLESALE 
R E T A IL 
4o7 N /o r rem ora, 432-7881 
NEW AND USED LU M B E R , Call 
H a rry at 224-6661 or come 2942 E 
Houston 

*U22 ~MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
422 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

314 ANTIQUES 
914 ANTIQUES 

AN TIQ UE AUCTION 
Sunday, M ar 6, 1:3o PM 
G a ry's A ntique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx 
Call 398 37o1 

• Rough Yellow Pine • 
LUMBER 
Good Lum ber-Good Lengths 
1x8 
19c LF 
2X6 
...............................19' ,t LF 
2x8 
26c LF 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
* 5oo Seguin Rd, 226-3141 • 
Save 3o°© M o rg a n Red B a rn s , 
Term s Free D e live ry 732-5171. 
Used 7x8 o o rtable bldg Term s, free del 924-5oo3. 

Antique Shipment 
Jt/ST A R R IV E D 
FR OM EURO PE 
4o FT VAN LOAD 
CHARLOTT’S 
AN TIQ UES AND CLOCKS 
2o17 AU STIN HWY , 655 6661 

AN TIQ UES IN BOERNE 
Short D rive N orth 
7 frie n d ly shops in our area 

Factory Seond Port. Bldg W ork 
S H O P "S fo ra g e 
12x24 
12x16 
Terms, Del. 653-8111. 

Chippendale C hairs 
G rabo Antiques, 7934 Austin H 

PORTABLE BUILOINSS 
6x8..$295 
8x1o...$396 
O ther sizes a v a ila b le 
Q U A L IT Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Heavy-Duty F loor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo Seguin R d . 
226-J141 
P o rta b le B u ild in g s M o v e d bv 
M organ, Bonded 653-8111 

ESTATE SALE 

1515 Fulton 

I Save 3o°© M organ P o rt Storage i Terms, Free Del 732-5171_______ 

(S h ip p in g 
D a m a g e 
8x12, 
8x16,Bldg Heavy D u ly Floor. Del 
'924-o32o 
S ligh tly Dam aged 17x4o G arage i Heavy 
Duty 
Floor 
Free 
Del 684-1236. 
____________ 
Special P rice 2ox26 Sales O ffice 
; Finished, 
Reduced, 
Free jDel 923 4346 
12x2o PO R TABLE BLDG carpet 
I'd, lots ol qlass. air, heal nearly new meets all codes 
S39oo 
34) 25o6_________________________ 
7x16 , 8x12', wood c o n stru ctio n , finished in te rio rs 
Boerne 
I 249-3663. 

HELETIOUES 
R E D U CED ON 

D ryers, 579 95 up Dinettes, 549 95 up R e b u ilt m a ttre s s or bo xsp r mgs. 539 95 

Fawcett Furniture 
116 Doloroso____________ 227 6512 
K a io lk m s Downtown T h rift 
Basemen!, New-used fu rn itu re 
231 E Com m erce. 227 6361 
LACK 5 Discount Warehouse 
I Used F u rn itu re ond Appliances 
\ 943 CO LISEU M DR 
225 7444 

9o9 PAWNBROKERS 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y A S E L L 
DIAM ONDS 
P L A T IN U M 
GOLD 
SILVE R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
J E W E L R Y "F O R IN S U R A N C E 
PURPOSES AN D ESTATES 
325 ALAM O P LA ZA 
226-1424 

— j M rsRegency Antiques irs B re n n e r 822-544o? 342-5o1 
5o7o 

M IR RO R R E S ILV E R IN G 
The Mirror Shoppe 
D ivision of Finishing Teach Inc 
112o P o rrid g e . 349-3689 

 i A n t i q u e V io lin by G lo P a ola j M u g q in n e , mad*? betw een 158o 
I and 1632. Best otter 
Serious in quires o n ly 1 924 6926____________ 

BESS' A N T IQ U E S 
I 
545o Old Sequin Bd., 661 558? i 
BUY SELL AP PR AIS E 
Best P rices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W ILLBO R N 
I TOWN A COUNTRY AN TIQ U ES 
I 826 2749 36o9 Broadw ay 735-2414 

Hwy 

D IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D 
W AY, 826 1991 
Slant F ro n t Am 
D e s k , 
F r. 
A r m o ir e B la n k e t 
Chests, Pine C upboard, Hooded 
C ra d le s , G ra n d fa th e r C lo c k s , 
Four-P oster Bed, Fr D ining T a­ ble and C h airs. B askets, B rass ond Pewter. Etc. 

Continental Shows, Lid 
ANTIQUE 
SHOW A: SALE 

SAN ANTONIO 

Convention Center 

S. Alamo & Morket 

MARCH 4 -5 -6 

Fri., Sat. 1-9 P M. 

Sun. 1-6 P.M. 
I Paid Admission 
Good For All 3 Days. 
NATION’S TOP 
DEALERS 

Before You Buy... 
, 
VISIT DACBERT’S 
DISCOUNT WEEK - PRICES SLASHED on Pianos • Organs - Guitars - Drums 
All Knabe Pianos...................................................... 2o% Off 
New Kimball Whitney Piano, Reg. 
.Reduced to $888 
Kimball model 3oo Organ, Reg. j LAY?. . . Reduced to $1195 
Kimball Grand Piano, Reg. 
Reduced to $2198 

P l ijT* Et ET P T 2 C 
Ask About our R ont-to-O wn Pion m rr%, 
KaP I n Bm I i r 
No down p o ym tn t-n o obMgatien 
SHOP ow New Northside Store and Save 
5235 WALZEM RD. - 6 5 4 -6 6 6 1 
Old Southside Bargain Store 
14oo Nogalitos - 223-61 51 

Express-News— Friday, M arch 4, I 9 77 
Thirteenth P a ge 

DOGS— PETS 

938 DUGS CATS BIROS-PFTS 
938 DOBS CATS BIRDS PETS 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
Moles, fem ales, shots 342-7o3o 
B e a u tifu l, lo va b le 7 wk old p u r ebred D o berm an P uppies. O nly good homes need apply 822 7681; 
824-7396, 826 67o1 att 6 
A A -A K C Shih T iu pups, m ales, females, shots. 655-5o34 
A A D O R A B L E B A R G A IN AKC 
Y o rkshire T e rrie r M ole Puppy 
655-5o34 

BLACK AN D TAN AKC G erm an 
Shepherd Puppies. 628 13o2 
BORDER C O LLIE S P uds A R F 
Reg 51oo 649-1224. 
Adorable AKC Y o rkie Puppies 
534-1655 
C h a m p io n S ire d w’ e im a r o n e r 

A ffe c tio n - P r o te c tio n 
B lo o d 
Hound-Germ an Shepherd h yb rid cross pups 12 wks 1-751-2679 
Ch Bred Tiny UKC Toy Fox Ter­ rie rs. Fox T e rrie rs. 661 38o7 

• AKC AFG H AN S " 
Top q ua lity 
698-27o8 
C H O IC E A ke P e kin g e se oops, 
7wks $85, 684 o178. 

•AKC A FG H AN S " 
Pups • Stud Scrv. • 344-728o Oft 6 
Dachshund hupnies 8 wks 
684 3o59 
2 left 

AKC AFGHANS 
Doberm an Pinscher male. 2 yrs. 

 iv 
-------- 

94Q LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 

92o CAMERA PHOTO EQUIP 

35 m m M innita SRT 1o1, com plete with cose, strobe flash, used very ! little 52oo. For into* coll 349 6644. j 
Sub m in ia tu re , M in o lta spy cam era w ith autom atic exposure m eter full set of lenses, fille r sci i and cube gun 515o to ta l v a lu e , m ust sacrifice 58o or reasonable 
Otter 821 7915 

Show, Pct_______________ 655 5796 
AKC AFGHANS, Champ Lines 

 z . 
ORGANS 

HAMMOND 
RoDGFRS 

PIANOS 

(VT RHI 
KAWAI 
(ARLT NII SON 

Ake. Basset fem ale ?2mos beau 
•SS tl>ul tri-color. 735-6914_______ 
—. AKC Buff Cocker Spaniel Puppies 
SS Ch Blooanne 5125 658 68oo a lte r 5 a — p m 
S n 
AKC CO LLIES. 51oo 
~ 

A -H A LE T R A I L E R S j 
Horse Sleek and Gooseneck 
For Sole? G er'm oV Shepherd Pup 
New ond Used; for Sole or Rent 
Also teed B a rrels w ith Lids 
SLIM P O IL CO OH IH 37 
6o4 
C arolina niles 
____________ 344 7215________ 
A L L GOES 4 horses plus 2 horse 

422 iah 5 
J re 

I r or sole Jim Houston Assoc. Sod die, like new, 1-257 8544 K e rrv ille 
N u b ia n M ill* G oats. 

 frier Puppies 

661 38o7 
AKC CO LLIES , Ch Sired 

 pies and M ixed 
532-7916 
T R E E i I y r old m ale cal I m ixed ,S33' S' S' breed dog 8o19 Q uirt 
F P F C S M A IL B L A C K M A L E 
DOG 623-1597 
F ull blooded G erm an Shepherds for sale, 734-387? 

 tra ile r. 696-1866 

 bloodlines. 
Boerne 

623-4511 

922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS s 
New From $495 

Used From $195 

425 N Mom 
.224-5526 

Wonderland 
.732-8259 

North Star 

Cutqlass, crysta l, china. French 
H a vila n d d in n e r se rvice lo t 12. 
Linens, a p p lia n ce s, some fu rn i- 
1 lure, etc. Starts Saturday. M ar. 5, 
9-5. 
French A rm oire 
Corset back W alnut Rocker 
ANTIQUE CO TTAGE, 5o8 Polios 

G A S L IG H T A N T IQ U E S 
•1525 MC 
CUL LOUGH 
227 48o3 

LENO X bone china, 12 place set ting plus 12 luncheon plates ond sauce bowls 56oo Tuxedo pattern, oil perfect 55oo 494 715o. 

2 Ohio Dealers 
2o CASES OF 
AN TIQ U E JE W E LR Y 
POCKET W ATCHES 
A N W Q U t DOLLS 
C O LLE C TA B LE TINS 
CHINA 
S A Convention Center 
MARCH 4 5-6 
Continental Shows LTD 

— 
AKC D A LM A T IO N PU PP IES 
SS 655-3693 349 5815 
” ” AKC E n g lis h S p rin g e r Spaniel mmm pups, cham pion sired, shots, ex 
■ » eel quality, 8 wks old, show, pet, 
SS hunt, reasonable 
735-1618 or 
_ 
924 8146_________________________ 
G erm an S horlhaired Pointer 
344-o248 
_ _ puppies 8 wks shots, worm ed. 

— i i i i i i i i Ti i f — 474 69o3 r r 
I I I 
I I I l l H i l l I i i l l * SS AKC G erm an Shepherd Puppies. 
P ^ 7 *.-y App B o o s te r; 45o w a ft H .n-tl rJ '.l.£ h- BJ 9? ^l,,,e 
- am p., 4 ohm , 5175, 684-5653. 
A K C G re a t Done pups. F aw ns 
PIANOS R E N T E D-Option to Buy 
V ? o . Ter,tP-. .923 6194____________ 
NO L IM IT E D T IM E 
AKC G reat Done, Black fem ale, 
13 mos 51oo Black and tan tov 
Dacbert s Music Plaza 
Poodle, 525 663-5251 

5235 W A LZ E M °R D 
I m 112! A K C 
H A R L E Q U IN 
G R E A T 
5235 W A LZ E M RO 
654 6661 DANE PU PP IES . 648 1263_______ 
AKC IR IS H S e tte rs C h am p ion 
Bloodlines. 492-1122. 

AM E R IC A N CANCER SOCIETY 
OPEN HORSE SHOW 
________________________________ , M arch 18, 19 ond 2oth. M arch 18 
G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p p ie s ? stortin g 7 p m all roping events, m ales 2 tem tor sole 674 35o6 aft Judging events startin g 8 a rn. on 
2 3o p.rn sal M ur. !9lh. Judges: M r M ike 
G e rm a n S h o rtb n ire rt P o in te rs , Hughes of Dallas, Tx and M r. G ill 
Ch Sired E lm endorf 1-393 6754 
S w *’ *«*1 o * .p u '* h ° k 
Trophy Saddles to high point win- 

F o r Safe. quality 
I-249-3663.__________ _______ 
FOR S A L E R e g 5 y r o ld ’ 
Sim m enlal ’ i H e re fo rd H igh fe r­ tility G entle B u ll, S ire d by B is ­ m a rk 
B u ll has s e v e ra l fu tu re breedinq se rvice y e w s . S elling tor only 575o because o ff-S prinq 
H e ife rs have re a ch e d b re e d in g age. 658-2981. 
For Sale 2 Top Q uality Reg. Gen 
Ile G ray B rahm an Bulls. 6 y rs and 
8 y rs old 
Both lig h tly used on 
Req herd F e rtility Test p ro vid ed Your Choice 5125o ea. 695-8283 
C real c>anes Reg. Lowest prices ner |n each age group. High Point 
G entle B la c k m o re , good w ith rn town, 922 2o86, o ft 12 noon. 
1 
- 
- 
*■■■•• 
— 
* - * * - - 
------ 

G R E A T D A N E S 
Champion sired I 755 4696 
H a il A la ska n H u sky 
H a lf G er 

W inner of Show o 2 horse tra ile r 
!courtesy of Shmo Oil Co and Hale 
T railer Co. All proceeds going to the A m e ric a n C a n ce r S o cie ty 
Bexar Co. Sheriffs M ounted Posse 

 c h ild re n . Toke best o tte r. C a ll 
656-ooo6 after 6 3o 

HAY D elivered 
1-685-3361, I 997-3767 m an Sh^p"herds” s4s'-fSV Shots, A rena T il S al Foster Road. For h a y FOR S A L E , H e g a ri 6ooo guaranteed heady. 1-379-oo12. 
I «nto 337 3756. 
I bales 
1 449-1356, 
1-449 1591. 
Giveable p a r! Shepherd and p a rt (A p p a lo o sa G e ld in g Reg 
5 
I Collie, 
2' *yrs. 
656-4344 
__________________________ 
1-449-5721. a fte r W hite w ith B la ck spots. G entle H a y g ra re r. F e rtiliz e d , no ra in 
5:3opm 
'54oo. T r a ile r 2 w h e e l c u sto m 
2 m a le Ch 
B lo o d lin e S h e tla n d Quick Sale 5375. I 755-81o3------------ 
Sheepdogs (Shelties) 2' ? mos all Appaloosa m ore , due to fo a l in shots. Pedigree 1-625-6324. 
N eed S tud S e rv ic e to r G re a t 44.3, 
' .1 

A p ril, 535o 
Goats 52o to 54$. 

Dane, no papers. 924-4o54 

SAVE to'/? OFF 
A LL BRANDS 
: : c o . 
41o N 
M AIN 

OPA'S A N TIQ UES 
22o3 S H a ckberry 

PRICES R E D U CED ON LARGE 
STOCK OF ANTIQUES 
Fine A ri, R eoairs-A ppraisals For 
Both insurance and Estate 
, 
2716 M CCULLOUGH 
734 3796 
It you have A n tiques, J e w e lry . 
D ia m o n d s , S te r lin g , G o ld o r 
O riental Rugs to sell, yo u 'll gel the 
.B e st P ric e fro m San A n to n io ’s 
Finest Shoo 

P H IL M ORAN 734 5668 
A P PR AIS E BUY SELL 
LIC E N SE D EST AT F 
LIQ U ID ATO R R E FE R E N C E S 

Q U E E N S A N TIQ UES 
28o9 F re d e ricksb u rg 
H o urs- 9-5 
TA IL EN D ANTIQU ES 
Square Ctowteet Table 
H A TTIE S A t t i c in Colonies Not lh M ull 
THE------------------------------------------------ 
Different Drummer 
Antiques-Accessor ies-CoMec tables 
1o2o TOW NSEND, 826 3764 
ALAM O HEIG HTS 

A llo s a x o p h o n e , 5125 
G ib s o n 
OS JJS best offer 434-16o5 
B A ID W IN ORGAN (6 rg o Sonic 
56R) 
696-4866 

Sell to oav storage, Baby G rand, low 5795 U p right, new keys. 5395 
494-1292 

924 NURSERIES, G48i)FW 

G arden tille r, 8HP 4 speed, like new 5295 I 42o 2542_____________ 
G ree nhouse. F re ig h t, D a m ag e, 
Terms, tree del 924-5oo3 

928 MACHINim IDOLS 

B e l^ a n d e r ^ ^ w ts m m r ^ la C k 

AKC Irish S eller Pups 
____________ 655 9192____________ 
A K C 
Ir is h s e lle r p u p p ie s , worm ed, shots, 658-8448_________ 
AKC Iris h S e tte r P u p p ie s For 
Sale SSO Call a tte r 5 331 3618 
S F rT A B R A b b R -p u P S ------- 

B a b y C a lv e s 53o 55o 
G ra s s 
Calves 56o-511o. 922 8449________ 
B'ankenship B rahm an Ranch 
Reg B rahm an Bulls, very gentle 
512 824 9773, 627 2281 
N E K I M I ELKHOUNDS 
B,„hmun 
AKC puppies CH .sued CM dam ,|* r o £,m an_ 
?.« ,,£ 1 ’ 
B e a u tifu l p e d ig re e E x c e lle n t I Stockers, P oirs. 648-119? watch dog Stud service, 655-2445 

Ch lines. 585. 826.3393 
AKC LH A sb APSO PUPS ' 
Also STUD SERVIC E 344 8ooo 
AKC N orw egian E lkhound Pups. v e ry re a s o n a b le , m a le s o n d 
I temples. 684-2272________________ 
AKC P e kin g e se P u p p ie s 7 w ks 
585 658 1o66_____________________ 
AKC Req Basse) A v a ila b le to r 
Stud Service 674 26o8 
AKC Reg N orw egian E lk h o u n d ! mos, housetrained $5o 69o 8197 

To Sell your Antiques 
ONE AND A LL i H ere's the num ber fo r you to call j 
633 26oo, 633-o34o (cash paid) 
I __________ JIM LISTER__________ 
W A fG H TH IS SPACE FOR ES 
! T A T E 
S A L E 
B E G IN N IN G 
M ARCH 5 

312-FLEA MARKETS 

SAN ANTO NIO S 
L a rg e s t indoor 
FLEAMARKET 
E ve ry Solurday-Sundav 
N orth West Shopping Center 
36oo Block F re d e ricksb u rg Rd 
Back Side of Center 
FOR INFO or R E SE R VA TIO NS 

341-7337 

918 COiHIS & JEWELRY 
T T T T T T r ^ T d R in g p e a r j shaped, good color, m ust sell M r 
Barnes 653 2991 
D octor's Investm ent G roup is in 
1 teresicd in buying coins, stamps, 
I rolls, proofs, gold, F ra n klin M ints, 
1 els. Contact Dr yogi 736 7o7*7 
G uard Ring Wedding Set I c o ra l d iam ond 54oo, was 5617 924-3147 
W AN TED 
One lo a Three C o rol 
Diam ond a ll t 6X4 11HI 

92o CAMtBft PHo1o tUUIP_ _ 

Connon TX w ith Lens ond peres sones 525o 494 ISSI 

C hiekprina Piano 9 yrs. old, per feet cond 58oo C o ll: 1-537 4481 a tte r 5. 
C R ITC H ETT PIAN O CO 
No Tim e L im it on Rentals 
R ental P urchase Plan 
19o7 w W oodlawn________734 4217 
DOBRO R e sonoior G u ita r, t9^9 m odel, 545o. Gibson F-5 M andolin copy, excellent, SHOO. Stratocos te r, m aple neck, tre m e lo , $225 
C u sto m m a d e F e n d e r G u ita r. 
52oo A ll w ith cases, professional trades considered 
342-712o anytim e_________________________ b i urn and bell set for beginning student Used I mo 5125 6S6 3969 
H oward combo organ, alam o and 
Sears amps, 53oo oil 923 783o 
Large Selection of A ntiuue 
P L A Y E R PIANOS 
FO G A ID A S 
A U TO M A TIC MUSIC CO 
28o6 N Flores___________ 733 1546 
Law tey O rgan. Genie m odel Au lo rh y th m , 2 k e y b o a rd , m o n y athel features. 575o 655-1759 
O R G A N , L o w ry H o llid a y wilt? 
G E N IE 
M odel 3 T L O K SA 
Less th a n I y r. old 
Cost 538oo 
Sell 
524oo 736 3789 

3 and 
Decker finishing sonder 
34) o 4 5 1 --------------------------- 
-------------------------------------------------------- zssrA M C 8am o yeU s»92239t3 
655-21o1 or 651-6228 
AKC Shellie Puppies 585-5135 
CAT CR Pi L LAR OOZER D-5 For ____________ UU?.9'_____________ 
Sole. Like new, only 12oo hours 
AKC SHIH TZU PU PP Y 
Coll 1-713 488 4484________________ 52oo____________________ 696 7698 
Cat 95SL T ra x c a v a lo r w ith R ipper AK C Show Q u a lity D o b e rm a n 
P u ppie s l l w ks, R e d-T an. B lk 
Tan 922 17oo, 92*6326 
AKC tin y Tov Poodles 
657 o383____________ 
AKC Tov Poodle puppies S ilver beige m ole a) stud 653-o322 
AKC White Fem ale G erm an she pherd 4 yrs 533 85o7____________ 
AKC Y o rkic Puns. Stud Service 
________ 735-6851, 734 27 )o________ 
ALASKAN M alam ute m ole 3 wks 
52oo 344 5356 

 and canopy Just 216 hours since new 545,ooo. 623-2331, 675 2233 
D ITC H W IT C H , 18 hp. 515oo Or bes) offer 681 3169______________ 
D ra g lin e fo r sale H e a vy D u ly 
B ucyrus 3o-8 Like new, only 1ooo hours. 6o' Boom, l ' j yo rd bucket 
Call 
I 713 488 4484______________ 
G U N IT E m a c h in e (o r b u ild in g sw im m ing pools 555oo G arbage d isp o sa l tru c k $42oo 
5oo Case tra c to r 545oo, w ith 6 y a rd hy hi aulic scraper $3ooo Bock hoe 
55ooo 
A ir C o n d itio n e d O ffic e 
B udding 518oU Coll 224 6661 or 
Come by 2942 F Houston 
H u n te r W heel A lig n m e n t M o chine 828 397o___________________ 
K enm oie R e frige rator cmd Stove in good cond. 434 5632 a tt 6______ 
I L a rg e A ir H a m m e rs , J A ir 
Tam pers, l l " D rive A ir im p a ct 
W rench G rease E q u ip ! , I 1oft, 
5yd G alion Dump Body, 344 471) 
Loc biol s equip, m och Toll free 
I 8oo 528 6o5o ext 3oo9 

Norw egian E lkhound Pups, AKC 
Req Ch B loodline Eve. w a tc h ­ dogs, 515o. 344 171o. 
■ O B F b if MCF r LA5SFS 
F o r G e rm a n S h epherds R e g is­ tra tio n M arch 2 and 9 826-312o or 
688-3539. 
"O B E D IE N C E CLASSES" 
Classes sta rt M arch 7th 
R egistration F eh 21st end 28th 
S A DOG T R A IN IN G CLUB 
635-8734. 534 5886; 344 6o39 
O L D " F n c T S h e e p d o g P u p p y , fem ale. Show D u ality 1-459 1oo3 

B rig h t John son G ra s s H a y in 
B a rn 545 a Ton 
Jock M in n e v, 
Quemado 1-757-1329_____________ 
C A T T IE , G o a ls 
S heep and 
Horses for sole 62? 9216_________ 
■3 C e rtifie d B e e lM a s le r B u lls 
1624 2488; 624-2o72 att 5 p m 
- 
1 — 
•Coastal Bermuda® 
Spriqqm q and custom w ork, also chisel plow ing and hay b u llin g 
I• 742-8415. Schum acher Bros. 
Coastal Hay near Poteet 

P A R R O T D bl Y c lln w h e o b w ith cage and stand 525o cgs 653 7982 
P a rro t Double Y ellow Head Ex tre n d y Beautiful 696-43o6 
Pekingese IO mos. m ale 55o 
623 5186 
Reg D oberm an P inscher pups,"2 fem ales left. Call o fte r 6 and wee kends, I 742 8o21 

A m e ric a n P it B u ll P u ppie s tor those who dem and the finest Both sire and dam UKC P 
R 
B red 
Reg dogs, in te llig e n t, lo yo l and pound for pound unbeatable Once you ow n a P it you ll n e v e r b r happy w ith less 144 8779 
BABY LIO N CUB for sale 
732 9432, 733 1912________ 
B e a u fitu l C how P u p p ie s , good watch dogs. I 645 3o78.___________ 
Beautiful G erm an Shepherd pup pies, no papers, 52o 653-3336 

6 Reg Iris h Setter puppies and m other 545 ea 633-o633 att 3 
SCHNAUZERS, AKC M IN 
Healthy and Beautiful 627-2768 
S H E LT IE PUPS (m in ia tu re Col lie s ) 3 m ales, tri-c o lo r, 575 up, 
656 7595 or 655 4639______________ 

S h e p h e rd P u p p ie s , lu s t b o rn 
A vailable in 6 wks $25. 492-2672. 
S IB E R IA N H U S K IE S , 12 w ks, re g , fe m a le . P a re n ts p o in te d 
515o 681-3872. 
TUC AIR DANES AKC 
Puppies Blue or Block 
535o lo 56oo. Term s 
___________ I 438 2492____________ 
U K C R eg 
A m e ric a n E s k im o 
Puppies, Pure W hite 51oo 342-o657 
WANT AN AKC DO G ’ 
S A Dog B reeders R e fe rra l Ser­ vice w ill put you m touch w ith a n e a rb y re p u ta b le b r e e d e r 
494 7787, 673 46o3 

3ooo bales 51.75, 1-569 4o73 
C O'A T T A L~ SP fe I GS " 
'7 OC " I 'u~ 
M ixed Bluestem Hay $1 75 bale 
I 947-337o, I 947-3379. 
COOL stu rd y S tructures, 15 d“ c o o le r K a is e r A lu m ., fa s t con 
S truction 494-3318 

CORRUGATED IRON 
518.95 per sq 
FLOW ERS LBR CO. 
2567 Goliad______________ 333 6171 
Custom hand mode saddles, over 
5o use d s a d d le s in s to c k 
H u n d re d s of 1st o n d 2nd lin e boots B and W Boot ond Tack. 4o5 
S. G uadalupe St, San M arcos, Tx 
I 392-4676 

151.55, Lytle area, 1-772-3236 

HORSESHOEING 
J a m e s 
H a llm a r k , 
S e g u in 
I 379 7316, 379 34o3_______________ 
H O R S E SHOW 
E n g , W e st . 
M a cA rth u r H S. Leisure Stables. 
*. 12 
M ar 
9:3o a m. 
E venings 
649-2512. lf you h a v e n 't fo u n d th e r ig h t s ta llio n fo r y o u r m a re , c o ll 
655-6o12 or 227-1568. AQHA paint ond A rabian a v a ila b le __________ 

IRRIGATION PIPE 
25o mints of new 6. 25o (oints ot new 8 Class 15o A lum inum Pipe, 
Also D etroit Diesel P um ping U nit ; 
This stuff is a bargain I intend to, sell it, if you can get up your nerve and your w ife 's perm issio n Call 
Me 
Arch C 
Holden 
695-89o5, 
695 32o5 
| 

KLEIMGRASS SEED 
G overnm ent tested and labeled., 
56 SO per lb p .1.5. w h ile it la sts 
Discount tor IOO lbs or m ore. Wit hams, RI. 2 Box 44, B andera, Tx I 
I 769-3619 evenings. 
LE ISU R E STABLES. U nder new m a n a g e m e n t. H o rse s b o a rd e d , gentled and trained. 494-8917 
Leo bord Appaloosa Stud Service 
575 Eves. 434 7542. 

FE LPS MOR-.E, STOCK 
AN D GOOSENECK TR A ILE R S 
S a le s , S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , a n d 
T ra ile r Rentals. 443o Hwy 9o East 
(S W W White Rd.) 333 1611 f E R T IL IZ E D J o h n s o n G ra s s 
Hay, SI 25 bole 826 )146_________ f e rtiii/e d Coastal Hay la rg e boles 
SI 75 I 42o 2858 
F E R T ill f E b 
H A V 
133-2938 
F E R T IL IZ E D c o a s U l ' H A V . 
S to re d in s h e d 
S I.7 5 a b a le 
533-514$. a tt 6 a n d w e e k e n d s . 
677-817o, 677 8216 
F L A T B E D T r a ile r 1^76 A lle n , 
22x8 ft dual axles, elec b ra ke s 
P erfect tor hay hauling $21oo 
732-5645 

Macdona Auction Sain 
E ve ry Sol 12 Noon, C attle, sheep j goats, horses. 12 m c S W 
S A I 
F arm Rd. 2173, M acdona, Tx. 
M ARCH SP EC IAL 
12 ' j ga 2 p l im p o rt b a rb s is vs 
6t» Steel Tee Post .................. SI 87 
•a" PVC Pipe lOOtl 
.. 58.5o 
Cedor Post 
............... 6o AND UP: 
35" 
Sheep and 
Goat 
Mesh! 
33o 
$29,951 
BARKER SUPPLY 
3143 S E Military Dr. 
333-6o41 

Additional 
Classified 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
SPRING TIME 

That s right! At Gunn you save on new 

I 9 7 7 models! Every car in our inventory has special discounts 

 for a limited time only. Bring your present car in for an 

 appraisal, look around, w e’ve got what you want at G U N N 
OLDSMOBfLE at a price you 

 can afford. 

OMEGA COUPE 

The Oldsmobile O m ega offers outstanding luxury in a medium size automobile with performance and handling riveling a sports car. You will find a selection of Omegas on sale now at Gunn with this example being typical of the values you ll find. 

 it V6 
Engine 
★ Hydramatic 
Transmission it Air Conditioning £ 
★ Power 
Steering it Power 
Brakes it Pushbutton 
Radio it Deluxe Wheel Covers it White 
Sidewall 
Tires 
★ Tinted 
Glass it Carpeting — AND — YOUR 
CHOICE of cloth or vinyl interior. 

SALE PRICE 

CUTLASS “S” COUPE 

AMERICA'S FAVORITE . . . Cutlass . . . is now on sale at 

Gunn. Special cars have been ordered . . . and are here. 

Every Cutlass in stock is specially priced for this event. Here 

 is a brief description of our SPECIAL SALE cars: 

★ V6 
Engine 
★ Hydra­ matic Transmission ★ Air 
Conditioning 
-A Power 
Steering ★ Power Brakes 
★ Pushbutton Radio it Tinted Glass it White 
Sidewall Tires it Carpet­ ing — AND — Tailored 
Vinyl Interior. 

S c r V I C C What ifs all about 

SALE PRICE 

Cwstom rim * A w h i t * le t t e r tir e * o p tio n a l e x t r a . 

147133o2 

Light up your face with color 

By JENNIFER ANDERSON 
Have you ever been to a party where your host or hostess planned the light­ ing effects so well that the guests looked better than you know they really do? 
P la n n e d dim lig h tin g nr candlelight can create an illu­ sion of glam or. But the real tric k is to c r e a te you r own make-up illusions to get that glamor at the office or in the blazing sunlight. 

L earning how to use light correctly when you m ake up. and knowing what colors to use to correct unflattering light you might be in. is a real art. 
F irs t, you should learn to make up flawlessly in daylight. lf you can do that, you can ea­ sily make any of the other cor­ rections for office or evenings out. 
(Frequently women will do their daytime make-up leaning over the bathroom sink, in the worst possible lighting, and wonder why in the clear light of day their make-up is streaked. 

 blotched and overdone.) 
Devote a Saturday afternoon to an experim ental m ake-up session before a window that allows good light. Hold a hand m irro r and go through your entire make-up routine step by step. You’ll be quite amazed at what you see! 
You’ll soon realize that less is better and natural colors like beige, brown, sand and pinks or citrals that have a hint of brown in them are the most natural. 
Sharp, bright blue or acid green eye shadow or any lip­ 

 sticks with a hint of p u rple have to go! You might be sur­ prised. too, to find out just how much blending is necessary to do a flaw less job. 
Now change the lights in your make-up area at home to make the lighting strong and even. 
Check your daylight make-up jolt under these lights. 
That’s the effect you’ll want to achieve every day. Armed with the rig h t sh ad es of m ak e-up and a new way of looking at your face, you should be able to improve your office appearance by 1o(1 percent. 

San Antonio Express 
Scene 

Friday March 4 1977 

Chili cook-off 

OUR GET-HAPPY DENIM COLLECTIONS ARE READY TO WORK FOR YOU DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL 

 r o m 
4 DAYS ONLY 

I A»e inc l u4 W 

E N JO Y IT N O W W H H C H A K C -A L L — NO M O N E Y D O W N 
Shop us for the good buys, 

/\AO !\m ;o/vw n y 

 fabric warehouse 
938 BANDKRA RD. 
' 
^ m 
^ 
• 
I M M * M H P M C M M • HNI MMI rn » M AKI AUK. ! 
Q 
O 
Q M A 
4 
1.35 AT KI1KNNAUKR RD. 
* 
< 
. I f f ft M ii— MART 
A 

Read Dan Cook— 

Mr. Sports o f San Antonio 

 in the San Antonio News 

V on are invited to a 
Les ll ilk trunk showing. 

Spring and Summer Fashions will be presented by 

Les Wilk 

FRIDA Y MARCH 4, 1977 

L c & f i 'a 
732 N O R T H S T A R M A L L 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
League looks at I OO years o f S. A. parks 

MISS RUTH AMEN, PAUL MCSWEEN 
...with Mrs. Michael Brenan in Reflections 1977 Show 
PHOTOS BY BON JO N ES 

( Who, T 
What, 
Where 

ON THE 
^SOCIAL SCENEJ 

Comfortable, convenient shopping for the brands you know 

• COBBLERS 
• PtN A U O 

• AMANO 
• CONNIE e FLORSHEIM 
• YAKETYS telz M 
SHOES 4 ^ 

 rjpf 52oo BROADWAY 

J 

By 
EV K 
LYNN 
SA W Y ER 

The light-hearted 
Junior League “ Re­ flections 1977'' show and cocktail supper was a colorful stroll through San Anton­ io's parks over the past IOO years. 
V illita 
Assem bly 
Building had so many balloons tied to chair- backs and floating above the multi-colored checked gingham table­ cloths it took a little care to cross the ballroom. 
Wide streamers in red. orange, lime, turquoise, blue and yellow were looped from a center co­ lumn to form a canopy. 
The stage resembled a gazebo w it Ii its lattice work, greenery and hanging baskets. 

Mrs. Tim Musgrave brew “ m oney” away while wearing a brief ostume with “ dollar bills” all over it. She was me of the walking ads for he National Bank of 
Commerce. 

Rooster 

Toby Tale got a lot of aughs in her rooster ces­ ium' for Church’s Fried 
Ti ic* ken. 
When she lapped her wings, her tail leathers wiggled. 

Ed Griepenkerl got a omul of applause for his solo in the Bowen’s Island skit. and Sherrie Kleck was the star of the Hoop 
Boo Be Boo Park. Flap­ pers i i i short, fringed sheaths did a realistic shimmy enlivened with some high kicks. 

David and B e lly Co- 

 megys with children, 

(ius. Hallie and David. sang and darn ed to their tiitar music as a family unloving Maverick Park 
III ISS?- 
At the finale, co-chair­ men Linda McSueen and 
Ellen Johnson got bou­ quets of yellow roses amid a standing ovation. 
Linda wrote the show. 
Out on the patio. Dale 

 and Mertie Wood told of their trip to Aspen “ ski­ ing on rocks, trees and a little snow, ‘way up.” A better trip was the one they took to Puerto Hico last spring 
Mertie hit a s ui jackpot on mu* of the nickel slot machines and flew to St. Thomas on her 

 white fringed shawl. Two years ago he moved to 
San 
Antonio from 
Bersailles, Ky. Now re­ tired, he was one of the few civ ilian technical ad- 
\ isors iii Alaska and the 
Aleutians during World 
War ll. 

Jean Blaylock was with 
Ed Cobb. a San 
Antonian since August vv hen he moved here from 
Houston. He’s the new ow ner of a company that reconditions 55-gallon barrels after liquids are shipped in them. 
The Frank Galinos sat with the John Monfreys. 
Galino teaches at St. 
Mary’s Hall. 

Ball 

The Pink Elephant Ball will begin with cocktails at 7:5o p.m. Friday in the 
San 
Antonio Country 
Club, and a buffet dinner will follow. 

Son. John Tower is scheduled to speak. 
E l­ ton 
Kline and his orchestra will play music. for dancing. The Texas 
Federation of Republican 
Women of Bexar County 
(six clubs) is sponsoring the annual hall. 

Mrs. Skip Fuhrmann is general chairman of the hall. Assisting are 
Mines. Jack Sims. spon­ sors; Richard Eddleman. 

 reservations; 
Wade 

Smaller!, trip arrange­ ments; John VV. Ballard, decorations; 
Simeon 

M istrot. publicity; 
Dwight C. llageman. in­ vitations. I . A. Deaxon. table program s; and 
Helen Moran, treasurer. 
Some 5til) reservations have been received. 

I E r e c t o r s rile Tow ii Club honored five newly elected direc­ tors at a dinner party iii the 
Argyle, including 

Paul 
Bray man. sam 

Dunlap. Skip Fuhrmann, 
Dick Killian and M ait­ land Rutledge. 
Dr. Jim Huff was elected president of the organization along with 
Dick Davis, chairman of the board, and Lon Car­ penter, secretary- treasurer. 
Vice presidents and their responsibilities are 
Mike Benedum. 
Fiesta 
Party planner: Lamoine 
Holland. New Members’ 
Party Planner next fall; 
Charlie Roberts, 
New 
Year’s Eve party plan­ ner: and Paul Brayman, 
Fiesta 
R iver 
Parade 
Float coordinator. 
Continuing directors of this social club are Boh 
Buschman. 
Eon 
C ar­ penter, Dick Davis. John ilcndry and Clint Leake. 

Meriemla 

It s Ladies (Inly at the 
Merienda for debutantes 
Elizabeth Ames. Suzanne 
Burns. Carolyn Calvert. 
Catherine 
Harwood. 

Jamie Killian. Jenny Ro­ berts and Lori Ziegler 
Saturday. 
The party is being gi­ ven iii the home of Bar­ bara McGaughy with 

Ellen Dickson. Jane Ma­ dill and June MeNeel as additional eo-hos tessi's. 

NEW SHIPMENT 
COLORFUL 

LACE-BRAID-TRIM-DRAPERY FRINGE 

SOME BALL FRINGE 

FRIDAY & SATURDAY ONLY— MARCH 4th & 5th 

WHILE QUANTITIES LAST 

HEATHER BRENAN 
...a bunny in Brackenridge Park 

132o 

 winnings. 

I lumina home 

The A. M. Biedenharnx 
Jr . were beaming be­ cause daughter Ju lie is moving home from Dal­ las. The former Queen of the Order of the Alamo’s 
Coronation is going to work for lier father ut 
Coca-Cola. 

Joe Collins escorted 

Ann Phelps Gorman. who was wearing a green 
Mexican dress with a 

DKT chapter plans service 

Alamo 
M in io n 
Chapter. Daughters of the Republic of Texas. will hold Us annual me­ morial service for heroes til the Alamo at 2.3o p.m. 
Sunday. 
The service w ill commemorate the H ist anniversary of the Battle nf the Alamo. 
Preceding the service at 2 p.m., a costumed re-enactment of Col. W il­ liam Travis’s “ drawing 
Hie line” ami a recitation of his “ Victory «>r Death” letter w'll be presented b; the Texas Living His­ tory Association under the direction of Michael 
W uters. 
The invocation and benediction will be given bv the Rev. Dwayne R. 
Nelson Jr . of Concordia 
Lutheran College. Austin 
The Hurlandule High 
School Choir will present 
I the music. 
Mark White. Texas se- eretary of slate, will de­ liver the address for the memorial service. 
Roll cull of stales and nations will be read by 
Nils. 
Hugh 
Bourke 
Lowery* president gener­ al. Daughters of the Re­ public of Texas, aud the reading of the names wil lie by M ary AI ba ugh. president. Alamo Mission 
Chapter of DHT 

FULL PIECE 

PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

Wards open-arm sew ing machine. 

S e w cuffs, collars and sleeves easily e** Five stitches 
Ward* low price. 
^ C ontro l included 

Flip wings up tu do your regular fla t-bed Hew ing. 

Save *5o on convertible-bed sew ing m achine, reg. *25o. 

^ W in g s are dow n for open arm 

 sew in g — collars, cuffs, sleeves 

W ith w ings up you get a large 

 flat surface for regular sew ing 

 i/ Fo u r stretch stitches for knits 

Blindh em m er is built in so you 

 sew drapes and spreads easily 

C onvenient built-in buttonholer 

H an d y bobbin case is up front 

 a* W ith foot control, assessories 

 zigzag 

1414 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd at L o o p 41o 
Open IO A M. until o P M daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at Waldern Road 
Open IO A.M . until 9 P.M . daily 

MCCRELESS M ALL 

So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A M. until 9 P M. daily 

Save $3o 
Stretch stitch machine 

1 
4 Q 8 8 
JL a r ^ . $ i8 o 

7 stitches m ake it sew versatile 

4 stretch stitches just for knits 

 v * Built-in blindhem m er, buttonholer 

S A N A N T O N IO E X PR ESS— 
Friday M arch 4 1 9 7 7 

Texas chili-where it s at 

‘YELLER D O G ’ 
...pod president 

By JANE ULBRICH 
Express Food Editor 
San Antonio chili- heads put the big pod in the little one for 
New 
York 
T im es food editor Craig 
Claiborne and his associate, 
Pierre 

F r a i l ey. 

It was a night for the big put on. 

T h e two E a s t e r n e r s w e re in San Antonio to conduct a benefit Cook­ ing School sponsored by the 
.Junio r 
W o m e n ' s 
C o m m i t t e e of th e San 
Antonio Symphony. 
As a f in ale to t h e i r v is it, the M i s s i s s i p p i - 
New 
Y o r k e r a n d t h e classic French chef were invited to be head judges 

Skin 
^Thirsty? 

. 
Try one of the 
\ multitude 
\ of thirst- quenchmg' moisturisers from Merle 
Norman. 
Luxuriously formulated for maximum day and night beauty care of face, hands, and body, from $3.5o 

Come in and test them at your mERLE noRmnn c o sm e t ic studio 

31o Soledad, Downtown, phone: 224-22o8 
134 Terrell Plaza, Austin Hwy., phone: 822-52o9 
154 Central Park Mall, phone: 344-6972 
115 South Park Mall, phone: 922-1392 
183 Valley Hi Mall, phone: 674-859o 
147 Wonderland Shopping City, phone: 733-82o1 
1o2 McCreless Shopping City, phone: 532-9381 
Windsor Park Mall, upper level, phone: 653-1612 

 i i i a Mini Moonlight Chili 
Cook-off. 
C laib o rn e had r ais e d the ire of m e m b ers of the 
San Antonio Pod of th e 
Chili 
A p p r e c i a t i o n 
S ocie ty I n t e r n a t i o n a l . 
(SAP-CASI) with a state­ m e n t in a New Y o rk 
Times story. 
W ritin g about h av in g been a judge in promoter 
C A ’. W ood’s self-styled 
World 
C h a m p i o n s h i p 
Chili Cook-Off at Rose- mond. Calif., last year, 
Claiborne said: 
“ T h i s c o n t e s t is a spin-off on the Texas ori­ ginal. and it is generally conceded to be the prin­ cipal chili event in th e 
United States.” 
S o l i d s 

Well, that did it! As signs and so ngs at the m o o n l i g h t cook-off p r o c la im e d . “ T e x a s is where it's a t ! ” 
And. as anybody who's anybody in Texas chili circles knows, the Wick 
Fowler Memorial World 
C h a m p i o n s h i p 
Chili 
Cook-off at Terlingua is 
REALLY th e p r in c i p a l chili event in the good ole’ U.S. of A. 
Robert “ Yeller Dog” 
Marsh, the Great Pepper 
(president) of the SAP- 
CASI chili cookers, a c ­ cepted the challenge of cooking Claiborne “ a big bad Bowl of Red.” 
(You u n d e r s t a n d , of c o u r s e , t h a t 
“ b a d " m ean s “ good” in chili lingo!) 
“ Yeller Dog" team ed up with Cappy Lawton who offered " t h e b a c k ­ y a r d ” of his M a m a ' s 
Restaurant for the Mini 
Moonlight Cook- off. 
(T h e n a m e is sig n ifi­ cant — “ Mini," because contestants usually have an acre or so each for s h o w m a n s h i p . an d 
“ M o o n l i g h t . ” bec a u se the big chili cookoffs are usually held in the After­ noon—the better to see what's floating around in your chili c u p ! ) 
M a rs h invited T e x a s c h i l i h e a d s who h a v e c o m p e t e d in “ t h e big 

MESSY M A R G E1 CONGRATULATES O.C. HALEY 
. . .Nan Marsh, ‘Yeller D o g's1 Mrs. is left 

 queen. Sadie Thornhill, w hose p o r t r a i t g r a c e s 
Marge’s cooking station. 
A costum er by trade. 
Marge dresses herself up in personalized ehilihead trap p in g s—including an apron made from an old family quilt and a hat stuck with an arrowhead found on h er ran ch at 
Blanco. 
O t h e r chili n o t a b l e s c o m p e t i n g w e r e Clyde and Mary Griffin. Marble 
Falls, George Lambkin of the Texas Hill Pod; the 
P e a r l 
B e e r 
C o o k e rs , headed by Ray W ilk in ­ son; and Pearl Light Chili 
Cookers, headed by Red 
Jurecka. 
(Each of these would make a story by itself!) 
J u d g i n g a l o n g w ith 
C l a i b o r n e a n d F r a n e y were Mrs. Louis Bishop, president of the San An­ to nio S y m p h o n y ; J . C . 
Cooley of San Antonio 
Spice Co.; Valerio Furi- no. caterer and food con­ s u l t a n t ; C a rl W i g g l e s worth. WOAD Bob Koop and Margo Spit/.. KENS; and yours truly. 
M a rsh p resid e d over th e j u d g i n g , as we crowded around a large table inside M a m a ’s arm ed with score sheets 
(ii points is the m axim um we could give any one entry) and plastic spoons 
(the chili was passed ar ound in community foam cups). 

PH O TO S BY H M D IA N JR 

 o n e s " at San M a rc o s 's 
Re public id’ T e x a s Chi- ly m p i a d 
( t h e 
S t a t e c h a m p i o n s h i p ) a n d places like Junction. E a ­ gle 
P a s s a n d 
Houston—not to mention 
Terlingua. 

\Y inners 
And the winners were. 
O.C. H ale y w ith his 
T w o -H o le C hili, f irs t place; Bebe Wandel and the San Antonio A p a r t ­ m e n t 
A s s o c i a t i o n ’s 
M o v e m e n t 
M a g a z i n e with Movement Chili, se- eond place; Chon Davila of Poteet with No Ie H ate 

Chili, th ird plaee; and 
“ Messy M arge" Misthos of H o u s to n , s h o w m a n ­ ship. lialey. formerly of Po­ t e e t, t r a v e l s to chili cook-offs with his porta­ ble two-holer for which his winning Bowl of Red is named. 
"H e went to school in 
San M a r c o s w h e r e he learned how to make chili living in a dorm with males who didn't know­ how to cook or ea t—only how to d r i n k . " says a friend of his credentials. 
(Haley won't give out 
Ins secret ingredient, but 

 there must be a clue in that quote!) 
Bebe credits the ex­ cellence of her chili to the 
“ all n a t u r a l i n g r e ­ dients.” 
Davila, who is the 1975 
S t a t e c h a m p i o n chili cooker and also San An­ t o n i o ’s m e n u d o c h a m ­ pion, uses shrim p as Ins secret ingredient. 
“ M e s s y M a r g e " a d ­ mits her chili is “ fa m i­ ly-style, not show chili.” 
But nobody puts on a bet­ te r show at a cook-off than she does! 
She's a direct descen­ dent of an 18Ko’s chili 
Your vegetables need more than just sunshine and rain. 
They need ORTHO. 

ORTHO V€*Ki*n»bk* (harden 
Food —a 5-1o-1o formulation for high yields and top quality vegetables. Packed in an easy-to-use carton, it can la.* used on all vegetables in the garden. 

ORTHO Garden Weed Pre­ venter—a new product; easily- applied granules that prevent the growth of annual grasses anti certain weeds. 

ORTHO Whirly Duster —fast, easy, accurate dust applicator; won’t rust or corrode. 

ORTHO Tomato Vegetable 
Dust — a multi-purpose dust to protect the foliage of vege­ tables against many insects and diseases. 

A ll A bout 7oiuatoes—a I >rand new-1 took; the perfect compan­ ion to A ll About Vegetables. 

IMS, CO Im ) I Ut v‘«O S AND r MI YROH DtSHjN 
- WHIRLY DUSTIR RU, US WH Off 

 mono M X tO ffO S m o iAJCTY Kl Al. CNI (RI 
LASH tNClUONNG CAUTIONS ANI,. WARNINGS 
ANO USI A ll CMtMH ACS ONCY AS LH StfU l) 

8 O rth o 

Vegetable 
Garden Food 

Ortho 
Garden 
Weed 
Preventer 

Includes an adaptor to extend reach to 

Who knows more about gardening than ORTHO. 

See the ORTHO dealers listed for these and other fine ORTHO products 

AREAWIDE 

ALAMO ENTERPRISES 

HANDY DAN 
All Locations 

MONTGOMERY WARO 

T.G.&Y. FAMILY CENTERS 
All locations 

WooLCo 

MONDO 

MOEHRING^ TRUE VALUE HARDWARE 

11o7-17th St. 

MARION 

SCHULZ NURSERY 

S A N A N T O N IO 

ALAMO HEIGHTS TRUE VALUE HARDWARE 

5939 Broadway 

BEERE TRUE VALUE HARDWARE 
817 Bandora Rd 
138o7 San Pedro 

HARMONY HILLS GARDEN CENTER 
11754 West Ave 

MISSION NURSERIES 
2918 Minion Rd. 
12823 Nacogdoches Rd. 

PAUL S GREEN THUMB NURSERY 
85 Haby 
51o3 Blanco Rd. 

SKAGGS-ALBERTSONS 
11743 West Ave. 
5538 Waliem 
57o7 Bandera Rd 

STAFFELS STORES 
2118 Blanco Rd 
821 f. Commerce 
515 N. Zorzomoro 

VOGEL S NURSERY 
3512 Fredericksburg Rd. 

UYALDi 

UVALDE LUMBER & HARDWARE 
226 N. Getty St. 

SUM SET BOUTIQUE INC. 

NIBLACK REDUCING SALON 

EUROPEAN WRAP 

A FASHION FOR YOUR FIGURE 

• • • • 
A FIGURE FOR YOUR FASH IO N 
THAT IS WHAT WE HAVE TO OFFER 

WHERE ARE WE:? 

2319 Lock Hill Selma and Military Dr. 
V ange’s I 
349-o137 

8618 Jones Maltsberger 
V ange’s ll 
(Across from Albert 
Pick Motel) 
Pork ridge Shopping Conter 
349-7661 

WHO ARE WE: 

On fire 

While we were setting our mouths on fire, the spectators w ere outside e a t i n g M a n i a ' s a n t ie u - ehos and “ Yeller s Bowl of R e d ,” d rinking beer and d a n c i n g on a liay- s t r e w n s h u f f l e b o a r d court. 
( T h e c h i l d r e n w e r e having more fun than anybody, throwing liny- tot handfuls of straw — until the adult “ kids” got into the aet and started throwing it by the a r m ­ load.) 
Proceeds from the ad­ mission fees, foods and b e v e r a g e s w ent to the 
J u n i o r W o m e n ’s C o m ­ m ittee whose m e m b e r s manned the booths. 
M usic a c c o m p a n y i n g all this m e rr i m e n t was not exactly symphonic — but toe-tappingly a p p ro ­ priate for the event. 
P e r f o r m i n g w e r e an am ateur band called the 
J u g L o v e rs w h ic h is made up of statisticians and biologists at Brooks 
A e r o s p a c e , a C o u n try - 
Western band called I n - cie T ’s and a kazoo band c a lle d tile 
A ta s c o s a 
C o u n ty 
P h i l h a r m o n i c 
Ensemble. 
Shotgun 

Also putting on a good show was a J u d g e Roy 
B e a n - t y p e c h a r a c t e r whose job was to sound off his s h o t g u n w h en 
M a rs h n e e d e d to g e t everyone’s attention. 
And spec ial thanks go to “ Chiligula, the god of chili cookers and lovers.” who won't ever let it rain during a contest. 
C hiligula w a r d e d off the first drops of m o is­ ture until the last winner had been named! 
How did basically shy and refilled Claiborne fit into this madness? 
F o rt i fi e d w ith m a r - garilas from a party e a r ­ lier in the evening, he fell into tin* s p i r i t of the* c o o k - o l l —p r a i s i n g the chili conking anti taking a t u r n al a p olka w ith 
Candy Wagner, president oi the J u n io r W om en's t ommittee 
Mid how did 
C l a i ­ b o r n e ' s a n d F r a n c ) s votes com pare with the tally? 
Would you b e h e w the) d i s a g r e e d ? 
C l a i b o r n e thought the second-place 
Movement ( hill should b a t e been f i r s t ’ 
Arid 
F r a n c ) voted with the majority of the judges. 
“ What s a F renchman doing at a ( lull cook-oll, un) way'*" 
C l a i b o r n e asked mockingly. 

T h a t 's what you call sin g in g “ T h e Red Hot 
Texas ( lull B l u e s " 

Red < toss 

 t o hold rally 

A Red Cross Rally will 
Im* held 
Friday and 
Saturday at North Star 
Mull sp o n so red by the 
Bexar County Chapter of the \ m c n c u n Red < t o s s 
The rally will feature displays and d em o n s tra­ tions ut Red C ross ser* 
\ ices to the community of 
Sun Antonio. 
Among the highlights of the rail) will be a film, first aid demonstrations, blood pressure screening a n d a p la y at 2 p . m . 
S a t u r d a y s t a r r i n g 
E dgew ood lug school students. 

San Antonio's oldest & best way to aid you in obtaining your perfect figure. A dress shop with outstanding fashion & values. 

NIBLACK 

SYSTEM 

Massaging machines that reportions your 

 figure ... reducing you in inches where you 

 need reducing. Inexpensive, passive, we get 

 results. 

2o HRS. 

 or $6o.oo 

N o Contracts-Just Results 

EUROPEAN 

WRAP 

A method of firming and toning the figure 
— unbelievable results 
— minimum loss 2 o inches in 1o treat­ ments (8 to IO the first wrap) treat­ ments includes steam bath, 3 o min. O n our famous Niblack machines, I hr. in the wrap, series of IO , $ 1 3 5 .o o or in­ dividual $15. Try one and you be the judge. To celebrate the opening of our reducing salon at our Jones-Maltsberger location we invite you to come join us. 

I 
OUR ANNUAL SLIM IN 
TO SPRING SPECIAL 

! European Wrap *115 
SAVE *35 
OO 
I 

Do Yourself 
A Favor... 
Let Us 
Help You. 

FOR INFORMATION 

CAU 
349-7661 
341-5622 l O F TEXAS! 
Inc. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
Acting assertive in the bedroom 

By JEAN BAER 
Ju s t as you can learn to m ak e the assertive social r e ­ quest “ I want to so out to dinner ton­ ight,” you can learn to communicate your desires in the sexual area. 
Good sox may bo only part of tho good Ufo, but it iv far too important for 

 any woman to wait for it to happon. 
But many women do 
‘‘watt for it to happen." 
Why? 
Societal brainwashing has had a severe effect in the sexual area. Many women still believe the 
“ old wives* tales" and taboos : “ Masturbation is b ad " . . . "M e n need more sex than women" . 
. . “ I t ’s tho wom an’s fault if the man is im ­ p o tent"^ . . “ Grin and 

ART EXHIBITION 
CLAY M CG AUG H Y 
AND 
PERRY SHANKLE, JR. 
M ARCH 6 TO M A R CH 21 
RECEPTION H O N O R IN G THE 
ARTISTS SU NDAY, M A R CH 6, 
4 TO 7 P.M. 

 glosser's art gallery 

21 N. M A IN 
PHONE 732-1 121, 

 bear it" . . . “ Sex is a woman’s duty.” 
Says 
Dr. 
Beverly 
Hotehner, executive dir­ ector of the Conter for 
Human Concerns, a sex­ uality resource center in 
St. Louis, “ Women are now at the stage of talk­ ing more openly about sex, but for most of them things haven’t changed. 
“ Women are trained from Day One to be pas­ sive. The early injunc­ tions are so potent and pervasive that it’s diffi­ cult for women to have different behaviors as a d u l t s . " ng 

Some women feel they don’t have the right to sexual pleasure—that’s a male prerogative. They' are brought up to be pleasing, to stifle their own wants. 
Asking for what they need in bed would be 
“ unbearably selfish" and 

“ unladylike, so they spend years suppressing desires and faking or­ gasms to make their partners “ happy.” 
Meanwhile, this pre­ tense makes them angry, and inner resentment builds until it stifles their ability to relax during sex. 
According to Dr. Helen 

Kaplan, clinical associate professor of psychiatry, 
Cornell University Medi­ cal College, “ The woman who enjoys sex has al­ ways been looked down on. 
“ Yes, the cultural cli­ mate is changing and to­ day many very young girls are at ease with their own sexuality—but many more women still are not." 

Says Dr. Alan Gold­ stein, associate professor of psychology and psy­ chiatry at Temple Uni­ versity School of Medi­ cine, “ Despite the so­ called ‘new morality,’ the societal pressures are still there." 
As Masters and John­ son have said, "The most unfortunate misconcep­ tion our culture has as­ signed to sexual func­ tioning is the assumption by both men and women that men by divine gui­ dance and infallible in­ stinct are able to discern exactly what a woman wants sexually and when she wants it. 
“ Probably this fallacy has interfered with na­ tural sexual interaction as much as any other single factor.” 
Some women suffer from one, some, or all of a series of fears. 
Fear of hurting him. If you say or do anything 

K '- Z W - - ' 
, 
W ; g&V 
% 
J / 
& 
* ■ 

WILLIAM MASTERS 

 that appears c ritica l, you’ll hurt that tender male ego. And you can’t do that. “ Better to suffer in silence,” you rationa­ lize. 
Fear of being thought unfem inine or aggres­ sive. 
Fear of rejection. 
Fear ot total abandon­ ment. lf you give your* 

VIRGINIA JOHNSON 

 self completely, you real­ ly make a commitment. 
Some women can’t do this. 
Competition 

Fear of competition. If you have a desirable man and a fulfilling sex life, other women will try to hurt you, to take him from you. 

Thus, you reason you 
"mustn’t have this good life so that this dreadful tiling will not happen.” 
Often this irrational be­ lief is purely a rationali­ zation for doing the things you’ve been trained to do. 
Characteristics 

What arc the charac­ teristics of the sexually assertive woman? 

—She knows her own body. She understands it well* enough to know her sexual wants. 

—She is comfortable with her own body. This doesn't mean you have to be ‘ii years old or possess 
34-24-34 proportions, It does mean you feel proud and confident about your appearance. 

You know men find you attractive. 
Says 
Dr. 
Kaplan, “ People’s emo­ tions are transmitted. A 

 man can tell if a woman feels sexy.” 

—She takes responsibi­ lity for her own sexual well-being. She feels the gratification of her own desires is just as impor­ tant as the pleasure of her partner. 
—She is not bound by the sexual dictates of her parents, relatives, friends, culture. She be­ lieves, “ If it makes me feel good and I like my­ self for doing it. it is okay." 
—She can com m uni­ cate her desires to her part tier — gently. opon Iy . appropriately, and in a nondefensive manner. 

—She is willing to take risks—of judgment, c ri­ ticism . possible reje c­ tion. 
She is alw ays willing to try new things that may make her a more sensual person and provide increased fulfill­ ment. 

-A 

GROCERY DEPT. 
OPEN 7 DAYS 
9 A.M .-9 P.M. 

M. 

2555 S.W. MILITARY DR. & Z A R Z A M O R A 
SALE G O O D THRU 

BankAmericarq 

BOYS SPORT SHIRTS 
SHORT SLEEVE 
ASST. SOLIDS & PRINTS 
SIZES 4/18 

OUR REG. > 
$2.99 
, 

BOYS PANTS 
1oo% POLYESTER 
ASSORTED STYLES 
4/18 a 
OUR REG. V 
TO $5.99 

I t u D I I L E S 
388 
LIMIT 6 
// 

 fSm 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 
BOYS KNIT TOPS 
SHORT SLEEVE 
ASSORTED 
SIZES 
4/18 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
GIRLS DENIM JEANS 
& SKIRTS - sizes 7/14 
_ 
_ 
M A N Y STYLES m ^ m r n mm t o c h o o s e 
F R O M 
^^rjm m mm v a lu e s t o 
$7.99 

I’ 5SVX 

 y r ' 

A ii 

/• 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
GIRLS TOPS SSK 
FANTASTIC PRICE!! 
1oo% POLYESTER 
1oo% NYLON 
SIZES 4 /1 4 
VALUES TO 
$3.49 

FRIDAY, M ARCH 4th 
OPEN SUNDAYS 
9 A.M.-8 P.M. 
MON.-FRI. 
9:3o A.M.-9 P.M. 
. 
J 
A 

SPRING H A N D BA G SALE 
SPECIAL PURCHASE - VALUES TO $4.99 
ASSORTED STYLES & COLORS 
SPRING SHADES 
BEIGE-COFFEE & MORE 

'Oft 
LADIES SHORT SLEEVE TOPS 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 
\ 1oo% NYLON, V-NECK WITH 
6— d 
£ 
COLLAR & POCKET DETAILS 
« | D 
D 
S,M,L ■ REG. $1.99 TO $2.49 
LADIES DRESSES & PANTSUITS 
/ 
SUPER SPECIAL 
A r. 
BARGAIN 
O 
D 
VALUES TO $15.99 
WHILE 3oo LAST! 

I 

LIMIT 4 PLEASE 

J 
LADIES FASHION SLACKS 
• CALCUTTAS a 
• 1oo% POLYESTERS 
S 
• POLY/CTN. BLENDS 
T 
ALL $9.99 TO $12.99 
,1 
LIMIT 3 PLEASE 

LADIES SLIP-O NS 2 
LADIES 
8 4 
SANDALS ^ 
- 
REG. $5.99 

REG. $3.99 I 

MENS A BOYS 
TRACK 
IS k . SHOES 
8 6 

RIG. $5.99 

SHOPPERS WORLD DEPT. STORE COUPON 

 a— 

IH I 

FLEX him 

REVLON FLEX 
$ f l 2 9 
16 OZ. 
SHAMPOO 

REG. S I.8 9 
LIMIT 2 

CO U PO N G O O D THRU 3 / 4 / 7 7 

SHOPPERS WORLD DEPT. STORE COUPON 

REVLON 
Colorsilk pm* 
Urns 
CunM— m |*u V —Mpr* 

REVLON COLORSILK 

HAIR 
COLORING 

ALL SHADES 
LIMIT 2 
REG. $1.69 

► oui taunt Hmm 
CO U PO N G O O D THRU 3 / 4 / 7 7 

SHOPPERS WORLD DEPT. STORE COUPON 

L 

 protein 
B i hairspray 

PROTEIN 21 
HAIR 
£ 
SPRAY 
13 OZ. 
REG. $1.87 

I 
I 
LIMIT 2 

» « l 
I MU— I 
CO U PO N G O O D THRU 3 / 4 / 7 7 

SAVE Up To 5o% 

SAVE 31% 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 wants to tell secret love9 

SALEH 
Unclaim ed Furs!| 
Close out of all 
™ unclaimed furs. Prices § 
From 
*29” to *3oo| 
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat. O n ly * 
K A G A N 
FURRIERS INC J 
5o16 Broadway 
Pkmmm 823-3731 
J 

Coming 
Sunday 

What TV is 

 doing to 

 vour child 

 believed it was. 
TH A T so lv e d th e 
If you can't afford pri- problem. P lease suggest vale therapy, phone your it to “ E m pty S hell'’ and 
County or S tate M ental others. — Well-Traveled 
Health Association for an 
Road appointm ent. 
Dear W.T.R.: You did m ii and 
I a m g r a te f u l . 
’ 
Thanks for m aking a va- 
Express-News 
Dear Ann Landers: 
I luable contribution to this 
1 was interested in the let- space today. 
L — 
. ter from the woman who signed h erse lf “ E m p ty 
Shell.’’ She was the one who had a hysterectomy and hoped for a better sex life after the operation —- but it was w o rs e/ 

I II bet they are both 
C atholics. My h u sb a n d and I e x p e rie n c e d th e sam e problem after I had m y tubes tied. (We had seven children and I was 
( [ 
• Built-in Appliances 
4o years old.) 
J, 
• Kitchen Cabinets 

All o u r K ro w in g -u p 
I 
• O vens & R an ges years we had it pounded 
] t 
• Refrigerators into our heads that sex was for procreation and it was sinful to do anything to p rev e n t co n cep tio n , in te lle c tu a lly we knew better but emotionally we were filled with guilt. 

A fte r m y o p e r a tio n n e i th e r of us could achieve orgasm . When I spoke to my gynecologist he su g g ested th at both my husband and I talk to our priest. 

 g Express-News 
=• Want Ads= 

= 
225-1666= 

WHOLESALER’S SALE 
Freight Dam aged & Odd Lot Mdse. 
Landers 

• D ishw ashers 
• Cook Tops 
• M icro w ave O ve n s 
• V ent H oods 
A P R EC ISIO N CUT BY PAUL MITCHELL his styles are ge a re d to changing tim es 
M o st item s h a v e so m e d a m a g e or im perfections and are priced accordingly. A ll a p p lia n ce s are in w o rk in g order and h ave o rigin a l facto ry w arran ties. 
Stylist visiting S.A 
SALE ONE DAY ONLY 
Sat. March 5th • 9 A.M. - I P.M 
1121 East Houston 

5 blocks east of d ow ntow n Post Office 

 geared to changing tim es and values. 
O v er 4,ooo h a i r c u t t e r s a r o u n d th e world have joined his Paul M itchell 
Cutting Club to keep up with his ideas and methods. 

Paul Mitchell, who opened the first cut-and-hlow dry beauty salon in the country in New York City, is at F ro st's 
Beauty Salon in North S tar Mall F ri­ day. 
T h is h air c o n s u lta n t, now of New 
York and Hawaii, left his native E ng­ land in the m ini-skirt era for M anhat­ tan. He took h a ird re s sin g out of the doldrum s with high-fashion, precision cutting techniques. 
Now known as the h a irc u tte r^ h air­ c u t t e r . M itc h e ll c r e a t e s h a i r c u t s 

A month ago Mitchell opened an ad ­ vanced training school for professional haircu tters in New York. He is on a cross-country tour of Seligm an & Latz beauty salons to hone the skills of their h airstylists and serve as fashion a d ­ visor to salon clients. 
PALL MITCHELL 
Air 
GARDENING NEEDS 
W e W ant To Be Your Favorite Store 

GARDEN CENTER OPEN SUN.: IO A.M.-4 P.M.... GILL RD./WoNDERLAND AND AUSTIN HWY./WALZEM 

 to tete queen 

Col. and Mrs. A rthur D. I 
Saldana will honor their d a u g h t e r , S onya Lynn 
S a ld a n a , w ith a recep - tion-dance from 8 to 111 p.m. F riday in the Aztec 
R oom oC th e F t. S am 
Houston Officers Club. 
M iss S ald a n a is 1976 queen of the International 
Black and White Ball. 
Receiving guests with 
M iss S a ld a n a an d h er parents will be her spon­ sors, Mr. and Mrs. Roy 
R. B arrera, and Mr. and 
M rs. B e r n a r d A. Mag- non. directors of the ball. 
B a rre ra will serve as m a s t e r of c e r e m o n ie s and will in tro d u c e the 
1976 princesses and their escorts, 
Guests due at wedding 

Out-of-town guests are g ath e rin g to attend the wedding of Miss Sherri 
S n eek n er and K ris Nie- bergall Saturday in Con­ cordia Lutheran Church. 
They include Mr. and 
M rs. M a rc N ie b e r g a ll and M iss Holly N ie b e r­ g a ll, P e n s a c o la , F la .; 
Erie Niebergall, A m aril­ lo; M rs. F 
C. W eir. 
Flushing. N. Y. 
A lso , 
M e s s r s . an d 
Mines. 
William 
Baker. 
Albuquerque; Richard K. 
Reiner, Akron. Ohio; Ro­ b e r t 
N ie b e r g a ll, 
M ag n o lia. A rk; M ilton 
M c C a s k ill, 
P a t r i c k 
M cC askill and F ra n c is 
VandeVenter. all of Dal­ las. 
Sorority sets meet 

A lp h a D elta P i ’s a n ­ nual state convention will be held F rid ay through 
S u n d ay at th e Lyndon 
Baines Johnson M em or­ ial C enter in San Marcos. 
All San Antonio and a r ­ ea alum nae are invited to attend. 

■ 
R IC . 13.97 
Steel wheelbarrow with semi­ pneumatic tires, self-lubricat­ ing plastic wheel. A buy. 

M O D E L 
# W P 4 2 o 

LONG HANDLE 
GARDEN 
TOOLS 

YOUR CHOICE 

SHOVEL 
HOE 
RAKE 
Power mower has 4 cycle 3 HP engine with finger tip control. 

ORTHO’S 
ISOTOX 
INSECT SPRAY 
4 

^ 
® 
R E G . 

GT. 
6.98 

Proven effective again*! more than 3o common garden in vee* v 

Sw ift 

ISoToX 
Insect Spray 
Donna whirls on stage in a bright floral swimsuit with matching cover-up during Joske’s opening dinner show in the new “ First 
Tuesday” series. The store’s North Star M all restaurant was filled to capacity for the event. 
~ 
' 
PHOTO IV «ON JONH 

Fad acting myrogan tau rte 

 for lawn garden _ _ _ _ _ 

AU PURPOSE 
FERTILIZER tor 
J everything^ 

 you 
/ growrOr^ 
REG. m J p 
49.77 

Trims and edge* up close. Ad­ 

 justable roller handle and cord 

 holder t fK X X K 

 r n r i g . 
~ m 
WI. 1.69 

5-15-5 Reduce* transplant shock Get* plant* off to a thong itort. 
Utility fertili*er for floeerv 
»hrul>», tree*, etc. 

HUMoS TOPSOIL 
4o US. RIC. 1.57 Ut 

FIR NUGGETS 
J CU. n. MO. 2.6o u 

ORGANIC PEAT 
4o LB WO. I S/ JA 

M i s s i s - 
ILEY 

I got Ion con*. 
Heolthy, green 

M H B l r 
I 
IOO GRI RD. 
I 
4*o3 WIST 
I 
127 FAIR 
I 
2214 S.W. 
I 
27TO AUSTIN 
H 
P m m zm a 
MuewoMtfuw com m irci a v in u i m ilitary or. tan at w alla tS fS S n e l 
H S rP H T 
732-2211 
J 
414 o441 
| 
5 3 3 * 1 6 6 
| 
o24-1441 
| 
o93 44*1 
. 
• c£ £ 5 
J 
S H O R W O O L e o o.-3o A M . T O 9 s3 o R .M , M O N D A Y T M S U S A T U R D A Y 

•UY WUN COMflOIRCC 

LAT IS* ACI ION GUARASCIO! 

I<MHW* M a w M kt (CHAI 

...waiting for her without a frown. marketplace & restaurant 

555 Bitters Rd. 
Between W e st Ave. & Blanco 
494*3226 

 m m mm 

 ladies’ knit tops 

S A V E N O W ! 

SHORT AND CAP SLEEVE styles in solids and stripes. Ribbed and flat knit polyester, nylon or acrylic in white, pink, blue, yellow, navy, red, mint. Sizes S-M-l. 

S t y le s a v a ila b le m a y v a r y f r o m t h o s e p ic t u r e d 

PERMANENT PRESS polyester/cotton blends in a wide assortment of styles, most with pockets with fancy detailing. Blue, green or brown. 

SHORT SLEEVE STYLES in easy-core polyester/cotton knits. Solids, stripes combinations, dimension weld and screen print fronts in the group. White, green, blue, red, brown. 

S ty le t a vailab le may vary from th o se p ictu red 

KING SIZE 
—5 LB. 4 OZ— meet 
ONLY 
1 
9 6 
WITH THIS 
COUPON 

REG. 2.59 
WOOLCO COUPON 
GOOD THRU 3/5/77 j 

72x9o 
BLANKET 
ASST. 
39 6 

REG. 5.96 

Assorted colors and solids. Fits twin or full size beds. Hurry in now ond save. 

ADJUSTABLE 
IRONING 
BOARD 
5 
97 

R E G . 8 . 8 8 

Sturdy metal construction, ventilated top. Adjustable 

 level control. 

LIMIT ONE 
REGULARLY 13.97 

DUREVER. Cordset will not fray. 25 steams vents for overall distribution of steam. Polished aluminum soleplate helps prevent starch build-up. #F63. 
WHILE THEY LAST 

HOT CYCLE 

I 
O 
" 

R E G . 
15.96 

Adjustable bucket seat. Racing slick rear tires. In carton 

RELIGIOUS 
CANDLES 
77* 

W OOLCO PRICE 

Select from a large selection. Available in Spanish or English. 

Pimmmin1 

 t o * 

OIL 
FILTERS 

I 7 7 

Increases engine life, meets new car warranty requirements. 

3o GALLON 
PLASTIC 
TRASH CAN 

REG. 5.97 

LIMIT 
TW O 2 9 6 

Snap tight lid, built in hondle. 
Green/black. 

2o GAL. 
TRASH BAGS 

8 
8 
I 

REG. 2.37 
4o lorge bags with ties. Hurry in now and save. 
LIMIT 2 

J & 
Z j r i J O 
L 

C B G I i 

 r & c z j c j & 
L 

POCKET 
CALCULATOR 
99 
4 
LESS 
BATTERY 

Floating decimal, % key, 8/9 digit. 

LED display. 

@B*5> rf# 
CHODOS*** 
M W t woe pi *'» t ^ uWm a 
C H E R R I E S 
K W B t t iT I I W M 

BOXED CHOCOLATE 
COVERED CHERRIES 
38* 

Treats of cordial cherries with syrupy centers. 

2 shoe styles... one price nurse's or sport oxfords 

* 6 
OO 

W hite leather-look vinyl oxfords on m olded 

 sponge sole; wedge heel. Crinkle vinyl sport 

 shoe on thick molded soles, in black, brown, 

 white. Cushion for day long comfort. 

SHADOW 
BOX FOR 
EYES 
By Cecilia 
77* 

LISA MOANEY 
’/a GALLON 
BABY 
SH AM PO O 
96* 

REG. 1.27 
Make-up kit complete with 8 assorted color of eye shadow. Hurry in now ond save. 

REG. 1.47 

For soft manageable silky hair. Tearless formula. 
Available in ’/? gallon container. Hurry in now and save. 

M EN ’S 
SOCKS 

2 PAIRS 

8 8 * 

REG. 794 PR. 

Stylish colors. Monsanto, Wear Doted* socks. Save! 

REG. 844 

4-PLY 
KNITTING 
YARN 
67* 

Machine washable, color fast yarn. Assorted colors. 
Hurry in and save. 

7 Va " CIRCULAR SAW 

8 73o! 

I HP burout pro­ tected motor. 
Lightweight. 

ENAMEL 
TOILET 
SEATS 
38 8 

RIG. 5.73 

Baked-on enamel resists chipping 
Assorted colors. 

JET FLOW 
EXTERIOR 
LATEX PAINT 

RIG. 7.59 
9 9 

GAL. 
5 

IOO colors and white Soop and water clean up Heat resistant with no chipping. 

ROLLER A TRAY SET REG. 1.37 — 
99* 

REG. 
16.99 

PENN 

* 1o9 
^ " ^ B A I T CAST 
FISHING REEL 

I 2 8 8 
Gear ratio 33/4 to I, star drug, spare bowl, precision spools. 

/*"" I n 
" m a t c i i t a 
~ 
N 
W O O LC O RESERVES THI RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANT1TIH — NOT RISPONSIBLI FOR TYPO G RAPH ICAL CRBQRS 

U M 
E K 
Ik 
.'St N E 
Si 
WOOl CO CAHO 
* Convenient Time - Payment 
* Convenient Lay Away Plan 

IOO GILL RD. 
NUR WONDfRLANO 
732-2211 

48o 3 WEST 
COMMERCE 
434-9481 

527 FAIR 
AVENUE 
5 3 3 -8 1 6 6 

2214 S.W . 
MILITARY DR. 
924-1441 

271o AUSTIN 
HWY. AT WALZIM 
653-4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY RITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

K M C W W OI UQ N lV ( H O L Y I f f JNDIO 

I r 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPR ESS— F rid a y M a rch 4 1 9 7 7 
H 

V ie W ant To 
Be Your 
Favorite Store, 

SMUCKER’S 
JELLY 

G R A F E J E U .Y 

With a name like Snickers you know its got to be good. 

SMUCKER’S 18 O Z. 
o 6 ( 
PEANUT BUTTER. . . 
O O 

PANTY HOSE 
ASSORTMENT 

2 
$1 
FOR 
* 
LIMIT 
FOR 
■ 
2 
REG. 974 EA. 
Assorted colors. One size fits all. Hurry in now. 

6 PACK 12 OZ. 
CAN SODA 

Assorted flavors. Diet or regular. Buy several and save. Choose R C., Root Beer, 
Orange, Grape & more. 

FULL SIZE 
SOFA SLEEPER 

$ 

O l j V t u- W V t 2 & S I ti 
»* a I 9 r r t 
177 

REG. 229.95 

Beautiful sofa by day-Full size bed at night. 4" dense foam mattress - Reversi­ ble foam seat cushions. Easy care long lasting Herndon cover arm bosters as shown. 

LADIES’ 2 PC. 
TUBE SETS 

$4 

Select from a large selection. Just in time for the warm summer months ahead. One size fits all. Assorted colors and prints. 

LADIES’ 
SHORTS 
$2 

FEATHERDOWN 
MATERIAL 

I 57 
YD. 

REG. 1.97 YD. 

6S°/o Forte! polyester. 3S% combed cotton and 1oo% rayon, decoration 44/45” width. Machine washable. 
Assorted flocked prints. 

CLOSEOUT! 
LADIES’ 
BRAS 
2 /$3 

Special assortment of ladies bras. Save! 

FAKE FUR 
MATERIAL 

YD. 
REG. 4.97 YD. 

Fake fur remnants. 54/64" width. Undetermined fiber content. 
Ideal for upholstry or coats. Assorted colors. Shag or short hairs. 

SEWING 
CHESSOCK 

I O 88 
REG. 12.97 

Sewing chessock will hold sewing needs and serve as 

 o chair. 

MICKEY 
MOUSE lOOXF 
CAMERA 
88 

RIG. 9.99 

GAF Instant loading camera with Mickey Mouse figure on front. 
Uses cartridges and Magicube for flashcube pictures. 

GE FlipFlash bulbs 
o7 

11o-2o Kodak Film.... 1.29 
REG. 1.69 

For the new Koodk Trimiight and Kodak 
Tele-lnstamotic 8 flashes 
I 

3-W AY 
FISHING 
CHAIR 
IO88 

REG. I 3.44 

Its o fishing choir, comp stool, picnic choir, w/tockle bos, rod holder, drink holder. 

VOLLEYBALL 
OR 
SOCCERBALL 

REG. 4.99 
3 44 

Meets official sue and weight requirements. White only, in 
Volleyball. A gieat buy 

Ladies' 1oo% polyester shorts in jamoco ft short short styles. Choose from a wide selection of color, prints & florals. Sizes 1o- 
2o. 

MEN’S 
TOPSALL 
T-SHIRTS 
A BRIEFS 

$ ! 

LADIES’ 
HALTERS 
$ 2 

Easy wearing summer knits in assorted colors. Choose from nylon, cotton or polyester in ribbed or flat knits. Solids, strpes jacquards in sizes S-M-l. 

LADIES’ 
BRITANNIA 
SHIRTS 
3 77 

Doubleknit interlock stitch with dyed-to- motch buttons, placket front. White, blue, mint, salmon, navy. Sizes 32-34-36-38. 

OFF 
PKG. OF 3 
Kodel polyester/cotton fully cut for comfort. White only. 
Sizes S-M-l-Xl. 

LADIES’ CLOGS 
33 
2 
REG. 3.96 
Assorted colors. Sizes 5-1o. Corduroy uppers. Tricot lined. Podded 

 insoles. 

FRENCHETTE 
DIET 
SALAD DRESSING 
3/*1 

LOW CALORIE 

Choose 
Italian, 
French or 
Thousand Island flavor. 

2 PC. 
BATH 
M AT SET 

R E G . 4 . 9 7 

Dacron polyester lid cover ft mat Brown, avocado, gold, blue, 

 lemon ft raspberry 

DELTA 
FLEA 
COLLAR 
66* 

Ideal for cots or dogs. Good tor 3 months. Buy several. Kills ticks and fleas 

MENS9 
WRANGLER 
JEANS 
’ IO 

REG. 13.5o-$14 

Men's "Wrangler"! jeans. Sizes 
28-38 flares and boot cuts. 
14% denim. Save now and buy several. 

SHRIMP BOAT 
I 47 
SPECIAL 
SAVE 2o < 

A cardboard boat filled with fired Shrimp and French Fires. 

I O” TEFLON SKILLET 
96 

REG. 2.44 

Non-stick teflon surface. Easy to clean and care for. 
I 

PATA CAKE 
DISPOSABLE 
DIAPERS 

Flushes away. No pins or rubber pants needed. 
3 
o7 

GREEN 
THUMB 8 QI. 
POTTING SOIL 
67 

R E G . 1 . 3 7 

Helps promote rich, lush root system At this low Woolco price, you con buy several and save 

 f 
WOOLCO MAKES IT CASY TO SHOP 
E~3 
ESB! aw«6iarinei iiD aafm rn xu WkcocaTo 
* Convenient Time 
Payment 
^ 
* Convenient Lay-Away Plan 

W O O LC O RISER VIS THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES— NO T RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPO G RAPH ICAL ERRORS. 

IOO GILL RD. 
NUR WONDERLAND 
732-2211 

48o 3 WIST 
COMMERCE 
434-9481 

527 FAIR 
AVENUE 
5 3 3 -8 1 6 6 

2214 S.W . 
MILITARY DR. 
924-1441 

2 71 o AUSTIN 
HWY. AT WAlZtM 
653-4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

M F U C M t k ! O I V C S H S U C H H U S I D I C 
^ 
* - J - 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 m m 
.V .V .V .V .V .V .V .* m m t& m 
.v.v.v.v 
■Si*:*:* 

Savings 

 by the 

Room-ful! 
E E M Ti 

Elegant Printed Chenille Velvet! 

Exquisite Quilt Cut Velvet! 
For a really elegant look . . . one that's definitely out of the ordinary, you'll want to see this brand new grouping in rich tones of gold, orange, rust, and brown on a white background! It's the kind of a group that brings bright cheerful color to a room that might otherwise be somber. You can choose the matching sofa and loveseat . . . each with reversible seat, back and arm cushions . . . outline quilted for luxury. O r you can choose the fabulous sofa and two chenille velvet chairs in matching solid orange tone. 
Either way, it s a beauty of a buy! 

Sofa and Loveseat or Sofa with two chairs 

The group below has been the “star" of our show for some time, now! 
The long 4 cushion sofa and matching loveseat are covered in a sumptuous cut velvet in tones of soft, tasteful greens in a floral pattern. 
To add an even more luxurious look the cushions are thickly quilted to foam! The two traditional chairs are solid green velvet, perfectly mat­ ched to the sofa pattern. You could hardly ask for a lovelier or more versatile group ... and ifs on sale now, during Lack's Main Event Sale! 

Sofa and Loveseat or Sofa, with two chairs! 

For King Silt Headboard, odd $6o 

 t — — 
Night Stand ‘88 

16 Pc. King Bedroom! 

Now, here s all you need to convert an empty room into a luxurious king size bedroom in one group at 
Lack s sale price! 
This beautiful 
Mediterranean styled bedroom suite features a 
74 triple door dresser and a massive door chest, as well as famous Sealy King Size bed­ ding! The finish is off white with hand striped ac­ cents of gray and peach for a stunning overall look! Just look at all you get: 
Fabulous Stanley Bedroom! 

Few things look nicer than o dark finished traditional bedroom. And few makers produce furniture as nice as Stanley. That s why you will want this lovely 
"So n a ta" bedroom the instant you see itl A com­ bination of hardwood solids and pecan veneers, with expensive looking quarter-matched door panels. This group is accented with floral motif hardware and em­ bossed reeding. 7o' triple dresser, mirror, full/queen headboard, night stand, all at one low price! 

• DRESSER 
• MIRROR rf* m 
• NIGHTSTAND 
J ) im I | lf | 
• HEADBOARD 
£JL 
Door Chest $249 
^ l T R B 

TRIPLE DRESSER 
• 
TWO MIRRORS 
• 
DOOR CHEST 
• 
KING HEADBOARD • 
FRAME 
• 

SEALY MATTRESS 
TWO BOX SPRINGS 
SHEETS, CASES 
TWO PILLOWS 
BEDSPREAD 

Queen 
Size 
$699 

’.v.v. 
•V. v.v.v.v.* 

LA C K ’S S A N PEDRO 
San Pedro at IH-35 
LA C K’S SOUTHSIDE 
93o S W Military Dr. 

LACK’S NO RTHW EST 
4545 Fredericksburg Rd. 
LACK’S CO LISEU M 
943 Coliseum Rd. 

Also in 
N e w B ra u n fe ls 

W ell, first he had to hire people with the knowledge to teach his offensive arid defensive system. 
So he rushed out and hired Nebras­ ka's defensive coordinator. S M I"s de­ fensive line coach. Alabam a's tight end coach. Auburn s offensive coor­ dinator and. finally. Texas’ offensive back coach 
He took a few months to explain his system to these assistants and then spent weeks studying film s of his re­ turning prospects. 
Starting this week. Holtz went to work. He says the goal is to accomplish six things i i spring training. 
"First, we want to im prove every player on the team , fundam entally. 
Second, we want to give every voting man on our team a chance to win a position. Third, we want to evaluate our personnel in terms of what each blaver can best (lit offensively and de­ fensively. 
“ Fourth, we want the players to get to know us a s coaches. Fifth, we want to develop an attitude of each player working to the maximum of Ins ability 
Finally, we want to find out who wauls tit win and who is w illing to do the things necessarv to w in .” explains 
Holt/ 

QB important 

The first thing Hotlz must do is find tin4 top candidates at quarterback 
Last year Broy les started four dif­ ferent quarterbacks All lour of those youngsters are now iii spring camp. 

Also. there art* several others who 
Holtz says may be given a chance at quarterback 
He needs to cut that number down to two or three 

The m ost publicized of those candi­ dates is Hon Call agin. the starter last year who suffered knee and shoulder in ju rie s , m issing about h alf the season 
I alcag tii has great p otential, primarily as a runner 

II Holt/ wants to stress the pass, his main man might be Houston Nutt, who showed flashes of brilliance xx itll his strong arm a year ago when lie was a freshman sub 

( aleagni. some say. is one of the best 

 running q uarterb acks in \inerica. lie’s quick and strong, reminding SWC laos ut form er Texas great M arty 
\kins. 

Because of < ah agin s running ab ili­ ty and Nut Cs strong passing arm . 
Holt/ still hasn’t decided what offense ins team w ill use next season, file 
Hogs probably will do a little bit of everything 
But to w in Holt/ and everyone cist- iii the Ozark* realize that the Hogs must 
Ik* more successful passing than they 

 w ere a year ago. 
Fast season flu*.' hit lust 
:>8 passe* in ll games for only HHH yards 
In com parison, the opponents com ­ pleted IIH for 1.5H2 yards, m eaning 
\rkansas was outgaitied by almost HIH) yard* in the air 

Pinones, last year's Novice Division cham pion, knocked out Rud y R o ­ driguez of the West Side YM C A in the second round of their Open Div ision 
? 

 welterweight match. 
Pinones floored Ro­ driguez tw ice in the 
I first round and then once more early in the second round. 
R o ­ driguez rallied with a flu rry of punches to 
P in o n e s’ head hut caught a vicious left to the head. That was all 
Pinones needed as the 
JBI8WL fight ended with I 58 k left in the second round. 
Zuniga fed Richard Gutierrez of the 
National Association of Letter ( arriers a steady dict of lefts and l ights iii earning a quick one-round v ictory in a 
Novice welterweight match. 
Zuniga pummeled Gutierrez to the 

See F IST S. Page SF OUCH 

Tho* is what Robert Trujillo appears to be saying after getting a stinging right to the face from Timothy 
Lusk Thursday night. — P H O TO BY PAT H A M ILTO N 
Coogs, Tech survive 

By K E V IN O K E E F F E 

Of THI EXPRESS STAM 

HOUSTON — Mark Trammell norm ally known as Houston’s other guard, was the main man in tho second half and guided the C ougars to a 9H-77 victory over Texas A&M in Southwest 
Conference Tournament action 
Thursday night ut The Summit. 

Tram m ell, six-foot junior from 
Dayton. Ohio. had 12 points iii Hic second half, including six during a 14-2 surge which ended the Aggie s hopes iii the game. 

Iii T h u r s d a y s second game. Texas lech whipped Baylor HH-57 to earn a berth against Houston at S p.m. Friday night Ttie winner plays Arkansas Sa­ turday night. 

“ When Tram m ell carne iii and made two or three baskets, that was probably the turning point.” Cougars’ 
« ouch Guy Lewis admitted “ But I did not start lo leel comfortable until there were just 4U seconds left. 

“ We had been up and down the floor about three o r four tunes without doing anything when Tram m ell took charge." 

“ I thought the Iwst hall club won." 
Aggie Coach Shelby M e tc a lf said. showing a slight grim ace. “ Houston has a good club. 
They are leum-urtented Even (O tis) Birdsong. 
He gets Ins points, but he is a team player." 
Houston led by live. HO-55, when the 

Kevin O 'K eeffe 

 is San Antonio's 

 o n ly 

 rn 

% 

>x 

 reporter 

 at the 

SW C 
I 

 cage tourney 

 in Houston 

 s tro iK i hall spurt began B ir d s o n g . Hic 
( on gars acc backcourt man who was the g a m e s leading searer w ith JO 
I wonts put iii a lo footer to start. 
( enter Mike Schultz, the man with a 
Kojak haircut, followed with two free throws t buries Thompson sank a turn­ around and then ti w as time tor 
Trammell. hum m ed, who moves quicker than a playboy on a Friday night, lilt tilt* first of three IS-foot jump shots. B ird ­ song tossed iii another and it was time to watch the expensive telescreens’ which Hash above The Sum m it The 
('nogs led. 74-57. with IO ll remaining 
“ I think my points re ally got tis going." Tram m ell admitted "B u t it was Otis who told me to take my shot 
The guards penetrated against AAM 

 tonight and that is why we got them in foul trouble." 
That they did. Steve .lunes, the 
Aggies’ leading scorer, had just two points, sinking only one of five from the floor. However, the H-7 senior had three fouls with 12:o2 left in the first half. He was guarding Birdsong and wound up w itll four. 
W illie Foreman, who had l l points. also Had foul trouble. 
Ile got 
Ins fourth with 12 42 left in the game — just when Houston was making its break Curly-haired forward W ally 
Swanson was the leading Aggie scorer with 29 points, a career-high. 

" W e played just as hard as we could,” he said in the subdued A&M clubhouse. "B u t fourl trouble really hurt us. They just w ouldn’t let me play. It seemed like everything I fried to do, I got a foul for it. I hate for things to cud like this." Swanson had four fouls iii the game. 
A&M led inst once, 2-9. but held the 
Cougars close in tile first half, dis­ rupting the Houston offensive move­ ment. Houston led by nine. 49-49. at the intermission 

" W e were not consistent because 
A&M was playing us tough." Lewis. who held his rcd-and-w lute towel tightly all night long, said "A & M is a tine basketball team .” 

Bot teams pressed throughout the game, playing a man-to-man defense, accentuating the rough and tum ble phy sical matchup 
"W e are very happy to win. but it is just a start,” Birdsong rem inds) re­ porters. 
We want lo beat Arkansas 

See CO! (. NKS. Rage IE 

The Net set 

BY JE F E (.KOSSMAN 

O r ( M f EXPRESS STATT 
UNIONDALE, N Y. — Only a person who sleeps with a copy el the NBA Register under Ins pillow could tell you about the 
New York Nets’ roster. 

Only four players remain from last season s ABA championship team. 
Ami p e rh a p s least known, but most promising, guard Bubbles Hawkins 
The Spurs face the Nets Friday at the Nassau County Coliseum. 
Hawkins, a second-year pro from Illinois Slate, was cut by the Golden 
State W arriors during training camp 
The Nets, undermanned at guard when Tiny Archibald went out with a broken loot. pu ked up Hawkins on the recommendation of former Net aud current Golden State star Rick Barry 
And the results have been stunning. Hawkins, usually the first guard off the Nets bench, is tile team s second-leading scorer with 19 iroints a game. 

/ s n R S . S K I S c la s h U n tig h t til 7:9.» 

And he has a single-game high of 14 points. 
When the name Hawkins began appearing iii the small j»rmt of Imix scores iii newspapers around the country , many assumed < outlie Hawkins was making a comeback. 
I never realized we get almost 29 points a game from him ," smiled 
Neis" Coach Kevin Lougherv. 
"There's no substitute at this level for speed and quickness," says former Boston Celtic great Bob Consy. “ And the kid has it 
I just went back home to Detroit after getting cut and waited to sec what would happen.” said Hawkins, one of six Nets" left-handers 
Hawkins' given name is Robert His brother tagged him with Bubbles because he was i ne! 11 led to pull practical jokes 
S P I K S S H O R T S : 
The Spurs, once given to passive resistance on the road, have now won two straight on this five-game road trip after losing the o|M*iier to Atlanta San Antonio has won six of its last nine road games 
The Nets. meanwhile, are better on the road (11-29) than at home (9-22). 
Their 2o-4J record is the worst iii the NBA. Starting Net guard Al Skinner is expected to miss Ins fourth straight game Friday night with a sprained ankle. 

Hogs must learn to put it in air 

Under the eyes of a new coach, the Arkansas Razorback* re­ turned to the artificial turf this week with one main objective — to learn to pass the football. 

It is not correct to s a y that last year. under Frank Broyles, the Hogs either lived or died by the pass. They simply died by it. 
Blit in preparation for a new year. 
Arkansas has done a lot of shuffling in hopes of erasing m em ories of la s ! year’s 5-5-1 record. 
Desperately needing a passing at­ tack to go along with a c o r p s of out­ standing runners, the Hogs went out and hired an air-minded man 
Head 
Coach Lou Holt/ (piit after Cf N F L games vv it h Jo e Namath and Hie -lets to take the Fayetteville p o sitio n 

How does he plan to teach the Hogs 

 to throw and catch successfully? 

 jaw s 

Bv H A R R Y P A G E 

O f THI EXPRESS STATE 

Raymond Pinones of City 
Parks & Recreation and -Joe 
Zuniga of the West Side YM CA provided most of the excitement on opening night of the 1977 
Golden Gloves boxing tour­ nament at the Municipal Audi­ torium Thursday. 

SWU tough 

Passin g is not the only pi abient 
Holt/ must so I v I'. though 

“ (Mi paper.” admits Holt/ * depth is definitely a problem 
We lost some outstanding players m the oliVpsive line and three line defensive ends 

O verall, though, he is op tim istic. saying, " W e must gel the passing game resolved to lie effective. II we receive answ ers to our many ques­ tions, we can In' competitive with an­ yone on our schedule." 

It should be noted, however, that 

 llo lu was also optimistic prior to last season with the Jets. I hey finished 

J I L 

Holt/ has snailed Hints, of SW I rivals and is im pressed with vs ti ii t he has stt'll 

I have formed a definite opinion of 
Ila* Southwest i onfereiicc. he says. 
“ < (inference strength runs i i i cycles. 
For a while the Big IU was considered 
Ila* strongest conference 
I lien Hie 
Stun beastorii ( onlereia c I lien Ha* Bi g 
Eight 

"T h is conference has as utility out­ standing team s us any league i i i 
\ mer tea look ut the non-conference record last year. for instance South west teams defeated or tied all three ol the B ig Fight s co-cham pions,” ex­ plains Hull/, 
His job is to make Arkansas one of those outstanding teams iii Ila* SVM 

(>K by ivahn 

Tigers 
Vo; I 

Trinity moved into the number one position in the latest Intercollegiate Ten* ms Coaches Association 
Top 2o poll 

Tin* Tigers, vv ho were ranked four) ll, gallied the top spot tis 
\ ii tut* of their National liber­ 

 ia I ll OII. Tune JI 

 collegiate Indoor Team cham- pionslitp iii Madison. VV is 
I ( LA moved into the second position, while Southern < alum ­ ina fell from the top position to third 
Stanford is fourth aud 
Princeton fifth. 

NEW NORK ( AID — Baseball Commis­ sioner Bowie Kulm approved Charles (). 
Fin ley s $4oo,9oo sale of pitcher Paul 
Lm dblad from Oakland to the Texas 
Rangers Thursday. But Kulm said lie'll keep a sharp eye on future dealing by the feisty ow tier of the A's. 

Kulm s decision w a s announced in a five-page release distributed by his office, The commissioner was unavailable lur comment 
Vt a three-hour hearing Wednesday in Dallas. 
Kuhn interviewed Finley, with whom he has had frequent clashes iii the past over the sale of players file sale of the lclt-huuded reliever was delayed by 
Kulm pending the hearing 
The commissioner said—at Hie hearing aud iii his decision—In* leu red Tinley was liquidating 
Ins ball club 
Kulm had been accused by Pulley of lacking "the guts or authority to cancel the salt* 
The commissioner said he was satisfied “ on the basis ut the evidence (lev* loped ut the hearing that the * ae of Undblud s contract to Texas should not Im* disapproved 
Kuhn cited swum testimony bv Finley deny mg any liquidation plan, the recent signings of the A s which have increased the number of players under con­ tract lo 29 aud Lmdblad s age ('Mi) as smut* of Ho* reasons tor approving the sale to the Hangers 

BOOTS 
FOR WORK OR PLAY! 

ACME - 

, I 
Stylo #16o5 - Brown 
Stylo #16o7 -Ton 
Pull holts, Antique finish, Neola* Solo 

NACONA 
Stylo #476o 
• Ton, 12” Top 

#6o22 Roughout 

*49<>o 

OPEN IO to 6 MON.-SAT. 
OPEN IO to 8 THURSDAYS 
3 AMK AMERIO ARD, MASTER CHARGE 
1931 N.W. MILITARY h w y . - 
WESTERN STORE 
341-41o1 
Jo- ,£■>* arzg 'tt* * astatic*. 

( O n t h e N o r t h s i d e ) 

San A n to n io 
Rogers golfs way 
E x p r e s s 

I________________ __ 

Robinson 
SPORTS 

P a g e 
1-F h 
F rid a y M a r c h 4 1 9 7 7 

Boys AH-Citv cage 
J 
J 
~ team com ing Sunday 

Page 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

F R ID A Y 
P ro B aske tb all: Spurs at New York Nets 7 OS 

 p rn 
C o lle ge B a s e b a ll: O k lah o m a O ' v at P a n 

A m erican (2), 6 p m. 

A m ateur Boxing: Golden G loves, M unicipal 

Auditorium , 7:3o p m 

T ra c k : Bord er O lym pics. M artin Nigh School. 

L o re d o 
H igh school p re lim in a rie s. I p m . 

 tumor college prelim inaries. 8 o rn 

College Tennis: St M a ry s men and women 

3 cora-Bing C ro sb y W o rld U n iv e rs itie s Tour nam ent, G u od alo iara. M exico 

College Basketb all: Southwest Texas wom en 

 and Texas A S I wom en at t a i a w state Tour nam ent, Edinburg 
High School Baseb all: See schedule elsew here on this Doge 
S A T U R D A Y 

P ro Basketball: Sours at Buffalo, 7 p m 
College Baseb all: Bee County vs Son Anton rob 

College (2), Olm os P o rk , 13o p m 
Phillips al 

Texas Lutheran (2), I p m. 
O klahom a City at 
Pan A m e ric a n *?), 6 p m , Baylo r at St M a ry 
I 
D rn 

A m a te u r B o x in g : G o ld e n G lo v e s F in a ls . 
M unicipal Auditorium , 7:3o p rn 

High Sch oo l B a s k e tb a ll: A A A A R e g io n a l 
Tourn am en t. Blossom A thletic Center. 
B u r ­ bank vs. Kennedy- IO a rn.. Austin Reagan vs 
C orpus C h risti M oody, noon C h a m p io n sh ip gam e at 8 p.m. 

T r a c k : 
B o r d e r O ly m p ic s . M a r t in H ig h 
School. Lare d o 
U niversity p relim inaries, 8 3o a rn ; high school and lunlor college fin als. I p.m .; university finals. 6 p m. 

College Tennis: Trinity men a l U C L A , 4 p m. 
Schreiner men and wom en a l Southwest Texas, 
I n m 
St. M a r y 's m en and w orsen at San 
Isadora Bing Crosby W orld U n iversitie s T o u r­ nament, G u od alo iara. Mexico 

C o lle g e B a s k e t b a ll: T A IA w S ta te T o u r ­ nament, Edinburg. 

R u g b y T exas A & M vs. San A ntonio <21. 
Olmos P a rk , 2 p m. 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 

C A M P B E L L C O N F R E N C E 

Pa tric k Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 

Philadelphia 
4o 
13 
I? 
«2 
263 
N Y. 
Islanders 
39 
17 
9 87 
??*> 
Ailanto 
76 
27 ll 
61 
7oS 
N Y , 
R an gers 
23 
29 
13 b9 
27o 

Sm yttie Division 
St 
Louis 
V 
3o 
7 
6' 
189 
Chicago 
23 
34 
IO b l 
2U 
Colorado 
19 
31 
11 
49 
19o 
Minnesota 
16 
33 
IS 
4 7 
189 
Vancouver 
19 
4o 
7 is 
174 

W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 

N orris Division 
M ontreal 
49 
7 
IO 
1o8 
37o 
Pittsburgh l l l l 
I? 
66 
2oo 
Los 
Angeles 
16 
18 
I? 
61 
2'3 
Washington 
19 
.is 
I 
Si 
181 
Detroit 
16 
IO 
8 
4o 
162 

Adorns Division 
Rubato 
4o 
19 
6 
86 
? JI 
Boston 
37 
21 
7 
81 
246 
Toronto 
<*7 
27 
9 
6 7 
2 S • 
Cleveland 
2o 
H 
IO so 
189 

W ednesday s G am es 
Vancouver 2. Ailanto ' 
Los Angeles S, Pittsburgh o 
Buffalo 6, Chicago 3 
C levelond 4. Toronlo I 
St Louis 2. Colorado 2 
Thursday s Gom es 
Boston 4. New York Rangers I 
New York islanders 4, Detroit 2 
Philadelphia S. Vancouver 2 
M ontreal S, Pittsburgh I 
Washington 7. Chicago I 
Buffalo 7, Los Angeles 2 

F rid a y ’s Gom es 
No gam es scheduled 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 

E astern Divsion 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
Quebec 
3? 
24 
I 
IS 
169 
Cincinnati 
31 
28 
3 
6S 
279 
Indianapolis l l 
?9 
I 
61 
2o9 
New 
England 
26 
34 
6 
SS 
216 
Birm ingham lb 
37 
3 b l 
111 x Minnesota 
19 is 
S 
4j 
136 

W estern Division 
Houston 
38 
19 
6 
87 
748 
Winnipeg db l l 
I l l 
?9? 
San 
Diego 
34 l l 
3 
71 
?I2 
C algary 
26 
31 b bt 
19b 
Edm onton 
26 
37 
2 
64 
182 
Phoenix 
24 
37 
3 
.SI lib x franchise disbanded 

W ednesday s G am es 
San Diego 2, New England o 
W innipeg 4. Quebec J 

Thursday s Gom es 
C aiag ary 4 Birm ingh am 2 
Edm onton S. Winnipeg I 

F rid a y s G am es 
Houston at New England 
San Diego of Indianapolis 

GA 
I 76 
168 
213 
239 

H I 
144 
231 
2.61 
249 

163 
21o 
2o2 lbs l l 8 

18o 
2oo l l 9 
226 

T E X A S T E N P IN 

T he Texas Tenpin begins the first of 16 wee i ends of ortivitv at 9 a rn Satu rd ay of the High land Social Club lanes. The tournam ent, the oldest and largest in the state, will have entries from 
Boerne, New Braunfels, Seguin. Schulenburg, Lo 
G ra n g e , B re n h a m . S e a ly . A u s tin , R o s e n b e rg 
Richm an. Texas Cliv. Galveston, Houston, and Son 
Antonio. This is the first time the 61 vee r old event is being held at the Highland Social Club, located at 29?9 W W W hite Rd. The opening weekend of competition in the state club tourney will feature 
3o team s from the San Antonio Turner 

 l i o l f 

T U R T L E C R E E K 

L O IS jen ke. 1o1 4o 61; Sue Crum . 86 16 69, Ja n e 
W ilm er. 87-15-72; L P . Cookie Belm skv. 32. 

A LA M O C IT Y 

The Alam o C.itv Golf Association wilt hold its weekly tournament at ll a ni 
Sunday 

Y M I ' A 

G A 
231 
23o 
231 
25o 
21o 
129 

166 
237 
212 
2o8 
242 
299 

B A S K E T B A L L 

The Central Y M C A is accepting team s tor its first Spring Break Basketball tournam ent and ds 
Spring Basketball League th e en try tee tor the tournament, lo be held M ur 
9 12, is SIO and the in st I? learns will be accepted 
O nly C lass A teams are eligible for the Spring Leagu e, entry fee is VO cmd it is due on M ar 
16 

H o rse * It ii r ii i # 

G U L F S T R E A M : 
F e a tu r e 
- 
Ir is h S o n n e t 
♦ S6 6o). Tristana, K a v Bo-bv 
One and one six teenth miles in I 46 26 

G A R D E N S T A T E 
Featu re - Pa m p a s Villain 
(117 4o1. Fellow H eir, Valentine Surprise 

A Q U ED U C T : 
S26.ooo National P u rse — F rotello 
Ir e d (66 6o1, Honorable Guest, Cattan 
Six furlo ngs in L IO 35. 

B O W IE 
Featu re - Hunch ($2 8o). N orthern 
Match, Seanev Be ar Seven furlongs in I 22 46.. 

O A K L A W N 
Featu re - 
Kien khtso (619 4o), 
Roman Zipper, king Jodv. Six furlongs in I 12 45. 

SA N TA A N IT A 
Feature - Mio Am ore (S I 8o), 
Rosev Hill. Pennygown One and one eighth m ites in I 48 IS. 

L O U IS IA N A 
D O W N S fe a tu re 
- 
Flig h t 
Ll 

*67 6o1. Pig e o n s P a rtv . Queen Caddom ead 
Six furlongs in I IJ 

G O L D E N G A T E 
61o ooo F e a tu re — G entle 
King ($3,4o), M argin Call, Ja m a ic a Jim 
One and 
I 16 miles in I - 4J 4 5 

S o i l I>ji 11 

T E A M S N E E D E D 
Three women s slow pitch team s needed for C (tv 
Recreation League ( a il Le vv Ja m e s at 828 S i l l 

A u lu IK j iI I v 

B o w l i n # 

B L U E B O N N E T Q U E E N S 

The 1977 Texas Bluebonnet Queens Tournam ent, 

 conducted bv the Texas W om en s B o w lin g As soacition. w ill roll this weekend ai Bro n co Bow l in 
Oollas. S y lvia Bro vles. the tournam ent direr tor from Son Antonio, reported that 17o wom en bom m ord than 4o Texas cities will he vyin g tor a pri.'e fund of $3,S7or Svbil W nght. Sh irley Lehm an, inn 
R eim o n n , L in d a Fo x, NHdcf T hom as. S h e ri ie 
D u n lap . M v r t D e F iiy , S h irle y H e n ry , D e b b ie 
C ou/on. D e e C u r r y . J a c k ie la c k s o n 
W i'm a 

H ew g ie v, Cl a r a G rim e s , E Hi 
Tom c/vk 
M at ie 
Denm an. Bettie G eisler, P en n y M c L e a n 
L a u rie 

Scales. Jo v e Je a n Sm ith. Ctndv Johnson rvbitv 

Falconer. Rbodo M arm oieio. Ju d i B ro th e rs 
F a y 

Tidrtck and Ned Recrott a re the local wom en entered 

B O R D E R R A L L Y E 

The Son Antonio Sp o rts C ar A s s o c ia tio n is preparing for its 14th annual Border R a liv e 
The fauve wilt be from the Alam o City to Del Rio on 
Aug 
I t 
Fo r fu rther inform ation c a ll M ich a e l 
Confisk at 658 4574 or 225 2222 

MIA ----------------- 
S I a n i l i n ; : * 

P c t 
6oo 
— 
•-OO 
6 
152 
9 

171 
14 
317 
17 . 

6o7 
— 

St I 
I . 

641 i t 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 

Atlantic Division 
W 
L 
Pct. 
GB 

Philadelphia 
6 24 
Boston 
New York Knicks 
26 34 
B otto lo 
73 19 
New York Nets 
2o 
4 
Central Division 

Washington 
7 21 

Houston 
Son Antonio 
34 2$ 

Cleveland 
New O rleans 
26 35 
426 

Atlanta 
7 J 
* 
9 7 

W E S T E R N C O N FE R E N C E 

Midwest Division 
Dee *ec 
4> 21 
66 ’ 
Detroit 
37 
>6 
.8 7 
Kansas City 
Chicago 
79 j t iou 

Indiana 
38 V, i i i 
M ilw aukee 
3* i i 
321 

Pacific Division 

Los Angeles 
39 23 
679 
Portland t® 25 
6o3 
Golden State db 28 
5e> 

Seattle it 
• let 

Phoenix 
26 .is 
426 
Wednesday s Gomes 

Indiana lift. Buffalo 1o8 kansas City l l ? New York Nets IOO 
Washington HS. D enver t i l 
Houston ITO Los Angeles H3 
Coir ago ICI®, Pnoen** IO! 
Cleveland 1o4. seattle *5 

Thursday's Game 

Gulden state 12' Philadelphia H9 

Friday s Gomes 
Washington at Atlanta 
Buffalo at N e w Cb'eons 
Son Antonio at New York Nets 
Boston of Detroit 
Golden State at Phoenix 
Chit ago Of Las Angeles 
Cleveland at Pot bund 

W ednesday* ii l»l€* 
A H A box#** 

C LE V EL A N D I 1o5) B re w e r ,'u tft. R. rn 

•jmoe'f I i ? , . W illiam s Du i 
S E A T T L E ( IS I 
W eath ers* 

F A L C O N L A K E 

C A L A V E R A S L A K E - pinner pail in three to toe 

. ti o t Norwood 
4 
o tQtOtS J I 2 1 i i btl 
Cleveland 
Seattle 
Tofoi louis — C ie 
* — i nones A — t i o 

 l l l l 
34 
Jo - I8 i 

24 
16 
21 
J I - IS 

L A K E B U C H A N A N - 
White pass and cm p p i ne water is choppy and d e a r 

L A K E L B J - W hite d o ss at Sandy Creek Crop pie at the aam The water is calm and m urk y 

WHOLESALER’S SALE 
Freight Dam aged & Odd Lot Mdse. 

SAVE Up To 5 o % 

• Built-in Appliances 
• Kitchen Cabinets e O vens A Ranges 
• Refrigerators 

• Dishw ashers 
• Cook Tops 
• M icrow ave O ven s 
• Vent H oods 

Most items have some dam age or imperfections and are priced accordingly. All appliances are in working order and hove original factory warranties. 
SALE ONE DAY ONLY 
Sat. March 5th • 9 A.M . - I P.M. 
1121 East Houston 

5 blocks oast of dow ntow n Post Office 

M r r m r r m m w m w w w w a 
* 11 i M 
M 
M 
M 
M 
M 
M 
M 
M 
M i 

RUBEN R IO S, left, gets a glove in the face Thursday night from 
Ricky Hernandez during Golden Gloves action. Story, Page I F. — 
PH O TO BY PAT H A M ILTO N 
Tigers upset 

Cage upset 

GREENSBORO. 
N C. (A P) - Marc lavaroni hit a tur­ naround bank shot from close range with two seconds to go as defending champion Virginia upset second-seeded 
Wake Forest 59-57 in the first game of the 
Atlantic Coast Con­ ference basketball tournament Thurs­ day. 

Wake Forest’s Skip 
Brown missed a desper­ ation .innipsliot from half court at the buzzer. lavaroni’s shot came nine seconds after Dea­ con freshman Frank 
Johnson converted two pressure free throws that tied the game 57-57. 
The 
Deacons had trailed 4S-44 with 1o:18 to go. tint outscored Virgin­ ia O O over the next fixe minutes to take its first lead since late in the first half. 
Wake Forest finished the season 2o-7. 

TYPIWRITER 
CUNIC 

■ rn m -t, aim 

• Clean 

• Oil 

• New Ribbon 
— SPECIAL 

3 DAYS ONLY 
FRI.-SAT.-MON. 

M O N.-FRI. 9 -6 
SAT. 9 -2 

Continental isiness 
Equipment 

7 o 2 o San Pedro 
8 2 8 -8 2 7 6 

SPECIAL TO IHE IX PR (5,6 
MALIBU, Calif. — Pepperdine shocked Trinity Thursday, 6-3, spoiling the top-rated Tigers’ meeting with UCLA Saturday. 

The shocking loss followed on the heels of T rinity’s fi-3 victory over 
Southern California Wednesday. FSC had beaten Pepperdine earlier by the same score. 
The lOth-ranked Waves won each of tile tup three singles events in handing the Tigers only their second loss in ll matches. 
Eddie Edwards ut Pepperdine hand­ ed Larry (Jottfried a 7-5, 3-fi. 6-3 set­ back in No. I singles. 
Pepperdine had to come from behind but won both the Nos. 2-3 singles as Leo 
Paylin stopped Tony Giammalva. 2-6. 
(4-2. 7-6 and Shiran Saresh halted Erick 
Iskersky. 1-6. 6-4. 6-1 

Ben MeKoun and Dave Benson in 
Nos 4-5 singles won their matches for 
Trinity. McKown whipped Craig 
Edwards, 6-3, 7-5. while Benson rallied for a 6-7. 7-6, 7-6 nod over Maurice 
Hunter. 
Dean Graham of Pepperdine defeat­ ed Mike Davidson. 6-1. 6-o, in No. 6 singles. 
The Waves won two of the three doubles. Trinity’s only victory coming by McKown and Iskersky, who shack­ led Hunter and Graham in straight 6-3 sets. 
Eddie Edwards and Paylin handed 
Gottfried and Giammalva a 6-1. 7*5 defeat, while (raid 
Edwards and 
Saresh tacked a 6-2. 2-6, 6-1 setback on 
Davidson and Benson. 
Trinity is off Friday, then returns to action against UCLA at 3 p rn. Satur­ day. San Antonio time. Tliat match concludes the Tigers’ West Coast tour. 

T A IA W S T A T E C A G E T O U R N E Y 

At Edm burq 

F IR S T R O U N D 

Wayland Baptist HO, Texas W esleyan ,14 
Southwest tex as 58, Lam er 54 
HOU Mon ll. ATLI 59 
I e*us 9o, lin o s Tech 72 
Buvlor 115, Sam Houston 68 
ToHetou 67, Hardin Sim m ons 61 
AAM 69, U TA i i 
S F A 97. Angelo St. 67 

S E C O N D R O U N D 
W ayland Booby* 93. SW T 47 
Texas 64. Houlton 63 
Buviur 82, T a rlto n 4o 
S F A 1o6. A& M 67 

T O U R N A M E N T S 

ACC 

F irs t Round 
V agin a 59. W ake Forest 57 
Clemson 87, Duke 71 

MetroooMon 
First Round 
Georgia Tech ll, F lorid a St 67 

EC A C Division I 
Holy Cross 89. Connecticut 77 

E iftliin # lt<»|M»rf 

 south Texas fishing has reprom ed stable this week as sheik led trout dominates bay tismng and iHjii k pass are plentiful rn the lakes 
There is shti limited offshore the wand angling due to 

LA G U N A M A D R E — su e rk ted trout am i drum ut bothn B a y 
W btl mg rn the surf th e w ater is cairn and clear 
Live bait is not avanabtt 

R O C K P O R T - 
S l i ck n I ti out re d li .n and drum at tnt Slo g an Basin 
The water is conn and clear L 'v e bait is not available 

C O R P U S C H R IS T I B A Y — Dr urn and whiting at m arker 61 
The water is ChOOdV and m urky 
Live pail is not avan aoie 

P A D R E S U R F — 
D ru m and w h itin g at the 
I* ,iring OW! 
The water is f Uo ih jv and m u rk y Live bud is not available 

PO R T IS A B L E L — 
O rem at m orker 119 b t.) fish Of m ark er 89 
The w ater is C hap p y o nd m urky Live trad is available 

P O R T O C O N N O R — 
F launder at the docks 
The water is tnooov and clear 
L iv e bad is not 

L A K E C O R P U S — 
Black boss at the fishing 
•hi 
Iii* water is choppy and m urky 

A M IST A O L A K E — 
White, sh in e d cmd O'atfc ass up the river 
The w ater is calm and m urky. 

C A N YO N L A K E — 
Black d o ss in the shallow luti-r 
White boss and Cf OC DM.' lh the river 
Th# liter is calm and m urky 

1 1 ^ B a s e b a l l 

F R E D E R IC K S B U R G T O U R N E Y 
F irs t Round 

Boerne 
2o7 JJU o - 8 ti 
3 
F teds b u tg J V 
OOO o4o o — 4 
5 
5 

K e rrville 
OOO OJO OOO o o — 3 
Moly Cross 
OOO o1o 7oo OI - 4 

( l l Innings) 

Robinson. Smith (61 and Lee. N a v a rro . G u sm an 
(Si and Gonzales W — Gusm an (2 o) 
L - Sm ith 
IO ll. Ronnie Gon/aies singled in D ave G u sm an with w inning run otter latter w a lk e d , w ent to second on attem pted pickoff w ild throw and to tnird on passed bod 

W inners' Sem ifinals 

Boerne 
IOO OOO o — t 
3 
o 
Notv Cross 
o2o OOO x— 2 
3 
4 
B u s s an d C o le , 
C a ld e r o n a n d G o n / o te s 
W —Calderon t oi 
L —Boss (O H 

Losers' Sem ifinals 

F reds burg J V 
2oo OOO 1 — 3 
6 
7 
K errville 
7o1 
OIO k— 4 
8 
o 
Grotto, M am ins (31 and C G ran a; K oiser cmd 
W ay W —Kaiser (IO ). L —Orono 

F rid a y 's Gam es 

Poteet vs Fred ericksb urg ta a rn 
Hondo vs 
Southside. I? I i b iri . two losers. 2 JO p m two winners. 4 IS p rn 

N E W B R A U N F E L S T O U R N A M E N T 

Austin lr avis t 
SHO IOO — 4 
San M arcos 
UI2 112 — 7 
W - Quintero L - Bat roo G a m i- coiled atter six innings because cif rum and had Other gam es 
Postponed 

D IV IS IO N ll 

T gravis JV 
OOO IO — I 
2 
3 
Con* 
423 UT — lo 
I.’ 
I 
Bollard. Alvarez ( J ) and Salinas. K ro w tz v k and 
Mike Hagen, M ark Mogen ( J ) 
W — K ra w c /y k 
<1o1 
L — Bu hard 
H R — Com, AAike H agen i i ) , inst two on, Brion Faw cett it ), third, two on 
Fawcett and P a rre d Kurek both 3 ; Kprek getting a double 
Jo e K ra w c / v k tan n ed n in e in firs t pitching appearance in Cougar career 

O T H E R R E S U L T S 

Kenedy ll. New Braun fels Canyon J V I 

U V A L D E T O U R N E Y 

F irs t Round 
D H A N IS t, C A G L E P A S S o 

O Hums 
OOI OOO o — 
1 
5 t erg in Pass 
OOO OOO o — o 
4 , 
Kenny Rothe hurls first four Innings tor w inners, brother Ronnie Rothn finishes up Eag le s msn two r ghthanders 
Only ran cam e on field er s choice 
Seven starters return off 12 6 D H am s bidistrict chomps of ye ar ado D Hants had only one d ay of p ractice after ploying bidistrict basketball gam e 
T uesdov night 
— 
Sports, pick up 
F r id a y s 
Gam es 

F rid a y 's G am es 

Pleasanton vs M edina V au ev. J p m 
P e u rsa n vs U valde JV , 5:3o; D evine vs, U vald e. I 3o, 

R E G U L A R S E A S O N G A M E S 

South Son West at Highlands, ppd . rescheduled tor 1 JO p m. Saturday 
Fox Tech at Alam o Heights, ppd., rescheduled 
♦or t p rn Saturday 
East Central at Edison, ppd indefinitely 
W heatley at Roosevelt, ppd indefinitely 
Holmes at Churchill, ppd indefinitely 
South Son at St G e ra rd s, ppd indefinitely 
Friday's Gamps 

R E G U L A R S E A S O N 

Centro) Catholic at Jefferson 
4 t i 
W heatley vs H allan d ale. Pittm an Su llivan , OH 

Lee vs, Holmes, tnsettmgn F 
South San at Eag le Pa*.s. 7 3 
South San West at Antonian, 
Clem ens at Judson. 4 is 

 id. 4 IS 

T O U R N A M E N T S 
Edgewood 
At Edgewood Field — 
Edgewood vs (A acA rth 

P f l p m 
M em ortoi vs Lan ie r. I o u r 

At Kennedy Field — kenned y vs 
Bu rb an k , I 

 p rn 
M cCollum vs Jo y , 4 p m 
TAK E M S NIGHT 

W h e atle y s b a se b all team w ill hold its firs t 
Parents Night eyer for th# diam ond sport when me Eag les am y host to M aHondaie in a twin bm 
'.tarting ut 
3 p m 
F rid a y ut 
P ittm an Su llivan eld 

I A r i l * 
- l l l l i l l J I 

F R ID A Y S G A M E S 

D IV IS IO N I (U n ic o rn S ta d iu m ) 

B r a u n f e l s v s 
A u stin S F A , IO a 
Catholic vs Port L a v a c a I 3o p rn le is Canyon vs Seguin, / ii) p m 

D IV IS IO N ll (C om al P o rk ) — Co e semifinals, 17 JU p.m. 

— rn N ew n , 
C e n tra l 
New B ra u n 

P E A R L C Y C L IN G C L U B 

Twenty m em bers of the P e a rt C ycling Club will participate rn the P rim o v e ta B ic y c le R a te Sunday starting at Austin W estlake High School in south west Austin First race is i a rn Sundov. with the m ain event at 2 p m interested p o i ticipanfs m ay call Mike Crees* al 876 8374 in San Antonio. 

Black pass biting on spinner 
C rap p ie also rep orte d 
The 

B R A U N IG L A K E — 
Blenk buss and coltish ut i# dam 
The water is calm and (te a r 

B la c k p a s s b itin g on feet of w ater T he water 

 m m 

Announcing: A Special Price 
Reduction on our Finest: 

• . . the Famous 

A U PRICES EXCHANGE 
NO CHARGE 
EQR MOUNTING 

 u S a l 
PR 6 Radial 

NEW 
PRICE 
F.E.T. 
BR78-1S 
49.95 
2.11 
FR78-14 
59.95 
2.69 

HR78-14 
64.95 
3.o7 

FR78-1S 
59.95 
2.76! 

GR78-15 
62.95 
2.97, 
HR78-15 l 64.95 
3.15 
JR78-15 
69.95 
3.31 
LR78-15 
74.95 
3.47| 

SPECIALI 
SPECIAL! 
SPECIAL! 
SPECIAL! 
GIANT STUFFED OIL A FILTER 
MAJOR BRAND 
WHEEL ALIGN 
TIGERS 
S| ll 
CHANGE SJ SHOCKS 
*9 

(PLEASE PRESENT THIS AD EQR SERVICE SPECIALS) 
The 

N ew 
Tire Co. 
226-4111 

4oo S. HORES A DURANGO 

V 
I ' t i 

I 

M i 
¥t m 
* 
J 

 i 
H 

PRICES G O O D THRU M A R . 5TH 
LIMIT TO (TOCK ON NANO 

U 
o 
R 

IT LOCATIONS] 
CENTRAL PARK MALL 
482o BROADW AY 
19oo BROADW AY 
NORTH STAR MALL 
34oo SAN PEDRO 
22oo E. HOUSTON 
I 2238 NACOGDOCHES 

N O DELIVERY AT SALE PRICES 
PLUS MANY IN STORE SPECIALS 
JAMIE o8 SCOTCH sot...... 

RON RICO RUM 8o PROOF...... 

VAT 69 SCOTCH 86 PROOF GOLD 

SEAGRAMS V.O. 86 8 pr canac 

SEAGRAM S GIN 86 PRO O F.... 

CLAYTON CLUB VODKA so < 

USHER’S SCOTCh M Woof... 

JIM BEAM BOURBON Bor*. 

 ifo o n u u * 
VO. 

C L A IK , 
CLUB 

(jjL - 

 s s 
I *ka»Se/A 

RUBINOFF VODKA nm 

O ' 

C '6 GAI. on. f 

9.89 
— 

9.39 4.79 

9.95 
5.19 

13.89 
7.49 

8.69 4.79 

7.59 4.o9 

9.95 5.69 

8.65 
5.1o 

11.39 6.45 

9.95 4.99 

9.85 
5.25 

8.49 4.45 

12.29 6.19 

8.75 
5.o9 

7.69 4.19 

1o.19 4.95 

7.79 3.95 

12.75 6.39 

6.99 
— 

9.59 4.79 

... 8.19 4.o5 

8.89 4.49 

1o.49 5.49 

 r« 9.69 4.95 

8.49 4.99 

8.75 
— 
BOURBON SUPREME 8o PROOF. 

TEXAS CHOICE SCOTCH .6 p« 11.99 6.49 

T.V. VODKA 8o PROOF 
7.29 3.89 
BEER AND WINE SPECIALS 

FALSTAFF 
LONE STAR 

6 PX CANS I . 2 9 

6 PK CANS I . 3 9 
PEARL 
6 PK CANS 1 . 3 9 
MAZZOLINI LAMBRUSCO sin 1.o9 
^ MAZZOLINI SOAVE sth 1.o9 
MAZZOLINI VAIPOIICEIIA sth 1.o9 
^ 
LEROUX CRIME DE MENTHE 
. 
GREEN 6o PR ....................... HOT. w # 2 9 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Fridoy March 4 1977 in Gloves 

Continued from Page IF and Raymond Valenzuela of CPR won canvas with a left midway through the bouts that both drew ovations, first round, then sent his opponent 
Pastran, who was knocked down in sprawling to the floor again with a the first round, rallied to upset Gilbert crushing left-right combination at the Favella of PPR in their opening feath- end of the round. erweight match. 
Referee Charles Shaw felt Gutierrez 
Valenzuela and Rani Rangel of the had had enough and stopped the bout East Side Boxing Club fought tooth and before the bell for the start of the nail before Valenzuela emerged the second round. victor by decision. Both fighters 
The 2.5oo fans (1.ooo paid) received tagged each other at will, but Valen- some disappointment. zuela got the better of the scoring 
The four Open Division heavyweight punches, matches, all involving boxers from the 
The tournament continues with 59 
Seguin Boys Club, were defaulted bouts F rid a y . because the Seguin fighters did not 
Charlie Brehn, an Independent, and make either the IO a m.-noon or the Steve Campos of the West Side Y. 
5-6.3o p.m. weigh-ins. proved to be the crowd-pleasers while 
Robert Reynosa of Blackies and Tommy Escobedo of Blackies and 
Garza Boxing Club, the 1976 Novice Garza won a decision over teammate 
Division heavyweight king, won his Gilbert Garza in the most scientific match over Pedro Aleman of Seguin because of the costly error. 
Defending champions Juan Ro­ driguez of the Eagle Pass Parks & 
Recreation. Pedro Cantu of the Eagle 
Pass Boxing Club and Danny Favella of City Parks & Recreation won their opening-night matches. 
Favella provided the evening's second knockout. 
Favella, the defending Open welter­ weight champion, started back on the right track by disposing of Lupe Ran­ gel of the West Side YMCA with 1:14 remaining in the second round. 
Favella. who floored Rangel earlier in the round with a left, put his op­ ponent to the canvas for good with a sharp right. 
Rodriguez, last year's Novice Di­ vision featherweight king, won a de­ cision over Angel Chavez of City Parks 
& Recreation. 
Cantu, the defending Novice ban­ tamweight champ, collected a couple of knockdowns in earning a decision over Joe Hernandez of the West Side 
YMCA. 
Alfredo Pastran of the West Side Y 

 bout of the evening. 
Brehn brought cheers from the crowd with his turning in circles in earning a split decision over Ruben 
Gonzales of the South Side Boys Club in a Novice middleweight bout. 
Campos, much shorter and stockier than his opponent, won the battle of 
David and Goliath with James Kovacs, an Independent, in the Novice light- heavyweight match. Campos stunned his eager foe with timely lefts to earn a unanimous decision. 
Barite! bal I 
Colororto Si 8?, T f*o s E l Paso it 
Colgate AS. Alfred ai 
Iowa 78. Northwestern AO 
, Indiana St 77, V alp araiso 7o 
Minnesota Al. W isconsin Al 
S E Louisiana 9f>. Nicholls St RS 
N Carolina St 87, M arylan d 77 
St John s 73, M anhattan 64 
Seton Holt 77, A rm y 71 
Cincinnati 76, St Louis 6 
8 
______________ 

THIS IS A SUCCESSFUL 
BUSINESSMAN... HE 
KNOWS THE VALUE 
OF KEEPING IN TOUCH! 
Take that 

Carlos Rodriguez, left, dodges a right punch thrown by Morris 
McGee during Thursday night's 
Golden 
Glove action. 
Story, 
Page IF. - PHOTO BY PAT 
HAMILTON 
Champ to fight 

ROME (AP) — European light hea- v\ weight boxing champion Mate Par- lov of Yugoslavia has agreed to defend his title against Italian challenger 
Domenico Adinolfi at the Rome Sports 
Palace March 25. it was announced 
Thursday. 
Golden Gloves results 

A B B R E V IA T IO N S 
Flyw eig h t. 
F ro n c is ro Jim e n 
B G B C 
— S tric k le s A, G a r j o 
#>;, N BC , IID. d e c is io n s Robert 
Boning Club. MBC — Northside 
Consol et. O R B C . I l l 1; 
B o v s ' C lu b ; S B C — Southsid e 
Bantam w eight; 
Robert Trull! 
B o vs 
C lu b ; C B C — C ald ero n lo. 
1 1 3 '., 
W Y , d e c is io n e d 
Bovs Club; C P R — City P a rk s A 
Tim othy Lusk. 118 ., N BC . R icky 
R e cre a tio n ; D R 8 C — Del R io 
H ernandez. C P R . 1 I8 1., won a 
Bovs Club. E S C — Eag le P a ss split decision over Ruben Rios. 
B o v s 
C lu b . 
E P P R — E a g le i t s 1«, B G B C 
Tom m y Escobedo, 
Pass P a rk s & Recreation, IN D 
117 
B G B C . decisioned Gilbert 
— Indeoendent, L B C - Lare d o 
G arza. 118 
B G B C . Jo se R u n . 
B o v s 
C lu b ; M Y C 
— M is s io n i t ; ,, B G B C , won a sold decision 
Youth Center; N A LC - Notional over Rodolfo Ruel. 1I6. B G B C 
Aociotionof Letter C arrier* 
SB C 
Light W elterw eight 
Rosendo 
- 
Seguin B o y s 
C lu b ; WY - 
Puente. 138 
D R B C . won a sDiit 
Westside y m c a decision over R aym ond P e t et. 
N O V IC E D IV IS IO N 
137 
. SBC 
Joe Zuniga, US. W Y , 

Light Flyweight; 
Pete R am ir won bv TKO over R ic h a rd Gu et, C P R , 1oJ> ?, won o scut dect b e r r e t. 135 
. N A L C (R e fe re e sion over Jo se G Gonzales. L B C . sto op ed bout a t en d of fir s t 
1o4**. round), , 

Light Middleweight 
C h arlie 
'‘T S n H B 9 E B E K L J jX ; J S B E 2 & 9 n H 
Breh n . Ind , IS ? 
. won a split decision over Ruben G onzales. 
T 
F 
M i 
SB C . 15414. Rout Monde*. M YC . 
SB 
156, won bv d efault over P h il 
• 

■ ■ ■ I 
Y barra. N A LC . 147 
'iJa S h 
Wm &Sm 
M id d le w e ig h t; 
M a u rice 
^ 
H olm es, N S C . ISS, d e cisio n e d 
“ 
* 
M 
Ju lia n Lope; 
E S C . 158 
Carlos 
^ 
■ 
Rodrigue;. B G B C . 169 ,. won a 
St 
SI s o li! d e r is io n 
O v e r 
M o r r is i 
— — 
— 
H j 
M c G e e . E S B C . 
174 ; 
S te v e 
S i 
* 
Cam pos 
W Y , 167 }. decisioned 
J < Jm C S * OVCK llld . >68 

POCKET PAGERS 
CAR TELEPHONES 
ANSWERING SERVICE 
2-WAY RADIO SYSTEMS 

HU RRY! ENTER TODAY! 
TS 
CITY PUTTING 
, m CHAMPIONSHIP l£ lk " 1 H#Mr Go,? 
Free -"No Entry Fee - $12oo in Prizes 

 autophone of ion antonio 
171o n. main san anfonio, texas 78212 
226-3361 

3 Categories - Men s, Women’s and Juniors (under 18) Putt anytime - Ploy 4 rounds to qualify before March S. Playoffs on ties Saturday, March 5th at IH-1o locations, finals - Sunday, March 6th at IH-1o location. 

Highballs • all day at 1-35 ... SOC 
Draft Beer • both locations.. SOC 

2 Locations 

# I IH-35 at Judson Road, 654-188o 
# 2 IH-1o and loop 41o, 349-1375 
LOW PRICES • FINEST SERVICE • TOP QUALITY 
1 
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION GUARANTEED 

ST Only services you authorize performed and at prices you ok d. 
Worn parts returned in a plastic bag. 
Inspect your car.______________ 

' MAX 
MILEAGE 

I--------------- C O U P O N ------------------ 
I 5-YEA R/5Q .ooo M IL E A L IG N M E N T 

 i 
S E R V IC E A G R E E M E N T 

" c ir 

I 
* "CD \ 
• w TD 
TKF* 
For 11 or Mort j 
<* 
Argument* 

| 
M IN IM U M OF $96 VALUE. IF P R IC E D SEPARATELY 
, • ll • rn*** I'tnt U4 *li|nm»«U 
" "" 'I 
» 
« 
I D ' 
I eCkerteM Kent ttet...| tote. 
» T ! 
I • Ckw* 4 wt u r n * <«l* I to. ie 
**•* 
• Check S haft! ..M i kMrwp l r ? 
* ? , 6 M 

•— — — — — — I XFIFFS MASCH 3L1477 — — — — 

O PEN D IVISIO N 
Flyweight; 
R aym o n d V o le " tu e io , C P R . i l l .. d e cisio n e d 
Rout Range!, E B C . I l l 

Bantamweight; 
Ju lia n Torres, 
E P P R , 116 , a sp lit d e ris io n o ver H ector R o d n g u e ;. M Y C . 
116' J. 
Featherw eight; cra n k Jasso. 
N A LC . 174 4, decisioned Alfredo 
L o p e ;. O R B C . 
173 4 
A lfre d o 
Pa stra n , W Y , IJS , won o spilt d ecision o ve r G ilb e rt F o ve H a , 
C P R . 
175. 
J u a n 
R o d r ig u e ;, 
E P P R , 173, d e c is io n e d A ngel 
C h ave; 
C P R l?4 , 
Ped ro Can to. E P B f , 175. decisioned Jo e 
H ernando;. W Y , 174 ; 

Light Welterweight 
Raym ond 
Pinones, C P R , IJ9, KO d Rudv 
R o d n g u e ;. W Y , t3 3 ’., second round 
Jo e Duaue. B G B C , won bv default over Ju a n M enchoca. 
SBC . 1J41 ;. 

Heavyweight 
Robert Reyn o sa. B G B C . 18o 4, won bv default over Pedro Aiem on. SBC- Eddie 
C o r ia , 227 4, won bv d e fo u it over Raul Sonch c;. S B C . can n y 
Cowev. Ina . 183. won bv detoud o v e r R a y m o n d A m o ro . S B C 
(Seguin boners tailed to m ake IO a rn noon or 5-6 3o o rn weighns and were scratched 1 
T a n k e rs collide 
Approximately 
29o swimmers wtll be in ac­ tion this weekend ut the 
Class A A AA Keg ion IV swimming meet at Ala­ mo Heights. 
Su miming prelim in­ aries will Im1 at I p in. 
Friday. Saturday’s pro­ gram gets under way with diving prelims at 
8:3o a.iii , then finals iii both swimming and div­ ing start at 2 p.m. 
The top two finishers in each event qualify tor the state swimming meet in 
Austin Mar. 18-19 

LUBE & OIL CHANGE 
4 SPORTS STORES 
SALE ENDS 3-5-77 
# 4 482o BROADWAY 
#1 2 12238 NACOGDOCHES 
#1o CENTRAL PARK MALL 
# 8 NORTH STAR MALL am i lubric-at 
TfXAS rem ts 

WtPjgp Any 4 mpm an 
J LZ car and Itght truck 

AVOID DELAY 
Call for an appointment today! 

MONRO MATIC Heavy Duty 
SHOCK A BSO RBERS 

TENNIS 
BALLS 

SPALDING, WILSON, GAR­ 
CIA, 
PENN, 
SLAGENER, 
VANTAGE 

FAMOUS 
BRAND 
TENNIS 
RACKETS, 
SQUASH 
RACKETS, 
RACKET BALL RACKETS tEARWHEEl 
DRIVE 
FRONT-WHEEl 
DRIVE 
NATIONWIDE LIMITED WARRANTY 

M o n ro M a t ira will last in normal us* aa long aa you own your car. or Firestone will replace them on proof of purrhast* from Firestone charging only for installation. 
WILSON, 
SPALDING, 
MAC- J I 
GREGOR, RAWLING, GARCIA, 
SWINGER, CENTURY 

TENNIS CARRYING CASES 
VINYL AND HARD SIDE 

O UR REGULAR 
PRICE 
FOREVER BATTERY 
M a in te n a n c e F r e e 
ENERGY SAVING TUNE-UP only S ( 
M ost 
6 r yl 

American cats 

 tlectioeic ignition syitnmt ‘ 4 let! 
/* 
Add *4 for 8 cyl Soma air cond 
—-v cart a«tra Includes rnsigtor plugs 

W e l l in s t a ll n i w : r e s i s t O f p lu g s, ig n itio n p o in ts con d e n ser • A illu s t i arb u re to r ‘ Set p oint d w e ll and tim in g 
• 11 st b a tte ry and ch a rg in g s y s t i m • I n s t i l ro lo i 
I'V I 

\ jlv e . d is trib u to r ra p . sp ark plug w ire s, air filte r, fra n k 

C a s e v e n t filte r, an d va p o r c a n is te r filte r 

“ 
" 
OOUM4 
V 
I 
12 volt exchange y 

NATIONWIDE LIMITED WARRANTY 
Flit this battery in your car lf it ever fail* to hold • charge for you in that car. Firestotu; will replace it F K E K w ith proof of pun ha**, providing the battery ha* not been damaged due to accident or abuse Commercial or marine use eacluded 

ATHLETIC 
ALL SPORTS 
SHOES 
^ 

COLEMAN STOVES 

• 4I3G TOWN KURNIK n r n r 
* DflUXI STOVE tjios / J . 7 J a • 4251 TOWN KURNIK a , q r f 
STOVI 
TSI on i l . T 
J 
LEATHER UPPERS. 
WRAP AROUND GUM 
--- ~ 
RUBBER SOU. BUILT-IN ARCH 
SUPPORT. SPECIAL PURCHASE 
(SIMILAR TO IUUSTRATION) 

TSB9ooA 
REG. 16.95 

Front disc BRAKE OVERHAUL only 

Ail Am eric an t ar 

(• ic n p t lu ku fyi 

WL ...af CU J 
»'* 
, A 'C f 
I 
,,r 

(eacep t luKury) 

S I N G H PIS T O N S Y S T E M 
Iris ta ll fa c to ry pre arced lin in g an d reb u ild w heel c y l 
Hiders on all four w h ee ls resu rface b ra k e d ru m s, re­ pack front w bi-el h e arin g s, in sp e ct m as te r c y lin d e r in s ta ll NL,VV front seals, and N I VV re tu rn sp rin g s and h a rd w a re , in sp ect b rak e birses, bleed sy s te m and add n e cessary flu id road te s t yo u r ca i 

In s ta ll lin in g s 
K e b u ild caliper; 

K e p a c k front w heel b e arin g s 
I linier In s ta ll S L W fro n t seals h a rd w a re 
In s p irit b rake Hoses 

 adit n e ce ssa ry flu id H oad test c 
Q-BEAM SUPER 
SPOT 
3oo,ooo CANDLE ROWER. IT 
ILLUMINATES OBJECTS OVER 
ONE MILE. 
_ _ rn 
...... I T O * 

SHO ai to THI fintu 
SFG I ’IM - The Texas 
Lutheran College Bull­ dogs .illumed out to an early, 7-o lead and toast­ ed to an 8-2 baseball win over Oklahoma City here 
Tuesday. 
A doubleheader was originally scheduled but the second contest was rained out. 
TLL’ returns to action 
Saturday at home against 
I* fillips 
Kevin UU, former S A. 
Edison star, slugged a solo homer in the fourth after TLL' had scored four in the first. Larry 
Mireles had a three-run 
HK in the second. 

Oklahom a City OOO 1o1 o — J 
A 

 f i r e s t o n e 
DELUXE CHAMPION a n y s iz e 
AT ONE LOW PRICE 

ROD-N-REEl 
COMBO 
Z c‘ I h \> 

BAIT SAVER 
KEEPS YOUR BAIT ALIVE 
\ 
AND ACTIVE FOR DAYS 
COMPLETE W ITH SCREEN- 
COVERED PUMP TO LAST 
LONGER. 
• 24 GAL CAPACITY a e 

TSO 3 OO 
O 
H 
. y j 

• 12 GAL CAPACITY 
A r i o C 

TSO 3o1 
A 
T 
. V 
J 

• 6 GAL CAPACITY 
A ir a c 

TS63o2 
Z 
O 
. Y 
J 

^ 
4o4 REEL FILLED 
WITH PREMIUM 
ZEBCO 
LINE. 
TS5o4. 
PLASTEEL ROD 3‘/a FT. SPIN CAST ROD, 
CORR HANDLE. REG. I 3.98 mm 

YOUR CHOICE 
OF 8 SIZES 

A7S-D 
F7K 14 
•76-13 
HZK-14 
C7*-14 
o7»-IS 
IFK-14 
M7S IS 

Blackwall 
Plus 1.74 
TO 2.8o F.E.T 
& OLD HRL 

TSI 13o3 

A SIZE S RIB DE SION 

FREE MOUNTING WHITEWALLS ADD $3 

O P E N A N 
W E A L S O 
• BankAm ef Icard • Muster Chgrye • Diners Club 
A C C O U N T rEli'Vu**! 
H O N O R : 
• Arr*rf|(-*n E*presy • Carte B la nch e 
Puces khqyyn in (his ad •veileble al Firexone Store* Competitively priced qhinvir you f the Firestone Sign 

TCC 
JIO IOO « - 8 ll 
o 
Sieve M arcum , E ln o r a (7) ana 
McCabe Mi m i a od Krtpner 
HH 
— TEC. L o rry M irete*. tnr#e run 
*n vecona. and K evin Ort, $oio in tour in 

“SWINGER” 

COMPACT COOLER 

POLYURETHANE 
INSU­ 
LATE, 
DOUBLE 
LOCK­ 
ING HANDLE FOR TIGHT 
SEAL, ASST. COLORS. 

SALT WATER 
I 
ROD-N-REEL COMBO lf MITCHELL 3o2 SPINNING 
I V Bill 
TS31o2 

OLYMPIC ROO ULTRA FAST SALT 
V * " A ? ( I T U M IN O 
'I 
TSS4oo-S4o1 

WeSAWM 
MUMM trrm w e n 
SH6p7"AnT5NT--- 
FOR SYLVANIA-SPUD 

TS2625A 

J 
A 

H 
SAN AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

“FAMILY FUN IN THE O U T D O O R S” 
The 1977 San Antonio 
Camping & 
TRAVEL SHOW 
Wednesday, M a r. 9 — Sunday, M a r. 13 
Convention Center Exhibit Hall 

Fold-Out Campers 
Travel Trailers 
• Pickup Coaches • Fifth Wheels 
• Van Campers ® Motor Homes 

PLUS 
RV Accessories • Vans • Campgrounds 
Marinas • Outdoor Clubs 

TRAVEL 

 n________ 

★ Mexican Tourist Bureau ★R e so rts 

— a n d — 

 ars, Tech collide tonight 
)Coug 

Continued from P ag e IF and get into the N C A A to u rn e y ." 
M ik e R u sse ll, a 6-7. 2o5-pound .junior 
Iron) Buffalo. V Y.. scored 3o points to lead T e x a s Tech to a 66-57 \ic to ry over 
B a ylo r in the other sem ifinal. 
R u sse ll scored 14 points in the first half to giv e T e ch a 25-22 lead at inter­ m issio n . then reeled off IO stra ig h t . points in a five-m inute span of the se ­ cond half as the R a id e rs pulled away. 
B a y lo r 's only offensive threat w as 6-8 so p h o m o re fo rw a rd L a r r y S p ic e r of 
M em phis. Tent!., who also scored 3o points. 22 in the second half. 
S u n A n t o n io 's A r t h u r E d w a r d s sc o re d 8 p o in ts fo r B a y lo r , u s the fo rm e r B r a c k e n r id g e c a g e s t a r hit three field go a ls and w as 2-for-2 on free throws. 
N 
"B a y lo r w as fig h tin g for their life and didn t have a n yth in g to lo se ." said 
R u sse ll, w ho scored 32 points. 
“ W e were tight because we knew we 

 were supposed to win. Now we have to get ready for Houston. I don t even re m em b er them . W e 'v e only thought of 
B a y lo r.” 
B a y lo r eoaeh J im H a lle r said, " I knew it w ould he this type of gam e. I th o u gh t we defe n se d fo u r of th e ir p layers well hut that still left M ik e 
R u s s e ll." 
B A Y L O R <57) 
E d w a rd s J 7 7 8, S p ic e r IO J 9 71. 
M c G ir e 4 O O 8, R o g o w s k i 7 o o 4, P a tto n 7 o o 4. 
C a rlisle o O O o, Jon es 7 o 14. O liv e r o 7 7 7. T otals 73 ll 15. 
T E X A S T E C H 
64) E d w a r d s 3 1 1 7 . D u k e s 6 I I 
13. R u sse ll 14 4 5 37. H ouston o O O o, D u n n I 7 7 4. 
K itc h e n s 3 OO 6. W illia m s I 7 ? 4, R u d o lp h o o o o 
. Totals 78 IO 13. 
H a l f t i m e — T e x a s T e c h 75, B o v l o r 77. T o t a l fo u ls- B a y tor 19, Tech 17. A 14,33o. 

T E X A S A A M (7 7 ):Sw a n so n IO 9 13 79, Jo n e s I o o 
7. F o re m a n 7 IO IO 74, G olf I 4 5 8, R o b in so n o 44 4, 
S c h lith e r I OO 7, Svlestine I O O 7. C a rte r I O I 7, 
P e d e rso n o o>o o, B a rre tt 7 O O 4 T otals 75 77 33. 
H O U S T O N (96): R o se 6 7 3 14, T h o m p so n 3 7 3 8, 
Schultz 4 ?-? IO, T ram e ll 7 o o 14, B ird s o n g ll 8 11 3o, 
W illiam s o o-1 o, Ciollt o o I o, G ib so n o O O o, W in d e r 7 
O I 4. W alke r 4 7-4 IO, F e a rs 7 O O 4, R o p e r o o o o, 
Kelley I O O 7. T o ta ls-4 o 16-25. 
Halftime— H ouston 49, a a m 4o. Total fouls - A A M 
25, H ouston 26. Fou le d o u t— F o re m a n , Svlestine. 
A-14,33o. 
7 like to kill... 

★ Falstaffs Annual Dart Classic ★ 
★ Continous Travel Film Theatre ★ 

OPENS WED., MAR. 9 

Admission: Adults $2.oo — Children under 12 5o$ 

W e d n e s d a y th r o u g h F r id a y . . 5 :oo p.m . to 1o:oo p.m . 
S a tu r d a y 1 :oo p.m . to 1 o:o o p.m . — S u n d a y 1 :oo p.m . to 7 :oo p.m . 

Sponsored by the Alamo Chapter of the Pocruationai Vehicle Dealers of America 

 aam 

H O I S T O N ( A P ) — I d iv e rsity of 
H o u sto n c e n te r M ik e S c h u ltz , h is cleaul> shaven head g liste n in g under the S u m m it's lights, co u ld n't get his team m ates to heed his d e m a n d s until m idw ay th rou gh the second h alf— then they really got the m essage. 
S c h u ltz sp rin te d about the co urt u r g in g h is te a m m a te s u n til 
M a r k 
T ra m m e l fin ally caught fire lo lead a 
I Opt tint spurt that vaulted the C o u g a rs to a 66-77 victory T h u rsd a y night in the first g a m e of the Southw est Conference basketball tournam ent q u arterfinals. 
"J like to kill people." Sch u ltz said. 
Soccer changes 

ST . L O L IS ( A P ) - A ll m e m b e rs of the N o rth 
A m e r ic a n 
S o c c e r 
League s St 
Lo u is Stars will he lull-tim e players iii 1677. 

Th e team w as one of the last to e m p lo y p layers who held re g u la r daytim e jobs and played soccer at night. 

“ I kept y e llin g at everyone to go ahead and put them a w a y ." 
“ I ve seen it happen too often w here a team w ill start a p re ss and sudd enly get hack in the g a m e ." Sch u ltz said. “ I wanted us to get it over w ith so we can think about som ebody e lse ." 
T ile A g gie s, w ho tw ice lost to tile 
C o u g a rs d u rin g re g u la r season, stayed with Houston in the first half as the 
C o u g a r s tr ie d to o v e r c o m e s t a g e fright. 
“ W e w ere tight iii the first hall for so m e re a s o n ." sa id H o u st o n 's h igh - sc o rin g O tis B ird so n g . 

Foul 

HOUSTON 
FO R ­ 
WARD Cecil Rose 
(OO) is fouled as he dunks the ball by 
Texas A&M's Steve 
Jones in Thursday night's SWC playoff game at Houston. 
Cougars won, 96-77. 
— AP Wirephoto 

SECRETARIAL DESK 
BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

*1 5 9 oo 

BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

SYSTEMS COMPANY 
515CUUBW 
7 3 W J M 

MSM 
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE 

Running and jogging is the simplest most effective way to exercise. Become physically fit! And 

 as Spring is so close, now is the time to get out, enjoy life, and become fit in this beautiful Texas country through Man s most basic form of exercise. 

Jogging is available to anyone, male or female, young 

 or old, and so little is required. 

The only equipment required for jogging is 

 adequate foot wear, and it is of major importance. 

Today, new innovations in shoe manufacture make it 

 possible to meet your specific jogging needs. At Mursch we have 

 one of the most complete inventories of top quality running and jogging 

 shoes, making it possible for us to 

 cater to your needs. 
/ 
C S u 

- t it ? 

For example, the Nike LD-1ooo features a 

 superwide, waffled heel and sole, offering unsurpassed cushioning and stability. With this 

 shoe, you can exercise without sacrificing your 

 feet. It retails for $39.95. 

The Nike Waffle Trainer is a bit more 

 conservative than the LD-1ooo. It s stability and foot protection remain excellent, yet 

 as a trainer it is light enough for long distance racing. A beautiful shoe, 

 retailing at $27.95. 
The Nike Sting is an outstanding d is­ tance racing shoe. 
Nylon back, perforated suede front for ventila­ tion, and a flared heel for stability, all combine to offer reliability and main- tainance to the racing foot. Price: $34.95. 
In addition to Nike, we carry shoes by Adidas, Puma, Tiger, Brooks, New 
Balance, and others. Our professional sales staff will be happy to help you se­ lect the right model to fit your needs. 
Come see us today. It s your life. Start running for it! 

6132 Bandera Rd. 
684-2o2o 
HOURS: MON.- FRI. 9-8 P.M. SAT. 9-6 P.M. 

Get Johnny R utherford’s 

REFUND 

1974& 1976 INDY 5 oo W IN N E R 

When you buy 5 qts. of VALVoUNE motor oil and an AC oil filter. 
(at our regular low prices.) 

* Pick up a S3 refund coupon when you buy your oil and filter Mail it. along with your sales slip and tilter hoi top to Johnny 
Rutherford He ll send you his check tor $2. plus a certificate redeemable tor $1 on any purchase at your CARQUEST store. 
Limit one refund per customer, please. 

CHALLENGER 
1o-PIECE SOCKET 
SET 

V i" drive spinner, 
9 sockets. metal case 
Individual price value. 
$17.1o. 

K-D PUNCH & 
CHISEL SET 

Drop forged, nickel-chrome finish, vinyl pouch 2 chisels. 3 punches, mechanic s quality 
* 4o 79 

SPECIAL $8.54 
I SPECIAL $9.95 

I GATES CAR 
| HEATER HOSE 

| Specially packaged in 6-ft 
I lengths. 
V '. 
J *4“ sizes Buy 
I hose at low 
| price now and 
I save for 
J emergency. 

I 
I ONLY $1.59 EA. 

CHAMP OIL 
CHANGE KIT 

Professional quality tilter wrench. pour spout, drain pan. 
Reg $7.66 

# 9-1318 

NOW ONLY $4.39 

C 

ARQUEST is quality: 
Name brands only. 
Those you know and 

 trust. CARQUEST is price: 

Always right. The lowest 

 possible for top quality. 

CARQUEST is service: From 

 the experts in the business. 
ALL the parts for all popular 

 cars, plus professional ad­ 

 vice when you need it. 

WINDSHIELD 
WASHER SOLVENT 

Cleans grime. film. bugs, from wind­ shields when water won t. For all washers. Reg 95c 

#2ooo 
I 
NOW ONLY 59o 

SrHe^BwyamVcXm 

Filter Wrench 
........ 
$1.45 

Oil S p o u t................... $1 32 

Rally Car Wax .......... $3 15 

Engine Cleaner 
$1 9o 

Go-Jo Hand Cleaner 
. $1.12 

KarCheck Dwell Meter $19 2o 

Wire Brush .................... $1.12 

Wheel Brush .................$2 OO 

VW Dram Pan Wrench ... $6 99 

K A W Cart C leaner 
$1.19 

Mechanics C re e p e r 
$9 99 

CARQUEST Fender Cover . $4 59 

Good at CARQUEST Auto Parts Stores and participating dealers thru March 26. 1977 

B & L AUTO SUPPLY 
3916 N ogalitos 
San Antonio - 9 2 3 -4 3 3 9 

B - N AUTO SUPPLY 
1o35 Hot W ells Blvd. 
San Antonio - 3 3 3 -2 4 2 4 

FORT SA M AUTO SUPPLY 
1o17 R ittm an Rood 
San Antonio - 824-o231 

GENUINE AUTO PARTS 
21o7 Pleasanton Road 
San Antonio - 9 2 2 -6391 

KENNY S AUTO PARTS 
19o8 N.W. M ilitary H w y. ' 
San Antonio - 3 4 4 -4 S 6 6 

NORTHEAST AUTO SUPPLY 
37o3 Eisenhauer Road 
San Antonio - 8 2 4 -9 5 o 7 

NORTHWEST AUTO SUPPLY 
4o23 Fredericksburg Road 
San Antonio - 7 3 4 -7 o 2 3 

GLEN O AKS AUTO PARTS 
5727 Evers Road 
San Antonio - 684-731 I 

WESCO AUTO PARTS 
3819 N ogalitos 
San Antonio - 924-5oo1 

1oo,ooo AUTO PARTS 
11345 W est A venue 
San Antonio - 3 4 9 -1 2 6 4 

1oo.ooo AUTO PARTS 
835 S.E. M ilitary Dr. 
San Antonio - 922-1 261 

1oo.ooo AUTO PARTS 
1711 Mick W illiam s 
San Antonio - 828-13o1 

1oo.ooo AUTO PARTS 
2727 M ossrock 
San Antonio - 341-5541 

1oo.ooo AUTO PARTS 
7o19 W . Plaza Drive 
San Antonio - 6 7 3 -7 2 3 2 

RANDOLPH AUTO PARTS 
I 18 W . Byrd 
Universal City - 6 5 8 -6 2 4 6 

 t« W I KN O W W HAT YOU M EA N W HEN YOU’RE TALKING PARTS*ti 
AT MOST 
LOCATIONS 

J 

( 

Spring training 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-— Friday March 4 I 977 

R E D S 
T A M P A , F la 
( A P ) — D a v e 
Concepcion, All Star shortstop tor the C in c in n a ti R e d s, e n d ed a growing m vstery Thursday when he checked into a T am p a hotel atter m is s in g the tirst d ay of 
, spring workouts 
The Reds front office had not heard from the V e n ezue lan in ­ fielder in m onths and there was speculation Concepcion might not report until he reached a contract agreement with the world cham pions 
Three other p la ye rs were ab sent from their first full sq u ad workouts, but the trio hod notified the club in advance. They induct ed two time M ost Valuable Plover joe M organ, center fielder Cesar 
G e ro n im o a n d v e te ra n re lie f pitcher Pedro Borbon. 
B R A V E S 
W E S T P A L M B E A C H , F ig . 
IA P ) — The big bots of the Allan ta B r a v e s w e re all in c a m p 
Thursday as the National League b ase b all team w o rk e d out for three hours. 
Jeff B urrou gh s and Witlie Mon tanez w ere joined tor the first time by fo rm e r Son F r a n c isc o 
Giants' outfielder G ary Matthew s for a trio that the B rave s hope will b ring the team Its m ost potent attack since the late 195os. 
Team m ates sav they expect the trio to add substantial firepower lo the B ro v e s' line up. 
Y A N K E E S 
F O R T L A U D E R D A L E . FIO. 
IA P ) — New York Yankees out fielder Lou Pim elia signed a one year contract Thursday for what he said was "a small ra ise '' over the repoted $75,ooo he received last season. 
It leaves the defending A m e r­ ican League cham pions with eight unsigned players. One of them, outfielder O sc a r G am b le , d is cussed contract term s Thursday with club president G abe Paul. 
We ain t even close," G am ble said later. 
M E T S 
ST P E T E R S B U R G , Fla (A P ) 
- One week prior to the deadline, the New York M ets have invoked the automatic renewal clause in s lu g g e r D a v e K in g m a n ’s con tract, G e n e ra l M a n a g e r Jo e 
McDonald revealed Thursday. 
They also cut his pay 2o per cent, the full deduction allowable under the contract. 
The club h a s IO d o v s atter 
M a rch I to invoke the renew al 

D ierker breaks bone 

ST, P E T E R S B U R G . 
F la. ( A P ) — R i g h t ­ handed pitcher L a rry 
Dierker of the The St. 
Louis C a r d i n a l s s u f ­ fered a broken bone in his left leg T h u rs d a y and will miss the start of the National League baseball season. 
T ea m officials first th o u g h t D i e r k e r . a c ­ quired iii the offseason f ro m 
H o u s to n , had sprained his ankle d u r ­ ing wind sprints. But an ex a m in a tio n reve aled an oblique fracture to the left fibula. 
T h e leg h a s b ee n placed in a cast and physicians say Dierker. 
HO and b eg in n in g his 
Pith m ajo r league sea­ son, Mill be sidelined four to six w e e k s . 
Dierker’s major league r e c o r d , all w ith th e 
Astros, is 1:J7-117. 

Wm m s. 
LARRY DIERKER 
. . . sidelined 

Jitters tough to beat 

By JOHN HINES 
Of THE EXPRESS STAff 

It will be a pair of we 11-hu­ la need squads which hit the court at Blossom Athletic ( enter at noon Saturday when Corpus 
Christi Moody (35-2) and Austin 
Reagan (2o-11) collide in the se­ cond s e m ifin a l g a m e of the 
(la ss AAA A Region IV Tourney. 

All five starters for both teams arc hittin g in d o u b le f ig u re s and su c h quantity lias produced an average of HI 

 points a g a m e for Moody and 78 for 
Reagan. 
While Moody has ap p e ared in two pre\ ions regionals, reaching the finals last year. Reagan won its first district b a s k e tb a ll c h a m p i o n s h i p in school history after building its athletic fame on football (three state titles). 

Theft th e R a i d e r s r e a l l y hit th e jackpot with an 8o-74 overtime v ictory oyer d e f e n d i n g r e g io n a l c h a m p i o n 
Victoria to qualify as one of the four teams for the BAC meet. 
“ We had the playoff jitters and were tight and they jumped out in front us to lead by 14 points at halftime.” Reagan 
( oath Gail Simpson recounted of the 

V ictoria game. 
“ We cam e back determ ined iii the se c o n d h a l f . ” he w e n t on. “ a n d chipped away with two points here and two there. With four seconds left in regulation we tied the score for the first tim e on M ark T a y l o r ’s ju n ip e r from the top. 
“ Then in the o vertim e we got tin* lead, went into our delay g a m e and produced on our free throws.” 
He said the biggest factor in the se­ cond-half rally was that. “ We tighth- ened up our man-to-man defense and kept them to one shot; they were get­ ting two or three in the first half. 
" F o r us to win Saturday, we'll have 

 to play tremendous defense, hit a good percentage of our shots, and not take any bad shots, lf we do that, we can come out a winner.” 
Moody bas now won 17 .straight since losing to Burbank, fil-49, in the se m i­ finals of the San Antonio Tourna m e nt at Alamo Stadium Gym. The other loss was to Houston Madison iii the Corpus 
Christi Tournament finals. 

“ We return nine lettermen from last y e a r ’s 12-man s q u a d , so e x p e r ie n c e has been a big factor." Coach Steve 
(ion/ales said of the T rojans’ success. 

Their personnel will be listed in Sa­ turday’s preview. 

 c la u se ," M c D o n a ld said "T h e 
(act that we did It at this time should not be taken as on indica­ tion contract talks hove broken down It's lust tho! I will no* be meeting Dave every day and we are obligated to renew it before 
M arch IO.” 
C UBS 
S C O T T S D A L E . A d z. (A P ) 
C h ic a g o 
C u b s p itc h e r 
B H I 
Bonham suftered what m ay be u severe m uscle pull in his right thigh Thursday while covering g play at tirst base during the C ubs' three-hour baseball workout. 
F irst b asem an L a rry Bllttner oiso was hurt when a ground ball struck him on the upper lip 

C H A R L E S D A IL E Y r 
LIQUORS 

4 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 
413o BROADWAY • 4212 SAN PEDRO 
• 241o N. MAIN • 71oo BLANCO (STARKY SO.) 

CUTTY SARK 
. 

86 PROO* SCOTCH 
Vt G A L I 

JIM BEAM 

8o PROOF BOURBON.. . . 
1.75 UTER 

SMIRNOFF VODKA 

8o PROOF........................ '/j GAI. 

VAT 69 GOLD 

86 PROOF SCOTCH 
Vt G A L 

PASSPORT SCOTCH 

86 PROOF SCOTCH 
FULL QT. 

OLD FORESTER 

86 PROOF BOURBON 
FULL QT. 

OLD CROW 

8o PROOF BOURBON..........FULL QT. 

DAILEY S VODKA 

8o PROOF........................ FULL OL 

4.69 
9.24 
9.76 
9.98 
4.99 
5.68 
4.99 
3.99 

BEER 
LONE STAR 
MILLER S 
: 1.59 

IONE STAR 
.“1.29 

W INE 

DOURO FRS ROSE 
(ROM PORTUGAL 
1.29 
GALLO 
SPA N A D A 

G A L .1.99 

A S TROS 
C O C O A . F la 
( A P ) - The 
Houston A stros completed their to m on roster T h u rsd a y as the last three clovers signed contracts. 
They were catcher joe Fergu son, se co n d b a se m a n R ob An drews, and pitcher 
Doug 
Kcmleczny 
J. R Richard, only the second 
Houston pitcher in history lo win 
2o gam es, hod signed W ednesday atter a six hour conference with 
Tai Smith, A stro s ge ne ral m an ager 
No contract term s were announced. 
Richard had a 2o-15 record last season 
F rontz 
MVF 

SPECIAl TO THE EXPRESS 
SAN MANCOS — St PVI 
Front/., Southwest Texas 
State's H-ll junior center from Corpus Christi Car­ roll. was nam ed SWT’s o u t s t a n d i n g b a s k e tb a ll pl a v e r at th e a n n u a l 
B o b cat 
Club b a n q u e t here Thursday night 
F r o n t / , a first learn ail-Lonc Star Conferenct 
NA IA L)i ut r i f t 4 st* lee 
Hop. was SWT's leading s e a r e r and r e b o u n d e r w uh 17.2 and 9.9 aver ages. 

Bobcat coach \ onion 
McDonald, who retired at the end of tilt* past season b e c a u s e til hea lth rea sons, also announced IO lettermen at the banquet. 
They are: 
S e n i o r s 
— 
L y n n 
M c D o n a ld . 
4L, 
San 
Marcos; Jeff Frnka, JL. 
Eagle Lake H u e Consoli­ d a t e d ) ; Art Tri I Ii. 2L, 
Belle Vernon. Pa. 
J u n i o r s 
— 
Steve 
E r o u t z . 
JL. 
C o r p u s 
Christi (Carroll): Darrell 
VV is hoin. I L. Bavtovvii 
Lie). 

S ophom ores — Steve 
S c h m i t t , 
IL.. H o u sto n 
St r a k e J e s u i t ) ; 
Mike 
Nelson, IL, M e sq u ite ; 
Mark Barker. IL. El Ba­ st* (Parkland). 
F r e s h m e n 
— 
B r ia n 
D ry d e n . 
San 
A ntonio 
( J e f f e r s o n ); 
N a te 
Haynes. Pontiac, Midi. 
(Central I. 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5 o o 
OPEN 
SEGUIN m o n .-sa t. 
ROAD 
7:3o TO 5 

THI H O M Y SAVER 
WHERE CASH BUYS 
AT WHOLESALE 

T ik i Now Brown)*!* 
Avo. tilt Off t-35-M fol­ low Accoil Road To 
A A R C O S i f n . Turn 
Right to Sogwin Rd. 
Thou Loft To Oar Goto 

EXCELLENT FENCING 
TREATED 
YELLOW PINE 
PANELS-6 X6 — $17.95 ea. 

'JI POSTS • 5” Dia. Pointed - 8’ — $4.89 

 ea. 

Y 4 
W 
On 
BARBED WIRE 
G O O D AS A N Y 

SPOOL 
* 1 5 * * 

CORRUGATED IRON 
AT THE LOWEST 
PRICE ANYWHERE lengths to 2o Foot 
• 2 4 . 9 5 s, 

GOOD 
USED RAIL ROAD TIES 
* A 95 lr ea. 

INSULATIO N 
SUPER SALE 

INSULATE 
WARM UP 
AND 
SAVE FUEL 

PR EM IU M RO CK W O O L 
3 " R -l I 
____ o9Vi Sq. Ft. 
6 ” R -l 9 .......... 16 Sq. Ft. 
O W E N S -C O R N IN G 
FIBERGLASS 
3 Y r" R -l I . . . IO 1/* Sq. Ft. 
6 M R - l 9 .......... 18 Sq. Ft. 

RO UG H CEDAR 
LUMBER 
1 X 1 o - Lap 4 Gap 
.42 LF 
1X12 - R/L .SS LF 

FULL ROUGH 
G EN U IN E 
C Y P R E S S 
’■■I i< 
R/L- 
LF. 

 mTS\5!sc^ 
— 
DITTMAR LUMBER A 

Hie Buick Opel 
Car Showdown is coming. 

Wherein Buicks tough, talented Opel takes on four of its better known competitor; in a daring, fender-to-fender companson. 

 w a — 
- ■ . • _ 
■ • ■ * - - 
- ww ny m is Uiiiwffiious 

Our thinking went something like this. We know Buick s Opel is a little dynamo of a car. But apparently we’re the only ones who do. Because when anyone goes out looking for a practical little import, they look real hard at the other cars in this Showdown. But not at ours. Thus, the 5-Car Show ­ down. W e wanted to show you how good our little Opel is. So much so, 

W hat cfid we fest? 
The Showdown covers a number of areas including; Human Engi­ neering, Utility, and Operating 
Efficiency. We figured that by the time each of those areas had been explored, we d have examined most of the major issues involved in choosing a new car— imported or otherwise. 
In the process, you’ll find out things like whose car is roomiest and whose car has the greatest estimated range on a tank of gas. 
Plus neat little tidbits like which car has the biggest trunk. Which car has the largest gas tank. 
Even which car has the most desirable maintenance schedule. 

Who Vian? 
You’ll find out soon enough. 
Because we’ll be running a series of ads in this newspaper that will cover each area of the testing. Be on the lookout for them. 
At this point, we should mention one thing. We entered this whole 
5-Car Showdown with no idea of 

The combatants fender-to-fender. whether we would win, or come in second, or even come in last. We were confident that Opel would do well, though. So we were willing to throw the little rascal to the mercy of the Showdown officials. 

Let the Showdown begin. 

 that we’ve put our car — and their c a r s - through a series of independ­ ently supervised tests. Just to see who’s who and what s what. 

Scientific instruments monitored various aspects of the Showdown. ffic tests Dmscd • 
No, no, a thousand times, no. 
We enlisted the aid of an inde­ pendent authority, who acquired the cars and supervised the tests.. 
And looking over his shoulder was a member of the editorial staff of 
Car and Driver magazine 
The tests were conducted at the 
General Motors Desert Proving 
Grounds in Mesa, Arizona. That way, we could be sure of the sophistication and accuracy of both the instrumentation and the procedures. 

Opel. We think it’s good enough to take on the world. 
We wanted to show that our Opel can hold its own against its better established competitors. That it should be considered when you wander out to shop for one of these little devils. 
In any case, whether we won or lost a given test, we’ll be reporting the results to you. At times, that should prove painful 
W ish us luck. 

Ag ' 
‘ 
/TST*’ STY 

The combatants, left to right: Toyota Corolla, Subaru DL. VW Rabbit, Datsun B-21o, and Ope! 
IHE BUICK OPEL 5-CAR SHOWDOWN 

Pa g e 
6 -F 
SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 

ASK 
PRESIDENT 
CARTER 

An exclusive 2-hour telephone call-in radio program with the President of the United States. 
Take this opportunity to place a telephone call to 
President Jimmy Carter. 

SATURDAY, 1:oo PM 
EXCLUSIVELY ON 

W O A I- 1 2 o o 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

Trevino backed for hall 

P IN E H U R S T . 
N X . 
(AP) — Lee Trevino and five other candidates were nom inated Thurs­ day for membership in tin- Modern Era category in the World (jolt Hall of 
Fame. 
The committee of golf w riters and hall of fame officials also nominated 
B illy 
Casper, 
Bobby 
Locke. Louise Suggs. 
Peter Thomson and the late Lawson Little. These five are repeat ca n d i­ dates. Tres mo is eligible for the first tim e this year. 
The Modern Era cate­ gory inclu de s g o lfe rs whose greatest achieve­ m ents occurred a fte r 
I frill 
The late .John Ball .Jr., perhaps England’s grea­ 

 te s t amateur, was elected to the shrine by the spe­ c ia l 
P re -M odern 
Era 
Committee. Ball was the 

LEE TREVINO 

. . . n o m i n a t e d first amateur to win the 
British Open, in I KOO. and won the British Amateur a record eight tim es between I SSS and 1912. 
F ra n k 
E m m it. the founder of .Junior (loll in the United States; Herb 
G ra flis, cofounder and past president of both the 
Golf W riters Association of America and the Na­ tional Golf Foundation, and the late Donald Ross, the “ father of American golf course architects,” were nominated for hall of fame membership in the D istinguished Ser- 
\ ice category. 
OUR NAME IS ON IT! 
DON’S & BEN’S SCOTCH 
BOTTLED IN SCOTLAND. 
YOUR BEST VALUE! 
M PROOF 
R IG . SM 4.99 
ECONOMY 

FOTH 

C o o n ’s & b e n ’s 

 r u m 
Imported From 
Puerto Rico 
8o Proof 

R E G . 9 . 9 5 
8.99 

Jumbo Half Gallon 

 p l 
PMR SOTO) 
W RI K U M 

DON’S & BEN’S IO YEAR 
86 Proof 
Bourbon W hiskey Reg. 5.4* 
.................. Economy fiftk 4.49 

EARLY TIMES 
«oproof A Q Q 
Bourbon Whiskey Reg. 5 7 9 ................ 
Biggie Quart * T • rn rn 

J IM B E A M 
8o P• ®of 
Bourbon Whiskey Req I I 69 iumbo't /Sifter eof Q Q Q iter O a # # 

BALLANTINE 
86 Proof fT 
O 
O 
Scotch Whisky 
Reg. 7.69 
Economy Fifth J I rn # # 

OLD 
FORESTER 
Kentucky Straight 
Bourbon Whiskey 
86 Proof 

R E G . 6 . 6 9 
5.49 

Biggie Quart 

ROYAL DELUXE GIN 
.otw 

Roe. 4 .4 9 ........................................................... 
Biggie Q uart 3.69 

R O Y A L D E L U X E V O D K A a o r ; . , . O 
4 L Q 

R e q 
4 4 9 
B i q q i f Q u m 
! 
# 

HEUBLEINS COCKTAILS w h is k y SOUR 9 JLQ or WAllBANGER Rag. 4.29 
Economy 3 /4 Quart J 
# v 
7 

BARCLAY BRANDY 
8o Proof 9 Q Q 
Rag. 4.59 
.................................... Economy fifth y 
* 
7 
7 

LIQUoRE GALLIANO 
Req I I 99 e. ‘ 
• ■ , '“’T ; f«onomy fifth 8.99 

ECONOMY SIZES 

M A M BOURBON 
WHISKEY 
•2 Proof fifth 
.. Reg 4 19 

RARE OLD 12 YR. 
BOURBON WHISKEY 

U 
H O O S f i f t h . . . l a y 
5 4 9 
M cCo r m ic k v o d k a 
9o Proof fifth ... Icy. 4.29 
RIM Y MARTIN VSoP 
COGNAC 
| M a q 
IOfroot fifth . tty 16 95 I 4 . 7 7 

3.69 

4.99 
3.69 

BIGGIES 
DARBY BOURBON 

WHISKEY o n o 
IO Proof .. Quart lay. 4.19 U .Y Y 
DRURYS SPECIAL RESERVE 
SCOTCH WHISKY 
IO Proof .. Quart lay 5 59 
WHITE HORSE SCOTCH 
WHISKY 
I* Proof .. Quart lay. 9.39 
RICH A RARE 
CANADIAN WHISKY 
IO Proof .. Quart Roy. 6.49 

4.69 

7.69 

5.69 

JUMBO VALUES 

CoRBYS RESERVE 
BLENDED WHISKEY n o Q 
IO Proof 
HoHGoiJtoy 1o.29 o . 7 7 
J A B 
SCOTCH WHISKY 
, g o Q 
16 Proof HoM Col hay 17 69 I J . 7 7 
GILBEY VODKA 
A Q O 
IO Proof 
HoH Cai Roy 9 19 O . F T 
MEXICAN SUNRISE 
TEQUILA 
IO Proof . 1.75 litor Roy 9.19 7.99 

12 ot. Coos 
12 Pock 

PEARL 

UTE 2.19 
IJ oi.Com 
6 Poth 

BUDWEISER 
The King Of Beer 
1.44 

OLD MILWAUKEE 
1.19 
No loturo lottos 
6 Poth . . . . ---- 

FAIST AFF 
RETURNABLE BOTTLES 
Coto/24 
Q AL Q 
Plus Dopant ......... sJ.O T 

BACCH U S 
PINO! CHARDONNAY 
SAN ANTONIO’S FINEST WINK SELECTION 

57,2.19 fcooooiy fifth 

RUDOLF M U K U iR 
BKRNKASTCL 
R U SLIN G 
2 
A O lieaomy fifth toy 
299 

Y A G O 
S A N T * O H I A 

 lay. 
2.19 1.69 
Itooooiy 

CH R ISTIA N BRO S. 
CHAMPAGNE titre Dry Pink, Coil 

O A Q l«oaoo»y loy.4.69y#oU T fifth 

TAYLOR W IN ! 
, 
CELLAR _ 
I oho Country lo4, Whit.. Pm 
Oho fifth Lodi So*5.49 

R O L L A D IP T S IT 
§4HR¥R Ettfdohno, 
Vg^giicella, iota Om fifth loth 
1o.95 
Set 

BANANA 
DAIQUIRI 

MIX 
The Fresh, Delightful Taste 
Of Bononas 
. . , 

 or 
PINA 
COLADA 

MIX 
Another Fruity Flavor 
In Convenient l l a*. Con 
Peoria Rican Rum 
69 loch 

GALLO 
RED ROSE 
The Exciting New 
W in* 
Light CrispnGsi A Full 
Body... 

Reg.2.69 

J u m b o M a g n u m 
1.99 

BRONCO 
CARAFES 

Whito or Pink Chablis, 
Vin Rosa, Burgundy 
In Dolightful Serving 
Decanter 
VALU! 1.99 

99 
Biggie 
Quart 

MATEUS 
ROSE or 
WHITE 

Portugal'ft Finest 
Selection Of Wine 
Reg.3.69 
Economy Fifth 
2.49 

SPECIALS GOOD 
THRU SATURDAY 
MASTER CHARGE, 
RANK A M IR ICARD 
HONORED 

CBurTV-ftadto Wined the Week 

MIRAFOIRE 
: 
BIANCO DEL VENETO 
\ 
From Italy... 
‘.69 Economy 

Our Wonderful World 
Of Wines 

IN 1973 o o o 
Ray 4 69 O.YY 

 m u . 2.99 

Ray 2.99 2.69 

 iS r * S f)4 . 4 9 

CHATEAU FOURCAS HOSTEN 1973 
Maut Modal, Fr«Mt ... 

CHATEAU LASSIQUE 1973 
St. frothed, From* ......... 

CHATEAU GAZIN 1974 
Rad ftotdaaoK, From* 
.,. 

CHATEAU D ARCHE 197o 
Smiter*#, tram. 

CHATEAU TOUTIGEAC 
Intr. Dem Men, frame lay. 2.49 I .99 

CHATEAU PELLEROQUE 1974 
LnnitAU rtum uuut IY74 
« a n 
Wiota tardo#®*, Frow. ... key 2 29 I .O Y 

C H A T I A U D I LA C H A tZ i M O U H IT 1 9 7 4 
O 
A 
Q 
Beawtolau. front. .......... Ray. 3.99 « j).4 Y 

WILTINGER SCHARZBERG 1971 
O O O 
Ray 3.19 J . O Y 

 toy. 6 19 4.69 
DRY SACK SHERRY 

PEDRO DOMECQ DOUBLE CENTURY 
DRY SH tit Y 

G olf lead captured by Rogers 

ORLANDO, Fla. (AF) - Bill “ B uck” 
Rogers, another in the seemingly endless line of young men dominating the tour this year, one-putted IO tim es on the way to six-under-par BH and took the first-round lead Thursday in the $2oo,ooo Florida Ci­ trus Open Golf Tournament. 

" h n i o i n e d U.S. voted top skater 

Franklin top trackster 

George Franklin, form er Sam Hous­ ton High School star, leads the Texas 
A&I track team in scoring this year with 3h points after two meets. 
F ranklin ran on the second-place 
44o-yard re la y team and finished fourth in the 1oo-meter dash for 12 points last weekend at the Lam ar 

Invitational in Beaumont. He now has 
3o points for the year. 

Larry Collins, form erly of Edison, is in second place with 25 points. 
The .lavalinas p articipate in the 
Border Olympics in Laredo this wee­ kend. 

Rogers, the tour in 1974 and has yet to win, twice reeled o ff s trin g s of three consecutive birdies as he posted his ca re er-b e st opening round. 
“ I keep reading in the papers almost every day w hat the veterans are saving about the young g u y s .” said R ogers, a bubbly, outgoing native of Texarkana. Tex., and one of the many U niver­ sity of Houston products on the tour. 
“ The thing is. players 
.joining the to u r now. either fresh out of college or from the m ini-tours, have an awful lot of ex­ perience. They know how to play when they get here. 
R ogers, who had to survive tile rigors of the 
Monday qualifying round to gain a spot -iii the tournament field, held a one-stroke lead over 
Mexican V icto r Regala­ do, 
T e rry 
D ieh l and 
W a lly A rm s tro n g , a ll w ith (J7s on the w in d s ­ wept . h e a v ily w ooded. ti,929-yard 
Rio 
P in a r 
Country Club course. 

O R LA N D O . PIO 
(A P ) - fir s t round sco res T h u rs d a y in the 
VOO.OOO Florida COrus Open Col* 
T o u rn a m e n t on the 6,9?9 y a rd , oar 77 Rio P inar Country Clot) course 
Bio Wooers 
Vie Regalado 
T erry Diehl 
W ally Arm strong 
Howard T witty 
Joe Inm an 
Cal Peete 
Dave E icheiberger 
Bob bender 
M ark Lye 
Lee Eider 
M ike McCullough 
Tony Joe Min 
Dole Douglass 
Monty Kaser 
Ken Still 
Danny Edw ards 
Jim Dent 
Charles Coodv 
George Archer 
Dow Finsierw aid 
Roger P o rker 

 itLWf UUUDLi tC m U K i 
<3 a a fro* Spain 
...A**. 5 49 J . Y Y 

M orns Hotolsky 
Tom Joyce 
Bruce F le s h e r 
Andv North 
Gory Koch 
Mason RudoiDh 
G raham M arsh 
Lvh Lott 
Bill K ra lle rt 
Bob Crissv 
M ise Reid 
M ike Hill 
BMI Motion 
Ray Floyd 
Arnold P alm er 
Brian Barnes 
Carlton White 
Ben C renshciw 
Mac M cLendon 
J C Snood 
M urk Haves 
Andy Bean 
Barney Thompson 
G rier Jones 
John Srhroeder 
Frank Beard 
Jim Colbert 
Bud Altin 
M iller Barber 
Dale Haves 
John Jackson 
Jay Hoos 
Bill Cadee 
Jim Simons 
H om ero Blancas 
Lionel Hebert 
Bob Eastwood 
Hale Irw in 
Bobby Lichois 
Forrest F e jie r 
But Conins 
Steve Melnyk 
Al K obey 
G ory M cCord 
Son Lee 
E d Saba 
George Burns 
R H Sikes 
Loony Wudktns 
Bill Pelham 
M ike W ailers 
Jim King 
Stan Shaw 
Rod Curl 
Peter Jac obsen 
Ba* r v Juecket 
DoveMarr 
Bob Menno 
Phil Rodgers 
KermiUuHev 
Orville Moody 
JultusBoros 
Pot F it * Simons 
Bob Gnder 
Fuzzy footier 
CwiHiggins 
Geor ge K hudson 
BooMurpny 
AiBiauks 
Char lieSiftord leeTieviiio c mc hi Rodrigue/ 
BoobyC o * 
GordonJones jm iFerret 
EdSneed 
DonSrkes 
GibbvGitbert 
VincenteFernoride/ 
F W ent inoMon no 
Babby Wage! 
David Holier ie 
Jim Boras 
Cesar Sanuoo 
Curt is Sit* o*d 
Gardner Dickinson 
Bo o lann 
BooWynn 
Ok k Mast 
Duvet ainee 
Rte nordCrowtord 
Mifc .Morley 
Dem bo* er 
Cor ry I legier 
Oaniverson 
Bobby Wodk ms 
RogerCuoper 
BabeHtskey 
Jim Amneson 
PeteB* own 
BooGauibv 
Bob Br uno 
FredMgrtt 
Doug Ford 
DonPoatev 
EddiePeupce 
DwightNevM 
MikeReosor 
EOF argol 
De nine AAc ye* 
Alan T ao * 
C hor lesO wens 
M ikeSuttivan 
RichWeeks 
ButchBaird 
Rick Acton 
Rey Moron reit 
S'evever iota 
ButchG irard woody Brae * barn 
DowNewoutst 
Babby Mitcneii 
Jay Friedman 
‘t tf - H n t if f 
Mork Atwin 
CarryNiHSan 
Randy Ers* me 
SteveTayloc 
L aona ra Tnarc ipso" 
J im White 
J in'Watchers 
SomDonaw 
JunnMahaber 

J J 17 - 66 
34 3 3 — 67 

33 3 4 - 6 7 
36 3 7 - 6 7 
34 3 4 - 6 8 
3 4 - 3 4 - 6 8 
37 3 7 - 6 9 
35 34 — o9 
34 3 5 - 6 9 
3 5 - 3 4 - 6 9 
.36 3 3 - 6 9 
33 3 6 - 6 9 
33 3 6 - 6 9 
36 3 3 — 69 
34 3 5 - 6 9 
33 3 6 - 6 9 
37 J 2 — 6 9 
35 3 5 - 7 o 
35 3 5 - 7 o 
36 3 4 - 7 o 
35 3 5 - 7 o 
34 3 6 - 7o 
36 3 4 - 7 o 
37 3 3 - 7o 
35 3 4 - / o 
35 3 5 - 7 o 
37 3 1 - 7 o 
3 5 3 5 - 7o 
3 6 3 4 — 7o 
36 3 4 - 7 o 
33 3 7 - 7 o 
34 36 - 7 o 
34 3 7 - 7 1 

35 3 6 - 7 ! 
38 3 3 - 7 1 
37 3 4 - 7 1 

36 3 5 - 7 ) 
37 34 — 7! 
36 3 5 - 7) 
36 3 5 - 7 1 
36 1 5 - 71 
34 37 — 71 
3 / 3 4 — 71 
3 6 -3 5 — 71 
37 34— 71 

35 3 6 - 7 ! 
S i id — 71 

37 3 4 — 71 
37 34 
35 3 6 - 
36 3 5 - 
36 3 5 - 
38 3 4 - 
36 36— 
35 3 7 - 
36 3 6 - 
37 3 5 - 
35 S l­ it, 16 — 
37 35— 
36 3 6 - 
36 36 — 
35 3 7 - 
J6 36 - 
36 3 6 - 
38 34 — 
37 35— 
37 35 - 
37 1 5 - 
1! 
37 J5— 
37 IS­ 
IS 1 7 - 
38 1 4 - 
35 3 7 - 

3V 38 
37 36 
3 5 1 8 - 
38 35- 
37 .16 
37 16 
3 * 3 5 - 
38 3 5 - 
39 34 

3 6 3 7 - 
37 36 
37 36 
18 3 5 - 
37 36- 
3 6 37 
3 * 3 5 - 
1 6 )7 . 

3 / 3 6 
35 3 8 - 
36 3 7 - 
37 1 6 - 
37 J6- 
36 3 7 - 
36 37 - 
37 3 6 - 
J7 3 6 - 
16 3 7 - 
39 3 5 - 
o7 3 7 - 
35 39- 
36 3 8 - 
1 *3 6 - 
37 3 7 - 
1638 
37 37 
18 1 6 - 
8 36- 
4638 
35 3 9 - 
37 38- 

3 8 3 7 - 
41 34- 
38 37- 
39 36- 
17 38- 
39 36 
17 I * 
49 36 
38 37 
48 37 

37 38 
37 38 
3 8 3 7 
37 39 
38 38 
37 39 
JR J/ 
37 39 

41 35 

4k 38 i i JO 
36 4o 
39 lh 
4(4 37 ii 4o 
39 3 * 
41-36 
J I-3 9 
3 8-W 
39 Vt 
48 39 
18 39 
4o 37 

41 37 
42 36 
4o 39 
41 38 
4 o 1 9 

TOKYO (A P ) - Six- tfpn-ypar-uld Linda Fra- tianne of Northridge. Ca­ lif., won t he 1977 Wo­ m en’ s 
W orld 
F ig u re 
S kating C ham pionship 
Thursday, saving herself with grace and technical control after a fall in the im portant free skating event. 
M eanwhile, V la d im ir 
K ovalev of the Soviet 
Union traced the best compulsory figures at the start of the men’s com­ petition and a Sov iet pair was un its way to winning the ice dancing title after the third day of competi­ tion. 
M iss F ra tia n n e . the current C S. cham pion, received a total of RI or­ dinals and 189 2H points, which means that eight of the nine judges gave her firs t place and one gave her second. 
She was beaten in the free s k a tin g by a 
L’J-year-old Soviet g ir l, 
Yelena Yodorezova, after the damaging fall in at­ tempting a triple salchow lum p. 
She got up, however, and flew suc- cesslully into a triple toe loop. 
Two other Am ericans were fourth and fifth , re­ spectively Barbie Smith of Denver finished fourth w ith 42 o rd in a ls and 
182.44 points and Wendy 
Burge of Garden Grove. 
C a lif., wound up fifth wi th 41 o rd in a ls and 
182.9o points. 

T 
C 
I L s t a r s 

Blessed 
S acram ent dominated the K IL 3-AA a ll-d is tric t g irls team announced this week. 
The team; 
F IR S T T E A M : 
M a ry Ramos, 
E to e n Edm unds, Anna G a rc ia , 
C in d y 
R a m o s . 
B le s s e d 
S a c ra m e n t, 
Jo s vln Hood an d 
C arm en Johnson. H ealy M urphy 

H o n o ra b le M e n tio n . 
O ro no 
H ubbard. H ealy M u rp h y , Leslie 
Frost, Boerne 51 
A lb e rts Halt; 
D e b b ie M a ld o n a d o . B le s s e d 
S a c r a m e n t; 
L y d ia S a n c h e z . 
Blessed Sacram ent 

 i t c i i j t u n e d c i f ( c f t h e g a m e foi nCUJSWATCH ElCCTIOn 
SPECIFH-The Race foi mayor. 

71 
71 
71 
71 l l 
7o 
11 
72 
7o 
TI 
12 l l l l ll 
17 l l 
V ll 
1o 
11 l l ll l l ll ti ll 
- l l 
- l l 
• I i 
- I i 
- t i 
- l l 
- I i 
— I i 
- I i 
-7 3 
-7 1 
- I i 
- t i 
- I i 
Ti t i 
- I i 

— 73 
- 7 3 
- 7 3 
~>3 
-73 
-7 3 
-7 3 
-7 3 
-7 3 
— ii 
- i i 
-7 3 
— 74 
-7 4 
— 74 
-7 4 
-7 4 
-7 4 
-7 4 
-74 
-7 4 
— 74 
-7 4 
-7 4 
-7 5 
-7 5 
-7 5 
- 7 5 
— 75 
— 75 
- 7 5 
- 7 5 
—75 
- 7 5 
— 75 
75 
75 
-7 5 
-7 6 
-7 6 
-7 6 
-7 6 
-7 6 
-7 6 
-7 6 
-7 6 
-7 6 
- 7 6 
— 77 
- l l 
— l l 
- l l 
77 
- l l 
77 
- 7 7 
— ll 
- l l ll 
78 
71 
79 
79 
79 

“PRE-” 
GRAND 
OPENING 

SAN ANTONIO’S NEWEST C O M M U N IC A T IO N S ETC. IS NOW 
ONN «r 1319 NE LOOP 41o 

(ASTIOUND: Ult North ae ... 
Neiegtfochet, Ri«ht aa Wooed 
Wheel, left on 
Attest 
8* 
WtSTIOUNO 
(ut Harry Wan bach, stay aa Attest RA. 
CAR STEREO 
AUDIOVOX 
MODEL C-977 
89.95 
AM-FM STERIO 
8-TRACK/IN DASH, 
REG. 131.95 

TRUNK/ROOF MT. 
ANTENNAS 
12.88 

N E X T T O 
TRIM ’N SW IM’ 

MOVE UPW 
TMM. CB 

GRANADA CB-7 
REG. 159.95 
M 4 % O O 
G R A N O 
/ 
I 
W 
O O 
( A U C 

O P E N IN G w 
| i 
A 

S P E C IA L 
“ 
W 
1 1 1 . o 7 

MAGNETIC 
ANTENNAS 
18.88 

W V -23A 

R E G . 1 4 9 . 9 S 

ROBYN 23 
5888SAVE 
91.o7 

SLIDE 
MOUNTS 
5.88 

^ 
COBRA 29 

1 
1 
A 
8 8 
S A V E 
I V 
1o3.o7 
23 CHNL. 

R E G . 2 1 9 . 9 5 

“The CB’ers CB” 
MODEL D-2o1 BASE 
FOR SERIOUS 
CB’ers 

• Installation 
While You Wait 

• Full Selection 
4o Chnl. CBS 

• Largest CB 
Retailer in 
South Texas! 

• Service On 
All Makes 

WE FEATURE THE COMPLETE 
MHESlOtfttC 

JOHN 
4 o ch. M obile 

“ GRANT” 
4o Ch. 
SSK Mobile 

4o CHANNEL LINE 

“ W ASHINGTON” 
169»5 
*33995 *429,s 
Communications,Etc. 
NEWEST LOCATION: 

1 3 1 9 N o r t h e a s t L o o p 4 1 o — 8 2 2 - 1 5 7 1 

Oxygen affects a yawn 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I arn a 68-year-old female retiree who has been in good health all my life. I recently suffered from a respiratory problem for several weeks. On my most recent checkup I was found to be 
'well. 
« My problem is excessive yawning. Throughout the day at various intervals I feel tin* need to yawn even though I am not in need of sleep. My doctor could 
.shed no light on this. Do vou have an answer? — 
F YU. 
9 i ' a wiling is one of 
J$ose involuntary breathing quirks about which we know little. 
"Another thing is sighing. 
S i b yawning there is a 
’f-aking-in of air. This deep breath does supply extra oxygen and helps relieve the body of excessive carbon diox­ ide. Too. the muscular activity in yawning and stretching can relieve tension and cause some relaxation. 
Yawning may occur when one is bored or tired, and it is w ell­ known that a yawn seems somehow “ conta­ gious .“ We don't know why the sight of another person yawning can us to react this way. 
, There can be some connection between yawning aud the need of the body for extra oxygen to restore 
"the carbon dioxide balance. Thus, sleeping in a 
U*»orIv-ventilated, oxygen-poor room (or working in 
“fille) can cause the phenomenon. 
Whether your yawning sessions are related to your 
/recent respiratory problems is debatable. But you flight be checked for low thyroid activity or possibly anemia, which can produce a subtle fatigue. 
Also, your retirement may have altered your phy­ sical activity, not to mention the mental side of tilings (boredom). I find in the Guinness Book of 
World Records (the only source I know of for such oddities) that the record for yawning involves a 
Young girl who yawned for five weeks straight back rn 188.Y Not a word on sighing. 
£ •■Because of the risk of setting off a nationwide round i»l wide yawns that s all I care to say on the 
•subject. 
- Dear Dr. Thosteson: Is there any way you eau 
‘3>rove a man is the natural father of a child? Any blood tests? — M L. 
Blood type tests may show that a man could not 
Miavc liven the father of a specific child. They*cannot establish that a man is the father to the exclusion of others. 

You con S lo p Sin y c T ro u b le !" f> the title of Dr. Thoste%on v 

 booklet, explaining w h at sinus trouble re a lly is a n d w h at can be 

 d o n e a b u t a b o u t it. fo r a c o p y w rite to him in c a re o f th is 

 n e w sp ap e r, en closing a long, self ad d re sse d , stom p ed e n ve lo p e 

 yod 35 cents 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday M arch 4 1977 

(Srprcss 
PICK 

8 p.m.: Patrick Duffy stars as THE M A N FR O M ATLA N TIS, the lasurvivingl citizen of the underwater world of Atlantis. He is found washed up on shore near a N aval Undersea Center and is put to work, trying to find a missing sub and its crew. G ood family entertainment. (Ch. 4) 
— _ ---------- 
— •----—.... ............................ .................. .......—’- "mr 
■ 
.•••• 
"V: 
’ 
• - * -■' '■ < 

F r i d a v T V 
Weird role for 
Rick Nelson 

K M O L-TV 
O - N & c 
KENS-TV 
o - C B S 
KLRN-TV 
O 
Ed 
KSAT-TV 
© - A B C 
KWEX-TV 
31 —End 

7 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
:45 
8 

OO its 
13o 
45 

9 

OO its 
3o 
:45 

The Aces 
On Bridge 
Bv IRA C. CORN JR. 

A dollar bill looks much bigger when you take it to church than when you take it lo the race trick. 
Declarer lost 5o points in his plav of today's slam At least (hat s the score that went on the opponents' score card. In reality, the loss was much greater Added to the loss were the hidden points he lost by failing to find the best way to play the hand. 
And like the bettor at the race track, declarer prefer­ red to “see" only the 5o points for the one trick set. 
Declarer won the club lead with his ace and drew the op­ ponents' trumps Then he continued the trumps in hopes of getting some infor­ mation about playing the dia­ mond suit. West was a seasoned veteran and he gave declarer what he was looking for. At the first op­ portunity. he discarded the IO of diamonds 
Declarer thought he had his answer and he discarded two low diamonds, one on dum­ my's high club and the other on the high spade Then he made his diamond play from 
•dummy and the 
‘obvious 
^finessse of the jack went to 
West’s queen West then led a diamond to East's acc and the slam was down one 
"H o w could you believe 
’that sillv signal*’’ thundered 
North. f‘D id you think that 
West was trying to help you 
Vnll SHO 

NORTH 
J V A 
A A K 96 3 
I J I ) 
♦ 9 2 
♦ K Q 7 
WEST 
EAST 
A W M 
A J IO 11 

¥ 6 3 
¥ 42 

♦ Q lfl 7 
♦ A l i t 
♦ IO 9 8 5 2 
4 6 4 3 
SOL TH 
A 7 
¥ A K Q IO 9 7 
♦ K J 8 3 
♦ A J 

Vulnerable None. Dealer 
North, The Bidding 

North 
East South 
Meet 
IA 
Pass 3T 
Pass 
4T 
Pass 4 NT 
Pas* 
54 
Pas# 6T 
All pass 

Opening lead Ten of clubs 

 mond guess unless he is forced to do so Win the club ace and play the ace of trumps Lead a spade to dum­ my and ruff a low spade high 
Lead the heart seven to dum­ my’s eight and ruff another low spade 
Dummy's fifth spade is now high and there is no guess needed in dia­ monds 
Not a sure thing. I agree. 
But a lot better than the odds one gels at the race track. 

Bid With Corn 
Suuth holds 

WILLIAM WINDOM 
...9 p.m., Ch. ,» 

7 a m. (Ch I) - THE TO 
DAY SHOW - A report lront the NBO Forum presents a review of the electoral process by ex­ perts from government, politics anti journalism. 

7 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
GOOD 

MORNING, AMERICA • 
Cerulein 
Rivera con­ cludes his series dealing with child abuse. 

8 (Ch. 5) * C APTAIN 
KANGAROO - The Cap­ tain goes fishing at Sea 
World in San Diego and meets Dwight the Sprite, played by special guest star Ken Berry. 
9 (Ch. 12) - THE M IK E 
DOUGLAS SHOW - R i­ chard Hatch is co-host. 
The 
Hollywood 
Star 
Close-Up is with actress 
Betty Hutton. 

3:2o p.m. (Ch. 12) - H IE 
NEW M IC K EY MOUSE 
CLUB - Rowena Givens, from Wilmington. Calif.; and Jodie Light from Li­ ma. Ohio; are featured guest talent for “ Show­ time Day.” 

6:3o (Ch. 12) - TH E 
M I P P E T SHOW - The 
Mummenschaii/ Mime troupe join the Moppets tonight. 

7 (Ch. 5) • CODE R • Suzy hasn't had a day off in six months and she’s looking forward to one day of rest. But she ends up helping a man trapped in water iii his dune buggy; rescues a runaway horse, and guides the Coast 
Guard and Lifeguard I to two unconscious boaters. 

7 (Ch. I) - SAN FO RD 
AND SON - “ The Lucky 
Streak." Trying to raise motley to buy the Sanford 
Arms, Fred invests their last $5oo in a poker game. 
Lady luck shines on him and he parlays his luck at the race track. Lucky again. So there is only one place to go -- Las 
Vegas. 

7 (Ch 9) - INCOME TAN 
C LIN IC ♦ Following a short discussion, viewers are im ited to call iii their tax questions to income tax experts from the In­ ternal Revenue Service, the Texas Certified Pub­ lic Accountants' society and tin* Accounting De­ partment of the Univer­ sity of Texas at Austin. 

7 (Ch. 12) • SPURS BAS­ 
KETBALL • San Antonio 
Spurs, visit the New York 
Nets. 

IO 

OO 
= 15 

■ 3o 
45 

 ll 

OO its 
3o 
45 

12 

OO 
: I 5 
: 3o 
45 
I 

OO 
: 15 
3o 
45 
2 

OO 
: 15 
:3o 
45 

3 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
45 

4 

OC 
:I5 
3o 
45 

5 

OO 
: J 5 
3o 
45 

(64o) Tok* tour 
(645) Adelante 
(7oo) Today 
(7 25) News 

(7:3o) Todoy 
Tom Brokaw 
(8.25) Newt i 8 3o) Today 

Sanford and Son 
Redd toxx 
Hollywood Square v 
Pet4r Norvholl 

Wh«el of Fortune 
(huck ^foolery 
Shoot For the Start 

Nome Tho! Tune 
Tom Kennedy 
TV 4 Big Newt 
Frank Matthews 

The Gong Show 
(huck Barm 
Oaysof 
Our Lim 

The Doctors 

Another World 

My Three Sons 
Fred MocMurray 
The lucy Show lucille Ball 

Gunsmoke 
James Arnett 
Amanda Blake 
Milburn Stone 

(BS Morning Newt 
Hughes Rudd 
Bruce Morton 

(aptain 
Kangaroo 
Bob Keetbon 

The Price it 
Right 
Bob Barker 

I love lucy lucille Ball love of Life 
(BS Newt 

The Young and the Restless 
Search for 
Tomorrow 

Mister Rogers' 
Neighborhood 
Sesame Street 

Self Incorporated 
Measurers tm 

The Electric 
(ompeny 
Self Incorporated 
Measuremetrk 

(645) (knsroom 
(7) Good Morning 
(7:25) NewsWotch 
(73o) Good ___ 

Morning, America 
David Hartman 
(8.25) NewsWatch 
(8:3o) America 

The Mike 
Douglas Show 
Richard Hatch is co host 

Villa Alegre 

Self Incorporated 
Meosuremetric 

Eyewitness News 
Bob Koop 
As the 
Work! Turns 

The Guiding 
Light 

All in the Family 
Carroll O'(onnor 
Match Game 77 
Gen# R.-tv hum 

Tattletales 
Bert (onvy 
Bewitched 
E Montgomery 

6 
7 
8 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
45 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
45 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
45 

9 

OC 
■ 15 
3o 
45 
IO 

 od 
: 15 
3o 
:45 

 ll 

OO 
:15 
3o 
:45 

Giltiqon s Island 
Bob Denver 
NB( Nightly 
News 

TV 4 Big News 
Gene Lively 
Martha Buchanan 
Jim Dawson 

Sanford ond Son 
Reek) Foxx 
(htco ond 
The Mon 

The Mon From 
Atlantis 
Patrick Duffy 
Belinda 

The Brody Bunch 
Robert Reed 
Hogan s Heroes 
Bob (rune 

Eyewitness News 
Bob Koop 
(BS News 
Walter (ronkite 

Animals 8 Such 
(over to (over 
Self Incorporated 
Meosuremetric 

Tail Me 
Wordshop 
Self Incorporated 
Meosuremetric 

Th# Electric 
(ompany 
Self Incorporated 
Meosuremetric 

Zoom 

Self Incorporated 
Meosuremetric 

(over to (oover 
Self Incorporated 
(ousteou 

Sesame Street 

Eyewitness News 
(hris Morrou 
Hollywood Squares 
Peter Marshal! 

(ode I 

Jam#*. Houghton 
Marty Kove 
Susonne Reed 

Alamo Shrine of Liberty 
V.lta Alegre 

All My Children 

Happy Days 
Ron Howard 

Martha 
Gutierrez 
3 p.m., 
Ch. 41 

The Don 
Ho Show 
Ryon s Hop# 

NewsWatch 
Quin Mathews 
Family Feud 
Richard Dawson 

52o,ooo Pyramid 
Dick Clark 
One Life to live 

Hector 
Bonilla 
IO p.m., 
Ch. 41 

Generol Hospital 
John Berodmo 
KWEX-TV 

Edge of Night 

New Mickey 
Mouse Club 

Emergency One! 
Kevin Tighe 
Randolph Mantooth 

Mocked/ lehrer Report 
Texas Weekly 
Bdl Anderson 

Montgomery 

TV-4 Beg News 
Gen* lively 
The Tonight 
Show Starring 

Johnny Canon 

(I?) Mid Special 

Th# Sonny ond (her 
Show 

Hunter 
James froatiuus linda Evans 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Morrou 
CIS Late hove 
“Soul to Soul 

Roberto Flack 
(12 3o) Pro, Tor. 
(23o) Night Owl 
Theatre 

Income Tax 
Clinic. 

Th* Partridge 
Family 
ABC Evening News 
Reosoner/Wolters 

NewsWatch 
Don Colson 
The Moppet 
Show 

Spurs Basketball 
Son Antonio 
Spurs vs 
New York 

Nets 

 lock Follies 

NewsWatch Special 
"Th# Rote for Mayor'' 

NewsWotch 
Oon Cohan 
ABC Special 
"Th# Winter That 

Wos... the Energy 
That Wasn't'* 

Mory Hartman 

En Son 
Antonio 
Martha 
Gutierret 

Coco Onto 
Berino Cornejo 
Mundo de 
Juguete______ 

El Hijo de 
Angela Morio 
Rolando Borrel 
Johanna Bosoly 

Reporter 41 
Andres R Abrin 
Over Zomorn 
Cure Rodriguez 

Barato de 
Primovera 
Jacqueline 
Ander* 

El Chavo 
Roberto lotanos 
Noc bes Iaporias 

 lucho Libre 
(Wrestling) 

La tmperdorrable 
Amparo Rarefies 
24 Horas 
Jacobo 

Zabludovsky 

(12) Sign Off 

Program listings compiled in His log ore furnished by the television stations ond ora subject to lost-minute tho ages. The news pup-ir is not rk^ponsibb when tieing, ore in error. 
____________ 
____ 

Quasar. 
PORTABLE COLOR TV 
H 
I | | | 4 U ! t i leu energy than 

o ^ t Lightweight, only 28 lbs. 

WOODLAWN 
TV 

1o3o Bandera Rd. 

433-4461 

 make ihi* slam’ You should have played your king of cha monde on the iheory I hat 
West would not volunteer in­ formation that might help you ” 
Do you agree* Naturally it depends upon your opinion of the particular West But why look for opinions when you can have two chances for the slam instead of one* 
To make the hand, declarer should try to develop a spade winner, avoiding the dia 

 ho nth 
I* 

* 7 
¥ A k w IO 9 7 
♦ h J 8 3 
A a J 

North 
24 

JIB 

Answer: Four no trump lf 
North shows two aces, gam­ ble out seven diamonds. With only one ace. six diamonds should be high enough 

7:3o (Ch. 4)-CHICO AND 
T H E M A N - “ Ed Talks to 
God." An old Iricnd of 
Ed. a cheery disabled veteran named Blinky 
(Edward Andrews), con­ spires with Chico to do something lo sweeten 
Ed’s sour disposition. 

8 (Ch. a) - T H E SO N N Y 
NM) CHER SHOW - 
George Gobel aud Cham are tonight’s guesls. 

8p(4)A WATfRBRf ATHING 
•MAN TROM ATlANTISt(Adv ) 

9 U h 
3) - H I N T E R - 
In know n to Jim Hunter. 
Marty Shaw is pro­ grammed by Russian agents to murder her un­ 

 de iii a plot that also in­ cludes killing Hunter. 
Jim notices something different about the girl. but can t come up with the reason. As he tries to find evidence that can reveal what s going on, 
Hit* Russians are taking care of final preparations for Marty to kill him. 

9p(5)HOT NEW SPY TEAM! 
•HUNTER-NEW SERIES!Adv.) 

9 (th . 
12) • N EWS* 

VV \TCII SPECIAL • "The 
Race for Mayor” will feature live intervlews with candidates seeking the top city spot in the opt tuning election i i i San 
Antonio on April 2nd. All mayoral candidates have been invited to partici­ pate i i i the special. 

1o:3o (Ch. () - THE TON­ 
IGHT SHOW STARRING 
JO HN N Y 
CARSON 
- 

Guests intrude Eydie 
Cor me, Muminenschanz 
(mime trio*) and Peter 
Strauss. 
1o:3o (Ch. j) - ( HS LATE 
MOV IE • “ Soul to Soul." 
Roberta Flack, Wilson 
Pickett and Tina Turner appear. At the 14th inde­ pendence celebration iii 
Ghana's capital city of 
Accra, lop black artists from America and Africa lier form 

1o:3o (Ch. 12) • ABC 
NEWS SPEC IA L - “ The 
Winter That Was ... the 
Energy that Wasn’t." 

 ti 
U h . 
9) 
• 
ROCK 

F O LLIE S * Three girls try to make it in show business. 
Iii the first episode, a magician’s as­ sistant, a young Shake­ spearean actress and a star of soft-core Sex movies decide to form their own rock singing group. 

11:43 U h 
12) - MARY 

HARTM AN, 
M ARY 

HARTMAN - Pat cleans up the bv mg room under fire; Merle says Us over 
VMI Ii Annie; and modu­ lates with Big Honey, and 
Mary plays hostess lo another important event. 

Midnight (Ch. I) • IH E 
MIDNIGHT SPEC IAL - 
K c. and the Sunshine 
Band are host to Gordon 
Lightfoot, Jose Feliciano, 
Abba, Heart and come­ dian Andy Kaufman. A clip from the Academy 
Award-nominated niovie 
"Rocky" vvill Im.* shown. 

12:13 a.in. (Ch. 12) • IR ­ 
ONSIDE - (R ) “ Bubble, 
Bubble, 
Toil and 
Murder.” A 9-year-old 
“ witch" and a mentally retarded teenager figure in the killing of an apartment house manager. John Schuck. 
Jodie Foster, Lee Paul and Rod Serling appear. 

12:3(1 (Ch. 5) - PROJECT 
T ER R O R - “ Tower of 
London." Vincent Price, 
M idi a I Pate and Joan 
Freeman star. Upon the death of Edward IV, Ri­ chard murders his king's brother in order that he be named Protector. He then sets out to murder the two young princes to obtain his ambition and win the throne. 

2:3o U h . 5) - NIGHT 
OWL THEATRE - “ Jour­ ney to Shiloh.” Jam es 
Cauli, Brenda Scott and 
Michael Sarra/in star, in 
1862, seven young Texans leave Dallas to join the 
Confederate forces, un­ aware of what the war is ibout, and not realizing lie fates that await them. 

“ I don't mess around, boy,” commented Rick 
Nelson with a self-depre­ cating grin. 
He was using the line he made famous as the youngest son on T V ’s 
“ The 
Adventures of 
Ozzie and Harriet” to explain his forthcoming appearance in a drama­ tic role. 
“ I'm always eager th get a good dramatic role, and I thought they came up with a good script on this," he continued, re­ ferring to his starring role in “ A Hand for 
Sonny B lu e" on NBC- 
T V ’s 
“ Tales of the 
Unexpected" March 13. 
In the suspense saga. 
Nelson plays a major league baseball pitcher who undergoes a suc­ cessful hand transplant, rebuilds his sports car­ cer. then finds the alien limb taking on a life of its own. 
“ It ’s a weird role, science fiction or the su­ pernatural or whatever, and it was very hard to do," reported Rick. who has shunned the diminu­ tive “ Ricky" since the 
Ozzie and Harriet co­ medy series ended. 
Singing career 
Nelson initially par­ layed his popularity into a singing career, forming a group, performing at nightclubs and on college campuses, garnering a collection of gold re­ cords. 

“ Being on the series with my motlier aud luther — we were on telev ision for about 14 years and the show ran on radio for eight years before that — certainly didn’t do anything to hurt my singing career.” he admitted. 
“ But the show’s been off the air for more than IO years, now, and I ’m still going strong. I ’m singing for people today who don’t remember me from tele­ vision.” 
After establishing his career as a singing star. 
Nelson made Ins TV dra- 

Squawk box 

There is a line in the 

 song sung by Archie and 
Edith on “ All in the Fa­ m ily" that sounds like 
“ (ice are all the sour great" — but I know it can’t he that. What is it? 
- L A . 

The line is “ Gee, our old LaSalle was great." A 
LaSalle, for the very very young, was a car. 

# it ★ 

Could vou tell m e (he 

 month and vear Bruce 
Lee. the star of those karate movies, died? — 
M L F . 

ROACHES 

AGGIE PEST 
735-8231 

6 BOOMS 
IMO 

WAXtANTY 

$3 oo S C 

HUI TftMITf WSPICTKM 
223-1726 

ASK 
PRESIDENT 
CARTER 

An exclusive 2-hour telephone call-in radio program with the President of the United States. 
Take this opportunity to place a telephone call to 
President Jimmy Carter. 

SATURDAY, 1:oo PM 
EXCLUSIVELY ON 

W o A I - 1 2 o o 

MELLOW STEREO 

STEREO 

LISTEN TO THE V J/M U 5IE... 
24 Hours 

 matte debut in an episode of 
“ Owen 
Marshall: 
Counselor at La w " in 
1972. 
“ That was as big a de­ parture from the family series as my Sonny Blue role,” he reported. “ I played a rapist — how’s that for shattering an image of an all-American boy?" 
First drama 
He recalled how he won that first dramatic role: 
“ The producer gave me a script and told me I had an hour to decide whether I could do it. I said ‘yes' without read­ ing the courtroom scene at the end. I think if I had read it, I would have been too scared to do it.” 
While the Owen Mar­ shall role was difficult, 
Rick thinks his upcoming 
“ Tales of the Unexpect­ ed " performance was even more demanding. 
"When tin* hand begins living a life of its own. 
Sonny doesn’t know it,” he explained. “ So there I am, mov ing the hand to do things it shouldn't do, but at the same time my face has to be blank and unconcerned, because I don't even know the hand is moving." 

RICK NELSON 

...guest role 

He paused reflectively. 
“ It wasn’t an easy part to play. But, then. I don’t mess around, boy," he concluded with his fami­ liar grin. 
ROACHES 
» i no© 
• R O O M S 
I U 
Broo T o rm ito lo ip e O io n 
I Oft Quufety 
IX Rf) 

UNIQUE PIS! CONTROL 

 eivor>« Any tim# 

1 3 3 M S 1 - 134-7314 

NOTICE) WE ARE NOW SELLING 
DIRECT TO THE PUBLIC 
TOM JONES 
I 

Te n im 

TOM JONES SAYS: 
WITH OUR LARGE VOLUME BUYING I 
POWER AND LOW, LOW OVERHEAD 
AND NO SALESMAN COMMISSIONS TO 
PAY, WE PROMISE YOU THE FINEST 
PRICE AND SERVICE AND INSTALU- 

THI QUAUTY GOIS IN 
I,oH5- 

BIF OTTE THI NAMI WXS ON 

SLUING AND SERVICING OVER 38 YEARS IN THI SAME LOCATION 

TOM JONES 
TEUEVISION-APPUANCKS-FURNITURE 

2 2 7 - o 4 6 1 
2 2 7 - 8 4 9 1 
9o7 BROOKLYN 
BANK TYP! 
TERMS 

MAVERICK ENGINEERING CO. 

A n n o u n ce s 

We Have Moved to 

 n e w o ffic e s : 

8o33 PINEBROOK 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 

The popular Let* died in July, 1973. 

A Ar * 

When was the first 

 movie made 
In 

Technicolor? Was “ Gone 
With the Wind" original­ ly made in color? 

—Margaret 

“ Becky Sharp." made iii 1935. was the first 
American all-talkie made iii Technicolor. 
"Gone With the W ind" was always a color film, although there has Ih*cii a false rumor that it was made in black and white and converted. Not so 

CERTIFIED PEST CONTROL 
ROACHES 
$3 oo 5 c 
6 ROOM S— 3 M O . W ARRAN TY * 
FREE TERMITE INSPECTION 
733-7511 
IO 

PUBLIC NOTICE 

 yr 
— ■ 
COLOR TV'S BP I rn 
LIKE NEW 
In lr— —-I EJ 

PREVIOUSLY USED 
BY AREA MOTELS 
THURSDAY THRU SUNDAY 
12-9 PAB 
HOLIDAY INN 
Nortkwrtl 1-1o 
733-5141 
$187 

SALE HELD BY NATIONAL MOTEL SALES CO. 

 rn 
WWW 

KCOR, the only San Antonio 

 station that has 

 personal contact daily 

 with the community 

 and its leaders 

135o on the Dial 

GENUINE SLATE POOL TABLES 

SIZES TO 

CHOO SE 

A 
V K V 
POOL 4 a*ll,ard 
- 
I 
C 
A 
S U P P L Y 
8 o 1 5 W E B B L E S 6 5 3 - 1 5 6 6 

I B lock W e st • ( I3S a t W a h t m Rd 
W ALZER * 
O P E N D A IL Y 
-------- -- 
Mon.-Fri. 1o:3o-6:3o 
Sal 1o.3o 5:oo 
* 
Clo***! S u n d a y 

WINDSOR PARK 
MAU 

1st LUMBER CUT FREE! 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Friday March 4 1977 
Trail riders fighting cancer 
Soldiers relaxed with gin 

Over 2oo horse lovers will leave San Antonio 
Saturday on a trail ride lo St. Hedwig to benefit the 
Bexar County Chapter of the American Cancer 
Society. 
Riders will check in and camp at the Cow Shed on 
U.S. 87 Friday night, pinner will be served and dancing will follow at the Cow Shed and at the 
Golden Stallion. 

The riders will leave camp at 8 a.m. Saturday for th(‘ American Legion Hall in St. Hedwig with stops along the way for lunch and refreshments. 
Saturday night festivities in St. Hedwig will feature a barbeque and dance. 
Thy Lonesome Steer Arena will hold Sunday's events which include a flag-exchange race. 

Membership fee for the ride is $12. Trail boss will be Col. Leo Booth. Applications are available at 
Louis Feed Mill, 4542 Rigsby St.; Texas Feed Store, 
I HUI ll San Pedro Ave., Stockyards Rimch Supply, 
1B24 S. San Marcos St., and Southside Meadows 
Stables. 8534 Goliad Road. 

ABOVE G R O U N D ^ 
SW IM M ING-POOLS 

Visitors Bureau they had it prin ted and will in ­ clude it in their tourist information packets. 
“ Surprisingly, there is no central source of in­ formation — especially for tourists — on La Vil­ lita,” Zaccaria said of his research. 
As a m e m b e r of the 
San Antonio C o n se rv a ­ tion Society he has a special fondness for his­ toric San Antonio. 
Research 
The chewing gum dis­ covery was a by-product of his extensive research of old n e w sp a p e r c lip ­ pings. library references and historical archives to obtain information on La 
Villita. 
“ I also did a lot of w alking and ta lk in g ," 
Zaccaria added. Ile said he spoke with m any of the shop ow ners about the history of their pro­ perty. “ lf they d id n ’t know. they often knew som ebody who knew somebody who did," he said. 
The b ro c h u re is described by Zaccaria as a detailed outline for a walking tour ol La Villi- 

The fact won't be found stuck in many historical notes, but chewing gum w as b ro u g h t into the 
Southw est by Mexican 
Gen. Antonio Lopez de 
Santa Anna. 
On his various treks across Texas, Santa An­ na had his troops chew­ ing chicle resin for re ­ laxation during the long marches. 
This little known foot­ note and other interest­ ing facts about San An­ tonio and Texas history w ere uncovered by 
J a m e s 
Z a c c a ria , a 
University of Texas at 
San A ntonio g ra d u a te student in environmental studies, during research for a brochure on La Vil­ lita. 
Brochure 
Z accaria, who has an e n v iro n m e n ta l design degree from Pratt Insti­ tu te in 
New 
Y ork, designed and wrote the brochure for an environ­ m e n ta l m a n a g e m e n t course in graphic com ­ munications at UTSA last summer. 
The b ro ch u re so im ­ pressed officials of San 
Antonio's Convention and 

4’ TO r DIEP 
POOL CHEMICALS 
STEEL CONSTRUCTION 
& SUPPLIES 
VINYL INTERIOR 
FOR ALL POOLS 

 ta. The buildings are identified by n u m b ers and a short text accom­ panies each id en tifica­ tion. 
For instance, the Little 
Church of La V illita, number four in the bro­ chure, was “ built in I HTB by German Methodists. 
Some 31) y e ars e a r lie r 
John Wesley De Vitbiss sought to build a church on the very sam e site. 
The only thing thai lie erected there, however, was a bell which tolled lo call his congregation to worship across tin' river in the court house. Cock lights in Main Plaza fre­ quently d istu rb e d bis sermons." 
A reference to the ( os 
House describes it as the site where Mexican Gen. 
Martin Perfecto de Cos signed articles of de­ feat in 1H35. setting the stage for the Battle of the 
Alamo th ree m onths later 
Landmarks 
Iii all. Zaccaria lists 19 la n d m a rk s in his b ro ­ chure! including the Pa­ s c o del 
Rio and the 
Arneson River Theater, built as a VV PA project iii the 193o's. 
"I uncox i red enough inform ation to w rite three b ro ch u res," Zac­ caria said of his study. 
Zaccaria also studied architecture as a grad­ uate student at Harvard 
University and is in ter­ ested in the architecture of La V illita as well as its historic aspects. 
‘‘San Antonio has some really classic arch itec­ t u r e . " he said. "W e should encourage tour­ ists not only to visit the 
River VV alk. but to got out and see the many re­ m a rk a b le a re a s throughout the citv.” 

UR CARD GIVES YOU— 
THI BUYING 
\ 
POWER 
.-■SSI 
YOU NEID TO 
J nn-rr-YOUBSElf 
A pply n o w ? 
DO-IT-YOURSELF 
HOME CENTERS! 

M E T A L M ES H 
A D J U S T A B L E 
Show er Head 
Draw er & 
Shelf Liner 
Hose Hanger 
ASK 
PRESIDENT 
CARTER 

An exclusive 2-hour telephone call-in radio program with the President of the United Stdtes. 
Take this opportunity to place a telephone call to 
President Jimmy Carter. 

SATURDAY, 1:oo PM 
EXCLUSIVELY ON 

Adjustable chrome plated 2Vi" shower head. Swivel action 
No. o2o5C. 

16-in. x 16-in. sire. Frosty white enamel. Tubular steel legs. 

Sturdy metal hose hanger keeps hose neatly organiz­ ed. Mounts to most any surface. No. 75o. 

Installs easily. Wireless - uses 2 standard " D " bat­ teries (not included). No. 
PT73oo. 

D ecorative or plain shelf liner o r draw er lin e r in 1 2 ''x 1o' or 2 2 "x 5' rolls. A ll w ith o ptio nal tack-back! 

 ass; 
SALE STARTS 
— W , 
TODAY! 

W O A I-1 2 o o 

Easy to work with white pine. Ideal for light framing. 

GIANT 6 FT. TA LL W ALL UNITS 
Choice of 16-oz. hammer, 6-ft. steel tape, hacksaw, keyhole saw, wrench sat, tri and mitre square with level, 6-pc. screwdriver set, 13-pc. twist drill set, 3-pc. utility knife, 6-rn. pliers, magnetic tack hammer, hole 

 saw. coping saw and rubber mallet and many more! 

W hile Q uanti net Lest/ Sorry, N o R einchecksf 

P A R T IC L E B O A R D 
5 FT. SHELVING 
O L D S M O K E Y 
BARBECUE 
SMOKER 

SPECIAL 
PURCHASE! 

Use for sheathing walls or roofs. Hardy yellow pine is sturdy enough for any protect. 
"C D X ". 

Smoothly sanded; ready to paint or stain. 
Perfect for garage, closet and countar shelving. 
12" wide. 

We bought out a m anufac­ 

 turers entire stock to get 

 this low low price! 

Gives meat distinctive smoke flavor as it barbecues to per­ fection. Positive smoke and lira control. Constructed of aluminized steel; rust proof. 

N O . 14 

HANDY DAN 
VINYL LATEX 

Handy holder for kitchen gadgets, garage tools, etc. Cuts easily and quickly to any 
V desired size 
— 
— - — 
----- 
«•, a*, i H 
-• -ti* 

Inexpensive, long lasting roofing. Simple to put on. 1o3 sq. ft. per roll. e 6 FEET TALL! e 24 to 3o" WIDE e 12 to 16" DEEP 

New pi as tic covering applies easi­ ly with brush or roller, Dries to an odorless, self-priming finish. 
Gives quality at an economical price. 

F u lly assembled and com pletely finished in simulated 

 w alnut grain. Choice of several styles and sizes. Som e 

 w ith d ro p lids and doors; some w ith all open shelves. 

Adjustable shelves. Beautiful and functional decorator furniture. 
REGULAR 99.97 
A A l 

N ow on sale at H A L F of 
M fgr's. Bug, Price. 

Richly toned imported Lauan Mahogany pre finished panel. 4-ft. x 8-ft. sheet. 
REGULAR TI9.97 

N ow on sate at H A L F of 
M fgr's. Bug. Price 
FREE! 
"HOW TO" PANELING CLINIC 

F R ID A Y , M A R C H 4 a 7 3o P M. 
SA T., M A R C H 5 e 11 OO A M St 3:oo P M 

9 FT. x 12 FT. 

Plastic drop cloth is perfect to cover floors, furniture, drapery, ate, while painting or touching 
REGULAR 139.97 

Now on sale at H A L F o f 
Mfgr's. Sug. Price. 

HURRY! Sales lim ited to present stocks with no rainchecks. Approxim ately 2oo units to sell at each 
Handy Dan store.