sf»w« 

COMING SUNDAY! 
FISHBAIT 

'VU’wsmonaI 
" " M S t e - 

6 a.m. 
SPORTS 
FINAL 
15 

THE SATURDAY 

 lam 
TTsfotmtf 
M '« " c r 
EXPRESS NEWS 
Nim A n t o n i o . T o x im 
.APRIL 3 o , i 9 7 7 i 

^^a-WL—_ x-I- ll Ilium— — HI i■! !■ !!■»■ nill— 1 - ^ 
S o u t h Tp.vas* Inrg«»*t- s o l lin g S a t u r d a y iipWN|i»|ipr 

'W 
Exclusive Associated Press news and photo coverage 
Groucho silent, unwitting pawn in court battle 

BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AF) - 
Groucho Marx, besot by tho ills and tho fuzziness of old age, doesn’t know that ho and his millions are being fought 
(hor in court and is unaware of his brother’s death last week. 
Nat Perrin, named last Friday as 
Grouche s tem p o rary con serv ato r, said his 86-year-old charge is embar- 
Senate okays cut in taxes 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
WASHINGTON - The Senate juggled billions of dollars Fri­ day and sent to the House m ea­ sures that would cut taxes for 47 million couples or individuals and create jobs for 3oo,ooo un­ employed persons. 
The Senate passed by a wide margin a stripped-down tax bill, once the heart of President Carter’s economic stimu­ lus program, that would mean an an­ nual tax reduction averaging $121 for 
47 million tax returns. 
The measure, approved 73 to 7, pro­ vides that 92 per cent of the benefits would go to fam ilies or individuals w ith incomes under $2o,oo(1 — provided they use the standard deduction and not itemize their returns. 
For the individual taxpayer, the most im po rtant provision sets the standard deduction at $2,2oo for a sin­ gle person and $3,2oo for married cou­ ples and heads of households. This is a permanent provision. 
The Senate also approved, by a 71 to 
14 vote. C arter’s $4 billion public works plan intended to stimulate the economy and reduce unemployment by giving local governments money lo build schools, hospitals, bridges and other projects. 
The House takes up the bill Tuesday and Carter is expected to sign it soon 
See TAX CUT, Page JIA 
Signs healthy for econom y 

WASHINGTON (AP) - An adminis­ tration economist said Friday a strong showing by leading economic indica­ tors, led by an increase in new orders for consumer products and materials. was an encouraging sign for the future growth of the economy. 
The March index of the indicators was iii) 1.4 per cent, registering the highest gain in 29 months, according lo figures released by the C om m erce 
Department. 
The indicators index, consisting of 12 separate economic statistics, is d e­ signed to forecast trends for the na­ tion’s economy. 

 rassed about having to be dressed, fed and constantly watched over. 
“ His real, deep enjoyment in life comes from seeing his old buddies,” 
Perrin said in an interview. 
A steady stream of stars from the 
Hollywood that Groucho served as jes­ ter supreme comes daily to the Marx mansion, paying respects to the man 

M a n g e s sells p art of raneh 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 
HEBBRONVILLE - Clinton 
Manges sold part of his vast 
South Texas land holdings for 
$4,542,246, according to a deed 

 many of them consider the greatest comedian who ever lived. 
“You can't carry on a real conver­ sation,” Perrin said, “ They make little jokes, they get some messages across to him by conversing with the nurse.” • 
Perrin said George Jesse!, writer- producer Norman Panama and writer 
Julius Epstein had come by and he 

 expected George Burns. 
“ When I told him George Burns was coming over, he nodded yes, and made a two-finger gesture with his hands, as if to say, ‘The man with the cigar.’ His humor hasn’t deserted him .” 
The Marx B ro th ers — G roucho, 
• Zeppo, Chico and Harpo — began in show business as a vaudeville team 

 and then went on to a series of zany comedy movies, including “ Animal 
Crackers,” “ Horsefeathers,” “ Day at the Races,” and “ Duck Soup.” Grou­ cho was the dominant member of the foursome, leading them through skits and routines with his p ro m in e n t moustache and ever-present cigar. 
In the 195os, Groucho was the host of 

 the radio and television quiz show' 
“ You Bet Your Life.” 
Perrin was asked to act as Groucho's conservator until a trial for permanent conservatorship begins May 13. Perrin says he hasn’t told Groucho that his long-time female companion. 
Erin 
Fleming, is no longer his guardian or 
See GROUCHO, Page UA 

 recorded recently in the 
Hogg county clerk’s office. 
Jim 

Harlingen real eastate broker 
Max 
L. 
Jo n es purchased 
11,216.75 acres in Jim Hogg and 
Starr counties for about $4o5 per acre. 

The deed indicated Manges received $3.5 million and loaned 
Jones $1,o42,246. A $4 million mortgage to cover Jones’ loan for the purchase is held by the 
Continental Illinois National 
Bank & Trust Co. of Chicago. 

Red tape hits prisoner swap 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Potential constitutional difficulties with a five-month-old treaty that pro­ vides for an ex ch an ge of prisoners between the United 

States and I^Iexico are threaten­ ing to delay further its ratifica­ tion by the Senate and to cause a m a ssiv e legal tangle in U.S. courts if the treaty ever takes effect. 

Justice D epartm ent lawyers, who have toiled since late last year to draft legislation needed to implement the treaty’s provisions, now say they be­ lieve they have resolved the thorniest of the questions raised by the pact, which would deny returning A m eri­ cans a chance to challenge the legality 
TWQB moves to block Hill’s suit on aquifer 

By DICK MERKEL 

CHIEF, EXPRESS NEW S CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN - The T exas Sn- preme Court was asked Friday to block Atty. Gen. John Hill’s lawsuit against the Texas Water 
Quality Board over the contro­ versial Edwards Underground 
Aquifer Protection Order. 

The TWQB filed its petition for a writ of mandamus with the high court shortly before noon. 

TWQB is asking the Supreme Court to rule on the legality of Hill’s suing a state agency. 
Under normal circum stances, the attorney g e n e ra l is charged with representing state agencies in legal matters. 
II is highly unusual, but not without precedent, for the attorney general to sue an agency lie is normally expected to defend. 
If the high court finds in favor of the 
TWQB, the agency is then asking for the writ ordering Hill to drop the suit. 
Friday’s action is the latest chapter in a highly unusual story which began on March 3. 

GOOD MORNING} 

Index 

Action E x p re ss................................5C 
Astrology........................................... SC 
Bridge.............................................. 7B 
Business, F in an ce..........................SC 
Church N e w s................................ 6,7C 
Com ics............................................4,SC 
Crossword Puzzles..........................4C 
Deaths.............................................. SB 
Editorials...................................... IDA 
G ardening...................................... 9D 
M arkets........................................8-1 IC 
Newsmakers.................................. 2A 
Scene............................................... 2,3B 
S ports............................................. 1*8E 
Television...................................... 4B 
Theaters..........................................6,7B 
Want Ads.........................I1-15D,1-12F 
W eather.......................................... 6A 

COLUMNISTS 
Jaek Anderson............................... 2A 
Dan Klepper.................................. 4F 
Ann Landers.................................. 2B 
Dr. Geo. Thosteson........................5C 

( huck it* 
I 

May is when you remember three more deductions for your 1976 in­ come tux return. 

Forecast 

Cloudy, mild. High, low 8os. 

Low, 

F R I D A Y S T E M P E R A T U R E S 

1 am. 
2 a.m . 
3 a rn. 
3 a.m . 
5 a.m . 
6 a.rn. 
7 a rn. 
8 a.m . 

9 a m. 
1o a.m . 
11 a.m . 
N oo n 
1 p.m. 
2 p.m . 
8 p.m . 
J p.m . 

5 p.m. 
6 p m. 
7 p.m. 
8 p.m. 
9 p.m. 
1o p.m. 
11 p.m. 
M idnight /I ll ITH YEAR 
NO. 58 
72 PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E S : 
W a n ! A d * ( M o n 
F n 
8 a rn 5 3o p m .) 225 1666, 
A ll o th e r d e p a r t ­ m e n ts (7 a .rn 9 p m ) 225 7411. C ity e d ito r (9 p m .-7 a rn.) 225-7311, S p o r ts e d ito r (9 n m 
/ a rn.) 227 3721 or 22/ 77o1. 

DID YOC KNOW: ll you receive home delivery of the Express and Sunday 
Kxpress-News $1 more will bring you the evening News for a month. Total 
$4.35 per month. Call 225-7411 for prompt delivery. 
----- j-------------------- — 
.------------------------------—---- - 

On that date, the TWQB amended its long-standing Edwards order into se­ ven separate orders governing Bexar, 
Comal, Hays, Kendall, Medina, Uvalde and Kinney counties. 
Prior to that, a single order has controlled development, land use and building standards in the recharge zone which lies in all or part of the seven counties. 
Since the aquifer is San Antonio’s sole source of water, the TWQB action was bitterly opposed by the city and 
Bexar County. 
They were joined in the opposition by the Alamo Area Council of Govern­ ments, the Aquifer Protection Assn. and several m em b ers of the Bexar 
County legislative delegation. 
Opposition was also voiced by representatives of Kendall, Medina, 
Hays and Comal counties. 
Throughout, the attorney general’s office questioned the constitutionality of the TWQB’s action in splitting the 
Edwards order into seven separate parts. 
On March 9, Hill filed suit against the TWQB in state district court. The suit charged the aquifer is a single geological formation which cannot be divided by geographical lines. 
The suit also contended the separate orders set different standards in each of the counties and are therefore discriminatory. 
It also termed the TWQB’s action 
See AQUIFER SUIT, Page UA 

M A J. GEN W A R R E N E. M YERS of the 9oth U.S. A rm y 
Reserve Com m and in San Antonio presents a belated 
Bronze Star to Joe Rodriguez. 
Bronze Star Medal 33 years late reaching San Antonian 

It took nearly 33 years, but Joe 
G. Rodriguez finally received the Bronze Star Medal he earned in the 1944 Normandy invasion. 

Rodriguez was formally presented the medal this.month at the 9oth U.S. 
Army Reserve Command in San An­ tonio. 
Retired 

Rodriguez, who retired in San An­ tonio, had been presented the Purple 
Heart years ago for his participation in th6 Normandy invasion. 

Somewhere along the way, however, the Bronze Star was forgotten. 

Rodriguez’ wife Dorothy and his son 
Paul Joseph decided to do something about it. They contacted the proper 

 authorities and eventually the medal arrived. 
Rodriguez was a member of the 9oth 

Infantry Division during the war. 
After the war, he worked in St. Louis before retiring iii San Antonio. 

 of their Mexican convictions in the 
U.S. courts. 
But the draft will still have to be approved by the House and Senate Ju ­ diciary Com m ittees, and some civil rights lawyers believe that further modification of the treaty itself may be required by the Senate Foreign Rela­ tions Committee before it becomes law. 
Treaty 
The treaty, the first of its sort ever struck between the United States and 
Mexico, was signed by representatives of the two countries last Thanksgiving and ratified by the Mexican legislature a few days later. 
But U.S. Senate aides say that hear­ ings by the Foreign Relations Com­ mittee on the ratification issue alone probably cannot be held before June at the earliest, because of the crowded congressional calendar. 
Although the treaty calls for Ameri­ cans who are returned to the United 
States to finish serving their sentences in federal p rison s, those who have served more than a third of the alloted tim e will be e lig ib le under federal guidelines for parole. 
John Hill, the attorney general of 
Texas, said last week that the draft legislation had becom e ensnarled within the federal Office of Manage­ ment and Budget. But Hill was quoted in San Antonio as saying that he had been a ssu red by officials in 
Washington that it was possible for the entire package, treaty, legislation and all, to clear the C o ngress by Sep­ tember. 
In interviews with reporters and in letters sent to friends and families in the United States, many of the Ameri can prisoners have alleged that they; were arrested and searched in Mexico in a manner that would have violated 

See PRISONER SWAP, Page HA] 
A contest of raw courage 

PORT O’CONNOR (AP) - Howard 
Lewis, a local commercial fisherman and self-appointed oyster connoisseur, will put his taste buds on the line! 
Saturday. 
Lewis has bragged he can tell the) difference between raw oysters taken from San Antonio Bay and those arti­ ficially salted. 
Oysters taken from waters close to the mouths of rivers often are salted! artificially. 
Lewis was challenged by Robert 
Sanders, a Seadrift fisherman, and 
Lewis agreed to try to prove his point 
Saturday. 
He will have to correctly identify 29j of the 31) oysters that will be served to| him in plastic cups. 
If he does, he will get a prize — three! gallons of raw oysters. 
.loft BmiCTT-Bglafreg ad 

Looking for a job? Maybe the 
Express and News can help. 

During May, job seek ers — from housewives and students to the disabled — are eligible to run a free “Job wanted” notice in the classified ads. 

At least 335,ooo people could see that ad. 

If you’re looking for a job, either 

 mail in your want ad or come to the classified counter in the lobby of the 
Express/News building, 
Avenue E and Third Street, any weekday from 8:3o a.m. to 4:3o p.m. 

Your ad will run three days under “Situations wanted” in the regular classified columns of the 
Express and News, along with the 
Express-News’ weekly papers — the N orthside, W estside and 

Southside Suns. 

Watch for the “ Need A Job?” coupon in the Sunday Express and 
News and mail it in fast. 

It’s our move to reduce unem­ ployment. 

Sorry, we cannot accept any of these free classified ads over the phone. 

» 
Son Antonio EXPRBSS-NEWS-—Saturday April 3o I 977 omens 

■ r f i m p a n v h o u s t o n st at b r o a d w a y 
W H IT nil I 
4111 M c C u llo u g h 
__ 

 n o r 
3-BUTTON HASPEL TRADITIONALS p 
V 
J \ 
For keeping coo! and relaxed on a midsummer’s day. Shirting weight 
\ polyester/cotton glen plaids, brown or gray, $1o5. Pure cotton seersucker for which there is no equal for comfort, blue/white or brown/white, $13o. 

DOW NTOW N 9:3o TO 5:3o M O N THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STORE. 
SUBURBAN 9:3o TO 6:oo MON. THRU SAT. 
ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

Choice is dead wrong 

A litter help from the city 

They had to call off the annual week-long community clean-up three days early in 
Manhattan, Kan., be­ cause of mounting complaints that the city trucks hauling away the trash were dropping too much litter. 
Before the event was brought to a quick end, 
Alvin Johnson, the as­ sistant director of the 
Riley County Police 
Department, threa­ tened to give the city drivers tickets for lit­ tering. 
“ I couldn’t see how I could allow city trucks to go by but stop private citizens and the contractors,” Johnson said. 

Gov. Doiph Briscoe has appointed a dead man to serve a three- year term on the State 
Health Advisory Com­ mittee. 

Briscoe's office con­ firmed Friday that the governor “ routinely” reappointed Dr. Mayn­ ard S. Hart of El Paso lo another three-year 

 term on the 
35-43 member committee. 

“ We were notified about it (Hart’s death) some time after the ap­ pointments were sub­ mitted,” said a shee­ pish George Lowrance, 
Briscoe’s administra­ tive assistant for ap­ pointments. 

 reappointment,” added 
Lowrance, who didn’t say how the governor’s office learned of the mistake. 

Briscoe’s office maintains that the governor personally makes such appoint­ ments to state agencies and committees. 

“ It was just a routine 
“ I don’t recall this 

Bea makes 

 ever happening be­ fore,” said Lowrance. 

The governor plans to appoint Dr. Richard 
Jewell of El Paso, a former associate of 
Hart, to fill Hart’s va­ cancy, Lowrance said. 

Indian leader to have 

 exception su rg e ry 

Bea Arthur, who plays “ Maude” on tele­ vision has, so far, steadfastly turned down all requests to do com­ mercials. 

Now, however, she’s made an exception and has plunged heavily — writing the copy and reading it, too — into a radio commercial for the new Broadway mu­ sical “ I Love My Wife.” 
Her husband, 
Gene 
Saks, directed the musical. 
BEA ARTHUR 
Mormons make comeback 

After more than 13o years, a Mormon is back running the vil­ lage of Nauvoo, 111. 

The village of the 
Mississippi River has was established by 
Mormons seeking a ha­ ven from religious persecution. 

But 
Joseph Smith and Jr., the Mormon founder, and his brother, were killed by a mob near Nauvoo in 
1844. 

Two years later the 
Mormons, led by 
Brigham Young, fled across the Mississippi to Utah. About 2o Mor- 

 since drifted back to 
Nauvoo and now Walter 
Pearce, a 44-year-old 
Mormon, has been elected mayor of the 

 it was his second try for the office and after his yictorv, Pearce said: “ We’re so happy 
(religion) wasn’t an mon families have village of 1,ooo people. issue. 
Estate chewed up 

Half of the $oo.3 million estate left by Philip K. Wrigley, the owner of the Chicago Cubs and the Wrigley 
Chewing Gum Co. who died April 12 at the age of 62, will go to his widow', 
Helen Wrigley. 
The rest will be divided among 

 his son, William; his daughters, 
Ada W. Schreiner of Port Orchard, 
Wash., and Dorothy W. Chauncey, of Scottsdale, Ariz.; IO grandchil­ dren and the University of Southern 
California. 

Doctors in New Delhi said 
Thursday that 
Jayaprakash Narayan, the leader of the move­ ment that toppled the government of 
Indira 
Gandhi in last month’s elections, will fly to the 
United 
States this weekend for surgery lo facilitate his use of the dialysis machine that substitutes for his failed kidneys. 
The 74-year-old Nar­ ayan will be operated on at the Washington; 
University School of 
Medicine in Seattle. 
Narayan was jailed along with other dis­ senters when Prim e 
Minister 
Gandhi proclaimed a state of emergency in June 
1975. After being held for five months he was released because of poor health. 

First Lady 

Kosalynn 
Carter plunged right back into a busy schedule Friday after undergoing sur­ gery Thursday for the removal of a noncan­ cerous lump from her breast. 

Now YOU can afford the elegance of 
^ 
Chrome & GlassF 

Change an average looking room into a great looking room! Fisher’s offers you the perfect way to create the illusion of spaciousness with a gleaming combination of highly polished chrome plate and crystal clear glass. 
Whether you desire one piece for accent or an entire roomful ... you'll be thrilled at the value! Come to Fisher’s today and save. 
Immediate delivery from stock. 

{)i 
' 

Burger won't admit bias in Mitchell case 

EXACTLY AS 
ILLUSTRATED 

Versatile chrome and glass etagere x 28V2” x 13” 
Reg. $149 4 & A A 
Save $5o 

 jrkling contemporary chrome and glass game table. 

32” x 3 2 ’x29” . 
Reg. $89...Save $ 3 o ........................ 
Set of four chairs, heavy 
2'/;t” 
Chairs may be purchased chrome legs with white separately. vinyl seats and backs. 
H*9* $67.5o each, 
Reg. $27o Save $5o 
Save $22.5o 

 treasures of the Orient- 
Sensational “objets d ’art” from 
China, personally selected by 
Herb and Lucille Fisher. 
Enchanting 
Chinese 
“ faries.” Rare antique porcelain figurines with gorgeous hand painted detail, 
8 ” tall. 
A brilliant gift idea for 
Mother’s Day! USUAL 
U.S. price . . . $62.5o. 
Fisher’s direct import 
J O * n r ir g * 
* * p r ic e • • • • • • 
Many other exquisite porcelain figurines, vases, dishes, teapots, rice bawls and tea cups available at comparable savings. Ail truly fantastic “ treasures” . . . and a freshly unique way to please 

Mqgj on May 81 

Open Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 
(Closed Sunday) 

145o N. E. Loop 4 1 o 

WASHINGTON 
- 
Chief Justice Warren 
Burger is deeply indebt­ ed to his old friend, ex- 
Attorney General John 
Mitchell, for his Supreme 
Court job. 
Yet Burger has refused to disqualify himself from Mitchell’s appeal of his Watergate cover-up conviction, now pending before the high court. 
The white-maned 
Burger has been trying to persuade reluctant fellow' justices to hear the ap­ peals of Mitchell and ex-White House aides 
H.R. Haldeman and John 
Ehrlichman, National 
Public Radio reported last week. 
The report, which our sources confirmed, said that Justice W illiam 
Rehnquist voluntarily stepped down from the case because of his past friendship with Mitchell. 
Also close 
But Burger and M it­ chell also were personal­ ly close, high ex-Justice 
Department sources told us. 
In fact, they said, it was the pipe-smoking at­ torney general who recommended Burger to 
President Nixon in 1969. 
This charge was bol- 

Jack 
! 
Anderson 

 stered by no less than 
Mitchell’s wife, the late loquacious Martha. She told friends that her hus­ band had tapped Burger for the nation’s highest judicial post. 
At a 
May, 
197o, gathering in New York attended by both Burger and Martha, free-lance photographer Fred Ward casually asked Martha whether she knew 
Burger. 
“ Who do you think put him where he is?” 
Martha said. Ward, then on assignment for Look magazine, relayed the incident to 
Winzola 
McLendon, a close friend of Martha and a writer for Look. 
McLendon, alone with 
Martha in the powder 

 room, asked: “ What did you mean by that remark to Fred? Did John put him in there?” 
According to the notes 
McLendon made at the time, Martha replied: 
“ John is the one who put him on the Supreme 
Court.” 
Martha later told 
McLendon that the two men often gabbed on the telephone until Mitchell left the Justice Depart­ ment to run Nixon’s 1972 campaign. But a Su­ preme Court spokesman said Burger spoke only infrequently with Mit- 

Burger’s voice reportedly appears briefly on the suppressed 
White House tapes in a conversation with Nixon 
Although Burger or­ dered Nixon lo release certain other tapes in 
1974, he has not removed himself from the contin* uing battle over whether 
Nixon or the government should get custody of all the tapes. 
Both McLendon and 
Ward coi.firm their por­ tions of the May, 197o, conversation. 
Although the Justice 
Department could ask 

This charge was bolsterefl by no less than Mitchell9s wife, the late loquacious Martha. She told friends that her husband had tapped Burger for the na- tion's highest judicial post 

 che 11 from 1969 to 1972, and then only on official business. 
Only once did Burger talk by phone with 
Mitchell at home, the spokesman said. 
The Watergate cover­ up trial is not the only one in which Burger’s participation has been questioned. 

 to disqualify a department 
Burger himself, spokesman said such questions are always left up to the justices. 

A spokesman for 
Burger said he had no intention of disqualifying himself. Mitchell could not be reached for com­ ment. 
Boy saved from fire 

By CECIL CLIFT 
A 5-year-old boy nar­ rowly escaped death when flames swept through the apartment house where he was sleeping Friday night. 
The youth reportedly received second and third-degree burns. 
The victim, 
Erie 
James Kopp, under the guardianship of Mrs. Ly­ dia Klonek of 3o3 E. 

Courtland Place, was in satisfactory condition at 
Brooke Army Medical 
Center following the in­ cident. 

Daughter 

Mrs. 
Klonek’s daughter, Joanne Klon­ ek, 17, said there were six people in their up­ stairs apartment when smoke began seeping up- 

 o f 1 an antonio 
Phone 8 2 4 -o 5 7 5 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Published each Saturday, Sunday and lobo? Day. Thanksgiving Poy. and on July 4, Christmas 
Day, N ew Years Day when they occur Monday through Friday Also pubhshedon a Monday, when July A t Christmas Day New Year's Doy falls on o preceding Sunday 
. 
By The Express-New» Corporation 
P O So* 2 t * l 
Son Antonio, Texas 7 8297 
Second Class Postage Paid at 
San Antonio, Te*as 
Registrodo corno articulo de 2da close el 29 de Enero 1922, en la Administration de Correos en Nuevo Laredo. Tamps . Mexico 

Al! communications should be addressed to San Antonio Express, or San Antonio News 
This newspaper will no* be responsible tor manuscripts or photographs not solicited, for publication 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

 loud* (»«o . 

M om my & Sun do, 
Morning O n’, f .Orm y & Sunday 
Evening O nly . . . . 
Sunday Only 

I Mo 

SS 49 
$4 AS 
S S O ? 
$4 4 I 

$3 21 

O M o . 

$28 I I 
$23 9o 
$26 13 
$23 o5 
S IA IS 

I V, 

$S4 74 

$46 I i 
$5o SA 
$44 54 
$3o 85 

(Price, above include .o le. la , I 
OTHER STATES 
Morning & Sunday 
A S S I 
Morning Only 
$5 7o 
Evening & Sunday 
$5 45 
Evening Only 
. 
$4 79 
Sundoy Only 
$3 48 

|$rt$xripfw*i timid* (ti* , ore eel .utter' l l rte I 

Home delivery mon!*.!/ rote, in Son Antonio Morning and Sundoy, $3.4o per m on"' in, o d e . to*: A dc-y Morning only. $2 7o pet moolh (include.'»■ : Sundey only - 4 Sunday — $1 47 per month (include, 'a il. 5 Sundoy — $1.84 per mon!*, .include', lac). 
CO M BINATIO N RATE Morning, Evening, Saturday and Sundoy, $4.35 per mon!*. 

$31 34 
$27 47 
$3o 25 
$26 SO 
$16 95 

$61 17 
$53 75 
$58 99 
$51 43 
$32 74 

 wards from a downstairs apartment. 

Five of the six man­ aged to find their way out even though the stairwell was ablaze, she said. 
Two of the younger children jumped out the window into the arms of their mother, who had run to the building after being summoned from work nearby, Miss Klon­ ek said. 
The rest either fought their way down the stairs or climbed down ladders provided by firemen. 
“ But we forgot Erie,” she said. The boy was asleep in an adjoining apartment used by the family. 

Miss Klonek said the smoke awakened the youth and he managed to walk to a front window into the arms of Fireman 
Patrick Koerber. 
After the two climbed down the ladder, EMS technicians administered oxygen to the youth be­ fore transporting him to the hospital. 
None of the other resi­ dents of the eight-apartment complex were seriously injured, officers said. 
Arson investigators said the fire originated in a downstairs apartment. 
Cause of the $17,ooo blaze was under investigation early Saturday. 

Meeting set on reading 

The Alamo Reading 
Council and Incarnate 
Word College will co­ sponsor the tenth annual reading conference from 
8 a.m. to noon Saturday. 

The conference will be in Incarnate Word Col­ lege’s Marian Hall and is 

 open to all teachers or prospective teachers of reading. 

The conference fee is 
$3 for non-members of the 
Alamo 
Reading 
Council. For further information telephone 
Sister Theophtfhe Power of IWC at 8281261. 

Kelly gets funding 

SPF GAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWb 
WASHINGTON — Kelly AFB was authorized $4 million for lighting and energy efficiency systems by the U.S. Senate, 
Sen. John Tower said Friday. 
The funds were authorized by the Senate Armed Services 
Committee panel. Tower said. 
The package for Kelly and other area military installa­ tions will go to the House for appropriations action, he said. 
The funds were designated for a $2.3 million landing strip lighting system and a $1.7 mil­ lion monitoring system to im­ prove efficiency at Kelly. 
Other funds were approved by the panel for the following installations in Texas: 
B e rg stro m AFB, A ustin, 
$874,o(1o for an energy effi­ ciency system; Kingsville Na­ val Station, $55o,ooo for insula­ tion and storm windows, and 
Corpus Christi Air Station, $7 iiiiIlion for industrial waste treatment. 

J O H N P IN C K N E Y chats ab ou t his years as a federal prosecu- tor 
STAFF PHOTO BY JOSE BARRERA 

Son Antonio EXPRESS -N E W S — Saturday April 3o 1977 
H 

Pinckney’s moving on 

'Unfortunately, at the age o f 3 7 , I hare probably baff as exciting jobs as I trill ever hare ’ 

By BILL MINTZ 

John M. Pinckney III has been a U.S. 
Marine Corps officer, a budget officer in the Nixon White House and an assistant U.S. Attorney in San Antonio. 
In one way or another, he has been under fire for the 15 years since he graduated from the University of Tex­ as at Austin. 
But Monday he starts a new job and probably a more quiet life when he joins the San Antonio law firm of 
Matthews, Nowlin, Macfarlane and 
Barrett. 
“ Unfortunately, a* the age of 37, I have probably had as exciting jobs as I will ever have,” Pinckney said Friday, his last day as first assistant to U.S. 
Atty. John E. Clark. 
Clashes 
Pinckney and Clark often clashed with Chief U.S. Dist. Judge Adrian A. 
Spears. 
Judge Spears has frequently criti­ cized C lark’s adm inistration for de­ cisions on prosecutions and on Clark's 

 w ithdrawal from the omnibus program for discovery in criminal cases. 
But the conflicts have not damaged the effectiveness of the federal prose­ cutors’ office here. 
“ To the contrary, the conflicts have served to establish the independence of this office,” Pinckney said. 
Pinckney said federal judges have come to see the judicial branch as su­ preme in the federal system of checks and balances between the judicial, executive and legislative branches. 
‘Not so' 
“ T h at isn ’t so ,” he said. “ The judges are called on to reconcile dif­ ferences between the executive and legislative, but that doesn’t make the judiciary supreme. 
“ I think they come to that view be­ cause of the life tenure. I saw the same thing in senior Marine Corps officers 

 and counselors to the president — they think they have to answer to no one. 
“ Thank goodness they don’t have life tenure,” he added. 
Since the U.S. attorn ey ’s post is considered a political plum, prosecu­ tions or the lack of prosecution is often attacked as politically motivated. 
“ There has never been any political p re ssu re thro ug h my s u p e rio rs ,” 
Pinckney said. “ Of course, I have read about people who are trying to in­ fluence prosecution.” 
No comment 
Pinckney wouldn’t talk about the most publicized case in the U.S. 
Courthouse, the federal prosecution of 
C a s tro v ille ^ fo rm er police chief, 
Frank Hayes, on criminal civil rights charges. 
Pinckney drew up the initial recom­ mendation to the U.S. Justice Depart­ 

 ment to close the case after Hayes was convicted of aggravated assault in state court. 
His decision was based on a 1859 decision against dual prosecutions which was in effect when Pinckney reviewed the case. 
But that policy was changed by the new U.S. Attorney General, Griffin 
Bell, before the decision to prosecute was made. 
Variety 

Pinckney said he may be called in as a w itness if H ayes’ attorneys push their allegation that Bell’s decision was political. 
P in c k n e y 's work has included prosecution of illegal aliens, dru g pushers, doctors, bankers and lawyers. 
“ I ve tried to make every decision like I was on the courthouse steps with the attorney general looking over my shoulder,” he said. 
He said he wanted to think each de­ cision could stand up to scrutiny by his superiors and the public. 

CHILDREN join Friday their m others on the picket line to protest cutbacks in day care funding by the state Senate st a f f p h o t o by t ark y t a r s u s 

By SARA MARTINEZ 

Archbishop Francis J. Furey 
Friday urged all San Antonians to support the Right to Life 
Committee by participating in its May 7 fund-raising walka- thon. 

“ I encourage all our citizens to sup­ port this effort to protect the lives of the unborn, future citizens of our great country.” Archbishop Furey said. 
The Rev. Robert Holbrook, coordin­ a to r of Baptists for Life, and Beth 
Pfrom er. Texas State coordinator of the National Youth Pro-Life Coalition also endorsed the walkathon. 
T he Right to Life C o m m itte e ’s 
1o-mile walkathon, to point up the re­ lationship between being a mother and respecting the life of a child, starts at ll) a.m. at Ruleto Drive and IH41o. 
Day care cuts protested 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
EXPRESS-NEWS MEDICAL WRITER 

About 3oo parents and children 
Friday protested State Senate cutbacks in funds for day care centers. 
The protesters, ranging in age from 
3 to 6o years, carried signs reading, 
“ Give my future a chance” and 
“ Where will I go?” 
The protest was held at the Healy- 
Murphy Child Care Center, 122 Nolan 
St., to call attention to the reduction of 
$2 million from state allocations to child care centers. 
Laura Ashkenaze of the Coordinated 
Child Care Council said current fund­ ing for centers is now $31.5 million. 

7 guess they don't care about the needs o f our children. That hurts.' 

The senate has recommended the fi­ gure be cut back to $3o million for the next two years. 
“ The House recom m en ded $32 million for 1978 and $34 million for 
1979,” she said. “ This is the level of funding we need to continue opera­ tion.” 
Mrs. Ashkenaze said about 2o day care centers in San Antonio would be affected by the loss if the senate re­ commendations are accepted. 
“ Of the 1,2oo children enrolled in day­ care centers here, we would have to 

 drop about 2oo because of lack of funds,” she said. 
“ These are children of low-income families, mostly working mothers or people involved in job-training pro­ grams. 
“ Having day care for their children helps them get off the wefare rolls and get jobs to become self-sufficient.” 
Consuete Rocha, d irecto r of the 
Wesley Day Care Center, said, “These people have respect for the legislators, but they have lo speak up for their children. 

“ The children can't vote, but they need the good services provided by assisted day care centers.” 
The 2o centers here are federally funded to provide inexpensive or free care to those qualified. The state funds are matching giants which allow fe­ deral participation. 
One mother of two, said she would have to leave her children at home or quit her job if she couldn't place them in the center during the day while she was at work. 
“ I wish the senators would place themselves in our position,” she said. 
“ But they are up high and don’t need day care services. 
“ I guess they don’t care about the needs of our children. That hurts.” 

“Since abortion on demand has been the law of the land, millions of unborn babies Have been aborted every year,” 
Archbishop Furey said. 
“ Their right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness has gone down the drain.” 
The archbishop said two things have been forgotten about the U.S. Supreme 
Court ruling on abortion: it knocked out the existing Texas abortion laws and it was by majority, not unanimous. 
“ While the Roman Catholic hier­ archy has been in the vanguard against abortion, we are by no means alone in this fight,” he said. 
Mistake 
“ It would be a big mistake to sup­ pose this is a Roman Catholic struggle. 
We are against abortion because it is anti-God and anti-American.” 
Archbishop Furey said right to life supporters were working hard to get an amendment to the U.S. Constitution which would nullify the Suprem e 
Court’s ruling. 
“ But this will take a long tim e,” 
Archbishop Furey said. “ To be very frank, it won’t come in my lifetime but it’s the only way it can be done in the final analysis.” 
In the m eantim e, the archbishop said they were trying to bring to the atten tio n of fellow A m ericans the moral aspect. 
“ Abortion may be legal by American law, bul it is illegal as far as God is concerned,” he concluded. 

Traffle stopper 

Ceralvo Street between Cardova 
Street and Guppies Road will be closed from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Satur­ day. 

Planners hope to keep one lane open, but the closure may be com­ plete at times. 

Friday. Chief U.S. Dist. Judge 
Adrian 
A. 
Spears presides over the ceremony for 175 new citizens from 28 different countries. Both Mr. and Mrs. 
Arsua, who are from the 
Philippines, are U.S. citizens now — Staff photos by Ron 
Jones. 
News to 
Use 
Every day untold numbers of bureaucrats are taking actions which affect almost every facet of your daily life. 

Now you can keep up with these government rules and regulations, proposals and plans, with 
“News to Use," a new daily column beginning 
Monday in the 
San Antonio 
Express 

Council takes tour of 
S.A. highs and lows 

By JIM WOOD 
City Council members got a first hand look Friday at where the city has been and where it needs to go. 
They got a w arning from City 
Mgr. Tom Huebner that a m ajor problem facing them is how to maintain park and recreation areas financed with one-shot fed eral money. 
The occasion was a dav-long bus tour of the city. It was arranged by 
Mayor Lila Cockrell and Huebner to acquaint newly elected m em bers 

 with some of their official areas of responsibility. 
It proved a refresher for the older hands. 
Council members, accompanied by wives and husbands, saw heaps of junked ears along Somerset Road and apartm ents sloping off their foundations in Pecan Valley. 
They visited the immaculate East 
Side Multi-Service Center in Lin­ coln 
Park, where older people played dominoes and young ones played in the nursery. 

They drove by the Rilling Road 
Sewage T reatm en t P lant where odors are so bad some wondered how the city gets away with it. 
(Council has appropriated money for an experim ental program to eliminate the smell.) 

Before it was over they had been to the north, south, east and west and heard co m m en ts about loo many stray dogs and too many bill­ boards. 

New slogan is pushed for S.A. 

“ Free Enterprise. It lets you be somebody.” 
That phrase w ill soon become part of San Antonio’s image to the rest of the nation if Edward 
V’. Cheviot has anything to say about it. 
Cheviot, chairm an of the 
Greater San Antonio Chamber of C om m erce’s Free E n te r­ prise Council introduced the phrase — on bumper stickers and in radio and television commercials — at a Friday luncheon attended by several hundred local businessmen. 
The campaign, organized by 

 a local advertising agency, is designed to awaken a strong public awareness of the posi­ tive aspects of the free enter­ prise system. 
The media portion will begin 
June I and the concept will be re-em phasized by sem inars and symposiums at local high schools and colleges later this spring. 
Support for the entire effort was requested of the business­ men. not in money but in atti­ tude, devotion of time and con­ tributions of advertising space in their firms. 

Lawns Beauty 
(NC 
NURSERY 
8 65 o B andera R o ad 

St. A u gu stine (Carpet) 
G RA SS . . .FULL PALLET 
I ESS T H A N A FULL PA LLET 
I 

1 . 1 7 sq. yd 

C o m p le te In v e n to ry o f scrubs, tre e s A h ardlin e *. 
2 o % Discounted 

 f 
( W e a t h e r P e r m itt in g ) 
COMPUTE 1 3 2 5 5 2 2 1 PRODUCTS AVAILABLE 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday "FARM TO Y O U " 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
684-211o 

Commissioners to debate 

 t 
% taxing of church hospitals 

By DEBORAH WESER 
The possibility of putting church-affiliated hospitals on the tax rolls will be on Wednes­ day’s Commissioners Court agenda for debate. 
Tax Assessor-collector Ben Shaw — w ho has said he’s already looking into the move — will be invited to attend the session, according to County Judge 
Blair Reeves. 
Reeves, in an impromptu move Fri­ day. decided on the special debate afte r a b rief exchange with other 
^members of Commissioners Court. 
The idea of revoking tax-exem pt status for church-related hospitals 

The change in taxing status o f those church-related hospitals could hike tax revenues fo r the county by about $ 2 o o ,o o o this y e a r, Stolhandske observed after some (puck arithm etic 

 claiming charity exemptions won en­ d orsem ent from both Coms. A. J. 
Ploch and Tom -Stolhandske. 

Offering a note of caution, however,. was Com. A lbert B u stam ante. He urged more examination of the subject before any step is taken. 
Shaw, as tax assessor-collector, has the power to grant or revoke exempt status, Bustamante also pointed out. 

Commissioners Court, in its capacity as the county’s Board of Equalization, however, is empowered to review that status, Reeves responded. 
The change in taxing status of those church-related hospitals could hike tax revenues for the county by about 
$2oo,ooo this year, Stolhandske ob­ served after some quick arithmetic. 
The idea of revoking exemption for the facilities has been raised before at 

C om m ission ers Court but not d is­ cussed in any great detail. 
T his tim e the recom m endation comes from the Bexar County Hospital 
District Board of Managers through its chairman, Dr. Harvey Hornet. 
Hornet announced earlier in the week that a formal recommendation will be transmitted to Commissioners Court. 
The hospital district managers spe­ cifically refer to such church-related h osp itals as Santa Rosa Medical 
Center, Baptist M em orial Hospital 
System, Southwest Methodist Hospital and Lutheran Hospital. 
Charity 
Their tax exempt status is based on their provision of charitable services to the community. 
At the time. Hornet said concern with this issue stems from the fact the district must scramble for funds but is left with indigent patients unable to pay their bills. 
Furey pushes s^ al anti-abortion walkathon 

Cora Arsua, right, and her 
I 8-month-old daughter, Cora, wait for their husband and father, Ray Arsua, to become a U.S. citizen at naturaliza­ tion ceremonies at the 
Institute of Texan 
Cultures 

San A n to n io EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday A pril 3o 1977 

1ooo Hints to Better Living 
1977 San Antonio 
Home, Flower Cr 
Garden Show 

Convention Center Exhibit Hall 

Wednesday, April 27 - Sunday, May I 

HOME REDECORATING 
★ New Ideas - Products. Techniques for the Modern Home 

HOME ENTERTAINMENT 
★ The newest in television, radio, sound systems, games and musical instruments. 

BACK YARD & PATIO LIVING 
★ From swimming pools to lawn mowers and outdoor plants. 

SPECIAL GaVdening and Plant Clinics Hosted by 
Bill McReynolds and featuring speakers such as 
Dr. Jerry Parsons, Terry Wilbourn and Edith Sarge. 

MOTOR HOME & 
TRAVEL TRAILER LIVING 
★ The latest in motor homes, fifth wheels, tent campers. pickup campers and travel trailers. 

★ PLUS ★ 

Mobile Homes • Kitchen Utensils • Furniture • Nurseries 

SEE! Southwestern Bell's Display. 
SEE! Hundreds of indoor and outdoor plants for sale. 

One Price for Everything-Adults $2.oo Children (6-12)5oo 

W ednesday through Fiiday. 5:oo P.M. till 1o:oo P.M. 
Saturday 1:oo P.M. till 1o:oo P.M. 
Sunday 1:oo P.M. till 7:oo P.M. 

Carter pushes warrant for tap 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— President C arter w ill propose le g isla tio n requiring court warrants for all wiretaps and bugs used to g a th e r in te l­ ligence about fo reig n spies, adm inistration of­ ficials said Friday. 
They said Carter’s bill will afford more protec­ tion of 
A m e ric a n s ' privacy rig h ts th an a sim ilar bill that was of­ fered by the F o rd a d ­ ministration but failed to win c o n g re ssio n a l a p ­ proval. 
They said Carter is the first President to a b a n ­ don the claim of inherent power to conduct foreign intellig en ce ta p s and bugs without warrants. 
Time to explain 
The adm inistration of­ ficials discussed the bill. to be proposed next week, on the condition that they not be identified. They said they w ant tim e to explain the m e a su re to m e m b ers of C o n g ress before the public a n ­ nouncement next week 
Under c u r r e n t law, there are two k inds of electronic surveillance. 
One kind r e q u ir e s the 
FBI to get approval from a federal judge for taps and bugs used to gather evidence about domestic crimes. These taps and bugs are used most often in investigations of o r­ ganized c rim e , particularly gambling. 
The new proposal does not directly affect this kind of spying. 
The other type of elec­ tronic s u rv e illa n c e is used by the FBI. the CIA and the National Security 
Agency to g ath er intel­ ligence about foreign spies. 

North East School Asst. Supt. Tony Con- stanzo and Bro. Edwin Goerdt of the San 
Antonio Catholic Schools receive copies 
“ Equal Justice Under Law” from U.S. At­ ty. John E. Clark, president of the Federal 
Bar Assn., here as part of the bar group’s observance of la w Day. Each San Antonio school district received copies of the book, which deals with the role of the U.S. Su­ preme Court in American life. 
Driver testing program eyed 

AUSTIN. 
(AP) - 
A Houston legislator and the enactment oi Public 
Safety announced Friday un e x p e rim e n ta l p r o ­ g ra m to k eep d r iv e r license offices open Sa­ turdays and som e even­ ings in urban aareas. 
Rep. Roil W a te rs, 
Houston, said be w as w ith d ra w in g his bill req ii ii ing DPS offices to 

O. G. W ilson Catalog Showroom Store 

Brings You Special Values 

MCMASTER 
PORTABLE MIXER 

o 8 8 

The M ixm a ste rs thum b-tip speed control makes w hip­ ping up a special dish a breeze. Full size beaters give better results and more even blending. Avocado #3-12. 

DELUXE MIXMASTER 
MIXER with dough hooks for breadmaking 
5295 

JEWEL SELF-CLEANING 
SPRAY/SHOT OF 
STEAM IRON 

 dial stops beaters mix 
12-speed m ix-finder guesswork. 
B ow l-fit thoroughly. 4 & U/2 qt. bowls included 
Avocado and harvest gold #1-72/1-73. 

BROILER COVER 
FRY PAN 
3o95 

SunbeamR frypan has two position broil rack & buffet styled handles. Circular heating element provides even heat distribution, immersible. 
#7-1oo. 

2295 

Self-cleaning Sunbeam4* Shot of Steam iron fea­ ture keeps iron cleaner to steam better & last longer. 61 vents for all-over steam coverage. 
#12-71. 

TWO-SLICE 
CHROME 
TOASTER 

1 4 9 5 

You're in control with this easy-to-reach Com­ position instrum ent panel. Easy-to-clean chrome-plated body. Snap-down crumb tray for easy cleaning. #2o-2o. 

O oA filson Catalog Showroom Store 

2727 N.W. Loop 41o at Vance Jackson 
OPEN IO A .M .-9 P.M. MON.-FRL— 1o-6 SAT. — 349-1 18 

 stay open late in cities of 
HK).-OOO or more. 
Houstonians had com ­ plained that the offices’ routine 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. hours m ade it hard for them lo get their driver licenses ren e w e d , he said. 
“ In most factories, you just can't ask the shift superv isor, T d like some tim e off to go get my license r e n e w e d ,'" 
Waters said. 
Begin June I 

J. M. Cowan, a captain in the 
DPS lic en sin g division, said d e ta ils have not been worked out but the e x p e rim e n ta l program will begin .June 
I. In H ouston. W a te rs added. Hie target dale is 
May 2’J. 
Cowan said at least two of the four DPS offices iii 
Houston will open oil Sa­ turdays. DPS offices w ill be open to 8 p.m . or 9 p.m. on some nights, he said. 
To p ro v id e the off- liours serv ice, DPS of­ fices m ight have to be closed one day a week. tie said. 
DPS offices were open on Saturdays until about 
IO y e a rs ago when its s ta ffe rs w ere put on 
4o-hour work weeks. 
Waters warmly praised the DPS for its decision to provide the off-hours se rv ic e for w ork in g 
Texans. 
" T h is is one b u r ­ eaucracy that jumped out ahead and is doing so m e th in g w ithout a mandate of law," Waters said. 

Express/NEWS 

Offshore oil well wins again 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
STAVANGER, Norway - A Texan-led team failed again Friday to cap the out-of­ control Ekofisk offshore oil well, defeated by the immense force of oil being pushed up from beneath the sea at a speed faster than sound. 
S p ecial c la m p s d e ­ sig n e d to n a rro w the stre a m of oil gave way before a four-ton stopper could be m a n e u v e re d o v er the g u s h in g w ell­ head, which has sprayed more than 7 million gal­ lons of oil into the North 
Sea since it blew out a weeks ago. 
The Texans, m eeting later on a barge anchored off the well rig, discussed possible new a tte m p ts 
Saturday with their boss, 
Red Adair, the world’e leading blowout expert, who flew from Houston to su p e rv is e the p ro ce ed ­ ings. 
It marked the fourth failure to cap the geyser, w hich h as s p r e a d a 
7o-bv-4o-mile oil slick. 
OPEC dispute not resolved 

Phone 225-1666 

ABU DHABI. United 
Arab E m irates —• Latest e ffo rts to re s o lv e the price dispute within the 
O rg a n iz atio n of P e tr o ­ leum 
E x p o rtin g 
Countries appears to be heading for failure. 
Hope for an end had been pinned on President 
Carlos Andres Perez, of 
Venezuela, who is tour­ ing m ajor oil producing nations along the Persian 
Gulf. 
T hus far, P e re z has av o id ed d ir e c tly a s s o ­ ciating his trip with the question of oil prices. 
The oil m inister of the 
Em irates, where Perez is to visit this weekend, has ru led out any co m p ro ­ mise on prices. 
Katanga rebels win a round 

KINSHASA, Zaire — 
D ip lo m atic so u rces r e ­ port th at rebel forces pushed back a g o v ern ­ m ent assault on the im ­ portant rebel-held village of Kapanga in northern 
S h a b a ( K a ta n g a ) p ro ­ vince. 
The report was the first from the area since the 
Z a ire g o v e r n m e n t a n ­ nounced opening a s e ­ cond front in Shaba. Ka­ panga. 47o miles south­ east of the capital was one of the first points captured in the opening days of a drive into Shaba last month. 

South Africa 
OKs more talks 

CAPE TOWN - Three day s of ta lk s betw een 
W estern delegates and 
South 
A fric a on the 
South-W est A frica d is ­ pute has ended with an agreem ent lo hold more meetings. 
This was an indication that Prim e Minister John 
V o r s t e r ’s go v e rn rn e ii t may be willing to move toward compliance with 
U n ited N a tio n s c o n d i­ tions for the territory's 

 pW HffiDi 
■ DIGEST 

 independence. 
The talk s reportedly centered on the possibili­ ty of a referen d u m to d e te rm in e how the ll ethnic groups in South- 
West Africa feel about an independence charter. 
Arabs step into 
Pakistan fight 

RAWALPINDI, P ak is­ tan — Prospects for a n e g o tia te d s e ttle m e n t between Prim e Minister 
Ali Bhutto and his em ­ b itte re d p o litical foes have brightened with re­ ports of an apparent m e­ diation mission by Saudi 
Arabia and the United 
Arab Em irates. 
The acting leader of the opposition Pakistan 
National A lliance said that em issaries of the two oil-rich Arab states bad offered to use their good offices for the betterment of Pakistan and of Mos­ lems in general. 
Ethiopia eyeing territory vole 

ADDIS ABABA - Eth­ iopia is keeping a n er­ vous eye on d e v e lo p ­ ments in the neighboring 
French territory of the 
A fa rs an d th e Issa s, where a referendum May 
8 will lead to indepen­ dence and possibly a government linked to So­ malia. 
The referendum seek­ ing an independent state on June ‘27 is certain to pass. Ethiopia feels that the 6 5 -m em b er s in g le ­ slate parliament may fa­ vor annexation by Soma­ lia, long at odds with 
Ethiopia. 
R u ssians h it 
U.S. broadcasts 
MOSCOW — T he Soviet 
Union has protested to the United S tates that broadcasts to Communist co u n tries by Radio Li­ berty and R adio F re e 
Europe constitute a con­ tinued provocation. 
A 
U.S. 
E m b a s s y spokesman said the pro­ test was read to embassy political counsellor Wil­ liam Brown at the Soviet 
F o re ig n M in istry and that “ the assertions of their representation were categorically rejected on the spot.” 
The two U.S. govern­ ment-supported stations operate out of Munich, 
West Germany. 
Resignation 

WEST BERLIN - So­ c ia lis t 
M ayor 
K laus 
Schultz says he will re­ sign in a few days in the latest of a series of crises th a t lias rocked 
G erm any’s ruling Social 
Democrats over the past several months. 

Sen. Robert P. G riffin,. 
R-Mich., announced he will not seek re-election in 1978 when his cur­ rent term expires. He has served IO years in the House and will have served I 2 years in the 
Senate when he retires. 
— AP Wirephoto. 
'17 K elly veterans reunited 

F our m em b ers of an aerial squadron stationed at Kelly Field 6o years ago during World War I cam e back to Kelly AFB 
Friday. 
It could be their last reunion. 
The v e te ra n s , all in their 8os. are am ong tin? last 16 survivors of the 
26o-member 351st Aero 
S q u a d ro n at K elly in 
1917-18. 
The old-timers — John 
G. Oeehsner of El Paso, 
J. B. .Sinclair of Gasport, 
Ind.; Fred Alderman of 
Pinedale, Wyo., and Ed­ ward Brough of St. He!-: ena, Ore.—were engaged in airplane maintenance training as enlisted men with the Signal C orps squadron at Kelly six de­ cades ago. 
For about 25 years they have had almost-annual reunions at various sites around the nation. Last year the get-together was at Fort Lauderdale, Fla. 
With their advancing age, they believe this might be the final time they will be able to meet. 

Trips 

T h is y e a r ’s reu n io n started T hursday at the 
T ra v e L o d g e at C o u rth ­ ouse S q u a re and will con tin u e with inform al g a t h e r in g s th e re u n til 
S u n d ay , w ith s e v e ra l tr ip s p la n n e d to K elly and to other local scenic and historical sites. 

At Kelly, the four men and eight accom panying re la tiv e s a n d frie n d s w ere g r e e te d by M aj. 
Gen. John R. Kelly J r., 
San Antonio Air Logistics- 
C e n te r C o m m a n d e r. 

Gen. 
Kelly showed them a pictorial display depicting activities on the base from its found­ ing in 1917 through World 
War ll to modern times. 
He also detailed plans for the observance of Kelly’s 
6oth anniversary on May 
.7. 
Following a discussion with Gen. Kelly in which they r e m in is c e d ab o u t their experiences al Kel­ ly F ield d u r in g W orld 
War I, the oldtimers, se­ veral in w h e e lc h a irs . were taken on a tour of the large logistics center. 

BILL MILLER BARBQUE COUPON 

Delicious Bar-B-Que B eef Plate 

NOW 

I 

1 

A complete meal with: 1/4 lb. BBQ Beef, a serving of 

 pinto beans, potatoes, cole slaw, with pickle, onion, 

 bread, and sauce...regularly $1.75. Limit 6 

SPECIALS EFFECTIVE THRU WEDNESDAY, MAY 4 , 1 9 7 7 

ONLY 

F re s h , H o t » 
COBBLER Pi** 
8 9* SJT 

S w e e t , Ice d 
TEA 
I Cal. 
A 
1 p i*# * 

M ' J * ;• dap. 

Strategy meeting set to halt boat hijackings 

 son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-—Soturdoy April 3o 1977 
H 
Page * 5-A 

M O BILE, 
Ala. 
(A P)—Law officers from live states and federal 
(Minier agents plan to meet in Mobile May 2o to draw up a “ game plan” to combat an apparent 
Cise in boat hijackings in 
Hie Gulf of Mexico. 
W illiam B. Garner, acting chief of the 
Alabama Marine Police, said 
Friday 
“ there have been too many dis­ 

 appearances to have all been accidents." 
Last fall and early this year two luxury yachts. 
The Pirate’s Lady from 
New Orleans and The 
Flying Dutchman from 
Montgomery, Ala., van­ ished without a trace alter departing Apala­ chicola, Fla..on cruises in the Gulf. Authorities say it s likely both were hijacked. 

Garner said the meet­ ing probably wont produce anything new on those two cases, but he said it could establish a coordinated program to discourage hijackings in the future. 
“ Subsequent to the most recent incidents, there has been recogni­ tion of the fact that there was no coordination of investigative efforts," he 

NEW HOURS 
MON.-SAT. 1o-7 
FRI. 1o-9 
2 5 U U B r o a d w a y 
1 2 1 8 S.W . M ilita ry 
SPECIAL PURCHASE SALE 

JULIETTE 
_ 
/i. 

 m 
/ m 
STEREO 
RADIO WITH 
8-TRACK 

PLAYER AND 

FULL SIZE 

BSR RECORD 

CHANGER 

Air suspension duo cone 

 speakers 
17"Hx1o"Wx5"D. 

Sugg. R e ta il $ 2 2 4 .9 5 1o99o 

“ 4 2 ^ * 
OOO5 
Su gg. R e ta il $ 2 5 9 .9 5 
99 
I ll9 

JULIETTE 
AM/FM 
STEREO 
RADIO WITH 
8-TRACK 
TAPE PLAYER 
AND FULL SIZE 
BUILT-IN 
RECORD 
CHANGER 

A ir S u sp e n sio n Duo 
C on e S p e a k e rs. 
I 9 ” H x I I ” W x 6 W ’D. 

JULIETTE 
8-TRACK 
STEREO TAPE 
PLAYER WITH 
MATCHING 
SPEAKERS 
12'/2"Hx 83/4’’W x4 "D 

S u g g. R e ta il $ 7 4 .9 5 

N ot As Illu strated . 

99 

DIGITAL 
ALARM 

Sugg. Ret. 
$ 1 5 .5 o 799 

176-oo1 

DELUXE DIGITAL ALARM CLOCK, large lighted leaf-type numerals ore easy to see in any light. 24 hour alarm system, with 
AM and PM markings can be set at IO minute intervals. Revolving seconds indicator. Whisper-quiet operation. 
L.E.D. ALARM 
1oo% SOLID STATE ELECTRONIC ALARM CLOCK. Long life, completely silent operation. Computer-type 7/1o" LEO display. Electronic 24-hour (beep tone) alarm memory, lighted 'alarm set" and PM indicators. "Fast'' and "Slow" scanning controls and “seconds set" for accurate time set­ ting. Touch ’n Drowse repeat alarm. Simulated wood walnut- groined finish. 

S u g g. R e ta il 

$ 2 8 .5 o 
99 
176-o13 

W hile They Last 
L.E.D. AM/FM 
CLOCK RADIO 
99 

1oo% SOLID STATE ELECTRONIC CLOCK and FULL-FEATURE AM/EM RADIO. Computer-type 9/1o Iii Display Wake to music, sleep to music woke to music. Fast' Slow scanning controls, seconds set for easy time settings. 24-hr memory alarm with automatic shut-off and recall. Touch ’n Drowse. Power failure indicator. Rotary drum direct tuning dial 

 l.C.D. CALCULATOR 

8-digit large L.C.D. display; Full direct access memory; (AA 4-, AA-, RAA); % Key automatic mark-ups and discounts; Sign exchange key; Chain, mixed, power, constant calculation,- Carry case included; 
Power-. Hearing aid batteries (2) included; 
Weight: Approximately 2 ’/? Oz.; Size: 

S u g g. R e ta il $ 2 9 .9 5 
*1 9 99 

I b='Q J_ 

12oo 
HOURS 
BEFORE 
BATTERY 
CHANGE j 
J S M 
® 
® 

■ lotToOl 
MEN’S L.E.D. WATCHES 

ALL METAL 
CASE AND 
BRACELET 

Not exactly as shown 

SPECIAL 
$ 
PURCHASE 

6 FUNCTION 

• HOUR 

• MINUTE 

• SECOND 

• DATE 

• DAY 

• MONTH 

 said. “ The Mobile meet­ ing will therefore try to arrange some method for' an exchange of information among the many agencies which might be involved." 

Ile said states to par­ ticipate are Florida. 
Alabama, Mississippi, 
Louisiana and Texas, along with agents from the FBI and federal cus­ toms, border patrol and 

 narcotics divisions. 

Tho Pirate s Lady. owned by Charles 
D. 
Slater of New Orleans, disappeared Jan. 27 with two crewmen aboard. 
The Flying utchman. owned by John ijt of 
Mon t go me ry, vanished last Oct. 2H with ijt and three others aboard. 
There were no distress signals and no trace of boats or passengers has been found. 
N-plant lax in security 

CORDOVA, III. (A P) — One of the nation’s largest nuclear power plants was left nearly unguarded dur­ ing a time when federal officials requested intensified security precautions because of an expected terrorist attack, a newspaper says. 
Although Commonwealth Edison, operator of tin* plant, issued public assurances that the plant was under extra-heavy guard, its guards had in fact w alked out in a labor dispute, according to a copy­ righted story in The Daily Dispatch of Moline, 
The newspaper said it learned about the walkout 
Wednesday night from former guards at the plant. 
Officials of the electric company confirmed the story 
Thursday. 
The Quad Cities plant here, built in 1972 along the 
Mississippi River in northwestern Illinois, is one of the nation’s largest, generating 1.6 million kilowatts of electricity. 
The federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission alert­ ed officials at nuclear plants throughout the nation in 
May 1976 to the possibility of a terrorist attack during the Memorial Day weekend. 
Officials of 
Commonwealth 
Edison and lowa-Illinots Gas and Electric Co., which owns 25 per cent of the plant, issued statements at the time saying that guards had been added lo tlit* security force and that exotic electronic devices would protect the plant from any terrorist threat. 
The attack never materialized but a dozen guards walked off the job. The guards were employes of 
Pinkerton’s, a private security and detective firm. 
A former plant security official said the electronic security devices were nearly useless on the day of the walkout because steam and wet weather caused the alarms “ to go off one after another," the newspaper said. 
The ispatch reported in earlier stories that the 
F B I was investigating allegations by former guards that security and safety procedures at the Cordova generating plant were lax. 
Failure of the guards to report for work left a Pin­ kerton captain and a guard borrowed from another 
Commonwealth Edison plant at Morris as the only security personnel on duty, the newspaper said. 

San Antonio College will begin issuing Summer 
Registration time permits 
Monday, May 2 for 
Day and Evening classes. 

Time Permits 

Last 
Name 
A F 
C L 
M R 
S Z 
NOTE: 

Day 
Date 
Mon. May 2 
Tues. May 3 
Wed. May 4 
Thur. May 5 

Day 
Permits 
Issued in FAC 2oo between 8:oo a.m. and 3:3o p.m. 
Students missing their day to seoule a permit may obtain one beginning Monday, May 9. Evening permits will be issued Monday through Thurs day between 5:oo p.m. and 8:oo p.m. and Day permits will be issued Monday through Friday between 8:oo a.m. and 3:3o p.m. 

Evening 
Permits 
Issued in FAC 115 between 5:oo p.m. and 8:oo p.m. 

O ff Campus Classes 

Brooks Air Force Base 
East Central High School 
Fort Sam Houston 
Kelly Air Force Base 
Lackland Air Force Base 
McCollum High School 

North Side Ind. School Dist. 
Randolph Air Force Base 
San Antonio Police Dept. 
Southwest Center 
USAA 

Registration May24-25 

San Antonio College 

13oo San Pedro Avenue 

San Antonio, Texas 78284 

For further information, phone Registrar's office 

734-7311 / Day-Ext. 236 / Evenmg-Ext. 415 

An equal opportunity college ... applicants admitted without regard to nationality, color, creed or religion. 
Oenhome’s hawing a sale 

 mon. & thur. 9-9; tue., wed., fri. & sat. 9-6 

Teak bunkbed, 39x75’/2 
N O W s288. Was $423. (without mattresses) 
Easy chair, brown corduroy 
NO W :288. Was $368. 
Teak bookcase, 35x11x76 
N O W S1 28. was $188. 

 plus 
Entire THAYER COGGIN WAREHOUSE PROGRAM 
Less 25% 

Oak Formica typing table 
N O W J78. 
W as $1o8 
Teak music bench, 63 xl9 % x24 (ext. 12o} 
NOW s248. Was $358. 
Teak man s chest, 45x18x43 
N O W *298. Was $377. 

Save up to 5o% on over one half million dollars worth of merchandise . . . come see the rest 

6951 San Pedro, 344-2338 (I mile south of Loop 41o) 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Soturdoy April 3o I 977 
Four quit Teamsters fund 

Three tor $169. 

 l l ililllllllltl v fff Jf a i * ti'lih ti J 
I'* 
I I i I 
O H R 

Wall units priced unbelievably right Com plete three unit group as show n is St69. Each ready to assem ble unit is 12 deep, 3o wide 72 high, and may be purchased separately 
Sixteen inch depth, extra shelves, and another m odel offered at slightly higher prices 
Vinyl clad finishes are white, walnut, light or dark butcher block. Finished natural elm veneer wood units are also available. Each unit com es unassembled in a box. ready for you lo pick up and put together. Master Charge, BankAmericard, or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341-2281 

W ASHIN GTO N (A P ) 
— Teamsters President 
Frank E. Fitzsimmons and three other long-time trustees of the union’s seandal-scarred CentraI 
States pension fund re­ signed Friday, the Labor 
Department announced. 
Hie resignations were part of an agreement with the government, which promised in return to drop plans for a law­ suit and to restore the fund s tax exemption. 
Labor Secretary Ray 
M arshall said he was pleased by the resigna­ tions. He called it “ a further indication that the fund is entering a new era of its operations.'’ 
Marshall said. “ It now appears likely that li­ tigation over the fund's procedures for asset management will not be necessary.’’ However, the secretary added that this still depended on whether the complete agreement is carried out. 
Since 1975 
The government has been investigating the fund since 1975 because of allegations that its as­ sets were mismanaged and that it maintained ties to organized crime. 
In his letter of resigna­ tion addressed to the board. 
Fitzsimmons 

 defended the turui s operation. He made no mention of the Labor 
Department investiga­ tion. saying only that the 
1974 federal pension reform law made it im­ possible for him to pre­ side over both the opera­ tion of the fund and the union. 
Resigning in addition to Fitzsimmons were un­ ion official Roy Williams and management repre­ sentatives John Spieker- man and Andrew 
G 
Massa. They were the last remaining trustees whose terms of office began before Oct. 26, 
1976. Their replacements have not been appointed. 
Fitzsimmons said his responsibilities to the fund have been fulfilled with the restoration of the fund's tax-exempt ion by the Internal Revenue 
Service and the selection of an outside asset man­ ager. 

The agreement, worked out last month among trustees for the 
$1.4 billion pension fund, the 
Labor 
Department and the IRS, called for the fund to turn over control of its assets to outsiders. On April 14, the trustees agreed to transfer control of the fund’s securities to 
Crocker National Bank of 
San Francisco. 

Independent oilm en get Senate tax help 

FRANK FITZSIMMONS 
. . . Teamsters president 

Research goes to pot 

BRO W NSVILLE, (A P) 
— A New Je rse y man was given a 
1o-year probated sentence F r i­ day for possession of marijuana after telling the judge he participated in t he venture lo research material for a book. 

William Arthur Foley. 
5o, was arrested by South 
Padre Island police on 
Jan. 24 in a raft contain­ ing 3oo pounds of the il­ legal weed. Police also seized Ox bottles of ha­ shish oil valued at 
$15o,ooo, eight LDS tab­ lets and some uniden­ tified pills. A second man on the raft escaped. 

Dillard’s 

 save 31! 
Amana R deluxe 
Radarange oven for Mom 

$468 

M I C R O W A V E J O V E N 

Reg. 499.95 

Deluxe microwave oven with Am ana’s" exclusive power shift adjusts to the exact cooking speed you 

 desire, now with free Cookkit . . . a browning skillet and grill. Sale-priced just in time for Mother’s Day! 

Appliances 

 surprise Mom with a Genie automatic garage door opener! 

$158 

* installed 

O pens the door 

 apar 
W ibi 
‘JJZL-.- sr*. 
I * , , l a 

 i 
... 

Turns on the light 

Closes the door 
Locks up tight 

The whole family will love Genie remote control garage door opener. No more struggling with heavy doors in the cold, rain or dark. You stay safe in the car while Genie works. ‘ Normal installation in city limits. 

Appliances 

SHOP M O NDA Y THRU SATURDAY IO A.M. ’TIL 9 P.M. 
J 

WASHINGTON (A P) - Independent oilmen are halfway home in their ef­ forts to regain a $3o m illion tax advantage they lost in 1976. 
The Senate on Friday passed a tax bill which includes repeal of the 13 per cent minimum tax levied on certain intangible drilling costs in 1976. The provision was inserted in the bill by the Senate Thursday at the request of 
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen. D-Tex. The bill now goes to a conference committee. 
Bentsen, like many Texas legisla­ tors. thinks the independent drillers are the most effective people in the energy production industry when it comes to presenting their case to Con­ gress. 
“ They’ll bring their tax returns right into your office and show you exactly where it's hurting them ,’' 
Bentsen said. 

The independents started lobbying in force this year when their tax accoun­ tants gave thorn the bad news about the impact of the 1976 law on income taxes. Some said they would have to reduce exploratory drilling by as much as 3o per cent, Bentsen said. 

They were especially annoyed that corporations were not subject to the same provision. They said it gave the major oil companies unfair advantages in the search for oil. When President 
Carter said he favored eliminating that advantage, Bentsen acted, without waiting for Carter to send his legisla­ tion to Congress. 

The intangibles drilling deduction is a complicated provision. Basically, it is an accelerated depreciation privilege for oil drilling investment. 

FORECAST 

Flurrioi 7o 

SO l o i n 
\ \ \ \ \ 

• I t h o * 

 tem p era tu re s for a r e a 

Shoerert 
Stationary O c c lu d e d 
;<««« 

D a t a from 

N A T IO N A L W EATHER SER VIC E 
N O A A . U S Dept of Commerce 

SAN A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I 
T Y — P o r t ly c lo u d y w ith a chance of thundershow ers and w a rm th ro u g h S u n d a y . H igh te m p e ratu re s S a tu rd a y in the low 8os. Low In, the mid-6os 
Southeasterly winds 5 to 12 mph. 
Sun rises at 6:53 and sets at 
8: IO. Moon is in the first quarter 
Moon rises at 5:2o p.m. and sets a l 
J 42 a in. 
T e m p e r a tu r e s 
F rid a y ran g ed from 67 to 81 degrees 
(Notional W eather Set vice forecast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y 
58 per cent as of 7 p m. Frid ay 
P R E C I P IT A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l rainfall for the 24-hour period ending at 7 p.m. Frid ay, none; tor the month, 8.4 inches, for the year, 13.3o inches. Accum ulated departure Irom norm al for the month, plus 6.o7 inches; for the year. plus 5.7o inches. 
N O R T H 
T E X A S 
— 
P o r t ly cloudy and mild with chance of showers through Sunday. 
SO U TH T E X A o - C o n s id e r pie night and morning cloudiness becoming p artly cloudy during the afternoons and mild through 
Sunday. 
W E S T 
T E X A S — S c a tte re d m a in ly a fte rn o o n an d n ig h t showers with mild tem peratures through Sunday 
N A T IO N A L — Showers Will tie scattered in western Washington, 
South C a r o lin a , e a s te rn and central Nebraska and from Tex as across Oklahom a and into the lower Ohio V a lle y. O ccasion al thunderstorms with be present in those areas east of the Rockies bul will be prominent in northern 
O klahom a, northern A rk a n sa s and southwest M issouri. Skies will be cloudy along tile central 
Pacific Coast, in South Carolina and in the ra in a r e a fro m n o rth e rn O k la h o m a into the lower Ohio Valiev. Sunny skies w ill p r e v a il e ls e w h e re . Cool tem peratures w ill prevail (rom the s o u th e rn A tla n tic C o ast 
States north into C anada and west to include the lower Ohio 
Valley and eastern portion of the 
G reat Lak e s. The rest of 1he nation will be mild 
T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, 16 degrees at Bradford, 
PA. 
Highest, 93 degrees at Phoenix, 
An*. 

M A R IN E 
W IN D S — Southeasterly winds 
12 *o 17 mph through Saturday night, beds tour to six feet 
T ID E S — P o rt A ra n s a s for 
Sunday: Highs at 1:32 a rn. and 
I p.m. Low s at 7:53 a m. and 
7:57 p m . P o rt Isabel for Sun day: Highs at 2:31 a m. and 1:59 p.m.-Low s at 8:42 a.m. and 8:46 p.ni. 
G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 

Rains roll into state 

ASSO C IATED PRESS 
Booming thunderstorms sprinkled with at least one tornado rolled across a vast section of West and 
Central Texas and the South Plains Friday after­ noon. dampening most Texans's outlook for a nice weekend. 
A funnel cloud was sighted five miles northeast of 
Chillocothe in Wilbarger County. 
Rainfall rates ranged from a quarter inch to a half inch per hour in North Central Texas along a line from San Angelo to San Saba, with Brownwood receiving a lot of rain. One Brownwood radio station told the National Weather Service that 3V2 inches fell in four hours. 
In a 24-hour period that ended Friday morning, 
2.35 inches of rain fell at Tahoka near Lubbock. 
Outside the storm areas, winds were from the south to southeast ut five to 15 miles an hour. A stationary front located in the Panhandle caused winds to be from the northeast. 

T E X A S W EA T H ER 

Forecast 

City 
Tcmparture 

Sot 
Sun. 

Am arillo 
6o 79 
6o-8o 
Cloodv, mild 
Austin 
62 8o 
63 81 
Cloudy, mild 
Laredo 
64-82 
64 83 
Cloudy, mild 
Corpus C hrist 
63-8S 65-85 
Cloudy, mild 
Victoria 
64 85 
65 85 
Cloudy, mild 
Dallas Fort Worth 
62-79 
63-79 
Cloudy, warm 
McAllen Brownsville 67 85 
66-85 
Cloudy, warm 
Houston 
63 82 
63 82 
P artly cloudy, warm 

F O R E IG N 
Based on observations taken at 
6 a rn. Frid ay San Antonio time. 
Tem peratures a re in Fahren heit 
(left) and Centigrade.) 

City 
Far. 

SOUTH C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
44 
Louisville 
38 
Memphis 
66 
Oklahoma City6o 
SI. Louis 
46 
Wichita 
56 
SOUTHEAST 

San Antonio 
67 
81 
SOUTH T E X A S 
Austin 
62 
Beeville 
6o 
Brow nsville 
68 
Corpus Christi 68 
Cotulla 
Del Rio 
Junction 
Kingsville 
Victoria 

Abilene 
Alpine 
Am arillo 
Dallas 
El Paso 
Fort Worth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
San Angelo 
Waco 

63 
63 
66 
6o 
62 
T E X A S 
625o 
54 
6451 
63 
66 
57 
55 
63 
64 
SO UTH W EST 
Denver 
45 
Honolulu 
74 
Los Angeles 
55 
Las Vegas 
57 
Phoenix 
63 
Salt Lake City 5o 
San Diego 
57 

.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
oo 
.o5 
OO 
OO 
OO 

IO 
.o6 
.o8 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
.23 
oo 

.oo 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 

Atlanta 
Birm ingham 
Charleston 
Jacksonville 
New Orleans 
Raleigh 
Richmond 
T ampa 

47 
61 
33 
5o51 
47 
4o 
48 

B is m a r c k 
Boise 
Casper 
Helena 

NORTHW EST 

Portland, Ore. 47 
Rapid City 
53 
San Francisco 53 
Seattle 
53 
Spokane 
SI 
NORTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
Detroit 
Duluth 
Indianapolis 
M ilwaukee 
Mum St. Paul 
Omaha 
Sit. Ste. M arie 27 

Boston 
Buffalo 
C le v e la n d 
Columbus 

NOR THEA ST 

New York City 38 
Philadelphia 
37 
Pittsburgh 
28 
Portland, Me. 28 
Washington 
41 

58 
48 
55 
6o 
61 
61 
56 
SI 
63 

OO 
OO 
.oo 
.o5 
OO 
.oo 

oo 
IO 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
oo 
.18 
OO 

OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
oo 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 

.oo 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
.o6 
.27 
.oo 
.oo 
.ll 

Aberdeen 
Amsterdam 
Ankara 
Antigua 
Athens 
Auckland 
Berlin 
Beirut 
Birm ingham 
Bonn 
Brussels 
Cairo 
Casablanca 
Copenhagen 
Dublin 
Geneva 
Hong Kong 
I isbon 
London 
Madrid 
Molto 
Manila 
Moscow 
New Delhi 
Nice 
Oslo 
Paris 
Peking 
Rome 
Saigon 
Seoul 
Sofia 
Stockholm 
Sydney 
Taipei 
Teheran 
Tel Aviv 
Tokyo 
T urns 
Vienna 
W ursaw 

Cent. 

5o 
IO 
55 
13 

81 
27 
75 
24 
57 ti 
63 f7 
63 
17 
52 ll 
55 
13 
52 ll 
72 
22 
66 
IV 
45 o7 
52 ll 
46 i)8 
73 
23 
59 
15 
52 
J I 
61 
)6 
68 
^o 
85 > 29 
61 
J6 
9o 
32 
64 
18 
55 
13 
55 
13 
63 
17 
72 
22 
84 
29 
57 
14 
72 
22 
55 
13 
57 ll 
7o 
21 
76 
25 
68 
2o 
5o 
IO 
75 
24 
7o 
21 
66 
19 

SOUTH A M E R IC A 

Asuncion 
Buenos Aires 
Lim a 
Montevideo 
Rio De Janeiro 

M E X IC O 
(M e x ica n te m p e ra tu re s aa p e ar in both F a h re n h e it and 
Centigrade or C elsius. Fa h re n heil is listed first in each column.) 
Acapulco ........... 73, 23 
88n;ol 
Guadalaiora 
...4 8 o9 
85 79 
Mazotlan ........... 57/ 14 
85 2V 
Mexico City ___ 54 12 t 7-2S 
Monterrey .... 68 2o 
81 ',27 
Roots Sandal 
Special. 

Barefoot comfort is yours at a very comfortable price in these well-crafted sandals with soft, natural leather uppers and foam-padded leather insoles. 

Only the Beat in Shoes. Handbags, and Other Accessories 

4225 McCullough 
822-o653 
ROOTS 

Dillard’s 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 
¥ 
 saturday 9-5, last day 

W A R E H O U S E 
I q jl5 N. b r o a d w a y 

This is your last chance to save in Dillard's warehouse of values! 
Come to 9315 N. Broadway, I mile north of Loop 41o between 9 
A.M. and 5 P.M. Saturday and save! No phone orders, layaways or C O D orders, please. All items subject to prior sale. 

These items below go on sale 9 a.m. Sat. 

 save MSI! console stereo (2) 

O rig. 279.95. Repossession, has 

AM-Fm , 8 -Track, as is: 

o,.- 
311 s t e r 

$ i 

 anesonic 
9 5 
° r,S- 229.Vj 

^ 
. ^ 
8 
. 7 
° 
* ' 
$ i 

 l l .95 off. WGA TV a 
A 
* o o 
3" diag. P°rt- c° i 
ZZ?!"!*o** ™ 
Re3- 119.95 1*2 " bz 

™ ^ 
Hitachi. 6 o l W P° r,Qble 

 save *311! WGA stereos 

Orig. 399.95. Quod stereo with 

A M -F M , 8-track. 2 only. 

$ 

 s a v e ‘S O ' f » „ „ i 
Orig , , 7, f Bookcase 
2gi 

$6o oft'. Patio set 

O rig 
3-pc- white paT«o 

Only one 

 set. 

 set! 
. 9 chairs, table and I c 

*6o off! headboard (I only) 

O rig. $ 1 1 9 . Brass plated twin 

 size headboard, a superbuy! 

O ri- 

1,6o off.' sofa 

o ri9- 5 3 9 9 n, 
, 

°nd 
'bra, ° £ "° ° d9 - e n 
$ , 

$ 

*119 

 save *15o'. peeper 

. 
<5399. Brown and beige 

° r,9 ‘ inn bv Simmons. stripes, H erm on by 

$12o off I chai, 

° r«9. $159. Broyhill orange cot­ ton velvet tub chair. 

*249 

REFRIGERATORS— FREEZERS 
I 2o.6 cu. ft. Frigidaire as is, reg. 579.95 ......... $ 3 6 8 
I 2o.6 cu. ft. Frigidaire, reg. 579.95 ............... $ 4 2 8 
I 3-door Frigidaire refrig., reg. 7o9.95 ............. $ 5 4 6 
I 3-door refrigerator, as is, reg. 799.95 ............ $ 5 8 8 
I 2o.6 cu. ft. refrig., reg. 579.95 ...................... $ 4 2 8 
I 3-door refrigerator, as is, reg. 699.95 ............ $ 5 3 6 
I 17 cu. ft. deluxe refrigerator, reg. 549.95 ...... $ 4 3 8 
I 2o.6 cu. ft. refrigerator, reg. 579.95 .............. $ 4 2 8 
I 17 cu. ft. copper refrig., as is, reg. 519.95 ...... $ 3 9 9 
3 17 cu. ft. refrig., reg. 529.95 ......................... $ 3 9 9 
4 17 cu. ft. refrig., avo., reg. 539.95 ................ $ 3 9 9 
3 17 cu. ft. refrig., gold, reg. 539.95 .......... $ 3 9 9 
2o.6 cu. ft. copper Frig!., reg. 589.95 ............. $ 4 2 8 
Frigidaire 5 cu. ft. freezer, reg. 289.95 ......... $ 1 8 6 
4 Am ana 7 cu. ft. chest freezer, reg. 239.95 ...... $ 1 8 8 

WASHERS— DRYERS 
M aytag Big load elec. dryer, reg. 229.95 ...... $ 1 6 8 
2-speed M aytag washer, rea. 359.95 ............. $ 2 8 5 
M aytag deluxe washer, orig. 349.95 .............. $ 2 8 8 
M aytag deluxe washer, orig. 349.95 .............. $ 2 8 9 
2-speed washer, orig. 369.95 .................... 
$ 2 9 9 
Automatic control elect, dryer, orig. 299.95 .... $ 2 5 8 
M aytag deluxe washers, orig. 339.95 ............. $ 2 8 8 
Automatic control gas dryer, orig. 3o9.95 ...... $ 2 1 6 
Electronic control dryer, orig. 349.95 ............. $ 2 3 8 
Electronic control gas dryer, orig. 389.95 ....... $ 2 5 8 
Deluxe 2-soeed washers, orig. 4 1 9 .9 5 ............. $ 3 2 8 
M aytag gas dryer, orig. 3/V.V5 .................... $ 2 4 6 
Auto, control electric dryer, orig. 299.95 ........ $ 19 8 
Deluxe 2-speed washer, orig. 419.95 .............. $ 32 8 
Fabric-Matic washer, orig. 389.95 .................. $ 3 1 8 
Deluxe 2-speed washer, orig. 419.95 .............. $ 32 8 
M aytag elect, cont, elect, dryer, orig. 369.95 ... $ 2 9 8 
Frigidaire laundry center, as is, orig. 5 5 9 .9 5 .... $ 2 6 8 
Frigi. deluxe washer, orig. 399.95 .................. $ 2 4 8 
Frigi. gas dryer, gold, orig. 299.95 ................. $ 2 1 6 
Frigi. deluxe washer, orig. 379.95 .................. $ 2 4 8 
Frigi. deluxe washer, orig. 349.95 .................. $ 2 3 6 
Frigi. electric dryer, orig. 249.95 ................... $ 1 8 8 
Frigi. automatic washer, as is, orig. 279.95 ..... $ 1 6 8 

 save 51.95! 3 games in I: tennis, hockey, smash 
Magnavox Odyssey 4oo TV game 

* 4 8 
W 
Reg. 9 9 .95 

Only 3o to sell! Enjoy Tennis, Hockey and 
Smash right in your living room with on­ screen digital scoring ... a super home-en- tertainment system. 

RADARANGES 
4 Am ana Radaranges, orig. 299.95 ................... $ 1 4 8 
3 Am ana Radaranges, orig. $319.95 ................. $ 1 9 8 
13 Am ana deluxe Radaranges, orig. 429.95 ....... $ 2 9 6 
2 Am ana deluxe Radaranges, orig. 499.95 ........ $ 3 6 8 
1 Am ana Radarange w/powershift, orig. 499.95 
$ 4 2 8 
2 Am ana Touchmatic Radaranges, orig. 599.95 ... $ 4 9 6 
2 Am ana deluxe Radranges, orig. 349.95 .......... $ 2 3 8 

DISHWASHERS 
I M aytag deluxe convertible, orig. 429.95 ........ $ 2 6 8 
1 M aytag convertible, gold, orig. 399.95 .......... $ 188 
2 M aytag built-in dishwashers, orig. 379.95 ....... $ 2 8 8 
I M aytag deluxe built-in, orig. 429.95 ............... $ 3 4 6 
I Frigidaire convertible, orig. 329.95 ................. $ 23 8 
I Frigidaire deluxe convert., orig. 479.95 ..... $ 2 8 8 

81.95 off! IO only, washers 

$ l Q 
O 
I 
/ u 
O rig. 279.95 

Frigidaire automatic washers in white. 

RANGES 
I Frigidaire 3o” deluxe, orig. 569.95 ................ $338 
I Frigidaire 3o” deluxe elect., orig. 579.95 ....... $338 
I Frigidaire deluxe 4 o ” elect., orig. 589.95 ....... $ 3 6 8 
I Frigidaire deluxe 4 o ” elect., orig. 589.95 ....... $368 
I Caloric 3 o ” self-clean gas, orig. 499.95 ......... $ 2 4 8 
I Caloric 3o” self-clean gas, orig. 499.95 ......... $ 1 8 8 
I Caloric 3o” self-clean gas, orig. 499.95 ......... $ 3 4 6 
I Caloric 36” gas, avocado, orig. 3 1 9 .9 5 ......... $ 2 2 8 
I Caloric 36” self-clean gas, orig. 629.95 ......... $ 3 9 8 
I Caloric 3o” gas, orig. 289.95 ...................... $ 228 
I Caloric 3o” self-clean gas, orig. 499.95 ......... $ 3 4 6 
I Caloric 36” gas, white, orig. 289.95 ............. $238 
I Caloric 3o” gas, white, orig. 259.95 ............. $218 
I 36” eye-level gas, white, orig. 929.95 ............ $ 6 8 8 
I Caloric 3o” gas, gold, repo., orig. 279.95 ...... $ 125 

TELEVISIONS 
6 M agnavox 19” diag. color, orig. 449.95 ........ $ 3 3 8 
1 M agnavox 19” diag, color, orig. 479.95 ........ $ 2 9 9 
2 M agnavox 19” color w/Odyssey, orig. 529.95 
$ 3 8 8 
2 M agnavox 19” diag, color, orig. 429.95 ........ $ 2 9 9 
2 M agnavox 25” color w/twin spks., orig. 749.95 $ 5 6 8 
1 M agnavox 25” color, Early Am., orig. 699.95 .. $ 5 1 8 
2 M agnavox 25” Med. color, orig. 629.95 ........ $ 5 2 8 
1 M agnavox 19” decorator color TV, orig. 569.95 $ 3 9 9 
2 19” black and white, orig. 179.95 .................. $ 1 3 6 
I 25” Early Am. pine, TV, orig. 699.95 ............. $ 5 6 8 
I M agnavox 19” color TV, orig. 469.95 ............ $ 3 6 8 
I M agnavox 25” Med. color, orig. 699.95 ........ $ 5 6 8 
I M agnavox 13” diagonal color TV, orig. 349.95 $ 2 8 8 
I M agnavox 19” diag. B&W, orig. 169.95 ....... $ 1 3 8 
I M G A 19” diag, color w/remote, orig. $63o .... $ 4 8 8 

I M G A deluxe 19” diag, color, orig. 499.95 ...... $ 3 6 8 
I M G A 19” diag, color, orig. $58o .................. $ 4 4 8 

 save 19o.95! Amana 18' refrigerator 

$ 9 / L Q 
V 
V 
U 
O rig. 559.95 

Repossession, one only, Amana 18 cu. ft. with 4 V2 yr. warranty. In gold. 

CONSOLE STEREOS 
3 M agnavox Early Am. w/8-Tr., orig. 479.95 . $ 2 6 8 
1 M agnavox Med. console, orig. 349.95 ........... $ 1 8 8 
2 M agnavox Early Am. cons., orig. 349.95 ..... $ 1 8 8 
I M agnavox dry sink cons., orig. 569.95 ........... $ 3 8 8 
I 
M agnavox Med. console, orig. 429.95 ........... $ 2 5 9 
I 
M agnavox Med. console, orig. 449.95 ........... $ 2 6 8 
I M agnavox blanket chest console, orig. 469.95 . $ 3 6 8 
I M agnavox Early Am. cons., orig. 429.95 ..... $ 2 5 9 

 save 133.95! Amana Radarange 

* 5 9 6 
M m W V 
Reg. 4 2 9 .9 5 

Deluxe model with 675 watts of cooking power and defrost cycle. IO only. 

81.95 off! Sanyo stereos 

^ 
1 
6 
8 
Reg. 249.95 

IO only, Sanyo stereos with built-in 8-Tr. 
Recorder, AM/FM, turntable. 

FURNITURE 
Thomasville prov. chest, reg. $359 .................... $ 2 9 9 
Broyhill sofa table, dk. walnut, reg. $158 .......... $ 1 1 8 
Bernhardt bookcase w/o glass, reg. $399 .......... $ 2 8 9 
W rought iron 3-pc. group, reg. $119 .................. $89 
Sumter pecan double dresser, reg. $169 ............ $ 1 1 9 
White patio dining table, 6 chairs, reg. $ 1 9 9 ...... $ 1 2 9 
Chromcraft end table, w /o glass, reg. $69 .......... $29 
Bernhardt lamp tables, reg. $ 1 1 9 ........................ $69 
Brookwood beige and brown chair, reg. $169 .... $ 1 3 9 
Brookwood trad, floral sofa, reg. $399 ....,........ $ 2 9 9 

 save $46! wrought iron patio set 
*139 
O rig. $ 1 8 5 

5-pc. wrought iron patio set, table, and four chairs to perk-up your patio. 

Horizon maple cocktail table, reg. $3oo ............ $ 1 9 9 
Bernhardt triple dresser, reg. 289.88 ................. $ 1 9 9 
Thomasville Italian prov. china, orig. $479 ......... $ 3 5 9 
Thomasville Med. china, walnut, reg. $499 ......... $ 3 9 9 
Thomasville Queen Anne secretary, reg. $399 ..... $ 3 4 9 
Kling pine bookcase, reg. $249 ......................... $ 1 7 9 
Bernhardt Prov. curio, reg. $379 ....................... $ 2 7 9 
Thomasville curio walnut finish, reg. $249 .......... $ 1 4 9 
Sumter fruitwood-finish chest, reg. $349 ............ $ 2 9 9 
Sumter pecan-finish china, reg. $499 ................. $ 3 6 9 
Thomasville Prov. china base, reg.$339 .............. $ 2 7 9 
Southern oak bookcase, orig. 169.95 ................. $ 1 2 9 
American of Martinsville curio, orig. 329.95 ....... $ 2 3 9 
Kling walnut chest on chest, reg. $394.5o ....... $ 3 1 9 
American of Martinsville curio, reg. 199.88 ........ $ 1 5 9 
Jasper gun cabinet, reg. $279 .......................... $ 1 9 9 
Dixie French Prov. commode, orig. 89.88 .......... 69.88 
W hite patio table and 2 chairs, orig. $79 ......... $49 
White patio love seat, orig. $59 ................... $49 
Brookwood floral love seat, orig. $399 .............. $ 3 o 9 
Broyhill rust sofa, orig. $449 .......................... $ 3 4 9 
Simmons plaid sleeper, orig. $399 ..................... $ 3 o 9 
Broyhill velvet high back chair, orig. $2o9 ......... $ 1 4 9 
Horizon striped sofa w /wicker, orig. $1ooo ....... $ 5 o o 
Broyhill striped chair, orig. $239 .......... 
$ 1 5 9 
Brookwood Early Am. gold chair, orig. $199 ...... $ 1 4 9 
M arim ont contemporary chair, orig. $249 ......... $ 1 8 9 
Brookwood plaid chair, orig. $239 .................... $ 1 8 9 

MOO off! gun cabinet 
*199 
O rig. $ 2 9 9 

Buy this oak gun cabinet and save $1oo. 

Brookwood plaid sleeper, orig. $ 3 9 9 ....... 
$ 3 4 9 
Brookwood floral sofa, orig. $279 ............ 
$ 2 4 9 
Brookwood green floral chair, orig. 149.88 ....... $ 1 o 9 
Horizon black and white chair, orig. $119 ........... $ 6 9 
Marim ont green velvet chair, orig. $229 ............ $ 1 8 9 
Simmons gray and gold sleeper, orig. $579 ....... $ 4 4 9 
Brookwood brown vinyl chair, orig. $219 .......... $ 1 8 9 

 save MSO! recliner 
*119 

COMPONENT STEREOS 
3 Juliette stereos w/cassette, orig. 279.95 ......... $ 1 6 8 
2 Electrophonic comp, stereos, orig. 279.95 ......... $ 9 8 
I Electrophonic compl. stereo, orig. 169.95 ......... $68 
5 Panasonic stereos w/8-Tr., orig. 199.95 ......... $ 1 6 8 
I M X 58 watt R M S, recv., as is, orig. 479.95 .... $ 1 6 8 
I M arantz 3o watt R M S recv., orig. 399.95 ...... $ 2 4 8 
IO Sanyo stereos w/8-Tr., reg. 249.95 ............. $ 1 6 8 

O rig. $ 2 4 9 

La-Z-Boy recliner in green velvet at com­ fortable savings! 

Horizon tan and white chair, orig. $132 .............. $ 6 9 
Broyhill rust and brown chair, orig. $219 ............. $ 1 7 9 
Brookwood swivel rocker, orig. 199.99 .............. $ 1 4 9 
Broyhill green tweed chair, orig. 149.88 ............ $ 1 1 9 
Brookwood trad, sofa, yellow, orig. $469 .......... $ 3 8 9 
Marim ont green and black sleeper, orig. $699 .... $ 4 4 9 
Marim ont rust and black chair, orig. $259 ......... $ 1 1 9 
Marim ont rust and black ottoman, orig. $ 9 9 ........ $ 4 9 
Marim ont green and blue sofa, orig. $5o9 ......... $ 4 9 9 
Marim ont gold wing back chair, orig. $249 ....... $ 1 5 9 
Marim ont corduroy chair, orig. $259 ............... $ 1 4 9 
Brookwood tan and black love seat, orig. $249 ... $ 1 9 9 
Jamison tan queen sleeper, orig. 419.88 ..... 
$ 3 4 9 
Marim ont green and gold sofa, orig. $5o9 ........ $ 3 9 9 
Jamison floral sleeper, orig. $ 4 9 9 ...................... $ 3 9 9 
La-Z-Boy gold recliner, orig. $249 .................... $ 1 9 9 
Brookwood green striped chair, orig. 159.88 ...... $ 1 o 9 
Marim ont rose pattern sofa, orig. $529 ............. $ 4 o 9 
Brookwood tan contemp, sofa, orig. $729 ......... $ 4 9 9 
Horizon contemporary chair, orig. $254 ............ $ 1 4 9 
Brookwood black and white chair, orig. $239 ..... $ 1 4 9 
Brookwood pin striped chair, orig. $249 ............ $ 1 8 9 
Brookwood Early Am. plaid chair, orig. $239 ..... $ 1 8 9 
Brookwood rust Early Am. chair, orig. $239 ...... $ 1 8 9 
Broyhill orange and gold love seat, orig. $269 .... $ 199 
Thomasville French triple dresser, orig. $168 ....... $ 1 2 8 

 save! discontinued bedding 

* 3 9rn 
Twin, ea. pc. 

Full .ea. pc. $49 
Queen ...... $119 set 
King.................................. $159 set 
Discontinued, mis-matched sets from Sim­ mons, King Koil, Thera Pedic. 

HOUSEWARES 
14 Jeanette 9-pc. ice tea sets, orig. $1o ............ 6 .9 9 
17 7-pc. porcelainicookware, orig. 29.99 .......... 19.99 
IO 45-pc. dinnerware sets, orig. 49.99 .............. 3 4 .8 8 
22 Stainless sugar creamer sets, orig. $5 ............ 2.49 
26 Stainless butter dishes, orig. $ 5 ..................... 2.49 
2o Stainless bread trays, orig. $4 
................. 1.99 
2o Stainless divided veg. dish, orig. $5 ............... 2.49 
24 Melita 6 -cup coffeemakers, orig. 8 . 9 9 .... 
5.99 
9 12+1 fountain sets, orig. 11.99 .................... 5.99 
4 glass 11-pc. salad sets, orig. $11 .................... 5.99 
7-pc. dessert set, orig. 7 . 5 o ......... 
3.99 
48 3 1/? qt. crock pots, orig. 16.99 ...................... 8 .8 8 
2o Clairol make-up mirrors, orig. 15.95 ............ 1o.95 
7 M irro whiz grids, orig. 39.99 ........................ 19.99 
24 G E hand mixers, orig. 16.99 ....................... 11.99 
24 Mr. Coffee 1o-cup coffeemakers, orig. 34.99 
2 7 .88 
6 Presto fry pans, orig. 22.99 .......................... 15.99 
15 W ashing machine dispensers, orig. 24.99 ..... 15.99 
36 Proctor-Silex irons, orig. 11.99 ..................... 7.77 
12 Clairol "Set-To-G o” hairsetters, orig. 13.95 .... 9.95 
12 Mr. Coffee 12-cup coffeemakers, orig. 39.99 
2 8 .8 8 
1o Farberware broiler/rotiss., orig. 54.99 ........ 3 9 .9 9 

LINENS 

 save MO to *45! bedspreads 

1 4 9 9 
I 
« dr dr 
Tw in, reg. $ 2 5 -4 4 

$3o-52 Full 
......................... 19.99 
$35-62 Queen ........................ 24.99 
$4o-75 King ........................... 29.99 
35o pcs. only, quilted bedspreads, discon­ tinued first and irregulars, top quality buy now and save 25-65%! 

 save 37% to 41%! Dacron pillows 
2 

6 mm 
$4 Std.................2 / $ 5 
* 
$6 Queen ...........2 / $ 7 

 f°r 
$8 king .............. 2 /$ 9 
Dacron® blue label polyester 

M5 to *25 off! satin comforters 
I O OO 
Tw in, full 
M d r if pert. $ 3 5 -4 o 

Queen/King, if perf. $5o ........... 24.99 
21o only, if perfect, polyester filled. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 3o 1977 
Nuclear material escort proposed 

NEW YOUK TIMES SERVICE 

SALZBURG, Austria — 
An American expert on nuclear policies called 
Friday for the creation of an international escort service for uranium and other sensitive materials to prevent diversion or hijacking. 
The expert, Paul Le- venthal, referred to the reported disappearance of 2oo tons of uranium ore w hile it was being shipped from Belgium to1 
Italy in a West German vessel eight years ago. 
The cargo is believed to have reached Israel. 
Leventhal, a former counsel to the U.S. Sen­ ate Government Opera­ tions C om m ittee, ad­ dressed a Conference for a Non-Nuclear Future that began here Friday. 
Counterbalance 

The gathering, attend­ ed by alm ost IOO scien­ tists, environmentalists and antinuclear activists from 21 countries, is meant to counterbalance a large two-week confer­ ence sponsored by the 
International 
Atomic 
Energy Agency, a United 
Nations body, that will start in Salzburg Mon­ day 

Discussing the uranium shipment that vanished in 1968, Leventhal said intelligence services o f several nations had investigated the case, but eventually closed their files 
"without positively locating the hi­ jacked uranium/' 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 3o 1977 

Leading officials of the 
United Nations agency, which has headquarters in Vienna, and top ex­ perts from the United 
States, the Soviet Union and other m em ber countries will be here for the forthcoming Interna­ tional Conference on Nu­ clear Power and its Fuel 
Cycle. 
D iscussing the uran­ ium shipment that van­ ished in 1968, Leventhal said intelligence services of several nations had in­ vestigated the case, but eventually closed their files “without positively locating the hijacked ur­ anium.” 
In an interview the 
American expert said he had received “ primary information” on the 19«R uranium incident from a source outside the United 
States. He noted that 
Euratom , the nuclear agency of the European 

 community, had been re­ sponsible for the uran­ ium shipment, but that effective controls had apparently been lacking. 
Collusion 
Leventhal said he had no evidence pointing to possible collusion among 
Belgium, Italy and Israel or two of the three in the 
1968 uranium theft. He suggested the Brussels headquarters of Euratom must possess more facts. 
The American expert also declared it was less im portant to which country the uranium ore went in 1968 than to make sure diversions could not recur today since proce­ dures for shipping uran­ ium have not changed since 1968 and advanced technologies would make it possible soon — or had made it possible already 
—■ to extract weapons grade plutonium from 

 relatively small amounts of uranium in clandestine 
“ garage reprocessing” operations. 
A European expert who wanted to remain anony­ mous asserted here that the 2oo tons of uranium ore, presumably from the 
Congo, in the 1968 inci­ dent had been “sold and bought on the high seas three tim es.” 
In F riday’s address, 
Leventhal urged that the; 
7o inspectors of the Vien- j na agency, who were su- J pervising the safeguards system, be better trained and “less subject to inti­ m idation by host cou n tries” than at present. 
The effectiveness of the 
United Nations agency’s safeguards system will be discussed during the forthcom ing Salzburg conference. 
Elvis’ pact may be sold 
NASHVILLE, Tenn 
(AP) — After 22 years, 
FJvis P resley and his manager reportedly are splitting up. 
Friday’s 
N ashville 
Banner quoted sources saying Col. Tom Parker has offered to sell his contract with Presley. 

COUNTERTOP 
MICROWAVE OVEN 

GE’s JET86T, with its beautifully sculptured full black front features two power levels. HIGH is used for most fo o d s... 

LoW/DEFRoST is used for defrosting frozen foods and for cooking less tender cuts of meat and delicate foods cooked best at lower power. Microwave cooking is so fast that GE s JET86T also features a special two-speed timer for easy and 

 accurate settings to increments of 15 seconds. The JET86T has a large 1.3 cu. ft. interior that lets you cook family-size 

 meals as well as individual servings. 
_ 

SU G G . $ 
LIST 
ME 
E SEI 

. u l - 
" V X Z ''-”*". 
OUM’ * ’ 
.. , 
. ( E'-St 

CENTRAL p a r k 
341-3395 

26oo WEST AVE 
733-9138 

, £ s ; 3 ~ - 
LAST DAY p e o p l e u rn ? fiEALiVXM H V 

LO VE/TAX.. 
END OF MONTH 

This Is Just A Partial Listing Of The Many Bargains You’ll Find 

DAILY 1oAM TO 9 PM... 
SUNDAY 1 TG 6 PM BROWSING 

Here are three good reasons w hy you should hurry to Levitz now: this 82" sofa, 38" loveseat and matching chair are all at one low price! They’re made for active living in durable stain 
& soil resistant Herculon® olefin, with extra-sturdy arms, super-thick cushions, no-sag"® spring construction. 

N & s TS*?! 
I aft sr 
II * v 

Save $21 to $1o2 On Chairs & Recliners! 
Save s63 to *345 On Quality Bedrooms! 
Eave $28 to s65 On Mattress Sets! 
Save $56 to $433 On Dining Rooms! 
Save $18 to $76 On Smart Dinettes! 
Save $15 to s48 On Famous Brand Tables! 

H L 2 J - r a h 
1' ‘ * 
H rT : r J ■ {Pi 

REG. $497 

Parquet Design 5-Pc. 
Bassett Dining Set! 

DON’T MISS THIS EVENT! 

Take advantage of the incredible savings on Famous 
Brand Furniture for every room of your home during our One Day Warehouse Sale! But be there early for best selection ... some one and few-of-a-kind items ... floor samples ... discontinued styles ... all priced fan­ tastically low for savings!!! All items are subject to prior sale ... so hurry for savings. 

JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... AND YOU'LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

543o GREAT FARE RO AD 
Loop (41o) and 1-35 at Rittiman Rd. Exit 
San Antonio, Texas 
(512) 661 5331 

PRICES GOOD THROUGH APRIL 3o 

AU merchandise is priced for pickup at our dock in the original factory container Or, if you wish, we'U deliver for an additional charge 

KEEP-YOUR COOL 

If you have a problem your local store manager doesn’t solve, 

Call Miami, Fla. Headquarters 
Toll Free 1-8oo-327-7645 

•corr* ic ht itn uvirr. rutNiruat coaaoaarioM 

Page 
Io-A 
April 3o I 977 

T H E SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

W illiam J. R eddell 

E d ito r o f E d ito ria l P a g e 

C harles O . Kilpatrick 

E d ito r a n d Pub lisher 

G eorge Carmack 
Associate Editor 

Pone I. Burt 

M a n a g in g E d ito r 

Gas storage bill 

 would aid consum er 

If Sen. Bill Moore of Bryan doesn’t understand it, some others may need further ex­ planation, too. 

Moore led the charge to turn back legislation to allow Lo-Va- ca Gathering Co., and any others sim ilarly situated, to acquire underground space in which to store natural gas. 

Lo-Vaca serves Moore’s arca, as it does most of a wide South 
Texas gas-using region. Moore told the Senate this week that he w ouldn’t do anything to help 
Lo-Vaca. 

His constituents should see whether he will do something to help them. 

Gas storage, which Lo-Vaca lacks, would allow the company to buy gas at the most-advanta­ geous times and store it for use during critical times. Storage would also make less likely cur­ tailment to the users. Storage would allow' better use of take- or-pay provisions in contracts, which use would give customers the best price available. Storage gives flexibility in the market that lack of storage prevents. 

The other point that Sen. 
Moore overlooks is that Lo-Vaca is about to be cast adrift from the Coastal States Gas Corp. 
Under settlem ent term s that appear likely to be adopted, that company will be merged with other Coastal States companies into what is now being called 
New Company, and that com ­ pany will serve Sen. Moore’s constituents. 

Storage will give those con­ stituents the best break possi­ ble. Lack of storage will pena­ lize them in terms of both price and availability of gas with more threat of curtailment. 

The legislation would allow condemnation of space (aban­ doned oil fields) with appro­ priate payment for the rights. 
The legislation protects the sur­ face rights of owners and even allows for drilling above or be­ low the storage space. 

It further requires Lo-Vaca to purchase by negotiation at least 
(IO per cent of a site before con­ demnation could be used. 

Well-to-user gas supply is too inflexible for consumers’ good. 

It’s a good country that lets 
Mxon tell his side o f story 

We doubt that Richard Nixon is naive enough to believe he will have the last word on Wa­ tergate. 

Nixon should tell his side of the story, even though he should know that it will be subject to evaluation of others. Among those others, it was announced this week, will be the Watergate 
Special 
Prosecutor 
Leon 
Jaworski. 

Jaworski said he “ absolutely will” challenge the former pre­ sident if Nixon fails to come to grips factually with his role in 
Watergate. 

It is probable that there are no surprises left in the telling of an event unique in American history — the forced resignation of a president. It is probable 

 that interviewer David Frost will be more successful than the 
House Committee on the Judi­ ciary or the Watergate Special 
Prosecutor in getting Nixon to concede what the tapes told 
Jaworski and, eventually, the committee. 
We feel good about the country, however, because Nix­ on can have national television to tell his story. We can recall the era of the 195os when per­ sons unfairly attacked as being 
Communists couldn’t get a hearing — fair or otherwise. 
And Nixon is getting paid rather well for privilege. 
We also feel good about the level of accountability 
W atergate forced upon a go­ vernm ent, in several areas, which had become careless about.that essential function. 

Let free enterprise try 

On-again, off-again planning for a new hotel in San Antonio is* disconcerting. 

City Council has offered gen­ erous help in several forms on’ the strong suggestion that in­ vestors were ready to build. It may well be time to let free en­ terprise have its head — with its own money and on its own land 
— like other hotels that have been built here. 
The business potential for 

 hotel service can be evaluated through the Convention Bur­ eau ’s bookings and recent trends in tourism and conven­ tion business. The 1973 econo­ mic studies in the 
River 
Corridor study can form the base from which up-dated studies can be made. 

The city has done its share with the continuing help being limited to encouragement to in­ vestors ready to talk business. 

The Presidents tt'aht, we must allroake 
SsariPiQeS using fuel. 

O 

Double dippers 

Sir: As yet, no one with service during our recent wars and police actions overseas and as a civil service board official has explained the effects of “double-dipping.” 

At present there are more than 
15o,ooo military retirees who used veteran preference plus 5 or IO extra percentage points added to their civil service exams to obtain civil service jobs and re-enter government service, receiving full pay and fringe benefits on their new jobs while also receiving tax-paid pensions, medical and dental care, discount foods, clothing, mer­ chandise, and other tax-paid life time benefits for themselves and their de­ pendents. Their cost-of-living benefits apply to pensions and job salaries. All other retirees re-entering government service have their pensions, etc., de­ ducted from the pay, etc., of their new jobs. 

As of April I. 1977, the average U.S. officer retiree’s pension is $16,139 a' year and his tax-paid benefits increase that by from IO per cent to 2o per cent, all for just 2o years service. Enlisted personnel average approximately- 
$6,ooo a year with added tax-paid benefits, th e records indicate few' of the 1,o96,184 retirees as of June 3o, 
1976, are career combat personnel. 

Double-dippers often arrange sever­ al months in advance of their retire­ ment to keep their old military jobs open for six months after retirement, at which point it is converted to civi­ lian type, and they re-enter govern­ ment service by selection of an old buddy still on active duty or by a double-dipping friend who does the interviewing and selecting. There are numerous ways to contravent the merit system, too many for this space. 

Many internal civil service promo­ tion plans provide extra credit for any type of military service and some use the actual years, etc. Career civil service employes with 15 to 25 years service and outstanding performance records are unable to advance because of double-dipper selection by the 
“ buddy” or similar systems, in re- ductions-in-forcc, double-dippers are the “ untouchables” while others with 
25 or 3o years service are fired. 

Thousands of double-dippers have used their military service credit to qualify for civil service retirement to obtain higher pensions from the Civil 
Service Retirement System without reimbursing the CSRS for all service as regular career civil service person­ nel are required to from their pay. By giving up a lower pension for a higher one, the double-dipper retires as a civilian employe yet retains military retiree benefits plus civil service re­ tiree benefits. Thousands go lo work for states, counties and municipal governments, also tax-paid, and Tex­ as, California and Florida lead the nation is double-, triple- and even quadruple-dippers from tax-paid funds. 

Unless Congress gets a grip on the 
“dipping” and related abuses along with the pension proliferation, greedy pensioners among military retirees will help cause a taxpayer revolt or 
“dip” taxpayers into bankruptcy. 

Letters 
TO THE EDITOR 

 ta rta r* to *4»I* n o w ifto p a r should b o abort arid th o y m u tt b o u g n o d . Initial* only will b o usod a t w rite r'* ro q tto tt. Corrupt addr#** a n d tele p h o n e n u m b er for iden tificatio n of to tter* a re n e e d e d . L etter* will ho e d ite d fo r len g th , g o o d ta* t* a n d lo goi m otion*. 
Addn***: Letter* to th e e d ito r, P.O . t o e 2 1 7 1 . Son 
A ntonio, TX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

W riter clarifies his sentence 

Dear Sir: In retrospect it seems necessary to clarify a sentence in my letter (Glad opinion on sex not shared) in which reference was made to priests and nuns. The key word in the sentence is “ honestly” and could be disregard­ ed by some. Nuns and priests were referred to because they arc probably the only professionals whose vocation requires abstinence from sex. 
My letter should also have stated that those who feel it necessary to tell people of their moral purity don’t have the basic human qualities to be accepted as workers in the programs involving priests and nuns. These dedicated people, also Salvation Army people, get personally involved in salvaging those residents of all our cities who have been discarded and shunned by our society. How many of us, including those self-proclaimed morally pure, have compassion for an unknown down-and-outer? 
Hopefully, those who feel compelled to write letters of righteous wrath about my previous letter will be mol­ lified by this one. 
W . McCracken 

Berry's 
World 

Lawrence Davis 
‘CTnou, Harold* having to drive a small car won t be all 
THAT bad!’ 
Sailors want old clothes back 

WASHINGTON 
It has to be one of the great ironies in the social history of the United 
States. 
Back in 1971, when bellbottoni trousers were the sartorieal rage am ong civilians and dungarees represented the national youth uni­ form, the Navy abandoned both. 
Now, after six unhappy years with a shoddy coat-and-tie combination that former Chief of Naval Opera­ tions Elmo R. Zumwalt selected to replace the 2oo-year-old traditional sailor suit, the enlisted rank and file of the Navy have voted overwhelm­ ingly to turn back the clock. 
Testimony 

Adm. J. L. Holloway III, Zumwalt's successor, has testified personally to the depth of the sailors' feelings on this issue and has committed the 
Navy in principle to bring back 
“bells,” as the old uniform is known on the lower decks. 
This decision, which has increased 

Holloway’s already strong popularity with his enlisted men, Is at least in part a proof of the power of the press. 

Back last summer, aware of the smoldering issue, Navy Times, the independent weekly widely read among sailors and Marines, decided to run a poll on old-style sailor suits vs. 
Zumwalt-model coat-and-tie 
“ square rigs.” 
Surprise 
Navy Times has now disclosed — somewhat even to its o w t i surprise — that at least 8o,ooo sailors out of a 
524,ooo-man Navy want the sailor suit back. 
Both that response and the verdict were overwhelming: 87 per cent of those jmlled favored the traditional rig. Entire ships’ companies sent in bundled-up unanimous votes. 
While the Navy Times landslide — which at its height swamped com­ puters called in to handle the votes — was unanswerable, the Navy likewise undertook a parallel poll using 

Col. 
Robert I). 
Bein! Jr. 

 scientific opinion-sampling tech­ niques. 
The results of the official survey ran within one pereentage-point of the Navy Times findings. 
The underlying issues of the sai- lor-suit controversy present a bland of subjective feelings on both sides and hardheaded questions of cost and utilitarianism. 
Zumwalt said the old rig was “de­ meaning” and that it was offensive to sailors “to dress like children.” 
On the other hand, the Navy Times results indicate that sailors want to look like sailors and the girls, sweethearts and wives alike agree. 
There was and is no argument as lo relative cost. In 1971 dollars, when 

 the decision was made, the oldtime uniform cost an enlisted man $21.5o; the new model costed out at $1o8. The fancy new cap, with removable covers, exceeded $1o; the little old white hat was 75 cents. 
The new square rig proved to be hotter and more constricting than bellbottoms and jumpers and took up excessive added space aboard al­ ready overcrowded ships. 
Its white shirts (unlike a white jumper) couldn’t be laundered in a bucket, while the costly cap — many of which got blown overboard the first day at sea — wilted in the first rain-squall. 
By contrast, you could wash the old white hat in a bucket of sea water. 

Advantage 
One little known advantage of the old sailor suit — which today’s Na­ vy men fondly rem em ber as they struggle with the new model — is that it didn’t have to be pressed. 
If folded correctly, both trousers and juniper were designed to be 

 rolled into compact bundles, thrown into the bottom of a seabag and worn for inspection a year, a hemisphere, or another cruise away. 
In contrast, the Zumwalt model requires dry cleaning and pressing for every wear. can’t be rolled into anything but a ball. won’t stow in a seabag and requires steam-irons and ironing boards iii every com part­ ment. 
Communists 

If. as bas been maintained by all parties, the cosmetic notion of image is and was central to the decision, it is interesting to see the approach ta­ ken on the same question by the only image-makers with higher horse­ power than Madison Avenue, the 
Communists. 
In the Soviet Navy, which now has the world’s richest, best and most ships, the sailors wear short haircuts, dress jumpers, bellbottoms and old- time Navy “ flat hats.” 
And the Russian girls ashore just lap it up. 

A greem ent with writer Heard 

Sir: I am happy to learn that C.C. 
Heard and I have hit upon a common ground of agreement (Letters, April 
27>. And there is more. 

I, too, do not want the Panama Canal given away, after the money and lives we poured into its creation. 
Also credit goes to us through the marvelous work of Col. Geo. W. 
Goethals that made that yellow fever infested land liveable. 
Mr. Heard and I share an apprecia­ tion of the columns of Steve Dunleavy, who is tucked in the back of that otherwise gossip publication, “ The 
Star,” He is an excellent writer. I wonder how many miss his articles 
{since not everyone thrives on the pre­ dominating contents of that magazine. 

Of course I especially approved of his columns of April 17 and 24. Stran­ gely I had mailed my letter on the persecution of Richard Nixon to the 
Express in April then read the Dun­ leavy viewpoint on the same subject two days later. His explanations for the attempted bugging of Watergate and 
McGovern’s friendliness toward Cas­ tro are worthy of a front page. 

I ain not alone in thinking that 
Dunleavy’s articles are misplaced. He deserves a more fitting setting in Sun­ day’s Express-News. 
I, too, like Ronald Reagan, as does 
Mr. Heard, bul I believe that the fact that President Carter is a nuclear physicist gives him knowledge that may serve us well, as we deal with the 
Russians in the coming years. I like 
Jimmy Carter’s dedication lo what he believes is right. No one man has all the answers. 
Beulah P. Sherrill 

Nuclear debate separates friends 

WASHINGTON - In the first historic chapter of the atomic age — from Hiroshima at the end of World War II through the worst part of the Cold War — nuclear power divided the Unit­ ed States from its enemies and adversaries, but now it seems to be dividing us as well from our friends. 
We seem to be at odds with many nations that are fundamental to our hope of creating a more stable world order in the last quarter of the century, and precisely over the dilemma of how­ to develop nuclear power for peaceful purposes and at the same time restrain its development as an instrument of war. 
These nations include, among others. West Germany, France, and to a lesser extent Britain in Western 
Europe; Yugoslavia at a critical point in its transition in Eastern Europe; 
Israel and Iran in the Middle East; 
China in East Asia; India and Pakistan in South Asia, and Brazil in Latin 
America. 
Not at issue 
This week’s news out of Washington and Bonn illustrates what is and what is not at issue. 
What is not at issue is the need to develop nuclear power as one impor­ tant substitute for the high-priced and dwindling resources of oil and gas, w hose reserves lie mainly in one of the most unstable and unpredictable poli­ tical areas of the world. 
What is at issue is how this is to be done. 
The Carter administration has of­ fered to cooperate with other nations in the development of nuclear power that 
•cannot easily be diverted into the pro­ duction of nuclear weapons. 
It wants stiff international agree­ ments to avoid the spread of such weapons and has asked Congress for authority to impose hard penalties on nations that violate agreements for the control of nuclear arms. 
Other problems 
President Carter has other prob­ lems. 
His decision to hold up work on this country’s own fasl-breeder nuclear reactors — the most productive but dangerous type — has also provoked the opposition of this country’s major nuclear technology producers. 
For example, Robert E. Kirby, chairman of Westinghouse Electric 
Corp., which has designed the nation’s first large-scale indust rial fast breeder plant in Tennessee, told his share­ holders this week that in his opinion it was “most unwise” for Carter to opt out of the breeder reactor race since, he said, breeder reactors promise en­ ergy resources equal to at least three times those represented by all Middle 
East oil reserves. 
At the same time, the United States is being accused by Brazil and other developing countries of wanting to hold nuclear weapons itself and deny them lo others; to rely on slow nuclear reactors, but to deny fast nuclear breeders to other nations that are try­ ing to catch up to the modern world. 
Brazil not alone 
And Brazil is not alone. China will not sign the treaty forbidding the spread or prior use of nuclear wea­ pons, and neither will Israel. 
Sometimes in the life of a nation, they say, they must be free to use any weapon at their command, and they add, when the argument is pushed to the extremity, that the United States ought to understand this after Hiro­ shima. 
This is a hard but rather unfair pro­ position to put to Carter. 
Ile is not trying to stop the develop­ ment of nuclear industrial power; he is trying to gel control of the military arms race. 
Ile is not really opting out of the competition with Germany, France, 
Britain and others for the “major fu­ ture industry” of fasl-breeder reac­ tors. 
Too dangerous 
He is merely saying that this race is' too dangerous without much more stringent controls and trying lo set an example of self-denying restraint which he hopes the other major nu­ clear powers will eventually follow. 
So far. there is no evidence that they will, though Chancellor Schmidt indi­ cated that if all others would agree, he would, too. 
This could be a useful discussion at next week’s summit meeting of the leaders of the industrial world in Lon­ don. 
The pronouncements on atomic po­ licy of the past few days and weeks sound ominous, but fortunately, there is a long lag between pronouncements and production. 
Three years 
It will be at least three years before the first elem ents of the German fast-breeder technology can be put in place in Brazil, and between eight and lh years before the whole system will be in production. 
By that time, Chancellor Schmidt, 
President Giseard d ’Estaing of 
France, and even Jimmy Carter will ' probably all be gone from office; and then they may be judged, not by whether they won the reactor race but by whether they brought the nuclear arms race under control. 

Cool9 calm Lila blazed her own trail to success 

As cool, calm and collected as the deodorant commercial pro­ m ises, Lila Cockrell was ready to blaze a trail into the mayor’s office years before she did. 
“ In the late 196o's, I certainly would have entertained the thought of being m ayor,’’ says Mrs. Cockrell from her spacious City Hall office. 
“ But, I didn’t think it would be pos­ sible for a w om an.” 
Between the late 196o's and 1975, however, winds shifted and attitudes changed. Women across the country were slowly getting themselves elected to judgeships, to m ayor’s offices. 
“ It encouraged m e that it was not an im p o s s ib le d r e a m for m e to be m ay o r,” explains the 55-year-old wo­ man, who just em erged from a turbu­ lent re-election ca m p a ig n with the sweet taste of victory. 
Unlikely 

At first glance the middle-aged wo­ man is an unlikely candidate for trail blazer. 
She looks too proper — dressed in her tasteful m a tr o n ’s clothes. But, you’ll notice she doesn’t wear m any pastels. H er tastes in colors run stronger. And, it doesn’t take long to sense the other stren g th s in her. Lila 
C ockrell knows w h at s h e ’s doing. 
W'hen she began her 1975 term in office. San Antonio was the largest U.S. city ever lo elect a w om an m ayor. It still is. 

 cloud her face. She can handle indivi­ duals the same way. 
She’s cooperative about information. 
She tries to give w hat’s requested. But, by no means is the m ayor long-winded. 
She’s not one for elaborating. 
At times there seem s to be a shyness in her brown eyes, in her laugh. It’s not som ething you expect in a person of power. 
“ Som etim es people th in k I’m too distant, reserved and that bothers me. 
I'm not that way . . . I don’t feel I hold back,” the mayor says leaning quietly on her half-circle desk. 
She says her com posure is probably 

The main thing is not to take things personally 
. . . I want to try to maintain my relation­ ship with a person even if we disagree on an issue 
During that first term , Mrs. 
Cockrell acquired a re p u ta ­ tion for deciphering m u m b o ju m b o al­ most instantaneously. 
O ther stories circu lated about her w eren ’t as flattering. They said she was too com posed, too much like a program m ed computer. 
Cool 
She is cool. She politely handles the crow ds and row dies at City Council m eetings without letting an emotion 

 part of her personality. But, she also tries consciously not to over-react. 

“ The main thing is not to take things personally . . . I want to try to maintain my relationship with a person even if we disagree on an issue. 

“ Also, I g u es s i f s s o m e th in g I learned from debate,” she continues. 
“ There are always at least two very 
Bus riders get a break 

San Antonio Transit System trustees gave the go-ahead Friday to two pilot program s for bus riders. 
One will be aim ed at handicapped people — the other at governm ent employes. 
The handicapped program will iden­ tify where riders with mobility im ­ p airm en ts are located. From this, potential routes will'be developed. 
The government employe program is designed to determ ine if those working 

 in the federal courthouse and at City 
Water Board, which is nearby, will use an express bus. 
It will run betw een W onderland 
Shopping City and the governm ent complex, starting in mid-May. 
Trustees also heard a report from 
Tom Fuller, general m anager, that riders increased 3 per cent last month over the sam e month a y ear ago. 
F uller also advised revenues are running $99,ooo ahead of projections. 
GROUCHO 

 that his y ounger b ro th e r, H e rb e rt, nicknamed Gummo, died last week at 
84. 
“ He doesn't know that,” Perrin said of Gum m o’s death. As for the court case between Miss Flem ing and Grou- cho’s son, A rthur, “ I never mention that. I com e here as a friend. I ’ve never mentioned a single word to him about the case.” 
A rthur Marx argued ag ain st M iss 
Fleming being named perm anent con­ servator. 
The judge who handled the ca se , 
Santa Monica Superior Court Ju d g e 
Edward Rafeedie, cam e up to see. 
Groucho the night before he appointed 
P e r rin as te m p o r a r y c o n s e r v a to r , 
Perrin said. 
“ I don’t know how much got through to Groucho,” he said. 
Miss Fleming, a 37-year-old actress who a tta c h e d h e r s e lf to the a g in g 

 comedian seven years ago, still visits 
Groucho regularly. Groucho is used to her and doesn’t seem em barrassed when she’s around, he said. 
“ I’m very indebted to h im ,” said 
Perrin, who worked as a gag writer for 
Groucho. “ He’s been a big influence on my life, he gave m e m y first profes­ sional job and b ro u g h t m e to Hol­ lywood. He’s made m y present kind of life possible. He’s not any burden.” 
As lo allegations that Miss Fleming tormented Groucho and was responsi­ ble for the illegal a d m in istra tio n of powerful tranquilizers, P errin said, “ I haven’t the slightest idea what the hell w as going on about t h a t . ” His only concern is that Groucho sees his old friends, who may not have felt wel­ come before. 
“The judge told me to use my judg­ ment and not to be afraid to get tough with anybody. I want these people to know th e y ’re in v ite d n o w .” 
TAX CUT 

Continued from Page IA a f te rw a rd . P a s s a g e by the H ouse would make it the first part of C arter’s econom ic stim u lu s package to clear 
Congress. 
Still awaiting action are a separate 
$4.1 billion public service jobs bill and a revenue-sharing m easure. 
The m ajor difference in the Senate version of the tax bill is it contains no provision for the 
$5o-per-person rebate that Carter originally asked as the centerpiece of his plan to pump up the economy. 
After the House passed the bill con­ taining the rebates, Carter changed his m ind, saying the econom y had im ­ proved so much that the $1o.4 billion wort Ii of rebates no longer w as needed. 
The Senate simply snipped out the re ­ bate clause and the House was expect­ ed to conform. 
June I cut 
Withholding rates would be cut June 
I to reflect the increases in the stan ­ dard deduction. 
Although the re b a te s are m issing from the Senate bill, it generally is agreed that the tax cuts costing $24 billion over two years will have some beneficial effect on the economy. 
In addition to the increased standard deduction for individuals, the bill ex­ te n d s th ro u g h 1978 th re e e x is tin g benefits: 
• A $35-per-person tax credit first approved in 1975. 
• The earned-income credit of up to 
$4oo for poor working families. 
• Reduced corporate tax rates. 
Business incentive 

T h e bill in c lu d e s in c re a s e d tux breaks to give business an incentive for hiring new workers and purchasing 

 new equipment in an effort to fight the recession. 
Also in the bill are a one-year delay in a 1976 law that virtually eliminates the tax-free status of sick pay; a $25o tax credit — subtracted directly from taxes owed — for persons who keep a dependent over 65 years of age in their home and a feature that would allow 
96 per cent of all taxpayers to compute their taxes by using new, simplified tax tables. 

Increases 

The bill didn t contain good news for everyone. An estim ated $1.7 million ta x p a y e rs — m ainly sin g le persons earning more than $13,75o a year — would face a tax increase averaging 
$5o b e c a u s e of the c h a n g e in the standard deduction. 
The governm ent began the public w o rk s jobs p r o g ra m la st y e a r by spending $2 billion on local projects, but it got $24 billion in applications from local governments. 
V irtually all of this y e a r 's money w ill be spent on existing applications. 
B ig c itie s c o m p la in e d that last y e a r ’s pro g ram set as id e too much money for areas that had no real un­ employment problem. As a result the new legislation distributes 65 per cent of the funds on the basis of the number of unemployed in each state. The other 
35 per cent is given to states which have had unemployment rates over 6.5 p er cent. In March, the national un­ employment rate was 7.3 per cent, but it varied sharply from state to stab1. 
Also added lo the bill was a prov ision that Carter cannot drop any water or dam projects unless he gets congres­ sional approval. 

 lo g ic al sid e s you can h av e on any issue.” 
Mayor Cockrell was learning about d eb a te by the tim e she was in high school. She was also learning about the to p ics of debate and p a rlia m e n ta ry procedure. 
“ I was always drawn to that sort of thing.” 
Throughout high school and college, sh e w as w orking with an d g e ttin g e le c te d to offices in p o litic a l and church oriented organizations. 
Serious interests for a young woman. 
But, she is careful to point out — lest you get the wrong idea — that she is not all work and no play. 
She won a number of trophies for her intram ural sports activities — “ I hit a m ean Ping-Pong ball. 
“ I liked the social life. I liked dates and p arties.” So did the girls she grew up with. 
But, they planned to focus on social life and civic work after college. She wanted something more. 
Career 
“ I rem em b er when I was ll years old, I was thinking about a career. I wanted to be a lawyer or a minister. At that tim e there were no women minis­ te rs ,” she says and then laughs. “ And there were few women law yers.” 
In college she was planning to be a 
YWCA director. That changed when sh e m a r r ie d 
Sid an d had two daughters. 
But, she still managed to carry on her political and church work. 
“ I saw myself first of all as a wo­ m an. I was very happily m a rrie d . I tried to be a good mother and I tried to see that my activities d id n 't disturb m y happy home. 
As it turned out, Mrs. Cockrell says her activities added a dimension to her home. 
“ lf a w om an has p o ten tial to do things and doesn’t do them . . . it's fru stratin g for her and it spills over into everything else.” 
Mrs. Cockrell used her potential as a wife-m other-worker combo. 
Nursery 
At one point she organizea a nursery co-op for League of Women Voters — so women with children could attend. 
T h e y ’d all bring their ch ild ren and m eet ut her home. 
“ W'e’d chip in a quarter to pay for the babysitter,” the m ayor says. 
She served twice as president of the 
L eague of Women Voters before she was first elected to the City Council in 
1963. 
Until this year’s race when she ran as an independent, she had always run on the Good Government League tick­ et. 
“ I was glad to be able to win as an independent,” she says. She also says th is y e a r ’s cam paign ag a in st b u sin­ essm an John Monfrey was her rough­ 

 est one yet. She dqpsn’t want to talk much about it. 
CBS-TV, the New York Tim es, the 
W7all S tre et Jo u rn al, the nation fol­ lowed her campaign. 
She said a Wall Street Jo u rn al re­ p o rte r w as a bit shocked w hen he called City Hall to find her and was told she was out grocery shopping. 
The m ayor was seemingly am used by the reporter’s reaction. “ Certainly I want to be mayor. But, I still want to be myself.” 
Why h as th is 55-year-old w om an been successful? 
She pauses. The brown eyes behind the owlish glasses aren’t revealing. “ I 

If a woman has poten­ tial to do things and doesn't do them . . . it's frustrating fo r her and it spills over into every­ thing else 

 don’t want to talk too much about it. 
The r e a s o n s a r e p e rso n a l. I have strong religious feelings.” 
She pauses again. “ If we are open and allow it, God uses us.” 
“ But, I ’m not trying to use religion,” she cautions. She doesn’t want her be­ liefs misunderstood. 
When 1979 rolls around will she run again? 
“ I think there are some people who live one term in office wondering about the next office. I, frankly, would rather do my job now.” 
D O N ’T let looks deceive you, Lila Cockrell is a blazer trail 

STAFF PHOTO BV H M DUAN JR 
PRISONER SWAP 

American constitutional standards, or that they were tortured or otherwise coerced into signing confessions by the 

Mexican police. 
The principal question, according to 
Joel Cora, the acting legal director for the A m erican Civil Liberties Union, is 
AQUIFER SUIT 

Continued from Page IA a r b itra ry , capricious, u n rea so n ab le and unconstitutional. 
The TWQB’s Supreme Court petition asked the court to rule on whether the a tto rn e y g e n e r a l is b ound by the constitution and state law to represent only state agencies. 
It also asked for a determination on whether Hill is prohibited from bring­ ing suit against the TWQB challenging the board’s orders. 
No date for a hearing on the TWQB petition has been set. 
However, a spokesman said extraor­ dinary applications such as this take precedent over all other m atter before 

 the court and a prompt hearing is ex­ pected. 
The TWQB is being represented by attorneys Jam es Wilson of Austin and 
Josiah Wheat of Woodville, as well as staff attorneys Nicholas Murphy and 
M argaret Currie. 
Hill, who was in M idland F rid a y , was unavailable for com m ent. How­ ever. a spokesm an in his office said the 
“ attorney general, as a m atter of po­ licy, rarely makes statem ents regard­ ing lawsuits.” 
The sam e spokesman said the attor­ ney general’s office now has until next 
F rid ay to file a reply to the TWQB action with the high court. 

GROUCHO MARX 
. . unaware of fight 

Music series ends Sundayrn 
T h e In c a rn a te Word 
C o lleg e m u sic d e p a r t ­ m e n t w ill close the 
1976-1977 Music in Action series at 8 p.m. Sunday with piano compositions for eight hands, voice, flute and trombone. 
T he p ro g ram , fe a tu r­ ing w orks by T unick, 
Holmes, Dahl, Cim era, 
C arper and Suppe, will be in the Palestrina Re­ cital Hall of the IWC Fine 
Arts Center. Admission is free. 

 whether “ someone can be confined in an A m erican prison, having gotten there through methods that violate the 
American Constitution.” 
In addition, he said, there is also a question of whether an American con­ victed and jailed lawfully in Mexico can be confined in an American prison w hen he or she has not been charged with any violation of the U.S. Law. 
The return of the Am ericans to the 
United States will depend in each case on the consent of th e M exican and 
American governments as well as the individuals involved. There is no rea­ son to believe th a t the M exican go­ vernm ent, which has softened its atti­ tudes toward American drug offenders in recentinonths, will deny premission to any of them, and an American offi­ cial said it had never “ been co n tem ­ plated th at we would tu rn anybody down.” 
The treaty also provides for the r e ­ turn to Mexico of about 1,2oo Mexican n atio n als now in c a r c e ra te d in th is country. 

Incom e tax simplification demonstrated 

WASHINGTON (AP) — Here are examples of how filing a federal incone tax return would be simplified under a bill passed by the Senate on Friday. 
One example is for a $15,UUo-a-year family of four that takes the standard deduction, the other for the sam e family with $4,o9o of itemized deductions. 
The net tax in the first ex a m p le is based on the higher standard deduction approved by the Senate. 
Standard Deduction 
CURRENT LAW 
1. Write down adjusted gross income ($15,ooo). 
2. Compute standard deduction, which is 16 percent of income but not less than $2,1oo nor more than $2,8oo 
($2,4oo). 
3. Subtract deduction from income ($12,6oo). 
4. Multiply exemptions by $75o ($3,ooo). 
5. Subtract that from line 3 ($9,6oo). 
6. Find tax iii tax table ($1,727). 
7. Compute general lax credit by m ultiplying the num ber of exemptions by $35 or by taking 2 per cent of line 5, up to SISO (SISO). 
8. Subtract general credit from line 6 to get net tax 
($1,547). 
PROPOSED LAW 
1. Writedown adjusted gross income ($15,ooo). 
2. Find tax iii tax table ($1,375). 
Itemized Deductions 
CURRENT LAW 
1. Writedown adjusted gross income ($15,ooo). 
2. Writedown itemized deductions ($4,ooo). 
3. Subtract deductions from income (SI 1.ooo). 
4. Multiply exemptions by $75o ($3,ooo). 
5. Subtract that Irom line 3 ($8,ooo). 
6. Find lax in tax table ($1,375. 
7. Compute general tax credit by m ultiplying the num ber of exemptions by $35 or taking 2 per cent of lines, up lo $18o ($16o). 
8. Subtract general credit from line 6 lo get net tax 
($1,215). 
PROPOSED LAW 
1. W rite down adjusted gross income ($15,ooo). 
2. W rite down itemized deductions ($4,ooo). 
3. W rite down new standard deduction for couples 
($3,2oo). 
4. S u b tra c t line 3 from lin e 2 to get ex c es s of itemized deductions over standard deduction ($8oo). 
5. S u b tra c t line 4 from a d ju s te d g ro s s incom e 
($14,2oo). 
6. F in d tax in tux ta b le ($1,215). 

SATURDAY 1o-9 & M O NDAY 

COME SIE 
FOR YOURSELF! 
Pff 

 ffo# s t o w 

PIX NEWEST GRAND OPENING! 
AT 4917 WAIZEM ROAD 
(ACROSS FROM WINDSOR PARK MALL) 

W ith a s t o c k o f t h o u s a n d s o f men s a w om e n s fa m o u s b r a n d sh o e s 

73oo SAN PEDRO 

(2 BtKS SOUTH OF N.W. LOOP 41o) 
349-6634 

4917 WAIZEM RD. 

 i A C R O S S F R O M 
WINDSOR PARK MAU) 
656-9881 

694 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
(SHOPPERS CITY M AU 
ACROSS FROM SEARS) 
923-9837 

Handy 
Andy 
Handy @ Andy 

DELTA 
BATHROOM 
TISSUE 
4-ROLL PACK 

Handy ^ Andy 

KINGSFORD 
CHARCOAL 
BRIQUETS 
IO-POUND BAG 

HANDY ANDY 
SAND 
TARTS 
BOX OF 3-DOZ. 

I 
...... j 
' 
* 
1 

H A h o w o o O 
I 

I 
1 )£■©?. / 

GOLD BOND 
STAMPS 

 ii BIG SATURDAY f f 

AD EFFECTIVE SAT., APR. 3o, 1977 
SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 
RIGHTS RESERVED TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 
U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
U.S. NO. I GREEN 
SIRLOIN 
BELL 
STEAK 
PEPPERS 
POUND i t Fresh & Tender 
I ! 

FOR 

TIDE 
LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 
25* OFF 
84-OZ. BOX 

HANDY AND Y ASS’T. FLAVORS 

CREAM 

HALF GAL. GTN. 

 f . / o n W l I 
A n H ii 
L A 
Handy ® Andy 
Handy ® Andy 

G.E. SOFT WHITE 
LIGHT 
BULBS 
4o, 6o, 75 OR 1oO WATT SIZE 

Cost-of-living raise to food stamp users 

San Antonio EXPRE5S-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 
Page I 3 A 

WASHINGTON (A P) 
— Most needy persons getting government food stamps will receive a cost-of-living increase ranging from $2 to more than $8 a month begin­ ning July I, the Agricul­ ture 
Department said today. 

Officials said the boost, which will vary with the size of the household, will be the first for food stamp families in 18 months. A family of four, 

 for example, will get food stamps worth $17o a month begilining July I, compared with $186 cur­ rently, a level set on Jan. 
I of last year. 

About 17.8 million per­ sons — nearly 5.6 mil­ lion households — re­ ceived 'food stamps in 
February, the most re­ cent (JSDA tabulation showed. Federal cost of the program is currently estimated at around $5.5 billion annually. 

The present food stamp program requires that a participating family buy a certain amount of food stamps at face value in order to get free “ bonus” coupons which provide more buying power at food stores. The amount of the purchase require­ ment and the bonus varies according to fami­ ly net income. 

For example, a family of four with an adjusted net income of $19o to $21o 

 a month pays $53 to get a total of $166 in stamps, a bonus of $113 in free coupons. On July I, the same family w ill get $17o in stamps for $53, a bon­ us of $117. 
As a family's income rises, the purchase requirement goes up and the amount of bonus de­ clines. Beginning at a net income of $54o a month, for example, a four- member household will have to pay $146 to get 
$17o worth of stamps. 

Conversely, at the lower end of the income scale, the purchase requirement declines, so that at $3o a month ad­ justed income or less a four-member family will get $17o worth of stamps free of charge. 
Although the benefits vary greatly according to household size and in­ come, food stamp recipients nationally get about 
$1o worth of stamps for each $4 they spend on them. 
Masseuses tile petition 

A revised challenge to the city's massage parlor regulatory ordinance will be heard May 9 in 166th 
District Court. 
A revised petition seeking a temporary injunction lo bar enforcement of certain sections of that ordinance has been filed by three women working or seeking employment as masseuses. 
A restraint bid was turned down earlier this week by 166th District Judge Peter Michael Curry 
The focus is on a section of the ordinance requir­ ing a masseuse candidate to complete three semes­ ter hours of applied anatomy and physiology in an institution accredited by the American Physical 
Therapy Association. 
The suit was filed by Michiko F. Clark, Barbara 
Miller (both masseuses and now employed) and 
Cindy Lee Anderson, who was denied a license because she has not taken the required course. 
The course, this suit notes, is not now available in 
San Antonio. 

\ ' N 
JL , 
' V T I 
V i 

% 
M erger request refused 

• -V rn ;,.:,. 
' 

The happiest 
PLANTS in Town by Scientific Farms Greenhouses 
“SPECIALS” 

• M ULTIPLE TIP B E D D IN G P LA N T S IO * EA. 
• LARG E B L O O M IN G G E R A N IU M S 6»/j” PO T 2.75 
• G U A R A N T E E D 
BEST 
Y O U ’VE 
EATEN 
— 
O U R 
G R E E N H O U SE G R O W N T O M A T O E S 6o4 PER LB. 
OPEN 7 DAYS 
1o418 Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
(Turn at sign n e x t to Longhorn C em e nt; n e x t doo r to U n ite d D iscount F u r n i t u r e ) _________ 

Francine Gold, mother of two, displays 
T-shirts she designed in hopes of safe­ guarding children in the Detroit suburb of 
Southfield, in an area where seven youngsters have been abducted and slain in the past 15 months — AP Wirephoto 

TOP NAME BRAND 
FURNITURE & ACCESSORIES 

& 
» 
'• 
*v> 

SLEEPERS 

TRUNDLE 
BEDS 
BUNK 
BEDS 
All STYLES 
SOFAS 

ALL SIZE 
BEDDING 

DECORATOR 
CHAIRS 
HAND PAINTED 
ART 

TABLE 
LAMPS 

DECORATOR QUALITY FURNITURE!!! 
AND ACCESSORIES 
(GUARANTEED ABSOLUTE AUCTION) 
ONE WEEK ONLY ^ 
Joe Freeman Coliseum 
(3 2 C o E. Houston) 

PUBLIC NOTICE! 

A * ra p ra *a n ta tiv a » a f th * p articip atin g firm * — w a of 
A m e rican Auction invito you to attorn) this fir-it g ro a t auction in San Antonio. A a octurod Mti* m agn ificent 
.tack consist* o f n ow q u ality furniture. W a fo o l you 
" 
. ti m u st s e a ftti* stock to app reciate iii 

U h 
DINETTE 
SETS 

M u te T ru c k le d *!} to 

( o m s . . . a ll w e e k lo n g ! 
GUARANTEED-CERTIFIED t*e’TAO* 
\OU5t 

HOW ELL 
^ scS5m COMPLETE LIQUIDATION 

POSITIVELY EVERY ITEM I ITEMS WE DISPLAY MUST t WILL BE SOLD 5 o ^ ^ ^ 
VIRTU* 
REGARDLESS OF PRICE. 

 r iv e r s id e 
TH|S MAGNIFICENT STOCK IS QUALITY FURNITURE-ACCESSORIES 
VOV 

RECLINERS 

ETAGERES 

WOOD ROCKERS 
SWIVEL ROCKERS 

SALES ALL OVER THE BLOCK—PIECE BY PIECE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER- 
TONIGHT THRU FRIDAY NIGHT AT 7:3o PMA 
INSPECTION ONE HR. PRIOR 
? ‘ . 
. 
AND WILL CONTINUE EACH NIGHT AT 7:3o P.M. THROUGH FRIDAY APRIL 29 
SATURDAY APRIL SOTH AT 2 P M. TILL SOLD OUT 

EACH ITEM MUST A N D WILL BE SOLD TO HIGHEST BIDDER 

LIVING ROOM 
SETS 

FLOWER 
Arrangements 

BEDROOM 
GROUPS 

DECORATOR 
MIRRORS 

SWAG 
LAMPS 
WALL 
MIRRORS 
LIVING ROOM 
TABLES 

ROOM SIZE 
RUGS 

STOCK IN EXCESS OF $4oo,ooo. 

M E R C H A N D IS E C O N S IS T S O f L A T E ST ST Y LE S O f fA C T O R Y S H O W R O O M 

S A M P L E S . & M A J O R N A M E 8 R A N o S M f GS. f R O M T H R O U G H O U T TH E U.S. 

AU MUST BE SOLD IN ONE WEEK 

DON’T MISS THIS ONCE-IN-A-LIFETIME EVENT 

ALL SALES FINAL 
NO DELIVERIES 
(You Pick-Up) 
DELIVERY SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE 
IF NEEDED FOR A FEE. 

A REQUEST AUCTION 

E V E R Y T H IN G M U S T SELL, BUT Y O U R R E Q U E S T W i l l S E S O L D F IR ST P L E A S E 

C O M E E A R L Y A N O M A K E Y O U R R E Q U E S T S . IN S P E C T IO N O N E H O U R P R IO R 

T O A U C T IO N . 
AUCTION ONLY 

 eaih and every item must be sold over the block, positively nothing will be sold before or between soles. 

WHAT IS AN ABSOLUTE AUCTION 

M E R C H A N D IS E T H A T IS C O N T R A C T E D T O SE LL R E G A R D L E S S O F P R IC E. T H ER E 

A R E N O S T A R T IN G O R M IN IM U M P R IC E S . IN O T H E R W O R D S , TH E M E R C H A N 

D IS E SELLS. IF Y O U A R E TH E LA ST B ID D E R , Y O U O W N IT 

NEVER BEFORE IN SAN ANTONIO HAS THERE BEEN 
AN AUCTION LIKE THIS ONE 

MAKE SURE 

ITHE SIZE, 
SHAPE, 
COLOR, 
OF YOUR 
ROOMS, WE ARE SERIOUS & IF YOU GET 
ITHE LAST BID, IT’S YOURS. 
AUCTION WILL INCLUDE 
I ALL SIZE BEDDING, BEDROOM, DINING RO O M , LIVING RM. 
GROUPS, LIVING RM. TABLE SITS, BRASS A COPPER PISCES. 
THOUSANDS OF ALL TYPE A STYLES OF MERCHANDISE. 

UNFINISHED 
FURNITURE 

COPPER 
ITEMS 

TOP DECORATOR 
ITEMS 

BRASS 
ITEMS 

ODD 
PIECES 

DECORATOR 
QUALITY 

FAMOUS BRANDS INCLUDE 

ATTENTION PLEASE! 

 lh ,., . 
'h , 
• i • 7. . N. * h »i » ......... • 
\ 
»»m v 
A«tc 

 ti gn -I 
>«»' ♦*•■».< 
A ' 1 
” • 
» t, .ut m in ,• 
* i i f i f M a * 

 b u d ll 1 ' Cl vT- 
I . . . I 
Ii.. 
O' Iii- * .tty. " I.M y in tl ..Ii 

 w ill bi- s o f t r •-*41.»-1 w h o i*1 »I > I»• it' 
'e !(i» f 

 pi.v»* ’ a q 
'I v " • ” W V ut V» t .I ft i"'ut I* it ou* Oui v v . 

 ort iti fo r Cl pit o v g n f 
• 
M o s t tm r ipijnitl'M - s rlls 

 tor 
o f r u i t i o n u* w h o * v<iv p a y 
O’ J I r**quUi» 

TERMS: CASH OR CHECK, 
BANKAMERICARD OR MASTER CHARGE _ 

A t least 1 o % D eposit on night of sale balance on pickups 
Joe Freeman Coliseum 
32oo E. Houston Si. (off Coliseum Rd.) 

AU STYLES 
I BURLINGTON HOUSE, SINGER, M A N O R FtOUSE, HOW ARD 

I PARLOR, SOUTHLAND, HOWELL, V IR G IN IA HOUSE, RIVERSIDE, 
PULUSKI, VIRTUE, BASSETT A M AN Y, M A N Y M O M .— 
___ 

S ALE CONDUCTED B V 
DAN CURLEE’S AMERICAN FURN. AUCTION 
T X G S -7 7 -o 3 4 S 

ADM ISSION 
A L W A Y S FREE! 
DEALERS ARE W ELC O M E 

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 
AUTO 
SPECIALS 

 i i i i i i i m m n n n m i i im I Ullin m m m m n m m m m 

NO SLIP AUTO SNACK TRAY 
CAR BUTLER 

ASST. 
COLORS 

 rn rn rn 9 rn rn rn rn rn rn w * 

The Federal Reserve 
Board Friday turned down a proposed merger of Bexar County National 
Bank with Texas Com­ merce Bancshares of 
Houston. 
Hilmer Fahrenthold, chairman of Bexar Coun­ ty National, and Ben F. 
Love, chairman of Texas 
Commerce, expressed regret at the board’s de­ cision in a joint state­ ment. 
“ San Antonio is one of the fastest growing me­ tropolitan areas in the 
United 
States,” the statement said. 

“ The area’s increase in population, commerce and industry places it in great need of those di­ versified and specialized hanking services stem­ ming from such a bank­ ing consolidation.” 

Bryon LeFlore, presi­ dent of BCNB, said the denial will not mean any lessening of service by 
Bexar County National to its market. 

WINDSHIELD WASH/ANTI-FREEZE 
SPIRIT WASH 

ONE 
GALLON 
SoLVEN 

OIL FILTER 
'QUAKER STATE DELUXE FILTERS1 
SIZES TO FIT MOST 
CARS AND TRUCKS 

QUAKES sun 

NEW 4o CHANNEL MOBILE 
HYGAIN CB 

SUPER 
PRICE! 

AUDIoVoX TRUNK-LIP MOUNT 
C.B.ANTENNA 

EAST TO 
INSTALL 

 i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i a i i i i i i i i i l l l 

3 LOCATIONS ALL OPEN 24 HOURS! 

LIMIT RIGHTS 
RESERVED 

41o/BANDERA 
57o7 BANDERA RD. 
684-8852 

WEST/BLANCO 
11743 WEST AVENUE 
349-5287 

WALZEM RD. 
5538 WALZEM RO. 
656-62oo 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 
I SATURDAY IS 

HURRY! SHOP SATURDAY FOR 
FIRST SELECTION! OUR BIG 
SALE ADS WILL APPEAR IN 
THIS SUNDAY’S NEWSPAPERS. 
TAGGING IS NOW COMPLETE. 
THOUSANDS OF ITEMS ARE 
NOW SALE PRICED IN EVERY 
DEPARTMENT! REMEMBER, 
SHOP SATURDAY TOTO 6. 

J^MmTsArimAv 
Y°“ "a y he dinner o f tf,is 
ONLY! 

1 * coEl& a ? V a v ° x 

ON SELECT GROUPS OF MERCHANDISE; 

 purchase Recess 

 drawing 

9 8 o 3monday, 1o a m 
Bl°ad»ay Store 
* 
• 

BELOW ARE SATURDAY ONLY PREVIEW DAY SIZZLERS! 

SA V E $13.o7 TO $22.o7! 
M e ta l plant stand and planter staircase 

* 1 
6 
“ staircase, reg. $2 9.95 

 plant stand, reg. $49.95$ 2 7 8 8 

SA V E $13.o7! 
K ing-size/ h e a v y duty bean b a g by Stratford 

$ 1 £ 8 8 
Reg. $ 2 9.9 5 
I V 

Big, comfy bean bag by Stratford 
Decorian. Heavy duty vinyl cover in black, yellow, tan, red, orange. 

SA V E $3o.o7! 
5-Pc. w rought iron o ut­ door dining group 

$ 7 Q 8 8 
Reg. $ 1 o 9 .9 5 
M W 

36 
Round table and 
4 
"ice cream parlor chairs in white weather-resistant finish on iron mesh. 

SA V E $7o.o7! 
Chaise lounge in b e a u ­ tiful, practical velve t 

■ti 

 it 

SA V E $2o.o7! 
G le am in g brass plated hall tree 
Reg. $59.95 
W 
7 
Umbrella stand and coat rack are a thing of beauty in gleam ing brass plate with baked lacquer protective finish. 6 9 " high, holds several coats. 

Reg. $1 49 .95 
$7 
9 
88 

Has button-tufted seat and back, box pleated skirt. 
In a good selection of popular colors. 

SA V E $2o.o7! 
H ardw ood sw ivel stools in pine or m aple finish 

» , , , 
* 4 
7 
“ 

Sturdy, comfortable seating for bar or dining counter. Colonial styling. Has metal accent ring. 

SA V E $6.o7 TO $2o.o2! 
V inyl director’s chair with h ard w oo d fram e 

$ 1 o 8 8 
Reg. $24.95 
I O ' or 2 for $29.88 
Varnished wood frame, yellow vinyl fabric. 
Weather-resistant. 
Take with and save. 

SA V E $4o.o7! 
Trundle bed converts to 
2 tw in beds in seconds 

$ 7 
9 
88 
Reg. $1 19.95 

Couch in daytime . . . bed at night. Pop-up unit concealed un­ der top unit to save space. Bed­ ding extra.______ 

SA V E $7o.o7! 
Rattan Bentw ood rocker w ith cane seat and back 
$ 7 o 8 8 
Reg. $ 1 4 9 .9 5 
M ” 
Hand woven double cane back, reinforced seat. Reinforced wrap­ ping a t stress points. 
Walnut color finish. 

SA V E $7o.o7! 
Beautiful N a v a jo print 
S-pc. m odern floor so fa 

$ 
7 
o 
8 
8 
Reg. $1 4 9 .9 5 
# ” 

Set consists of big base pillow, 
2 back pillows, 2 toss pillows. 
Rust, gold, brown cotton cover. arotkiri s 

 makes every house a little more Ulm home 

Broadw ay 
98o3 Broadw ay 
824 -9 4 o 2 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tins., Wed., Sot. 

Some limited quantities. All items subject to prior sale 
Dow ntow n 
231 I. Commerce 
227-6361 
| 
Open 16-6 Mon. thru Sat. 
•Kept Thurs. Nit* till 9:oo 

Big M City 
S. N ew Braunfels & 
E. Southerns S34-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

North Star 
San Pedro I loop 41o 
342-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Our own convenient credit plus Master Charge 

 and V IS A * (BankAmericard) 

PIONEER RECEIVER 
S X 9 5 o 
CRESTMARK 
SPEAKER 

S O U N D I 5 

A 3 WAY SPEAKER WITH 
GIANT 15” WOOFER AND 
MIDRANGE 
HORN 
FOR 
VERY CLEAR SOUND AND 
A FANTASTIC PRICE. 

PIONEER’S SX95o AM-FM STEREO RECEIVER WITH 
LOTS OF CLEAN POWER OUTPUT, SWITCHABLE 
TONE CONTROLS AND SENSITIVE EM RECEPTION. 
GRAB ONE WHILE SUPPLIES LAST. 

PRICE 
EXPLOSION 

PHASE Ii 
I- - 
% 
95) 

 a 
A STUWNWS SOUK?) IM M TRK COHO* H ttiD 5TCRIO SVSTCM FfATURWC SAMSUH AIS M STOIC 
ItCflVft, MW LI SSK {CI S PRATT TWO TOWIRS, WITH MLW CIRCUSY BRIAXFR PtOUCUOH ARO PUZO 
SUWA TWmiS. IRL BK 92o AUTOMAT* CHANST* FIATS YOW SKOKOS OML AT A THM OS SfVfRAi. 
TMI KST PAAT TS THI YOW. IGW 

ODDS N ENOS 
PRICED TO GO 
SAH PEDRO ONEY 

SX53S. 
2 ONEY 
M M I. 
W RO ORLY 

Of MO OREY 

WM© ORLY 

CHI A1..................M’ 
©TMO DMY 
SANK YO CASSETTE 
151o.................1o9* 
UMiTH) OOANOTUS 
MISC. TURNTABLES 
DUAL • PE • PIONEER 

FREDERICKSBURG 
STORE ONLY 

PIONEER RECEIVER 
54535...2oNLY ... U 
PIONEER RECEIVER 
1X636.................. 18 
WM© ORLY 

PIONEER TUNER 
TX75oO.. .1 (HRLY ,. 15 
PIONEER AMPLIFIER 
SAHM ...I OMV ..RI 

MARANTZ RECEIVER _ 
224o.. .1 ONLY .... 27 

MARANTZ RECEIVER 
225o.. .1 ONLY .... 29 

MARANTZ AMPLIFIER 
1o3o...3oNLY .... 8 

Briscoe, Hill have first campaign clash 

MIDLAND 
(AF) 
- 
Texas Atty. Gen. John 
Hill and 
Gov. 
Dolph 
Briscoe stopped shadow-boxing and began swinging at each other this week in what observers felt was their first unofficial campaign skirmish for the 1978 
Democrat ic gubernator­ ial nomimation. 
Hill, who says he will not make an official an­ il uincemeni on the race until June, threw the first punches Thursday when he termed “ irre­ sponsible'’ statements by 
Gov. Briscoe about the possibility of cutting off the supply of Texas gas to other states. 
Briscoe’s comments came during a news con­ ference iii Houston Sa­ turday when he criticized 
President 
Carter’s recently proposed energy conservation and development program. 
Partisan 
Briscoe reacted to 
Hill's comments saying the attorney general was letting “ partisan poli­ ties” interfere iii matters of great concern to Tex­ ans. 
“ I stand by everything 
I have said about the 
Carter energy policy,” the governor said. “ If those who want to knuckle under to greater federal regulations and to the federal bu­ reaucracy want to cri­ ticize me, let them have at it. I have just begun to fight to protect the econ­ omy of our state." 
(in 
Friday. 
Hill traveled to 
Midland where he told the Mid­ land County Bar As­ sociation that Briscoe's opposition to Carter’s en­ ergy program was belat­ ed.' 

He said the governor had failed to influence 

G O V . BRISCOE, left, and A tty Gen. Hill 
Have thrown the first punches in their fight for the governor’s seat 

 the composition of the team that formulated the energy plan for Carter. 
He said 13 of the 15 men on the team were federal officials, and Texas was not represented by a sin­ gle member. 
“ If Gov. Briscoe had acted then to persuade 
President Carter that 
Texas should be repre­ sented, it is more than likely that we would hav e had some of our own ex­ perts on the team,” Hill said. 
“ Gov. 
Briscoe failed to take any effec­ tive action. He sat by while the policy was be­ ing finalized by someone else in Washington.” 
Hill added:“ Participa- tion iii the decision-mak­ ing process is more than threats to cut off gas to the other states, which would entail breaking solemn contracts, an op­ tion which has been ruled unconstitutional by our court system.” 
No influence 

Hill and Briscoe, how­ ever, appeared to agree on one point - Texas of­ ficials must present a united front. 

Hill said the thing to do now is to help “ the Texas congressional delegation sell a Texas viewpoint with reasonable ar­ 

 guments and solid facts,” and called on the governor to “ invite our state’s top experts to sit in with us and develop a battle plan.” 

Briscoe also referred to a united front Thursday saying, “ it is important that the public officials of 
Texas try to present a united front to Congress and the administration ... rather than let partisan politics interfere in a matter of vital impor­ tance to the future of our state.” 
Hill, 58 and in his second term as attorney general, has been visit­ ing different cities in the state lately discussing state affairs. 
While in Dallas Thurs­ day Hill spoke before a group of Mexican-Amer- icans. Most of the ques­ tions to Hill started: “ lf you are elected governor 

H a v w o rih case d ism isse d 

SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) — A petition by Orange 
County to take control of the estate of actress Rita 
Hayworth was dismissed Friday because she has never officially resided within the county’s jurisdic­ tion. 
Superior Court Judge Claude M. Owens ordered the dismissal without comment after Miss Hayworth’s attorney. Leonard Monroe, argued that the actress’ permanent residence remains in Beverly Hills, which is ii adjacent Los Angeles County. 
The petition for temporary conservatorship includ­ ed un affidavit from r. Jam es Miner of Hoag 
Memorial Hospital in Newport Beach which said the 
58-year-old actress was “ gravely disabled as a result of mental disorder or impairment by chronic al­ coholism.” 

Miss Hayworth had been stav ing in Newport Beach when she was admitted earlier this year at Hoag 
Memorial Hospital for undisclosed reasons. 
It was not immediately known where the actress is currently staying. 
Monroe arrived and departed from the courthouse without comment and his office declined to give any further information on Miss Hayworth. 
Conservatorship proceedings were filed by eputy 
County Counsel Richard Oviedo on behalf of county . 
Public Guardian James Hein. 

The Lawn-Boy 

I 

 la 

 rn 

$ 

Trimming convenience of a rear bagger and the clean cut of a LA W N -B O Y 
Large bag holds 5o% m ore grass than our regular bag 
Lifts on and off easily 
Extra-big opening for quick emptying 
Plus, the easier-m owing, longer-going 2-cycle engine 

2 1 " Solid State self-propelled. 
With rear-bagging attachment. 

2 
7 
4 
9 3 

*You save $29.95 compared to purchasing Model 8235 and rear bagging attachm ent separately. At participating dealers while supplies of promotional models last. 

Hear bagger also available as accessory for almost any 21 un » luau wily w i 
Lawn Boy made 
“ ce 1973 

Model 
8235. 
LAWN-BOY 

The rear bagger with the 2-cycle advantage. 

 sine 

BALLINGER 
W estern Auto Assoc. Store 
8th & Hutchins 

BRO W N W O O D 
Eddins Cycle St Law n Center 
4 o 4 A u stin A v e n u e 

S te w arts Sale s & Service 
2o7 W . Lee 

DEL RIO 
R ussell H ard w a re 
5 o 6 E. G ib b s 

BOERNE 
Boerne O u td oor Equipm ent 

FREDERICKSBURG 
Dueclcer Electric Co., Inc. 
2 2 4 W . M a in Stree t 

GONZALES 
N o v e l’s G a ra g e 
5(o4 Thornton 

KERRVILLE 
Ferris R en tal Center 
4 1 6 M a in Stre e t 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
K rafts H om e & A uto 
9 o o W e st Sa n A n ton io 

PLEASANTON 
W illia m s H a rd w a re 
1o7 N. M a in 

ROCKSPRINGS 
R o ck sp rin gs Butane Co. 
315 M a in 

SAN ANGELO 
H om e H a rd w a re 
3 o 1 3 N. C h a d b o u rn e 

H om o H a rd w a re 
I 3o3 W . B e q u e re g a rd 

United R en t-A ll 
1 82 3 W . A v e . N. 

SAN ANTONIO 
A A A Rentals & Sa le s 
2 6 1 4 M o ssro ck Dr. 

Acm e Rent-Rite 
8 33 1 B ro a d w a y 

S a m B ra w n ’s R e p air Shop 
I 9 o 8 Q u in tan a 

O sb o rn s Sm all Engin e R ep air 
I o o 6 W e st A ve. 

P A C Service Center 
2 6 1 6 S.W . Loop 4 1 o 

John Soroia, Inc. 
2 1 5 A u gu sta Street 

SEGUIN 
M ich na A Salm o n Firestone 
1111 East Court 

S a g e b ie l’s H om e A A uto Center| 
2 5 6 W . Court 

BRADY 
M cLeans 
I o3 E. C om m erce 

WE DISCOUNT 

PRICE 

NOT QUALITY 
ALL TIME APRIL 

SATURDAY— IO A.M.-6 P.M. 

BLITZKRIEG 
PRICE 

NEW ARRIVAL 
MARANTZ 
TURNTABLE 
MODEL 61oo 

BRAND NEW AT CUSTOM HI TI, 
THE MARANTZ 61oo TURN-TABIE 
WITH 
BELT 
DRIVE 
AND 
AUTOMATIC SHUT OFF. 

INTRODUCTORY 
SPEGAL 

EGI SPEAKER 
ECI’S SUPER, SUPER 8 TWO 
WAY 
SPEAKER WITH 
8” 
WOOFER AND 3” PHENOLIC 
RING, 
WIDE 
RANGE 
TWEETER 
AND 
WALNUT 
CABINET. 
GUNNED DOWN PRICE 

HWY. 9o STORE ONLY 

SANSO! RECEIVER 
661 ................... 179” 
HMG OKEY 

SANSO) RECOVER 
771 ..................249 
DMO OKEY 

881 .................... 299” 
DEMO ONEY 

SANSO! RECEIVER 
.................399 
DEMO (WEY 

SANSO! RECEIVER 

* * * * ' ' OMO ONEY * ‘ am u urn i 

SANKYO CASSETTE 
141o............ 99” uMtrro duakttw 
SANKYO CASSETT! 
_ 
151o.............1o9” 
IMUTfD GUAN WRS 

 t m 
................... J i t ” 
COMPUTE DURO 
MONTO TIMS m o t...I OMV .239" 

SUPER 8 

oo P io n e e r*- TURNTABLE 

P L 5 3 o 

DIRECT DRIVE AND FULLY 
AUTOMATIC IN PIONEER’S 
P153o 
TURNTABLE 
WITH 
UNBEATABLE 
LOOKS 
AND 
PERFORMANCE. 
5 7 
SHOOTOUT 
PRICE 

NEW LINE m a 
B 
H i i i t x 
W e s a n d better 

2 2 2 6 

THE NEW LINE MARANTZ 
RECEIVER, 2226 OFFERS BET­ 
TER THAN EVER PERFORM­ 
ANCE WITH 3 WAY TONE 
CONTROL. IT S A MARANTZ! 

PRICE EXPLOSION 

CUSTOM HI FI’S M R. WATT 
A U D IO CORNER 
LOUDNESS CONTROL (CONTOUR) 

LOUDNESS CONTROL: A CIRCUIT ON RECEIVERS OR AMPLIFIERS 
WHICH COUNTERACTS THE REDUCED SENSITIVITY OF THE EAR TO 
VERY LOW BASS AND HIGH TRIBLE NOTES AT LOW VOLUME SET­ 
TINGS. 

THE FIRST IN A SERIES TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND HI El 
SPECIFICATIONS. 
COM ING NEXT! 3 HEAD TAPE DECKS 

DYNAMIC DUO 

DISCWASHER 
RECORD 
CLEANER 

PRICE 
EXPLOSION 

SOUNDGUARD 

PIONEER 8 TRACK 

AM-FM STEREO 
STRACK PLAYER 
MOUNTS IN 
YOUR DASH 

JIL 8 TRACK 

MODEL 
846 

AM FM STEREO 
8 TRACK WITH 
PUSHBUTTON 
TUNING. MOUNTS 
IN YOUR DASH 

N I 

U t 

I - 
* 

A^ mm 
T 
MMI 

N |- £ *C mm 

SZO 
T O 

FACTORY 
CLOSEOUT 
J.I.L. CASSETTE 

MODEL 
6o4 

AM FM STEREO 
CASSETTE 
FAST FORWARD 
MOUNTS IN 
YOUR CASH 

BLANK TAPE 
SCOTCH 8 TRACK....... 
9o MIN. LO NOISE 
MAXELL CASSETTE .... 
UDC-9o MIN. 
BASF CASSETTE......... 
STUDIO SERIES 9DMIN. 
SCOTCH REEL............ 

18oo-2o7 

 c s 

OPEN AIR 
DESIGN cu/iom hi-fi 'SSS 
SATURDAY HOURS 
1o-6 

■ ax 

 oz m 

 s i 
* w 
K ) w un 

 o 
- V | 
K J 
JJM 
ZZ. 

 rn 
TO n 

* 
( A 
CB 
. C 
Z P *II® 
1 * 5 x r * o iso 

O z g a 

2-< 

Page 
I 6-A 
+ 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — 
Saturday April 3o I 977 

: 

o r n 

COMPLETE 
CB RADIO SERVICE 

WE SERVICE ALL M AK ES OF 
CB R A D IO S A ACCESSORIES 

• Warranty Station— Most Major Brands 

• First Class FCC Lictnstd Technicians 

• lattst 23 I 4o chn!. AM /SS8 /M obile Test 

Equipment 

• 24 hr. Repairs in Most Cases 

Visit Any Store 

 or Call... 
349-4465 

C o m m u n i c a t i o n s , E t c . rt 
. w 

N € W 
I lh*rm»-G4*tt itn + i 
^H EA TERS 
4o GAI 
A J A X 

WATER 
HEATER 

TOILET 
S I9« 

ALSO 
AVAILABLE IN 
COLORS 

A JA X P L U M B IN G CO. 
■HAVE TOOLS, WILL TRAVEL” 

G u a r a n t e e d P lu m b in g R e p a ir s & S e w e r S e r v ic e 

4 5 I I VV. C o m m e r c e ( a t 2 9 t h ) 
4 2 4 - 2 3 o 3 

 a* 
TO 

Z 
Or\ 
Oc*o 
o z 
1 
I 

"DREAM ENGLANDER 
/ / 

FULL 
------------------------ 
-..r s 
SET | INNERSPRING MATTRESS 
V 
AND BO X SPRINGS 

Ask us about our deal on dining room & living room furnishings at J o % over co st! 

I SSO BANDERA RD. 
433 ,o7, 

SPECIAL 
B EA N 
B A 

M I . 

LIMITED QU ANTITIES 
THE SLEEP SHOP 
6 S A N PEO k u 
1 
® f m 
T W m i T A R Y ^ 3 9 5 1 9 l E D ! B c k f l B R G RD. 
6646 
828-5444 
922-1691 
736-5878 

, T O R B E T s a l* 
In d o o r -O u td o o r C a r p e t 
$ A 4 5 

V i Price reg. $4.95 
^ sq. yd. 
Hi-Lo Sh a g— I o o % Nylon S O P S 
Installed (includes pad & labor) reg. $1 1.95 
S q . yd. 
Vinyl Special - Closeout On 

In Stock Items 3 o I. 6 o % OW 
WE CAN'T BE BEAT 
* 4 DISCOUNT CARPET 
3(S- 
WAREHOUSE 
« ?" 225-44o1 125 W. CEVALLO S 

 i h i o 
Turn East from IH-3S on So. Larodo Ext 

A A A TIRE-WHEEL-EXHAUST CENTERS 
B 
M 

MASTERCHARGE • BANKAMERICARD • AMERICAN EXPRESS 
INSTANT CREDIT 

DUAL EXHAUSTS 
M O ST VEHICLES 
$3 7 95 

E78X14 
F 7 8 X 1 4 
G 78X14 
G78X15 

SIDEPIPES 

 s 4 
8 
’ ° 
ZOO M IES 
$6 9 9o 

$97 
9o 

+ F.E.T. 

H78X14 
H78X15 
L78X15 
$1o7 
9o 

F.E.T. 

16o2 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
54o5 BROADWAY a t haw y t ,n 
1849 FREDERICKSBURG D O N A L D S O N 
5o9 EL PASO 

924-7321 
828-6181 
732-61 18 
828-32o9 

Save 4 o % of, Regular price on 
45 pc. Fine China Service for Eight 

 w 

45-Piece Deborah, Spring Delight or Glen brook: 8 each of dinner plates, soup bowls, dessert plates, cups, saucers; I each of covered sugar bowl, creamer, chop plate, round vegetable bowl 
Reg. $79.95 

N O W s47 
9 7 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

Zales Revolving C harge • Z ales.Custom C harge • BankAm ericard 
M aster C harge • Am erican Express • D iners Club • C arte Blanche • Layaw ay 

• 4oo I. HOUSTON 
• 1161. HOUSTON 
Sh o p D o w n to w n 
Thurs. E v e n in g ! 
• IA FERIA CENTER 
• WINDSOR PARK 
Saie prices eft. r.r » 
Original i»n< 
ZALES 
The Diamond Store 

• NORTH STAR MAU 
• PERRIN PLAZA 
• UNIVERSAL CITY 
• WALNUT SQUARf 
New Braunfels, Ti. 

• on selected merchandise Entire stock not included in thiu sate e tag shown on every item AM items subtect to prior safe 

CLOCK SALE 
SATURDAY, APRIL 3o 
SAVE ‘2oooo 
O r more on oil G ran dfath er C locks in stock. Free 
D elivery and Set-U p in San Antonio. 

Specializing in watch and clock repairs and restoration. All work guaranteed I year. 

T H E , £ U K K & H Q P P E 
Mon.-Fri. 9 to 5 - Sat. 9-2 

■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ M i 

 t m rn m 
2-PC. LIVING ROOM 
K O T H SOFA & CHAIR 
■ 
M OTHER’S DAY 
SPECIAL 

SAVE $1oo.oo O N THIS BEAUTIFUL 
IOO” 
DEEP-TUFTED 
ROLL 
ARM 
SOFA & CHAIR. YOUR CHOICE OF 
VELVET OR HERCULON. 

1oVESEAT 
OPTIONAL 

FURNITURE DISCOUNT 
1321 BANDERA RD. (C U S O N CENTER} 

H ofuvltr . 4 3 4 - 4 1 4 9 tea.ms 
EASY 
TERMS 

TRUNDLE BED 
S t u r d y m e t a l u nit 
& 
2 quality mattresses, tucks a w a y easily! 

WITHOUT ENDS 
*1295# 

WITH FINISHED ENDS ‘2395# 

Z Z L 
Bedding 

Open Mon. thru Fri. 8-5:3o P.M.— Sat. 8 A.M. to 12 Noon 
4915 McCullough, 6 blks. N. of Olmos Dr. 
824-o2o1 
EASY TERMS! 

ALL INNER-SPklNG CONSTRUCTION 
• KING SET...M995o 
• QUEEN SET $1695o 

• DOUBLE SET ..$9 9 5o 
• TWIN SET. ...*895o 

 r n 

FOR INFORMATION 
REGARDING 
ADVERTISING ON 
THIS PAGE 

CALL 2 5 5 -7 4 1 I 

— 

S & P COMMUNICATIONS 

 m o t o r o l a ” 
THE VOICE OF EXPERIENCE COMES TO CITIZENS B A N D R A D I O 

W „„ 4 MOTOROLA CB. 2 

TRUNK 
( 
I IWITIIV 
| 
M OUNT J 
3 OR 4o Ch. 

4 o C H A N N E L W IT H A N T E N N A miakkp i JJss 
“ 
« 
2“ 
” 
MODEL 2o1o 
149.95 
W A S 212.95 
MODEL 2o2o 
1 69.95 
W A S 242.95 
INTRODUCTO RY PRICES G O O D W HILE CURRENT SUPPLY LASTS! ALL MODELS 
HAVE TOP FIRE SPEAKER, BUILT-IN POW ER MIC, P.A. & METER 
W A R R A N T Y SERVICE 
M O TO RO LA , RCA, ROYCE, 
5724 MOBUD 
HY-°fl,N•REGENCV' COBRA 
684-o196 

U 
P 
I 

 m m 

SA VS 33% 
5o-Piece Stainless Steel Flatware 

5o-Piece service has 8 each of; dinner knives, dinner forks, soup spoons, salad forks,- 16 teaspoons, I but­ ter knife, I sugar shell. 
Reg. $14.88 

N O W 

$ A 9 o 

DO W N TO W N 
2 2 4 E. Houston 
D aily 1 o -5 :3 o 
Thurs. 1 o -7 :3 o y 

 off regular 

S e r « % h t 

M ISSIO N 

^ j e w e l e r s 

South Park 

M a l i 
D aily 1o-9 
Sat. 1o-6 

QQQQ]s c 

 c m .. . Pl«u. Ho.d,. 
WITH COUPON 

>rVci 
88 

Limit 
4 
Per Coupon 

PRE PRICED $6.oo ea. Penn #578 
Surgical Stainless Steel— 8VS” Long 
FABRIC W AREHOUSE 
9 3 8 B A N D E R A 
1-35 AT E ISE N H A U E R RD. 

S S 

CH 

Available: 
Today— -M ay 7 at: 

169oo less than the suggested list price for a new KIRBY vacuum cleaner this rem anufactured Kirby includes a full set of attachm ents and carries a 24-m onth lim ited w arranty covering parts and labor. 
Financing available. M aster 
Charge and BankAm ericard welcom e. 

Powell Appliance Center 
I 34o S.W. Military Dr. (6 blocks west of Southside Sears) open: 9-6 daily, 9-5 on Saturdays 
9 2 4 - 6 6 3 1 

Galveston has 

C ity on an Island 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 Page 
T -B 

 magicai quality 

Galveston is a city in its own pattern. 
It has always been — and still is — a city like no other. 
It is not only a matter of geo­ graphy — 
Though Galveston is the only large se asid e city in North 
America completely on a natur­ al island. 
It is not only a m atter of history — 
Though Galveston has 8o Texas his­ to rical m a rk e rs ran g in g from one com m em orating the home port of the 
Navy of the Republic of Texas to one m arking an oleander that is a direct 

Galveston is som ething more than geograph y 
- — history 
— the scene {>f great tragedy 
— a show­ case o f 
Victorian ele­ gance... its excitement can only be felt. 

 descendant of the first oleander plant­ ed on G alveston Island. That w as in 
1841. 
It is not only that Galveston was the site of the worst disaster ever to hit the 
United States. 
At least 6,ooo lives were lost in the great Galveston storm of Sept. 8, 19oo. 
Comeback 
Or that Galveston is the only city in 
Am erica that cam e back from such a natural disaster and built a great pro­ tective wall 17 feet high along its ocean front. It now extends IO miles. 
To further safeguard the city — it pumped mud in for more than 7 years to raise the average level of the entire city eight feet. 
It is not only that Galveston has no rival in T exas ~ and few across the country — for its grand homes built in the elaborate style of about a century ago. 
Who could look at the Bishop’s P a ­ lace and not be awed? . 
No — Galveston is something more 

 than geography — history — the scene of great tragedy — a showcase of Vic­ torian elegance. 
The excitement of Galveston can’t be analyzed. It can only be felt. 
Old magic 
Bonnie and I recently spent two days in Galveston and up and down the is­ land. It was our first visit in 13 years. 
The old m agic was still there — 
Driving along the seawall and seeing the long fishing piers and the white­ caps rolling in — 
Down on the waterfront — m arveling at the sh rim pers’ “ Mosquito Fleet” — and at dockside a great black ocean freighter with its name in bold, white letters — in Greek. 
And pausing at the site where once stood “ M aison R ouge” — the home and fort of the most dashing pirate of them all — Jean Lafitte. 
But som eth ing is tran sform in g IO sq u are blocks of G alveston and we spent much of our first morning there. 
Family dynasties 
Galveston is the home of four fam ily b u sin e ss d y n a stie s 
— 
M oody, 
Kempner, Sealy and Hutchings. 
The em p ires they built — cotton, su gar, banking, com m ission houses, insurance, railroads, ocean shipping — made Galveston a business center far beyond its size. And there were other m ajor businessm en. 
From the 185os through the 189os, 
Galveston w as the business center of 
T e x a s and in flu e n tial a c ro ss the country. 
Heart of that business center — hard by the port — was “ The Strand.” It was once known as the “ Wall Street of the Southwest.” from Galveston and a heavy equipment company was about to buy it and part of the area, the community rallied to stop the sa le . The buildin g is now owned by the Moody Foundation and among its plans is a railroad m useum . 
Peter Brink, executive director of the Historical Foundation, took Bonnie and me on a tour of The Strand. Al­ ready it is a fascinating place. 
“ In addition to foundation funds, more than $3 million in private money has been spent on Strand p ro jects,” 
Brink told us. 

Even today, The Strand has a col­ lection of iron-front business buildings almost unduplicated. 
Hendley Row is one of them. It was built in 1859 and bombarded during the 
Civil War. One of the most magnificent areas is the 23oo block of The Strand. It burned in 1869 and w as reb u ilt in 
187o-71. 
Strand falls 
In this century The Strand fell on evil days a s G alveston changed and business shifted away from the area. 

Supported by the Moody Foundation and other contributors, the Galveston 
Historical Foundation set about to res­ tore The Strand. 
O’Neil Ford of the San Antonio a r­ ch itectu ral firm of Ford, Powell & 
Carson is preparing the m aster plan. 
The Foundation’s offices are in the 
Santa Fe Building — a 1o-story shining office building that stands at the head of The Strand. It once was the depot and a m ajor headquarters for the San­ ta Fe Railroad. 
When the,railroad moved its offices 

Once named one of the IOO outstanding buildings in the U.S., Galveston’s Bishop’s Palace, left, is magnifi­ cent in architecture and interior furnishings. Above, 
Peter Brink, director of the Galveston Historical Foun­ dation, strolls along The Strand. Now being restored. 
The Strand was once known as the “ Wall Street of the 
Southwest. 

A variety of colorful re sta u ra n ts have opened. There is a fine continen­ tal restau ran t, T horne’s. N earby is 
The Strand Sm oked M eat Com pany, specializing in barbecue. Around the corner is Cafe Torrefie, an appealing little French restaurant. 
The Junior leagu e, first to restore a 
Strand building, has its offices and the 
“ 1882 Soup and Sandwich Shoppe.” 
W arner’s on the Strand is a pub. Its long bar is magnificent. It cam e from a St. Louis hotel and dates back to ISHO. 
One of the top places is the Old Strand 

E m poriu m , sellin g im ported w ines, cheeses and foods and servin g san d ­ wiches in a very unusual room. 
There are a num ber of o ffices in re sto re d b u ild in g s. 
M cLeod 
Properties, a real estate and building firm , has done an outstanding building restoration, as has Stewart Title Co. 
George Mitchell, a Houston oilm an with a Galveston background, is re s­ to rin g a b u ild in g for a la r g e restauran t, cocktail lounge, m eeting 
See GALVESTON, Page SB 

Treasured sites 

SATURDAY SIZZLERS 
Wards SMj-hp lawn mower with rugged Briggs & Stratton engine. savnngs 

M odel 444 o 

U H aste rubied 

Wards new steel-deck 
2o-in. rotary mower. 

Save *11o 

Wards best barn-style steel lawn building. 

8 8 

Regular 249.99 

Embossed galvanized steel construction, polyester enamel finish in red or green 56x- 
7o” white-trimmed Dutch barn doors. 

Regularly 139.99 

"Fry this rotary mower on your own lawn. 
Its 2o” 

 turbo-chamber steel deck 

 cuts and bags efficiently. 
Pull-and-go start gets you mowing quickly. 
With 

 automatic choking for con­ stant cutting power through thick or thin grass. 

TO ENJOY WHAT YOU NEED NOW—FOR YOURSELF, YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR. COME APPLY FOR A WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT 
I 
Value. It's what we’re all about. 
SH I j 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at Walzem Road 

Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

LACKLAND PLAZA 

7569 Highway 9o West 

Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

R A N H O I P H P I A 7 A 
I V / \ 1 l L f v / U T JI I I 

9oo Pat Booker Road 

Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

Saturday 
^ 
^E X P R E S S NEWS™ 
Scene 

April 3o 1977 

MR. AND MRS. ALBERT G. MUENCHOW 
Couple wed 7o years 

Surprise party honors couple 

Mr. and Mrs. Albert G. 
Muenehbw will celebrate their 7oth wedding an­ niversary Sunday with a reception in their home. 
Hosts will be the cou­ p le’s daug hter-in-law , 
M rs. E lm e r H. Muen- chow, and th e ir three grandchildren. 
The Muenchows were married May I, 19o7, in a small Lutheran Church on Dallas Street in down­ town San Antonio. 
Mrs. Muenchow is the former Alma L. YVieters. 
Both she and her hus­ band have been residents of San Antonio since 19o2. 

They are m em bers of 
St. 
Jo h n 's 
L utheran 
Church. Mr. Muenchow is retired from Fox Tech 
High School, w here he was head custodian for many years. 
Assisting with the re­ ception and open house 
Sunday are the M uen­ chow s’ g ra n d c h ild re n : 
Mrs. Ja m e s R. (Lola 
Mae) Rudolph, Fred L. 
Muenchow, and Mrs. 
Howard L. (L inda K.) 
M organroth, and their families. 

The couple has three great-granddaughters 

This month in 
Girl Scouting 

San Antonio Area Girl 
Scout Council has a n ­ nounced its schedule of activities for the month of May. 
Girl Scout Field Meet­ ing will be held at 9:3o a.m. May 4 in the Girl 
Scout Office. 

Board meeting will be held at IO a.m. May 5 in the Girl Scout Office. 
South C en tral d istric t m eeting will be at 9:3o a.m . May o in T rin ity 
Lutheran Church. 
N orthw est d istric t meeting will be held at 
9:3o a m. May 9 in the 
Norma Friedrich Ward 
Center. 
N orth east district, meeting will be held at 9 a.m. May 9 in the North­ wood 
P re sb y te ria n 
Church. 

LONELY 
““CARE 
226-4443 

Girl 
Scout annual meeting will be held at 9 a.m. May IO in the Pecan 
Valley Country Club. 
Senior S p ectru m in ­ stallation will be held at 
IO a.m. May 14 in the Ft. 
Sam Houston NCO Club. 
C am ping co m m ittee will m eet at 9:3o a.m . 
May 18 in the Girl Scout office. 
Public Relations com­ mittee will meet at 9:3o a.m. May 19 in the Girl 
Scout office. 
P rog ram co m m itte e meeting will be held at 
9:3o a m. May 19 in the 
Norma Friedrich Ward 
Center. 

V olunteer Personnel 
Services committee will meet at 9:3o a.m. May 19 in the Girl Scout office. 
Cadette First Class re­ cognition will be held at 3 p.m . May 22 in the 
Brooks AFB O fficers 
Club. 
Functional committee meeting will be held at I p.m. May 25 in the Girl 
Scout office. 

By EVE LYNN SAWYER 

Handle R. Hanks surprised his wife, Annie L., with a 4oth wedding anniversary party in their home. All of the guests were from out-of-town. 

Her sisters, Mmes. A, F. Palmie, 
Modesto, Calif.; 
Richard Watson, 
Westhoff, Tex.; and Vel McKenzie, 
Pleasanton, all attended. 

His brothers and their wives on hand for the anniversary included Mr.' and Mrs.. Sidney Martin, Fort Worth; the Rev. and Mrs. Paul Savage, Al­ buquerque; and Mr. and Mrs. Willis 
M. Hanks, Kermit. 

Visitors 

Former San Antonians, 
Jack and 
Marlys Baldree now of Plano, were honored at parties that 
Sam and 
Vangie Clough gave in their home. A dinner and a brunch made it easy for former friends of the 
Baldrees to catch up with their moves. 
The visitors moved to Plano last May from Raleigh, N.C. Before that, they lived in Phoenix and Tulsa. The 

Baldrees also brought their children. 
Jim and Maria. Jim wanted to cele­ brate his birthday in San Antonio, a major reason for the trip. 
Rig 
Mr. and Mrs. Robert A. Buschman have returned from Durban, South 
Africa. During their visit Mrs. Busch­ man commissioned and named a new offshore drilling rig “ Mike G. Ruther­ ford.” 
This is the first offshore oil rig to be constructed in South Africa. The water depth of the rig is 25o feet. The rated drilling depth is 2o,ooo feet. 
Sisters Kimberly and Joy McCord got together over a weekend. Kimberly is in her freshman year at San Antonio 
College studying to be a dental hygien­ ist. She’s a graduate of Jefferson. 
Joy is attending Houston Community 
College and is in the traffic department for an engineering company in the same city. Both sisters play racket ball and soccer. 
Cathy Oliveri, daughter of Lt. Col. 
(ret.) and Mrs. Louis Oliveri, has been accepted at five Ivy League schools in addition to Rice. They include Har­ vard, Radcliffe, Princeton, Yale and 
Smith. 
Her first choice is Princeton, so that’s where she will enrol). 

o*" 

Already in the mood of the annual style show spoof presented by the Women of 
St. Luke’s Episcopal Church are Mmes. 
Robert Nelson, Harry Spear and Joseph 
G. Cocke Sr., who’ll model fashions from the Green Door thrift shop. The 23rd 

I erne bean show fakes place a f noon 
M onday a f the church. Themed as a 
“ put-on-and-take-off/* the comic show points up the serious and far-reaching missionary benefits of the Green Door, operated by St. Luke's Women. 
PHOTO BV RON JONES 
Heimlich method a lifesaver 

Dear Ann: I am writing this letter in the hope it might save another life. 
Recently, when my husband and I were having lunch in a neighborhood restaurant, we noticed a woman a few tables away who seemed to be choking on her food. 
Suddenly I noticed her face was turning purple. Everyone around her was upset, but no one knew what to do to help. 
My husband jumped up, grabbed the woman under her rib cage — made a fist and punched in. He did this three times and a chunk of food that had been blocking the woman’s windpipe popped out of her mouth. 
Within a m atter of minutes, she was feeling fine. 
My husband learned this life-saving maneuver from watching Frank Fields on Channel 4 News. I think my hus­ band, Bernard, deserves a big hand, 

 don’t you? Mrs. B. Plisky, Levittown, 
New York 
Dear Mrs. P.: 
Bernard certainly does deserve a big hand, and while we’re at it, let’s give a big hand to Art 
Snider, science writer for the Chicago 
Daily News. 
He was the first person to publicize the Heimlich Lifesaving Technique in 
1975 and has undoutedlv saved several hundred people from choking to death. 
Borrowers 

Dear Ann: 
I have a problem with friends and neighbors. They borrow everything and anything I own. It’s like I’m a free Rent-All-Shop. 
Every time someone stops by to see me, I wait to see what they are going to ask for next. 
It’s gotten so bad I have to write down who borrowed what and when because I can’t rem em ber any more 
LACY LOVELIES forgJW OTHERj 

Select one or both of these boudoir beauties— and you’ll make M other’s day. Their style is fully, frilly feminine! Yet they’re practical for busy Moms— 
6 5 % dacron polyester, for easy care. 

RUMPLESHEEN LO N G G O W N 

V-plunge neckline front and back, self-ties in back. Cut comfortably full and fashionable. 
Wide bands of lace frame neck, waistline. 
$16.oo 

RUMPLESHEEN LONG 
BUTTON-FRONT COAT 

Square neckline, to-the- point long sleeves framed with wide bands of lace. 
Buttons full length. 
$21.oo 

Both in Petite, Small, M ed iu m , Large 
Color Choice: Chaste W hite, Peachy 
Keen, Forget-me-not Blue 

N o rth S ta r Mall • I 

Tune in to biorhythms 

Use your Lenny’s Charge, 
Shoppers Charge, Master 
Charge or BankAmericard. 

Get in touch with your internal cycles! Let Kos- mos I compute the ups and downs of your daily life. 
San A ntonians will have the chance to learn about their biorhythms next week when two ex­ perts come to Frost Bros. 
Christopher Washburn and Leslee Mayes of the 
Biorhythm Research In­ stitute in A tlanta, will introduce Kosmos I, a hand-size com puter, which guides the indivi­ dual in learning to know himself. 
W ashburn and Miss 
Mayes will be in the 
Man’s World department of F r o s t’s N orth Star 
Mall Monday and in the downtown store’s Man’s 
World T uesday to de­ monstrate how Kosmos I works. 
George S. Thommen’s book, “ Is T his Your 
Day,” will be displayed with K osm os I. Thom- men is the modern mas­ ter and a u th o rity on biorhythm theory. 
Just what is biorhythm theory? 

Basically it concludes that from birth to death each person is influenced by three internal cycles: physical, emotional and intellectual. Each cycle determines how we feel every day. 
The physical cycle takes 23 d ay s to com ­ plete. It affects strength, resistance to disease, and coordination. 
The em otional cycle, lasting 28 days, rules 

 sensitivity, mood, nerves and creative ability. Me­ m ory, re g u la te d a le r t­ ness, reasoning power and logic are in the in­ tellectual cycle, a period of 33 days. 
All of these rhythm s are computed on the ba­ sis of the individual’s birth d a te as well as other pertinent dates. 
This science is used today in medicine, psy­ c hiatry, education and in du stries where beha­ vior is important to de­ pendable performance. 
In Japan Dr. Kichino- suke T a ta i, author of 
“ Biorhythm for Health 
Design,” was instrumen­ tal in reducing Japan ’s traffic accidents by ap­ plying biorhythm to the municipal transportation system. 
The K osm os I com ­ puter, also a four- function arithmetic cal­ culator, will indicate the c ritic a l as well as the successful days for each individual. 
The scien tific com ­ puter also indicates the compatibility level of any two individuals. 
F ro st’s biorhythm ex­ perts also will explain how to interpret the data that relates to family and rom antic relationships, teamwork, diet, creativi­ ty, stress, accidents, in­ juries, study, child care and future plans. 
The public is invited to visit the Man’s World to learn how' to use this guide to a fuller and safer life. 

Ann, 
Landers 

 where my stuff is. 
I have a great many friends and I want to keep them, but I need help with this problem, Ann. — Duck Soup 

Dear Ducky: Apparently you want to continue to be a “ Rent-All-Shop.” So, let’s proceed from there. 
Your best protection against losing articles permanently is to keep track of everything borrowed. Contact the borrower after a reasonable period of time and ask when he (or she) plans to return same. 
This, of course, is a time-consuming and self-denigrating procedure. Mor­ eover, it doesn’t speak very well for your friends. But obviously you are too insecure to say “ NO.” 

Dear Amt: A friend (?) who thinks she is the world’s best cook served a very nice souffle at a luncheon recent­ ly. I asked for the recipe and she gave it to me — grudgingly. 
I followed the instructions carefully 
(I’m no beginner) and it turned out to be the worst mess I ever saw'. 

I phoned her the next morning and asked if perhaps she had left something out of the recipe. 
She screamed, “ That’s an insult! 

-.being happy just window- shopping. 

TM 8®g \X3tPat. OH.—All rights res®nun) 
€> Jo77 los'*ngoJ®8 Tim®® 
Z'ZS 

There must be something wrong with Joint mooting your stove.” and slammed down the 
. 
„ 
* < your stove, receiver. 

Now I suspect she DID leave so­ mething out. Was it wrong to call her? 
— Out IO Eggs And Lots of Cheese 

Dear Out: Souffles are delicate and capricious things. It may well have been your stove. I don’t feel you insulted her, however. She must have an awfully short fuse — poor thing. 
Lim its 

What’s prudish? What’s O.K.? lf you aren’t sure, you need some help. It’s available in the booklet: “ Necking and 
Petting — What Are the Limits?” Mail your request to Ann Landers, care of 
The Express, Box 2171, San Antonio, 
Tex. 78297. 

 is scheduled 

A joint meeting of the women of St. Andrew’s and Alamo Heights Unit­ ed Methodist Churches will be held Tuesday at IO a.m. 
The m eeting will bo held in the St. Andrew’s sanctuary. 
Mrs. Carolyn Huffman of Austin will review hee book, “Bloom Where You 
Are.” 
A luncheon will be hekj in Fellowship Hull foL lowing the review. Parti­ c ip a n ts are ask ed to bring a salad. The entree will be provided. 

Engineers wives to meet 

The Auxiliary to the 
Bexar C h a p te r of the 
Texas Society of Profes­ sional E n g in e e rs will meet at I p.m. Tuesday in the home of Mr. and Mrs.' 

W. H. Mullins. New of­ ficers will be installed. 
Following the installa­ tion, a merienda will be held fe a tu rin g special music. 

Dinner dance is scheduled 

North Star Mall • North Towne Plaza 
Hillcrest • Dellcrest • McCreless 

A gala evening of cock­ tails, dinner and dancirg 
F r id a y at San Antonio 
Country Club will pre­ cede the Fourth Annual 

Symphony Benefit Tennis 
Tournament. 
The tourney will be held Saturday, May 7, ut 
McFarlin Tennis Center. 

Pre-Season SALE! 

5-Piece 
Dining Set 

Regular 27'J.OO 
■229 

Every summertime meal ran have a "party touch" 

 with this care-free dining 

 set. 42-inch mesh top. in choice of antique green or 

 lemon ice. 

Cushioned Chaise Lounge 
-144 

For relaxing or sunning. Ant. 
Green or Lemon lee. Reg. 
179.oo. 

High Back Spring Chair 

Extremely comfortable! Ant. 
Green or Lemon le e finishes. 
Reg. 79.oo. 
59 

4-Piece 
Seating Group 

• Settee 
• 2 Chairs 
• Hound Cocktail 

Finely styled, built for comfort. 
Ant. Green or 
Lemon let*. 

Reg. 259.oo. *219 

OPEN DAILY IO TO 6 

THURSDAY TIL 9 
TREND 
HOUSE 
Located in Colonies North Shopping Center: 
Take IH -IO North, exit at Wurzbach Road 

Master Charge 

• BankAmericard 

9o-D ay Charge 

Top Teen contest 

Enter your Top Teen today in the Express­ io ns Outstanding Teen-ager contest. 

Nomination must be made by 5 p.m. 
Wednesday, May 4. 

I he boy and girl chosen from your letters will receive a $5o U.S. Savings Bond and a recognition plaque. 

AND this year — for the first time — both will be awarded a $1,ooo college scholarship. 

The scholarships are being given by Skil- lern’s Drugs, which has 12 stores in San An­ tonio. Skiljern's also will award $1,ooo scho­ larships to three runners-up. 

Each year since 1958 the Express-News has recognized the Top Teen boy and girl who possess qualities of understanding, judgment, friendliness, scholastic ability and community and school involvement. 

Any student in grades nine through 12 in any 
Bexar County High School may be nominated. 

Any Bexar County resident may nominate the teen of his choice. The letters may come from parents, cousins, pastor, friend, boss, etc. 

Tell us those qualities which make your teen special. 

Those writing letters nominating the two 
Top Teens each will receive a $25 savings bond. 

Letters of nomination must be brought or mailed to the Women's Department of the 
Express-News, third floor of the Express- 
News, Avenue E and Third Street. 

Address letters to Outstanding Teen-ager, 
San Antonio Express-News, Box 2171, San An­ tonio, Tex. 78297. 

The teen-ager’s name, parents’ or guardians’ names and a telephone number where the teen or a member of the family can be reached during the day should be included. 

Festivals set for May Day 

On Sunday, May Day, a number of festivals will be held in various sec­ tions of our city and in our area. 

ST. STENISLAUS 
CATHOLIC CHURCH 
St. Stanislaus Catholic 
Church, second oldest 
Polish parish in the 
United States, will hold its 1oth annual home­ coming festival Sunday in the Bandera Recrea­ tion Center in Bandera. 
A beef barbeque dinner will be served beginning at 11:3o a.m. In the af­ ternoon, a dance will be held with music by 
Kountry Rhodes. 
Commemorative plates and tiles will be sold. 

ST. PATRICK S 

CHURCH 

St. Patrick’s Church will have a Maypole Day 
Festival Sunday on the church grounds. 
A barbeque chicken dinner will be served be­ ginning at ll a m. Festi­ val with food booths, games, rides and re­ freshments will continue until 9 p.m. 
Chairmen for the festi­ val are Mr. and Mrs. 
Obie Robinson. 

ST. JA M ES SCHOOL 

St. James School will hold Western Days Fes­ tival Sunday on the school grounds, begin­ 

 ning at ll a.m. 
A barbeque chicken dinner will be served. 
Entertainment will be­ gin at I p.m. with Rick 
Munoz and the Infinity 
Orchestra and Ben San­ chez and his Orchestra. A free dance will be held beginning at 8 p.m. with music by Pete and the 
Artistes. Laie Astel and wife, Susie Mejares will also entertain. 
Western Days king and queen coronation will be held at 5 p.m. 

TERESIAN SISTERS 

Henry de Osso Catholic 
School, Teresian Sisters, will hold its annual spring festival Sunday on the school grounds. 
Seiving of barbeque chicken dinner begins at ll a.m. 
Festival will feature a variety of foods and be­ verages, games, enter­ tainment, flea market, arts and crafts and hand work. 

ST. 
MARY 

M AGDALEN’S SCHOOL 

St. Mary Magdalen’s 
PTC will hold its annual 
May festival Sunday from noon until 9 p.m. on the church grounds. 
Food, games, a giant auction, plant booth and flea market will be open. 
An arts and crafts show is planned with artists from all over the city. 

Leonard’s Colonial Shoppe 

Lasting' build che 

SHOWCASE OF AMERICAN TRADITION 

 omanllSkop 

KMM I MPMA U V A I m c L IMM 
: 
Half and Large Size fashions 

S1ZKS 38 lo 52 
Shower her with flowers 
Dainty pai-tcl flowers on 

 background of .soft bit e nylon trirot brr 
(coping or lounging. A alt/, length gown, #12, id a matching robe, 
16. Also available in a 

»v doll pajama, #15. 
Middendorf 
)KDER BV MAIL OR 
MIONE 2254161 
5'. Lax and for Handling 

N O W , W H E N YO U CAN G IV E HER A REAL 
GIFT TO USE A N D CHERISH FOR YEARS, W H AT 
W ILL IT BE? Take your inspiration from this selection of lasting gifts. Begin building tomorrow s memories this M O TH ER’S DAY. Be a love, spread yourself, splurge for Mom! Perhaps nothing would be so enjoyable for her as a new, comfortable rocking chair. O r a beautiful silver chest to hold her treasured silverware and accessories. O r a plant stand to display her indoor plants and flowers. Other Gifts are here 
. . . an inspiration-filled 

M i e s . 
/ 

 treasure trove of them. A beautiful lamp to put new shine in her decor. O r an etagere to show off her treasures. O r a new sofa, free of the scars of the active family she raised. 
A Mother’s Day gift from a furniture store adds to her appreciation. Your love is ever-present when you give her a major gift. W e ’ve taken 
YO U R need seriously. Come see. And if you take 
M other’s Day seriously, we predict you’ll be happy about it for many a year. 
C O M E EXPLORE. This year make Mother s Day wonderful for the BOTH of you. 

Hammary’s Queen Anne Silver Chest will add jewel-like 

 elegance to any room. Our precious heritage of the I 8th 

 century is authentically captured in simple symmetry of line, 

 gleam of grain, and glow of hardware. You'll be delighted 

 with the soft lustre of solid cherry finished with a rich brown 

 tone. The craftsmanship is matchless in authentic detail . . . 

 a perfect gift for the home. 

REG. 264.95 

NOW 

Memories are built around comfortable chairs like 

 these. Named for Josiah Bartlett, one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, this rocker is a 

 faithful reproduction of a prized antique. The contoured 

 frame is solid maple with a rich, dark brown finish. 

The seat and back are of a closely woven natural cane. 

Begin your memories today as your rocker becomes 

 an integral part of your fam ily’s traditions. It will welcome, 

 so joyfully, the newlyweds to their first home. Lovingly it 

 will cradle the first baby or the first grandchild. It will serve 

 as the vantage point for story-telling or fireside chatting. 

BUILD TO M O RRO W ’S FUTURE TODAY 

Leonard’s Colonial Shoppe 

SHOW CASE OE AMERICAN TRADITION 

 l O m COACHLIGHT— ONE MILE NORTH OF LOOP 4 1 o -3 4 1 -2 2 2 5 
OPEN DAILY ’TIL 5:3o— THURSDAY ’TIL 9:oo 

WE WILL BE CLOSED FOR INVENTORY M O N D A Y , M A Y 2ND 

199 

REG. 132.oo 

NOW 
99 
95 

 peasantry patchwork 

For lier lounging hours al home. ( lur cool ami comfortable long casual print with elasticized peasant neckline and handkerchief sleeves. In rn! or navy cotton/ polyester. 

ORDER UY M ML OR 
RHONE 225-1161 
\dd 5 lax and I ..SU fur Handling 

NO. M VIN VV K. / Mil l ru n DR. PL 
NORTH S I AR VI ALL / VV ON DHR LA 
Also in Corpii!" ( Jirisli anil Houston 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N EW S— Saturday April 3o I 9 7 7 
RTSA jock will host Night flight 

TV LISTINGS 

 lis tin g com piled hi 
Min lo* O ft to r im h td ky th e t* fovinow %t«fi®ti% and off swb|#<t to last mimH dtfM at. fit* newspaper is not rtspon stbl* who** lisftnqs ate in orror 

T h * Tom & Je rry / 

M um bly Show 

Jabberjaw 

Sylvester & 

Tw eety 

Clue Club 

The W oody 

W oodpecker Show 

The Pink Panther 

 la ug h & VS 

Mister Rogers' 

Neighborhood 

Scooby D o e / 

Dyno m utt Show 

Sesame Street 
Bugs B u n n y/ 

Roadrunner Hour 

Radio personality Lee 
Randall is going to leave his home base and move over to television tonight. 
Wait. This is not a per­ manent move, fans. He’ll be back in his regular seat next week. Maybe a little sleepy-eyed for having spent a long Sa­ tu rd ay night-Sunday morning as guest host of television’s “ Nightflight 
‘77.” But he’ll be back, nevertheless. 
“ Nightflight ‘77” is the all-night program of old movies and episodes of 
“ Wild, Wild West” and 
“ The 
M illio n a ire ,’’ which is now being shown on KENS-TV. It really comes on the air at 
I a.m. Sunday morning following Channel 5’s 
“ Big Show.” Other cities carrying this program in the state include Dallas, 
PT. Worth, Austin and 
Houston. 
It has been on the air just a few weeks now but has become so popular with viewers that plans are being made to make it a F rid a y -S a tu rd a y night late show, too. 
Guest host 
But back to Lee Ran­ dall. “ This will be my first tim e on television for some time,” said the popular RTSA program director and disc jockey. 
“ My phone rang and it was B arry Kaye, pro­ ducer of the show from 
Houston. He said, ‘Hey, how would you like to host the show?” ’ 
Randall didn't take too long in saying yes to the idea and he says he is looking forward to the early morning show. 
“ It’s sort of a ‘Tonight 
Show,’ said Randall dur­ ing our conversation. 
“ There is a perm anent host with a guest host which is a disc jockey from one of the stations around. There is a con­ te st going on in each show. We talk to viewers by phone. It will be in­ teresting for me to talk to viewers from PT. Worth, where I worked for five years.” 
“ I have B.W. Steven­ son lined up to be on the show ,” Randall contin­ ued. “ His is a kind of acoustic m usician. A kind of folk-rock music.” 
The disc jockey said that 
Stevenson’s music will be live on the show. 
Texan 
When asked where he was born, Randall com­ mented: “ I am kind of a 
Texan. I was born and grew up in Denver, but I have worked so long in 
Texas, I feel I am a Tex­ an. I have just built a home in Thousand Oaks here.” He said he worked in PT. Worth from 1968 until 1973, then came to 
San Antonio and RTSA. 
Besides his on the air chores, Randall serves as program director of the station. “ PT>r the past seventh or eighth rating period now, RTSA has been No. One in San An­ tonio,” he said proudly. 
When asked how he got into the radio business in the first place, Randall said it all began in high school. “ I becam e the high school corres­ pondent for a disc jockey when I was a jun­ ior. My first radio station was in Montrose, Colora­ do. And I worked at others while I was going to college at the Univer­ sity of Denver.” 
He said he was in and out of college for several y ea rs, but finally f in - 

M em orial Trophy, the most prestigious prize in collegiate ath letics, is awarded each year to the nation’s outstanding col­ lege football player. It is determined by a ballot of the nation’s sports- writersand sportscasters, and p resen ted by the 
Downtown Athletic Club of New York. 
In past years, the win­ ner of the 
H eism an 
Trophy was announced in advance of the presenta­ tion. This time around, that will all be changed. 
It was in 1973 that win­ ner John Cappelletti de­ dicated his trophy to his younger brother, Joey, who was strick en with leukem ia. J u s t a few weeks ago, CBS had a d ram atic special, “ So­ m ething for Jo e y ,” on the life of John and Joey. 
It was rated the top show of the week in the r a t­ ings. 
★ ★ ★ 
Again in sports: Cicely 
Tyson has been signed to s ta r in 
“ W ilm a,” a 
9o-minute dram atic pre­ sentation based on the true life story of Wilma 
Rudolph. It will be shown on 
NBG d u rin g the 
1977-78 season. 
Written and produced by 
Bud 
G reen span , 
“ W ilm a” will tell the 

T a rza n , lo rd 

 of the Jungle 

New Adventures 

 of Batm an 

Speed Buggy 
Capulina 
8 p . m . ,Ch. 41 
The Kroffts 

Supershow 

Monster Squad 

Infinity Factory 
S h a za m / 

Isis Hour 

Space Ghost/ 

Frankenstein Jr. 

Big Jo h n , 

 little Joh n 

Super Friends 

Coco Drila 

Bertica Cornejo 

ABC Short 

Story Specials 

American 

Bandstand 

Carrascolendas 
Ara Parseghian s 

Sports 

Outdoors 
Crockett s 

Victory Garden 

CBS Children's 

Film Festival 

The Great 

TV Auction 

Featured guests 

 and merchandise 
Bv Leona Pappas 
* 
TY Edit ol­ la Voz del 

Eva n g e ls 

El Show 

 de Carmita 
LEE RANDALL 
...TV host very hum an story of a physically handicapped black child, her fight to overcome her handicaps and h er triu m p h in achieving fame and glory by w inning th re e gold medals in the 196o Olym­ pics in Rome. 
Miss Tyson will play the role of W ilm a’s mother, Blanche. 
The distinguished ac­ tress is best known on television for her out­ standing performance in 
“ The Autobiography of 
Miss Jane Pittman,” for which she was awarded two Emmies. The actress was also nominated for an Academy Award for her role in “ Sounder.” 

 come from 

Bastrop, 

San Antonio, 

Round Rock, 

Com m unity 

Report 

Dragnet 

Kidsworld 
Grandstand 

Major league 

Baseball '7 7 

Houston Astros 

Saturday Matinee 

M an Called ished up. “ In 1968 I went to KFJZ in Ft. Worth. I met my wife in Ft. Worth and have two little boys. 
Michael is five and Wes­ ley is almost four. They are neat.” 
Randall said he used to do television c o m m e r­ cials but because of a hunting accident had to quit that. However, he is now back doing one that is running here for the 
San Antonio Symphony. 
“ I think it would be fun to do more television,” the radioman said. 
Most of Randall’s time is spent at the radio sta­ tion, he says. “ I am at 
RTSA all day long, from 
8:3o in the morning until 
6:3o at night. And I work on S a tu rd a y s, too. We just built our new home and I enjoy that. I am a cactus collector and have a big cactus garden. 
“ I am the official plant doctor at RTSA. People bring in their plants and 
I try to make them well.” 
★ ★ ★ 
As everyone knows, 
NBC has been awarded the coverage of the 198o 
Moscow Olympic Games. 
In order to get ready for this mammoth event, the network has been ad­ ding names to its sports staff. One of its latest editions is Geoff Mason, who was the key organi­ zational force as coordin­ ator of all production for 
ABC’s M unich, In n s­ bruck and 
M ontreal 
Olympic coverage. Ma­ son moves over to NBG as vice president, European production. 
All-Pro running back 
O .J. Sim pson has also been signed to an exclu­ sive co n tract by NBG. 
U nder his co n tract he will be w orking the 
Olympics, plus produce and s ta r in som e NBC 
World Premiere movies. 
Along with the Moscow 
Olympic contract, NBG has agreed to telecast the championship events of the AAU Ju n io r O lym ­ pics this year. Tentative dates for these telecasts are August 13 and 14. 
NBC’s coverage of the 
Olympics in Moscow will span 16 days, and the 15o hours of television time will double the 75 hours of TV coverage allotted to the 1976 O lym pics in 
Montreal. 
★ ★ ★ 
Over in the sports de­ partment of CBS, it has been announced that this time around the Heisman 
Trophy will be presented to the winner during a television special broad­ cast on CBS. 
It will be broadcast for the first tim e on te le ­ vision as a live e n te r ­ tain m en t and aw ards special late in the fall from New York. 
The 
H eism an 

Carmito Jim enez 
Wildlife 
Blanco 

Seguin, 

Georgetow n 

Flintstone' 
: O O vs. Pittsburgh 

1 5 
Pirates 

3 o 
4 5 

Cine del Sabado 

" I qs Anos 

V e rd e s' 

Enrique lizalde 

Elvira Q uin tan a 

Tha t Good Ole 

Nashville Music 

(BS Sports 

Spectacular 

Fanfarria 

Falcon 
; O O 
Houston Open 

1 5 
Golf 
3 o 

4 5 

Sol y 

Pim iento 

Oscar Zam ora 

 is host 

Eyewitness News 

Sylvan Rodriguez 

CBS Evening 

News 

Outdoors with 

Ken Calloway 

 lucho Libre 

(W restling) 

The law rence 

Welk Show 

TV 4 Big News 

Nancy Runnels 

Wild, Wild World 

 of Anim als 

Blonsky s Beauties 

Nancy W alker 

Fish 

Abe Vigoda 

Aqui Esto 

Leopoldo Fernandez 

The M ary Tyler 

Moore Show 

The Bob New hart 

Show 

NBC Saturday Night 

 at the Movies 

"Airp ort 19 75 '' 

Charlton Heston 
G u e st sta r Jim N a b o r s joins C aro l 
B u rn e tt in a m in i-m u sic a l sa lu te on 
“The C arol Burnett Sh o w ,” ton igh t at 
9 p.m. on K E N S-T V . 

Starsky & Hutch 

David Soul 

Paul Michael 

Glaser 

 la s Aventuras 

 de Capulina 

Chespirito 

All In The Fam ily 

Carroll (J Connor 

All s Fair 

Richard Crenna 

Karen Block 

George Kennedy 

M yrna lo y 
W IN TW O 
TICKETS 
TO SEE 
IH E 
C a p t a in 
"■^Tennille 

F R O M THE 
EXPRESS & NEWS! 

Arriba el Teton 

Musical variety 

Future Cop 

M Shannon 

E. Borgnine 

Joh n Amos 

The Carol 

Burnett Show 

Mysteries from 

Beyond Earth 

Lawrence Dobkins 

 is narrator 
TV highlights 

Box de Mexico 
NewsWatch 

Rene Gon zale z 

Superstar Cinema 

“ 3 :1o to Yu m a'* 

Eyewitness News 

Sylvan Rodriguez 

Star Trek 

William Shatner it a.in. (Ch. 12) - ABC 
SHORT STORY S P E ­ 
CIALS - “ Homer and the 
W acky D oughnut M a­ chine” is the story of 
Homer, who tries to help his Uncle Ulysses attract business to his sm all cafe by fixing the dough­ nut machine. He acci­ dentally reverses gears so that the machine goes wacky producing thou­ sands of doughnuts in a matter of minutes. Stars 
J e s s e W hite, M ichael 
Leclair and David Doyle. 

TV-4 Big News 

Nancy Runnels 

(11:3 o ) Big Show 

"D e fia n t O nes" 

Ton y Curtis 

( I ) N igh tflight '7 7 
(12 ) Sign O ff 

 neighborhood bar. 
11:3o (Ch. 5) -BIG SHOW 
- Tony Curtis and Sidney 
Poitier star in “ The De­ fiant Ones. White and 
Negro, chained together at the wrists, escape a chain gang. Their mu­ tual hate of racial differ­ ence disappears as they struggle together to sur­ vive. 

 as guest p erfo rm er. 
“ Millionaire: The Story of Nancy Malborough.” 
A spinster schoolmarm in a private boys’ school receives a $1 m illion windfall from an anony­ mous benefactor. Ellen 
Corby is featured. “ Wild, 
Wild West: The Night of the 
D ouble-Edged 
K nife.” Secret agent 
West discovers that an ex-general with g r a n ­ diose plans is really be­ hind m urders allegedly com m itted by Indians. 
Leslie N ielsen guest stars. 

11:3o 
(Ch. 
4)- 
OUTDOORS - Hungary with its lush countryside is the setting for Julius 
Boros’ return to the land of his forebears. 

12:3o a.m. (Ch. 4) - LATE 
SHOW - “ Island of Ter­ ror” stars Peter Cushing and Edward Judd. Two daring scientists embark on their way to kill mon­ sters which resemble gi­ gantic turtles. Sustained by hum an bones and blood, the “ silicates” run rampant on a small island, slaughtering and devouring the natives. 

12:3o (Ch. 12) - LATE 
MOVIE 
- 
“ P ort 
A frique.” Pier Angeli, 
Phil Carey and Dennis 
Price star. A soldier re­ tu rn s home to F ren ch 
Morocco to find his wife is dead. Seeking the killer, he finds that his wife was having an af­ fair. 

11:3o (Ch. 12) - AMERI­ 
CAN BANDSTAND - The 
Miracles, Andrew Gold and com edian 
Tom 
Dreeson are Dick Clark’s guests. 

3:3o (Ch. 5) - NIGHT­ 
FLIGHT ’77 MOVIES - 
“ The Green Cockatoo” s ta rrin g John 
Mills, 
Reno Ray and Robert 
Newton. 
A song-and- dance man in the British music halls gets involved with m urder, thanks to his conniving brother. 
“ Never to Love” sta rs 
M aureen O ’H ara and 
Adolphe Menjou. Shell­ shocked during WWI, a man escapes from an asylum and returns home to discover his w ife about to remarry. His daughter is actually faced with the h ard est decision - to marry or to take care of her father. 

Noon (Ch. 5) - THE CBS 
CHILDREN’S 
FILM 
FESTIVAL 
- 
“ What 
N e x t? ” A young boy nam ed 
Donald is knocked unconscious and when he recovers finds that he has the ability to predict events moments before they occur. (R) 

2:3op(5)NASHVILLE MUSIC 
Tops in Country Music(Adv.) 
I 
(Ch. 5) - NIGHT­ 
FLIGHT ’77 - RTSA disc jockey Lee R andall is host with B.W. Stevenson 

3:3o 
(Ch. 
5) 
- 
CBS 
SPORTS 
SPECTACU­ 
LAR - Chunichi Cup 
Competition at Nagoya, 
Ja p a n ; the 
World 
Frisbee Championships held at the Rose Bowl in 
Pasadena; and the Blue 
G ra ss S tak es at K en­ tucky highlight today’s action. 
Well, Steve Austin isn’t his real name. That’s the c h a ra c te r nam e of the 
“ Six 
Million 
Dollar 
Man.” His real name is 
Lee M ajors and h e ’s married to a lady named 
Farrah Fawcett-Majors. 
See? They do have the same name. 
★ ★ ★ 
Did Clint Eastwood star in a TV series before he became a movie star? 
Where can I write him? 
—Matt 
Yes, Clint co-starred for m any y ears in the popular old w estern series “ Rawhide.” Write 
Clint in care of his production com pany, 
Malpaso, The Burbank 
Studios, Burbank, Calif. 
915o5. 
★ ★ ★ 
My husband and I have a bet about whether 
Connie Stevens was on 
“ 77 Sunset Strip” or 
“ Hawaiian Eye.” I say she was on the latter. 
Who is right? —Sharon 

You are right. Connie played 
C ricket on 
“ Hawaiian Eye.” 
★ ★ *• 
My husband says Ro­ bert Blake was once Lit­ tle Beaver and I dis­ agree. —Mrs. C. 

Listen to your husband. 
B lake did play L ittle 

B eaver on the “ Red 
Ryder” series. 

Our family loves movie and TV trivia but we can’t recall the name of the series in which Leo 
G. Carrol played a ghost. 
Also, where could I write 
Gene Kelly? I’m still in love with a dance routine he did in “ Les Girls.” 
—Emily 

They’re bringing their super show to the 
Convention Center Arena on M ay I 7 and you can see it absolutely FREE if you’re one of our ten winners w ho’ll win T W O 
TICKETS EACH to the show! Just fill in the coupon below and mail it in. Then look in the Sunday Express-News on M ay 
I 5 for the names of the winners! 

AAUGER 

Cleans clogged Sewers and Drains B e st.. . 
LOWEST PRICES IN TOW N 
FREE ESTIMATES 
341-6124 

 cb R istia n 
R a d io 
The series was “ Top­ p e r .” W rite Kelly at 
MGM, Culver City, Calif. 
9o23o. 
2o TICKETS WILL 
BE GIVEN AWAY! 

MAIL TO: 
CAPTAIN & TENNILLE CONTEST 
Express and News 
P.O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78797 

9 (Ch. 5) - THE CAROL 
BURNETT SHOW - (R) 
Carol welcomes Jim Na­ bors, and along with cast regulars, they perform a soap-opera sa tire , 
“ M ary, 
M ary, 
Quite 
C ontrary, Quite Con­ tr a r y .” N abors solos with “ Let Me Be There.” 

ADDRESS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 

Glittering modern day skyscrapers may tower 5 o or even I OO stories. But what skyscraper could have the appealing beauty of this business building dating from the Galveston of a century ago? 
This building was restored by the Junior League of Galveston, the first restoration in The Strand project. 
GALVESTON 

Continued from Page IB 

 rooms and offices. There is another restoration for an old-fashioned ice cream p a rlo r and candy sto re . 
Customers will see the candy being made. 
But the appealing apartments here in a downtown area will interest San 
Antonians most. Most will be above ground-floor businesses. 
Nearly all apartment clusters have atriums — an open shaft rising to a skylight. 
We went to the apartment of Robert 
Lynch. Lynch was at work in the final stages of decoration. His unusu al apartment looks out on the harbor and, in clear weather, on ships going up the 
Houston ship channel. 
The most unusual business is at an historic address — 22o2 The Strand. 
Moody empire 
It was built in 1882. Once it was four stories bul the fourth came off in the 
19oo storm. It was in this building that the empire of W. L. Moody Jr. began. 
From this beginning came cotton factoring, private bunks, hotels and the giant American National Insurance 
Co. 
When “ Mr. Moody” died in 1954, there were estimates that his fortune topped $4oo million. 
Today the Moody Building houses lh** Strand Surplus Senter. 
The big, tin-ceilinged first floor is jammed from floor to ceiling with a strange assortment of mostly military goods from all over the world. 
A quick glance shows a Civil War bayonet sheath and an Air Force heli­ copter drop net — ‘‘makes a great swing” — Dutch army bush pants. 
French navy fall-front sailor pants and 
British riding breeches — British sai­ lor pancake hats and leather’Spanish army tankers helmets. 
There are thousands of items. 
‘Col. Bubble’ 
The proprietor is bearded, surplus- dressed “ Col. Bubbie” Reiswerg. 
“ And I’m a B. O. I.,” he added. . 
Then we learned how proudly any one who can wears that title — “ Born 
On the Island." 
From The Strand we went by the historic spot on Water street — now only a building foundation behind a high wire fence — that was Jean La- fitte’s base when he was the scourge of the Spanish M ain. Here he built 
Maison Rouge (Red House) and fur­ nished it in luxury from his booty. An upper floor had portholes for his can­ non. 
When the U. S. forced Lafitte to leave in 1821. he burned Maison Rouge. The foundation there now is of the building built on the cellars and foundation of 
Red House. 
Firsts 
The Galveston Chamber of Com­ merce takes pride in being one of the oldest chambers in the state. 

It was founded in 1845. 

Charles K. “Chuck” Lawrence, executive vice president, points out that Galveston has many firsts. 

The oldest newspaper in the state still being published Is the Galves­ ton News, started in 1842. 

The first convent in Texas was the 
Crsuiine Convent established in 
Galveston in 1947. 

Galveston has these Texas firsts 
— first .telegraph, with a 5o-inilc line to Houston in 1854 — first gas lights in 1856 — first mule-drawn street cars in 1868 — first telephone in 1878 — first electric lights in 
1888. 

There are a number of businesses that are the first in their line still operating in the state — a real es­ tate firm, a drug stofe, a furniture store, a building and loan associa­ tion and the oldest Ford agency dating before 19oo. 

And how about this? 

Galveston golfers in 1898 started playing at the first golf course and country club in Texas. 

^GLOBE 

Clip and Save . . A g On These One - Day Values! 

From Water street, we drove to the docks where a young Negro boy once worked — and from Galveston went on to fame. 
He was Jack Johnson, son of a Gal­ veston school janitor. Johnson — “ LU 
Artha” — on Dec. 28, 19o8, in Sydney, 
Australia, knocked out Tommy Burns and became “ Heavyweight Champion* of the World.” 
Johnson took part in one of the most ballyhooed fights of all time in Reno, 
Nev., on July 4, 191o. Jim Jeffries, the big former champion came out of re­ tirement as a “ Great White Hope.” 
Among newspapermen covering the training camps and the fight was Jack 
London, who wrote the classic “ The 
Call of the Wild.” 
Johnson toyed with J e ffrie s and knocked him out in the 15th round. 
Johnson went on to fight in England and France and became a well-known figure on the boulevards of Paris. 
Johnson, who picked up some of his skill on the docks of Galveston, was recognized as one of the cleverest fighters — with a left jab that experts say has never been matched. 
He lost the title to Jess Willard in 
H avana. Cuba, in 1915. W illard knocked him out in the 28th round. 
Johnson was killed in an automobile accident in Raleigh, N. C., in 1948. 
At 35th and Avenue O is a m arker to another Galveston man whose name is a household word across much of the world even today. 
Borden arrives 

He was Gail Borden Jr. , a native 
New Yorker, who came to Galveston island on Christmas Eve 1829. He was a newspaper editor, map-maker, public official and super land salesman. 
But it was as an inventor that he got lasting fame. The Texas Handbook tells the story. 
One of his first inventions was a 
“ locomotive bath house” — so modest women could bathe in the Gulf. Then cam e a “ tc rre a q u eo u s m a c h in e ” which was a sort of prairie schooner that could travel on eith er land or water. 
He developed a dehydrated flour and meat biscuit that he merchandised at home and abroad. It failed in a big way. 
Then Borden hit the jackpot! In 1853 he came up with a process for con­ densing milk in a vacuum. It was one of the greatest food inventions of all time. It soon sold around the world. 
The giant Borden Company gets its name from this beginning. 
There are so many things about 
Galveston. Brink took us for a tour of the East End Historical District. There ' are a score of homes there that would be outstanding in any other city. 
Bishop’s Palace 

Then in the afternoon Bonnie and I visited three homes that are open to public tours. First was the Bishop’s 
Palace, a majestic four-story, many- turreted structure seven years in the building. 

Magnificent as is the outside, the interior is even more striking. There is a chandelier from Venice, damask wall coverings from London and a marble fireplace from Italy. The Mexican silver, onyx and satinwood mantel in the ballroom, once valued at $1o,ooo, now is priceless. 

It was built by Col. Walter Gresham and completed in 1893. Col. and Mrs. 
Gresham gave parties attended by as many as 1,ooo guests. 

The Catholic Diocese bought it in 
1923 as the Bishop’s home. 

Ashton Villa, built in 1859, is no less glittering. The Historical Foundation here shows a film of the 19oo storm that no viewer can ever forget. 

Then there is the Sweeney-Royston 
House, built in 1885. In it is a 1o-room 
Victorian doll house with parquet floors, stain ed glass windows and electric lights. 

But wonderful as all these are, it is the little things that make Galveston a 
“ city with a difference.” 

Take that nondescript building down near the docks with this sign over its door: 

VALUABLE 

W 
W reg. 1.27 
Arrid X-dry antiperspirant 
. 'N 
Regular/unscented/light 
* (8 8 powder 8 oz. Limit 2 r n 

 u u u p y i i g u w j * p n i aw , 
/ o n ly . 

 with 

 coupon f t 
429 
I reg. 1.99 
Sea & Ski lotion or oil 

4M 
<7<f 

Coupon good April 3o,1977 only 

 l l 
MHi 
'reg. 1.58 f) 
Cepacol mouthwash 
I*iii 
Price re tie d * 5o* off ta- 
’> bel. 32 oz. Limit 2. 

Coupon good April 3o,1977 only. r-: "- 

Sylvania 
Flip Flash 

2/ $1~ t 
Globe '*’ ‘7 
?! disposable t lighters 
% 

Thousands ot lights 

Coupon good April 3o.1977 only 
P 

A vjw jJIC A a iT S .E S 

 f t coupon reg. 1.69 
J I) 
Gunk 
£> engine brite 

America s No 
I engine cleanser 
R ead yiouse 

Coupon good April 3o,1977 only, 
*! r n 

El 4W B i ™ htv 
A 
88* - % 
JJE; f 
O 
I # m. rn 
J * 
“ 
I 
' 
Vaseline 
I* 

 a iiisaiia intensive care V 
* 
E P a lotion f t 
■KWH 
Regular/herbal. IO oz. 
<Jgt 

Coupon good April 3o,1977 only. 
W 
■ 
B ’i i f • - E 
H 
C 
. ' i i f ' Q 

 rmmn. 
971 

Coupon goo* 

 with 
I coupon 

 reg. 1.37 j 

 charcoal briquets & 

1o-lb. bag. Clear burn- W ) 

Ing. Easy to start. 

O T rn rn coupon 
JR) 
Mm m reg. 434 
T 

*i o § 'WW ow isopropyl k, alcohol j j 

VALUABLE 
Q 
. 4 1 * - , 
I-. 
^ 
J I se 

I disposable y * i 

 v ^ .Johnson’s 

 f t with 
9 coupon 

^ mg. tjtsy ionian. 
■ 
C 16-oz 
977 only 

 daytime 24’s 

2« e*tra absorbent, disposable die- 

2 4 d a y ! I m * pets nom johnson No plastic pant* r or pins needed Tape labs 

7o4o25, Copyright, Globe Stores, Inc. Prices effective thru April 3o,1977. W e reserve the right to limit quantities 
BankAmericaro 

 as. 
‘Fraternal Order of Cajuns of Tex- 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
•238 Military Drive 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 

ASSURANCE THAT fWjp 
-O ur prescriptions ere low priced I ' , 

' p re s c rip tio n b o ttle a n d re c e ip t w e e 
O ur prescriptions ere low priced ll , o u ' " d e 'owe* puce prescription trip le end receipt we win refund f ie d in e rei 
During the ed pel Hid we m a tc l' ell t a m p e lite ," » one tit 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Satutday April 3o 1977 
A rtist pokes fun at inept athletes 

F u s s 

C O N T IN U O U S S H O W S l l A .M . D A U T 
I lieut res or HAN 
AN TO N IO 
S N O W M 
G 
H & n 

 r o t f / N i S T A L L N e w U N C U T S O U L T F I L M 
S X N 
W 
D 

U N IVERSA L 
C l i t I W IN * r n , . . 
V9$5 *N»f looker Act 

11 o o - 12:2 5 - 1:55 - 3 :2 o - 
5 : 5o -6 :2o - 7 :45 -9:15 
THE MOST 
SENSUOUS FILM 
I HAVE EVER 
SEEN! 

- In I n i 

S O U T H W E S T P R E M IE R E 

HYT 
339 W , lotmphm* 
7.33-1 ISS 

11:oo 12:2 5 - 1:5 o - 3 : 15- 
4 :45 -6 : 15- 7:4 5 -9:15 
^liMuyc£4ice 
°kG>uA(U/L 

(X) 

 f t 

Bv BEN KING Jr. 
Artist Gary Patterson pokes fun at inept golfers and tennis players who stumble over the ball and they love it. 
In fact, during the past few years sports enthu­ 

 siasts have bought more than six million of his widely recognized brown-bordered prints. 
Patterson will be in two 
Joske’s stores Saturday to autograph his prints. 
From IO a.m. lo noon he 

M ANN T H tA T R IS 

C A V CENTRAL PARK 3 
■ 
Ai PANK cunpptfctr. 
B(fX T «A l AA** SHOPPING CINTI* 
1341 8283 
PAUL N E M A N IN 
SLAP SHOT” —r 
1 : 1 o - 3 : 2 o - 5 : 3 o - 7 :4 5 - 9 : 5 o 

'ir 

‘SHOULD 
|1 1:o5 2:oo 4 :5 o 
7:4o 1o:3o 
19Jo F re d *ricktb u tf Rd 
734 S I U 
. 
“UNDERAGE”*) 

A l l N E W F IR S T R U N IN S A N A N T O N IO 

/ . 
T H E Y T U R N E D T H E 

J f ) 
N E T W O R K O W N 
,,J 
“SHOULD 
. I Jooo 
SCHOOL r J L I! 
GIRLS 

4 G O T IO 
TILL” 
, 
(X) /V 
< H » V 

( 
■ 

K A I* H IH A U OAT 
A C R O SS ST R H I 
SAT 
SU N - W E EK D A Y S 
* F T H » IO R M 
A L A M O R A N K O A R A G I 

( $ I . S S T IU 2 oo PM) 
L A S T 
11: 1o- 1 o o - 2 :4 5 -4:35 
6 2 o 8 1 o - 1 o o o 
WEEK 

THC RC'5 ONLY O N € THING WRONG 
WITH THC DAVIS DABY... 

 iimm 

( A 1 . I S TIU 2 oo PM) 

"IV W / * I 1: 1o-2:2o-5:25-8:3o 
G O O S " 12:35-3 45-6 5o-1o oo 

IF IT S DEEN TOO LONG SINCE YOU'VE 
SEEN A REALLY GOOD MOVIE... 
SEE "ISLANDS IN THE STREAM” 

PQ'O'-KX-'-M P-Cfu'es Pf PSPT 

 hosed Upc* - t>n» Npvp; 

George C. Scott 

A Franklin J. Schaffner Film 
'Islands in the Stream 

A Bart/Palevsky Production 
Vreenpt.jv By Denne Bort Petitclerci 

G E N E R A L C IN E PZI A C O R P O R A T IO N 

 a u x i l 

S VV Md€ 
W6 I N O R T H S T A R 

D. a i IM 3S So 
O JA A S S I 

1:15-3:25-5:35 
7:45-9:55 

342-93o4 

1:3o-3:35-5:4o 
7:45-9:5o 

■ N O W P L A Y IN G - 

UA MOVIES 4 

1 :3 Q.3 .3 o -5 :3 o -7 :3 o -9 : 3 o 
UA CINE CINCO 
T :3 o -3 :3 o -5 :3 o -7 :3 o -9 : 3 o 
FOX CENTRAL PARK 

MON.-FRI. 7:45-9:3o 

SAT.-SUN.: 1.oo-3:4o-4:25-6:oo-7.45-9:3o 

! 
* 
J 

WHO 
IS THE 
LITTLE GIRL 
WHO LIVES 
DOWN THE 
LANE? 

EVERYONE 
WHO KNOWS 
IS DEAD., 

The Little Girl 
Who Lives 
Down The Lane 

SAMUL! I ARKO! I piespnts A/LV BRAUN PHOOUCTIUN 
JODIE FOSTER • MARTIN SHEEN ALEXIS SMITH 
MORT SHUMAN SCOTT JACOBY . 
"THE UHLE GIRL WHO LIVES DOWN T 'E LANE" 
AN AMI RHAN INTtHNAllONAl RlltASL 
PG 
CWOMCI SUMISIM t .bi Hi ve I’lmlyte- MAROLD GREENBERG S ALFRED PARISER 
Musk Suhch, MORT SHUMAN 
Ongi’i.ii Stoic CHRISTIAN GAUBERT 
Music fnht-.'ni INDUSTRIAL MUSIC • Si'Wnpldy bt LAIRD BOENIG h.i-.ed en " •. nuvel pfofltict'll bv ZEV BRAUN (PUN UMI by NICHOLAS GESSNER • Colin pouts by MUVItlAB 

WILLIAM SHATNER’S \ 

Oliver Reed • Deborah Raffin 
The Richest Town In The West 
Becomes Hell On Earth When 
The Madman Begins His... 

 will be in the downtown store and from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. heil be at the North 
Star Mall store. 
Characters 
The 35-year-old artist’s best known prints feature short, chubby characters experiencing the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat while playing amateur sports. 
For instance, a print entitled 
“ Weekend 
Player” shows one of 
Patterson’s bruised and battered characters soaking his feet after an apparently grueling ten­ nis match. 
But in another print called “ Winning Is Ever- 

GARY PATTERSON 
. . . poking fun 

 ything” the same char­ acter is skipping around the court with a Jimmy 

NORTHWEST-SIX F T 
12:4o 
L l 
3:oo 
5:2o 
7:4o 
1o:oo 

CENTURY SOUTH 
12:4o 
3:oo 
5:2o 
7:4o 
1o:oo 

BROADWAY 
1:oo 
3:1o 
5:2o 
7:3o 
9:4o 

S T A R R I N 
G 
(PG) 
JACK LEM M O N 
LEE GRANT 
BRENDA VACCARO 
N O B A R G A IN M ATINEE 

NOW PLAYING! 
AT BOTH THEATRES 
. 
FOX 
UA 
CENTRAL PARK 
I 
MOVIES 4 

F E A T U R E S 
I 
F E A T U R E S 
I 1o-3:2o 9:3o-7:45-9:55 
I 
12:3o-2:4o-4:55-7:2o-9:45 

“t h e f u n n ie s t 
NEW COMEDY OF THE YEAR.” 

-Vernon Scott. UNITED PRESS 

THUL NEWMAN. 

S L A P S H O T 

o UNIVERSAL PICTURE • TECH NIC O LOR’ [ R ] 

LACK SUNDA 

NSW MAJOR 
VIE MOTION iM f 
PIC TU RCS S/.oo. r ^ 
K 
_ 1 
H E A Y R E S O F S A N A N T O N IO J — 
^ 

“ FRIARY” 4:oo-7:31 

••GUS" 5:45-9:IS 

RIDS SI.OO ALWAYS 
ADULTS SI.OO 
UNTIL 5:oo 
AFT1R 5:oo-11.SO 
IM 1o a» W u rib o ch I 

S P E C IA L K IS S M I D N IG H T S H O W T O N IG H T 

• M O N T Y P Y T H O N A N O T H E H O L Y G R A U " 

O R IG IN A L U N C U T V E R S IO N C A N N O T B E S E E N O N T .V . 
WALT 

Annite! tot Herself today. neither is her mother 

WALT DISNEY 
P R O D U C T IO N S ' 
FREAKY 

P L U S 

DISNEY’S 
“GUS” 

RIDS SI OO ALWAYS 
ADULTS SI OO 
UNTIL 5:oo 
AFTER S:oo— $1 SO 
W O O D L A W N 
I & l l 
192o frederick »lM#ra Rd 
735-521 J 

LORDS 12:oo-3:3o-V 
7:oo-1o:3o 
"DRIVE' 1:45-5:15 
1:45 

THE^AND&Xvty 
TOGETHER AS THE 
LEADERS Or 
THE LORDS Of FLATBUSH' 

<o1 U M * A p r f 

CoumtM 
’•» if* I 
Httnm 

 k l 
S S 

C onte te e 'D riv e in ’ th eatre or near yuu i i 
P G 

RIDS SI OO ALWAYS 
ADULTS $1.oo 
UNTIL 5:oo 
AFTt* S:oo— SI SO l i s t . Houlton St. 

"EXORCISM" 1:45- 
SilS- M S 
"DUH" 12:oo-3:3o 
7:oo-1o:3o 
< 

CHOP AND CHIU SHOW 

“DUEL IN THE 
TIGER S DEN" (it) 
THE HOUSE 
OF 
EXORCISM 

 r 3£ telly SAVALAS 

RIDS $1.oo ALWAYS 

ADULTS SI OO 

UNTIL 5:oo 

ATTER 5:oo-$l.5o 

UN IVERSAL 
CHW IW IN 
1955 Hot looker Id 

1 2:o o -2 :o o - V 

4 :o o -6 :o o - I 
8.oo-1o:oo 

WERE SPACEMEN 
REALLY HERE! 
WILLIAM SHJffHHPS? 

CENTURY 
11:45-2:2o-4:55 
7:3o-1o:o5 

U.A. CINE CINCO 
1:45-4:25 
7:o5-9:45 

ABC WONDER 
1:45-4:2o 
6:55-9:3o 

Carter-size grin stretch­ ing over his face. 
“ The main thing about the prints seems to be they give the average person a chance to identify with someth­ ing,” Patterson said Fri­ day. 
Besides giving the public something they can identify with, the 
California native says, his prints are popular because of the over-all increased interest in sports. 
“ Sports have become a major frustration outlet for a lot of people and they take them very ser­ iously. 
“ So most of the prints are about tennis, golf and skiing since those are sports the average per­ son is interested in. Na­ turally I don’t do too many about football and baseball since they’re more specialized,” he explained. 
Understanding 
The artist explained the key to turning out succesfu) prints people will identify with is to fully understand the sport. 
So when he recently wanted to draw a few hockey-related prints, 
Patterson strapped on the necessary pads and skates and glided out on the ice and tried batting around a puck. 
Patterson won several awards for his editorial 

“ LIN IN G UP,” one of Gory Patter­ son’s prints, epitomizes the playful w ay he identifies with the average golfer. 

 cartoons in campus newspapers before 197o, when he formed Thought 
Factory, which distributes his Pro Gra­ phic prints. 
And while Patterson’s prints aren’t considered in the same league with art found in museums, he’s still pleased when he sees where some of his works are displayed. 
“ Sometimes ITI find one of the prints tacked up next to a Renoir or 
Picasso in someone’s home and i t makes me feel pretty good to be in 

U S E S 

WONDER 2 

I 
IIh UiiIiaU Mwppm (ny 
737 III? 
| 

7:45- 
9:5o 

A haunting vision of reincarnation based on the best-selling novel 

• A W 

BORIN 1959 D IED 1964 BO R N 1964 

 a ROBERT WISE piouucihx' 
"AUDREY ROSE" 

MARSHA MASON 

JO H N BECK ANTHONY HO PKINS 

 ana nlioduCX'8 SUSAN SW I FTos ivy 
, III. IHI fit WM 

I M M M i s t i 

4 1 2 o N o co - P e rrin 
6 3 6 -3 4 5 4 

A M OTIO N PICTURE 

ODYSSEY INTO A 

TERRIFYING WOULD. . . 

DEATH M ACHINES 

 s.,. 
. K O N M A R C H IN I 
„ 
M IC H A E L C H O N G 
U t) t 
...• . R O N M A K I H IM 
PAI JI K Y K IA 2 I , Ui/ 
A C H O W N IN T E R N A M O N A ! # c o lo b P IC T U R E S R E L tA S I 
„ 

MON-FRI. 
7 :1 o - 9 :o o 
SAT.-SUN. 

1:5 5 - 3 :4 o - 5 :2 5 
7: 1 o - 9 :o o 

Callaghan Z 
Twin 
: 

DEATH IS CIRCLING 
CLOSER BY THE 
SECOND. . .W H O 
W ILL SU R V IV E? 

Pl C M IIX W K ! W i l d l y 
Mf M IOO FMBI Ka KNM* CUMM) 

M O N .-F R I. 7:3o-9 :o5 ; S A T .-S U N . 1:3o-3 :oo -4 :3o-6 :oo - 7 :3o -9:o5 

Westwood : 
Twin 
: JAWS 
MON.-mi. 7 :oo-9:o5 
SAT -SUN. 12:1 5 -3 :3o 
4:45 -7 :o o- 9:o5 

(PG) 

 that type of company,” he said. 
In addition to his sports prints Pattereon has started to turn out prints that take a humorous looks at various profes­ sions. 
One that has started turning up in dentist of­ fices is of a dentist smiling at a cowering patient before starting his work. 
“ Six or seven years ago the prints wouldn’t have sold because the public would have thought they were too sarcastic. 
“ But now things have changed and people laugh at themselves much more readily,” he, said. 

Puzo busy as writer 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 
LONDON — Mario Pu-’ zo, who is the co-author of the screenplay for 
“ Superman,” which is in production in London, soon will head for Rome. 
Puzo has written the screenplay for “ Seven 
Graves for 
Hogan,” which deals with spying in Nazi Germany. 
Production of “ Hogan” is to start in Italv in 
June. 

Triple job for Savalas 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 
HOLLYWODD — Telly 
Savalas has written the script and is starring in and directing “ Mati.” 
The suspense story concerns a psychiatrist who becomes personally involved in the problems of his patients. 
Diana Muldaur and 
Priscilla Barnes are in the cast. 
Filming is under way at Paramount. 

EVERY DAY'TM. 1:3o P.M.-51.5o 

George C. Scott 

A F rook Im J Schooner Film blonds in the Stream 

1 :3 o -3 :3 5 -5 :4 o (P G ) 
7 :4 5 -9 :5 o 

2:4o 
5:oo 
MS LANDED mf 

$1.oo A U 

1 :o o -5 :2 o -9 :4 o 

THE W AY 3x1o 

(PO W E W ERE 7:3o 

(LAN ARKIN 
R O BERT DOVAL! 
THE SEVEN-PER- 
CENT SOLUTION 
1 :1 o -3 :2 o -5 :3 o iS«] 
7 :4 o -9 :5 o 
................... 

Express-News: 
Want Ads 
:225-l 666= 

★ ★ 
★ 
★ 
(HIGHEST RATING' 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
BERT,PICTURE 
BfOducM hr M W N WINKLER WK) ROBERT CHARTOFF 
BEST 
DIRECTOR 
JOHN G AVIlDSfcN 
BEST FILM 
.EDEEN 

NEW LAUREL 
231o SAN REPKO • 736-4551 

The Aces 
On Bridge 
Bv IRA (,. CORN JR. 

“ Seeing is believing •- but feeling is the truth " -- Billy 
Moore 
In today's doubled slam. 
West became a believer as declarer ran his seven card suit. Gasping for air and dis­ cards. West took his only chance and bravely d is­ carded an ace but when declarer made his doubled overtrick. West really felt the truth. 
South's three no trump opening was a modern ver­ sion of the gambling no trump bid. It promises a solid seven card suit (usually a minor) and can act as a dou­ ble edged sword. If the oppo­ nents have the bulk of the high cards, the opening preempts at a very high level. And if partner has moderate strength, one might well steal a game after an er­ rant or lucky lead. 
Mike Cappelletti of Alex­ andria. Va. was at the con- 
•trbls in today’s thriller and when North gambled on a slam. West doubled the stakes betting that the gamblers were wrong. Unfor­ tunately, it was not West’s day but he does deserve an 
“ E '’ for effort. 
Declarer won the heart ace in dummy and ran seven club tricks, that meant that West had to hold on to five cards 
The heart queen was a must else dummy’s jack would be the 12th trick, so the choice was between discarding a diamond or the ace of spades. 
Judging correctly that he cbuldn't afford to discard a diamond (dummy's diamonds would run), West discarded the spade ace in hopes that 
East held the spade king. 
One would think that West had suffered enough for one 

WEST 
♦ A 4 2 
9 K Q 6 5 3 
♦ J IO 7 5 
♦ J 

NORTH 
♦ Q IO 5 3 
♦ \ .M 
♦ A K y 2 
*95 
EAST 
♦ JOO 
V 9 8 7 2 
♦ 8 4 3 
♦ IO 3 2 
SOUTH 
♦ K 8 7 
9 IO 
♦ 96 
♦ A K (J 8 7 6 4 

V u l n e r a b i l i t y : None. 
Dealer: South, The bidding 

South 
West North 
East 
3 NT 
Puss HNT 
Pass 
Pass 
Dbl 
All pass 

Opening lead: King of hearts. 

 hand, but Cappelletti applied the crusher. Next he cashed the king of spades and West could choose another “ ace” to throw away. 
Six no trump doubled with only one overt rick -- it does seem as if Wests punishment was far more than fit the 
“crime." 

Bid With Corn 
South holds: 

♦ \ 4 2 
4 .111 a 
♦ K q 6 5 I 
♦ I IO 7 5 
+ .1 

North Mouth 
I* 
I* 
Answer: Two diamonds. A change of suit by responder forces for one round and opener’s next bid should point the way to the best contract. 

R ecital tonight at IW C 

Tile recently formed 
San Antonio Camerata 
Chamber Orchestra of 
Incarnate Word College will present a recital at 
8:15 p.m. Saturday in the 
IWC Auditorium. 
The recital’s program will include 
Bach’s 
“ Brandenburg Concerto 
No.2 in F .” 
Admission is free and the public is invited. 
The 23-member or­ chestra is conducted by 
IWC alumna Mary Henry who also holds a master’s degree in conducting from Southern Methodist 
University. 
The concert will also include works by Britten, 
Strauss and Boyce. 

Sensibility seen elusive at art show 

By ROBERT TIEMANN 
EXPRESS-NEWS ART CRITIC 
AUSTIN - The Wo­ men’s Show in Austin does not give evidence there is a women’s sensibility in art. 
It does prove there are and have been many ex­ cellent women painters, and their work is on ex­ hibit through June 12 at the University of Texas 
Art Museum. 
With all this attention, it will be interesting to see whether or not 
Women will succumb to the mistake of Mexiean- 
Americans and blacks fey forcing a self-consciously contrived sensibility on their art. 
In light of this potential dilemma, some out­ standing women artists 
— such as Agnes Martin, 
Helen Frankonthaler, and Louise Nevelson — have refused to partici­ pate in this kind of show. 
It is interesting that 
Georgia O’Keefe refused to. allow any of her erotic flower paintings to be exhibited lest they be construed as female-type paintings. 
Aside from these omis­ sions, “ Women Artists . . 
. 155o-195o’’ is probably the most complete cata­ loging of female artists ever assembled. 
With paintings from 
European as well as 
Kennedy, 
Lenz stars 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 
HOLLYWOOD 
- 
George Kennedy and Kay 
Lenz will star in “ Mean 
Dog Blues.” 

Filming of the prison drama is scheduled to start in May. 
Lollipop 
Picasso 

Review 

American collections, many important artists are represented, includ­ ing Mary Cassatt, Sonia 
Delaunay, Frida Kahlo, 
Natalia Goncharova, and 
Berthe Morisot. 
The show is a novelty because all the paintings are made by women; but mere novelty is trans­ cended because the ma­ jority of paintings are of outstanding quality. 
And, after all, quality is tile only issue in art. 

Schools’ concert 
Monday 

The North East School 
District will highlight 
National Music Week 
Monday with a presenta­ tion by its various con­ cert and junior orches­ tras. 
The concert will be gi­ ven at 8 p.m. Monday in the 
Roosevelt 
High 
School Auditorium, 511o 
Walzern Road. 

Among participating students are gold and silver medalists. 

The concert is free and open to the public. 

'Star T rek’ 

 due in fall 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 

HOLLYWOOD 
- 
Shooting of the film ver­ sion of “ Star Trek” is scheduled to start this fall. 

Fu 11 -1 i me p re - p rod u e - tion work has started at 
Paramount. 

Gene 
Roddenberry, who produced the tele­ vision show, is the pro­ ducer. 

•rides-games -fun* 
PLAYLAND MRK 

2222 rf. A L A M O at B R O A D W A ’ 

I 

 exhibit 

Incarnate Word Col- ge will open a unique 
I exhibit Monday, if it in keep the artists from iking their paintings tine to their parents. 
To be sure this preb­ ill doesn’t arise the 
•liege will have a gri­ lle showing Monday orning of its Lollipop icasso Exhibit for the tists’ parents. 
Tile show consists of urks completed by 65 
•tists ranging in age urn 3 to 5 ears okPwhile tending the Katherine van Child Development 
>nter laboratory school i the IWC campus. 
At the IO a.m. opening onday 
IWC 
Board lairman and artist Amy reeman Lee will speak i the philosophy of art related to the child. 
Dr. Lee took part in the hibit last year and was omptly named a Lolli- ip Picasso Emeritus. 
Unlike last year, hew­ er, the children’s irks are not for sale. 
The exhibit will be en to the public daily tm 8 a m. until 5 p.m., murhiv thrmii/h F riH n v 

Sotljbareij 

R e s t a u r a n t 
"WE'RE FROM CORPUS” 

BLACK FOREST 
STEAKS, SEAFOODS, 
AND WHOLESOME 
LUNCHES 
EXCELLENT 
COCKTAILS 

OPEN MORDAV FRIDAY 11:3o A.M.-ll P.M. 
SATURDAY 5 P.M.-ll P.M. 
9226 WURZBACH ROAD 

AT DATA POINT 
696-9114 

Turtle Creek 
Presents in the beautiful 
Celebrity Stage Ballroom 

VMM 
Anne Murray 
& 
Kenny Rogers 

TO G ETH ER-TH E 
G REA TEST 
TWIN 
B ILL EVER OFFERED ON A SAN 
ANTONIO STAGE. 
Wed. thru Sat. April 27, 28, 29 & 3o 
TWO SHOWS NIGHTLY 7:3o & IO P.M. 
$ 1o.oo per person. Call 696-56oo for Reserva­ tions or stop by Turtle Creek and choose your own table. All Seats reserved. 
Ask about the new Celebrity-Social Member­ ship Plan, As a new member you get free tickets to two big shows, and discounts to other shows. Plus many other exciting mem­ bership extras. 
Plan a complete evening: Lnjoy dinner from a special “ Show Time” menu and dancing to two bands after the show. 
Also appearing under separate ticket will be 
The New Christy Minstrels for your enjoyment before and after the show 

All proceeds from the 7:3op.m. show on 
4/28 go to the Northside Lions Club. 

T u rtle C ree k 
C o u n try C lu b 

383o Parkdale 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 3o 1977 

 e 

. o o 

Rudy Trevino, lecturer in painting at the Uni­ versity of Texas at San Antonio, has been selected as one of five Texas artists to represent the state in a national traveling art exhibition Trevino will show an acrylic paint­ ing in “ Rakes Antiguas-Visiones Nuevas" 
(Ancient Roots-NEW Visions). The exhibit was organized by Fondo Del Sol of W a ­ shington, D.C., and New York City. 

San Antonio College 
Chorale 
Cham ber Orchestra 

Theron Kirk, director 

Schubert: Mass in B-flat 
Contemporary Choral Music 

Sat., Apr. 3o 
7:3o p.m. 

McAllister Auditorium 
Tickets: $ l-$ 2 
Phone: 7 3 4 -7 3 ll, Ext. 246 

• /SOUTHWEST CONCERT PRESENTS 

AN ENTIRE EVENING WITH 
SHAWN 
PHILLIPS 
IN PERSON 

— T O M O R R O W NIGHT — 

SATURDAY, APRIL 3oTH 

O N C A M P U S AT LAURIE A U D I T O R I U M 
TRINITY UNIVERSITY 
ALL SEATS RESERVED AT 
6.5o 4- S/C 

/ A V A IL A B L E AT: 

JAM & JELLY GENERAL STORE 

& THE A R E N A B O X O FFICE 
I 
B E L O W THE BELT 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

FREE CONCERT 
May I 
7:3o pm 
Arthur MacArthur Field 
HARVEY BISKIN Conducting with 
The 5th Army Band 
Brass Section 
Fireworks 
Annual “ 1812 Overture” Concert 

T o n ig h t April 3o*/May 2t 
GUIDO AJMONE MARSAN 
Guest Conductor 
Beethoven 
Leonore Overture 
Stravinsky 
Firebird Suite 
Schumann 
Symphony No. 2 in C Major 
8:3o pm Theater for the 
Performing Arts t7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

May 7/9 
MAUREEN FORRESTER contralto 
FRANCOIS HUYBRECHTS guest conductor 

May 14/16 
BRYON JANIS, piano 
Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

Cygnets at Arneson 

The synchronized swimming talents of the- 
Cygnets of San Antonio will be featured at 5 p.m. 
Sunday in the Arneson 
River Theater. 
Originally scheduled to be a part of Fiesta Week, the 1977 Aquatic Extra­ vaganza will co-star the 
San Antonio College Folk 
Dancers. 

The synchronized swimming team, which is directed by Margaret 
Swan, won its fifth Junior 
National 
Team 
Championship in compe­ tition held in Houston in late April. 

Tickets are priced at $2 for adults and $1 for children. Proceeds will go to the travel funds of the two entertaining groups. 

★ ★★ 
Hundreds of elemen­ tary school students will be drawing pictures of their mothers for a spe­ cial contest being held at 
River Square market- 

— MW— "■■■............. I— MMP f 
Today at 
A 

N O O T H W E S T S I X 

R i o R a m b l i n g s 

 istarting May 8 and run- tning through May 14. 

Prizes will be awarded' 
, 
,u 
„ for the best pictures from 
•place in observance of Mother contest entries the Northside School 
Mother’s Day, will be displayed District elementary* 
The "Draw Your Own throughout the market schools. 
Registration due for craft classes 

MIO.* • 4 1o aff (.tteffMn lilt M4 4JI 

Chock dhptoy ad 
♦or tim # * a n d p o licie s 
“MYSTERIES OF 
THE GODS” 

“NASTY HABITS” 

“VOYAGE OF 
THE DAMNED” 

“AIRPORT 7 7 ” 

‘IT’S ALIVE” 

“THE SLIPPER 
AND THE ROSE” 

Registration opens 
Monday for an expanded program of classes at the 
Southwest Craft Center. 

The new curriculum offers day and evening sessions for beginners and advanced students in 
IO craft areas, plus four, special courses for chil­ dren. 
Adult classes, which will be held June I through Aug. 27, run the gamut from one-day workshops to courses varying from two to IO weeks. 

Today at 

C E N T U R Y S O U T H B 

I W Mil ». .tlMlSl. tic-CSII 

The classes include ca­ ligraphy, harness weav­ ing, rug-hooking, spin­ ning, embrodiery and metal casting. 
The summer semester will also include special 

 classes in beginner and intermediate guitar. 
For information, regis­ tration or free copy of the new summer semester brochure, telephone 
224-1848. 

Diana Ross in 'The Wiz’ 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 

NEW YORK - Diana 
Ross will star as Dorothy in “ The Wiz.” 

Sidney Lumet will dir­ ect the fantasy musical. 

Filming is acheduled to start in New York City in September. 

The production is said to be one of the most lavish musicals ever produced. 

“MYSTERIES OF 
THE GODS” 

“ISLANDS IN 
THE STREAM” 

“BLACK SUNDAY’ 

“THE LORDS OF 
FLATBUSH” 
“DRIVE IN” 

“AIRPORT 7 7 ” 

“IT’S ALIVE” 

The Jim m y cu ff 
1:35-5:oo-8:25 
,,.55.1 

P I U S ! 
3:2o- 
Y h C y 
6:45- 
1o:1o 
Come 
PIN K 
FLOYD’ 

STARTING SU N D A Y 
‘M O D ERN TIM ES” 
“ CITY LIGHTS” 

STARTING WEDNESDAY 

‘WALKABOUT” 
“ WHITE DAW N” 

Today at 
San Pedro 

SAINI P E D R O iMii Klim out boo* 

I** Ptdre et litten I t 
*94 MW 

“MYSTERIES OF 
THE GODS” 

‘EVIL IN THE DEEP” 

"LORDS OF 
THE FLATBUSH” 

“DRIVE-IN” 

 t i 

Check display 
^ od for times 

“IT S ALIVE” 

“THE HOUSE 
THAT VANISHED’ 

BARGAIN MAUNU 
DAUT IOU THEATRE 
CAPACITY fOR flRST 
PIRfORMANC! OMIT 

N O R T H W f S T i i i rn ie rn iw ii* «o t.* 

Today 4:15 
7:1o-1o:o5 

BARGAIN MAUNU 
DAILY IGR THEATRE 
CAPACITY fOR I 
M **JM 
PttfORMANCf ( 
KTFM 
[MIDNIGHT SHOW TONIGHT!! 

The incredible l*v story of the ship r I that shamed the world, 
VOYAGE)* the DAMNED 

TATI DUNAWAY 
MAX VON SYDOW 
OS KAI WHINER 
, Malcolm McDowell orson Wil l is james mason n«m«, “VOYAGE Or THI DAMNED" 

LIE GRANT 

 f*S KATHARINE ROSS n i REN GAZZARA es Treyer 

HABITS" 

A IA flS ly CSRMM f l TP WI I mmmtwmm? 
Keecveewe 

GLENDA JACKSON MELINA MERCOURI 
JERALDINE PAGE SANDY DENNIS ANNE JACKSON 
ANNE MEARA SUSAN PENHAUGON 

NORTHWEST SIX “ I 
CENTURY 

 ll2:oo-2:W-4:oo-6:oo-4:fflMQ:oo |l2:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:(>(>-8:oo-1o:< 
I 
VARSITY 
SAN PEDRO I 
TRAIL 

NO BARGAIN 
MATINEE 
NO PASSES m 18 at Im . 41# • " I * 

YO U ’LL FORGET EVERY LOVE 

STORY YOU EVER SAW . 

HURRY— WILL END SOON! 
Hie flipper and (hexose 

 l lic S t o r y o f C in d e r e lla 

STARRING 

’ RICHARD CHAMBERLAIN os The Prince 

DRIVEINS: 
IT S ALIVE 8:4o-12:1o 
VANISHED 1o:3o 

THE ONE FILM YOU SHOULD NOT SEE IT ALONE. 

THERES 

ONLY 

ONE 

THING 
WRONG 
WITH THE 

DAVIS 
BABY. . . 

I T V 

ORTHWEST SIXlCENTURY SOUTH] UNIVERSAL 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
I 12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
1 12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
I 6:oo-8 oo-1o:oo 
J 6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

■ m a ii ■];(■■ 
E E E E B M 

DRIVE-INS: 
“MYSTERIES" 8:4o-11:45 
“EVIL” 1o:25 

| p w - 

T o " " “THE HOUSE THAT VANISHED^ 

CENTURY 
LORDS 3:oo-6:35-1o:1o 
DRIVI 1:oo-4:35-8:1o 
WOODLAWN 
LOVOS 13:oo-3:3o.7:oo- 
OBIVE 1:43-5:13-3: 

SANPEDRO f 
MISSION 
| TOWN TWIN 
“ "AToRlvTiNr^TcSDrTrAa^Too^DS^ 

WHEN W A S THE LAST TIME 

G r S M E r i K I E r . A V C v o n A U l f V C Y ? 

WILLIAM SHATNER’S 

MORE EXCITING THAN 2oo1.. 
BECAUSE IT S HAPPENING NOW 

[PLUS 
AT 
1 
DRIVE-INS evil ..i THE DEEP” 
STARRING 
STEPHEN BOYD • ROSEY GRIER (PG) 

CHILDREN 

H U E Y H I 

OUTDOOR THIATRi 
•'FRIDAY" 8:4o- 
12:1o 
.IO * “.WL-, to,. 
*74 JU) 
“GUS" 1o-4X 
Agreat new 
COMEDY SWITCH from 
WALT DISNEY 
PRODUCTIONS' 

BARBARA HARRIS 

JODIE FOSTER 

TOWN IN THE 
WEST 
BECOMES 
HELL ON 
EARTH 
WHEN 
THE 
MAD m a n ; 
BEGIN 
HIS 

 trod Rd So of loop 41o 
734 719? 
8:4o-12:o5 
TEXAS 1o:35 
ASSAULT 
PARALYSE 
OLIVER REED DEBORAH RAFFIN (PG) 

The KWh M utt f a y or 
Rich Mw»t Diet n u > 
“GREAT 
TEXAS 
DYNAMITE 
CHASE” (PQ) 
JOHNNY CRAWFORD9 

“THE ABDUCTED BRIDE” 
(X) 
PIUS AN 

EROTIC COMEDY 
CoIostiRG tx) h's trite w h et th e v »ey about French M a id s ! 
PLUS 
THE SENSUOUS 
MOVIE OF THE 
L 

(X) 

Death Notices 

191—Deaths 

D O W N U M 
T 'S g t jo h n Lee D o w n u m , USAF 
(R e t.) o f S an A n to n io ) B o ssed a w a y in a lo c a l h o s p ita l T h u rs ­ day, A p ril 28, 1977 a i the age of 63 y e a rs. S u rv iv o rs : Sons, John ny 
W. D o w n u m , C ity , R a y m o n d L . 
D o w n u m , 
C o rp u s 
C h r is t i ; d a u g h te r, M a rg a re t A M itc h e ll, 
C ity ; s is te rs , M rs . H. S. “ L a u ra " 
M c C le lla n , 
M rs 
W in 
F . 
■ M ildred" S m ith, M rs . J. W. “ Sa­ ra h H e le n " T e rrill a n d M rs . J. C. 
“ B e v e rly " S e m lin g e r, a ll of San 
A n to n io , n in e g r a n d c h ild r e n ; n u m e ro u s n ie ce s a n d n e p h e w s. 
S e rv ic e s w ill be h e ld fro m th e 
D e llc re s t C hapel M o n d a y , M a y 2 a t 1o:oo a .m . w ith R e v . L e ro y 
D o w n u m o f fic ia t in g . T h e in te r ­ m e n t w i ll f o llo w m F o r t S a m 
H ouston N a tio n a l C e m e te ry w ith 
F u ll M i l it a r y H o n o r s . A r r a n ­ gem ents w ith 
Bellrreot 
WOO So. W W. W h ite 
337-4o82 

DUG GER 
M r, M e lto n E w in g D u g g e r, age 6o, of 855 P ric e A venue. Bossed aw ay 
F rid a y , A p ril 29, 1977 in a lo c a l h o sp ital. B o rn in H o lla n d , Texas, 
M r. D u g g e r re s id e d in San A n ­ tonio sin ce 1953, w o s a m e m b e r of the B a p tist fa ith . S u rv iv o rs : W ife, 
M rs . A ch sa h D u g g e r; sons, M r. 
Joe D u g g e r of C a m p b e llto n , M r. 
P h ilip D u g g e r o f F lo r e s v ille ; b ro th e rs , C h a rle s D u g g e r of P o ­ teet, M r. D e ra id D u g g e r of A u s­ tin ; s is te rs , M rs . L u ra W ilson of 
Belton, M rs . L u c ille T ru e s d a le of 
San A n to n io ; l l g ra n d c h ild re n . 
S e rvice s, 12:15 p .m . M o n d a y at th e S o u th s id e F u n e r a l H o m e 
C hapel w ith R e v. S e d ric W esson o ffic ia tin g . In te r m e n t, F t. Sam 
H o usto n N o tio n a l C e m e te ry . D i­ re ctio n of 

& o u t f a t i > e 

1o1—Deaths 

63o1 S. Floret 
922-6339 

D UR AN 
M R S . G R E G O R IA 
V 
I R D U R A N , b o rn in 
D e l 
R io , 
T e x a s 
A p r il 7, 1888, e n ­ te re d re s t T h u rs d a y , A p r il 28, 
1977 at th e age o f 89 y e a rs . 
S E R V IC E S 
S A T U R D A Y -1o oo A M 
D IV IN E R E D E E M E R 
P R E S B Y T E R IA N C H U R C H 
4o7 N. C a la v e ra s St. w ilh R e v. R o b e rt A 
B ro w n , J r . and Rev. R a fae l S anchez o ffic ia t­ ing, in te rm e n t w ill fo llo w in San 
J o s e B u r ia l P a rk 
S u r v iv o r s : 
D a u g h te r s , M r s . F e r n a n d o J . 
(S a ra h ) L o p e z , C ity , M rs . M a r ­ c e lin e D. R io s ; son, A n d re w R. 
D u ra n , a lt o f S a n A n to n io ; 7 g ra n d c h ild re n , 8 g re a t g ra n d c h il­ d r e n . s e v e r a l n ie c e s a n d n e ­ p h e w s . 
M r s . 
D u r a n w a s a m e m b e r o f D iv in e R e d e e m e r 
P r e s b y te r ia n C h u rc h a n d h a s been a re s id e n t of San A n to n io fo r the past 72 y e a rs . S e rvice s u nd er the d ire c tio n of a m e m b e r of The 
Lelon Cude F a m ily of 
Tke JKamo 
N. A la m o at B ro o k ly n 

HARPOLE 
C o l, E o n Y . H a rp o le , U S A F 
( R e t.) , a g e 75, o f 23oo N a c o g d o c h e s , d ie d F r id a y , A p r il 29, 
1977. He was a m e m b e r of th e Son 
A n tonio S co ttish R ite B o d ie s; A l­ io fa r S h rin e ; M a ta g o rd a Lodge 
No. 7, M a ta g o rd a , T e x .; C anyon 
C re e k 
C o u n tr y 
C lu b ; a n d g ra d u a te of Texas A A M , C lass of 
1924, S u rv iv o rs : W ife, M rs. Lucite 
W. H a rp o le ; b r o th e r , T o m M . 
H a rp o le ; n ie c e . M rs , C a n n e r 
S ieves, n ep hew , Roy R. Steves, a ll of San A n to n io . S e rvice M o n ­ d a y a t I o 'c lo c k in the G eorgian 
Chapel of the P o rte r L o rin g M o r­ tu a ry . in te rm e n t in C ity C e m etery 
No. 6. A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 
Boiler Loring 
I toi McCullough 227*221 

JARA MIL LO 
R a ul J a ra m itio , o f 2oo2 W M a g ­ n o lia , e n te re d re s t on A p r il 28, 
1977 at a lo ca l h osp ital a t the age of 32 y e a rs . S u rv iv e d b y w ife , 
M rs. M a ry J a n e J a ra m illo ; son, 
R a u l B. J a r a m illo ; d a u g h te r, 
C v n th io J. J a r a m illo ; p a re n ts , 
M r. and M rs. J. L Jew ; b ro th e rs , 
M a rio , M ike and Ruben J a ra m il­ lo ; s is te rs . M a r y A n n P ra d o , 
D olores Rendon and N o rm a Jew. 
R e m a in s w i ll be ta k e n to St. 
P a u l s C a th o lic C h u rc h f o r R o ­ s a ry at 7:3o p .m . Sunday. F u n e ra l services and M ass w ill be held at 
9:15 a m . M o n d a y a f St. P a u l s 
C a th o lic C h u rch . In«ermen» w ith m ilita ry hon ors w ill fo llo w in F o rt 
Sam Houston N a tio n a l C e m etery. 
A rra n g e m e n ts w ith flnwkthill 

191—Deaths 

SHELLM AN 
M r*. T he lm a R. S h e llm a n (M rs . 
L yon s P .), passed on T h u rs d a y , 
A p ril 28, 1977. She w as an a ctive m em b er of the Second C h u rch of 
C h ris t S c ie n tis t, M rs . S h e llm a n had resided in San A ntonio fo r 57 years. S u rv iv o rs : Son, R o bert C. 
S h e llm a n , F la to n ia , T e x .; 3 g r a n d c h ild r e n ; 2 s is te rs , a n d s e v e ra l n ie c e s a n d n e p h e w s . 
G raveside se rvice S a tu rd a y at 3 o'clock at Sunset M e m o ria l P a rk . 
A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 
Burier Loring not M c C u llo u g h 227 *221 

S. A . political groups ana lyzed 

711 s E. M ilita ry D r. 
923-7523 

 j u n m j c 
A 
Ge 

Th 

225-5731___________________________ 
G R E E N W A L D 
I - 
M R 
F R A N K G R E E N - 
W A L D , 
IO ’ 
G e o rg e 
B E a 
M u c k D r ., K e r r v ille , 
Texos, b o rn in Sugalag, 
H u n g a ry, Sent. 23, 1898, entered re st T h u rsd a y, 
A p ril 27, 1977 a t the age o f 79 ye a rs 
S E R V IC E S 
M O N D A Y — 1:45 P.M . 
A L A M O C H A P E L S w ith R e v. N e il W e a th e rh o g g o f­ fic ia tin g and in te rm e n t to fo llo w in 
F t. Sam H ouston N a tl. C e m e te ry u n d e r th e a u s p ic e s o f A r m y 
L o d g e N o . 11o5, A F & A M . S u r­ v iv o r s : W ife , M rs . W illie N e ill 
G re e n w a ld ; d a u g h te r, M rs . Ja ck 
( J a n ic e ) C la b o r n , C ity ; s o n s , 
F ra n k W. G re e n w a ld , F lo re n c e , 
A la ., F lo y d U. G re e n w a ld , K e n t, 
W a s h ., C h a rle s M . G re e n w a ld , 
C ity, J o h n F. G re e n w a ld , R o lla , 
M o .; 15 g r a n d c h ild re n , 5 g re a t g r a n d c h ild re n . M r. G re e n w a ld w as a m e m b e r o f 1st P re s b y te r­ ia n C h u rch , K e rrv ille , T e xa s and a m e m b e r o f K e rr v ille Lodge No. 
697, A F & A M , of K e rrv ille , Texa s. 
S e rvices u n d e r the d ire c tio n of a m e m b e r o f T h e L e lo n C u d e 
F a m ily of 
T /u 
225-5731 
N . A la m o (^ B ro o k ly n 

H A E CK E R 
A rth u r H a e c k e r, a g e 77, of 7495 
R eal R oad, passed a w a y W ednes­ d a y, A p ril 27, 1977. F u n e ra l s e r­ v ic e s S a tu r d a y , 1 o :o o a m . in 
M is s io n P a rk F u n e r a l C h a p e l w ith in fe rm e n t to fo llo w in M issio n 
B u ria l P a rk . A rra n g e m e n ts bv 

 f t 

MISSION P XKK fUNERAt CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 

TRAFTON 
M r. E a rl I. T ra fto n , 69, o f 31o7 W. 
G era ld, died A p ril 29. R e sid e n t of 
San A n to n io m a n y y e a rs . S u r­ v iv o rs : Son, E d w in E a rl T ra fto n , 
Euless, T e x .; d a u g h te rs , M rs R i­ c h a r d ( E a r lin e ) L u n d y , W e st 
C olum bia, 
Tex., 
M rs . 
Lonnie 
(B e e ) H u ffm a n , W h a rto n , T e x. 
F u n e ra l s e r v ic e s a r e p e n d in g w ith Roy A ke rs F u n e ra l Chapels. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1.... 

JOHNSEN 
G eorge O xnes Johnsen, 
San A ntonio, passed a w a y in a lo cal hosp ita l 
T h u rs d a y , A p ril 28, 1977 a t the age of 89 ye a rs M r. John­ sen w as a V e te ra n of W orld W a r I, m e m b e r of B lu e B o n n e t L o d g e 
No. 1219 A F & A M , A rm y C h apter 
N o . 393, R A M ., San A n to n io 
C o m m a n d e ry No. 7, K .T ., a n d w as a T h irty -S e c o n d D e gre e M ason. 
He is s u rv iv e d bv one d a u g h te r, 
R o b e rta M a x in e J o h n s e n , C ity a n d one son, G eorge O. Johnsen, 
J r., R unge, T e xa s. F u n e ra l s e r­ vic e s w ill be held fro m the D e ll­ c re s t C hapel S a tu rd a y, A p ril 3o a l 
2:oo p.m . u n d e r the A u spices of 
T h e B lu e B o n n e t Lod ge. A r r a n ­ gem ents w ith 

B r l l r r r a t 
2ooo So. W W W hite 
337-4o82 

LOPEZ 
M R . 
R IC H A R D 
L O P E Z , S R ., 4oo 
C a lh o u n , b o r n in 
San A ntonio M a rc h 
23, 1948, entered re st W ednesday, 
A p ril 27, 1977 a t the age of 29 years. 
RO S A R Y -S U N D A Y 7:oo PM 
A LA M O C H A P E LS 
M AS S -M O N D A Y 1o:oo AM 
ST P A T R IC K S CH U R CH 
1114 W illo w St. w ith R e v . M s g r . M ic h a e l G. 
M cM anus as ce le b ra n t and in te r­ m e n t to fo llo w in San F e rn a n d o 
C em etery No. 2. S u rv iv o rs : Son, 
R ic h a r d L o p e z , J r . ; p a r e n ts , 
G eorge and D e lfin a Lopez, C ity ; s is te r s . M is s e s E v a , J u a n ita , 
A lic ia a n d B e a tr ic e L o p e z ; b ro th e rs, G eorge, J r., D a n ie l and 
C arlos Lopez, C ity and a host of frie n d s. M r. Lopez was a m e m b e r of St. P a tric k ’s C a th o lic C h u rc h and has been a life lo n g re s id e n t ol 
San A ntonio. S e rvice s u n d e r the d ire c tio n o f a m e m b e r o f T h e 
Lelon Cude F a m ily ol 

225-5731 
N. A lam o at B ro o k ly n 

THOMPSON 
M R S . 
L O U IS E 
NE W C O M B 
T H O M P S O N , 1428 
S.W 
M ilita r y D r., b o rn in L a n s in g , M ic h . J u ly 28, 
19o3, entered rest T h u rsd a y, A p ril 
28, 1977 at the age of 73 veers. 
SE R V IC ES M O N D A Y , 1:15 PM 
FT SAM HOUSTON 
POST C H A P E L w ith Rev. R o bert R yan o ffic ia tin g and in te rm e n t to follow in Ft. Sam 
H o u s to n N a tl. C e m e te ry . S u r­ v iv o rs : Son, John E lto n T h o m p ­ son, J r.; sister, M rs. Don (Bess) 
H u m ble, C ity ; b ro th e rs , R o nald 
• a n d T e d N e w c o m b , L a n s in g 
M ic h .; g ra n d c h ild re n , M rs. D a vid 
A. (D ebbie Sue) C o rre l, C ity, K a ­ ren A nn and Scott Cosh T h o m p ­ s o n . M rs . T h o m p s o n w a s a m e m b e r of H ig h la n d H ilts B a ptist 
C h u rch and has been a life lo n g re sid e n t of San A n to n io . C a sket b e a re rs w ill be J a c k F lo w e rs , 
Rick W eisener, T o m m y K ru e g e r, 
B ill C a s tle b e rry , Jam es M e n a rd a n d D a v id S k u rk a 
S e rv ic e s und er the d ire ctio n o f a m e m b e r of The Lelon Cude F o m ilv of 
TM* Memo 
225-5731 
N. A lam o at B ro o k ly n , 

WHITE 
M r . J a m e s O 
W h ite , o f 418 
S hropshire D r., died A p ril 26 Re­ sid ent of San A ntonio 25 ye a rs and m e m b e r of th e B a p tis t C h u rch , 
M r 
W hite w as an h o n o ra ry life tim e m e m b e r of the San A ntonio 
T ra n s p o rta tio n Club and p ro m in ­ ent in the M o to r F re ig h t In d u stry fo r o v e r 5o y e a rs in T e xa s and 
O klahom a and the last 25 ye a rs in 
San A n to n io , p a s t m e m b e r o f 
H e rm ann Sons Lodge, past a ctive m e m b e r o f th e S a n A n to n io 
C h a p te r o f N a tio n a l D e fe n s e 
T ra n s p o rta tio n League. He w as te rm in a l m a n a g e r a n d d is tr ic t sa le s m a n a g e r fo r M e rc h a n t s 
Fast M o to r F re ig h t, and a fte r re ­ tire m e n t, he was s till a c tiv e in the fre ig h t business as te rm in a l m a n ­ ag e r fo r Lange T ru c k Lines. S u r­ v iv o rs : 
W ife, 
M rs. 
A gnes 
D. 
W hite, San A n to n io ; son, B obby 
Jim W hite, San F ra n cisco , C a lif.;, b ro th e r, B re tt W hite, Las C ruces, 
NI. M ex ; 2 g ra n d c h ild re n . S e r­ vices l l a.m . S a turday- A p ril 3o, 
Sunset F u n e ra l Home, in te rm e n t 
S u nset M e m o ria l P a rk . A c tiv e p a llb e a re rs : P e rry D e c h e rt, A l 
B lo k e w a y , R o y H a r d y , D e a n 
M c M u r r a y . R . C. M e a n s , a n d 
D o n a ld B a ile y . H o n o ra ry p a ll­ b e a re rs : D o yle A rm s tro n g , V ic ­ to r 
L a n g e , 
G e o rg e 
H e r d e r , 
G e o rg e E llis o n , D a ve De La O, 
Bob Tham es, and B iti Shaw. V is i­ ta tio n w ill be 4 to IO p.m . F rid a y , 
A p ril 29. 
F u n e r a l 
Home 

By JAMES MCCRORY 
Communities Organized for Public 
Service is not as revolutionary as some people think it is, Tucker Gibson told the Bexar County Republican Women’s 
Ciub Friday. 
A professor of political science at 
Trinity University, Gibson described 
COPS as an organization of people wanting a piece of the action. 
While some may not agree with 
COPS’ tactics in obtaining its ends, 
Gibson observed, wanting some of the 
“ goodies” does not constitute a revo­ 

 lution. 
“That's American as apple pie,” he observed. 
Addressing the club at a luncheon at the Bright Shawl, Gibson told the 
Republican women the advent of sin­ gle-member City Council districts do­ vetailed with the decline of the Good 
Government League, but did not cause its demise. 
He said the CGL declined, and fin­ ally died, because its leadership con­ census broke down after its last suc­ cessful election in 1971. 

It wasn’t a revolt of the masses against the leadership, Gibson ob­ served. but rather the breakdown of the GGL leadership concensus, its failure to address itself to changing times, increased civil rights activities and extension of the Voting Rights Act to Texas. 
To say the Alliance for a Better City replaced the GGL, Gibson reported, is absurd. 
The GGL, he explained, during its greatest years was broadbased, and 
ABC never was. Describing ABC as a 

 front organization, Gibson said it never had the substantive organization the 
GGL enjoyed. He cautioned the ABC may come along. 
During the GGL’s better years, Gib­ son said, most of the council members came from what are now Districts 7, 8, 
9 and IO on a broad sweep from the 
Northwest to the Northeast sides. 
He noted that since council-manager government was adopted in 1951, not a single council member was elected from what is now District 6 on the 
Southeast Side until this year. you cam afford spend $119. you cain altSord elegant! chair! 

Come to Fisher’s and choose the ones to suit your style and budget. W e offer you our finest decorator chairs in a wide selection of colors and fabrics . . . and they’re waiting for you at 1 /3 o ff . . . and more! O nly a few o f the many gorgeous chairs are illustrated here, and they are comfortable as they are beautiful. Shop today for best selection! 

SUNSET 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 828-2811 

M O B E R L Y 
T h o m a s M o b e rly , age 72, of St. 
P e te rs b u rg , F la ., d ie d W e d n e s­ da y, in St. P e te rsb u rg . He w as a m e m b e r of the fir s t class of SMU 
C ollege of L a w ; p ra c tic e d la w in 
D a lla s 1928-1941; p ra c tic e d in San 
A n to n io u n til h is re tire m e n t in 
1952. S u rv iv o r: W ife, M rs . B e r­ nice C o rbin M o b e rly , St. P e te rs ­ b u rg . G ra ve sid e service M onday a t l l o’clock at Sunset M e m o ria l 
P a rk , th e R ev. A lb e rt E. Loudon o ffic ia tin g . Those who de sire m ay send m e m o ria l g ifts to the A m e r­ ic a n H e a rt A s s o c ia tio n . A r r a n ­ gem ents w ith 
Barter Loring 
1 ioi McCullough 227.9221 

IMMEDIATE 
DELIVERY 
FROM STOCK 

USE OUR 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

Handsome tub chair with genuine cane sides. Gracefully curbed back and legs, upholstered in attractive velvet. 
Reg. $ 2 2 9 ... 
I / 2 o ff. . . 
Save $8o. 

Charming hi-ba< genuine cane s back, corduroy upholstery. 
Reg. $ 2 1 9 ... 
4 5 % o ff. . . 

Save $1 OO. 

EXACTLY 
AS ILLUSTRATED 

P L U N K E T T 
C h arles E. P lu n ke tt, age 91, of Rt. 
5, B o x 521 
B, p a s s e d a w a y 
T h u rsda y, A p ril 28, 1977. F u n e ra l s e rv ic e s w ill be co n d u cte d M o n ­ day, 11:3o a m . in M ission P a rk 
F u n e ra l Chapel w ith in te rm e n t to fo llo w in M is s io n B u ria l P a rk . 
A rra n g e m e n ts bv 

 f t 

MISSION PARK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S i . Military Dr 

WantrAds 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
&BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

II I 
X * 

* 8 " f a * 
I £r a J* a 
T a o s a 8 * — 

2 - 
„ rn 

 s I 
S o i * 
& »*« 

IM s i 
P M 
ST 

V* 3 [ 

 v en it 

225-1666 
BM—Funeral Directors 

 cera I D irectors 

-A N G E L U S F U N E R A L H O M E ' 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
,6o2 W. H ouston 
227-M61 

THE WARMTH OF 
PERSONAL ATTENTION. 

P o r t e r Lo r i n g 
MORTUARY 

11o1 MCCULLOUGH 227 8221 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

&outteibe 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FLORES 
922-6339 
Ed Squyres,‘Director 

MOQTUAPf 
1K|^3114CULEBRA 
UNL— 432-o987 

Hraakthill 

711 S E. M ilita ry 
923-7523 
(Silk Stile 

8o56 F re d e ric k s b u rg 696-7111 
Brl U rn I 
2ooo S. W W. W hite 
337-4o82 

# a lm S p r in t* 

3711 So. Z a rza m o ra 924-4568 

AL £ RODRIGUEZ 
FUNERAL HOME 
Pre-Need Arrangements 
S II Guadalupe St. 
226-6111 

 a. Elegant French Provincial chair with button back, upholstered gorgeous India crewel. 
Beautiful wood accents. 

Reputation 

 based on dignity and good taste. . 

Max 

 m a r t i n e z 

 o ffe rin g 
7r»-*rrong*d Funeral Contract! funeral Insurance Policies 
227-6281 

North Park Mortuary 
734-5313 
Chapel Hill Memorial 
Gardens 
655-641 I 

Every service a special service 

* l ^ s f ( ? k e A A 

 v FUNERAL CHAPELS 

SIS HOUTH M AIN AVENUE 
226-72o1 

AMERICA’S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

 n amo 
FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 

2 
2 
5 
* 5 
7 
3 
1 

L 7 li£ J - n L v i C l u b \ J c u n i b 

*179 . 
AOM# 5 9o. 

 b. 
Beautiful hi-back barrel chair with deep tufted back. Upholstered in plush velvet. 

 c. French Provincial wing chair with padded arms, gorgeous wood frame. 
Upholstered in beautiful velvet. 
,—Treasures of the Orient 
I 
EXOTIC SEA SHELLS 
I Outcr I OO dij ft the shells from 
. . . all specimen 

 erent varieties o f uncommon sea 
Far East. For the serious collector 

J 

I 

Cypraea Arabica from the 
Philippines. 
A beautiful small 
“ Arabian 
Cowrie" with a delightful map-like pattern. Usually $1. 5o4 
^ 6 ” Charonis Tritonis from the Philippines. 
The “ Triton Trumpet", queen of all sea shells. 
Usually $37.5o $ 1 5 . 
Voluta Vestpertillo from the Philippines. A medium size colorful 
“ Bat Volute.” 
Usually $1.5o 
754 
Conus Figulin- us from the 
Philippines. 
Commonly call­ ed the “ Fig Cone." 
Usually $3. . .754 
Murex Haustellum from the Philippines. The 

? V 

Tiger 
Cowrie nap­ kin rings. 
Usually 

$ 2 . . , 
$ 1 . 

Gorgeous traditional chair upholstered in elegant velvet. Button back and beautifully tailored skirt. 
Reg. $3oo... 
I /3 off. . .Save $1o1. 

 m r 
$199. 

 desirable long spine 
“ Snipes Bill” murex. 
Usually $5. . . $2. 
Strombus 
Cona­ rium from the Phil­ ippines. A lovely 
“ Canary 
Dog 
Conch.” Usually 754 254 

Mitra Adustrus from the 
Philippines. 
A small graceful miter. 
Usually $2. . . 754 

Oliva 
Funebralis from New Guinea. A small beautifully pat­ terned olive shell. 
Usually $1. . . 354 

4 ” Lambis Lambis from the Philippines. A beautifully marked 
“ Spider Conch.” 
Usually $2.5o . . $ * • 

7 ” to 8” barnacle ousters. Love­ ly formations. 
Usually $ 15.. . $7. 

6" Nautilus Pompilius from the 
Philippines. 
One of natures most elaborate designs. 
Usually $12.5o . . $7. 

8“ Tridacna Linne. Very decorative large white 
China clam. 
Usually $ 1 5 ............. $ 6.‘ 

Phone 824-o575 o f sun antonio 
145o N.E. Loop 41o 

S a n Antonio EXP R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday April 3o I 97 7 
Page 
I -C 
C o lo r ^ lo flse r's 
Plants are g re e n 

THO U SANDS of different plants are on display at both 
Mission Nursery locations 

 year-round business 

San Antonio’s largest chain nursery, 
Wolfe Nurseries, has a large selection of foliage and flowering plants and acces­ sories available for Mother’s Day or any occasion. 
“ Our blooming pot plants are coining in now,” announced Jo e M oncada, m an ager of the Wolfe 
Nursery at 88o2 Perrin-Beitel. 
“ But plants are not just for special occasions,” lie added. “ They’re something people of all ages can enjoy. Our foliage plants will last year after year. 
“ We have foliage plants to suit every taste ami pocketbook, from .‘IO cents to $59, depending upon the individual’s needs. We also carry containers, potting soils,- fertilizers and instruction books.” 
Wolfe N ursery is still very much aw are of the boom in home decorating plants. Although open less than three years, the Perrin-Beitel store is already the second largest in the Texas and Oklahoma Wolfe chain, behind the Wolfe Nursery on San Pedro. 
The house plant popularity has made the nursery business a yearround one. 
Moncada has also witnessed an interest in vege­ table gardening, with many people purchasing small plants. 
While Wolfe does not contract landscaping, it does have personnel in the stores to help a homeowner lay out a landscape plan so plants will be in the most advantageous and attractive positions. 
Other Wolfe Nurseries are at 37oo Broadway, 15o7 
Ruiz, 7oo7 San Pedro, 8714 S. Flores and 1134 Pat 
Booker in Universal City. 

EXQUISITE fountains and bird baths are available at W olfe Nursery along with a variety of plants 
G ardening is fun 

B E A U T IF U L P L A N T S 

T O M A K E Y O U R O W N 
HANGING BASKETS 

Sprengeri & Artillery Fern, Plumosa 
Fern, Velvet Plants, Spider Plants. Fan­ tasia, Variegated Fantasia, Abosia, 
Green Jew, Purple Striped Jew, Mouse 
Ears Jew (Baby), White Striped Jew. 
Bearded Jew, Lady Boat Jew. Bleeding 
Heart, Dollar Plants and Polka-Dot plants 
YOUR CHOICE 
69"ea 3lor*2 

V cf 
T I 

(fe w 
. * 
I 
.**1 ..J* 
1 4 * y 
‘i ll 

 ll T O K H O W t H t M ANAG EROFYOURVVOLFtNuftSEiR^y 

A V T a rn mm t a t rn VA t i I a i ■ - e a T I 
I A A a 
> i u i a rn r 
1 av 
*its>--k-mm t a a av av 
A l l 
" a •» 
O P E N E V f R Y D A Y j v?''jyp ^ )P j£M O N D A Y THRU S 
^ 
C 
O 
6:oo PM 
't V !' ** 'f’. 

PREPARE THOSE 
VEGETABLE 
GARDENS 
PROPERLY 

1 . 8 9 

1 . 8 9 

TOP SOU Ideal for $ | QQ planting. 4o lb. sack 
I *OY 

COW MANURE 
I Guaranteed weed free $ | QQ 
5o lb. sack 
I »o f 

SHEEP MANURES! o n 
Well rotted...SO lb. sack I »o / 
M IX OR MATCH 
5 for *9.oo 

P O T T I N G S O IL 
$ 
25 lb. sa ck ............ 

P L A N T I N G S A N O s 
Approx, a bu. bag 

I f l 
K i 

L 
A 
I 

8 8 o 2 P ER R IN BEITEL RD. 

W OLFE N U R SE R Y M A N A G E R : 

J O E M O N C A D A 

Says, 'We look forward to serving you. We hove the most beautiful and well arranged Nursery. Please visit us so we (an show you 
Wolfe s Nicest Nursery.” 

1 5 o 7 R U IZ 

W OLFE N U R SER Y M A N A G E R : 

A R M A N D O G O N Z A L E S 

Says, San Antonio’s oldest and most complete nursery. Visit us for an experience in modern m er­ chandise and old fashioned friend­ ly service. 

3 7 o o B R O A D W A Y 

W OLFE N U R S E R Y M A N A G E R : 

R A N D Y H A R R I S O N 

Says, 
“Efficiency at its best. We are a compact nursery with train­ ed personnel for your shopping pleasure. 

> 

A i l 
7 o o 7 S A N P ED R O 

W O LFE N U R SE R Y M A N A G E R : 

E D W A R D R O M E R O 

Says, 
‘ Visit the largest retail nursery (sales) in Texas. "W e have changed our check out system s in keeping with Wolfe's desire to give the buying public the fastest and most efficient service." 

6 7 1 4 SO U T H FIO R ES 

W OLFE N U R S E R Y M A N A G E R : 

A R T H U R Z A M O R A N O 

Says, "We have added additional parking and we have created a new check out system for your shopping convenience, "W e love our customers.” 

1 1 3 4 P A T B O O K E R RD. 

U N IV E R S A L CITY 

W O LFE N U R SE R Y M A N A G E R : 

P E R C Y M U N O Z 

Says, "W e are the only Universal 
City one stop garden center. Visit our well stocked nursery for your shopping pleasure. We are anxious to serve you. 

THEY ALL S A Y ,‘LOOK AT THESE SUPER VALUES W E OFFER FOR YOUR SH O PPIN G PLEASURE.’ 

REC. $ 3 . 9 8 
TROPICAL 

AT ITS BEST 

Dracoena 
Marginate, 
Schef- 

 flera, Philodendron Selloum ... 

 and 
Norfolk 
Island 
Pine 
... 

 growing in 5" pots. 

YOUR 2 6 9 

$ 
o 
9 o for 

C H O I C E 
4 *8 

PLANT SHADE 
TREES NOW! 
These are in perfect condition for now planting. 
ARIZONA ASH, 7 to 8 ft. ... grow­ ing in 5 gal. tan .... $ 5 . 9 8 e a . 
ARIZONA ASH, 8 to IG ft. tall, bolled and 
$ 9 . 9 8 e a . burlapped 
2 fo r $ 1 9 . o o 
MIMOSA SHADE TREES, 6 ft. tall, in 
I gallon ta n s 
$ 2 . 9 8 e a . 
MIMOSA SHADE TREES, 8 to IO ft. toll, in 3 gal. tan ... $ 6 . 9 8 e a . 
NON-BEARING MULBERRY, IO ft. tall, in 3 gal. tan .. $ 6 . 9 8 e a . 
SYCAMORE SHADE TREES, 5 to 6 ft. tall, in I gal. tan ... $ 2 . 9 8 e a . 
SYCAMORE SHADE TREES, IO ft. tall, in 3 gal. tan .. 
$ 6 . 9 8 e a . 
LOMBARDY POPLAR, 5 to 6 ft. tall, in I gal. ta n 
$ 2 . 9 8 e a . 
SILVER MAPLE, 6 to 8 ft. tall, in 3 gal. t a n .............. 
$ 3 . 9 8 e a . 
COTTONLESS COTTONWOOD, 5 to 6 ft. tall, in I gal. tan $ 3 . 9 8 e a . 
COTTONLESS COTTONWOOD, 6 to 8 ft. tall, in 5 gal. ton $ 6 . 9 8 e a . 
WEEPING WILLOW, 5 to 6 ft. toll, in I gal. tan 
$ 2 . 9 8 e a . 
RED BUD ... growing in 
I gal. tan .......... $ 2 . 9 8 e a . 
RED BUD ... 5 to 6 ft. tall ... grow­ ing in 3 gal. ton ... $ 6 . 9 8 e a . 

CLOSE OUT 
FIRST COME... 
FIRST SERVE 

SPECIAL GROUP 
MEXICAN POTTERY 

We need room ... out at these 

 ridiculously low prices. 

I Vt" 
$ 1 . 7 9 
REG. $3.49 BEAN POT wide, 7” tall..........now 

REG. $2.39 SEAN POT ... 6 " wide, 
6" ta ll..................now $ 1 . 2 9 

REG. $1.49 BEAN POT ... 5 " wide, 
SVi" tall................. now 7 9 4 

REG. $2.29 PUMPKIN SHAPED POT 
... 9 " wide, 4 Vj " tallow $ 1 . 3 9 

REG. $1.69 PUMPKIN SHAPED POT 
... 8” wide, 4 " tall now 8 9 4 

REG. $1.19 PUMPKIN SHAPED POT 
... 6 V i" wide, 3'/?” tallow 6 9 4 

REG. 
$4.29 
PAINTED 
PUMPKIN 
SHAPE POT ... 9 " wide, 
4>/j" tall.............. now $ 2 . 2 9 

REG. 
$3.29 
PAINTED 
PUMPKIN 
SHAPED POT ... 8 " wide, 
4 '' tall................ now $ 1 . 7 9 

REG. $2.29 
PAINTED 
PUMPKIN 
SHAPED POT ... 6'/j" wide, 
4" tall................ now 
$ 1 . 3 9 

BEAUTIFUL 
HANGING BASKETS 

We have them. Values to 5.98. 
Choose from: 
BEGONIAS, 
FERNS, SULTANAS ... YOU NAME 
IT ... WE HAVE IT ... 

CHO ICE OF THE H O U SE 

 each 
LIM IT 2 
(Clip and bring this coupon) 
(Good Fri., Sat., Sun. & Mon.) 

PLANT YOUR 
VEGETABLE GARDEN 
NOW! 

The experts all agree that now is the perfett planting time for vegetables. Better Yields. Better and bushier plants. No danger of freezing. 
Plant your garden vegetable now. We have large assortment of vegetable plants now to choose from: 

 look at these beauties growing in a pack ... 6 to 8 plants to pack ... 
Choose from: BROCCOLI — Green 
Comet, BRUSSELL SPROUTS - Jade 
Cross, CABBAGE — Emerald Cross 
& Golden Cross. CAULIFLOWER — 
Snow Ball 

5 9 't r a y 3 T 
M 
. 
7 5 
M IX O R M A T C H 
TOMATO PLANTS 
Individually potted ... 12 varieties 

1 
3 
V 
8 to, 9 9 4 
PIPPER PUNTS 
Individually potted ... 6 varieties 

1 3 * .o 
8 i . , 9 9 4 
EGG PLANTS 
13 4 ea. 8 for 9 9 C 
CUCUMBER 
1 3 4 e a . 8 f o r 9 9 4 
S Q U A S H 
1 3 4 e a . 8 f o r 9 9 4 
CANTALOUPE 
1 3 4 e a . 8 f o r 9 9 4 

O K R A 
1 3 4 e a . 8 f o r 9 9 4 
W ATERMELON 
1 3 4 e a . 8 fo r 9 9 4 

BROCCOLI 
1 3 4 e a . 8 f o r 9 9 4 
BRUSSEL SPROUTS 
1 3 4 e a . 8 f o r 9 9 4 

CABBAGE 
1 3 4 e a . 8 f a r 9 9 4 

COLLARDS 
1 3 4 e a . 8 f o r 9 9 4 

A R T IC H O K E These are beau­ ties ... growing in I gal. can... 
$ 1 . 9 9 e a . 
A S P A R A G U S 
R O O T S , 
Washington, large roots, growing in gal. can... 
9 9 4 e a . 3 f o r $ 2 . 7 5 
R H U B A R B 
R O O T S , 
Extra large, Giant Victoria, growing in 
I gal. can... 
$ 1 . 4 9 
B E R M U D A G R E E N O N IO N 
P L A N T S , large bunch...white 
6 9 4 b u n c h 

BEAUTIFUL CALIFORNIA 
ROSE BUSHES 

T his y e a r s crop ... G u a ra n te e d ... D o u b le y o u r m o n e y b ack 

 if y o u can b u y h ig h e r q u a lity at a n y price. 

M 
D l __ 
C H O O SE FR O M : 
W HITE: 

Blanche Mailerin 
Frau Karl Druschki 
Virgo 

YELLO W : 

Golden Masterpiece 
Buccaneer 
Eclipse 
Lowell Thomas 

T W O -T O N E : 

Condesa De Sastago 
Pres. Hoover 
RED: 

Charlotte Armstrona 

Crimson Glory 
Spartan 
Carrousel 
Mirandy 
Noctune 
P IN K : 

Helen Traubel 
Tiffany 
First Love 
Queen Elizabeth 
L O W G R O W IN G : 

Circus-Two-tone 
Chatter-red 
Floradora-red 
Iceberg-white 
China doll-Pink 

O R A N G E : 

Mojave 
Montezuma 

LA V EN D ER : 

Sterling Silver 

CLIM B ERS: 

Cl. Charlotte Armstrong-red 
Cl. Crimson Glory-red 
Cl. Sutter's Gold-yellow 
Cl. White Dawn 
Cl. Chrysler Imperial-red 
Cl. Aloha-pink 
Cl. Golden Showers-yellow 

Cl. Blaze-red "-T o"6 

5 o 

M I X O R M A T C H 

PLANT A DWARF HEDGE 

J A P A N E S E B O X W O O D , wen rooted plants.................................. 
Z ¥ 

L A R G E R , Growing in containers....... 
7 9 ! 

G R O W I N G IN I GAL. C A N 
S 1 . 4 9 

Y O U P O N H O L L Y , Growing in containers.................................. 

L A R G E R , Growing in I gallon cans 

D W A R F C H IN E S E H O L L Y , 
Growing in containers................... 

L A R G E R , Growing in I gallon cans 

7 9 ' 

* 1 . 4 9 

7 9 

* 1 . 4 9 

I O for * 2 . 5 o 

1 2 for * 8 . 9 o 

5 for * 6 . 9 o 

1 2 for * 8 . 9 o 

5 for * 6 . 9 o 

1 2 for * 8 . 9 o 

5 for * 6 . 9 o 

GROUND COVERS 
For Su n n y A re a 
ASIATIC JASMINE...Large plants 
79 . . . 12 For 8.9o 
FO R S H A D Y A R IA 
A L G E R IA N IV Y ... 
6 plants to troy . . . . $1.49 tray 
V A R IE G A T E D A L G E R IA N 
IV Y 6 plants to tray $1.49 tray 
EN G LISH IV Y ... 
6 plants to t r a y 
$1.49 tray 
PERMANENT GROUND COVER 
WHITE CRUSH MARBLE...SO lb. sack 
$1.99 sack 
5 for $9.5o 
BLACK OR RED LAVA ROCK. Lge. Vt cu. ft. bog $1.99 sack 5 for $9.5o 

HIBISCUS 
SINGLES & DOUBLES 
Red & Pink ... extra large to 3o" tall, grow- $ | rn q ing in I gallon cans 
I i T 7 
2 for $2.5o 

OLEANDERS 
Many in bud or bloom, many close to blooming ... growing in I gal. can ... HARDY RED, HARDY 
PINK, SALMON and WHITE. 

M 
. 9 9 , . 5 , o , 
SMALLER Well rooted . 7 9 4 ea. 

PLANT COLORFUL PLANTS NOW! 
COPPER PLANTS............. 6 9 ‘ea. 3 for *2 .o o 
LARGER, Growing in I gallon c a n 
.............. 
*1 .4 9 
CALADIUM PLANTS 
6 9 * ea. 3 for *2 .o o 
IMPATIENCE, Blooms all the time s _ 
_ ^ 
6 plants to troy...................................................... 
I . 4 V tray 
LARGER, Growing in I gallon ca n s 
................... *1 .4 9 
ICE PLANTS , Ideal ground cover 
_ 
6 plants to tray...all colors...................................... 
I . 4 V troy 

PLANT A FAST GROWING HEDGE 

CALIFORNIA PRIVET,is-,. 
24" tall, growing in I gal. can....... 
ARMOUR RIVER PRIVET, 
5 ft. ta ll................................... 
JAPANESE UGUSTRUM, 
Well rooted plonts 
MUCH LARGER, 24-to 36- tall, growing in I gal. can............ 
1 . 4 7 

P L A N T O U T D O O R 

F O L IA G E P L A N T S for that tropical look 
[PHILODENDRON SFUOUM, Split loaf growing in I qol. can 
$2.98 ea. 
FLUFFY RUFFLE FERN, Extra large, 
? 
" rowing in I gal can 
$2.99 ea. 
PRENGER! FERN, 
J Real large........... $2.99 ea. 
[ASPIDISTRA, Cast Iron Plant 
Ideal shade plant 
$2.99 ea. 
HOLLY FERN, 
Extra la rg e ........ 
ACUBA DUST PLANT, 
Extra large............ 
SMALLER, Growing in I gallon cans.. . . . $3.99 ea. 
ASSORTED TABLE FERNS ... Growing in I gallon tans.. . . . $1.99 ea. 
DATE PALM, Growing in 3 gallon con 
$6.99 ea. 
WINDMILL PALM, These don t freeze, 
36" tall, growing in 3 gallon can 
.......................... $6-9.9.ea. 

$ 2 .9 9 ea. 

$ 9 .9 9 ea. 

LARGE DECORATIVE 
FOLIAGE PLANTS 

USUAL $19.99 to $22.99 
' 
SCHEFFLERA. Large leaf evergreen plant ... indoor plant __ growing in IO " containers. 
YOUR 
CHOICE 
$Q99 ea. 

BORDER GRASS 

SA V E W O R K ...NO E D G IN G 
Monkey grass ... dark green, pot con be divided IO to 
"jJP 
12 plants 
J p ot 

L O O K AT THIS 
PATENTED 
ROSE BUSH 

REG. $ 3 .5 o TO $ 5 .9 5 
Including such varieties os: 
Cathedral, Miss All Am. Beauty, 
Tropicana and 3o other wonderful varieties. These ore the best roses we guarantee ... double your g money back if you can find higher quality at any price. 

Y O U R CHOICE... $ # * 9 
5 

A IL O N E PRICE 
WHILE THEY LAST 

GERANIUMS 
SP EC IA L G R O U P 
Bright red, etc., growing in 3" pots 

FERTILIZE THAT LAWN NOW! 

Your yard needs food now ... Feed it only the best. 
GREEN GRO LAWN FOOD 
„ 
12-6-6 with Iron, 5o lb. b a g 
6.95 sack 
3 for $ 2 o .o o 
GREEN GRO LAWN FOOD 
With insecticide, feeds and kills insects 
_ _ 
_ at the same time....................... 7 .9 5 sack 
3 for $ 2 2 .5 o 
WEED & FEED Feeds lawn & kills weeds at the same time ... 
_ 
SO lbs. covers 3,ooo sq. ft.................................................. 
3 . 9 5 
FREE USE OF SPREADER ON YOUR PURCHASE OF GREEN GRO FERTILIZER! 
VIGORO FERTILIZER ...SO lb. sack...................................... *5.98 
AMMONIUM SULPHATE... 21-o-o...5o lb. sock............ *4.98 
GREEN LIGHT GENERAL PURPOSE PLANT FOOD, 
Ideal for garden, etc., 25 lb. sa c k ........................................ 5.59 
GREEN LIGHT ROSE FOOD, 
The perfect food, IO lb. sack feeds 2o roses........................ 
2 .99 

39 \a 3 

NOW IS THE TIME 
TO PLANT A LAWN 

C A R P E T 
G R A S S , 
St. 
Augustine ... State Inspected ... large 384 sq. inch piece 
4 3 ’ IO pieces for *4.25 

CAR PET G R A S S 
SEED 
‘2.98 lh 

B E R M U D A G R A S S 
SEED 
*2.79 lb 
*1 3 .5 o sibs. 
F L O R A T A M G R A S S , 
Disease resistance, large 384 sq. inch piece 
$ 9 * pie{e 

FIG TREES 

T e x a s e v e rb e a rin g ... 

1 2 " to 1 8 " tall 
$ o O R 
Mm • w w ea. 

REG. 4 9 * 
NORFOLK ISLAND PINE 

Id e a l d ish g a rd e n o r T e rra riu m p la n t 

1 
8 
* each 
L IM I T 5 
(Clip and bring this coupon) (Good Fri., Sat., Sun. & Mon.) 

PLANT BEAUTIFUL COLOR 
W e h a v e solid truck lo a d s of b eautifu l b e d d in g plants for y o u r sh o p p in g p leasure. 
C h o o se f r o m : l o b e l ia 
AGERATUM 
M A R IG O LD S— 
CANDYTUFT 
Yellow & others 
C A R N A T IO N — Red & M I* SINGLE PETUNIAS— 
CELOSIA— Coxcom b 
M an y in bloom 
COLEUS— All colors 
M IX ED SHADES 
DAISIES— M ost oil kinds 
DBL. PETUNIAS — 
DIANTHUS — P inki 
GR A N DIFLO RAS— 
DUSTY MILLER 
Red & M ix 
HOLLYHOCK 
DBL. PETUNIAS — 

CLIP AND BRING 
5 9 tray trays for 

M ultifloros — All colors 
P H L O X — M ix e d 
PO RTU LAC A— 
(M oss Rose) M ix 
S a l v i a — Beds 
STO CK— -Dbl. M ix 
TO REN IA— Blue 
VERBENAS 
V IN C A — 
Z IN N IA S — M ix 
S 
NURSERIES! 

I 

I. 15o7rRUIZ 
- 2. 7oo7 SAN PEDRO AVE 
3. 37oo BRO AD W AY,'; 4. 6714 SO. FLORES 
P t i 34 PAT BOOKER' RD. UNIVERSAL CITY 
6. 88o2 PERRIN BEITEL RD. 

Al Ar ft - 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 

PAUL Z A V A L A , ow ner of Paul’s Green 
Thumb Nursery, looks over the supply of fresh spring hydrangeas available at his nursery 

The Greenery 
A COMPLETE NURSERY 
FOR ALL YOUR GARDENING NEEDS 

WUN tHii Af) .7 
O N ALL H A N G IN G 
BASKETS 

Brookhollow Shopping Center 
151o2 San Pedro Ave. 

Open 9-6. Sundays 1o-5 
4Vi mi. North of loop 41o 

Phone 494-2523_______________ We Deliver 

♦ O R C H L O S * B Q O M b V I A O S * POTS 
(JT) 
----*— -— — —- - — -----------—.— oft o {FERN 

"~>vTP,5TE * 

^ \JB H/WE TBe O u r s ................ 
^ f t S.al?iT 
/a 
-Mesf:.— o ITsVtARTS TOMGl/£...,PETTICnA-r 

S ' * 68o4 WEST NIE.* 34^-56^ AottN JOAYS 

MISSION 
NURSERIES 
Northside 

1 2 8 2 3 
Nacogdoches 
655-8323 

2 COMPLETE 
GARDEN CENTERS 
TO SERVE YOU 

Southside 
2919 
Mission Rd. 
924-3181 

SALE j|§|fc 

J;Ha -./r j 
- 
J, lr* 

LANDSCAPE 
SHRUBBERY 
REG. $1.79 TO $2.49 
TOP QUALITY PLANTS AT A BIG SAVINGS. 
SALE 

YO U R $ 
CHOICE 1.65 
GALLON 
CAN 

C hoose From: 

Dwarf Boxwood 
Green Pittosporum 

Dwarf Yaupon 
Pamposs Grass 

Waxleaf ligustrum 
Greenleaf 

Abelia Grandiflora 
Cottoncaster 

Grey Cottoneaster 

Dwf. Chinese Holly 

Purple leaf 

Honeysuckle 
95 

GALLON 
CAN 
Eleagnus 
Japanese Black Pine 
Senisa (Purple Sage) 
Xslosm aI 

MORE LANDSCAPE 
SHRUBBERY 
REG. $2.49 TO $3.49 
Nandina 
Dazzler Holly 
Lady Banksia Rose 
Comp. Cherry Laurel 
I 95 

GALLON 

M ystery Gardenia 
Halapensis Pine 
Viburnum Suspensum' 
Varig. Ligustrum 

LARGER LANDSCAPE SHRUBBERY 

Y O U R 
CHOICE 

REG. $7.98-$9.49 

$ 
6 
5 o 
5 GALLON 
CAN 
Choose From: 
Eleagnus 
Cotoneaster 
G reen Pittosporum 
Cleyera Japonica 
Senisa (Purple Sage) 
W a x le a f Ligustrum 
Nandina Demestica 
Red Yucca 
Varig. Pittosporum 
Abelia 

MLV*4 J # / ; 

X / 
■' WV : 

75 

5 GALLON 
CAN 
Red Tip Phontinia 
Am erican Arborvitae 
Com pact Cherry Laurel 

MORE LARGE LANDSCAPE 
SHRUBBERY 
REG. $9.49-$l 1.95 

M int Julip Juniper 
Oleander, H ardy Red 

I 
£ 1 
■7 5 GALLON 
CAN 

Viburnum Suspensum 
Oleander, Hardy Pink 

SHADE 

TREE 

SALE 

 y.h- " 
-H ' 

C * 7 
.--w I 

All of the following, 
Full Balled & Burlaped, beautiful Shade Trees. 

SIZE 
NAM E 
REG. 
SALE 
PRICE 

6 -8 ’ 
Red Bud 
9.75 
7.75 

6 -8 ’ 
Sweet Gum 
11.49 
9.5o 

6 -8 ’ 
Sycamore 
8.49 
7.5o 

6 -7 ’ 
Weeping Willow 
1o.25 
7.5o 

8’*9’ 
N.B. Mulberry 
9.95 
7.75 

1o’-12’ Sycamore 
19.49 
16.5o 

5-6’ 
Mimosa 
9.25 
7.5o 

8’-1o’ 
Golden Rain Tree 
11.79 
7.75 

5-6’ 
Majestic Beauty 
Magnolia 
19.95 
16.5o 

MOTHER’S DAY 
FLOWERS 
Start arriving Sunday, May I, 19/7. 
The finest floral Plants you tan buy. 
Hundreds to thoose from. 

GREENHOUSE Shade Cloth my uses, for shading of greenhouse, tie, eft. 6 3 % Shade Toped and omited on all sides. 

2 5 
Sq. Ft. 

WHITE MARBLE ROCK 
For Ground Cover 

5o lb. Bag 
’2.49 

ORTHO WEED-B-GoNE 
Pf. ton, use in lawn for killing brood leo! 
WEEDS, lovers 64oo ca n o i, ii s3 . 9 8 et. 

SUPER FOLIAGE BUYS 
$ 1 . 9 8 
W 
, >*■ 
I Gal. Phil. Seloum. Reg $2.98 f 
\ jy % 
Very full. 18 to 24 ' tall. Semi Hardy. ,ji, 

I Gal. Holly Fern. Reg $2.49. full green Hardy fern for shade. 
I Gal. Fatshedera Ivy 
Great Espalier plant, in shaded stoked os house plant. 

STAFFELS LAWN FOOD SALE 
5o lb. 8% NITROGEN - 12% 
Phosphate - 4% Potash. Covers 
2ooo sq. ft. Reg. $8.65 SALE PRICE 

STAFFELS PECAN TREE SPRAY 
Trees need to be sprayed now for Pecan Nut 
Case Bearer. or. *6.89 wn* *4.39 

’ G R H n T g HT BUG BAIT- 

Needs to be spread around outside of 

 flowers, vegetable beds to keep bugs $1.89 out of area. 
I Vt lb. Cannister 

DEXOL TOMATO LIFE SPRAY 
Makes 
Bigger 
Yields, 
Less 
Seed, 
Meatier fruit and Mokes'Blossom Set 
$ fruit. 
8 OZ. SIZE 
1.49 

Colorful 
Annual 
Bedding 
Plants 

Choose from Single & Double Petunias, Vinco, Marigolds, 
Portulaca (Moss Rose), Salvia Celosia, Blue Ageratum, Dwf. 

Thumbelina Zinnia plus others. 6 Plants per fray. You always 

 get the color you want with our plants because of the way 

 they are kept divided. 

69' per tray of 6 

TOMATO & PEPPER PUNTS 
Ind. Pottedl 5* eo. or 
Troy of. 6 plants 
69* 

 or 6 trays for *4.oo 

STORE HOURS 
9:oo to 6:oo Dally 
IN CLU D IN G SU N D A Y 

Plant tips dispensed 

By early afternoon, 
Paul Zavala’s desk is covered with phone messages. 
After he’s returned from checking on his com pany’s various landscape projects and giving his attention to pressing details at the nursery, Zavala will re­ turn each of these mes­ sages. 
He’ll answer, by the end of the day, dozens of questions from custom ers and non­ customers alike, all con­ fident Zavala can give them the help they need with their plants, shrubs, trees and flowers. 

Success 
This kind of attention reflects not only Zavala’s personal philosophy, but the reason for the contin­ uing success of Paul’s 
Green Thumb Nursery, 

85 Haby and now a se­ cond location, 51o3 Blan­ co. 
The Haby address, lo­ cated at the end of a street without through traffic, is a bit difficult to find. The firm got almost no drop-in business. 
Zavala decided the so­ lution was to open the new nursery on Blanco, just a few blocks from the original Paul’s Green 
Thumb Nursery. 
Passersby drop in to check the offerings on the well-traveled Blanco. 
Some buy, but those who don’t find exactly what they re looking for are referred to the original five-acre site on Baby, where the offerings are more extensive. 
Right now 
Paul’s 
Green 
Thumb .has a variety of flowering plants in slock, which would m ake perfect 
Mother’s Day gifts. 
Mission offers quality service 

How can a nursery go wrong offering low prices and first rate service? 
The answer is, it can’t, and that’s certainly the case this year with Mis­ sion Nurseries, 2919 Mis­ sion Rd. and 12823 Na­ cogdoches Rd. 
“ Business is fantas­ tic ,’’ said co-owner 
Frank Allen, who super­ vises the Mission garden center on Nacogdoches. 
“ We’re 25 to 5o per cent ahead of last year.” 
Allen attributes the improvement to favora­ ble weather, an ample stoclcof merchandise and the fact that the newer 
Nacogdoches store has finally become estab­ lished. 

Confidence 
But Mission customers would probably mention other factors, especially the good buys available and their confidence in the expertise of the Mis­ sion staff. 
Allen acknowledges that these have been ingredients in Mission’s success since the Mission 
Road store was estab­ lished in 1961. 
“ Service is our back­ bone,” Allen said. “ We try to give customers the kind of personal attention they • just can’t get from the big chains.” 
Reflecting this, Mis­ sion avoids commission sales because, Allen says, “ We don’t want a customer sold something he doesn’t need. 
“ Our main goal is to have our customers feel welcome. They can take all the time they need to browse and we’re always happy to answer any 

 questions they have,’’ 
Allen continued. 
“The only time we try to speed things up is at the checkout counter, be­ cause we don’t want to keep our custom ers waiting when they’re ready to leave.” 
This even applies dur­ ing the busy weekends of this boom time of year for nurseries, says Allen, but he does encourage custom ers who can to shop on the less hectic weekdays. 
As to price, “We have always maintained as low a price as you can find in 
San Antonio on the mer­ chandise we sell,” Allen said. 
Quality 
Still another important feature at Mission is the emphasis on quality. 
“Since most nurseries buy from the same sup­ pliers, quality is equal when the plant comes in­ to the store,” Allen said. 
“ The important thing is what happens to it between the time the store gets it and the time it s sold to a customer. 
“ We tend all our plants, trees and other items very carefully, do­ ing everything we can to keep them just as healthy as they were when we received them. 
“ This means regular watering, regular feed­ ing and close attention to their appearance.’* 
The Mission policies are carried out by the nursery’s experienced managers and staff. 
Allen said Mission also stocks the widest possi­ ble variety of merchan­ dise in the hope that each customer “can find most anything he wants when he shops with us.” 

Green Thumb 

LET THE EXPERTS HELP YOU WITH YOUR GARDEN 
85 HABY AND 51o3 BLANCO 
SALE GOOD 5 DAYS - 4-28 • 4-29 • 4-3o • 5-1 • 5-2 

PECAN TREES 
2 FOR I SALE 
• STUART « W . SCHUT • WICHITA 
Buy on* regular price. Second Tree free 
(Tires* 3 Vorielits Only) ____ 

R ED W O O D BARK 
Jumbo— Mtdium— Small 
For decorative use or mulching 
3-Cu. Ft. Bag c rn 4 o 
R ag . $ 5.2 5 
SALE * 4 

PHOTINA (RED TOP) 

I GAL. 
* 1 . 8 9 

UMBRELLA G R A SS 
G row s in w ater 

* 1 . 9 5 

HONEYSUCKLE VINE 

I GAL. 
* 1 . 8 9 

HERBS 
N e w Shipm ent) 
‘ 5 -3 o Varieties 
$ I 2 5 
I 

 from and up 

YARD GERANIUM PLANTS 

 e Red 
• Orange 
• White 
• Salmon 
• Pink 
* Violet 
4-IN. POT $ 
14.oo DOZ. 
29 
EA. 
HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PLANTED 

. FERN 
• BEGONIA e SEDUM e LANTANA 
TROM $ JC 9 5 
J UP 
MINIATURE ROSES 
N e w Shipm ent 15-2 o Varieties 
$ 2 9 S , . $ 3 5o 

IMPATIENS (Sultana) 
Assorted Colors 
4 9 « EA. 
I O FO* *4 
5 o 

PLANTING MATERIALS 
4o lb. Top Soil 
^ _ j,. 
4o lb. Cow Manure 
I * s r C r 
4o lb. Sheep Manure per bag 
PAUL’S PREMIUM ROSES 
Over 2oo Most Popular Varieties 
O U TSTA N D IN G ROSES FOR 
PERFORMANCE, FRAGRANCE 
A N D COLOR 
• TREE ROSES • TREE PATIO 
• CLIMBERS 
FRO M THE BEST G R O W ER S 
• California 
— 
• Jackson 
5 O 
• And Perkins 
AND 
F R O M 
W u p 

HIBISCUS 
New Shipm ent 
*3 . 9 5 

LAVENDER LA N T A N A 
I GAL. 
REG. $2.95 SALE 
1 . 9 5 

BEDDING PLANTS 
For Spring Flowers 
6— Plants Per Troy 

7 
9 
* 
TBAC 
FIG IV Y 
W all Covering 
$ 1 5 9 
Reg. 1.58 
Sale 
BANANA TREES 
N ew Shipments. 4 to 8 Ft. 
2 FOR THE PRICE I 

CONCRETE A N D CLAY 
PRODUCTS 
Squares, rounds, curbing, Circles, Pots, 
Saucers, bird baths. 
o % 
DISCO UNT 
I 

PLANT THAT GARDEN NOW 
Vegetable Plants • TRAY OF SIX 

PEPPERS 
SQUASH 79 
TOMATOES 

EGG PLANTS 

ACCESSORIES 
GARDEN WATER HOSES 
GARDEN RAKES 
GARDEN HOES 
SHOVELS 
HAND TOOLS 
WATERING NOZZLE 

M O N KEY GRASS 
(LILY TURF) 
BORDER or GRO UND COVER 
4 9 * eo 
5 . 3 9 doz 
DWF. CHINESE HOLLY 
I Gal. Red. 

3.95 
SALE *2 . 8 9 

EPISCIAS 
(Flame Violets) 
* 1 . 5 o ... 

BO XW O O D 
(For Fledge or Border) s 1 . 8 9 
. a . 

PURPLE VIOLETS 
COPPER PLANTS 
(Outdoor) 
(Acalypha) 
3 9 * eo. 
*4 . 2 9 Do, 
T 9 * EA. *8 * 6 9 DOZ. 

 ferti-lom e 
ROSE FOOD 

CONTAINING SYSTEMIC INSECTICIDE 

System ic Action - goes directly into root system and go e s through entire plant. It w orks. 
$2.98 
Sib. 

 ferti-lome 

Insecticide enters root systei of plant and travels throug stem and leaves to protei plant from insects. 
Won wash off. 

NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 
DURING WEEK LONG SALE 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 
SERVICE - GUARANTEED WORK 
Saul SrSkwftVftumb 
NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

85 HABY DR. 
NURSERY 
342-4887 

51o3 BLANCO RD. 
NURSERY 
342-4888 

BIAN C O RD 4Soo BLK 
NEW STORE HOURS: 
8:3o to 6 P.M. DAILY 
SU ND AY IO A.M. to 6 P.M. 
LANDSCAPE PH. 734-6461 

BEACON isHL 

5)o3 Blonco Rd. 

SAN PEDRO AVE 

Grimm’s experience has ’no substitution’ 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy April 3o 1977 

•’JCT 

Although 
G rim m ’ s 
Garden Center, 6923 San 
Pedro, dales back to 
1936, the service and merchandise are as mo­ dern as 1977. 
Rudy Chavez Sr., pre­ sident and manager, is constantly striving to up­ date and modernize the garden center. 
He has a sign promin­ ently displayed in his of­ 

 fice, 
“ There is no substitute for exper­ ience.” He believes in this bit of wisdom and offers his 24 years as a nurseryman as one rea­ son for the success of 
Grim m’s. 
Retail sales personnel are taught to give plant­ ing instructions with all plants purchased. 
Customers are urged to 

 bring th e ir botanical problems to the store where sales personnel will try to analyze and advise. 
Chavez encourages customers to give pro­ gress reports on their plants. “ I have confi­ dence that what I ’ve told them is going to work. 
We’re large enough and sm all enough to give 

> • 
-x n L , 
K S P 
M m m 
/ ' 

LYDIA DEFFENBACH and Virginia Chavez from G rim m ’s on 
San Pedro look o ver the variety o f fresh plants 

 personalized service.” 
G rim m ’s is one of the few local nurseries which grows its own plants. 
This allows Grim m ’s to keep a large stock on hand. growing their own in quantity rather than buying a limited number from a supplier. 
Specimen and tropical plants and shrubs are trucked or flown in from 
C alifornia and Florida and displayed outdoors so they are already ac­ clim ated when p ur­ chased. 
G rim m ’s landscape departm ent has un established reputation in the San Antonio area, both for residential and com m ercial landscape area services. 
A registered Lands­ cape Architect is availa­ ble for plans, suggestions and recommendations. 
G rim m ’s has performed some of the largest major landscape jobs in the ci­ ty, yet never hesitates to design residential lands­ caping. 
Too many cooks 
Many people have problem s with their plants because they try to follow advice from too many sources, Chavez pointed out. 
“ Go to one person you have confidence in and stick with them from top to bottom ,” he suggest­ ed. 
F re q u e n tly there is more than one successful way to treat a given sym ptom . With two or more experts involved, they may use conflicting methods, each of which would be successful if used alone, but which may destroy a plant if used in combination with another. 
A top line of fertilizers, chemicals and plant-re­ lated items are carried. 
Quality brass planters, ceramic pots and woven baskets are carried as custom er convenience items. 
G rim m ’s office staff, based at the San Pedro center, is always willing to answer questions re­ garding accounts or pur­ chases. 

GRIM M ’S Bandera Road c e n te r f e a t u r e s 

• :&-• : >:*• ......Wg&K p la n ts in n a t u r a l o u t d o o r se ttin gs 
Grimm’s is 
'budding’ 

G rim m ’s 
Garden 
Center at 17o4 Bandera 
Rd. is a “ budding” young nursery, if you’ll excuse the pun. 
Although in existence only since February, 
1975, it has already established itself as a successful garden center with a long list of satis­ fied customers. 
Manager Rudv Chavez 
•lr., a Texas Certified 
Nurseryman, states that the landscape depart­ ment in this northwest nursery is fast develop­ ing, also. 
As shown in the pic­ ture. the natural setting of the three-acre nursery makes for a beautiful outdoor display of shrubs, flowers and bed­ ding plants with plenty of room for parking. 

A great variety of trees are both nursery grown 

 and locally dug, accord­ ing to customer prefer­ ence. Grass sold by the yard is an im portant customer item that 
Grimm’s is able to fur­ nish from its own locally grown source. 
For new home owners, 
Grimm’s can provide in­ stant lawn and landscape with large shade trees, ornamental or fruit trees, as desired. 
Inside the nursery is attractively designed to best display seasonal plants, containers of all kinds, garden tools and the usual fertilizers, in­ sect controls and chemi­ cals. 
Need a g ift for 
Mother’s Day, birthday or convalescent? Chavez recommends a visit to 
G rim m ’s where they’ll dress a pot plant or re­ pot a plant in a unique container. 

GREEN 

PRICES EFFECTIVE THRU APRIL 27 

 t 
^ l 
T j 

 r 

 f. 

C 
4 
- 

OPEN DAUT 

FO A M T il 6 PM 
*uirot tfltn rn ju t 

SUNOAYS N O O N 

T il * PM 
41* AUSTIN KWT 
o28 2966 
• ll) GAUDINO Alf 
696-2571 

COME TO RUSTY’S FOR 3” HANGING BASKET 
AND POT PLANTS...COMPARE THE SELECTIoN...THE QUALITY. 
AND OUR EVERY DAY LOW PRICE! 

WHIL£ 
SUPPLY 
LASTSI 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

• PEDEROMIA NIVALIS 
• AIRPLANE PLANT 
• WAFFLE PLANT 
• DEW PLANT 
• SWEDISH IVY 
• CUPID PEPEROMIA 
• PILEA PETITE 
• BABY TEARS 
• ARTILLERY FERN 
• GREEN 8. WHITE JEW 
• PURPLE JEW 
• GREEN TRAILING 
PEPEROMIA 
• TRAILING COLEUS 
• TR ADES AC ANTI A 
BLOSSFELDIANA 
• EXOTIC COLEUS 
• MINIATURE JEW 

4 

F O R 

*1.oo 

BOXWOODS 
Best b o rd e r o r lo w p lan tin g p la n t. 
Choose y o u r size a t th e rig h t p rice. 
6-7”°foll 
6 9 s .a. or 3 (or 1 .9 5 
12*15” full 2 .4 9 ca. or 3 for 6 .o o 
I/-“ii" full 7 .9 8 or 3 for 2 I .OO 

NORTHEAST 
6923 San Pedro 
PH. 344-4576 v ' your complete professional garden center 
(/■Hem t 
/ trt—/ ,i ra m c J h w rs E a 

OPEN DAILY 8 :3 o -6 :o o 
SU N D A Y 9 o o-6 .o o 

BUDDED AND BLOOMING FULL FOLIAGE 
CALIFORNIA ROSES 

• G rand Floras • Flora Bundas • Climbers 

N ew and gold! A ll Am erican 
Q 
Roses g row ing in 2 gal. cans, 
Tagged true to name. O nly proven varie ties fo r San An- 
UP tonio, hybrid. 

The Ideal Gift 

For Mother’s Day 

Giving! 

Covers 5,ooo sq. ft. 

2on.s.59 ” 

 o 
. 

Sr. Says: 

Systemic 
QI ferti-lome |[l artinn goes 

 systemic 
~ in,° 

WEED system 
' 
KILLER sys,em 

* 4 . 9 8 

* 1 o . 9 8 
Trust your lawn to ferti-lome. ..it works! 

HARDY INDOOR FOLIAGE PLANTS 
6 Inch P ot R e g . $ 6 .9 8 D racen a 
JANETTE GRAIG 
6 Inch P o t R e g . $ 6 .9 8 DRACENA 
MARGINATA 
I 8 -2 4 inch high 
6 Inch P ot R eg . $ 6 .9 8 DRACENA 
MASSAENGENA 
I G allo n R eg . $ 5 .9 8 NEATHE 
BELLA PALM 

ARALIA FALSA 

1 5 - 18 Inch High 

I 8 - 2 4 Inch High 

1 5 - 1 8 Inch High 

*367 
$367 

$ 3 * 7 

$ 3 * 7 

$ 5 * 7 

CITRUS 
FRUIT TREES 

Grapefruit %y 9 8 

Orange 
$ g 9 8 

Mexican 
Limes 
$ ^ 9 8 

Kumquats 
$ ^ 9 8 

R ud y Sr. Says: 
USE FERT-1oME 
PRODUCTS 

BOTTLE 
BRUSH 

Large Full-Heady lush Plants 
Red Blooms-Bud & Bloom 

One Galion 
$ o 9 7 

Regular $4.98 Now w 

FIVE GALION 

Reg. $14.98 Now $ 12 
97 

ST. AUGUSTINE <♦» . 
GRASS I 
$ 1 1 5 

■ sa yd 
LOCALLY G R O W N 

F1oRATAM 
GRASS Z 
DECLINE RESISTAN 

ZOYSIA 
* ^ 
GRASS 3, 

VEGETABLE 

TIME 

Tomatoes 

Peppers 
IS wee! or Mot) 

Parsley 

Asparagus 

Lettuce 

Horse Radish 

Cantaloupe 

Rhubarb 

Cucumbers 

Straw berries 

W aterm elions 

;to michigan peat i*i * * rn rn,ct 

 lW 3 d N y D IH O IW O X D D V 9 

 m m * 

25 lb. *2.98 
5o lb. *3.98. 

 b l o o m in g g e r a n i u m s " ' 
MOTHER’S DAY SPECIAL 
3 ” P ots-R eg. 9 8 4 N O W 
/ Y 
5 ” P ots-R eg. 2 .9 8 N O W 
5 I 67 

CONFEDERATE JASMINE 
Budded and bloom s, h a rd y e v e rg re e n . V ine to r privacy or ground co ver. 
3 ” nice r u n n e r s .......................... 
8 7 
I gal. 3 o ” ru n n ers 
. . . . . . . 2 . 6 7 

COVERS 5,ooo SQ. FT. 

£ 
o 
^ 
5 
7 o lb s 

& 

WEEDKILLER 
PLUS- I 
LAWN: 
FERTILIZER 

Rudy Sr. Says: 

Covers 1125 Sq. Ft. 

3o lbs. *8 .9 5 

7o Lb. Bag 

* 11“6 

 ferti-lome 

LAWN 

N 
Chelated iron will make your lawn greener! 

An ideal basic lawn food 

You can trust your lawn to ferti-lome... it works! 

T x n, $ 5 9 ®N 

E 2 E E 1 j& 

PERMA 
TRIM 

APPLICATOR 
INCLUDED 
You can it 

 ferti-lome 

Rudy Jr. Says: 

Weed ’em and reap! 

Give your lawn a healthy feeding and control weeds at the same time. 
APPLY NOW!!! 
You can trust your lawn to ferti-lo m e...it works! ferti-lome 

I. A W P I 

I 

CO NTAINING 
FUNGICIDE 

 ferti-lome |[Y stop brown patch fungus in your lawn, 
8oW#r b^d*. and uliamentals 

*4 .9 8 
Gal.*! 4 .9 8 

•ARE your p lan ts ready for spring?! 
AND SUMMER? 

Your lawn deserves the very best. 
Give it ferti-lome... it works! 

PATTING SGU- 

( . r e m I /»• I n n r i t n ! 

( i r o n ' H t w l t h * 

 l i r a i i i I f i l l I n t u i t s m i l t \ t i t i o i i ii l l * M' i «>£«»-*« 
WTT! RC SOIL 
‘ a c ta. $ o 7 7 
J L O 
SACK u # 

BACCTO 

 trust ferti-lome works! 
B/B ARBORVITAE 

24 to 3o 
Extio full hardy evergreen fat arrent or hedge planting 

Reg. $6 9 8 
$ * > 
4 7 
W C O U PO N 
LIM IT IO 

CHINA DOLL 

? Gal 
Ever bloom ing for planter or low borders De 

 mend exceeds supply 

Reg. $3.25 
$ # > 8 7 

W CO U PO N 
J k 
LIMIT 6 

DECORATIVE BARK 

SW A ll-M E D IU M -lA R O E 
Keeps moisture ond weeds down 

Reg. S S .9 9 c y y 
W C O U PO N 
* * t 
LIMIT 4 

VALENTINE ROSE 
2 
Gal 
Ever bloom ing 
— 
Glowing red Blooms Spring 
Summer ond Fall 

Reg. S3 .2 5 
$ # > 8 9 w C O U PO N 
LIMIT 6 

ACID PEAT M O SS 

Excellent planting mixture 

 for soil & containers. 

Reg. S I. 6 9 
— — . ( 

W C O U P O N 
O f 
LIM IT 4 

 f c o u 
P 
O f g l l c c o u 
P o r u t u c o u p 
' o f s j 
U r c 
Q i i P 
Q 
K i t k r c 
Q 
L j 
P 
O i N k 
/ c o 
L j 
P 
O f v 
U f c o u 
P 
O 
N 

ASPARAGUS FERN 

3 
Tot Hardy Fern — for 
Patios or Planters — Needle tike foliage Rapid growth 
R e g - S I- 1 9 
W C O U P O N 
5 
7 
LIMIT 12 

SYCAMORE 
3 Gal 
$-6 ft rapid shade tree foi S A These are very well shoped trees. 

Reg. $ 9 .9 8 
C jm a j 

W C O U P O N 
• § 

§l„ ti A s * , * V i « - 

PEANUTS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1*977 

FOUR 
TIME 5 
FOUR 

It? 

FOUR Ti Me 5 FOUR 
IS FORTY-FOUR! 

W I N N IE W IN K LE ______________ r 
\ / 
FINE ...JUST 
> 
< AHU HOW \ FINE' I FINALLY FEEL 
AUE 
YOU LIKE I BELON&...LIKE 
DOING-, 
I IV E FOUND A HOME... 
PENNY t 
A 
A REAL HOME / 

FORTY-FOUR tim e s 
FORTY-FOUR IS 
FOUR-FORTY FORTY-FOUR! 
T 

¥ SO 

IT ISNT?WEIL, i t 
UJA5 FUN TO 5A^ J 

MUTT and JEFF 

SSS/yOU'RE NOT 
SO SM ART! YOU 

 c a n 't g u e s s 
" 
WHAT I'M COING!! 
W ELU WHAT 
AM I DOING? 

 anc? she's n o t la c k in g POR 
BEAUS, EITNER/WHAT WITH 
ALL7HE SURFERS AND 
B O D Y B U IL D E R S 
AROUND/ 

IN D Y CAPP 

I'VE TAKEN OVER W H IL E T " 
MISTER RITSON1*© IM 
HOSPITAL — OR A V IF h i SAR G E IN ? . 

AND WHAT ABOUT 
YOU,BILLY? HAVE 
YOU POUND A 
JOB? 

YES 
I AM 
I AM 
GOING 
UPSTAIRS! 

Y E A H ? 
RE NOT m o v i n g ! 

 s k n o w ! 
I'M ON 
AN 

 e l e v a t o r : 

IP y o u 'r e o n a n 
ELEVATOR. YOU'RE 
NOT w a lk in g u p a f l ig h t o f 
STAIRS? 

WHY SHOULD I 
WHEN THERE'S 
AN ELEVATOR 
GOING u p ! 

 well SOFT o f...wrTH] G II TH O R P* m r .M iller h e r e/ 
AND I'VE BEEN DOING* 
SOME WRITING / 

© *§f? if Tfc# CX ‘MMM- T>*i 
** •‘•Mi Fmmtmmi 
J 

JOSSI PALKER 

L . amd siMc€ You re 
O U R B E S T 6 L O U E M A M , 

I T H O U S f l T Y O U M IG H T 

G IV E H G R A P E V Y T IP S .’’ 

O N STAGE 

.IF YOU PONT 
BELIEVE ME, SERGE, 
GO LOOK AT THE ^ 
T A P E S / 

UH ...ALL RIGHT, 
MARY... I 
WILL... 

MEANWHILE... 
/ ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT! 
GIVE IT A REST, I'M 
COMING! 

THIS WAS LEFT 
COWN IN THE 
ENTRANCE HALL 
FOR MISS PERKINS. 

FLOWERS?... ANR 
^ THEY WERE JUST 
] LEFT THERE? 
YOU DIDN'T SEE 
WHO LEFT 
THEM? 

IF A PERSON! 
F R O M N E W 
Y O R K ... 

IS 
A 
N E W 
Y O R K E R 

Po k e y is a c r e e p/ 
MEEAM! NEEAM! 

J W A T E f 
W O M E N / 

/ " 
» - . i 

8 o ^ 1 K ID S A R £ S U R E 
GETTING MARRIED 
YOU MG T H E S E D A Y S 

WHAT DO 
YOU CALL 
A PERSON 
PROM 
CLEVELAND ? 
I 

S A D .... 
PIT I FU!____ 
C R A ZY ...... 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 
DENNIS THE MENACE 

B.C. 
VANNA <£HAKE-UP A 
WHOLE GANG* OF FOLK ? 

 j r T 

T 

W H A T V O I 

HAVE TO P O ? 

 e o T o h co^e-a^-you-are p a rty 

P R E M E D in PPAGj. 

T 

¥3o 

< 4 - 1 o 

Copyright 197/, 
The Register and Ti ibunc* 
Syndical** Inc 

J O il 

 v $ m / 

TH ILV V IIA R D lQEJUD 

 i i 

W H E R E 

Y O U K E R P 
LOVE TOT IOU 

KERRY DRA K t 

WHAT va You 
WANT IT 

F O K ? 
I 

4 -3 o 

J 
TWTZf LITTLER 

C U M U L O - N I M B U S 
I'VE HAV MY BYV COM 

 fir' 

The picture s flippin’ and Sylvester and Tweety are 

 on." 

"They look like weeds to me, too, Joey . . . but my Mom 

 says they're lots prettier than any old roses.” 

T v 

_LJ 

ACROSS 

51 
Author 
Fleming 
Folksinger 
Seeger 
53 
8 Child s vehicle 57 

Crime 
Identifications 
(SIJ 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 

VERA V A LIA N T 

MARTIN, HOW WILL IT 
HELP /O U WIN VERA 
IF I PATE H E R 
AUNT G L A D Y S ? . 

 w 
\ 

A FINE WRITER 
YOU ARS, WELBY. 
PON' T y o u 
, 
S E E THE 
S IN IS T E R y ^ N UANCES ? 

FIRST, TOU WORM 
YOUR WAY INTO 
G I AVYS' 
COWE/PE N C E 

GOOP-O f W EN I JELL 
HEP HOW O R E A T YOU 
ARS-A N O BHE TELLE 
VERA ! 

WNTHROP, HOW 
VE RA, VERA — 
CAN MELBA G ET J 
THE ANSW ER 
IG G O S IM P L E ! 

12 Notice 
13 Not fat 
14 One 
15 Tax agency 
(abbr.) 
16 Acquired by foul means 
(comp wdJ 
18 Lowered in volume 
2o Water (FrJ 
21 Eggs 
22 I (GerJ 
24 Fish spear 
26 Ballerina 
3o Hem 
34 Mountain near ancient Troy 
35 Hockey league (abbr.) 
36 Watchful 
37 Employ anew 
39 Hoosier state 
(abbr) 
41 Perch 
42 This (Sp) 
43 Food poisoning 
45 Average 

6o 

H8mmarskjold 
Travels 
Silent 
Mischievous child 
Enthusiasm 
At all times 
Of God (Lat) 
Island near 
Corsica 
Televisions 
Swift aircraft 
(abbr J 

DOWN 

Egyptian deity 
Air (prefix) 
Wyandotte abode 
Geological age 
Lamprey 
Anecdote 
Undertake 
Except 
Toward the center 
Russian city 
Heating apparatus 

T I M T 
(VI 
U M p 
T 
H 
E 
N 

B 
I 
D! E 
P 
o 
E 
N 
E 
R 
O 

6 : D 1 1 In 
o 
N 
S 
T 
A 
M 
S 

N 
I t | 
S 
N 
O £ 
K 
V 
I 
E 

E I M o c 
M 
E 
V 
£ 
N 
S 

 l G « u 
E I 
H 
R 
O 
N 
£ 
T 
R 
I 
I c 
I 

o 
R 
E 
P 
H 
o 

I s Q U 
I 
o 
S 
I 
E 
V 
* 
S A 
U T 
E 
E D 
E M 
A 
H ] I 
E ■ 
T 
IFT 
P rv E T 

O I N 
E s 
U 
T 
I 
A 
1 H s 

€ 
T 
N 
A 
IM E r 
S 
A 
G 
I 

 rT e s 
T 
S s 
T 
P 
L 
E 
A 

4o 
17 Gallic affirmative 
19 Poetic 
43 contraction 
44 
23 Questioning 
46 sound 
48 
25 Agar 
26 Life and death 
27 Cooling drinks 4g 
28 Of ships 
(abbr) 
29 Narrow opening 
31 Bandleader 
Arnaz 
32 Broad smile 
33 Feminine 
(suffix) 
36 Fans 
38 Tree fluid 

Numbers 
(abbr.) 
Brags 
Year (Sp) 
Fruit drink 
Phrase of un­ derstanding (2 wds.) 
Sheltered glen 
Incrustation 
Bestow 
Gives comfort 
Mesdames 
(abbr.) 
Roasting stick 
Genetic material 
Dog doctor, for short 

1 
T“ 
4 
5 
6 
7 
6 
9 
IO 
11 

12 
~ 
14 

15 
TF" 

18 
• 9 
■ 

2o 
21 

22 
23 a 
TI” 
25 

26“ 27 
~ 
29 a 
3o 
31 
32 
IT" 

34 
H 
Ii” 
■ 
36 

3 7 
38 
-J 
V • 39 
4o 
% 
S 
T j 
42 r n 

43 
44 
L _ 
45 
46 
■ 
~ 4 ~ 

49 TcT iT~ 
52 
■ 
53 
54 
55 
56 

57 

Ut 
OD 

59 
6o 

61 
62 
63 

64 
65 
66 lo 

ACROSS 

1 S. Pac. bark cloths 
6 South 
African province 
11 Parents: 
Informal 
1 4 of thumb 
1 5 
Coast 
16 High mountain 
17 Kitchen gadget 
18 Washington community 
2o Value more highly 
22 Go into 
23 — machine 
25 To the degree that 
28 Jail cell: 
Slang 

29 Russian commune 
3o Saluted 
32 Place in a grave 
34 Ardent(ans 
39 More suspicious 
42 Goddess of wisdom 
43 Imperil 
45 Weights of containers 
46 Cruel people 
49 Cricket field parts 
5o Scrape harshly 
54 English city 
55 Abounding in pismires 

56 Constrain 
58 "Tennis, 
?’• 
6o Central 
American nation 
63 Poor muscular tone 
66 Kiln for drying hops: Var. 
67 Ism 
68 Suspension of hostilities 
69 Female ruff 
7o Maliciously derogatory 
71 Wears: 2 words 

DOWN 

1 Plumbing item 
2 Textile screw pine 
3 Had the appearance of 
4 Watchful 
5 Char the surface of 
Var 
6 
Creed 
Christian statement 
7 Turned away 
8 Freight volume unit 
9 Skill 
1o Stringed instrument 
1 1 Former 
British colony 
1 2 Immigrant 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

[e I r I i [e r a 
I i1a | p I t 
C F N T n n n n n a n n o o 
o 
o ft 
I Bi R| 
L3 ATB] 
T 
L r t i A 

L l JO r V EE M k r *' T T T C 
J 
A s s 5 MrnD 
o 

 a 

E 
R p f w r A T 

[ P j I 
A- 

 r 
o, a s p I 
□Q JQ U H 
LLLE E E 
E 
E A rn 
B O 
O I' 
IEE2 I n 13 a n i l a u 
N L S N pi U s s E - 
T ■ d e |w 
J, 
. 5/ - P D R 
P IG R B H 
- I OL[ aiOIN 
I n a i i o n Kl > E 
J 
I PnJL 
o.IR _NH 
D o o N n 
S I-I III I 
9 
T I 
A L. 2 x 
L 
I si ElLa_T ft £ 
J 
T E c N Y1 

13 Glistening particle 
19 Emmet 
21 Ermine 
 pleasure 
24 Flax liber thread 
26 Detail 
27 Tribe of 
Israel 
3o Broad smiles 
31 Dos and 

33 Turning point 

41 Repetition 
44 Attempted to surpass 
47 Washington legislative body 

48 Essay 
5o Severe act 
51 Divert 
52 Sudden flood 
53 Favorite 

55 Bone cavities 
57 Rents 
35 Asian shrub 59 Truth 
36 Wrong pledge 
37 Occurrence 61 Pieces in 
38 Impudent 
Informal 
4o Oath ex­ pressing surprise 

 chess 
62 Black bird 
64 Sgt. 
65 Oriental coin 
TF 

(N EWSPAPER ENTERPRISE ASSN i 

= Express-News W ant Ads 225-1666 

Tumor removal is safe 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 977 
NANCY 

© 1 9 7 7 United Feature Syndicate inc 
GO G E T THAT 
E L E C T R IC IA N 
W H O i n s t a l l e d i t l a s t 
W B K 
W E E K 

O U R D O O R B E L L 
IS O U T OF 
,___ 
O R D E R tr^ rJ 
PLEASE 
XNQCX 

POOR 
B E L L 
N O T 
WORKING 

E LE C TR IC IA N 

 lo hove vour proltleni stored ttr ti <jurs- tion answered, write Action-Express, PJP. 
Httx 2171, San Antonio, TX 7H2*)7. 
Persistent stain 
I am writing this letter in hopes of soliciting some help in dealing with a local entrepreneur who has failed to meet with a contractual agreement. 
The individual owns and operates a local cleaners. 
About three weeks ago I purchased a new set of 
Army whites for $89.75. I had the whites tailored at 
Ft. Sam Houston and wore them one night. 
Prior to wearing the whites I visually inspected them to see if any defects existed. None were noted. 
After the first wearing I took the whites to the cleaners. 
After two days I returned to pick up the whites. I did not look at them until I returned home, at which time I noticed that the whites had two large brown water stains on the pants legs. 
I wore the whites that evening and returned them the following day to the cleaners to point out the stains. 
I was told the cleaners would insure the stain was removed. 
My wife picked up the whites about two days later and did not check to see if the stain was removed.. 
That night I noticed the stain was still present. 
I told my wife to take the pants back arid she did so the following day. She pointed out the stain to tho* owner and said that since the cleaners had put the stain in the pants, they should either remove the; stain or replace the pants. 
My wife told me she was not abusive or threaten- ing. She also told me the owner hedged but finally* said he would do his best. lie was indignant that my wife would even come in and complain about his lack of service. She told me he raised his voice but did not use abusive language. 
On April 25, my wife called the owner to ask if the pants would be ready that day. She was informed by the owner she was out of line and causing him problems. 
She was cussed at and yelled at over the phone. 
After verbal abasement, the owner told her we were not permitted to do business at his establishment- again. 
My wife called mc at my office in tears. I called the ow ner to verify this and he began to cuss me out * 
I took it for five minutes before he told me I would have to get a court order to make him replace the, pants. 
I don’t feel my request for cleaning an expensive’ 
Army uniform entitles me or my wife to such abuse. 
I also feel that since this firm put the stains in the pants, it should either take out the stains or replace the pants. 
» 
Since Army whites are sold as a total uniform, I* am unable to purchase the pants alone. Conse> quently, I feel that it is w ithin the ow ncr’s respon­ sibility to reimburse me $89.75. 
I would appreciate all that you can do to help me in this matter. 
M. W. I.. 

I’m on that rather rauqh pavement going up the left-hand side of Grosvenor Avenue, aren't I ?... Anyway, now ifs lifting so well se* 
^ 
^ 

W HISTLE 
BEFORE 
ENTERING 
TUNNEL 

YOU CAN ALWAYS 
CALL THE STATE 
CAPITOL, MOMMA. 

NO T V \A Z \H & 
THE PAY, MOMMA 
WCN'T IT 
FRIGHT EN 
THEM ? J 
TH O M AE, THAT 
MEAN? THEY'LL 
BE SETTING A 
LONG-PITTANCE 
CALL / 
By George €. 

T ho steso n, M D 

/Ogle laT* 

GO AHEAD, > JUD HERE SHOT THE 
RANGER 
J 'GATOR BECAUSE HE 
JOHNSON/ ) 
HAD ALAtOSr KILLED 
. y 
HIS DOG. . .HE DID KILL 
' A r f 
~ A AWD EAT HIS PIG A N D 
„ 
P ® 
HE THREATENED ONE C r 
\ 
OF HIS LITTLE 
/A r / 
/J IH 
SISTERS/ rtjfsLS 

I HAD TO ARREST HIM. 
BUT I THINK HE WAS r 
COMPLETELY 
V i 
JUSTIFIED IN 
T L . 
WHAT HE D ID /^ E E 

P h le g m 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Could you discuss the prob­ lem of phlegm in the throat? Where does it come from ? Is it sig n ific a n t if it changes color or consistency? — C.B. 
The mucous lining of the respiratory tract, in­ cluding the nose and throat, is continually producing mucus (or phlegm). The purpose is too cool the incoming air and get rid of unwanted bacteria and foreign particles. It does this efficiently and unno­ ticed until it is forced to overwork because of some irritation. Then it overproduces and we have a 
“ running” nose or phlegm in the throat, often a cough. 
A dusty atmosphere can be enough to set off heavy mucus formation. Smoking is a source of chronic mucus. Allergy is another source, animal dander being a prime offender. Chronic infection of the nasal sinuses is another common cause of excessive mucus. 
In most longstanding cases continuing irritation is the secondary cause of the mucus, and one m ust search for the principal culprit in the environment. 
Thick mucus usually indicates an infection, more so than clear thin mucus. Often, if the source is not eliminated, more serious problems develop such as a sinus infection. I discuss this in my booklet on the various sinus problems. For a copy, send 35 cents and a stamped, self-addressed envelope to me care of this newspaper. 

STEYE ROPER 
INH/LE /M A GRUBBY HOTEL R O O M -m m Sg^ 
' Chatta va gripin'T"me. I wanna see 
ABOUT, CHIMP? WE J H E R /-IH PERSON* 
KNOW WHAT SHE 
\ 
SO WE DONT 
LOOKS LIK E - FROM ) SNATCH THE 
T q 
THIS PITCHER* 
I 
W R O N G plE D /JH 

COME OM, Y I LL SEE YA AT 
DARLING !J THE USUAL TIME 
• JOIN 
< TOMORROW,MISS 
ME IN A 
) LEMOYNE/ 

 n ig h tc a p! /^ — 

W 
W-W6LL, YOU'RE NOT 
Tm sure y o u w o u ld 
\ a b o u t t o fin d o u t / 
LOOK BETTER IN THIS J 
-• IT S MIDNIGHT/ 
ROBE THAN MY THIRD 
THE TIM E I GO 
HUSBAND DID, MICHAEL/ j 
OFF DUTY/ 
V " 

OOONESBURY 

THE SDR /(H ABIB PITS. m s THE 
IT HAD SOMETHING TD 
STORY 
DO tm 
HER HYMEN. 
ANY 
BRENDA, OF COURSE, ATE 
GOOD? 
IT UP. V 
— s. 

JOANIE, I REALLY DONT 
KNOR] HOW MUCH MORE OF 
THIS I CAN JAKE. WHEN 
ARE YOU GRADUATING? 

WELL, 
FARRAH'S FINE. 
HELLO! 
RICK'S A B A S - 
. 
HOW'S 
KET CASE.. 
I FARRAH? 
\ 
A 
/ 
I 

IN THREE 
WEEKS, 
GOD, I 
THANK 
HOPE I 
YOO. 
MAKE IT .. 

To find oui what causes high blood pressure and what can be done to treat it, send for a copy of "Controlling Your Blood Pressure 
(Hypertension)" by Dr. Thosteson. W rite to him in care of this newspaper, enclosing a long, self-addressed, stamped envelope and 25 cents. 

The cleaners owner cleaned both the jacket; said the stain was there and pants for him even when you brought the though I was only oblii pants in. Ile said he pro- gated to clean thd inised you they would do pants,” the owner said, the best they could to get 
He did not want to the stain out. doubt your word on th* 
“The dry cleaning pro- stains so he did the job, cess takes most stains the owner said. “ We sc­ out, even if they are che- me times make mistakes mical stains," the owner so I agreed to clean them said. a second tim e free of 
Evidently, however, charge.” another chem ical had 
Both the owner and the been introduced on the employe say they asked stain making it impossi- your wife if the work was hie to get out. satisfactory when she 
The owner suggested picked up the pants the you used K2R or some second time and she said other stain remover to it was fine, try and get it out your- 
The owner also said he self. yelled at your wife on the 
When another employe phone, but he said she was contacted about this had it coming because problem (independently she was verbally abusive of the owner), he also in the store, said there was evidence 
‘‘She was very threaf of some homework in tening in front of all my getting the stain out. customers,” the owner 
The owner went on to said. “ I didn’t appreciate say he usually lets his her behavior and I told employes leave at 2 p.m. her so when she called each day. When you me.” brought the pants in after 
Finally, there is a tick- noticing the stain the et stub with a number first time, he told you from another cleaners in there was nothing he the pants pocket. This could do at that time. particular firm writer 
He suggested you wear the clothing ow ner’s them that night and name in the article of bring them in the follow- clothing, so there is evi- ing day. donee another cleaners 
“ I went ahead and may be involved. 

W 
R P Every w o r d y o u rd y answer is a 

■ 
■ l l l l ■ ■ 
,h >'m in t’ r ;nr " f words i like I 
Blue, 
WW w i & 
W 
JI r i ain Line, and Hiimpty Dumpty ) 
Read the definition, then think of two 
■ I l B r rhy,11lnF words that will fit in the letter 
IS S I I T squares'! he number after the definition wly © I l f A tells you how many syllables in each 
BY T R IC K Y R IC K Y word of the rhyming pair. m a r y w o r t h 

IS MPS. WORTH 
WITH HIM? d 
WITHOUT 
DOUBT/- SHE 
SPENDS MUCH 
TIME WITH HIM 
THESE DAYS!j 

HE 15 READY 
\ IC THINKS SO I­ 
TO WALK HON 
AND HE IS NOTAN 
WITHOUT HEIP ? I EASY MAN TO WIN riprawjT V ^ 
It r C r 
V with/ 
J 

MR. CAVISTON ' 
1 
CALLED PERSONALLY/ 
— HE INSISTS THAT 
WE REMOVE THE CAST 
FROM HIS LEG/ a 

I. Plastic pork roast (I) 
I bunk * and 
S t* 

 to Lewis Hock of Port 
Huron, MI for Hi. 
Send yam beat rhyme 
A definition lo ifeki tta m e f. 

M'SIEU LE MEPECIN / 
WE DD NOT EXPECT YOU. 
2. S enate M ajority Leader listened (I) 

3. Ju n g le girl’s ache* (I) 

4. H i there, big stringed instrum ent (2) 

5. A stro n au t A rm strong's ca r (I) 

6. Rejects corn chips (2) 

7. I 'sc o f m oney still undecided (2) 
RICK O ’SHAY 

B E C A U S E N E X T TIAAE X t,E E VOL-1, X /Vt/VA T ' O U N 
YOU X ' F R A G M E N T S ', AN 
TH E N S H O O T AT 
__________ 
U . T H E p i e c e d ! -J 

IN I'IN W ONION M S i SCHUH S J O I JA ♦ S ] MHW S H IN s 
O I I J J O I IJH * SM Y * SJN V f f USY IM OMA* I HYH WYMS I 
•sajwsNY 
® 
( N 
O 
W 
Y O U ' D & E S O T R IE P E , 
> P 1 L & R 1 M . . F A R , A N ' R A & T . f 
A N ' D O N ' T V O U E V E N ! 
I 
T H I N K A B O U T C O AA UM ' « - 
V 
_ B A C K . . ________ 
/ 

STAN 
LYNDE a to n e , you re r e s tle s s , lf w ith o thers, you ve the m a k in g s of a p r o tr a c te d w r a n g le . C a tc h up w ith o ld f r i e n d s , i n - l a w s ; som ebody needs y o u r help. 
L E O 
(J u ly 
2 3 -A u g . 
2 2 ): 
Y o u've in a serious fra m e , of mind, others are in a mood to play gam es. Don't try for too e x te n s iv e a p ro g ra m . W a tc h your hum or: a few people c a n ’t take it. 
V IR G O (A ug. 23-Sept. 2 2 ): 
Money, how to spend it, is up for attention. Don't be persuaded to buy things that aren 't lust rig ht, e v e n a t th e e x p e n s e of a r ­ gument, em barrassm ent. 
LIB R A (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): 
The world seems distraught, battered bv d ile m m a s , s e e k in g a scapegoat, lf you're on the bail, vou'll stay out from under. For once, don’t attem pt arbitration. 
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): 
Resistance is in evitab le. M in d over-m atter approaches a re no m o re s u c c e s s fu l th a n h e a d over-heart struggles. A sense of the ridiculous eases frustration. 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N o v . 22-D ec. 
21): 
Friends dem and m ore than you can contribute. Deals grow very complex. A loan is ready to be written off as vou g rant it. 
Give outright, torget it. 
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19) 
Fam ily ties a re binding, lim it your range of fre e expression. 
Stories vou hear ase hard to tell, harder yet to understand. Com ­ passion saves a relationship. 
AQ UARIUS (Jan. 2o-Feb. 18): 
T ravel, rom ance, en tertain m en t suffer sudden changes, take the wind out of your sails. Expect little of close frie n d s : they re human not saintly in nature. 
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 2o): 
Pay too g re a t a sh a re of Ih e outlays, go out of your w ay to organize m atters for people with better resources. W here does it lead? You soon find out. 

YOUK 
BIRTHDAY 
SUNDAY: Your year is full of mind-sharpening episodes, high rew ards for taking initiative, do­ ing your own thinking. 
The last quarter-year is quiet, a tim e for em o­ tional and sp iritu a l needs. Express your true feelings iii all real rela­ tionships. T oday’s na­ tives are a m bitiou s, dependable, with leader­ ship qualities. Those born this year before 3:1o p.m. EDT will be artists iii exacting media, such as jewelry design. Those born later will go iii for intangibles, ideas. 

AR IE S (M arch 21-Aprit 19): 
Go on your own resources, in i­ tiative, don't expect continued tin a n c in g , su p p o rt. A llo w to r tem peram ent. People are sensi­ tiv e , b ic k e r m o re th a n th e y agree. 
TA U R US (A p ril 2o-May It)): 
O b s e rv e s a fe ly ru le s ! C h eck yo u r hom e fo r s e c u rity , a n y h a za rd s th at h ave d e v e lo p e d u n n o ticed , a little at a tim e . 
S o cializin g runs to con fusion , delay. 
, 
G E M IN I (M ay 2t-June 2o): 
So m any things a re said vou can choose wtiat vou want to believe. 
Those who ca re test you w ith teasin g , try lo fin d w h at the limits ot your tolerance are. 
CA N C ER (June 21-July 22): lf 

APARTMENT 3-G rW H A T DO YOU ^ 
I THINK f MEAN IDS JUST 
TM GOING 
A STORY? TVS REAL 
TO HAVE 
TO ME / HARLEY/ 
A TALK 
EVEN WILBUR 
WITH THAT 
V THE DONKEY 
.PUBLISHER/ 
\ IS C P Y lN G -> A fc ^ 

ITS THE CRUELEST / BUT IT'S 
THING IV E EVER 
ONLY A 
DONE l l HAD 
V STORY-- 
THE BABY HIPPO f S * 
, i 
KILLED BY A k p o a c h e r / 
^ 

 r I DID WHAT 
THE PUBLISH­ 
ER SAID I 
SHOULD D O / 
I KILLED OFF 
WENDE IXG k LITTLE SON I a 

Bus driver 
I want to be the voice of many who caught the bus* from Wonderland Mall and went downtown for 
Fiesta on the first night — the one with the big rain and flooding. 
Enroute, all passengers were laughing and having. a great time of revelry. No use telling of our return; trip in the downpour and all the newly m ade streams. 
But let me tell you about our great bus driver. Our bus was loaded — people standing from back to front. All were soaking wet. 
This fine, great driver toured us through streets with stalled cars and other buses with stranded passengers. lie kept our spirits up by singing and soon we all joined in, laughing and joking all the time he was taking us on detours and out-of-the-way streets without a wobble. 
The passengers were delivered safely and with very high spirits to where they had caught the bus earlier in the evening. 
We want to thank this great bus driver for giving us a fine ride and for his safe driving in such a downpour through such waterways. 
THELMA POOL 

Action-Express would Antonians with excellent also like to thank E. D. service so their outing to 
Estell for providing San 
Fiesta was not ruined 

NEWTON, DO 
^ 
YOU HEAR ME ? 
WHAT'S WRONG-? 

MISS PEACH m i V E WuNt5'71HZ5THEir(3LCT 
NEWSPAPER WITH AN 
_ 
IMPOSSIBLE HEADLINE ? 

VB*, MR. GRIMMITT 
COLUMBIA* *A\ 
TO AM ERICA x 
NEXT W S B K ' s c m < ~ 
QMM 

/ t u n r n 
. ^ . 

The POWER of FAITH 

By WOOD I ISHMAEL 

THE BIBLE 

No. 289 Rebuilding the Temple 

In the second year of the reign of King Darius I, the Lord sent a m essage to his prophet Haggai. It was Haggai's duty to inform the governor of Judah and the High Priest that the tem ple was to be re­ built before the land would again be made productive. 
“Go up to the mountain, and bring wood, and build the house; and I will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, saith the Lord. Ye looked for much, and, lo, it came to little; and when ye brought it home, I did blow upon it. Why? saith the Lord of hosts. Because of mine house that is waste, and ye run every man unto his own house. Therefore tfie heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit." (Haggai 1:8-1o) 
However, once the rebuilding was underway, the prophet delivered a more salutary prophecy. "Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the Lord's tem ple was laid, consider it.... from this day will I bless you." (Haggai 2:18-19) 

■ 
- 
■ 
A P 
N e w f e a t u r e s , 
— 
— 

A Special 
In vitatio n 
To A ttend 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

Loot) I ?— I m ile 
N o rm of H ig h w a y 93fc 
E d i t 111 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 

1o3 S. F lo re s St 
CA6 MBI 
Bexar County 
National Bank 

M em ber F O I C 

Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 

M a n u fa ctu re d av B lue Bonnet 
Potato Chio C om pony 

Assembly 

CHURCH OF 
CA S T LE H I L L S 

211 Roleto 
(IV * M iles West of C e n tral Pork 
M oll on L oop 41o) 
342-4229 
Pastor Joh r Hogee 
Sunday School 
V: 3o A M 
M o rn in g W orship 
IO 3o A M 
E ve n in g W orship 
6 oo P M 
W ednesday 
C ity W ide B ible Study & 
Y outh S e rvice 
2 3o P V 
N u rs e ry p ro v id e d a t an very ices. 
The C h u rch You ve Been 
L o o kin g For 

G O S P E L 
A S S E M B L Y 
P o sfor M. W. H u zelip 
412 C a ta lin a 
Just off H ild e b ra n d A ih lo 
W o rs h ip a n d B ib le F e llo w s h ip 
1o:oo A M. 
W orship Sunaay E ve / OO o rn 
W ednesday B ib le Study 2:3o p.m. 
The C hurch W ith T ru th F o r It s 
H eart. 

Assembly of God 

FIRST 
A S S E M B L Y 
OF GOD 

83o S E M ilita ry Or 
(Between Roosevelt and Flores) 
Rev Oov Robison, Pastor 
Phone 922-2 St I —924-1S82 
SU ND A v 
S E R V IC E 
Sunda. 
School - v 45 a rn 
W o rsh ip * 
IO 43 a n i 
J u n io r C h u rch Sery ices in A u x ilia ry A u d ito riu m for 
C h ild re n ol a ll ages - IO 43 a .rn 
Youth 
M eetings 
— 
6 OO a m 
E va n g e listic 
S e rvices 
- 
2: OO p in. 
W E D N E S D A Y 
D eeper 
Lite 
B id V S ervices — 
2 JO P m 
A l fended 
N u rse rie s o p e ra te oh services 

OAK M E A D O W 
A S S E M B L Y OF 
GOD 
2214 Hunters G reen 
(N W. S A .) 
Phone 492 2311 
Rev Jock Robertson, Pastor 
Sunday Services 
Sunday School—9 45 a.m . 
M orning W orship— IO 45 a m. 
Praise fla tly — / OO p rn. 
Wed Fam ily night J : JO p rn 
N U R S E R Y 
P R O V ID E D 
TOR 
A L L S E R V IC E S 
‘‘Come and Find L o v e '' 

G LA D T I D I N G 
A S S E M B L Y 
OF GOD 
2143 So W W. White Rd f.o o p 13) ja m es H. Brothers, Pastor 
W ayne Von Assistant Pastor 
Sunday 
Services 
Sunday 
School 9:45 a rn. to 12:oo noon. New C oncept in C h ristia n E d u ca tio n . M o rn in g 
W orship IO SO c m 
Y outh Serv ice 6 OO p m . E v a n g e lis tic Serv ice 2:oo p.m . W edne sday Serv ice. Bible Study. 2: JO p rn 
Royal 
R angers and 
M is s io n c fls 
2:3o p m 
N u rs e ry a tte n d a n t on duty at each se rvice 
Day C are and K in d e rg a rte n 
A fast g ro w in g s p iritu a l c h u re l w ith a vision. 

Primitive Baptist 
Churches 

Do You Know God s Prom ises? 
How Do They Apply To You? 
This Could Bring Peace To You. 
EASTSIDE 
12o6 W. Hem Rd. 
Phone: *55-2922 or 333-2*3o 
Pastor; Elder (D r.) J. P. Dole Jr. 
Services 
2ND 
S A T U R D A Y 
N IG H T 
2.3o 
P M. 
2ND Sunday IO 3o A M. 
4TH Sunday 1o:3o A .M , 

SAN A NTO NI O 
4o5 W alton Ave. 
M eets l i t . Villi and 4th Sundays at 
1o:3o A M 
For in fo rm a tio n call 661 /o38 a tte r 
6 oo P M. 

NORTHSI DE 

18o1 West Thorain 
(One blk E. of West Ave. of Northwest E xpressw ay) 
C hurch: 734 2197 hom e: 342 58o9 
P astor E ld e r 
S am m y Box 
M o rn in g W orship IO: 3o 
E ve ning W o rsh tp 6 :3 o 
Wed. 
N ight P ro v e r M e eting 2:3o 

Sodthern Baptist 

CA STLE HI LLS 
FIRST BA PTI ST 
CHURCH 

222o N.W M ilitary Hwy 
Blanco exit oft Loop 41o 
"P ro claim in g the Abundant 
Life in C hrist" 
Dr. George H. H a rris, Pastor 
James H. Ennis, 
Associate P astor 
M alcolm A. G rainger, 
M in is te r of M usic 
Ed R. Human, 
F ie ld E vang elist 
Irv in g Cook 
Education D irector 
Helen Cade 
C h urch V is ito r 
Sunday Schools <9 3o l l OO gen » 
M orn ing W orship S e rvices <9:3o 
A 11 OO a m 
E vening W orship S e rvice ( / OO p m .) 
C h ristian T ra in in g Hour (6 OO p in ) 
W ednesday P ra y e r S e rvice ( / IS p .m .) 
N u rse ry open tor o il services 

CR E S T V I E W 
B A PT I S T 
CHURCH 

Wolzem at E aglecrest—*55-2451 
( I M ile East of 

Roosevelt High School) 
L arry J. Jones, Pastor 
Som Moore, Music Director 

9 43 a.m . Bible Study tor alt ages i i OO a rn W orship S ervice 
6 OO o rn. Sunday n ig h t Place 
/ OO p m E ve n in g W orship Serv 

 ice 
/ OO p rn 
W ednesday 
P ro ve r 
S ervice 
N u rs e ry open tor ult services. 
Visitors welcome 
"Com e Grow With Us" 

E I S E N H A U E R 
ROAD BA PTI ST 
395o Eisenhauer Rood 
Phil Jewett, M inister of Music and Youth 
Sunday School -■ 9:3o a m M orn ing W o rs h ip -IO 45 a m ., C hurch 
T ra in in g — 6:oo p in ., 
E vening 
W orship 
— 
/ OO p .m .; 
M ission 
O rga nizatio ns — 6:3o p m . Wed ncsdav; M id Week P ra y e r Serv ice - /: 15 p.m .. G rad ed C hoirs, 
K in d e rg a rte n ; 
Bus 
M in is try . 
N u rsery p rovid ed. 

L A C K L A N D 
BAPTI ST 
CHURCH 

2218 Frontier Dr 
624 22o2 
Jomes O Todd, Pastor 
Stephen H eadier 
M inister of Education 
Jim m y M urdock, 
Music & Youth Director 
Sunday S ervices: 
8; JO a rn. F irs ! W orship S ervn e 
9 3o a rn. Sunday School l l OO a rn Second W orship Serv ice 
4 OO p in. Y outh Choir 
5:45 a m C h urch Ti am m a 
2 .o o p m 
E v e i l i n g 
W orship 
Serv ii e 
W ednesday S ervices: 
6 JO p m. T eachers' & O fficers 
M eeting Acteens. G irls in Action 
R A. s A P re School C hoir. 
/ 3o p.m . 
M id 
Week 
P ro ve r 
Service. 

(N U R S E R Y O P E N FOR A L L 
S E R V IC E S ) 
G R A D E D 
C H O IRS 
(Septem ber through A p ril) 
T u e s d a y 
— 
3 : o o 4 :o o p m , 
(G rades I 6) 
W ednesday 
— 
3 : o o 3 : 4 5 p m 
(G rades I 2) 

FIRST B A PT I S T 
CHURCH 
SIS McCullough 
"O n ly M inutes Away by E xpressw ay" 
Dr. Jim m y R Allen, Pastor 

Sunday Services 
9:3o a m Sunday School 
11 oo a .rn M o rn in g W orship 
6 OO p m C hurch T ra in in g 
/ o5 p m. E ve ning W orship 
2:15 p.m . W ednesday m id w e e k se rvice (B ro a d ca st over K K Y X 
R adio and 
KSAT 
(C hannel 
12, 
11 OO a.m . Sunday). 

MANO R 
BAPTI ST 
CHURCH 

M onor D r at M e re d ith 
(2 blocks west of 
Jefferson High School) 

D r. N athan L Stone, 
P astor 

D r. P rentess F e rre ll 
Associate P a s to r/ 
C h ristia n E d ucation 

M r. Lee M are sh, 
M in iste r of M usic 

M iss D iane H a rt, 
M in is te r of Y outh & R e cre a tio n 

9 3o a m Sunday School 
1o.5o a.m . M o rn in g w o rship. 
S e rm o n by P a s to r N a th a n L 
Stone, "A C risis in A u th o rity ." 
6:oo p.m. E vening W orship Ser mon by Pastor N athan L. Stone, 
•‘ In M y F a th e r s H o u s e A re 
M ony R oom s." 
/ p.m. W ednesday S ervice. 
Supervised n u rse ry to all services. 

NO R T H R I D G E 
PA RK B A PT I ST 
CHURCH 
Chevy Chose & Eisenhauer Rd. 
T A4-o539 
James M. Reid, Pastor 
9 3o a.m. Sunday School for an ages. 
IO: 55 a m. 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
S ervice 
6:oo p.m . C hurch in tra in in g . 7 p.m . E vening W orship Service. 
2:3o p.m . 
W ednesday, 
P ro v e r 
Service 
N u rse ry open for on services 
V isito rs welcom e 

PAR KH I LLS 
BAPTI ST 
14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Dr. Jonn Barbee, Pastor 
Sid W. Millegan, Education 
Lloyd G arcia, Choir M aster 
Sam Sowder, M inister of Youth 
K arisha Leeper, Music A Youth 
9:3o A M. SU ND AY SCHOOL 
1o:3o A M W OR SH IP S E R V IC E 
5:45 P.M . C H R IS T IA N T R A IN 
INC 
6 45 P M. E V E N IN G S E R V IC E 
7:3o P.M . W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y 
ER SE R V IC E 
Supervised n u rse ry of all s e rv ­ ices 

S HE A RE R HI LLS 
BA PT I ST 
CHURCH 

8o2 O B LA TE 
D r, Charles J. 
Wisdom 
Pastor 
Phillio Sidon 
M inister of Music and Adm inistration 
John M. (M o rty ) 
Brown 
Rev. Dan Kibbe, 
M inister of Education 
6:oo p.m .—M eal and 
P ro v e r 
T im e 
6:45 — B ib le S tudy, O rg a n iz a ­ tiona l m eetings, 
M ission 
A u x ilia rie s 
2:3o p .m .—C hoir 
R e hearsal 
V isita tio n 

NO RT HE A S T 
B A P T I S T 
CHURCH 

293o Bitters Road—824-2235 
W H. Long— Pastor 
Cliff H ard en—M u s ic /Youth 
SU ND AY S C H E D U L E 
9:3o a.rn B ible Study (A ll agesl 
IO: 5o a m. W orship 
4:3o p.m. Y outh C hoir 
6.oo p.m. C h ris tia n T ra in in g 
6 OO p.m. E le m e n ta ry C hoirs 
2 DO p.m. E ve n in g W orship 
W E D N E S D A Y S C H E D U L E 
6 OO p.m . M is s io n a ry O rqanizo bons 
2:3o p.m . M id Week S ervice 
8 2o p m. A d u lt C hoir 
N U R S E R Y 
O P E N 
A L L 
SERV 
ICES 
W E E K D A Y 
K IN D E R 
G A R T E N P R O G R A M 

T R I N I T Y 
B APT I ST 
CHURCH 
319 E. M u'berry 
D r. Buckner Fonding. Pastor 
Rev » F. (Boof W idem an, 
Associate Pastor 
Rev Toinmv Lyons, 
M in u ter et Music 
Rev Don McLendon, 
Munster ot Education 
Rev Danny M u rra y, 
M inister of Youth 
M r. Ben Freem an, 
M inister of Activities 
M rs. Sandra Rester. D irector ol 
Special Outreach M inistries 
M rs. Darlene Rogers, 
P re school Director 
M r. J W Fortner, 
Business Adm inistrator 

S U N D A Y 
9:3o 
A M —Sunday 
School, l l OO A M —W orship S ervice, 6:oo 
P M —C h ristia n 
E d u ca tio n ; 
2 OO 
P M -W o rs h ip Service. 

W E D N E S D A Y 6 15 p m. - P ro v er 
S ervice 2.15 p m. 
— 
C hoir 
P ra ctice . 
A ttended n u rs e rie s open fo r an services. 

U N I V E R S I T Y 
P A RK B A P T I S T 
CHURCH 
23o8 Cincinnati at Bandera Road 
( I block east of 
Gen. M cM ullen D riv e ) 
James M cKee. Pastor 
T erry W. W ilkins 
M inister of Music & Youth 
S U N D A Y 
8 3o A M W orship S e rvice 
9 45 A.M , Sunday School 
11:oo A M. W orship S e rvice 
5:3o P M. C h urch T ra in in g 
6:4o P.M . W orship S e rvice 
W E D N E S D A Y 
2:3o P.M. P ro v e r S e rvice 
K in d e rg a rte n fo r 4 & 5 y r. olds 
S upervised n u rs e ry open for al' services. 

Baptist Bible Fellowship) 

G RACE B A P T I S T 
T E M P L E 

1928 Basse Rd (N orthside) 
Phone! 232-4323—*55-6533 
Wm. E. Fortson, Pastor 
Sunday School — 9.45 a rn M o rn ing 
W orship 
1o:45; 
T ra in in g 
Union 6:oo p.m . E ve n in g Evan- geiistic S ervice 6.3o p m. 
Church 
N u rs e ry open e ve ry 
Service Special w e lco m e extend­ ed to w eekend v is ito rs and new com ers to the citv. 

World Baptist Fellowship 

HU I S A CHE 
A V E N U E 
B A P T I S T 
CHURCH 

1339 w . Huisache Ave 
Dr Cloud J Bonam, Pastor 
Rev. Claud J. Bonam, Jr. 
Associate Pastor 
Young People's Leader 
Choir D irector 
Rev Fred Bonam, 
Associate Pastor, 
Young Adult Teacher 
Sunday S ervices — A ll B ib le Sun day School 1o:oo a .rn 
W orship S e rvice 11:oo a .rn. 
A dult's 
Young 
P e o p le s and 
C hildren s M eeting 6 3o p m. 
E vening S ervice 2:3o p.m . 
W ednesday 
— 
P ro v e r 
S ervice 
2 JO o rn. 
45 Years in San Antonio 
Tune in D r. C laud J. Bonam on 
K O R Y radio . HIO on yo u r dial 
M onday th ru S a turday 2:3o-2 45 a.m. 

 vC Charismatic V • 

RFVIVAl TEMPLE 
131o Texas Avenue 
John M. Bell, Pastor 
M O Beadles. Assistant 
Sunday School, 9:45 a.m . 
M orning W orship, 1o:45 a rn. 
P re-service p ra y e r, 6:3o p.m . 
E vening W orship, 2:oo p.m . 
W ednesday 
P ro v e r 
S 
Bible 
Study at 2:oo p m 

Charismatic* Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 W H ildebrand 
F. Goode Foster-Pastor 

Sunday School —IO A M 
W orship— 11 A M, 
Sunday E ve — 7 P.M . 
Wed. E ve —7:3o P.M . 
N u rsery P ro vid e d 

Christian; Church 
\ 
Disciples of Christ. -■ 

A L A M O 
HE I G HT S 
CHRI ST I AN 
CHURCH 
*4oo B lock N. New B ra u n fe ls 
828-5728 
Rev. E a rl R. B issex, M in is te r 
. P a rk e r E. Cross, 
Associate M in is te r 
8: JO a rn W orship S e rvice 
9:45 a rn. C hurch School 
IO: 5o a rn. W orship S ervice 
12:oo Noon—F e llo w sh ip 
6 d rn. Y outh M eetings 
E xcellent N u rse ry. A m ple park ing. 

C E N T R A L 
CHRI ST I AN 
CHURCH 
M om Avenue at R om ano Plozo 
227-5273 
M in is te rs : 
D r. Thom as Y oungblood 
R ovce E M okm 
C hurch School: 9:45 o.m 
W orship IO: 45 a rn. 
F am ily o to g ra m s : 6 d rn 
N u rsery a v a i l a b l e 
A 
F rie n d lv welcom e a w aits you. 
P lenty of 
D o r k i n g 

SOUTHEAST 
CHRI STI AN 
CHURCH 
1545 G oliad Rd. 
W orship S ervice 11 OO a.rn 
Sunday Sc hool 9:3o a in. 
Youth G roup 5: 3o P iii. 
H orace B. H a rm on, M in is te r 

W O O DLA W N 
CHRI ST I AN 
CHURCH 
(D isc ip le s of C h ris t) 
West G ram ercy ot Elm endorf 
(across from Woodlawn C tr.) 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
Rev. B L. Brown 
Senior M inister 
Rev. Tom W Heal, Associate 
M inister 
Church School 9-3o a m. 
M orning W orship S e rvice 1o:45 
S e rm o n 
S u b je c t: 
••T H E 
P R O D IG A L 
T H A T 
D I D N T 
COME H O M E ." 
E vening Youth G roup. 5 :3 o / 3o 

Child ca re d u rin g m o rn in g service A m ole p a rk in g . A lr lend iv w elcom e a w a its you. 

Christian Science 

SUBJECT OF LESSO N: 
"E verlasting Punishm ent" 

FIRST CHURCH 

5o1 North Alam o 
Sundov S ervice 9 JO IO JO 11 OO 
12 OO 
Sunday School l l OO 
Wednesday 
E ve n in g 
M eeting 
8 OO 

SECOND CHURCH 
M agnolia and Belknap 

Sunday S ervice 11 OO 
Sunday School 11 OO. 
W ednesday 
E ve n in g 
M eeting 
8 OO 

T HIRD CHURCH 

77oo s New B ra u n fe ls 
Sundov Ser vie e 11. DO 
Sunday Schoo* 11 OO 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeting 
7 OO 

FIRST CHURCH 
(A L A M O H E IG H T S ) 
1o4 C LO V E R L E A F 
Sundov S ervice l l OO 
Sunday School l l OO. 
W ednesday 
E ve ning 
M eeiing 
7; JO 
R E A D IN G ROOMS 
326 N St M a ry s 
Colonies North M all 
IH IO A W urzboch Rd. 
2/oo 5 New Braunfels 
5o12 Broadway 

THESATUWHY 
E X P H E S S N E W 
S 
RELIGION 

Churches of Christ 

BEACON H I L L 
CHURCH OF 
CHRI ST 

937 w. M agnolia 
Between IH IO and US 281 
Bill Wilson, M inister 
Bible Call L ib rary 
733-89o4 
Sundov S e rvices: W orship 1o:3o a rn. and 6 p.m . B ible Classes. 
9:3o a m 
M idw eek B ib le Study. 
W ednesday. 7:3o p m. 
A c h u rch near to the h e a rt of San 
An tomo. ' 
J E F F E R S O N 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

7o2 Donaldson Avenue 
732 61o5 
J.D Cosh, M inister 
B ible Classes 
9.3o a m 
W orship 1o:3o A M . & 6:oo P M 
Youth 
5.oo p.m . 
W ednesday S e rvices 
7.3o o rn. 
A ttended n u rs e ry fo r a ll m eet mgs. 

MCCA RT HUR 
P A R K 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

• The End Of Your Search 
For A Friendlv Church" 
19o7 N E. Loop 41o 
Phone 824-73o1 
Doyle M ayn ard , M inister 
B ib le C la ss A C h ild re n s B ib le 
H our 9.3o A M 
W orship 1o:3o A M & 6 P M 
Ladies Bible Class T uesday 
IO 
A.M 
W ednesday S e rvice ^ 7 3o P M, 

SAN P E D R O 
CHURCH OF 
CHRI ST 

822-33o5— Tel. 826-2o89 
311 Jackson-Keller at Son Pedro 
O B. Stanley, M inister 
Sundov S ervices: 
Bible Classes 9:3o a m. 
W orship 
S ervices 
1o:3o a rn., 
6:oo o rn. 
W ednesday 
M idw eek service J 3o p rn. 
N u rsery open d u rin g all serv ices 

SUNSET RI DG E 
CHURCH OF 
CHRI ST 
Brees at Em poria 
Telephone 824-45*8 
M inister; Roy F. Osborne 

B d le d o s s e s —9: is a rn. W orship 
Services — IO 3o a m and 6 oo a.rn. W ednesday B ible Classes — 
IO a.m. and 7:3o p.m . A tte nded n u rse ry for o il services. 

■rd. Community Church 

TRINITY anion I 

875o Fourw inds Dr. rn 35 at L oop 4)o 
"Inter-D enom m atiop ai 
Congregation of B elievers" 
Pastor Allen Randolph 
W orship 
8:15 A M. 
Bible F e llow ship 
........ 9:45 A .M . 
W o r s h ip .................... 
1o:5o A M. 
Body Life Service- 
6:oo P.M . 
W ednesday 
C h a rism a tic T ea ching .. 7:3o P.M . 
T h u rs d a y 
Home M in is trie s 
7:3o P.M . 
N u rse ry fo r o il se rvice s 

Saturday April 3o 1977 

ST. P A U L ’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
East Grayson at Willow 

R E D E E M E R 
LUTHERAN 
CH URCH 

(M issouri Synod) 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Teleohone: 732-4112 
Rev. Heil M . Boekelmann, 
Pastor 
S U N D A Y : 9:15 a rn. — Sunday 
School 
A 
Bible 
Classes, 
IO: 3o ta.rn. D ivin e W orship. 

S u n d a y M a s s e s (1928 P r o v e r 
Book) 8:3o and 1o:3o a m. 
W ednesday M ass, IO a.m . 
M a jo r Feast D ays, 7 and IO a.m . cmd 7:3op . rn. 
Confessions S a tu rd a y 
11: OO A M. - Noon 

WINDCREST 
THE CHURCH OF 
THE RESURRECTION 

59o? W alzem Road-655-5484 
The 
Rev. 
Jam es 
P. 
Giddings, 
Rector 
Sunday E u c h a ris t 9;OO A ll.O O AM 
Sundov School 1o:oo A M all ages 
Licensed pre school A K in d e rg a rte n 

W A Y S I D E 
C H A P E L 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ph. 344-12o3 
8:3o A M E a rly W orship 
9.45 A M, S unday School. 
11:oo A M. Late W orship. 
7:oo P.M. E ve n in g S ervice. 
Pastor — Stephen P. T ro xe l 

• Lutheran 
' . 
Churches 

CHRIST CH UR CH 
Belknap at West Russell 
Sunday 

8:oo a.m . Holy Comm union 
9 oo a.m . F a m ily Service and 
Sunday School l l OO a m. M orning W orship 
(Is l and 3rd Sundays — Holy 
Com m union) 
T u e s d a y __ 
5:oo p.m. Holy Comm union and 
H ealing Service 
Thursday 
1o:oo a.m . Holy Comm union 
The Rev. John H. M acN aughton 
Rector 
The Rev H o m er T o m lin 
The Rev. M e lv in G ra y 
The Rev. S am uel Todd, Jr. 
A ssociate R ectors 
The Rev. S am uel O rr C o re rs . 
D D R e ctor E m e ritu s 

CHURCH OF ST. 
S T E P H E N 
S O UT HE A S T 

3726 S. New Braunfels at IM 37 
4 Minutes from Downtown 
Phone: 534-54o9 
The Rev. Charles H. B e rry Jr., 
Rector 

SU N D A Y: 8 a m. H oly C o m m o mon, 
IO a m . E u c h a ris t/C h u rc h 
School classes, n u rs e ry . 
TU E S D A Y : 7:3o p m . E u c h a ris t/ 
H ealing. 
W E D N E S D A Y : 
IO a m . 
H oly 
C om m union. 

N O R T H E A S T 
THE CH URCH OF 
RECONCI L I AT ION 
Sincerest a t Barrington in M o rvm o n t 

8:oo o.rn. H oly C o m m union. 1o 3o a.m . M o rn in g W o rsh ip N u rs e ry and Sunday School. 
Rev. Joe L. 
B ro w n , 
R e ctor 
— 
Tel. 655-27.31 or 824 221o. 

ST. G E O R G E 
E P I S CO P A L 
CHURCH 
69o4 West Ave. at M ilita ry Hw y. 
The Rev. R. Randolph Cooper, 
Rector 
Church Phone: 342-426) 
Day School Phone: 342-4263 

S U N D AY: W orship S e rvice 9:oo 
A M. Sunday School IO. 15 A .M . 
W orship 
S e rvice l l OO 
A M 
P lo v e r A P ra ise 7:3o P.M . 
W E D N E S D A Y : 
H e a lin g S e rvice 
7:36 P M. 
TH U R S D A Y : 
H oly 
C o m m union 
6:3o A M. H e a lin g S e rvice IO oo 
A M. Evensong 7 OO P M. 
S A TU R D A Y : 
H oly 
C o m m union 
8 oo A M Bible Studv. 

ST. M A R K ’S 
E P I S CO P A L 
CHURCH 
DO WNTO WN 
3o7 E osi P ecan at Travis P o rk 
Pnane 
226 2426 
The Rev. Stanley F. Houser, 
Rector 
The Rev. John C. Ball, Jr. 
The Rev. C. Don Bough 
The Rev. John R Roen 
The Rt. Rev. J. Wilson Hunter 

Sunday 
8: OU A M. H oly C o m m union 
9:3o A M. Holy C o m m union 
(Chapel) 
1o:3o A.M . M o rn in g W o rship and 
C hurch School 
Monday thru Friday 
8.3o 
A M . 
M o rn in g 
P ra y e r 
(Chapel) 
F rid a y 
11:45 
A M . 
H e a lin g 
S e rvice 
(Chapel) 
12 OU 
NOON 
H oly 
C o m m union 
(C hapel) 

M e t h o d i s t 
(hutches 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
$1o1 Broadway 
826-3215 
M inisters 
Or. Calvin W. Froehner 
Reverend H arold C. Perdue 
Reverend H o rry C. Bam berger 
Reverend ja c k C. Bush. Sr. 
Three m e a n in g fu l hou rs of w o r ship a re o ffe re d each S unday, 
8:3o, 9:3o and 1o:55 a .m . O u r d o o rs o re a lw a y s o pe n as a b e a u tifu l p la c e of p ro v e r and 
D ro ls e . Y o u c a n e n jo y g r e a t m u sic bv o u r S a n c tu a ry C h o ir and joyous c o n g re g a tio n a l singing. 
D r. F ro e h n e r w ill p re a c h o n : 
W H Y D ID YOU DO IT, JUDAS? 
C h u rc h S chool cla sse s fo r a ll age s m eet a t 9:3o a .m . C h ild ca re is p ro vid e d d u rin g all services. 
Sundov evening a c tiv itie s fo r J r. and Sr. H ighs begin at 4:3o p.m . 

ASCENSION 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

Vernon Brletkruetz, Pastor 
1o6o Donaldson Ave. 
(IO blocks west of 
Fredericksburg Road) 
Sundov Schedule: 
Sunday School, 9: 3o A M. 
W orship Service, 1o:3o A.M . 
Holv 
C om m union firs t 
Sunday each m onth. 
Come and w o rsh ip w ith us. 

B E I T E L 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 
2515 Austin Hw y. 
Pastor, Ralph Ablin 

Sunday w o rs h ip s e rvice s 
8:oo one) 1o:3o a.m . A d u lt class and 
Sunday school a f 9: IO a m P ra y ­ er and P ra ise on Sunday eve nines O' 6:3o. N u rs e ry a va ila b le . 

CONCORDI A 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

1826 Basse Road 
Dr. Guido M erkens 
Senior Pastor 
Rev. Norm an Abbott, Vst. Pastor 
Rev. Theodore G raalm ann , Asst. 
SU ND A Y S S C H E D U L E 
A M. 
9 oo F irs t service. 
IO OO Sundov School, o il ages 
11:OO Second S e rvice 
P .M . 
7:oo T h ird S e rvice 
7:oo Sunday School, ages 3-12. 

N U R S ER Y P R O V ID E D 

CHRI ST 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 
67o2 Broadway in Alam o Hgfs. 
The Rev. A rth u r E. Rode 
The Rev. H aro ld Moench, 
Pastors • 
F irs t S e rvice —8:oo a m . Sundov 
Sunday School—9 15 a m. 
Second S e rvice — 1o:3o a rn. 

GRACE 
LU T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

5o4 Avenue E. at M cCullough 
Three Blocks North of The Alam o 
Phone. 226-9131 
Postor, R obert J. Adix 

8 OO and IO: 45 A M. W o rsh ip 
9:3o A M. Sunday School 

HO PE 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH (ALC) 
5714 C allaghan Rd. 
(3 blocks south of Loop 41o) 
433-7475 - 435-97o1 
Rev. Robert P. Thronson 
Rev. Delm os L. Luedke 
W orship S e rvices 
8 : 1 5 & 
IO: 45 a rn. 
Adult Class and Sunday School 
9: JO a.m. 
N ursery p ro vid e d fo r both W or ship Services. 
Holy C om m union — F irs t Sunday and T hird Sunday 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH, LCMS 
13888 D ream wood 
Telephone 656-65o8 
Henry H. Btar, Pastor 
M S. E d .; M . Div. 
Sunday School and B ib le Class 
9: ISO.rn 
W orship 1o:3o a.m . 
Com m union on firs t and th ird 
Sundays. 

MacARTHUR 
D 
A 
D i / 
L UT HER AN 
CHURCH 

"The Hom e-Like Church" 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd. 
(7 blk* No. of Loop 41o) 
Ph. 824-7135 
Pastor G.W. Schwanenberg 
Assoc. Pastor C. Zim m erm an 
Sundav W orship 8 3o A l l a rn. 
Sunday School: 9:3o a m . (to r a h ages) 
(N u rse ry p ro v id e d all 3 hou rs) 
M ilita ry 
P e rson nel esp e cia lly welcome. 

ST. J O H N ’S 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 
5o2 E. Nuevo St. 
San Antnmn Texas 782o5 
Phone: 223 2611 
DOW NTOW N — ’ z block west of 
Hem isF a ir, 
Pochd E. B ra u lic k and N o rm a n H. 
Albertson, Pastors. 

S U N D A Y , M A Y I, 1977 
W orship S ervices 8 : 15 and IO: 45. 
Sunday School 9:3o a m. 

ST. L U K E ’S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
"The Friendly Church" 
514 Santo M onica St., 735-o591 
I block w of San Pedro 
Pastor W. J. Buck 
(Chaplain, Col. USAP, Ret.) 
Pastor Em eritus J.F . Vorkopcr 
Worsh p 
S e rvice 
IO 45 a rn. 
(Nurse ry p ro vid e d ) 
Sundo/ 
School 
9 3o a.m . 
(all ages) 
Counseling S ervices offered. 

ASBURY 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
46o1 San Pedro Ave. 
Phone: 733-o431 
Rev. Wesley N. Schulze, Pastor 

C h urch School: 9:3o a m. 
Sunday W o rsh ip : 1o:5o a.m . 
I lie Church of the friendly heart 

-T-- CO LO NI A L 
Ch i l l s u n i t e d 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

52«7 Vance Jackson Rd. 
(N orth of Loop 41o) 
349-24o1 
Rev. W illiam M. Easum , Pastor 
Delbert Brown, Associate Pastor 
9; 45 a m. C h urch School. 
8:45 a m. and l l a.m . M o rn in g 
W orship. 
6:3o p m. U M Y F. P ro g ro m & 
Supoer. 
Tues. 7:oo p.m . Bible Study. 
6.3o p m. Wed. Y outh Choir 
Call 
696 5oo2 to r in fo rm a tio n . 
N u rse ry fo r o il a c tiv itie s . 

LA TR IN ID A D 
U NITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

3oo San Fernando at Pecos 
Phone: 227-o546; 734-9692 
Pastor: Rev. A. Ted Grout Q. 

9:3o A M. E scu ela D o m in ic a l en in g le s y esp a n o l poco todas las edades, (S und ay School in E ng lish and Spanish fo r all ages.) in- sn a m . 
C U LTO 
DE 
A D O R A C IO N : Santa C oinunion 
SE R M O N : Rev. A .T. G rou t, Q 
4:3o P .M . fcnsavo C oro J u v e n it 
(Y outh C hoir R e hearsal). 
5:3 o P .M . b l u m e s B ib n to s , 
Jovenes (B ib le S tudies in E ng lish (or the Youth G rou p) 
6:oo P.M . Reunion de G rupus 
7:oo P.M. C U LTO V E S P E R T IN O 
E V A N G E L IS T ICO - S e rm o n : 
Rev A _T G ro ut Q 
. _________ 
M id w e e k 
P r o v e r S e rv ic e s : 
T hu rsda y at 7:3o P.M . 

LA U R E L 
HEIGHTS 
U NITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

227 West W oodlawn at Belknap 
733-715* 
M inisters 
Rev. Charles L. Giesier 
Rev. Albert E. Loudon 
Rev. Robert E. Parsons 
Henry Holloway, 
Director of Music 
John C. Schmidt, Organist 
.S e rv ic e s of W o rsh ip and H o lv 
C om m union of 8:3o and 
IO 5o a.m. 
Reve’rend 
C harles 
L. 
G iesier 
P re a c h in g ; 
C o m m u n io n 
S e rm o n : 
" T O O 
‘ PR EC IO US TO W A S TE !" 
C hurch S chooTtor AIKAge's 9:45 a.m . 

ST. JOHN'S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

Northw est San Antonio, l i t Cloudcroft at Bandera Rd. 
Telephone: 433-7639 
Rev. A lbert M erubia, Pastor 

C h u rc h S c h o o l C la s s e s fo r a ll ages 9:3o a m. P o s to r s S pecial 
A d u lt Class 9:3o a m . 

M o rn in g W orship S e rvice IO: 5o 
A.M. 
Fellow ship and C offee fo llo w in g in the Blue Room. 
Y o u th A c tiv itie s , b e g in n in g a t ’ 
5:3o p.m . 
You o re c o rd ia lly in vite d to w or ship w ith us. 
N U R S E R Y 
PRO 
V ID E O FOR A L L SE R V IC E S . 

ST. M A T T H E W ’S 
U NITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
2738 Bitters Road 
656-125o 
(Between Nacogdoches and B roadw ay) 
The Rev. M al Hierholzer, 
M inister 
The Rev. Winn Alley, intern M inister 
S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
(N u rse ry A v a ila b le fo r A ll Sun day E ve nts) 
8:3o a rn E A R L Y S E R V IC E 
9:3o a m . C h urch School (A L L 
AGES) 
.o 5o a rn. 
P R IN C IP A L 
SE R V 
ICE 
R E G U L A R A C T IV IT IE S IN 
CL U D E : C h u rch School C lasses ond C hoirs to r all ages, singles, 

Yeo u ,T H C',fZenS* 
onC* s p e c ia lly 

WOODLAWN 
U NITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

17o1 West Woodlawn Ave. 
Senior Postor: 
Rev. Paul A Grout Q. 
Associate Pastor: 
Dr. E lm er J. Hierholzer 
Lay Pastoral Visitors: M r. Bob 
Hasbrook, M r. C arroll Sigmon 

SU ND AY ^ T R V IC E S : 
Sundov W orship 9 A M. 
New Lockhill E lem entary School 
Cafetorium 
5o5o De Zavala Rd. 
Second Service IO - SO A M. 
17o1 W. Woodlawn 
U M. Y . Each Sunday 4 lo 6 P.M . 
5o84 De Zavgig Rd. 

T RAVI S P A RK 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
CHURCH 

23o E. Travis St. 
Phone: 226-8341 
M IN IS T E R : D r. Ralph H. Seiler 

You a re w elcom e to San A n to n io s 
G re a t d o w n to w n 
M e th o d is t 
C hurch located in the h e a rt of the c ity fo r 13o years. O nly m in u te s ow ov bv E xp ressw ays and F R E E 
P A R K IN G across the street. 
W O R S H IP S E R V IC E S a t 1o:5o 
A M. and 7:oo P.M . D r. RalDh H 
Seiler preaching at 1o:5o A .M . on 
•WINGS AR E FOR F L Y IN G " i / : o ( J 
- 
H o lv 
C o m m u n io n 
C h ild ers Chapel 
9:3o A.M. - C h urch School Classes fo r all ages 
4:3o P.M. - Y outh A c tiv itie s B egin 
7 :o o P .M . E v e n in g W o r s h ip - 
R e v . 
D on 
S c ro g o s w ill be preaching on “ TH E W ALK AN D 
TH E W ALK .’’ 

Nu/arene 
. v 

H A T F IE LD 
CHURCH OF 
THE NAZARENE 

4515 S. Flores 
E E. Rhodes, Pastor 
J.W. Cantrell, Associate 

Sundov Services Sundov School 
9:45 
O.m.: 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
IO: SO c m. 
(C h ild re n s W orship service — 4 yrs. th ru the 4tn g rade). 
Y outh 
S ervices 
6:oo a.m ., E ve ning S ervice 7 Qo p m. 
W ednesday P ro v e r M eeting, 7:3o o.m, 
(M issio n a ry 
M eeting la st 
W ednesday of m o n th ). 
N u rse ry is open fo r oil re g u la r services. 

A CHURCH W H E R E E V E R Y 
BODY IS W E LC O M E - NO BIG 
SHOTS, 
NO 
U N IM P O R T A N T 
P E O P LE 

Non Oenonnnotionol 

THE L IT T LE 
CHURCH OF 
LA V IL L IT A 
Non-Denominational 
5o8 Villita St. 
Rev. Oavid W. Edmunds, 
Pastor 

Sunday W orship S ervice 
— l l a.rn. 
Sunday E ve ning S e rvice —6 p m 
M id Week 
H e aling and 
P ro v e r 
Services. W ednesday n ig h t 7:3o p.m. 
Thu rsda y m o rn in g 11:oo a.rn 

Presbyterian 
Churches 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
62o1 Broadway 
Newton P Cox, Jr. 
M inister 
Phone: 824-o271 

Sunday. M ay I. 
C om m union M ed ita tio n 
11:oo A M . Serm on, "W ord and 
Sacram ent." 

BEACON H ILL 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
HOI West Woodlawn 
733-71*9 
M inister: Rev. Joe M . Owen 
Sunday School 9:45 a m. 
W orship S ervice 11:oo a.m . 

F A I T H 
C U M B E R L A N D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CHURCH 
7815 Oakton D r. 
(Beside Lee High School) 
Phone 342 *16o 
Rev R. E a rl W illoughby. 
M inister 
WHO SO E V E R W IL L M A Y 
COME 
Sunday School 9 45 a ,rn 
W orship S ervice 11 OO a m . 
C P Y .F ., Youth G ro u p 6: 3o p m 

 m a d i s o n 
SGUAR E 
U N I T E D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CH URCH U.S.A. 
319 Camden at Lexington 
Phone: 226-62S4 
W illiam P. Lytle O D., Pastor 
Edwin Rieke, O M A. 
Organist. Choirm aster 
Loren Stenberg 
Assistant in Christian 
Education 
9 JO a m . C h urch School, l l OO a m. W orship S ervice. 
N u rs e ry p rovid ed 
‘>5:oo P.M. C horisters 
5:3o 
P.M . 
Senior 
H igh 
Y outh 
G rouo 
5:45 P.M. J r. H igh Y outh G to u p 
C h ild ren 's Center 226 199o. 
(W eekdays 6: 3o a.m . 6 OO p m ) 

NO RT HWO OD 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CHURCH 
518 Pike Place 
824 7238 
W orship Service. H a m 
C hurch School, 9:45 a.m . 
Sermon bv G eorge M auze, "O U R 
G R E A TE S T TA SK." 

ST. A N D R E W 
P R E S B Y T E R IA N 
CHURCH 
8231 Callaghan Rd 
(N ear I IO at 41o) 
M inister, W illiam C. Mounts 
C hurch School 
9 3 o A M 
W orship S ervice • 11 OO A M 
E a rly L e a rn in g Center Ages 2, 3, and 4 Mon. F ri. 9 o.m . 12 noon 

CHURCH OF 
T R UT H 
A m em ber C h urch of R e h y o u s 
Science Los Angeles. C a lifo rn ia 
D r, 
E rnest 
Holm es. 
F o u n d e r, pub lish er of the Science of M in d 
M agazine 
Sundays, 
IO 45 a m 
Services 1o OO a rn 
W ord ot the 
Week 
Classes on m e ta p h ysics and p ro c tica i C h ris tia n ity 
IO OO a m . Junior C hurch d o sse s (a " sr bool grades) 
C h ild 
(orc fa c ilitie s 
D r 
A u bre y 
H a nger 
M inister 
(824 745M 
San 
P e d ro 
Playhouse 
San 
A n tonio 
P a rk 
(D ial a 
Blessing, a re c o rd e d m e ditation 
828 5581). 
W A R M 
W ELC O M E 
A W A ITS YO U So” d o v m o m m a 

Seventh-Day Adventis 

L A U R E L 
HE I G HT S 
S E V E NT H D A Y 
A D V E N T I S T 
CHURCH 

7o3 West Ashby Pl 
(opposite San Pedro P a rk ) 
, 
732-6898 
Robert Wood, Pastor 
Bovid Evons, Associate Postor 
S aturday 
Services. 
S abbath 
School 9 JO o.m D evine W o rsh ip 
11:oo O.m. Y outh M eeting I H r before sunset 
P ro v e r 
M e e tin g 
W ednesday 
7:3o p.m . 
D a rc a s 
W elfare Society 
Tuesday 
1o:oo a m. Sunday AM . 
VOICE OF P R O P H E C Y 
K K Y X 

United Church of Christ 

COVENANT 
PRESBYTERIAN 
211 Roleto A N.W . Loop 41o 
(At Honeysuckle exit) 
Edwin W althall, Pastor 
Phone: 342-5253 

9.3o A M. C hurch School fo r a ll ages. 
1o:45 
A.M. 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
S ervice 
5: JO P.M. Senior H igh F ellow ship . 

CHRIST 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
(U n a ffilila te d ) 
544o Vance Jackson Rd. 
I ' j miles North of Loop 41o on Vance Jackson 
Rev. J. Grant M cM illan, Pastor 

■ 
C hurch 
School, 
1o:oo o.m 
W orship S ervice, l l a m . 
} OO p.m. 
M idw eek 
S ervices 
Wed nesdav 7:3o. 
We a re co n se rva tive , evan gel teal ond autonom ous, h a vin g no connection w ith the N a tio n a l or 
W orld Council of C hurches. We hold lo the h isto ric P re s b y te ria n belief that the Bible is the in spired W ord on God ond the only in fa llib le ru le of fa ith and p ro c flee. 
Our ch u rch o ffe rs a s p iritu a l hom e to a ll who d e sire to hear the w o rd of God w ith o u t com prom ise. 

FIRST 
PRES BYT ER IAN 
CHURCH 
North Alamo and Fourth Sts. 

M IN IS T E R S : 
Louis H. Zbtnden Jr. 
Richard G. Ryan 
Robert H. Bullock, H R., Teaching 
M inister. 
G eorge M auze 

M inister-E m eritus 
Dr. Bess Hieronym us, 
Orgonist-Choir D irector 

T h e U n ite d C h u rc h of C h r is t c o n tin u e s th e m in is tr ie s of th e 
C o n g r e g a tio n a l 
C h r is tia n 
C h u rc h e s a n d the E v a n g e lic a l' and R eform ed C hurch Since 1957 

B E TH AN Y 
611 E. M y rtle St. at N 
Kendall (6 Blocks 
North of IH-35 

 between M cCullough 
A St. M a ry s) 
226 265$ 

Rev. john B. Culver, pastor 
W o rs h ip . 
IO 45 a .m . 
C h u rc h 
School 
9 JO o.m 
A d ult 
B ib le 
Class, 9; JO o.m. 

COMMUNITY 
443 Hunmcutf D r (W W. W hite 
Rd., Loop 13, at (HIO) 
333-16o3 
Rev. Thomos N. W ord 
Worship, IO; 3o a .rn 

PILGRIM CON­ 
G REGATIONAL 
5oo Pilgrim Dr. (7 Blocks South of Loop 4)o, I block West of 
Vance Jackson) 
342-6o34 
Rev. A rthur W. Stark, pastor 
Sunday 
School. 
9 45 
D iv in e 
W orship S ervice l l OO a rn. 

S U N D A Y : 9 a .m . W o rs h ip In 
G u th rie B ry a n t C h a p e l le d bv 
D r. R ya n; 9:3o a rn. School of th e C h u rc h ; l l o .m . W o rs h ip serm on bv D r. R ya n; F e llo w sh ip h o u r in the M c C u llo u g h Room fo llo w in g w o rsh ip ; N u rs e ry and 
C h ild Care d u rin g w o rs h ip and stu d v h o u rs; 6 p.m . 7th A 8th g ra d e rs ; 9th 12th g ra d e rs m eet ing in homes fo r supper and p ro g ra m . 
W E D N E S D A Y : 6:15 p.m . F a m ily d inner follow ed bv p ro g ra m on 
M o rn in g s id e 
M a n o r le d b y 
G eorge J. Laugheod, p re s id e n t ot the board. 
T H U R S D A Y : 
7:15 o .m . M e n 's 
P ro v e r B reakfast. 

KOREAN 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH or 
CONGREGATION: 
/ WON JOON L IM , Pastor: 
S U N D A Y : W o rs h ip in G u th rie 
B ry a n t C hapel of F irs t P re s b y te ria n Church, N o rth A la m o and 
F ou rth Sts., led bv the Rev. M r. 
L im : 
T U E S D A Y A N D W E D N E S D A Y e v e n in g s 7 p .m . B ib le s tu d y : 
TH URSDAY I p m . Bible S tudv: 
F or fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n ond lo ca­ tion of Bible studv call Rev. L im at 826-4992. 

Affiliated with Unity 
School — Silent U n ity— 
Daily w ord M agazine 
Sunday services l l a m at 1723 
Law ndale 
D r. 
(W est oft 
81oo' 
B road w ay) 
Sundov School 9:3o a n i , 
A dult 
Class 
9:3o a n i 
M editation 
IO 35 a m 
Y o uth 
Class l l o.m . 
T h u rsda y. 
T ru th 
Class IO: 3o a in O ffice open IO to 
4 
M onday th ru 
T h u rsd a y 
8?t 
7351 ) 
N o rm a n Olson, 
M in is te r 
^B ulletin sent on request.) 

 i Unitor ion 
• 

FIRST 
UNITARIAN 
CHURCH 

8o7 Beryl Dr. 

Phone; 344-4695 
C hurch School and n u rse ry 
)o JO a rn 
M o rn in g S ervice 
IO: JO a m 
M in is te r: Rev. Rolfe G e rh a rd t 

S E R M O N : " G IV IN G M A IN E 
BACK TO TH E IN D IA N S ." 

Wesleyan Church 

W E S L E Y A N 
CHURCH 
391o West Avenue 
344-6393 
Edw ard D Angelli, Pastor 
M ike Wolfers, Youth Pastor 
Sunday: C hurch School 9 45 a rn 
W orship S ervice 11:oo a m. 
E vening S ervice 7:oo p.m . 
W ednesday. Bible Study and 
P ra ye r 7 3o p m. 

Church Directory 

* ' K' 
• 
' T' n, - ' 
* - 
On H e xt Page 

’Church 
Directory 

F o r further inform ation on c h u rc h e s listed below 
— see a d s o d d e arin g on this p o se 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 
H 

CHURCH NEWS 

C h u rc h of Castle H ills 
214 Roleta 

G osp el A sse m b ly 
417 C atalina 

F irs t A sse m b ly of God 
83o S t . M ilita ry Or. 

O ak M e ad o w A sse m b ly of 
God 
2714 H u n te rs G reen 

G>ad T id in gs A sse m b ly of 
G od 
2143 So. W W . W hile Rd. 

P rim itiv e Baptist C h u rch 
4o4 W alton Ave. 

C astle H ills F irst Baptist 
222o M W. M ilita ry Hwy. 

C re stvie w Baptist 
W ottem at E a gie cre st 
E ise n n a u e r Rd. Baptist 
3?5o E ise n h a u e r Rd. 

F irst Boottsf 
SIS M c C u llo u g h 

L a c k la n d Baptist 
2718 Fro ntier Dr. 

N o rth rid g e P a rk Baptist 
C h e vy C hose A E ise n h au e i 
R d 

M a n o r Baptist 
M a n o r Or. of M eredith 

N o rth e ast Baptist 
293o Bitters Rd. 

P a rk h ills Baptist 
14o15 Son Ped ro Ave. 

S h e a re r H ills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 

U n iv e rsity P a rk Baptist 
23o8 Cincinnati 

T rin ity Baptist 
319 E. M u lb e rry 

G ra c e Baptist Tem ple 
1928 B a sse Rd. 

H u isa c h e Avenue Baptist 
1339 W. H u isach e Ave. 

R e v iv a l Tem ple 
131o T e x a s Ave. 
C a lv a ry Chapel 
11o7 w. H ildeorand 

A la m o H eights C hristian 
44oo B lock N. New 
B ra u n fe ls 

C e n tral C hristian 
M o m Ave. at R om ano 
P la z a 

W oodlaw n C hristian 
17oo F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd. 

F irst C h u rch of 
C h rist Scientist 
5o1 N A lam o 

Se co n d C h u rch of 
C h rist Scientist 
M a g n o lia — Belknap 

T h ird C h u rch ol 
C h rist Scientist 
27oo S. N ew B raunfels 

F ir st C h u rch (A lam o 
H e ia h ts) of C h rist Scientist 
1o4 C loverleaf 

B e a c o n Hill C hurch of 
C h rist 
937 w. M a gn o lia 

S a n P e d ro C h u rch of C h rist 
311 Ja c k so n Keller 

Je ffe rson C h u rch of C h rist 
7o2 D o n ald so n Ave. 

Su n se t R id ge C h u rch of 
C h rist 
B re e s a1 E m p o rio 

T n a tty C hurch 
875o F o u rw in d s 
C h rist Ep isco p a l C hurch 
B e lkn a p at W est R u sse ll 

The C h u rcn of 
Reconciliation 
74o1 Storcre&t 

C h u rch of St. Stephen 
3726 S. New B rau n fe ls at 
H 37 

/St. G e o rge Episcopal 
C h u rc h 
69o4 W est Ave. at M ilita ry 
H w y. 

St. L u k e s Episcopal 
C o ro n a & D evine Rd. 

St. M a r k Ep iscop al C hurch 
3o7 E. Pecan 

St. P a u l s Episcopal 
C h u rch 
1o18 E. G ra y so n 

W a y sid e Chapel 
2918 V an ce Jackson 

A sc e n sio n Lutheran 
1o6o D on aldson 

B e d e l Luth eran 
2515 Austin Hwy. 

G ra c e Lutheran 
A ve n u e E at M cC u llou gh 

C h rist Luth eran 
672o B ro a d w a y 
K in g of K in q s Lutheran 
13888 Dreum w o od 

C o n co rd ia Lutheran 
1826 B a sse Rd. 

H ope Luth eran 
5714 C a lla gh an Rd 
M a c A rt h u r P a rk Luth eran 
29o3 N acog d och e s Rd. 

M f C a lv a ry E va n ge lica l 
L u th e ra n Church 
3o8 M o u n t C a lv a ry D r 

St. Joh n Lutheran 
5o2 E. N u e vo St. 

St. L u k e s Lutheran 
S U 5anta M onica 

R e d e e m e r Lutheran 
25o7 F re d e rick sb u rg Rd, 

A la m o H eights Methodist 
SIO) B ro a d w a y 
A sb u ry United 
M ethodist Churcn 
46o1 Sa n Ped ro 
A id e rsga te United 
M ethodist 
K a y to n at Palm etto 
C olonial Hills 
U nited M ethodist 
5247 V an ce Jackso 

L a T rin id a d United 
M ethodist 
Sa n F e rn an d o y Pecos 

L a u re l H eights United 
M ethodist 
227 W est W oodlaw n 

St. J o h n 's United M e th o d ist 
111 Cloudcroft Dr. 

St. M atthew s United 
M ethodist 
2738 Bitters Rd. 

T ra v is P a rk United 
M ethodist 
23o E a st T ra v is 
W oodlaw n United 
M e th od ist 
17o1 w e st W oodlawn 

H atfield C hurch 
Of the N azare n e 
4515 S. F lo re s 

The Little C hurch of La 
Villita 
5o8 Villita 
A la m o H eights 
P re sb y te ria n 
62o1 B ro a d w a y 

F a ith C um b erlan d 
P re sb y te ria n C hurch 
7815 O akton Dr. 
F irst P re sb yte rian 
N orth A la m o and Fourth 
Sts. 
B e a c o n Hill P re sb yte ria n 
DO ) W est W oodlaw n 
C o ve n a n t Presb yterian 
211 Moieto A N.W. Loop 4!o 

C h rist P re sb yte ria n 
544o V an ce Jackson Rd. 

M a d is o n Square United 
P re sb y te ria n 
319 C a m d e n at Lexington 

N o rth w o o d Pre sb yte rian 
518 P ixe Place 

St A n d re w Pre sb yte rian 
8231 C a lla g h an Rd. 

L a u re l H eights se ve n th D a y Adventist 
2o3 A sh b y Pl. 

B e th a n y United C hurch of 
C h rist 
611 St. M y rtle St. 

C o m m u n ity United C h u rch at C h rist 
4443 H unnicutt Dr. 

P ilg rim C ongregational 
5oo P ilg rim Or. 

U nity C h u rch 
1723 L aw n d a le Or. 

F irs t U nitarian 
IH IO— Loop 41o at B e ryl 
Rd. 

W e sle y a n C hurch 
391o W est Ave. 
Southeast C hristian C h u rch 
154$ G o lia d Rd 

Standing next to the N ew Testament Holiness Church sign are the Rev. W illiam Thomas, the 
Rev. Frank Stribling and Bill Finto, realtor, who sold the structure to the church, formerly belonging to the congregation of the C alvary M issionary Church. The Rev. Mr. Stribling is the pastor of Calvary. 
Church hospital taxation is serious 

The call for removing ch u rch h o sp itals from tax exemption m ade this week by Bexar County 
Hospital D istrict c h a ir­ man Dr. Harvey Hornet raises this serious issue before our community. 
B exar County J u d g e 
Blair Reeves has issued s ta te m e n ts s u p p o rtin g the idea of investigating the charitable services of these institutions to see if the county is justified on that basis iii m aintaining their tax exemption. 
The accusation is being made that these hospitals are charging off uncol­ lectable debts as if they w ere c h a rity an d are funneling their charity p a tien ts to th e B ex ar 
County Hospital. 
Such activity places an u n d u e b u rd e n on the 
Bexar County Hospital 
District and the public taxpayers and becomes the basis for calls to re­ move tax exemption. 
T hese a rc s e rio u s c h a rg e s and sh o u ld be investigated thoroughly 

 lea 
Ta'lur. 
First Baptist Church rn 

 to determ ine the facts. 
C h u rch -related hospi­ tal spokesmen have den­ ied them and m ain tain that they are perform ing their function in dealing with the needs of the poor in a responsible manner. 
Modern h o spitals are c o m p lex in s titu tio n s . 
T hey o p e r a te u n d e r a myriad of regulatory po­ licies. 
The m ounting cost of health care in our nation has become a m a tter of national priority of con­ cern. 
While some politicians 

 tend to demagogue off of th e iss u e , d is c o u n tin g their voices does not dis­ p la ce th e p ro b le m of what to do about rising health costs. 
History 
T h e h is to ry of the h o sp ita l m o v e m e n t r e ­ veals that it was horn in the compassionate hearts of C h ris tia n c o m m u n ­ ities. 
Churches fashioned ho­ spitals because there was a concern about fulfilling the ministry of the Great 
Physician. 
In m o d e rn tim e s we often fo rg e t th a t hospitals reflecting a de­ te rm in a tio n of a c o m ­ m u n ity to c a re for the sick solely because every p e rso n h as a rig h t to health cam e as a result of organized religious acti­ vity. 
Church hospitals have th r e e b a s ic p u rp o s e s from th e c h u r c h m a n ’s point of view. 
The first is the convic­ tion that it is in the will of 
Catholic-Anglican differences persist 

VATICAN CITY (AP) 
— Pope Paul YI and the 
Archbishop of 
Canter­ bury, Dr. Donald Cog­ gon, conceded 
Friday that serious o b sta cles, particularly on m arriage after divorce, rem ain on the road to Roman Catli- olic-Anglican unity. 
The obstacles contrast­ ed with a g lit te r in g 
Christian unity service in the V a tic a n 's S istin c 
Chapel w here th e two religious leaders prayed together. The 79-year-old 
Pope and the 67-year-old archbishop em braced in a “ kiss of p ea ce” s y m ­ bolic ut the p r o g re s s achieved since an A ng­ lican p r im a te an d a 
Rom an C ath o lic pope first met here in 196(1. 
That meeting broke the ice of m ore ‘ hail 4o11 years separating betw een the two churches. 
Unity 
But a common declar­ ation signed by the two leaders did not minimize continuing d iffe re n c e s that rem ain to u n itin g th e 6oo m illion R om an 
Catholics and 6o million 
A nglicans. T h e d i f f e r ­ ences ran g e fro m the problems of mixed m a r­ riages to the ordination of women as p rie sts iii the Episcopal Church in the United States. 
Festival set for Sunday 

B lessed 
S a c r a m e n t 
C h u rch will hold its 
Spring Festival from ll a.m. to 8 p.in. Sunday on the church grounds at HO 
Shannon Lee Drive. 
The festiv al will in ­ clude food and gam es. 

The common decla­ ration recom m ends the work of a joint Angli­ can-Roman 
Catholic 
C o m m ission c o n tin u e 
“ through procedures ap­ propriate to our respec­ tive communions, so that both of rhein may be led along the path to w ard unity. The moment will shortly come when the respective authorities must evaluate the con­ clusions.” 
The c o m m is s io n , which first m et iii 197o, reported ag re em e n t on the practice and meaning of the 
Eucharist, the s a c ra m e n t in w hich bread and wine are con­ sumed as the body and blood of Christ, and on the c h a racter and func­ tion of the two churches. 
It agreed that if they un­ ite. Rome should have authority over the union. 
Beyond these c o n c lu ­ sions. however, a gap al­ so remains to be bridged on th eo lo g ical d i f f e r ­ ences over the doctrines of the Im m acu late Con­ ception and the Assump­ tion. 
Mixed 
Dr. Coggan, spiritual leader of the worldwide 
6o million-member Ang­ lican community, includ­ ing th re e m illio n U.S. 
'Episcopalians, em pha­ sized the p ro b le m of m ixed m a r r ia g e s in a news conference after the prayer service. 
“ I have underlined the tragedy for children of a m ixed m a r r ia g e w hen th e ir p a re n ts c a n ’t receive c o m m u n io n together,” he said refer­ ring to his challenge to 
Pope P aul to sa n c tio n shared Holy Communion 

 between A nglicans and 
Roman Catholics. 

V atican o fficia ls a p ­ peared cool to the idea, though there was no of­ ficial rea ctio n . “ You c a n 't ex p ect a q u ick comeback.” the Anglican leader said. 

The Vatican basically approves of mixed m a r­ riag e s p ro v id ed the 
Roman Catholic spouse pledges to do his or her utmost to raise children in that faith. The A ng­ licans d e s c rib e th e m ­ selves as more flexible. 
T rinity chaplain to speak 

T h e R ev. 
R ay m o n d 
Judd Jr., Trinity Univer­ sity chaplain, will speak on “ You and Your P a r­ ents: Some Perspectives of Relationship” at the ll a .m . w o rs h ip s e rv ic e 
Sunday in Trinity's M ar­ g a t e B. P arker Chapel. 

T h e c h a p e l c h o ir, u n d er th e direction of p ro fe s s o r of m u s ic 
Claude Zetty, will sing 
“ Aile 
W elt v e r e h re t d ie h ” from G .F, H a n ­ d e l's 
“ D ettin g e n 
Te 
D e u m .“ Dr. T im o th y 
Pyron is chapel organist. 
San Antonians are in­ v ited to join in the inter 
- denominational services of worship in the 
P arker Chapel. 

NEW LIFE CENTER 

"THE POWER 
OF 
DECREE" 
May I, 
11:oo A.M. 

Adult Sun d ay 
School IO: A.M. 
Church Service l l : A.M . 
DON KUNATH 

4242 Piedras Dr. 

KO G ER EXECUTIVE CENTER 
(Babcock & Loop 41o) 

Nursery Provided 

M em b er International N e w Thought Alliance 

Suite 25o 

875o FOURWINDS DR. 
IH 35 at Loop 4 1o 
TRINITY 
\ | s — 
' TTT 
T 
V 
^ V 
^ T 
I 
IFT o -J CJT L O O P # J U 
J ( l f 
[ J PASTOR ALLEN RANDOLPH 

AN INTER-DENOMINATIONAL CONGREGATION 
OF BELIEVERS 
J 
8 :1 5 / 1 o :5 o a.m. 

“ V V HEN YOU DON'T K N O W 
WHAT TO D O !” 
2 Chron. 2o:1-3o 
9:45 a.m. 
CELEBRATION OF C O M M U N IO N 
6 :o o p.m. 
CELEBRATION OF PRAISE 
ERCEL and CATHY LEWIS 
Missionaries to Victoria, Mex. 
"Principles o f Receiving Revelation ” 
.encouraging the Christian community to become what Jesus intended ... a positive, healing influence in a hurting world.” 

Anniversaries to be celebrated 

God rev e ale d in J e s u s 
C h ris t for m en to be w hole. H ea lin g itself comes from God. 
H ospitals, m edicines, and doctors becom e in ­ s t r u m e n t s for th e fu l­ filling of that purpose. 
This is true in all kinds of hospitals w hether o p er­ ated in the nam e of Jesus 
Christ or not. 
A second purpose is to deal with those who are weak and helpless in the healing process. This is the issue being discussed in our community. 
T he task of rea ch in g out to touch those who are unable to help them ­ se lv es is a p a rt of the p re a c h in g of th e Good 
News to the poor about which Jesus exhorted his followers. 
The cost of that ca re m u st be paid by so m e ­ body. 
In the C h ristia n co n ­ c e p t, th e fo llo w ers of 
Christ are responsible for ta k in g w h at r e s o u r c e s they have and investing them in the lives of those w ho a re God s sp e c ia l concern — the poor, the weak, and the helpless. _ 
A third purpose is for b e a rin g w itness to the m essage of Jesus Christ. 
T h e p ro p a g a tio n of one s faith is not som eth­ ing th at can be put on and put off like an over­ coat. It is a part of the very fabric of the healing ministry. 
The sharing of the faith is a stated purpose of a church-related hospital. 
It bears witness directly to a com passionate con­ c e rn th a t C h rist has created. It adds credibi­ lity to th e w itn e s s to those who are outside the im m ed iate touch of the hospital. 
It also has a particular concern to deal with the s p ir itu a l d im e n sio n of p e o p le ’s lives as they come into touch with the h o s p it a l’s p r o g ra m of healing and ministry. 
Faith 
Tax exemption does not simply center on the uti­ litarian nature of the ho­ s p i t a l ’s co n trib u tio n to th e c h a r ity w ork iii a c o m m u n ity . 
It also c e n te r s on th e u n iq u e nature of the propagating of the faith. 
“ T he power to tax is the power to destroy” has been a b a s ic axiom in considering relationships b etw een c h u rc h and state. 
In order to protect the propagation of the faith, the state has been, under our sy ste m , re s tra in e d from taxation of religious activities. To the degree a hospital performs these d is tin c tiv e ly re lig io u s m inistries, they are not s u b je c t to the ta x in g power of the state. 
* C h u rc h h o s p ita ls should serve the poor, not b ecau se they a re p r e s ­ sured to, but because it is a part of the basic nature of their being. 
________ 

Oblate College of the 
Southwest will celebrate its 5oth anniversary as a p ro fe ssio n a l school of theology in San Antonio with a 7 p.m . concele­ brated Sunday Mass. 
Archbishop Francis J. 
Furry will preside at the 
Mass in the college’s Im­ m a c u la te 
C onception 
Chapel. 
Ministry in the m ulti­ cultural southwest is the theme of this anniversary year. 
T he co lleg e is sp o n ­ sored by a w orldw ide m issio n ary group, the 
Oblates of Mary im m a­ culate. 
Oblate offers two grad­ uate degree programs. 
The first p ro fessio n al degree for m inistry is called the Master of Di­ vinity. T he a c a d e m ic degree, the M aster of 
Theological Studies, is pastorally oriented. 
B esides religion and culture, two other basic thrusts of the college are to explore contemporary s p ir itu a lit y as it is em erging in the Ameri­ can Catholic Church and the w om an’s role in the church’s ministries. 
ST. FRANCIS 
DE PAOLA CATHOLIC 
Also celebrating a 59th anniversary will bt* the parish of St. Francis De- 
Paola with a Mass cele­ brated at 9:39 a.m. Sun­ day. 
After the Mass a pro­ cessio n a ro u n d the 
C h risto p h e r C olum bus 
Park will be conducted and a regular spaghetti d in n e r will be served from noon until 7 p.m. 
FIRST B APTIST 
Dr.- P e rry F. Webb, pastor em eritu s of the ch u rch will p reach at both the ll a i n . and 7 p.m. celebration services 
Sunday. 
Active in preaching in 
Bible Conferences across the nation, Dr. Webb has re c e n tly c o m p le te d a 
Senior pastor gets doctorate 

CHARLES GIESLER 
. . . receives doctorate 

Charles Lester Giesler, senior pastor of Laurel 
H eights U nited M etho­ dist Church received his honorary doctorate from 
Sou t Ii western Un i vers ity in Georgetown. 
Giesler is chairm an of the board of the ordained m in istry for the South­ west Texas Conference of th e U nited M eth o d ist 
Church. 
He is a g ra d u a te of 
W ashington University, 
Southern Methodist Uni­ versity’s Perkins School of Theology and Texas 
A&I University. 
Ministers to hold services at SASH 
Four San Antonio m inisters will conduct Protes­ tant services at the San Antonio State Hospital during May, Mental Health Month. 
Dr. Robert Buxbaum, m arriage and family coun­ selor. will address patients on Sunday and Dr. 
George Stewart, director of Missions of the San 
Antonio Baptist Assn. will conduct the May 15 service. 
The Rev. E. Joseph Tanner, pastor of St. Jacob's 
Chapel of the United Methodist Church will hold the worship services of May 22 and the Rev. Clyde EL 
Byrd of Travis Park United Methodist Church will be the guest preacher May 29. 
Two special afternoon pro g ram s will also be presented during the month. 
On May 8, the Rev. Don Baugh, director of the 
Council of Churches, will appear with the Don Baugh and Company puppet show and on May 15, the Rev. 
Henry Talbot, pastor of Leon Springs First Baptist 
Church, will give a gospel music concert with his family. 

DR. PERRY F. WEBB 

Pastor Emeritus, First Baptist Church will preach at both celebration services 

11:oo a.in. and 7:oo p.m. 

Sunday. May I 

Li\t- TV C olon a,"!. Channel 12. 11:oo a .in, 

FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH 
515 McCullough 
San Antonio, Texas 
78215 
226-o363 

Jimmy H. Allen. Pastor 

REV. PATRICK 
GUIDON. O M L 
. . . of Oblate College 

 w eek of le c tu re s at 
Howard Payne Universi­ ty- 
UNIVERSITY 
CHRISTIAN 
Men from all the Dis­ ciples of Christ churches in the g re a te r San An­ tonio area will meet at 
4:3o p.m. Sunday for a s p r in g ra lly on the c h u rc h g ro u n d s, 11146 
Vance Jackson Road. 
Fred Hirstinc, south­ west region CMF pres­ ident-elect will speak at 
8 p.m. on “ The Lord is 
Counting on You.” 

ST. PHILIP’S 
EPISCOPAL 
The c h u rc h ’s co n g re­ gation will celebrate the liquidation of the m ort­ gage on the church with a consecration service at 
3:39 p.m. Sunday. 
Officiating at the cere­ mony will be the Rf. Rev. 
Scott F ield Bailey, b i­ shop ordinary of the Dio­ cese of West Texas. 
CENTR AL CHRISTIAN 
The church choir will present “ The Creation” at ll a.m. Sunday in the church sanctuary, 792 N. 
Main Ave. 
The soloists tor the day will be Eva Jo McIntyre, 
Michael Rodriguez and 
R andol K. H a rrim a n . 
The perform ance will be directed by Harold 
H ern d o n , and G eorge 

'wfegf'’' rn 
* 

FRED KIRSTINE 
. . . gu est speaker 

Gregory will be the fea­ tured organist along with the instrum ental ensem ­ ble. 

COMMUNITY UNITED 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 

The ch u rch will con­ duct its annual spring sausage dinner and sup­ per Wednesday. 
Serving will be family style from 11 a.m. to 1:3o p.m. and from 4:39 lo 7:39 p.m. 
A country store will al­ so be featured with many handm ade items, g ar­ den p la n ts and h o m e­ m ad e ca k e s , pies and candies for sale. 
Th(‘ church is located at 4443 Hunnicutt Drive. 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN 

Construction on an ad­ ditional 184 seats plus rest rooms for the church will begin next week. 
Seating will be prov ided for 1,299 m em bers and an enlarged narthex will be used for a reception area. 
E n la r g e m e n t of the church was made in 1959, 
1961. 1963 and 1968. The current expansion is to ac c o m o d ate those who have had to sit in chairs set up next to the pews. 

BETHANY UNITED 
METHODIST 
A r u m m a g e sa le, sponsored by the church, will be held May 7 on the c h u r c h g ro u n d s 
4192 
Eisenhauer Road. 
The sale will be con­ ducted from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. All proceeds will be used for conference a p ­ p o r tio n m e n ts and the church budget. The pub­ lic is invited to attend. 

ST. JAMES CATHOLIC 
The annual “ Western 
D ays” festival will start at ll a m. Sunday on the church grounds, 9o7 VV. 
Then St. 
A b a r b e c u e ch ic k e n dinner with all the trim ­ m ings will be served for 
$1.75 pre-sale tickets or 
$2 at the door. 
M usic, food, d rin k s, gam es and a free dance from 8 to 1o:3o p. in will be held. 
ST. CECILIA S 
The parish will conduct its annual spring festival starting at IO a.m. Sun­ day at Comanche Park. 
A barbecue beef dinner with all the trim m ings will be served as well as sausage on a bun, chalu- pas, cake and beverages. 
T h e 
Mex 
C o m p an y seven-piece band will en­ tertain from 6 to 19 p.m. 
FAITH LUTHERAN 
The first worship ser­ vice in the church’s new facilities at 14819 Jones- 
M altsberger Ave. will be conducted at 1o:15 a.rn. 
Sunday. 
Preceding the service, 
S u n d a y school an d youth-adult Bible classes will be conducted at 9 a m. P la n s a re b e in g m ade for a dedication service at a later date. 

THE CHURCH OFI 
CASTLE HILLS 

 v<t 
JOHN HAGEE 
Pastor 

9:3o A.M. 

"Character, 
Conduct and 
Influence 
In The Kingdom of God” 

1o:3o A.M. 
Morning Worship 
Hour with Pastor Hagee 

O n Loop 4 1 o a t fa it IO 
V5 m il* W olf c t C ontrol Pork 
A N ondenom inational 

Fellowship of 

Evangelical Believers 

Palm Heights 
Church Of The Nazarene 
Presents 
Holiness Worship 
Concert 
Featuring 
“ The Letters of Life” 
Tri. May 6, 1977,7 P.M. 
At 
Hatfield Memorial 
Church of The Nazarene 
4 5 1 5 S. Flores 

Tel. Brother George 
922-8o21 

Donation $3.oo 

SISTER JOAN LYNNE COE 

NUNS TESTIMONY 
There are no words to say all the blessings this revival has been on my life. G od has answered prayers of 
37 and even longer years. I knew the first night 
Brother 
Petty was a truly blessed man of God. The se­ cond nite I knew he was a Prophet called by G od to prepare the way of the 
Lord. 
I sensed he had been faithful to G od in the darkness of his room and of his life - obedient to 
G od s will and to the call G od placed upon his life. I had back pain since I 9 6 o ; two injuries and two slipped discs and surgery. There were months of pain so great I felt I could die of it. For four days at work I had been unable to walk straight or bend down. That second service I told two ladies my back hurt so bad I could hardly stand it and I cried with the pain. A short while toter 
Brother Petty siad, “ There is a lady here with back trouble (pain) & the Lord wants to heal it if she will come forth.” I was up to the alter in IO seconds. He told me to bend over three times which I did without any difficulty and no pain. It has not returned, and it never will return. The 
Lord has healed me. Glory to G o d and praise to 
Jesus, and thanks to 
Brother 
Petty for his obedience to the will of G od to let G od minister through his life and works. 
Sunday School 
1o:oo a.m. 
Morning Worship 
I 1:oo a.m. 
(Rev. W.A. Petty will be ministering) 
Camp Meeting Tabernacle 
3oo3 East Southcross 
Key. Petty: Pastor 
“The Church that Cares for You." 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 
G ainers top losers, but m arket declines 

58 — 

57 — 
SO­ 
BS— 

54 \'.f ' 

5 3 - 

52 

DOW TONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE; N Y SE INDEX 

.-J " i \y \A - 

 r \ 

N Y S E IN D EX 
D A ILY C L O S E 
S C A L I O M l l * ' 

" a / 
3C 

NMV YO RK (A P ) - 
The stock market was mixed Friday in a quiet session dominated by continuing speculation that the Federal Reserve had begun to tighten credit. 

The Dow Jones average of 3o industrial stocks slipped .42 to 926.9o. fin­ ishing the week with a net loss of .17. 

Most other indicators showed moderate gains for the day. Advances outnumbered declines by about a 5-3 margin on the 
New York Stock Ex ­ change. and the ex­ change’s composite in- ilex picked up .12 to 53.66. 
There were 18.33 mil­ lion shares traded on the 
Big Board, against 18.37 million Thursday. 

Jump 

As the market opened the Commerce Depart­ ment reported a 1.4 per cent jump in the index of leading economic indica­ tors last month—-the sharpest increase it has shown since July of 1975. 

The figures provided new evidence that business activity was rebounding strongly from the bad-weather setback it experienced early in the year. 

But analysts said the market was held back by concern that the Federal 
Reserve might have begun encouraging a rise in short term interest rates. 

Expectations that the 
Fed’s anti-inflation stra­ tegy might call for a slight tightening of credit have been prompted by a recent acceleration in the growth of the money supply. 

Standard & Poor’s in- 

Business and Finance 

 a*: if 

 dex of 4oo industrials rose .22 to 1o9 even, and 
S&P’s 5oo-stock compo­ site index was up .24 at 
98.44. 

Lucky Stores, the most active issue as of the 4 p.m. close of the NYSE, was up Va at 14(4. A 
187,7oo-share block trad­ ed at 131'2- 

General 
Electric climbed I Eg to 537% in active trading. The stock 

 has been strong since mid-week, when the company projected higher second quarter earnings. 

Burlington Northern gave up 1% to 49*4 on 
Securities and Exchange 
Commission criticism of the company’s financial reporting methods. 

Phillips Petroleum fell 
• 1V2 to 537/4 following the failure of another effort 
New potatoes get attention 

With the expiration on 
Friday of the May deli­ very, potato traders’ at­ tention will now be fo­ cused entirely on new crop conditions and pro­ spects. 
Last season’s huge re­ cord crop was the result of expanding planting in 
Idaho, Washington and 
Oregon and the prepon­ derance of supplies in that area led to dull cash 
. markets despite good ex­ port demand early in the season and heavy pro­ cessing activity. 
A cutback in plantings is in the offing for this year’s fall crop with a drop of 4 per cent from last season’s area fore­ cast of farmers inten­ tions. 
Spuds for November delivery have traded in a range of $5.3o to $6 per cwt. since the contract was listed last year. 
Also drawing notice over the balance of the 
Spring will be Florida orange groves. 

COMMODITY 
REPORT f o r m e d bv Gerald S. fobn, v ic e president,j sak* division. >an An­ tonio office. Bache liai­ se v Stuart Inc* 
: I 

L o « * a l s t o c k s 

PIHA tors WEEK LAST W ELK 
NET 

OTO 
Hid 
Ask 
Bid Ask 
Change 

A mer See L ife ......... . . 4*4 
5 
4*4 
5 
— 
Bexar Co B k ........... .. 34 
— 
34 
— 
— 

Cafeterias. In c......... . .1o*4 2o’4 
IO 
2o dn *4 
Forest O i l ........... 
17% 18'4 
18% 184 up *4 f rost Bank Corp. . . . .. 2 1 
23 
21 2 2 Vs 
— 
G ulf E n e r g y ........... 
Mere of Tx Contin . 
..1114 12*4 i i i r n dn *4 
. 2o% 2 7 Va 
25*4 2534 dn 1% 
Mere of Tx Pfd . . . . 
63*4 64*/2 dn 2*4 
Olympia B re w ......... . .2 O H 21*4 
2o 2o% dn % 
N BG of T ex ............. . .36'/2 38*4 
37 38*4 up *4 
Sigmor C o r p ........... . . 
12 l2>/2 
12 12*4 
— 
W in n s ...................... . 21 Vt 22% 
22*4 23*4 up % 

AM I X 
PH KA to rs 
EAST 
Aet 
U EKK 
W EEK 
Change 
Conroy. In c ............. ........ 4% 
4'% 
(III *4 
Fox-Stanlev Photo . .......... 7% 
7*4 dn !% 
Howell C o rp ........... . . . . 
1(1*4 
15 % 
(Iii Va 
EQ Motor Inns . . . . ..... M-a 
o% dn *4 

M S L 
4 Lurch's C h i c k . . . . ........2o-8 
2o% dn *4 
Data p o in t............... ......18% 
2o!% up 1% 
Harte H a n k s........... . . . . 27*4 
28 up Va 
Tesoro Pet............... . . .. 11% 
12% up *4 

M IT I AL Kl NUS 
IIS A A Cap Growth . . . . . 7.31 
7.2o dn .o2 
USA A Incom e......... . .. 
11.o2 
11.o5 up .o3 
United Services. . . . . . . 
1.43 
1.45 up .o2 

Dry weather has. slowed new growth of late despite stepped up irrigational efforts by growers. 
It is generally the case that in a season follow ing a freeze, production suffers somewhat and even with normal preci­ pitation a smaller crop than that forecast prior to the freeze would seem to be in the offing. 
Currently, frozen con­ centrated orange juice futures are trading at the historically high levels of around 8o cents per pound, due in large part to the reductions in the yield of fresh oranges following the dehydrat­ ing effects of the January freeze. 

 to cap the Phillips oil well in the North Sea which blew out a week ago. 
Rallied 

Hospital stocks, which have been depressed recently by President 
Carter’s proposals to limit the rise of hospital rates, rallied on the strength of some an­ alysts’ favorable com­ ments on the group. 

Humana climbed I7-* to 
16%, and 
American 
Medicorp was up % ut 
9%. 

Pickwick International added 1% to 22 and 
American Can tacked on 
% to 39%. The two com­ panies announced a definitive merger agreement. 

In other markets, the 
American 
Stock 
Exchange market value index advanced .41 to 
112.17, and the NASDAQ composite index was up 
42 at 95.48. 
Change approved for bank 

Approval to reorganize 
Kelly Field National 
Bank as a bank holding company was granted 
Friday at a special meeting of bank stock­ holders. 

Under the proposed plan, which still requires governmental approval, 
Kelly Field Bancshares 
Corp. of Delaware would become the parent cor­ poration for the local in­ dependent bank. 

Kelly 
Bank share­ holders would trade holdings on a one-for-one basis for stock in the new corporation. 

DO W JO N E S 
IN D U S T R IA L S d a i l y r r 
SC AL I C W R IG H T 
\ 

 ti 

 tr 
^ 
--- 
-VCTV t 
Mr-f 
V 

1o2o 

Ar 
EJ 

 ims 
I LATEST WEEK J- 

I 
O N THE DOW 

95o 

98o 

96o 

94o 

92o 

... 

E x p r e s s - H e w s A n a l y s i s 

MONDAY — The Dow Jones Indus­ trial Average took a swan-dive, plung­ ing lO1^ points in the first hour of trading. The Dow wound up at a 15 month low at 914.6o (its lowest since 
Jan. 13, 1976, when it closed at 912.94), for a loss on the day of 12.47. Tape action indicated lack of desire to buy rather than dumping as volume ran a modest 2o.4 million shares. Analysts cited the negative attitude of buyers was fear of inflation, taxes and lack of confidence. 
TUESDAY - The Dow industrials held after dropping 28 points in three straight days. The industrial average advanced 1.o2, while the NYSE index of all common stocks lost o.o4 at 52.96. 
This was the lowest level for the NYSE index in 5 months (since Nov. IO when it closed at 52.9o). Brokers said cau­ tious buying and short covering halted the decline. 
WEDNESDAY 
— Bullish chart technicians said a “ double bottom’’ had been formed around the 91o-915 area on the chart pattern (made the first and last week in April). The market progressed higher at each hourly reading with the DJA1 closing up 8.14. Volume was slightly higher than Monday and Tuesday, Bullish items included corporate inventory re­ building and business productivity rose 3.2 per cent annual rate. 
THURSDAY - After drifting down­ ward in early trading, prices held, then turned upward. The Dow indus­ 

 trial average posted a plus 3.56 at the close. Volume of trading was at a re­ duced tempo. Helping the buy side of the market was a report that first quarter earnings of many companies were better than had been predicted. 
After the close the nation’s MI basic money supply for week ending April 2o was $321 billion vs. $321.3 billion the previous week. 
FRID AY — More stocks advanced than declined but the Dow Industrials closed with a tiny loss of o.42. The 4 p.m. New York Stock Exchange close showed advances leading declines by 
82o to 537. The N YSE index gained 
o.12. News item: Commerce Depart­ ment reported leading indicators rose 
1.4 per cent in March versus o.4 gained in February. 

SUMMARY - At the end of the week’s trading the market wound up about where it closed the previous week. The Dow Jones Industrial Aver­ age posted a tiny loss of o.17 and the 
NYSE of all common stocks another tiny loss of o.o3. Volume trading was 
8.1 million shares less than the pre­ vious week. 

R A N G E — High was made on Fri­ day at 931.99. Low was made on Tues­ day at 91o.36. Close, Friday, 926.9o. 
Loss on the week, o.17. Volume, all shares traded on the NYSE, 97.77 mil­ lion shares. 

ANALYSIS BY CHARLES CARDEN 
Food prices rising rapidly 

WASHINGTON (AF*) 
— Consumer food prices are inching up faster than had been expected and may average four to six per cent higher for the year than in 1976, the 
Agriculture Department said Friday. 
The new prediction fol­ lowed an announcement by the 
USDA’s 
Crop 
Reporting Board that prices of raw farm products rose 1.5 per cent from March 15 to April 
15, Hie fifth consecutive monthly increase. 
Officials said that 
“ even with the favorable weather, moderate (re­ 

 tail) price increases are in prospect in coming months for meats, dairy products, vegetable oils, processed fruits and vegetables and possibly sugar products.” 
The department had been predicting that re­ tail food prices may go up an average of four to 

 five per cent compared with the 3.1 per cent in­ crease in 1976. Food 
-prices rose 8.5 per cent in 
1975 and 14.5 per cent in each of the two previous years. 
“ For the consumer, the upward pressure on food prices this year has been largely due to sharply 

 higher prices for coffee and freeze damage to ci­ trus fruits and winter vegetables,” the depart­ ment said. 

Retail food prices in the first quarter were up three per cent from both the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter 

 of 1976, “ a somewhat larger increase than ex­ pected earlier this year.” 

Officials said con­ sumers can expect “ ad­ ditional upward pressure will come from higher prices for coffee, cocoa, and other imported foods.” 
Continuing coffee shortage predicted 

S.A. Livestock 

F E D E R A L S T A T E 
M A R K E T N E W S S E R V IC E 

C A T T L E 
A N D 
C A L V E S : 
Receipts this week estimated at 
6,35o head cattle and calves and com pares with 4,352 last week and 5,o43 for the sam e period last year. 
C O M P A R E D TO LA ST W E E K : 
Slaughter calves and yearlings in very short supply but to nar­ ro w o u tle ts f u lly s te a d y . 
Slaughter cow s fu lly $2 lower, instances $2.5o-53 lower. Utility 
3 4 at full dow nturn. Slaughter bulls SI 2 lower but poorly tested on a day to d av basis. Feeder steers and bulls weak to SI lower fleshy Choice at the downturn. 
Feeder heifers fluctuated mildly d a v to d a v to c lo s e b a r e ly steady. Slaughter cows made up about TS per cent of this week s ru n ; s la u g h te r c a lv e s and yearlings accounted for about 5 per cent w ith b a la n ce la rg e ly 
Good and C h o ic e 35o 6oo lb. fe e d e r s te e rs and b u lls and 
3oo 5oo lb. feeder heifers. 
S L A U G H T E R C A L V E S AN D 
Y E A R L IN G S : Good and Choice 
35o 7oo lbs. $34 
5o 36 5o. lew 
$36.75 early. M ostly Good 35o-6oo lbs $32 34.25. 
S L A U G H T E R C O W S : U tility 
2-3 and som e 4 $24 5o-3o. late 
$24.5o-27.75, fe w e a r ly sa le s 
$3o.25-3o.5o. 
C u tte r la te 
$22.25-26 5o. e o rly week s sales up to $29.5o. C a n n e r and low 
Cutter during the week $18-24.5o. 
S L A U G H T E R B U L L S : 
Y ield g ra d e 
1-2 
1,o5o 1.65o lbs. 

SJI.75-36, Individual 1,88o lbs. on 
Tuesday $38 5o. 
F E E D E R 
S T E E R S 
A N D 
B U L L S ; C h o ic e 275-4oo lbs. 
$46.5o 5o; 4oo-5oo lbs. $44 47.25; 
5oo-6oo lbs. $42.75-44.5o and 
625-75o lbs. $39 25-42. Good and 
Choice 275-4oo lbs- $43-47; 4oo-5oo lbs. $43.5o-45.25 ond 5oo-65o lbs. 
$42 44, late $42-43. Mostly Good 
25o-3oo lbs. $42-46; 3oo-4oo lbs. 
$4o.25-43.25, few $43.5o-44; 4oo-5oo lbs. $4o 44; 5oo 6oo lbs $39.25-42 and 6oo 8oo lbs. $37.5o-4o.5o. 
S ta n d a rd an d low -Good 
$35.25-39.25, few mostly low-Good 
$39.5o-4o.5o and mostly Standard 
31.oo-35. 
F E E D E R H E I F E R S : M ostly 
Choice 3oo SOO lbs. $37.25-38. few 
$38.25; Good and Choice 3oo-6oo lbs. $35-37; few S37.25-37.5o. 
M o s tly 
G ood 
275-5oo lbs. 
$33.5o-36.5o, largely $34.5o and above w ith few lots $36.75-37. 
5oo-625 lbs. $33.25 36.25, some lots 
$36.5o-36.75. Stand ard ond low- 
Good $29.25-33.25. Lot Good and 
Choice 41o lb. crossbred hellers 
Suitable tor replacement $38.5o late. 
H O G S : 
R e c e ip ts this w eek 
1,o5o, last week 581 and last year 
943. B a r r o w s and g ills w e re 
.5o .75 low er w ith in su fficie n t volume of sows on offer to test trade. 
B A R R O W S AN D G IL T S : U.S. 
13 7oo-2-1o lbs. $35.5o 36, low lots oil Tuesday $36.25. 2 3 19o 27o lbs. $35-35.5o. 
SO W S: 
U .S. 1-3 35o-55o lbs. 
$31.5o 32 SO. 
2 3 
5oo-6oo lbs. 
$3o-3o.5o. 

S.A. Feedlot 

F E D E R A L S T A T E 
M A R K E T N E W S S E R V IC E 
D IR E C T S A L E S F O R SO U TH 
A N D 
S O U T H E A S T 
T E X A S 
W E E K t N - ...G 4 28 71. 
C O N F IR M E D : 4,35o; Trade in 
S o u th an d S o u th e a s t T e x a s m oderate, dem and good. F e e d ­ lots re p o rtin g good in a u ir y . 
Feedlots a re v e ry cu rren t and m ost re p o rtin g a la r g e r r e ­ placement volum e than m ark et­ ings. In this week s supply w ere 
2oo slaughter steers $1-2 higher. 
Slaughter heifers SI to m ostly $2 higher. All cattle a re F O B feed lot with 4 per cent pencil shrink and for delivery within IO days. 
S L A U G H T E R S T E E R S : About 
2oo head Good w ith 2o-3o per cen! Choice 2 3 1,ooo-1,175 lbs. 
$41.5o-42. 
S L A U G H T E R 
H E I F E R S : 
About 225 head Good with 3o-4o per cent Choice VOO lbs. $41.5o. 
Mostly Good with 2o-4o per cent 
Choice 2-3 7oo-85o lbs. $39-4o. largely $4o late, I load 8oo lbs. 
$4o.5o; Standard to mostly Good 
1-2 5oo-65o lbs. S38 to mostly $39. 

Cash Grain c h i c a g o (A P I - Wheal No J hard red winter I 48' j-n Friday; No ? soft red winier 2.48'vn Corn No J yellow 2.47J*n 
(hopper) 
(box) Oats No I heavy 
I (Bn Soybeans No I yellow V.45' jo 
No 7 yellow corn Thursday was quoted at 2 4?n (h o p p e r I 2 44'xn (b o x ) 
K A N SA S C IT Y (A P I — Wheat in u re s 
Friday on the Kansas City Beard OI 
Trade 
W H EA T <5,ooo bu) 
Open 
High 
LowClosePrev 
M ay 
2 46' i 
I « 2 46 
2 46 
2 16'. 
Jut 
2 57 
2 57** 2 
2 56 
I 56', 
Sop 
7 65 
7 46'. 2 64 
2 64'. 2 65 
Dec 
7 76 
7 
76 7 72' , I 73 »< 2 75 
Mar 
7 85 
2 
85 2 81' i I l l ’ J 2 84'. 
Sales 1.793 

Om aJia Livestock 

O M A H A . Neb (A P ) (U S D A I— Livestock quotations Friday 
Hods 
3.ooo. barrows and gilts tairlv achy? mostly steady, J J S h M J i J IW M * lbs 79 25. 1 3 2oo 24o lbs 38 5o 39 OO. sows 
25 75 higher some 1.oo higher, most ad vance on weights under 45o lbs. 3oo 6oC lbs SOWS 34 75 35 5o 
Cam e and calves 
2.3oo not enough any s l a u g h t e r class for market fest, most supply teener cattle tor auction 
Sheep None 
Estimated receipts Monday 
__ 
Cattle and calves 4 5oo. hogs 5,5oo sheep 5oo 

W holr> al< ’ \|< at 

F E D E R A L - S T A T E 
M A R K E T N E W S S E R V IC E 

W H O L E S A L E M E A T T R A D E 
(less than carlot) W E E K E N D ­ 
IN G 4 28-77. 
C O M P A R E D TO LA ST W E E K : 
Choice steer and heifer beet S3 higher and Good $2 2.5o higher. 
Cow beet $1 3 lower, mostly 52 3 lower. Bull beef $1 higher. Calf firm to S I h ig h e r. Good and 
C h o ic e b e ef p r im a ls : 
H in d quarters firm to $2 higher. Fo reauurters $2 higher. Square cut chucks $1 higher. Arm chocks firm . Rounds $12 higher. Ribs 
SI 3 higher. Trimmed loins S3 7 higher. Boneless cow beef 9o per cent lean $2 lower and boneless bull beef 9o per cent lean SI lower. 
S T E E R A N D H E IF E R B E E F : 
Choice 4oo 7oo lbs. $66 68; Stan dard and Good 13 35o-6oo lbs. 
$64 66.5o. 
COW B E E F : Breaking Utility 
2 4 $51 53; Boning U tility 1-3 
$52-54; 
Canner and Cutter 
12 
$56 57. 
B U L L : Yield grade 1 2 6oo lbs. and up $66; 4oo 6oo lbs. $65. 
C A L F ; 
G o o d and 
C h o ic e 
15o 3oo lbs. $66 67. 
B E E F P R IM A L S : Yield 2 4. 
H IN D Q U A R T E R S - 115 18o lbs., Choice $79 81; Good $78 79. 
F O R E Q U A R T E R S - 12o IVO lbs.. Good and Choice $53-56. 
S Q U A R E C U T C H U C K S - 
5o-8o lbs.. Good and Choice $62. 
A R M C H U C K S - 
5o 9o lbs.. 
Good and Choice S54-57. 
R O U N D S - 5o 85 lbs.. Choice 
S79 83; Good $78 81. 
R IB S - 25-35 lb s.. C h o ice 
$9o 96; Good $9o-96, 
T R IM M E D L O IN S - 4o 7o lbs., 
Choice S II? 115; Good $1o8 1o9 
B O N E L E S S CO W B L E E : 9o per cent lean $82. 
B O N E L E S S B U L L B E E F : 9o per cent lean $87. 

AG EN C E FRANCE PRESSE 
RIO DE JANEIRO — 
Coffee has gone up in price because of a short­ age, and this shortage will get worse in 1978, 
Eausto 
Cantu 
Pena, president of the Mexican 
Coffee Institute, said here. 
Cantil Pena, currently touring Latin American coffee producing countries, said the basic 

^CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Marketplace 

 reason for the sharp rise in world coffee rates was a shortage of supplies. 
This shortage was not solely due to temporary, climatic or political fac­ tors. There was also a structural problem stemming from the age of plantations: this, in turn, was the conse­ quence of low selling rates over the past de­ cade, he said. 
Cantu Pena added: 
“ Coffee prices in 1978 will be at least as high as they are now.” 

T H C 

B O N S A I f J I R J r t 

PH. 6 4 9 -2 1 o 9 

Give your Mother a 
Living Ming Tree for 

SPECIAL * 1 o “ UP 
13 MILES EAST OF LOOP 41o ON 
US ST SOUTH (RIGSBY AVE.) 

M o n e y R ales 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - Money rates tor 
-ridey 
. Prime rate 6 '* 
Discount rate 5'-x cederat fund*, market rate 
5J* nigh, 415 16 low, 5'< close 
Oealer's commercial paper 
3o 18o days 4 55 5 
Commercial paper by finance company 
JO 27o days 4 i ? 5 ‘. 
Bankers acceptances dealer indications; 
3o 59 days. 4 85 4 75 
6C 8V days. 4 95 4 85 
9o 119 days. 5 IO 5 
12o 179 days. 5 155 IO 
ISO 27o days. 5 375 5 25 
Certificates ot deposit: 
3o 59 days. 4' ■> 4H 
6o 89 days, 4' j 4 H 
9o 319 days. 4 H 4 '. 
ITO 179days. 4>. 4 '» 
ISO 34o days. 5 5 '4 
Televate money market index 
4 AS. up o o2 trom Thursdy and up o 2 tor the week 
Eurodollar rales 
Overnight 2'« V t 
I month 4*» 57 16 
3 months 5**57 16 
6 months S H $>x 
I year 661 16 

Frio Livestock Sale 
Pearsall, Tx. 
Monday, May 2 , I p.m. 
Will feature 
185 Bred 
Crossbred Heifers. Also 
Choice Set of 5o Brahman 
Cross 5 & 6 yr old Cows & 
Calves. These are Choice 
Cows weighing 1ooo lbs or better. These Cows will he in conjunction with our weekly Cattle 
Sale. Expecting 
17oo head. 
Don’t forget our next 
Special Cow & Heifer 
Replacement Sale. May 
14. I p.m. We will sell 
17oo Choice Cross Re­ placem ent Cows and 
Heifers. 
For Info or to Consign 
Cattle Contact: Harry 
Harrison. 334-2355 or 
334-82o8. Pearsall 

LFD/BLEDSOE FURN. CO. 
WILL BE CLOSED 

IV' 
SATURDAY 

CMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short & J 
Long Wheel Base Van- i duras & Suburbans. 
TINDALL & SON 
Pontiac, CMC 

ALMAC Const Co. 
.All Types of Steel Bldgs 
656-o881 
Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
623-52oo 

SO THAT WE MAY BRING TO YOU 

THE BIGGKT w ATIK 
DAMAGED SALE 
PRICE SAVINGS UKE NEVER BEFORE 
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS 
OF FINE FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES 

J I p i if, J ' J I 'I'd J | | U J *1 J 

315 E. COMMERCE 
EASY CREDIT 
TERMS 
FREE 
PARKING 

 and more 
2o% 
OFF 
Entire Inventory 

Sample -Flower Pots 

White Clay 

Red Clay 

$ 4 )o o 
IO” 2.5o N ow A 

$ o 4 o 
12” 4.25 N ow 
9 

6” 
454 N ow 3 6 * 

8” 
894 
N ow 7 V 

Sample 
Concrete Tables & Benches 
Round And 
Rectangle was 185.oo 
N o w 1 4 8 

Bird Bath 
24.5o N ow 19.6o 

6o 
Sample 
WINDMILLS 
4Vi ft. 49.5o 
N ow 39 
8 ft. 
69.95 
N o w S S 86 
Sample 
Philodendron! Sellout!) 
“ Split-!eaf Philly” 
9.95 
N ow 
7.96 

Ground 
C o ve rs 
Monkey Grass 
IOO - 15.95 
N ow 12.76 

Green AJUGA 
2oo in 2 flats 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

VARIEGATED 
ALGERIAN IVY 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Dwarf Rosemary 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Green Santolina 

15.95 

N o w 12.76 

Jasminum 
Asiatian 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Hederacea 
(Viola) I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w I 2.76 

Glacier 
(Variegated) 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Texas 
Honeysuckle 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Bronze Ajuga 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Potentilla Verna 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Vinca Minor 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Sand Verneba 
I OO to a flat Red 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Variegated 
Algerian Ivy 
I OO to a fiat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Algerian Ivy 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

English Ivy 
I OO to a flat 
15.95 
N o w 12.76 

Large Pittosporum 
I gal. real heavy 2.oo N o w 1.6o 
5 gal. 24" tall 9.95 N o w 7.96 

Dwarf Pittosporum 
5 gal. 
12.95 
N o w 1o.36 

Begonia Hybrid (Al! Colors) 
6 for 
1.29 
N o w 6 for 1.o3 
Impatiens Sultanic 
6 for 
1.29 
N o w 6 for 1.o3 
Geranium all colors 
6 for 
1.29 
N o w 6 for 1.o3 

HEDGES 
Japanese Privet 
Hedges 

IOO to a flat 

1 5.9 5 N o w 12.76 

Waxleaf Hedges 
IOO to a flat 

1 5.9 5 N o w 12.76 

Pittosporum 
IOO to a flat 

1 5 .9 5 
N o w 12.76 

Boxwood Hedge 
Bushy & Full 24” tall 
5 gallons 
1 o .9 5 
N o w 8.76 
IOO to a flat 
1 5 .9 5 
N o w 12.76 

PLA N T A C C ESSO R IES 
Blossom Set 
1.69 
N o w 69* 
4.8 Peat Moss 
9.95 
N ow 7.96 
3.o Peat Moss 
6.65 
Now 5.32 

Sample All in one insecticide chemical 
8.98 
N ow 2.98 
Sample 
Blast off Fungacide 
3.98 
N ow 1.98 
VEGETABLES Tomato & Vegetable Dust 
2.69 
N ow 1.69 
Vegetable Spray 
3.77 
N o w 1.38 
NOTHING 
HELD 
BACK 
CASH & CARRY 
LIMITED TO STOCK 
Lawns*'Beauty,mc 
NURSERY 
* 
865o Bandera Rood 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
684k-21 IO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 

N B W Y O R K (A P ) — T ra d in g fo r the w e ek In N e w Y o rk 
S to rk E x c h a n g e issues 

Y e o rly 
H ig h lo w 

37"? 
37 V 
AC F in d 
I BO 
9 
232 
36'* 
73 V 
19 V 
A M F 
174 
IO 1183 
2o V 
15+8 
13"? A P L CP 
I 
5 
13o 
13V 
5o+. 
38 V 
A R A S v 
1.32 
IO 
287 
4o+8 
2 3 's 
17". 
A S A L Id 
8o 
779 
19". 
1o+. 
9+8 A T O In c 
4o 
6 1312 
1o*8 
49 V 
4o 
A b b U .a b 
I 
12 
916 
42 V 
13V 
9 V 
A c m e C lv 
5o 
14 
118 
12V 
3"? 
2>. 
A d m Dg 
o4 
5 
61 
3 
13V 
11*8 A d m E x 
I. I5e 
267 
13 
5 
37b A d m M il 
o5e 
7 
33 
4' a 
14 J 8 
9 7b A d d rssg 
,1oe 
16 
56o 
1o V 
35J. 
28*8 A etn a L f 
1.2o 
8 3515 
32V 
51 
44*8 A et na L f p f 2 
3 
48 
M V 
IO"? 
A g u irre 
A n m a n s 
16o 
I3»8 
7o 
15"e 
VO 
6 
474 
18+8 
3 V 
3 
A ile en 
63 
213 
3 ". 
357 8 
25 
A irP ro d 
2ob l l 
1155 
76 V 
15V 
12"? A irb n F rt 
6o l l 
95 
13 
33 V 
28V 
A irc o 
I 15 
7 
387 
32 V 
19V 
16 
A kzona 
1.2o 77 
163 
18+* 
16V 
14 'a A ia G a s 
I 28 
7 
24 
15+* 
116’ 
1o5 
94 J 8 
93’ 'i 
71' / 
7o’ a 
8’ e 
23'J 
2 8 '. 
2 2 *4 
23’ e 
8'8 
14 
2 5 '8 
43'6 
2 7 'e 
14' j 
4 7 1 a 
14'-8 
12' ? 
77 
56' J 
3 V 
31'b 
9' t 
19 
59' / 
3 6 *4 
59*4 
MI 
5 9 '4 
79'a 
TO’ 2 
3/(4 
16’ J 
8 o 'j 
74 
14 >4 
4' a 
2 ? ' ,1 
13' B 
15 
46'8 
26 
46 ' 6 l l ' s 
•I I -* a 
74 
2->4 
18V 
? 9 '4 
13' 4 
27’ a 
8 
14'j 
25 + . 
15’ 4 
3+. 
12' 4 
25'a 
19 
21 + . 
SO 
22’ 4 
23+a 
32'a 
14o 
31 
5 V 
IJ J . 
1oV 
5U 
46 
14 V 
164a 
32’ 4 
89 
IO ’ 4 
34M 
65'4 
68Ja 
5o'4 
51' a 
13' 1 
19'4 
M V 
17' i 
19'a 
I? a 
13' 4 
17' a 
18Ju 
28' 2 
13' 2 
94 b 
/'a 
2 6 j 4 
(IV 
56’ 2 a 's 
31J8 
26'.1 
7’ 2 
8 
8 ’ b 
7 7 '8 
38 
2'8 
9 2 j 4 
14'4 
32 
4' 8 
17' 4 
31 
21'a 
5+8 
3' 2 
7o 
118 
17 
33’ 4 
3’ 2 
6 ’ a 
32' a 
3o44 
56'4 
2744 
54 
27V 
7o 
19'4 
3 P a 
23'b 
37'a 
3 3 's 
16 
3'a 
744a 
58' 2 
198 
52' 2 
77' 2 
25J e 
3o 
9 V 
16'a 

.72 
.36 
8o 

112 
A la p p l l l 
93 
A la P pf9.44 
89’ ? A la P p f8 16 
89’ ? A la P p f8 28 
15 
A la s k ln 
66 
17' 4 A lb a n y In 
6 
A lb e rto C 
19J8 A lb e rts n 
23'8 A lca n A lu 
38’ e A lc o S td 
1744 A lc o n L b 
37 13 
594 A le x d rs 
3oe 
6 
11'e A lle g C p .6oa 
6 
21’ 4 A llg L u d 1.28 
9 
39'4 A llg L u d p f 3 
197a A llg P w 
I 68 
13 
A lle n G rp 
7o 
38’ 4 A lld C lt 
12' i A lld M n t 
64 
IO 
A lld P r d 
45e 
1V'a A lId S tr 
I 
53’ 2 A lld S 'r p f 
4 
2+. Al Id Sup 
23' ? A llis C h a l 
9o 
8 V A llrtA u t 
.6o 
15 
A lp h P rt 
.72 
SO' ? A lco a 
32’ a A m lS u g 

S a te j 
N e t 
(h d t.) H ig h Law la i t C h g. 

34 V 
36'4 + 
+« 
1 9". 
19 V — 
1/4 
33' 2 
13 V . . . . . 
38'e 
38 V — I V 
17 V 
19 
1o V 
IO '? +■ 
V 
4o 
4 1 + *- 
'a 
11V 
H V T 
1/4 
2 V 
2 Ta— 
V 
12 
12 V + 
V 
4 
4 V _____ 
9 V 
IO' 4— 
'/a 
3 o 'j 
32 V 1 
1 V 
46 
48 
+ 1 
13'? 
1 3 V - 
1 a y r 7 l r v — v 
3 
3 V — v 
2 5 V 
26 
4 
V 
12 V 
12 V ......... 
319* 
32'/4 + 
V 
17V 
17V — v 
15 
15 V + 
V 

46'a A m a * 
1.75 
115 
A m a * p f 5.25 
18'4 A m a * p l 
3 
21V A M B A C 
I IO 
17'? A m e rc e 12o 
6 
3394 A m rc p f2 6o 
29' 2 AH ess 
6o 
7 
66' 2 A H es pf 3 SO 
18'a A A ir F lit 
56 l l 
IO 
A m A ir 
5 
2 V A m A ir w t 
21 'a A m A ir p f2 18 
Ioj a A m c o rd 
.6o 
8 
13'a A m B a k e r 
I 
5 
43 
A B rn d s 2.97 
IO 
2 3 'j A B rn d p f I 7o 

7226o 116 
7287o 1o29 
135 
93' 
743o 
8 
187 
6 
2o 
18 x94 
9 
47 
8o IS 2968 
96 
6 
396 
282 
2o4 
6 
43 
9 
1o4 
18 
8 3929 
7 
27 
I 8o l l 13o6 
8 
14 
21 x44 
7 
349 
729o 
92 
6 1898 
8 
26 
4 
144 
1.8o 12 1339 
3 
7 
38 
12 1511 
9 
3o6 
363 
9 
27 m o 
319 
357 
1449 
1548 
51o 
22o 
4o 
559 
12 
37 
A B dcst 
I 
IO 2o55 
IO' ? A m B ld M 
5o 
38'4 A m C a n 
2 4o 
22'4 ACan pf I 75 
2 'a A C e n try 
16 
A m C re d I 16 
25’ a A C ya n 
I 5o 
9' a A m D is tl 

23 
533 
19 
71 
181 
1o 1379 
11 
43 

9 oV 
17V 
18 
6 V 
2 1V 
289/« 
229/4 
18V 
6' a 
13 
23 V 
4 1V 
2o’ ? 
14'a 
45'a 
13’ ? 
IO V 
2o9 a 
55'? 
3 
29 V 
9 
W e 
57V 
35'4 
51' a 
124 
54 V 
29'? le v 
3 4 ? 
33 
73'? 
23'a l l ’ 4 
4' a 
2 1V 
12V 
13V 
46'a 
25 
44 V 
1os a 
4o 
23'4 
2'? 
18'? 
27V 
9 ’ 4 
25’ 4 
7'4 
14’ 4 
74 V 
13'? 
3'a 
12 
24 
17Ja 
IV V 
2744 
19 V 
23 
28 

1141/4 116 
4 
1o2 Va 1o2 V + 
9o V 
93' 4 + 

73 >4 A D iS tT e l 
84 IO 14o 
6 V A D u a lV t 
39 
13j 4 A D u ! p f 
84a 
71 
23'a A P IP w 
7.o6 
9 *o19 
!7 'a A F a m ity .4o 
7 
185 
2 V A m F n S y s 
8 
129 
IO'. 1 A m F in S y p f 7135o 
73' ? A G lB d 
I 
96c 
17? 
16V A G enC v 
I 32 x87 
17’ a A G e n ln s 
68 
6 
365 
259a A G n ln pf I 3o 
. 
36o 
17V A G n ln p f .9o 
IO 
17 
Am H o is t 
1 
6 I I H 
26'a A m H orn 1.1o 1513592 
12o' 4 A H o m e p l 2 
. 
I 12o’ 
22 
A rn H osp 
56 13 2352 
23+ 
4 'a A m In v sf .2o 
9 
128 
1oV A M e d ic l 
24 
7 
787 
8 
A M e d c p 
IO 
5 1341 
4 
A m M o trs 
7 2175 
4o 
A N a tR 
2.8o 
8 
715 
9 V A m S ea f 
.4o 
16 
884 
1o94 A Ship 
4o 
8 
82 
2594 A m S tn d 1.5o 
8 
752 
73J4 A S td p f 4 75 
. 1413 
6+4 A m S te ril 
3o 15 1o38 
299.4 A m S irs 1.9o 
5 
428 
6 1 V A T T 
4.2o IO 9155 
6 5V A T T p f 
4 
. 
154 
48V A T T p f 
3 64 
535 
49'.1 A T T p f 
3.74 
289 l l'a A W a tW k 
.76 
6x1o1 
17'? A W al p l 1 43 
7)44o 
13 V A W a t pf I 2S 
?46Vo 
14V A W tr S p it 25 
7344o 
IS 
A m e ro n 
I 
7 
86 
1oV A m e sD 
4o 
4 x 56 
27 
Am elet-, 1.4o l l 
647 
14V A m tu c 
I l l 
192 
I2'e A M IC 
o6 
5 
174 
24'.. A M P 'n c 
48 16 179o 
HJV A m p c o 
.6o 
IO 
7J« A m p e x C p l l 
I ' j A m re p C p 
2o'? A m s ta r 
135 
6 
8 
A m s t p f 
68 
44 
A m a te d 2 2o IO 
5 V A m ic i 
36 
15 
76' -7 A n c h rH 1.5o 
6 
2? V A n d C la v 
I 
9 
24 
8 
2o 
8 
531 
. 7o 
9 

9o'/4 
16' a 
179k 
6 '? 
21 Va 
2 6V 
22 
17 V 
5 V 
129/a 
23 
41 Va 
19V 
139/a 
43'a 
139a 
IO'a 
19V 
54"? 
2 V 
2 8V 
8 V 
169 4 
5 6 V 
3 4V 
4 9V 
122 
53 
28 
18'a 
34 
31' a 
69 V 
2 !V 
1oV 
3 V 
21 a a 
12'a 
13"a 
45 
24'? 
42’ ? 
IO"? 
39 
23 
2'4 
18' a 
2 6V 
9'/4 
24 V 
7 la 
249* 
13V 
2 V l l 
2 3V 
16V 
18 V 
27V 
19 Va 
21 "a 
26V 

14- 1' 

12o'/a 1 2oV - 

9 o " . - 
17V 
18 
- 
6 V 
2 1 V - 
28+S4 
22V + 
18 
6 
13 
4 
23 
- 
4 1 + *- 
2oV?. 
1 3 V - 
439/i— 
1 3+ *- 
1o'/4 4 
2o V t 
55 
— 
2"a - 
'a 
291/4— 
4/4 
8 V ......... 
1 6V - 
I V 
57 V 
- 
9 * 
3 4 " ? - 
V 
4 9 V - 
124 
+ 
5 3 ".-- 
289/4 k 
18’ a— 
34 
— 
33 
+ 
7 3"?+ 37/a 
227/a........... 
11 
........... a 
4- 
Va 
71' a— 
V 
12 V — 
"a 
13"?+ 
Va 
4594........... 
25 
........... 
44 
+ 
U 
1oV - v 
39 V + 
"a 
2 3 '4 + 
Va 
2 9*+ 
' * 
18' a ........... 
27' a 
9 *b- 
25 
- 
7' a— 
1414+ 
247* 
13+8- 
3 
- l l 
- 
23 7-8 " 
17' 4 — 
19 
- 
271/a— 
1948+ 
23 
+ 
27+*- 

V 

I V 

I"? 
1 a 
'/a 

I '? 

194 
I '4 

I V 

9* 

'-4 

6 
A n g e lic a 
6"? A n ix te r 
7' a A nsulC o 
16' 4 A pa ch e 
3 2 J4 A p c o O il 
I V A pecoC p 
88 
A p P w p ie 12 . 
1oV A p ld D ig 
23Ja A p ld D ig p H 
. 
2 V A p p l M g 
5o 

573 
27 
238 
14 
728 
115 
2o8 
174 
21o 
156 
8o 
848 
612 
178 z27o 
272 
56 
1o8 
135 
I 
8 1367 
7 
IIH 
196 

5"? 
13 
9 V 
5 
419/4 
14 V 
14' ? 
31V 
88 
9 V 
3o V 
63 
66 
49 V 
5oV 
12'? 
18'? 
14V 
17'? 
1594 
1oV 
32 
17 
13 V 
2 6V 
12V 
V t 
I 
22V a v 
55 V 
7'a 
31V 
25V 
6 V 
7ia 
8 
7 1V 
37 V 
I V 
88’ ? i r a 
2 5V 
29/4 
15V 
2 9'4 
18V 
4 
3 

22 
5 
11 "4 
8"? 
4 V 
4o 
14V? 
13V 
3o 
8 7 V 
89/4 
29 V 
6 2 V 
65' ? 
49'? 
5o'? 
12’ a 
17"? 
13V 
16 
15 
1oV 
29 V 
16 V 
12'» 
259 a 
12V 
7 V 
I V 
2o"? 
8 
529+ 
6 V 
3o"? 
74'a 
6 V 
7 
7 V 
2o "4 
36 
I V 
88 
IO3* 
24 V 
29a 
14V 
29?4 
179/4 
39/4 
23/4 
189-4 

9a 
V 
19* 
7/a 
1o7 a 
I V 

V 

I ' 
V 

14 
A rc a ta N 
.6o 
28'? A re a lN p f 2 
16V A rc h D a n 
2o 
394 A r c t ic E n f 
2*4 A ris ta r 
18V A riz P S v 
1.48 
7x1372 19"4 
114 
A riP p f 
1o 7o 
. ' y5oo 117V 116 
994 A rk B e s t .52b 
6 
“ 
“ 
2 8V A rk L G s I 8o 
9 
2"? A rle n R fy 
4 V A rm a d a 
6 
27' ? A rm c o 
I 8o 
7 
27'e A rm p f 2 IO .. 
51"? A rm r pf4.75 . 
22! a A rm s fC k 
I la 
SO 
A rm C p f 3 75 
21 
A rm R u 
I 
4 
17V A ro C o rp 
1b 
8 
14V A rv in 
64 
5 
26V A rv in ln p f2 
16' . Asr?rco 
8o 
32 
Ash I O il 
I 9o 
2 8V A s d D rG I SO IO 
844 
13 
A fh lo n e 
-8o 
6x356 
I V At i co M fg 
4o 
7 1 V A tlC y E I 1.62 
9 
239 
5o 
A tlR ic h 1.6o 12 4294 
171'? AMRC p f 
3 
. 
6 
4V 
A IIR r p l3 75 z28o 
63 V A1! Re p f 2 8o 
396 
1 9V A tla s C p 
14 
224 
21' ? A u to D ta 
.74 16 12o7 

3o 
326 
432 
75 
656 
74 z35o 
487 
72o 
4 
82 
8 
31 
5 
79o 
84 
17 179o 
6 
819 

7"a A u tn iln d 
13 
A vcoC p 
.4o 

I V I I 16 A v c o C p w t 
19' 
23 V 
15V 
IV V 
89 
49’ ? 
2?4 
43' . 
9 'a 
13' ? 
4 9V 
16 
21V 
2 9V 
77 V 
61 
26 
18V 
18V 
22‘ ? 
29 V 
38 
15'? 
3oV 
12 
79V 
3 8V 
14’ a 
19 V 
19 - a 
34' ? 
19' ? to v 
3 V 
73 V 
5' a 
3? 
78 V 
77 V 
34 V 
24V 
V V 
29 V 
26V 
8'? 
22'? 
18 
22V 
47 
77 
6o V 
117 
3o 
7V 
3 V 
6' 4 
24 
4o V 
3 4V 
2oV 
16'a 
TOV 
73 v 
31V 
6 V 
3 i 
48 V 
33V 
77V 
35 V 
33V 
5 
27 V 
98'? 
13 
16 
11V 
41V 
33 V 
68 V 
14 
16V 
35 V 
72'a 
27 V 
9 'a 
1o V 
73 V 
1o V 
17V 
27V 
27 V 
22 V 
67 
6 V 
1oV 
33V 
8 V 
13 
22V 
12V 
'.’O'4 
3o 
53 

41V A vcoC p p l 
19'a A v e r y ln ’ 
36 14 l l ' . A v is Inc 
4o 
6 
16 
A v n e tln c 
6o 
6 
8o 
A vne t pf 2 SO 
43' 1 A v o n P d 
2 
I V BT M fg 

464 
79o 
151 
81 
83 
386 
6 1273 
I 
15 44o7 
55 

1o V 
3 1V 
3 U 
6 V 
29 V 
28 V 
54"? 
75 
54 
2 6V 
19 V 
16'a 
28 
2 1V 
34 V 
3oV 
16 
2'/a 
22 V 
58 V 
193V 197 
5o9-4 
49 
72V 
23 V 
24V 
9 V 
14' a 

99/4 
3 8 V 
3 
5 V 
27V 
28 "4 
53 
2394 
54 
2 5V 
18’ ? 
15 
2694 
2o V 
33 V 
2 9V 
14V 
2 
22 
5 6V 

7o"* 
22 V 
22 V 
99/4 
14 

23 
5 V — 
1 2 V - 
9 V — a v ­ a l* * 
149+ + 
14'A + 
3 o V - 
8 7 V - 
9 'A — 
3 oV 
63 
.. 
66 
49 V + 
5o9/4 + 
1 2 V - 
I I 
- 
13*.— 
17"? + 
1 5 V - 
1o+4 + 
3 1 V - 
169/4— 
1 2 V - 
26"? + 
1 2V — 
7+4— 
I V - 
22'4 + 
8"a. 
5 3 V — 
7 V + 
31 
. 
24 V — 
6*8— 
7 V — 
8 
+ 
219* 
37 V + 
1 + 4 - 
88 
- 
11V 4 
25 V + 
2 V — 
149/4 + 
299 4 
18’ a— 
4 
3 
+ 
19 
+ 
116 
+ 
9 V — 
3 1 V — 
3’* — 
Va 
6 V + 
+4 
28 V + 
V 
2 87*+ v 
54"?+ I V 
24 V + 
+4 
54 
+ 
V 
2 5 " * - 
V 
1J3/4 - 
I/,. 
16 
+ 
» 
+ 
2 1 V + 
33 V 4 
9 
3o 
+ 
9 
15+4+ 
7 
2 'a ......... 
22' a - 
>< 
58"?+ I* 
193+4 + 
49 
- 
7 2 '* t 
23 
- 
24+a F 
9 V + 
14+a— 

V 

 i v 

2 V 
V 
"? 

I 

19/4 
I V 

Va 

+.11 1611 1o- I 16 

28'4 B a b ckW 1.5o IO 8372 
4o 
36 
64 
.8o 
8o 

612 Bache 
1oV B a ke r In 
4 2V B a k r ln tl 
13 
B a ld D H 
16' 1 B allC p 
17'a B a lly M f 
24"a B a ltG E 2.16 
5 3V B a ll p lB 4 5o 
15V B a n c a 
6o 24 
13' 1 B andag 
.3o IO l l ' a Bang P ut 
4 
15 
BanP p f 1.25 .. 
71' ■? B enP p f 
2 
. 
34 
B k o fN Y 2 32 
6 
B kO fVa 
88 14 

13 1981 
9 147o 
759o 
963 
319 
191 
4 
25 
132 
6o 
23V B ank A m .8o IO 3158 
3594 B a n k T r 
3 
2 7V B rk T p f 2 5o 
33V B a rb O it I 6o 
1o’ 4 B a rd e P 
24 
16'4 B a rn s G p 
8o 
14V B a s ic ln c 
26 V B a te s M f 
28V B a u sch L 
28V B a x tT rv 
7 V B ayC o IP 
21 
B a vS tG I 96 
4 V B a y k C ig 
24 

14 
IO 
BO 
7 
I 
5 
8o 6o 
I 
1o 
24 15 2365 
48 
7 
17 
18 
3 
2574 B e a rin g 
5o 
IO 
86 
23-a B e a fF d s 
96 11 14o6 
2 2 V B e c k m n .3214X 154 
27V B e c fD ic k 
6o 12 
768 

I 
1.37 
36b 

161 
733 
43o 
52 
57 
124 
175 
65 
675 
771 
43 

18 

739o 
64 
621 
325 
892 

TOV Beech A 
6 V B e k e r 
23 V Bel COP 
21 "a Selden 
7’ a B eldn H 
17 V B e llH o w 
84 25 
45V B ellC d a 4.o8 
8 
19V B em is 
12o 
7 
39'a B c n d ix 
7 
8 
22+. B en flC p I 6o 
5 
5o 
B enet p f 4.3o 
o 4V Benet pf5.5o 
28’ 
Benet p l 2 5o 
I V B n fS lM 
I"? B e n g tB 
o7e a v B e rk e y P 
17s. B estP d 
33V B eth S tl 
7 14 25o8 
29 
B ig T h re e 
4o 14 
517 
15V B la c k D r 
48 14 2471 l l ’ a B la ir Jn 
17 
B HssLau 
18 
BIO ckHR 
26 V B lue Bel I 
5 V Bl ueb rd 
3 
BOUbieBr 
3 7 '. B oeing 
I 4o 
7 8 '/ Bo.seCs LIO 
19V B k M n th 1.2o IO 
31V B orden 
I 56 
9 
?9V Bor W ar I 6o 
7 
3 V B o rm a n s 
5 
25 V B osE d 
2.44 
IO 
97 
BOSE p f 8 88 
17V BOSE p r l. 17 
IS 
Bo s e p r l 46 
8 V B ran iff 
24 
6 
31' ? B ra un C F 
6o 
8 
26 
B rig S fr 
92 12 
6 oV B ris tM y 2 2o 13 
389* B ris tM p f 
2 

18 
279 a 
13'a le v 
89 
46 
7 
43 V 
7 
13V 
47V 
IS5 8 
17 
21V 
26 V 
57 
25’ ? 
15 
149* 
19+ a 
2 5 '* 
36 
14V 
2 4V 
38V 
28 V 
3 6V 
12V 
189* 
18 
32 
34' 2 
31V 
2*8 
2294 
5 'a 
28J. 
24 V 
2 5 V 
28 
21 
7 V 
77+a 
24 
7V? 
2 o '* 
46+4 
2oV 
41+4 
24 V 
5 1 '* 

4 7V 
22 
1 2'* 
17 V 
89 
44 V 
I V 
41 
6+4 
17V 
46 1 
14V 
1634 
1 9V 
25 V 
5 5 V 
21"? 
14+* 
13+a 
19V 
23'? 
3 5 '* 
14 V 
23 V 
37V 
28'/? 
34+S 
1o+4 
17 V 
16 V 
3o 
33V 
2 8 '* 
71? 
2 2 '* 
5 
28 
24 
23+» 
27 V 
JO '* 
7 V 
25+4 
23V 
7+* 
199 a 
46' a 
19V 
3 9 V 
2 3V 
5o 

9 V 

I V 

Va 

2"? 

"a 

5* i v 

2 'a 
' a 
'* 

V 
<4 
I ' * 

79o 1o5'? 1o5 

2o 

.64 
6 
356 
I o8 7 
57 
I 12 1265 
I 
5 1442 
7 
97 
169 
IO 3138 
9 1363 
48 
167o 
537 
48 
31o 
723o 
137 
1o9 
1o94 
164 
485 
783 x236 
33e 2o 3599 
13 V B rit P et 
29 
B rk w G I 
I 4o 
7 
19"? B k ly U G LSO 
7 
26 
Bk UG p f 2 47 
- 8V B w n S h rp 
2o 72 
8 'a B ro w nC 
.3o l l 
19'a B w nG P 
I 4o 
7 
7V B rw n F e r 
4o 12 1968 
12+4 B ru n s w k .6o 
6 16Co 
72 
B ruShW 
I 
7 
124 
27'a B u c y E r 
64 
18"? BuddC o 1.2o 
57 
BuddCo p f5 
5 V BudCa p f 6o 
8V Buda In d 
1or 6 
2 5V B u ff+ o I 4oa 
7 
6 'e B u lo v e 
11 "4 B un d yC p 
88 
7 
2 1V B u n k H i! 
1.86 
8 
B u n k R a 
9 
1594 B nkR p f I 5o 
23 j 4 B u rl In tl I 4o 
7 
4 1 V B u r lN o l .6o 7x2125 5 1 V 
7Ja B u rl No p f 55 
. x26 
8 

113 
135 
14 
83 
6 
215 

12 1o42 
4 
464 
78o 
9 
64 
134 
743 
1o2 

33o 
14 
8o5 

29* 
7’ a 
2 V 
4 V 
193a 
3 5V 
3o 
16 V 
16V 
19 V 
2o V 
28 ' 4 
5"? 
3"? 
4 8'* 
329* 
259 4 
35 V 
3 1V 
4 
26 
95 
12 V 
159* 
93* 
37"? 
2 7 '* 
63'a 
4oV 
16' a 
33 V 
2o 
27 V 
9 'i 
9 V 
2 oV 
1oV 
14+* 
25+4 
2 5 '* 
2o'? 
57 
6 V 
99 4 
3 2V 
B V 
13 
22 
1 oV 
2o 
26V 

29 
I V 
2 V 
4 V 
17V 
3 4 '* 
29 
15V 
14 V 
19 
18 V 
26V 
5 V 
3 
4 5V 
3 1V 
24+a 
3 3 * 
3o V 
3 V 
25 V 
92 
12V 
15+a 
6 V 
35"? 
26 
61' ? 
38+4 
15V 
32 
19V 
27 V a v 
9 'a 
19V 
V V 
I2 j i 
243* 
24 
19V 
57 
6<* 
89* 
31 
7 V 
12 
21V 
» '? 
19V 
2 5 '* 
4 8 V 
7+4 

4 7V 
27 
- 
13' a + 
18 V + 
89 
+ 
45"?— 
2 
. 
43 V + 
7 
+ 
129*— 
479/4 + 
15' ?— 
16+4— 
2 o '* — 
2 6 '* + 
56 V + 
24+4 + 
14+4 
14V + 
19+a+ 
24 "a— 
3 5 V — 
14V + 
2 4"?+ 
38’* + 
2 8 V — 
34+a— 2 '* 
11' * - 
18 V - 
17 V + 
3o+a 
34 V + 
29 
- 
JV?— 
229* + 
S V + 
28 V - 
2 4 9 *- 
2 5 '* + 
2 7 + * - 
'* 
2o V - 
V 
7 "a — 
9* 
27 V + I "a 
24 
+ 
V 
7 V — 
'.* 
2 o '* - 
V 
4 6 '*— 
"? 
2 o V - 
+4 
4 1 '* — 
+4 
23V - I V 
5 o '* - I 
1o5'/?— 4"? 
2 9 V ........... 
I V — 
V 
2 V + 
V 
4+8— 
"a 
18 V + 
V 
35 V + 
2V' ?— 
16 V — 
16 
+ 
19 
— 
V 
19 V + I '? 
28 
5'-?........... 
3 '* + 
’ a 
4 8 '* + 2 V 
3 1 V - 
9e 
24+8- 
I V 
35 
+ 
+4 
3o9*......... 
4 
+ 
V 
26 
+ 
*a 
95 
+ I 
1 2 V - 
Va 
1 5 V ........... 
9 Va......... 
3 7 '* + 
' a 
26 
- 
Va 
43 
+ 
+4 
39’ a— 
V? 
1 6 V + 
V 
3 2 + *- 1+8 
2o 
+ 
3, 
2 7 '* + 
' * 
9 '* + 
V 
9 '* + 
1 9 V - 
1o'/?+ 
14+8 + 
25’* — 
251*+ 
3o"-/ + 
57 
. 
6 '* — 
9+4+ 
"a 
32'/?+ I '* 
7 V + 
V 
13 
+ I 
22 
+ 
3* 
♦ V — 
V 
2o 
......... 
2 6 '* + 
+4 
4 9 '* — 
V 
7 V + 
Va 

+4 

I 

I 

Vt 

Vt 

H igh 
TOV 
9134 
23 V 
61V 
42 
534 
V t 
6 V 
4 o '.( 
IS 16 
V t 
5 V 
12"? 
9 "4 
16 
13V 
SOV 
2oV 
49'a 
4 V 
S 'a 
8V 
TOV 
18 
2 
3o'a 
39'a 
34 V 
17 
93 a 
57 
23 
I"? 
38j 4 
3 V 
19V 
7o"? 
63 a 
233 4 
3o V 
41V 
TOV 
34 
15 
22 
38 
8 
IO’ .. 
16 V 
58 l? V 
57V 
53J 4 
1234 
173 a 
71 
19V 
56 
J734 
293-4 
16' a 
29’ a 
16V 
15 V 
25V 
27 "a 
28 
3oV 
273 a 
27 V 
14'a 
5 
3oV 
9 V 
33'a 
3'4 
V t 
34 
45V 
37 V 
26 V 
43V 
1o's 
16’ •? 
3o V 
4 V 
7Je 
I? 
18J a 
1734 
75 
22 
35 V 
263 a 
23 V 
51 
1o8’ ? 
9 1V n o 
41"? 
34 
61+4 
15'a 

Low 

16V B u rn d y 
54’ ? B u rrg h s 
17+4 B uttesG O 
55 
CBS 
2 
37V CBS p f 
I 
3 V CCI 
C orp 
34 C IM tq G p 
4’ ? C IR It to v 
34"? C IT F In 
2.4o 
9 16 C LASSI 
6+e CLAS p f 12k 
4 V C L C A m 
24 
1o'e C M IIn v 
6 'a CNA 
F in ) 
13+a CNA p fA I.1 o 
12 
C N A I 
1.o8a 
44"? C P C In t 2.5o 
18V CTSCp 
.7o 
4oV CabotC 
14o 
3 V Cadence 
4 
C a e s a rs 
8 
C a lF in l 
18V C a lp u l 
1.64 
123-4 Cal la tin 
35b 
I V C a m e rn B r 
23 
C m pR L 
36 *a Cam Sp 
SOV C am pT 
1534 CdnPac 
8 
Canal R 
44V C apC 'tis 

Sates 
(h d x .! H igh Lew 

66 IO 
2 2 6 
1 7 "? 
8o 12 3319 
4oo 
881 
7 
21o 

5 7'* 
183/4 
58V 
4o 
5+8 
11113 16 
69 
6V 
9 
748 
7 
39 
5 
126 
6 
122 
IO 
535 
82 
*143 
IO 
667 

I 
8 
18 
3 
6oa 26 
1.48 
12 1465 
1.32 IO 
28 
86e 
6 
.64 l l 
2o IO 

29o 
372 
134 
89 
5o1 
46 
136 
43 
295 

IO 

361 
5o 
256 
624 
54 
298 
166 
37 
73oo 
12 
43 
8 1256 
22 
21 
5o5 
12 1281 
72o 

19"? C apH old 
6o 
I 
C a p itM tg 
32 
C a rte r 
1.12 
9 
2 V C a riin g O 
15 
15V C a rlis le 
88 
6 
65 
CaroCO 
5 
.. 
5+* C a ro F rg 
2o 
2 1V C a ro P w 172 
29 
C a rp p l 2 67 
34 
C arTee 
7 
15V C a rrC p 
64 
29 
C a rr p l 2.25 
13 
C a rrG n 
8Be 
34 
17V C a rtH a w ,9o 
9 
56o 
32V C artW w p f? 
. 
77 
7 
C a rtW a ll VO IO 
157 
8 
Case N G ,5or 
9 
134 
14'a C astlC k 
8ob 
7 
374 
48V C a trp T r 1.5o 12 3717 
IT V CecoCp 
1.15 IO 
223 
45+b Celanse 2.8o 14 
4o3 
51 
Celan p f4 SO 
9 
IO V Centex 
.12 
9 
3o6 
14V CenSoW 
1.26 
9x5385 15V 
19V Cen Hud I 8o 
8 
8 1 
2oV 
17V C e n lllL t 1.6o IO 
181 
52 
C n lL t pf4.5o 
74oo 
3o"? C n lL t p f2 87 . 
?69o 
28’* C n lL ! p f? 62 , .z l2 4 o 
14V Cen 11 PS 1.28 11 
238 
23V C e nL a E 
1.4o 
9x326 
15"? C eM P w 1.4o 
9 
2oo 
13 
CenSoya 
7o 
8 
133 
233 ? Cen Tel 
1.5o 
9 
784 
2 2V C e n trD a f 
I 
IO 
282 
19V Cr! teed 
.7o l l 
478 
26 V Cess A ir 
I 2o 
7 x 294 
22+8 C h am pln 
I 
8 1816 
22 V C hm ! p f I 2o 
73 
11V Q i am Sp 
68 IO 

35 
'8 
V t 
5 
11V 
7 V 
14V 
12"? 
5o V 
2o 
43V 
4V 
5 
8 V 
19V 
15V 
1+4 
26V 
38 V 
32 
16V 
B v 
47V 
2o V 
IV 
38j 4 
23/4 
18' ? 
68 
6 
23 V 
3oV 
41' ? 
193i 
34 
13V 
IS3* 
32 V 
7 '* 
8 "? 
15V 
55V 
15V 
S IV 
52 
12 

3o’ ? 
78V 
12 
43 V 
19V 
71 
35V 
9o V 
92 
129 
13V 
12V 
1o’ e 
13V 
18 
26V 
22"? 
93 8 
8o V 
K V J4 
18"? 
14' 

3Vt C h a n c o 
o8 
28 
C h rtN Y 2.12 
8 V C hasFd 
6oe 
29V C haseM 
2.2o 
2' ? ChaseT 
5 V Chelsea 
4o 
2 8 '* C h em in 1.5o 12 
4o 
O lm N Y 2.68 
6 
28 
C hesV a 1.36 
7 
21V ChesePn .84 13 
35 
Chessie 
2 32 
6 7s C h iM lw 
12'? C h iM lw pf 
25"? C h lP ne T 
7 
3 '* C h k F u ll 
4' ■? C h ris C ft 
9 ’ ? C h rC tt pf I 
12' ? C h rC tt p f 
14' ? C h lo rn a l 
84 
68 
C h ro m a p f 5 
16V C h ry s le r 
45e 
28' 4 C h u rc h 
6o 
23V C in B e il 
I 6o 
2o34 C in n G E I 64 
47V* CinG p f 
4 
1o4 
CinG p*9.3o 
8734 CinG p f7 44 
1o5'* C inG pt9.57 
34'4 C in M ila 1.4o 
26"? C itic o rp 1 o6 
57 
C itie sS v 
3 
12"? C ity In v s f .8o 
V C it y ln v w l 
28 
C ity In p f I 31 .. 
243, C ity ln p f 
7 .. 
11V C ityh p f I IO 
36"? C la rk e 
1 6o 
8 
14 
C lark OII 
SO l l 
6 2 V C lv C lif I 8oa l l 
3? 
C levE I 
264 
8534 C.lvEI pf7 4o 
87 
Civ El pf7.56 
124 
C lv E I p f 12 
1oV C levepk 
.6o 

428 
427 
159 
179 

18 V 
53 
3? 
29 
15V 
24V 
16'* 
13V 
25V 
23 V 
27'? 
27+« 
23+4 
24 
11V 
41 4 
3oV 
8 V 
8x2939 31V 
165 
2+4 
SI 
251 
457 
23 
961 

6 
3o 
42V 
3o3'4 
23 
9x1827 43 
85o 
9"? 
9 
115 
73 
297 
26 
46 
186 
4 
4o33 
2o7 
5o 
539 
721o 

153* 
273/4 
3 V 
43/4 
IO 
1334 
163 8 
73"? 
18V 
293/4 
26 
27 
49+4 
733o 1o6'4 
711o 
91 
7145o 1o9"? 
12 
138 4 o'* 
8 
5433 27 V 
7 
1479 6 oV 
8 
1383 14V 
197 5 16 
SOW 
23o x243 
1417 
271 
57 
8 
3o5 
7192o 
714o 
715o 128 
IO 
272 I33* 

253* 
12 
41V 
16'* 
68 
33"? 
89-* 
89"? 

IO’ 8 C lorox 
6o 1ox1778 l l ' * 
8 V C lue*Pea .5o 
5 
927 
IO 
11+* C lu e !IP p f l 
22 
123/4 
13V C s tS IG s 
5 1293 
15+8 
22 V CstSG p f I 83 
18 23’ ? 
17V CstSG p tl.1 9 
49 
19+b 
7 '8 Coca BM *o a 
12 1355 
7 V 
71V Coca C ol 
3 o8 
16 3713 
7 5 V 
7 1 V 
74 
- 

16V 
1 7"?+ 
' ? 
54V 
57 
- 
V 
17+. 
18 V 
- 
Vt 
56"? 
57'?— 
Vt 
4o 
4o 
+ 
I i v 
5 V - 
V 
Vt 
3*. . 
5 V 
6 
. , . 
34 V 
34 V 
9 14 
V + 1 16 
7 
7 
— 
Vt 
4+. 
5 
+ 
V 
1o*8 l l ' 8— 
'8 
V t 
7 V — 
'* 
13V 
14 V - . 
12V 
12V— 
’ Vt 
48+i 
5o 
+ 
Vt 
19*8 
2o 
- 
V 
4oV 
41’ ?— 
2 3 . 
4"? 
4 V + 
V 
4*8 
4+* — 
8 V 
I V — 
V 
18*8 
19 
+ 
'* 
M V 
15 
- 
"4 
I V 
1 + 4. . 
24+A 
26+8- 
V 
37+* 
31 
- 
I 
3 1 '* 
J I LS­ 
+8 
16+8 
TBV— 
' 8 
8 '. i v + 
"* 
4 5'* 
46 V — 
2 e 
19+* 
2o V f 
V 
I 
I 
— 
'8 
36V 
38+* + 
Vt 
2 V 
2 V 
17V 
18 V + 
V 
67' ? 
68 
.. 
5 V 
5 V 
22+8 
23 V + 
"Vt 
29+. 
3o"? + 
V 
39V 
41V + 
I V 
18V 
19+/8+ 
V 
34 
34 
+ 
I 
13V 
13+* + 
’* 
17V 
1 8 '* + 
'* 
32V 
32+8— 
Vt 
7 
T V ­ 
V 
8 
S '* - 
Vt 
14+. 
15 
+ 
V 
54+8 
54"?— 
IV . 
12 V 
13 
— 
27e 
49"? 
51V + 
I V 
51+* 
5 1 *.— 
'* 
11+8 
1 1V — 
3/d 
M V 
15V — 
V 
19V 
2o'* + 
>* 
17V 
1 8V + 
1 
52 
52 
— 
Vs 
3 1 '* 
317? — 
V 
28 V 
29 
14*8 
15 
+ vs 
24 
24"?+- 
Vt 
16 
1 6 '* + 
Vt 
13 
13 V 
25 V 
25"?+- 
22V 
2 2 V - 
I 
26V 
27 V + 
Vt 
27 
2 7 '* - 
Vt 
22 V 
23'/?. . 
23 
23++- 
' V 
11V 
11V + 
'* 
3+8 
4 
— 
Vt 
29+s 
3o V . 
8+A 
8 V . 
3o 
3o 
- i 
2"? 
2 V . 
5 V 
5 V + 
' 8 
78 V 
29+4 + 
V 
41"? 
42+. + 
I 
3o 
3o'?— 
Vt 
21'* 
21* * - 
I V 
41V 
41+.+ 
V 
8V 
S ^ o - 
Vt 
14V 
IS '* — 
+8 
2 6V 
27 V + 
*8 
3+8 
3+8- 
"8 
4 V 
43/4 + 
V 
9 V 
9 "? - 
V 
12"? 
13 
- 
7 8 
15 
16 
+ 
Vt 
73 
73’ ? + 
'? 
16+. 
18 
+ 
Vt 
28’* 
29*»- 
'* 
25 V 
25 V - 
V 
71 
2 1 V + 
V 
48"? 
49 
+ 
' ? 
1o6 
1o6 
9o 
9o 
+ i 
1o8 
1o9"? + 
Vt 
39*. 
4o 
— 
VS 
26"? 
27 
— 
Vt 
59". 
6 o V + 
Vt 
M V 
14 V + 
Vt 
Vt 5 16 
29 Vt 
3o V + 
’ Vt 
24V 
25 V + 
V 
11V 
11'/?+ 
’* 
39V 
4 o '* — 
'? 
M V 
1 5 '*— 
V 
6 7 '* 
6 7 V — 
I* 
33V 
33 V + 
Vt 
88 
89"? 
89'?- 
V? 
127V 
128 
+ 
'? 
12V 
13V + 
Vt 
1oV 
11'* + 
I V 
VV 
9 + .— vs 
12+8 
1 2+8- 
V 
14V 
15+8 
23*8 a v — 
'* 
18+* 
1 9 V - va 
/Vs 
7 V - v* 

12 V 
8 
2 7 '* 
51V 
13 
9 'a 
29 < a 
24V 
54 V 
28 V 
7534 
31 
64 
62 
11 3 4 
27?4 
116 
28’ a 
7334 
58"? 
3o3 8 
2o 
31+4 
1o+8 
1o+8 
217 a 
23’ ? 
2434 
28 
33 V 
1o2 
37 V 
37+b a v 
14 V 
25'a 
17V 
2 oV 
77V 
23 V 
74V 
523. 
5634 
27 
71"? 
?6‘ 1 l l 'a 
121 

23'? 
47 
52 
83 
85 
86V 
85J a 
263* t i' 7 
93 V 
JH 
6 V 
13'8 
54V 
59V 
59 V 
37 3 a 
6oV 
17V 
23* 
38 
1 /V 
26 V 
52+4 
39V 
4V 
45‘8 
12V 
18 V 
183/4 
2oJ 8 
24 
S IV 
3+4 
71V 
7 
16'.1 
33+8 
153a 

C o ld w B k 
72 
IO '4 C oleN at 
6o 
5' a Coleco 
2338 Colg P al 
88 
48+s ColgP p f 3 SO 
IO’ • Col fin A ik 
64 
7"? C o llin F 
.2o 
24 V Col Penn 
.7o 
21V C olonist 145 
49 
C o ltln d 
2.5o 
26' j COH pf I 6o 
TO 
Colt pf 4 25 

8 
25o 
5 
68 
8 
538 
12 27o3 
?28o 
6 
794 

28 
C o 'G a s 2 24 8x966 
59' ? Col GS p f5 62 
58"? C o ld s p f5 48 
7+8 C o lu P ic t 
25'4 C olSOh 
2.2o 
11o 
CoSO of 1o 52 
27 
CoSO p f 2.42 
19 
C om b e 
o5o 
4 5 V C m bE n 
2.2o 
22?4 C m bE q 
I Or 
18' ? C m bE q w i 
2 8 '* Com w fc 2.4o 
9 V C o m E dA w l 
9' ? Com E d B w t 
197» C om E p f I 42 
2 1 V C om E p f l 9o 
231 a C om E p f 
2 
27 
C o m E p f2 37 
31V Com E p f2 87 
973* C om E p f8 4o 
29'a C om sat 
I 
31 
C o m p ar 
2o 
7 
Com p5c i 
1134 C onA qr 
.75 
21 "4 ConeMI 
I 2o 
13+4 C ongolm 
6o 

 l l 
3 
13o1 
276 

IS"? 
I T * 
6"? 
24"? 
5o 
1oV 
734 
27 V 
22 V 
S2V 
28 
74 
3 o V 
62V 
6oV 
IO '* 
27+8 
713o 113 
19 
27+4 
546 
589 
44o 
63 
161o 
3 
8 
IO 
29 
29 
138 
116 
41 
553 
184 
461 
63 
199 
474 
16 V C o n n M 1.6o 15x129 
2 3V C onrac 
8ob 
2o V Con E d 
7 
7 1V Con E PT 
6 
49 
ConE p f 4.65 
52V ConE pf 
5 
2 2 V ConFds 1.4o 
63 
ConF pf 4.5o 
21 + 4 C o n F rg t 
9o 
3 4V Con NGS 2.5o 
117V CnG pf IO 96 
2 oV ConsPw 2.12 
43' ? C nP w pf4.16 
47"? C nP w pf4.5o 
77V C nPw pf7.45 
79' 8 C nP w pl7.72 
8o'» C nP w pf7.76 
8o 
C nP w pf7 68 
25V C nPw pf2.43 
6 7V C nPw pf5.5o 
84 
C nP w pf 
6 
6 
Cont A ir 
5 '4 Cont Cop 
.5o 
12"? CICOP p f l 25 
4734 C ontlC p 
3 
52V CMC p fA2.5o 
52"* CIIC p f B2 SO 
33’ ? C n tlG rp 
2 
5o V C onli CD 2 4o 
15V C o n tllP 1.28 
I ' 7 C o nin Rf 
33"? Cont O il I 4o 
14V C ontTel 
1.o8 
2 oV C ontD ta .b e 
46"? C nD t pf4.5o 
35+8 Conwd 
2 2o 
3+b Cook Un 
.3o1 

7 
68 
5 1992 
16 
78oo 
4o 
8 2o)1 
29 
7 
6o9 
833 

223* 
56 V 

 r 
29V 
9+4 
9+4 
2o"8 
2 2V 
233* 
2734 
3 1V 
9 9 '* 
36V 
33+« 
7' j 
14 
24 V 
16V 
19 + 8 
26+4 
223* 
7 3'* 
5234 
55 
25V 
68 
22+8 
4oV 

161* 
1o34 
53/4 
2 3V 
493.4 
1o’ 8 
7"? 
25’* 
21' 7 
51+* 
273* 
7 3 '* 
29"? 
6 1 '* 
6 o '* 
8+4 
2 6V 
111 
27V? 
21V 
53'? 
27V 
18"? 
28"? 
9"? 
9"? 
19 V 
22"» 
23'? 
V V t 
3 1V 
98+* 
34V 
32 V 
7 
13V 
23 
153* 
18+4 
25V 
22V 
72"? 
51V 
54 
24 
6 5V 
JI 3* 
373* 

18 V + 
IO7/* — 
6 
— 
74'? + 
49+4 - 
1o+4+- 
I Vt 
27 V + 
2 2 V + 
57"? + 
28 
+ 
74 
+ 
293* + 
6 2 '* + 
6o+4 + 
9 V + 
2 6 V . . 
113 
+ 
2 7 " * - 
"4 
22 V ............ 
5 6V + 2’ 4 
3 o '* + I V 
2o 
......... 
28+*- 
+4 
9"?— 
V 
9 "? ............ 
1 9 V 
’ ? 
2 2 '* ............ 
23V 

I V 
Vt 
V 
'/? 
+8 
'* t v 
Vt 
Vt 
. . . 

2! 
27 V . 
3 1 V — 
99V-+ 
35 V + 
3 3 V + 
7 V . . . 
14 
+ 
24 
+ 
16V " 
19 V + 
2 6 " ? - 
22 V + 
7 2 V + 
52' » - 
55 
+ 
2 5 '* + 
65 V - 
2 2 V + 
4 o '* + 

+8 

HO 118"? 1173* 118"?— I 
6 136o 
. 72oo 
774o 
7246o 
7 43oo 
142 
115 
76 
24 
3 
o 
664 
219 
715o 
2 
9o9 
J 
7 
9 
632 
7 
52o 
• 
5o4 
161 
9 67o3 
9 1783 
7 1611 
725o 

383s C o op rln 1.o8 11 
9 V COOPLab .2o 
14 v C o o p t R 
.7o 
3 
16V Cops pf 1.25 
17 
Copeind 
.68 
9 
1 9V C o p p R g 
45 
Coppw 2 4ob 
8 
3 V c o rd u ra 
.2o 14 
59 V CornG I 52a 
13 
I V Cousins 
12 
Cowles 
64 
19 
3 
C oxB dct 
.55 
; 
IO"? C raig 
.3o 
3 4V 
26V C rane 
1.2ob 
6' 
29 
47V 
16 
32V 
85 V 
22' ? 
45 V 
63 
32+4 
23 V 
1434 
54V 
145 
93* 
IT3? 
18 V 
28"? 
44’ a 
28V 
26J 4 

8 '* 
8 V 
934 
29J* 
35 V 
39 
46 V 
27 V 
IV V 
77 
38j 8 
2o V 
87V 
85' ? 

8+4 C re d itF .24a 
253* C rockN 
I 66 
7 
42V C rockN pf3 
13V C ro m o K 
.9o 
7 
28’ 8 C rouH i 
I l l 
77 
C ro H ' pf3.35 
19+4 C rw n C k 
7 
39' ? C rw Z el 
I 8o l l 
6oV C m Z p i4 2o 
. 
26 V C rum FO 1.56 
9 
19+a C u lb ro 
I 32 
7 
9 V C u llig a n 
.44 l l 
4 5 '* Cum E ng 1.4o 6 
124+4 C um E p f7 5o 
8 
C u nn D rg .25 
9 
11V C u rrln c I o8 
15’ 4 C u rtis W r 
6o 
8 
2 5 V C u rl W A 
7 
37+e C u tle rH 1.8o 
8 
227e C yclop 1.2oa 
6 
233® C yp ru s 
I 4o 6o 

ID ­ 
S '„ D P F Inc 
6 V D am on 
8’* D a n R iv 
24"? D a n a Cp 
ID V D a rtln d 
33V D a rt p l 
34 
D a la G e n 

15 
79 
287 
127 
72 
I 
84 
216 
5 
211 
9o2 
161 
273 
358 
179 
$ 
2o4 
18 
86 
126 
4 
357 
474 
79o 
329 
3o 
235 
1824 

22 V 
US3* 
49"? 
83 
85 
86V 
85+1 
26"? 
74 
91 
6+8 
6 
13 
5 4V 
57+4 
59 
367* 
5 1V 
16V 
2 Vt 
37V 
15+* 
2o V 
51"? 
39+4 
4 
443* 
11V 
17'* 
17+4 
18V 
2o V 
48 
3"? 
6 5V 
I"? 
16'* 
2 9'* 
11V 
33J» 
5 V 
26"? 
43"? 
15"? 
SO3* 
81 
22 
4oV 
4 1 '* 
31 
TOV 
14' ? 
53 

21"? 
45"? 
48 V 
8o V 
8 3 '* 
83"? 
83 
25V 
713* 
91 
6 
5+a 
12V 
5 1 '* 
55 V 
56 
3 4'* 
SOV 
V 
35 
14V 
2o V 
JO"? 
39 V 
3 V 
4 2'* 
11V 
16V 
173* 
18"? 
19+s 
47 V 
3 V 
6 4 '* 
I V 
14V 
28 V 
1o+4 
31V 
5"* 
26 V 
423* 
15 
2 9 3 * 
81 
21"? 

29 
19V 
13"? 
51V 

2 2 V + 
4534 + 
49 
83 
+ 
84 
+ 
86 
+ 
85 V t 
24''? + 
74 
+ 
91 
+ 
4 V — 
5+4— 
12 V . 
54 V t 
57 
+ 
59 f 
3 4 '* - 
5 1 V + 
16" » + 
2 '* 
3 6 '*— 
15'*-+ 
2 o '* — 
3I ' * - 
393* + 

4 f c 
1 1 + *- 
143* 
173/4. 
18'?— 
1 9 V - 
4 7 V - 
3 V - 
653 4 + 
1 V + 
14'/* + 
2 8 + * - 
1 1 '* + 
32+8— 
5 '* + 
2 4 '* + 
42+4— 
1 5 + *- 

1"? 

V 

Vt 

781o 145 
14o"? 143 
56 
9+» 

293e— V s 
81 
- 
‘ 
J 1 V + 
3 9 + 4 - 
41V + 
3o V - 
2o+8+ 
13'/?— 
52 
— 

98 
96o 
9 
96 
84 
193 

12V 
173* 
27 
43V 
23V 
25 

- E 
- r 
9 
127 
6 
.2o 78 1277 
48 
6 
339 
I 
8 
55o 
1b 
9 
829 
2 
76 
15 2467 
17"? D a ta p n t 
8 
6o5 
15V D ayco 
.5ob 
4 
84 
66' ? D a ve p f4 .2 5 ySO 
3o3. D a ytH d 1.2o 
8 
559 
18’ a Da Vt P L 1 66 IO 1868 
83 
D P L p l 7 *8 
81 
D P L pf 7.37 
129+4 125 
D P L p tl2 .5o 
32'a 
26"? Deere 
1 2o 
24V Del M on I SO 
13 
Del m a p I 2o 
3o 
D e lta A ir .7o 
4 '. D eltec 
4 "* D eltona 
23 
D e nn M f 1.24 
22 
D e nn M f pf I 
1 8'* D ennys 
.6o 

71oo 
79o 

I Vt 
9 V 
263* 
35 
37V 
37+4 
2o V 
16 V 
67 
32 
2oV 
87 
85"? 

79V 
14+8 
39+e 
B V 
5 V 
27 V 
25 V 
24 V 
3o v 
15 V 
16** 
68 
•OI 
85’ * 
81V 
8o 
29 
28 V 
28 
B's 
16 
13 V 
39V 
& 
34'e 
8+a 

711o 128 
3313 
31V 

22V D e n ts p ly 
8o IO 
12' ? D esoto 
.6o 
15’ s D el Ed is 1.45 
63 ? D etE p f 5 5o 
9 5V D e tE pf 9 32 
78 
D etE p f 7 68 
76 
D e tE pf 7 45 
75 
DetE p f 7.36 
77V D e tE p f 2 75 
27 V DeE p f BT 75 
22j b D e xter 
.8o 
6' . D iG io rg ,o5e 
13 
D iG io r p f 88 
12V D ia lF in l 
.7o 
3 5V D ia m ln l 
2 
17 
D ia m M 1.721 t 
33 
D iam S h I IO IO 
79' ? D id d (D 1.2o 
6 V D ic k A B 
.2o 
9 

233 
522 
1459 
113 
124 
4o8 
4 
572 
139 
165 
8 
846 
17 
746o 
717oo 
7221o 
. 736o 
61 
67 
9 
716 
8 
3o4 
. 
74o 
6 x4o 
9 
ItQ 
12o 
1418 
165 
4o3 

2 7'* 
13V 
34V a v 
4 V 
27+. 
24 
19+4 
22V 
15V 
16 
67 
99 
8334 
8 o '* 
79 V 
28 V 
28 a 
27+4 
734 
13 V 
13 
36' ? 
2o+4 
36 
31+4 
7"? 

8* 
12"* 
16V 
2 4V 
41V 
22V 
24 V 

6 '* 
7 
8+4 
24 V 
3 3V 
367« 
34 V 
17"? 
15V 
67 

 r sr 
84"? 
128 
3o'* 
26 V 
13V 
3 2'* i v 
4"? 
8 
18V 
2 2 '* 
143* 
15' J 
65 
98 

9 V + 
12V 
1 7 '* + 
27 
+ 
42": 

2n; i? 
— 
V 

4 '* — 
7 
- 
» V - . 
25V + 
35 
+ 
3 7V . 
34+4 + 
2 o '* + 
14 
. 
67 
- 
2 V 
3 1'?— 
Vt 
2o V + 
V 
87 
+ 
8 5 '* + t28 
+ 
3 1 V + 
2 6 V - 
13"?+ 
V 
3 4 '* + I V a v — 
'* 
4"?— 
V* 
27'/* + 
24 
- 
1 9V — 
2 2 " ? - 
15+*— 
15V + 
6 6 '* + 
9 8 " 

I" ? 
1+ 4 

I 
'/? 
I V 
V 

+8 
IV? 
V 
V? 

81’ 1 ^ 8 3 3 . ♦- 
79"? 
8 oV 
78 
2 7V 
277 * 
27 
73* 
13"? 
12 V 
M V 
19 V 
33 
29 V 
6 V 

79' ? .. . 
28 
— 
28' e 
27+4 + 
7V + 
1 3 "? - 
12+4 + 
34"? + 
2v3* + 
35 V + 
31+4. 
7 V + 
+*• 

High 
13J a 
14V 
5+ 
12V 
29' a 
33'» 
47V 
2 t v 
14+4 
52 V 
4 V 
24 >4 
18V 
1734 
41V 
43’ ? 
34V 
31V 
45 "4 
18 "4 
8 3* 
35 
52 
66V 
2 2 ’ 4 
9134 
1o4 
9 9 
95 
31"? 
3o"? 
2oV 
25 
26 
26V 
27V 
31 
89 
13 V 
12 V 
21"? 
4 
57 V 
2o+4 
21V 
9 V 
29 V 
197 8 
86»4 
■MV 
27V 
29 V 
6 oV 
15 V 
17V 
3 V 
1 9'* 
4 V l l 
29 
8 V 
3 1 '* 
36 
39 
12V 
39V 
16V 
6"? 
11V 
26V 
36V 
6J4 
32 V 
115 
34 V 
39’ B 
293. 
14' 8 
39 
2 6 'p 
3 5 V 
1o V 
83* 
4534 
59 V 
14 
IS3* 
29 
21"? 
55 V 
76V 
38 
9+e 
9+8 
6 V 
41V 
11V 
13V 
14V 
IO 
6 V 
7+4 
27+4 
25 V 
IT V 
19V 
74+4 
2oV 
49V 
34V 
1o+4 
V t 
35 3 a 
TOV 
15 V 
21V 
23+4 
2334 
1834 
22 V 
37 V 
43j 4 
17 
3 o 'e 
2 6 '* 
IT V 
73* 
12+4 
7 V 
24 V 
31 
13 V 
14>8 
19V 
17V 
14 
23+8 
81 
4o+4 
36V 
24 
28 
32 V 
24' ? 
I V 
38 V 
91V 
7+8 
167o 
61 'a 
17 V 
28 
IS3* 
37 V 
27V 
52V 
29' ? 
31 + 8 
23V 
31+4 
13 

13+8 
193* 
34 V 
45 
93a 
6 i v 
33 
3o"? 
4o+4 
13 
2 2V 
15 + 4 
15+8 
9 V 
28' ? 
19V 
17V 
12 V 
62"? 
14' a 

12+4 
26 V 
6 
61 
55 V 
33 
2 3 '* 
13V 
22"* 
38"? 
2oJa 
34 V 
78 V 
55 
72+4 
8+4 
1 9'* 
9 V 
5 3 '* 
8"» 
317 o 
36+« 
29 
16"* 
16' ? 
1o3 
28+* 
634 
735 * 
37 V 
38 V 

23§’v 
89 
86 V 
39 V 
712 t i ’ ? 
1o3 8 
IT V 
11V 
16V 
28V 
9 V 
14 V 
9+8 
34V 
2o V 
2o V 
33V 
23 V 
13 
3 3 V 
373* 
31V 
3oV 
71V 
15 V 
18 V 
14+4 
32+8 
79 V 
32+4 
25+8 
77+8 
23"* 
2oV 
15V 
I V 
2+* 
1o V 
2o V 
167* 
18+e 
3+» 
74V 
87 
4o "4 
13"? 
J '* 
3o7* 
2o+4 
25 V 
25 
14 7 ■ 
58"? 
7 V 
3+4 
38 
21V 
23 
64 V 
25 V 

Soles 
(hds.j High Lew 
64 IO 
256 
T IV l l ’* 
Lew l l ' * D ic ta c h n t o v D 'e b o 'd 
5o 14 
3o7 
I t ’/* 
36+a D ig ifa iE g 
17 
54®9 
39+4 
8 V D iM ingm 
.52 5 
3o4 
IO’* 
25 
D illn g m p f 2 
. 
4 
263* 
JO 
D illo n 
1.o8b l l 
67 
32 
33' ? D isney 
.16 15 3123 
35"? 
I '* D iv rs fd ln 
IOO 
I V 
I V D iv r^ M tq 
119 
I V 
I! 
D rP e p p r 
56 13 1443 
17+4 
4 2V D o m e M 
8o 16 
193 
48+* 
2 V D o n l.u J 
V2e 7 
136 
3 V 
22 
D o n n e ily 
68 IO 
344 
2 3V 
15 
D o rO liv 
18e 5 
32 
16 
HJV D orsey 
4o 5 
3o l l 7/* 
34V D o ver CP 
9o l l 
245 
38 V 
35 V D ow Ch 
I l l 6586 
37+* 
293. D ow Jon 
1.16 14 
7o2 
32 
22+s D r avo 
I o5 11 
477 
3oV 
37V D resse r 
8o l l 2o54 
4 5V 
16+4 D rex Bd 
1 44 
53 
17"? 
7+* D re y fu s 
55e 
6 x 39 
7 V 
123 
OU Pont 
49 d u P n ! pf3.5o 
6?' / d uP n t pf4.5o 
19V D ukeP 
I 6o 
84 
D u ke p f 6 75 
99V D uke p f 8 7o 
93"? D u ke p f 8 2o 
9o 
D uke pf 7 8o 
29 
D uke p f 2.69 
26V D u n B rd 1 24 
19'/* D u q L tg 
23 
Duq pf 
2 
23"? D uq p f 2.o5 
24 
Duq p f 2 o7 
26 
D uq p f 2 31 
7 9V Duq p f 2.75 
84"? D uq pf 7,2o 
1o+4 D utch By 
.14 
9 V D y m o ln 
.44 
16"? EG8.G 
3+b E M IL I 

12 
5o 
.. 
I l l 
63"? 
8 2293 
2 1 '* 
3 
89 
762o 1o4 
737o 
9 7 '* 
76ooo 
57 
15 
596 
I 721o 
454 
791o 
7136o 
722oo 
.743oo 
7353o 
723o 
IO x37 
7 
126 
36 14 138o 
12e 
8 
97 
4o + 4 E S yst 
I 6ob 
7 
128 
19V E a g le P 
68 
8 
97 
17V E ascoC p .75 
7 
214 
7 
E a s t A ir 
4 
811 
24 
E ast GSF 
8o l l 146o 
167a E a s tU tl 
I 6o 
8 x67 
6o 
E asK d I 6oa 161o27o 
39'a E ato n 
2 
8 
38o 
22’ .. E c h tln 
6o 17 
2o7 
22+e E c k rd J k 
48 l l 
758 
55"? E d is B ro 2.2o 
8 
133 
12'a E d w rd s 
6oa 
3 
68 
14"* El Paso 
I. IO 
9 8437 
I 
Elec Asse 
97 
15V EDS 
.6o 14 
7 
3"? E IM e M q 
9 V E l M M p f Ik 
19"? E lg in N a t la 
8 
2o1 
5+8 E lix ir ln d 
5 
793 
2 7V E ltra C p t i* 
7 
61 
31’* E m e rE I 
I 16 2o47 
32+4 E m e ry 1.5o 18x341 
1o 
E m e ry ln 
44 
9 
139 
3 2V E m h a rt V8o 
7 
15 
E m p D E 136 IO 
5 V E m p D p f 5o 
IO 
E m p D Pf 92 
18V E m p G a s 
4o 
8 
3 1V E n g lM C 1.2o 
8 
5+4 E n n is B 
37 
5 
27V E nse rch I 8o 
9 n o 
E ns p f IO 32 
27 
E n te x 
1.2o 
31"? E n v rte c 
2oe IO 
2 5 '* E q u ifa x 
2a 
8 
11V E q u im r k .88 
7 
3 5V E q u ite s 2.64 
6 
22+4 E q u tL t 2 .l4e 11 
2 9V F s m a rk 1.76 
7 
8 ' i E s q u ire 
17 

93+s 
3oV 
28+e 
19V 
24 
25’* 
25 V 
26V 
3o 
88 l l ' * ll" ? 
2o 
33* 
4 6V 
19V 
19 
7"? 
27 V 
17"? 
63+8 
43V 
2 4V 
23+8 
57' 1 
13V 
17'* 
JV* 
16V 
4+e 
1oV 
24+* 
5+4. 
29 
33 "4 
36"? 
11V 
3 7 '* 
IS3* 
5 V 
1oV 
26’* 
32 V 
6 
3o"? 

1oV 
36V 
M i 
26 
31"? 
33 V 
I V 
I V 
1 1V 
47 
3 
7 7 V 
15 
11+* 
38 V 
35 V, 
3o + 4 
27 V 
42"? 
17 
7 V 

4 9 V 
6 2 '* 
6 3 '* .. 
TOV 
21 
8 7 V 
89 
+ 
1o2+* 1o4 
+ 
97V* 
97V 

H a t la s t C hg. 
1 U .+ 
' 8 l l 
— 
V 
38"? + 
I Vs 
1oV— 
V 
26 
— 
I . 
3 1V + 
+8 
35 
+ 
I V 
I V - 
V 
IV 
1 I V - 
I V 
48 V + 
I 
3 V 
23 
— 
' ? 
16 
+ 
'/? 
11V — 
' * 
3 8 '/? - 
V 
3 7V — 
’ ? 
3 1 V + 
+. 
3o 
- 
*8 
4 5 ".+ 
1 V 
17 
— 
V 
7 V + 
V 
125 V - 
? v 
49+* + 
Vt 

418 
49 
733o 
7 IOO 
I 
356 
1466 
1 
34 
5o7 
71o7o 115 
8 
564 
32+ 
37o 
29 
39 
24 
125 
831 
224 
6j 4 E s te rlin e 
36 
4oV E th y l 
16o 
52 
E th y l pf? 4o 
11 + 8 E v a n s P d 
6o 
14' 8 E van s p f I 4o 
25 
E xC e lO I 25 
8 
19V E x c ! sr 
1.73e 
4 9V E x x o n 
3 
9 
24 
F M C 
I l l 
35 
F M C pf2.25 
. 
7 V F a b rg e 
4o 
7 
6 '* F a b riC tr 
2o 
5 
53* F a c e tE n t l l 
78 
F a irC a m .8o 13 1181 
9 V F a ir Ind 
.3o 
9 
255 
IO'? F a irm tF .68 
8 
12V F a irm tp f 
I 
8 V F rW s tF n 
6 
4V? F a r a b M f 
5"? F e d d e rs 
38 
24 
F e d rlC o 
16o 
21V F d M o g 
1.4o 
1 5'* Fed N M I 
I 
16V Pea Pa Bd .9o 
21 
F P a p p f l 2o 
13V FdS ignf 
.8o 12 
911 
377 a Fed DSI I 46 l l 1878 

37+• 
27 
12' e 
35+* 
25+* 
3o+S 
1o34 
7"? 
413/. 
54 
8x1144 139* 
254 
IS 
161 
67 
5167 
8oo 
45 
198 
23o 
278 

65 
I 
158 
187 
273 
7 x45 
5 
97 
6 4o72 
6 
82 
16 

3o+e F e rro 
I 25 
8+* F ib r e b r d 
6 
F id F in 
.3o 
32+» F id e l Un 2 4o 
19 
F ie ld e rs ! la 
9 V F iltr o l 
16+4 F in S an B .48 
17 
F in lF e d 
.5o 
18+4 F ire s tn 
13"? F s tC h a r 
,15r 
18V F s tC h ic 
96 
7 
31V F tB n T e x 
I 
9 
37V F s tln Bn 1.2o IO l l 7* FstM iSS 
.36 
IO 
26'» F s tN B o 1.88 
8 
233* F t NSI Bn 
2 
8 
IS"? F stP a 
1.32 
IO 
I +/4 F tP a M tg 
11V F s tU n R I 
I 
14 
6 'a F s tV a B k .45 
8 
21 
FW isC p 
1.76 
273'4 F is c h M 
1.2o 
1o+8 FIS hFds 
6o 
5 
11+* F is h rS c i 
28 
6 
Io+* F le e fE n t .4o 
9 
16V F le m in g 
8o 
8 
1o+ 4 F le x iv a n 
2o 12 
18'8 F iln tk o t 1.16 16 
63 
F lin t p f 4,5o 
3o 
F lin t p f2 25 
23'4 F ta E C st 
2o 
F la G a s 
12o 
21' ? F la P w L I 56 
28V F la P o w 2.28 

48 
142 
149 
21 
1o4 
142 
128 
399 
1.1o l l 2279 

27 
2oV 
52 
2 6V 
37 
8 
6+4 
6+4 
3oV 
1oV 
11V 
1 3'* 
9"? 
5 V 
6 
2 7 V 
2 2V 
16 + 8 
19 V 
2 3V 
2o"? 
39"? 
3 3 '* 
9 
7 V 
33+8 
2o+8 
14V 
2 oV 
22"? 
19V 
7x1848 17+e 
643 
387 
614 
915 
265 
6o 
4o8 
68 
65 
222 
8x28s 
’ 
35 
I 
93 
I 
17V 
’ 1271 
I 
186 
822 
43o 
7193o 
96 
19 
33 
8 
317 
8 2183 
9 
562 

19+8 
33 
4o7* 
12+i 
27+/4 
24' ? 
I67* 
2 
12 V iv ? 
23 
28V 
1oV 
12V 
11+* 
16 V 
13 V 
19"* 
76 
38 V 
35 V 
23+8 
2 5 '* 
3 1V 

93 
3 o '* 
27V? 
1 9'* 
23 
2 5 '* 
2 5 '* 
2 6 '* 
2 9V 
8 7 V 
1o+4 
1oV 
1 8 '* 
3 V 
44 V 
19'* 
17 V 
7 "4 
25+* 
167* 
6o 
4 2V 
23 
22+* 
55"? 
13 
15 V 
2 
15V 
4Vt 
1o Vt 
2 2 V 
5 V 
2 7 V 
32 
35’* 
11 
35 V 
15"? 
5 V 
IO7* 
24 
31"? 
5+4 
7 9 V 
114 
31 
3 6 '* 
2 6 V l l 7* 
35"? 
24 + 4 
29"? 
9 + 4 
7 
4 o '* 
52 
12V 
14+4 
2 6V 
19V 
5o V 
25"? 
3 6 '* 
7 V a v 
6+» 
28 
9 V 
1o"? 
1 3'* 
9 V 
4 V 
S+/4 
26’* 
2 2 '* 
15+4 
18"? 
22 + 4 
16+* 
3 7 V 
32+4 a v 
6 V 
3 2 V 
19V 
13+4 
19+4 
2 1V 
18+4 
1 6 '* 
18+4 
3 1 V 
4o "4 l l 7* 
2 6 V 
23+4 
1 6'* 
I V 
11V 
6 V 
22"? 
28 
1 oV 
11V 
1o+* 
16+* 
12V 
18 V 
74 
37' 4 
34 
2 2 V 
2 3V 
3 1 V 

93 V + 
3o'/?— 
28 
- 
193/4+ 
23 
- 
2 5 '* + 
25 V 4- 
26">— 
3o 
+ 
87 V - 
1 1'* + 
1 1 V + 
19V — 
3+4 f 
4 5V f 
19 V - s , 
1 8 V - 
V 
IVA— 
' • 
76 
— 
'* 
1 7 V + 
'* 
6 2 V - 
I V 
427* + 
1 8 
23 V + 
'? 
23 
- 
V 
55"?— a v 
1 3 '* - 
+* 
16V F I V 
2 
........... 
15+4- 
I 
4 '* — 
"4 
1o+8— 
V* 
22 V — I V 
5 + *- 
>* 
27 V - 
I"? 
3 2 V — 
'* 
35 V — I l l ' * — 
"? 
37 
+ 
'* 
1 5 V 
" • 
5 V + 
'* 
1o V ......... 
2 5 + *- 
V 
3 2 + * - 
'/? 
5 V ......... 
3o V t 
Vt 
114 
+ J V 
32+4+ 
V 
36'?— 
"» 
267* — 
V 
12 
35 V 
>* 
2 4 V — 
'4 
3o+4 f 
’* t o v — 
"J 
7 V ........... 
4 1 V 4 
'* 
53+4+ 
+t 
1 3'* f 
'* 
14 V - 
' • 
2 6 + 4 - 
"? 
2o 
5 1 V 
"4 
2 5 "? - 
'* 
36+4— 
'4 
7 + 4 - 
"4 
6+4 L 
6+4 + 
7 9 V + 
9 V f 
11 
— 
1 3'* + 
9 '* — 
5 
+ 
6 
+ 
2 6 '* — 
22 V + 
1 6 '* + l a v ­ as 
- 1 
2o 
+ 3 
3 9 '* + 
33 
+ 
9 
. . . . 
7 '..+ 
33 
- 
2 o V - 
1 4 '*— 
2 o V - 
22+s- 
19 
- 
1 7 V + 
18+* 
31+*— I 
4 o '*— 
1 2 '* - 
2 7 '* + 
24 
- 
1 6V . . . 
I V . . . 

K '.*— +4 FlaSM 
1.2o 
22 
94 
2o+4 

6+8 ‘ 
Vt 
2 2'?— 
' b 
7 8'? + 
'/? 
1o+4 
V 
12V — 
Vt 
1 1 V ........... 
16"?........... 
13 
+ 
+* 
19V* + 
Vt 
76 
- 
V? 
38 
- 
'* 
34 
— 1+* 
23+4 4 
"? 
2 4 V 4- 
Va 
31+4 + 
'* 
18+4 
1 9 '*— 

33'4 F lu o r Cd 
8o 
F lu o rp f 
5+8 F d P a ir 
14'4 FooteC B 
5 2 V F o rd M 
15 
F o rM c K 
25+4 F M K p f 18o 
14+ a F t D ear 
I 24 
3 2 V F tH o w P 
19"? F o s W h 

9 1572 
38V 
9o 
6+4 
16 
8 
167 
8 
47 
5X4844 55+4 
6 
662 
16 
46 
2 6 '* 
94 
15+s 
.72 l l 
25o 
34 
IO 122o 
27' 
4 2V 
F o xb o ro 1.2o 
9 461 
16+4 
F rn k ln M 74 
6 21o4 
25'a 
F re e p M I 6o 
IO 3o3 
16V 
F rlg trn lOe 35 165o 
27V F ru e n f 
8 V F uqua 
.36 
6 

G - 
6o IO 
1.2o 
1.8o 13 

51"? 
18V 
76"? 
2 2 V 
28 V 
9 + 8 

35’ ? 
86 "« 
6"? 
15+* 
54+e 
15 
25’* 
14V 
3 2 V 
2 3 V 
4 9V 
16+* 
2 5 V 
2oV 
2 7 V 
8 V 

3 7 '* + I 
9o 
. 
.. a v ­ is ’/* - 
55’ ? + 
16 
+ 
26V + 
15'/4 + 
3 3 V - 
2 7 '* + 
51 
+ 
17 
— I 
76 V + 
2 2 '* + 
2 8 V + 
9 V - 

- I I — I 

18 

 l l 
G A F Cd 
16V G A F p f 
28+4 G A T X 
39 
G A T X p f2 5o 
7 'a G CACp 
o5e 
5 '4 G F B ush 
32 
47a G a W e ln d 
22V G am S k 
14o 
8 
24 
G a m s p f l 75 .. 
3 2V G an n ett 
I 15 
9 
G a p S trs 
2oe 
7 
17V G a rd D e n 
76 19 
137* G a rfin k 1o4 
7 
13V G asSvc 
1.2o 
7 
6+4 G a te w y 
15e 
4 
22 
G e a rh rt 
28 l l 
17+4 G em Ca 
12o 
14+4 G em In 1.2oa 
9 V G A In v I 22e 
52+4 G n A m O 
1b 15 ll '4 G en Ba 
8o 
7 
21 
12 
1o+8 G nC ab le .72 IO 162o 
21+4 G C in m a 
68 
8 
85 
4+e G e n D e v l 
5 
151 
49 
G e n D y n 
6 
9o3 
477* G enE I 
1 8o 1313914 
29 
G nF o o d 1.64 
9 2481 
21+b Q nG th I 38e 2o 
9o l l 
Gen Host 
BO 
1o8 
18 ’ n Gen In s t 
36t 
1ox622 
36 
G n ln s tr p f3 
21 
IT V Gen M ed 
.3o 
9 
112 
26+4 G e n M ills 
88 12 1196 
6 6V G nM ot 5 8oe 
7 646o 
51V G M o t p f 3.75 
11 
69"4 G M ot p f 
5 
.. 
29 
6 V Gen P o rt 
363 2o5 
18 
G PU 
1.68 
6 1o58 
T V G n R e fr lOe 47 
147 
‘ 
' - 
- 
328 

523 
11V l l ' * 
11V 
84 
17V 
16+. 
17"? + 
V 
49o 
31 "8 
3o+* 
3 o V — i* 
5 
41 
4o V 
41 
+ 
Vt 
74 
8 V 
V t 
7V~ 
V 
1o5 
5 V 
5+8 
5 V - 
V 
73 
5 V 
5 VS 
5"?. ■ 
187 
31 
283* 
29 V 
4 
27 
27 
27 
- 
*8 
88o 
3 3 V 
3 2 V 
33+8- 
V 
13o 
IO 
9+8 
9 V + 
V 
749 
2o"? 
19V 
1 9 V — 
'/? 
95 
15V 
14+A 
147'*— 
V 
63 
14 V 
14 
14 V . 
136 
9 
I V 
8 V 
'/• 
192 
27 
26 
26' S ~ 
V 
44 
1oV 
18"? 
18V 
3 
15V 
1 5 '* 
IS'/? + 
"Va 
171 
1o+8 
IO 
1o+8 
284 
5 6V 
54+. 
56 
+ 
"Vt 

4 9V G nS iqnl I 36 13 
5 V G e n S te e l 
28’ / G T e lE i 
2 
32+4 G T IE i p f2 SO 
27+4 G T IE I p l2 48 
14"/ G T F I pf I 25 
15V G T F I p f 1.3o 
97+4 G T F I pf 8 16 
2 5V G T ire 
I 2ob 
4' ? Geneseo 
2) 
G e n s ta r 1.4o 

6 
53 
8 3444 
24 
79 
732o 
.. 725o 
74ooo IOO 
6 162o 
28 
24 
399 
5 
I 

1 1 V 
12+4 
2 3V 
S '* 
5 2 '* 
5 3V 
3 1V 
23"? 
11V 
19V 
3 6 V 
19 
28 
68+* 
52+* 
7o+* 
7"? 
19 
8 + 4 
53+8 
6 V 
3o'? 
3 4 V 
2 8V 
15+4 
15+* 

29' 7 G en u P ts 
9o 14 
567 
IT I 
Ga Pac 
8ob 
26+4 G aP w p f 2.52 
28' / G a P w pf 2 75 
85 
G a P w pf7 8o 
82' / G a P w pf7.72 
24+a G e rb e r 
I 3o| 

14 4135 
28 
68 
7417o 
.. 745o 
12 3165 

6+8 
22+s 
3 oV 
33 
7 7V 
797/| as 
85 
38V 

1 1 V - 
11"? 
2 2V 
4 V 
5o "« 
51 
31+* 
2 2 '* 
I t V 
16+8 
34 V 
17’/? 
26+* 
6 i'4 
52 
7o 
7 V 
18’ ? 
8 
52’* 
6 
293 « 
341* 
28J* 
15 
15+* 
99 
27 
6 
2 1 V 
29"? 
31 
27 V 
2 9 '* 
85’* 
83 V 
35 V 
179V G e ttv O 2 7oe 12 
559 183+* U V V 18o 

1 2V + 
23 
- 
5 
52 k 
53 V + 
3 1V 
2 2 + * - 
1 1+ *- 
1 9V f 
36 V 
IT V 
2 7V + 
68+ a f 
52 V . 
7o' * 
T V - 
1 8 + 4 - 
8"?— 
5 3 '* + 
6 
3o’ B 
3 4 'V - 
2 8 + *- 
15 
- 
15+4 
IOO 
27' 7+ 
6+8 + 
22 V + 
3o’/? 
3 1 V 
2 7V 
2 9 '* 
8 6 '* 
83 
37 

 i v 

 l l •/ 

'1+8 
' I 
I 
I 
17V Get i d p f l 2o .. 
33 
18+/, 
8 V G 'a n tP C 
.6o 35 
85 
87a 
8+* G ib r F ln .lO r 
5 
865 
11V a v G id d L e w .4o 12 
35u 
111* 
13V G iffd H ill 
.8o 
6 
51 
14 
2 5V G ille tte 
I 5o 
11x22o4 
28V 
6 'a G in o s ln c 
7 
3oo 
7"a 
IO' ? G leasW ,29e IO 
154 
13V 
7 
G IO b M a r 
. 1 5 8 
8 
24V G lobe Un 1.2o 6 
132 
32+4 
16V G ld W F n . !2e 
4 
483 
193* 
17'e G oldW p f 78 
171 
2o 
25V G oodrh 
I 12 18 132o 
29 V 
18V G oo d yr 
LIO 1o 5368 
IV V 
11 + 8 G o rJ w lA 
4o 
5 
66 
13 
27V G ould 
1.12 
IO 228o 
32+* 
27+* G ould p f L 35 
146 
32V 
28 
G race 
I 8o 
9 2142 
3o' e 
26"? G ra in q e r .56 14 
5o4 
29 
16 
G ra n d Un 
I 
7 
48 
2 oV 
13+s G re n itv l 
9o 
5 
174 
14V 
16 4 G re y D rg 
8o 
5 
73 
16+a 
1o'» GI A ll Pac 
17 
821 
11 + 8 
227a G IL k D L2oa 
7 
48 
3o+4 
19+4 G tN o lr 1.5oe 19 
25 
25+* 
27V G tN o N k 1.1o 
8 
273 
31 
2oV G IW 11F in 
7o 
6x1267 23V 
1 9V G tW s tU ld 
18’ ? G tW n p f l 88 
18V G rG ia n f 1.o8 17 
14 
G re yh 
1 o4a 
8 
I"? G re y h n d w t 
I 
G ro lie r 
8' / G ro w C 
32b 
7 
16V G ru m m 
I 
6 
14+8 G ua rd In 
.3o 
7 
12+* G u lfW s tn 
66 
3 
"7 G lfW ln d w f 
. 
72 
G lfW p f5 75 
63 
G lfW pf3.87 
33V G lfW p f2 5o 
1o+4 G lfL fH ld .6o 13 
I V G u lf M fg 
27 V G ulf OM 
1.8o 
7 
16+* G ulfR eS 
I 
9 
2oV G ulfR p fl 3o 
2o+4 GUHR p f I 6o 
IT V G lf S t u f 1.12 
B 
54 
G lfS U p f4 * o 
6".’ G uito n 
o5e l l 
3 '* H M W 
I 
35 
H ackW 
17 
H a llF B 
19V H a liP rl 
54' 
H dM ibrt 

3 
8 
.76 IO 
8oa 
6 

32 
15 
111 
872 
227 
229 
91 
1417 
5o 
2452 
2288 
13 
24 
66 
591 
44 
3996 
5o1 
14 
14/ 
879 
71oo 
259 
55 
12 
119 
16 
I 12 1439 
2 o '4 H a m riP I 3o 
9 
371 

22 
19 V 
19 V 
14 V 
I V 
I ' * 
9 Vt 
2o V 
16+* 
13 V 
+4 
73 
65"? 
34+» 
13 V 
2+8 
28 V 
18V 
24 

 f f i 
54 
7' * 
3’ * 
38 
1 8'* 
2o 
6 o '* 
24+* 

 ie 
8 V 
1o+4 
1o+1 
13V 
26+1 
6 V 
12+» 
T V 
3 1V ie 1 7 
18V 
M V 
18’ 7 
12+* 
313* 
3 1V 
2 8V 
28 
JO31 
13V 
16"* 
1oV 
29 V 
25V 
3 o '* 
22'8 
21 
19V 
19V 
14 
I V 
I V 
8+1 
19 
16V 
13 V 
"? 
73 
65"? 
3 3 '* 
12V 
2 V 
28 
1734 
22 V 
733? 
12V 
54 
6 V 
3 V 
37+8 
18 
19V 
58 V 
27 V 

I V 

I 

18 
8+4 . 
I t ' * — 
11+. 
14 
2 8V f 
7 V -f 
13+* k 
8 
+ 
V 
3 2 V k 
+e 
1 8 V - 
Vt 
1 i v — n e 
29 
+ 
+8 
19'/?— 
+8 
13 
4 
V 
32+* f 
V 
3 2 '* 
... 
3 oV L 1V a v — 
' 1 
2o"?........... 
1 4'* +■ 
"4 
16"?......... 
IO7* - 
V 
2 9 V . . . . 
Jo Va— 
V 
3o+*— 
V 
22 V — 
V 
21 
— I V 
19V — 
V 
19V — 
+8 
14 V ........... 
I V 
I ' * 4 
'/* 
9 ". 4 
+8 
1 9 "? ~ 
V 
16+»- 
'/» 
13V k 
'* ta. 
... 
73 
— 
V 
6 5 '? 4 
V? 
34 V 4 
+* 
13"? 4 
+8 
2 V ......... 
28+4 f 
>* 
18+4 4 
+8 
24 
— 
3 . 
2 3 + s - 
"4 
13V — 
'* 
54 
......... 
67* — 
V 
3 V ......... 
37+* 
' t 
18'4 f 
'* 
19 V - 
V 
6o' B f 
7 8 
24 V 4 
' • 

STRICTLY BUSINESS 
M eeters 

'Y ou r paycheck is at the bottom o f that paperwork. Argyle. 
W ork your way down to it I" 

Yearly 
High Law 

18 V 
16V I 
23V 
6 
23 V 
V54' 1 
34 7* 
IO 
35 V 
23V 
16+* 
39 V 
38+* 
26"? 
14’ ? 

18"? 
25 V 
19 

V t 
15+8 
W ? 
34 
31V 
6+e 
7 
7 
8 
37 
2’ 4 
28' 7 
22+b 
12 
19V 
42V 
87"? 
8 '* 
23+4 
23 V 
25*8 
8"? 
13 + « 
24 V 
32 V 
4 3V 
25 V 
52 
24+s 
2"? 
21 
28’ ? 
11 + 8 
18 + b 
3o V 
18+« 
9 * 8 
2 1V 
47 V 
38 V 
36' e 
35+4 
12V 
17+e 
19 V 
1o + 4 
8 V 
47V 
18V 
16 
17*4 
143* 
26 V 
45’ 8 
42 
115 
6 Vt 
47+* 
2oV 
13'* 
36 V 
TO3* 
31’* 
233* 
99 
B V 
77V 
27 
3o 
57 V 
49'4 
56 
78 
1734 
34 
7 Vt t o v 
81 
89 
99 
123 
29 
25 
18+s 
22V 
78 
SOV 
31 >4 
52 V 
2 3 V 
16+« 
19"? 
3o V 
I V 
IO 7 
46 
9 V 
39 

4+4 H a n d lm n 
2o 
19V H d nd yH a 
8o 
22’ ? Hanes 
1.36 
47V H anna 
18o 
31"? H a rB r J 1.44 
8 
H ardees 
.16 
2 3 '* H a rm a n 
5ob 
16+s H a rn is h f 
8o 
I3+* H a rra h 
4o 
33+* H a rrB k 1.5o 
28 
H a rris 
.8o 
2 4 's H a rsco I 4ob 
11V H a rtS M x 
.72 
25+* H a rte H k .75 
17 
H a ft Se I 44a 
2 3 '* H a w ilE I 188 
16 
H a y e s A lb 1b 
8"? Hazel th lOe 
8 
H ecks l l " * H e c la M 
15V H e ilm B 
28 
H e in zH 
28 V H einz p f 1.7o 
4+4 HeleneC 
7 8 
I 
7 
V 
H 
3 3 5 
1 8 
V 

12 
.3o1 
.64 
12o 

1+4 H em Cap 
21V H e rc u le s 
I 
19 
H e rsh e y 112 
8 
H e s s to n 
16V H estn p f1 6 o 
22+* H e u b lih 1.32 
6 8V H e w ltP k ,4o 
6 
H g h V o lt o5e 
2o+* H ilte n b d 
82 
19V H M tonH tl 
92 
2 o 'e H o b a rt 
I 
6 
H o ffE le 
.24 
11V H o lid a y 
46 
2o+* H lid y A 1.7ot 
2 7 V H o 'ly S 
2 4o 
34V H o m e s tk 
I 
2 2'* H onda 
15r 
43"? H o n y w ll I 6o 
2o+* H o o vB B 1.12 
I Vt H orizon 
13"? Hosp A ff 
32b 
21+4 HOSpCpA 
4o 
9+* H o s tln tl 
,44 
15'* H o u d a il 
9oa 
26V H oudpt 
2 25 
163-8 H o u g M if 
84 
7 '* H o u s F a b 
32 
19+* H oushF 1.2o 
43 
HOUF p f2 37 
343* HOUF pf2.5o 
3o 
H o u s ln d 176 
27+b H ousN G 
7o 
9 '» H ow John .32 
1 5'* H u b b rd 
1.2o 
16 
H u dsn A 
.8o 
16V H udsnB 
8o 
6+4 H ugh H at 
4o 
34 
H ughs l l 
.5o 
14+s H u m a n a .5o 
11V H u nt Ch 
3? 
13 
H u tln E F .6o 
12s* H u y c k 
6o 
71's IC Ind s 
14o 
42V IC In d pf3.5o 
417s IC p fw i 
J 5o 
IOO 
IC In d pf 
6 
4 V IC N P b a 
4o’ * IN A C p 
2.3o 
18V IN A In 
1.59a 
11V I U In tl 
9o 
3 2V IU In t A 
18"? lU ln t pf I 25 
2 6V Ida h oP 
2 16 
19 V Ideal Ba I 2o 
86 
Ideal p !4 75 
7 V Idea Toy 
32b 
7 5V IllP o w r 2 2o p f2 o4 
2 4 '* ll Pow 
28 llP o w p f2 35 
4 8V ll P ow p f 4 12 
45 
HPow p f3 7 8 
52+* ll Pow p f 4 47 
21+4 IT W 
56 
15 
Im p lC p A 
24 
28 
ING O 
14oa 
6"? In c C a p 
9 '4 IncC C u 
88e 
77' ? In d iM p f 7 OB 
8 2 V In d iM p f7 7 6 
93" 7 In d iM p f8 68 
117 
In d iM p f 
12 
2 4 '* In d iG a s 2.12 
23 
In d p lP L 1,9o 
16 
In d lN a t L2o 
8 
94 l l 7* Ine xco O 
2o 1699 
65 
In g e rR 
2 8o 
14 
617 
45 
Ing R pf 2.35 
.. 
211 
25+e Inind C o n 
I IO 
161 
45 + 8 Inln d S II 2 6o l l 
212 
14V In m o n f .8o 8x1o28 2 1 V 
13V In s ilc o 
88 
8 
513 
16+* 
17+* in s il p f A l 25 
71 
24+4 In s p C o p 
26 
72 
I ' * In s tln y T r 
37 
8+4 tntegon 
36 
6 
IID 
36+4 In te rc o 
I 8o 
8 
253 
5+* In te rc tD iv 
I 
7o 
33+4 in te rla k 2 2o 
5 
119 
286V 256V IB M 
IO 16 5468 262 
22V 
18'* In tF la v F 
44 18 15o8 
19V 
2 9 V In tH a rv I 85 
6 3468 
3 7V In tM in C 2 4o 
7 
621 
13V In tM n g 
4o 
8 
287 
16+* In tM u lti 
85 
7 
63 
3 1 V In tP a p e r 
2 l l 1522 
5 Vt In t Reef if 
2o 
36 
3 1 '* In fT T 
I 76 
9 4293 
9 7V In fT T p fE 4 
59 
In fT T p fH 4 
55’ ? In fT T p f J 
4 
53"? In fT T p f K 4 
6 1V In tT T p fO 5 
38 
In tT T pf2 25 
5 9 '* In tT T pf4.5o 
28+* In trp c e 
165 
75"? In lrp c e p f 
5 
28'? In trp G p 16o 
7 
16+b In trs P w I 45 
9 
24' ? In P w p f 2 28 
5 
In trs t Un 
24 22 

S alat 
M el 
(b d s.) 
H ig h la w lo t i C hg. 

416 
17V 
17 
1 7 '? + 
V 
86 
22 
T IV 
2 1 + 8 - 
+8 
12 
249 
5 V 
5+8 
5 V + 
V 
8 
SO 
2 2 V 
22’ * 
22 V — 
V 
6 
38o 
24 
2 3 V 
2 3 + *- 
V 
9 
416 
533* 
5o+. 
53"? + 
I 
8 
123 
33 
31"? 
33 
+ 
I 
6 
1o2 
8 Vt 
8 
I ' * . . 
9 
222 
3 3 V 
33’.* 
33 V + 
V 
9 
1278 
2 3V 
T IV 
22 V + 
Vt 
9 
1o2 
16V* 
15"? 
16'* + 
Vt 
7 
4o 
34"* 
SJV 
3 3 '/? - 
I 
13 
823 
37 
36 
36 V - 
V 
6 
96 
2 5 V 
2 5V 
25+* + 
"8 
7x239 
12V 
11V 
1 2V + 
V l l 
254 
28 
27 
28 
+ 
V 
12 
36 
17V 
17V 
1 7 V + 
V 
6 s 
2 4 '* 
24 
2 4 '* + 
'* 
5 
48 
17 
16V 
1 o V - 
+8 
5x165 
9 
8"? 
9 
+ 
Vt 
I 
21oo 
9+8 
8+8 
9 
+ 
V 
36o 
13"* 
12'S u v - 
V 
6 
721 
19V lev is 's — 
I 
9 
643 
2 9". 
28+. 
29"? + 
Vt 
24 
3o V 
2 9". 
3o 
4 
412 
5+? 
5 iv.. e 
I e r I n f 
> 
2 
K 
8 V 
V 
I 
I v + ' 
V 
14 
361 
36 Vt 
32 V 
36 
+ 
2 
14 
1+4 
I vt 
1+. iv 
13 1258 
7 2V 
2 i’s 
2 1 V - 
7 
285 
TOV 
19 
19 V — 
I " * 
3 
46 
8+x 
8 't 
* '* . . 
36 
16". 
1o'* 
16+. 
9 2474 
237 8 
22+. av. 
19 1533 
71 
68 "8 
69+8 iv 
18 
166 
V t 
7 V 
7 V 
VA 
9 x56 
2 1 V 
21 
2 1V + 
'/* 
9 
499 
2 3V 
22V 
23'/?. - l l 
63 
2 1V 
2oV 
21+* + 
+8 
7 
57 
B V av 
6 V + 
Va 
8 1662 l l 7. ii" ? 
11+8- 
'8 
35 
2 1 V 
2o+. 
2 V * . ■ 
8 
1o8 
28"? 
27 V 
27 V - 
+8 
21 
621 
4o"? 
3 8V 
4o V + 
V 
21 
117 
24 
2 3V 
2 3 V ~ 
V 
9 259o 
5 oV 
4 8V 
5o’* + 
Vt 
6 
58 
22'a 
T IV 
2 1 + *- 
"8 
5o 
I V 
I V 
I V — 
Vt 
8 
22o 
1 9V 
18V 
19'/?— 
V 
8 
674 
233. 
22 
2 3 V — 
V 
6 
18o tov 
9 V 
IO '8 + 
'* 
6 
164 
16V 
15V 
14'/?+ 
V 
2 
77 
26+* 
2 6+ 4- 
"A 
8 
19 
17"* 
17 V 
17V — 
'8 
7x223 
7 V 
I Vt 
7 + 8 - 
V 
7 2293 
2oV 
19V 
2o V 
25 
45 
4 4V 
44+* + 
VA 
43 
35 V 
& 
35 
7 1967 
3 1 V 
3o 
3o’/ ? - 
’ +. 
9 1858 
79 V 
2 7 V 
28+. 
7 1583 
9 V 
» V 
9 V + 
V 
13 
1o2 
17 
16V 
17 
+ 
Vt 
61 
35 
17"? 
14 
17 V + 
Vt 
61 
3 
17". 
16+. 
17V + 
V 
6 
123 
8’ * 
7+* 
7 V 
13 1824 
38’* 
34 V 
37+.+ iv 
I 
558 
16V 
14+8 
16V — 
+* 
4 14x519 
IS"? 
13 V 
15'* + 
I V 
5 
331 
14 V 
14 
14 V + 
Vt 
11 
443 
13"? 
13 
1 3 V - 
Vt 
6 
8o4 
25 "a 
24 
25 
- 
VA 
155 
43 V 
4 2V 
43 V 
Vt 
7 
42 
4 1V 
42 
4 11o 
1o8 
11o 
- 
5 
45 
186 
5 
4 V 
5 
IO 
577 
4 3 V 
42+* 
4 3 V + iv 
66 
19"? 
18V 
19 
— 
'A 
8 1165 
12V 
12 
1 2 V + 
V 
3 
34 
34 
34 
— 
V 
2 
19V 
19V 
19 V . 
9 
398 
2 6V 
26V 
2oV 
9 
188 
2 2V 
22 
22 V + 
VA 
7 
96 
94 
96 
+ 
V 
5 
253 
8 
7"? 
7 V + 
V 
11 
411 
26V 
25V 
2 5 V — 
V 
711o 
24"? 
2 4 '* 
2 4 '*— 
V 
711o 
28"? 
M V 
28 V + 
Va 
751oo 
SOV 
5o 
5o 
. 
72oo 
47"? 
44+. 
46V + 
V 
74ooo 
54 
54 
54 
- 
I 
13 
1o9 
24V 
23’ * 
2 4 '* + 
I 
5 
471 
16"? 
16 
16 V - 
V 
1ox19o9 29+* 
28"? 
28+8— 
Vt 
14 
6 7 8 
6 V 
6+A— 
V 
32 
IO ". 
IO '* 
IO '* .. 
717oo sov 
78 
7 9 '* + 
'BA 
. .75o8o 
8 8 V 
86 V 
88 V + 
2 V 
712oo 
97 V 
96 
9 7 '* + 
I ' * 
, 
719o 
12o 
118"? 
12o 
+ 
IVA 
6 
13o 
2 5 V 
24"? 
25 V + 
Vt 
8 
313 
25 
24>* 
25 
+ 
'/? 
18V 
17V 
18'/* f 
V4 
2 1 '* 
19V 
2 oV f I 
74"? 
7 2 'i 
74’* + 
48 + 4 
3o"? 
46 V 
4 5 V 
46V 

4 6V 
48 
F 
29 V 
3o' a + 

21 
2 1 V + I 

377* 
4 4 '* 
2oV 
2o V 
69V 
6 V 
34V 
1o3'* 
63+* 
59 V 
58V 
65V 
41V 
63 
32 
83V 
34V 
18 
27V 
6+4 
26V 
IT V 
23 V 
78 
25 V 
22V 
6+4 
IB 
157* 

18’* 
25"? 
1+8 
9"? 
41+* 
8"? 
35 

37 V 
4 1 '* 
18V 
17+i 
58+* 
5 V 
3 3 V 

19 + 4 Iow a Bf 
5o 
15+* Iow a E l 
I 4o 
2oV Iow a I IG 
184 
2 6V lo w ll I p f 2 31 
24 V lo w a P L 2 IO 
2o+e Iow a PS 1.8o IO 
4"? Ip co H sp .o5e 
14 
Ite k C p 
12"? Ite lC p 

72oo 
1o3 
29 
62 
29 
58 
127o 
SB"? 
44 
6 2 V 
71o 
.o "x 
67 
61 
' 
1o1 
29V 
19 
77 
' 
86 
3 3V 
' 
9o 
17+8 
7535o 
25"? 
I 
163 
6>* 
1 
239 
23+* 
1 
119 
16+/. 
8 x99 
21+8 
79oo 
2 6 V 
I 
131 
2 5 V 
I 
1o4 
7 2 V 
I 
152 
4 V 
I 
241 
15’* i 
558 
13+8 

1 9'* 
IT V 
1o V 
3 2 '* 
46' ? 
1o3V 
91 
132 
115 
26"? 
4+* 
36 
78 V 
17 
13 + 4 
15 + 4 
58"? 
26 V 
22' j 
4 9 '4 
2+* 
4o' I 
39 V 
37V 
46 
66 V 
7 
4 

77 
73 V 
11V 
11V 
17 V 
37 V 
33V 
32 
1oV 
38 V 
17 V 
3o' ? 
58 
28V 
387* 
I2+-4 
22 
24' J 
21V 
28 V 
26+* 
9 V 
24 
8+4 
18+« 
2oV 
I U . 
14'a 
27 V 
15+e 
28+4 
3o V 
23+4 
16 + 4 
74V 
217 a 
3oV 
63’ 2 
S IV 
5o’ ? 
45 V 
13+8 
2oV 
38+8 
19 V 
36 V 
26+b 
55 
7 V 
47 V 
4 oV le v 
27 V 
25V 
17 V 
5+8 
1 3 V 
18 
54’ 7 
24' 8 
73 V 
14 V 
11V 
16 
41 
317 a 
28 V 
23 V 
18 "8 
1+4 
16 
13 
7+8 
74 
V t 
13V 
14+» 
3oV 
6 '* 
37+« 

3o 

J — K — L 
.8o 
IO 
268 
6 

15"? 
16’* + 
IT V 
1o’* + 
Vt i i 
2 5 "*— 
"? 
I V 
I ’* ........... 
9' * 
9 V — 
' a 
4 oV 
41+*+ 
V 
7 Vt 
8V— 
3 3 V 
3 4 '*— 
256' ? 258+* + 
1 8'* 
1 8 V - 
V 
35"? 
37+* + I V 
4o+* 
4 o V - 
V 
17+* 
18 
+ 
'* 
IT V 
17+*+ 
Vt 
5 6 V 
58 
+ 
Vt 
5 Vt 
5 V . 
32 V 
3 3 V + 
Vt 
1o1'* 1o3 
+ 1 V 
6 1 V 
62 
— 
+a 
57 
S i k 
'* 
553* 
5 6 '*— 
Vt 
6 1 V 
62 
- 
V 
3 9 V 
4o V > 
>* 
6o 
6o 
- 1 
29 
29'/*— 
V 
75"? 
75 V — I Vt 
32+* 
3 3 V - 
+» 
17 
1 7 V + 
V 
25 V 
25+a + 
"a 
6 
6V*. 
... 
2 3 '* 
2 3 V + 
"a 
16+8 
16+* + 
+8 
2os* 
2 1 V + 
V 
26V 
26+4+ 
V 
25 
2 5 V + 
"a 
2 1 V 
22 V + 
V 
4' j 
4+*— 
"a 
14V 
15'* k 
V 
12+* 
12 V 
- 
Vt 

Vt 

I 8o 
98cf 

1 9'* 
15+* 
8+* 
27 V 
44 

33 
345 
156 
75o 
7121o 1o3 
217o 
9o 
7127o 127'* 
717o 115 
19C 
2 3 V 
4 
3 5V 
64 V 
9 
411 a 
13'* 
56 
26"? 
2 1V 

Ja m e sF 
14 V Jaritzen 
8 
J a p a n F 
26+b J e ff P ilo t .8o IO 
43 
Je rC pf 
4 
9 8 V JerC p f 4 36 
83 
J e rC pf 7 88 
124"? JerC p f 13 5o 
1o9+* Je rC p f l l 
22V Jew el C 
I 3o 
3 '* J e w e lc o r 
8 
225 
27+b J h n M a n 1 4o 12 29o1 
6 2 '* Johns Jn 1 4o 17 2o53 
7 V J o h n s E F 
8o 
514 
26V JohnC n 
1.4o IO 
631 
12+* J o nL og n 
6ob 6 
18o 
53V J o n L a u p f 
5 r 12o 
193s J o rg e n 
I 
7 x77 
18 V J o a te rs 
8o IO 
256 
4o"? Joy M fg 
I 3o 12 1o48 
47?* 
I V J u s fic e M 
9 
I V 
34 
K L M A ir 
9 
12 
4o"? 
32’ ? 
K a is r Al 
I 4o 
14 1444 
38"? 
33 
K a is r Al w d . 
152o 
4 4V 
K a iA I p f2 37 
72o 
56 
Ka I Al p f4 12 
4 
6 6 + * 
K a 
! 
I 
7o"? 
K 7a ? V 
7o' ? L 
68 
K a l 59pf4.75 
66 
K a! 66pM 75 
9’* K aisC em 
5o 
9Vt K aisC em w d 
15V K alC o pf 137 
29 
K aiC e pf2 SO 
32"? K a is r St LSO 
31"? K a is r St w d 
8 V K a n e M II 
28 
27 V K arteb 
I 
17 
K aneb w i 
2 8V K C Iy P L 2 46 
55 
K C P L o14 .1o 
U U K C P L p f2 33 
2 7 '* K C S oln 
I 2o 12 
83 l l " . KC Sou p f I 
.7117o 
19V K an G E I 176 
7 
2o 
KanNO 
148 
8 
19V K a n P L t I 7o 
7 
27V KaPL p f2 37 
25+4 K a P L p f2 23 
6' ? 
K a lv ln d 
4 
18+e K a ty p it 46 
7 ‘ » 
K a u *B r dee 12 
17V k a u f p f I.SO 
15V 
K a w e c k i 
9 
9 'a 
Keene 
.3o 
8 

3 7 '* 
46 
63 
5 I 

72"? 
72 l l V 
11"? 
17"? 
31+* 
3 3V 
32 
9+ 8 
37+4 
IT 7* 
3o 
5 5V 
28 
37+* 
12V 
71 
23 V 
7 1V 
28 V 
26+8 
7 
19"? 
8 
18V 
2oV 
11V 
9 'a K e lle r 
2o 11x738 
1 4 V 
23V K ellog g LIO 15 
739 
26+a 
13V K e llw d 
97 
5 
125 
23' j K e n n m tl 
96 l l 
273 
257s K ennel 
6oc- 55 2785 

2 
4 
J 
474 
4o3 
27 
I 
22o 
454 
156 
758 
54 
89 
733o 
8 

227 
247 
626 
26 
16 
128 
24 
527 
8 
112 
229 

22 
K y U lil 
1 96 
8 
277 
12’ ? K e rrG Is 
4o 
5 
438 
59’ * K e rr M c 1 25 13 
843 
16-3a K e/stC o n la 
6 
61 
23V K id oe W I 2o 
6 
727 
52’ 4 K ldde pf2■ 2o 
. 
1 
47V K ld d e p fB 4 
I 
46j 4 K idde p fC 4 
14 
* o V K im b C I 2 2o 
8 
8o9 
T IV K ing DSI 
6o 
7 
3o2 
13+4 K irs c h 
9o 13 
99 
3 oV K n ig iR d 
.72 IO 
192 
14+s K o e n rin 
5oe 
7 
724 
32"? Koeh p(2 75 
2 
21V K op p ers 
9o l l 
61o 
52V K o p p rp f 
4 
72oo 
6+b K o ra c rp 
4 
71 
43+a K ra ft 
2 32 
9 
337 
V U K resgeS 
56 1316641 
13V K ro e h lr 
,25e (3 
9 
23’ e K ro g e r I 44 7x296 
2 5 U 
23 
K u b o ta 
42r 2o 
26 
23+s 
SO 
8 
54 
19 
96 
4 1336 

14 
28+4 
28+s 
23+4 
14 
66V 
18 
2 5V 
52+* 
48 V 
48 
44V 
17+8 
15V 
32 V 
17 V 
34V 
2 4 V 
53 V 
6 V 
46' 1 
29' J 
14’ * 

.351 

12V K yso r 
4"? L F E C p 
9+4 C T V C p 
14+* L T V A 
5o 
I TV C p pf 
5 
19+8 L acG a s 166 
7 
18+s Lam S es LIO 
8 
17 
L a n e B ry 
8o 
7 
9 
L a w trC h 
4o 14 
13V L e a rS ie g 
5o 
367* le e r s p f2 25 
27 
Lea sw 
I 2o 
22V le e d s N 
*ob 
17 
Leesona 
I 
15’ ? L eh p c t 
I 
I V L e h V a lly 
13+4 I . v in p f l SO 
1oV L eh m n 
1.25e 

13 
25 
36 
159 
265 
43o 
7 28o1 
117 

5’ s L e n n a r 
T IV L enox 
I 
6 le s F a y 
4ob 
1 1V L e v F d C 
13 
L e v F ln 
75a 
25 V L o v iS tra 
8o 
4' ? L e v iiz F 
31 
LO F 
. I 8oa 

61 
9 
78 
6 
1o7 
2 
3o3 
211 
2 x794 
9 
65 
9 
69 
7 
4o 
Tao 
32 
6 
793 
3 
8o6 
7 
367 

14+8 
4 V 
1 oV 
15 
5o+4 
2 o '* 
2 3 '* 
13V 
9+4 
16 
41 
29 
24"? 
2 2 *4 
18+* 
I V 
16 
1o+4 
7 '* 
22 V 
SU 
12+* 
14 
27V 
4+4 
3 3 V 

17V 
15"* 
8 
27 
44 
1o2"? 
8 7 '* 
124V 
113"? 
22+* 
3»* 
3 4". 
6 2 '* 
V t 
38+* 
12+* 
55 
25+* 
2o+* 
4 5 '* 
I V 
38 V 
34 
33V 
46 
6o V 
P < 

72 
7o l l " . 
II 
16V 
313* 
32"? 
31"? 
8 V 
3 3 '* 
17 
293* 
55V 
27"? 
35 V 
11+4 
2 o '* 
22"? 
2 oV 
27+* 
26 i v 
19V 
7+» 
18V 
19V 
1o+4 
13 
257* 
13V 
26 V 
27 
22V 
127* 
64' a 
16+i 
23V 
52+4 
48"? 
47V 
4 2V 
11+* 
147* 
3 oV 
15V 
34' a 
23+4 
5 2 ? i v 
45+8 
27 14 
14 
2 4 V 
23 V 
14 
4 V 
9 V 
14+* 
SOV 
2o 
22V 
!27* 
9 
14V 
38+* 
21 
2 3 '* 
2 1V 
17'* 
I+ * 
15 V 
1o+* 
6+* 
21+4 
6 
1 1 V 
13 V 
25 V 
4"? 
33 V 

19 k I "a 
1 5'* f 
"a 
I V ........... 
27 V + 
V 
44 
-k 
"? 
1o2V 
8 7 V - 
V 
124"?— J V 
113"?........... 
23V f 
+* 
3 V + 
Vt 
34+a- 
I V 
4 3 V - I V 
77/a— 
V 
4 1 V ........... 
13 
- 
V 
56 
- I 
2 5 V - 
"a 
2 1 V — 
V 
4 6 '* — I V 
I V 
... 
4 o "? + J V 
38 V + 2 V 
36+8+ 2+t 
46 
+ I 
63 
- 1 
4 . 7 5 

72"? + 
'? 
72 
+ 2 
IT V — 
Vt l l ' * — 
Vt 
1 7 '* + 
Vt 
3 1 + * - 
+8 
32 V ........... 
31"?........... 
• V — 
"? 
34+8— 3' ? 
IT V ........... 
29+4— 
Vt 
55"?— I 
28 
......... 
36 
- I ’* r n * - 
'? 
2o V + 
V 
23 
- 
Vt 
21 
+ 
V 
2 7 + * - 
V 
2 6V + 
' a 
6 V — 
'* 
19+8+- 
V 
7+4— 
"6 l f V + 
V 
19+4+ 
V 
1 1 V + 
+4 
14+*+- I V 
26 V + 
"* 
13'?— 
+8 
28+4+ 2 
28 
+ 
V 
23 V + I 
14 
+ 
Vt 
SS 
V vt 
17 
- 
Vt 
25+*— 
Vt 
52 V — J '* 
48"?+ 
'* 
48 
+ 
V 
44’* + 
Vt 
12 
........... 
15V + 
V 
3 1 + *- I 
1 7 '7 + I V 
34 V ........... 
24 
......... 
5 3 V ........... 
6 V ........... 
46 
+ 
V 
M V - 
' ? 
1 4 '* .. 
25 V - - 
2 3 * .......... 
1 4 V + 
V 
4 V ........... 
1^o+8 + 
V 

5o+4 + 
Va 
2 o " .......... 
2 3 '* + I V 
12 V — 
"a 
9 'a — 
"? 
15 V + I 
41 
+ I V 
29 
+ 
V 
2 3 " ? - I V 
2 1 V - 
+a 
H V + - 
+4 
I V 
15' ? - 
Va 
I O', j — 
1* 
6 V — vt 
22' a— 
V i v + v 
1 2 '* ......... 
13+4........... 
27 
+ 
V 
4 V + 
'/* 
33+4........... 

Vt 

Yoarty 
High 
Law 

19V 
3 V 
IO 

IS 
J ’ * 
4 V 
35 V 
31 
92’ a 
85 V 
8o 
73' 4 
4 8 '* 
373* 
36"? 
31V 
723. 
65 
1 9V 
18"* 
J a v 
1SV 
12V 
21 "4 
17V 
4 1V 
36 V 
2 1V 
2 oV l l 
9 
19"? 
16+4 
37"? 
J I '* 
11V 
I V 
16 V 
14 
23 V 
19+a 
1 9'* 
17 V 
937a 
89 
96 V 
91 
131'* 125V 
28 
26+* 
28 
26+a 
33"? 
237* 
17V 
13 V 
31’ * 
257e 
18'a 
14 V 
2 7 V 
24"? 
15 
11+a 
3 7 V 
27+4 
16' ? 
13’ / 
9'a 
34 
14 
35 + 4 
9 

13’ a 
42V 
I v 
2 1V 
9 7e 
«3a 
6 V 
1oV 
18"? 
37 
55 
13’ a 
IO’ * l l ’ 1 
41 + 4 
25"? 
9’ 4 
41 V 
47V 
16 
59 
2o 
13 V 
15 ’ e 
55+8 
14 
61 
23 
26' ? 
2o+8 
28 V 
26'« 
24 V 
14V 
22+* 
18 + 4 l l 7. 
26+4 
7 
37'a 
76 
3 V 
157 a 
18+a 
55V 
S33 a 
2 6 '* 
23 
33 
17 + 4 
29 
3 4 '. 
2o' a 
2 6'* 
18 V 
17' ? 
24 
61 
61 
3o+a 
77V 
24 + 8 
46 
68V 
TOV 
25 V 
39 V 
4o"? 
14 
29'# 
2 o '. 
32V 
44' ? 
93 V 
88+* 
9 5 V 
93 
9 4 V 
17"? 

1° 
26' a 

7+* 
25’ a 
9 + 4 
26 
6 V 

L ib rty C p 
57 
L ib r t y L n 
L ib r t y ln p f 
L 'g g lG p I 5o 
L tg g t p f 
7 
UM? 
L in c N e t L6o 
L in c N fp f 
3 
L in e Pl 1.72« 
L ion e l 
L itto n In l i t 
L lffp fc p f 
L itto n pf 
3 
L itto n p f 
J 
L o c k h d 
L o c tite 
16 
Loew s 
I 2o 
L om a P in .5o 
L o m M 
.91e 
L o n S ta r LIO 
L n g ls L t L63 
L I I p f J8 12 
H L p fK 8 3o 
L IL p fN 
13 
L I I p fP 2 * 3 
L U p fO 2 47 
L o n g D r 
48 
L o ra ICp 
4o 
L a L a n d 12o 
L e P a c lf .2ob 
LOulsGS I 92 
L ow enst 
6o 
L u b riz o l L3o 
L u c k y S .68b 
L u d lo w 
4o 
L u ke n S t 1.6o 
L y k e s 
4o 
L ykes pf2.5o 
LynC S ys 
3o 

S ale* 
(bdl.; High Low 

6 
67 
1 9'* 
18+a 
138 
3 V 
3"? 
54 
IO 
9"? 
9 
279 
32+e 
31 
Z41o 
97 
9 1 V 
2 
73V 
7 3V 
13 2524 
3 9 '* 
37+. 
9 
356 
J534 
34"? 
TO" 
_ 
*9 "? 
25 
19V 
1o + 4 
6 
26o 
2"? 
I V 
12 
9oo 
1 4V l l 1* 
IO 
19V 
18V 
41 
22 
21 
J 
578 
9 V 

41 
2o V 
9 

9 V 
14V 
TOV 

_ 
9o 
177» 
16+x 
6 
687 
33 
31' 
9 
341 
1oV 
319 
Id 
9 
422 
22 
__ . 
7 
644 
187 a l l ' * 
751o 
92 
9o 
IBIO 
9 3 V 
9 2V 
.7 1 6 2 o 128"* 127 V 
23 
2 7V 
27 
6o 
27+* 
2 6V 
15 
258 
24+* 
2 3V 
7 
325 
16 
IS 
1o 2o58 
2 7V 
2 5V 
9 
962 
IS3* 
15V 
9 
223 
253* 
25 
6 
63 
13V 
13V 
12 1oo1 
31 
28 
12 3936 
143* 
13V 
1o 
154 
B V 
8 V 
9x1o3 
3 oV 
3o 
1518 l l 
9+4 
648 
29’* 
26 
1ox124 
I V 
7 V 

N e t 

 t a d w h g 

187a + 
3 , 
3 V + 
"a 
9 V — 
+» 
31V-*- 
V 
92 
+ I 
7 3 '*— 
** 

7 o V — I V 
1 9 '* 4 
V 
2'/ # - 
14 
4 
19"?— 
41 
. . . 
21 
. . . 
9' a— 
1 7 V 4 V a 
32'/?— 
J* 
1o V 4 
1 5**4 
22 
4 
M V 4 
V 
9o 
- ‘ 
92 V 4 1 V 
127V. 
- 
27 V 4 
V 
2 7 '* 4 
24 
- I 
1 5 V 4 
76'a— I V 
1 5 V - 
2 5 V . 
1 3 + 4 - 
V 
3 o V 4 I V 
14 V — 
B V — 
"a 
SOV— 
11 
4 
V 
277a— I V 
7 + 6 - 
V 

M — N 

5 
7 
5 
.2o l l 2366 
6ob 28 
158 lOe 
4x 196 

,4oa lb 

- o 

55 ie - 
96 

IO 
M B P X 
3 6 V M C A 
4 
M E I 
13+4 M G IC 
7 V M a c * F 
4 7s M a c tto n 
5+4 M a c k e 
36 
8"? M e c m ill 
5o 
17V M c m i p f l 2o 
3 1 V M a c y 
I 3o 
51 
M a c y p f 4,25 
11+* M a d s F d 
77e 
5 
M adSqG 
9 
M a g ic C f 
4o 
33 
M a llo ry I 2o 14 1378 
22 
M a lo n H 
68 
IO 
267 
7+e M a n h ln 
2ob 
4 
7o 
3 6 '* M fr Han I 92 
7 1o93 
4o’ ? M A PCO I IO 14 1553 
12 
M a ra tM 
5o 
4 
21o 
5o 
M a ra tO 2 2o 
8 2195 
16V M a re m t 
6o 
1o 
M a rM id 
8o 
127* M a rlo n L 
52 
4 5V M a rle y 
1 2o 
9 " . M a rrio t 
251 

238 
IOO/ 
8 
1o18 
78o 
555 
18 
358 

6 
343 
9 
467 
1o 
242 
8 
236 
IO 2432 
53' / M rs h M 
2 4o 16 13o1 
17V M a rsh F 1.24 
9 
2 3". M a rlM a I 4o 
8 
13' ? M a ry K 
.4o l l 
24"? M rld C u 
66b 
8 
19"? M ascoC p 
28 12 
18 + 4 M a s o n lt 
.6o 
12 
12V M a sM 
V ile 13 
17+* M a s s y F la 
4 
15V M asC p 
I 52 
11V M a s ln c 
96e 
2 1V M a ts u E 
29e IO 
5 
M a lle i 
7 
233* M a y D S t I 16 
8 
23+* M a y e rO 
8o 
IO 
3 
M a y s J W 
12 
28"? M a v tg 1,5oa 13 
15 
M c C o rd 
84 
6 
43'a Ate D er 
I 6o ■ 
373* M c D n ld 
IO 
19+8 M c Don D 
5o 
18V M c Donh 
9o 
2 8 '* M c G E d I 6o 
15V M c G rw H 
8o IO 
26’ 
M G H pf I 2o 

I 
46 
3Si 
92 

281 a M c ln ty r 
15V M cK e e 
2b 
M c L e a n 
T3 
AAc LOU* l l 
M c N e il 
18V M ead Cd 
49’,a M ea p fA 2 8o 
49+a M ea p f BT SO 
27’ ? M edusa 16o 
2 2V M e lv ille 
16"; M enasc 
37+a M ere S ir 
5o 
M e rc k 
17'a M e re d ith 

27o 
918 
143 
1o2 
7o3 
914 
162 
1o86 x55 
2o5 
41 
2718 
1o72 
59 
38 
13 
398 
6 
272 
4 1596 
14 4457 
7 2o96 
6 
56 
9 
13o 
617 
51 
67 381o 
128 
7 
615 
9 
249 
5 
144 
6 1186 
14 
22 
7 
65 
96 
IO 1623 
2o( IO 
433 
.8o 
8 
46 
I SO 15 324o 
8o 
4 
49 
17"? M e r r ly n 
88 
9 1875 
31 
Mesa P et 
IO 15 1o43 aS''* M esP p f I 6o 
494 
87e M esa bt 
L33e 1ox874 
2 2V M e sta 
I 5oe 
7 
12 
16 
M G M lr 
2 7 '* M e tro m LIO 
47 
M tE pfC 3 9o 
86 
M tE p fF 8 12 
M tE pfG 7.68 
88V M IE pf J8 32 
8 7 V M IE p fl 8.12 
86"? M tE p fH 8 32 
13V M chG s 1,2ob 
28"? M h W i pf2 67 
25 
M h W i p f2 12 
2 o '* M lc ro w v 
4o 
16 
M id CII 
124 
15V M id S U t 138 
IV * M id ln d M 
28 V M id i Ro 
I SO 
22 
M ile s L b 128 l l " . M lltB ra d 
6o 
L f? 

7 
47o 
6 22o9 
7 IOO 
7789o 
722o 
71o 
Z1o 
7976o 
• ii 
422 
9 
115 
9 
597 
9 1964 
1o6 
7 
157 
8 
146 
7 
344 
32 

133 
3 
51 
I 
35o 
6 
929 
8 
335 
8 
152 
41 
7 2693 
128 
9 
288 
6 
569 
4 
36 
9 
493 
12 
5 
24 
6x2o8 

25 
18+* 
17V 
I V 
31V 
2« V 
14V 
_ 
. 
23+a 
2 1V M inn G s 
57 
4 7V M ln M M I 7o 44 3119 
22V 
2o'a M in n P L 1.76 
13V 
11V M irro A I 
96 
1 9'* 
16V M is s n E q 
48 
48"? 
3 9V M P aeC 
I 8o 
29V 
2 7 '* AAoPtCe I SO 
17+* 
15*8 M oP S v lb 
27+8 
2 5 V AAoPS p f2 44 
71 
62 
M o b il 
3 8o 
4+8 
T V M o b te H 
1 9'* 
14V M ohasco 
9o 
7+* 
5 
M te k D ta 
2 2 V 
21V? M o h kR 
I 2o 
52' ? 
36" ? M oi yep 
12o 
6 o V 
4 9 V M o ly pf2.5o 
2 7V 
26"? M o n rh 1.2oa 
15+-* 
IT V AAonoar 
28 
12V 
8V M o n rE q 
2o 21 
37o 
88 V 
73+8 M on san 3. IO 
8 3471 
42' * 
35 V M on D U 
2 4o 
2 8V 
24 
M on P w 
18o 
23 >s 
22 
M o n is t 
18oa 
11V 
IO 
M O N Y 
96e 
53+e 
4 1V M o o re M 135 
56'a 
48 
M o rg a n 
2 
27 
21+* AAorkn 
1.1ob 5 
13V 
9 V M o rse Sh .5o 
4 
4 V 
3 V M tg T r A m 
2 2V 
1 8V M o rN o r 
I 8 
56V 
47 
M o to ro la 
84 
14 
48t 6 
38"? M f Fuel 
2 l l 
28 
2 4V M tS tT e l 
I 88 9 
9 V 
I Vt M u n fo rd .4o 
6 
6+a 
B V M u n ld p f 
4o 
1 8 V 
1 4 
M u n l l 
111 
18V 
17V 
1 8 "*+ 
7 
33 19V 
18"? 
187* — 
3 2V 
22s* M u rp O II 
8o 8 
18V M u rry O 
12o 8 
15+* M u tlO m 
I 32 . 
9 
M y e rs L 
.4o 38 
32 
NCR 
.BO 9 
19 V N L Ind 
1.2o 9 
TOV N I T 
.76 ■ 
6"? N Y F 
2.45t 

SS 
IO 
819 
112 
13 
243 
6x564 
IO 1492 

2 5 '* 
17 
1 3's 
38 'a 
23+* 
2 4'* 
V V 
51'« 
3 4V 
14+8 
19 
13V 
16V 
14+a 
25 V 
27V 
12'* 
29 
2 5 V 
72' ? 
38 V 
29V 
2 7 'r 
17+* 
5"? 
7 V 
14 + 4 
76 V 
15 V 
26 
57 +* 
28 V 
15'? 
TO"* 
SI 
45V 
4+* 
45 V 
2 7 V 
16'? 
25 
19 
2o V 
25'* 
23 
2 3V 
16V 
1 o7'v 
3 1V 
36’ s 
31'? 
48"* 
1o4 
25+a 
7o+8 
3o 
92V 
IS7. 
4oV 
42 
46 
56 
$9>? 
69' ? 
121 
114 
89'? 
13 
3 1 V 
31 
37 
71V 
25+* 
56’ a 
5 
36 
4 V 
I ’ ? 
11 + a 
2o's 
48 V 
97+4 
88' * 
9 3 v 
87' ? 
IW V 
3o 
47 V 
57 
53 
58 
87 + 4 
1o8 
§ 8V 
37 
5 V 
49 V 
3o-8 
57+. 
38 
37 V 
55 
31 
122V 
28 
13V 
3o+4 
39 
2oV 
44+t 

TO7* 
44 ’•» 
IT V 
28 + a 
15V 
45 + 4 
9 1 V 
89 
78V 
79 V 

133 
382 
16o 
438 
945 
222 
293 
173 
39 s r 
. 
7. 2o V 
'* 
843 
113 
9o 
5oo 
'689 
1811 
7 1o55 
7 
246 

11+* 
37 V 
I V 
15"? 
9 V 
5 V 
6 
9 V 
18 
33+* 
54 
12+* 
9+* 
1o+8 
41V 
2 3V 
9 
3 7V 
46 
15V 
52+* 
17 V 
12 V 
13+8 
54+4 
9 V 
61 
18+s 
26"? 
14 V 
25 V 
2 1V 
19V 
13V 
2o+4 
17 
11V 
22 
7 
25 
24V 
3 ". 
32+8 
17+'4 
53"? 
4 oV 
2 oV 
19+8 
29V 
17V 
28 V 
3 2 V 
19 
2o"? 
14V 
11V 
23+8 
SB 
59 
29 V 
2 4V 
2438 
3 9". 
51+/4 
18+8 
18+1 
3 3V 
36 
13V 
243* 
19V 
3o"? 
42 V 
9 3 V 
87 V 
94 
93 
94+4 
15V 
2 9V 
26". 
2 1V 
17"? 
16 
I V 
3o"* 
25 
12 V 
21"? 
4 8V 
21V 
12 
19 V 
47"? 
29V 
IT V 
26V 
64 V 
3 V 
15+* 
5 V 
22 V 
5o+* 
57"? 
25+4 
13V 
9 + 8 
79 V 
41 
26"* 
23 l l 
51 
4 9V 
27 
IO"? 
4 
7oV 
A IV 
4 1V 
26"? 
8+8 
5 V 
O H 

1o+4 
36 V a v 
14"? 
8+4 
I v 
5+4 
9 
IT V 
32 
53 
12"? 
9 V 
» V 
3I+ * 
22 a v 
36 V 
44 
14V 
5o 
17 
12V 
12V 
5 3 V 
B V 
5 7 + 4 
17V 
24+* 
14V 
24"? 
TOV 
18+* 
T 
16' 4 
11"? 
2 1 V 
6 
23+4 
T 
3 1V 
16+4 
5 o '* 
STV 
19V 
19 
29"? 
17 
28 
3 1Vr 
133* 
11 
2 1 V 
5 6 V 
5S+* 
2 9 V 
23"T 
2 3V 
3 8 V 
SO 
IT V 
17"? 
32V 
3 4 V 
12+/8 
2 4 V 
18V 
2 7V 
4 2 '* 
9o 
8 7 V 
94 
93 
9 2 V 
14V 
2 9V 
25+4 

16’* 
1 5V 
I ’* 
2 9V 
2 3 V 
12 
21 Vt 
47 V 
2 1 '* 
11V 
173* 
45"? 
28 
16V 
26V 
64 V 
2 V 
14 V 
5 
22"e 
48+8 
56 
25 
1 3'* 
9 
7 7 '* 
3 9V 
25 
2 2V t o v 
4 9 V 
48 
2 6 '* 
1o 
3+4 
19+8 
4 2 '* 
41 
25V 
7 V 
5 V 
I 

 ll+ . - t 
36 V — a v . . 
14+4— 
B V L 
S V T 
6 
B V + 
18 
+ 
37 V 
54 
4- 
12"?- 
B V + 
V t - 
4 1 '* 4 
2 2 "? -- 
8 V — 
36V ~- 
44'?— 
15 
5 o + 4 - 
I77a + 
V 
1 2 '*— 
' 8 
13 
- 
’ i 
54+b— 
+» 
9"?— 
"a 
58+»— 1+4 
18 
........... 
26+8" 
Vt 
14"?— 
'* 
25 
— 
V 
21+8- 
'4 
19' ?......... 
13 V + 
V 
2 o V - 
V 
16 V f 
"8 
11V -f 
V 
21+8- 
'* 
7 
+ 
V 
25 
+ I V 
24 
— 
'* 
3 
- 
V 
3 2 '/*+ 
Vt 
1 7 V - 
'* 
53"? 4 2 
39 V + U h 
2o" 8 + 
V 
19’ . 
. 
29+4- 
V 
1 7 V ............ 
28 
3 2 '* + 
"? 
19 
'e 
2 o + 8 ......... 
14"e 4 
V 
11V 4- 
+8 
23 V + I V 
58 
— 
59 
4 
29 V - 
24+8 + 
24 V + 
39 
4 
51’* + 
1 7V — 
1 7V + 
33*4 + 
36 
+ 
12'?— 
24 V + 
19 
- 

+4 

I " 

2o"?— 2 
4 2 '*— 
V 
93+8+ 
V% 
87 V ......... 
94 
- 
+* 
93 
+ 
'* 
92"?— I V 
1 5 V + 
V 
2 9 V ........... 
25+*— 
"4 
2 1 '*— I 
1 7 V + 
Vt 
15+'4- 
Vt 
I ' * . . . . . 
3 o "*+ 
V 
2 4 '*— 
34 
1 2 '*— 
V 
2 1 '* ........... 
48">— 
V 
21V + 
Va ll'/? — 
V 
1 8 V + 
V 
4 5 '/? - I '* 
29 
4 I " . 
1 7 '.+ 
'* 
26 V ......... 
6 6 '* 4 
Vt 
V t 
+4 
15 V 4 
V 
5 '* .......... 
22+b 
5o'?+ 
3/4 
57 V ........... 
25+8- 
"b 
13 V + 
'.* 
9+8 1- 
' * 
78+8— I '* 
3 9 + 4 - I"? 
25 
— 
23 
+ l l 
4 
5 o V - 
48 V 
243*4 
1 o V - 
3+4 - 
2oV* 4 
43+8+ 
4 1+ e- 
2 6 V 4 
8 
- 
5"?— 
o 8 

I Vt 
V 
V 
'* 
V 
V 
V 
"8 
V 
I V 
V 
'* 
V 
V 

17V M u rp h C 
I 28 

45'a N a bisco 2 52 IO 
31o 
27V N alcoC h L IO 13 1341 
SI 
174 
48? 
21? 
16? 
16 
■ 4 9 o 
IO 
139 
7x317 
763 
75o 
6 
54 
65 
644 
195 
188 
13 
853 
376 
247 
131 

49 
311 
243 

12 
N arcoS ci 
6o 
15+8 N ashuaC 
68 
8 
IO’ * N a tA irl 
SO 
9 
M V N A v la 
T7e 
12'* N atC an 
57 
5 
23 
N C an p f l 5o . 
15V N tC h em 
48 IO 
8+* N tC ity l. 
45e ■ 
2 5 V N a tD e tr 
152 
2 3V N a tD ls t I 6o 
7 
71 
N p is t p f4 25 
37"* N D Ist pf?.25 
25+4 N a tF G 
2 16 
6 
25+i N tF G p f 2 3o 
15V N a tG y p 1o5 IO 
4 
N a fH o m 
B V N a tln d 
3o 
4 
13 V N I Ind pf L 25 
17"e NAAdCr 
.24 IO 
12+8 N M ed E 
.4o 
6 
2o 
N M tneS v 
5o 12 
4 6V N a lP rs to 
2 
7 
16"? N tS em ic 
2o 293o 
13V N SVC Ind 
82 
8 
216 
16 
N Stand 
I o4 
7 
43"? N S tarch 1.o8 12 
3 9 '* N a tlS ll 
2.5o 
IO 
3+* N a! Tee 
33s* N a to m a I 4ob 
4 
25"? N a irn pf 16o 
.. 
13"? N e ptune 
.5o 1o 
22 V Nev Pw 
176 
7 
17"? N e vP p f L6o 
19 
N e vP pf 174 
23' ? N e vP pf2 3o 
21 
N evP p f l 95 
21 "a N E ng El 1 94 
15V N E n G E 136 
1o4’ . N E G pf9 8o 
2 9V N E n P pf2.76 
3 2 V N E n g T 
2 6o 
9 
277» N Y S tG 2.4o 
8 
42’ a N Y S E p f3 75 
< * '. N Y S E p f8 8o 
23+« NYSF. pf? 12 
15 
N e w h a ll 
54 l l 
25 
N e w rn I 
I 6o 16 
79 
N w m t p f4 SO 
14 
N la M P 
1.24 
37 
N ia M n f 3 *o 
3 8 '* N la M p f 3 6o 
4? 
N ia M p l 3 9o 
52"? N ia M p f 4 85 
57"? N ia M p f 5 25 
66 
N ia M p f 6 IO m " ? N ia M p f 
IL 75 
1o9V N ia M p l 
1o 6o 
84 
N ia M pf7,72 
IO'» N ia g S h r ,97e 
2 7 '* NiCOr 
2 3? 
27' v N ico r o d 9o 
28 
N o rfW n 1.76 
17>e N o rlin 
I /Q I 
23 
N o r r i s H 

31V 
25 
16V 
13 V 
34+s 
21+* 
J2+* 
6+a 
49 V 
79+* 
12+e 
17 V 
1o+/4 
B V 
13+8 
25' 7 
16 
11+4 
26V 
25". 
71 
37"? 
27*. 
26*8 
17+8 
4+* 
6"? 
13+8 
19 V 
15 V 
24+8 
53'? 
18*4 
14*8 
17+4 
44+8 
4 1'* 
4 V 
4o V 
2 7V 
16"? 
27+4 
18 
19 
24 V 
21*8 
22+8 
. 
16’ ■ 
7993o 1o6V 
23 
3 oV 
' 
65 
33+4 
318 
2 9". 
718o 
4 8 '* 
Z5oo 1o1V IOO 
32 
25 
24+* 
■ 2 8 1 
2 o ". 
1 7V 
26V 
8o V 
15 + 4 
39 
41' ? 
45 V 
54+4 
58 
69 V 

.76 
275 
9o 
757o z28o 
7162o 
IO 
8 
434 
7 
9o 

43 
N oA C oel .9o 14 
3 * . N O A v tg 
31V NOA Phi 
I 5o 
7 
J V N o C A ir 
12 
5 
I 
N o C e A lr w t 
... 
1QV Noes) U t I o? 
17*4 N ln d P S 
I 44 
4 4V N o r NGS 2 o8 
9 3V NONG pf5.5o 
83 
NONG pfS.6o 
89’ ? NONG PIS 8o 
BSV NONG p f6 84 
99+s NONG pf8 48 
2 6V N o S tP w I 94 
42*4 N SPw p f3 6o 
49 
N S P w p f 4 IO 
49 
NS P w p t4 l l 
54+4 N S P w p f4 56 
83 
N S P w p f6 8o 
1o3 
N S P w p f8 8o 
85 
NSPw p f 
7 
27+4 N o rT e l 
.64 
4 ’ a N o rth g a te 77 
4 1"; N o rth rp 
2 
7 

485 
. . f 
IO 146o 
ZUO 
733o 

13oo 
73oo 
712o 
751o 12o 
743o H I 
1o3 
89 
114 
7 
2o4 
5 
9 1288 
6 
99 
7 
471 
98 
115 
7 
212 
5 
436 
.. l l 
8 1333 
8x511 
7 
796 
72o 
713o 
713o 
.. ZUO zlO I 
9 
795 
712o 
115o 
. 716o 
. 
72oo 
72ooo 
72o 1o5 
.7113o 
87 t i 
154 
1o7 
277 

3o+*— vt 
2 3 V - 
I V 
15 V 
- 
V 
12+8- 
+8 
33 V + 
V 
2 1 V + 
V 
22V — 
' i 
B+*........... 
49 
+ 
"* 
29 V + I V 
12V 
IT V — 
V 
1oV + 
+8 
16 
+ 
V 
IT V - 
V 
25+8- 
V? 
16 
. . . 
113*4 
3/4 
26 V 4 
"? 
2a V — 
’* 
71 
37"?+ 
V 
2B V — 
1 ? 
26 
- 
Vt 
16+*— 
3,4 
4 V ........... 
B V - 
"* i5«v— v 
1 i v - v 
1 4V — 
Vt 
2 3 V - I V 
53 
- 
V 
1 8V + 
I 
1 4'* + 
IT V — 
44 V f 
3 9 + 4 - 
4 V . . 
3 9 3 * t 
26 V + i i f 
22" ? - 
1 7 V - 
19 
— 
2 4 V + 
T IV 
22 f 
15+8 
1o5+* 1o6 
+ 
3 o '* 
SOV 
3 3 V — 
"e 
28 V + 
' t 
A1 
1o1"?+ I V 
24 + 4 
19+4 f 2+ 8 

3o V 
2 3 '* 
15V 
12V 
32 
2 oV 
2 1 V 
B V 
48+8 
2 8V 
12 
16+* 
ISS 
123* 
25+8 
15V 
IO"? 
26 
24 V 
71 
3 7 '* 
26V 
26 
1 6'* 

 k 
IT V 
13' * 
22"? 
5o+* 
17"* 
14"* 
16V 
4 3 V 
393* 
4 V 
37 
25 V 

17V 
19 
24 V 
2 1 V 
21V 
15V 

+8 
V 
1+8 

 i v 
+8 
Vt 

I V 

3 3 V r 

25 
79 ll" 
41 
44V 
54 
5 7V 

11V 
79+8 
29 
347. 
2 1V 
75+4 
54 V 
3 V 
33+4 
4 
I V 
11 "4 
19"4 
46*8 
97+4 
87"? 
9o 

 n o ! 
87 
1oV 
28+8 
28+* r 
2 4V hti 
3 1V 
3 V 

1o3. 
Kl 

 r 
2 7'? 
4 4V 
52 
53 
57 
8 4 V 

22' / N w st A lrl 
5o l l 1667 
497 * N w t Brie 191 
37' 8 N w tE n r 
2 
32 
N w tE n r ct 2 
43+8 N w tln d 
2 25 
?T’ a N w st Ind w t 
98 
N w tln pf4 2o 
2 6V N w fP p f? 5o 
11V N w M L fe 
Ie 
14 

336 
142 
13 
12o7 
78 

3 oV 
5 
443* 
26+8 
SI 
33+4 
33V 
S3'? 
2 9V 

M V *— 
Vt 
7 9 - 3 
15+*+ 
V 
39 
- I 
41 
. . . . . 
4 5 '* — 
V 
54 V + 
V 
5o 
+ 
Vt 
69 V + I 
12o 
+ I 
111 
........... 
•9 V + I 
1 o V - 
V 
7 9 '* + 
V 
29 
+ 
V 
34 V + 
Vt 
21+ 8 F 
+4 
2 5 V f I V 
53 V — I V 
3+*— 
V 
33 V + I '* 
3 V ........... 
I 
— 
V 
J I ' * ......... 
1 9 "*+ 
’ 8 
4 6 '* 
.. 
97+4 t- I V 
B 7 V + 
V 
9o 
- 
1 V 
87 V + I V 
1o1 
. . . 
27+8 F 
"8 
44"*— 
'•* 
51 
+ I V 
5 3 + 2 
57 
+ I ’* 
8 4 "? + I ' . 
1o5 
- 
I 
87 
+ 
3o V * 
4 V 
44’ * - 
26 
+ 
S O V - 
33"? + 
3 3V + 
W V * - 
29 V f 

25’ 7 N w tS tW I 2o 12 
32"? N o rto n 
I. 
17+* N or Sim 
6ob 
31+8 N o rtS pf I 6o 
22' ? N ueor 
.36 
8 i i ' ? OKO 
12o 
6 
9+* O a k tn d 
SO 12 
27 
O ak pf 175 
IS 
O e k ite P 
I 
9 
23*4 O cctP ef 125 
9 
11+y O ccid P e t w t 
28 
O cciP pf? 16 
74+4 O c c iP p f3 6o 
7 3 '. O cc'P p l 
4 
26*4 O c c iP p f2 5o 
21+4 O gden 
I 2o 
6 
33' ? Ogdn pf I 87 
O hioE d 
17o 
9 
Oh E d p f3 9o 
“ 'E d pf 4 4o 
I d pf 4 56 
_ i d p f 7 24 
Oh Ed p f 8 2o 
4 
95' 7 O h F d o f8 64 

94 
21 
19o 
8 1522 
216 
235 
2o3 
I73 
639o 
759I 
35 
12o 
344 
9 
993 
?58o 
719o 
72oo 
726o 
72ooo 

87 
9o 

2 6V 
44’ ? 
51 
52 
57 
84 V 
1o5 
85 
3oV 
4 V 
43+4 
24’ . 
SOV 
32V 
32 
5 1V 
„ 
I T 
2 8 V 
. 
14 119+. 117'* 118V 
17 
26+4 
26"? 
2B+4 + 
■ 
M l l ' i 
27". 
3 4 V 
17 V 
393/4 
2 7V 
18+8 
16V 
35"? 
IS 
27 "4 
13V 
43+4 
88 
86 
27 
27»* 
42 
19V 
44 

12V 
273* 
36 h 
JO"? 
19". 
17 V 
37 V 
16 
28 V 
14 V 
44V 
9o V 
88’ 4 
27+8 
28 V 
42V 
19V 
45 

2 V 

12V *■ 
27 V + 
SB 
+ 
M i — 
4o'?— 
3o'? + 
T5 V + 
M V ........... 
37 
15 
- I 
27V-*- 
V 
V V — 
"4 
44 
— 
V 
89' ?+ 
V 
87 
- I 
27"* + 
V 
27 V 
- 
+b 
42+4— 
Vt tov...... 

S IV 
SI 

83 
^3 
9 5 V 
9 5 V 

’ J 
51 
- 
I V 
5 6 + 2 
83 
+ I V 
9 5 V - 
I V 
111 1oo+4 IOO’ a IO O '.— 
>* 

Stock Symbols 

Sales fig u re s a re u n o ffic ia l. 
U n le s s o tn e rw is e n o te d ,r e te s o fd lv id e n d s ln th e fo r e * going ta b le a re a n n u a l d is b u rs e m e n ts based on th e ta s ! q u a rte rly o r se m i a n n u a l d e c la ra tio n . S pecial o r e x tra d ivid e n d s or p a y m e n ts n ot d e sig n a te d as re g u la r a re id e n tifie d in the fo llo w in g fo o tn o te *. a - Also e x tra o r e x tra s b— A n n u a l ra te plus sto ck d iv id e n d c — L iq u id a tin g d iv id e n d e — D e c la re d o r p a id in p re ce d in g 
12 m o n th s , i— D e c la ra to r p a id a fte rs to c k d iv id e n d o s p lit u p . l— P a id th is y e a r ^ jiv id e n d o m it t e d , d e fe rre d o r no a c tio n take n at la s t d iv id e n d m e e tin g , h 
D e cla re d o r p a id th is y e a r, an a c c u m u la tiv e issue w ith d iv id e n d s in a rre a rs n — N e w issue r -D e c la re d o r p a id ln p r e c e d in g lT m o n th s p lu s s to c k d iv id e n d f — P a id in stock in p re c e d in g 12 m o n th s, e s tim a te d cash v a lu e on ex d iv id e n d o r ex x J is trlb u tlo n date . x 
E x d iv id e n d o r ex rig h ts , y— B x d iv id e n d and sales rn fu ll 
7- Sales rn lu ll cid — C a lle d w d —W h e n d is trib u te d w i—W hen issu ed , w w -W ith w a rra n ts , x w — W ith o u t w a rra n ts x d ls — E x d is trib u tio n . 
’ v j —In b a n k ru p tc y o rre c e iv e rs h ip g rb e in g re o rg a n tz e d under the B a n k ru p tc y A c t, o r s e c u ritie s assum ed b y such co m p an ie s 
W here a s p lit o r sto ck d iv id e n d a m o u n tin g to 25 per cen! o r m o re has been p a id the y e a r's h igh lo w ra n g e and d iv id e n d a re show n fo r th e n e w s to c k o n ly . 

Y e a rly 
H ig h 
Low 
113V HO 
117 
113 
9 1V 
8 7 '. 
88 
1317» 
132 
9 7 '. 
9o 
197 8 
I I 7 B 
4 27* 
42V 
38 s 
16’ . 
2o+4 
14 
16V 
1oV 
27 + 4 
24+. 
13 
23+8 

2 9 ? 
77 
29V 
V IV 
•3oV 
9 V 
58’ / 
97's 
14’ * 
24-V 
2o 
39V 
29 V 
24 V 
18+4 
82 
16+8 
8 + 4 
15+8 
12"? 
47S 
5 V 
4 9V 
17V 
71V 
5 1V 
38V 
38+8 
17 
17+8 
27 V 
27+6 
57+4 
22"* 
55 
56 
1o2V 
97 
1o8 
116 
133"? 
92 V 
99 V 
37+8 
55 
26V 

35+4 
44+4 
98 
11V 
5o V 
8o V 
21+6 
32 V 
17V 
IT V 
13+* 
77"? 
28 V 
56 
29 
29+* 
4 1 '* 
19". 
44’* 
5o"? 
51 
53V 
84 
1o4 V 
9o+4 
1o7 + 4 
1o5 
89 V 
87+4 
17+e 
61 + 8 
8+4 
13+* 
66 V 
11V 
22 V 
18"? 
7 V 
45 
39 V 
1 7 '* 
TO 
27 
37 V 
27V 
4 V 
9+8 
17 
19+8 
38 V 
7+6 
19+4 
25 V 
75 V 
2o V 
116 ? 
2 9". 
37 V 
16 
44 
53' ? 
49 V 
61+4 
62’ 7 
13 V 
IT V 
93 V 
14+* 
32+4 
19 
88 
26+e 
31V 
46 
13 + 4 
14 + 4 
IU '? 
71 + 4 
3oV 
24 
24"? 
17+8 
5o 
SO 
54 
6 1V 
63 V 
257 8 
82V 
78 V 
13o’ ? 
94+8 
94"? 
96 
91 
9oV 
11o 
6 ' 8 
J '/. 
3 + 4 
35+8 
35’ . 
19"? 
3 V 
28 V 
26’ s 
BSV 
T IV 
28 V 
7 V 
26 
3o"? 
4? 
74’ , 
11V 
17 V 
4’ ? 
24 
7+8 
76 V 
33"? 
33 V 
23 V 
62 V 
TOV 
3+6 
12+* 
72+4 
19+8 tov 
35'4 
98 
2 2V 
41+* 
3o 
» ' • tov 
19 + 4 
2 
34 V 
34+8 
71 
26+4 
71 + 4 
44’ ? 
I I 7. 
39+8 
58 
7o 
82 
4 3V 
94’ 7 
4 1V 
11V 
15V 
26". 
25 V 
21V 
2 9 '* 
16V 
17V 
25+4 
25+. 
14’ 4 
2o+8 
119 
16V 
13V 
34+8 
85+8 
31 
48’ ? 
6 V 
24 V 
4 V 
25+8 tov 
2 9 v 
TOV 
19 V 
61 
27 V l l 7* 
15 

15 V 
29 

87 
o3V 
B V 
128 
177 
9 1V 
8 4 V 
IT 
1o V 
33 
38’ . 
34V 
12V 
17 V 
13 . 
14+* 
6+8 
73V* 
17 + 4 
1o + 4 
IT V 

22 
58 
26+4 
ST 
T V 
49 V 
7 V 
Ll 
22 V 
18 V 
32 
2 5V 
71+* 
17 V 
7 6'* 
9 V 
6 V 
13V 
9"? 
3+4 
3 V 
41+4 
13V 
16+8 
42 V 
29+b 
3 3 + * 
14V l l 
18 V 
21 
35+4 
2o+4 
51 
51 + 4 
9 7V 
92"? 
1o4V 
11oV 
128 
1 7V 
95 V 
31+* 
48 
23"? 

Oh E d p f IO 48 
Oh E ll p fio 76 
O hP w p f8 o4 
O P w p fB 7 6o 
O P v p f CT 6o 
O P w p tA 14 
O P w p fF 14 
O P w p f E8 48 
O P w p fD 7 76 
O x la G E I 48 
O k lG E pf 8o 
O k la N R 
2 
O bnC p 
I 5o 
7 
O tin k rft LIO IO 
O m a rk 
.72 
8 
O neida 
.84 
8 
O p e lik a 
84 
7 
O ra n R k I 36 
8 
O ra ng e 
2ob TO 
OufAAar I 4o 
6 
O u tle t Co 
8o 
7 
O v e rtiD r .5o 
8 
O v e rn itT 
I 
6 

Soles 
(M s ) High low 
/IOO 112+4 I12+* 
74oo 115V 114 
71oo 
8 7 V 
87"? 
7942o 
87 
86 
716o 
87 
86+4 
752o 131V 13o 
713o 132 
131V 
7248o 
97’* 
89 
IT V 
1oV 
3 5V 
42 V 
38 V 
15 V 
19V 
13 V 
IS"? 
6+4 
25 V 
73' 4 r n * 
18V 

/MOO 
9 3685 
. 766o 
6x377 
517 
217 
21o 
49 
148 
161 
2o8 
2o8 
65 
78 
645 

9 3 V av 
17 
1oV 
33 
41 <4 
37 V 
14V 
19 
13'4 
IS a v 
2 3 V 
2 2 V 
12V 
17V 

N e t la s ! C hg. 
112+4* 
V 
114 
— I 
o7"?— 
V 
86 
— I 
86+4+ 
V 
131V + 
Vt 
132 
+ I 
9 3 V — I V 
8 9 + 2 
17"*— 
V 
IO"?— 
V 
34 V — 
+8 
4 2 V + 
V 
38 
+ 
V l l ..... 
19V — 
V 
13 V + 
V 
1 5 '* + 
' * 
6 'q — 
" * 
2 5 '* + 1+s 
23 
- 
V 
12"?— 
Va 
18 V + 
Vt 

I 24 
2 
7 
168 
7 
I 5o 14 
86 
8 
I 8o 
9 
I 4o 
8 p f 6 
8o 
9 

P 
- Q 
- R 
O v e r Sh 
3ob 
7x174 
O w enC n 1 2o 14 
697 
O w e n lll 
9 1518 
O w n ll p f4 75 
9 
O x frd ln d 
76 
7 
87 
P N B 
.42e 
17x1o5 
P P G 
2 4o 
8 
854 
PSA 
Pac a s 
P acG E 
P a c L tg 
P a c L m 
P ac Pet 
P a cP w 
P acT T 
P acT T 
P a c T ln 
P aine W 45e 
P aiW p f 13o 
P a lm Be 
.5o 
P a m id a 
.12 
P a n A m 
P an E P 
25o 
P a p rc fl 
8ob 
P a rg a s 
1b 
P ara p f2 64 
P a rk e r ,1oe IO 
P a r Han 12o 
9 
P a rk P e n 
48 
8 
P a trk P 1 25* 31 2538 
P a y ls n w .5o 
7 
48 
P eabody 
2o 13 
25 
P enney 
I 48 IO 2728 
P a P w L I I 8o 
7 
683 
Pa P L p*4 4o 
Pa P L p f 4 SO 
P a P t p f8 6o 
P a P l p ts 4o . 
P a P L p*9 24 
P a P L p f l l 
.. 
P aP L p f 13 
P a P L pf 
8 
P a P l p*8 7o 
Penn w it I 8o IO 
P enw l p f2 5o 
P enw ! p fL 6 o 

133 
T286 
341 
ISI 
345 
9 
598 
8 
236 
724o 
9 
12 
4 
183 
37 
5 
214 
3 
166 
7 21o4 
8 
874 
721 
8 
48o 
2 
286 
166 x6o 

751o 
737o 
712o 1ooV 
725o 
95 V 
79o 1o7+* 
741o 114 
73oo I3o+* 
73oo 
9 1 V 
726o 
9 8 V 
353 
3 7 V l l 
55 
41 
2 4 V 

26"? 
2 4 V 
26 
— 
+8 
69 
66+4 
647'*— IV 
2 8 '. 
26+4 
27 V + 
V 
88' ? 
87 V 
88 
— 
V 
7 8V 
27+4 
28 
- 
+ 4 
8 V 
8 V 
8' v + 
V 
5 8 ". 
5 6 V 
58'A + 
*4 
8"« 
7+* 
8 
+ 
V 
14+X 
14 
14+8 + 
I . 
23 V 
2 3 '* a + 4 f 
+8 
18V 
18+8 
1 8V + 
V 
33"? 
32+4 
3 3 V + 
I 
2 7 V 
26+8 
26+8- 
Vt 
23 V 
2 2 V 
23 
18 
1 7V 
17+4- 
V 
7 8V 
78 
78'/?— 
V 
11+. 
1 1V 
I IVV— 
'A 
I a v a v ­ 
V 
13V 
1 3V ia3* 
12 
1 oV 
12 
+ 
1 
4 V i v 
4 
— 
V 
4 '* 
4 
4 V + 
V 
45+. 
4 3V 
45 V + 
1+8 
1 7V 
1 6V 
17 
+ 
V 
18V 
17 V 
1 8 V + 
V 
46 
45 V 
46 
— I 
3 8". 
3 6 V 
38 V + 
1 '* 
37 V 
37 
37 V . 
16 V 
1 6 '* 
16V + 
' <4 
17V 
16V 
1 6 '*- 
Va 
19V 
18+s 
18+8- 
"4 
25"? 
2 4 V 
2S 
37"? 
3 5 V 
37 V + 
' +8 
2 2 V 
22 
2 2V 
54 
5 1 V 
52 V + 
+4 
55 
5 3 V 
53+4 
IOO"? >uu- 1 ......... 
94 
94 
- 1 
1o7+* 1o7+*+ 1+* 
112 V 114 
+ I"? 
129 
13o+*+ 1+4 
9 o V 
9 o "? + 
'? 
9o 
98 
36 
37 
5 2 V 
55 
R V I ? V 
24' 

♦ I 
+ 2 V 

47", 
7 2 '* 
IT V 
76 
31V 
2 
I6+* 
8 
1 6'* 
6 
13V 
3 
69+* 
2 
26+4 

76o 
749o 
75o 
731o 

48 
4 7V 
51 
8o 
717o 
97 V 
9 6 V 
735o 
89 
87 I 

31 
+ 
V 
39+4 
I V 
95+4— 
V 
7 V — 
V 
4 6 V - ■ 
V 
69 V - 
V t 
17 
— I 
3o V + 
V 
16+4— 
V 
16 
— 
V 
13 V + 
Vt 
6 6 — 2 
26'*+ Vt 
53 V — 1+4 
26 V + V 
25 V + V 
33+4— I 
1 » V ........... 
6 2 '* — J V 
41 
— I 
47 V 47+4+ 
' * 
51 
5 1 + 1 ie ....... 
97 
+ v 
• 7 
- 
' * 

29 V 
39 

4 6 * 
6 9 '* 
1oV 
3o+4 
16V 
16 
13V 
68 
2 5 V 

SO 

725o 1o5V 1o5"? 1o5V . 
745o 1o4"? 1o3"? 1o3"?— 

2 9 V P ennzol I 4o 
7 1258 3 1 '* 
39 
Penn? p f 1 .3 3 ... 
4 393* 
93 
P en n 7 p f BS 7959o 
9++* 95+4 
7+e Poop D rg .2o 
7 
6o 
8+8 
7+* 
44 V PeopG s 3 4o 
7 36o 
68 
PepsiC o 2 4o 
12 1594 
16"? P e rk E lm 
32 
14 1o26 
3o+8 P e tln c 
16o 
8 
16"? P e tln c pf 8o 
16 
P e tln c p f I 
11V P ete r P l 
88 
7 
68 
P e trie 
2a 14 
25’* P e tro la n 
72 
8 
5 1 V P e tro l p f 1.37 
5 3 V 
5 3 V 
2 4 '* P et Res 2 d ie 
32 
2 6 V 
2 5 V 
25"a P fiz e r 
96 l l 3oo9 
2 6 V 
2 5 V 
3 3 V P h e lp D 
2 2o 
15 888 34 V 
33+* 
17V P h ila E I I 8o 
IO 1714 1 9 '* 
18V 
4oV P h llE p f3 8o 7121o 
44+4 
4 o V 
47 
P h ilE p f4 3o 
.. 76o 48 
48 
47"? P h ilE p f4 4o 
49"? P h ilE p f4 68 
773* P h ilE p l 
7 
9 3V P h ilE p f8 75 
8 4 V P h llE p f7 85 
1o3"? P h ilE p f9 52 
1o1 
P h ilE p f9 SO 
8 3 '* P h ilE Pf7 8o 
783o 
88 
83 
P h ilE pf7.75 
738o 
87+4 
15V P h ila S u b 
88 
8 
12o 
16V 
51"? Pf 111 AAor 1 3o 12 3175 
5 4 V 
5+4 P h illn d lOe 
9 
15o 
6 "* 
11+8 P h illn d pf 
12 
1 1 V 
1 1 V 
52 
P hi Ii P et 
2 
911o42 
55+* 
52 
IO "* P h illV n H 
6o 
7 
82 
IO7/* 
M A P ic k w ic k 
32 12 1689 
22 
I5+* P ie d N G I 44 
6 
44 
16 
6+8 P ie r I 
,o5e 
8 
715 
7 V 
3 5V P ills b ry 
I 16 11x778 
31 
P io n e r 
1 44 
8 
68o 
11V P io n e rE I 
IO 
23 
1 2 V 
15"? P itn e y B 
8o 
12 1268 
19 
18V P itfF rg ,8ob 
9 
2o 
25 
28+4 P itfs tn la 
9x5133 31 
19'* P iZzaH t 
4o 
9 
423 
22 
3 V P la n R s c 
7 
359 
5 V P la y b o y 
12 l l 
166 
IO’* P lessey 
77e 
8 
82 
15V P ne u m o 
I 
5 
2o2 
3 1V P o la ro id 
SO 13 5o3o 
3 4 V 
6 
P on d rosa 
IO 
819 
7 V 
17"* P opeT al 
BO 14 *2 6 
IB '* 
2o"? P o rte c 
8ob 
IO 
432 
2 5V 
72 
P o rtr p f 5 5o zlOO 
74 
19+* P o rt G E I 7o 
9 
781 
2 oV 
11o+4 P orG p f I L 5o 
772o 114 
2 8 '* P orG Pf 2 6o 
27 
2 8 V 
32 
P o tlfc b 
84 
9 
752 
36V* 
M V P o lm E l I 28 
9 1387 
15V 
4o 
P ot El p f2 44 
.. x i i 
4 3V 
SOV 
P ot El p f 4 5o 
766o 
5 3 V 
46’ * 
Pot El pf4.o4 y575o 4 8V 
57 
P ot El pf 5+6 y67o 
5 9 '* 
58 
P ofE I pts.SO y33o 
6o 
5 8 V 
5 8 V + 
12 
P re m ie r 
48 
8 
/3 
16+* P re m r p f 9o . 
19 
7 5 V P ro c trG 2 6o 14 1663 
9"? P ro dR sh .48 
9 
29 
27"? P ro le r 
I 4o 
8 
66 
17 
PSvC ol 
146 IO 
o51 
82"? PSCo! pf7. IS 
723o 
24+* PSCol p f2 IO 
26 
P SVC In 
I 92 

3 V 
7 V 
11V 
17V 

41' h P S Ind p f? 5o p f 1.o4 

6 
876 
79o 
ZUO 
ZlOO 

6o 
13V 
17 
78 V 
13 V 
28 V 
18V 
84 
25"? 

8 5 V 8 5 V — I V 
85 V 8 5V 
16V 
54 
+ I V 
6 ..... 
1 1 V - 
V 
5 3 V - 4 V 
1 o V 1o+* + 
+8 
2 2 + 2 
IB 
+ 
Va 
7 
- 
V 
36 V - 
V 
3 1V — 
+* 
1 1 V - 
V 
1 8V — tv 
2 4 V — 
V 
3 o V - 
V 
2 1 '* + 
'* 
3 V ........... 
B V - 
'* 
1 1 V + 
V 
17V — 
V 
33 V + I V 
7 V + 
Vt 
17 V — 
25 
+ 
74 
2o+8 — 
1 1 3 V + 
2 8V 
3 5 + 8 - 
15V 
43+8 + 
SI 
+ 
47 V +- 
58"? + 

16 V 
51"? 
5+A 

19+* 
I| v 

3 6 V 
36 
32+* 
31 
1 1 V 
18V 
24+4 
2 8 V 
2 oV 
3 V 

 l f 
1 6V 
32 a v 
1 7V 
2 2 V 
74 
2 o '* 

3 5 V 
3 
SI 
4 6 V 
5 8 V 

V 
I'/? 

13"? 
13+* z3o i ii '/ ? i i i 
9x3o9 
2 o V 
2o y189o 293/4 
— 
J2 

2 4 '* 
16V 
48 
49 

122 
8 1691 
16 
742o 
75o 
. zlOO 

55 z31o 
2o 

12V P S Ind 
13V PSInd p f L M 
1o8 
P S In d p f9 44 
19V P S vN H 
188 
2 8 V P SN H p f2 75 
2 1V P S v N M 1.6o 1o 
2 1V P S vE G 
196 
16'* P S E C pf 14o 
45"? P SE G p f 4 o8 
48 
P SEG pf4.18 
49"? P S E G pf4.3o 
57 
P SEG p ts OS . 
733o 4oV 
5 9V P S E G p f 5 28 . Z21oo 63 
I 
2 4 V P SE G p f2 17 
78 
P S E G p f 6 8o 
2 6". PSEG p f2 43 
124". PSE Pf 12 25 
88 
P SE G p f / 7o 
8 9 ". P SEG p f / 8o 
89 
P SE G p f8 o8 
86 
P SE G pf7.52 
83 
P SE G p l7 4o 
1o5'* P SE G P f9 62 
43* P u b ic t e r 
2+s P u e b lo 
3 'a P R Cern 
314 ip u g S P L 2 6o 
3 1V P u tlm n 
132 
16"? P urex 
LQ8 
2 V P u ritn F a 
2 o '* P u ro itr 
1.16 
21+e Q ua kO at 
97 
61"? Q uaO p f 
3 
16 
Q uokS IO 
78 
22 
Q uanex 
1.2o 
5 V Q ue stor 
I Or 
2 o V Q u e s trp f A 7 
25+8 RCA 
I 2o 
43 
R C A p l 
3 5 o 
69 
R C A pf 
4 
9 V R T E 
.28 
M V R a ls P u r 
4o 
33* R a m a d a 
o6e 
13V R a n c o ln 
8o 
4 V R a p id A m 
2o 
R apA p f2 25 
28 
R a pA pf 
3 
2 9 '* R a yb st 1,5ob 
19 
R a y m n d 
8o 
54 
R o Vt bn 
2 
1 4V R e a d B a t 
8o 
2+* R e dm an 
IO '* ReeceC p 
74 
2oV R e evsB I 44 
16+t R eich Ch 
74 
8 V R e lie d St .68 
2 9V R e in E I 
L IO 
8o 
R e lE I p f 
3 
18"? R e lia n G p 
§ 
R elG p p f 35k 
V R elG p p f 65k 
26*8 R e lln p f2 68 
7 ** R e p u b C p 
1 
15V R e p F ln S 
I 
I"? R e p M tg 
87 
1+* 
3 1V R epS tl 
16o 11 
3o*. R e pT cx 1.2o 
8 
15V R e s rv O il .2o IS 
82o 
19V R evcoD S .24 15 
678 
93* R e v e re 
26 1o79 
36V R evlon 
.9o 
13 2969 
1o'8 R e x h a m 
4o 
7x352 
32 
R e x n rd 
144 
48 
R exn p f 2 36 
63". R e y n ln 
3 28 
73 
R e y ln pf2.25 
36V R e vM e t 12o 
81 
R e y M pM.SO 
J)+ * R e yM pf2.37 
8+* R eynS e 
4oa 
123. R ich C o 
I 
19V R ich M e r .7o 
19+e R ic h m n d 
I 
17V R ie g e lT 13o 
2o"? R lo G ra n 
7o 
12"? R io G r p f 8o 
13V R ite A id 
.32 
18V R obshw LIO 
21V W obrisn 15o 
IO '. R obins 
32 
17+* ROChG I 28b 
116". ROChG p i l l 
M V R ochT I 
I 
IO+* R o c k o w r .76 
3oV R o ckw e l 2.2o 
753* Wk In) p f 4 75 
28 
R k ln l pf 135 
4 1V R o bm H 1,28 
5 V R o b rln d 
16'? R o llin s 
.5o 
3*8 Ronson 
2o+8 Roper 
I 4o 
9+* R o re r 
.6o 

13 
17 
7 6 ". 
13". 
27 V 
18". 
84 
2 5 '* 
2 7 V 
26+a 
2 7 V — 
4 2 '* 
42 
4 2 '* B 
13"? 

13'/A— 
17 
77'/?+ 
1 3 V — 
27+8— 
1 8V + 
84 
— 
2 5 '* 

13 V + 
V 
13+4 
IJS *— 
Vt iH H 1 l f V + I V 
V 
2o I 
28 V 
29 
T I V 
21+* 
2 3 V 
T4 
14 V 
4 73. 
49 
SOV 
SOV 
5 o V + 
V 
59 V 
6o V + 
V 
6 1 '? 
BJ 
+ 3 V 
2 5 V 
2 5 V 
2 5 V 
79 
+ 
27+8- 
79 
- 
27 V 
- 
7 22o 127"? 127V 127"?— I 
153 
9 2 V 
9 o V 
9 1 V — 
7718o 
93 
92 
9 2 V + 
76o 
9 2 V 
92"? 
9 2'?— 
7927o 
8 9 V 
89 
8 9 " .+ 
711oo 
88 
8 7 V 
8 7 **- 
V 
712o 
1o8 
1o6V 
1o6"? 
I 
498 
6 
5 V 
5 V — 
'* 
. 1318 
4 '* 
3 V 
4’V + 
I V 
27 
3+8 
J V 
J V + 
" . 
8 
2o2 
33 V 
3 2 V 
32+* - 
Vt 
14 
339 
3 4 V 
32 
3 4 '* 4- 
I 
9 
347 
17V 
1 7'* 
17V + 
V 
5 
15o av 
J V 
3+8 
9 
87 
22 
2 1 V 
22 
- 
'is 
7 
57o 
22 vs 
2 I+ * 
2 1 V — 
V 
I 
62 
67 
62 
+ 
V i i 
264 
17V 
16 
16+*- 
I V 
8 
86 
26J* 
23 V 
24+*— 2 
15 
89 
6 
S's 
6 
+ 
+S 
3 
2o+8 
2 o V 
2o+S— T V 
12 2938 
2 9V 
28 V 
29"? + 
74oo 
46 
44 V 
4 4 + * - 
I V 
7 
74 V 
74 
74 
- 
V l l 
579 
M V 
IO 
11V + 
I 
11x3673 
15V 
14V 
1 4+ *- 
BA 
15 
894 
3 V 
3 V 
3 V 
9 
542 
24 
T IV 
23' * — '» * 
4 
145 
6 V 
B'S 
B "i— 
V 
I 
24 
24 
24 
— 
V 
I 
3o"? 
3 o V 
3o V + 
+A 
5 
44 
3 o V 
2 9V 
2 9 V — I 
8 
66o 
23"? 
2 1 V 
22*. + 
+* 
IO 1o74 
o 1V 
BOV 
6 o V + 
V 
5 
286 
18 V 
17V 
17+*— 
V 
48 
197 
3 
2+* 
2 V + 
*8 
9 
79 
1 1V 
IV A 
11 + 8 
6 
49 
21' 1 
2 1 V 
2 1 V + 
BS 
8x111 
17 V 
17 
17+* . 
6 
72 
1o V 
9 V 
IO 
+ ’ is l l 
177 
3 3 V 
33 
M V + 
'8 x7 
93 
91"? 
92 V - 
+* 
7 
793 
72+4 
2 o V 
22** + 
IBA x36 
38 
36’ 8 
37 V f I x6o4l 16 
2 5 '* 
2 5 V + 
V 
1o4 
2 7V 
2 7 V 
2 7 '.— 
V 
9 
313 
IO '* 
9"? 
1o V + 
'* 
6 
138 
19 
17 
19 
+ 
I V 

586 
3 2 V 
138 

I V 
3 1 V 
J 3 V 
3 2 V 
1 7 '* 
1 5V 
2o V 
2o V 
15V 
13 
373* 
3 6V 
11V 
IO '* 

M V Rowan 
M V R oyCCol 
S l'A R o y lD 
3 
71+. R u b b rm 
IO' ? R ussTog 
12V R y d e rS 

2 V SCA 
SVC 
19+8 SCM Cp 
139. SOSCon 
24 
Sabine 

8 1164 
39’* 
3 6 V 
12 
58 
5 4 V 
8 1979 
65 V 
63+8 
8 
75 
7 3 '* l l 
1347 
4 2 V 
4o 
17 
91 
86 
I 
4o 
4o 
8 
161 
9 V 
|3 * 
6 
33 
1 4'* 
1 3V 
9 
886 
21"? 
1 9V 
IO 
826 
2 4 '* 
2 3 V 
I 
1o3 
19+* 
MV 
9 
199 
27 V 
26 V 
391 
15V 
IS " . 
9 
445 
15’* 
M V l l 
343 
2 3 V 
2 2 V 
7 
146 a 
2 2 V 
IO 
827 
1o+. tov 
8 
166 
18+8 
M s 
75o I M S 
118V 
7 
237 
IS ". 
14V 
5 
215 
12+* 
’ ? 
8 
756 
33 
3 1 V 
9 
8 2 '* 
78 
14 
29 
28 V 
342 
4 8 V 
4 6 V 
13o 
B V 
o V 
IO 
552 
18 
17’ 4 
18 
26 
3+. 
3 V 
5 
346 
25+S i i 
9 
1o85 
IO’ * 
9+8 
12 
239 
2 5 '* 
22+A 
• 
1266 
1 9V 
18*4 
7 
32o 
1 5V 
1 4V 
6 2441 
5 9 V 
57 V 
12 
2o5 
23’ * 
T P . 
8 
137 
1oV 
1 o V 
7 2o51 
MIA 
1 3V 

I V 
........ 
3 1 '* - 
3* 
32 V + 
'* 
1 7 '* + I V 
2oV . 
T I 
+ 
37 
- tov. v 
3 8 V + I V 
5 8 + 3 
64 V - 
' ? 
75 
- 
V 
42 V + T V 
91 
+ 5 

I V 
I 

6o 
+ 
( ' >— 
14 
— 
2 1 '? + 
24 V + 
19+8 + 
27 V — 
15+8— 
M V — 
2 3 V — 
22 V 
1o+8— 
1 |V « ... 

 m ' ?— ba 
1 2V — 
V 
31+8— I '? 
78 
— 4 * . a i t * - i v 
48 V + 
V 
6+4— 
V 
1 7 V * - 
+8 
3 V + 
\ f i i 
+ 2+8 
9 V ............ 
24 
- 
1+8 
19 V + 
V 
I i . ~ 
I * 

2 2 V — 
1oV 
14 
+ 

13 
21o 
3 
5 
414 
21 
6 
14’ ? l l 
MO 
TBV 

> r * 

« v 

T V — 
?1 
+ 
M V * .- aa - 
Continued on Page IIC 

C om plete nationw ide eon*polite prieeN 

A i n e r i e a i i s t o c k s 
E xclu sive in San A ntonio 

. 
A B C 
N EW VO R K (A P ) • Trading fo r the week in A m erican 
Stock Exchange issues: 
Yearly 
H igh 
Low 
4 
36 
32 
3o 
56 

5'« A 
E P Is 
9 
AARCp 
4% AAV Cos 
6U APSInc 
12'? 
1os* ASPRO l u l l 16 A T I inc 
12 
9*8 AVCCp l l ' * AVXCp 
6 
A brdM f l f * Acm eHm 
2'J Acm eP r 
5 
6U Action 
28b 
5 
3’ a ActonCp 
13 
3+ft Adam Rs o4e 7 

4o 
5 
32 8 
4o 
6 

7 U 
12' * 
57* 

14 
7 
134 
J U 
9>* 
434 
5»* 

IU 
I t i AegisCp 
7 
IOU 
8'7 AeroFlo .15e 
6 
2 '* 
V J Aeronca 
478 
3U A tfilC ap lOe 
5 
9 s* 
7 
A ftilH sp 
24 
7 
M U 
1o's A lfilP u b 56 7 
7»4 
S 7t A fte rS ix 
.24 
6 
83* 
6 ' ? A lanW dS 
S '* 
3s* A la s k A ir 
5 
2'a 
V s AlbaW a o5e 67 
6s* 
5 'a Alcolac 
32e 
6 
IO 
8 '4 AllegCp wt 
6+9 
47* A lle g A ir 
2U 
V s AllegA wtO 
Vft 
+8 A llegA w in 
28' ? 
25' 4 Al leg Apt C 3 
V i 
5+s A llia n T 
36e 
V a 
I 
A lld A rt 
2o' 7 
13s* A lldT hr 
88 8 
3'a 
2 
A lphalnd 
8 
7'a 
5s* A ita m il lOe 
4 
V a 
7a A lte c Cp 
7 16 3 16 A lte c C p w t 
63b 
S' 4 AltecC rp pf 
15+* l l '4 A lte r Fds 5o 
493* 
47’ ? Alcoa pf3.75 
12s* 
4V* AAAAX wt 
V * A m A gro 
AU Am B iltrt 
5o 
23U 
16'e A m B rd wt 
8'a 
6'* Am BusP 
28 
6+* A C onlrl 
48 
I 
A m F le tc h 
. 
3 1 6 I 16 Am F ilc h w t 
93* 
534 AG arPd 
.34 
3' 7 A ln tP ic t 
2'4 A Israel 
H r 
8'4 AM aizeA 
.4o 
SU AM aizeB 
.4o 
52+* 48' .• Am M f 
2 8oe 
534 
4' .> AAAotlnns 
37 >* 32J4 Am P elf 2.2o 
7s* APrecs 
.28 
7 
4'.- ASafEq 
4 

Sol** 
Net 
(h d v ) High lo w lo s t Chg. 
77 
6’* 
5U 
S U ­ 
V t 
135 
12’* 
IOU 
IT i-F 
IU 
49 
4U 
4U 
47*— 
’/* 
88 
7 ’B 
7 
7 Vt— 
Va 
48 
H U 
IOU 
IOU— 
U 
39 
IU 
V * 
I U U 
Vft 
63 
IV * 
93/4 
IO - 
Vft 
57 
127* r n * 
127* + 
V* 
4 
AU 
6 '* 
6 '* — 
'* 
52 
V * 
V * 
IU — 
V* 
6 av* 
V/A 
2Va . . . 
3o 
A7* 
AU 
6 U + 
'* 
4o 
4'ft 
4 
4 U . . . 
95 
5+* 
43ft 
5 '* + u 
149 
IS7* 
13'* 
13+*— 
+* 
188 
I U 
V * 
IV ? ... 
12 
IO’ft 
IO 
IO 
36 
H i 
IV? 
H i— ' u 
47 
43ft 
4U 
4 U ... 
61 
8 
7 
7 '* — u 
I 
M U 
12'* 
M U — 
'* 
9 
7 
AU 
7 
... 
16 
6 U 
6+i 
6 U + 
■ '* 
221 
4 '* 
3 U 
4 
16 
2>* 
2 
2 
— 
' • 
28 
5 '* 
5 U 
5 '*— u 
5 
9 
87* 
9 
— 
V* 
264 
SU 
SU 
SU— 
+8 
6 
2U 
2V* 
2 U + 
'* 
29 
+* u 
U - • ■ 
2 
25'? 
25'ft 
25'*. . . 
8 
A7* 
6 '* 
6 'i— u 
165 
V * 
I 
I 
— 
Va 
IS 
17 
16 Vi 
167* - 
V t 
37 
2 U 
2U 
2+ft + 
'a 
33 
67/* 
63ft 
AU . . 
7815 16 
U 15 16+1 
16 
.. 
1o2 5 16 3 16 3 16— I 
16 
6 
5U 
5 'i 
5 3 *- 
Va 
81 
12'* 
11'ft 
11'.*— 
Va 
Z145o 
493* 
49'* 
49U + 
V t 

4 
834 

7ig 
2 

5’* 
33* 
1o*8 
IO' 7 

AVB 
27* 
7'/4 

68 
5 
15 
3 
31 
V b 
434 
22'8 
2o3i 
76 
7'4 
6 7* 
7 
7 
I Vi 
I 
51 

4+ft 4 
3 
.. 
7+ft— 
22 
4 
7’* 4 
7 
— 
I '* 
5 I 16 I 16 I 16 
73/4 
37* 
3'a 
834 
8 * 4 

7 
3*8 
27/a 
8'/4 
8 3 4 

7344- 
37/e + 
3 
— 
8s* 
8*4 
13 
5o’* 
48U 48U— 2' ? 
4o 
47* 
43* 
4*4— Vs 

113/4 
6 
143/4 
53x 
12s a 
3'4 
33* 
8J* 
7s* 
6 U 
6<4 

8 x47 
36' ? 
33*a 33' : 
2'. a 
'/a 

9'4 Am SciE (Me 23 
174 
33 4 
Am Tee 
25e 6 l l 
A m U tlS 63e 
2' ? AndreR o7e IO 
2 
AngloC .13e 8 
6' 7 An ken 
.28 5 
5 
Anthony 32t 3 
5' a Apptd Dta 
7 
3 
ApldDev 
17 644 
17U 
H U AquitCa 
3o 
9 
54 
53/4 
4 
A rizC L lOe 18 27o 
5J4 ArzCol pf 48 
26 
37* A rm inC p 
12 12 
355 
4 '4 A rro w s 
13 
23 
57a A ru n d e l 

7 
V I 
6 ' 7 
83* 
13'A 
11*4 
IV* 
5 '* 
6 

1o4 
7 
I 
174 
4? 
58 
49 

IO7* 
1o'/? IO7* * 
5 
47* 
47*— 1* 
133/4 
123/4 
13 Va— V* 
5' 
113/4 
27* 
3'7 
7' a 
5s* 
53a 
53 a 

123/4 
13'1 
43* 
5 '* + l l ' * 
11 V t— 
27/a 
27/e— 

8 
82 

3 '* 
6' 7 
5' 7 
5'? 
37* 
14S* 
14'/4 
143*+ 
5'/? 
4'/? 
53* + 
6 
37/a 
57/a 
8 

3* 

3 * * - 
'* 
6+ft . 
5*3— 
53* ........ 
5'/a+ I'/a 
■■■7ft 
6+* 
43/4 
6'a 
8'7 

6V4 + 
37/a- 
6 8 
9s* Asamera .3o 12 
766 
12'7 
I V a 
M U — 
*6 
9'/? AshlOC 
.2o 8 
14 AskinSvc 
37* A strex 
.15e 
6 

1o3a 
IO'a 

43.8 A talanta 
2oe 3 
116 
1'/4l3 16 A lco Ind 
'7 5 I t AticoAAtg w t 
31 

I 
4'/4 
6 

7* 
37* 
4 7 * 
7*13 16 

IOU 
I 
+ 
1/4 
3 7 * - 
Va 
57*+ IV* 
7*. 

47* lV e 
15'7 
243b 
7 
5*7 
53* 

3*8 AtlasCAA lie l l 
228 
43* 
6 5 16 5 16 5-16— I 16 

9 
AtlasCp wt 
12j '4 A ugal 
3o 13 
14J4 A u s tra lO 
27 
5s* AutoTrn 
7ot 
4’ B A u tm Bld 
6 
33* Autm R ad 
3 

1o8 
IIV* 
62 
1434 

43# 
4'/2. 
IO '* 
1o7* + 
13*4 
14** + 

5o'a 
39 >4 AatoSw I 2o 12 

848 
243 a 
2234 
237* + 
84 
33 
41 

43* 
37g AVEAAC 
2o 
29'4 
21 7b Avondal I 2o 
834 
6s* AydinC p 
I'*1 3 16 BRT 
3oe 
+ 16 I 32 B R T w t 

6 '* 
4 7a 
37* 
18 
5o'a 
46 
32 
4Va 
4’* 

53 * 
4 ' 7 
3*4 

6 
+ 
4 7 *4 - 
1/4 
33/4+ 
'* 
5o'a + 4V* 
4 V* 
IO 
227* 
22'* 
223/b- 
75 
8'/* 
7+i 
8'/?+ 
2815 16 
7*. . . 
65 I 32 I 32 I 32 

Yearly 
Sole* 
Net 
High lo w 
(hd».) High lo w la st Chg. 

2s* 
IU 
BTU Eng 
35 
2 
2'* 
2 U 
2U . . . 
14+* 
8’ a BadorM I 
5o 
9 
42 
13 
MV? 
13 
. . . 
' ' * 
6+B 
4U 
BakerM ,15e 
5 
IO 
4U 
A’B 
4U 4 
2o+* 
1o7* Balder Et .24 
9 
576 
2oU 
17U 
197*4 
2'* 
VB 
6s* BaldwS .32a 
8 
7 
6+ft 
7 
4 
+* 
18'* 
16+8 BanFd 
L ite x49 
! 7 'i 
17V* 
17'/? 4 
Vt 
2 
15 16 Bang Pun w t 
1o3 
IU 
IV? 
1U + 
Va 
14+b 
9+7 Banister .4o 
7 
561 
M U 
IO** 
M U 4 
IU 
A7* 
4.1.4 Banner 
o8 
9x381 
9U 
SU 
8 Va— 
Vt 
2+? 
V? 
B a rclay 
o4 
BarcoCa .12 
36 
7 
IU 
7 
4 
Va 
5+* 
2U 
IO 
85 
3+ft 
3 '* 
3 U 4 
V t 
3U 
3 '* 
BarnesE 
8 
3U 
3U 
3 U — 
Va 
IO 
77* B arnw l 
2oe 35 
52 
9U 
9 U 
9 ’B— 
VB 
57* 
4V? B a rryR 
16 
6 
135 
5'<i 
5 '* 
5'/?.. 
12+ft 
IO 
B a rryW r .44 
8 
87 
M U 
M U 
12U 4 
U 

V B 
3 
B arth So 
2o IO 
4o 
3'/* 
3'/? 
3V?.. 
’ ’/* 
V t 
I U 
B a rto n s 
18 
IU 
I U 
13*— 

V t 
I U 
B a ru c h F 
173 
2U 
7 Va 
2' ? 4 
U 
2 >* 
IU 
B a rw ick 
23 
IU 
VB 
W t— 
V t 
6'* 
4U 
B ehind 
o8a 
5 
193 
SU 
5 
5 
— 
Va 
2+4 
IU 
BelsctR .o6t 
5 l l 
IU 
W a 
IU — 
’B 
7+ft 
7+* Bnf St A 
.24 
6 
18 
7U 
7 U 
7 U .. 
7 + 4 
7'? 
BnfStB 
.24 
6 
IO 
7U 
7'/? 
7U . 
37* 
2 V* Benrus 
13 
125 
2*8 
K U '/* 
2' * — 
"Va 
3'? 
2U Berg 
En! 
15o 
43 
3 '* 
3 
3 
.. 
U 
7+ft 
5 
Bergen B 
5 
83 
5+* 
5 
5'.*— 
16+8 
13'? BrgB pf LIS 
8 
U U 
14 
14’* 4- 
V* 
3'ft 
2+* BernzO 
18 
2** 
2' i 
2V?— 
V* 
6' ? 
5 
Bertea 
U h 
8 
64 
5+ft 
5 '* 
5U4- 
Vt 
3U 
2U 
BervenC .o6 
96 
3 '* 
27* 
27/*— 
Vt 
47* 
3 
Beth Co lOe ., 
123 
47* 
4 
4 U 4 
Va 
3'ft 
2+* B e ve rlyE 
261 
3 
2U 
27/8. . 
"Va 
IS 
11+ft BicPen 
48 
9 
8o 
13U 
13V? 
13'/?— 
5'ft 
4 
BigDad 
6 l l 
4'ft 
4 
4 U 4 
Vt 
9+4 
7 
BigVSp 
3ob 
5 
4o 
9U 
BU 
9 U 4 
+* 
167* 
IS '* 
B inkM f la 
7 
18 
15U 
15'* 
15+*- 
'ft 
22 
U 7* BinnySm .8o 
9 
414 
21U 
18'* 
2o 
- 
IU 
1o+8 
5 U Blessnq 
.3o 
7 
117 
9U 
9 U 
9*8— u 
11+4 
7 Va Blount 
.3o 
5 
26 
87* 
8' i 
8*4 
U 
5U 
4+* Bod in Ap 
4o 2o XIA 
5 
W a 
47*— 
8 
6+ft Bolt Ber 
2o 27 
22 
7 '* 
6 Va 
6+ft— 
'* 
24’ 4 
15 
B ow Vall 
.44 39 
91 
17 
157* 
17 
4 
Va 
H U 
8+ft Bowne 
3o 
5 
33 
9 'i 
8 Va 
9 '* 4 
Vt 
9U 
7+? BradfdN .2o 
IO 
173 
7U 
7 Vt 
7U 
5 
4 
Branch 
2o 
5 
21 
4 '* 
AVA 
AVa— 
U 
9+8 
7 
B ra n ifA r wt 
5 
7U 
V t 
7 ' * - 
'* 
M U 
1o + 4 BrascanA 
I 
3 
258 l l 
1o+ft l l 
4 
',* 
28+4 
21'* 
BraunEn 
I 
6 
44 
28'* 
26’* 
28 
4 
IU 
7U 
4' ? BreezeCp 
23 
21 
4*4 
4'/? 
4U— 
'* 
11+ft 
9+* B re w e rC 
22 l l ' * 
1o*4 
1o+ft— 
V t 
3'2 
27a Bro D art 
2o 
6 
14 
3 'i 
3+* 
3 'i 4- u 
2+ft 
2 Va Brody Se 
IS 
4 
2'* 
7Va 
2Va— 
V t 
M U 
IO 
BrooksP 
4o 
5 
23 
IO7* 
IO'/? 
1oU 4 x t 
2U 
IU 
BrownCo wt 
12 
17* 
I 7* 
I 7* . . 
Va 
16 
13s* 
Bm FA 
.6o 
IO 
14 
16 
TSU 
15+/4- 
16+i 
13'? D rnF B 
.6o 
IO 
2o1 
16 
15U 
157*4 
V t 
5+4 
47e BrwnF pf.4o 
25 
5+* 
5 
5 
. 
' ' * 
5+? 
4 
B u ehle r 
5 
16 
4+* 
4 V* 
4 U — 
14'ft 
1H * 
Buell Ind 
4ob 4 
5 
12 
H U 
113*— u 
4 
3*8 Buildex 
5 
38 
3+* 
3U 
3+ft 4 
Va 
3+4 
2U B urgess 
8 
37 
3’ft 
3 
3 U — 
’* 
15'* 
13'* Buring 
I IO 
6 
3o 
13** 
13'* 
1 3 'i.. l l 
8+a Burnsln 
AO l l 
1o8 
8s* e+* 
8'/?.. 
14U 
97* Butler In 
5o 
5 
243 
13+S 
12' i 
12+ft— 'U 
38 
21U CK Pet 
2oe 27 
174 
35'* 
33'/? 
333*— 
V? 
4'ft 
Hft CDICp 
22 
49 
37* 
3U 
3+ft 4 
Va 
7'ft 
5' ? C H B F d 
3 
24 
6 
5+ft 
5+ft— 
Va 
IO 
6 
CH CCP 
24r 
12 
1o3 
IO 
IO 
IO 
3 16 3-32 C IM tq w t 
17 
'* 
U 
V t.. 
U 
3+8 
27* CM ICP 
9 
124 
3 
2 U 
3 
4 
2U 
I 7* 
C M T In d 
4 
2>? 
2*8 
2+*. 
8U 
63b CRSDes 
2o 
4 
4o 
7U 
7 Va 
7+*— 
"Va 
13'ft 
IO1 ? CSECp 
.64 
5 
2o 
13 
127* 
13 
4 
+* 
U U 
IOU CW Tran 
.5o 
5 
I l l l l l l 
4 
V t 
IOU 
57* Ca bl com 
9 
8 
IO '* 
IO '* 
IO'/*. 
Vt 
4+a 
3*b CagleA 
.15 
11J4 Caldor 
.25 
4 
2 
3+? 
3+* 
3 * * - 
14*8 
8 
125 
MT* 
13V* 
1 3 U .. 
5+9 
2+? Calcomp 
48 
3 
27* 
27/#— ■'* 
4+4 
3' 8 C alLife 
5 
28 
3U 
3 '* 
3 Va— 
'* 
18 
15'* Cal PrtC 
I 
8 
44 
16V? 
16 
1 6 'i . 
U 
8'* 
6 
Cameo 
81 
6+ft 
6 
6' * — 
315 16 3 
C aChbA 
158315 16 
3U 
3 U — 
'* 
5 s* 
4+a C a m p ln 
24 
4U 
4+* 
4'/?— u 
6** 
5 
CdnExp o5e 
6 
14 
5U 
5 
5’* — 
7* 
8 
5' V CdnHomO 
16 
42 
A7* 
SU 
5+ft.. u 
8+4 
7+a CdnHydr .25 
9 
IO 
83* 
77* 
8 
— 
2o' 2 
16+8 CdlnPA 
75j 
9 
223 
2oV* 
2o 
2o+* . 
41 16 
3+4 C d n M a rc 
2o l l 
44311 1637 16 
3'/?— 3 16 
I 4+b 
12' 
C d n M e rr l l 
37 
14'/? 
I 37* 
1 A’B 4 
'/? 
16** 
14 
CdnOcci 
54 
6 
13 
15 
14 
14 
— IV* 
43 
37 7b CdnSupO 
9 
74 
42*ft 
4 Hft 
4 Hft — I 
'* 
2U 
I 
C apetian 
29 
IU 
IU 
IU — 
37e 
2 '* CapitIRs 
6 
28 
2'ft 
2U 
2U . . 
3*4 
2+ft C apitlF d 
2o 
5 
SI 
3'ft 
3 '* 
3 'ft.. 
5+ft 
3U Caressa 
3o 
12 
88 
4 '* 
3U 
4 U 4 
’B 
78*ft 
66 
Carnet 1.8o 
12 
284 
67*ft 
66 
67** 4 
V t 
14*8 
13'* Caro Pi pl lb 
8 
3 
137* 
13U 
13U— 
Va 
62U 
57 
C aroP Lpf 5 z59o 
62 
AO'* 
61**4- 
Va 
5+ft 
J 
C arm i Ov 
33 
4Va 
4Vs 
AVa . 

Yearly 
Sales 
Net 
High lo w 
(hds.) High lo w la st Chg. 

17'ft 
IAU CastieAM I 
7 
I 
16+? 
16' ? 
16+?— 
V* 
18 + 9 
17+* CasFd L2oa 
28 
H U 
17'? 
I 7 + i.. 
3U 
IU Castletn 
18 
573 
3 
2+ft 
3 
- 
' +* 
19+8 
9*4 C a vilrn 
Me 
14 
184 
15U 
U U 
U U — u 
7 ’B 
H i 
C e llu C ft 
7 
18 
2 
1+ft 
2 
+ 
*8 
41 
38U CenM pf3.5o 
Z42o 
4o'/? 
39U 
4o+2+ 
Va 
51 
47' ? CenPLpf 
4 
275 
48'* 
48'ft 
48 Vft— I 
AU 
5U 
CentSec 5oe 
5o 
6 
6 
6 
— 
U 
6>* 
2 U 
CentryF 
32 
453 
AU 
3'/, 
6 
+ 
2' 
22*4 
1 2 'i Cenvill 
I 
IS 
35 
18'* 
18 
18'ft— 
Va 
23U 
22'? CerM pf 2 25 
37 
22 7* 
22'2 
22+?— u 
IU 
V * 
CertifCp 
4 
IV? 
I U 
IV?— 
+* 
IU 
+ft Certron 
17 
63 
1+8 
I 
I 
27* + 
" 'it 
27* 
1*4 CetecCo 
12 
284 
27* 
2U 
7’k 
5+* ChadMl 
.6o 
8 
2o 
7 '* 
7 
7+»+ 
+* i 
2+ft C ham pH o 
. 1164 
3 
2+ft 
2+ft— 
'ft 
A7* 
4 U 
C h a rtM d 
5 
32 
4 '# 
4+8 
4 U — 
U 
7'ft 
7 
ChrtM pl .75 
5o 
7 
7 
7 
— 
+* 
4+ft 
3V* Chem Ex 
5 
37 
4V? 
4+ft 
4 U + 
U 
28U 
24'* C hiR iv I 6oa IO l l 
25 
24'* 
24'/*— 
7* 
127* 
IO'# ChietDev 
12 
39 
IO7* 
IOU 
1o+*— 
Vt 
12U 
9 
C h ild W ld 
7 
37 
IO '* 
9+ft 
!o+ft + 
Mi 
A’B 
3 
Christna lOe 
6 
279 
3'/? 
3+* 
3+*— 
V* 
47 B 
3 + * C in e F ive 
12 
12 
33* 
3U 
3 U .. 
2*8 
IU 
Cineram 
17 
7 
2 
I Vt 
I 7* . 
12'B 
IOU CircleK 
.7o 
8 
95 l l 
IOU 
IOU— 
"v t 
9*4 
7+ft Citation 
4ob x4 
7*/« 
7+ft 
7+ft.. 
13 
BU CilyG sFI 
68 
6 
14 
H U ll* * 
11U + 
V? 
67* 
6 
C larm nt 
22 
6U 
6+8 
6+*— 
V* 
2*4 
2+4 C larke 
I De 
6 
9 
2U 
2+? 
2+i— 
'* 
13s B 
9 'b Clarkson .2o 
7 
43 
12+* l l V? l l ' i — u 

6 sb 
3' 7 Clarostat 
4 
31 
5'ft 
SU 
SVA. ■ 
■’* 
14*8 
H U 
Clausing 
I 
8 
4o 
137/s 
13’* 
13U+ 
8+8 
6U Ciopav 
.16 
5 
9 
8 
7 Va 
7+ft— 
3# 
19+8 
11U Coach rn .25 
5 
738 
13U 
H U 
13’* + 
+ 4 
J 
I 
Cohen Hat 
6 
5 
IU 
IU 
IU . 
3'ft 
2U 
Cohulnc . 12t 
13 
33 
2U 
2V? 
2U. 
18'b 
15+4 Colemn 
.68 
8 
156 
167/8 
15U 
167* + 
"Va 
5'* 
3 'i ColonCml 
87 
47* 
4U 
4U . . 
8'ft 
6 'i ColwellC HO 
5 
62 
7 
6+ft 
6+ft— 
■'* 
37 
34 
Cominco 
2 l l 
4 
34U 
34'* 
34 U — 
'.? 
2' ft 
I U ComGrp 
.14 
18 
2 
2 
2 
13’ ? 
9 'i ComAll 
3oa 
9 
13o 
13'* 
M U 
12+?— u 
13’ 8 
IOU Com M f I 
6ob 28 
27 
IO** 
IOU 
IO '*— 
V t 
6+ft 
4'/? Comd Int 
5 
HO 
AU 
6 
6 
— u 
H U 
9+8 CoPsyc 
3o 
ComPS 
1.62 
7 
117 
H U 
IO'# 
I I U . . 
19U 
18** 
J 
31 
19 le u 
18**— 
"Va 
15 
4 U Compac 
8 
6o9 
14U 
12** 
14 
— 
3* 
17 
5 
Com po In 
32 
28x18o 
17 
14+ft 
1 6 'i + 
IU 
2 7* 
1' ? Compo D 
7 
9 
2*8 
J Vt 
2 **+ 
’B 
IU 
I 
Complnst 
14 
I Va 
I 
1 U + 
V* 
2’ e ls 16 C o m plnv 
2o 
I U 
V * 
V * . . 
■'* 
IOU 
9 U Con ch rn .5o 
5 
35 
9*ft 
9U 
93*- 
6+* 
4+a ConcrdF 
89 
5 '* 
4U 
5 '* + 
'/ft 
12'? 
9 '* Condec 
3 
63 
1o+? 
9*/* 
1o'/?+ 
Vt 
4 7* 
3U 
C o nnllvC 
12 
9 
4 
37* 
4 
' ’B 
13'8 
IOU Conrock 
.6o 
7 
A 
127* 
12+ft 
12+ft— 
4 + 4 
4 
Conroy 
.14 
ConsOG 
I 
6 
IO 
4 Va 
4 '* 
4’* — 
Va 
12*8 
9*4 
8 
44o 
IOU 
9+ft 
1o7* + 
7* 
9 'b 
7U Cons Ref 
.6o 
9 
8 
8V? 
8+ft 
8 'ft.. 
V? 
7* C o n tM tl 
113 178 
I* * 
1+e 
1 ' * - 
"VA 
IU 
1'* ContTel w t 
89 
I** 
1'ft 
1**+ 
U 
17s B ll 
Cook Ind 2oe 
116 
IS7* 
13+8 
1 3 '* - u 
15+8 
127/o CookPV .1oi 
15 
2o 
13V* 
13 
13'-*— 
+8 
7’ 7 
5 
Coop Jar lOe 
5 
8 
6 
5*/* 
57*— 
Vft 
J V4 
27* Cordon 
16 
1o9 
3'ft 
3 
3+8— 
'* 
19 
15*8 CoreLb 
2oe 
9 
9 
167* 
16+8 
167*.. 
16 + 8 
11*4 Corenco .8o 
9 
2o 
16** 
15U 
16+* + 
' ? 
I?7* l l ’/* Cornelius .48 
9 
26 ll* * 
113* l l U - 
'* 
31U 
26 s* Corr Blk 14o l l 
192 
317* 
3o** 
317/8 + 
IU 

1 5 7 b 
157* Corr Blk wl 
I 
15U 
IS7* 
IS7* . . 
27b 
2 
C oscolnc 
IO 
2+4 
2U 
2 '*. . 
2+ft 
2+* Colt CP 
9 
2 '* 
7 ’B 
2 '* .. 
5 16 
U 
Cousins w t 
1o 5 16 5-16 5 16+ 1 1 6 
22s* 
1 6 'i CoxCC 
19 
37 
217* 
21V* 
21**— 
Va 
5+8 
3U C ram rE . 13t 
47 
52 
AVa 
4+8 
4'ft— 
*8 
19'? 
14+? Crom pt 
75e 
5 
7 
15 
14+ft 
14+ft— 
Va 
4o 
35' 4 CrosAT 1.2o l l 
29 
38+* 
37** 
37U— 
1 * 
7+ft 
6 U C row lM .5o 
5 
7 
7 
7 
+ 
'* 
34+4 
25+4 CwnCPt 6or 
5 
2o 
267* 
26’ i 
26U— 
3# 
6 + 4 
4+ft C ro w n e r 
5 
24 
57* 
5+* 
57* + u 

5 + b 
4+? Crown In .2o 
9 
3 
5*8 
5U 
5*8+ 
+8 
15U l l 
CrutcR 
36 36 
321 
12 l l 
11*ft + 
V t 
15'? 
M U C rvstlO 
4oc 
13 
189 
15'* 
14'? 
14+?— 
V t 
H U 
1o+8 CubicCp 
4o 
7 
217 
U 
13 
13’ ? ... u 
14+4 
127s C urticeB .8o 
5 
76 
14+ft 
I 3 + b 
1 4 '*+ 
5U 
4+ft C urtisM 15e 
4 
4 
4+? 
4+* 
4+2+ 
Vft 

D -b -F 

2 
13 16 'PCL l l 
34 
V a 
IV* 
1*4.......... 
6’ 7 
37b DWG 
49t 
4 
164 
4/4 
43* 
43*— 
'/a 
3'7 
2s# DamonC 
4 
15 
2+ft 
23a 
2*ft + 
'b 
9+? 
6+4 Damson 
22 
129 
7 '* 
6+4 
7’ a + 
Va 
28 
2o U Daniel 
18b 
9 
74 23’* 
22'a 
23'-*+ 
'4 
13'a 
93* Datapd lOe 
7 
439 
9+ft 
9+a 
93/4— 
'/* 
I Va 
7'8 DayAAin 2oe 
22 
423 
9V* 
8 'i 
B7* — U 
73a 
7Vi DeJurA ,1oe 15o 
9 
V B 
7*8 
7 U + 
'* 
I '7 
I 
DeRose 
21 
V « 
I 
I 
— 
' a 

Com plete nationw ide com posite p rices 

N e w 
Y o r k s t o c k s b ^ h s i v e in San Antonin 

Yearly 
H igh 
Low 

S - T - L 
Sales 
(bds.) High Law 

634 
5o*8 
137* 
4 4 '7 
14' a 
45'7 
1 3 'j 
38U 
734 
I7 U 
15' 4 
93/3 
1 2 '* 
4o' I l l ' * 
53’ 4 
16j -8 
43-8 
37 a 
7 ' 7 l l ' a 
153 8 
137a 
24 U 
5 ' 4 
B7* 
443.4 
18'? 
6 5 '? 
1434 
6U 
28 
2 5 '* 
2oJ 4 
934 
23'? 
56 
8 
9V? 
3 3 'a 
3 9 '* 
37* 
24 
9*8 
17' J 
1334 
69’ 4 
1 2'? 
3 8 ? 
19' 4 
7 '* 
19' 4 l l '? 
19 
93/4 
8o 
3 6'? 
IS** 
2 3 7 b 
2o'? 
54 
41'? 
71 
1 4'* 
3o’ * 
2 8 j 4 
69 
4o 
T H 
19 1b 
163* 
2 3 '* 
45 
2 3 '* 
143* 
191* 
173b 
4o 
793s 
TO7* 
197* 
V ia 
6*4 
1o3 s 
46'-4 
193b 
32 
19'/* 
16 
28' 4 
1234 
9 7 * 
24'? 
17'4 
2os* 
58' 7 
13b 
4o14 
37 
62J 4 
67* 
38'a 
27*« 
47 
. 2 5 '* 
1 o '4 
223 4 
15'? 
14 VB 
133b 
18'? 
39' 4 
43' 9 
143* 

2 9 3 b 
3o' ? 
22'? 
2 4 /s 
31' a 
42' 4 
43J4 
59s* 
89 
62 
83* 
73 8 
17'? 
35' ? 
2 4*8 
13 
497s 
9s* 
17 
63* 
IV * 
VV7* 
373* 
23s* 
K U U U 
3* 
61 
153* 
16V? 
12'? 
28'/4 
15 V* 
48 *a 
54 toe 
S</4 
247* 
1o3,4 
25 
49 
51 
25 

47* Satqdin 
o9o 7 155 
443,4 Safeway 2.2o l l 392 
9' ? SaqaCp 
.36 6 897 
36'? SUO AA in 1.3o 14 579 
12' ? St JoLtP 1.12 9 x41 
41 
StLSaF 
2 5o 9 
77 
117/a St P auls 
Ie xl5o 
3234 StRegP 1.64 IO 
488 
. . . . . 
. . . 
| n 

727 
684 
IO 
1o5 

6V* Satant 
.32 
14' ? Sambos 
.48 
8 
1334 SDieGE I 2o 
8 
7'4 SJuanR .991 
7 
93* S anders 
35' ? SFelnd 
2 
7 
93* SFelnd pf 5o .. 
42' ? S anFelnt 3o IO 
13' 8 SargtW el .6o 8 
33e SeulRE 
3 
SavAStp 
27 
6 
SavOnDr .2o 
7 
93* S avE IP 
.8o 
6 
14V* SavnEA 1.34 .. 
13 
SavEI pf 1.28 .. 
18'* SavBAA 
.3o IO 
334 Saxon 
8 

1472 
27 
932 
16 
171 
84 
91 
95 
IS 
35 
426 
513 

415 
225 
6 
69 
7 
131 l l 1544 
13 4452 
16 119o 
8 
574 
6 x66 

5+b Schaefer 
25 
113 
3 Hft SchrP lo 1.12 l l 531o 
127* SchtitzBr 68 
9 2177 
56 
Schtum b 8o 17 3445 
13 
SCOAIn 
8o 
5 
161 
S3* Scot Lad 
36 37 
64 
24s* ScotFet I 2o 
8 
88 
21V* Scott For 
84 
8 
1o8 
16's ScottPap 
76 
9 1o34 
8 
Scottys 
2o l l 
239 
2o 
Scovill 
1 2o 
7 
41o 
4934 Scovil pf2 5o 
7 
634 S cudder 
13 
172 
87* Scudd pf 83e 
218 
2 4 '* SeaC ont.25 8x494 
33 
SeabCL 
2 
6 
945 
23,* SeabWA ,22t 
2o' 2 Seagram 
8o 
7 '* Seagrv 
16e 
14s* SealPw 
8o 
11 
SearleG .52 
54 
Sears 
I 8oa 
734 Seatrain 
277* Sedco Inc .3o 
15s 8 Selgl.tz 
I 2ob 
47* SvcCplnt 
2o 
15'* Servm t 
.9o 
8’ ? Shakspre 4o 
16-a Sh ape! I 
IO 
6+b ShearH 
22e 
67 '4 ShellOil 3 2o 
31 
ShellT 
93e 
IV ? ShellrGI 6oa 
19 
ShllGI pf I 35 
17V* ShllGI pf L4o 
43 
ShllGI pf 
3 
33‘ e SherwW 2 2o 24 
6o 
ShrW pf 4 4o 
12 
SierrPac 
I 
24 
Signal 
I IO 
2334 Signal pf 
I 
5374 Signal pf 2 2o 
367* Signode I 2o IO 
57* Sim Prec 
18 
8 
163* Simm 
1.12 15 l l 
Sim pPal 
5o 12 1359 
19'? Singer 
,1oe 
6 1o15 
43'4 Singr pf 3 5o 
9o 
1734 Skaggs 
5o 
8 
126 
IOU Ski! ic p 
IO 
49 
13' J Skyline 
14' ? Sm ithAO 
31sb S m ithlnt 
7o' ? S m ifkln 2 2o 15 198o 
17 
Smith T r 
.6o 
5 
6o 
17 
Sm ucker 
IV * Sola Bas 
27* Sonesta 
8'b SonyCp 
37 
SooLin 
18'4 SCarEG I 56 
28'/? SCEG pf2 5o 
4 
17'? SoJerln I 56 
8 
41 
13 
Souldwn 
6o 
78o 
26 
Sdwn pi I 8o 
25 
97* SoestBk 
4ob 
9 
268 
7 
SoestPS I 371 8 
26 
21’ 8 SoCalE 
2 
6 1626 
153ft South Co I 46 1ox631o 163* 
183* SolnGE 
7 
63 
19'* 
K3b? U SON Res 
1.85 
7 

65 
127 
39 
142 
322 
995 
6o 
344 
14 
4 
3 
133 
Z48o 
7 
215 
8 481o l l 
53 
253 
134 
536 

.32 15 1198 
8o 
4x141 
52 IO 
661 

7 
33 
6o l l 1894 
12 
332 
o7e 18x6961 
3e 
6 
49 
9 
582 

5 U 
46 
IO3* 
44'* 
13 
443s 
127* 
36 
7 
IS3* 
14'a 
8'* 
1o3ft 
39s* 
IV * 
4 9'* 
15 
4 
3 '* 
6' A 
IO '* 
147* 
13V* 
22'/? 
4 ’ * 
73* 
33V* 
14 
6V * 
143« 
6 
26'/? 
22'* 
17 
93* 
21V? 
5o'/? 
7 
9 
323* 
38 
V B 
21'* 
9U 
15V? 
12 
573* 
12 V? 
3634 
16'* 
67* 
163* 
9s* 
187* 
7 
72'* 
36V? 
12'* 
19+b 
173/ft 
44 
34'* 
62 
12'? 
3o'* 
283 ft 
69 
373 ft 
63* 
17'? 
IV * 
213ft 
44 
18'? 
137* 
14 
15 
353 ft 
74'* 
17'? 
193# 
173* 
5’* 
93* 
447* 
19 
29'/? 
177* 
15 
273ft 
1oJ8 
8'/? 
24' ? 

47* 
4 5 '* 
9 '* 
4 V * 
12'/? 
43 
12'* 
34'/? 
63* 
15 
133* 
8 '* 
IO3* 
38' * 
IO'? 
46'? 
143* 
37/s 
3 
6 
93* 
14'? 
13 
2o'? 
33* 
73* 
3 V * 
127* 
6o 
133b 
53ft 
25'/4 
22 
16' a 
9 Va 
21 
5oV? 
63* 
87* 
31'/? 
36' 8 
27* 
2o'? 
8s* 
143ft 
I V * 
54 
IV ? 
353b 
153» 
63* 
16'* 
87* 
173s 
63ft 
6 9 'i 
35'* l l ' * 
19 
17'/? 
43 
333ft 
62 
12 
283 b 
27 
6634 
367* 
6 
16'/? l l 
2o3* 
433* 
18 
13'* 
13'* 
14'? 
33 
7oV? 
17 
19'* 
16 
5 
9 '* 
44 
18'? 
29'* 
17'/? 
14'* 
27 
IO' a 
BJ* 
2338 
IS3* 
183» 

Net lo s t Chg. 

5>/ft+ 
Va 
457/ft + 
Oft 
IO '*— 
3 ft 
42 
— 2’ s 
123*+ 
Va 
4 4 '*— V a 
12'?— 
Vs 
353b + V b 
67*— 
V* 
15'*— 
Vs 
137/ft- 
'ft 
8 '8 + 
'a 
1o*8— 
Va 
393ft— 
'b 
IO7* — 
3ft 
493ft+ 
3/s 
143* — 
V* 
37*.......... 
3 
.......... 
6'a .......... 
97*— 
Va 
143*— 
U 
131* — 
Vt 
2 2'? + V * 
4 '* + 
Va 
73*— 
I* 
3 3 '*+ 
Va 
137*+ 
Va 
613 ft— 
3/ft 
14'?+ 
Vt 
57/s.......... 
253ft— 
' ? 
22'*— 
Va 
165* 
9'/?+ 
2 1'*— 
5o'/?— I 
7 
9 
4 
313* + 
38 
+ 
33* + 
2 o **- 
9 '* + 
15'?+ 
117* 
573b 
12U + 
363j)— 
IS3* — 
63/ft— 
163*— 
8 U ~ 
187* + 
67/8— 
'* 
72 
+ 2'? 
36'/?+ V/? lV /e + 
1/8 
193*+ 
Va 
173*+ 
Va i i 
+■ 
Va 
3 4 '* + 
'ft 
62 
.......... 
123 ft 
. 
293* + 
7* 
28'/?+ V? 
V? 

Va 

3g 

2V* v? 
Vt 

Vs 

I 

67 
37 
6U — 
173*+ 
1134 + 
21'/? + 
433ft. . 
18 
— 
137* + 
13*8— 
143i + 
34* i — 
723»— 17* 
17 
— 
3ft 
19 Va— 
Vt 
1 7 '*+ Vs 
5 'b.......... 
93* + 
3* 
44'/ft— 
3ft 
187* 
29+7— 
177* . 
15 
+ 
273* + 
IO '*— 
8+?-. 
24'/? + 
157/8- 
18s* - 

 v? 

Va 
V s 

V t 

7* 

542 
53 Va 
51Vft 
51'*- 

36'8 SONE Tel 
3 
323ft Sou Pac 
2 24 
55 
SouRy 
2 32 
6 'ft SouRy pf 5o 
3o' ? So Un Co I 92 13 
21V* Soutlnd 
6o IO 
36 
SouRoyt 
68 17 
2o’ ? SwtBksh 
I 
8 
8 
SwstFor 
.2o 
8 
2o7* Sw tFI pf 1.5o 
13'* SwPbSv I IO 
9 l l 3* S prtnFd 
28 
5 
97* Sparton 
.4o 
7 
153b SperryH 
I 
7 
36 
S prryH pf 
3 
33'? SperryR 
127* Spring AA 

9 
67 
8 1192 
9 
731 
117 
276 
647 
177 
164 
22o 
27 
9 
778 
5 
67 
7 
43 
7 
144 
8 
8 31o6 
8 
58 
24 
SquarD 1.2o 14 
422 
25 
Squibb 
96 l l 1o27 
16' ? Staley 
I 
7 
178 
23 
St Poor 192a 
127 
25 
St Brand I 28 l l 115o 
3os* SIBP ain! 48 15 
377 
383* StdOilCI 2.2o 
7 3338 
4934 S tO illnd 2 6o 
8 3o83 
73' ? StOilOh I 36 26 1972 
583* SOCH' pf3 75 zlO 
7 
StdPress 
4o 14 
118 
63* StdPrud 
66 l l 
153ft Standex 
85 
28J4 StanW 
I 12 
22^8 S te rre tt 1.12 
113a St a AA Se 
I o5 
4o*4 StaufCh I 8o 
77b Slerchi 
.56 

228 
32 
373 
22 xlo6 
513 
7 
19 
1314 SterD rug 
7o IO 2218 
4 '* S teriP re 
.12 
93* Sterndnt 
4o 
16'* StevenJ 1.2o 
5 
33'* StewWa 1.96 
8 
2o' a StOkVC 
I 2o 15 
IV * StOkVC pf I 

38 
36'* 
58 
63* 
34'/? 
2 2 '* 
393# 
237* 
9'/ft 
21'* 
133* 
123ft 
I V * 
18’* 
38'* 
343# 
14 
277* 
26'? 
19'ft 
243 ft 
26'* 
333* 
4o' j 
533/« 
88'? 
61'? 
8 
67* 
16'* 
34 
23'* 
12 
4 27* 
9'? 
W B 
47 * 
I V * 
17'* 
34 
22 

37 
343* 
56'? 
63* 
33'/? 
21'* 
38'* 
233ft 
83* 
2o7* 
133* 
I V * 
1o7* 
173* 
377* 
33'? 
133* 
27'* 
25 
IB7* 
237* 
25 
3o s* 
3 9'* 
53 
86' ? 
61'/? 
7 Va 
6 'B 
IS7* 
327 * 
223* 
113* 
4o'* 
91,ft 
133ft 
4'/? 
IO'? 
16'* 
3 3 '* 
21'/? 

377*+ 
357* + 
577/*— 
63ft 
34'/*— 
22'* + 
39'*— 
233ft- 
9 
— 
21'*— 
133* + 
123ft + 
1134 + 
18 
+ 
'* 
3 8 '*+ 
Va 
34'*— 
3# 
133/ft— 
1/8 
27'/?— 
3ft 
253*— lift 
187*— 
Va 
24 
253*— 
3 V *— 
4o'/? + 
533* + 
87’ * + 
61V? . 
7 7 *- 
63*— 
16'* + 
333* + 
23 
117* + 
42J* + 
93ft. . 
14 
4'/?— 
IO1?— 
167/a— 
33'/?— 
22 

'* 
23 ft 

Va 

Vt 

Vt 

3ft 
I 
3* 
3* 

Z1o7o 
12'* 
I V * 
I V * — 

IIH 

S33* StoneW 
2.5o 
12' i StonCon 
6o 
15'* SlopShop 
I 
IO 
StorTec .67t 
2234 S tore/B 
I 
12s* S tridR ite 92 
383ft SfuWor 
I 68 
43' ? StuW pf I 4o 
88 
StuW pf 
5 
3'/? SuavSho 
19' ? SubPrG 
8 '* Sucres* 
19 
SunChm 
4o'ft SunCo 
417* SunCo pt2 25 
19'/? Sun bm 
1.o8 
T U - 
1 9o 

.2o 
1.2o 
.5o 
.4o 
2 

194 
3o 
54 
222 
726 
34 
978 
5 
5 
4 
175 
7x2o2 
167 
1o9 
461 
326 
372 
9So 

6o3a 
133* 
IS7* 
IO Vt 
2334 
143a 
463ft 
51 
1o3 
37* 
217* 
97* 
22'* 
443a 
46 
2o3* ip 

58'* 
5 9 '*— IU 
13 
13'*— 
Vft 
15'* 
15U— 
Va 
IO 
1oU + 
V* 
223ft 
23 
- 
7 * 
14'* 
14'/?— 
Va 
44 U 
46 
+ 
7B 
4 8'* 
51 
+ I 
1o3 
1o3 
+ 
I 
3U 
3 3 ft- 
' 8 
19+2 
2 H * + 
IV? 
9 'ft 
9U + 
Vt 
2o'* 
2 2 '* + u 
43+* 
433*— u 
447* 
4 5 '*— 
7* 
19U 
19+i— u 
W B 
37' V 
'ft 

Yearly 
High lo w 
57 
16'8 
2434 
258 
8'? 
223 ft 
7sb 
19’ a 
19s a 
41'4 
14' 4 
6' ft 
IOU 
39 
8V 
791 , 
33’ 8 
63b 
IO'? 
13'B 
2o' 4 

25e 
5 
1oe 75 

48 
Sunds pt3 SO l l 
SunsAAg 
14r 88 
21' a SuperVal 66 IO 
18o 
SuprOil 18o 14 
6U SupmkG .3o 
5 
167b Suprscp 
6' 8 SutroMt 
15J8 Swank la 
7 
16s a Sybron 
84 
9 
37 
Sybrn pf2.4o 
8'» Sycor 
7 
S U S ystro n 
8 
T R E C p 
12 
34'J TRW In 
I 6o 
9 
81 
TRW pf4.4o . 
7378 TRW pf4.5o 
263ft T a ftB rd 
I 
8 
4'/? T a lc o !* 
19 
8’ b Talley 
6o 
5 
IV ? Talley pf 
I 
173e Tam pE l 1.12 1ox652 
427,b 
27j 4 Tandy 
16 
12'? 
4334 
9 
13 
68'? 
3o'? 
67* 
7o 
1o3 
9'b 
33a 
37'ft 
138 
17'? 
31 
3o 
39'ft 
42 
283 ft 
3Va 
49 
49 
16'B 
1o2U 
I Va 
33 
4o 
22 
3 Va 
55U 
53* 
29 
343* 
26 
237* 
4os a 
123ft 
18U 
97-a 
22'a 
23s* 
13’ ? 
38'ft 
23 
547b le u 
9 
173 a 
26 
26' 4 
12'* 
7s* 
137* 
3734 
39’ g 
12'; 
1 9 '* 
15U 
111 
24'ft 
197* 
IV b 
1o7 
99'? 
28'? 
12sB 
2338 
37 
43 
22s* 
33' ? 
13* 
IO’ ? 
19'* 
267* 
3V a 
15sb 
12' 4 
173ft 
24' 7 
24Vft 
27U 
26'? 
2o' a 
3 V * 
15'? 
23* 
173/4 
39 
67'? 
45'? 
223ft 
133* 
33 
55 7» 
137e 
66s a 
623a 
9 
734 
16'? 
53 
31 
93 
57* 
59'* 
76Jb 
58'? 
2oJ a 
1o1* 
89’ ? 
IO' b 
147b 
U U 
3o'? 
IS’ ? 
143* 
27 s* 
25’* 
28 
18'/? 
6 
137* 
13'8 
4o3 ft 
43ft 
I3sa 
18' 8 
547b 
353 b 
26j b 
28’ b 
83# 
SU 
123*1 
4 
77 

11'ft T and y e ti 

Soles 
(bds.) High lo w 
22 
55' ? 54 
419 
15» ft 
316 
24 
15o 191 
121 
7 
14o 
177* 
7o 
63ft 
17+8 
19'* 
38'* 
9 '* 
6V* 
8"? 
37 V? 
85 
79'? 
29V* 
5 
83* 
12V* 
18’ a 
3V? 
123ft 
IO'? 
39 
87* tov* 
59 
3o 
538 
697* 

212 
359 
22 
279 
76 
277 
1551 
37 
21 
256 
48 
181 
61 

7 5o17 
6 
255 
2o1 
782 
383 
71o 
349 
2 
387 
6 2614 

2421o33 l l 
251 
8 1884 
4 
9 2321 
5o9 
8 75o5 
155 
8oo 
97 
24 
187 
I 
66 

93* Tappan 
.24 
9 
32' ? Technicr .4o 
8 
5'ft T ech nics 
18 
9 
T ech nicn 
9 
56' ? Tektronx .6o IS 
29Jft Tektronx w i .. 
43ft Telecor 
3o 
53+8 Teledn 1.451 
92 
Teledyn pf 6 
16 1o3 
634 T elprm t 
2Va Telex 
3V ? Tennco 
I SR 
118 
Tennc pf5.5o l l ' * Tesoro 
I 
2338 Tesor pf2 16 
2534 Texaco 
2 
33' ? TexCom I. IO IO 
363ft TexE st 
1.85 
9 
263ft T xE T pf2 4o 
3o 
T xE T pf2.87 . 
4134 T e x G s f 
2 
8 
42 
TxGs pf I 5o 
14' ? Texlnd lb 16 
75s* Tex Inst 1.32 
18 2o36 
8s* Tex Int 
15 1176 
25'? TexOGs 
2o IO 
86o 
28'ft T xP cLd 35e 19 
89 
187a Tex U til I 4o 
8 23oo 
27'ft Texsglf 
I 2o 13 
66o 
49' ? TexgTf pf 
3 
3 '* T e xfiln d 
25 
Textron 14o 
31 
T e xtr pf 2 o8 
227/a T extr pf 1 .4o 
19'* Thiokol 
84 
33 
Thom Bet 
I 
IO 
Thom ln 
.44 
15’ * ThomJW .8o 
83* T h rifty 
.48 
177* Ti cor 
LIO 
163ft TidwtAAr 
6o 
IO'* T ig e rln t 
.5o 
32 
T im elnc I 3o IO 
2o 
TimeAAir .8o IO 
5o 
T im kn 
2 2o IO 
16 
Tishm an 
25 
51/? TobinP 
15e 
8' ? Todd Ship 
24V* TolEdiS 2.12 
9 
24’ ? TolEd pf2 21 
97ft TonkaCp 
48 
8 
6s* TootRol .4ob 
9 
1oJ* Tracor 
2o 6 
3V ■* Trane 
I o8 IO 
3438 Tran Un 1.76 
9 '* TW A 
17 
TW A p t 
13'* Transam 66 
IOO 
Trans pf4.5o 
22'/* Tran I ne 1.9? 
17 
Transco 
I 
8' ? Transcn 
.52 
IDI 
TrG P pf IO 32 
9V 4 TrG P pf8 64 
26’ 4 TrG P pf2.5o 
93ft TranO hF .28 
21 
Tranw y 1.4o 
3o 
T ra v lrs 
I 28 1ox2o82 34V 
37 
T ra v e lr pf 2 . x31 
4o '* 
2o' a TriR on 2 ll 
31'/? TriC n pf2.5o 
V * TriSoAA 
9 
T ria n ln d 
Id's TriaP ac 52e 
VV* T rin ty ln 
8o 
26'* Tropican SO 16 
14 
TucsnG I o8 
97* T wen Cen .5o 

7 
23b 
33’ a 
121 
127a 
253b 
W B 
343* 
4o'/* 
277/e 
31s* 
45s* 
443a 
16 
BO7* 
1o 
27'a 
39 s* 
193* 
28'? 
SOU 
4'a 
263 ft 
313* 
24^4 
2 V b 
35' ? 
U U 
16* a 
8 7* 
2o'4 
21+4 
11 
34 7* 
22'4 
54s* 
18' a 
8s4 
173a 
25'? 
253* 
IOU 
63ft 
IV * 
353* 
363* 
93/4 
187/e 
14 
I 1o1'* 1o V * x l 15 
227* 
22' a 
9x1714 193* 
6 
2oo 
9 '* 
Z37o 1o4 
Z26oo 
99 
. 
165 
27'* 
4 
2oo 
123a 
7 
293 
23'ft 

178 
161 
766 
26 
19 
191 
2o6 
36 x34 
128 
343 
347 
6o3 
275 
546 
396 
451 
233 
265 
215 
6 
71 
IO 
98 
2o9 
497 
4 1535 
24 
7 2463 

143* 
23 V? 
18o 
634 
17'* 
63 ft 
163ft 
173* 
37'* 
8 '* 
57* 
8 
363a 
83' 'a 
78'* 
263ft 
4V? 
B's 
I V * 
173* 
273/« 
12U 
93* 
35' a 
8 '* 
9 
573* 
3o 
43* 
633* 
99 
63-4 
23* 
323* 
119'? 
IV * 
233ft 
26 
33'? 
363 ft 
273/4 
3 V * 
441/4 
443b 
153* 
75+ft 
83* 
25'? 
3634 
187-e 
27'* 
49'* 
37/e 
26 
31 
237* 
2o3* 
34 
1o3* 
153* 
83 a 
19'* 
2o 
IO '* 
33 
21'* 
53'* 
18 
77* 
14'* 
25' a 
25V* 
97* 
63a l l V? 
343* 
343* 
9Va 
18 V* 
133* 

Net lo s t Chg 
55’ ?+ 2 
15 
+ 
'* 
237*+ 
B 
182 
- IO 
7 
+ 
'* 
W a .......... 
63 A.......... 
167/e— 
V? 
187*+ 
V t 
38 
. .. 
9 '* + 
3,4 
57/e- 
'/* 
8 
— 
V t 
36'/?— I 
843ft— IV? 
78’'?— 
'* 
273*- 
3* 
4 '* — 
Vt 
83*.......... 
1 2 '*+ 
3* 
177*.......... 
2 8 3 * - 23* 
1 2 '*— 
'a 
IO'/*— 
3# 
38 
— I '* 
8 3 * ............ 
93* — IU 
573ft— 13# 
3o 
+ 
U 
53*— 
Va 
673*+ 3 
1o1 
+ 
3A 
7 '* + 
' t 
23*+ 
V# 
3 3 '*+ 
V* 
121 
— I 
123*+ 
12 
25' a + I 
267*+ 
1 /j 
3334- 
Va 
W t — 234 
273ft.......... 
3 1 '*+ 
'ft 
453*+ V * 
443#-— 
3ft 
157/B+ 
Va 

Vt 

443 
6 
47 
17o 
67 
196 
214 
8 1422 
8 1777 

2Vb 
32U 
13 ft 
91 j 
19 
25 
27 3 , 
15+4 
113* 
15' a Tw inD s 
.8o 
7 
68 
16 
17 
TycoLab 
4o IO 
359 
2o7/a 
2o3a T y le rC p .6o 7x267 
22s* 
19' ? UAL Inc 
6o 
12 2135 
21'* 
2o'4 UAL pf 
4o 
W a UGICp 1.4o 
7 
287* UGI pf 
2.75 . 
133e UAACInd 
I 
8 
I '* UAAETTr 
IS7* UOP 
6o 
9 
31 Va U V Ind 
2 
5 
62'ft U VIn pf 5 5o 
363* U VIn pf I 26 
19 
UARCO I 3o 
7 l l 
Unarco 
6o 
4 
28'ft U n iLt 
76e 
6 
47'ft U niN V 3.33e 
7 l l 1* UnBancp 84 
6 
573a UCamp I 8o 
13 
54 
UnCarb 2 8o 
8 2884 
7Va UnCm rce 
14 
126 
53a Union Cp 
12 
295 
15 
UnElec 
I 36 9 1o33 
5o 
Un El pf 4 5o z28C 
29' a Un El pf 2 72 
86' ft UnEI pf 
8 
4^8 U n F id e l 
6 
So3i. UnOCal 2 2o 
7 
65' 2 UOCa pf 2 5o 
48 
U Pac Cp I 7o 13 2964 
IS7* Un Pac pf 47 
5 
9'b U niroyal 
5o l l 1o33 
82'8 U n irya l p f8 
Z49o 
8 
U n B ra n d 
7 
17o 
12V? U nBrnd pf A 
56 
1o 
UnitCp 
8oe 
25'* UnEnR s I 72 
11 
UFinC al 
4o 
U U UnGrntV 
253a u Iliu m 2 44 
23U U n tllu pf2 2o 
19'8 U n itin g 
.7o 
9 
13j b U n it In pf 42 
4sa U n itln n 
14 
6 
12' a U JerB k 1.o4 
8 
9U UmtAAAA 
3V * U nN uclr 
12 
2U UnPkAAn 
2 
1o3/4 UnRefg 
56 
6 
1534 USFoS I 26e 
47U USFidG 2 76 
8 
323* USFidG vyi 
23' 4 USGyps 1.6o 12 
26 
USGy pf I 8o 
6 38 USHom 
.16 
8 
6'? USInd 
4o 
8 
93a USLeasg 
4o 
5 
23a USRty 
USShoe I TO 
7 

4 
51 
Z 76o 
155 
93 
592 
164 
5 
3 
43 
82 
I 
1644 
431 
695 

24 
I 
47 
1723 
18 

363 
6 
411 
5 
685 
6 
196 
B 
82 
Z224o 
9 
1o4 
2 
6 
76 
B 
71 
256 
883 
151 
229 
1o1 
717 
18 
723 
21 
457 
649 
445 
191 
1oo6 

2o3* 
17'? 
3os* 
143* 
I 7* 
16'* 
373* 
63 
43 
2o'* 
12'* 
313* 
557* 
12'a 
613a 
553ft 
87* 
57* 
153* 
52 
297* 
89 
5'? 
52'* 
661' ? 
54 
18' ? 
93* 
87 
8 '* 
127* 
IO'* 
28 3* 
IS '* 
13'* 
263* 
24' * 
273# 
17 
5 '* 
12+4 
9 3 , 
383* 
27* 
13'* 
16'* 
54+s 
353* 
243* 
263a 
73e 
7 l l ' * 
33* 
? *'* 

IS7* 
83* 
1o2 
97'* 
27’ a 
IV * 
22'* 
32' 2 
39' ? 
2o3* 
3 V * 
13* 
9 '* 
18+b 
24 
26s* 
143* l l 
15'* 
19'* 
2 V * 
2o' ft 
2o3ft 
W e 
3o 
133* 
V * 
IS '* 
36'? 
62'* 
43 
197* 
IP * 
313* 
533ft 
IV * 
6o'S 
54 a3* 
5+8 
15'* 
51 
29 s* 
89 
4 7* 
5o3* 
65'* 
52 
18'? 
9U 
SS3* 
BV* 
123a 
IO '* 
26+4 
137* 
123* 
26 
24'* 
26 
17 
47* 
12'ft 
9 '* 
37'* 
2i* 
123* 
15+4 
51 v? 
343a 
23'? 
26 
7 Va 
63 ft 
1o+4 
3+ft 
?1S* 

Va 

93ft + 
3# 
263ft— 
Va 
367*— 3 
19'ft— 
'* 
27' a— V * 
493* — I 
4 
- + 
' * 
26'*— 
Vs 
31 
— 
3g 
24 — V 8 
21'*— 
+8 
35'?+ 
Va 
1o3*— 
+B 
IS7* 
83* 
2 o V *+ 
Va 
21 
H 
+ 
3a 
3 4 7 * + 1 
21'/?— 
'* 
53’* — I +B 
18 
— 
'* 
83*+ 
3/4 
17+8+ 23b 
25' ?+ 
Va 
25 Va— 
’ * 
1 o 'ft+ 
+8 
6 3 * - 
V* ll'/? — 
Vt 
35'*— 
1* 
35'*— V * 
9 ' * — 
3* 
1 8 '* — 
3* 
14 
+ 
Va 
1 o 1 '* + V * 
2 2 3 * + 
3a 
19’* + 
Vt 
9 '* + 
'* 
1o2+4+ V B 
98 
+ 
3/4 
27’ * — 
+* 
1 2 3 *+ l/4 
23 '/a + 
Va 
333*+ IU 
4o ’ ft + I 
2o7/*— 
3* 
3V/a— 
3* 
13* 
9 '* 
19 
+ 
'B 
24 Va— 
Va 
267/b- 
U 
143*— 
V t l l ' * - 
Va 
16 
+ 
3* 
19+4— I ' * 
2 2 3 * + 
5* 
21Ve+ 
Vt 
2o+i.......... 
17V?........... 
3o1,2— 
1/4 
14'*— 
'a 
I s* ........ 
163*+ sB 
367/*—- 
'* 
63 
+ 
+4 
43 
2 o '*........ 
123*. 
. 
313*+ 
'* 
5534+ 2+8 
1 2 '/*+ 
' ? 
61'/?+ 
+4 
543ft— 
U 
8 3 * - 
Vt 
57/e 
IS3* - 
U 
5 V/?— 
'? 
2938 
89 
+ IU 
5 '? + v? 
52' 4 ........ 
66V?-— 2 
537*+ 1+8 
18'/?- 
Vt 
9+8- 
'n 
87 
+ 
V? 
8'ft— 
'* 
123# - 
I* 
1o'ft . .. . 
28 3 a + 
7/a 
153*+ 
+4 
127/*- 
*# 
26 
— 
Va 
24'*— 
Vb 
27'*— 
'? 
17 
— I*/? 
47/s— 
V* 
1 2 '*........ 
9+*— 
Va 
38'*— 
' ? 
2 7 * + 
1* 
13'ft + 
3# 
1 6 '* 
541.4 
35+8 
2 4 '* ............ 
26'?+ 
'a 
7 3 *- 
Va 
*7 *........ 
U +8+ 
3ft 
33*+ 
Va 
733.4 — 
I/, 

Yeorly 
Soles 
Ne* 
High to w 
(hds.) High lo w la st Chg. 
31'8 
243ft USTobC 1 4o 12 
138 3o 
28V? 
2 9 ^? - 
'B 
39 
34's Un Tech 1 8o 
7 2928 383* 373* 
3 8 '*+ 
+* 
't74 
155' 4 UnTch pf 8 
62 171 
168 
17o'/?+- 3V? 
121 i i HOU UnTch pt7 32 .. 
9117' ? U 6'ft 117 
+- 
3,4 
197b 
177* UniTel 
I 2o 
9 1o83 18s* 18'* 
IS1? 
4 
27'* 27'8 27'*— 3* 
37 
23 
223* 23 
+ 
Va 
~ 
7 
63 ft 
67*........... 
88 
97* 
9Va 
93*— 
Vt 
61 
21’ a 
2o U 2o7/8+ 
' 
91 
327* 313* 32 
I '* 

29 
26s* 
UniTI pf I. SO 
24' ? 
22'ft UniTI 2pf I 5o 
77b 
6sb U nitrod 
.1o 8 
1o7 l l 
9 
U nivar 
.56 6 
22+4 
197* Un iv Fds 
1.12 8 
337* 
29+S UnLeaf 
I 88 
8 
38; b 
31 
Upjohn 
1.o8 12 1822 32 
31 
31V?. 
18' 8 
14'? USL I FE 
.4o 
6 128o 
15'? 
14'? 
5+*+ +4 
12'? 
H U U siiteF 
.96. 
91 
IV * ll * * 
H 7*-*- 
4 
45+ 8 
39+8 U tehP L 3.12 IO 599 
433* 
42Jft 433*+ a 
34+8 
313b U tPL pf 2.8o .. 
54 
33'* 33'* 3J'*+- Va 

 v - w 
- x 
22'8 
183B VFCp 
LIO 
9 "274 21 
2o3a 
2o+*— 
V t 
2Vb 
17U VSICorp 
8o 
6 x 89 2o'* 
19 
2o+8+ +» 
938 
7 
V a lle y s 4o 19 
395 
9+b 
9 
9 '* + 
Vs 
19'a 
1434 Varian 
.28 13 12o3 19 
18'e 
187*+ 
'b 
9U 
7 '* V arolnc 
2o 
5 1o53 
9’/? 
8'* 
9+8+ 
V t 
5 7e i ?e Vendo 
117 
5' ? 
5V* 
5'/4— 
V* 
4+8 
3'ft Venice 
2o 22 
52 
33* 
3 '* 
3>*. 
14/e 
13+4 Vest Se 1.31e 
23 
153b 
113-4 

2oe 
12 
595 
133a 
12'? 
13 
15+ft Vetco 
9'/? Viacom 
7 
V ictorC 
.2o 12 
348 l l ' * 
15se 
14 
VaEPw I 24 
8 2466 
15 
48'? 
45'/? VaEP pf4 o4 
5o 
45 
VaEP p<4 2o 
57 
52' ? VaEP p f4 8o 
6o 
54'? VaEP pf 
5 
89 
85 
V aE P pf7.72 
1o1' ? 
97’ ? VaEP p t8 84 
1o83ft 1o2+ft VaEP pf9 75 
313ft 
3oU VaE P pf2 9o 
89 
85 
VaE pfJ7 72 

1o8 
14'a 
13+i 
133ft— 
8x657 
19+a 
17'* 
18’ ? + 

 l l 
I V * — 
V* 
+* 
14V? 
15 
Z3oo 
453* 453a 
453*+ '* 
ZUO 
47' ? 46' ? 
47 
— I 
Z79o 
55'* 523* 
541/4 + l + ft 
Z24o 
56+« 55 
56 
+ 
Va 
Z373o 
88'* 87'* 
88'* + I 
ZUO 
99'/? 98'/? 
99V?+ I 
Z6oo 1o6'/? 1o53* 1o6'/?+ 
Va 
68 
31V? 31 
3 1 '*+ '* 
Z35oo 
883* 87 
87'*— '? 
82' ? 
79 VaEP pf7.2o 
. Z158o 
82'* 
8oV? 81 '*— 
85' ? 
81’ a VaEP pf7.45 
Z211o 
843ft 
83+2 83' 2........... 
6+a 
4S8 Vornaoo 
163 1o9 
47* i 7/e 47*............. 
27+8 
213a VulcnAA I IO 7 
37 
23’ ? 
22'/? 23' ?+ 
Va 
56 
48'4 
WabR pf4 SO 
Z4o 49 
49 
49 
21 
16U Wachova 
54 9x349 
17 
16'* 
17 
+ 
5634 
45 Wach pf 2 2o 
. x9 46 
45 
46 
+ 
4U 
3+4 W achR ty 
72 
37* 
3+ft 
33*— 
15+b 
12 
WalAAart 
IO 
IO 6o8 13 
12 
12 
— 
W a 
147b W algrn 
LIO 
7 
76 153* 
TSU 
15'?— 
287a 
25 W lk rA 1.4oa 
8 
115 2538 25 
25'?.. . 
21+b 
1738 
W all Bus 
66 7 
32 17+ft 
17+* 
17+a 
26'a 
2oU 
Wall AAU 1 2o 4 
9o 25'* 
24 
39+b 
29+ft W alt Jim 1 2o 8 1285 33'* 32 
12' ? l l ' ? W altJ pf 
I 
.. z22o 12 
42+b 
32+4 W altJ pf I 6o 
6sb 
5 
W ardFd 
47t 
9+ft 
6' ? W arnaco 
22 
17+4 Wrnc pf 1.5o 
32'4 
28' 1 W arns 
1.2o l l 
3o'a 
26+4 WrnCom .8o 
7 
59'? 
52 
WrnC pf I 25 
87e W m er Co .6o 
9 

327 
36 
18o 
143 
6+4 
838 
64 
21'/? 
19 

_ — '* 
25 
+ 
3* 
327/8+ va 
IV ? 
IV ? — 
’ ? 
35+a 
3 5 + *- 
?-e 
57* 
S7 a.......... 
8 
8 + 
19 
2+. 

1o78 
3 1 34 

168 3 2 
3o3ft 31V; 
789 29+a 
283a 287'e— 
U 
I 573* 
573* 57s* - V B 
9+? 
9 '* 9+8 + 
4 4 
25U W arnrL LIO 13 2989 
263s 25s* 
2 6 '*+ 
23' ? 
21 
WashGs 2 o8 
8 
2o34 
16U WashNat 8o 
7 
35 
33i2 wasN pf2 5o 
22' 4 
18' 1 WashSti 
I 
8 
25sa 
2oU WasWat 176 
7 

69 23 
22+8 
2 2 3 *- 
5o 18+ft 
173* 
18'ft 
4 33'? 33'* 
33+? + 
5o 2o’ft 19 
19+?— 
126 23'b 22'* 
223 ft. 
15+4 12 
WasteAA 
2o 12 
574 
15+4 
14'? 
15U + 
Vt 
24+4 18U W atkinJ 
.32 14 
131 
23+s 
22'a 233*— 'ft 
7 + 4 
6'8 
6'/» WayGos 
.48 14 
438 Wean Un lOe 5 
18+8 
13sa Wean pf I 26 
IOU 
8+4 W eathrd .5o 
6 
5 
1o3ft 
8 
W ebb Del 
14 
271 

63# 
6s# 
6's 
5' ? 
6’* - 
5 U - 
14'* 
13s* 
133*— 
V? 
9U 
834 
9 
8+# 
27' 1 
24 + 4 WeisAAkt 
82 
9 
39 
26U 
26 

9' ? + 
8 ' ? - 
2 6 '*- 
287s 
26 
W ellsFq 1.12 
8 129o 
28'ft 
27'* 
277/a— 
Va 
13'ft 
57 
41 
27 + 4 
1o+9 

9' ? Wei I FAA ,67e 16 
299 
13'ft 
12 
13+4+ 
7B 
S i 
W tP P pf4.5o 
33se W tP tP e 2 4o 
7 
26+4 W stctTr I 94 
9 
8 
W n A irL .4oa 
7 
3o'? 
26U WnBnc 15o 
7 
18+ft 
14+b WnNoA 
4ob 
7 
19 
14 
W nPacln 
5 
19 
17 
W nPubl 
.88 
7 

76o 54' ? 54' ? 
54' ?— 
Vt 
2oo 
34+ft 
333# 
337*— I 
I 27+4 27+ft 
273 ft + i/4 
312 
83# 
8’ a 
8U + Va 
548 28+e 27+4 
28'ft+ 
Vs 
151 16+8 16 
167 e— 
'a 
222 183# 17'? 
18+8 + 
411 
18’/? W ? 
17V; 
2o'? 
17+s W Un ion I 4o 
8 
388 
18 
17V? 
17+s— 
7 
5o+? 5o’* 
5o+? + 
5 
54+? 54 
54'?— 
132 
123* 
12+* 
12+8 . 
45 
26'* 26 
26 
— 

53' ? 
5o 
WnUn pf4 6o 
57+? 
54 
WnUn pf 4 9o 
123a 
12' j WnUn deppf 
— 
257a WUTI pf2 56 

2 3 # 

27+ft 
_ _ 
21+a 
16+4 W esfggl 
97 81663o 
21+s 
19'* 
21+8+ V * 
SOU 
46U Westg pf3 8o 
.. ZUO 5o+? 
SOV? 
5o' ?+ 1+8 
I '.*13 16 W estm or 
13o 
I 
13 16 
I 
+ 3 16 
337e 
26 Wstvaco 
I IO 9 23o9 3o7b 
29U 
3o+*— +a 
23' ? 
2oU Weybrg 
1 36 
6 
41 23 
22 
227a+ 
46'? 
38’ n W eyerhr 
8o 16 428? 4o+a 
38'? 
38+?— 2+a 
64+? 
54+? Weyr pf 2 8o 
3oo 57U 
55'ft 
55'? -- 2U 
3o'* 
24 
Wheel F 
.72 
13 
644 297» 
27U 
297a + U 
74 
72 W helLE 5 75 
. ZUO 73U 
72 
72 
— U 
2o 
15 
W heel P it 
65 
157* 15 
15'/e— 3a 
62 
59U W helPit pf 6 z78o 61 
59' ? 
5 9 '2— +2 
53 
5o 
Whet Pit pf 5 
Z27o 51 
5o 
5o+2- V? 
27+? 
23' j W hirlpol 
I l l 996 25'2 
24+* 
25+?+ +J 
2738 
233# W hit Con MO 
6 848 267* 
26'* 
26+?— U 
4o7o 
37+8 W hite pfC3 
26 4oU 
4o 
4o'?+ +8 
8+b 
6+4 WhiteAAt 
3 1135 
734 
7 
7'ft. .. 
28+ft 
21U W hiting 1.5o 
7 
68 27+8 
267* 
27 
— U 
63# 
47* W h ilfa k r 
7 
418 
5'e 47* 
47s— Va 
U+s 
12U Wickes 
72b 
9 
581 U U 
133* 
14+*+ U 
IO 
6 '2 W iebdtSt .32 
8 
52 
7+# 
7U 
7'2 ......... 
26+b 
22+4 W illiam s 
I IO 1853 
24+# 23+? 
233ft— Vt 
93# 
6' i W ilshrO .12 
9 
237 
o 
7'2 
73<......... 
45'2 
4o W innDx 1 56 
12 
293 4 V * 
4o3ft 
4 V a + ?8 
55 
W in D xB 
6 
55'2 55 
55+2— +'2 
3+b W innbgo 
13 92o 
41# 
37* 
43#+ 
+4 
6o' 
67* 
19+8 
14'? W interJ 
32+ 
1o8 
97U 93 
WisE pf 7 75 
21+4 
19+8 WisGas 1.7o 
29+4 
28 
WisG pf 2 55 
22s# 
19U W iscPL 16o 
2H4 
1834 WiscPS I 46 
33+a 
28 W ilco 
14o 
IS'ft 
12 W ittrD 
.6o 
4 
W olvrW 
.12 
1o+4 Wometco 48 
6' 2 WoodCp 
4o 

5+* 
12 + 4 
87* 
29' 2 
26 + 

6 
87 157* 
15 Vi 153b— 
2734 WiScEP 2 1? 9x356 
29’ ? 
2BU 29 
— 
1 
1o5 
W isE pf 8 9o y973o1o7'ft 1o5U 1o7U+ 4 
.... 
_ . . . . y7go 
953< 9534 + 
V 
5 
12o 2oU 
193 b 2o3 s + 
3 
15 
28+4 283# 28', 2— 
1 
9x128 
2o7* 2o+b 2ose— 
' 
9 676 
19+ft 19'ft 19+?.......... 
8 
318 32 
3o'? 3o+4— 
+ 
4 
157 13 
12V? 123#- 
85 
4+2 

19'. Wood Pet 
3o 12 
415 
22+ 
23+h W olwth 
14o 
6x1451 24'8 
233* 
23+8— 

4+8 
289 
11 + 8 
IOU 
11+8+ 
128 
77# 
73e 
7+*— 
22'a 
22+e- 

39'? 
34 
W olw pf 2 2o x124 35U 
34 
6 
4U W orldA ir 
24 
144 
5+ft 
5' 
857* 
7o+« W rigly 2.4oa l l 
114 
84 
9+4 
87* W u rlW 
4o 
5 
35 
‘ 
12s# 
9+a W ylain 
.6o l l 3V1 
2+* 
IU W ylyCp 
981 
58+4 
45 U Xerox 
24+s 
157* X tra 

9+a 
12 
H * 
1 2o 1o 5oo7 
46+8 
45U 
45U 
o8e 
7 
5o7 
2V/a 
2o+* 
21 + 4 

34 - Vb 
5 + * - 
' 
8oU 
81 + 4— 3' 
87s 
8 7a - 
3a 
H U 
12 
1 + 

Y 
I 

13+ft 
16s* 
15 
14 + 4 
59 
83B 
28 
16 

1o+8 Yates 
7 
14' ? ZaleCp 
88 6 
12 
Z alepfA .8o 
IO 
Zapata 
3ob 3 
44 
Zapata pf 
2 

2o 
ZendhRP 
I l l 2662 
22' 2 2o 
13 
Z urnlnd 
48 9 339 
143a U U 
14s* 

285 
133* 12'* 12U + 
185 
153a 15+b 15+2 + 
2o 
12+* 12 
12' 2— 
29o 
IOU 1o+8 1o'/? + 
I 
45 
45 
45 
8'* 
IVA 
294 
77* - 
22 

Yeorty 
High, lo w 
15+4 
14 
Del Labs 
36 
7 
7+ft 
6U DellwdF 
54 13 
16 
7+ft l l 
SU D e n T a lE 
8 
39o IOU 
22+a 
19+-4 Depsitr 1.52 6 
3 2o 
2 '* 
IU D esgnJw 
6 
1+ft 
8 
53* 
Dev CpA 
8 
179 
7+ft 
37U 
26+4 DevonGp 
4sa 
3+4 Digicon 
IS7* 
17+4 D illardS t 4o 4 
5 13 
I >4 15 16 Diodes 
2s* 
W a DisFab lOe 13 

Sole* 
Mat 
(hd».) Hiqh lo w lo ft Chg., 
4 
143* 
1 4 '? 
143# 
7 Va 
7+* + 
9+? 
1 o '*+ +* 
197# 
2o — 
Va 
13# 
13ft+ 
Va 
67* 
73ft + 
IO 7 45o 
3o+4 
3o 
3o+/4+ 
Va 
19 
3 U 
3'ft 
3 Va— 
13 
13 
+ 
I 
15 1615 16- I 16 

Page 
IO C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 

19 

25 
27 
V * 
13'.’ Diversey 
56 IO 
146 
18'? 
16 
18U+ Ha 
123* 
1o3b D ixilyn 
4oe 
6 
214 
123a 
11+ft 
123* + 
'? 
4 V * 
37U DomePt 
7 
157* 
131* Dom I ar .8o 15 
8+4 
6+4 Donkeny .28 
4 
U U 
11+4 Downy 
37e 4 
I8+4 
16' a D rexU tl I 32 
IOU 
8' ? D rivH a rr 
H U 
IO D rgF a ir 
4ob 
4 
V * 
I 'a Dunlop 
o6e 
13+4 DuplxPd 
I 
6' ? D urTst 
3ob 

729 
4o' ? 
37+# 38Vft— 23s 

8 
7 '* 
34 
14 

14'* 
14 
7 

173* 
17 
IO 
6 
3 
34 
IO '* 
IO 

14'* + 
7>* + 
13' ? 
13' 

173-4 
SU 
5+4 r n 
9+8 
3+4 
17' 4 
IU 

H *1H 16 
1+* 

'* 
17+*+ 
'* 
934— 
+2 
IO 
— 
Va 

5 
DynAm 
S7* D y n e llE I 
2+8 EAC 
15' ? ED Glnc 25c 
IU EagleC 
19+8 
17 

7U 
47* EazorE 
.24 

27* 
IV ? 
6+? 
7 
7+ft 
6+8 
K 

 lOe 
.4o 

2 
Edm os 
934 EDO 
47* EganAA 
43ft EhrenP ,2oa 
5 
ElCorCp 
.12 
4U EIHose 
U va 
3 
Va 
E 
33 ft 
7 
5o 
4 
3+k 
16+* 
13+8 Electrog 
I 
7U ElecEnq .28 
V ? E le ct Res 
IO 
2'/? 

7+b 
47# E ngyR s 
12'* 
IO Ernst EC 
.64 
2 
1+* Ero Ind 
6 '? 
47/a EspeyAAf 
1o + 8 
77* EsqRad 
39e 
4 
IO7 s 
7Ve Essex Ch 
.4o 
' 
J U 
V B Et z Lay 
Io+4 l l Evan Ar 
2or IO 
6U Execlnd 
3 

6 
18 
153ft 
IS '* 
15+ft + 
+8 
8 
98 
7 
6+ft 
7 
+ 
'* 
21 
741 
5+2 
5 
SU. 
6 
457 
5 Vi 
5 '* 
5+*- 
'* 
24 
43 
AV? 
6'ft 
6+2 + u 
6 
31 
3U 
3U 
3 '* + 
'* 
7 
15U 
15U 
15s# -- 
+* 
54 
IU 
Vft lV ft- 
Vt i i 
327 
19V? 
18*8 
19+2 + 
7* 
19 
7o 
59 
55*ft 
59 
+ 
IU 
IO 
2 
31'* 
31U 
31'*.. 
5 
28 
5' ft 
4U 
47#— u 
IO 
187 
15*8 
U U 
15 — 
Va 
71 
2'? 
2U 
2 U .. 
6 
42 
H U 
IOU 
1o7* - 
'* 
7 
15 
SU 
SM* 
5U + 
U 
6 
25 
5U 
SVA 
SU. 
7 
86 
5*8 
5 
5 
— 
'+7 
8 
4+* 
4 U 
4*#+ 
+e 
I 
A u d D 
. 2 
I 

7 
8 
15 
14+ft 
15 
+ 
U 
7 
21 
8V* 
7U 
8 '* . . 
I 
I '? 
IV? 
IV?.. 
IO 
133 
25',ft 
22 s* 
24+ft + i u 
9 
78 
6 7* 
6+ft 
6 V i - u 
5 
88 l l ' * 
IO'? tO'?— 
7* 
15 
16 
13* 
IU 
IU .. 
5 
5 
5 
5 
5 

6 
15o 
52 

21 
8+8 
8 '* 
8+*+ 
Va 
1o1 
IOU 
IO'* 
IO'*- 
3 

13U 
6 s8 
3+a 
6+4 
4 '* 
2 
2' ? 
4 

9 
517 
4 
Executn 27t 17 
128 
23# FDI Inc 
Ole l l 
43/4 Fab ind 
.25e 
4 
23a Fabten 
,o5j 18 
V * FairTex 
V * FairfN ob 
2s# Fairm C .Me l l 
48+s 
343b Falcons 
6+* 
27* n u 
Vft 
IO'ft 
143 

3 '* 
14 
8 
6 U 
27* 
6j 8 
27* 
I Va 
VB 
23 ft 

3 - 3 # 
137* 
137/*— 
63# 
‘ 
Va 
5'/? 
2'/? 
6' ft 
23ft 
IU 
V * 
2+ft 

6V*+ I 
27/8+ 
3 * 
6+8+ 
+B 
2+ ft- 
’* 
IU — 
Va 
VB.......... 
2+ 
I 12 
528 
47+a 
44'/? 
463ft+ 2+* 
5+r Fam D olr .2o 
6 
26 
6V* 
2 
Fam lR c 
15e 
4 
5 
2 '* 
9+b FannyF ,5oe 
6 
7* F ash F ab 
7+8 FayD rg .1oi 
8 
13'* FedOart .6o 
4 
15+8 
13+a FedRlty 124 12 
8' ? 
4+8 FedRes 
1414 
73ft 
67* 
7'/?+ 
Va 
21sa 
16' 4 Felmnt 
.2oe 19 
99 
19U 
18’* 19 

13 
IO 
85 
I 
5o 
7V t 
29 
14 

5U 
2 V* 
9+ 2 
Vt 
7+* 
13+? 
13U 
36 
14'* 
13+* 
13+*- 

6+*+ 
+2 
2V t— 
'* 
9'/?— 
+? 
7/ft— 
V# 
7+*— 
'-a 

IO+8 
77,* Felsway 
36 
5 
IS 
9U 
V ? 
Vt Fibrebrd w t 
. 
66 
V s 
3 
2 '* Fidelco 
46 
2+* 
2+* 
1+4 F ilm C p A 
39 
I U 
H U 
7+4 F ilm w y 
o5r 
7 
263 
8+ft l l 
8Va FinGen 
.4o 5 
IO7/* 
83* FinG nA 
.4o 
77* 
6+2 FtConn 
.5o 12 
V s 13 16 Fst H a rtfd 
4U 
3+ft FstH rt pf.5o 
. 
11+8 
9 'b FstSLSh ll 
23s 
V * Fstm rk 
16' 2 
13+4 FischrP 481 6 227 
16 
173ft 
16 
FitchbG 1.44 8 X U 
163 
Ha 
5+4 
IS '* 
5 
4+8 
SU 

9> * 
1 
2 V* 
Ha 
8'/» 

9V t— 
'* 
1 
- 
'* 
2 Va .......... 
H b.......... 
8V»— 
'* 
17 
1o+2 
1o+* 
1o+* + 
19 
IO3# IO 
1o'*+ '* 
23 
77/e 
7 
7 U + +? 
1215 1613 1615 16 
IO 
4+ft 
4U 
4 'ft+ Va 
32 l l 
1o+2 
1o+* - '* 
22 
IO'? 
1o+*- 
2 
2 
........ 
147* 
IS 
- 1 

6+4 
15s* 
8U 
32' ? 
9o 
97* 
3U ll '? 
4' 8 
9+4 
18+8 
22' 4 
57h 
7 7b 
9 S8 
SU 
7+8 
3+8 

1+8 
2 + 8 
18'8 
5+ft 
I V * 
3 
47e 
I V b 
5 + 8 
1+a 
2+ft 
15'* 
27* 
V? 
3 U 
I 3 ft 
6 H 
2' ft 
9 

5+ft 
38 
18 + 4 
6’ 2 
17 
25 
1234 

V * 
Flagg 
16 
1*8 
3 U Flagstaff 
12 
5 
75 
4 
H U FlightSt 
12 
IO 
116 
13'* 
41* 
FiaCap 
5 
51 
A’B 
3+8 FlaRck 
IS 
38 
A 
3 + 8 Flow G en 
7 
156 
SVA 
15+? F lo w e rs .66 
7 x5o 
22 
14' / FlukeJ 
.731 IO 
49 
U U 
2os* FlyDiaO 
7 
276 
22+? 
5+? Foodrm 
4o 
5 
19 
6U 
9U 
Foodws .2oa 
6 
2o1 
15'? 
7U 
FooleM ,25e 
12 
22 
SU 
29+ft Foote pf 2.2o 
26 
32+? 
85 
FordCan 
5a 
6 z56o 
88 
7+8 Forest C o5e 
8 
5 
77 8 

23 8 ForestLab 
6 
75 
3' 4 
7+8 FoxStaP .5o 
IO 
76 
7+a 
3+8 FranklnR t 
76 
4+8 
8 
FrankN u ,36 
5 
32 
9'ft 
157« Frantz 
8oa 
6 
2 
16 
16’ ? Fresnillo .4o 4o 
39 
19U 
4 + 4 Friedni 
28b 
6 
7 
5 '* 
IU 
F riendFr 
5 
2 
7 s b F rigtm p 55t 
6 
216 
SU 
6+b Frischs 
3oh 
8 
22 
6+ft 
6 
Front Air ,19t 
5 
258 
7 U 
2 3 * F rontA ir wt 
8 
2U 

G - H - I 
1+4 G IT Ind 
8 
IU 
2'? GR I Cp 
76 
2+ft 
I 
GSC En 
,42c 
7 
15 
I 
Ha G TI 
8 
66 
2 
M U G abriel 
.4o 
9 
689 
18'* 
JU Galaxy 
6 
36 
5 
8s* Garan 
.6o 
5 
52 
9 '* 
2 
G a rcia 
265 
2' ? 
3'ft G arland 
4 
3 
3+* 
8 U G a te slrje t 
3 
76 
9 
3s* G aylord 
15e 
3 
5 
4 ll 16 G aynor 
21 
I 
Hft G nEm p 
19r 
I 
IU 

5 7 b G enE xp 
22 1o73 
13 
Hft G nHous 
3 
76 
27* 
Va GnRpcre 
o 
*ft 
2 
Genqe 
6 
4o 
2U 
IU 
Genisco 
9 
14 
1+8 
4+4 G enovD r 
6 
12 
SU 
I U Geon Ind 
89 
V B 
4 s b G erber 
7 
41 
7 3ft 
16'? G iantFd la 
5 
63 
17'? 
AU 
G iant Yet 
21o 
7'ft 
3 s b G lasrock 
66 
4 7 b 

16 
H * 
3U 
12'* 
4 ’* 
4 
4 U 
21 

16+*+ 
W a.......... 
37*.......... 
127*+ i/4 
4+*— 
1* 
4 
.......... 
5'ft + 
Va 
2 W a— 
3ft 

6Je 
6'?+ 
Vb 

8 
31 
8 6 3 4 
73* 
3 
7+* 
37* 
8 7 * 
16 
19+ft 
5 
2 
7U 
6+8 
6+8 
23* 

8'* + 
'* 
32 
+ I 
88 
4 I 
73*.......... 
3 
- 
'* 
7 Va— 
Vt 
4 
+ 
U 
87-ft— 
Va 
16 
19U 
.. 
5+8— 
'* 
2 
........ 
8+8+ 
+B 
634.......... 
7 + 4 ............ 
2 3 *............ 

IU 
2U 
I 
IU 
15'ft 
47* 
8U 
2'* 
33 a 
83ft 
3U 
7* 
Va 

IU . . 
2U. 
1 
2 
+ 

47*.......... 
9'ft.......... 
23* + 
'* 
3+s.......... 
9 
.......... 
37/*- 
’ 6 
I 
- 
'/• 
V B .......... 
I H a 
12U— 
Va 
2U 
234.......... 
3/4— 
' A 

33U G la tfltr 1.8o 
18'ft G la tfltr wi 
4 
4s* GlenGer 
.16 1o3 
18 
H U GlenDis 
.441 6 
15s* Globeln 
.7o 7 
93# Glosser 
.32 5 
H 3a 
IOU GloucstE 
4 
3U 
27s Glover lOe 
4+a 
3se G ldblalt 
.28 

3ft 
2+ft 
23*— +8 
V * 
1’* + '* 
4+ft 
43/4— 
' * 
I 3* 
Ha— '* 
7 Va 
7 3ft............ 
16+b 
17'/?+ '/? 
6Je 
7 
— 
V t 
4 U 
4 U — '* 
41 
37 
35'? 
363ft— 'a 
I834 18’ ft 
18+ft........... 
5 '* 47* 
5 '* + '* 
79 
13 
12'2 
13 — 
Va 
115 
22+e 2o 
2o+?- 2+ft 
7 
93 ft 
9 U 
9U — 
’* 
5 
1o+8 1o+2 
IO U ........... 
4 
27* 
27* 
27*......... l l 
4 
4 
4 
13J* 
IO 
GoldnCyc 
42 
233 
133a 
IV ? 
13 
+ V * 
9+a G oldnw .45 
1311, 
IU 
2+8 
B’ s 
5' 8 

U G o ld fie ld 
1+4 GoodLS o7r 21 
6'a Goodrich wt 
4+* GorinSt ,1oe 
5 

6 
1o8 
12+ft 
12 
28o 
9 
IU 
V * 

23+s 
W U GormR ,9oa 
8 
6 
8' ? 
8+4 

3' ft Gould IT ,24e 35 
SU GrandAu 3o 
5 
7 
GrndCtl .3o 
5 

239 
7+e 
15 
5 V* 
3o 
21 

I 
1+ft 
6+ft 
43# 

AU 
5+* GI Am Ind 
4 
59 
7U 
5' j G tBasinP 
43 2395 
37+8 
3Hs GtLkCh 
28 
12 
253 
6‘ 8 
5 
G tLakR .15r 
8 
8 
4+8 
3+8 Greenmn 
5 
191 
6 
5+4 Greer Hy 
.12 
5 
22 
7+8 
6 
G REIT 
.4o IO 
13 
15 U 
13+a GrossTlc 
I 
8 
25 
1os B 
8'? GuardC 
.5o 
7 
6 
AU 
4*8 G uilford 
.2o 
5 
8 
28U 
24 >4 GlfOCan 
I o8 7 
37 l l 
9U 
G it R epFn 
4 
37 
AU 
5' 8 G u lfs trm 
72 
2+a 
*4 HalcoPd 
9 
78 
U U 
12+? HallsM ot 
72 
5 
162 
77a 
37a HampD .15e 15 
153 
6+4 
4 U H a m ptn 
4 
63 
13s* 
I H b Hannfrd 
72 
5 
4 5 
U+8 
IOU HanvrSh 
6o 
5 
43 
5'ft 
4 
HanSqR t 
162 

6 
57* 
7 Va 
6 
77# 
34+ft 
5U 
334 
53 4 
6'? 

12 — 3* 
I 
.......... 
V * .......... 
7+8+ 
Va 
47* + 
V# 
2o+s 21 
+ 
3* 
5'? 
5 U + 
'a 
5 Va- 
' t 
7U + 
'* 
6 
+ 
+* 
7 3/4+ 
3# 

5+ft 
7 
SU 
6U 

5 
3>* 
S3 a 
61* 

5 '*— 
Va 
3 U + 
'/* 
5+ft.......... 
6+?+ 
'* . 
25 
15'? 
I i 3* 
15U + 
3 a 
834 
57a 

5' ? 
2'a 

8U 
53* 
8+ft. 
53*— 
Vi 

9 V? 
1o3 ft + H * 
5 '* 
V * 
5U- 
V '# - 
U 

7+4 + 

21 
183* Harland 
5+8 
4 
H artfd Zd 
1378 l l ' * HartzAA 
V a il 16 H a rvey 
9+8 
7U Hasbro 
.2o 
4 
7U Hasting 
4oa 
8 
3+4 H a w a ii ,1or 
3 
6+4 HeaithCh 
9 
6U HealthAA .3o 
4 
1+ft Heinick lOe 
8 
I Vi HeitmAAtg 
27e H iG lnc 
33 
5 
H i Shear 
6 
4s* H ig h la n d 

+8 
4 U 
4+#— 
+8 
12'* 
12+ a - 
+8 
IOU 
11U + 
'ft 
4 Va— 
V* 
6o 
9 
117 
1934 
18'? 
19 
1o5 
4+4 

 l l ' 
4+? 
9'? 
77* 
2U 
2 
4 
6+ft 
5sb 
8 
7+8 
3 'a 

3o l l 
343 
12 
6 
6415 1613 16 
55 
BU 
75* 

4 ' ? 
4 + a . 
IV * 
12 
+ 

SO 
16 
59 
4 
25 
482 
24 
9 
27 
5s# H illhavn 
.32 
4 x45 
S'? H iptrnic 
.43 13 
2+4 H o tm an 
5 
68 
18 

83# 
4 ' a 
7 V? 
7 
2 
IU 
3'? 
5 U 
5 U 
6 
6 
23* 

7* 
8 V? - 
77# 
37* 
4'a + 
7 Va 
7Vj — 
7 
V * 
Vft 
3 '* 
5 
5U 
SU 
5'? 
2 U 
29s* 
27 
HolngA 
1.8o IO x5 
29'? 
28 
7 
4U H o llyC p 
8 
147 
5 Vi 
5 '* 

7 
2 
1+ft— 
Vft 
3'/4— 
'ft 
5 
- 
Va 
5 + 8 ............... 
53#- 
3g 
5U— 
3 8 
2 U — 
Va 
29'?+ V? 
5 'ft— 
Va 
8 
27' ? 
27 V? 
27' a— 
Vt 
7 
25 
23V? 
23'; 
2o 
24’* 
237* 
24 
49 
6>* 
4 U 
6 
8 U 
38 
83# 
+ V B 
8+#— 

3o 
26' 4 HomeOA 
.75 7 
267e 
23' 2 HomeOB 
.75 6 
28' 4 
23 Hormel 1.12 
6 
7Vft 
4 '* H o rn H a r 
83ft 
6U Hosp AA 
6oe 28 
133# l l V4 Hotel 
1.32e 15 
SU 
41a HousRon .3o 4 
5+e 
4' s HouseVi 
.32 12 
9+b 
7+4 HosAAInn 
22 
6o7* 
39U HouOilAA 8o 21 4296 
46'* 
43’/? 
457/a + 
WU 
13+4 HowelC 
4o 9 
44 
16+? 
15+8 
15+*— 
5 
3+v 
Howell 
15e 3 
363* 
337* HubellA I 5o IO 
36+8 
33' 2 HubeMB 1.5o IO 
53+* 
5o+ft Hub pf Al.75 

IV? 

35 
12U 
12+* 
12U+ 
V* 
27 
4 Vft 
4V* 
4 Va 
4 U 
8 
47* 
8 Vi 
4 U + v* 
8V?+ 
+* 

47* 
4 
HuckAAfg 
2o 
8 
9 
6' ? 
4+4 HudsnGn 
IO 
37'ft 
31+2 HudBO 
1.52 7 
147a 
IV ? Huffm an 
5o 5 
3'ft HuntH lt 
We 5 

44 
3+* 
3+2 
33*— I i 
7 
36'* 35+2 35V?— 7t 
4o 
357s 35'ft 
357*+ Va 
8 
5 2 '* 52 
4+8 
6'* 

52 - I 
41/j 
4'/?- 
6 
6V*. 
14 
3 3 '* 
323* 323,ft 
IDI 
13+ft 
123 ft 13 
— 
25 
3U 
3 V? 

34 
U 
33*— 
Vt 
27+? 
187* HuskyO .8o 
9 4o56 
27V? 
25U 
27+*+ 
+ft 
4U 
3’ 2 Hycel Inc 
16 
13o 
W a 
6 '? 
4+2 ICAAR 
139 
5+* 
77* 
6'a lAACAAq 
.2o 
6 
1 2 
67* 
3+ft 
IU ISCFinl 
19 
IU 
1 
9 16 I TIC p 
3811 16 
6+4 
SU ImpCh 
3oe 
7 
28 
6' a 
V? 
V * Im pG rp 
o7e 
. 
IO 
1+a 
3 
2 
Im perlnd 
24 
2U 
23'* 
19+2 Im pO ilA .86 IO 
2+a 
V B Inarco 
147* 
12 In c o trm 
IO 
47 
InPL pf 
4 
I 
In tl ig htS v 
IU Inolex 
4U Instron 
.2o l u l l 16 In strS ys 
13 
- 
- 
- 
2 
15 

3'/? 
4U 
6’/? 
IV? 

5o 
IU 
2'a 
7+ 

3 + ft- 
'* 
4 3 *— 
+8 
6 +2— s# 
IV?— '* 
U H 16+1 16 
57* 
61*.......... 
V * 
V * —116 
2+# 
2+?.......... 
63 
197-b 
19+2 
19+?— 
+8 
12 
2 
2 
2 
12 
49 
I 
1+4 
6' ? 

1 2 + *- 
Va 
5 o + 2 
11* '— 
+ 8 v / t - 
' 8 
7 U f 1+e 

65 
13 
ZUO 
5o 
4o 
I Vft 
24 
2 
74 
7+ 
5o9 
3,4j i 1611 1 6 -1 16 
7 
InsSy pf 25e 
72 
7+* 
7 
7 '* .......... 
Ha 
IntegR es 
8 
63 
1+ft 
IU I U . . . . . 
IO7* 
IntlA lum .5o 8 
38 
14'* 
13( 14 
— 
'ft 
4 '* 
2' ? Int B nknt 
17 19oo 
33* 
2+ft 3 U + 
+8 
137* 
11+ft IntCour 
.28 
9 
1+ft 
IU IntFdSvc 
3 '* 
21* Int Fund o5e 6 
15U 
123ft IntG enln .9o 
6 
7+2 
4 'ft IntP rotn 
5 l l 
6' 2 IntSeaw 
6o 
4 
2 
IU In tS trtc h 

 l l 
127* 
123# 
127*+ 
V t 
92 
I'/? 
H# 
I U .......... 
78 
2 
'* 2 '* 2 '* ........ 
31 
15'/? 147* 
15+8+ +8 
67 
6+b 
57* 
6U — 
Va 
77 
1oV? 
1o+2 
IO' a.......... 
14 
I U 
H * 
IU 
29sB 
17'a IntSysC 
25 
8 
157 22+« 
2o7* 221*+ 
3b 
IU 
34 in te rp h o t 
19 
V t 
+*13 16 + 116 
17U 
U U Intrpool 
o5e 
6 
132 17'* 
16'* 16U 
12'? Intrw av 
15e 
8 
78V 2o 
“ 
I U inveslFla 
8 
V * 
17'? InvD vA 
2oe 
5 
7o V V t 
19 

2o 
2 + 4 
2o+4 
SU 
7U 
21U 
S3 

4+4 InvD vB 
o5e 5 
5o 
47* 
4+b InvR tT r 
88 
7 
U 'ft Ionics 
13 
69 
2o+ft 
6s* IroqBrd 
2o 7 
54 
8 3# 
167e 
U U IroqBrnd pl 
67b 
4 7* Irv in ln d 
IO 4 
86 
7sa 
6U 
IsraelD 
75e l f 

177a 
2o 
+ IV? l+/« 
I+*.......... 
197*— Vs 
4+ft— 
'* 
7 
.......... 
19 U + 
Va 
8'* + 

4s* 
6U 
19'ft 
7+ft 
17 
16 3,ft 
16+4 
16U + 
51* 
7U 
47* 
73a 
5 - 
'* 
73# 

I U 
63a Jaclyn 
U U 
1o+4 Jacobs 
12 a7* Jamswy 
o5r 
5 
12U 
1ose Jeannet 
4o 
5 
2Jft Jefronic 
4 
6 'ft JohnPd 
36 14 
3 
JuniperP ll 
47e Jupiter 
4 
4 'ft K Tel In 
45e 
4 

J - k - L 
4o a 
IO 
6'? 
6U 
6j 8 
6 
139 
127a 
12'* 
12'*— 
'? 

3sb 

4+4 
7 
57e 
19 
5 
5s a 
7 U 
9+4 

74 
I V * 
IOU l l 
121 
H U 
IOU lO'ft— 
U 
31 
23ft 
23ft 
2+ft— ' a 
52 
7U 
6s 8 
6+8— 'ft 
BO 
3+7 
3U 
3+*— +* 
18 
6'a 
S' ? 
6 '* + U 
52 
5U 
43ft 
5 
- 
143* K a isrln 
I 26e 9x483o 18' 2 
167B 
173f t f 
U 
33* KaneAAMI wt 
63 
4 
33ft 
37*- 
+* 
4' e KapokT 
1or 7 
7 
4U 
4'a 
4+a 
41ft KayCp 
2o 8 
4 3 
7 3s 
7+b 
7+a- 
Va 
6j 4 Kenwm 
.38 
5 xW 
8+ft 8+ft 
8+4— +s 
SU Ketchm lOr 6 
12 
6+4 
6+7 
6+'?— 
Vs 
43+? 
3oU- Kewanee 72 IO 2oo2 
41+4 
37U 
3 8 U - 2U 
4, e rn _ 
I „ 

W E E K LY NY 
Total for week 
................... 
Week ago 
Year ago 
Two years a g o ...................... 
Jan 1 to date .................... 
+9/6 to date ............................ 
1975 to datp 

STOCK SALES 
■ 97.77o 
1o5,87o. 
81 34o, 
99,511, 
1,737,81o, 
.2,o78,441 
I 75o.ain 

OOO 
OOO 
SIO 
77o 
,ooo 
499 
HO 

Ha Key Co 
6+ft Keystlnd .3o 
IU Kidde wt 
V? K inA rk 
1+2 KinqOpt 
6s* KingRd 
2oe 
377* 
2oU K irb yE x 
6s* 
37* Kit Mfg 
3U KleerVu 
6 
Kleinerts 
13+'? KnickToy 
15Ja Kollm r 
36 
6U KuhnStr 
IO 
4 
2+4 LSBInd 
1or 
5 
U LTV Corp wt 
2+8 La Barge .o6 16 
3U LaM.au- 
2o 
9 
4U LaPoint 2oe 
9 
87e LaOumta 
7 
6 
LatyR ad .26 
6 
2 
LakeShor 
13 
1+ft L n d m rk 
14 

3 
9+* 
2+? 
2+ft 
2+ft 
87* 

4+b 
7 + 4 
173o 
18 
7+a 
37a 
I 16 
3U 

5 
25 
3 
31o 
71 
38 

2U 
8 ' ? 
IU 
2 Va 
7 Va 
7> 

2+? 
8 
Ha 
2 
I 7* 
6+8 

2'/? + 
8+2.......... 
I U ......... 
2+8 
2+4 ft- 
V? 
7 '*+ 
'* 
IO 
181 
29U 26+2 
28 
— 
U 
4 '* 
3U 
6' 8 

4 
3 Vft 
6 

4 
— 
+- 
3+7........ 
6 — 
'* 
IO 3oo4 
173* 
15+? 
17'a-F IV? 
9 
85 
16'* 
15+* 153*- 
6'* 
6+4 
33 ft 

5'ft 
1o+8 
VU 
2 U 
17* 

264 3 16 
41 
2 V? 
IO 
4 
4U 
93* 
638 
2U 
17* 

61*- 
33 ft 
3+4 4 
Vs 3-64 I 16 
2' 2 
2+? .. . 

39 
43 
82 
15 

33 ft 
4+2 
VU 
6' a 
21. 
IU 

4 ft 3#— 
' a 
9+*— 
+? 
6+*+ 
Va 
2U + 3 16 
I U - 
Va 

Yeorty 
High lo w 
2'? 
IOU 
IU * 
28' 8 
2+8 
47* 
6U id' 8 
27-8 
7U 
8 
9+8 
77# 
7 
4 
9 
27S 
19' ? 
11+4 
157* 
3' 2 
233/ft 
28'ft 
53/ft 
4 
IV * 

.5o 
7 
6o l l 

.6o 

2 
L a T o u rB 
8 
8U LeaRon 
4oa 
6 
9 '* LeathCo 
2o+ft LeeEntr 
I U Lee Natl 
3+ft LeePhar 
5+e Lehigh Pr 
IV ? LeighPd 
I +4 L e isu re T 
6' ? L e v ittln 
24 
SVA LewisBP .3o 
6+s LibtyF ab 
6+b Lightolr 
16 
57* L illiA n n ,22 
3 
L in c ln A m 
14 
578 L lo y d s E I 
5 
2U Lodges 
o8e 
6 
16U Lohmn 
,8oa 
7 
7 '* LoewThe w t 
7+4 Logicon 
IO 
2U Logistic lOe 
6 
18+b caGenSv 82 
6 
27 
LouisCe 1.32 
8 
3'ft LundyEI 
15 
2+? L ynch C p 
3 
I 
L y n n w e a r 

Sale* 
(hds.) H igh la w 

13 
2>* 
2 '* 
8 
9 '* 
87* l l 
IOU IO 
75 
24 
23'* 
5o 
Hft 
IU 
7 
37* 
33* 
3o 
6'? 
SU 
8 
12'* 
12 
54 
2 V t 
2+8 
6U 
8 
6+8 
67/8 
63/4 
3 '* 
6 
2U 
54 
18U 
173ft 
388 
77* 
7U 
15o 
14U 
13 
96 
3V* 
31* 
38 
2oU 
197/s 
7 
77 Va 
27 
22 
SU 
5 
79 
3+? 
2+? 
13 
V * 
IV* 

2 
2o 
19 
4 
3 
36 
3 
132 

6U 
7+4 
63# 
6+ft 
6U 
3 
57* 
21* 

N et la s t Chg. 

21* 
........ 
87*— 
+# 
1o'? + 
V t 
23'*— 
Va 
I U .......... 
37* + 
V t 
6+?+ 
V f 
1 2 '*+ 
V? 
2+4 + 
3* 
6 s* - 
Va 
7 U + 
' 8 
6+*— 
’* 
6+ft.......... 
6U .......... 
3 
— 
>* 
S V t— 
+* 
V B — 
Vt 
IOU— 
'* 
73*— 
V# 
U U + V B 
3 'ft.......... 
2oU F 
+* 
2 7 '*+ 
'* 
5 
— 
U 
3 '? + 
3,4 
I ' * — 
'* 
M -N -O 
9 
4 
M PO 
3 
9 
6+ 
77* 
7 
M W A 
.4o l l 
7 
I l l 16 M a cro d 
3 
95 
17 
15' ? MePbS 14o 
6 
8+ft 
4+ft M amoth 
.3o 14 2738 
5+? 
4Va M anhLfe 28 
8 
29 
6' ? 
4+8 MansfT 
o2r 
4 
79 
IV* 13 16 M a rin d q 
146 
183# 
15'p M ark Cli .28 
6 
63a M arlene 
3 
4'? M arsh Fd 
6 '* M arsh In 
4 
26U 
18U 
M a rtP r 
4o 
8 
I Hft 
87* M aslnd 4oa 
5 
35 
Masneiln .6o 
6 
3 U N e sters 
5 
8' i M aterR e .28 
9 
4’* M aul Br 
14b 
6 
? 5 16 M c C ro ry w t 
8 
+2 
41* 
27* M cC ulO 
454 
33b 

6V? 
61't— 
I* 
7+b 
71* 
71*— 
+* 
7/e 
U13 16+1 16 
21 
167* 
163* 
167*+ 
V t 
83,ft 
6+i 
83/ft+■ 
17* 
5 '* 
51* 
5 '* + 
I* 
6 
5 V t 
57/8+ 
'* 
I 
7/, 
^ 
+ 3 . i 6 

73* 
53ft 
7U 

39U 
47* l l 7* 
5 Vft 

188 
16»? 
15U 
16'*- 
36 
67* 
3 
47* 
3 
63/ft 
HO 
233a 
22 
88 l l ' * 
IO 
9 
39 
47 
4+ft 
21 
IO'? 
33 
4+? 

6U 
4+ft 
6U 

383* 
4 '* 

V t 

22'? 
4+? 
1434 
9+i 
2' ft 
2+4 
9+8 
6+? 
2o 
15'ft 

5+a 
123 ft 
73/4 
27+ 

16 
M clntsh 
33* Mc Keen 
12' 1 MeansF 1o8 
8 
73* M edalst 
44 
7 
I' ? M edainGp 
19 
V B AAedcoJw 
13 
8 '* Medenco .28 
6 
5'ft M edfield 
4 
16 
MediaGn .4o 
7 
9’ ? M egolnt 
.2o 
3 
2o3* 
16+e M L M Co I 
6 
3 
1 M ercn tile 
12'4 
SU Metex 
.3o 
4 
19'* iv e M e tp th 
14 
I+*15-16 M e tro c a r 
2+4 
I M etroG rt 
47e 
3'ft M ichG en 
4 
1278 
1o3# MichSug I 
8 
6'? 
5 M icklb ry .16 16 
43* M idldCo 
IO 
8 
IOU M idlG Is 
28 
6 
6+e M ille r H l l 
W U M illerW o .6o 
9 

67* . . 
4+ft— 
3* 
63 ft ft- 
Va 
23'* ft- 
+* 
1 V *+ 
U 
39 
+ 
+4 
W a— 
Vt 
9 U 
1o+2+ 
3/4 
4+< 
43 A 
7 16 
’ ? ft i 16 
3 '* 
3 V i - 
84 
8 
252 
193/ft 
18'* 
19U + IU 
145 
33* 
33*- 
17 
123 ft n u 
123/ft— 
27 
83 ft m 
83i + 
27 
26 
139 
42 

IU 
IU 
9U 
53* 

1+ft 
V B 
8 V? 
SU 

H/ft- 
V /t— 
9 '* + 
5 U + 
62 
167* 16'* 
16' 
245 
IO '* 
9+2 
IO'/*— Va 
51 
2o'* 19'* 
19 U + 3* 
6 
V ? 
I '* 
1+2+ 
Va 
49 
9's 
8U 
83*— 3 ft 
81 
15+ft 
14U 
1 5 U + 
U 
7 
H # 
H * 
1+ft........... 
22 
2+8 
V B 
2 '* — Va 
71 
37* 33/ft 
33* — Va 
61 
11+8 1o3ft 
1 1 '*+ V t 
52 
5+4 
5 
5+e........... 
21 
5' a 
47* 
47*— 3* 
3o 
H U l l 
IV * — 'a 
27 
7’ ? 
7 
7+?+ +« 
445 
25+ft 23U 
24 U + 
16+4 
1234 M ilR oy 
25 
8 
132 
1 3'ft W a 
127*— Va 
2 
IU M issnfT 
I 16 I 64 M is s n lT w t 
44U 
31' ? AAoPfcR 146 7 
49+2 
35U M itch lE 
.12 9 
1o+4 
7+8 MiteCp 
.2o 7 
7+? 
5+ft M dM aid 
1or 4 
57a 
47* MonMgt 
.4o 5 
52 
49 
M onP pf4.4o 
12s* 
1o+ft Moog 
6o 7 

58 
IU 
IV* 
IV; 
2 164 I 64 I 64 
4o 
44 + 8 43 
43+2+ Va 
296 
39+8 37U 39 
— I ft 
38o 
8+4 7U 
8’* + +? 
6 
57* 
SU 
57*........ 
6 
SU W a 
5 U + ’ * zlSO 
5o’* 49 
5 o '*+ IU 

6' 8 
SU M tgG th ,48e 34 
AU 
4sa M ortons 
.32 4 
5 
3+4 M ott SM .o6 
7 
17U 
14 '4 M tV M il 12o 
H U 
7+4 Mov St ar 44 
6 
2 
IU M ovielab 
8 
5 
4U M ultiA m .2o 
8 
83ft 
7se Napco lOe 
7 
3U 
3 
N ardaM 
.2o 39 
247a 
187* Na! CSS .2o 
7 
67a 
5+? N D istr 
.16 
4 
6+2 
4+* N a lH lth E w i 
5 
V t 
Va N a! Ind wt 
Ho NKinney 
6'ft NtParag 
4o 

U U l l 
61* 
53 ft 
47* 
43/4 
4 U 
4V? 

 lH ftft- 
6+*-+- 
47*.. . 
4 Vs va 
25 
15+* 
U U 
147+— 
’* 
93* 
IV? 
43 ft 
BU 
33* 

9U 
IU 
4+ft 
7U 
3 '* 
18 
2o'* 
W U 
193/ft 

9U 
IV?.......... 
4+?+ 
•* 
8Vft+ 
'* 
3 '* — 

278 
12' 2 
12'? 
4' 7 
SU 
53 a 

2 
6s* 
22 
43* 
48 7 16 
5 
2+* 
299 
7U 

6 Vi 
43* 
3* 
2+e 
6'ft 

3* 
6' ?— 
'* 
4 U + 
'* 
U .......... 
2'* — 
I* 
7 
— 
3 4 NI P a tent 
26 
924 
11+? 
1o3ft l l 
+ 
3+ft N tSilver 
15e 
4 
2 'j NtSpinnq 
18 
3U NatSyst 
1oe 
6 
13U 
IO 
NafwHo .36 
7 
53ft 
3Vft Neisner 
Hft 1+4 N elly Don 
3+? 
I '? 
Nelson LB l l 
H a 
V ? Nest LM 
25 
31+ft 
26+ft N E N uclr ,5o IO 
17+a 
12' b NHam p ,4oa 9 
N ld r.a 
(Me 
8 
... 
36' 2 
247a NM exA r 
118 16 
31U 3o3ft 3o3ft— lift 
IOU 
BU NProc 
,63e 
9 156 
93* 
SU 
9 '* ....... 
W U 
15'? NY Tim es 
6o 9 45o 
W U 173b 19 
+ IU 

2o 
4+ B 
4 
4U + 
36 
5+ft 
4U 
5 '* + 
52 
5 
4+ft 
47* 

14 
IO7* 
IOU 
IOU— 
4 
5 
5 
5 
2 
V * 
IU 
Vft— 
57 
3 
3 
3 
4 
I'? 
V? 
IU . . . 
76 
27 
26'ft 
27 
53 
16 
U U 
147-8— 
279 
IU 
IU 
1U + 

2o+4 
9 
NewbEn 
4ob 7x2o1 
2o'2 
17'* 
W U + 2 

Vft 

21+2 
16' 
1 
Newcor 1b 8 
V B 
47* N e w p rk 
8 
295 
IU 
1+4 Nexus 
.141 
5 
157* 
13+8 NiagFSv .56 4 
5 
4 Nichols 
.271 
4 
57 
5 
2+b Noel Ind 
4 
13 
2+? 
3+8 Nolex 
33 
86 
33ft 
2U Nortek 
.o4 IO 
51 
23ft 
'* N o A m M t wt .. 
4o 
' a 

3’ A 
6 U 
33a 
7 16 

 le u is '* levi 
63* 
53* 
63* 
V * 
24 
13+i 
13' • 
13* 
I '* — 

167* 
12U Nor Am R 
IO 
8 
IOO 
14 
9 U 
56' 4 
3+4 
13+* 

H U 
19 
7' 8 

7+i NorCdnO 
52 
NIPS pf 4 25 
2 
NovoCp 
4 
Noel Dta 
13+e 
IO NumacO 
18 
43* 
3+s O EAInc 
2o 
7 
9 
O akwdH 
o9r 3 
15'* Offshore 
4 
5+ft O hioArt 24a 
6 
45+ft 
37U OhioB 
2 6 
9' j 
7+4 Oh Sealy .48 8 
Io38 
7+a O llalnd 4oe 5 
22j 4 
17 OnLineS 
12 
39 
33 OOkiep 
12 
73 ft 
6 O rio le H o 
14 
27s 
H 4 O rm and 
6 
16' i 
1234 OSullvn 
6o 5 
SU 
6 U OutdrSp lOe 5 
23b 
Ha O xfcrd F t 
I 
4+b 
33* O zarkA ,1oe 
3 

2 
I U P F In d 
U 
'* PN BMR wi 
' j 
' e PSAInc wt 
187e 
W a P G E pfA LSO 
17+4 
15+8 PG EpfB I 37 
16 
U U PGEpfC 1.25 
15+8 
14 
PG EpfD 
125 . 
15'? 
14'* PG EpfE 
1.25 
W a 
13'* PGEpfG 
12o 
2 7'* 
26U PG EplV 2.32 
3o'4 
27+4 PGEpfT 2 54 
31 
28+4 PGEpfS 2.62 
137* 
12+b PG EpfH 
112 . 
29 
26+4 PGEpfR 
2.37 
25s* 
23+a PG EpfP 
2 o5 .. 
25 
22+4 PGEpfO 
2 .. 
24U 
22 
PG EpfM 
196 
27 
25 
P G E pfL 2.25 
25' 4 
22+ft P G EpfK 
2.o4 . 
277* 
253* PGEpf J 2 32 
133* 
12+8 PG Epf I 1.o9 
18U 
11+8 PHoldg 
16 9 
21 
15* v PHold p fl 2o 
52+4 
48'ft PacLt pf4.36 
54U 
5o'ft PacLt pf4.5o 
57U 
52'ft Pacl.1 pf4.75 

43ft 
23* 
33* 
2'? 
'* 
13 
83* 
53 
23# 

V# 

5o8 
8+ft 
716o 
53 
12 
V B 
8 
113 l l ' * 
1o+? 
162 
IOU 
IO 
6 
33* 
3V? 
6 
VV 
9U 

5 
-F 
23»— 
V# 
3 U .......... 
2 U .......... 
',*— 1-16 
13 
- 
Va 
83/4-F 
U 
53 
.......... 
2+*.......... 
1o7-8- 
Vt 
IOU— 
+4 
3+?........ 
9 + *- 
29 
16+4 
15+2 
16+4-F 
5 
6+? 
6+8 
6+b. 
3o 
43 
41+2 
42+8- 
U 
3o 
9' ft 
9 
9'ftft- 
+4 l l 
8+4 
8 
8 
- 
Va 
7o 
18+ft 
17 
18 
/SOO 
33U 
33 
3 3 '*.. l l 
7 
6+ft 
6+ft— 
Vt 
34 
2+? 
2*8 
2'? .. ll 
13+ft 
13U 
13U-F 
"Vt 
47 
8 
7+ft 
8 
— 
Va l l 
2 
H i 
2 
+ 
V t 
132 
37* 
3U 
3 U .. 

185 
I U 
IU 
V * — u 
74 
+8 
U 
'* . . . 
I 
U u 
+»... 
51 
18'ft 
17** 
H U - 
Vft 
3 
16 
16 
16 
+ u 
4 
14+ft 
U U 
U U ... 
12 
15*8 
14’ a 
147*— 
+e 
Si 
15'ft 
H U 
15'ft-v 
Va l l 
U U 
13U 
14 
— 
Va 
6 
27' a 
267a 
27 
. . . 
454 
29+4 
28'? 
283*— 
U 
85 
3o’ ft 
29+b 
29H -- 
'ft 
12 
13+? 
13+8 
13+i— 
Va 
274 
28 
26+ft 27'a— 
'ft 
387 
24’ 4 
23+8 24'aft 
U 
398 
24 
22+* 23'*— 
+ft 
16o 
23+4 
22+8 23 
+ 
'* 
9 
25+8 
25U 
257*.......... 
6o 
24’ 7 
23'? 23'?— 
’ * 
5 
2 7 '* 26+8 27+*+ 
U 
2 
12+4 
12'* 12U— I 
23 
16+e 
16+8 16+*— 
V* 
I 
21 
7254o 
52 
21 
21 

 z 134o 
53+2 
52 
Z15o 
55+? 
55 

49+? 
5oU .......... 
52' * ft 
' a 
55 
— 
Vt 
84U PacLt pt7.64 
Z 2o5o 
89+4 
85'? 89+4 
92 
19+4 
18+4 PNwTel 1.32 
63' ? 
57 
PacPLpl 
5 
29'/? PatlCorp .8o 
7* P a lo m rF 
163 
69 
35 
Hft 
5+i 
6 
5U 
12 
3' 

3V? PandelB 
4+b Pantasl 
.3o 7 
4' 2 ParaP k 
.2o 9 
1o+ft ParkCh 
48a 
7 
2U ParkE I 
1oe 
27sb 
21s8 Parsons 
8o 
6 
3’* 
2+4 PatFash 
5 
6'? 
4 
Patagon 
7 
93b 
6U PatoC 
L2oe 
4 
W a 
13'4 Pebble 
.6o 7 
6+ft 
5U PeerTu 
2oa 8 
IOU 
6U Pemcor 
.2o 5 
1o7a 
9 '* Pen EM 
,6oa 6 
33-e 
27+4 PenTr 
1.4o 7 
5+* 
3U PECp 
841 4 
14+ 8 
12’ ? PenRIE LIS l l 
SU 
3+4 PenobS 
2oe 7 
1 + e 
7* P e ntron 
6 
24U 
W+4 Pep Boys 
1b 6 
17' ft 
14' , Popcorn 
6o 4 
8+4 
7+ft Perini 
3oa 4 
6o 
87a 
6' j Pertec 
8 
376 
U U P e tro L e 
12 

157 
W U 18U w z 125 
59'? 58' ? 
58'? + U 
14 x93 
34U 33+? 
33U — +# 
I U 
I Vft 
1 U + +* 
4 
3+4 
4 
+ U 
5'ft 
5 
5+ft— +s 
5+a 
47* 
5 U + V* 
11+8 
IV * 
11V*. 
2+*— 
+* 
2' 2 
2U 
3oo 
27+a 
25+ft 
26 
17 
2s* 
2+4 
2'? 
93 
77 
151 
24 
81 l l 
6 
159 

6' B 
SU 
SVt 
SU— 
1 7 
77* 
8 
- 
'/* 
157b 
14' ? 
15+/4+ IU 
6' 8 
57* 
6+8 F 
+ 8 
9+8 
9+4 
9 + *- 
U 
1o+8 
IO 
IO'*— 
Va 
33U 
32+4 
33 
.. ... 
3+ft 
3' ? 
33#— 
13 W e 
12'? 12+4 
5 3 U 
37/e 
37* 
63 
I 
7g 
?*-. 
12 21'* 
2o+ft 21+4- 
19 16 
15'2 16 
8 
7+* 
18+b 
7 + 8 
33b 
IO' 2 
2+a 
2+4 
IOU 
6+4 
32 

6+4 P h ilL D 
63r 
2 
Phoenix 
8' 7 PicNPay .2o 
6 
1 + 8 Piedmnt 
1+4 P io n e e rs 
7' 1 PionTex 
8o 
6 
6'a PilW Va 
56a l l 
23 
P it DM 1.2oa 
5 

73 
17+2 
34 
7U 
3o3 
27 
19 
35 
69 
SO 

2+ft 
9 
V ? 
I'? 
8' a 
6+ft 

7U 
6 ’ B 
17 
73* 
2’* 
8+? 
Ha 
IU 
77* 
6U 

7 3 * - 
+4 
63*— 
+8 
17+8- 
V* 
77*.......... 
2 +*.......... 
8U — 
U 
I U .......... 
V B + 
8'* . 
6+ft ft 

Va 

38 
27+e 
26'ft 
26'*— 
+2 
4o' 4 
35+4 P ittw ay 12o 
IO 
11o 36U 
35+* 35+#— 
1+? 
22 
18-U PlacrD v 
8o 
12 
I 2o7e 
2o7* 2o7* f 
V * 
6 
P lantlnd 
94 27o 
8+e 
13+4 
5+8 
14' 7 
3 + 4 
77* 
H U 

7+i 
6+ft 
7Vi f 
.o8 13 
242 
11 + 8 
IOU 
11+*-+ 
SU 
5 
5 
— 
IO 
P lantrn 
4+4 
PlyGem 2oe 
6 
IO 
1o7* PneuSca .8o 8 zl5o 
13'* 
12+* 13'* + 
2+8 Poloron 
15o 1o6 
3 '* 
27* 3 
+ 
6+b P o ly c h r 
8 
47 
14 
7U 
9+8 
8+4 PrairieO 
2 
IS7* 
12+a P ra ttL m b 
I 7 
34+ft 
3o P ratL pf2.25 . 
6+ ? 
5V t P ratlR d 
3o 6 
24'4 
2 V 4 PrenHa 1.12 12 
34o 
227* 
22'* 22'*— 
3 's 
2U PresR tA 
7 
27* 
2U 
27* + 
V B PresR tB 
4 

7 U +• 
Va 
9 
9 
— 
+8 
26 
13+8 
12U 
W e — 
U 
7 
31 + 4 
31 
31+ft ft 2+4 
57* 
5'/? 
5+4+- 
2o 

2+4 
15'* 
9V? Presley 
14+4 
123* Preston .7o IO 
2+a 
2 
P rim M t 121 IO 
I25a 
H U PrpCT I 2oe IO 
1o+ h 
9+e ProvGas .8o 
6 
Ha P rdR lE 
.2o 83 
3+? PrudBdg 
24 
5 
3+ft P ru d G p 
36 
48' ? PSCOI pt4 25 
6 U P u lle H 
6 
156 
2U PuntaG 
13 
18 
4+8 Purepac 
o6e l l 
5' 7 Quebecor 
5 
6U R 8 Ind o8e 
6 
I U R E DM 
5 
He RET 
427a RET pf 4.38 
4'ft RH Med 
5 
I U RPSPd 
He RSCInd 
8 
1o+ft RLCCp 
12a 
4 
3U Racon 
2oa 
6 
6+e Ragan B 15e 
5 
153* RanchEx 

2'? 
2+4 
2+? + 
'* 
14 1838 
15'8 
12+* 
U U + 2 
53 
U U 
13'* 
U3#+ He 
9 
2+* 
2+8 
2+*+ +8 
46 l l 7* ll'/? 11U— '* 
6 
IO '* 
IO 
IO 
- '/# 
28 
V B 
2+8 
2+?........... 
38 
37* 
3'? 
3 U + 
'ft 
4+ft 
4U 
4 U — Va zlOO 
SOU 
5oV? 
5o'?+ I 

27# 
47* 
SU 
53 
BU 
3' ft 
6' j 
6 1 ? 
77b 
I U 
2+ft 
45U 
SU 
IU 
2 
13 
4 + 8 
9 U 
__ _ _ 
21 +4 
15U RanchEx 
27 
68 
2o 
24 
17+4 R a ngrO 
55 
1o7 
2 o '* 
19'* 
19+*— 
U 
15' a 
11+8 Ransbrg .8o 
7 
1o5 
15 
13+* 
14+* + I 

83s 
27b 
5 
S7* 
2o 
6 
6o 
7+i 
14 
I U 
157 
Hft 
IO 
44 
88 
4+4 
IU 
IU 

7 + 8 
2+ft 
5 + 4 
5U 
678 
1+8 
IU 
44 
4'ft 
1 + 8 
IU 

8U + 
2+*— 
57* + 
578- 
7'? + 
H a - 
13*— 
44 
+ 
4+ft + 
IU . . 
IU . 
93 
12+? l l ' * 
12+a ft 
+* 
4 + 8 
7’B 
37* 
4 '* + 
+8 
I/ 
67* 
7 
— 
1o7* 
19+8 

1+4 
+4 RapdAm wt 
6'4 
3'? RathP 
35+? 
21' 4 RaymP ,57e 22 
3U 
I 
Reading 
16+* 
14+2 Real Est 12o 14 l l 
VU R lln cT I 15e 
7 
21 
18U RH Ref 2.15e 
IO 
23ft 
2U Redlaw 
21 
3 
IU ReevesT 
16 
7U 
6 
R e frig T r 
5 
13+* 
8+8 R egal'B 
.52 11 
2 
13 16 R e lG rp w i 
W 
13+4 RemAr 
8oa 
7 
2+4 
He RepHous 
U 
U R epM tln wt 
24+e RepNY 
I 

45 
V * I 
I 
— 
'a 
149 
4V? V B 
3U— 
7-a 
33 
33+* 32+8 33'?+ 
I U 
IO 
27/a 2+ft 
2+ft— 
+8 
45 
15 
14+* 14+ft— 
'* 
16 
1o+? IOU 1o+8+ 
+4 
96 
2oU 
2o+4 
2oU...... 
2 
2V? 
2' 7 
V B ........... 
15 
2+? 
2'/? 
2' ?........... 
16 
6+8 6 
6Vb— 
'? 
51 
13+s U+* 13U+ 
IU 
HO 
IU 
123 
18 
45 
2U 

I 
17+4 
2+4 

I 
— 
>* 
17U + 
+8 
2 + s - 
'a 
+*. . 
25 
— 
U 
23 
27 
24U RepNY 
I 
5 
24 25U 
24+ft 
23U 
17+4 ReschCtl 
o8 IS 
598 23 
2V * 
23U 
18' . R esislflx 
6o 
7 
35 2o'* 
19V? 
19+4— 
IO U 
BU R e srtsA 
U 629 
IOU 
8+ft 1oU + 1+e 
17 
R e srtsB 25z 195o 
18+4 
17U 18' 
IU Rest Asse 
16 
1+? 
2+s 
R e xN ore 
51 
2+i 
3 
R ib le tP d 
4 
1o4 
3'? 
5+8 Richton 
.3o 
3 
12o 6+a 

W U 
2 
3 + 4 
SU 
8 
3o + 
IS + e R ileyC o 
287* 
243e RioAlgm 
IAU 
Risdon 
4o 
IO 
I5sb 
H 7h Robnlch 
4+8 
37* Robtin lOe 

Ha 
2+s 
3 
57* 
27 V 

1'? + 
+* 
2 + a - 
'a 
3+4— 
»* 
6' 4— 
+8 
29+4+ 
'? 

17+a 
12 
Rockway 
3'ft 
2+* Rocor l l 
R ogers 
17* RoncoT 
4 '* Rossmr 
+a R oyB usF 
4+4 Ruddick .12e 
6+? Rudick pf 56 
I ' 1 R O S C O 
7+8 Russell 
44 
BU RustCfI 
16 
RvanH 

15 
2'? 
5U 
U 
6+4 
7 "a 
2+4 
9 
12+? 
2o 

9 
412 
3o 
I IO 
31 
28 
26U 
27U + IU 
83 
H U 14V* 
14'*. 
135 
13U M U 13U + 
43* 
4U 
4U + 
14 V? 
15 
+ 
2 U 
2 Vt. 
15 m s iv /? n u — 
'b 
29 
7 'B 
2 

I 
7 
111 
17 
15 
14 
2V? 

17 
I 
6 
24 
7 
294 
5 
IQI 

43a 
+* 
6+b 
; u 
2+s 
9 

4U 
+ 6 
6'4 
7H 
I 7* 
8+? 
8 
166 
I Ha l l 

9U 
A Hft 
U U 
2 U 
5 + 4 

7+a SGL 
. 16r 
6 
H e SGSec 
IS7* SGSe pf 17o . 
2U SM P 
4 
4+s SSPInd 
,33e IO 

5o IO 445 
16+* 
16 
S -T -U 

2'* + 
4+a........ 
+ *-1 -1 6 
6+ft— 
+8 
7+i + 
U 
17*— 
+* 
8+*..... 
I U * - 
14 
16 
— 
',* 

8 
I Vi. 
3o 
SU 7U 
HO 
IU Ha l l 
16+? 16'? 16'/? + 
2 
2+a 2Vft 
2Va . .. 
IS 
4U 4U 
43* + 
15+? 
H U STPCp 
8o 12 
227 
14+ft 
13+ft 
14': 
I ’ 

Yearly 
High lo w 
WU 
IOU Salem 
,89t 
7+4 
6 
SCarlo 
63e 
1o7* 
9+? SDgo pf 
88 
IV * i i SDgo pf 
I 
89+? 
84U SDgo pf 7 8o 

Sot** 
N et 
(hds.) High la w la s t Chg. 
7 
372 
16'? 
14'.* 
IS '/*— IU 
43 
6+ft 
6V* 
6 Va— +* 
I 
IOU IOU 
IO '*— 
'* 
I 
IVA 
H U l l ' * .......... 
Z2oQ 
87 
87 
87 
— 
+* 
21 
28+4 28'/? 
28'? 
W U 
28 4 1 ^ ° ^ ’ 23^ ?4 
56 W * . J J 7 * 1 2 3 * + 
'* 
14'* ll 
I U 
U S F R E w t 
18+1 
3U 
IO '* 
7+ft 
12 
3U 
7U 
77S 
2 U 

1634 SanJW 
I 4o 
7 x 24 
17'A 
17 
3V* Sargent 
6 
1o9 
33ft 
3U 
77* SaundrL 
.3o 
3 x44 
8+e 
77* 
6s* ScheibE 
.56 
9 
8s# Schenuit 
6oa 6 
2U Schiller 
28 
63* School P .4o 
6 
5s* Schrader .3o 
7 
Hft Sci M at 
o9e 13 

1815 1615 1615 16 
17 
+ 
Vt 
3+*— 
' 6 
8 
— 
Va 
6+*— 
'ft 
11U + 
+* 
2+ ft.. 
7 
+ 
6 
.. 
2 

6+ft 

217* 
16 
Sci Atta 
.12 1) 

4o 
7 
48 
IV A 
IO 
15 
27* 
2+A 
9 
7 
47 
6'* 
12 
2 
74 
18 

V* 
7 
SU 
2 
17'* 
17'?+ 
Va 
36+s 
24+ft Scope In 
% 5z125o 317* 3o+ft 
3 1 U + U 
14'* 
13+a Scrivner 
7o 5 
13 14'* 
14 
14V*+ 

4 
V ? 
6 ’B 
4 Vft 
25 
3 '* 
2’ 8 SecMtgln 
5 16 5 32 SecM t In w t 
6+ft 
5 '* SelasCp .3o 
7 
IU 
I 
Set ig Asse 
5U 
4' ? Semtch 
,18t 
8 
6+* 
5 
Servisco 
.3o 
5 
87* 
4 
Servo 
9 
9 '* 
7 '* SetonCo .45 
8 
4V* 
3 '* ShaerS .25e 
7 
14+ft 
12'* Sharon 
I 7 
9+a 
8’/? 
Stiawln .5ob 8 
23* 
Hft SheltrR 
7'? 
6+? ShndCp 
24t 
28'/? 
2o'/? ShenanO 
3 
2+b S hopw ell l l 
19 
15+ft Showbot 
I 
6 
3 
I 
Shulm Tr 
8'* 
5U S ierrcin .2o 
8 
1o+4 
9' ? Sifcolnd .5o 5 
97* 
63* Sigma 
26e 7 
3' a 
23* SikesCp A 
9U 
67* Silo Inc 
4 
37# 
27's SimcoS 
25b 
IO l l 
8 U Simkins 
8o 
6 
3+4 
Ha S im p le x 
13 
2 
IU SitkinSR 
2+4 
Ha Solitron 
IO7* 
8+ft SonderBr .32 
5 
S' ? 
4 '* Sorg Paper 
.. 
15+ft l l 'ft Soundsn 
.4o 
5 
8 U 
8 
SoestCap 8o 49 
13+ft 
12 
SCEd pf 1.o2 
13+ft 
12+e SCEd pf I o6 
13+ft 
12»A SCEd p fl o8 
15+? 
13U SCEd pf 1.19 
24 
2o+? SCEd p f l .68 
19'ft 
167b SCEd pf 1.45 
17+* 
16 
SCEd pf 1.3o 
28Vft 
26'* SCEd p«2 3o . 
27' 7 
25 Va SCEd pf 2.21 
95 
88'* SCEd pf7.58 .. loft3* IOO 
SCEd p f8 7o .. 
1o7 
1o1 
SCEd p f8 96 .. 
22+* 
183ft Swst A ir! .28 
6 
5+? 
4U SwtGFin .2o 
5 
H U 
9+4 Spartek 
.4o 
8 

1 
16U 
IAU 
IA U — 
'/? 
2 
93# 
9U 
9 3 * - 
2+ft 
IU 
3 '* 
Vft 

2o+* 
IAU Scurry R 
9 
IO 
S '* SbdAIM il .4o 
4 
2+ft Sealctro 
13 
49 
Va Seaport 
9 
9 
3Vi Seaprt pf 
56 
Z45o 57*' 
5U 
2 '* S e a rsln d 
28 3U 
27* 
IO 
SeasnAII 26 15 
676 
22 * 
18 i 
22 — 
• 
148 V B 
2 +* 2+*— 
U 
48 3 16 5 32 5 32— I 16 

27/*— 
+* 
IV * ............ 
57*............ 
3+*+ 
U 

28 
24 
13 
26 
44 
7 
7 
39 
13 

5'ft 
I 
4Vi 
5 
5 
87* 
8s* 
3U 
3U 

9+» 
2'ft 
A7* 

5 + * - 
1 
— 
'.* 
4'/?— 
Vt 
S3* - 
U 
SU— 
'4 
8U + - 
U 
33#-------- 
12’ft 
12+4— 
V t 
8+4 
9+8.......... 
2 '* + 
Va 
V B .......... 
16 
353 
$3 

17* 
AU 
2o+i 
23 
18 
2U 
2+* 
2 U + 
17 
1 8 'i 
177* 
18'/? + 
I 
7 Va 
V B 
27 
7'? 
I I 
1o+8 
IO 
147 
A7* 
SU 
2U 
2U 
73b 
3U 
I 
IO 
3'ft 
IO 
IU 
97 
2 
32 
1o+8 
9U 
14 
5U 
5+ft 

7 
3 '* 
IO 
27* 
IU 
I 7* 

V/2-F u 
7 U — 
U 
IO 
— 
'* 
91/4-1- V * 
2 3 8 - 
+8 
7 U .......... 
3 '* — 
U 
IO 
— 
Vs 
3+8........ 
17*+ 
+8 
2 
+ 
U 
97*— 
+2 
5 \B 

6' s 
8U 
5 
2U 

5'L S p ecltyR 
6+4 Spector lOe 33 
37* Spectro 
.121 
4 
17* SpedOP l i t l l 
V a l I-16 Speizm n 
23# Spencer o8e 
734 
4se SpencrF 
o8j 
6U 
57a Splentex 
.48 
AU 
4U StaffrUL 
18' ? 
IS'a SfdAltn 
I 
6'4 
5+e StdCont 
15r 
16'A 
14 
StdCoosa 
.9o 
478 
3 
StdMetl 
9+b StdMof A 
.4o 
12 

9o 
11+ft H U l l 3 *+ \B 
4 
o+4 
8+4 
8+4 x13 
13 
12+* 
12+8+ +8 x33 
13+4 M U 
12+2— U 
17 
13'4 M U 
13 
— U 
38 
147/b U U 
H U -+ U z5o 
23' ? 23' 7 
23'?— +? x24 
18U 17+ft 
17+ft + ' ft 
28 
17'ft 167* 
17 'ft+ +* 
79 
27+4 
26U 
27’ a........ 
47 
26+ft 26 
26+e— U 
151 
92 
9o'? 
9 1 '*— 1+4 
8 1o2+ft 1o2+ft 1o1 Va ft 
'ft 
I 1o5' 8 1o5+8 1o5'*— 
+1 
145 
2oU 18+4 
2os* ft- U 
19o 
5 
4U 
5 
+ 
'ft 
5 
1o+ft IOU 
1o+ft + U 
17 
AV* 57* 
6 
— +e 
14 
AU 
6' 7 
6+*— 
'* 
37 
4+* 
4'ft 
4+a......... 
17 
2 '* 
2 
2 
— 
Vt 
215 1615 1615 1 6 -1 1< 

7e 9 16 S tdP rud w t 
24'* StdShrs .4or 
. . . 
6U Stange 
.12 
9 
6+s 
5+i StanAv 
.2oe .. 
12+b l l 
StarSup .76 
4 
Vft 
I 
Stardust 
17' ? 
14+a S tarrtH o .36 
6 
8+? 
6U Steelmt ,24b 13 
21+? 
15s* Stepn Ch 
.6o 
8 
I U 
I 
Ster! El 
9 
3 
2' 7 Ster I E xt 
IO 
6 
5+8 
3+ft Stevcoknit 
5 
77e StrutW 
.3o 8 
4+ft SueAnn 
.24 7 
+/4 S u m m it 
5 
3+4 SunCifyl 
.25 6 

27 
147* 

12+8 
5+? 
I J* 
4U 
23U 
IAU SunElec 
6o IO 
1o+4 
8+* Sunair 
,45e 6 
18+a 
12 
Sundnc 
2ob 31 
7' 2 
AU SunsbJr .28 
6 
17' ? 
16 
SupFdS 
.4o 
9 
4'? 
3U Supercr 
1oe 4 
8+4 
5+b Sup Ind I 
12b 6 
8 
5 
SupSurg 
.14 6 
5'4 
27e Susqueh 
14 
1234 
1o+4 Susqhn pf 25k 
U 7 16 S u trM tg w t 
7+4 
5+8 Synaloy 3ob ! 
24s# 
H U Syntex 
5o 
8 
IAU 
137# SyscoCp .4o 
7 
7+* 
5 
4SystEng 
22 
Ha 
H e T F I 
6 
43a 
3+4 T alleyln w t 
15 
13'ft T a n d y B r 
4 
2o+4 
18'b Tasty 
1.2oa 
8 
V a il 16 TechS ym 
3+b 
2+e Tech Op 
■ ■ 27* TechTap 
4 
4 
Techtrl 
.16 3 
3 + 4 
5V* 
177* 
13U TejonR 
2oa 
8+8 
7 
TeleCm 
.36 
4 
18 
W a Teleflex 
32t 
8 
7 16 
'* T elexC p w t .. 
4Va 
2+4 Tenna 
o8a 
5 
8' 2 
5'ft Tenneco w t 
. 
2 '* 
IU TenneyEn 
19 
I U 
I Vs Tensor 
15' 7 
11+4 Teradyn 
14 
13+a 
1o+4 TerraC 
.8o 
6 
58+? 
56 
TxPL pf4.56 . 
7 7e 
5s* Texslar 
o7e 
7 IMO 
15 16 
+2 Thor Cp 
4 '* 
2+b T h o ro fa r 
8 U 
A1 7 T h r iftim t 
' a 
V B 
IU Tidw ell 
27 
8+ft 
5+e T iffa n yl 
.2o 
4 l l 
5s* T im ple 
8 
27 
M U Tokheim .8o 
6 
49+4 
47 
TolEd pf4.25 .. 
96+4 
9o 
TolEd pf8.32 
1o9 
1o6 
TolEdpf 
IO .. 
8+a 
6Vft ToppsGu .28 IO 
15+a 
123* TorfnCp 
8o 
8 
8+a 
57s Total Pet 
8 
213 16 He To! Pet w t 
17 
W a Total p l 
.7 o .. 
27e 
2+a T o w riC try 
2s a 
2 
TransLux 
14 
3+? 
2U Tredw y 
o5r 
4 
IH e 
IO'* T riS tM tr 
8o 
5 
7U 
5U Trice 
1oe 
8 
311 16 1+4 T ubosM .H e 
9U 
5V? Tultco 
.4o 
4 
26+? 
22+ft TurnrC 
144 
7 

1.2oa 
3+* UIPCp 
.2o 
Ha UNACp 
3s* URSCp 
48 
4 
UVInd wt 
6+* U n im a x 
3 
4Vft Unimax pf 
8s* UnGasA 
.69 
4U Union Inv 
8+ft U nA irP d 
56 
Je UnBrand w i 
V * U nFoods s8 U N atC p 
5-32 I 16 U N atCp w t 

15+a 
13'? U&l 
3 + 4 
2 + 4 
4s* 
6' a 
IO 
5s a 
9U 
7 + 8 
IOU 
U 
1 Va 
2 

6 
4U 
9+8 
16+8 
12 
9'a 
8 

3+s UNatCp pf 
2+ft U P iece D 
7+4 USBcpTr 
U S F iltr 
.28 

1 • 
A'? 
37b 

+4 U nR ltT w t 
3 + 8 U S N tR s 
2+8 USRdium 
IS '4 
W a USRbR 
34 
IH e 
3'ft 
2U 
17 + 4 
12 
15 + 4 

3o'4 Unitek 

6 
21 la 
9 
.3o 13 
7+4 UnityBuy 
2' ? UnivCig 
o5 
Ha UnivCont 
13's UnivRs 
2oe 
8+ft Univ Run .52 
11+4 UnvSav 
.48 

A7 8 
H U 
5 U 
2sb 
1o+8 
16+4 
2 + 8 
26' 2 
9 
He 
4' a 
4+a 
1 
2+4 
6+4 
3 U 
3 U 
2 V? 
211 7 
43* 
IO U 
15 + 2 
3 U 
26+? 
13+4 
8U 
3 U 
9+a 
25sa 
6'4 
18' 4 
H U 
9 16 
47a 
5U 
25' B 
25ss 
5 
2U 
7 
4 7a 
7U 
91 j 
87* 
8 1 a 
6+8 
3 
U 
A U 
9 
4+? 
9 
2+8 
55 
2+ft 
4+a 
I U 
IO U 
M U 
6 7* 
I U 
8U 
M U 
15 
18sb 

6 
8 
6 
8 
U l l 
IO 
3o 

IO 

6 
VallesSt .621 
IOU Vatmac 
.8o 
4+? Valspar 
28 
2U Val LD ? 
o2e 
87b Van Dom 5o 
11+e Veeco 
32a 
He V e rit 
2V 2 V erm ntA .32 
4U V em itron 
IU V e rlip le 
2s b Vesely 
IU Viatech 
13 16 V ikin g G 
H * VintageE 
SU Vireo 
2+? V ishay 
2+ft VisualG 
o5r 
2 '* Vol Mer 
12 
Voplex 
72a 
3 
VulcnCp 
8U Vulclnc 
.5o 
13+* V ulclncpf 
I 
2+ft WTC Inc.IO 12 
W a W UIIne 
8o 
8 
IO'* Wabash 
25e 
8 
6sb Wacknht 
4o 
8 
2 
W adelEq .1o 
6'4 Wainoco 
19 
2oU WalcoN 
5ob 
7 
4+4 W allacS 2oe IO 
13+7 Wang Lb 
17 IO 
IV ? W angLB .22 IO 
U W ardFds w t 
. 
3+a Wards Co 
4 
4+? WarnC p f OS 
21+? WasPstB 
36 
23s* W RIT 
I 76 
3+? W atsco 
2o l l 
2+e Weiman 
9 
5+ft W eldTuA 
8 
4 
Wellco 
.25 
9 
6+8 WescoF n 
9 
7+ft West Ch P 4o IO 
7 
W stFinl 
15a 21: 
5+4 W hippny .2o 4o 
5+4 W hitaker 
4o IO 

15 

2+b W hitehall 
+4 W hittakr wt 
2+a Wichita 
7+* Wmhous 
4 
Wilson Br 
7+4 W inklm n 
V? W in stn M 

7 

2o 
36 
8 
3o 
5 
4o 
A 
9 
51+4 WisP pf 4 5o 
2+j W olfHB 
36 
3+4 Wood Ind 
U W oolLt 
o6e 
WorcstC 
9' ? W orkW r 
AO 
4' i W rather o5e 
+4 W rig h tH 
5U W yleLab .32 
9+4 W ynnln 
.3o 
M U W ymBn 
,56 
U U Xonics 

16 

7 
5 
8 
IO l l 

94 
27* 
2s* 
23*— 
Vt 
89 
47/8 
4U 
4s* — 
+ t 
2o 
6+ft 
6 
A 
— 
'a 
46 
5U 
5 
5U . . 
2 
17+8 
17+8 
17'/*— i* 
17 
5'4 
5*8 
SU. - 
Vt 
25 
I5U 
147* 
15'/*+ 
35 
W a 
4 
4 
269 
11V? 
1o+ft 
11*#+ 
'V t 
177 
11** 
1o*8 
IO'?— 
7 8 l l 
23+? 
227* 
2 3 '* + 
Vft 
2111-16 
U I L 16 
9 
26*8 
26 
26*»+ ie 
125 
7+? 
6+8 
7 
— 
U 
3 
57* 
57* 
5 U . . 
14 n u l l 
11+8 + 
' 8 
35 
V i 
IV* 
I Va + 
U 
28 
15+ft 
15 
15U— 
3 ft l l 
AU 
63 ft 
6+ft- 
+8 
59 
21+? 
2o 
21'/?+ 
IU 
141 
IU 
I 
1 
— u 
7 
2+ft 
2+i 
2+?— 
1 8 
166 
5+8 
4U 
* 
— 
+* 
175 
U U l l 
113* + 
'ft 
12 
4U 
4 '* 
4+ft— 
3* 
1715 16 
3/ft 
V t.. 
6 
4 
A 
A f u 
46 
2o U 
19U 
2o+s— 
'ft 
8 
8+ft 
8' a 
8'ft + 
+8 
228 
13'ft 
12 
13+8 + 
+2 
4 
61* 
6U 
6 ',*+ 
Vt 
12 
16+8 
16 
16U— 
’ 8 
6 
4 
3U 
37*— 
'ft 
39 
8 
7U 
8 
+ 
V t 
45 
6'ft 
6 
6'e . 
288 
4+ft 
4+* 
A’ 2 . 
68 
12+ft 
123* 
12+*-- 
' e 
18 9 16 
+2 
V?— 
1 8 x53 
6 
5U 
5*4 
11o3 
18 
17'/? 
177* + 
U 
AO 
16+8 
15U 
153*- 
' ? 
149 
AU 
5+ft 
6' 8 + 
+8 
26 
1*4 
IU l*/ft + 
+8 
3 
3+ft 
33ft 
3+ft. 
18 
14' 7 
14+b 
143,*— 
'+* 
12 
18U 
18' 8 
18'?— 
'ft 
31 
7* 
3/ft 
3/ft. . 
36 
278 
2U 
2+ft 
6o 
3U 
2 7* 
3 
51 
4U 
4+8 
4V?.. 
13 
14' 8 
137* 
14 
— 
'ft 
29 
7U 
7 
7 U + 
3b 
IO 
15'ft 
15'* 
15'* + 
V t 
A 
+8 
Vt 
U 
1o8 
2 + 4 
V a 
2+* + 
+* 
11o 
57* 
5+8 
5 7 8 - 
' 8 l l 
2 
IU 
17/e— 
'# 
I 
I U 
13* 
I* * .. 
54 
13 
M U 
13 
+ u 
253 
H U 
11*8 
1V/4+ 
' 8 
Z25 
58 
58 
58 
IMO 
7 
5$» 
6 Vft— 
1 
14 9 16 
V t 9 16+1 
16 
3 
23* 
2*/ft— 
+4 
8 
8+* 
K - -V a 
8' ft — 

51 
2 
17* 
17*. . 
SO 
6*8 
5*8 
6 
+ 
+4 
6o l l 
IO3# 
IO U .. 
1o8 
22'* 
2o+ft 
2He— i u 
Z55o 
48*ft 
47'* 
48+*-+ 
3.4 
ZlO 
92 
92 
92 
+ 
Va z3oo 1o8 
1o7'? 1o7'2 . 
4 
6+4 
6*8 
6+e— 
14 
5o 
15 + 8 
14+b 
15*8 + 
*ft 
526 
7'? 
6+ft 
7+2 + 
3ft 
134 
2+8113 16 
2 U + u 
2o 
IS'? 
U U 
15'/?+ 
IU 
21 
2'? 
2*8 
2 U — 
'ft 
191 
2*8 
2 
2 
— 
V 8 
26 
2U 
2+i 
2+8 
53 
IO7* 
IO'* 
1o+4 + u 
168 
A7* 
6 
6' * - u 
73 
2*8 
2U25 16— I 
16 
8 
8+? 
8'ft 
8 U + 
',# 
4 
25+ft 
25+2 
25+?. . 
248 
4 
3+ft 
4 
+ 
'ft 
14 
14 
13** 
13+ft— 
I 4 
8o 
3+8 
3+i 
V t — 
'* 
23 
2 
IU 
V t . . . x23 
4*8 
4U 
4+*. . 
13o 
5 
4U 
5 
391 
9*8 
7+4 
9 
— 
3# 
73 
5 
41 2 
43*— 
*8 
7 
9' ft 
8 7* 
9+ft F 
' 2 
112 
7U 
6 
6 + a - 
3 ft 
22 
9+ft 
9 
9 U . . . 
59 
*8 u 
*8 
. 
73 
1*8 
IU 
V /A — 
’ VB l l 
IU 
H b 
1 * 8 - 
1 B 
22 I 16 I 16 1-16— 1 32 
2o 
4+ft 
4 
4+8— 
38 
9 
2+o 
2*4 
2+ft — 
' a 
34 
8+ft 
7+ft 
8 
— 
'* 
977 
16 
15U 
15**— 
1 a 
1o8 
9 
8 7* 
SU— 
1 B 
5! 
*8 
Va 
Va— 
Vt 
11o 
5+4 
47* 
5 
. 
62 
3U 
27* 
3 
- u 
6 
15 
U U 
14+2— u 
5 
31' 2 
31+2 
3V 2. . 
69 
8'2 
7+ft 
8U + 
38 l l 
2+8 
2U 
2+2— 
1 8 
17 
V? 
Ha 
V 2.. . 
174 
14+8 
13 + 8 
1 3 *4 - 
' 5* 
13 
IV ? 
IO7* 
1o7/8— 
7 8 l l 
15$» 
15+8 
15U + 
Vft 

-VV 
IT 
X 
6' 4 
AU 
6+s— 
1 8 
15o 
U U 
1 3 'i 
14 
+ 
* 8 
9 
4*4 
4U 
43»— 
1 B 
5o 
2*8 
2+ft 
2+ft . 
32 
9+4 
9 
9 
— 
99 
16+ft 
H U 
16+7 3 
7* 
I 
2 
2 
2 
+ 
1 B 
6o 
24'? 
23U 
24 
— 1+4 
946 
9 
8U 
9 
+ 
1 8 
IO 
I Va 
IU 
IU 
I 
2U 
23* 
23* 
7 
37b 
33* 
3 U - 
+8 
13 
7 a 13 1613 16— 
1 8 
14 
IU 
IU 
13*— 
U 
16 
5+ft 
5*8 
5' 2— 
+4 
36 
3'ft 
3 
3 U . 
24 
2'? 
2+ft 
2*8— 
' 8 
$9 
2U 
V t 
2 U - 
+8 
154 
2V? 
18'ft 
2o ft- 2 
6 
3U 
3U 
37/8 + v« 
82 
9'8 
9 . 
9 
— 
' 8 
3 
13+e 
13+8 
1 3 *8 - 
U 
14 
3'4 
3+8 
3Vft + 
' 8 
115 
25 78 
24+ft 
257/* + 
U 
7o 
12+/4 
12+8 
M U 
169 
8S8 
73/ft 
7+i— 
7* 
7 
2+4 
2 
2U + u l l , 
7*/4 
7 
7 Va + 
'* 
28 
25U 
24+9 
25 
+ 
+2 
117 
6 
53* 
5+a 
132 
15U 
U U 
15'* + 
'■ft 
38 
14+8 
137 8 
H U + 
Vt 
2 
'4 
Vft 
Va . .. 
32 
4U 
33* 
V t - 
'ft 
73 
5*8 
4+4 
47*— 
'ft x44 
21*4 
21U 
21U. .. 
7 
24'? 
24U 
24U— 
3b x6 
4 
37* 
3 7 * - 
1 8 
25 
2'? 
2+ft 
2+8— 
' 8 
23 t 
5+4 
6 
■*- u 
•6 
AVa 
4'ft ft'* 
. 
7 
7*8 
7 Va 
7U-+ u 
4 
8 
8 
8 
143 
BU 
8 
8U + i 2 
I 
5+8 
5U 
5+#— 
1 a 
4 
5+2 
SU 
5 '/? .... 
66 
27* 
2U 
2+ft ft 
+* 
4o 
3* 5 16 
*8 ft-1 16 
2o1 
47* 
37* 
4+2 + 
3b 
21 
7+2 
7U 
7 '# + 
V# 
44 
4 
4 
4 x2 
83,4 
83/4 
8**4 
U 
7 
IT* 
IU 
17/8 + 
'ft z12o 
533* 
53+4 
53+ft— 
' ? 
13 
23# 
2'? 
2+?— 
1 8 
5 
3U 
3 Va 
3'/«.. . 
8 
I 
15 16 
I 
* 
78 
1o+2 
IO 
1o+4+ - ’t x8 
IO 
9+? 
IO 
+ 
*8 
55 
534 
5+i 
5+a 
8815 1613 1613 16— I 
16 
182 
8 
7+ b 
77#.. .. 
H I 
1o+8 
978 
IOU 4 
3 4 
32 
14' 2 
U U 
U '/4 + 
Vt 
64 
16 
15 Vft 
16 

- z 
9 v+8 
9+ft 
9 7 *.... 
67 
6'? 
53* 
A U F i e 
IO 
8+2 ZeroCo 
.36 
6 
7+4 
514 Zim m er 
24 
8 
W E E K LY A M E R IC A N STOCK SALES 
Total for w e e k ............................................................. 11,16o,ooo 
Week ago ............................. 
13,92o,ooo 
Year ago 
....................................................................9,712,635 
Jan I lo date 
............................................................ 231,54o,ooo 
1976 to date 
274,997,69o 
W E E K LY A M E R IC A N 
.......................BOND SALES 
Total for week 
..........................................................$4,41o,ooo 
Week ago 
$7,82o,ooo 
Year ago 
............................................ 
$5,o81,ooo 

Bulter and Eggs 

CHICAGO 
(A P ) 
— (USDA) 
- B u tte r steady, wholesale buying prices Friday unchanged; 93 score A A 1 oo71; 92 A 
I oo71 9o B unquoted 
Eggs weak, sales delivered store door cartons 2 low er ; A extra large 54 61; A large 53 58. A m edium s 48 53. 

NEW YO R K (A P ) — (U S D A )—Whole sale egg o ffe rin g s steady, prices un changed 

San Antonio_EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 

Chicago Options 

W E E K L Y INVESTING C O M PAN IE S 
NEW YO RK (AP) — W eekly Investing 
Companies g ivin g the high, low and last jrice s for the week with the net change 
‘rom the previous week's last price 
All quotations, supplied by the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., 
-effect net asset values, at w hich securities could have been sold. 
High Low Last 
Chg 
5 25 
5.14 
5.25 f .o4 
14 88 
14.55 
14.88 f l l 
9 4o 
9 27 
9,4o— .o4 
7 o8 
6 97 
7 o8 + .o4 
12.97 
12.87 
12 87— o5 
8.58 
8 43 
8.58— .o2 
8 11 
8.o2 
8.11— .o6 
IO 37 
IO 22 1o 37— .o1 
9 76 
9 66 
9 76+ .o5 
4.92 
4.86 
4.92+ .o2 

AGE Fund 
Acorn Fd n 
A dvanlnv n 
Aetna Fund 
Aetna Incom Shr 
A fu tu re F d n 
A ilstateS tk n 
Alpha Fund 
Ani B irth rg h t T r 
A rn E q u ity Fd 
A m erican Funds 
Am Balance 
A m cap Fund 
A m M utu al Fd 
BondFd Am 
CapFd Am 
G ro w th F d A m 
Incom eFdA m invC oA 
NewPersp Fd 
W ashM utl Inv 
Am er G e n e ra l: 
AGenCap Bd 
AGenCap Gth 
AGen Incom e 
AGen Venture 
E q u ity G rth 
Fund Of A m 
Provident Fd 
A m G row th Fd 
Am Ins& lnd 
Am Investor n 
Am Inv Int Fd n 
A m N a tG ro w th 
Anchor G roup: 
D a ilyln co m n 
G row th Fund 
Incom e 
Spectrum 
Fundm Invest 
W ashing Nat 
Audax Fund 
A xeH oughton: 
Fund B 
Incm Fnd 
Stock Fund 
B l.C G ro w th F d 
Babson Incom n 
B a bsonlnvm t n 
BeaconFtillM t n 
BeaconInv n 
Berger Group lOOFund n to I Fund n 
B e rkshire Cap 
Bondstock Cp 
BostFound Fd 
C alvin B ullock: 
B ullo ckF und 
Canadian Fnd 
D ividend Shrs 
M onthly Incm 
N ation W ides 
N Y Venture 
CG Fund 
CG Incom eFd 
C apPresvFd n 
C e ntu ryS hrT r 
Challenger Inv 
C h a rte rF d ln c 
Chase O r Bos 
Fund 
F ro n tie r Cap 
Sharehold 
Special 
C hpSideDollr n 
C hem ical Fund 
C N A M qem tF ds: 
L ib e rty Fund 
M anhattan Fd 
Schuster Fd 
C o lo n ia l: 
C onvertible 
Fund 
G rw th Shr 
Incom e 
C olum bG rth n 
.Com w thTr A S B 
C o m w lthT rC 
Composite B&S 
Composite Fd 
Concord Fd n 
C onsolidatlnv 
Constat InGth n 
C o ntM utlnv n 
C ountryC ap In 
D evidqeFundn teV egh lM ut n 
D elaw are G roup: 
D ecatur Inc 
D e law are Fd 
Delchester Bd 
Delta Trend 
D irectors Cap 
Dodo Cox B ain 
DodgCxStk n 
D re xlB u rn h m n 
D reyfus G rp : 
D reyfus 
E q u ity n 
Leverage 
LiquidA sset n 
S pecllncom n 
T axE xem pt n 
T h ird C entury 
E agleG rth Shr 
- a lo 
5 H o w a rd : 
Balance Fund 
Foursquaren 
G row th Fund 
Incom e Fund 
Special Fund 
Stock Fund 
EdieS plG thn 
FdsonGld n 
Egret Fund 
F lfu n T ru st n 
F a irfie ld Fund 
F a rm S u rM u tn 
F ederaledF unds: 
Am Leaders 
E m p ire Fd 
Fourth E m p ir 
T a xF re e n 
F id e lity G roup: 
Bond Deb 
Capital 
C ontrafund n 
D a ilyln co m n 
D estiny 
E q u ity ln c m ii 
M agellan 
M uni Bond n 
F id e lity 
P u ritan 
Salem 
T h rift Trust n 
Trend 
F in a n c ia lP ro g : 
D yn am F d ii 
Indue I Fd n 
Incom eFd n 
Psf Investo rs: 
D iscovery 
FundG row th 
Incom e 
Stoc k F und 
F s iM u ltA m n 
Psi M utt Dly n 
F orty Four WH n 
FoundG row th 
Founders G roup: 
G row th 
Incom e 
M utual 
Special 
F ra n klin G roup: 
Brow n Fd 
DNTC 
G row th 
U tilitie s 
Incom e Stk 
USGovt Sec 
R esrch Capit 
Resrch Equty 
F ra n k ln L f E qty 
F d F o rM u tD n 
Fundpack 
Fund Inc G rp 
C om m erce Fd 
Im pact Fund 
Indust Trend 
Pilot Fund 
GenEISSP n 
GenSecurit n 
G ro w th ln d n 
H am ilton 
Fund HDA 
G row th Fund 
Incom e 
H a rtw ell G rth n 
H a rtw tlL e ve rn 
H eritage Fund 
H olding Trust n 
H oraceM ann Fd 
ISI G roup 
G row th 3 
I 
K 
N 
C O 

7 95 
5 35 
9 69 
14 98 
6 12 
4 46 
16 22 
13 75 
15 98 
6.7o 

8 96 
4 OI 
6 49 
IO 99 
6 47 
6 56 
3 95 
5 46 
4 99 
5.55 
12.14 
2 79 

I OO 
6.27 
7 44 
4 42 
6 66 
9 9o 
7.61 

7 83 
5.o2 
5 82 
IO 28 
I 8o 
9 o2 
8 19 
8 97 

6 96 
9 OO 
7.76 
4 82 
9.44 

12 72 
7 4o 
3 oo 
14 77 
1o o3 
11.2o 
9 3o 
8.54 
I OO 
1o 99 
9 9o 
13 92 

7.87 
5 28 
9 59 
14.97 
6.o3 
4.35 
16 oo 
13 5o 
15 69 
6.6o 

8 95 
3 96 
6 46 
IO 79 
6.39 
6.49 
3.92 
5 38 
4 92 
5 45 
12. l l 
2 75 

7.95+ .o3 
5.35. 
9 69 + .o4 
14 98 f .o1 
6 ll 
4 46 F .o4 
16 22 + .15 
13.75 + .1o 
15 98+ .15 
6.7o— .28 

.o2 

MCD 
M FB 
M athersFnd n 
ML cap 
ML. RdyAs n 
Mid Amer 
MoneyM kMqt n 
MONY Fund 
MSBFund n 
Mutual Benefit 
M IF Fund 
M IF Growth 
Mutualof Omaha 
Am erica 
Growth 
Income 
Mutual Shrsn 
NE AM utual n 
N atllndustn 
Nat Secur S er: 
Balanced 
Bond 
Dividend 
Growth 
Preferred 
Income 
Stock 
N E l.iteF und: 
Equity 
Growth 
Income 
Side 
Neuberger B e rm : 
Enerqyn 
GuardianM n 
Partners n 
N euw irthFd n 
NewW rldFd n 
NewtonGwth n 
Newton In vFdn 
N icholasFdlnn 

8.96 + 
4.o1 . 
6 49 
IO 99— .o2 
6 47— .o1 
6.56— .o1 
3.95 
.o1 
5 46+ .o4 
4 99 + .o2 

o2 iN om uraC apFd 
2 y g 
I Hnrnscl ln%< ^ 

I OO 
6 19 
7.4o 
4 36 
6 57 
9 8o 
7 43 

Noreast Inv n 
NuveenFd 
I no lOmega Fund 
6 26— .o3 
- 
7.44+ .o2 
4.41. 
6 66 f .o2 
9.9 o - .o1 
7 61+ .o2 

7 79 
5 o1 
5.72 
1o.o7 
1 8o 
8 9o 
8.12 
8 9o 

6 88 
8 91 
7 66 
4.74 
9.34 

12.52 
7.37 
2 97 
14.75 
9 93 l l OI 
9 16 
8.51 
I oo 
IO 7o 
9 69 
13 62 

7.83— 
5.o2. 
5 82— 
IO 28 + 
I 

.o4 

8.97 .o6 

.o4 
.o5 
6.96- 
9.oo + 
7 76 
4 82+ .o3 
9 44 + .o2 

12.72+ .o5 
7 38— .o5 
3.oo 
14.76 
1o.o3+ o6 l l 2o+ .o7 
9 3o 
8.54+ .o3 
I oo 
1o 99+ .19 
9 9o + 
o5 
13 92+ .12 

6 17 
3 43 
7 38 
5.19 
11 62 
6 88 

4.41 
2 44 
7 29 

8 97 
9 28 
4 56 
8 81 
14.77 
I OO 
1 49 
9 o3 
7 33 
12 61 
1o oo 
5 59 
6 29 
11 41 
7.45 
29 96 

12 31 l l 22 
9 39 
4 8o 
4 o9 
22 13 
15 87 
9 72 

11 72 
5 3o 
15 4o 
1o OI 
7 3o 
15 66 
12 99 
IO o9 

6 o9 
3.37 
7 3o 
5 11 
11 35 
6.79 

4 36 
2 41 
7 18 

8 93 
9 21 
4.5o 
8 79 
14.51 
99 
I 47 
8 93 
7 17 
12 42 
9 75 
5 49 
6 25 l l 2o 
7 31 
29 45 

12.13 
11 o7 
9 36 
4 69 
4 o6 
21 89 
15 63 
9.61 

11.52 
5.19 
15.o7 
1o OI 
7.27 
15.62 
12 69 
9 91 

6 1 7 - 
3 43 + 
7 32— 
5 19 + l l 62 + 
6.88 

4.41— .o2 
2.44— .o2 
7.28— .o1 

Trust Shares 
T ru stU n its 
Industry Fund 
Int Investors 
InvestG uiln 
I 
N V 
S T 
I 
1 
5 
o 
I in ve stT r Bos 
Inv Counsel 
C apam erica 
C apitShrs Inc investors Group 
IDS Bond 
IDS G row th 
IDS N ew D im 
M utu al Inc 
P rogressive 
T axE xem pt 
Stock 
Selective 
V a ria b le P a y 
Invest Research 
IsteiFund Inc 
IvyFundn 
JP G row th Fd 
JanusFund n 
John H a ncock: 
Balance 
Bond 
G row th 
JohnstnM ut n 
Kem per Funds: 
G row th F d 
Incom e 
M oneyM kt n 
M unicpBnd 
S u m m ilF d 
Technology 
ToiR eturn 
K eystoneF unds: 
A pollo Fund invest Bd Bl 
M edG Bd B2 
Disc Bd B4 tn co m F d K I 
G row th F dK 2 
H iG r Com SI lncom StkS2 
G row th S 3 l.oP rC om S4 
P olaris 
I exinqton G rp 
C orpl eaders 
Lex in gtn G rth l.exing Incom 
I oxingtnR sh 
L ite ln s Inv t.incoln N a tl: 
SelectAm n 
Select Spec n 
Loom is Sa vies: 
C apital n 
M utu al n 
Lord Abbott 
A ffilia te d Fd 
Bond Deb 
Incom e 
Lutheran Bro 
Fund 
Incom e 
M unicipal 
USGovt Sec 
Massachusett Co 
Freedom Fd 
Independ Fd 
Mass Fd 
Mass F in a n c l: 
M IT 
M IG 
M ID 
M F D 
\ 

8 26 
8 32 
8 25 
6.o4 
6.o4 
8 91 
15 86 
8.7o 
IO 61 
14 ll 
9 56 
7 9o 

8.74 
18 6o 
17.55 
13.o5 

8 86 
7 96 
1o 52 
I OO 
9 47 
15.81 
22.78 
1o.49 
15.93 
11 OI 
4 91 
1o 51 
2o.83 

4 79 
4 36 
7 87 

4 96 
6 25 
8 64 
8 27 
7 95 
IO OO 
15 o9 
3 82 

4 36 
12 33 
8 89 
8 84 

3.-1I 
6 48 
5.o8 
4 6o 
I 74 
9 72 
2.35 
3 24 
7 83 
7 77 
8 IO 

8 72 
8 18 
1o 89 
8 71 
25 76 
9 4o 
16.55 

4.13 
6.77 
7 69 
1o 8o 
7 4o 
I 33 
I OO 
14 81 

4 55 
M 
E 
I . 11 ^8 
IO 34 
2 79 
3 o2 
7 63 
8 81 n d i 
. 4 8 
9 99 

8 17 
5.91 

5 98 
5.19 
4.41 
9 o2 
2 99 
4 95 
18.5o 
9 57 
6.17 
5.14 
19.12 
5.85 
1o 41 
17 OI 

8 94 
19 47 
5 59 
19 2o 

7 o2 
IO 94 
I OO 
IO 66 
IO 28 
7 19 
9 97 

3 98 
17 95 
19 53 
8 45 
7 79 
5 IO 
17.23 
9 33 
7 58 
3 6o 
3.77 

14 2o 
8 49 
1o 69 
14 94 
6 86 

6 99 
12.21 

1o 18 
12.83 

8.18 
11 19 
3 54 

1o.32 
9 25 
1o 21 
9 87 

8 o8 
6 98 
1o.55 

1o 39 
8 IO 
14 54 
11.68 

8 2o 
8 2o 
8 13 
6 o2 
5 96 
8 78 
15 67 
8 56 
IO 45 
13 97 
9 38 
7 84 

8 67 
18 38 
17 32 
13 o5 

8,84 
7 85 
1o 29 
I OO 
9 28 
15.51 
22.3o 
1o 49 
15 66 
1o 93 
4.82 
IO 49 
2o.41 

4 71 
4 3o 
7.79 

4.9o 
6 16 
8 59 
8 23 
7 9o 
IO OO 
14 87 
3.8o 

4.3o 
12.19 
8 73 
8 7o 

3.33 
6 38 
5.o1 
4.56 
I 72 
9 7o 
2 27 
3 18 
7 69 
7 62 
7 93 

8 6o 
8 o9 
1o 65 
7 97 
25 25 
9 28 
16 38 

4 o8 
6.68 
7.63 
1o 61 
7.21 
I 32 
I OO 
14 6o 

OneW illiam n 
Oppenheimer Fd 
Oppenhm Fd 
OpplncBos 
Mony Br n 
TaxFreeBdn 
A IM n 
Time 
Over Count Sec 
P aram tM utual 
PaulRevere 
PennSquare n i n? iP ennM utual n a i n 
' 'm 
Phila Fur,d 
B iv 
-o4 
I PhoenixCapFd 
Phoenix Fd 
P ilg rim G rp: 
P ilgrim Form 
P ilgrim Fd 
MagnaCap n 
Magna Incom 
PineStreetn 
Pioneer Fund: 
Fund ll 
Planned Invest 
Pliqrow thFnd 
Plitrend Fnd 
Price Funds; 
G row thFd n 
Incomen 
New Era n 
NewHorizn n 
Tax Preen 
P roFundn 
Provider Grth 
Pru SIP 
Putnam Funds: 
Convert 
Equit 
George 
Growth 
Income 
Invest 
TaxExem pt 
Vista 
Voyage 
RainbowFdn 
Reserve Fd n 
RevereFundn 
SafecoEquilFd 
Safeco Growth 
StPaul Cap 
StPaul Gwth 
ScudStevClk: 
Intl Fund n 
M M uniBd n 
ManageRes n 
Incomen 
CommonSt n 
Special n 
Security Funds: 
E quity 
Invest 
U ltra 
Sentinel Group; 
Apex Fund 
Balanced Fd 
Common Stk 
Sentinel G row th 
Sentry Fund 
Shareholders Gp: 
Comstock Fd 
Enterprise Fd 
Fletcher Fd 
Harbor Fund • 
Legal List 
Pace Fund 
SII carson Funds: 
Appreciation 
Income 
Invest 
SierraGth n 
ShrmnDeann 
Sigma Funds: 
Capital 
Invest 
Trust Sh 
Venture Shr 
Sm thBarEqtn 
Saith Bar ISG n 
SoGen Int 
Southwstn Inv 
Southwnlnv Gth 
Sovereign Inv 
SpectraFdn 
State BondGr. 
Common Fd 
D iversified F 
Progress Fd 
S tatFarm G thn 
Stat Farm Bal n 
Stalest Inv 
Steadman Funds 
Am erind n 
AssoFTrust n 
Invest n 
Oceanogra n 
Stein Roe Fds: 
Balance n 
CapOpn in 4Q 
I 
Stock n 
9o s i + 1 7 
SurveyorFd 
XU BJ * ic i „ m ,1r.ih r . 

8 9 7 - 
9 2 8 - 
4 56— 
8 8o + 
14 77 +- 
1 oo + 
1.49+ .o1 
9.oo+ OI 
7.33+ .o3 
12 61+ .2o 
9 8 7 - .25 
5.59+ .o1 
6,28— .o8 l l 41 + .o4 
7.45+ .o2 
29 96+ .o8 

12 31— l l 22 + 
9 39+- 
4 79 + 
4 o8 - 
22 13 + 
15 82 + OI 
9 72 
.o3 

11 72 + 
5 3o + 
15 4o + 
IO OI . 
7.3o *- 
15 66 + 
12 99 + 
IO o9 

8.26 
8.32 + 
8.25 + 
6 o4 

.o5 
.o3 
.o2 

12 88 
1591 
13 42 
12 86 
I OO 
5 16 
I OO 
8 9o 
13 72 
8 99 
8 49 
3 74 

11 71 
3,9o 
9 29 
28 77 
7.82 
IO 9o 

9,3o 
4 58 
4 o7 
5 38 
7 65 
5 47 
8 l l 

17. ll 
8 62 
13 94 
12 94 

14 76 
28 o5 
9 54 
8 o3 
1o 51 
11 37 
9 86 
14 l l 
9 53 
14.94 
9 65 
IO 33 
13.26 

6 11 
8.62 
I OO 
IO 39 
9.12 
7. 16 
12 38 
8 6o 
5 85 
8 o6 
3 64 
7.o5 
7 9o 
9.44 

12 8o 
8 48 
3 42 
9 26 
1o 95 

13 97 
15 o9 
11 59 
IO 84 
7 97 

9 61 
9 95 
IO 72 
6 8o 
1o 24 
6 o9 
7 39 
9 18 

11 98 
9 49 
13 58 
1o 24 
7 96 
7 25 
24 o7 
9 75 
11 66 
I 94 
I OO 
5 42 
8 9o 
8 86 
7 95 
7.14 

13 18 
IO 37 
1o o4 
14 78 
9 32 
22 78 

3.86 
7 39 
9 55 

3.38 
7 99 
12 26 
7 89 
11 65 

5 91 
5 ll 
5 22 
8 62 
6 63 
IO 28 

12 66 
15 38 
13 25 
12 66 
I oo 
5.o9 
I OO 
8 76 
13.53 
8.88 
8.3o 
3 67 

11 66 
3 85 
9 23 
28,55 
7.73 
IO 7o 

9 2o 
4 57 
4 o3 
5 3o 
7 58 
5 41 
8 o2 

16 76 
8 52 
13 91 
12 75 

14 53 
27.71 
9 4o 
7 87 
1o 35 
11 o8 
9.79 
13.87 
9 48 
14 93 
9 62 
IO 24 
13.o8 

6.o6 
8 AO 
I oo 
IO 37 
9 o3 
7.o2 
12.29 
8.43 
5.79 
7 89 
3 59 
6 93 
7 82 
9 38 

12 64 
834 
3.37 
9 21 
1o 79 

13.79 
14 93 
11 44 
1o 68 
7 9o 

9 46 
9 93 
1o 58 
6 68 
1o 22 
5 91 
7 29 
8 98 

11 87 
9 34 
13.41 
1o.12 
7.93 
7.16 
24 o3 
9 57 
11.44 
I 88 
I oo 
5 3o 
8.8o 
8 74 
7 86 
6 98 

13.o1 
1o 33 
1o o3 
14.66 
9.o7 
22 46 

3 8o 
7 29 
9 43 

3 31 
7 92 
12 l l 
7 81 
11 51 

5.83 
5 o6 
5.12 
8.57 
6 56 
IO. 19 

12 88+ .OI 
15 3 8 - .51 
13.42+ .o9 
12.7o 
.14 
I OO....... 
5.16 
I OO .... 
8 9o— .o4 
13 7 2 - .o3 
8 99 
8 3o- 
3.74 
.2o 

11.66— OI 
3.9o— .o3 
9 29 + .o3 
28 77+ .o6 
7 82 
.o3 
1o,9o+ .o8 

9 3o + .o1 
4 58 + .o1 
4.o7+ .o1 
5 38 + OI 
7 58— .o7 
5.47+ .o4 
8 o5— .o5 

17.11+ .14 
8.62- .o2 
13.91— .o2 
12 9 4 - .o2 

14.76+ .o8 
27.88 
.17 
9 54 + .o4 
8 o3 + .o6 
IO 51 + .o2 
11.37+ l l 
9 8 6- .o1 
14.11+ .14 
9.52— .o7 
14 94 + .o1 
9.63.. 
IO 31— .19 
13.26— .o5 

.o5 

 l e a d e r s 
NEW Y O R K (A P ) W eek's tw enty most 
Y e a rly active stocks 
Week's 
Sigh 
Low 
4o7* 
77+4 
21 + 8 
16+4 
557b 
47 7* 
32’ b 
26+8 
66' 4 
5? 
86+4 
6o 
65d 
617 8 
17'8 
14+8 
43’ 7 
28+4 
3o 
25+4 
1o*8 
8+8 
38 
33'? 
43' ? 
35+4 
78' ? 
66' B 
28 + 8 
23d 
17+4 
15+8 
3o 
25+4 
54 
36+s 
286'8 
256' ? 
34 
26'? 

KresgeSS 
Westgh El 
G e n t lee 
Am Home 
P h illips Pet 
East Kodak 
A m TT 
El Paso Co 
Babcok Wit 
TexacoIne 
SonyCorp 
ContOil 
Dow Ch 
Gen M otors 
OccidenPet 
Southern Co 
R e lG rpp f C 
D ig ita lE q 
IBM 
C iticorp 
NEW Y O R K (A P ) — Week's A m erican leaders 

Sles 
High low 
29’ ? 
27+4 
Last Chg. 
287' * - r 7 
1,664.1oo 
1,663.ooo 
21+* 
19+8 
21+8+- 1V« 
........ 1,391.4oo 
S37* 
51 
537* -* 
'? 
... . 1.359.2oo 
28 
26+s 
2 7 + *- 
7e 
1,1o4,2oo 
55+4 
52 
53'4— 4+4 
........ 1,o27,ooo 
63+* 
6o 
62+*— VA 
9)5,5oo 
63 
62+e 
63 
.......... 
843,7oo 
17+e 
15+8 
167a+- I '* 
837,2oo 
43+? 
41 
43+*+- P? 
. 
75o,5oo 
26 Vt 
26 
267*+- 
V? 
696,1oo 
9+4 
9+8 
9+4-+ 
+8 
67o,3oo 
37’ e 
35 
3* 1/4- 
7* 
658.6oo 
37+8 
35+4 
37+8— 
'? 
646.ooo 
68+* 
66' 4 
68+*+ 1+* 
639,ooo 
28+e 
27+4 
277*+- 
'a 
631 OOO 
16+4 
15+4 
IS7' * - 
Vt 
6o4.1oo 
26 
25+4 
25H+- 
+8 
549,9oo 
39+4 
36+* 
38+?+ IV* 
546,8oo 
262 
256’ ? 
258+'4+ 
+4 
543.3oo 
27 Vt 
16' } 
27 
— 
Vt 

Y early 
Week's 
High 
Low 
Sate 
High 
Low 
Last Chg. 
17+4+ 
'a 
19 
14+4 
Kaiser Ind 
483,ooo 
18' ? 
16+8 
6o’ a 
39d 
H ouO ilM 
+29,6oo 
46 Va 
43'? 
457* + 
'? 
77' / 
187 s 
Husky O il 
4o5,6oo 
27+? 
25+* 
27**+- 
*4 
17 + 8 
13'? 
KnickToy 
3oo,4oo 
17 + 8 
15' ? 
17+e+ V ? 
8 + 4 
4+4 
M am m M rt 
273.8oo 
8+4 
6'? 
8 + 4 + I7 8 
V t 
S d 
GI Bas Pet 
239,5oo 
VA 
67* 
73/4 4 - 
3/4 
43' ? 
3o'? 
Kewanee in 
7oo,2oo 
41+4 
37d 
38'*— 27s 
4' 8 
2 '? 
Intl Bnknot 
19o,ooo 
3+* 
2 + 4 
3 H + 
H 
15'a 
9' ? 
Presley Co 
........ 
183,8oo 
15'8 
12+8 
14H+- 2 
8’ ? 
4+8 
Fed Resrcs 
............. 141,4oo 
7*4 
67* 
VAA- 
Vt 
Averages 

5 16 
3 d 

F rida y, A pr. 29 pfion 8, price M ay 
Aug 
Nov Close 
2o a 
4+7 a 2 4 d 
25 
Vt 
2o b 
25 a 
3o 
I 16 
25 a 
3o 
I 16 
2o 
I 
25 
I 16 
3o a 
3o 
7 16 13 16 
2*8 

6 o8 
8 61 
1.oo 
. . . 
IO 39— .o1 
9 o 7 - .o8 
7 16+ .o5 
12.38— .o3 
8.57— .o8 
5 8o- .o5 
8.o6+ .o7 
3 64 
7 o5 . 
7.9o- .o2 
9 44— .12 

12 8o- 
8 48 + 
3 42 + 
9 26 + 
IO 95 + 

13.97+ .o5 
15 o9 ... l l 59+ . ll 
IO 3 4 - OI 
7 97— .o4 

9 61— .o3 
9 93— .o1 
1o 7 2 -. A1 
6 79 + .o4 
1o.22— .o2 
6.o9+ . ll 
7 39 
9.18+ .o4 

 l l 87— .11 
9 43 + .o1 
13 58 
,.. 
1o 24— .o1 
7.93— .o3 
7.25........ 
24.o5- .o2 
9 69+ .o3 
1164+ .o3 
I 94+ .o2 
LOO 
5.42+ .o4 
8 89 
.o3 
8 86+ .OI 
7 95 - .o1 
7.14+ .o7 

13.18— .o6 
IO 37 + .o3 
IO o3— .o1 
14 78 + .o6 
9.32+ .14 
22.78— .o5 

3 86 + 
7 39 + 
9 5 5 - 

3 38 + 
7.99 + 
12 26 + 
7 89 + l l 65- 

5.91 + .o4 
5 l l — .o9 
5 22 - .o4 
8 62+ .o2 
6 63 . 
1o.22 

6 o 3 - .o3 
.o3 
.o3 
.o1 

.o5 
.o5 
.o5 

.o2 

.o2 

8 91 + 
15.86- 
8 68 - 
IO 61. . 
14 IO— 
9 56 + 
7.9o— 

8 74 - 
18 6o 
17.55 + 
13o5 

8,84— .OI 
7 96— .o4 
1o.52+ .o7 
LOO........ 
9 47 + 
15.81 + 
22.78 + 
1o 49— 
15 93 + 
11 OI + 
4 91 + 

4 76-- 
4 36 + 
7 86 + 

.o1 
.o2 
.o3 

.12 

.o5 
.o3 

4.93- 
6 25 
8 64 + 
8 2 4 - 
7 .9 5 - o3 
1o.oo 
15.o9- .15 
3.81— .o5 

4 36 + .o2 
12 33 + .o9 
8 89 + .o3 
8.84+ .o2 

3.41 + .o4 
6 48— .o1 
5 o8 - OI 
4 6o 
1.74 
9.7o- 
2 35 + 
3 24 4 
7 83 - 
7.76- 
8. IO— 

.o2 
.o2 
.o2 
OI 
.o2 
o6 

8 72+ 
o6 
8 18 + .o2 
1o 89+ .13 
8 21+ .o8 
25.76 + 
2o 
9.4o— .o7 
16.49— o9 

4 13+ .o1 
6 77+ .o5 
7 69 + .o1 
IO 8o........ 
7 4o * 
OI 
I 33........ 
LOO 
. . 
14 81 
... 

4.46 
4.53— .o6 

IO 22 
2 76 
2 94 
7 38 
8.68 c t 
I 
9.86 

8.o4 
5 77 

5 97 
5 11 

IO 34 + .o5 
2 79+- .o2 
3.o2+ .o3 
7 63+ .o4 
8.81 + OI r n 
. 5 
o 
. 
9 99 + .o2 

TempGth Can 
Tem plnvFd n 
Transam Cap 
Transam Invest 
I ravelers EqFd 
TudorHedge n 
TOfhCentGlh n 
TOthCentlnc n 
USAACapGthn 
USAAlnc Fdn 
USGovt Secur 
U nitM utualn 
Unitund unavail 
Union Svc G rp: 
BroadSt Inv 
Nat Invest 
Union Capitol 
Unionlnc Fd 
United Funds: 
Accum ultiv 
Bond 
Cont Growth 
Cont Income 
Income 
Science 
Vanguard 
I UnitSvcsFdn 
Value Line F d : 
Value Line 
Income 
I evrged Grth 
Sped Sit 
I Vance Sanders: income 
Invest 
Common 
Special i/andrbltG thn j V a ndrbltlncm n 
Vanguard Group: 
Explorer Fnd n 
Fsflndex n 
IvestFund n 
Morgan Fnd n 
TrusteesEqn 
Wellesleyn 
W ellingtonn 
W estminBdn 
Windsor Fnd n 
Varied Indust 
Wall St Growth 
W einartnEq n 
West field G rw th 
Wisconsin Incm 
-No load fund 

16 37 ie 55 to 17 
8 88 
19 o7 

8 4) 
IO o2 
8 74 
9 99 
9 91 
12 53 
1o 77 
7 74 
4 67 
12 OO 
4 6o 

4.2o 
4 92 
3 79 
5 97 
9 36 
41.75 

2 29 
I o9 
I 38 
6 17 

17 o2 
8 47 
11 87 
8 38 
12 27 
LOO 
6.97 
9 28 
9 95 
13 5o 
3 94 
5 83 
7 29 
1195 
9 79 
8 36 

16.o2 
18 38 
9 99 
8 72 
18 54 

8 27 
9 94 
8 71 
9 89 
9 78 
12 47 
1o 69 
7 66 
4 57 
11 77 
4.5o 

4.15 
4.88 
3 77 
5 76 
9 28 
4125 

2 26 
I o9 
136 
6 ll 

16 84 
8.37 
11 65 
8 27 
12 o6 
LOO 
6 88 
9 16 
9 8o 
13 23 
3 84 
5 75 
7 19 l l 93 
9.75 
8.26 

16 37 
18 55 • 
IO 17 • 
8 88 • 
19.o7 + 

8 .41— .o1 
1o o 2 - OI 
8 74— .o2 
9 98 - . ll 
9 91 + .o2 
12,53 + .o1 
1o 77 + .o2 
7 68 
. o6 
4 67+ .o5 
12 oo + 
4 6o 

W E E K LY SALES 
ThisWeek 

.NY Stocks. 
NY Bonds 
.......... 
Am erican Stocks 
A m erican Bonds 
M idwestStocks 

ThisWeek 
AY earA go 
. 
97,77o,ooo 81,34o.81o 
$82,71o,ooo $1oo,o31,ooo 
.. 11,16o,ooo 9,712,635 
$4,41o,ooo $5,o81,ooo 
. .5.815,ooo 5,375,ooo 

W HAT TH E STOCK M A R K E T D ID 
Two 
T hisP rev.Y ear Years weekweekago ago 
Advances 
896 
731 
778 
979 
Declines 
898 1133 
1oo2 
778 
Unchanged 
3oo 
238 
289 
248 
Total issues 
2o94 21o2 
2o69 2oo5 
New ye a rly highs 
114 239 
165 
339 
New ye a rly lows 
315 
2o7 
7o 
47 

W eekly Number of Traded Issues 
.N Y Stocks 
2o94 
N Y Bonds 
1536 
A m erican Stocks 
1135 
Am erican Bonds 
12o 

NEW YO RK (A P ) — Dow Jones range 
3f prices for the week ended oo. 
STOCK AVER AG E S 
Open 
H igh LowCiose Chg 
Indus 
914 6o 927 32 914 6o 926 9o—o 17 
Frans 
232 o8 234.51 23o.77 234 51 4 o 9? 
Utils 
1o7 39 1o8 67 1o7.11 1o8.67 + o.7o 
65 Stks 
3o6 o6 3o9.86 3o5 67 3o9.86 +o.63 
BOND AVERAGES 
2o Bonds 
91.o9 
91.27 91 o9 
91.19-o.o4 
U tils - 
96.27 
96 56 96.27 
96 38+ o.o7 
Indus 
8591 
86.o1 85 86 
86oo—o.16 
CO M M O D ITY FU TU R ES IN D E X 
4o8.99 411.1o 4o2.31 4o9 6o 1.54 

NEW YO RK 
(A P ) — Standard 
Poor's W eekly 5oo Etock Index 
High 
Low 
Close 
Ch 
OO Indus! 
1o9.oo 1o7 54 
2o Trans 
14.64 
4o U tils 
52.73 
4o Financil 
11.46 
5oo Stocks 
98 44 

 and 

14 2o 
52 17 l l 26 
97 l l 

1o9 o o -o §5 
14.64 + o.27 
52 73—o o2 l l 46 + o o2 
98 44 unch 

NEW YO RK (AP) - The shows the New York Stock Exchange stocks and w a rra n ts that have gone up 
•he most and down the most in the sast week based on percent of change 
■eoardlessof volume. 
No securities trading below S2 are inch jded 
Net and percehtagechangesarethe iiffe re n ce between last aeek's closing 
■price and this week's closing price 
UPS 

Ups and Downs 
• follow ing list 
NEW YO RK ( 

 n a m e 
L a st 
Chg 
Pc*. 
I 
Pueblo Int 
4' 8 
4- 1+4 
Up 
43 5 
I 
2 
Fed Sign al 
2o 
4- 37a 
Up 
24 o 
2 
3 
Todd Shipya 
17*8 
4- 2*8 
Up 
17 8 
3 
4 
Newhall Ld 
19*4 
4~ 2*8 
Up 
13.7 
4 
5 
Ponderosa 
7*8 
4- 
Vt 
Up 
13 5 
5 
6 
ContCp p fB 
59 
•f 6*4 up 
12.9 
6 
7 
Arm ada Cp 
6+* 
4- 
*'4 
Up 
12 8 
7 
8 
Clorox Co 
11+4 
4* 
1+4 
Up 
125 
8 
9 
SeabWld A ir 
3*8 
4- 
*8 
Up 
12 5 
9 
IO 
Avnet pfC 
89 
9H up 
12 I to ll 
Coldwl Bnkr 
18' ? 
+ 
2 up 
12.1 ll 
12 
Koenrinq 
17'? 
4- 
I 7* up 
12.o 
12 
13 
Keller Ind 
14’ n 
■f V? 
Up 
117 
13 d 
B ancal Tr 
24*4 
-f- 2'? 
Up l l ? 
14 
IS 
Post Wheel 
27d 
4- 2*4 
Up 
11.2 
15 
16 
Roper Corp 
25 
4 
2*8 up 
1o.5 
16 
17 
Cowles Com 
16' a 
4 
I 1 ? 
Up 
IO 3 
17 
18 
Varo Inc 
9*8 
4 
7 8 up 
1o.3 
18 
19 
Revere Cop 
15 
4 
1*8 
Up 
1o1 
19 
7o 
Mac A n d Fo 
9s a 
4 
7 8 
Up 
IOO 
7o 
21 
Pickw ck Int l l 
4 
2 
Up 
IOO 
71 
72 
Un F id e lity 
S' 7 
4 
' ? 
Up 
IO o 
77 
73 
Budget Ind 
9*4 
4- 
Vt 
Up 
9 9 •23 
24 
RTE Corp 
IV a 
4 
I 
Up 
9 9 
74 
?S 
M arD onal 
SH 
4 
'? 
Up 
9 8 
75 
DOWNS 
N am e 
Last 
Chg 
Pct. 
I 
Ceco Corp 
13 
— 2+8 
Off 
18 I 
I 
I 
Wean 
Unit 
5'? 
— 1+8 
O ff 
17.o 
2 
3 
Ware 
1.5opf 
19 
— 23/4 
O ff 
I? 6 
3 
A 
Questr pfA 
2o's 
— 
2H 
O ff 
11.4 
4 
5 
T e c h n iro n 
9+4 
I Vt 
O ff 
114 
5 
6 
T alcott Na) 
4’ ? 
— 
' 7 
O ff 
IOO 
6 
7 
Dr Pepper 
11+8 
— 1+4 
O ff 
9 9 
7 
8 
Kaneb 
34*8 
— 3+3 
O ff 
9 2 
8 
9 
Appld Mag 
7' ? 
— 
' 4 
O ff 
9.1 
9 
IO 
Tandy Corp 
28 + s 
— 2*4 
O ff 
8 8 
IO ti 
Sterndent 
1o+? 
— I 
O ff 
8.7 ll 
12 
Am FinS y pf l l 
— I 
O ff 
8 3 
12 
13 
Am H om e pf 
12od 
— 1o78 
O ff 
8 3 
13 
14 
Mesabi Tr 
12'? 
— l'e 
O ff 
8 3 
14 
15 
St Br Paint 
31'a 
— 2+4 
O ff 
8.1 
15 
16 
U n itln d pf 
17 
— I'? 
O ff 
8 1 
16 
17 
W olver WW 
4' 4 
— 
*8 
O ff 
8.1 
17 
18 
H ercule Inc 
21' ? 
— 1+8 
O ff 
8 o 
18 
19 
M obil Home 
I ’ a 
— 
+4 
O ff 
8 o 
IV 
7o 
C hiM ilw Cp 
87 a 
— 
*4 
O ff 
7.8 
7o 
?t 
Florida SII 
19+8 
— 1H 
O ff 
7 8 
71 l l 
S hakespre 
8 7 b 
— 
*4 
O ff 
7.8 
72 
73 
Sterl Free 
4' ? 
— 
*8 
O ff 
7.7 
23 
24 
Alpha Rind 
16+e 
— I +B 
O ff 
7.5 
14 
75 
Peoples Drq 
7*4 
— 
Vs 
Off 
7.5 
25 

(A P ) - The follow ing lis t shows the A m erican Stock 
Exchange stocks and w a rrants that have rone up the most and down the most in the 
33st week based on percent of change 
-egardlessof volume. 
No securities tra d in g below $2 are in c i­ s e d 
Net and percentagechangesarethe difference between last week's closing 

 n am e 
C entury Pac 
Horn 8. Har 
King O pticl 
ApldDevcs 
Lynch Corp 
M am m M rt 
Atalanta 
Cel lu C raft 
Sears Ind 
Instron Cp 
Z im m r Horn 
Intl Bnknot 
ArizColo LC 
G abriel Ind 
Executone 
AAR Corp 
Ban sir CII Lf 
Leisur Tee 
Nat Spinng 
Presley Co 
Resort Intl A 
Regal Bel 
F D I Inc 
PresReal A 
G ulfRep F in 

Name 
Rath Pack 
A rm in Cp 
CdnEx GO 
Texstar CP 
Genqe inc 
UNatCp pf 
Bell Indust 
Hi Shear 
Trico ind 
S e alectro 
A v e Corp 
Et I Lavud 
Cameo Inc 
Simco Sirs 
Benrus 
M asters In 
M etro G rtg 
Un Invest 
Riblet Prod 
W acknhut 
Globe Ind 
Town e n try 
Aff ii Hosp 
C o m odrlntl 
IMC Mag 

 veek's closing pr 
UPS 
Last 
Chg 
6 
+- 2+? 
6 
-i- I ' ? 
2d 
4- 
'? 
5' a 
4- 1+8 
3'? 
4- 
*4 
8*4 
4- I 7# 
57* 
4- 1'8 
2 
4* 
*8 
3*8 
+ 
+* 
7+8 
4- 1*8 
1 
6 's 
4- 
T a 
3+8 
4- 
+* 
5*8 
4~ 
7a 
18'8 
4- 27* 
6'? 
.4- I 
It'? 
-4 1+* 
I 
12+8 
-■f 1*4 
2*4 
4 
*8 
5' ? 
4 
Vt 
14+8 
4 
I 
I lO d 
4 
1+8 
13*8 
4 
1*4 
278 
4 
*■# 
2+8 
4 
*8 
1o*4 
4 
1*8 
DOWNS 
Last 
Chg 
3+8 
— 
8 
37s 
— 
*4 
5' a 
— 
Vt 
6d 
— I 
2 + 8 
— 
+8 
4’ 8 
— 
+8 
5 
_ 
*4 
5 
— 
*'4 
6' 8 
— 
Va 
V a 
— 
3 a 
IO 
— VA 
3 
— 
*8 
6+4 
— 
34 
3' 8 
— 
*8 
2'8 
— 
+'4 
4+4 
— 
1 I 
2+8 
— d 
6*8 
— 
Vt 
3 d 
— 
Va 
7*4 
— 78 
2o'? 
— 2d 
2*8 
— 
+4 
I'A 
~ 
*4 
6 
— 
+8 
6' ? 
— 
+* 

P ct. 
Up 
714 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up up 
Up 
Up 

33 3 
28 6 
28 I 
27 3 
27.3 
23.7 
23.1 
22.7 
22 o 
214 
2o 8 
19 4 
18.9 
18 2 
16 5 
16.1 
15 8 
15 8 
15 8 
15 5 
15.1 
15.o 
15 o 
14.7 

E P 
G p 
,m HOS rn Hos 
Am HOS 
[ - A M P 
A M P 
Bally . . 
B a lly 
B a lly 
Baxter 
B axter 
B a x te r 
Blk Ok 
.Blk Ok 
B lk Dk 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Boeinq 
Boeing 
Bois C 
Bois C 
Bois C 
C B S 
C B S 
Coke 
Coke 
Coke 
Colgat 
Colqat 
Cmw Ed 
C Data 
C Data 
Go Dyn 
Go Dyn 
GE Ut 
|^GE Ut 
Gen Fd 
Gen Fd 
Hewlet 
H e w ie t 
H Inns 
H Inns 
Honwll 
Hon wl I 
Honwll 
In F ly 
In Flv 
J M any 
J M anv 
J M anv 
M GIC 
. 
M GIC 
Mobil 
M obil 
M obil 
M obil 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
Occi 
Occi 
Occi 
Occi 
Raythn 
Raythn 
R a yth n 
Rynlds 
R yn ld s 
SI urn bn 
Slumb 
SI urn b 
Skylln 
Skylin 
Southn 
St Ind 
St Ind 
. 
Tx G it 
Tx G it 
U A L 
U A L 
U A L . 
U Tech 
U Tech 
U Tech 
J W alt 
J W alt 
J W alt 
W iltm s 
W illm s 

7 16 
4 
I d 
3 a 
27a 
9 16 13 16 d 

2++ 

35 
I 16 

247 * 
23 
23 ' 
23 
26’ ? 
76' ? 
2o’ 4 
2o+4 
251/4 
29 
29 
4o 
I 16 a a 
29 
15 
1+8 
VA 
2+* 
16' 8 
2o a 
'A 
7 16 
16'* 
25 
I 16 b b 
16'* 
35 
13'8 
1?*'4 b ta d 
4o 
8’ / 
8+8 
9 
48+4 
45 
3'? 
4*8 
5 
48 Va 
5o b 
1+7 79 16 
48d 
25 
6 Vt a a 
32 
3o 
V a 
2H 
3+* 
31H 
35 
I 16 
H 
I'-* 
31H 
5o 
7 'i 
8 a 
5 7 's 
NJ 
1/4 
VA 
2+7 
57+s 
7o 
A a 
6' 7 
74 
8o 
+8 15 16 
I d 
74 
9o 
I 16 b b 
74 
25 
V4 l l 16 l'/4 
24+? 
3o a 
I 16 a 
24' 7 
3o 
I 16 a 
'A 
?83/4 
2o 
+8113 16 
2*8 
1o+4 
25 
I 16 
*% l l 16 
2o'/4 
5o 
2d 
4+8 
6 
52 
(O 
I 16 
Vt 
VA 
52 
46’ 8 
7'? 
7H b 
537s 
537* 
I) 16 
17/8 b 
5 3 d 
3o 
I ’ 7115-16 21 16 
31’ ? 
35 a 
3 16 
7 16 
31'? 
7o 
1+4 
3'? 
5+4 
69+b 
8o 
I 16 
*+111 16 
69+8 
1o113 16 23 16 27 16 
I I H 
15 
I 16 
'A 
5 16 
I I H 
4o 
IO1? 
1o+8 b 
5o+4 
45 
5+7 
6' 8 a 
SO'* 
5o 15 16 
27* 
3 d 
5o' 4 
TO 
I 16 
H l l 16 is 7* 
25 
I 16 a a 
18+8 
25 
9'? a b 
34** 
3o 
4*8 
4+8 a 
34*8 
35 
7 16 
1+7 
2+4 
34** 
15 
+8 
Va 
1H 
14+4 
2o a 
'A a 
14+4 
5o 
157« a b 
6 6 + 4 
6o 
6 
6 a 
6 6 + 4 
65 
I d 
I ' 7 a 
6 6 ' 4 
7o 
+8 
Va 
I** 
66+4 
15 
3 d 
3 d 
4H 
18*8 
2o 
Vt 13 16113 16 
18** 
25 
I 16 
5 16 
+8 
18*8 

Pct 
Oft 19 4 
O ff 162 
Off 14 6 
O ff 13.8 
Off 13 6 
O ff 13 2 
Off 13.o 
O ff 13.o 
Off 125 
O ff 11.5 
Off 11.1 
O ff IL I 
Off IO 7 
O ff 1o7 
Off IO 5 
O ff IO 5 
Off IO 5 
O ff 1o5 
O ff IO 3 
O ff IO I 
O ff 
9 9 
O ff 
Off 
Off 
Off 

3o a 
116 b 
18** 
35 
I 16 b b 
18*8 
15 a 
I? 7 a b 
27 d 
2o 
77a 
8 
8 l l ’ a 
25 
27,8 
3+7 
4+* 
IV A 
3o 
+8 15 16 
1+8 
277b 
5o 
IO'? a a 
6o d 
6o 
I'? 
3' a 
4 
6od 
7o 
I 16 b b 
6o d 
AO 
4' 7 a 
5+4 
64*8 
7o 
I 16 
** 
15-16 
64*8 
AO 
2 a 
5 
61+8 
665b 
'8 
VA b 
61*8 
7o b 
' 7 a 
61*8 
. 
15 
Va 
+8 l l 16 
13** 
2o 
I 16 
' 8 a 
13*8 
15 
I 13 16 
I 'A 
!5 d 
5o 
3*4 
4 a 
53+8 
.5 5 
Va 
I 
1+? 
53H 
3o 
I 16 
+ 8 l l 16 
27' ? 
35 
I 16 b b 
27+? 
TO 13 16 
2 d 
2'? 
IV A 
25 
I 16 
*8 
Vt 
IV A 
3o 
I 16 a b 
IV A 
3o 
8+8 a b 
38'? 
35 
3 d 
4 
4+8 
38' ? 
4o 
3 16 
1+4 
I d 
38'? 
3o 
3'8 
3+? 
4' ? 
32d 
35 
V 
13 16111 16 
32 7e 
4o a 
'8 
5 16 
32d 
2o a a 
4'/4 
23*4 
25 
' a 
Jul 
+8 
Oct l l 16 
Jan 
23*4 

5o 
7+4 a 
8' ? 
57' a 
AO 
I 
I d 
2+7 
SI' a 
AO 
3 a a 
6 2 d 
65 
5 16 
Vt l l 16 
62 d 
5o 
8 'b 
9 
9*8 
58+? 
AO 
I ’ ? 
2*8 
3H 
58'? 
4o 
5 '/ b b 
45+? 
45 
1H211 16 
3+7 
45’ ? 
5o 
5 16 15 16 19 16 
45'? 
25 l l 16 13 16 i d 
24>? 
3o 
I 16 
3 16 a 
24'? 
. 35 
1+? 
I d 
2H 
35*8 
. . . 4o 
I 16 
7 16 l l 16 
35+8 
15 
' ? 15-16 
I** 
14*8 
2o 
I 16 a a 
14+8 
4o 
9*4 
IO b 
49' 4 
45 
5' 8 
6*8 
7+8 
49' 4 
5o113 16 
3 
A 
49+'4 
5o 
7’ ? 
8*4 a 
57 
6o 19 16 
2*4 
4 
57 
7o 
1 a l l 16 
1+4 
57 
.2 5 
2** 
3 
3+7 
27 
3o 
14 
+B l l 16 
27 
35 
I !6 
3 16 b 
27 
. .3o 
4+8 
4+8 a 
34’ a 
35 i m 16 
2+4 
34+i 
4o a 
' ? b 
34’ 8 
35 
4'? 
S+/4 
AH 
38’ ? 
4o 
1+8 
2 d 
3 d 
38+? 
.45 
7 16 
1+8 
I d 
36’ ? 
5o a d b 
38'? 
35 19 162)1 16 
3*8 
35 
38d 
’ 7 b b 
35 
4o 
5 16 d 
17 16 
35 
43+4 
1 8 b b 
35 
45 a d b 
35 
35 
7' ? 
3*8 
4*8 
37' B 
IO 
’ ? 
I d 
1*4 
37+e 
45 
16 
*8 b 
37+s 
12o 
A d 
VA l l 
125+8 
13o 
2 
A 
5*4 
125+8 
14o 
5 16 
Va b 
125H 
AO 
4' 8 
5+8 
6+8 
62+4 
7o 
16 
1+8 
2*8 
62 Vt 
8o 
' 8 
+8 b 
67' 4 
9o 
I 16 
Vt b 
61'A 
45 
6+ 8 b b 
51+8 
Dollar Leaders 

5o115 16 29 16 
55 
3 16 l l 16 

4.2o- .o1 
4 92 . 
3 79— .o1 
5.84— OI 
9.36— .o3 
41.75- .65 

2.29+ .o3 
1o9 
I 38 
6 17+ .o3 

17 o2— .o3 
8.47 + 
OI 
11.82— .o4 
8 38 - .o3 
12 27 + .o2 
I OO 
6 89- 
.o9 
9 16— .12 
9 95....... 
13 48 + .12 
3 94 + .o3 
5 83 
. 
7.29— .o2 
1195+ .o3 
9.75— .o1 
8.36+ .o4 

11.64 
6 o3 
IO 75 
12 78 

6 19 
7 42 
8 71 
9 37 
IO OO 
5 26 
4 99 
I 45 

6 99 
5 19 
9 52 
4.19 

13 54 
7 18 
6 11 
7 88 
3 72 
3 84 

18 18 
13 5o 
7 43 
1o 86 
8 75 
12.1o 
9 64 
9 69 
1o o3 
3.38 
6.19 
11 13 
6.79 
5.2o 

11.46 
5 91 
IO 52 
12.7o 

6.11 
7 39 
8 62 
9 32 
9 93 
5 19 
4.9o 
I 38 

6 82 
5.13 
9 21 
4.o5 

13 52 
7 12 
6 o5 
7 77 
3 68 
3 79 

18 l l 
13.32 
7 29 
IO 7o 
8 63 
12 o4 
9 57 
9 6o 
9 94 
3 33 
6 ll 
1o 86 
6 71 
5 17 

11 64+- 
6 o3 
IO 75+- 
12 78 + 

6 19 + 
7 39— 
8 7 1 - 
9 JA . 
1o oo + 
5 2 6 - 
4.99— 
I 45 + 

6 99 . 
5 14 — 
9 52 + 
4 19 + 

13.52— .o1 
7 12— .o6 
6.11— .o4 
7 88 
3 72— OI 
3 84+ .o2 

18.15— 2o 
13 SO 
. 
7.43+ .o5 
1o 86+ .o4 
8 75 + .o1 
12 1o+ .o3 
9 64— .o2 
9 6o-- .o8 
1o OI— .1o 
3.38 - .o3 
6 18....... 
11 13+ .o5 
6 79— .o7 
5 2o— OI 

8.17 + 
5 91 - 

5 .9 7 
5 19 
4 32 
4 414- 
OI 
8 95 
9 o2 + 
.OI 
2 94 
2 99 * 
.o3 
4 94 
4 95 + 
.o1 
18.3o 
18 4o - 
.o8 
9 54 
9 54— .o2 
6 IO 
6 17 v 
.o1 
5 o7 
514 + 
.o? 
18.69 
19.12 + .o6 
5.78 
5 84 + 
.OI 
1o.27 
IO 41 + 
.o4 
16 78 
17.o1 + 
.o8 

8 88 
8 93 + 
.o1 
19 4o 
19.4o — .o3 
5 48 
5.59 + .OI 
19.o3 
19 19— . l l 

A 91 
7.o1 + 
.o4 
1o.9o 
IO 93 + 
.o2 
I OO 
I OO 
IO 65 
IO AA 
IO o8 
1o.28 + .13 
7 o7 
7 19 4. .o5 
9 86 
9.97 4 
.o8 

3 91 
3 98 + .o3 
17 93 
17 94 + 
.o1 
19 48 
19 53 4 
.o6 
8 42 
8 45 4 
.o2 
7 73 
7 79 ‘ 
.o3 
5 OI 
5.1o + 
.o4 
17 oo 
17 23 
.o6 
9 23 
9 33— .o1 
7 44 
7 58 + 
o4 
3 51 
3 6o + 
.o3 
3.21 
3.2? 4 
.o3 

14.o1 
14 18 — .17 
8 3o 
8 49 + 
.o7 
1o 6? 
1o 6 2 - 
.o9 
14.73 
14 92 + 
.o7 
A 77 
6 86 + 
.o1 

6.94 
6 99 4 
o? 
12 o7 
12 2 1 - 
.o6 

1o oo 
1o.18 + 
.o3 
12 7o 
12 83 + 
.o! 

8 o6 
8 18 + 
.o3 ll 13 ll. 19 + 
.o4 
3 51 
3.54 + 
.OI 

IO 22 
1o.32— .OI 
9 2o 
9 25 + 
.o4 
IO 21 
1o 21 + 
.o1 
9 84 
9 84 — .o1 

8 o3 
8 o7— .o5 
6 9o 
6 98 — ,o? 
1o.49 
IO 55— .o4 

1o.24 
IO 39 + 
.o4 
8.oo 
8. IO— 
.o3 
14.42 
14.54 + 
.o5 l l «9 
U 68 + 
.o4 

OVER THE 
COUNTER 

Quototions fro m the HASD o re re p re ­ sentative in te r d e a le r o n c e s as of a p ­ proxim ately 3 p.m. Inter dealer m arkets change throughout the day. P rices do not include retail m ark up, m ark-dow n or commission. 
A p ril 29, 1977 

Alamo Savings 
Amer Fdrs. 
Animes! 
Amer. Sec. L if 
Bexar Co Bk 
Cafeterias Inc. 
Comm Prop 
Cullen 
Dorchester Gas 
El Paso Elec 
Forest Oil 
Frank 
Ft. Sam Bk Shares 
Frost Bk 
Gulf Energy 
Handy Dan 
Henry S. M iller 
Kelly Field Nil 
Mere ot Tx Comm 
Mere of TX Rid 
Merchants 
NBC of Tex 
Olympia Brew 
Peninsula 
Plato 
Pogo 
Shop Comm 
Shop Ptd 
Sigmor 
Stwort & Stvnson. 
Texas Intl Air 
Tipperary 
Transport Lit 
W eatherford Intl 
Winns 
K.C. Livestock 

KANSAS C ITY (A P ) — Quotations for 
F riday: Caffle IOO. Not enough any one class on offer tor a m arke t test. E a rlier in the week 
Slaughter steers high good and choice 935 1225 lb 39 5o 41 6o. Slaugh ter heifers high good and choice 8oo 1o1o ib 38 OO 39.75. Slaughter cows—tate sales, cutter, u tility and some com m ercial 26.oo 
78 OO, high dressing u tility to 28 85. 
Hogs 1,1oo: B arrow s and g ilts steady to 
25 higher, I 2 215 24o Ib 39.25; 1 3 2oo 25o ib 38 75 39.oo, few 2 3 38.5o; 2-3 25o 27o Ib 
38 OO 38.75. Sows, w eights under 5oo Ib not tested; 5oo lh and heavier SO lowerg 13 
5oo 6oo Ib 34.5o 
Sheep 25. Not enough on o ffe r to test prices. 
Estim ates for M onday: C attle 8oo; hogs 
2,5oo, sheep 5o. 

NEW YORK 
NEW Y O R K (AP) —The follow ing is a list of the m ost active stocks based on the dollar volume. 
The total is based on the median p rice of the stock traded m u ltip lie d by the shares traded. 
Name 
T o t($1ooo) Sales(hds)Last 
IBM ................................ $141,7575468 258+4 
Gen Elec 
............... $72,874 
13914 5378 
East Kodak 
S63.417 
1o27o 62+b 
P h illip s Pel 
$59,488 
11o42 53+4 
Am TT 
........................$57,333 
9155 63 
KresgeSS 
$47,634 
16641 28'b 
Gen M o to rs ................... $43,443 
646o 68*8 
Am Home ....................$37,o38 
13592 27+b 
B a b c o k W il............... 
$35,371 
8372 43'a 
Westgh E l ......................$33,675 
1663o 21’ b 

A M E R IC A N 
NEW YO RK (A P ) - T h e follow ing is a list o l the m ost active stocks based on the d o lla r volum e. 
The to ta l is based on the median price 
5f the stock traded m u ltip lie d by the shares traded. 
Tot($1ooo) Sales(hds)Last 
$19,278 
4296 457s 
$1o,773 
4o56 
$8,5)2x 483o 
$7,9o7 
2oo2 
$4,919 

Name 
HouOilM 
Husky O il. 
Kaiser Ind 
Kewanee In 
KnickToy 
$4,919 
3oo4 
Dome P e tri.......................$2,833 
729 
Presley Co 
$2,527 1838 
Falcon Sbd 
$2,422 
528 
Ma mm M rt 
$2,o87 
2738 
Austral Oil 
.. 
$1,992 
848 

27 J* 
17+ 
38 
17'8 
38'4 
14+8 
46+ 
8+ 
23+e 

6o 
.15 
I ’ a 
2o 116 
3o 
7 
35 
2+* 
4o l l 16 
5o 
5+4 
.55 
2'4 
6o 
9 16 
5o 
4'4 
55 15 16 

3 16 
1+4 
+8 b 
4 
I' ? 
6' 1 
3'8 
I ’ 4 
4 + 4 
1+4 

 b 
I d 
+4 b 
4 + 8 
2 
7 
3 + 4 
1+4 
5 + 4 
27 16 

51+* 
5 1 + 8 
5 1 + 8 
16' 
16' 
37+4 
37+4 
37’ 4 
55 
55 
55 
5 3 ' b 
53 d 

Bid 
Asked 
17? 
19 
16 ? 
17 
3 d 
A 
4 ? 
5 
34 
— 
19 
2o 
5 
5*8 
IS 
16 
9 -a 
9 d l l . l t d 
)8 a 
18*4 
23? 
23d 
32 
34 
71 
23 t i 
H i 
13d 
14 4 
9 
IO 
2o 
2V ? 
25 4 
2Sd 
63 7 
64 / 
18 t 
19 / 
36 ? 
38 / 
2o 
2o + 
12 4 
13 
7 d 
Sd 
13 a 
13d 
I ' 7 
3 
9' ? 
— 
12 
12'? 
13 
13d 
4 
4*8 
IS 2 
19 
5*4 
6' a 
12d 
13' ? 
22d 
23 d 

Chicago Crain 

CHICAGO (A P ) - Old crop soybean fu lures advanced 45 cents on the Chicago 
Board of Trade F rid a y a fte r four days of declines th a t totaled $1 23 
Soybean meal was up the allow able lim it of $15 a ton and soybean oil prices rose to the lim it of IOO points, or I cent a pound D eferred options in soybeans and in meal posted lesser gains but the near by oil options were about one ha lf as strong as the lim it close 
Wheat futures cam e under heavy late selling pressure and lost 5 cents. Corn and oats prices were n a rro w ly m ixed 
Iced b ro ile rs gained up to '? cent a pound a fte r a rath er m odestly traded ses sion. 
Soybean and meal futures were strong an the opening bell, advancing to near lim its under good, m ixed support 
There were sellers in the two pits but this con tinqent began to fade aw ay as prices rose. In the closing m inutes, the three old crop m onths touched lim its in the bean pit 
Oil trad e was considerably lighter than m eal or beans but new crop m onths were m ore a ttra ctive to the speculative e lem e nt 
The heavy demand in the com plex after 
(tour weak days was thought to have been largely speculative as tongs assumed new posituons a fte r the heavy seiloff 
There was some short covering early, however 
W heat, corn and oats prices were gen erally steady to a sh ade higher w a rly, but wheat futures then cam e under some liquidating pressure after the m idw ay point The new crop m onths were under 
Host pressure. Corn and oafs a ttracted good com m e rcial support and, late in the 
Jay, com m ission house buying. 
Opening of the session was delayed 15 m inutes because Thursday's heavy vol ume had caused some backshop prob lems. 
At the close, soybeans were 26 to 45 cents a bushel higher, M ay 9,85. wheat was t '4 to 5 low er. M ay 2.57+4, corn was unchanged to I Vi higher, M ay 2,48++ and bats were '4 lower to I higher, M ay I 74. 
Open 
H ig h L o w C lo se P re v 
W H E A T (5,ooo bu) 
May 
2 59 
2 6o'? 2.57'i» 2 57’ 4 
2.58' ? 
Jut 
2 68' 4 2 68+4 2 65+4 2 65+4 2.67 
Sep 
2 75+? 2.76 
2 73 
2 73 
2.74+4 
Dec 
2 85’ ? 2 86 
2 82+4 2 82' ? 2 84+4 
M ar 
2.94+4 2.95 
2 9o+ ? 2.9o' ? 2.93' ? 
May 
3.oo' ? 3 OO’ ? 2.94' ? 2 94’ ? 2.99' ? 
CORN (5,ooo bu) 
May 
2 47'? 2 49'? 2 47'? 2 48+4 2.47V4 
Jill 
2.52' > 2.53' ? 2 51+4 2.52'? 2 51+? 
Sep 
2 56’ ? 2 57 
2 55 
2.55+4 2 55 
Dec 
2 5 9 
2 6o+4 2 5 8 
2.59 
2 58+4 
M ar 
2 67+4 2 68' 4 2 66 
2.67 
2 67 
May 
2 72'.. 2 72'4 2.7o+4 2.71>4 2.7o+4 
OATS ( 5.ooo bu) 
May 
1.74 
1 76' ? 1.74 
1.74 
1.74' ? 
Jut 
I 64d I 66+4 I 64'/? 1.65+4 1.64+4 
5ep 
158'? I 6o'.. 158’ ? 1,59 
1.58+4 
Dec 
I 62 
I 63+4 I 62 
I 63 
1.62 
Mar 
1.65' A 1.66'? I 64+i 1.64' ? 1.63'? 
SOYBEANS (5,ooo bu) 
May 
Jut 
Aug 
Sep lo v 
Jan 
Mar 
May 
Jut 

9 5o 
9 45 
9 25 
7 75 
7 o5 
7 o7 
7 12 
7.13 
7.2o 

9 85 
9 83 
9 57' 
8 o3 
7 29 
7 32 
7.36 
7 39 
7.39 

9 5o 
9 45 
9 23 
7 75 
7 o5 
7 o7 
7.12 
7 13 
7 2o 

9 85 
9 38 
9 83 
9.353 
9.57’ ? 9 IO 
8 o3 
7 68 

The Market In Brief 

NT Stock fic h a n ie Issues 

 fiid a y 
A pril ?9 

VOLUME 

? l 542.75o 

SHARES 

/ in c h a n te d ] 

, 
497I 
DOWN 

ISSUES 

TRADED 

N Y S £ 
Index 
53 66 *- o 1 2 

S i 
Comp 
98 44 ♦ 

F 

D o * jones Ind 
926 9o - o 42 
Futures 
CHICAGO (A P ) — Futures trading on the Chicago M erca ntile Exchange F ri- 
J a y : 
Open 
High LowCiose 
Prv 
L IV E BE E F C A TTLE (4o,ooo lbs) 
Jon 
44 85 
45.65 
44.77 45.65 
44 87 
Auq 
43 6o 
44 6o 
43 6o 44 6o 43 9o 
Oct 
13 25 
43 65 - 
43 IO 43 65 4 3 25 
Dec 
44 22 
44.57 
44 15 44 57 
44 25 
Feb 
44.35 
44 7o 
44 2o 
44,7o 
44 4o 
Apr 
44 95 
45. IO 
44 75 45 1o 44 8o 
Jun 
45 9 5 
46.12 
45 8 5 46 12 
4 6 oo 
Sales 
June 7163. Aug 36oo, Oct 1312 
Dec 612, Feb 115; A p ril 4o, June 25. 
Open interest: June 22o83. Aug 2o57o; 
Oct 8416, Dec 4557; Feb 2616; A p ril 1o48, 
June 273. 
F E E D E R C A TTLE (42,ooo lbs) 

7 29 
7 32 
7 36 
7 39 
7.39 

May 
Jut 
Aug 
Sep 
Del 
Dec 
Jan 
Mar 
May 
Jut 

SO YBEAN O IL (6o,ooo lbs) 
28 7o 
29.1o 
29 4o 
28 55 
26 9o 
26 3o 
26.oo 
25 8o 
25 6o 
25 8o 

29 5o 
29 95 
29.95 
29 32 
27 7o 
27 o5 
26 85 
26 7o 
26 55 
26 4o 

28 65 
29 IO 
29.2o 
28.4o 
26.9o 
26 15 
26 OO 
25.8o 
25 6o 
25.8o 

29.45 
29.95 
29 95 
29 32 
27 7o 
27 o5 
26.85 
26 7o 
26.55 
26.4o 
SO YBEAN M E A L (IOO tons) 

7 o3 
7 o6 
7 o9 
7.1o 
7 IO 

28.8o 
29 IO 
29 IS 
28 4o 
26.6o 
26.1o 
25.85 
25.7o 
25 6o 
25.5o 

May 
43.65 
44.o5 
Aug 
44.55 
44 8o 
Sep 
43.97 
44 35 
Dct 
43 95 
44 .37 
NOV 
44.8o 
45.1o 
Mar 
46 5o 
46 6o 
Apr 
47 oo 
47.oo 
Sales: M ay 232; Aug 144, Sep 68; Oct 
148, NOV 33, M arch A. A p ril I. 
Open in terest: M ay 1157; Aug 1287; Sep 
128, Oct 22o7; Nov 783; M arch IS; A p ril 
I. 
L IV E HOGS (3o.3oo lbs) 

43.65 b43,9o 
43 6o 
44 45 b44 72 
44 4o 
43.97 b44 IO a43 8o 
43 95 
4 3 22 4 3 9o 
44.8o 
4 5 o 5 
44.85 
45.6o 
46 6o 
46 3o 
47 oo 
47.oo n46 6o 

Jun 
Jut 
Aug 
Dct 
Dec c eb 
Apr 
Jun 

42 95 
44.45 
43 o5 
38 85 
39 55 
4o.1o 

43 8o 
45 3o 
44 OO 
39 7o 
39 95 
4o 67 

43 8o 
45 3o 
44 OO 
39 7o 
39 95 a39.3o 
4o OO a4o 5o a4o.oo b38.97 b38 7o n4o 55 a4o 55 

42 9o 
44 27 
43.oo 
38.85 
39.42 

42 7o 
44 35 
42 9o 
38 7o 

May 
271 oo 28L oo 271.oo 281.oo 26u.OO 
Jut 
275 oo 285 oo 274.oo 285 oo 271 OO 
Aug 
277 OO 281 oo 27o oo 281 oo 268.oo 
Sep 
224.oo 237.oo 224 OO 237.oo 222 OO 
Dct 
197 OO 2o8 OO 197 oo 2o8 OO 193.5o 
Dec 
19o OO 194.5o 189 5o 194.5o 189 5o 
Jan 
189 5o 193.5o 189 5o 
193.5o 188 5o 
Mar 
19o.5o 194.5o 19o 5o 194.5o 19o OO 
May 
192 oo 195 oo 191 oo 
195 oo 192 oo 
Jut 
195 OO 197 QQ 195.oo 
197.oo 194.5o 
Panhandle Livestock 
A M A R IL L O , Tex. (A P ! — Not enough 
Texas Panhandle and W estern oklahom a feedlot sales slaughter steers or heifers reported F rid a y to establish price trends 
Most feedlots and buying srouces a lik a took a w a it and see a ttitud e un til n e x r week as nationw ide carcass beef trade ta d weak undertone. Sales on 2oo slaugh ter steers, no slaughter heifers. 
Slaughter steers: M ostly choice 2 4 HOO lbs 44 5o 
A M A R IL L O , Tex. (A P ) — No enough carlot sales any class fresh beef for price trend. O verall price situation steer and heifer beet ve ry unsettled and hard to de line. 
I rend of Staple Prices 
NEW YO R K (A P ) - The Associated 
Press w eighted wholesale price Index gf 
35 com m odities advanced to 392.45. 
Previous D ay 393 59, Week ago 393 ITT 
Month ago 391.o5, Year ago 382.39. 
1977 
1976 
1975 
1974 
High 
394 9o 
394.14 
368 57 
388 28 
-LOW 

Sales; June 2344; July 1332, Aug 575 
Dct 2oo; Dec 32, Feb 16, A p ril o. June o 
Open in terest: June 54o3; July 4381; 
Auq 2497; O ct 1628; Dec 36o, Feb 145; 
April 45; June 2. 
PO TATOES! russet-burbanks) (8o,ooo bs) 
7 2o 
7 28 
7 11 
37.11 n7.45 n 8 IO n8 41 n 9.15 

7.25 n7 45 b8 IO n8 41 a9.15 

351.14 
35^51 
335.64 
331 9/ J Sep 

May 
Nov 
M ar 
Apr 
M ay 
Sales: M ay 9; NOV o; M a r o; A pril o; 
May o. 
Open interest: May 22o, Nov 48, (March 
4, A pril 9. M ay 15. 
S H E LL EGGS (22,5oo d o ll 
Mav 
46 4o 46 7o 
46.oo 46.oo 
46 4o 
Jon 
48 8o 
-19 25 
48 6o 
48.85 
48 8o 
Jut 
52.5o 52 95 
52 5o 52 85 
52 9o 
Sep 
58 25 
58.95 
58.15 58.3o 
58 25 
NOV 
6o.oo 
6o.oo 
6o oo 6o.oo ------ 
Dec 
62 oo 
62 oo 
62 oo 
62.oo n62 oo 
Sales. M ay 177. June 66, Jul 13; Sap 
57; NOV 1, Dec 2. 
Open in te re s t: M ay 499; June 392; Jul 
>2. Sep 42o, Dec 13 
PORK B E L L IE S o6,ooo lbs) 
May 
58 8o 
59 97 
58.75 
59.8o 
Jut 
59 5o 6o 65 
59 4o 6o.5o 
Aug 
58 3o 
59 5 o 
58.15 
59 3o ceb 
56 4o 57 1o 
56.4o 56 85 
M ar 
-------------------------- b56 3o 858 8o 
May 
56 4o 56 5o 
56 2o 56 2o a55 8o 
Sales: M ay 1o35; July 5oo8; Aug 892; 
Feb 136; M arch o; M ay I 
Open interest: May 2184; July 5657; 
Aug 1779. Feb 744; M arch 217,- May IOO. b— Bid; a - Asked; n - Nom inal 
IC ED BR OILER S (3o,ooo lbs) 
May 
41.85 
42 3o 
41 85 
42.1o 
Jun 
43 o2 
43.3o 
43 o2 
43.15 
Jut 
43 7o 44 oo 
43 7o 43 95 
Aug 
43 65 
43 8 5 
43 66 
43 7o 
43.2o 43.2o 43 2o 43 2o 

Alcoa 
Alcoa 
Am Tel 
A m Tel 
Att R 
A ll R 
Avon 
Avon 
Avon 
B a n k A rn 
B a n kA m 
Beth S 
. 
Beth S 
Bruns 
B ru n s 
Burl N 
Burl N 
Burl N 
B urrgh 
Burrqh 
B urrgh 
Citicp 
C iticp 
C itic p 
Delta 
Delta 
Del ta 
Dig Eq . 
Dig Eg 
Dig Eq 
Diq Eg 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Ju Pnt du Pnt 
Ju Pnt 
Eas Kd 
Eas Kd 
Eas Kd 
Eas Kd 
Exxon 
Exxon 
Exxon 
Exxon 
F N M 
P N M 
Fluor 
Fluor 
Fluor 
Ford 
Ford 
Ford 
Gen E l 
Gen El 
Gen El 
G M 
G M 
G M 
Gt Wst 
GI Wst 
G it Wn 
G it Wn 
G it Wn 
Halbtn 
Ha) bin 
Halbtn 
Horn stk 
Hom+tk 
Homstk 
Horns) k 
HOU OM 
Hou OM 
Hou OM 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
Hou O M 
I N A 
I N A 
. 
I B M 
I B M 
In Har 
In Har 
In Har 
In M in 
In M in 
In M in 
In Pap in Pap 
In Pap 
I T T 
I T T 
John J 
John J 
John J 
Kenn C 
Kenn C 
Kenn C 
K e rr M 
K err M 
K e rr M 
Kresqe 
Kresge 
K resge 
Kresqe 
Loews 
I oews 
Loews 
Mc Don 
M c Don 
Mc Don 
M erck 
M erck 
M erck 
M e rril .. 
M e rril 
M e rril 
M M M 
M M M 
Mon san 
Monsan 
Mon san 
N C R 
N C R 
N C R 
Nw A ir 
Nw A ir 
Penn? 
Penn? 
. 
Penn? 
Pepsi .. . 
Pepsi 
Polar .. 
Polar 
Polar 
R C A 
R G A . 
R C A 
Sears ., 
Sears 
Sears 
.. 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Syntex 
Syntex 
S yntex 
T andy 
Tandy 
Tandy 
T andy 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Tesoro 
Tesoro 
Tex In 
Tex In 
Tex In 
Upjohn 
Upjohn 
Upiohn 
Weyerh 
Weyerh 
Xerox 
Xerox 
Xerox 
Total volum e 73,663 
Open interest 1,585,325 a Not tradecL b No option offered 

AO a 
*8 b 
537s 
6o 
8 d 
8+4 
8*4 
68+s 
7o 
1 + 8 
2 d 213 16 
68'a 
8o 
1 8 
*8 b 
68* b 
.2o 
3' 7 
4+4 a 
22d 
25 
9-16 
IV# 
I '2 
2 2 d to 
3*+ 
4 
4' a 
13d 
.15 
5 16 
H d 
13+8 
IO 
I 16 
+8 b 
13d 
. . . . 5o 
9 d a 
11'4 
6od 
6o 
2 + 8 
3 d 
5 
6o' 8 
. 
7o 
Ve 
*4 b 
6o'e 
3o 
IO b b 
4o' ? 
35 
S d 
6’ ? b 
4o' a 
4o 
2*8 
3' ? 
4+a 
4o'? 
45 
Vt i d 
21 16 
4o' ? 
.. 3o 
W a b b 
46d 
35 
11*8 b b 
46+4 
. 
4o 
7+4 
8*8 
9+4 
46d 
. . 45 
4 
5*8 
6H 
46+4 
5o111 16 
3+4 b 
46'. 4 
AO 
13 16 b 
46+4 
. . 
4o a 
4+4 a 
4378 
15 
7 8 
1*4 
2+8 
43 d 
26o 
7' ? 
12' 4 
16+4 258+4 
. . 28o111 16 
4+* 
7 'A 258*4 
25 
12* B b ti 
37d 
. 
3o 
7V, 
V a a 
37d 
.35 
3 
3' ? 
4 
37d 
35 
5*4 a b 
4o7/8 
4o 
I d 
2+4 
2H 
4od 
45 
' 4 
+2 15 16 
4o d 
5o 
8*8 a 
9+? 
58 
6o 15 16 
IVA 
3 d 
58 
7o 
' 8 b b 
58 
3o 
3H 
A 
4+8 
33d 
35 
7 16 
’ a 13 16 
33 d 
. 
6o 
4*8 a 
7 
63+4 
7o 
7 16 
I' 8 
7 
63d 
8o 
I 16 
3 16 b 
63+4 
. 
25 
3’ ? a 
4 d 
28 
3o 13 16 
1*8 
I d 
28 
. . . 35 
+8 d b 
28 
. 
AO 
6+8 
7 + 2 a 
66 
7o ll 16 
2 d a 
66 
8o a 
*8 ti 
66 
3o 
I d 
21 16 
2+8 
29 
35 
Vt 
+8 l l 16 
29 
4o 
I 16 d b 
29 
45 
I 16 b b 
29 
3o 
3 
3+8 a 
32' ? 
35 
H 
15 161 13 16 
32'? 
. . . 
4o a 
*8 b 
32+? 
4o 
7 
3'4 
A 
39 d 
45 
'? 
15 16115 16 
3 9 d 
5o 
+8 
+* b 
39 d 
5o 
2 d 
3' 2 a 
51d 
6o 
'A 
+8 
1+8 
51 'A 
7o 
I 16 d b 
S id 
. 15 
3 
3*8 
3H 
17+4 
2o 
7 16 13 16 
I d 
17*4 
.25 
I 16 
3 16 b 
17*4 
5o 
I d 
2d215 16 
48' 7 
6o 
V. 
7 16 a 
48+? 
. 
7o 
S d 
9+8 a 
78's 
SO 
1H 
3 d 
4*8 
78+s 
9o 
5 16 
I b 
78+s 
.. 
3o 
4+4 
5*8 a 
337 a 
35 15 16 
2 d 
2 + 4 
33d 
4o 
+4 d 
I 
33 d 
25 
1 + 4 
2+? a 
26 
3o 
+4 
H a 
26 
. 
25 
6' 8 b b 
31 
3o 
1+4 
2*8 
2*4 
31 
35 d 
*4 d 
31 
7o 
2 + 8 
3*4 
5 
69 7e 
8o 
5 16 
I a 
69' a 
.. 3o 
4' 8 
5 
5 d 
33'? 
. 
35 13 16 
2d215 16 
33'? 
4o 
Vt 13 16 b 
33' ? 
2o 
9 d b b 
79' ? 
25 
4*4 
5+4 
5 *i 
29'? 

. 
3o 
I' a 113 16 
2+4 
29’ ? 
. 5o 
7' ? 
8*8 
8+2 
57+a 
AO 
I 
2d215 16 
57+s 
... 7 o 
+8 
Vt b 
57*8 
,,.3 5 
I d 
2+4 
3 
34d 
. . . . 4o 
3 16 
H 
I 
34+4 
45 
I I i b b 
34d 
.15 
2 d 
3 d 
3*4 
17d 
2o 
*8 
7 8 
1+4 
17d 
25 
I 16 
3 16 b 
1 7 d 
3o 
111 I 16 
2' 
28*8 
35 
Va 
' ? 
78*b 
. 
4o 
' a 
3 16 a 
28'n 
45 
I 16 
I 16 b 
28 + e 
5o 
17*4 a a 
67's 
53*8 
14*8 
16 b 
67*e 
55 
13 
14*8 a 
67 + f 
58+4 
9 d 
11+8 b 
67 *t 
6o 
8*4 
1o*8 
12 
67 d 
68 
3H 
SH b 
67+e 
7o 29 16 
4+8 
6 
6 /d 
1o211 16 
2 d 
3+8 
12*e 
15 
16 
+ 8 
+8 
12*8 
BO 
3H 
5, 
7+4 
79*4 
9o 
+8 
2215 16 
79+4 
IOO 
+8 
+2 b 
79*4 
3o 
2 d 
3 d 
3*4 
31' ? 
35 
*8 d 
11/4 
31' 2 
4o 
' 8 d b 
31' / 
4o 13 16 
I 
2*4 
38' / 
45 d I I 16 
I d 
38' ? 
45 27 16 
3+8 
4H 
45' 7 
SO l l 16 19 16 
2*8 
45’ / 
AO 
' 8 
Vt ti 
45' 2 

Cotton 

58 6o 
59 25 
58 3o 
56 3o 

41 SO 
43 OO 

NEW YORK (A P I — Cotton fu tu re s No. 
2 were higher at m idday. 
The average price for s tric t tow m id 
Id lin g l l 16 inch spot cotton advanced 2o points to 71.47 cents a pound Thursday fo r the IO leading m arke ts, according to the New Y o rk Cotton Exchange. 
M idday prices were $4.75 to $6 76 a bale higher than the previous close. M ay 75.5o, 
Jul 75.86 and Oct 72.5o. 
Open 
H igh 
Low C lose 
P re y. 
COTTON. No. 2 ($o,ooo lbs) 
M ay 
Jut 
OO 
Dec 
M ar 
M ay 
Jul 

74 2o 
74 7o 
71 7o 
67 85 
68 55 
68 9o 

76 OO 
76 36 
73 OO 
68 83 
69 2o 
69 5o 

74 2o 
74.7o 
71 TO 
67 85 
68 55 
68 9o 

43.65’ Oct 
43 4o 
42 8‘ 
Sales: 4,25o. a asked, b b id ,n nom inal. 

76 OO 
74 7o 
72 5o 
68 35 b68 9o b69 3o b69 8o b69.2o 

74 15 
74 7o 
71 55 
67 97 
68 55 
69 OO 
69 3o 
68 7o 

■ 
T r e a s u r y 
B o n d s 

NEW Y O R K (A P ) — O ver the Counter 
U S. G overnm ent T reasury bonds, w eekly high, low and closing asked prices, the net change from th# previous week's closing asked price and yield. 
Rate M a tu rity High Low 
LestChgYield 
67«M ay 77n IOO 4 1oo 3 1oo.3 — 
------ 
9 
M ay 77n IOO 7 IOO 5 IOO 5 - 
6 +iM a y 77n IOO 7 IOO 5 too.5 — 
61 ? Jun 77n IOO. 121oo 15)1oo. IO— 
7’ ?Jut 77r> 1oo 261oo 231oo.23 - 
7+xAug 77n IOO 3o1oo 281oo 28- 
8’ JAug 77n 1o1 71o1 5 IO U — 
8+kSep 77n 1o1.181o1.131o1 13— 
7»?Oct 77n 1o1 1o1o1 7 IO U — 
7+4Noy U n 1o1 171o1 141o1 14- 
6 '»N ov 77n IOO 31 IOO 28 IOO 28- 
7+iDec 77n 1o1 141o1 121o1 12— 
6 ’ n ja n 78n 1oo,291oo.251oo 25 — 
6 'iF e b 78n IOO 261oo 231oo 23— 
8 
Feb 78n 1o2 7 1o2 5 1o2 5 — 
6 + iM a r7 8 n 1o1.1o1o1 6 1o1 6 — 
6' /A p r 78n 1o1 4 IO L I IO L I — 
7+*M ay 78n 1o2 161o1 2o1o1 2o— 
77sM ay 78n 1o2 151o2 121o2 12 - 
7+»May 78n 1o1 251o1 211o1 21 — 
6 'flJun 78n 1o1.171o1 141o1 14— 
67/bJ uI 7?n 1o1.181o1 141o1 14— 
7'eA ug 78n 1o2 161o2 111o2 11— 6 
8+»Aug 78n 1o3 281o3 221o3 2 2 - 7 
6'n Aug 78n 1o1 91o1 4 IO! 4 
- .6 
6+4Sep 78n IOO 251oo 2o1oo 2o - .5 
5'flO ct 78n 1oo.7 1oo.1 IOO I — .6 
6 
NOV 78n 1oo.121oo 61oo 6 — .6 
5+4NOV 78n IOO 
99 25 99 25— 7 
5'4 Dec 78n 99 4 
98 3o 98 3o— .6 
9’ 8Dec 78n 1o3 221o3 141o3 14— 
S/JiJan 79n IOO 2 
99 25 99 25— 
7 
Feb 79n 1o1.3o1o1 211o1 21— 9 
57*Feb 79n 99.3o 99.21 99 21— .9 
6 
M a r 79n IOO 5 
99 28 99 28— .9 
57/iA p r 79n 99 28 99 2o 99 2o— .7 
77sM ay 79n 1o3 231o3.161o3.16— .6 
7+x Jun 79n 1o3 211o3 141o3 14— .2 
8 'jA u g 79n IOO 151oo.1o1oo IO— 5 
67»Aug 79n 1o1 231o1 161o1 16— A 
9’ ?Sep 
79n 1o5.9 1o5 
1o5 
— .8 
6+4 Nov 
79n 
1oo.91oo 
IOO 
— 
6s»Nov 79n 1o1 41oo.291oo.29 — 
7 
NOV 79n 1o2 21o1.261o1 26— 
7’ ?Dec79n 1o3.7 1o2 311o2.31 — 
I 
Feb 8o 
95 6 
95.1 
95.1 + 
6' ?Feb 8on IOO 24 IOO 121oo 12 - 
7’ /M a r 8on 1o3.121o3 I 1o3.1 — 
6 'xM a y 8on 1o1 241o1.161o1.16- 
7skJun 8on 1o3.221o3. l l 1o3. l l — 
9 
Auq 8on 1o7.271o7.151o7.15- 
67sSep 8on 1o1.181o1.2 1o1 2 — .1o 6 52 
J' /N o v 8o 
92 
8 92 
3 
92 3 + - .I 6.o2 
S+nDec 8on 
98 
5 97 
18 
97.18— 
.14 6 64 
7 
Feb 81n 1o1 2o1o1 2 1o1 2 — .14 6 68 
7 + sFeb 81n 1o2.281o2 8 1o2 8 — .12 6 69 
67aM ar81n 1o1 2 IOO 161oo 16— .15 6 73 
7’ nM ay81n 1o2 261o2 8 1o2 8 — .12 6 73 
7 
Aug 81 
1o2 
1o1.281o1 28—.14 6 49 
7+sAug Sin 1o3 2o1o2 261o2 26— .2o 6 86 
7 
NOV 81n 1o1.111oo.2o1oo,2o— .18 6.14 
7+4NOV 81n 1o4 41o3 2o1o3 2o— .13 6 82 
6' BFeb 82n 
97 
23 97 
2 
97.2 — 
.14 6 85 
6+8Feb 82 
99 
6 98 
2o 
98.2o - 
.14 6.71 
8 
M ay 82n 1o5 8 1o4 261o4 2 6 - .1o 6 85 
7 
M ay82n 1o1.6 IOO 171oo.17— .15 6.88 
S’ oAug 82n 1o5 261o5 1o1o5 IO— .1o 6 91 
77bNov 82n 1o4.261o4 61o4 6 — .12 6 95 
8 
Feb 83n 1o5 8 1o4.2o1o4 2o— .12 7 o2 
3+4Jun 78 83 
84 6 83 28 83 2 8 -.1 4 6 49 
7 
NOV 83n 1oo.1299 21 9 9 .2 1 - .19 7 o7 
7 '4 Feb 84n 1o1 6 IOO 8 1oo.8 — 1.25 7.21 
6 '«Aug 84 
98 
97 IS 97. IS— . 13 6 83 
3’ <M ay 85 
79.12 79 
79 
— .8 
6 66 lU M a y 75 85 84,8 
84 
84 3 
6 85 
77BMay 86n 1o3 261o3 4 1o3 4 — .2o 7 39 
8 
Aug 
86n 
1o4 221o4 
1o4 
- .2o 7 39 
6' bN ov 86 
95 6 
94.26 94. 26— .6 
6 87 
3 ', Feb 9o 
73 2o 73 4 
73 6 — .8 
6 64 
8'?M ay 9o 
1o6 241o6 8 1o6 8 — 18 7 48 
4 'jA u q 87 92 75.16 75 
75 
— .1o 6 92 
I 
Feb 88 93 74 8 
73 22 73 24— .14 6 72 
6'4 F e b 93 
97 
96 14 96 14— .18 7 12 
7' . Aug88 93 IDI.4IOO 3oIOO 3o— .6 
7.38 
4 '8M ay 89 94 
74 14 74 2 
74 4 + 
8 6 7o 
3 
Feb 95 
73 4 
72 26 72 3o— .2 
5.38 
7 
M ay 93 98 
99 6 
97.3o 97.3o— .3o 7 l l 
3 '/N o v 98 
73 8 
72.26 73 
+- .2 
5 69 
8' /M ay 94 99 1o7 281o7.151o7.15— .17 7.71 
77*F e b 9 5 OO 1o2 81o1.21o1.21 — ..21.7.7o 
S'nAuq 
95 oo 
1o6.281o6 161o6 16—. 16 7.71 
8 
Aug 
96 o1 
1o3 141o2 3o1o2 3o—.16 
7 74 
B+iMay oo o5 1o6.8 1o5 181o5.18— .18 7 73 
7+sFebo2 o799.2? 98 22 98 22— .31 7 76 n — T reasury Notes 
Prices quoted in d ollars ad th irty seconds 
Subject to Federal taxes but not to State income taxes 

.1o 5 92 
.7 
6.o1 
6 OO 
6 o7 
6 o7 
6 o8 
6 o? 
6 o3 
6 IO 
6 16 
6 24 
6 25 
6 24 
6 21 
6 28 
5 97 
6 35 
6 34 
6 32 
6 44 
.13 6 44 

The 
Market c„iM 
Analysis 

DOV JOMES 

3o IMOUSTBIALS 
V e e ! of 

Apr 25-Apr 291 

Foreign Exchange 

NEW Y O R K (A P )—Foreign Exchange, 
New York prices. 
Fgn curre ncy 
D o lla r in 
..in dollars fgn. currency 
.. F ri. 
Thu. 
F ri. 
Thu. 
oo2865.oo2915 
349 oo 343.oo 
I 1o55 
1.1o6o 
.9o45 .9o41 
o597 
o598 
16 73 16 7? 
.o278 
o276 
35 VI 36 15 
o75 ? 
o752 
13 29 13 29 
I 7195 I 7195 
.5815 .5815 
I 7155 I 7147 
5829 
5831 
17o95 I 7o92 
.5849 .585o 
17o5o 1 7o4o 
5865 
5868 
956o 
954o 
I o46o 1.o468 
o562 
o562 
17 77 17.77 
o272 
o272 
36.66 36 66 
1678 
1679 59565 
5.9525 

Argentina 
A ustralia 
Austria 
Belgium 
Bra?i I 
B ritain 
3odayfut. 
6CWayfut. 
9odayfut. 
Canada 
Chile 
Colombia 
Denmark 
Egypt 
Ecuador 
France 
Greece 
Holland 
Hongkong 
Iran 
Israel ita ly 
Japan 
Jordan 
Kuwait ebanon 
Mex ico 
Norway 
Peru 
P hilippines 
Portugal 
SaudiArab 
So. A frica 
Spain 
Sweden 
Swit?erland 
3odayfut. 
6odayfut vOdayfut. 
Uruguay 
Venezuela 
W G erm any 
3odayfut 
6odayfuL 
9odayfut 

1.56 
1.56 
o4oo 
.o4oo 
2o19 
2o15 
o274 
o274 
4o98 
4o78 
215o 
215o 
.o139o .o139o 
1o61 
1o61 
.oo1128 oo1128 
oo36o1 oo361o 
3 o12o 3.o12o 
3.484o 3.484o 
.3289 
.3289 
o441 
o442 
1895 
1898 
o131 
o131 
1356 
.1356 
o259 
o259 
2829 
. 2829 
I 1525 I.1525 
o145 
.o145 
.23o7 
23o7 
3979 
.3968 
3985 
3974 
.3991 
.398o 
3999 
3989 
2283 
2283 
2331 
2331 
.4255 
.4241 
4258 
4244 
.4261 
.4247 
4264 
.4251 

641o 
641o 
25.oo 
25 oo 
4 9515 4 9615 
36 49 
36.49 
2 44oo 2 452o 
4 651o 4 651o 
71.5o 
71.5o 
9 425o 9 425o 
886 65 886 8o 
277 7o 277 OO 
332o 
332o 
287o2 .287o2 
3.o4oo 3.o4oo 
22 65 
2 2 6o 
5 2765 5.268o 
76 33 
76.33 
3 3746 7 3746 
38 57 
38 57 
3.5348 3.5348 
8676 
8676 
68 7o 68 7o 
4.333o A 333o 
2 513o 2 52oo 
2 5o94 2.5163 
2 5o56 2 5o25 
2.5oo6 2.5o68 
4 38o2 4 38o? 
4 29oo 4.29oo 
2 35oo 2 3574 
2 3485 2 356o 
2 3468 2 3546 
2 3452 2 3523 

AHIFX Options 

F rid a y. A p r. r * 

[Metals 
NEW YO RK (A P ) — Spot nonferrous m etal prices F rida y; 
Copper 73+8 cents a pound, U S. desti nations, lead 31 cents a pound, zinc 37 cents a pound, delivered; tin $4 845o a pound. New Y o rk; gold $147.25 per troy ounce. New Y o rk; silve r $4,725 per troy ounce. New Y o rk; quicksilver 
$148 oo nom inal per flask. New Y ork 
N EW YORK (A P ) — Spot com m odft prices (W holesale): 
Prev. Yea 
Today Day 
Age 
A lu m in u m ,tb .N Y 
51 
.51 
41 
A ntim ony, A m erican 
1 78 
1 78 
1 6o 

.7o+* 
128 4o 
4 455 
22+* 

213 92 
155 oo 
128 OO 

Copper, E le ctro lytic 
73'* 
.73+* 
Gold, tro y oz N Y 147 25 
145 6o 
S ilver, troy oz. N Y 4 725 
4 7o2 
Lead, Ib 
31 
31 
Pig Iron, t.o.b. fd ry 
Buffalo, Grss»n2lo 19 
21o 19 
P la tin u m .tryzN Y 16? oo 
162 oo 
Q u ickslvrF lskN Y 155.oo 
155 oo 
Steel scrap, gross ton, 
Phila. Chi P itts. 
72.17 
72.17 
9o 83 
Tin, Ib N Y 
4.845o 4 8569 
3.6117 
Zinc, Ib 
37 
A1 
37 
LONDON (A P ) — Closing m etals in pounds ste rlin g per m e tric ton 
Spot 
F utures 
Bid 
Asked 
Bid 
Asked 
Coppe r 
79 3 o o 
7 9 4 o o 
8 1 2 oo 
Tin 
5635 oo 
5645 oo 5725 oo 
Lead 
393 oo 
394 oo 
391 oo 
Zinc 
381 OO 
381.5o 
39o 5o 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — Pittsburgh scrap steel No. I heavy was quoted F rid a y by 
Iron Age at $74,oo 75.oo. 
NEW YORK (A P ) — S ilver futures F ri day on the New Y ork C om m odity Ex change. 
O pen 
H ig h 
Low Close 
P re v. 
N Y. SILC ER ( 5,ooo troy oz) 
F E 
47o.5o476.5o47o.5o 476.oos 
F E 
475 5o481 oo475.1o 
48o 2os 
FE 
48o 6o485 5o48o 
5o 485 8os 
FE 
488 6o485 5o488 oo 493.5os 
F E 
49o 5o495 oo49o 5o 496 1os 
FE 
495 7o5oo 5o495 7o 5o1 3os 
F E 
5o3 4o5o7,oo5o3 4o 5o6 5os 
F E 
5o9 oo511 oo5o7 
8o 511 7os 
FE 
514 oo514 oo514 
oo 516 9os 
Sales estim ated: 9,3oo s s e ttlin g 

613 OO 
573o oo 
392 oo 
391 oo 

469 4o 
474 5o 
479 6o 
487.3o 
489 9o 
495 oo 
SOO 3o 
5o5 5o 
51o 7o 

S ILV E R (5,ooo tro y oz) 

Source 
Bank of A m erica. New Y ork. 

M ay 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Oct 
Dec 
Fob 
Apr 
Jun 
Aug 
Oct 
Dec 

Here is the gold futures day, A p ril 29,1977; 
Open 
High 
C hicago M erca ntile 
1oo-Troy ounce contracts 
Jun 
146 9o 
148 3o 146 
Sep 
149 oo 
15o 4o 148 
Dec 
15o 8o 
152 5o 15o 
M ar 
153 3o 
154 7o 153 
Jun 
155 7o 
157 IO 155 
Sen 
— sales: June 125o; Sep 
M arch 4o, Jun 13; Sep o 

 trad ing to r F ri 

LowCiose 
P rv 
Exchange 

7o 148 2o 146 2o 
7o 15o oo 148 oo 
8o 152 4o 15o 4o 
3o 154 6o 152 BO 
7o 157 IO 155 2o 
— 159 6o 157.8o 
282; Dec 16o 

A M F 
A M F 
A S A , 
A S A 
A S A 
Avnet 
Avn et 
B a tty 
Batty 
Batty 
Caterp 
Caterp 
Caterp 
Coo Ed 
Con Ed 
Con Ed 
Dr Pep 
Dr Pep 
E l Pas 
E l Pas 
Et P as 
Fleetw 
Fteetw 
F le e tw 
Grace 
Grace 
La Pac 
La Pac 
La Pac 
M GIC 
. 
M G IC 
N Dis! 
N Gist 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
Non s 
NOH S 
Penney 
Penney 
Penney 
Phil P 
Phi! P 
Phil P 
Res OO 
Res OG 
Res OG 
Searte 
S earle 
Simp P 
Sim p P 
S fe rlq 
Teen CO 
Tennco 
Tiger . .. 
Tiger 
Zenith 
Zenith 
Zenith 

Aetna 
Aetna 
Am Cya 
Am Cya 
Am H o rn 
Am Horn 
Am Horn 
Asarco 
Asarco 
Asarco 
Beat f 
Burrqh 
B u rrg h 
Burrqh 
B u rrq h 
B u rrg h 
Chase 
Chase 
Chase 
C Tel 
Deere 
Deere 
Deere 
Dig Eq 
Dia Eq 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eq 
D ig Eq 
Diq Eq 
D ig Eq 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney du Pnt du Pnt du Pnt 
FSI Ch 

 price 
M ay 
...2 o 
+4 
NOV Clos* 
■ i d l r 
. . 25 
I 16 a 
Vt 
K i t 
....1 5 
3 d a d 
4+4 
I t 
.. . 7o 
7 16 17 16 
2 
I t 
........ 25 a 
*« I M I 
I t 
....1 5 
3 d 
3 d 
3 H 
*1 
. . . 
2o 
I 16 
7 16 
*4 t i 
2o 15 16 23 16213 16 
7o+4 
. 
25 
I 16 
H 
IT 16 
2o' 4 
------ 3o a d v$ 
2o+4 
5o 
4*4 
5H a 
54+? 
55 
H 
2 
3 
54+t 
. . . 6o ti 
H 
I d 
54' 7 
.. 
15 
VA a b 
I I H 
. TO 
T a 
T i 
29 16 
I I H 
- 
25 a d 
316 
I I H 
IO 
I' 7 a 
2+4 
I I H 
. . . I S 
I 16 
3 16 
Vt l i d 
IO 
7+8 
I ti 
16d 
.. 15 ld U 5 16 
VA 
16d 
2o a 
Vt 
5 16 
16d 
. . . . IO b 
I 
7*4 l i d 
.15 a 
Vt 
•a 
M d 
.7o 
I 16 
I 16 a l i d 
. . 
25 
5 
5+8 
5+4 
3o+a 
........3o 
7 16 
I IS 16 
3od 
IO 
5 't b b 
15d 
15 l l 16 IS 16113 16 
15 d 
2o a 
3 16 a 
M d 
15 
H 
1+8 
I d 
14*4 
IO a 
3 16 a 
U H 
.2 5 
3 16 d d 
74*4 
, 
3o 
I 16 b ti 
24+4 
15 
3*4 
4 
AH 
U H 
2o 
+4 13 16 
I *4 
M d 
75 a 
+4 
H l i d 
15 a 
3 d a 
ISH 
. . . . 7o a 
H a 
M d 
35 b 
3’ ? 
4H 
37d 
4o 
+4 
I i d 
37+4 
45 a a 
Vt 
37d 
. 
5o 
3+4 
5 
6 
53'4 
. . . 55 d 23 16 
3+4 
53'4 
. . . . <o a 
+4 
I d 
53+4 
.. IO 
VA b b 
W a 
. I S 77 16 
V A 
3 H 
W a 
2o d 
*4 l l 16 
U d 
........ 1o113 16 
VA 27 16 l i d 
15 
I 16 
3 16 
5 1 6 
11*4 
IO i d 
7 79 16 
11+4 
-. 15 
I 16 
5 16 
1 7 
11*4 
IS a 
5 16 l l 16 
14 
3o 
3+8 
3 d 
VA 
33' a 
.3 5 d 
H 
I 
33d 
IO 
I 
1+? 
1 + 4 l l 
..........15 
I 16 
I 16 d l l 
... 2o b 
2*8215 16 
22 
. . . I S 
16 
Va 
H 
22 
3o 
I 16 
Jut a 
Oct a 
Jan 
27 

.. 3o 
3 
3+4 
4 H 
37d 
. . . 35 
' t 
I 17 16 
32d 
IS 
2+8 a 
2*4 
77' 4 
3o 
16 
'4 d 
27+4 
.2 5 
2+4 
3 d 
3 d 
27' 4 
3o 
H 
H ll 16 
27+4 
35 
I 16 b b 
27+4 
IS 
Ad 
6+2 b y id 
7o 
2+? 
V a 
3 d 
21d 
25 
H ll 16 
VA 
2 ld 
75 
' ? 
’ a a 
24*8 
. 
SO 
V t 
8H a 
57 
6o 17 16211 16 
3 d s r 
7o 
'A 
H 
I d 
57 
8o 
I 16 a b sr 
9o a 
I 16 b sr 
25 
5'? 
B 
B d ? 
..3o 
35 a 
15 
9-16 
25 
3o 
35 
35 

?’ > 
5 16 
4 + 

17-16111 16 
'x 
5 16 
+% l l 16 b 

4o 19 16 

7 '* 
3 
+* 
57# 
3 

 b 
7 16 b 

45 
7 16 l l 16 
46+* 
' 
5o 
53+* 
6o 
35111 16 
387* 
' 
AO 
+8 
43+4 
' 
45 
12o 
13o 
14o 

3 16 
I 16 
I 16 
1 16 

6+* 
2 
5 16 

87* 
37* 
I ’* 

3+* 
I 
6+* 
3"# 
1+4 b b b b 
3+* b 
1+* b b 

3o 
3o 
15+* 
317» 
31+8 
317 8 
38'? 
31+? 
31'? 
38' / 
31' t 
38'? 
38'» 
35 
35 
35 
ES 
35 
11+* 125+> 
5+* 125? b 125+> 
1 5 2 3 1 6 2 7 1 6 
3 '* 
17'* 

New Y ork C om m odity Exchange 
IOO tro y ounce contracts 
Jun 
146.8o148 2o146 8o 
148 oos 146 2o 
Aug 
147 9o149 3o147.9o 
149 3os 147 5o 
O d 
15o oo151 oo149 4o 
15o 8os 149 oo 
Dec 
51o1o152.4o151oo 
152 4os 15o 6o 
Feb 
152 4o153 4o152 4o 
154 oos 152 3o 
Jun 
156 5o157.3o156 oo 
157 4os 155 6o 
Aug 
158 4o158 4o158.4o 
159 1os 157 3o 
Sales estim ated 2,421. s settling. 

Selected w o rld gold prices F riday. 
London: m orning fixin g 
$146 5o, up 
$o 9o, afternoon fixin g $147 25, up $1 65 
P a ris: afternoon fixin g $148 65, up $o.59. 
F ra n k fu rt: close $146.68, off $o 13 
Z urich : $147 oo bid up $1.75; $147.7$ asked 
Handy & Harm an base price . New 
Y o rk: $147 25, up $165 
Engelhard selling price, New Y o rk: 
$147 75. up $1.65 

FSI Ch 
2o 
+6 
5 16 
9 16 
17 d 
G Tel 
25 
4 d b b 
3o+a 
G Tel 
3o 
1I IS 16 ll 16 
3o+a 
G Tel 
35 a a 
3 16 io u 
Gillfct 
25 
3 + 4 
3 d 
3*4 
28d 
Gibe* 
3o 
5 16 d 
1+8 
28+e 
.Goodyr 
.. 
TO 
9 16 15 16 
1+4 
19' ? 
Goodyr 
. 25 
I 16 
3 16 a 
19' 1 
Greyhd 
. . . i i 
3 16 
H 
'? 
M d 
Gulf O 
. 
25 
3' 7 
3 d a 
28 >4 
Gulf O 
3o 
Vt 
' l l 16 
28*4 
Hercul 
. 
2o a 
2 d 
3 d 
21*48 
H ercul 
25 
3 16 d 
15 16 
71*4 
N F C 
2o 
7 16 l l 16 IS 16 
2 o '• 
Lilly 
4o 
I 
1*4 
2 d 
3Bd 
Lilly 
45 
*4 d ll 16 
38'a 
Lilly 
, 
5o a 
Vt b 
38+8 
M erril .. 
15 
2 d 
VA 
3 d 
U d 
M erril 
IO 
* b 13 16 
1+9 
U H 
M erril 
... 25 
I 16 
Va b 
17*4 
Mesa P 
. 3o 
41/4 
4 d 
5V? 
331/4 
Mesa P 
.. 35 ll 16 
2213 16 
33+4 
Mesa P 
.. 4o 
3 16 1116 l l 16 
33+4 
Mot ria 
4o 
4 + 8 
5'a a 
43 d 
Motrla 
. .. 4 5 ll 16 
2 d 
2 d 
43 d 
Pfizer 
25 
1*8 
1*4 
2+4 
25d 
Pfizer 
. 
. .3o 
'n d 
' ? 
1ST a 
Phelps 
. . .. .3o a 
4+» a 
33*4 
Phelps 
____35 
9 16 a a 
33*4 
Ph Mar 
. ,5o 
4 d 
I d 
6'? 
54 
Ph M or 
. 
6o a 
13 16 a 
54 
Pitney 
...2 o d 
13 16 i d 
18*4 
Proc G 
, . 7 o 
7 d 
B d a 
77+j 
Proc G . 
.8 o i d 
2 d 
3 d 
77'? 
Proc G 
..IOO 
I 16 b b 
77'? 
R ite A 
.15 
'? 
15 16 15 16 
14H 
St Cal 
...3 5 s d b b 
4o+7 
St Cat 
...4 o 13 16 
1*4 
V t 
4o'? 
St Cal 
. . . 45 
3 16 d a 
4o* I 
T R W 
.. .35 29 16 a a 
36+? 
T R W 
...4 o a 
15 16 17 16 
36+'? ran d y 
. 
3o l l 1611! 16 23 16 
28 d 
T andy 
....3 5 
3 16 d 
I 
28d 
Tandy 
.. 4o a 
•4 
H 
28+8 randy 
. .. .45 
I 16 
'a ti 
78+t 
Texaco 
.. .25 
2+8 
V t 
27 16 
26 d 
Texaco 
- .3 o 
I 16 
3 16 
5 16 
267 a 
U Carb .. ..5o 
4+? 
S d 
6 
54+4 
U Carb 
..6 o 
+8 IS 16 i d 
54*4 
U S St 
...4 5 17 16 
2*8 
3+4 
45d 
U S S * 
...SO 
5 16 d i d 
45+8 
Wrn Lm 
25111 16 a a 
26’ 4 
Wrn Lm 
.3 o d d d 
26+4 
Westng .. .1 5 s d 
6 
6+4 
21’ a 
Westng 
.. 
TO 17 16 21 16 
V t 
21 d 
Westng 
.2 5 
Vt 
M i 
H 
2 id 
Total volum e 33.12o 
Open interest 1,o4o,589 a Not traded b No option offered 

Philadelphia Options 

Option 
Abb! L M a y45 
Abb! L A u g4o 
Abbt L Aug45 . 
Abb! L A uq5o 
Abbt L Nov45 
Add C JuUO . . 
A dd C Jul45 
A d d C JulSO 
Add C Oct to 
Add C oct45 
A d d C OctSO 
Add C Jan4o 
Anise Ju 12o 
. 
AllisC J u l25 
. 
A n is e Jul3o 
AllisC O c125 
. 
AllisC O ct3o 
AllisC Jan3o 
A Hess M ay2o.. 
Hess May25 
Hess May.3o ess M ay35 . 
Hess Aug25 . 
Hess Aug3o 
Hess Aug 35 
Hess Nov3o 
Hess Nov35 
Ash I O Jul3o 
Ash! O J u l35 
Ash I O O d 3o 
Ash I O Oct 35 
Ash! O Jan3o 
Ashl O Jan35 . 
Bluebl Jul 25 
Bluebl 
Ju 13o . 
Bluebl O ct25 
Bluebl Oct3o 
Bluebl Jan25 
Bluebl Jan3o 
Bois C M a y25 
Bois C May3o 
Bois C May35 
Bois C A uq25 
Bois C Auq3o 
Bois C Aug35 
Bois C Nov25 
Bois C N ov3o 
B ra n d Jul IO 
. 
B ra n if Jul 15.. 
B ra n ifO c tlO 
B ra n if O ct 15 . 
B ra n if JanlO 
. 
Cty In Jul IO 
C ty In Jul 15 
. 
Cty In Oct IO 
Cty In Oct 15 
Cty In Jan IO 
. 
Cty In Jan IS 
Ciorox JultO 
C lorox Jul 15 
Ciorox OctlO 
Clorox Oct 15 
Ciorox JanlO 
Clorox Jan IS 
. 
Comsat Jut25. 
Comsat J u l3o 
. 
Comsat Jul35___ 
Comsat Judo 
. 
C om sat Oct3o 
Comsat Oct35 ,,, 
Comsat Oct4o 
Comsat Jan3o 
Comsat Jan35 
Cont O J u l35 
Cont O J u 14o. 
Cont O O d 35 
Cont O O d JO 
Cont O Jan35 
. 
Cont O Jan4o 
Dressr Judo 
D re ssrJu l4 5 . 
Dressr O ct4o 
Dressr Oc145 
Dressr Jan 4o 
Dressr Jan 4o 
Duk PW Jul2o 
Duk PW O d TO 
Eas Os J u l25 
Eas GS Jul3o 
Eas Gs o o 2 5 
Eas Gs o o 3 o 
Eas Os J an 25 
Eas Gs Jan3o 
Engl M Jut3o 
Engl M Jul35 
Engl M O d3o 
Engl M o o 3 5 
Engl M Jan3o 
Engl M Jan35 
Firstn May2o 
Firstn Aug2o 
F irs tn 
Aug25 
F irstn Nov2o 
G A F JultO 
G A F Jut IS 
G A F Oct l O 
G A F Oct IS 
G A F Jan IO ___ 
G A F Jan IS. 
GeoPac Jul.3o 
GeoPac Jut35 
GeoPac Jul29+s. 
GeoPac J uI34+b 
GeoP ac J u l39’ x 
GeoPac Oct3o 
GeoPac Oct35 
GeoPac o o 3 4 + # 
GeoPac Jan35 
. 
How Jn JultO 
How Jn Jut 15 
How Jn OctlO 
How Jn O d 15 
How Jn JanlO 
How Jn Jan 15 
Inexco M ay 15 
Inexco 
May2o 
.. 
Inexco M ay25___ 
Inexco Auq 15 ----- 
Inexco Aug2o ... 

29+* 
29+8 
33 
33 

Sales open 
Net N Y. 
(1oos) 
Int H ighLow Last Chg.Close 
7 
394 
+a 
'* 
+8-1 16 41+* 
5? 
27 3+8 
1+* 3+*F IV* 
41+b 
1o8 
29o 
+. 
'7 
+6.......... 
41+* 
2 
354 +4 
Vt 
' * .......... 
41+* 
21 
34o 1+7 
I '* 
I'/* .......... 
41+* 
2o 
295 47* 
3+4 3+a- 
1+* 
43d 
12o 
745 
I +*15 16 !+*-+1-16 
43+4 
IO 
2255 16 d 5 16— I 16 
43+4 
14 
46 5+4 
4+4 4+4— I 
43+4 
19 
36o 2+b 
2 
2+8—7 16 
43+4 
12 
29o9 169 169 16— 
V« 
43+4 
5 
111 5+* 
5+* 5+*— '4 
43+4 
2 l l 9 
9 
9 
— 1+4 
29+* 
141 
817 5 'b 4’4 
5+b......... 
29+8 
32? 151o111 1611 161+*—3 16 
29+* 
19 
344 5+8 
5V« 5+*— 
Vt 
?9+* 
243 
945 2+7 
I 7* 
2 '* — 
+ 
67 
117 
2+4 
2+4 
2+4+ 
+ 
5o 
7? 12 
I? 
12 
* 
+ 
194 
455 7+e 
6+» 7+8+ 2 
534 174o 3'8 
1+* 
3 '* + 1+8 
33 
685 51555 16 
' b5 16 * 3 16 
33 
134 
849 8’ 8 6+4 
8+8+ 
1+* 33 
192 147o 
4211 16 
4 
+ I'? 33 
413 3823 l+ * ll 16 t+V+11 16 
33 
17 
9oo 4’8 3+7 
4+b L 
I'8 33 
141 1o71115 1615 16115 16++* 33 
44 
193 4+4 3'? 
4 'e+ 
+* 33+4 
73 1336 
+4 
+*7 16 -3 16 
33+4 
14 
12o 4+4 3+4 
4+8+ 
+8 33d 
111 
832 
1+4 
I 
1 '* + 1 I6 
33+4 
5 . . 
47e 
4+e 
4+8......... 
33+4 
26 
19 I 7* 1+8 
1+7- 
Vt 33+4 
29 
64 
3+? 2+8 3+?— 
'* 283 
39 
8115 16 
+*15 16 L I 16 
28 
8 
8 3+4 3+e 
3'?— 
1+8 28 
98 
12o 1+* I l+ * ~ 
+4 28 
3 
5 4 
4 
4 
— 
1 28 
2 
9 I 7* I 7* 
I 7/*— 
6 
34o 7 
6+4 
7 
— 
34 
2656 2'8 1+4 
? 'e - 
' ? 31+* 
3 2282 
'* 
'8 
'* - 
I 
44 7 
7 
I 
- 
6 
1o75 2+4 2+4 
2+4- 
14 1866 
+* 
+» 
**- 
14 
3 
8+* 8 
8 
1o 
28o 3+4 3+4 
3+4- 
867 86925 163 165 16......... 
13 22871 161 161 16 
475 6229 
+*7 169 16— I 16 
6 
38o 
’ •1 1 6 1 1 6 
.. 
523 
8 97 15)6 
+*1316 
3o 
447 4V7 4+* 
4V?+ 

 inexco Aug?5........ 
Inexco N o v lS ........ 
Inexco Nov2o 
----- 
Inexco N o v 2 5 .... 
Joy M ay4 o ............ 
Joy May45............ 
Joy M ay 5o 
.......... 
Joy Auq4o 
Joy Auq 45................ 
Joy AugSO 
Joy Nov4o toy Nov 45................ 
Joy NovSO 
............ 
La Lnd M a y25 
.. 
.a Lnd M ay3o .. i.a Lnd AugTS — 
.a Lnd Aug3o 
.. 
^a Lnd Nov25........ 
La Lnd NOV 3o 
. 
M arlot M ay IO........ 
M ariof M ay 15 
... 
M ariot May9+4 
M a rio t M a y l4 + *. 
M a rio t A u g lO ------ 
M a rio t Aug 15 — 
M ariot Aug9+4. 
M a rio t Aug 14+*. 

588 44o513 16 
’ > + * ........... 
34 
365 
67* 
5+* 6+J+ I 
7o4 28o5 
3’ ? 
J 1* 3’*-F 
Vt 
1o41 389o17 1611 1 6 H 4 F ’ 4 
I 
129 
154 
1 
266 
164 
2 
16 
122 
185 

2 
7»* 7+*— +6 
2o9 
2+4 
1+* 
1H— 1+* 
62? 
+?3 163 16— 9 16 
6+'* 
3+4 
1+4 
7 
6 
2 Vt 
2+* 

67* 
27* 
Vt 
I 
AVt 
I ’ ? 
1+* 

6 7 * - 2+* 
27/* + 
+* 
I 
— 
Vt 
J 
— V? 

4 V4— 1 + * 
I ’/J— 1+* 
I Vt— V * 
2 4 6 64o331 6116 
56 
397215 162 
2 + * -9 16 
285 3324 
** 
+*7 1 6- 3 16 
75 
157 3Vt 2+* 2+* 
+4 
198 117811 16 
+4 
+4—5-16 
31 
157 Vt 
•* 
Vt 
I 
32) 6 1 1 6 1 1 6 ........ 
9'7 
26 
691 Vt 
Vt 
+4—3-16 
7 31241 161 161 16 
79 
3881116 
1?9 16 
32 
94316 
19 1353 
+4 
63 264o3 16 
M ariot NOV IO ____ 
295 1o28 
VA 

78 
31+* 

-316 
31+» 
31+* 

1 + 4 

31+* 
31+* 
31+8 
31+* 
9'4 
9+4 
9+4 
9'4 
9+4 
14+8 
455 65889 165 16 
+? + 
Vs 
14+# 
41 
81 
44* 
4+* 
4 + * . . . . ; 
14+* 
146 Jo29 
7*11 16 
+4. 
14+* 
16 
71o 
4+4 
4+4 4+4 * 
'# 14+* 
91 
162 
I ’ s 
7* 1'8-h 
'# 14+* 
132 
666 
1+e 
+* 1+*F 
Vt 11+4 
46 36151 161 161-16 
. .. . l i d 
187 
786 
I'? 
Vt I'? 4- 
+7 11 bi 
74 1732 
Lei 16 
99 
142 
1+* 
I 
91 
215 

18 
1 16 l i d 
1+* 
11 Vt 
'/4 + I 16 l i d 
5 
3o 1o+* IO '* 1o+t— 
Vt 
3y „ 
87 
494 6 
4+8 5+?— 
Vt 357a 
143 199621 16 IV, 
IC* 
357e 
1o3 
253 
'? +8 
+»— 
'* 357* 
I 
17o 
6 
6 
6 
— 
357* 
1o6 
811 3+4 2' 7 3 
F 
+4 357s 
161 
344 
H * 
7*11 16—3 1 6 
357* 
4 
6 6+4 6' ? 6+4— 
1 ? 357 s 
4o 
37 3+* 3+8 3+*+ 
'4 357, 
41? 1198 
VA z/allS 16—3 16 36d 
241 2494 
V,3 165 16— 
Vt 36+4 
123 
76o 2+4 I 7* 
2’ ?— 
+* 36+4 
76 1o54 
Vt +8 
+*— 
Vt 36+4 
54 
8o 
3'/«211 163 
— V? 
36+4 
35 
146 I '* I l l 16— 5 
16 36d 
87 
19o 5 
3 
5 
F 
+* 45d 
176 
56619 16 I 19 16-+5 16 
45'4 
A1 
147 S’ ? 37* 5 '? + 
Vt 45' 4 
396 
667 2'/? 1+4 
V ?+ 
Vt 45+4 
62 
125 57e 4'? 5+» 
16 
47 3 '* 2+8 3 
13 
58 
1 + 8 Vt 
33 
89 1+* Va 
3o 
326 2+4 1+4 
65 1244 
+»5 16 
56 
12o 4 
9o 
768 I 
14 
15 4 
3+4 3+4 + 
V* 26 
84 
219 1+4 I 
1+**- 
1/4 26 
232 
186 2+7 I* 7 
2+7— 2' 
+• 
Vt..... 
3 
3 
......... 
Vt I 
- 
1 
3+4 3+4......... 
1+8 !+* U * 

45d 
45'? 
1+ * + 
Vt 
21 
I Vt 
1 + 4 - I 
26 
+*— I 16 
26 
2+7 
2 + ? - 
Vt 
26 
Vt— 
Vt 
16 

81 
326 
IO 
3 
134 
21o 
I '* 
3 + 4 

32+e 
32+8 
32+s 
32+* 
32+a 
2 
2 
7 1+8 
!+* 1+*- 1+* 3?+* 
2o 
191 d 'a 
' * — 
'a 
19 
1o4 
25811 16 
+* 
+7- 3 16 
19 
12 
6351 161 161 16 
. 
19 
49 
2o7 I 
+* 
I 
- I 16 
19 
6 
281 
1+4111 16111 16 + 3 1611+8 
56 2o87 
+91 161 1 6 - I 16 
11+* 
9 
123 
17» 19 16111 16— I 1611+* 
78 
1o113 16 
'* 
VU— 116 
11+* 
29 
24 2+4 
2 
2 
— +? 
11+* 
125 
1345 163 16 
+4— 
'* l l * * 
17 
19 2+* 
2'4 21'?— 
1+7 31+e 
46 
48o9 16 
+* 
+*—5-16 31+* l l 
38 3+8 
27a 27* - 
1+7 31+8 
14 
187 Vt 
Vt 
+*—7 16 31+* 
25 
3723 163 163 1 6 -1 16 
31+* 
32 
42 4 
27/# 3 
— 7* 31+* 
55 214 
I'.# 
+*13 1 6 -5 16 
31+e 
32 
1o4111 16 7e 
7* — !+» 
31+* 
2 
3 17 a 
I 7* 
I 7*— 
+8 31+8 
295 2816 +? 
Vt 
+*-1-1 6 
9+» 
28 28461 161 161 16 
9+» 
298 
3359 +4 
'7 
+4 h i 16 
9+* l l 
1376 'a 'a 
'a ................. 
9+» 
399 
533 
I 
+4 
I 
-Ll 16 
9+* 
23 
2o3 16 
'* 
'* —I 16 
9*8 
276 
551 6'a 
4+4 5+4L 
I 2o’* 
1624 46o819 1613 161'? + S16 
2Q7* 
557 29553 161 16 
'* + 1 16 
2o7* 
371 
763 6+4 
4 Vt 6 
— ' * 2o7a 
1398 5386 
2+4115 162** + +* 
2o7/* 

M a rio t NOV 15 
M ariot NOV9+4 
M ariot NOV 14>* 
Mc Der M a y45 
Mc Der M ay 5o 
M c D er M ay6o 
Mc Der Auq 45 
Mc Der AugSO 
Mc Der Nov45 
Mc Der NOV 5o 
NL Ind May2o 
N L Ind M ay25 
NL Ind Aug25 
NL Int) Nov2o 
NL Ind Nov25 
P P G M ay55 
. 
P P G May6o 
P P G AugSO 
P P G Aug55 
. 
P P G Aug6o 
P P G Nov5o.. . 
P P G Nov55.. ., 
P P G Nov6o . 
P ttstn May3o 
.. 
P ttstn M ay35 . 
P tts tn M ay4o 
Pttstn M ay34+*.. 
P tts tn M ay39'4 
Pttstn M ay44'6- 
Pttstn Aug3o 
Pttstn Aug 35 
P tts tn Aug4o 
Pttstn Aug 34*e .. 
Pttstn Aug39+*.. 
Pttstn Nov 3o 
Pttstn 
Nov35 
Pttstn Nev4o........ 
Scot P Ju ltS ........ 
Scot P Jul TO 
.. 
Scot P Oc 12o . 
Scot P Jan 15 .. 
Scot P Jan2o 
Se abc L Jul 35 ... 
SeabCL Judo 
SeadCL O d 35 . 
SeabCL Od4o 
SeabCL Jan35 
SeabCL Jan4o . 
Sun Co May4o 
Sun Co M a y45 
Sun Co MaySO 
Sun Co Aug4o 
Sun Co Aug45 
. 
Sun Co AugSO 
Sun Co NOv45 
Sun Co NovSO 
Teldyn Jul5o........ 
Teldyn Jul55........ 
Teldyn Jul6o........ 
Teldyn J ut 68........ 
Teidvji JutTO 
Teldyn JutS3+8 .. 
Teldyn Jul58d 
.. 
Teldyn Oct5o . . . . 
Teldyn O c t5 5 ----- 
Teldyn Oct6o 
... 
Teldyn Oct68 . . . . 
Teldyn Oct7o 
.. 
Teldyn Oct53+* .. 
Teldyn o o 5 8 + 4 ... 
Teldyn JanSO........ 
Teldyn J a n 5 5 ........ 
Teldyn Jan6o 
----- 
Teldyn Jan7o 
Trnsam M ay IO 
T tn sa m M a v lS .. . . 
Trnsam AuglO 
T rn s a m A u g l5 
Trnsam Nov IO 
Trnsam Nov 15 . . . . 
Un Pac M a y5o 
Un Pac May55 
.. 
JU K N JP ac 
AugSO 
1+4 
537 a 
Un PacAugSS 
Un Pac Aug6o 
Un Pac Nov5o 
Un PacNovSS. 
Un Pac Nov6o 
Va E P Jut IS 
V a E P O ct 15 
Va E P JanlO 
V a E P JanlS 
Wst Un Jot IS 
Wst Un Jut 2o 
Wst Un o o 1 5 
W sl UnOctTO 
Wst Un Jan 15.. 
W st Un J a r$ o 
W lw rth May2o 
W iw rth May25 
Altwrth Aug 2o 
W lw rth 
Aug25 
W lw rth Now2o . 

162 
I 
9o 
64815 16 
S 
414 
'* 
18 
19o 
8V4 
499 1475 
37a 
24 
3o2516 
17 
243 9 
25o 122o 
5 
SO 
8o 
522 
9 
357 

3 16 
< s3 16 I I 16 
** 
H — 
’ ? 
+#3 16 + 1 16 
7* 
7* — 
Vt 
+43 163 16 - I 16 
+4 
I 
—- 
** 
'* — 
'* 
8',4+ I Va 
3+?+ 
+* 
5'? 
1+4 

6 
8+4 
6+ 4 
I 7* 

7+* 
V A 
8 
4+> 
1+4 

9+7+ 1 + 7 
S H + 1+* 
8+*— VA 
6+4+ I '* 
17* + 

2o'* 
2o7* 
2 o ’ e 
2o7a 
46' 4 
46d 
46 d 
46+4 
46d 
46+4 
46d 
46+4 
46+4 
26'* 
26+a 
2 6 '* 
26+s 
26'* 
26'* 
9 '7 

9'7 
9 '7 
9+7 
9+7 
9+7 
9'7 
9+7 
9+7 
9'7 
9'? 
53'? 
S3+? 
53+7 
53+7 
53+7 
53*7 
53’* 
21*7 
5 
5831 161 161 16.......... 
21+7 
Vt- 

3’* + 

87e + 
4'4 + 

816 
I 
66 
2 
2 
53 
4937 16 
+* 
61 
127 3+4 2+4 
88 
221 
' ?3 16 
5 
32 87* 8 
29 
151 4+4 3'? 
82 
125115 161+*1+*.......... 
15 
26 9+a 9 
9 
— +7 
26 
48 5+7 5 
5 
A- 'A 
33 
54215-162’/42+?L 
Vt 
AOI 
455 m ' * 
Vt— VA 
398 27o23 161 16 
' * — 1 1 * 
3 
68o1 161 161-16 ........ 
178 
995 
* A 'A 
'* — 1* 
31 16o21 161 161 16.......... 
I 
245 
'* 
'* ' * + 116 
599 
576 2+4)3 16 2 '* — 
»* 
1o3o 263815 16 7 16 
+7—7 16 
44 11125 161 161-16— 3 16 
46 
421 
+4 
Vt 
+4— 
V* 
67 
677 
+* 
'45 16.......... 
444 
435 3'721 16 2+4— 
IV* 
AAA 1o4219.1613 1615 16—+* 
3o1 
667 I 
'A 
+*— Vt 
3 
78 1+* 
IV , IV*— 2 
I I 11341 161 161 1 6 -1 I * 
23 
474 
V*3 163 16............ 
IO 
12 2 '* 
VA 
2+7+ +* 
IO 
8o 
+*5 16 
82 
14o 3+* 2+» 
193 
5o9 
P/49 16 
78 
7o 4’* 3+4 
176 
473 
V t I 
18 
S 4+4 37* 
SO 
75115 !61V*17* .......... 
18 
317 4+7 
3+* 37/*— 7* 
77 
888 
'* 
Vt 
+* 
12 
7933 161 161 16— 
'* 
16 
169 4+* 
4Vt 4'4— I 
8o219 1615 161+4-5 16 
588 
+* 
+» 
+*— 116 
442 
2+4 2+* 2+»L3 16 
171 
+4 
+4 
+4—3 16 
766 
19+4 14's 17+*+- 37* 
_ 
849 15+4 9+4 13 
+• 3+4 
788 
2586 io+* S+* 
8+4+ 2+4 
771 
4271 9'4 
17* 
3 '* + 1+* 
2269 4249 
3’ a 
1+* 
T H + 11 16 
23 
558 16'? 1o+4 14+?+- 3 
268 1797 2 
4+4 1 o + 3 

116 
3>4— vt 
+*— 
'* 
4 '* + 
'* 
P/4—5 16 
4 +4— v a 

36 
3 
119 
IO 
59 
76 

IO 
2o2 19+4 
19+4 1 9 d + 5+4 
64 
5o1 15+4 
IO’ ? 14'7 + 3+4 
293 1645 12'* 
7'1 1o'*+- 2»* 
335 
2567 6+4 4 
5+»4- 1»* 
484 
3o85 6+4 1»* 
4+*+ 
I ' * 
53 
286 17 13 
157*+- 3'* 
44 
659 13V* 
1o+* 11**-+ V t 
I 
I? 2o 2o 
2o 
+■ 3+* 
3? 
1o6 16'* 
12+4 15+*+ 27* 
51 
*2o 13 
6+* I1+-4+- 2+i 
558 
787 
I'A 
3*4 
* ' * - 3 
347 
576 4 
3+» 
4 
+• 
'* 
41 111647 Val 16 
'* + 1 )6 
13 
327 4 
3+4 
4 
- 
+* 
576 74917 165 16 
7 
2o 4+» 4 
327 265411 16 
': 
28 
216 4 
2' ? 
67 
252 
+* 
+*9 16-1 16 
82 
114 
5»» 
4»* 

21'* 
21'* 
I i ' * 
58+4 
58+4 
58' 4 
58d 
58*4 
58' 4 
58'* 
58+4 
3o** 
3o** 
3o** 
3o+» 
3o+8 
3o+8 
3o+* 
3o+* 
3o*8 
3o+* 
3o+* 
3o+d 
3o** 
SO4* 
16+* 
16+* 
U H 
16H 
16+* 
38 
38 
38 
38 
38 
3o 
43H 
43H 
43H . 
43H 
43H 
43+8 
43+8 
43H 
67 H 
67+* 
67 +* 
67*8 
67 H 
67+* 
67*8 

H - 1 16 
4+8— 
'* 
** V I 16 
3 *7 + - 
+» 

2o5 
243 
V t 
I H H S -16—9-16 
13 
12313 16 
H 
% — 
'4 
86 
111 
6 d 
SH 6 
— 3 
156 
247 
3H 
2+4215 16— 3 16 
1o3 
117115 -161**1 Va— 
Vt 
IOO 5494 
Va 
'*3 16+-1-16 
. 
27o 2661 
+83 165 16+- 
'•* 
2o 
4 
47* 
4H 4H 
4o8 
48o716516 
7 
97 
2+4 2*4 
45 347o 
'*1 1 6 
25 
67 
2+4 2+» ^ 
1 17 1983 d 3 1*3 16— 1-16 
4 
5 
IV* 
27% 27* + 
15o 
3)97 165 16 
13 
185 
4 '* 3*4 
325 33o25 I* 
+% 
8 
53 
4 '7 4 
19o 161615 16 9 1*9 16-3-16 
5 
15 4+b 
AAA 4H +- H 

+ * ... 
2*4.. 

2 H - 

+*— 1-16 
3 H — 
'a 
**— 
»* 
4 
— *% 

67+* 
67+8 
67H 
67*8 
67H 
67 'a 
67+8 
67 H 
67 H 
67 H 
67** 
14 
14 
14 
14 
14 
14 
5378 
537* 
3 V 4 - 

537* 
537* 
S37. 
537* 
537* 
15 
IS 
15 
15 
U H 
17H 
17H 
U H 
U H 
U H 
73H 
23H 
23+* 
23+* n u t 

C o m p lete n a tio n w id e eom p o lite prieew 

A m e r i c a n s t a c k s 
E x c lu siv e in Kan A n ton io 

. 
A-B-C 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) . T ra d in g (o r th e w e ek in A m e ric a n 
S tock E x c h a n g e issues 
Yearly 
Sales 
N e t 
H ig h la w 
(H ds.) H ig h lo w la s t Chg. 

7+8 
5+e A 
E P I* 
4 
77 
6 '4 
5+o 
5+4— 
'A 
12*4 
9 
A A R C p 
36 
9 
135 
12V4 
IO U 
11'/? + r n 
57/e 
4+4 A A V Cos 
32 
6 
49 
47/e 
4+4 
47/e— 
Ve 
9*o 
6 U A P S ln c 
3o 
6 
88 
7+2 
7 
7 '4 — 
Vt 
12’ t 
1o*» A SPR O 
56 
5 
48 
11+o 
IO U 
1o7o- 
+o 
1+o11 16 A T I 
Inc 
39 
1+o 
IV * 
1+o + 
Vt 
12 
9 + b A V C C p 
4o 
5 
63 
11V« 
9*4 
IO 
- r n 
34 i m A V X C p 
.32 
6 
A b rd M f 
4o 
8 
57 
127o 
11+o 
12U + u 
7 
6 
4 
6 U 
6U 
6'A— u 
3+4 
1+8 A c m e H m 
52 r n 
I U 
I U — u 
2'A 
2+4 A c m e P r 
5 
6 
2'b 
2V4 
214.. . 
'4 
9*4 
6 + ? A c tio n 
28b 
5 
3o 
o7/o 
6+o 
6+4 + 
4*4 
3 U A cto n C p 
13 
4o 
4 '4 
A 
4 '4 . .. 
5+o 
3 U A d a m Rs 
o4e 
7 
95 
5*o 
4*4 
514 + 
"Vt 
36*8 
13' a A dobeO tl .16 
IS 
149 
1 3U 
13U 
13*4— 
Vt 
F e 
I U A egisC p 
7 
188 
1*o 
I U 
I U . . . 
IO U 
8' ? A e ro F io .15e 
6 
12 
IO U 
IO 
IO 
U 
2 '4 
IV? A e ro n ca 
36 
1*4 
IV , 
V U - 
B U 
3+o A f til Cap lOe 
5 
47 
4*4 
4+o 
4+o 
Vt 
9+b 
7 
A ffilH s p 
24 
7 
61 
8 
7 
714— 
32+e 
IO U A ffitP u b 
56 
7 
I 
12Ve 
12U 
12U — 
Va 
7+4 
5+8 A fte rS ix 
.24 
6 
9 
7 
o+o 
7 
. . . 
U 
8*4 
6 '? A la n W d S 
16 
6+4 
o+2 
6+o + 
5 '4 
3+8 A la s k A ir 
5 
221 
4+4 
3*4 
4 
2+o 
I U Al ba W a 
OSe 67 
16 
2+4 
2 
2 
- 
‘ U 
6+o 
5+8 A lc o la c 
32e 
6 
28 
5 '4 
S U 
5*4— 
+o 
IO 
8+4 A ile gC p w t 
5 
9 
S U 
9 
- 
Va 
6 U 
47o A H e g A ir 
15 
264 
5+o 
5 Vs 
S U — 
U 
27s 
F a A lle g A w tO 
6 
2+4 
2+4 
2+4+ 
Vt r n 
*8 A lle g A w tN 
29 
+o 
+o 
+o. . . 
2 8 ? 
7+2 
25'4 A lle g a t e 3 
5+s A llia n t 
36e 
'4 
2 
8 
25'2 
674 
25'4 
6+2 
25'4. 
. 
o1/2— 
' va 
I U 
I 
A lld A rt 
165 
I '4 
I 
I 
— 
Vs 
2o’ ? 
13*8 A lld T h r 
88 
8 
18 
17 
16’ a 
1 o 7 o - 
+o 
3 U 
2 
A ip b a ln d 
5+8 A lta m il lOe 
8 
37 
2*4 
2+o 
2+4 + u 
7+o 
A 
33 
67/o 
6*4 
6*4 
3*o 
78 A lte c Cp 
7815 16 
7/815 164 I 16 
7 16 3 16 A lte c C p w f 
. 
1o2 5 16 3 16 3 16— 1-16 
5U 
12V. 
49*4 
S 
3 
7 U 
22’ 8 
7 U 
7 l l 

6U 
5 'a A lte c C rp p f 
6 
15’ a 11 Va A lte rF d s 
5o 
7 
SI 
49'a 
47’ s A lco a p f3 75 zM 5o 
F U 4+e AAAAX w t 
68 
4 iv . A m A g ro 
15 
S U 
6 U A m B iltr t 
SO 7 
31 
23s* 
16+e Arn B rd w t 
434 
8 U 
A’ s A m B u s P 
28 
9 
76 
7 1 . 
6 U A C o ntr! 
48 
7 
I 
2 
I 
A m F le tc h 
. . 
SI 
3 1 6 1 1 6 A m F itc h w t 
9»S 
5*4 
A G arP e! 
.34 
44 
5'8 
3' J A ln tP ic t 
3 
IO 
3 * . 
2 U A ls ra e l l l r 
6 
43 
IO”. 
8 'a A M a iz e A 
.4o 
8 
75 
IO1? 
8 ' i A M a iz e B 
.4o 
8 
I 
52’ « 
48’ AmAAf 
2 8oe 
5 
13 
5^ 4 
4> ? A M o t Inn s 
4 
4o 
37*s 
32’ . A m P et) 2.2o 8 
* 47 
IP -4 
7 * b A P re c s 
.28 7 
6 
4' ? A S a fE q 
4 
14*4 
9 '.. 
A m S c iE o4e 23 
S U 
3-»4 A m Tee 
25e 6 
12*8 l l 
A m U tlS 63e 
3 '4 
2' 1 A n d re R 
o7e 
IO 
3*8 
2 
A n g lo C 
.13e 
8 
8*8 
6 ' ? A nke n 
28 
5 
7 * . 
5 
A n th o n y 
32t 
3 
6 U 
5 'e A pp td O la 
7 
6V4 
3 
A p ld D e v 
17 
17U 
14's A q u ifC a 
3o 
9 
5*4 
4 
A riz C L lOe 
18 
7 
5*4 A rzC ol p f 48 
7V? 
3U A rm in C p .12 
12 
6 '? 
414 A r r o w s 
13 
8*4 
5*e A ru n d e l 
8 
13+4 
9*8 
A s a m e ra .3o 12 
11*4 
9 ' ? A shlO C 
.2o 8 
1*4 
*4 
A skin S vc 
5+a 
3 U A s tre x 
.15e 6 
6 
4*h 
A ta la n ta 
2oe 3 
8*4*13 16 A lc o In d 
' 1 5 16 A tic o M tg w t 
4* . 
3 ** A tla s C M lie l l 
228 
9 
A tla sC p w t 
1o8 l l ' 
12*4 A u g e t 
3o 
13 
14*4 A u s tra lO 
27 
5 U A u to T rn 
7ot 
4 'b A u tm B ld 
6 
3 U A u tm R a d 
3 
39*. A uto S w I 2o 12 

5’ -? 
11 Vs 
49 V4 
4Vj 
2* . 
714 
2o*4 
6 *s 
7 
I 

5 se­ l l >4— 
49** + 
4*4 + 
3 
. . . 
7 * 4- 
22 
+ 
7 V .+ 
7 
- 
1'4b. 
5 I 16 I 16 I 16 

39 
Bl 
174 
1o4 
7 
I 
174 
42 
58 
49 
644 
54 
27o 
26 
355 
23 
82 
766 
97 
7 
16 
116 
31 

7*4 
3 * . 
JVS 
8 * 4 
8 * 4 
5o’ a 
4 * . 
3 6 'J 
IO7* 
5 
13*4 
5'4 
11*4 
2* . 
3’ ? 
7’A 
S U 
S U 
5*8 
14s. 
5’ ? 
6* * 
4*4 
6 ' e 
8 '? 
12'? 
IO** 
I 
4 '4 
6 

7 
3 ** 
2* . 
8'/4 
8 * 4 
48' 1 
44* 

7*4 + 
3*8 + 
3 
— 
8 4 * ... 
8*4 
4 8 'j— 
4% — 
33*6 
33' 
IO' ? 
1 o **+ 
4*8 
12*4 
4*4 
11V? 
2*8 
3*4 
6V? 
5 '? 
5'/? 
3*8 
14'A 
4 V? 
6 
37/e 
S7/. 
8 l l 7/* 
1o’ s 
78 
378 
478 
7o13 16 

476— 
13+e— 
514+ 
IV A — 
27o— 
3 * 8 - 
6*/4. . 
5>A— 
5 * * _____ 
5+8 + iv . 
1 4 **+ 
»/« 
5 *8 + 
7/8 
6V4 + 
V* 
37/8— 
*4 
6 
........... a .. 
12Va— 
IO1 ?........... 
I 
+ 
1/4 
378— 
'A 
5 *e + IV . 
7/8 

*» 

6 5 16 5 16 5 16— I 16 
4 ** 
4*8 
4*8 l l 7. 
15’ ? 
24*8 
7 
5 ’ ? 
5*8 
5o’ 8 
4*» 
29’ 4 
8*4 

3 78 A V E M C 
2o 
217a A von d al I 2o 
6*» A y d in C p 
11 a 13 16 B R T 
V 16 I 32 B R T 
3oe 

62 
848 
84 
33 
41 
18 
32 
IO 
75 

14*4 
24*8 
6’ 4 
47/e 
3 U 
SOV. 
4V4 
2278 
BV? 
2815 16 

IO’ a 
13*4 
22*4 
5*» 
4+2 
3*4 
46 
4’8 
22*8 
7 V? 
7/8 

1o78 + 
*8 
14*4+ 
14 
237/e+ 
Ta 
6 
+ 
’A 
478+ 
1/4 
3 *4 + 
’8 
5 o * .+ 4 V. 
4 * . ........... 
2 2 *.— 
Vs 
8 * ? + 
U 
78 
65 I 32 I 32 I 32 

Y e a rly 
H ig h lo w 
2*» 
1*4 B T U 
E nq 
35 
14*» 
8’ 8 B a d g rM t 
5o 
9 
6*s 
4*8 B a k e rM 
15e 
5 

Sales 
(h d s.) H ig h la w 
2 
2V4 
42 
13 
IO 
4*4 

2Ve 
12*? 
4V? 
2 o *. 
IOT. B a ld o rE I 
24 
9 
576 
2o*8 
17*8 
7+s 
6*8 B a ld w S ,32a . 
18*4 
16*8 B a n F d 
T ile 
2 
15 16 B ang P un w t 
.. 
14*8 
9*? B a n is te r 
4o 
7 
4*4 B a n n e r 
.o8 
9x381 
I ' ? B a rc la y 
.o4 

6*4 

9*8 
2*? 
5*8 
3*4 
IO 
578 
12*4 
37/8 
2 ’ s 
3*8 
2*8 
6V4 
2*4 
7*4 
7*4 
378 
3’ / 
7*4 

2 U B a rc o d e .12 IO 
85 

 x49 
17V? 
17Ve 
1o3 
1*4 
IV? 
561 
12*8 
1o*8 
9*8 
2 lo t 
36 
S’8 
1*4 
3>/4 
3’8 B a rn e s E 
8 3*8 
3*8 
7*e B a rn w l 
2oe 35 
52 
97o 
9* b 
4V? B a rry R 
.16 6 
135 
5 ’/? 
5’A 
IO 
B a rry W r 
.44 8 
87 
12'? 12'/e 
3 
B a rth Sp 
.2o IO 
4o 
3 'A 
3VS 
1*8 B a r to n s 
. . 
18 
1*4 
1*8 
1*4 B a ru c h F 
. . 
173 
2*8 
2V4 
I '? B a rw ic k 
.. 
23 
1*8 
I'/? 
4 * b B el I Ind 
o8a 5 
193 
5*8 
5 
1*4 B e lsctR 
,o6t 5 l l 
1*4 
1*4 
7*8 B n f St A 
.24 6 
18 
7*4 
7*s 
7’ ? B n fS tB 
.24 6 
IO 
7*4 
7V? 
13 
125 
2*8 
K '/a'A 
2*8 Ben r us 
2*8 B erg 
E nt 
5 
B erge n B 
1 6 *. 
13’ ? B rg B p f 1.15 
3V4 
2*e B ernzO 
5 
B erte a 
M b 
2V» B e r yen C .o6 
3 
B eth Cp lOe 
2*8 B e v e rly E 
11*4 Bio Pen 
48 
4 
B ig Dad 
7 
B ig V S p 
3ob 

15o 
43 
5 

6’ ? 
37e 
4 U 
VA 
15 
5+4 
9 ’ 

3’8 
83 
5*e 
5 
8 
14’ 4 
14 
18 
2*4 
V A 
5*4 

1678 
15'/4 B in k M f la 

96 
3 'a 
123 
47/s 
261 
8o 
13*8 13V? l l 
4</4 
4 
4o 
9'/4 
8*4 
18 
15*8 15'/4 
22 
1o*8 
11'/4 
5*8 
8 
24’ 4 
11*8 
9*8 
5 
9*8 
12' 

M U B m n yS m 
8o 
9 
414 
21*8 
I 8 V4 
117 
9*8 
26 
87/e 

91 
17 
33 
9'/? 

9*8 
8'? 
446 
6*4 
157/8 
8*4 
V /i 
41/4 
V A 
1o*4 

11*4 
V t 
2*4 

16 
16'4 
5'4 
5+a 

 l l 
14*4 
38 
4+4 
7+4 
IO 

21 
4+4 
5 
7*8 
258 l l 
44 
28V4 
26’ e 
21 
4*4 
4V? 
22 
11V4 
1o*4 
14 
3VS 
3*8 
4 
2+4 
2*4 
23 
IO7. 
IO’ ? 
12 
17/s 
“ 
14 
16 

5 7/8 B lessng 
.3o 
7*6 B lo u n t 
.3o 
4*6 B o d in A p 
4o 2o x l 6 
5 
6*4 B o lt B er 
.2o 
27 
22 
7V8 
15 
B o w V a ll 
.44 39 
8*8 B ow ne 
.3o 
5 
V t B radfdlM 
2o 
IO 173 
V A 
A 
B ra n c h 
2o 
5 
7 
B ra n ifA r w t 
1o*6 B ra s c a n A 
I 
3 
28* 4 
21’6 B ra u n E n 
I 
6 
V A 
4’ ? BreezeCp 
23 
9 *8 B re w e rC 
.. 
27s B ro D a rt 
.2o 
6 
2Vi B ro dyS e 
15 
12’ ? 
IO 
B ro o ksP 
4o 
5 
27+ 
1*4 B ro w n Co w t 
13*8 B m F A 
.6o 
IO 
13’/? D rn F B 
6o 
IO 2o1 
16 
4 U B rw n F p f 4o . 
25 
5’/e 
4 
B u e h le r 
5 
14’8 
11*8 B ue ll Ind 
4ob 4 
4 
3*8 B u ild e x 
5 
3*4 
2*8 B u rg e s s 
8 
15>6 
13U B u rin g 
I.IO 
6 
8*8 B u rn s ln 
.6o l l 1o8 
8*8 8*8 
97/s B u tle r In 
5o 
5 243 
13*8 12V? 
21*8 CK Pet 
2oe 
27 174 
3514 
33’ ? 
1*4 C O IC p 
22 
5 ’ ? C H B F d 
3 
6 
C H C C p 
24r 12 
1o3 
IO 
3 16 3-32 C IM tg w t 
3*8 
2 U CAA I Cp 
178 C M T In d 
6*8 CRSDes 
2o 
IO1 2 C S E C p 
.64 
1o78 C W T ra n 
.5o 
5 U Ca bl com 
3*8 C a gleA 
.15 

16 
5 
38 
37 

4*8 
12 
3*4 
3 ’/4 

178 
15*4 
15*8 
5 
4 >8 
11*8 
3*8 
3 
3o 
13*6 
13V4 

49 
378 
24 
6 

’8 

2’ ? 
8*8 
13’ 4 
14>/4 
IO’ 4 
4*8 
14*8 
11*4 C a ld o r 

17 
124 
3 
4 
2 V i 
4o 
7*8 
2o 
13 
1 l l 
8 
IOV4 
IO Vs 
2 
V A 
3*8 

3*8 
5*4 
1o 
18 
27-8 
2*8 
7'/4 
1278 
11 

.25 
8 
125 
1378 
1318 
5*8 
2' ? 
C a lc o m p 
48 
3 
2*8 
4 '4 
3 'a C a lL ife 
5 
28 
3*8 
3Va 
18 
15'a Cal P rtC 
I 8 
44 16' ? 
16 
8 Vi 
6 
C a m e o 
Bl 
6*6 
6 
315 16 3 
C a C h b A 
158315 16 
3*8 
S U 
4*8 C a m p ln 
. 
24 
4*8 
4*8 
6*8 
5 
C d n E x p o5e 
6 
14 
5*6 
5 
8 
5' ? C dnH om O 
16 
42 
5 U 
5*8 
8*6 
7*8 C d n H v d r 
25 
9 
IO 
8* . 
V A 
2o' t 
16'b C d ln P A ,75j 9 
223 2 o 's 
2o 
41 16 
3'6 C d n M a rc 
2o l l 
44311 1637 16 
14* b 
12'? C d n M e rr l l 
37 
14*? 1378 
16*8 
14 
C d nO cci 
.54 6 
13 15 
14 
43 
3 77. C d n S u p O 
9 
74 
42*6 41*6 
2 '6 
I 
C a p e h a rl 
29 
1*6 
1*8 
3 U 
2 'b C a p itIR s 
6 
28 
2 '6 
2V8 
3*4 
2 * i C a p itlF d 
2o 
5 
SI 
3 '6 
3’A 
5*4 
3*8 C aressa 
3o 
12 
88 
4 '6 
3*8 
78*4 
66 
C a rn a l 
1 
8o 12 
284 67*6 
66 
14*8 
13'a C a ro P ip l 
1b 8 
3 137'e 
13*8 
62’ ? 
57 
C a ro P L p f 
5 .. Z59o 62 
6o>4 
5*4 
4 
C a rro iD v 
33 
AV* 
A'/b 

N et lo st Chg. 
2’A . ......... 
13 
.......... 
4*8+ 
'8 
19784- 2 '8 
7 
+ 
'8 
17V?+ 
*8 
1 *6 + 
Vt 
12*8+ IV . 
8*4— 
'8 
2 
+ 
Va 
3 *4 + 
*8 
3*8— 
Va 
9 '8 — 
*8 
5'/?........... 
1 2*8 + 
Vs 
3'/?........... 
1*8— 
'A 
VAA- 
>8 
I ’/?— va 
5 
— 
*4 
1*4— 
'8 
7 * 8 ......... 
7*6........... 
V A — 
Va 
3 
........... 
518— 
'8 
141/4+ 
Vs 
2 V?— 
Vt 
5 *6 + 
'8 
2 7 /8 - 
'/8 
4 *8 + 
>6 
27/8........... 
13'/?— 
Va 
4>6+ 
'8 
9’6 + 
*8 
1 5 *8 - 
Va 
2o 
— 1*6 
9*8— 
'8 
8 *4 ........... 
47/e— 
'8 
6*6— 
16 
17 
+ 
*6 
9 18 + 
Vs 
7*8 ......... 
41/4— 
'8 
71/4— 
1/4 l l 
+ 
'8 
28 
+ r n 
4*6— 
'8 
1o*6 — 
*8 
3V .+ 
’ 8 
2>/4— 
Vs 
1o* 8 + 
*8 
17/8........... 
15*6— 
Va 
1578+ 
Vs 
5 
........... 
4 '8 — 
'8 
11* 8— 
*8 
3 *6 + 
Va 
V A — 
'8 
13"?........... 
8'? ........... 
12*6- 
78 
3 3 * 8 - 
V? 
3*6 + 
Va 
5*4— 
Va 
1o 
........... 
Ve........... 
3 
+ 
'8 
2 *8 ........... 
7 * 8 - 
Va 
13 
+ 
'8 
11 
+ 
Vs 
1o18........... 
3*8— 
'8 
13*6 ......... 
27/e— 
'8 
3 '6 — 
Va 
16' ?........... 
6 V i— 
*6 
3 * 8 - 
Va 
A'A— 
Vs 
5’8 — 
7/8 
5 *6 ........... 
8 
- 
*8 
2o’ s ......... 
3’/?— 3 16 
14 V? + 
' ? 
14 
— I '8 
41*6— I 
1 * 8 - 
Va 
2Va........... 
3 '6 ........... 
4 '6 + v? 
67*6 f- 
'/? 
1 3 * 8 - 
Va 
6 1 *6 + 
'6 
41/4........... 

Y e a rly 
S ale* 
H ig h lo w 
(hds.) H ig h lo w 

I 7+8 
16+4 C a s tle A M I 
7 
I 
16+? 
16+? 
18*8 
17'8 C a s F d L2oa 
28 
17+e 
17'? 
3 U 
1*4 C a s fle tn 
18 
573 
3 
2 U 
19*8 
9+4 C a v itrn 
12e 
14 
184 
15*o 
14+4 
2 '? 
I U 
C e llu C ft 
7 
18 
2 
1*4 
41 
38+b C e n M p f3 5o 
Z42o 
4o+? 
39*o 
SI 
47' ? C e n P L p f 
4 
Z75 
48 >4 
48+4 
6*4 
5 74 
CentSec 
SOe 
5o 
6 
6 
6 U 
2+4 C e n fry F 
32 
453 
o U 
3 U 
22*4 
12’ ? C e n v ill 
I 
18 
35 
18+4 
18 
23U 
22'? 
C e rM p f 2 25 
37 
2 2U 
22+? 
1+4 
VA 
C e rtifC p 
4 
IV? 
I U 
1V4 
Va C e rt ro n 
17 
63 ive 
I 
27b 
I U 
C etecC p 
12 
284 
J 7/ , 
2+o 
7'4 
5 * b C h a d M i 
6o 
8 
2o 
7+s 
7 
A 
2*4 
C h a m p H o 
1164 
3 
2 U 
67/8 
4+6 
C h a r tM d 
5 
32 
4 V, 
4 U 
7+4 
7 
C b rtM p f .75 
5o 
7 
7 
4*4 
3+8 C h em E x 
5 
37 
4 U 
4+4 
28'.i 
24+8 C h iR iv I 6oa 
IO l l 
25 
24+e 
1274 
IO U 
C h ie f Dev 
12 
39 
1o7o 
1o+4 
12*8 
9 
C h ild W ld 
7 
37 
1o+4 
9 U 
4 U 
3 
C h ris tn a 
1oe 
6 
279 
3'/? 
3 U 
474 
3*8 
C in e F iv e 
12 
12 
3+o 
3 U 
2*8 
I U 
C in e ra m 
17 
7 
2 
F/e 
12' e 
IO U 
C irc le K 
7o 
8 
95 l l 
IO U 
9*4 
7 Va C ita tio n 
4ob 
5 x4 
7 U 
7*4 
13 
8Vt C ity G s F l .68 
6 
14 n u n u 
6+s 
6 
C la rm n t 
22 
o14 
6'A 
2*4 
2+4 C la rk e 
.1oe 
6 
9 
2+e 
2 v? 
13*8 
9 '4 
C la rk s o n .2o 
7 
43 
12+e 
11V? 
■ 
6*8 
3' ? C la ro s ta t 
4 
31 
5 '4 
S U 
14*8 
H U C la u s in g 
I 
8 
4o 
137/e 
13+e 
8*8 
6 7 a Cl Opa v 
.16 
5 
9 
8 
7*4 
19*8 n u 
C oach rn 
25 
5 
738 
13+e n u 
J 
1 
Cohen H a t 
6 
5 
1+2 
I U jV4 
2+6 C o h u ln c 
12t 
13 
33 
2 U 
2'A le u 
15+4 C o le m n 
.68 
• 
156 
167/8 
1 5U 
5+8 
3’ -? C o lo nC m l 
87 
47/e 
4 U 
8+4 
6' ? C o lw e llC .4o 
5 
62 
7 
6*4 
37 
34 
C o m in c o 
2 l l 
4 
34*o 
34 VB 
2+4 
I U 
C o m G rp 
.14 
18 
2 
2 
13'? 
9 U 
C o m A II .3oa 
9 
13o 
13U 
12'4 
13' e 
1o+8 Com M f I 
6ob 28 
27 iou 
1o+8 
6U 
4 1 2 C o m d ln f 
5 no 
6+8 
6 l l 7'8 
9 U 
CoPs v c 
3o 
7 
117 
HVT 
IO V? 
19*4 
18*4 C om P S 
1.62 
7 
31 
19 
18*o 
15 
4*o 
C o m p a c 
8 
6o9 
14+8 
12*4 
17 
5 
Com po In 
32 
28x18o 
17 
14*4 
2 U 
I U 
C o m p u D 
7 
9 
2*8 
2'/e 
F e 
I 
C o m p ln s t 
14 
1+4 
I 
2+815 16 C o m p ln v 
2o 
1+8 
I VB 
IO U 
9+e C o n c h o l 
.5o 
5 
35 
9*4 
9 U 
6*8 
4* b C o n c rd E 
89 
5'4 
47/e 
12'? 
9+8 C ondec 
3 
63 
IO U 
9*4 
47o 
3+8 
C o n n lly C 
12 
9 
4 
37/e 
13'8 
1o+o Con ro c k 
6o 
7 
6 
127o 
12*4 
4 U 
4 
C o nroy 
.14 
6 
IO 
4V4 
4+o 
12*b 
9 U 
C o n s O G 
18 
44o 
IO U 
9*/4 
9 U 
778 C onsR ef 
.6o 
9 
8 
8+2 
8+4 
IV? 
7S C o n tM tl 
113 
178 
1*o 
1+8 
1*4 
VA 
C o ntT e l w t 
89 
I U 
11/4 
17+8 l l 
C o o k ln d 2oe 
116 
137/e 
13+e 
15*8 
127o C ookP V 
IO) 
15 
2o 
13'4 
13 
7'? 
5 
C oop J a r lOe 
5 
8 
6 
S U 
41/4 
27o 
C o rd o n 
16 
1o9 
3+4 
3 
19 
15*8 C o re L b 
,2oe 
9 
9 
16U 
16*8 
16*8 
11*4 C o re r co 
.8o 
9 
2o 
16*8 
15+8 
1274 l l ’ e C o rn e liu s .48 
9 
26 n u n u 
31U 
26*8 
C o rr B lk 1.4o l l 
192 
31 Vt 
3 o U 
1578 
157o C o rr B lk w i 
I 
157/e 
1574 
2*8 
2 
C o s c o ln c 
IO 
2 '4 
2 ’ A 
2*4 
2+e C o ttC p 
9 
2+e 
2+o 
5 16 
+8 
C o u s in s w t 
IO 5 16 5 16 
22*6 
16V? CoxCC 
19 
37 
217/e 
21+8 
5+8 
37o C ra m rE .13t 
47 
52 
4 U 
4+8 
19'? 
14+? C ro m p t 
75e 
5 
7 
15 
14*4 
4o 
35+j 
C ro sA T 
1.2o l l 
29 
38*o 
3 7 U 
7*4 
6+8 C ro w lM 
.5o 
5 
7 
7 
34+4 
25*4 C w n C P t 
6or 
5 
2o 
26U 
26' ? 
6 + 4 
4*4 
C r o w n e r 
5 
24 
S U 
5+8 
5*8 
4’ ? C ro w n In .2o 
9 
3 
5 U 
S U 
157b l l 
C r Ute R 
.36 36 
321 
12 l l 
15'? 
12+8 C ry s tlO 
4oe 
13 
189 
15'4 
14+? 
14*8 
IO U C u b ic C p 
4o 
7 
217 
14 
13 
14*4 
1278 C u rtic e B .8o 
5 
76 
M U 
1 3U 
5+o 
4+4 C u rtis M .15e 
4 
4 
41 7 
4*o 

N e t la s t C h g. 

I 

1 6 ? - 
1 7 '? .. 
3 
- 
1 4 *4 - 
2 
+ 
4o"? + 
48'4— 
6 
— 
6 
+ tv ? 
18'4- 
22'? 
IV? 
1 
278+ 
I . 
7 '. + 
'A 
2*6 — 
'6 
4 '8 — 
7 
— 
4 * 8 + 
Vt 
2 4 '8— 
Vt 
1o*8— 
V? 
1 o1 6+ 
Vs 
3 * 8 - 
3*8. . 
17/8. 
IO U — 
7*6. . 
11*8 + 
6 '8 — 
VB 
2 '4 — ll'/? — 
5 'A . . 
1378+ 
7*4— 
13V4+ 
'6 
1*8 
2* i 
1678 + 
Va 
4 *4 
6*4- 
3 4 * 8 - 
V i 
2 
......... 
F U — 
*8 
1o'/4— 
V? 
6 
— 
*8 
I I V I ............ 
18*6— 
Va 
14 
— 
*8 
16’8 + I '6 
2* 8 + la 
I ' 6 + 
'8 
I '8 ........... 
9*8— 
'8 
5 '6 + 
1 o '4 + 
1A 
A 
........... 
12*6— 
'8 
4'8 — 
'6 
1o78 + 
78 
8 '6 ........... l l s — 
Va 
1* 8 + 
'8 
13'8— 
*a 
13’/* — 
'a 
57/e— 
Va 
V a — 
Vs 
1678........... 
16* 8 + 
' ? 
11* 8— 
'8 
317/8+ 1*8 
1578 ........... 
2'8 . 
... 
2 '8 ........... 
5 16 + 1 16 
21*8— 
Va 
4 V i— 
*8 
14*6— 
Va 
37*6— 
'8 
7 
+ 
'8 
26’ I— 
* t 
57/8+ 
*8 
5 * 8 + 
'8 
1 1*4+ 
*8 
14 V i - 
13 V?. . 
I 4VB+ 
*6 
4 V a + 
Va 

'A 

Vt 

D-fc-F 

2 
13 16 D C L 
6'? 
3 7e D W G 
3' t 
2*e D a m o n C 
9> ? 
6*4 D a m so n 
28 
2 oU D a n ie l 
13’ a 
9 >8 D a ta p d 
11*8 
7 1 e D a y M in 
7*8 
7 ’A D e J u rA 
I ’ ? 
I 
DeR ose 

 l l 
34 
1*8 
11/4 
I U 
491 
4 
164 
4*4 
4 U 
4+8 - 
1o 
4 
15 
2*4 
2*o 
2 U + 
+8 
22 
129 
7+e 
6*4 
7+8 + 
Vs 
I Rh 
9 
74 
23'4 
22' e 
2 3 '4 + 
'4 lOe 
7 
439 
9*4 
9*8 
9*4— 
Vb 
TOP 77 
423 
9+4 
S U 
87o— 
U lOe 
15o 
9 
7 V, 
7 U 
7' ? + 
+8 
21 
IU 
I 
I 
— 
16 

 i'o m p le te n a tio n w id e e o m p o slle 

N e w 
Y o r k s t o c k s 
K xclufiive in Kan A n ton io 

Y early 
H igh la w 

• S - T - U 

Soles 

6*4 
5o’ a 
1378 
44’ ? 
14'8 
45' ? 
13' j 

478 S a tg d ln 
o9e 
7 
44*4 S afe w a y 2.2o l l 
9' ? SagaC p 
36 
6 
3 6'8 St J o M in I 3o 14 
12' ? S tJ o L tP 1.12 
41 
S tL S e F 
2.5o 

ISS 
392 
897 
579 
9 x41 
9 
77 
117/a St P a u ls ie x 15o 
387s 
32** S tR egP 1.64 IO 
488 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. . . l n 

727 
684 
IO 
1o5 

7+4 
1778 
)5 '6 
9*8 
12+4 
4o' ? 
11*4 
53'4 
16*8 
4*8 
37e 
7 '? l l ’ a 
15*8 
13U 
24 U 
5 Va 
S U 
44*4 
18’ ? 
6 5 '? 
14*4 
67-b 
28 
2 5 + 4 
2o*4 
9*4 
23V? 
56 
8 
9 Vt 
3 3 '8 
3 9'8 
37/8 
24 
9*b 
17' 4 
13*4 
69’ 4 
12'? 
3 8'? 
I9 '6 
V a 
19'4 
11V? 
19 
9*6 
8o 
36’ ? 
15*8 
2 3U 
2o'? 
54 
41'/? 
71 
'14*4 
3o’ 4 
28*4 
69 
4o 
7*8 
19*8 
16*8 
23+o 
45 
23*8 
14*6 
19+4 
17*8 
4o 
79*b 
2o7 8 
197/b 
17*4 
6*4 
1o*8 
46'/4 
19*8 
32 
I9*'4 
16 
28 V4 
12*4 
9 U 
24 V? 
1 7 'i 
2o*8 
58'? 
1*8 
4o*4 
37 
62*4 
678 
38*8 
27*8 
47 
. 25V8 
IO >6 
22*4 
15'/? 
141 a 
13*8 
18'/? 
39'4 
4 3'a 
14*8 
29*8 
3o'? 
22'? 
24*6 
31' a 
42+4 
43*4 
59*8 
89 
62 
8*8 
7*8 
17'? 
35' ? 
24*8 
13 
49 U 
9*8 
17 
6*8 
117/8 
1978 
37*8 
23*8 
K ' 8 *8*/? 

6 Vi Satan* 
.32 
14' ? Sam bos 
.48 
8 
13*4 S D ie G E I 2o 
8 
V a S Jua n R -99t 
7 
9Vb S a n d e rs 
35' ? S F e ln d 
2 
7 
9*8 S F e ln d p f 5o 
. 
42' • S a n F e ln t 
3o 1o 
13’ a S a ra *W ei .6o 
8 
3*e S a u lR E 
3 
S avA S tp 
6 
Sa v On D r 
9*8 S a v E IP 
14Vs S a v n E A 1.34 
13 
S avE I p f 1.28 .. 
18’ + S a v B M 
.3o IO 
3*4 S a x o n 
8 
5*e S chaefer 
25 

27 
.2o 
7 
8o 
6 

1472 
27 
932 
16 
171 
84 
91 
95 
18 
35 
426 
513 
113 
31*4 S c h rP lo 1.12 l l 531o 
127e S c h litz B r 
68 
9 2177 
56 
S c h lu m b 
8o 17 3445 
13 
S C O A In 
8o 
5 
161 
5*4 Scot L ad 
36 37 
64 
24*8 S cotF e t I 2o 
8 
88 
2116 S cott F o r 
84 
8 
1o8 
16’ a S c o tfP a p 
76 
9 1o34 
8 
S c o ttys 
2o l l 
239 
2o 
S c o v ill 
1 2o 
7 
41o 
49*4 S covil p f 2 5o 
7 
6*4 Sc u d d e r 
13 
172 
8 7a S cudd p f 83e 
218 
2 4 'a S e a C o n t.2 5 8x494 
33 
S eabC L 
2 
6 
945 
2*4 S eabW A 22t 
5 
415 
2o' 1 S ea g ram 
8o 
8 
225 
7 'a S eagrv 
.16e 
6 
69 
14*8 S ea lP w 
8o 
7 
131 
11 
S earleG 
52 l l 1544 
54 
S ears 
I 8oa 13 4452 
7+4 S e a tra in 
16 119o 
2778 Sedco I ne 3o 
8 574 
15*8 S elgL tz 
I 2ob 
6 x 66 
478 S v c C p ln t 
2o 
15' 8 S e rv m t 
.9o 
8 ' ? S ha ksp re 
4o 
16*8 S hapell 
IO 
6*8 Shear H ,22e 
67*8 S he llO il 3.2o 
31 
She! IT 
,93e l l ' ? S h e llrG I 
6oa 
19 
Shl I GI pf 1.35 . 
1714 Shi IGI p f 1,4o 
43 
SHI IGI p f 
3 
33*8 S herw W 2 2o 24 
6o 
S hrW pf 4 4o 
12 
Si e r r Pac 
I 
24 
S ig na l 
1.1o 
23*4 S ignal p f 
I 
53*4 S ig na l p f2 2o 
367a S ignode I 2o IO 
5+8 S im P re c 
18 
8 
16*8 S im m 
I 12 
15 l l 
S im p P a t 
5o 12 1359 
19'? S in ge r lOe 
6 1o15 
43'4 S m g r pf 3 5o 
9o 
17*4 S kaggs 
5o 
8 
126 
IO’ ? S k iT fc p 
IO 
49 
IB ' j S k y lin e 
.32 15 1198 
14' ? S m ith AO 
8o 
4x141 
31*e S m ith ln t 
52 IO 
661 
7o' ? S m itk ln 2.2o IS 198o 
17 
S m ith T r 
6o 
5 
6o 
17 
S m u c k e r 
9o 
7 
33 
11*4 Sola Bas 
6o l l 1894 
2+e Sonesta 
12 332 
8' e SonyCp 
o7e 18' 6961 
37 
S ooLin 
3e 
6 
49 
181 a S C a rE G I 56 
9 
582 
28’ ? SC E G p f 2 5o 
4 
17’ ? S o J e rln 1.56 
8 
41 
13 
S outdw n 
6o 
78o 
26 
Sdwn p f I 8o 
25 
97/s Soest Bk 
4ob 
9 
268 
7 
Soest PS I 37t 
8 
26 
21 >e S oC alE 
2 
6 1626 

3 
133 
Z48o 
7 
215 
8 481o l l 
53 
253 
134 
536 

18*8 S o ln G E 
K * 8? ’ ? SoN R es 
7 
I 85 

I H ig h l a w la s t C hg. 

5 U 
47/e 
5'/4 + 
'4 
46 
45+e 
4 S U + 
U 
1o*4 
9+2 
1 o+ 8- 
Va 
44 V, 
AVA 
42 
— 2+8 
13 
12+2 
12*8+ 
Va 
44 Se 
43 
44+o— 
I U 
127U 
1214 
12'/?— 
VB 
36 
34+2 
35*o + lls 
7 
o*4 
67o— 
+8 
15*8 
15 
1 5'4— 
VB 
14+e 
13*4 
137/e— 
’4 
8>/4 
8 U 
8+8 + 
Vt 
IO U 
1o*8 
IO U — 
Va 
39+8 
38 Ie 
39+b— 
Vs 
IT B 
1o+2 
IO 7o— 
U 
491/2 
46+2 
4 9 U + u 
15 
14*4 
14*4— 
'A 
4 
37/e 
37/e. . 
3 Vs 
3 
3 
. 
o '4 
6 
6 U . 
IO U 
9*4 
97e— 
' Vt 
147/e 
14+2 
M U — 
'o 
13'/4 
13 
13+4— 
'o 
22V? 
2o+2 
22'? + 
I U 
4 Mi 
3*4 
4+8 + 
Vt 
7+o 
7*8 
7*/8— 
’4 
33*4 
31 Va 
33+e + 
'4 
14 
127/8 
137/8+ 
+4 
61*4 
6o 
61*»— 
Va 
1 4U 
13+8 
14'? + 
1,2 
6 
5*4 
57/e. . 
26V? 
25+4 
2 5 *4 - 
U 
2 2U 
22 
22+4— t/4 
17 
1 6 ' b 
16*o. 
9 U 
9 '4 
9 '? + 
Va 
21'/? 
21 
2 1 U — 
Vs 
5 o U 
5 o'/, 
5o+?— 
I 
7 
o*4 
7 
9 
B U 
9 
+ 
VB 
32*4 
31+2 
31*4 + 
U 
38 
36'8 
38 
+ 
I 
3 U 
27o 
3 U + u 
21 Vs 
2o+a 
2o*4— u 
9*8 
8*o 
9 '4 + 
+8 
15+? 
14*8 
15'? + 
+o 
12 
11+8 
117/8 + 
1/4 
5 7U 
54 
5 7 U + 
2 Vs 
12'? n u 
12*4 + 
V? 
36*4 
35*8 
36*e- 
Vt 
16+4 
15*6 
15*4— 
'A 
676 
6*4 
6* 4— 
'A 
16*4 
16+e 
16*8— 
+8 
9+8 
8 7/'e 
87o-- u 
187/6 
17*8 
187e + 
I 
7 
6*8 
6 7 o - 
'o 
72'/4 
69'4 
72 
+ 
2 U 
3 6'? 
3 5U 
36+? + 
1+? 
12U 
11+2 
1 F 4 + 
VB 
1 9U 
19 
1 9 U + 
'o 
17*4 
17+2 
17U + 
+4 
44 
43 
44 
+ t/4 
34'/4 
3 3U 
34+4+ 
+4 
62 
62 
62 
12'? 
12 
12*8 
3o'4 
28+s 
29*4 + 
Vt 
28*4 
27 
28+? + 
I'? 
69 
6 6U 
67 
- 
V? 
37*4 
3 6U 
37 
— 
I 
6 U 
6 
6+4— 
'o 
17'? 
16+2 
17U + v? n u l l 
11*4 + 
Va 
21*8 
2o*8 
21+?+ 
'A 
44 
4 3U 
43*4. 
18'? 
18 
18 
— 
U 
137o 
13+8 
1 3U + 
U 
14 
131/4 
13 1 o - 
1 ? 
15 
14+2 
M U + u 
35*8 
33 
34+?— 
11o 
74'4 
7o+2 
72U — Fo 
17'? 
17 
17 
— 
Vt 
19+8 
191o 
19+4— 
VB 
17*4 
16 
17+4 + 
I U 
5 U 
5 
5’ e 
9*4 
9+8 
9 U + 
*8 
44 U 
44 
4 4'4— u 
19 
18'? 
187o 
2 9U 
29'B 
2 9 + ? - 
"'A 
177/o 
17+? 
177o. 
15 
14'4 
15 
+ 
U 
27 Vt 
27 
27*4 + 
+? 
IO U 
1o+8 
IO U — 
'o 
8 +? 
B U 
8 ' ?. . 
24' ? 
2 3 + b 
24+?+ 
Vt 
16*4 
15*4 
1 5 7 o - 
Vt 
19U 
18*8 
18*o— 
Vt 
63 
7 
542 
53 Vi 
51'/4 
51'/4— 

36'a S oN E T e l 
3 
32*8 Sou P ac 
2 24 
55 
S ouR y 
232 
6 '4 S ouR y p f 
5o 
3o' ? So Un Co 192 13 
21’ 4 S ou tln d 
6o IO 
36 
S ouR oyl 
.68 17 
2o' ? S w tB ksh 
I 
8 
8 
Swsf F o r 
.2o 
8 
2o+8 S w tF I pf I 5o 
13'4 S w P bS v I IO 
9 
11*8 S p rtn F d 
28 
5 
9+e S pa rto n 
.4o 
7 
15*8 S p e rry H 
I 
7 
36 
S p rry H p f 
3 
33'? S p e rry R 
92 
127a SpringAA .9o 
24 
S q u a rD I 2o 14 
422 
25 
S qu ib b 
96 l l 1o27 
18' ? S ta le y 
I 
7 
178 
23 
St P oor I 92a 
127 
25 
St B ra n d I 28 l l 115o 
3o*8 SIB P a in t 
48 15 
377 
38*8 SI dO i I Cl 2 2o 
7 3338 
49*4 S tO illn d 2 6o 
8 3o83 
IV ? St CH Oh I 36 26 1972 
58*4 SO Oh pf3 75 . 
2 IO 
J 
S fd P re ss 
4o 14 
118 
6*8 S td P ru d 
.66 l l 

9 
67 
8 1192 
9 
731 
117 
276 
647 
177 
164 
22o 
27 
9 
778 
5 
67 
7 
43 
7 
144 
8 
8 31o6 
8 
58 

15+4 S fa n de x 
85 
28*4 S tanW 
112 
22*8 S te rre tt 1.12 
11*8 S la M S e 
1o5 
4o+4 S ta u tC h 1.8o 
7+s S te rc h i 
56 
13*4 Ste r D ru g 
4' ? S te ri P re 

228 
6 
32 
9 
373 
7 
22 x1o6 
8 
513 
7 
19 
7o IO 2218 
12 
6 
196 
9 * i S te rn d n t 
4o 
I6 V4 StewenJ 1.2o 
5 
3 3 'i S le w W a I 96 
8 
2o' 8 S tokY C 
I 2o 15 ll* / . StOkVC pf I 

149 
512 
1o9 
9o 
Z1o7o 

38 
37 
3 7U + 
Va 
3 6'4 
34 u 
357o + 
U 
58 
56+? 
577/e— 
*6 
6 U 
6 U 
6 U 
34' 1 
33+? 
34+e— 
+8 
22'A 
21+4 
22+o + 
Va 
3 9U 
38'4 
39+4— 
+2 
23 U 
2 3 U 
2 3 U - 
U 
9+4 
8*4 
9 
— u 
21'4 
2o7o 
21U — u 
13U 
13*8 
13U + 
Va 
12*8 
117o 
12U + 
'A n u 
IO U 
11U + 
Va 
18'4 
17*4 
18 
+ 
'A 
38+4 
37 U 
38'4 + 
'A 
3 4U 
33+? 
3 4 + 4 - u 
14 
13U 
13*4— 
U 
27 Vt 
27+e 
27+?— 
Va 
2 6'? 
25 
2 5U — 
1+8 
19+4 
187o 
187/e— 
Vt 
24*8 
237 e 
24 
26' 4 
25 
25 U — 
Vt 
33*4 
3o+e 
3 I U — 
2*4 
4o' ? 
391o 
4o+? + 
Va 
5 3U 
53 
53+o + 
' 2 
88' ? 
86+? 
87 U + u 
61+? 
61+2 
61+ 2... 
8 
7 Va 
77o - 
Va 
6 U 
6+2 
6+8 
1o 
16’ a 
157o 
16'4 + 
'A 
34 
327o 
3 3U + 
Va 
23 VB 
22*4 
23 
12 n u 
117o + 
U 
4 2 U 
4o+4 
42*8 + 
Va 
9+2 
9+4 
9 U . . 
14+? 
13U 
14 
47o 
4+2 
4+2— 
*8 n u 
1o+? 
IQI j — 
I 
17+4 
16+4 
W A — u 
34 
33+4 
33 U - u 
22 
21V? 
22 
— t/4 
12 Vi 
IK/S 
117/e u 
61 
5 3U S toneW 
2 5o 
7 
194 
15U 
12+? SfonCon 
.6o 
7 
3o 
WU 
15+4 Stop Shop 
I 
5 
54 
12+2 
IO 
S torT ec 
.67f 
6 
222 
28'4 
2 2U S to re rB 
I 
8 
726 
IS VB 
12+8 S trid R ite .92 
7 
34 
48*8 
38U S tuW or 
I 68 
5 
978 
54 
43' ? StuW p f 
I 4o 
5 
1o8 
88 
S tuW pf 
5 
5 
5 '4 
3 U SuavSho 
2o 
4 
175 
2 4U 
19+? S u b P rG 
12o 
7x2o2 
IO U 
S U Su C r est 
.5o 
4 
167 
25 
19 
S unC hm 
.4o 
6 
1o9 
49 
4o+4 SunCo 
2 
6 
461 
51 
417o SunCo p f 2 25 
326 
25 
19’/? Sun b m 
LOB 
8 
372 
411/. 
T il'. < n r * l r II 9h 
8 
OSO 

6o*8 
13*8 
15*8 
IO '? 
23+4 
!4 * b 
4 6*4 
51 
1o3 
3+8 
217/e 
9+8 
22'/4 
44*8 
46 
2o*8 ip - 

58 'A 
13 lS>/4 
IO 
22*4 
14 Vs 
44'/? 
48+4 
1o3 
3*8 
19'/? 
9 'i 
2oV4 
43*8 
44*8 
19'/? 
*A7/n 

1*8 

7/8 

59'/4— 
13*48— 
15*8— 
1o*8 + 
23 
— 
14'/?— 
46 
+ 
51 
+ I 
1o3 
+ I 
3+4— 
'8 
2 1*4 + 1+? 
9*8 + 
' 8 
22V4+ 
*8 
4 3 * » - 
+8 
45 Vt— 
Vt 
19V?— 
* i 
*7 'v 
'n 

1o+4 
32 
2o 
5o 
16 

Y e a rly 
H ig h lo w 

57 
16'8 
2**4 
258 
8’ ? 
22*8 
7*8 
19+8 
19+s 
41+4 
14'4 
6 V4 
IOU, 
39 
8V 
79+? 
337s 
6*8 
IO'? 
1 3 'e 
2o' 4 
42+8 
16 
12'? 
43+4 
9 
13 
68+? 
3o+? 
6+8 
7o 
1o3 
9*8 
3*8 
37+i 
138 
17+? 
31 
3o 
39+4 
42 
28*4 
317a 
49 
49 
16’ 8 
1o2+4 
11*8 
33 
4o 
22 
31+8 
55’ 4 
5*8 
29 
34*8 
26 
23+e 
4o* b 
12*4 
18'? 
9+8 
22*8 
23*e 
13'? 
38+4 
23 
54+8 
18+4 
9 
17*8 
26 
26+i 
12' 4 
7*8 
13+8 
37*4 
39+8 
1 2 '; l9'/4 
15+4 
111 
24+4 
19+8 
11 + o 
1o7 
99+? 
28+? 
12*8 
23*8 
37 
43 
22*8 
33+? 
1*4 
IO' I 
19+8 
26+s 
31+8 
15*8 
12+4 
17*8 
24+? 
2 4 * i 
27'? 
26+? 
2o' 8 
31+? 
IS' ? 
2*« 
17*4 
39 
67+? 
45' ? 
22*4 
13*8 
33 
557 8 
1378 
66*8 
62*8 
9 
7*4 
16' 1 
53 
31 
93 
5+e 
5 9 'i 
76* b 
58'? 
2o*8 
1o*8 
89' i 
IO’ a 
1478 
11+8 
3o'? 
15+? 
14*8 
27*8 
25+4 
28 
18+? 
6 
13+8 
13 + 8 
4o*4 
4*8 
13*8 
18' a 
547a 
35*8 
26*8 
287s 
8*8 
8*4 
12*8 
4 
77 

Sales 
(b d s.) H ig h la w 

48 
S unds pf3.5o 
22 
55+? 
54 l l 
SunsAAg 
14r 88 
419 
15+8 
21+b S u p e rn a l .66 IO 
316 
24 
18o 
S u p rO il 
I 8o 14 
15o 191 
6*4 S up m kG ,3o 
5 
16+8 S up rscp 
25e 
5 
6 '8 SutroAAi .1oe 75 
15*e S w a nk la 
7 
16*8 S ybron 
84 
9 
37 
S ybrn pf2.4o 
8'a S ycor 
7 
5v? S ystron 
8 
T R E C p 
12 
34+j T R W In 
I 6o 
9 
81 
T R W pf4.4o 
.. 
73+e T R W pf4.5o 
. 
26* i T a ft B rd 
I 
8 
4+? T a lc o ft 
19 
8+8 T a lle y 
6o 
5 l l ' ? T a lle y pf 
I .. 
17*b T a m p E l 1.12 1ox652 
27 *4 T a n d y 
7 5o17 
11+4 T a n d y c ft 
6 
255 

121 
14o 
7o 
212 
359 
22 
279 
76 
277 
1551 
37 
21 
256 
48 
181 
61 

9=8 T a pp a n 
.24 
32' ? T e c h n ic r .4o 
8 
5+4 T e c h n ic s 
18 
9 
T e c h n ic n 
9 
56+? T e k tro n x 
6o 15 
29*4 T e k tro n x w i .. 
4*4 T e le c o r 
3o 
53*8 Teledn 1.451 
92 
T e le d y n pf 6 
6 * i T e lp rm t 
2+4 T e le x 
31+? Tennco 
188 
118 
T e nn c pf5.5o 
11+4 Te soro 
I 
23*8 T esor pf 2 16 
25*4 T e xaco 
2 
33+? T e x Com 1.1o IO 
36*4 Tex E st 
I 85 
9 
2 6 *i T x E T p f2 .4o 
3o 
T x E T pf2.87 . 
41*/4 T e x G s f 
2 
8 
42 
T x G s pf LSO .. 
14+? T e x ln d lb 16 
75*8 Tex In s t 1.32 18 2o36 
8*8 Tex In t 
15 1176 
25+? TexO G s 
.2o 
IO 
86o 
28'4 T x P c L d ,35e 19 
89 
187b T e x U til 1 4o 
8 23oo 
27 * i T e x s g lf 
I 2o 13 
66o 
49+? T e x g if p f 
3 
3+4 T e x filn d 
25 
T e x tro n 14o 
8 
31 
T e x tr pf 2 o8 
22+s T e x tr p tl.4 o . 
19+s T h io k o i 
84 
6 
33 
T h om Bet 
I 
15 
IO 
T h o m In 
44 
15+8 T hom J W 
8o 
8*8 T h r ifty 
.48 
17+e Ti c o r 
LIO 
16*4 Tidw tA A r ,6o 
7 
T ig e rln t 
.5o 
7 
T im e ln c 1.3o IO 
T im e M ir 
8o IO 
T im k n 
2 2o IO 

7 
17+8 
6*4 
17*8 
19'/4 
38+4 
9+4 
6+8 
8 + ? 
37'/? 
85 
79+? 
28'A 
5 
8*8 
12+8 
18+8 
31+? 
12*8 
IO '? 
39 
8+8 
1o*8 
59 
3o 
5*8 
69+e 

2o1 
782 
383 
71o 
349 
2 
4 
387 
6 2614 
16 1o3 
2421o33 
7+4 l l 
251 
8 1884 
4 
9 2321 
5o9 
8 75o5 
155 
8oo 
97 
24 
187 
I 
66 

178 
161 
766 
26 
19 
191 
2o6 
36 

25 

4 1535 
24 
7 2463 

T is h m a n 
5'/? T o b in P 
I5e 
8+8 Todd Ship 
24+8 Tot E d is 2.12 
24+? T o iE d p f2 21 
9+e T o nka Cp 
48 
6*8 T o otR o l 
4ob 
1o+4 T ra c o r 
.2o 
31+a T ra n e 
Lo8 
34*8 T ra n U n 1.76 
9+8 T W A 
17 
T W A p f 
13'/4 T ra n s a m 
66 
1oo 
T ra n s pf4.5o 
22+b T ra n I ne 
1.97 
17 
T ra n s c o 
I 
8+? T ra n s c n 
.52 
1o1 
T rG P p f IO 32 
91'4 T rG P pf8 64 
26+4 T rG P pf2.5o 
9Va T ra n O h F .28 
21 
T ra n w y 1.4o 
3o 
T ra v lr s 
1 28 1ox2o82 34V 
37 
T r a v e tr p f2 . x31 
4o+ i 
2o'8 T riR o n 
2 l l 
31+? T riC n pf2 SO 
I +/4 T riS o M 
9 
T r ia n ln d 
14'? T ria P a c 52e 
17+e T r in ty ln 
.8o 
26+4 T ro p ic a n 
5o 16 
14 
T u csnG 1.o8 
“ 
9+s T w en Cen .5o 

2*8 
33’ s 
121 
127s 
25*8 
26+e 
34*8 
4o' a 
27+8 
31*8 
45*8 
44*8 
16 
8o+8 
1o 
27+e 
39*8 
19*8 
28+? 
5o*4 
4+8 
26+4 
31*8 
24*4 
21*8 
35'? 
11+4 
16+8 
8+e 
2o+4 
21+4 
11 
34+8 
22'4 
54*8 
1 8'e 
8 *4 
17*8 
25+? 
25*8 
1o+4 
6 * i 
11+8 
35*8 
36*8 
9*4 
18+8 
14 
1 lo rn 1o1 va x h 5 
227/8 
22'a 
9x1714 19*8 
6 
2oo 
9V4 z37o 1o4 
Z26oo 
99 
165 
27 V? 
4 
2oo 
12*8 
7 
293 
23+i 

7 x34 
IO 
128 
343 
347 
6o3 
275 
546 
396 
451 
233 
265 
215 
6 
71 
IO 
98 
2o9 
497 

14*4 
23 V? 
18o 
6*4 
17 VB 
6*8 
16+4 
17+4 
37 Va 
8 Vi 
57/e 
8 
36+8 
83 Vi ‘ 
78+4 
26+4 
4 V? 
8 Vs 
11+2 
17*8 
27*4 
12+4 
9+4 
35+8 
8 '8 
9 
57*8 
3o 
4+4 
63*8 
99 
6+4 
2*8 
32*8 
119’ ? 
11+8 
23+i 
26 
33+? 
36*4 
27 VA 
31+4 
44+4 
44*8 
15*8 
75*8 
8*8 
25'? 
36*4 
18+e 
27+4 
49+? 
37/a 
26 
31 
23+8 
2o+4 
34 
1o*8 
15*8 
8*8 
19+? 
2o 
IO’/? 
33 
21+4 
53+8 
18 
7+e 
14+'? 
25+e 
25+8 
9+e 
6*8 
I IV? 
34*8 
34*8 
9+8 
18+8 
13*8 

N e t la s t C hg 

55+?+ 2 
15 
+ 
+8 
237/e+ 
18 
182 
- I O 
7 
+ 
Vs 
17+8........... 
6*4 
167/8— 
'? 
18+8+ 
*8 
38 
9V4+ 
+4 
5 +8— 
Vs 

Y e a rly 
H ig h lo w 

443 
6 
47 
17o 
67 
196 
214 
8 1422 
8 1777 lS+e T w in D s 
.8o 
7 
68 
17 
T yco L a b 
4o 
IO 359 
2o*8 T y le rC p 6o 7x267 
19'? U A L In c 
6o 
12 2135 
2o+4 U A L p f 
4o 
17+8 U G IC p 
14o 
28+s U G I pf 
2.75 
13*8 U M C m d 
I ive U M E T T r 
13+e U O P 
.6o 
31Vi U V In d 
2 
62+i U V In p f 5 5o 
U V In pf I 26 
U A R C O 13o 
U n a rc o 
6o 
U n iL t 
76e 
47+4 U n iN V 3.33e 
11+i U n B a n cp 
84 
57*8 U C a m p I 8o 
54 
U n C a rb 2 8o 
7+4 U n C m rc e 
5*8 U m onC p 
L 
15 
U n E le c 
L36 
1 
5o 
U n E l p f 4 5o 
29+e U n E l pf 2 72 
86' J U n E l pf 
8 
4*8 U n F id e l 
6 
5o*b U nO C al 2.2o 
65' ? U O C a pf 2 5o 

36*4 
19 l l 
28’ 

4 
51 
Z76o 
155 
93 
9 
592 
5 
164 
5 
3 
7 
43 
4 
82 
6 
I 
7 1644 
6 
431 
13 
695 
8 2884 
14 
126 
12 
295 
1o33 z28o 
24 
I 
47 
7 1723 
18 

8 

48 
U P ac Cp I 7o 13 2984 
16+8 U n P a c pf 47 
5 
9+8 U n iro y a l 
SO l l 1o33 
62' a U n iry a l pf8 
8 
U n B ra n d 
7 
12+? U n B m d pf A 
1o 
U m tC p 
8oe 
25+? U n E n R s I 72 
11 
U F in C a l 
4o ll'/? U n G rn ty 
25*8 U Iliu m 
2.44 
23*4 U n lllu pf2 TO 
1 9'h U n itln d 
7o 
9 
13*8 U n itln pf 
42 
4*8 U n itln n 
14 
6 
12+8 U J e rB k 
1o4 
8 
9+4 U n it M M 
31+4 U n N u c lr 
12 
2' ? U n P k M n 
2 
1o*4 U n R e fg 
56 
6 
15*4 USFoS I 26e 
47'4 U S F id G 2.76 
8 
32*8 U S F id G vyi 
23’ 4 U S G yps I 6o 12 
26 
USG y p fl 8o 
6*8 U S H om 
.16 
8 
6 1 1 U S Ind 
4o 
8 
9*a U S Leasg 
4o 
5 
2*8 U S R ty 
22*4 U S Fhoe I 2o 
2 

Z49o 
17o 
56 
363 
1 
411 
685 
196 
82 
Z224o 
1o4 
2 
76 
71 
256 
883 
151 
729 
1o1 
717 
18 
723 
21 
457 
649 
445 
191 
1oo6 

21*8 
32' i 
1+4 
9 V* 
19 
25 
27*8 
15'/4 
11+4 
16 
2o+s 
22*8 
21+4 
2o+4 
17' ? 
3o*8 
14*8 
1+8 
16' 2 
37*8 
63 
43 
2o+? 
12'/? 
31*8 
55+s 
12+8 
61*8 
55+4 
8+8 
57e 
15*8 
52 
29+e 
89 
5+? 
52+4 
66+a 
54 
18'? 
9+4 
87 
8'/? 
12+8 
1o+4 
28*8 
15'? 
13'8 
26*8 
24"? 
27*8 
17 
5+8 
12+4 
9*» 
38*8 
2*8 
13+/4 
16+4 
54*8 
35*8 
24*8 
26*b 
7*8 
7 ll'/? 
3*8 
74>8 

18+e 
8*8 
1o2 
97+4 
27' e 
11+8 
22+8 
32+? 
39' ? 
2o*8 
317/8 
1*8 
9+e 
18'8 
24 
2 6 *i 
14*8 l l 
15+8 
19’ ? 
21+? 
2o+4 
2o+4 
17+8 
3o 
13*8 
1+? 
15'? 
36"? 
62+4 
43 
19+e 
11+4 
31*8 
53+i l l ' ? 
6o+8 
54 
8+8 
5*8 
1 SIB 
51 
29*8 
89 
4+8 
5o*8 
65' 1 
52 
18+? 
9+4 
85+4 
8+8 
12*8 
1o+8 
26+4 
13*a 
12*8 
26 
24'8 
26 
17 
4+e 
12+4 
9+4 
37+4 
2 V? 
12*8 
15+i 
51+a 
34*8 
23'? 
26 
7 Va 
6 +i 
1o*4 
3*8 
21*8 

36+?— I 
84+4— IV? 
78+8— 
+4 
27*8— 
*8 
4+B— 
V? 
8 *8 ........... 
12+8+ 
*8 
177/b ........... 
2 8 * 8 - 2+4 
12 V i— 
+e 
1o1/8— 
*8 
38 
— I'8 
8+4........... 
9 *4 — 1+4 
57*8— 1*8 
3o 
+ 
'J 
5*8— 
'/• 
67*8 + 3 
1o1 
+ 
+4 
7+4+ 
' t 
2 *8 + 
'8 
3 3 '8 + 
Vt 
121 
— I 
12*8+ 
+? 
25+a-+ I 
26+8 + 
+? 
333.4— 
Va 
37+?— 2*4 
27+4........... 
31+?+ 
Va 
4 5 *8 + 114 
44*8*— a 
1578+ 
'4 
8o 
— 
' 6 
9 +4 + 
*8 
26*4— 
Va 
36+b— 3 
19+4— 
+8 
27+?— n a 
49*4 I 
4 
- * 
'8 
2 6'4— 
'8 
31 
— 
*8 
24 
— V s 
2 1 '4 - 
*8 
3 5 '? + 
*4 
1o*8— 
*8 
1578 ........... 
8 *8+ 
+8 
2oVB+ 
>8 
21 
........... 
11 
+ 
18 
3478+ 1 
21+?— 
'? 
53V8— 1*8 
18 
— 
VB 
8 *4 + 
+4 
17+8+ 2*8 
25+?+ 
Va 
2 5 + 4 - 
'A 
1o+4+ 
*8 
6*8— 
V* ll'/? — 
Vt 
35+8— 
Va 
35Va— IV4 
9 '8 — 
*8 
18 Va— 
*4 
14 
+ 
Va 
1o1+4+ 1'/4 
22*8 + 
*8 
19*8+ 
Vs 
9+4+ 
Vt 
1o2+4+ VA 
98 
+ 
+4 
27+a— 
*8 
12*8+ 
+4 
23V8+ 
*8 
3 3 *4 + I '* 
4 o '4 + I 
2o78— 
*8 
317/8— 
*8 
1*8........... 
9+4— 
Va 
19 
+ 
V? 
24+4— 
Va 
267/e— 
’ ? 
14*8— 
V? 
I l'B — 
Va 
16 
+ 
*8 
19+4— l'-B 
22+8+ 
*8 
21 Va + 
'8 
2o+4............ 
17V?........... 
3o'/?— 
Va 
14'B — 
'A 
1 *8 _____ 
16*8+ 
*8 
367/e- 
Va 
63 
+ 
+4 
43 
........... 
2 o '4 ........... 
12*8 
3 1*8+ 
VB 
55+4+ 2*8 
12'/e+ 
'? 
61V? + 
+4 
54+4— 
1 ? 
8*8— 
Vt 
57B .. . 
15*8— 
'4 
51'/?— 
'/? 
29*8 
89 
+ I'? 
5 '? + 
V? 
52'4 
... 
66'/?— 2 
5378+ 1*8 
1 8 '? - 
V? 
9 *»— 
' 8 
87 
+ 
V? 
8 +4 — 
'8 
12*8— 
Va 
1o+4........... 
28*b + 
78 
15*8+ 
Va 
127/b— 
+8 
26 
— 
Vs 
24 'A— 
Ve 
27'/e— 
'? 
17 
— I 1'? 
47/e— 
Vs 
12+4........... 
9 + r - 
Ve 
38' b — 
'? 
278 + 
+4 
1 3 '4 + 
*8 
16' 8 
54'.4 * 2*a 
35*8 + 
*a 
24'4 ......... 
2 6 '? + ta 
7*8— 
Va 
67e ......... 
11+8+ 
*8 
3 *8 + 
Va 
23+4— 
V? 

31 Vs 
39 
174 
121 *4 
197b 
79 
24' ? 
77b l l 
22*4 
337b 
387a 
18'8 
12' ? 
45*8 
34*8 

22'a 
217 e 
9*8 
19*8 
9'? 
57s 
4*8 
1478 
23 
15*8 
11+4 
15*8 
48' ? 
5o 
57 
6o 
89 
1o1 

24*4 USTobC 14o 12 
138 
34' 8 Un Tech I 8o 
7 2928 
155'4 U n T c h pf 8 
H O U U n T ch pf7.32 
1778 U n iT e l 
12o 
26*8 U n iT I p f1 5 o 
22’ 4 U n iT I 2pf I SO 
6*» U n itro d 
.IO 
9 
U n iv a r 
.56 
19+8 U n iv F d s 
29*8 U n L e a f 
31 
U p jo h n 
14’ ? U S L IF E 
1 1 'i U s life F 
39*8 U ta h P L 3.12 IO 
31*8 U fP L p f 2.8o 

 v - w 
- x 

1.1o 
9 “ 574 
.8o 
6 x89 
4o 19 
395 
28 
13 12o3 
.2o 
5 1o53 
.. 
117 
2o 22 
52 
1o8 
8x657 
12 
595 

Sales 
Net 
(hds.) H iq h Low la st Chg. 
3o 
2 8 '? Ti 
38*8 
37*8 38’ ? + 
*8 
62 171 
168 
1 7 o '? + 3 's 
9117'? 116+4 117 
+ 
+4 
9 1o83 
18*8 
1 8 'i 1 8'? ............. 
27’<b 
27 Vs 27 VB— 
*8 
23 
22+4 23 
+ 
Va 
7 
6*4 
6+8............ 
978 
9+4 
9+4— 
Va 
21' a 
2o+4 2o+8 + 
'a 
3278 
31+4 32 
— 
VB 
32 
31 
31'/?............. 
15'? 
14+? 1 5*8+ 
+4 
117/8 
11*8 117/8 + 
43*8 
42+4 43*8 + 
33+4 
33+8 33+4 + 

4 
37 
8 
1o7 
6 
88 
1.12 8 
61 
1 88 
8 
91 
I o8 12 1822 
.4o 
6 128o 
.96 . 
91 
599 
54 

18*s V F C p 
17'? V S IC o rp 
7 
V a lle y ln 
14*4 V a ria n 
7Vi V a ro ln c 
4+8 Vendo 
3+4 V e n ic e 
13*4 V est Se 1.31e 
15*4 V etco 
2oe 
91 ? V ia c o m 
7 
V ic to rC 
.2o 12 
348 
14 
V a E P w 1 24 
8 2466 
45+2 V a E P pf4.o4 
Z3oo 
45 
V a E P pf4.2o 
. Z14o 
52' 2 V a E P p f4 8o 
Z79o 
54+2 V a E P p f 
5 
Z24o 
85 
V a E P pf7.72 
Z373o 
9 7'a V a E P p f8 84 
ZUO 
1o8*4 1o2*4 V a E P pf9.75 
31*4 
3o'4 V a E P pf2.9o 
68 
85 
V a E pfJ7.72 
Z35oo 
79 
V a E P pf7.2o . .Z158o 
81 'a V a E P pf7.45 
Z211o 
4*8 V o rn a d o 
163 1o9 
21*8 V u lc n M LIO 
7 
37 
48'4 W abR pf4 5o . z4o 
16Vi W a ch o va 
54 
9x349 
45 
W ach p f 2 2o . x9 
3+4 W a c h R ty 
72 
12 
Wa I M a rt 
IO IO 
6o8 
147/s W a lg m 
LIO 
7 
76 
25 
W lk r A L4oa 
8 
115 
17*8 W a ll B us 
66 
7 
32 
2o' ? W a llM u 1.2o 
A 
9o 

21 
2o'? 
9*8 
19 
9"? 
5 '? 
3*8 
14' B 
19*8 
13*8 i m 
15 
45*8 
47' ? 
55+4 
56*4 
88+4 
99+? 

2o*8 
19 
9 
18' a 
8 VB 
5+4 
3+4 
13*4 
17V* 
12'? l l 
14' ? 
45*8 
4 6'? 
52+4 
55 
87+4 
98' ? 

2o+4— 
'/ 
2 o *8 + 
+ 
91/4 + 
V 
187/8+ 
' 
9 * 8 + 
7/ 
5 +4— 
V 
374......... 
13*4— 
* 
187?+ 
V 
13 
. . . liv e — 
V 
15 
+ 
* 
45*8 + 
V 
47 
— I 
5474+ I * 
56 
+ 
Va 
88+4+ I 
9 9 '? + I 
Z6oo 1o6'? 1o5*4 1o6+2+ 
Va 

8o 
82 
8 5 't 
6> a 
27*8 
56 
21 
56*4 
4' ? 
15*8 
17 7 B 
287a 
21*8 
26*8 
39*8 
12'? 
42*9 
6*8 
9*4 
22 
32'4 
3 o 'H 
59'? 
1o7s 
31*4 
23'? 
2o*4 
35 
2 2 '4 
25*8 
15*4 
24*4 
7*4 
6*8 
18*8 
IO '8 
1o*4 
27' 2 
28 7s 
13*4 
57 
41 
27*4 
1o*a 
3o’ ? 
I8V4 
19 
19 
2o' i 
53’ ? 
57' 2 
12*8 
27+i 
21*8 
5o 

29*4 W a if J im 
1.2o 8 1285 z22o 
327 
18o 
143 
64 
168 
789 
I 
44 

5o 
4 
SO 
126 
574 
131 
6o 
9o 
16 
55 
271 
39 

 l l ’ 2 W a ltJ pf 
I 
32*4 W a lt J p fl 6o 
5 
W a rd F d .47* 
6 ! ? W a rn a c o 
17*4 W rn c p f 1.5o 
28’ ? W a rn s 
L2o 
26+4 W rn C o m 
8o 
52 
W rn C p f 1.25 
87a W rn e rC o 
6o 
25’ ? 
W a rn rL LIO 13 2989 
21 
W ashG s 2 o8 
8 
69 
16' ? W a s h N a t 
8o 
7 
33>2 w a s N p f2 5o 
18' 2 
W ash SII 
I 8 
2o’ ? 
W as W at 176 7 
12 
W a s te M 
2o 
12 
18*4 W a tk in J 
.32 14 
6 'b W a yG os 
48 14 
4*8 W ean Un lOe 5 
13*8 W ean p fL 2 6 
8+4 W e a th rd 
5o 
6 
8 
W e b b D e l 
14 
24*4 W e is M k t 
82 
9 
26 
W e lls F g 1.12 
8 129o 
9 ’ ? 
Wet I FAA 67e 16 299 
54 
W tP P pf4.5o 
33*8 W tP tP e 2 4o 
26*4 W s tc tT r 194 
8 
W n A irL ,4oa 
26'? W n Brie 
LSO 
14*8 W n NOA .4ob 
14 
W n P a c ln 
17 
W n P u b l 
88 
17+8 W Un ion 14o 
5o 
W n U n p f4 6o 
54 
W n U n pf 4 9o 
1 2 'j W n U n deppf 
257a W U U p f2 56 
16*4 W e s tg E l 
97 
46'? W e stg pf3.8o 
I ' j 13 16 W e s tm o r 
337e 
26 
W s tv a c o LIO 
2o+1 W e y b rq 136 
38*a W e y e rh r 
8o 
54'2 W e y r p f 2 8o 
24 
W heel F 
.72 13 
72 
W h e lL E 5 75 
15 
W h e e l P it 
59+? W h e lP it p f 6 
5o 
W h e lP it pf 5 
23'4 W h irlp o l 
I l l 
23*8 W h itC o n LIO 
6 
37+8 W h ite pfC3 
6*4 W h ite M t 
3 
2 V k W h itin g 15o 
7 
4 7/» W h it t a k r 
7 
12' ? W ic k e s 
72b 
9 
6' ? W k id tS t 
32 
8 
22*4 W illia m s 
I IO 1853 
6' i W ils h rO 
12 
9 
237 
4o 
W in n D x L56 12 
55 
W in D x B 
378 W in n b g o 
13 
14' ? W in te r J 
I 
6 
27*4 W ise E P 2.12 
1o5 
W is E p f 8 9o 
93 
W is E p f 7 75 
19*e W isG a s 17o 
28 
W isG p f 2 55 
19' ? W ise P L 
16o 
18* 4 W ise PS 146 
28 
W itc o 
14o 
12 
W ittr D 
6o 
4 
4 
W o lv r W 
12 
6 
1o*4 W o m e tc o .48 
6 
6' ? W oodC p 
4o 
5 
19'. W ood P et 
3o 12 
23* h W o lw th 
I 4o 
34 
W o lw p f 2 2o 
4' a W o rld A ir 
24 
144 
7o*8 W rig ly 2.4oa l l 

23'? 
46' ? 
64"? 
3o’ s 
74 
2o 
62 
53 
27+? 
27*8 
4o 7b 
8*8 
28++ 
6*8 
14+8 
IO 
26'8 
918 
45' ? 
6o '4 
6+8 
19'8 
32*4 
1o8 
97' ? 
21' 4 
2 9 'i 
22i8 
21*4 
33*8 
15' 4 
5' a 
12*4 
8+8 
29'? 
26 + 
39' ? 
6 
85’ s 
9*4 
12*e 
2*8 
58*4 
24*8 

Z6o 
2oo 
I 
312 
548 
151 
222 
411 
388 
7 
5 
. 
132 
45 
81663o 
. ZUO 
13o 
9 23o9 
6 
41 
16 4282 
3oo 
644 
Z14o 
65 
Z78o 
Z27o 
996 
848 
26 
1135 
68 
418 
581 
52 

293 
6 
92o 
87 
9x356 

31+? 
88*4 
8 2 'i 
84*4 
4+6 
23'? 
49 
17 
46 
3+8 
13 
15*8 
255b 
17*4 
25+4 
33 Vs 
12 
36 
6'4 
8*8 
21+? 
32 
29*6 
57*8 
9'? 
26*8 
23 
1814 
33'? 
2o'4 
23'8 
15*4 
23*8 
6*8 
6*8 
14'4 
9+? 
8*4 
2676 
28'4 
13+4 
54+? 
34*4 
27*4 
8*8 
28*6 
16+8 
18*8 
18'? 
18 
5o+? 
54+? 
12*8 
26'4 
21*8 
5o"? 
I 
3o+8 
23 
4o*8 
57'? 
29+a 
7 3 'e 
15+6 
61 
51 
25 V? 
26+8 
4o"? 
7*4 
27' a 
5+8 
14* a 
7*8 
24*8 
o 
41+8 
55+? 
4*8 
15+8 
29+? 

31 
87 
8o V? 
83+? 
4+/b 
22’/? 
49 
16’4 
45 
3*4 
12 
1514 
25 
17*-a 
24 
32 
11 Va 
35*8 
57/e 
8 
19 
3o*4 
28*8 
57*8 
9+8 
25*8 
22+8 
17*8 
33 Va 
19 
22+8 
14'/? 
22+b 
6V6 
5' ? 
13*8 
9 
8*8 
26 
27+a 
12 
5 4'? 
33*8 
27*4 
8 VB 
27*4 
16 
17'? 
17'? 
17'? 
5o'a 
54 
12*8 
26 
19'8 
5 o'? 
13 16 
2 9'? 
22 
3 8'? 
5514 
27+s 
72 
15 
59+? 
5o 
24*4 
26'4 
4o 
7 
26+/B 
4+o 
13*8 
7+8 
2 3'? 
7 Va 
4o*4 
55 
37o 
15+4 
28*8 

*4 

 y973o1o7+a 1o5'? 1o7' 

31'4 + 
87+4— 
8 IV4— 
8 3 '? .. 
4+e. . 
23+? + 
49 
17 
+ 
46 
+ 
3*4— 
12 
— 
15+a— 
2 5 '? .. 
1 7 * 8 - 
25 
+ 
32+8 + 
11 Va— 
35*6— 
5 + e .. 
8 +4 .. 
19 
— 
31'/a— 
28+a— 
57*8— 
9*84- 
26'4 + 
22*8— 
18'4. ■ 
33+; + 
19'/?— I VB 
22*4 
.. 
15'? + 
23*8— 
6 VB— 
5+?— I 
13*8— 
9' ? + 
8 '? — 
26+o— 
27+8— 
13+4 + 
54+?— 
33+o— I 
2 7*4 + 
14 
8 '? + 
28+4 + 
16+8— 
18*8+ 
17'/?— 
17*8— 
5o+2 + 
54+?— 
12*8. 
26 
— 
2 1 '8 + 1+4 
5o' t-v 1*8 
I 
+ 3 -1 6 
3o' a— 
*o 
22+8 + 
*8 
38' ?— 2'8 
55' a - 
29+8+ 
72 
- 
15 Va— 
59+?— 
5o+?— 
25+? + 
26+t— 
4o+ ? + 
7+4. 
27 
— 
4+o— 
14+8 + 
7 '? . . . 
2 3 * 4 - 
7*4 . . 
41 + 8 4- 
5 5 '? — 
4*8 + 
15*8— 
29 
— 

2 *i 

 y78o 
5 
12o 
15 
9x128 
9 
676 
8 
318 
4 
157 
6 
85 
6 
289 
5 
128 
415 

96 
2o'a 
28*4 
2Q7o 
19*4 
32 
13 
4+2 
11*8 
77e 
22*4 

8+s W u rltz ? 
9*8 W y la m 
1+4 W y ly C p 
45' s X e ro x 
15+a X tra 

114 
35 
.6o l l 
391 
981 
12o IO 5oo7 
o8e 
7 
5o7 

6x1451 24'a x l2 4 
35'4 
5*4 
84 
9*8 
12 
1*8 
46*8 
217o 

95*4 
19*8 
28*8 
2o*8 
19'4 
3o' ? 
12' ; 
4' 8 
1o78 
7*8 
22' 8 
23+8 
34 
5 '4 
8o'4 
8 7a i m r n 
45’ 8 
2o*8 

95*4 4 
2o*8 t- 
28' 2 - 
2o*8— 
19' ? 
3 o * 4 - 
12*8— 
4 '4 — 
11*8 + 
7 * 8 - 
22*8— 
23*8— 
34 
— 
5*8— 
81*4 - 
8+s— 
12 
— 
1*8— 
45' ?— 
2 1*4 ^ 

Y-Z 

13*4 
1o+e Y a te s 
16*8 
14' 
? 
Z a le C p .88 
15 
12 
Z a le p t A 
BO 
Z a p a ta 
3ob 
Z a p a ta p f 
2 
Z a y re C p 
Z e m th R 
I 
Z u rn ln d 

14*4 
59 
8*e 
28 
16 
48 
9 

285 
13U 
12'4 
12U + 
Vt 
185 
15U 
15+6 
15+? + 
+ 8 
2o 
12U 
12 
12+?— 
’■t 
29o 
I 
1o+8 
1o+e 
1o+2 + 
+8 
45 
45 
45 
294 
8' 8 
7*4 
77o— 
Va 
2662 
2 2 ? 
2o 
22 
+ 
I U 
339 
M U 
14+4 
M U u 

W E E K L Y NY STOCK S A L E S 
Total fo r w eek 
97 77o OOO 
Week ago 
1o5.87o,ooo 
Y ear ago 
81 34o,81o 
Tw o y e a rs a go 
99,511.77o 
Jan 1 to d a te 
...............................................................1,737,81o,ooo 
"1976 to d a te .................................................................... 2,o78 441,499 
1975 to d a te t 7SO ,1 Sh 17o 

Y eo rty 
Soles 
N e t 
H iqh 
(a w 
(hds I H ig h la w le s t C h g . 
15U 
14 
D p ) La b s 
36 
7 
4 
M U 
M U 
M U 
7U 
6 U 
D eH w d F 
54 
13 
16 
TH 
7+4 
7 U * 
U l l 
8 '- 
D e n T a lE 
8 
39o 
1o+4 
9 ’ ? l o u t 
*o 
22U 
19*4 
D e p s tfr 
152 
6 
3 
2o 
19*8 
2o 
— 
+4 
J U 
IU 
D e s o n jw 
* 
I U 
I U 
1 U + t4 
8 
5*o Dev Cp A 
8 
179 
T H 
67* 
7 U + 
*o 
37+4 
26'4 
D evon G p 
IO 74So 
3o+4 
3o 
3o' 4 * 
’A 
4 U 
3+4 O ig tto n 
' <1 
3 U 
3 '4 
3'4 
+• 
1SU 
12*4 D iiia rd S t .4o 
A 
5 
13 
13 
13 
A u 
I U is I * D io d e s 
25 
I 
15 1615 16— I 16 
2 U 
1+4 D is F a b 
. lOe 13 
27 
2 
I U 
2 
19 
13’ ? D iv e rs e v 
56 IO 
146 
18'? 
16 
18' 4 A 
I U 
F U 
IO U D lx ily n 
4oe 
6 
214 
F U n u 
12U + v? 
4Fo 
37'4 
D om e Pf 
7 
729 
4o’ ? 
3 7 U 
3 o + 4 - 
2*8 
157/8 
13)4 D o m ta r 
8o 
IS 
5 
M U 
14 
1 4 '4 + 
'4 
8+4 
6*4 
D o n ke n y .28 
4 
8 
7'A 
7 
7+4 + 
+4 
M U n u 
D o w n y 
37e 
A 
34 
14 
13'? 
1 3 '? - 
'? 
18*4 
16' 8 D re x U tl 132 
6 
17U 
17 
1 7 U + 
14 
1o*6 
S '? 
D r iv H a r r 
3 
IO 
9 U 
9 U — 
+2 n u 
IO 
D r g F a ir 
4ob A 
34 
1o+8 
IO 
IO 
— t/4 
IU 
I U D u n lo p 
o6e 
5 
1U111 16 
I U 
17U 
13*4 D u p lx P d 
I 
6 
18 
15U 
15+4 
15U-L 
+8 
8' 6 
«’ ? D u r T st 
3ob 
8 
98 
7 
6 U 
7 
+ 
VB 
SU 
3 U D y n lc tn 
.o6 
21 
741 
51 ? 
5 
S U . 
6+e 
5 
D y n A m 
6 
457 
5 Va 
SVU 
5+8— i i 
9 '8 
5 U D y n e llE I 
24 
43 
6+? 
6+4 
6 '4 4 - 
1/4 
3*4 
2+e EAG 
6 
31 
3V, 
3>4 
3'/? + 
Va 
17+4 
15+? E D G tn c 25c 
7 
15U 
15*8 
15+t— 
'4 
IU 
V s E ag le C 
54 
I U 
V a r n — 
U 
19U 
17 
E a rth R es 
I l l 
327 
19Vo 
W U 
19+2 + 
Vt 
61’ / 
4 1U E asonO .2ob 
19 
7o 
59 
5 5U 
59 
+ 
V/4 
31+? 
23+4 E s trn C 
16o 
IO 
2 
31+4 
3 VB 
3V/4. 
7+8 
474 E a z o rE 
.24 
5 
28 
5 VB 
474 
47o— 
+'e 
17U 
1o+4 E c o d y n lOe 
IO 
187 
15U 
14+? 
15 
— 
V4 
2 7o 
2 
E d m o s 
71 
2+2 
2 1/4 
2+2. • 
IV ? 
9*4 
E D O lOe 
6 
42 
1V8 
IO U 
1 o U - 
Va 
6+? 
474 E g a n M 
.4o 
7 
15 
SU 
5 VB 
5 U + 
+o 
7 
4*4 
E h re n P ,2oa 
6 
25 
5 U 
5 '4 
5 '4 . . 
7+4 
5 
E lc o rC p 
.12 
7 
86 
5*8 
5 
5 
— 
U 
6*8 
4' 8 E l Hose 
8 
4 U 
4 'o 
4 U + 
+8 
K 
U 
+4 
3 
U 
E r 
A u d 
D 
. 
2 t 
7 
5o 
A 
3*4 
3*4 
U U 
13U E le c tro g 
I 
7 
8 
IS 
M U 
15 
+ 
V4 
IO 
7 U E le c E n g .28 
7 
21 
8+6 
7 U 
8+6 
2i? 
V ? E le c tR e s 
I 
V ? iv ? 
I 'A ■ • i+? 
25+4 
17'8 
E lec A m 1.2o 
IO 
133 
2514 
2 2 U 
24+4 + 
7 U 
47o 
E n g y R s 
E rn s t E C 
64 
9 
78 
6 U 
6 '4 
6 '4 — 
+2 
12+4 
IO 
5 
88 
I VB 
1o+2 
1o+2— 
Vt 
2 
I U E ro In d 
15 
16 
I U 
I U 
I U . . 
6'? 
474 E s p e y M f 
5 
5 
5 
5 
5 
.. 
"'A 
1o*8 
778 E s q R a d 
39e 
A 
24 
8*8 
8+e 
8 U + 
JOU 
7’ 8 E ssex Ch .4o 
6 
1o1 
IO U 
1o*4 
W B — 
14 
JU 
F/e 
E tz L a v 
I SO 
52 
3'4 
3 
3 
— 
U 
W a l l 
E v a n A r 
2or 
IO 
9 
14 
137/e 
1374- 
»4 
13U 
6*8 E x e c ln d 
3 
517 
8 
6 U 
8 
+ 
Vt 
6*8 
4 
E x e c u fn ,27f 
17 
128 
6+8 
5’A 
6+2 + 
I 
3*o 
2*8 F D H n c 
.Ole l l 
92 
278 
2+? 
2 U + 
+8 
6*4 
4*4 
F a b ln d 
.25e 
4 
26 
6*8 
6+4 
6+8 + 
'4 
414 
2*4 
F a b ie n 
,o5i 
18 
26 
2 U 
2 U 
2 U — 
+8 
2 
1+6 F a ir T e x 
8 
I U 
I U 
14 
2+? 
I U 
F a irf Nob l l 
I U 
I U 
17o 
4 
2 U E a irm C 
M e l l 
2 
2 U 
2 U 
2*4 
48*8 
34U 
F a lc o n s 
I 
12 
528 
47*8 
44+2 
46U + 
2+8 
6 U 
5 U Fa m Dot r .2o 
6 
26 
6+8 
5 U 
6 'e + 
'? 
2 U 
2 
F a m lR c . 15e 
4 
5 
2+4 
2+e 
2 'e — 
+8 n u 
9*6 F a n n y F ,5oe 
6 
13 
IO 
9 '? 
9' j — 
+? 
1+4 
7o F a s h E a b 
85 
I 
7/e 
Vt— 
+8 io u 
7 U F a v D rq lOi 
8 
5o 
7'A 
7 U 
7*8— 
VB 
14*4 
13+8 F e d O a rt 
6o 
4 
29 
14 
13'/? 
13U 
15*8 
13’ 8 F e d R lty I 24 12 
36 
14+8 
13U 
13U— 
''4 
SU 
4*8 F«*dRes 
1414 
7 Vt 
6 U 
7 '4 4 
Vs 
21*8 
16+4 F e lm n t 
.2oe 19 
99 
19'4 
W '4 
19 
IO U 
774 F e ls w a y 
.36 
5 
15 
914 
9+4 
9+6— 
'+8 
1+? 
74 F ib re b rd w t 
66 
1+8 
I 
I 
— 
'4 
3 
2+e F id e lc o 
46 
2*8 
2 '4 
21/4. 
2*8 
I U 
F ilm C p A 
39 
I ' ; 
I U 
1*8 n u 
7+4 F ilm w y 
o5r 
7 
263 
S U 
8+e 
8+?— 
'IB i i 
8+4 
F in G e n 
.4o 
5 
17 
IO U 
IO U 
1o+8*- 
+8 
IO U 
8*8 F in G n A 
.4o 
19 
IO U 
IO 
1o+4 + 
Vt 
7U 
6' ? FtC o nn 
.5o 12 
23 
Va 
7 
7U +- 
1/2 
1+e13 16 F s tH a r tfd 
1215 1613 161516 
4+4 
3+4 F s tH rt pf.5o 
IO 
AVa 
4+4 
4+4 + 
' i /4 n u 
9*8 FstS LS h i i 
32 i i 
IO '? 
IO U — t/4 
2 U 
IU 
F s tm rk 
22 
2 
2 
2 
16'? 
13+4 F is c h rP 
481 
6 
227 
16 
147/e 
15 
- i 
17 U 
16 
F itc h b G 
1.44 
8 X 14 
16*8 
16 
16+8 + u 
IU 
1+8 
F la g g 
16 
M b 
I U 
W a. . . 
SU 
3 U F la g s ta ff .12 
5 
75 
4 
3 U 
3 U . .. 
15+4 
H U F lig h tS f 
.12 
IO 
116 
13+8 
1214 
127o+ 
"'A 
5 
414 
F la C a p 
5 
51 
4+2 
4 '4 
4+8— 
Vt 
4'8 
3’ 8 F la R c k 
15 
38 
4 
4 
4 
5 U 
3*8 
F lo w G e n 
7 
156 
5 '4 
4 U 
5+4 + 
"'it 
73 U 
15+? 
F lo w e rs .66 
7 x5o 
22 
21 
21+4 — u 
17' 8 
14’ / 
F lu k e J 
.731 
IO 
49 
147/e 
14+2 
14'?— 
V? 
24*4 
2oU F ly D ia O 
7 
276 
22'? 
21+8 
22'4— 
V? 
6*4 
5+? F o o d rm 
4o 
5 
19 
6*8 
6*8 
6+2 + 
Vs 
15*8 
9 U 
F oodw s 
2oa 
6 
2o1 
15*2 
!4>4 
15 
— 
+2 
8'? 
7+4 
F o o te M .25e 
12 
22 
BU 
8 
8+8 + 
+8 
32’ ? 
29U F o ote pf2.2o 
26 
32'? 
31 
32 
+ 
I 
9o 
85 
F o rd Can 
Sa 
6 756o 
88 
86*4 
So 
+ 
I 
976 
7+6 F o re s tC 
o5e 
8 
5 
7 U 
7 U 
7+4. . . 
3 U 
2*8 
F o re s tL a b 
6 
75 
3+4 
3 
3 
- 
+8 ll ' ? 
7+8 F o x S ta P .5o to 
76 
7*8 
7+6 
7Va— 
+4 
4'8 
3+8 F ra n k ln R t 
76 
4+8 
37/e 
4 
+ 
+6 
9*4 
8 
F ra n k N u .36 
5 
32 
9+4 
S U 
87o— t/4 
18*8 
IS 7 e F ra n tz 
8oa 
6 
2 
16 
16 
16 
22’ 4 
16’ 1 F re s n illo .4o 4o 
39 
19U 
19+4 
19U 
57b 
4*4 
F rie d m 
28b 
6 
7 
5+4 
5 
5+6— 
Vs 
27b 
I U 
F rie n d F r 
5 
2 
2 
2 
. . . 
9*8 
7*8 
F rig tm p .55t 
6 
216 
8+? 
7 U 
8*6 + 
+B 
8'8 
6*8 
F ris c h s 
3ob 
8 
22 
6*4 
6*8 
6*4. 
7*8 
6 
F ro n t A ir ,19t 
5 
258 
7*8 
6 78 
7+4... 
3U 
2 U 
F ro n fA ir w t 
8 
2*4 
2*4 
2U . . . 

Page 
IO C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 

G H I 

‘ 2*8 
3*8 
1*8 
2 + 8 
18’ 8 
5+4 
11+8 
3 
4+8 
I 1+8 
5 + 8 

42c 
7 

15'o 
2+8 
I'? 
3*8 
1*4 
6 * b 
2'4 
9 
18'8 
, 8*u 
5+4 
38 
18*4 
6' ? 
17 
25 
12*4 
14*8 
3*8 
4*8 
13*8 
13 ‘ a 
1+2 
2*8 
8+8 
5’ 8 
23*8 
6 
8+? 
8+i 
6+8 
7 + 8 
37+s 
6' 8 
4'b 
6 
7*8 
15+8 
1o*8 
6'4 
2 8 'B l l 
67h 
2*8 
I478 
77b 
6+4 
13*8 
11*8 
5+4 
21 
5*8 
13+8 

8 
76 
15 
66 
689 
36 
52 
265 
3 
76 
5 
21 
I 
22 1o73 
3 
76 
o 
6 
4o 
9 
14 
6 
12 

1>4 G IT Ind 
2> ? G R I C p 
1 
GSC E n 
1*o G T I 
12’ e G a b rie l 
.4o 
4*8 G a la x y 
8*o G a ra n 
.6o 
2 
G a r c ia 
3+4 G a rla n d 
8*8 G a te s L rje t 
3*8 G a y lo rd 
15e 
I *811 16 G a y n o r 
2+j 
1*4 G n E m p 
19r 
5+b G en E x p l * i G n H o u s 
Va G n R e c re 
2 
G enge 
I Vs G en i sc o 
4*4 G e n o v D r . 
1*8 Geon Ind 
4*8 G e r b e r 
16+? G ia n t F d la 
6>4 G ia n t Y e t 
3*8 G la s ro c k 
33+4 G la tfltr 
1.8o 
6 
18+4 G la tfltr w i 
4*e G le n G e r 
.16 1o3 
11*8 G le n D is 
44t 
6 
15*8 G lo b e ln 
.7o 
9*8 G lo sser 
.32 
1o+? G lo u c s tE 
2+8 G lo v e r lOe 
3*8 G ld b la tt 
.28 
IO 
G oldn C yc 
9*8 G oldn W 
.45 
*8 G o ld fie ld 
1*4 G oodLS 
o7r 21 
6+4 G o o d ric h w t .. 
4+8 G o rin S t .1oe 
5 
19'? G e rm R 
9oa 
8 
3 ' j G ou ld IT ,24e 35 
5*8 G ra n d A u 
3o 
5 
7 
G rn d C fl 
.3o 
5 
5*8 G t A m In d 
4 
5+4 G t B asin P 
43 2395 
31*8 G tL k C b 
28 12 
253 
5 
G tL a k R ,15r 
8 
3+b G re e n m n 
5 
5 ’/4 G re e r H y .12 
5 
6 
G R E IT 
.4o IO 
13*8 G ro s s T lc 
8+? G ua rd C 
4*8 G u ilfo rd 
24*4 G lfO C an 
9*4 G if R e p E n 
5 ’ 8 G u lfs t r m 
Va H a lc o P d 
9 
12+? H a lls M o t .72 
5 
37h H a m p D 
15e 15 

I 
8 
.5o 
7 
.2o 
5 
I o8 7 
4 

89 
41 
63 
21o 
66 
41 
4 
18 
79 
115 
7 
5 
4 l l 
233 
1o8 
28o 
9 
239 
15 
3o 
15 
16 
7 
59 

8 
191 
22 
13 
25 
6 

4*s H a m p tn 
11*8 H a n n frd 
72 
5 
1o+8 H a n v rS h 
6o 
5 
4 
H a n S q R t 
18*o H a rla n d 
6o 
9 
4 
H a rffd Z d 
11+8 H a rtz M 
.3o l l 

37 
37 
72 
78 
162 
153 
63 
45 
43 
162 
117 
1o5 
343 l ’ s l l 16 H a rv e y 

1*« 
2*4 
I 
2 
18+8 
5 
9+4 
2'? 
3*8 
9 
4 
I 
1 + 8 
13 
2+8 
Va 
2*8 
1*8 
5 ' a iv? 
7*4 
17 V? 
7*4 
4 + 8 
37 
18*4 
S'/4 
13 
22*8 
9*4 
1o*8 
27/8 
4 
13*8 
12*4 
I VB 
1+8 
7'8 
5+e 
21 
6 
5+8 
7+4 
6 
7+8 
34*4 
5 Vs 
3*4 
5*4 
6+2 
15+7 
8*4 
5+4 
25+a l l 
5 ’ ? 
2' 8 
13+8 
7+8 
5 
13 
11*8 
4 ' 4 
19*4 
4*4 
12 

1*8 
2*o 
I 
1*8 
15+4 
4+o 
8*8 
2 '8 
3*8 
8*4 
3*8 
7o 
1+8 
11*8 
2*8 
Va 
2*8 
1+8 
4*4 
1*o 
7+4 
16*8 
6*8 
4*8 
35+? 
18+4 
47o 
12'? 
2o 
9*8 
1o+? 
2+8 
4 
11V? 
12 
I 
1*4 
6*4 
4*8 
2o*8 
5+? 
5*4 
7 
5*8 
6+8 
34+e 
5 
3+4 
5*8 
6+8 
14*4 
8*8 
5*4 
25'/4 
9+? 
5 '8 
17o 
13 VB 
7' a 
4*8 
12+4 
1o+e 
A 
18'? 
4' ? 
11+8 
6415 1613 16 

1*8........... 
2 *8 ........... 
1 
. . 
2 
V 
'8 
181o + 2+8 
4+8........... 
9+4........... 
2 * 8 * 
'4 
3*o........... 
9 
........... 
37/8- 
' B 
I 
- 
Vt 
V t ........... 
12+4— 
Va 
2*4......... 
Va- 
Vs 
2*o— 
*8 
1+4+ 
+o 
4 * 4 — 
1 * 8 - 
7 *4 . 
17+?* 
7 
— 
4 * o — 
36*4— 
18*4 
5 'o + 
13 
- 
2o’ , — 
9*8— 
1o+?.. 
27b 
4 
13 
+ 
12 
— 
I 
1+8. . 
7+8 + 
47o + 
21 
+ 
57o+ 
5*/4— 
7 'o + 
6 
+ 
7 * 4 * 
34*o— 
5Ve— 
3 *8 + 
5 *4.. 
6+? + 
15+4 + 
8*4. . 
5 * 4 - 
25*4.. 
1o*4 + 
5*8— 
17/e— 
13'?— 
7*4 + 
4*o - 
17*8— 
11+o+ 
4VB— 
19 
4*8. 
12 
+ 
7o . 

VB 

+o 
2+4 

I 'A 
Va 

Va 

Va 

 i i 8 

9*8 
7+2 H a sbro 
2o 
4 
55 
8'? 
7+/B 
8+2 + 
*8 l l ’ , 
7' 2 H a s tin g 
4oa 
8 
5o 
8U 
7' ? 
7 U — 
*8 
41J 
3*4 H a w a iA ,1or 
3 
16 
4'8 
37/e 
4 '4 + 
'4 
9 '? 
6*4 H e a lth C h 
9 
59 
7 Va 
7>4 
7 '4 — 
'? 
77e 
6' 8 H e a ltb M .3o 
A 
4 
7 
7 
7 
2+4 
1*4 H e in ic k lOe 
8 
25 
2 
F/e 
2 
+ 
' '4 
2 
VA 
H e ifm M tg 
482 
I U 
VB 
VA— 
'4 
4 
2 U H iG ln c 
33 
24 
3+2 
3'A 
3'A — 
+4 
6+4 
5 
H i S h e a r 
6 
9 
5 U 
5 
5 
— 
Vt 
5*8 
4*8 H ig h la n d 
27 
5 U 
5*8 
5*8. . . 
8 
5 U 
H illh a v n 
.32 
4 x45 
6 
5 U 
5*o— 
+8 
7*8 
5 '? 
H ip trn ic 
43 13 
68 
6 
5+2 
5 U - 
*8 
3'8 
2 '4 
H o tm a n 
? 
18 
2 Vt 
2 U 
2 U - 
Vt 
79 U 
2 7' 
H oi na A 
18o 
IO x5 
29+a 
28 
2 i'v + 1'? 
7 
4+a H o lly C p 
8 
147 
5+2 
5 VB 
5 'A — 
Vt 
3o 
26’ 4 H o m e O A .75 
7 
8 
27'? 
27 + ? 
27' 'a— 
Vt 
267e 
23' 2 H o m e O B 
75 
6 
7 
25 
23V? 
23' ar— 
VA 
28U 
23 
H o rm e l 
1.12 
6 
2o 
24+8 
237/e 
24 
+ 
'A 
714 
414 
H o rn H a r 
49 
6'4 
4 U 
6 
+ 
IV? s u 
6 U H o spM 
,6oe 
28 
38 
BU 
8*8 
8+o— 
'A 
13*8 
11+4 H otel 
1.32e 15 
35 
F U 
F U 
F U + 
14 
5+8 
4' 8 H ousR on .3o 
4 
27 
4>4 
4+8 
414. 
5+e 
4 '8 
H ouseV i 
.32 
12 
85 
47/e 
4+8 
4 U + 
' 'A 
9*8 
7>4 
H o s M ln n 
22 
48 
8 '? 
8 
8 '4 + 
+4 
6o7 6 
39' 4 H o u O ilM 
8o 
21 4296 
46'4 
43+2 
4 5U + 
+2 
19+4 
13*4 H ow elC 
4o 
9 
44 
16'? 
15*8 
15+4- 
7o 
5 
3+2 H o w e ll 
15e 
3 
44 
3*4 
3+2 
3*o— 
+4 
36*h 
3378 H u b e llA 1.5o 
IO 
7 
36+8 
35+2 
35'/?— 
7o 
36*b 
33+? HubeM B 1.5o 
IO 
4o 
357e 
3 5'4 
35 U + 
Vt 
53*8 
5o'4 
Hub p f A U S 
H u c k M tg .2o 
8 
52+4 
52 
52 
- 
I 
474 
4 
8 
9 
4 U 
4+2 
4 Va— 
Vs 
6’ ? 
4+4 H udsnG n 
IO 
6+4 
6 
6Ve. 
37+4 
31+2 H u dB O 
1.52 
7 
14 
33+8 
3 2U 
32U — u 
U U l l ' ? 
H u ffm a n 
5o 
5 
JOI 
13*4 
12*4 
13 
— 
*8 
4 
3+4 H u nt H it 
19e 
5 
25 
3 U 
3+2 
3 * o - 
Vt 
27' ? 
187a H u skyO 
.8o 
9 4o56 
27'? 
2 5U 
2 7 U + 
*4 
4 U 
3 V? H y c e lln c 
16 
13o 
3*4 
3+2 
3 U — 
+e 
6’ ? 
4' tC M R 
139 
5+8 
4 U 
434— 
+8 
778 
6 't 
IM C M g 
.2o 
6 
12 
67/8 
6+2 
6'/?— u 
3+4 
VA 
IS C F in l 
19 
IU 
I Va 
1+2— 
+8 
I 
9 16 
T IC p 
3811 16 u n 16 f 
16 
6' 4 
5*4 Im p C h 
,3oe 
7 
28 
6+8 
574 
6+8 
IV , 
1+8 Im p G rp ,o7e 
IO 
I U 
1+4 
VA— 
16 
3 
2 
Im p e rln d 
24 
2 U 
2+8 
2' ?. . 
23+4 
19+? Im POI IA 
86 
IO 
63 
197/e 
19+2 
19+2— 
+8 
2*8 
IU 
(n a rc o 
12 
2 
2 
2 
U U 
12 
In c o tr m 
IO 
65 
13 
12 
12*4— 
"Vt 
5o 
47 
In P L p f 
4 
ZUO 
5o 
49 
5o 
+ 
2 
I' 2 
I 
I n f lig h t S v 
4o 
I >4 
I l u ­ 
Vt 
2'8 
1*8 Ino le x 
24 
2 
I U l u — 
Vt 
7*4 
4+8 In s tro n 
2o 
74 
7*4 
6+2 
7 U f 
I U l u l l 16 In s trS y s 
5o9 
Va l l 1611 16- 
16 
13+4 
7 
InsS y p f 25e 
72 
7*8 
7 
7'A. • 
2 
I U 
In te g R e s 
8 
63 
1*4 
I U 
1*8. 
15 
IO U 
In tlA lu m 
.5o 
8 
38 
U>/4 
13( 
14 
— 
"'it 
4’ 8 
2+? 
In tB n k n t 
17 19oo 
3 U 
2*4 
3 U + 
*8 
13U n u 
In tC o u r 
.28 
9 l l 
F U 
12*8 
127o + 
*8 
1*4 
IU 
In tF d S v c 
92 
V A 
1*8 i u . . 
3+8 
2+e In tF u n r l 
o5e 
6 
78 
2+4 
2 's 
2+4. 
15'? 
12*4 In tG e n ln .9o 
6 
31 
15+2 
1474 
15+8+ 
'+8 
7 Va 
4' 4 In tP ro tn 
5 
67 
6*6 
574 
6 '4 — 
'A l l 
6' ? In tS e a w 
6o 
4 
27 
1o+7 
IO '? 
1o+2. . . 
2 r n 
In r S tr tc h 
14 
1+8 
11/4 
1 U - 
' 'A 
29+b 
17+8 IntS ysC 
.25 
8 
157 
22*4 
2o7 a 
2214+ 
*8 
I'? 
U 
In te r p h o f 
19 
U 
*413 1 6+ 1 
16 
17U 
U U In trp o o ! .o5e 
6 
132 
17 Vs 
16+4 
16U 
2o 
12'? 
In trw d y 
ISe 
8 
789 
2o 
1774 
2o 
+ iv ? 
2*4 
1*8 In v e s t v ia 
8 
F e 
I U 
1*4.. . 
2o+4 
17'? 
In v D v A 
2oe 
5 
7o 
19 78 
19 
197'b— 
'+8 
5*4 
4'4 
In v D v B 
o5e 
5 
SO 
4 U 
4+o 
4*4— 
Vs 
7’ 
4+8 In v R tT r 
88 
7 
6 U 
7 
.. . 
21 1 4 
M U 
Io n ic s 
13 
69 
2o+4 
19+4 
19+o 4 
"'it 
8*8 
6*o iro q B rd 
2o 
7 
54 
8*8 
7*4 
8+4 + 
+8 
I6 U 
14+4 
Iro q B rn d pf 
17 
16*4 
16+4 
1 6 's + 
'8 
6 U 
4 Vt Ir v in ln d 
.1o 
4 
86 
SU 
4*8 
5 
- 
+4 
7*8 
6*8 
Is ra e lD 
75e in 
7 U 
7 U 
7*8. 
. 

J 
K 
L 

7*4 
6+e J a c ly n 
.4o 
4 
IO 
6+2 
6*8 
6+8 
M U 
1o*4 
J a c o b s 
6 
139 
12U 
12' 8 
1 2 + 8 - 
’ ? 
12 
8 7s J a m s w y 
o5r 
5 
74 n u 
IO '? 
11 
— u 
F U 
IO U 
Jeanne) 
.4o 
5 
121 n u 
1o+8 
1o+4 — 
'4 
3*8 
2*4 J e tro n ic 
4 
31 
2*4 
2*4 
2*4— 
Ie 
BU 
6' 4 Jo h n P d 
.36 
14 
52 
7 U 
6*8 
6*8 
'A 
4+4 
3 
J u n ip e r P 
J u p ite r l l 
8o 
3+2 
3 '8 
3+8- 
'A 
7 
4 U 
4 
18 
6+8 
S' 2 
6 U + 
'4 
578 
4*4 
K T e l In 
45e 
4 
52 
5 '? 
4*4 
5 
- 
*8 
19 
14*4 
K a is rln 
I 26e 9x483o 18'-? 
16U 
17+4 4- 
' B 
5 
3*a K a n e M ill 
WI 
63 
4 
3*4 
3 U - 
'A 
SU 
4 'e K ap o kT 
1or 
7 
7 
4U 
4+8 
4+e. 
7+4 
4+4 K ayC p 
.2o 
8 
43 
7*8 
7+8 
7*8- 
+4 
9'4 
6*4 
K e n w in 
38 
5 X 19 
8+4 
8' 4 
8 + 4 - u 
8 
5' ? K e tc h m lOr 
6 
12 
6+4 
6+? 
6+?— 
Vs 
43+2 
3o' 2 K ew anee 
72 
IO 2oo2 
41+4 
37+4 
3 8U — 
2U 
3 
I U 
K ey 
Co 
5 
2U 
2+? 
2+'? + 
'A 
9*4 
6*4 
K e y s tln d 
.3o 
6 
25 
8 "? 
8 
8+2. 
2'7 
1+8 K id d e w t 
3 
I U 
I U 
I U 
2'A 
I'? 
K in A rk 
9 
31o 
2'A 
2 
2+4.. 
2+4 
1+? K in g O p t 
71 
2'A 
I U 
2+4 + i/a 
87a 
6 U 
K in g R d 
2oe 
6 
38 
7'A 
6*8 
714+ 
Vt 
37 U 
2o' 4 K irb y E x 
IO 
181 
29U 
26+? 
28 
- 
U 
6*8 
3 U 
K it M fg 
7 
52 
4 '4 
4 
4 
— 
Vt 
4+8 
3+4 K le e rV u 
8 
19 
3 U 
3'A 
3* a 
7'4 
6 
K le in e rts 
5 
16 
6+s 
6 
6 
— 
'4 
17+8 
13'? 
K n ic k T o y 
IO 3oo4 
17*4 
15+2 
17'e-h 
VA 
18 
15+8 K o llm r 
.36 
9 
85 
16'4 
15U 
15*8- 
Va 
7*8 
6' a K u h n S lr 
IO 
4 
4o 
6*4 
6+4 
614— 
'A 
378 
2*4 I S B lnd 
I Or 
5 
I 
3*4 
3*4 
3*4 + 
Vs l l 16 
+8 L T V C orp w t 
264 3 16 
Vb 3-6-f I 16 
3U 
2*8 La B a rg e 
o6 
16 
41 
2 '4 
2+7 
2+? 
4 U 
3*4 L a M a u - 
2o 
9 
IO 
4 
3*4 
4 
+ 
+8 
5 +4 
4' 8 L a P o in t 
2oe 
9 
8 
4*8 
4+2 
4+8— u 
1o*8 
8 U 
L a Q u in ta 
7 
39 
VU 
9+8 
9 +8- 
Va 
9+4 
6 
L a fy R a d 
.26 
6 
43 
6*8 
6 + 8 
6*8 + 
+4 
2 U 
2 
L a ke S h o r 
13 
82 
2 U 
2+8 
2 U + 3 16 
IU 
1+4 
L n d m r k 
14 
15 
I U 
I U 
I U - t/4 
■Ti 
T' 
I TV - •> v» 
A 
R t' .■ 
A' 'n 
A' „ 
Lo 

Y early 
H ig h la w 
Sales 
I b d s I H ig h l a w 
N e t la s t C h g. 

2 '? 
2 
L a T o u r B 
8 
13 
2 »4 
2+4 
V t . . 
IO U 
B U L ea R o n 
4oa 
6 
8 
V t 
B’ s 
#7o— " h n u 
9+8 L ea fhC o 
.5o 
7 l l 
IO U to 
1o+4+ 
’ ? 
28+8 
2o*4 L e e E n tr 
6o l l 
75 
24 
23+4 
23'A— u 
2 U 
I U Lee N a tl 
SO 
I U 
I U 
I U - . 
4 U 
I U L e e P h a r 
5 
7 
374 
3 U 
3 U + 
V, 
6' ? 
S U L e h ig h P r 
5 
% 
•V t 
S U 
6+7 + '4 
M U t v ? L e ig h P d 
6o 
6 
8 
F U 
12 
F '4 + 
'A 
2 H 
I U le is u r e T 
54 
7 U 
2 U 
2 U + 
U 
7U 
6' 1 L e v itt in 
24 
5 
2 
6 U 
6 U 
6+8—- 
+4 
8 
5 U L e w is B P .3o 
• 
2o 
8 
7 U 
77o + 
+8 
9 U 
6 U L ib ty F a b 
I 
19 
6 U 
6*8 
6+o— 
'A 
778 
6 'a L ig h to lr 
16 
7 
4 
6 U 
6*4 
6 U 
7 
574 L iftiA n n 
,22 
8 
3 
6*4 
6 U 
6 U 
4 
3 
L in c ln A m 
4 
36 
3 '4 
3 
3 
- 
+o 
9 
5 78 L lo v d s E I 
5 
3 
6 
S’/# 
S U — 
'o 
2 U 
2 U L o d g e s 
o8e 
6 
132 
2 U 
2+8 
2 '/8 ~ 
’4 
19’ ? 
16U L o h m n 
8oa 
7 
54 
W *8 
17U 
1 8 U - 
Mi nu 
7+8 L o e w T b e w t 
368 
774 
7 U 
7 + 8 - 
14 
1578 
7 '4 L o g ic o n 
IO 
15o 
M U 
13 
1 4 U + 
V A 
3' 1 
2 U L o g is tic lOe 
6 
96 
3 '? 
3 '4 
3V4.. 
73 U 
I8*s uaG e riS v 
82 
6 
38 
TOU 
1974 
2 o U + 
U 
28+4 
77 
L ou is Ce 1.32 
8 
7 
27'4 
27 
2 7 '4 + 
Va 
SU 
3 '4 L u n d y E l 
15 
22 
S U 
5 
5 
- 
H 
4 
2 ' ? L y n c h C p 
3 
79 
3 ’A 
2+2 
3+4 + 
V t 
I ' 2 
I 
L y n n w e a r 
13 
V A 
V B 
V A — 
'A 

9 
M 
- N - O 
4 
M P O 
3 
9 
6 U 
6+2 
6 'A— 
+6 
77o 
7 
M W A 
.4o l l 
7 
I l l 16 M a c ro d 
3 
95 
17 
15' ? 
M eP bS 
1.4o 6 
21 
8*4 
4+j M a rrio tt! 
.3o 14 2738 

7*8 
5*4 
7*o 
26*8 
11*4 
39*4 
4+8 
11+8 
514 

28 

5 '? 
4+4 M a n tiL fe 
28 
6 '? 
4 '8 M a n s fT 
o2r 
I Vb 13 ’ 6 M a r in d q 
18* s 
15+8 M a rk CII 
6*» M a rle n e 
4' ? M a rs h Fd 
6 '4 M a rs h In 
18+8 M a rtP r 
4o 
87o M a s ln d 
4oa 
35 
M a s n e iln .6o 
3*8 N e s te rs 
8' ? M a te rR e .28 
4+4 M a u l Br 
14b 
+ ? 5 16 M c C ro r y w t 
4+4 
2 U 
M c C u lO 
22'? 
16 
M c ln ts h 
.84 
8 
4'? 
3*8 M cK e on 
14*4 
12' ? M e a nsF LOS 
8 
9'2 
7 U 
M e d a lst 
AA 
7 
2+4 
V ? 
M e d a ln G p 
19 
2+4 
1+4 M e d c o J w 
13 
9 U 
BU 
M edenco 
28 
6 
6+2 
5+4 M e d fie ld 
4 
2o 
16 
M e d iaG n 
.4o 
7 
15+4 
2oU 
9+2 
16’ 8 
M e g o ln t 
M E M G o 
2o 
I 
3 
6 
3 
I 
M e rc n tile 
17+4 
S U 
M e tex 
.3o 
4 
19+8 
14*8 
M e t p f h 
14 
L U IS 16 M e tro c a r 
2*4 
I 
M e tro G rt 
4 7e 
3 U 
M ic h G e n 
4 
1278 
IO U M ichS ug 
I 
8 
6' ? 
5 
M ic k lb ry 
16 
16 
5*8 
4*6 M id ld C o 
.1o 
8 
12*4 
1o+e M id lG Is 
28 
6 
7U 
6*8 M ille r 
H l l 
77*4 
19*8 M ille r W o 
6o 
9 
16*4 
F U 
M ilR o y 
M is s n lT 
25 
8 
2 
I U 
16 
64 M is s n lT w t 
44 U 
3 V ? 
M o P fc R 1.46 
7 
19' 1 
35' ? M itc h lE 
12 
9 
IOU 
7’ o M ite C p 
.2o 
7 
7+2 
5*4 
M d M a id .lOr 
4 
5+8 
52 
12*8 
6+s 
6'4 
5 
17*8 l l ' a 
2 
5 
8*4 
3*8 
24 7 B 
678 
6' i 
+8 
278 
12'? 
12'? 
4'? 
5*4 
5*e 
13*8 
5*4 
1*4 
3’ ? 
I 7 8 
31*4 
17’ a 
1+8 
36+? 
1o+8 
19'a 
2o*4 
21'? 
7’ ? 
17b 
15+8 
5 
3 '8 
6*8 
3*8 
’ 16 
16+8 
9'8 
56'4 
3*4 
13'8 
13*e 
4*8 
11*8 
19 
7’ 8 
45*4 
9 '4 
1o*8 
22*4 
39 
7*4 
2+8 
1 6 '/ 
8' ? 
2*8 
4*8 

*o 
+? 
187b 
17' 4 
16 
157 a 
15'? 
147a 
27'a 
3o'4 
31 
13+8 
29 
255b 
25 
24'4 
27 
25' 4 
27+a 
13*8 
18' 4 
21 
52+4 
54*8 
57*b 
92 
19*4 
63' ? 
35 
1*4 
5*4 
6 
5*e 
12 
3'4 
27* b 
3'a 
6' ? 
9*8 
157b 
6'4 
IOU 
1o+8 
33U 
5+8 
14*8 
5’ a 
1 *8 
24U 
17+4 
8*4 
878 
18*8 
778 
3*8 
IO' ? 
2*8 
2+4 
1o*8 
6*4 
32 
4oU 
22 
8*8 
13*4 
5*8 
14'? 
3*4 
7+8 l l ' ? 
15+e 
34U 
6' ? 
24' a 
3'8 
2*4 
15'a 
14*4 
27a 
12*8 
1o*8 
27b 
47a 
5' ? 
53 
8*o 
3+4 
6+4 
6 '? 
7*8 r n 
2U 
45’ ? 
SU 
1+8 
2 
13 
4*B 
9+e 
21+4 
24 
IS1 a 
1+4 
6 U 
35'? 
3+8 
16' 8 l l 
21 
2*4 
3 
7’ 8 
13*8 
2 
19 
2*4 
+4 
27 
23'8 
?37a 
1o+e 
19' 8 
2 
3*4 
5+8 
8 
3o*4 
287» 
16'8 
15*8 
47o 
17*8 
3+4 
15 
2'? 
5*8 
*8 
6'4 
7+8 
2 Iii 
9 
12' ? 
2o 

4+b M o n M g t 
.4o 
5 
49 
M o n P p f4 4o 
1o'ii M oog 
.6o 
7 
5*8 M tg G th 
48e 34 
4*8 M o rto n s 
.32 
4 
3* 4 M o tt SM 
.o8 
7 
14*4 M tV M il I 2o 
7+4 M o v S ta r 
.44 
I U M o v ie la b 
4’ b M u lti A m .2o 
7*s N apco lOe 
3 
N a rd a M 
18+b N a t CSS .2o 
5+? N D is tr 
16 
4+8 N a tH lth E w i 
+4 N a t In d w f l 7a N K in n e y 
6+4 N tP a ra g 
4o 
8*4 N I P a te n t 
26 

6 
8 
8 
7 
2o 39 
7 
4 

W a N f S ilv e r 
15e 
2*4 N fS pinn g 
18 
3+s N a tS yst .1oe 
6 
IO 
N a tw H o 
.36 
7 
3'4 N e isn er l+.i N e lly D o n 
I '? Nelson 
L B l l 
1>? N e s tl M 
25 
26U N E N u c lr 
5o IO 
12+8 N H a m p 
4oa 
9 
1 
N ld ria 
o4e 
8 
247e N M ex A r 
118 
8*o N P ro c 
63e 
9 
15'? N Y T im e s 
6o 
9 
N e w b E n 
4ob 
16' ? N e w co r 
1b 
4+e N e w p rk f 
I U N e xus 
M f 
13+e NI ag ESV .56 
4 
N ic h o ls 
27* 
2*8 N o e l In d 
< 
3* 8 Not ex 
: 
2' ? N o rle k 
.o4 
' b N o A m M t w t . 
12*8 N o rA m R 
IO 
7+4 N orC dnO 
52 
N IP S p f 4.25 
2 
N ovoC p 
4 
N u c lD ta 
IO 
N u m a cO 
3*8 O E A In c 
9 
O a k w d H 
15'4 O ffs h o re 
5*4 O h io A rt 
3 7'a O hioB 
7* 4 Oh Sealy 
7*8 O lla ln d 
17 
O nL in eS 
33 
O O kiep 
6 
O rio le H o 

29 
79 
146 
188 
36 
3 
3 
11o 
88 
9 
47 
21 
33 
8 
454 
252 
145 
17 
27 
27 
26 
139 
42 
62 
745 
51 
6 
49 
81 
7 
22 
71 
61 
52 
21 
3o 
27 
445 
132 
58 

4o 
296 
38o 
6 
6 
Zl5o 
58 
17 
19 
34 
25 
1 
8 
69 
71 
9 
18 
2 
22 
48 
5 
299 
924 

7+8 
Vs 
16+8 
8*4 
51/4 
6 
I 
16'? 
6+8 
4+8 
6*4 
23*8 
11'4 
39 
4*4 
IO'? 
4+? 
+? 
3*8 
19*4 
4 
12*4 
8*4 
144 
1*8 
9'a 
5*4 
16+e 
1o+4 
2o+8 
I Va 
9+8 
15*4 
1*8 
2*o 
3+8 
11*8 
5+4 
5’ a 
11*8 
7+? 
25'4 
13*4 
1*8 

6'/? 
5+8 
5' ? 

7+8 
7Vo— 
’ 8 
V4 13 16-L1-16 
16*8 
16+e+ 
V? 
8*4*- 17o 
51/4*- 
'o 
57o4 
'o 
I 
4 3 -1 6 
16'4— 
+? 
67o........... 
444— 
*8 
6*4 4 
1/4 
231o4 
+8 
1 1 'o 4 
*o 
39 
4 
Vt 
AVa— 
1o'/?4- 
4 *o ........... t/,4 1 -1 6 
3'/8— 
'o 
19*84 
1+4 
3*4— 
Va 
12*4— 
'o 
8 *4 4 
V, 
1*4— 
+o 
I Vt— 
+o 
9 1o4 
Vt 
5 *8 4 
'/4 
16+8— 
*4 lOVe— 
'A 
1944-*- 
*o 
IV? 4 
Va 
8*8- - 
*4 
1 5 *8 4 
48 r n --------- 
21o— 
Va 
3 * 4 - ll'/ 4 + 
5+8.. 
478— 
11'/4— 
7V?4 
247o4 
12+8- 
1+'?— 

15*8 
6*o 
4*4 
6*8 
22 
1o 
38*4 
4 '4 
9*8 
4+! 
7 16 
3 '8 
18'4 
3*4 
12*8 
8 'o 
1*4 
Y A 
8+? 
5*8 
16+8 
9+'? 
19+e 
114 
8*8 
14*8 
I +4 
2 'o 
3*4 
1o*4 
5 
47o 
I I 
7 
23*8 
127o 
IV? 

*/4 

Vi? 

+4 
Va 
1+8 

2 1 6 4 I 64 1 6 4 

2o 
o9r 

24a 
2 
.48 
4oe 

2o 
36 
52 
14 
J 
2 
57 
4 
76 
53 
279 
16 
156 
» 
45o 
7x2o1 
I 
9 
295 i 
2 
I 
24 
! 
57 
13 
I 
86 
I 
51 
4o 
I 
IOO 
I 
5o8 
Z16o 
12 
113 
162 
6 

1*4 O rm a n d 
12*4 O S u llvn 
.6o 
6 *e O u td rS p lOe 
1*b O x fc rd F t 
3*b O z a rk A 
1oe 

I ' a P F In d 
'o PN B M R Wi 
1 8 P S A Inc w t 
16+8 P G E p f A 1.5o 
15*8 P G E p fB 137 
14+4 P G E p fC 1.25 
14 
P G E p f D 125 
14'o P G E p fE 1.25 
13+4 P G E p fG I 2o 
2678 P G E p fV 2.32 
27*4 P G E p fT 2 54 
28'4 P G E p fS 2.62 
12*8 P G E p fH 112 
26' 4 P G E p f R 7.37 
23*8 P G E p f P 2 o5 
22*4 P G E p fO 
2 
22 
P G E p fM 196 
25 
P G E p fL 2.25 
22*4 P G E p fK 2.o4 
25*4 P G E p f J 2 32 
12+8 P G E p f I 1o9 
11 Vs P H o ldg 
.16 
15' ? P H o ld p f 12o 
48'4 P a c L t pf4.36 
5o+4 P a c L t p f4 5o 
52+4 P a c L t pf4.75 
84*8 P a c L t pt7.64 
18U P N w T e l 1.32 
57 
P a c P L p f 
5 
29’ ? P a llC o rp 
.8o 
+8 P a lo m r F 
I 
3+? P a n d e lB 
4*8 P a n ta s t 
4+? P a ra P k 
IO U P a rk C h 
2*8 P a rk E I 
21*e P arsons 
2+4 P a tF a sh 
4 
P afa go n 
6' ? P atoC 
L2oe 
13' 4 P e b b lB 
6o 
5*o P e e rT u 
2oa 
6' ? P e m co r 
.2o 
9+e Pen E M 
6oa 
27*4 Pen T r 
1.4o 
V t P E C p 
84t 

6 
29 
5 
3o 
3o l l 
7o 
12 z8oo 
14 l l 
34 l l 
47 l l 
132 

44*8 
39*8 
8 '4 
5+e 
5’ o 
5 o's 
11*4 
6+8 
4+8 
4*8 
15'8 
9*8 
IV? ava 
8+4 
3*8 
2o+8 
6*o 
4*o 
7 16 
2+8 
7 * 8 l l ’ ? 
4*o 
5*4 
5 
1o+8 
5 
1+4 
3 
I '? 
27 
16 
1*8 
31*4 
9*8 
19’ 8 
2o' ? 
18*8 
6*8 
1 Va 
13*4 
5 
2 '? 
3*4 
2*4 
+8 
14 
8*4 
53 
2+? 
11+8 
1o*8 
3*8 
9*4 
16'4 
6'? 
43 
9+4 
8+4 
18+4 
33+8 
7 
2+? 
13*4 
8 
2 
3+8 

43 
37*8 
7*8 
57/o 
5 '4 
49 l l 
5*4 
4*4 
4+, 
14+8 
9*8 
1*8 
4+4 
7+8 
3 'o 
19*8 
6+2 
4*o 
*o 
2+8 
6+4 
1o*4 
4 
4*8 
4*8 
1o*8 
5 
1+4 
3 
I ' ? 
26+4 
14'? 
1*8 
3o*4 
8*8 
17*8 
17'? 
18+8 
5*4 r n 
13+e 
4*4 
2*8 
3*o 
2+? 
Vt 
13 
8*o 
53 
2*o 
1o+? 
IO 
3’ ? 
9*o 
15+? 
6-'b 
41+2 
9 
8 
17 
33 
6*4 
2*o 
13*8 
7*4 
1*4 
3*o 

*/4 
43+?+ 
39 
— 
8+o + 
57o . . . 
5*8-*- 
5o+8+ I ’ 8 
'o 

 l l * 
6+8 + 
4+8 . 
4 '/,— 
147o— 
9*8 
1+2. . 
4 '/,+ 
8+4 + 
31o- 
19*4— 
6 ' a— 
4*8 + 
*o .. 
2+8— 
7 
— l l 
+ 
4 '4 + 
5 '2 + 
47o - 
1 o * 8 - 
5 
.. 
1+4— 
3 
. 
1+2. . 
27 
.. 
14+8— 
1*8 + 
3o*4— 
9+4.. 
19 
+ 
19*4 + 
18+e— 
*4 
6 * 8 + 
Ve 
1+4— 
+8 
13*o— 
+o 
5 
+ 
+8 
2 *o— 
+8 
3 *8............ 
2 *8 ........... 
'e - 1 - 1 6 
13 
— 
+4 
8*4 + 
' 4 
53 
........... 
2 *o........... 
1o+e— 
Vt 
1o+4— 
Va 
3+a......... 
9*o— 
16+4 + 
6*8. 
42*8— 
9+4 + 
8 
— 
18 
. 
33+a.. 
6* 4— 
V a . . 
13*8+ 

IV? 

1*o 
2 

Vs 

Vt 

2 
+ 
3*o . 

.3o 
.2o 
48a lOe 
8o 

-Q-R 
185 
74 
1 
51 
3 
4 
. 
12 
. 
5 i 
. l l 
6 
454 
85 
.. 
12 
274 
. 
387 
. 
398 
16o 
9 
. 
6o 
5 
2 
9 
23 
I 
Z254o 
Z134o 
. Z15o 
Z2o5o 
9 
157 z125 
14 x93 
3 
69 
51 

1*8 
1 va r n — 

12+? P e n R IE 1.15 l l 
3*4 PenobS 
2oe 
7s P e n fro n 
6 
19*4 P ep B oys 
1b 
6 
14' I PepC om 
6o 
4 
7+4 Per in i 
3oa 
4 
6' 1 P erte c 
8 
14'a P e tro L e 
12 
6*4 P h ilL D 
63r 
3 
2 
P h o e n ix 
8' ? P ic N P a y .2o 
6 
1*8 P ie d m n f 
I U P io n e e rs 
7' 1 P io n T e x 
8o 
6 
6 'b P itW V a 
56a l l 
23 
P itD M 1.2oa 
5 
35' 4 P ittw a y 12o IO 
18*8 P la c rD v 
.8o 12 
6 
P la n te d 
94 
IO 
P la n trn 
o8 13 
4 '4 P ly G e m .2oe 
6 
1o+e PneuSca 
8o 
2*b P oloron 
6*o P o ly c h r 
8*4 P ra irie O z 
12*b P ra ttL m b 
I 
7 
3o 
P ra tL pt2 25 
S' ? P ra ttR d 
3o 
6 
21U P re n H a 1.12 12 
2+4 P re s R tA 
1+8 P re s R IB 
9 '? P re sle y 
12*8 P re sto n 
2 
P rim M t l l ’ 8 P rp C T 12oe IO 
9*8 P ro vG a s 
8o 
6 l 7e P rd R IE 
2o 83 
3 '? P ru d B d g 
24 
5 
3 U P ru d G p 
36 
48' ? PSCol pf4 25 
6 '» P u lte H 
6 
2*o P u n ta G 
13 
47a P u re p a c 
o6e l l 

88 
7 
7 
4 
3oo 
17 
93 
77 
151 
24 
81 
11 
6 
159 
13 
5 
63 
12 
19 
6o 
376 
73 
34 
3o3 
27 
19 
35 
69 
5o 
38 
11o 
I 
27o 
242 
IO 
8 z 15o 
15o 1o6 
8 
47 
14 
26 
7 
2o 
34o 
7 
4 
14 1838 
.7o IO 
53 
12t IO 
9 
46 
6 
28 
38 
9 
ZlOO 
156 
18 

5' t Q uebecor 
6 'b R S Ind 
o8e 
6 
I U R E D M 
5 
1*8 R E T 
427o R E T p* 4.38 
4+4 R H M ed 
5 
1*o R P S P d 
1*8 R S C Ind 
8 
1o*4 R LC C p 
12a 
4 
3+s Recon 
2oa 
6 
6*o R agan B 
15e 
5 
15*e R a n c h E x 
27 
17*4 R a n g rO 
55 
11*8 R a n s b rg .8o 
7 
*4 R a p d A m w f 
. 
3( ? R a th P 
21+4 R a y m P ,57e 22 
I 
R e ad in g 
14'? R eal E s! 1.2o 14 
9 '? R tin c T L15e 
7 
18*b R llR e f 2 .15e IO 
2+4 R e d la w 
21 
I Va R eevesT 
16 
6 
R e f r ig T r 
5 
8+e R egal B 
.52 l l 
13 16 R e lG rp w t 
13*4 R e m A r 
8oa 
7 l* e R e p H o u s 
' 8 R e p M tln wt 
24*8 R e pN Y 
17*4 R eschC tl 
18'? R e s is tflx 
8 ' a R e s rts A 
17 
R e s rts B 
I U Rest Asse 
2 'b R e x N o re 
3 
R 1 b l et Pd 
57s R ic h to n 
1578 R ile y C o 
24*8 R io A tg m 
R isdon 
4o 
11+8 R obntch 
3+8 R o b lin lOe 
12 
R o c k w a y 
I 
2*o R o c o r l l 
R o g e rs 
1+8 R oncoT 
4+e R ossm r 
*e R o y B u s F 
4*4 R u d d ic k ,12e 
6 ' ? R u d ic k p f .56 
I ' ? R u s c o 
7*« R ussell 
44 
8 '? R u s tC ft 
.4o 
16 
R v a n H 
.5o 

2o 
6o 
14 
157 
IO 
88 
18 
18 
93 
168 
73 
68 
1o7 
1o5 
45 
149 
33 
IO 
45 
16 
96 
2 
15 
16 
51 
14o 
123 
45 

I 
5 
24 
o8 15 
598 
6o 
7 
35 
14 
629 
2 5z195o 
16 
51 
4 
1o4 
3o 
3 
12o 
9 
412 
I IO 
31 
83 
135 
111 
17 
14 
15 
29 
17 
I 
24 
7 
294 
1o1 
166 
445 

9 ’ a 
.17+4 
2*o 
5*4 
15+? y, 1 

44 
5 
IO 
8 
o 
IO 

S - T - I J 

+8 leu 
16 
14*4 
15*8 
15+4 
MIB 
27+8 
29*4 
3o+4 
13'? 
28 
24'B 
24 
2314 
25+8 
24’ ? 
27*8 
12*4 
16*e 
21 
52 
53'? 
55+? 
89*« 
19+4 
59'a 
34'B 
1*o 
4 
5'B 
5+8 
I 1*o 
2+? 
27*e 
2*e 
6' 8 
8+4 
15+8 
6'8 
9*8 
1o*8 
33+8 
3*4 
12+8 
378 
I 
21 Vt 
16 
8 
7+8 
17 V? 
V t 
2+4 
9 
I '? 
I '? 
8 +e 
6*B 
27+e 
36*o 
2o+e 
7*4 
11*8 
5'/4 
13 '-4 
3+8 
7*8 
9*o 
13+e 
31*B 
5+8 
22+8 
2+8 
2+'? 
15+8 
14*8 
2*8 
11+o 
1o'/4 
2+7 
3+8 
4*4 
5o'? 
8 *e 
27b i 
5+e 
6 
7+? 
I ' ? 
ITB 
44 
4*4 
1*o 
1 */4 
12+? 
4*8 
7 Va 
2o 
2o'B 
IS ive 
4 Va 
33*8 
2+8 
15 
IO'a 
2o+a 
2 Va 
2 Va 
6*o 
13*8 lie 
18 
2 '? 
Vs 
25' o 
23 
2o+4 
1o+2 
18+4 
I ' 2 
2 ’ ? 
3+? 
6+2 
3o 
28 
14/o 
13*8 
4*o 
15 
2V? 
11*8 
2'B 
4*8 
*8 
6*o 
7+8 
2+8 
9 
11*8 
16*4 

'o 
17*8 
16 
14' ? 
14+2 
M>o 
13+8 
26+8 
28’ 1 
29*8 
13'8 
26*4 
23*8 
22*4 
22*8 
25’ 1 
23’ ? 
26*8 
12+8 
16+a 
21 
49+2 
52 
55 
85'? 
18*8 
58+? 
33+2 
I U 
3*4 
5 
4+e 
11+8 
2*8 
25*4 
2+4 
5+? 
7+e 
14+2 
5+e 
9+4 
1o 
32*4 
311 
12+a 
3+o 
+8 
2o*4 
15’ a 
7*8 
6' ? 
17 
7*8 
2+8 
8+ 2 
1*o r n 
7+e 
6 '? 
26'B 
35*o 
2o7 8 
6*4 
1o*8 
5 
12*4 
2+8 
7 
9 
12*4 
31 
5'A 
22'A 
2*8 
2'B 
12*8 
13’4 
2+8 
11 Vt 
1o 
2*8 
3+? 
4*8 
5o'/? 
77a 
2*4 
5*4 
5+8 
6+8 
1*8 
1*8 
44 
4'B 
1*8 
1*4 
1 V o 
3+8 
6+8 
18+8 
19+e 
13*8 
1 
3+7 
32*8 
2*/4 
14*4 
1o*8 
2o'B 
2 V, 
2+a 
6 
11*8 
1 
17+4 
2+4 
+8 
24*4 
21+4 
19' ? 
8*4 
17' 8 
1*8 
2*8 
3 
5+8 
2 7U 
26*8 
14+8 
12+8 
4*8 
14+2 
2*8 
11 'A 
2 
4*o 
*o 
6+4 
7*8 
1+o 
8+2 
11 
16 

1/4 

Va 

Va 

1 7 *o - 
16 
+ 
14+2. . 
14+o-— 
15+4 + 
14 
— 
27 
.. 
2 8 * 8 - 
29*8— 
13+4— 
2 7'o— 
2 4 'e + 
2 3 + 4 - 
23 
+ 
25+s. 
2311 - 
•z 7' 8 + 
12' o- I 
1 6 *8 - 
+8 
21 
........... 
SO' ?........... 
52' e f 
'n 
55 
— 
1 j 
89*4— 
1 8 
19 
+ 
*8 
5 8 '? + 
+? 
3 3 *8 - 
*8 
1* 8 + 
'8 
4 
+ 
+8 
5+4— 
'o 
5' e + 
'A n u ......... 
2* 8- 
+8 
26 
+ 
'o 
2' ?........... 
5*4— 
' 7 
8 
— 
+8 
15+4+ IU 
6+8 + 
*o 
9* 8— 
'8 
1 o + o - 
Vt 
33 
........... 
3*8- 
+8 
12*4 
3+s........... 
+ 8 - 
+8 
21+4+ 
*8 
16 
7 *8 - 
+4 
6*o- 
*8 
17*o— 
VB 
7+8........... 
2 'o ........... 
8' ?— 
1 ? 
1*o .. 
1V? + 
8+o........... 
6*4 -f 
'a 
26+4— 
' 2 
3 5 * 8 - I '? 
2o+8+ V t 
7'. ? + 
* 8 
11*o+ 
+4 
5 
— 
*8 
1 3 'o + 
*4 
3 
+ 
'8 
7*8 + 
'4 
9 
— 
12+8— 
31*4 + 
5*4 + 
22+4— 
2+8 + 
2+2 + 
14*8 + 
14*8 + 
2*8 + 
I HB­ 
IO 
- 
2' ?.. 
3*4 + 
4* o - 
5o'? + 
8*8 + 
2*4- 
57/B + 
57/8 - 
7' ? + 
1*o— 
1*8— 
44 
+ 
4*4 + 
IV * .. 
1*4 
12*8-+ 
4V8+ 
7 
— 
19*8.. 
19*4— 
14*4 
I 
- 
+o 
3 * 8 - 
Vt 
3 3 '? + 1*8 
2+4— 
Vt 
14*4— 
'o 
1o*8+- 
Vt 
2 o '? ........... 
V A ......... 
2 '? ........... 
6+8— 
’ 2 
13*o+ 1*4 
I 
’ B 
17*o+ 
*8 
2* 8— 
1 8 

25 
— 
23 
-+ 
1 9 * 4 - 
1 o 1 4 + 
18+4 + 
I V? + 
2*8— 
3+4 — 
6V4— 
29+4 + 
27*4 + 
14’4 ........... 
13+o+ 
7 e 
4*8+- 
Va 
15 
+ 
Vt 
2+?........... 
1 1 * 8 - 
+8 
2V4+ 
1/4 
4+'?......... 
* 8 - 1 1 6 
6V4— 
+8 
7*4 + 
'A 
1 + o - 
+8 
8+4........... 
1 1 * o - 
VB 
16 
— 
+8 

*8 
2+4 

2 
1*o 

Vt 

4+ I 

 l* e 

I' 

7*8 SG L 
,16r 
6 
1*8 SGSec 
157b SGSe p f 17o .. 
2+4 S M D 
A 
4 'a S S P Ind 
,33e IO 
11+4 S TP C o 
8o 
12 

3o 
HO l l 
2 
IS 
227 

8 '8 
1*o 
16' a 
2*o 
4*o 
14*4 
11 

7*o 
1*8 
16' 2 
2+4 
4*o 
13*4 l l . 

8 
1+2. . . 
16+2 + 
2 '4 . 
. 
4*8 + 
1 4 'v - 

Y c o rtv 
H ig h lo w 

 l7 U 
7*4 
1O7o 
117o 
• 9 " ? 
29*o 
M U 
1*8 l f *4 
37o 
IO'.4 
7*4 
12 
3*8 
7*8 
7Tt 
2*8 
21' t 

 r n 
7 

(h d * ) H ig h la w 

63e 
88 
I 

IO U S alem 
6 
S C arlo 
V A SOOD pf n 
SDgo p f 
84' 2 SDgo p f 7 8o 
TSU s a g o p f 2 68 l l 
S F rR E 
3oe 24 
At S E R E w f 
16*4 S anJW 
1.4 
3 U S arge nt 
7+s S a u n d rL 
.I 
6 U S cheibE 
.5 
85o S che n uit 
6( 
2 ** S ch ille r 
6*8 S choolP 
5*o S chrad er 
1*4 SciAAgf 
16 
Sci A tta 

372 
43 
I 
I i m 
21 
56 

16' 
6*4 
1o+4 
11*4 
87 
28*4 
127» 

MU 
6 'f 
IO',4 l l '4 
87 
28"? 
I l ’ a 

N a t 
I a rt C h g 
! | ’ o~ 
6 'b — 
1o'4— 
11+4 
17 
_ 
21' ?- 
12*8 + 

1+o t i 

1 8 1 5 1 6 1 5 1 6 1 5 16 

4o 
.3o 
o9e 

2o*8 
16*8 S c u rry R 
IO 
S U S b d A IM il 
4o 
4 
2*4 S e a lctro 
I"? 
*4 S eaport 
61o 
3V? S eaprt pf .56 
4 ’ j 
2 'o S e a rs ln d 
25 
IO 
SeasnAII 
26 
3+8 
2'A S ecM tg In 
5 16 5 32 S e c M tln w t 
6*4 
SIB SelasCp 
.3o 
I 
Se! ig Asse 
4Va S em tch 
. 18t 
5 
S ervisco 
.31 
4 
S ervo 
7 '8 SetonCO 
.45 
3 Va Sh a er S 
.2Se 
12+8 Sharon 
I 
8V? S tia w ln .5ob 
1 *4 S h e ltrR 
6+2 ShndCp 
24t 
3 o '/? ShenanO 
2 'b S hop w e ll 

1*8 
5*8 
6*8 
874 
9+o 
4'. 8 
M U 
9 7a 
2*8 
7 '? 
28V? 
3 
19 
3 
8+4 
IO U 
97/B 
3 '8 
9+8 
37o l l 
3+4 
2 
2*4 
1o+4 
S'A 
15*4 
8 7o 
13+4 
13*4 
13*4 
15'? 
24 
19'4 
17*8 
78',A 
27+? 
95 
1o4*4 IOO 
1o7 
1o1 
22*8 
18 
5+2 l l ' a 
6' 8 
8*8 
5 
2*8 

15*4 Showbot 
I 
S h u lm T r 
5 U S ie rrc in 
2o 
9' ? S ifc o ln d 
.SC 
6*o S igm a 
26< 
2*e S ikesC p A 
6 7e S ilo Inc 
27B S im coS .25b 
8 'b S im k in s 
8o 
178 S im p le x 
1*8 S itkin S R 
1+o S o litro n 
8 '4 S on d erB r .31 
4 '8 Sorg 
P aper 
11+4 Soundsn 
4( 
8 
SbestCap 8C 
12 
SCEd pf LO 

12' 4 SCEd p f 1o8 
13' ? SCEd pf L 19 
2o' ? SCEd p f 1.68 
16+ b SCEd p f 1.4! 
16 
SCEd pf 13o 
2 6 + b SCEd pf2.3o 
2 5 'i SCEd p f2 21 
'2 SCEd pf7.58 
SCEd p f 8 7o 
SCEd p f8 9 6 
18*4 S w s tA irl 
.28 
6 
4 U S w tG E in .2o 
5 
9*4 S pa rte k 
.4o 
8 
5+o S p e c lty R 
5 
6 ’ 4 S pecfor ,1oe 33 
3+8 S pectro 
.121 
4 
I U SpedOP 
U t l l 

3 
7 x24 
17’4 
17 
17 
+ 
+8 
6 
1o9 r n 
3 U 
3 *o - u 
o 
3 x44 
# u 
7 U 
I 
_ 
<A t 
9 
4o 
7 
6*4 
6 U - 
'4 a 6 
48 i m 
IO 
11U + 
U 
28 
15 
27o 
2 U 
2 U 
. 
6 
9 
7 
7 
7 
+ 
' u 
I 
7 
47 
6’4 
S U 
6 
13 
12 
2 
2 
2 
7 l l 
74 
18 
17'A 
1717+ 
"'it 
■ 
5 zF 5o 
31U 
3 oU 
3 1 U 4 u 
1 
5 
13 
M U 
14 
14'o + 
'A 
9 
I 
W U 
W U 
16*o- 
+? 
) 
4 
2 
9 U 
9 U 
9 + o - 
VA 
13 
49 
3+8 
2 U 
27e— 
U 
9 
9 
V/4 
1 '4 l ie . . . 
745o 
57o- 
S U 
57/e.. . 
28 
3 U 
2 7/i 
3 U + 
'+ 4 
* 15 
676 
22’A 
W A 
22 
- 
•A 
148 
2’ a 
2+8 
2 * 8 - 
+8 
48 3 16 5 32 5 32— I 
16 
7 
28 
5 U 
5'/4 
S U — 
+7 
24 
1+8 
I 
I 
— 
U 
I 
8 
13 
4 U 
41? 
4+t— 
U 
) 
5 
26 
5+2 
5 
5*o - 
+8 
9 
44 
5*8 
5 
5 U — 
Vt 
8 
7 
8 7o 
S U 
8 U + u 
7 
7 
3*8 
3 U 
3 U 
I 
7 
39 
13 
12+4 
1 2+ 4- 
'A 
8 
43 
9+8 
B U 
9+8 . 
1o4 
2'/4 
174 
2+4-*- 
''4 
I '5 
8 
67e 
6 U 
67/8. - 
16 
353 
$3 
2o'? 
23 
+ 
-U l l 
18 
2 U 
2 U 
2 U + 
14 

6 
17 
18+7 
17 U 
18+?+ u 
241 
V A 
I 
V A + 
'A 
8 
27 
7 '? 
7 Vt 
7'/4— 
+8 
) 
5 l l 
IO U 
IO 
IO 
— 
’A 
> 
7 
147 
9 U 
8+4 
914 + 
VA 
I 
2*8 
2 U 
2 * 6 - 
Va 
4 
29 
7 U 
7 
7’ ?. 
IO 
25 
I 
3 U 
3+o 
3+8— 
U 
6 
IO 
IO 
IO 
- 
'A 
13 
88 
3 '4 
274 
3 + 8 ... 
IO 
F 4 
I U 
F o + 
'A 
97 
2 
I U 
2 
+ 
+8 
2 
5 
32 
1o*8 
9 U 
9 7 o - 
'A 
14 
5 '? 
5'/4 
51,?+ 
+4 
) 
5 
9o 
11U nu 
1 1 U + 
'A 
) 49 
2 .. 
4 
8*4 
8*4 
BU x13 
13 
F U 
1 2 U + 
'U 
6 x33 
13+4 
12'? 
12' a— 
*8 
17 
13U 
F U 
13 
— u 
38 
M IB 
M U 
1 4 U + 
'A z5o 
2 3'A 
23’A 
23+?— 
'A 
5 
. X?4 
W U 
17U 
1 7 U + 
Vt 
28 
17+4 
167o 
17 '4 + u 
79 
27*4 
26U 
2 7 'b . 
47 
26 U 
26 
2 6 *8 - 
' u 
151 
92 
9o+? 
9 V 4 — 
I U 
8 1o2U 
1o2U 
1o1U + 
+ 4 
I 1 o5 's 
145 
2o*8 
19o 
5 
17 
14 
37 
17 

1o5' 8 1o5+o— 
183/4 
2o*8 + 

 l u l l 16 S p e iz m n 

5 
1o*4 
6 Vs 
6*8 
4*o 
2 '8 

4*o 
1o*8 
5 7o 
6 '? 
4V« 
2 

5 
1o*4 + 
6 
— 
6 *o— 
4 * o ... 
2 

AV 
7*4 
6*8 
6 ' b 
18'? 
6 U 
16'B 
4+o 
I? i r s 
25' 

2*8 Spencer 
4*b S pe n crF ,o8i 
5 + b S plenfex .48 
4 * 8 S ta ffrd L 
15'a S td A lln 
I 
5Vs StdCont .15r 
14 
StdCoosa 
9o 
3 
S td M e tl 
9 'a S tdM ot A .4o 
8 U S tdP acC p 
2o 
2o*o S td P ro d 1.4o 

215 1615 1615 16— I 16 
27o 
2*o 
2*o— 

7e 9 16 S fd P ru d 
27 
147o 
6*8 
12*8 
IV 
17’ ? 
8 '? 
21+? 
1*o 
3 
5*s 
12*8 
5 'a 
1*8 
4+4 
23U 
1o*4 
18 'a 
7 't 
17'? 
4'? 
S U 

W t 
24+4 S tdS hrs .4or 
6*8 S tange 
.12 
9 
5*4 S ta n A v 
.2oe l l 
S tar Sup 
.76 
4 
1 
S ta rd u s t 
14*8 S ta rrtH o 
36 
6 
6*o S te e lm t ,24b 13 
15*8 StepnC h 
.6o 
8 
I 
S te r lE l 
9 
6 
5 
8 
7 
5 
6 
6o IO 
45e 
6 
2ob 31 

5' 
12*4 

24*8 
16'? 
7 *8 l 7e 
4*8 
15 
2o’ 

3* 
5’ 8 
177o 
8*o 
18 
7 16 
4+e 

28 
.4o lOe 
.12b 
.14 

2+? S te rl E x t 
IO 
3*4 S te v c o k n it 
77a S tru tW 
.3o 
4 '4 SueAnn 
.24 
*4 S u m m it 
3 U S u n C ity l .25 
16'.1 S unE lec 
8+8 S un a ir 
12 
Sundnc 
6'/e S unshJr 
16 
SupFdS 
3*8 S upercr 
5*8 Sup Ind I 
5 
S upS urg 
2+8 Susqueh 
IO U Susqhn p f 25k 
*8 7 16 S u trM tg 
WI 
7+4 
5*8 S ynaloy 
3ob 
17'? S yntex 
5o 
13+o SyscoCp 
.4o 
5 
4Sys»Eng 
1*o T F I 
1 
3*4 T a lle y ln w t 
13+4 T a n d v B r t 
18+o T a s ty 
1.2oa 
I 'B l l 16 T e c h S y m 
3*b 
2*b TechO p 
27o T e chT a p 
4 
T e c h trl 
.16 
137e T e jo nR 
,2oa 
7 
TeleC m 
.36 
14+4 T e le fle x 
32t 
+e T e le x C p w t 
2+4 Tenna 
o8a 
5+4 Tenneco w t 
I '? T e nn e yE n iv e T e n s o r 
H U T e ra d y n 
1o*4 T e rra C 
.8o 
56 
T x P L pf4.56 
5*e T e x s ta r ,o7e 
' 1 T h o r Cp 
2*4 T h o r o fa r 
6'/? T h r if f im t 

125 
3 
14 
35 
28 
11 
59 
141 
7 
166 
175 
12 

46 

228 
4 
9 
12 
4 
6 
6 
39 
6 
45 
4 
288 
68 
18 
5 x53 
8 11o3 

4 7 s 
6 '4 
5 '8 
17+8 
5 '4 
157o 
4+4 
11 Va 
11*o 
23 Va 
2111 16 
9 
26*o 
7 't 
5+o l l ' / . 
I Vt 
15*4 
6 7e 
21+? 
I le 
2*4 
5*8 
11*o 
4*o 
1715 16 
6 
A 
2o*s 
8+4 
13+4 
614 
16+8 

4*8 
6 
5 
17+8 
5’ 8 
147o 
4 
IO U 
1o*o 
22 7o 

4* o- 
6 
— 
5 + o ... 
17' o— 
5' a . 
15'o-t- 
4 
11+8 + 
1o1?— 
23+4+ 
*o11 16 

2+8 
F e 
15'? 
13*8 
58’ 7 
77b 
15 16 
4' 8 
8*o 

6o 
149 
26 
3 
18 
12 
31 
36 
6o 
51 
13 
29 
1o 
4 
1o8 no 
11 
1 
54 
253 z25 
112o 

8 
614 
4*4 
12*4 
9 16 
6 
18 
16'a 
6 'e 
1*4 
3*4 
14' 1 
18*o 
7 8 
278 
3 '8 
4*o 
14' e 
7*o 
15+4 

2*4 
57/e 
2 
1*o 
13 
11*o 
58 
7 
14 9-16 
5 
3 
8*o 

26 
6*o 
57/e l l 
I Va 
15 
6 U 
2o 
I 
2+2 
4*o 
I I 
4+4 
Vt 
A 
197e 
8+o 
12 
6+s 
16 
37o 
7*o 
6 
4*o 
12*8 
Va 
5*o 
17+2 
15*o 
5*4 
1*o 
3*4 
14*8 
18'a 
*4 
2*o 
2+8 
4*8 
1374 
7 
15+8 
Ve 
2+4 
5*8 
F e 
1*o 
12'? l l Vs 
58 
5*8 

'A 

26*8+ 
7 
— 
57/e.. 
111o+ 
1+4 + 
15+4— 
* A 
6*4— 
Ie 
2114+ I U 
I 
- 
+8 
2' 2 
' 8 
5 
— 
’ a 
11*4+ 
U 
4+4— 
*8 
V t........... 
4 
+ 
'A 
2 o * 8 - 
U 
8+4 *- 
+8 
1 3 '8 + 
'? 
6 +4 + 
Vs 
16+8— 
'b 
3 7 o - 
1/4 
8 
+ 
+? 
6+8........... 
4 '? ........... 
12*8— 

SU 
177/8+ 
15*4— 
6* a + 
1*4 + 
3 * 4 ... 
14*8— 
18'?— 
U . 
2 * 4 ... 
3 
4' ? ... 
14 
- 
7 *o + 
15+4 + 

Ve 

8 

2 *4 + 
>8 
57 a - 
'8 
17o— 
Ve 
1*o........... 
13 
+ t/4 
111/4+ 
Va 
58 
. . . . 
6 + 4 - I 
Va 9 1 6+ 1 16 
2 U 
2*4— 
+4 
K — Vt 
BIB— 

27b 
8*4 l l 
27 
49*4 
96 "4 
1o9 
8 'a 
15*8 
8 ' b 

F a T id w e ll 
27 
51 
5*o T iffa n y l 
.2o 
A 
SO 
5*4 T im p te 
8 
6o 
18' ? T o k h e im 
8o 
6 1o8 
47 
Tot Ed pf 4.25 
.. z55o 
9o 
T o lE d p f8 .32 z IO 
1o6 
T o lE d p f 
IO . z3oC 1o8 
1o7'? 1o7'2 
6+4 T oppsG u .28 IO 
12*8 T o rin C p 
.8o 
8 
57e T o ta lP e t 

2 
6 U l l 
22'4 
48*4 
92 

F e 
5*8 
1o*4 
2o*4 
47'B 
92 

F o .. 
6 
+ 
IO U 
21*e- 
48*4*- 
92 
F a 

213 16 1*o T o tP e t w t 
137b T o ta l p f 
.7o . 
2+e T o w n C try 
2 
T ra n s L u x 
I 
2 U T re d w y 
o5r 
IO'o T riS tM tr .8o 
5So T ric o lOe 
311 16 1*4 T u b o s M .17e . 
9’ s 
5+? T u ftc o 
.4o 
22*4 T u rn rC 
1.44 
3 
T w in F r lOe I 
13' ? U & l 
1.2oa 
3*8 U IP C p 
.2o 
1*8 
U N A C p 
3 
3*o U R S C p 
48 
I 
4 
U V In d w t 
6 'a U n im a x 
3o 
4 U U n im a x pt 
8*e U n G asA 
.69 
4 U 
U nion Inv 
I 
8*4 U n A irP d 
56 
*8 Un B ra nd w t 
1+8 U n F o o d s 
U N a tC p 

17 
2 7s 
25e 
3+2 
11*8 
7*8 

261 ? 
4 
15*8 
3*4 
2U 
4*8 
61 8 
IO 
5*8 
9 U 
7*8 
IO U 
*8 ll? 
2 
5 32 I 16 U N a tC p w t 
6 
4+? 
9*e 
16+8 
9 '8 
' I 
6 ' 4 
3 7 b 
15' 4 
34 
11*8 
3+4 
2' 4 
1 7 *4 
12 
1 5 *4 

3'a U N a tC p p f 
2*4 U P ie c e D 
7*4 U S B cpT r 
12 
U S F iltr 
.28 
9 
8 
U n R ttT ,94e 13 
+4 U n R ltT w t 
3 7b U S N tR s 
6 
278 U S R d iu m 
21 
137o U S R bR la 
9 
3o'4 U n ite k 
.3o 13 
7*4 U n ity B u y 
IO 
2' ? U n iv C ig 
o5 
4 
1*8 U n iv Cont 
1 3 'e U n iv R s 
2oe 13 
8*4 U n iv Run .52 
5 
11*4 U n vS av 
.48 
4 

67a 
M U 
5 '8 
2*8 
1o*o 
16*4 
2*b 
26'? 
9 
1*8 
4' 8 
4*8 
I 
2*4 
6*4 
3*o 
3 'e 
2 '? 
21 + ? 
4*o 
IO U 
15+? 
3*o 
26' 2 
13*4 
87b 
3U 
9+8 
25*a 
6+4 mu 
F U 
9 16 
478 
5 7b 
25+8 
25*8 
5 
2*8 
7 
4 7b 
7*8 
9 '? 
87o 
8 'e 
6 '8 
3 
*B 
6 U 
9 
4' ? 
9 
2 ' b 
55 
2*4 
4*8 
I U 
IO '? 
12 + 8 
67a 
IU 
8+s 
12' ? 
15 
18** 

IO 
ZU 

.621 

.32 

IO 

6 
V allesS t 
IO' ? V a tm a c 
.8o 
4+2 V a ls p a r 
28 
2 ' b V a lL D v 
o2e 
8 7b V a n D o rn .5o 
11*o Veeco 
32a 
F e V e r it 
21+? V e rm n tA 
4+e V e rn itro n 
I U V e r tip le 
2*a V esely 
1*o V ia te c h 
13 16 V ik in g G 
1*8 V in ta g e E 
S U V ire o 
2+? V is h a y 
2 '4 V is u a lG 
o5r 
2 'e Vol M er 
12 
V oplex 
72a 
3 
V u lcn C p 
87a V u lc ln c 
.5o 
13*o V u lc ln c p f 
I 
2*4 W TC 
In c .IO 
19' a W U IIn c 
.8o 
1o+8 W abash ,25e 
6*o W a c k n h t 
4o 
2 
W a d elE q 
IO 
6+4 W ainoco 
2o7a Wa!CON 
5ob 
4 '4 W a lla cS 
2oe IO 
13' 2 W a n gL b 
12 1o l l ' ? W a n g L B .22 IO 
U W a rd F d s w t 
. 
3*o W a rd s Co 
4 
4'2 W arnC p f o5 
21+? W a sP stB 
.36 
( 
23*8 W R IT 
I 76 
15 
3+? W a ts c o 
2o 11 
2 'e W eim ar! 
9 
S U W e ld T u A 
8 
4 
W e llco 
.25 
9 
6 'a W escoF n 
9 
7*4 W estC hP .4o IO 
7 
W s tE in l 
5 U W h ip p n y 
5 '4 W h ita k e r 
2'o W h ite h a ll 
' 4 W h itta k r 
2*4 W ic h ita 
7+8 W m hous 
4 
W ilson Br 
7*4 W in k lm n 
I ' ? W in s tn M 

.2o 4o 
4o IO 
7 wt 
2o 
36 
8 
3o 
5 
4o 
6 
9 
51+4 W isP p f 4.5o 
2U W o lfH B 
36 
3 U W ood 
Ind 
U W o o lL t 
o6e 
W o rcstC 
16 
9' ? W o rk W r 
,6o 
5 
4' ? W ra th e r o5e 
9 
*4 W r ig h tH 
8 
5*4 W y le L a b .32 
7 
9*4 W y n n ln 
.3o 
5 
12U W y m B n 
147s X onics 
IO. l l 

8' ? ZeroC o 
SU Z im m e r 

A 
6*4 
6*8 
6* 8— 
+4 
5o 
15*o 
14*8 
15U + 
Vt 
526 
7 '? 
6*4 
7 + 2 + 
*4 
134 
2+8113 16 
2U + 
'8 
2o 
15'? 
M U 
IS' 2+ 
I U 
21 
2 ! ? 
2U 
2U — 
+4 
191 
2*6 
2 
2 
- 
+ 8 
26 
2+8 
2*4 
27e 
53 
IO U 
1o+4 
1oU + 
' J 
168 
6U 
6 
6U — 
7o 
73 
2*8 
2+425 1 6 - I 
16 
8 
8 + 2 
814 
8+2 + la 
4 
2 5U 
25'? 
25' 2. 
. 
248 
4 
3*4 
4 
-+ ' i i 
14 
14 
13*4 
13*4 — i 4 
8o 
3*8 
3'A 
3 '? — 
VA 
23 
2 
VA 
V a. . . x23 
4*8 
A 't 
4*8. . 
13o 
5 
AH 
5 
. . . 
391 
9*8 
7'A 
9 
— ie 
73 
5 
41 j 
4+o— 
*8 
7 
9' 4 
S U 
9+4 + 
'? 
112 
7 U 
6 
6* 8— 
Vt 
22 
9+4 
9 
9 U . . . 
59 
*8 
*B 
* 8. 
. 
73 
I U 
V B 
1 + 4 - ie 
11 
I '? 
1*8 
1 U - 
+8 
22 I 16 I 16 
1 16— I 32 
2o 
4 * 4 
4 
4 1 4 - 
*8 
9 
2 U 
2*4 
2U — 
'8 
34 
8+4 
7*4 
8 
— 
+4 
977 
16 
15'4 
1 5 *8 - 
'A 
1o8 
9 
B U 
87o— 
Ie 
51 
*8 
+4 
1/4— 
18 n o 
SU 
4 7a 
5 
. . . 
62 
3 'e 
V A 
3 
- i.4 
6 
15 
14'? 
14'?— 
*8 
5 
31"? 
3 V ? 
31' 2 
69 
8 'A 
7*4 
8+? + 
*8 l l 
2*8 
2'? 
2+ ? - 
' 8 
17 
V ? 
I U 
1+2. . . 
174 
M U 
13*8 
13*4 
' va 
13 
IV ? 
1o78 
1 o7 8- 
7 8 l l 
15*8 
15*8 
15U + 
'4 

- W 
X 

IT 
6 ' 4 
6+8 
6' e - 
1 8 
15o 
14’ a 
13’ 2 
14 
+ 
*8 
9 
4*4 
4 U 
4+e— 
U 
5o 
2*8 
2+4 
2+4. 
32 
9+4 
9 
9 
- 
99 
W U 
14+8 
1 6 'a-+ 
U 
I 
2 
2 
2 
+ 
' 8 
6o 
24'? 
237 e 
24 
— IU 
946 
9 
8U 
9 
+ 
’ 8 
IO 
VA 
I U 
I U 
I 
2*8 
2+e 
2U 
7 
37o 
3 U 
3 U — 
'8 
13 
7o13 1613 16— 
1 8 
M 
I U 
1*8 
1+o— 
' 8 
16 
5*4 
5*8 
5'? — t/4 
36 
3 U 
3 
3 U . . .. 
24 
2' ? 
2+4 
2* 8— 
' 8 
$9 
2+8 
2+e 
2' a— 
+8 
154 
21'? 
18+4 
2o 
+ 2 
6 
37/a 
3 7o 
37/8 + 
'4 
82 
9 U 
9 . 
9 
— 
' 8 
3 
13*8 
13*8 
13*8— u 
14 
3+4 
3+8 
3+4+ 
' 8 
115 
25 U 
24*4 
25 U + 
'A 
7o 
F U 
12*8 
F U 
. 
169 
8*8 
7*/4 
7 U - 
74 
7 
2'A 
2 
2+4 + 
+6 
111 
7*4 
7 
7+4 + 
+4 
28 
25'a 
24*8 
25 
+ 
'? 
117 
6 
5*8 
5 U 
132 
15*6 
M U 
15+4 + 
I 4 
38 
M U 
139o 
14U + 
Va 
2 
U t/4 
'4 . . .. 
32 
4 U 
3 U 
37/e~ i/4 
73 
5'A 
4*4 
474— 
+4 
X44 
21*4 
21U 
T IU .. .. 
7 
24' ? 
24'6 
24+b- 
*8 x6 
4 
3 U 
3 7 4 - 
+8 
25 
2 '? 
2+4 
23,8— 
' 8 
23 
6 
5*4 
6 
+ 
' 8 
•6 
4+4 
4’ 4 
4 U . . . 
7 
7*8 
7+4 
7 U + 
' 8 
4 
8 
8 
8 
143 
8 '? 
8 
8 '? + i ? 
I 
S U 
S H 
5*8— 
' 8 
4 
5 '? 
5+4 
5 + 2 .... 
66 
2 U 
2 U 
2 Vt A 
1 8 
4o 
'a 5 16 
U + l 
16 
2o1 
4 U 
374 
4+2 + 
*8 
21 
7 '? 
7 U 
7 '/,+ 
Vt 
44 
4 
4 
4 
X2 
8 U 
S U 
8 U + ie 
7 
I U 
I U 
174 + 
1 4 
[12o 
5 3U 
53*4 
53*4— 
+'2 
13 
2 U 
2+2 
2+a— 
1 8 
5 
3+4 
3+4 
3+4. . . . 
8 
I 
15 16 
I 
. 
78 
IO' 2 
IO 
1o'/4+ • u x8 
IO 
914 
IO 
+ 
*8 
55 
5*4 
5'A 
S H .. 
I 
8815 1613 1613 16— I 
16 
182 
8 
7 U 
77o 
141 
1o+8 
97e 
IO U + 
*4 
32 
14' ? 
14’ a 
14+4 + 
'A 
64 
16 
15 >4 
16 

- z 
- 

9 
V U 
9*4 
974.. . 
67 
6' ? 
S U 
6U+ Ilie 
W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N S TO C K S A LE S 
T o ta l fo r w eek 
W eek ago 
.......................... 
Y ea r ago 
........................ 
Jan I to d a t e ...................... 
1976 to d ate .......................... 
W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N 
Total to r w eek 
................. 
W eek ago 
........................ 
Y ea r ago 

, 11,16o,ooo 
13,92o,ooo 
.................. 9,712,635 
231,54o,ooo 
274,997,69o 
B O N D S ALES 
S4,41o,OOO 
$7,82o,ooo 
$5,o81,ooo 

Butter and Eggs 

C H IC A G O 
(A P ) 
— (U S D A ) 
— B u tte r s te a d y , w h o le sa le b u y in g p ric e s F rid a y u nch an g ed ; 
93 score A A 
1.oo71; 
92 A 
I oo73. 9o B unquoted 
E ggs w e a k ; sales d e liv e re d s to re d o o r, c a rto n s 2 lo w e r; A e x tra la rg e 54 61; A la rg e 53 58; A m e d iu m s 48 53. 

N E W Y O R K (A P ' - (U S D A ) -W hole sa le egg o ffe rin g s s te a d y , p ric e s un changed 

San Antonio_EXPRF SS-NEW S— Saturday April 3 o 1 9 7 7 
Page I I C 
Investment trusts 

W E E K L Y IN V E S T IN G C O M P A N IE S 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) - W e e k ly In v e s tin g 
C om panies g iv in g th e h ig h , lo w and la s ' ir ices (o r the w e ek w ith th e n e t change 
•rom th e p re v io u s w e ek's la s t p ric e ah q u o ta tio n s , s u p p lie d b y th e N a tio n a l 
A ssociatio n o f S e c u ritie s D e a le rs . 
Inc e fle c t n et asset v a lu e s , a t w h ic h s e cu ritie s co u ld h a v e been s o ld . 
H ig h L o w L a s t 
Chg 
5 25 
5.14 
5,25 + 
CH in RP 
14.55 
14 88 + .11 
9 4o 
9 27 
9 4 o - .o4 
7 o8 
6 9 7 
7 o8 4 - o 4 
12 97 
12.87 
12 87 - o5 
8 58 
8 43 
8 .5 8 - 
o2 
8 11 
8 o2 
8 11— o6 
1o 37 
1o 22 
IO 3 7 - .O I 
9 76 
9 66 
9 76 f . o5 
4 92 
4 86 
4 924- .o2 

AGE F u n d 
A c o rn F d n 
A d v a n ln v n 
Aetna F u n d 
Aetna In c o m Shr 
A fu tu re F d n 
All state Stk n 
A lpha f und 
A n iB irth rg h t T r 
A m E q u ity Fd 
A m e ric a n F u nd s 
A n t B alan ce 
A m e a p F u n d 
A m M u tu a l F d 
B on d F d A m 
C a pF d A m 
G io w th F c J A m in c o m e F d A m 
In v C o A 
N e w P e rsp F d 
W a s tiM u tl in v 
A m o r G e n e ra l 
A G e n C a p Bd 
A Gen Cap G th 
A G en In c o m e a Gen V e n tu re 
E q u ity G rth 
F u nd O f A m 
P ro v id e n t F d 
A m G ro w th Fd 
Am In s & ln d 
Am in v e s to r n 
Am Inv Inc F d n 
A m N a tG ro w fh 
A n c h o rG ro u p : 
D a lty ln c o m n 
G ro w th F u n d in c o m e 
S pe ctru m 
F u n d m In v e s t 
W a sb inq N at 
A udax F u nd 
A x e H o u g h to n : 
F u n d B 
In c m F n d 
S tock F u nd 
B LC G ro w th F d 
Babson In c o m n 
B a b s o n ln v m t n 
B e a c o n H illM t n 
B e a c o n ln v n 
B e rg e r G ro u p : lOOFund n 
IO I F u n d n 
B e rk s h ire Cap 
B ondstock Cd 
Bo s tF o u n d Fd 
C a lvin B u llo c k : 
B u llo c k F u n d 
C a na d ia n Fnd 
D iv id e n d S hrs 
M o n th ly in c m 
N a tion W id e s 
N Y V e n tu re 
CG F u n d 
CG in c o m e F d 
C a p P re s v F d n 
C e n tu ry S h r T r 
C h allen g er In v 
C hart e rF d ln c 
Chase O r Bos: 
Fund 
F ro n tie r Cap 
S harehold 
S pecial 
C h p S id e D o llr n 
O ie m ic a l F u nd 
C N A A A qe m tF d s: 
L ib e rty F u nd 
M a n h a tta n F d 
S chu ster Fd 
C o lo n ia l: 
C o n v e rtib le 
Fund 
G rw th S h r 
Inco m e 
C o lu m b G rtb n 
.C o m w th T r A & B 
C o m w lth T rC 
Com p osit e BS. S 
C o m p osite Fd 
C oncord F d n 
C o nso lid a t in v 
C o n ste lln G th n 
C o n lM u lln v n 
C o u n tryC a p In 
D a v id q e F u n d n le V e g h tM u t n 
D e la w a re G ro up 
D e c a tu r Inc 
D e la w a re Fd 
Dei ch e s te r Bd 
D e lta T re n d 
D ire c to rs Cap 
DodqCox B a in 
D odqC xS tk n 
D re x lB u rn h m n 
D re y fu s G rp : 
D re y fu s 
E q u ity n 
L e v e ra g e 
L iq u id A sset n 
S p e c lln c o m n 
Tax E x e m p t n 
T h ird C e n tu ry 
E a g le G rfh Shr 
B a b 
^ H o w a rd 
B a la n ce F u n d 
F o u rs q u a re !! 
G ro w th F u nd 
In c o m e F u nd 
S pecial F u n d 
Stock F u n d 
E dieS plG Jh n 
Edson O ld n 
E gret F u n d 
F Ifu n T ru s t n 
F a irfie ld F und 
F a rm B u rM u tn 
F e d e ra te d F u nd s 
A m Le a d e rs 
E m p ire Fd 
F o u rth E m p ir 
T a * F re e n 
F id e lity G ro u p : 
Bond D eb 
C a p ita l 
C o n tra fu n d n 
D a ily ln c o m n 
D e stin y 
E q u ity ln c m n 
M a g e lla n 
M u n i Bond n 
F id e lity 
P u rita n 
S alem 
T h rift T ru s t n 
T re n d f in o n c ia lP ro g : 
D y n a m F d n 
I n d ust F d n 
In c o m e F d n 
Fst In v e s to rs : 
D is c o v e ry 
F u n d G ro w th 
In co m e 
S te k F und 
F s iM u M A m n f s tM u ltD ly n 
F o rty F o ur WM n 
F o u n d G ro w th 
F o un d ers G ro u p : 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
M u tu a l 
Special 
F ra n k lin G ro u p : 
B ro w n F d 
D N TC 
G ro w th 
U tilitie s 
In co m e Stk 
U SGov t Sec 
R e srch C a p it 
R esrch F q u ty 
F ra n k ln L f E q ty 
F d F o rM u tD n 
F u nd p ack 
Fund Inc G rp 
C o m m e rce Fd 
Im p a c t F u nd 
Ind u st T re n d 
P ilo t F u n d 
Gen E l SSP n 
G en S ecu rit n 
G ro w th Ind n 
H a m ilto n 
Fund H O A 
G ro w th Fund 
In co m e 
H a rtw e llG rth n 
H a rtw lll.e v e rn 
H e rita g e F u nd 
H o ld in g T ru s t n 
H o ra c e M a n n F d 
ISI G ro up 
G ro w th 
3 
I 
K 
N 
C 
O 

7 95 
5 35 
9 69 
14 98 
A 12 
4.46 
16 22 
13 75 
15 98 
6,7o 

8.96 
4 OI 
6 49 
IO 99 
6 47 
6 56 
3 95 
5 46 
.1 99 
5 55 
12.14 
2 79 

I OO 
6 27 
7 44 
4 42 
6 AA 
9 9o 
7 A1 

7 83 
5 o2 
5 82 
IO 28 
I 8o 
9 o2 
8 19 
8 97 

6 9A 
9 OO 
7 76 
4 82 
9.44 

12 72 
7 4o 
3 OO 
1477 
1o o3 
11 2o 
9.3o 
8.54 
1.oo 
1o 99 
9 9o 
13 92 

6 17 
3 43 
7 38 
5 19 
11 62 
A 88 

4.41 
2 44 
7 29 

7.87 
5 28 
9.59 
14 97 
A o3 
4 35 
16 OO 
13 5o 
15.69 
6.6o 

8 95 
3 96 
6 46 
IO 79 
6 39 
A 49 
3.92 
5 38 
4 92 
5 45 
12.11 
2 75 

1.oo 
A 19 
7 4o 
4 36 
6 57 
9 8o 
7 43 

7 79 
5 o1 
5.72 
1o o7 
1 8o 
8.9o 
8 12 
8.9o 

A 88 
8 91 
7 AA 
4.74 
9 34 

12.52 
7 37 
2 97 
14 75 
9 93 
11 OI 
9 16 
8.51 
LOO 
IO 7o 
9 69 
13 62 

7.954- .o3 
5 35 
9 69 L .o4 
14 98 f .o1 
6 l l 
4 46 + .o4 
16 22 + .15 
13 75 + .1o 
15 9 8 h .15 
6 7o- 
.28 

8 .96+ .o2 
4 OL 
6 49 
IO 99 - .o2 
6 .4 7 - OI 
6.56— .o1 
3 95 + .o1 
5 4 6+ .o4 
4 99 + 
5 55... 
12.14 
2 79 + 
.o1 

1.oo . 
6 26- 
.o3 
7 44 + .o2 
4 41 . 
6 66 1 .o? 
9 9o - .o1 
J 6 1 + .o2 

.o4 
7.83 
5.o2. 
5 82— .o1 
IO 28 + .o3 
I 8o......... 
9 o2 . 
8 19 - .o4 
8.97 .o6 

6 96 
OI 
9 oo + .o5 
/ 76 
. 
4 .8 2 + .o3 
9 44 + .o2 

A o9 
3 37 
7 3o 
5.11 
11.35 
A 79 

4 36 
2 41 
7 18 

8 97 
9 28 
4 56 
8 81 
14 77 
LOO 
I 49 
9 o3 
7.33 
12 61 
1o oo 
5 59 
6.29 
11 41 
7 45 
29 96 

12 31 l l 22 
9 39 
4 8o 
4 o9 
22.13 
15 82 
9.72 

11 72 
5 3o 
15 4o 
1o OI 
7 3o 
15 AA 
12 99 
1o o9 

8 92 
9 21 
4.5o 
8 79 
14 51 
99 
I 47 
8.93 
7 17 
12 42 
9 75 
5 49 
A 25 
11 2o 
7 31 
29.45 

12 13 l l o7 
9 36 
4 69 
4 o6 
21 89 
15 63 
9 61 

11 52 
5.19 
15.o7 
1o.o1 
7.27 
IS A? 
12 69 
9 91 

12.72+ .o5 
7 38- 
.o5 
3.oo.. . . 
14.76 
1o.o3+ .o6 
11.2o+ .o7 
9 3o......... 
8.5 4 + .o3 
I oo 
1o 99+ ,19 
9 9o + .o5 
13.92+ .12 

6 1 7 - .o1 
3 43 + .o3 
7 3 2 - .o7 
5 19 + .o2 
11 62 + .14 
6 88— .o4 

4.41 — .o2 
2 44— .o2 
7 2 8 - 
OI 

8 .9 7 - OI 
9 28 - .o3 
4.56 
8 8o-+ 
14 77+- 
I OO + 
1.49 + 
9.oo+- 
7.33 + 
12 61 + 
9 8 7 - 
5 5 9 + 
OI 
6 2 8 - .o8 
1 1 4 1 + .o4 
7 45 + .o2 
29 9 6 + .o8 

12 31 - .o4 l l 22+ .o7 
9 3 9 + .o3 
4 79 + .o5 
4 o8 - .o2 
22.13+ 
IO 
15 82 + 
OI 
9 7 2 - .o3 

T ru s t Shares 
Trust U n its 
In d u s try F u n d 
Int in v e s to rs 
In v e s tG u iln 
I 
N 
V 
S 
T 
I 
1 
5 
o 
I in vest T r Bos 
Inv C o u n s e l: 
C a p a m e ric a 
C d p itS h rs Inc 
In v e s to rs G ro u p : 
I OS Bond 
IDS G ro w th 
IDS N e w D im 
M u tu a l Inc 
P ro g re s s iv e 
Tax E x e m p t 
Stock 
S elective 
V a n a b le P a y 
Invest R e sea rch 
Is te iF u n d Inc iv y F u n d n 
JP G ro w th F d 
Ja nu sF u nd n 
John H a n c o c k : 
B alance 
Bond 
G ro w th 
Jo h n stn M u t n 
K em pe r F u n d s : 
G ro w th F d 
Incom e 
M o n e y M k t n 
M u n ic p B n d 
S u m m ilF d 
T e chn o log y 
T o iR e tu rn 
K eysto ne F u n d s : 
A p o llo F u nd 
Invest Bd B l 
Mod GBO B2 
Disc Bd B t 
In co m F d K f 
G ro w th F d K 2 
H iG r Com SI ln com S tkS 2 
G ro w tli S 3 
I o P rC o m S4 
P o la ris 
I e xm gton G rp 
C o rp l e aders 
L e * in g in G rth 
L o x in g In co m 
I e x in g tn R s b 
L ife ln s In v 
L in c o ln N a tl: 
S e le ctA m n 
S electS pecn 
L o o m is Say I es: 
C a pita l n 
M u tu a l n 
I.o rd A b b e tt: 
A ffilia te d Fd 
Bond D eb in c o m e 
L u th e ra n B ro : 
F und 
Incom e 
M u n ic ip a l 
U S G ovl Sec 
M assa chu sett Co 
F re e do m F d in de p en d Fd 
M ass Fd 
M ass F in an c l: 
M IT 
M IG 
M ID 
M F D 
\ 

8 26 
8 32 
8 25 
6 o4 
6.o4 
8 91 
15.86 
8 7o 
IO 61 
14 ll 
9 56 
7.9o 

8 74 
18 6o 
17 55 
13.o5 

8.86 
7 96 
1o 52 
I OO 
9.47 
15.81 
22 78 
1o.49 
15.93 
11 OI 
4 91 
1o51 
2o 83 

4 79 
4.36 
7 87 

4 96 
A 25 
8 64 
8 27 
7.95 
1o.oo 
15.o9 
3 82 

4 36 
12 33 
8 89 
8 84 

3.41 
6 48 
5.o8 
4.6o 
1.74 
9 72 
2 35 
3.24 
7 83 
7 77 
8 IO 

8 72 
8 18 
IO 89 
8 71 
25 76 
9 4o 
16 55 

4 13 
6 77 
7 69 
1o 8o 
7 4o 
I 33 
I OO 
14 81 

4.55 
M 
E 
, 1 J +8 
IO 34 
2 79 
3.o2 
7 63 
8 81 n d i 
. 
4 8 
9 99 

8 2o 
8 2o 
8 13 
6 o7 
5 96 
8 78 
15 67 
8 56 
1o.45 
13.97 
9 38 
7 84 

8 67 
18 38 
17 32 
13.o5 

8.84 
7.85 
IO 29 
I OO 
9 28 
15.51 
22 3o 
IO 49 
15 66 
IO 93 
1 82 
1o 49 
2o 41 

4.71 
4 3o 
7.79 

4.9o 
6 16 
8 59 
8 23 
7.9o 
1o OO 
14 87 
3.8o 

4 3o 
12 19 
8 73 
8 7o 

3 33 
6 38 
5.o1 
4 56 
1.72 
9 7o 
2 27 
3 18 
7 69 
7 62 
7.93 

8 6o 
8 o9 
IO 65 
7 97 
25.25 
9 28 
16.38 

4 o8 
A 68 
7.63 
1o 61 
7.21 
132 
I OO 
14 AO 

11.72+ .o6 
5 3o+ 
o3 
15 4o + 
.o5 
1o.o1 . 
7 3o + 
OI 
15 66 + ,o2 
12 99 + .12 
1o o9 

8.26 . 
8.32+ .o5 
8 25 * 
.o3 
6 o4 + .o2 
6 .o 3 - .o3 
8 9 1 + .o3 
15 86 
o3 
8 68 - OI 
IO 61. .. 
34 IO— .o5 
9 56 + .o5 
7 9o— .o5 

8 74— .o2 
18 6o 
17.55+ .o2 
13 o5......... 

OI 
.o4 
.o7 

8,84- 
7 96— 
1o.52 + 
I OO . . . . 
9 47 + 
.o6 
15 .81*- .12 
22 78+ 
I t 
1o 49— .o1 
15 93 + . l l 
11 OI + 
OI 
4 91 +- ,o3 
1o 49.. 
2o 83 + 
17 

4 76— .OI 
4.36 + .o2 
7 8 6 * .o3 

4 9 3 - .12 
6 25 . 
8 64 * 
.o5 
8 2 4 - .o3 
7 9 5 - o3 
IO OO......... 
1 5 .o 9 - .15 
3.81— .o5 

4 36 + 
12 33 + 
8 89 + 
8.84 + 

.o2 
.o2 

3.41 + 
o4 
6 .4 8 - .o1 
5.o8 
.o! 
4.6o........ 
1.74 . . 
9.7o 
2 35 
3 24 + .o2 
7 8 3 - .o1 
7.76— .o2 
8 IO— .o6 

8 72-+ 
o6 
8 18+ .o2 
IO 89+- 
13 
8 21+ .o8 
25 76 * 
.2o 
9 4 o - .o7 
16.49— .o9 

4.13 * 
6.77 + 
7 69 + 
IO 8o . 
7 4o * 
I 33.. 
LOO . 
14 81 

4.48 
4.53— .o6 

8 17 
5.91 

5 98 
5.19 
4.41 
9.o2 
2 99 
4 95 
18 5o 
9 57 
6 17 
5.14 
19 12 
5 85 
1o.41 
17 OI 

8.94 
19 47 
5 59 
19 2o 

7.o2 
1o.94 
I OO 
1o AA 
IO 28 
7 19 
9 97 

3 98 
17 95 
19 53 
8 45 
J 79 
5. IO 
17 23 
9 33 
7 58 
3 AO 
3 27 

14 2o 
8 49 
1o 69 
14 94 
6 86 

6.99 
12 21 

1o.18 
12 83 

8.18 
11 19 
3.54 

1o.32 
9 25 
1o.21 
9.87 

8 o8 
A 98 
1o 55 

IO 39 
8 IO 
14 54 
11.68 

*a 
IO 22 
2 76 
2 94 
7.38 
8.68 c t 
I 
9.86 

8 o4 
5 77 

5 97 
5.11 
4 32 
8 95 
2 94 
4.94 
18 3o 
9 54 
6 IO 
5 o7 
18 69 
5 78 
1o.27 
16 78 

8 88 
19 4o 
5 48 
19.o3 

6 91 
1o 9o 
LOO 
1o 65 
1o o8 
7 o7 
9.86 

3.91 
17 93 
19 48 
8 42 
7 73 
5 OI 
17 OO 
9 23 
7.44 
3 51 
3 21 

14.o1 
8 3o 
1o 62 
14 73 
A 77 

6.94 
12 o7 

1o oo 
12 7o 

8 o6 
11 13 
3.51 

1o.22 
9 2o 
1o 21 
9.84 

8 o3 
6 9o 
1o.49 

1o.24 
8 OO 
14 42 
11 R9 

. >7 *4 ........ 
1o.34* 
o5 
2 79 +- .o2 
3 o2+ .o3 
7 63+ .o4 
8.81 + .o1 r n 
. 
5 o 
. 
9 9 9 + .o2 

8.17 + 
5 91 * 

5 .9 7 ... , 
5 1 9 + .o1 
4 41+ .o1 
9 o 2 + .o) 
2 99 * 
.o3 
4 95 + .o1 
18.4o— .o8 
9 54— .o2 
6 17+ ,o1 
5.14+ .o2 
19 12+ .o6 
5 84 ♦ .o1 
IO 41 + .o4 
17.o1+ .o8 

8 93 + .o1 
19.4o 
.o3 
5 59 + .o1 
19.19— . l l 

7 o 1 + .o4 
IO 93 * .o2 
I OO......... 
1o 66 
1o.28- 
.13 
7 19 + .o5 
9 97 + .o8 

3 9 8* 
.o3 
17 94 + .o1 
19 53 * .o6 
8.45 + .o2 
7 79 * 
o3 
5 .1 o * 
o4 
17 23 
.o6 
9.33— .o1 
7.58* 
o4 
3 AO + .o3 
3.2 7 + .o3 

14.18— .17 
8 4 9 + .o7 
IO 62 - .o9 
14 9 2 + .o7 
A 8 6 + .o1 

6 9 9 + .o2 
12 21— o6 

1o 18+ .o3 
12 8 3 + .o1 

8 1 8+ .o3 
11 19+ .o4 
3 54 + .o1 

1o.32— OI 
9 2 5 + .o4 
1o 71 + .o1 
9.o4— .o1 

8 o7— .o5 
6 9 8 - .o7 
1o 5 5 - o4 

1o.39+ .o4 
8 . 1 o - .o3 
14.54+ .o5 
11 6 8 + .o4 

M C D 
M F B 
M a th e rs F n d n 
M i Cap 
M t.R d y A s n 
M id A irie r 
M o n e y M k M q t n 
M O N Y F u n d 
M S B F un ctn 
M u tu a l B e n e fit 
M IF F u nd 
M IF G ro w th 
M u tu a to f O m a ha 
A m e ric a 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
M u tu a iS h rs n 
N E A M u tu a tn 
N a tl In d u s! n 
N at Secur S e r: 
B alan ced 
Bond 
D iv id e n d 
G ro w th 
P re fe rre d 
In c o m e 
StOCk 
N E L ife F u n d : 
E q u ity 
G ro w th 
Inco m e 
Side 
N e u b e rg e r B e rm : 
E n e rg y n 
G u a rd ia n M n 
P a rtn e rs n 
N e u w irth F d n 
N e w W rid F d n 
N e w to n G w th n 
N ew ton In v F d n 
N ic h o la s F d ln n 
N o m u ra C a p F d 
N o re a s tln v n 
N u vee n F d 
O m ega F u nd 
O n e w illia m n 
O p p e n h e im e r F d : 
O pp e nh m Fd 
O p p in cB o s 
M ony B r n 
T a x fr e e B d n 
A IM n 
T im e 
O ver Count Sec 
P a ra m tM u tu a l 
P a u lR e v e re 
Penn S qu a re n 
P e n n M u fu a l n 
P h ila F u nd 
P h o e n ix C a p F d 
P ho e nix F d 
P ilg rim G ip : 
P ilg rim F o rm 
P ilg rim F d 
M a g n a C a p n 
M a g na In c o m 
P in e S tre e tn 
P io ne er F u n d : 
Fund ll 
P lanned in v e s t 
P lig ro w th F n d 
P litre n ct F n d 
P ric e F u n d s . 
G ro w th F d n 
In c o m e n 
New E ra n 
N e w H o riz n n 
Tax P re en 
P ro F u n d n 
P ro v id e r G rth 
P ru S IP 
P u tn a m F u n d s : 
C o nve rt 
E q u it 
G eorge 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
Invest 
Tax E x e m p t 
V ista 
V oya q e 
R a in b o w F d n 
R eserve F d n 
R e v e re F u n d n 
Safeco E q u itF d 
Safeco G ro w th 
S tP aul Cap 
S tP aul G w th 
S cudS tevC lk : 
In tl F u nd n 
M M u n iB d n 
M a n a q e R e s n 
In co m e n 
C o m m o n S t n 
S pecial n 
S e c u rity F u n d s : 
E q u ity 
Invest 
U ltra 
S entinel G ro u p . 
A pex F u n d 
B alan ced F d 
C om m on Stk 
S entinel G ro w th 
S entry F u n d 
S ha re h o ld e rs G p: 
C o m sto ck FO 
E n te rp ris e Fd 
F le tc h e r Fd 
H a rb o r F u n d • 
Leg al L is t 
P ace F u n d 
Shearson F u n d s : 
A p p re c ia tio n in c o m e invest 
S ie rra G th n 
S tirm n D ea n n 
Sigm a F u n d s : 
C a pita l 
Invest 
T ru stS h 
V e n tu re Shr 
S m th B a rE q tn 
S m th B a rl8 .G n 
SoGen In t 
S outhw stn In v 
S o u th w n ln v G th 
S overeign In v 
S p e c tra F d n 
S tate B on d G r 
Com m on Fd 
D iv e rs ifie d F 
P ro gress F d 
S la tF a rm G th n 
S ta tF a rm B a l n 
S ta le s t In v 
S teadm an F u nd s: 
A m e rin d n 
A s s o F T ru s t n 
Inve st n 
O cea n og ra n 
Stein Roe F d s : 
B alan ce n 
CapO pn 
S to ck!! 
S u rve yo r Fd 
Tem pG th Can 
Tem p In v F d n 
T ra n sa m Cap 
T ra n s a m Inve st 
T ra v e le rs E q F d 
Tu d o rH e d g e n 
TOthCentGfh n 
TO thContlnc n 
U S A A C ap G th n 
U S A A lnc F d n 
USG ovt S ecur 
U n ifM u tu a ln 
U n ifu n d u n a v a il 
U nion Svc G rp : 
B roadS t In v 
Net Inve st 
Union C a p ito l 
U nionlnc F d 
U n ited F u n d s : 
Acc urn ut ti v 
Bond 
Cont G ro w th 
Cont in c o m e 
In co m e 
Science 
V a n g u a rd 
U n itS v c s F d n 
V alue L in e F d : 
V alue L in e 
Inco m e 
I e v rg e d G rth 
S ped Si* 
Vance S an d ers: 
In co m e invest 
C om m on 
Special 
V a n d rb ltG th n 
V a n d rb ltln c m n 
V a n g u a rd G ro u p : 
E x p lo re r F n d ii 
F s fln d e x n iv e s tF u n d n 
M o rg a n F n d n 
T ru s te e s E q n 
W e lle sle y!! 
Wet lin g ton n 
W e s tm in B d n 
W ind sor F n d n 
V a rie d Ind u st 
A a l I St G ro w th 
W e in g rtn E q n 
W e stfie ld G rw th 
W isconsin In c m 
No lo ad fu n d . 

12 88 
15 91 
13 42 
1286 
I OO 
5 16 
IOO 
8 9o 
13 77 
8 99 a 49 
3 74 

11 71 
3 9o 
9 29 
78 77 
7 82 
IO 9o 

9 3o 
4 58 
4 o7 
5.38 
7 65 
5 47 
8 l l 

17 l l 
8 62 
13 94 
12 94 

14 76 
28 o5 
9.54 
8 o3 
1o 51 
11 37 
9 86 
14 l l 
9 53 
14.94 
9 65 
1o 33 
13 26 

6 11 
8.6? 
LOO 
IO 39 
9 12 
7 16 
17 38 
8 6o 
5.85 
8.o6 
3 64 
7.o5 
7 9o 
9 44 

12.8o 
8 48 
3 42 
9 26 
1o 95 

13 97 
15 o9 
11 59 
IO 84 
7 97 

9 A1 
9 95 
IO 72 
6.8o 
IO 24 
A o9 
7 39 
9 18 

11.98 
9 49 
13 58 
1o 24 
7 96 
7 25 
24 o7 
9 75 
11 66 
I 9.1 
I OO 
5 42 
8 9o 
8 86 
7 95 
7.14 

13 18 
IO 37 
1o o4 
14 78 
9 32 
22 78 

3 86 
7 39 
9,55 

3 38 
7 99 
12.26 
7 89 
11 65 

5 91 
5.11 
5 2? 
8 62 
6 63 
IO 28 

16 37 
18 55 
IO 17 

19 o7 

8.41 
IO o2 
8 74 
9 99 
9 91 
12 53 
1o 77 
7 74 
4 67 
17 OO 
4 AO 

4.2o 
4 92 
3 79 
5 97 
9 36 
41.75 

2 79 
I o9 
1.38 
6 17 

17 o2 
8.47 
11 82 
8 J8 
12 27 
LOO 
6.97 
9.28 
9 95 
13 SO 
3 94 
5 83 
7 29 l l 95 
9 79 
8 36 

12.66 
15 38 
13 25 
12 66 
1Uo 
5 o9 
I OO 
8 76 i i . a 
8 88 
8 3o 
3 67 

11.66 
3 85 
9 23 
28.55 
7.73 
1o.7o 

9 2o 
4 57 
4 o3 
5 3o 
7 58 
5 41 
8.o2 

16.76 
8 52 
13 91 
12 75 

14.53 
27.71 
9 4o 
7 87 
1o 35 
11 o8 
9.79 
13 87 
9 48 
14 93 
9 62 
1o.24 
13 o8 

6.o6 
8 AO 
I OO 
IO 37 
9 o3 
7 o2 
12.29 
8 43 
5.79 
7 89 
3 59 
6 93 

9 38 

12 64 
8 34 
3.37 
9.21 
1o 79 

13.79 
14 93 
11 44 
1o 68 
7.9o 

9 46 
9 93 
IO 58 
6 68 
IO 22 
5.91 
7 29 
8 98 

11.87 
9 34 
13 41 
1o 12 
7.93 
7 16 
24 o3 
9 57 
11 44 
I 88 
I OO 
5 3o 
8.8o 
8 74 
7 86 
6 98 

13 o1 
1o 33 
1o o3 
14.66 
9.o7 
22.46 

3.8o 
7.29 
9 43 

3.31 
7 92 
12 l l 
7 81 
11 51 

5.83 
5o6 
5 12 
8.57 
6.56 
1o.19 

16 o2 ie 38 
9 99 
8 72 
18 54 

8 27 
9 94 
8 71 
9 89 
9 78 
12 47 
1o 69 
7 66 
4 57 
11 77 
4 SO 

12 88 t- .o! 
15 3 8 - .51 
13 42 + .o9 
12 Ta 
14 
1,oo . . . . 
5 16 
... 
I OO 
... 
8 9o 
.o4 
13 7 2 - .o3 
I 9 9 ... 
8 3o 
3.74 
2o 

OI l l 66 
3.9o— „ 
9 29+ .o3 
28 77+ .o6 
7 82 - .o3 
1o 9 o + .o8 

9 3o * .o1 
4 58 * .o1 
4 o7 * .o1 
5.38 1 
.o1 
7 5 8 - .o7 
5 47+ .o4 
8 o5— .o5 

17.11+ .14 
8 62 
.o2 
13 9 1 - .o2 
12.94— .o2 

14.76+ .o8 
27.88 
.17 
9 .5 4 * .o4 
8 o3 + .o6 
1o.51 + .o2 
11 3 7 + . l l 
9 8 6 - 
.o1 
14.11+ .14 
9.52— .o7 
14 94 * .o1 
9 63 . . . 
IO 31— .19 
13.26— .o5 

6 o 8 - .o5 
8.61. 
.. 
I OO 
IO 3 9 - .o1 
9 o 7 - .o8 
7 1 6+ .o5 
12 38 - .o3 
8.57— .OB 
5.8o 
.o5 
8 .o 6 + .o7 
3 64 
7.o5........ 
7 .9 o - .o2 
9 44— .12 

12 8 o - 
OI 
8 4 8+ .o7 
3 42 + .o1 
9 .2 6 + .o4 
1o 9 5 + .o5 

13 9 7 + .o5 
15 o9 
11 59 + l l 
IO 8 4 - 
OI 
7 97— o4 

9 Al - .o3 
9 9 3 - .o1 
IO 72— .o? 
6 .7 9 * .o4 
IO 22 - .o2 
6 o 9 + . l l 
7 39......... 
9 18* 
.o4 

BAROMETER 

Chicago Option* [Treasury Bonds 

F rid a y , A p r 
2# 
I 
_ _ 
* _ 

 leaders 

Y e a rly 
H igh t o n 
LOW 
77*4 
?! 'a 
1o' 4 
557 a 
4 7 H 
32'8 
2 6 H 
66' 4 
5? 
8o*4 
6o 
65'4 
617e 
17+8 
14’ 8 
43 2 
28' + 
3o 
25*4 
1o*8 
8 ' 8 
38 
33’ ? 
■S3' / 
35*4 
78' ? 
oo+9 
28 's 
23'4 
17'4 
1559 
3o 
25' 4 
54 
36* n 
286+a 
256' 2 
34 
26’ ? 
N E W Y O R K 
Y e a rly 
H igh 
L o w 
19 
14*4 
6o’ e 
39H t 
27'? 
187b 
17*8 
13’ 2 
8*4 
41/4 
I ’ a 
5 '4 
43' ? 
3o' ? 
4' 8 
2' 2 
15' a 
9 ’ ? 
8'? 
4*8 

K resqeS S 
W estgh El 
Gen Flee 
A m H o m e 
P h illip s P ei 
E ast K od a k 
A m T T 
E tP n so Co 
B ab co k W il 
T e xa co I rte 
Sony C orp 
C o n tO il 
D ow Ch 
G en M o to rs 
O c c ideo Pet 
South e m Co 
R e iG rp p fC 
D ig ita lE q 
IB M 
C itic o rp 

W e e k's 
Sics 
H ig h 
LOW 
L a s t C hg. 
28 7 e— r ? 
. . , 1.664,1oo 
29’ ? 
27*4 
I 663.ooo 
71*9 
19’ 8 
21' 8 + 1+4 
1 391,4oo 
5379 
SI 
5 3 *9 + 
+? 
. 
1.359 2oo 
28 
2o*9 
27* a 
7e 
1,1o4,2oo 
55*4 
5? 
53+4— 4> 4 
. . . 1,o27,ooo 
63*9 
6o 
62*8- 
1*9 
915.5oo 
63 
67 >s 
o3 
............ 
843.7oo 
17’ 8 
15+9 
1o*9+ 1+4 
837.7oo 
43’ 2 
4) 
43’ 8 + I '? 
75o.5oo 
26+8 
26 
?6 78 + 
'7 
696, IOO 
9*4 
9+e 
9 *4 + 
*9 
67o 3oo 
37’ a 
35 
3 o '4 — 
*9 
658.6oo 
37*8 
35*4 
37+8— 
'7 
646,ooo 
68*a 
6 6 4 
68*9+ 1*9 
639 OOO 
28’ a 
27+4 
2 7*9 + 
'8 
631.ooo 
16*/4 
15*4 
15*9— 
+4 
6o4.1oo 
26 
25+4 
2 5 H * 
*8 
549,9oo 
39+4 
36*9 
3 8 '2 + 1+a 
.. 
546,8oo 
262 
256’ ? 
2 58 *4+ 
*4 
543,3oo 
2 7H 
26’ ? 
27 
— 
Va 

W e e k's A m e ric a n le a d e rs 
W e e k's 

K a is e r in d 
H o u O ilM 
H u sky O il 
K n ic k T o y 
M a m m M r t 
G I Bas Pet 
K ew an ee In 
In tl B nknot 
P re s le y Co 
Fed R e srcs 

W E E K L Y S A LE S 
T h tsW ee k 

Sale 
H ig h 
L ow 
L a s t Chg. 
17*4+ 
'n 
483.ooo 
18'7 
16*9 
429,6oo 
46'4 
43' 2 
45H -+ 
' ? 
4o5.6oo 
T I' 7 
25*8 
2 7 *9 + 
*4 
3oo,4oo 
1 7 *i 
15'? 
17+e* 119 
273,8oo 
8 '4 
6 '? 
8 *4 + I 7 8 
239,5oo 
7*8 
o*9 
7*4 4 
*4 
2oo.2oo 
41*4 
3 7 '4 
38+9— 27s 
19o,ooo 
3*8 
2*4 
3*9 + 
*8 
183.8oo 
IS '8 
12*8 
14*8+ 2 
. 
141.4oo 
7*4 
6 7s 
7V?+ 
+9 
Averages 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) shows th e N e w 
Y o rk 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e d o cks and w a rra n ts th a t h ave gone up 
'h e m ost a nd d o w n th e m o st in th e 
>ast w eek based on p e rc e n t o f ch a n g e 
-e g a rd le s s o f v o lu m e . 
No s e c u ritie s tra d in g b e lo w 52 a re in cl jd e d 
Net a nd p e rc e n ta g e c h a n g e s a re th e d iffe re n c e b e tw e e n la s t a e e k's c lo s in g 
■price and th is w e e k 's c lo s in g p ric e . 
UPS 

 l l 8 7 - . l l 
9 43 + 
OI 
13 58 
... 
1o 2 4 - OI 
7 9 3 - ,o3 
7 25......... 
2 4 .o 5 - .o2 
9 6 9 + .o3 
11 64 * .o3 
1 9 4 + .o2 
LOO . ... 
5 4 2 + .o4 
8 8 9 - o3 
8 .8 6 + .OI 
7.95— .o1 
7 .1 4 + .o7 

13.18— .o6 
1o.37+ .o3 
IO o3— .o1 
14 78 + .o6 
9 .3 2 + .14 
22 78— .o5 

3.86 + 
7.39 + 
9.55— 

3 .3 8 + .o? 
7 9 9 + .o2 
12 26 + .o4 
7 89 + .o2 
11 65 l l 

5 91 + .o4 
5.11— .o9 
5.22 - .o4 
8 .6 2 + .o2 
6 63 . 
IO 22— .27 

4.15 
4 88 
3.77 
5 76 
9 28 
41 25 

2 26 
I o9 
136 
6.11 

16 84 
6.37 
11 65 
8 77 
12 o6 
LOO 
6 88 
9 16 
9 8o 
13.23 
3.84 
5 75 
7 19 l l 93 
9 75 
8 26 

16 37 * 
.o8 
18,55* 
OR 
IO.17 + 
.o6 
8 8 8 + 
o9 
19 o 7 + 
45 

8.41— .o1 
1o o 2 - .o4 
8 74— .o? 
9 98 - l l 
9 91 + .o2 
12 53 * 
OI 
1o 77 + 
o2 
7 68 - .o6 
4 67 * .o5 
12 oo + .o8 
4 AO— OI 

.o1 

N Y S to cks. 
N Y Bonds 
. 
A m e ric a n S to cks 
A m e ric a n B onds 
M id w e s tS to c k s 

ThisW eek 
A Y e a rA g o 
97,77o,ooo 81,34o.81o 
582,71o,ooo $1oo,o31,ooo 
. 
11.16o,ooo 9,712,635 
.$4,41o,ooo $5,o81,ooo 
.5,815.ooo 5,375,ooo 

W H A T T H E STOCK M A R K E T D ID 
T w o 
T h is P re v .Y e a r Y e a rs w e e kw e e ka g o ago 
A dvances 
896 
731 
778 
979 
D eclines 
898 1133 
1oo2 
778 
U nchanged 
3oo 
238 
289 
248 
Total issues 
2o94 21o2 
2o69 2oo5 
New y e a rly h ig h s 
114 
239 
165 
339 
New y e a rly lo w s 
315 
2o7 
7o 
47 

W e e kly N u m b e r of T ra d e d Issues 
.N Y 
Stocks 
2o94 
N Y 
Bonds 
1536 
A m e ric a n S to cks 
1135 
A m e ric a n B on d s 
12o 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — D o w Jones ra n g e af p ric e s fo r th e w e ek ended oo. 
STOCK A V E R A G E S 
O pen 
H ig h L ow C lose Chg 
Ind u s 
914 6o 927 32 914 6o 926.9o—o 
T ra n s 
232 OB 234 
SI 23o 77 234 51 +o 
U tils 
1o7 39 1o8.67 
1o7 l l 1o8 67 * o 
65 S tks 
3o6 o6 3o9 86 3o5.67 3o9 86 * o 
B O N D A V E R A G E S 
TO B onds 
91.o9 
91 27 
91 o9 
91.19 
o 
U tils * 
96 27 9 6 
5 6 
9 6 27 
9 6 38 3 o 
Ind u s 
85 91 86 
o1 85.86 
86 o o - o 
C O M M O D IT Y F U T U R E S IN D E X 
4o8.99 411.1o 4o2.31 4o9 6o I 

N E W Y O R K 
(A P ) 
- 
S ta n d a rd and 
P o o r's W e e kly 5oo E to c k Ind e x 
H ig h 
L ow 
C lose 
Chg 
IOO in d u s t 
1o9 oo 
1o7 54 
1o9 o o -o .o 5 
2o T ra n s 
14 64 
14 2o 
14 6 4 * o.27 
•IO U tils 
52 73 
52.17 
52 7 3 - o o2 
4o F in a n c e 
11 46 
11 26 
11 4 6 * o o2 
5oo S tocks 
98 44 
97 11 
98 44 unch 
Ups and Downs 
The fo llo w in g lis t 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 

 n a m e 
L a s t 
C hg 
P c t. 
I 
P ueblo In t 
4’ b 
+ r n 
Up 
43 5 
I 
2 
Fed Sign al 
7o 
+ 
3 7b 
Up 
24 o 
2 
3 
Todd S h ip y d 
17*8 
4 
2*8 
Up 
17 8 
3 
4 
N e w h a ll L d 
19*4 
* 
2*8 
Up 
13.7 
4 
5 
P onderosa 
7*9 
4- 
7a 
Up 
13 5 
5 
6 
C ontC p p fB 
59 
+ 
6*4 
H p 
I? 9 
6 
7 
A rm a d a Cp 
6*8 
+ 
*4 
Up 
12 8 
7 
8 
C lo ro x Co 
11+4 
+ 
1+4 
Up 
125 
8 
9 
SeabW id A ir 
3*9 
4- 
*8 
Up 
12 5 
9 
IO 
A vne t p fC 
89 
+• 9*9 
Up 
12 I 
IO 
Ii 
C oldw l B n k r 
18' 2 
+ 
2 
Up 
12 I l l 
1? 
K o e h rin q 
17’ 7 
* 
17/e 
Up 
12 o 
I? 
13 
K e lle r Ind 
14 'a 
■+ 1+2 
Up l l 7 
13 
14 
B a n c a l 
T r 
24*4 
+ 
2' 
Up 
11.2 
14 
15 
Fost W heel 
27'4 
+• 2*4 u p 
112 
IS 
16 
R oper C o rp 
25 
+ 
2*8 u p 
1o.5 
16 
17 
Cowles Com 
16'8 
+ 
IV? u p 
IO 3 
17 
18 
V a ro In c 
9*8 
V 
7a u p 
IO 3 
18 
19 
R evere Cop 
15 
4- 
1*8 
Up 
IO I 
19 
2o 
M ar A n d F o 
9*8 
+ 
*8 
Up 
IO o 
2o 
71 
P ic k w c k In t 
22 
4 , 2 
Up 
IO o 
21 
72 
Un F id e lity 
5’ 2 
+ 
’ 2 
Up 
IO o 
72 
73 
B udget Ind 
9*4 
+- 
*9 u p 
9 9 •23 
24 
R T E C o rp 
I I H 
+ 
I u p 
9.9 
24 
25 
M a r D o n a I 
5 H 
-f 
V? 
U p 
9 8 
25 
DO W N S 
N a m e 
L ast 
Chg 
P ct, 
I 
Ceco C orp 
13 
— 2+8 
O ff 
18.1 
I 
2 
Wean 
U n it 
5+2 
— 
I >9 
O ff 
17 o 
2 
3 
W are 
1.5opf 
19 
_ 
2*4 
O ff 
12 6 
3 
4 
Q ue str p f A 
2o * r 
2*9 
O ff 
114 
4 
5 
T e c h n ic o n 
9*4 
11/4 
O ft 
1 1 4 
5 
6 
T al c o ft N a t 
4'7 
— 
'7 
O ft 
IOO 
6 
7 
D r P epper 
11'8 
— 
I ' 4 
O ff 
9 9 
7 
8 
K aneb 
34*8 
— 
3' 2 
O ff 
9 2 
8 
9 
A pptd M a g 
2+7 
— 
+4 
O ff 
9 I 
9 
IO 
T a n d y C o rp 
28*b 
— 2*4 
O ff 
8 8 
IO ll 
S te rn d en t 
IO' 2 
— 
I 
O ff 
8 7 ll 
12 
A m F in S y p i l l 
_ 
I 
O ff 
8 3 
12 
13 
A m H o m e pf 
12o+4 
— IO7 a 
O ff 
8 3 
13 
14 
M esabi T r 
12'7 
— 
I ' a 
O ff 
8 3 
14 
15 
Si Br 
P a in t 
31’ 8 
— 2*4 
O ff 
8 1 
15 
16 
U n itln d p f 
17 
— 
I ' ? 
O ff 
8.1 
16 
17 
W o lve r W W 
4+4 
— 
*8 
O ff 
8.1 
17 rn 
H e rc u le In c 
211 2 
— 
1+B 
O ff 
8 o 
18 
19 
AAobil H o m e 
2+8 
— 
I 4 
O ff 
8 o 
19 
TO 
C h iM ilw CP 
87a — Vt 
O ff 
7.8 
2o 
21 
F lo rid a 
Stl 
19' 8 —1*9 
O ff 
7 8 
21 
22 
S h a k e s p re 
8 7 8 — 34 
O ff 
7.8 
22 
73 
S terl P rec 
4 '? — *8 
O ff 
7.7 
23 
74 
A lp ha P lo d 
167b —1*8 
O ff 
7 5 
24 
25 
P eonies D rq 
7*4 
— 
Va 
O ff 
7.5 
2.5 

Dollar 

4.2o 
4.92 
3 79— OI 
5 .8 4 - OI 
9 36 - .o3 
41 75— .65 

2.79 + 
I o9 . 
I 38 
6 17* 

.o3 

.o3 

17 o2— .o3 
8.47+ 
OI l l 8 2 - .o4 
8 38— .o3 
12.27 + .o2 
I OO . . 
6 89— .o9 
9 .1 6 - .12 
9 95......... 
13 48 * .12 
3 94 * 
.o3 
5.83......... 
7.29— .o2 l l 9 5 + 
o3 
9.75— .o1 
8 3 6 + .o4 

11.64 
6 o3 
1o.75 
12 78 

A 19 
7 42 
8 71 
9 37 
IO OO 
5 26 
.1 99 
I 45 

6 99 
5.19 
9 52 
4.19 

13 54 
7 18 
6.11 
7 88 
3 72 
3 84 

18.18 
13 5o 
7 43 
1o 86 
8.75 
I? IO 
9 64 
9 69 
1o o3 
3.38 
A 19 
11 13 
A 79 
5 2o 

11 46 
5 9! 
IO 52 
12.7o 

6.11 
7 39 
8 62 
9 32 
9 93 
5.19 
4.9o 
1.38 

6 82 
5.13 
9 21 
4.o5 

13 52 
7 12 
6 o5 
7.77 
3 68 
3 79 

18 l l 
13.32 
7 29 
IO 7o 
8 63 
12 o4 
9 57 
9 AO 
9 94 
3 33 
A l l 
1o 86 
6 71 
5 17 

11 64 + 
6 o3 
IO 75 + 
12 78 + 

.o5 

6 19 + .o2 
7 39— .o2 
8.71— .o3 
9 36......... 
1o oo * .o2 
5 26 
.o1 
4.99 - .o7 
I 45 + .o2 

6 99 . 
5 1 4 - 
9.52 + 
4.19 * 

NEW YORK 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The fo llo w in g is a lis t of the m o s t a c tiv e s to c k s based on the d o lla r v o lu m e . 
The to ta l is based on the m e d ia n p ric e of th e sto ck tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y th e shares tra d e d . 
T o t($ lo o o ) S a le s (h d s )L a s t 
. 
$141,7575468 258+4 
$72,874 13914 
5379 
$63,417 1o27o 
$59,488 1 1o42 
$57,333 
9155 
$47,634 16641 
Gen M o to rs ......................$43,443 
646o 
A m H o m e .................... 
$37,o38 13592 
B a b c o k W il 
$35,371 
8372 
W e S tg h E i 
$33,675 
1663o 

N am e 
IB M . 
... 
Gen Flee 
F ast K odak 
.P h illip s Pet 
A m T T 
K resge SS 

62*8 
53*4 
63 
2B'a 
68 'a 
27*8 
43'a 
21 * B 

The fo llo w in g lis t 
;h o w s the A m e ric a n 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e stocks and w a rra n ts th a t h a v e ro n e up the m o s t and dow n the m o st in the oast w eek based on p e rc e n t o f ch a n g e 
-e q a rd le s s o f vol um p 
No s e c u ritie s tra d in g b e lo w $2 a re in c l jded. N et and p e rc e n ta g e c h a n g e s a re th e d iffe re n c e betw een la s t w e e k 's c lo s in g o ric e and th is w e e k 's c lo s in g p ric e . 
UPS n a m e 
L a s t 
C h g 
P c t 
C e n tu ry Fac 
A 
+ T 2 
U p 
71 
H o rn 8, H a r 
6 
K in g O p tic l 
2'4 
A p ld D e v c s 
5 '8 
L y n c h C orp 
3' ? 
M a m m M r t 
8 ’ * 
A ta la n ta 
56* 
C e llo C ra ft 
2 
Sears Ind 
3*8 
In s tro n Cp 
7* b 
Z im m r H orn 
6*s 
In tl B nkn o t 
3*s 
A ri/C o lo L C 
5*s 
G a b rie l Ind 
18' b 
E x e c u to n e 
6' ? 
A A R Corp l l ' / 
B a n s tr C tlL t 
124b 
L e is u r Tee 
2 G 
N a t Spinng 
5' ? 
P re s le y Co 
14*9 
R e s o rtin g A 
1o+4 
Regal Bel 
13+s 
F D I Inc 
2 H 
P re s Rea I A 
26* 
G u lfR e p F in 
1o*4 
DO W N S 

C hg 
+ 2' 2 
+ IV? 
+ 
11 
+ IV * 
+ 
*4 
+ 16* 
+ T s 
* 
I * 
+ 
*9 
+ 1*8 
+ r s 
+ 
*9 
+ 
6* 
+ 26'* 
+ I 
+ IO* 
+ 1*4 

2 
1*8 
1*4 

1*8 

Up 
UP 
Up 
Up 
U p 
Up 
U p 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up u p 
Up 

Chg 

6'8 
*8 
1V4 

N a m e 
L ast 
R ath 
P ack 
3*a 
A rm in Cp 
37s 
C d nE x G O 
5 'a 
T e x s ta r CP 
6 U 
G enqe Inc 
2*8 
U N a tC p p f 
4 '» 
B ell Ind u st 
5 
H i Shear 
5 
T ric o Ind 
6 '8 
S e a le c tro 
2"a 
A V C Corp 
IO 
E t* L a v u d 
3 
Cam eo 
Inc 
6 '4 
5 im c o S irs 
3 'a 
B e rro s 
2'a 
M a s te rs In 
4>.t 
M e tro G rtg 
2' a 
Un In v e s t 
6>s 
R ib le t P rod 
3 '4 
W a c k n h u t 
7*4 
G lo be Iud 
2o' ? 
To w n e n try 
2*e 
A ff ii Hosp 
7 '4 
C o m o d rln tt 
6 
IM C M a q 
6' 2 
.eaders 

AMERICAN 
N E W Y O R K (A P ! - T h e fo llo w in g Ts lis t o f th e m o st a c tiv e s to c k s based on the d o lla r vo lu m e . 
The to ta l is based on th e m e d ia n p ric e 
!f th e s to c k tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y the sh ares tra d e d . 
, 
N a m e 
Tot($1ooo) S a le s b d s lL a s t 
H o u O ilM ............. 
H u s k y O il............... 
K a is e r 
In d . . . 
. 
K ew an ee In ......... 
K n ic k T o y 
D om e P e tr i........ 
P re s le y Co 
Fa lco n Sbd 
M a m m M rt . . 
A u s tra l O il 
. . . 

*8 

+8 
7 S 
2' 4 

P ct 
O ff 19 
O ff 16 
O ff 14 
O ff 13. 
O ff 13 
O ff 13. 
O ff 13 
O ff 13 
O ff 12 
O ff l l 
O ff l l 
O ff l l 
O ff IO 
O ff IO 
O ff IO 
O ff 1o 
O ff IO 
O ff IO 
O ff IO 
O ff 1o 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ft 
O ff 

$19 278 
4296 
457s 
$1o 773 
4o56 
27*9 
$8,512x483o 
17*4 
$7 9o7 
2oo2 
38’ 8 
$4 919 
3oo4 
17 + 8 
St 833 
729 
38+4 
St 527 
1838 
14*8 s t 422 
528 
46*4 s t uh; 
2738 
8+4 
SI 992 
848 
23 7a 

13 52— .OI 
7 1 2 - .o6 
6 l l — o4 
7 88. . 
3 7 2 - .o1 
3 84 +- .o2 

18. IS— .2o 
13 5o.. 
7 43 * .o5 
1o 8 6 * 
o4 
8 75 + .o1 
12 1 o * .o3 
9 64— .o2 
9 6o— 
1o O I— .1o 
3 .3 8 - .o3 
6 18.. 
11 13+ .o5 
6.79— .o7 
5 2o— OI 
□VER THE 
COUNTER 

Q u o ta tio n s fro m th e H A S D o re r e p r e ­ s e n ta tiv e in te r d e a le r p r ic e s a s o f a p ­ p ro x im a te ly 3 p.m . in te r-d e a le r m a rk e ts change th ro u g h o u t the d a y . P ric e s d o n ot in clu de re ta il m a rk up, m a rk d o w n o r co m m issio n . 
A p ril 29, 1977 e id 
A s k e d 
A la m o S a vin g s 
17 2 
19 
A irie r F d rs . 
16 2 
17'., 
A m in e s! 
3*8 
4 
A m e r. Sec. 1 if 
4 2 
5 
B e xa r Co. Bk 
34 
— 
C o fe fe ria s Inc. 
19 
2o 
Com m P ro p 
5 
5 ' 8 
Cullen 
15 
16 
D o rch este r G as 
9m 
9*8 
E l Paso Flee l l 
11 ’ a 
F o re st O il 
18-8 
1 8 . 
F ra n k 
23 2 t i a 
Ft. Sam Bk S hares i t 
34 
F ro st Bk 
21 
23 
G u lf E n e rg y l l 
11*4 
H andy Don 
13 ’ 4 
14 4 
H e n ry S. M in e r 
IO 
K elly F ie ld NII 
2o 
21 7 
M e re ol I x C om m 
25 4 
25*4 
M e re Of TX P fd bi .■ 
64 7 
M e rc h a n ts 
18 2 
19 ? 
NSC of Tex 
36 2 
38 ? 
O ly m p iu B re w 
2o 
2o*4 
P en in sula 
I? 4 
13 
P la to 
V a 
8 <s 
Pogo 
13 8 
13m 
Shop C om m 
2 ? 
3 
Shop P fd 
9 2 
_ 
S igm or 
I? 
12'? 
S tw a rt & S fvnson 
13 
13+2 
Texas In tl A ir 
- 
4 
4>8 
T ip p e ra rv 
18 2 
19 
T ra n s p o rt L it 
5 *4 
6 8 
W e a th e rfo rd In tl 
12m 
13' 2 
W in n s 
Ti' 4 
23*4 
K .C . L iv es to c k 

K A N S A S C IT Y (A P ) — Q u o ta tio n s fo r 
F rid a y . C a ttle IOO. N ot enough a n y one class on o fte r fo r a m a rk e t test. E a r lie r in the w eek 
S la ug hte r s te e rs h ig h good and ch oice 935 1225 lb 39 5o 41 AO.'Slaugh te r h e ife rs h ig h good a nd c h o ic e 8oo 1o1o ib 38 OO 39 75. S la u g h te r c o w s — la te sa les, c u tte r, u tility a nd som e c o m m e rc ia l 26 OO 
28 OO, h ig h d re s s in g u tility to 28 85. 
Hogs I,IOO 
B a rlo w s a nd g ilts s te a d y to 
75 h ig h e r; I 2 215 24o lh 39.25; I 3 2oo 25o lb 38 75 39.oo. fe w 2 3 38.5o . 2 3 25o 27o Ib 
<8 OO 38. 75. Sows, w e ig h ts u n d e r 5oo Ib not tested 
5oo lh and h e a v ie r 5o lo w e rg I 3 
5oo 6oo lb 34 5o 
Sheep 25. N o t enough on o ffe r to test p rice s 
E s tim a te s fo r M o n d a y : C a ttle 8oo; hogs 
2,5oo, sheep SO. 

Chicago Grain 

C H IC A G O (A P ) — O ld c ro p soybean fu lu re s a d v a n c e d 45 cents on th e C hicago 
B oard of T ra d e F rid a y a fte r fo u r d ays of d ecline s th a t to ta le d $1.23 
Soybean m e a l w a s up th e a llo w a b le lim it of $15 a ton a nd soybean o il p ric e s rose to the lim it of IOO p o in ts , or I cent a pound D e fe rre d o p tio n s in soybeans a nd rn in ea l p osted le sser g a in s b ut the n e a r by o il o p tio n s w e re a b o u t one h a lf a: stro ng as the lim it close. 
W heat fu tu re s c a m e u n d e r h e a v y la te s e llin g p re s s u re and lo s t 5 ce nts. C orn and o ats p ric e s w e re n a r ro w ly m ix e d 
Iced b ro ile rs g a in e d u p to 
'? cent a pound a fte r a ra th e r m o d e s tly tra d e d ses sion. 
Soybean a n d m e a l fu tu re s w e re s tro n g on the o p e n in g b e ll, a d v a n c in g to n e a r lim its u n d e r g o o d , m ix e d s u p p o rt. T h ere w e re s e lle rs in the tw o p its b u t th is con tin g e n t b eg an to fa d e a w a y as p ric e s rose. In the c lo s in g m in u te s , the th re e o ld c ro p m o n th s to u ch e d lim its in the bean p it. O il tra d e w a s c o n s id e ra b ly L q h fe r than m e a l o r b e a n s b u t n ew c ro p m o n th s w e re m o re a ttra c tiv e to the s p e c u la tiv e el em e m f 
The h ea vy d e m a n d in the c o m p le x a fte r 
(tour w eak d a y s w a s th o u g h t to h a v e been la rg e ly s p e c u la tiv e as longs a ssum ed n ew p osituons a fte r th e h e a v y s e llo ff 
T h e re was so m e s h o rt c o v e rin g e a rly , how e ve r 
W h e a t, c o rn a n d o ats p ric e s w e re gen e ra lly ste a d y to a shade h ig h e r w a rty , out w h ea t fu tu re s then c a m e u nd er som e liq u id a tin g p re s s u re a fte r the m id w a y point 
T h e n e w c ro p m o n th s w e re u nd er 
•nos! p re s s u re . C orn and o a fs a ttra c te d 
4ood c o m m e rc ia l s u p p o rt a n d , la te in th e 
Jay. c o m m is s io n house b u y in g . 
O pening o f th e session w as d e la ye d IS m in u te s because T h u rs d a y 's h ea vy vol u m e h a d c a u s e d som e b acksh op p ro b terns. 
A t the clo se, so ybe an s w e re 26 to 45 cents a b ush el h ig h e r, M a y 9.85. w h ea t w as 1>4 to 5 lo w e r. M a y 2.57’ 4; corn w as u nchanged to IV * h ig h e r. M a y 2 48*4 and oats w e re '4 lo w e r to I h ig h e r. M a y 1.74. 
O p e n 
H ig h L o w C lo s e P re v 
W H E A T (5,ooo bu) 
M ay 
2 59 
2 6o'? 2.57'4 2.57U 2.58+? 
Jut 
2.68'b 2.68*4 t 6SV4 2 65*4 2 67 
Sep 
2 75'? 2.76 
2 73 
2 73 
2.74''4 
Dec 
2 85’ ? 2 86 
2 82*4 
2 82' ? 2.84 >4 
M a r 
2 94*4 2 95 
2 9o’ 
? 2 9o' 2 2 93' ? 
M ay 
3.oo' ? 3.oo' ? 2.94' 
? 2.94' ? 2 9 9 '* 
C O R N (5,ooo b u) 
M ay 
2 47'-? 2 .4 9 '* 2 47'? 2 48*4 2.471/4 
Jut 
7.52' ? 2 53' 2 2.51*4 2.52' ? 2 S I1 2 sup 
2 56'2 2 57 
2 55 
2.55*4 2 55 
Dec 
2 59 
2 6o>4 2 58 
2 59 
2 56*4 
M a r 
2 6714 2 68*4 2.66 
2 67 
2 67 
M ay 
2 72'4 2 72'4 2.7o*4 2 .7 m 2 7o*4 
O ATS ( 5,ooo bu) 
M ay 
1 74 
1.76'? 1.74 
1+4 
1.74’ ? 
Jut 
1.64'2 I 66*4 I 64’* I 65V4 1.64*4 
5ep 
I 58' 2 1.6o'.1 1 .5 8 '* I 59 
1.58*4 
Dec 
1.62 
I 63*4 I 62 
1.63 
1.62 
M ar 
165' ? 1.661? I 64’ 2 1.641* 1.63’ 2 
S O Y B E A N S (5,ooo bu) 

The Market In Brief 
NT Slock [ich a n ie Issues 
Friday April ?9 

— 

YGlUMf 

2! 542.75o 

SHARES 

/Unchanied! 

\ 
*9 7 
J . 

DONN 

545 

ISSUES 
TRADED 

1 . 8 8 o 

 nm 
Index 
53 66 + o12 

 s & > 
Comp 
38 44 + o 24 

Do* jones Ind 
926 9 o - o 42 a 
Futures 

May 
JU) 
Aug 
>ep 
Nov 
Jan 
M ar 
M a y 
Jut 

9 5o 
9 45 
9 85 
9.83 
9 5o 
9 45 
9 85 
9 83 
9.38 
9.353 
9 25 
9.57+2 9.23 
9.57' 2 9.1o 
7 75 
8 o3 
7 75 
8 o3 
7.68 
7 o5 
7 29 
7 o5 
7 29 
7 o3 
7 o7 
7 32 
7 o7 
7 32 
7 o6 
7 12 
7 36 
7 12 
7 36 
7.o9 
7 13 
7 39 
7.13 
7 39 
7,1o 
7 2o 
7.39 
7 2o 
7 39 
7 IO 

M ay 
Jut 
Aug 
Sep 
Del 
Dec 
Jan 
M ar 
M ay 
Jut 

S O Y B E A N O IL (6o,ooo lbs) 
28.7o 
79 IO 
79 4o 
28 55 
26 9o 
26.3o 
26 oo 
25 8o 
25 6o 
26 8o 

29.5o 
29 95 
29 95 
29 32 
27.7o 
27 o5 
26.85 
26 7o 
26 55 
26 4o 

2865 
29.1o 
29.2o 
28 4o 
26 9o 
26 15 
26 OO 
25.8o 
25.6o 
25 8o 

29.45 
29 95 
29.95 
29.32 
27.7o 
27 o5 
26 85 
26 7o 
26.55 
26 4o 
S O Y B E A N M E A L (IOO tons) 

28 8o 
79.1o 
29.15 
28 4o 
26 6o 
26 IO 
25 es 
25.7o 
25 AO 
25.5o 

M ay 
271 
OO 281 oo 271 OO 281 oo 26U.oo 
Jut 
275 
OO 285 OO 774.oo 785 OO 271 oo, 
Aug 
272 
OO 281 OO 27o.OO 281 OO 268.oo 
Sep 
224 
OO 237.oo 224 OO 237 OO 222.oo 
Del 
197 
OO 2o8.oo 197 oo 2o8 OO 
193.SO 
Dec. 
19o OO 194 
SO 189 5o 194.5o 189 5o 
Jan 
189 5o 193 
5o 189 5o 193 5o 188 SO 
M a r 
19o.5o 194 
5o 19o 5o 194 5o 19o oo- 
M ay 
192 oo 195 
oo 191 oo 195 oo 192 oo 
Jut 
196 oo 197.oo 195 OO 197.oo 194.5o 

Panhandle Livestock 

A M A R IL L O , T e x . (A P ! — Not enough 
Texas P a n h a n d le and W e stern o k la h o m a feedlot sales s la u g h te r ste e rs o r h e ife rs re p o rte d F rid a y to e s ta b lis h p ric e tre n d s 
M ost fe e d lo ts a nd b u y in g srouces a lik a took a w a it a nd see a ttitu d e u n til n e x f w eek as n a tio n w id e c a rc a s s beef tra d e tlad w e a k u n d e rto n e Sales on 2oo slough ter s te e rs, no s la u g h te r h e ife rs . 
S la ug hte r s te e rs : M o s tly c h o ic e 2 4 HOO lb s 44 5o 
A M A R IL L O , T e x . (A P ) — No enough c a rlo t sales a n y c la s s fre sh beet fo r p ric e tre nd 
O v e ra ll p ric e s itu a tio n stee r and h e ife r beet v e ry u n s e ttle d a n d h a rd to de fin e 
1 re n d ot S ta p le P ric e s 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The A ssociated 
P ress w e ig h te d w h o le s a le p ric e in d e x qf 
35 c o m m o d itie s a d v a n c e d to 392.45. 
P re v io u s D a y 393 59, W eek ago 393.ITT 
M o n th ago 3 9 1 .8 ^ W a r e ye 3 1 2 . * 
^ 

H igh 
394.9o 
394 14 
368 5 7 
388 28 l-Low 

C H IC A G O (A P ) — F u tu re s tra d in g on the C h ica g o M e rc a n tile E x c h a n g e 
F ri 
J a y : 
Open 
H ig h Low C lose 
P rv 
L IV E B E E F C A T T L E (4o,ooo lb s ! 
Io n 
14 8 5 
45 6 5 44 77 
4 5.65 4 4.87 
Aug 
43 6o 
44 6o 43.6o 
44 6o 43.9o 
Oct 
43.25 
43 65 - 43 1o 
4 3 65 4 3 25 
Der 
44 22 
44 57 44 15 
44.57 44.25 
Feb 
44,35 
44 
7o 44.2o 
44.7o 4 4 4o 
A p r 
44 95 
45. IO 44.75 
45 1o 44 8o 
Jun 
45 9 5 
46.12 45.85 
46.12 4 6 oo 
Sales: Ju ne 7163, A ug 36oo, O c t 1312; 
Dec 612; Feb 115, A p ril 4o; June 25. 
O pen in te re s t 
June 22o83; A ug 2o57o; 
Oct 8416; Dec 4557; Feb 2616; A p r il 1o48, 
June 273 
F E E D E R C A T T L E (42.ooo lbs) 
M a y 
43 65 
44.o5 
43.65 b43.9o 
43.6o 
Aug 
44 5 5 
44 8 o 44 
45 b44 72 
44 4o 
Sep 
43 97 
44 35 43.97 b44 IO a43 8o 
Del 
43 95 
44.37 
43,95 
4 3 22 4 3 9o 
NOV 
44.8o 
45 IO 44 8o 
45 o5 
44 85 
M a r 
46.5o 
46 AO 45 
6o 
46.6o 
46 3o 
A pr 
47 OO 
47.oo 
47.oo 
47 oo n46 6o 
S ales: M a y 232, A ug 144; Sep 68, O ct 
148, NOV 33; M a rc h 4. A p ril I. 
Open in te re s t 
M a y 1157; A ug 1287; Sep 
128, O c t 22o7; NOV 783; M a rc h 75. A p ril 

L IV E HOGS (3o,3oo lbs) 
Jun 
Jut 
Aug 
Del 
Dec 
Feta 
A pr 
Jun 
Sales: 

43 8o 
42 7o 
44.27 
45 3o 
44 35 
43.oo 
44 oo 
42 9o 
38 85 
39 7o 
38.7o 
39 42 
39 9 5 a 39 3o 
4o oo a4o.5o a4o oo b38 97 b38 7o n4o.55 a 4o 55 
June 2344; J u ly 1332, A ug 575; 

351 14 
35 ^51 
335.64 
331.9V 4 Sop 

Dct 2oo; D ec 32, F e b 16; A p ril o, June o 
Open in te re s t: J u ne 54o3; 
J u ly 4381; 
Aug 7497, O ct 1628. Dec 36o; 
Feb 145; 
A p ril 45, June 2 
P O T A T O E S ! ru s s e t-b u ro a n k s ) (8o,ooo bs) 
M ay 
7 2o 
7.28 
7.11 a 7 .11 
7.25 
SJOV 
---------------- 
------- n7 45 n 7 .45 
W a r 
----------- n8 1o ba IO 
?vpr 
«•«,_ 
--------- 
------- n8.41 n 8 .41 
Vlay 
— 
------------------- n9 15 a?.15 
Sales 
M a y 9; N ev o; M a r o; A p r il o; 
M a y o. 
O pen in te re s t 
M a y 22o; NOV 48; M a rc h 
4; A p ril 9 M a y 15. 
S h e l l e g g s ( 22,5oo d o n 
M ay 
46 4o 
46 7o 
46 oo 
46.oo 46,4o 
Jun 
43 8o 
49 25 
-18 
6o 4 8 85 48 8o 
Jut 
52 5o 
52 95 
52 5o 52.85 
52 9o 
Sep 
58 25 
58.95 
.58 15 
58 3o 58.25 
NOV 
6o.oo 
6o.oo 
6o.oo 
6o.oo 
------- 
DOC 
62 oo 
62.oo 
62 oo 
62 OO n 62 oo 
Sales: M a y 177; J u ne 66, Jut 
13; Sap 
57; NOV I; Dec 2. 
O pen in te re s t: M a y 499, June 392, Jut n . Sep 42o, Dec 13. 
P O R K B E L L IE S (36,ooo lbs) 
M a y 
56.8o 
59 9 / 
58.75 
59 8o 58 6o 
Jut 
59 5o 
6o 65 
59 4o 6o 
5o 59 25 
Aug 
58 3o 
59 5o 
58.15 
59 
3o 58 3o 
Feb 
56 4o 
57.1o 
56.4o 
56.85 56 3o 
M a r 
------------------, b56.3o 858 8o 
M a y 
56.4o 
56 5o 
56.2o 
56 2o a55 BO 
Sales 
M a y 1o35; J u ly 5oo8; A ug 872; 
F e b 136. M a rc h o, M a y I 
Open in te re s t: 
.May 
2184; J u ly 5657; 
Aug 1779. Feb 744. M a rc h 217; M a y IOO. l f - B i d ; a — A s k e d ; n — N o m in a l 
IC E D B R O IL E R S (3o,ooo lbs) 
M a y 
41 85 
42 3o 
41 
85 42.1o 
41 8o 
Jun 
43 o2 
43.3o 
43.o2 
43.15 
43 oo 
Jut 
43 7o 
44.oo 
43 7o 43 95 
43 65' 
A uq 
43.65 
43 8 5 
43 
65 43 7o 
4 3 4o 
43.2o 4o 2o 
43 2o 
43 2o 
42 « ' 

F rid a y , A p r. 
O p t on K p> ce 
M a y 
E P 
.......... 2o a 
SA E P i ’ m Has 
■A m MOS 
,A m HOS 
<A M P 
^ 4 A M P 
B a lly 
B a lly 
B a lly 
B axte r 
B a x te r 
B a x te r 
Blk Dk 
.B lk Ok 
B lk Ok 
B oeing 
B oeing 
B oeing 
Boeing 
Bois C 
Bois C 
Bois C 
C B S 
C B S 
Coke 
Coke 
C oke 
Colqat 
C olqat 
Cm w E d 
C D a ta 
C D ata 
G o D y n 
Gn D y n 
GE Ut 
LOE Ut 
G en F d 
G en F d 
H ew tet 
H o w le t 
H In n s 
H In n s 
H onw tl 
Hon w l I 
Hon w 11 
In F ly 
In F ly 
J M a n y 
J M any 
J M a n y 
M G IC 
. 
M G IC 
M o b il 
M o b il 
M o b il 
M o b il 
N Semi 
N S em i 
N S em i 
N Semi 
N Sem i 
O ro 
Or t i 
Or ci 
, 
O ro 
R a ytbn 
R a ythn 
R a y th n 
R y n ld s 
R y n ld s 
SI urn bn 
Si urn b 
SI urn b 
S kyiln 
S kylin 
Southn 
Si Ind 
St Ind 
Tx OH 
Tx G it 
U A L 
U A L 
U A I 
U Tech 
U Tech 
. 
U Tech 
J W alt 
J W a lt 
J W a lt 
W h im s 
W h im s 

A ^ ? 
25 
'8 
5 16 
2o b 
3+» 
75 a 
H 
3o 
1 )6 a 
. 
25 a a 
3o 
I 16 
Vt 
2o 
I 
V t 
25 
1 1 o 
9 16 
3o a 
>.--• 
3o 
7 16 13 16 
35 
I 16 
*8 to 
I 16 a 
IS 
1*8 
Wa 
2o a 
+4 
25 
I 16 b 
35 
1.3' a 
12*. 
4o 
8' 2 
8 H 
45 
3' ? 
4*8 
5o b 
I '? 
25 
6*4 a 
3o 
I 7 8 
2*8 
35 
I 16 v t 
5o 
7 *b 
8 
6o 
+4 
1*8 
7o 
4 a 
8o 
+'8 15 1o 
9o 
I 16 b 
25 
+4 11-16 
3o a 
I 16 
3o 
I 16 a 
.2o 
H I 13 1o 
25 
I 16 
Vt 
5o 
2*8 
4 H 
6o 
I 16 
*6 
46’ 8 
7 's 
7 *4 
. 537s l l 16 r n 
3o 
I ' ? H 5 16 : 
35 a 
3 16 
.7o 
1' 4 
3'? 
8o 
I 16 
+41' 
1o113 16 23 16 ! 
15 
I 16 
+8 to 
IO' 2 io n 
45 
5 '* 
6 ’ a 
.5o 15-16 
2+8 
.........TO 
I 16 
*8 
25 
I 16 a 
25 
9 ' 2 a 
3o 
4*9 
4 78 
35 
7 16 
1+2 
15 
*8 
1+4 
2o a 
+8 
5o 
IS7 8 a 
6(1 
6 
6 
65 
1+4 
2' ? 
.7o 
+8 
*8 
15 
3 '4 
3+8 
2o 
+4 
13 1611 
25 
I 16 
5 16 
. 
3o a 
I 16 
35 
I 16 b 
IS a 
17+8 
2o 
77b 
B 
.25 
2 7 8 
3+2 
3o 
' o 15 16 
5o 
1o+2 a 
6o 
I'? 
3'8 
7o 
I 16 b 
6o 
41 J a 
7o 
I 16 
H I 
6o 
2 a 
6 6H 
'8 
1+4 
7o b 
>2 
15 
+8 
*9 
2o 
I 16 
' 8 
15 
I 
13 16 
5o 
3*4 
4 
SS 
+4 
I 
3o 
I 16 
*8 I 
35 
I 16 b 
2o 13 16 
2+4 
25 
I 16 
Vt 
. 3o 
I 16 a 
3o 
8*8 a 
35 
3*8 
4 
4o 
3 16 
V A 
3o 
3 's 
3'? 

Now Close a 
24 
I 16 
4 
I 
'* 
3 a 
27» 
13 16 
H 
2+» 
J,x a 

7 16 b b 
I 
$ 

3 'a 
IV* a 
7 '* 
6 ' t 
I 7* b r n 

2*8 l l 16 
6 
IT * b b 
11-16 
7 16 
5' 4 

5 16 b a 
37* l l 16 a b a 
2'/« r n 

..35 
4o 
.2o 
25 

5o 
AO 
6o 
65 
5o 
AO 
4o 
15 
5o 

 a 
I ’ n 

13 16 
*8 b b b 
8 
4 '* 
I *8 a 
4 b 
5 '* 
5 16 
5 b a l l 16 a 
T i a 
I '? l l 16 b 
2 '? 
*+ b b 
41* 
I 7* 
4' 2 
' i 13 16111 16 
J 
'a 
5 16 a 
4Vk b 
Ab l l 16 
O ct 
Jan a 
8' 7 r n 
2 '» a a 
Ab l l 16 
9 
9 Ab 
2 * i b b l*b 2 1 1 
16 
3 '? 
5 16 
15 16 19 16 

24 7 
I 
II 
26' 
2o' 
2o' 
2os 
79 
29 
29 
!6> 
! 6 'i 
16' 
48' 
48' 
48' 
48’ 
32 
3 m 
3 m 
57’ 
57' 
74 
74 
74 
24' 
24' 
28 *b 
2o' 
2o'/4 
I 3 
52 
537 
537* 
31' 
31' 
6 9 'b 
69 *b i m 
11*4 
5o'4 
5o' 
5o' a 
187» 
IS 7 
34 *s 
3 4 ' a 
3 4 ** l l * 
14*4 
6 6 '4 
AA' 4 
AA1 
66' 4 
18 '8 
18*8 
18*8 
18*8 
38 * a 
27 7* 
27 
2 7 7'8 
277b 
6o78 
6o7» 
6o 78 
64*8 
6 4 * 8 
6 1 18 
61*8 
A h8 
13*8 
13 + 
15’ 8 
5318 
53*8 
27 
27' 7 
21*4 
21)4 
21' 4 
3 8'2 
38 
38’ 2 
327a 
32 
3278 
23*4 
23* 

I 

5 16 
8 ’ h 
11/2 
5 

25 11-16 13 16 
3o 
35 
4o 
15 
2o 
-1o 
45 

I 16 
I '* 
I 16 
' 2 
I 16 
9*4 
5' 

1*8 
3 16 r n 
2*» 
7 16 l l 16 

5o113 16 
5o 
7’ ? 
AO 19 16 
7o 
.25 
3o 
.. 35 
. .3o 
. 35 
IO 
.35 
.1o 
45 
5o 

2*8 

I 16 
4' a 

15 16 a 
IO 
6*8 
3 
8*4 
2*4 l l 16 
3 
*8 
3 16 
4*8 

 r n 

 b 
7' a 

4' 2 
1*8 
7 16 a 

 i m 
36 
' 2 
5+4 
27s lls 
*8 

387s 
4o 
43*4 
45 
35 
4o 
45 
12o 
13o 
14o 
6o 
7o 
8o 
9o 
45 

35 19 16711 16 

5 16 

I 16 
6 7a 
2 
5 16 
4' a 
9 16 

3*8 
T i 
*8 
8 Ti 
4 
I Vi 
5*8 r n 
*8 

4 r n 
3 '? l l 16 b a 
2*4 b 
6*8 
37a r n b 
3*8 b 
17 16 b b 
4*8 
1+4 b l l 125*8 
5*4 125*e b 125*8 
62' 

I 16 
6*8 b 
5o115 16 29 16 
55 
3 16 l l 16 
6o 
IS 
T a 
2o 
I 16 
3o 
7 
35 
278 
4o l l 16 
5o 
5+4 
55 
2'4 
. 6 o 
9 16 
5o 
4 '4 
55 15 16 
AO 
6o 
8 U 
7o 

3 16 
T x 
Vs b 
4 
I' 2 
6' 2 
3'8 r n 
4*4 
1+4 
*8 
8'/4 

6*8 
2*8 b b b 
3'•'« 
78 b 
1+2 
+4 b 
4*8 
2 
7 
3*4 
1+4 
SU 
27 16 b 
8+4 
1*8 
2'4213 16 

2o 
25 
IO 
IS 
2o 
5o 
AO 
. 7 o 
JO 
35 
4o 
45 
. 3o 
35 
4o 
7'b 
45 
4 
. 
.5o111 16 
AO 
4o 

3' 2 
9 16 
3*4 
5 16 
I 16 
9*4 
2*8 
' 8 
IO 
57b 
2*8 
+4 
16'8 
11*8 

3 7i 
+4 b 
6 '? 
3 '? 

 b a iv? 
4 ' a 
7i b i m 
5 b b b 
4*8 

 b b 
8 'a 
5*8 
3'/4 
1/4 13 16 
4 '4 

T A 21 16 b b 
9 '4 
6*8 b b 

62' i 
62 
62' i 
51*a 
51*8 
51*8 
51*8 
16'.I 
16' 4 
37'4 
37 Ti 
37'4 
55'? 
55 
55 
537s 
537'e 
537a 
68*8 
6 8 ’ a 
61*8 
227 8 
22+s 
13*8 
13*8 
13*8 
6o'a 
6o' ii 
6o' a 
4o' ? 
4o’ ; 
4o' i 
4o' 2 
46' 4 
46'4 
46’ i 
46+4 
•16' 4 
46' 4 
437 a 

A lcoa 
A lcoa 
Am Tel 
A m T e l 
A tt R 
. 
A ll R 
Avon 
Avon 
A von 
B an k A m 
B a n k A m 
Beth S 
B eth S 
B runs 
B ru n s 
B u rl N 
B u rl N 
B url N 
B u rrg h 
B u rrg h 
B u rrg h 
C iticp 
C itic p 
C itic p 
D elta 
D e lta 
D elta 
D ig F q 
. 
D ig E g 
D ig F q 
D ig E g 
D isney 
D isney 
D isney 
D isney 
D isney 
D ow Ch 
D ow Ch 
D o w Ch 
Ju P hi du Put 
Ju P ot 
Fas Kd 
Fas K d 
Fas Kd 
Eas K d 
E xxon 
E xxon 
E xxon 
E xxon 
P N M 
F N M 
F lu o r 
F lu o r 
F lu o r 
F o rd 
Ford 
F o rd 
Gen E l 
Gen E l 
G en El 
G M 
. . . 
G M 
G M 
GI WSI 
GI Wst 
G II Wn 
. 
G it W n 
G II Wn 
Hat bin 
Mal bin 
H a lb tn 
Hon* stk 
Horn s tk 
H om stk 
Horn stk 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
HOU O M . 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
N A 
N A 
B M 
B M 
In M ar 
In H a r 
In H ar in M in 
In M in 
In M m 
In Pap 
In P ap 
In P ap 
■ T J 
T T 
John J 
John J 
Jo hn J 
Kenn C 
Kean C 
Kenn C 
K e rr M 
K e rr M 
K e rr M 
K resge 
K resge 
K re s g e 
K resge oews oews 
Loew s 
M c Don 
M c Don 
M c Don 
M e rc k 
M e rc k . 
M e rc k 
M e rci I . 
M e rrll 
M e r r il 
M M M 
M M M 
Mon san 
M onsan 
Mon san 
C R 
C R 
C R 
Nw A ir 
N w A ir 
P en n / 
P en n / 
. 
P en n / 
. 
Pepsi .. 
Pepsi 
P o la r .. 
P o la r 
P o la r 
C A 
C A 
C A 
Sears .. 
Seers 
Sears 
.. 
S perry 
S perry 
S perry 
Syntex 
Syntex 
S y n te x 
Tandy 
Tandy 
.. 
Ta nd y 
T a n d y 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Te ld yn 
T e ld yn 
Teldyn te ld y n 
Te ld yn 
Tesoro 
Tesoro 
Tex in 
Tex in 
Tex In 
U p jo hn 
U pjohn 
UpiOhn 
W eyerti 
W eyerh 
Xerox 
X erox 
Xerox 
T o ta l v o lu m e 73,663 
Open in te re s t 1,585,325 a N ot tra d e d , b No o p tio n o tte re d 

5 7 's 
57 
627b 
62 7i 
58'> 
58'? 
45'? 
45''2 
4 5 ? 
24' 7 
24’ 7 
35*8 
35*8 
14*n 
14*8 
491 
49'4 
49' 
57 
57 
57 
27 
77 
77 
34' 3 
3 4 'B 
34' a 
38' J 
38 
38' ? 
38 
35 
35 
35 
35 
35 
37' a 
37’ a 
3 71 8 

45 
7 a 
1*4 
T a 
43*8 
.26o 
7' ? 
12+4 
16' 4 258*4 
...78o111 16 
4*8 
7+4 258*4 
. 
25 
12*8 b b 
37*8 
3o 
7*9 
7+8 a 
37** 
.35 
3 
3+2 
4 
37*s 
35 
5*4 a b 
4o+8 
4o 
1*8 
2'4 
2*8 
4o*8 
45 
'4 
1 
15 16 
4o*8 
5o 
8*8 a 
9 '? 
58 
6o 15 16 
7 't 
3+8 
58 
7o 
' 8 b b 
58 
JO 
3*9 
4 
4’ a 
33** 
35 
7 16 
7 8 13 16 
3 3 H 
6o 
4*8 a 
7 
o3+4 
. 
7o 
7 16 
1+8 
2 
63'4 
8o 
I 16 
3 16 b 
o3 '4 
15 
3 '2 a 
47b 
28 
3o 
13 16 
1*8 
1*8 
28 
.. 35 
+8 
' 4 b 
28 
.. 6o 
6*8 
7 + 2 a 
66 
7o l l 16 
2'4 a 
66 
. . . 8o a 
*8 b 
66 
3o 
I ' 
21 16 
2*8 
29 
35 
+4 
*8 
1116 
29 
4o 
I 16 
>4 b 
29 
45 
I 16 b b 
29 
. 
3o 
3 
3*8 a 
37' ? 
35 
*1 
IS 16)13 16 
32’ ? 
4o a 
*9 b 
32' ? 
. 4o 
2 
3+4 
4 
397 e 
45 
' ? 15 16115 16 
3 9'n 
5o 
' 8 
*8 b 
397's 
5o 
2'2 
3' 2 a 
51+4 
6o 
Va 
*8 
Ha 
51+4 
7o 
I 16 
' a b 
51+4 
. 
15 
3 
3*8 
3*8 
17*4 
2o 
7 16 13 16 
1+8 
17m 
.25 
I 16 
3 16 b 
17*4 
5o 
I's 
2’ s215 16 
48’ 7 
.. 6o 
'/• 
7 16 a 
48'? 
7o 
8' 
9*8 a 
78H 
8o 
1*9 
3Vb 
4*8 
78*8 
9o 
5 16 
I b 
78 '8 
.3o 
4+4 
5*8 a 
337 o 
35 IS 16 
2' 8 
2*4 
33*8 
..4o 
'4 
'? 
I 
3379 
25 
1*4 
2'? a 
26 
. 3o 
'4 
*9 a 
26 
. 
25 
6' a b b 
31 
3o 
1*4 
2*8 
2*4 
31 
35 
'4 
J., 
7 8 
31 
. 7o 
2*8 
3*4 
5 
69’ e 
. 
8o 
5 16 
I a 
69 'n 
. 3o 
4' 8 
5 
5 '? 
33' 2 
. 
35 
13 16 
2 'b215 16 
33' J 
4o 
+4 13 16 b 
33' 2 
2o 
9*8 b b 
29' 7 
.2 5 
4*4 
5>/4 
5*4 
29' ? 
3o 
I ' a 113 16 
2+4 
29' ? 
. 5o 
7' 2 
8*9 
8+'2 
57** 
6o 
I 
2 'a215 16 
57* h 
., 7o 
'8 
. 
V* b 
57*9 
-.35 
I ' 8 
2+4 
3 
34' 4 
4o 
3 16 
*8 
I 
34'4 
45 
I 16 b b 
34- 4 
.. 15 
2*8 
3+4 
3*4 
17+8 
..2 o 
*8 
7e 
1+4 
177 a 
25 
I 16 
3 16 
I) 
1771 
3o 
I I H 16 
2 '? 
28'a 
.35 
Va 
' 2 
I 
28*b 
. 
4o 
' 8 
3 16 a 
28*8 
. 45 
I 16 
I-1 6 b 
28*e 
SO 
17*4 a a 
67' e 
53*8 
14*8 
16 b 
67'8 
55 
13 
14*8 a 
67 * a 
58' 4 
9+s 
I I la b 
67*6 
6o 
8*4 
1o*8 
12 
6 7 '. 
68 
3*9 
5*9 b 
67*e 
. . 7o 29 16 
4*8 
6 
67*e 
1o211 16 
278 
3+8 
12*6 
15 
3 16 
*8 
*8 
12* 8 
8o 
3*8 
5+? 
71/4 
79'4 
9o 
*B 
2215 16 
79*4 
IOO 
+8 
+2 b 
79*4 
3o 
2'4 
3 '8 
3*4 
31' 2 
35 
*8 
*8 
1+4 
31' 2 
4o 
' 8 
'4 b 
31’ 2 
. 4o 13 16 
2 
2*4 
38' 2 
45 
'4 l l 1o 
1'8 
38' ? 
45 77 16 
3*8 
4*9 
45' ? 
SO IM A 19 16 
2*8 
45' 2 
6o 
Mi 
Vt b 
45' 2 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - O v e r th e C o u n te r 
U S. G o v e rn m e n t T re a s u ry norm s, w e e k ly h ig h , tow a nd ctosm q a sked p ric e s , th e net c h an ge fro m the p re v io u s w e e k 's d o s in g asker; p ric e and y ie ld 
R a te M a tu r ity H igh lo w 
I 
6 7a M a y 7?n 1oo.4 1oo 3 IOO 3 
9 
M a y 77ri IOO 7 IOO 5 IOO 5 
6 *x M a y 7 7 n IOO 7 IOO 5 IOO 5 
6 ‘ 2 Jun 77n IOO 171oo 1o1oo IO 

L a s tC h g Y ie ld f 
3 92 
4 
2 
3 
3 
4 
7 *? J u l 77n IOO 761oo 231oo 73 
7 *4A u g 77n IOO 3o1oo 281oo 28 
S' .A u g ?7n ID I 71o1 5 1o1 5 ~ .3 
8 *xS ep 77n IQI 161oV 131o1 13— .5 
7 '? O c t 77n 1o1 1o1o1.7 1o1 8 — 
3 
7 *4N a v 77n IO! 171o1.141o1 14— .4 
6 -x N o v 77n IOO 311oo 281oo 7 1 - 3 
7' 4 D e c 77n ID I 141o1 121o1 12 
.4 

Colton 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — C o tto n fu tu re s No. w e re h ig h e r a t m id d a y 
The a v e ra g e p ric e fo r s tric t lo w m id d lin g l l 16 in ch sp ot c o tto n a dva nce d 2o 
;X)ints to 71.47 c e n ts a p ou nd T h u rs d a y o r the IO le a d in g m a rk e ts , a c c o rd in g to the New Y o rk C otton E x c h a n g e 
M id d a y p ric e s w e re $4.75 to $6 76 a b ale h ig h e r th a n th e p re v io u s clo se M a y 75,5o, 
JU 75 85 and O d 72.5o. 
O pe n 
H ig h 
C o w C lo s e 
P re y . 
C O TTO N , No. 2 ( 5o,ooo lbs) 
M a y 
Jo! 
O d 
Dec 
M a r 
M a y 
Jut 
O d 

74 TO 
747 o 
71 7o 
67 85 
68 SS 
68 9o 

76 OO 
76 36 
73 oo 
68 83 m 2o 
69 5o 

74 2o 
74 7o 
71 TO 
67 85 
68 53 
68 9o 

Sales: 4,25o. a sked , b b id , n n o m in a l. 

76 oo 
74 7o 
72.5o 
68 35 b 6ri 9o b69 3o b«9 SO 
o69.2o 

74 15 
74 7o 
7155 
67 9/ 
68 55 
69.oo 
69 JO 
68 7Q 

 l l 
4 SS 
4 14 
4 45 
4 58 
4 .5 ’ 
4 8; 
4 8 9 
4 9 9 
5 o7 
5. I I 
5 3o 
5 31 
5 3o 
S 39 
5 42 
I 48 
S 48 
5 52 
5.58 
5 66 
5 71 
5.74 
5.73 
5 78 
5 85 
5 87 
5 9o 
L 
5.91 
,1o 5 9? 
.7 
6.o1 
6 OO 
A o7 
A o7 
6 o8 
6 o2 
A o3 
6 IO 
6 16 
6.24 
A 25 
6.24 
6 21 
A 28 
5 97 
6 35 
A 34 
6 32 
6 44 
.13 6 44 
IO 6 52 

6 + J a n 78n 1oo 291oo 251oo 25 
6 ' 4F e b 78n IOO 261oo 231oo 23- 
8 
F e b 78n 1o2 7 1o2 5 1o2 5 - 
6 * 4 M a r7 8 n 1o1.1o1o1 6 1o1 6 — 
o ‘ -A p r 78n 1o1.4 1o1 I IC I I - 
V s M a y 78n 1o2,1o1o1 2 o 1 o 1 .2 o - 
77s M a y 78n 1o2 151o2721o2 12 
7’ .M a y 7 8 n 1o1 251o1.211o1 2 1 - 
6 + J u n 78n ID I 171o1 141o1 1 4 - 
6 7s J u t 78n 1o1.181o1 1 4 1 o 1 7 4 -- 
7 »Auq 78n 1o2 161o2 111o2.11- fl+4A u g 78n 1o3 781o3 221o3 22- 
6 >»Auq 78n 1o1 91o1 4 1o1.4 - 
6 + Sep 78n 1oo.251oo 2o 1oo 2 o - 
5 's O c t 78n 1oo.7 1oo 1 1oo7 - 
A 
NOV 78n 1oo.121oo o1oo A - 
AG N o v 78n IOO 
99 75 99 2 5 - 
5 U D e c 78n 
99.4 
98 3o 98 3 o - 
V iD e c l i d 1o3 221o3 1 4 1 o 3 7 4 - 
57'sJa n 79n IOO 2 
99 25 99 25— 
7 
F e b 79n 1o1.3o1o1 211o1 2 1 - 
5 ’ s F e b 79n 
99 3o 99 21 99 21 — 
6 
M a r 79n IOO 5 
99 28 9 9.2 8 — 
57s A p r 79n 
9o ?8 99 2o 99 2o— 
77s M a v 79n 1o3 231o3.1o1o376— 
7*4 Ju n 79n 1o3 211o3 141o3.14 -- 
5 '.,A u g 79n IOO 1 5 1 o o 7 o 1 o o 7 o - 
6 7«A u g 79n 1o1 231o1 161o1 -1 o - 
8 '? S e p 
79n 1o5.9 1o5 
1o5 
— 
6 'b N o v 
79n 
IOO 91oo 
IOO 
— 
6 * bNO v 79n 1o1 41oo 291oo.29— 
7 
NOV 79n IO? 21o1 261o1.26— 
7 '? D e c 79n 1o3 7 1o2 311o2.31 — 
I 
F e b 8o 
95 6 
9 5 7 
95 I + 
6 ' ?Feb 8on IOO 241oo.121oo I? - 
7 '? M a r8 o n 1 o 3 7 2 1 o 3 7 1o3.1 — 
67sM a y 8 o n 1 o 1 241o1761o1 1 6 - 
7*-b Ju n 8on 1o3.221o3.111o3.11 — 
9 
A u g 8on 1o7 2 71o7.151o7.15- 
6 7sSep 8on 1o1.181o1.2 1o1 2 - 
3' /NO V 8o 
92 
8 92 3 
92 3 + . I 
6 o? 
S 's D e c 8on 
98 
5 97. IR 9 7.1 8 — .14 
o.64 
7 
F e b S in 1o1 2o1o1 2 1o1.2 
. 14 o.o8 
7 *8 F e b S in 1o2.281o? 8 1o2 8 — .1? 6 69 
679 M a r8 ln 1o1.2 1oo 161oo 1o— .15 o.73 
7* B M a y B in 1o2 261o7.8 1o2 8 — .1? 6.73 
7 
A u g 81 
1o2 
ID I .28 IO 1 .2 8 - . 14 6 49 
7 *s A u g S in 1o3 2o1o2 261o2 7 6 - .2 o 6 86 
7 
NOV S in 1o1 111oo 2o1oo.2o— .18 A 8 f 
7 * iN o v S in 1o4 41o3.2o1o3 2o— 7 3 6 8? 
A’ s F e b 82n 
97 
23 97 2 
97.2 — .14 
6 85 
6 + F e b 82 
99 
6 98 2o 9 8 .2 o — .14 
6.71 
8 
M a y 82n 1o5 8 1o4 261o4 26— .1o 6 85 
7 
M a y 8 2 n 1o1.6 1oo 1 7 1 oo 7 7 — .15 6.88 n A u g 8?n 1o5 2 6 1 o 5 7 o 1 o 5 7 o - 7 o 6 91 
77e N o v 8?n 1o4.261o4 61o4 6 — .12 6 95 
8 
F e b 83n 1o5 8 1o4.2o1o4 2 o - .17 7 o2 
3+4 Jun 
78 83 
84 A 
83 28 8 3 28— 7 4 6 49 
7 
NOV 83n 1oo7299 21 9 9 .2 1 — .19 7 o7 
7' 4 F e b 84n 1o1 A IOO 8 IOO B — 1.25 7 21 
6 'a A u g 84 
98 
97.15 9 7.1 5 — . 13 6.83 
3 '4 M a y 85 
79.12 79 
79 
— .8 
6 66 lU M a y 75 85 
84 8 
84 
94.3 . . . . 
A 85 
77sM a y 8 6 n 1o3 261o3 4 1o3 4 — ,2o 7.39 
8 
A u q 
86n 
1o4.271o4 
1o4 
— .2o 7.39 
6' a N o v 86 
95 6 
94 2o 9 4 .2 o — .6 
6 87 
3' ?Feb 9o 
73 2o 73 4 
73 6 — .8 
6 64 
M a y 9o 
1o6.241o6.8 1o6.8 — 7 8 7 48 
4' jA u q 87 92 75.16 75 
75 
— 
.1o 6 92 
I 
F e b 88 9374 8 
73 22 73 24 — . 14 6.72 
6 ’ iF e b 93 
97 
96 14 9 6 7 4 — . IS 7 7 2 
?AugB8 931o1 41oo.3o1oo 3o— .6 
7 38 
•l's M a y 89 94 
7474 74.2 
74 4 + .8 
6 7 o 
- 
F o b VS 
73 4 
72 26 72 3o— .2 
5 38 
M a y 93 98 
99 6 
97 3o 97.3o— 
3o 7.11 
3' /NO V VS 
73 8 
72.26 73 
+ .2 
5.69 
8' ?M ay 94 99 1o7 281o7 151o7.15— .17 7.71 
77,8 F e b 95 OO IO? 81o1 21o1.21— ..2 1 .7 .7 o 
8 1 ‘iA ug 
95 oo 
1o6 281o6 161o6 16 - 7 6 7 71 
9 
A ug 
96 o1 
1o3 741o2 3o1o2.3o— 7 6 7.74 
81/bMay oo o5 1o6.8 1o5 181o5 18- 
7 8 7 73 
7 *8F o bo 2 o799 22 98.22 9 8 . 2 2 - .31 7 76 
T re a s u ry Notes 
P ric e s q uo ted in d o lla rs a d th ir ty seconds 
S ubject to 
F e d e ra l ta x e s b u t no t to 
S ta te in com e ta x e s .__________ 

Foreign Exchange 

N E W Y O R K ( A P I- F o r e ig n E x c h a n g e , 
N e w Y o rk p ric e s . 
. F g n .c u rre n c y 
D o lla r in in d o lla rs fg n . c u rre n c y 
. F r i . 
Tho. 
F ri. 
Thu. 
A rg e n tin a 
oo2865 oo2915 
349.oo 343 oo 
A u s tra lia 
I 1o55 I 1o6o 
.9o45 
.9o41 
A u s tria 
o597 
o598 
16 73 
16.7? 
B e lg iu m 
o278 
o276 
35 91 
36 7 5 
B ra z il 
o75? 
o752 
13 29 
13.29 
B rita in 
I 7195 17195 
.5815 
.5815 
3 o d a y fu f. 
I 7155 I 7147 
5829 
5831 
AOdayfuV 
17o95 I 7o9? 
5849 
.585o 
9 od ayfu V 
I 7o5o I 7o4o 
5865 
5868 c a n a d a 
956o 
954o I o46o 1.o468 
C h ile 
OSA? 
o562 
17 77 
17.77 
C o lo m b ia 
o272 
o272 
36 66 
36 66 
D e n m a rk 
.1678 
1679 
5.9565 
5.9525 
E g y p t 
156 
I 56 
. 641o 
641o 
E c u a d o r 
o4oo 
.o4oo 
25.oo 25 OO 
F ra n c e 
2o19 
. 2o15 
4.9515 4 9615 
G re ece 
o274 
.o274 
36 49 
3o.49 
H o lla n d 
4o98 
4o78 
2 44oo 2 452o 
Hong K on g 
215o 
215o 
4 651o 4 651o 
Ira n 
o139o .o139o 
71 5o 71.5o 
Is ra e l 
1o61 
1o61 
9 425o 9 425o 
Ita ly 
.oo1128 oo1128 
886.65 886.8o 
Japan 
oo36o1 oo361o 
277 7 o 277 oo 
J o rd a n 
3.o12o 3 o12o 
.332o 
332o 
K u w a it 
3 484o 3.484o 
.287o2 . 287o2 ebanon 
3289 
3289 3.o4oo 3 o4oo 
M e x ic o 
o44) 
.o442 
22 65 
22.6o 
N o rw a y 
1895 
1898 
5 2765 5.268o 
P eru 
o131 
o131 
76.33 
76.33 
P h ilip p in e s 
.1356 
1356 3 3746 7 3746 
P o rtu g a l 
o259 
o259 
38.57 38.57 
S a u d iA ra b . 
2829 . 2829 
3.5348 3.5348 
So A fric a 
M 525 1.1525 
8676 
3676 
S pain 
o145 .o145 
68 7o 
68 7o 
Sweden 
23o7 
23o7 
4.333o 4 333o 
S w itz e rla n d 
3979 
3968 
2 513o 2 52oo 
3 o d a y fu t, 
3985 
3974 
2.5o94 2 5163 
AOdayful 
3991 .398o 
2.5o56 2 5o25 
9 o d a y fu f. 
3999 
. 3989 
2..5oo6 2.5o68 
U ru g u a y 
.2283 
.2283 4 38o2 4.38o? 
V enezuela 
.2331 
2331 4 29oo 4 29oo 
W G e rm a n y 
.4255 
4241 2 35oo 2 3574 
3 o d a /fu t. 
4258 
4244 2 3485 2 356o 
6 odavfut 
4261 
4247 2 3468 2 3546 
9 o d a y fu t 
4264 
4251 
2.3452 2 3523 
S ource 
B ank of A m e ric a . N e w Y o rk . 

The 
M a r k e t«« 
Analysis 

D O V JOKES 

3 8 I K O U S I I I I I S 
1 
, 1 
^ 
7 
3 

AMEX O pflons 

 f ' d a y A o r 
O ptio n & p ric e 
M a y 

Mon 
Toe f e d ’ Tho 

■ 1 9 7 7 a 

Metals 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — Spot n o n fe rro u s m e ta l p ric e s F rid a y : 
Copper 73’ii c e n ts a p o u n d , U S d e s ti­ n atio ns. le a d 31 c e n ts a p o u n d ; zinc 37 cents a p ou nd , d e liv e re d ; tin $4 845o a pound. N e w Y o r k ; q o td $147.25 p e r tro y lunce. N e w Y o r k ; s ilv e r $4 725 p e r tro y ounce. 
N e w 
Y o r k ; q u ic k s ilv e r 
$148 oo n o m in a l p e r fla s k . N e w Y o rk 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — Spot c o m m o d ft p ric e s (W h o le s a le ): 
P re v . Yea 
T o d a y D a y 
Age 
A lu m in u m ,lb ,N Y . 
,51 
,51 
41 
A n tim o n y . A m e ric a n 
1 78 
1 7 8 
1 6o 
C opper, E le c tro ly tic 
.73Mi 
7 3 '• 
G old, tro y oz N Y 147 25 
145 AO 
S ilv e r, tro y oz. N Y 4.725 
47o2 
Lead, Ib 
P ig Iro n , l.o .b . 
31 
31 

.7o*1 
128 4o 
4.455 
.22+4 g iro n , t.o .b . to r y 
B u ffa lo , G rsstn?1o 19 
21o 19 
P la tin u m .try z N Y 162 OO 
162 oo 
O u ic k s lv r F ls k N Y 155 OO 
155 oo 
Steel s c ra p , g ro ss to n , 
P hil,! C hi. P itts 
7277 
72 17 
T in , Ib 
N Y 
4 845o 
4.8569 
Zinc. lb 
37 
LO N D O N (A P ) — C lo sin g m e ta ls in pounds s te rlin g p e r m e tric ton 
S pot 
B id 
A s k e d 
B id 
Coppa r 
793 OO 
794 OO 
81? OO 
Tin 
5635 oo 
5645 oo 5725.oo 
I ead 
393 OO 
394 OO 
391 OO 
7 mc 
381 oo 
381 5o 
39o 5o 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) - P itts b u rg h s c ra p steel No. I h e a v y w a s q uo ted F rid a y by iro n Age a f $74.oo 75.oo. 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — S ilv e r fu tu re s F r i­ day on th e N e w Y o rk C o m m o d ity E x change. 
O p e n 
H ig h 
L o w C lo s e 
P re v . 
N .Y . S ILC E R (5,ooo tro y oz) 
F E 
47o.5o476.5o47o.5o 476 oos 
F E 
475 5o481 oo475 
IO 48o 2oS 
F E 
48o 6o485 5o48o.5o 
485 8os 
F E 
488 6o485 5o488 OO 493.5os 
F E 
49o 5o495.oo49o 5o 496 1os 
F E 
495 7 o5 oo.5o4957o 5o1 3os 
F E 
5o3 4o5o7 oo5o3 4o 5o6 5os 
FE 
5o9 oo511,oo5o7 
8o S11./Os 
F E 
514 oo514 oo514 
oo 516 9os 
Sales e s tim a te d 
9,3oo. s s e ttlin g 

21392 
155 OO 
128 OO 

9o 83 
3.6117 
37 
.37 

F u tu re s 
A sked 

813 oo 
573o.oo 
392 oo 
391 oo 

469 4o 
474 5o 
479 oo 
487 3o 
489 9o 
495 oo 
5oo 3o 
5o5 5o 
51o.7o 

S IL V E R (5,ooo tro y oz) 

479.oo 472.7o 
479 SO 476 oo 
484 OO 478 OO 
489 OO 483 OO 
494 OO 488 OO 
498 5o 493 OO 
5o3.5o 498 oo 
5o8 OO 
Vt 
513 OO 5o9 OO 
518 OO 514 OO 

M a y 
Jun 
Jul 
A ug 
C r* 
Dec 
Feb 
A pr 
Jun 
Aug 
Oct 
Dec 

H ere is the g o ld fu tu re s day, A p ril 29, 1977: 
O pen 
H ig h 
C h ic a g o M e rc a n tile 
1oo-Troy ounce c o n tra c ts 
Jun 
146 9o 148.3o 146 
Sep 
149 oo 15o 4o 148 
Dec 
15o 
8o 152 SO 15o 
M a r 
153 
3o 154 7o 153 
Jun 
155 
7o 157 IO 155 
Sep 
— 
S ales: Ju ne 125o; Sep 
M a rc h 4o. Ju n 13. Sep o 

476 5o 
478.5o 
479 5o 
482 8o 
488 OO 
493 oo 
498 oo 
5o3oo 
5o8 OO 
513.oo 
518.oo 
523oo 

471.5o 
472 OO 
475.oo 
477.2o 
482 OO 
487 oo 
492 5o 
497 7o 
5o2.7o 
5o7 7o 
512.7o 
517 7o 

 tra d in g fo r F ri 

L o w C lo se 
P rv 
E x c h a n g e 

TO 148 2o 146 2o 
7o 15o.oo 148 OO 
8o 152 4o 15o 4o 
3o 154.oo 152.8o 
7o 157 IO ISS 2o 
159 6o 157 8o 
282; 
Dec 
16o; 

A M F 
A M P 
A S A . . 
A S A 
A S A 
A v n e t 
A vn et 
B a lly 
B a lly 
B a lly 
, 
C a fe rp 
C a te rp 
C a le ra 
Con F d 
Con E d 
Con E d 
D r P ep 
D r Pep 
E l P as 
E l Pas 
E l P a s r le e 'w 
F le e tw 
F le e tw 
G ra c e 
G ra c e 
L a Pac l a P a c 
L a Pac 
M G IC 
M G IC 
N D st 
N D-St 
N Sem i 
N Sem i 
N S em i 
N o r! S 
N o r! S 
P enney 
P en n ey , 
P enney 
P h il P 
. 
P h il P 
P h il P 
.. 
Res OO 
Res O G 
Res OO 
Sear Ie 
S e a rle 
S im p P 
S im p P 
S te r-ig 
Tent! co 
Tcmnco 
T ig e r t ig e r 
Z e nith 
Z e n ith 
Z e n ith 

A etn a 
A etn a 
A m C ya 
A m Cya 
A m H o rn 
A m Horn 
A m H orn 
A s a rc o 
A sa rco 
A sarco 
Beat f 
B u rra h 
B u r r g h 
B u rrg h 
B u r r g h 
B u r rq h 
Chase 
Chase 
Chase 
C TCI 
D e e re 
D eere 
D e ere 
D ig E q 
D ig E q 
D ig E q 
D ig E q 
O jo f q 
D ia E q 
D ig E q 
D is n e y 
D isn e y 
D is n e y 
D isney 
D isn e y du P e t d u P m du P n ! 
F s t Ch 
F s t Ch 
G Tel 
G Tel 

7o 
25 l l * 
15 
37» 

79n a 
4»4 
4+9 
TO 
7 1o 17 16 
2 
75 a 
H 11 1* 
IS 
3 'y 3*9 
3*9 
. . 
TO l l * 7 1o 
>« 
2o t5 16 23 16213 16 
25 
3o 
5o 
55 
6o 
1$ 
2o 
25 
IO 
IS 
IO 
. 15 
2o 
IO 
.1 5 
,2o 
24 
.3o 
IO 

I 16 a 
4*9 
*9 b 
/ '» 
2' ? a 
I ’ ? 
I-16 
V t 

*9 1376 
*% 
5*9 
2 
*9 
3 
! ’ • a b 
2 '? 29 16 
Mi 
3 16 

3-16 

J|7»115 16 a b a 
I 16 
5 
7 16 
S 'I 

2 
'n 
I 16 
5 

2'? 

 b 
2*9 
S 16 
1*41 

 a 
5 '9 
I 15 16 b b 
15 l l 1o 15 16113 16 

IS 
2o 
3 16 
*9 
1*9 
2o a 
3 16 
25 
31o 
*9 
3o 
116 b 
15 
V A 
4 
2o 
<4 13 16 
25 
.15 
. 7 o 
35 
4o 
45 
TO 
55 
<o 
MO 

3*4 

*4 
3 '4 
*9 
3 '2 
I a 
5 
73 16 

15 27 16 
2o 
>« 
1o113 16 
IS 
I 1o 
1*9 
I 16 

2 7» 

IO 
15 
15 
3o 
35 
IO 
IS 
.. TO 
..2 5 
. 
3o 

3o 
, 3 5 
25 
3o 
25 
3o 
35 
15 
2o 
25 
25 
5o 

 a 
3 's 
V* 
I 
I 16 b 
I 16 
I 16 
Ju l 
3 
'? 
? '* 
1 16 
2 * 4 
*9 
I 16 
6 * . 
2 

6 
3+4 
1*9 b 
3*9 l l IO 
2+4 27 16 
3 16 
5 16 
2 29 16 
5 16 
<7 
5 16 1 1 1 6 
3*4 
3+2 
*9 
I 
1 + 2 
1 * 4 
I IO 
+4 
2*921316 
*9 
*9 a a 
O c t 
Jan 
3*4 
4 *9 
I 
17 16 a 
2*4 
'? 
3*9 l l 16 b b 
3 '9 
1+4 a a 

NOV C lo s# 
1*9 
197* 
19*v 
I t 
19 l f l l 

 tS '9 
Si 
54+2 
54'» 
54* 2 
22*9 
72*9 
72*9 
11*9 
11*9 
1 6 * 
1679 
1 6 '* 
11*9 
11»» 
11*9 
JO1 * 
3o’ » 
15»* 
15*9 
15*9 
14*4 
14 t'4 
24*x 
24*4 
18*9 
18*9 
18*9 
18*9 
18*. 
37-4 
37*4 
37'4 
$3'9 
53’ 9 
53'4 
17+4 
17+4 
17+4 
11*9 
11*4 
11*4 
11*4 
14 
33+. 
3 3 '9 l l l l 
22 i i 
22 

 a 
1*9 a 
9 * b 
4*9 
1+4 
*9 a a 
4*9 
I 7. 

3 '. 
*9 b 
6+? 
?7» 
*9 l l 16 
*2 
7I 
7' 7 
8*9 
6o 17 16211 16 
3 '* 
TO 
8o 
9o 
25 
. 3 o 
35 
15 
25 
3o 
35 
.35 

V9 
I 16 a 
5* ? 

*9 a 
I 16 
B 

?+» 
5 1o 
4+7 

9 16 
7+4 
3 
*9 
579 
4o 19 16 
3 
45 
7 IS l l 16 
3 16 b 
I 16 
7 16 
I 16 b 
I 16 

17 16111 16 
<4 
S 16 
*9 l l 16 b 

46*9 
. 
5o 
53*9 
6o 
35111 16 
3 8 ". 
> 
4o 
*8 
43*4 
I 
45 
12o 
13o 
14o 

 a 
6*9 
2 
5 16 

2 * 4 b 

8 7« 
3 79 t '9 

3*9 
I 
6*» 
3 79 
1*4 b b b 

3 *» b 
1*9 b b 

32*9 
32*» 
77'4 
27+4 
27' a 
27+4 
27+4 
21*9 
2 1*. 
21*9 
2 4 *. 
57 
57 
57 
57 
57 
*9? 
$ 
3o 
15*9 
317. 
317. 
317* 
38*2 
3 8 '^ 
3 8'? 
3f+? i f * a 
38'? 
38'/? 
35 
35 
35 
35 
35 

15 23 16 27 16 

11*9 125'9 
5*9 125+7 b 125+9 

2o 
25 
3o 
4 7. 
5 16 b 

3 '9 
9 16 b 

17’ . 
17+9 

<7 15 16 l l 16 

New Y ork C o m m o d ity E x c h a n g e 
IOO tro y oun ce c o n tra c ts 
Jun 
146 8o148 7o146 8o 148 oos 
146 2o 
Am i 
147 9o149 3o147.9o 149 3os 
147 5o 
Oct 
15o oo15! oo)49 6o 15o.8os 
149 OO 
Dec 
51o.1o152.4o151 OO 152.4os 
15o 6o^ re b 
152 6o153 4o15? 6o 154.oos 
15? 3o 
Jun 
156 5o157.3o156.oo 157 4os 
155 6o 
A ug 
158-4o158 4o158.4o 1S9.1oS 157 3o 
Sales e s tim a te d 2,421. s s e ttlin g . 

Selected w o rld g o ld p ric e s F rid a y . 
Lon do n : m o rn in g fix in g 
$146 5o, up 
$o 9o, a fte rn o o n fix in q $147 25, up $1 65. 
P a ris : a fte rn o o n fix in g $148 65, u p $o.59. 
F ra n k fu rt: clo se $146.68, o ff $o 13 
Z u ric h : $147.oo b id u p $1.75; 
$147.75 asked 
H andy 
& 
H a rm a n base p ric e . 
N e w 
Y o rk : $147.25, up SI 65 
E n g e lh a rd s e llin g p ric e . 
N e w 
Y o rk : 
$14775. up $1.65 

 c a i c 
3+4 
3*8 
3*4 
28'9 
G ille t 
. 
3o 
5 16 
11 8 
28' a 
.C-oodyr 
2o 
9 16 15 1o 
1+4 
19' ? 
G o o d y r 
25 
I 16 
3 16 a 
19'? 
G re y b d 
. . . . I S 
3 14 
*9 
V t 
14+9 
G u ll O 
. 
25 
3' 2 
3*9 a 
28 '* 
G u lf O 
3o 
Vt i i l l 16 
28*4 
H e rc u l 
...2 o a 
2*8 
3+9 
21*4 
H e rc u l 
.25 
3 16 
*9 
15 16 
71*4 
H F C 
. 
2o 
7 16 l l 16 15 16 
2 o 's 
L illy 
4o 
I 
1*9 
2*9 
3 8'9 
L illy 
. 
45 
>/4 
*9 l l 16 
38+s 
L illy 
. . . .. 
5o a 
+4 b 
38'» 
M e r r il .. 
. 1 5 
2+8 
3+4 
3*8 
17*9 
M e rr il 
. . . 2 o 
*8 13 16 
1 '» 
17*4 
M e rr il 
. 
25 
I 16 
+4 b 
17*4 
M esa P 
. 3o 
4+4 
4+4 
5+? 
33+4 
M esa P 
, . .35 IM A 
2213 16 
33'4 
M e s a P 
,. 4o 
3 16 l l 16 l l 16 
33+4 
M o frla 
. . 4 o 
4+4 
5' a a 
43*8 
M o trla 
.45 l l 16 
2*9 
2*9 
43*8 
P fiz e r 
. 
25 
1*8 
1*4 
2+4 
257» 
P fiz e r 
. 
..3 o 
+8 
•A 
>? 
2S7» 
P he lp s 
. .. .3o a 
4' ? a 
33G 
P he lp s 
35 
9 16 a a 
33*4 
Ph M o r 
..5 o 
4*8 
5+2 
6 '? 
54 
P h M o r 
. 
AO a l l 16 a 
54 
P itn e y 
.. 2o 
*8 13 16 
1+4 
IS '4 
P roc G 
7o 
7*9 
8 *9 a 
77"? 
P ro c G . 
. HO 
1+4 
2*9 
3+2 
77'? 
P ro c G 
.IO O 
I 16 b b 
7 7 '? 
R ite A 
. . . IS 
'? 
IS 16 IS 16 
14*9 
St Cal 
35 
5+4 b b 
* o ’ 7 
St Cal 
. 
4o 13 16 
1*4 
2*4 
4o’ 7 
St Cal 
. . .. 4 5 
3 1o 
*9 a 
4o+7 
T R W 
. . . 3 5 29 1o a a 
3o+7 
T R W 
.. .4o a 
15 16 17 16 
36+7 
T a n d y 
3o l l 1o111*1o 23 1o 
28*9 
T a nd y 
. . .35 
3 16 
*9 
I 
28*9 
T a nd y 
.. 4o a 
+4 
*9 
28+s 
T andy 
IS 
I 16 
> i b 
28*9 
T exaco 
.. .25 
T a 
2+4 27 16 
26+8 
T e x a c o 
. 
3o 
I 16 
3 1o 
5-16 
2o 79 
U C a rp . . . 5 o 
4'2 
5’ 7 
6 
54*4 
U C a rb 
.. 4o 
*8 15 16 
1*9 
54*4 
U S S I 
,,.4 5 17 16 
2*9 
3+4 
45*9 
U S S ! 
...5 o 
5 16 
*9 
1+8 
45*8 
W rn L m 
25111 1o a a 
26+4 
W rn L m 
. 3 o 
+8 
*9 
*9 
26' 4 
W estng 
.. . 1 5 
57/i 
o 
o+4 
21’ a 
W estng 
. . . 2 o 17 16 21 16 
7 '’? 
21+8 
W estng 
...2 5 
+4 
7 1o 
*4 
2 1 'b 
T o ta l v o lu m e 33,12o 
Open in te re s t 1,o4o,589 a N o t tra d e d , b No o p tio n o ffe re d 

Philadelphia Options 

O ptio n 
A b b ! L M ay45 
A bb! L A ug 4o 
A b b ! L A uq 45 
A bb! L Aug5o 
A lib i I Nov45 
Aliet C JUI4o . . 
A b d C J u l4 5 
A lia C J u '5 o 
A lld C O ctfO 
A lld C O c l4 5 
A lid C O d SO 
A n d C Jan4o 
A llis C JUI2o . 
A ilis C Jut25 
. 
A llis C J u l3 o 
A llis C O ct25 . ■ 
A llis C Oc»3o 
A llis C Jan3o 
A Hess M ay2o. 
A Mess M a y 25 
A Hess M ay3o 
A ess M a y 3 5 
A Hess Aug25 
H ess Aug3o 

Sates O pen 
N et N .Y . 
(1oos) in t.H ig h L o w L a s t C h g.Close 
7 
52 
1o8 
2 
71 
2o 
12o 
IO 
14 
19 

394 
27 
29o 
354 
34o 
295 
745 

3*8 
*4 ix 

+9 
1*9 
+2 

IM , 
4 ' b 

I 16 
3 *9 + I Ma 
V t........... 
>/4.............. r n ........... 
37«— 1*9 
1+8 
3+4 
1*915 1o 1 *9 + 1 -1 o 
2755 16 
'4 5-16 - I 16 
46 
5+4 
4+4 
4*4— I 
36o 
219 
2 
2+8—7-16 
I? 
29o9 169 169 1o— 
5 l l ) 5*9 5*9 
5*9— 
U 
2 
11 9 
9 
9 
— 1+4 
141 
817 5 '9 
4+4 
5 '9 ............ 
322 151o11 1 1611 1o1*9— 3 16 
19 
344 5*9 
5 '4 
5*9— 
*4 
243 
945 2'/? m 
2 + 8 - 
+• 
117 
2*4 
72 I? 
455 
V a 
534 174o 
3+8 
685 51555 16 
134 
849 
8 '8 

67 
5o 
194 

2 ! 
12 
6*9 
1*9 

2+4+ 
Va 
17 
* 
'? 
77/b + 2 
3+8 + 1*9 
«5 16 + 3 16 
6+4 
8' a * 
1*9 
192 147o 
4211 16 
4 k l ' ? 
A Hess Aug35 , 
413 
3823 
1*911 16 1*8+11 16 
A Hess Nov3o 
17 
9oo 
4*9 
3+a 
4*9 + 
1+8 
A M ess N ov35 . 
141 
1o711 15 1615 16115 16 + *9 
Ash 1 O Jul3o 
44 
193 
4+4 
3+2 
4' 8 + 
*9 
Ash I O Ju l 35 
73 1336 
Vt 
*9716— 3 16 
Ash I O O d 3o 
14 
12o 
4*4 
3 '« 
4*8 + 
*8 
Ash! O o(135 
111 
832 
1+4 
I 
1 '9 -f I 16 
Ash I O Jan 3o 
5 
4*8 
479 
478. . 
A shl O Jan35 
26 
19 
1+e 
1*8 
I |Ahw_ 
Vt 
B luebl Jul 25 
29 
64 
3' 
2*8 
3 '2 ~ 
+8 
B iu eb l 
Joi3o 
39 
8115 16 
*915 16 + I 16 
B iuebi Oc 125 
8 
8 
3*4 
3*8 
3' 2— 
1+8 
B iuebl Oct3o 
98 
12o 
1*8 
I 
1 * 9 - 
1/4 
B iuebl Jan25 
. 
3 
5 
4 
4 
4 
— 
I 
B luebl Jan3o 
2 
9 
I Va 
1+8 
1+8- 
Vt 
Bois C M ay25 
6 
34o 
7 
AU 
7 
— 
*9 
Bois C M ay3o 
34 2656 
2+8 
1*4 
7 + 8 - 
+'2 
Bois C M a y 35 
3 228? 
+8 
' e 
' 8— 
16 
B ois C A u g 25......... 
44 
7 
7 
7 
— 
7'8 
Bois C A ug 3 o ......... 
6 
1o75 
2*4 
2*4 
2*4— 
Vt 
B ois C Aug 35 . 
14 
1866 
*8 
Vs 
*8 
*8 
Bois C Nov25 
14 
3 
8*8 
8 
8 
-f 
1*4 
B ois C Nov3o. 
IO 
28o 
3+4 
3*9 
3*4— 
Mi 
B r a n if J u l IO ........ 
867 86925 163 165 1 6 ... 
B ra n d J u l IS ........ 
13 22871 IA I IA I 16 
B ra n ifO c t IO 
. 
475 6229 
487 169 1o— I 
16 
B ra n d O c tlS . . . 
38o 
' ■1161-16. 
B r a n if Ja n IO s n 
897 15 16 
*913 16.. 
C ly In JullO 
3o 
447 
4+? 
4*8 
4+2 + 
+9 
C ly In Ju l 15 
455 6588 « 165 
16 
'2 + 
+8 
C ly In O d IO 
. 
41 
81 
4*8 
4*9 
4*8 
C ly In O c tlS ......... 
146 3o79 
'A l l 16 
*-4. , . 
C ty In Jan IO . . 
16 
21o 
4+4 
4*4 
4*4 I 
’ 8 
C ly In Jan IS 
. 
91 
16? 
1+9 
7s 
1+8 + 
' I 
C lorox JuHO 
132 
666 
1*8 
*9 
1*9 + 
Vt 
C lo ro x J u l 15 
46 36151 161 16 
16 . . 
C lo ro x O d IO 
187 
786 
IM ? 
*8 l'/? 4 - 
+2 
C lo ro x O c tlS ■. 
74 1737 
' 
I 16 
'8 * 1 
16 
C lo ro x Jan IO 
99 
142 
1*9 
1 
1*9 + 
+2 
C lo ro x Jan 15 
91 
215 
+4 
'8 
+4 + 1 16 
C om sat Ju 125 
5 
3o 
o*8 
1o+8 
o+8— 
7s 
C om sat J u l3o 
87 
494 
6 
4 7S 
5 + 2— 
Vt 
C o m sa t Ju l35......... 
M3 
199621 16 1+2 
IVe 
. 
C om sat J u n o 
. 
1o3 
253 
'2 
*8 
* 9— 
+8 
C o m s a t O c (3o. 
I 
17o 
6 
6 
6 
— 
C om sat O d 35 — 
1o6 e n 
3+4 
2+2 
3 
+ 
Vt 
C o m sa t O ct4o 
161 
344 
I '9 
7'8 ll 16— 3 16 
C om sat Jan3o......... 
4 
6 
6*4 
6+2 
o*4— 
'2 
C om sat Jan35 
4o 
37 
3*9 
3+8 
3*9 + 
+4 
Cont O 
Jut 35 
412 I 198 
2+4 
Vat 15 1 6 -3 16 
C o n f O J u 14o.. 
241 
2 4 9 4 
+ 23 165 1 o - 
'A 
Cont O O d 35 . . 
123 
76o 
2*4 
17 a 
T 2— 
*9 
Cont O O d4 o 
76 1o54 
Va 
*9 
Hr— 
+4 
C o nt O Ja n3 5 
54 
8o 
3+4 211 
63 
— +2 
C o n t O Jan4o 
35 
146 
1+8 
I l l 
1 6 -5 
16 
D ressr Jui4o 
87 
19o 
5 
3 
5 
+ 
*9 
D re s s rJ u l4 5 . 
176 
56619 16 
I 19 16 + 5 16 
D re s s r o o 4 o 
4* 
147 
5+2 
3 7'b 
5'2 + 
+4 
D ressr o o 4 5 . . 
396 bbl 
2+2 
1*4 
2+2 + 
Vt 
D ressr Jan4o b t 
125 
57 8 
4' 2 
5 *9 ... 
.. 
, 
D re ssr Jan 4o 
16 
47 
31b 
2*8 
3 
- 
+4 
D u k P w Ju'7o 
13 
58 
1*8 
*8 
1*8 + 
+8 
D u k P w O c!2o 
F a*, GS J u l25 
B a s O s Ju i3 o 
F a s Gs O d ? 5 
E as GS O ft3 o 
E as GS Jan25 
F a s Os Jan3o 
E ng! M Jui3o 
F n g i M Ju!3S 
E n q l M O c!3o 
E n g l M Oc 135 
E n g l M Jan3o 
F n g l M Jan35 
F irs fn M ay2o 
F irs tn 
AugTO 
F ir s tn 
A u g 2 5 
F irs ln No v a ) 
G A F J u llO 
G A F J u t IS 
G A F O c t IO 
G A F 
O d 15 
. 
G A F Jan IO 
G A F J a n lS 
G eo P ac Jul3o 
Gee Pac 
Jui35 
G eoP ac Ju i2 9 ’ x 
G eoP ac Jul34*e . 
G e o P a c J u I3 v ' 4 . 
G eoP ac O d3 o 
G eoPac O ct35 
. 
G e o P a c O d 34*B 
G eoP ac Jan35 
H ow Jn Ju ilO 
H o w Jn 
Ju t IS 
H ow Jn O d IO 
H o w Jn O d 15 
H o w Jn Ja n IO 
H o w Jn 
Ja nlS 
Ine xco M a y 15 
In e x c o 
M ay2o 
In e x c o 
M ay25 in e x c o A ug 15 
. 
In e x c o A u q 2 o . . . 

89 
326 
65 1244 
56 
12o 

1*9 
2+4 
I ' ■ 
1*4 
*95 16 

11/4 — 
1*4- 

4 
9o 
768 I 
14 
15 4 
3*4 3*4 * 
84 
219 1*4 
I 
1*9 4- 
'-4 
232 
186 
2 '? 
I ' ? 
2 '? — 2'a 
81 
326 
V* 
*8 
+ |........... 
1 o ......... 
3 
3 
3 
134 
21o I '» 
+8 I 
— 
+» 
2 
3 G 
3*4 
3*4............ 
2 
7 1*9 
1*9 
1*8 
1*9 
2o 
191 | 4 
>8 +8- 
's 
1o.1 
2581116 
*8 
' 2 - 3 16 
12 
6351 161 161 16 
. 
49 
2o7 I 
*9 I 
- I 16 
6 
281 
1*4111-16111 I6 F 3 1611*8 
56 2o87 
'e l 1o1 1 6 -1 1o 
11*9 
9 
123 
I 7d 9 
16111 16 1 1611*8 
78 1o113 16 
+9 
+8 - I 16 
I 1 'i 
29 
24 2 'x 
2 
2 
— 
'J 11*8 
125 
1345 163 16 
+4— 
+8 
11*8 
17 
19 ? ** 
2+4 
V t— 
I'? 31*b 
46 
48o9 1o 
*8 
* 9 - 5 1o 
11 
38 3'8 
2+8 
2 7'# ~ I 'J 
14 
187 7/e 
*8 * 9 - 7 
16 

-I 16 
— 
I/# 

41*9 
41*8 
4 1 * 9 
41*s 
41*9 
4 3 *4 
43*4 
43*4 
43* « 
4 3 * 4 
43*4 
4 3 *4 
29*e 
2 9 * 8 
79*8 
29*8 
29*8 
29*» 
33 
33 
33 
33 
33 
33 
33 
33 
33 
33*4 
33*4 
33*4 
33*4 
33*4 
33*4 
283 
28 
28 
28 
28 
28 
31*9 
31*9 
31*9 
31*9 
31*9 
31*9 
31*8 
31*9 
9 + 4 
9 + 4 
9 + 4 
9 + 4 
9 + 4 
1 4 *9 
1 4*9 
1 4 *9 
1 4 *9 
1 4 *9 
1 4 *9 

11+4 
I I ' 4 
11+4 
I I ' 4 
11+4 
11*4 
35+8 
35'n 
35+8 
35'a 
357 e 
35+e 
35+4 
35+8 
3S+e 
36’ 4 
36+4 
36’ 4 
36'4 
3 6'4 
36' 4 
45'4 
45' 4 
45' 4 
45'4 
45'4 
45+4 
21 
2! 
26 
26 
26 
26 
26 
76 
3 2 *8 
32*8 
32*8 
3 2 *9 
32*8 
32*8 
19 
W 
19 
19 

 in e x c o A u g / s ......... in e x c o N o v l5 ......... in e x c o N ov2o 
. . . . 
In e x c o N o v 2 5 ........... 
Joy M a y 4 o ............... 
Joy M a y 45............... 
Joy M a y 5 o .................. 
Joy A u g 4 o ................ 
Joy A ug )5 .................. 
Joy Auq 5 o ................ 
Joy Nov4o ................ io y NOV45.................. 
Joy N ov5o 
......... 
L a L n d M a y ? 5 ... 
_ a L n d M a y 3 o . . . c a L n d A u g 2 5 . . . . 
. a L n d A ug 3 o ......... 
- a L n d N o v25......... wa L nd N ov 3o------- 
M a rio t M a y lO ......... 
M a rio t M a y 15 
. . . 
M a rio t M a y? *4 
M a r io t 
M a v l4 * 9 . . 
M a r io t A u g lO ......... 
M a r io t A u g IS ......... 
M a rio t A ug 9 *4 
. . . 
M a r io t A u g i4 * 9 . . 

IA 

588 44o513 1o 
'Y 
*9 . 
34 
365 6+9 
5*9 
1+1+ I 
7o4 
28o5 3 '? 
2*8 3 '9 + 
1o41 389o17 1611 1o1+4 + »9 
I 
2 7*8 
7*9 
7*9— * i 
129 
2o9 2+4 
1+9 
1*9— 1*9 
154 
62? 
+23 163 1 6 - 9 16 
I 
33 
6+4 
67» 
6+4 
2*9 
266 
295 3*4 
2+8 
2794- *9 
164 
324 1*4 
Va 
I 
— V , 
7 
5 7 
7 7 
— 1+j 
IS 
79 6 
4+4 
4+4— 1*9 
122 
274 2+* 
I ’ ? 
1+»— 1*9 
185 
537 2*8 
1*9 
1+1— 1+9 
246 64o33 161 16 
'9 ............ 
56 
397215 162 
7 * 4 - 9 16 
285 3324 
*8 
+97 l( k -3 16 
75 
157 
3»/4 
2*9 
2*9 - 
+4 
198 117811 1o 
*4 
*9—5 16 
31 
157 f/t 
*9 
Mi— +4 
I 
3 2 1 6 1 1 o 1 1 6 ........... 
9 '? 
26 
69 1 
+7 
+4 
+ 4 -3 16 
I 31241 161-161 16_____ 
79 
38811 16 
' / i f 1o— 3 14 
32 
9 4 3 1 6 
19 1353 
+9 
63 264o3 16 
M a rio t NOV IO 
... 
295 1o28 
I Va 
M a r io t NO VIS 
M a rio t N ov9*< ,. 
M a rio t NOV 1 4*8 ... 
M c D e r M ay45 
. 
M c D e r M a y SO 
M c D e r AAay4Q . 
M c D er A uq45 . . 
M c D er Aug5o . . . 
M c D er Nov45 
M c D e r N o v 5o . . . 
N L Ind M a y 2o 
N L In tl M a y 2 5 .. 
N L Ind Auq?5 
N L Iud N o v2o ......... 
N L In d 
NoV75 
P P G M a y 55 
P P G M ay6o 
P P G Aug5o 
P P G Aug55 
P P G A u g 6 o 
.. 
P P G N ov SO......... 
P P G N o v5 5 ____ 
P P G N o v 6 o 
P tts tn M a y3 o 
— 
P its tn M a y 3 5 . . . 
P tts tn M a y 4 o .. .. 
P tts tn M a y j4 * 4 .. 
P tts tn M a / 3 9 ’ 4 .. 
P tts tn M a y 4 .t'e ... 
P tts tn A ug3o 
... 
Fhtsfn Au«35 
P tts tn A u g 4 o 
P tts tn Aug34*8 
., 
P tts tn A ug39+«— 
P tts tn 
N o v3o........... 
P tts tn 
Nov35 . . . . 
P tts tn Nov4o 
Scot P Jut IS........... 
S cot p J u t 2 o ......... 
S cot P O d 2 o ......... 
Scot P Jan 15......... 
Scot P janTO , — 
SeabCL Jut 35........... 
SeabCL Ju l4 o ......... 
SeadCL O d 35......... 
S eabCL O ct4o . 
SeabCL Jan35 
... 
S e a b C L Ja n4 o 
Sun Co M a y4o 
Sun Co M a y 4 5 ......... 
Sun Co M a y SO 
.. 
Sun Co Aug4o 
Sun Co A u g 4 5 ......... 
Sun Co AugSO 
Sun Co NOV45 
Sun Co NovSO. 
T e ld y n JuiSO 
. . . . 
T e ld yn Ju l SS........... 
T e ld yn Jul6o 
Teldyn Jui68 
T e ld yn Jut 7o 
T e ld y n JulS3*a . . . 
T e ld y n Ju l5 8 '4 . .. 
T e ld yn OctSO . . . . 
T e ld y n O ct55. 
. . . 
T eldyn o c t6 o .. . . . 
T e ld yn O d6 8 - . . . 
Teldyn O d 7 o 
. . . 
T e ld y n O ct53*9 .. 
Teldyn O c tS S 'i... 
T eldyn JanSC 
------ 
T e ld yn JanSS........... 
T e ld y n Jan6o 
T e ld yn Jan7o 
T m san; M a y lO 
T rn s a m M a y IS - .. 
T rn s a m A uglO 
T rn s a m A u g lS . . 
T rn sa m NOV IO 
T rn s a m NOV 15 . . . 

7 
162 
9o 
6481516 
5 
414 
'» 
18 
19o 
8+4 
499 1475 
3+8 
24 
3o25 16 
17 
243 
9 '? 
25o 122o 
5 
5o 
8o 
522 
9 
357 

6 
8*4 
o + 4 
1+9 

’ «3 1o *-1-16 
*9 
*9 - 
+? 
*83 16 + 1 16 
+8 
+9— 
V* 
1/43 1o3 16— I 1o 
I 
— 
*9 
• 9 - 
8’ 4 +■ 
3 '/? -f 
'9 — 
9'2-F 
5*9 + 
8 *9 - 
6+4+ 1+2 
174+ 
+8 

•e 
5+? 
1+4 
Va 
7*9 
3*9 
8 
4 '2 
1+4 

 l*/4 
*9 
'8 
1+2 
1*9 
1+4 

5 
5831 1o1 1o11o 
22 
816 +9 
+4 
V t— ' • 
1 
o6 2 
2 
2 
— Vt 
53 
4937 16 
*9 
+ 9 -1 16 
6? 
127 3+4 
2'/4 
3 '9 + +9 
88 
221 
1?3 1o 
+4........................ 
5 
32 8 74 
8 
8 7t *- 
+9 
29 
IS I 
4*4 
3’ 7 
4+4+ 
Va 
82 
125115-1o1*91+9......... 
15 
26 9*$ 
9 
9 
— +2 
26 
48 $ '2 
5 
5 f +4 
33 
54215 1o2+42'2 + 
+4 
4o7 
455 1+4 
+8 
V a - 1+4 
398 27o23 161 16 
'8 - 1 - 1 6 
3 
68o1 161 1o1 16........... 
178 
995 
»/« 
+8 
>8— *9 
31 16o21 161-161 16 
2 
245 ' * 
+8 
+8 + 116 
599 
576 
2+413 16 2 '9 — 
*9 
1o3o 263815 
1 6 7 ) 6 
'2 — 7 1 6 
44 11125 
16! 1 6116— 3 16 
4o 
421 Vt 
1/4 +4— 
+? 
67 
o7? *9 
>95-16............... 
444 
435 
3 ’ ?21 1o 2*4— 1+4 
444 1o4219 1o13 1o15 1o— *9 
3o1 
o67 I 
Vt 
+ 9 - +4 
3 
78 IV * 
IV * 
IM*— 2 
11 11341 1o1 161-1o— I 1o 
23 
474 +43 1o3 
16......... 
IO 
12 2V? 
2+9 
2 '? + +9 
IO 
8o +95 16 + 9 -1 16 
82 
14o 3*9 
2+8 
3+9— +2 
193 
5o9 
I '9 9 16 
*9— 
>9 
78 
7o 4 '* 
3 '4 
4+8+ *9 
17o 
473 
IV * 
I 
1'/4—5-16 
15 
5 4*4 
3*8 
4 'A — 1*9 
5o 
75115 161 Mi 179 ........... 
18 
317 4+? 
37e 37-«— 
77 
888 V t 
Vt 'A — 
+9 
12 
7933 161 161 1o— 
Mi 
16 
169 4*9 
4'4 
4+4— I 
36 
8o219 1615 1o1',4 — 5 16 
3 
588 *9 
*9 * 9 - 1 
1o 
119 
442 
2*4 
2 '* 
2 *8 + 3 1 o 
IO 
171 *4 
+4 Vt 
3 
16 
59 
766 19*4 14'8 17*9+- 3 7e 
76 
849 15'4 
9 Vt 13 
+ 3+4 
788 2586 io*B 
5*9 
8 *4 + 2*4 
771 4771 
9+4 
17/« 
3+2+ 1+9 
2269 4249 
37e 
1*9 
7 *9 *1 1 1 o 
23 
SSS 1o'? 1o+4 14+?+ 3 
268 1797 2 
4*9 1 o + 3 
IO 
2o2 19'4 
19'4 1 9'4 + 5+4 
64 
5o1 15’ 4 
IO' ? 14' ? + 3*4 
293 1645 12* 8 
7V* 1o+?+ 2*9 
335 25o7 
o*4 4 
5*9 + 1*9 
484 3o85 
o*4 1*9 
4+1+ V ? 
53 
286 17 
13 
15+8+ 3 'a 
44 
659 13+4 1o+9 
11*9 + V 7 
I 
12 2o 
2o 
TO 
+ 3*4 
32 
1o6 1o+8 
12*4 15*9+ 2*9 
51 
62o 13 
6*9 11*4 + 7' 1 
558 
787 
7>4 3*4 
6 '9 — 3 
347 
576 
4 
3*9 
4 
+ 
'% 
4)1 1 1647 ' i i 16 
’9 + 1-1o 
13 
327 
4 
3+4 
4 
- 
*9 
576 74917 165 16 
+9— 1-16 
7 
2o 
4' 8 4 
4+8— 
>9 
327 7o5411 1o 
' 2 
*9 + 1 14 
28 
216 
4 
2 '? 
359+ 
+9 
o7 
252 
*9 
+99 1 o -1 16 
82 
114 
5*9 
4+2 

2o"s 
2o*9 
2o7* 
2 o 7* 
46'4 
46 + 4 
4 6 '4 
46' 4 
46'4 
46'4 
46' 4 
46'4 
46+4 
26' 9 
2o+8 
2 6 'a 
2o'a 
26'9 
26' • 
1+9 

9+? 
9 '? 
9 ' ? 
9 ? 
9+? 
9 ' ? 
9 ? 
9+2 
9 V t 
9 1 2 y:; 
S3+? 
53’ 7 
$3+? 
53'? 
5 3 '* 
21' 1 
2 1 '? 
7 V ? 
21 Mi ll: 
58’ 4 
58' « 
S S'4 
5 8 '4 
58' 4 
S I1 -4 
58+4 io n 
3o*9 
3o*9 
3o*9 
3o*9 
SOH 
3o*9 
3o*9 
3o*» 
SOH 
3o*9 
3 o *9 
3o*9 
3o*9 
16+9 
1 6H 
16*9 
1o *9 
16*9 
38 
38 
38 
38 
38 
38 
43*8 
43*9 
4 3 H 
43*9 
43*8 
43*9 
43*9 
43*9 
67*9 
67+9 
o7+9 
67+9 
o7+9 
o7+9 
o7+8 

25 
3723 163 163 1 o - 1 16 
32 
42 4 
2+8 
J 
— 
79 
55 
214 
1V9 H13 16— 5 16 
37 
1o4)11 16 78 
29- i i * 
7 
3 I 7* 1 H 
179— 
'a 
795 2816 
Vt Vt 
+ 9 -1 16 
28 28461 161 161-16 
298 3359 
*4 ’ ? 
*4 + 116 l l 1376 
'a ’ • 
H . 
. . . 
399 
533 
I 
+4 
1 
+ 1 14 
23 
2o3 16 
'a 
H - 1 1 6 
274 
551 6»e 4+4 
5 *9 + I 
1624 46o819 1613 16+ 2 + S 16 
55 7 29553 161 16 
’ i + 1 16 
371 
763 6 '4 4 '? 
6 
- 
' a 
1398 5386 
2*9115 162+9 + +9 

31*8 
31*8 
31 *8 
31*8 
31*9 
3 IH 
31*9 
31 *9 
9 H 
9*8 
9*9 
9*8 
9*1 
9 * i 
TOH 
2o’ « 
2o7» 
2o7« 
2o7-8 

Un Pac M a y SO 
Un Pac 
M ay55. 
J U H N J P a c 
AugSO 
1*9 
537a 
U n P a c A u g 5 5 . 
2o5 
243 
2 '? 
1*91 IS 1 4 -9 -1 o 
Un Pac A u g M 
.. 
13 12313 1o 
*8 
* 9 - i i 
Un Pac NovSO 
. . . . 
86 
111 
6' a 5*9 6 
— 3 
U n P a c N o v 55 
154 247 
3*9 2H 215 1 6 - 3 1o 
U n P a c NOV6o . . . 
1o3 
117115 1 6 1 '4 1 '4 — 
'? 
Va E P Ju 115 
TOO 5494 
' 4 
193 1o+1-1o 
V a l P O c tl5 
27o 2661 
+ i3 1o5 1 o + 
Vfc 
V a E P Jan IO 
TO 
4 
47 e 
4 H 4*9 
V a F P J a n IS 
4o8 48o7-165 16 
W st Un Jut IS 
7 
97 
2*4 
2*4 
W st Un Jut 2o 
45 347o 
+81-1o 
W st Un OCHS 
25 
47 
2+8 2*4 _ 
W sf U nO ctTO 
117 
1983 
'4 3 -1 o 3 -1 6 -1 -1 6 
W st Un Ja n 15. 
. 
4 
5 
2*8 2+8 299+ 
>9 
W it Un JanSO 
. 
15o 3197 165-16 
W lw rth M a y 2o l l 
185 
459 3*4 
W lw rth M ay?5 
325 33o25 14 
V% 
W lw rth A ug2o ■ 
8 
53 
4 '? 
4 
W lw rth 
A ug25 
19o 161o15 16 9 1*9 1 o -3 -1 o 
W lw rth N o v 2o. 
5 
15 
4*9 4*9 4 *9 + 
*9 

*9 ........... 
2 *4.......... 
' 8 . . . . . . 
2*4— 

H 
1-16 
3 **— 
'4 
',9— 1 
+8 
4 
- + 
9 

47+9 
67*» 
47+9 
67*8 
67*9 
o7*9 
o7+8 
67+8 
67+9 
67+8 
o7+9 
14 
14 
14 
14 
14 
14 
5378 
S37 a 
5 'A — 

5 3 78 
53 7i 
53’ . 
53 ’ i 
S37 a 
15 
IS 
IS 
*5 
17*9 
17*9 
17*9 
17*8 
17*9 
17+9 
23*9 
23+9 
23+9 

73*9 

Page I 2-C_______San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Saturday April 3o 1977 
M alpractice insurance is up to solons 

The end of the mal­ practice insurance crisis in Texas is now in the hands of the legislature, the head of the Texas 
Medical Assn. said Fri­ day. 
Dr. L.S. Thompson Jr. of Dallas was featured speaker to a group of seniors at the University of Texas Medical School at San Antonio at the 
Hilton Palacio del Rio 
Hotel. 
Dr. Thompson said it is 
4 federal lawyers honored 
Four assistant U.S. at­ torneys here have been honored for their work under U.S. Atty. John El 
Clark. 
John M. Pinckney III, 
Clark’s first assistant, has been praised by the head of the 
U.S. 
Immigration and Natur­ alization Service for his work enforcing federal immigration laws. 
And Asst. U.S. Attys. 
LeRoy M. Jalin, VV. Ray 
Jahn and James VV. Kerr have been named out­ standing assistant U.S. attorneys by the U.S. 
Justice Dept. 
LeRoy Jahn was cited for her work as head of the appellate section of 
Clark’s office. 
Ray Jahn is a trial at­ torney in the criminal section. He has spear­ headed the state-federal probe of South Texas banking irregularities. 
Kerr is the chief of the 
Controlled Substance 
Unit. 

 vital the state legislature pass laws to ease the medical malpractice in­ surance problem. 
“ The commission ap­ pointed by Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe to study the mal­ practice insurance problem concluded that the crisis has had an ad­ verse effect on both the cost and availability of medical care in our state,” he said. 
“ Its recommendations should not be ignored.” 
A bill, passed by the 
Senate two weeks ago, now includes a number of important amendments that would implement most of the commission’s key recommendations, he added. 
Hopeful 
“ The ultimate fate of this bill is now up to the conference committee,” he said. “ We are hopeful the committee will not undo the wgtk of the 
Senate. 
“ It would be foolish for lawmakers to ignore re­ commendations of the commission expressly created to study the problem.” 
The malpractice bill, among other things, pro­ vides for a statute of li­ mitations of two years from the date of alleged injury for those filing claims, limiting awards to $5oo,o(1o plus cost of past and future medical expenses and disallowing claims based only on an oral w arranty of cure. 
The bill also provides protection against suit for those who report legitimate concerns about alleged physician incompetency. 

S.A. schools not affected 

The Supreme Court’s recent ruling on corporal punishment in the public school will not affect the policy of six large San 
Antonio school districts. 
That was the indication given by superintendents of San Antonio, South San 
Antonio, 
Northside, 
North East, Harlandale and Southside districts. 
The nation’s highest court ruled 5-4 that cor­ poral punishment in public schools, no matter how severe, does not vio­ late constitutional pro­ tections against cruel and unusual punishment. 
North East Supt. Ivan 
Fitzewater said the dis- 

 preme Court ruling and would not be affected. 
Ed Cody, Northside su­ perintendent, said, “ We don’t see where it will change our procedure here.” 
Louis Bernal, South­ side superintendent, said corporal punishment al­ ready is in the district’s policy book. 
Charles Buggess, Har­ landale superintendent, and Harold Hitt, San An­ tonio district chief, both said the ruling did not affect their districts. 
Herbert Harper, South 
San Antonio superinten­ dent, said the South San board of trustees had 

N ancy N egley, left, president of the King William 
Assn., gives a helping hand to Vivian Hamlin, right, in the planting of a live oak tree Friday at 1o7 King 
W illiam St. The occasion w as in observance of 
Arbor Day. Assisting with the shovel work is W a n ­ da Ford. — Staff Photo by larky Tarsikes. 
Computer drill set 

Students from Boone, 
E’ive Palms and Kindred 
Elementary schools will compete in math drill and practice problems presented to them by the computer. 

Students from 
16 schools will show how they can use a computer in problem solving and math drill competition at 
8:.‘IO a.rn. Saturday in 
Region 2o’s Education 
Service Center. 
Students from 13 San 
Antonio area high schools will see how fast they can solve problems through the use of the computer, doing their own math programming. 
Competing will be stu­ dents from John Jay, 
Holmes, 
Marshall, 
Roosevelt, Judson, Cole, 
Fox 
Tech, 
Burbank, 
Highlands, Sam Houston, 
Jefferson, Lanier and 
Wheatley hirrh schools. 

 trict’s policy already is in 'authorized paddling be- keeping with the Su- fore the ruling. 
Council announces final appointments 

The outgoing City Council has announced ap­ pointments to three boards — the final choices it will make. 
Newly-elected council members take over next week. 
Olivia Garza was replaced on the zoning commis­ sion by Jesse Oviedo. 
Reappointed to the San Antonio Development 
Agency Board were the Rev. La Valle Lowe, Richard 
Borrengo and Mrs. Minnie Garcia, wife of State Rep. 
Matt Garcia. 
Baldemar Perez was appointed to replace outgo­ ing SADA board member Richard De Munbrun. 
Reappointed to the Carver Community Cultural 
Center Advisory Board were Velma Butler, Sister 
Mary Boniface, Dr. S.T. Scott and Mrs. Wilethel 
Brooks. 
Also appointed to the board were Joyce I). Sowells and Lois White, who replace outgoing members 
Norva Hill and Leonora Castellanos. 

This W eeks’ Special 
$6 o ° ° 

I 

Last chance to add to your Espana. Two easy chairs and a 17” D. Table 
2 3 " high. Regular 
$131.5o. Black only. 
Special 
?99oo 
^ 
J * 
3 pie ce s 

For your garden or 

 poolside now and 

 plants through the 

 winter on the inside — 

 a most versatile wrought iron Tea Cart 
— in W hite, Lemon or 

Black. Reg. 99.oo. 

 ifm 

} 

& 

MATTO SHOP 
1o47 N.E. LO O P 4 1 o 
828-28o7 

W ith Canonlite D Flash and C a m e ra C ase 

Mfg. List 
$226.oo 

SALE 
$ 139.99 

The Canonet G-lll 
17 is a compact 35mm rangefinder camera for snapshots or slides. It offers the convenience of fully automatic exposure control with a CdS photocell to give you perfect pictures every time. 

Many features developed for Canon’s -most expensive cameras are found in the G-lll I 7. It has a 6-element lens with Spectra Coating which guarantees excellent color balance. It uses cordless electronic flash with its special D ay ’n Night control. It has a film wind indicator, OL quick film loading mechanism, self-timer, and battery check. It has nine speeds from I /4 to I /SOO of a second and B. And the G-lll 17 gets all its power from one tiny inexpensive 1,3V mercury battery. 

9 M L E r i C H C d v U v U I f l K U I V I U N U A T . M A T I photogenesis, inc. 

5o23 Broadway (Photoplex) 828^8256 

Canon 
$ 

Canon 
$ 

299.99 
W ith FI .8 lens 
M fg . List $41 3 .oo 

259.99 
W ith FI .8 lens 
M fg . List $ 3 5 2 .o o 
C anon t x w ,?? 

M fg . List $ 3 o 7 .o o 

Omega B-SOO condenser enlarger 

O Up to 5o% faster printing time 
O Optical quality clear glass condensers 
O Up to l l ” xl4” prints on baseboard 
C) U.l. listed 
$9995 

Mfg. List $139.95 

KONICA 
A U T O R E F L E X 

Unbelievable Low Cost! 
2 1 1 oo with 5omm f/1.7 Hexanon Lens 
SUK tripods 2o% Off photogenesis, inc. 

■ ■ B H H 
Now you can have a beautiful green lawn 

 f m 
§§§ fplt 
• I 

 without work or worry thanks to liquid fertilizers applied by a-PernnvGreen. 

A greener lawn is whal you'll notice first— usually within IO to 14 days after we first spray your lawn. 
It will be greener because it is healthier. Greener because a-Perm-o-Green’s nutrients are promoting a deep root system and strong stems and blades. 
You’ll notice something else too, no chinch bug or grub worm problems because a-Perm-o-Green applies the correct insecticide at the right time— before damage is done. 
Join the thousands who are enjoying greener, healthier lawns thanks to a-Perm-o-Green applica­ tions last year. Your satisfaction is assured or you don’t owe us a cent. 

Why is a-Perm-o-Green NO effective? 
. 
Your lawn is sprayed with liquid fertilizer specially prepared by a-Perm-o-Green to meet current soil, temperature and moisture conditions. 
Nutritional elements plus nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium are seasonally adjusted to promote the growth most beneficial at the time of application. 
Research proves that proper nutrition— rather than the soil itself— makes the difference between success and failure in creating a beautiful lawn. And creating beautiful lawns is what a-Perm-o-Green is all about. 

Avm ^ M iJ g 1 flS hw ^ oaWrna7 « P M o?sabte to buy fertilizers and insecticides in quantity and pass the savings on to you. The average size lawn really 

 does average less than $2o per application— about the same as if you bought materials and applied them yourself (not counting the trips you’d make to the fertilizer store, the time and gamble over the correct mix to use, and the spreader equipment you’d have to rent or buy!) 

When do, you join the program? Now! 
Over the next few week^our lawn care profes­ sionals will take the a-Perm-o-Green trucks out to spray this year’s first treatments on lawns throughout this area. 
Make sure your home is one of our first stops. Call us right now! 

 rn 

 a-Perm-o-Green 
Lawn Spraying Schedule 

Balancer application in- cliitfCvnitrogen, phosphorus, potassium and Micro-Nutrients to give your lawn a strong, green leaf and stem. 

, 
, 
„ 
Another bal* 
^ Sneed implication of fertilizers plus insecticides for control of grub worms, chinch bugs, and other pests. 

Hot weather nutrients 
^W iW & JifalK balanced applica­ tion plus insecticides aimed at second generation chinch bugs. 

Essential nutrients plus a 
* Wmterizing application to pro­ mote deep root growth and a helpful fungicide. 

SPSS 

 fill 

San Pedro Hills calls you to country living 

The best of luxury living is in San Pedro Hills, an established com m unity of fine homes in north central 
San Antonio. 
The beautiful hills of San 
Pedro Hills are blossuming with luxurious new homes. These distinctive homes will be open for a springtime showing this weekend. 
Hillside sites 

These homes are especially designed for hillside sites over­ looking San Antonio. Soaring ceilings, large fireplaces, ex­ pansive living areas and easy care kitchens complement the gently bending oaks which sur­ round most homes. 
Quality in design and con­ struction is a trademark of San 
Pedro Hills builders. This tra­ dition is felt in every home and garden home. The workmanship is superb. No detail has been spared in making every one a high quality home. 
San Pedro Hills community has a swim and recreation club. 
Membership is included in the purchase of a new home and al­ lows the use of the swimming pool and recreational area. The club is another part of the total community in San Pedro Hills. 
San Pedro Hills proudly pre­ sents affordable country living in that its prestige homes are priced from as low as $48,ooo. 
The community is planned to grow quietly in its natural wooded environment without disturbing the things that make it unique. Only the highest qua­ lity in construction is consi­ 

SAN PEDRO HILLS is a north central San Antonio com m unity which invites all to see country, luxurious living in homes built affo rd ab iy 

 dered, from the ground up. 
Every home is considered ex­ clusive to blend with its natural surrounding. 
A special kind of American dream lives here with the inde­ pendence of owning a home and the practicality of making the smartest possible investment for now and future years. This investment is the surest way to let your money grow while 

 building your equity. The mort­ gage interest and property taxes paid are deductible from income taxes. Ultimately, home owners here pay less for their homes than they think. 
San Pedro Hills has been de­ signed with children in mind, too; future school sites are cen­ trally located. All children at­ tend schools in the North East 
District, San Antonio’s finest. 

The recreation spectrum here is offered to all residents. San 
Pedro Hills features a private center with an Olympic size pool, bath houses and tennis courts. A perfect place your children to play? You bet, with miles of open spaces and wind­ ing roads perfect for cycling and exploring nature. 

This sparkling community is 

 located in north central San 
Antonio so as to let residents enjoy the benefits of country living with actual “ in town’’ convenience. 
San Pedro Hills boasts nearby shopping centers, churches, en­ tertainment and medical faci­ lities. The neighborhood even offers a park now under way and, at the same time, affords easy access to downtown in 

 minutes by the present Loop 411) interchanges and, in the near future, directly by the North 
Expressway. 
Come feel the tradition in San 
Pedro Hills. Homes will be open from noon until dusk. Luxury homes are priced from $48,ooo. 
Simply exit from NAV. Loop 
41o to San Pedro Avenue (U.S. 
Hwy. 281 N.) and proceed north to the entranceway. 

\ \ H r H R i m 
E W 
U 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 
Page 
I -D w r fcii »-«* ■ « — ■«* 
% —ZX° LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q t— Jf 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS i^ O F LIFESTYLES ^ 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Your Future is Today in 
Briar w ick 

It doesn't take a crystal ball to realize that now is the time to buy a new home! 
Financial experts are predicting 
N EW H O M E C O ST S W IL L 
A L M O S T D O U B L E IN 
T H E N E X T F E W 
Y E A R S . Homebuyers aware of this have flocked to 
Briarwick. They realize not only the importance of buy­ ing a new home today, but also of buying an Energy- efficient home. 
MICROWAVE 
OVEN 

“This Royal Crest home includes a Litton M icro­ wave Oven. Conventional cooking and the con­ venience of microwave in one self-cleaning unit. 

“ Based on V A purchase price of $ 3 8 ,8 5 o no down paym ent and 36 o equal m onthly payments 8% financing annually. 

Principal and interest 
$ 2 8 5 .1 5 
Taxes 
$53.43 
(N O ) City taxes 
$ o o .o o 
Insurance 
$ 1 9.42 
M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T 
$ 3 5 8 .o o 

Jk Murr^Home lls His Cast a 

 br 

~E?> 

***** 
■ 

 br 

H i 

- iiv 

 mbr 

 entry 

 dine 

 kit 

 ut? 

$44,1oo 
L 

 gar 

 rn m m 

In Camelot we build new homes that every­ 

 one can call his "castle"! The Woodcraft, for example, features a MASTER SUITE 

 fit for a king and/or queen w ith a high,vaulted 

 ceiling, a large dressing room and a walk-in closet. 

The LIVING AREA w ith its corner fireplace and cathedral ceiling are sure to make anyone 

 feel like royalty. The DINING ROOM has a bay window over­ 

 looking the backyard. 

The HOMEMAKER 

 will feel especially 

 pampered with this 

 kitchen's dishwasher, , disposer, vent hood 

 and MICROWAVE 
OVEN. 

[BUTTO N 

The Woodcraft 

“Most plans include the Litton Microwave oven. The convenience of conventional and microwave cooking in one self-cleaning u n it! 

NO CITY JA X E S 

NORTH E A ST SCHOOLS 

 royal crest 

 homes 494*19*6 
Camelot 

NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
NO CITY TAXES 

 r ? Ray Ellison 
Homes 655-4123 

Furnished models open daily until dark. Take IH -35 to 

 the Walzem exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs. 

 if 

Sky Harbour, a new com­ m unity of Ray E lliso n homes in southwestern San 
Antonio, offers fresh alter­ natives for the home buyer of moderate income who is looking for a quality home in a beautiful setting but at p ric e s that fit the fam ily budget. 

Despite claims by experts that the cost of housing today is put­ 

 ting the dream of a new home 
“ out of reach” for the average home buyer, Ray Ellison Homes is offering a wide variety of fresh floor plans and exteriors in an attractive price range of 
$28,ooo to $35,ooo. 
Outside city limits 
Added economic advantage is derived from Sky Harbour’s lo­ cation outside city limits and beyond the reach of city taxes, making monthly payments 

 more attractive than rent in more ways than one. 
But sky Harbour homes are in no way mere “ shell” homes. 
They are beautifully finished in every aspect, and each contains the exclusive Ellison energy package featuring wall and ceiling insulation that exceeds 
VA/FHA standards; interlock­ ing thresholds and special caulking and sealant to halt 

See GIFTS, next page 

Ray Ellison’s Sky Harbour is celebrating its grand opening this weekend, just off Pear­ sall Road in southwestern San Antonio. A wide variety of exterior designs and floor 

 plans are available in an amazingly bud­ get-conscious range of 
$ 2 8 ,o o o to 
$ 3 5 ,o o o . 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C L A S S I F I E D D I S P L A T 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED 
DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Sky Harbour opens as new Ellison area 

A 
New Lifestyle For Southwest 
San Antonio 

' 
■ 
‘ .LV“ 

* 255* mo.I 

 gar 

 liv 

’ Cash price: $27,8oo. No down payment and no closing costs. VA mortgage $27,8oo. 36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of $255.oo for 3o years at 8% Annual 
Percentage Rate. 

Principal and Interest 
$2o6.8o 
Taxes 
34.95 
(NO) City Taxes 
o.oo 
Insurance 
12,25 
TO TAL M O N TH L Y PAYM ENT 
$255.oo 

 dine br rn 

 br 

O 

 mbr 

New Homes *28,ooo to $35,ooo 

•TWO-CAR GARAGES •LANDSCAPED FRONT YARDS •CARPETING 
I 

I 
KITCHEN WITH ELECTRIC RANGE, DISHWASHER AND DISPOSER 
[ V MAGIC CHEF, 

•NO CITY TAXES •MINUTES TO KELL Y, LACKLAND AND BROOKS 
Energy Package! 

• MASONRY EXTERIORS 
• EXTRA INSULATION 
• INTERLOCKING THRESHOLDS 

• POWER ATTIC VENTILATORS 
• AIR INFILTRATION WEATHER STRIPPING 
• CUSTOM-ENGINEERED CENTRAL AIR & HEAT 

Gifts, door prizes awarded at Harbour 

 drafts; power attic ventilators; and custom-designed central air and heating units — all of which combine to deliver energy effi­ ciency and reduce utility con­ sumption during extremes of 
Winter and Summer. 
Fresh designs and innovative floor plans by Ray Ellison de­ signers offer the homebuyer a wide variety of new homes from which to choose. They include three- and four-bedroom, two- 

_ CLAS5IFI£6 DISPLAY 

 bath and two-car garage designs which deliver spacious comfort and beauty for daily living. 
Some models in Sky Harbour even contain fireplaces. 

The physical location of Sky 
Harbour offers a panoramic view of surrounding countryside and rolling hillsides covered with greenery. Front and back yards of many homes in Sky 
Harbour contain full-size native trees offering shade for the up- 

C LASSI? IID DISPLAY- 
^IffSSiHIB BISHAY 

 coming Summer activities ho­ meowners in Sky Harbour will enjoy. 

Families visiting Sky Harbour during this 
Grand 
Opening weekend will be eligible for hourly drawings for free gifts — toy sailboats for the youngsters and Corningware sets for Mom 
— plus 5 cent hot dogs and 5 cent cokes to snack on — helium- filled balloons — and, most im­ portant of ail, the new homes in 
Sky Harbour which offer a new ccsssmtB 

The grand opening of Sky 
Harbour, a new community of homes by 
Ray Ellison, in southwestern San Antonio, was heralded during Fiesta. 
W eek at the Jaycee s “ La Se- mana Allegre” by these lovely lasses, Lisa and Lee Anne, who handed out cascarones pro­ moting the grand opening be­ ing held this w eekend on 
Pearsall Road just off S .W . 
Loop 41o. 

 life style for southwestern San 
Antonio. 
Exit from S.W. Loop 41o to 
Pearsall 
Road 
(FM 253o). 

Across Pearsall Road and oppo­ site the 
Sky Harbour en- seen. 
Come Saturday or Sunday for 

C lA SSIHfcP UISPI.AT 

 tranceway, a lovely lake, glis- the best Grand Opening of all in tening in the sunshine, can be Sky Harbour. 
~OXm.AT c iA ssm IB W S flL *Y 
T D O K fflEP W S P U V 
“TOC55ir»fr6i5prSY ciAssrmowsKirr 

^ it VI? 
,W'v 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 3o I 977 
Rusticity, splendor 

 make Fair Oaks ideal 
If ever you had the in­ clination to own a piece of land, now is the time to make that dream a reali­ ty. Some of the most beautiful Hill Country land available is just north of San Antonio at 
Fair Oaks. 
Steeped in recent his­ tory as a thoroughbred race horse and cattle ranch. Fair Oaks has been carefully developed by the Don Smith Co. into one- to 15-acre tracts that provide dramatic, oak- covered homesites that can be purchased and built on now or later. 

Wide paved streets through the area have been named after the fa­ mous race horses and tracks of the world, and there are miles and mites of riding trails for equestrians. 
Amenities 
Recreational facilities abound at Fair Oaks. The 
Fair Oaks Racquet and 
Swim Club offers eight tennis courts, a practice court and a super size swimming pool sur­ rounded by following lawns and great oak trees. 

A clubhouse, with Pro 
Shop and dressing faci­ lities, is adjacent to the pool and courts. Profes­ sional tennis instruction will be provided by Mike 
Moore, in cooperation with Bill O’Bryant of 
McFarlin Tennis Center. 

Golfers have not been forgotten at Fair Oaks. 
At the very heart of the development is a cham­ pionship - quality golf course now under con­ struction. The course, designed by professional golfer Gary Player and 

Hon Kirby of Kirby / 
Player & Associates, Golf 
Course Architects, will feature a 
6,756-yard course that traverses the undulating terrain of 
Fair Oaks as one that will offer sufficient challenge for highly experienced players and average players alike. 

 h air Uaks offers a life in the country yet pro- v ides the conveniences of city - type utilities and ready access to N. VV. Ill ll) for commuting lo San 
Antonio. It is just a short driving distance to UT- 

The rustic beauty of 
Fair Oaks is seen in the splendor of the main clubhouse and its manicured grounds. This soon will be the center of activity at Fair Oaks. 

SA, USAA. the South 
Texas Medical Center, major shopping malls 

 and entertainment in northwestern 
San 
Antonio. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

A drive to Fair Oaks is north on N. W. III IO just Read exit and watch for a pleasant one and easily 15 miles from N. W. Loop Fair Oaks’ temporary accomplished by driving 411). Take the Tarpon sales office. 

 caam rn rn cla ssifie d d isp la y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
SSIFIID DISPLAY 
Classified TM5WAY' 
CLASSIFIED 6 lS*lA V 

, PEACE AND QUIET A STONE’S THROW FROM THE CITY 

 a s ii 

1 4 - 
■ 
>:• liiit dr ,k Iks gf, 

It's onlv natural to want the best for you and your family. Some­ 

 thing better than noisy city or ordinary suburban living. This is it . 

 at Fair Oaks Ranch. 
Fair Oaks is the ideal alternative, tucked away in 

 the beautiful Texas hill country , just I 5 miles northwest of San Antonio. 

Come visit our 5.ooo acres, spanning Bexar, Kendall and Comal counties, 

 where I to 15 acre oak-covered tracts are available for homesites. 
Private. 

Quiet. 
Natural. 

, 
_ 
. , if. 

You'll find that Fair Oaks offers a total living concept including tennis 

 and swimming at Fair Oaks Racquet and Swim Club. uOrand opening 
\1av 14’ C Miles of bridle (rails provide the equestrian with flours of pleas­ 

 ure. 
Invest in an area that vs 111 soon feature a full country club. includ­ 

 ing a champioiiship-qualitv golf course that traverses the rolling terrain of 

I air Oaks Ranch. 
(Now under construction ). 

Drive out todav for a surprise of your life. There is nothing like 

I air O a k s ain where in the San \ntonio area. 

 s ' y;;: 
' r n 
■ 

FAIR OAKS 
RANCH 

There are nine of San Antonio's finest homebuilders who have pur­ 

 chased tracts in Fair Oaks Ranch. Six homes are now under construction 

 and are available for your viewing. 

A life that is full . . . away (rpm it all . . . yet 

 convenient to the city. 
Fair Oaks Ranch, a 

 development of the Don Smith Company. 

Obtain from ’Developer H U I) 

Property Report and read be­ 

 fore signing anything. 
H ills) 

 neither approves the merits 

 of the offering, nor the value. 

 if am . of the property 

" D o n S m i t h Co. 

698-244o 
698-2832 

SanAntonioEXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday April 3o I 977 

W oodbridge Phase ll holds grand opening 

Woodbridge, where leisurely lifes styles thought impossible by many become enjoyable rea­ lities at affordable prices, is holding a Grand Opening for its 
Phase II this weekend. 
On th e p re m is e s of th e se sta te ly townhouses is a recreational package c a r e f u lly o la n n ed to g iv e y e a r s of pleasure to 
Woodbridge residents. 
Leisure is plentiful here, for residents n ev er need to worry about m a in te n ­ ance of their townhomes or their se­ curity. 
Joyful discovery 
W oodbridge, 31o2 and 31o3 Eisen- tiauer Rd., already has been the joyful discovery of numerous San Antonians. 
In fact, its first phase, on the south 

 side of E isen h au e r Road, is alm ost sold out. This, however, is the adult- oriented part of Woodbridge. 
Two lighted, acrylic-surfaced tennis courts, two swim m ing pools, two club­ houses and a picnic garden area m ake 
W oodbridge m ore than ju st a hom e address. I f s a total environment, per­ fect for active life styles of profession­ als or those who want the most out of retirement. 
One c lu b h o u s e f e a tu re s a p a rty room , kitchen and g am e room ; the other, a sundeck, ping-pong table and firepit for cookouts. 
All this is for the exclusive enjoy­ m e n t of W oodbridge re s id e n ts and their guests. 
T h e in te r io rs of th e W oo d b rid g e tow nhouses a re visually exciting by their “ open” design accomplished by b ro ad w indow ex p a n se s, h an d so m e 

 fireplaces and lavish finishing touches. 
E x tra la rg e 17- by 24-foot m a s te r bedrooms are common at Woodbridge. 
So a re fash io n a b le c o m p a rtm e n te d baths. One of the W oodbridge plans has two com partm ented baths off the sam e bedroom — one for him, another for her. Larger units have 3*/fe baths. 
All Woodbridge townhouses have at least V-fii baths, each stunningly fin­ ished w ith h an d -an tiq u ed cab in ets, rich coordinated w allpaper and large lighted m irrors. Each town home also has a fireplace and a balcony. 
T hree m odels ra n g e in size from 
1,75o to 2,7oo sq. ft. The buyer has a choice of a two-car carport or a totally enclosed garage. 
Buyers also are given their choices in selecting colors for the attractive interiors of their townhomes. They can select floor covering, w allpaper and 

 even colors for vanities. 
T h e k itch en s, too, a r e unusually a ttr a c tiv e and fully eq u ip p ed with top-name appliances. They feature an exceptional amount of storage, plus a built-in planning desk, complete with drawers. 

Energy-saving features are common to W oodbridge tow nhom es, too. The cost of operating utilities is lessened substantially by eight inches of solid 

 in su latio n inside the o u ts id e walls; w e a th e rs trip p in g on o u ts id e doors; bronze, solar-paned glass; all-electric appliances; and separate healing and air conditioning systems. 
W ith in 
N .E . 
Loop 
41o, the 
W oodbridge Townhomes a r e conven­ iently near N.E. III 35 and North Star, 
Central P ark and Windsor P a rk Malls. 
T hey’re also close to the business and professional centers of the North Side, 
Alamo Heights and downtown. 

W o o d b r id g e 
T o w n h o m e s, 
3 1 o 2 and 3 1 o 3 Eisenhauer 
Rd. in northeastern San A n ­ tonio, is holding the grand opening of its Phase ll this weekend. The project is ideal for the active professionals or the com fortably retired since it o ffe rs a m p le r e c r e a tio n a l amenities for both and a care­ free life style which requires no time or work for m ainten­ ance o f either the residences or the premises. 

Security of all residences is d e te r­ mined not only by limited access to the project’s prem ises but also a highly tra in ed , 24-hour se c u rity p atro l on guard seven days a week. 
Woodbridge Townhomes are priced from as low as $47,5oo to $8o,ooo. 
The project is reached m ost easily by exiting from N.W. Loop 41o to Harry 
W urzbach Road and g o ing south to 
E isenhauer Road, where a turn right leads to Woodbridge Townhomes. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C L A S S I F IE D D I S P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIC DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIID-DtSPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 ui 
< co 
-J ai a7 

INTERSTATE 41o 

WooDBRDGE 
TOWNHOMES 

> 
£ 
X 
Xo 
< co ^ 
-N 
D< 
EISENHAUER RD. 
CC 
D 
OC 
OD 
S aiz 

S 
> 
CL 
CL 
< 

^ ^ G A R R A T Y RD. 
X 

SAN ANTONIO 
SAM 
I 
COUNTRY C L U B ^X hoU S T O N 
| 

WDOOBRDGE 
TOWNHOMES 

31o2 Eisenhauer Road 
826-63o1 

Office and models open from 
1oam to dark seven days a week. 

Saturday April 3 o I 9 7 7 
Market peaks in ‘great shape’ 

Ray Ragsdill, second from right, presents Larry Rosow, second from 

 left, and M arvin Kline, right, with an “ Addy ’ Aw ard for the best four 

 color full page ads. The aw ard is presented by the San Antonio 

Advertising Federation. Ken Thompson, from Pitluk G rou p, looks on. 

Builders urging 

7V2% interest 

 rates for houses 

By FRANK 
MANDRELL! 
PRESIDENT, GREATER S A 
BUILDERS ASSOCIATIO N 
W h i l e g e n e r a l l y e n ­ d o r s in g t h e C a r t e r Ad­ m i n i s t r a t i o n ' s b u d g e t p r o p o s a l s fo r h o u sin g , the National Association of 
H o r n e 
B u i l d e r s 
(NAHB) h a s urged Con­ g r e s s to e x t e n d a p r o g r a m t h a t p ro v id e s 
7> -j p e r c e n t m o r t g a g e i n t e r e s t r a t e s for m o d e r a t e - a n d m i d d l e - income h o m e buyers. 
Vondal G r a v l e e , vice p re s ident-tre a sure r of 
N A B B a n d a h o m e builder from 
B ir m in g­ ham . 
Ala.. outlined 
N A H B ’s p o s i t i o n on a n u m b e r of h o u s i n g p r o g r a m s in te s tim o n y be fore the S e n a te C o m ­ m i t t e e on 
B a n k i n g . 
Housing a n d U r b a n Af­ fairs. 
Hearings 

The c o m m i t e e is hold­ ing h e a r i n g s on housing a u th o r iz a tio n legislation for F is c a l, I HTS, as well a s s u p p l e m e n t a l a p p r o p r i a t i o n r e q u e s t s for F i s c a l . 1977. which ends Sept. 3o 
NAJIB s u p p o r t s e x te n ­ sion of the 
Brooke- 
( ra n s to n p r o g r a m , due to expire on Sept. 3o, be­ cause it would protect the housing in d u s try against th e t i g h t , e x p e n s i v e m o r t g a g e m o n e y c o n d i­ tio n s t h a t p r e c i p i t a t e d the 1974-75 housing col­ lapse, G r a v le e said. 

By r e d u c i n g i n t e r e s t rates to TU p e r cent, the p ro g r a m also helps many f i r s t - t i m e b u y e r s who have b e e n p ri c e d out of th e h o u s i n g m a r k e t be­ cause total housing costs, in cludin g i n t e r e s t rates, utility cost s a n d property t a x e s , a s w e l l a s c o n ­ struction a n d land costs, h a \ e gone up m u c h faster th a n f a m i l y i n c o m e in recent y e a rs . 

FRANK MANUPELU 

T h e E m e r g e n c y Credit 
Act fit- 1977, sponsored by 
Sen. W i l l i a m P r o x m i r e 
(I)., W i s .) , c h a i r m a n of the B a n k i n g Committee. would e xte nd the Brooke- 
C ra nston progr am, 
G r a v l e e note d. But t h e 
P r o x m i r e bill would in ­ c r e a s e a ls o the in tere st rate c eil in g from TU per c e n t to t h e F U A r a t e 
( p r e s e n t l y 8 p e r c e n t ) and e s t a b li s h ail income l i m i t b a s e d on 12o p e r c e n t of t h e m e d i a n i n ­ c om e of th e area in which the p r o p e r t y is located. 
G r a v l e e u r g e d C o n ­ g r e s s to k e e p the lower interest r a t e and the p r e ­ sent m o r t g a g e and price c e i l i n g s i n s t e a d of i m ­ posing the tighter income limits. 
Grav lee suggested also a few ad m in is tra tiv e and l e g i s l a ti v e c ha nges that w o u l d s t i m u l a t e c o n ­ s t r u c t i o n of a p a r t m e n t s for low in c o m e families u n d e r t h e g o v e r n m e n t's 
S e c t i o n 8 r e n t a l a s s i s ­ tance p r o g r a m . Since the p r o g r a m was enacted 2 ^ 

 y e a r s a g o , f e w e r t h a n 
4o,ooo S e c t i o n 8 s t a r t s have been recorded. 
G r a v l e e u r g e d C o n ­ g r e s s to p l a c e g r e a t e r e m p h a s i s on new c o n ­ s t r u c t i o n . “ At a t i m e w h e n r e n t a l v a c a n c y r a t e s h a v e d r o p p e d sharply , and th e r e is an u n q u e s t i o n e d n e e d fo r new m u l t i - f a m i l y h o u s ­ in g , it s e e m s i n a p p r o ­ p r i a t e to p l a c e s u c h a h e av y r e l i a n c e on e x i s t ­ ing housing,” he said. 
S ecti on 8, u n l i k e p r e ­ vious low incom e housing p ro g r a m s , prov ides r e n ­ tal a s s i s t a n c e p a y m e n t s to t e n a n t s r a t h e r t h a n s u b d i z i n g m o r t g a g e i n ­ t e r e s t r a t e s . L o w - a n d m o d e r a t e - i n c o m e f a ­ milies pay from 13 to 25 per cent of thei r incomes for rent, with HUD mak-* itig u p t h e d i f f e r e n c e b e t w e e n t h e t e n a n t ' s p a y m e n t a n d t h e f a i r m a r k e t rent for the unit. 

SPECIAL TO THE G O LD EN TWINS 
W A S H I N G T O N 
- 
‘‘The U.S. single-tamiiy housing m a r k e t is en te r­ ing the peak Spring and 
S u m m e r season s in the best s h a p e in m a n y a y e a r . ” 

So s a i d JI. J a c k s o n 
P on ti u s, exe cu tiv e vice president of the National 
Association of Realtors, in t h e a s s o c i a t i o n ’s m on th ly real e state sta-* tus report. 

Rare mesh 

“ W i t h a l i t t l e b it of luck. 1977 could easily be t h e b e s t y e a r e v e r for single-family con struc­ tion and the sale of both new and existing single­ family h o m e s , ” Ponti us said. 

Noting a r a r e m esh of supply and d e m a n d , the report ob serves that: 

• 
New single-family c o n stru cti o n is b ooming and should m a k e this the greatest single-family housing production y ear of the decade. 

• O n e h a l f of all new h o m e b u y e r s m u s t sell t h e i r e x i s t i n g h o m e . 
T h u s, li s tin g s of re s a le p r o p e r t i e s should grow s u b s t a n t i a l l y , t h o u g h p e rh a p s not a rate suffi­ c i e n t to m e e t th e de mand s. 

• T h e m o rtg a g e m a rk e t is highly favorable, with a record rate of deposits into the thrift institutions m a k i n g fu n d s a v ail ab le to fi nance th e expected b r i s k s a l e s a c t i v i t y of s i n g l e - f a m i l y h o u s i n g this Spring. 

As to d e m a n d for h o u s i n g , t h e r e p o r t points to a n u m b e r of fa­ vorable factors. A large pe rcentage of households a r e h e a d e d by th o se in the 25-35 ag e range, the p rim e age for buying the f i r s t h o m e . C o n s u m e r c o n f i d e n c e , th e r e p o r t says, has b een re sto red by im p r o v e m e n ts in the o v erall e c o n o m y a n d a rise in em p lo y m e n t and personal income. 

“ T h e r e a r e few good r e a s o n s fo r p o t e n t i a l bu ye rs to rem ain on the sid e lin es," Pontius said. 
“ M an y feel th a t the o p ­ p o rtu n itie s to a c q u ir e a single-family home will not be a s good a s nex t y e a r . H o m e p r i c e s a r e e x p e c t e d to r i s e , a n d m o r tg a g e interest credit is e x p e c t e d to be m o r e expensive in 1978.” 

W h il e t h e 
J a n u a r y freeze a b ate d somewhat, th e p r o j e c t e d F e b r u a r y resale h o m e sales volume 

Real heat zone helps 

Were the va ri ous p art s of the house evenly he a t­ ed when th e cold west winds blew? 

If you w e r e d i s s a t i s ­ fied. you should consider 
“ z o n in g .” s u g g e s t s th e 
B e t t e r H e a tin g - C o o l in g 
Council. Many hydronic s y s t e m s w e r e z o n e d originally installed: so, p r o p e r t e m p e r a t u r e s could be m a in ta in e d in all p a rts of th e house, ev en d u r i n g t h e w o rs t weather. 
If your house has hot wate r heating, it can be an easy m a t te r to add one or two zones, ea ch c o n ­ trolled by its own t h e r ­ mostat You can keep the b asem en t pla yroom cool when i f s not in use and get quick h eati n g there when the kids b ring in their friends. 
The be dro om s can be kept at low er t e m p e r a ­ tures du rin g the day to 

 save fuel and turned up in th e e v e n i n g if you w i s h , w h i l e stil l m ain ta in in g the t e m p e r ­ a t u r e you w a n t in the living room and kitchen. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
There is only one. 

4oo1 North New Braunfels. A condominium com­ munity of very private, very secure penthouse, tower and townhome residences enclosed in on intimate yet colorful plaza in the heart of Son Antonio. 
Our success reflects the success of the people who live here. Over 5o% of the tower residences are sold. 
There ore still excellent tower residences available, with singularly spectoculor views of the city. Those who buy now will live the private, unhurried lifestyle of a world surrounded by elaborate security and enhanced by the kind of services found only in the best luxury hotels and resorts. 
The opportunity to own one of these unparalleled residences will never again present itself. There is, and will only be, one 4oo1. By appointment only, 
826-6368. 

4oo1 
NORTH NEW BRAUNFELS 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 w as down a bit from the a n n u a l i z e d r a t e of 3.3 million at the end of 1976 to a rate of between 3 and 
3.2 million units, the r e ­ p o r t s a y s . T h e p a c e of e x i s t i n g h o m e t r a n s a c ­ ti o n s is e x p e c t e d to be s t r o n g in th e S p r i n g months. 

The sale of new ho mes held up well despite the 
J a n u a r y w e a t h e r , a c ­ c o r d i n g to th e r e p o r t . 
The seaso n ally a d ju s ted a n n u a l r a t e of 765,ooo new- single-family h o m e . 

 sales was only nominally below the D e c e m b e r le ­ vel. 
The expected reb ound of new home construction took place in F e b r u a r y , the report says , with an a n n u a l i z e d r a t e of 
1,422,ooo single-family home st arts, the highest f i g u r e s i n c e J a n u a r y , 
1973. 
However, multi­ fa m ily s t a r t s r e m a i n e d d e p r e s s e d at an a n n u al rate of 369.ooo units, vir­ tu a lly u n c h a n g e d fr o m the low J a n u a r y rate. 
Mortgage loans closed 

 in J a n u a r y totale d $5.4 billion, an all-time J a n ­ uary record, according to the re p o rt, and the s u p ­ ply of m o rtg ag e credit is a m p l e with federally in­ s u r e d s a v i n g s and loan a s s o c i a t i o n s r e c e i v i n g 
$4.8 billion in new dep o­ sits. T h is is the second highest mon thly new in ­ flow ever recorded, $3oo million under the J a n ­ uary, 1976 record. 
T h e a v e r a g e y ield on con v e n tio n a l m o r t g a g e s o f f e r e d for s a l e to th e 
F e d e r a l N a tio n a l M o r t ­ 

 g a g e A s s o c i a t i o n — $n indicator of interest rate t r e n d s — c o n t i n u e d l o ri s e , r e a c h e d 8.896 p e r cent for the M arch 7,1977 auction, the report says. 
The 
Chicago-based associati on s e r v e s m o r e t h a n 
1,7oo m e m b e r boards and state associa­ tions in all 5o states, t i e 
D i s t r i c t of C o l u m b i a 
G u a m . P u e r t o Rico and the Virgin Is la nds. T | e 
D e p a r t m e n t of E c o n o ­ m i c s a n d R e s e a r c h js b a s e d in t h e o r g a n i z a ­ tion’s Washington office. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
We plan to please. 

San Pedro Hills is all this and more 

F or xtarter**, San P ed ro Hills is a very sp ecial residen­ tial com m unity. 
Especially d eveloped for natural living. San Pedro Hills offers peaceful easy living in the beautiful forests o f north San A ntonio. San P ed ro Hills m eans lighthearted tim es in the excitem en t o f the ou td oors with the finest sw im m ing and tennis facilities. And a special unexpected con ven ien ce o f a cit* park ami future sch ool site serve tin* com m unity, including Churchill High School. 

San P edro H ills hom es are also very special. Creat­ ed in a variety o f architectural m oods, by 15 o f San 
A ntonio's finest builders, ranging from the traditional to the vibrant con tem porary. Each hom e em phasizes the natural settin g taking advantages o f w ide open areas, courtyards, and dram atic window placem ent. 

Now priced 

 from $ 5 o ,o o o . 

F or m ore inform ation cai! «2a-om 
San Pedro 
^ ills 
. . . 

Another Denton Development: 

Great den, 
Meal Eubanks! 

D on't be surprised if someone tells you how 
*reat your Great America lome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodbum- ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous m as­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com ­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest,* 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each com m unity is m inutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ m unities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. 
Just ask any of our hom e­ owners. m GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Ffeadquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

Twin CHEEK tfeaagaBBaagaa 

* ★ SPLIT BEDROOMS — master suite separated from secondary bedrooms for added privacy. 
★ CATHEDRAL CEILING — Family room in this plan allows the family plenty of room to grow. 
★ FIREPLACE — Rounded fireplace attractively handcrafted is a 
USHHOME exclusive which the whole family will enjoy. 

★ Large bedrooms each with triple closet 
★ Large family room 
★ Box window in family room 
★ Breakfast bar and serve-through in kitchen 
★ Inside utility room 
★ Big formal area 
★ 1 o o % brick exterior 
★ Full energy saving features 
★ Over-engineered air conditioning 
★ Double garage with ample raised storage 

There's so much more to be seen in this home; so much more to be experienced by owning a home like this one! 

$44,5oo 

IOO 
I 
TOTAL move-in VA. 
Conventional 
Financing 
Available lus-Home 

<8> 

 heatilator 

AMERICAS HADING EIRE PLACE SYSTEMS 
WORTH COMING HOME TO 

Listed on the N e w York Stock E xchange 

Trade-Ins 
Considered 

Furnished 
Models 
Daily 
681 - 

W OODSTONE TO W NHO M ES present im pressively decorated m odels 
Woodstone Townhomes yield all advantages of leisurely life style 

“ Free lim e” is too infrequent fur the aver­ age American family liv­ ing in a home today, but. at 
Woodstone Town­ homes, the leisurely, ac­ tive life styles sought by so many are constants. 
At this northwestern 
San Antonio community, there's no need to mow, trim or clean. Residents are set free for their fa­ vorite pastimes. 
‘Exciting’ 
The townhouse com­ munity is exciting be­ cause it’s literally carved into a wooded hillside, 

 yielding a country at­ mosphere and the quiet of a cut - dc - sac. 
Townhomes of flair and style range in price from $38,7oo to $48,4oo. 
Four different floor plans are available. They have three bedrooms and 
2 * 2 baths and are spacious and luxurious, with models up to 1.8oo sq. ft. 
Leisure is created at 
Woodstone by a common maintenance program that provides care for lawns, swimming pool, clubhouse and all other 

Who knows best? 

When making a major purchase, it is a great satisfaction to know that the man you're dealing with is competent in his field and really knows what he is talking about. 
When you are buying a new heating system or having an old one re ­ paired, the salesman’s knowledge is as impor­ tant as his integrity, the 
Better Heating-Cooling 

CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 

Council points out. it' he is lacking in either, it can be costly for you. 
Ask him for references in the neighborhood: the names of local ho­ meowners for whom he recently did work. Check with those people. Their com m ents are much more meaningful than the testimonials of TV comedians or football stars. 

------------- 
CLASSIFIED o B 'p C S Y --------- 

 common areas. This frees the residents to lie around the pool, if they please, or spend some time with convivial friends in the clubhouse. 
Since Woodstone is near HTS A, South Texas 
Medical 
Center and 
USAA, the community enjoys much popularity with the creative people who work in these areas. 
Convenient financing is available at the low an­ nual interest rate of 834 per cent with as little as 
5 per cent dow n. 
The setting of Wood­ stone is spectacular, with a view to the north of rolling hills and woods. 
Deer have been sighted often from the clubhouse during the late afte r­ noons. 
The project boasts landscaping and luxury appointments like an in­ dividual (recessed) en- 

CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 

 try way and two patios for each garden - type home. 
Included in the pur­ chase price of each resi­ dence is a self - cleaning oven, dishwasher and trash compactor. 
Woodstone is conven­ ient to the Colonies North 
Mall and Wonderland 
Shopping City and only 
V-z mile from elementary and middle schools. It is near churches, en te r­ tainment and fine res­ taurants. 
Kelly and Lackland 
AFBs are reached easily from Woodstone via N. 
W. II MO and N. W. Loop 
41o. 
To see the stunningly con t em po r a ry co rn rn u n i - tv of Woodstone, take the 
Huebner Road exit off N. 
W. III IO and-stay on the access road to Woodstone 
Drive. 
The exact address is 
4948 Woodstone Dr. 

CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 

If you’re looking for a place to build your Dream Home, this is a very real place to start. 

Where giant oaks abound, and rabbits hop around, where you can have a picnic just living, at Green Spring 
Valley. 

Already, a small village of contemporary homes blends into the nature-scape. 

Already, a waterfall pool complex and tennis courts and 3o-acre park serve the sun-splashed residents of 
Green Spring Valley. 

For the outdoor-active: an open meadow as attractive as it sounds. For neighborly relaxation: a party cabana. 

Pick a picnic place for life, in a prestige community. A wooded homesite for the home of your dreams. While they last. 

Homesites from $8,ooo 

I« " »P >6o4 

Near Northeast schools, near shopping centers, near country clubs, near freeways, and best o f all, near Mother 
Nature . 

Wooded homesites now available at 
Green Spring Valley 

Attain the H U D Property Report from developer and read it before signing anything. R U D . neither approves the merits of the offering nor the value, if any. of the property as an investment. 

Do you enjoy tennis h o m e y 
Its easy at 3 9 o 3 
Barrington, lf e hare 
3 Courts, 

Do you enjoy a quiet country lifestyle only minutes away from the city? 

At 39o3 Barring­ ton we have 22 acres o f Oak trees just off 
Northeast Loop 41o, 

Do you enjoy hand­ ball, volley-ball, swim­ ming pools, and Adult 
& Family Sections? 

Ifs at 39o3 Bar­ rington where man­ agement is interested in you — 

Do you enjoy spacious apartments with frost- free refrigerators? 

Where else but 
39 o 3 Barrington. 

39o3 Barrington 

^San Antonio. Tex. 

653-53oo 

...l f 
- ............ 
3 * o 3 B A ttlN G T O * 

* 

I 
I t 

*o IM I* 

Burns Co. building for ‘first family 

GREAT A M ERICA features coxy, spacious dens in hom es 

It’s not even open yet, but the Michael Billings­ ley family is taking no chances with their new homesite in Royal Ridge. 
The family got the jump on San Antonio Ut be the “ first family” in town to select a new home location in the 
Burns Co. portion of the development. The firm is yet to open its new area. 
By June 
The 128-tract portion, scheduled to begin con­ struction in April with new homes ready for oc­ cupancy in June, peace­ fully sits among the wooded rolling hills of northeastern 
Bexar 
County. The roads, as yet unpaved, gently sweep through the area, follow­ ing the natural contours of the land to preserve as much of the natural set­ ting as possible. Hilltop sites offer a splendid view of the San Antonio skyline by day; a twin­ kling array of distant city lights by night. 
This quiet, spacious countryside setting was just what Diane Billings­ ley wanted for the chil­ dren. She added that the 

 location is minutes away from the family’s place of worship; her hus­ band’s position at Fort 
Sam Houston; excellent schools for Scott and Re­ becca; and major shop­ ping malls and enter­ tainment facilities for the whole family. 
The Billingsley family came to San Antonio from West Point only three months ago when 
Michael accepted a resi­ dency in oral surgery at 
Brooke Army Medical 
Center. The whole family fell in love with the cli­ mate and friendliness of the Alamo City, and they decided to make this their permanent home. 
Rather than rent, Mi­ chael and Diane knew the advantages of invest­ ing in home ownership. 
And after shopping over 
San Antonio’s home­ builders, they chose the 
Burns Co. to build their first home. 
Why Burns? Their commitment to energy conservation, say M i­ chael and Diane. 
Every Burns Co. home is built with the proven 
“ Power Saver” con­ struction techniques to 
Homes create excitement 

Built by Great America 

Quality built elegance and dynamic styling add up to the “ personality - plus” Great America homes now creating so much excitement among home buyers in San An­ tonio. 
Every turn of the cor­ ridor and every room of the home surprises the visitor with refreshing and exciting features. 
Panoramic 
Enter a Great America home to the breathtaking panoramic view of a spa 

C U IS IH C w m » Y 

 cious living area with brick-crafted fireplaces and soaring ceilings which may extend beyond second-story liv­ ing areas or indoor bal­ conies. Generous panels of glass merge the envir­ onment and the home in­ to one airy, open living concept. 
Natural utilization of space by Great Ameri­ ca’s designers eliminates the four-walled, closed-in feeling of conventional housing. Instead, a Great 
America home may 
C la s s if ic wltuk'r 
Thunderbird Hills 
UNDER '3o,ooo 

N o w w ith air cond , fully c a rp e te d an d 
M a g ic C h e f ra n g e & o v e n w ith black g la ss d oo rs. 

2138 lames Bonham 
$3o,ooo 
2134 James Bonham 
$29,9oo 
2118 lames Bonham 
$29,9oo 

U n d e r $4o,ooo 
6214 little fawn 
$39.9 SO 
U n d e r $5o OOO 
62o7 Deer Skin 
$47,ooo 
O th e rs U n d e r C o n s tr u ctio n 

FOREST OAKS ESTATES 

7327 Crownpiece 
$49,3oo 
O th e rs U n d e r C on stru ctio n 

VA, FUA, 
CONV. financing 

 tmmOEMIRD 
^)HIU5 
IO ’Til Dusk 
684-o81o 

 center life around an en­ ormous family living ar­ ea adjacent to the break­ fast nook and kitchen and with easy access to out­ door patios, pools and garden landscaping. 
Formal living and din­ ing areas — many with built-in buffets, cabinets and glass-doored upper cabinets for display — lie-. to the opposite side of the kitchen, creating a com­ plete walk-through serv­ ing area perfect for home entertaining. 
This unstructured feeling of extended living space is found among the bedrooms ar.d master suite, all tucked away from traffic areas for privacy. 
Many have sloped ceilings, glass- paneled walls and indoor or outdoor balconies overlooking great views or living areas below. 
Master suite plans exa­ mine the alternatives to the dark and crowded baths common to most homes with separate 

 his-n-her dressing areas, vanities and walk-in clo­ sets connected by a sun­ ken Roman tub. Other plans combine patio and sitting areas in the mas­ ter suite. 
You will find Great 
America homes in San 
Antonio’s finest com­ munities. In the north­ west, new Great America homes are available in the countryside setting of 
Park Forest, off Lock- hill-Selma Road north of 
Wurzbach Road, where homes range from 
$59,ooo to $1oo,ooo. Hid­ den Creek features Great 
America homes from 
$63,ooo to $115,ooo and is located off Vance Jack­ son Road north of N.W. 
Loop 41o. 
Also in northwestern 
San Antonio, Forest Oaks 
Estates offers Great 
America homes from 
$45,5oo to $6o,ooo, Visit the community by driv­ ing north on Evers Road off N.W. Loop 41o. Great 
America’s newest com­ 

 munity, Elm Creek, is located off Lockhill-Sel- ma Road north of Wurz­ bach Road and features new homes from $8o,ooo. 
In north central San 
Antonio, new 
Great 
America homes are avai­ lable in Thousand Oaks, a quiet community off 
San Pedro Avenue north of N.W. Loop 41o, with homes from $59,ooo to 
$75,ooo. Hidden Forest is nestled among the rolling hills of north central 
Bexar County on Bitters 
Road off Blanco Road, and new Great America homes are available here from $56,ooo to $72,ooo. 
The Oaks in San Pedro 
Hills, with tree-covered lots overlooking down­ town San Antonio, fea­ tures Great America homes from $49,7oo to 
$6o,ooo. Visit the north central community north of N.W. Loop 41o off San 
Pedro Avenue. 
Great America sales offices are open daily from IO a.m. until dusk. 
Great Northwest features Coates 

Rarely can you find a new luxury home for under $4o,ooo. 
But today in The Great 
Northwest, the Coates 
Development Co. is fea­ turing just such a home with 26 native trees in its backyard for only 
$38,5oo. 
Mistake? 
Honestly, some would think a mistake was made in pricing this 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 home at 87o2 Timber 
Briar. If s almost too good to be true. 
A ceramic tile entry leads you into the spa­ cious family room ben­ eath a towering cathedral ceiling. The corner fire­ place has a gas log lighter for convenience. 
Sliding glass doors open onto the patio for full outdoor enjoyment! 
An informal dining room boasts a superb 

 dLAsflfilD DISPLAY 

... ’........... -..f. * > 
’ . 

PREVIEW TODAY! 

% inerald 
'alley 

NORTH OF LOOP 41o 
ON CULEBRA 

 view of the backyard and its 26 trees. Adjacent is the kitchen with gas range, decorator hood, dishwasher and disposer. 
Lots of cabinets, a pantry and beautiful ceramic tile countertops enhance its beauty and efficiency. 
A finished two-car gar­ age and privacy fencing at the rear are included. 
The master bedroom has an entire wall of clo­ set and a private bath with marbletop vanity. 
The other two bedrooms have plenty of closet space, too. 
This new Coates Deve­ lopment Co. home is lo­ cated in 
The Great 
Northwest. Homeowners enjoy the privileges of a beautiful community clubhouse, junior 
Olympic swimming pool, lighted tennis and bas­ ketball courts. 

The entire community is rolling hills covered with many beautiful na­ tive trees. It is conven­ iently located minutes from the South Texas 
Medical Center, UTSA, 
USAA and Lackland and 
Kelly AFBs. 

See this new home to­ day. Just take Culebra 
Road north of N.W. Loop 
41o to The Great North­ west. 

Don’t drain 
If your house is heated with a hot water boiler, there is no reason to change the water. They hydronie system is sealed, and any impur­ ities brought in with the fresh water originally have lo settled out. 
Bringing in new water also brings in new im­ purities. They are not of great significance unless you keep adding fresh water repeatedly so, don’t do it, advises the 
Better Heating-Cooling 
Council. 

CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISM AY 
CLASSIFIED D ISM AY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 drastically reduce the major cause of increased utility bills: air infiltra­ tion. 
The Burns Co. seals every home during se­ veral stages of construc­ tion to eliminate the unnecessary flow of air into or out of your home 
— flow which tests have 
• proven to account for 41 per cent of heating and cooling costs. Extra in­ sulation, double glass windows and power ven­ tilators are all standard. 
The “ Power Saver” collection features excit­ ing options in design and size to meet the needs of any family or lifestyle. 
The Billingsleys have just about settled on one alan, and having so 

 many to choose from en­ abled them to get just what they dreamed of. 
The Burns Co. invites all prospective ho­ meowners to see the ad­ vantages of owning a 
“ Power Saver” home in 
The Great Northwest, 
Hidden Forest or, now, in Royal Ridge. Sales offices are open daily, except Wednesdays, in 
The Great Northwest, north of N.W. Loop 41o on Culebra Road to FM 
471, and Hidden Forest, located off Bitters Road north of N.W. Loop 41o on Blanco Road. 
For a personal sneak preview of the Burns Co. portion of Royal Ridge, phone company repre­ sentatives. 

FIRST fam ily to m ove in soon 

NOW IS THE TIME 
TO BU Y A NEW HOM E 

This New Hogtie 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I ’m Buddy Burns. And I d like to shed some licht on your old home, lf your home is 
5 years old or older, chances are it's obsolete. 
That's right, obsolete. Be­ cause at the time your home was built, there were virtually no energy-effi- ciency standards. As a result, many San Antonians are faced with utility bills that may soon exceed their house payments! 

Why N O W Is The Time To Buy. 
Let's look at the facts. Since you invested in your home a few years ago, two things have hap­ pened. For one, you've been making house payments for sev­ eral years, so your equity has grown. Tot*, since the cost of building a new home has stead­ ily increased, the cost of replac­ ing your home has increased. 
BUT, because your old home isn't energy efficient, it wastes valuable energy. And believe it or not, homeowners around the country are actually beginning to lose money when they sell their older homes. Because no­ 

 body wants to buy a home where the cost of heating and cooling ayments. 
IXJ exceeds the monthly pa 
M y advice is this: With the money you can make by selling your old home right now, you can probably make the down­ payment and move into a new 
Burns Co. Power Saver '*' home today. And, while your house payments may be a little higher, the lower utility bills should easily offset the difference. The only thing you can't afford to do is wait much longer. 

 ing and cabinetry, and wood- burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
“ wife saver" kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. Luxu­ rious baths with marble vanities and full size tubs And elegant master suites, with walk-in closets and separate dressing areas. Priced from $46,ooo to 
$65,ooo. For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor. Re­ member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose. 

Come See My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ noon to see my new Power 
Saver* homes in Hidden Forest and The Great Northwest. 
You'll see handsome living areas, with plush deep-pile carpet, furniture-finished panel- 
HlUU-Cfr 

11X31 Radium, San Antonio, 
Texas 7K’ lft 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 977 
* 

On how to control lawn problems 

By TERRY WILBOURN 
C O U N T Y E X T E N S IO N H O R TIC U LTU R IS T 
Spring always brings a flurry of activity for many of us, par­ ticularly when it comes to lawn chores. Indeed, this is the time to perform many chores to maintain a healthy grass. 
Apparently, I have opened a can of worms, so to speak, with my com­ ments on applying soii to a lawn. Some misunderstanding has arisen, perhaps due to the fact that I did not fully ex­ plain the advantages and disadvan- 

CtA&UFUED DISPLAY 

 tages of applying soil to the lawn. 
I suppose previous implications were to never use topsoil. This is not so. 
Good quality topsoil is definitely an asset when establishing or putting in a lawn. 
Many of the soils are shallow and rocky, while others are comprised mostly of caliche. In this case, adding six to 12 inches of good topsoil to the lawn will provide a good base for grass establishment. 
Also, there may be situations where applications of topsoil to an established or growing lawn will be beneficial. 

C l A SU FWD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

3 AND 4 BEDROOMS 

M A R K E T E D E X C L U S IV E L Y 

B y W A L T C O R N E L I U S 

828-6343 

*33,65o to *36,ooo 
8 % V A Financing 
FH A & C onv. A v a ila b le 

N O R T H S ID E S C H O O L S : 3 B K S . F R O M 

E L E M E N T A R Y 
& - C L O S E 
T O 
H O L M E S 

H IG H 
& 
S '.'L 
R O S S 
JR 
H I G H — F E A 

T U R IN G : 

• 2 B ath s • C u sto m C a b in e ts • C e n tra l 

H e a t & 
A ir • Lots O f C lo se t S p a c e • 

H ig h O n A Hill. 

O p e n 1o A M Til D ark 
H.P. ORTS CONSTRUCTION 
Sales Off: 6oo3 White Clodd 
6 8 4 -1 3 8 6 

This would be true if there are low spots in the yard where water stands. or if there are areas that have eroded. 
Light applications to areas that have been killed or injured by chinch bugs and / or grubworms will definitely help in re-establishment. 
If you have a healthy, vigorous lawn grass, I still do not think it’s wise or necessary to apply topsoil to the top of the grass. Certainly do not make it an annual practice. I have seen lawns where weed seeds and sprigs were brought in with the topsoil. Also, grubworms could be introduced. Cer­ tainly the source of the soil would be a factor here." 
When we say “ good quality" topsoil, one generally is referring to a sandy loam. A sandy loam is far superior to the heavy clays one may obtain. A true loam soil contains about equal parts of sand, silt and clay. Of course, a sandy loam would contain slightly more sand by volume than silt and clay. This type soil would be a welcomed addition to many of our yards at lawn establish­ ment time or when rejuvenating weak or dead grass. 
Topsoil is sold by the cubic yard; so, if you were to put two inches over dead or weak areas to rejuvenate the grass, one cubic yard would cover approxi­ mately 162 sq. ft. If you were applying six inches over an area to establish a lawn, one cubic yard would cover ap­ proximately 54 sq. ft. 
Worst lawn pest 

The chinch bug is probably the worst lawn pest we have here in South Texas. 
It seriously damages St. Augustine grass. As the insect sucks the plant juices, it releases a poison that causes yellowish to brownish patches to ap­ pear in lawns. If the attack does not kill the plant, it recovers slowly, and the lawn looks bad for a long time. I 

 am presently seeing a few chinch bug - damaged lawns; so. be on the lookout for them. 
These discolored areas are generally where sunshine strikes the lawns se­ veral hours daily. The chinch bug is a sunshine - loving insect and seldom at­ tacks grass in a dense, shady area. It is about a fifth of an inch long when ma­ ture. It is black with white patches on its wings, which it folds over its back. 
If you decide to wait on spraying, be sure to check your lawn for this pest on a sunny day each week during the 
Summer. You can readily find chinch bugs by slowly sliding your foot through the sod and watching for the bugs to crawl across your shoe. 
Another way to check for them is to cut the top and bottom out of a fairly large can to form a cylinder. Press this into the ground in areas where the chinch bug is suspected. Fill with water and watch for the insects float to the top. 
There are numerous chemicals one can use to kill chinch bugs. They are 
Aspern, carbaryl, diazinon, Dursban, ethion or Trithion. With each chemi­ cal, read the label for rates to use and precautions and use each accordingly. 
If your lawn has a history of chinch bug problems, you most probably will have them to some extent this year. If they are to be present this year, they will be there now in a young, immature stage. They are harder to recognize and actually won’t be doing any signi­ ficant damage, but they are easier to kill now. 
So, sometime in April or the first part of May would be a good time to put out your controls. 
Dreaded disease 

Brown patch is a discase that causes many gardeners much concern in try­ ing to maintain a beautiful lawn. The 

 fungus that is responsible for brown patch attacks almost all species of grasses but is more serious on bent­ grass. bluegrass, St. Augustine and centipede grasses. Brown patch is one of the most prevalent lawn diseases during warm, humid periods of time. 
There are several factors that tend to make the grass more susceptible to brown patch. One of these is the ex­ cessive application of nitrogen ferti­ lizer. This promotes a lush growth of grass that is readily attacked. Another condition that leads to severe disease development is watering late in the afternoon and allowing the grass to remain wet for long periods of time. 
Also, the buildup of thatch is another condition that promotes excessive dis­ ease development. 
Thatch is the buildup of grass and plant debris in the root and crown area of the turf. The accumulation of thatch creates a most favorable environment for the development of many disease - causing fungi and, at the same time, a most unfavorable environment for the graSvS. 
Brown patch is characterized by the development of irregular circular ar­ eas a few inches to several feet in dia­ meter. These areas may have a brow­ nish to gray discoloration. In certain grasses, a narrow, dark smoke • co­ lored ring may border the disease ar­ ea. These watersoaked or scalded spots 

 in the lawn spread very rapidly, be­ coming large brown areas, 
Generally, brown patch attackes on­ ly the leaves and stems of the grass; however, if it is not controlled, it can attack the roots and kill large areas of the lawn. Brown patch is quite severe on St. Augustine in the Spring, espe­ cially at temperatures of 
6o to 75 degrees F. At temperatures of 8o degrees F and above and under low moisture conditions, the activity of tho fungus decreases. 

Prevention is the best method of disease control. To prevent brown patch or other lawn diseases from de­ veloping. practice the following control procedures: 

•Manage the lawn properly by using recommended practices of watering, fertilizing and mowing procedures. 

•Follow procedures for thatch con­ trol. 

•When brown patch is a problem. limit the amount of nitrogen fertilizer applied. 

•When brown patch occurs, use one of the following fungicides: PCNB. 
Byrnie, Daconil 2787. 

Bo sure to follow the instructions given on the label aS to the rate to use and time of application. 
Two more added to Rosow' Kline 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Conserve Energy 
Insulate Your W indows 

 i 

★ Reduces 7 2 % of solar heat rays 

 before it penetrates windows 

★ Reduces glare up to 5 o % 

★ Stops heat loss in winter 

★ IO Year Warranty 

SAVE UP TO 

On Monthly Utility B i lls 
? 
Coll f o r .f r e e h o m e d e m o n s t r o t i o n for M ore Information M a il This Coupon 
SOLAR 
SCREENS, INC 
227-17oo 
8 1 7 E. EUCLID 

o < % n t o E a r t h 

Gard eners’ Q u e s t i o n s — Answ ers 

Bv TEK RY WILBOURN 
C O U N T Y E X T E N S IO N H O R TIC U LTU R IS T 
Every year I grow' sweet corn in my garden, I have worms in the ear. Is there any way to prevent these worms from getting in? 

The corn earworm is definitely a problem and one difficult to control. 
You need to keep either a spray or dust of Sevin on 

 the ear from the time the silks appear to harvest. 
This may mean applying every other day. 

Chinch bugs damage my St. Augustine grass every year. Is there any way to prevent them from damaging my yard? 

If the chinch bug is to be a problem this year, he will be present now in a young, immature stage. 
Consequently, 

Questions on various 

 aspects of lawn, garden or plant care, as well as landscaping, can be ans­ wered in this column. 
Please address any corre­ spondence to the colum­ nist himself and not to this 

 c lX ssTfied d is p l a y 

I n c r e d i b l e ? ! 

 putting out your controls in April or the first of 
May is advisable. The chinch bug is easier to control then. 

 newspaper. The columnist requests that all inquiries be made by mail and not by telephone. Correct mailing address is: Down to Earth, c / o Terry Wil- bourn, County Extension 
Horticulturist, Texas Agri­ cultural Extension Service, 
2o3 W. Nuevo St., Room 
31o, San Antonio, TX 
782o7. 

>.<r-.P!.AY 

Larry Rosow and Mar­ vin Kline have announced the addition of two resi­ dential sales associates to their staff of Rosow & 
Kline, Realtors. 
Each addition was made at the realty firm’s office at 5226 Fredericks­ burg Rd. 
Dianne Reeves, a na live Lousianan, graduat­ ed from the University of 
Southern 
Mississippi with a degree in psycho­ logy and education. She was a co - founder and assistant director of the 
Mississippi Gulf Coast 
Drug Abuse Center. She has been a member of the Harrison County 
United Way Board, the 
Gulf Coast Association for Mental Health and the Harrison County Help 
Line. 
A San Antonian since 
1957, Elouise Arbuckle graduated from the 
American College of 
Real Estate here and worked for Southwestern 
Bell Telephone Co. and 
Gill Cos., Realtors. 

Heat control 
Modern apartment buildings usually permit each tenant to dial his own heat. A single cen­ tral control can cause 
•overheating of some apartments just to get adequate heat to the more remote ones, and builders know they can save that wasted fuel by providing each apart­ ment with its own ther­ mostat, comments the 
Better Heating-Cooling 
Council. 
— clAifiniBBBvrav---- 

DIANNE REEVES 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
ELOUISE ARBUCKLE 

— 
C L A iitfiio 
: Z T " 

 a *yV Y* -; 
REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

NOTICE 

LAST CLASSES TO MEET THE MAY 
19 BROKER APPLICATION DEAD­ 
LINE BEGIN MAY 2 (5 DAY) AND 
MAY 7 (2 WEEK-END). 

American College 
V of Real Estate. Inc. 

31o1 ASHBY / SAN ANTONIO TEXAS 78212 / IS I? ) fib 2o75 

P . 

A New Luxury 3-Bedroom, 2-Bath 
Home and 26 TREES for $38,5oo! 

Rarely do you find a new luxury home under 

$4o,ooo! But this new Coates Development Com­ pany home has the luxury features of: FIR EPLA C E, 
CATH ED RAL C EILIN G ^CERAM IC T ILE EN TR Y 
• FIN ISH ED TWO-CAR G ARAG E ^CERAMIC 
KITCHEN COUNTERTOPS and much more! 
T H E G R E A T 
N O R T H W E S T 

NO CITY TAXES 
NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 

COMMUNITY SWIM CLUB 
LIGHTED TENNIS COURTS 
BASKETBALL COURTS 

C O A T E S 
684-1123 
DEVELOPM ENT CO. 

A COMPLETE THERMAL PACKAGE 

 la : 
(in disguise) 

Solar I is result o f W ats ofcreseaftb hod planqtnq in of thermal engineering. It is 
Aff systems trove proven successful ^ w k S ifc -W ith only two 

 small solar c o l l e c t o r s this M plogkaUy poaflonesi brick w a l l a b o d e d hills of New 
Braunfels is convention^ in qppiOtooce yeLengineered to tost q fom ify.at.five less than 5o% the 

 normal energy expense, Six e jecto rs con b l tidtiri w Kjyvt m y structural alterations to 

 achieve a fully se lf - sulfkjfeiW 4'ii of 

The value far exceeds f|aw r|d|l™ pries^of $5£bOo:' Only some of the reasons iw 
/ / / f f i l l Iii I i '/I \ 'A \ \ A \ " "• follow 
VW ///JB ii ’ (ii 111 
— Special additional insulation with vapor barriers protect epc|i (cam 
S the foundotion separately This meons double the stondartf volim 

— Double Alenco windows, independent of each other, caulked & scal­ ed against infiltration. Solar gray outer windows Both open for fresh 

 air. 

— Special self seolmg steel incased doors containing I Vi urethane 

— Kohler water saving plumbing. 

— 12o gallon solor water heater uses less power (hon two IOO watt liaht bulbs 
It uses a silicone water mixture to allow easy heot 

 transfer & is independent of normol supply 

 w 
Very specially in fla te d Oftic with thermostatically controlled ven­ tilator 8 eve vents to provide free flow of air. 

— House only requires o one fon AZC unit (IV ? ton was smalls* one available). 

— Thoroughly sealed brick fireplace with heotilators 4 a self seolmg gloss fire screen Uses arr from outside of home 

— Magic Chef Energy Sovng Kitchen A p p lie r s (except r t b i j ). 

— Two 2 x9 Solomon Collectors on roof. 

— Systems fully convertise to utilize standard energy sources in the event sun ceases to exist) 

Solar I its designed to toda y an d to m o rro w . For details read the accom panying editorial S a tu rd a y 8 S u n d a y in this 

 section. Then call or com e o u t. This is a trem e nd ou s o p p o rtu n ity to see a ve ry honest achievem ent in dom estic th e rm a l 

 engineering. 

COMAL 
HOMES 

Engineered and designed by 
G.F. GORMAN 

EASY HALL REALTY 
5 1 2 — 629-1192 

NEW BRAUNFELS, TEXAS 

6 5 

N. 

FM 2X22 r n 
BLAN 
S I L 

TAU. 
* 
Lr. 
SMAN RD 

I 4 i 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
MM 
Tok* Walnut »«•• no-H, t i m 
I (Sew o**i mon 11 K U H tKjn a* 1*1*1 
» on Tok*****-. A WH on Amu!** 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Saturday April 3o 1977 

Bill Ash, center, director and sales manager of Great America, Realtors, announced the winner at the close of an eight-week listing contest. Associate Fred Mosley received a m icrow ave oven for listing alm ost 

$2oo,ooo of residential properties. Asso­ ciate Marian Tilson was named “ Associate of the M o n th " for her contribution of 
$ I 38,ooo in sales. 

S o l a r f u e l 

 w o r k s w e l l 

 a t p r e s e n t 

By KAY RAGSDILL 
PRESIDENT. S A 
BOARD OE REALTORS 
If nothing else. lust 
Winter’s frigid tempera­ tures and fuel shortages in much of the nation convinced many Ameri­ cans that the era of cheap, plentiful fossil fuels is coming to an end. 
It became obvious that alternative sources of energy must be found and developed. 
One of the most fre­ quently discussed alter­ natives is solar energy. It has three endearing qua­ lities: it’s plentiful; ifs non-polluting; and. best of all. it's free. But. is solar energy a dream for tomorrow or does it have practical applications today? The answer to both questions is yes. 
Developed 
According to John 
Blake, executive director- of the Solar Energy In­ dustries 
Association 
(SE JA ), the technology for solar home heating and water heating is well developed. Although re­ finements in current sys­ tems may take place, further engineering 
'breakthroughs are not expected. 
The S E IA . a three - year - old organization, represents 122 manu­ facturers of solar equip­ ment plus 193 contractor 
- installers. 
Solar air conditioning is about three years away from becoming economi­ cally feasible, Blake says, while conversion of solar energy into electri­ city is still in the deve­ lopment stages. 
Blake says that no one really knows how many homes in the United 
States are now equipped with solar space heating or water heating equip­ ment. Such statistics have not been kept. How­ ever. in light of current consumer interest stimu­ lated by rising energy 
Am erican 
College makes move 
Construction is under way on the new head­ quarters and classroom facilities for the Ameri­ can College of Real 
Estate. 
The property, at 485o 
Walzem Rd., was recent­ ly purchased by the 
American College of Real 
Estate and, in addition to remodeling a portion of the building for adminis­ trative offices, 1,ooo sq. ft. of space is being add­ ed for a modern class-- room facility. 

 costs, the future of solar energy in the country looks bright. 
According to the SEIA, within five years more than 498.ooo homes will be equipped with solar water heaters. About 
34.3oo will be equipped with solar heating as well, lf Congress passes incentive tax credit le­ gislation proposed by the 
SEIA , the rate of installations could great­ ly accelerate. 

Such legislation would help home owners and home buyers overcome what is now a high hur­ dle, the steep initial cost of installation. Installa­ tion of a solar water heater can range in price from $9oo to $1,2oo. 
Installation of space heating can cost $8,ooo to 
$8,ooo. And that’s in un average new home. In­ stallation in an existing home is more expensive. 
It must be tutted that these costs do not include costs for necessary back­ up systems. Such sys­ tems. which can be tied into the solar systems, are needed to provide heat and hot water when stored solar energy is exhausted during pro­ longed overcast periods or cold spells. 
It is possible ti* build systems that could pro­ vide IOO per cent of a home's needs. However, the costs are prohibitive. 
Systems that can provide 
OO to 7o per cent of a home’s heating needs and 7o to 8o per cent of tile hot water required are feasible. 
In spite of high initial costs and the need for backup systems, instal­ lation of solar equipment makes sense now in cer­ tain cities, according to a recently released study conducted by the U. S. 
Energy and Research 
D e v e I o p rn e n t A d m i n i s * tration (ERDA). In com­ paring the costs of solar and electrical energy, the study concluded that installation of solar space and water heating equip­ ment would pay for itself in IO to 15 years in such cities as New York, Mia­ mi. Boston, Atlanta and 
Los 
Angeles, among others. 
Detailed information on solar systems and a comprehensive listing of manufacturers and ser­ vice organizations in the solar industry can be found in the Solar In­ dustry Index published by the SEIA . You can obtain a copy by sending a check for $1o to Solar 
Industry 
Index, 
IGOI 
Connecticut Ave., NAV., 
Suite 832, Washington, D. 
C. 2oo36. 

C LA S SIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 

Grand Opening • May 21, 1977 
GARDEN HOME 
PREVIEW 
TH IS W EEK EN D !!! 

 high $6o,ooo to low $8o,ooo by Sitterle Properties 

< M is s t t W f c 

< 
Ir Q c e 
696-3838 

Marketed by 
Guy Chi pm an 
Company Realtors t 

Solar I Home debuts in Talisman 

How far in the future is the self-sufficient, solar- powered home? 
The answer is that it no longer is in the future. It has arrived, in part at least, in 
Talisman 
Estates near New Braun­ fels, where Comal Solar 
Homes is introducing the 
Solar I Home. 
Prepared 

This home, engineered by G. F. Gorman of Co­ mal Solar Homes, is, by builder’s choice, not fully 
{lowered by the sun. But, by the buyer's choice, it can be converted to full, self-sufficient solar power even without structural alterations. It was built to suit the buyer's desires. 

As it is now, this spa­ cious. all-brick home containing 1.65o sq. ft. of living area plus a 6oo sq. ft. double garage can house a family of five who would pay less than 
Va of normal utility costs! 

Nothing experimental was used to achieve this modern-day wonder. 
Everything it features has been tested success­ fully in other parts of the country. And ifs offered at a modest price: 
$55,ooo. 

The home operates with solar power on all but light fixtures, range, oven and the buyer’s refrigerator. Most so­ called “ solar-assisted” homes use the sun’s power for only the water heating system, but, with this home, Comal Solar 
Homes has gone far beyond that and assures the buyer that he or she can opt for more to the point of full solar power throughout the home. 
Normal utilities are available as a back-up system. 
But tbe quantity of so­ lar power is not all this energy-saving home fea­ tures. The Solar Home I may draw from the sun’s unlimited power, but Co­ mal Solar Homes is concerned with helping 
Mother Nature do her thing with the greatest of ease by providing her with the best man-made insulative products. 
Special insulation here is added to standard in­ sulation, i.e., one-inch urathane wrapped with asphalt. This feature goes not only into walls and ceilings but even se­ parates the home from its firm, reinforced foun­ dation! The home is di­ vided into three sections, each insulated separately from one another for hampering cold, heat and even sound. 
Placement and kinds of windows also add to the energy-saving devices this home boasts. There actually are two separate window systems — out­ side, solar gray windows are sealed into structure to prevent infiltration of unwanted air, yet they can be opened for fresh air. They are arranged in a hot-cold opposing man­ ner to maintain air flow. 

The home also has special steel-encased doors which also feature urathane and seal tightly w hen closes. 

Even the fireplace of this home helps Mother 
Nature do her thing for the family. It is designed to use outside air for combustion of wood, and even that is controllable as it was with the effi­ cient cookstove used in the past. Ecology enters the picture with the out­ side ash dump. Heatila- tors, normally powered, in the fireplace utilize power fans to move addi­ tional warm air through the house; a glass fire screen seals when closed; and the opening at its chimney prevents con­ densation build-up. 
There’s more for 
Mother Nature: a new 
Kohler water-saving plumbing is used for the 
12o-gallon hot water tank unit with two small pumps which, together, use less energy than two 
1oo-watt light bulbs. This unit is guaranteed for five years, but, under normal usage, could last for another 15. Note, too, that hot water heaters, even under normal fami­ ly usage, constitute about 
2o per cent of what ap­ pears on a monthly elec­ tric bill. 
The attic ventilators are thermostatically con­ trolled to prevent heat build-up in the Summer and have eave vents to provide free flow of air. 
The air conditioning system here is more than ample for the entire liv­ ing area of the home. It’s a Pjj-ton unit with 18,726 
BT Us. 
The Solar I system is engineered fur today and 

 the future. The following contractors contributed a major effort in the con­ struction of this 
“ breakthrough” home: 
F’aul Crawford (New 
Braunfels), special foun­ dations; Robert Biggen, special framing; Don 
Bolt Insulation Co., spe­ cial insulation and vapor barrier insulation; Cole­ man Electric Co., special electric wiring and power controls; Hang Decorat­ ing Center, color coor­ dination; Williams Heat­ ing and Air Conditioning, economy-designed heat­ ing and air conditioning; 
V’oges Plumbing Co., special plumbing make­ up and solar installation by distributors of Sola- tron Solar Panels and 
Equipment; and Alenco, 

 special windows. Realtor is Easy Hall Realty, New 
Braunfels. 

The home, quite con­ ventional in its appear­ ance, does prove that a solar-fueled home need not be an architectural monstrosity for the sake of lower utility bills. In fact, it can even be as handsome as this one. 
Talisman Estates is reached most easily by exiting from N.E. IU 35 onto Walnut (Hwy. 46 
N.E.), proceeding north 
6M2 miles, turning right onto Bear Creek Road, right again where Talis­ man 
Estates sign is seen, right onto Talisman 
Road itself and then left to Amulet and the new 
.Solar I Home. 

 r 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 
Cl ASSlFiFn m « o i * v 

C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A r 
C lA S S IH tU " D ISP LA Y 

Garden 

T t id g e 

Q u ality Homes 

 in a Country 
Com m unity 

From 

* 55,ooo 

651-6237 

L a d sh a w - M ille r 

D e v elo pm e nt Co., Int. 

 i r o n 
T o m m i e s 
Why 
RcnO 

W h e n you could be building th e b ig g est 
S avin g s 
A ccount of yo u r life! 

For $362* per mo. you can own a 3 bedroom Townhome. 
5 % down, priced from 
$38,7oo 

‘ $289 Principal & Interest, $65 Taxes, 
SS insurance, $362 total mo. pmt. 
(36o mo. pmts.) 

 f 

• 
2 Private Garden Patios for each home 
• Cathedral Ceilings 
• Balconies 
• Fireplaces w/some Models 

W o o d s t o n e 

T o w n h o m e s 

4948 Woodstone Drive 

6 9 o -1 1 9 2 

Self Cleaning Ovens 
Trash Compactors 
Dishwashers 
Located just minutes from 
Colonies North S. Center, 
Wonderland, UTSA, U SA A , 
Datapoint, and the Medical 
Center 

TUCKED AWAT 

AMONG THE TREES 

TE) oNIY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM IO 
ADULT ft f AMU Y 

SECTIONS ‘ 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 
49o9 WOODSTONE 

2554 Northeast loop 41o 
656-1222 

9 
• 
/■» f r y y ■'?/; 

S u n d a n c e f 
-V v 4615 GARDENDALE 
■ 
. 
L*:V 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 7 I • / 
• ’ 
C H A N G I N G C O N C E P T S lh# 
ADULT, LIVIN G '- ' I av 

 iP a r f c C c t o n r 
A p a r t m e n t C o m m u n it y 

TV MONITORED SE C U R IT Y -G A R D E N PATIOS 

I USURIOUS f l u s ROOM - C V M c ‘a u m ' 
I-2-3 BDR. 
I & 2 BATH 
$185-$275 (Furn. Add.) UTILITIES PD. 
2o11 SANDERA RD 
4 JA A191 
B e t w e e n M ille r# ** J, C a lla g h a n 
A B o b B o t t A p a r t m e n t C o m m u n it y 

I U 
S O U T H S ID E 
^The Aristocrat Apts. 

M o d e r n I B d A p ts 
$165 Unfurnished - furnished Avail. 

5 5 5 H utch in s 
9 2 7 - 4 1 4 1 
A M A C W on a g e d Property 

$ El MIR ADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 

Nacogdoches 
6 5 6 - o 1 8 8 

o EL MAORIS 
APARTMENTS 

• W a sh e r D rye r 
C o n n e ctio n s 
* All Bills Paid 

6111 Vance Jackson 

The 

T in m a n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

7 1 2 -M I I g ^ N V K T O S S 
COUNTRY CLUB' 
APARTMENTS 

An ideal location 
Next to T urtle C reek 
G o lf C ou rse 
696-7o48 
863o Fairhaven Drive 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 
A AA HTM! NTS. 

 a s s a h y 
G I DFF INVESTORS 

A P A R T M IN T S . 

9525 LORENE 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 

 b ^ a b c o c lt jf? n o r t h 
APARTMENTS 

Country Living in the City 

I bedroom 
Apis. now 

 available furnished or 

Unfurnished 

6 miles north ol Loop 41o 

 on Babcork, turn left ut 

Springtime 

6S42 Spring Branch 

6 9 o - 1 4 6 o 

Wakefield-Stardust 
Apartments 
1, 2, 3 Bedroom Apts.' 
$18o-S35o 
Across Rector from N. Star Wall 
85o6 W akefield 

Separate family ft Adult Sections 
344-4558 

o 
N O R T H G A T E 

539 HONOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

 rn Aims. AlurtOsjied t'rO /jLffjf 
o 

ONE 
BEDROOM r n 

© LA PLAZA APTS. 
“TENNIS W O R LD ’ 
• ■ • C au tT tA U MIAL TM AND ( M I O S I CHIB 
• AOUIT ANO f AMHIX SIC K O N S 
• *U *N liH O AND UN»L‘iN IS M tD A A A F TM INTS 
U N lH lfS RAIO 
N O ! THI AS? SCHOOLS FUS S IF V IC I 
• NORTH ST AF AND C tN T FA l P A FF AA ALI t i l l 
115 N W. 1ooP 41o 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

From 

$1 8 9 

I © 
W A T E R 
W 
SCAPED the 
Pier 

711o Wurzbacii at Babcock 
Next door to Medical Center 
696-3851 

© ‘Forest Oaks apartments 

2 Bedroom Apts. i 
From $226-*263 
6313 Evert 
684-4755 

APARTMENTS 

1946 N .E . Lo o p I i i ) 

Lf€ Style by 
(Horry Wolbach Exit) j H u f f investors s 26 -2:155 

o 
-ii- 
NOB 
HIU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IH IO 
7676 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

o n o r t h e a s t 

Q l«n »3T sr*n o c o 
M p a n tm a n ts 

FOR QUICK 
RESULTS AN D 
EXTRA VALUE 
CALL 225-7411 

 rn 
• Jr. I B e d ro o m 
• turn. 4 U n fu r tith e d 

• O n * B e d ro o m L a rg e r • P o o l A la u n d r y 

• T w o B e d ro o m s 
* S in g le L e v e l, P r iv a t e P a t io 

6 5 6 - 2 1 1 6 
71o6 Glen Terrace (Close to R a n d o lp h Area]__ 

© 
T A R A 

AN APARTMENT H O M E 
UNFORGETTABLE a s it s N A M E r o N v iN it ’rf m r i f i r w a n d un um * p aid 
8o51 Brordway 
8 2 4 -o o 6 1 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 
8 2 8 -7 393 

© The BRITTA AT 

A SO PHISTICATED ADULT C O M M U 
NITY WITH A PO O L IN EACH COURT 
YARD 
HALF BLOCK OFF L O O P 4 1o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JO N E S-M A IT SIER G IR 
341-3126 

© The Heritage 

Apartments i I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 

1543 Babcock 
34 1-2228 

V^puraT 

H O M ESTYLE APARM ENT 
LIV IN G 
4515 Gardendale 
6 9 1 -1 o 4 4 
o 
S O O S 
B a rrin g to n 
653-53oo 

o 

I 
A N A D L R r A P A R T M E N T C O M M U N I T Y 
ALL AMENITIES • O N BUS LINE • ONE 
BLOCK FROM ST. MARY’S • ONE BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING • FURN. ADD. 
1, 2 & 3 BDR. 
$18o to $245 
UTILITIES PAID 

3 3 o 1 W 
W O O D L A W N 
4 3 4 9 3 9 4 
A Bob Ross Apartm ent Community________ 

o 
NORTHEAST AREA 
Morrill cPlaza 
I & 2 BDR. A TOW NHOUSES 
Garden apts, with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 

P a r r i n - B e i t e l Rd. 
6 6 5 -/1 2 2 

oFREN CH CHALET 

165o JA C K SO N KILLER 

THI ULTIMATA APARTM ENT 
C O M M U N IT Y 
344-4616 

FOR QUICK 
RESULTS AN D 
EXTRA VALUE 
K. CALL 225-7411 

©fork 
. 

V i l l a g e : 

■in r f m e r i t s 
A p a r t m e n t s 

• WINDSOR PARK M A U 

• NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 

• FURNISHED OR 
UNFURNISHED 

PAID UTILITIES 

PRIVATE PATIOS 

POOLS ft PARTY ROOM 

483o Ray Bon Drive 

. 653-73oo 

© 
Westchester 
Apartm ents eff., I, 2, 3 Bd. from $16o 

 f m is t-tnefit lo t o r t S u m u in l It iiiu b iljih 

I I H Austin Hwy. 
828-44o5 

A M A C M a n a g e d P r o p e r t y 

T erra 

A lta 

 f URN n IJNHJRN , 
'III Al HJR (GURUS 
ANO XTUDfNTS 

4 1 1 E V E R E S T 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 
© 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTM ENTS 

LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 

BIANCO AT JACKSON KELLER 
7543 SOUTH SEA LANE 
341-6251 

© C ountry Village 
Apartments 

I block off Broadway at 41o 
I, 2. 3 bedroom s front $16o 

8446 Country \ illagc . 
828-3721 
A M A C M a n a g e d P r o p e r t y 

S a n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y A p ril 3 o 1 9 7 7 
P a g e I I -D 7o6 TOWMKDUSES 
CLASSIFIED 
Better Living 
Section 

• Real Estate 
• M obile Hom es • Rentals 

IN D EX 

-REAL ESTAff Ityjiffi 
1 
2o1 - REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 - BEAL ESlATf WflTICES 
2o1 • BEAL ESTATE NOTICES 

R E A L E ST A T E r n 

7o1 - Beni blote Nol'tet 
7o? -Homes Open lot I injection 
7o4— Property Out of Town 
7o6—Condommiuim • Townhouses 
7oo—Rportmentv Duplexes 
71o—Houses- Mortheost 
717—Rouses—Northwest 
7 U —Houses— Southeast 
716—Houses-Southwest 
718—Houses Moved and Wrecked 
72o—Houses for Trode 
22? -Miscellaneous (Teal {state 
724—Houses, Sole or Rent 
224—Suburban Property— Iceage 
728—Resort Properties 
73o-lots 
732—forms and Ranches 
734-forms and Ranches for Rent 
236—Commercial Property—Sole 
238—Commercial Property (loose) 
24o—Commercial Peppery (Wonted I 
742—Industrial Properly for Sole 
744— Industry! Property for lease 
246— Industrial Property Wonted 
?48—Office Space for lease 

25o— Office Spore Wanted 
25? -teal (dote Sell or Exchange 
754— Real (stole Wonted 
2S6- Real (stole loans— Notes 
258— Real (state loons Wonted 

M O B ILE H O M E S a 

3o?— Mobile Homes lor Rent 

RENTALS 
V.. 

4o1 -*patlments furnished 
4o? -Housekeeping Apt futn 
4o4-Apartments, Unfurnished 
4o6— Houses, Duplexes 

—furnished 
4o8— Houses, Duplexes 
-Unfurnished 
41o-Houses. Rent or Sell 
41? -Rooms, furnished 
414— Rooms, Unfurnished 
414— Rooms with Bnnrd 

418— Want to Rent at lease 

SAN AN TO N IO 
REAL ESTATE SECTIONS 

 o 
N 
NORTHW EST 
H O M ES 

NORTHEAST 
H O M ES 

SOUTHW EST 

REAL ESTATE j 

H orn** 
N o r t h w e s t 
7 1 2 
\ 

 team 

H o r n e t s 

N o r t f i o a s t 

2 1 o 

 i i i 

COMMERCE ST. 

Y* 
“TI 

I i . 

H om es 
Southw est 
2 1 6 

H o m e s 
Southeast 

2 1 4 

2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

EXCLUSIVE mEITlBER 
Relocating? 

Call u s (or currenl listin g s of h om e s (or sale in Y O U R d e s­ tin a tio n city ! 
W h y w o n d e r w h a t's a v a ila b le there — we can have the tacts at your tingertips . . quickly. 
Call today! 

REALTORS 

3 4 9 - 1 4 3 8 

VA SAUS LISTINGS 
Equal H ou sing Opportunity 
Corrections from 4-29-77: 

7o152 
53o6 Prairie Flower 521,975 
A l 
R 85o 
3 -IV j-l 
367528 
58o3 lake foils 
SAO,975 
A l 
R 85o 
4 2-2 

Statements required, ownership and operability of refrigerator and range and oven unknown. Property has a 
12 ft. utility easement across the rear of lot 
2o9437 
- 
Add the following statement: 

Sewer service to this propelly is o private septic system, the adequacy and operability of the system is not known and VA makes no warran­ ties, exptessed or implied, regarding the system 
NEW BUSINESS 
21544 
821o Quiet Creek $17,975 
A l 
R-85o 
3 I ICP 

Statement required, ownership and operability of telrigeiotot unknown. 

Sublet to change in puce, pttor sole or withdrawal at any time without notice 
Otters to purchase will not be accepted wltete the broket has foiled lo submit to VA a signed copy of VA forms 26 8183 Joint HUD VA non-discrimination certification the best qualified offer will be accepted horn those received within 5 work days of the public appearance of the initial or revised listing. Sales commission on 5 % of soles, poyobie on 

 dosing. 

Off ERS RECEIVED 
21o737 Hooker 
3236o9 J &J R&E McVey 
3227o1 Moron 
21591/leal 
321155 Hodsdon 
32o777 Dior 
32o278 Reser 
319913 McVey 
188334 I8J Motte 
Correction from 4-22-77: 

32o278 Auimego 
OFFER ACCEPTED 
7o713 ludwig 
OFFERS REJECTED 
21469 j&J 
2868 Atciniego 
329174 InTeistote 

34777o McVey 
C O D E D K S B B U C K IU S O N I Y 

IY Ll 
YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o DAYS???, 
Let m e m a k e y o u o coxh o ffe r. T o p d o lla r p a id fo r y o u r h o m e o r e q u ity a n d I w ilt p a y att c lo y in g co lts. 
P ro m p t e n d e ffic ie n t s e r v ­ ice. T o u r M o n e y o n Title 
C h e ck! B r o k e r a n d a t t o r ­ n e y le a d s p a id ! 
- 
„ 
_ 
_ 349-6531 
5.A.K.E. 24 Hours 

2o2 -HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN J L j i S L M L 
HOOSES OPEN 2o2 • HOUSES OPEN 

OPEN 1o-TIL DARK 
MELTON GEORGE ENT OFFERS: 

P R E S T IG IO U S H O L L Y W O O D P A B K 

S p a c io u s 1 / 2 a e ro lots w ith n a tiv e o a k s - lo w , lo w t a x e s - su p e rio r q u a lity co n stru ctio n - b e a u tifu l fin ish in g w o rk . 

T O I S H A D Y T R A IL - 4 sp a c io u s b e d r o o m R a n ch h o u se . 2 baths, v e r y la rg e 
I liv in g a r e a w ith fire p la c e , u n iq u e b re a k fa s t a re a , w o o d roo f, sid e e n try g a r a g e o n q u ie t c u l-d e - sac. 

1 3 7 R ID G E T R A IL • e le g a n t 3 b e d ro o m T ra d itio n a l h o m e , all w a tk -in c lo se ts, liv in g ro o m a n d d in in g ro o m , ta rg e d e n w ith c o m e r fire p la c e , w o o d ro o f, sid e e n try g o r a g e . 
BLO SSO M HILLS EXECUTIVE AREA 

1 3 4 1 1 
C A S S IA 
W A Y 
- 
W O W I 
W h o ! a 
C o n t e m p o r o r y 
3 o * 1 5 d e n w ith c o rn e r fire p la c e , la rg e w e t b ar, c e ilin g oil 
C h a to n s, b r e a k f a s t a re a , d in in g ro o m a n d k itch e n ail h a v e o u ts id e e x p o s u r e , m a g n ific e n t tile ro o f, c o m p le te this e n ­ te rta in in g h o m e . P ick y o u r o w n co lo rs. 
HERITAGE PARK 
1 7 o 4 A U T U M N W O O D - 1 4 2 1 I S U Z Y C R E S T 

A ll the q u a lity y o u w o u ld e x p e c t to fin d in th e 7 o '* • 2 - 3 b e d ro o m h o m e s n o w r e a d y fo r o c cu p a n c y a n d p rice d in the 
4 o 's . C o m e se e h o w m u ch y o u r m o n e y con b u y . 

• e q u i t y W A N T E D : p a y S 2 ,sou 
CASH FO R E Q U IT Y IN O L D E R 
H O M E . N E E D IN G R E P A I R S . 
A SK FO R A D O L P H 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433 3295 or 828-4817 N IT E S . 
IM M E D IA T E C ASH 
For Your Home. We pay all clos­ ing costs! We also lake trudes 
Call 
494 5571 
635-8474 
532-3252 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can buy. Vets don * use their eligibility. 3-4 bedroom s, 2 j hath, som e with a ir and all a p ­ pliances. 
Paym ents less than rent. 
BO B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 

( ) 
REALTY w o r l d 

O P EN SATURDAY 
1:oo 'til 7:OO p.m . 
IN BEAUTIFUL CHURCHILL ESTATES 
148o3 GALLANT FOX 

 lo v e ly 2-story white brick hom e on w ooded corner lot. 4 bedroom s, 2 V i baths, study, playroom , clutter room and all the other features (fiat you w ould expect in a top quality hom e 
Built by Superb H om es (Jesse and Bruce 
Baker). Buy now and select som e of the colors and carpeting. A gracious hom e for $ 8 8 ,6 o o . 
Call 494-7651 ANYTIME iRosoarSckfihK. 
REALTORS — 5o YEARS O f TRUST 

O PEN 12:oo-6:oo 
TW O CHANCES LEFT... to b u y a N E W 3 b e d ro o m h o m e in M IS S I O N T R A C E fo r u n d e r 
$ 6 o , o o o . 
C lo se out price o n 
2 m o d e ls is 
5 5 3 . 7 5 o . each! 
In c lu d e s w a sh e r, d r y e r a n d re frig , o ra to r . . . N O c lo sin g costs! 
O ffe r g o o d until 
M a y 
15, 
1 9 7 7 . C o m e se e th e se b e a u ­ tiful h o m e s a n d c h o o s e . . . lf y o u cant 
C a ll 6 9 6 - 3 8 3 8 
G U Y C H IP M A N CO. 
R E A L T O R S 

CO M PA SS 
REALTY 

4 9 4 -3 o 1 2 
494-16o1 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• W HISPERING O A K S • COUNTRYSIDE 
^ • HUNTER S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 

• Railing hills and oak frees 

• In North lost or Northside School District 

• Recreation artery 

• Homes $5o,ooo to 517o,ooo 

Patio, Garden am! Estate Homes. Or 

 custom build, and choose decor. x 

P R O P E R T Y O W N E R S 
We only charge S3oo com m ission tor s e llin g h o ^ e s C H A R L E S 
W ATTS R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732 5355, 228-91o4 

A T T E N T IO N ! R E 
B r o k e r s , m gm t con sultant and b u sin e ss b ro k e r needs sp o n so rs h ip for 
R E sales license. Call to A s c u s * terms. E R B E N , 828-9314._______ ntion! Before you buy or sell 
Bell. We buy equities. Cash. 
.L R E A L T O R S 
222 9495 

S E L L IN G Y O U R OW N H O M E ? ? 
Need action now ? List it with 
Hart M cCorm ick Realtor 344-5564 
Wonted to buy 
Sm all equity in 
Northside home. Under 52,ooo. No agents please. 137-6613 
___ 

A V A IL A B L E $25o,ooo 
:k cash for houses or equities 
DOV closing toot Fast service! I area, condition or sue. Ask i adolph. 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
3/95 or 
828-4817 j 

W E B U Y H O M E S 
Fast Cash. No Closing Cost 
LaH om a Properties, inc. 
349-2679 

BEFORE YOU SEU 
Let us m ake a C A S H offer for your home or equity. Cull now! 
The 
Home 
M ort 
655-UP) 

BEFORE YOU SEU 
Let us m ake a C A S H offer tor your home or equity, Call now! 
The 
Home 
M art 
655-12o1 

WE’LL BUY YOUR HOME or lot for cosh. Fast service. Will traae. 
BOO D e P A O LO 
I 366-3o91 
R E A L T O R 
W HY P A Y R E N T ? Own your own 
I home, no down paym ent to a n ­ yone! Paym ents less than rent. j Lloyd M ontgom ery 
658-18o6) 
Will pay nigh dollor tor houses. i eve n if b u rn t out or n e e d in g 
I repairs. Any sue, any kind, any- 
! where. Pa-Co, 6459 Old Hw y 9o 
West, 673 2573 or 533-9o98. 

Looking for a new home? 

TODAY S YOU! L U C K Y D A Y . . . 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 
$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches of Judson 
M e adow W ood North 
494-6163 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones-Maitsbgr at Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northw est 
684-1 I 23 
$38,5o9 to $55,1oo 
FM 471 at Culebra 

• VA, 
PHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double 
Garages 

• North East or Northside Schools. 

Coates Development Co. 

C o u rte sy to Brokers 

I 

492-1o68 • 494-5249 • 492-2272 

QUALITY UNDER 
$5o,ooo 
R e a d y to o c cu p y w ith 
Att B u ltt-in s m a s o n r y fire p la c e s 
F e n ce d Y a r d s 
M U C H M O R I! 
‘ LARKSPUR SUBDIVISION'' 
Larkbrook Drive 
HOMES OF PRIDE 
654-1155 
Eves. 653-7974 < 

ENCHANTED 
VILLAGE 

2 bedroom 2 bath luxury amt 

Fireplace, tolly carpeted some 

 yord. $41,5oo 

3 bedroom, 7 both fully carpeted 

Excellent condition $39 SOO 

349-4276 
342-5o18 

JIM VIA, REALTOR 

21o HOUSES-liOfiTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NO.RTHEAST 

ALAMO HGTS BEAUTY 
Lu xu ry townhome with 3 level* of outstanding living The discrim in­ a tin g b u y e r w ill e n jo v the 3 sp a c io u s bed room s, 2 'i baths, fireplace, lovely carpeted atrium and m any balconied patio Area co n tro lle d a ir con d ition e d and other eiegont amenties pi e pluses in this home Nifes 653-4139 

 north loop inc. 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
828 5636 
B A C H E L O R S here’s a lovely way to beot the (nothing for som eth ing) rent syndrom e! This Condo h a s if all in c lu d in g yo u r ow n 
Jucizzi Pool, dble gorage has au ­ tomatic opener, complete kitchen, tennis courts 
RED CARPET 
34231)1 
R E A L T O R S 
341-4IQS 
3 B E D R O O M I bath, one-slory 
W alking distance to school. Only 
$24,ooo. 
349 4276 
494-233$ 
J IM VIA, R E A L T O R 
B y Owner 
Spacious I bedroom condom inium , beautifully la n d s­ caped, storage, brick patio, fine location 656-4178. 

I Tw o b ed room , f j borh. town- 
[home in beautiful Son Pedro Hills. 
C u sto m d ra p e d , e le c tric door 
(opener and much m ore 
Only 
($43,8oo. 
349 1436 Anytim e 

Luxury Townhouse in M arym ont. 
I By owner 2 Bedroom , 2’ /bath, 2 story, 1735 sa ft 
L iv in g room , dining room, large fam ily room, 
I fireplace, large patio, finished 2 ca r g a ra g e w ith op e n e r 
H ig h 
$5o’S. 
Shown bv appointment. 
656-41oo. 
___________ ____ 
O P E N H O U SE Sunday M a y I, 
1o-6 
7711 C A L L A G H A N R D NO 722 
Low assumption, low utility bills. 
V e ry bright and attractive 3 be­ droom, ? bath Condo with a large single living area, form al dining, fire p la c e . S e v e r a l b a lc o n ie s, country kitchen, upgraded oppls, w asher and drver included. Pool, club house, tennis courts, fishing cond all pluses. Close to U T SA , 
Met) Center______________________ 
O W N E R 'S G O N E 
$6oo equity. 
2-1-cp, in A m e rican o . $129 mo. 
M ove in now! 
J H J R E A L T Y 674 8883 Anytim e 
T E R R IL L H IL L S 
3 bedrooms, cathedral ceilings, on charm ing flowered molt. Oaks, pool. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
Townhome, Rolling Ridge Village. 
3-2, large living area, cathedra! ceilings, balcony, sundeck, fenced patio, pool, club house. Assum e low interest loan or ret. 684-3359 
T O W N H O U SE C O N D O M IN IU M 
B y owner, deluxe end unit. C a r­ peted 
2-2-2-Sfud y, fir e p la c e 
$4o,5oo. S Min. from Pf. Sam. 
822 31o1. 
W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E S 
In-town Loc. Super Am enities 
31o2 Eisenhouer_________ 826-63o1 

2o8 - APARTMENTS-DUPIiKES 

24-1oo UNITS 
INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 
HEY 
• V ariou s 
GROUP location s 
INC. 

I 
I 

Flexible 
Terms 

STERLING BURKE 

REALTORS 
824-6351 

77o1 Broadway 

A W ISE IN V E S T M E N T 
'A p a rtm e n t com plex totaling 24 u n its. In c lu d e s f u r n is h in g s , covered parking and sw im m ing pool. A d d itio n a l in c o m e fro m laundry facilities. N ear Ft. Sam. 
A real bargain. 653-6364 
RED CARPET 
H IG H IN C O M E -L O W P R IC E 
Duplex cottage on busline 
533 1oo9 Respondek Rlty 656-5667 
T E R R E L L H I L L S ...an eve n dozen units that b rin g on excel­ lent r e tu rn ! 
O n e b e d ro o m op ortm entsO O are furnished 
2 a re u n f u r n is h e d !) . B e a u tifu l location...great condition! A real find! Offered at $15o,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

9 4-U N IT S. 3 excep tional ap ort m ent c o m p le xe s n e a r W onder- 
] la n d M a il 
S w im m in g p o o ls, 
I covered parking, fully occupied with waiting list. Bv appt. only. 

Tower View Inc. 732-6157 

HOUSES NORTHEAST 

T422 A C T I O N L A N E ' 
Off Pecan Valley and IOO, 3 be- I droom , com pletely rem odeled, new carpel. No down paym ent to . 
Vet. O w n e r-B ro k e r. 341-8134, [ 
Eve s 494-3229 

Buy Real Estate cheap subscribe lo the 
Foreclosure 
Report, 
223-699o 
______________ 

CASH for H O M E S 
Buy H O M E S and E Q U IT IE S . nest, Efficient, ond Post Ser- e We pay all C losing Costs. ll Tony or Bernice, 341-6136. 
S P E C IA, R E A L T O R S ._____ 
$ C A SH FO R H O U S E S $ 
924-4288 Tom G arrison 696-36)5 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

A L L B R IC K J b e d ro o m I' ■> both 
H O M E B U IL T ON Y O U R LO T 
$16,95o IOU G ardm o off W Ave 
S P E C lA B U IL D E R S inc.349-1491 

8 CASHS 
F O R Y O U R H O M E OR E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C LO S IN G CO STS 
924-4331 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
Cash for your Northside equity 
Larry Bqrnebey34i-4435, 684-29o9 

E L D O R A D O 
O P E N 2 TO 5 
5219 C E R R O V IS T A 
Pool! S u rro u n d e d by beautiful land scap ing 4 2-2, finished g a r age, covered patio. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
___________R E A U T O P S ______________ 

Pl ACI YOUR WANT AD 
IN TNI I X PRI SS N IW S 
CAIL 22S-1666 

2-STORY STUCCO 
(N THE OLD O A K FOREST 
O aks Northwest Patio Home lo st in Acres of liv e O ak and Redbirds 

3 bedroom with lower master. C o z y fireplaced living, bright sunny kitchen, spacious den overlooks private patio protected by loom ing oak tree. 
O PEN S A T U R D A Y & S U N D A Y l l {y 6 
SANDISON REALTY 
699-92o1 

o ° £ N 1 2 : o o - 6 : o o 
8219, 8319, 8323 BRATON 
8 3 1 4 W A T C H T O W E R 
4 N E W H O M E S IN B R A U N S T A ­ 
T IO N 
EAST, 
L e o n 
V a lle y 
E le m e n ta ry , 
M a r s h a ll 
H ig h sch o o l a re a l C o m e b y a n d te e th e m alit 
O n e xtory h o m e * w ith 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m s, 2 lu x ­ u ry b a f h i a n d lo a d s o f liv in g a n d e n te rta in in g s p a t e . . . fire p la c e s a n d p a tio s 
. . . d o u b le g a r a g e s , la n d s -c a p irtg 
(u n u su a l in n e w h o m e s !) Chic. b u ilt-in k itc h e n s a n d s e p a ra te utility ro o m s . 
N O W 
IS 
THE 
T IM E TO B U Y A H O M E . T he se a re re a lly so m e th in g w o rth c o n sid e rin g . 
5 4 8 . 3 o o . to 
$ 5 8 9 o o . 
F LE X IB LE F IN A N C IN G 
6 8 1 - 2 9 o o 
G U Y C H IP M A N C O . 
R E A L T O R S 

OREN SU N I TO 5 

13514 COLERIDGE 
Beautiful courtyard, sundeck, lush garden and too mony extras, to mention. This 3-2-2, won I lost long for only $36,ooo!! 

824-2391, Anytime 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— I,.Ii 
Austin Hwy. Oft. 

O P E N S U N 2 TO 6 

11o3 BIO UNDA 
H E R IT A G E F A R M 
Unique plan, accented by mom- 
1 moth m aster and burler deterring features. $39,5oo. 
O P E N S A T -5 U N 3 TO 6 

331o COLONY j Walk to com m unity center, ond 
; elementry school. Just listed for 
I $37,9oo. 
699-1ooo Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Turtle Creek Ole 
P R IC E 
R E O U C E D -O W N E R 
A N X IO U S 
Open house Soturday and Sunday 
O N L Y . 3-2-2 contem porary. 8426 
Brixton 
(B roon 
Station 
684 6383 

$28,5oo 
Adorable contem porary starter hom e w ith 4 b e d ro o m s a n d 2 baths, in N E. School District. 

828-6391 Anytim e 
I 
Deanie Owens Co 
Reoltors-NE Loop ofc 
AH SC H O O LS Terrell Hills State- 
I iv 2-story b ric k, 4 3 p lu s q lrs, 
3-car gar., 9-hole putting green. 
J O N E S -K IN G 826-2439____________ 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
Walk to Cam bridge. 2 bedroom, I bath, den, garage, fenced yard, 
13oo sq.ft., carp e t, h a rd w o o d floors, la rg e m o d e rn kitchen. 
$37,5oo. 
826-3132 aft 
4pm weekdays. 
A L A M O 
H G TS 
P R IM E 
LO C A T IO N 
Enjoy this ch arm ing 3 bedroom hom e with i f s delightful e n te r­ taining and living areas. M id SO's. 
824 2486. 828-3925 
H A R D Y A CO R E A L T O R S 

ALAMO HOTS BE OO 
Lovely lot with convenient loca­ tion, Priced to sell. In the mid 2o’s. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
822-o126 
SU E W E E M S & ASSO C. 
KEY GROUP 

ALAMO HGTS 
See this delightful, older hom e with room for grow ing fam ily It has 5 large bedroom s, 4 baths, and quarters. Form al, llvinq and dining room, study ond a 3ox19 ti den. Overlooking a private patio under giant oaks. 
828-6191, 
East) 
826-2924 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 

SEE THESE 

AND OVER 

3oo OTHER 

PREOWNED 

NORTHEAST 

HOMES IN 
San Antonio s 

Fastest Growing 
Area 

S W IM M IN G PO O L 
Irqoy this lovely home with swimming pool, 3 7 ? carpet, with woter softener ond much mote Northeast schools and tm mediate occupancy Nites 826 
7668 
PREST IG E P IU S 
Pttvocy fenced 3-2 ? with fire ploce in beautiful, estabbshed neighborhood A + Rating so don t pass up! 536,6oo, Niles 
494 ?191 

BEAL C H A R M E R 

3-2-2, Volley forge home low equity, nice town, paneled garage, quick possession. Niles 
82? 9438 
LOVE IS HERE 
3-7 2 with fireplace 
. low equity ond move in now Close to elementary ond super clean. 
Niles 826 7668 

U N DER $ 3 o ,o o o 
3-2-2 has much TIC Walk to elementary. 
Quick occupancy 
Under $3o,ooo Niles 658 1428 
SA C R IFIC E 
Owned by Morton Southwest 
Realty, we will cut this price to the minimum to sell. Move in now. 3 2 2, with formol living ond dining rooms plus separate family room 
Privacy fenced yard. Nites 824 9818 
A P P LIA N C E S STAY 
With custom drapes in this 3 2 
2, super clean. Camelot ll homo. 
Under S4ooo equity moves you in. Huge master bedroom Cor nor lot Nites 658 1428 
PERFECT B E G IN N IN G 
Flesh 3 21 with fenced yard and owner odded extras Too numetous to mention! $27,2oo. 
Coll nites 494 2191 
EN G LISH STYLE 
Assume low equity on this extra 
(leon, 4-2-2 
Has everything. 
Must see now! Nites 494 2191 
D R A P E S STAY 
A cathedral beamed ceiling lends spaciousness to this lovely 
3 2 2 home, located on a quiet cul de sac 
Available in late 
June Nifes 656-4781 
1 o o % B R IC K fresh os spring 3 2 with finish­ ed gome room OPEN living con­ cept Master bedroom, 18x1o, dollhouse. Niles 658 1428 
FRESH PA IN T 
Iou ll find it hard to resist this 
Californian with custom drapes 
Freshly pointed inside and out. 
4-2-2, in excellent condition. 
Niles 658 1428 
5 TO VE-REFRIG . 
3-1 V>-1, nice trees, stove ond refrigerator remain, large pan try, priced to sell Nites 826 
7668. 
M A N Y EX T R A S 
This immaculate 
3-2 2 with many extras has been reduced ond is ready foe immediate or- cuponcy. Nice lawn, privacy (an­ ted ond oak trees Niles 656- 
8218. 
G A R O E N KITCHEN 
3 2 2, fully corpcfed, garden kitchen, coveted patio 5UNKFN conveisation oteo, fireplace, professionally landscaped. Im­ mediate occupancy 
Randolph area Nites 658-1428 
EN TER TA IN ER S 
DELIGHT 
Walk to elem school, ond pool from this super immaculate home 
KING sized master bedroom suite! Call to see this better than NFW DESIGN III home with ovei sized covered polio, intercom, lerrozo entry, ond FREE standing fireplace 
Niles 826 7668 or 658-1428 
TERRELL HILLS 
A sweeping circular drive, leads to this 4 bedroom, 3 bath home with 3 fireplaces Nestled among giant trees on over on ocre of land with room tor swimming pool ond tennis court. Elegant location lot the very discrimin­ ating. Niles 826-7668. 
IN D IV ID U A L IT Y 

Custom mode firescreen, redwood covered patio and bosketweove fence odd in dividuolity to this 3 2 2 an hseptically clean home 
Im­ mediate occupancy. Nites, 824 
9818 
H O N E Y M O O N E R S 
DELIGHT 
Picture perfect 3-1 VY-1, OPEN 
AREA concept with vaulted ceilings. Comer lot, spunkier system, superb landscaping, freshly pointed, open terms. 
S25.5oo. Niles 658 1428 
SLEEP IN P A R K 
3 2-2 in a park like yard, lotge enough for olympia size pool, vegetable garden, or flowers. 
Automatic garage door opener 
Sparkling clean ond neat! Niles 
824 9818 

DAY OR NITE 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

CLINT LEAKE 
KEY GROUP 

Open 2-6.5911 RIMKUS 
B y o w n e r, 
3-2-2. 
S E N E C A 
E S T A T E S , L E O N V A L L E Y . 195o sa ti., la rg e den, F P , se p a ra te living, dining, Bk nook, spacious m aster bed room with d re s sin g room , lots of b u ilt-in s, fenced yord, covered patio. $53,9oo. A s ­ sume or refinance conventional. 
No agents. 681-1877. 

---------------F L T ) It i? A T T O ------------------ 
O P E N 2 TO 5 
5219 C E R R O V IS T A 
Pool! Su rro u n d e d by beautiful landscaping. 4-2-2, finished g a r ­ age, covered patio. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

O P E N SA T & SU N I to 5 3o 
W IL SO N G A R D E N S 

2811 & 2815 COBK COVE 
I N .W 
C o m e r C a lla g h a n a n d 
Vance Jackson) 
2 e x e c u tiv e g a rd e n h o m e s in prestigious new exclusive area. 3 bed room , 2 bath, sin g le liv in g area with fireplace, wet bar, rear entrv garage and privacy fence, etc. Luxurious home in tow 9o’s. 
696 7585___________________________ 
O P E N SUN. 2 3o 5:3o 
4227 M O A N A 
Eisrn h au e r to M olokai to Moana. 
C harm ing 3-2, Texas-size fam ily room , new ca rp e tin g in liv in g room and hall. Large shaded lot. 
Put this on your ‘m ust see' list. 
Low 3o s. 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 6S3-oSSo 

O P E N H O U S E 1-4 
S A T U R D A Y , A P R IL 3o 
8514 G L E N B R E E Z E T H E G L E N 
Im m aculate 3 2-2, hat m any ex tros $28,9oo. 653-6364 
RED CARPET 

WOODED HOMESITE 
Alm ost 2 acres, fertile soil, large oaks, exclusive area near U T SA 
U SA A . W IN D W O O D E S T A T E S - h o m e s ite s a ls o a v a ila b le in 
T R A iL W O O D A N D F A IR O A K S 

KGN CO REAL ESTATE 

O P E N H O u V ^ L u x u r y 5 be droom on corner lot. Covered pa ho, siae-entry garage, large singe living area, p riv a c y fence. 3119 
C H IS H O L M T R A IL Behind The 
C ro ss ro a d s b uilding. P ric e d to abroad leaves this hom e vacant 

» » » ^ » » ¥ 
¥ 
¥ ¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ * 

* 
W INDSOR SQUARE ‘ 
J 

Make your* the lucky fami­ ly lo call this Hows* Home 3 bedrooms, 
2 decorator bath*, all appliance* remain, toke I *fiort hour ta 
*»e a lifetime of pleasant living 

"E l DORADO " 
A hawse who * gracious charm will strike a responsive .chord in home hungry hearts. 
3 bed­ rooms, 
2 baths, good assumption. 

Coll 822-33o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 
J it» ¥ 4 M M M F » ¥ » ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 

TRADE IN 

; our old house for a new all brick home. 

E A S Y T O D O : 

You pick one of our new hom es ond we toke your old house in trode 
N o bother, no double p a y ­ ments 

Call today on how to trode in your old house bn o new all brick home. 
659-o471 

OWNER ANXIOUS 

Quick possession on great family home. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 Bv mg oreas. fireplace. 
$41,ooo. 
Nites 655 2394 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 

341-9191 

B A R G A IN 4 L j I in i l l I S O , n e e d s p a in t but h a s low 
Ed payments. Only $35o closing, 
Gilbert. 822-58o8__________________ 
B E A U T I F U L 
3 
B E D R O O M 
Hom e. P a y m e n ts u n d e r SIAO. 
Owner anxious lo set). No down 
VA. Call now. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o69* 

3 Bedroom! t bath, double closed in garage , b eautiful y a rd with trees. 23o# Edison House shown bv appt. only. $21,5oo. 532-3396 or 
533-1o67 

BELMEAOE 
Ilf’s prob ab ly gone, but call an jyway! Vi block to city bus. Larq c 
.♦reed corner lot with 3 bedroom s, j? bath home. Central heat, living room with nice fireplace and din ting room. Eniov the seclusion of 
(the huge shoded potio with brick ibar-be-cue. 
In o nice 
[neighborhood. 
Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E 
^Best looking house on B a rrin g 
(ton! 3-2-2, with covered patio and 
Uarqe lot with garden spot. Open house oil weekend 4146 B arrin g 
‘ton, Village North, off Perrin Bet 
•tel. 653-343! 
B IG M A C .... 
Big rooms, M a cA rth u r Terrace, slightly Colonia! beauty Ready for quick o cc u p a n c y . 
$54,5oo. 
344-8348 
G race Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M I S 
B IG R E D U C T IO N on this lovely an d untaue 4 b e d ro o m hom e. 
. E v e r y ro o m is s p a c io u s and 
[beautifully designed . C om plete kitchen ‘in the ro u n d ' includ es b ra sh com pactor. A bundant clo sets and m any builf-ins. Special 
(w o rk sh o p fo r the m a n 
O n ly 
(557,9oo. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs Of T R U ST 
I 
15215 B R A N D IN G IR O N 
(Put your m ark on sophisticated icountry living, relax bv the fire beneath a vaulted ceiling, 3 be­ droom. 2 bath ond a lot of enlov. 
(A ssu m e $41,5oo. C a ll So n y a of 
( H O M E O W N E R M A R K E T I N G 
SVC. 349-4373. 

1ooS BRICK 
Lovely 3 bedroom home on beau­ tiful lot, m any trees. tooc<,cleon • 
{move right in - fresh paint in and out Priced right for quick sole. 
M id 2o s. 
653-435o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S W olzem Oft 
B U Y E R S G A IN P r u e induced 
3-2-2, forge den, corpef, built-ins, patio. $29,ooo. Call today 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
Buy NOW 
Before the prices start going up 
This J BR, 2 bath is a great buy 
Convenient to shopping centers. 
Large paneled fom ilv room and th e re s m ore . C a ll u s now . 
653-6364 Anytim e 
RED CARPET 

B Y O W N E R . 3 I 2, Assum e r 
” 
Conv, low equity, large corner lot, p riv a c y fence, fo rg e den with fireplace All oppls. 656-3258 
B Y O W N E R 3 bedroom , 2 bath, double garage, fireplace, corner lot. N E ISO 4351 Baylis*. 455 7939 
B Y O W N E R 
B R O O K W O O D - 
W indsor Park Mall, 3-2-2 plus sif­ ting area 2ooo salt. I yr old. $9ooo and assai paym ents of 
$378, 
655-6497 
, 
BY O W N E R C A M E L O T ll 
IM M A C U L A T E 4 2 1. ca rp e t*, built-ins, beautiful fenced yard. 
$27,5oo $2ooo down, p a ym e n ts 
$2*o mo. Boerne Tx 334-2442.___ 

A N X IO U S O W N E R 
13-2-1, c a rp e tin g th ru ou t, n ice large tot, storage shed. Priced at only $29,ooo 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_________r e a l t o r s ___________ 
A R E A L V A L U E H O M E w orth your inspection, b ric k, 3 2-2, 2 liv in g are as, firep lace, d in in g room, m any extras— Assum e 7 S 
VA or refinance. 
824-2385 
Ruth Stacey 
653-4414 

Seitz & Assoc, Realtors 
B A R G A IN H U N T IN G ’ I S R is OM it takes to gel into this 3 bedroom hom e with air. a p o iia n ce s and carpet. Don't pass it up! *96-o974 
Fortuna Associates. 696-1412 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, som e with air and appliances. P a y m e n ts less than rent! 
BO B D e P A O LO 
344 1o91________________R E A L T O R 

BEAUTIFUL HOME 
3-2-2 on co rn e r lot. T h is lovely home has large living room and termly room with split bedroom arrangem ent. $36,1oo. 656-3441, nites 456-8178. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

•BY OWNER* 
D R E A M L A N D O A K S 
3 Bedroom. 4 bath Saltillo tile and corbet H uge m a ste r b e d room and both. Large gam e room, wet bar. Attached utility bldg., large yard, patio, m o n y trees. V e ry private. 28oo Sa F L, N E ISO Bv appl, only, 349-2oo7, otter 4 and wknds Asking $77,ooo. 

BY OWNER 
E L O O R A D O - 3-2-2, corner tot. 3 vrs. old. F re sh lv pointed, large fam ily room ,fireplace, sp aciou s m oster bedroom , utility room , covered ootio, brick BSQ , water softener. M a n y ad d e d e x tra s! 
$45,9oo 656 1336 
____________ 

A L A M O HOTS. SC H O O L S 
In Terrell Hgts., on corner lot, 2 
B e d ro o m s p lu s b o n u s ro o m . 
Vacant. O w ner gone ond v e ry anxious. Moke ofter today. 
RO U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
654-7131 

A L L A B O A R O o w n e r g o in g 

Camelot I, i bedroom, 2 both, over 
155o sa.ti den 14x26 , carpet, air, dishwasher, $37.5oo. 655-3948. 

By Owner El Dorado 
3-2-2 lovely 17oo sa ft. brick home with spacious formly room, large 
I living room and m aster bedroom. 
Wall to wall carpeting, custom 
I drapes, covered patio fireplace. 
Well kept fenced yard 7’» loan, 
1 m ake this hom e w orth seeing. 
I $45,9oo 655 1853 
______________ 
Bv owner, El Dorado. 4-2-2, tor” 
(m oi living ond dining, den with 
I fireplace, approx 2ooo sa ti. 7*#% 
VA 656-6833__________________ 
! Bv owner 3 2-2. Fiberglass swim 
[m ing oooi 1ox3o covered patio. 
Delightful view W alking dislonce. 
R e g io n a l P o st O ffice F a c ilit y 
54o,5oo. 655-o744 
___________ 
By Owner, £ox rtun. 4-2-2, J,MA 
I sa ft, H A cre Beautiful hom e, a ssu m e $13,ooo equity. $38,4oo 
Balance. 656-4o43 
B Y O W N E R immaculate J bedroom, I both oil brick Central oir-heot On w ood­ ed lot. D e s ir a b le a re a n e a r 
Broadway N a tl 
Bank, 
$36,5oo. 
. 826-2224 
________________ 
B v O w ner, 4 2 2, in L a r k s p u r . 
Nice landscape, co ve re d patio, fireplace. $4o,8oo. Call 653-9432 

 sell Of $64,5oo. 653-7974. 

2o4 PROPERTY OUT OF TOWN 
4 AC R E 5-N O DO W N , 531 VV mo 
Lake LBJ, call 341 2oo3.__________ 
3 Bedroom s, 2 baths, IO acres. outbuildings. I 742 8oo2___________ 
B Y O W N E R , 5 yr. old all brick home, 3 bedroom. 2 bath, central heat-air on 4 acres with lots of trees. I mi. N W of F re d e r ic k s ­ burg $65,ooo. 333-3764____________ 
Energy saving home in N B Solar hot water, elite neighborhood. All extras, low utilities. $52,9oo By builder. I 625 o5o2________________ 
(?) T E X A S V E T S would like lo purchase acreage at $3oo. to 54oo. per ocre, P re fe r deer country 
Can 923-o924________________ 

We’ll Pay Closing Cost 
3-2-2, larqe corner lot and patio. 
At 254 Sollock in Oevme, 
Tx. 
I 663-5787 

 but not empty, 4 J ? on corner in 
Live Oak E x tra * include double fireplace ond large covered patio 
541,5oo on open te rm s. C a ll 
828-8195 for other exciting details. 
R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

A L L B R IC K 3-2-2, living + dining, den, ro c k fire p la c e 
E x t r a s 
$49,9oo. Call to see. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o7$$ fit 8 pm 
A LOT F O R A L IT T L E 
$175o down will buy this 3-2-2 with oil appliances and drapes. All this plus best schools and established neighborhood 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

A L O V E L Y 4 2 1 awaits you in the 
N E 
School District. O m y $325 toto! m ove in. N o C r e d it ? No 
P ro b le m ! 
H u r r y ! 
922-21 73, 
*75 9294, 673-4714 
X_ P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

'Sin9 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
Monday thru Thursday 
5:oo P.M. for Following Day 
Friday 1:3Q for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
Friday 5-3o P M. For M onday 
CLOSED SATURDAY A N D SU N D A Y 

Cancellations and Corrections can be made 
M onday thru Friday 8 A M . 'til 5:3o P M. 

(p r e s s N e w s C o r p a cce p ts re sp o n s ib ility 

 rro rs the first day o f publication only 

Page 
I 2-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday AprTl 3o 1977 

WINDCREST 
Immaculate 4V? year old 3-7-2 with office 
SeautifuHy landscaped, garden entry with gas light 
Built-ins, extras. 
>72,5oo. Mites 655-2394 
GREENIDGE NORTH 
Just listed. 3 bedroom, like new 
Good flootplan 
Wall to wall carpet in most rooms. Could assume 8% VA. Mites 656-758o. 
WINDSOR SQUARE lovely 3 bedroom, 1V5 bath home just perfect for a yourn family Patio ond privacy fencer yard. Only 523,8oo. Mites 656 
6332. 
ALMOST I ACRE 
Spacious ranch-style home Over 
34oo sg. ft. Two living areas, many, many built-ins. Call for details. Niles 656-758o. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 

GARDEN RIDGE 

REDUCED 51o,ooo FOR IMMEDIATE 
SALE! Over 39oo sg ft. on large tree covered lot. 
5 large bedrooms, plus 
31x19.5 gomeroom and sewing room. 
Format living-dining plus fireplac- ed fomily room. Now 589,5oo. 
REACTORS 
691-13oo 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

ELAINE LUDWIG A A5SOC. 

L __________________ _ .. 
Bv O w ner in M a rv M ont, excep­ tional Q uality, good shade trees, m a n y s p e c ia l fe a tu r e s . 3 b e ­ d r o o m , 3 b a th . $ 1 o o ,o o o . C a ll 
*5 6 -4 9 7 8 fo r a p p t, lo see th is beautiful ho m e 
_ 

B v O w n e r , C iv e O ak'. P r ic e reduced. 3-2-2, fire p la c e, assum e 
5321.5o P aym ents, 656-671o. 
B v O w n e r, L o v e ly G o lf C ourse hom e at N o rth ern hills, $69,5oo, 
656-5o7o for appt 
No 
Agents 
Pl eg se___________________ 
B Y O W N E R , M odern 3 bedroom 
Tow nhouse, o il e le c tric kitchen, c a rp e ts , c a th e d ra l ceiling in liv ­ ing-dining a re a . Located in The 
G len oft W alzem Rd. Buy sm all e a u itv , assu m e p a y m e n ts , $185 mo. 732-34o2. M r. M ille r. 735-3524 

BY O W N E R : M ust sell (or re n t)! 
3-2-2, b ric k , la rg e liv in g room • d in in g a re a , c a rp e te d . A ll con­ veniences, p riva c y fence, corner lot. Convenient to F o rt Sam , R a n ­ dolph, M alls. N ice neighborhood in W in d s o r S a u a re . E x c e lle n t schools. Im m e d ia te oc cu p a n c y. 
Assum e 7*4 VA loan 
P aym en ts 
$279 per m o. 
E auitv 
$4ooo. 
655-6152 
____ 
By O w n er 4-2-2 near R andolph. 
$4o,75o or $8ooo assum ption. W ill carry 2nd. oS9-ll3S 
__ 
B Y O W N E R 
N e a r N o rth S ta r 
M a ll. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, central a ir . See this o n e ! L o v e ly , one ow ner. 826-4447 a fte r SPM 

BY OWNER 
N ew listing, spacious 3-2-2, rock hom e. S eparate living and dining room s, den w ith fireplace, big eat in kitchen, u tility room , covered o a tio , fe n c e d y a r d . C a r p e t , d ra p e s , s e c u rity b a rs , p a n ele d double g arag e, central heat- a ir. 
7% F H A loan , assu m e or r e fin ­ ance. Call 655-795o. 
BY O W N E R : 3-2-2, new ly painted, 
N E schools, $33,ooo, 7% , $234 mo. 
656-3382 a fte r 5, a n y tim e w e e - kends. No agents. 
__ 
B Y 
O W N E R , 
N O R T H E R N 
H IL L S . 3-2-2, F ire p la c e , Assum e 
7% or 
Refinance 
Conv. 
Call 
656-o175. 
B Y O W N E R -N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
3-2-2, 1oo% B ric k, ced ar stat patio c o ver, land scaped y ard , p riv a c y fe n c e, 2 liv in g a re a s , fire p la c e , u tility room . A qu a lity hem e in the low 4o'S. 656-2352 

BY OWNER 
N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
23oo sa ft. 2 story custom home. 4 la rg e bedroom s, a ll w ith lighted w a lk -in closets. A D T fire a la rm system , custom drapes, gas SBO , w a te r softe n e r. M u ch m o re ! As­ sum e o r refinance. 
Low 
6o s. 
655-o593 
B Y O W N E R - N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
3-2-2, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g , c a rp e t, p riv fence, m ust sell. 
$33,5oo. 
655-8111 

By Owner, Northwood 
Bv appointm ent only, 3 bedroom . 
2 bath, 2 c a r g a rag e , c o rn er lot, 
$3o,ooo F irm 826-7495 

BY OWNER 
S a n P e d r o H ills , 22oo Sq. ft . 
2-story pow er s a v e r hom e. I Y r old. 4 larg e bedroom s, 2' j baths, 2 c a r g a ra g e , fire p la c e in paneled fa m ily ro o m , cooks d re a m k it ­ chen. p riva c y fence, larg e shade trees. M id $6o,’S. Coll 494-1158 for appointm ent.____________________ 
By O w ner - Schertz. 3-2-den. C a r­ p e t d r a p e s 
C e n t. A H , p r iv - fenced. $26,ooo $161 mo 658-5o65 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rra ls to o ther hom es 
•‘F o r Sole Bv O w n e r" 342-9393. 
San Antonio Hom eow ners B ro k er 
B Y O W N E R 4-2-2, 2ooo sqtt C edar p a tio . C o n v e n ie n t to M i l i t a r y 
Bases. $52,5oo. 656-9o64___________ 
Bv O w ner. Thousand O aks. 3-2-2, living, dining, den, to, full carpet, c ath , c eiling, cent a ir-h e a t, cust d ra p e s , bk a re a , in te rc o m , coy patio, p riv fence, I y r old. Assum e equity. 494-5145___________________ 
By o w n e r, U n iv e rs a l C ity, 4-2-2, 
22oo sq.ft. 2 story, fire p la c e, eat in kitchen, m any extro s. 
$54,9oo. 
658-6454. 
______________ 
B Y O W N E R , V a lle y Forge, 3-2-2, c o ve red p atio , fu lly land scaped, fin is h e d g a ra g e , p riv a c y fe n c e and m uch m ore. 
M id 
$3o's. 
656-284o. 
______________ __ 

HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

• FIRST OFFERING** 
“TMI’’ 

Charming 2 story, walk to Alamo 
Hgts Schools, (all For details. 

"TERREII HILLS * 

 large family home consisting of 4 atae family I bedrooms, 3 baths, newly pointed inside and out. Priced reduced. 

"ALAMO HGTS.” 

 lf you re interested in a redo ' call us about this home near 
Cambridge School Priced in the 
1o s 
Office 822-33o1 

HARTMAN REALTORS ha 

LOW EQUITY let us show you this attractive 2 bedroom, 2 bath townhome with completely equipped kitchen. 
Convenient to Randolph, Ft. Sam and Windsor Park 
Moll 
Im­ mediate occupancy. 
KIRBY 
The price on this attractive 3 bedroom, I VS bath home bos just been reduced $2,ooo It can be financed on a VA, FHA, or Con­ ventional loan. Central air-heat, completely equipped kitchen and fenced yard with trees. 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CALL 653-o57o ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

ITT. 

Coronado V iltage-B y ow ner. 5-3-2, over 23oo sq.ft. 2 Story. 
Pool. 
658-6o29 
______________________ 

COUNTRY LIVING 

IN THE CITY 
JU S T L IS T E D 
R ight off San P e ­ dro. near 16o4. Large custom built hom e w ith o v e r 19oo sa. It. on larg e lot w ith m any trees. Low 
SOS. 
656-3ooo A nytim e 

R E A L T O R S -P erriri Belle! Ole 
D E L IG H T F U L 
3 b ed ro o m , 2 bath, c e n tra l a ir - h e at, c a rp e t 
B a c k y a rd g a rd e n paradise. $29,9oo. Nites 653-7487. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
H A P R E S E R 653-6182 A nytim e 

RICH MAN S VIEW... 
... at o moderote price. Brand new 4-2-2, located at 
"TOP-OF-THE-HILl” 
Big, big rear yard. Big double goroge. Hill Country rock retainer wall, lots of doss ond living at 
S36.ooo. SIOO Move in VA. First payment July 1st. 
828-6343, Eves. 653-3675 
D 

C O R N E L IU S / 

4 ASSOCIATES J 
Im* 
, j 

D o c to r 's H o u s e . T r e e s ! 3 b e ­ d r o o m , 2 b a th , s tu d y . A ll a p ­ pliances built-in. $39,5oo. 656-o522. 
$5oo down, Assume $175 m o. 3-2-1, 
D rive By 9811 Evening W ay. Coll 
FIO 214-278-3186 collect, 

D R A M A T I C fro m i f s g ra c io u s e n tr y to its beautiful oak trees. T ra d itio n al or 
C o n te m p o ra ry d e co r. F a b u lo u s kitchen. Flexible floorplan. Alam o 
Hgts Schools- St M a rys H all 

ERANCES LEVENSON 
225-2398 
A N Y T IM E 
732-4951 

E L D O R A D O - BY O W N E R 
3-2-2, spacious m aster bedroom , sunken living room w ith fireplace. 
Fam ily room . Full carpet, fenced. 
No agents 653-5874, 656-3424 

 r MOVE IN-NOTHING DOWN t 

Several northeast homes ond „ townhouses. 3 bedroom, I Vt boths, combination living-dining rooms, some with family rooms and fire­ places. Garage, fenced, patios, trees. 
Low 2o s. Easy terms. Just a PHONE 
CALL away! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349 -6 2 1 1 

E L D O R A D O LOW E Q U IT Y 
3-2-2, la n d s c a p e d to p e rfe c tio n and com olete with a hobby lobby, self-cleaning oven, w ater softener and re frig too. Call 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

S11.ooo EQUITY! 
IN W IN D C R E S T ? 
Y o u b e t ! ! N e a r n e w g a r d e n h o m e . C o m p le te w ith G A R Y 
P O O L ! Im m a c u la te , c u to m ize d property. SEE T O D A Y ! 828-6343, eves 735-6714 

Cornelius & Associates 

S76oo EQUITY! 
Id 4-2' j-2. N e ar Wu 
I yr. old 
L a rg e 2-storv hom e. 
M int condition. Call 
C U N H A R E A L T Y 

W indcrest. 
A ll a re a s . 

653-4111 

$ 3,o oo 
E q u ity , 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts of $127. M o . 3 B e ­ droom s, l - l ' jbaths, other extros, 
656 1466 after 6 PM . 

ESPECIALLY NICE 
E l Dorado, 3 yr. 4-2-2, Call a fte r 
3PM , w eekdays, 
655-1o28. 
(in 
$5o,'s) 

E. TERRILL HILLS HGTS 
4 bedroom s, double g a ra g e , a ll j b r ic k b e a u t y . M a n y e x t r a s ! 
$35,5oo. assum e or refinance. 

BUDGY UECKER 824-7361 

HAVE BARGAINERS? 
This is just the re m e d y and the ow ner is re ad y to m ove. N ice 3 bedroom , I b ath, t c a r g a ra g e , cen tral a ir and heot, stove and r e f r ig e r a t o r . 
C o n v e n ie n t to 
W indsor P o rk M a ll. P a y m e n ts only $14o. 
658-3535 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S -R ondolph Ole 

H E R E 'S T H E LOW D O W N ! 
Why rent w hen you can assum e oavm ts under $2oo on this 3 b e ­ droom home? 
Low eauitv. 
656 1234 
RED CARPET 

H IG H C O U N T R Y ...4 B edroom , 2 b a th h o m e is s h a g c a r p e te d thruout! S ep a ra te livin g , dining rooms plus fa m ily room w ith fire ­ place, beam ed, vaulted ceiling. 
E X TR A S ! 
$47,75o. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 
Guy Chipman Co 

IMMACULATE 
ALL BRICK 
3 bedroom home, re ally large liv ­ ing room , and s e p a ra te fa m ily room, great neighborhood, low 
3o s. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S -N . C entral Ole 

MODEL HOMES 
FOR SALE 
CONVENTIONAL 5% DOWN 
We have several 3 bedroom plans. 
All MODEL HOMES will be sold with drapes, fully landscape front ond backyards. Driveways will be poured 

AU HOMES FEATURE: i/" 1oo% Brick Construction i/'' 
Handcrafted 
Woodburning 
Fireplace 
Energy \S Saving 
Package i/" Carpet a*’ Central heat air \S Deluxe Magic Chef al) 
Electric Kitchen ✓ 2 Cor Garage 
OPEN 9 -9 
WOODSTONE 
CALL 
JOHN GILLIAM 
6 5 6 -5 4 7 4 

 u s 
- H o m e l 

Til- rousts nfflnesT 

^ mmqmv*** ww* »*"«»’■ ■ *»— " ■ ^ 

4LILY OE THE VAHEY 

Secluded neighborhood, full of beautiful shade trees; 3 comfortable bedrooms, 2 full baths, separate hy­ ing and fomily areas, breakfast area in modern kitchen Central heot-oif, covered patio, fenced, low 3o's. VA­ 
CHA, of eosy, eosy terms 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 3 49-621 I 
't u t nil—ii mi'll Tummi 

71o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
?1o HOUSESNoRTHEAS1 

WINDCREST 
BY OWNER-AGENT 
3 bedrooms, formal living room, separate dining room, large kit­ chen and breakfast area, fomily room with fireplace opening onto liveable covered patio with southern exposure and spacious fenced yard with land space for o pool. Large master bedroom suite and private guest suite. 655 9o64 
$ 6 9 , 5 o o 

WANT A DANDY? 
Y o u 'll love this e x tra nice 3 be droom , 2 bath w ith a built in patio j 

212 HUMES NBItTHWEST 
ROC 

 k itch e n 
One la rg e liv in g a re n , | and a p riva c y fenced yard, V e ry convenient to shopping. $32,5oo 
I 342-4177, nites 822-3917. 
REALTY WORLD 
B IL L S O U T H E R N 

' hr 

W ant a g reat 3-2-2 in El Dorado? 
L a rg e room s! Big y ard ? S uper location? Then call 656-5o11 

OAK H O LLO W 
Please your wife. 3-2-2, g ian t be­ droom suite, e x tra la rg e fa m ily a rea with fireplace, gorgeous k it­ chen, b u ilt ins, tre e -c o v e re d lot and much m ore. 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

SPECIAL POR T H E W E E K 
N E Schools, 3-2-2, on q u ie t cul- d e -s a c . o il k itc h e n a p p lia n c e s rem ain. C arpets, and drapes can be bought your w ay now! 
654-7131. 
R O U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 

O F F M O N T G O M E R Y DR 
L o v e ly 3-2-2 w ith e x tra s , $3oo closing, paym ents $275. Nothing 
Down. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
675-1691 
623-572o 

OLMOS PARK 

SPECIAL OF THE WEEK 
D o n ’t m iss th is one. E q u ity of 
$3,7oo and paym ents of $145 at 7% m akes this $2o,5oo hom e a special of th e w e e k . T h is 3 b e d ro o m townhouse on a corner lot is really a beautiful. Call us at 828-57o4 for m ore details. 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

MAHY MONT 

A la m o 
H g ts . 
S c h o o l 
D is !. 
4-B edroom , 3-bath, den, d ining, living room with fireplace, centro! a ir-h e a t, patio, screen ed p o rch , large store room , 
828-1o21, 
824-85o6. 

One of M a ry Monts most spacious and elegant homes. Bv appt. only. 
$2oo,ooo4- 828-6361_________________ 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Vaconf - 4 bedroom -1 living a re a 
- fireplace - alm ost new - corner lot - fenced 
N O R T H E A S T SCHOOLS 
Easy assum ption - low eauitv - 8% loan 
69o-936o 
342-4286 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

O L M O S P A R K - E le g a n t 3 b e ­ droom , 3'/j both residence, m any finer features like electronic pol­ len filters, baske! w eave c irc u la r oatio, m iniatu re greenhouse. Fo r confidential discussion, call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
O PE N HO USE S U N D A Y 1-6 

C e n t u r y 21 
828-57o4 
R E A L T O R * 
653-42 

W A TC H FOR D E E R 
3-2-2 den. M in t c o ndition. P ee k - th ru s h u tte re d w in d o w s, to a d ­ joining p a rk, deer. Assume low note. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

Windcrest 
4 bedroom , 2 d eco rato r baths, 2 c a r g a rag e , s ep a rate liv in g and dining room s, larg e fa m ily ro o m . 
Q u a lity th ru -o u t L o v e ly la n d s ­ caped y ard , exceptional value. 
$66,ooo 
Reese Henry 

655-3584 
R e a lto r 
Niles 
655-2754 

BOB RODGERS 

WINDCREST 
I t ’s a d a z z le r ! P ro f d e c o ra te d 
-424o | 3-2-2 w ith kidney shaped pool. 

 u s 
- H o m e l 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

WE CAN NOW TAKE 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
$1 MOVE IN VA 

5% DOWN CONVENTIONAL 
NO PAYMENT TIU JUNE 77 

3 and 4 bedraom plans' 
3 7,5 OO to 
$ 4 4 ,9 5 o 
All biomes feature energy saving package, central heat-air, carpet arid handcrafted woodburning fireplaces, deluxe Magic 
’Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 car garage. 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 

T W I N C & E E J C 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

 t a 
* 
* ilia nur 
TITLE 

For Fast A ccu rate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient Locations 

• i n t l . T K N U S • 2f.n l. I I I A M M O N K I L 

• IO O ! N L l f lf JI* I IO • T-’ nt. K l. W F f > K <f \ l ) 

• 1 7 i n F R E D E R I C : K > K I K L K O M ) 

S e rv in g Suit A n to n io Since l (J 2 2 

SPIC N’ SPAN 
J u s t d e c o ra te d a nd re a d y fo r y o u r in s p e c tio n . S p a c io u s 3 bed ro o m , 2 b a th , p a rlo r off en ­ tra n c e w a y , v a u lte d c e ilin g s , la u n d ry ro o m a n d d o u b le c a r g a rag e . Low equity of $5,2oo on 
7% % VA loan. 
658-3535 Anytim e 

,25! pJ E o VISTA 
Beanie Owens Co 

NIBLOCK REALTY 653-1873 

WOODLAKE 
By o w n e r, 3-2-2. fu lly c a rp e te d , central A-H. Low equity, aft. 6pm 
661-4859 M a k e an otter 
W oodlake, bv ow ner, 3-2-2, living, d ining a nd fa m ily room s, p a tio kitchen, $294 Mo. 661-6o75._______ 

MODEL HOME 
Now "for sale" I block off N E . 
Loop 41o. One big living a rea with fire p la c e . 3 bed ro o m s, 2 b ath s, professionally converted double g a r a g e . W a lk to e le m e n ta r y schools. Super deal at $39,5oo. 
656-3ooo Anytime 
Beanie Dwens Co 
R E A L T O R S -P e rrin Beitel Ole 

E L DO RAD O 
By O w ner- 3-2-2, plus room to r your R -V 's, too m ony e x tra s to list. $47,5oo. 653-o879 or 656 1441 

O R IG IN A L O W N E R S T R A N S 
F E R R E D . Leaving im m acu late 3 bedroom s, 2 bath hom e, com ple­ te ly c a rp e te d , b u ilt-in k itc h e n . 
R e f r ig e r a t o r . 
L o v e ly p a tio , fenced y a rd . O pen te rm s . O nly 
$28,ooo. 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW A KLINE 
REALTO RS-5o Y ears of T R U S T 

RE A LTO RS-Randolph Ofc 

SWEET HOME! 
Convenient N .E . location, this 3 bedroom , 2 ba th hom e w ill c ap ­ ture your fancy. Nice floor plan. 
Large y ard tor the children ond only $29,5oo. Nites, 494-1832 
349-4343 o r 349-3535 A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A LTO R S -B lanco Rd. Ofc 

MONTE VISTA 
H IS T O R IC A L ZO NE 
G racious 2 story hom e, ap p ro x 
32oo sq ft, 4 firep laces, beam ed ceiling, central air-heot, oak Hor­ rors, e le c tric kitchen, sunroom , sprinkler system and 2 story c a r­ riage house. Fo r com plete detail call 
V IR G N IA 
S M IT H 736-3694, 
344-2341 
BOB JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

M O N TE V IS T A ! O w ner m oving to 
Florida! Charm ing 3 bedroom , 2 bath home with all the nice trim ­ mings. In addition, unique studio a p a rtm e n t c o m p le te w ith I b e ­ d room ,b ath, kitchen and liv in g , dining a rea . V ery unusual. A w el­ come change. 494-765! A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 

O W N ER D E S P A R A T E 
Im m ocuolte and vacan t 3-2-2, in 
C a m e lo t l l . P R IC E D B E L O W 
R E P L A C E M E N T COST! 2 living areas, Form al dining, built-in k it­ c h e n , p a tio . 
O W N E R 
W IL L 
CA R R Y LA R G E L IE N . $34,5oo 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

T E R R E L L H IL L S , beautifully de­ signed, custom built 3 bedroom , 
2' 2 boths w ith den ond m usic sit­ ting on a be au tifu lly landscaped corner lot 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-®358 

WORDS COULDN’T possibly describe how g re a t this 3 b e d ro o m h o m e on % a c r e lo t really is. Huge 2ox2o fa m ily room with fireplace, all brick, covered with oaks. Low 5o’s. 
349-3535 or 349-5111, an ytim e 
Beanie Dwens Co 
R E A LTO R S -LockhiU -S elm o Ofc 

 r JUST LISTED-OAK 
’ 
HILLS 
Jogging distance to Ook Hills 
Club or South Texas Medical 
Center. 
Rolling hills, shade trees surround this exclusive 3 bedroom, 2 both home, 2 com­ plete ond separate living areas. 
WON T LAST LONG 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 3 4 9-6 21 I 

C A S TLE H IL L S ...2 story brck 'n cedar hom e has a living room 32' lo n g ...a fire p la c e in the fa m ily room and a sunny patioroom ! 5 b e d ro o m s , 3 b a th s . S pace and p riv a c y g a lo re ! Close to N o rth ­ east Schools and shopping M alls! 
$86,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

12x3o F A M IL Y RO O M 
B e a u tifu lly m a in t a in e d 3 b e ­ d ro o m , 2 b a th ho m e w ith 14oo sq.ft. living a rea . E xcellent E ast 
T e r r e ll H ills lo c a tio n . $31,5oo. 
M arg e 653-315o. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
H P I A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 

O W NER SAYS! M ake ofter I can ’t refuse and assum e $175 m onthly. 
3-2 with large den. Fully carpeted. 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-399o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 

3-1-1, E xc e lle n t condition, a ll a p ­ pliances plus w osh er-dryer. Cent. 
A ir-H e c t, Assum e $176 p e r mo. 
P lu s low e q u ity o r r e fin a n c e . 
$2o,9oo. 656-1395. 
E X C E P T and be delighted by the decore and location of this ideal fom ily home. 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, fo rm a l livin g , dining, fire p la c e d den, view the lake from your k it­ chen w indow , convenient to R a n ­ dolph and F t Sam . 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 R E A LTO R S 684-o663 

EXECUTIVE TOWNHOUSE 
3 large bedroom s, fully carpeted, fo m ily room w ith fire p la c e , 2 'z bath, double garage. Assum e low equity at $288 mo. 
653-435o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -W alze m O fc 
F IR E Y O U L A N D L O R D a n d m ove into this 3 bedroom , I bath in E ast V illage. P aym en ts low er than rent. All appliances except d ry e r. Assum e VA loan and m ove in rig h t a w a y . Call 828-8195 and ask for Roy R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Deligh tfully decorated 3 bedroom hom e in East T e rre ll H ills. L arge playhouse in backyard. O ttered at 
$21,75o. 826-6388 

REAVIS REALTY CO, 

KIRBY 
A s s u m e e a u itv on th is id e a l 
••first" home I large living area w ith fir e p la c e . 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s , la r g e k itc h e n w ith r e ­ f r ig e r a t o r in c lu d e d , b e a u tifu l plush carpeting 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
653-5259 
SUE W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 
I 

K IR B Y - 3-2-2, co rn er. M any ex- tras. $35,ooo . 661-6115._____________ J 
K ir b y . N o q u a lif y in g . A n a b -/] soulate beauty. 3 bedroom , 2 b a tt, c o u n try s ize k it c h e n , c e n tr o ! h e a t-a ir , 2 c a r g a r a g e , p a tio , i fenced. Call Ann 
ERA 
532-31o7 

RE A LTQ R S -5o Y ea rs Of T R U S T 
M O N T E V IS TA 
225 W. GRAMMERCY 
O P E N T O D A Y 4—6 PM 
F o rm a l living ond dining room , la rg e u p d a te d k itc h e n , fa m ily room w ith b a r . 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s , c e n tr o l h e o t a n d a i r . 
$63,ooo. 733-9742, 828-5671. 
Strauder Nelson Realty 

6888 MONTGOMERY RD. 
R e m o d e le d and c u sto m ize d oil brick 2 bedroom , 2 bath home on 
1.2 acres. 2 living areas with fire ­ p lace in fa m ily ro o m . A ll new top-of-the-line appliances recently installed. 2 patios, double garage plus e xtra p arkin g pad. Country living on the edge of town. M ust see to appreciate. For details and viewing, call 342-4115 A N Y T IM E ■ 

P E R R IN B E IT E L R D A R E A - 
3-2-2, privacy fenced, eauitv and assum e 7% VA loan, Bv O w ner, 
653-5819. 

PLANTS WILL THRIVE 
IN S U N N Y G A R D E N R O O M of this better than new hom e w ithin blks of W oodridge E lem F o rm a l living dining, huge fa m ily room with fireplace, 3-2V2-3. 824-4571 
Nelson Copy, REALTORS 

Potential Rental Property 
4 bdrm , 2 bath home tor $26,5oo. 
Assume VA loan w ith low eauitv 
Fresh paint inside and out. Call 
824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A LTO R S 

T E R R E L L H IL L S 
Find w hat you've been looking for close to tow n. F t. Sam and the busline. 3 bdrm s, 2 baths, huge yard. 
$45,ooo. 
824-o171, 
Nites 
655-8421 
REB CARPET 
R E A L T O R S ________ 
I 

" 54(1 TERRELL HD 
S pacious h o m e of q u a lity c on­ s tr u c tio n , 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m s , 3 b a th s , lu x u r y k itc h e n , p r ic e d below replacem ent, $112,ooo. W ill consider s m a lle r hom e in trade. 
494-739o, 826-3875. 

YOU BEEN WAITING for o place in Cam elot I? Nice 3 b e d ro o m . 
2 b a th h o m e w ith country kitchen. New point inside, near school, m all and Churches. 
$32,9oo. 
653-435o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S-W alzem OIC 

T H E G O O D L IF E ..liv e it in this im m aculate, com fortable hom e in 
C a s tle P a r k ! 5 s p a c io u s b e ­ droom s, 3 baths. Living and din­ ing room s, open to a brig h t sun room w ith a tre e -s ta n d in g fir e ­ p lac e ! F a m ily room 2oX13, bu­ tle r 's p a n t r y ...s to ra g e g a lo re . 
L o v ely , G a ry pool u n d e r m any trees..N ortheast Schools. 
$83,2oo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

212 - HOMES-NDRTHWEST 

7 Acres on Mountaintop is only p a rt of this handsorne 4 bedroom , 2 bath, fireplaced fa m i­ ly room plus fo rm a l liv in g and d in in g . K id s on d H o rs e s W e l­ com e! 15 m in. to M ed. Center. 
— $69,OC*— 
R E A L T O R S 
V IC K I L A N E 
341 3154 
N IT E S 828-3691 
W A L K E R J. B A R N E B E Y 

YOUR OWN ESTATE 
The setting is a picture of Country 
Living in on area with all city con­ veniences. large custom built 3 bedroom, 3 bath home, plus workshop and stable. All this and more on beautifully landscaped, treed grounds, awny from traffic. 
Near UTSA. 12.o6 acres. 
494-7651 ANYTIME 

 ita s o u r& k fiiru . 

RIALTO** - 5o YEARS OF TRUST 

C A S TLE H IL L S 
L ik e to e n te r ta in ? H u g e 3 b e ­ d ro o m , fo r m a l liv in g s e p a ra te dining, enorm ouse den has w et b a r , fir e p la c e . S e w in g ro o m . 
B eau tiful oversized lot. Ask tor 
Beth Tate. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A LTO R S 

BRAUN STATION EAST 
A L L am m enties. from fireplace to wet bar to gourm et kitchen, 4 be­ droom s, lovely established yard. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M LS 
B ra u n S tation E ast. B e a u tifu l 5 bedroom , T ri-lev e l hom e to r sale. 
On la rg e lot w ith oak tre es 
By 
O w ner. 684-o198 

A d am s H ill- By O w n e r. 3-2-2, 2 liv in g a r e a s , m a n y e x t r a s ! 
$36,7oo. $25o mo. Ask $9,ooo equi­ ty, w ill negotiate. 673-27o2 

T H E H IL L S . No q u a lify in g , low equity, 3 bedroom s, 2 boths, den, c en tro l h e a t-a ir, 2 c a r g a ra g e , call Ann 

P R A Y T H E E LOOK 
C o u n try c h a rm fo r a s q u ir e ’s p rid e , c u s to m -b u ilt 5 b e d ro o m fe a tu r e s o ld -fa s h io n e d liv in g space in a C o n tem p o ra ry 2-tier design. N E .I.S D ., $69,5oo. Coil 
Sonya a t H O M E O W N E R M A R ­ 
K E T IN G SVC. 349-4373 

ERA 
532-31o7 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
.PRETTY COUNTRY KITCHEN 

JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648-337o 

A Lackland Beauty 
All b rick 3-2-1, O klo h o m d stone fir e p la c e . 
S p a c io u s 
6o tt. liv in g -f a m ily a r e a , c a r p e te d , fe n c e d , m a n y e x t r a s . O w n e r. 
Term s open. 673-1592 or 228-o8oo 
7523 W estfield D r. 

BRAUN STATION WEST 
B Y O W N E R 
T h is I % y r . old la n d s c a p e d , c a rp e te d 3-2-2 fe a ­ tures a dining room w ith full m ir­ ro re d w a ll, p a n ele d fa m ily ria - f ir e p la c e , 
B O N U S 
R O O M , 
B r e a k fa s t b a y , ro s e g a rd e n s , s m o k e a la r m , ro o t tu r b in e s . 
Fenced. Assum e $339 mo. 684-3147 

ALLENA VILLAGE 
O ff B lanco, la rg e and ro o m y 3 bedroom , 2 baths, living, dining, i9 X 18 den, double garage. Only 
$28,5oo. 341-72o1, nites 822-1767. 
Ask for V A N C E H IL L 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

BUS AT BIANCO ond one block a w a y , a ll b rick 3 
1 bedroom s, den, c en tral heat-oir. 
I $37,5oo. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M LS 

JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648-337o 

Large 4 Bedroom Home 
2 baths, s e p a ra te liv in g ro o m , fa m ily room , b re a k fa s t a re a in kitchen. 2 c ar g arag e, central a ir a n d h e a t. N o r th e a s t S c h o o ls . 
Roosevelt Hi. O w n e r re lo c a tin g and anxious. $36,5oo 
Reese H e n ry 

MUST BE SOLD! 
DEPSPARATION SALE! 
M akes this 3 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 car garage hom e an outstanding buy. L o w e st e q u ity in p o p u la r 
Brookwood. Only one at this site. 
824-2391 (A nytim e) 
Beanie Dwens Co 
RE AL TO RS-Austin Hw y O le 
N E A R E L E M E N T A R Y SCHO O L! 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th h o m e w ith la rg e liv in g ro o m p lu s d in in g room com bined with built-in kithen. 
$29,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co 

B right and yellow, you’ll love the openness of this floor plan. Tw o e a tin g a r e a s w ith a c c e s s to 
I covered patio. F ire p la c e in one 
I living a re a plus c a rp e t. Lots of closet space, priced at $37,95o. 
658-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Dwens Co 

A N E W L IS T IN G , Just $375o down 
! in John M a rsh all M eadow s. 3-2-2, 
I 684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

R E A LTO R S -R andolph Ofc 

655-3584 
R e a lto r 
Nites 
653-8592 
L A R G E 3-2-1 e n e r g y s a v in g home. Carpet, fenced. $26,9oo. 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494-7781 

FIRST OFFERING 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
Lovely split level C ontem porary. 
C om pletely new gourm et kitchen, large living areas. 3-2. 826-3349 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
826-8673 A nytim e 

B Y O W N E R , V A L L E Y F O R G E , 
3-2-2, f ir e p la c e , o v e rs iz e d lo t, p riv a c y fence. E q u ity and assum e pm ts. 656-3449 

SY OWNER, VALENCIA 
3-2-2, F ire p la c e , s e p a ra te liv in g r o o m , d r a p e s , p r e t t y y a r d . 
$ 48-ooo. 13o14 L o s E s p a n a d a , 
653-9693 A tter 4P M , w eekdays. 
Bv ow ner, 3-2-2 w ith study or 4th b ed ro o m , la rg e liv in g a re a , 7% 
V A w ith low e q u ity , n e a r R a n - dolph, F t Sam 654-6298 aft 5. 

B Y O W N E R - 3 -1 'I-!, 4 years old. 
W oodlake. Lots of extra s . Assum e 
$2oo m o., $5,8oo equity. 661-6T48. 

CAMELOT 
3 bedroom s, c en tral h e at-a ir and appliances. E asy te rm s Assum e 
$167 mo. or refin an ce. W ill trade. 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 

HISTORIC AREA 
Beautifully restored, im m aculate 
2-storv home, 5 bedroom s- 2 up, 3 d o w n , lf you lik e s o ft c o lo rs , g lee m in g floors, b e ve lle d glass, fire p la c e , see this. G ia n t oaks shade the patio. $59,SOO. 824-4571 

LA R G E F A M IL Y 
4-2, large room s, lorge single liv ­ ing area, c arp e t thruou t, fenced yard with sm all gard en . Assume 
7i«°o VA loon w ith $192 paym ents. 
Owner will consider second lien. 
C e n t u r y 21 
653-8131 Bill P arkins fnty655-5226 
13132 L A C L A IR 
2 fireplaces, convenience and en­ e rgy-saving fe a tu re s m a ke this lovely 3 bedroom , 2 bath the best buy in town at $38,9oo. Call Sonya a t H O M E O W N E R M A R K E T IN G 
SVC. 349-4373. 

Live Oak 
S U P E R C L E A N 3 b e d ro o m . 2 bath home. F.ully carpeted. Beau­ tiful covered patio that s ready for s u m m e r e n jo y m e n t, p a y m e n ts only $259 m o n th ly . R E A S O N A ­ 
B LE E Q U IT Y . H u r r y ! 828-6343, eves 656-ooo7 

N E A R M A C A R T H U R H IG H ...all b ric k h o m e p a r k -lik e lot w ith lighted patio off w alnut paneled f a m ily ro o m ! 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 baths...living room 22x13.6! 
$49,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 
Guy Chipman Co 

N E A R W IN D SO R P A R K M A L L 
Sparkling clean 4-2-2. L arge fire ­ p lace, lig h t a nd b rig h t g a rd e n kitchen. Beautifully carpeted and d r a p e d th r u o u t. L O W , L O W 
E Q U IT Y ! 541,5oo. 
R E A LTO R 
691-13oo 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC. 
N E A R W IN D SO R PARK M A L L 
2 or 3 bedroom s, re frig era to r or stove, fu lly c a rp e te d . A s su m e 
$137 per mo. 349-1479 
H ector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 

Need Sq Footage? ond luxu ry living a rea too? Try this n e a r new ho m e. 272 ti in m aster bedroom ...616 tt in fam ily room ...over 6oo sa ft covered pa­ t io ...A N D th e re s m u c h m o r e ! 
$53,9oo and w orth m ore! See SEE 
NOW. 828-6343, eves 653-9596 

R A N D O L P H A R E A . 5 Bedroom , 3 bath, cathedral ceilings, soinkler 
I system, cul-de-sac, covered patio, 
I m ony extras. 658-2419.____________ 
R O O M -A -TIS M 
I About 2,3oo sa ti. in this rock 'n 
I c ed a r 4 bedroom hom e in O AK 
I HO LLO W E STA TES One H U G E 
! L IV IN G A R E A w ith c a th e d r a l 
; ceiling and great fire p la c e. M as- 
I ter bedroom by itself. C entral and 
] b u ilt-in e v e ry th in g . IO m o n th s 
' young and in prim e a rea . 
$58,5oo 
R E A LTO R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

R O S E 
G A R D E N 
E S T A T E S - 
Sw im m ing pool com es w ith this lovely 4 bdrm home. Sep. livg ond dining, tm . rm . w-rock FP . Lots of carpet, covered patio. M ust see. 
494-5221 Anytim e 
RED CARPET 

SAN P E D R O H IL L S 
FA N TA S TIC NE W 3-2-2. $49,8oo 
All brick, pick carpet now. M uster bedroom 12x2o. oak tre e s , cul- de-sac. M ore! H urley 824-1279 

SAN P E D R O H IL L S 
NEW 4 2-2.846,95o 
All brick, carpeted, 824-1279 

San Pedro H ills, like new stone 
3-2-2, fire p la c e , e x tra s . $48,5oo. 
492-29o2 or 494-5713 

TH IS O N E HAS IT all, prestige location, quality and beauty N orthw ood E states. Cus­ tom built. Only 13 years old. Fan- ta s tic y a rd w ith b ig tre e s s u r­ rounds this 3-2-2. Den olus form al areas. Loaded w ith luxu ry extras. 
Only $98,5oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
W hitehead H oliday 
, c c . 
. 
K1_. _ C1 
. 
684-3711_______________ R E A L T O R S 
? ! : £ t _ I 
L 
® t . . J . P_.5JI 

TMI 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
A beautiful blend of old and the j new An unusaui flagstone atriu m ] entry unite 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, : w ith 3o X 2o liv in g -d in in g , den, j kitchen, an o th er bedroom plus 2 | b a th s , liv in g ro o m h a s h ig h i c e ilin g s a n d a b e a u tifu l la r g e j stone fire p la c e . O ve r 25oo sq.ft. 
Priced at $82,5oo. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
653-5259 j 
SUE W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

TOP VALUE a t reduced p ric e . This C olonial has 4 b e droom s, 3 baths, la rg e fam ily room plus fire p la c e. 3o ft pool U eautiful carpet ond drapes. 
824-4521, nites 674-o744 

Turnup Realty 

TRADEIN 

 j Your old house on a hom e of your choice. D etails a t no obligation, 
654-7131 
R O U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 

B USTO P I B LO C K . 2 bedroom s, den, stove. $2oo down. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

BUY IN FOREST OAKS 
New to m a rk e t. All b rick, separ­ a te liv in g , d in in g , d e n a n d c o ve red p atio . P r iv a c y fen ced , and only $4o,5oo 

 a nd glass doors in a v e rs a tile , com fortable hom e w ith a fantastic view ! Set on approx. I a c re w ith a fireplaced livin g room , separate dining room and a 2oX19 fam ily- g a m e r o o m . 4 b e d r o o m s , 2Vj baths, scattered on 3 levels! 
$71,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

A P R IC E R E D U C T IO N 
! 

SHAVANO FARK 
2 Acres w ith 15o oak trees, horse stalls, and a beautiful rock hom e. 
I L a r ge fa m ily room w ith fireplace. 
E ntertain on the over-sized patio, i Call now. O w ner anxious. 

Century 21 
Schneider R ealty 
684 
684-72oo 
By ow ner, A lam o Hills, 3-2-1, cen­ t r a l a ir , h e a t, c a r p e t , la r g e covered patio, fenced, eauitv and a s s u m e p a y m e n ts $169 m o 
736-4633, 681-1o82 ask for John. 

By O w ner: Colonies N orth a rea . 
G reat buy on fully equipped 3-2-2 fom ily home. $39,5oo. 344-8869 

Comeliu- &- ss- - 'S 
Cornelius Si Associates 

C A M E L O T Ii 
This hom e has had lots of tender lo vin g c o re, 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath, w ith a ll the e x tra s . W all to w all c a rp e t e v e ry w h e re . Wood b u rn ­ ing fire p la c e in den, 
$42,5oo. 
656 7717 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
Jam es G loscock S Assoc 

STORY 

BY OWNER 
4 -2 1 j- 2, p r iv a c y fe n c e , n e w ly pain ted . Assum e equity or nego- tioble new loan $45,ooo 655-2557 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
Lovely colonial on oversized lot. 5 bedroom s, 2' z baths. F irep la ce in fa m ily room . S eparate living and d ining room . N ew a p p lia n c es in kitchen. R edecorated throughout. 
W alk to Lee High. Coil 494-7651 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 8 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y ea rs of T R U S T 
C H U R C H IL L H I 
T h is d e n tis t s 
IM M A C U L A T E hom e w ill b ring a s m ile to your fa c e ! G re a t flo o r­ plan. open living a rea , 3 bedroom , I 828 5636 
2 b a th , c o v e r e d p a tio , h u g e p riv a c y fenced y a rd . $45,2o 

F IR S T T IM E O F F E R E D . You can be the first to see it. W ith a ll it has it w on’t last long. Single lorge liv in g a r e a . F ir e p la c e . 3 b e ­ droom s, 2 baths, covered patio, low 4o‘s. 
RED CARPET 
342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 

I FO R F A S T title service w nn no u n n e c e s s a ry d e la y le t A L A M O 
T IT L E 
CO. handle the 
C eal. 
227-o231.___________________________ 

’’FARIDA ROOM” this lovely 4 bedroom , 2 bath has a c o ve red screened and c arp e te d patio with built-in planters. G rea t outdoor living! F irep lace in hying a re a and p riv a c y fe n c ed y a rd . 
$41,5oo. 681-3222, nites 349-6837. 
REALTY WORLD 
B IL L S O U T H E R N 

LIVE OAK VILLAGE 
Cleanest 3-2-2 in tow n. A vailable now. Term s negotiable. 
NIBLOCK REALTY 653-1873 

SANPEDRO HILLS 
P O W E R S A V E R H O M E , lovely 
2166 sa tt, 4-2' j home with m any I decorator features. Built with 2x6 ] w alls ond heat pum p to save on ‘ utilities. $56,ooo 
P O W E R SA VE R 
R E A L T O R S , 
349-941o 

TREE— MENDOUS! 
You say you like tre e s ! This is your house! 36 oak trees spread over '■> Acre with 4 bedroom s, 2 baths home to boot! Only $53,5oo! 
341-4491 
Nites 735-1787, 344 16o3 
G E O R G E FLO O D , R E A L T O R S 
T R Y O L H IL L S 
N E W L I S T IN G ! S p a c io u s a ll brick, 4-2-2 Colonial on corner lot. 
F o r m a t liv in g 
A N D d in in g ro o m ., p a n e le d fa m ily room ...electric kitchen w ith party bar. Loads of built-ins, cozy tore- place-m ore! $74,ooo 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS_____ 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider R ealty 
684 
684-72oo 
A T L A S T ! 4 BR b e a u ty n e a r 
Holm es H.S. $38o Total m ove in. 
No credit? No problem ! 922-2173, 
675-9294, 673-4714. 
P A T MC V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

Bv o w n e r, C r e s t h a v e n , 2 -1 -1, com p re m o d e le d , b u ilt-in s , Ige fenced y a rd , e x tra s , p e rfe c t fo r young m a rrie d o r re tire d couple. 
A ssum e 7 Vt % V A o r a p p ra is e d value $22,ooo. No agents. 344-5729. 
By ow ner, executive tra n s ferre d . 
28oo so ft. w hite stone contem por­ a ry hom e less th a n I y e a r old. 
Located in beautiful Oak Hollow 
Estates north of Loop 41o off San 
P e d ro , 4 b e d ro o m , 7 * i b a th s . 
C athedral ceilings, sunken living and fa m ily room s, fire p la c e , ul­ tr a m o d e rn k itc h e n , 2 'j b a th s , d o u b le c a r g a r a g e , b a llr o o m stairw ay, glazed q u a rry tile entry anti kitchen, professionally lands­ caped, p riva c y fence, corner lot. 
P riced to sell. $79,5oo. 494-1867. 

By ow ner, Forest G len, 3-2-2, Ige c o v e r e d p a tio , s to r a g e s h ed 

C H A R T E R O A K S ...n a tiv e rock hom e has 4 bedroom s, 2 lovely baths! F irep lace, w alnut paneling and cathedral, beam ed ceiling in fa m ily room . Living-dinin g c o m ­ bination...patio 45x16. 
$59,8oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
♦ ★ 
♦ I * * ' * * ' * 

J 
EXECUTIVE 
• 
♦ COUNTRY ESTATES* 

^ A I ocre * 3 bedroom ★ wood ^ 
J burning fireplace 
★ covered J 
▼ patio * mony extros ★ q u ie ti* 
^ country living with all the city ^ conveniences * no city foxes ★ 
♦ one of o kind * wooded lot * l f purchase before price increase 
)$- ★ a bargain S62,8oo. 
VA financing available. 
Caf! 
TONI HOTMAN 
DOUG HOW ARD 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 3 
164 6 ROB ROY 

Isus-Home 

^ 
Of CENTRAL TEXAS, 
Ac 

C H A R T E R OAKS 
Brick and C edar 2-story on choice c o rn e r lot. B e a u tifu l K ID N E Y ­ 
S H A P E D PO O L. Wet bar, draoes, m any extras. 4 bedroom s, 3 lux­ ury baths. $76,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

E L A IN E L U D W IG 8, ASSOC. 
C H U R C H IL L E S TA TE S 
S O M E T H IN G N E W 
S O M E T H IN G D IF F E R E N T 
S O M E T H IN G S U P E R B ! 
This is C h u rc h ill E s ta te s A N D 
Superb Hom es. Located off B lan­ co Road, l ’ j m iles post C hurchill 
H iah School in the N o rth E a s t 
School D istrict, the Estates afford oak shaded sites secluded fro m the real w orld. Jesse and B ruce 
B a rk e r built hom es w ith skilled craftsm anship, auality m a terials, energy saving features, the most m odern conveniences and fa m i­ ly-oriented designs. P riced fro m 
$75,ooo to $9o,ooo. 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
O F F E R E D E X C L U S IV E L Y BY 
ROSOW & KLINE 
RE A LTO R S -5o Y ears Of TR U S T 

Im m a c u la te 3-2-2, fa m ily room bu ilt-in s , c e n tro l h e a t-a ir. O nly 
$29,9oo. B etter h u rry ! 
684-6444 
N iles 684-o135 
TERRILL REALTY 
R E A LTO R S 
M LS 

O N LY HERE! 

• N ew Brick 
Hom e* on 
Aer* 
©age 
• B reathtaking V iew * 
• W oaded Sites for PRIVAC Y 
• 4 Choice North Communities 
(Including N ew Braunfels) e Low Taxes W ake easy Pur­ chase Terms 
• 1 7 o o Sa. Ft. liv in g - 2 Cai 
O arage $ 3 7 ,5 o o 
• 2 6 8 o Sa. Ft. liv in g - 2 Ca 
G ara g e $ 4 9 ,7 5 o . 
Search The Home M a rk e t O ver 
THEN Cali U S L - - y --------------- * 
Swinney Co. 
I M i m 
4 9 2 -1 o 7 2 
V U 
6 5 8 -o 2 9 o 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o1, 

C M . F U R R CO. 
Specializing in Northside Hom es' 
733-7141 
344 1633 

COLONIAL HILLS 
E a r ly A m e r ic a b e a u ty . 3 b e ­ droom s, v ery lorge living room , s e p a ra te d in in g , den w ith fir e ­ place, office, tre e d y ard . E x c e l­ le n t c o n d itio n . 341-72o1, n ite s 
341-8294. R E A L T O R S . 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

C O LO N IE S N O R TH 
Lovely 3-2-2 on quiet, tre e shaded street. F irep la ce in fa m ily room , nicely carpeted, built-ins. $44,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC 

COLONIES NORTH 
JU S T L IS T E D , im m aculate 3 be­ d ro o m h o m e in p o p u la r a r e a . 
B e a u tifu l la w n , g a r a g e d o o r opener, drapes and other extras. 
$37,5oo. 828-8241, nites 656-8215. 
DON JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

D O U B L E Y O U R E N J O Y M E N T with a fireplace that opens to din­ in g A N D fa m ily ro o m s ! 3 b e ­ droom , 2 bath hom e has fo rm a l living room off co u rty ard . Lots of rock and Saltillo tile! 
564.9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681 29oo 
Guy Chipman Co 

E X E C U T IV E L IV IN G IN H ID 
D E N F O R E S T . O nly 18 m onths old. Split level with versatile floor arrangem ent. 4 bedroom s (o r 3) w ith lo rg e g a m e ro o m , 
2 ! z d e cro a to r baths, fo rm a l and in­ fo rm a l liv in g a re a s . D e lig h tfu l kitchen with top line appliances. 
Truly a fabulous hom e tor fam ily a n d fo r e n te r ta in in g . $ 65,5oo. 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R EALTQ RS-5o Y ea rs of TR U S T 

E X E C U T IV E 
S P L IT 
L E V E L 
4 bedrooms, lorge gam e room oft s w im m ing pool, close lo tennis courts, a T ra d itio n al house w ith over 34oo sa It. Prestigious north­ west area. $1o5,ooo. 696-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

FO R E S T OAKS, close to M edical 
C e n te r ...f u lly c a r p e te d 3 b e ­ droom , 2 bath hom e has liv in g , dining A N D fam ily room s! Double gate privacy fence. 
544.9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 
Guy Chipman Co 

• FOREST OAKS • 
Custom 3-2-2, tro p ic al c o u rty a rd entry, spacious single living a rea with fireplace, beam ed c athedral ceiling, sea dining. 
$42,5oo. 
684-14o3 

A T T R A C T IV E 4 bedroom , 2 bath, I honiTiifiii wnrri 'e n inn w«?hirin nnvinnc beautiful y a rd , $31,1oo 
N othing 

C O M F O R T A B L E IN D R E A M ­ 
L A N D OAKS 
4-2-2cp, I ' i story, well kept hom e on wooded lot. Bv ow ner. $52,ooo. 
Appointm ent, 341-1245. carpet, built-ins, ow ner anxious. 
$3,ooo equity, $332 mo. C all today 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

 down VA or equity and assum e 
$2o6 mo. 684-7823 a tt 6 :3o-all day weekends. 
BABCOCK PLACE 
3 -2 Vj-2 to w n h o u se , w ith fe n c ed side y ard . E le c tric kitchen, nice c a rp e tin g . W a lk to e le m e n ta ry school, pool, and tennis co u rts . 
$29,5oo. Low equity and assum e. 
E rie Nagel, 696-533o, 696-2712. 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

 j C o m p le te ly R e m o d e le d o ld e r 

I 2-1-1, m odern k itch e n -b o th , c a r ­ pet, covered patio, fenced $22,ooo 
! ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494 7781 
BY OWNER HERITAGE FARM 
Com e see this e le g a n t, w ell d e ­ signed 4-2-2 hom e w ith city view. 
Living-dining room and spacious 
CONTEMPORARY HOME 
4-2' 2-2, larg e living- den with fire ­ p lac e , p la y ro o m , lo ca te d on '« 

 c o u n try g a rd e n k itc h e n , lo rg e ! “ c r e *£ee s! udded Ao * 

L O C A T IO N , 
C O N D IT IO N , 
P R IC E . Spacious 4 bedroom on large corner lot. Tw o hying areas. 
F irep la ce c arp e te d , dish w asher and range. Tw o covered patios. 
$45,5oo. Nites 653-6116. 
C e n t u r y 21 
TRICO , R ealtors 349 6491 

LOW E Q U IT Y A N D A SSUM E 
VA loan on lovely 3 bedroom , 2 bath home. N e a r W indsor P ark 
M ull. No qualifying. 
ROUGH 
R ID E R 
R E A L T Y , 
654-7131 

NEW LISTING 

LOW EQUITY 

B argain equity. 4 bedroom , den with fireplace, nearly new. E auitv less than $5ooo. Quick possession at only $325 mo. 
653-435o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S W alzem Ole 

NO DOW N to anyone, new list of 
G overnm ent approved - financed hom es. 3-4 bedroom s. Som e a p ­ pliances. F irst paym ent July. 
227-9616TE RR A RE AL T Y24 HRS 

NORTHERN HILLS 
Bv Owner. 3-2-2, 14oo sa ft., single liv in g a r e a , d in in g , fir e p la c e , corner lot, disconnected g a rag e , covered breezew ay. 
$43,2oo. 
653 3o64 

SANPEDRO HILLS 
This absolutely lovely 4 bedroom , home, sits on a larg e c o rn er lot with trailer parking in re a r, fully carpeted, custom built, two living areas, low 5o's. 
349-51)1 or 349-3535 A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S -N . Central Ole 

~ SAN PEDRO HILLS 
All brick 4 bedroom , with 228o sa. ti. E xtro large fireplace, this fine home at $57,55o is a super buy! 
Eniov the sum m er with a lattice cedar covered patio. 
Niles 
433-6658. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 A nytim e ■ 

TYROL HILLS 
I Lovely 5 bedroom , executive style fam ily hom e w ith room to e n te r­ tain the whole com pany. H eated pool with w hirlpool, huge D 'H anis tile patio and s p rin k le r system . 
Priced rig h t! U nder $1oo,ooo. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826-6272 
SUE W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

USE VOUK VA 
I To b u y th is im m a c u la te 3 be- 
I droom , 2 bath hom e w ith living 
;a n d d in in g ro o m p iu s fa m ily i room , g re at location and priced at 
I only $34,5oo. Nites 655-7492. 

Beautiful 
New 
Contem porary 
O ver 2ooo sa. ft. in this lovely 3-2-, j home, spacious m aster bedroom , 
| island kitchen, wet b a r, one living a re a , s e p a ra te d in in g . $62,65o. 
: Tim e to pick you decor! 
349-1436 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C . R E A L T O R S _________ 
4 B E D R O O M -A V A IL A B L E NOW 
H ere’s a low equity on a quality- built b ric k hom e. L a rg e sing le 
! living a rea with fireplace. R eally nice! $4o,75o. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
DELANEY REA! ’n' 65) o55o 

 cedar paneled fa m ily room w ith ca th e d ra l ceilin g and fire p la c e . 
C overed p atio fa c in g nice y a rd w ith tre e s a n d p r iv a c y fe n c e . 
M any extras! 
Save on equity! 
674-6858 

G rant Forest. D ays 224-7581, eves 
349-1518 and weekends. 

By O w ner- Hollyw ood P ark. Cus­ tom built 3-2-2 B rick Colonial, in excellent condition. I living area, spacious m a ste r bedroom . 
494-3o86 
By ow ner, im m ac u late 3-2 conv, 
125o s q .ft. b u ilt-in s , a ll c a rp e t, utility rm , storage bldg. $28,5oo or assum e $212 mo, 684-6o5o. 

4 BEDROOM j Cozy living and separate dining. 
A M -F M stereo, m odern kitchen, 
‘ e x c e lle n t la n d s c a p in g , la r g e fenced backyard. Assume 7% , in 
‘ the 2o s. j SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-97o1 

I 5 b e d ro o m s, 3 b a th s , s e p a ra te 
] living-dining, den, study, laun dry, ja n d m a s te r q u a rte rs , fire p la c e , cul-de-sac, 27oo sq. ti. 2 story by 
‘ ow ner. 6411 Long House C ourt. 
$67,5oo 684-746o eves. 

BY O W N E R in Forest G len, fresh and s p a rk lin g 3-2-2, 3 y rs. old, fu lly c a rp e te d , p r iv a c y fen ced . 
$31,ooo. O pen ho u se S un. 7535 
M eadow G reen. 684-6o7o 

BY OWNER 
In Mission T ra ce , lu xu ry gorden ho m e, 4-2-2, 245o sq ft. 24 H r s e c u rity . $74,5oo. F o r a p p o in t­ m ent 69o-8718 or 924-8371. 
Bv O w n e r, L e o n V a lle y , 6926 
E vening Sun, 3-2-2, fire p la c e, all brick, fenced. 681-o324, 674-5757 

BY O W N E R , 7 'j% Loan in Town- v ie w E s ta te s , l ' 2y rs . O ld 165o 
5q.F t., 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, large fa m ily ro o m , w ith c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g a n d fir e p la c e . D in in g room , Kitchen and b reakfast area w ith b a y w in d o w . L o c a te d on 
Cul-de-sac. C onvenient to Schools. 
681-3385 or 224-6554. 

For Sale or Rent, Fox Run. 4-2-2, s w im m in g p o o l, f ir e p la c e , covered patio, 655-2981. 

Beanie Owens Co 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

FOR SALE OR R E N T 
This 3 bdrm , 2 both hom e bos all the m odern conveniences. N o rth ­ east Schools, w alk lo a re a swim and tennis club. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_________ R E A LTO R S ____________ 

Fox Run, b y ow ner, custom stone on treed lot, open ond briqht with m any extras. $49 9oo. 656-7755. 

FRESH AS A DAISY! 
O w ner has reduced price on this delightful and young 3 bedroom , 2 bath, attached garage hom e near new M ad iso n School. Lush c a r ­ peting, decorator drapes. Assume 

RED CARPET 
342-3H1 R E A L T O R S 
C O R N E R H O M E with side e ntry, double g a ra g e , has fire p la c e in living a re a ! 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, shag carpeting. E X T R A S ! 
$36,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658 7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co 

C O R O N A D O 
V IL L A G E . 
By 
O w ner, 4-2-2, 223o sa ft., e xtra s eve ryw h e re. $58,ooo. 658-866o oft I y ___________________________________ j 

COUNTRY ATMOSPHERE 
C H U R C H IL L SCHO O L D IS T R IC T 
Surrounds this c h a rm in g new 3 bedoom , 2 bath hom e, single liv ­ ing a re a w ith c o rn e r fire p la c e , built in kitchen, c e n tra l heot and a ir , d o u b le g a r a g e 
$49 VUU. 
341 77o1, Odes 494 7o66 
Ask tor 
O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 

L a r g e 3 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith separate living, dining am ) fam ily room Big yard w ith m any trees 
$45,5oo. 
653-435o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S W alzem Ole 

M A C A R T H U R 
H IG H 
.5 b e ­ droom, J bath hom e, n e ar schools and shopping is ideal tor a large fo m ily ! L iv in g , d in in g room s... big kitchen. Covered patio! 
537,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

M A R IO N , TX . 6o v e e r old house. 
3 bedroom s, livin g room , dining room, fruit trees and alm ost one 
7% FHA loan at $23l a m onth or j a cre ! 18 m i. iro m Loop. 1-42o-2174 refinance. $27,9oo. N IT E S 824-446o or ode 824-6381___________________ 

MARY MONT 
E xe c u tive nom e w n h o v er 34oo sg. it. of luxury, including sunken living room , la rg e s ep arate d in­ in g , s o liilio tile e n tr y . L o v e ly h ooted pool se* in u e a u tn u llv 
Icmascapea v o id . 4-J-2. 8/4-43/1 

Nelson Cory, REALTORS 

M LS 
NORTH LOOP INC. 

F U L L Y L A N D S C A P E D J 2 7 on cul-de-sac. 2ox17 m aster b e d rm , 
((replaced den $37,8oo. C all now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 82H o/S5 in 8 mn 

G R E E N H O U S E G A -D ! N * l T f A 
AN D F R U IT TR E E S oil go wnn this s t a r t e r h o m e b e a u t y ! 
3 bedroom s (2 at em c a rp e te d ), carpeted living room , ail c e n ta i. 
All this and m ore tor a low >22,95o. 
V A -FH A ok! 
8/6-6343. eves 
653-9596 
Cornelius & Associates 

H A V E A F L IN G w ith a p re tty young thing, this 6 yr. old 3 2-1 in 
P a r k N o rth is p r ic e d o f o n ly 
526,9oo on open term s. B eau tiful condition. 
Call 
828 8195 
R E A LTO R S 
RED CARPFT 

Big, spacious 4 2-2. A g o lfe r's 
: dream A vailable todoy. 
NIBLOCK REALTY 653-1873 

NORTHERN HILLS 
! L a rg e c o v e re d lot b e a u tifu lly 
I landscaped. 3-2-2 w ith single liv ­ ing o re a . C a rp eted th roug hout, 
J covered patio and m ore. $39,5oo. 
656 3441, nites 656-8178. 
DON JO H NSO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

N O R T H E R N H ILL S 
A s s u m e 59,625 e q u ity on th is ! e le g a n t 4 b d rm , 2 b a th h o m e . I 
U nique lo ft. On c o rn e r lot, IOO yards to lith g reen on the golf course. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_________ R E A LTO R S ___________ 
NOR T H E R N H ILL S 
3 2-7 w ith larg e living room ond dining loom that m ay be convert- ed to 4?ti b d rm or g o m e ro o m . 
1oo% brick with 
FP 
$43,9oo. 
824-o1/1 

R E A LTO R S Blanco Rd. Otc 
SAN P E D R O H ILL S 
Large backyard, 4 b d rrm , single liv in g a r e a w ith F P . P o p u la r neighborhood. Priced ut $48,5oo. 
824-o171 
RED CARPET 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E 
V a le n c ia - By o w n e r. 3-2-2 w ith fir e p la c e a nd e x tra s ! A ssu m e 
<3o3 at 8 14°o. $39,5oo 656-1639 

SAVE ENERGY 
SAVE TIME! 
E n erg y saving one liv in g a re a , w alking distance to e te m e n try * middle - and high school. Access to all kinds of shopping w ithout getting on "the super slob." Call today 
653-435o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S -W olzem Otc 

VALLEY FORGE 
I Bv ow ner, 3-2 2, fire p la c e, larg e country kitchen, custom drapes. 
Assum e $266 m o p a ym e n ts and 
I $35oo equity 653-3797._____________ 
V A L L E Y F O R G E lf you a re in need of a w ell-kept 
3-2-2, this is just the hom e for you. 
These proud o w n e rs h a ve kept this hom e in tip top shape. N ice large y ard and covered patio. 
824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

B Y O W N E R , lo v e ly s p lit le v e l 
3-2-2, fa m ily ro o m , " L " shaped 
3 bedroom s, 2 (ult baths, den w ith , 
_ _ fire p la c e 
N E schools, fenced yard, $27,5oo. A tter 5 344-1111 

3 b e d ro o m s, huge liv in g ro o m . 
Convenient. 
W ash-dry hook-up. 
$15,5oo 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
BE T H E F IR S T to see this com fortable 3 bedroom home in Oak Hills T e rra c e . Y ou’ll love the inside b ric k w o rk a nd corner firep lace. 
Call today 
341-4484 
RED CARPET 

 off m aster, overlooking large lot and wooded a re a . C onvenient to schools, M ed. center. By appoint­ m ent only, 684-3o39. 

BY OWNER 

C O N T E M P O R A R Y B E A U T Y 
In W hispering Oaks. Huge living a r e a has f ir e p la c e , s e p a r a te dining, lib ra ry , gorgeous m a ste r down. Tw o bedroom s, study, and qam e room up. Ask for Beth Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
] 
C O U N T R Y 
C H A R M 
, ii e a r 
M e d ic a l C e n te r and 2 C o u n try 
C lu b s ! B e a u tifu lly d e c o ra te d , very spacious room s, including a livin g room w ith a c o m fo rta b le fire p la c e , a d in in g room and a kitch en the size of G ra n d m o th ­ e r 's . ..b u t, w ith b u ilt-in a p ­ pliances! 3 large bedroom (s m a l­ lest is 15x15!), 3 boths. Also on the 
"almost" 4 acres, a re 2 separate, efficiency apartm ents and lots of trees! 
$185,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Cu 

C U S TO M B U IL T , ram b ling 5 be droom , 2 'z bath, double g a ra g e m a n s io n . D e s ig n e d b o th fo r elegant e n tertaining and c o m fo r­ table fam ily living. The B E S T of two w orlds. Located in north cen­ tra l a re a in e xc lu siv e n e ig h b o r­ hood. M id 7o'S. 681-o66o. 
RED CARPET 

SENECA ESTATES 
N ew listing. 6oo1 Rue Sophie. Im - , m aculate, w hite brick and fra m e, ] 
3-2-2, Spanish c o u rty a rd e n try , s p ac io u s c o r n e r lo t, s e c lu d e d ' y a rd , shadey p a tio , custom k it- , chen, m any extras. $47,ooo. Com e see it! 681-1664 

RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

MARYMONT 

IN l - t l I A ev f . j N ' 
C A I I 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

O ak treed grounds c o m p lim e n t this 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e with sw im m ing pool, 4th bedroom or a u a r te r s , S a ltillo tile d liv in g a r e a s , 2 p a tio s , 2 f ir e p la c e s . 
$125,ooo 824-o284. 
STEVE T. FINCH 

M A S S IV E 2 STOR Y 
Like new large 1oo% brick 5 b drm hom e 2 liv in g a re a s w ith open h i to n y o verlo o kin g e»gi i n (ire u u n - 
P r i v a c y l e v e e d y a r d rn 
. o n u s N o r t h e r n H i l t s 
C a l l nj ■ 
• tor p i i v a i e 
H o e i n g 
RED CARPET 
R E A L IORS 

N O R TH STAR M A L L beautiful 4 bedroom , 2 both, custom styled home, exquisitely appointed den w ith b o r a nd fir e p la c e . L o rg e p a n tr y . 
16x29 
R e d w o o d deck-patio. A hom e you w ill love to live in Call for appt. 
H U G H E S & BRISCO E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

NOW IS T H E T I M E 
To buy this lovely Spanish-stvled home in the highly desirable a re a of E ld o ra d o . Just rig h t fo r the growing fam ily with 4 bdrm s and 
2 baths W ill sell a uickly at tm s price, so see todoy. 824-o171 
REO CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

SAVE YOUR ENERGY 
P o p u la r , c o n te m p o r a r y h o m e with energy saving features 3-2-2, la r g e liv in g , s e p a r a te d in in g a r e a s , fir e p la c e , c a t h e d r a l ceilings. $51,9oo. 
349 1136 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A LTO R S _________ 
S C H E R TZ 
4 Bedroom , 2 bath, c en tral heat ond a ir, living and dining room , fam ily room, sliding glass door to patio Vent-hood and garbage dis­ posal. $26,ooo. 
494 5571 
N IT E S 653 1445 

V A L U E P LUS 
E xceptional 4-3-2 hom e located in 
M a c A r th u r 
T e r r a c e , la r g e p riv a c y fenced y a rd w ith 34x16 heated pool, glassed in sunroom , autom atic s p rin k ler system . Only 
555,ooo Open daily 5:3o til dusk 
N O R T H E A S T PARK 
N ic e 3 b e d ro o m hom e in good c o n d itio n , s itu a te d in a n ic e n eig h b o rh o o d . J u st rig h t fo r a young c o u p le as a fir s t hom e 
Only $24,5oo assum e Conventional 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341-71 IS 
R E A L T O R S 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G with all city conveniences, larg e 
3-3-2 home in m int condition. T e x ­ as size den, 32xt6 pool, with red wood decking, plus 3 horse stall barn, num erous larg e oak trees on this alm ost a cre , oft San Pedro. 
Thousand Oaks a rea . Only $81,5oo 
Conventional 

BE t h e F IR S T to live in this new home, set on approx. % of an a cre in beautiful Stagecoach Hills! All brick, carpeted in gold plush, with 
H a r v e s t 
G o ld b u i l t i n a p ­ pliances., g re a t fire p la c e in the , living a re a ! 3 bedroom s, 2 baths w hnris bonus room 
21x11! 
Trees 1 galore! 
558,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696 4811 

BY O W N E R -S H A V A N O P A R K . 
N ew c u s to m b u ilt 3-2-2 b r ic k . 
Spanish design. M in t condition. 
Spacious m a ste r and bath area. 
% acre, lots of trees. 595,ooo. Call 
492-1856 a fte r 5 w kdys anytim e 

D E E R R U N 
W ell k e p t 3 b e d ro o m , w ith lu ll b a th , plus p o w d e r ro o m . O N E 
L IV IN G A R E A , large kitchen and breakfast room . C entral a ir and heat. M a rsh all Hi. M id 2o's 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

DONT BRING MONEY 
Bring your paint brush, no down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 bedroom s, 
2 b ath s, som e w ith a ir and a ll appliances. P aym ents less than ] 494-7711, nites 494-21 16 rent. 
1 
" ''• • 
- ~ 
BOB D eP A O LO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

D R A S TIC R E D U C T IO N 

FOREST OAKS AREA 
Would you believe only $36,9oo for this privacy-fen ced hom e w ith a bright, open and a iry floorplan? 
Enjoy the fireplaced fa m ily room . 
Century 21 
Schneider R eally_________634-72oo 

FOREST OAKS 
A Dollhouse! Im m a c u la te 3-2-2, fam ily room w ith c ath era l ceiling, fire p la c e . 75% m a s o n ry , u n d e r 
$4o,ooo. 824-4571 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 

FO R E S T OAKS E S T A T E S 
Just listed! O nly I y r. old, fully land scape/, fenced, carpeted and d ra p ed . 4 b e droom 2 -s to ry, Iiv- ing-dining olus fire p la c ed fa m ily room. $56,9oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC 
GREAT C O U N T R Y 1977 “ 
Room for e ve ryth in g excep t im ­ provem ent in this 4 bd rm , 3 both tri-level in Hollywood P a rk . P lant your fam ily here and get a g reat c ro p of space. P r ic e d in 8o s. 
824-o171, Niles 655-8421 
RED CARPET 
_________ R E A LTO R S ___________ 

GREENBRIAR 
3-1-1, in this fine location. L arge tr e e s , fe n c e d y a r d . W a lk to e le m e n ta ry s c h o o l. N o w lu s t 
$2o,9oo. 
E rie 
Nagel, 
696-533o, 
696-2712. 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

GREENBRIAR 
Im m a c u la te 3 b ed ro o m , 2 bath home. Huge covered patio. 1ox12 p lan ted g a rd e n . Y o u 'll lo ve it! 
$32,9oo. 344-3o78, nites 492-2831 
DON JO H NSO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

H E A D E D FOR T H E TO P? 
A new lifestyle aw aits you in this e x e c u tiv e F re n c h C h a te a u x in p r e s tig e N .W . a r e a . S p o tle s s split-tam ilv living and e n te rta in ­ ing w ith m aster dow n and 4 be­ droom s up plus a bonus room . 
Form al living ond dining room s, large fam ily room w ith firep lace, g reat big closets, in te rco m , self­ cleaning oven, custom drapes and a screened covered patio. All for 
$61,9oo. 
699 1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341-5423 
RED CARPET 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
Beautiful home on 5 tre e studded a c re s . L a r g e 3 b e d ro o m w ith study. Complete stables and area for arena. No city taxes. $125,ooo. 

Guy Chipman Co 

B E T W E E N U S A A A N D M E D 
C E N T E R , c arp e te d , 3 bedroom , paneled fa m ily room , larg e den, plus fo rm al living, a ll applianced kitchen, clubhouse, pool, and ten­ nis courts. $26,9oo F H A VA or as- j sum e $167. 681-o66o. 
RED CARPET 

BONUS 
Lovely c ry s ta l c h a n d e lie rs and custom d ra p e s in liv in g -d in in g orea. Don't m iss this e x tra nice 
3 2 2 on cul-de-sac in Shenandoah w ilh large backyard. 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
732-5968 
RED CARPET 

BV OWNER 
I Shenandoah, 3-2 2, m any extras. 
I Low 3o'S. 696-3668________ 
I i B Y O W N E R -U n iq u e C o nlem por- j 
I a r y h o m e In H e r ita g e F a r m .: 
1 3-bedrooms, 2' z baths Study loft 
-overlooks distinctive 2 story living 
! room with fireplace. F a m ily room ajoins large country kitchen. 21oo 
I sq. ft. 
NS schools. No a g e n ts .; 
I 674-2492____________________________ j 

! Bv O wner- U niversity Oaks. 3-2-2 and larg e livin g a re a , to, u tility 
I ro o m , e x te n d e d p a tio , p riv a c y 
< fence, $43,5oo. 696-78o6____________ j 
BY O W N E R , 3 1-1, 131 V A U G H N , o ff B a b c o c k R d . w o n d e r la n d a r e a . N e e d s in s id e p a in tin g , owner financed equity. 734-5283 or : 
736-6391.___________________________ - 
>675 CASH is all it takes to gel into tifu l c o n d itio n , n e a r s ch o o ls this beautiful 545,ooo hom e, C a r 
" 
‘ p e t, a p p lia n c e s , a n d 
F I R E 
P LA C E . Call now! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696 1412 

T f J J / I 
Pl I I C } G J J - IxH J I J U 
JI 
J A m 
C p n t u r v 2 1 
C 6 f l t u r y 2 1 
V 
C 
I 
I 
I 
U 
I y 
X 
I 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 

PIACC r o u x W A N I A o 
IN THI I X PRI SS N I WS 
C A I I 77S 16 6 6 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
S PA C E D O U T ? 
Live m odern w.th rooms lo spare al o down 'o-earth $4».9oci includ­ ing p riv a c y fenced, la n d s c a p e w a ll to w a ll p lush 
3 b e d ro o m p lu s ! 
To s ee , c a ll S o n y a a t 
H O M E O W N E R M A R K E T I N G 
SVC 349-4373 

341 7115 
R E A L T O R S 

V IL L A G E N O R T H 
Big 4 bedroom . 2 bath, den, double gut age, ^u .c .-o d p a tio , on B a r ­ rington near new post olfice site 
EHA, 
VA or assum e. 
349-65o3, 
654 6296 
Martha Worley Realtors 

B R A N D N E W C A R P E T in th is 3 -l-c o n v e r te d g a r a g e . 
C om pletely rep ain te d , paneling, new roof, I y ea r old, larg e patio in fenced yard. 
M U C H m ore! 
675 2152. 
RED CARPET 
R E A C TO R S 

ID R THI I A St I St RI SUI TS 
O N A W A N T AO 
IHC N U M 6 I R I O C A I I 
IS 7 7 5 1 6 6 6 
I X PRISS AN O M I W ) 

CASTLE HILLS 

2 lovely b rick i.om es to choose from in this desirable home a rea 
One 3 bedroom s the other 6 b e ­ drooms, both exceptional values. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M LS_________ 

Pi ACI TOUR W A N I AD 
IN I H I I XPRISS N I W 5 
C A I I 7 7 5 1 6 6 6 

• PERFECTION • 
French hom e w ith sunken living and dining rooms, (F P ). F a m ily room w ith expensive use of gloss, 
Saltillo tile, beam ed ceiling. 3-2-2 
Sunshine kitchen. N e a r M e d ica l 
Com plex. $59,75o. 826-2347. 
Thelma B. Pressman 

DRASTIC REDUCTION 
$4,5oo E quity or refinance. Sum - I md A rea. 4 2-2, 1oo% brick home on '* a cre fenced lot. No agents. 
69o-8312___________________________ 
E N C H A N T E D FO R E S T 
4 b e d ro o m , s p lit le v e l, la r g e j corner lot w ith large trees. Beau- i 

Priced low for this a rea . Call for inform ation 
FO R E S T OAKS 
Beautiful 4-2-2, huge living, dining plus fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e. 
Close to everything. Assume new loan Only $42,5oo 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
Lovely 3-2-2 w ith e xtra room for office or study. L arge yard, m any trees in prestige area. 
P riced 
$46,9oo 
H E L O T E S PA R K E S T A T E S 
Lovely w hite brick, 4-3-2 approx 
24oo sq It on beautiful % a c re lot with huge oaks. Assume 7% loan. 
Paym ents under $43o. $75,3oo 

C e n t u r y 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
_L 681-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

DON JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

HILLS O’ HELOTES 
W h e th e r yo u p r e fe r r u g g e d splendor, on a hillside, OR m a n ­ ic u re d g ro u n d s w ith f r u it a nd pecan trees— We have both under 
$6o,ooo. 
699-1ooo A nytim e 
Oeanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S -Turtle Creek Ole 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Solar home-1' z acres of ooks. 
Room for pool, tennis, horses 
Lovely 3 bedroom , 3 both, den, fireplace, patios. By ow ner. 
WH M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494-3644 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
T R A D lT IO N A L -b e a u tifu l liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m , c a t h e d r a l ceilings in large fam ily room w ith fir e p la c e , 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , c o ve red patio, lots ot b u ilt-in s , large corner lot. $57,5oo 
494-16o1 494-3o12 
REALTY WORLD 
COMPAS R E A L T Y 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Solar hom e-' j acres of oaks. 
Room for pool, tennis, horses. 
Lovely 3 bedt com , 3 bath, den, fireplace, patios. Bv owner 
W H M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494 3644 

o1867257 

oo764277 

o9326344 

17764999 

218 • HOOSfS-SOtfTHWFST 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 977 

 iHtiitiiMittiutuHiiti'iimiiHHnu.’ 
I 
SPECIAL REDUCED I 
PRICE 
| 

| ONLY \ I LEFT | 
I AT $44,2oo I 
= 
I s Extra large wooded '/i acre wood § s od Int. 4 ?-2 features banderol g s ted wood burning firepinre plus g 
= Wdll to wall carpeting, Mogic Chef s s oil electric kitchen, electric ■ 
= goroae door opener, full energy 5 
E saving packoge with all brick con- g 
£ strurtion located in prestigious * r OAK CRICK Conventional finan- S s Ling with 5% down. These homes * s will not be available for sidle bufo 5 s few days. Coll todoy 
" 

I TOM HOTMAN 
I 
I DOUG HOWARD I 
6 8 4-3 1 1 2 

T H U N D E R B IR D M ILLS 
Bv ow ner. J -i J, drapes, carpeted b u ilt m s, c o v e re d p a tio , b r it e 
BRO 
C o n v e n ie n t to U T S A and 
M edical C enter Low 3o's 681 2oo3 

USE Y O U R VA for purchase or Ibis ch arm in g 4 b e d ro o m , J b a th ho m e in n ic e n e iq h b o rh o o d . F u lly e q u ip p e d g a rd en k itch e n , w a te r softe n e r, storage building. $3o,SOO. 
R E A L T O R 
691 UDO 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 
N EW LY LISTED 
Pfvifc ham**, 4«3V», wet bar, targe pool. 
7 ftreptace*f seporote living and dining areas, forge den, game room, patios. Owner transferring* Shown by appt* 
Only* 
H O LL Y W O O D PARK 
NEW HOME, oil rock, 4 o o o cg. H. 4 -3 ' 3-2, form al living and dining area*, gourm et kitchen, atrium. 
5 patio*. 
M atter m ite with hi* and her tub and shower. Old world charm. 
Open 
2 till dark daily. 2o5 VOIGT 
C O LO NIAL 2-5T O K Y 
New ly crofted 
4 -3 -2 , separate master r.u**c, paneled den with fireplace, covered pet*©, w et bar, ceder shake roof* 3of>o s<$. ft. Vi acre corner lot. 
FRENCH DESIGN 
New custom built 4*214*2,' large living area 
3 o * 2o, separate fam ily room with fireplace, w et bor, sunken both, corner lot. 
DALE RHEY REAL ESTATE 
494-3541 
REAITORS 

NORTH STAR HULS 
1 oo % rock 
3 *2* I „ central heat and air, patio, privacy fence, liv in g room , fa m ily room. Assum e and refinance. 
HITES 3 4 9 * 4 4 3 6 
NO CITY TAXES 
*-« Brick 3 - 1 - 3 w ith d ra ttin g a ra a in m a .ta r b e d ro o m , 
.in g le liv in g a re a w ith firep lace, b u ilt-in kitchen, cath e d ra l coding, p a tio , d^ajset. 
O p en fo rm .. 
Low 

MITES o 5 6 -41 SO 
$2ooo BELOW MARKET 
3 -1 VV-1 In D o er Sun. Priced re a lly la w fo r quick 
.a la . 
$ 19 ,8o o. N i m 3 4 o -4 8 3 6 . 
CALL 4 9 4 -5 5 7 1 

WESTWOOD VILLAGE 
Titan 3 bedroom. IVV both home in a highly desirable aren Centro! ok heat, fenced yoni Convenient to school., bases and shopping centai. 
. 

9719 FIVE FORKS 
ThiyLunirious4 herlroogR^'; b a ^ tw m e 4 n |ja § s H.HBs hefflpM i i r ’i c j r e l fu H '* q u » 

 ftrlw iT and o ates? heated pool Open Terms. VA appraised of 548,25o 

FOR DETAI15 AND VIEWING 
CAII 673-5o83 ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

BEAUTIFUL LAKESIDE 
Something spec*© Iff 
3 bedrerm s, 7 dec«f#4©f bnths. form ©! hyin g ©r dining m o m pius spocinus den with fo rg e b m p l WCO, ap p lian ces, p riv a c y fam e. C all to see this carpet­ ed beauty. 
Convenient to 
K elly m o 
Lackland. 
N it** 
6 2 6 -7 6 6 4 . 
LO W LO W EQUITY 
Im m a c u la te cmd 
.p atien ts d e .c .'b e * this 4 - 3 - 3 b e a u ty In la k e s id e . 
Low e q u ity and assum e 
$ 3 3 4 m o n th ly p aym en ts. 
This w o n 't last long. N lta t 6 3 6 - 4 7 8 1 . 
OAT OE NIGHT 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

B O E R N E 

• OCK 
H O M E. 
3 - 3 - 3 , m OM- a w d k.ok I H acre., netty cento! 
•mixrot Ste TOO 

COUNTRY HOMES, 3 - 3 - 3 , e t * view., w k t ceestrvctiee des.-!* Ink md knelt, ihepiec.. rn I cm, S err. 
H ell b k t SS J,TOO 

LARGE ACREAGE, to >• MO e a t. ie E« i6«<i wwi le n d e r , ( e s. JVS# c a . 

ACREAGE SIZE 
H O M E SIT E S 
6 IO aer# tracts, loaded 
2o minutes from downtown 
Mkt trees on mony sites. Attrncfive financing. Take IH 37 South, to 
1518 Turn right end follow rood to sign • Spanish Grant Sub­ division 
Salesmen on duly weekends 2 p m til dock 
344-62o7 
684-433o 

Just 14 m i. south of 41o$. 4 b e ­ d ro o m s . 3 b a th s , den w ith f i r . place, s w im m in g , fis h in g , h u n t­ in g . J E R R Y B A C O N , R E A L ­ 
T O R S 
1-743 338 3, 
6 2 2 -1 3 2 3 , 
622 3/35. *22 3795 
R M G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
343 M A IN 
B O E R N E , T E X A S 
219-2678, 249-3545. 149 3546 
S ecluded 53 7 ? i A c re s , 8.6 m i1." 
It am Ktadenia Jim Ashley R eally 
276-7774 
SEE AO CO UITT A y H O M E A N D 
IN C O M E ' 
U N D E R B U S IN E S S 
O PPS , CLA SS SOI, S U N 
M O N . 
TU E S E X P R E S S - N EW S________ 

BOERNE TEXAS AREA 
DKP IOT off IH-1o has olmosl new stucco and ceder Home with beautiful, redwood decks! 3 bedrooms. J berths’ ,. , extra- spacious hying area has cathedral ceiling, fireplace and wet bar. Built in kitchen, privacy fence 
Double garage.. attic storage! SS8.8oo. 
BEAUTIFULLY 
LANDSCAPED home in lovely Chaparral (reek, has oil brick construction ... 3 bedrooms. J baths Living room 
21*14 plus separate dining room! Carpeting Ihruout Built in kitchen. $51,2oo. 
OVER 4Vi ACRES! Beautiful, oil brick heme with pool and patio formol living room Nos rais­ ed dining aren 
. richly panel­ ed family room 
19*15 has fabulous, rock fireplace and opens to a large patio 
4 bedrooms, 
2Vt baths. 
Every possible amenity plus horse stalls, bams and fencing for your horses1 $96,6oo 
A PLACE TO BUILD YOUR 
OWN! 
Lovely acreage, off 
Walnut Grove Road, has elecrici- ty ond telephone connections. 
Appro* 9 726 acres. $3o,2oo. 

C o ll 3 4 4 - o o 2 2 

Century 21 

E L A IN E L U D W IG A A S 5oC 
SMALL ACREAGE Tracts In 
M o u n tain Sp.,rig Farm s. 
HILL COUNTRY REALTY 
424 Mam St., Boerne. TX. 
512) 249-2o31 Collect 

V a te n c ia -B v o w n e r. 4-2-2, 1938 sa lf., fo rm a l liv in g -d in in g rom room with fireplace, 656-4*22 a fte r 
Spin. No agents. 7% VA. SSI,SOO 
W A L K TO C H U R C H IL L , E ls e n hauer ond e le m e n ta ry schools! 4 bedroom , 2 bath hom e bos living, d in in g and fa m ily ro o m s ...tr e e shaded, p riva c y fenced yard. 
$49,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

D EA R IE 
OWENS CO 
REALTORS—Mi5 
'N. West Oft, 

G E T A W A Y F R O M IT A L L ! 
T arp ley, Tx. 8 a cre , 2 bedroom , 7 b a th hom e, la rg e fa m ily room w ith fir e p la c e , s w im m in g pool with sun deck fenced in vegetable aa rode n. com pletely surround by gorgeous view et H ill C ountry, all this for $48,5oo 

 f. adeling sights on b e au tifu l old, flowing creek w ith m ajestic oaks to shade your re tre a t, OR relax in the high hills w ith breath to t mg 4o m ile view s. T ra n q u illity , only 16 m ile s N .W . a f L o o p 16o4. See 
F R E E D O M S P R IN G S R A N C H 
Anytim e. Call collect. Ranch A C. 
(S12> 535-4391, 547 SOU, or S.A. 
121-783o 
_______________________ 

WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

L A K E S ID E S U B -D IV IS IO N 
Lovely 4-2-2, near 41o. F irep la ce , carpet, appliances. $4oo m e m ust lee. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
675-1691___________________ 673-491o 
GRAND OPENING 
APRIL 29-MAY I 

W hispering Oaks G ard en Hom e, 
2288 sq. ft., custom g a m c ro o m , c o n te m p o ra ry . 563,9oo. 346-3471 
Niles 341-7697. 
BOB B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

P R E T T Y AS A P IC T U R E 
Cleon 7 bedroom hom e located In 
Los Angeles Hqls, betw een West 
Ave and Blanco. P e rfe c t s ta rte r home Only 519.6oo. Open term s 
TO W N H O U SE BY L A K E 
N ew to m a rk e t b e a u tifu l 3-2, 2 story home w ith form a* living and dining, fire p la c e , com plete e le c ­ tric kitchen plus w as h e r, d ry e r, 
’ow fee of 5112 covers all utilities and association tees. Use of large h e a le d p ool, te n n is c o u rt a nd fishing lake. A bargain at 541,5oo 

Century 21 
W H IT E H E A O -H O L L IO A Y 
N e a r M c C r e le s s . B r a n d n e w , w alk to M cCreiess from this love­ ly 3 bedroom home. C entral heat, g a ra g e , p ric e d a t only 521,9oo. 
Call Olqa 
ERA 
JACK MITCHEL! 
532-31o7 
R ealto r 
673-o1o8 

 r SCHOOL S OUT! * 

 and it will soon be hot! Roto* in this IMMACULATE centrally air conditioned 3 bedroom, 2 both home with 
MANY, 
MANY 
EXTRAS! 
May be assumed or refinance. Call 
NOW Tor more details . . . 

BOS ^G IN N IS { f f e A 
REALTORS 
'6 7 3 -p l 

W M IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 
681 o3oo______________ R E A L T O R S 
S O U TH 
J 'r A cres or m ore, alt utilities, term s. 626 1 544___________ us-H om e 
A nsw er: T here ore still plenty of them ! lf yours is one ■ you'll ap ­ preciate this w ell built home with a one cnr g a rag e This IOO'1, brick beauty is easy to show ond easy to buy. so call today to see It. 
KEY GROUP 
6 A c res H ill To p 
N ic e T r e e * , e le c tric ity , sep tic ta n k p e rm it, 
52o.ooo with 53.ooo down, balance 
2o y ea rs at |V »% . F o r sale and financed by ow ner. 
695-32o5; 
695-89o5. 
______________________ 

 lh * to 3 ac, all utilities 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
Spo> Ming w a fe r on G uadalupe ” 
11.7 ocres, cvpress-p«ra n frees 
492-9436 H Castle R ealty 733-46o? 

LOW A S S U M P TIO N S 
M A R S H A L L H I A R E A 
B R A U N S TA TIO N 
3-2-2, single living a rea with fire ­ place. 
P aym ents under 
538o. 
543,8oo 
C A N T E R F IE L D 
Pretty IOOo, rock 3-2-2, paym ents under S27o. P riced at 535,9oo 
OAK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
Lovely 4-2-2, m ony g re at features. 
Priced in tow 4o's. H u rry to see this 

OPP W W. W H IT E 
N e a t 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th hom e 
Nothing down, paym ents only 
5186. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
67S-1691___________________ 342-7435 

344-62o7, 684-433o A nytim e 
N E W L IS T IN G 4-7’ j-2 on shady 
'? acre, s p rin k le re d and fenced lot. B e a u tifu l c o u rty a rd e n tr y , shake ro o f, w e th e r , fir e p la c e , plush c a rp e t, s e p a ra te m a s te r suite with p rivate patio. 

7 H IG H ACR ES 
Com plete point of hill w ith large custom 4-2’ *-2, 2 fireo laces. den and living a rea that looks out over c o u n try in a ll d ir e c tio n s , this m a g n ific e n t p r o p e r ty o n ly 
$165,ooo We also hove 5 proper ties with acreage and homes teem 
554,ooo 

R E A L T O R S -N West Ofc 
Oak V illage N orth-B v O w ner 
Three y ea r old. rock home on iv * a c r e . C a th e d r a l c e ilin g H y in g a r e a , b a r o o e n ln g la k itc h e n , la rg e fire p la c e , fo rm a l d in in g , m a c ra m e c u rta in e d 2o' m a s te r b e d ro o m w ith b a lc o n y . L a r g e deck. C arpeted. All electric, 3-2-2. 
B argain of *72,5oo. t5 M in, to city. 
281 North to F M road 1843, right 
2' i miles, left to 3o754 Oak Ridge 
(C orner Oak V o lle y !. I 438 29o6 

 f t y C h p m a n C k . 
O P P W W 
W H IT E 
B ric k 3 b e ­ d ro o m s . b e a u tifu l c a r p e t. No down VA. H u rry ! 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 349-9278 

1426 E l P a s o , 7 ro o m h o u s e , 
56.ooo 
H enry, 732-9163 
5PM to 
SPM. 

H A R L A N D A L E A R E A 
O ld e r style duplex. Close lo shopoiiia a n d bus. O w n e r w ill fin a n c e , 
515,ooo. 923-4327, 924-1968 
Ronald Williamson 

W h is p e r in g O a k s -B y O w n e r . 
5-3' j-2 Tudor, w oodshake roof, on beautiful corner lot, 9o oaks, prof lan d sc ap in g , s p rin k le r sys te m . 
31oo+ sq.ft., a n a lity d e co ra tin g , w riter s o fte n e r, w et b a r, m a n y extras. 51o8,ooo. 492-1914_______ _ 
Century 21 
O N B L U F F o v e r lo o k in q g o lf course. M ag n ific en t 2 story con­ tem porary with pool. « bedroom s, study, living, dining, and g a m e r com. View s! V iew s! V iew s! 

R E A LTO R S 

O VE R !> A C R E 
Plus beautiful 3-7-2 w ith cen tral heat and a ir. O w ner w ill finance. 
C all E m ery today 
537-3252 
N IT E S 533-16o5 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
7113_______________R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A O -H O L L ID A Y 
Century 21 
CHINA GROVE 
AREA 

I-A ACRES, * GAS. WATER AND 
LIGHTS. PAVED ROADS. 

WILSON CO. 

2o 48 ACRES. SOME COASTAL, 
WATER 

M 8-333o 648-o448 
LG. RIPPS, REALTY 

E L E G A N T RO CK H O M E on % acre. Deck off fo rm al living and dining room overlooks gorgeous pool area. M aster suite up. 3 be drooms and gam eroom down. 

W hitehead-Holiday 
48* 3711 
R E A L T O R S 
H ill Country 5 a cre s 
*«25 down paym ent. 566 3o per m onth M any trees, rolling hills. O w ner financ­ ing a v a ila b le . C a ll fo r a p p o in t­ m ent 734-7964____________________ 

681 o3oo_______________R E A L T O R S 

LOW E Q U IT Y . M ust be spring! 
Homes a re selling like hotcakes, so w ill this new listing, close to 
M e d ica l C e n te r, 3 b e d ro o m s. 2 baths, fireo laced den, deluxe a p ­ pliances. C harm thru-out, ow ner transferred. 

Century 21 
GUADALUPE 
RIVER TRACTS 

Only a few left. 

Wide river - white water.- near Bergheim. Between I and 
2 acres from 
$ 15 ,oo o . 5% down. 12 years to pay at 8% simple interest. APR 8% . 

S m art front porch to this brick I s to ry , 4-2-2. L a rg e liv in g a re a , g lo s s e d to p a tio a n d p r iv a c y grounds. A s su m a b le loan . 5265 m onthly. 826-2347. 

P ric e re d u c e d to *34,ooo fo r c 
NOW S E L L ! H e re s a fa n ta s tic buy 3-2 with gorage converted to s pacious fa m ily ro o m . A m ost c o m p le te h o m e -e v e n th e fr ig re m a in s . E A S Y A S S U M P T IO N 
5277 mo. W O W !! 328-4343, eves 
341-o416 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
O u ts ta n d in g 4 b e d r o o m s , ?'> baths or 3 bedroom s and study. 
L u x u ry fe a tu res include Roman tub, dual heat and a ir system and 
I w alk in closets Ail on o huge double lot c o v e re d w ith o a k s !! 
598,9oo 342-4177, rates 492-1113. 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N 
1o8 
T r a ilc r e s t. 4 b e d ro o m c o n te m ­ p o ra ry , I liv in g a re a , e le v a te d treed tot Choose your color! 

O w n e r m u s t s a c r ific e o v e r 4 acres, one a* the most breath tak­ ing views in the H ill Country. See, a n d you w ill b u y . M u s t s e ll quickly, Call M r Wood, 497-3751, eves 822 9355 
Fake up paym ents on *« a cre Mw to r hom e b u ild in g 
W a te r, c ity utilities M r. F e tte r, 479-7229. 

122 126 128-13o R A N G E R S 
(Southeast Son Antonio) D enver 
Heights. I SO’X I so' lot. including o 
2 bedroom hom e and an 8 room duplex and a 4o' lot for expansion 
Only *16.75o, term s. O w ner retir- ing. Kelley s 433 6642, 737-5719. 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 M ain St. 
Boerne, Tx 
(512)249-2o31 Collect 

H O M E IN T H E H IL L S 
E x e c u tiv e h o m e in th e H ill 
Country with o 4o m ile view . Less than I y ear old w ith over 25oo sa. ft. of living a re a . Located on 27 acres lust IS m iles from Loop 
16o4 
Call Riley Flynn. 
N iles 698 7842 
5149,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6395 

R A IN B O W H IL L S . N ic e 3 b e ­ d ro o m *, den, I 1? baths, c e n tra l heat-air, w all to w all capet, larqe c o v e re d o o tio . E q u ity o r r e fin ­ ance. M onthly paym ents *197, int. 
B V total price 526,ooo C H A R L E S 
W A TTS R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732-5355, 228-91o4._________________ 

JUST C O M P L E T E D 22o Alcalde 
M oreno. White brick tra d itio n a l, 
4-2’ i i with light and a iry colors throughout. 
Alm osl 
25oo s o ft. 
589.5oo. 
C A LL 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A LTO R S __________________ MUS 
H O L L Y W O O D 
P A K K -B V 
O W N E R . E x c e p tio n a l v a lu e . 
P restigious 3 y eo r young hom e. 
O ne flo o r 2,5 o o s q .ft. 
P o o l. 
P riv a cy fence, sp rin k ler. O w ner anxious. 494-5349 tor appointm ent. 

H O L M E S H IG H S C H O O L, 3-2-1, 
53oo dn, 52S5 mo - Jut paym ents. 
J » -I R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
H O N E Y M O O N C O TTA G E 
New on m a rk e t. C harm ing 3 be­ d ro o m , I b a th h o m e in n ic e neig h b o rh o o d . F a n ta s tic a r c h i­ tecturally designed patio. $19,5oo 
R E A LTO R 
691 13oo 

342-31)1 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 

H E R IT A G E F A R M . O versized I bedroom , 2 bath on la rg e land s­ caped lot, a ll applionced kitchen, open term s or assum e *234 m onth with low, low equity. 681-o66o. 

2 to 4 a c r e * n o r th . M o b ile s , h o rs e s , o k . 55o d o w n , 5 35 .85 m onthly. IO years M agee 342-25)6 
24 to 83 ocres, i . B exar, utilities, 
5775 a cre , by ow ner, 922-2627 

C U S T O M D E C O R A T E D . 4-2-2, fa m ily , liv in g , d in in g , u tility . 
Hobby room ond huge c o v e re d patio with gas grill. M any extras. 
555,9oo By owner. 684 2681_______ 

B IL L S O U T H E R N 

• • • W H Y R E N T ? • • • 
B U Y -N o th in g dow n to a n y o n e ! 
E as y to q u a lity . 2, 3, ond 4 b e ­ droom s, som e w ith a p p lia n c e s . 
C a ll n ow ! H a b lo m o s E s p a n o l. 
923 19o4, 923 52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

34 AC EAST CENTRAL 
3-1-2, big trees, fenced yard e xtra lot has septic, utilities 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
N W of Son A n to n io in S e x o r , 
Com al, K endall Co s. 1-18- acres or M ore 

West northwest location with large 

 living room, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 

 workshop, combination dining- 

 fomily room. Close to shopping AND 

 schools LOW 2o s. 

M IS SIO N TR A C E 
I bedrooms, fireplace, m ust see to a p p re c ia te . A ll the lu x u rie s of good life. $64,ooo. 696-1412 

3 bedroom d u ly built for the whole fam ily. 2o ft. den, separate living room , dining w ith built-ins. re f., stove ond dishw asher. *23,7oo. 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
Roiling Rtaoe, O w ner, 4 2-2, 1944 sq ti Upper jiO 'S 684-8554 

L a rg e t r a c t N o r th o u t 281, IS m ile s 
O a k s , goo d s o il, 585oo. 
R obert S m ith, B ro k e r 698-2o93. eve 494-6667._______ __ 

Woods of Shavano, bv ow ner, 3-2, 
2 fire p la c e s , m a n y e x tra s , 4527 
Cypress Woods. 559,9oo. 492 1881. 

3 Houses on 4 acres. V itia te ! and 
S. Z a rzam o ra 
By O w ner Jam es 
W illiam s. 1-598-5134.____________ 

3-2-2, patio, fence, no city tax 
878-o665 
736-1766 
675 o629 
W ATSO N 8. S O N N IE ALT ORS 
K e r r v ille V ic in it y : 2o A c re s . 
Sem i-finished 5 room s, screened porch, m odern utilities. W ell ond sto ra g e ta n k , d e e r and tu rk e y . 
525,ooo cash. Shown by appoint­ m ent only. 654-1675. 

LA N D IN H IL L C O U N T R Y 
Wild gam e in rolling valley 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333-1163 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 

LAR G E B U IL D IN G S IT E 
I m ile north from Loop 1*o4 N W d esired lo ca tio n , deep soil ond wooded a rea . W ater, e le c tricity , and ohone P aym ents of *54.34 at 
7®o s im p le in te re s t a fte r s m all down pm t. Les F e lle r, 679-7229 

RO O M FO R A L L 
Y our fam ily, friends. 4-2' r-2, 3 big livin g a re a s , a u ie t tre e -s h a d e d street. Convenient 5W Research, 
SW M edical. W alk to school. 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828 7521 
oo9 M C G IN N IS 
REALTORS j 
V 349 -6 3 1 I 

T w o s to ry , c u s to m b u ilt. 4 b e ­ dro o m ,, ?' * baths, approx 
2,ooo sa. ft. s w im a n d te n n is c lu b , professionally landscaped, near schools. 
349-1436 A nytim e 

Honor yourselves bv m oving into 
D ellview . 3-1 la rq e den, c a rp e t, lenced. u til room O pen te rm s , m ake otter, reduced $26,5oo. 

*98 244o 
B R O K E R 
GRAND OPENING 
A P R IL 29• 
MAY I 

5 ACRE TRACTS AT 
CANYON LAKE 
Just rig h t lo t 
“ Don't 
Fence M e In '' folks! Lake facilities, boat ramps, stores and schools near by. 
Panoramic views, many large 
O ak trees. 
Selling 3 o % below m ar­ ket value. Terms to suit. 
For appointment please call. 
497-3571 or 1-899-2181 

A C R E A G E 
T R A C T S 
- 
N e a r 
Boerne, Pipe Creek, D evine and 
L avernia 
664-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

3 bedroom , liv in g room , w alt to w all carpeted, large fa m ily room , central heat ond a ir, V A -F H A . 

Century 21 
N E A R M A R S H A L L H I 
C ontem porary. Single living a re a w ith fir e p la c e . 3 b e d ro o m s , 3 b a th s , c a r p e te d on d d r a p e d , built-in elec. kitchen w ith re frig . 
Low equity. 54o,5oo. 
R E A LTO R 
691 13oo 

(O V E R 51oo,ooo) 
*149$ ■ N am e your te rm *. As low as *35 p e r m onth. H R G R E A L 
E S T A T E . 733-13o9 or 497-3584 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC 
IN C , R E A L T O R S 
U n lil w e can w ork out the details, fo r a sm all in ve s tm e n t th a t w ill m o v e you info a ho m e of y o u r o w n . A n y o n e c a n b u y th e s e 
G o ve rn m e n t O w ned hom es. Fin ancm g available. 
673 2271 

M A R Y 
M O N T 
E X C L U S IV E . 
U nique c o n te m p o rary surrounds g o rg e o u s fr e e f o r m p o o l. C u s ­ to m iz e d fe a tu r e s in c lu d e c o m p le te e x e r c is e ro o m w ith s au n a a n d w h irlp o o l. C a ll fo r fu r t h e r d e ta ils a n d s p e c ia lly prepared brochure. 

Y O U 'R E N O T D R E A M IN G ! All brick 3 2-1 on corner lot. carpeted, d ra p ed and a ll a p p lia n c e s . Lee 
High School for 559oo equity. 
G ASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o-899o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 

H U O a n c VA a c q u ir e d hom es throughout the cltv. 
Area reprcsenta lives. 
924 42o9 
A LL R E A I T Y 
533-7°87 to look al and lovely to own. This 4 bedroom - two story hom e has all 
•be e xtra s of a lu x u ry hom e ex­ cept for the p rice! Only $64,9oo for all ot these fe a tu res ; 4 huge be­ droom s, 2'? baths, w et b a r, fo r­ m a l d in in g , fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e and m a n y b u ilt-in s . 
Much m ore that you m ust see to a p p reciate. Call or stop by Sun­ day - open 2 to 6. 
684-433o 344-62o7 A nytim e 

G o rg eo u s w ooded lot, o v e r an a cre . P aved streets, e le c tric ity , telephone, no city taxes, yet very close in. M inutes fro m U TS A , Med 
C enter, USAA. $5995. O w n er fin- nncing. B IL L E S S E X 341-5941. 

I'M L O N E L Y , M y ow ners left m e vacant. I can otter 4 bedroom , 2 baths, a gorage, c en tral air-heat, cornet and covered patio tor only 
53ooo equity and assum e 7% VA loon. P a y m e n ts o n ly 5194 m o 
W alking distance to school; and c lo s e to L a c k la n d K e lly . C a ll 
828-8195. R E A L T O R S 

Century 21 
2o9 Acres on County Road 
House 
Well Barns - Pens Joins Large 
R anch * Good H u n tin g • O w ner 
Financed. Good Term s - Call 512 • 
257-5369, A fter 6:oo P M __________ 

E L A IN E L U Q W IG & ASSOC 
Beautiful J bedroom , I bath home on 8 '. acres Call 1-742-8931 After 
5, all day Sat. 
____ 

E X E C U T IV E H O M E on 2 acres o v erlo o k in g C anyon C re e k G olf 
Course. 5-3’ i, larg e fa m ily room . 
W etbar, separate dining, gourm et kitchen. 

R E A L IORS-Sec. Svc. Ole 
N E A R U TSA ! lovely 3-2 2 (or only 
536o total m ove in Won t last! Call today! 922-2173, 673-47)4, 675-9294. 
P A T M C V E Y P E A L E S T A T E 

A~Beau!lful 
A F IR E P L A C E and in te rio r rock w o rk p r iv a c y b r e a k fa s t p a tio g race this 3 bedroom cottage near bases. Low equity of only 525oo a nd ass u m e p a y m e n ts of o n ly 
52o5. New listing, won t lost lonq! 
681 o66o 

SE, on Sulphur Springs Rd. Ideal retirem ent hom esite for houses or m o b iles. Lots of tre e s , g a rd e n soil. O w n e r fin a n c e d , w ith low down paym ent. 
J IM 
L E E R , 
684-3o44. 

Needs repairs, 4 bedroom , 7 bath, apt garage, 518oo equity, assum e 
511,7oo 537 W M u lb e rry 344 299Q. 

•H IL L S ID E LO T 
B E A U T IF U L 
View • *14oo E asy Term s 
•L a rg e Lot - T re e s -N e o r to k e 
An * boat ra m p 
Easy T erm s 
Capt. E. J o n e s 
923-6211 
_ 

N E A R N E W L A K E 
S A L E F O R C E L E T US D O W . 
Now offered by builder, 2 luxu ry ty p e h o m e a t 
“ no w a y r e ­ placem ent cost. House open call collect for details and directions. 
249 2332, 249-2382, 735 3634 SA 

IO ACR ES w ith lake overlooking entire city. L arge w ell m aintained older hom e. Pool, kennels, and out-buildir.gs. northeast schools. 

611 KOEHLER CT. 
B e a u tifu l 
3 b e d ro o m h om e on a 3 7 o ft. lo t. Spacious liv ­ ing a ra a . Flush c a rp e t, cen­ tra l h e a t, la rg e co v e re d p a tio , lots o f a x tra s . 
Call now ! 
HIGHLANDS 
Custom b u ilt hom es. 
3 bed ro o m s, 
2 tile beths, spacious livin g dining co m ­ bin atio n . 
1 9 * 1 4 fa m ily room , plush carp e tin g . 
Too many extras to mention. 
C a ll n o w ! ! ! 
532-5245 n it e s 3 3 3 - 3 9 8 8 . 
^ 

D E A N IE 
OWENS CO. 

REAUOKS— MIS 

S . S os! O fc . 

5 + A cres, oui of the ranch con­ ta in in g the h e a d w a te rs of the 
“ L IT T L E B LA N C O ’*. 53,875. 1o%. 
2o y e a r s to p a y a t 8 % . B IL L 
H U G H E S , B R O K E R . 822 1236 . 

R E A LTO R S B andera Rd Ofc 

J E F F E R S O N A R E A 
3-2, fo rm a l liv in g d in in g room fam ily room , den, fireplace. 
R A N C R S S T R E A L T Y 433 6676 

AN A C R E O F O AKS in Shavano 
P ark, 4 bedroom , fo rm a l dining 14 
X 16. paneled living a re a adjoins delightful garden room . 
Im m aculate. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A LTO R S ____________ 
ML-S 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S ...C o lo m a! 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e has shag c a rp e tin g , fo rm a l liv in g , d ining room s...paneled fom ilv room with fireplace. Covered patio! 
545, VOO 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

Q u ie t c u l-d e -s a c in W o o d s of 
S h a v a n o . T w o s to ry , s p lit b e ­ d ro o m p la n w ith fir e p la c e . 
Fenced with beautiful established y a r d . S h a d e d p a tio o ff la r g e fa m ily room . 558,2oo. 344-3o78, rates 492-9917. 
DO N JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

 is all the cash you'll need. Anyone con buy! 3-4 bedroom s, 2 baths. 
Some with a ir and att appliance*. 
Paym ents less (hon rent! 
BOB D eP A O LO 
532-5251 
R E A L T O R 
LO TS O F RO O M 
N e o r W itfo r d H a ll in H e r tig e 
Form s, large Ibvely 4-2* ?-2, tirpe- piace in den, fo rm a l areas. H ave 
22 both w ell m aintained. *48,5oo 

Low Taxes Plus Country Llvlnq 
4 Bedroom brick w ith 2'» baths, c a rp e te d , c e n tra l h e at and a ir, dishw asher, re frig e ra to r, range and oven. 14 m iles fro m San An­ tonio on IV * a c re s , la rg e trees, 
24 x24' den w ith 24 x36 covered p a tio . *4 9,o oo . C a ll 1 -742-3*53. 
Nothing down lo G E. Also hove 
•wo bedroom s w ith two baths on I pere for *29,5Uo.___________________ 

Texas V eterans Land A vail 
344-6268 
923-5844 
695-3113 
A M E R IC A N A • n o th in g d o w n , 
4-2-1, a ir fe n c e, p a y m e n t *235. 
F irs t paym ent in July. 
674-612 6________ R & c R eal Estate 

A R E A O F L A C K L A N D • 3 be droom b e a u ty ! O n ly $18o to ta l m ove in! Like new! No credit? No p ro b le m ! C a ll to d a y ! 922-2173, 
675-9274, 673-4714 
P A T MC V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

A B E A U T IF U L P A R K of y o u r own at M e d in a Lake w ith nice homes. 
*84-4211 
1-751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

J E F F E R S O N S C H O O L A R E A , c a rp e tin g , 3-2-2 w ith fire p la c e , d ra p e s , a nd m ost a p p lia n c e s . 
12x1? greenhouse. All for 538,ooo on open term s. Call 828-8195 ask for Thelm a R E A L T O R S 

C ountry hom e on tw o b e a u tifu l w ooded o c res . Tw o m ile s (ro m d o w n to w n B o e rn e . T h is 4 b e ­ droom , 2 both hom e has m any e xtras including w a te r softener, intercom , custom drapes in livinq ana fam ily room *. B arn and tack room. Priced to sell in low 7o'*. 
Boerne, Tx. 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C - 
2o A cres at 5695 a cre , off 281N, 
P re tty o a k *, e x c e lle n t hu n tin g 
Jim Ashley Real E state 684-4276 

5o8 ocres on Canyon Lake. W oter 
\ and e le c tric ity a v a ila b le . $85oo. 
Owner b lu n te d 379 6949 
129 A CR ES 
W ith c r e e k , la k e , c a b in n e a r 
Boerne. 
CO O KE 
R E A L T Y 
923-27)2 

BY O W N E R 
FO R S A LE OR L E A S E 
M E O N A L A K E 
14x65 2 bedroom tra ile r w ith at­ tacher) 1ox3o panelled porch on *» pere wooded lot. 
344-1o73, 
! • ,,5-441 J. i L u o v o n tOOFt w a te r fro n t lot, j V illage- West, S89oo. 658-426o_____ i C a n y o n L u k e , p r e s tig e o u * la - 
I k e v ie w ho m e 563,ooo. W eekend 
* hom e *21 SOO L a ke v ie w lots *25o'* j ond *45oo. W a te rfro n t lots SIO,SOU and 5)4,ooo. 
Lakehom e R ealty, j 1-964-319o. 
____________ ___ 

5 A c re s , B la n c o . T x . No dow n p a y m e n t *49 so mo. Jim Ashley 
Really 226 
/74 
____________ 
Century 21 

A T T E N T IO N ! 
B ellaire and M cC ollum residents! 
C a ll now to r F R E E m a rk e t a n ­ alysis. No obiigtation, or drop bv lie W Hutchins. 924-4253 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

JUST L IS T E D . A nifty in the low 
SO S. 3 b e d ro o m b r ic k r a n c h 
Study could be 4th bedroom , for­ m al a rea , fa m ily room w ith fire ­ place, oak treed lot greenhouse, pool and tennis co u rts in a re a . 
Call today 

Alm ost An A c re ! 59oo w ith only 
*1oo down, 536.18 per m onth for 24 months nt 8% APR. L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 142 1661 

W hitehead-Hohdov 
684 1711_______________ R E A L T O R S 
LOW E Q U IT Y 
Acor ox. *2,675 assum es the 8‘ >°» 
VA loan on thi like -n e w 3-2-2 in 
H e rita g e F a r m . C c m o ie te w ith w a s h e r, d r y e r , r e fr ig ., s m o ke a la rm , drapes. 53oo a mo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC. 
N E A R L A C K L A N D , b e a u tifu l 3 bedroom hom e w ith garage, cen­ tra l a ir, ond all appliances P rice reduced, paym ents of 5156, con be assum ed w ith reasonable down 
674-5411 

3 bedroom , l'» bain, new carpet, re frig e ra to r, stove, d ish w asher, a ll u n d e r 2 y rs . old 
B e a u tifu l y a rd . 7% VA assum e 
N o rth of 
Loop 41o off B lanco Rd. O w ner- 
Aoent 344-9952___________________ 

242 S 
M ain_____________ I -249-2678 

B O E R N E 
O v e r IS A c re s w ith h u n tin g c o n in a n d s p r in g s . 
5 2 2 ,5 o o . 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
RE A LT T 224 7171_________________ 

BY O W N E R , 3 bedroom , I bom home on I 1: acres. 1-426-3561 

 close *n w ith w ater, ready to build on. huge oak trees, horses ok. Call 
Benny 
M a lin e * 
497-3753 or 
824-o85o___________________________ 
S E L E N E C O O N T R Y L IV IN G 
Spacious Soanisn house w ith over 
I acre. M ust see this one. 349-1479 
Hector J. H erbeck Inc., Realtors 
S H A V A N O P A R K 
I acre, over 3ooo sa ft of elegant livin g , 4 bed ro o m s, e x tra la rg e fam ily room , 2 living areas. Just reduced. 
5115,ooo. 
Call now! 
696-1412 

NO C IT Y T A X E S 
F u lly c a rp e te d 3-2-2, la rg e den, living a rea , 2' j years old, all lux­ u ry e x tra s , L eon V o lle y a r e a . 
Only $36,9oo. H ave 4 others from 
528.5oo. Call today 
LOW E Q U IT Y plus no city taxes, O ff B a n d e ra 
Rd. 3 bediuom , 2 bath, carpeted ail luxu ry e x tra *. 
Total only 
524,95o. 
F O R E S T OAKS 
AM brick 4 2-2, big den, living and d in in g . F u liv c a r p e te d , fe n c e a ro u n d p re tty tre e d y a rd . Low interest. 543,5oo 

IO A cres, east of B ianco, s m all house good lop soil. Jim Ashley 
R eal E state 6 M -4276_______ _ 
7 A cres, 781 H w y 46, B e a u tifu l building site. m obile hom e OK, 
653-1137____________ 

6 a c re s L u c h en b o ch 
B e a u tifu l la n d in h e a r t of L u c h e n b a c h c o u n try . S54o dow n p a y m e n t 
$84.23 per m o O w ner fin an cin g for inform ation and appointm ent, 
Coll 734-9363______________________ 
IO Acres, 4o m i. from 41o N, flat with cedar and oaks. Jim Ashley 
Beal Estate 684 4276______________ 

Beautiful O n* coverer! I rn ? tracts w itn city w ale r. N i s<.»«»gi 
D istrict Horses welcom e O w ner financing. 
P IG O T T P R O P E R T IE S sot Sun 6V5-9IoJ 
A N Y T IM E 494-7871_______ 

H u rry ! J bedroom , J bath, separ­ ate living and fa m ilv room s, fully carpeted and v ery room y. O N L Y 
52o,ooo NO D O W N VA or open term s. Beautiful arco. 
674-3552 
R E A L T O R S 
HO D S D O N & A S S O C IA TE S 

Bv ow nei. m odern 4 bedroom , J bath, brick nom e plus IO acres in 
M arion area, a va il July I. 574,5oo. 
I 42o-27o8 tor opp'!._______________ 

347 31)1 
R E A L T O R S 
696 So77 

JUST L IS T E D . A spotless freshly painted and carpeted 75% b rick , 3 bedroom , 2 bath, double gat age hom e in one OI NW best a re a s . 
Refinance or assum e 4259 P riced tor quick sole! 681 o66o. 

GRAND OPENING 
APRIL 29-MAY I 
C A M P S T A N L E Y P R O P E R T Y . 
16 acres covered w ith oak trees, a lo vely cedar and ro c k hom e, 3 bedroom, 2 both, m a ste r bath has skylights and J a c u **i G reek bath, 
S altillo tile in liv in g room w ith fireplace, dining w ith F re n ch door and fa m ily room . $79,5oo term s. 
Call W E S T R E A L T Y , 225-4366 or 
828 2426. 
______________________ 

N e ar UTSA, M edical C enter, etc., fine hom esite w ith w o ter. S55oo 
T r e e s , la r g e lu x u r y c u s to m homes all around you A bargain 
H B C 
Real 
E state, 
342-1661 or 
679-7)5o.___________________________ 

2 bedroom rustic cabin w ith fire p la c e , e x c e lle n t v ie w of L a k e 
518,oo9 A ~ Jones 497 3571 ________ 

Shearer Hills, 3-2, playroom , new central a ir, m any trees on .5 acre, c o n v e n ie n t to a ll s h o p p in g , by ow ner 539,9oo. 344-6575.__________ 

483o L a m b e th , a ttr a c tiv e 3 2-2, nice a re a , c o n ve n ien t lo ca tio n , s o n n k le r system , fenced, beau 
M U I 2 y ea r old custom built k it­ chen, separate living-dining, den, utility room, im m aculate, extros. 
Ooen House. S17,5oo 
Bv ow ner 
684-79o3. S H A. B roker, 342-9393. 

B E A U T IF U L L Y L A N D S C A P E D 
Spacious 3-2-2 In A d a m s M ill on c u l-d e -s a c , m a n y c x lr a s , plus equity and assum e. 
Bv ow ner. 
673-4536____________ _____ 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B IL E LOT 
1o,ooo sa. ti- fantastic view . Pool, boat ra m p n e a r by. $14oo, 51oo down, 78 mo. at 521.43 APR 8% 
CAEL M IL L E R 
226-2324 
Century 21 
N e o r S e a r * . 2-1 -2. C h a in lin k fence, Senior c itiie n m ust sell due to illness. 51o,5oo CASH as is. No peelers. 922-4169 l l - ) PM _________ 
IO m in u te s (ro m C an yo n D a m , 
5695 a e r acre. O w ner w ill c a rry note. 
342-18o8 
B IL L 
H U G H E S , 
BR O K E R _________________________ 
5 A C R E S n e a r B la n c o , 5599$] liberal tinancing bv ow ner. 
534 8876.___________________________ 

2 Bedroom house on V e ra C ru*. 
Good condition 221-6422 
_ 
Because it s a w hale of a buy. 3 b e d ro o m s w ith s u n k e n fa m ily room ond fireplace. Located in a v e ry d e s ira b le N o rth w e s t lo c a ­ tion. Selling tor 532,ooo ond only 
51,45o down or no down on VA. 

I to 2 a cre tra cts w ith beautiful v ie w of la k e , la rg e oak tre e s , p aved ro a d s, lo c a te d on south side of luke 
O w ner financing. 
1-899- 298o__________________________ 

24 a c r e s , n e e d s h o r s e s , h a s utilities and easy access to IH35. 
DO RIS H U N S IC K E R 344-993* 

W hitehead-Holiday 
684 37))_______________ R E A L T O R S 
NO CO W N P A Y M E N T 52o clos­ ing cost. A nyone can buy. 3 b e ­ droom s, I* * bam s, la rg e fenced yard P aym ents less than rent 
BOB D eP A O LO 
344-3o9)________________ R E A L T O R 

Oak G len P a rk , 3 2-2, eat in k it­ chen, liv in g -d in in q room , fa m ilv r o o m , f ir e p la c e , w a lk to N E s c h o o l, s h o p p in g , no a g e n ts . 
549.5oo. 341-6471_________________ 

B E H IN D 
F E D M A R T • 
3 u»- droom s, I'? baths. *2oo down. 
696-742o S LA TE R R L T Y 344 o936 

NO D O W N 52o C L O S IN G 
3 b e ­ drooms, stove, a ir. 1st p ym ! July. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

LA N D S C A P E D B E A U TY 
Lovely yard ! Lovely hom e! In the 
S um m it! 3-2-2, liv in g -d in in g 
L ', paneled den. L a rg e kitchen w ith eat in area, built-ins. *43.4oo 
69o-98o2 

C A N Y O N LA K E 
Furnished 2 bedr oom hom e w ith a m illio n d o lla r v iew to r 525,ooo. 
*51-6844 or I 899 2611 
ARTESIA PARK 
B E L L A IR E . N ic e 3 b e d ro o m . 2 bath, c arp e te d . Buy e q u ity and assum e. 923-4327, 349-8453 
Ronald W illiam son 
B E L L A IR E 
V acant ann ready to m ove in. AH carpeted 3 bedroom plus a w o rk ­ ro o m a n d s to r a g e ro o m . 
Equipped kitchen ond only 
521,ooo 

O W N E R A N X IO U S 
B e a u tifu l 3-2-1 w ith c a rp e tin g , drapes, paneling, oil appliances, fo rm al living and dining room s. 
M uch m orel 526,5oo. 675-2152. 

N O R TH W O O D H IL L S lU a c re , w ater, e le c tricity , paved street, N E schools, no city taxes, 
58ooo. 497-3572 
__ 
Century 21 m elder R ealty_________*84 
3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 living areas and privacy fenced. Many trees. 
Central heat-air. Coll for more. 
Nites 656 6332. 
Century 21 
N O R R IS R E A L T Y 

B eau tiful ro llin g a c re a g e , older r a n c h h o m e , s e v e r a l out buildings, c o m p le te ly fe n c ed , I a c r e la k e , 
G r e a t p o te n tia l. 
5125,ooo. 494-7711, nites 655-7383. 
DON JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

Schneider R ealty 
684-72oo 

S T U N N IN G - C irc le a ro u n d this 
4-2 7 in H o lly w o o d P a r k . T h is beautiful home has all the am en i­ ties you would expect for 58o,ooo, but priced in low 6o's. 
494-522 i 
A nytim e 

R e d lan d Rd 
(F ir s t s tre e t post 
16o4 N o rth on Son P e d ro ), G o r­ geous fre es , B eau tifu l hom esite w ith c o u n try a tm o s p h e re , n e a r city lim its. *43,ooo. Ask tor Olga 
Biehler. 

N O R R IS R E A L 
C H O IC E P R O P E R T Y 
63 acre, garden lond 56 it front on Lake P lacid by 75 ft on E l-H re a 
D r 
C y c lo n e fe n c e , b e a u t if u l pecan trees, 25 m iles city. F IR S T 
T IM E 
O F F E R E D 
*1 1 ,9 o o 
Term s. 
O w ner ju m e s 
Mead 
732-1476 
_______________________ 

REALTORS 
R E P O S - T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts 
T h e ir loss is y o u r g a in ! 1972 prices. A djacent to Canyon Lake 
Call M yron L. M aples, broker. 
342-18o8___________________________ 

R E A L T O R S 
NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 

O w n e r, B e lla ir e , 3 -)-c p . N ic e , 
5)5,75o. V A, P H A , or C o n trac t by appointm ent, 633 o556. 
O W N! P R O F IT ! SO OOW N ! 

OH Blanco, good condition, dining, deep lot, VA ctppr. SI5,25o 
341-4465 
R E A L T O R S 
735-2276 

E xceptionally clean and spacious is this well built 3 bedroom home in prestig io u s a re a w ith n u m e r- eous pleasing features. You w ill fin d it w e ll p r ic e d a t $ 57,9oo. 
828-8241, rales *55 2437 
DON JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

828-6391 A nytim e 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
O W N E R M u s t Sell I a c re NW 
Util., oaks, paved roods. 68+277o 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
17 acres close-in, has w a te r . 
736-1766 
828 o665 
333-1)63 
W ATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 
C R r S T A L C L E A R C R E E K 
Unusual 
Unspoiled 
Unexpensive 
V e ry p riv a te , m any huge trees, close North H ill Country. Robert 
Smith, B roker Evenings 494-6777 

Schneider Reoltv 
68* 72oo 

B E L L , R E A I TO R S 222 9#V5. A l­ term an only 52oo m ove in 
3 b f droom , 7 bath, carpet, oir. O pen to any one._______________________ 

E X C L U S IV E 
R E C R E A T N L 
M E M B E R S H IP 
P R O P E R T Y 
N R 
O E L 
R IO 
W O R TH *575o 
O N L Y 
$5ooo 
C A L L 
8 
D A V IS 
782-8116_____________ 

Reoitors N E L oop ofc 
3 bedroom c o n v e rtib le , e le c tric g a ra g e ; s p rm x le r system , larg e living and dining, built-in kitchen. 
Beautiful tree-shaded neighborhood. 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
S U P E R B U Y , S U P E R L O C A ­ 
T IO N . 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 fu ll tile b ath s. N e a r M e d ic a l C e n te r in 
Sunset Hills. C entral heat and air, fence. *28,5oo 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

E-Z Buying 3-4 bedroom s appl 
733-9)1 1 
B G onzales 
623 1369 
LA R G E S W IM IN G POOL 
L a rg e hom e w ith 5 or m o re be­ droom s, 2.7 a cre s tre e c o vered hill. IO m inutes no rth of U T S A . 
Available im m ediately. 698-21o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 
L A S T C H A N C E B Y O W N E R . 
3 2 2. 11o2 M orey P eak. 534,OUO. 
342 5561 
__________________ 

IO A CR ES N E A R S E G U IN 
_____________ 472-5352______________ 
2 A CR ES N E A R S O M E R S E T 
G a r d e n s o il, b e a u t if u l tr e e s , owner financed, *5o down and low m onthly. Jim Leer, 684-3o44. 

2' i acres 
521oo. Repossession. 
M a k e up 5 back p a y m e n ts and toke over balance. L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E , 342-1661.________ 

A T T E N T IO N V A o n ly S i t . OOO, p a y m e n ts u n d e r 51oo. L a r g e 2 bedroom , 
B E L L 
R E A L T O R S 
222-9495________________________ 

Q U IE T SUB D IV IS IO N N E A R 41o 
3 ond 
4 b e d r o o m h o m e s , paym ents 
514o to $23o. 
Shown anytim e. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
675 1691___________________ 674 )777 

2 -1 -lc a ro o rt, e xc. lo c a tio n . Big y a rd , patio w ith B a r-B -Q u e P it, ow ner w ill c a rry . 
OAK H IL L S 
P res tig io u s hom e w ith e v e r y th ­ ing! living-dining room , den with fir e p la c e , g o m e ro o m , h o b b y room plus b a r room . 4 bedroom s, 
3 b ath s, 35oo sa ft ot g ra c io u s liv in g a r e a , b u ilt in v a c u u m , s p rin k le r s y s te m , m uch m o re . 
598,5oo. Bv appointm ent only 
H S R E A L T Y , 
824-7417, 344-5633_________ 

I P LUS A C R ES 
A V A IL A B L E N O W ! Lovely 3-2 ? for only $165 total m ove in. G rab th is one w h ile you c a n . D o n 't 
W ait! No credit? No problem ! 
922-2173, 673 4714, 675-9294. 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

C anyon L a ke a cre ag e , beautiful view of lake, trees, ond hills. N ear b o a t r a m p 
O w n e r fin a n c e d 
I 899 /984 QI 341 2983. 

F O R 
S A L E 
O R 
T R A D E 
By 
O w n e r . W a t e r f r o n t C A N Y O N 
L A K E Lot 656-8883 Ofter 5pm 

N e ar L a V e rn ia, 3 bedroom , I b ath, fa m ily room . I sing le attach ed, 2 double detached garages. C entral heat a ir, oil electric, well Good term s. 
S A N TE X CO , R E A L T O R S 
653-o46o 

S K Y H A R B O R A R E A - 3 -1 -1 , corner, uir, appliances, S2I5 dn. 
*184 mo 
J 6 J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 

SOUTH SAN SCHOOLS 
3 b e d ro o m s, l ' j b a th s , c e n tra l h e a t, s in g le a tta c h e d g a ra g e , w a lk in g d is ta n c e e le m e n ta r y school und p a r k . G ood s ta rte r home. *17,5oo 

L & A. REAL ESTATE 
O verlooks m iles of green valley. 
Redwood and brick hom e w ith 4 bedroom . 3' j baths, gam e room . 2 fir e p la c e s , 2 a c r e s of n e a v y tim ber T R A IL W O O D 
IM IO NW 
O P E N 
S A T U R D A Y 
AN D 
S UNDA Y 

N e o r S o m e rs e t, lo ts of tr e e s 
R E A e le c tric ity , A tascosa Co. 
Country living at its best. Cecil 
O rrick 
Don Sm ith B roker 
735-8ooo 
4 A C R E S -N O D O W N . <31 9V mo 
Lake LBJ, coll 341 7oo3__________ 

B U Y VA - M O V E IN T O D A Y 
N o th in g dow n no closing cost. 
JU S T M O V E IN ! 3-2-2, 5746 mo paym ent, firs t pa ym e n t in August. 
674 6126________ R A E R eal E state 

3-1' »-l, by ow ner at 7oo6 b ro w n ­ o u t . E x c e lle n t n e w e r h o m e . 
Trees, lenced yard, pat'O, central a ir-h eat No red tape. *9oo M ove in now ! Can fin a n c e stove ond re frig era to r it desired. Coll Plea- santon 1-569 3382.__________________ 

This 3 bedroom , 2 both hom e is 
9o o m a s o n ry on a b e a u t if u l cot lier lot. Carpeting, knotty pine p a n elin g , pius bonus room for a ttic e or s m all a p a rtm e n t. I f s really nice! Nites, 494-1832 
349-4343 or 349-3535 A nytim e 

F o rt C lark Springs M em bership 
Call 877 3*41 
No down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 bedroom s. 2 baths, some with a ir and a p p lia n c e s 
P a y m e n ts less than rent! 
BOB D eP A O LO 
532 5251________________ R E A L T O R 

R E A L T O R S 5o Y ea rs of TR U S T 

S U P E R S P E C IA L 
New on I a c re w ooded lot. 3 be­ droom , 2 bath, carpet, fireplace, 
2-car garage. $36,75o. See at 951o 
G eronim o Oaks in G eronim o Fo­ rest. 6 m iles north of 16o4 oft F M 
47). 492-1o72, 653-9332, 658-o79o 

OAK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
N E W L IS T IN G ! R e d e c o r a te d 
3-2-2, form al living room , den, ond larqe kitchen w ith b reakfast a rea . 
Walk lo e lem en tary scnool! Good assum ption. *31,5oo 
69o-98o2 

4 + A C R ES -N O R TH 
C orner, paved 2 sides, big trees 
I28-OS65 
73* 1/66 
734-41 17 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

EAST C E N T R A L A R E A 
46 a cre s b e a u tifu l b ric k nom e, needs finishing, huge oak trees, good fences, w orkshop, see this- nioke otter. 
648 333oLG R IP P S R L T Y 648 o441 Personalized Designer Hit tern 
3 b e d ro o m , I ' j b a th s , C o u n try 
Kitchen, 3 cor garage on a cre of land, near schools 
S A N T E X CO., R E A L T O R S 
653-o46o 

R E A LTO R S Blanco Rd. Ofc 

Not in a sub division. Off Hw y 
281, lust 25 m in. north of m alls 
$16oo per a c re o w n er fin a n ce d 
C a ll J im H a n le y , B r o k e r , S.A direct dial 497-3621 A nytim e. 

S T O P 
C ause this Is ju st w h a t y o u 're looking tor, and it s a 3 bedr oom, 2 bath and g a ra g e , p a n ele d den, c a rp e t, and m u c h m o re ! E as y equity ond 52o2 per mo. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

B Y O W N E R . 3-2-1. 7oo6 B ro w n leaf. 51,ooo. and m ove in now. Call 
Pleasanton 1-569-3382._____________ 
J Bedroom , l ' j bath, fully carp e t­ ed, fre sh ly p a in te d n e a r N im it* and 
Lee 
Schools 
518,5oo, 
VA, 
PHA 
826-o45o 
655-o415 
655-7146 
B E L M E A D E R E A L T Y 

W hite they la s t! 5 A c re T ra c ts , p a v e d ro a d s , a p p ro v e d w a te r system, garden-type soil. 
344-6268 
684-5768 
923-5844 

B e a u tifu l fa m ily h o m e , 3 b e ­ droom s. 2 baths, double g a rag e , living, dining room , large fam ily room, lots of built-ins. This lovely home is on ’ j a c re covered with huge trees. 12x 2S covered patio. 
You wit! love it. E x c e lle n t lo ca ­ tion Priced to sell 546,5oo 
R e e s e H e n r y 

R e a lto r 
655-3584 
Nites 
653-7791 

C LO SE TO BASES - 3 and 4 be­ droom s, nothing down, paym ents start from 517o to $25o. Some with appliances, 
F irs t pa ym e n t in 
July. 
674-6126________ R A E R eal E state 
CLOSE TO L A C K L A N D 
E niov the fa m ily room ond fire place in this 2 1 . R unge and re 
♦rigerator stay. No down to Vets. 
Call 924-4253, rates 923-6185 

B E L L 
R E A L T O R S , 
722 9495 
B e a u tifu l house w ihth spacious yard in Eastw ood V illage. C arpet, appliances No down, 5)8o mo. 

O L M O S D R I V E . L a r g e o ld e r home, 2 bedroom , den, spacious kitchen, garage, w orkshop, trees galore. V A -F H A . Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R ealto r 
648-337o 

497 3621 
R E A L T O R S 
1 + 438 7412 

11.9 A C R E S off B a n d e ra H w y 
Deer. Castle lake. 432-4*81________ 

729o5 
By o w n e r, E C S O , e a r B ro o k s 
A F B . 3 b d r, t ' * b a th , a tta c h e d g a ra g e , c en t a ir -h e a t, 521,5oo 
New B raunfels, collect, 625 )6o9. 

4 -2 'j-2 , lo ca te d on a n le t cul-de- sac, m in t c o n d itio n , o v e r 2ooo sq.ft., huge lot. O N L Y 5*o,7oo. 
674-3552 
R E A L T O R S 
H O DSDO N A A S S O C IA TES 

Spaded B outique 
L uxury 3 bedroom w ith m assive fire p la c e d livin g . B rig h t g a m e r oom . opun s u n n y k itc h e n , t e r ­ raced patio. 5o s. 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 
IU M n w — 
O LO HO USE 
2 Well, sandy land. C all. 
226-8357 
342 9338 
344 9424 

BY O W N E R , large lot, 7 bedroom , separate den. Asking 515,ooo. 2o1 
B erkshire. 226-8425 

G u ad alu p e tro n ta g e , acc es s to 
R iv e r. S w im m in g , b o a tin g and fis h in g 
H o m e s ite o r to r wee- kends. N orm an 494 3754.__________ 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R and you w ill the m inute you open the front door on this so a ttr a c ­ tive, 3 bedroom , 2 bath and den home, with lots of appeal ond tea lures. If s a m ust to see, as it's priced at $39,5oo. 
349-1436 A nytim e 

BY O W N E R . 3 l l, OH IH 37 South 
5618 Greenhouse 
E xcellent East 
Central Schools. 51,ooo and m ove in now. Call P leasanton I 569-3382 

Real Estate 

5 acres on spring led creek. 567S down p a ym e n t. *1o5.29 p e r m o. 
O w n e r w ill fin a n c e . B ig tre e s . 
B e a u tifu l v ie w s. C a ll to r m o re m torm ution. 734-95V8 
__ 

IO A CR ES w ith road, w ell, elec. and septic tank P aved road tron- ta a e , 15 m in . N o r th of 16o4. 
535,5oo, 653-2883__________________ 

A lovely .1 bedroom , 2 both home tor only 531,9oo! And ifs in B eau­ tiful Leon V olley! 
341-4491 
Niles 684 4154, 342-339o 
G E O R G E FLO O D , R E A L T O R S 
L eon V o lle y , 3-2-2, fa m ily room w ith fir e p la c e , fo r m a l liv in g ro o m , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g , in te r ­ com s k y lig h t, ro c k p a tio e n ­ trance. 
14oo sq.ft. 
539,5oo. 
684-7297. 
_______________ 
Leon Volley. B eautiful c ath ed ra l style, 3 or 4 bedroom , a ll b ric k with view Must See! $41,7oo. 5919 
Forest Ridge 681-o)86____________ 
UCO N V A L L E Y By ow ner. 3-2-2, separate living ond dining, fam ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , d in e tte , c o v e re d p a tio , p r iv a c y fe n c e , carpet, drapes. $48,5oo. 684-1437 
‘ 
LEO N V A L L E Y BY O W N E R 
S pacious flo w in g 4-2-2, fo rm a l dining, paneled living a re a , fire ­ place, screened porch, open patio, privacy fenced, 187o so. ft. N orth- side Schools, Assume convention- ai or refinance. Low SO's 684-8*o2. 
L IV A B L E 3-71 ?-2 split-level, livm - g + d in in g , big den. C arpet, extras. 
$42,5oo. Call now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 Iii 8 pm 

Com e see w het a cozy house I w ill be. 
924-42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 
533-7987 
Top of Adam s H ill; B eautiful 3-2-2 
By 
O w n e r . 
F u lly 
C a r p e te d , 
Fenced, C e n tra l a ir-h e a t, Huge 
M a s te r B edroom , L iv in g Room , 
N o C ity T a x e s , 5 3 7 ,o o o . 19o3 
F arm sville 673-o66o._______________ 

D e llc re s t, a ll b ric k , c o rn e r lot, 
3-2-2. 
Fenced, living, dining rooms. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o___________________ 661-3322 

E a s tw o o d V illa g e , 3 b e d ro o m , carpeted, c en tral a ir and heat. 
L E O N A R D . R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o 
661-3322 
E A S T W O O D V IL L A G E • 3 1-CP, air, appliances, 521o down, 5185 mo. 
J A J R E A L T Y 674-8883 A nytim e 

52oo DOW N- 3 bedroom s, carpets, air, 1st paym ent in Julv. 
696-/42o S LA TE R R L T Y 684 6169 
N e a r S u th e rla n d S p rin g s R d . 
Fantastically beautiful hom e with loo m any extras to m ention Ask mg 595,ooo.Ask for P at G illig. 

Let your hom e equity be the 1o% or 2o*o down p aym en t! 8' r% now! 
Going up???? 8 m odel* open do! ly! C allaghan at V ance Jackson! 
E A S Y TO B U Y 
A n y b o d y can buy. No C redit, no p ro b le m . No down paym ent, little cash to m ove in. F irst paym ent in July. 
674-6126 
R A E Reg! E state 

52o TO TA L M O V E IN - 3 bedroom , 
I both, a ir, p a tio , only 52o,275! 
F irst P oym ent J U L Y ! 
222-9416TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 HRS 
V A L L E Y H I N O R T H 
Neor K elly-Lackland, large 3-2-2, den, living, cent, air-h ea t., p ictu r­ esque d rive w ay and m any shade trees. OW. disposal, stove, re frig ., paneled sew ing room in clu d ed . 
Assum e low 5 % % n o te and *182 mo. a m t. or re fin a n c e fo r only 
532,5oo 674-8738.___________________ 

IN C . R E A L T O R S 
828-6391 A nytim e 
O V E R AN A C R E in Helotes P ark 
E s tates ! C ustom b u ilt, tr i-le v e l home has firepiaced living room - 
...d in in g , s e w in g ro o m s a n d study...3 huge bedroom s! 
562,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

5 A C R E S , W o o d e d H o m e s ite , 
S ta g ec o a ch H ills , W o te r, e le c ­ tric ity , phone. 523,5oo. 3*2-1231 
OR 828 54o* Nights and w eekends 
Reoltors-NE Loop ofc 
5.8 A es b e tw e e n N a t a lia a n d 
Devine. 
M any oaks. 
58ooo. 
699 o334.___________________________ 
T R E E S T R E E S T R E E S 
W O N D E R F U L S H A D E IN BACK 
Y A R D . 3-2-2, c e n tr a l h e a t-a ir , w h ite b r ic k on q u ie t s tr e e t, vocant, m ove in now, clean. Just reduced 538,5oo. 696-1412 

3-1- SHS a mo. N e a r K e lly , VA 
Nothing down. 
I & A, REAL ESTATE 
L a rg e wooded H illto p H o m esite with spectator view , larg e heavy 
Oak T rees. U tilitie s plus w a le r sys te m N orth of Hollyw ood P ark , o u t S an P e d r o . T e r m s . T o m 
Taylor 494-5237 or 349-5723. 

2 baths, 19oo sqft. carpet central, corner, big trees, nice 
828-o6*5 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A TSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
Lovely 2 bedroom on big shady lot with g arage and separate dining, stove and re frig e ra to r included. 
Only 516,5oo. Call now 
532-3252 
N IT E S 648 321o 

Rig oaks, well, fenced, old cabin 
828-o*65 
736-1/66 
675-o629 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

(? ) A d o rn in g tra c ts , 14 92 and 
18,92 acres, all utilities, E. C entral 
School OiSt. 69o 8o82.______________ 

E N E R G Y S A V E R 
W alk to L a ck lan d A F B . O ld er 3 bedroom . I both hom e w ith range. 
No d o w n p a y m e n t r e q u ir e d . 
Anyone can buy! Only 516,975. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

• • • W H Y R E N T ? • • • 
B U Y -N o th in g dow n to a n y o n e ! 
E asy to q u a lify . 2, 3, and 4 be drooms, some w ith appliancs. Call n o w ! 
H a b lo m o s 
E s p a n o l. 
923-19o4, 923-52oe 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

Im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y , n e w ow ner, spacious and delightful 3 bedroom , 2 bath, w ith large dou­ ble g a ra g e , su n ken liv in g a n d s eparate fa m ily room joined by double F IR E P L A C E . Call to see todoy! 
674-3552 
R E A L T O R S 
H O DSO N A AS S O C IA TES 

U N D E R 4o 
U se y o u r V A on th is a ll b ric k c o n te m p o r a r y . 3 s p a c io u s b e ­ droom s single liv in g a re a has fire p la c e S ep a ra te dining Beau- f if is) tv c arp e ted. F a n ta s tic a rea . 
Ask tor Betti la te . 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

F o r S ale: A p o ro x , JOO a c re s % m ile fro m P le a s a n to n 
O r w ill divide in 2 tracts of 425 • 28o ocres. 
Bv O w n er, te rm s , b u y e rs only. 
Hom e. 
512-27/ 3487 or 
O ffice; 
St? 277-5I5F_______________________ 
SI,715 EQUITY! 
V e ry shorn 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th to w n h o u se w ith a h u g e tv < l2 m aster bedroom . Built in kitchen, central heat and a ir Assum e 5245 mo. paym ents. 
681 3222, rates 
435-4488. 

ToHev Rd. NW , lust to m m to San 
Antonio beautiful scenic country 
J E R R Y B A C O N , R E A L T O R S , 
62/ 3323, 622-3735, 684-2195_______ 
Century 21 
(A N A M E Y O U C A N T R U S T ) 
W ATSON and SON S Buy ond sell 
Huuses to be m oved. Coll us: We have some good ones readv to go. 
492-996o, 699-1o97, or w e 'll m ove your house tor you.____________ 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
Southeast n e ar C a to v are s Lake nam e your te rm s . W e w ill con sider oil otters Avxm g 52975. Lo kecrott, Hi<- 92/ 7441 _____________ 

H ighland Hills. 3-2-1. 862 P enny* tone. 534 553o_____________ 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
Nice 3 y ear old hom e with added e x tro s . 
3 -1 11 -1. 
C o m p le te ly fenced, central heat oir. G o rag e finished. Schools close. 524,5oo. 
828-6343, 1-438 71o2 

24x6o double w ide m onde hom e on aporox. t'z a cre 
144o sa. tt. 3 be­ droom s, 2 baths, fu rn is h ed . F o r only 514,7oo. 
249-3545 or 249-2678 
242 S M A IN 
B O E R N E . 
T E X . 
R -M . George R ealty 

U niversity Oaks, 3-2-2 on corner lot. Low 4o s 696-2752._____________ 
House (C ed a r Shake Roof) New paint - Inside neeas some w ork 
W as 58,ooo b ut now ta k in g est. 
M ust sell! 828 8o5o or 1-42o 2o76 
OH 5______________ ____________ ____ 

 n i b n L n f lu m u d — 
3 Bed room home ‘P ric e d to S ell'’ Easy term s. Call 
226-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 

U N IV E R S IT Y O A K S -B Y O W N E R 
3-2-2, cul de sac, larg e wooded lot, p r iv a c y fe n c e d , w o o d e n p a tio cover, fireplace, softener, c arp e t­ ing, m a n y e x t r a * . $44,95o. NO 
A G E N TS 69o-839).________________ 

M U S T S E L L !! 
L o a d ed w ith c h o rm . O ne v e ry large living a re a w ith c ath ed ra l ceiling, fireplace and deluxe wet bar S eparate dining, 3 bedroom s, h ig h lot n e a r M e d ic a l C e n te r. 
341-72o1, nites 342-o829. Ask for 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F F 

G uadalupe R tv^ r F ro n ta g e Pie nicing. sw im m in g on y o u r own p riv a te a re a . $2oo dow n, 548 5o monthly, also new a rea for build- mg site. Cot! N orm on 49/ 3754, 

This Spadou Boutique blazer ib fully Htied. The curved front .scums continue to the side hack scants that end 

 i i i open vents. Kubru’s: flannel, medium w eight wool, rnvi s ilk , denim. 721H)5 is cut only in Misses Sizes 8-16. 
Size IU requires approximately' 2 I 'A yds. of 45*’ fab­ ric. To order: send pattern numU-r, size , name, address and zip . Price plus 25C postage. 
Bi-< entenniul Issue o f Spade,! Hair Fashions by World fam ous H air S tylists — over 75 current designs svith information on hair cure and at-home stylin g, $1.25 xislpatd. Make check payable lo Spadea. Send orders to this newspaper, v A > Spadea, 2 Bridge S t,, M ilford, 

 j N j . o h m s . D e p t . 

B IL L S O U T H E R N 

F IR S T T IM E O F F E R E D . A s ­ sume this 3 BR, 2 bath w ith double g arage. S m all e q u ity, pa ym e n ts 
5247 mo. 
333-4144 
Nites 649-12o2 

Real E state 
LOS A N G E L E S H E IG H T S - OH W 
Ave. 4 i hom e has g a ra g e w ith a tta ch ed c a rp o rt. P ecan tre es . 
O ver 17oo sq tt. tor only S22.ooo. 
494-5221 Anytim e 

H IG H L A N D S , larg e older hom e, 4 bedroom , 3 b a th , fire p la c e , a ir, fully carpeted, lots of potential (or only 521,95o. 674-5411 

USAA and M edical C enter a re near this 
Laurel Hills beauty. High on hill w ith g re a t view . L a rg e 3-2-2. O f­ fice, den livin g and dining, fir e ­ place. all luxu ry equipm ent plus 
A must see a t $79,5oo 
B R A U N S T A T IO N 
2 'I y e a r old b r ic k 4-2-2, la rg e lovely k itc h e n , den. a ll e x tra s , n e ar pool and tennis. Also have two 3 bedroom s from $37 9oo 
R O L L IN G R ID G E 
New to m a rk e t, quiet a rea , huge lot, 3 2-2, iorge living and den, big trees. Only 538,5oo 

 your tut. All paneled ond p lu m b ­ ing, vinyl floor covering 
2 bedroom , I bath, *1o,5oo 
3 bedroom , I bath, *12,8oo 
Dodson L um ber 
_______624-2256 

33 a c ie s n e a r L e a k e y T e x a s • 
B e a u tifu l ■ R o u g h R u g g e d • 
H eavily Wooded Deeo Canyons - 
L o t* of G a m e . 53oo oo O w n 
O w ner financed. Easy Term s. A l­ so L a rg e r and S m aller A creage 
A v a ila b le . Phone 512 - 257 5369 
A tter 6.Uo P .M . and w eekends. 
RED CARPET c&QtM!X&1 
' E7 n r c n ia Ku n o in a p .1 h u rffA ftfn 

R E D U C E D T h e o w n e r is v e ry anxious to sell this oh brick home im m ediately and so has reduced the o n c e . 4-2-2 set on on oak studded a cre in on excellent oreo 
It has I livina ond eating areas, 
(■ re p la c e , u t ilit y ro o m a n d a greenhouse. 
Low 
IM S , 
N IT E S 
824-44oo 

P A Y M E N T S LESS T H A N R E N T . 
C le a n 3 b e d ro o m , 52oo d o w n , paym ent in July. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 

L O V E L Y 4 B E D R O O M 
G igantic den w ith fire p la c e , fo r­ m al living and dining l oom. Plus a gam e room . N ear M edical Center. 
Ask for Ruth Foties. 
341 9166 A N Y T IM E 

F o r sale bv ow ner-3 b e d ro o m s. 
Also unattached g a ra g e w ith be­ droom On acre of land 432-2644. 
432-266o________________________ 
G A T E W A Y T E R R A C E - 3:2-CP air, appliances, 5225 an. 5195 mo 
Jut. p a y m m t 
J & J R E A LTY 674 8883 A nytim e 
G O T 51oo? 
Then there s a large selection of g o v e rn m e n t ow ned hom es you c an ch o o se fr o m 3 o n d 4 b e ­ droom *. Cull tor detoils. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

L A K E S ID E 
Low o s s u m u tio n fo r th is 3 b e ­ droom . 2 both hom e. A ttra c tiv e inside ond out. 
527,45o. 
Niles 
648-U625. 
Deville, Texas 
1-663-4558 
From the custom kitchen, to the new paint, 3-2 living room , fa m ily room , dining a re a , fenced yard, detached tw o c a r g a ra g e , w ith workshop and storage. L.A . Hats. 
494-3448. A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
828-5636 
R E A L T O R S 
M LS 
Century 21 
H AP R E S E R 653-6182 A nytim e 
G uadalupe R iver North, Close in, n e a r B o e rn e . Tw o a c r e * , huge tr e e s , a ll to p s o il a n d g r a s s . 
R o b e rt S m ith, B ro k e r. 698-2o6). eve. 494-6777. 

HO W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S a w a ’ w a ny‘xii 
-- 
TMI NUMBLY TO CALL 
IS 725 1666 
IXPP1S5 AND N IWS 
Century 21 
IOU (AST INSULTS 
PLACI YOUR WANT AD 
IN THI I X PR I SS N I WS 
CALL 2 2 S -I6 6 6 

O ver 9o live oaks and no locks, 7 m iles north w dh w afer 7*4-» fin­ ancing, by ow ner, C harles B ailey 
497-3/52 or 673-2552. _____________ 

Pl ACI YOUR W A N T AO 
IN TMf I XFR ESS N IW S 
CALL 22S 1666 
W hitehead-H oliday 
R E A L T O R S 

A L L O W FIVE TO SIX 
WEEKS FOR DELIVERY. 

AUSTIN ARMS APTS 

2 3 3 o A U ST IN HWY, 

I BEDROOM, $155 

Utilities 

 tOUAl 
HOOsmC j v o l'urn' 

Page 
I 4-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 977 
RENTALS 

F U L L T I M E V A C A T I O N 
| 
This choice lot overlook* Beautiful 1 
Lake T ravis can be yours! Year I round bolting, fishm q boating and | horseback riding, cam p gro u n d s t and m arina, church, schools and i lovely hom es in area 
N iles j 
*56-8118 
P A N O R A M IC v i e w 
See tor IO m iles from this 2 plus j he a vily treed a c r e s 
B e a u tifu l ! building sites, 25 m inutes north of 1 
41o o il H w y 281 
Alt utilities. 
$7SOO. Nifes 494 2191 
655-6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 

43o rotting acres Coastal, tanks, rural water utilities B uy oil or par! $525 *575 per acre 
N O W LEASING 

NORTHSIDE OFFICES, 
WAREHOUSE, 
AND INDUSTRIAL SPACE, 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

 f a ca tides in these spacious garden apartments won't last long because dem and is high for: 

* rn 
’R I M f S O R P A U K M X I, I, 
• 
N O K I l l E \ > r S C H O O L S 

• 
P l R M S H F . D O R 
I N U K N I S H E H 

• 
I* V IM I T I U T I K S 
• 
H R IN X T E P L T I O S 

• F O O K S & P X R I X R O O M 

18,'llt H a s B o h B r is t * 
658-73oo 

12o ACRES ti orth M il — live Oak Co., att brush, minerals, road frontage. 
S42S per acre. 
75o ACRES 
North of Pettus — On Goliad Co. fine, paved road frontage, good fields, large trees am brush. 
Good hunting, Owner financing. 
$55o pet acre 
6o3 ACRES 
I mile emf of Helena S5So j»r acre some minerals, all in im­ proved grass. 
SO ACRES 
Near Kennedy, cultivated, fenced, water well and ‘ome trees Ex­ cellent weekend retreat. 562$ per acre. 
25o ACRES 
Medina Countv — South of Bon dare. Secluded with good access, excellent hunting ranch and weekend retreat. Private road easement to Medina Lake, flex­ ible terms. Call Gary Roberts. 
VESTLAND 
(512) 854-1o15 

RANCH BARGAINS 
CARAVELLE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 GOLDFIELD 
Furnished or Unfurnished 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M 
Single and Family sections, AH bills pd. Light­ ed 
Swimming pools, party room, 5 Min. 
Windsor 
Park 
Mall. 
15 
Min. heart of downtown San Antonio. 

6 6 1 - 6 6 6 o 
Off ill 35. On Rittiman 

3,2oo acres Presidio County, 529 acre. Probably the cheapest land left anywhere, low down, easy terms. 

2,5oo to 15,ooo acre ranches on 
Aimsfad lake. 
Good 
Deer, tnvelino, fishing, combination livestock country. 
Terrific ap­ preciation potential mftab-n hedge. SISO acre, good terms, might trade 

64o acres on running stream, deer, dose to pavement, SU S acre Easy owner finance 
Stanley C. Sfribling 

PH (915) 949-391o or 

949-585o 

12o Acres 3-2’*, fair ranch house 
Barn, Corrals, good well. Som e 35 acres rn field. $9o,ooo tor sole and financed bv owner. 
695-32o5; 
695-89oV____ 
_________ 

• 
Family & Adult Sections 

C 
2 Pools & Playground 

L 
Rentals starting at 
I 
$185 
I 
I 
Including Utilities 
, 

I 
PAINTERS MILL 
I 
52oo BLANCO 
{ 
£ 
349-2222 

I room efficiency turn. Wits paid, no deposit. $8o mo. 736-4o78 before 
5 Pm.___________________________ _ 
3 room furnished apt bills paid. no deposit. $9o mo. 736-4o78 before 
S pm. 
______________ 

6 9 o -o 3 o o 
Apartm ent! 

STO C K R A N C H 
Close by in M edino Co. 8oo ocres. 
Total, 263 a cre s in cu ltivation. 
Good water, hunting, mineral. 
Cull Riley Flynn. 
Niles 698 2842 
$5oo acre 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6395 
■ 'WINOSOS 
RAS* MAU 

I im im. 
G R E A T A M E R IC A 
C O M I ’A N II *S 
G re a t b u y - Ft 
C la r k S p r in g s m em bership. 53,925 655 8164. 

AN E X C E L L E N T L O C A T IO N 
2327 Vance Jackson Rd. Available soon. Space tor beauty shop, flor­ ist or other I OOO sq.ft. S27S mo. 
735-o961, 696-7777.________________ 
Austin Hwy industrial PorfiT 47o8 
Broom. 95o sq.ft. S2So per mo. 
653-916o 
______ 
________ 

 with a view of Lake L B J Livin g room has double rock fireplace risin g 2-stories to the top of th* cathedral ceiling. Large, spacious bedroom s with luxury baths. The c ir c u la r d r iv e w a v sw e e p s m oiesticaiiy up the hillside. 3 car oarage. I to accom odate a large boat Asking price’ $115,ooo Call 
Betty Brow n 512-598-5257 Pox- 
Gibbs Realty._____________________ 

R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
T h e re a re num erous ranches of 64o acres or larger in L A S A L L E A N D W E B B 
C O U N T Y that we think are good in v e stm e n ts. 
F o r s p e c ific information, call or write 
L E E R. P E T E R S 
1-879-2759 
P O. S O X 563, Cotulla, Tx. 78QI4 
QUAIL CREEK VILLAGE 

*1 8 o U P 
2 5 2 6 NE LOOP 4 1 o 

I BABCOCK VILLA A 
P t T 
) 
' 
3o19 Fredericksburg Road 
I k PFFiriFNiriF<; i 
9 
3 r f d r o o m I 

2 room furnished apt, bills paid, no deposit *8o mo 736-4o78 before 
S pm._____________________________ 
TO B U Y or S E L L C A L L 
69o-8563 
L Y N D O N B R O W N & A SSO C S 

Hill Country 5 ocres. $425 down payment, $66,3o per month. M an y trees, rolling hills Owner financ­ ing available. C all for appoint- ment 734 7964_____________________ 

2673 H arvaM Avenue 

Son Angelo, Texas 769o1 

R O O M M A T E needed to sh a re apartm ent. 344-t*t6. 
A ll sizes to meet a n y need. All areas of S.A. Ernest Sable Com- m erciol Prop. 349-3639.___________ 
4 R o o m s . C lo se to S A C , b u s 
W alking distance to town 
734-5833. 
U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
145 ocres-creek-dense woods 
J K L E IG H T O N , R E A L T O R S 
Vonderpool, 78885 
512-966-34oo 
EFFICIENCIES, 
I, 
2, 
3 
B E D R O O M 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate prices ranging from $ 1 5 5 . to $365. 
Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis Courts. 
FURN. O R UNFURN. RATES. 

Corner business for rent, 1923 W. 
Commerce. 227-2832. 735-563o. 
H O R SH O E B A Y on Lake L B J Lot on Cham pionship Golf course. By owner. 512-693 4621 
Sharing a 3 bedroom apartm ent al the Boardw alk is easy on the wallet, just $11o each for 3 people. 
You can divide your time am ong the pool, club room, and laundry. 
We are also close to Central P ark and Wonderland. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry GlUingwater Co 

F o r Le ase : B ric k W a re h o u se . 
44oo sa. ft., c o v e re d lo a d in g 
Fenced, easy Interstate acc e ss 
223-2695 or 822-9523_______________ 

W A T E R W A T E R W A T E R 
7oo acres, highly im proved with fro n ta ge on the Little B la n c o 
River, 2 spring-fed creeks, 5 tanks plus deep well and pressure sy s­ tem s. B ig c y p r e ss and p e c a n trees, deer, turkey, doves and quail in abundance. 5395 per acre with generous owner financing. 
B. F. D A V ID S O N R E A L T O R 
512-392-8156 A N Y T IM E 
W E CAN S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H -F A R M OR H O M E 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U STO N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 or 249-3314 

G U A D A L U P E C O U N T Y R A N G E 
L A N D 
55 a cre s, gently ro llin g sa n d y loam pasture, native cover, water well, c h o ic e o* a c c e ss . 
J T 
S L U D E R 344 2341 
B O B JO N ES, R E A L T O R 

L A K E H IL L S 
House, 7 lots, shade, utilities, I mi. from lake 
695-8911 Watson & Son I 751 233o r 
13oo ACRES 
^ 
MEDINA COUNTY 
Excellent hunting and grazing land 49 mile! from city limit!. a! San Antonio Vi mineral in­ cluded. $35o per acre 
29",. down Balance 15 year, at 7c-o. 
45o ACRES 
W15TESN BANDERA COUNTY 
An excellent place for the person who want* that paradise at the end of the road. Hunters cabin with e*ec« tricity, beautify! rolling hills, deep canyons with springs, a hunters paradise with white toil deer, wtid turkey. Russian 
Boor and stocked with exotic black buck antelope 
12o ACRES 
BANDERA 
Rock home, gue.t haute, all the barm, pent cmd futilities fat cattle ai ho-se operation. 
Improved g ra .tn 
M olted pond lice creek, deer, turkey and Axis deer $19o ooo with terms negotiable. 
JOHN R. LANGFORD, 
REALTOR v 
698-2111 or 1-796-3938 
A 
^ g M R w a a M q H M M B I l w 

F O R L E A S E : R e sta u ra n t and lounge, beautiful Hill Country re­ sort - The R ive r End. K e rrv ille area Call (512) 257-37o4: 238-4226 or write The R iver End, Hunt, T X 
78o24. 
_______________________ 

L A K E L B J -L e a se short or ionq term. Ultra laketront home 2 elec lifts. Golf, tennis, pool 1-598-2743, 
I 258-6984 
_ ____ 
Sm all turn. 3 room apt. carport, couple only, references ant) Pep required . Tenant p ays utilities. 
575mo. 14o9 Quintana Rd. 695 3281 
FO R L E A S E : 15oo sq.ft. m echan ieal sh o p or w a re h o u s e w ith p a rk in g and fenced y a rd in M 
Zone $35o mo. plus utilities. Carl- ton Hageistein Jr. 223-6331._______ 

Lak e Placid , 'to c re , restricted area C O O K E R E A L T Y 923 2712 
99 acres scenic stock ranch near 
Seguin ond (HIO- All im p ro ve d g ra sse s- good well, 4 ta n k s-E x - c e lle n t-la rg e b arn , feed shed, w o rksh o p , out b u ild in g b ld g s. 
F e n c e s 
M o d e r n 3-2-2 r a n c h home. M o re values. Just 51,5oo 
Der acre 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379-5947 
SE G U IN , T E X . 
5o1 E 
Kingsbury P O Box 1122 

H i l l Country Ranch 
Near Junction-97o Acres 
2 wells with concrete stock tanks. Good barns, corrals, fences. Lots of game. Mile of paved road frontage. Like new brick 3 br, 2 bath, fire­ place. 
$325 
P E R 
A C R E . 
T E R M S. 
Philip D. W ard & Assoc 
Houston (713) 626-3o71 

L A K E V I E W L O T , la k e of T he 
Hills, terms. 342-o668. 
_____ 
GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(Just off Broadway md North loop 41o) 
(Close to Crown Tower Bldg.) 

• Adults Only 
• Hom e like atm osphere 
• Large I bedroom apts. 
• 2 Bedroom apts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 
• Pool • Party room 
• Laundry • Bus line 
• All utilities paid 
828-42oo 

L B J W A T E R F R O N T , 3 bedroom, central air, full basement, double boathouse, e le c tric lifts, (915) m 4835. (512) 342-21o3. 

G O O D ST O R E S P A C E 
A L A M O HGTS. 17oo ft. D re ss or gift shop. 
F R E D H O E Y , CO 
822-3421 

35o3 N O R T H P A N A M 
223-3218 
M O N .-FR I. 9-6 
What type Ranch do you w ant? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 226-5184 
RI. 3 Box 221, Son Antonio, 78218 
Lovely 3 bedroom fam ily home, 
Lake 
Placid, 
Trees. 
569.5oo. 
I 379-7676________________________ 
FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

Lake LBJ. 75 x268' waterfront on 
Colorado, deeD water, retaining wail, dock. Zoned mobile home. 
52o,ooo. 494-28o9 eves.____________ 
A p a r t m e n g r 

 j n j S e l e c t o p 
We’D find yours, free. 

O H M 7 DAYS A W B 
OWW C t* THROUGHOUT T K A * 

3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

DI Bf CT C O SR tS BOND SN C f TO 
4123 N. C M T R A L EXPWY. 
DALLAS, TIX. 7SZo4 

C o ve re d w alk w ay from car to apt., laundry and mailbox area so you w on't get drenched, la rge r ro o m s so you w on’t b a rk yo u r shins. 342-9113 826-1594 and see. 
T H E K IN G ST O N A PT S. 
22o2 Vance Jackson For T LC 

 apartments leasing Daily 9-6; Sunday 
1-6 
1 Bedroom $1 5o 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
All 
Utilities 
Paid. 
Large playgrounds, 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board, 
Lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools. 
Near Brooks A F B. State Hospital, 
Pecan Valley Golf Course. 
Truly tne best rental value in town. 
2715 Lasses 
333-5339 

38 A C R E S , p a stu re and land. 
Tonk and large barn, 648-33o2, 
542-15o8 
Peb ble beach w ater, electric, telephone, p riv a te p o r k s ond launchers- wooded. SIB monthly. 
B IL L E S S E X 341 594) 
FROM 
Near San Francisco Steak House. 
O ffic e -W a re h o u se sp a ce . C a ll 
Sandy 
69o-98o2, w eekends 
3 4 2 - 2 9 3 4 .________________ 
M obile hom e with air. attached room, and patio, at Lake L.B.J. on 
58x17o' lot, 824 ' 172.______________ 
1526 W. Elsm ere. ST IS Furn. Apt. I bedroom, ww, cent air. 733-8176 or i925-8474 ask for Laura___________ 
NS, close to airport. Oftice-war- ehouse, 1357 sa. ft. A L SO Office, 
6oo sa. ft. util pd. Janitorial ser 
Vice. 
Astro 
Investm ent 
Co. 
344-8388 

2o ac. 3 miles past Loop 41o, Hwy 
87 East in China Grove. 17oo ti. rood and hwy. frontage. Retail, warehouse, or light mfg. 56ooo per acre, 648 3321 

P E B B L E B E A C H -M E O IN A 
Waterfront home-2,ooo sa ri. 
695 8811 Watson & Son 1-751 233o 
Monthly bedrooms 

N O LEAS! 

TENNIS COURT 

ADULT L IV IN G — N O PETS 

WAR.RIN HOUSE 
3222 N.W. loop 41o 
“tit inter section of BtwhurtT ond acce** rood 41o" 
342-4o29 

R IV E R F R O N T LO T S 
C Y P R E S S H O L L O W IN B A N 
D E R A C O - Beautiful riverfront lets on the crystal clear Sabinal 
River. Id e al for p e rm a n e n t or resort home. Located on FM187, approx. 4 mi. north of Utopia, 
Texas Cull Utopia (512) 966-34o7 weekends; weekdays call Austin 
345-587o 
T Y N E S R E A L T Y 

IOO A C R E S 
15 m ile s W est of D ille y. Som e minerals, good hunting. Owner financed. 
156 A C R E S in N orthw est L a Salle County. 
Good hunting, Ow ner financed. 
L O M A V IS T A P R O P E R T IE S 
P O B O X 29o 
D IL L E Y , T E X , 78o17 
512-965-7512 
965-76o7 

 or over pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS. 
Block of Ft. Sam North Gate 
826-9159, 826-1594 

3,ooo sq.ft. for Retail, W arehouse or Office. 4o21 N oco-Perrin next to Carpet Center. Shown by appt. 
Call 653-8741. 
_____ 

Hill country K e rrv ille orea. 25o ocres. Portly gam e proof fenced. 
W ould m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o tic game ranch. Will stock and man oqe tor you. Excellent white full deer hunting. $175,ooo. W ill fin- once. 1-866-3471 
_ 

P i acre m ain th o ro u gh fare at railroad. N ear new shop center. 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 826-2521 

J LA PLAZA 9 
« 341-4621 • 

• I -2-3 Bedrooms 
4Pi 
Cb • Single ond Family 
X U 
I _ 
Sections 
^ 
RP » Fireplaces w i 
, ( £ * Tennis 
4W 
• 115 HW LOOP 41o o 
% 
Across From 
# 
# 
North Star AM! # 

8,ooo sa ft. R E T A IL S P A C E . Will rent all or part. Lone Oak Mall. 
N e x t to H E B sto re , 921 
S. 
W W .White, shown by appt, 
653-8741. 

Rd. frontage, zoned Bus. -opt. 
Great potential, priced right. 
341 4455 
R E A L T O R S 
433-1859 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, lodge, tennis c o u r ' 
O n 25 o c r e s or m o re . 
5 IOO non 1666-3471________________ 
H O U R 
N O R T H 
OF 
SA N 
A N T O N IO 
94o a cre s live creek, ra n ch or sub-divide. 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
923-2712 
___ __ 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 
FROM $185 

72oo S PRESA 

 fO> 
532-7389 

87oo Square feet of m asonry fire­ proof bldg. Good for variety of uses. Zoned high. Large parking area close to mails. M U S T S E E ! 
Very reasonable. 
696-5o48 
696-5243 

W AN T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n sa s P a ss or Port A ra n sa s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 Gordina______________ 732-1362 

195 
A C R E S . 
5 mi. 
N .W . of 
Castroville Good hunting, excel­ lent place for lake. 57oo per acre, good term s 
117 A C R E S , 9 mi. N E of Hondo. 
29 ocres in field, good hunting. 
575o per acre. Good terms. 
1155 A C R E S , 12 mi. n o rth of 
Sabinal. I 1* mi. of Sabinal R iver 4 i wells, very good hunting, $35o per acre. Good terms. 
3oo A C R E S . IO mi. so u th Of 
. D 'H a n is. C o a sta l and so rg h u m grass. Good fishing and hunting. 
$8oo per acre, good terms. 
464 A C R E S , 8 mi. S W of Hon- doWell with windmill, good tank, excellent hunting. 55oo per acre. 
153 A C R E S, 5 mi. west of Hondo. 
Small lank, good well, good hunt­ ing 57oo per acre. Good terms. 
673 A C R E S , 14 mi. north of Hondo 
Very nice cabin, air conditioned and heated. Good well and corral. 
Excellent hunting. $525 per acre with good terms, 
141 A C R E S , 12 mi. north of Sabin­ al. Good hunting. 54oo per acre. 
Good terms. 
74 A C R E S , 9 mi. N E. of Hondo. 
575o per acre. Good terms. 
C L A U D E S C H U E H L E R E A L T Y 
M il M T H S T R E E T 
HONDO. TX. 
78861 
512 426-2412 
512-426-251o 
M E M B E R T F R A _________ 
5 A C R E S n e a r B la n c o . $5995. liberal financing by owner. 
.534-8876.__________________________ 

NORTHEAST 

• 5 2 A C R E S • 
F ro n ta g e on Loop 41o ond So. 
W W .White Rd. Perfect for lite mfg. or shopping center 
SAN T E X CO., R E A L T O R S 
653-o46o 

 r \ r l e n p o e e 

 p a i ^ t m e n t s 
Storage space zoned M F G cen­ tral, lust oft IH37 exit 125o sq.ft. 
56o mo. 18oo sa.ri. 585 mo. D a y s 
728-9988 
H U N T IN G r a n c h 
M9 acres on Hwv 16 af Kerr-Ban- dera C ounty line b a c k s up to 
1o,ooo a c re ra n c h . P le n ty of game. 2 sm all sp rin g f**d lakes stocked with boss and cadish 
C om fortab le cab in, fu rn ish e d , sleeps 6 
JA C K JA C K S O N R E A L E S T A T E 
695-9195 or ’ 589-2837___ 

COUNTRY LIVING 
CITY CONVENIENCE 

W A R E H O U S E FO R L E A S E 
Near downtown, 3oM + sq ft. R R siding. access to freeway. 
Reasonable. 
341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
684-29o9 
L A U R E N R B A R N E E E Y 

6 '« A C R E S - K E L L Y D R IV E IN 
T H E A T R E P roperty. F rio City 
Rd. All fenced and clean. Good for rem odeling drive-in theatre or any other com m ercial venture. 
328-4452, 826-519o_________________ 

Private Party. Coll 6B4-7342 

 o s-' t n u n n i f N T S 
* 
6 5 3 - 7 3 o o ow Rent 
I J, J 
Mo. Up 
SINGLE LEVEL 
FURNISHED-UNFURNISHED 

656-2116 
71o6 Glen Terrace 
Close to Randolph AFB 

Oak Ridge Estates on Lake LBJ. 
Lots startin g at $5,ooo about 7 miles from M arb le Falls off 281. 
Owner wit! finance, cam ping on lots perm issable. Fo r into, coll 
512-598 288o. 
__ 

W A R E H O U S E 17oo sq.ft. Offices, 
6 ft. cyclone fence, near 16o4 and 
IH-1o North $575 per mo. or In- quire, 344-o246, rates 655-1843. 

• Mixed Dunk (tub 
Facilities i 

• Gym und fre e f ie f tne 
Classes 
I 
• Beauty Shop 
J 
• Sauna Whirlpool 
* 

• tennis Courts 3 pools 

• frost Free rfclngerotory 
• IO Minutes to ■ 
Downtown 

H U N ! T E X A S 
4o A cre s G uadalupe riverfront 
Charm ing 2-storv rock house with all m odern conveniences. Hills, field, w ell, p a v e m e n t. 
B Y 
O W N E R 
K e r r v il le 896 244o, 
896-1o18, 257-7823. 
__ 

IU m in e d — 
Z O N E D B-2 
Priced for fast sale. Call 
226-8357 
' 342-9338 
344-9424 
Let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
ToWNHoUSE-APARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
828-o681 
FREE— No charge to you 
“The P ro fessio n a ls in o p t. lo ca tin g . ” 

NEWLY 
DECORATED 
Furnished And 
Unfurnished Apts, for lease 
Couples only 
Call 826-9554 or 826-2878 

8.ooo sq. ft. new m asonry building for sole, near expressw ay, easy term s for strong buyer. 
9.ooo sq ft., M asonry building for tease, month to month or long term. 
4,5oo sq «. for lease. 
P E A C O C K , R E A L T O R S , 824-o511 

A U S T IN H W Y 
34o on Austin Hwy. 18,ooo sqft. total. Now resid e n tial— will sell subiect to rezoning. 
$52,5oo. 
655-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 

95.6 irrigated acres, 4 mi south of 
41o on M edina R iver 922-9796 
By Owner, Point Venture on Lake 
T ravis, 2 sto ry, 5 b e d ro o m s, 3 baths, air and central heating, all electric kitchen, sau n a, house boat dock, m a rin a hyd ro boy st, do ck a n d fu r n it u re o p tio n a l. 
$119,ooo 
512-474-1723 before 
M A M . 
_____ 
AparimdJT--- 
I M M 

4o32 I. Southcross 
337-5242 

121 A cre s Belgian Garden, new fence, flowing irrig. well. On Leon 
C reek. C o n sid e r so m e tra d e . 
Might sell Dart. For sale and fin­ anced bv owner 
695-89o5; 
695 32o5 
_ 
_ _ __________ 

• 23o5 W. Commerce* 
E X C E L L E N T f o r y o u r o f ­ f i c e or R E T A IL B U S IN E S S . $75. 
C A LL 226-9126, 734-5522. 
G A L IN D O R E A L T Y CO, Owner. 

E s t a b lis h e d b u s in e s s , lo rq e 
•'Oiume p ro d u ce r. Land and all buildings includes Band era Rd. 
Heavy traffic count. 344-3471 Mr. 
Or-i; 34i 19o1 
BOB B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
I minute to *H-T o. 
Private adult and family section. 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodstone Drive 

Near 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 

21o acre ranch near Kendalia, Tx. 
C le a r r u n n in g C y p r e s s lin e stream , n ative pecan, fenced, barn, windmill, goo! shed, deer, turkey, fish, 9 acre fenced field, beautiful bldg sile. One of the few 
Picture-Book" sm all farm s left. 
Low down, owner financing, pos­ sible option rem aining 2oo acres. 
T M Edw ards 695-3511, 681 1876. 
Bob Cage, 695 8174________________ 

LOTS 
471 A C R E S N E A R D IL L E Y 
W ater, p a v e d ro a d s. T e r m s 
C O O K E R E A L T Y 923-2712 ______ 

6 Locations convenient to Dow n­ town, M c C re le ss, B ro o k s A F B 
Efficiencies, I and 2 Bedroom . 
From $125 mo. 533-948o, 533-o511, 
533-13oo____________ _ 

$98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apt. 
Air, 2 Blk* Kelly. Call Any D ay Or 
Night. J a.m. - IO p.m. 922-o634, 
$133 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, 
Air, Call Any Day or Eves. 7:3o 
A.M. - 9 P.M. 333-1851.____________ 
Furnished or Unfurnished, N ear 
D ow ntow n, L u x u r y Apt, 2 b e ­ droom , 2 bath In q u ire 4o4 E. 
Park, Apt I. or 655-2852 atter 
6:3oPM __________________ 
F U R N - U N F U R N : U tilitie s PCL shag , 2 pools, 5185 UP Painters 
Mill 52oo Blanco. 349-2222________ 

Close to 
UTSA. 
MANY to select from. I with mobile home, ready for new owner, and price is a STEAL!! 3 in 
Jefferson orea. Owners say, 
• SELL! SELL! SELL! 

Z O N E D B i 73oo Blanco Rd 
655-21o3 OI 342-7o93 
22o Acres of brush in Frio County 
Deer and lavelina. 155o Der acre. 
334 2455 
______ 
____ 

IN D U S T R IA L LO TS ~ Acre and up, Zoned 1-1; fully developed. 
V I P Park. Ea sy term s. 433-1489. 
Limited number of effi­ ciencies and 
I -bedroom apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfur­ nished. Now available. 

Choice C h u rch P rop e rty, N.W 
Brick construction. 
733-7141 
735-555o 

A ir conditioned apt, near SAC, large 2 bedroom, well furnished, adults, no pets. 733-o514._________ 
IO A c re s on N u e c e s R iv e r, in 
Uvalde County Nice trailer home, pecan bottom and well. 53o,ooo term s J W R A IN E R E A L T O R . 
512 278-5692 or 512-278-3577 

A L A M O H E IG H T S l-Bedroom , garage, water paid, adults, 5135. 137 Terrell Rd. Apt. I. 
8 2 6 -2 6 4 4 .______________________ 
EFFICIENCIES 

I -2-3 Bedroom Flats to 
Bedroom Townhouses 

3815 Parkdale 
= > 
696-3499 

58oo 
MENNA BASE ROAD 
674-7oo4 

15 A C R E S -S e g u in , 4o mi., 2 mi. 
IM IO. Pecan trees,house, m ore ideol retirement. 822-131o 

81,225 sq.ft. ( 1,255 sq.ft. attice). 
R a il-d o ck load ing-3o ft. u n d e r beam. Prim e location. Near IH-35 and Rittiman Rd. Available July t, 1977. Contact R ichard Klitch 
341-9191 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R E A L T O R S 
V 349-6211 

APTS. F U R N I S H E D 
5.25 acres 8 miles south of K e rr­ ville, Good Trees, building sites, electricity available, al! weather road, mobiles allowed. Not rough 
B y o w n e r. SIDO dow n, $73 98 monthly. D ays call 1-512-896 2525 
Nights call 
1-512-257-64)1 or 
1-512-257-3oo1 ________________ _____ 

Leased-triple net. Good Northside location. 
Call 
W B . 
Kieffer 
341-919) 

IO A C R ES-W est of 16o4. Excellent soil 15 yr. ow ner finance. Call 
349 2611, eve 341-1855____________ 
Quiet H om e 
Style liv in g 

Effic. to 3 bdrm. Townhouses with fireplaces. 12 floor plans. Adult & 
Family Areas. 
6623 C allaghan Rd. 
_ 
696-32oA 

■ 
B 
B 
S 

 ll I 
ADULT LIVING 
I 

B A N D E R A and E V E R S RD. 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-3311 

57 A C R E S 
Will sell all or halt 
M od e st 3 bed room , w ater well 
T e r m s by o w n e r. 
733-7141, 
344 1633, 735-555o 

S P A C IO U S R O O M S O N F A I R ­ 
W A Y S O F P E C A N V A L L E Y 
G O LF 
C O U R SE . 
Pool, 
Club included. 
1 B E D R O O M , F R O M 5184. 
2 B E D R O O M , F R O M $224. 
3 B E D R O O M , F R O M $239. 

B U IL D E R S - D E V E L . O P E RS 
3 acres, oaks Exclu sive suburb 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
Corner, heavy traffic. House tor conversion or good business site. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2S21 
Corner Verne ond Burton, I block east of Commercial. I block of SW 
Military 
Dr. 
515,ooo. 
924-81 16, 
333 3429 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
D o c to r's office bldg, 6ooo sa,ft 
Small down and assume. 
734 5434 C P K O S U B 342-o343 
F O R S A L E OR L E A S E . 33,ooo sa.ft. building, one-storv, zoned c o m m e rc ia l, n e a r d ow n tow n , close to freew ay, in c lu d e s ap­ prox. 2 a c re s of land. Lo ts of parking. Available im m ediately.- 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
696-5311 
_________________ 

K E R R V I L L E R O C K S P R IN G S 
A R E A , 8,5oo acres, all or part; m in e ra ls , im p r o v e m e n t s , 
5-bedroom house; $25o.oo acre; term s 
A N D R E R S O N F IT Z G E R A L D - G IA 
INC. 4545 Post Oak Place Drive. 
Houston, Tx. 77o27 626-34oo. 

FR TNT DOO* BUS SERVICE 
B P * C B B S M C C p B 5 B B ! 

$ n o r t h 
] 
APARTMENTS 

Country Living in the City • 
I-trad room Apts, now available 
Furnished or Unfurnished j 
6 miles north of Loop 41o on Babcock turn left at Springtime 
I 
6 9 4 2 Spring Branch 

APTS. F U R N I S H E D 
2-8EDROQM. $2o5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
WAREHOUSE 
SPACE 
Prime location in San A n­ tonio's finest industrial 
Park at the lowest m arket rates. Can handle up to 
5o,ooo square feet. For in ­ formation call 
RICHARD 
HARRISON or 
HOLT 
ATHERTON at the 
HENRY S. 
MILLER CO. 

REALTORS 

F 
V 
B 
' l 
826-3251 

Q uietly se clu d e d in W o o d law n 
H ills B u ild now or hold for in­ vestment Term s available 53,8oo to 56ooo Paved streets All utili­ ties Near Schools and shopping. 
N e ar B a n d e ra R d and B e n ru s 
Dr. For details call Louis Flores, 
732-2241.___________________________ 

5 A C R E S w ith lu sh vie w a n d pretty trees near Bandera. 57,22o with nothing down or terms to suit. 
P IP E C R E E K R E A L T Y 695-3242 

POOL UTILITIES PO. CLOSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER AND PoST 
OFFICE 
THE 
HABITAT 
3815 WEST AVE. 
344-772o 

34SO E. SO U T H C R O SS 
333-9o2o_______ 
R IT T IM A N RD. AT IH35 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 
656-1 OOT 

M C M U L L E N C O U N T Y 
15-45-8o Acres, 6 m iles west T il­ den. M esa brush land. Beautiful view. Deer. Javalina, Quail and dove. S h e ll oil a ctiv ite s. C o ll 
512-274-3279 or 512-274-3291________ 

Jeff areo, effic garage apt, air, bills paid. 735-6888 

Join our com m unity w here all ages share the good life. Relax in the pool or join your friends in the c lu b h o u se . V e n tu re o v e r to nearby Central P a rk or W onder­ land. The Boardw alk offers 2 and 
3 bedroom apartm ents from $245. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry Gillingwater Co. 

TURTLE CREEK 
EFFICIENCIES 
- C A B A N A S 

2 -BED RO O M S 
STARTING at $16o. 
8631 FAIRHAVEN 

2ooo Ac. Sa n d y Soil, best quail cou ntry in T e x a s! A lso loaded with trophy deer! 5275-Ac. Term s. 
P io n e e r 
In v e st m e n t s, 
713 783 729o. Eves, 713-465-o954 
338 Arm y, attractive I bedroom, large living room, separate din mg, large w alk-in closets. Com plete p r iv a c y . I c a r g a r a g e 
822-9766, 344-69o8. 
___________ 

M E D IN A C O U N T Y , 129 Acres, 65 farm, balance pasture, deer, sub­ stantial down payment, owner will finance. C ontact E lo ise Peter, 
349 5)61 696 o453. ________________ 

H IL L C O U N T R Y V IL L A G E , 2.12 acres of beautiful oaks, good area for building Niles 349-8337 
W H IS P E R IN G H IL L S , 1.5 acre homesite. M ust see to appreciate 
Small running stream on proper­ ty Niles 349-8337 
494 5571 

3,677 + ac 
U valde Co On U S 
Hwy 83. Lots of good block land, fenced and 4 pastures. A hunters paradise. All min. only $344 ac. 
5/o,ooo down 3o y rs on balance. 
L B N O R R O D R L T Y 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I, T E X A S 
512 853-8241____________ 

N E A R B A N D E R A 
45 acres Hill Country. Spring fed c re e k 
H w y fro n ta g e . 
O a k covered, views. 
Jim 
Taylor 
824-4898 
_______________ 
Astoria 
1o363 S A H A R A 344-6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
342 E. S U N S H IN E 734-4422 

L A R A N o rth e ffic ie n c y apts. 
Clean and com fortable. Utilities 
Pd. Near UTSA, U SAA, and Med 
Ctr. 535. Wk. or 1135. mo. 5848 
Babcock Rd. near Huebner Rd. 
696-7424. 
______ 

25x5o bldg - lot, make otter 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A TSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
6 9 6 - 4 5 1 o 
N E A R PO TH 
ISO acres plus good house, coastal and pasture, public water, 2 stock ponds A Steal at $55o per acre. 
622-3363. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S l l ' ac h illio p m ile s of view equity and assum ption $15,ooo 
IF Y O U L IK E C O U N T R Y L IV 
ING, call us about 2 residential lots in Sun Valley. 341 4666, nites 
344-7o36 
Don Bouciieiie 
& CO. INC R E A L T O R S M L S 

L A R G E E F F I C IE N C Y . A la m o 
Hts. Close to Broadw ay. 828-68o6 
Unbelievably priced is this beau­ tiful business lot on F M 1518. 
•A U ST IN H W Y E F F IC IE N C IE S * 
Bills paid. 522 37wk. 824-19o8 
N E Areo. Quiet sm a ll com plex with pool. Utilities furn. 2 Br-den 
Townhouse or 2 B r with fireplace. 
L u x u r y a p a rtm e n ts at low e st cost. 342-331o, 349-o219____________ 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

SOO ac., irrig well, peanut allot, coastal, creek, rd front *75o 
Austin Hwy- IH 35 N area. 585-595 
Furn or Unfurn. I ond 2 bedroom cottages. Clean, quiet, p arklik e area. Bills p a n pd. No Children, no pets. 826-4o51__________________ 

New Braunfels H om es-Acreage 
Scheel & Assoc. Realty 
395 Landa, New Braunfels 
625-8o78 r S A 658 1477 
Over 13,ooo acres Good house 4 wells, lots of gam e. O w n e r fin ­ a n ce d 
P r in c ip a ls on ly. S a m 
Campbell 
512-344-4529, 
512-656-7667 
B O B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

Save g a s m iles! N ear town con- venicne. 235 How ard off HOO N. 
Main. I B E D R O O M F U R N . 1-Blk 
M o a n B a n k , L u b v s, E x p w a y , 
Hospitals. 226-8492________________ 
L IV E B E T T E R FO R L E S S! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N OR U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S APT S. 
2931 E. S O U T H C R O SS 
534-88o8 

Lots tor sole, 2143 Bandera, 1318 
Basse, 12519 San Pedro, 734-5o41 
N E A R F T S A M 
2 Bedroom duplex, stove, retrig water od. 51oo. 824-8369. 
115 M cCauley 'j block off Plea­ santon 
Rd. 
51o,ooo. 
924-8116, 
111. 14o9 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
N E E D P R IM E L O C A T IO N ’ 
5 acres off Probandt and IM IO 
Zoning to meet buyer's needs 
Priced to sell, owner carry 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333-1 163 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 

192 ac., field, brush, shed-, game, well, birds, term s $55o 
736 ae , farm land windmill, born, pen, highw ay S55o. 
11721 Parliament 
349-3149 

9oo B A S S E R D Northside 
4 room upper adult, no pets, bills pod. $1oo. 826-6166 Also 2 room bachelor eft. $95. ond $75,________ 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F IC E S P A C E in grow ing N.W. sector. R easona­ ble rates. Greater S.A. Butlers 
Assoc. 
8925 N.W IH-1o. 696-38oo. 

N e a r U T S A , M ed, C tr, U S A A . 
Townhouse, J bedroom s, electric kitchen, drapes, carpeted. Ten nis, 
Swim m ing. 
S235,_696 6121, 
492-2533 

75x197 paved, utilities 
828-o665 
7361766 
734-4117 
W A T SO N a SO N R E A L T O R S 
Jefferson area, 5ox165 . conven- lenl school, best offer, 433-226o. 
I bedroom furnished apt, clean n e a r b us. O n ly S H S p e r mo. 
Lucille 
Bierschw ale 
344-2341, 
344-5549 
B O B J O N E S, R E A L T O R S 

A A A A A A Hom e of your own can be yours for as little as $2oo down and paym ents less than rent. No 
Credit? O K ! 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
Adult complex, 3 bedrooms, $45o. 
Bills paid. Y r lease. 828-o591. 

75 ac., creek, tank, field, brush, plenty deer, birds $8oo 
18oo ac , irriation system , cross fenced, tank, oil incom e$6oo. 
196 ac., H ig h w a y , well, tank. mostly field, good land, term s 
$615. 
O T H E R S A V A IL A B L E 
P E T E H A R D T . B R O K E R 
663-2622 
D E V IN E , TX. 
T.F.R.A. M E M B E R 
_____ 

O W N E R F IN A N C E D . Castroville 
Area, 5oo-3oo Acres, 75 cultivated, 
2 good houses, Edw ards well, ex­ cellent hunting, 5 tanks. 1-426-3578 
1-426-3441. 
____ 
_____ 

N E E D A N A P T - C A L L US 
T E X A S A PT. L O C A T O R S 
349-3685«NO FEE«S15o up 
LOT F O R S A L E , G arden Ridge, corner lot. $1o,5oo. 
R O SSI R E A L T Y _________ 494-7781 
4127 M T 
L A U R E L D R in M L 
Lau rel Sub off IH IO W est and 
Wurzbach. 72x12o ft,, paved alley 
$1 1,5oo Terms. 696 44o5, M on F ri or 341 5646 daily 8om -topm _______ 

M ature Middle age lady will share hom e w ith sam e, lovely yard, quiet neighborhood, N E, reasona- ble, 8 2 4 - o 3 2 6 . _________ _ 

H a n d so m e g a rd e n o ffic e s fo r creative minds. Inform al, reason­ ably priced. Convenient at 1938 
N E Loop 41o. Leasing. 826-3251. 
Henry S. Miller Co. R E A L T O R S . 
C O R N E R F R E D E R I C K S B U R G 
RD A N D C A L L A G H A N , proper­ ty, 2258 sq.ft., im m e d ia te o c ­ cupancy, below market. Contact: 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bedim. 
Apts. 
All Electric Kitchens. 
Outside Storage. N.5. Schools. 

4411 Gardendale 
.EJ 
696-4892 

Investm ent opportunity, 2 bust- ness lots on Bulverde Rd. 
M E T R O H O U SE -D O W N T O W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y F U R N 
512o. to 5135. 213 4TH ST 226-7333 

B e a u tifu l 2 b e d ro o m T O W N ­ 
H O U S E , 2 b a th s p lu s w a sh e r- d ry e r co n n e c tio n s. G re a t N E location. Only $315. Mo. Bills pd. 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o68) 

A L A M O HTS. I Bedroom $175. 2 
Bed room $21o. Central alr-heat. 
Bills pd. 826-737o 
__________ 
IM 37S Old house, b a m s, well, 
2ooo ft. on IH-37 Term s open 
344-6268 
341-6655 
684-5768 

I Bedroom, furn. Air conditioned, 
Presa Bus, M cC re le ss, Brooks, 
588. 824-6536, 532-792o 
Mobile efficiency furnished. Bills 
Od Air conditioned Near Brooks 
A FB . $125 mo. 533-7163 
B O B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

SW. 75x15o lot fully equip, travel trailer, sto ra ge bldg 
R e a d y to move on! $39,5oo. 333 135o________ 

B E A U T IF U L Tree House Apts, in gard en Com plex, near B ra ck e n ­ rid g e Pk. T rin ity U and D o w n ­ town. View of City. Pool. Laundry. 
M o d e rn and com fortable. M a n ­ age r, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
A P T S. 1315 E. M ulberry, 826-1243 

B U Y E Q U IT Y , assum e loan, IOO a c re s , A t a s c o s a Co 
H u n tin g cabin, deer, quail and dove and 3 good fishing ianks, good stables and Dens, lots of coastal, good fences 
H U G H E S S B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o696 

Owner Corry ami consider offers, nearest $3o,ooo for zoned J com ­ mercial business off San Pedro. 
Jim W agner 344-2341, 828-246o 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

Bills pd. Dellcrest Center, $145. I bedroom apt. 648-3399.___________ 
W anted-Lots 6o X12o' restricted to 
8oo so ft. house. 532-7o44. 
M O B IL E H O M E S N E A R K E L L Y 
A N D 
L A C K L A N D . 
F E N C E D 
Y A R D 
2 B E D R O O M , I BA T H . 5135 
2 B E D R O O M , I BATH . 514o 
Plus 565 security deposit, water furnished 
2415 Castroville, 433-2o64 

145 Clarem ont, off 32oo B ro o d way, I bed room apt. Spacious, air. Near FL Sam, Brack. Pk. 585 
Water pd. 227-7834_______________ 

R E A L T O R S 
IN O N E O F S A N A N T O N IO S most luxurious sm aller buildings. 
Idea! tor tea room, offices, or high ticket retail. There is approx 16oo sq. ft. available. Call for details. 
349-1436 Anytime 

L u x u ry I bed room tow nhouse, electric kitchen, fully carpeted, p riva cy patio, utilities pd, $19o 
M O R R IS R E A L T Y , 654-o616. 

26oo P L U S SO. FT. 3 bedroom. 2 bath, 2-story sits high on hill to o v e rlo o k Ih 'S 96 a c re fa rm 
Located 7 miles east of Moore. A beautiful home and enough land to get aw ay from it all. O w ner anxious and once reduced to sell. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5597 

2-Bedroom, 2-Bath, 531o. Bills od 
Y e a r lease. 828-o591. 
Clean, close to W oodlaw n and 
Blanco, bus, ideal for single, air, I bedroom, 
*5o 
Dep, 
$9o. mo. 
822-o368._________________________ 

A 29 29 A C R E T R A C T 
G a r n e r P a r k - L e a k e y A re a - heavily wooded good hunting - electricity available. $25o down, 
SIH .49 month Call E m o ry Jones 
734 4627 Or 828-6244._____________ 

C A L D W E L L CO 
1o9 A C R E S , b e au tifu l w in d in g creek, good soil, nice b uild ing site. 3 miles from town. 5695 per acre, excellent owner financing 
22o A C R E S , good creek bottom farmland. $575 per acre 
Ernestine Gabriel, Broker, Lock- hurdt, Tx I 398-3763, 1-398 3362. 

I Bedroom , near 2 bus line, and moll, no pets. 2o6 Rigsby._________ 
Owner carry and consider offers, nearest 53o,ooo for zoned J Com ­ mercial business off San Pedro. 
Jim W agner 344-241, 828-246o 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R 

M O T E L efficiency ap artm e n ts a n d ro o m s. B y d a y. w eek or m onth. 
D I 2-91 I 2, 
P E 4 -6 7 67 , 
LE 2-o1 S2 , C A7-47o2, N e a r Ft. 
Sam. TA2-I377. 
________ _____ 

Coral Sands, 1515 W. Contour, (E of 57oo Sa n P e d ro ), air, pool, water od. 2 bedroom s, furn. SUO. 
I Bedroom, 51o5. 826-7913.________ 

1-2-3 B E D R O O M A P T S 
• Tow nhouses or flats 
• All appliances, drapes 
Carpets, storage areas 
• Utilities paid 
• Lau ndry facilities 
• Recreation room s 
• 4 pools 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H A P T S 
IH IO at W urzback 
Office 9823 Powhatan 69o-1884 
O A K H IL L S V IL L A G E 
Apartm ents and Townhouses 
S17S Up 1847 Babcock 344-9726 
O H B R O A D W A Y , adults, la rge upstairs. SISO. 822-7165.___________ 
I or 2 Bedroom Apartment. 136 E 
Ciaig. 227-t8i3, 341-1586 

— R A N C H L A N D S — 
Land For All Purposes 
No. 7 Flmtstone, 78213 
344-9936 

Beautiful new NW 2 bedroom , 2 bath, lo v e ly sc u lp tu re d sh ag , 
F IR E P L A C E , coordinated wall paper. S U P E R LO C A T IO N . $24o. 
A P A R T M E N T S U M N L IM IT E D 
828-o681 

IF YOU Q U A L IF Y 
F A IN T A N D BO D Y SH O P 3 car sta lls, O S H A -a p p ro v e d s p r a y paint booth and o se p arate re ­ sidence on 1 acre. New construc­ tion, am p le w irin g . R a n d o lp h arco . 
JO 
J A R E S 
R E A L T Y 
6S8-S144 658-3745 
_______ 

IN T H E C E N T E R OF 
L E O N V A L L E Y 
Ideal location. 3 offices plus kit- chenefe. Perfect for insurance, builders, attorneys, etc. Approx. 
6oo sa.ft. Call Charles Schneider 
684-72oo. 

Couple desires co-ed to share 4 bedroom home. 655-43o5. 8-3pm. 
FM15o, big trees owner carry 
828 o665 
736-1766 
734-41 17 
W A T SO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
8o acre h o rse farm , m a n y im ­ provem ents. SO m iles to San An- tonio London M artin 494-6992 

N e ar Ft. Sam . 1 Bedroom Apt. 
1314 E. Grayson. No children, no pets.______________________________ 

1 Bedroom -l Bath $142-5199 
2 Bedroom-1 Bath 5159-5221 
3 Bedroom-2 Bath $179-5246 
All Utilities, Central A ir and Heat, 
R efrigerator, R ange. D isp o sa l, 
Draperies, TV Antenna, Storage 
Units and More. Approxim ately 
15 Minutes from M ilitary Bases. 
924-o41o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave. 

Com al County, 3oo A cres, near 
Canyon Lake Springs. Water fail. on creek, very rough and scenic. 
P aved access, srnuii am ount of 
Guadalupe R iver frontage Deer, turkey, fishing, $85o an Acres. 
T e rm s____________________________ 

• DO W N TO W N P O ST O F F IC E • 
2 blks. Air, 3 rooms, carpet, clean, newly decor, quiet. M ature lady preferred. 
126 
McCullough. 
824-7788. 
____________________ 

Near Ft. Sum, nice clean 3 rooms, remodeled, air conditioned, near bus, sign Poole, 695-3721, 494-5221 
R E T I R E D ? 
T I R E D ? 
$o A C R E S . I ' 2 mi. west of Blanco 
Tx. on paved road. Picturesque dwelling on sloping hillside with b e a u tifu l vie w o v e r lo o k in g nearby Blanco R iver Valley and surrounding hills. 4 bedroom, IV* bath, living room, gam eroom with large fire p lace and pool table 
Completely furnished, Sm all fruit trees in yard that is com pletely enclosed with white picket fence. 
Garden is fenced deer-proof. New born and corral suitable for horse stable, etc. 125 young pecan trees and o few native pecan trees, running creek with dom. J other ponds also. P a stu re is divided into 4 sections with water in each, and all have new fencing. City 
Wafer is available, however there is 4oo' cosed well with 5 H P sub- rnergeable pump, produces about 
75 gallons per min V E R Y B E S T 
D O V E H U N T IN G A N Y W H E R E ! 
Id e al b u y for I fa m ilie s 
15°o down, balance in IO- IS, 2o years at 7' ,°o. Total $79,5oo. Owner will fin a n c e fo r q u a lifie d b u y e rs . 
Charlie Moeller <5121 345-73oo or 
836-o656. 
________ 

R A IL S P U R R 4U a cre s zoned 
I 2\ Next to Kelly Field. 532,5oo 
O w n e r fin a n ce , e a s y te rm s. 
828-4452, 626-519o.________________ 

Call us about our close-in rural properties. 2-8oo Acres 
Seitz & Assoc, Realtors 824-2385 

M E D IC A L O F F IC E S P A C E 
Woodlawn Medical Center. 
R A N C R E S T R E A L T Y 433-6676 
4? acre live oak hills Joins huge ranch, deer-turkey $395 per acre. 
Liberal term s. 1-896-244o_________ 

N ear Live Oak, 2 furn. efficiences 
Bitts od 657-3o33.______________ 
Near M cCreless, I bedroom, bills pd. air, couple. $125. 532-1188. 

Efficiences, air, bus, shops 53o wk. $125 mo. up Bills pd. Section 
8. 534-34o1, 434-9645.______________ 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
33 to 3oo ocres, county graded roads, good hunting, perfect re­ tirement retreats. Cal! today! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

C O N T E S S A T O W N H O U SE S, I OR 
2 B E D R O O M S , bills pd. $2oo to 
$225. Close to Northstor and Cen­ tral Park,. No children or pets. 
824-67o7, 824-47oo_________________ 

In Jeff area, 2 bedroom s, living ro o m w ith fir e p la c e a n d su n room, 532-5281 or After 6 and on weekends, 734-2994.______________ 

SO A C R E S 
2 b e d ro o m hom e, barn, pub lic w ater, fenced and cross fenced, block top road, just east of B e xar Co. $62,5oo 
G E O R G E S M IT H R L T Y 924-5174 
14o acres hunting country $129 5o per acre. 5°c down paym ent. 73h°q s im p le in t e r e s t w ith 2o y e a r terms. Owner financed. Call for appointment 734 9598 ____________ 
2o acres h u n tin g cou n try. 549$ down aayment, $77.22 per mo On fence line of lorege ranch Never hunted O w ner financed. Call to see 734-7964 
_________________ 

Special for Sale. B u sin e ss Lot 
Call 822-7726._____________________ 
Efficiences, furn. or unfurn. $8o. and $9o. in older house, I carpeted and paneled, near SAC, 342-7592. 
L u x u rio u s, no le a se re q u ire d . 
Open doily. Office 3-51oo; 5-5135; 
9-S14o; 
11-S75. 
696-833o, nites 
341-2724. 

N e a r S A C a re a, I b e d room in quiet 4-plex, air, carpets. Good stove and refrig. $1oo. water pd, 
733-894o.__________________________ 
Efficiency furn apt. air, bills od. near 
Brooks 
Gen 
Hospital. 
227-8491,_______________________ 

LA B A N D E R A APT S. 
L U X U R Y I and 2 bedroom apts. 
1171 B A N D E R A RD. 433-3214 
M ulti-purpose building. San Pe- d ro -o p p o site T h o u sa n d O a k s. 
Priced to sell, owner carry. Cali 
W B Kieffer 341-9191 

Office space for rent, $7o. N ear 
H ig h la n d P a rk B a n k 
22o3 So 
Hackberry. 
Call 
532-4327 
M r 
Black 

N e a r S A C ; Cleon, I bdr. $11o, 
Bills Pd Dep. 732-6618.__________ 
N E B.ILLS P A ID *17o I Bedroom" carpet, air, carport, living kitchen, laundry room 494-3163 

97 acres west of Devine 5 coastal pastures studded with oaks. Olde! 
2 B R , I bath hom e M a r v e lo u s barn, 2 tanks and well 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 344-9936 

Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd. 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2-BEDRO O M -S235. B IL L S PD 
P A R K D A L E APT S. 342-o191 

Efficiency, Remodeled, Mistletoe, 
Adult, $135. 732-7738, 732-1o82. 
L o c k la n d -K e lly area, m odern, carpeted, I bedroom , SISO. bills 
Pd. 
674-1o32, after 
4: IO and weekends.________________________ 

Convenient to Books A.F.B. and downtown area. Efficiency, I and 
I bedrooms, storting at SISO. All bills pd. 9 to 5 W eekdays, and 12 to 
S Sal. 47oo Stringtellow 533-3691 
S A V E Y O U P S E L F 
Tim e, trouble, m oney We find new apartm ents for you, owner pays fee. Econom y to luxury, all over town. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartm ent Locators 828 5739 

Efficiency apt, in Historical area, close lo T rin ity U. 532-5281 or after 6 and on weekends 734-2994. 
Prim e office space on new Norht 
E x p re s sw a y near airport, re a ­ sonable rate, covered parking, ail conveniences. 344-3456 weekdays. 

Couple, 2 room rear garage opt. 
$7o. Bills pd. Coll 532-6714._______ 
Nice large 2 room Apt. Private bath, d o w n sta irs; p a rkin g. $25 wk. Also sam e upstairs. $22.5o wk. 
Also I room etfic. $17 wk. Bill* pd 
A c ro s s from H a n d y A n d y and 
Y M C A . 2o7 Lexington. 226-686o 

25o E. M ayfield , furn. No pets 
Single em ployed or retired per­ son. Near S. Sears, bases. Refer- ences, Deposit. 5)o5. 922-9672. 

4227 S U N G A T E 
1-Bedroom, $179. B ills pd 
655-4826 
_____ 

D IM M IT C O U N T Y 
O utskirts at 
Carrizo Sp rings, w inter garden areo, 5oo acre potential develop- men! properly. C O O K E R E A L T Y 
'n i v Cl 
_____________ 
______ 

14 Acres strategically located at intersection of S W. M ilitary Dr. and M e d in o B a s e R d. N e a r 
Security Se rvice H e a d q u a rte rs entrance to Lackland A F B , Zoned 
B-3. Owner will carry. For details and viewing, cat! 
342-4115 
A N Y T IM E 

I Bedroom furn. $22o 
2Bedtoom, 
I bath townhouse, 
525o. 
Utilities included. Ideal location, acro ss from Oak P ark Shopping 
Center, corner Nacogdoches and 
New Braunfels 
1779 N A C O G D O C H E S R D 
_____________ 824-o691 
_____ 

L IV E B E T T E R FO R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S. 
2931 E. SO U T H C R O SS 
534 88o8 

 o,derHAhVoEmCetSHaBpVsYEnRelding 
FONTAINEBLEAU APTS repairs. John B. Eccell, B ro k e r 
. . . . . 
6o8 Gunter Bldg 226-/o31 824-8o23 
1 2 3 5 E . M U L B E R R Y mem 
826-5o81 
254 • REAL ESTATE WANTED 
The bes*,oca,ed apl com pte* m 
"Liu, m i n i l u n ix 1 rn 
^ 
Antonia Large> beautiful I or 
N ice w ooded lot. R e a s o n a b ly 
I bedroom apts, beautiful swim - priced in Oak Haven. 735-1273 m ing pool and court yard. Just se c o ndS fro m dow ntow n, next 
- B M I F ST IT F M A N S door 1o 
S a m H o u sto n and 
C JB 
TiJIL L d l n l l LUffflO 
B ro o k A r m y M e d ic a l C e n te r 
M A t a S R ^ T o A N S s T r T i r s t 
Convenient re Brackenridge Golf liens. M ax 8 yrs. B u y notes less ■ C ourse ond tennis cou rts C o n ­ man 8% with discount. 
; vement to all m ajor expressw ays: 
A.V. Rodriguez-Broker 222-o98o 
IH 35, IH 37, IH IP and the new mmm— mmmmmmmmmm—mmmmm— mmemmm 
North E x p re ssw a y . R easonab le i n ? . I M M U IM U F O F U T rates, all bills paid.____________ __ 

Older home 
B orders 
M edina 
River 
344 6268 
341 6655 
684-5768 

NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Near Ft. Sam and downtown. E f­ fic. Apts. Bills Paid, 589 per mo. 
227-47o2. 1954 E. Houston. 

E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your land from the natives 
P IP E C R E E K , TX 695 848o 
S E C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies - I and 2 bedroom s 
Furnished and Unfurnished 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E AVE. 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 

8 2 8 -1 1 9 1 

North Central Location, E lm ira and M cCullough ond IH35. Newly decorated. Near bus, adults only. 
No pets. Unfurnished I bedroom. 
W ater pd. $125. with dep. 6 Mo. 
Lease. 226-53o1 after 6 and wee­ kends, 696-o73o.___________________ 

E n d of the ro o d se c lu sio n 
Mountains, wide valley, oeim an- ent creek, south of Kerrville, 56o acres, only S39S oer acre, terms. 
Ranch M arket (5)2) 824 olS6. 

L O V E L Y 2 B E D R O O M A P T available. 5285, bills od. Includes washer- dryer. Call Tom M cN eil 
349 )874.__________________________ 

 sisterdaie *o Luchenbaeh 
1326 a cre H ill C o u n try R a n c h covers entire volley. N um erous sp rin gs and creeks. D eveloped into one of the finest ond m ost scenic ranches of its kind. Ranch is in im maculate condition ond the hunting is tremendous Appt o n ly: 
References required. Jim Taylor 
824-4898 

6o x7o' Steel Bldg on 'jA c . 8 It se cu rity fence. P a rts room , 2 offices, shop 
$65,ooo firm. 
$32-4151. 
________________ 

• 163 A C R E S • 
IOO in field, 2' i acre lake, 6 miles east of San Antonio. Water, elec­ tricity, anil phone avoiiuble $85o p e r a cre , w ill d iv id e 
C r o s s fenced, owner 492 1549. 924-5174 

Fre sh ly painted 3 room s ond bath near SAC 8o3 E. Ashbey, $75 mo. water paid. 736-639._______________ 
Farm and Ranch Listings Wanted 
E D . G O Z A , R E A L T O R 
618 M cCullough. 78215 
227-81o5 or 826 5618. _____ 
2-Bedrooms, air, heat. 514o Water pd. Patio 158 El Mio-4o8 Ira. No pets. 341-8446, 494-5678, 824-4227 
IO acres irrigated farm land $75o down paym ent, si 16 99 per mo. 
Good well furnished. N ear h igh­ way Owner will finance. Call to see 734-7964________________ 

I'.-acre on busy P E R IN B E IT E L , 
Off 41o fantastic retail location 
P rice d righ t, call fo r d e ta ils, 
822-1552, A N Y T IM E 

ID E A L L O C A T IO N 
I Bedroom unfurn $185. 
2-Bedroom s, Unfurn. $215. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
215 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 

8 2 4 - 9 8 7 i 

A tt r a c t iv e l-b e d ro o m , d is h ­ washer, shag, pool. Bills od. $165 and up. *25. Dep. IO Min. Ft. 5am 
321o E I S E N H A U E R off H a r ry 
Wurzbach. 822-9195. 

For Sale: Approx. 7oo acres ’i m ile from P le a sa n to n 
O r w ill divide in 2 tracts of 425 - 28o acres. 
B y Ow ner, term s, b u y e rs only 
Home, 
512-277-3487 or 
Office; 
512-277 5151. 
______ 

Luxury Duplex Near M ed Center 
661o Southpoint. 3-2-2, kitch e n appl, inc. w a s h e r - d ry er, f ir e ­ place. Sauna! Very differenf-not for everyone. Day 222-3951, E ve 
344-4429 

Sm ithsons Valley area, m odern 4 yr old, approx 25oo sa.ft 3 be­ droom 2' i baths, S w iss Chalet home, completely carpeted, cen­ tral air-heat, Sand two-tenth acre, well, intercom , butane 595,ooo 
Qualified buyer only. 494-7184. 

Spacious Apartm ent. N E location 
I and 2 bedroom s available now! 
$18o and up. No fee. 
N E A R K E L L Y A N D L A C K L A N D 
2 bedroom, I bath. $135 -114o mo. 
565 security deposit. 
W ater furnished 
2415 Castroville 433-2o64 

25 A C R E S K E R R V IL L E . Rolling hills, huge tim ber. Sce n ic wet weofher creek, spring. 896-244o, 
257-7823, 896 1o18._________ 

841 N ST. M a ry*, at Lexington, near Sears, 4 large clean, air, bus, stores, bills pd. Only *35. wk *14o. mo. 224 o629, 733-828o, 684-o834 

F re d e rick sb u rg , 56 Acres, both sides of P e d e rn a le s R ive r, IOO 
Y e a r old rock log and fra m e h ou se , w ell, b a rn s. *9o,ooo. 
713 526 84o1 or 713-461 642). 

M A N S IO N B L A N C A N O R T H . 5231 
B la n c o Rd. T o w n h o u s e A p ts 
Utilities pd. Spacious, convenient, luxurious, starl *245. 341-4113 

NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
You can pay your monthly rent in 
I, 2 or 3 paym ents. Enjoy color 
TV, radio, pool, m aid-linen ser­ vice All bills pa W E E K L Y rates 
3414 Fred ericksb urg Rd. 736-1444 
F R E E S E R V IC E 

IOO A C R E S , large tank, 7 room house, water well On blacktop 
SO A C R E S , all kline g r a s s and < coastal, good water, pens, excel- : lent fences on blacktop 
Ower financed. 
13 A C R E S , coastal, new fences, tank, J bed room , 2 bath, 2-cor garage. Central air-heat. 
29 A C R E S , flat land, on Hwy ISI : 
South Will go Texas Vet or ? 

N E A R 
L A C K L A N D - K E L L Y 
C O U P L E O N LY . 2 br, furnished 
Air, carpet, fenced yord. 623-2646 

NW- O F F Fredericksburg 
Nice I bedroom Duplex. Carpet, air. waler pd. 
Adults. 
$12o 
824-8369__________________________ 
I O R 2 bedroom mobile homes, furn.-unfurn. 
Lackland area, 
623-3657 

SO UTH OF D e 'H A N IS 
226 acre ranch, SO acre field, best 
Of deer, turkey, and quia! hunting, end of the road. Good term s and minerals. 

Large 1 and 2 Bedroom s 
F R O M $122.5o (F U R N . *14o) 
116 V A N D E R B E C K 826-2369 
O F F 64oo N. N E W B R A U N F E L S 

2-Bedroom, I bath 5215. 
A c ro ss street from Lee High, 3 b lks. from Ntm itz H igh, I blk. 
Jackson Keller Elem entary. 
M A IN T A IN E D W ITH P R ID E 
A L L U IL tT IE S P A ID 
233 Herweck Dr. 344-58o4 

3' 
A C R E S . R E A S O N A B L E ! 
Ideal for m any uses, close in, 5148 
Blanco Rd. 222-7857______________ 

G O N Z A L E S C O U N T Y - 2)4 Ac, creek, Hw v frontage, deer, dove, working pens. 55oo Ac. 
1o8 Ac, very isolated, excellent deer dove, auod, 545o Ac 
HO Ac, creek, flowing well, large 
Oak frees. 55oo Ac. 
5o Ac, 1o o's toll O ak and E lm trees. sSSO Ac, A il tra c ts a re owner financed and have m ineral rights. em u r-y C C A , r\r <»••* **• 

2 -B e d ro o m , 2-bath, 925 s q .ft . 
F u r n , Unfurn. Pool. Club house. 
All utilities Pd. All adult. No pets. 
$5o m oving credit Call 342-9321 
1oAM to 5 :3 o P M w eek, 1 P M I 
5:3oPM Saturday._______________ 

A L A M O H G TS 
6ooo ft r e s t a u r a n t sp a c e , a il equipment for kitchen, air conditioned. 
A L A M O H G TS C E N T E R 
_____________822-9851 

 et ACI TOUB W A N T AD 
IN THI IX pet SS N I VV* 

F R IO C O U N T Y 
73o acre com bination farm and ranch. H w y frontage. Excellent m in e ra ls rn hoi m in e ra l areo. 
O ther lis t in g s a v a ila b le . E J 
H a p p y " Sch aw e R e a l Estate, 
2o34 
E . 
M a in , 
U v a ld e , 
T x, tutu nils, JI9 .1 IU 

2-Bedroom, 1 Bath, $23o. 
3-Bedroom, 
2-Both, 
ISOO sq.ft. 
$3oo. 
Located south of Joskes, North 
Star Mall, off McCullough. 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
■'n’* n i o f u i f « r it*, 
-r 

I OR 2 B E D R O O M S , 521o 
For couple who loves children 
Pool, carpel, bills pd. 226 4o63. 
Efficiency 575, I Bedroom *85. 318 
Madison. K ing W illiam Area 
THE ACTION NUM BER 
(O R FAST RESULTS 
PEACE YOUR W ANT AO 
IN THE EXPRESS NEW S 
Furn. B a c h e lo r Apt. Heat, cir, ca rp e t pool. 512o. B ills pd. 
..... rn, • 
HOO 
,.f* I OM 

P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E DR. off W eidner 
Dick young Real Estate 
Karnes citv Texas 

THE NUMBER TO C A U 
IS 2 25 -1666 
THE NUMBER TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

CENTURY 21 

San Antonio EXPRES S -N E W S — Saturday April 3o 1977 
H 

NATIONAL DIGEST 
House votes strip m ine legislation 

R e n t a l * 
W E H A N D L E 
I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 
*2o5. to *225. 

Choice N E R e ntals 
CHOICE RENTALS 

583o Castle Brack 3 -2 ........$245 
12521 Sandpiper 3 -2 .......... $3oo 
831o Iou Gehrig 3-2.......... $35o 
4846 Castle Stream 4-2 ... $225 
4826 Castle Path 3-1 .........$185 

C a ll 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

874-7361, 1324 Austin Hw y. 
R E N T W IT H O P T IO N , 3 be d ro o m , fu lly ca rp e te d , fenced, w asher. $195 mo. 
R O SS I R E A L T Y _________ 494-7781 

R o ck 4-plex. I bdrm , a p p ls, air, qarage, fenced for kids. $13o 
United, 735-9121, fee (318-1) 
4 Room , stove-refrip. 72! Se guin 
St IH35 N and M oore , $35. C a ll 
John after 6 , 927-51oo,____________ 
Ten floor plans to choose (rom for exquisite adult living. All bills paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar B- 
Que grills, icemokers, fire­ places and beamed ceilings. 

N e a r N o r t h S ta r W o lf 

BOB RODGES, Rf ALTORS 
81o7 Broadw ay 
R o om y 3-1 with den, appls, A real deal for $2oo! H u rry ta 
United, 735-9121, fee <334-1 ) 
SA C . I b drm Duplex. A p pls, rugs, air, carport. $14o 
United, 735-9121, fee (278-3) 
Duplex. Spacious, stove, re frige r­ a to r, d is h w a s h e r , L o o p 41o at 
Storcrest, $275. 494-3752 
Schertz Brick. 3-2-1, love, carpet, cent air, fenced. $225 
United, 735-9121, fee (281-3) 
E A S T V IL L A G E - N ew ly d e corat­ ed 3 bedroom , I bath home. $185. p lu s U tilitie s. M in im u m 6 m o s. lease. Deposit. 344-5371 
COMPOED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
W A SHINGTON 
- 
T he 
H ouse 
F rid a y overwhelmingly voted to pass tough legislation to control coal strip m ining and to reclaim the moonscape of abandoned ininplands across the country. 
The vote to send the bill to the Senate was 241 to 
64. 
Before p a ssa g e , the House d efeated by a shouted voice vote a move to exem pt som e strip m ines from sev eral strin g en t sta n d a rd s for restoring the land after gouging eoal seam s from beneath the surface. 
Earlier, by a 17o-149 vote, the House approved a ban on strip m ining in environm entally fragile w estern valleys. Adoption of this ad m in istra ­ tion-backed am endm ent made a tough bill even tougher. 

SE . Spacious 3 bdrm house, i r i n g the kids and Fido. G o ra ge , fence 
$18o 
United, 735-9121, fee (293-3) 
E nchante d Forest. 3-2-2, den, all appl, carpets, X tra s! Coll 
United, 735-9121, tee (293-1) 
S m a ll F a m ily ? 2 b d r m T o w n ­ house, a p p ls, cent h e a t-a ir, co, fenced, $165 
United, 735-9121, tee (381-2) 

1o362 SAHARA DR. 
349-2617 
S m a ll F a m il y ? S m a ll h o u s e , fenced for pets too! No lease. $75 
United, 735-9121, fee (344-1) 

C A S T L E H I L L S , la r g e 4 b e ­ droom s, 2 baths, fam ily room with re a l fir e p la c e , a ll a p p lia n c e s , la n d sc a p e d . P r e s t ig e lo c a tio n 
M in u te s to M ed. School. Le e Hi 
School. TIS C O T IL L IO N 
REALTORS — SO YEARS Of TRIUT 
W A N T E D 
Supervisor 

S p r e a d out! 2 b d rm , w ith x tra room , carpets, fenced. B ills pd, 
$15o 
United, 735 9121, fee (293-2) 
O V E R L O O K G O L F C O U R S E , 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th , c a r p e t in g , d rape s, new range , d ish w a sh e r and disposal, central heat a n d air. 
311 B A S IN 

St. M a r y 's S p e c ia l. 2 b d r m , breakfast rm , coy patio, fenced 
$95 
United. 735-9121, fee (318-31 
LOVELY 

LARGE 

BEDROOM 

PREMIUM RENTALS 
MUST CAU RIGHT AWAT!! 

Meadow Village 
3-2-1 range 
Lackland City* 
3-l-cp range 
Westwood 
3-l-cp range, refrig. 
Adams Hill 
4-2-1 range 
Lackland City 3-l-cp range, refrig 

♦OPTION TO BUY 

675-285o 

$168 Take s this Valley Hi 3 bdrm , cp, with appis, air and fenced. 
United, 735-9121. fee (288 3) 
Take this 2 bdrm for only SSS. 
Call! 
United, 735-917!, fee (295-3) 

O v e r 21 years of age. G o o d driving Record. 
W orkin g with young people ages 13-17. N e e d station w agon 7 passenger or van 

L A R G E 2 -ST O R Y , 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, m aste r suite down, built-in kitchen. N E 
Schools. 
1261! 
LA 
B A H IA 

C H U R C H I L L H I, P o p u la r S a n 
Pedro Hills, 4 bedroom s. 2 baths, b u ilt-in k itc h e n , w ood b u r n in g fire p la c e , b e a u tifu l tre e s. 1619 
D E E R R U N 
$1 SO m o n t h 
CALL PETE 826-6878 
U N IT E D H O M E R E N T A L S h a s 
Hie la rge st selection of rentals in 
San Antonio. H undreds of v a c a n ­ cie s d aily to choose fro m . Stop w asting tim e and g a s! C all 
U N IT E D 735-9121 9-9 7 D a y s or stop by 44o4 San P e d ro 

A n Equal O p p ortunity Em ployer 
F T . S A M , R A N D O L P H , 4 b e ­ droom s, 2 baths, 1-story, fa m ily room . 
M o v e in. 
1123o 
E L 
S E N D R O 

I N S I D E L O O P . 3 b e d r o o m , 2 baths, kitchen appliances, central 
I heat and air, N E Schools. .3736 
3 R IA R H IL L 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO, 
MAlTOftS— MIS 

I 
WASHINGTOm — Two private study groups 
_ suggest the w orld’s energy future is m ore opti- 

 i m istic than it was portrayed by the CIA. 
The CIA re p o rt fo recastin g w orldw ide oil shortages in tin* 19811s and greatly increased prices has been cited by President C arter to support his proposed energy conservation pro­ gram . 
One group. Stanford Research Institute*. Palo 
Alto, Calif., said that high energy costs already have brought g re a te r efficiency in worldwide energy use. 
Another group. National Economic Research 
A ssociates, New York City, issued a 1o-page appraisal of the CIA study which said tho CIA took the m ost pessim istic view of every part of the energy situation. 
Energy program hit 

CHICAGO — R epublican chairm an Bill Brock 
I has called P resid en t C arter’s energy program a ripoff of the m iddle class and an attack on the family autom obile. 
“ Mr. C a rte r's energy program looks suspi- 

 j ciously like a back-door way of raising enough taxes to pay for m ore governm ent program s and 
I still balance the budget,” Brock said. 
Brock p red icted the proposed tax hike on gasoline probably will be used lo finance new social p ro g ram s instead of being rebated to energy-conserving fam ilies. 
U.S. will listen 

WASHINGTON —■ The United S tates would listen with interest to any Soviet arm s proposal, but still intends to base its position on the com prehensive package rejected by Moscow, an adm inistration official says. 
“ We consider the package to be an integrated one and it is difficult to see how the pieces might fit together if they are pulled out and put in another fram ew o rk ,” said State D epartm ent spokesman nodding Carter. 
Budget blueprint OKd 

WASHINGTON — A new b udget b lu ep rin t designed to bring together D em ocrats divided over defense spending and avoid a tie-up of funding legislation was approved by the House 
Budget C om m ittee. 
The com m ittee, which initially recom m ended trim m ing P resid en t C arter’s proposed defense spending in the fiscal year beginning Oct. I by 
'$2.3 billion, agreed on restoring $3oo million. 
Ballistic tests on ride 

PETROS, Term. — Two ballistics experts will begin tests next week to determ ine w hether a rifle purchased by Jam es Earl Ray was used to kill Dr. M artin Luther King Jr. nine years ago, 
Ray’s attorney says. 
“ At present, they do not know w hether they have the m u rd er w eapon,” said Jack Kershaw, most recent attorney for Ray, who is serving 99 years at B rushy M ountain State Prison here for m urdering King. 
Four House investigators, led by com m ittee counsel R obert L ehner spent six hours in ter­ viewing Ray in their fourth visit Friday. 
$2 million bail set 

PHOENIX, A ri/. — A form er union organizer and his son w ere ordered held in lieu of $1 million bond each on federal charges of kidnaping and m urdering Las Vegas labor leader Al Brarnlet. 
Thomas B urke Hanley, 61, and his son, G ram by 
Andrew Hanley, 39, both of Las Vegas, were arraigned by a federal m agistrate and ordered held for Nevada authorities. 
Brarnlet, longtim e head of the 23,ooo-member 
C ulinary W o rk ers Union in Las V egas and president of the Nevada AFL-CIO, was abducted from M eCarran International A irport Feb. 24. 
Young to IJ.N. m eeting 

UNITED NATlOmS — U.S. A m bassador An- 
I drew Young says he will attend a U.N. conference in M ozambique next month called to back free­ dom m ovem ents in Rhodesia and South-W est 
Africa. 
Young said he expects to stay in the Mozam­ bique capital throughout the International Con­ ference in Support of the Peoples of Zim babwe 
(R hodesia) and N am ibia (South-W est A frica) 
May 16-21. 
The United S tates m ay be the only m ajor 
W estern nation to attend the affair w here South 
Africa as well as Rhodesia is sure to com e in for vigorous attack. 
Oil slick off Florida 
MIAMI — An oil slick 6o miles long is drifting off the white beaches of the Florida Keys where 
Coast Guard c u tters arc standing by to see if it would drift tow ard shore. 
Friday night, the slick was as close as two miles from som e reefs hut was barely moving. 
The Coast G u a rd ’s A tlantic and G ulf Coast strike team s w ere en route to the keys with special containm ent equipm ent, including b ar­ rier booms that could be used to contain the* oil. 
Farter, Suarez m eet 

WASHINGTON — President C arter m et Friday with Spanish P re m ie r Adolfo Suarez and ex­ pressed confidence in Spain’s ability to m eet the challenge of establishing dem ocratic rule. 
Following a W hile House m eeting lasting more than an hour with the Spanish leader. C arter said the move toward dem ocracy in Spain “ has been billiard, m uch m ore successful than we had hoped.” 
Benzene exposure out 

WASHINGTON — The gov ernm ent has ordered sharp lim its on w orker exposure to benzene in some 1.26o factories after a new' study linked the common industrial chemical with leukem ia, a blood cancer. 
The Labor D epartm ent’s Occupational Safety and Health A dm inistration said the em ergency order will affect about 156.(NHI w orkers, largely in the petroleum , chem ical, printing, rubber and paint industries. . 
The em ergency order was only the sixth such rule issued by the adm inistration in its six-year history. 
_ _ _ _ _ 
J 

A man in Dayton, Ohio, appears to be taking shelter from the fountain in the courthouse plaza, but in reality a spring rain w as the enemy — AP Wirephoto 

T ry this choice I bdrm , air, o d d !. 
All bills pd. $17o; Call 
United, 735-9121, tee (296-2) 
H igh R id g ed 
Victoria, Texas 
Available Im m ediately 
Dealer wanted in Victoria, Texas to service the 
San Antonio Exp ress-N ew s home delivery and newstand customers. 

G o o d transportation needed and bondable. G o o d pay. 
C a ll c o lle c t 
San Antonio Express-New s 
I -51 2 -2 2 5 74 1 I ext. I I 4 or 11 5 attn: J. S. Smith 

 an equal opportunity em ployer 

T ry this turn or unfurn 2 b d rm in the H igh land Hills. $1oo 
United. 735-9121, fee (294-1) 
M E D IC A L C E N T E R , 3 bedroom s, 
2 baths, central heat and air, c a r ­ pet. 67o6 F O R E S T B E N D 
Unbelievable! 2 bdrm w ilh extra room , carpeted, fenced for kids. 
$15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (293-2) 
Hillside Apartments 
5211 Fredericksburg 
341-8221 
Shell exec supports energy plan 

C O L O N IE S N O R T H , 3 bedroom s, 
2 baths, w alk to Elem . School an d 
Club. C e n tral heal and air. 3522 
T R IO L A . 

We have the best 3 and 4 bedroom hom es in N E and N W Son Anton lo. All of our h o m e s are less than I yr. old. D ra p e s, p riv a c y fenced 
R e frige ra to rs, carp e tin g. $3oo to 
$45o per m onth. Before your rent - 
C all u s! Y o u w ill be d e ligh te d ! 
D O R S E Y CO. 733-9184 

U nfurnished 2 bedroom house. 585 mo. $25 deposit. 219 Poul. 532-31o7 
J A C K M IT C H E L L , R E A L T Y 

U T SA . Paneled 2 b drm house with air, fence. $19o. H u rry ! 
United, 735-9121, fee (28o-3) 
2525 W. French 2-1 air o ppls $145 
L A U R E N R. B A R N E B E Y 3 4 1 -4 4 5 ! 
A C T N O W ! N ew lu x u ry 2-2, N W d u p le x 
H a s e v e r y t h in g . $225. 
Adults. 342-2843, 344-4867_________ 
AVAILABLE 

Choice 
Selection 

Beautiful 
Apartments 
LA 
ARBOLEDA 

2167 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Starcrest 
655-91o1 

W indsor M all Area. 2 bdrm , c a r ­ pet, ha s appl, fenced tar all. $14o 
United, 735-9121, tee (322-3) 

E xe cu tive 4-2-2 In Helotes. E v e r y appls, fireplace, keep horses, coll 
United, 735-912), fee (288-1) 
A d a m s H ill, 3-2-2, carpe ted, ap p liance s, c a th e d r a l c e ilin g s, 23' m a s t e r b e d r o o m , e n tr y c o u r ­ tyard, beautiful plants. 
$36o. 
341-75o5. 

W o o d la w n L a k e . 3 b d r m , h a s garag e , fenced, COV polio. O nly 
$15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (28o-2) 

F a m ily siz e d 3 b d rm , se p a r a te dining, fenced for all. $18o 
United, 735-9121, tee (253-3) 

F O R R E N T 
Beautiful 4 bedroom , 2 bath town- hom e. R a n g e , d ish w a sh e r, c o m ­ pletely carpeted. 675-2152. 

A lam o Hts. G a r a g e Apt. Appl, air, all utilities pd Ju st 5125 
United, 735-9121, fee (3oo-1) 
By DAVID HENDRICKS 
P resid en t C arter’s proposals for energy* con­ servation and increased use of coal are correct and should he supported, a Shell Oil Co. vice president said Friday night. 
Speaking* to about 15o people at St. M ary’s 
U niversity, Dr. Klaus L. Mai of Houston outlined what he saw were steps, mostly political, to lead us out of certain energY shortages. 
Dr. Mai stressed th at because energy shortages are a worldwide problem , nations are becoming interdependent for survival. 
He said the world m ust reduce its dependence on oil from the Organization of Petroleum Ex­ porting Countries. 
N ations should strive to solve th eir energy needs from a mix of sources to free the ruse of oil for essential purposes only, Dr. Mal said. 
He added that OPEC has a vested interest in seeing the energy problem solved in this way because it realizes that its own oil reserves are finite. 
Split 

The recent split am ong OPEC countries over ag reem en t for the price of oil indicates different goals am ong OPEC nations for their new wealth, 
Dr. Xai explained. 
However, O PEC ’s power within the world trade m arket rem ains high. 
“ The em bargo (by OPEC) in 1973-74 woke us all up to how vulnerable we a re ,” Dr. Mai said. 
To becom e better prepared for the* future en ­ ergy situation. Dr. Mai said, the United States m ust control its double digit inflation, cooperate with W estern European nations, find talent to get human solutions for economic problem s and help find a peaceful settlem ent for the M iddle East. 
He said the world may be running out of oil but not energy supplies. T here are I trillion tons of coal in the world, he added. 
That, plus an orderly developm ent of alterna­ tive energy sources will supply the needed en ­ ergy, he said. 
“ We m ust halt the debate and get moving with it now.” he urged. 
Dr. M ai’s talk was sponsored by the St. M ary's 
Institute of International and Public Affairs. 

LOOKING FOR A FUTURE 

• O v e r $ 1 ,o o o per m onth 
• $ 2 o o per month cor allow ance 
• M onthly clothing allow ance 
• Free hospitalization, including $ 1 o ,o o o life insurance and allow a 2-w eek all expense paid vacation to the men and w om en w ho are willing to give them selves a chance rather than taking a chance 
W AKE UP 

Dont disqualify yourself! N o experience necessary - all 

 you need is the right attitude. 
INVESTIGATE 

APPIY IN PERSON MONDAY, MAY 2, AT I P.M. 
HOLIDAY INN NW IH IO & VANCE JACKSON EMPIRE ROOM 
ABSOLUTELY NO PHONE CAUS. ASK FOR MR. BURCH 

A tle n a V illa g e 2-1-1, a p p ls, a ir, carpets, d rap e s, fenced for all 
516o 
United, 735-9121, fee (3o1-1) 
Reason able , daily, w e ekly rates. 
Downtow n. 315 N. M ain.______ 
R E A L T O R S 
Bedroom , cent air, m ature adult, gentlem an preferred 732-198o 
Another e con o m y 2 bdrm . $85 
United, 735-9121, fee (295-3) 
G r a c i o u s 3 -IV z - l, s t o v e , ce weather, la u n d ry conn, fenced. 
United, 735-9121, fee (311-3) 
Another 4-2-1, fre sh paint, central air, near new $235 
United, 735-9121, fee (3oo-2) 

361 C L U B D R IV E 
G A R A G E R O O M . 734-o469 
H a rm o n y H ills. 3-2- built-ins plus reefei, roo m y den, dining, $3oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (2911) 
D A IL Y W E E K L Y - M O R A T E S 
N E W M A N A G E M E N T 
N a v a rro Hotel 116 N a v a r ro 
B a rga in 3 b d rm house on corn er lot. N eeds so m e w ork for rent. 
United, 735-9121, fee (397-1) 
4-2-2. H e lo t e s , p lu sh , a c r e , trees, w a sh e r dryer, refrige rato r 
$45o. 494-37S2____________________ 
For Perm anent L iv in g 
Downtown, Check out the 
Beautiful 2 b d rm , carpe l, appls, fenced for kids-pets. $14o 
United, 735-9121, fee 1316-3) 
H E R E 'S T H E LO W D O W N ! 
W hy rent w hen you con a ssu m e p a y m ts u n d e r $2oo on this 3 b e ­ droom borne? 
Low equity. 
656-1234 

3 be dro o m , t bath duplex, D e ll- vlew area, n e ar V a n c e Ja ck son , w a sh e r co n n e ctio n , stove, n e a r bus-schools, $16o mo. 684-8984. 

M o st Reason able R ates 
22o B ro adw ay 
L a rg e room in lovely hom e, own entrance, bath, 
434-7154 or 
223-495o._________________________ 
W A N T E D efficiency room , dow n­ stairs, 
M ale, 
W oodlaw n area, 
732-657o. 
___________________ 

3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h h o u s e in 
Sch ertz. $225 m o p lu s de posit. 
658-1289 ofter 4:3opm _____________ 
H igh lan d H ills 3 bdrm for you and kids, carport, fenced, pets. $17o 
United, 735 9121, fee (279-1) 
3 Bedroom , I both, ga ra g e . Dell view A re a $195. 684-336o 
___ 
H ighlands. 3-1, garage, fenced for klds-pcts. Screened patio. $175 
United, 735-9121, fee (296-3) 

4 B E D R O O M , iv * bath, c e n tra l heat-air, $24o mo. 656-1234 
3 B E D R O O M , I b a th , c e n tr a l beat-air, fenced. S a u e a k v clean. 
$235 m o 656-1234. 
T H U N D E R B I R D H I L L S . 3-2-2, trees, co rn e r lot, p r iv a c y fence. 
$4oo mo. C all now 656-1234 

B righ t young w om an with college de gre e , lo o k in g fo r p e rm a n e n t position, abo ut 2o h rs. a w e ek. 
Exp. with all types of copy, P R , and m a n a ge ria l sk ills. P o rtfo lio and ret. availab le upon request. 
Write Expre ss-N e w s Box 76o6, S A 
7 8 2 9 7 _______________________ 

C e r t if ie d P u b lic A c c o u n t a n t w a n ts p a rt -tim e e m p lo y m e n t . 
533-9o65, after 12 n o o n ___________ 

W ill care for your aged loved one in m y home, priv ate room , r e a ­ sonable. 922-8918 . 

WAKEFIELD-STARDUST # 
APARTMENTS 
o 

Ideally located on busline. o 
I, 2, and 3 bedrooms. $18o a 
... to ... $35o. On Rector across from North Star Mall 
^ 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 
o 
344-4558 aft 

Hot W ells, pan eled 3 b d rm , c a r ­ peted, big fenced ya rd $15o 
United, 735-9121, tee (284-1) 
School Bus D riv e rs Needed. G o od job to r r e t ir e d p e r s o n n e l, h o u s e w ife , s t u d e n t s o r s h if t w orke rs. E xce llen t p a rt-tim e in­ com e and fringe benefits. W e will from qualified applicants. M u st be betw eon 21-6o. A p p ly at the T a - ransportotion office, 1o333 B ro a d ­ w a y , 
M o n d a y t h r u 
F r i d a y , 
8:3 o -1 1am , 1 2:3 o-4p m O r c a ll 
655-421o ext 315.__________________ 

H O U S E , N E , 4-2-2, Im m a cu la te , beautifully decorated, 2 se parate living areas, pool and tennis club within ea sy w alk. A v ailab le June 
Is*. I Y r le ase required, $35o. M o. 
C all Je annine Barton, 655-9o82 or 
Office, 221 4o57 or 221-6797._______ 
Continued 

3 B edroo m , co n ven ien t to D o w n ­ town, 
SA C -T rin ity , 
$23o mo. 
653-7191 
____________ 
C h ild c a r e in m y h o m e . H a r r y 
W urzboch-Rittlm an 
A re a. 
822-o761. 
_____________ __ 
C h ild c a re , m y h o m e , v ic in it y 
W est 
Ave. 
• 
V an c e 
J a c k so n 
342-5939__________________________ 

I B E D R O O M duplex, w ater and g a s paid. $11o p e r mo. C E N T U R Y 
21 Sch neider R e a lty 684-72oo. 
L ist y o u r v a c a n c ie s w ith U N I T ­ 
E D ! N o c h a rg e ! F o r Fast, F R E E 
R e ferrals, C all our L a n d lo rd L ist­ ing 
Line from 
9-9 7 
D a y s at 
735-9)24.__________________________ 

SE C U R IT Y O F F IC E R S 
Ap ply in person: 
4414 Centerview, Suite 16o 9-5 

Shaklee N atu ra l V itam ins, sp a re tim e sales business. 684-456o 

T o o o 's of Jobs- 1oo's of choices 
Q ualify now, earn and learn 
G O A R M Y 222-8812 o r 653 o892 

3 B edroom D up le x. $85. Children and pets w elcom e. W a te r pd. 3o9 
Willow. 344-84o2__________________ 
C O L O R E D Cady w ants d a y s w ork o r steady job. Ref. 225-oo98.______ 
Leon V a lle y 4-2-2, built-ins, c a r pet, cent air. L a rg e p rlv yrd. 
United, 735-9)21, fee (297-2) 

2 B e d ro o m d u p le x , a p p lia n c e s, air, carpet, w afer pd. ya rd kept, p riv acy patio, $15o. 696-475o. 

E X P E R I E N C E D W o m a n w .ll take care of sick or elderly N o live in. Ref. 532-4o79._____________ 
Leon Valiev. M o d e rn 4-2-2 B rick. 
A ll X tras. p riv a c y lot. O nly $35o 
United, 735-9121, fee (297-2) 

3 b e d ro o m ho m e, I acre . N e a r city, C o rp u s C h risti Rd. 735-3212 
Experienced Babysitter and hou sekeeper needs w ork. 
C a ll 
227 -8998.______________________ 

Students and teenagers w anted to se ll flo w e r s on s tre e t c o r n e r s o fte r s c h o o l a n d w e e k e n d s . 
E xcellent e a rn in g s and bonuses, no e x p e r ie n c e n e c e s s a r y - w ili train. 661-3o59.__________________ 

3 Bedroom house, $115. F o r m Rd, 
1518. C oll 533-8949._______________ 
L ik e N ew C am e lo t ll, 3-2-2, fire- p la c e d d e n , c a r p e t s , a ll a p ­ pliances, fenced, $385. M o . $1oo. 
Oep. 
C a ll co ile d 
B oerne 
1 336-2442.________________________ 

A N A P A R T M E N T 
U n f o r d a b le a s its n am e 
I B E D R O O M , $16o. 
2 -B E D R O O M , $215 
H a ve just adde d 2 new tennis courts. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 

3 B E D R O O M , range , refrig, $175 
L A R G E 4 b e d ro o m in Cam elot, 
$395. 
O thers c o m in g available. 
C all now. 
C E N T U R Y 21 
D e L o n e v R e alty 653-o55o 

W e need 23 am bitious people who o re se e k in g an o p p o rtu n ity for a d v a n c e m e n t fo r o u r se le c tiv e a d v e r t is in g d e p t., m a r k e t in g t r a in in g p r o g r a m , o n d m g m t train ing p ro gram 
C o m pan y train ing provided 
N o experience ne cessa ry 
O u r c o m p a n y is e x p e r ie n c in g tre m e n d o u s gro w th in 1977, w e a r e s e e k in g y o u n g m in d e d in ­ divid uals to loin our team through entry level positions. We offer an e x c e lle n t c a r e e r w ith d y n a m ic grow th potential 
342-5226 Ext 121 ask for Personnel M a n a g e r 

3-2, lo c a te d in J e ffe rso n A re a . 
Central heat an d air. Im m ediate occupancy 
$275. 
684-433o, 
344-62o7 
D E A N IE O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
Lovely D up le x 2-1 wilh ta. in H id ­ den 
Creek. 
$295. 
W ater od. 
696 4624 
____________ __ 

W ish es to relocate in Son A ntonio 
A r e a . S a l a r y o r p e r c e n t a g e . 
Available 6-1-77, 
C A L L C O L L E C T 
2o5-221-9643 

N e e d s e v e r a l a g g r e s s iv e , se lf- s t a r t in g h o m e i m p r o v e m e n t so licito rs, h r s 2-8pm , no e x p e r ­ ience n e c e ssa ry , w ill tra in m o ­ tivated person lo w ork for our 17 yr old Southside firm . C a ll M r s . 
Sayee 226-1ooo 
T E X A S A R M Y G U A R D 
H a s part-tim e opening: M ulti-ch anne l 
O p erators; Telephone In sta lle rs; 
T e le p h o n e R e p a ir m a n ; C o o k s ; 
M e c h a n ic s ; 
S w it c h b o a r d 
Operators. W ill train with pay. 
512-226-2o1o. 
_______ 

3 bedroom s, 2 bath hom e in N E. 
P riv a c y fenced, d ish w a sh e r and range. F a m ily and liv in g ro o m s 
(P e r f e c t t h r o u g h o u t ! ) , p a tio , double g a r a g e . Re nt $275 m o 
I year lease. D a y s 344-3o78, nites 
696-o866. 
D O N J O H N S O N C O R E A L T O R S 

L u x u r y s p lit-le v e l, I b e d ro o m 
$235. and 2 b e d ro o m tow nhouse 
5295. N W Adult. 341-1262 
H u sb o n d -w ife team d e sir e p o s i­ tion m a n a gin g M e x ic a n r e s ta u r ­ ant. IS y r s ex p. r u n n in g o w n 
M e x ic a n food-to-go r e s t a u r a n t . 
W e do all cooking, will relocate if necessary. E x p re ss Box 4328 
L A D Y wonts steady 5 d a y s w o rk. 
Ref. Coll 223-12o9________________ 

T V M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N D S A U N A S 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 1-2 B A T H S 
$185 to 5275. B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S . 
434 4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between H illcre st an d C a lla g h a n 

8516 N O R W IC H ( D U P L E X ) 
2 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 ca r g a ra g e , fireplace , co v e re d patio, fenced yard, N E Schools, N e ar N ortheast 
B a p t is t H o sp ita l. I y e a r le ase . w ater pd. $28o per mo. 344-o229. 
M a y 5th! 3 b d rm with appls, a ir ­ h e a d c a r p o r t, fe n c e d fo r k ld s- pets. $17o 
United, 735-9121, fee (288-3) 
M E D C E N T E R . 3-2, 19oo sa.ti., 
$365. 
L A C K L A N D . 3-1-1, all ap pliances, centre! air, $225. 
K E L L Y . 3-1' z-l, central air, $21o. 
S O U T H W E S T . 3 -1 1 J-1, a ll a p ­ pliances, ce ntral air, $21o. 
L A C K L A N D 3-1-1, all appliances, central air, $2oo. 
S O U T H W E S T . 3 -1 -C P , o il a p ­ pliances, $165 
681-o66o 

3 -B E D R O O M U P P E R , $85 
J E R R Y S M IT H , 494 3855 

3 -B E D R O O M U P P E R , $85 
J E R R Y S M IT H , 494 3855 
R N 
24 hour hom e core 69o-1)66 
V E R Y d e p e n d a b le m a id w a n ts housework. On bus line. 226-6461. 

W E L D E R W A N T IN G W O R K h o ' own w elding truck and eq uipm ent 
G o od references. 249-3321 d a y s, 
5374278 after 7pm Boerne 

T R IM C A R P E N T E R 
Wanted. C all P ie rre 681 1672 
W A N T E D A P A R T M E N T H o u se 
M a in te n a n c e M a n . F o r 7o U n it com plex, know ledge at air condi- tioning, pool etc. 349-8o65.________ 
Man, 27, dies in police shootout 

B ills pd! D e llvie w I bdrm , appls, carpet, cent air, carport. Coll 
United, 735-9121, fee (296 1) 
J a n ito r, fu ll tim e, m u st d r iv e . 
S a la ry depending on experience. 
H ouse of N eigh borly Se rv ice 4o7 
N C alav e ras. 434-23o1____________ 
J A N I T O R - U T I L I T Y M A N fu ll time. M u st apply in person at 343o 
E C o m m e rce ___________________ 
M a in t e n a n c e m a n w ith la r g e a p a rtm e n t co m p le x. P lu m b in g , electrical and healing experience e s s e n t ia l. 
L o c a l r e f e r e n c e s required. 
Apt turn. 
A p p ly 
116 
V an d erh eck___________________ 

V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S . 
1-2 Bedroom s, an d E fficie n ce s 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
8o11 N. N ew B ra u n fe ls 828-4242 
W a n te d : N e e d 6 m a n a g e m e n t people, part time. P re fe r at least 
24 and m arried. C o 1! 681 13o9 

B L A N C O R O . an d B A S S E R D . 
1-2 B ed roo m s. G a s-W ate r Pd. 
6831 B A S IL W O O D 342-37o2 

3o1-o9-15 W. M a g n o lia 
A p a r tm e n ts f r o m $1oo a n d up- 
N e ar SA C , convenient shopping, bus lines. Coll 733-9857._________ 
W A R E H O U S E and D E L I V E R Y , com m ercial license required. C all 
N e u m a n D istr ib u tin g C o m p a n y 
225-4)25 for appt._________________ 

B rick 4-1' 2-1, carpets, air, fenced for Fido too! $235 
United, 735-9121, fee (285-3) 
One m an was dead F riday following a shoot-out with th ree police officers during an incident reportedly begun over a disagreem ent about a eat. 
Police said the man fired a shot a t two of the officers before being w ounded. None of the policem en w ere injured, reports said. 
T he v ictim , Luis M artinez, 27, of 1(551 S. 
A m anda St., was prounounced dead at Green 
Hospital at 12:5o a.m . 
The officers were originally called by the m an’s sister. M rs. Lucy Mize, 44, of the sam e address, who told them at a neighbor’s residence her brother had shot at one of lier cats after it 
“ m eow ed,” police said. 
After arguing with her brother, the woman ran across the street and telephoned police from a neighbor’s house, police said. 
W hile talking with the woman, the first two officers to arriv e heard two shots com ing from across the street. A m an standing outside Mrs. 
Mize’s residence fired at the two officers, reports said. 
The policemen returned the fire, and the m an, ap p aren tly w ounded, stag g ered into the re si­ dence tow ard the rear door. A third officer, who had arriv ed by this tim e, fired a single shotgun blast through the back door, police said. 
O fficers said the victim , with a cocked .22 pistol in his right hand, was found slum ped on the floor by the door. Ile had been shot in the shoulder and chest, police said. 

B rin g the k id s B 2 bdrm , fenced, low deposit! O n ly $78. W on't last! 
United, 735-9121, fee (335 2) 
$2oo W eekly O pportunity will be presented ta m a rrie d co uple at 
H oliday Inn N E Suite 148. Sat at 
2pm 432-o637. M r. Colem an 

M a n a g e r Trainees to learn excit­ in g new b u sin e ss w ith N a tio n a l 
Firm . Call 656-8646 
_____ 

714 B A IL E Y , So u th side, 4 room duplex, child w elcom e, 826-2233. 
B ro ad w ay-F t. Sam . R o ck I bdrm , air, g a ra g e , ap pls, fenced. $13o 
United, 735-9121, fee (318-1) 
W e st B e n d c o m p a n y h a s p a r t tim e opening for m o rrie d person interested in extra incom e, fro m 
$15o-525o a week plue, for m o re inform ation call after 12 o'clock 
6 56-8414._______________________ 

C o tta g e , liv in g ro o m , b e d ro o m com bination. K itch e n an d dining area. W oodlaw n H ills area, near 
41o. I O R 2 p e r s o n s . N o pe ts. 
W ater pd $12o $75. Oep. 435-1584. 

B u d g e t B e a t e r - N e a r to w n , I bdrm , fenced, k id s-F id c O K . Just 
$45 
United, 735-912), tee (3o7 2) 

M o d e r n I b d r m on c o rn e r lot, fenced, appls, air. $1oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (279-3) 

M A T U R E C O U P L E : R e n t a n d u t ilit ie s p a id in e x c h a n g e fo r le a s in g a p l a n d y a r d c a r e . 24 converted units in S A C areo. M u st be reliable. Apply in person, 2143 
Zercher Rood. 

D o n aldson . B ig I b d rm h a s air. 
K ids-pets O K . $12o 
United, 735 912), fee (288-2) 

M o d e rn 3 d rm , den, built-ins, 2 garag e , 2 tots fenced. 
United, 735-9121, fee (29o-2) 

B udget m in d e d ? T ry this 2 b d rm house, fenced fo r kids*pets. $8o 
United, 735-912), fee <335-2) 

2x2 
1U2 
N E W 
B R A U N F E L S 
R E S ID E N T S 
_____________ 

E M yrtle, I or 2 be droom s, near 
SA C , Trinity. 735-7)36____________ 
C A M E L O T 
3-2-2 in g r e a t condition. K itch e n h a s d is h w a s h e r , d o u b le o v e n , r a n g e , a n d r e f r ig e r a t o r . N .E . 
Sch ools. C lo se to W in d so r P a r k 
M a ll. $295 m o nth. C h u c k A sh b y 
Realtor. C a ll T im A sh b y 655-o7o7, 
824 2128.__________________________ 

M a tu r e p e rso n fo r e s ta b lis h e d sandw ich route go ing out o* town. 
T r a n s p o r t a t io n fu r n is h e d . N o 
Phone C alls! Apply 36)3 S. P re sa. 

E x p e r ie n c e d m o n fo r g e n e r a l g r o u n d s m a in t e n a n c e , 4o h r. w eek. A p p ly at office, W a r r e n 
H o u se A pts. 3222 N W L o o p 41o. 
1oAM to 7PM.____________________ 

H a rlo n d a le . 2 b d r m on I a c r e 
B ills pd $1oo C a ll now ! 
United, 735-9121, fee (275-2) 

4 b e d r o o m , 2'» b a t h h o m e in 
C H A R T E R O A K S . All d ra p e rie s, w a ll-to -w a ll c a r p e tin g , p r iv a c y fenced, wet b a r and ga m e room . 
$575 m onthly. 
344-3o78, nites 
696-o866 
D O N J O H N S O N CO. R E A L T O R S 

H ig h la n d . C a rp e te d , b d rm , o ir, bills part paid. Fenced. SH O 
United, 735-912), fee (29o-3) 
4-2-2, Cornet, refrigerato r, stove, dishw asher, 
N E , 441o M onaco, 
655-7873.__________________________ 

F U L L - P A R T T IM E 
D ue to expansion in the San A n ­ tonio area, we have o pen in gs that m ust be filled im m ediately. R a p id a d v a n c e m e n t , no e x p e r ie n c e necessary. 342-5228______________ 

Just starting out? I b d rm ga ra g e apt with fenced yard. $8o 
United, 735-9121, fee (283-3) 
N e a r F ie ld s a n d E x p r e s s w a y s , court yo rd a n d fountain entrance. 
A ll e le c tric k itch en , L e a s e a n d deposit. 333-65oo._________________ 

B A B Y S I T T E R n e e d e d 8 1 3o, 
M o n . - F r i. , 4 m o n th s o ld b o y , 
N ’E a s t a r e a . N e a r L o o p 41o. 
R e f e r e n c e s r e q u ir e d . P r e f e r license. 656-2838 ofter 5. 
B a b y sitte r w anted for two c h il­ dren, 58o month. 736-572).________ 
C o u p le w a n te d to w o r k on 
Country Estate, house furnished, plus salary. C all 655-882) for info. 

E x p e r ie n c e d m a id for g e n e r a l housew ork, so m e laundry. M o n - 
W ed-Fri. Top salary. 826-11)6 

3 -1-Carport, d in in g roo m , c a th e ­ d r a l c e il i n g s , r a n g e , r e f r ig , co v e re d p a tio , a ir , fru it tre e s, 
N e ar 
V alle y 
H i 
M a ll. 
$195. 
824-7957._________ ___ 

K i d s - P e t s W e lc o m e ! 2 b d r m 
M obile, ce n ira i air, fencec. N W 
United, 735-9121, fee (287-1) 
N e a r Ft. S a m . ) b d rm D u p le x 
Frig, air, $125, w ater pd. 
United, 735-9121, tee (324-2) 
M a v - A u g . 
S u b le a s e , w asher, 5295. M o. 735-7816. 
3 -’ 2 -1, c e n t r a l h e a t - a ir , a p ­ pliances, $235 mo. C E N T U R Y 21 
Schneider R e alty 684-72oo_______ 

N E A R Lck ln d -K e lly, 2brm House, 
$125mo., $5o-dep. 219 M cla u gh lim . 
927-4641__________________________ 

P arttim e positions for N o rth sid e retail so re s. So m e re tail e x p e r ­ ience preferred. P o lygrap h exam required. A g e over 21 preferred. 
Apply in person: Don s and Ben s, 
6oo3 W est A ve at Loop 41o._______ 

M ove-ln N ow ! 2 bdrm . K ids-oets 
O K. No lease, no deposit. $1oo 
United, 735 9121, fee (294-1) 
3-11 J-1, c e n t r a l h e a t a n d a ir , ra n ge an d r e frig e ra to r included 
I m m e d ia t e o c c u p a n c y , $225. 
684-433o, 344-62o7 
O E A N IE O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
C H A R M IN G , excellent condition, 
4-2-2, enclosed patio, N E Schools, 
$34o, I y e ar lease. 653 2472 

N E 3-2-1 -Eden, lu ll kitch en, full carpet p riv a c y fence. $285 
R O S S I R E A L T Y _________ 494-7781 
3-2-2. N E .I.S D., low utilities, re- frig. $31o. 494-3752________________ 

M o v e r ig h t in ! 2 b d r m h o u se , carpeted, fenced for 
K iddies. 
$175. 
United, 735 912). tee (279 2) 
M O V IN G C O M P A N Y 
N eeds Experienced 
D R IV E R S 
L O A D E R S 
P A C K E R S (m ale-fem ale) 
655-3811 

Y o u ’ll be amazed at the interesting jobs offered in today’s 
Want Ads! 

N E . 3 bdrm , carpet, c e n tral air, separate dining. $225 
United, 735 9121, fee (29o-1) 
N o D e p o s it - N o le a s e ! 
M o v e today! I bdrm . $55. Kid-pet O K 
United, 735 9121, fee (323-2) 

N O D O W N TO A N Y O N E , Is l pym t in July, 3-4 bedroom hom es, som e w ilh carpe t and ap pliances. M o. paym ents start at $18o. 
R O SSI R E A L T Y ________ 
494-7781 

N O lm o s P a r k . 2 b d rm , a p p ls, central air, carport, fenced. 
Kid-pet 
United, 735-9121, tee (285-2) 

N eed fu rn ish e d h o u se ? 3 bdrm , carpet, cent air, g a r a g e N E . Call 
United, 735 9121, fee (29o-1) 

C H U R C H I L L A R E A : C h o ic e 3 bedroom , 2 both. M a y I. $3oo - up. 
Loo F o rk s - 341-o11o 
Will train 
Live on estate in private quarters. 
U tilitie s fu rn ish e d , 6 d a y w o rk week, split shift, prefer m atured widow or retired Bilingual. M u st be in good health, quiet, re se rve d an d have references. P a y open for discussion. C all E C. 696-8317 
6pm-9pm during w e ek___________ 

M u sic ian looking tor a partner. 
826-7o52_____________ _ 
N e e d a c t iv e p e rso n to h a n d le e v e n in g coin la u n d ry d u tie s at n ie gh b o rh oo d w a sh ate rio . M u s t be a m b itio u s, p e r m a n e n t a n d d e p e n d a b le 
A p p ly a n y d a y 
3 8PM , HOS W. French a l Blanco. 
N o calls._____________________ 

N ifty m o b ile h o m e h a s w a sh e r- drye r and fenced for all $165 
United, 735-912), fee (295-2) 
C O L O N IA L C O U N T R Y H O M E 
B e a u tifu l, b ir c h p a n e le d 2 b e ­ d r o o m o n B a n d e r a R d . n e a r 
M e d ical Center, U T S A and Loop 
41o. Quiet, resp onsible, w orking, m arrie d couple O N L Y . W a le r pd 
No garage . Dep. req. Lots of C lo ­ sets. 684-2295 after 5pm 

Randolph A F B . I bdrm , air, c a r ­ pel, carport, $125 B ills ad 
United, 735-9)21, fee (275-1) 
SE . I bdrm ha s g a ro ge , fenced for 
Kids-pets. $1oo 
United- 735 9121, fee (276-1) 
Krueger lauds 
Califano’s action 

NW . 2 and 3 B d rm Duplexes. Cent a ir , W a s h e r - D r y e r c o n n ., a ll oppls. $19o-5235. 341-6267 

P A R T T IM E E M P L O Y M E N T 
C a r and phone helpful. D a ily P o y . 
Peokload Te m porory Se rv ice 51o 
N M ain. 225-6o2o 
___ 
Live-in. M u st speak English. Top 
S a la r y . E x p e r ie n c e a n d r e f e r ­ ences required. 5 days. 344-9652; 
344-648o 

St. M a r y s . 
I b d r m c o tt a g e , fenced, K id s pets O K . M o st bills od 
United, 735 912), tee (277 1 ) 

Colonies North. 2 bdrm , built-ins and w a sh e r-d rye r, carpet, m an y extras. C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (281-1) 

NW . 3 bdrm , cent, air, ap pls and huge yard. Only $15o 
U n i t e d . 735-9121, t e e 
( 2 7 8 I ) 
P E R M A N E N T P O S I T I O N fo r 
Reliable, m ature couple. M u st be experienced in ap artm e n t m a in ­ te n a n c e a n d o p e ra tio n . R e f e r ­ ences. R e p ly to B ox 132o3. San 
Antonio, Tx. 78216________________ 

N W 2 bdrm , stove fridge, fenced tor pots. B ills part ad. $9o 
United, 735-9121, tee (33o-2) 

T ry this 2 b d rm M obile. K ids-pets 
O K Fenced. $115 
United. 735 9121, fee (2912) 

3-2-2, Colonies North, near school, c o n v e n ie n t M e d sch o o l, U T S A , 
USAfe, $3oo. M on th 696 7582. 
U.S. Rep. Bol) Krueger Friday lauded Housing, 
K dueation and W elfare S ecretary Joseph A. 
(’a lifa n o ’s sig n in g of S ectio n 5o4 of th e 
Rehabilitation Act of 1o7.1 

The regulations require that a person cannot he discrim inated against under any program or activity receiving federal assistance because of his handicap, 

“ I am glad that the secretary has chosen to im plem ent these regulations,” K rueger said. “ I am hopeful this will he the beginning of many new opportunities for the disabled to participate more fully in our society.” 

“ C ertainly the stand taken by our ad m inistra­ tion on this issue is consistent with its posture on human rig h ts,” Krueger said. 

E ld e rly gentlem an needs an ex perience cook and housekeeper 
732-44o5 
______ 
N W - 2 b e d ro o m house, ce nters, schools, $9o- 223-4641 or 695 9263 
Contry! P riv a te m obile 2 bdrm , 2 bdrm , 2 bath, 16x16 den add-on, fenced tor kids-pets. $19S 
United. 735-9121, fee (286 2) 

P e rso n s needed to train for part tim e w ork o s L A D Y P A C K E R S for local m oving and storage firm . 
Requirem ents are: m ust have t o r an d telephone 
A p ply in p e rso n i-4pm w eekdays 
T o w n e ^e rvice s 8923 Aero Lo n e 
Relief d«!sk clerk, exp only. 3 It 
Sa t o nd Sun. A p p ly in p e rs o n , 
R o m o d o Inn, 1131 Austin Hw y 

Question? 

Problem? 

NW . 3 2, 19oo sq.ft , fireplace S36S. 
W E S T , 3-11 »• I, a ll a p p lia n c e s , central c ir $21o. 
L A C K L A N D . 3-1-CP, central air 
$ 2 1 o . 
K E L L Y , 3-1-1, a ll a p p lia n c e s , fenced $2oo 
W E S T , 3-1-1, all ap pliances, ce n­ tral air $225 
681 o66o 

H O U S E K E E P E R , C om panion for elderly lady, live in 824 9816 
L iv e - in C o m p a n io n fo r h a n ­ dicapped m ale student em ployed accountant. Send resum e to: 4o32 
E Southcross, Apt. 24o5, S A., Tx 
78222. 

Co n v e n ie n t I b d rm , o p p ls, cent air. water, g a s ad $135 
United, 735-9121. tee (3o6 1 ) 

A A A A A A A A A A A A W 
W H Y 
R E N T ? O w n a hom e, i f s e a sy ! 
$1oo 53oo down, no credit hassle. 
July Is l pym t 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6169 
C o n v e n ie n t a n d c o z y b d r m 
Fenced for pets. N ow just $6o 
United, 735 9121, tee (289 2) 
L iv e in M a id , p riv a te q u a r t e r s 
H o u se k e e p in g a n d c h ild c a r e 
6V6-532J, 684 2427; 225-6561. 
A A A A A A A A A W .. Still renting? 
Ow n your own hom e. Som e only 
$1oo dow n! N o C re d it? N o p ro b ­ lem ! 922 2173, 675 9294, 673 4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

C o u n try c o tt a g e on IOO a c r e s fishing, ha s air, appl, $9o 
United, 735-912), tee (284 I) 
L I V E IN M A I D for h o u se w o rk , la u n d r y a n d c h ild c a r e . M u s t speak 
E nglish. 
R e f s required 
653-4141 
Coupes De i.gh t! I barm , no lease, stove, fenced, real clean $75 
United, 735-9121, tee (284 2) 
Actio, 
O ff St 
C lo u d 
2 b d rm , a ir, ( garage, no lease. $13o. C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (311-1) 

A A A H O M E S 
52oo T O T A L M O V E IN - W H Y 
R E N T ? W hen you can buy 3 or 1 be d ro o m s. P a y m e n ts le ss than rent! F irst p a ym e n t in July 
674-6126________ R A E R e al Estate 

A b e a u t if u l 3 b e d r o o m , a p ­ p lia n c e s , f e n c e d c o r n e r , i m ­ maculate, $185 
R O U G H R I D E R R E A L T Y 
__________ 654 713) 

F u ll tim e . O p p o r t u n it y to a d 
Vance. A ge no foetor. N eed ca r 
C onvenience store A p ply in p e r­ son 
Office upstairs. 
7o8 
W 
Sum m it._________________________ 

L iv e -in m a id , h o u s e w o r k o n d com panion with references. M in- im um wage. Colt 732-5629 
C o u p le s D e li g h t ! I b d r m , no lease, stove, fenced, real clean 
$75 
United, 735 9)21. fee (284 2) 

O ff W e id n e r R d 
2 b d rm , ap p l, corp, fence, kid-pet, S14o. W ate r pd 
United, 735-912), tee (322 2) 
M A IO , liv e -in , c o m p a n io n a n d h o u se k e e p e r w ith r e fe r e n c e s 
M in im u m wage. Call T E C 222-8484 
Ex* 327 
______ 

C u te b ra P a r k . 3 b d r m , a p p ls, carpet, cent air, storage G a ra g e 
$15o 
United, 735 9121, fee (278 1) 
Deilcrest area. 4-2 2CP, built-ins, air, fenced for pets kids. $25o 
United, 735 9121, tee (285 1 ) 

O U R B U S IN E S S IS R E N T A L S ! 
Houses, D u p le x e s, A p a rtm e n ts, 
M o b ile h o m e s in all a r e a s an d p rice s. C a ll! U N IT E D 735 9121 
Fee 9 9 7 D a y s __________ 

R e tir e d M ilit a r y ( c o u p le ) fo r m anagem ent al 48 unit ap artm e n t com plex. Southside near M ilita ry 
D rive Salory plus ap artm e nt tor leasinq services. M a n will o ssist in y a rd co re and m ain te n a n ce . 
Aoply in person, 2143 Zerch er 
Road. 

M a t u r e d e p e n d a b le la d y w ho n e e d s a g o o d h o m e to liv e in o p o rtm e n t with la d y for h o u s e ­ k ee pin g R e fe re n ce s an d sp e ak 
E n glish 653 8495 
__________ 
Read your answer in the 

A B IG 4 bedroom , 2 bath, fenced, central heat a ir $275 m o Call 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
A Choice of 3-4 bedro o m hom es to rent. L e a se w ith o p tio n to buy 
Own your hom e N O W ! $19o to $5oo mo. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69o-899o E v e s 696-88o5, 342 7712 

D ow n tow n I b d r m D u p le x 
$75 
M ost bills od Fe nced 
United, 735-9171, tee (322 1 ) 

M atu re lady live in housekeeper, speak English, ret 734 5849______ 
M atu re lady, live in housekeeper speak som e E n glish 714-46)9 
P lush D e llvie w 3 bdrm , big den, central weather, huge yard. 
United, 735 9)21, tee (286 1) 

Price d to rent q u ick ly ' N ortheast, 
3 2-2, fenced, central air-heot, pa 
Ira, carpet, drapes, $2So. 494 3833 
194 5961 

Duplex 1-1-CP W afer pd. M atu re adult only $14o 736 o169 
____ 

D u p le x : P r iv a t e lo c a tio n n e a r 
Hollyw ood P o rk , 2 bedroom , I ' / bath, kitchen ap p lian c e s, fenced b ac k y a rd , w a te r p a id , t y o u lease. 494-5896 

Person to clean house near Cule- b i d a n d N W 4 I o «64 8478____________ 

Y o u n g executive d e sire s live in m aid . Send re su m e lo E x p r e s s 
N ew s Box 44o9, 78297 ____ 

Van \iitoiiii) I lo s e r v ic e D o w e r sta n d s. $12o g u a r a n t e e d or c o m m is s io n 
4 d ays Call 699 o281 or 878 6827 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 977 
Rebates on efficient cars could begin Sunday 

W A SH IN G TO N ( A P ) 
- 
A n yon e b u y in g a 
Small, efficient car after 
Saturday w ill get a cash rebate if that section of 
President 
Carter’s energy plan gets through 
C on gress, C a r te r ’s top energy adviser said friday. 
.lam es R. S ch lesin g er told r e p o r te r s the proposed rebates on fuel efficient c a r s w ould be r e tr o a c tiv e to M ay I, 
1977, regardless of when 
C on gress p a s s e s th e legislation. 
The aim , S ch lesin g er 

 sa id , is to avoid e n c o u r a g in g p e o p le to hold off buying sm aller cars until Congress acts. 
However, the proposed ta x es p e n a liz in g p u r­ chasers of “ gasguzzlers” which deliver few m iles per g a llo n , would take effect only after 
Con­ g r e s s a d o p ts it, S c h le ­ sin ger said , b eca u se it would be too difficult — and perhaps illegal — to go back and collect the tax from people who had p u r ch a se d th e s e c a r s earlier. 
T he p ro p osed C arter 

' * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 4 
[ L 
* * * * * * * * * * 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
• L i t t i O t k a a 

 rebates for fuel-efficient ca r s m e a n s the d r iv e r who buys a new car g et­ tin g 19 to 2o m ile s per g a llo n a fter S a tu rd a y could expect a rebate of about $47 if the plan is ap proved by C o n g ress. 
The purchaser of a car getting 28 to 29 m iles per g a llo n would g e t b a ck about $321 and the p ur­ c h a s e r of a r e a lly efficient car delivering 39 miles per gallon or m ore w ould c la im a 
$473 rebate. 

Schlesinger explained details of Carter's energy program after the P r e ­ sident sent his legislative proposals to Congress. 

The program was also explained in a 1o3-page book issued by the White 
H ouse r e v ie w in g th e proposals announced by 
Carter on April 2o. 

Proposed rebates on fuel efficient cars would be retroactive to May J, 1977, regardless o f when 
Congress passes the leglislation 

Asked about th e p o s­ sibility of future gasoline ration in g, S c h le s in g e r said ration books printed up during the A rab oil em bargo of 1973-74 are still in storage but added the administration has no intention of im posing ra­ tio n in g , a lth o u g h it rem a in s a 
“ fa llb a c k measure” which could be used in an emergency. 

S ch lesin ger also said there is no plan to ask gasoline stations to close one day each week as was done during the embargo. 
In stead , S c h le s in g e r said. Carter’s plan would a llow in d iv id u a ls and 

 companies to decide how much energy to use and for w h at p u r p o se s . It would try to en cou rage energy saving and a shift from oil and natural gas toward coal and nuclear power by increasing pe­ troleum p rices d irectly and through new taxes. 
Schlesinger said Carter already has authority to create a new category of newly-discovered oil and to let producers price it at the w orld m a rk et p rice, a ro u n d $13.5o a barrel, plus inflation. 
He sa id C arter w ill propose that new regula­ tion within a few weeks to e n c o u r a g e e x p lo r a tio n for new oil sources. 

S c h le sin g e r said that p rice should be a m p le incentive to the oil com ­ panies. 
C arter’s prop osals to add further federal taxes to lower-priced oil and to oil and gas used by elec­ tric u tilities and in d u s­ tr ie s w ill re q u ir e c o n ­ gressional legislation. 
3 “ We b e lie v e th is is a m in im al p la n ” to cop e w ith the expected gap in the 198os between inter­ national oil demand and e x p e c te d p ro d u ctio n c a p a c ity , S c h le s in g e r said. 
“ We are sta rtin g not one m in u te too s o o n ,’’ 
Schlesinger said. 
But he left the d oor 

 open for n e g o tia tio n s w ith 
C o n g r e ss o v er sp ecific m e a s u r e s, s a y ­ in g, “ It is p o s s ib le as d is c u s s io n s w ith C on ­ gress proceed that there may be adjustm ents.” 
The proposed en e r g y ta x e s , and a p ro p o sed standby tax on gasoline, would bt returned to the public under 
Carter’s plan. 
S c h le s in g e r sa id rebates would be made to h o m e o w n er s w ho heat with fuel oil, com pensat­ in g th em for new oil taxes on a dollar for dol­ lar basis. 
T hat m o n e y , S c h le ­ singer said, would com e 
“ off the top” of the taxes collected. 
T he rest, he sa id , would be divided up and returned equally to every 
A m e r ic a n , e ith e r th rou gh in c o m e tax credits or through direct 

 payments by way of the welfare system to those who do not file tax returns. 
He sa id th e r e b a te s could be taken either by r e d u c in g in c o m e tax withholding or by claim ­ ing a credit when the re­ turn is filed. 
Schlesinger estim ated the proposed taxes would total about $72 b illion through 1985. He said the 
T reasury m ight end up with a profit of perhaps 
$7 billion at most by 1985. 
Carter included in his energy legislation pack­ a ge a le t te r to the 
Speaker of the House and the President of the Sen­ ate saying, “ I recognize that th e m e a s u r e s p rop osed w ill im p o se b u rd en s on all A m e r ­ icans, and that many of these m e a s u r e s w ill be highly controversial.” 
He assured them that 

 he and his administration would work closely with 
C ongress toward e n a c t ­ m en t of the N a tio n a l 
A n er g y Act w h ich in ­ cludes his proposals. 
The energy book issued b y the 
W hite 
H o u se s h o w s that 
C a rter p r o p o se s to m a in ta in growth in the Gross N a­ tional P rod u ct ( G N P ), the common indicator of econom ic activity, at an annual rate of about 5 per cent. 
It sa y s C arter’s plan hopes to reduce e n erg y use to about 2 per cent a y e a r by im p r o v in g e f ­ ficiency of energy use. In th e p a st, e n e r g y c o n ­ su m ption has grow n at about the sa m e rate as the GNP. 
T he book a lso s a y s consumers, workers, and b u s in e s s e s all w o u ld b e n e fit from v a r io u s aspects of the plan. 

* 
* iA^crowfeaie.,, i 
I j 
Bonus V alue * 
SII® 

Jjjt 
-5 

IJT 

Ret*. 
Prick' 

"M others 
Day 
Saving 

Exclusive, family-size 
Browner Grill?499oo J 

 is m 

 i f 

PRICK SOOD ^ S U N D A Y MAY F 
1 9 7 ^ 

W a\^ ,a\* 
,aV 
' 5 - Y e a r M a g n e tr o n W a r r a n ty 

UTTON DEMONSTRATION SAT 4 3o 
H A M TO 3 P M 

SPEED QUEEN 

FACTORY/DISTRIBUTOR 

 asm 

 cash 
REBATE 

| b f a , 
! 
* 

PURCHASE ANY SPEED QUEEN 
AUTOMATIC WASHER J 
AND DRYER 
COMBINATION 
AND 
RECEIVE A 
5o DOLLAR 
REBATE 

PURCHASE A SPEED QUEEN J 
AUTOMATIC WASHER 
OR A SPEED QUEEN DRYER * 
AND RECEIVE A 
25 DOLLAR 
REBATE 

SPEED QUEEN 

Built better to last longer 

 diagonal 

 high pp rf-----------—— 
- 
COLOR TV Quasar 
I JOO% Solid S ta te 

* S e r v s c e M is e r 
Special furchal 

'wAiNurt 
WP34o4 

Uses less energy than a 75 waft light bulb 

Lightweight, oniy 28 pounds 

In-Line Matrix Picture Tube with Pre- 

Focus Lens incredibly sharp picture that 

 challenges all others. 

DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF 

DELUXE QUALITY 

VZ- 

• J I it 
SALAD SIZE-RED RIPE 

\ 
■ QaSbfmuKj 
LARGE CRISP HEADS 

I HENNY GRADE 
EGGS 

C O Z E N ! 

 rnm 

 i 

 jpNE GIVE TOP VALUE STAMP-3 

 r n * 

 vvm djinnim s 

 r n 

2415 H A R R Y R f KUBACH 
CREDIT TERMS AVAILABLE 

J TV and APPLIANCE STORES 
* 
* 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

 aSdc 
-m ak 4 5 fc? 

M 

KHCM7L7QNjS ALL FLAVORS ms m u m . 
------ .j * 

One hit too many 
UMPIRE SEPARATES Royals, Rangers as both benches em p tie d w h en Texas pitcher B ert Blyleven hit Kansas City b a tte r D arrell P o rter 

AP WIREPHOTO 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEW YORK — Pitcher Bert Blyleven of the Texas Rangers has been suspended for three days and fined $5oo for deliber­ ately throwing at Darrell Porter in a game at Kansas City 
Wednesday night, American League President Lee MacPhail announced Friday. 
The suspension is effective immediately, meaning Blyleven 

 will m iss this weekend’s series at Chicago. 
“The action was taken after checking umpires’ reports and talking to Blyleven and representatives of the clubs involved,” a spokesman for MacPhail said. 

Blyleven admitted he deliberately threw at Porter, appar­ ently in retaliation for Texas’ Juan Beniquez being knocked 

 down one-half inning earlier. Beniquez had hit his first home run in two years earlier in the game. Porter is the Kansas City catcher. 

“ I didn’t throw at him hard,” Blyleven said after the game, 
‘‘and I didn’t throw at his head the way they did. I threw at his thigh and I got him right there.” 

Saturday 

K x p r e s s - N e w 
M 
I_________ 

Trinity shocks 

SPORTS 
Dan Cook is iii, 

Page 
I -E* 
H * 
April 3o I 977 
Celtics, Rockets roll on 

Series tied, 3-3 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
BOSTON — The defending champion Boston Celtics, led by the sharpshooting of Jo Jo White and John Havlicek and the ten­ acious play of foul-plagued Dave 
Cowens, kept alive hopes for another National Basketball As­ sociation title Friday night with a 113-1o8 victory over the Phila­ delphia 76ers. 

In squaring the best-of-seven show­ down 3-3, the Celtics moved the E as­ tern division semifinal playoffs back to 
Philadelphia for a seventh gam e Sun­ day. 
White scored 4o points and Havlicek 
25 as each went the entire 48 minutes in th e fie rc e ly played g a m e before a packed crowd of 15,o4o at Boston Gar­ den. 
Cowens, who picked up his fifth per­ sonal foul with the second half only 5:19 old, m anaged to rem ain alive and go the rest of the way playing a key role in the final two minutes. 
Boston, bidding for a second conse­ cutive NBA championship and an un­ precedented 14th in history, led 27-23 a fte r one period as W hite hit for I! 
.points. 

P H IL A D E L P H IA (1o8): E rv in g J o 2 14, M cG in n is 
8 6 9 22, Jones 5 O O IO, B ibby 3 o o 6, C o llin s 12 8 11 32, 
M ix 3 3 3 9, F re e 3 12 7, D a w kin s 4 o 1 8, C a tch in g s o 
o 3 o. Totals 45 18-31 1o8. 
BOSTON (113): H a vlice k IO 5 7 25, Rowe 5 4 6 14, 
C ow ens 5 12 l l , W hite 16 8 9 4o, S co tt 5 IO l l 2o, 
W icks I 1-4 3, B oswell o O O o, S a u n d e rs o O O o. Totals 
42 29 39 113. 
Philadelphia 
23 25 35 25— 1o8 
Boston 
27 3o 3o 26— 113 
F ou led o u t—M cG innis. T otal F o u ls — P h ila d e lp h ia 
24, Boston 26. T ech n ica l fo u l— P h ila d e lp h ia C oach 
S h u t. A -15,o4o. 
BULLETIN 

LOS .ANGELES — H a re e m Abul- 
J a b b a r netted 45 points in leading Los 
Angeles to a 112-io5 victory over Gol­ den S tate in an NBA playoff g am e 
F r id a y n ig h t. The L a k e rs lead the series, 3-2. 
Track tears fall 

By MIKE BRUTON 

OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

CORPUS CHRISTI - The dark clouds that hung over 
Buccanee Stadium Friday did not come close to casting the gloom which showed on Lanier’s 
Joel Hernandez’ face after the m ile relay. 

T h ere were no finals in the AAAA div ision Friday, but it hurts just as bad to m iss qualifying and that was what brought the Lunier mile relay anchor­ man to tears. 
L a n ie r, a team which put many of its hopes in an abie mile relay, saw' the baton hit the fenders on the final handoff between 
R ic h a rd M cM ich ael and H ern an d e z. The r e s u lt w as a fifth- p lace fin ish and eli­ m in a tio n fro m th a t event in the finals. 
“ We had it all the w a y ,” s a id M c M ich ael, who had brought Lanier to second place before th e m is h a p o c c u rre d . 
“ W hen 
I 

Set* TRACK, Page SE 

BRUTON 

Lots o f expecting 

CHERYL ROBINSON 

Bv HARRY PAGE 

O F THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

Cheryl Robinson is pregnant. 

What’s so unusual about that? 

Well, Cheryl and her husband, 
Jay, will be bowling in the professional mixed doubles in 
Spectacular ’77 at Wonder Bowl next week. 

“ Cheryl said she’ll keep bowling un­ til she c a n ’t tie her shoe,” Jay said. 
“ She is going to try and bowl until her seventh m onth.” 
Cheryl is four months pregnant. 
“ Betty M orris won a to u rn a m e n t when she w as six m onths pregnant, and I hope the sam e thing happens to me when I go out on the tour,” Cheryl said. “ The pregnancy has slowed me down, but m y timing and coordination 

I 

Houston leads, 3-2 

JAY ROBINSON 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
HOUSTON - The Houston 
Rockets hit 16 of 19 free throws in a 4o-point third quarter and rallied behind Calvin Murphy’s 
4o points Friday night to beat 
Washington 123-115 in their Na­ tional Basketball Association 
Eastern Conference semifinal playoff series. 

Buoyed by their free throw' shooting, the Rockets took a 14-point lead early in the fourth quarter, but had to hold off a late Bullet rally when the Bullets cut Houston’s lead to four points with 
3o seconds to play. 
But Murphy hit two free throws with 
19 seconds to play to give Houston the cushion it needed. 
M urphy’s 4o points tied him for se­ cond place among leading single-game s c o re rs in the playoffs this season. 
M oses M alone ad d ed 25 p o in ts for 
Houston and Rudy Tomjanovich added 
19. Elvin Hayes led Washington with 
3o, Mitch Kupchak had 2o and Phil 

Chenier added 19. 
The victory gives the Rockets a 3-2 lead in the best-of-seven series, which resum es Sunday at Landover, Md. 
The Rockets, who did not score any free throws until the final two minutes of the first half, rallied from a 55-52 halftime deficit in the third quarter to take a lead they never lost. 
The Rockets, the NBA Central Di­ vision cham pions, caught up at 73-73 with four minutes to play in the third quarter on two free throws by Murphy. 
Early in the fourth quarter, the Rock­ ets had ballooned their lead to 14 points at 98-84, their biggest lead of the gam e. 
The Bullets, who face elimination if they lose Sunday, made another run at the Rockets when Houston went four minutes without scoring starting with 
7:45 left in the gam e. 

W A S H IN G TO N (H S ): G revev 2 o 1 4, H ayes 126 8 
3o, Unseld 2 1-2 5, Chenier 9 1-1 19, Henderson 4 4 4 
12. Kuochak 9 2 5 2o, G ra y 2 O O 4. W righ t 4 5-6 13, 
Weiss o O O o, Bing 3 2-2 8. Totals 47 21-3o. 
HOUSTO N (123): Jones 2 O O 4, Tom janovich 7 5 6 
19, M alone 9 7-9 25, Lucas 6 5-6 17, M u rp h y 16 8 8 4o. 
Kunnert o 1-2 I, N ewlin 3 OO 6, Johnson 3 5-7 l l . 
Totals 46 31 38. 
Washington 
24 31 26 34— 115 
Houston 
28 24 4o 31— 123 
Total fouls—W ashington 29, Houston 26. Fouled out—W right, Jones. A — 15,676. 

Sports on 
TV. Radio 

TELEVISION 
Saturday ll a.m . (Ch. 4) — Ara Parseghian’s 
Sports. 
I p.m. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 
1:15 p.m . (Ch. 4) — Major League 
B aseb all: Houston A stros vs. P itts­ burgh Pirates. 
2:3o p.m . (Ch. 12) — Alan King Ten­ nis Classic: Jimmy Connors defends his title against such stars as Haul 
Ram irez, Roscoe Tanner, Brian Gott- fr ie ld , Stan Sm ith and John New- com be. A pro-celebrity division fea­ tures Bill Cosby, Frank Gifford, Buddy 
Hackett, Neii Simon, Carl Reiner, Ro- sey Grier, Barry Newman and others. 

3:3o p .m . (Ch. 5) — CBS S ports 
S p ecta cu la r: P erfo rm a n ces by R o­ m a n ia ’s Nadia Com aneci and other international gymnasts at the Chunichi 
Cup com petition; offbeat and enter­ taining sports matchups in the World 
F risbee Championships; Blue Grass 
Stakes Horse Race from Kentucky. 

4 p.m . (Ch. 4) — Houston Open Golf 
Tournament. 
4 p.m . (Ch. 12) - ABC’s Wide World of Sports: Daredevil Ken C arter at­ tem pts to leap over 12 parked trucks; perform ers of the Joie Chitwood Auto 
Thrill Show, and the 47th annual NCAA 
Wrestling'Chanipionships. 

6 p.m. (Ch. 41) — W restling. 
9 p .m . (Ch. 41) — B oxing: World 
Flyw eight Title Fight between Cham­ pion Guty Espadas and Challenger Al­ fonso Lopez. 

Sunday 
12:3o p.m . (Ch. 4) — Major League 
B aseb all: Houston A stros vs. P itts­ burgh Pirates. 
12:3o p.m . (Ch. 5) - NBA on CBS: 
Playoff Doubleheader. 
12:45 p.m . (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 

1:3o p.m . (Ch. 12) — World Invita­ tional T ennis Classic: T oday’s show features a match between Sue Barker and Evonne Goolagong. 

3qj.ni. (Ch. 12) — Alan King Tennis 
Classic from Last Vegas. 
3 p.m . (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 
Highlights. 

3:3o p.m . (Ch. 4) — Houston Open 
Golf: Final Round from Woodland Hills 
Country Club. 
4:3o p.m . (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 

RADIO 
Saturday 
I p .m . (WOAI, 12oo) - H ouston 
Astros vs. Pittsburgh Pirates. 

Sunday 
12:2o p.m . (WOAI, 12oo) — Houston 
Astros vs. Pittsburgh Pirates. 

Broyles 

Dodgers stumble 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

Amarillo won its second four-hour mar­ athon from San Antonio in three days, nipping the Dodgers, 6-4, in 13 innings 
Friday night. 

The Gold Sox snapped a 4-all tie in the four hour and two m inute gam e by scoring twice off hardluek loser B arry Biggerstaff. 
R u n -sco rin g singles by P aul O ’Neill and ILF. 
Drake brought an end to the bat­ tle, which was delayed 27 minutes by rain in the seventh inning. 
It was the rain delay which ap­ parently took away the D odgers’ momenutum . 
T h e D o d g e rs w ere b re e z in g along with a 3-1 lead before play 

 a waas stopped with one out in the top of the seventh at 9:o2 p.m. 

').? 
D ave P a tte rs o n , who allow ed only four hits and one run in the first seven innings, was relieved after giving up an eighth inning single to Bobby Mitchell and a walk to Kurt Witt- mayer. 
M a n a g e r Don “ D u c k y ” L e Jo h n c a lle d on right-hander Kevin Keefe, who promptly gave up a two-run double to Ivan Murrell, tying the gam e at 
3-all. 
Biggerstaff was then summ oned to pitch to Bro­ derick Perkins, who slashed an opposite field double 

Littler, 
Bums tie 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
HOUSTON — Veteran Gene Littler fired nine “3s,” including an eagle on the 16th hole, for a 65 that lifted him into a tie with 
George Burns for the second-round lead 
Friday in the $2oo,ooo Houston Open Golf 
Tournament. 

The usually placid, unemotional Littler tossed his putter into the air after holing a 6o-foot putt for the eagle that put him seven under par for the day. 
The 46-year-old veteran had to have those heroics to take a sh a re of the top spot with Burns, who matched Littler’s 135 total, nine under par for two 

SUPER SAVINGS ON THE 
FINEST NAME IN 
QUALITY AUDIO! 

KD-3o55 TURNTABLE 
CONCRETE RESIN M S I, FU L 
AUTO/REIT M W E, K R U T , 
W/QlM-36 ADC CAHM M H 

^KENWOOD 

INTEGRATED AMPLIFIER 
MODEL K A -3 5 o o 
4o WATTS 
* 
» I ‘ 
PER 
I O L l 7 
* * H i 
I 
CHANNEL 
■ 
W W 

INTEGRATED AMPLIFIER 
MODEL K A -5 5 o o 

55 WATTS 
PER 
I o o 8 8 

CHANNEL 
1 ' " 

KO-1o33 TURNTABLE 
MANUAl/K It DOVI, 
INCLUDES P JO ADC CARTHON 
; 
JJVfrr 
. % 'x%* '■ I s*< 

K INWOOD 

SAU 

HERE’S OUR LINE-UP! KENW OOD’S SUPER AM -FM RECEIVERS! 

KENWOOD 
SALE 

KR-36oo 
2o WATTS PER 
CHANNEL 
2o9.77 

 gp # | M « « 

KENWOOD 
SALE 

KR-56oo 
[4o WATTS PER 
CHANNEL 
299.44 

KR-46oQ 
3o WATTS PER 
CHANNEL 
238.88 
KENWOOD 
SALE! 

KR-66oo 
6o WATTS PER 
CHANNEL 
369.66 

 p a / T T I 
KENWOOD 
SALE 
^KENWOOD KR-76oQ 

8o WATTS PER CHANNEL RMS 

KENWOOD 
SALE 
438 

7 7 
• " * • * * ' » , 
* 
, 

M 
T 
.11 
MARBACH 

SATURDAY 

I O - M O N T H 
L A Y A W A Y 

6624 S A N Pf DRO 

(N IX ? IO P IZZA H U I) 

8 2 4 - 7 2 9 6 
^ 

MARBACH P L A Z A 

(M ilita ry Dr W a1 M d rb o tK Rd ) 
6 7 4 - 7 5 2 3 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 977 
Astros win 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

PITTSBURGH — Floyd Bannister, top pick in baseball’s free agent draft last June, gained his first major league pitching victory and Joe Ferguson hit two home runs to lead the Houston an 11-3 triumph over the Pittsburgh Pirates Friday 
Astros to night. 
Reds hot 
CINCINNATI (AP) — Woodie Fry­ man and Rawly Eastwick combined for a seven-hitter and George Foster singled in the winning run as the 
Cincinnati 
Reds extended their winning streak to four games with a 3-2 victory over the Chicago Cubs Friday- night. 
Fryman, the oldest starter in the 
National League, won his first game since opening day. The 37-year-old left-hander settled down after a shakey start to even his record at 2-2. 
Eastwick was summoned with two outs in the ninth after George Mitter- wald doubled. He was greeted by Larry 
Biittner’s pinch hit single, then retired 
Ivan Bejesus on a fly to post his fourth save. 
Bill Buckner drove in both Chicago runs with a double and sacrifice fly. 

Bannister, a product of Arizona State 
University, allowed ll hits but pitched the full nine innings in his first major league start. He had been o-1 in two relief appearances this season. 
HOUSTON 
PIT T SB U R G H ab r h bi ab r h bi 
JGnzlz ss 
5 I 3 I 
Tveras ss 
5 I 
I o 
>:' 
■ 
JCruz rf 
5 I 2 I 
Jckson p 
o o o o 

Cedeno cf 
4 I o o 
Dilone cf 
5 I 
I 3 
. 

{'V / , ■'* watson lb 
4 1 I o Parker rf 
5 I 3 2 
Frgson c 
5 3 3 4 Oliver lf 4 
5 o I o 

CJhnsn lf 
5 I 3 o Strgll lb 
4 o I 
I 
.ms--* 
Grdnet 
Howe lf 
3b 

o o o o 
4 1 1 2 
Sin nit 
Garner 
2b 
3b 

3 
3 
o 
o 

I 
I 

o 
o 
- 
? 

; 
Sprrng 
2b 
3 2 I 2 Dyer c 
3 o o o 

Bnnstr a 
4 OOO 
Reuss p 
1 o o o 

Ornery p 
o o o o 

FGnzlz 
Dh 
I o I o 

OJones 
P 
o o o o 

Helms oh 
I o o o 

Frster 
P 
o o o o 

Mndoza ss 
I o I o 

Total 
.. 
39. ll 
14 ll 
Total 
37.:I ll 
3 

Houston 
.......................... 
o o o.5 1 5.o oo—11 
Pittsburgh 
.................... 
1 o o.o o o IO O - 3 
E —Ferguson, 
Garner, 
JGonzalez. 
D P— 
Houston 
I, 
Pittsburgh 
2. 
L O B —Houston 
7, 

Pittsburgh 
IO 
2B—O V L IV E R , 
Howe, 
JGonza­ lez, 
Saerring, 
Parker. 
HR — Ferguson 
2 
(5). 
S B —Dilone, 
Parker. 
S—Bannister. 
IP . ..H 
R . E R BB SO 

Bannister 
(W,l-1) 
9 ll 
3 
3 
3 
9 
Reuss 
(L,o-3) 
3 
8 
5 
4 
2 
1 
Oemerv 
2 
1 
1 
1 
o 
o 
OJones 
4 
1 
4 
5 
5 
1 
o 
Forster 
2 
1 
o 
o 
o 
2 
Jackson 
I 
o 
o 
o 
1 
1 

S.A .-A in arillo box 

AM ARILLO (6) 
SAN ANTONIO (4) 

CHICAGO 
C I N C I N N A T I ab r h bi 
DeJsus ss 
4 1 1 o 
Rose 
3b 
Crdnal lf 
1o o o Flynn 
3b 
Bckner lb 
3 o 12 
Cncpcn ss 
Murcer rf 
4 o 1o Griffey rf 
JeM rls cf 
4 o 1o 
Morgan 
2b 
Trillo 
2b 
4 o o o Drssen lb 
Otvros 
3b 
( O O H 
GFster lf 
Mfrwld c 
4 12 o Bench c 
Wallis pr 
o o o o Grnimo cf 
Bnham p 
2 o 1o 
Frymn p 
Sutter 
P 
o o o o Easwk a 
Clines 
Ph 
o o o o 
Biittner ph 
1o 1o 
K either pr 
o o o o 
Total 
31.2.8.2 Total 

 ab r h bi 

4 1 1 1 
o o o 
o 
1 
o 
o 
o 
o 

2 I 
2 o 
I o 
o o 
I I 
o o 
I I o 
OOO 
OOO 

28 3 8.3 

 ab r h bi ab r h bi 

Hlstrm 2b 
6 
I 
3 
I 
Wshngn ss 
6 
I 
I 
o 

Mtchel rf 
4 
I 
I 
I 
Fscheti dh 
6 
o 
I 
o 

Leisle ph lf 
I 
o 
o 
o 
Webb 3b 
5 
I 
I 
I 
Murrel cf 
6 
I 
3 
2 
Hance lb 
6 
o 
2 
I 
Prkins lb 
6 
o 
I 
I 
Lnard It 
6 
I 
4 
I 
Cstillo c 
6 
o 
o 
o 
Rushde rt 
6 
o 
I 
1 

O Neill 3b 
5 
I 
3 
o 
Farr c 
5 
o 
I 
o 

Alfano dh 
3 
o 
I 
o 
Grrison cf 
3 
o 
o 
o 

Drake ph dh 3 
I 
2 
I 
Orlar ph-cf 
3 
o 
I 
o 

Stimac lf rf 
5 
o 
I 
o 
Meyers 2b 
5 
I 
I 
o 

Wtmaycr ss 
4 
I 
o 
o 
Totals 
SI 
4 13 
4 
Totals 
48 
6 15 
6 

Amarillo 
IOO OOO 
o3o 
OOO 
2-6 
San Antonio 
o12 
OOO 
o1o OOO 
o--4 

E —Hance, W ittm aye r. D P — Sa n 
Antonio 
2. 

Chicago 
1 oo.o 1 o.oo o— 2 

Cincinnati 
....................... 
o o 
2.o o 
1.o o x— . 3 

D P—Chicago 
3, 
Cincinnati 
I. 
LO B — 
Chicago 
8, 
Cincinnati 
6. 
28—Dejesus, 
Buckner, 
Cncepcion, 
Geronimo, 
Rose, 

Mtterwald. 
S B —Griffey. 
S—Cardenal, 
Fryman, 
Bonham, 
DeJesus. 
S F —Buciner. 
IP 
H 
R 
ER BB SO 

Bonham 
(L.2-2) 
7 1-3 8 3 
3 
4 
5 

Sutter 
2-3 o o o 
o 
o 
Fryman 
(VV,2-2) 
8 2-3 8 
2 
2 
2 
2 

Eastwick 
1-3 I 
o o 
o 
o 

Save— Eastwick 
(4). 
T —2:1o. 
A — 34,452. 

LO B— Amarillo IO, S.A. ll. 2B— Hallstrom, Rushde, 
M urrell, Perkins. 3 B — O 'N eill. H R - W e h b (2). 
S B — Stimac, Meyers. 
IP 
H R ER BB SO 

Lentz 
Lee 
Joseph 
French <W.I O) 
Patterson 
X Keefe 
Biggerstaff (,1-2) 
Smith 

3 
2-’.i 
J' j 
o 
5' J 

8 
J 
4 
3 
o 
o 
2 
o 
o 

o o o 
6 
J 
3 

1 
I 
I 

7 
2 
2 

I 
o o 

I 
I 
o I 
1 
o 

o 
o 

1 
4 

o o 
2 
2 

o o 

XFaced one batter in eighth. H B P — O Neill (by 
Patterson); Hallstrom (bv Biggerstaff). P B — Farr. 
T— 4:o2. A— 771. 

MOTOR MART (NORTH)— 3 DAY 
OPENING SALE 

FRI., SAT., SUN. 
APR. 29-3o, MAY I 

AT ALL 3 LOCATIONS 
(NORTH) 1951 BABCOCK RD. 
(SOUTH) 2422 E. SOUTHCROSS 
(EAST) 512 SO. W.W. WHITE RD. 

 moTorT ilspeciaT 
49« 

ValvoliME 

* » O T O « 

159 3Q-W-HPo 
(High Detergent) 

OFFER ENDS 
SUNDAY 
M A Y I, 1977 

QT. 
Cash-n-Carry 
$1o.95 Case 24 
(limit I Case) 

55 

<1 

QT. 
Cash-n-Carry 
$11.95 Case 24 
(Limit I Case) 
»141 1o-W-4o 
(All dimote, Heavy duty) 

VALVOMATIC 
AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
FLUID 

YOUR CHOICE 
59QT. V 

Mfg. Sugg. List $1.15 
Type C # 3 4 7 OEXRON ll 
Type FA #341 

PEAK 
ANTIFREEZE 
SUMMER COOLANT 

$ 
3 
2 9 

Gat. 

Cash-n-Carry 

NORTH STORE ONLY 
METRIC TOOL KITS 
W89-3oo 
W89-3o1 

I 

ODDS-N-ENDS i 
DELUXE 
FLOOR 
MATS 
$ o5 9 
I 
O P,. 
I 

Values to $12.oo 
J 
YOUR CHOICE $Q95 
We have foreign car parts. 
• ea. 

SHOP ALL 3 STORES 
Fri. ’til 6 
Sat. ’til 5 
Sun. 9 to 4 

A 
* 
MOTOR MART 
(NORTH) 1951 BABCOCK RD. 349-o1o3 
(SOUTH) 2422 E. SOUTHCROSS 533-81o3 
(EAST) 512 SO. W.W. WHITE RD. 333-7191 

Tennis berths earned 

•SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
ARLINGTON - Ur- suline’s Joan Zatopek and St. Anthony's Joe 
Aviles and Mike Olgin each “ earned berths in 
Saturday’s semifinals of the TOIL state tennis championships with triumphs 
Friday afternoon. 
Zatopek will face Fort 
Worth Nolan’s Marla 
Watson in a singles match. Aviles and Olgin will challenge 
Tom 
Brozig and Joe Aldope of 
Galveston O’Connell in a doubles semifinal 

Quarterfinals 

Steve Folsome, Dallas Jesuit, del. Art Gamma, Central Cath otic, 6-o, 6-1; Trey Schutz, G al­ veston O 'C o n n e ll, def. M ik e 
Payer, Central Catholic, 6-1, 6 1; 
Aviles-Olgin, St. Anthony, def. 
Joe M artin-Brian Steele, Fort 
Worth Nolan, 6-4, 3-6, 6-4; Z a ­ topek, Ursuline, def. M argare t 
Little, Dallas Christian, 6-4, 2 6, 
6-3. 
Tru<*k 
AA Regional at Texas 
A&I 

SIN G LES 

First Round 

Bobby H arris, Kenedy, def. 
Oscar Xartinez, Boling, 6-o, 6-1; 
Bill Hornbarger, Eandolph, def. 
Joey Flores, Aransas Pass, 6-2, 
6-2; Clote Willoughby, United, def. Alan Fudge, Pearsall, 6-1, 
6 7, 7-6; Curt Harlan, Bishop, def. Carlos Cruz, 6-1, 6-o; David 
Petty, Pearsall, def. Peter Her ran, La Feria, 6-2, 6-4; Ricky 
Bays, Kenedy, def. Kevin Flack, 
Dripping Springs, 6-2, 6 1. 

Quarferfinols 

John Sedlacek, Sharyland, def. 
Harris, Kenedy, 7-6, 6-2; Horn­ b a rge r, R an d o lp h, def. Wit loughbv. United, 7-5, 6-4; Petty, 
Pearsall, def. Harlan, Bishop, 
6 1, 6-3; Bays, Kenedy, def. Mark 
Hatchett, Van Vleck, 6-o, 6-1. 

Semifinals 

Se d lace k. Sh a ry la n d , def. 
Hornbarger, Randolph, 6 1, 6-1; 
Petty, Pearsall, def. Bays, Ken­ edy, 7-5, 6-o. 

UO U BLES 
First Round 

R ic k y H oyle Bo b b y A lle n , 
Premont, del. Mike Avery Erie 
Taylor, Pearsall, 6-o, 6-4; Jamie 
Anderson Brent Willis, Cole, def. 
Anthony F re ita s-G re g W ont- gom erv, 5-7, 7 6, 6-1; D aniel 
Jo h n so n -M a lco lm 
X o e rb e , 
Bishop, def. C ra ig Henson-D. 
Flores, Palacios, 6-o, 6-o; Dennis 
ChadanaEddie Chadana. Taft, del. Dale Connollv-Dan Archer, 
5-7, 6 o, 6 2; Jeff Jacobs-Tony 
Peters, La Feria, def. D avid 
Jones-Keith Archer, Boling, 6-1, 
6-2; John Benavides-David Can­ tu, H ebbronville, def. D a v id 
Bru nso n -Ste ve Speight, R a n ­ dolph, 6-4, 6-1. 

Quarterfinale 
Ivan Solls-David Flemriet. La 
Feria, def. HovleAllen, Premont, 
6-o, 6-1; Johnson-Xoerbe, Bishop, def. Anderson-Willis, Cole, 6 7, 
6-2, 6-1; Chadana-Chadana, Taft, def. Jacobs-Peters, La Feria, 6-3, 
6-1; Carlton Riggs-Cullv Vickers, 
Pearsall, def. Benavides Cantu, 
Hebbronville, 6 2, 7-5. 

Semifinals 
Solis-Fleurit, La Feria, def. 
Johnson Moerbe, Bishop, 6 o, 4 6, 
6-o; Riggs-Vickers,'Pearsall, def. 
Chadanas, 6-3, 5 7, 6-4. 
Nastase prevails 

BUCHAREST, Roman­ ia (AP) — Hie Nastase whipped Bernard Boileau in straight sets Friday as 
Romania took a 2-o lead over Belgium in the first day of their Davis Cup tennis qualification match. 
Nastase won easily on scores of 6-1, 6-4, 6-1. 
In the other singles match, Dumitru Haradau beat Jean-Pierre Richer 
6-1, 6-3, 6-3. 

Cycle victory 

B EN ID O R M ,. Spain 
(A P) — A Dutchman, 
Fedor den Hertog, won 
(he third leg of the 32nd 
Tour of Spain cycling race on Friday, eight se­ conds ahead of overall leader Freddy Maertens of Belgium. 

Texas nips 
White Sox 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

CHICAGO — Right-hander Doyle Alexander scattered five hits I and Sandy Alomar hit his first home run of the season before Bert 
Campaneris scored the winning run on a wild pitch by Steve Storied 
Friday night to give the Texas Rangers a 2-1 victory over the 
Chicago White Sox. 
Trailing 1-o going into the sixth in­ ning, the Rangers tied it when Alomar, filling in for injured rookie Bump Wills at second base, led off with a homer to- tie the game. Campaneris then (Iou-* bled, moved to third on a pair of walks and scored when Stone unloaded 'his wild pitch. 
Alexander boosted his record to 34 and didn’t allow a hit after Jorge Orta homered with two outs in the fifth, retiring the last 13 batters in succes­ sion. 
Stone suffered his third loss against one victory. 

T EXA S 

D O N ALFANO of Am arillo hustles back to first as Dodger 
M ark Hance aw aits throw p h o t o by r o n j o n e s 
Dodgers 

Continued from Page IE 

 just fair down the left field line, scoring Murell w ith the go-ahead run. 
The Dodgers sent the game into extra innings as 
Marv Webb led off the bottom of the eighth with a line-drive home run to left. 
San .Antonio loaded the bases later in the inning on singles by Mark Hance, Jeff Leonard and Ted Farr with one out hut failed to score. 
It was only the second victory in five games in the series for the Gold Sox. The first win was 12-1o in 12 innings. 
Amarillo relief pitchers Mark Lee, Bill Joseph and 
Marty French blanked San Antonio on five hits over the last six innings. 
French, who picked up his first decision of the season, entered the game with the bases loaded and one out in the lith and put down the final eight 
Dodgers in order to pick up the victory. 
The Dodgers tied the game at 1-1 in the second on an RBI double by Mike Rushde, which scored Leon­ ard after the first of his four singles. 
San Antonio took the lead in the third with two runs, the first scoring on a fielder’s choice grounder by Hance. Leonard singled home Ron Washington w ith the inning’s second run. 
Amarillo scored first when Billy Hallstrom hit the first pitch of the game for a double. He took third on a passed ball and scored on Mitchell’s grounder. 
DODGER DOPE: Dodger first baseman Don 
Cardoza suffered an injury to his left eye during batting practice Friday. He was taken to the hospital for emergency treatment. The injury was diagnosed as a bruised inner eye. Dodger officials said Cardoza would not travel with the team to El Paso until he had been checked by an eye surgeon. If no further damage is found, he will join the team in El Paso. 
Cardoza, the team’s leading hitter, suffered the freak injury when he swung at a ball during batting practice. The ball hit the edge of the plate and bounced up, striking his eye. 
The Dodgers open a 1o-game road trip Saturday night in El Paso. 
P eed advances 

MUNICH (AP) — Victor Peed of Paraguay beat 
Yugoslavia’s Nikki Pilie to reach the semifinals of the $75,ooo Bavarian Grand Prix tennis tournament 
Friday. 
Jose Iligueras of Spain, Dick Crealey of Australia and Zeljko Franulovic of Yugslovia also reached the final four. 
Peed won his match 6-3, 7-5, which enables him to face Crealey, who crushed Colombia’s Ivan Molina 
6-3, 6-1, in Saturday’s semifinal. 
Bad S.A. day 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

KINGSVILLE — San Antonio schools drew a blank in state qualifying at the Class AA Region IV Track 
Meet Friday night at Texas A&I. 
Only new record established was set by Mike 
Whitwell of Cotulla, who leaped 6-6 over the high- jump bar. 

TEAM SCORING: 
Yoakum 56, Floresville 5o, Boling 39, Toll 36, 
La Feria 35, Refugio 32, Cotulla and Freer 22, Port Isabel 19, Devine 
17, Van Vleck 16, Hays and Karnes City 14, Boerne 13, Poteet 12, 
Goliad and San Diego ll, Palacios IO , Bishop, Needville, Pearsall and Laredo United 8; Los Fresnos 7, Bloomington, and Lyford 5, 
Cole and Premont 4, Kenedy and Mathis 3, Medina Valley, Randolph and Eoma 2, 

DISCUS: 
I. Jim Acker, Freer, 69 2 U ; 2. Steve Kowalski, Laredo 
United, 164.-2'-4; 3. Craig Tekyl, Needville, 153-4' 4; 4. Tommy Cox, 
La Feria, 1461o-4; 5. Clint Mumford, Bloomington, 144-o' 2; 6. Mike 
Ciavarra, Devine, 14o-8' 2. 

LONG JU M P : 
I. Leslie Wvche, Van Vleck, 22 $'*; 2. Joe 
Thompson, Cotulla, 22-3; 3. Kenneth Mathews, Floresville, 21 -1o14; 4. 
Billy Hall, Premont, 21-9; 5. Ronnie Perkins, Taft, 21-8jj; 6. Greg 
Harbour, Port Isabel, 21 - 7J4. 

SHOT PU T : 
I. Acker, Freer, 57-2; 2, Jerry Morrison, Bishop, 
54-8-!4; 3. Ciavarra, Devine, 53-3* v; 4. David Rodriguez, La Feria, 
5I-31 2 ; 5. Tckyl, Needville, 51-2'.•; 6. A. G. Rios, La Feria, 5o-1. 

PO LE VA U LT: 
I. Luther Lee, Palacios, 13-6; 2. Ronnie Stubbs, 
Yoakum, 12-9; 3. Tom Jordan, Poteet, 12-6; 4. (tie) David De Leon, 
Mathis, and Willie Pleasant, Kenedy, both 12-o; 6. Rout Lichten- berger, San Diego, 12-o (more misses). 

HIGH JU M P : 
I. Mike Whitwell, Cotulla. 6 6 (record, old record 
6-5' i bv Riley Odoms, West Oso, 1966); 2. Brent Wiley, Boerne. 6-2; 
3. Eussell Labus, Karnes City, 6-2; 4, Choc Ables, Hays, 6-2; 5. 
David Wentz, Los Fresnos, 6 o. 6. Robert Ashton, Los Fresnos, 6-o. 

44o E E L A Y : 
I. Yoakum (Roger Holmes, Ronald Heights, David 
Chapman, David Sorrell), 43.6: 2. Boling (M ichael Dickerson, 
Roland Waddy, Jack Greenwood, George West), 43.7, 3. Refugio, 
44,o; 4. Pearsall; 5. Van Vleck; 6. Cotulla. 

88o DASH: 
I. Todd Harbour, Port Isabel, 1:57.9; 2. G reg 
Harbour, Port Isabel, 1:59.o; 3. Brian Bartos, Taft, 159-3; 4. Bobby 
Brown, Refugio; 5. Jose Salazar, Roma, 6. Ben Adams, Boerne. 

12o HIGH H U R D L E S : 
I. Steve Brown, Hays. 14 6; 2. Roy 
Sanders, Taft, 14.7; 3. Philip King, Goliad, 14.7; 4. Donnie Jones, 
Goliad; 5. Steve Watkins, Bloomington; 6. Rickv Harris, Boling. 

IOO YARD DASH: I. Sorrell, Yoakum, 9.9; 2. George West Boling, 
9.9, 3. Xike Gonzales, Refugio. 1o.o; 4. Roger Holmes, Yoakum ; 5. , 
Whitwell, Cotulla; 6. Perkins, Taft. 

44o YARD DASH: 
I. Tommy Cox, La Feria, 49.o; 2. Brian Orth, 
Floresville, 5o.5; 3. Kenneth Matthews, Floresville, 5o.9; 4. Preiedis 
Cruz, Lyford; 5 Forrest William, Medina Valley; 6. Kevin Uavis, Taft, 

33o YA RD IN T E E D IA T E H U R D L E S : 
I. Sanders, Taft, 4o.2; 2. 
Perkins, Taft, 4o.2; 3. Jordan, Poteet, 4o.4, Paul Cunningham, Los 
Fresnos; 5. Eicky Luna, Freer; 6. Bruce Littles, Goliad. 

22o YARD DASH: I. Brian Orth, Floresville, 22.6; 2. M ark Wright, 
Refugio, 22.7; 3. Sorrell, Yoakum, 22 8; 4. Roy Fellows, Boerne; 5. 
Albert Mascola, Randolph 6. Noe Garcia. Lyford. 

M ILE RUN: I. Billy Hoover, Bevine. 4:27.2; 2. Oscar Garza, Karnes 
Cliv, 4:27.3; 3. Leo Garcia, Son Diego, 4: 29.7; 4. Pot Jaime. San Diego; 
5. Ricky Zamora, La Feria; 6. David Gonzales, Bloomington 
M IL E LAY: 
I. Floresville (Jeff Kinnev. Arthur Robles, Matthews, 
Orth), 3:24.9; 2. (fie) La Feria and Boling, both 3:25.6 La Feria won runoff after SO minute rest period) 4. Yoakum, 3:26.8; 5. Cole, 3:3o.2; 
6. Refugio, 3:3o.6. 

Yanks roll 

NEW YORK (AP) - Relief pitcher 
Ron Guidry, a last-minute replace­ ment for missing Mike Torrez, fired eight shutout innings and Thurman 
Munson slammed a two-run homer as the New York Yankees beat Seattle 3-o 
Friday night in their first-ever meet­ ing with the expansion Mariners. 
It was the second major league start for the 26-year-old left-hander, whose strikeout pitching bailed him out of a one-out, bases-Joaded jam in the first inning. 
The Mariners never got another runner beyond first until the ninth in ing when one-out singles by Juan 
Bernhardt and Bill Stein chased 
Guidry. Sparky Lyle replaced Guidry with runners at first and third and retired Dan Meyer on a popup and 
Ruppert Jones on a grounder to end the game. 
Guidry, 2-o, struck out eight and held the Mariners to seven hits in 8 1-3 innings. His first five outs were re­ corded via strikeouts. 
S EA T T LE 
............... N EW YO RK 
............ ob r ti bi . . 
........... ab r h bi 
Mibrnp ss 
4 o o o Rndlph 
2b 
2 2 o o 
CRvlds ss 3 o 1o 
Munson c 
4 12 2 
Stanton ph 
1 o o o ReJksn rf 
2 o o o jutze c 
o o o o Chmbls lb 
4 o 11 
Braun lf 
3 o o o CMay dh 
4 o o o 
Bnhrdt db 
3 o 2 o Nettles 
3b 
3 o o o 
Stein 
3b 
4 o 1o R White 
It 
4 o 2 o 
Meyer lb 
4 o 1o 
Blair cf 
3 o o o 
RuJnes cf 
4 o 1o 
Dent ss 
3 o 
o 
Lopez rf 
3 o o o 
Cox c 
2 o o o 
Baez 
2b t o t o 
Total 
....... 
32.o.7.o Total 
. 
29.3 6.3 

Seattle 
............................. 
ooo ooo.oo o— .o 
New 
York 
................... 
I o o.oo o.2o x— .3 
E —Lopez. D P—Seattle 
I, 
New 
York 
I. 
LO B—Seattle 7, 
New 
York 
7. 2B—RWhite, 
Dent. 
HR—Munson 
(2). 
S B —ReJackson. 
IP .. H . R. E R B B SO 

SThomas 
<L,l-2) 
8 
6 
3 
3 
4 
1 
Guidry 
<W,2-o) 
8 1-3 7 o 
o 
2 
8 
Lyle 
2-3 o o o 
o 
o 
Save—Lyle 
(5). 
P B —Cox. H B P — Bv 
Thomas 
(ReJackson). T—2:1o. 
A— 15,284. 

Red So x , 7 4 

BOSTON (AP) — Three home runs, including a three-run shot by Carlton 
Fisk, powered the Boston Red Sox to a 
7-4 victory over Oakland Friday night. 
The two teams belted a total of six home runs, but the Red Sox had more men on base as they beat Dock Ellis, 
1-2, making his first appearance since being acquired from the New York 
Yankees Wednesday. 
OAKLAND 
.............. BOSTON 
.................. ab r h bi . . ab r h bi 
North cf 
4 o o o Burlson ss 
5 o 1o 
Page rf 
4 13 
1 Doyle 
2b 
4 1 1 o 
Sngllen c 
4 1 1 o Rice dh 
4 o o o 
Newmn c 
o o o o Ystmki lf 
3 2 2 2 
Allen lb 
4 o o o GScott lb 
4 3 3 1 
Giusti p 
o o o o Fisk c 
4 12 3 
Gross 
3b 
4 2 2 3 Evans rf 
2 o o o 
W lam s dh 
4 o o o Hobson 
3b 
4 o 2 1 
McKny lf 
4 o o o RM IIr cf 
2 o o o 
Perez 
2b 
3 o 1o 
Pccolo ss 
2 o o o 
RS colt 
SS 
1o o o 
Total 
....... 
34.4.7.4 Total 
.... 
32.7.11.7 

Oakland 
......................... 
OOO.3o1.OOO— .4 
Boston 
.............................o 3 o.1 3 O O o x— .7 
E —Mcwkinney. 
D P—Oakland 
2. 
L O B — 

Oakland 
3, 
Boston 
6. 
2B—GScoft, 
Perez, 
Page. 
HR—Fisk 
(2), 
Yastrzeoski 
(2), 

GScott 
(3), 
Page 
(5), 
Gross 
2 
(5). 
S B — 
Page, 
RMiller. 
S—Evans. 
IP 
.. H . R . E R B B SO 
DEIIis 
(L.I-2) 
5 
8 
7 
7 
1 
4 
Coleman 
2 
1 
o 
o 
2 
1 
Giusti 
I 
2 
o 
o 
1 
o 
Jenkins 
(W,3-1) 
6 
6 
4 
4 
o 
5 
Campbell 
3 
1 
o 
o 
o 
3 
Save—Campbell 
(2) 
W P —Giusti. 
P B — 

Sanguines 
T—2:o9. 
A —17,411. 

R o yals, 6-1 

KANSAS CITY (A P) - Darrell 
Porter singled twice to drive in three runs and Jim Colborn notched his fourth victory as Kansas City spoiled 
Toronto’s debut in Royals Stadium with a 6-1 victory over the expansion 
Blue Jays Friday night. 
Bob Bailor's lead-off double, a fly ball and a wild pitch gave the Blue 
Jays a 1-o lead in the first inning and 
Bill Singer, o-4, made it stand it up until the fourth. 
TORONTO 
KANSAS CITY 
.. 
. ab r h bi 
.......... ab r h bi 
Bailor 
Cf 
5 13 o G B reft 
3b 
4 12 1 
Mason 
SS 
3 o o o McRae dh 
3 2 o o 
AWoods lf 
4 o o o Pqutte 
It 
4 12 1 
Velez rf 
3 o o o Mybrry lb 
3 1 1 o 
Fairly dh 
2 o o o Otis 
Cf 
4 o o o 
Ault lb 
4 o 1o 
Porter c 
3 o 2 3 
Ashby c 
3 o 2 o Cowens rf 
4 o o o 
McKay 
3b 
3 o o o Patek ss 
3 1 1 o 
PGrcia 
2b 
4 o 1o 
FWhite 
2b 
2 o o o 
Total 
31.1.7.o 
Total 
3o.6.8.5 

Toronto 
.... 
I o o.o o o.o o o— .I 
Kansas 
City 
... 
o o o.3 o 1.2 o X— .6 
E —PGarcia. 
D P—Kansas 
City 
2. 
LO B — 
Toronto 
9, 
Kansas 
City 
4. 
2B—Bailor 
2, 
Poauette, 
Ashby. 
SB--Ault, 
Patek. 
5-Ma- son, 
FWhite. 
IP 
. H R . ER BB SO 
Singer 
(L.O-4) 
6 2-3 8 
6 
5 
2 
I 
Vuckovich 
1 1-3 o 
o 
o 
I 
o 
Colborn 
(W.4-1) 
9 
7 
1 
1 
5 
3 
WP —Colborn, 
Singer. 
T—2:27. ga8 
15,523. 

An^el s, 3-2 

BALTIMORE (AP) - Don Baylor's lead-off home run in the lith powered the California Angels to a 3-2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles Friday night as unbeaten Frank Tanana cap­ tured his fourth victory in a row. 
A one-out homer in the ninth by Joe 
Rudi, giving him a record-tying 27 runs batted in for April, had saved 
Tanana from losing a classic pitching duel with Jim Palmer. Reliever Dyar 
Miller, who came on in the lith, took the loss. 
CALIFO RNIA ab r h bi 
BA LT IM O R E ab r h bi 
Remy * 
2b 
4 o o o Bmbry lf 
5 o I o 
Grich ss 
3 o o o BSmith 
2b 
5 o o o 
Oonds rf 
4 o 2 I 
Singltn rf 
5 I 
I 
I 
Baylor dh 
5 I I 
I 
LMav 
1b 4 
5 o 2 o 
Rudi lf 
5 I 
I 
I 
Murray dh 
4 I 
I o 
Soloita lb 
2 o o o Decncs 
3b 
4 o I o 
Ramrez pr 
o o o o Dmpsv c 
3 o o o 
Briggs 
I b4 
I o o o Harlow cf 
2 o o o 
Bochte cf 
5 o I o Dauer 
Ph 
I o o o 
Chalk 
3b 
4 I o o PaKllv lf 
I o o o 
Hmphy c 
4 o o o Robnsn 
Ph 
I o o o 

Total 
37. 3 5 3 
Belngr 
Total ss 
4 
4o. 
o 
2 
I 
7 
I 
.2 

California 
.............. 
o o 1 . o o o o o 1 o 1 — .3 
Baltimore 
............. o1o OOO 1 o o.o o— 2 
E —Harlow, Dempsey, 
Remy. 
LO B—Cal­ ifornia 
8, 
Baltimore 
9. 
2B—LMav, 
De- 
Onces. 
HR—Singleton 
(2), 
Rudi 
(5), 
B ay­ lor 
(6). 
SB—Bum brv, 
Chalk, 
Remy, 
Bonds. 
S—Dempsey. 
S F —Bonds. 
IP .. H R . ER BB SO 

Tanana 
(W.4-o) ll 
7 
2 
2 
3 
6 
Halmer 
IO 
3 
2 
2 
6 
5 
DMiller 
(L, r-1 > 
I 
2 
1 
1 
o 
1 
W P—Tanana 
2. 
T-3:15. 
A -8 ,lls. 

.................CHICAGO 
.................. ab r h bi . . ob r b bi 
Alomar 
2b 
S i l l G arr if 
4 o o o 

Cmpnrs ss 
4 13 o Banistr ss 
4 o 1o 

Wshgtn lf 
4 o o o Orta 
2b 
4 12 1 
Hndrsn rf 
4 o 1o Zisk rf 
4 o o o 
Hrgrve lb 
3 o o o Spacer lb 
4 o 1o 
Harrah 
3b 
3 o 1o Efllmn dh 
4 o 1o 
JEIIis dh 
4 o o o Sdrhlm 
3b 
4 o o o 
Fahey c 
4 o 1o Lemon cf 
2 o o o 
Beniauz cf 
4 o 1o Essian c 
2 o o o 
Total 
....... 
35.2.8.1 Total 
....... 
32 1 5 . 

Texas 
Chicago 

E —Bannister. 

2B—Bannister, 
HR—Orta 
(I), 
Washington. 

................... 
oo o o o 2 OOO- 2 
.......... OO o.o I o.o o o—. I 

LO B—Texas 
8, 
Chicago 
6. 
Stillman, 
Campaneris. 
Alomar 
(I). 
S B —Beniquez, 

(W,3-l) 
IP . ,.H . R. E R B B SO 
9 
5 
1 
1 
2 
2 
9 
8 
2 
2 
2 
3 

DAIexnder 
Stone 
(L.l-3) 
W P—Stone. 
T—2:23. 
A-13,875. 

Brew ers, 6-5 

MILWAUKEE (AP) - Cecil Cooper hit his third home run of the year in the seventh inning to lift the Milwaukee 
Brewers to a 6-5 victory over the 
Cleveland Indians Friday night. 
, 
The Brewers jumped out to a 2-o lead in the first inning on singles by Von 
Joshua, Robin Yount and Cooper and an infield out by Sal Bando. 
After Larvell Blanks’ sacrifice fly in the fourth scored Cleveland’s first run, the Brewers broke loose for three runs in the bottom of the inning off Indian starter and loser Pat Dobson, o-3. Sixte 
Lezcano ripped a double to right- center and scored on Jim Wohlford’s single. Wohlford stole second and came home on Charlie Moore’s single. 
Joshua chased Dobson with a double to right, scoring Moore. 
C LEV ELA N D 
... 
M IL W A U K E E ab r h bi . . 
.......... ab r h bi 
B B G E L L J sB s« 
’ • ? Joshua cf 
4 12 1 
Duffy ss 
4 o o o McMlln oh 
1o o o 
Carty db 
4 12 o Haney c 
o o o o 
Blanks 
2b 
3 1 1 1 Younf ss 
4 1 1 1 
Thnfn lb 
3 1 1 o Cooper lb 
4 1 2 1 
Grubb lf 
2 1 1 2 Money 
2b 
3 o 1o 
Melton ph 
1o o 1 Bando 
3b 
4 o o 1 
Pruitt lf 
o o o 
o Lzcano rf 
3 12 o 
Kendall c 
3 o 1o Quirk dh 
4 o o o 
Dade rf 
4 o 2 
1 Whlfrd lf 
4 1 1 1 
Maning cf 
4 o o o Moore c 
3 1 1 1 
Hegan ph 
o o o o 
Tijnsn pr 
o o o o 
Brye 
Cf 
o o o o 

Total 
....... 
33.5.9.5 Total 
.... 
34.6.1o.6 

Cleveland 
...................... 
o oo.1 o 3.o I o -.5 
Milwaukee 
..................... 
2 o o.3 o o.1 o x— .6 
E —Pruitt. 
LO B—Cleveland 
5, 
M il­ waukee 
7. 
2B—Lezcano, 
Joshua, 
Grubb. 
Thornton. 
HR—Cooper 
(3). 
S B —Joshua, 
Wohlford, 
Cooper. 
S—Money. 
S F —Blanks. 
IP 
H 
R E R B B SO 

Dobson 
(L,o-3) 
3 2-3 
7 5 5 
I 
I 
Buskev 
3 
3 
1 
1 
o 
o 
Kern 
4 
I 
I o o 
I 
o 
LcRoche 
1-3 o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Travers 
(W.3-2) 
6 
6 4 4 
1 
1 
Corf 
11-3 
2 
1 I 
o 
2 
McClure 
1 2-3 
1 o o 
o 
I 
Save—McClure 
(2). 
W P —Travers, 
Kern. 

H B P —Bv 
Travers 
(Grubb), bby 
Travers 

(Thornton). 
T—2:53. 
A—1o,51. 

T ige rs, 6-5 

BLOOMINGTON (AP) - Rookie se­ cond baseman Rob Wilfong booted a routine ground ball with two out in the 
1oth inning, allowing Ron LeFlore to score the winning run as the Detroit 
Tigers nipped the Minnesota Twins 6-5 
Friday night. 
LeFlore had beaten out an infield hit and stole second before Wilfong’s error on a ground ball hit by Rusty Staub. 
Reliever Steve Foucault, 1-1, pitched 
4 1-3 innings to pick up his first victory as a Tiger. John Hiller pitched the loth inning for the Tigers to collect his third save of the season. 
D ETROIT 
..................M IN NESOTA ab r h bi . . .......... ab r h bi 
LeFlre cf 
5 13 1 
Chiles dh 
5 1 1 o 
Funfes 
2b 
5 o 2 1 
Carew lb 
5 2 
2 o 
Staub dh 
6 o 2 
o Cbbage 
3b 
3 1 1 1 
Oglivie rn 
5 12 o Kusick ph 
1o 
o o 
Tmpsn lb 
3 o 1o Bstock cf 
4 o SO 
Kemp lf 
4 1 1 1 
Nrwood cf 
1o 
o o 
MMay c 
5 o 1o Wyngar c 
4 o 
2 2 
Mkwski 
3b 3 12 o 
Histe lf 
3 o o o 
MStnty ph l l l l 
Smlleh ss 
3 o o o 
Alvrdo 
3b 
1 o o o Ford rf 
4 o 
o o 
Veryzr ss 
5 12 1 Wilfong 
2b 
4 13 o 
Total 
-- 
43.6.17.5 
Total 
__ 
37.5.1o.3 

Detroit 
....................... 
o o o 3 1 o o 1 o 1— 6 
Minnesota 
2 o OOO 3 o.o o o.o— .5 
E —Smalley, 
Veryzer, 
Ruble, 
Wilfong. 

D P—Detroit 
3, Minnesota 
2. 
LOBetroit 
13, 
Minnesota 
5. 2B—Wynegar, 
Veryzer. 
3B—MMay. 
HR—MSfanley 
(3). 
S B —Og­ livie, 
Wilfong, 
LeFlore. 
S—Cabbage. 
S F — 

Fuenfes. 
IP 
H 
R . E R B B SO 

Ruble 
4 2-3 8 5 
5 
o 
I 
Foucault 
(W,l-1) 
4 1-3 
2 o o 
I 
4 
Hiller 
I 
o o 
o 
o 
2 
Redfern 
4 1-3 9 4 
4 
4 
I 
Burgmeier 
2 2-3 3 o 
o 
o 
o 
Tojhnson 
(L.3-1) 
3 
5 
2 I 
,1 
2 
Save—Hiller (3). 
W P —Ruble. 
H B P —Bv 
Ruble 
(Hisle). T—3:oo. 
A—1o,24o. 

TX 
BOX 
Go8 vyrczczczczcryr 

National at 
Pittsburgh 
... 

C ard s, 5-2 

ST. LOUIS (AP) — Hits by Hector 
C’ruz and Ted Simmons highlighted a four-run St. Louis first inning, sending the Cardinals to a 5-2 victory over the error-plagued Atlanta Braves Friday night. 
The victim of the early Cardinal uprising was Atlanta knuckleball 
Phil Niekro, o-4, who was touched for three hits and plagued by two errors in the rally. 
ATLANTA 
..............S T ..LOUIS 
................. b ...................... ab r h b i ...................... ab r h bi 
Office cf 
4 o 11 
Brock lf 
4 2 2 o 
Rysler 
3b 
3 o 1o 
Mumrv lf 
o 
o o o 
Mntnez lb 
4 o 2 o Tmplfn ss 
3 1 1 1 
Brrghs rf 
4 o o o McBde cf 
4 o 
o 
Pcorek lf 
4 I I o 
Scott cf 
o o o o 
Pcroba c 
4 o 2 1 
HCruz rf 
4 142 I 
Gilbrth 
2b 
4 o o o 
Smmns c 
3 12 1 
R f kelt ss 
2 o o o KHrndz lb 
3 o 1o 

J Moore 
3b 
2 12 o 
Reitz 
3b 
3 o o 1 
PNekro p 
2 o o o 
Tyson 
2b 
3 o o o 
Aslstne ph 
I o I o 
RFrsch p 
3 o o o 
Esferly p 
o o o o 
Hrbsky p 
o o o o 
Gaston ph 
1o o o 
Total 
.... 35.2 1o.2 Total 
.... 
3o.5.9 4 

Atlanta 
............................ 
o1o. ooo. 1o o— 2 
St. 
Louis 
...................... 
4 I o.o o o.o o X— . 5 
E —Paciorek, 
Rockcft. 
D P —St. 
Louis 
I. 
LO B—Atlanta 
8, 
St. 
Louis 
5. 
2B—Sim mons, 
Paciorek, 
Brock. 
SB—Brock, 
KHer- 

 nandez. 
SF—Reitz. 
IP 
. HQ R 
E R B B SO 

PNiekro 
(L.o-4) 
6 8 
5 
4 
3 
3 
Easterly 
2 1 
o 
o 
o 
1 
RForsch 
(W.4-1) 
6 2-3 9 
2 
2 
2 
5 
Hrabosky 
2 1-3 1 
o 
o 
o 
I 
Save—Hrabosky 
(2). 
W P —RForsch 
P B —Pocoroba. 
T—l . i i 
A —17,438. i 

San Antonio EXPRES5-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 977 
H 

U.S. Cup team falls 

GENE LITTLER watches, reacts to 6o-foot eagle putt Friday 

AP WIREPHOTO 

BUENOS AIRES (AP) 
— Ricardo Cano upset 
Dick Stockton and Guil­ lermo Vilas crushed 
Brian Gottfried in the opening singles matches 
Friday to give Argentina a 2-o lead over the United 
States in the American 
Zone final of the Davis 
Cup tennis tournament. 
Cano beat Stockton 3-6, 
6-4, 8-6, 6-4 while Vilas downed Gottfried 6-4, 6-o, 
6 -2 . 
This is only the third time that the United 
States and Argentina have met in Davis Cup play and the first time that Argentina has man­ aged to beat the United 
States. The United States beat Argentine 5-o in both 
1931 and 1958. 
The opening games of the best-of-five series were held under sunny skies and temperatues in the mid-8os on the slow red clay courts. 
The 7,ooo fans cheered the Argentines on with chants, beating of drums and blowing of horns. 
There was so much noise that court officials re­ peatedly pleaded with the fans for quiet. 
In the first match, the 
26-year-old Cano battled back from a first-set de­ feat to give Argentina an early lead. 
Stockton played a baseline game, rushing the net only at the right moment. 
But Stockton lost some of his fluency in the se­ cond set and made se­ veral errors as Cano won. 
The 26-year-old from 
Fort Lauderdale, Fla., 
Littler shares lead 

Continued from Page IE 

 rounds over the 6.997-yard Woodlands Country Club course. 
The husky Burns, who compiled a spectacular amateur record before joining the pro tour three years ago, played his second round in four-under-par 
68 and hasn’t made a bogey in the tournament. 
“ I ’m going to be very low key from here on in.” said Burns, who blew a chance to win his first pro title in this tournament a year ago. ‘‘I don't want to get too excited.” 
George Knudson, a 39-year-old veteran from Can­ ada, was third at 137 after a 68 that included a double bogey seven. 
Chi Chi Rodriguez, who said “ I’ve got my game back—all of a sudden I think I can play good golf again,” Doug Tcwell and Leonard Thompson were next at 138. Rodriguez had a 66, which included an eagle two on the ninth hole. He called it “ my best round since I won the Tam O’Shanter in 1964.” 
Thompson, who said he had benefitted from a series of lessons from Arnold Palmer at Palmer’s Bay Hill 
Club in Florida, hot a 68 and Tewell had a 67. 
Canny Wadkins, who scored nine birdies on his 

 way to a 68, and Dave Eichelberger, with a 67, were at 139. 
Mark Hayes, who shared the first-round lead with 
Burns, blew to a 76 in the warm, windy weather and was well back at 143. 
Jack Nicklaus, only two strokes off after the first 
18 holes, took a fat 75 and was even par at 144. Arnold 
Palmer, with a 74, and Lee Trevino, with a 77, were at 146. Defending champion Lee Elder, who took advantage of Burns collapse over the last nine holes a year ago, shot a 7o and was at 143. 
Burns, a powerful, 215-pound former Maryland football player, missed only one green in his solid effort. He chipped to within six feet and made the putt to save par there. 
Two of his birdies came on par fives. He chipped to within tap-in distance on one of them and holed an eight-footer on the other. He also scored from 15 feet on the par three eighth and birdied the 13th from about the same distance. 
Littler, winner of 28 tour titles and a playoff loser at Tucson early this season, had an even better effort. He, too, escaped without a bogey, missed one fairway by about a foot, and missed one green by about the same distance. 

Trinity wins 

Scores 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
FORT WORTH — Trinity, despite losing the number one singles match, blasted TCU, 7-2, in a dual tennis match Friday afternoon. 
Randy Crawford, newly crowned 
Southwest Conference singles cham­ pion, topped Tony Giammalva, 6-3, 3-6, 
6-3, in the feature singles fray. Eddie 
Reese, playing in the number five match, lost to TCU’s David Kelly, 7-6, 
6 -2 . 
Ben McKown defeated Tut Bartzen 
Jr ., 6-3, 5-7, 6-3; Erick Iskersky breezed by Rick Meyers, 6-1. 6-3; Larry 

Gottfried, still hampered with some pulled muscles, defeated Tom Mott, 
6-4, 6-3; and Dave Benson topped Jim 
Allin, 6-3, 6-4. 
In doubles, Giammalva and Gott­ fried defeated Meyers and Mott, 6-4, 
6-4; McKown and Iskersky handled 
Crawford and Bartzen, 6-o, 5-7, 6-1; and 
Reese and Benson downed Allin and 
Kelly, 7-6, 6-7, 7-5. 
The victory makes the . second- ranked Tigers 24-3. Trinity winds up its 1977 dual match season Saturday with a 1:3o p.m. match against South­ ern Methodist. 
Stap prevails 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

BATON ROUGE — Trinity’s Sandy 
Jap won an abbreviated number one ingles match to pace the Tiger ladies o a 7-2 tennis dual match victory over louisiana State University Friday af- ernoon at LSU Tennis Stadium. 
Stap defeated Ebie Taylor 6-3 in the irst set and was ahead 2-1 in the econd when Taylor sprained her ankle nd had to retire. 

Snakes play 

The St. M ary’s Rattlers can clinch a tie for the Big State Con­ ference baseball championship Sa­ turday by sweeping a doubleheader from Texas Lutheran in Seguin. 
Gametime is I p.m. 
The Rattlers are 1o-1 in BSC play while Southwestern has a 5-3 re­ cord. Should Southwestern also lose either game of its doubleheader at 
St. Edward’s, the Snakes could sew up the title outright. 
1 Other sports activities: 

SATURD AY 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers at El 
Paso. 8: IS D rn 
College Baseball: St M ary s vs Texas 
Lutheran (2), Seguin, l p m , Trinity vs 
Pan American (2), Edinburg- I p rn 
College Tennis: Trinity men vs SM U , 
D allas, 1:3o p rn ; T rin ity wom en vs 
Tulane, New Orleans, IO a rn 
High School T rack : Class AA A A and 
Class AAA boys' track meets, Buccaneer 
Stadium, Corpus Christi 
High School Tennis: Class AA b oys' regional tournament, Texas A&l courts. 
Kingsville, 9:3o a rn 
High School Baseball: See page 6E tor schedule and results 
College T ra c k : Southwest Texas and 
Texas A&l women at TAIAW Meet, Denton 
Pro G olf: Houston Open, W oodlands 
Country Club. Houston. 
Auto Racing: Drag Racing, Alamo Drag way, 7 p m ; Pan American Speedway. 8 pm 
(mini-stock, hobby stork and super stock) 
Bowling: City men s tourament; team event at Wonder ^owi, u.’.d doubles and singles at Sports Palace 

Iii other singles, LSU’s Kay McDan­ iel defeated Carrie Fleming, 6-4, 6-2; 
Ann Ellis handed TU’s Stacy Bowman her second straight loss, 6-1, 1-6, 7-6; 
Ann 
Schroeder defeated 
Lisa 
Boettcher, 6-1, 6-4; Shelly Hudson downed Karen McCarter, 6-1, 6-4; and 
Kerry Sterling got by Carol Reger, 6-1, 
6- 1. 
* 
In doubles, Stap and Flem ing downed Ellis and McDaniel, 6-2, 6-2; 
Bowman and Schroeder topped Eliza­ beth Palfrey and Reger, 6-1, 6-1; and 
Hudson and 
Sterling defeated 
Boettcher and McCarter, 6-3, 6-3. 
The victory is the 14th without a loss this season for the Trinity women. LSU is now 19-4. 
Trinity will now prepare for the 
TAIAW state championship in Dallas 
May 18-22. The Tiger women were supposed to play Tulane Saturday, but 
Tulane canceled, unexpectedly. ' 
Taiwan golfer captures lead 

NAGOYA, .Japan (AP) — Hsu Sheng 
San of Taiwan fired a one-under-par 69 
Friday for a 36-hole total of 137 and the lead midway through the $2oo,o6o 
Chunichi Crown international invita­ tional golf tournament. 
The 35-year-old Taiwanese pro held a three-stroke lead in the chase for a 
$4o,ooo first prize in the 72-hole event being played at the 6,728-yard, par-7o 
Nagoya Golf Club. 
S.A. kegler falls 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

RENO, Nev. — Joe Vito Buenrostro was eliminated from the ABC Masters double-elimination bowling tourna­ ment Friday. 
The San Antonio kegler lost to Cliff 
McNealy of San Lorenzo, Calif., 
843-8o2, then fell to Dave Diomedi of 
Dot riot, 844-721. 

HOUSTON ( A P ) 
— Second round scores F rid a y in the 
52oo,ooo Houston Open Golf Tour­ nament on the 6.997-yard, par-72 
Woodlands Country Club course: 
Gene Littler 
7o-65—135 
George Burns 
67 68— 135 
George Knudson 
69 68— 137 
Leonard Thompson 
7o 68-138 
Chi Chi Rodriguez 
72-66— 138 
Doug Tcwell 
71 67— 138 
Lanr.y Wadkins 
71 68-139 
Dave Echlberger 
72-67-139 
Torn Storey 
72-69-141 
Andy North 
71-7o— 141 
Allen Miller 
72-69-14! 
Vcente Frnandez 
72 69— 141 
Fred Mart! 
7o-72— 14? 
Tom Kite 
74-68— 142 
Billy Casper 
71 71 — 142 
Frank Conner 
71-71 — 142 
Lon Hinkle 
73-69—142 
Vctor Rgalado 
71-71-142 
Mark Lye 
68 74— 142 
Paul Moran 
71-71 — 142 
Mike Reid 
73-7o— 143 
Mark Haves 
67 76— 143 
Buddy Adin 
74-69— 143 
Rik Mssengale 
73 7o-143 
GII Morgan 
72 71-143 
Jim Simons 
72-71-143 
Mike Hill 
73-7o— 143 l ee Elder 
73-7o— 143 
Bruce Lietzkc 
75-68-143 
Lou Graham 
71 72-143 
Bill Kratzert 
71-72— 143 
Dave Marr 
68-75-143 
Steve Melnvk 
73-7o-143 
Don January 
72 72-144 
Forrest Fczler 
7o-74—144 
Fuzzy Zoeller 
76 68-144 
Morris Hlalsky 
71-73— 144 
Bob Eastwood 
7o-74-144 
Jim Jamieson 
74 7o—144 
Bob Shearer 
72 72— 144 
Craig Stadler 
74 7o—144 
Jack Nicklaus 
69-75— 144 
Jerry McGee 
71-73— 144 
Charles Coodv 
72 72— 144 
Hubert Green 
71-73—144 
Alberto Rvndnra 
75-69—144 
Bobby Wadkins 
7o-75-145 
Gay Brewer 
73 72—145 
Fred Haas 
73 72— 145 
Mark Pfeil 
72 73-145 
Hale Irwin 
75 7o- 145 
Mike Morley 
75-/o—145 
Keith Fergus 
75 7o— 145 
Bobby Cole 
74-71 — 145 
Larry Nelson 
74 71 —145 
Rex Caldwell 
71-74— 145 
Bob E. Smith 
72 73— 145 
Tommy Aaron 
74-71 — 145 
Don Massengale 
74 71 — 145 
Jim Colbert 
72-73-145 
Elroy Marti 
74-71 — 145 
Ben Crenshaw 
76 7o— 146 
Julius Boros 
76- 7o—146 
Wally Armstrong 
75-71 — 146 
Jim Dent 
69-77— 146 
Peter Jacobsen 
76 7o—146 
Andv Bean 
7o-76—146 
Bill Pelham 
73-73— 146 
Jim Wiechcrs 
78-68—146 
Gary Koch 
73 73- 146 
Arnold Palmer 
72-74— 146 
Tony Jacklin 
74 72-146 
Lee Trevino 
69-77— 146 
Jeff Mitchell 
73-73— 146 
Roil Cerrudo 
71 75— 146 
Babe Hiskev 
73-73-146 
Bill Motion 
74 72—146 
Frank Beard 
76 7o— 146 
Sam Farlow 
71 75— 146 
Failed to Qualify 
John Abendroth 
77 7o-147 
Jay Friedman 
72 75-147 
Butch Baird 
72 75-147 
Pete Brown 
77-7o—147 
Jack Ewing 
73 74- 147 
Barry Jaeckel 
75-72— I 17 
Bob Menno 
74-73— 147 
John Lister 
75 72— 147 
Bunky Henry 
71-76— 147 
Grier Jones 
73 74-147 
Jon Cutshall 
75 72-147 
Tony Cerda 
71 76— 147 
Marion Heck 
73-74-147 
Tom Jenkins 
73 74-147 
Larry Ziegler 
73-74— 147 
Steve Veriato 
73-74-147 
Dwight Nevil 
7o-77— 147 
Bill Cadee 
7o 77— 147 
Homero Blancas 
76-72-148 
Gibbv Gilbert 
76 72-148 
Bruce Feistier 
77 71 —148 
Mike Wynn 
71 77— 148 
Bob Gilder 
73-75—148 
T om Shaw 
75-73—148 
Jim White 
73-75— 148 
Stun Lee 
77-71 — 148 
Ja y Haas 
74 74—148 
Jim Boros 
74 75—149 
Tom Evans 
71-75—149 
Dick Mast 
76-73— 149 
Dale Haves 
... 76 73-149 
Miller Barber 
74-75-149 

 became visibly nervous after the Argentinan’s second-set victory and after that made more mistakes. 
The Americans pro­ tested two baseline calls, but the judges upheld the calls. 
After the matches, the 
American team retired to its hotel for a crucial strategy meeting. 
“ I told the boys that tomorrow we have to win or it’s all over,” the non-playing American 

 team captain, tony Tra- bert, said after the meet­ ing in his room of the plush Sheraton Hotel in downtown Buenos Aires. 

“ During the talk I con­ centrated on my doubles pair, telling them that 
I ’m more worried about their game tomorrow than the .singles Sun­ day,” Trabert added. 
“ First we have to win tomorrow and then we have to worry about the other matches.” 

Qconvense 

ALL STARS 

* 1295 
D O W N T O W N 
21 I N. ST. M A R Y’S 
PARK FREI W ITH PURCHASEj 
NORTHSIDE 
PERRIN BEITEL AT LOOP 41o1 

LEISURESPORT 

TOKYO 
HOUSE 
SPECIAL 

Vt PRICE 
MASSAGE 
FREE SAUNA 

ESCORT 
AVAILABLE 

732-3361 
4218 BLANCO 

Fully autom atic Garrard 4 4o M record player is complete with base, dust cover, and Pickering 
Magnetic cartridge Plays up to six records for your convenience 

^ K E N W O O D 
H O M 

Complete System 
Complete System 

■ ti 
A A C ! M m Tho Q ar,Cl,I o 9 1 ic tho fir,.,,-* em ail 
* 
® 
The Sansut 221 is the finest small receiver on the m arket. Full 8 watts per channel plus tape mom tor, auxiliary, and phono inputs plus loudness contour. Two year parts and labor guarantee. 

Ultralinear lOOB three way speak ers are the perfect match for this system since they will perform beautifully on as little as 5 watts. 
Twelve-inch woofer and five year guarantee 

• Kenwood 36oo Receiver that delivers a big 22 watts per channel. Features include remote speaker connections tape monitor, high filter 

Separately *533.85 

SYSTEM PRICED 

Technics 

• • A ^ • e 
► ? » • » » » » 5 ^ 

 by Panasonic 
SA556o 
85 watt per chnl. 
Stereo Receiver 
A big 85 watts per channel top-name receiver for 
$349.77 can only be found at Dyer' The SA 556o delivers its power from 2o-2o,ooo Hz, with no more than o.1% total harmonic distortion Com­ pare this value anywhere! 
DYER 
DEAL 

3-W ay 
Speakers 

Kenwood KO-1o33 belt drive turnta­ ble with walnut base and hinged dust cover. Hydraulically damped cueing. 
Complete with $ 3o Pickering car tridge 

Tw o U ltralinear 2 o o 3 three way 
Speaker system with 12 inch woofer 
Circuit breaker protected, 5-year parts and labor guarantee. Your choice of grilles. 
Separately ‘689.8o 
SYSTEM PRICED 

*479” technics l>y P dtummxdc 
RS-63o 
[[technics by Panasonic 
SA-576o 
<5. . a@ a a 
165 w att 
——^ per chnl. 
Stereo Receiver 
165 watts per channel has never been offered before at this price! Total harmonic distortion of 
.o8% and all the features you'd ever want in a super receiver At Dyer you can even put one ut layaway at this price' 
DYER 
DEAL 
54977 

Technics by Panasonic 
Speakers 

2-way or 
3-way. Big sound and 

Cerwirt-Vega 
R-123 
3-w a y 
Speaker 

One of C-V's new 
Receive* 
Savers ". The R-123 is ported in the rear to give you the fullest possible sound at all volume levels orcs? 
OKAI *219 

C Z r e A IG . 
POWER 
PLAY 
S-68o 

TDK 

Super Avilyn 
Blank 
Cassettes 
‘ For State of the 
Art Performance” 

D O K O R D E R 

Model 81oo 
Reel-to-Reel 
Recorder 

Three motor system, toueh- button operation with full logic control and timer. 

Car Stereo 

A M /F M m-dash 8-track that puts a big 12 watts per channel in the car of your choice. 
DYER 
DEAL 

Garrard 
4 4o -M 
Fully 

Automatic 
Changer 

Complete with base dust cover, cartridge 

OKAI 

Complete System 

• Big Sansui 6o6o Receiver delivering a full 4o watts per channel makes this the system of a lifetime. Mic input tape monitor, and input for Dolby NR or 4-ch. adapter. FM muting plus high and low filters. 

 rn Fully automatic Garrard 775 record player is famous for its trouble-free performance. Complete with base. dust cover, and Pickering magnetic cartridge 

KEIM W O O D 

Complete System 

• Two powerful Ultralinear 
225 
Studio Com parator speakers. 
Three-wav with 12-inch woofer, circuit breaker protected, five year parts and labor guarantee. 
Fill your home without emptying your pockets! 
Separately *959.8o 
SYSTEM PRICED 

• The Kenwood KR-66oo receiver out-performs everything else in its class. With 6o watts per channel from 2o-2oK Hz, with no more than o.3% total harmonic distor- 

• Big 15-inch woofer plus three other speakers makes the Ultrali- near 26o worth their $3oo price tag 
Com pletely circuit breaker protected and five year uncondi­ tional warranty 

• Garrard 99oB belt-drive turntable is as versatile as it is beautiful. 
Use as single or multi play Com­ plete with base, dust cover, and 
Shure M91ED cartridge 

Separately *13oo.65 
SYSTEM PRICED 

 dyer electronics warehouse 

OPEN SATURDAYS 
6734 San Pedro 
49o7 Walzem Rd. 
828-2231 
654-7222 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
4311 Fredericksburg Rd. 
735-9276 

MMM 

# 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 977 
Stepping Stone a biggie 

L O U IS V IL L E , 
Ky. 
(A P ) — Coined Silver preps for what would be owner C.V. Whitney’s 
13th Kentucky Derby when the colt opposes five other 3-year-olds Sa­ turday in the one-mile 
Stepping Stone Purse on opening day at Churchill 
Downs. 
Whitney has had 15 
Derby starters and the closest he has come to 

 winning was in 1947 when 
Phalanx finished second, beaten a head by Jet Pi­ lot. Gleaming Sword, last in a 14-horse field in 1968, was the last 
Derby starter for Whitney, who also owned the last filly to run in the famed race—Silver Spoon, who finished fifth in 1959. 
Coined Silver won a di­ vision of the Elorida 
Derby by I Vfc lengths over 

H. A. HUGHES, JR. 

FOR MEETING THE 
REQ U IREM EN TS OF THE 
NATIONAL 
QUALITY AWARD 

The N O A is presented in recognition of exceptional clientel service. 
American-Amicable takes pride in announcing this prestigious personal achievement. 
/Im eric an Amicable 
I lf I INSUHANCl COMPANY 

 t m enhir QHiets • A m m an Amictblt Building • Wien Tints 
San Antonio Branth Office: 18o4 NJ. loop 41o Phone 828-6336 
X I 

Nearly On Time March 7, finished sixth in the Fla­ mingo won by Seattle 
Slew March 26 and was third in the 11-16 mile 
Calumet Purse April 19 at Keeneland. 
Others entered for the 
Stepping Stone, which this year will be run at one mile instead of seven furlongs, are Nostalgia, 
Papelote, Best Person, 
Imbiber and Senator 
Baffler. All but Senator 
Baffler are nominated for the May 7 Derby. 
Nostalgia, winner of the Hawthorne Juvenile and second in the Rem­ sen last year, finished seventh in the Calumet 
Purse. But trainer Del 
Carroll feels the colt didn’t like the Keeneland racing surface. 
Papelote finished fourth in the April 23 
Wood Memorial won by 
Seattle Slew, while Best 
Person, a big colt who did not race as a 
2-year-old, has two wins, three seconds and two thirds in seven starts this year. 
Three-year-old fillies also will be featured on opening day at the 
Downs. 

NEW HOURS 
MON.-SAT. 1o-7 
FRI. 1o-9 

KRACO’S TOP OF THE 
LINE 

S U G G . RET. $219.95 FEATURE PACKED 23 CHANNEL 

* J J | $ H » * 

“with purchase of Antenna 

 or Slide Mount otherwise $ 5 4 .9 9 

• DEITA-TUNE • RF GAIN 
• ANL SWITCH • NOISE BLANKER 
• PA SWITCH • SOLID STATE 
• LARGE ILLUMINATED VU-METER 
• AUTOMATIC MODULATION CONTROL 
• WALNUT GRAIN CABINET 

CB T R U N K 
A N T E N N A 
* l 
2 
» » 

CB SLIDE M O U N T 
PREVENTS THEFT 
PA O R EXT 
SPEAKERS 
W HILE THEY LAST 
N O L A Y A W A Y O R 
CH A RG E CA RD 
KRACO CB with AM/FM STEREO RADIO 
MOUNTS IN DASH 

The KCB-237o CB with AM/FM .Stereo Radio. Convertible for In-dosh and Under dash use, other features include: CB 
Features: Solid state design; 23 channel Phase lock loop integrated Circuit Controlled Synthesizing Circuit; Built-in automatic modulation control circuit; Detachable Dynamic 
Microphone; Squelch Control; CB/Radio selector switch; 
Transmit indicator lamp. Radio Features. AM/FM Multiplex stereo radio; Integrated Circuitry; 4 watts per channel. 

23 CHANNEL 

Sugg. Ret. 339.95 

9 9 
■IDLAND 
DELUXE 4o CHANNEL! 
77-857 

Sugg. Retail $169.95 

♦With Purchase of Antenna or slide mount otherwise $89,99 

4o-CHANNEL DELUXE FEATURED FULL LEGAL POWER CB 
MOBILE. Dual conversion receiver with delta fine tuning, switchable 
ANL, variable squelch, active automatic gain control. Large, lighted S/RFo meter and 4o-channel selector dial. PLL tuner, PA and ex­ ternal CB switches, “Om ni-Power" operating — 12 volt DC, positive or negative ground. 23/s” h. x 63/*“ w. x 7 7/s'' d. With microphone and m ounting bracket. 

M O D E L 
1 3 -9 5 5 

> AWI LIGHT - ANTENNA (FAILURE) 
WARMING INDICATOR NOISE 
BUNKER - SWITCHABLE 
* ANI SWITCHABLE - AUTOMATIC 
NOISE LIMITER jjft 
LIGHTED S/RF METER 
PA - PUBLIC ADDRESS 

‘ W IT H P U R C H A SE OF A N T E N N A O R SLIDE 
M O U N T O T H ER W ISE $ 9 9 .9 9 

Sugg. Ret. $174.95 
9 9 * 
89 

REMOTE CB 
73 (HANNEL (EMOTE PUU POWER Cl MOHLE. Modular dtsign 

 puts ( I circuit "block b o x' out of sight in trunk, under seat or 

 on firemen. Compact control heat with 23-chann«l selector dial, 

S SFO meter, power and PA est C l switches is easily removable, 

Mn holds volume and variable squelch controls. Full legal power 

 transmute’ Ouol conversion receiver with built in ANL. Omni- 

Power. Includes ?o-ft. aircraft quality cable. 

Sugg. Ret. 
$259.95 
* 
•W ith Purchase o f A nten n a or slide m o u n t o th erw ise $ 7 9 .9 9 

O u td o o rs 

 w it It H a il S4Ieppc*r 

Buck permit plan might be expanded 

Buck deer permits will be required in Webb County again this season. There will be no change in the issuance rate. 
Landowners will receive one permit for 23o acres of land, with at least one permit issued per tract regardless of size. 

Officials of another county, Medina, are reported to be giving serious con­ sideration to embracing the buck per­ mit system for the 1978 season. 
Medina County commissioners re­ duced the bag limit in Medina last season to one buck per hunter in an effort to limit the kill. This, as expect­ ed, was only partially successful. 

The buck permit system is perhaps the most drastic method of reducing the kill of bucks in an area, but reduce the kid it does if harvest figures in 
Webb County were accurate. 

“ No doubt the weather reduced the overall kill in Webb,” reports Fielding 
Harwell of the Parks and Wildlife De­ partment. 
“ Nevertheless, buck permits redistributed the harvest with regard to ranch size.” 
There is no question that the permit system limits the kill on small tracts of land. And that reduction is precisely what wildlife biologists and some county officials want to do. 
Decrease on sm all tracts 

The kill on ranches 2,5oo acres in size and smaller decreased from 1,259 bucks in 1975 to 465 bucks in 1976 in 
Webb County, Harwell said. This is a decrease of 63 per cent on ranches up to that size. 
This involved a big majority — 72.3 per cent — of the Webb County lan­ downers, he pointed out, but only about 
IO per cent of the deer range in the county. 
Ranches of 1o,ooo acres or more ac­ counted for 1,71o bucks in 1975. The kill on these large tracts in 1976 dropped only 17 per cent, to 1,417 bucks. 

This decline was attributed to the poor hunting conditions, Harwell said, because generally the number of buck permits available equalled the number of bucks killed in previous seasons when permits were not required. 

“ While a certain portion of the de­ cline in harvest on small ranches can be attributed to the weather, it is ap­ parent the harvest was affected by the limited availability of permits,” Har­ well said. 
Anyone who advocates the buck per­ mit system leaves himself open to cri­ ticism that the system favors large ranches and severely penalizes ow ners of small tracts. 

In favor of the deer 

This is, in fact, true. But the reason is not to benefit the owner of large ranches; the reason is to benefit the deer. 
Bucks in some areas of the state are overhunted. This is the case on many small tracts of land, especially in out­ lying subdivisions, where there is little control over either the number of hunters or bucks killed. 
The buck permit system cannot help but reduce the number of bucks avai­ lable to hunters and, in the long run, increase the price of deer hunting in 
Texas, but it might be necessary in some areas to maintain a healthy, huntable herd. 

★ ★ ★ 
Parks and Wildlife Commissioners have accepted a donation of the 
4,753-acre Bar O Ranch In Medina and 
Bandera Counties for a state park. 

Under terms of the agreement,, the donor, Mrs. John F. Merrick, bas con­ veyed a 2/7ths undivided interest in the ranch to the department. The depart­ ment has secured a lease agreement for use of the remaining interest which will be conveyed to the state over a period of years. 

Development of the site as a park will follow completion of a master plan. 

★ ★ ★ 
The May meeting of the San Antonio 
Audubon Society will be held Tuesday at 6:3o p.m. in the San Antonio Garden 
Center. Dr. Paul Robertson will speak on the future of wildlife in Latin 
America. 

S t i f f e r 

NORTH A M E R IC A N SO C C E R L E A G U E 
Atlantic Conference 
East 
W 
L 
G F 
G A B P Pf 
3 
o 
9 5 
8 
26, 
2 
1 6 2 
5 
17 
2 
2 
5 
4 
5 
17 
1 
2 3 
3 
3 
9 
North 
2 
1 6 4 
6 
18 
1 2 
2 
5 
1 
8 
o 
2 
1 
6 
1 
1 
o 
2 o 
3 
o 
o 
o 
2 o 
5 
o 
o 

TENNIS PRO Mike Moore registers Caro! Evans for the Fairoaks 
March of Dimes benefit golf tournament May 21. Entry blanks may be picked up at Fairoaks or by calling 341-86o7 for information. 

 e£oie* tUt, do<yv...tocki upTEgtitf 
AUTOMATIC GARAGE 
DOOR OPENER SYSTEM 

 rn**-’ *SEE & COMPARE! 
PRICES INCLUDE: 
• IN STALLATIO N W ITH 
O NE TRANSMITTER 
• FULL O N E -Y E A R W A R R A N T Y 

J o L e 

‘2o9 
5o> 

Ft. Lauderdale 
Tampa Bay 
Cosmos 
Washington 

Toronto 
St. Louis 
Connecticut 
Rochester 
Chicago 

GENIER a good w ay to get in . . . w hen it’s unsafe to get out! 

Superb styling. Va H.P. rated. Screw drive* 
M59So 
Vt H.P. rated 
Chain drive - 

Pacific Conference 
South 
Los Angeles 
3 
O i l 
Dallas 
3 
o 
7 
Las Vegas 
2 
I 
4 
Hawaii 
2 
2 
3 
San Jose 
I 
2 
2 
West 
Vancouver 
2 
I 
3 
Portland 
I 
2 
4 
Minnesota 
I 
I 
I 
Seattle 
o 
3 
o 

Saturday s Gam es 
Vancouver at Hawaii, 12:3o a m. 
Rochester at Taman Bay, 7 p.m. 
San Jose at Dallas, 8 p.m. 
Minnesota at Las Vegas, IO p.m. 
Portland at Seattle, 9:3o p.m. 

Sunday's Gam es 
Washington at Fort Lauderdale, 3 p.m. 
St. Louis at Cosmos, I p.m. 
Chicago at Los Angeles, 4 p.m. 

o 
o 

D is c o v e r w h y fe a t u r e s • S u p e r b s ty lin g . m 
L iste d 

 lik e th e se h a v e m a d e • W o r m s c re w d r iv e 
• S e n s itiv e s a fe t y d e v ic e 
G e n ie * th e w o r ld ’s . B u ilt-in tim e 
* S o lid s ta te r a d io c o n tro ls , f a s t e s t s e llin g g a r a g e d e la y 
C e r tifie d to c o m p ly w ith F.C.C. d o o r o p e n e r s y s t e m s . 
( G S 4 5 o M O D E L O N L Y ) r e g u la tio n s 

USE OUR EASY PAY PLAN— 3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 

WITH NO INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 

Your Garage Door Headquarters since 1947 

HOLLYWOOD CRAWFORD DOOR CO. 
13811 SAN PEDRO 
494-3434 

• W e service w ha t w e sell • 

T ID E S 
Port Aransas 
April 3o 
Lo 
6:54 a.m. 
Lo 
Hi 
— 
Hi 
Lo 
7:18 p.m. 
Lo 
Hi 
12:3o p.m. 
Hi 

Port Isabel 
April 3o 
Lo 
8.12 a.m. 
Lo 
Hi 
3:55 a.m. 
Hi 
Lo 
8:24 p.m. lo 
Hi 
3:38 p.m. 
Hi 

M ay I 
7:53 a.m. 
1:32 a m. 
7:57 p.m. 
1:oo p.m. 

M ay I 
9:o6 a.m. 
4:58 a m. 
8: 59 p m. 
3: 5V p.m. 

S U N R IS E -S U N S E T 

April 3o 
Rise 6: 53 p.m. 
Set 8: IO p.m. 

M ay I 
Rise 6:52 a m. 
Set 8: to p.m. 

M O O N R ISE -M O O N SE T 
April 3o 
Rise 5:2o p.m. 
Set 4:42 a.m. 

M ay I 
Rise 6: 26 p.m. 
Set 5:24 a.m. 

M OON P H A S E S 

New moon: May 18 
First quarter: May 26 
Full moon: May 3 
Last quarter: May lo 
Pistol team picked 

Five members of the 
9oth U.S. Army Reserve 
Command’s pistol team have been named on the 
Army Reserve squad which will represent 
Fifth Army in the All- 
Army Championships at 
Fort Benning, Ga., May 
22-27. 
They are GWO Hubert 
D. Denson, Capt. Jon R. 
Fory and Capt. Lloyd L. 
Leech, all of San Antonio; 
Spec. 
5 
Michael 
J. 
Turner of Austin and 
Capt. Thomas W. Moore of Baton Rouge, La. 
Also selected to the squad to shoot at Fort 
Benning is Staff Sgt. Mi­ chael A. Hart of San An­ tonio. 
GWO Denson won the 
Individual 
National 
Match Course Center 
Fire, Individual Slow 
Fire Service and Indivi­ dual Time Fire Service at Fort Riley, while Capt. 
Moore won the Individual 
Rapid Fire Service. 

NOCONA-WRANGLER-FRYS-LUCCHESE-DAN POST-ACME-DINGO-L ARRY MAHAN -FRYS- GINGO­ 

LD 
Z 
«on 

< 

< 
•J 
>-z 

2 w 
<• 
IUTA rn 
X 
V u 
D 
- J 
I 
OC 
IU ani 

 oz 
< 
OC 

FREE BO O TS 

WILL BE GIVEN A W A Y MAY 7. A DRAWING WILL BE HELD 
THAT DAY AND A PAIR OF BOOTS GIVEN THE WINNER. N O 
PURCHASE NECESSARY, BUT ONLY ONE REGISTRATION PER 
PERSON IS ALLOWED. 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 

SPECIAL GROUPS OF W O M EN ’S EXOTIC TONY LAMA 
BOOTS — 5 o % OFF LIST PRICE — OTHER SPECIAL 
GROUPS OF BOOTS BY FAMOUS MAKERS — REGULAR 
STOCK — AT SAVIN GS OF FROM 3 o -5 o % . 

FREE JA R OF BO O T CREME P O U SH W IT H EVERY P A IR OF ADULT BOOTS, FRID AY, SA T U R D A Y O N LY . 
ALWAYS 2o% OFF 

ON MOST BOOTS, OTHER THAN SALE BOOTS 

439 MCCARTY, RD. — IN OLD TOWN VILLAGE — 349-3733 

 oz 

>■s 
TO 
>z 
o mm rn 
731z 

 on 
o 
Z 
>1 
T ITO 
<rnir* 
Cftft 
X 
ITI 
(A rni 
O 
>z 
13o 
TA 

>3o 
TO 
< 

3 
> 
X z 
I 
>n 
3 

BakkAmericard J2 

IF YOU CAN'T FIND US 
. C A L I US 
657.oo2I 
684-795o 

PECAN VALLEY GOLF CLUB 
SPRING GOLF SPECIAL 

INCLUDES 
INITIATION, 
ALL 
GREEN 
FEES 
AND 
COMPLETE CLUB PRIVILEGES FOR YOU ANO YOUR 
FAMILY FOR A TWO MONTHS TRIAL MEMBERSHIP. 
MEMBERSHIP MAY BE CONTINUED THEREAFTER FOR 
$37.5o MONTHLY. 

OFFER EXPIRES MAY 31. 

PECAN VAHEY DR. AT i. SOUTHCROSS 
333-7121 
3 3 3 - 9 o 1 8 

TELETRONICS A N N O U N C E S 
Low C.B. Prices and Personal Attention 

NEW LOW PRICES 
On MOTOROLA 
C.B. Radios 
$1 A o99 
M o d e l 4 o o Show n 
I 
Save $7o.96 Off Reg. $179.95 

V e ste d Suits com pare at *1 25.oo at the factory w areh ou se from only 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 

$59.95 

*31.95 

*11.95 

Blazers and Sport Coats com pare at *55.oo at the factory w areh ou se from only 

Dress Slacks and Jeans com pare at *2o.oo at the factory w areh ou se from only 

• POWER MIKE 
• AUTO. GAIN CONTROL 
• NOISE LIMITER 
• 4o CH. PLL. SYNTHESIZER 
• FULL 4 WATTS OUTPUT 
• 1oo% MODULATION 

 with purchase of slide m ount or antenna otherw ise $1 I 8.99. 
★ Four M odels to Choose from. 
★ W e install and service C.B. Radios regardless w here purchased. 
Come in today for dem onstration. rrj§mosi<£ A 

2717 Hillcrest 
7 3 5 -6 1 7 9 

F re d e ric k sb u rg , ISO-' .. (new r e c o r d ); 
2. 
F r a n k 
T o lle d , 
G regory Portland, 159-1o'.. 3. 
Joel Rhyne, T u lo so M id w a y , 
159-1o; 4. Maceo Fifer, Kerrville 
T ivy, 152 I ... 5. Roy Smith, Bel­ ton 152- .; 6. G red M a r b e r rv , 
Austin Westlake; I51-41 
Team To tats (F ie ld E v e n ts 
Only): Belton 26; Guloso Midw ay 
18; G regory Portland ll; South w est IO; So u th S a n W e st IO; 
F re d e ric k sb u rg IO, D o n n a IO; 
T aylor IO; A ustin W estlake 9; 
Beeville Jones 8; Del V a lle 6; 
K e rrville T ivy 6; F a lfu rria s 4; 
Gonzales 4! Pleasanton 4; Roun- d ro c k 4; M e rc e d e s 2; 
N ew 
Brauntels 2; Raym ondville I. 

C LA SS A A A Q U A L F IE R S 
High H urdles: 
Jeff Schultz, 
G re g o ry -P o rtla n d , 14.2; Lee 
Reynolds, Pleasanton, 14.6; Watt 
Cawthorne, Belton, 14.6; Jam es 
Bradenburger, Feredericksburg. 
14.8; Hector Munoz, Donna, 14.8; 
Robert G abourel, B ro w n sv ille 
Pace. 157. 
In te rm e d ia te 
H u r d le s : 
Schultz, Gregory Portland, 38.7; eynolds, Pleasanton, 39,8; Jam es 
Roland, Lockhart, 4o.1; Munoz, 
Donna, 4o.2; Cawthorne, Belton, 
4o.3; Ar Arthur Robinson, Cuero, 
41.8. 

C LA SS A A A A Q U A L IF IE R S 
44o-Yard R elay: 
Sam H o u s­ ton, 42.5; L am ar Consolidated, 
42.7; El Cam po, 42.9; Seguin, 
42.9; Jay, 43.1; Edgewood, 43.2; 
Wheatley, 43.2; C arom s Christi 
Miller, 43.3. 
88o-Yard D ash : 
Phil Knoll, 
Austin Anderson, 1:55.7; Leon 
Banks, Fox Tech, 1:56.o; Rolan­ do Vargas, Corpus Christi King, 
1:58.3; 
Al 
R a m o s, 
A u s tin 
Reagan, 1:58.4; Joel Hernandez, 
Lanier, 1:58.5; Arm ando Reyna, 
Edinburg, 1:59.2; Stefan Gay, 
Seguin, 1:59.4; Paul Vega, Wes loco, 1:57.2. 
High H urdles: 
R andy Clay, 
M a rsh a ll, 14.o; G e rald Allen, 
Corpus Christi Miller, 14.2; B u r­ ney Allen, Houston, 14.4, Elm o 
Thornton, Highlands, 14.6; M ark 
Orsak, Victoria Stromon, 14.7; L. 
A. Addison, Lam ar Consolidated, 
14.8. 
1oo-Yard Dash: 
Charles Pet­ tis, C ornu s C h risti M iller, 9.5 
T ies re c o rd set bv W a rre n 
M cV ea, B ra c k e n rid g e , 1964); 
Abraham Steadman, Seguin, 9.7; 
Russell Bates, Victoria Stroman, 
9 9; Xike Bluford, Kingsville, 9.9; 
Ronnie Drisdale, Highlands, 9.9; 
Shoe XcG regor, Austin Travis, 
IOO; O m ar Trevino, M cAllen, 
1o.o; M ik e Owens, El Cam po, 
1 o . 1. 
44o m ash: 
Cliff Davis, C C. 
King, 49 8; R icky Neely, Chur- 

Track 

Continued from Page IE 

 reached, I m issed the handoff and the baton fell.” 
Hernandez stood close by, too con­ sum ed with tears to talk. 
But things were not all bad for the 
San Antonio schools. 
Houston took the best spring relay tim e to the finals with a 42.5, while 
Churchill did the sam e in the mile re­ lay with a 3:21.2 clocking. 
Also qualifying in the sprint relay were Ja y (43.1). Edgewood (43.2) and 
Wheatley (43.2). 
J a y ’s sta r d ista n c e run n er M ark 
Andersen easily coasted to a victory in his heat of the mile run at 4:23.8. 
M arshall’s Randy ( ’lay qualified in both hurdle events, taking the top time to the finals in the highs at 14.o. Also getting into the finals in the highs were 
W heatley’s Elm o Thornton (14.o) and 
Houston's Burney Allen (14.4). 
Fox T ech ’s Leon B an ks takes the second best half m ile into the finals with a 1:56.o, but he m ust beware of two of the best 88o men in Texas in 
W eslaco’s Paul Vega and Edinburg’s 
Armando Reyna. 
C orpus ‘ - Christi M iller’s C harles 
P ettis ran off with the sprin ts, tying 
Warren McVea’s 13-year-old record at 
9.5 in the IOO and winning easily in the 
22o at 21.9. 
Ronnie D risdale of H ighlands w as the lone San Antonian qualifying in the century with a 9.9 effort. 
In the fu rlo n g, H ou ston ’s E d d ie 
Jackson (22.4) and Ja y 's Tony Felder 
(22.5) squeezed into the finals after tho video tap machine had to be consulted to pick places. McCollum’s Tom Vera 
. ran fast enough to qualify, hut was disqualified for running out of his lane. 
Churchill’s Rick Neely led the way for the Alamo City in the 44o with a tim e of 5o.1. Neely was joined by qua­ lifiers Paul Rodriguez of Jefferson and 
Camundo Salas of McCollum. 
With the field events com pleted in the AAA division, Belton led the way with 26 poin ts, follow ed by Tuloso- 
M id way, but Southwest and South San 
West had som e great individual per­ formances. 
Southwest’s Ken Cooper won tho long jum p with a leap of 23-1V& and South 
San W est’s W illie Know les took the high jum p at 6-6. 
“ I felt p retty good to d a y ,” sa id 
Cooper after winning. “ I ’m pleased hut I feel I could have done better.” 
Knolwes, who attem pted to clear 6-8 after winning said, “ I had it (the 6-8 jum p). I guess I didn’t kick.” 
F red erick sb u rg ’s Ja m e s Heinman set a record in the discus with a win­ ning toss of 18o-oVi, while K errville 
Tivy’s weightman M arco Fifer had a dism al day collecting fourth and fifth, respectively, in the discus and the shot put. 
Rose stars 

DES MOINES. Iowa (A P) - Nick 
Rose took 13 seconds off his own record in a special 5.ooo-meter race but drew second billing to a throw-in from Ok­ lahoma as the 68th Drake Relays got under way Friday. 
Randy Wilson evidently hadn’t read the script that said he w as .just sup­ posed to fill out the field for the high-powered 8oo-meter invitational. 
Wilson burst ahead of Am erican record-holder R ick W ohlhuter and 
Drake Relay’s record-holder Mike Boit at the tape for an upset victory. 
A first-day record crowd of 15,5oo saw seven records fall, and a m ark e sta b lish e d in a new even t. The 
18,ooo-seat Drake Stadium had long been a sellout for Saturday’s finals. 

Netters 

H E R M A N FRAZIER of Arizona State, running the anchor leg, hits the tape to lead his team to a 3:o6.9 victory in the 16oo-meter relay race at the Penn Relays in Philadelphia Friday. — AP 
W irephoto 
Tornado digs in 

DALLAS (AP) — Coach Al M iller of the North Am erican 
Soccer League’s Dallas Tornado believes that when you are winning you shouldn’t tem pt fate. 
And that explains why Miller has no intention of tam pering with his defensive line Saturday when the Tornado hosts the 
San Jo se Earthquakes at Ownby Stadium . 
The Torando will be going after its fourth consecutive victory of the season. San Jo se com es to D allas with a 1-2 record. 
Results of Corpus track meet 

C L A S S A A A F IE L D E V E N T S 
High Jump: 
I. Willie Knowles. 
South San West, 6 6; 2. Todd 
C a rr, 
A u stin W e stla k e , 6-2 
(P la c e s determ ined on few er m isses); 3. Eddie Stowers, Bel­ ton, 6 2; 4. Billy White, Gonzales, 
6 2; 5. Milton Watson, G regory 
Portland, 6 2; 6. George Hinkle, 
Donna, 6 1. 
Pole Vault: 
I. B ary Lanktord, 
Taylor, 15 9 (new re c o rd ); 2. 
Keith S a n d e rs, D o n n a, IS 6; 
J.Rickey Havley, Tuloso Midw ay, 
15 o; 4. Bruce Bachm an, Round 
Rock. 14 o; 5. Clark Smith, New 
Brauntels, 13 6; 6. Pete Jaram il lo, Donna, 12 6. 

Shot Put: 
I. Kelly B rooks. 
Belton, 58 IT i (new record); 2. 
B rian Hadwin, Beeville Jones, 
57 J; 3. Joel R h y n e , T u lo so 
M id a w a v , SS 11; 4. B T e r ry 
Monroe, Pleasanton, 54-8 .>; 5. 
M a c e o Fifer, K e rrv ille T iv y, 
54 .; 6. John Solis, R aym on d ­ ville 48 o. 

Long Jump: 
I 
Ken Cooper, 
Sou th w e st, 
23 I 1,?; 
2. 
M ik e 
Franklin, Belton, 2 2 - 6 3 . A l­ bert Powell, Del Valle, 22 6; 4. 
Jaim e Ruelas, Falfurrias, 22 3' ?; 
5. B u ilio rm o B a sa ld u a , M e r ­ cedes, 22 I'.-; 6. Arm and M o u l­ ter Gregory Portland, 22- z. 
Discus: 
I. Jam es Heinman, 

 chill, 5o.1; Paul Rodriguez, Jet ferson, 5o.3; Law rence Sample- ton, Seguin, 5o.3; Victor Sanchez, 
P.S.J.A., 5o.4; O sm undo Salas, 
McCollum , 5o.5; D ona Blevins, 
P.S.J.A., 5o.8; Tom Starr, C C. 
Carroll, 5o.9. 
33o Hurdles: 
Bobby Brow n, 
Austin Travis, 38.5; G erald Al ten, C.C. M ille r, 39.o; E a n d v 
Clay, Xarshall, 39.2; Jett R o y s­ ter, Bay City, 39.5; Stacv Cren­ shaw, Seguin, 4o.1; C hris Vasek, 
Bay Cliv, 4o.3. 

22o Dash: Charles Pettis, C C. 
Miller, 21.9; M cG re gor, Austin 
Travis, 22.3; Owens, El Campo, 
22.4; J. J. Gorcia, Alice, 22.4; 
Edidie Jackson, Houston, 22.4; 
Steadman, Seguin, 22.4, Trevino, 
McAllen, 22.7; Tony Felder, Jay. 
27.5. 
M ile R un: 
M a r k A n d e rse n , 
Jay, 4:23.8; Hunt Nolen, Austin 
Travis, 4:25.3; G eorge Tiierina, 
Edinburg, 4:26.9; D avid Collier, 
Houston, 4:27.2; D a v id Pena, 
McAllen, 4:27.3; Jesse Carranza, 
L a m a r C o n so lid a te d , 4 :2 7 .5 ; 
Steve Lantord, C.C. King, 4:27.6; 
D a n n y M o ra le s, C.C. C a rro ll, 
4:28.5. 
Mile Relay: 
Churchill, 3:21.2; 
P h a rr San Juan A lam o, 3:22.o; 
Lam ar Consolidated, 3:22.o; C.C. 
Carroll, 3:22.2; Bay City, 3:22.4; 
C.C. King, 3:23.6; Austin A n d e r­ son, 3:24.o, Austin LBJ, 3:24.1. 

Son Antonio E X P R E S5 -N E W S— Saturday April 3 o I 9 7 7 
H page 
5-E 
Trinity rolls from S.A. advance 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

CORPUS CHRISTI — B lair Jackson of Alamo Heights and M ax King of 
Roosevelt in singles and the Churchill duo of avid Wilson and Bill G lass all advanced in the C lass AAAA Region IV 
Tennis Tournament Friday. 
All of them won two m atches each to hit the semifinal round which starts at 
9 a.m . Saturday at H E B Tennis 
Center. The finals are at I p.m . 

S IN G L E S 
First Round 
Paul Crozier, C orp us C h risti K in g, def. Tito 
Garcia, McAllen, 6-o, 6-1; H a rry Millwater, H igh­ lands, def. Jesse Soliz, Del Rio, 6-o, 6-o; Blair 
Jackson, Alam o Heights, def. Vince M over, Austin 
Crockett, 6 1, 6-7, 6-2; Joe Raushuber, East Cen­ tral, def. Jam es Benfieid, L a m a r Consolidated, 6-1, 
6 4. Tom Burns, A ustin A n d e rso n , def. T erry 
Rupp, Weslaco, 6-4, 6-1; M a x King, Roosevelt, def, 
Walter Merrill, Victoria, 6 4, 6-1; Reynaldo Con­ chas, Laredo Martin, def. R a m iro Carter, Jeffer­ son, 6-2, 6-7; D. Crum ly, C orpus C hristi King, def. 
M ike Broderick, Holmes, 6-1, 6-1. 
Quarterfinals 
Crozier, King, del. Xillwater, Highlands, 6-1, 6-o;* 
Jackson, AH, def. Raushuber, E. Central, 6 1, 6-1; 
King, Roosevelt, def. B urn s, Anderson, 6-3, 3-6, 
6-o; Crumlv, King, def. Conchas, M artin, 6-2, 6-1. 
D O U B L E S 
First Round 
VWyne Serpa-Scott Luckey, C orp us Christi Ray, def. Tony Cruz-Lon C arroll, C hurchill, 6-4, 6-4; 
G e orge C um be-Ruben R o d rig u e z , B ro w n sv ille 
Hanna, def, Jack Keith-John Pett, Jefferson, 3-6, 
7-6, 6-2; Gerry Xilner-Brent Rybert, Brazoswood, def. Mike Salinas-David Meiske, Austin Reagan, 
6-2, 6-1; Arturo Martinez Anselm o Garza, Laredo 
Nixon, def. Derrin C acciolaBrent Fogt, Holmes. 
6-3, 6-4. 
Kevin Hodnett-Joe DeNlel, Austin Crockett, def. 
Ralph Gonzales-Eddie Hem p, Brow nsville Hanna, 
1-6, 6-4, 6 4; David W llson-Bill G lass, Churchill, def. 
Arm ando MartinezOscar Gutierrez, Laredo Nixon, 
6-3, 6-1; Dale Lane-Jerry Levy, L a m a r Consolidat­ ed, def. Ed Ketterer-George Fidnoe, M arshall, 6-2, 
6-o; Martin Saldana-Victor Longoria, Corpus Christi 
M ille r, def. G eorge N a v a re io -R o d n e v Chandler, 
Highlands, 6-1, 6-2. 
Quarterfinals 
Serpa Luckey, Ray, def. Cum be Rodriguez, H an­ na, fro, 6-o; Milner Ryberg, Brazosw ood, def. Mar-, tinez Garza, Nixon, 6-3, 6-4; W ilson Glass, Churchill,' def. Hodnett DeNiel, Crockett, 6 4, 6-3; Saldana- 
Longoria, Miller, def. Lane-Levy, Lam ar, no score available. • 
Tourney time 

Action will begin at 8 a.m . Saturday at Alva Jo Fischer Com plex and at 
Roger Stokes Center in the Fifth An­ nual Men’s Fast Pitch Softball Tour­ nament sponsored by the City Recrea­ tion Department. 
Twenty-eight team s, IO from San 
Antonio, are entered in the double elimination meet which will end with the finals at 5 p.m . Sunday. 
Defending cham pion will be Hous­ ton’s Opco Kuehn team . 
Texas prevails 

WACO (AP) — University of Texas catcher Bobby Kearney hit a grand slam hom er in the fourth and first basem an Mickey 
Riechenbach added a two-run homer in the sixth to lead the 
Longhorns to a 1o-4 Southwest Conference victory Friday over the Baylor Bears. 
Baylor dug in with an early 3-o lead, but w as pushed aside when Texas scored seven runs in the fourth. 
Riechenbach doubled, Wendell Hibbett walked and Chris 
R aper was hit by a pitch to set up K earney’s grand slam . 
Texas is now 45-6 on the season and 17-5 in SWC play. 
Baylor’s record is 34-12 for the season and 13-9 for SWC gam es. 

 by Pan Am 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
EDINBURG — Trinity pitchers Jay Moritz and D .J. Webb each hurled shutouts Friday night as the Tigers shocked Pan Ameri­ can, 4-o and 2-o,. “ knocking the Broncs out of the NCAA baseball playoffs for the first time in seven years. 

In the opener, Moritz walked eight and struck out just one, hut Pan Am cooperated by leaving ll) men on base. 
The victory for Moritz w as his third in eight decision this y ear. Pan A m ’s 
Glenn Cunningham (8-4) w as the loser. 
Trinity center fielder Ruben Lozano had a two-run sin gle in the seventh inning of the first g am e to put the 
T igers safely in front. F ran k O akes also chipped in two hits. All five of 
Trinity’s hits were singles. 
The Tigers got just four hits in the second gam e, hut m ade them count, registering three of them in the third inning. 
Jau n Kaufman singled, Lozano dou­ bled him home and O akes sin g led , drivin g in Lozano. The trium ph for 
Webb, who scattered six hits, was his first of the year after four losses. 

F IR S T G A M E 
T R IN IT Y 4, P A N A M E R IC A N o 
Trinity 
OOO IOO 3 — 4 5 
o 
. Pan Am 
OOO OOO o — o 
5 
I 
Moritz and Gomez; Cunningham and Gregory. 
W — Moritz (3-5). L — Cunningham (8-4). 
S E C O N D G A M E 
T R IN IT Y 2, P A N A M E R IC A N o 
Trinity 
oo2 OOO o — 2 
4 
o 
Pan Am 
OOO OOO o — o 
6 
o 
Webb and Perez; Krowell ond Dolfuss. W — 
Webb (1-4); Krowell (7-4). 
T e n n is 
W O R L D T E A M T E N N IS 
East 

Indiana Loves 
New 
York ApDles 
Boston Lobsters 
Cleve Pitt 
The Soviets 
West 

Pct. 
I OOO 
1.ooo 
.OOO 
.ooo 
OOO 
1.ooo 
.5oo 
.5oo 
.ooo 
•OOO 

Golden Caters 
I 
o 
Sea Port Cascades 
I 
I 
San Diego F riars 
I 
I 
Phoenix Racquets 
o 
o 
Los Angeles Strinas 
o 
I 
.OOO 
I 

F rid ay's Gam es 
Los Angeles at Golden Gate 
Boston at Phoenix, at Atlanta 
New York vs. The Soviets at Birm ingham , Ala. 
Cleveland at Indiana 
Saturday's G am es 
Indiana vs. Boston at Hartford, Conn. 
Sea Port at Cleveland 
The Soviets at Phoenix 
Golden Gate af Son Diego 
Sunday's Gam es 
Sea Port at Indiana 
Boston vs. The Soviets at Bingham pton, N.Y. 

Garcia advances in golf 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
CORPUS CHRISTI 
M cCollum ’s 
Tom G arcia gained a berth in the state golf meet in Austin in two w eeks with a second-place finish in the C lass AAAA 
Region IV Tournament Friday. 
Garcia shot a 36-hole total of 146, n ippin g Jo h n M urphy of z\ustin 
Anderson by one stroke for the other berth behind m edalist Doug Nelle of 
Austin L B J, who had a pair of 72s for a 
144. 
With Nelle leading the way, L B J won the team title with a 598 total. Corpus 
Christi King nipped San N arcos by a sjn^ie^st^oke, 611-612, for the other 

T E A M S C O R E S 
Austirr L B J 598, Corpus Christi K in g 61), Son 
M a rc o s 612, B ro w n sv ille H a n n a 618, A la m o 
Heights 622, Corpus Christi R ay 629, Judson 634. 
Austin Anderson 636, McCollum 64o, M cAllen 645. 
H ig h la n d s 659, Je ffe rson an d M a r s h a ll 661, 
Brazoswood 663, Victoria 673, Ja y 676. . 
Frogs to clash 

FO RT WORTH (A P) - New Texas 
Christian football coach F.A . Dry gives 
Horned Frog fans a preview of the 1977 team Saturday afternoon in the annual 
Purple-White intrasquad gam e. 
The team will be equally divided in a player draft by the staff. 
Dry said the scrim m age session is an important one in the duel between senior Jim m y Dan Elzner, junior Steve 
Bayuk and sophomore Don H arris for the No. I quarterbacking job. 

GRAND OPENING 
AS OF 1o:oo A.M . TODAY 
BARRY MANUFACTURING HAS A 
2nd BIG WAREHOUSE STORE IN 
SAN ANTONIO! 
COME IN AND SAVE UP TO 

BARRY 

HOURS: MON. & THURS. 1o-9 
TUES., WED., FRI. 1o-7 
SAT. 9 TILL 6 

EXPERT ALTERATIONS 
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC 

 m a n u f a c t u r in g 
2 8 o o N.E. LO O P 4 1 o 
(AT PERRIN-BEITEL EXIT) 
Also A t Loop 41o & Bandera Rd. 

4 

H * San Antonio E X P R E SS -N E W S— Saturday April 3o I 9 7 7 

A M E R I C A N L E A G U E 
East 
W 
L 
Pct. 
G B 
M ilw au ke e ll 
5 
.688 
— 
N ew Y o rk 
IO 
9 
.526 
2' 
B altim ore 
8 
8 
.5oo 
3 
Boston 
8 
9 
.471 
3‘ 
T oronto 
9 
It 
.45o 
4 
Detroit 
8 ll 
.421 
4 
C le ve lan d 
5 
W est ll 
.313 
6 

K a n s a s City ll 
7 
6U 
— 
O a kla n d 
12 
8 
6oo 
— 
C h ic a g o 
IO 
7 
.588 
M in n e so ta 
12 
9 
.571 
T e x a s 
9 
8 
.529 
I* 
C alifo rn ia 
9 
12 
.429 
3 
Seattle 
8 
15 
.348 
5 
T h ursd ay's G a m e s 
Seattle 4, M in n e so ta 3 
C leveland 4, T oronto 3 
F rid ay s G am e s 
Detroit 6, M in n e so ta 5 
M ilw au ke e 6, C le ve lan d 5) 
C alifornia 3, B a ltim o re 2, ll in n in g s 
B oston 7, O a k la n d 4 
N ew Y o rk 3, Seattle o 
K a n s a s City 6, T oronto I 
T e xa s 2, C h ic a g o I 
Sa tu rd a y ’s G o m e s 
Seattle (W heelock 2 2) at N ew Y o r k (F ig u e ro a 
12) 
O a kla n d (N o rr is I O) at Boston (T ian t ll ) 
T exas (B o g g s o-2) at C h ica go (K n a o o 3o) 
Detroit (R o b e rte 1-3) at M in n e so ta (Z a h n 3 o) 
C leveland (E c k e rs le v l l) at M ilw a u k e e (Slaton 
1-o ) 
C a lifo rn ia ( R y a n 3-2) at B a ltim o re ( F la n a g a n 
o I), <n> 
T oronto (G a rv in 3-1) at K a n s a s C ity (Sp iitto rlt 
1 l), (n) 
Sunday's G a m e s 
C alifornia at B a ltim o re 
Seattle at N ew Y o rk 
O a kla n d at B oston 
Detroit at M in n e so ta 
T e xas at C h ic a g o 
C leveland at M ilw au ke e , 2 
Toronto at K a n s a s City 

N A T I O N A L L E A G U E 
East 

Saturday's G a m e s 
H ouston (K o n ie zc n y I O) at P ittsb u rg h (R o o k e r 

2 1 ) 
P h ila d e lp h ia ( L e r c h o-1) at S a n F r a n c i s c o 
(H a licki 2-1) 
C h ic ago (B o n h a m 2 1) at C in cin n ati (B illin g h o m 

2-1), ( n ) 
_ 
, 
Atlanta (M e sse rsm ith 2 1) at St. L o u is (F a lc o n e 
o-3), <n> 
M ontreal (H a n n a h s 1-1) at L o s A n g e le s (R h td e n 
3 o), (n) 
New Y o rk (Se a ve r 3-o) at San D ie g o (J o n e s 1-3), 
(n) 
Sunday s G o m e s 
Houston at Pittsb urgh 
Atlanta at St. Lou is 
C h icago of Cincinnati 
M ontreal at Lo s A n ge le s 
New Y o rk at Son D ie go 
Philadelphia al San F ra n c is c o 

T E X A S L E A G U E 
East 
W 
L 
Pct. 
G B 
Shreveport 
13 
4 
.765 
— 
Tulsa 
7 
8 
.467 
5 
Jackson 
7 
9 
.438 
5 
A rk a n s a s 
W est 
5 
11 
.313 
V 

E l P a so 
IO 
7 
.833 
— 
A m a rillo 
6 
7 
462 
4' 
M id lan d 
5 
8 
.385 
5 1 
San Antonio 
4 
8 
.333 
6 

 w 
L 
Pct 
G B 
Si. Louis ll 
7 
.611 
M ontreal 
3 
7 
.533 
I 
Pittsb urgh 
9 
7 
S'62 
I 
C h icago 
7 
8 
.467 
2' 
N ew Y o rk 
7 
9 
.438 
3 
P hiladelphia 
W est 
5 
IO 
.333 
4 

L o s A n ge le s 
16 
3 
.842 
— 
Houston 
9 
IO 
.474 
7 
Cincinnati 
8 
IO 
.444 
7 
Sa n F ra n c isc o 
8 
IO 
.444 
7 
Atlanta 
8 
11 
42! 
8 
San D iego 
8 
14 
.364 
9 

T h ursday's G am e s 
E l P a so 12, M id la n d I 
San Antonio 3, Amarillo I 
Only gam e s scheduled 
Friday's G a m e s 
El P a so 9, M id la n d 2 
Amarillo 6, San Antonio 4, 13 innings 
A rk a n sa s 5, J a c k so n I 
Shreveport 14, Tulsa I 
Saturday's G a m e s 
San Antonio at E l P aso 
M id la n d at A m a rillo 
Jackso n at A r k a n s a s 
Shreveport at Tulsa 
Sunday's G a m e s 
San Antonio at E l Paso 
M id lan d at A m a rillo 
Shreveport at Tulsa 
O nly ga m e s scheduled 

Friday's Results 
A rizona 2, T exas E l P a so I 
Sam Houston IO 7, Stephen F. A u stin 4-2 
T exas IO. B a ylo r 4 
T exas-A rlington 8-3, Southw estern L o u isia n a 6-4 
L a m a r U n ive rsity 2-4. A rk a n s a s State l l 
P a n A m e rica n 7, S M U 2 

< P » l i 

Th ursd ay's G am e s 
H ouston 3. San F ra n c isc o I 
L o s A n ge le s 7, San D ie go 5 
F rid ay 's G om es 
H ouston ll, P ittsb u rgh 3 
Cincinnati 3, C h ic a go 2 
St. L o u is S, Atlanta 2 
N ew Y o rk 9, San D ie go 2 
Lo s A n ge le s 3, M o n tre al o 
P hiladelphia 6, Sa n F ra n c isc o 5 
Even our prices say welcome 
GRAND OPENING 
SPECIALS 
FREE! FREE! FREE! 

COMPUTERIZED WHEEL BALANCE 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF FOUR (4) 
NEW TIRES. 
OFFER GOOD FRIDAY, A PRH 29 AND SATURDAY, A PR. 3o 

UNIRoYAL TIGER P M 
Radial 
DOUBLE STEEL/GLASS -BELTED RADIAL 
$oo77 WHITEWALL 

BR78-13 whitewall tubeless 

 plus $2.o6 F.E.T. and lite off your car. 

SIZE 
I 
PRICE 
F.E.T. 

BR78-13 
$38.77 
$2.o6 

DR78-14 
$44.77 
*2.38 

ER78-14 
$45.77 
$2.47 

FR78-14 
$47.77 
$2.65 

GR78-14 
$5o.77 
*235 

GR78-15 
$51.77 
I 
S c ™ ' 
HR78-15 
$53.77 
$3.11 

IR78-15 
$61.77 
$3.44 

All prices phn F.E.T. and fir* aff yay? cor 

S T IG E R 
■ ■ TIGER iiiiinmrnt I Iii till 
UNIRoYAL mom pom 
UNIROYAL 
" 
■ 
■ 
P R W 
B n ltn n Tw° 
DCI Mill belts Plus two 
Polyester cord plies Whitewall mw 
I \ 
A 7 8 ™ whitewall lKJ \ I ll tubeless plus $1.72 
E R V \ \ V 'j | 
F.E.T. and tire oft pa'I ) > I \ your cai 

SIZE 
PRICE 
F.E.T. 

4-Ply 4« s r yes,er 
M W 

 r I { < \ A 78-13 Whitewall 
H i i ) I • ) tubeless plus ST 
.73 
| 9 H j ) I | | ( F.E.T. and tire off 

A78-13 
$28.77 
$1.73 
SIZE 
PRICE 
F.E.T. 

D78-14 
$3o.77 
$2.o9 
A78-13 
$23.77 
$1.72 

E78-14 
$31.77 
$2.26 
C78-14 
$26.77 
$2.o1 

F78-14 
$33.77 
$2.42 
E78-14 
$27.77 
$2.23 

G78-14 
$35.77 
$2.58 
F78-14 
$3o.77 
$2.37 

G78-15 
$36.77 
$2.65 
G78-14 
$31.77 
$2.58 

G78-15 
$39.77 
$2 88 
G78-15 
$32.77 
$2.59 

J78-15 
$4o 77 
$3 o3 
H78-15 
$34.77 
$2.79 

L78-15 
$42 77 
$3.12 
178 15 
$ 3 6 77 
$ 3 o 9 

AN price* plus F IT and lye off your cor 
AH prim plus F I T. and tire off your cor 

CHECK OHR LOW PRICES 

OK ILL M W BRANDS OF 

MACS AND WHITE SPOKE WHEELS 

OPEN ’TIL 9:oo P.M. TONIGHT 

HIGH PERFORMANCE 4 OFF ROAD 
HI GEAR 

WHEELS 
TIRES 
AK & SQ RljS 

CREDIT AVAILABLE 

644o N.W. 
EXPRESSWAY 

(IH-IO SOUTH 

OF WONDERLAND) 
736-2856 

S A W G A W O M E N 
C h am p ion sh ip flight — LG . Nett C arter, 81, Lup e 
Proctor, 81; A llison Gentle. 81; M a r g e L o ck e . 81; 
F irst flight — LG . M a rle n e B ailey, 85; L N , V e lv a 
F a irch ild , 88 18-7o; L u F a rre ll, 9o 18-72; G a rn e t 
Boom . 9o-18-72; Helen M iller, 89 17-72. T h ird flight 
- LG . M a rtie W ells, 1o2; L N , T o m m ie K o e rth , 
1o8 36 72, M a g e e Devine, 1o3-3o-73; K a y E h lm g e r, 
1o5-29-76 
L O N E S T A R M E E T 
P a irin gs for first an n u a l L o n e Star L o n g N e c k event at C a n yo n C re e k S a tu rd a y : 8:3o a.m . — 
S c h u e ss le r , S m ith , W e rn e r. R e y n e r ; 8 :3 7 — 
M cG u ire . G ibson, Todd, J a u re g u i; 8:45 — H o w a rd , 
F W ilson, W vson g, K op p lin ; 8:52 — D a vie s. P e trv. 
M anhotf, W enzel. 9:oo — V ic k e rs, C ave. W eltens. 
F u sse lm an , 9: is — K n a u s, Beat, Petty 
F ra z ie r; 
9:22 — Jarrett, Ham it, B o xe r, P a re tc h a n ; 9:3o — 
Dalton, M c lv e r. Salinas. Fu lle n ; 9:37 — T errell, 
Thurm ond, O.E. Jopling, H offm an ; 9:52 — S t e a r ­ in. Talm an, H aves, R a u m a k e r; 
1o:oo — E a g a n , 
B egztos, B rze zin sk j, S tro m ; 1o:o7 — M a n n in g , 
.Pone. B e rch e lm an , E ld re d ; 
1o:15 — C o vin g to n , 
Ju stice , C o llin s, H o r to n ; 1o:22 — B r a e s ic k e , 
K in d e r, D a g u e . M a rtin e z , 
1o:3o — A b in g t o n , 
B a rry , Austin, H. Stew art; 1o:37 — H o u se m a n , 
G ordon, D ick so n , So re n so n ; 1o:45 — F e rg u so n , 
R o d rig u e z , M a s o n , D e g a d o ; 
1o:52 — D a lto n . 
B u rle so n , G r ig a s , R. R e e b ; 
11:oo — R a m e y , 
Rollins, G eisler, P e re z; 11:15 — O liver, Jo h n so n , 
M artin, W right, 11:22 — L o w ra so n , E ste s, M a c h o , 
P hinnev; 11:3o — Ratterm an, D ic k e rso n , C arte r, 
B. W ilson ; 11:37 — V au g h t, M o n ro e , C a rtm a n , 
R e s se l; 11:45 — E m b re y , V illa r e a l, M e lv ille , 
R e n fro. 11:52 — Voltz, A lle n , H inton, A llis o n ; 
12:o7 — Skipper, Button, C rook, T hornton ; 
12 15 
— Jum per, Stinkard. R. Jopling, H a g e r; 12:22 — 
Horlen, H allm ark, P e a rso n , F o x ; 12:3o — F lo re s, 
Sw ynerton, Schroeder, V a sc h ; 12:45 — A n d e rso n , 
Bielser, Bradfield, M enefee; 12:52 — F o rre ste r, B. 
Reeb, Sullivan, Stew art; 1:oo — H o p p e r, C h ris topher. C lark, M. Allison. 

C A R P E N T E R S 
The M onthly Special P r o A m w ill be held So turday with deadline at 2 p m. and a sh o tgu n start at 2:3o. 

N O R T H E A S T M E E T 
Results of M id d le School tournam ent af K le in 's 
C ourse F rid a y : Seventh g ra d e boys G a rn e r, 249, 
White, 262; M adison, 264; M edalists, R ic k v Hinz, 
White, 58 (won playoff) and M a rk Thornton, 58. 
E ighth gra d e g irls — G a rn e r, 334; M a d iso n , 341; 
K rueger, 4o1; M e d alists, Ju dy Page, G a rn e r, 7o 
(won playoff), and B e c ky Vann, White, 7o. Seventh grade g irls — G a rn e r, 359;. M edalist, K a re n Bu rke , 
White, 64. 
T U R T L E C R E E K 
Results of annual threeav w o m e n 's club ch am p io n sh lp : C o o k ie B e lin s k y , 88-87-86 — 261 ; 
Su e 
C rum , 89-88-85— 262; Bee Croft, 95-1o4-99— 298. 

B I R M I N G H A M , A la 
J A P ) 
F rid a y 's first round of the B irm 
G reen V alley C ountry Club: 
M a r y Loo C rocke r 
Debbie Austin 
D ebbie M a sse v 
C arol M a im 
A m y Alcott 
Betty Burfeindt 
K o ro lyn K e rtzm a n 
A lxa n d ra R n h a rd f 
M icke y W alker 
Silvia Brtlccini 
Jerilvn Britz 
L a u ra B a u gh 
Bonnie L au e r 
Pat M e y e rs 
D on na Y o u n g 
Jo A n n Prentice 
Beth Solom on 
B etsy Cullen 
Put Brad ley 
M.J. Sm ith 
Joyce K a zim e rsk i 
D ale Lundqu ist 
Cathy M o n t 
K ath y Psflw ait 
Stgna Quandt 
Jan Stephenson 
Sa n d ra B u rn s 
K ath y A h e m 
Ju d y Kim b all 

— L e a d e r s a fte r in g h a m C la ssic at 

33 3 5 - 6 8 
433 3 5 - 6 8 
34-34— 68 
34-35— 68 
34 3 6 - 7 o 
3 6 -3 4 -7 o 
36 3 4 - 7 o 
36-34— 7o 
3 5-35 -7o 
35-36-71 
36-35-71 
3 7 -3 4 -7 ) 
36 3 5 - 7 ) 
3 7 -3 4 -7 ) 
33-38— 71 
3 7-35 -72 
36 3 6 - 7 2 
3 7-35 -72 
36 36— 72 
3 9-33 -72 
3 8-34 -72 
36-36— 72 
3 6-36 -72 
3 7-35 -72 
37-35— 72 
35 3 7 - 7 2 
36-37 — 73 
37 3 6 - 7 3 
34 39— 73 

A u l u H a w i n g 

T A L L A D E G A , Alo. ( A P ) — The sta rtin g lineup for Su n d a y s W inston 5oo N A S C A R G ra n d N a tio n a l stock ca r ra ce at A la b a m a In te rn a tio n a l M o to r 
Speedw ay, with type of ca r and q u a lify in g speed in m iles per h o u r: 
1. A.J. Fovt, Chevrolet, 192.424. 
2. B enny P a rso n s, Chevrolet, 192.266. 
3. Sam So m m e rs, C hevrolet, 191.635. 
4. Donnie Allison, Chevrolet, 191.42o. 
5. Cole Y a rb o ro u g h , Chevrolet, 191.o46. 
6. D a ve M o re ls, M e rc u ry , 19o.966. 
7. R ich a rd Petty, Dodge. 19o.921. 
8. Ron H utcherson, Chevrolet, 19o.886. 
9. Neil Bonnett, Dodge, 189.38o. 
1o. D a vid P e arson , M e rc u ry , 189.o21. 
11. D a rre ll W altrip, Chevrolet, 187.986 
12. B ru ce Hill, Chevrolet, 187.o93 
13. Janet G uthrie, Chevrolet, 186.387. 
14. Cecil G ordon, Chevrolet, 186.253. 
15. Rich C hildress, C hevrolet, 186.o25. 
16. J.D. M cDuffie, Chevrolet, 187.8o2. 
17. Coo Coo M arlin , C hevrolet, 187.75o. 
18. Skip M an n in g, C hevrolet, 187.123. 
19 Dick B rooks, Ford, 186.852. 
2o. B ud dy B ak e r, Ford, 186.783. 
21. F ra n k W arren, Dod ge, 186.743. 
22. Butch H artm an, Chevrolet, 186.539, 
23. B ud dy A rrington, Dodge, 186.4o5. 
24. Tighe Scott, Chevrolet, 186.293. 
25. D a ve Sisco, Chevrolet, 186.oo3. 
26. Joe F ra sso n , Chevrolet, 185.776. 
27. Jim m y M e an s, Chevrolet, 185.387. 
28. Bob by Allison, A M C M a ta d o r, 184.893. 
29. Tom Gale, Ford, 184.836. 
3o. T e rry R yan , Chevrolet, 184.754. 
31. G rant Adcox, Chevrolet, 186.1o1. 
32. T erry B ivins, Chevrolet, 185.985. 
33. R am o Stott, Chevrolet, 185.935. 
34. Ja m e s Hvlton, Chevrolet, 185.895. 
36. Peter Knob, Chevrolet, 185.7o7. 
37. R icv Rudd, Chevrolet, 185.3o8. 
38. Ferrell H a rris, Chevrolet, 184.918. 
39. Dick S k ille t Chevrolet. 184.253. 
4o. G.C. Spencer, Dodge, 182.o74. 
41. D.K. U lrich. Chevrolet, 18o.o74. 

T ra n s a c tio n s 

M A J O R L E A G U E B A S E B A L L 
O A K L A N D A ’s: 
Sent pitcher Jim U m b e rg e r to 
Sa n Jose of the P acific C oast League. 
N E W Y O R K M E T S : 
Sign e d infielder-outtielder 
Lenny Randle 

Traded 
Jim Umbarger, who spent last season with the Texas Rangers, has been sent to the minor leagues by his new team, the 
Oakland A’s. Umbarger is going to San Jose of the Pacific Coast 
League. 

P R O H O C K E Y 
B U E F A L O S A B R E S ( N H L ) : 
S ig n e d c e n te r 
Gilbert Perreault. 
P R O F O O T B A L L 
S E A T T L E S E A H A W K S : 
Sign e d d e fe n sive end 
R uben H odges a n d linebacker C h a rle s M c S h a n e a s tree agents. 
B R I T I S H C O L U M B I A L I O N S ( C F D : 
S ig n e d linem an D on Ratliff and defensive tackle C o rn e ll 
Houston. 
H o rs e H a d n t; 

A Q U E D U C T . 
525,ooo M o c a ssin P u r s e — - Y o u r 
Place or M in e (53.6o), K eep It Secret. H e lla s ll. 
O ne m ile in 1:36 25. 
P IM L I C O : 
F e a tu re — P rin c e H a ro ld (57.2o), 
C heer to the Ech o , L a st H ail. O ne a n d o n e -six ­ teenth m iles in 1:43 35. 
H I A L E A H : 
F e a tu re — D o n A ro n o w (57.4o), 
B ud ding Actor, Realty W orthy. Se ve n fu rlo n g s in 
1:24. 
S P O R T S M A N 'S : 
Fe atu re - C ro d a n (53.6o). L e s 
P lu m a g e , Jest Lead er. Six fu rlo n g s in 1:13. 
L O U IS IA N A : 
Fe atu re — M a y m e s J o y (511,2o), 
H ap p y 
Talon, 
Stu rd y 
M oney. 
Six fu rlo n g s 
In 
1:13.3. 
H O L L Y W O O D : 
C a sc ao e d ia (S3.4o), K a to n a k a , 
M io Am ore. O ne and one-sixteenth m ile s in 1:42. 
G O L D E N G A T E : 
F e a t u r e — F r e e t h i n k e r 
(55.8o), Clip Joint, A Lock. Six fu rlo n g s in 1:1o 25. 
Snap 

CARRIZO SPRINGS - The Carrizo 
Springs W ildcats broke U v a ld e ’s 
26-game winning streak, 1-o, Fridav night. 

Senior right-hander Manuel Perales threw the shutout. Scattering three hits, striking out one and walking two. 
Ile got the Coyotes to hit a lot of bah on the ground. 

The Wildcats, who have won five of their own in succession, scored the game’s only run in the second inning when Philip Kolos singled, im as 
Ochoa sacrificed and P erales’ hit a grounder that went through the Uvalde shortstop for an error, scoring Kolos. 

C A R R I Z O S P R I N G S I, U V A L D E o 
U vald e 
OOO OOO o — o 
3 
C a rrizo 
o1o OOO x — I 
2 
2 
M c E lro v and Neutzo: P e ra le s and H e rn a n d e z. 
W - P e r a le s (1-1 in d istrict). L — M c E l i o v (6 1). 
W ildcats break 26-gam e U vald e w in n in g stre a k. P h il 
K o lo s sin g le s a n d sc o re s on sa c rific e a n d e rro r. 
Upset tightens race a s U vald e now 8-1 and K e rrv ille - 
6-3. 

HIGH PERFORMANCE & OFF ROAD 
Hi GEAR 

San Antonio’s Newest 
Off-Road and Hi 
Performance Center 

Accel Super Coil 

*2495 

CLa 

- v ! 
*•Q 
Z 

I 

1 

Hurst “Indy” Shifters 
$29 
9 5 

Edelbrock “Torker” Manifolds 
$ 9 4 57 
(Sm all Block Chevy) 

1 o % 
OFF 
Stroppe Off-Road Equipment 

Armstrong Off-Road Tires Available 

Thrush Mufflers 
From $ 1 2 75 

OC 
o 

Cruger and Appliance Wheels 

Sale Priced During Grand 

Opening 

Expert Installation Available on all accessories. 

Full 4-Wheel Drive Service. 

Come by and register for a set of 4 Uniroyal 
Tiger Paw Radials to be given away. Drawing to be held Sat. night 9:o o P.M. N o Purchase 
Necessary. 

South of W onderland 
736-2856 

No-hitter by San Marcos 

Sophomore right-hander Pete Quin­ tero of the San Marcos Rattlers pitched a no-hitter in downing 
District 
32-AAAA leader Roosevelt, 4-1, Friday. 
The Roosevelt loss tightened up the race, as runnerup Churchill blanked 
Seguin, 2-o, and pulled within a game of the Rough Riders. Roosevelt is now 
9-3 and Churchill 8-4 with only two games left. 
In District 29-AAAA, both Laredo 
Martin and South San Antonio won games on the 1o-run rule to set up a pennant battle next Tuesday night at 
South San. 
Judson eliminated McCollum, 4-2. in the othergam e in District 29. 
No. Franked Jefferson pulled closer to the istriet 31-AAAA title with a 5-1 win over Edison, the Mustangs’ 19th straight win. 
All Jefferson has to do is win one of its last two games to annex the title. 

District 29-AAAA 

S O U T H S A N A N T O N I O 13, 
L A R E D O N I X O N I 
(F ive Innings, 1o-Run Rule) 
South Son 
o56 o2 — )3 
11 
I 
L. N ixon 
IOO o o — 
1 
5 
4 
De La G a rza and B rise n o ; Luna, A v e rill (3), G. 
R am irez (3) and n ickle. W — De L a G a rz a (6-2). 
L — L u n a (3-5). W R — S o u th S a n : 
F r a n k D e L a 
G a rza (2), second, gra n d -slam . D e La G a rz a had 
2-4 with five R B Is . O ther B ob cat belters w e re B illy 
Zam ora, 2-4 and three R B Is ; E ic h a rd G a rc ia 2-3 a n d G e o rg e L o n g o r ia a p a ir of d o u b le s. 
F o x 
Nixon, M ik e L u n a 2 2 and M a rio Sa n ch e z 2-3. 
C U R R E N T S T A N D I N G S 
M artin 7-2-1, South Sa n 7-3, Ju d so n 6 4, M c C o l turn 6-4-1, N ixon 5-5, H a rla n d a le 2-6-1, E a s t C e n tra l 
o-9-1. 

L A R E D O M A R T I N IO, E A S T C E N T R A L 
E a st 
Central 
OOO 
o 
o 
- 
o 
Lare d o M artin 
O il 
o 8 — 
IO 
6 
o 
(1o-run rule) 
Lan ge, B la c ke te r (5) a n d H ill. M a rtin e z a n d 
Gonzalez. W — M a rtin e z (7-1). L — L a n g e (o-1o). 
H R — Lare d o M a rtin : 
Beto Valdez, solo in the second inning. M a rtin e z stru ck out eight, h a d no w alks and one hit by pitch. L a r r y Hill had the only 
E a st Central hit with a double in the fifth inn ing. 
The w inning run w a s w alked in. 

J U D S O N 4, M C C O L L U M 2 
M c C o llu m 
o2o OOO o — 2 5 
2 
Ju dson 
2o2 OOO x — 4 6 
5 
T e r r y R a le y a n d D o u g M c D o u g i e ; 
S t e v e 
H aberstroh and Scott H untsm an . W — H a b e rstro h 
(65). L - R ale y (6-3). 
Highlights: 
M a r k L a d d and Steve S tra n g e each had run-scorin g sin g le s in the de cisive th ird in n in g for Judson. The R o c ke ts took the lead in the first when an e rro r b ro u gh t hom e one run and a w alk with the b a se s loaded forced h om e the second . 
M c C o llu m evened the count in the se co n d w hen 
B o g g e rs ripped a tw o-run single. 

District 3o-AAAA 

H O L M E S 6 D E L R I O 4 
H olm es 
1o3 o2o o — 6 
7 
7 
Del Rio 
oo3 OOO I — 4 
8 
3 
A ro iz a a n d M o r a le s ; W a lts a n d H e r n a n d e z . 
W — A raiza (6 1). L — W alts (3-3 in district). H R — 
Holm es: 
R ick 
B ro w n third, two on. 
R u d v 
M o ra le s kn ocked in two ru n s with a sin g le in the fifth and A lfred M u n o z had 2 3 and the other R B I for the H uskies. Del R io s A rt H e rn a n d e z 3 4 and two R B Is, and Steve P lv le r 2-4 and one R B I. 

E D G E W O O D 5, M E M O R I A L o 
E d ge w ood 
IOO 
o21 
1 — 5 
7 
3 
M e m o ria l 
o 
— 
o 
I 
2 
Diaz and Silvas. G u a d ia n o and Dizaz. W — D ia z 
(3-8). L — G u a d ia n o (1-5). H R — E d g e w o o d : 
R u b e n D u arte , so lo in the se ve n th . E d g e w o o d scored their first ru n atter b a se s had been loaded. 
A home-to-first double play ensued and the se co n d base runner sco re d a s the throw fro m first b a c k to hom e plate w a s late. 

M A R S H A L L 3, K E N N E D Y J 
Kennedy 
OOO oo7 o — 7 
4 
2 
M a rsh a ll 
IOO 2oo x — 3 
3 
3 
Sanchez and O rtiz; W illis and F ran tze n . W — 
W illis (IOO). L — S a n c h e 2 (8-5). H R - M a rsh a ll, 
T e rry Sa la za r (3), solo in the first inning. 
Highlights: 
M a r sh a ll s Steve Tietze belted a two-run double in the fourth to give the R a m s their m a rgin of victory. Tietze w a s one tor one in the gam e. 

J A Y 5, E A G L E P A S S 2 
Ja y 
1o2 oo2 o - 5 
6 
2 
E a g le P a ss 
o1o IOO o — 2 
7 
o 
C ordick and K e a rn e y ; G a rcio , M a rtin e z (6) and 
Valdez. W — C o rd ic k (4-3). L — G a rc io ( l l), m ean 
D a vid 2-3, three ru n s scored, stolen b a se a n d R B I triple and W oody W oodruff P B I double a s J a y s 
R o ye r Tatsch beats E a g le s for first tim e ever. 
Deltino M a ld o n ad o and M a rio M e n d o z a botti 2-3 tor Eagles, A lb ert G a rc ia doubled. 

C U R R E N T S T A N D I N G S 
M a rsh a ll 3-o; H o lm e s and J a y 3-1; K e n n e d y 3-2; 
E d g e w o o d 2-2; D e l R io 2-3; E a g le P a s s 1-3; 
M e m o ria l o 5. 
District 31-AAAA 

J E F F E R S O N 5, E D I S O N I 
Ed iso n 
OOO OOI o — 
1 6 3 
Jefferson 
oo2 2o1 x — 5 6 
3, 
Cortez, M e n c h ae a (3), H ernand ez (4) and Su a re z, 
D e Leon (6); D a v a lo s a n d P a v lic h . W — D a v u lo s 
(9-1). L — Cortez (2-2). F re d d y T re vin o a n d R a n d y 
O b a v a e a ch k n o c k e d iii two r u n s for Jeff, w ith 
T revino ripp ing a triple and getting 2-3 a n d sc o rin g a run a s well. O b a v a 2-4. F o r E d iso n , B illy M o n - te m a v o r a n d O s c a r C a r d e n a s both 2 3. E d is o n protested ga m e after third inn ing Jeff sq ueeze Play which m issed. 
R u n n e r from third and catch e r collided on play to b rin g about question of w hether runner ran over ratchet U m p ire s ruled he did not, 

 while E d iso n contended he should be elected ro m 

 gam e. 
W H E A T L E Y 18, F O X T E C H I 
Fox Tech 
o1o OOO o — I 
I 
4 
W heatley 
78o oo3 x — 18 
13 
3 ’ 
D elagd o, V illa rre a l (2), G a r ib a v (3) a n d G a ribav, A le m an (3); Q uintana and M o lin a , M a rtin e z 
(4). H R — W heatley, Q uintana (I), solo in second. 
W — Q uintana (2-8). L — D e lga d o (1-2). 
Highlights: 
Q uintana did e v e ry th in g but sell refreshm ents d u rin g W heatley s rom p. H e tossed his second one hitter of the ye a r a n d went two for three of the plate. He scored three ru n s a n d had three R B Is . R a m ire z also had three R B Is a s the 
E a g le s blew aw ay the Buffs. F ox T e ch got a sin gle in tie second, but its run sco re d b e c a u se of an e rro r b v W heatley. T he lo ss w a s th e s e v e n th straight for Fox Tech. A nd the triu m p h w a s lust the fifth of the y e a r for W heatley, w h ic h had lost three straight. 

S A M H O U S T O N 4, H I G H L A N D S 3 
H ig h la n d s 
OOO 
oo3 
o 
— 
3 
2 
2 
Houston x 
— 
4 
6 
D e L a O a n d G a rc ia . F lo re s, S t ro n g (6) a n d 
Jen dru sch. W — F lo re s (6-3). L — D e L a O (3 4). 
H R — Sam H ouston: M ik e Je n d ru sc h , so lo in fifth inning. H ouston scored their w in n in g ru n after a w alk a n d the ru n n e r a d v a n c e d to t h ird on a hit and run play. V arn e ll W hite hit a sin g le for the 
R B I with two outs in the inning. F o r H ouston, 
Strong cam e in in the sixth inning w ith one out a n d ended the inning with a double play. S tro n g then struck out the side in the seventh for the save. 
D e L a O had 12 strikeouts for H ig h la n d s w ith 7 walks. 

L A N I E R 4, B U R B A N K I 
Lan ier 
4oo OOO o — 4 
7 
o 
B u rb a n k 
OOO IOO o — I 
5 
I 
M e d in a a n d L e v v a ; 
R iv e ra , M u n o z ( I ) a n d 
Zerda. W — M e d in a (4-5). L — R iv e r a ()-4). H R — 
Lan ie r: F re d d y M e d in a (2), first, solo. 

C U R R E N T S T A N D I N G S 
Jefferson 5-o, L a n ie r 4-1, E d iso n a n d H o u sto n 
3-2, H ig h la n d s and W heatley 2-3, B u rb a n k 1-4, F o x 
Tech o-5. 
District 32-AAAA 

S A N M A R C O S 4, R O O S E V E L T I 
Roosevelt 
IOO OOO o — I 
o 
2 
San M a rc o s 
o1o o3o x — 4 
8 
2 
Sp e ar, T a la m a n te s (5) and K le in fe ld e r; Pete 
Q uintero and Robert Quintero. W — Pete Q u in te ro 
(6-3). L — Sp e ar (6-4). 
Highlights: 
Pete Q uintero w alked th re e b atte rs in the first inning and g a ve up a ru n on a squeeze bunt, but set the district-leading R o u g h R id e rs up a n d d ow n after that. Jo e M o o n m a n a g e d the sacrifice to d rive hom e the lone R o o se ve lt run. 
Quintero, a sophom ore, w alked six a n d stru c k out three w hile h urling h is no-hitter. F ra n k C o n tre ra s, 
San M a rc o s first b ase m an w ho had a n R B I sin g le in the second, save d Q u in te ro 's no-hitter with a lu nging g ra b of a line d rive in the R o o se ve lt sixth. 
Tony W alker had a ru n -sco rin g sin g le in the fifth for Sa n M a rc o s. K eith H a n e s a d d e d a tw o-ru n double for the Rattlers. 

C H U R C H I L L 2, S E G U I N o 
C h urchill 
IOO OOO ) — 2 
5 
I 
Seauin 
OOO OOO o — o 
2 
2 
G ilboux and Ellev. W undt and T rista n , H ill (6). 
W - G ilboux (5-o). L - W undt (o-4). C h u rc h ill scored their first run on an e rro r b v the Se g u in rightfielder. The run cam e with tw o ou ts in the inning. " 
C L E M E N S 3, L E E I 
C lem ens 
IOO oo2 o — 3 
4 
I 
Lee 
81o OOO o - 
I 
5 
I 
M a h a n y and Corbett; C le m e n s, G r e m m e r (6) a n d B e c k m a n . W — M a h a n y (6-4). L — C le m e n s 
(4-8). Butts d raw two bases-loaded w a lk s in sixth to b reak tie. 

C U R R E N T S T A N D I N G S 
R o o se ve lt 9-3, C h u rc h ill 8 4, M a c A r t h u r a n d 
C le m e n s 7-5, Le e 6 6. Sa il M a r c o s 5-7. A la m o 
H eights and Seguin 3 9 
13-AAA West Zone 
K E R R V I L L E T I V Y 5, 
F R E D E R I C K S B U R G I 
F 'b u rg 
o1o OOO o — 
1 5 
3 
T ivy ' 
oo2 3oo x — 5 6 
o 
G ro n a and W illiam s; Sm ith and W ay. W — Sm ith 
(6 2). L — G ro n a (2-4). Jo h n n y W ay, hitting close to 
.4oo, cra sh e d three hits, includ ing a doub le a n d a pair of two-run singles. 
S O U T H S A N W E S T 4, 
C R Y S T A L C I T Y o 
C rysta l City 
OOO OOO o — o 
3 
I 
So. San W est 
OOO 22o o — 4 
7 
2 
Rodriguez and T re vin o ; L a F o ss e a n d C a rro ll, 
R e in h ard (5). W — L a F o sse (6-3). L — R o d rig u B e z 
(3-4). R ic k v L a F o sse aided own c a u se w ith triple and ftB I; A lex C antu had 2-2 a n d an R B I and 
R ic h a rd M onita a double and run batted in. 

C U R R E N T S T A N D I N G S 
U valde 8-1, K e rrv ille T iv y 6-3, Sou th S a n W est 
6-4, Southw est 5-4, C a rriz o S p rin g s 4-5, C ry sta l City 
2-8, F re d e ric k sb u rg 1-7. 
S A T U R D A Y ’S G A M E S 
District 28-AA 
Som erset at M e d in a Valley, 7:3o. 
Non-District 
Ju dson vs. Central Catholic, O lm o s, IO a rn. . . 
Finland rolls 
VIENNA (AP) — Finland defeated 
Romania 4-2 in Vienna’s Stadthalle 
Friday for its second victory in the 
World lee Hockey Championships. 
After Finland had taken a 2-o lead in the first period, the Romanians pulled to within one and swarmed around the 
Finnish goal. But the Finns rode out the pressure and put the game out of reach by scoring two goals within a minute early in the final period. 
Finland’s goals were scored by Esa 
Peltonen, Jukka Porvari, Timo Sutin- en and Pertiti Koivulahti. 
The Romanians, promoted from the 
B Pool this year, have lost all six of their games 
D A V IS 

MENS 
STAG 

 c 

 invites you to the 
F R O N T IE R 
H O T E L 
Las Vega s. Nev. 
W ednesday, M a y 4 , 19 7 7 
14 hour M ini-Jun ket to Las V ega s____ J 
Hop on our special jet charter from the San Antonio Airport and in less than 3 hours we ll set you 

 down in fabulous Los Vegas. Enjoy 8 action packed hours at the gam ing tables, leave late af­ ternoon one day and return home the next m orning before work storts. 

 f 
N OTI 1*1.1 >11'lVIW IN Y T O V O ! 

• D e lu x e round trip air tra n sp o rta tio n 
• In fligh t o p e n b ar an d inner 
• U n lim ite d cocktails at the casino (w h ile g a m b lin g ) 
• Bus T ran sp orta tio n to a n d fro m the casino 
• B re a k fa st an d open b a r on the return fligh t 
A dults O ve r A g e 21 O nly 

W ednesday, M a y 4 from San Antonio 
Call 71 3-441 -26o1 c 
DAVIS TOURS 
P.O. BO X 361 
HUMBLE, TEX. 77338 

N o Credit Necessary — Just bring $ 5 o o cash to play with, a $ 4 o Reserve* tion Fee Confirms your reservation on a first come-first serve basis. 

For further inform ation Call Paul Clergy, 7 1 3 -4 4 1 -2 6 o 1 a 

Judge chides 
Kuhn 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
ATLANTA — A federal judge chided Baseball Commissioner 
Bowie Kuhn on Friday for im­ posing different penalties on baseball club executives ac­ cused of violating the same player “ tampering” rules. 

But Kulm insisted from the witness stand that the circumstances were vastly different when he fined St. Louis 
Cardinals President August A. Busch 
•Jr. $5,o(1o in September and when he suspended Atlanta Braves Owner Ted 
Turner for one year in December. 
The testimony came during the final day of hearings on a suit by the Atlanta ball club challenging Turner’s su­ spension. 
Over 
The hearing ended Friday afternoon with U.S. District Court Judge Newell 
Edenfield taking the matter under ad­ visement. He gave attorneys until May 
9 to submit proposed conclusions of law. 
The brash Atlanta club owner, who 
Thursday threatened to present an op­ posing attorney with a “ knuckle sand­ wich,’’ was more subdued at the con­ clusion of the case. 
Turner, a millionaire sportsman w ho also owns controlling interest in the 
National Basketball Association’s At­ lanta Hawks, refused to comment about the case, but said it has already changed his impulsive style of owner­ ship. 
“ It’s hard to be quite as enthusiastic with all the problems that exist that I didn’t know about (when he purchased the club in early 197H,” Turner said. 
But he added: “ That’s not going to stop me from being enthusiastic.’’ 
Charge 
Turner was accused of violating free-agent draft rules by mentioning salary terms before baseball’s Nov. 4 re-entry draft. Besides being suspend­ ed, Turner’s team also was forced to forfeit its first-round choice in the amateur draft in June. 
At one point Friday, Edenfield re­ ferred to Kulm as a “ benevolent de­ spot’’ and later wondered “ about the fairness of your benevolency.” 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Saturday April 3o I 977 

Lots o f expecting 

TED TURNER arrive s for F riday hearing 

Constrasting the penalties Kuhn handed out to the two club owners, 
Edenfield remarked, “ You say that’s being a benevolent despot?” 
Kuhn replied, “ I'd hesitate to put it in those words,” but said Turner’s cocktail party remarks that he would outbid the San Francisco Giants for the services of outfielder Gary Matthews were more serious than Busch’s com­ ments that he would ask his board for 
$2 million to $3 million to bid for free agents in the Nov. 4 draft. 
Edenfield asked Kuhn if he were familiar with “ the justified furor in the federal courts about disparate sentences? Half of the problems in our jails are created by disparate sen­ tence, where one place provides pro­ bation and in another place the sen­ tence is 5-1o years. That generates trouble. 
“ I suggest to you that but for dis­ parate sentences (in the tampering cases) you wouldn’t be here,” said 
Edenfield. 
Kuhn said Busch’s comments came after he had issued the first of several directives admonishing club owners not to negotiate with free agents before the draft, while Turner’s followed the issuance of an entire series of direc­ tives. 
Guilty 
In addition, the Braves had been found guilty earlier in the season of attempting to tamper with Matthews, and the club dismissed the executive involved, he said. 
He said Turner’s was “ an aggravat­ ed case, a reckless ignoring of the dir­ ectives with full knowledge...(the 
Braves) were misbehaving.” 
Kuhn said he felt it imperative to impose severe sanctions against vio­ lating the tampering rules because the 

AP WIREPHOTO 
1976 season was the first in which free agents were available to the open market under a new collective bar­ gaining agreement signed by the players and clubs. 
Under the agreement, players who serve out their option year with a club and do not sign a new contract are eligible to sign contracts with others clubs which compete for negotiation rights with those free agents during the re-entry draft. 
Club owners were nervous about how the new system would work out and whether it would affect the “ stability of the game, the competitive balance, the financial integrity and the integri­ ty, itself, of the game,” said Kuhn, 
He admitted under questioning from 
Edenfield that Turner’s comments about outbidding the Giants for 
Matthews’ services did not upset the free-agent draft, but said the system is still new and such comments could have an adverse effect on it. 
Clear 
Edenfield also made it clear he was concerned with Kuhn’s decision be­ cause it deprived Turner of his pro­ perty. 
On cross-examination by Turner’s attorneys, Kuhn was asked if he had considered the fact that Turner’s re­ mark to Giants owner Bob Lurie came in a cocktail party setting and that 
Turner has since described it as being intended facetiously. 
“ I ’m aware that was true but you have to put that in the context of the baseball business,” said Kuhn. “ Ines­ capably, there is a good bit of business carried on by people who have been drinking. But if I made special rules for people who had been drinking and for people who had not been drinking, this business would be a shambles.” 

Continued from page IE 

 have been quite well. It takes me a longer time to get warmed up, but once 
I get warmed up everything is all right.” 
Jay and Cheryl hope fate has it that they will be paired should both qualify for the finals. 
“ We would really enjoy it if we hap­ pened to be paired,” Jay said. “ We certainly would like to be paired, it would be quite an experience and, of course, we would have a good time. If either of us has to strike out in the 1oth in the qua­ lifying round to be paired, we will do it. 
“ The only time we’ve bowled together was in Los Angeles in 
1974 in a semi-pro tournament, we wer­ en’t married at the time. We won that tournament. 
That 
PAGE could be a good omen for this tourna­ ment, if we’re paired. 

“ The other time we bowled together was in the AME Grand Prix in Detriot last December,” Jay added. “ We weren’t partners but we bowled to­ gether — she finished 1oth, and I fin­ ished 17th." 

The Robinsons will take time out from painting and repairing their newly-bought house in Van Nuys, Ca­ lif., to come to San Antonio. The 
Ilo c k o y 

NATIONAL H O C KEY L E A G U E 
P L A Y O F F S 
All Times CDT 
Semifinals 
Best-of-Seven 
Thursday’s Games 
New York Islanders 5, Montreal 3. 
Montreal leads series 2 1 
Boston 2, Philadelphia I. Boston leads series 3-o 
Saturday's Game 
Montreal at New York Islanders, 7:o5 p rn 
Sunday’s Game 
Philadelphia at Boston, 6:35 p m 

Tuesday, May 3 
New York Islanders at Montreal, it necessary 
Boston at Philadelphia, 7:o5 p rn , if necessary 
Thursday, May 5 
Montreal at New York Islanders, 7:o5 p rn , 
Philadelphia at Boston, 7:o5 p rn if necessary 
Saturday, May 7 
New York Islanders at Montreal, 7:o5 p m , if necessary 
Sunday, May 8 
Boston at Philadelphia, 6.o5 p rn , if necessary 

W O RLD H O CKEY ASSOCIATION 
P L A Y O FF S 
All Times COT 
Semifinals 
Best-of-Seven 
Thursday's Games 
Houston 7, Winnipeg 2; Series tied at l l. 
Quebec 6, Indianapolis 5, OT; Quebec leads series 
3 o 
Saturday's Games 
Quebec at Indianapolis, 7 p m 
Houston at Winnipeg, 8 p rn 
Sunday's Game 
Houston at Winnipeg, 7:3o p in 

 couple, who have been married for a year and a half, are in the process of moving from Culver City, Calif. 
“ We’ve talked about being paired,” 
Cheryl said. “ We just bought a new- house, and with the expectancy of a new arrival, the money would certainly help. It would be nice to be paired and win. 
“ It will be the luck of the draw and how we bowl, if we hope to be bowling together. I hope we can both make the 

< »oir 

OAK H ILLS 
Results of Wom en's Golf A sso ciatio n Club championship: 
18-Hole Medalist: Reno Mae Winston, 86. 9-Hole 
Medalist: 
Katie Zuehl, 5o. 
Championship Flight: 
Ern e Day del. Terry 
Thomasini, I ud, 2o holes. 
Consolation: 
Janet 
Surber del. Kav Sykes. 4 and 3. 
First Flight: 
Bobby W orrich del. Edith Dossmon, 4 and 3. 
. 
Consolation,: 
M ary Dee Starnes def. W ilm a 
Center, 4 and 3. Second Flight: 
Tommy Gemmer def. Carol Wilder, 3 and 2. 
Consolation: 
Jon 
McCullick def. Willeiia Nabors, 2 and I. 
9-Hole 
Flight: U Judy Paddock def. Katie Zuehl, 2 and I. 
Consolation: 
Wilma U rauahart, def. Louise 
Browning, 2 and I. 

 top IO, then we’ll go from there. 
“ If I recall correctly, the people were very friendly and the lanes con­ ditions were great at Wonder Bowl,” said Cheryl, who, as Miss Korn insky, bowled an exhibition with Dick Ritger last year at Wonder Bowl. “ I’m really looking forward for the tournament.” 
Ja y is quite impressed with the 
Spectacular. 
’ 
“ It’s a great event,” Jay said. “ It’s one of the few tournaments where men and women pros can compete together, and it shows how- good the women really are. The women have proven themselves the last couple of years that they are good bowlers. 

“ If Cheryl and I both qualify in the same position, it would be great — she could hold me up.” 
The Robinsons are coming — all three, and maybe four (?), of them. 
Hopefully, they can all be together on the same lanes during the Spectacular. 

CONRAD 

.W /a 

Va 
AAI OLAND 

W 
I M 
T E R N 
A 
T I O 
N 
A 
C 
Communications Division 

I U 
' 
$ 
95 

HOFFM AN T O U RN EY 
The second annual Irene Hot! man Memorial Golf Tournament is scheduled Friday at Bracken­ ridge. Mrs. Hoffman, known as 
"Jh e Duchess ", was the founder of the San Antonio Women s Golf 
A sso ciatio n in 1932. G eorg e 
Hoffman, Irene's husband who redesigned the Bracken rid g e course, will present the winner of the tournament with a trophy.. 

P U B LIN X Q U A LIFY IN G 
Sectional qualifying for the first U.S. W om en's Am ateur 
Pu blic Links Golf Champion ships, scheduled June 29 through 
Ju ly 3 in M adison, W is., is scheduled in Houston June 7. 
For information in S A., call Mrs. 
Garnet Bogan at 824-91oo. 

A id e picked 

OTTAWA 
(A F ) 
- 
Roger Rousseau, com­ missioner-general of the 
1976 Olympic Summer 
Games in Montreal and president of the Games’ 
Organizing Committee, was appointed ambassa­ dor to Venezuela, Cana­ da’s Externals Affairs 
Department said. 

Rousseau, 56, was am­ bassador to Cameroon from 197o to 1972. 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
W THM OM Y SAVERY 
WHERE CASH BUYS 
AT WHOLESALE 
5oo c n r i n u 
oPEN 
SEGUIN mon.-sat 

7:3o TO 5 

T ak e N e w Brau n fe ls 
Ava. Exit Off t-35-N M - la w A cc a ** R e a d Ta 
A A R C O S ig n . T u rn 
R ig h t ta S e g u in Rd. 
Then Left Te Our Gate 

SAVE 

MONEY 
ON 
ROOFING 
■ ria 

24o# 
Seoldown Roofing 
14.95 
SQUARE 

You Can’t Buy Better Quality Roofing 

Than Our Tamko Brand— Period 

Colors same price as white 

I GOSS Ctn. 
9o# ROOFING 
3o# OR 15# FELT 
7.29 
ROLL 

STEER ASPHAIT 
5.99 
Best Quality 
Red Mist, Green Mist, Cedar Wood Blend, Brown Mist, White. 

BA R G A IN 
BIG, H AN D SO M E SO G A I. WHITE 
O A K W H ISKEY BARRELS 

I 
14.95 EA. 

2 FOR 28.oo 
IO FOR 155.oo 

(CUT IN Vt AND HOOPS NAILED $2.oo 

PER BARREL) 

PLANTERS 
BARREL FURNITURE 

CHAIRS AND TABLES 

WATER BARRELS 

 e STRAWBERRY BARRELS 

 e DOG HOUSES 

 e VARIOUS HOBBY 

IDEAS 
FINEST FOR M A K IN G HOME WINE & CIDER 

EXCELLENT FENCING 
TREATED 
YELLO W PINE 
PANELS - 6’X 6’ — $17.95 eu. 

POSTS— 5” (Dia. Pointed— 8’— 
S4.89 
(F IG U R E S $ 3 .8 1 / F O O T ) 

PRICES G O O D THRU M A Y 5TH 

EA. 

DITTMAR 
5oo SEGUIN ROAD 
226-3141 

MODEL # 13893-FR 

♦INSTALLATION AVAILABLE 

Midland deluxe SSB/AM mobile delivers maximum power on AM and single sideband 

Features full operating and performance controls. EQ UIPPED to use I 2- volt DC only, positive or negative ground. 

Proven one of the quietest and most rugged fuli-power, 23-channel mobiles 
M idland’s ever offered. 
8 8 

MODEL # I 3882-BFR 
♦INSTALLATION AVAILABLE 

“BEAT THE HEAT” 

SPECIAL PRICE 
WITH CUSTOM IN DASH CAR 
AIRCONDITIONER 

$ ' 
88 

 m 
♦INSTALLATION 
AVAILABLE 

Most American cars & trucks, foreign cars & sub­ compact slightly higher. 

$AVE$ O N GAS 
A ND FATIGUE 

CRUISE CONTROL 

CRAIG IN DASH 
STEREO *99 

95 
INSTALLATION 
AVAILABLE. 

FOREIGN CARS 

SLIGHTLY HIGHER. 

# S 6 o o 
95 ♦INSTALLATION 
AVAILABLE 

Reg. 
$129.95 

♦ YOU CAN CHARGE 

o N _ 

MERICAKO 

SIZES ARE BROKEN, BUT INCLUDES 

OUR FAMOUS RANGE, FROM 38-6o IN 
REGULARS, LONGS, EXTRA-LONGS, 
PORTLY, SHORT PO RTLY,LONG PORTLY. 

L A Y A W A Y FOR THAT G RADU ATIO N GIFT N O W !! 

Were 59.5o to 25o.oo $29.$79 

 famous make 
SUITS some w vests 
$59 
$69 
$79 seq 

Were 165.oo -175.oo 
\ o % f 
>99 

Were 125.oo - HQ OO 

Were 145.oo _ 16o.oo. 
• NO ALTERATIONS 

• ALL SALES FINAL 

• SHOP THURSDAYS 1o 8 
OTHER WEEKDAYS & SATURDAYS 
1o:oo to 5:3o 

Were 185.oo up 

4515 FREDERICKSBURG ROAD-MAJOR CREDIT CARDS - 734-72o9 - 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday April 3o I 977 
A li 

 i i I i t . 
'c n m x r 

 w ins 

CHICAGO (AP) — A $4 million da­ mage suit against Muhammad Ali was dismissed Friday by a federal judge, who said there was “ mutual abandon­ m ent" of the contract for a match betw een the heavyw eight boxing champion and Duane Bobick. 
Last November, Ali signed a $225,(WM) contract with Madison Square Garden 
Boxing Inc., to fight Bobick in New 
York in February. 
AH had announced earlier he was retiring from the ring. But he said he agreed to the fight because he was 
“ pressed for money as a result of his alimony obligations.” 
Teddy B re n n e r, G arden m a tc h ­ m a k e r, had first contacted A li’s manager, Herbert Muhammad, about the fight. “ M uham mad refused to make any commitment for Ali but told 
Brenner that the decision to fight or not to fight' was Ali’s,” said Judge 
John Powers Crowley of U.S. District 
Court. 
When Ali signed the contract, he was paid $125,ooo for training expenses. 
The money was returned in January after Ali contended “ that he didn’t have the capacity to enter into the agreem ent without the approval of 
Muhammad,” the judge said. 

King takes aides back 

CLIFF W ILEY of Kansas breaks the string in the 
Texas A & M 's Curtis Dickey second and North Tex- 
44o-yard relay preliminary, but his team was dis- as J.T. Hollins third. Action is part of Drake Relays, qualified for a lane violation. Alfred McCullough of 
— AP Wirephoto 
Jackson State, left, was awarded first place with 
Ring series shuts down 

NEW YORK (AP) - The recent investigations of the U.S. Boxing 
Cham pionships, prom oted by Don 
King for ABC-TV, have forced another boxing series off the air. 
World Television Cham pions, a weekly ‘series originated by m atch­ maker Don Elbaum and shown in most major m arkets on an independent network put together by WTC Presi­ dent Hank Schwartz, has suspended its telecasts indefinitely. 
The to u rn am en t, scheduled to 

 stretch over 25 weeks, will continue, and Schwartz hopes to resum e the telecasts in September. 
“ We have canceled our telecasts for time being because of the bad press boxing has been getting,” Schwartz said Friday. “ Boxing as a sport in general has been painted in a rather bad light. 

“ Our advertisers have adopted a wait and see attitude. We believe it will clear up in a few weeks, and as of now 

 we are planning to pick up the TV with our last five championship fights, starting in late September.” 
Schwartz said viewer and sponsor response to the WTC tournament has been good, but the investigations of the troubled U.S. Boxing Championships have put the entire sport in a bad light. 

“ There are some rotten apples in the barrel that have to be culled out,” 
Schwartz said. “ It’s unfortunate that the good get hurt along with the bad.” 

NEW YORK (AP) - 
Don King has reinstated the three assistants he suspended over a week ago amidst controversy concerning the U.S. Box­ ing Championships, the tournament sponsored by 
King which was halted by 
ABC Television earlier this month. 
Boxing experts Paddy 
Flood and Al Braverman, w ho serve Don King Pro­ ductions Inc. as indepen­ dent con su ltan ts, and public relations assistant 
Gordon Peterson were rein stated F rid a y by 
King a fte r being s u ­ spended from th e ir duties last week. 
“ I deeply apologize to my three friends for my thou ghtless, hasty ac tion,” King said. “ Where 
I have castigated those who have pre-judged me in recent weeks, I now realize that I have com­ mitted the same grievous wrong to Paddy, Al and 
Gordon by my failure to judge a man. innocent until proven guilty.” 
ED R R A S B BPI NING 

FREE DOOR PRIZES! I OF SA N 
FACTORY REPS.ON 
HAND! H UND REDS 
OF U N A D VERTISED 
SPECIALS THROUGH 
I — OUT STORE!! 

A N T O N IO S N E W E S T E L E C T R O N IC S S U P E R M A R K E T ! 

T H U R S & FRI 1o-1o 

THESE G RAN D 
OPENING SPECIALS GOOD AT NEW LOCATION ONLY!! 
SA T 9-6 

S E H 

JBL L-26 

 t w o -w a y b o o k s h e l f 
S P E A K E R — T H E M O S T 

P O P U L A R J B L M O D E L . 
IN N A T U R A L O A K 

W IT H B L U E , B R O W N , O R 

O R A N G E G R IL L E . 

Reg. 168.oo 

TECHNICS by Panasonic 
RS-263AUS 

T O P L O A D S T E R E O C A S S E T T E R E C O R D / P L A Y 

T A P E D E C K W IT H D O L B Y N O IS E R E D U C T IO N , 

M E M O R Y R E W IN D , C O U N T E R R E S E T , B IA S 

S W IT C H , A N D M O R E ! 

PIONEER PL-115D 

W H IL E T H E Y L A S T ! 

O N E P E R C U S T O M E R ! 

N O R A IN C H E C K S ! 

 a u t o - r e t u r n b e l t - d r i v e 
TU RN TABLE W ITH 4-P O LE S Y N C H R O N O U S M O TO R , 

S-SH APED PIPE A R M W ITH A N T I-S K A T IN G , W A LN U T 

G R A IN V IN Y L W R A P P ED BASE A N D 

DUST CO V ER INCLUDED. 

A - 

TECHNICS by Panasonic 
SA-85ooX 

Impressive specifications and e x c 'u s .v e fe a t u r e s h ^ light this powerful Technics receiver. The S A J . T O X produces a superb 8o watts per channel R M S at 8 

 ohm s in 2 channel. 26 R M S watts at 8 9 h<™ 
4 channel, both modes from 2o-2o.ooo Hz with no 

 more than o.5% total harmonic distortion. 

W a s 1 9 9 .9 5 
139.95 

Reg. 125.oo 
89.95 
399.95 

A U DIO VO X COAXIAL 
SPEAKERS 

129.oo 

BSR 2ooBAX 

D E L U X E B E L T - D R IV E 

C H A N G E R W IT H 
C O U N T E R W E IG H T , C U E , 

S -S H A P E D A R M , S T A C K S 

U P T O 6 R E C O R D S 
W IT H B A S E , D U S T 

C O V E R , A N D 

C A R T R ID G E . 

I 

PACE 143 

M A X IM U M T A L K P O W E R F R O M 

M IN IM U M S IZ E . S U P E R R U G G E D 
23-CHANNEL C B G O E S A N Y W H E R E ! 

WHILE THEY LAST!! 49.95 

S u n ra y 

PEARCE-SIMPSON 
TOMCAT 23 

SUPER SENSITIVE 23-CHANNEL 
CB UNIT WITH BUILT IN A.N.L.- 
KEEPS INTERFERENCE DOWN! 

S /R F M E T E R , P O S O R N E G G R O U N D . 

PEARCE-SIMPSON 
BOBCAT 23 

S O L ID S T A T E S U P E R S E N S IT IV E 

C B U N IT F E A T U R E S F IN E T U N IN G 

P O R W E A K S IG N A L S ; B IG S /R F 

M E T E R , P O S O R N E G G R O U N D . 

Reg. 139.95 
59.95 

Reg. 189.95 
79.95 

Reg. 139.95 
99.95 
KEEP IN TOUCH ON THE GO 

AUDIOVO X CO1D-69-2o 

G e t beautiful car stereo sound from these 6 x 9 co ax­ ial speakers complete with lead wires and grilles. 2 o oz. 

M agnets! 

REG. $44.95 
2 9 . 9 5 p. 

CH AN N EL M ASTER 
AE-6811 

IN -D A S H S T E R E O 8 -T R A C K T A P E P L A Y E R 

W IT H P U S H B U T T O N A M /F M S T E R E O R A D IO . 

D IA L -IN - D O O R . L O C A L / D IS T A N T FM 

S W IT C H , A L L IN D IC A T O R L IG H T S ! 

CRAIG 351 GB 

IN -D A S H C A S S E T T E S T E R E O T A P E 
P L A Y E R W IT H A M /F M S T E R E O A N D 

W E A T H E R B A N D . P U S H B U T T O N 

T U N IN G , A U T O T A P E E JEC T , 

M A T R IX W IT H F A D E R . F A C T O R Y 
REFU R BISH ED-G U A RA N T EED 

L IK E N EW ! 

CHANNEL MASTER 
HR 6872 

P U S H B U T T O N S T E R E O 
8 -T R A C K c a r t r i d g e 
P L A Y E R / R E C O R D E R 

W IT H A M /F M A N D 2 
B A S S -P O R T S P E A K E R S 

 j r r T 

8 

■ 

PIONEER HPM-4o 

3-W AY, 3 - D R IV E R 

S T E R E O S P E A K E R 

W IT H H IG H P O L Y M E R 

M O L E C U L A R F IL M 

S U P E R T W E E T E R . 

CHANNEL MASTER 
AE 68o2 

C O M P A C T S T E R E O S T R A C K T A P E 

P L A Y E R F O R U N D E R D A S H M O U N T . 

S L ID IN G V O L U M E , T O N E 

C O N T R O L S . 

Reg. 149.95 
99.95 
Reg. 169.95 
99.95 
Reg. 149.95 
99.95 

Q U A N T IT IE S 

Reg. 15o.oo 
99.95 
Reg. 39.95 
19.95 

SPECIALSSBEL 

TECHN ICS by Panasonic 
SA-5o6o 

A M / F M S T E R E O R E C E IV E R P R O D U C E S 
12 W A T T S 
P E R 
C H A N N E L 
M IN IM U M 
R M S A T 8 O H M S . F R O M 4o-2o,ooo HZ, 
W IT H N O M O R E T H A N o.9% T.H.D. 

G A RR A R D 99oB 

M U L T IP L E P L A Y B E L T - D R IV E 

T U R N T A B L E W IT H B A S E , D U S T 

C O V E R , W IT H S H U R E M -9 1 E D 

C A R T R ID G E 

* ‘• I ? ’ 

PIONEER SX-55o 

A M /F M S T E R E O 
R E C E IV E R 
H A S 2o W A T T S 
P E R C H A N N E L , M IN IM U M R M S A T 8 O H M S , 
F R O M 2o-2o,ooo HZ, W IT H N O M O R E T H A N 
o.3% T O T A L H A R M O N IC D IS T O R T IO N . 

ELITE 45 

T H R E E -W A Y 
S T E R E O 

S P E A K E R 

W IT H 12 -IN C H 

W O O F E R 

5 Y E A R W A R R A N T Y 

Reg. 99.95 

!LU- 

Reg. 169,95 
129.95 
*••'””159.95 
Reg. 25o.oo 
199.95 
59.95 

CLASSIC L-65o 

T H R E E -W A Y STEREO 
SP EA K ER W IT H A 

T W E L V E -IN C H W O O F E R 
5 -Y E A R W A R R A N T Y 

Reg. 199.95 
119.95 

SWB IRK-7o8 

IN D A S H A M / F M S T E R E O R A D IO 

W IT H 8 -T R A C K S T E R E O P L A Y E R 

Reg. 99.95 
69.95 

J.t.L. 6o4 

IN -D A S H A M /F M /M P X R A D IO W IT H 

S T E R E O C A S S E T T E P L A Y E R 

Reg. 99.95 

ELECTROLERT FUZZBUSTER 

R A D A R R E C E IV E R - 

P U T O N Y O U R D A S H , 

D R IV E R E L A X E D ! 
69.95 
ST E R L IN G 
SOUND. 

Reg. 1o9.95 89.95 

KOSS 
KO-727B 

S T E R E O H E A D P H O N E S - 

C O IL E D C O R D , P A D D E D 

E A R C U P S 

Reg .3 4.95 l 
9 
, 
9 
5 

3M SCOTCH 
SC-9o 2-Bag 

T W O 9 o -M IN U T E 

C A S S E T T E S 

P L A S T IC 

S T O R A G E 

B O X E S 

Reg. 6.98 

3M SCOTCH 
. yfi 
S 8T 9o 2-Bag ~ Ap* 

TW O 

9 o -M IN U T E 

8 T R A C K 

C A R T R ID G E S 

Reg. 5.98 
4.99 
3.99 

OPEN 3 NIGHTS AWEEK! 
MON, THURS, FRI 1o-9; 
TUES & WED 1o-6; SAT 9-6 

717 N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-8111 
14o7 S.W. MILITARY DR 
924-5951 
411 PAT BOOKER RD. 
658-7o77 
( U N IV E R S A L C IT Y ) 

4933 WALZEM RD. 
654-6o26 

46oo SAN PEDRO 
735-9173 
O P E N S U N D A Y 
12 
- 6 
M O N T H R U FRI 
1oam 7pm 
CLOSED SATURDAY 

J& '’ i'* V ' ^ 
" 

3M SCOTCH 
2o7% R-9o 

R E E L - T O - R E E L % " 

R E C O R D IN G T A P E 

Reg. 7.49 
4.99 

2o7 ’/. R 9o 

♦ X 9 X 9 X 9 X 9 E 3 

Q U A N TITIES LIM ITED! 
NO D E A L E R S PLEASE! 

Locking handle for no splatter cooking. 
Easy to clean, non stick cook­ ing surface. 
Sugg. Retail 
$15.95 

M IN I- 
FRYING 
MACHINE 

French fried food for I, 2 or 3 people, store cooking oil in unit. Teflon lined for non-stick, non-stain, easy clean cooking. 
Sugg, Ret. $15.95 
9 9 

OSTER “HYDROLAX” 
FOOT MASSAGE 
Refresh your tired feet and aching legs. Provides soothing an a relaxing 
"w ater in m otion " m as­ sage. Use with or without water. Stand up in unit for full b ody m assage. 
Use for arm and wrist m assage. 
Sugg. Ret. $22.95 

FOOD PROCESSOR 

The Gourm et’s Basic Tool. 
Ifs the revolutionary new processor that everyone’s talking about! A powerful court tertop miracle 
. i t cuts, chops, pores, slices, blends. It grinds meat. And ice. ll will lorn peanuts into fresh, oozy peanut but­ ter. See what it does for vegetables. . . and sauces. It also grates cheese. It shreds. And purees. The Food Processor has rapidly become the indispensable gourmet machine 
... versatile, work-saving, reliable, compact, fun! Truly, it turns a cook into a chef (baker? see what you en do with dough!) 
Sturdily constructed of 
General Electric lexan . . . it comes com­ plete with 4 blades (3 of stainless steel). 

DO N ’T PAY 
____ 
$225.FoR .S*yflAO 9 

A FOREIGN 
o l f 

BRAND. 

Not 
Exactly As 

Illustrated 

QUICK DRIP 

Autom atic coffee m akers! 

Asst. sizes, quantities limited. 

286-145,146 
2-1o cup 

286-13o, 131 
2-8 Cup 
WHILE THEY LAST 

Sugg. Ret. $43.95 to $49.95 
Y O U R CHOICE 
» » 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
NoRELCo MICRO-WAVE 
DEMONSTRATION SAT. 11-5 
Broadway 

M icro* ive Oven with Dial-A-M eal. 
• Oial-A-Mcal indicates the exact cooking limes foe almost anything you want to make. 

Automatic dual power — law 245 Walt for 
Automatic Defrost and delicate foods and 6oo 
Watt for full microwave power. 
• Bell signals end of cooking lime and the oven shuts off automatically. 
• large capacify easy to chan stainless steal oven. 
• Oven light stays on during cooking cycle. 
• Attractive woodgrain and chrome design will compliment any kitchen decor. 
(omprehendisve 143 page lull color illustrated recipe book included. 

Steel Tennis 
Racket 

Quantizes Limited s O flf# 

R4ooo 

Sugg. Ret. $ 429. 
279 

OVER­ 
SIZE 
LEGAL 
RACKET 

Newest Design. 5o% more 

 hitting area. 
Three times 

 larger sweet spot. 
Make 

 shots you’ve never made 

 before. 
Choose steel or 

 aluminum . 
^ c 

Don’, Pay » 
J 
,$3o, to $7o. o 3 
I 
J l 

OVER-SIZE 

BUT STILL 

LEGAL. . . 

5 o % More 

Hitting Area. 

TENNIS 

BALLS 

 per can with each oversize racket purchase. a* 

 rn 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EMPLOYMENT • ANNOUNCEMENTS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• MERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC & LEGAL NOTICE 
• AUTOMOTIVE • RECREATIONAL 

SEE THE “GOLDEN T W IN S” FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL A N D MOBILE HOME ADS 

E X P R E S S - N E M n 
Page 
I -F 

Motoring 

Saturday April 3o 1977 

M O T O R T O W N C O R P . e m p lo y e e x p e r t ly in stalls the distinctive brushed alum inum ta rg a b a n d on the sp orty 1 9 7 7 A M C H ornet A M X 
Customizing firm, ^ 
C make AMX eye-catcher 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
STURTEVANT, Wis. - American Mo­ tors’ popular new Hornet AMX is the eye-catching result of a joint effort by the automaker and Motortown Corp., a leader in car customizing on a mass-produetion basis. 
The AMX is a derivative of the Hornet hatchback model. 

Bodies are produced at AMC’s massive auto-building complex in nearby Kenosha and brought to Motortown’s facility here for the addition of a package which completely changes the appearance of the car. 
Targeted primarily for the young, per­ formance-oriented buyer, the AMX in­ cludes such factory-installed items as rally instrumentation with tachometer, painted bumpers, floor console, sports steering wheel, styled road wheels with 
AUTOMOTIVE BUIPtAT 

DR78 x 14 black radial tires, front sway bar, four-speed manual transmission and a 258 cubic inch six-cylinder engine or optional 3o4 V-8. 
Al Motortown. workers add a brushed aluminum targa band with special insig­ nia over the center of the roofline. A hinged louver panel is installed over the baculite. An air dam is installed under the front of the AMX and fender flares are attached to the front and rear wheel openings. 
Motortown also adds such items as black rubber body side scuff moldings, 
AMX body side and interior graphics, black outer door frames and a blacked-out rear central panel. 
As many as 8o Hornet AMX’s have been customized by Motortown in a single day since production got under way last fall. 
Mike 
Mulroy, 
Motortown plant manager, said his company has done 

~AU toM gTiV t fejSPULT 

Smith Chem ilet spans 62 years 

 customizing work for all four U.S. auto manufacturers since the firm was estab­ lished in 1975. 
He said Motortown picks models from each of the Big Four car makers and ex-' periments with a variety of custom ap­ plications at its prototype shop in Dear­ born, Midi. 
When satisfied that it has significantly enhanced the appearance of a model, 
Motortown goes to the manufacturer with its custom design proposal. 

In the case of the Hornet AMX, Ameri­ can Motors was impressed with Motor­ town’s basic design and production began after some refinements by AMC de­ signers. 
The Hornet AMX became an overnight success in the marketplace and produc­ tion schedules were adjusted upward to meet the demand. 

Ask to speak to Mr. Roy Smith at 
Smith Motor Co., 1221 Broadway, and you will be asked, “Which Roy 
Smith please?” 
You see there are currently three gen­ erations of Smiths active in the business. 
Roy Smith started in the Chevrolet bu­ siness in 1915. At 91 he is still very much on the scene and part of Smith Motor Co. 
His son Roy C. Smith joined the firm in 
1939 and is still active. 
The third generation is represented by 
Roy F. Smith, grandson of the founder. 
When the elder Smith began selling motor cars, he worked for Jack W. Neal hardware, implements and vehicles. 
When the Chevrolet came on the mar­ ket, a company was formed with Jack W. 
Neal, Jack C. Neal and Roy Smith to sell the automobiles. 
Relationship disliked 

In 1922, the Neals decided they did not like the relationship with the Chevrolet people and did not want anything more to do with selling their cars. 
Smith decided there was a future in selling Chevrolets so he took on the dea­ lership. 
At that time you could buy a new Chev­ rolet for $535. Smith said there was no warranty on the cars back then. 
He moved the business to a building on 
Alamo Street, and set about making a success of selling cars. Times were pretty good, but people were still not coming in to buy — you had to go out and sell the cars. 
Smith managed to average selling one car a day by going out and talking to people wherever he could find them. 
It was not unusual for him to make his sales pitch while walking beside a farmer plowing a field. 
“ The first thing they would tell me is that they didn’t want to buy a car. Well, that would just make me work all the harder, and I usually sold them in the end,” Smith said. 
Few good mechanics 
Good mechanics were almost non-exis- tant. 
Smith recalled one time when a customer had a complaint about his car, they had to rebuild the rear end and the transmission. When the ear was road tested, it was discovered they had put it back together wrong — it had three speeds in reverse and only one forward. 
It is hard to realize today, but Smith said his biggest problem was that most people who bought cars did not know how to drive. Salesman also had to teach the buyer to drive. 
There were very few trade-ins to fool with; most people came in and paid cash. 
There were no automobile finance com­ panies back then and the banks were very reluctant to make loans for cars. 

 rn i rn dmmm"k Ip 

« rSS* 

ROY SMITH 
. . . founder 
ROY C. SMITH 
. . . president 
ROY F. SMITH 
. . . treasurer 

AUTOMOTIVE DUMAY 

Looking back over all of his years in the automobile business, Smith said the most significant improvements were the elec­ tric starter, the spiral ring gear and pin­ ion in the rear axle. 
Always part of car 
To the current generation the starter was always a part of the car. But without it, certainly, the car could never have been driven by most women. And a lot of other people would have found crank starting not worth the trouble. 
By the time young Roy C. Smith started in the business, the company had sur­ vived the worst part of the great depres­ sion, and the country was about to become engaged in World War II. 

Roy C. was just learning the ropes when he had to take time out from business and serve his country during the war. 
The elder Smith said the war years were difficult ones because there were no new ears to sell. He kept the business going by buying and selling used cars and supplying parts and service. 
After the war the automobile business was very good, and in 195o Smith Motor 
Co. moved to its present location on 
Broadway. 
No move foreseen 
Roy C. likes the present location. He said Smith Motor Co. does not intend to move in the foreseeable future. He said the firm can continue to serve San An­ tonio fromits central location. 
“ You sec, everywhere you go Chevrolet has one downtown dealer to serve the central city — we are going to be that dealer in San Antonio. We have planned our expanion, and we like what we have; it works very well.” 
Roy C. said sales this year are the best he has ever seen. He thinks the auto­ mobile industry will survive government regulations, although he thinks the go- 

K iJf O M C T I X J D U M A C 

 vernment is trying to see how' far it can go in regulating people’s lives. 
“ Right now our small cars are not selling too well. The people are buying intermediates and big cars because that is what they want.” 
Involved completely 
His son Roy F. is now involved complex tely in the business. 
“ He tries to go too fast sometimes and I have to slow him down. But he started just like I did. out on the grease rack and has worked his way up through all of the departments,” said Roy C. 
About his grandfather Roy F. said, “ It© is still active in the business. He takes a walk around the dealership about twice a day. If he sees anything wrong he tells me about it — he still knows everything that. goes on." 
Roy F. joined the firm four years ago. 
Although he has worked in all of the de­ partments, he likes new car sales best. He said the other departments are interest­ ing, but they are secondary to new car sales, because new ear sales generate all of the other business. 
“ Marketing is a very big part of the business today, advertising plays a big role today,” he said. “ It’s not like it was in grandfather’s day when you could live on reputation You can hardly live on re­ putation anymore. 
“ The population is changing too fre­ quently. Reputation is important, but you have to reach the new people in town, and you do that with advertising.” 
Change with times 
Smith Motor Co. has seen a lot of changes in the car business, but it has been able to change with the times. 
When there arc three generations active in any type of business, the business must be doing things right, 
In the car sales business it is a really remarkable record. 
~XOTCB5ftyi~5nM*CAT~ 

HORTH PARK LINCOLN 
NEW 1977 MONARCH 

A ftu n ttm tttre 
★ 25o 
★ WHITESIDE 
WALL TIRES 
★ TINTED GLASS 
_ 
★ 81o62 

FOR 

* 4 2 5 o 

# 5 8 4 8 

NEW 1977 BOBCAT RUNABOUT 

★ TINTED GLASS 
★ WHITESIDE WALL TIRES 

* 1 
6 
9 
9 

NEW 1977 COMET 2-DOOR 

 r n rn tm m m 

★ TINTED GLASS 
★ WHITESIDE WALL TIRES 

* 3 
6 
9 
9 

’77 REGAL 
'DOOR 
*2o MILES 
PER GALLON 

" 
L Y 

STK. #A1383DE 
Driver education car with new car warranty. 

#91352 

#21499 

* 5 5 5 o 

1977 COUGAR 

 g te e e a m w iv 
★ 351 ★ AUTOMATIC 
★ POWER STEERING 
★ POWER BRAKES 
★ WHITESIDE WALL STEEL BELTED 

RADIAL TIRES ★ TINTED GLASS 

★ STYLE STEEL WHEELS ★ BODY SIDE MOULDING 

□ 35o V-8 

□ Automatic Transmission 
□ Power Steering 
□ Power Brakes 
□ Tinted Glass 

□ Air Conditioning 

□ Dual Sport Mirrors 
□ Color Keyed Sport 

Wheels 

□ Full accent stripes 

□ Color keyed side molding 

□ Steel Belted Whitewalls 
□ *EPA Rated 2o MPG 
□ AM-FM Stereo 
HWY., 15 MPG CITY 
□ Custom Crown Landau 
□ Average 17 

TCORTH PARK 92o7 SAN PEDRO 
341*8841 
LI N CO L N * M E R C U R Y 

List Price $6796. 
YOUR PRICE *5 6 7 1 
Good Selection at Similar Savings. 
’77 LE SABRE 4-DOOR ' 

I. #B2332 
Factory Car 
*25 MILES 
PER GALLON 

* EPA rated 25 M P G , 
H igh w a y ; 17 M P G City; 
^ v e a g ^ O 
M 
P ^ ^ ^ ^ 

FULL SIZE LUXURY 
Loaded With Power Options 

List Price $ 7 9 8 5 .6 5 

YOUR 
PRICE $6464 

WE SELL BUICKS EVERY DAY TO PEOPLE W HO THOUGHT THEY 

COULD BUY ONLY FORDS OR CHEVROLETS 
5o1 BROADWAY 

R ight D o w n to w n 
226-1361 
SPSRESDOUGLAS BUICK 

P a g e 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- r 

A U T O M O T I V E 

-Saturday April 3o 1977 
TSO 743-ADTIHWOBaES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

782726 - l O m SPOBTSm S 
FDRHEW SPOfiTSCABS 
7o2 726 FORflGN SPOBTSCARS 

Tile Peugeot 6o4 gives you the engineering of a Mercedes-Benz, the handling of a BMW the elegance of a Jaguar, and a level of comfort superior to all of them. 

Like its illustrious competition, the Peugeot 6o4 has a responsive six-cyfinder engine, fully independent suspension, distinguished styling, and meticulous attention to detail. 
But in addition, the Peugeot 6o4 offers outstanding comfort. With oversized shock absorbers. Targe coil springs, and anatomical seats that are actually tuned to the suspension. Finally, the 6o4's price starts at around $ 11.OOO PO E * Whic h may well be its most com forting 
I feature of all. 
N o one builds cars the way we build cars. 

- N E W 1 9 7 7 
DodgeCoH 
INTRODUCING THE ALL NEW 
C H R Y S L E R I 

> 

* 3 t n « 

EPA: 47 Miles Per Gal. H w y.— 3o City 

DELIVERED IN SAN ANTONIO WITH 

THE FOLLOWING STANDARD EQUIPMENT: 

Reclining bucket wots, adjustable steering column, tinted glass, pawer disc brakes, whitewall fires cor poling. front and rear bumper guards, uses regular or unleaded gas, rear window defogger. 

‘on™8 * 3 1 1 1 " 

 i~ ~ T 
" I f i i t s s s i l 

BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. 
655-o241 

* M,jnutac h ire r«, suggested retail price. RO-1.. Delivery c barges, optional dealer preparation, title fees, optional -equipm ent lit easing, and taxes extra. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

VOLKSWAGENS 
NEW ’7 7 ’S 
ALL MODELS 
SAVE!! 
ON SALE NOW 
SEE US BEFORE 
YOU BUY! 

SU B A 

M b 

V 
ONE OF 
THE FA ST EST 
S E L L IN G IM P O R T S . 
S T A T IO N W A G O N S & 
C O U P E S . 
1977 

S U B A R U 

S T A N D A R D 
S E D A N 
* 3 2 2 o 
I Plus Tax, Title & license. 

U SE D C A R S P E C IA L S ! 

7 4 S U B A R U W ago n .........................’ 1 8 9 5 
’73 SU B A R U Sedan........................ '1 7 9 5 
'75 V W -to Grand Bug..................‘2 8 9 5 
’7 5 V W 
Camper, Pop Top ( 2 ) ........... *5 4 9 5 
’76 B M W 2oo2 ........................... *6 9 9 5 
’74 H O R N E T Hatchback, auto., air . ..’ 1 9 9 5 

’75 VW Rabbit.................... ‘2895 
’73 VW Fastback, air.............. ‘2395 
’74 VW Dasher Wagon............. ’2595 
’7 6 P IN T O 
2-dr., 4 speed...............*259 5 
’73 CHEVY Nova, standard, air 
*2o95 
’74 LUV Pickup.......... 
*2195 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
(to 
SUBARU & BMW 
(to 
4 6 2 3 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 

A e r c m f r o m W o n d e r l a n d a t F r o d o r i c k t b u r g R d 

N E W C A R S H O W R O O M 
OPEN 9 A.M.-9 P.M. 
SEE THE A L L 
N E W ’7 7 V O L K S W A G E N S 
3 Y e a r / 5 o , o o o M ile 
W a r r a n t y A v a ila b le 
USED VOLKSW AGENS 
’76 VW BUS r.^t;.fll:;r.adio:..*5895 
’75 GMC TRUCK automatic, air... . ...............*418o 
’74 THING Roll bar, radio, like new . . . . 
. . . ’2595 
• 74 VW SUPER air, ci.an...". ’2595. 

3 -7 4 VW S air and rodio 
.......... *2495 
’74 VW BUS 7-passenger, standard, radio.. .. . *3895? 
■Iv a if IAI standard, extra clean, 
51o7C 
72 VW low mileage............... 
IV /5 
‘72 VW SUPER standard,dean,air.............i. *1595' 
'71 VW SUPER BUG rn,,™*.. ’1595 
SPECIAL’74 VW SUPER ......... ’1995’ 
O ver I OO new & used cars in stock 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 

DISCOUNT! 

C O R O L L A 
H 

L I F T B A C K S 

Factory Installed 
Options: 
AM Radio, $5o. 
AM-FM Radio, $77 
Air Conditioner, 
$365. 
Pin Striping, $ 2 8 . 

 d i s c o u n t s 
LIFT 
BACK 

SAVE! New ’77 TOYOTA’* SAVE! 
BEAT 
THE 
PRICE 
INCREASE 
_ 

N o b o d y can e q u a l sm a ll row n p rices! 
GOOD 
SELECTION 
NOW!! 
S O M E U N IT S IN S T O C K A T O L D P R IC E S 
TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 

U N L IM IT E D 

S E L E C T IO N 
All Models and Color' 
H IG H E S T T R A D E 
A L L O W A N C E 
— 2 4 h o u r d e liv e ry 

D ia l Toll Free! 
224-4183 
O p e n E v e s: til 9 p.m 

 f e s s 
17 Mi. from S a n A n fo m o ^ 

 rj 
D A T S U N i 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658-6271 

Lone Star V O L K S W A G E N 

33o3 Broadway - 824-7311 
™ 
‘ 

You won’t believe the luxury until you see it. 
You won’t believe the ride until you try it. 
You won t believe the price until you hear it. 
Come see it now 
IT’S THE BEGINNING OF A TOTALLY 
NEW CLASS OF AUTOMOBILES. 

Now on Display 
A T 

 w a g 

I 

I 
\ 

I 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 

The Dealer that tells it like it is" 
28oo BROADWAY 
824-6331 
A C R O SS FRO M BRACKENRIDGE PARK 

7o2*726 - FoREI8N-SPoRTSCARS 

723-TRIUMPH 

•73 T R IU M P H T R S 
Blue, wire wheels, clean 
R O B IN SO N 'S SPORTS CARS 
8343 B R O A D W A Y 
“76 T R IU M P H TR-7, low mileage, extras. 341-62o4 or 341-8775. 
•76 TR7, loaded, yellow, 15,ooo 
•miles. $59oo. 732-2194, 435-2214,___ 

*724 - VOLKSWAGEN 

 i ‘74 D A S H E R , auto. air, like new. 
[($2495. 333-8152 

7o9 -DATSUN 

‘75 D A T S U N B-21o, hflback, like new $2495. 333-8152 

‘72 Datsun 12oo. 2-dr., auto. Low mileage, air, radio. 
Clean. 
534-1419. 
1971 D a tsu n 12oo Se d an . N ew tires. 36 M P G s. Very nice! S129S 
342-2718 
•7o D A T S U N Station w agon, a u ­ tomatic, $55o. 333-8152 
_____ 
‘73 D A T S U N 24oZ, air, blue 
R O B IN S O N ’S S P O R T S C A R S 
8343 B R O A D W A Y 
‘73 Datsun 24o-Z. Auto. Excellent condition. New disc brakes, steel radials. Lit shocks, air. A M -F M 
$36oo 826-o1oo 
’73 D A T S U N 24oZ. Loaded. $375o 
M on. th ro 
T h u r s. 
4-8 p.m . 
392-6912, weekends: 1-257-8412 

76 MERCEDES 
BENZ 45o SI 

2 
Tops, 
Silver, 
Red 
Leather, 
Like 
New, 
1o,719 Miles, loaded, 
Show Room Condition. 
$22,5oo 
ALAMO TOYOTA 

514 loop 41o NE 
(Across from the Airport) 
828-o723 

‘76 Datsun 28oZ 2 + 2, 14,ooo mi. like new, 223-3157 822-9523 
‘72 D a t s u n 24oZ. O n e o w n e r. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 l i f‘72 24oZ, auto, air, $3,oo. 225-7291 before 6, 532-9316 after 6 and 

7o1 ANTIQUES COLLECTORS l r 
★ Ar ★ 
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
FREDERICKSBURG * 
ANTIQUES SHOW 
PIO N EER P A V IL L IO N 
LAD Y B IR D P A R K 
APR. 3oTH & MAY IST 
5AT-IOAM-8PM 
5UN-12NOON-6PM 
TEXAS & AM FURN. 

 nj. Tiffa n y , art. glass, p o tte ry, ♦ 

 j j . porcelains, fa b e rg e , prints, folk # 

 art & the decorotive arts o f tw o * centuries. 
♦ 
* 
E M M A LEE T U R N E Y . 
* 

ROD EAST 
Aft) 
VOLKSWAGEN W 

N O B E T T F R C A R 
N O BETTER P I A O TO BUT 

1 4 o 2 N . I . L o o p 4 1 o 
D 
O 
O 
I O f t ! i l x l t o f N a c o g d o c h e i I d 
O 
A t © 
** I A 
W 
I 

A N T IQ U E AU TO 
31 Model A, 4 door sedan. Excellent condition 
$4,5oo. Coll 1 723-8oo6 or write PO 
Box 289o, Laredo 78o41. 

Antique, classic c a r a u c t i o n 
Sunday M ay, IS 
T E X A S T R A N S P O R T A T IO N 
M U S E U M 
Consign your car for sole 
225 2681 
‘65-Cadillac Fleetwood, $575 
Quire at H U Roosevelt_______ 
1929 C H E V R O L E T 

 in ­ 

 co m p le te , 
$7oo. 
673-1o28; 
♦ door 
Sedan. 
675-333o. 
_ 
*53 Chevrolet Pickup, new engine, c h ro m e w h e e ls, o m -tm , new paint, excellent condition. $15oo. 
833-o586. 
■4o CH E VY C O U P E Like new, by second owner. 
$3ooo firm. j75-B134. 
■41 C H E V Y P IC K U P 
A icwet! $1795 654-1oo1 __________ f lo s s ie collection of T -B ird sT 
Fords, M ercurys. Serious inquir­ ies only1 533-o82/ 
!«d C orvair, 65,ooo m iles, p ra c­ tic a lly dent free. R u n s good. 
Needs paint and upholstery. A l­ drich. 824-4122 

1975 YAMAHA 
Dirt Bike O nly)... 

25o cc, Motorcycle, 
(Not 
Street-legal- 

1973 OPEL 
19oo Wagon, Standard, 
AM-FM Radio,................ 

*895 

‘1395 

1974 HORNET 
*2o95 

1975 OLDS 
. *4595 

1976 ASPEN rx.VoSysff.*: *4395 

1977 VW SKS*. 
‘4495 

1975 VW 
New Condition 
‘2595 

1976VW te;,pHMf;,"!’.$6195 

1974 26oZ, Loaded, M U S T S E L L ! 
$3995. 824-5o82, 

71o FIAT 

‘71 F IA T 124. 4-door SE D A N , real nice! $995 Call: 222-9121 
‘73 F ia t 128, 2 d o o r Se d a n . 
4-speed, air, radio. $1475 or best otter. 684-7826 after 6. 
‘71 Fiat SSO. ideal for Dune Buggy. 
$3oo. Call: 494-2663 
’74 F IA T 124 Spider $3695. Call: 
222-9121 
‘71 F IA T 124 S P ID E R $2695 Call: 
222-9121 
‘69 Fiat Spider Convertible. (35 mpg). Good condition. 653-5849. 
‘75 F IA T 124 Sport Coupe, air conditioned, A M -F M stereo, $3695 
Cull 222-9121 
’74 F IA T 124 Sport Coupe $2695 
Coli: 222-9121 
‘72 F IA T 128 Wagon, $65o. 333-8152 
7? Fiat 124 Wagon, auto, am-fm, 
$1195 691-4372, 1-535-4473 
F IA T W A G O N $79o, 35 M P G . 
R U N S A N D L O O K S G O O D ! 
R A C K ON TOP, G O O D T IR E S . 
828-6959 
F O R S A L E : ‘72 M G B in excellent condition. 
Call 
625-5967 
New 
Braunfels. 

711 -HONDA 

’72 C O U P E $975 
38,5oo mi, clean. 826-3184 
‘74 H O N O A C IV IC Hatchback, air, auto, t owner. 684-4694. 
1974 H O N D A Civic Hatchback, 4 speed, radio, $2295 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo SA N P E D R O 
341-1356 
1976 H O N D A C V C O H atchback, auto, radio, $3195 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo SA N P E D R O 
341-1356 
1972 H O N D A S E D A N 
$1o95 
225-7111 

7o1 •AHTIQUES-CoLLECToR8 

•57 R anchero, v e ry good cond. 
$1ooo or best ofter. 623-4416. 
■6S T B I r d " New pain!, engine, tires 
$2695. 
494 288o. 
225-2o91; eves: 

18oo VOIVO E S 
4 sod ove rd rive , air, cassette, 
26,ooo o rig in a l m iles. E xce lle n t condition $8ooo 732-2143. 

7o2 726 FOREIGN SPOBTSCARS 

7o4-J 

C O U N T R Y F U R N IT U R E 
H O U SE S A L E 
Sole of collection of m any years. 
Austin, Texas 
Oak kitchen cabinet; several pie safes, t pine handm ade from 8. 
T exas; sm okehou se table, pine lectern, tool box, barrel, coffee box, bread box. oak desk, round oak table, t set of oak ch oirs, general store shoe rack, I if tit fix- _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ tore m ade from w ago n wheel 
57 Austin Healey, 1oo-6 good con- hubs, Antique H andm ade quilts, clition, ideal for Restoration $14oo, many other items. 
654 6362 
9A M -7P M 
— — ■ 
................... ..... ....... 
Sat Sun-Mon 
April 3o-Mav 2 
11o6 M arcy St. 
Oft W Ben White Blvd. 43oo block 
Banister Lane.___________________ 
•ai'Ford. 2 door Sedan -41 Mer- cury, 4-door Sedan, Both running and Licensed 695-8467____________ 
‘36 Ford Fastback, kept original. 
42,ooo mi. $5ooo 922-9796__________ 
•59 Ford Galaxie SOO convertible. 
Auto, pow er steering, elec top. 
N e e d s little bod y w o rk. $2795 
1-379-3799; 1-379 2313._____________ 
1951 Pard pickup, 65 289 V-8 en­ gine Automatic stick shift, bucket seats $795 333 7 9 8 2 __________ 
Group of Antique and special in forest cots to sol'* Sat. M a y 7th. at lpm. 974-6469. 
A L A M O AU TO A U C T IO N 
33oo S W M IL IT A R Y D r 
J 

■74 Audi too-LS. 2dr., std, loaded. bit car room, sm all car mileage, excellent $3875 656-3o24 

7o6 -BMW 

■74 B M W 2oo2, 28,ooo mi. A M -F M , air. 824-6118 

7o7 * CAPRI 

7o8 - CORVETTE 

END ’o MONTH 
CORVETTE 
SAVINGS!! 
7 6 ® * lM“ *8995 
74 txcftten? ■**.*6995 
7 3 2 2 2 ^ ^ ..*5995 

•69 a r e a s . *4295 
CORVETTE Coupe 

* 5 9 9 5 l i t CORVfTTE Convert- 

6 5 uil‘orj2, L 4i‘p**d:.i 4 4 9 5 
* We ACCEPT TRADE-INS A 
VEHICLES UNLIMITED 
7267 WURZBACH RD. 
M b 

74 Capri, automatic, air, V6 
Call M anuel 
341-9433 

73 Capri. M ust sell. Perfect con­ dition! Loaded 455 7o24. 

•751 Corvette. All Power, air. L -82 with 4-spd. Leather interior, ca r­ pet. New radios, 28,ooo mi., A M - f,.»-s,e-reo c °sseU e. L ik e new. 
$78oo. 691 1534 

'69 H U R ST O LD S, collectors edi­ tion. Excellent condition, factory extra*. Firm. $28oo. 826 1569 after 
4 3o p m 
Like New, O riginal 1957 Bet A ir 
C hevy 4-door M u st see to a p ­ preciate. $35oo firm 492 99o6 
65 M U S T A N G C O N V E R T IB L E 
$12oo 226-o291, 226-o292 
_ 
66 M U ST A N G , low mileage 
I owner. 924-o331 
'i i N O M A D 327 auto new paint and upholstery 
$25oo firm. 
6/5 o434.__________________________ 
195/ N O M A D beautiful! Stored and restored 
(ast 
7 years. 
532 6652. 
1948 Plymouth Deluxe, '5 door, I window coupe, needs m inor work. 
$25oo. Call 341-277A 
~ ll 
- 

71 C ap ri, s h a rp red! 4 speed. 
Grand opening sale only S995-4o26 
Broadw ay 826-2793 
____________ 
73 Capri, stand, 4 spd air, $1775 
Call M anuel 
341-9433 
74 C a p ri, V -6, a ir, A M - F M , 
4 speed, 
$2,35o. 
824-7721 or 
322-9568 
Carpi ‘74 V6 Fully equipped, ex­ cellent cond 
$295o. 
675 oo12; 
671-5261 

7o8 • CORVETTE 

A D V E N G E R , complete fiberglass oodv only 
$5oo 
633-2954 after 
1PM 
A L L T yp e s Y e a r M o d e ls C O R ­ 
V E T T E S , p ric e d re a so n a b ly . 
Other Sports Cars. Call 699 o294 
V E H IC L E S U N L IM IT E D 
IN IH I L X PRISS N tw s 
C A II 225- 1^66 
____ 

61 Corvette. Both tops, new tires, paint, upholstery. S365Q or offer. 
1-428 1188 anytime. 
‘75 C o rve tte C o n v e rtib le w ith hardtop, power, air, low mileage, 
$7495. 828-4718 

712 JAGUAR 

‘74 J A G U A R Roadster, autom a­ tic, air conditioned, A M -F M ster­ eo. Full power, extra clean! Call: 
222-912! 
'72 J A G U A R X K E 2+2, power, autom atic, tra n sm issio n . $6985 
Call: 222-9121 

714-MAZDA 

‘76 M a z d a R X 4 , air, am -fm , 5 speed, 21 mpg, $4195. 828-7553. 
1973 M A Z D A RX-2, 2 door, vinyl top, 4 speed, radio, air, $1,695 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo S A N P E D R O 
341-1356 
1974 M A Z D A RX-4 Wagon, 4 spd, radio, air, S2495 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo SA N P E D R O 
341-1356 
M U S T S E L L '76 Mazda. Air, ex­ cellent condition. $2oo down, a s­ sume balance. 653-1419. 

715-MERCEDES BENZ 

•65 22o, fair condition, m ake offer. 
651-6659 after 6 pm. 
1967 M E R C E D E S - B E N Z 23o SL. 
O rig in a l a n d Im m acu late . Tw o tops. 735-7276. 

'7 6 V W BU S 

8 -p a s s e n g e r. air, 
4- sp e e d , I 7 ,9 5 7 mi., one o w n e r. JC I 5 4 5 A . 

19o1 BROADWAY 
224-5516 

A W C IiR A W I N T O N 

717-OPEL 

•72 O P E L GT, $1395. 
333-8152 
O P E L G T '73 excellent condition, 
$25oo. 824-oo26. 
___________ 
72 Opel G T. New paint, tapedeck. 
CB, auto., 
344-5o8o. 

 m ags, 
$25oo. 

‘71 Opel (Sport). Automatic. E x ­ cellent condition. 927 2o25. 
‘TO Opel W a go n A ir rad ials, v e ry good condition. 735-o529. 
______ 

718-PORSCHE 

‘71 914 2 lite r, a m -fm , excell. cond., $25oo firm. 69o-1665. 
N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1236 N.E. L O O P 41o 
824-3214 
‘62 P o rsc h e Coupe. N ew paint, new leather interior. Air. E x ce l­ lent condition. $45oo. 225-5861. 
P O R S C H E 911 T A R G A , 1974 
Low miles. New Perilli tires. Air. 
M int condition! $11,ooo (C o rp u s 
Christi) 1-937-2266________________ 
•73 Porsche 911-T. Cream Puff! 
M ags. 5 speed, air, new Michellns. 
Tape, leather interior. I owner. 
Sit,5oo. 492-9516. 

719-PEUGEOT 

*75 P E U G E O T 13,ooo m iles, im ­ maculate, $525o. 696-4675 

721-SUBARU 

74 SUBARU $1695 
4 door Sedan, 4-speed with air conditioning 
JA M IS O N M trs Seguin 223-52o1 
•76 S u b a r u . S-soeed, like new. 
Cull: 492-2895. 

722-TOYOTA 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
A cro ss Fro m Airport 828-o723 
524 N E. LO O P 41o 
‘71 C E L IC A $148o 
Or Best Offer— 224-6956 
‘73 Corona. 4-dr., auto., air. Good condition. 734-7858. 
IF YO U C A N B U Y A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R T H A N AT: 
D R E Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 
*71 Toyota Corona Deluxe. Auto, heater, a m rad io , a q u a color. 
Saves gas! 337-4519. 
’74 Toyota Corona 2-door hardtop 
5-speed. A M - F M rad io, Sh e lb y m ag*. B y owner. 923-69o6 
Toyota C orona ‘74. 4-dr., auto., 
A M - F M , a ir, r a d ia ls . C e lic a 
RC-118. Excellent. $2495. B ra n - nen's 736-1625; after 5: 732-6475. 
T oyota C o ro n a ‘73. 4-spd., air, radio, 42,ooo mi. $185o. 433-6o64. 
T O Y O T A O F SA N A N T O N IO 
17o3 S.E. M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
924-9451 

DEPENDABLE VWS 
”69 Squareback, Automatic ...... 
I '71 Baho Bug I6oocc 13* wheels m Fastback, Radio ................ 
”71 Super, air, P M radio .......... 
'72 Super, radio, 29,ooo mi i 
'73 Super A M -FM -Sun roof air 
•73 red Bug Radio, C L E A N ! .... 
'74 'Th ing' with Radials .......... 
'75 Scirocco A M -F M tape, blue 
655-1131 
IMPORT CAB SERVICE 
VW R E B U IL T S P E C IA L 
$169.95 
653-7866 
I S E L L V W S 
M od els from ‘66-’77. Colt: 
Vosquez 82-7311____________ 
Fred 

I S E L L V W S 
M od els from ‘66-‘77. Ceti: 
V asq uei 824-7311 
_____ 
F re d 

‘73 K A R M A N N G H IA , excellent condition, less than 4o,ooo miles. 
D a y s 69l-4?i2, ask tor Sara. 
N O R T H L O O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 
4623 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G R O A D 

THE ALL NEW 

A 
L 
A 
M 
O 
A 
M 
O 
- 
W e are now in the process of remodeling our location at 
1111 San Pedro Ave. 

N o reasonable offer refused on any new or used car on the lot or showroom. 
W e are liquidating our entire used car stock! 
“W e d o n ’t meet competition— 

 we M A K E it! 

PICK DP PAYMENTS 
'76 VW. Like new, air, standard, 
425o mi. 735-8563. 

R O D E A S T V O L K S W A G E N 
14o2 N E. LO O P 41o 
828-12o1 
‘72 S U P E R B E E T L E , air, am-fm 
$1295. 698-2148 
Take aver paym ents, no equity ‘74 
VW. 
Call: 
824-76o6 after 
7: 
494-5734 
Volksw agen 71. Excellent cond!* 
Mon. Sqbk. 435-3313, eves._________ 
VOLKSWAGEN 
Parts-Servlce-Cars 
655-1131 
V O L K S W A G E N B U S ca m p e r, p o p -to p , ste re o , g a s h e a te 1-. 
Radials, new engine. 
$25oo-342-5847 
‘69 VW Fastback, sunroof, excel­ lent condition, m any extras, 
69o-9955. 
'7o VW Baja Bug. New off the road fires, ru n s good. $9oo. 494-7861 atter 6 p.m. 
__ 

* 2 9 9 5 

P l u s F r e i g h t 

T . , T . , & L . 

’7 7 
GREMLINS 
IN STOCK 
Buyer Protection Plan ll 24 Months or 24,ooo Miles. 
There’s more to an AMO P l 
A L A M O A M I n 2Z7A75nDRO 

726 -MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

•68 VW BU G. A IR . $75o. C A L L : 
661-5216. 
7o v w BU G. Good condition. $995. 
Call: 684-2o6o. 
‘67 VW BU G. Good condition. $695. 
Call: 657-355o. 
66 VW Bug. Rebuilt engine, new clutch. $6oo 684-4355 
■ J. Q VZ (Ai Rile 
G O O D C O N D IT IO N 922-7626 
'74 VW Bus. Sem i cam per. Sun- roof-more-Clean $4,ooo. 696-7439 
1967 VW Bus. S U N R O O F . SI 195 
Excellent condition! 225-7111 
7 4 V W D a sh e r 4 dr, auto, air, 
Michelin tires, low mileage, very clean. $315o. 923-o734. 
'74 VW D a sh e r W agon. Std, air, top rack, stereo tape, 37,ooo miles. 
$325o. 349-5952. - 

69 VW $695 
E x c e lle n t tra n sp o rta tio n , few dents. 3519 Grant, No. 211. 
'68 VW F a stb a ck , 3ompg. m u st sell. Best offer. 661-7865 
_ 
63 V W fib e rgla ss tenders, wide tires, chopped rear end. M ust sell this week. $5oo. 341-o296 
■72 VW. Good condition. A M -F M , 
65,ooo miles. SIOOO. 34M296. 
•69 VW , G re a t tra n sp o rta tio n . 
S595. 734-OS 15, 699-1939. 
'72 VW. L ig h t blue, air, radio. 
Radials, new engine. 494-6629. 

’74 VW THING 
3 7,ooo mile*, clean s i 8 5 o 
74 TOYOTA CELICA 
Air, vinyl roof, am -fm 
$2 7 5 o . 
75 PONTIAC ASTRE 
4 cyl., air, automatic, 2o,ooo miles 
$2 6 5 o . 
T O Y O T A 
OF SEGUIN 
D i a l T o ll F re e : 
2 2 4 - 4 1 8 3 

SHAKY CREDIT?? 
Have Steady income? 

There IS a W A Y w e can sell yo u a car»or truck. 
• O v e r 6 5 Cars-Trucks 
To ch oose from 
PADGETT’S 
USED CARS 
3 9 o 2 S O . F L O R IS 

1975 VW Rabbit, 4 speed, radio, 
$2695. 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo SA N P E D R O 
341-1356 
‘67 VW Sq u a re b a ck , m ust sell! 
B o d y good cond, needs engine repairs. >395. 654-1261, 734-392o. 
71 VW Super Beetle, good shape, ru n s well. $1o75. 681-o987. 
‘71 VW Super Beetle. Good cond. 
$135o. 659-1459 otter 4 p.m. week­ days; all day weekends. 
*71 VW Super Beetle, light blue, sunroof, $135o, 822-5796 
'75 VW Van. Porsche 411 engine. 
R u n s great! A ir. Low m ileage. 
$4295 655-o274 

GOOD-WEAK CREDIT?? 

With Stable Income? 

There is a w ay we can 
SELL Y O U A C A R 
O R TRU C K 

• 3 o to ch oose from • 
PRICED $795. & UP 
KINNEY MOTORS 
3928 BROADWAY 

W A K E L Y A U T O R E N T A L S 
'76 VW Bug, low mileage, am-fm s te re o , $31oo. 732-4291 d a y s ; 
828-6733 eves. 

725-VOLVO 

P A R K T E N V O LV O 
IH SC O U T D E A L E R 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 732-2143 
’71 V O LV O 142E. A IR , S T E R E O , 
O V E R D R I V E . 
B E S T 
G A S 
M IL E A G E $179o 828-6959 
_____ 

‘63 M ercedes 19o Sedan. Com ple­ tely rebuilt with s h o o In paris in last year. $35oo. 735-2571. 

7 3 V O L V O 164E. Air, tape. Sun­ roof. Auto. 63,ooo m iles. B e st otter. 344-1345 after 5 

1974 C O R V E T T E Coupe 454 4 spd, 
A M -F M , air, power windows, 
$6495 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo SA N P E D R O 
341-1356 
■73 C O R V E T T E , must SII! 
Isl $515o 679-7156 
‘69 C O R V E T T E . New 427 motor. 4 speed, new m ags and tires. Call 
534-5891. 
C O R V E T T E S - Alw ays a few good ones to choose from at the right prices at 
CL A S S IC C O A C H W O R K 
1 14o7 San Pedro-344-2o1 5 z'75 Corvette White, very clean 
Excellent cond. n,ooo mi. $78oo. 
735-o659, eves: 684 3361. 

■74 M ercedes 45o-SL D ark blue, lo a d e d , g o o d con d. $14,5oo 
847 9154 or 847-27oo 
M IS S IO N C IT Y IM P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S - B E N Z Sales-Servlce 
382o SA N P E D R O 
736-2243 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
Open eves til 9 
Toll Free: 224-4183 

73 Volvo 164E 
Auto, air, rad io , low m ileage. 
7S2-2143. Special $3788. 
_____ 

’76 45o wheels, load ed odes 734-2213 
MUST SEIL 
S E L , Su n ro r o o f , a llo y 
D a y s 226-5121, 

716 MG 

 t m T O Y O T A Wagon, auto, radio, air. $1995 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo SA N P E D R O 
___________ 
341-1356 

'74 V olvo 164-E. 4-door L u x u ry 
Sedan. Power, elec. fuel infected. 
A ir, su n ro o f., A M - F M , auto., feather int., low mi. 
$4895. 
225-o345. 

7 2 3 TRIUMPH 

75 M G B Convertible. M o n y ex­ tras. Call 349-9355 Ofter 6pm 
1974 M G B C onvertible 
A M -F M 
Stereo, air $325o-824-6812 eves. 
7! m g b 
V e ry good condition. 

C a j l * ? U ’ l zt O T i 'w i w r -a e ..... 
IN THI EXPR!$5 NEW S 
* 
CALL 225-1666 

A L A M O S P O R T S C A R S 
Authorized Soles and Service 
Trium ph-Alfa Romeo 
3)11 B R O A D W A Y 828 SSI I 
I '7o T R S C lassic. Yellow 
$24oo, 
' Will negotiate Superior condition 
6°6 264f, 828-1878 
■76 TR7, fully loaded, om-fm ster- eo, 8 track, air. $58oo. 341-7o3o 
‘71 Trium ph Spitfire, convertible, good co n d itio n , $1,5oo o r best 
Offer. 653-2148. 

72 Volvo 142 
4 spd, ra d io , low m ile a g e . 
732-2143. Financing available. 
'75 Volvo Wagon, excellent cond, low mi, air, auto irons, am -fm , lu g g a g e ra c k , below book. 
I 392-6372, San M arcos.___________ 
71 Volvo Wagon, air, am-fm, std, 
$1995. 341-6784.___________________ 
'68 V olvo W agon. Air, A M -F M , standard. Excellent cond *1ooo. 
-ASAJi.U 

NATIONAL CAR RENTAL 
’76 MODELS 
FINAL CLOSE-OUT 
CUTLASS 
SUPREMES 
MONTE CARLOS COMPA 
CTS. BIG CHOICE — LOW 
PRICES 

11o6 HAIM at Airport Blvd. 
342-9566 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

•72 Custom C ruiser wagon. 9pass. loaded. $1875 341-5472 att 5pm 
PO 21958 2x5 m 2 IN V E N T O R Y 
C L E A R A N C E 
731 MIC 
72 GREMLIN 2-DR 
Take over paym ents, no equity, call Credit M anager, 349-6948 
‘76 Pacer, deluxe package, good co n d itio n , 18,ooo m ile s, $37oo j] 
69o-9349 atter 5 pm.______________ 
76 P a c e r D L P a c k a g e P o w e r 
Steering, Auto Transm ission, Air, 
Radio, Full F a cto ry W a rra n ty. 
736-2343 atter 5pm all day Sat-Sun. 
'76 Pacer. E xtra clean. To settle 
Estate. Call: 633 o99o. 
*75 P a c e r-X . A ir, auto., $3ooo. 
Call: 1-438-2415. 
‘68 Rebel, good cond, sfd, radio, heater, 2o5 Mitchell, Schertz ____ 

732-BUICK 

•73 Apollo Hatchback, air, power, excellent condition. $1995 firm. 
349-2674 
•72 Buick Electra 225. Nice cor. 
$12oo or best offer. 492-2494.______ 
197o Buick Electra, good con d i­ tion, loaded, 5995. or best offer. 
Call 684-3oo3. 
‘7o B u ick L e S a b re Custom cellent cond $125o. 344-5486 
E x - 

Buick Lim ited ’71. 4-door. $12oo firm. Call: 433-9114. 
‘72 B u ic k L im ite d . L ik e n e w ! 
$2495 Will trade 923-2883 
‘74 B U IC K Regal, landau. 59,ooo mi. $4995. 226-o291 
____ __ 
'73 Buick Regal, I owner, Am -Fm , air, power, M r.G oss 924-7336 
76 B U IC K Regal Sedan. Loaded, 
14,ooo mi. $48oo. 826-3455 
‘76 Buick R ive ria , (actory new- only 9,ooo mi. Louis, 1-569-3544. 
‘72 B U IC K Riviera, im m aculate 
$1695. trade, 342-2o93 
_____ _ 
'72 Buick Riviera, like new *2795 
Will trade 923-2883 
•69 B U IC K Skylark 4-door, excel­ lent condition. 344-2634, 344-977o, best offer or trade. 
•77 Buick Skylark, loaded! $4795 
Will trade 923-2883 
64 Buick Special wagon. Sell as is. $2oo cash. 222-ooo8 
72 Buick Sports Wagon, auto, air, 
A M -F M , pow er w ind ow s, seat, d o o rs . T ilt w heel, e x c e lle n t. 
$2,295. 822-1469. 

ORSINGER’S 
• SPECIALS ★ 

VISIT OUR REMODELED USED CAR SHOW PLACE! 

• M O R E R O O M 
• MORE CARS TO CHOOSE FROM 
• MORE SA V IN G S FOR YOU!! 
73 pontiac s w a s ^ r ? . . * 2275 
72 PLYMOUTH green/bl'atk 
M75o 

74 RIVIERA 
13575 
7 2 BUICK S £ U S . r " ^ t':se: ‘22oo 

‘69 PLYMOUTH S K S lj S S .”"".‘1375 
’65 CHEVROLET 5 ft 1 f t . T . " 975 

 t * y < * mirv b e'9 e 
Olid b row n, full 
/ 
J B U I C K p o w e r, low m ile s ............................................................ u 
O v U niisrv 
Lim ite d 4 door h a rdtop , gold/beige, 
_ _ 
IL B U I C K fu ll p o w e r .............................................................................. Z l / j iii* m i i e i i 
R eg a l, V 7 , 2 -do o r, w hite and w h ite , , . 
. 
. n 
75 BUICK p o w e r a n d a ir. 
. . ......................................................*4o5o 

 i v e r n ■ * / - i / 
Le S a b re , 2 -d o o r, blue and w h ite , 
74 BUICK fun p o w e r................. *3o5o 

. . . m 
1 1 / - I / 
S k y la rk 2 -do o r h a rdtop , gold and 
, , . n r > 
71 BUICK w h ite , pow er and air, o n l y 
*1685 

■ ■ r n r n n u 
C ou g ar, blue and blue, pow er 
_ 
76 MERCURY anda ir, like new, 11,ooo miles *545o 
74 BUICK S V A , r r . 1 *:.“’.‘31oo 

75 CHRYSLER S T L 
‘3*5o 

BUICK CO. 
4 5 o o SAN PEDRO 

7 3 4 - 4 2 2 1 

7 6 C entury, beautiful, loaded, private owner. 824-5167 
76 Century Freedom Special, low m l., im m a c u la te con d , W o r k : 
736-4633, ask for John 
'7o E L E C T R A SE D A N , L O A D E D , 
O R IG IN A L . $875. 342-6922. 
N E E D A C A R ? H o ve a Jo b ? Som e 
C re d it. C a ll: S te ve B r o o m a ll* 
222-8611 or 222-1685 
‘73 R E G A L , A M -F M , air, M a g wheels, 
$225o. 
Call after 
5pm 
673-29o4 

---------------------------- - A ll e le c tric , su n ro o f, v e lo u r, i SFSOO. 734-859o______________________ 
•77 D u n e B u g g y . C u sfom ouiit, 
72 s k y l a r k c o u p e . $ 1 b v 5 . excellent cond. $85o. 658-7538 
Jack: 824-1356 or 922-o511. 
7o M ave rick auto .......... $1o95. 
'*9 M alibu 2 dr .............. *1o95. 
71 Dodge W agon $995 
7o Buick wagon ............ $895. 
‘AS Delta 88 4 dr .............. $595. 
•65 Ford Custom .............. $695. 
•67 Falcon 2-dr.................. $395. 
S M IT H 'S Used Cars 
7o5 
S. A L A M O 
226-9144 

76 Skylark Hatchback V6, auto. air. W arranty. $43oo 684-oo7o 

733 - CADILLAC 

73 Cadillac Coupe deVille, 37,ooo m iles, leather interior, c ru ise control, excellent condition. After 
6, 494-6721. 

733 - CADILLAC 
733 -CADILLAC 

PASMAN MTR Cl) 
17o7 B R O A D W A Y 
224-6956 

76 c a d illa c 
DeEtegance. 
342-1417 

C o u p e 
16,ooo 
D e v ill e m iles. 

69 S IM C A Station 
333-8152 wagon, 5395. 

IA C I TOUB W ANT AD 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
C A LI 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

•66 Sunbeam Alpine 1725 Rootes, needs W ork. Best after. Call Jim at 732-3385.________ j 
J 

'73 Cadillac Coupe Deville. Excel- lent. COH: 824-3o89 
__________ 

PLACE TOUB W AN T AD 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

76 
C A D I L L A C 
C O U P E 
D E V IL L E . Show room condition. 
Immaculate, every acce sso ry in­ clu d in g ch rom e sp oke w heels. 
Private individual. Sacrifice! A s ­ su rge p aym ents. 
349-4465, 
M r 
/Ao<ris____________________________ 
•73 Cadillac Coupe D e ville , like new $3995 Will (rude 923 28C3 
■7? C a d illa c Coupe, by ow ner, loaded. $1395. 344-9359 oft 4pm 

74 Cadillac coe Brougham , wire wheels, $48oo 923-2665 

72 Cadillac Deville im m aculate condition! $28oo 927-5816 
C A D IL L A C 71. 4-door, l owlier, w ifes cur. Low m i. b e a u tifu l. 
1 623-1932 Aves or weekends _ 

^ 

73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Saturday April 3o I 977 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

ON ANY NEW CAR 
IN OUR INVENTORY!! 

APRIL 25-APRIl 3o 

THIS SPECIAL SALE 

PRICE ALSO AVAILABLE 
ON NEW 

F-IOO and F-15o 

>2 TON 2-WHEEL DRIVE 

PICKUPS SOLD FROM STOCK! 

H U R R Y !! 
SALE DEFINITELY 
ENDS 
SAT., APRIL 3o, 1977 

O 
U 
R 
N 
O 
R 
T 
H 
S 
I D 
E 

L 
O 
C 
A 
T 
I O 
N 

H 
A 
S 
M 
O 
V 
E 
D 
. 
. 
. 
N o w Located at 

L 
O 
O 
P 
4 
1 
o 
N 
. E 
. a t 

P 
E 
R 
R 
I N 
- 
B 
E 
I T 
E 
L 
R D 
. 
3 4 4 -8 3 9 6 

Easy Term s 

U p T o 

4 8 M o n t h s 

T o P o y • • • 

DOWNTOWN t Ic. St. Mary’s at Durango 
227-1311 
NORTHSIDE • Loop 41o at Rerrin-Beital 
344-8396 
SOUTHSIDE *414 S.W. Military Dr. 
923-4566 

W O W ! D O W e H A V E A DEAL FO R YOU! 

NORTH STAR DOUCE 
IFROINT YARD SALE! 
M KfliiaSSiaiiii satu rd ay a-ss 

77 NEW ROYAL MONACO 

4 door Sedan, 36o V-8 AM PM, automatic speed control, vinyl roof, fuel paget system. many other Options. Stock #7771 
: 

List price $6,978.25 

S a le P r ic e *5,966 

NEW 77 CHARGER SE 

2-door hardtop, 36o V-8, AM FM, automat ic, power steering, power disc brakes, air conditioned, till wheel automatic speed con­ trol vinyl roof, many other options. Stock 
#3467 

List price $6,925.6o 
I P 
A 
S a le P ric e V/ I 9 V 

NEW 77 ASPEN SE 

4 door Sedan AM FM stereo. 6o 4o seats, power steering* power disc brakes, autor 
•rn at it speed control, vinyl roof, • air ‘condo. tfonud automatic transmission, protection grip Stock #418 

List price S6,$$9 95 
COO 
S a le P r ic e 
9 / 9 T o 

77 MONACO 

Crestwood. 3 seat Station Wagon; Executive 
Car. 36o V-8, AM/.FM e automatic,, power ' steering, power disc.brakes, air conditioned, automatic speed control, luggage rack, many other options..Stock #5271 

List Price $6,924.4o 
S a le P r ic e U/V9# 

NEW 77 ASPEN SE 

Station Wagon, 225 S-cylim'ef 
Super Sue 
AM./FM Stereo, air conditioned automatic, 
(tower steering, power disc brakes, many other options. Stock #42? 

List price $6,225.oo \'r V 

S a le P r ic e 5/682 

NEW 77 MONACO 

4- door Sedan, it 18 V S automatic 
(tower steeling, power disc brakes air- coditinneri 
AM radio tinted glass, undercoating Stock 

#526o 

List price $5,693.oo 
| a a 

S a le P ric e 
5 / 1 2 2 

NEW 77 DODGED. 1oO 

’ . tori Pickup, 115 wheel base. 225 CID engine, 6 cylinder, increased cooling, oil- pressure gauge Stock #8582. 

List price $5,215.7o 
^ S a le P r ic e 3/915 
* 
* 

NEW 77 DODGE 

B IOO Van. IOO' wheel base, 225 CID en-' gme, 6 cylinder, tinted windshield, increased cooling, 63 amp alt:, passenger seat, oil pressure gauge, dual low mounted mirrors. 
Stock #8638 

List price $5,637.9o 
$y| 

S a le P ric e 
^ 
/ 4 4 f 

I S 'pro u d TO FEATURE UVE Music A ll DAY LONG BY 
BILL SHORE theo 
SA N A NTONIO P LA [BO YS 
AM TRANSISTOR RADIO FOR H I n it 2oo 
FAMIUES PRESENTING IMS AD! S t U 

I fig 

INVENTORY CLEARANCE 

74 SUBARU 4-Door Standard, A ir 
$1688 
74 HORNET 4-Door, Automatic, A ir........ $ I 988 
Runabout Automatic, a n n 
73 PINTO Air, 21,ooo M ile s............ $2188 
73 MAVERICK loo hooded 
$2588 

75 PINTO Runabout Automatic, A ir ... ..... $2788 

75 TOYOTA Wagon, Automatic, A ir 
$2988 
74 LTD 2-Door Hardtop load e d........... $3388 

74 MONTE CARLO............... $3488 

73 CAMARO Z28................ $3688 
75 OLDS Delta 88 4-Door, 22,ooo M iles... .... $3788 

76 IMPALA 4-Door, AM-FM Tope All Pow er... $3988 

75 GRAN TORINO mZST. 
$3988 

76 MONARCH 
............. $4188 

75 COUGAR XR-7............... $4388 
74 PONTIAC Grand Prix Fully Powered . .... $4388 
75 DODGE Charger 2-Door, AM-FM 
$4388 
75 LTD LANDAU !-».«..............$4488 

76 MONTE CARLO............... $4988 
76 CUTLASS Solon 2-Door, Fully (quipped.. ... $5388 
75 OLDS 4-Door, 98 Regency All Extras... $5988 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

98oo San Cedro OPEN SUNDAY 
341-5571 EXT. 3oo 

77 CUTLASS SUPREME 
4-door, ice blue, autom atic, pow er steer­ ing, pow er disc brakes factory air steel belted rad ial w h ite w a lls , sm all V8, tilt steering, A M -FM stereo, cruise control, 

 rn,, brand n e w ^ 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227.5o41 
SfF Ffii 

733 CADILLAC 

1972 
C a d illa c 4-door 
S e d a n 
D eville. N ice car. $2185. Consider t r a d e to r o ld e r p ic k u p tr u c k 
922-2481 after 5: and all day Sun- dait 1614 W . Rosewood-735-4126 

733 - CADILLAC 

'74 Coupe D e ville . Le ath er inter­ ior. all options, showroom cond. 
$4995, 654-o544 
___________ 

‘72 C A D IL L A C S179o. D R I V E S 
L I K E 
A D R E A M ! 
S T E R E O 
T A P E . 
O T H E R 
E X T R A S . 
828-6959 
'74 C A D IL L A C Eld orad o C o nver­ tible. D ynasty red. W hite top and white interior. V e ry low mi. M int condition. 344-7122 

‘72 Coupe D eville , loaded, extra nice, 54,ooo mi. S2,89S. 826-8948. 

D .J. D U N L A P M O T O R S 
917 B ro ad w ay 
227-2873 
Cad-Olds-Lincoln Clr. 

*68 C a d illa c Fleetw o od , low mi. good condition, $1,195. 824-7721, 
822-9568. 

'73 EID orad o . Leath er inferior, all extras. Price d to sell! Call Rush: 
349-2611.__________________________ 

•72 E l Dorado, 39,ooo miles, clean. 
S42oo. 7am-1opm, 734-2o16. ____ _ 

‘72 C a d illa c F le e tw o o d , 4-door hardtop, S19oo. 661-26o9____________ 
RIATA CADILLAC 
117 L E X IN G T O N 
226-7221 

C A D IL L A C L IM O U S IN E 
V e r y good condition. S255o. 653-98oo. 
734-CHEVROLET 

‘65 C a d illa c . N ice N ew B ra k e s , shocks, tires. Good d ependable tr a n s p o r ta t io n . $6oo. 435-4o63 atter 6 p.m., anytim e Sot., Sun. 

IS 225-16o6 
EXPRESS ANO NEWS 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CALL 22S-1666 

C A D IL L A C 
O LD S 
'77 D e v ille Se d an load ed o n ly 
3ooomi. factory w arra n ty . $9,85o 
'75 
D e ville 
Sedan, fully loaded ................................... $6,85o 
75 O L D S Toronado 
............$5,25o 
‘75 Cutlass S Coupe, sharp $3,995 
74 Eldorado, nice, only 
.. *4,95o i 
'73 Sedan 
D eville, show room new ....................................... *3,995 ! 
71 
Sedan 
D eville, like new w arra n ty . .......................... $2,95o 
D J. D U N L A P M O T O R S 
915 Bro ad w ay_____________ 227-2873 

'73 C a d illa c Sed an D e v ille . Ex- cellent cond. $3195. 684 1578. 

76 Cad Sed. Deville 
Lik e New, W a rra n ty TA8-o1_97. 
J 

‘66 B elair, needs little work, $6oo or m ake otter. 655-7237 
‘75 C a m a ra , a u to m a tic , p o w e r b r a k e s - s te e r in g , a ir , A M - F M stereo. B est otter. 673-8876 before 
3pm.____________________________ 
■71 C A M A R O , B la ck on black. Call 
924-o331 
74 C o m o ro . E x c e lle n t co n d . 
2o,ooo a c tu a l m i. F a c to r y a ir, 
A M - F M , p o w e r s te e rin g . W e ll cared for. Adult owner. 824-4195 atter 5. 
*77 C A M A R O . L ik e new , 6,ooo miles. Loaded. 674-o548. 
_ 
•76 Com oro, loaded, 4,3oo miles. 
$52oo, no equity. 434-8642.________ __ 

'76 C o m o ro , load ed , auto, a ir , power, m ust sell now, w ill help finance. Call W oody 433-1464 

IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CALL 22S-1666 

 i 
A 
T 
E 
M 
I 
L i r 
S 
“ SPECIALS” 
7 6 CHEVROLET S . c^ 
- 
^ 
S 
° 
! r: s4 9 9 5 
, _ r n . g t r u Electra 225 Custom coupe, Factory oir, i C Q Q - 
7 5 B U l v R oil power and extras, clean 
..... J O T J m r / M Ine* Toronado Coupe, factory air, all power , c < n r 
7 5 O L D S and extras. Special . . . f J ................ 
5 4 t 5 
’ T I A i n t Celto 88 Holiday Sedan, factory ail, all , n 
/ J U L U ) pawer and extras, vinyl top, dean z 4 ¥ 5 

 f j m A i n e CuHass Soktn, 4-door, factory air, all w l U ) power and extras, clean......................... J o V 5 

’ T C T A I l r A D XR7 toUPe' fa<tor¥ oif> alt Power S A / .A r 
7 5 C O U G A R and extras, like new..................... 4 6 9 5 

IT Z A i n e 
Svprwne Coupe, factory oir, all , . A A . 
I O U L U ) power and extras, sfereo,-mags;. 
5 2 9 5 

IT C A i n e CutlaM S«pt»ti» Coupe, factory cdr, alf 
/ 5 U L U ) power and extras. Special......................* 4 2 9 5 

I 7C A i n e O O r«9«*«V Coupe, factory oir, all . . . . . 
7 5 O L D ) T O power and extras, ^518o, Special * 5 4 9 5 

. . . . . Granada Ghia, 11,ooo miles, loaded . J , / . - . 
7 6 FORD with extras 
............................* 4 6 9 5 i "yr i- iir w Malibu Classic station wagon, factory . . . . . 
• J S n C Y air, all power and extras..................... 
o o / 5 

 f e a A i n e Custom Cruiser station wagon, factory i . . . . 
7 4 O L D ) air, all power and extras, roof rock ... .1 * 3 6 9 5 
’TA IM CDTI ID V Monarch 4-door, factory oir, all 
_ _ ' 
/ O W l t n v U n l power, and extras, low mileage, 
4 4 9 5 

’ 7 ? A i n e Cut,aSi Supreme Coupe, factory oir, ail 
/ J U L U ) power and extras, “ good looking.' 
J I 7 J 

 n y A i n r ^8 luxury Sedan, factory air, all power , , . . . 
6 7 O L D ) and extras. SHARP................................... * 1 2 9 5 
12,ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE"CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 

74 OR NEWER MODELS 
“CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
. 1oo1 B r o a d w a y • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

WE BUY 
CARS! 

We will buy real clean, 

 sharp used cars and trucks. 

E s p e c ia lly 
American 

Molars 

( a r t s 
. 

Come by and see DICK 

GREEN. 
ALAMO AMC 

I I H San Pedro 

SUPERIOR 
** 
PONTIAC 

B E T T E R H 
U R R Y - T H 
E S E P R I C E S A R E F O R R E A L ! 

7 
6 
P O 
N 
T I A C 

’ 7 6 
P O 
N 
T I A C 
' 4 8 8 8 

1 7 c 
A i n t 
Cuties* Supreme, am w/ 8 trfc, factory air, rot! ye wheel*, vinyl fop, 
, , _ _ _ 
7 5 
O L D S dean cor. ilk. #1-126 WAS $4495 o o NOW T . 
* 4 2 8 8 

. . . n A s m i r 
Catalina 4 doer factory Sir, automatic tronimtuton, power 

7 5 
P O 
N 
T I A C steering, power b re i... stk. #U-1o4S A WAS *3795 OO 
$ 2 8 8 8 

'T C 
Q A S I T I A/- 
CJrond Am 2 door am-tm »teroc bucket K «t factory aa ond t e n o n 
7 5 
P O 
N 
T I A C many extra* *tk #9-93o. WAS $4695 OO. NOW 
.......... 
4 2 8 8 

' f A 
D I ll A l/ Boche 
2 door, factory ae. viny! *©p, oui*# control, mony mony i n / n o 

7 4 
B U I C 
K extra* .tk #1o-998 WAS $4295 6o NOW 
.................... ,........ 
3 6 8 8 

 r-y a n A k i T i a /*• 
Grand Prix SJ. factory ae, , my! fop, Bechic window* tilt *teer- 
7 4 
P O 
N 
T I A C mg, am-Fmstereo »A #9-871P WAS $4395 o o , NOW ....... 
* 3 6 8 8 

7 
4 pontiac 
^ 
. 
<i ! r s 
T i . 5 i : v r 
> 
T 
W 
? s 
' S s 
' ' “ 
" - 
* 2 1 8 8 

7 
4 
P O 
N 
T I A 
C 
* 2 2 8 8 

•-TO 
D / M i l T ! A r factory on au to m at.; trcn*. « w « H errin g pow er n no O I l l 
P O 
N 
T I A C broke*. «fk 
#12-1 '32-R 
W A S 
. . . Z Z S Z . . 
* 2 2 8 6 | 

 m n n m i y i i /» luxury leman*, I door, am tadto w 8 trfc viny) top power s n o o d 
7 2 
P O 
N 
T I A C hearing 4 brake*, ilk . #11-Io18-P. WAS $2795 oo. NOW 
* 2 2 8 8 
. . . . . Challenger, automatic, oir, power steering and brakes, AM-FM . . . . I 

7 3 D O D G E radio, vinyl top, W AS S299S, N O W ....................................................................L S O O J 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADW AY 
• 
92o BROADW AY 
227-5o41 
• 
OPEN EVENINGS 

Urn 
USED 

M i 

[MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
._____ COVERAGE 

T h * P o lic y (hat 

T W C « e r O I M ate)r M * c h o r tle a l R n p o tf s F o r 1 1 
M o h lh s O r 1 3 ,o o o M ilo s , W h i c h e v e r C a m e s 
F irs t! 

* M O T O R S IN S U R A N C E C O R P O R A T IO N * 

*895 

*895 

’ A A O I D C Cutlas* 4-Ooor. Blue with 
W hite top. 
O O v l l r ) Automatic, 
Air, 
Pow er 
Steering ond 
Brake*, AM Radio. Very Cleon 
.............................. r / e n r t k l T I A Z Catalina Coupe, 
W hite with Blue 
O O r V I I I "A * . Steering A Brake*, AM Radio, Only 
58.186 Mile* Super Clean r7 | a i eye Cutlass Coupe, Bro m e with Ton Vinyl Top. 
/ I 
U L I/ / Automatic, Air, Pow er Steering A Brake*, s e n o r 
AM R ad io ........................................................................ 
I V V J 
’ 7 1 n i n e Curios* Coupe, Gold with W hite Vinyl l l U L I / ) Top, W hite Bucket*, Console Automatic, S I O D C 
Air, Pow er Steering A Brakes, AM Radio 
I 
IV A O I D C Curio** 4-Door, 
Beige with Gold Interior, 

I V U L I / ) Automatic. Air, Po w er Steering A Brakes, s i r o c 
AM Radio........................................... 
I 3 7 ) 
IV A SSI n r 98 
Luxury 
Sedan, 
Brown 
Vinyl 
Top, 
/ A U L I / ) automatic, air. 
Pow er steering and brakes, tilt whee! cruise control, pow er windows, S 1 Q Q C 
6-w ay power »eots, AM-FM, almost new tire* 
I O T 3 intr* /- U T I A CC Supreme, Blue with W hite Top, Auto- 
/ A C U I L A ) ) malic, Air Conditioned, Pow er Steer­ ing A Brakes. AM Radio. 6o,ooo miles, Very m i n r 
Clean C a r.................................................................... 
A t t ) tern a i n r Cutlass 4-Door, Blue with Blue Interior, 
/ I U L I / ) Automatic, Air, Pow er Steering A Brakes, SO /IO C 
AM, Very Nice Cor....................................................... 
A H T J i y n D A B IT I A Z LeMans Sport, Metallic Brown with 
I L r U l v l l A v Green 
Interior. 
Automatic, 
Air, 
Pow er Steering, Power Brakes, AM-FM Stereo, SO G O C 
V e ry N ICI C o r .............................................................. 
A 3 7 3 
’ T O A i n e Cutlass Coupe, Brown with Brown In- 
/ A U L U ) terior, Automatic, Air Condition, Power 
Steering and Brakes, AM Radio, 54,5441 Miles. 
V e ry Clean ................................................................. 
*2595 

 i v e D A A IT ! A C Ventura 4-Door, Bronte with Beige 

I L r U N I I A L Interior, 
Automotic, 
Air, 
Power 
Steering A Brakes, AM Radio, S3.263 Miles, Very $ 
C le a n ............... ...................................................... 
1 8 9 5 
Cutlass Supreme Coupe, Blue with Black 
, Air, Pow er Steer* 
■ Stock III W heel* 
*3195 

• we* n i n r Cutlas* Supreme Coupe, 8 
/ s t U L U ) Vinyl Top, Automatic, Air, lag A Brokes, AM Radio, Super Sloe 
A A A A C Oort Swinger, Light Blue with 
W hite 

I O U U U U t Vinyl Top, Automatic 6 cylinder, Air 
SO I Q C 
Condition, Pow er Stearing A Brakes, AM Radio 
L I T 3 

 m n Z U C I f V Chevelle laguna 
4-Door, 
Blue with 
/ J V is e V T W hite 
Top, 
Automatic, 
Air, 
Power m s n r 
Steering ond Brokes, AM Radio 
* 1 7 3 

' TA C A D A Gran Torino Sport, Blue with Blue Vinyl 
I -I t U n U Top, Automatic, Air. Pow er Steering A j n n n r 
B ra k e s ................................................................... 
L Y Y 3 i v e A i n e Cutlass *‘S " Burgund 
I A U L U ) Top, Automatic, Air, 
Brakes, AM .............................. 

Burgundy with W hite Vinyl 
Pow er Steering A 

’74 BUICK Top, 
Automatic, 
Air ” Condition, 
P o w s ^ v n Q r 
Steering A Brakes, AM-FM Stereo, 34,ooo Miles. - - 3 * 7 ) iw x A A A A C Dart 2-Ooor, Green with W hite Vinyl 
/ 4 U U U u f c Top ond W hite 
Trim, 
Automatic, 6 cylinder, Air. Pow er Steering A Brakes, AM, Only 5 o Q Q C 
27,ooo Mile* .............................................................. 
Z V Y 3 
, v r C A D A Granada Ghia, Blue with Blue Vinyl Top, 
/ J r U n U Automatic, Air, Pow er Steering A Brakes, SO A O C 
AM-FM S te re o .............................................................. 
3 o 7 3 

 m r a i n r 
Cutlass Supreme, Blue with W hite Landau 

I J U L U ) 
Root, Automatic, air condition, Power 
Steering, 
Pow er Brakes, 
Sw ivel Buckets with 5 4 ‘JQ C 
Reversible Cushions, AM Radio with 8 Track Tope 
* 4 3 7 ) i v r n A k i n A A LeMon* Sport Coupe, Light Blue with 
I J r U N 11 A L. W hite landau Roof, Automatic, Air, 
Po w er Steering A Brakes, Tilt W heel, AM-FM S J 9 9 5 

 i v e A i n e Cutlass Supreme, W hite with Blue Landau 
/ J U L U ) Root, Automotic, Air, Pow er Steering A 54 IQ C 
Brakes, Blue Corduroy Cloth Seats, AM-FM Stereo 
“ 
1 7 3 
’ T C A i n e Cutloss Supreme, W hite with Blue Vinyl 
I J U L U ) Top, 
Automotic, 
Air 
Condition, 
Power 54 I Q C 
Steering A Brakes, Cruise Control AM-FM Stereo 
7 1 7 3 i v r D I H A I/ Century landau. Silver with Silver Vinyl 
1 3 o U fV .lv Top ond 
W hite 
Buckets, 
Console 
Automatic, SSO VB, Air Condition, Po w er Stearing 
A Brakes, AM-FM Stereo Tope................................... 

Burgundy with White 

*4595 

’ T C A L iC W V Monte 
Carlo, 
Silver with 
Burgundy 

I J L l l c V I Cloth Interior, Automotic, Air, Power > 4 oQ C 
Steering A B rakes 
..................... 
7 * 7 3 
Steering 
»■*/ a i A C Cutlass Supreme Brougham, Silver with 

I O U L U ) Silver Landau Roof. Automatic, Air Con­ d ig n , Pow er Steering and Brakes, Tilt W heel, 
AM-FM Stereo 8 T rack.................. ............................. 

SER VECE, W HAT 
JT'S ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS v 
LEASING 

* 5 1 9 5 

RIATA 
CADILLAC 

317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo M I./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, ond '74 MODELS 

CADILLACS 

11,55o 

75o NX LOOP 41o Af BROADWAY 

77 CHEVROLET SCOTTSDALE 
SHO RT BED Vi ton 4-w heel drive Pickup, like brand new, automatic, power steer­ ing, power disc brakes, factory air, roil- bar. tog lamps, A M -F M stereo with tape deck. only *7295 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227.5o41 

, , _ ( o U P F OeVllll * 

1 1 W h ite W h ite 
SIOAN DeVILLI 
7 7 le m t o t n W h ite 
BROUGHAM 

I o Green White .. 
SEV'Lli 
* 

I O Red Red. 
,7 A SfV)llE s 
/ O Green Green . 
SEDAN OeVllll 

I O White Blue 
, , , CALAIS SIOAN 
/ O Yellow 
(HUPF OeVllll 

I O Red W hite........ 

 m , ELDORADO 
/ O Blue-Blue 
SEDAN OeVllU 

I J Green White 
. 
, _ c SEDAN OeVILlt 
/ J Sdvei Silver 

 m r (HUPF DeVlllf 
7 ) Red While 
COOPE DeVILLE 
/ J Brown While — 
CALAIS SEDAN 

I J Yellow-Blnrk 
, , . SIDAN Deville 

I 4 Yellow Beige 
, , . CoUPF Deville 
# 4 Rosewood White. 
, _ w ELDORADO 

I O Red W hite.......... 

 m n BROUGHAM 
/ 3 Yellow White. 
, 7 A COUPF OeVllll 
Z U Beige-Brown . . . . 

'995o 
1o.45o 
1o.45o 
'925o 
865o 

'945o 
7 9 5 o 
'729o 

7 4 7 - 
*699o 
*779ot 
*645o 
*559o 
*585o 
*465o 
*449o 
*199o 

O T H E R M A K E S 

, 7 . PORSCHE 
$ / O Q C 
7 o Stiver Blade. 
o o 9 ) 
, _ , PONTIAC Gron Prix . . . . . 
7 6 Moroon White.. 
549o 
, 7 , CHEV Impolo 
/ o Sedon, Blue . 
, 7 , CHEV Impolo 

I O Coupe, Blue . 

 m r BUICK Riviera 
7 J Blue White .. 
JAGUAR 
7 ) Yellow 
. 

* t 4 BUICK electro 
$4 a C A 
74 Yellow Yellow ... 425o 

*445o 
*445o 
*5495 
*8975 

FOR R IA T A ’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE D A Y — 
DIAL 
22 RIATA o r 2 2 7 4 2 8 2 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open M on.-frf. 8 A.M. 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. 8 A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

734 CHEVROLET 

734 (M O LET 

73 C H E V Y Ii N O V A SL79o '6' 
S T A N D A R D , A tR , H A T C H B A C K 
LO W M IL E S . 828-6V59 

'63 Chevy ll. P e rfe c t cond., auto., air. 53,ooo original mites. 18mpg. 
623-5281 
'74 C h e vy im p a la 
A ir, A M - FM stereo, good cond $25oo or best otter After 5 4»2 9574 

•72 C H E V Y IM P A L A 
Good cond. $149o. 654 1oo1 

734 CHEVROLET 

‘ 74 C A P R IC E C L A S S IC , 3o,ooo m ile s . 
L ik e n e w ! 
T a k e up paym ents Must ask for Don Holt!. 
225 65o1 

75 C ap rice . 4 door hard top , all e xtras, bv o w n er, c a ll 69o-8378 ofter 5pm 

’76 Caprice Estate W agon, all ex tras, saddle color, 9 passenger, bv owner, 684-5864 

'75 Chevelle M alibu, 4-dr., green with white top. Clean, vin yl inter­ ior $2995. D ays 
532-2454, eves 
6S8-687S. 
'76 Chevrolet C ap rice Lik e new ' 
$4995 W ill trade 923-2883 
1972 Chevrolet Kingswood wagon 
$15oo 623-121o before 5pm 

734 CHWRUltl 
734 - (M O L E T 

‘76 C A M A R O , pow er, a ir. O nly 
16,ooo m iles. F ire th o rn m etallic. 
B e s t o ffe r! C o lle c t: 1-629-1o22 atter 6: 

•75 C A M A R O , red 
Loaded, nice 
Toke up paym ents, 924-667) 

■69 Comoro, 4 speed, good condi hon. SY YOO. 922-o979. 

1974 Comoro, wifes personal cor, 
| 18,ooo m r O r ig in a l ow n er, coll atter 6 w eek d ays, a n y tim e wee- kentts. 656-6291______________________ 

69 Com oro 2 28 3o2, good cond 
525oo or trode. 342-2768.__________ 

 j 72 CapriceC la s s ic Coupe nicely i equip., stereo, radials, I7m pg on 
I regular SI895 655-oo74 

'75 C hevrolel M alibu, low m iles. 
Lik e new. 
S2695 
W ill trade. 
923 2883______________________________ 
•75 C hevrolet M o n te , like new ! 
53195 W ill trode 923 2883___________ 
1975 C hevrolet M o n tu 2 + 2, air, 
16,5oo m r $3ooo or b e st o tter. 
828-2)3o o1 657 3o88________________ 

66 Chevy A it, radio, clean $25o 
Call: 342 o633. 

-71 C h e vy C ustom Im p a la , low m ileage, I owner. 342-o668 

73 CHEVY IMPALA $2389 
Station W agon, L O A D E D ! 

H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M il.tory 922 6317 

•74 C h e w Im p ala. 4-dr., absolute­ ly p e lte d ! Coll 
349 o211 i '64 C h e w Im p ala 4 dr Sedan 327, auto., $4oo or best offer Atter 3 p m 
824 4214. 342 8922.___________ 

| '67 Chevy im p ala Runs good, air, auto $75o 684 8189________________ 
66 C hevy Im p o lo 4 dr with '7o 
(396) engine $45o 333 7982_______ 
' '74 C h e v y im p a la C u s to m , I owner 826 9565, 695-8o56__________ 
66 C H E V Y M alibu, I owner 
$595. 3859 Noggings, 923 28o) 

75 C h e w M alib u C lassic. 4-dr , loaded $295o 657 1988_____________ 

! ’ 7$ C h e v y M a lib u C la s s ic . I owner 826-9565. 695 8o56__________ 
•75 C h e v y M o n ta 4 s p e e d , 4 cylinder 826 9565, 695-Uo56_________ 
68 C H E V Y N O VA 
________ $5oo firm , 733 153o________ 
75 C H E V Y N o v a h a t c h b a c k coupe, im m aculate, $2895. trade, 
342 2o93____________________________ 

73 C H E V Y S T A W G N $1675 
B U Y W H O L E S A L E . S A V E 
A IR , 
AUTO. 4o,ooo M IL E S 35o V-8 E N ­ 
G IN E , 435-1641 
__________ 

# TAKE OVER 9 
PAYMENTS 
It NO IQUITY ti 
74 CUTLASS summit loaded! 
■7$ (AMARO It, 26.ooo milot. 
IO AMD 
‘75 NOVA 2-doot, STANDARD 
75 NOVA 2-door, IOAoLQ 
’75 LORO Pifkvp 
*76 (ORO tun. loaded 
CALI: 222-o986 
ASK FOR DiNNIS 
Atter 8 at nile roll 656-4321 

734 CHEVROLET 

•73 C hevy Vego K om m b ack G T. 
14o, 2bbL, 4-speed, std A ir, top rack , tra ile r hitch N ew b attery, a lte rn a to r, steel ra d ia ls , $IS75. 
826 1669 ofter A p m________________ 
65 Im polo air, auto 
46,ooo mi 
V e ry good cond $6oo. 344 9o7o or: 
Jim , 696 6535 
_________ 

■75 im p a la 
C u s to m , til iiV e g y o p e d 35o engine B e a u tifu l m etallic blue. Only 28,ooo m iles. 
$335o 735 3662 4o3 Culebro_________ 

66 im p a la , 6 CVI , std , r a d io , heater $375 341 5472 atter 5 

69 IM P A L A 4 door 6 c y lin d e r standard, $77o 344 4885___________ 
75 im p a la 4-dr, C reo m . 36.ooo miles. Good rubber, vinyl interior. 
Clean $3295. 732 2297 
72 Im p ala 4 dr hordlop, am Im , 4 n e w s te e l r a d ia ls , v in y l top, power, air, v ery clean, will trade 
5175o 494 366o except S o t_________ 

! '7o Im p ala I dr hotp, le a l cieon 
$1o95 341 o296___________________ __ 

7? IM P A L A 4 dr. loaded, $15oo 
|69» 1939, 734-o515. 

•74 Im p ala station wagon, 9 oas- senqer, clean, good cond $2,95o., 
673-49o2 O tter 6PM __________________ 

74 Im p a la V8, 4 d oo r, lo a d e d ,' 
A M -FM stereo, excellent ru b b e r,' 
S24oo 655-544o____________________ 

•7o Kingswood wagon good cond. ! 
$13oo o1 bes! otter. 434-2153 pit 5 

L e a v in g C o u n try 
M u s t se ll '/ * r* 
Chevette Lo w m iles, und er w o r- ! ra n ly . $3oo down or b est o t t e r ,1 
Ita k e o v e r p a y m e n ts 
K a t h y 
22$ 3295 doys_____________ _ 
L I T T L E D O W N P A Y M E N T O B 
(Good Used C o ts !! W e F in a n c e ‘ 
•We also fin an ce N ew C a rs . W e 
[Take Application B v Ph o n e! CaM, 
Joe 
Edgehouse 
222-8611 or 
222 1685____________________________ 
! 

•76 M a lib u C la s s ic . L ik e n e * , 1' 
;condition 349-7889 

73 M A L IB U 2-Dr. 
Toke over p aym en ts, no eq u ity, 
' cqH Credit M onoger, 349-6948 
I 76 Monte Carlo 35o VS, auto , oir, power, AM F M stereo Lik e new 
$4495 927 2651__________________ 

75 Monte C arlo 
Lo ad ed . E x tr a clean $3595 653 56o7 

74 M O N T E C A R L O , la k e up paym ents 924 6671 

1974 M O N T E C A R L O , F u lly load e d ‘ 826 9565, 695-8o56 
,, 

72 Monte C o ria Arr, all p ow er? stereo Good cond $19o6 342 7893 

•7o Monte C arlo 46,ooo m ile s. I owner Colt 
349 o 2 1 1________________ 

Monte Carlo 1976 full pow er, m ust sell now, will help finance with low down. Coll W oody 433 1464_________ 

•74 M o nte C a rlo . S ilv e r , b lo c k 
Land au roof A ula., p ow er s te e r­ ing, air A M -FM , cru ise control. 
$34oo 653 13o8 

73 Monte C arlo La n d au Absolu rely c re a m p u ff c o n d itio n 1 A ll 
Landau equipm ent Lo w m ileage 
Only $3195 342 4773 atter 6 pm 
M U S T S E L L ’72 B is c a y n e V S 
4 door p o w er, a ir, n ice . $1395 
W ill take trade 655-5o77 

IN TMI tx e u tss N IW 5 
CA U 2 2 5-1 666 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS — 
Saturday April 3o 1977 
73o^743 *trrOMo8l LES 
73o 743-AUTOMOB HES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
7 3 o 7 4 3 AliTOMOBIlf S 

73U743AUToMoBIUS 
7 3 o 7 4 3 H O TO M O B ItfS 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
7 3 C 7 4 3 A U T o W o H tL E S 
7 3 o 7 1 3 AUTO M flBII.ES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILtS 

O. R. MITCHELL DODGE 
8 % OVER FACTORY INVOICE 
APRIL 28-29 & 3oth 
ON ALL NEW ' l l DODGE ASPENS . . . 

JUST THIE RIGHT SIZE—NOT TOO BIG—NOT TOO SMAII 

8% OVER FACTORY INVOICE 

ROYAL MONACO SEDAN & STATION WAGON- 
ENJOY A FULL SIZE FAMILY CAR 
8 % OVER FICI FORT INVOICE 

THE EXCITING NEW CHARGER S.E 

. t i 
* 
' 
' 

VERIFICATION 
OF INVOICE 
AVAILABLE 
UPON 
PURCHASE 

8% OVER FACTORY INVOICE ON ALL 
NEW '77 D-MODEL PICKUPS 
O. R. MITCHELL DODGE 

1 1 3 o B R O A D W 
A Y 
•v 
5 
OPEN EVENINGS— 
2 2 7 - 2 2 8 1 

W , ^ 
, H: 
»\* 
CLEAN SWEEP SALE 
Out of Room — Busting at the Seams! 

REM EM BER: “ lf You Oon’f Buy Your Cur from Tindall's, You’ll Pay Too Much” 

12 MONTHS OR 12,ooo MILES MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MOST 

’ 7 A P H K ! . ' loaded, 
I O I* USV. IV landou lop, ct Mise coit 

14,ooo milos. hoi, tilt wheel, power door locks, $ 

 s*g# 
. . . Supreme, landed, 
FO C U 11 A J O 13,ooo miles 

S388 

.’76 GRAND P R I X l“""t 
Edition, sun-roof............ 
76 MONTE CARLO Landau loaded. 

 vinyl roof, 21,ooo miles. 

‘5288 
’76 BONNEVILLE 
Brougham, nice.................................... 

/ ' L l T W V impala wagon, 
9 pas 
I O V f l t V T senger, fully loaded, cruise, AM EM, tilt, power door locks, . 
14,ooo miles 
. 
* 4 9 o o 
76 GRAND PRIX S t * *4688 

7788 
*4388 

*4588 

 loaded, stereo, 
*3688 

*3288 

7 5 CONTINENTAL^ ,v loaded, sunroof............................... 

’75 OLDS S B ..1’!-. 

’75 GRAND PRIX m u ! 
31.ooo m iles..................................... 

• Y e e r r o r s G’onada, 2-door, 6-tyltnd 
I J r U K U er, automatic, 
AM IM stereo. 21,ooo miles............................... 

’75 CATALINA m lli cruise co ntro l........................ 

’ 75 TORO S 
. 
' 3788 

* < v r n 
A i i T l A / * 
C r o n d A M 
4 - d o o r , 
7 5 P O N T I A C loaded, 
2o,ooo J 9 7 Q Q miles............................. j/u O 

• Y e / I T 
H 
I A I a ' • a g o n , l o a d e d , 
I J 
C 
A 
T 
A 
L 
I N 
A 
A M F M t a p e . s o n o cruise, l o w miles............................................jVtSo 

’75 MERCURY S T 1' °K *i 
29.ooo m iles............................................ 

’74 MERCURY S , m-n stereo, vinyl fo o f................................... 

>3988 

‘3988 

’74 BUICK S $ r . ; ^ r w '2988 

’74 GRAND SAFARI * S 
AM IM with 8-trark, cruise control, . . . . . tilt wheel, power door locks. a 3 O O 

’74 CATALINA i t ’ i..I t * ,'2588 

7 4 CATALINA m w ,.h" 4l’p' ’2388 

’73 GRAND PRIX L ? with 8-track, loaded, power windows, . . . . . maroon.................................................... 
2 t o o 

’74 MONTE CARLO ITS stereo, loaded 
3 3 o O 

'74 MONTE CARLO SS* „ „ „ „ 
Ft 1o21 a .......................... 2988 

• Y O C A t a I i i i a 2 door hardtop, 
/ / C A T A L I N A loaded, 
AM LM 
. . 
. stereo with tape deck. 
2 6 8 8 

• Y O A l r t e Cutlass 
Supreme, full 
/ J U l U j power, 
AM EM stereo, power door locks, tondau vinyl roof 

• Y O A i n 
/ Cutlass 
S , loaded, 
/ 3 U L U J vinyl ro o f.............................. 

* 7 7 A i n t ^u*,om 
Cruiser 
Wagon. 
/ 5 U L U J boded, 6-passenger............. 

’ 7 7 D I l l / * I / *-8{,ra T25, 4 door, pow 
/ J D U IV .IV et and air, tilt wneel, cruise control, vinyl ro o f........................ 

’73 CADILLAC fully loaded............................................ 

• Y O D A A IV ! A / ” Catalina 
Station 
/ 3 r U 
N 
I I A C 
Wagon, loaded 

’ 7 7 D I I I F U Riyiero’ 
9reen with 
/ 3 B U I C K green vinyl roof, fully boded, o real b u y 
......... 

7 3 AMO Sportabout 
.. 

• Y O / * u c w v Itnpola 2-door hardtop, 
/ 3 
C H I V Y a cieom puff.................. 

• Y n l f A i i t A 
M C . automatic, air, 
I i V U L V U AM EM. 38,ooo miles 

*2988 

*2788 

*1988 

1788 

*3688 

*1588 

*2788 

*1888 

*2488 

*3188 

72 DATSUN 
*1588 

7 2 p o n t i a c S ; ; pot: steering, power brakes, air, vinyl roof...................................................... 1988 

'72 CAPRI i'n° 
> 
'1388 

’71 CATALINA ££} 
'1288 

’71 CADILLAC EUt:. 
'2688 

’ 7 f t I C M A h ic 4 (*oor' P°wer ' ,ser- 
I O L E iY l A ig j ing, power brokes, air, nice cor....................................... 
I 3 8 8 

TR U C K S 

• T Y r u 
F 
Hi Sierra, fully loaded with , , , * « « 
/ / U tv V sleeper, 8,ooo miles.. 
6 4 8 8 

’75 El CAMINO t 
'3888 

75 GMC;i' ,7 ”>,rA 
'3788 

74 GMC Sierra, loaded 
*3288 

• Y O r a a / - SuPef Cul,om v? ,on Pitk' i n Y O O 
/ 3 L llV iC up, red with white LUST 
. 2 / 8 8 

72 FORD S r .” ’" 
'2688 

’71 FORD live,’’lily 
'2188 

• MANY MORE CARS AND TRUCKS TO CHOOSE FROM • 
★ On the Spot GMAC Financing! ★ 
Tindall and Son Pontiac-GMC 

39oo SAN PEDRO • OPEN EVENINGS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE • 736*1565 

TAKE OVER 
PAYMENTS 
A N D ASSUM E B A LA N C E 

27 other cots to choose from. Most have air and power 

Rflrtiol Ii** 
74 GR SND HRX SS, lo a d e d ................ 
'65 MUS f ANG 
’Id CUftMS Supreme 
I i CUTI *S S .............. 
71 OOOOI Deme- 
, 
67"D»'SUN . 
I i GRAN TORINO 
. 
75MONIA 2+ 2 . . . . 
M CHIVY Van 
74 CHEV* Impala 
. 
69 je u ................... 
69 f JRO invite Wogoi 
76 tim ................. 
M SO ut romper . . . . l l DODGI Von . . 
71 LORD Club Wagon 
73 PONTIAC Carolina. 

 b l. 

533*8 
5 i l l 
STI 8? 
5296/ 
996 
} i l l 
52976 
52487 i r n 
5148? 
5 396 
5 161 
54868 
55486 
51o81 
51768 
51586 
53981 
53142 
74 GRAND 
Call 
RICK CARTER 
2 2 2 - 1 6 8 5 
2 2 2 - 8 6 1 1 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

735 CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S LE R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
DO DG E and G M C P IC K U P S 
823 No. M ain B oerne 249-3566 
D IR E C T L IN E : 226-5515 

65 C h r y s le r , 525o. 
A ls o 
67 
'C h ry s le r, $2oo. 
AU p o w e r, a ir. 
349-4861._______________ ___________ 
•72 C h r y s le r , 4 -d o o r h a r d t o p . clean, 51375. 661-26o9______________ 
71 C h ry s le r 4 d r N e w p o rt R o yal, lik e new. Q uick ta le 5145o. C a ll 
7 3 2 - 7 8 3 1 ________ 

72 C H R Y S LE R N e w p o rt, cu s to m , loaded. 78,ooo m i. 5145o. 333-5o16 
66 C H R Y S L E R N E W P O R T 
5695. C A L L : 824 1356 
C H R Y S LE R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo NW LOOP 41o a l C u le b ra 
684-661o 

JA C K R E IG E R 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H 
581o SAN P E D R O ________732-8211 

N e w p ort C ustom , 71. 2 d oo r, e x­ c e lle n t c o n d itio n . N e w b a tte r y , good tire s. V e ry cle an . M u tt te ll, 
51,35o. 828-8o38. 

67 N e w p o rt 3 n e w ” f ir e s , $45o 
494-6o9o; 699-3241._________________ 

76 NEW Y O R K E R , F u lly loaded, a ft 5pm 494-3546. 

736 DODGE_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

73 C H A L L E N G E R 5238o 
O r Bos! O tte r— 224-6956 
'76 C h a r g e r D a y to n a . 
F u lly equipped in c lu d in g s u n ro o f, ster- eo, lope deck. 734-6o4o ___________ 

'68 D a rt, a ir, auto, good tra m p e r- ation, 545o, 733-1479.____________ 
73 D a rt S w inger. 2-dr. B lu e, w h ite v in y l roof. B lue in t., a uto ., 6 cyl. 
A ir , p o w e r, S7oOO. 273-3831 ; 
648-3oo5, M r. M u rra y . 

7o D O DG E 44o C o ro ne t. 9 -p a s s „ wag., a ir. ra c k , 318-auto, 
$69$, 
674-o458. 
75 D o d g e 'c o ro n e t. 2-dr C u stom . 
9.ooo m iles, C a ll. 349-o2H. 
72 Dodge C oronet W agon, A u to ., a ir , a ll p o w e r, ro o f ra c k . N e w b a tte ry and shocks. L ow m ile a g e . 
Im m a c u la te ! 52295. 661-3994 a tte r 
6. 

TS Dodge D a rt. auto, a ir, c ru is e . 
Best o ffe r 349-59o2, 342-588o 
'68 Dodge sta tio n w a go n , 318 en ­ g in e . 9 p a s s e n g e r, V e r y g o o d co nd itio n! 
565o 
4o3 
C u le b ra , 
735-3662 

?l Dodge S w inger, 4 d r., a u to m a - tic, a ir, 5995 
C all M a n u e l 
341-9433 
D o dg e V a n , '74. 528So o r b e s t o tte r. E x c e lle n t cond. 674-2528 o r 
! 673-2481 
7? F o r d L T D 
2 d o o r ’l o , b b l j wiles. I ow ne r. C a ll: 349-o211. 
734 CHEVROLET 

CASH FOR 
YOUR CAR 
TOP PRICE PAID FOR ' 
CLEAN USED CARS (TRUCKS 
ANT MODEL 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o B R O A D W A Y 
227-5o41 

SACRIFICE 
'?2 2 d r C h e w Im p a la , a ir, v in y l top. stereo 696-7987 
$1695 

1975 S IL V E R A D O - IW B p ic k u p , 
C-2o, 2o,ooo m ile s, 454, auto, ra d io , a ir , p o w e r s te e rin g , a u x ilia r y ta n k cru ise , 55,295 
TOM B EN SO N IM P O R T S 
95oo SAN P E D R O 
341-1356 
T a k e o v e r paym en ts, no e q u ity 7 3 
NOVA 
C a ll: 
824-76o6 a tte r 
7: 
494-5734______________________ 

Take over p a ym e n ts on 7 4 N ova 
Call 222-o986 ask F o r D e nn is o tte r 
8.-456-4321 

734 - CHEVROLET 
7 3 4 - M O L E T 

1974 N O V A C u s to m c o u p e , V-8, b o ir if o f A m e ric a m a g s , a u to , ra d io , a ir, s o w e r s te e rin g . $2995 
TOM B L NSON IM P O R T S 
95oo SAN P E D R O 
341-1356 

’7 6 NOVA 2-DOOR 
V-8, a u to m a tic , a ir, s o w e r . *3795 
Jb-M tbG N M trs . 223-52o1 S eguin 

• 7cl N o v o , vs s it.OOO nil., g o o d 

72 N ovo 6 cyl, auto, 4 d r, e x c e l­ le n t cond, 5H95. 623-5155. 
C A L L I J S - 1 6 6 6 

T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts on 
*75 
C a m a ro C a ll 222-o986 a * k t o r 
Dennis o tte r 8:-656-432l 

‘73 V E G A outo. a ir p e rfe c t tra il- s p o lia tio n , 
5695. 
734-o515, 
699-1939. 

•77 V E G A GT 
4 speed 658-8884_________ 

I i V E G A G T 4 speed, a ir, 51o95. 
A lle r 6 pm , 337 6513. 

INSTANT CASH 

<V ; 
' 
' 
“ 
Paid, ort the spot for clean v ie d car* and trucks. Stop in , for free appraisal- 
. t 

USED CAR DIPARTMFNT 
TOM BENSON 
CHEVROLET 
94oo San Petro 
, 

72 G alaxy. 4-dr., e x c e lle n t cond. 
$1495. 824-1356; 922-o511. 
G as S aver, 1974 Colt, low m i. fa c ­ to ry a ir, 2-door h a rd to p , $1,85o. 
655-5567.____________ 

W A N T TO B U Y 
1971 D o d g e 
C h a rg e r and tra ile r. R e aso n ab le 
P rice. 435-3563. 
737-FORD 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Take up p a ym e n ts w ith Q u a lifie d c re d it. A p p lic a tio n s a c c e p te d b y 
Phone. No a p p lic a tio n re fu s e d m r e a r l 
227 1415 

734 - CHEVROLET 

'74 V E G A H a tc h b a c k . A ir , a u ­ to m a tic , new ra d ia l tire s , fa c to ry 

75 Vega H a tc h b a c k c o u o e , 52,ooo 
435-2485, 224-829o, 341-6493________ 

77 V eg a 4 -sp e e d . 48,ooo m ile s . 
A ir, ra d io , D e fle c t! 51195 f ir m 

 ii4 • oHEVROLEf 

I'73 Vega H a tchb ack 7 d r. sid . a ir, clean, reasonable. 432-o565. 

71 V E G A S T A T IO N W A G O N 
AIR 575o, C A L I 
661-5216. 
Copt T hom pson 653-8894 q fte r 6: w a n t to b u y 64-68 a u to c n e v v and w eekend m o rn in g s station w agon body. 435-8889 

BIO COONTRY FORD 
San A ntonio 
C a ll: 227-o86o 
C R E S T ? a P P L ! C A T IO N 
B y 
Phone. W ith L ittle C re d it you Can 
D riv e A N E W o r U S E D C AR or 
; T R U C K I C a ll: J e s u s Z a p a ta 
| 222-8611 o r 222-1685________________ 

7o F a ir la n e 2 -d o o r. 3o2, a ir , pow e r stee ring . 54oo. 342-7o91. 

7o F a lc o n a u to . n ic e c a r . *895 best o fte r 656 1ooo 

75 F o rd g lile , e x tr a c le a n ! 'a ll p ow e r, a ir. a m -fm s te re o 
2o,ooo m ile s sp oke h u b c a p s , w h ite on w h ile , 54695. 653-5593. 

I 
CAVENDER 
OLDSMOBILE COMPANY 
ANNOUNCES A 
SPECIAL SALE! 
1 9 7 7 OLDSMOBILE 
O M E G A 

COU 

AS OUR 
STOCK NO. I 576 
4725 

 r n 

4-DOOR 
SEDAN 

AS OUR 
STOCK NO. 
1818 
*4795 
★ Equipped with the Following Options ★ 

• V6 ENGINE 
• AIR CONDITIONING 
• POWER STEERING 
• POWER BRAKES 
• AUTOMATIC 
TRANSMISSION 

« AM RADIO 
• TINTED GLASS 
• BODY SIDE MOLDINGS 
• DELUXE WHEEL DISCS 
• WHITE SIDEWALL 
TIRES 
CAVENDER OLDSMOBILE 
8o1 BROADWAY 
• 
226-7 35 3 

“ CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER ’ 

Behold! 
The CROWN LANDAU 

An exclusive 1977 Century Buick that only looks expensive 

• Beautiful Crown Molding 
• Popular Landau top 
• Top Performer 
• Great Economy 
• Specially Built, Specially Priced 

A vailable only at your 
San Antonio Buick Dealers 

Charles Orsinger 
45oo San Pedro 
734-4221 

Spires-Douglas 
5o1 Broadway 
226-1361 

1974 EL CAMINO 
SUPER SPORT 

A u to . A ir, P o w e r s te e rin g 

 p o w e r w i n d o w , 
A M 
F M 

Stereo Tape E xtra cle an , B m 

 w i t h 
B e i g e 
V i n y l t o p 
o 1 3 4 7 A 
[ 

19o1 BROADWAY 
224 SMU 

A N C I 3 / 1 W 
I N 
T O 
N 

, 
19o1 B R O A D W A Y 

224- S516 
IEM 
• i t F o rd E lit e . L o a d e d ! N ic e 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

‘63 fO R O F A IR L A N D 
734-9777 

1964 F ord F a irla n e S po rts C oupe, 
$35o. Coll 433-33oo. 
_____________ 
F o rd G a la x y 5oo 
7o 
A u to , a ir , e xcellent cond. 51195 673-282o 

F o rd G ro n a d a I d r L an da u . M u s t sell (Dday W ill help fin a n c e Coll 
Ken 433-1464 

•73 F o rd G ra n T o r in o s ta tio n wagon. New c o n d itio n ! N ew tire s . 
F u lly equipped. $2375-735-3662-4o3 
C ulebra 

'74 F o rd C ra n T o rin o 2dr H T , fu ll p o w e r, m u s t s e ll n ow , w ill h e lp finance Coll Joe 433-1464 

72 FO R D L T D 512957*15 
V S, H A R D TO P . V E R Y C L E A N i 435-1641 

DEVINE FORD INC. 
NO. I Beating Uptown Prices 

• LOW OVtRHiAD • VOLUME SALLS 
SMAII PROFIT DEALER 
GUARANTEES 
$2 o o . to $5 o o . 
IN SAVINGS! 
ON ALL CARS & TRUCKS 

DEVINE FORD INC. 
8o1 N. TEEL DR. H IG H W A Y 81 
DEVINE, TEXAS 

S A Phone 6 7 7 - 8 2 o o 
D evine 6 6 3 -2 8 76 

71 F o rd L T D 2 -d o o r v-B , o ir . 
$12oo. C a ll: 341-o982 
■72 F o r d L T D . 2 -d o o r. 4 o,8 oo m iles. I o w n e r, C a ll: 349-o211, 

737- 

•72 FO R D L T D . P o w e r s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s , a ir , 67,ooo m ile s 
518oo. o r b e s t o ffe r . E x c e lle n t co nd itio n. 658-2519. 

1974 El CAMINO 
CONQUISTA 

V 8 a u to a ir. p o w e r s te e r­ 

 in g , 3 6 O O O m ile s, b lu e a n d 

 w h r te , 1 1 2 4 9 A 

A N C I R A W 
I N T O 
N 

1 9 o 1 B R O A D W A Y 

3 2 4 - 5 5 1 6 

737-Fo1Io 

‘71 F O R D L T O 2 -doer, V -*, 
51,ooo 341 o982 

■7! FO R D L T O B ro u g h a m , pov a ir, am -fm , good cond 
Si 
342-1562 

F o rd 197o L T D B ro u g h a m , e xcel lent. One o w n e r. $115o, 661-2741 a fte rn oo n s 

75 F o rd L T D C ounTry S q u ire 9 p a s s e n g e r W a g o n , a ir , p o w e r, luggage ra c k , s p lit bench p o w e r seats, a m -fm ta p e d e c k , 46o an ­ oine, new tire s , lo w in g p a c k a g e , v e ry clean. 1-569-4oo7. A fte r 6, I-, 
IQ gE g 569-4o14 P le asa nto n. 
•74 F o rd L T O . P o w e r s te e rin g , a ir. N ew tire s , b ra k e s . R e a s o n a ­ ble. By o w ner 658-2o37 
74 FORD LTD 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e o u i cat) C re d it M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

San Antonio E X P R E SS -N E W S — Saturday A p ril 3 o I 9 7 7 
P a g e 
5 -P 

Automotive supplier critical of air bags 

31Sp 
^ m 
V 
. C M S ' 

SPECIAL TO THt EXPRESS NEWS 

Most people applauded former Tran­ sportation Secretary William Coleman for organizing a 44o,ooo-car experimental program to test air bags. 

But Charles Ohly, executive vice presi­ dent for automotive operations of TRW, challenges the eost-benefits of this pro­ gram. 

TRW, a world-wide automotive supplier with sales of $1.3 billion, has a seatbelt manufacturing facility in Germany, as well as an operation in Michigan which last year did $15o million worth of business. 

When asked about Coleman’s air-bag 
• program, Ohly said, “ I would challenge 
'tho cost-effectiveness of such a program. 
I'd like to see a good trial on widespread use of seat belts. To me, for a fraction of 

 the cost, the results of the seat belts and shoulder harnesses have been quite good.” 

Mandatory program 

Ohly would like to see some of the states try out a mandatory seat-belt use pro­ gram. He said about 21 stall's have been studying compulsory usage. 

Regarding the promotion that s needed to get such a seat-belt program going, he said, “ I don’t see much going on frankly. 
I see all the headlines on air bags, anil the insurance people seem to tout air bags. I don’t understand why something as sim­ ple as a shoulder belt and seat harness isn t encouraged.” 

As to why the U.S., a world leader in automotive safety, isn’t doing anything 

.serious about mandatory seat-belt use,1 
Ohly continued, “ Maybe it’s our very de­ mocratic system — people in Washington like to do what’s popular. And it’s not j popular to tell somebody that they must do (his or they must do that. I think we I back away, whereas in some of these | other countries they just rap on the table and say ‘that’s it.'” 
Encouraged 
TRW has a substantial program under way in Germany to make seat belts more pleasant and easier lo use. Ohly said he was encouraged by the compulsory use of seat belts in Germany and in most other 
European countries because ifs proving lo be a very simple, direct way to reduce high casualty rates on the highways. 
Automotive Information Council reports 
Australia has compulsory belt laws and the results have been good. Usage is up and public acceptance has been excellent. 

G M C Truck & Coach Division o f G e n era l M otors has been selected for the fourth consecutive year to provide o fficia l support vehicles for the Indianapolis 5 o o on 
M a y 2 9 . In a d d itio n , G M C w ill p ro d u ce a lim ite d 

 number o f pickup trucks which are replicas o f the actua race support vehicles for sale through p a rticip a tin g 
G M C dealers. 

A U T O W O q V * P l VP LA T 
AU TO M OTIVE o K A L A T 
AU TO M O TIVE O K A I AT 
AUTOMOTIVE OKAL AT 
AUTO M OTIVE O K A L AT 

EXAMPLES OF OUR LOW-LOW POKES W W W 

'77 Ventura 
■ 
H 
H f 
; coupe all power a nd air, Landau tap;1 4 ,o o o m ile s . .W arranty. 

, '77 Bonneville 
Brougham 

4 -d o o r s e d a n , 5 ,5 o o 

'77 Grand Prix LJ 

^ tone paint, 4oo en- 
H ^ 
V g in e , b u m p e r g u a rd s cruise control, le a th e r upholstery, power w in ­ dows, seats and door locks, AM -FM stereo tape. 
Demo, extended warranty, *■ 
, 
V ‘ 
V 

W as $5789 a 
NOW *4695 
W as $7896 
NOW < 

'77 Catalina 

4-door sedan, power- a n d a ir, 6 c y lin d e r^ 
'• ^ m o to r, body*** ide> 
•' 
'■ 
• * moldings, accent stripes. Demo.- extended w a r­ 

 ranty'. 
•■•••/ # 
' 
" i'S - . v 

W as $6631 
NO W 5395 

 c r ’ * Vs lr Ti' • 
'V •:i 
• 
V V - 
:*,'• , , ■ £ **- ’-/».* 
'77 Firebird 

S p e cia l Edition, all pow er and air, auto- r VT' m a fic,cruise control. 

77 Grand Prix, 

2 door Hardtop, all powe and air, automatic, accent stripe, steel belted radial ~ 
'"fi- '?v 
, tires, Ducket seats, lam p group, mag wheels, body side moldings. 
'•» 
’ 
- r 
. 
.1 . 

W as $6475 .................. NOW ^ 5 5 9 5 

' ' • "U 
S . 4$ . 
■ ’ ' 

W as $8192 

'77 Sunbird | 
2 -door c o u p e , a ll power and air, auto­ matic, molding groups 

W as $5o57 I;. 

NOW 

NOW *4498 

 air, automatic,;; cruise control. . 
''*• 
,4 ; 
6.6 litre 
-- / v? 
*' engine 
*6995 

 front stabilizer, 
A M radio, bumper and gauges 

'77 OMC 

I Mi t o o p i c k u p , power and air, reg­ u la r f uel-4e n g in e , 

SAN ANTONIO S OLDEST PONTIAC-CMC M A L n 
TINDALL AND SON PoNTIAC-6MC 
39oo SAN PEDRO/ S 
///"V- V V * — V v T7361561 

NEED A NICE CAR!!! 
4 > DON’T MISS 
THESE JACK RIEGER SPECIALS 

, j - OtOS Cutlass Supreme, 2 door hardtop, air, power, 
I J silver, maroon interior, and rooof........................ 
, — « CHRYSLER Newport Custom 4 door, hardtop, air, 
/ J power, 12,388 miles, ' like New ....................... 
COMET 2 door, 6 cylinder, air, power, 21,534 
/ J miles................................................................ 
$ " r n THUNDERBIRD, air, power, electric seats and win- 
/ U dows, 32,711 miles............................................. 
AMBASSADOR Brougham, air, power, cruise con- 
/ L trol, none cleaner................................................. 
, — . CHEVY Novo, air, power steering, 

J 4 standard............................................................. 
OLDSMOBILE ToRoNADo. Automatic, power, AM i i EM stereo, electric seats and windows, cruise con­ trol, tilt wheel, 41,ooo miles................................. 
FORD Granodo, 2 door, 3o2, V-8, oir, power, vinyl 
/ O roof, 23,852 miles, like new................................. 
, — - CORDOBA. Air, power steering, power brukes, 
/ J power seats, power windows, power door locks, cruise control, tope deck, 23,ooo miles................ 
VALIANT Duster. 2 door hardtop.^ slant 6, air, 
/ J power, 5 new tires........................* ................ .. 
, - r MAVFRICK, 2 door, standard, power steering, 
/ Z > 2o,325 miles...................................................... 
, 7 « OLDS Cutlass Salon, 4 door, air, power, vinyl tool, 
/ i console with bucket seat, 42,68o m iles................ 
IMPERIAL Le BARON. 4 door hardtop, all power and 
/ L oir, 6o 4o seats, 55,ooo mile cai........................... 
, — . CHRYSLER Towne Country Wagon. Duul oir, power 
/ i steering, power windows, rock on top. Clean....... 
CHRYSLER Newport Royal. 2 door hardtop, sunroof, 
/ L split seats, power, cruise control, 52,926 miles. Red, white vinyl roof.................................................. 

1 - j p CORDOBA Power, air, good color, crushed velour 
/ J interior, 36o, V-8, cruise control, vinyl roof. Clean.. 
LINCOLN CONTINENTAL MARK IV. Air, power, electric 
/ A seats, 6o/4o, electric windows and door locks, AM 
FM stereo. Special price 

 s4l 95 
*2695 
*2795 
*1695 
*1795 
*1995 

*2695 
*4295 

*4495 
*2695 
*2595 
*2595 
*2395 
*1795 

*1595 
*4295 

*3595 

H 
E 
R 
T 
Z 

Q U A LIT Y USED CARS 

FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 

’“ 
H 
S 
, ......... 
'^395 

’75 COMETS 
4-door$ . .. . 
‘2595 

76 CAM AROS 
2-door.................. *4195 

’76 IMPALAS 
Station Wagons . . . . *4695 

’76 MONTE CARLOS 
.......................... 
*4395 

7 6 MONARCHS 
4-door................ 
3895 

’76 NOVA’S 
4-door...................‘3395 

12 month/12, OOO mile (which ever occurs first), power train warranty. Ask for details. Call: 

8 3 6 - 9 6 6 5 
MERTZ SERVICE CENTER 

„ 1331 SO. 

 fierczg TERMINAL DR. 
EXIT OFF 41o 
IAT AIRPORT BLVD 

737 -FORD 

JACK 

5 8 o o 

OTHER BARGAINS 

CH EV Y C h e v e lle , a ir , p o w e r .................................. 
* 
6 9 b 

C A O IllA C E S ed an D e v ille , a ll e x t r a s 
* 
8 9 5 

FO RD LTD W a g o n , a ir , p o w e r . 
.........* 1 2 9 5 

T O Y O T A A u to m a tic , a i l 
* 1 3 9 5 

CH A R G ER (2), a ir, p o w e r , ( e ith e r ) .................... 
* 1 o 9 5 

P O N T IA C C a ta lin a , a ir , p o w e r .................................* 1 3 9 5 

P LY M O U T H Fu ry, a ir, p o w e r ..................................* 1 3 9 5 

P L Y M O U T H Fury 

 u 

74 GAUME’5oo’ 
4-door Sedan. Loaded! Vinyl root, 
E x tra clean ......................... J27#9 
H E M P H IL L M CCO M BS 
FO R D SO UTH SIDE 
19o) SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

1 1 9 5 

737-FORD 
737-FORD 

‘68 F O R D M U STA N G 
VS, Auto. S1ooo. Jim : 661-4511 
•67 F o rd M u sta n a . One ow n er. 
826-9565 69S-8o56______________ _ 
1V75 Ford Pinto 3 door Runabout auto and air. Must sell now W ill help finance. .Call Lorry 433-1464 
; r73 Ford Pintu, 4 speed, excellent 
| condition £1375 684-3382_________ 
•73 F o rd P in to W aijon S q u ire package. 826-9565, 69S 8o56_______ 
I (2) ‘SS F O R D S , I in e x c e lle n t running condition, 2nd one to rob tor p a rts. Both tor S89S. C ash 
«-1 alae 

•73 F O R D Squire wagon, $2295 , 
226-o29); 226-o292_______________ 

’76 FO R D TORINO 
2 d r. T a ke o v e r p a ym e n ts, n o , equity, coll 
Credit 
M anager, 
349 6948_________________________ 
■69 Ford Torino. 4-dr., V8, auto , I air. Clean, orig owner. 342-4494 
1974 FO R D Torino Elite, vinyl top, auto, radio, air, power steering, 
$3595 
TO M B EN SO N IM PO R TS 
95oo SAN P ED R O 
341-1356 

GALE MOTOR CO 
•73 Ford Ctrv Won ............. $1495 
•73 Pinto, A ir ............ 
S H ’ A 
•7o Buick LeSabre 
................SWS 
71 Datsun wagon 
.......... $?9$ 
'65 Chevy Van ........................$8VS 
'69 L T D Ctrv Sau-re 
.........$895 
ON TH E SPO T FIN A N C IN G 
____________ 225-6452 
________ 
•76 G ranada 4-dr Air, stereo, like n e w ! 
M u st s e ll. T a k e o v e r paym ents. ST SS mo 342-3776. 
•76 Granada only 7 mo. old, $225o under list, m ust se 
525 
_______ 
•72 G ra n T o rin o V8, auto, a ir, discs, vinyl top. 684 5358.________ 
•73 G ra n T o rin o wagon, am in i stereo, air, power, luggage rack, superb cond. $235o. 494-7373. 
7G-GRAN-ToRINQ §3595 
16,ooo m iles, A M -F M stereo. A ll extras. M ust sell 494-23o8 

J A C K R I E G E R 
HUGE INVENTORY SALE 

/ 
’77 FURY •. 
'-'A 
'■ 
•■/■•. 
'tie. 
.tv. 
-i,* 
2 Door Hardtop, VBJ : 
' P ow er Steering, P.o*V- 
• er .Brakes," Autom atic, 
Air, 
Tinted V Glass, - 
W hite Side W a ll TW* v es, 
SPECIAL 
O f THE' 
WEEK * 7 1 5 3 ' 
T; 
• v$48?9® 

’77 FURY 
S P O R T 
S U B U R B A N 
9 
P a s se n g e r 
W a g o n , 
H as 
AU 
Th e 
P o p u la r 
E q u ip m e n t 
C ru ise 
C o n tro l, 
P o w e r 
T a il 
G a te , A M -F M S te re o , 
M a n y O th e r O p tio n s , 
* 7 1 3 7 
LIST: $ 7 2 5 1 
$63!9 

/■ V 
’77 ■ 
/ PLYMOUTH r‘ $ ARROW 

K f k, M t o 
Choose From 

 i i ” S T A R T IN G A T: 
" .ii 

77 VALORE 

S P O R T C O U P E , 6 C y l­ in d e r, 
T w o 
T o n e 
P a in t, 
A u to m a tic , 
P o w e r, 
A ir, 
W h ite 
S id e W a ll T ire s, D u al 
S p o rt 
M irro rs , 
M a n y 
O th e r E x tras, * 7 2 o 5 
*4873 

,7 7 NEWPORT . 

2 D o o r H ardtop, This 
Loaded Full Size Car has 
Pow er 
Seats, 
8 
Track, 
ESPECIAL 
“ 
TRIM" 
TOP, 
Lean 
Burn Engine * 7 1 1 6 , v . 

77^RAN FURY ^ 

“ FULL 
SIZE" 
4 ,DdoF/>' 
Sedan, 
All 
Popular i - 
Equipmertt, 
C ro is g . 
Control, , A M -F M Ste­ reo, 
M any-1 
O th e r * 
; E x tras * 7 1 1 2 
• * 
■ 

S P E C IA L ■/ 
>5977 

 s3296 

’77 VOLARE 

4 
D o o r 
S e d a n , 
V 8 , 
P o w e r S te e rin g , P o w ­ e r B ra k e s, A u to m a tic , 
A ir, 
A M -F M 
S te re o , 
W h ite Side W a ll T ir­ es, 
M a n y 
O th e r 
C - tras, * 7 1 6 o 
...O n ly 
*4928 

S A V E 
■ 
■ 

* 1 1 2 1 

7 7 NEWPORT 

4 D o o r S e d a n 5 o / 5 o 
S e a ts, 
L e a n 
Burn 
E n g in e, Electric C lo ck , 
A u to m a tic , 
P o w e r 
S te e rin g , 
P o w e r 
B ra k e s, 
A ir, 
E X T R A , f X TR A SPECIAL: 
* 7 1 2 8 
*5888 

- h . Hon* 
Thongs 

1 '77 
CORDOBA’S 

W e h a ve a Special on 
’/ JU!,’ ? C ord ob a ’* 
. ,%•. 
^ Partially Equipped ta 
7’ Fu ily 
E q u ip p e d '.* . . 
: OVER 3o TO CH OO SE I 
FROM 
, 

JACK RIEGER 

C 
H 
R 
Y 
S L E 
R 
- P 
L Y 
M 
O 
U 
T 
H 
J 

LIQUIDATION SALE ON 1977 
COMPANY & EXECUTIVE CARS 

OUR CO M PAN Y AND EXECUTIVE CARS ARE USED EXCLUSIVELY BY 
US FOR ONLY 9o DAYS. RIGHT N O W WE HAVE A GOOD SELEC­ 
TION. THESE CARS HAVE NEVER BEEN LICENSED; SO THE NEW 
BUYER WILL BE THE FIRST OWNER UNDER THE FACTORY W A R ­ 
RANTY. THESE CARS WILL BE SOLD AT A SUBSTANTIAL SAVINGS! 

THE CLEANEST, LO W MILEAGE, SPECIALLY 
SELECTED USED CARS IN THE SOUTHWEST. 

’71 MERCURY “ l! : mafic, radio and heater, air con­ ditioned. Clean. WAS $1695 . . . 
N O W ................................................... 

’72 CHEVROLET dT,la;u,.4: mafic, radio and heater, air con­ ditioned. 
Extra clean. 
WAS 
$1695 . . . N O W ............................... 

’ A R A l A C 4'(*oor' *®' automatic, 
O O U L U ) radio and heater, air conditioned. 
Clean. 
WAS 
$995 
. . . N O W ............................................ 

’ 7 A F 1 A D T 4‘door' 
P °wer' air 
/ J M A K I conditioned, low mile­ age, like new. WAS $3295 . . . 
N O W ................................................... 
’ 73 PONTIAC air conditioned, power. 
WAS 
$2795 . . . N O W ............................... 
’76 CHRYSLER tom, vinyl top, vinyl seats, automatic, AM-FM radio, air, power, like new. SAVE 
. .. N O W 
........................................ 

*1295 

*1495 

* 795 

*2995 

*2495 

*5195 

I y r n e Regency, 4-door hard- 
/ J U L U J top, velour interior, 

 all power and air conditioned, like new. N O W ................................. ‘5695 

’ 7 A m 
» n 
Galaxie 5oo, 4-door, 
/ 4 l U K U automatic, rodio and heater, air conditioned. 
Low . 
. . 
. . mileage. WAS $2795 . . . NOW . . . 
* 3 9 5 

’73 PONTIAC door, automat­ ic, radio and heater, air con- 

 ditioned. WAS $2495 . . . N O W . . . 
Z I 9 5 

 iyt % D I I l f 1/ 
^etfra 225, all pow* 
/ Z D U I N . ft er and air condition­ ed. Extra clean. WAS $2495 . . . 
N O W ................................................... 

’ 7 9 K H ;T H Ga,o*'e 5oo, 4-door, 
/ L I V > i\ U automatic, radio and 

‘2195 

 heater, air conditioned. 
WAS 

$ 1 6 9 5 ... NOW 
..........................*1295 

’75 CHRYSLER windows, tope deck. Like new. 
WAS $5195 . . . N O W ...................... *4795 
THESE PRICES PR O V E W E M E A N BUSINESS. 
IM M EDIATE O N THE SPO T F IN A N C IN G . 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 

1 t 
“ THE D E A L E R T H A T TELLS IT LIK E IT I S " 

- - ' •* • 
• */ 
’ 
' * 
‘‘ T 
' 
‘ A •*’' 
_•'_*• 
4 
•' 
* 
' . 
*’ 

• 28oo B R O A D W A Y 
• OPEN EVENIN GS 

^ 
; • .. j / k C R O S S F R O M B R A C K F N R I D G F P A R K 
* 
• 

58 OD 
SAN PEDRO 
7 3 2 -8 2 1 

7 3 GRAN TORINO S2G89 
73? ford 
S ta tio n W agon, lo aded ! T h ird seat, luggage rack 
H E M P H IL L M CCO M BS 
FO R D SOUTH SIDE 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922 63U 

 llL iii- 

K I N S E L Ford-Mercury 
O l.ncnntnn 
C A 
Ohnnp A1A.7I9I 

•73 LTO , clean, 4 door, all Dowel, 
72 LTD 4 d- hcraiop A ir. Dower c ru is o m atte, air, 2 b a rre l c a r steering, brokes $I6So 698 761o ou retor, re g u la r gas., t ow ner. 
L T D P o A e r 
--------------- 
$2o96 342-o367 
1969 L T D 4 dom otter 333-5892 hardtop Best 

 a ir , e x c e lle n t cond, must sen si r n s i; ;494 

 tx p -ts s Atvr 
-w s 

•7o M a v e ric k 
2 dr., 6 t v l. a ir , rad io , steel ra d ia ls 
B est o ffe r 
22* 41 ll days, 681 79.5 eves 
72 M averick New quint, battery 
I Good cond 333 92o3; 648 1892 

1976 CAPRICE' 

4-dr. 
S e d a n , 
A u to , 
A ir, 
P ow er 
S te e rin g , . 
Pow er W in d o w s , P o w ­ er B rakes, P o w e r D o o r 
Locks, 
P ow er 
Se ats, 
M a ro o n , w ith 
V in y l roof. ~ P4 
. 
' * 
. 
... rA N C IRA W IN TO N ' 

N. FLORES AT MARTIN 225 5333 

737 FORD___________ 

IFT ME SHOW YOU 

HOW EASY IT IS!!! 
TO F IN A N C E 
OUR NEW or U S E D C A R OR 
T R U C K !' 
O VE R 7oo N E W or U S E D 
C ars and Trucks to choose from 
W IL L T A K E A P P L I C A T I O N 
O V E R T H E P H O N E ! C a ll for 
Speedy C om ales Sales M anager 
222 86)1__________________________________ 

7 4 MAVERICK COUPE 
2-door, 6 cylinder, autom atic, oir, ■ low miles .......................... 
$2589 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
FO R D SO U T H SID E 
" 
I9QI SW M ilita ry 922 63)7 
7i M averick, 2 dr LD O . autom a­ tic, air, power steering 
C all M anuel 
____________ 34) 9433________ 

IS 375- to go f XPBfSS AND NI WS 

CLEANEST CARS IN TOWN 

7? Monte Carlo, automatic and air, power steering and brakes, vinyl to p .............. 
$ 2 5 8 3 
76 Buick Riviera, all powei ond air, AM FM, vinyl top $ 6 5 8 8 
7S Olds Regency 98, automatic, an, power sleeting ond brakes,' power windows, power seats, AM 
FM tape. 19,ooo miles $ 5 9 8 8 
73 
Mustang 
2-door 
Hardtop, automatic and an, power steering, vinyl top.. 
$ 2 4 8 8 
75 Pinto Runabout, automatic ond air, rally wheels 
$ 2 7 8 8 

74 Monte Carlo, all power ond air with AM FM stereo . 
$ 3 4 8 8 

75 Oran Torino Squire Wagon, all power and oir with 3rd seal ond power rear window 
$ 3 9 8 8 
75 Cougar XR 7, all power with aw, AM FM split bench seats. 
$ 4 3 8 8 

75 Charge), outcmatrc with ait, power steering, brokes AM FM, vinyl top 
................. $ 4 3 8 3 
75 S 75 Mark IV s, completely j loaded.................................. 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

9 8 o o San P e d ro 
3 4 1 - 5 5 7 1 ext. 3 o o 

737 -FORD 

•71 M A V E R I C K V.8, S ta n d a rd 
$3,ooo mi. factory air, 226-o291; 
226 o292 
•66 M U S T A N G , m r, new fires, OU- to, new m otor 6S8-8884. 
66 M ustang C lassic G T, Fastback 
M odel, A ll O rig in a l, L ik e New 
C o n d itio n . 
M u s t 
See 
T h is 
Beautiful 
Cor. 
$2o9$ 
Call 
344 4S39_________________________ 

'73 M U S T A N G 2 DR 
Take over paym ents, no equity, call Credit M anager, 349-6948 
*67 M U S T A N G F a stb a ck , St 12$ 
276 o291; 27o-o292________________ 
■74 Mustang ll. auto, powet, urn- 
Im, 26.ooo m i, $23$o. 736 7$4$. 

1976 IMPALA , 

Custom 
Extra Clean, 
Auto., Air, Powet Steering, 
Power Brokes, Beige, with 
Black vinyl roof. #283A 

ANC I »V\ W INTON 

< N . FIORES AT MARTIN 
: 
225-5333 

IMC NUMfUR TO CACI 
IS 33S- 1o6o tXPSISS ANO NIWA 

1976 OLDS 98 

Regency 2-dr 
I owner, Like 
New Loaded, Silver on Silve- 
Maroon turn, 13,ooo mile.. 
See to believe #1874A 

A N C I R A W I N T O I V . 

N. FLORES AT M ARTIN 

225-5333 

737 - FORD 

197$ M u s ta n g l l , 2 + 2, 4 * v i 
4-sreed, A M -F M stereo, a ir, 25,ooo mr S3,$oo 68) 28)o ofter 6. 
. J 
‘74 M u sta n g ll G h ia V6 4 sod, loaded, 24,6oo m ile s, e x c e lle d ; 
$29oo ttrm. 674-3127 otter $ pm . 
'7$ M u s ta n g (I G h io . 4 e y lT 
1-speed, oir, radials, loch., rad io 
$299$ or best o fte r. 8 2 4 -4 2 U ; 
342 8922 otter 3 p m. __________ __ 
71 M ustang M ach I. 3o2 VS. *4«| o ir , p o w e r. 24m pg. L ik e new 
Owner $249$. 341-293J 
74 M ustang M ach I. looded, low m i excellent. $269$ 734-9344 
67 M ust any. 289, V-8, auto, a ir 
SI OOO 658-8854 

N E E D A C A R ? N E W or U S E D " 
W ill f i n a n c e w ith v e ry little c r e d it ! 
M a r r ie d , 
S in g le . 
D iv o r c e d . C o ll: Bob Puente 
222 8611 or 722-168$ 
•73 PINTO, auto. air, ra d ia l tire s ,’ 

828 M42 Bood 
Co" d',lo n - 
41 SSO- 
" " 
I nit I A i'm SS Ntvv s 
C A U 225-1666 

« 
Ir 

P a g e 
6 - f r 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o I 9 7 7 
_ *---------------------------------------------------------------,--------------------------------------------------------------- p 
74o OLDSMOBILE 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
7 3 o 7 4 3 AUTOMOBILES 
73IT743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

•75 O'dsm obile S tnrfire. A ir, auto., ! t i OOO m iles. $35oo or better ofter. I 
657 3o88 or 828 713o.__________ 
1 
■6o O ldsm obile Toronodo. c le a n 

' ftt - TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 

 i m m s 

746 - mucus ( COMMERCIAL 
IM U S . WSFS 
END OF MONTH 

 inside and out, full p o w e r, new tires, ashing $65o cosh. Coll a ft 5 
681-1313. i 71 O ldsm obile 98, loaded good 
. condition, 
$1,395. 
874-7771, 
J 87? 9568____________________________ 
1977 Olds 88 Royale, loaded, doc­ to r s c o r , S teno o r b e s t o ff e r 
492 1994 a fte r 6 pm 

S A L E ! 
• x ;;-. 

# 8 7 1 5 5 

1 1969 O lds sta tio n w ago n, a u to i M u s t sell $45o c ash. C o il: M r 
: M a rtin e t 435 1642 ________________ 
68 OLDS TO W O NADO 
I 
$5oo_________________ 
$53-7o96 j 
S a c rific e , lu x u ry 1972 beig e To- i ronoflo one ow ner, low m ileage, loaded. $17oo. 824 1oo6 

Ta ke over Dovm enls. no equity '75 - 
Olds Cutlass Call: 824-76o6 a fte r 
7: 494-5734 
I 
T a k e o v er paym ents on 7 4 Cut- I lass Suprem e. Call: 272-o986 ash I for Dennis after 8:-Call 656-4321 

‘73 Toronodo, like new $2695 W ill j 
I tra d e 973 2883 

X 

1977 MONARCH 
Equipped with A-' ;eed overdrive, transmission, 6- 
— cylinder, vinyl top, steel belted whitewall tires 
^. and many, many other standard luxury features. 
* 3 9 9 5 

! 741 nVMDIITH 

M 
O 
N t H 

* $ 9 9 .1 1 gar month for 48 months w ith $ 2o 4 down rash or trade excluding tax, title $ license on ap­ proved credit. Annual per- centgo rate 
11.83. Cash price 
$ 3 3 9 5 . 
Deferred price $ 4 9 9 1 .3 6 . 

P s i* 

# 3 7 2 4 4 

1977 COUGAR XR-7 
• V-8 Engine • Air Conditioning • Automatic • Power Steering • Power Brakes • Vinyl Top • 
Whitewall Tires • Speed Control • Tinted Gloss • Wire Wheel Covers • Wide Bodyside Moldings 
DISCOUNTED TO $6 1 95 

* $ 1 4 6 . 8 6 |xer m o n th fo r 4 8 m onths w ith $ 7 o o d o w n p a y m e n t cosh o r tra d e tfcTrhidrng tax, title 6 license on a p p r o v e d credit. 
A n n u a l p e r c e n ta g e rate 12.68. C ash p e k e $ 6 1 9 5 . D e fe rre d p a y ­ m en t price $ 7 7 4 9 .2 8 . 
FACTORY FRESH, 1977 
COMETS 9 

* 4 9 

OVER FLAT 
DEALER 
INVOICE 

BOBCATS • CAPRIS 

* 9 9 t o 

NEW 77 CAPRIS 
FROM 
$4 3 7 o 

NEW 77 COMETS NEW 77 BOBCATS 
^ 
F R O M 
F R O M 
$3 5 7 9 
$3 3 7 o 

SA E 
USED BUY I 
CARS I 
76 MARK IV 
White/lipxtick 

 luxury group, 
S Q Q O C 
Moon roof. WOO............ 
J I J J 

75 (ORD UP wa 
H 

 low rniie^e 
N U 

......* 3 2 9 5 1 
1 5 MALIBU 
White, landau 

S i * ................ * 3 4 9 5 

7 6 CADILLAC DEVILLE 
W 
4 dr., leather, cruise 
B l 

 contiol, till wheel, loaded, # 1 o 5 ............ 
I J J J ^ 1 
'76 OLDS CUTLASS 
Dark blue/ 

A 
- m .........* 4 5 9 5 

7 3 COUGAR XR7 
■ 
Power steering & 
I B 

 brakes, air, nice. 
S O 
O 
O 
C l 
# 1 3 3 ............................ 
A 7 7 
) 
| 
74" COMET n 
4-dr., oir, pn£ 

 in t * ‘ 
* 2 5 9 5 

75 GRANADA 
■ 
4-dr., power 
B B 

 steering & brakes, 
S 
O 
Q 
O c l air, # 1 4 6 ..................... 
73 MERCURY MONTEGO 
4-dr., air, power steering & brakes, 
( a a r 
# 2 2 4 ........................ 
I Q y j 

’69 LINCOLN f l 
4-dr., full p i f 

 power, oir, s 
O 
O c l dean, # 1 9 9 ................ 
7 7 J ■ 
• 
’69 MARK III 
Full power, 

? £ ' ..................‘ 2 5 9 5 

74 LEMANS 
I air, power steering 
H H 
& brakes, dean, c a / A e H 
# 2 3 3 .............................. 
Z O t j 
H 
'75 MARK 
Silver/silver, lux- 
Z i ,n“ 
. 7 9 9 5 

75 MARK IV m 
Silver/ 
H 
| 

.......... 
‘ 9 8 9 5 1 
75 FORD TORINO 
4-dr., air, 

5 « ":..................‘ 2 8 9 5 

74 MUSTANG^ 
I : 

Blue, 2 + 2, 
W 
L 
V 
■ 

« 7 : 
S Y 
‘ 2 8 9 5 1 1 
'72 MARK IV leather interior, stereo, leaded, 
( a a a m 

« ’ 21.............................. O T Y D 

72 LEMANS 
| 
2o,ooo miles, 

 white/white, must 
S O A O C sail, # 1 2 4 ..................... X O T J 
76 GRANADA 
Deluxe doth 

 interior, Ghia, t i * a rn on. = 1 3 4 ................... 
4 5 9 5 

74 MARK IV 
Gold luxury 

 m t a M 
> 6 7 9 5 

74 BUICK CENTURY 

S s * ...............* 2 9 9 5 

76 COUGAR XR7 
I 
Dark blue/white, 

 air, stereo, rally 
S C 4 /k C wheels, # 1 4 9 .............. 
76 GRAND PRIX 
Block/Black, 

 stereo, 6o'4o 
ST O f t f seat, # 2 o 5 .................. J O J J 

73 OLDS WAGON 
1 
Full power, 

S S ? /:...............* 2 6 9 5 
’76 MARK IV 
Dark Blue, Silver, Vt lop, 

 leather interior, 
S IA TCC 
JmM, #138... 
I U , / DU 

‘73 CHEVY 
H 
Power s t e e d 
' RH 

“ i t " : ? 
....‘ 1 9 9 5 1 . 

71 O U S T E R , auto, a ir , p o w e r, n e w t ir e s , ru n e g o o d . 
$75o. 
699-1939, 734-o515. 
___________ 
7 4 F u ry TTT 4dr, 76,ooo mi. New paint, tire *, $1695 734-9344_________ 
I i 71 F u ry III 4-dr Sedan. I ow ner. 
Clean $995 227-1426, 853-oo26. 
7 5 P ly m o u th B e a u tifu l W h ite 
W agon, $2475, 654 1oo1. 
‘7o P L Y M O U T H Duster, six, w dh a ir, very clean, 35,ooo m i. $1495. 
735 7276. 
____________________ 
1974 P L Y M O U T H D u s te r, auto, radio, qir, pow er steering, $2,695 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo SAN P E D R O 
_____________ 341-1358 
71 P lym outh F u ry Iii, 4 d r teflon, autom atic, a ir and steering, runs and looks excellent. $95o. 881-21o5 

1972 P lym outh F u ry III 2-door. (2) new tires. 
$12oo 
653-o653 or 
655-12o1 
72 P L Y M O U T H F U R Y IM 
H A R D T O P $1195, 36o E N G IN E . 
LO W M IL E S . A IR . 435-1641 

‘7o P lym outh F u ry III. F a ir cond. 
Asking $4OO. 691-1383 offer 5. 

71 P lym outh F u ry Custom 2-door hardtop. New paint job. a ir, heal 
P o w e r b r o k e s , s te e r in g . A M r a d io . E x c e lle n t ru b b e r . M in t condition! 9: to 5:-341-448o a lle r 
6: p .m .735 1646 

‘69 P ly m o u th F u ry i l l , 2-d o o r, good condition, $85o or best oft 
822-1197 or 655-3214 otter 6pm 
7 1 P ly m o u th S a te llite C u s to m . 
Excellent cond. $1395. 733-o563; 
349-3428.___________________________ 
74 P lym outh Sebring Plus. P ow er s te e r in g , a ir , A M -F M . $ 17 oo . 
1-762-3623 
1-762-322o. 
74 P lym outh Sebring Plus. P ow er steering, a ir, A M -F M . Best ofter. 
I 762-3623, I-762-322o_____________ 
' t i P ly m o u th s ta tio n w o g o n . 
Needs valve job $25o or best otter. 
923-2813 
P ly m o u th V a lie n t • By O w n e r. 
1974. 4 d r, c ir , D ow er, low m l. 
E xcellent. $225o.7 3}-H ol 

•-tra c k . 

TRUCKS 
FULL SIZE NEW ’77 FORD PICKUP 
* 9 8 84 * 

*$98.84 for 48 months with approved credit, cash selling price $39o1.oo, with $251.oo, cash or trade, down. A.P.R. 13.51. Deferred price $4995.32. State Tax & License excluded. 

GILLESPIE 

T R U C K C E N T E R 
2411 BROADWAY 
* 
227-1419 

$4ooo. 698-2228. 

; Spar 
L P M 

■gon. 9 p a s s .. 
Low m ile a g e , 

Special Shipment 
T.E.C. VANS 

LONG WHEEL BASE MODELS 

S A T E L L IT E 4 d o o r, low tm 

^ C alvin f 
Graham*/ I 

INVENTORY CLEARANCE 

, a ir , v 8. 
E s ta te S a le , 
’I ryes 

742 PORTMC_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

7o B o n n e v ille w ag o n . i p a ss , sower. $9oo- best ofter 657-41o2 

' l l Bonneville Coupe, loaded, only 
15871. 69o-9948 otter 4pm__________ 
68 B o n n e v ille , good Ira n s p o rta - ipn, $6oo 828-6558 ofter 4pm 

B onneville, 7 1 , 4-door h a rd to o , ixcellent condition. I ow ner. Good las m ileage. 1-426-379o ___ 

73 Catalina Pontiac 
» r , loaded! V inyl root 
. SI 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
F O R D S O U TH S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

7 o 'C a ta lin a . W ife 's C o r i 

F irs t $9oo 673-5112 

 f i r e b ir d . F u lly lo a d e d . r. 126-9565, 695-8o56 
77 F ire b ird , 7,5oo m i,"$5,895. or e q u ity a n d ta k e up 

O N SALI 
N O W SO HUR RY 
* 8 9 8 9 * 

• p iu s te x , title, lice n se A d e a l or p re p . 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
IflfiB filial^ 
1o1o SAN PEDRO o 222-8868 
A c ro ss F rom H e m p h ill M c C o m b s M a in Sto re ! 

I 

( m s 
Metallic, 
Automatic, 
Pow er 
Steering, 
Pawer 
Brake*, 
Air, 
W hite V inyl Top, “ A Reel Good C ar"............................ 

T h u n d e rb ird , 
W h ile , 
W h ite 
V in y l 
Tap. 
Autom atic, Air P a w e r......................................... 
Silver 
Metallic, 
Sun 
Roof, 
Pewer W indow*, 
Loaded, 
AM-FM Tape .......................................................................... 
4 -D aer, Automatic, Power Steering, $ 
P ew er Brake*, Air, I O w n e r................. 
I L XX A n n i IIC 4-Door, light 
Blue. 
Automatic, f b l Y lA K U U lJ Paw er Steering, Power Brake*. Air, $ 
I O w ner, A Baal Good Buy A t ....................................... 
YO XX A n m IIC 
3-Doer, W hite, Automatic, Power 
I J ITI A K V J U IJ 
Steering, Power Brake*, Air, fx tra 
N ic e ................................. 
Door, Dark Green Metallic, 
Stereo, 
Mag 
W heel*, 
I 
O w n e r ........................................................................................ 

73 FORD lTo ^ 
W hite I 
73 FORD 
75 FORD Pow er 
Seat*, 
AM-FM Tap 
73 CAPRICE 

.'219o 
'339o 

'529o 
269o 

469o 

* '269o 

'279o 

^ ^ O u t s t a n d i n g I 
I 
Buys 

’71 DATSUN fco!*’ 
O w n e r......................... 
‘73 OLDS 98 S J S r-S T U & T S B ttT . '245o 
*7 C D A U T I A T Grond Prix, J Door, W hite, AM-FM 
I J r V / n l l l A C Stereo, Tape, Automatic, Power Air, SAA C A 
Burgundy Top, Burgundy interior .................................. 
“ “ J U i j r D I V A i A l I T U Valiant, 4 Dear, Burgundy, Auto- 
I J r l T f n V / U i n matte. 
Power 
Steering, 
Pew er S ^ Q ^ Q 

IY C D IIIT * !/ Biviero, White en W hite, Stereo, Power S C Y O A 
/- > d U IL K W indow *, loaded, Extra Clean ......................j J Y U rh 
Green 
'239o 

'549o 

 t e n a i m c C u tla ss 
S u p re m e 
4 
I t U L L O M e ta llic , 
Autom atic, 
Door. 
Dark 
Green 
Power 
Steering, 
Pow er Brake*. Air, Tape Deck.......................................... 
Riviera 
2 Doer, 
Silver, 
Blue, 
W hite 
75 BUICK Vinyl Top, Blue Interior, Stereo, load 
W haei*, Extra Nice 

'639o 

Od. forged t a n A l n e Toronodo, 7 Door, Gold, Beige Vinyl Top, 
I i V I I # J Gold 
Interior, 
Automatic. 
Power 
Air. IO C C A 
Power W indows, Real Cloon................................................. * o 3 1 # i t t A i n e Cutlass Salon, Burgundy, M etallic, AM-FM tO D Q A 
/ J U L U J Tape, Automatic, Power, A i r ......................... d O T V 
.w e A l n r 
98 Rogency J Door, Gold, Gold Vinyl l o U L U J 
Top, Gold Velour Interior, Power W in­ dows, Pow er Seats, Stereo/Radio. "Just o Beautiful C a r " .................................................................... t a r n i n e 98 4 Door, 
I 
Owner, 
Automatic, Air, 
I J U L U ) P aw ar Steering, Power Broket, Yellow , $ C f C A 
Cream Top . ............................................................................. 
J I J V 
72 CHEVY Power Steering, Power’krok ,*su,aT o,“: .'225o 
7 4 MONTE CARLO 
Automatic, Pow ar Steering, Pew er Brakes, Air 
. . . J * 7 U 
IY Y r A n n Torino, 3 Door, liu a , Automatic, Paw er 
73 r U K D Steering, Pewer Brakes, Air, Blue Vinyl 
Top 
....................................... j . ......................................... tw o AA A Al Y A 
3 
Door. 
Hatchback, 
Silver tiue 
75 MONZA M etallic, 4 Speed, 4 Cylinder, Air, "A 
Real Sporty little C a r " ................... ................................... 
IY C C A D A Flit* 
3 
Door. te d , 
White 
Vinyl 
Tap, 
I O r U K I / Automatic, Aft, Power Steering, Paw er SA YA A 
•ra k e *. A M -FM Stereo 
...................................................... 1 * 1 3 U e w e C A n r t Cran 
Torino, flu e , 
Automatic, 
Powar 
74 r U K U Steering, Powar Brake*, Air, light Blue, SA O Q A 
W hite Vinyl Root, AM-FM Stereo T o p e 
Z O T O i t ! B A D W A Y Runabout, Tan, AM-FM Radio, Auto- 
7 6 d U D v. A | matte, Air, “ A ta a l Clean I Door, 
R u n a b o u t"........................................... 
. . . . . . . 
75 MONARCH AM-Ra«lio, Bark Brown Metallic . *349o 
76 COUGAR Roof, lutomotic, 
Power Brake*, Air 

'239o 

* .‘259o 

 r:.* 3 3 9 o 

SfMrin«: >489o l u r AA A B l# IS# lig h t 
Green, borh 
Green 
Vinyl 
75 MARK IV a S o t 
Speed Control, 
Tilt 
W heal, S Y Y Q A 
AM -FM StereOj Tgjso, Ixtro C lee n , \ O w ner 
. # # T v 

'469o 

 j a r 7 A M P A B ^ R -Y ’ spiii 
Seats, 
AM -FM 
Stereo 
76 COUGAR Radio, Automatic, Air, Power Steer ing, Pow er Brakes, Cream Gold Vinyl Roof 
( y r I l A l ^ m Al 
Continental 3 Door, 
Blue, 
W hite 
75 LINCOLN 
Vinyl Roof, AM-FM CB Radio, Fully 
SALAC A 
Equipped, Ix tr a Cleon 
................. - • • • S tV J V 
’ I t 11 A ir A l Al 
Continental 3 Door, 
Cream, 
Gold J T D CB 
76 LINCOLN Vinyl Raat, I O wner . 
. . . . . ------- 
/ o 3 U 
■ ww u u r e i i i 
Continental 4 Door. 
Light 
Green. 
G reen Vinyl Tap, le a th e r Interior, $ ^ ^ 9 o 
Automatic, Air 
75 MERCURY 
$3AaQ 
M. S A U :.............................. 
_• 
• V V • 

'275o 
77 GRAN MARQUIS tJ 
Control, Tilt W heel, AM-FM 

73 MARQUIS Pow er'<,?teering, * Pow er 
Brakes, 
Air, AM -FM Stereo R a d io ................................ - • • ■ • • . 
4 Door, light Jade, Dark ide 
Vinyl 
Top, 
Cruisp 
.......... 
Stereo, Twin Comfort 
Seats, Recliner, “ This Car it Brand H a w " .................... ‘719o 
NORTH PARK 

L I N C O L N • M E R C U R Y 

9 2 o 7 

S A N P I P H O 
341-8841 

I 74 
I 
| 76 

 f ' 7 o 
I 
I 
I 
I 

CADILLAC 
El coupe, 36,ooo miles, nice 

Dorodo 

PONTIAC 
16,6oo m iles... 

> 6 7 5 o 1 

Grand 
Prix. ■ s4 8 95 i i 

1 1 3 o BROADWAY 
SPECIALS 

FORD LTDsed s on, bargain 
4 J J 

’ 7 A station wagon, 
7 4 deluxe sport i O o Q C about, loaded... / O 
Y 
J 
BROUGHTON 
MOTORS 
21 3 o Austin H w y . 
6 5 5 -o 2 4 1 

I 
1 74 D ART 

7 2 FURY 

7 5 FIAT X-19 

R e m o v a b l e h a r d t o p , 
4 

 s p d ., a ir, 23,714 m i , l i k e 

 n e w , ~ P 3 1 A. • 

A N C IL IA W IN T O N 

19o1 BROADWAY 224-5516 

737 FORD 

7 3 Pinto Runabout. Loaded. E x ­ cellent cond. I ow ner. *162S. R i­ ch a rd : 225-5111 M on. th ru F r i. 
8:3o Ie S. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
•73 Pinto Runabout, fully loaded, excellent condition. C all: 22S-5111 
Mon. thru Fri. 8:3o to 5, ask for 
Richard 

75 Pinto Stationwagon, 4 spd, a ir, 
$215o 
Call M anuel 
341-9433 
T a k e up P a y m e n ts 
72 F a r d 
C o u n try S q u ir e W a g o n . A ir , pow er, A M , e xc elle n t. 828-5571; eves: 658-82o8. 

‘73 T-B ird, com pletely loaded, in­ cludes sunroof, m ust sell now, w ill help finance, coll L o rry 433-1464 
•77 T -B IR D . FO R IN F O R M A T IO N 
C A L L: 657-25o9, 342-o969. 
‘74 T B ird 
46,ooo m i. V ery new tir e s , b r a k e s , s h o c k s . $43oo 
Bob 826-3o81. 8-iOpm 
'65 T -B IR O 
New p ain t, engine, tir9$. 
$1695 
225-3o91; eves: 
♦94-288o 

•74 Thunderbird. Loaded, clean! 
$48oo or bes! oHer. Call 
A9O-95So. 
'69 T o rin o W agon. P o w e r, a ir , auto., 351 VS $1o75. 653-2oo3 

738 - LINCOLN 

‘69 Lincoln Continental A C LA S ­ 
S IC ! O utstandina condition. M ust see to appreciate. $2395. A fte r 5 p m 
623-4o52. 

'72 Lin c o ln C o n tin e n ta l 2-door, lo ad ed ! A M -F M ste re o , le a th e r in te rio r. 34,ooo m ile s . T a k e up paym ents. M ust ask tor Don Holtz 
225-65o1 

6 
4 door, power, air, oil extras, burns t # w r - A ' regular gas EHN61o..........................................Z U J U m 

4-dooi, power, air, cruise control, * . o r n 
FM, vinyl roof, real dean..................... 
I O J V I h y p l l A t i t e n 
4 Door, original end clean, power, t t y a r #* 
' 75 IRON ACU air, vinyl roof 
345U 

 r n o r m a a Hord,op' po" er’ oif' CfUisc ton s / t A r n , 
/5 CUKDOBA trot, LM, vinyl roof, real sharp . . . 465UI 

B l e u ; V A D I / C D 8r®“ Bn«m Hardtop sedan, 
1 l l NEW YORKER iull power, air, low mileage, original and dean.............................................. z J J U . 

 k’ Y Q n i n e V'',CI Crui,er wa9on- real clean- Power- J O a p A 
I / J U L U J air, luggage rock, wood grain panels 
J U J U 

’76 V O LA RE i : r . . ,” ,,:.“,':”',9™ l.I"d'4 4 5 o , 

>’73 D ART 
Sport, power, air, small V-8, vinyl roof, j whitewalls, real deon 
2 2 5 o 
'74 BUICK ™T*u%.lw'd,“p:.po“ ’' ”',-..,in?,!.*335o< 
>’73 CHALLENGER 
IYW n r s i s e r Loll hardtop, air, automatic, rodio, 
7 4 DODGE heater, extra dean 
2 4 5 o 1 n # .o C liv e A D I/ Cus,om hardtop, power, air, v in y l,, Acr. 
OY SKYLARK roof low mileage 
1 4 5 o 
, 7 I I* a B T 6 hardtop, power, air, oulomotic, 
, , o o a j 
■ / I O A K I new point... 
...................................... 
I O o U ' 
L f r n us* i i Century landau lyirdtop, power, air, 
7 5 BUICK vinyl roof, like new, Was $4495........... 
4 1 9 o 

 y « n u a v i p 5o®' 4-door, power, air, all extras,,, r r# x ; 
/1 GALAXIE original and clean, Was $1895 
1 5 5 o 
"75 VALIANT S X * 
"" '325o l’72 FORD 
.'1495' r,,. 
, nm. I sr tlossir convertible, power, an, to-lf-A 
73 CAPRICE original and dean 
.....................*315o a A l J- Hornet Sportabout Wagon. 6 cylinders, 
I 
1 / 4 A m t power, air, real dean.............................. 
2 4 5 o 

1 it n # s N # > r Crestwood Wagon, power, air, cruise 
C A 
/ O U U U G C control, 3-seats, luggage rack 
5 1 5 U i’74 GOLD DUSTER S H J 
"• >285o' 

MIKE’S 
USED CARS 
9111 SAN PEDRO 
341-9412 
341-3933 

* 7 5 RANCHERO 
Im did, 21,ooo (Si*.1?'. '4688 
72 FORD MUSTANG, uke 

OOO mi. 
'2188 
‘1788 

 door, low mi...............} 1188 
PINTO 
WAGON, 
4- J 
1 speed, am (adm.. 

17 n OIC 
/ 1 SS,1 
’Tri OIOS Delta Bl, 
/ I door, low mi. ... 
'165o 
71 is.?’* 
, 
.‘I IOO 
★ NO CREDIT NEEDED 

★ W e fin a n ce w h at w e sell. 

739 -MERCURY 

•7o M onleao hardtoo stand, good cor $975 best otter 656-1ooo_______ 
7 4 .Montego M X . Air, om -fm ster­ eo, vinyl top, pow er. 
$27oo. 
494-1569. 

1976 G rond P rix , air, pow er, ster­ eo. 19,ooo m iles. $4795 best oHer 
653-3221, 221-2624 j 
74 G ro n d P r ix . F u lly L o a d e d . 
M ust Sell 
Call M anuel 
341-9433_______________i 
•76 G R A N D P R IX 
Low m ileage, call 924-o331 

' i i G ra n d P rix one o w n e r, new car, low m ileage, full pow er and j a ir , m ust sell at $45oo. le a v in g 
City. 435 7183. 
| 
G r a n d P r ix , 1974, P o w e r, o ir , j 
A M -F M Cassette, cloth in te rio r, ! 
15,ooo m i. 
$5,395. 
349-6518, j 
655-o879.____________________________ j 

TS G ran d P rix , sliver w ith black v in y l ro o f, a il p o w e r, o m -fm , c ru is e c o n tro l. $485o. 341-5651 > 
I o fte r j pm . 
I j ‘73 G ra n d P rix SJ fu lly lo ad ed , j g re at condition, very clean, gold w ith w hite vinyl top, $1995 or best I otter. J27-S161 (D e d e ), 735-1338 or | see at 539 Queen Anne Ct. betw een : 
5-7 pm . 

74o - OLDSMOBILE 

7o G ra n P rix . 42,ooo m l., cond. $175o. 344-4662 atter 5. m in t 

Clean 197* used Cars At: 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR-349 4443 
338 N .E . Loop 41o a1 A irport Blvd. 
‘75 CUTLA S S SALON 
Low m ileage, 924-o331_______ 

'76 C u tla s s S a lo n . M in i cond. 
A M -F M tape, cruise control. A ir, pow er. Landau top. 34 1 2o68. 

‘ 72 G r a n T o r in o S p o rt. L o w m ileage, very clean. Fully loaded. 
$18oo. 333-o833. 
L a B a m b a !I '69 P o n tia c 4 -door, tape. A M -F M , a ir. $425-826-1736 eves. 
_ 
•72 L E M A N S 3So, auto 
2-door, radio, heater, a ir, tope deck, vinyl lop, g a rag e kept. excellent condi­ tion. 494-2oo? eves. 

’77 SIERRA CLASSIC 
★ Roil Bar ★ Fog lights 
★ Air Cond. 

★ Automatic 

★ Power 

 steering 

★ Tilt Wheel 

★ AM-FM 

8 track 

★ Chrome 

 spoke wheels 

★ Soft Ray glass 

★ 1 o*1 5 Flotation tires 

★ Black w ith red interior trim . 

UST $71677o 

SPECIAL SALE price $6246 

Plus tax■, title , lic e n s e . 
SanAntorigTtucks 

881oIH-1o East lf 
Phone 661-4511 

•77 C U T L A S S S A L O N . FO R IN ­ 
F O R M A T IO N : 657-25o9, 342-o969. 

■77 Cutlass S. 39oo m iles. Pow er, a ir, V-8, sport w heels, m irro rs , steel belled radials, 2-door. *46oo 
673-4758 
I '73 C u tla s s S u p re m e 7 d r . a il 
1 pow er, vinyl top, very clean. Call 
699-1o25. 

;; 72 FIREBIRD 

Auto, oir, power steering, vinyl roof, extra dean/, 

# 
J 524A 
. 

A N C ILLA W IN T O N i 

19o1 BROADWAY 224-5516 

‘73 C u tla s s S u p re m e , o r ig in a l ow ner, fu lly equipped, excellent cond, low m ileage. 822-5756._______ 
•74 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E , nice, take up paym ents. 924-6671 

‘72 Cutlass S uprem e C onvertible. 
A u to m a tic , a ir , p o w e r, b u c k e t s e a ts , c o n s o le . C o ll: M a n u e l 
J41-9433, 349-7273 

•74 C utlass Suprem e. 2-dr. n ard- top 
Loaded. 
$3495. 
824-1356; 
922-o511.___________________________ 

C U T L A S S S uprem e 2 door 1976. 
A u to m a tic tra n $ m i$ s o n , c ru is e c o n tr o l, v in y l to p . 
T a k e up p a y m e n ts . M u s t ask fo r D on 
Holtz. 225-65o1 

72 L E M A N S C O U P E , e x t r a clean. $16oo. 226-o291; 226-o292 
197$ L E M A N S C o u p e , 3 1 ,o o o m ile s , a u to , ra d io , a ir , p o w e r steering, $3695 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo SAN P E D R O 
3411356 

744 - CUSTOMIZED CARS, 

SPEED RACING CARS 

B R A D L E Y G P S ports c a r, 7 6 . 
I A ir, m ag wheels, headers, am -fm lace deck, loaded. 
Seguin 
(1)557-5o17 

•73 C H E V Y P ic k u p 
L W B , low m ileage, v ery clean. 
333-8o44 i 
I a n ytim e.__________________________ 
I 59 C H E V Y P ickup 3o7 V8, auto i j with cam per, $6oo. 655-3195 

•73 C H E V Y Pickup $2595. 
226-o291; 226-o292 

D ra g s te r 14o" w heel base, w ith t r a i le r , 
L e t t m o to r and tra n s m is sio n , w heels and tire s, 
$7oo. 633-2954 a tte r 4 PM . 

'74 L U X U R Y L e m a n s , p o w e r steering, brakes, om -tm 681-o239 eves. 
Pontiac Bonneville ‘71. 2-dr hard- too, I ow ner. Excellent cond., new tires. $18oo. 695-8o26. 
7o PONTIAC Catalina 
T a ke up paym ents, no cauity, call 
John Slim p, 349-6948 
'73 Pontiac C atalina. 4-door, a ir, pow er, $14oo. 922-52o1. 
‘68 Pontiac F ire b ird 6 cyl. Good ru n n in g condition. $95o. 344-o614 a tte r 5 o.m . 

68 CROWN 

 automatic ____ 

Imperial, 
4-door, power, oir, s real deon.................................................. 

7 3 9 -MERCURY 

72 Colony P ark IO passenger sta­ tion w agon. A ll pow er and m r. 
New brakes, new tune up E xcel­ lent cond. I ow ner. 59.ooo mi. Best 
Otter over $185o. 492 )72o_________ 

‘73 Cornel, V-8, auto, pow er steer­ ing, a ir, 2-door, w ith custom op­ tio n . A M -F M , $ 2,4 oo . 6 5 5 -o 9 /7 
A tter 5. 

•71 Delta 88. A ir, power, radials. 
Good cond. $1195. 696 1359. 
'73 D e'ta 88 R oyale. A ir, pow er, 
$189$, 653-3221; 221-2624. 
‘75 D elta 88 R oyale 4-dr. Like new, only 2o,ooo m iles. Loaded with all 
8 extras. $39oo. 696-7585. 

‘73 D e lta R o y a le . 2 -d r. s te re o , loaded. S acrifice. $165o. 656-1965. 

99oi 

'76 CORDOBA ^ 
^ 
^ 
^ 
. ‘565o 
I 75 CORONET 
Custom 4-door, power, air, vinyl c o x C A I roof, extra deon................................. J A J U ' 
'73 MARQUIS 
,,",'.,,"t ‘2Soo 
'75 CORONET S “ “ ',,'.f” ',',M"'l>355o1 
'72 COUPE DeVILLE SS. K S .» 5 2 >285o 
« Y I n m i m 
Custom, 4-door, power, air, vinyl 
71 POLARA roof, dean 
*145o 
'73 CATALINA tSS'Jtl. 
>215o 
|76ASPEN2.iJ“: . r " / : . r . ^ . ‘4o5o' 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY 
IV IN IN O S 227-2283 

‘68 CO U G A R ?-dr. Hardtop 
K IN N E Y M O TO RS 
3928 B roadw ay___________ S28-2213 
7 3 Cougar, very clean, new tires. 
P erlect cond! $198o-435-1641 

•7jr CO UG AR XR7, all pow er, a ir, good c o n d itio n . $21oo F IR M . 
828-487o a tte r 6. 

Hertz Is Selling Quality 
Used C ars F rom Our Rental Fleet 
(1976 used) 
1331 SO U TH T E R M IN A L 
For Inform ation Call: 826-9665 
197o O LD D E L T A 88, 4 door 
$7oo. 824-973o 

•75 C O U G A R X R 7 26,ooo m iles, power, cruise $4ooo. 1-899-2o65. 
‘75 Cougar X R 7, turquoise, white 
I vinyl too, a m -fm , 8 track stereo, new tire s , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
: m ust sell! $4895. 828-6824._________ 

, 72 M a rq u is B ro u g h a m to ta lly cqpt steel b e lted ra d ia ls super d riv e r! 
$125o-349-5188; 
826-2414 eves. 
___________________________ 
‘72 M a rq u is stationw agon, gold, a ll p o w e r a nd a ir , s te re o , new brakes, excellent condition. $18oo. 
684 3644, 6V8 2o7S._________________ 

1969 M e r c u ry . A ll p o w e r. A ir . 
Runs perfect! $495 333-9o85 atte r 
5:3o 

1975 O LDS Cutlass S. 2 dr. Load ed, e xtra clean, tS.uOO m iles. 
341-3485. 

'73 O ld s C u tla s s , lo a d e d , bv owner, 522oo. 699-1939, 734-o515. 

‘66 O L D S C u tla s s w ago n $35o. trade, 342-2o93 

' I t O L D S C u tla s s S u p r e m e , coupe. F a cto ry a ir, a m -fm stereo. 
Red, w hite viny) top. 
$47oo. 
696-7558 

197o Pontiac F ireb ird , 35o, V-8. All g a u g e s . R a lle y w h ee ls, p o w e r brakes, 3-speed. A M -F M 8 track. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n ! 
$14oo 
659-o265 a tte r 6: 
I f f ! P ontiac PlrBBIWL auto, oir, 
A M -F M S tereo w ith tape, w hite w ith black v in y l lop. E x c e lle n t condition. 653-4626. 
‘67 P o n tia c . G ood c o n d . $4oo. 
656-o983 before 7:3o a .m .; a tte r 6 p.m . 
___________ 
P o n tia c G ra n d A m , ‘74. 2 -d r ., 
Sport Coupe. P ow er, a ir, A M F M , new tir e s , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
$33oo o r best otter. 344 4o2o. 
74 Pontiac G ran d Safari. 9 pass., auto., V8, A ir, all pow er. A M -F M s te re o , t ilt w h e e l, c ru is e , lu g . r a c k . 6 -w a y 6o-4o s eals, m o re 
Superb cond. $34oo. 349-7oo8 

‘ 72 P o n tia c G T O 
P o w e r , a ir , rad ials, m ags, viny) roof. A M -F M 
Stereo. 922-7997; 924-o4o2. 

•4o 
F O R D C o u p e , 
(C h e v y 4 speed). 
$3ooo or best otter. 
66I-7S2o 
____________________ 
P A N T E R A . L IK E N E W ! 165 mph 
■F. C A L L . 828 5511. 

‘76 Chevy pickup cam per special 
One ton. D ual bock wheels. A ir, 
Dower, 9.ooo m ileage. Im m aculate like new ! R e g u la rly $84oo ta k e 
$71oo. Bv ow ner 224-6o64. 
SB Chevy pickup. 35o VB excel lent perform ance. $95o. 658 2381. 

•76 Chevy pickup. Std., excellent condition. $34oo. 695-81o7. 

HS - TRUCKS I COMMLRCMl m utes, lusts 

A LA M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
816 P R O B A N D T 
224*2131 
•76 B la z e r. C h e y en n e P kg , ex- tras. $58oo. A tter 7 p .m .: 224-o489 
1977 
B la z e r 
4 w h e e l d r iv e , 
Cheyenne package, auto, a ir and m o re 
15oo m ile s . 
$7475. 
1-625-4721 New B raunfels. 
'73 B L A Z E R . 4-whl drive, loaded. 
Excellent condition. 661-2584 
‘76 B lazer 4 whl dr, iooded, new tires. 675-1941 or 534-7847. 

7? Bronco, good condition, $295o. 
344-o771, 

C am per Special, ‘74 C h e w I ton, 
454, auto, a ir. pow er s te e r.,dual wheels 649-185o aft 6pm 
73 C-4o C he\ v dum p truck. H eavy duty. 1-964-3> 26. A fte r 6 p.m . or anytim e wkends. 

C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R SALES 
D istributors Century W reckers 
16o3 NO. A L A M O 
225-6146 

73 P O N T IA C LE M A N S I speed, 
$18oo. 226-o291; 226-o292 

'63 CGW 2 ton truck from C alifor­ n ia , h a u ls fu r n itu r e o r f r u i t ; alum inum box, new m otor, runs like new, e xtra clean. $2295. M ust see to appreciate. 924-o868. 

'63 C h e v y p ic k u p . F M M r a c h stereo, m oqs, tool box. $875 or 
Otter. 492-1157; 492-2366. 
, 
1977 C h evy S ilv e ra d o , lo a d e d . 
New. O w ner. 633-2324 

1974 Chevy Suburban Cheyenne 
Super. Loaded! 826 9565, 695 8o56 
‘73 Chevy Super cheyenne, LW B j 
P ow er steering,brakes. 654-o454 
‘77 C H E V Y SWH only 12oo m i. Call 924-o331 
‘69"chevy 'VV lonq bed p ickup 
Need engine repair. 
532-8o19, 
534-5893 

74 C H E V Y ' > ton, auto, air. $2995 call Jim , 66I-45H 
'73 
C H E V Y 
T O N , 
A U T O 
P O W ER. F IR T $129o CASH N E W 
L IC E N S E , IN S P E C T IO N 828-6959 

'73 C h e w '* Ion Custom Deluxe. 
Factory a ir, pow er, h e ale r, loot) ed. E q u ip p e d to r g o o s e n e c k ! tra ile r. 
349-o456; see at 
1221 
Sloreywood. 

■65 C h e w 'z ton. LW B , good con dilion, c o ll: 922-247o._____________ 

7 3 C H E V Y 1 i Ion p ick u p . 6 cyl. standard 
661-4511. 
New paint. 
$23oo 

1972 Pontiac LeM ons. 2 D r, pow er s te e rin g -b ra k e s , o ir. A M F M 8 tra c k stereo, excellent condition. 
$16oo. 735-3552 

'69 C H A T E A U FO R D V A N 
E x c e p tio n a lly c le a n , lo a d e d . 
$23oo. 1-278-31o5 otter 6 pm . 

737 I 

1975 Lincoln C ontinental, 4-door sedan. I o w n e r, fu lly eq u ip p ed la n d 
CB 
2o,ooo mi. $6,85o. Con be seen a l 1923-5911. 
Jim m y Long's G ulf Station 3619 s lo rz a m o ro 

11969 M A R K I I I . m in t condition, loooefl, new transm ission, tire s. 
$2695. 
O r 
Best 
O fter 

737 FORD 
737 FORD 

7! Pinto, autom atic, 2 d r. $975 
Call M anuel 
| _____________341-9433_____________ _ 

 t T P into $3oo e u u itv , ta k e o v er paym ents. 657-2972 before noon. 
; 
I _ _ _ _ _ --------------— ^ 
— *--------------- 
IX PRISS AND N I WS 

’76 P INTO MPG 
» 3 door runabout, no eauity, take 
- o v e r p a y m e n ts o r n ew lo o n . 
L o a d e d , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
18 8oo m iles. 1-663 4996, N o la h a 
Just 2o m in. 5. of Son Antonio 

7 5 LINCOLN 
Town Sedan, moon rout, loaded, low m iles, by ow ner, m ust sell! 
$61oo 699-1939, 734-9515.___________ 

7 1 Lincoln, fu d u i. Good coiidi- hon. $15oo. 341-o448, Rick 
IS 7 1 1 1o66 
I X I PISS AND N I WS 

‘72 M A R K IV , all cow er, com plete w ith soeea co n tro l, B lu e w m te vinyl lop w hite lea th e r in te rio r. 
Beautiful condition. $41oo. O w ner, 
537-8471 
_________________________ 

73 M A R K IV . L ik e n e w . Low 
I m iles. $5385 658 3856 
________ 

75 M A R K IV, loaded 
E x tra nice. $695o 973-7174 

•74 M a rk IV 
Low nu $6795 Joli­ e t / : 736 4311 or 655-31o4 

‘72 M a rk IV . 51,ooo m i., m int cond 
I o w n e r, P r o f.'s c a r . B ro w n . 
W holesale 436-33o7; 1-538-39oo 
'7? M ark IV White on block, sun- 
'■oof low m ileaae. N ew M ichehn tires. 349 2611 anytim e____________ 
7? M ark IV White $37 5o 655 ‘ 512 between 8 IO urn atlee l a m 

739 MERCURY 

72 Ceorl 2UOo A u. p ie 'tv c l" well m ointcineu tt?V5 6yQ-9347 eve*. 

‘74 Capri, auto- a ir. A M F M ster eo 74 M P G $2,395 653-6o68, 

‘77 M e rcu ry G ran M arquis. 2-dr., loaded. Still in w a rra n ty . $75oo 
225-3o91; eves 49* 288o 
________ 

'75 M e rcu ry M arquis Brougham . 
Fully loaded, new tires, t-42o-2o53. 
7 4 M e r c u r y M a r q u is W a g o n . 
Loaded, new tires. Leaving town. 
$3)5o or m ake otter 684 2192. 
7 1 M e r c u r y M a r q u is W a g o n . 
$95o 225 3o91; eves: 494 288o 

72 M e r c u r y M o n te g o 4 d o o r 
So.oOO m iles Best ofter 342-o21). 
7 3 M e rc u ry M ontego B rougham 
$23oo 828 65o4 otter 5: p.m ._______ 

63 M E R C U R Y $399 
O NE 
O W N E R 
R UN S 
GOOD 
IJS 1641_______________________ __ 

M e r r u r v w agon 73. P ow er, oir. 
79 OOO nu 
P e rfe c t cond 
B elow wholesale $15oo cosh 435 1641 

75 M O N A R C H G H IA , 7 d i, 256, c ir paw er 6»6 3o95._______________ 

74 M o n a rc h 13,OOO m ile s , o ir, cow er, am -fm $43oo 681-2385 

‘77 O LD S Cutlass Suprem e 
B rougham , loaded. N e v e r regis- , tc re d 
S till in W a r r a n ty $12oo. ! under list. 924-6671________________ 

'73 Olds Cutlass 
Auto, pow er steering, a ir, 37,ooo original m iles. Must sell. $2375. 
732 2143. 
, 
74 O LDS Cutlass Suprem e, load- ed 
M ust sell now, w ill help fin- 1 once. Call Dick 433 1464.___________| 
71 O LDS D E L T A C U S TO M $895 
L O A O E O . O N E O W N E R . H A R D ­ 
TO P. 435-1641 

68 P o n tia c L e M a n s . L ik e new 
$1295 W ill tra d e 923-2883 
___ 
'74 P O N T I AC $ 7 7 9 o -& W N E R S 
E Q U IT Y F R E E 
S A C R IF IC E 
S A LE . LOOKS A N D RU N S L IK E 
N E W . 828-6959_____________________ 

76 Pontiac Sunbird. A ir, stereo, 

'7$ Chevrolet Cheyenne, like new! 
14495 W ill tra d e 923 2883 

12,ooo mi. 
492-1*95. 
Like new. 
$3595. 

'72 Chevrolet 4-speed, * cyl. stand. 
$1195 pest otter SSS-1ooo 
To71 
C h e v r o le t 
S u b u r b a n 
Cheyenne Super. P ow er, a m -fm , 
4-wheei drive, Posi-traction. dual a ir , v e ry c le a n , $3,59o. O w n e r 
1-625-35*2, eves. N ew B raunfels. 

'74 TR A N S Alit, showroom condi- hon. M a k e otter. 344-3633_________ 

76 TRANS AM 
T a k e o v er paym ents, no e q u ity, call C redit M a n a g er, 349-4941 

7 3 OLDS DELTA *88* 
Loaded! V in yl roof .................$2389 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
F O R D S O U TH S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922 *317 

68 Olds 2 door Cutlass. A l cond" tion! $795 4o3 C ulebra, 735 3662 
76 O LDS 98 4 dr. Regency, com ­ pletely loaded, w ill help finance. 
Cull Ken 433-1464._________________ 

Olds 73 ‘98 . E ve ry option G rand o p e n in g s a le o n ly $ 1 8 9 5 -4 o 2 * 
Broadw ay 826-2793________________ 

71 Olds 
88 
E x ira clean! $1395 
WHI trode 9?3-23a3_________ _ 

•7? Olds 88 Good OS new! 21,ooo m iles. 
P ow er, air, radio. $16oo. 
734-6313. 

1976 CHEVROLET ’/* 
Ton pickup. LW B Fleetside V-8, autom atic, air, and pow er . $4695 
M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 short wide PU. 35o, lodd- 
I Steel m ags. F re d : 225-5o78, 
•28-23oo 

 j ^ m s i s L 
I S Chev sh' 

■74 C h e w >i Ion p ickup 
H e av y d u ty s u s p e n s io n . A T , p o w e r b ra k e s , s te e rin g , a ir , plus new in su la te d U re s ti C a m p e r shell. 
$3295. *75-1757. 

'74 C h e w '? Ton P icku p , 26,ooo m i. 35o eng., New tires. $3ooo. 
*54-7171______________ _________ 
1975 Chevy J< ton, 4-speed, pow eri air, very clean, not used os w o n truck. $3,875. O w ner, 1 *25-35*2, eves, N ew Braunfels. 
'73 
C h e v y 'jt o n 
S u b u rb a n 
C h e y e n n e , lo a d e d , 55,ooo m i. 
227 5o*5 o26-4281. 

'65 C h e v y 2 ton v a n , 4 sp ee d , 
37,ooo actual m iles. 
$3ooo. 
342-2653. 
63 C H E V Y l 'z TO N V8 Hotbed. 
13*oo Babcock at Housm an Ro. 

•71 Chevy 'z ton WB. VS. pow er, a ir, auto., v e ry good condition. 
$1795. *98-1454. 

743 - MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

•j 
B A N K R EPO S 
' 
I 1974 P O R SC H E 914 .......................... 
I 1975 F O R D R A N C H E R O 
............. 
(18) P o rta b le W hirlpool bath un- lls. 341-4*47 ext. 341 or 34? 
G O OD CARS 
' I t M A L IB U ................................$2495 
'74 B U IC K L E S A B R E ...........$1995 
7 5 M O N T E G O 
..........................$1795 
7 4 F O R D T O R IN O ................. $1595 
‘69 C O U P E D E V IL L E ............. $995i 
*8o3 S. Flores___________j 

73 l*ni T ro v e lQ iL 41 OOO m ile s , 
A M -F M stereo cassette, a ir, new tires. $25oo. 735-2571.______________ I 
T97o Irttn 'l. T ra v e ta ll. VS, au to .,! a ir, steel radials. 48,7oo m i. $1895.: t-625-4985, New Braunfels.________ 
TRADEW INDS Auto Sates 
•W E FINA N C E* 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 

7 2 C H E V Y B la zer, 4 w heel, dr. 
$7995. coil Jim , 6*1-4511 
7 4 CHEVY Vz T. 81495 
Short w ide 63o3 S. FIO'es 

73 C H E V Y C A M P E R S P E C IA L w ith cam per. 
$295o. 
226-o291; 
226-o292 

'64 C H E V Y V A N * cylinder stan- dard. $6oo 927-581* 

‘76 C h e w Custom IO, custom ized. 
$3ooo. A tter *pm 434-8332 

77 Chevy Von. 35o engine. 7 5oo m i., $5ooo. 656-7171 

7 4 C H E V Y C U S TO M , L O A D E D ! 
82* 9565, 695-1o56 

•75 Chevy Custom D eLuxe CIO, 6 cylinder. 826-9S65, 695-8o56 
7 * C H E V Y E L C A M IN O 
18 OOO actual mi. Aum air, power windows, hit wheel, cruise, swing oui seats. Looks like new, $495o. 
661-4511. 
'72 C h e w F e n d e rs id e , 3-soeed, standard. $12oo Jim ; 6*1-45■ I. 

72 C h e w V8 Cheyenne Pick up fully loaded, m isc. $2295. 922-o184 

•77 CJ-7 J E E P , Low range 4-wheel d r iv e , a u to , a ir , s p e c ia l L e v i 
Package. Lots of E xtras. Pd-569oo in M a rc h , A sking $*2oo or best 
O tte r' *59-1449 att sam___________ 
•74 D A T S U N Pickup, 4 speed, air, 
$19oo. 226-o79); 22* o292 

•74 D a ts u n p ic k u p , 4,ooo r n / . 
4 -s p d , 
A M -F M r a d o , 
$3395. 
879-7638 7am -7pm 
— j------- _ . _ 
. . . o c l l Dodge C argo V an . L O A D E D la 9 O^ speed- $1495 
826-9565, 695-SU56 

 spoke wheels, ra d ia l tires $2895 
92J-27o3L Ask for We$ 341-1455 
$32oo. 684-13o5. 

MERCHANDISE MART 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Saturday April 3o 1977 Page7-F 

741 • TRUCKS I CBMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

o QUALITY ITEMS if 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o low CLASSIFIED RATES 

923 MERCHANDISE MAUT 

AUCTION 
17o2 S. Alamo 
SAN ANTONIO IND. 
SCHOOL DISTRICT 
Sat.. Apr. 3o, 9:3o A M 
The following will be offered without limit or reserve: Raetone 3 doo. stainless steel refrigerator. 
Glemo 
I dr. 
Stainless steel refrigerator 
V chest type frigid aire freezers. 
I 
Schaeffer sliae-top milk toolers 
ABC com- mertiol milk toolers, lacrosse 4 ft. metal box. frigidoire, 5 SA freezer. 
4 stainless steel top silverware tobies. 5 bakers tables with wood tops. Wood top worktable. Hobort 
AM 
6 dishwasher. 
Hobart 
C44 dishwasher, bottom section. Hobart mixer 5-6o1. Montague range. 3x4 wood table. Frigidoire home style upright refrigerator 4o dishwash­ ing machine racks - tups and troy style. 5 boxes of assorted pots, large assortment of 
Syracuse chino cups, plates, saucers, bowls • no chips. Hundreds of plastic trays. 
38 block sheet pans. Cosh register, model 126. 4 cash registers, model 
122. 
Hobart motor for 
C44 dishwasher. 
Old wooden dish cabinet. 6ft. NCR checker. Pallets of wood crating and 5 meat slicers. 
O N N FOR INSPECTION: Sat 
8 o rn. til Sale. 
TERMS; Payment some day. 
JOHN 
JONES 
A uctioneer 
T *O C -7 7 - 
oo2o 
J. Kahn A Assoc., est. 1 o 4 9 
5o oo Blanco Rd., 3 4 2 -4 8 2 2 
P LA N N IN G A N A U C T IO N ? 
CON SIDER O U I RETPUATIO N , 

 to" A d m ira l b la c k a n d w h ile TV , h ard ly used, 575. 492-172o_________ 
A t r ie a n V io le t *, d is h g a r d e n s , h a n g in g b a s k e ts , a ll t y p e s c e r am ic p la n te rs. 
M a c ra m e . 
534 oo36. 
Air con d itio n e r I ’ j ton, w in dow unit S IA S ; tw in s t a g e a ir c o m ­ p re sso r 
11o-22o w ith m otor. 
433 3«87. 

ESTATE AUCTION 
Construction Company liquidation 
Saturday - APRIL 3o- 1:3o P.M. 
The Estate of A.M. McNeel (deceased) Asphalt Paving 
315 RIVAS, San Antonio 
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE 
All Equipment is sn w orking condition and will be 
Dem onstrated on the day of the sole!) 
• TD * Int. Crawler Loader, bulldozer, rebuilt and in excellent working con ditton. Engine completely overhauled with SO hrs. Droit loader with ISO hrs T V« yd. straight burkei loader 
• 2 Dragline cranes, unit model 514. Straight 8 Industrial Vt yd. capacity with shovel ond 3o ft. boom. Attachments include I Hendrix perforated drogbucket Vt yd, dom bucket, wrecking ball swivel, 2 pulley blocks. 
Osgood Invader crone, Vt yd. capacity, 3o ft. boom with 6 ft. extension. 
• 1958 Int. 3 ton tractor with power winch, 25 ton trailer in excellent con dition 
• 
1963 
I ton Ford Dump Truck 
• 
1951 
2 ton Ford Dump Truck 
• 
1951 
2 ton dump truck with 2oo gallon water tank 
• 
Steom Jenny 
• lee Boy Asphalt paver, pulltype with 9 ft width 
• Jaeger air compressor at 12SCFM on 2 wheel trailer with Continental engine 
• 12 ton V 8 powered 3-wheel Buffalo Springfield roller 
• 8 ton V-8 powered tandem Buffalo Springfield roller 
• Boitmore trailer roller 
• 3oo gallon oil distributor, pull type with Int 5 hp engine 
* All licensed Vehicles have 1977 Plates * 
PIUS: 3 vises, 2 bench grinders, carpenter's tool kits, nuts ar;d bolts, washer. 
Pipe threaders, grease guns, skill saw, 2 large shop air compressors, electric drill, parts tub, IOO amp battery charger, jumper cables, pipe wrenches up to 
48 inches. Top and die sets, pipe cutters, 5 air jack hammers, comealongs, bearing puller, proto sockets, I in. used fires and wheels, drop cords, worker tamper, acetylene torch with cart, V: (bom hoiest with assorted chains, gos powered water pump Pnuemetic saw, 24 in. with extra blades C-clamps 
Boomers, air hoses and regulators, paint guns, 4 truck jocks, power tools and assorted handtools. Cement finishing tools including 39 concrete forms 
Sledge hammers, picks, shovels, rakes, severol wheel borrows, water coolers, ladders, block and tackles, Hensley ripper, hand press, conveyer, steom jenny cleaner, stell cobole, disomantled ouiloinq 21x115. Reinforcing steel and wire 
Scrap pipe ond metol. 54 in. Skill portable drill IO picks, 6 borrel pumps. OII ond grease pumps. ALSO A ll office equipment including files, oak choirs, desks ond much much more. 
TERMS: Cash, Cashier s check, letter of credit. Payment Some Coy 
INSPECTION: 9 A M , Saturday until Sale Time. 
JOHN JONES 
A u c T io n e e r - T x G C - 7 7 - o o 2 9 

J. KAHN & ASSOC., Inc. 512— 324-4822 
5o96 Blanco Rd. 
San Antonio, Texas 78216 

ESTATE AUCTION 
The Estate of Mrs. Frances Cantrell 
(deceased) to be sold in her residence in taVernia, Texos 
Sun., M ay 1,2 P.M. 
DIRECTIONS: Proceeding from 41o fast, take Rigsby Exit, Hwy. 87 
South (toward Victoria) for 
18 miles to loVernio. Turn left of blinking light in LaVernia which is 
Blue Sonnet, proceed I Wk., turn left, third house on left. 
SA U W ill INCLUDE IN PART: ex quisife collection of old cut crystal 
• lamps with crystal drops, crystal candle bases, glasses, footed bowl, stems, water pitcher, crystal salad bowl, relish dishes, planers and other unusual pieces. Period 192o bedroom. Empire dry washstand 
Heavy grandfather rocker, curved front china cabinet. 
Occasioned tables with claw and ball feet. Win­ dup Vktrofo. Cedar chest. Empire buffet. Old wood burning stove. 
Parlor set. Round oak pedestal table. lamouge Austria decorator plates. Oriental cream and sugar. 
Belleek china tea set (signed). Plus d 

 selection of contemporary lure and appliances including washer and dryer, freezer, electric stove, living room and much more. 

INSPECTION: lO o m. Sun. til Sale. 

TERMS: Payment same doy. 
BACKYARD SEATING PROVIDED'! 
JOHN 
JONES 
Auctioneer 
Tk G C -7 7- 
o o 2 9 
J. Kahn A A h o *., ext. 1 9 4 9 
6 o 9 6 Blanco Rd., 3 4 2 -4 8 2 2 
P LA N N IN G A N A U C T IO N ? 
CONSIDER O U R REPUTATIO N J 

1666 
GET THERE flRSTI 

 j r ^ j j p 

 v ** 
I 

1976 BLAZER 

4 - w h e e i d r i v e 
I o w n e r 
C h e y e n n e p a c k a g e 
V 8 a u t o ai r 
B u c k s k i n a n d whi te 1 1541A 

PUBLIC SALE! 
Manufacturer to You 
Still in Crates 
Fully Assembled 
$ 2 6 9 .9 5 

Full Price Delivered 

Over 2.ooo brand new 1977 model 
Mushing Riding lawn Mowers. With immediately. Not for $469 95, only $269 9$. Full price factory warranty, y 5Z6V 9$. Full price del blade and gross catcher available. Place your order now or write For free 

PU, BUY ANYTHING 
T H A T D O E S N T E A T ! 11 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633-26oo or 633-o34o 

Student w a n ts n o n -w o r k in g , R e ­ f r ig e r a t o r s - f r e e z e r s - A if c o n d i­ tioners. 828-6585 

N HORES A! MARTIN ?2S 5333 
ANCILLA W IN T O N 

■6* F O R D E C O N O L IN E V A N 
6 CVI, sta n d a rd tra n sm issio n 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S P O P O 
T R U C K C E N T E R 
I S C A L L : W A L L Y 43S-4o71 

746 TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, RUSES 

1974 F o r d 4-w heet d riv e . M a n y e x tr o s ' 836-9565, 6*5 >o5*_________ j 
73 F O R D W ind o w von. vS. auto 
SZ85o. Jim , 661-4511________________ 
F O R $ A L ft: T ra ile r, G o o se n e c k 
U sed, 36 F ia t Bed. D u a l T a n d e m 
V a c u u m B ro k e s. G ood C ondition 
133oo C oll M ike, 22* >271 j 
‘ *76 F 75o. Super cob Tonger. OulO, air, pow er steering, b ro k e s, o u i 
I it t ia r v t a n k s , 39o V * , c a m o e r ii shell. 
11,ooo m i 
SS99S. M a n u e l ii 341 9433___________________ 
I 
7o F IOO S W I sta n d a rd SHOO 
II P ip e Creek. (1)333-4o13 
19*4 & M (! C O E S I N G L E A X L E 
318 
D E T R O I T 
1} S P E E D 

746 - TRUCKS S COMMERCIAL m u m s, buses 

S A N A N T O N IO T R U C K S 
S A L E S A S E R V IC E 
O M C , D ta m on d -R e o . Peterbuitt 
311o IH IO_________________ 661 4511 

 s c h o o l H ig h w a y D ie se l B u s e s 
73o) N O G A P T O S 
334 6711 
7* S C O U T 4x4 A t r D o o e . s t a n ­ d ard 68*-131o e v e n in gs___________ 
S e v e r a I r e l r i g e r a t e d t r u c k s. 
M a k e otter F r a n k 
732-1111. 
' I i S i lv e r a d o H ton . L o a d e d , 
19,ooo m ile s 542oo 434-5744 

SUPER CAB 
74 F o r d 'j ton S u p e r C o b 
A ir, 
4-spd., A M - F M s t e r e o 
P o w e r , d e lu x e f ib e r g la s s C a m o e r 
W H I 
D o y , o n o ^ c o n s id e r r e a s o n a b le o tte r 
1*o sp o ke w heels 648 ?773_____________ 
' *5 O M C G ro m T ru c k , tw in h v d ro m s S38oo 673 1o53______________ 
1 G M C 
T T T o o d e d u n d e r 8ooo m ile s 555oo 349-3*49, « to 5 

Tw in leaf, 344 1 59 5 

TOP PRICES 

74 G M C , sh o rt bed. 6 c v i sta n d 
• T T K a r y - I M 'V o n r n = \ n T ! » ’«»> B est Otter 656-1OOO 
F M 8-trock, o ir, 3o2 VS. 3-sod new paint 

U N L I M I T E D B U Y I N G 
Fu rn iture , A n tiq ue s, A p p lia n c e s 
734-9773 

'74 F o rd TOO Su p e r V an. Auto., air, power, radio. 3o2 VS.cond 
B o th g o o d co n d ., g o o d ru b b e r . 
Y o u r choice, 5295o. 696 5515. 

W A N T E D : O ld B a r b le D o ll, Cot j . J ™ . lections, C ash P a d 534-3655 atter ' lpm . 
W A V T E D S E R V I C E Sta tio n (»a 

72 F o rd E IOO V an. Stan d 6 t y l 

 picture brochure 
Call Anytime: 71 3 — 932-o221 
M A M M F G . SA L E S OF T E X A S 
8336 Long Point Road 
Houston, Texas 77o8o 

W A N T E D : R id in g la w n m o w e r, good condition, p refe r Sn a p p e r 
696-8235. 
W A N T E D : T r u m p e t ( K I N G o r e qu iva le n t) in good condition. 
681-o935 

S U P E R G A R A G E S A L E : S a t . 
Su n , A p r 3 o -M a y I. H o u s e h o ld 
■terns, recliner, couch, d ru m set, sm a ll le w e lrv sh o w c a se s, old bot­ tle lo t s of M I S C I T E M S 
6 9 19 
Bro o kfield (T w in C re e k ) 
W ant To B u y : 12x1o red o r gre en carpet. A tso 4-6 dinette c h a irs. 
435-8889. 

' W a s h e r a n d d r y e r , a p a r t m e n t 
I s iz e W h ir lp o o l, H a r v e s t G o ld , 
I H O V, 6 m os. o*d, 349-47o3 

W A S H E R - D R Y E R , 1976 K e n m o re green $3oo. 623-1114 

U se d c a r d e a le r '* g a r a g e sa le : 
M e c h a n ic s tools ond chest, boat pool table g a rd e n in g tools, tires. t u b c a p s, M a g w h e e ls , M I S C . 
Sot-Sun O N L Y ! 185 C o v in g to n Rd. 
Oft R ig sb y Rd. 

W A S H E R - D R Y E R . S e a r s w hite, 
SISO pair, good c o nd 492-272o 
W a sh e r d rye r, p a ir F r ig id o ir e too of the line, go ld 2 y rs *61-4835 

W e stin g h o u se d ry e r, like new , 2 c a sse tte tap e d e c k s, t re e l c a * sette, '62 L in co ln (p a rts), c h ild ’* organ. Aft 5, 658-3967. 
_____ 
W h ir l p o o l R e f r i g e r a t o r w it h rebuilt m otor. *75. 753-67o2, it no a n sw e r 655-5675. 

P L A Y B O Y , 1967 1976. c o m p i l e e xce pt for I issu e E x ce lle n t con ­ dition, 55o. John, 221-4845, 8-3 
P oo l table, 575. R u g s, S35ea. B a r ­ rel typ e dinette set, 6 c h a irs, 51oo. 
A tte r 3pm 648-oo21 

P oo l table, 4’x8’ V slate. 3 m o s old, perfect condition. C o st 51ooo. 
B e st ofter o v e r 56oo. 927 5535 

W hite-yellow , ro d iron 7pc. d in in g set SSO. Y e llo w Sa m so n ite c h a ise lou nge 55o. Y e llo w rod iro n a rm c h a ir sis.5 o , 24x37 b e v e le d m ir ­ ror, 51o. W hite vin yl sofa 5)75. All in excellent condition. 658-823o aft 
4pm. 

929 -GARAGE SALES 

P o rtab le K e n m o re d ish w a sh e r, 5 c ycle s, a v o c a d o , b u tc h b lo c k top, m a in te n an ce a g re e m e n t thru Sep 
78. 658-o39o. 

45)1 A c k e r m a n Rd. D e sk , fu rn i­ ture, m a n y m isc item s. Sa t a nd 
Sun. 

Air conditioner, 12,ooo B T U , 2 y r 
Old. 59o. F rig . 492-2414. 

A IR C O N D I T I O N E R S : ( I ) 16,5oo 
BTU , 22o volt, 525o. ( I ) a p p 1o,ooo 
BTU , HO volt, 585. 349-o82o 
A ir c o n d itio n e r 12,ooo B T U C a r- 
■ . r excellent cond. 58o 822 5484 

Ak ai T a p e D e c k G X - 2 8 o D - S S , 
545o, P io n e e r 4 - c h a n n e l ste re o receiver O X-747 525o. 2 K en w o od 
K L - 7 o 9 o S l 2 5 e a . 
2 K e n w o o d 
KL-777 5T2oea. 732-1415 
All K in d s of F u r n it u r e Sofa 569, 
D in in g R o o m Set, 5125, A n tiq u e 
W ardro b e 599, Com pt. T w in Beds. 
555 eo. G a m e T a b le *39, C he sts. 
525 and 535. S p a n ish C offee Table 
539. E n d tables 59, T V 549, M u c h 
M o re 17o5 W e st A v e I to 7pm. 
732-6595. 
_______ 

A L o v e ly W u rlitz e r W a ln u t Spin- net p ia n o w ith b en ch . 5695 c a sh and carry. 674-o458. 

A m -F m Stere o re c o d e r with turn ­ table a n d 2 la r g e s p e a k e r s 5125. 
653-226o atter 6 

A ntique L a r g e O a k Buffett 
227-448o. 
Antique oak sid e b oa rd , 515o. A n ­ tique oak o c c a sio n a l table. 575 
194 5683 

A n tiq ue Sofa, 2 A n tiq u e e n d ta­ bles, 494 1726 

A q u a riu m s: (2) 29 ga l salt water, 
( I) 55 ga l fre sh w a te r 654-o479 

A R M Y S U R P L U S & 
D A M A G E D F R E I G H T 
3o D A Y S T O C L E A R T H E A R E A ! 
T E N T S , 16x32. C H U T E S , F A N S , 
D O O R S , B U N K B E D S A N D M A T ­ 
T R E S S E S , S I N G L E B E D S , C O T S, 
B O A T S A N D M O T O R S , A D D IN G 
M A C H IN E S , S T O V E S , I S E T O F 
K I T C H E N C A B I N E T S , D E E P ­ 
F R E E Z E , F I L E C A B I N E T S , 
D E . K S - W O O D A N D M E T A L , 
S W I V E L 
C H A I R S , 
R I D I N G 
M O W E R , 
T R A C T O R 
W I T H 
S H R E D D E R , D R U M S . L O T S O F 
O T H E R G O O D I E S Y O U W O N T 
W A N T T O L I V E W IT H O U T . 5o35 
R O O S E V E L T , 924-8771. 
______ 

C 8 
C o b r a 
85 
B o s e a n d a 
S to rd u ste r A n te n n a , D1o4 M ik e , 
4o' m a sk o n d c o o * 53oo-best offer. 
337-7144. 

C e d a r sid in g a n d fe n c in g, new , 
2oc lin e a r ft. a n d u p v a r i o u s d im e nsion s. 1-42o-2786. 
C entral a ir con d itio n e r a nd heat­ ing unit, com plete. G E b ran d . C all after 
4pm 
635-8564 
A n ytim e w kends. 
J C h a irs , c a n b e u se d in liv in g room or den, I L a w se n typ e c h a ir 
SSO, I D a n is h m o d e rn S3S, E x c e l­ lent condition. 342-5961. 
C h ic k e rin g U p rig h t P ia n o , 2 end tables, 2 S p a n ish style lam p s, all it m e s , e x c e l l e n t c o n d it io n . 
828-5526, 654-1o1o after 5pm 
43 C h u rc h P e w s, 2oft. long, m ade o f B i r c h w o o d , w it h p o d d e d kneelers. C a ll 512-824-o139. 
2 5 " C o lo r M a g n a v o x T V B e a u ­ tiful M ed. style c on so le in e xce l­ lent condition. N e w p ictu re tube. 
5225 or best otter 341 5395 
C o lo r T V 575. B la c k a n d w h ite p ortable 537.5o. 733-o762. 
C o lo r T V 2 5 " S y l v a n ia , n e e d s repair. W ood cab in e t 56o 658-9o93 
C ouch a nd 2 c h a ir s 51oo. Dinette 
'O b i* 54o. 534-3o53. 
C o u c h , 3-pc se c tio n a l; e nd a n d coffe tab le s; la m p s. 661-7267 

C o u c h , 3pc se c tio n a l, 2 c h a ir s . 
C h ild 's M a g n u s o rg a n 648-347o 

A T T N C O N T R A C T O R S : T r a n s it with all a tta c h m e n ts. C a s t 56oo. 
Se ll 535o. U S E D I T I M E . N e w 
Je n n -A ir ra n g e w ith o v e n fo r c u s­ tom in sta lla tio n . C o s t 56oo. Sell 
535o 
N E V E R 
B E E N 
U S E D . 
192-172o 

A T T N E X E C U T I V E S : o ffice re­ frigerator, 4 c u tt. N e v e r been used. 
C ost 
5169.95. 
Sell 
5125. 
492-172o 
A u to m a tic d r y e r , fu rn itu r e , a p ­ pliances, typ ew riter. 226-2o72. 
B a b y fu rn itu re , a c c e s s o r ie s and clothes. L a d y 's c lo th e s size 9-1o, 
13-14. 3-tier teacart. See at 931 W. 
H uisoche. opt. 9 ___________________ 
B ob v G ra n d piano, F re n c h style, truitw oo d a n d b u r l fin ish 5145o. 
P a r l o r q r a n d p ia n o , e b o n y in color, refin ishe d in sid e 5195o, will con sid er trad e tor sm a lle r piano. 
349 2674. 

2 B a rb e r c h a ir s with m irr o r s and lavatory. C all 534-o139__________ 
B A T T IN G - P IT C H IN G M A C H IN E , a ir c o m p re sse d , coll S A ; 622-3862 or 429-32o4 

B E A U T I F U L B E D R O O M S U IT E . 
L a te s t style . M a t t r e s s , s p r in g , extra. A tter 2p m 924-315)__________ 
B e a u t if u l E a r l y A m e r i c a n 23' b la c k - w h it e c o n s o le T V . T w o m atchin g end tables. 733-1o62 

B eautiful K a r a s t a n R u g a pp rox. 
8 '8 "y 12' O rie n ta l d e sig n of pastel g re e n s a nd ro se 657-1672__________ 

Beautifu l ro u n d a n tiq u e oak d in ­ in g tab le w ith m a t c h in g buffet- scrver, 525o. 673-8o12 

B e d ro o m sets, S p r a g u e C a rlto n 
M a p le D in in g Set, H u tc h , Sofa, 
T a b le s, R e f r ig e r a t o r , W a s h e r - 
D r y e r , B u n k B e d s , T w in B e d , 
C h in a c a b in e t, M e d it e r r a n e a n 
Table, 6 ch o irs. 337-8)13.__________ 
B e d ro o m set, Q u e e n A n n e style bed, vanity, a rm o ire , $25o set. 
349-o82o 
. 
B ed roo m set, 4-piece blonde, *7oo. 
5-piece dinette set, $1oo. 6-piece liv in g r o a m se t. $45o. 8 -P ie c e g la s s - c h r o m e liv in g ro o m set, 
$25o. 674-8917 after 7pm 
_ _ _ _ _ 
B ed roo m Set, A ll Acc., O ak, W e s­ tern Style. T w in B e d s, Sta c k os 
B unks. B o x S p r in g s a nd M attre ss. 
D esk, B u re au , C re d e n z a , C h a irs, 
P rin ts , O x - Y o k e a n d L o n g h o r n 
H a n gin gs, $875 F IR M . 656-912o. 

B e d r o o m s u ite 5 p ie c e F r e n c h 
P rovincia l. 492-2652. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
B E D S - d o u b l e o r k in g . S t u r d y b un k beds, w a sh e r, d ry e r, love- seat, sofa SISO. C h e st of d ra w e rs 
SIO. P ed e stal table SSO. 654-6263. 
B e d s! full $6o. tw in $45ea. bunk 
$95. chest of d r a w e r s 535 349-o82o 
$5o 
B i c y c l e . 
733-9878 
R a le ig h 
3 speed, 

C o v e re d W a g o n , go o d cond ition. 
Call 625 1612 N e w B ra u n fe l*. 
C U S T M 
D R A P E S : 
C o r n is h board, lined d ra p e s, sh e ers, and rods, triple, 9 p a n e l 84 " long, d o u ­ ble, 7 p anel 8 4 " tong. A n tiq ue S a ­ tin Se ofo am G re e n S25o. 828-5o83. 
D a m a g e d 12x32 Cottage, term s, tree d e liv e ry 732-5171. 

D eluxe C B b a se station, h as d ig i­ tal clock, m eter, a n a ly ze r, Delta- tune, all e x tra s. 
B est otter. 
684 37o9. 

D E S K - la r g e , m e ta l, d r a w e r s each side. 56o C A S H . 434-6673 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O ak, W a ln u t, M e ta l. E x e c u tiv e , 
Se cre ta ry, S tu d e n t • la rg e selec tion. $79.5o a n d up. A ls o G o o d s e le c t io n of F I L E C A B I N E T S f r o m 569 5o 
1 131 B a s s e R d , 
733-7367, 734-3o81___________________ 

D esk, student sta in le ss steel, good condition. 927-2766 
____ 
D ia m o n d R i n g M a r q u is a r r a n ­ gem ent on B e a u tifu l Ye llow Gold m ounting. 494-1726 

GRAND OPENING 
SATURDAY 
April 3o, 1oAM -6PM 

BROOKES I BROOKES 

UNLIMITED 

523 W. Hildebrand 

Free Coffee A Cookies 

Join M att A Chris for o tired Furniture Extra vaga n za 
Antique* and A ppliances 
'O u r Business Is Unlimited' 

SPECIAL PRICES 
8 h and-m ade O riental Rugs 

K in g s iz e b ed c o m p le te , F r e n c h 
P ro v in c ia l. 
51oo. 
732-5244 atter 
8pm. ___ 
____ 

Q ueen A n n sid eb o ard , bevel m ir ­ ror. 6 oak c h a irs, kitch en c h a irs. 
533-7411. _______________________ 

R a n g e , M a g i c C h e f e le c t r ic , a v o c a d o , 51oo. B la c k v in y l Soto, e x c e ll e n t c o n d it io n , 
51oo. 
512 663-52o5 aft. 5:3opm 
R E C O N D I T I O N E D 
T V S ' 
C o n so le s, P o r t a b le s , C o lo r a n d 
B la c k -W h it e , c o lo r a s lo w a s. 
$129 95, B W, $29.95. SSO dow n, a s low a s 51o a wk. G E O R G E ’S T V a nd A P P L . 2415 H a r r y W u rzb a c h , 
828-13o6. 
I R e c o rd cabinets, all inclo se d in 
M ed. style finish. J u st b eautiful a s end fables, *6o ea. 341-5395 
R e e l-to reel tope r e c o rd e r w ith 
A M - F M r a d io , A C o r b a t t e r y . b rie fca se type, 535. 735-2958 
R e frig e ra to r, a u to m a tic w a sh e r, fre e ze r. P e rfe c t c on d . R e a s o n a ­ ble. 226 1959. 

A L A M O H T S H IG H S C H O O L 

A fantastic collection of u se d it e m s a t 
7 o ! 
W i lt s h ir e , 
T E R R E L L H I L L S . 826-1242 
S a t-S u n . 8 a m -$ p m . C lo t h e s, furniture, E T C . 

1)33 A le x H am ilton , Fri, Sa t and 
Su n 1oam to 5pm . 732-2o77 

93o - MERCHANDISE WANTED 

T u m a u e s T A p p t o ^ 
WE PAY MORE 
E states, A n y th in g of value... fro m one piece lo houseful Call 
342-4755 A n ytim e 
Est. 1949 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
B u y, Sell, T rad e , R e p a ir 
5322 S A N P E D R O 
828-2327 
C A S H tor y o u r U se d P ia n o 
224-7111 o r 224-11o2 

D IA M O N D S 
W illiam s, 227-87o2, 15o E . H o u sto n 

A r m y R e b e k a h L o d g e Y a r d Sale. 
C lo t h e s a n d M I S C . 6 9 2 5 SO . 
F L O R E S . 
A p r. 
3o- 
M O V 
2, 
9om -dark. 
C a stle H ills T h u r th ru &un, C u s- tom w o o d c a b in e t d o o r s , so m e a p p r o x . 2 4 " x 18” , F i s h e r P r ic e 
T o y s in e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 125 
L o u Jon. 
C a s t le H i l l s ' H o m e f i r s t t im e ! 
G A R A G E S A L E ! M e n s s u it s . I 
42 -46 lo n g ; l a d i e s '- c h i I d r e n ' s clothes, toys; stove, 54o; M O R E ! I 
125 
Lou Jon C ircle . T h u r s -S u n | 
O N L Y ! 

E S T A T E 
S A L E 
S a t - S u n , 
9om -5pm . 631 w E l M o n te 

746 - TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS, BUSES 

'74 D o d g e C lub C a b 4 wht d riv e . 
Loaded. 
*385o. o r 
B e st otter. 
658 1696. 
7 3 O o d g e G o o d t i m e s V a n . 
Pow er, oir, 8-trock. 349-o211, 
‘75 D o d g e S p o r t s m a n V a n , p e r feet, 12,ooo m iles, pow er, a ir, au- to, m o n y extros. 55ooo. 658-2335. 

•76 D O D G E Super C a b 
T o ke up p pym ents, no equity, call 
C red it M a n a g e r, 349-6948________ 

■76 D o d g e ’ ? T o n p ic k u p . O n ly 
1o.ooo mi. L ik e new. M u st sell. W ill help finance. C oil T im 433-1464 

•74 D o d g e V a n M a x i IS p a s s . 
L oa d e d ! 826-9565, 695-8o56 
O R IV E IN T R U C t f S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o2 L a re d o Hw y. 924-6551, 924-6552 

'69 E l C am in o. 6 CVI., std. E c o n ­ om ical. ru n s good. $895. D o n U r- bonec: 222-9481, 8 a.rn. to S p.m . 

•7$ E l C a m in o . SSI), n e w t ir e s, 
I loaded. 
24,ooo m iles. 
541oo. j 696-5o58. 
[ 
1975 F o rd B ro n c o 4-w heei d riv e . 
N ice! 826-9565, *95-8o56____________ 

 rage Equip, m u st be in exce llen t condition. 
R e a s o n a b ly p ric e d 
69o-9632______________________ 

W A N T E D 
U se d stoves, r e t . a ir cond , fu rn itu re , la w n m o w e r s , clothes. 333-2939. 
, 
W A N T E D : W o r k i n g o r N o n - 
W o rk in g r e f r ig e r a t o r s : 435-555o or 673-767o 
W A N T TO B U Y 1 old g a so lin e and oil a d v e r t is in g , o ld s ig n s , g o s p um p s globes, etc. 654-6879 

We buy F u rn itu re , A p p lia n c e s 
E sta te s A n tiq ue s G la s s w a re etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
*53-3714 anytim e, 655-4634 eves. 
J O H N ft R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Licen se d ond B o n d e d B u y e r s 

W e b u y in v e n t o r ie s , to o ls a n d e q u ip m e n t o r w h o t - h a v e - y o u . 
P o -C o , *45 9 O ld H w y 9o W e st, 
673-2573 or 533-9o98. 
_________ 
We Buy" R e frig e ra to rs 
734-4237, 7o7 W est A v e 
W E P A Y C A S H 
F o r G ood U se d F u rn itu re 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
416 D oloroso 
_________227-6512 

We Pay More Cash 

F o r Tho) G o o d P ia n o 
T h at you o re not u sin g . P le a s e call M r. Leon at 223-6151. md 

C all M a n u e l 
341 9433______________ 
7 5 F o rd E x p lo re r 6 53*75 
'73 F o r d R o n g e r X L T loaded *2*75 
'73 F o rd E x p lo re r, loaded . 52575 
2o2 N ew L a re d o H w y 924-221 1 
19 7 5 
F o rd 
F I SO 
E x p l o r e r 
L a u d e d ' 82* 9565. 495-8o56 

7! O M C ** ton Auto . L W B , V I, p o w e r , r a d io 
L ik e n e w t ir e s . 
$12oo 
342-9882 Otter 4, a n ytim e w k e n d s_____________________________ 
1974 G M (f J* ton. C B 
All pow er, 
Qir. 735-2593 

G R A N D E C O R D T R U C K S A L E S 
IH IO and W W. W hite R o o d 
__________ **1-412) 

7 6 I H C S c o u t l l 
5 CVI., radio. 3 sod. 18 city m pg, 
$3888. 73 7-2I4 J_____________________ 

73 I H C. 17oo se rie s with 2o v o n . body R o llup re o r door, side door, a n d lift gate , V S e n g in e 
5 so d 
75 F O R D F 25o. pickup, 4-speed. 
Iro n s G ra n d e F o rd * * l i m 
I air, 5415o. 341-3933 
___ 
I 7 3 F o r d , F 25o R o n g e r X l *\ 
I H C T r O V e l O i 

C a m p e r special, loaded, with ton 
, x*** r la? ' ?! tut*? i n ck s » n rn ntm no ri B n u n i rnnrhm nn te n o r a nd exte rio r, tro lle r p ock- 
Self c on ta in e d R o y a l C o a c h m a n cam per. *35oo 654-6367 age. lu gg a ge rock, $3885 Fin on c- 
.................................... m g available, 732-2143. 
•75 F O R D F-25o R a n g e r, m u st sell j I o~ i n T p p n a T To n a i 
P TTC un" now, will help finance. C all W o o d y ! 
.v . -G JI A t I O N A L P ic k u p . 
433*1464 
I 
■h F o rd P ISO S u p e r Cot*. 39o. fully 
#7 ’ j " ’* 
' t on * ' W D loaded, stereo, cru ise , sh o rt bed, ; i g a 
& a 
B l s h o w r o o m c o n d it io n . 
$ 5 7 * 5 . 1 i n t e r n a t i o n a l T r u c k s 

T o ke o v e r p a y m e n ts , Ti C h e v ­ ro le t p ic k u p 
N o e a u it v 
C art 
824 76o* Otter 7 
4*4 5734__________ 

Toke over p a y m e n ts on 74 F o rd pickup. Colt 722 o91* a sk for Den- 
I f t * .tw a t >:-656-4321 

T o k e u p p a y m e n t s 
J * C h e v y 
C ustom V o n L o a d e d ' P lu sh cor- pet 
657-2175; see at *427 C le a r 
S P ' ■ " ( ) ____________ 

•*9, 2 to n C he vy, lo o ks o nd ru n s like new L o w m ile age N e w tires, 
5 sa d Iro n s, 7 so d rear. Witt con- sid er trode *74 1*o4 ' »K ._______ 

74 T o yo to H i- L u * p ic k u p , v e r y good cond Coil. 923 4*48 
7! Tovoto H iL u x Ptefcuo c a m p e r box $13oo best otter 675-41o2 

75 Toyoto p icku p L l , 4-spd . air. ro dio, c a m p e r sh e ll 
S h o w r o o m cond Atter * 
*54 *4 1 $ ___________ 

1974 TOYOTA PICKUP 
A u tom atic tra n sm issio n ...5 1 3 9 5 
J A M IS O N M t rs S e g uin 773 $7o) 
VANS: Buy Sett Trade 
6831 S .F L O R E S 
923-4211 
74 V E G A . sm a ll p an el D e liv e ry , auto 59*5 333 8152 

W A N f e b 

 t-569-296o, P le a sa n to n _____________ 

1976 F o rd P ISO Su p e rc u b R a n g e r 
X L T , loaded. G ra n d e F o rd T ru c k 
Soles 661-4121________ 
73 F o rd A-6oo w ith 16 in su la te d r e fr ig e r a t o r b o d y , th e rm o k in g unit w ith e le c t r ic s t a n d b y. V 8 e ngin e a n d 3 so d Ir o n s G ra n d e 
Fo rd 661-4121. 

 lf73 F O R D p icku p , 3 sect radio, 
$7195 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo S A N P E D R O 
341-1356 

SS F o r d P ic k u p 

 t is Steve * A v e 
534-5471 

 p re d a te ! *7oo. 
433-o731 

S e e to a c ­ c o ll before 3pm, 

•Ti Ford R a n c h e ro with tarp, en­ g in e o n d t r a n s m i s s i o n o v e r ­ hauled. T ra n s, still in w a rra n ty , 
$24oo 434-2789. 133 832o 

E V E R Y T H I N G M U S T G O to 4pm 
862 P en n ysto ne , S A T O N L Y 

8o m 

K in g s iz e B e d , e x t r a f ir m , still p a c k a g e d $145. c o m p le t e w ith w id e r o ll e r s t e e l f r a m e a n d d e l iv e r y . 
B i g b r a s s k i n g h e a d b o ard 
S65. 
U su a lly h om e 
684-8234. 
K in g size m a ttre ss a n d b o x sp rin g set, good condition. 684-1585 

K ir b y V a c u u m , with a ttach m en ts, n e w 1977 m o d e l. 
In c a r t o n . 
R e g u la rly $379.95. Sell *235 A tter 
6pm 696 9555________________________ 

R e frig e ra to r Frost-free , 15 cu ft.. perfect. SISO 824-8731.__________ 
R E F R I G E R A T O R 2 d r, g o o d condition, 575. C oil 533-339. 

R e frige ra to r, 12 c urt., A v o c a d o J, e 
J yrs. old 51oo 653-9869 f 
J 
” ?.* _®.* . ! * '? * x 
»'■ ------- — ;— r — ■■ ■ ' i rn en Is, c lo t h in g , h o u s e w a r e s , 
R e f r ig e r a t o r , G E A m e r ic a n o , im a c ra m e b a s k e ts , lo u n g e e xe r- 
. . . . ciser, M IS C ! Sat. A p ril 3o, 9am -22 
1522 S C H L E Y 
22cu ft, Ice m a ke r, 494 1726 

L a r g e r e c lin e r , s a c r if ic e $135, n e a r new. A ir h o c k e y table. $65 
A n tiq ue coffee se rv ic e . 681-21o5. 

R E F R I G . S e a r w hite 15.2 C u Ft. ice-m aker, 2 y rs S25o. 492-277o 

R e m in gto n L-H a u to m a tic HOO. 12 g o u g e 732-2626 aft.5:3o R u sty. 
R e v a l m e a t g r in d e r a n d s a la d m a k e r (new ). 53o. 3 P iece set v in ­ yl lu g g a g e (ne w ), *25. Set of golf c lu b s, 53o. C L E V E L A N D sin g le 
F re n c h H orn , 5)25. B E S S O N E u ­ p honium , 545o. Y A M A H A F re n c h h orn, 565o. S I L V E R T O N E g u ita r a n d am p., 57o 494-5725 

L a r g e S e a r s u p r ig h t w it h ic e ' m a k e r and w ater d isp e n se r, gold 1 
$15o; M a y t a g w a s h e r d r y e r , 6 j m o s old, g o ld 55oo b o th ; m e ta l I d in e t t e , y e llo w $ 5 o ; 
T a s a r s I 
1o-speed bike. 2 m o s old 56o. A il in ; good condition. 344-27)2; 349-o912 
L a r g e sofa, gre en , 4 c u sh io n s, like new, $75. 494-6964. 
L a w n m o w e r, ga so lin e, go o d cond, 
$3o. 492-2414. 

L a w n m o w e r, T o ro , elect, start, self propelled. 438 O rc h a rd . 

L ik e n ew 25' c o n so le R C A color 
T V $18o. 927-5827 

R O L E X P R E S I D E N T I A L 
H idden clasp. New . 526oo 
________ 349-419) o r 349-1639 

S 
A 
L 
E 
McDonald’s 

Tits Clearance Center tor 

 nne el America’s largest 

 s 

J fa m ily G a r a g e S a le : 9-6, 9419 
G old Hill, H e rita g e F a rm . Sa tu r- d ay Only. 673-3594. 

F O R D 9ooo C ob o ver, T w in Sc re w 
318 hp Detroit D ie se l *65oo. 25 T 
Lo w b o y 545oo. 532-41 SI. 

‘^4 £ o rd C a m p e r Von, a ir, c ru ise c o n t r o l, f u lly c a r p e t e d o n d p a n e le d , s in k , r e f r ig . , s t o v e . 
I3,ooomi. 5*95o. 655-455o. 
.. $245o 

746 - TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

1975 EL CAMINO 
CLASSIC 

V8, auto., air, p o w e r ste e r­ 

 ing, gre e n & w h ite )Y 18 14 A 

A N C IR A W IN T O N | 
19o1 BROADWAY 224-5516 

'73 F o rd Courier. E x ce lle n t cond.: lo w m ile a g e , c a m p e r c o v e r , 
24m pg 
M U S T 
S E L L ! 
$1995, 
736-5353 

72 F O R D C U S T O M P I C K U P 
3o2 VS, sta nd a rd , sw b. 51495 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S F O R D 
T R U C K C E N T E R 
C A L L : W A L L Y , 435-4o71 

76 F O R D Ranchero GT 
T a ke o v e r p a y m e n ts, no e quity. 
Colt C red it M a n a g e r 349-6948 

72 F o rd R a n c h e ro . Vfd, std., g in 
A M 
S? 7 SO. 
M r. 
K lu n k e rt. 
224-27o4. 
______ 
■75 F o rd R o n g e r X L T , this truck is lik e n ew , f u lly lo a d e d . N e w fires, 
21,ooo a ctu a l mi. 
$3,895. 
922-o184 
'72 F o rd R a n g e r, P o w e r a n d oir, 
51495 349-1o*o. 
*74 F O R D Stylesid e. 52795. 
3859 N ogalito s 
923-28o1 

75 F o rd C u sto m C W B , L o o d e d ! 
82* 95*5, *95 8oS*__________ 

75 F o r d C u s t o m F 2 S o , 
Load ed 82* 9565 695-8o56 ton. 

‘73 F O R D C lub w a g o n . 
'74 F O R D C a rg o vo n 
'72 F O R D C a rg o v a n .. 
•71 F O R D C o rg e v o n .. 
6831 S . F L O R E S 

‘76 F o r d C u s t o m iz e d 
C la s s ic * 
*245o I V o n - 
Loaded! 
E v e s : 
656-42oo. 
1215o j *54-351) 
71 £ o rd Ecdnline, ton, w indow 
... *175o 
923-4211 von, V-8, Stoddard, 333-3351. 

1976 F o rd 25o So p e r Cob. L oa d e d ! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
•75 F o r d a u to, a ir, p o w e r. 
E x tra cteon 53595 1-751 294) 

197! F o r d ’ j ton F le e lsid e . A u ­ tomatic. 51395 I 755-4738 
•71 F o r< J ‘ >» to n p ic k u p , V I I 3 speed, fa c to ry a ir. 36.ooo m ile s, good Cond 51395. 494-5495. _______ 

•7! F O R D U ton. VS, auto., air. 
$145o. Jim 
661 451)________________ 

•66 F o r d : ? T P U. L W B , V B, sta nd ., g o o d w o r k t ru c k , *45o. 
O w ne r 922-3o2o_____________________ 
‘76 F o rd V an, $2oo a nd take o ver p aym ents. 333-662o otter 5 pm . 
’Ti F o r d V a n C u s t o m i z e d b v 
C la ssic . U n iq u e paint. L o v e tu n ­ nel. 
T rim m e d in white fur 
$7195341-o525 
_____________ 
•72 F O R D V A N 6 c y lin d e r stu n dord. 349-o483 otter 5 p m _________ 
F O R D V A N *7. £ ISO. C arp e te d int., bed, ice b ox, lig h tin g , A M - 
F M , 8-track. C B h oo ku p ontenno. 
C ro g e r m a g s, b ig ra d ia ls. 52ooo firm . 532-69o2 

•7o I N T E R N A T I O N A L ’ » T O N . otter. 226 1797 
C O L D A SR . A U T O 
P O W E R , 
77 
L I C E N S E , I N S P E C T I O N . N E W 
T IR E S . 
F IR S T 
5S9o 
C A S M 
828-6959 

O L D E R P IC K U P 69o 1o33 
I t W IL L Y P IC K U A 4 wht d rive . 
327 V8 N e w on- off ro o d t ir e s 
H u n t in g r o c k . 5 1 1 o o o r m a k e 

19*7 intern ation al 1*oo series, 14 flatbed with 7ooo lb cap. E le c. lift tailgate $15oo *95-9218 

•7o in te rn a l I T a v e tla ll to w p a c k a g e , s t a n d . 345 e n g , s m s 684-8368 atter 5pm 

•SS m in i p ic k u p C u sto m in sid e ond out. M u st see to a p p re cia te 
*95-8429 

•65 tntn l. w ith C a m p e r S h e ll. 
R e b u ilt Ir o n s . , c lu tc h , b r a k e s 
S95o’ Trodi, for G u n s ' 69o-o727 
J E E P J-2ooo 4 w h e e l d r. w ith cam p er, 924-o331 

L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D I E S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1-798-3254 
IN T E R N A T I O N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
P O B o x 411 H a llettsville.T x 

73 M a z d a P ic k u p , r e f } / 'lo w m ileage, m o n y e x tra s 655-275o 
N E W and U S E D B u m p e rs. L igh t w eight to h e a v y duty. F o r all siz e s I 
Of p ic ku p tru c k s 924-6551-2o2 N e w >: 
L a re d o Hw y. 

197* O w e n s Ir o n e r , 18' b ed , 4 ' ; a lu m in u m sides, 4 w heel b ro k e s, I 
12oo m i, n e w -5 35 oo . S a c r if ic e ! j 
$27oo 494 6421_____________________ I 

O W N E R O P E R A T O R S 
3 a x le t r a c t o r s a n d f la t b e d t r a ile r s fo r sta te w id e h o u lm q 
Plenty of freight, b a c k h a u ls Fu ll se ttlem ent w e e k ly O ld e r t r u c k s accepted. 924 7273: 333 5894 

1969 P ete C O E tw in sc re w , 25o 
C u m m in *, R o a d R a n g e r , e x c e l­ lent, $725o. A L S O Int. t r a c to r s, j conventional c ob s 512-655-2o82 
•7* P ly m ou th T ra il D uster. 4-whl drive, low miteoqe. 
5*5oo 
1-755-8146. 

'7o P O S T A L J E E P 37.ooo rn, ex collen) cond auto 732-6oo6 

W O R K T R U C K 
62 F o rd P ic k u p 22* 2o77 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

J e m T t t e m s f e T r t ^ y u s r s e T r T l^ s 
S u z u k i G T 5 o o 
F u l ly d r e s s e d 
51o95. A ls o 1975 S u z u k i G T 25o. 
5595. B o th b ik e s in s h o w r o o m c on d itio n 1 Coll: 655-9355 
•74 B M W 9oo W in d io m m e r, F M - 
C B C on n ections S7o95 347 5o87 

•74 B ulta co E n d u ro 25o E x c e lle n t ru n n in g cond S2oo 659 )889_______ 

•77 B W 75o cc w ith fro m e -m o u n l la irin g, $17oo 661-7oo4. 

C le an H o n d o 7*8, 75 U n d e r 2,ooo m i 5135o *99 1167 734 8541_________ 

C on ve rt y o u r Street B ik e to Cate 
R a c e r ! Hi p e rto rm a n c e w o rk on o il tw o -stro k e s' Steve 
433 44jn 
35o 3 c y lin d e r K a w a s a k i, n e w tires, batteries, excellent con d 
732 3 
) 
3 
o 
_____________ 
74 D u cati 
4'io i m iles. Si IOO 
C on 695 9324: 342 37o3___________ 
E N G I N E , 1 97 5 K a w o s o k e I I, with heoders, c a rb s, a nd title ISO 
M i $1.ooo F irm . 494 6421___________ 
I 1974 H a rle y D a v id s o n S X I7 i, 
$35o or best Otter 656 3785 

'75 M o rle y D a v id s o n S X 25o. S S M 
C oll otter 6 pm , 699 1577. 
1976 M o rle y D a v id s o n fti-C en le n m o i S u p e r g lu e , e x c e lle n t. 35oo mi, tou rin g seat. ro ck, 
*315o 
494 6421. 

•7* H a rie v D a v id s o n 12oo cc E le c ­ tra Glide, like new, le ss than ISO m ile s 
M o v in g , m u s t s e ll. l-62> 95*7 utter 5 pm. 

•74 H o rle y S u p e r d lid e . A p p ro x 
*5oo o rig m i $2ooo *48 155). 
19/3 M o nd o C 8 7 So -K 2 . E x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 
O n e o w n e r . $1 2 9 5 . 
341-2945 atter 5 p m 

•74 H o n da CBJAO 
545o *96-73o2 
L u g g a g e ro ck 

‘77 
F o r d 
V o n 
E c o n o t m e 
15o 826 9565,695-8o56 

74 F o rd V a n half ton, 6 cyi sla m d ard M o n thru F r i call 532-3238; 
Sot a nd Sun, 532-5o77. 

'73 R a n c h e ro A u to , air, pow er 
R a d ia ls, good cond. 
$1895. 
333 7982. 

■74 R a n c h e r o G T , 3 S I V-8, P -S , 
P -B , a u t o . A M F M , G e m to o cover, low m ile age , e xtra clean, 
M U S T S E L L ! 681 o37* 

S A N A N T O N IO T R U C K 
S A L E S ft S E R V IC E 
G M C , 
D IA M O N D 
R E O . 
P E T E R 8 IL T 
881o IM IO E A S T , 6*1 4511 

73 H O N O A C B 35o 5,ooo m ile s 
E xce lle n t condition! $65o o r b est 
Otter 653 5286 
74 H O N O A C B 3*o M o v in g $595 
2o5 W C roiq. Apt I. M g r 
1975 H o n d a . C B S o o T , e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n , 6,o oo n u 
F a i r i n g , lu gg a ge rock, $1,ooo *84 8747 

75 H O N D A C B 3 *o T. 5,ooo m i like hew 5*7$. 924 6*71__________________ 

‘TO H o n d a C L-3So E x c e lle n t con dition $35o. 974-7532 

72 H O N D A C L 175 s c r a m b le r , o n ly 13oo m i. S h o w r o o m c o n d 
$45o *84-474o eves. 

F u r n it u r e , a p p lia n c e s , c lo t h e s a n d m isc . s e v e r a l fa m ilie s. Sa t a n d Su n 9-6. 931 W G ra m e rc y . 

G A G E S A L E : M a p le fin ish c rib o n d chest, stroller, coffee a n d end tables, se w in g m ach in e, w eights, c a r ste reo , b ic y c le , M I S C ! 6511 
H idden 
Bluff 
653-9723 
So t-Su n 
O N L Y ! 

GARAGE SALE 
5o-1oo F A M I L I E S 
• A n fiq u e s» F u rn itu re » A p p iia n c e s 
E v e r y w k nd S e lle rs 54-Sat $8 Su n 
1428 A u stin H w y, 828-1488 
T H E S A. F L E A M A R K E T 

' 
‘ ' 
* '•> 

 b r f 1 m ss. I a q 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
SERVICE DIRkCTORY * 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

G a r a g e S a te : K e n m o r e d w a sh e r, ru gs. M o n y m o re ite m s iw ed . thru Sun. 9-5pm. 12115 L a s jN u b e s 453 4387.____________________ 

G a ro q e Sale A p ril 29 a n d 3o, 9 to 5, 
2738 H it c h in g P o s t , f u r n it u r e . 

934 BUSIMfSS OIBECTOBV 

L ik e new c ou ch a nd c ha ir, B la ck ft D e c k e r edger. 735-2862. 
L u g g a g e c a rrie r, for lop of station w agon, u se d once. 52o 341-2897. 

D ine tte , 41” r o u n d w o o d g r a in 
F o rm ic a fop, w ith 17” leaf o n d 4 ton vin yl ch o irs. 732-3182__________ 

D IN IN G R o o m T a b le and sw ive l chairs. L ik e new. 515o. 494-1193. 

M I 
3o 
C A L 
C a r b in e . 
515o. 
Q u a rte r sca le m ode l T car, type u se d b v S h rin e in p a r a d e s, new condition, 52oo. Y a sh ic a tw in lens c a m e r a w ith trip o d , 51oo. C a ll atter 5pm 68i-t383 

D R U M S E T 
E x c e lle n t condition. 
Ideal tor b e gin n e r. 575. 342-o313. 

D r y e r , K e n m o r e g a s, a v o c a d o , 
585. G a s ra n ge , 5)25. 349-o82o 
E a r ly A m e ric a n T a b le s by Lane, 
L a r g e C o f f e e t a b le s $35. tw o a u o r e e n d t a b le s 53o ea. tw o m a tchin g 3 w a y la m p s 52o ea. 
653-6o47 

M o v ie c a m e ra , K e y sto n e Super-8. 
SSO. O v e r IOO 8-trac topes, m o stly rock, 
S2eo. 
4 tope h old ers. 
735-2958 
M O V I N G A R I Z O N A : 3 r o o m s good c a rp e tin g, $3oo. N e w c h in a cabinet, d a rk oak finish, su itab le 
Sp a n ish style, 52oo. Belt vib ra to r, 
$25 . 344-o o 7 2. 

E le c ra n g e , le s s than ly r. 5125. 
R e frig e ra to r 565 349-o82o 

E n c y c l o p e d i a s , 1976 e d it io n , n ever used. S375 o r best offer. 
337-8367 
2 file cabinets, 2 d ra w e r letter, 26 in. P a ir $45. 696-977o e ves 
? F IS H IN G R o d s and R e e ls with m innow b ucket. 52o. 734-o352. 
F O R S A L E : C h in a Cabinet. B a m ­ boo P a tte rn C r y st a l. C o lu m b ia n re c o rd p la y e r cab in et. B e d side stand. 824-136o. 

M O V IN G ! ! ! C h ild c ra ft b a b y bed with m a ttre ss $7o, H ig h C h a ir, no j tro y SIO. 1o X 3 ’ fo rm ca tab le-legs fold 575, e xecutive h igh b a c k d esk c h o ir *1oo. m e te r pole w ith elec- 1 trie w o rk 525, lu m b e r 1oc ft., kit- I c h e n tab le 51o, o rn a te S p a n is h sw a g la m p so c rific e $75. 494-3778. 
I 
M O V I N G M U S T S E L L ! S o c b e ­ d ro o m suite, 4pc w a ln u t dinette set, 2 cou ch e s, 2 y r old g o s stove, r e f r ig e r a t o r , ste re o . A n d M u c h 
M o re 
732-2684 o r 
1438 
W est 
Lyn w o od . 

F o r Sale. D e sk , M a g n a v o x stereo, 
F lo k a t is , k i li m s , w o o d e n a r m chairs, shettt. 492-2458. 
F o r Sale ; I B M T yp e w rite r, M o n ­ ro e 
E p i c 
2 o o o 
C a l c u la t o r , 
C om p u te r- A u to R e c o rd in g T a p e 
]' b y 24* O p e c P r o t e c t o r , p lu s other m isc. e quipm ent. 475-2114. 

M O V I N G 
M U S T 
S E L L : 
H o u se h o ld go o d s, toys, c lo th in g, 
A p ril 28-3o 7o19 E v e in g Sun. 
M U S T S E L L ! L o w e r y ’ M a g i c 
G e n ie 44 O r g a n , b u ilt - in t a p e deck, rh yth m section, e arp h o n e s, cost 528oo new . 4 m o s old, m u st scil due to fin a ncia l c risis S I BOO or m a k e otter. 435-4779. 

• W e R ented It Fttst, 
So w e can sell it tor le s s." 
Lam ps ..........................SS 
Tables ........................... $5 
Headboards 
Chairs ....... 
Mattress Sets 
Dinettes __ 
Dressers ... 
Sofas ........................... $69 

McDonald’s 
4742 Dodge Street 
656-6o55 
Mon.-Sat., 9 to 5 
M a s t e r C h a r g e -B a n k A m e r ic a rd 
S t a r t l e T e r r a c e exit off 
IH35, cross under IH35, left to Whirlwind, left on Ball. 

S C R E E N D O O R , 3 6 '? in. w ith in serf. $15. 456-6334. 

S E W I N G M A C H I N E 
N e lc o Z ig ­ za g , m in o g r a m s . b u tto n h o le s, tike new, in cabinet. C o st 5289 5o, 
Sell 59o. 824-4879. 

 itoys, clothes, a p p lia n c e s.__________ 
G A R A G E S A L E , m a n y c lo th e s a n d item s. M o st u nd e r $1.oo 338 
*iu rre ls____________________ _ 

G A R A G E S A L E ! Sat. A p ril 3o, Ail c 1 o : So rts of T h m g si 331 T im b e rla n e 
' J * 
826-793o._____________________________ l i t 
G A R A G E S A L E , C h a r ie r O a k s . 
* 
Sot-Sun 1o7)8 M o ss b o n k ___________ 

* 3 9 
G A R A G E 
S A L E : 
Q u a li t y 
$ 5 “ w o rld w id e k itc h e n -h o m e d e c o r a ­ tor item s, p ain tin gs, books, filin g cabinet, elec. ty p e w rite r, bottle ra ilro a d and ra ilro a d b ook case. 
E tc 
T h u r Su n . W e st of 41o off 
C u le b r a in F o r e s t G le n n , 7539 
P ip e rs C reek. 

A D D IT IO N S 

B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H I L D C A R E 
H A N D Y M A N 

REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T I M A T E S 
C & S LUMBER 
4647 R O O S E V E L T 
924-8554, 924-8557 

A C C O U ST IC A L C E I L IN G S 

Sin g le g a ra g e o v e rh e a d door, 575, com plete. 922-3312 att 4pm. 

G a ra g e Sale, fu rn itu re a n d m isc. 
6824 N e sto n O r. C a m e lo t T o w n - 
! houses. A p ril 28, 29, 9-3pm________ 

G A R A G E S A L E : S a le sm a n sa m - 
I p ie s - U n ifo rm s , o th e r c lo th in g , i h o u se h o ld ite m s, etc. T h u r -S a t. 
I 158 T a n s y ), oft V a n c e J a c k s o n 
Loop 41o. 
G arag e S a le , m o v in g , d is h e s 
! m i s c e l la n e o u s it e m s , 1 *4 E l 
M onte, Fri. a n d Sot. 8:3o to 6. 
G A R A G E S A L E : S A T O N L Y ! 
! Fu rn , L am p s, Staine d G lo ss, and 
: M o re 1o2 W est H u iso ch e._________ 
G A R A G E S A L E : Sat. 9-4 O N L Y 

Soto and 2 c h a irs, oft white, 9m os. c o st *16oo sell fo r $75o. C o r n e r g ro u p with fable 5154. 656-1738. 

745o S P R IN G M E A D O W . 

Sofa, 3 pc se ction al, w hite t ra d i­ tional. 344-95o7 

G a r a g e S a le - M o v in g : H u t c h 
$1oo; C h in a 515-52o. M a n y sm a ll items. Fri, Sal, Sun. 824-54o1. 61o 
M e a d o w Lane. Off A u stin H w y. 

Soto, R o ck er, C offee Table, 2 end tables. 5175 or b est otter. 655-253o. 

F o r S a le ; O n e M c In t o s h P o w e r 
A m p .-21oo, 547S. T w o M c In t o s h 
Sp e a k e rs M L -1 C $275 each. T w o 
K L H S p e a k e r $4o each. 655-3261 

F re e z e r, W a r d s 15 cu ft 
C h e st type, 2 Y rs, old. 5175. 333-1841 
Fu rn itu re -A p p lia n c e s-J e w e try 
A ll A p p lic a t io n s a p p r o v e d w ith req u ire d d ow n p aym en t. C all Im - p e n a l F u r n 222-2227 416 B ra d y. 

Fu rn itu re ! B e d s, c h a irs, couches, etc. M o v i n g to s m a l l h o m e . 
696-3745 otter 4p m o r Sat- Su n 

M y V o ig h la n d e r c a m e ra . F ir s t 
515o gets it. 223-7o25. 225-5929 

N e w E p ip h o n c 12 S t r in g G u ita r- 
R o s e w o o d b a c k w ith h a r d s h e ll p lush casa. 52oo 349-6853__________ 
N E W 9o I N C H D E C O R A T O R 
S O F A , lo o se p illo w b a c k . M u lt i colored shell d e sign , ve lve t uphol. 
$75o. 824-8o*7. 

S t e r e o c o n so le , A M F M ro d io , 
8-track record er, G o r r a r d turnta- j hie, 3-w ay SD e o k e rs, $25o. C o lo r 
25' M a g n a v o x T V , 515o. 435-4996 
S t e r e o c o n so le . S p a n is h sty le , 
3 - s p d d ia m o n d s t y l u s r e c o r d 
I c h a n g e r . A M - F M s t e r e o ra d io , 
: 8-trac p loy-back, 
M O R E ! 
5125. 
432-5495. 

N ice hide-a-bed sofa, v e ry stu rd y a nd h e a v y duty. c o v e re d in flo ral pattern. 
$225 o r b os! otter. 
341 539S 

Fu zzb uster. p olice ra d a r detector I 
$75. 923 367 V_________________ 
I 
OFFICE CHAIRS m % d M O « ^ E * * ’3or A d r’inn n k ’ ,oV o 
I E * e c u ,'9e- S e c re ta ry , O c c a sio n - t o ry ^ M O R E 
63o 
»i u p h o lste re d , v in y l a n d ge n u in e 

B icycles, m en s to speed, la d y 's 3 speed 633-o585. 
______________ 

G A R D E N T R A C T O R . 12hp C u b 
C ad e t, 4 ft. m o w e r, c u ltiv a t o r, w h e el w e ig h t s, g o o d c o n d itio n . 
;5995. 492-2273.__________ 
__________ 

 le a th er. A ll B e a u tifu l. O v e r 2oo c h a ir s to c h o o s e fro m . P r ic e d fro m $27.5o a n d up. 1131 B a s s e 
Rd., 733-7347, 734-3o81. 
G a s range. 
653-791o 
H a r v e s t gold, $1oo. 

 sB.'e°reo,^ny C oV ch* g e * * » / i» er-8 !o r 

Blonde. H e yw o o d W a ke fie ld D o u ­ b le D r e s s e r a n d M i r r o r $125, 
B lo n d e M a p l e C h e s t D r e s s e r , 
Niqht Stand 5135, K e n o IO speed 
Bike 54o. T u nd le B e d 535. 492-2472- 

B O O K S : T im e , L ife , R e a d e r 's 
Digest, and N e w sw e e k. 228-o618. 

 s w lc k S l a t e P o o l T a b le , 
>. E x ce lle n t Cond. 5325. 2o12 jlb e rrv . 
B u ffe t, m ir r o r , s o f a -b e d . w a ll c lo ck , T V - ta b le s . m ix e r , b la c k - white TV, M U C H M O R E • 923-3o73 
B U N K B eds, v e ry h e a v y 4” ends, 
SISO. D o u b le bed $75. Sofa, love- se at, r o u n d v e lv e t c h o ir s *5o. each, n ile sta n d s, b e d ro o m set, m ore 656-8134 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
B U N N O - M A T IC C o ffe e M a k e r , 
HO volt, excellent condition. $195. 
657-2749 
4 b u rn e r g o s stove 
927-3782 
2 C a m e r a s , 
P R O T O N , f r o m 
California. 
G oo d condition. 
927 27*6 
C a m p e r sh e ll fo r p ic k u p , go o d condition with p a n e lin g o n d lights, 
515o. S a d d le t a n k s f o r p r e 68 
C h e vy o r G M C p ic k u p $2o ea. 
822-5895. 
__________ 

C arp et gold sc u lp tu re 11x14 56o, p la y p e n w o o d , 51o D in e t te 53o 
C ash 434-6673 

 cu tt. 525o; A d m ir a l 14 cu tt. $15o. 
828-9171 atter 6, a n d w eekends. 

O ld C h in a c a b in e t s 51oo; c o u c h 
575; 18x12 sh a g c arp et 585, c h a irs 
$2o-54o. 734-825*. 

S te re o Syste m , S o n y a m p . P io n ­ e er table, K e n w o o d tope, U ta h 12” sp e a k e rs 56oo 733-9878. 

Ste re o. Zenith, w ith 4 s p e a k e r s a nd tape deck, 5225. 735-2958 
2 S t o n in g P la c e Se ttin g s, new er used. SISO both. 344-oo72. 

Strolle r, C o r Seat, P la y pen, Hi- 
C hair, excellent cond. 732-313o. 
S T U D IO Couch, velvet. R o c k e r, 4 d in in g c h a irs, v e ry go o d sh a p e . 
IOO yds. d rap es, sell rea so n ab le . 
532-8112. 
T a p e p la ye r, p ortab le , w ith A M - 
F M radio. A C o r b attery, $5o. 
735-2958 

G A R A G E S A L E 3 F A M I L I E S : 
K itch e n a p p lia n c e s a n d u te n sils, silv e r, c lo c k s, a d u lt s ' c lo th in g , linens, 
M O R E ! 
F ri-Su n . 
4o7 
M A N D A L A Y . _______________________ 

G A R A G E S A L E : 2o2 L e o n id a s . 
Clothes, furniture, golf c lu bs, b a g ond cart, M IS C . F ri-Sa t O N L Y ! 
G A R A G E S A L E ! So fa , ta b le s, r u g s . 129 E R o s e w o o d ( M o n t e 
V is t a ) 
S a t. 
! o o m - 4 p m 
C a l l 
733-9349 att. 4pm 
G A R A G E S A L E , Sat. Apr.' 3o, 81o9 
F re d ric k sb u rg , Lot 5. A L L K IN D S 
O F IT E M S ! 
__________ 
G A R A G E S A L E : Fu rn , A d ult and 
B a b y C lo t h e s , P ic n ic T a b le s , 
T o ys, a n d S m a ll A p p l. E tc . Sa t 
A p r il 3o- S u n M a y I 8 5 p m 
*33-o942 1o727 S O U T H F O S T E R 
R D . (I m ile fro m in te rse c tio n of 
H w y 181 South ond F o ste r R d .) 
G ig a n tic g a r a g e sate. A p r i l 3o from lOain 5pm. T ra ile r h itch es, j TV, d ru m s, teen clothes, n ew pie- ture s-rep ro du ction s, m isc. C heap. 
I 5647 M iddlefield. 673-79o3. 

A co u stic al ceilings; tape flo ating; free est. re a so n ab le p ric e s, C o ll 
6 p m jto m 3 3 3 ^ 4 6 4 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

A S P H A L T 

S p e a a liz ir ig m A s p h a t t a n d C o n ­ crete D riv e s, 681 o874 A n y tim e ! 

A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 

 l ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ o m u J ^ ^ r v ^ P o t i o s T d riv e w a ys, asphalt, b a c k h o e ser> vice. Lie. 534-166o. 
_____________ 
C e m e n t C o n s tru c t io n 
R e d w o o d d e s ig n p a t io s , s i d e w a l k s , d riv e w a ys, all typ es of flat w o rk. 
H o ve troll will travel, 534-8873 

C O N C R E T E . 
P a f i o s. w a lk s , d rive s, addition of w in te r p ric e s. 
F re e Estim ate s. F r a n k 333-196o 

B ab ysittin g in m y hom e, 3 m o s. to 
Syrs. 533 2365______________________ 
C hild care by R N , h er hom e, N W 
Area, neor U T S A U 5 A A 696-429o 

C hild care from b irth in m y hom e. 
W oodstone a re a *57-o398 

C h ild c a re toll o r P a rt im e , E x p m e a ls, sn o e k , A R T S - C R A F T S . 
P o y N ile 822 5616.__________________ 
N e e d B a b y s it te r to r J c h ild r e n 
! otter school a nd 2 e v e n in gs. N ee d 
• t/onsPPH Rt'on. 826-6953 aft Spin 
N O R T H W E S T 
E x c e lle n t c h ild 
I core. 
M y hom e. 
Licen se d . 
I 432-o774_____________________________ 

I R E G I S T E R E D C H I L D C A R E rn m y home, V ic in ity W est A v e and 
B la n c o Rd 344-7861 T o ke in lo n ts 
; also. 
R e g is t e r e d C b ii d c o r e . in m y 

 j D on't w ait a n y lon ge r 
(W e h a v e 
I the m u sc le lo do a lm o st a n y lob no 
: m atter how sim ple, no m atter how difficult. H a n d y Fe l-O , 6459 O ld 

H A U L IN G & M O V IN G 

H au ling and m o v in g with p ic ku p truck, 673-5669. 

H A U L IN G A N O D U M P IN G 
I H ave 2’ jTon T ru c k s 533 1 142. 
L IG H T H A U L IN G A N O M O V IN G 
I p iece or h ou se full 
D o y o r N ile 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C I A L I T Y 
656 57o5 

Lite M o v in g . 

N O T A R Y P U B L IC 

Title w o rk c a ll att 6pm 657-o476 

PA IN T IN G , P A P E R I N G 
P L A S T E R IN G 

S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E P A I R S - S E R V IC E 

E x p e rt S e w in g M a c h in e R e p a ir 
F re e In -Sh o p E stim a te s 
3523 W est Ave., 344 9671 

 home, 
453 214o. 
2yrs-uo, 
G le n o req 

R e g is t e r e d c h i ld c o r e in m y home, G len oreo, *55-7619. 

D IR T -S A N D - G R A V E L 
F IL L T O P S O IL 

A A A G rade, Topsoil, C alich e, Etc. 
$15.5o U p 337 424o A n ytim e ! 

D a y -N ig h t . T r a s h 
H a u lin g . S c r a p M e t a l h a u le d 
- aw ay free. 923-441). 

MOVING? 
C all 659 1879 
THE BEST MOVING GO. 

M O V IN G 
D E L IV E R Y * S E R V IC E 
IBF). T ru c k 628 1385 
M o v in g H a u lin g , 3 y r s e x p e r hence, reasonab le, tree est L a n c e 
*96 4495. 

M O V I N G ? O R W A N T T H I N G S 
H A U L E D A W A Y ? 
F re e E stim a te s 923-67o9 

C O N C R E T E W O R K , A sp h a lt a nd 
R oofing. F re e E stim a te s 337-621). 
S p e c ia l i z i n g in c o n c r e t e , d r iv e w a y s , p a t io s , s id e w a lk s . 
D a v -n igh f 
F re e 
Est. 
735-13o4 
732-7413. 
S p e c ia l i z i n g in 
C o n c r e t e , 
D r iv e w a y s , p atio s, w a lk s, f o u n ­ dations, etc. 
F R E E 
E stim a te s. 
681 o874. 

THYME! 
L o w p n c e s-H ig h Q ua lity con cre te w ork. C oll M r. Concrete, 223-5*67, 
223-5115. 

A IR C O N D IT IO N IN G 

A IR C O N D IT IO N IN G 
R e p a ire d check and w a sh e d out­ c a ll otter 2pm 923-67o7 

A. B a r r o n A ll t y o e s d ir f - s a n d * grovel. Y e a r R o u n d del- 435-6157 
I A I F E R T I L I Z E D V E G E T A B L E 
I F A R M T O P S O I L , D E L I V E R Y 
A V A IL A B L E . 684 1873 
A ll typ es dirt, sa n d , g ra v e l. J im 
Longtord. N o rth side , 347-244o 
B E L G I A N G A R D E N T O P S O I L 
B e st Q uality, a ls o sa n d -to p so il 
I mix. 
Open 
M S. 
433-1489 or 
J JS_92l l ____________________________ 

D irt-T o p so il-So n d -G ra v e l-L o a m . 
R o y H e n drix D e liv e re d 341-744y 

: L o a d in g T o p so il S o u th sid e , H id - den Valley. *28-1 199. *23-5869. 

S a n d . ' G r o v e d T o p s o il , 5 lo 7 
S v o rd s Call 432-51o2.________________ 

T o p s o il, G r a v e l , 
D e li v e r e d - i Spread, H W o nd N E . 4 3 4 H o 4 

455-4ooo 
„ . 
T O P S O IL , S A N D 
IN SU LA T ION______ 
R O A O 
M A T E R I A L . 
H A U L 
( 7 r 7 L T r 7 E ? 7 o o T T r 5 H T ^ a v ? 7 3 w 

H O M E IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 

J o e M e n d e z P a i n t e r , t a p in g - floater, p a p e r h a n g e r, te xtu re . 
F re e E stim a te s 435-2778 
S T O N E M A S O N - B ric k L a y e r A l­ so 
C him n ey w o rk. 
927-5*59, 
924-4184 
_____________ _ wmmmmrnmmmmmmmKmmmammmmmmmmmmmmm 

H O U S E C L E A N I N G 

Im p ro v e hom e, a ffo rd ab le p ric e s 
F re e est. 924-9591 922-9194 

A N Y T H IN G with fo am e d in p lo ie In su la tio n . 
T O P S O IL . S A N D Y L O A M , S A N D , P ig va lu e 923-6261 anytim e. 
W IL L D E L I V E R 923 7426 
--------------------------------------------- 
T o p s o il, S a n d y L o a m , S a n d , 
G ra ve l, 
D riv e w a y 
M a te ria l 
922 8858 
K IT C H E N C A B IN E T S 

T A P P A N R a n g e *1oo. G a s D r y e r 
59o. Both A v o c a d o green. R o c k e r o n d chair, v e ry old, 51oo. 337-7241. 

G olf clu bs. L y n x w o o d s *8o, Til* lest iro n s 51oo, Joh n : 349-62o9 

G olf C lu b s O m e g a W o o d s 1,3,5, 
545. N o 2 Ir o n $1o. 2 P u tte rs. 2 
C h ip p e rs 54 ea. 2 a n d 4 w oods. 515 eo. 732-1958. 
Good, p ortab le S m ith -C o ro n a 21o a u t o m a t ic e le c t r ic t y p e w r it e r . 
52oo. 822-3629._____________________ 

G re at V a rie ty of G ood Fu rn iture , 
229 B re e ze P ort. O u t Sa n P e d ro to 
N Loop Rd. Lo ft to N a k o m a Left on V allian t Sa t 1o-6 pm A n d Sun 
I 6pm or B y A p point. 824-6976. 

G re e n ru g, o rig . 51o5, now 56o, excel, cond. E n d table. 51o. B o o k ­ case, *15. W e igh ts, 58. 458-7927. 
G u ita r, R I C H E N S A C H E R , elec. 
C h e rry red. 5275. 696-73o2_________ 

3 H78-15 G o o d y e a r g la s s betted t ir e s on F o r d w h s. 512.5oea. I couch $5o, 2 c h a ir s *2oea, A m -F m 
S te re o P h o n o g r a p h 525, 1 M a n ­ dolin, 53o. 614-o694____________ 

H ouse full of F u rn itu re ! P lu s V e l­ vet couches. 927-36$?.______________ 
K e n m o r e p o r t a b l e a u t o m a t ic d ish w a sh e r, b u tc h e rb lo c k finish, white, exce llen t condition. 5125- 
675-1)23. 
________________ _ 
Ken w ood T u rn ta b le 565, S a n y o 8 track re c o rd -d e c k 585, O ld s studio m odel trum p et 595, Y a sh ic o 8m m 
M o v ie C a m e ra 5*o. 696-1517. 

O ld 4 p o ste r bed, o ak c lo w feet stable se ats IO, iron b a b y cra d le with b r q s s kn o bs, la rg e oil p aint­ in g , c r y s t a l c h a n d e lie r , o th e r m isc. item s. 826-8438. 

O n e S m a ll C h r o m e a n d W o o d 
Dinette Set $8o. O ne L a r g e D a n ish 
M o d e r n C o n t u r e C h a ir a n d O t­ to m a n 525o, O n e L a r g e D in e tte 
Set, C h ro m e o n d O v a l G la s s W ith 
4 U p h o lste re d Sw ive l C h a irs *477. 
655-3261 

T R U C K E R S 
G E N E R A L S T O R E 
H e a d goods, sm o k e r s a c c e s so rie s o n d c u s t o m le a t h e r g o o d s . 
W h o le s a le -r e t a il. 622 W H ild e - bran d, 732-o471, O p e n 12-9 d aily 
T ru n d le bed, *8o. H e rc u lo n love seat, floral, 56o. 
653-3765 after 
5pm ________________________________ 
T V A n te nn a 522, M e ta l W a rd ro b e 
*4o, Elec. W ater H e a te r *3o, Port. 
W a sh e r *75. 333-7615. 

L a r g e G q r a g e S a le , S o t - S u n , 
Ioam -6pm , 3o7 Altgelt, B a lc o n e s 
H e ights___________________________ 
I M O V I N G ! S o t A p r . 3o S A L E , i M isc, item 136o7 C oleridge. 
M u lti-fam ily, T h u r thru Sun. 5119 
C rusad e , C am e lo t I. N o che cks. 

M ultip le fo m 'ly g a ra g e so le ! W hi- 
I s p e r in g O a k s . C a r p e t s , b o o k - 
| sh e lv e s, le a th e r c h a ir, c lo th in g, c h ild r e n 's toys, M U C H M O R E ! 
A p r il 3o, M a y I. 1 o -3 P M . C a s h 
; only. 3o12 W h isp e r F e rn D r. M a n y 
I item s to choose! 

 u r g a n H a m m o n d , M-1oo. w alnut, tone wheel, excellent, 494-1726 

TV , portab le b lo ck a n d white, 19", w o rk in g good, 535. 433-o63o._______ 

O u tsta n d n a strip p e d a n d flo ra l c o u ch , su b tle c o lo r s w ith lig h t g re y b a c k g ro u n d . C o st 58oo, sell 
52oo, m aple tiered end table 515. 
E x tr a la rge d og h ou se 515 rid in g m o w e r *5o. *91-197o. 

T w in B e d Se t, c o m p le t e w it h sp re a d s, b o lste r p illo w s, m a tc h - ing table. 5125. 341-2375. 

N e igh b o rh o o d G a ra g e Sale . A p ril 
28-3o to 5pm 13511 N o r la n d D r. 
O ak Hollow Estates.__________ 
Patio! Sole: T h u rs . th ru Sat. 
246 
M oonstone, N o rth e a st a re a 

O x y g e n Bottle, 
492-2414. m e d iu m size. 525. 

T W IN size m a ttre sse s, w hile 2oo lo st!! SS each. D e a le rs w elcom e. sm a ll I 633-26oo, 633-o34o, 9159 $. P re s a 
T w o 8ft. g a r a g e d o o r s , c o l i 
695-8342 oft Sam 

P ain t S p ra y e r, u se d Infre q ue ntly. 
1 jH, SO lb o re ssu re , SISO 492 172o 

I T yp e w rite r, IS ” Selectric. S e rv ic e 
I c o n tra c t, O r o t o r e le m e n t, *37 5 cash. N o che cks. 344-8o33 

Piano, C ab le N e lso n console, wal n ut fin ish , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
575o 344-31*o 

P ic n i c T a b l e s , 
N e w 6 'x 3 o " , b e n c h e s a tta c h e d , n e v e r u se d , 
53o.95 delivered. 337-3949. 

Used Furniture Sales 
* D e sk s» C h a ir s» T a b le s » B e d s 
• A p p lia n c e s» C o u c h e s» L a m p s 
1428 A u stin H w y. 828-1488 
T H E S.A. F L E A M A R K E T 

P I N B A L L , 
B A S E B A L L . 
J U K E B O X 
F O R S A L E 453 4363________ 
P istols, re lo a d in g equipm ent, and 
A fte r stereo equipm ent. 
455-71'’A 

5pm 

U S E D R E F R I G E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V I C E CO. 
7o7 W E S T A V E . 734 4237 

V e n tu re c a m p in g trailer, sle e p s *, 
■ toys, 2o' bike, b a b y bed, 461-3695. 

51o6 P rin c e V a lia n t, C a m e lo t t, 
Sat-Sun only. M o n y item s. 
1 527o R o u n d T o b le ( C a m e lo t ) ^ fam ily sole A p ril 28-3o 

R U M M A G E B A K E S A L E 
St 
: M a r y 's M oll C a m p u s, 94o1 Sto r- i crest. Sot M a y 7, 9am to noon 
R U M M A G E S A L E 
L o s A n g e le s i H e ig h t s M e t h o d is t C h u r c h , 8o2 
I C atalina M a y 5 a n d 4, 8om to 5pm. 

R U M M A G E S A L E : T h u rs M a y 5, 
8 3oam to 4:oopm . 2143 S W W. 
White, c arp ort e n tran ce 333-24D7 
S A L E ! A ll M is c . ite m s, F r i-S o t - 
Sun, 6*oo F a ird a le Apt. No. 193. 

53o7 siive rtip , T h u rs., F ri", Sat! 
A ntique chest, h ea db o ard , etc. 
S u n d a y M o y I. 'C o lo n ie s filor^h 
A p ts, P o w h a t t a n - t H IO. B e a u t y supplies, clothes. h ou se h old items. 

C A R P E N T R Y 

A C a r p e n t e r : In N e e d of J o b s 
I Iro m ro ofin g to F o u n d a tio n s. N o 
I J o b T o o S m a ll! F r e e E s t . A ll 
W ork G u a ran te e d 927-5o24 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E R E P A I R 
S E R V IC E . 684-4972 

Att ty p e s c a r p e n tr y w o rk 
A ls o 
J r o o f in g , p a in t in g , s a t is f a c t io n guaranteed. N o Job Too Sm a ll. 
656-5573.________________________ 

A ll f y p e s of R e m o d e lin g , G ua ir- anteed 
W ork. 
Lie 
349 1663 
: Rod ney. 

B A T H R O O M r e p a ir , p a n e lin g , ge n e ra l carp en try. 924 3o51 

C A R P E T S A L E S & 
S E R V IC E 

Z ^ ^ il lS t e o i T ^ t e a n or s h a m p o o 
L IV din, ro o m 522.5o, 9x12 lo o se r u g s 51o.5o. 227 198* 225 83o3 

H O U S E C A R P E T C L E A N I N G 
L iv in g -D in in g or 2 B e d ro o m s o nly 
S21.95. C le an e d bv ste a m e x tra c lion method. 342-o585 A n y tim e ! 
U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
924 1o58 or 226-8246 

C E R A M IC S & 
C E R A M IC T IL E 

T IL E Y O U R W A L L i o v e r W tub w ith c e r a m ic tile. S', la b o r a n d m a te ria l 5 , !9 .S' A ls o p lu m b in g - b ric k w ork. 734-5412, 924-7511 

F IR E & B B O W OO D 

F R E E F IR E W O O D 
B rin g yo u r sow . 225-3149 

L a r g e oak trees to be m o v e d or cut, 5)o each 484 38oo______________ 
Sa v e stack now fo r w in te r beat the h igh cost fro m t to too cord, call 822-9272 ofter 6pm 

F O U N D A T IO N S 

•ABC HOUSE LEVELING• 
2oYrs, L e v e lin g E x p 
G ua ran te e d 
W o rk 
534 7329 

A Foundation PROBLEM? 
A ll typ e s of fo u n d a tio n r e p a ir s 
W e sp e cialize in le v e lin g , tu d o r post, peer-beam a n d sla b founda- iion. Coll the e xperts. 824-2171. 

Doors dragging? 
Walls Cracking? 
A ll typ e s fo u n d a tio n r e p a ir s . 3o yrs. e xp e rie nce . A ll w o rk g u a r - autoed Call A n y tim e 534-4)to 

•Foundation Specialist* 
All T yp e s ot F o u n d o tio n re p a irs, 
L o w p ric e s. H ig h Q u a lity w o rk . 
C all A nytim e 
A B C C O N S T 
333 4814 

SLAB LEVELING 
2oYrs. E xp . City w id e S e rv ic e 
474-oo11 

H o w T f T o u t a N e v ^ ^ t c h T r ^ ^ r 
Refinish yo u r p resen t one! F re e 
I E stim a te s 534 8846 A n y t im e ' 

L A N D S C A P IN G 

W E H A V E P L E N T Y O F t l ^ E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E . 
I 875-9o28 o r 1-392 5361. 

A C O M P L n ^ J o M ^ P A i N T n i G 
R E P A IR S E R V IC E *84 4972 

A G a r c ia P a in t in g C o n t r a c t o r 
F re e E st. tnt-Ext. 734-784*________ 
G E R H A R D T S 533 7 149 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
P o in t in g P a p e r in g . S h e e t r o c k , 
I W in d o w G la ss , R e p a ir s , B u d g e t 
T e rm s. 1612 S, H a c k b e r r y 

P A IN T IN G 

 i A l s B e a u t if y in g ; p o in tin g w ith 
I exp -pride. F r e e E s t 826-4576. 
A -* P A IN T IN G 
IN T E R I O R E X T E R I O R 
L o c k e In d u strie s 653-4561 
A rth u r P a in t in g C o n tra c to r tnt- 
E xt. A c o u st ic c e ilin g s , 435-1348, 
F re e E stim a te s.____________________ 
B e v e r B e v e r P a in tin g. E lf . o nly 
Fre e E s t 732-3533 659 1497_________ 

D a v e 's H o u se P o in tin g F r e e es 
1 fim otes. R e a so n a b le 6/5-2554 
P a n e lin g . S h e e t r o c k ! T a p i n g 
F lo a tin g A c c o u s tic p o in tin g 
A l re a so n a b le p ric e s 456 4475. 
P E R E Z ft S O N S P A I N T I N G interior 
-E x te rio r. 
F r e e 
E st 

I 
P r o fe ss io n a l P o in te r o n d o c o u s tic, in sid e a n d out. R e a s o n a b le , la st. S m a ll c a r p e n t r y r e p a ir s . 
B e lp re V, otter 5, 735-3252_________ 

S a in t s P a in t in g int E x t. P u m t m g G en. R e p a irs 654-o47/ M o rn 

P L U M B I N G 

ABC 
24 H O U R P L U M B I N G S E R V I C E 
S P E C I A L 
R e p a ir all le a ke y fa ucets in y o u r hom e. 5 16 5o C om plete 
1)31 F U L T O N 
735-1979, 
735 o742 

S W I M M IN G 
S E R V IC E 
PO O L 

A M a s t e r P lu m b e r. R e p a ir s a n d r e m o d e l in g 
C o l l 
R i c h a r d . 
732 5*16 or 435-6669 

O O Y O U N E E D A P A I N T E R ’ 
R e lia b le B o n d e d 824 o7*1 
J D 
B A B B I T P L B G . A ll t y p e re p o ir s -r e m o d e tin g Lie B o n d e d , 
F re e E s t 344 7382 492 1245 
P L U M B E R , R e a s o n a b le , In sto l lotion, 
F R E E 
E s t 
A 
G a rc ia 
227 3oo5 

P o o l c le a n in g , d a ily o r w e e k ly se rv ic e F re e est 656-o248 
Sw im m in g pool c h e m ic a ls ' 
L o w p ric e s *56 o248 

T R E E S E R V I C E 

C u t T r im H a u l T re e s, F r e e E st. 
Je ssie 432 7758 432 8o76___________ 

T r e e s c u t a n d t r im m e d 
F r e e 
E stim a te s 534 3278 o r 333 6*57 

T R E E S . 
H E D G E S 
C u t-T rim -H o u t 
D A V IS 712-1613 F O L K S 696 oo96 

T re e s T rim m e d , Topped, R e m o v e 
S lu m p s. H a u lin g 224-1232 

T R E E W o rk d one, p r o f e s s io n a l s e r v ic e . 
P o w e r e q u ip m e n t . 
S tu m p s re m o v e d . In s u re d . F r e e 
E st 457 3166 

T U T O R IN G 
& IN S T R U C T IO N S 

E le m e n t a r y T e a c h e r s , l e o r n 
B a s ic M e t r ic S y s t e m , O n e D a y 
W o rk sh o p , Abet R e y n o , 341 7841 atter 5pm c la sse s sfo rt Ju n e 6 

TV R E P A I R S - R E N T A L S 

F R E E E S T I M A T E S 7 D a y s H on e st L o w P r ic e s W o r k G u a r a n t e e d J / 2 4 j ) 7 9 A ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

Y A R D W O R K 

A l M o w in g . E d g in g . T r im m in g . 
F lo w e r B e d s, F e rtiliz in g , L a n d s ­ c a p in g 
At re a so n a b le p rices. 
456 4475_____________________________ 
C o m m e r c ia l, R e s id e n t ia l L o t s cle an in g, h au ling, tree s trim m e d. 
92J-IJI5.__________________________ 
C o m p le t e v a r d w o r k , r e m o v e tree s F re e E stim u le s 734-3735 
L a w n s, C ut T rim m e d v a c u u m e d 
C oll anytim e, 533-9635 

N e e d y a r d s to m ow , re a so n a b le rotes. 534 9814______________________ 
Trees- L a w n s. H e d ges, T rim m e d a n d H a u le d R e a so n a b le 532-o742 

W e OO A ll T y p e s of Y o r d w o r l 
T re e T r im m in g o r L ite -M o u lm g 
633 o424 635 8696 
_______________________! W E D O A L L T Y P E S O F Y a r d 
P lu m b in g R e p a i r s r e m o d e lin g , w o rk a n d L ite H a u lin g 
C a ll tor 

LA W N C A R E 

T H E I R I S H M A N L E V t L I N G 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R I E N C E 
Note: N e v e r T a k e the first p ric e ! 
333-9o51 o r 
734-7511 

Ben H u m p h r e y 's L a w n Se rv ic e A com plete ya rd c a re co. for oil of 
Son Antonio. 924-o5)o 

P h il's L a w n S e rv ic e . L a w s cuF, edged, h e d g e s trim m e d , sh a p e d 
G en Y o r d w o rk 532 9519 

LOT C L E A R I N G 
& C L E A N I N G 

B u l id o ii n ^ O e o r n T ^ T o o T T t o v r mg. A n y Size Job 333-3/88________ 
Sm ut) tra c to r, c u s to m m o w in g , lots, a c re a g e 824 3813, 826 7*52 

M I L D E W R E M O V I N G 

•HDUSEWASHING< 

M U S IC - E N T E R T A J N M E N T 

M U s T c l^ T n ^ D lu !o s!o n ™ ",,— 
Ben Sanchez, 922o454. *25 4533 

M U S IC L E S S O N S 

 p i a n o L E S S O N S O a k H ills Ter race A reo. C oll *81 3*9 * tor info 

 a d d itio n s F re e E s t 434 ««89______ 
W e 
A n s w e r y o u r c o l l f a s t ' 
S e w e r s , le a k y f a u c e t s , w a te r h e a te rs a n y typ e re p a ir o r new installation. T e x a s P lu m b in g C o ­ m e 41o ft B r o a d w a y 
C a ll a n y time. 826 9582 

R E M O D E L I N G 

A d d it io n s . P a n e iin q . F o r m i c a c a b in e t w o rk F re e E st 736 oooo 
P a i n t i n g a n d r e m o d e l in g . 
S p e c ia lizin g in ro o m a dd ition s 2o y e a r s e x p e r ie n c e . 
F r e e e s fim a tes 532-3oo2 

R e a s o n a b l e p r ic e s 
C a ll A n y tim e A n y w h e re ' *22 -8 *6 1 
___ 
W E E D 
C U T T IN G , 
Lo ts 
A c re a g e 
T A A n d re w s 65* o527 

W ill do Y a r d w o r k 
P ric e s *48 3o28 
R e a s o n a b le 

Y a rd w o r k , la rg e or s m a ll lo b s. rea so n ab le p rices. 92? 86*1 

Wrecker Service 

B u y O ld C a r s a n d W R E C K E R 
S E R V IC E , coll R ic h a r d 337-657o 
W E 
B U Y 
J U N K W R E C K E D 
C A R S 
923 4411 

R O O F IN G 

C la r k s R o o t in g 
F re e E st 824-1532 
R e m o d e lin g 

R o o fin g o n d P o in tin g 
A ll w o rk g u a ra n te e d F re e B id s. 133 7o16 
R O O F I N G G r a v e l S h in g le R e p la te o r re p a ir 
Stop le a ks 
333 1oo5. 
__ 
IS y r s e x p on c o m p o s it io n or g ra v e l root, R a m ire z, 142 781o Lie 

S E W IN G A L T E R A T IO N S 
-T A IL O R IN G 

D R E S S M A K I N G 
M r s . T h o m p son, 333-53*5 or 33Vo528 

Want Ads 

 iYou’ll be amazed atj the things you can sell with a Want Adit 
: -IJ J !H !lf ’T 
^ 

Call 225-1666 ^ 

EXPRESS- NEWS M W fc la O iH llA M 
If* MERCHANDISE M ARYADSONLY • 

2 LINES S ^ S 

6 DAYS 
W 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RAH CHANGE 
(CLASS #928 ONLY) 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
BUICK 
R E 

% 
I 

P a g e 
8 - F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday April 3o 1977 

746 - TRUCKS t COMMERCIAL 746 ■ TRUCKS I CUMMtRCIAL 
746 - TRUCKS I CBMMERCIAt 746 - TRUCKS I CUMMERCIM mam aaaaaa m~~ 
SPRING TIME 
BONANZA SALE 

I 
F R E E ! ! 

V 
W IN N EBAGO CUSTOM 
FIBERGLASS CAMPER COVER 

S u p e r r o u g h , s u p e r g o o d l o o k i n g — r o c k s y - o n ' t n i c k it b r a n c h e s 

 w o n t s c r a t c h it; i t n e v e r n e e d s w a n i n g o r p a i n t i n g 
It m o k e s a 

 p i c k u p m u c h m o r e t h a n a t r u c k . 

F R E E ! ! 

FARGO COLOR KEYED FIBERGLASS CAMPER 
(Y O U R CHOICE! 
Bonanza ’77 SPECIAL 

FARGO 
W INNEBAGO 
SHORT WHEEL BASE FLEETSIDE 

★ 2o In Stock af this Price 
•Cr 
★ Deluxe 2 Tone 
★ 
★ Folding seat back 
★ Chrome front Bumper 
★ 
★ Carpet 
* Body Side Mouldings 
★ 
(upper and lower) 
★ 
* Scottsdale Equipment it 
★ Knit Vinyl Bench it 

Tinted Glass 
* 
All weather 
★ air conditioning 
* 
Combination Dome 
★ 
Cargo lamp 
★ 
Front Stabilizer Bar 
★ 
Heavy Duty Rear Springs 
★ 
Vacuum Power Brakes 
★ 
35o 4 BBL Engine 

Turbo Hydra Transmission 
Tilt Steering Wheel 
Power Steering 
Metal Wheel Covers 
Electric Clock 
Windshield Antenna 
Chromed Grill 
G78-15/B This. Hwy. 
Belted Whitewalls ll SALE PRICE *5764* 
UST PRICE $6536.1 
LESS BONANZA DISCOUNT $7721 
^ 
- 
~ 
« p ric e s o f o th e r t r u c k s in s t o c k , v a r y a c c o r d in g t o o p tio n a l eq u ip m ent. 

LONG WHEEL BASE PICKUPS IN STOCK 
ANCIRA 
W INTON 

 aNt m ° rRt ,n 
A S ® 
* 225-5333 

WI 

TAj^nm RCYCifSSCOOTERS 
^ - | [ [ f j | | ^ | | - S p T E R S 
.743 - MoToRCYCLES8Goo[EH$ 
?48 - MOTORCYCIES-SCOPM. 

Join us at our 
Gala Celebration! 
W OO f e u . H A I L T H E K I N O - 

• Precision 4-stroke. 4- cylinder DOHC, 1o15cc engine 
• Front and rear disc brakes 
• Easy push button starting 
• 4-into-2 exhaust system 
KAWASAKI of San Antonio 

DOHC/4. 652cc engine i 4-into-2 exhaust system 
Front disc brake 

6 4 o o N . W . E x p r e s s w a y (IH I O ) 
( W o n d e rla n d E xit) 
Grand Opening Fri. & Sat. Ap. 29 & 3o 
Come by and see Ricky & dud of KBUC 

BRING THE FAMILY 
TO OUR WIDE OPEN 
HOUSE TODA YI 

• DOOR PRIZES 
* REFRESHMENTS 

■ MOTOR HUMES SAtES RENT '882 - MUTCH HUMES SALES RENT 8U2 - MOTOR H J im 
S ™ SSU6 SPORTING GOODS 

M b"* 
4TH ANNUAL 
J SHOW & SALE 
• HOT DOGS & COKES ONLY 54 EACH • 
SPECIAL TRADE-IN ALLOWANCES 
SPECIAL PRICES ON ALL COACHMEN 
TRAVEL TRAILERS, TRUCK CAMPERS 
MOTOR HOMES & STH WHEELS 

M IN I M O T O R H O M E 
S A L E ! 

 r t i i b 
“I i i r 

‘ "JI I* rl^T 
*’ 

 ill Hi * 
3 Days Only 

Tri. 'til 8 Sat. 'til 6 
Sun. I to 6 

AU ALUMINUM' 
STUTZ s225i 

4 BRO U G H AM S"5*8^ 
4 COUNTRY SQUIRES 

SELECT FROM 8 FLOOR PLANS IN LENGTHS FROM 2o TO 23 FEET 
AND BROWN, GREEN, GOLD, OR RUST COLOR COORDINATED 
MOTOR HOMES. 

7 3 4 - 5 1 3 1 
ONE BLOCK WEST Of 
-FRfDfRICKSBURG ROAD. 

PICK 
COVER 

$ ] 9 9 o o 
HEIMER UNLINED PICKUP COVER. 

1 5 % OFF ALL CAMPER ACCESSORIES rn 
’ 
IN OUR RV GENERAL STORE!! 

.. you have a gun collection you want to consign either at our Gun 
Auction in Ju ly or to sell outright, coll Torn Keitm an, 512-251-4236 or 
512-459 o797______________________ 
O ld 
T o w n 
S u rfe r 
K A Y A K , excellent condition. 532-5615 ofter 
5pm. 
_______________ 
O ver TOOD Guns to Choose From 
B U Y -S E L L -T R A D E 
A m erican Loan, 227-8572 
S and W Model 29 8" b rl.new and in box Dopers, call 696-17oo. By 
Appointment. 
.5 .W . M odel 39, extras, S175. 8oo 
' rounds assorted 9mm am m o, STS 
F irm Prices. 699 )939.____________ 
We Pay Cosh for rifles, shotguns and pistols 736-1796______________ 

8o8 HUNTING ft FISHING 

2o a c re s hu n tin g co u n try. $495 down paym ent, $77.2? per mo. On fence line of larege ranch. N ever hunted. O w ner financed. C o ll to see 734-7964 
_________ 
14o a cres hunting country. $129.5o per acre. 5°= down paym ent. T t io*. s im p le in te r e s t w ith 2o y e a r term s. Owner financed. C a ll for appointm ent 734-9598 .___________ 

81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

A D D -A -R O O M , C u sto m B u ilt. 
Sue, D elivery- Term s, 923-4346. 
A d d -A - R o o m fre e e s tim a te s , term s, free delivery 924 5oo3 

• R.V. SPECIALS • 
USED LUXURY MOTOR HOMES 

76 
732,5oo microwave oven, colot TV and more, a steol o f................................................. 

 s l'/ j mi. W. of 1-35 
Just W. of 
Somerset Rd. 
H E l M E R C a m p e r S o l e s 1 

3329 S.W. Military 9 2 4 -8 3 3 6 ^ 7 

7 6 — 29 Ft. WINNEBAGO air, automatic, auto­ motive air, color 
TV, 
6,5oo 
ONAN, microwave oven, top storage, plus more, a bargain ot........................ 

754 - TIRES-parts accessories 

12oo H ydrau lic Hft com plete, $25o. eve. 653-8558. 
M uncie 4-r.peed, 4oo Pontiac. P e r­ form ance parts for Chevy, P on ­ tia c . 355 P o s i- re a r. '66 G T O 
LeM ans parts. 675-1637. 
One '68 Cutlass 442 front fender, perfect cond. 
Other parts. 
826-7596 
•74 Opel, rebuilt with custom front end, book $2,35o. Best over $86o. 
M a y be seen in A u to S h o p p e r 
Mag. 735-1187 
‘ 73 P L Y M O U T H S o te lite , r o a ­ drunner parts, 434-5149 eves 
Porsche engine parts, floor jack and a ir com pressor. Nothing over 
$1oo 494-1ooo 
Sm all Block, Chevy - 4 B B L intack with 75o cfm Q-Jet carburator HD 
E m is s io n type . N o E G R , 1976 
Model $75. Cash only. 674-oo41. 
Steel ra d ia l tires, GR78-15, new cond. $1oo cash. I belted H78-15, new $25 655-oo74 
‘67 T-BIRD . W recking, parts for sole. Coll: 433-o116._____________ 
•72 T R IU M P H T R -6 body, motor, parts. 657-2ooo; 734-o287 eves, and 
Sundays. 
__________________ 
‘72 V E G A P A R T S F O R S A L E . 
C A L L 432-7189 
_______ 
‘69 
VW 
698-2736. body parts for sale. 

VW parts, 4ohp. (2) H78xl5 Mud- gnp tires, wheels, other tires, 
922-6681. 
W anted: C obra or other hi-per- form unce Ford parts. 494-1922 
W anted: P o rth o le h a rd to p fo r 
‘S6-‘57 T-Bird. 434-4o6o 
W A N T E D : 7 x 14.5 or 8 X 14.5 
H ousetrailer tires. 532-4151. 

758-AIRCRAFT services, 

■67 A E R O C O M M A N D E R , single engine, call John Heck, 659-1968 
A LA M O F L Y E R S , INC. 
“ Y O U R P IP E R D E A L E R ” 
8411 MISSION RD 
922-1228 
‘61 C E S S N A 21oA, good fast a ir ­ plane. N ice ly eauippcd. $14,5oo, 
Individual, 512-334-3483 
•63 C H E R O K E E 18o 
Fran k Adam s, 659-1968 

DELUXE 
‘CAMEL’ 
POP-UP 
CAMPER 

 tro M is and aluminum, new spare tire, sleeps 
6, butane steve, ice box, sink, large front living room tent, real clean, like new. 

 s I OOOoo 

CALL 

826-o759 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 
* Over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SALES FOR: 

HOLIDAY RAMBLER, PROWLER, PLAY 
MOR, 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY, 
DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
MINI-HOMES 
96GoIH35N. 653-6711 

Across from Howard Johnson's 
9 'til dark, Mon.-Fri. 

9-6 Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

*24,5oo 

’ 7 o 
O D C * 
U T T / I I U C D c^8, fibergfas exterior, only 

I S —- l o r f , U l c / L I N b K 9,ooo miles, one owner, like new, 6,5oo ONAN, dual roof, air, must 
# . q O O O see .............................................................. I O f V t J o 
NEW R.V.’s SAVE OVER 
$ 3 ,o o o ON THE VEHICLES BELOW 

T IN C H SAYS AU NEW 7 6 's MUST CO NOW, SAVE TODAY! 

3— 7 6 — 23 Ft. EXPLORER I X " ™ * , ! . '* conditioning, fully self-contained plus more, c . . . storting ot.................................................... 
I 
J , / J U 

 r o c f i t A r y a 
^ ^c,or N°mes' fo°* 
■LZ JC. I i A j L A air., automotive air, 4,ooo 
2 - 7 6 - watt power plants, AM-FM, fully self-cont­ ained with lots of features........... 
*15,288 

1 -7 6 - 
. . , r . . r Casa Grande, sleeps 4, re- 
- I CS i t . U M I frigerotor, stove, water tank, 
LPG tank, furnoce, 4-wheel drive, automatic, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, tilt wheel, cruise control, AM- 
FM stereo, heavy duty suspension plus more, . . . a real bargain at $13,111 NOW..................... 
I 
I , V T J 

A LARGE SELECTION OF 1977’s NOW IN STOCK 

 up to 1o Y EA R S F I N A N C I N G A V A ILA B L E — for d etails see d e aler... 

TINDALL AND SON MOTOR HOMES 
4 6 o o S A N P E D R O A V E . 

S A N A N T O N I O , T E X A S 
7 3 6 -1 561 EV N . & SA T . 
7 3 6 -1 5 68 

M O O N E Y ’61. A ll m etal H alf In­ te re st, b ased K a rd v a . H e n se : 
652-4861; 658-7836. 

SMALLER ADV: 
BIGGER BOAT 
BARGAINS: “ 

A: We both SAVE ST 77 deals. 76 
STEALS. Only PROVEN brands: ★ 
EVINRUDE * COBIA ★ GLASS- 
MASTER 
* 
RICHLINE 
* 
OLD 
TOWN * etc 
B: OUR boots paid in full of MAX- tuctory discount, NOT mfnr-floor- planned for YOU to absorb. S 
*Elll- 
NG-price-togs; 
NONcomm fined salesmen, soves time/hassling WE offer finance/insurance w'OUT dealer 'cut'. 
C: See plain, plush, ins, outboards, 7ft to 22ft, opens or CABINS, streamlin­ ed or standup w/upper controls, golley, SHOWER etc. Next load: 
COBIA 
24ft 
235hp 
351 VB etc. layaway now cinches S, 
o: RICHLINE clum. S159 up. 
E: Meet or beat EVINRUDE deals. 
PROVEN service is BONUS. 
Used? We need more trade-ins. 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway ot 4th PARK PREE 
5o marine years in S A. 227-2112 
9-6 p.m. Thurs. Nile 9 p.m. Closed Sot. 

* BERTRAM YACHTS 
* j*. 
^ 
J for immediate Delivery * if 
NEW BERTRAMS, 
J 
J 
42’, 28’, A 31’ 
J 
* 
USED BERTRAMS 
J 
* 
* l f 31' 197o Flybridge Cruiser, twin 
♦ 325 
HP 
Mercruiser, 
Inboard 
4* Engines, Bimini Top, sun owning, J 
^ YHF radio, gin pole, outriggers 8 J 
J much more. A steal at $27,9oo. 
” 

? f 35' Flybridge Convertible, twin J 
^ 225 HP Diesels, air, generator, 3 
’ outriggers, fighting chair, Bimini ^ 
T Top, with wind screen. Depth ^ recorder, loran CB 8 VHF radio. A jt 

A m erican M obile A M odular 
H O M E S IN SAN AN TO N IO , Inc 
922-7191________________ 922-o441 
Beautiful 12x65 I bedroom custom b u ilt m o b il h o m e , c a rp e te d throughout, central a ir and heat, sp a ciou s liv in g room , se p a ra te d in in g ro o m , c o m p le te ly f u r ­ nished, m any extras. 494-7315. 
B eryl s M obile Home Center 
N EW and USED-651-6961 
16513 IH-35 N O R TH (Selm a E xit) 

 real bargain $68,59o, 

J 
GUIf COAST MARINE 
“Texas largest Bertram 
)6- 
Dealer'' 

» Call: B ilr HOLMES 
I 
5 1 2 8 8 8 -8 2 o 6 

•75 Double Wide 3-1, turn, central heat-air, like new, in ca rk , m ov­ ing, for quick sale. 
Anytim e 
656-1o97_________________________ 
Double Wide, anw ning, skirtin g , low equity. 661-7563.______________ 

INSTANT CASH 
F o r used m obile homes 
824-324o_________________ 924-4424 

J & R MOBILE HOMES 
New-Used, 114oo IH 35N. 655-o471 
L E O N 
S P R IN G S 
A D U L T 
SECTIO N 
2 bedroom s, I bath, la rge lands­ caped lot, lovely view. 
Only 
$18,SCO. 

Family Realty 
__________732-8111 
Lik e New B eautiful 12x65 M ob il 
Hom e M ake Offer. 667-124o. 
•71 M O B IL E H O M E , 12x56. 2 be­ dro o m , c a rp e t. W a sh e r, d ry e r 
$49oo. air. 
648-2351 eves, weekends 
M O B IL E H O M E O W N ER S 
Need a little extra cash? 
W E buy M obile Home T ires and 
Wheels. $1o. Each. B rin g in or we pick sip 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 S.W.M IL IT A R Y DR 

922-o54o 
N EW 1977, 14x6o 
$925o. W ill finance 655-o471 
35' tra ile r 2-1. G ood co n d itio n 
M ust sell. Can see: 6537 Randolph 
Blvd, W hispering W inds T ra ile r 
P ark 

 m o BUYS! 

1975 S K Y H A W K . 85o TT, dual 36o 
N A V C O M , ILS, A D F, T X P . Like new . A s k in g $17,95o. See at 
Hanger 9, Stinson. 
__________ 

881 - CAMPERS TRAILERS 

ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

[493o RIGSBY 648-oo6o, 

L a te m o d e l, lit t le used, v e ry ! cle a n , p a rtia lly self co n tain e d : 
Cabover cam per. $1,15o 653-4646 
•7o M idget T ravel T ra ile r. 26 ft., re a l n ice and c le a n ! T o n d em wheels. 
$22oo or best offer. 
532-8112. 
___________________ 
22' N orris Travel trailer, fully sell cont., $265o. 227-2771 
‘74 Open Road Cam per Van. Air, good cond., new tires. 494-3213. 
•72 O P E N R O AD IV 
Self contained, a ir $2895. 
Traveltow n Texas 653-6711 
1973 Penguin Travel T railer. 23', excellent cond. $295o. 684-o694. 

PICKUP 
CUVERS 
$169 
2171 Austin Hwy. 
653-o885 
•75 P R O W L E R 2o’ 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 mi. north of Boerne 
R T 2 BO X 139, S A. Phone 224-2426 I 
O P E N S U N D A Y Noon ‘til 5 p.m. I 

TIN D A LL a n d S O N 
P O N TI A C -G M C , INC. 
Authorized Dealer for... 
• EX ECU TIVE • 
• IT A SC A • 
• E X P LO R ER • 
M O T O R H O M ES 
Flus a full line of used R.V. vehicles 
4 6 o o S A N PEDRO 
736-1541 w 736-1561 an Wtsuioy si 

884 ■ BOATS.MOTORS 

B a ss B oat 15tt., SShp C h ry s le r, t r o llin g m o to r. D e p th fin d e r, liv e w e ll, e le c tric w inch, tip p e r trailer. $175o. 696-5136. 
B ass boat, 1972 Ranger, with 125 
Johnson, 696-9567, 735-6449. 
B a s s m a s t e r ‘ 73-16’ V I P 5ohp m ere. tust.driveon $2895 69o-o77o 
Boat and trailer, good condition, 
$2oo 435-1834 
BO STO N W H A L E R 
17' with 85 H P C h rysler, tra ile r. 
$26oo. 653-7293. 

DON'T GAMBIE, SHOP 
R o n d o ! 
GET THE BEST BUY 
YOU CAN, THEN SHOP 
Rondo! Marine 

.O n 
1 9 7 6 C lo se O u ts, 
'Free trailer, 
Free a c­ c e sso rie s, Free controls 
'o n 
'7 6 
M od el. 
C lo se 
•Outs. ' Plus save hun­ dreds o f d o lla rs now! 
WE BUY AND SEIL 
Used Boats, Motors 
Trailers 

1 2 o 7 W . H ild e b ra n d 
7 3 2 - 8 2 3 3 

 n e 

(1974 Jetboat, 19ft., 455 Olds, $45oo. 
374-5211, C rysta l City.____________ 

R A H M B E R G RV C E N T E R 
E xclu sive dealer for 
V E N T U R E Tent Cam per bv Starcraft 
“ Little Castle On W heels" 
2271 AU STIN HW Y 
655-o251 

BAB BUB 

R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A IL E R S A LE S 
493o R IG S B Y 
648-oo6o 

M O TO R H O M ES 
E xclu sive Franchised D ealer for: 
X P L O R E R .T R A V E L Q U E E N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
342o SO. P A D R E ISLA N D DR 51 
C O R P U S CH R IST I, Tx. 
78415 

TRAVELER S WORLD 
2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 
AVION 
Travel Trailers - Motor Homes 
Trade-in Bargains 
7 2 PROWLER 24' . . . . $35oo 
7 2 TERRY 2 6 '............. $55oo 
'76 AVION M in i......... 
7o HOLIDAY 31'........ $5895 
66 AIRSTREAM 
$495o 

A R IS T O C R A T T ravel T ra ile rs 
The choice of the quality buyer 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 AU ST IN HW Y. 
655-o251 
B LA N C O P R O D U C T S 
N O M A D -R E D D A L E -JA Y C O 
41o at Broadway 824-298’ 

$2695. 

$1995. 

$1695. 

1977 HONDA GI 1ooo, Demo, 239oo mi. #7573 ......................................... 
1975 HONDA GI 1ooo, Windjammer, custom seat......................................... 
1976 HONDA CB 75 OF Windjammer 
S -542A............................................. 

1975 KAWASAKI 9oo Dresser, loaded ... .$1 9 9 5 . 

1974 KAWASAKI 9oo ZI ..........................$ 1 6 9 5 . 
1974 HONDA CB75oK, new engine No. 
7451A.................................. - 
$ 1 3 9 5 . 

1972 HONDA CB75oK, fairing, #547A .. .$ 1 1 9 5 . 

1972 HONDA CB75oK Clean 379A..........$1 1 9 5 . 

H O N D A , 
GOING STRONG I 
NORTHWEST HONDA 
2 9 o 7 FR ED ER IC KSB U R G R D . 
7 3 6 - 4 6 o 7 r? 

‘76 M otto-Guzzi 1ooo. Auto., new cond., 8,ooo m i. F u lly equipped. 
$27oo. 654-69oo oft. 7 p m.________ 
•69 N O R TO N 75o Custom C hop­ per. $775. 341-5472 after 5. 
73 N orton 85o 
W m d iu m m e r, many extras. $15oo. 684-2o12 after 
6. 
Q u iltin g the S p o rt! S e llin g ‘ AS 
H arley (74) w ith sidecar, other ports. $22oo firm . 226-8851 

$2oo R E W A R D $2oo 
•75 Honda G L 1ooo, stolen m orn­ ing of A p ril 29 from S u ndance 
Apts. 
No questions asked. 
696-4239 

75o 
WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

Individual wants to buy '68 thru 
•72 Datsun or M ercedes, D iesel, 
651-6228 or 655-21o1 
S E L LIN G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i-p ric e s p a id fo r cle a n cars* 
Trucks, etc 222-1342 
TOP D O L L A R ! 
JU N K CARS. T R U N K S , SC R A P. 
C A L L : 342-51o1 

SAN ANTON IO C Y C L E S A LE S 
KAW ASAKI Soles, Service, P arts 
313 N AK O M A 
494-5254 
•74 
S u zu k i 
G T 
55o. 
A l ! 
W indiam m er, dressed out, $12oo. 
925-6312. 
•74 Suzuki TS-1oo, g re a t shape, 
$35o or best offer. 342-63o6 

USED CARS-CLEAN 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
223-4283 

Cab-Over Cam per. 8 tt„ 2 yrs. old. 
Good condition. 
M ake offer. 
333-9216. 
8' C avem an O verhead C a m p e r 
$1ooo. 673-68o7 atter 5pm 
1976 C hariot 21ft. travel tra ile r. 
Air, fully self-contained, shower, tub. Sleeps 5 or 6. Excellent con- dition. 341-3o91.__________________ 
•65 Chevy one ton with overhead w alk-th ru Open Road C a m p e r. 
Sleeps 4. R ebuilt eng. E xce lle n t cond. M any extras. 828-3971 atter 
4:3o pm. 

RV STORAGE 
N O R T H S ID E S U P E R V I S E D 
$1o P E R M O N T H 
45o H E I M E R R O A D 
( ’. 4 
M ile 
F ro m 
San 
P e d ro 
D r iv e in ) 
826-4444 

B U R K E 
M O TO R 
C E N T E R 
86oo B R O A D W A Y 
328-9134 

H O M E 

•75 CH IE F T A N W innebago 27’ . 
De signed as M obile A rt G allery. 
Can be used as custom m otor ho m e . 
C o m p le te f a c ilit ie s . 
Sacrifice. $15,ooo. New Braunfels, 
(I) 625-o719 

$75,ooo SALE 

In s u ra n c e Co s a y s , ‘ We m u st lo w er in v e n to ry th is m u ch ’, in o rd e r to m eet n e w ly im p o se d lim its. So you can 

SAVE BI6 SSS NOW! 

HARPER MOTOR CO 

C A M P E R * 
24o1 S.W. Mllitary-924 5514 
W eekdays: 9-7: Sun: 1:3o-6: 

I Custom B u ilt I ow ner '69 Fo rd j Su per V an M o to r Hom e. F u lly 
1 equipped, e xcellen t cond. $495o. t 722 P arkridg e. 
27’ Dodge Travco, dual air, new engine $895o 349-1855 
________ 
'73 Escapade 8. Low miles. Like new. Fu lly eg '.pped. Take trade in, auto or truck. 333-1773 
26 ft., se lf-co n tain e d , sleeps 6, 
Reasonable rates. D aily or week­ ly. C oll 341-2728 
I ‘75 G M C 19’ M in i M otor Home, low m ileage, fully selfcontained, with 
! all extras. Lots of T LC . Fo r sale 
I or trade. 696-2o75. 

9 V j1 S e lf c o n ta in e d C a b -o v e r 
Cam per, a ir conditioned, sleeps 6, 
S975. 656-122o or 824-6778 

G M C M O TO R H O M E 
FO R R E N T 
349-o772; 349-4311; 734-9389 

SH A S T A * P R O W LE R 
We Take Trade-ins 
Com plete Service Dept. 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A LE S 
IH1o 3 M i North of Boerne 
R T 2 BO X 127 S.A. Phone 224-242* 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P.M. 
16' Shasta T ravel T ra ile r, excel­ lent cond E le c . b ra k e system , hitch stabilizer bars. 695 3622 

GMC Motor Home Rental 
D aily and W eekly Rates 
P H O N E :________________ 661-7212 
Lu xu ry M otor Homes Rent. Low 
Rates. 658-7661, 656-7119 
1975 M INI 19,ooo miles. Gen, self contained. 349-7876, 344-967o 
1976 23' M in i M otor Home, excel­ lent condition. 674-3372. 

CLO SE OUT S A L E 1976 
CA M PI NG-TR A V E L 
T R AILERS5396 up 
K C T R A IL E R S , 71o West Ave, 
735-3931 

Wanted: IOO cc M otorcycle, rea­ sonable price. M elvin, 696-5o62. 

C O A C H M A N C a b o v e r C a m p e r 
V t'. Fu lly self contained, air. -71 
Chevy *»t. cam per special. $3495. 
923-1115 

W E B U Y U S E D CARS 
O R S IN G E R B U ICK CO 
4515 SAN P E D R O 
734-4221 

'67 Trium ph Com pletely rebuilt, read y tor ch o p pin g , $6oo. C a l! atter 5, 922-9296 
, _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
S E E r a S S S F To" 

W E W AN T TO BU Y 
GOOD Clean Cars-T rucks 
Call 924-6671 

!; T errific condition, plus 2 helm ets 
I 
732-83o1; 735 8o45._______________ h 197o Yam aha 65o chopper, good 
1 condition, best otter. 349-o67o. iii ‘ 75 Y a m ah a R D 35o, e x c e lle n t cond, with extras. 658-9753 after 6 pm. 

S>J 

'73 Honda SOO E le ctric starter A ll c x lra s . O n ly 3,ooo m ile s. $1o95 
432-2644, 432-266o 
'73 Honda 75o-4. F u ll dress, low mi. I owner. $115o 342-7215 
19/2 Hondo 75o, looks and runs g re a t. M u st se ll-m o v in g ! $995 
C all 226-9738 after 12 Noon. 
•75 H onda SOO, lo o ks and ru n s good, coll 534-4156. 
■72 H O N D A 75o. $1o5o, 826-9283, 
M on-Fri. 
•74 H O N D A M T 25o, low m i. ex cedent 434-5149 eves. 
•73 H onda 45o. M u st see lo ap predate Excellent cond 436-o314 
H O N DA O F SAN AN T O N IO 
57o8 M O BU O 
684-368 2 
75 MONDA 75o Su-yr Sport, CUS tom pipes pius accessories, $lu95. 
Coil 684-7822 after 5 pm. 
______ 
‘75 Honda 75o Supersport, 12,ooo m ile s , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
227-5187 or 654-o854 
1975 H O N D A 4oo-4 Super Sport. 
Like new! $9oo- 492-928o 
I 
111 tx p k ts s anc) HEWS 

MONDA 75o Super Sport, like new, woo mi.. $155o 494-6864 after 5pm 
71 Hondo 35oT overhauled, new tires, new b ra k e s and b a ttery. 
F a ir in g , crash bar, saddlebags, luggage rack, sissy bar, helm enl. 
$595. 674-5889 

 donor paid. Call: 922-8851. 

752 GENERAL AUTO REPAIRS 

SA V E Y O U R O LD CAR 
R eliable Sport C a r Serv-Repair 
Robinson s Sport C ars-R epair 
8343 BR O A D W A Y 
828-1389 

7 5 COACHMEN 8’ 
C am per, re frig e ra to r, com ode, water, gas, etc. Sleeps 6. On G M C 
’'j ton P ic k u p . B oth lik e new . 
22,ooo mi. Auto, air, power. 
$495o 
T O Y O T A of Seguin D ial Toll Free: 224-4183 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A LE S 
114 Kingsbury 
SEG U IN , TX. 
•76 S ta rc r a ft P o p -U d ca m p e r. 
Like new. $1195. Call: 653-74o9. 
•76 S tarcraft Tent Cam per, sleeps 
6, $24oo, 653-6485 after 4 pm. 
••74 S T A R C R A F T V E N T U R E * 
Popup tra ile r, sleeps 8 excell 
$1695 341-71o1 341-4122 
T e rry T rave! T railer. 2o ti., like new in s id e a n d out. T a n d e m w h e e ls. F u lly s e lf-c o n ta in e d . 
$25oo. 734-52o7. 

M o b ile T r a v e le r 1 8 V M o to r 
Home, totally equipeed, better r than new, roof air, TV antenna, IO ply tires, spare tire and carrie r, c a p ta in 's c h a irs, Dodge l ' i ton chassic, 318-V8, m ileage average 
13-15 m pg., $985o com plete. C a ll 
C arl W. W illiam s, 1-863-8541. 

CABIN CRUISER 
19' C ruise Cabins, Recond. lOOhp 
E vin. G alv. T ra ile r ..............$456o 
19’ C ru is e S kip p er, 12ohp OM C 
D rive, G alv. T ra ile r ............ $5888 
2o’ C ru is e C u tty C a b in , 14ohp 
O M C D riv e G alv. T ra ile r .. $6867 
21’ C ruise Fu ll Cabin, 175hp OM C 
D rive D ual G alv. T ra ile r ..$7744 
21' R e g a l D e lu xe C ab in , I75hp 
O M C 
D rive, 
Dual 
G alv. 
T ra ile r ...................................$975o 
O P E N SAT-SUN, Until 6pm 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M c Queenev, 512-557-6622 

K N O D E L M A R I N E 
Lake 
M c 
Queeney, 
S.A. 
Ph. 
658-9164 open Tues-Sat9-6, Sun 1-5 
Larson boat, 8o M ere m otor ‘64, 
$9oo. ‘61 C adillac. 532-8112. 
L ik e n ew ! 8ft B oston W h a le r, j s a ilin g d in g y w ith la n te cn rig, 
I m ast and oars. Only $695. 227-5614 
1 w eekdays, 8om-5pm._________ 
14' Lon estar bool, 4o HP E vin ru d e with top, cleun. 342-o668. 
HO M e rcu ry outboard motor, all access, runs pert. $1o75 227-2771 

35' C h ris Craft, twin 318 inboards. 
M U S T 
S E L L ! 
B E S T O F F E R ! 
494-5843 

72 mod. T e rry B ass Boat, 5ohp 
Johnson, tra ile r, new M otorguide troller, finder, $215o. 
T E X - A L L Boat, 222-9628 

'73 C lip p er; 21ft. Sailboat motor, tra ile r, 3 sails, head, bottom paint, 
$39oo. 696-87o6. 

M O VIN G , M U S T S E L L ! 14’ speed boat with trailer. No motor. Only 
$2oo 341-8o34 

*75 C obia 2o', 135 hp outboard, g a lv a n iz e d t r a ile r , c e n te r c o n s o le , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
227-5187 or 654-o854. 
21’ C O B IA Jet 1973. Wide, deep V, 
455 O lds. P lu sh , p erfect. Tops, a n c h o rs, vests, skis. G re a t fo r g u lf or lake. 6 m os g u a ran te e . 
$54oo. 653-648o 
Cobia open fisherm an. 1974, I9> t ft. w ith fop. 7o gallon gas tank. 
1975, 15o Hp M e rcu ry outboard. 
P o w e r t ilt a n d trim , ta n d e m tra ile r. L ik e new. $5295 or best ofter 736-4321 
1973 Cobia Sprint, 65hp Johnson, 
D illy T ilt T ra ile r, E xcellent $29oo 
494-51o9 
1976 Custom Jet, 455 Olds, $55oo firm . 658-5878. 536-34o6. 
16’D E C X BOAT, 115 H P Johnson, 
D r iv e on M a g n u m t r a ile r , 4o hours, $325o. 1-629-1776 
69 D od g e C o rn e t auto, am -fm good cond, new tires. $75o 658-231o 
Fine Selection used Sailboats 
N EW Sailboat Shop, Austin 
6o4 Highland M all Blvd. 454-7171 
16' Fish-n-Ski, 65hp M ercury Can­ vas Top, Excellent cond. $21oo. 
492-1647. 

M O TO R H O M E R E N T A LS : Fully self contained. Rates by day or week-653-61o8 
‘72 Open Road M ini Motor Home on C h e w V an . $35oo. 656-3824 after 4:3o. 

•75 CO N CO RD 23 
ST A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 mi. north of Boerne 
RT 2 BO X 127 SA Phone 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y noon til 5. 

‘74 Yam aha 65o TX. 46oo mi. Good condition. $1125. 736-o586. 

YAMAHA 
You can own a N EW Yam aha 6o, tully equipped street bike for $495. 
Broubach Equipm ent. 736-1659 

75o WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

754 - TIRES-parts accessories 

B L A C K a D E C K E R h a rd s e o t valve grinder kit, 
No. 
6337. 
679-7395 

Dodge 1976 11,ooo mi, 3)8 engine, oir, auto, sleeps 5, re frig e ra to r, dual battery, stove, 2 m ore years w a rra n ty , m o v in g lo E u ro p e , 
$8,ooo or best offer 494-1o77 

25TH ANNIVERSARY 
S A L E ST A R T S M A Y I 
STH 
W H E E L 
T R A V E L 
T R A IL E R S 
N U -W A Y 
K O U N T R Y-A IR E 
T R A V E L T R A IL E R C E N T E R 
42oo Roosevelt at Stinson Field 
T R A N S F E R , new 25ft. G em tra ile r, fully self contained, with a ir and lots of extras. 494-6264 

O P E N R O A D 22’ N ice . D odge chassis. 828-o383 eves, weekends 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E xclu sive D ealer for: Cham pion, 
T ita n , L ife tim e M o to r H om es, 
M ini M otor Hom es 
2271 A U ST IN H W Y 
655-o251 

o7o-13 T IR ES 
656-316o 

Folding tent trailer, French. Ideal 
I or weekends at beach. Sleeps 4. 
G oin g o v erse a s, M U S T S E L L ! 
$65o. 69o 9485 

19/6 Honda XL-25o Blue, clean! 
$8oo, Call: 1-42o-2444. 
JO E H A R R ISO N H O N DA 
Sales-Service-Parfs 
971o IH-35 NO 
656-94oo 
75 K A W A S A K I 
125 Troilbike. 658-8884 
'75 Laverda, the only L T L touring b ik e in town. 3-2oo m ile s, m in) con d ition . W in d ia m m e r ll, lu g ­ gage rack with back rest. $1595. 
494-366o except Sat. 
M O T O R C Y C L E S P E C IA L T IE S 
Japanese M otorcycle Specialists. 
T u n e -u p s p e c ia l! A ll H o n d a 
4's-$!5; A ll Honda twms-SlO. Good thru M oy 1st. W irin g p ro b le m s solved. 1o9o3 C Wye Or. (I blk. off 
P e rrin Bedel) 657 2ooo. 

Buy Old Cars, T rucks Etc 
LO ST T IT LE S A R R A N G E D 
We Sell Good Used 
Engines & Ports At 
A FR A C T IO N O F COST 
F A R G O S A L V A G E 
627 2711 
633-2o3o after 5 

C E N T R A L T I R E CO. 
I 7o5 N 
F L O R E S 
224 5473 
C e rtifie d body m an w ill re p a ir dam age on your car in exchange jfo r Chevy V-8 engine. 3o7 lo 35o 
735-13o4.________________________ 
69 C h e v e lle SS 396-tor p o rts. 
822-o729,' 655-7945 Ofter 7 pm. 
C H E V Y P IC K U P G R IL L G U A R D 
$4o. 655-844o 

•73 F o rd , F-2So R a n g e r X L Y , 
Cam per special, loaded with loft, self contained R oyal C oach m en cam per. $35oo, 654-6362 

CALL ME FIRST I 
Lost titles no problem 
TO P CASH for Junk Cars 
923-4422 

Complete exhaust system for 396 motor for 68 Chevy. 534-oo18. (No calls on Saturday,) 

Cash for clean cars and trucks. 
L o rry Cannon Auto Sales 
563o Son Pedro 

Corvette wheels 8” , w ill fit most cars, good condition. 696 5476 
Edelbroek T o rke r m anifold, fits 
396 Chevy, $75 341-692o, 826-7139 
4E6o-15 Torque Tw ister, tires with 
F o r F A S T C A SH w ill buy yo u r mags-$18o 923-388/ 
Car, Vans, or Trucks. Running or not. 922-8661 

M otorcycle Insurance 
LO G SD O N Agency 828-o617 

H A V E TOW B A R S . B U Y JU N K 
C A R S . P A Y C A S H OR C H E C K 
F O R 
Y O U R 
O L D W R E C K ! 
C A L L : 923-4411. 
I B U Y JU N K C A R S 
TOW ING S E R V IC E . 432-3288 
15 22S-1666 f XPtrtSS ANO NtW S 

E xh a u st m o n ito id for 76 F o rd 
Pickup, 39o CID engine, After 4.3o 
674-6o58 
I G . R . 
7o 15 
S T E E L 
B E L T 
R A D IA LS 656-8565_______________ 
High Perform an ce M allo ry dual point distributor, fits 2ooocc C opri or Pinto. Brand new still in box. 
$35. 69o-9347 eves. 

CAU 225-1666 

76 F R E E 5 PIPIT 74 
With roof air, full w arranty 
Only I al $4695. 
Trveltow n Texas 653-6711 
21ft. W igwam T rovel Trailer, fully self contained, Tandem axle with awning and equalizer hitch, m any m any extras! 
Like new $295o 
922-2624.________________________ 
H A R P E R M OTOR CO 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S and S E R V IC E for 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
I B U N G A LO W Travel T ra ile rs and 
I 5Th Wheels 
24o1 S.W M ilita ry 924-5514 
Hrs Mon F ri. 9-6, Sun I 3o-6 
H E IM E R C A M P E R S A L E S 
San Antonio's E xclu sive 
C O A C H M E N D E A L E R 924-8336 j Tent T r a ile rs T ra v e l T ra ile rs , i T ru c k C a m p e r s - M in i M o to r j Homes. 5Th wheel T railers 
3329 s.W M ilitary, W ot Som erset 
IH IO NW 
B Y O W NER- Larqe m obile on ' j a c re 
T re e s ! M a n y e x t r a s ! 
$23,9oo. 341-o951, 698-26o4 

'76 T ra v e l T ra ile r 14' lik e new. 
$1595. 221-233o; 828-3874 
1976 T ra v e l T ra ile r. 28’ self-con­ tained. 818 Avondale 
U S E D -N E W T E N T C A M P E R S 
$396. Up K C. T R A IL E R S 
71o W EST A V E . 
735 3931 

R ecrea tion al Vehicles 
FO R R E N T 
Vans 
M ini M otor Hom es 
M otor Homes 
R E S E R V E YO U R S TO D AY 
Contact B ill at 

Resco Leasing 

55o5 San Pedro 
732-2288 

•76 VW V A N M U ST S E L L ! 
C a rp e te d throu ghout, d ry b ar, 
$52oo firm . 349-8528. 
We B U Y A L L T yp es of T ra v e l 
T railers. Call: M E L 924 5514 
•7o W IG W AM 18' 
Self contained, air. $2595. 
Traveltow n Texas 653-6711 
•71 W IL L IA M S C R A F T IS" 
Low -liner.with potty $175o 
Traveltow n Texas 653-6711 
14x8o. P ortly furnished, 3 br, I full baths, built-in wood burning fire- place. 337-81o9. 

8o2-MOTOR KOMES sale rem_ _ _ _ _ _ 

AAA BV SERVICE 
M ISSION T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o6 Austin Hwy. 824 3248 
A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N.W. LOOP 41o 
____________734 5131____________ 

 f OR TAST R15U115 
FL ACI TOUR WANI AO 
IN TMI IXPRISS N IW5 
CALL 725 1666 

R E N T : 
22' M O T O R 
H O M E , steeps 4. $22 day, 12c mi. 655 oo96 
R en t ou r F a m ily M oto r Hom e 
Sleeps 6, a ll extras. Low rates tor good d riv in g reco rds. A d van ce reservations required. 655-o454. 
W A N T E D ! Used Kings Highway 
OR A P O L L O , 26' Call M artha o r F E . 
C o lle c t <1)541-3131 
B row nsville eves 542-4447 
W ant To Buy M otor Home. Any 
M ake 
Any 
Mode!. 
658-7661, 
656-7119 

18Ft. A lu m in u m , D u ra c ra ft T ri- 
H ull, ‘68 with ‘72 Johnson 125Hp low h ou rs and a cce so rics. Apt. 
NO-6 3447 E. Southcrcss. 925-7781 
D aytim e, M r. Hunter, $2,ooo value and w ill negotiate. 
________ 
77 16ft, Fiberglas Kingfisher, 5oo 
M e rc u ry , H ig h lan d er tra ile r 2 ta n k s, a lso a c c e sso rie s. $3495. 
Apt. 1o1, Banyon Tree Apt. 817o 
C rosscreek. 653-1478. 
14' zFt. G lass M agic. Fiber glass boat. 65HP M ercury, T ilt trailer, 
Lik e new! Ideal fishing or skiing. 
$825. 927 3657 
‘75 15ft Phantom 65hp, excellent cond, s k i equip, c o v e rs, $31oo. 
65195o9 
21ft. Santana Sail Boat, T ra ile r, 
M otor, Knot Meer, 5 Sail, 824-5135. 
'76 IS1 zFt. Sunmaster, 5oHp M e r­ cu ry, W alk-thru windshield, Stirs on water, galvanized trailer. Call 
653-9475. 
1967 H ft. Thundebird, 6ohp E v in ­ rude, trailer. 497-36oo. 

OK OBED RIGS 
New ’77 Chrysler, 16' Sport Fu ry, 
Recond. lOOhp 
E vinrude G alv 
T ra ile r ...................................$3683 
'74 N a tio n a l 18' T ri H u ll, 9ohp 
C h rysler, T ra ile r ................. $275o 
'64 16’ R M C 7Shp Jo h n s o n , 
T railer, Good Coast Rig ...$13oo 
14' F ib e r g la s s R u n a b o u t 4ohp 
E vin T ra ile r ............................$735 
'73 N a tio n a l IS’ T ri H u ll, 55hp 
C h rysler, T ra ile r ................. $1895 
O P E N SAT-SUN, Until 6pm 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M c Queeney, 512-557-6622 

Like new 14x72, furnished m obile home on about Vt acre oak stud­ ded la n d . M a n y e x tra s , re a d y now , a p p ro x . $3ooo c a s h a n d assum e. Ready to move into now 
12x6o m obile, 3 bedroom s, central heot-air, good condition, set up on la rg e lot on top of h ill. $1o,9oo. 
T e rm s, Show n bv a p p o in tm e n t only. H B C R E A L E S T A T E , 16oo1 
San Pedro, 494-3419. 
W A N T E D !!! 
U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A S H -FA S T S E R V IC E 
M R M IL E S 924-4231 

T 

W E T A K E T R A D E INS, W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L : M A X 
924-4225 
1972 14X66 B ria r w o o d , 2 b e ­ droom s, (I kingsize), 2 full baths, turn. ce n tra l oir-heat, $7,5oo or assum e loan with equity, term s open. W eekends or atter 4 week­ days, 681-o626 or 333-3145 
24x6o M ob ile Hom e, n ice con d i­ tion, must sell 494-6775 
12x6o M obile Home, on H A c re lot, 
622-3296 eves. 
14x6o N EW , 2 bedroom 
I' zBoth torn. $95oo 
We discount for cash! 
R E O R IV E R M O B IL E H O M E S 
2418 A U S T IN H W Y 
653-9751 

812 - Mottle Home-Spaces 

A d u lt and F a m ily section , clu b house with sw im m ing pool. Paved stre e ts, u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s , la rg e lo ts, no pets, b est m a in - tainted park in town, on S.E. M ili- tray Dr. west of IH37, across from 
Brooks Field, Indian H ills M obile 
Hom e P ark 333-o83o. 

ALMOS! AN ACRE! 
M obile home site. Picku p 4 back paym ents of $32 each and take over balance. H B G INC. 494-3419 or 342-18o8 
E v e ry other month F R E E for one year! Only (4) lots on this Special 
B U C K IN G H A M V IL L A G E 
658-2811 lf you see beautiful Cozy Cove Pk at 5215 C restw ay, no other w ill satisfy, very reasonable 656-1818. 
L A R G E S h a d e d lo ts fo r re n t, newly rem odeled. Close to down­ to w n . C ity w a te r an d se w e r 
S e c u rity guard. F H A ap proved park. Pool, recreation room, and shuffleboard under construction 
U N D E R N EW M A N A G E M E N T 
G E M B L E R RD. T R A IL E R P K . 
IOU Gemfcler Rd. 333-1873 
LO T N E A R R A N D O L P H F IE L D , 
1oox2oo. O w n e r fin a n c e d . SSO down, $29 month. 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

M O B IL E H O M E P A R K LO TS 
$45 mo. F H A approved, Judson 
Ind. Schools. 658-oo22; 658-1326. 

MOBILE NW $3995 
15 min. north of W onderland, all u tilitie s , o v e r-s iz e lot, p riv a te stocked lake. $38 m onthly. B IL L 
E S S E X 341 5941. 
J MO. F R E E R E N T 
S o u th s id e P a r k , fe n c e d lo ts , paved streets, water-garbage od 
$39 mo 626-1222. 
N E , S h ad y A c re s T r a ile r Pk fenced, store room, frees, $37.5o. 
N ear W indsor Pk. M all. 826-8766 

R A C E -S K I BO AT 
18' Stevens, W tra ile r, 4oo hp V- drive, 75 plus mph. E xtra Clean. 
532-4151; 633-2643 
R O C K B O T T O M P R IC E S on In­ vaders and D eckBoats. Johnson and M e rcu rys. R A Y 'S M A R IN E , 
C a n y o n L a k e . H w y. 2673 n ear 
S larfzville A N D Hwy. 3o6 across from G oofy’ s. 1-899-211o. 
S A IL B oat A q u a riu s 21, m otor, t r a ile r , good fa m ily , c r u is e r , 
$52oo, 695-8939. 
Sailboat; 1976 Hobie with T railer. 
656-29o3. 
Sail Boat l l ’ M oth Class. Needs some repairs, no trailer, but can be car topped. $175. 344-7o82. 
18' Sailboat, trailer, New England snarpie, p ro fessio n ally built, ‘76 
F ib e rg la s s e d M a rin e p ly w o o d b o t la rg e r boat. 
Steal 
$15oo. 
494-2386. 
S a ilb o a t W anted: G u itco a st 18, w ill trade Tornado 17 with racing gear. Call Jim , 824-9983 
21' Sea R ay, Jet Powered, W alk 
Around T ra ile r. E xtras, excellent condition. $485o. 342-7927. 
•71 S id ew in d er Jet Boat, C hevy 
Pow ered $4595. After 6 6/4-45o6 

SOUTHWINO SAILBOATS 
O 'D oy 25, C h ry sle r 22, M ontego 
19, and o th e rs in sto ck . U sed 
Colum bia 23 and M ontgom ery 12. 
16oo5 SAN P E D R O 
‘65 Speed Boat, 43o Buick, runs good. 
Needs body work 
$55o. 
673-1o53. 

16 ft T ri Hull 75 hp Evinrude, like new. 534 9322; 333 5679. 

23' S p o rfcra fts I O, M e rc ru is e r, 
I6ohp, dept. finder, m arine radio, 
Cb, 
$5ooo. 
988 2991, 
988-2378 
Sabinal. 

281 NORTH 
A c re a g e hom esite w ith ce n tra l w ater system . Just 15 m in from 
41o. $3ooo. $1oo down - and $31.41 per month for 144 months at 8°o. 
J.C. HO RTO N , 8 R O K E R 342-18o8, or 494-3419. 
Northwest, 5oX1oo lots, tree move to qualified renter, 684-2851. 

51)1 - BUSINESS [OUIPMENT 

B A R G A IN 
2oqt. H o b a rt M ix e r w ith stand. 
E le ctro n ic cash register, 7 total. 
R e s ta u ra n t ta b le s and c h a irs . 
Autom atic donut m achine. Alm ost new 223-1523. 
B E A U T Y SH O P O P E R A T O R S 
Now you con have a beauty shop in your home on some cases. Buy a ll the eq uipm en t you need for 
$175o or best offer. Pa-Co, 6459 
Old hwy 9o West, 673-2573 or 
533-9o98. 
Dishw asher, beer box, snow con* m achine, dough m ixer, steam ta­ ble. Used-new, 733-1292. 
Flow er shop, 3 glass display show cases, $55. $65. $75. 223-o134 or 
222-997o. 
F o r A L L N EW and U S E D Kitchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies. See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co. 
19oo San Pedro 
733-o931 
For Sale; Equiptm ent for tortillio factory, 1-713-223-8o22. 
I - 5ft C hest fre e ze r w ith q la ss door. 4o" griddle. 2 - 54" Steam ta b le s. I elec. cash re g is te r. I 
Hobart dishw asher. I H K 3 Frye r. 
735-7264, 533-2o76 
Good Used Beau ty Shop E q u ip ­ ment. Best Offer. 661-5263. 

1977, 19’ G lasslro n I O 21o hp tan­ dem w heel alum n. tra ie lr, firs t 
Class condition $3495. 655-2252 
•72 G lastro n . 14'z’, 5o M e rcu ry , tilt trailer. Good cond. 734-7858. 
G R A M P IA N 26', New C h rysler IO 
Sailer, W orking sails. Head. G a l­ ley. Like new condition. $12,5oo. 
1-937-21o5 
15' H ig g s c ra ft, 7oH P C h ry s le r m otor, b o w rid e r, $1ooo or bes! offer. Can be seen at 8118 Hunters 
Forest. 655-4288 after 6pm 

‘75 W innebago Chieftain, A ll ex­ tras. 92oo m iles. $15,5oo. Seguin, 
1-379-8454 
•71 W in n eb ag o , 6-cvl, self c o n ­ tained, 34,ooomi. $73oo, 1-964-387o 
•76 W innebago 26' excellen t con­ dition $17,5oo 494 6356. 
•72 Winnebago. 21 ft. Brave, like new. 77oo m iles, self contained. 
4ooo W. O nan. M an y e xtra fe a ­ tures. $11,5oo 826-o885 

8o4 -BOATS, MOTORS 

Arqosy 2o' Class A loaded, petrel condition, $1o,5oo 655-2252 
71 A ristocraft 19 Ft. Rem ovable fiberglass top, 165 HP. I O. Skis, eauipm enf. 
$365o. 
732-5216, 
I 222-9476 

HoBie Cat Sailboats 
D IS P L A Y at STON E M A R IN E 
724o Bandera Road 
D ealer: Jewett Services, 342-8778 
Hobie 16 sails, new, yellow with m ain battens. 5375. 1-327-3661 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M cQueeney, 512-557-6622 
Open E ve ryd ay except M onday 
77 7 'zH P boat motor, $2oo. Sm oll boat included. 224-699o 
1976, 165 hp I O, MC Appollo 18 ti 
S e a S to r. 
W a lk th ru 
Bow . 
T a p e d e ck. $5oo in clu d ed Shore- 
Lan d tra ile r 
341-1o83 aft 
5, weekdays 

1976 15’ Sportsm an , 5o H P M e r­ cury m olar, like new. 674-3372. 
S P Y D E R BOATS 
Factory Outlet Prices 
Discount Boat Sales 654-o38o 
S ta rc ra ft 2o‘ . Inboard-O utboard 
285 M ere C ru iser 41 hrs. running time, origin ally $1o,ooo. W ill sco r­ i a e af $65oo. 492-99o6. 
71 T h underbird I9ft with acces. galv. tra ile r, $4ooo or best offer. 
673 32o8, 923-6824 
T o lly c ra ft, C a b in C ru is e r, 25* fib e rg la s s , head, q a lle v , 2Sohp 
I O, Chevy Engine $695o. 534-7868. 
12' V-Boftom 3 7 hp m otor $2oo call before 3pm 433-o731 
16' V e n tu re C a ta m a ra n ; w ith galv. tra ile r, 25' mast, m ain sail jib and trapeze in perfect shape. 
684 oo68 day, 696-7172 night. 
76 V-173 G lastro n B a yflite 
115 
H P Evinrude. Pow er trim and tilt, le s s th a n 12 h o u rs . C u sto m drive-on tra ile r and m any other extras. $4895. 688-2123, 927-3ooo 
1975 V IP , 15'?• with 7oHP John­ son, ad ju stab le D illy fill tra ile r, carpet, etc. very few hours with extras. $3,ooo 1-625 1939. 

73 H U R R IC A N E Deck boat, 12o hp outboard engine, canopy, tape d e ck, e x c e p tio n a lly good co n d i­ tion. D ealer appeased $25oo. Best offer Sequin <1)557-5o17 

8(36 - S P O T O GOODS 

E le c t r ic C o r n e r G o lf C a rt, excellent condition $4oo. 661 4476 

EXPRISS ANO NtWS 

L aie model beer box, 811 long, 2 ft. wide 222-8883___________________ 
M im e o g ra p h m a ch in e, R ex-R o- tary. Coll 69o-9569_______________ 
N C R 499 M ini com puter, m atrix p rin ter with p ayro ll and general ledger software. I yr. old. Excel- 
I lent condition. 226-5526.__________ 
Paper Foiaer A B Dick M odel 58. 
I Fine Condition. Sacrifice, Seen at 
1 621 Chestnut Street._____________ 
I Profitable P arfim e Business, cold d r in k v e n d in g m a c h in e s a re m u ch in d e m a n d and c a n be p ro fita b le . We have sev. used 
Seeburg drink vending m achines. 
; Vending 25c (9oz) drinks. These 
I m achines need repair and can be bought for very little! II interest­ ed, p le a se c o n ta c t M r. K e lle y 
342-93o4. 
For 
F u rth er 
Information._____________________ 
R e c e p tio n is t d e sk , h y d r a u lic choirs. 734 2342_________________ 

• Rough Yellow Pine • 

LUMBER 
Good Lum ber-Good Lengths 
1x8 .................................... IVC L F 
2x6 ............... 
19' tc L F 
2x8 .................................... 26C L F 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
> SOO Seguin Rd, 226-3141 • 

IN THI IXPRfSS NtWS 
CAII 225-1666 
61 * 

A u t u m n 

1914 KNTIQUES aal 
You Are Cordially Invited to an ANTIQUE AUCTION 
W ednesday - M ay 4 - 7:oo PM 
TAFT AUCTION GALLERY 

(The Old lumber Yard on Hwy 181 in Taft, Texas) 

Featuring a 4o ft. Container from Bristol Antiques, LTO. 

PARTIAL LISTING; large highly conred walnut sideboard. Rosewood 
Roby grand piano. 2 on* rolltop desks with S-Roll. Exquisite walnut 9- dtnwer chest of drowers with carving, large Etagere. 2 pine wardrobes 
Walnut hallfree with marble top. fancy full size brass and iron bed 
Oak slack bookcase with 5 sections. Marble top console table. Bamboo lamp tobies, large corved walnut Welsh cupboard, fancy 4 piece poteen oak bedroom suite wardrobe, dresser (3 lull length mirrors), bed, washstand. 2 carved walnut bedroom suites, I with burled wolnut bim. Highly corved ook halltree. Wolnut bench Plant stands. Wicker chairs. Oak sideboards. Triple mirrored dressers. Pine chest of drowers. 
2 American orgons, oak and walnut, 2 primitive pine kitchen tables. 
Oak china cabinet. Walnut upright piono with brass candle holders. 
Oak comer cabinet. 2 chests of drawers with columns down each side. 
2 pine benches. Youth choir. 2 Commode arm chairs with porcelain pots. Carved ook umbrella >tond. Cast iron umbrella stand. Corved wainut fainting couch with matching chair Oak dining table with 6 
(hairs. Elm bar stool. 4 corved walnut dining chairs. ? Windsor arm rhairs. Marble top wash stands with colorful tile bocks. Oak 8-piece dining room suite. Walnut Chippendale style lamp table. Server / oak 
Welsh dressers one with leaded glass door. Pine pedestal Oak child's school desk. 4 Elm primitive chairs. Brass covered cool hod. Oak parlor tables. Teacarts. Bentwood rocker. Towel roils, large marble monte clock Grandfather clock with Westminister chimes. Oak cosed monte1 clocks, I with Westminister chimes. Bellows Cast iron lined door stop. 
3 pair of exquisite liandpcinted vases. Dresser sets. Bowl and pitcher sets, flow Blue plates. Carnival glass. Irion teapot. Several prints, water colors and frames. Several other decorative items. 
Be Sure to Attend this Fine Antique Auction!! 

 ta r A d d itio n a l In fo rm a tio n C all tHo A u ctio n e er!: 
Gary Fingleman, Owner 
Dan Adams, Manager 
512— 398-37o1, lockhort 
512— 776-2187, Ingleside 
TxGC-77-o386 
TxGc-77-o589 
□DDE p 
Antique Auction 
Sun., M a y 1 , 7 7 1:oo p.m. 
Inspections Sat 1o-4 A Sun 9 ’til Sale 
American & European 

Old cut glass, line chino, misc. items, 3 pc. set limoges France, pink sandwich glass, candle holders with cranberry shade, cranberry Spooner, nippon powder dish. pr. Bisque figurenze, and lots more old glass. 

Chino cabinet w/curved glass, German chino cabinet w/bevel gloss doors, leaded glass windows, vanity triple mirror, magazine rack, ook drop front desk, bookcase sides, mahogany and oak wardrobes, oak dressers, high boy chest of drowers, mahogany and oak round table*. 
American hall trees, upholstered chairs, Victorian chair and Victorian rocker, fire place, big round meat block, auctioneers register, extra large pot belly stove, jugs, rockers, wicker pieces-rocker-sofa and wicker plan tee, square tables, set of 6 oak chairs, ice box, trunks, high oak beds, kit 
(hen cabinets, and mony more items. 
The public and dealers arc invited. Be sure to come and see. 
FOR A BETTER INVESTMENT— BUY AMERICAN FURNITURE! 
V IC K Y’S ANTIQUES 

1o77 S. Seguin S t., New Braunfels 

Lie. # T x G C - 7 4 - o 5 9 4 
S I 2 - 4 2 S - 1 8 3 7 

AUCTION SAU 

ALL ANTIQUE AUCTION 
FURNITURE A G LA SSW A R E 
Sunview - M a y 1 - 1 :3o PM 
26o1 S. H ackberry - San Antonio 

In sp e ctien i S u n d a y m o rn in g - t O A M until to t* tim e. 
A Fantastic Personally Selected Collection of furniture and Merchandised) 
' Brass trimmed 4-blade celling fan with tulip shod* lights, kerosene burn­ ing brass lamps both hanging and table. Model Relish etched crystal cen- 
I cist in g of decenter, fruit bowk, water glosses and several other pieces. 
Several marble and wooden mantel clocks. Very ornate upright pump o-gon. Men s and Indies watches. lUNFVIlLE of FRANCE complete set of 
I dinnerware, approx 
IOO pieces. Several gloss china cabinets Baby cradle. Halhrees. large 5-plece Germon bedroom suite Marble top i washstands. 4 x8 hall mirror. American oak dressers, chests, washstands. 
Rockers, lamps, English sideboards. Several sets of odd chairs. Hand and treddle sewing machines. Notional silverware, coder and tea sets. Bowl and pitcher sets. Iron toys and banks Carnival glos,. Roseville pottery. 
Depression gloss. Blue willow and many other interesting items too numerous to list. 
ALSO PROMISED FOR THIS SAU: a large load of antique furniture which we have not seen, plus old time pinboll machines. 

John & R ow land Bom os 
5 3 2-6641 or 655-3 4 41 

W a acce p t M e rc h a n d ise o n C o n sign m e n t 
T X G C -7 7 -o 2 9 3 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S — 
S a t u r d a y A p n \ 3 o I 9 7 7 “ 

C A N N O U N C E M E N T S } f V 
I 

^oa/M neni 

•A-AKC A F G H A N S * 
C H A M P . Lines___________498-?7o8 
I Adorable A K C T O Y P O O D L E S , f male*. Call 344-oo/2. 

QUALITY USED EQUIPMENT 
1 9 7 o IH 385o Loader.....................* 8 ,5 o o 
1 9 6 6 !H 25o Crawler leader........... *1 6 ,5 o o 
1 9 7 3 Case 35o loader Hoe.............*1 3 ,9 5 o 
1 9 7 2 Case 45o Dozer.................... *1 o ,5 o o 
1 9 7 2 Hein Warner C-14A.............. *1 4 ,o o o 
1 9 7 2 A/C 7-G Crawler loader......... *1 3 ,9 5 o 
1971 John Deere 51o Wheel loader 
Hoe...................................*2 2 ,5 o o 
1 9 7 5 John Deere 86oA Scraper........ ‘7 3 ,7 5 o 
TOM FAIREY CO M PANY 
INTERSTATE 3 5 N O RTH OF KYLE 
PH O N E (5 1 2 ) 3 8 5 -8 9 1 o 

9o3 • BUILDING MATERIALS 

•LEPPARD LUMBER# 
Plywood H " C O X SS.79, < >' $4 98, new screen doors S U 5o. new and used wondows and door*. 31o3 W. 
Commerce. 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
Sunday. M ay. I. 1:3o P M 
G a ry ’s Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. - Call 398-37o1 
Antique c o rn e r ch in a cabinet, 
G olden O ak w ith c u rv e d front gloss, S175. Call 9-6, 349-43o5 
Antique Desk, M ode of Texas C y ­ press. Inlaid Leather Top, SISO. 
733-9873. 
Are Your Antiques and Collecti­ bles Properly in su re d ’ Certified 
Inventory, Lice n se d A p p ra ise r, 
Phil M oron 734-56o8. 
Art deco lantern, sh e ll sh ad e 
(Cinderella lamp. 2 Baker M irrors. ii25 Lou Jon Circle 
(Barber chair, pat. 19o9. R o u n d 
(seat, o rig strap. P e rfe ct cond. 
1*55o. 1629 El Monte 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
SO L ID B R A S S H E A D B O A R D S 
824-6925 
3123 Broadw ay 
B O E R N E and C O M F O R T shoos welcome you. Inform ation - G a r­ den Gate, 316 S. M ain, (or area shoos 
Accent, Two on the Ark, 
Hand and Heart, Boerne House of 
Antiques, Jody's, This Old House, 
Pioneer West (Leon Springs). In 
Comfort, Com fort Collections and 
M arty's Oft Her R o c k e r__________ 
B U Y S E L L - A P P R A IS E 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TOW N A C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826-2749 36o9 Broadw ay 735-2414 

Child's Chair, Wicker 
Grabo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy 

Chism Trail Antlsues 
Bock From the F a r E ast (Ohio) 
1ooo pieces of D ep ression Glass, 
R o y a l 
D u x , 
A n t iq u e 
T o y s , 
Remington A Nutting prints, cop­ per, brass, furniture. 
616 S. S E G U IN St., C O N V E R S E 
C R A N B E R R Y C O L L E C T IO N 
B E S S A N T IQ U E S 
545o Old Sequin Rd., 661-5582 

D IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D ­ 
W A Y . S p e c ia liz in g in P e r io d 
A m e ric a n A n tiq u e and c lo ck s, o v e r 25o c lo c k s in in v e n to ry . 
Lorqe Pine Cupboard, 18 Draw er 
Pine A p o th e ca ry Chest, 2 Am. 
Spider Leg Candle Stands, Shaker 
Rocker, 4 Post Rope Bed, English 
Wooden Candlestick, B ra ss Coal 
Hod, C o u n try F re n c h Buffett. 
Tues- Sot. 1o-5 826-199) 
Early Virginia Huntboard, Long- leal Pine SI2oo 735-4715. 
Early Wooden W asher, M eal Bin 
Pie Sates, Ice Boxes 
Round Tables, B ra ss Beds, 
Set of Pressed Back Choirs 
H A R T ’S A N T IQ U E S 
Sabinal, 988-2733 Open W eekdays, 
All Day Sat, Sun Afternoon. 

G A S L IG H T A N T IQ U E S 
1525 M C 
C U L L O U G H 
227-48o3 lf vou have A ntiaues, Jew elry, 
D ia m o n d s , S t e rlin g , G o ld or 
Oriental R u gs to sell, you'll get the 
Best P ric e from San A n to n io ’s 
Finest Shop: 
Regency Antiques 
M rs. Brenner, 822-544o, 342-5o7o 

9o1 • BUSIMESS EQUiPHEWT 

Scotsman Ice M achines: I- 4oo lb cap. $8oo I- 2oo lb cap. 56oo 3 yrs old. Can be seen of D a y 's Inn M o ­ tel, 41oo E. Houston St. 
Sto re f ix t u r e s , 
C l e r k oui counter, closed display tables 5x5' clothes rock, sales counters, cosh register, full length m irro r Call 
SA; 622 .1862, 429 32o4. 
______ 
14-6-8 13 Total N C R C a sh R e gis ters 534-349o, 648-3358. 
V a c u u m 
F o r m in g m a c h in e , 
28"x28", $5oo. 658-61o8. 
________ 

■BP 

P A G EN K O P F 
AN T IQ U ES 
5312 Broadway 
‘Since 1935’ 
Sto re w id e Sale 
1 o - 5 o % OFF 
ALL M E R C H A N D ISE until M a y I st 

Cai! g 2 ^ prg 2 '2 * j [ wtt* 

• iii 

F a sc in a tin g old E n g lis h se m i­ grand piano bv John Broodw ood and Sons Approx. IOO y rs old 
565o. 344-oo23. 

LIQUIDATION SALE: 
Must M ake Room For New stock 
Up To 4o% Reduction, Gifts for 
Mothers Day 
H E L E T IQ U E S 
2716 
M c Cullough, 
734-3796 

M arble T op D re sse r 
Plum e M ahogany Chest 
Collection of Cooper M olds 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , 5o8 Dallas 
New on d O ld Sh o p . 3o5 W est 
Ashby (N ear Soc) 732 8888 

O P A ’S A N T IQ U E S 
22o3 S. H ackberry 
P riv a te C o lle c tio n . C u t g la s s , cranberry, silver, lam ps, M a ry 
G re g o ry , b ir d p r in ts , g a m e plates, 
Em erge, and etc. 
Call 
651-6166 

Q U E E N S A N T IQ U E S 
28o9 Fred ericksb urg 
Hours: 9-5 
R A R E 18oo's new sp apers, ads novelettes for sale. 684-6791 

Sale! Sale! Sale! 
Clearing large stock of furniture, 
B ric -A -B ra c before clo sin g tor vacation. B argains galore. B rin g ­ ing rn from storage daily. 
3611 Broadw ay, 822-7496 
T A IL E N D A N T IQ U E S 
Leaded stained doors, panels 
In Colonies North M all 

THE BLUMENTHAL 
MERCHANT 
The most interesting ontiaue shop in Texas. Everything from glass to Early Am erican Furniture at 
Blumenthal, Texas. 7 m iles west of L B J State P a rk on Hw y 29o 
Open daily except Tuesday. Look for Blumenthal Hw y sign. 
TH E 
Different Drummer 
Antiaues-Accessories-Colloctables 
1o2o T O W N S E N D , 826-3764 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
T H O M P S O N ’S A N T I Q U E S 
THIN G S. 47o5 Rigsby, 648-4o24 
To Sell your Antiques 
O N E A N D A L L 
Here's the num ber for you to call: 
633-26oo, 633-o34o (cash paid) 
J IM L IS T E R 

S I N C L A I R L U M B E R C O 
2X4, 8ft ....................... 12'JC ft. 
2x4, 1o-16H 
................. 17'JC ft. 
2X6, 1o-14H....................... 24c ft. 
4x4 ......... 
4»c ft. 
4x8x'2ln. 
C D plywood seconds .......................... $5.99 
New and used doors ___*2 5o up 
•',x8 particle board ........... $2.89 
7ft. treated fence posts . $1.59 ea. 
Used Lum ber at B argain Prices 
We m ake woad stakes-wedges 
9456 S. Presa at 41o, 633-29o9 
Stan Helm ke W ishes to Announce 
That he is now associated with 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO 432 7381 

9o5 PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

Ari wood, 8 x12’, $295. 12’x16' 
5545. Delivered 655-2363 
D am ag e d 8x1o heavy duty stor- age bldg. Term s, free del. 732-5)71 
F a c t o ry 2nd p o rta b le g a r a g e 
12x24 terms, tree del 924-Soo3. 

New Homes Moved To your lot All paneled and plum b­ ing, vinyl floor covering. 
2 bedroom, I bath, $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom, I bath, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber 
624-2256 
Portable bldg, on skids, all wood, 
12X24" divided into 2 offices, c a r­ peted, paneled, ceiling acoustic, wired for electricity. Good buy. 
432-3111.434-6741 433-1174 

PORTADIE BUILDINGS 
6x8...$295 
8x1o...5396 
Other sizes available 
Q U A L IT Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Heavv-Outv Floor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO Seguin Rd. 
226-3141 
P o rta b le B u ild in g s M o v e d bv 
Morgan. Bonded. 653-8111.________ 
Repo. 12x32 red barn heavy duty floor free del. terms, 923-4346. 
Slightly damaged, reduced 12x24 
Storg bldg, del, terms. 684-1236. 
Used must go 12x32 Storage bldg, terms, tree del. 653-8111. 

9o7 FURNITURE 

‘GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES 

W a g u a r a n te e lo w e r p rice ! or. n e w furniture B io n a n y other re tail furniture !to re a r y w k f ie r a g a r d le s ! o f a n y kind of to le th e y m a y run. lf y o u can b o a t tho price! on a n y furniture yo u bu y from us et a n y other retell furniture store w a w ill ro ­ tund to y o u 1 2 o % o f the difference. 

I Price, confirmation required 

2. Must be within 3o days of purchase — Your receipt is proof of purchase. 
3. Must be alike and of same brand and/or model no.'*. 

UNITED D IS C O U N T 

FURNITURE 

 m - 
* 2 - 
-1 o 4 Lam ar 
-1 o 4 1 o P o rrin -B a lto l 

9o9 PAWN BROKERS 

A M E R IC A N L O A N CO buy-sell-tradc anything of value 
1624 E. C O M M E R C E 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T IN U M 
G O LD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y * F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N D E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
226-1424 

Apricot I 
Adorable AKC P e k in g ese pups, eh bloodline *1oo. 69o 9235 
A d o rab le A K C Y o rk m F rm a lr 
Pups. Reg ond Pedigree Papers given, warm free, shots. *25o. 
826-4411 
__________________ 
Adorable Chi-Apso Puppies, No worms. *45. Cath 33/ 3669, 
Adorable W hite M in. A m e ric a n 
Eskim o pups 8 wks. Need homes price reduced, must sell 349-62o1 ; 
Afghan, black m ask. apricot. 
' 
Afghan, black m ask, apricot, lyear 532-5829 aft 5 

Staffordshire Terrier, 
Bull Pups 

C ham pion 
Bloodlines. 
Sire ond D o n b y Ch. Ruf­ fians Harper. 

Call 
Robert Sm ith 
7 3 2 -8 6 8 8 

A K C Afghan Hound female ll mo old, spayed, lovely pet, 736-2471 or 
4 3 2 - 6 9 9 2 . _________________ 
A K C A F G H A N S , 

Beautiful! affectionate male Irish 
Setter 54o. 656-4936 aft 4pm 

Pig-tait 
Monkey, 
734-o351.__________ 
A K C black Germ an Sh.'phera*. 3 mos. Shots and wormed. 696-o684 , 

Black M ale Poodle, 9 m os $5o. 
-I otter 6 p.m. 333-4165. 
! Blk Lab Puppies, full blooded remote 
$3oo., S(re A K C Reg , w k v E k c hunf. ing dogs. 653-o9o8 

A K C Borzoi (R u ssian W olfhound) 
Female. 4 mos. shots, 432-53o9. 
A K C B O ST O N T E R R IE R Pups, 
Blk, white and Brindle, 2 female, I male $125. 1-336-2329 
A K C Boxer females, $125. ea. Call 
661-6664. 
A Kit Boxer Puppies, Shaw Quali- ty. 696-o223 after 6 p.m. 
A K C B ritta n ie s 6 w k s 
Shots,' wormed. 674-o18o Reasonable. 
6 KC Brittany spamel Puppies, 6 weeks Old 492-2797______________ 
A K C Ch iired Buff Cocker Spaniel puppies 69o-8799 ofter 4 ___ 

912 FLEA MARKETS 

SA N A N T O N IO S 
Largest Indoor 
FLEAMARKET 
E very Saturdav-Sunday 
North West Shopping Center 
36oo Block Fred ericksb urg Rd. 
Back Side of Center 
F O R IN FO , or R E S E R V A T IO N S 
341-7337 

916-ABTS, GRAFTS, IMPORTS 
M o t o r G a lle r y H a s S t a n d -B y 
C lients fo r W in d b e rg, C lv m e r, 
F r a n k 
J o h n so n , 
S a lin a s . 
M cCarthy, Lovell. We G ive Top 
Prices. Write: Box 7163 E xp re ss 
NewsjCorg^ Particulars. 

918 - COINS t JEWELRY 

Bellview Coin Sting 
Buying and Selling 
Gold and Silver Coins, etc. 
2o6 West Ave., 735-7131 
Doctor's Investm ent G roup is in­ terested in buving coms, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold. Franklin Mints, etci^ontact|Dm <V ojn ^ 3£ 2 o 79 i|^ 

92o CAMERA PHOTO EQUIP 

P H O T O -T Y P O SIT O R 
$12oo 
653 o78o 

922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

Displayed 

But Never Used 

Kingsize Bedroom Set Complete 
S2?5. White Gold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Hatton, Herculon Sofa nod Chair $139. Recliner $59. 
Extra Firm Full Size Bed $65. 
Stereo, Sofa Sleeper, $165. Can 
Deliver, forms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
8515-1 Speedway 349-4127 

9o3-BUILDING MATERIALS 

Wanted 
A djustable steel sh e lv ­ ing for convenience store. Steve 
Spence, 698 2)41, 698 258o. 
Wanted: Sm all Printing P i ess 
Phone 734-851o 
W A R E H O U S E E Q U IP M E N T , rollers, dollies, and etc. A lso of­ fice furniture, supplies, copy m a­ chine. check writer, adding m a­ chine and etc 344-2626. 
- - 

9o3-BUILDING MATERIALS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
SPRING SPECIALS 
Kiln dried—-N m Brite 
2x4 8-14'No. 2 YP . . .1 6 4 lf. 
2x6 8— 14 No. 2 YP 
24f 
2x4-8-14’ No I YP 
18c 
?<i6-8-14' No. H P 
26< 
2x8-8-14'No 2 YP 
31c 
2x6-8— 14 Ne. I YP 
34c 
BARGAIN HUNTERS 
SK O A L 
2x4 precut KO fir studs 
79c 
2x4 precut KO YP studs 
79c 
2x4 1o-16 MD fir 
....... IIC 
2x6 1o-16'KO fit 
....... 
UC 
4x8 W' CDK DFP* 
$6.99 
4x8 
7/16 
K B BB. embossed hdboard sdg 
Brined A grade 
$9.95 
CASH I CARRY 
WHILE STOCK LASTS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-1556 

Extra Firm 

O rthopedic K ingsize M a t­ tress, 2 Box Springs ond 
Foundation, $ 7 5 . Still in 
O riginal Package. Q ueen 
Size set, $ 6 5 . Full Size set, $ 5 5 , Twin Size Set. 

C an Deliver. Terms 
Smith Construction Co. 

8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
1oo1 Austin St., 226-1437 
U niversal City, 658-6331 
A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H AS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 
A ssorted used lum ber, jalousie windows, p lu m b in g, electr ical, doors, window screens, ond m isc 
2o4/ R ig sb y _______________ _ _ _ _ _ 
A T T EN T IO N 
Building Contractors 
F o r b id s in o r n a m e n t a l ir o r w o rk s su c h a s r a ilin g s , steel stairways, steel colum ns window guords with fire escape system s, 
Call us at 

1 -5 1 2 - 7 2 2 -4 5 1 1 
O R W R IT E 
M A R IO ’S IRO N W O RKS 
7o6 C O R T EZ ST 
L ARED O , TX 78o4o 
We deliver 
Com m ercial 
Residential or 

L . 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong lorn Corrug. Iron length* to 2o ....... $24.95 sq 

Corrugated Fiberglass, full 4 oz. 

I ’, $4.39; IO, $5.49; 12’, $6.59 

AsbestatiidiM. 
I2 IS5 H- first quality birch paneling.'! 

'/«in...’. .......!..* $7.45ea. 
4x8-3/8" COX plywood $5.79 ea. 
4x8-1 IT COX plywood ............ $4.48*q 

 nsu lotion 3'/z”..... 9 VS 4 sq. ft. 
Insulation 6”...........164 sq. ft. 
THI MONEY SA V II 
MasterCharge lankAmaricard 
Where Cash Buys at Wholesale 

Beautiful 

Early Am erican or C o n ­ tem porary Kingsize Bed­ room set. 
Includes 
Dresser, 
M irror, 
Chest, 
N ight Stand, Bed, Foun­ dation. $ 2 5 9 . D isp layed 
O n ly C a n Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

CABIL NELSON 
I New From *495 
I Used From M 95 

425 H. Main 224-5526 

Wonderland 732-8529 

North Star 
344-o248 

> 2 o .o o A M o n th R a n t! 
A B A L D W IN B IA N O 
Rent A p p l i e s an P u rchase 
SIMS BALDWIN 
6 2 3 Lwcbhill - Sw im # Rd. 
3 4 4 - 4 8 ) 9 
W i n d e r Parte M u ll 

ANNIVERSARY SALE 
N E W A N D U S E D P IA N O S A N D 
O R G A N S A T B IG S A V IN G S , som e as low a s $295. A n tiq u e 
Knabe, a rare bargain. C o c k e r ­ ing Grand, like new, only 52995. 
New Spinets, $788, targe selection. 
Also Rent-to-Buy. 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
Southside 223-6151 )4oo Nogalitos 
Northside 654-6661 5235 Walzem 
(3 blks. East of W indsor M all) 

A K C C O C K E R P U P S, Buff, shots, wormed. 494-3338. 
A K C C o ck e r S p a n ie l p u p p ie s, champion sired. 674-238o.________ 
A K C C o ck e r Sp a n ie l P u p p ie s, 
Silver-Buff 5125. 633-2729 
A K C C O C K E R S, 2 Buff m ales left 
674-39oo. 
A K C Collie P u p p t e ir io b le and white. Reg. I m ale. 5 m os. all shots. 734-5374, 8 to 5 w eekdays ask tor H ilo. 
A K C C O L L IE S 
Ch. Sired Sables, T r i*. 623-4511 
A K C C O L L IE S 
Pups«623-4511«2 yr tem. 
A K C En g. S p r in g e r P u p s, shots, eve quality 494 ) 5*o 
A KC G O L D E N R E T R IE V E R S 

Beautiful puppies. Excellent field, obedience, co n firm atio n b a c k ­ grounds. 1-392-5292 or 1-392-4*44, 
San Marcos. 
A K C Irish Softer Pups 
Reasonable e 
655 9192 

B O R D E R C O L L IE P U P S A R S 
REG . 649 1224. 
Brow n Calico Spayed Declaw ed 
Fem ale, Cot. Staff Sgt. M o o re 
671 7141,days, eves 623 57o1. 
C F A Reg. Sealpoint Siam ese Kif- tens. 658-28o3. 
CHOW Puppy, red male 
674-oo41 
Ch. S ire and D a m G e rm o n 
Shorth and Pointer Puppies. El- mendorf 1-393-6754_______________ 
Ch. Sired W eim araner Puppies 
Elm endorf 
• 
1-393-6754 
Collie pup 4 wks, sable and whited female, 
1-42o-28o8 
Little 
Lassie, 

Com panion or w atchdog 3 G e r­ m an Shepherds. 635-8561. 
4 Cole P u p p ie s, m ix e d breed, females *5 eo 828-8598 
Doberman Pups, Red, no papers 
$6o. Blk A K C $9o. 1-278-8555 aft 6 
D O B E R M A N P U P $ Reg AKC~ 
532-5869 
D O B E R M A N P U P P IE S 7 wks 
$75 
1-249-317o 

Doberm an PuDPies, outstanding 
AKC registered, black and rust, 
Sw ks, old, fem ale $1oo, m o lo c - -K 
$125, Uvalde, Tx. 278-3162 

Exceptionally beautiful Old Eng- lish Sheepdog Pups. A K C Reg. Alt shots and wormed. 653-2115 
F o r Sale Fu llb lo o d e d G e rm o n 
Shepherd Pups. 626-24o4 
F R E E ’ one small black dog one lorgc black dog. 658 9o93 
F R E E K IT T E N S to good home. 
Call 656-8624. 

A K C Ir is h S e tte rs, 
14 w k s, re d u c e d tor q u ic k so le -$75 females SSS male You m ust see these pups. In New B ra u n fe ls. 
629-1215 oft S. 
A K C Irish Setter I y r $1oo. 
656-8658. 
A K C Irish T erriers, Good Pets, lOwks. Shots, must sell 1-755 81o3 

AKC KeiTydlue Terriers 
G reat with child ren, non s h e d ­ ding, o d o rle ss, non allergenic. 
Cn. 
Sire, 
Pointed 
Dam . 
$275 
695-o435. 

AKC LABRADORS 
Yellows-Blks-Choc's. 826-3393. 
A K C M A L E C H IH U A H U A 

F R E E K IT T E N S , Cute, Healthy. 
824-9753. 

TURQUOISE & GIFT S 
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS 

CLOSING OUT SALE STARTS: MAY 2 
6525 SAN PEDRO 
341-5425 
1o:oo A.M. to 6:oo P M. 

A 

2 Appaloosa M are s and saddles. 
1-2 horse trailer. >23-6o48. 
Appaloosa Palom ino 14 bonds, 4 yrs, West, and E n *. Rider $4oo 
695-916o. 
A G H A M are- good straight s o r­ rel!. C la ssic bloodlines. N e e d s I som e tend er lo v in g ca re . 
496-6o9o , 699-3241. _____________ 

$ 9 2 7 . 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
1 - 7 7 2 - 3 * 3 4 * 2 2 - 9 3 o o 
Lytle 

AQ H A R EG . More, 7 yrs old. 2 yr old Boy Mare. 679-7335. 
______ 
AQ H A Stallion. Grey, 2 yrs. 13-1 bonds, ‘ Tap Deck", $3oo 659-o234 a Q h a Yearling &*ud,' t:xc. con- tormatlon $8oo. A Q H A 1975 Filly, 
Green Broke, Started far Plea- sure. $1ooo. 1-77o-2o61. 
B a b y C a lv e s $3o- $ T 5 ~ £ r a s s 
Calves $6o-SI IO. 922-8449 
Beautiful IO yr. old A Q H A gelding, gentle yet sp irite d . E x c e lle n t 
P le a su r e h o rse . 
N O 
B A D 
H A B IT S. Coll Lytle, 1-772-3957 
Black More, IO years old Excel lent disposition, good conform a- 
Iton. $25o. 924-26o4 

BLANKENSHIP RANCH 
Registered Brahm an Heifers and 
Bulls. 512-824-9773. 
C H A R O L A ls B U L L Reb, 3 ', yrs 
$6oo 1-426-2542. 

•Coastal Bermuda* 
Sprigging ond custom work, also chisel plowing and hay b a tin o 
1-742-8415. Schum acher Bros 
•Coastal Sprigs Jo bu* 
■ Sutherland Springs 
1-947-337o 1-947-3379 

CORRUGATES IRON 
I p a r' 
(S L B R CO. 
$18.95 
F L O W F R i 
2567 Goliad 
' 
333 6171 
C o rru g a te d iro n lb a n d 7o ti lengths, good cand $4ea 649 1299 
C o y ’s B o n a n z a - O w n Son Of beautiful, easy m onored so rre l stallion. 494-6o9o , 699-3241. 
Custom hand made saddles, over 
*o u se d s a d d le s in sto ck 
H u n d re d s of 1st ond 2nd line boots. B and W Boot and Tack, 4o5 
. .Guadalupe St, San M arcos, Tx. 
I 392 4674. 

M ilk Goofs for iafe M ilking Non nies S4o-UP. Kids 2 and 3 mos old ta 
B u tc h e r 
$2o. 
H o r r y 
H e td e m a n n . N a t u ra l B rid g e 
Caverns, M I- * ™ ) 
! Mio.I 'Fertilized Coastal berm uda 
: Hay $1.75 per bale in Barn. Suth- 
1 erland Springs 25 bates minimum. 
! 226-o141; 826-6o27. 
Not much to I oak of, bul great to ride. This 7 yr. gentle m are is on excellent pleasure horse or first horse for your child. $21o. Call 
Lytle. 1-772-3957.________ 
____ 
P U R E B R E D 
S A N T A 
5 1 1 “ 
T R U D IS B U L L S ; H E I F E R S ; 
.COW S 364 9259 of) 6 
__________ 
Q 'r H o rse S o rre l G e ld in g TS hands. $4oo. 451-495o 
I Q uarter H o rse M a re i i i 6 i 
Gelding $25o, lack for both extra 
228-oo33 after 5 p m 
R A N C H F E N C IN G B V B E N K E 
674-1584 
Reg. Braiim on Auris 12 to 24 mos 
Heifers 12 to 18 m as Gentle. All 
Pets. 633-o847. 
7o Reg. G ray B ro h m a n Heifers 
($45o); 25 Reg G ray, Red ond 
Speckled 
Bulls. 
(S35o-$75o.) 
1-476-3313. 
R e g is t e re d 2 y r old, so rre l 
Q uarter horse filly. Gentle, att 
5pm 1-772-3998. 
Reg. Nubian Buck, Sire Cadillac 
Line; Cabrito* 1-42o-2579 

Baa. Paint Stallion 
Bred to one of the Best 923-274o 
R EG . Polled Hereford Bulls. *Aflo and up. 653 1855 or 1-562-325) 
Reg. Pulled H ereford B ulls for 
Sale. 1-426-3575, 341-76o8. 

English Saddle, excellent shape, 
(<8-o436 Call Rod 
F E L P S H O R S E , ST O C K 
A N D G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
Sa le s, S e rv ic e , R e p a ir s , a n d 
Trailer Rentals, 443o Hw y 9o East 
(S. W W White Rd.) .133 IAH. 
Felos 14 open Stock $927 
H A R R IS W E S T E R N C E N T E R 
622-93oo 
Lytle 
1-772-3634 

7o replacem ent A n g u s and H e­ reford heifers. Some B rangu* and 
Angus bull* 922-9796 
R E S T O C K Y O U R R A N C H W|Yh 
W IL D T U R K E Y New poults $2 each 342 73o7____________________ 
S A C R IF IC E 
16 H . Reg. App 
M are *425 16 H Sorrel Geld Used os pony horse and steer roping 
$$25 Both 13 yrs, gentle One horse trailer. Exc Cond. $575. Big m ans saddle. SISO. 655-93o6 atter S p.m. 

Free Puppies - Part Shepherd. 334 
Revlon after 4 p. rn. 
_________ 
Fullblooded G e rm o n Sh e p h e rd females $3o. 733 7oo9____________ 
Fullblooded Unreg. E n *. Collie 
P u p s. Sa b le -w h ite , w o rm e d . 
Females 
S4o. 
M ales 
$45. 
1-379-1849. 

G R E A T D A N E S 
Champion sired 1-755-4696 

FO R S A L E 
2 yr old Sorrel Blaze 
Fa ce . s to c k in g atr. G e ld in g . 
Halter broke- from reg. stock. 
Jersey m ilk cow. B re d ta re *. 
B e e fm o ste r Se ll o r tro d e tor calves. LaCoste. 1-762-3258 
G E L D IN G S y e a rs ald Saddle and tack 
Rodeo perform ance 
(1)742 3657. 
_______________ 

Saddle. Like new, 16’ seat/ 95% tooling, bags, breast collar, bridle reins. $5oo. 648-1551.______________ 

BLOOD 
?DONATIONS? 

BLOO D - PLA SM A 
SERVICES OF 
S A N A N T O N IO 
N O W 
OPEN 
A C R O SS FRO M 
M U N IC IP A L A U D IT O R IU M 
AT 
1 1 3 A U D IT O R IU M CIR# 
Aen.-W. M O AJB.-4:oo PM. 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ v 
ONLY 

FREE HAIRCUTS by 
Professionals 

For contemporary men & women during our train­ ing workshop, May 9-l o ­ 

 ll . latest 
New 
York styles, advanced techni­ ques. limited to specific style choices. Please col! 
655-9oo9, 
May 
3-4-5, between 9:3o-5PM for an appointment. 

EARN $$$ 
WEEKLY 

Blo o d P la s m a D o n o r s 

W o n Sol 8 a m 4:3o 

P la s m a D e riv ativ e s 

3o2 S Flores 

224 I 749 

‘>12o BIBS S NfOraSALS 

K-riiiid bld proposals wiiTbTieieive?!] by tbe Board af Trustees of lh* 
Judson Independent School Dishier for on addition to the Central Kifcheit until 3-oo t M May ll. 1977, of 9321 
Schoefer Rood, Converse, Texas 

Bid specifications and drawings may be pit Ired up ofter payment of 
525 OO deposit prior to bid openmq in 
•the Office of finance, at me obow address. 

It is emphatically stressed that this construrhon must be completed on or before August I, 1977. 

S e a le d bid p r o p o s a l* w ill be received bv the Board of Trustees of the N orth E a st independent 
* School D istric t for the R E 5 U R - 
1 F A C IN G OF T E N N IS C O U R T S to 
' be opened 2'3o o rn., Wednesday, 
| M ay 4. 1977. 
I Please coil the Purchasin g Office' of the North E a st Independ ent 
School, 655-421o ext. 256 tor tnfor motion on obtaining bid form*. 
Sealed bids will be received bv the 
Director of Bu sin e ** Services of 
Education Service Center. Region 
2o for the purchase of C O N T IN 
U O U S FO C H E C K S T O C K until 
IO OO A M . M a y 16, 1977 itemized detail* are on file and avowable upon reauest in the P u rc h a sin g 
Office, Education Service Center, 
Region 2o, 155o N E. Loop 41o, 
San Antonio. Texas, 782o9. 
June Patton, 
Purchasin g Agent 

The E d g e w o o d In d e p e n d e n t 
School District will receive scales bids until 2 oo P M M a y 3, 1977 for G A R B A G E D IS P O S A L S E R ­ 
V IC E . F o r further inform ation contact the P u rc h a sin g Dep ort­ ment 
5358 
W 
Com m erce 
St. 
433-o8o1 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 

T h e 
1977 
B e x a r 
C o u n t y 
B o a r d of E q u a l iz a t io n w ill c o n v e n e M a y IO, 1977 a t 9 
A M , 5 25 S . M a i n f o r t h e 
P u r p o s e of E q u a liz a t io n . 
We will not be responsible tor any debts in c u rre d other than o u r­ selves. M R. A N D M R S. E D W A R D 
M F O R E S T IE R . 

5o1 • BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

S o rg h u m S u d a n seed $16 cwt. 
B la c k e y e s $45. P u r p le H u ll crowders $65 cwt. Share cropper corn, yellow ond white, yellow dent $11 5o sotb sack mixed sweet 
Sudan $25 cwt G a lla w a y Bros, 
_________ 
Somerset, Tx. Coll 622-3862 or 
IO 
Gentle (F I) H olstein-B rah I 429-32o4._________________________ m an Y e a rlin g H eifer*. 734532o 
Sorrel Qtr Gelding Saddle Horse 
Can Dei. 

H a rle q u in D a n e o n d G e rm a n 
Shepherd Mixed Puppies, females 
$25. 494-2151. 

449-2133 
A K C male Dob erm an, l l mos., 
52oo 824-99o2 
A K C Poodle Pups, $65 Up. 
674-122o 
A K C Red Doberm an at Stud 
________ 349-9589 anytim e_________ 
A K C keg. Collie Puppies $75 Va", atter 5 p m. 532-8o45._____________ 

 irish Setter, mate, 13 mos. Beau­ tiful D og. $1oo o r b e st otter 
I 438-2852, I 438 2868_____________ 
Labrador Pups A K C , yellow blk. 
EXC. Quality 492-9394_____________ 
5 male white G erm an Shepherd 
Pups, 7 wks. I 557-6874_________ 

Gentle Sorrel Gelding, goad trail horse, '6 nands. II yrs. $5oo with tack 658 7234___________________ 
Gentle 4 yr old Sorrel M a re 13 hands, experienced rider HOO. 
341-411* after 6pm weekends. 
G ieot Sm all Horse tor children 
Saddle and all tack. $15o or best 
Otter 1-438 246o 
_____ 
L u l l 

Broken, Gentle $45o. 69o-9759 att 
5 

M ust Sell 2 C F A Beautiful Adult 
Siamese. 674-7578. 

A K C R e g. G e r m o n S h e p h e r d 
Pups, 5 male I temple. 924-1867.__ 
A K C Reg. Harleauin Great Dane 
Ch. Lineage 6 wk*. 1-643-7423. 

O B E D IE N C E C L A S S E S 
All Breeds Starts IO M ay 
M A S T E R K E N N E L S 688-3539 
Old E n *, ih e e p d o g Pup s, A K C 
Ch Bloodline *?o o u p . exe 5’ *9. 
Port Shepherd P u p p ie s *Io-$1S. 
656 2o34 attar 6 p. rn. 
_ 

A K C Reg. Sam oyed M ale, E xc. 
Bloodlines, good natured, intel­ ligent. All shots, w orm ed. M u st 
Sell. 656-1842 
A K C Reg. SI. B e rn a rd at Stud. 
Call anytime. 349-9589. 
A KC S A M O Y E D P U P S 
Shots, wormed 1-358-38o1 

Persian Kittens, Chinchilla Silver, 
Purebred Reg A C F A 496-3893 

G U E R N S E Y 
B U L L 
A N D 
C A L V E S . 
_________ C A L L 626-272o__________ 
16 hand gelding-big, gentle, faith­ ful grey 494-6o9o; 699-3241. 
H A Y Delivered 
I 685-3361, I 997-3767 
H O R SE A U C T IO N 
Sunday, M ay I at 1PM 
All ki’nds of horses and new and used tack. C o n sig n m e n ts w e l­ come. Somers! Livestock Sales, 
622-9216. 

Stall’s For Rent, 25 acres of horse traits, 3 stocked tan ks, h o rse s bought and sold. Hom e; 657-o517, 
Ranch; 628-1367._________ 
Will gentle, break and put a rein on your colts. Also roping Horse j for sale 696-2187; 696-2147 aft 6 
14 Y e a r old iro n g r a y W elch 
Pony-Gelding. 12.1 Hands. E xp e r­ ienced show hunter, can be ridden western and will pull a cart. Aus- tin, 512-476-o786 or 476-7143 

You’ll Like Our Price 
F or farm, ranch 15 deg cooler, and we b u i'd fast C all Sturdy 
Structures. 494 33)8 
3 Young Nurse Cows fresh with baby calves. 734-532o can del 

FOR RENT 
H ourly or daily Auditorium and 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location, great for music, clubs, p a rtie s, w e d d in g re c e p tio n s, m e e tin g s of all k in d s 
C a ll 
344-4539. N e ar N orth Star and 
Central Park Mall. 

H O R S E S F o r Sa le . R e g o n d 
Grade. 222-87o9,__________________ 

2 yr old A Q H A Reg 
648 o117 otter 5 p rn 
Stud Black. 

 forties 
• 
822-9281 
Macdona M o n Sate 

A K C Samoyed female 4 yrs. 315o. 
922-3963 

AKC SCOTTIES 
681-12o3 

Precious Pefc-a-poo* Blk- Stiver 
6wks. 828-3723; 828 X448__________ 
Puppies, ' i b o b e rm o n , '» G e r­ man Shephard, 5 weeks, 922-17oo 
Purebred Collie P u p p ie s 6 w ks 
$65 Cosh only. 673-4732.__________ 

E very Sat 12 Neon, Cattle, sheep, goats, horses 12 mi. S W. S.A. 
Farm Rd. 2173, Macdona, Tx. 

7 YR. O L D Block Reg. Tennessee 
W alkin g P le a su re G elding. On sm a ll sid e , im p o rte d fro m 
Alabama. Top Breeding- Midnight 
S u n -M e rry Boy. $1,25o. Can be seen at B u sb y Stables, IR IO N 
Call Brenda al 734-6*77 

942 • FARM EQUIPMENT & 

A K C ST Bernard at Stud 
349-9589 anytim e______ 
A KC ST B E R N A R D IO mos 
$75_______________________ 653-1743 
A K C Toy poodles. 2 males, 9 wks", all shots, must go 922-1453 
A K C W e im aran e r P u p s 8 w ks. 
349-3o8! after 6p.m 

Reg. Cocker Spaniel Puppies 
433-42»3______________ | 
Registered block-tan A iredale, j 
I ’ j years, $125. (512) 363 7494 
R EG . Qtr Horse 2 yr old Gelding. 
Y e a rlin g F itly . S u p e rb youth 
Hatter and P e rfo rm a n c e P r o ­ spects. Best Bloodlines. 679-7665 I after 5 
. I 

F E N C IN G , Barbed wire. P rivacy cedar. 
Any type. 
534-5344, 
337-4334 

S IA M E S E K IT T E N S $15 
649-2184 

FORD TRACTORS 
8N and 9N with new and used im­ plements. F in a n cin g available. 
37o8 S Flores 

Tiny Yorkshire Puppies 52oo. Also 
6 yr Dog. Must Sell. 673-2515 
W ANT AN A K C D O G ? 

F O R D 
T R A C T O R 
8oo, 
G a s 
Pow ered, shredder, backbiade, good cond. Also 9N with Shredder. 
494-6992 
W ire H aired T e rrie r baby 
S A Dog Breeders Referral Ser- 
■ 
"c h a rro style saddle: 
, Ch. Bloodline; exc. child’s : vice will put youim.touch with a f 
GutierFez: 
A K C pups pets even tempered From 5125 
Colonies No. 696-2237. 
A K C Y O R K IE S 
Accepting deposits on 7 week old moles-females. 824-4327 
A K IT A P U P P IE S , sell! 656-1517 
Leaving m ust 

A m e rica n Field T ria l Ch. 
Eng. Setters. Vac. 826-7788. 
A o r o ii I c 
S ia m e s e k itte n s, | bluepoints, Sealpomts $25 654-6347 

 n e a rb y re p u ta b le b re e d e r. 
494-7787, 673-46o3.________________ 
White Male Spitz, I yr $25. Grey female German Shepherd, 3 mos 
$25. Coll 696-4714_________________ 
Whole litter OI puppies found on side of expressway, want a good home for them Can be seen at 
2oo2 Breeden. 732-7165.____________ ll wk old G e rm a n S h e p h e rd 
Pups, AKC, papers $35. 333-5o42. 

432-95o9 
Hay Equipm ent. B aler, M ow er, 
C onditioner ond T ra c to r. 197* 
Models Sell I or all. Exc. cond. 
684-9894 
H E S T O N S T A C K H A N D IO, like new $425o 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Sieves 

926 MACHINERY TOOLS 
932 AUCTION SALE 

Baldw in Zodiac O rga n , Syn th e ­ sizer, 2 y rs old, 826-o356, $1395 
C L E V E L A N D s in g le F re n c h 
Horn, $125. B E S S O N Euphonium , 
$45o. Y A M A H A F re n c h H o rn , 
$65o S IL V E R T O N E g u ita r and amp., $7o. 494-5725 
C R IT C H E T T P IA N O CO 
No Time Limit on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Pion 
19o7 W.Woodlawn 
H M B I t 
O R U M S E T 
532-8o38 
F a sc in a tin g old E n g lis h se m i grand piano bv John Broodw ood and Sons. Approx. IOO yrs. old. 
$65o. 344 oo23. 

Grand Piano 
1895, Fischer Piano Co. Com ple- tely restored 828-2766 

AIR COMPRESSORS 
NEW 
Tank M o u n te d w ith 
Factory G u a ra n te e . 
5 H P .................. $ 87o. 
IO H P ................. 5138o. 
2o H P ................. 52465 

Other Sizes also Available 
Call Us far flee. Hoists, Overhead 
Cranes, flee. meters. 
W.M. SMITH EIEC. CO. 
318 E. Nakoma 
494-18o1 

AC m od el 45 m o t o r g r a d e r , 
B E D E L built b o rin g m achine, 
Verm eer T -6oo ditcher, 1966 White 
54 yd. tandem dump. Ferguson 3 ton compactor. Call Canyon Lake 
512-899-2698 ofter 6pm. 

........ a»»................................................... a—■' —■ 
“ fSTATi AUCTlSSf 
SafOrday, April 3o, 113o p.m. 
315 kivas St. 
A.M. McNael (Deceased) 
Asphalt end Paving Ca. ill* will m dudf ID 9 Intim ations! 
C.owltr toad!, luM4o:»r. milk I , »d. tMKkil Issdtr, (sm plsttly svtrksvici 
. and in ic t H s n t tondilisn 
2 cron*: dragline with oil altoclim snls tetra boom twee! boil ond burbolt, both with 3o it bnems, I in • srallin l c a rb ­ ine) conditions. 
3 ton trotter, with winch and ii tm traitor, plus dump 
Truck, loiters, oipnoil oovf,s ond IOO 
Giber related bond loots, welders, etc 
Cell 342-4122 tor mere informehon. fveryihin* will tell to highest bidder 
(without reservations 
JOHN JONES Auctionear 
Ti-Cr-77 oo29, J behn t Assot. 
' 
SEE Clots. 928 far Detail! 

HIG H C L E A R A N C E Diesel Trac­ tor*: 57 Up *625o 
3o hp *395o. 
Equipped tor front m ounted cul­ tivators and bedder*. D O D G E N 
EQ. CO., 8223 5. Presa. 532-4151 
4o3 I.H. C om b in e . E x c concT 
379-27o6 Seguin ofter 6 p.m. ____ 
International diesel form tractor, with front end loader and equip­ ment, $4,85o. 735-45o3, t-538-2o19. 

John Beam Sprayer 
3oo gal. T railer m ounted PT O. 
Pum p driven with hose, head and sp ra y boom . B a rg a in at $1)5o. 
695-89o5; 695-32o$. 
4o1o : 4o2o JO H N D E E R E 
Diesel, 534-67)1 

Hammond B l O rgan with Leslie speaker 684-4999; 69o-o77o 
H am m on d O rg a n M odel M and 
Leslie Speaker, M odel 9oo. re a ­ sonable call 828-3777 after 6pm 
Large Selection of Antique 
P L A Y E R P IA N O S 
E D G A ID A ’S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO. 
28o6 N. Flores 
733-1546 

C A S E 1969 58o tractor, loader, backhoe, good operatn g co n d i­ tion. 565oo 
C A S E 1972 58oB tractor, louder backhoe, direct drive tra n sm is­ sion, excellent condition *11,25o 
C A S E 1972 S8oB tractor, loader, backhoe, pow er shuttle, torque converter, excellent condition, 
$11,5oo 
Call T h o m a s M c C a b e 923-4353, 
G irard M achinery A Supply 3428 
Roosevelt Ave, Sen Antonio 

I------ 

 r 

M A S S E Y 
F E R G U S O N 
H a y 
Baler* and Hay Equipm ent on 
Sate 
D IE T Z T R A C T O R CO. 
522 IH IO, Seguin 
_____________658-1288 
1965 Moline Tractor. 65 HP, good condition. 1-78o-3584_____________ 
N E W H O L L A N D Self Propelled 
B a te r. 
N e e d s s o m e r e p a ir. 
Generally good condition. 52995. 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO 
$33-5145 
739 Sieves 

'C a s e ' u n lo a d e d *35oo. E a p t. trailer *75o-684-33oo 

 wig e, Hi piece, High hat cym bals, 2o-22" cym bal* Com pete set, *575 best 
Offer 1-379-3299 1-379-2313 

Luxurious Velvet 
Herculon or Naugahyde 
Sofas 

$ 1 o o . 
Loveseat 
$ 75 , 
Chair* $ 5 o , Table* $ 1 7 each, 
Qinette 
$ 5 5 , 
Bedroom bet 
Com plete 
$ 1 2 5 , 
C an 
Deliver. 
Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349 4177. 

New bas* cabinet, 2 15' speakers, 
$199 2, 13’ Toms, 13 and 16' Toms, with 
Ludwig floor stand, 
$99. 
734 5665 
N ew P ia n o , S to ry a n d C la r k , 
Pecan Finish, $12oo. Call Between 
8-3pm 684-8884. 

M s Air Compressor 
25 horse C98 ModeOO-998. S. N. 
1o976 2 yrs old. New Price *615o 
This m achine is in excellent cond. 
$265o. 
Can deliver. 
695-89o5; 
695-32o5. 

AUTO AUCTION 
Sot. May 7th I PM 

Over IOO cars, trucks, and vans consigned. Open lo public and dealers. 

ALAMO AUTO AUCTION 
33oo S.W. MILITARY 
924-6469 

Floyd Hall Aud. TX-GS 77-o268 

R O C K P IC K E R , h yd ra u lic con­ trol lift 23o1 NogalltOS, 534-671) 
S T E E L B U IL D I N G S , F a rm , 
R a n ch E a u ip . H a y and H o rse 
Barns. Pipe Pens. 337-6931 day* or mtes. 

T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
739 Steves 
533-5145 
T O W N E R M O B O A R D Hydraulic 
Rollover 3 bottom plow, 3 pf hoa- kup. $375 695-9218. 
T R E N C H IN G : IOO It - 1o,ooo ft w a te rlin e * and b u rie d ca b le t. 
337-8oo). 8 am 
IO pm. 
2 W H E E L STO C K T R A IL E R $3Si. 
Call 655-oo87 

'K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A L E S " 
Grover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston, tx. 
TKGC-77-o154 
S A. Office: 11o31 W ye Drive 
Allen Howell (512) 656-113o 

Organ, Gulbranscn Pacem aker. 4 m os old. Cost $2995. M ake offer. 
696-73o2 
O R G A N S and P IA N O S R E N T E D option to buy-no time limit 
Dacbert’s M usic Plaza 
14oo N O G A LIT O S 
223-6151 
5235 W A L Z E M R D 
654 6661 
PIA N O , D ark m ahogany, splnnet, 
C la w -c a rv e d le g s, m a t c h in g bench. A sking $85o. 656-889o or 
822-1294 

Karotkins Downtown Thrift 
Basement, New-used furniture 
231 j.C o m melee, 227-6361 
L A C K 'S Discount W arehouse 
Used Furniture and Appliance* 
943 C O L IS E U M DR. 
225-7444 

D a m ag e d 12x24 g a r a g e h e a vy duty terms, free delivery 732-517) 
Dam aged lO xij portable storage bldg, terms, tree del. 924-5oo3. 
D am aged 8*1o, 1ox12 port, stor- ope bldg, tree del, term s, 653-8Ut. 

5 piece living room. $99.95. Office desks, $99,95. Bedroom set with mattress and spring, $179.95. 
Fawcett Furniture 
416 Doloroso, 227-4512 
U N IT E ?) 
D IS C O U N T 
F U R N IT U R E 
Ne. I ................ 1o4 E. L A M A R 
No. 2 ... 1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fine Furniture ■ Fraction af retail 
THI N U M oIB TO C A II 
!5 225-1666 tXPRfSS AND N IWS 

R H Y T H M B O X 
538-4o38 
Storey £lork alec organ, self-con­ tained 
“Le slie " speaker, 
$375. 
496-3226 
T reynor B a ss M a ste r head and cabinet. 3 4 9 - 8 7 9 6 . ___________ 
M usical 
Unredeemed 
Instrum ents 
Am erican Loan Co 227-8572 

'64 Dodge Dum a Truck, 2 ' j Tons, 
(I) 3 axle trailer low boy, '6o 81o 
John Deere tractor with bucket. 
M ust Sacrifice for *13,2oo. Coll 
Offer 6pm 667-1o1o or 473-o473 
F O R D M O D E L 45oo T r a c t o r 
Loader 
Backhoe. 
Excellent 
Condition 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
739 Steves 

ICS ■ PERSONALS_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
^ ^ E M A I^ ^ S o » n o le ^ !v S n te d ^ ^ ly , 
Side of town. Call Patty from 9 to 
3, 432-o911. 

938 POULTRY BABBITS BEES 
C H i C K E N T 'P o i T H r i V s W a p f or help' wTtk moth, jh e m ls fr y , 

FO R H E L P with cm unwed preg­ nancy, coll Edna G iadnry Home, 
Pl Worth, t x I 8oo 792 '1o4 

M E E T O P E N A G A IN . L a y in g 
Hens $1.5o aa. *26-2174. biology. 927-4894 Private tutor. 

942 -Farm 

Fo r Sale; Forklift, C la rk U sed 
1967 6ooo1b solid rubber tires, new paint, 13o ’ HH, IP * $4ooo 226-8271. 
26 H Y D R A U L IC T R E N C H J A C K S 
224-6162 
__________ _ ludustrial forklift truck, 15.ooo lb capacity. New motor. Excellent condition. 658 9o6o or t-379-8333 n i g h t s __________________________ 
Large portable sign, t x/ 
*2oo coll 658-1o71 Otter 5pm 
Portable 2oo am p.Lincoln Welder with trailer Excellent condition. 
658-9o6o or 1-379-8333 nights 

Wurhtzer Spinet O rgon $8oo. 
___________ 455-o744_____________ 
Wurtlitzer organ. 2 keyboards, 13 pedals, 21 stops. Perfect con d i­ tion. 337-67** or 333-6o51 
_______ 

B IG R O U N D Boier-Dem g! *485o 
Used Windrower $25oo New Bale 
L o a d e rs $75o. E W A L D F O R O 
T R A C T O R S , 
IH -tO H w y 46, 
Seguin, Tx 1-379-4591.__________ _ 

CATTIE TRAILERS 
43 ft douole deck Am erican - 4o ft 
Single deck Nabors, straight air, 
4 o % R u b b e r. B a r g a in . $2ooo. 
695-89o5; 695-32o5. 

••FARM TRACTORS” 
I M inneapolis M etine with 4 It shredder and 2 bottom M oboord plow $15oo. 
•GARDEN TRACTORS# 

N E E D H E L P * Want to talk it out? 
Write, M r. Listener. P R IV A T E , 
C O N P t O E N T IA L , 
U N D E R ­ 
ST A N D IN G . Get It oft your chest. 
Send name, telephone ne., and time to coll tor appointment to M r. 
Listener, PO Box 32591, San An­ tonio, Tx 78216. M in um um rates, 
$5o per hr. 
R o o m m a te n e e d e d to s h o re apartm ent? 3 4 4 - t $ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

187 - BUSINESS PERSONALS 

" a W w TaT V s A G E outside city, open 7 days 'til 2am. 
Prof m asseuses. 1223o IH35 N. between O'Conner A Judson R d* 
F O X Y L A D Y E sc o rt ond Photo | 
Studio. 349-8971, 12 to 12. 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

Gold Card Mem bership Thousand 
Oaks Country Club 494 2286. 
Jiffy P re ss instant Printing 
A full service print snop near you! 
1*o6 McCullough 6211 San Pedro 
17o1 SW Military Or. 
42o9 Fredericksburg Rd 
226 E Rhapsody at San Pedro 
LA L A S B O U T IQ U E 
Spring and Sum m er Sale 
Valley Park Shopping Center 
E ve rt Rd and Wurzboch________ 
PUBLIC AUCTION 
It vou have a car or truck to sell 
Sat MOV 7th I P M coll 924-6469 
A L A M O A U T O A U C T IO N 
33oU S W M IL IT A R Y DR 
S O U R C E S O F F R F E P R O D U C T S 
A N D IN F O R M A T IO N from 2o2 agencies. S u b le ct* of health, finances, safety, hobbies, b u sin e ss, e m p lo y m e n t, m a n y m ore! F o r ad ditional in fo rm a hon: Triangle Enterprises. Box 
2743, Dept B-2o2, Harlingen, T X 

I 7,55o 
' TACO A N T IQ U E S B E E R ! 
Brackenridge Pork across (rom 
Polo Grounds. 37o9 N. St. M a ry's. 
732-o31o 

LO ST O U R L E A S E 
The Body Shoppe M assage Studio will close A p ril 3o We w ish to 
Thank our m any custom ers tor their patronage. 17*33 Blanco Rd. 
492-2oo1 
M A S S A G E S 
736-o41) 
P E D D L E R S Special M a ssa g e s 
1o:3o A M o 5 PM. 49'.-299« 
' j Price Rubbs 7 pm to « am of 
P A R IS R U B S . 492-2994 

Top cash paid tor your old new­ spapers ond corrugated 815 Ce- ralvo a ABC O P A P E R STO CK 
2x3 H O M E G A R D E N A F L O W E R 
M A S L A W N S U P P L IE S IN C . 
S P R IN K L E R S Y S T E M S IC. INC. 
A 
C o m p le te 
L a w n 
S u p p ly 
H ouse............ M o o e rs. E d g e rs, 
F e rtilize r, In se cticid e s, S p r in ­ klers, PVC Pioche Pipe, Fittings, 
V a lv e s o n d 
M o re ............. 
" W E 'R E N O T S A T IS F IE D U N ­ 
L E S S YO U A R E 

ScientHic-Protesslonal 
D A T IN G S E R V IC E 
M atchm oker inc. 344-11 IS 
S U P E R M A S S A G E S 
By Foxy, Jet Setters. Call M ist 
36-22-36.' 492-2994 

111- ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE 

O io 3 e i^ o u ro w n llig h t! BusineSEj $16,5oo trips, tithing trips, you nam e it, I we ll tty it! 1-8*6-3471_____________ 

SATURDAY TOURS 

A MAJOR 
ESTABLISHED 
9o,ooo sq. ft. discount store with groceries desires to lease the following dept*: 
Furniture, Carpet and tile, nursery, home improvement*, point ond hardware, piece good*, pet shop, photo studio, cord ond smoke shop, loon compony and 
Pharm ocy 
S h o r t t e r m le a s e a t r e a s o n a b l e r e n t s w it h o p t io n s . 
Reply to IXPRISS-NIWS 

P . o . B o X 2 t t f l - 

KON TIKI MOTEL 
COFFEE SHOP 

For R o o t 
35o EAST AVIATION 
UNIVERSAL CITY 

For information call 
Mrs. {Hie Potts, Manager 
6 5 8 - 4 6 4 6 

“Automotive Repair Center 
6 stalls, 2 offices, waiting room 
Now in operation. 
Excellent gross.533-o164____________________ 
B A R B E R SH O P for sale 
_________ 9o7 S B R A Z O 
B a rb e r Shop, estoblit a bu it- ness, prefer retired person, also 
Hair styling. 
Reasonable. 
926-4668. 
B E A U T Y SA LO N 
A ll e q u ip m e n t, e s ta b lis h e d clients. Extrem ely good location. 

1o8-LOST AND FOUND 

Fo u n d ; B lue P a rake e t, O lm os 
Park, Tues. April 26, Very tame, 
824-5261. 
^ound: male G erm an Shepherd, older dog, black and ton. 696-21o6 
( can bela you find your lost p p I 
736-29o8 
L A R G E R E C A R D For return of gold watch. Lost at L a Villita, 
Wed night, April 21 732-3573 
Lost black and tan Germ an She­ p h e rd a n d S ilv e r 4 m o old 
W eimaraner. Reward. 344 1532 or 
732-6952 
LO ST black and white dog, med size, wtrev hair, named 
Lucky". 
Vicinity of Hildebrand-San Pedro. 
Rabies tag 
2251. 
R E W A R D ! 
733-7489 
LO ST Block wallet containing ID card and Cash. April 22, JOO blk of 
Housfon-Trovis. 
R E W A R D , 
826 865o 
LOST B O W M A R C A L C U L A T O R 
R E W A R D ! 473-3571 
L O S T : B rin d le d fem ale m utt 
N e e d s m e d ic in e . R E W A R D ! 
735-5333 491-4874 
LO ST D O G ’ Strayed Wed. Apr. 2o near Broadw av-Loop 41o. Large brown-white fem ale B A S S E T T . 
Fam ily pet. 824-765o 
-----------------------------------------5TacIT 
L O S T DO G! 3 yr old male 
L a b w ith red c o lla r. V ic in ity 
Shenandoah. R E W A R D ! Please call *96o159 or 496-8529 
L O S T : G e rm a n w ire h a ire d 
Pointer, b row n-w hite m ingled. 
R E W A R D ! 344 1o6o______________ 
Los! Gold bracelet, H E B on Mom 
Ave. 
Sat 
227-9225 
L O S T : Lad le 

23, 
Good 
Rew ard 

 signet rin g with 
P 5 " lost in W indsor Pork initials 
Mall, lf Found Coll 826-4o37 
L O S T large yellow fluffy cat 
V ic in A tv of D e v in e Rd. On medication. 
M issin g 
2 wk*. 
886-8721 
_______ 
Lott: Lg Blk Puppy, mixed breiT, white chest, red ce llar, N orfh- wood-Eisenhauer 
Rd 
Area 
826 252o. 
LO ST: mole yellow L A B red coi 
(ar. 

E S C O R T E D 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E D 
M O T O R CO ACH 
Leave S A. 8 3oam 
Return 6pm 
$1o P E R P E R S O N 
Tour No I Austin 
Tour No. J L B J Ranch 
For reservations call 
828 9123 
68) 22o5 

118 - LODGE NOTICES 

B l U e W n N E T LO D G E NO 1219, 
A F A A M , 27o1 ' j S. P r e s a a n ­ nounces with sorrow the death of 
Bro. George O. Johnsen Lodge will open af I P M Saturday April 
3o for anteburtai servicer, with religious services al 9 P M ai the 
Oellcrest Funeral Home. Visiting 
M atter M asons Invited. M em bers urged to offend. M arion G. Pope, 
Jr.. W.M.; Lou Candy, Sec.______ 
K E L L Y 
L O D G E 
N o 
1131, 
A F & A M , 2736n W So u th cro ts. 
Called Comm Saturdoy Aprii 3o 
1977, 1st 39th M a so n ic D istrict 
Annual B S Q on A. L. M cD o n ald 's 
R a n ch near A ta sco sa , Texas. 
Follow the signs on lH-1o South, or on F M 2536 South. (I) M M Degree at 9:3o AM . B S Q and Fellowship, 
12 noon-on. All m aster M a so n s urged to attend M arion G. Pope, 
Jr., W M.; Lou Candy, Sec, 

12o - BIDS & PROPOSALS 

NOTICE FOR BIDS 

The Commi$$»on«r of th© General land Office, Hie School land Board and the Boards for Uose of various other 
State (and* will receive teated b»d$ of the General land Office in Austin, Ten­ et*, until 1 o o o AM., June 7, J977, for oil ond ga$ fesses on land* owned by 
♦he State and on land* owned by or*ou) deportment* of the State. 

 tref* ond other detail* ore available cmd may be obtained by writing 
Bob A rm strong 
C om m issioner of the 
G eneral la n d Office 
Austin, Texas 7 8 7 o 1 . 

Loop 
R E W A R D ! 824 3848 
4 1 o -B ro a d w a v . 

L O S ? ! H *d C lu tch P u rse , lo , 
Credit Cards, Pictures, It Found, 
Pleose Coll; 333-5383.____________ 
L O i T W o o d la w n h il ls areaT 
Porthole hardtop to ‘5* T-Btrd- 
Generous reward. 434-4o*8, 
M U * T fcoET I g f A n y' o n F 'w^ attended m eeting tar A lfo n so 
F ederal De Pueb los L ib re *, on 
Sat. April 16, at Mex.-Am. Cultur al Center. Pleose Coll 434 291* 
Poodle- type dog lost in vicinity of 
Gill Rd- Fred ricksb urg Rd fluffy black- white m arkings. 25 lb 
828-4793 
$3o R E W A R D ! L o st f^ri. A M . 

 proposal! will i me 
Beard 
Seated re ce iv e d b y the 
B e a r d el 
T rustee* e t the N orth 
{ a it In ­ d e p e n d e n t School District far H i! fo llo w in g 
Item , el tho lim e ! shaw n; 
L IST E N IN G 
SK ILLS 
M O O R A M 
. 
2 :3 o p.m., Tuesday. M a y 3, 1977 
B A N O IN S T R U M E N T S - 3 :3 o p.m., 
T uesday, M a y 3. 1977 
Q T M SU IT S - 1 1:oo a.m.. W ed­ n e sd a y , M a y 4 , 1 977 
A W A R D 
JACKETS 
. 
2 :o o p.m.. 
W e d n e sd a y , M a y 4, 1977 
V O C A T IO N A L tO U IP M IN T . 2:o o p.m., T u e sd ay, M a y IO , 1977 
B id fo rm s m a y bo p ic k e d up prior to b id o e p n in g in the office of rho director et Purchasin g, N . I. I.S O,, 
1 o 3 3 3 tr e e d w ay , to n Antonio, 
T exas. 

M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2*21 
B E A U T Y SH O P O P E R A T O R S 
Now you can have a beauty shop 
: in your home on same cases. Buy all the equipm ent you need tar j $175o or best otter. P o co. 64*9 
Old Hwy 9o West, 673-2S73 or 
; 533-9o98. j B O E R N E - C o in L a u n d r y . B u y 
1 equipment. Lease building. 1976 g r o s s in c o m e *3o,ooo 
C a ll 
684-2o51 after SP M and weekends. 
B U Y TH IS E S T A B L IS H E D G IF T 
SH O P and be your own boss, lf * a going business. Call Bill Kem ble 
: 342-2876 or 
349-1438 Anytim e 
BASSE-WEIIBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S _______ 
Dam aged bldg 8x16,12x24, 14>co terms tree del 732-317) 
D R Y C L E A N E R S Goad location. 
Selling due to illness. 223-1o13 
Established plant store in N 'E a st 
San Antonio. Good location. Colt 
6*8 9188 Otter S P M _______ ________ 
F O R S A L E 
IN D IL L E Y , C E N T E R O F T H E 
SO U TH T E X A S O IL 
E X P L O R A T IO N A R E A 
Esta b lish e d a n sw e rin g se rvice with room on switchboard tor growth. 
24 room Hotel with dining room and bui station 
S m a ll c o n c re te 
B lo c k a ir conditioned building 
Lots or acreage on Interstate 3$ access road lf you ore considering storting a new business or relocating, this it i a fast-growing area with unltmitd opportunity 
(N E Z A S H E R 
965-65*2 
Dilley, Texas 78o17 
G A R A G E ond A U T O P A R ^ S 
Owner retiring, will s e ll'» an acre with 2 buildings of tine Southside location. At a v e ry re ason ab le price. For appt, coll 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 

GROW PLANTS 
G row subtropical plonl* for our w holesale n u rse ry. We tu p lv a j greenhouse, pots, plants, com - 
I plete training; E v e ry th in g you need to convert extra tim e into extra income. M in im u m capital 
$299o. M r O w ens, P O B o x 521, 
L e w isv ille . 
T X 
75o67. 

4-22-77, sm a ll B ro w n ish - block m alt Chihuahua T g rritr, I'a m i, 
Se. et B ro u n in g L a k e an I H 37 
Sou tx W ggring brown flea cellar 
621-24o4 or $32-45o4 
_____ 

Yam aha Tenor Sax- case $2oo 
822-7798 

924 • NURSERIES. GARDEN 

G re e n h o u s e Sa le , 8x4. 8x12. terms, free del. 924-5oo3 

U S E D E Q U IP M E N T 
FO R S A L E O R R E N T 
! I Parsons SO Trencher 
| 2 Parsons 75 Trenchers 
; I P a rs o n s 25$ T re n c h e r, 18ft 
I deep, 24 in. wide. 
I Allied 7ooo-B H oRam 
I John Deere 35o-B loader 
5 portable hydraulic power units, mounted 58’sb I • A llis Chalm ers 
I ll G P M , 15oo P SI 
! Model A Wide frontend power ta- t Used Asphalt d rag box xeott and new tires $95o. 
12V. H O L O E N 
M a c h in e r y & E a . C o 
1723 Broadway, 826-63)4 
695-9218 
695-32o5 

I - Infernal onal M odel 4o4, 3 pf hookup with 5 ft sh re d d e r and c u ltiv a to r SH O O 
I • F o r m a l: 
M o d e l B w ith new t ire s. S ft shredder $14oo. I - Allis Chalm ers 
M o d e l B, w ide fro n te n d , w ith power takeoff C o rd w ood saw 

FREE 
WATERBEDS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 
Given by the Foxiest G irls in Sap 
Antonio Best place to Relax and unwind. "Fe e l Better F a st". Out­ side City Limits. Open 18:3o am to lam Big D iscounts' North Side 
P A R IS 
B U B B , 
492-2994 
E SC O R T S. 

IID SPECIAL NOTICES i r e i m T i j 'i r - 
- 
A ir co n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in gs, receptions, dane**, etc. Holds up ta 45o peop le. G re a t e r S A 
Builder Assoc. *925 N.W. IM-IC 
696 3*o8. 
Almost Free Tronspartaiion 
, 
For Details Coll, 224-2221. 

ALVAREZ CAFE 
G R A N O O P E N IN G W E E K 
3735 S W M I U T A R Y 927-9o84 
M ary Lou Alvarez 
M anage r 

S e a le d bld p r o p o s a ls w ill be received bv the San Antonie in ­ dependent School District on the following 
Bid Na. 77 87 
Protection Lam ps 
Bid Opening: 1o:3o AM , M a y 14, 
1977 

Bid No. 77-89 
Boiler Replacement 
Bid O penm ?:: 2:3o PM, M a y I*. 
1977 

Bid No. 77-9o 
Fire Suppression System 
Bid opening 3 PM . M ay I*, 1977 

Bid No. 77-91 
Sewing Machines 
Bid Opening: IO.JO AM , M a y 12, 
1977 

Bid Na. 77-92 
TV Tables 
Bid Opening: 2 

(214)436-7o98 

 r i i GL w e l l~ k 'n '6 w f7 * S uces v fill, N orthside discatheaue. Con buy business and fixtures. R co sanobte term s on b u ild in g and property. W ill tra d e fo r other property or what have vou. D a y s 
341-8134 
E v e s a n d w e e k e n d s 
494-3229 'i K ’t 
Like new >6x16 field office, term's^ tree delivery 924-5oo3. 
L IQ U O R S T O R E B u sin e ss exceh lent. Low overhead. Ow ner selling due to ill health. Operation suitu ble for mon ond wile. 633-9721 
L IQ U O R S T O R E -G o o d location. 
N West. M a k in g m oney. O w ner selling due to ether b u sin e ss in- forests coll 684-7211 or 684-4512 

MICROWAVE OVEN 
F ra n c h ise $5ooo p lu s in v e ste d tu rn ke y o p e ra tio n 
U n lim ite d potential M u st le a ve a re a by 
June I, 1977. WHI sacrifice . In- quire 655-6581 
Own Your Own B u sin e ss" (Albite 
Auto Stores, 391o Call Field R d 
Wichita Falls, Tx (817)692-341o 
P L A N T A N D G IF T S H 6 p " " ' 
N E, Under $5,ooo 
655 5484 or 455-4822 

SIG N B U S IN E S S with $3o,o8o In equipment and inventory. Y e arly profits over $28,ooo. *35,oo9 cash 
N .White, C o sh C o r ry Sign Co.,. 
(IOO Barton S p rin g s Rd. Austin,' 
Tx. 472 64o3 

 s p E c iA L iT v T T N G e f c it i n o F large repeat business. Seller will train buyer. $18,ooo. 
R O SSI R E A L T Y ________ 494-7781 

P a g e 
! T F - F 
S a n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y A p r il 3 o 1 9 7 7 

11o SPECIAL WoTICES 
HO SPECIALJiOTICES 
__ 
LlOJSPECIAt NOTICtS 
HO - SPECIAL NOTICES 
1HLSPECIAL NOTICES 
11O-SPECIAL NOTICES 
1ToSPEC1AL WflllCES 
11o-SPECUL IWTICeS 

 ome lower & arden 

I Space c Aye 

6Planter 
885-72o4 

R e d w o o d *3 n ip orts 

* 'N 

 m pi 

B u r t Sculpture 

Furniture 

A 
*T-1 

22oo 
Irving Blvd. 
DALLAS, TEX. 

JI. 

214 /74 2-89 3o 

AM ERICA* 
ATHLETIC CO. 

QI ALITY HEALTH AM) FITNESS PROM CTS 

• WHIRLPOOL • 

• SAUNSA • 

• PHYSICAL FITNESS EQUiPT • 

• TREADMILLS • 

• ROWING MACHINE • 

• BENCH MATES • 

• EXERCISE BIKES • 

• MINI GYMS • 

5431 BIANCO ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX. 
733-944o 

Decorator Telephones from: 

Southwestern Bell 

Great 

Gift Ideas 

For 
Mothers 
Day 

 rn rn 

Clean 

# 
Fresh 

AREO 
HYDRO 
342-5226 

I C 
K 
S T 
O 
N 
E J ^ p A i 

BRIMSTONE 
MAKES 
THE 
DIFFERENCE 

Be Thrifty . . . Be Proud 

. . . Be Prudent. . . be 

Wise . .. Brickstone-ue! 

1,226-2632 

ALCO 

Pest Control Co. 

Serving San 

Antonio 

Since 1959 

735-4921 
225-o526 

APRIL 
* 3oth 
I P.M. lo IO P.M. 

A N D 
MAY 
1st 
I P.M. lo 7 P.M. 

X rn 

DAVIS BUILDING MATERIALS INC. 
CONTOUR T-LOK SOLID VINYL SIDING 

New Beauty ... Greater Impact Resistance ... New Colors 
527 Meerschiedt 532-5257 

A BERNING 
SPECIAL FOR MOM 

The New Bernina is Equipped with 

Electronic Needle Power 

Come in for a free demonstration on the 

 most creative machine made 

BERNINA SEWING CENTER 

I 14o9 WEST AVE. 
344-3766 

S o l a r s p h e r e 

 r n : 

?~i'{ 

 r n xii 

Harmony Hills Garden 
Center 
11754 West Avenue 
349-4632 

Natural Creations 

6828 Bandera Hwy. 

681-2111 

INTRODUCING 

JOHNS 
WELDING & 
CONSTRUCTION 
512/651-6298 

M 
1 
X 
1 
M 
O 
T 
O 
R 
H 
O 
M 
E 
S 
A 
L 
E 
! 

— 
I t ' J 
M 
M 
K 
S I 

 n .in i!..» 
, 

4 BROUGHAMS 
4 COUNTRY SQUIRES 

SELECT FROM 8 FLOOR PLANS IN LENGTHS FROM 2o TO 23 FEET 
AND BROWN, GREEN, GOLD, OR RUST COLOR COORDINATED 
MOTOR HOMES. 

734-5131 
ONE BLOCK WEST Of 
-FREDERICKSBURG ROAD. 

38o2 N.W. Loop 41o 

M & S 

LAWN SUPPLIES INC. 

SPRINKLER SYSTEMS INC. 

A complete Lawn Supply House ... 

Mowers, Edgers, Fertilizer, Insecticides, Sprinklers, 

PVC Plastic Pipe, Fittings, Valves and M ore... 

“WE'RE NOT SATISFIED UNLESS YOU AR E” 

 ft#!!?: 

A 

Thermostatically Controlled 
Air Ventilating System 

N 
A 
V 
E 

A 
N 

M 
E 
C 
H 

A 
N 
2 5 % 

 of your utility bills by using energy 1 o o % free of cost 
UTILITY SAVINGS 
Association Inc. 
414 W . Rhapsody 
349-4219 

 kJfiotfiQr's $)au 

FLOWERS 

AIDA CREATIONS 
Flower; & Gifts for M other 

46oo STANCO 
344-7o14 
I 7 

H A W A IIA N 
F L O W E R S H O P 
Distinctive flowers for everyon e's mother. 
1933 BROADWAY 
223-8224 

A B R FLORAL DESIGNS 
C m W ID E DELIVER Y 

115 GOLIAD RD. 
532-7847 

OPEN SUNDAY 8-1 P.M. 

HENRY’S FLOWER SHOP 
FTO & EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS 
21 IO BROADWAY 
226-6343 

CAUTHORNS 
F L O W E R S & G IF T S 

2o21 SAN PEDRO 
736-4411 
P la c e y o u r a d ca ll 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

KAUSER FLORAL CO. 
"Service & Devotion you can trust ' 

1722 [.COMMERCE 
227-6271 

THE FLOWER BASKET 
Floral Gifts of love for Mother 
6932 S.W. Military 
674-89S3 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

EXCELLENT WASHATERIA 
N e a r b a te . g r o t . $ 3 o ,o o o yr. 2 o m ach in e*, 12 d ryers, $ 8 ,o o o dn. 

TINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
O w n e r 12 yrs., G r o ts $ 1 2 o ,o o o . 
N e tt $ 2 7 ,o o o yr. G o o d p e rk in g. 
$ 3 5 3 )o o . Term s. 

BUSY COFFEE SHOP 
G r o ts o v e r $ 9 5 ,o o o yr., rn trg. m ed. 
(e n te r, g o o d seatin g. 
$ 6 , o o o dn. 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N 'sid e , se a ts 
5o, nice fix tu re s. 
G r o ss $ 6 2 ,o o o yr. $ 6 5 o o do. 

BUSY CONVENIENCE STORE 
NC, (te e n fix tu re s, g o o d stock, to p lo o se • p k g - $ 2 7 ,o o o t e r m s 
KUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST w ith m ix e d d rin k lo u n g e , g r o s s ­ in g $ 4 o ,o o o m o. sh o rt hrs., g o o d le a se , se a ts 13o, $ 6 5 ,o o o dn. 

CLEAN DAIRY KREEM e xce lle n t p a r k in g . L o a d s o f e gg*., m o n e y m a k e r . $ 8 5 o o . Term s. 

FINE RESTAURANT 

N 'l, g r o ss 
$ 2 4 o ,o o o . 
N e t 
$ 5 o ,o o o yr.. 
G o o d lease. 
$ 2 5 ,o o o dn. 
DAIRY QUEEN 
N ’Sid e re a l clean . S o o ts SO, G o o d p a rk in g. 
N e ts 
$15,O O O yr. 
$ 16 ,5 o o . 
SEVERAL MIX DRINK CLUBS 
N .W . a n d 
N.E. 
C lean fixtures. 
G o o d b u sin e ss, p a rk in g . 
N ice term s- 
BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
M ix e d drin ks. S e a ts 12o. G ro ss 
$ 1 8 o ,o o o . 
N e ts 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. 
$ 3 o ,o o o dn. 
LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
C lo se to b o se . W ith pick up sto. 
G ro sse s $ 4 9 ,o o o . N e ts $ 1 5 ,o o o yr. $ 1 o ,o o o dn. 
N E GROOMING SALON & SUPPLIES 
Top sp o t. B est clientele. Est. 13 yrs. N e ts $ 1 o ,o o o yr. $ 5 ,o o o dn. 
2 DOWNTOWN CONCESSION STANDS 
Lots o f fixtu re s, stock, g o o d m o n e y m a k e r s . $ 1 2 , o o o . Term s* 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 

 u rn , U r 

735-8611 

5o1 - BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 5o1 - BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n & B ro d stre e t s o y s C o in 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y a n d D r y 
C leanin g Stores a re one ot two industries with the least failure figures.' 
K W IC K W A S H co in o p e ra te d la u n d ry and d ry c le a n in g test stores for sale. 
W E H A V E choice la u n d ry loca­ tions in every pari of San Antonio ready to build now 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For information coll E d Floyd 
512-684-3771 o r v is it o u r w a re h o u se -sh o w ro o m at 54o3 
Jack wood, San Antonio, Tx 78238 
Sa n A n to n io D i s t r ib u t o r s h ip available June 1st. 53,ooo invest­ ment required. Should net 55o,ooo this year. 681-o366 
V A R IE T Y S T O R E 
5o year reputation. Owner retiring. Com pony needs young out-going managem ent, good profit potential. Centrally located 
227-o227 Watson & Son 655 8S46 

I 
15 2 2 5 -1 o 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

T e x a s M e sq u ite b o o C h ip s p r o c e s s in g c o m p a n y a n d a ll related equipm ent. F ra m e r e ­ sid e n c e b e in g u se d for office space, storage and operation of b u sin e ss. On o.41 Acre, af 24S 
Seole Rd., 3oo ft. west of N. W W. 
White Rd. for information, call 
Waller P. Sctiulze Realty 
333-4971 
653-2254 
532-7164 
U N IQ U E P L A N T SH O P 
$2ooo equity Assum e bonk note, call aft BPM, 658-5742 

W E B U Y 
Businesses and Inventories 
J K A M N & ASSO C. 342 4822 
W e buy in ve n to rie s, tools and eq u ip m e n t or w h a t-h a ve you. 
P a Co, 6459 O ld H w y 9o W est, 
673-2573 or 533-9o98 
W ell e s ta b lis h e d C L E A N I N G 
Pickup Station. Reasonable rent. 
Good lease. Age ond healtn forces sale. Call for appointment m orn­ ings only 673-38o1 

WORMS 
A limited num ber of individuals are needed to raise earthw orm s for an organization that affords an unlim ited incom e potential 
For information, call E C O L O G Y 
C O N C E P T S INC., 512-657-o133. 
Offices Nationwide. 

WORMS 
We buy w orm s under contract 
W orm grow ers needed 
512-653-514o 
W O R M E N T E R P R IS E S 
YO U -PR A M E I r SH O P 
Do it yourself or custom fram ing 
A great business for the artist who wants to frame and exhibit their work or for young-at-heart retiree who wants a fun business. Owner will tram . E x c e lle n t location. 
Priced under 516,ooo tor everyth­ in g 
R O H D E 
B U S I N E S S 
B R O K E R S 696-5311 

5o2 -BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
WANTED 

L O O K IN G For a successful busi­ ness in need of active partner with capital. 89o9 W illm on W ay, San 
Antonio, T X 78239 

H H k ) May 8th 

'c a ir 

With a Special Mother s Day Greeting 

Call 225-1666 

 or mail to 

5o4 - MONEY TO LEND 

B u sin e ss and In d iv id u a l lo a n s a v a ila b le fo r a n y p u r p o s e 
$2,ooo-51o,ooo,ooo. Contact M r. T, 
Whitely 534-8873 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the purchase of: 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 226 o314 
1818 N BC Bldg. 
San Antonio 
N E E D C A S H ?? 
BU T H A V E NO C R E D I T ? ? ’ 
Call Union Finance 223-6871 
P H O N E F O R S M A L L L O A N 
P R E S A F IN A N C E 227-2263 
R E A D Y cash to p urchase your real estate mortages. 225-1475 
S M A L L H O N O R L O A N S 
JU ST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
A B A C R E D IT 
223-6249 
Starting, expanding, intangible a c c o u n ts re c e iv a b le c a s h a v a ila b le for these a n d o th e r money needs Call 673 8857 now 

51o-MONEY WANTED 

Working partner wonted tor nice thrift shop on Perrin-Beitel 54,5oo 
Required, m ay finance small por­ tion, Call eves, 494-6338. 

W IL L P a y You 25% of P ro fits! 
Need copita! to expand notion w id e p ro te in food p la n t a n d products. 633-o565. 

Express-News Corp. 

P.O. Box 2171. San Antonio. lex. 78297 

25c line— minimum •1.oo 

4 lines— 18 words— $1.oo 

Deadline Thursday. May 5— 5 P.M. 

MESSAGE 

COUPON: 

N A M E ............................................................................ 

AD D RESS .................................................. 
ZIP 

PHONE 

512-INSTRUCTIONS 
512-INSTRUCTIONS 6o1 - PROFESSIONAL 

512-INSTRUCTIONS 
512-INSTRUCTIONS 
512 INSTRUCTIONS 
512 -INSTRUCTIONS 

AERO- TECH 

B E C O M E A L IC E N S E D 
A V IA T IO N T E C H N IC IA N 

NEW CLASSIS BEING JUNE 2oth 
• Approved for Veterans 
• Accredited NAUS Institution 
• FAA Approved 
• Courses in Airframe ond Power plant 
• Quality for FAA AAP license 
• Course Duration 12 Months 
• Job Placement Assistance 

V ISIT O R C A U 
H A L L M A R K A E R O T EC H 
113o 99th St., Stinson Field 
San Antonio, Texas 78214 
9 2 4 - 8 5 5 1 

B io lo gy Tutor. C ollege B io lo g y 
Instructor will do private tutoring, 
$15 OO per hour, 342 3o72. 

/ ii 

 r n 

ENROLL N O W 
' 
CLASSES 
FO R M IN G 

 p » N urses Aide 
M ale Orderly 
V 
★ Medical Assist. 
^ 
* la b Technician 

 a Approved for Eligible V et­ erans 

* Eligible for Basic G rants 
Job Placement Assistance 

Registration Available 
For Inform ation call 
S . W . S c h o o l o f 
M e d i c a l A s s i s t a n t s 
224-2296 
1 1 5 B r o a d w a y 

 r o R c a s t i n s u l t s 
P IA C I T O U B W A N T AO 
IN THI I X P R I S S N t W S 
C A II 225 1666 

D A Y LL N I T E C L A S S E S 
New Classes Degin M a y 2 
Keypunch Secretarial, A ccou n t­ ing, Drafting and All Other B u si­ ness Courses. 
Vet Approved 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
IQS San Pedro 
225-54o! 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short W e e ks 

Other Training in: 

Computer Operations 

Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Medical Secretary 

A u rse’s Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
! 1121 Navarro 

Finish High School ot Home 
Diplom a awarded. For tree b ro ­ chure, call Am erican School, tool free: 1-8oo-621-8318. 
H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H 
113o 99th ST, Stinson Field 
924-8551 

BARTENDING 
1o15 Jockson-Keller, NO 2o2 
349-26o1 
A Texas Certified Trade School 
Free lob assistance, discount to 
Vetrans. 
New classes begin M a y 2 
R E G IS T R A T IO N 
M on and Wed nile 7pm-IOpm 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
62o8 S.Flores 
924-388o 

ELKINS INSTITUTE 
Can Train You In 
*1 
BROADCASTING 

I- II- ’ 
DAY & EVENING 
M 
• CLASSES AVAILABLE 

- 
( ^Approved for V e te ra n s' 
I st Class FCC License 
CB Radio Repair 
Radio & TV Repair 
Television Technician 
Operator 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ale accepted on the premise that |obs of feted will be filed on the basis of merit without discrimination because of sex unless the |ob is a bonofide oc cupotional qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Private Employment 
Association has a lipid (ode of Lthirs to which all its private employment agency members subscribe for in foimotion about private employment agencies, rn action on complaints, coll 
2/4 78o? at the 
Bettei 
Business 
Bureau 

A 
L 
K 
I N 
S 
I N S T I T U T E 

 t 
EMPLOYMENT 
) 
I I ) . 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 -PROFESSIONAL 

COMPUTER SYSTEMS 
BANKING SPECIALIST 
USAF nonappropriated fund has immediate opening for anaiyst-programmer with strong banking-financial systems experience to manage banking support and Systems III, 
Model 
15 data processing operations. 
Salary $24K plus. 

Submit current resume and salary history to 

CIVILIAN PERSONNEL OFFICE 
12DPCN, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas 78)48 
Contact John Daggett direct 

In San Antonio call 652-4983 

Other Texas Cities call (8oo) 282-5275 

Other States call (8oo) 531 5796 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

L e arn e ro ie ssio n a i Barten ding 
And B ar M anagem ent, A W orld 
Wide Profession for men and women. 
Brotherhood School of 

S O U T H W E S T 
S C H O O L 
O F 
M E D I C A L 
A S S IS T A N C E 
224 2296, 115 Broadw ay 
Veteran inquiries Welcome 
Tinas Vocational School 
1913 S.Flores 

Children s Services Coordinator 
P io n s , o r g a n iz e s d ire c ts diagnostic and treatment activi­ tie s 
M a s t e r 's d e g re e in a behavioral science. Forw ard re­ su m e to B e x a r County M H M R 
Center, P e rso n n e l Dept. 611 N 
Flores 225-4o11 Ext 76. Equal op­ portunity affirm ative action j employer. 
E L E C T R IC A L E N G IN E E R 
Experience in design, installation and m aintenance of electrical and electronic syste m s within large scale institutional setting. M anda­ tory experience in maintenance ond o p e ra tio n of high voltage p rim a ry distribution. Duties to p io n a n d c o o rd in a te o ve r all maintenance and operations. Also develop repairs and new installa­ tion Salary $16,44o or negotiable with extensive experience. Con­ tact U niversity of Texas at San 
A n to n io 
P e r s o n n e l 
O ffice 
691-425o.U T SA is an equal oppor tunity employer__________________ 
G R O U P W O R K E R for sum m er day core program 
Experience needed planning and leading variety of activities for ch ild ren 11-14 y rs of age. Send re su m e to E x e cu tive D irector, i 
225 3253 
351o N. m ain 78212________________[ 

KSAT TV is now taking applications for an 
EXECUTIVE NEWS 
PRODUCER 
Degree, stro n g production and journalism background essential, liv e E N G e x p e rie n c e a m u st. 
Ea u a i opportunity em ployer M F 

MED. ACCTS MGMT 

734-o231 
Professional bill collector needed with past experience. Chance for advance in mgmt. Please no ap­ p lic a tio n s, lu st re su m e s. F o r appt, coll between 9am-5pm, ask 
(or Ralph johnson 

OIL AND GAS ATTORNEY 
A n a ctiv e m e d iu m size p u b lic owned energy com pany is se e k­ ing an exceptional experienced oil and g a s attorney, also well versed in corporale affairs. Some exper­ ience in S E C matters and acq ui­ sitions preferred. Good com pen­ sation com m ensurate with exper­ ience, ability, and perform ance. 
Send resum e in confidence to Box 
4389, San Antonio Express. 78297. 
A n equal opportunity employer. 

ASSISTANT MANAGER 
FOR LOCAL 
COUNTRY CLUB 

SEND COMPLETE RESUME IO: 

EXPRESS NEWS 
BOX 4441 
San Antonio, Texas 
78297 

JO B H U N T IN G ? $12-565,ooo. B e r­ n a rd H a ld a n e & A ss o c . ( S 12) 
342-3166. Sin c e 1947. N o t a placement agency._______________ 

P h arm ac ist needed for indepen­ dent business. Excellent w orkin g con d itio n s, good sa la ry , g o o d benefits, Call 224-5o93. 
P H A R M A C I S T needed to r In ­ d e p e n d e n t R e ta il P h a r m a c y . 
Excellent salary, send pertinent information to the E x p re ss New s 
Box No. 4335. 
Position Available 
SO U T H W E ST T E X A S 
ST A T E U N IV E R S IT Y 
C O O R D IN A T O R O F P A R K IN G : 
Provides coordination ot p arking a nd traffic control activities on c a m p u s 
S u p e r v is io n of n o n ­ sw orn parking control personnel and student employees. G eneral parking control and enforcem ent activities on campus. Som e p a rk ­ ing control experience desired. 
Also, su p e rviso ry and p la n n in g a n d m a n a g e m e n t e x p e r ie n c e desired. M anagem ent training is p re fe rre d . Tw o y e a rs college. 
A .A.degree or better preferred. 
Apply before M ay 5 to 
Personnel Office 
SWTSU 
Room 2o8 Lib-Adm Bldg 
San Marcos, Texas 78666 
Phone:512-745-2211 

S W T S U is an affirm ative action- 
E q u al opportunity em ployer 
P O SIT IO N A V A IL A B L E 
June I, 1977 
SO U T H W E ST T E X A S 
ST A T E U N IV E R S IT Y 
Adm inistrative Assistant to the V R. for 
Institutional Advancem ent c a rry in g responsibility for p e r­ form ing technical and p ro g ra m duties. Involves planning, o rg a n ­ iz in g and su p e rv isin g sta ff of c le ric a l a ssista n ts. W ill be in ­ volved in developing operational policy, special reports, legal re ­ se arch , and a d v isin g the V .P . 
Reauires minimum of five years perform ing responsible duties iii a p ro fe ssio n a l field 
D u tie s to have included skills in s u p e r v i­ sion and knowledge of m o d e rn office practices and should p o s­ s e s s th o ro u g h k n o w le d g e of secretarial skills. B a c h e lo r's de­ gree or combination of education ond experience equivalent to de­ gree required. Preference given to ca n d id a te s with a d d itio n a l grad u ate work. A pply before S p.m. M a y 13,1977, to P e rso n n e l 
Office, Southw est T e x a s State 
U n iv e r s it y , 
R o o m 
2o8, 
L ib ra ry-A d m .Building, San M a r ­ cos, Texas 78666. 245-2211. 

SW T SU is on affirm ative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Professional Executive 
Consultants Int'l 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO, suite 44o 
512-736-2263 

 a a r n 
- s u i r n 

DO YOU: 

Need from $4oo.oo - $5oo.oo 

 per month? 

Hove 3-4 hours each AM & PM? 

Have transportation? 

If you are retired, a housewife, or looking for additional income, I have a morning / afternoon, home-delivery newspaper route in the Hwy. 181 So. 
(Floresville Hwy.) area. Bond deposit will be required. Call Neil Skillings, 
2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , ext 
13o, 
Mon., 
Tues., 
Thurs. or Tri. between 9 & I I a.m. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP 
WHY WAIT TILL TOMORROW? 

Let us show you tod ay that— 

★ You can learn our business 
★ Make more money 
★ Be successful in a rewarding career 
★ Continue present job while starting your own agency on a part time basis 
★ Training and supplies furnished 
★ Available locations in San Antonio, 
San Marcos and Fredericksburg 
★ N o in v e s t m e n t 
For com plete d e ta ils call 
Charles Manley at 656-8266 

6o1 - PROFESSIOHAL 

Sharpe Personnel service 
6322 Sovereign Or. 
Suite MO, (512)342-3541 

TEACHERS! 
Specializing Teacher placem ent 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jockson-K elier 
828 1292 
The City of C o p p e ra s Cove, C o­ ryell County, T exas, (Population 
22,5oo) is accepting applications tor the position of City Engineer. 
A pplicant m u st be T e x a s re g is­ tered with d e g re e in C iv il and 
M echanical engineering, m ust be uble to plan and design a T X q ria l skills. B a ch e lo r's degree or com ­ bination of education and exper­ ie n c e e q u iv a le n t to d e g re e re q u ire d . P re fe re n c e g iv e n to c a n d id a t e s w ith a d d itio n a l gra d u a te w ork. A p p ly before S p m. M a y 13,1977, to Pe rso n n e l 
O ffice, S o u th w e st T e x a s State 
U n iv e rsity . R o o m 2o8, L ib ra ry - 
Adm .Building, San M arcos. Tex­ a s 78666. 245-2211. 

S W T SU is a n affirm ative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Professional Executive 
Consultants int'l 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO, Suite 44o 
5!2-7361onio, full or part-time - no experience needed, lf you have a year of college, or are taking (or p la n to t a k e ) a R e a l E s t a te course, or are licensed, we'd like to talk to you. F o rm a l tra in in g school + on-the-iob training. We specialize in b u y e rs co m in g in fro m out of tow n w ho m a k e a d e c isio n in 1-3 d a y s. D o n ’t be afraid to call a m anager now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
A S S IS T A N T M A N U F A C T U R IN G 
S A L E S R E P R E S E N T A T IV E for 
San A n to n io a n d South T e xa s. 
Nationally know n and respected building product. N o free lunch. 
F o r in te rv ie w , w rite M ic h a e l 
Krem pp, P O Box 17921, Austin, 
Texas 7876o. 

6o2 -SALES 

SURPRISING 
& UNUSUAL 
Will odd one 
Salesperson, preferably experienced in direct selling. Preferably over 35 and with family responsibilities. We will interview all applicants, male and female. We are selective — being the oldest, best known, most respected San Antonio com­ pany in our field. This is the most unusual opportunity you will en­ counter. 
9 2 4 -4 2 o 8 
9 AM to 3 PM, weekdays 

PERMANENT 
PART TIME 
Windsor Park 
Mall 
Excellent opportunity for sales oriented individual desiring responsibility, challenge, and secure future with a rapidly growing retail chain. Retail ex­ perience preferred but not necessary 

Call 653-9o44 

A s k fo r P a u lin e 

* A r * 
SALESMEN 3 
5AIARY AND 
J 
COMMISSION 
* 

Positions Perm anent — st 
Im m ediate Openings 
* 
Local Area — No 
J 
Traveling 
J 
Fringe 
Benefits 
Include ^ 
Major 
Medical 
Coverage * 
(Hospital, 
Doctor, 
Pres- J 

J - criptions) 
J 
Excellent Training 
4 
Program 
* 

$25,ooo - $45,ooo Per 
J 

Year Income Bracket 
+ 

All Sales Mode By 
★ 
Appointment 
★ 
In Our (Your) Office 
)+- 
Or 
* 
In The Prospects Home 
★ 

Appointments Made From l f 
Office lf 

Weekly Payroll 
* 

Our Business Is Growing 
J 

We Are Mowing Into New 
^ 
And larger Quarters 
* 

We Need 6 More Good Men, lf 
Permanently lf 

Call Mr. Davis at 227-654o j 
Apply at 3o1 Broadway 
Suite 2oo 
^ 
San Antonio, Tex. 
J 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ A r 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

We ate accepting applications for our soon-to-open Walzem 
Rood Office Extensive in-house training program, for con­ fidential interview call 
Ned 
Telshaw at 494-7651 

 k o s o w & V f i i m 

REACTORS - SO TEAK o» t»UST 

SA LES O P P O R T U N IT Y 

We are looking for people in­ terested in pursuing a career in 
REAL ESTATE. We offer an ex­ cellent commission schedule, plus extensive company wide training, 
'loll for an interview. 
4 - 6 2 o 7 

OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 
N. WEST OFC.' 

DEL RIO- 
IAKE AMISTAD 
Need licensed generator far 
5ooo acre subdivision on Lake 
Amistod. 
Also need licensed salesmen that can generate. 
Business is good and you net paid up front. Came down and look us over or call 

1 -7 7 5 -3 5 5 6 
A sk fo r Lam b 

EXPERIENCED 
SALESPERSON 

W A N T E D 
Manpower, 
Inc. 

6 3 o B r o a d w a y 

2 2 4 -9 2 5 1 

Call Mr. Oppenheim 

 equal o pportunity em ployer 

E. E D E L M A N N A N D C O M P A N Y is in need of a representative in this a re a calling on autom otive jobers. M u st be free to travel. 
S a la ry , c a r and e x p e n c e s fu r ­ nished. Send resum e to: Page T. 
Hudson, P O Pox 8571, Shreveport, 
La. 711o8 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Sales people arc am ong the high­ est paid in the world 
1. Im m ediate openings 
2. We will train 
3. M u s t have car 
4. We w ork leads - appt basis 
F o r personal interview 

C a l l 7 3 2 - 2 1 o 5 

A T T E N T IO N : R U R A L S A L E ­ 
S P E O P L E ^ few lucrative rural sales areas are now available in 
Texas. E x tra high income oppor­ tunity for direct salespeople with a p r o v e n r e c o r d to c a ll on farm ers, ran ch e rs, com m ercial, in d u stria l a c c o u n ts a n d re p a ir shops etc., with a top quality line of bolts, cab inets and tools. E x ­ cellent repeat bu sin e ss and p ro ­ tected territories com bined with absolutely no Investm ent for those with a c c e p ta b le cre d it ra tin g m ake this proven p ro gra m with top rate d n a tio n a l c o m p a n y a must. Van or pickup an asset. For more info ond interview in your area please drop a brief note in­ cluding PO phone num ber to Box 
732, Detroit, M I 48231. 

E xp e rie n ce d person needed for sale s position with e sta b lish e d specialty food com pany. P re fe r so m e c o lle g e . 
S o m e t r a v e l required. Good sa la ry and ben­ efits. M ust be willing to relocate to 
Houston after 3 month train in g period. Send re su m e to: Sa le s 
Supervisor, PO Box BB186, C a r­ rollton, Tx. 75oo6. 

AUTOMOTIVE 
L e ad in g notional m a n u fa ctu re r desire individual with knowledge of engine parts. Duties to include the selling and service of autom o­ tive io b b e rs-d lstrib u to rs in Son 
A ntonio area. C om p e n sation in ­ cludes so la ry+co m m tssio n +e x p e n se s, com pany car and excellent fringe benefits. E X P R E S S - N E W S B O X 
4365, San Antonio 78297 
I 

Experienced sates person to work e venings and S a tu rd a y-p e rm a n ­ ent. Pet Pantry North Star M all 
342 2361 tor appt 
F LO O R C O V E R IN G S A L E S 
H a ve need of 2 q u alifie d floor cove rin g sales person • I retail sales in store - I contract sales in field Both m ust have experience and references. Call 734-43o3 for appt. Keller Carpets______________ 
Full time and part time sales per­ sons needed. Apply in prson You 
Betcha Boots 439 M c C a rty Rd. between 1-4pm 
_____________ 
F u r n it u r e sto le M e r c h a n d is e 
M anager, sales M anager, a take charge, young, aggressive, retail genious. Will share percentage of net profit. P O Box 4o213, Houston, 
Tx 77o4o. 
_______ 

AVON 
To buy or sell 
Call 226-o941 
Beauty sup p ly sales, female, in store S a la ry plus com m ission. 
A p p ly in p e r s o n o n ly C o n o ly 
Beauty Supply 4132 Naco Perrin 
Blvd 
B E L O W T H E B E L T now accepting applications for 
M gm t T ra in e e s and P a rt Tim e 
Sales. Apply North Star Matt store only 
...... 

CAN YOU CLOSE? 
R a p id ly e x p a n d in g S A. m eat com pany has opening. High com ­ m is s io n s , re p e a t sa te s. C a ll 
684-4947 for appt. K ings M en Meat 
Co.________________________________ 
D O 
Y O U 
F E E L 
Y O U 
A R E 
W O R T H 515,ooo P L U S A Y E A R ? 
It so. we believe this will interest you also. Call today 736-4426 
Deonie O w ens Co. Realtors 
. 
Jefferson Office. 

H A V E O P E N IN G for well g ro o m e d in d iv id u a l to represent one of San Anton­ io ’s hom e-ow ned, well e s­ tablish ed , well respected se rv ice institutions. A ge, nor education not big factor, sales b ack gro u n d helpful. 
Not insurance. For appoint­ ment call 225-5731, evenings 
828-3437, Larry Eide. 
It S E L F - IM P R O V E M E N T ond 
IM P R O V IN G Y O U R IN C O M E in­ terests you, the N E. Lo o p 41o 
Office of R E D C A R P E T R E A L ­ 
T O R S is interviewing for full-time sale s a sso ciate s to take o d va n loge of the best training available. 
AIT in q u irie s con fidential. C all 
Je rry O liver at 656 1234 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
Radio Shack Has opening for col­ le g e g r a d u a t e s in sto re m a n ­ agem ent training program . 
732-3612.__________________________ 

M A N U F A C T U R E R 
R E P . 
W H O L E S A L E 
A C C O U N T S 
T E X A S O N L Y 
633-o991 

6o2-SALES 

RESPONSIBLE 
TRUCK 
SALESPEOPLE 

Special consideration given to bilingual applicants. 
You'll get a new Chevrolet every year, generous commissions, bonuses, etc. 

Apply in person 3:oo to 
6 :o o weekdays, at Texas’ only air-conditioned Truck 
Mali, to Sid Bowdler, Truck 
Sales Manager, 1121 
Broadway. 

PAPER SALES 
PERSON 

To service local accounts. 
K now ledge o f printing paper helpful. 
Se n d resum e to: 

E X P R E S S -N E W S 
B O X 4 4 3 3 
SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78297 

" J ' 1 ' 
11 

A positive progressive Real 
Estate company is looking for ogenis who desire manage­ ment who will back them up with training ond personal at­ tention. licensed or we will sponsor for license. 

Call LOREN STINER 

696-992o 
HOHENBERGER- 
COLLINS CO. 

Need ladies to wear and sell Sa- r ih Coventry Jewelry, no Invest­ m ent. 
C a r n e c e s s a r y . 
C a ll 
657-35o2 or 657-3614 
Need licensed agents, all fields real estate. New ly rem odeled of­ fice. 
Established business location 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
Need 4 salesm en who tire mental­ ly aggre ssive and strong to p re­ sent a gourm et meat product to 
♦ he c o n s u m e r d ire c t. A d v a n ­ cement for the persons who prove themselves. F o r inform ation appt call 349-6231 

N E E D 5225 W E E K ? 
M anage TV rental route. Deliver and collect. M an age 2oo accounts. 
Excellent driving record and able to p ass polygraph test. A pply of 
A B C TV Rentals, 435 SW M ilitary 
Parttime, eves, Sat., I afternoon. 
Tobacco Bowl, North Star M all, apply af The A rb o r 349-3647______ 

PART TIME SALES 
M e n s c lo t h in g e x p e r ie n c e required . P M part tim e h o u rs. 
Apply in person Ioam -9pm LAW - 
F O R D S 2o8 w o n d e rla n d M o ll, 
R oger Sage________ ____________ 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS co m m issio n to start, ca llin g on our cu sto m e rs C a r n e c e ssa ry 
M ust be neat and clean-cut 
494-5812 
HEAL ESTATE CAREER 
W e are a cce p tin g a p p licatio n s from both licensed ond unlicensed 
Ip e rso n s due to exp an d in g b u si­ ness. T raining by a professional staff. Call R a y Teal or Ruby Zipo 
♦or c o n fid e n t ia l in t e rv ie w . 
341-2222, 6651 San Pedro 
C e n tu ry 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A L T O R S 
I Route sales-food. Yound com pany has opening for aggressive sales person. Excellent products and d istrib u tio n . Send re su m e and s a la ry requirem ent to P O Box 
17864, San Antonio, 78217. 

$6oo Route Soles $12oo 
•Fee Reim bursed 
Natl. Co. trains beginners. 21 up future. + John Hampton 923-436o 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 413 
SW M ilitary 
__ 

S A L E S M A N A G E R 
W e o re lo o k in g for a m a n a g e r who is interested In earning not less than 54o,ooo per year. M ust have experience in hiring, train ­ ing and m otivating sales people. 
We have a product that is needed in e ve ry hom e and business. A gro u n d floor op p ortu n ity for a qualified person. Call Mr. G at 
349-2793. 
S A L E S - M A N A G E R Costum e and natural jewelry. 
Full time. 
736-4866. 
$11ooo Security Rep: Lg. Local c o ! 
G o o d f ro c k re c .-lite co lle g e -S6 oo + com m . + ca r + bonus + all fringes-advance. Jim 
Sn o w e 923-4369 J o b s 
S o u th 
Placem ent 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilitary 
•SUPERVISOR® 
•ROUTE SALES* 
•DISTRIBUTOR® 
S O F T D R IN K F IR M 
Salary + Com m ission 
W e w ill train. M u s t h a ve c o m ­ m ercial license. Apply in person o n ly to P e te o r A r t h u r a tte r 
7:3opm at 4238 Director Dr. Texas 
Beverage Packers 
T E L E P H O N E S A L E S P E R S O N S 
Wonted. Experienced, top notch. 
$125-5175 week plus bonuses. Soft selling. 684-4488 
U n lim ite d o p p o rtu n ity setting w ip ers, tape, jan itor su p p lie s, light bulbs, paper products, lad­ ders, safety supplies, etc. D ive r­ sification m akes every business in the greater San Antonio areo a prospect. We are a 23 year young 
Supply. 4122 Todd Lone, Austin, 
Texas or call 512-443-1614. 
U S E D C A R S A L E S M A N 
.Call: Jim Conrad or M r Norris, 
*135-1641 
W e d e sire sale sm e n w ho need 
$5oo per week. O ur product is a n ecessity in e ve ry home. Lead system is most uniaue with 5o°*, closing ratio. G ood close rs can average $8oo per week, lf inter­ ested in personal interview call 
M r. G at 349-2793. 
We m ay need you more than your b o ss does. We a re g re a tly e x ­ p and ing our sates force. N eed good closers, some trainees. E a rn up to $3oo to 55oo a week to start. 
Pre leads. Call 341-1422. 

6o4 - TECHNICAL 

SE R V IC E 
T E C H N IC IA N 
To train on work processing equipment. 

• Must, hove formal training and expe­ rience on IBM Selectee typewriter 
• Must maintain 

6o4 Tim m 
6o4 - TECHNICAL 

Terrific furniture showroom i 

MEDICAL 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S - N E W 5- 

612 MEDICAL 

S a tu rd a y A pril 3 o 1 9 7 7 
P a g e i I -F 

IM M ■ 

Needed Salsm en or wom an. U n ­ believab le p ro d u cts, h ig h com m issions, sh o rt tim e retirem ent 
(a n y a g e ). N e w c a r tre e to qualifiers, e a rn in g fabulous, no obligations. Call 923-48oo and after 
3pm 927-4378. 

In Today’s 
Want Ads 

Turn to the Classified section and check over the large" selection of good buys right now. 

E x p r e s s / N e w s 

PHONE 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER has im m ediate opening for: 
ULTRA SOUND TECHNICIAN 
Registered preferred 
• Shift I, Monday-Friday 
• Excellent working conditions exce lle nt fringe b en efits Include: 
• sick leove 
• paid vocation 
• paid holidays 
* paid hospitalization insurance 
• tree parking 
9 retirement plan 
• merit increases • child care center 
Apply at P ersonnel Office 
5 1 9 W . H o u sto n St.; 2 2 8 -2 3 4 3 
Eq u a l O p p o r t u n it y E m p lo y e r 

6o8-SECRETARIAL 
6o8 SECRETARIAL 

LUTHERAN GENERAL HOSPITAL 

7 o 1 S. Z a r x a m o r a 

Im m e d ia te O p e n in g s For 
REGISTERED NURSES: 

• ICU 7-3 & 11-7 

• RECOVERY R O O M 3-1 I 

• PEDIATRICS 11-7 

• M EDICAL-SURGICAL 3 1 I & I 1-7 

• O PERATING R O O M 7-3 

• EM ERG EN CY R O O M Part Time I I -7 

• ICU & ER Part Time Relief 

OPERATING ROOM TECHNICIAN: 
LVN 7-3 & 3-11 

Professional growth, plus facility expansion is requiring us to increase our nursing staff, lf you want a job challenge and satisfaction ... 

Call Personnel Office 434-5252 

 for convenient appointment time 

 equal opportunity employer 

SECRETARY 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

* 

M ust have experience 
Relations. 
To work in 
Service Deportment. 

 in 
Public 
Customer 

Apply 48oo Fredericksburg Rd. * 

R o o m 1 4 o 
TF 

RAY ELLISON INDUSTRIES 
$ 
* 
7 9 
V 
★A* 
«jL> edL* #£# 
*y|# abs 
%A# d # el# *1# et# m£jF% 

LUTHERAN GENERAL HOSPITAL 

7o1 S. Z a rz a m o ro 

R EG IST ER ED N U R S E S — ICU 7 3 & 
I 1-7. Recovery Room 3-11. Operating 
Room 7-3. Pediatrics 
11-7. Medical 
Surgical 
3-11 
& 
11-7. 
Emergency 
Room Part Time I 1-7. Part Time Relief 
ICU & ER. 

O P E R A T IN G R O O M T E C H N IC IA N 
(L V N ) 
7 -3 & 
3 -1 1 . 
Professional growth plus facility expansion is re­ quiring us to increase our Nursing 
Staff, lf you want job challenge and satisfaction, call 
Personnel 434-5252 fo r a co n ve n ie n t a p p t, tim e 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
" S W E A R I N G E N K A 
A i'w tnN h in a t C tnt JKI 

J SWEARINGEN AVIATION 4 yL ' Has these current openings: 
4 
* ★ BOOKKEEPFR-ACCOUNTANT: 4 j^. 51o years experience in all areas 4 j^. of accounts receivable Requires 4 u. some typing. Degree not re- 4 a. quired. 
4 
* * COST ESTIMATOR: 
4 
Requires Industrial engineering 4 background or related aircraft 4 
^ manufacturing experience. 
* if you are interested in Mc/Wing 
^ more about these openings and a 4 possible future with Swearingen, 4 jl you should apply in person at the 4 
T employment office, Swearingen 4 j Aviation 
Corporation, 
In- 4 
? ternational Airport, Son Antonio, • 
T T x . (Come tost on Bitters Rood 4 
J past Blossom Athletic Center, turn 4 
J right on NE entrance Road.) 
J * 

S W E A R I N G E N ^ . 
J 
A Subsidiary of tai,(Mid Industries 
*T 
7 
An (qual Opportunity tmployt, 
J 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ » 

6o6-ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

PURCHASING-ESTIMATING 
Expansion has created a new po­ sition for one of Son A n to n io 's leading hom e builder, initial re­ sponsibilities include purchasing, estim ating, cost control. Som e construction experien ce d e s ira ­ ble. lf you are a hard w orker and look in g for a future send y o u r resum e and salary requirem ents to E X P R E S S & N E W S B O X 2622 
The City of C opperas Cove, C o ­ ryell County, Texas, (Population 
22,5oo) is accepting applications for the newly created position of 
G rants Administratior. Applicant m ust have p rio r e xp e rien ce in obtaining and adm inistering state a n d fe d e ra l g ra n t p r o g r a m s . 
Secretary and travel allow ance fu rA lsh e d , a n n u a l s a l a r y 
SIB,OOO OO Send resum e to John 
W. Carlton, City M a n a ge r, P O. 
Draw er 28o, Copperas Cove, T ex­ a s 76522. 

6o8-SECRETARIAL 

BRANCH MANAGER 
SAVINGS ASSOC. 

2 or m ore years m anag­ 

 erial experience 

Excellent benefits 

Reply to 

Director of Personnel 

Alamo Savings Assoc. 
P.O. Box 17527 
San Antonio, Tx 78217 
Equal Opportunity 
Employer M F 

EXPERIENCED 
COMMERCIAL LOAN | 
SECRETARY 
Needed to work at Main Bank & 
Trust. 2 yrs. bank exp. preferred. 
Must be neat and well groomed and able to construct corre­ spondence, capable of in­ dependent judgment, typing pro­ ficiency In the 7owpm range, shorthand skills desired at 7o-8o wpm level. All major benefits pro­ vided. 
Qualified applicants only call*Dwaynn6 Andrews 
225-6958 between 9-11 a.m. 
Equal opportunity employer 

 r n 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
• Accounts receivable 
• Accounts payable 
• Payroll 
• General ledger 

Salary commensurate with abil­ ity. Southwest S.A. location. All company benefits lasso Western Wear 
6623 S. Zarzamoro e q u a l o p p o rt u n ity e m p lo y e r 

SECRETARY 

Alamo Area Council 

 of Governments 

2 years experience 

 desired, good typing 

 required. 

C all 2 2 5 -5 2 o 1 

 equal opportunity employer 

61o-OFFICE A M M I 

ACCOUNTING 

CLERK 

TO 
ADVANCE 
IN 
AUTOMOTIVE 

BUSINESS ACCOUNTING KNOWL­ 

EDGE AND/OR DEALERSHIP EX­ 

PERIENCE 
HELPFUL 
BUT 
NOT 

NECESSARY 
ADVANCEMENT PoS- 

SI8ILIES - 56oo.oo/Mo. 

C A LL : 

JOHN BENHAM 

3 4 1 - 3 3 1 1 

SIO-OFFICERCLERICAL 

^ i 

COMMERCIAL CASUALTY 

INSURANCE RATER 

M inim um 
I yrs. exp e­ 

 rience. local branch of 

 national com pony. 

Call Mr. Heginbofham 

349-4221 

 equal opportunity em ployer 

V i 
I m o w 

S E C R E T A R Y , General office, fee reim bursed. Econ -O -R e sou rce s, 
42o4 G a r d e n d a le , 699 1o15. 
U n u su a l o p p o rtu n ity With fast grow ing im porter with national distribution. Strength in all office skills, ly sin g , filing, calculator, etc. required. EXP in sales orders, and inventroy desirable. Sa la ry open depending on Qualifications. 
342-1559 Anne Wilson. 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted on the premise thof 
I ohs offered will be filed on the losis of merit without discrimina­ tion because of sex unless the job is a 
Bonafide occupational qualification. 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Private Employ­ ment Association bos a rigid Code of Ethics to which all its private employment agency members subscribe. For information about private employment agencies, or action on complaints, call 224- 
78o2 of the 
Better Business 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• EXPERIENCED 6 
• 
KEYPUNCH 
• 

5 
★ Day and Night 
^ 
• 
Shift 
• 
» 

• 
222-2323 
• 

Equol Opportunity 
^ 
Empluyer M/F 
{£) 

# 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

612-MEDICAL 

ASCP TECHNOLOGIST 

(linicol 
Reference 
Laboratory has immediote opening in even­ ing shift for ASCP Tech with hematology, serology and blood banking background. Min 6 yrs. dinicol lob. exp. required. Salary commensurate with training and exp. 
Contact Ms. Hickey 
69o-122o 
Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-S p.m. 

 f t x v n a c v i 

RADIOIMMUNOASSAY 
TECHNOLOGIST 

 needed in expanding reference laboratory. Experience in RIA testing essential. Salary com­ mensurate with exp. and training 

Contact Ms Hickey 

69o-122o 

•qual opportunity •ntplayif 
IL ix I i v i u n n m 
A S T ? R E C E P T IO N IS T for northside periodontal office. 
M u s t be a ttra c tiv e , o u tg o in g p e rso n w ith s o m e m ath b a c k ­ ground 
E 
Ord 7 Se iw jew is 
344-3381. 

JR. ACCOUNTANT 

 position available with young and aggressive 
CPA firm. Send com­ plete resume including college transcript ta 
Express-News, 
Box 
4 4 1 8 , 
San 
Antonio 
7 8 2 9 7 

ASST NIGHT AUDITOR 
6 days I lpm-7am. Apply in person to Mr. Robert M aurins Oam-Spm 
M E N G E R H O T E L 
BUSINESS OFFICE MBR needed to m anage the total oper­ ation of a business office. College degree in b u sin e ss or ho sp ita l adm inistration or related field: c o n s id e r a b le k n o w le d g e of 
M e d icaid and M ed icare re g u la ­ tions, and associated billing and collection procedures required; 3 yrs bookkeeping experience and I y r exp. in p a yro ll p re p a ra tio n n e c e ssary . A p p ly In p e rso n St 
Benedicts Hospital and N u rsin g 
Home 323 E. Johnson, San Anton­ io 
222-o17) 
Equal opportunity em ployer 
______________ _ 
COLLECTOR 

 app 
C o 

 sharp corance o n f a c f B o b a t 
3 4 1 . 4 4 3 1 

C B R E P A IR M A N FC C licensed. 
Coll Service M gr. 349 4465 
LABORATORY TECHNICIAN 
Experien ced in testing of soils, con crete ond a sp h a lt d e sire d . 
Salary open. 
Call 924-4266 for appt. 
PARTY CHIEF 
Person experienced in land su r­ veying with ability to supervice crew, call 349-31o7 for appt.______ 

PROGRAMMER 
C O B O L e x p e rie n c e re q u ire d , preferably B u rro u gh s. Send re­ sum e and sdlary requirem ents to 
E xp re ss New s Box 4333 S.A. 78297 
IV TECH 533-o991 

6o5 RESUMES 

Outside collection position is now open Call M r s Reveles 314 Gunter 
Office Bldg. 226-3329 
__________ 

CPA 
2-3 Years Experience 
SI 3,ooo-816,ooo 
LOCAL CPA FIRM 
828-6281 

F U L L C H A R G E B O O K K E E P E R , responsible for posting re ce iva ­ bles, p a yab le s, general le d ge r and financial statem ents. Send re su m e to 
T r e a s u r e , 
H O 
Sprucewood, San Antonio 78216__ 

L e g a l s e c re to ry , s h o rt h a n d required, salary com m ensurate with skills and ability. 225-6586 
S E C R E T A R Y $65o 
Fee Pd. Lite bkkp. Super co 
Call Jan 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
SECRETARY fo r autom obile sale s m a n a g e r. 
T y p in g a n d s h o rt h a n d s k il ls necessary. Apply to Joel M c M i ­ llan, S M IT H C H E V R O L E T 1221 
Broadway. 223-428 1 

S E C R E T A R Y 
Neat, good telephone voice, cons­ c ie n tio u s, 
T y p e m in im u m 
SoW PM . Salary open depending upon experience. Fo r interview, call M r.G at 349-2793._____________ 
S E C R E T A R Y , preferably I year experience in insurance. F a n ta s­ tic b o ss, go o d b e n e fits, e a s y working conditions. Send resum e to Exp re ss News Box 4334 S A. 
78297 
4 E C R E T A H Y , Southside, School 
A d m in istra tiv e Office, type 7o 
W PM , varied office duties, a re­ sponsible position tor a m ature accurate and dependable person. 
924-8551.__________________________ 
Seeking legal secretary with ex- p e rie n ce in litigation m a tte rs. 
Good fringe benefits, salary com ­ m ensurate with exp. and ability. 
227-31o6 

61o-OFFICER CLERICAL 
ACCOUNTING CLERK 
K now ledge of b asic a cc o u n tin g fundam entals + I y r office e x ­ perience desired. 
Call Personnel 
G R E A T W E S T E R N 
225-2966 tor appl 
Equol opportunity em ployer 

A C C O U N T S P A Y A B L E 
M ust be experienced. Salary open 
RO O T C A N D L E CO 223-294o 
A C C O U N T S R E C E IV A B L E 
C L E R K . Coll 736-4666 
Accounls receivable posting m a- chine operalor and clerical w ork 
1-9pm. Call Sharon 226-4167 

GENERAL OFFICE 

Bilingual 

Some Collection experience. 
Filing, typing. Profit sharing, paid vacation and holidays. bood working conditions. 

Apply In Person Only 
Penner’s Inc. 
3 1 1 W . C o m m e r c e 
No Phone Calls, Please. 

C H IE F R A D IO L O G IC T E C H ­ 
N O L O G IS T , opening in private office, sala ry open. Send in q u ir­ ies, qualifications and experience to the E x p r e s s and N e w s B ox 
4379, San Antonio, T X 78297 
CO O K for nursing home. E x p e r­ ience p re fe rre d but w ill tra in w illing dep endable em ployees. 
A pply in person, S A N P E O R O 
M A N O R , 616 W. Russell, 732-5181 
D attal A ssista n t, gold oriented practice, m etro H ouston area. 
Fringe benefits. Sa la ry com m en­ surate with experience. Write Box 
29182 Son Antonio 78229 

Experienced Dental Receptionist, northside, take X ra ys 349-3396 

ACCOUNTS 
PAYABLE/ 
PAYROLL 
CLERK 
Individual needed with prior experience in computerized payroll and accounts payable 
Apply in person: 
ST. BENEDICT Hospital 
& Nursing Home 
South Alamo at Johnson 

Equal Opportunity im plorer 

; F u ll tim e c h a irs id e a ssista n t, m inim um J y rs experience. M ust 
: take X rays. S3 75 per hour. Only 
: auulified a p p lic an ts considered. 
A p p lic a n ts w ill be th o ro u g h ly tested 826-6628 
IV N Director of nurses tor n u n - 
I mg home. M r s Holm es 924-5533. 
I L V N for relief 11-7 shift, call 
69o-9974 

LVN 

612 -MEDICAL 
614 SKILLS 

Registered N urse for progressive , o ffice , a s s e s s m e n t o n d m a n ­ agem ent s k ills helpful S a la ry com m ensurate with experience. 
New graduate considered Reply to E x p re ss New s Box 4329 S A 
78297 
R E T IR E D P H Y S IC IA N S 
R E S ID E N T S 
G P S P E C IA L IS T S 
N am e yo u r h o u rs for p h y sic a l e xa m i in our San Antonio Medical office. To p pay. pleasant working conditions 
Coll 
Collect 
(213) 
347-15oo 

RN IVN 
117 
Ail fringe benefits 
Golden Manor 736-4544 

RN S1ooo 
R N Wanted: 
Contact Adm inistrator: 
E d g a r 8 Doyts 
M em orial Hospital 
Luling, TX 
1-875-5643 

C 
A 
R 
P 
E N 
T 
E R 
S 

M U S T B E E X P E R I E N C E D to do maintenance work in new homes 

Call between 8 A.M. and IO A.M. 
3 4 9 - 1 1 1 1 extension 354 

R N s and L V N s applications being a c c e p te d to r sta ff re lie f a n d private duty, p art or full time. 
C h o o se s h ift a n d h o u rs. 
Hom em akers Uplchn 224-2341 
R N s and L V N s needed full and part time, ail shifts. Non sm okers p le a se a p p ly Ioa m -12 H illsid e 
M anor 831o Gault Lone. 828-o6o6 

R N ’S N E E D E D 
IO U C H A R G E 
N u r s e f in d e r s 226 6333 
S a n A n to n io H e a lth S e r v ic e s 
Placem ents, Inc., 84 N E. Loop 
41o, Suite 131E, 349-4313. 
Trainee for H u m a n O rg a n P re ­ s e rv a t io n , o p e r a tin g room experien ce required , bilingual, s o la ry c o m m e n su ra te with e x ­ perience P a id lite and m edical 
In su ran ce , other benefits. Call 
732-4762 or 732 6559 for interview appointment. E q u al Opportunity 
Em ployer________________________ 

TWO BNS NEEDED 
•Assistant Director of N urses 
•Supervisor 3-11 
N on-sm okers please apply 1o-12 at Hillside M anor 828-o6o6 

614- SKILLS~TBADeT " 

■ * ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ * | 

* 

♦ 
* 
» 
I 
* 
♦ Mission Chevrolet Needs Ex- It 
^ periented Tethnkian for Oiesel 4 
J and Gasoline, Heavy Duty Irutks J 
^ nnJ A I lim rn mic ii A « 

Wanted: Experienced 
PIPELAYER 

For Underground Utility Contractor 

Good Pay for Good M anl 

UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED 
758o Grissom Rd. 
6 8 4 - 7 4 o o 

Equal Opportunity Im plorer 

HEAVY DUTY 
TRUCK 
TECHNICIANS 
WANTED 

TRUCK ALIGNMENT MECHANIC 
The Goodyear Truck Tire Center has permanent position tor experienced truck alignment mechanic. Goodyear benefits in­ clude: 

★ Paid Vacation 
★ Free Hospitalisation and Insurance 
★ Pension Program 

To apply write or call for an interview. All information kept confidential. 
F. L. Ntckeson, M anager 
Goodyear Truck Tire Center 
5<m Business Park 78218 
661-8271 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

> ji f v 
> . w # 
**■ > ; y 
* 
* 
• 
• 

 ond Allison Transmission 

Greot Company Benefits, Hospi­ talization Insurance Plan, Paid 
Vocation, Uniform Allowance 

• Equol Opportunity 
Employer • 

Apply in 
Person to 
FRED 
VAUGHN, 
OR 
HARVEY 
HABY, 
OR 
LAWERANCE JETTER 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12oo S.E. Military Dr. 

* ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
* 

Experienced 
PLANT 
MANAGER 

W a n t e d ! 

Heavy experienced in 

 ladies better dresses and 

 sportswear. 
Must be 

 bilingual and relocate to 

Laredo, 
Texas. 
Must be 

 capable of taking care of 

 entire operation on a pro­ 

 fitable basis. 
Excellent 

 salary, profit sharing, 

 company benefits. 
Send 

 resume to: 

Mr. Howard Daniels 

3 8 o 9 P a r r y A v e . 
D a lla s , T X 7 5 2 2 6 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

SHOP FOREMAN 
Light Metalworking 
Second Shift 

Long hours and bord w ork. M ust be bright, dedicated ond 

 determ ined and must be good at m ath including geom etry and 

 trig. 

Should have several years of supervisory experience involving fabrication and assembly. 

Call 656-o259 after 7 p.m. and weekends 

 equal opportunity employer 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
★ Single N eedle operators 
★ Sergers— Se w Sergers 
88 
* Trimmers ijj 
★ Floor girl 
=5 
★ Line Supervisor 
® 
★ Quality Control Supervisor 
Experienced only 
CMT CORP. 
227 Lone Star Blvd. 
226-5526 

EXPERIENCED 
SHEET METAL 
W ORKER 

Capable of own set­ ups on shear-broke ond uni-tooling. 
Top pay and benefits. 
Lancer Corp. 

235 W. Turbo 
344-3o71 

•quai opportunity e m p l o y e r 

SERGERS— 
SEW — SERGERS 
SINGLE NEEDLE 
OPERATORS 
LINE SUPERVISOR 

Experienced Only! 
CMT 
CORP. 
227 lone Star Blvd. 
2 2 6 - 5 5 2 6 

Wanted: Experienced 
OPERATOR FOR UNDERGROUND 
UTILITY CONTRACTOR 

Good pay for G ood manl 

UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED 
758o Grissom Rd. 
6 8 4 - 7 4 o o 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

E X P E R IE N C E D ^ | 
UTILITY 
I 
FOREMAN 
Water and Sewer 
* fringe Benefits 
S T IC H 
C O N T R A C T IN G 
IN C . 
342-3188 
After 6 pm. 
L m m Z 
492-2671 

DATA CONTROL CLERK | 

★ Monday-Friday 
5 

* 11:3o P.M. • 8:oo A.M. 
I 

* Experience needed 
P 

A p p l y in p e r s o n 
I 

FORST NATIONAL BANK | 

Personnel Department | 
9 a.m. - I p.m. ij 

Equal Opportunity Employer I 

I H 
H f l l M l i f l 

GIRL FRIDAY 

BOOKKEEPER 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
E c o n -O -R e s o u r c e s , 82o4 G a r ­ dendale, 699-1o15. rw rw oM B ib to c a t ; 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 o 6 
• 
I X P R t S S A N O N f W S 

Management Trainee 
Excellent training program far an excellent postilion. O ur unique m anagem ent train in g p ro g ra m fo llo w s a w ell p la n n e d , c o m ­ prehensive schedule ond provides you the best o p p o rtu n ity to develope quickly into a m anager of a co n su m e r finance b ra n ch otfice. L ib e r a l e m p lo ye e p r o ­ gress Highschool graduate. Call 
342-9531 between 8-9am for appt. 
Approved tor Veterans on the lob training benefits 

Needed immediately, typing, tight b o o k ke e p in g, fin a n c in g re ta il contracts or hom e im provem ent 
F o r sm all business, payroll etc. | m anogeent e xp e rien ce helpful. 
Oft Sat. and Sun. Age no object. I Salary open M r Adorns, 226-477). 
* chappelle. 
INSURANCE rater 

Insuronce com p any needs rate clerk Al least 1-3 yrs experience. 
Coll Mrs. Jungm onn 736-2411 
Perpetual Inventory Control, oin- bitious self-starter not afraid of work. 4o hour week, 2 years ex­ perience, apply 6127 San Pedro, 

7-3, 11-7. F u ll tim e fo r n u rsin g home, relief oil shifts 924 5533 

LVN Full Time 3-11 
__________ 
922-2761___________ 
L V N 7-3, im m ediate opening. R e ­ sidential center for handicapped children. C all for appointm ent, 
M rs. Rine, 923-75o3.______________ 
L V N N E E D E D 
AM shifts, 3-11, 11-7, 7-3. Apply in person a l St. Benedict Hospital and N u rsin g Home. South Alam o at Johnson, 222-o171. E q u o l Op- portjulty Em ployer.______________ 
L V N Part-Tim e. Northside 
_____________ 684-3194 

LVNs PART TIME 
7-3 and 3-11 

___________ 7 3 4 -7 2 7 1 ____________ 
Medical Assistant 
M u s t be h ig h ly e x p e rie n c e d , bilingual, well groom ed , above a v e ra g e in te llig e n ce . M a te or fe m ale . 
S a la r y op e n a n d adequate. W ork in busy Southside fam ily p ra ctice clinic. Send re­ su m e to R u d y M a r tin e z , 918 
M c K in le y , S a n A n to n io 7821o. 
Equol opportunity em ployer 

TRUCK DRIVI 
WANTED 
HAMUU CA n u CONANT nim m f *f 
• »•» uc*fH«wl Out UM u u H 
I tank 4ri*«n, *i|wrimK«4 1 rn hnlbii apftktmt mutt 
I m u ll rn •«t»ll»irt .In,« | w w : md 
■ • ii r« w 4 owl Ii int w rit,, It im 
"IM I Hit •$•>• quanticdwit wa attar po,i colation), iniorpiico plea, pita ink loo**, kotpilo! pion, lop 
, m i a 8*o,coma minimum iHary Hr 
(vrtitor altariM tiM m i appJRtHani, 
I Contact: 
MATT HOHMANN 
OR TIM MASSIE 
Daily from SAM-5PM 
Oft C O M I BY 
HARRELL CATTLE CO 
H W Y 9o A 
GONZALES, TEXAS 

A IR C R A F T P R O P E L L E R M E - 
C H A N IC needed. 342-4452.________ 
B A R B E R , male or female, nortH- stde. Call M on-Fri, 826-9283 

EXPERIENCED MACHINE 
MAINTENANCE 
MECHANIC 

Needed by established garment manufacture. 
Good benefits. 
Salary open. Apply in person 
S A N T O N E 
IN D U S T R IE S 
6818$. ZARZAMORA 
E.O.E. 

AIR COMPRESSOR 

ANO HOIST 

MECHANIC 
Experience preferred. 
Inside shop and outside service calls. 
Air compressors, hoists, motots ond engines. 

W. M. Smith 
Electric Co. 
494-18o1 Mr. Beasley 

£ 
★ ★ ★ ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
£ 
: auto 
; 
: MECHANICS J 
J 
& 
* 
J TECHNICIANS » 

- Mission Chevrolet Heeds Trained ^ 
X Technicians, 
N I A SI. or 
X Chevrolef Approved Only Greot X ' 
X Compony Benefits, Hospitalize 
^ 
J hon 
Insurance 
Pkm, fold ^ 
T Vocation, Uniform Allowance. 
J ' 

• Equal Oppartunity 
^ 
9. 
Employer • 
+ 

J Apply in Person to FRED j 
J V AUG HN, 
OR 
HARVEY J 

♦ HABY, OR LAWERANCE JET- 
* 

 r MISSION 
: 
I CHEVROLET ? 
J 12oo S.E. Military Dr. 
J 

 l l - * * * * * * * * ★ ★ * ★ ★ * - 

TRUCK DRIVER immediate opening for ti- perienced tractor trailer driver to deliver nursery goods throughout 
Toras ond o«lo for more in formation coll I-393 3161 o r a p p l y In p e r s o n 
GREEN VALLEY 
NURSERIES, INC. 
FM Road 13o3 
Floresville, Texas 

I 

C lerical receptionist opening in local office ot Aetna Life & C a ­ sualty. Typing necessary. B e gin ­ ning salary 55148. Excellent com ­ pany benefits + free parking Coli 
Betty W illiam s 734-7341 E O E 
Clinical laboratory needs T Y P IS T tor 3-1 lpm shift. M ust type at least 
65wpm. Call M s Hickey 69o-122o , M rs'sm ilh 
(8am-Spm M on-Fri) Equal oppor lunity employer 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
P O L IC Y W R IT E R 
Auto and fire plus general office. 
Perm anent position 226 6246 

Equal N E K P U W L 

Full charge Bookkeeper capable of m aintaining books of origin al entry and general ledger. Plea san! N orthside location, s a la ry com m ensurate with experien ce and ability. Respond in your own handwriting ond include earnings history. Reply to E x p r e s s ond 
News Box No. 4375, 78297 
$425 Gen Office $575 
Type 4o! V aried duties! South- 
North. Jim Snowe 923-4369 
Jo ts 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 

$5oo Receptionist >65o 
H eavy fype + p h on e ! Lite file! 
H andle cu sto m e rs + sa le sm e n ! 
Need 2 +p lu sh spot. D a ve C risp 
923-4367 
Jobs South Placem ent 
Service 413 SW M ilitary 

MEDICAL-DENTAL 
Positions available-m any areas 
: 
D R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg. 69o-991o j Medical T ran scriber. M ust have 
I m inim um 2 y rs experience with jh o sp ita l d ic ta tio n . 
M u s t be 
^ a v a ila b le to w o rk w e e k e n d s. i Excellent sa la ry + 8 % different j flat and excellent benefits. Apply 
Personnel Otfice, B e x a r County 
I Hospital 45o2 M edical Dr. 696-3o3o 
I Ext 
221. 
Equal opportunity j em ployer 
______ 

Building M aintenance - janitorial and lite repair duties. Prefer ex­ perience. Apply in person Standio 
Laboratory Inc. 293o E. Houston 
8-11 am or I -4pm 
____ 
Burglar alarm service m an need­ ed immediately, night hours, only those experience need apply. 
226-126o 
_ 
Busin e ss m achine sale sm an de- 
, sirin g m anagem ent opportunity with g ro w in g co m p a n y, s a la ry open Coll 342-3124 for gppt,______ 

RECEPTIONIST 
ANO TYPIST 
P R E F E R 
M A T U R E 
P E R S O N apply in person 
7ooo NW LO O P 41o 
Chrysler Plymouth City 

: P h a rm a c ist needed tor indepen­ dent business. Excellent w orking con d itio n s, good s o la ry , good benefits. Call 224 5o93___________ 
R E C E P T IO N IS T tor solo internist at O ak H ills M e d ica l B u ild in g, must be experienced in medical field, references reauired M on day Friday 8:3o-5 3o, 696 2821 

O N A W A N T A D 
1H [ N U M B I S I O C A L I 
15 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
C X P R iS S A N D N f W S 
* 

C A B IN E T M A K E R 
Experience Neccessary. 733-9117 
A sk F o r M r R o s e n b u s h . 34oo 
F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd, N o rth sid e 
Building M aterials 
C A R D R IV E R S , apply in person. 
South T e x a s T ir e T e st F le e t, 
Devine, Tx. 819 N. Transportation 
D r 
C A R P E N T E R , experienced only, ond laborers. Apply atter tom at 
2o3 Lemur. 732-68o7 
C A R P E N T E R , m u st be e x p e r­ ienced. colt tor an appointment, 
494 J9o9 
C A R P E N T E R S N E E D E D for 
F R A M IN G N o less thon 5 yrs. exp Apply 5ooo NW Industrial Dr. or call 614-76oo between 5*1 M-F. 

CARPENTERS 
Residential Construction 
349-3544 

SERVICE STATION 
MANAGER 

Must be experienced in 
Service 
Station work end management. 
Attractive salary + paid vacation and bonus. 
Apply in person only 
43o2 Broadway 
Wheeler’s Texaco 

C O M P O S IT IO N S H IN G L E R S 
M U S T H A V E C R E W 
Contact M ike Beldon 341-31o1 

<|f r II I I 
, OFFSET PRESSMAN i i tip. offset pressman, greot op­ portunity to odvonce os a craftsman 
Iou will learn to operate the newest 2 ond 3 
( toter rotary forms presses. 4 I 
, Good pay, excellent working , ? conditions, all hinge benefits, including profit sharing 
Professional 
I 
Business Forms 
I 
L - 
227 5321 
. 

EXPERIENCED 

STRUCTURAL 

C O N C R E T E F IN IS H E R S 
■ R ID G E C A R P E N T E R S 
S T E E L T IE R S 
E O E m p lo y e r p a yin g T H D pay scale. 222 o6C6 
_________ 
D E S IG N E R for northside nursery and florist. Call Jam es 733-9854 
$14o Driver Trainee SlSOwk 
Need 16 to start today. A + Co. + future. Ike K elly 923-4366 Job s 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 
____ 
E xp auto m echanic to m aintain small Heel of vehicles Good ben­ efits include furnished house and utilities. 434-o611. 656-1248 
T S------------- 
O N A W A N I 

T H I N C IM U IR I O C A L L 
IS 2 2 5 '6 6 6 
I X Pet $$ AMO N I WS 

Apply 1o819 IH 35 N ' 
9 AM-4 P M or coli 
655*713o 
E Q U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y 
EMPLOYER______ 
E x p e r ie n c e d B E E F B O N E R w on te d 
P riv e t! P a c k in g Co., 
M O S 6o51 or 4o5 211 2418. 

E X P E R I E N C E D m ain te n an c e m an needed to a ssist on la rg e apartment complex Salary com ­ m ensurate with experience. N o experience need not apply. Apply in person, 8448 Country Village. 
C O U N T R Y V IL L A G E A P T S. 

>>!»$ 

|P a g e 
1 2 -F 

Bl 6 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

San .Antonio E X PR E 5S-N E W S — S a turday A p ril 3 o I 

616 fOOB mm SERVICES I 62o • 
616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

* 
LOOKING FOR A FUTURE? 
$ 
, w 
* 
Naugle s is coming to San Antonio! 
;J: 

A family type fast food drive-thru restaurant, Open 24 hours. We are J J : 

 seeking mature adults as full and regularly scheduled part-time lead • J 

 employees. All shifts available. Must be neat appearing, aggressive, and • J ; 

#'• fast moving. Will train. Shift Managers will be promoted from within, 

| 
For application call toll Free 8oo-854-31o2 or 854-31o4 between 9 

 am . and 5 p.m. California time. Ask for Jolene. Your completed ap- 

 plication will be accepted in person at 425o Fredericksburg Road on May 

A 
IO, ll, and 12, 1977 
' 

9 7 7 

HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

7Go 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73IL743 AUTOMOBILES 

62o HELP WANTED 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

We are an Equal Opportunity Employment Company with paid annual 

 vacation, birthdays off, and many other benefits. 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

AIR CONDITIONING 

SERVICEMAN 

EXPERIENCED 

Top wages with a reli- j able company. Must be willing to move to the 
San Angelo Market. 

7 3 2 - 6 5 4 4 

EXPERIENCED SURVEY 
HARTY CHIEF 
Too wages ond benefits 
NKFD NOW 
____________ 655-/223____________ 
E x p e rie n c e d m a n ic u ris t and sculptured nail artist. Call for inte rv iew 341-59o1, 341-4221 or 
Ofter 6 694 8854.__________________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D T A P E A N O 
F L O A T E R . D e p e n d a b le , own tools anransporation 
(prefer 
(truck) 
NORTHEAST 
BUILDERS, 
I____________ 349-4191_____________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
T IR E 
C H AN G ER, salary com m ensur­ ate with experience, apply in per­ son, 17o2 5W M ilitary Dr. Littlelon 
Tire C o 
_____________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D B R AK E AN D 
FR O N T E N D Man, salary plus commission, apply in person, 17o2 
SW Military Dr Littleton Tire Co 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
DOG 
GROOMER 
Apply in person, 
2336 
E. 
Southcross_____________________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
HAIRDRESSER 
Good benefits, vacation 
Maurice's 826-3265 

EXPERIENCED 
FRY COOK 

Apply in person 

Little Red Barn Steak House 

19o2 S. Hackberry 

ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 

Is n o w a c c e p tin g a p p lic a tio n s from 

EXPERIENCED PERSONNEL 

For th e fo llo w in g 
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

• COOKS — With experience in all areas 

 of cooking 

• PANTRY PERSONNEL 

• KITCHEN PERSONNEL 

• BELL ATTENDENTS 

• GENERAL MECHANICS - with experience in refrigeration, heat, light, power. 

 lf you desire ideal working conditions in a progressive work environment that offers excellent employee benefits, pay and career opportunities, apply between the hours of 8 a.rn.-5 p.m., 
Monday-Friday at: 

ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 
E m p loym ent C e n ter 
3 o o E. Travis 
(A t N a v a rro St. Side) 

Equal O pportunity Em ployer 

E X P 
P O R T R A IT 
P H O T O 
G R A P H E R fo r high vo lu m e 
; studio. Must have experience with 
35mm camera 828-5586 
Finish Carpenters Needed: 2818 
NE Loop 41o, P elican’s W harf. 
Call 657 222o. j FLOOR COVERING M ECHANIC 
First class hard surface mechan ic needed t o r lu ll tim e e m ­ ployment. Must be top-notch and have references. Call 734-43o3 for appt. Keller Carpets 
FOUNDRY FO REMAN 
Manganese steel foundry needs a practical experienced foundry man Willing to take a full respon­ sibility for molding and core room o p e ra tio n s . Should be e x p e r­ ienced in green sand m olding 
Strong supervisory skills and a good sense of o rg a n iz a tio n required. Please send resum e and salary requirements to John 
(Ewinq PO Box 9132 San Antonio 
'782o4 

WAITRESSES 

 ap ply in person 

LITTLE RED BARN 
STEAK HOUSE 

I 8 3 6 S. H ackberry 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

ROOFERS 
Comp. Roofers, Most be exp., Al­ so need I sheet metal man, out­ side. 349-72o1 

ROOFERS 
Hot - Composition 
658-83o2 
$725 Route Driver $76o 
Comm. Lie.-bilingual-local del. 
Need 2. Dave Crisp 923-4367 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military 

 j Hairdresser exp needed 1i-7pm at 
J 271o Culebro at N. Gen Mc Mullen 
Call Mrs Rios 432-9741. Guaran teed plus commission. 
H A IR D R E S S E R S , A new plea san t N o rth s id e B eauty Salon wants fem ale hairdressers, full and part tim e. Sunset Solon of 
Beauty, 
239 
W. 
Sunset 
Rd 
828-2948. 
Heavy Equipment Operators for blade, loader and scraper 
349 54o9 
HELP NE E D E D 
Young m ature men lo work in tim ber fob shop No experience necessary. May graduates wel­ come. Call: 
Between 4-5PM. .696-7387 
Between 6-8PM ..435-8663 
$3.oohr 
Front 
End mechanic 
$4 5ohr 
Exp.! Must have tools! Lge. local 
Co 
Dove Crisp 923-436o 
Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary_______________ 
$3 OOhr Mechanics $5 OOhr 
Need IO today-all fields A + Co + future. Ike Kelly 923-4366 
Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military 
Im m ediate openings, assembly lin e w ork for m o d u la r home builder Minimum wage and up, depending on experience. Apply in person. Timely Homes, 11315 N. 
Weidener Rd. 
LAYOUT 
Local tim ber fab m anufacturer 
Needs mature person to work in shop 
M ust be fa m ilia r w ith blueprints. Structural sleet ex­ perience very helpful. Call 
Between 4-SPM .696-7387 
Between 6 8PM. 435 (Mi! 
$6oo Local Delivery $9oo 
Natl Co will train-21 up future minded Joyce Best 923-43«8 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry ______________ 

| MAN OR WOMAN, mechanically i inclined for interesting position. 
Sales experience helpful, and you 
! may double your present income 
, if you qualify. Call for appoint- 
I ment 227-o18o. i M o to rc ycle M ech an ic, exp in 
Honda. Harley, own fools, 661-2212 
N E E D 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
R E M O D E L IN G C A R P E N T E R . 
Dependable own tools and tra n ­ sportation (prefer truck). 
NORTHEAST 
B U ILDER S 
349-4191 
Need Experience Carpet and or 
I Tile Installer, Top Pay, Mostly 
(C o m m e rc ia l 
W o rk, 
G O R E 
FLOORS 323 S W M IL IT A R Y DR 
924-6241. 
MEW STORE o p e n in g 
NE E D TIRE CHANGERS 
FRONT END M ECHANIC 
M U FFL E R MAN 
Only exp erien c ed need app y. 
Contact Don 736-4516 (8am-4pm) 
O PEN IN GS for experienced air conditioning re frig e ra tio n m e­ ch a n ics and sheet m e ta l 
(m e c h a n ic s . P e rm a n e n t e m ­ ployment Contact Jerry Parkis, 
Porkis Air Conditioning Compun v.lnc., 8o7 E 5ih, Odessa, Texas 
915-332-1296 
O P P O R T U N IT Y fo r q u a lifie d 
Mamtenace man in a 42-bed ho­ spital Excellent benefits, salary negotiable, contact Harold Boen- ing at 512-583-34o1 Otto Kaiser 
Memorial Hospital, Box 45o, Ken­ nedy, TX 78119. 
___ __ 

SEAMSTRESS 
Experienced, ladies apparel. Ex­ cellent benefits. Apply in person 
M ENG ER SMART SHOP, North 
Star Mall 
SECURITY GUARDS 
Licensed and experienced 
337-672o 

JACK IN THE BOX 
FAMILY RESTAURANTS 
Needs Night People 
* Part time position from 
IO p.m.-3 a.m. 
Mature and stable in­ dividuals grow with an in­ dustry leader which offers: 
• Paid Vacation 
• Hospitalization lf you are alert, responsi­ ble and a night owl, apply in person 8 a.rn.-5 p.m. 
1o7o E. Court 
Seguin 
No phone calls please 
(qual Opportunity fmployti 

Serviceman Mechanic 
ANDOR 
Construction Equipment 
Experience in trouble shooting and re p a ir ct m e c h a n ic a l, hydraulic ana DC electrical sys­ tems required. Good salary and benefits. Coll 512-732-2131 or send resume to 
Ciosner Equip. Co., Inc 
PO Box 7328 San Antonio 782o7 

$155 Sewing $19o Wk 
•Production Supervisor* 
Knowledgeable! F u tu re + + Need 
2 + F rin g e s . John H a m p to n 
923-436o 
Jobs South Placement 
Service 413 SW M ilitary 
Shampoo Girl 
Roots Unisex 349-3246. 
Structural Steel Detailer Checker for preparation and or checking of structural shop Detail d ra w ­ ings. No design work. Minim un experience 3 years, salary based on experience, fringe benefits. 
Call 512-385-6727. 

3k 

EVENING 
DINNER COOK 

2 yrs. m inim um broiler and 

 saute experience. Hove own 

 transportation. 

 a p p ly in p e rs o n 
M y Place 
R estau ran t 

7114 Blanco Rd. at loop 41o 

M au rice F errell 

3 4 4 - 6 2 1 4 

CARRIERS NEEDED 
Do You: 

Need to earn up to $2oo.oo a month for hrs. work eadt morning. 

Must have reliable transportation. 

M o r n i n g R o u t e s open 

 in: W e s tw o o d V illa g e * 
V a lle y Hi A reas * 
Call 2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 - e x t. 1 2 6 
B e tw e e n 8 :o o a .m . & 5 :o o p .m . 
A fte r 5 : o o p.m . Call 
S. M cKinney 6 7 4 -7 o 7 5 or 
F. M ack 9 2 2 -3 2 9 4 

616 - FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

HALLELUJAH HOLLYWOOD 
WAITRESSES 
1o127 Coachlight 
341-3448 
Apply in person ofter 7pm 

MR. S U H A IL S 
WINDSOR PARK M ALL has openings tor employer with some background in institutional ond-or short order conking. Inter­ ested applicants apply in person 

NEEB IMMEDIATELY 
Experienced Restaurant and Ca­ tering Cook. A ir Force Village 
Foundation 4917 Ravenswood Dr. 
673-2761 Ext 12__________________ 

NEED W AITRESSES IM M E D IA ­ 
TELY, split sniff, 6 days a week. 
A ir Force V illa g e Foundation 
673-2761 Ext 12__________________ 
Night Dishwasher-N.S. 
342 91)39 
Par t time barm aid, dependable, willing to work. 732 o258._________ 
Port time help for catering ser­ vice, must be neat in appearance, must have transportation, for in- teriew 661-6868. 

SURVEY PARTY C H IE F and RODMAN - CHAINM AN 
Consulting engineering firm has openings for Survey party chief and rodmon chainman, with ex­ perience on property surveys and subdivision layout. Salaries com­ m ensurate with ab ilitie s . C all 
349-o151 for appt. 
THE TEXAS ARMY NATIONAL 
GUARD HAS OPENINS FOR: 
COOKS. 
M EC H A N IC S ...C O M ­ 
M U N IC A T IO N S ..^ (R E D IR E C ­ 
TIO N P E R S O N N E L ...C L E R K S - 
CANNONEER 
TRUCK 
DRIVERS...FINANCE 
SPECIALISTS 
One weekend per month and two weeks in summer. 512-226-2691 
TRACTOR TR AILER D R IV E R S for city delivery. Good working conditions, 5 day week Equal op­ portunity employer. 223-3o66 

MORNING WAITRESS 
Needed Immediately 
* Experience and depend­ ability required 
» Must have own trans­ portation 
► Hours 
7:3o a.m.-4:oo p.m., 
Tues.-friday and 
6:3o a.rn.-3:oo p.m., 
Saturday and Sunday. 
Call between 9:3o a.rn.-5:oo p.m. 
492-1o63 

 ask for Mrs. Neiman 
C A N Y O N CREEK 
COUNTRY CLUB 

PREP & DISHWASHER 
WOMEN or M EN 
Experience necessary. Apply in 
I person only 1oam 3pm Tasteset- ter Restaurant North Star Mall, 
Frost Bros., 2nd Floor 

| R E T IR E D , reliable, all around 

I head cook tor relief and vocation work, hours 6am -l :3opm. Call 
534-2892 atter 6pm 

HOTEL 
• MAIDS 
• FRONT OFFICE 
• AUDITING 
• Engineer (nice sal­ ary to experienced engineer) 

A pply 
G u n ter 

MAN TO WORK 
ON FARM 

Must know how to fake core 

 operate all kinds of farm m achinery j 

 and cattle, m ust be experienced and 

 sober, good salary, close ta San A n ­ 

 tonio, house and utilities furnished, 
See o r w rite to: " 
H a rry H ym a n or 
I. Sanchez 
1o3 I. Commerce St. 
■ 
San Antonio, Tx. 782o5 

T H R E E 
Cooks needed fo r immediate employment for one of 
Boer.ie's leading restau ran ts. 
Only 3o minutes from San Anton­ io. Excellent salary. Day or night shifts availaole. Open 7 days, 24 hours on weekends. Call Dennis between 
6am and 
2pm at 
1-249-9917. 

A P A R TM E N T M A N A G ER AND 
ASSISTANT MANAGERS N E E D 
ED. G reat N orthside location. 
Good salary, plus apt. 
APAR TM ENT JOBS OF S A. 
828 9196 
Employment Consultants 
A P a rt tim e s e rv ic e statio n attendant. Apply 43o2 Broadway. 
Wheeler’s Texaco.______________ 
APT. MANAGER N E E D E D , Ser­ vice Couple preferred. No exp necessary. Kelly orea. 341-9359 
APT M GR exp. retired couple preferred for small luxury apt. 
341 1262, 342-4442 

WAITERS, profession! only, up to 
$35o a week, apply 9-1o am, 1o39 
Northeast Loop 41o. 
WAITRESS AND BARTENDER 
No experience, 333-2o53 

APT. MANAGER 
Full tim e, experienced. P refer 
HUD exp. Need own transporta­ tion. Not re q u ire d to liv e on premises. For ast coli 225-2853 

W AITRESSES AND W A ITE R S , apply in person at Billy R'S No 
198, OI 68o2 NW Expressway. 

$2.3o Trainee $2.75 hr 
Need 14 to start today. A + Co. + 
Future. Ike Kelly 923-4366 
Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 
TR IM CARPENTER 
Needed. Cat! Pierre 681-1672 
Truck d riv e r and u tility m an, must know city, hourly pay rote approxim ately $65o per month. 
All applications to A.J. Ploch Oil 
Co., Inc. 5747 Dietrich Rd. 4-5pm dully for interview. No phone calls 
Please. 
Truck Driver and mechanic. Haul heavy construction equipm ent and lite mechanic work. 492-2195 
8-4:3o EOE. 
Typew riter repairman with elec­ tronic experience desiring m an­ agement duties and opportunity with growing com pany, salary open Coli 342-3124 tor appt. 

VW Mechanic needed 
Good working conditions, Salary open. Contact Service Manager, 
915-692-91oo. 
W A N T E D 
C A R P E T L A Y E R 
AND HELPER also rug cleaning helper. Call Mr. Ellis, Magic Car­ pet 344-8285 

$2.5o Order Selectors $3.5ohr 
Warehouse spot-ony exp. helps. 
Need 4! Joyce Bes! 923-4368 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 

W anted now: e x p e rie n c e d boners, steak cutters, ond meat packers Apply 222 E Cevallos, or call 227-2426 for appointment. 

Pest Control firm needs helpful 
H E LPERS. Must have own tran­ spo rtatio n to and (ro m w o rk . 
R eferences req u ired . M ust be bondable. Call 342-2482. 
P IC T U R E 
F R A M E R , experienced, excellent opportuni­ ty, 349-o121.____________________ 
PLANT M A IN TENA N C E 
E st. film p a c kag in g p r in te r, 
(laminator, bog mfg. needs exp. production machinery mechanic. 
Electronic and lathe exp desira­ ble References, perm anent, co. benefits salary open 222-9688 

WAREHOUSE HELP 
E xcellent com pany benefits. 5 day w eek, SO hrs. M u st have commercial license. Out of town approx. 2 nights a w eek. C all 
533-o1o3 for appt 

WAITRESSES 
Excellent tips. Evenings. Exper­ ience necessary. Apply in person only 4-6prn Tues-Sat, 12-6 Sun. 
Grey Moss Inn__________________ 
WAITRESSES AND 
SALAD GIRLS 
Full time. Age 18 or over. Hungry 
Farmer 6318 San Pedro_________ 
W A ITR E SS ES, full tim e. K IT ­ 
CHEN HELP, full and part time. 
Apply in person, El Chico Res- 
.aurant, 123 NW Loop 41o_______ 
WAITRESS, experienced, clean. 
LaPalma Restaurant 7oo S. Santa 
Rosa, no phone coils please 
Waitress, fast, experienced and honest, hrs 8 5. Call 534-2892 after 
6pm 

ASST MANAGER 
Local n o rth sid e co n ven ien ce store has immediate opening for assistant m anager. Must have some cash register experience. 
Polygraph exam required 
All company benefits. Apply in per­ son 6oo3 West Ave at Loop 41o, 
Don's A Ben s___________________ 

Beeline 
226-23G3 

CASHIER H E LP , $2.3onr, 2o 4o | hrs. week (eves and wknds), Stop I 
N Go, 2o4 E.Rhapsody Dr 

Part time lobs 
$95 a week 
Full Tim e Summer 
Positions Available 
$19o per week 
For information call 

WAITRESS for resort ranch. 
Beautiful place to live and w ork. Lost V a lle y R eso rt 
Ranch, Bandera, Tex. Phone: 
1-796 3796 

W HITE BU FFALO CORP needs e xp e rie n c e d c a rp e n te rs w ith tools. Cal! Don after 6PM 344-9654. 
$115 wk Dock Work $125 wk lge Co-promotion spot-21up-neat. 
Jim Snowe 923-4369 
Jobs South 
Placement 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilitary 
Working Supervisor for manufac­ turing plant, Clerical work and production. Ideal for retired m ili­ tary. 225-3158 

P L U M B E R w anted to in s ta ll water softeners. Call 736-6234 

Plumber 
W orking foreman or Qualified journeym an. We have openings for a good mon that wants to ad­ vance in the plumbing business and ultimately earn salary high obove average. Texas Plumbing 
Co., Inc. 8719 Botts Lane. 
P R E S S E R 
P a rt tim e 
Apply 
Hollywood Cleaners, 9o6 N New 
Braunfels 
PR ESSM AN for H a rris and or 
M u ltilifh (m odel 125o) S alary depending on experience 349-1279 
Press operator wanted. Good op­ p ortunity for exp erienced AB 
Dick 36o operator 
Call 826-3255 
9am-5pm. 
P ro fe s s io n a l 
F L O R A L 
OE 
(SIGNER, must be experience. 
(684-4343 

616 

DISHWASHER 
KITCHEN HELP 
Start $2 an hr. Monday to Satur­ day, must hove own transporta­ tion. Apply El Jacalito, 146 N WW 
I White Rd_____________________ 

EXP. DIET COOK' 
I Please apply 1o-12 Hillside Manor, 
831o Gaull Lane. 828 o6o6________ 
Experienced waitress. Apply in person: Pat and G lady's Cotfe 
Shop, 2814 Goliad________________ 
E x p erien ced 
W A IT R E S S E S needed. Apply between 2-5, 7 doys week. H ungry F a rm e r S teak- house, 2119 SW M ilitary Dr. 

W ANTED FOR 
OFFSHORE 
D ependabele w ell gro o m ed stew ard s, b a k e rs and g a lle y hands. Top earnings for qualified personnel plus add itio nal ben­ efits Rapid promotion tor proven ability. Must have own transpor­ tation and telephone. Some jobs available overseas for individuals w ith passp o rt and s e a m a n 's papers. Also lobs available on the 
East and West Coast and Alaska. 
Personal interview at ARA SER­ 
VICES, Junction of LA Hwy 24 and 316, Gory, Louisianna, 7o359. 
(5o4)876-o881 or 1-8oo-535-5948 An 
Equal Opportunity Employer M-F 
Western Bar Maid wanted, South­ side. 732-6135 

341-22o5 

DELIVERY PERSONS 
For M o th ers D ay W eekend. 
LAVERNE'S FLOWERS, 344-3423 
Experienced telephone solicitors, full time, salary plus commission. 
734-7257 
E x p e rin e c e d T ru c k D riv e rs 
Wanted 492-2146 

G18-PARY TIME 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
Cosm etics-parf tim e available. 
Mature woman only. Call 344-1891. 
FLOOR COVERING HELPERS 
Steady work. Must be reliable and have tra n s p o rto tio n . C e n tra l 
Floor Covering, 6S3-445I 
GOLDEN O P P O R T U N IT Y , For am bitious people. $11,999 p art time. Appointment from resume early May. Write Express News 
Box 4524, 78297. Reply assured. 

A ttra c tiv e e x p e rie n c e d 
B a rten d re ss and W a itre s s e s . 
Plays pool 5114 S. Presa. 

I Experienced Bartendress W ai- 
; tress, apply in person between IO i am-4 pm, Fiddler's Green, 56oo 
Walzem Rd, 656-3168 or 733-o246 

BAYOUS Seafood Restaurant needs Evening Shift COOKS, FR Y 
COOK 2617 Wogonwheel 828 5726 

E x p e rie n e d Cooks and W a i­ tresses needed at Billy R's, No. 88, apply in person at 918 N. Main 

COOK and WAITRESSES 
Evening and graveyard shifts apply in person 
BILLY R S 
98 NE LOOP 41o 
See Mr. Duran 

Full and part tim e cooks, w ai­ tresses, dishwashers. Dos Amigos 
Mexican Restaurant, 8624 jones 
Maitsberger. 

COOKS AND WAITRESSES 
Apply in person 15o8 Broadway, 
Pig Stand no. 29. 

Progressive company needs AS­ 
S E M B LY LINE WORKER 4o hr week Experience with m aterial handling and mechanical ability helpful. Opportunity for advan­ cement Call 661 5374 tor appt. 

QUILTER 
Experienced in machine quilting, or will tram. Call 736-6387 . 

COUNTER HELP 
Must be attractive and have neat appearance. 
Apply in person 

Wtiopperburger 
2922 
West 
A ve. 
1o:3oam — 2pm 

FULL OR PART TIM E 
COUNTER OR 
BUS HELP 
Apply in person only before Ham or atter 2pm 
BILL M ILLER BAR BO 
2456 Harry Wurzbach equal opportunity employer 

FULL-PART TIME 
COUNTER OR 

BUS HELP 
Apply in person only 

Dancers Wanted 
Go Go Exotic lo p solory 226-2514 
7 3 DINN ER COOK, 3-11 and 11-7 
SH OR T O R D E R COOK A N D 
WAITRESS Call (or an appoint­ ment, 699-154o. 

241o NACOGDOCHES equal opportunity employer 
Good looking, sharp Cocktil w ai­ tresses ond one good looking male bartender needed now 732-9829 

TMI NUMBiH TO C A II 
15 2 2 5 -1 6 o o 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

PART TIME 

SUMMER TIME 

EM PLOYMENT 

DELIVER MORNING 
' EXPRESS 

TO APT. HOUSES 

I Vt to 2 hrs. Each A.M. 

AREAS: 

EVERS and WURZBACH 

PINN OAK and OAKDALE 

Profit according to size of route 

CALL 1o:3o AM-9:oo PM 

6 7 3 - 1 4 6 7 

 on e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity em plo yer 

GOOD OPPORTUNITY 
Retail liquor chain needs full time sales clerk (or northside stores. 
Age over 35 preferred. Retoil ex­ perience of some kind preferred, no necessarily liquors. Polygraph exam required. All company ben­ efits. Apply in person Don's & 
Ben’s 6oo3 West Ave at Loop 4iQ 
HANDYM AN 5 days’, must have j driver’s license. Apply 9-4 Town­ house Mole! 942 NE Loop 41o. 
HANDY MAN to help in sign shop. 
14o7 W. Hildebrand. 
HOLIDAY DRIVERS needed for Mother’s Day. $3 per hour or commission. Must hove own transportation. Call 699-o281 or 828 6822 

HOLIDAY HELP 
Students, kids, etc, needed to sell flowers for Mother’s Day. $3 per hour or commission. Transporta­ tion provided. 699-o281 or 828 6822 

. 
TOUS AAN" mu 
IN THC EXPRESS NCWS 
CAU 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

Additional 
Classified 

St # ii 

 r n 

■UM 

 f # - 

■ 

 v s 
* 

AUF. 
’ S K S ! 

" * 

M i rn 

. 
* 
£ 
o 
4 
2 
* 
^ isbP ast MO. 

WITH $495 
DOWNPAYMENT 

33 MPG 

1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE! 

RICHT MOW 
AU FACTORY STANFA! 
EQUIPMENT 
RD 

S T A I 9 2 * 
K “ (PM O . 

WITH $495 
(DOWNTOWN PAYMENT 

22 MPG 
1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE 

CAMARO 
COUPE 
MODS. IHD87 
UST $4428.45 
RIGHT NOW *3995 
AU FACTORY STANDARD 
EQUIPMENT 

M 
O 
N 
T I 
■ l l R P 
M O C * 
UST $5923. soft* *5o95 
AU FACTORY STANDARD 
EQUIP. PLUS AIR CONDI­ 
TION, TINTED QLASS, AND 
WHITE SIDEWALLS 

IMPALA a door 

 i m 

**r ”. 
9Bic 
MO. 

WITH $495 

DOWN PAYMENT 

2 o MPG 

1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE! 

K i e l 

WITH $595 

DOWN PAYMENT 
17 MPG 

1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE 

I 

$ 
1 
1 
J 
C 
2 
5 
* 

 m 
\ ' I * .... 

 i m i i mm 
V C K i K O I f 
AU STD. FACTORY EQUIP­ 
MENT PLUS 3o5 V-8, AIR 
C O N D IT IO N , TINTED 
GLASS* WHITE SIDEWALLS* 
AND OTHER EXTRAS 

WITH $ 6 9 5 

DOWN 

18 MPG 
1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE 

 o s 
* 
MO. 
MOOS CC1o7o3 
UST $4445 

 n i m 

ALL STAI 

WITH $ 5 9 5 

DOWN PAYMENT 

2o MPG 
1977 COMBINED ESTIMATE 

* ALL MONTHLY PAYMENTS BASED ON 48 MONTHS AT 
1o.97 APR WITH DOWN PAYMENT AS SHOWN AND 
QUALIFIED CREDIT. LOCAL TAX & LICENSE NOT IN­ 
CLUDED. 

 r- 

- “V * 

YOU WILL FIND COMPARABLE TERMS AND SAVINGS ON 
OVER 8oo NEW CARS AND 6oo NEW TRUCKS IN STOCK 
OR ON ORDER. 

 mm 

SHOW ROOM 
4