T W O 
$ 1 , o o o B O N U S N U M B E R S in the Exoress-News Giant Double 'a st O-Rama 

SPORTS 
FI M L 
F 

354 

JU N E 5 , 1 9 7 7 

T H E SU N D A Y 
EXPRESS NEWS 

Am erica’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

IO U !* AST 

P artly cloudy, w arm . 
High. 9o. Low. 7o. De­ tails, Page IK. 

SATURD'.Y TEMPERATURES 
IN C O IU M N IW O 

 nim 
LAthJUAdC 
HOW YOU 
SLEEP REVEALS 
YOUR INNERMOST 
PERSONALITY Page IE 
KLEPPER’S 
COASTAL ^ 
FISHING > > 
GUIDE 
^ exclusive! 
. bection 5 

THIS WEEK IT S 
KATE! 
SHE S IN A 
DAZZLING 
LIVING, 
COLOR 
PULLOUT 

PYRAMID 
POWER 
WATERGATE 
WASN’T THE 
FIRST 
FIGHT 

Bad seafood entering U.S. 

By MICHAEL QUINTANILLA 
Hector Martinez, 2o-year-old 
San Antonian who underwent a rare and successful bone m a r­ row transplant nine months ago, died at Bexar County Hospital 
Saturday. 
Word ol' his death cam e from his sister. Eletisia. 
“ He wasn't responding to the m a ­ chines,” sin* said. “ The doetors kept tellin g us he w as losing Iiis h ea rt heat.” 
Hector had been admitted to Bexar 
County Wednesday alter doetors dis­ covered, through x-rays, “ a liquid near his lungs,” Eletisia said. 

“ The doetors told us then they had found a little m ore than a quart of leukemia cells in his lungs. I know he was coughing a lot.” she said. 
“ I thought then, on Wednesday tint lie only had a couple of days, but I never realized he would die." 
She said H ector went into shock about 8:2o p.m . S a tu rd a y . He had complained all day that he was hot. she said. 
Eletisia said an oxygen mask was given to Hector in hopes of regulating his breathing which had worsened with his constant cough She said he was placed in intensive care at about 2:2o a.m. 
M inutes before H ector died, she said, “ he was real cold. He broke out 

 into a cold sweat, but he seemed okay. 
He didn t want to eat anything for the past few days. 
“ I rem em ber the doetors telling us that tie might not make it.” she said 
“ Von know H ector’s birthday was coming up this month, on the I St Ii. We were planning a trip to Corpus Chris­ ti.” 
Determined 
“ He was always so determined. He never doublted he could lick Ins condi­ tion. So determined. Ile would tell me at times. ‘I know a lot of people suffer, but why m e?’ ” 
“ He knew he was suffering, but he was always the eternal optimist. Now he’s peaceful. He looked so peaceful. 

By JERRY DEAL 
Contaminated or spoiled sea­ food barred from U.S. entry at eastern seaports is being chem­ ically treated in Mexico and slipped into Texas, the Ex- press-News has learned. 
Millions of pounds of .seafood an­ nually enter the U.S. after the chem i­ cal tre a tm e n t, according to g o v ern ­ ment sources. 
Some 95 per cent of the food involved is shrimp but lobster, crab and frogs' legs are also un d erg o in g the t r e a t ­ ment. according to the sources. 
Much of the international traffic iii tre a te d seafood e n te rs the U.S. at 
Brownsville, aided by loopholes in U.S. law and poor staffing by the U.S. Food 
'President is like a judge’ 

“ W ell, w hen the P r e s id e n t does it, that means that it is not illegal.” 

— Richard Nixon, to David Frost. May 
19. 1977 
“ In d e a lin g with a m a jo r threat to the public sa fe ty , a presid en t who let h im s e lf be paralyzed by the strict letter of the law would v iolate his o a th .” —Special Nixon s ta te m e n t. 
June t. 1977 

 w a s h i n g t o n s t a r se rv ic e 
WASHINGTON - Richard JVI. 
Nixon insists that presidents must be able to “ adapt tilt4 law” so that it fits their idea of the nation's needs in times of stress. 
When lie sees an “ em erg en c y .” a president may not be bound by “ the strict letter of the law.” Nixon says in a lengthy defense of his m u ch -criti­ cized view of W hite House authority. 
His new statement, submitted to the 
Washington Star Saturday, goes consi­ derably beyond the rem arks he made iii the third television interview with 
David Frost last month. 
Basically, he contends that presi- 
See NIXON, Page UA 

 and Drug Administration (EDA). 
Once in this country the seafood be­ com es alm o st im p o ssib le to trac e, partly because it gets lost in the huge flow of seafood from Mexico. 
That country is the leading foreign s u p p lie r of s h r im p to th e U nited 
States. 
Most of the tainted shrim p originally comes from Asia. 
The flow of bad seafood has Texas shrim pers an gry that they are being circumvented and afraid that possible food poisoning eases could have disas­ trous economic effects on legitim ate fishermen. 
Government sources say su p erm a r­ ket chains do not buy seafood from dubious suppliers and thus are unlike­ ly to be selling any of the treated sea­ food. 
A large percentage of the seafood in question originates in India. Taiwan and Bangladesh and is shipped to m a­ jor seaports in the eastern U.S. 
The food actually enters the country but must be kept in refrigerated ware­ houses under U. S. Customs Service bonds. 
Refusal 
Much of the food is approved by in­ sp e cto rs but o ccasio n ally th e long voyage and tim e delays m ean s h ip ­ ments are spoiled or contaminated. In such cases U.S. inspectors refuse to certify the food. 
Owners of tilt' food then have 9o days to bring the food up to U.S. standards or destroy it. It can also be removed to another country. 
In d u stry sp o k e sm en told the E x ­ press-N ew s that the seafood can so­ metimes be reprocessed and brought up to U. S. standards. Doing so in the 
U. S. is expensive because of strict quality standards. 
For that reason much of the spoiled shrimp is trucked cross-country from the East Coast into Mexico, w here treatment is cheaper and Mexican in­ sp e cto rs a re m o re lax th an in the 
United States. 
U.S. in sp e cto rs say they have no control over this shrim p-shuttling be­ cause the seafood technically has not been adm itted to the United .States and thus is not subject to U.S. jurisdiction. 
Banned 
Mexico does not allow sale of the treated shrim p in that country. 
The tr e a tm e n t p ro c e s s in v o lv e s harsh chem icals, according to Texas 
Shrimp Assn. Executive Dir. Robert G. 
M auermann. If shrim p has begun to turn gray, it is bleached with a solution of sodium bisulfide. 
It is also dipped in chlorine to cover 

TEARS OF JO Y flo w e d as Hector stepped off an airplane into his fa m ily ’s arm s last 
D ecem ber afte r his operations. He h u gge d his sister, Eletisia, as his m other, M rs. 
Felipe M artinez, looke d on tearfully 
Terrorists’ hostages 
OK, m ediators report 

All I can think is that God wanted it lins way,” she said. 
Hector first learned he had leukemia while enrolled in a tennis class at San 
Antonio College du rin g S ep te m b er, 
1975. Ile was a graduate of Jefferson 
High School. 
He had lymphocytic leukemia — the rarest type of the seven known kinds of leukemia — which called for a bone mallow transplant. 
W ith th e help of B ishop P a tric k 
Flores and Sister M a rg a rite Hill of 
Ursuline Academy, a fund drive was instigated to help defray the cost of the 
$2o,(MMT operation Hector would later have performed in Seattle, Wash. 
Donor lbs 21-year-old brother, Roger, was the d o n o r in th e m u eh-publieiz.ed operation conducted at the Fred Hut­ chinson Cancer Research ( ' ( M i t e r . 
T h at 4Vi-hour o p era tio n w as sue- cescfully performed on Sept. IO, 1978. 
Two days after that operation Hector |§ i said in a telephone interview from his jj hospital bed, ” 1 thank God and all of 
San Antonio for this m iracle.” 
Three months later and barely two weeks before Christm as, Hector was greeted at San Antonio International 
Airport upon his return with a surgical mask covering his nose arid moulin 
From that time on, Hector visited |J f 
B exar County H ospital for m o n t h l y ! bone m arrow biopsies, sp in al taps, I blood counts and chest X-rays. 
Smile 
On M ard i IO, Hector unveiled his | smite. He had to wear the m ask for I health reasons. 
“ I rem em ber getting off the plane f wearing the mask, hiding my smile — I 
I won t have to hide it a n y m o r e ,” I 
Hector said during the removal of the | surgical cloth. 
' n 
But, in spite of Hector’s optim ism, | w illin g n e s s an d faith in p u llin g I through his serious condition, he was I once again confronted with the ordeal j j | of two more operations. 
On April 2 Hector underw ent two g operations, both dealing with breath- I ing complications and his heart. The I second operation resulted in tin* remo- I val of a tum or located near his heart 
After that operation Hector was re- I ported in good condition, continued his I monthly visits to Bexar County Hosp!- jp tai and underwent a series of radiation tre a tm e n ts at the C ancer R esearch 
Center. 
Funeral arrangem ents are pending. 
“ We, our family, would like to tell the people who contributed to his operation 
— for H ector — thank you all very m uch,” Eletisia said. 
“ Hector would always want to know what w as going on i i i San Antonio while he was in Seattle and so many people were concerned — that m eant a lot to him aud to us.” 

Inside the Express-N ew s 

A ction/E xpress.............................. 2K 
A r t s .....................................................SH 
Rooks...................................................8H 
Business...............................Section G 
Classified ad s.................... Section D 
Deaths.................................................2K 
Editorials...........................................HI 
Horoscope........................................ JE 
Movies ...............................................811 
Politics........ 
Scene............ 
Soap operas 

211 
Sections E.E 
.............................2C 

S p o rts................................. Section S 
T rav el.................................. Section G 
W eath er.............................................IK 
COLUMNS 
Dear Abby........................................ JE 
Jack Anderson................................ 411 
Dan Cook......................................... 2S 
Dedication R ew ard ed 
... 4B 
Dan K lepper................................. IQS 
Vnn L anders.................................... SE 
Paul Thom pson...............................3A 

Chuckle 

In spite of all you read and hear, a lot of men get m arried in June, too. 

 l l ITH YEAR N O . 71 

SATURDAY S TEMPERATURES 
1 a m. 
2 a m. 
3 a rn. 
4 a m. 
5 a m. 
6 a m. 
7 a m. 
8 a.m. 

9 am. 
1o a m. 
11 am. 
Noon 
1 D .m . 
2 D.m. 
3 p.m. 
4 p.m. 

5 p.m. 
6 D.m. 
7 p m. 
8 D.m. 
9 p m. 
1o p.m. 
11 p.m. 
M id n igh t 78 
228 PAGES 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
ASSEN, The Netherlands - 
Two South Moluccan mediators who boarded a hijacked train 
Saturday reported they got as­ surances from South Moluccan terrorists that 55 hostages are 
“ in fairly good condition.” 

Mediators Josina Soumokil and Dr. 
Hassan Tail spent about six hours on the train talking with the terrorists in an attempt to end the 12-day-old siege. 
They then went to the siege center in 
Assen and reported to Dutch authori­ ties, said Tons Faber, a justice m in ­ istry spokeswoman. 
Ju stic e M inistry sp o k esm an W on van Leeuwen said a report of what the m e d ia to rs said w as ru s h e d to th e 
Hague where Prim e Minister loop den 
Uyl and other ministers were in em e r­ gency session. 
He told r e p o r te r s the m e d ia t o r s walked through the section of the train where the hostages were held but did not speak to them. 
Mrs. Faber said there was no deci­ 

 sion on when the next meeting would take place. Referring to the two inter­ mediaries as “ contact persons,” she said Tan relayed the rep o rt on the condition of the hostages. 

I 

TERRORISTS w a v e farew ell to negotiators ap wirephoto 

Mrs. Faber quoted Tan as saying the terrorists reported they were giving the best of care to a 23-year-old woman who is seven months pregnant. They told Tan she had been given her own compartment on the train. 
Progress 

T h e re was no in d ic a tio n if th e m e d iato rs had m a d e any p ro g re s s toward ending the siege th at began 
May 23 when one band of a r m e d 
Moluccans seized the train while a n ­ other group seized a school house at 
Bovensmiide on the outskirts of Assoil. 
Four Moluccans continued to hold four teachers hostage at the school, but they were not directly involved in the nego- tations. 

Reporters saw gunmen on the rear platform of the train wave goodbye to 
Mrs. Soumokil and Tan as they walked away from the train to a waiting car. 

The te rr o r is ts o rd e re d tw o e x tra m eals sent aboard the train for the mediators. They dined on m eatballs. 

See HOSTAGES, Page HA 

You «*an w in ca sh 

\ oil could he holding up to $2.5(1o cash in your hands right now if you have the right TV NOW and SAN 
ANTONIO STAR num bers for the 
E xpress-N ew h DOI BLE CAMEO 
KAMA! 

T h at’s right — there is a $1,ooo bonus n u m b e r for the TV NOR 
( ASH O R AMA aud a $1,ooo win­ ning num ber for (he SAN ANTONIO 
STAR ( ASH O K AMA. 
Alf you have to do is m atch one of the lucky $1,ooo winning numbers from the covers of last Sunday 's TV 
NOR and SAN ANTONIO ST AK and 
VOL AKE A CASH RINNER. 

 lf you a re su p e r lucky and can m atch both covers with winning numbers, you have won $2,ooo. 

T here is also a big s u b s c rib e r bonus w h ere up to $5oo can be claimed. 
No purchase is necessary. Win­ ning nu m b ers, free copies of TY 
NOR and the SAN ANTONIO STAR are available in the Express-News lobby Monday through Friday from 
8:3o a.m. to 5 p m. 

S an Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday June 5 1977 
Carter’s son eludes press in Mexico 

President C arter’s son, Jeff, has been able to elude rep o rters and photographers while on a college archeological tour of the M ayan ruins, thanks to tight security by 
Mexican and U.S. officials. 
Carter, 25, a geograophy student at George Washington University, and his wife Annette, are touring ruins in the states of Yucatan and 
Quintana Roo along with IS class­ mates. E a rlie r in the week, they toured ruins in Guatemala. 
A White House Secret Servcice detail and Mexican authorities have turned buck re p o rte rs ’ efforts to cover the student group and their itinerary has not been disclosed. 
A Mexican agent said the heavy s e c u rity w as o rd ered to g u a rd against any possible terrorist a t­ tem p t by M exico’s m ost activ e g u erilla gro u p , the 23rd of S ep ­ tember League. 
A local newspaper reported that 
Carter and some students made a shopping tour of the city on Friday. 
Jazz leader Kenton recovering from surgery 

Trudeau reunion cancelled 

M a ig a re t 
T ru d e a u says professional r e a ­ sons have led h e r to can ce l a s c h e d u le d reunion w ith h er e s ­ tranged husband, C an­ a d a 's P rim e M in ister 
P ie r re T ru d e a u , and two of their children. 
E a r lie r, M rs. T r u ­ deau said they would m e et in London for celebrations of the 25th a n n iv ersary of Queen 
E lizabeth’s succession 

 to the British throne. 
She had planned to be there to take still pho­ tographs for ABC News w hile T ru d e a u co n ­ ferred with other Com­ m o n w ealth le ad e rs. 
While his ta lk s w ere going on, she had p lan n ed to tak e the children on a short tour of France. 
M rs. T ru d e a u said 
Friday she felt all the publicity surro u n d in g 

 her s e p a ra tio n would 
“ put more attention on the photographer than the p h o to g rap h e d ” in 
London. 
She will stay in New 
York and appear on the 
ABC “ Good M orning, 
A m erica” show to dis­ cuss her children’s fu­ ture. show pictures she has ta k en of C uban leader Fidel Castro and talk about her fam ily life. r 
WSB 

The man under the hat is Eng­ land’s Prince Charles on parade in 
London Saturday in his uniform as colonel of the W e lsh G u a rd s, rehearsing for the Trooping of the 
C o lo r ce re m o n y in the H o rse 

G u ards Parade which takes place next 
S a t u r d a y to m ark the 
Queen s official birthday 

•Jazz band leader Stan 
Kenton is im p ro v in g following brain surgery at Reading Hospital in 
R eading, P e n n ., but th ere a re no p lans lo release him. a hosnital spokeswomen said. 
“ I think they (doctors) are just happy that they’ve transferred him from intensive care to a regular nursing unit.” 

 she said. 
Kenton was admitted to the hospital May 23 with a fractured skull and a blood clot behind the skull. 
He was operated on May 24 to 

 relieve the pressure in his skull. 

Kenton has been a leading jazz figure for several decades. 
See FLIPSIDE 

Toymaker in 
Hall of Fame 

G eorge W illig. th e New York toymaker who scaled M anhattans^ tallest building, has been inducted into the Guinness Hall of Fame. 

A certificate citing the "suoerla- tive” feat was presented to the 
27-year-old Willig Friday. It noted a display depicting his climb would be set up at the Guinness Records 
Exhibit Hall in the E m pire State 
Building. 

A spokesm an for the G uinness 
Book of World Records said a com­ mittee would decide soon whether to list Willig’s climb to the top of the 
World Trade Center. 
WILLIG 
Gay showdown’s near 

 n e w VORK TIMES SERVICE 

MIAMI - After four and one-half months of acrymonious arg u m e n t, 
Miami voters will decide 
T u esd ay w h e th e r to uphold or repeal a county ordinance that bars dis­ crim ination against ho­ m o sex u als in e m p lo y ­ ment, housing and public accommodations. 
The outcome is expect­ ed to be vhist'. But what­ ever tilt' result, the de­ bate seems likely to con­ tinue. 
The Miami dispute is the first of its kind in a major U.S. city. It has focused national a tte n ­ tion on the long-smoul­ dering question of what legal and social status to accord the nation’s ho- 

The outcome is expected to be close. Hut whatever the result, the debate seems likely tit continue 

 m osexuals. who consti­ tute 5 to Kl per cent of the population by many esti­ mates. 
Both sides in the fight have called in o utside help, have raised funds natio n ally and have served notice they will co n tin u e th e stru g g le elsewhere in the country afte r T u e s d a y ’s ballo t­ ing. 
On this final weekend before the vote. Miami newspapers and airways are filled w ith tens of th o u sa n d s of d o lla rs worth of last-minute ex­ hortations and warnings. 

The advertisements of 
Save Our Chidldren, the leading anti-homosexual group, term homosexua­ lity a religious abomina­ tion and a s s e r t that homosexuals recruit and molest children. 
The advertisements of the Coalition for Human 
Rights, the leading ho­ m osexual g ro u p , wave the spectre of Nazi-style oppression and contend that homosexuals are not interested in children but in personal freedom. 
On F rid ay , the coali­ tion attempted to discre­ dit the m o lestatio n 

 charge by holding a news conference at which four p s y c h ia tris ts , am o n g ' them John Spiegel, past president of the A m eri­ can Psychiatric Associa­ tion. declared in a joint statement: 
Defense 

“ Homosexuals are not child m olesters. H om o­ sexuals as ‘role m odels’ do not influence c h i l­ dren's sexual orientation. 
Homosexuals are capable of being productive and responsible m em bers of society. The basic issue is a sim p le m a tte r of 

DO W N TO W N 9:3o TO 5:3o M O N THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND D O W N T O W N STORE pincus 
■compflny 
SUBURBAN 9 3o TO 6.oo M O N. THRU SAT. 
ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS H ONO RED 

 prejudice and discrim in­ ation v e rsu s hum an rights." 
The 
Rev. 
T h ed fo rd 
Johnson, pastor of Mia­ m i’s St. Jo h n 's Baptist 
Church, countered at a news conference called by Save O ur C h ild ren that the basic issue was not h u m an rig h ts “ by any stretch of the im a ­ gination." 
The hom osexual com ­ munity in Miami is cen­ tered m ainly in the Co­ conut G rove section of the city and is a relative­ ly small and quiet com­ munity com pared to ho­ m osexual co m m u n ities in cities like New York and San Francisco. 
The m ain reason the 
M iam i c o m m u n ity b e ­ came the focal point of a n atio n al “ g ay r i g h t s ” fight r a th e r th an New 
York or San Francisco, is 
Anita Bryant, the lop pop s in g e r an d te lev isio n p ro m o te r of 
F lo rid a orange juice. 
When the local county co m m issio n passed an ordinance early this year that banned d iscrim ina­ tion a g a in s t h o m o se x ­ uals, M iss B ry an t, a 
Miami resident, became greatly disturbed. 
Out of closet 
S everal dozen o th er 
American cities have en­ acted sim ilar ordinances in recent years as homo­ sexuals, encouraged by the civil r ig h ts m o v e­ m ent. have begun to 
“come out of the closet" and voice their own de­ mands. But none of the other cities have had an 
Anita Bryant. 
A deeply relig io u s mother of four school-age children, she imm ediate­ ly b eg an s p e a k in g out against the Miami ordin­ ance, help ed o rg an iz e 
Save Our Children, then gathered enough petition signatures to force a re­ ferendum on the ord in ­ ance. 
“ If h o m o se x u ality were the normal way, she a s s e rte d . “ God would have m a d e A dam and 
Bruce." 
Miss Bryant’s national reputation and her strong ties to the m ore funda­ m e n ta list w ing of the 
Baptist Church have en­ abled Save Our Children to raise almost $2oo.OOO for its anti-hom osexual c a m p a ig n . At le ast a third of the money has been raised o u tsid e of 
Florida. 
The c o n tro v e rs y has cost Miss Bryant some en- te rta in m e n t e n g a g e ­ m en ts and has m ad e 
Florida citrus growers a bit edgy. But she has re­ fused to back off and now is helping Save Our Chil­ dren open a Washington office. 
The leading figure in the Coalition for Human 
R ig h ts, M ia m i’s m ain hom osexual g ro u p , is 
John W. C a m p b e ll, a well-to-do operator of a chain of 411 “gay” baths. 

U.S. firms 
£ want Cuban reparations 

A N IT A B R Y A N T 

“ Unless we loose badly on T u e s d a y ,” he said after Friday’s news con­ feren c e, “ Anita could well be the best th in g that has ever happened to gays. She’s mobilized us all over the country. The issue is really out in the open now. T h e r e ’s no turning back. It has to be faced." 
The coalition has raised almost $3oo,ooo for the M iam i b attle, p e r ­ haps half of the money outside of F lorida. Ho­ mosexuals in New York have held fu n d -raisin g dances. 
In San Francisco, the hat has been passed re ­ peatedly in “ gay ” bars, most of which refuse to sell Florida orange juice. 
Professionals 
Campbell and the coa­ lition have recruited se­ veral p o litica l p r o fe s ­ sio n a ls to help in the c a m p a ig n to sa v e the 
M iam i a n ti-d is c rim in a ­ tion ordinance. 
Among them are two homosexuals — Jim Fos­ ter, an aide to G eorge 
M oscone, the M ayor of 
San Francisco, and E th ­ an Geto, an aide to Ro­ bert A bram s, the p resi­ dent of New York City’s borough of the Bronx. 

E O S ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - When Fidel 
Castro came to power in C u b a , he boasted that he’d confiscate everything from American in­ vestors there “ down lo the nails in their shoes.” 

It was no idle threat. Before long, armed revolutionary soldiers grabbed everything in sight — hotels, bank branches, oil refineries, sugar planta­ tions, shoe and tire factories and gambling casinos. Farm s and homos were taken from individuals. Their owners received not a dime in pay­ ment. 
When it was all over, Castro had grabbed nearly 1,ooo companies. The total tab: $1.8 billion, tne largest un­ compensated expropriation of Ameri­ can property in U.S. history. 
Today, 17 years later, those com­ panies want to be paid for their lost properties. With the interest the fe­ deral government says is due them, the compensation they dem and has doubled. They’ll howl bloody m urder 
— indeed som e already are doing exactly that — if this country lifts its embargo against Cuba without first settling the question of claims. 

Want reparations 

No A m erican-owned property any­ where in the world is safe from a si­ milar fate unless some kind of repara­ tions are made, they maintain. 
Thus, the dem and for the return of the expropriated properties of Ameri­ cans — both corporations and indivi­ duals — stand as a major obstacle to any normalization of relations between the Castro governm ent and W ashing­ ton. 
B ecause Cuba is so close to this country Am erican investm ents there were huge indeed. 
“ It was almost an extension of the 
U.S. economy down there," says Way­ land McClellan, general counsel of the Foreign Claim s Settlem ent Com­ m ission of the U nited S ta te s , the agency which certified that $1.8 billion had been tak en by Cuba fro m 979 
American companies and 8,625 indivi­ duals. 
When Castro took over in 1959 about one-eighth of all U.S. direct invest­ m ents in Latin A m erican countries were in Cuba. A third of these invest­ ments w ere in public utilities; one- fourth were in agriculture; 15 per cent were in petroleum and 12 per cent in manufacturing. 
Total sales of Cuban subsidiaries and branches of U.S. companies were more than $7o1) million annually just before the revolution. 
The biggest single claim. $1o9 m il­ lion plus $1o4 million interest, is that of a Borden unit. North American Su­ g ar Industries. O ther c laim an ts in­ clude United Brands, Firestone Tire and R ubber, U niroyal, FAV. VVooI- 

Lren if Cuba did admit thai it (Hied tho A m e ric a n s compensation jar the seized properties* it couldn't aet ap the money tit pay 

 worth. Continental Can. Atlantic Rich­ field. Hilton International Hotels and 
Procter and Gamble. 
Lobbying 

The lobbying against resumption of trade with Cuba by these and other companies is intense. 
One of the loudest voices comes from a group calling itself the Joint Corpor­ ate Committee on Cuban Claims. It is made up of 5o m ajor A m erican cor­ porations with claim s against Cuba totaling $762 million. With the interest for m ore than 16 y ears added, the committee says its members are owed 
$1.5 billion. 
It is headed by Robert VV. Hutton. 
P re sid e n t of Lone S tar In d u stries, whose Cuban subsidiary had operated 
"with full respect for local customs and law s" for m ore than 4o years. 
Worth nearly $25 million, according to the company, it was seized by the Cu­ ban revolutionary government in 196o. 
“The effect of our foreign policy is to encourage and protect investment by 
U.S. private enterprise throughout the 

 world," says David W. Wallace, chair­ man and president of Bangor Punta 
Corp., which claims it lost $53.4 m il­ lion in Castro’s takeover. 
“ Our governm ent should continue the longstanding practice of insisting that its citizens be justly compensated for property expropriated before per­ mitting normal trade relatio n s," he added. 
The State Department signed in New 
York Monday, and announced Friday, a pact u n d er which C uba and th e 
United States will establish m utual 

 hinns that hist money in the expropriation would howl bloody murder — indeed stone already are fliting ex­ actly that — if this country lifts its e m b a rg o without first settling the question o f claims 

“ interest sections” of diplomats and consular officials in the other’s capital. 
In a further gesture of goodwill, Cu­ ba agreed Friday to free ll) of 3o imp­ risoned Americans im m ediately and review the cases of the rest. 
The diplomatic exchange will be the first between the two nations in 16 years and will pave the way for nor­ malization of relations. 
And the State Department has made it clear that the issue of claims com­ pensation is a basic principle of the 
U.S. negotiating position. The initia­ tive of the Carter Administration is necessary if the trade em bargo in force against Cuba since 1962 is to be lifted. 
Informed sources believe there isn’t sufficient support in Congress to pass a bill that would repeal the trade sanc­ tions. Several attem pts in Congress in recent years to lift the em bargo failed. 
Currently legislation is before Con­ gress that would resume partial trade with Cuba on medical and agricultural products. 
Even those who are the most voci­ ferous on the question of forcing Cuba to make restitution concede that the expectation of actual rem uneration from Cuba in the foreseeable future is unrealistic. What they do want, how­ ever. is that Cuba recognize the vali­ dity of the American claims. 
No pesos 

Ev en if Cuba did admit that it owed the A m ericans compensation for the seized properties, it couldn’t get up the money to pay. At the moment, accord­ ing to congressional sources, the Sov iet 
Union is subsidizing the Castro go­ vernment to the tune of $4 million dai­ ly. That comes to more than $1 billion annually. 
And there undoubtedly will be an­ other obstacle to any settlement of the issue. C a stro is ex p ected to have claims of his own against the United 
States for alleged dam ages which re­ sulted from the aborted Bay of Pigs invasion, the embargo and other "acts of aggression.” 
If C astro wanted to. says one con- geressional source, he could add up his claim s and com e up with the exact figure the United States says Cuba owes Americans. 
There were $36 million in Cuban as­ sets, mostly cash in banks, frozen in the United States when the American properties were taken. 
Cuba also wants some sign of good faith from the United States before it agrees to negotiations on any m atters of substance. Perhaps it would be sa­ tisfied with a partial lifting of the em ­ bargo for such items as medicines and agricultural products, congressional sources say. 
No begging 
“ Cuba bas principles in this thing, too.” says one source on Capitol Hill. 
“They say. ‘Your embargo damn near did us in. It was very tough going and we want you to know that you came very close to doing what you set out to do. But we’ve been through the worst of it and we’ve survived. We won’t get down on our hands and knees and beg 
Uncle Sam for a thing.’’’ 
There are some who argue that the dem ands of the American companies are inflated. These critics m aintain that the U.S. corporations recovered a su b s ta n tia l portion of th e ir losses through tax writeoffs. 
Wily escapee fingered 

ALLENTOWN. 
Pa. 
(A P) — When police ca u g h t up with an e s ­ caped convict here, he used a handcuff key hid­ den under his gu m s to get loose again. But his luck ran out when an un­ a rm e d police ca d et threatened to shoot him with an index finger. 

Police said John Grel- lo, 29, E m m a u s , P a., w anted for escaping from the Berks County Prison last March, was arrested in a bar Friday. 

Because Grello was su­ spected of robbing a hot­ dog stand earlier in the day, Officers drove him to the stand before taking him to headquarters for booking. 
But Grello got out of his handcuffs and the 

 patrol car and escaped on foot. 
A short time later, An­ gel Santos, an unarm ed police cadet who had joined in the s e a rc h , spotted Grello at the end of a dark alley. 

Police said Santos ran into the alley, stopped in the shadows and held his hand out with the index finger extended. He o r­ dered Grello to surrender or be shot. G rello s u r ­ rendered. 

1'he key was found when Grello was x-rayed at Sacred Heart Hospital. 
"A ll those m odel handcuffs work with the same key." a police spo­ keswom an said S a tu r ­ day. "Evidently he had gotten hold of a key and just kept it for em ergen­ cies like this ” 

G rello was c h a rg e d saulting an officer and with arm ed robbery of escaping from the Berks the hotdog sta n d , as- County prison. 

Prices good for the month of 
June or while quantity lasts. 
FISCUS TREES 
2 INCH CALIBER TRUNK 
. 
8 Ft, to 
B O A 
I W L . i q h .tnii 
J y 
A u gu stin e (C arp e t; o - < — — fm / O R A S S . . .FULL PALLET. . . 8 5 
Iq ^ y d .i 
Im 
LESS THAN A FULL PALLET . . . 1.1 7 sq. yd. kj, 
COMPLETE FERTloLOME PRODUCTS AVAIL* 
J 
AILE. TREIS - PLANTS - SHRUBS - SEEDS. 
F/ 
Com* Visit Our CoMptete * Aero Gordon Conter wit* ovoryfay TAKAI TO YOU" HOCK A Hi SAVEII 
OPEN DAILY 8*7 P.M. 
Law n sBeauty^ 
NURSERY 
865o BAN D ERA 
684-21 I O 

San Antonio EXPRESSNEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

PAUL 
THOMPSON 
That’s conflict of interest, Frank 

State Sen. Frank Lombardirio has an impressive track record for using public positions of trust to advance his own selfish personal interests. 

So ins m r ut "ta g g in g " of a Senate hill that would have knocked out his own 
"Sl.OUO-a-day’’ private business came as no surprise. 
Back in the mid-5o's. when he was a vice detective in the San Antonio Police Dept., 
Lombardino ran a bill-collecting agency on the side. 
Of course there was — and is — a state law against any peace officer using his clout to collect or undertake to collect private debts for others. 
Iii March of 1955. then-Police Chief George 
Bichsel ordered Detective Lombardino to get out of the bill-collecting business. 

Lombardino angrily refused. It was typical of the man that he saw nothing wrong with 
The Law showing up at private doorsteps to collect private debts — for a fee. 

Chief Bichsel suspended Detective Lom­ bardino in 1966 for "insubordination in continuing to operate a bill-collecting business contrary to explicit orders from his super­ iors." 
Bichsel called for Lombardino s discharge from the force, Lom bardino appealed and there was a full-dress hearing bv the Civil 
Serv ice Commission. 
It brought out, among other things, that the 
Sun Antonio Creditors Assn., owned by Lom­ bardino. had grossed $8o.o(1o a year in two years of operation, with commissions to the city detective of up to 4o per cent. 
When it became clear that Loardino had to choose one of two careers — that of a cop or a bill collector — In* resigned from the SAHD and went into the dunning business full-tim e. 

A few years later. “ Friendly Frank.** as some people call him. staged a successful campaign for the legislature, and still later got himself elected to the Texas Senate. 

Today he’s known far and wide as a Her­ culean hefter of pork barrel bills, nearly all of them designed the broaden the base of his voter support back home. 
An outstanding instance of this was his 1975 bill giv ing officers in the San Antonio police and fire departments ‘ ‘unlim ited cash for sick leave." or pay for NOT GETTING SICK, at staggering cost to city taxpayers. 
R eluctantly, after a wave of infuria te d public reaction. Lom bardino backed down and this year joined other legislators in re­ pealing a measure that would have cost the city $1.2 m illion extra per year — for openers. 
But Friendly Frank’s ‘‘g ilt to the boys” has earned him two solid blocs of fervent voting support for all time to come, even if the law was jerked. 

This year Lombardino. though still helping his friends as much as humanly possible, took a little time out to go to bat for himself in the legislature. 

First he "tagged." or hung up. HBI 17o that would have put a two-year moratorium on use of little electronic banking machines in ice­ houses. shopping centers and the like. Later. he made a speech against the* bill 
Many banking in s titu tio n s view these machines, which let people transfer their bank funds while off the hank premises, as anything but foolproof. 
The banks, through HBI ITO. would have had two more years in which to study the machines and “ get all the bugs out." 
But Senator Lombardino wasn’t about to hold still for any of that jive. 
He followed up his legislative tag with a personal appearance before the Senate's 
Economic Development Committee i ii which 
In* disclosed that he had big money invested 

 in the fund transfer machines. 

" I took a gamble,*’ Lombardino told the committee in outraged tones. "And here I'm being .confronted with a moratorium that would cost me $I,M§ a day. I’ve never seen a moratorium of this sort proposed in the legislature before." 

Needless to say. HB117o died a borning, and the portly Bexar senator now has another lucrative sideline going for himself. 

Conflict of interest? I sing elective clout, bestowed by the voters, to strike a blow for your own private personal ventures and easy self-enrichment? 

Forget it. Senator Lombardino is honestly bewildered when he hears such language. He has a built in blind spot in that regard, a total astigmatism, and he just does not know what the words mean. 
How our boys did in Austin 

ANALYSIS 

 northward, as diverse 
I hey represent. 
A few highlights: 

 as the county 

San Antonio an estimated $55.1 m illion in lost revenues. 
Other legislative accomplishments of local note: 
• 
Passage' of a bill giv ing natural gas suppliers the right of eminent do­ main in acquiring underground stor­ age facilities. This is particularly im ­ portant to San Antonio and its gas su p p lie r. Lo-Vaea (la th e rin g Co., which is try ing to complete a 19 billion cubic foot, $65 m illion reservoir near the city. 
• 
Passage id' a b ill g ivin g state a uthorization for an in te rn a tio n a l duty-free trade zone in San Antonio. 
This opens the door for necessary fe­ deral action. 

• 
Passage of b ill a llo w in g tax increment financing for urban renewal 

-projects. 
♦ Enactment of an omnibus courts b ill which brought four new state 
>iistrift courts to Bexar County, 
O ve ra ll, the B exar delegation compiled a better average for its ef­ forts than members of the 65th Legis­ lative as a whole. 
Out of 28o bills introduced by the local delegation, 85 passed both houses and have either been signed into law or are awaiting governor s action. 
This figures out to an average of slightly over 3o per cent. 
On the other hand. the Hath Legisla­ ture introduced 3.6o2 bills during tilt1 session, of which 9o1 were passed for an average of 25 per cent. 
And how did Bexar's lawmakers fare on an individual basis? As usual, it was a pretty mixed bag of legislators sent 
Hispanics charge vote weakened 

By SARA MARTINEZ 

Two Mexican-American civil rights organizations 
Saturday joined forces to fight possible malapportionment and gerry ­ mandering of Mexican-Ameri­ can voters in four 
Texas counties. 

The 
M exican-A m erican 
Legal 
Defense and Educational Fund (MAL- 
DEF) and the Southwest Voter Regis­ tration Education Fund (SVREP) will investigate possible violations of the one person, one vote principle in Co­ mal, Edwards, Guadalupe and Sutton counties. 
Sunday ideas 

'Indoors, 
, outdoors, all around the River City 

(F re e events, unless otherwise indicat­ ed, for you and your family today.) 
T H E A T E R 
— 
C h u rc h 
T h e a t e r ' s 
"Ghosts" at 3 p.m. at 115o S. Alam o St. 
Tickets are 54. 
T H E A T E R — 
Theater San Antonio's 
"Don't Drink the W ater" at 2:3o p.m. at 
San Pedro Park. Tickets a re S3.SO. 
T H E A T E R — 
W e io d ra m a T h e a te r's 
"The Black Guard of Black Rock" at 6:3o p.m. Tickets are S2 for children under 12 and S3 for adults. 
M U S IC — The Bejar Opera Workshop's 
"The Old Man and the Thief" at 8 p.m. at 
Carver Cultural Center, 226 N. H a ck b erry 
St. 
F I L M - L E C T U R E — 
The N ew Y o rk 
School s film and slide show on abstract expressloniem art at 1:3o and 7:3o p.m. af the Witte Museum, 38o1 Broadway. 
A R T SHOW — 
P o r tr a its bv 
Louise 
Clairmont at Koehler Cultural Center, 31o 
W. Ashby Ave. from I to 4 p.m. 

“ They say Mexiean-Americans don’t register and don't turn out to vote, hut there are extenuating circumstances." said W illiam C. Velasquez. SVREP executive director. 
He said SVREP studies indicate be­ cause of m alap p ortion m e n t and gerrymandering, 
Mexican-American voters iii these counties are not allowed to exercise their full potential. 
Joaquin Avila, MALDE!*’ associate counsel for Texas, said minority voters in these counties have e ither been oyerconcentrated iii one d is tric t or divided into two or more districts. 
"T his dilutes their vote," Avila al­ leged. “ This process has had the effect of pre ven ting M exiean-A m ericans from electing members of their own communities. 
"In some counties you can register every single Mexican-American, but because of institutional lilies — gerry­ mandered commissioner’s precincts — you w ill never have a m inority elected. 
"A s the result of com plaints re ­ ceived by local M exican-A m erican voters. M A L I)EE and SVREP have been conducting investigations in these counties. 
Results 

"O ur figures suggest there may be flagrant violations of the one person, one vote principle as well as g erry­ mandering Mexiean-Americans," 
Velasquez claim ed Edwards and 
Medina counties appear to be the most blatant examples of violations of the one person, one vote principle. 
“ Approximately half of the popula­ tion in both these counties is Mexi- can-American. yet neither has a single 
M exican-Am erican county com m is­ sioner." Velasquez said. 
Avila said the preliminary research studies have been made available to the U.S. Department of Justice. 
“ Upon fin a l com pletion of these studies, our clients w ill be informed of the available legal alternatives to re­ medy any unconstitutional malappor­ tionment or gerrym andering." Avila said. 
Nominations being taken for health agency board 

The Alamo Area Council of Govern­ ments is taking nominations for IO seats on the Camino Real Health Sys­ tem Agency Board of Directors. 
Present terms for the seats expire 
Aug. 16. 
Also taking nominations is the M id­ dle Rio Grande Development Council, which w ill make one of the appoint­ ments. 
The present m em bers of the 
31-member board whose term expires in August w ill be eligible for re-ap­ pointment. 
They are Bexar County County Com. 
Albert Bustamante. Stephen Doerr of 
Seguin, Joe Garza of San Antonio, Dr. 
Charles Hooper of San Antonio, Dr. 
Dayton K rajicek of K e rrv ille , D r. 

Ruskin Norman of San Antonio, Man­ u e l Salazar of Pearsall. 
Others are San Antonio Metropolitan 
Health Hist. Dir. C. N. Rothe, Dr. Joe 
L. Sanders of Del Rio and Dr. Jacob 
Uhrich of San Antonio. 
Six of the appointments must be made from representatives of the health care provider field, the others from the health care consumer field 
The Camino Real Health System 
Agency acts as a review board for local applications for federal grants and funds. 
The general public may nominate persons by contacting James Brandes of AACOG at 225-52o1. Richard Thomas of MRGDC at 775-1581 and Jose Con­ treras of Camino Real at 225-4426. 

BROWN 

KEP. AL BROWN 
Introduced IO bills. Five passed. 
Brown gave up his seat on tin* House 
Public Education Committee this ses­ sion in favor of a post on the* House 
Criminal Jurisprudence Committee. 
As the only non-attorney oil the committee, he expressed pride iii the panel’s work in passing most of the key bills in the governor's anti-crim e le­ gislation package. 
His HSR35, calling for an interim committee to study the religious cult situation iii Texas, attracted quite a crowd in hearings but failed to get the 
Senate s attention in the final days of the session. 
He served as chairman of the House 
Subcom m ittee on 
M ilita ry and 
Veteran’s Affairs and won passage of three bills dealing with veterans mat­ ters. including abolishing state park fees for disabled veterans. 
Brown’s move from Public Educa­ tion to C rim inal Jurisprudence, he says, was prompted by a desire to broaden his experience as a legislator. 
However, some saw it as an effort to avoid involvem ent in the c o n flic t between liberal Rep. Frank Madia and 
Committee Chairman Rep. Tom Mas­ sey of San Angelo in which Brown might have been forced into a show­ down with his more liberal colleague. 

REP. DON CARTW RIGHT In tro ­ duced 44 bills, of which 24 passed. 
The bulk of C a rtw rig h t’s success came in the form of insurance and banking b ills but when he stepped outside those areas he ran into trouble. 
Three bills seeking to curtail City 
Public Service from tacking its in- lieu-of-taxes payments to the city onto custom er’s bills hit opposition from within his own delegation. 
One bill, to exempt school districts, 
Bexar County Hospital D istrict and several communities .outside Bexar 
County from the fee, got a last minute 
Senate com m ittee hearing and was turned back. 
An attorney general’s opinion also sank his b ill to create single member 

BIRD 

REP. RON BIRD 
Introduced 28 lulls. Four passed and all were signed into law. 
B ird ’s Sun Antonio trade zone b ill breezed through, as did his b ill to create four new state district courts. 
He also scored with 11B5H2 authoriz­ ing Bexar County to increase salaries of county-rourts-at law judges, 
As chairm an of the House Com ­ mittee on Regions, Compacts and Dis­ tricts he had the distinction of seeing his com m ittee com plete it hearing schedule among the earliest of the session. 
Perhaps the low spot of his legisla­ tive program was the failure of I1B594 
— The Professional Nursing Practices 
Act — to pass. 
B ird ’s handling of his com m ittee sessions, plus tilt*efficiency with which it completed its work load, prompted new respect for a law m aker whose name usually prompted a round of c hirps and whistles when it came up on the House floor. 

CARTWRIGHT 

 districts for election of San Antonio 
School District trustees. 
A p ro lific b ill-file r, he buried the 
House clerk under a paper blizzard of 
44 b ills. O lder — and w iser — law ­ makers considered that to be too many for C artw right to adequately steer through the system. 
But figures don't Iii*. There was no sophomore jin x hanging over C artw ­ right as he enjoyed a .5oo-plus batting average. 
It was apparent Cartwright had ma lured considerably over his freshmai year, hail studied the rules aud pretty well played the game. lits habit of turning in written “ no’ votes on bills passed by voice vote on local calendars was seen by many as a political effort to protect him self from any chance of being recorded as voting for a bad bill. 
However, it also put him in a position of consistently voting against bills by his fellow Bexar delegates. It may have had something to do with their resistance to his CPS bills. 
Cartwright was also one of only six 
House members com piling a perfect voting record. Not ideologically per­ fect; just attendance perfect. 

GARCIA 

REP. MATT GARCIA Introduced 25 bills, 
I of which passed. 
G arcia’s one b ill was a biggie. It allows San Antonio and 2o other Texas cities to issue tax increment bonds, with voter approval, for use in im ­ proving sub-standard areas as part of the overall urban renewal effort. 
He also figured prom inently as a co-sponsor of the biennial effort to le­ galize horse racing and parim utuel betting in Texas. (It failed). 

KEP. 
JOE 
L. 
H ER N AN D EZ 
Introduced 17 b ills , none of which cleared the House. 
Hernandez started the session with an eye on Washington and the chance of an appointment as a U.S. attorney. 
Hernandez’s legislative program may have suffered badly from this slow start. 
His biggest effort came on a b ill 

HERNANDEZ 

By DICK MERKEL 

EMPRESS NEW S CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — Three tilings be­ come im m ediate ly apparent vvlien reviewing the results of the both Legislature's regular session in term s o f what it meant to San Antonio and Bexar 
County. 
First: San Antonio fared better in tin* biennial grab-bag for state funds than perhaps any other urban area of the state. 
Second: The city and county benefit­ ed from several major bills sponsored, or supported, by its 15-member legis­ lative delegation. 
Third: San Antonio saved a bunch of money from one b ill passed and a bunch more because several didn't. 
Iii the area of funding. San Antonio schools and institutions for tin* most part escaped the razors of budget 

 writers in the final general appropria­ tions bill. 
San Antonio Slate School for the 
.Mentally Retarded was finally funded and is now scheduled for opening in 
March of next year. 
A p p ro p ria tio n s w rite rs not only- funded the school, but in the final bill increased both the size of the facility and amount of money appropriated for its operation. 
On the savings side of the ledger. 
San Antonio’s coilers may have bene­ fited as much as $58.5 m illion from the passage of one bill and the failure of three others. 
Repeal of the controversial b ill a l­ lowing unlim ited sick leave pay for police and fire fighters w ill save San 
Antonio about $3.3 m illion a year, ac­ cording to city lobby ist Jerry Henckel. 
Three bills, all dealing with elim in­ ation of City Public Service’s 11.5 per cent in-lieu of taxes payments to the city, were killed. That sav ed the City of 

Shriners on parade 

PARADES always draw crowds, even in temperatures as hot as Saturday’s in downtown San Antonio. The Texas 
Shrine Assn.’s biggest public event, a 125-unit parade, had people lining the streets to see attractions such as the 
Alzafar Antique Carriage Club. Even the Shriners turned out. — Staff Photos by Pat Hamilton 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday June 5 1977 
Book tells women how to play business 

IC S ANGELES t im e s SERVICE 
NEW YORK — When under­ taking to hit a baseball, you would probably not use a tennis racket. But such inappropriate behavior is common among wo­ men in the business world, who may not only be unaware of what game they’re playing but even unaware that there is a game going on. 

That's the contention of Betty Lehan 
Barragan, who has some advice about what women should do about it. B ar­ 

 ragan is the author of “ Games Mother 
Never Taught You (Corporate Gam es­ manship for W om en)." But if B a rra­ gan sees getting to the top of the busi­ ness world as a gam e, it is definitely a game played for keeps. 
And it is a gam e that women, be­ cause of their background, are gener­ ally ill-equipped to play. Women rarely have experience in two areas that pro­ vide ea rly tr a in in g for c o rp o ra te gam esm anship: team sports and the military. 
Those two experiences teach young men the rules that carry over into bu­ siness life, since b u sin esse s value te am w o rk above all else and are 

Women rarely have experience in tw o areas that prol ific e a rly training f o r corp ora te g a m e s m a n ­ ship: team sports and the m ilitary 

 structured much like your run-of-the- mill army. 
The nam e of the gam e Barragan is talking about is, of course, corporate politics. And the objective of the gam e 
— she makes no bones about this — is money and power. Especially money, 
“ The rules are ridiculous (because essentially it’s a little boy’s gam e) but they are rigidly adhered to (because 

 children, as every mother knows, are stubborn and irrational about silly, made-up rules)." But silly though they may be, women have to learn those rules, she says. 
The goal of the gam e, she says, is to become chief executive officer of the company. Doesn’t that mean that wo­ men would have to make the sam e sa­ crifices and show the sam e driving 

 aition as men who m ake th a t long climb'.’ B arragan's answer is that wo­ men have always worked hard, why shouldn't they work hard for greater rewards? 
B arrag an 's advice runs from long- range c a re e r planning to the se em ­ ingly trivial. (Except that in the war- game she is talking about, nothing is trivial.) Bere are some examples: 
GOING TO CO LLEGE - 
“ A no n sp ecific college e d u c atio n has nothing to do with training for busi­ ness.” She advises getting a bachelor's degree in anything, except teaching, nursing, liberal arts. 
She points to a Fortune magazine 

Tomorrow! Save on Martex irregular towels and blankets 
LINEN SALE 
JOSH E’S 

 study that showed that more than half of the chief executives surveyed m a­ jored in either business or economics in college. 
WHAT TO WEAK — Jewelry: Noth­ ing should ever “ jingle, wiggle, clank or glitter." That only distracts people. who are supposed to be listening to what the wearer is saying, not paying attention to the sound and light effects. 
Perfume: only after working hours. 
In sm a ll co n fe ren ce ro o m s, it can cause headaches. 
Shoes: should be made for walking. which city executives do a lot of. 
Men’s ties: Never, never, never (for women, that is). 
Pockets: 
It may take some arguing, but insist on clothes with pockets. 
A handbag is not only a uniquely fem a le a c ­ co u trem en t th a t raises unconscious connotations among men, it is also an encumbrance of the first o rd er. 
It h as to be watched, lest it be stolen; waiters trip over it; it has to be stashed under the conference table, and is a general nuisance. 
Fabric and Finishing: 
Match, but don’t surpass, the quality of the clothing worn by male colleagues.' 

• Linens, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 
• Use your convenient Joske's charge! 
• SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

Save on plush 
"Luxor" solid color terry towels 

Irregulars 
9 qoo 
La for \J 

Bath towel, irregulars of 8.oo 

Hand, irregulars of 4.5o 
................................. 2 for 5.oo 
Wash cloth, irregulars of 1.75 
.....................2 for 2.5o 

Now is the perfect time to stock your linen closet with beautiful plush terry towels. These Luxor towels are made by Martex and come in six co-ordinating col­ ors, white, yellow, blue, teak, copper and bone. Slight imperfections mean savings to you, but will not affect quality of the towel. 

Special value! 
Famous Martex 
Vellux blanket 
Irregulars l l 99 
Twin size, irregulars of 24.oo 

Full size, irregulars of 26.oo..................... 13.99 
King size, irregulars of 36.oo ................ 19.99 

Special Purchase! The slight irregularities in one of our most popular blankets means extra savings for you with no effect on the quality of the blanket. The Vellux blanket of 1oo% nylon flocking on polyurethane foam will look fresh and new even after 5o washings. This light­ weight blanket comes in lovely pastel colors. 

SEX — Keep it off the job. Despite folklore to the contrary, it is not a way to get ahead. 

STAFF VS. LINE - 
T hose a re m ilita ry terms. A “ line” officer is one involved in her ser- v ie e s’s p r im a ry role: fighting. T h u s an in ­ fantry or artillery officer is a “ lin e ” o fficer. A 
“ s ta f f ” o ffic er is in ­ volved in a specialty that supports the line troops 
— supply or m edicine, for example. 
Translated into civilian term s — and B arragan says it always is — that means that jobs directly related to producing or selling the c o m p a n y 's product are “ line” jobs. 
And those that are not. such as p erso n n el, a d ­ v ertisin g , pu b lic r e l a ­ tions, are “ staff” jobs. 
And top m a n a g e m e n t, trad itio n ally , co m es from am o n g th e line executives, as it does in the military. 
Also, staff jobs are the first to go in any cutback. 
T he m e ssa g e is th a t it matters more if the job is in the c o m p a n y ’s line than if it is in your line. 

T E L E P H O N E TECH­ 
NIQUE — Answer your own phone and m ake your own calls. Women should avoid the petty ploy of having a secre­ ta ry call and get the other person on the line before picking up the phone. 
T h is is a well-w orn technique used to make the caller feel important. 
But, Barragan points out, it also irritates the reci­ pient, and women don’t have to go around irri­ ta tin g people — n eed ­ lessly. 

WOMEN S WORK - 
Women in offices have tra d itio n a lly been ty ­ pists, clerks and coffee- fetch ers. B a rra g a n a d ­ vises that women execu­ tives forget those skills, pretend they never knew them, and. when pressed botch th em up to fare- thee-vvell. 
Never carry a pen or notepad to a m e etin g . 
That means, if ordered to take notes, you have to borrow them. Ask people to re p e a t b e c au s e you didn’t quite get it. 
Make note-taking the most im portant p art of the meeting, just the op­ posite of what a stereoty­ pical good s e c r e ta ry would do. The sam e with coffee — m ake sure the cream -and-sugar gets it b lack, an d vice versa. 
Spill some on the table. 
People will think you’re a lousy secretary, which is the impression you want to convey. Exe­ cutives a re n ’t supposed to be secretaries. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Published e ac h Saturday, Sunday and tabor 
Doy. 
Thanksgiving 
Day, and on 
July 
4 , 
Christmas Day, New Year A Day, when they occur Monday through friday Also published o n a Monday, when July 4 , Christmas Day, 
New Year s D ay foils on o preceding Sunday 
By The Express-New* Corporation 
P O. 8o« 2171 
Son Anionic. Teso* TSJI? 
Second C lo n Postage P o d OI 
Son Antonio, Teies 
Kegistrode com * articulo do 2do clow cl 
29 de tne-o 1922. en lo Adm m istrooon de 
Cone©* en Nuevo Laredo, Tempi . M r nee 

All com m unication should be addressed lo 
Son Antonio Evptess. or Son Antonio N e * ! 
This newspaper will no! be responsible lor manuscripts or photographs not solicited, tor publication 

M A H s u b s c r ip t io n r a t e s 

I M o 
6 M a s 
I Yr 
$5 4 9 S28 11 sn 

U 65 $23 9 o U t i s o7 $26 13 $5o 
$4 41 
$23 o 5 $41 
$3 21 
$16 IS $3o 

(Puces obove include soles tov.) 

OTHER STATES 

M orning & Sunday 
$5 51 
$31 34 $61 I 
M orning O n !, 
$5.2o 
$ 2 7 47 $53 7 
Evening & Sundoy 
$5 45 
$ 3 o 25 $58 9 
Evening Only 
Se 79 
$26 5 o $51 4 
. Sunday O nly 
$3 48 
$1 6 9 5 $32.7 

 iSuhcnpOens Hinds trim ere m l subset is is.) 

Home delivery monthly rales rn Son Ar to n * M orning and Sunday, $3 4 o pet men! 
(includes io»)i 6 day Morning only, $ 2 .7 o pi 

 month (includes las): Sundoy only - 1 Sundo 
- $1 47 per month (includes ton) 5 Sundo 
— $1 o4 par month (includes los) 
C O M B IN A T IO N KATE 
M orning Evening 
I Sorer day arid £und«w Aa a 4 k** 

Inside Te*a% 

M orning A Sunday 
M orning O nly 
E vening & Sunday 
E vening O nly 
Sunday O nly 

Son Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday June 5 1977 
Poge^JTA 
Usually sold only to leading hotels! 
ONLY AT JOSKE'S! 
SEALY POSTUREPEDIC 
Hotel-Motel Sleep System at 44.oo per set below our regular price Posturepedic sets 

COMFORT 
SYSTEM 

SUPPORT 
SYSTEM 

FOUNDATION 
SYSTEM 

Specially priced! Sealy's 
Motel-Hotel Sleep System 

TWIN mattress or box spring 

Your m onthly p aym en t is 6.oo on Jo sk e 's Major P urchase Budget Plan* 

 loske's, San Antonio's largest Sealy dealer, carries the only complete line of Posturepedic bedding in South Texas. And now, to celebrate 
Posturepedic month at Joske's we have contracted with Sealy to ofter the same Posturepedic mattress sets sold only to leading hotels and motels. Joske's has it exclusively in San Antonio and Austin for a limit­ ed time. 
It has the same inner construction as the regular 
Posturepedics that promise "no morning backache from sleeping on a too-soft mattress" Mattress coils are double tempered and framed with heavy border wire. Torsion bar foundation has special corner platforms plus heavyduty edge modules and border wire. Hurry in now and choose the size you need! r 

P 3 & 

 a H Vt rf F: f r rri cr cr 
6— r f 

THE 
UNIQUE 
BACK 
SUPPORT 
SYSTEM! 

T cfi 

FULL-SIZE MATTRESS 
OR BOX SPRING, 
EA. PC. 

QUEEN-SIZE MATTRESS 
AND BOX SPRING, 
2-PC. SET 
OO 

Your m onthly p aym en t is 
16.oo on Josk e's Major 
Pu rch ase Budget Plan* 

Your m onthly p aym en t is 
7.oo on Jo sk e's Major 
Pu rch ase Budget Plan* 

KING-SIZE MATTRESS AND 
2-PC. BOX SPRING, 3-PC. SET 
Your m onthly p aym en t is 23.oo on 
Jo sk e 's Major Purchase Budget Plan 

Bedding, ail stores. Buy Monday and save r 

June is Sealy Posturepedic Month at Joske's! 

‘ The monthly payment shown is available under our major purchase budget plan only. Each monthly payment includes sales tax and FINANCE CHARGE. A FINANCE CHARGE will be imposed for any current billing period in which there is a balance owing from any prior billing period (the Previous Balance), unless payments or other credits received prior to the end of such current billing period equal or exceed the Previous Balance. The FINANCE CHARGE will be a 

 minimum of 5 o imposed on Previous Balances up to $35.OO On the Previous Balances in excess of $35.oo, the FINANCE CHARGE will be computed at a Periodic Rate of I Va % on the first 
$5oo.oo of the Previous Balance and I % on the amount over $5oo OO, which are the equivalent of 
ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATES of 18% and 12% respectively 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 
In stock for immediate delivery! 

A f 
I I 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
OUR BOYS IN AUSTIN 

MADLA 

 giving tho San Antonio Hts Council authority to directl.\ appoint hoard members of City I'M ic Service. 
Lobbyists nailed the door ''hut on 

 this one in the House Calendars^ Com­ mittee despite all of Hernandez’ hest efforts to free it up for a floor vole. 
KEP. KR W K MADI A 
Introduced is lulls. 2 of which passed 
Madia suffered a hangover from the last session. His open opposition to 
House Public Education Chairman 
Masse) cost Madia his job as the committee's \ice chairman. 
His priority hill to require state reimbursement to victims of crime for personal or property damage fell vic­ tim to an early spending spree by lawmakers. The high price of the bill was just too much tor the suddenly money-conscious legislature in the last few weeks. 
R E P . JA M E S R. NOWLIN Intro­ duced 1J lulls. 3 of which passed. 
Nowlin was co author of the House version of the “ sunset bill" which was finally passed by both Houses in Senate 

N O W L IN 

 form. 
The hill provides for periodic review and renewal of various state regulatory 

 agencies. 
He also won passage of bills in­ creasing the lax exemption for house­ hold property to $5,<tOO and creating special funding for the Commission on 
Law Enforcement. 
Along with Rep. Joe Hanna of 
Breckenridge, Nowlin was co-author of the House bill granting the right of eminent domain for the construction of coal slurry pipelines. 
This bill. in Senate form, has a I read) bt'en signed into law 
Two of Nowlin's major efforts fell short, however. 
The bill to provide state financial aid to teaching hospitals, which he co­ sponsored with Rep. Mickey Leland of 
Houston, died on the Senate floor in tho session's last day. 
Another of his bills, to restrict take-or-pay provisions in natural gas contracts, was knocked off in com­ 

 mittee. 
Something due to be talked about for some time to come is how Nowlin “ out slicked" the old master of slicks. Rep. 
Jim Nugent of Kerrville, on his Ed­ wards Aquifer bill 
Nowlin, who does his homework when it comes to House rules, raised a point of order killing the Nugent bill. 
He won his argument that there was an error in the committee report on the 
Edwards bill. The report said the bill had been passed from committee without amendment. 
But lo and behold, an amendment had been added, big as life and twice as ugly to the surprised Nugent. 
The "Nowlin Point of Order.” as it came to be known, killed many a bill afterwards us House members began poring over committee reports more closely when a bill they didn't like came up. 

RAINS 

R E P . DON RAINS 
Introduced 15 bills, of which 5 passed. 
Rains started the session determined to lose some of the rural reputation as the 
“ guy who introduces all the 

See S A LAWM AKERS. Page XA 

A NMVERSAFY SALE 
SUPER ONCE-A-YEAR SAVINGS! 

 rn 

9.99 Our Reg. SI 2.88 

ZEBCO SPINCAST COMBO 
• Am erica's most popular freshwater spin cast combination 

’Our Reg. SI3.96 

WINDMERE 14oo-WATT HAIR DRYER 
• 2 speeds • 4 heat settings 

9.99 Our Reg Si 3.97 
SPORTLIME SLEEPING BAG 
• 3 lbs. acryon filling • 34 ’x76" s /e • Cotton cover 
• 3G" -tipper 

25.99 Out Reg. S29.86 
G E. PORTABLE CASat I TE RECORDER 
• Sensitive built in condenser microphone • AC/DC power 
• Sixpushbu*ton operation • Autom atic end-of-tape shutoff 
• Erase protect lock • Autom atic level control 
3-5o9o 

69' Our Reg. S i 39 

C E R T R O N 3 PA C K 

6 o -M IN U T E C A S S E T T E 

T A P E S 
Lim it 2 

2.99 Our Reg. $3.99 While They Last 
BRASS PLANTER POLE 
• W ith 3 hooks 

39.99 Our Reg. S54.9o 
KRACO DELUXE 23-CHANNEL CB RADIO 
* B u iltin speaker • Solid state • Built-in auto ma tic modulation control circuit • External speaker (ack 

39.99 

232o 

Our Reg. S59.92 

ATARI SUPER PONG IO T V GAME 
• 1o video game*. • Action sound • 1 4 players scoring • Color on color T .V .'s 
On-screen 

22.99 Our Reg. 26.82 
C. GENERAL ELECTRIC FM/AM DIGITAL 
CLOCK RADIO 

• Large lighted numbers • W a k e to music or alarm • Built-in AFC 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
79oo 1-35 NORTH • DAN ANTONIO, TX. 78218 • Ph. 654-72oo 
MON. THRU SAT. 1o A.M. TO 9 P.M. 

Two killed, 
4 9 injured in 
Chicago riot 

CHICAGO (A P) — Two persons were shot to death and at least 49 injured Saturday as a massive dis­ turbance erupted in a West Side park after a demonstration for Puerto Rican independence, authorities said. 
At least 23 police officers were injured as police sealed off Humbolt Park, the Deputy Police Super­ intendent's office said. 
Authorities said at least 2H civilians were treated for injuries at local hospitals and several were ad­ mitted. 
Police command headquarters said nine persons, including the two dead men, were shot. Others were injured by thrown rocks anti bottles, police said. 

Not clear 

It was not immediately clear what touched off the disturbances, although police said, at one point, they may have started in a dispute between rival gangs. 
That, however, could not be verified by those at the scene. 
About 3,ooo persons gathered on the western edge of the park immediately after the shootings, auth­ orities said. Late Saturday night. Police Superin­ tendent James Rochford said the disturbance was 
“ burning itself out.” but he described the scene as still “ very volatile.” 
Groups of Puerto Ricans, mostly youths, were throwing rocks and bricks, and setting cars on fire, officials said. 
All entrances to the park were sealed off at 6:5o p.m.. and authorities said all available police were called to the scene, including off-duty officers. 
Clad in riot gear, scores of officers gathered in the park. Police told reporters they were preparing for a 
"clearing action,” but Rochford said he was hoping the disturbance would end by itself. 
Julio Rosado, 26, and Rafael Cruz, 25. were dead on arrival at St. Elizabeth’s Hospital. 
The disturbance erupted several hours after a bomb exploded inside City Hall near the office of acting Mayor Michael A. Bilandic. Puerto Rican nationalists took rcponsibility for the bombing. 
Bilandic, who was viewing a Puerto Rican day par­ ade, was not in his office when the bomb went off. 

MIA*’ families can stop waiting 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

For the families of Navy Lts. Walter Estes II and 
James Teague, the waiting is over. 
The families were notified their sons were on a list prepared by the Vietnamese and turned over to U.S. officials Friday of 2o dead American servicemen missing in action. The remains will be returned to the United States. 
A U.S. spokesman in Paris said the names of the 
2o MIAs would not be announced until positive identifications were made at the Arm y’s central identification laboratory in Hawaii. 
Bertha Estes, a retired Lansing school teacher who lives in Williamston, said the news came as “ a shock even after all these years.” A Navy officer arrived at her home near Lansing Friday morning to report her son and his best friend were on the list. 
Estes, then 27, and Teague were shot down in 
November 1967 while completing a bombing strike against military installations in Haiphong. 
NOW 2 

LOCATIONS 
12 NOON to 6 PW 

Jeans $7.88 
Shirts $5.88 

Levi jeans and Gant shirts at half price this Sunday only. 

 of JEANS 
4124 Blanco Road 
5115 Fredericksburg Road 

MUSIC LABORATORY 

NEW Music Learning Center 

. . . a Modern Breakthrough in Piano Instruction 

“ I LIKE THE 
E A R P H O N E S ” 

Teacher, or "p ilo t," Speake intotheearph ones, "C adets, fasten your earphones" . . and the youngsters zoom into action on their Elec­ tronic Pianos. Enthusiasm is contagious and excite­ ment runs high. 

“ I LIKE TH E S O U N D " 

C hildren like playing on Electronic Pianos — the touch and re­ sponse, the way the volum e can be regulated, the fact that the pianos-are electronic. T he Space A g e instrum ent is for them ! 

“ WE LIKE P LA Y IN G T O G E TH E R ” 

Just as in arithm etic and language classes, children like studying together. And desire for group approval encourages the developm ent of perseverance and concentration. 

J * * , s w s r I 

"AS A TEACHER. 
I LIKE 

THE WURLITZER 
ELECTRONIC 
COMMUNICATION 
CENTER" 

T h is m onitoring system enables the teacher to com m unicate verbally and m u sica lly with individuals or groups through ear­ phones 
Now yo un gste rs can learn music with the new, ac­ celerated g ro u p m e th o d -in c lu d in g s ig h t leading, im provising m elodies, even c o m p o s in g — A N D A L S O E N JO Y THE B EN E ­ 
F IT S OF IN D IV ID U A L IN S T R U C T IO N . 
IO WEEK COURSE 

Includes one class lesson, one private lesson, the use of o new W urlitzer 
Piano in the home. 

^ I 
@ p e r w e e k 
Hurry - enrollment Limited! 
CLASSES BEGIN JUNE I STH 
SAN ANTONIO 
MUSIC 
4 1 5 N . M AIN— DOWNTOWN 
2 2 7 -1 3 3 1 

OPEN 9:3o TO 5:3o MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

Sears 

San Antonio EXPRES^-NEWS— Sunday June 5 I 977 

Where America shops for travel fashions 

M a r i o n d o e s n ’t h a v e p a r a d e s t o o f r e q u e n t l y . 
As a m a t t e r o f f a c t , th e o n e held Saturday in h o n o r of the ci­ t y ’s c e n t e n n i a l w a s o n ly t h e t h i r d in its h i s ­ t o r y . Thousands o f p e o p l e c r o w d e d t h e t o w n , w it h on o f f ic i a l p o p u l a ­ tion of 6 6 5 , for t h e p a r a d e w h ic h f e a t u r e d 
M a r i o n ’ s 
C e n ­ t e n n i a l 
Q u e e n and her princess, a b o v e , and H e r ­ m a n M o l t z a n d his d o g , 
L o b o , c a t c h in g up a t left 
Carter is invited to energy cerem onies 

President Carter has received a joint invitatiu from City Public Service and T rin ity University I dedicate tin1 .J. T. Deely coal plant and the nation largest solar energy collection system at Trinity. 
The joint letter of invitation was signed'by CP 
Chairm an Tom Berg and T rin ity President Brue 
Thomas. It was typed on a special joint letterhea printed for the occasion. 
Although W hite House spokesmen say the Pres] dent s plans w ill not be made known until later Un sum m er, Ideal officials lune tentatively set Aug. .’I for the visit 
In addition to tin* joint dedication ceremonies plans are being made for a m ajor energy svmpej sium which would bring the nation's top coal am solar experts to T rinity for an early Septembe conference. 

S to re s s ta jje tr a d e s tr ik e 

TB L A V IV . Israel (A P ) 
The trade strike, on th 
— Arab storekeepers iii eve of the 1oth a m m e r the West Bank town of sary of the Six-Day War 
H ebron closed th e ir cam e as Is ra e li troop shops Saturday to protest went on alert against ex 
Israel’s occupation of the peeled demonstrations, territory that it captured from -Iordan 111 years 
No incid en ts o iUro violence were reported. 

W A S H IN G T O N — Votes of area m em b ers of Con­ gress on key roll calls for the week ending 
June 3, 
1977. 
HOUSE 

Energy department 
The House voted 236-119 to e s ta b lis h a s e m i- in ­ dependent en ergy re g u la ­ tory commission within the prop osed d e p a r t m e n t of energy to set wellhead na­ tu ra l gas p ric e s and wholesale in tersta te ele c­ t r ic it y r a te s . 
P r e s id e n t 
Carter had sought to grant this price setting authority to the secretary of energy. 
Supporters of the sem i­ in d e p e n d e n t r e g u la t o r y c o m m is s io n a r g u e d th at the secretary alone should not wield so much power and that an in dependent commission would be bet­ ter insulated from political pressures. 
They also warned that if the s e c r e t a r y held such authority, decisions would be m ade “ behind closed doors,” but if held by the c o m m is s io n , d e c is io n s would be made in public. 
Opponent of the semi-in­ dependent commission a r ­ gued that it would deny the s e c re ta ry the n e c e s s a ry authority to deal with the energy problems facing the nation. 
Voting for commissions: 
Gonzalez 
(D ), 
Krueger 
ID). 
Voting ag ainst c o m m is ­ sion: Kazen (D ). 
Protecting porpoises 
Bv a 244-1o9, vote, the 
House limited to 68,91o the number of porpoises that could be killed accidentally d u rin g 1977 c o m m e r c ia l tu na fis h in g o p e ra tio n s , with fu rther “ substantial” cuts in subsequent years. 
The p o rp o is e s , w h ic h 

 signal the presence of cer tain types of tuna, so m e ­ times drown when caught in large tuna-fishing nets. 
The limit agreed to buy the house was 1o,ooo fewer than th at proposed in a tuna industry-backed bill, but 1o,ooo m ore than the 
C arter administration had eought. The vote was on an a m e n d m e n t to revise the 
1972 
M a r i n e 
M a m m a l 
Protection Act 
O p p o n e n ts of the p ro p o s e d lim it on po r poises killed said that o v e rly strict federal aor poise quotas would put the 
American tuna fleet out of business. 
U n e m p lo y m e n t, h ig h e r prices for tuna and m ore porpoise deaths — caused by u n r e g u la t e d f o re ig n tuna fis h e rm e n — w o uld follow they warned. 
Proponents argued th at the compromise 68,91o limit was in line with the intent of the 1972 law, which was to protect rapidly dwindling stocks of porpoises an d other s e a-d w ellin g m a m ­ mals for the threat of extinction. 
They contended that the m ost s k ille d tu n a - b o a t skippers had dram atically cut a c c id e n ta l deaths of porpoises and that if the in d u s try as a whole fo l­ lowed these p ra c tic e s it w o u ld e a s ily m e e t th e lower limit. 
T h e a m e n d m e n t a ls o banned the importation of tuna not caught by 
U.S. standards. 
V oting for c o m p ro m is e limit on porpoises killed: 
Gonzalez (D ). 
V o tin g a g a in s t c o m ­ promise limit: Kazen (D ) , 
Krueger (D). 
S E N A T E 
The 
Senate was in recess. 

M arion birthday p a ra d e 

Cool is 

/ bare summer sportswear 

K n it to p S A L E 

159 
2 " 

Ke*gular $ 2 lo 8 I 

S t r e t c h y . s h o u l d e r - b a r i n g t u b e * . 

S c o o p nock t a n k - . B r i g h t c o l o r >ol- 

 itis and d is h to w e l 
.-tripes. G r o a t 

 f o r .-tinning. In ,-ize- S. M and I.. 

S olid tubes* 
Hog. S2 Sale* 
1 .5 9 

S trip e d tubes 
Keg. 
Sale* 2 . 3 9 

T a n k s ....................Keg. $ 4 Sale* 2 . 9 9 

S h o rts z J 4 9 

Sears re*gular low prie*e* 

I'be shorts to go w ith o u r tops are 

 m ad e o f cotton d e n im . T h e y have a 

 slim little w aistb an d. hae*k yoke 

 d e ta ilin g and swing pockets. Lots 

 o f b rig h t colors. J u n io r si/,es 5 -1 3 . 

Sears 

'Scmcut, 

Im m w rn m m rn m 

Where America shops 

 se ars. roebuc k and co. 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Maim Buck 

Save *5 

Three pieces 

 are better than two 
15” 

Regular $2 I 

S u m m e r vacation is bere* and this tim e 

 you vc promise*!! lo pack nice and light. 

I hose* h and y th ree piecers w ill h e lp you 

 keep it that way. latch o u tfit com bines 

 jacket, skirt ariel pants. So you can team 

 the* jacket and pants one* day. them switch 

 to the jacket an d skirt the next. Just toss 

 on a t-shirt fo r adde*d pizazz. M I in s tr ik ­ 

 ing so I ids. stripes a m i patterns. In p a c k ­ 

 able polyester k n it. 
M a ila b le in M isse s’ 

 and iii llalf-sizes I I 1 2 to 2 1 1 2. 

In im r D ress D e p a r tm e n t 

 t 
Downtown Plaza Store 
Military Drive More 
I antral Park store 
Soledad at Navarro at Pleasanton Bd. 
San Pedro al Loop IHI 
Mon. and Thiir*. 9:3o-9 
Mon. thru Sal. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
_ 
All oilier day* 9.M>-b 
*L3o-M 
‘LTO-M 

( M M B r\\ I i on St-ars ({e v o lv in g ( (larg e 

S a le p riee s gimel th ru J u n e I .itll 

) 

Poge 
8-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
SA. LAWMAKERS: A MIXED BAG 

R IB A K 

I (intinurd from Page HA 

 brucellosis hills. 
His efforts were rewarded when 
House Appropriations Committee 
Chairman Bill Fresno I openly lauded 
Rains for Ins “ hard work and dedica­ tion as a member of the House Higher 
Education Committee” in developing several complicated formulas for cer­ 

 tain areas of funding. 
His priority lull to create a separate board of regents for Southwest Texas 
State University passed the House hut never cleared Senate committee lh* also created quite a stir with his 
Grey Forest hill, which sought to place a five-year moratorium on CPS expan­ sion of natural gas service in the area of the tiny Northwest Bexar County city. 
The hill passed the House full also 

 died iii a Senate committee. 
R E P . A B E R IBA K 
Introduced 2o lulls, of which I passed. 
Ribak got in over his head early by becoming embroiled in the fight to re­ peal unlimited sick pay for San An­ tonio police and lire lighters. 
It was an unnecessary exercise be- 
Yause repeal of the bill had almost been assured by public pressure. 
Much of Ribalds legislative efforts were in the area of constitutional amendments, such as a proposal for garnishment of wages for child sup­ port. 
Garnishment of wages, currently prohibited by the Texas Constitution, is a red flag to most legislators and 
Ribak’s bill took quite a kicking before being booted clear out. 

His HB87. grunting defense attor­ neys the right to see probation reports of their clients, has already been signed into law. 

Tejeda apparently didn t agree and it may have cost him most of his le­ gislative program in this first session 
Several of his bills had real merit hut flew in the face of committee chairmen who had plans of their 

EVEN IN G DRAM A W O R K SH O PS 

On The Stages Of One Of 
America s Greatest Theaters 
Ruth Taylor Theaters 

TRINITY UNIVERSITY 

Workshops in acting and playwriting. 

SUMMER SEMESTER REGISTERATION 
JU N E 7, 8, 9 7-8 P.M . 
FOR M O R E IN F O R M A T IO N CALL 736-8511 

Car-b us collision fatal to I 

TY LER (AP) - A car and a Dallas-boond bus collided head-on Satur­ day morning on Texas 31 near ibis East Texas city, killing the driver of the car and injuring IU bus passengers. 

SU T T O N 

R E P . LOU N E L L E SUTTON 
No bills filed and none passed. 
Mrs. Sutton, replacing her late hus­ band in the Bexar delegation, also took a seat on the House Appropriations 
Committee, where she didn’t miss a single meeting. 
While she didn’t introduce any bills of her own. her name appeared as co­ sponsor on several measures including state aid to teaching hospitals, a ban on child pornography, and job training for heads of households receiving aid to families with dependent children. lier band was also apparent on the appropriations bill where funding was provided for San Antonio State School and renovation of the Perry Shankle 
Building as a state office facility. 
Both had been prime efforts by her late husband. G.J. Sutton, during his time in the House. She saw them through. 
REP. FRANK T E JED A Introduced 
16 bills, of which I passed. 
Some feel that freshman represen­ tatives. like children, should be seen and not heard. 

T EJED A 

 own that didn't include funding for outside efforts. 
He stirred up a mini-fuss, and a lot of admiration from some, by opposing horse racing because he wasn’t con­ vinced it would be properly regulated or that proceeds would go to public education. 
His lone success was a bill requiring certain peace officers to enter the first law enforcement class available and complete it within six months instead of the year provided now. 
REP. BOB YALE Introduced 22 bills and passed 3. 
The box score shouldn't fool any­ body. Vale s own legislative program suffered from bis efforts on the House 
Appropriations Committee and later the joint appropriations conference committee. 
But if his program suffered. San 
Antonio gained as evidenced by the way area schools and institutions fared in funding this session. 

We’re OPEN 7 Days A Week 
7 a.m. to 12 p.m. Monday Thru Sunday 

IMPERIAL PURE CANE 
SUGAR 

SU PER S F O O D S 

1731 S. W .W . WHITE R O A D 
7 A.M. to 12 P.M. 

SU PER $ F O O D S 

3o46 E. COMM ERCE 
OPEN 8 A.M. to IO P.M. 
OFFICIAL USDA FOOD STAMP 
REDEMPTION CENTER 

SPECIALS GO OD THRU JU N E 8. LIMIT RIGHTS RESERVED. 

<5S? 
Imperial 

5 POUND 
BAG 
LIMIT I 

 r 

'.vSfe 

F A R M FRESH 
FRYERS 
. . POUND 

CUT-UP READY-TO-FRY............... i b . 4 9 * 

CUT-UP READY TO FRY 
BUCKET OF 

"H n I mm am mmgm sci Hi 
FAMILY PACK 
CHICKEN 
^ 

C H IC K EN 
BREAST o r 
TTH ? Cif H S...... «*»«> 

‘JJC 

CHICKEN 
BA C K ! 
REAL MEATY 

BB 
TURKEY 
D R U M ST IC K S 

TURKEY 

V 
WINOS 

POUND 

POUND 

43 
43 
79 
19 
39 
41 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

18 

I ? OZ. 
. PACK. 

It Ari 
GROUND BEEF 
SHUCK TIED CHIU 
SAUSAGE is 

RATHS 6 OZ. BOLOGNA, SAIAMI, SPICEO 
LUNCHEON MEATpkg 

KORN KIST 
SLICED BACON 

KORN KIST 
BULK FRANKS cb 
REAL MEATY PORK 
NECK BONES lr 

SLICED f » Q < t 

CALIF LIVER lb J ” 

 a pc o 
$ I o 9 

CERVELOTS midgets ib 

FINE (OR B B OUI 
LAMB BREAST 
». 

RATH S BOLOGNA. SAIAMI, OR SPICED 
$ I I 9 

LUNCHEON MEAT is 

APCO SMOKED 
o 
o 
4 

RING SAUSAGE is 

RATH S 
$ I 2 5 

SLICED BACON 
. » a z . 

HORMEL 
$ I 2 9 

HAM PATTIES izoz c a n 

RATH S CAN 
$ A 2 9 

HAMS 
TLB 

COUNTRY SMOKE HOUSE 
$ 1 4 9 

RING SAUSAGE lb 

LONGHORN 
% 69 

CHEESE............ M KTtLB. 

SLICED AMERICAN 
$ I I 9 

CHEESE ....................SINGlEs'pKG. 

 fARMER 
$ I 3 9 

CHEESE........... 8 oz. p k g . 

$ 1 o9 
79* 
55* 
59* 
79* 
39* 
5<I 
39 
V 
99 I I 

$6 I I I I 

BR A W N Y JU M BO 
TOWELS 
JU M BO ROLL 
49 

B A M A 

G RA PE JELLY 

2 LB. 
JAR 79 

DEL MONTE 
SPINACH 

3o3 CAN 

4 
$ 

FOR 
I 

DEL M O N T E 

FRUIT 
COCKTAIL 

3o3 
CAN 

CLS. NO. I RUSSET gm * j g % j j M k t 
POTATO *S C l o f 
8 *1 

GREEN CRISP STAEKS 
All rte 
C ELERY each O Y 
FRESH TENDER 
P rt< 
O K R A ............. ....... POUND 5 # 
GREEN SLICERS 
^ 
Art* 
C U C U M B E R S 
/us 2 Y 
SUPER SELECT 
A f t 
C A R R O T S 
BAG 
SWEET MEXICO 
. . . 
P IN E A P P L E 
.... EACH 5 # 
RED tUCIOUS g 

S T R A W B E R R IE S PINT BO* o / 
SWEET AND JUICY 
- 
» . 
P E A R S ...................... 4 lbs/ I 
YELLOW 
_ t - 
S Q U A S H 
5 lbs. 
I 

YELLOW TENDER 
SWEET CORN 
SWEET VALLEY 
CANTALOUPE 
GREEN SOLID HEAD 
CABBAGE 
3 ™ * ! 
, 1 o 

 s 
MEANS 
LOW PRICES 

\ 

 st OU LABEL 
NORTHERN 
T IS SU E 
VELUM 
S H O R T E N IN G 
FAMILY SIZE 
S JI 2 7 

TIDE 
4o4 OEF LABEL 
CHAMBRAY QUEEN 
$ I 99 

25 LB. 
F LO U R 

N E ST E A 
GOLD MEDAL 
F LO U R 
AMERICAN-8EAUTY INSTANT 
I P O T A T O E S . 

74* 

$1o9 

4 ? OZ. 
* s4 
I 
$ | 69 

3 OZ. PURE TEA 

S LB. SAG 

21 OZ. 

79* 
35* 
$189 

39* 
59* 
69* 
69* 

CRACKER JA C KS MG. SOX IO*. 

LY SO LSPRAY 

TONE 
B A T H S O A P 
.. S i m i LABEL 
(OCK YU Af 
APPLE JUICE 
SAGO-THICK AND ZESTY 
SPAGHETTI SAUCE oz 
Mitt 
SUM M ER DILLS . 
32o1. 

32 OZ. 

»'/« 

Dairy 

3o3 

3o3 

OEI MONTE CUT 
G R EE N B E A N S 

DEL MONTE MIXED 
V E G E T A B L E S 
OEI MONTE 
SLICED CARROTS3<n 
GOLDEN GRAIN MACARONI & 
CHEESE 
SWIFT VIENNA 
S A U S A G E 

AJAX 
C LEA N SER 
SHASTA 
S O D A W A T E R I2oZ can 

CAMPBEII 
P O R K ’N B E A N S un 
JOAN OF ARC 
C O R N ........... 
ZEST 
B A T H S O A P 
GOtD TIP 
P E A S 
SWIFTS 
PO TTED M E A T 

HUNTS 
T O M A T O S A U C E can 

V E R M IC E L L I ... soz.bo* 

J OZ. BOX 

. SOZ CAN 

REG. CAN 

3o3(AN 

BATH SIZ1 

38o CAN 

3 OZ. 

8 OZ. 

3 / M 

3 
/ $ l 

4 / $ l 

3 / M 

3 / $ l 

4 / M 

6 / M 

3 / M 

3 / M 

3 / M 

4 / M 

5 / M 

5 / M 

7 / M 

KRAFT 
O R A N G E JU IC E ...waz. 5 9 * 

« 6 9 * 

6 / M 
69* 

FARRAY SOFT 
M A R G A R IN E 

BALLARD 
B IS C U IT S ...... 

2 TUB 11 

B E G .TUBE 

FOREMOST 
C O T T A G E C H E E S E uox. 
FOREMOST 
$1o9 
O R A N G E JU IC E . 
/.GM 
I 

FOREMOST 
B IG D IP .................... Vt GAL 9 9 * 

39 

D EL M O N T E 
PEAS 

3o3 CAN 
3 $1 
FOR 

DEL MONTE 
TO M A TO c-m 
SAUCE 

FOR 

3 / M 

5 9 * 

BANQUET ASSORTED 
COOK ’N BAGS 

BANQUET ASSORTED 
D IN N E R S (EX C EPT H A M )... EACH 

IYNDEN FARM S FRENCH FRY 
F 
A 
F 
P O T A T O E S 
2 ib. - 
5 
V 

MINUTE MAID 
ORANGE JU IC E ?« 

TOTINO ASSORTED 
P I Z Z A ........... 

GORTON 
FISH STICKS 
TS OZ. PKG 

3 / M 

8 9 * 
S J 39 

■sg-r I 

C LA SS 
6 PACK 
LIMIT 4 

HEINZ BAR-B-QUE 
SAUCE 

16 OZ. 
59 

SEVEN UP 

2 LITER BOTTLE 

PLUS DEPOSIT 

2 
^ 
5 
9 
^ 

FALSTAFF 
BEER 

I 
o9 

 chance to decide if they wanted to le­ galize bingo as a charity fundraising activity in Texas. 
Although his bingo and courts fights made Lombard!?!© look pretty goiyi. his sick pay goofs almost certainly increased chances that he ll face arch-foe Vale at the polls next election. 

* 

VALE 

Vale’s fiscal accomplishments for 
Bexar won respect of most of the local delegation — and that kind of near- uanimity among local lawmakers is about as common as chickens with 
,lips. 
Two of Vale's bills which were passed deal with solar energy. One exempts manufacturers of solar de­ vices from the state’s franchise tax, and the other exempts homeowners who install them from having their property tax valuations increased. 
One major disappointment for the senior member of the Bexar delegation was failure of his glue sniffing bill to pass again. 
The paint and chemical lobby prevailed once more. 
Vale’s bill would have required an additive in all aerosol products — in­ cluding spray paint — to discourage toxic fume sniffing by youngsters. 
As usual, this one had the heavy majority of witnesses for it. but the few voices of the paint and chemical lobby were loudest. 

'Iv)- 

K O T H M A N N 

SEN. GLENN KOTHMANN Contin­ ued his self-proclaimed role as a bill killer, not a bill passer. 
He introduced no bills and if his 
“ killer” instinct knocked off any bills, the action wasn't perceived. 
Austin detractors occasionally refer to him as the “ somnolent senator” but supporters note he does most of his work back in his district. 
Still, his displays of public legisla­ tive action were so rare they usually provoked comment. 
At one point in the waning hours of the session. Kothmann rose to his feet to make a brief remark on a bill. While the remark wasn’t recorded, one ob­ server noted: “ I think those are the first words he’s spoken in this ses­ sion.” 
As in previous legislative sessions. 
Kothmann’s nose provided entertain­ ment for bored spectators. 
One day the senator developed a series of nose bleeds and was seen sit­ ting in his plush chair on the Senate floor, head thrown back and a long piece of Kleenex protruding from his nostrils. 

** 
V ? W 
O 
• 
.<■# '■ ne <.s 
I > 

L O M B A R D IN O 

SEN. FR A N K LOM BARDINO In­ troduced 18 bills, of which 4 passed. 
Chief among Lombardino’s bills passed and signed into law was repeal of the police and fire fighters’ sick pay law, which he authored and had passed in the last legislature. 
Urged by the results of newspaper polls in San Antonio. Lombardino fin­ ally acquiesced and joined Rep. Ron 
Bird in carrying repeal legislation. 
Whether Lombardino’s repeal of the sick pay bill will be sufficient to offset the adverse publicity it created re­ mains to be seen. 
Also passed and signed into law was 
Lombardino’s omnibus courts bill, much wanted by Gov. Briscoe. Of the 
21 new courts in the bill, four for San 
Antonio are now iii operation. 
Lombardino’s bingo bill didn t draw the right numbers to win. The House turned it down on the last weekend of the session, refusing to give voters the 

T R A E G E R 

SFN. JOHN TRAEGER His record speaks for itself — 45 bills introduced and 35 passed. 
If sometime in the future Sun An­ tonio faces a natural gas shortage and 
Lo-Vaca Gathering Co. is able to simply turn a switch and get gas from its underground reservior, Traeger is the man to be thanked. 
Still the old war horse of Bexar 
County’s delegation. Traeger. who lives in Seguin, remains an integral part of the Senate’s conservative establishment. And that, let there be no doubt, is the group which runs things in the Senate. 
(r onions Vinita** 
(ho (jiving .grout! 

Slinky S-iink chaining 

 for summertime w earin g 

For 
Pierced 
Ears 

1 4 k g o l d 

 c h a i n e a r r i n g s 

R e g 
- 2 b . . . N o w . - . 1 9 . 7 6 

1 4 k g o l d , 
1 5 i n c h 

 c h a i n . . . o n l y . . - 3 9 . o o § 

Illustrations Enlarged 
CHARGE the convenient to buy 

BankAmericard• Diners Club • Shoppers Charge 
• Master Charge • Carte Blanche •American Express 

Representative styles not available in all stores. 
Gordon^ 
JEWELERS 

8 G R E A T S T O R E S IN T H E S A N A N T O N IO A R E A : 5o1 
East Houston, Downtown • Las Palmas Shopping Center 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center • 842 S.W. Military Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
•-Central Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Shop Gordon's 
Coast to Coast. 

6-1-o7-] 5 

Super prices on good looking outdoor furniture. All in white, these plastic dipped steel frames are ideal for constant outdoor use and easy maintenance. Outdoor dining table is also available tor S144 and large round cocktail table for $84 
Master Charge. BankAmericard or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tot 341 2281 

ATLANTA (A P ) — Sparks front a short od power 
The investigators, iii addition, told Kentucky fire cord bemail the fire that killed at least IHI persons at officials Thursday night that the fire burned behind a Southgate. Ky., supper club last Saturday, an walls and in the club's attic for more than an hour investigating team says. before it was discovered. 
The private three-man team from Atlanta traced the cause of the blaze at the Beverly Hills Supper 
They said a power cord to a pump for the fountain 
Club to a decorative water fountain. The Associated apparently short-circuited, igniting some wooden 
Press learned Friday. studs behind a wall of the club's Zebra Room. 

Outdoor Furniture You 
Can Leave Outdoors 

T h e y liv e d th ro u g h th e trag e d y 

Son Antonio EXPRESS NEWS-—Sunday June 5 1977 
Page 
V 
Sparks blamed for giant Southgate fire 

FROELICHER 
BA ILEY 
DOCTOR 
D A V ID SO N 
SA B IN O 

Night of horror 

FREE LECTURE ON 
THE SILVA METHOD 

TM 

TONY SILVA 
> ICE PRESIDENT 

THE AMERICAN DYNAMIC MEDITATION SYSTEM 

One Of The 
Most Publicized Systems 

"OVER 75o,ooo GRADUATES" 

SILVA MIND CONTROL GRADUATES REPORT BETTER CONTROL OVER 

• 
HEALTH 
• MOTIVATION 
• INTUITION ESP 
• 
WEIGHT 

• 
MEMORY 
• SALESMANSHIP 
• PROBLEMSOLVING 
• 
SMOKING 

• 
CREATIVITY • CONCENTRATION • FEARS 
• 
SLEEP 

FOR REFERENCE ASK ANY SILVA MIND CONTROL GRADUATE 
ATTEND FREE LECTURE 

PLACE 

TIME: 
DATE: 

KAMADA INN 
333 N.W. LOOP 41o 
NORTH OF TIO & SAN PEDRO 
8 P.M. 
8 JUN E 1o77 
FOR MOKE INFORMATION CALL 673-33o5 

SOUTHGATE. 
Ky. 

(AP) — Bernie Doctor wanted a Memorial Day weekend to remember. 
He and his wife relished good entertain­ ment. A favorite spot was the Beverly Hills Supper 
C lub. a spraw ling night­ club offering the biggest names in show business and fine food. 
Since developing a heart condition, the state engineering clerk held a new appreciation for the good things in life — and life itself. He and Ins wife. Rose, had a fond­ ness for singer John 
Davidson, top-billed per­ former at the club last 
Saturday, the final show of an 
11-night en­ gagement. 
Reservations 
Doctor. 59. Rose. 5B. and Aunt Toss Schlonskv. 
75. had made re se rv a ­ tions days e a rlie r for dinner and the show. 
They drove from 
Columbus to the narrow, quarter-mile drive to the top of the bluff vv here the club overlooks a valley opposite a cemetery. A flurry of activity at the front door indicated a growing crowd. 
“ We arrived about 5:3o p.m.. had our car parked and went in to wash up." 
Doctor recalls. 
Freshened, the trio found a table in the bar inside the main entrance. 
They delayed cocktails and began a 25-minute wait for a table iii the dining room. 
Doctor scanned the a la carte menu aud. con­ cerned about a weight problem, selected fish. 
The women ate c a lf's liver. Then. sipping 83 cocktails, they chatted and relaxed. 
Less than four hours later the nightclub was engulfed in flames. Doc­ tor and the two women scrambled through dense smoke and flames to save their lives. Bul at least 
IHI others died. 
7 p.m. 
A three-man in ves­ tigating team from A t­ lanta reported to K en­ tucky officials last week that the fire began around 7 p.m. from a short circuit in a power cord of a decorative water pump near the club's Zebra Room and burned unnoticed inside a wall for more than ail hou r. 
M eanwhile, bv 
5:45 p.m. the paved parking lot outside was fillin g quickly. 
Fred Cianeiola. ti mu­ sician in the 24-piece house orchestra, arrived in his tuxedo, delicately 

 removing his Yuillaume violin from the car. The 
8o-year-old instruinent. valued at over 85.ooo. has been an obsession in the middle-aged Cincin­ nati man’s life. An even rarer model was des­ troyed bv vandals years back. 
Busboy W alter Bailey, 
18. already was busy. The night before was busy enough. Bailey thought, but it seemed to be bu­ sier this night. 
Bailey 
Bailey, five days out of high school, had worked at the club for more than a year, helping support his widowed mother and three younger brothers still living at home. But lie was souring on the 
81.2o-an-hotir job. "They don't tell you anything. 
They just put you out there to work.” 
He was one of 3(19 em­ ployes at the entertain­ ment palace, serving more than 4.5(1o cus­ tomers some nights. 
During its 4o years, the club claimed to be "The 
Showplace of the N a­ tion." In its heyday, ca­ sinos w hirred and 

 feather-costumed show­ girls pranced Parisian sty Ie. 
The aura ebbed iii 1952 when eoonskieapped Sen. 
Estes Retain er of Ten­ nessee cracked down on gambling. 
With betting gone, the nightclub — Southgate's major industry — vv till­ ered. ll was revived iii the BOOK bv 
Richard 
Schilling, a local night­ club king. F ire of unk­ nown origin ravaged the club m 
197o. and 
Schilling rebuilt im ­ mediately. doubling the size. including a chapel aud reception rooms. 
There were no deaths in the earlier fire. 
Labyrinth 

The swank complex became a labyrinth of assorted rooms to ac­ commodate big and small parties. Its crow ii jewel was the Cabaret 
Room. 
The Doctors and Aunt 
Toss hurried through their meal. Bernie was miffed ’bat his fish was fried rallier than broiled. 
It wasn't good for him. 
They* moved to the 

Cabaret where seats cost 
88.5o. 
It was 7:o5. Early, lie thought. But Doctor was shocked when he found the room jamm ed. His seats were IO feet from the right side of the stage. 
"W e were sitting like sardines. It was a shame the way they packed us in there. I had to fidget around just to get my butt co m fo rtab le." he said. 
Up the corridor in the 
Zebra Room. Larry Hall and M argaret Seifert celebrated after their wedding in the chapel. 
The cool air turned hot and sticky as the recep­ tion wore on, 
F in a lly , the groom 's father. 
Oran 
H all, recalls. "M y wife said she was so hot she would have to leave. We started to sweat. It got so hot we asked the waitress to sec if the air conditioner was off. 
She never cam e back." 
Too much 
The heat was too much for the partygoers. They left. The door was closed. 
The Atlanta investiga­ 

 tors said the Zebra Room was cool oil one side and hot on the side where the fire was m oving up a steel 
I-beam behind heavily plastered walls. 
They said the beam acted as a chimney and the fire eventually reached the club's attic space, where it spread to above the 
Cabaret Room. 
I ii the 
Cabaret, m eanwhile. 
Doctor sipped a 81.3o soft drink at his table and remembers whistling to him self. " I t was tin' craziest thing." he said. 
" I rem em ber thinking 
My God. W hat would happen if there was a fire.'" 
It was past 8:3o. Strag­ glers were filling the few rem aining seats. The audience of 9oo grew im­ patient. 
Singer John Dav idson, 
35-year-old son of a Bap­ tist minister, relaxed in a second-floor w aiting room. 
Smoke 

One floor below a wai­ tress smelled smoke. She ealled'for help. It wa* 
8:45. 

The hot blasts in cin erated the room w ith in m in u te s. F lam es ti a ti ceti on c u s h io n e d ch a irs. 
Elegant evening gowns ignited. 
Tem jtera tu res san ret I to m ore than FOOD degrees. 

Walter Bailey, a tray i i i his hand, watched the comedians iii the Cabaret who started the perfor­ mance minutes earlier. 
The waitress dashed over to him in the darkened theatre vv itll a w hispered message. lh* rushed to the cor­ ridor where thick, black smoke billowed from beneath the Zebra Room. 
A queasv feeling built in 
Bailey s stomach. He raced to the Cabaret. It was 9:o2 
County dispatcher 
Howard F ro e lid le r was reading the paper w lien the telephone rang. Fire at Beverly Hills Supper 
Club! 

He pressed a button oil tile plastic com m unica­ tions console before him. 
Sirens wailed, alerting the volunteer fire fighters iii this commun­ ity of 3.5oo. 
Gripped in sweat. 
Bailey was back iii the 
Cabaret. Ile went to the woman in charge. 
“ I asked lier if I could go to the stage and tell even body to get out. She didn t say anything, so I did it anyw ay." Bailey said. 

 soared to more than I .OOO degrees. 
Cries of agoiiv poured from the burning build­ ing. 
A human logjam plugged the rear door. A pursuing wall of fire ate w hat oxygen remained for those inside 
Cincinnati 1'ire ( apt 
Deter Sabina, that night a patron, scrambled out an exit 
" I ran over aud they suddenly quit coining o u t." Sabina said. " I heard scream ing. 
I looked ii i arid saw a dou­ ble door. This is vv here the nightmare hit me. 
"A ll I saw was arms and heads stacked up like cordwood. Some were wav mg." 

Shaking 
He walked on as the comedy team watched curiously. Ile took a microphone. "H e talked calmly, but he was shak­ ing." one comic said. 
Bailey tried to disguise the urgency of his m is­ sion. He pointed to the exits. He never said fire 
— until tin1 end. 
"So m e guys were laughing." Bailey said. 
"They thought I was part ol the aet." He wasn’t. 
Fire trucks were leaving the engine house. 
Doctor rem em bers hearing a near-ehant spread through the room when Bailey was fin ­ ished: "E v e ry o n e was saying. ‘Don't panic. 
Walk slow Iv."' Bailey led a large group toward the rear exit. 
Doctor started to leav e: 
"W e were walking aud laughing. But the minute we got into tile hallway, all hell broke loose." 
Raging flam es from the Zebra Room slipped through the air-condi­ tioning into the Cabaret, igniting the decorated ceiling. Pandem onium broke. The two groups became mobs lurching toward exits: 
Incinerated 

The hot blasts inciner­ ated the room w ithin minutes. Flames danced on cushioned chairs. 
Elegant evening gowns ignited. Tem peratures 

7.99,o16.99 

R e g . $ 1 2-$26. Beautiful 

 choices in short and long gowns, 

 pajamas, caftans and robes. All of 

 nylon tricot in discontinued colors 

 and styles. Sizes P L, 32 to 4o. 

Sleepwear 

 cool, collected 

 nylon sleepwear 

 and loungewear 

 from top names 
1/3 OFF 

1 Oil lands 
MON.-SAT., 1o-9, CENTRAL 
PARK, WINDSOR PARK, 
MILITARY PLAZA 

Page 
IO A 
San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday June 5 1977 

■ 

V. 

*T ailgate flay'' 

H O USEW IVES meet the farmers Saturday at 
Market Square's "tailgate day" at the Farmers 
Market. Here Mrs. Antonio Vargas buys produce from Poteet farmer E. G . Reyes Jr., one of the 25 to 3o farmers who brought fresh produce direct to the consumer. Demonstrations on preparing fresh produce were also staged. 
^Car^os fa 
MISSES 
DRESSES 
1/3 to 1/2 
O ff 

Specially selected fashions from our collection of long and street length styles ... m any fabrics and colors to choose from, so hurry in for super savings! 

Mayor late for explosion 

CHICAGO (AP) - A bomb exploded shortly alter noon Saturday in the Cook County build­ ing. down the hall from the office of acting Mayor 
Michael A. Bilandic. of­ ficials said. 

Bilandic was not in the building at the tim e. 
Fire officials said one person may have been injured. 

Radio station VVBBM said it received a tele­ phone call from a man who said the F A IA — 
Armed Forces of Puerto 
Rican Cf ber at ion — a 
Puerto Rican separatist group, was responsible for the bomb. 

Bilandic arrived at the building five minutes after the explosion. He had been attending a 
Puerto Rican Day Parade a few blocks away. 

Hotel seeks 
Prinze rent 

LOS ANGELES (AP) 
— 
The hotel where 
Freddy Prin/e com m it­ ted suicide has filed a claim against the comedian’s estate, seek­ ing payment for unpaid rent and telephone bills and damage caused when he shot himself. 
Prinze. 21, shot himself last January 2k at the 
Comstock 
Hotel in 
Beverly Hills, where he had been staying for several months after he and his wife, Kathy, 26, separated. 
"It s funny.’’ said the hotel’s attorney. Donald 
K. Sterling. “ The hotel usually was fastidious about collecting its bills. 
But he was just so sweet that they lei it run up.’’ 
Sterling filed a claim 
Friday seeking more than $4,4oo for phone bills, rent and “ substan­ tial damages to the apartment furnishings” resulting from the suicide. The claim did not elaborate on the damage. 

Despondent 

Prinze, costar of television s “ Chico and the Man” series, had been despondent over m arital and financial difficulties, his friends said at tho time. He can still be seen on the show iii daytime reruns. NBC has replaced him with a 
12-year-old actor who vvijl play opposite Jack A l­ bertson when the series resumes next Fall. 
Prinze’s estate was es­ timated at $5o,ooo w hen it was filed at probate last 
February, attorneys said. The bulk of the es­ tate was left to Prinze’s mother and his 
1o-month-old son, Fred­ dle Jr. 

HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 

I 

I 

HATS 
H and C reased Free 
W h ile You W a it 

.JA’A A 

BOOTS 

STRAW HATS 
$99V 1 9 ,S 
PANAMAS 
S2 o ° V 6 5 oo 

WE HAVE 
EVERYTHING 
FOR THE 
WORKING 
COWBOY 

JUSTIN 
LARRY MAHAN 
TONY LAMA 
DAN POST 
NOCONA 
TEXAS 
ACME 

NAME-BLANK BELTS 

BELTS f r o m........................$9 9S 
BUCKLES FROM 
.........................!4 “ 

SPECIAL 
ROPE HALTERS 
A ssorted Colors 
REGULAR $ 6 .2 5 

9 
% 
: 

ON SALE 
* 4 
9 5 

L A R G E SELECTION 
OF PLAIN OR 

FANCY WESTERN 

YOKED SHIRTS 

SHORT SLEEVE 
SO 

CHILDRENS 
/ 

$ © * 5 
4 f r o m i f y 
LADIES 
A 

$ 1 © 9 5 '/ 
FRO M 
I l f 
J 
MENS y 

S O O 9 5 ^ 
FRO M i . T 
AI 
V 
VI 
I 
AA y 

Granny enjoys her big family 

Today’s glamorous granny be­ lieves it is nature’s way to marry young and have children. 

She has seven children as proof she practices her belief. 

Shirley Ann Rogers. 8814 Easy 
Valley, also has a daughter who started her family while still young. 

In fact. she and her daughter both had children five and a half years ago in the same room at Nix Hospi­ tal only two weeks apart. 

The 42-year-old medical secretary gave birth to a son. Her daughter. 
Vickie Ann Capps of Big Foot, gave birth to a daughter. 

Since then both Mrs. Rogers and 
Mrs. Capps have each had sons. 

Mrs. R o g e r s was 18 when sh e married and says she would start married life at a young age if she had it all to do over. Her children range in age from 4 to 22 years. 

“ I think m arrying young and having babies is God s intention, you grow together as a family,’’ she explained. 

The daughter of a Royal Canadian 
Mounted Policeman who was born in Ogdensburg. N Y . Mrs. Rogers turns to dancing, reading and swimming for hobbies. 

She also finds time to write fea­ tures for a local weekly paper and does some modeling. 

Today's entry in The News and 
American Airlines search for the 
Most Glamourous Granny of South 
Texas says she wants to win so she can go to Mexico and enjoy the pleasure of vacationing there and to enjoy the tremendous experience of sightseeing. 

The winner w ill spend six days in 
Mexico having fun in both Acapulco and Mexico City. 

The contest is open to any grand* mother in South Texas and the winner will stay in the Americana 
Fiesta Palace Hotel in Mexico City and Americana C'ondesa del Mar 
Hotel in Acapulco. 

To enter, the glamorous granny must come to The News’ any week day. 

See Monday’s News for rules and details on how to enter the Most 
Glamorous Granny Contest. 

IL 

 g J JM rn 

 rn 

M RS. SHIRLEY ROGERS 

Public appeal nets paint for Dallas jail 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 
D A L L A S — D allas County co m m issio n ers turned down 
Sheriff Carl Thomas’ request to paint the county jail, so the sheriff did what Tom Sawyer did 
— he got some help from his friends. 
Thomas asked the public Thursday to donate 98o gallons of paint for the ja il and by Friday night he had received promises for more than 6oo gallons. 
Thomas made the appeal on the contention that the commissioners court refused to give him $5,ooo to buy paint brushes and paint. 
But embarrassed commissioners said Friday after Thomas made the public appeal that Thomas had not been turned down flat. County Judge 
John Whittington and Commissioner 
Roy G it said the sheriff only had been asked to see if he had money in his budget for paint before they dipped into other accounts for the funds. 

Commissioner Jim Tyson said he was “ embarrassed” that the sheriff had appealed to the public for help. He said he had planned to use money from his own county road and bridge district to buy the paint if the court had not giv en Thomas the money. 
“ The sheriff also needs some new carpeting for his office and I hope we don't have to go through this on that.” 
Tvson said. 

Gov. Mandel steps down 

ANNAPOLIS. Md. (AP) - Gov. 
M arvin Mandel. hospitalized for several weeks this spring and now standing trial on political corruption charges, said Saturday he is stepping aside temporarily as governor. 
He designated Ll. Gov. Blair Lee as acting governor. 

TB-like disease prevalent on coast 

BLACKSBURG, Va.(APJ - As many as 8(1 per cent of Americans living along the coast from V ir­ ginia to Texas show evidence of infection by a tuberculosis-like disease, say researchers at V ir­ ginia Tech. 
The National Institute of Health has given the school $12o,323 to finance a two-year study of the lung disease to try to find its source. 
Tech researchers say the disease is caused by organisms known as atypical Mycobacteria that are resistant to commonly-used drugs. 
Unlike TB, the infection is not spread from one person to another, said Joseph O. Falkinham III, assistant professor of biology at the university. 
“ We have proposed that the ocean is the reservoir for these organisms and are in the process of isolating atypical Mycobacteria trom these waters and initiating experiments."_______ ____________ 

^ 
^ C a rgo s Ca 7\Xode 

Black patent, white or beige leather. 
Special! 

19.99 

 e Downtown • Wonderlond • Military Ploio • Worth Star • Windsor Pork ^ fflasyos fa cMbde 

TWO IN ONE . . . 
A pretty sm ocked and flounced sundress. . . tuck the straps in and its a flirty skirt. . . in assorted colorful prints, sizes 6-14 
. . . 1oo% cotton. 

3 2 . o o 

FROM 
* 8 
S \ 

I 
A 
I 

WESTERN 
HERITAGE 
MS. PIONEER & LASSO 

LADIES WESTERN 
SUITS 

FRO M $3 5 oo 

JUMPSUITS 

FRO M $3 5 95 

DITTO PANTS 
A N D 
K N IT TOPS 

 lot\ 
I > i $ - 

LONG SLEEVE 

FROM $ 8 
9 ? v 

AND 
Wrangler 
(•rem em ber the " W 
.lent 

DENIM JEANS 
PRICED TO SELL 

* 9 ” 
, . * 1 3 9S 

HARRIS 
WESTERN CENTERS 
N ow with THREE Convenient Locations to Serve You!!! 

 g HARRIS STOCKYARDS WESTERN STORE 
HA*?LJ * ™ 
R! , ® ,,ItR 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER, South A 
* J 
_ 
. . . . . . . . 
.... 
J r 
1716 So. Son Marcos 
San Antonio 
225-3667 
Open 8:3o to 5:3o PM 

LYTLE 772-3634 
1H-35 South of San Antonio 
Toil Free Line 622-93oo 
Open 8 AM to 6 PM 

SOME STORES CLAIM THE BEST DEAL IN TOWN 

ALL N EW M ATCH ED SETS 
IN THE W RAPPER. 

_______________S C x W 
S 
V ft 

WE GUARANTEE* T 
H 
E 
_______ 
ST DEAL ANYWHERE! 

COMPARE OUR 2o YEAR NON PRO-RATED LIM­ 
ITED WARRANTY. WE CAN SELL AT THIS PRICE 
BECAUSE WE ARE THE BIGGEST DISCOUNTERS 
IN THE AREA. THE MATTRESSES ARE MADE HERE 
IN SAN A N TO N IO ... COMPARE ... ANYWHERE! 

THE PRICE YOU HAVE 
TO PAY FOR OTHER 
TOP LINE SLEEP SETS. 
EVEN 
LESS 
THAN 

A f 

SHOP THE SEALY, 
POSTUREPEDIC OR 
SIMMONS BEAUTY REST 
OR THE SERTA PERFECT 
SLEEPER AND COMPARE 

,fi r n * 

"GUARANTEED LOWEST PRICES 

We guarantee tower prices on new furniture then any other retail furniture store anywhere regardless of any kind of sale they may run. lf you con beat the prices on any furniture you buy from us at any retail furniture store other than United Discount Furniture we will refund to you 12o% of the difference. 

!. Price confirmation is required. 
2. Must be within 3o days of purchase. 

3. Must be alike and of same brand and/or model num­ bers. 
UNITED DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

834 S.W. Military Drive 
San Antonio 
924-43o3 
Open 9 AM to 7 PM 

2 HUGE 
WAREHOUSES 
LOW OVERHEAD 
; SAVES YOU 
MONEY 

#1 1o4 LAMAR 
4 BLOCKS EAST OF BROADW AY 

ON PTH STREET JUST PAST IN 37 

#2 1o41o PERRIN-BEITEL o^ 
ToH 

OPEN 
TUSS. IO 'T IL 9 
CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC ALL OTHER 

TO THE TH U R S. I O ' T I L 9 DAYS EXCEPT FOR SPECIAL OPENINGS 
' 

PUBLIC 
SAT. IO 'T IL 2 
WHEN ADVERTISED 

{ £ * * £ COUPON 

O u r U su al 494 yd. 
LACES AND RIFLINGS 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sund ay June 5 1 9 7 7 
P a g e I I -A 

 f o i a { £ 4 V £ CO U PO N 

O u r U su al 39< 

MEN’S BANDANAS 
I la ce s, ruffling*, e d ge s, a n d braids. 
W h ite a n d colors. 
C o tto n /n y lo n , lim it 
I 
3 o yds. 
2 7 

Irregulars. 
Assorted colors. 
1oo% cotton. 
Limit 3. 

GOOD M O N D AY, JUNI 6 
I t - N ) 
23 

| a t* f r«*r c o u ppN 

O u r U su al 59< 
HUSH HUSH 
AU NUD£ PANTY HOSE 

 rf I 
First quality of values j to 
$1. 
Beigetones. 
| 
P.M.T. Limit 6. 

I O L P f *4VE C O U P O N 

O u r U su al 25< yd. 

BATES FRINGE 

I 
Up to 6" widths. Cot- 
I ton blends. 
Popular 
I colors, limit 36 yds. 
I 
I 
14 

GOOD M O N D AY, JUNI 6 yd- 

(E-N ) 

GOOD M O N D AY, JU NI 6 
( E - N ) 

 i O l O f E E V K C O U P O N 

O u r U su al 894 

BOYS’ BRIEFS 

I First quality. 

I Polyester/cotton. Sizes 
I XS to XL. limit 3. 

GOOD M ONO AY JU N I 6 

38 

C O U P O N 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ 
T-ToP5 AND TANK TOPS 

I Irregulars made to sell 

 l O i , O f £ * V E COUPON 

O ur U su al 39< 
LADIES' £ TEENS’ PANTIES 

 rf 
I to $7. Sizes S.M.L and 
^ 
I 38-52. limit I. TICKETED 
3 for I cg 

$ 1 
I 

Irregulars. Acetate. 
$1 48 j 
White and colors. 

I 

% O k O i £ M V C C O U P O N 

7oz. NEW! SHORT N 
SASSY SHAMPOO 

I 
Sizes 5 to IO. limit 
I 
8. 
4 » $ 1 

I N orm al, Dry, and 
I Oily. Limit 2. 

GOOD M O N D AY. JU N I 6 
(E -N ) 
GOOD M O N D AY. JUNI 6 
(E -N ) 
GOOD M O N D AY JUNI A 
(E-N ) 

 f O L E f E E V E C O U PON 

O u r U su al $ 2 .1 9 
LADIES’ DEARFOAM 
WASHABLE SUPPERS 

 i i H a f E E V K C O U P O N 

PRINT HALTER TOPS 

79 

GOOD M O N D AY, JU N I A 
(E -N ) 

I 

* Irregulars of S3 value, j Sizes 
S.M.l. limit 
I. 

» / \ eS“'° « S to $142; TICKETED $1.39 

IO. limit I. 
J j 
64 

|JNL4Tf JTrfV* C O U PO N 

O u r U su al 794 
CURITY TRAINING PANTS 

Irregulars. 
Polyes- 

 t a i o i i M 
V c c o u p o n 

16oi. ALBERTO BALSAM 
INSTANT CONDITIONER 

I fer/cotton. Fiver layer j crotch. Sizes 2 to 4. 
I 
Limit 3. 
45" 

I Mew light n 
Fresh 

I Formula, limit 2. 
$ 
1 
. 
9 

GOOD MO NDAY JU N I A 
(E-N ) 
GOOD M O N D AY, JUNI A 
(E -N ) I 
GOOD M O N D AY, JU N I A 
(E -N ) 
GOOD M O N D AY JU NI A 
(E -N ) ^ 

SELECTED GROUP! 
Print Sun Dresses 

IAKKAMERICWD 
Irregulars made to 

 sell to $ 2 o. Sizes 5- 

★ 45” Polyester/Cotton Spring Fabrics 
★ 45” 1oo% Cotton Blouse & Dress Prints 
★ 45” 1oo% Polyester Solid Color linen Weave 
★ 45” IOO Cotton Striped Seersucker 
★ 4 5 ” Polyester/Cotton Woven Fancies 
★ 45” 1oo% Cotton Matching Poplin Print 
★ 45 
Polyester/ Cotton Novelty Coordinate Stripes 
★ 45” 6 5 % Polvester/35% Cotton Dotted Swiss 
★ 45” 1oo% Nylon Qiana Scarf Prints 
★ 45” Polyester/Cg to'* Railroad Stitch Linen Weave 
★ 6o” 1oo% Polyester Woven Policies 
★ 6o” 1oo% Printed Ultressa 
★ 6o” 1oo% Polyester Yarn Dye Knits 

. 
"-A 
V - <, J ' i.V 

MOST ITEMS IN AIL S.'ORES* 

WHILE QUANTITY CASTS? 

YOUR 
CHOK?! 

I 3 and 8-1 8. 

TICKETED M3 
$ ^ 8 9 

Better Sun Dresser 

 and Denim Jumpers 
*13 

Irregulars and first quali­ ty made to sell to $3o 
Sizes 5-14 and 6-16. 

TICKETED MS 
Summer Dresses, Long Formals 

Pant Suits and Skirt Sets 

Irregulars, samples, and first quality made to sell for $ 2 5 to $5o. Sizes 5 -1 5 and J 
6-1 8, som e in I 4'/2-24V2. 

Yd. 

TICKETED'IO 
$C9o 

54” Cut Velvet Upholstery Fabrics 

Full bolts. Com pare to $ 2 5 yd. 

OUR REG. M O Y D . . . ........................ 

54” Screen Printed Drapery 

& Slipcover Fabric o 4 * 1 4 

Full Bolts. Com pare to $ 4 yd. 99 

TICKETED M3 

5 
9 o s 
9 
9 5 
$ 
T 
] 
5 
5 
$ 
| 
. 4 

TICKETED M 5 
$1 155 

TICKETED M 8 
S I 475 

TICKETED '2o 
$ 

All Gaucho Sets 

Irregulars made to 
[Cfi sell to $35. Sizes 5- 
1 3 and 6-16. 

REGARDLESS 

OF TICKET PRICE 

$ J 
9 
o 

 yd. 
-“rf 

 h-i(H s ? a.-mous m akers sh o rt s ik v s 

 famous makers 

 irregular mode 

 and 6 18 

Pants, Skirts, Vests, Gauchos 
'3 
TICKETED 

>6 TO '8 ...$ 

M u 
TICKETED 

O i l 
'IO AND M2 off 

 i s a 
Spcrt Shirts 
Summer Blazers & Jackets 

A 

 irregulars and first quality of values to $16. Solids, stripes, and patterns, Polyester blends, 1oo% polyester, and cot­ 

 ton. One and two pocket sport shirts. Sixes SJM I.XL 

Irregulars made to sell 
$4o zes 
5-15 and 6-16 

OUR REG. '4,98........................... 

$ 
4 
3 7 f | l ! T i l 

<e* 
V, v 
J L 

% 

TICKETED 

'8 TO'13 ..* 3 
$ t 
TICKETED off 
*15 T O '2 o ...4 off 

SOME WITH ORIGINAL LABELS 
Print Shirts, Novelty Tops, 
Blousons & Cowl Neck Tops 

Irregulars and first quality m ade to sell for 
$1 2 to $ 2 o . Size s S.M .L, and 6-1 8. 

TICKETED ‘8 
$£5o 

TICKETED *5 
TICKETED *6 
TICKf TED 7 

V t 

 c a 

4^i 

 s4/5 

$ / ' 5 o 

Girls’ Jumpsuits 

Irregulars of values to $2o 

Sizes 4 14. 
TICKETED $5 TO $ 7 ........$2 off 

Girls’ & Teens’ Tops, Shorts, Jeans, Skirts 

Irre gu la rs of va lu e s ta $ 1 2 

Sizes 4 14 and 6 1 4 
$ 1 7 9 
$ * 1 5 9 
$ o 7 3 
TICKETED $3-$4-$5___ 
I 
- £ 
- J 

N E W S H IP M E N T 
Men s “Weeds” Fashion Jean Flares 

$ 
1 
1 
3 
7 

First quality. 1 o o % cotton flared jeans with styled pocket designs in assorted fabrics. All new styles in sizes 2 8 -3 8 . 

OUR REG.'13.96 

Infants’ & Toddlers’ 
Short Sets, Sun suits, and Pant Sets ladies' I 
. Teens’ Summer Gowns 

|: Irregulars of values to $12, Pastel prints and 

Irregulars of voiu* to S9 98 Polyester cot 
: solids, Long nylon sleep and lounge styles. Sizes 

 ton Ploy and dress styles Two piece sets 
|§ $,M.L. for boys and girls. Many styles. Sizes 17 to 
24 ona 2 to 4 

$ 
^ 
9 
7 

TICKETED^ 

.■im 

Men’s Short Sleeve Knit Shirts 

Irregulars and first quality. Pullover crewneck, collar, and tank top 

 styles. 
Select from boid stripes, neat patterns, and solids. 
Polyester/cotton blends. Sizes S.M .L.XL. 

Toddler Summer Shorts 

3 9 * 

L A D IE S 1 A N D T E E N S 1 

Cool Baby Dolls 

Irregulars. Polyester/cot­ ton. 
Pull on. 
Efostic 

 waist. 
Cool playwear. 

Sizes 2 to 4. 

|! Irregulars of values to SIO 
I Nylon and polyester/cotton 

|| Prints ond solids Mony styles 

Summer sleepweac Sizes S M I 
S 2 
9 8 

TICKETED $4 

Summer 
Dusters 

Irregulars of values to SI 7 
Polyester/rotton long 

 lengths 
Short sleeves. 

Prints Pockets Sizes S M I. 

TICKETED '4 

REG. 

'4.98 .. 
$J36jREG. $ 
4 2 j REG. $o63 

. ® T 
'3.98 .. O 
'2.98 .. 
M e 

REG. 

'1.98 

 s p a 

Toddlers’ Knit Tops 
64" 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ SUMMER SHOEMATE! 

★ B u d g e t S a n d a l s ticketed 4 5 6 

48 $C31 

Irregulars. 
Polyester/cot­ 

 ton. 
Prints ond solids. 

Short sleeves. 
Style for 
_ m w m m , ri/ ’i / r r r n so boys end girls. Sizes 2 to 4. 
’v 
I IC K E T E D I A I 

U M R l l ll K IA 
" I f N l C A l * WU A M N A B > r ” 
3* SRCWWSELBS: 

Ladies’ Maternity Girdles 

S | 95 

First quality White. Nylon lycra spandex 

Front stretch panel. Sizes S.M.L.XL. 

MOSTLY FIRST OU AUTY TO MS 

White, bone, camel, ond other colors, fabrics, smooths, cmd sane genuine leather Sires 5 to IO 

$ o 5 6 

Sandals & Wedges 

MOSTLY HRS! aUMITY TO *2o 

M any are genuine leather from Italy, Spain, and 
Brazil. White, came!, and others Sizes 5 to IO. 

TICKETED $7 
AND 18 

> 6 " 

Park Ave. "Under Wonders” 
Panty Hose 

IRREGULARS OF S2.5C FAMOUS BRAND 

Beige or Suntan. With white or beige panty. 
Sewn on waistband. 
Sizes A B C. 
59 

“Sum m er Sheer11 
All Nude Panty Hose 

I F L U I D O C H O B S 

VA oz. C H A R L IE a, 
■ 
COMPARE 
C o lo g n e at josxrs 675...... 

4 oz. C h a r lie P e r f u m e d 

 n s 
COMPAS! 
B o d y S ilk at 5.5o.................. 

 s 5 

4 

49 

49 

3.3 oz. NINA RICCI “L Airdu Temp” 

Eau de Toilette atwo*....... 6 
98 

 i i 
IRREGULARS OF $2 FAMOUS BRAND 
OLO SPICE DELUXE TRAVEL KIT 

Beige or Suntan 
Mull. 
^ 
« 
4 % O i . A f t e r S h o v e • 6 oz. S h o v e C r . o m 

 filament. Sizes PM-MT. 
V* O x . R o il O n D e a d . 
5 
49 

Better Imports & Famous Brands 

* 8 - . n o 

Famous Total Support 

. i i itrMuloPi of values lo S i St 
Pantv Hosp ^*<1 »*> *».»♦ sumon 
I U 
M 
I y 
I I U 
J U o v.faf. m loll Guean Shot 

 ii region el i.lu.i is SS Svtaer’ sen Ty ptvi 
OI f»t» iA.i1, 
Short * Toll 
$ | 46 
Revlon 

MGSTIY FOST QUALITY TO *35 

Wedges, he*ls, dogs, and sandals. 
T lf-K m i* 
Some ore 
Labels you will recognize. Sizes S to IO. 
M O . . . . 
I 

Famous Super Sheer Plain 

Knit Panty Hose 
Suntan f.tan aad olh.it Sun M T KT 69< 

MOON DROPS 

DISCOVERY 

NIGHT CREAM 

I I Oz. 
I f 
- 
77 

6 oz. Revlon Flex 

TREATMENT 
SHAMPOO 

6 oz. Tube equals I pint 
S I 19 

 i®S!8 
Wf*f* 

•fa n j 

 bv 

<:x*m r ->-r rn rn 
-J. 

Poge 
12-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS- NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

The University of Mexico at San 
Antonio announces 2 courses in the 
Mexican Studies Department 

“ History of the Mexican Revolution 19o8-195o” 
M W 6 -7 
T/Th 6 -7 :3 o 

“Development of Thought in Contemporary Mexico 
19o6-1956” 
M W 7 -8 :3 o 
T/Th 7 :3 o -8 :3 o 

Classes meet 4 nights a week Mon.-Thurs. 
Classes are taught in Spanish 
N ow registering a t HemisFair Plaza 
Call 2 2 7 -o 3 1 1 for m ore inform ation. 

Out o f the mouths of. 

By J ACK K EEV ER 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
AUSTIN' - Sena­ tors have gone home but some of their memorable words linger on. 
Son. Tati Santiesteban. tor exam pie, once asked 

 the nominations subcom­ mittee to excuse a con­ stitu e n t who could not appear for questioning by the subcommittee on his appointm ent to a state board. 
" li e ’s a personal friend of mine, and bis heart and his head are co-min- 

 gled." said Santiesteban. 
" I beg your pardon?” said Sen. Bill Braecklein. a puzzled expression his face. 
" I t makes sense.” re­ sponded Santiesteban. 
It does? 
At another nominations hearing. Sen. 
W a lte r 

Mengden said of F red 
Hartman, who had been appointed to the air con­ tro l board. " H e knows the atm osphere of a ir control.” 
Ilm m m . 
T here was the tim e , too. that 
Sen. 
A K . 
“ Babe” Schwartz sought 

 to explain why he wanted an entry in the Senate jo u rn a l changed. 
" I d id n 't want no th ing . I wanted nothing — there s a difference." 
On another occasion. 
Schwartz accused Sen. 
Kent Hance of "staying up all night learning how 

■:* 
' M O D f f E A R 
S WESTS 

A. J. FOYT 
WINNER OF THE 1977 
INDIANAPOLIS 5oo 

# r n 
A i r n l l i i i 
/ o i l 
■ L l 
7*stA - V* < 
'.V. 
-if- 
/-7 it-:? 
' J\ 
'• ii’ V 
.- A-.■ 

'Custom Power Cushion Polyglots' 
Goodyear's All-Time Bestseller 

Double 
Belted 
Strength 
2 t m 3 
*59 

A78-13 w h ite w a ll plus 
$1.73 F.E.T. p e r tire and o ld tire s 

W hitew all 
Size 
. 
W hitew all 
Pair Price 
' r/v'Jl " 

Plus F.E.T. per tire and old tires 
D78-14 
$64.oo 
$ 2 .o 9 
E78-14 
$65.oo 
$2.26 
G78-14 
^$74.oo 
$2.58 
H78-14 
$83.oo ^ 
$2.8o 

G78-15~ 
$2765 
H78-15 
$2.88 
L78-15 
$3/17 

SAVE NOW 

Rally GT6o & 7o Series 
All sizes sale p ric e d th ro u g h S aturday. 

6o-5eries As Low As 

A(,o U white le tte r plus i i ’ l o l l T 
No trade needed 

7o Series As Low As 

I /TI 14 w hite le tte r plus i i 44 I f I 
No tra d e n e e d e d 

ON SALE 

Save *12 to *19 On These 
'Polyglas GT' 
W ide Treads 

S ize 
R egular 
P rice 

E6o-14 
$56 45 | 
F6o 14 
$61 o5 j 
F6o-15 
$6?. 65 ! 
G 6 o -1 4 
$63 65 j 
GBO-15 
$65.3o | 
L6o-15 
S76 OO I 

Sale Ends S aturday 

RAIN C H EC K - lf we sell out of your size we will issue you a ram check, assuring future delivery at the advertised price. 

MAKE YOUR 

WITH OUR 
'TRACKER AT' 

For 4WD's, RY Pickups and Campers 

For 4 w h e e l drives, p ic k -u p s a n d RV s 
A ll-te rra in tre a d d e sig n 
R u g g e d p o lye ste r c o rd b odv 

1o-15 TL 
Load R a n g e B 
B lack w all 
Plus $4.18 F.E.T. and old tire 

1o-15 TL 
Load R a n g e B 
W H IT E L E T T E R 
Plus $4.18 F.E.T. and old tire 

Hassle-Free Auto Service...For More Good Years In Your Car! 

Lube & Oil Change 

$ 5 8 8 

• Complete chassis lubrica­ tion and oil change * Helps ensure long wearing parts and smooth, quiet perfor­ mance • Please phone for appointment • Includes light trucks 
Ask tor our fre e Battery Power Check 

Front-End Alignm ent 

$ 1 3 * 1 8 

 ll S made cars parts extra it needed 
I xc ludes front wheel drive cars 

• Complete analysis and alignment correction — to increase tire mileage and improve steering 
• Precision equipment, used by experienced mechanics, helps e n ­ sure a precision align­ ment 

Engine Tune-Up 

$ 3 
6 
8 s 

6 cyl. ~ Add $4 for 
8 cyl., $2 for air cond 
Price Includes Parts and labor 

• Our mechanics ele c­ tronically fine-tune your engine • New points, plugs and condenser 
•T e s t charging/starting systems, adjust carbu­ retor • Helps maintain a smooth running engine 
•In clu d e s Datsun, T o y­ ota. VW and light trucks 

JlJSf S a y 'C h a r g e I t 7 
* ? ° ° dyear Revo,v'nf1 Charge • O u r o w n Customer Credit Plan • Master Charge 
BankAmericard • American Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

See The Guys 
. In The Winners Caps 

G O O D Y E A R 

See Your Independent Dealer For His Price. Prices As Shown At Goodyear Service Stores In All Com munities Served By This New spaper. Services Not Available at Starred Locations. 

 irw ni I U VY r * n u n I ne A i I 
1315 Austin High** 
824-o2o8 

N U K J H M A K ay J 
226 Rector 344-9786 
(Across from N. Star Mall) 

 irll^ 8 to 5:3o Toes.;^9 to 5:3o Sat. 8 to 5 

WEST 
1811 W est Commerce! 
225-7677 

SOUTH 
2131 S.W . M ilitary 
923-4563 

NORTH 
47o2 San Pedr 
824-2371 

S O U T H E A S T 
I 346 Fair 
534-5463 

 u u w N T O W N 
4o1 N. Alamo 
227-7381 

 w o p 1* * P*L iA Z ,ADj N £ V V B K ^ U N F f l S I 
K E R R V I L L E 
I 479 Perrm -Beitel R d ! 
^ c 
I o c , oJ1o- 
656-31 I I 

E A S T 
3o3o tost Commerce 
225-7266 
• / fit.' 
• «7-: . 

B A R B E R TI RE & A P P L I A N C E 
Devine, Texas 
6 6 3 -5 7 o 6 

A T A S C O S A T I R E C E N T E R 
119 W . O aklaw n Hw y. 9o W est 
Pleasanton, Texas 569-3484 

W H A U M A N TIRE 
22o1 Cincinnati 
735-5251 

★ R A N D O L P H TI RE C E N T E R , I N C 
829 Pat Booker Road 
Universal City, Tx. 

 tu m u m b le a b ill through.” 
Asked if she would really like to be gover­ nor. Sen. Betty Antinial- punctuated her honorary day as governor with this remark. "Well. I suppose one would rise to w hat­ ever occasion that might arise.” 
Sen. B ill Moore d is ­ played hi> reasoning power when he explained to the Senate why he p re fe rre d the old 
Th mile-anhour speed lim it to 55 in.p.Ii. “ You go to sleep d riv in g 55 m iles per hour,” said Moore. 
Caiit-argue-w ith-t hat p o litic a l a dvice came from Sen Carl Parker, who protested a SHUI m illio n am endm ent to the highway funding hill: 
"You hear in Hie legisla- 

 come of the GPs (general p hvsicia n s) in yo u r area?” The u n s m ilin g 
Para bee replied. “ Oh. I don’t know — $1o,ooo." 
Even lob b yist 
Ace 
Pickens of the Texas 
M edical 
A ssociation roared at the unbelieving expression on Schwartz s face. 
Blinding 
Mengden enlightened his colleagues with his d e fin ition of Congress. 
" I t rem in d s me of a swamp owl. The m ore lig h t you shine in its eyes. the blinder it gets." 
Occasionally, a witness before a Senate com m it­ tee would delight sena­ t o r w itll verbal skill"-. 
( AV. W h itfo rd of the state comptroller’s office offered tills observation. 

71 (Congress) reminds me o f a sivantf) aiel, The more light you shine in its eyes, the blinder it 

 live halls Ilia! you don t want to get crossways wiili the governor Well, let me tell you something 
— the governor doesn’t vote in your d istrict.” 
That same proposal aroused Sen. Lloyd Hog­ get t to oratorical heights. 
" It seems appropriate.” said Doggett. " th a t we change the state flower from the bluebonnet to a concrete overleaf.” 
Two humps 

Schwartz, who spewed more words-per-minute than any legislator, gave a description of the bicam eral system of governm ent that w ill never be found i i i a text­ book. "T h e only d iffe r­ ence in the Senate and the House — except the caliber of the people — is the filibuster rule. W ith­ out it. the Senate would be jus! a small House." 
He evaluated the House this way: "There are 1511 folks over there and some are fa irly in te llig e n t." 
No names, please. 
A "s tra ig h t-m a n ” re­ sponse brought the b ig­ gest guffaw of the session as Schwartz asked Sen. 
Ray Para bee of Wichita 
Palls, the sponsor of the medical malpractice bill. 
"What i- the average in- 

" Y o u ’ li find out a poor football coach and a good tax assessor move around a lot — there’s no way around it.” 
Sen. AAI. Alkin always turns his back to the press table in speaking to the Senate from his front row seat. but he could be heard the day he quoted 
Hance on a hill to spend state money on textbooks for ch urch schools — 
"That's the greatest vic­ tory for the C atholics since they won the Cotton 
Bowl.” 

Food tor . . . 

A p ra ye r opens the 
Senate session each day. and Hit* most popular one w a s also the shortest. 
The Rev. Gerald Matin of the Univ ersity B aptist 
Church iii Austin prayed. 
"R em em ber, happiness 

 is g iv in g each other a piece of our hearts rather than ii piece of our minds." 
Moore, at least, had ait e xplanation for any problems he might have speaking Ins native ton­ gue. He stum bled over the word "considerable" in debate and added. 
" M y E nglish is bad. I studied English at Texas 
AAM ’ ’ 

Sprague gets new position 

Jerry Sprague, veteran 
San Antonio News news editor, is being promoted to News e d ito ria l p ro ­ duction chief. 
Sprague, who has been w ith the E xpress and 
News for more than 311 years, will be in charge of all advance operations for The News. 
A graduate of Texas 
Tech 
U n iv e rs ity . 
Sprague w o rked on newspapers in New Mex­ ico. Idaho and California before jo in in g the Kx- press-N’ews. He was gen­ e ra l m a na g e r of the 
Express-N'ews Lower Rio 
Grande Valley operation before being named news editor of The News. 
His wife. Mrs. Gloria 
Sprague, is an executive in the auto insurance di­ vision of United Services 
Automobile Assn. 
Mr. and Mrs. Sprague have two children. They are a son. who graduated this year fro m Texas 
A&M University and is 

'-•wr.. J W 

JERRY SPRAGUE 

 engaged in the construc­ tion business in the 
B ryun-C ollege Station area, and a daughter, a 
1977 graduate of Texas 
Tech. who w ill begin studies this fall at the 
University of Illinois for a master’s degree. 

■c. A ^ p 1a ^ Q a, 

■ a r b 

Now at The Diamond Store, the new Contoura II bridal sets. 

 a. Pear-shape diam ond bridal set, $ 4 5o b. O val-shape diamond bridal set, $5 5 o c. Marquise-shape diamond bridal set, $55o 
All in 14 karat gold. 

O pen a Z ales account or use one o f five national credit plans 

• 4oo I. HOUSTON 
_ wnBTU 
, 
• 1 1 6 1. HOUSTON 
V 
A m 
W R M R I E H S X ? * 1 
Silo. Downtown 
A a 
B 
PERRIN PLAZA 
Itort.)« „ » ,, 
• UNIVERSAL CITY 
I wiMSMPM? The Diamond Store * lllustratins tnlargei 
_______ Park Free W ith Purchase D ow ntow n 

 jiack’s Coliseum Today 12 to 7J 
|_JIEMS SHOWN ARE AT LACK’S COLISEUM WAREHOUSE ONLY .. SAVE! 
8 
Livmc Raton Hear snce 

Contemporary 
Table Group 
We-re overstocked on Living Room! 
One group of tables in contem­ porary style shown or a more traditional set. 
Includes cocktail, and two hexagonal end tables. All 
3 pieces for one low price! 

We-re overstocked on living room furniture at 
Lack's Coliseum . . . and much of the overstock is old stock. Out it goes, today at sacrifice prices, some at or below anything you’ve ever seen! Rush in early today (doors bust open at I 2) and take your pick of some of our best living room buys ever! Great prices too in all other departments! 
Sofa-Loveseat Sets 

O ne group of brand name sofas with matching loveseats in Herculon plaids and tweeds, tie-dyes flame stitch, velvet prints and more. Save! 

One Group of 
Sofas and 
Loveseats 
Just a few of these, but worth the trip! 3 piece matched sets in plaid or striped 
Herculon. Hurry for yours 

Sofa 
£ gta 
| 
Loveseat 
J P f lT f l rn ■ 
Chair 
% 

Reduced now to an all time low for this group. Herculon 
Plaids . . . so easy to keep 
. . . and to live with. 

Assorted 
Styles 
I -of-a-Kinds! 

A large group of sofas, some left from an ex­ clusive special purchase. All worth much more ... as can be immediately seen. In­ cludes Herculon tweeds and plaids, Nylon floral and others. Hurry in ... they are almost all one of a kinds! Assorted styles. 

Velvet Sofas and Loveseats 

Heavy ted or gold chenille velvet sofas with matching loveseats. Massive design, heavily built! Don’t miss this! 

Lamjps! 

A very large group of liv­ ing room tables. I of a kinds, odds and ends, some damaged. Assort­ ed styles and finishes! 

All lamps on our floor reduced today only, to reduce our stock. 
Come see and save! 

Hurry in for best buys! Terms 
Available ... Delivery Included! 
All subject to prior sole! 

Continued from Page IA potatoes and peas w ith the 7 to Kl young terrorists and their hostages. 
“ There are no indications whatso­ ever on what wont on or what was talked about d u rin g the last s i n hours,” Mrs. Faber said. 
Mrs. Soumokii. widow of a Soul Ii 
Molueean guerrilla leader, and Tan. a form er m in ister i i i the self-styled 
South 
Molueean 
“ government - in-exile” had been escorted aboard the train in the early afternoon by three of the gunmen. 
Dinners 
The gunmen ordered two extra din­ ners for the m ediators d u rin g the negotiations. 
I p to ll) gunmen are holding some 55 hostages aboard the train near (K im ­ mell. eight miles north of this small 
Dutch city. Another four te rro rists hold three teachers and a principal at the village school in Bovensmilde. just south of here. 
Th** gunmen in the school, who have not been taking part i i i the negotia­ tions, also held IIH school children but released them la>t week after mane fell ill. 
On Friday Dutch officials and the terrorists accepted Mrs Soumokii and 

Tan as mediators after two days ut telephone negotiations in which each side rejected the other’s nominees. 
Before boarding the tra in , the mediators huddled with government officials at the crisis center in Assen and at a command post near the tram. 
Then they walked .several hundred yards across an open field in view of the tram before the gunmen emerged to escort them aboard. 
Son 
Mrs. Soum okil's 24-year-old son. 
Tommy, is serving a seven-month jail sentence for his part in an abortive attempt to kidnap Queen .Juliana in 
April 1975. He was one of the 21 .jailed 
Molueeans whose release was one of the terrorists' chief demands. 
Dutch sources said tilt' te rro rists have not mentioned that demand for several days, and they are no longer insisting that some of the hostages be flown out of the country with them, 
(ioveminent sources said a few of the 
21 young Molueeans would rather fin ­ ish out their sentences than leave with the terrorists. 
The gunmen are members of an ex­ trem ist wing of the 4o,ooo-member 
South Molueean community that wants tin* Dutch to pressure Indonesia into 

X K I a D ill 

 b o r j > 
4 J r n 

,.. the real story of 
GEORGE B. PARR 

In Duvai County Texas, there is only one industry Politics 
And no one knew how to play the game any better than George B 
Parr. He loved it. and his followers loved to watch him play the game. 
A new book. The Duke of Duval. follows the Parr family in Duval for nearly a hundred years. It captures their magnetic rise to power and stays on the trail to the very end. 
George P arrs death by his own hand 

Hard Bound at SB SO 
Paper Back al SS 9b 

Ask for it at your local bookstore, or 

TEXIAN PRESS 
P O Box 1684 Waco Texas 767o? 
Please Send ">e the toUowmt) i opies < ’ 
THE DUKE OF DUVAL. 
Hard Bound at SH SU ear ti 
Paper Back at SS 95 each 
Above price:? include tax ecstatic X handlm 
NAME____________________________________ 
A DDF! LBS „______________________________ 

 c it y ______ 
Make chec k 
.STATE 

Press 

Milford lashes 
Carter 

DALLAS (AP) - Hep. 
Dale M ilfo rd , D -Tcx., lashed out Saturday at the Carter A d m in istra ­ tion’s decision to deny the sale of 
Texas- produced 
A7 attack planes to Pakistan. 
The aircraft is built by 
LTV s Vought Corp. at its 
(fraud Prairie plant. 
In a statement released by Ins Washington office, 
Milford said the decision appears to have been based on “ a desire to avoid offending the new government iii In d ia .” rather than on the defense needs of P a ki­ stan. 

Milford claimed Texas congressmen were not consulted by the Carter 
A d m in istra tio n before the decision. 

“ I am d e e p ly disturbed by some things this deci­ sion and the way it was made tell me about the 
Carter Adm inistration.” said M ilford. “ It raises 

 i i i me a real fear that foreign policy is being conducted. by whim and by fancy, w it bout due regard for real situations in the real world.’’ 

 granting independence lo their ances­ tral Asian islands in what was fo r­ merly the Dutch Fast Indies. 
Mrs. Soum okil’s husband. C hris, was executed by the Indonesians in 
I HHH for his efforts in behalf of South 
Molueean independence. 
She helped negotiate an end to a 
12-day-long train hijacking by South 
Molueeans in nearby 
Beden in 
December 1975. The current hijacking passed its 12lh day S aturday. 
Barly Saturday, some of the 2,(MIU police and troops surrounding the train were alarmed to see what appeared to 

 tie a cloud of smoke billow ing from the last cur. 

Dr. Dick Mulder, an army psychia­ tris t who tias handled much of the telephone contact with ttie terrorists, telephoned the Molueean leader for an explanation and was told the gunmen were emptying fire extinguishers “ just for fun." 
Iii other developments, officials said those aboard the train include two psychiatric patients who were on their way to a clinic in (iron ingen when the hijacking occurred. 

S o b e r-fa c e d m e d ia to rs Dr. H asson 
Tan and Mrs. Josina Soum okii arrive at the crisis center Sa tu rd a y night after conducting negotiations 

AP WIREPHOTO 
NIXON EXPLAINS 

Continued from Page LA dents have about the same authority as judges to interpret the laws. 
“ Every day,” he writes, “ courts arc required to interpret the written law in light of experience. Presidents have a comparable responsibility.” 
His statement speaks of laws which seem, to a president, to be out of date because they were “ w ritten in other times and for other circumstances." 
Discretion 
But nowhere does he suggest that the remedy for out-dated law is amend­ ment or new legislation by Congress. 
Rather, his thesis is that it is within a president’s discretion to find flexibility in the law that w ill permit hun to pro­ tect the nation. 
Conceding that a president “ is not an autocrat," “ docs not rule by fia t.” and does not have “ unlim ite d pow er,’ ’ 
Nixon then adds: 
"But neither can he be powerless to go beyond the strict letter of existing law — in a limited way, and at times of special need.” 
His two “ guideposts" at such times, the form er president says, may be conflicting: “ the letter of the law and 

 the light of experience.” 
He also comments: “ This is quintes­ sentially an arca in which he must fol­ low the dictates of common sense, re­ cognizing that faithful execution of the laws is not always literal execution of the laws. . . Faithful execution some­ times requires finding ways to adapt the laws to the circum stances at hand.” 
‘Misinterpretations’ 
Nixon offered the statement because, he said, there had been “ widespread m isinterpretations” of his comments on TV May 19. 
It was then that Nixon, asked by- 
Frost why he had authorized wiretap­ ping, burglaries and other illegal ac­ tions against anti-war dissenters, said that a president could make an ille ­ gal action legal merely by ordering it to be done. 
When he made that remark, Nixon says in the new statem ent, “ I was speaking within a very limited context of emergency actions, and I was re­ ferring to that traditional latitude pro­ vided iii dealing with emergencies.” 
Borrowing words from the late C hief 
•Justice Fred M. Vinson, Nixon says 

 that the presidency as he sees it exists in a “ middle ground” between-being an “ autocrat and automaton." 
He also contends that the “ inherent power” of a president is “ necessarily a gray area,” and argues that “ there is no way in which these powers can be codified satisfactorily.” 
‘Faith’ 
Claiming that there arc nearly two centuries of Am erican history sup­ porting his v iew, Nixon said the nation must “ place some faith” in the judg­ ment of its presidents, and must give them “ room for maneuver.’’ 
The statement does not analyze the checks that may exist, constitutional­ ly, upon the use of such discretion by presidents. 
At one point, he does say a president 
“ can and should be held accountable” for the judgments he makes. 
At another point, he says that "the laws serve as a constraint on presi­ dents as they do on all other officials and all other citizens.” 
But the central theme of his argu­ ment is that the Constitution and the laws of tin' country eau only “ protect against substantial abuse.” 

The Effect of Pres. 

Carter’s Energy 

Proposals on the 

Texas Economy 

 and 
YOU 

 discussed by 

Mrs. Irene Wischer 

Executive Vice President 

Panhandle Producing Co. 

 and 

E. I. Ames, Jr. 

President 

Venus Oil Co. 

11 A.M. TODAY 

KMOl-TV 

Channel 4 

H * 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S— -Sunday June 5 I 977 
HOSTAGES OKAY 

SPECIAL INTRODUCTORY OFFER-------- a sieai*i al batteries 

 with m r narchase of ans b a r i ICO Guard Digital 

I troll et! time ofter expires June 3o,1877 

Plush polyester with Super 4® 

 beauty treatment. 
It resists static 

 so things don’t cling; your carpeting 

 stays cleaner longer. 

And you save $3 sq. yd. 

Buy a Bulova LCD Digital from now thru June 3o,1977 and you can forget about battery replacements for five years. 
With your purchase you ll receive— free— our Bulova 5-year Battery Re­ placement Plan certificate. 
Just bring it with you as often as once a year and we ll inspect your watch and replace the old batteries with fresh new ones— without cost. Limited to original set plus four replacement sets of batteries per plan. 

BULOV 

Here is an extraordinary opportunity to treat yourself or someone special to a fine Bulova LCD.. .the watch that keeps time constantly on view. Bright and clear. Is capable of accuracy to within a minute a year. And comes in today's most exciting styles. 
But this offer is only available for a limited time, so please come in and see all our 
Bulova LCD models today. 
Prices start at $89.95. 

Goidtone sbield-sdaped case 
6 functions Night light 
Golden brown dial $89 95 

All stainless steel with goidtone trim 6 digit display 
6 time (unctions Night light 
$175 oo 

Unique ctagon with 
Goidtone bracelet. 
Tells seconds, too 
ST 45.oo 

Liberal Trade-In Allow ance For Your Old W atch 

• Wonderland 

Shopping Center 
• Downtown 
Gunter Hotel 

• Shoppers City 
Mall 

• South Park Mail 
IH-35 at S.W. Military 

Texas Greatesteyelets 

Sale I 3.99 sq. yd. 
Reg. $ 17. Super 4" gives this polyester plush a beauty lift. Dense pile seems to shrug off dirt, so it doesn’t get imbedded 
Carpet stays new looking. It’s heat set for texture maintenance and shape retention, 
15 eye-catching colors. #168o 

2o% off all our 1-inch custom blinds. 

Elegant narrow -slat blinds in a designer collection o f colors. 
Use them alone or teamed with draperies. Have them all-in- one-color, or try combinations. 

Sale prices etfective through Saturday.a c n e 
CVICUIIYC ll ll UL 
JCPenney 

South Park Mall 923-5461 
Windsor Park Mall 654-1 55( 

2o% off all our custom woven woods. 

Crisp uncluttered looks that are perfectly suited to contem porary rooms. Versatile, too; use them as room dividers. Choose from dozens o f colors and com binations. 

Sale price effective through Saturday. 

Custom decorating available at W indsor Pork only 

Saie9.99sq yd. 
Reg. $12. This nylon plush enhances your room settings with its crisp, ever- new appearance thanks to heat-set yarns 
Choose from a dozen colors. #67ooR 
Ssl© I 2.99 sq. yd 
Reg. $17. Lush polyester adds a contemporary flair to your rooms in a dozen vivid multicolors. 
Subtle cut and loop pile is treated to hide soil. #188o 
Sale I 4.99 sq. yd 
Reg. $ 17. A vivid interplay of color creates a strong sense of pattern in this carpet. Multishade plush nylon pile in 16 combinations; heat set for durability and resilience. #93oo 

Expert installation and quality padding included. 

 t 

Dad's diamonds. Mainly, he's the guy who buys the diamonds for other people. But Father's Day's coming up, and maybe this is the year he gets diamonds of his own. With love from you. 
Double-diamond ring in 14 karat yellow gold, $8oo. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone. & 

M arion celeb rates 
SOOtli an n iv ersary 

By BIL!, CUNNINGHAM 
EXPRESS N E W S STATE EDITOR 

MARION — The City of Marion has been iii existence IOO years bul ii probably never held more people than it did Saturday in the celebration of its centennial day. 
The centennial day festivities opened with a parade of more than HO entries. 
This was followed by special cere­ monies in which two U.S. representa­ tives, one state senator, a state representative, the mayor and an ex­ mayor spoke. 
U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger, the principal speaker, said small towns continue to grow' but they cherish the spirit of caring for all their citizens. 
Krueger’s grandfather was Marion’s first mayor, serving from 193$ lo 1949 
“ I have deep roots here. I can re­ member the old roll top desks and picking china berries to throw at pea­ cocks here,” Krueger said. 
He pointed out several times that i i i towns the size of Marion citizens care how their neighbors are and how they progress. 
State Sen. John Traeger said the centennial was one of the finest cele­ brations it has been his pleasure to attend. 
U.S. Hep. Abraham “ Chick” Kazen said he was amazed when he saw thousands of people at the celebration after seeing the city limits sign which listed Marion’s population at HHS. 
“ You arc the people that have made 
America free,” Kazen said. 
Mayor August Pfannstiel said .Mar­ ion was named for the daughter of 
Thomas Wentworth Pierce, who sold the first lots in the township. 
Deivin Weber Jr., master of cere­ monies, said this was the first parade 
Marion in ii years. The city's first rode was in January 1915 and its 
*ond iii April 193H. 

The entry of Leon Valley was judged the most original iii the parade. 
Best in-town entries were: (I) Mild 
Brothers Bondland , ( J) Marion KU*inc 
Waseherei (which means little vvasha* teria) and (3) Helping Hand Hard- wan-. 
Best out-of-town entries were: (I) 
Guadalupe Valley electric (inopera­ tive, (2) LaVernia Chamber of Com­ merce and (3) New Berlin Community 
Development. 
Air show h o n o rs 
Lindbergh 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
PARIS 
— The Paris Air Show honored the late ( buries A Lindbergh on Saturday with wreath-lay mg cer­ emonies at Le Bourget airport, where tilt* American aviator ended his historic transatlantic flight May 21, 
1927. 
His widow, Anne Morrow Lindbergh, told reporters she was deeply moved by the event, commemorating the Shill anniversary of her husband’s solo flight from New York to Paris, 

"I feel it is a very moving experience to find my husband still looked up to,” 
Mrs. Lindbergh said. “ The flight marked an era for all aviation, not just tor my husband.” 

She said “ one of the wonderful things” of her trip here bad been to meet with French aviators who knew her husband. 

News Spelling Bee champ 

STEVE GREER, left, a I 3-year-old Episcopal Middle School student who won the 
News Regional Spelling Bee in May, gets some help packing a few last-minute articles in preparation for his trip to Washington, D.C., Sunday to compete in the national spelling finals. His brother Tom and his mother, Mrs. George T. Greer, 
Saturday made sure he packed his 1977 Word of Champions spelling practice booklet. The all-expense, six-day trip is part the prize Steve earned when he won the News spelling contest. He's in for an exciting week of sight-seeing and more spelling as he competes with 93 other youngsters from all over the country for cash prizes and honors. 

One-of-a-kind Sports Writer. 

Every Day in the Express. 

Get to our great sale of Sankyo 

 movie cameras. 
For Dads with star quality. 

'9 /7 jC P e'iney Co . Inc 

F uneral hom e is wadding site c J 

Hertzberg's 
Fine.Jewelers Since 1878 
V # 
163 E. Houston Street I North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 
Use one of Hertzberg’s convenient charge plans or 
American txpress, Bank American!, Master Charge. 
Mail and Phone Inquiries Invited: (512) 226-9374 I 341-2566 I 634-123o 
Please add sales tax w here applicable plus $2 for postage and handling. 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEW S 
FLO RESVILLE - Tho ceremonies in the Vinyard Funeral Home Chapel here were brighter than usual Satur­ day night — it was a wedding. 
Susan “ Suzie” Vinyard and Navy 
Ens. Nathaniel Frederick Warner wore the first to be married in the chapel, usually reserved for funerals. 
Ens. Warner, 24, is a .January gra­ duate of Texas A&M University, His bride, 2o. studied pre-nursing at A&M for two years. Decorations were mar­ oon and white flowers, the Texas A&M colors. 
Even the bride’s bouquet was mar­ oon and white. 
The ceremony was performed by the 
Rev, Howard Soh att. formerly pastor of the First Baptist Church here. 
After sealing their vows with a kiss, the ensign and his brule went (low ii the 

 aisle to the brave strains of the Aggie 
War Hymn. 
Maid of honor was Miss Lynda Vm- yard. Bridesmaids were .Sherri and 
Barbara Vinyard, Sidney Warner, Jan 
Svoboda and Mary Jane Fowler. 
Groomsmen were Pat Vinyard, Tom 
Hartgrave. Fred Warner, Fred Warner 
Jr., Malcolm Stepp and John Love. 
Tin* flower girl was Debbie Mitchell and ring bearer was Michael Martinez. 
Candle lighters were Phillip Vinyard and Bene -Martinez. 
Ensign and Mrs. Warner will live in 
Corpus Christi. 
George Vinyard. lather of the bride, said this first wedding ceremony to be held in the attractive chapel was so successful there is a chance others will he held there in the future. 
A reception was held at the Vinyard 
.residence. 

Barry Robinson: 
Labor leader Boubel loses re-eieetion fry 

Lots of curl. 
Or lots of color. 
For a little. 
Thats using your head. 

Gimme Curl special, 16.88. Custom conditioners make it your persona! recipe for soft, natural curls. 
Shampoo, cut and styling included. 
Frosting special, 18.88 Flirt with the idea of going blonde. Or add delicate highlights to your natural color. Toner, styling included. 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday only. Charge it. 

The JCPenney Beauty Salon 

South Park Mall 923-5461 
Windsor Park Mall 654-1565 

Now 144.46 

Reg. 169.95. The Sankyo ES25XL movie camera features 2 'k to 1 powerzoom. F/1.2 lens XL low light and aerial image focusing. Lots more. (Batteries not included.) 
Now 169.96 

Reg. 199.95. Sankyo ES4oXL movie camera has 4 to 1 power zoom plus split image focusing. Plus manual override and much more. 
(Batteries not included.) 

For your 

 up-to-the-minute Dad. 
The quartz crystal watch 

Accurate to within a minute a month. 

THROUGH an archw ay of sabers, Ens. and M rs. N a th a n - lei Frederick W arn er march from the a lta r ^ 
5ny( ^ 

B.v JA M E S McCr o r y 

A lung time San Antonio labor leafier 
Saturday was defeated in his bid for re-election to bis post financial secre­ tary and business manager. 
Defeated by more than 4 to I was Boh 
Boubel, financial secretary and busi­ ness manager for Local No. HO of the 
Electricians Union for the past Bl years. 
Boubel was defeated bv Robert 
Moczygemba. the assistant business manager, by a vote of 2H9 to 57. 
A third man in the race. Mike Dunn, received 31 votes. 

Boubel also is a member of the City 
Water Board. 
Other officers of the union elected wen' Carl Weyel, the incumbent pre­ sident; Harry Katz, the incumbent re­ cording secretary, and Ralph F razier, treasurer. 

The union also elected seven members of its executive board. 
The election for vice president of the union went into a runoff between three men. Roger Howard received 126 votes for vice president, while Bill Kretzer and Frank Mateo received IHI voles each. 

Men’s Pencron' quartz watch with day/date feature. Stainless steel case with match­ ing band and silver tone dial. 89.5o 

Men s Seiko quartz watch with day/date feature, has stainless steel case and matching band. Blue dial. $135 

Charge it, or use our convenient time payment plan. 

Men’s Pencron® quartz watch tells the day/ date. Handsome gold tone metal case with matching band and chamgagne colored d,al. $1oo 

Windsor Park 
654-155o 

Now 28o.46 

Reg. 329.95. Sankyo XL4oS sou.d movie camera with XL 4 to 1 power zoom. Features film speeds of 
18 and 24 FPS, plus split image focusing and macro focus capability down to 2 inches. 
(Batteries not included.) 

Now 22o.96 

Reg. 259.95. Sankyo XL25S sound movie camera has XL 2.5 to 1 power zoom, 18 FPS film speed, aerial image focusing, automatic aperture control, and battery check button. Includes monitoring head set, omni-directional microphone and more. (Batteries not included.) 

Now 254.96 

923-5461 
JCPenney 

Reg. 299.95. Sankyo sound movie projector for super 8 and single 8 film. Has 12 volt IOO battt. halgen lamp with mirror reflector. Fully automatic reel-to-ree! threading. Permits either forward or reverse projection. 
Men’s Pencron® quartz watch shows the day/ date. Gold tone metal case, matching band and brown colored dial. $95 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday June 5 1977 

2o% off panel and tier cutains. 

3o% off fashion solids and 
Little checks M 

Save 1.o4 
Ultra Ponte solids. 
Sale 2.45 yd. 

Our "M arseillas" panel 

 curtains are machine 

 washable polyester. 
Reg. 3.49. Ultra Ponte solids sew up easy-care summer fashions. 
Durable pantweight polyester is treated to resist snags, shrug off soil, stay smooth. Easy to wash. no ironing needed. 58/6o" wide. 

 f! 

Charge it. For 

 other great values 

 shop the JCPenney 

 catalog. 

Save 9o® 
Suraline" gabardine 
Sale 2.o9 yd. 
Reg. 2.99. Suraline® texturized polyester gabardine from Klopman sews easy-care sport separates and vacation team-ups. Choose from jewel tones and classic colors; 58/6o" wide 

Save 6o® 
Polyester doubleknit crepe 
Sale 1.39 yd. 

W i i V Z 
7o” x36’ 

Reg. 4.49 

Bright, airy tiers are 

 delicate shadow 

 pattern polyester/rayon 

Reg. 1.99. Double knit polyester crepe with ‘give’ knit right in for easier sewing, beautiful fit and comfort. Make tunics, pants, jackets in summer lights, brights, basics. 58/6o" wide 
Save 42® 
Dan River gingham. 
Sale 97® yd. 
Reg. 1.39. Colorful woven gingham checks give a casual look to summer jumpsuits, coveralls, skirts, and decorator accents. 
No-iron polyester/combed cotton in lots of favorite colors checked with white. 44/45" wide. 
Sale prices effective through Saturday. 

■ ■ 
66"x36 

Reg. 5.49 

Traditional 

 patchwork border 

 tiers feature a white 

 back ground. Easy care 

 polyester/cotton. 

McCreless e 
Northwest e South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

SEAFOOD 

Dress slacks in plain or patterned double knits. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Sunday June 5 I 977_____ * 

Complaint filed on 'rape’ judge 

MADISON. Uis. (A P ) - A slate senator said Saturday he lias filed a complaint with the Wisconsin Judicial 
Commission against a judge who said during a rape case that permissiveness and women’s revealing clothing were to blame for the sexual arousal of some young men. 
The aition by state Sen. Timothy 
Cullen — which could lead to censure but not removal from the bench — came as reaction continued to mount to the remarks b> Dane County Judge 
Archit* Simonson. 
State Rep. David Clarenbaeh said he may initiate impeachment proceed­ ings. A coalition of women's groups said 7.ooo of the required 21.o(1o per­ sons have signed petitions in three days demanding a recall election The city council and county board have passed resolutions condemning the judge and the courthouse has been picketed by placard-carrying women wearing everything from bathrobes and nun’s habits to bikini swimsuits 
Simonson, meanwhile, went on 

 vacation Friday and refused further public comment on the rape case or his remarks. 
However, his attorney. Richard 
Cates of Madison, said the judge has decided to release edited transcripts of the case. Those transcripts will vin­ dicate the judge and head off efforts to remove him from office, said Cates. 
"I think Judge Simonson has a very significant story to tell, and I think the basis for that story lies iii the tran­ scripts,” ( ates said 
He said he did not know when the transcript would be released. 
The judge’s comments were made 
'two weeks ago while hearing a case in which a 15-year-old boy pleaded no contest to the sexual assault of a girl at 
Madison High School. Simonson or­ dered the youth to spend a year under court supervision in Ins parents’ home. 
■‘Should we punish a boy who reacts normally to it?” Simonson said, refer­ ring to what he called the permissive attitude of the Madison community and the sexually stimulating clothing worn by many young women. 

Continued from Page IA 

 bad odors, the Fxpress-Xews was told. 
Often the shrimp is deveined and breaded so it can more easily be dis­ guised. 
The treatment need not be harmful, said Mauermann. “ lf properly chemi­ calized, it won t make you sick, but it will taste rubbery,” he said of the shrimp. 
Hut Mauermann and others iii the 
.shrimp industry were quick to point out that if the reprocessing isn't pro­ perly done, bacteria may remain. So could the harsh chemicals. There could be “ some real sick people, from salmonella poisoning." said Mauer­ mann. 
After treatment the seafood is brought back into the I .S., with much of the traffic between Matamoras and 
Brownsville. 
FDA inspectors at the cities' two bridges have mainly their noses with which to check the shipments for freshness, lf the seafood smells bad. it is rejected, lf it doesn’t smell bad or appear to be spoiled, inspectors have little choice but to allow it into the U.S. 
PDA Inspector Paul Bagdikian ad­ mitted manpower is part of the prob­ lem. The cities have only two UDA inspectors and the bridge inspection points must be left unmanned for more than KHI hours each week, he said. 
Customs Service sources said some­ times shrimp that is only slightly spoiled or looks normal is quickly brought back across tilt' bridge without any Mexican processing at all. 
“ They even bring some of it back in bulk and have Texas processors, who will package it in containers that say 
‘Packaged in the U.S.A.’ ’’ he said. 
One former Customs agent said lie has been told that more than a million 
Industry worries 
Texas shrimpers are worried, and they don't mind saying so. Loudly. 
Manuel Sanchez of Gulf-Tex Co. of 
Brownsville said he and many other legitimate company operators are very concerned about the questionable shrimp. 
It can only hurt the shrimp industry, he thinks. Even if sickness doesn’t result from Puling the treated seafood, he thinks the diminished quality and poorer taste* will hurt the .seafood market in general by putting off those who would otherwise be eating shrimp. 
The sentiment isn’t unanimous in the industry, however. “ These people are not selling a quality product,” said a spokesman for one South Texas company, referring to the treated shrimp. “ People take one bite and they will never buy from that company again.” she said. 

 pounds of shrimp went into and out of 
Mexico under treatment operations last year 
Customs Service officials think they know names of some of the companies and individuals involved in the opera­ tions. Officers are not allowed to reveal the names, however. 
Mauermann. who could say so if In* knew , said tracing the bad shrimp and seafood is nearly impossible. 
"We can't really find out who buys it, once it comes back into Texas it loses its identity,” he said. 
“ It can go any place. The bad shrimp is often mixed into good shrimp and there’s no way of telling where it goes, 
“ Fortunately, the big supermarket buyers are smart enough to keep away from these companies." he said, " lf they find out a company has bad shrimp once, they don’t do business witll that firm any more.” 
Mauermann and other industry sources said the best way to effectively clamp down on tin* shrimp problem is to “ get more I'DA men to really check out the shrimp coming into the country from Mexico. 

M akin g sun* your shrimp is frosh 

How can you tell if the shrimp you 

 buy is really fresh and isn’t a pro­ duct of the Mexican reprocessing operation? 

“ it will taste rubbery and will 

 even feel rubbery, that’s the best way.” said Robert ti. Mauermann, executive director of the Texas 
Shrimp Assn. 

“ ll may even be that a person 

 tastes one shrimp out of a large batch that doesn’t seem quite right.” he said. “ That probably means the bad shrimp has been mixed in with the good. 

“ I don’t think there is any major 

 supermarket chain presently af­ fected by this bad shrimp coming in from Mexico,” he said. 

“ Your chains have such good 

 buyers and if they just got one bad bunch or some bad shrimp, they would never deal with that proces­ sor again,” said Mauermann. 

“ One bite of that shrimp and you 

 will stop eating shrimp," said an­ other man associated with the shrimp industry. “ But we want people to know Texas still has the best shrimp in the world and it’s fresh,” he asserted. 

Sport shirts for Dad. 
Closeout! 
4.99 
Print shirts in an 

 exciting collection 

 for Father's Day. 

1oo% nylon knit in 

 patterns and 

 geometries, too. 

Sizes S,M,L,XL. 

8.99 
Solid color dress slacks in polyester double knit. Shirt-hugging Ban-Rol* waist­ band, flare hemmed bottoms. 
Waist sizes 3o to 42 

9.99 

Patterned dress slacks of polyester double knit. Shirt-hugging Ban-Rol-® waistband, wide belt loops, flare hemmed bottoms. 
Waist sizes 3o to 42. 

Charge it. Use your JCPenney charge card. For other men's 

 fashions, shop The JCPenney 
Catalog. 
JCPenney 

McCreless • Northwest Center • South Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

FOR FATHER’S DAY! 
Fantastic men’s total weight* diamond values! 

Mission R evo lvin g C harge • Mission Custom C harge 
B an kA m ericard • M a s te r C harge 
A m erican Express • Diners Club • C arte Blanco • L a y a w a y 

:m „ MISSION 
,o.3,3o 
»£?», 

 a terrific selection of rings for him; each is filled with more diamonds than he ever dreamed possible. 

I 7- Diamond, Va carat 
7-Diamond, I carat total weight , from total weight , from 
$49o 
$775 

Also available; 7-Diamond, 2 carat total weight , from $1,975. 

All styles are availab le in yellow and white 14 karat gold. 

 r 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
Students parrot birds 

Diana Ray Moses, wearing a powder-blue oriental gotvn and a corsage, slopped lo the microphone and, with a terrible shudder, screeched, “ Ku- u- u- u. a Ca Ca Ca C a!" 
The 17-year-old Brisbane, Australia, exchange student’s ear-tingling performance earned first place in the 14th annual Leonard .I VVaxdeck Bird Calling Contest at Pied­ mont High School in Piedmont, Calif. lier entry was the call of the kookaburra, an Australian bird that is the largest member of the kingfisher family. 
"It feels unbelievably fantastic." the young lady said after being chosen the best of .Ti competitors, defeating would-be penguins, loons, robins and meadow larks. 
They ape-preciale ii 

I sing mouth-to-mouth re­ suscitation and oxygen masks, firem en gave the kiss of life to two monkeys overcome by smoke in a fire in Decatur. Ala., recently. 
A fire department spokes­ man said that when it re­ gained its senses, one mon­ 

 key, apparently realizing he was getting something good, snatched the mask and put it back over his face. 
Authorities said the fire apparently started in a pool room next to the pet shop where the monkeys were kept 

Of bats and bureaucrats 

H anging arom al 

W A IT IN G can be aw fully tedious, but A ledo Johnson, I I, looks at it from a different perspective 
— she whiles a w a y the time before the school bus arrives by hanging upside down on a chapel door at 
St 
Mark s C athedral in Seattle 
— AP W irephoto 

It's no joke when people say there are bats in the belfry of the Maine state house. 
The flying nocturnal crea­ tures have their grip on the capitol, and recently one look its place of honor i i i the governor’s office. 
A small bat was found sleeping on a settee in Gov. 

.lames B. Lo n g ley's se­ cond-floor office. 
A custodian, known as 
‘ Batm an" because lie’s an expert at remov ing the bats. set ii free. 
There have been no a t­ tempts to rid the slate house of the scary creatures. Bat and bureaucrat live and work together in peace. 

Popeye to be 

 landlocked 

The women of Beta 
Sigma Phi are bringing 
Popeye* the Sailor home w here he belongs — lo 
('bester. Ill 

They figure if s the only fitting tribute lo 
Lh ic Segar, a ( ’bester native who invented the feisty cartoon swabbie 

Member’s ol the sor­ ority raised Sill.(MMI to build a Ii-Idol bronze st a nit* of Popeye iii tri­ bute to Ins creator 

Popey e and V\ impy . another cartoon ch a r­ acter, were fashioned after Chester citizens. 

TI Ip Side 

 of the N ew s 

Pincher Pinched 

Achille Saeeone got a year’s su­ spended sentence and probation for pinching Women s bottoms on buses in Vancouver. British Columbia. 
.Judge K e rry Sm ith told the 
29-year-old Saeeone i i i Provincial 
Court Thursday that his behavior was unacceptable but that Ins inde­ cent assault conviction May 12 was 
"at the low cud of tin* scale." 
Police detective Ken .Stewart ar­ rested Saeeone on a bus \pril 25 

 after a number of women com ­ plained that a man who regularly rode the bus reached behind his hack and touched their buttocks. 
"In some respects the offense is out of proportion to your activities, and it may be said that what you were doing on the bus wasn’t that serious," Smith said. But the judge added, -The women were disturbed, upset and insulted by your bcha* v ior." 
Lust for vengeance’ led to Bloch slaving 

LONDON 
(A P ) 
- 
Henry 
Kyem ba, the defect mg 
I ga ndaii health m inister, was quoted in a copy righted slory in Hu* London Sun­ day Times as say mg Do­ ra Bloch vvas murdered after the Israeli rescue raid -it Kntebbe last .Inly to satisfy President Itll 
Amin s "lu st for v cn- geance." 
M is. Bloch, w ho had 
B rit ml) and Israeli ci- 
1 i/eiiships. disappeared from a hospital iii Kam ­ pala. Lganda. after Is ­ raeli commandos re s­ cued passengers of a hijacked Air France jet. 
She had been one of tin* passengers bul became ill and was in the hospital vv lien the Israeli com ­ mandos arrived at K n ­ tebbe airport. 
Last August, lier son 
Bertram told a news conference in London that she was slain by lour persons and that lie knew their names. He added that lie believed they were secret police. 

* B e fo re a n o th e r tiny h a d gassed* Mrs. Uhuh had been m urdered lo satisfy the Presi­ dent's (A m in 's) lust for v en ­ geance 

 back, she would almost certainly have been saved. 
. 
The story of 
Mrs. Bloch's last hours is a terrible one. 
“ Some time between* 
8::»(> and 9 p.m ., two agents from the State 
Research 
Bureau burst through tile double doors and uncerem on­ 

 iously dragged the old lady out of her bed lie r terrible shrieks brought staff running and oilier patients to their doors. 

•No one lilted a linger to help her. Anyone who interfered would have 

 been killed 

“ Still scream ing and struggling. Mrs. Bloch ... was dragged 
.. right through the casualty departm ent. w here pa­ tients were waiting for treatment She cried for them to help her. No one moved 

“ Everyone w as te r­ rified The last they ... saw of M rs Dora Bloch was as the State R e­ se a rc h 
B u read men, heedless of her screams, pushed her through the doors leading to the street. 

'Fat cats’ knocked out by election law 

ASSOCIATED WESS 
WASHINGTON - 
The presidential elections last year cost almost $114 mil­ lion. 
U ncle Sam provided most of it, small donors much of the rest and the 
" f a t e a ts " of form er times were pretty much out of it because of the new election finance laws. 
These are the conclu­ sions from an analysis of 
I DTH presidential cam ­ paign finances released 
Saturday by the Federal 
Election Commission and covering 23 candidates. 
There were 
13 
Democrats who qualified for m atching federal funds in the presidential primaries by first raising 
$1oo,ooo in private con­ tributions consisting of at 
First 
Lady talks arms 

LIM A , Peru (A P ) - 
Rosalyn!! ( arter said Sa­ turday she discussed Pe­ ruvian arms purchases 
^extensively with 
Pre­ sident Francisco Morales 
Berm udez, who has bought large amounts of 
Soviet weapons. 
A m erica's first lady said some important un­ derstandings had been reached but she could not reveal details of Friday’s meeting until she talked with her husband in W a­ shington. 

"Vt <* did discuss a r­ maments in detail," Mrs. 
Carter told a news con­ ference. She said sin* w as 
"very pleased with what hi* (Morales Bermudez) said.” 

Talking with reporters at the International Po­ tato Center in La Molina ll) miles (‘ast of the capi­ tal. 
M rs. 
C arter de­ scribed U .S.-Peruvian relations as a “ close friendship." She said the 
Penn ian leader gave her a copy of the govern­ ment's plan that calls for a return to civilian rule by 19811. "Jim m y would be very interested to road it." sin* said 

Tours complex 

M rs Carter spent 3o minutes touring the 
23o-aere agricultural re­ search complex where she saw guinea pigs, an irrigation project and varieties of Peru’s native potatoes. At one point, she stopped to pick up a fat guinea pig, and thought of her 9-year-old daughter 
Amy. 
"W o u ld n ’t 
Amy like this," she said. 

Killing' 

'I he Sunday Tunes ac­ count. headlined “ The 
Killing ut Dora B lo c h " and published as told to w ru er Russell M I lie r, quotes Kyemba as say­ ing. 
“ I was unwittingly re­ sponsible for the tragic and brutal death of M rs. 
Dora Blurb. (in tin* evcu­ ing of Saturday, July 3, I could hav(* discharged her from Mulago H o sp i­ tal iii Kampala and re­ turned her to join the 1o5 hostages being held by 
Palestinian guerrillas at 
Kntebbe Airport. 
“ Instead, as an act of illfated kindness. 
I decided to let lier spend one last night in the comfort of a bed in Room 
I of Ward Bf5 on the ho­ spital's sixth floor. She was. alter all, 73 years old and the hostages were sleeping on Uh* stone floor of the old airport building. 
"But that was the night of the famous raid on 
Kntebbe by Israeli com­ mandos 
“ Before another day had passed. Mrs. Bloch had been m urdered to satisfy the Presid en t’s 
(A m in ’s) lust for ven ­ geance. 
" If only I had sent her 

White alligator print poromeric 

Fine choice for summer: the plain toe, tunnel strap slip- on of white alligator print poromeric. Called “Mont­ gomery Street ll” , it’s made with the excellence always found in Johnston & 
Murphy shoes ... 7 2 .5 o 

 least $5,ooo in each of 2o states in amounts of no more than $25(1 per don­ or. 
These 13 candidates received a total of $39.H million from all sources. 
The Presidential F le c ­ tion Campaign Fund, financed by the tax­ payers, supplied 37 per cent of it, or 
$14.5 million. 
Only two Republicans qualified for m atching funds in the primaries. 
President Gerald It. Ford and 
Ronald 
Reagan raised 
$28.3 m illio n between them, including 
$9.7 million put up by the 
U.S. treasury. 
Pu b lic and private funds raised by the 15 major party candidates in the primaries totaled 
$o7,887,o24. the UEC said. 

I i i a marked departure from past practice, 51.3 

 per cent of the money raised by m ajor party p res i d e n t i a I candidates from private sources was 
.given by donors of SIHI) or less. 

At the other end of the scale was the mere I per cent of 
Republican prim ary money con­ tributed from non-party political committees, ther so-called special interest groups. The Democratic receipts from these groups totaled only 2 per­ cent. 

New aspects 

These new aspects of campaign financing re­ flect the past-Watergate election reform laws which prohibit a donor from giving more than 
SUMM) to a presidential candidate. 
Although 

 n on -party e o m ini tt e e s could give up to $5,IMM) each, few did. 

Po litica l finance ex­ perts also attribute the change to the publicity spotlight put on pre­ sidential races by 
Watergate and other 1972 election scandals. They 

 say the com bination drove the speeial-interest money out of presidential elections and into con­ gressional races. 

It has been estimated that such groups gave more than $22 million to congressional candidates last year, almost double their 1974 total. 

HELOTES A R T GUILD 

“ REMEMBER D A D ’’ 
First Sunday Show 
TODAY 
I P.M 
5 P.M . 
9 mi. from Loop 4 1 o on Bandera Rd. 

13218 BANDERA RD. 
HELOTES, TX. 
695-9141 

Johnston 
& Murphy 

Frank Bros 

C h ristia n D i o r 

 blazer b y H a r t 

S c il aff lier & M arx 

I tis! the ticket to take von through 

 great summer times ahead in 
Cg line fashion. I bis I )ior 

 blazer shows Kuropean 

 styling in its cut, in lapel 

 and pocket treatm ent. 

The fabric is a cool, 

 wrinkle-shedding 

 blend of 6or < Dacron' 

 polyester and 55( a 

 wool with that special 

 look ol linen. 

Signature buttons, 

 center vent. I adored 

 in U .S.A . 

1 6 5 .o o 

On A lam o P la za — Central Park M a ll— W indsor Park M all 

Frank Bros. 

O n A lam o P la z a — Central Park M a ll— W indsor Park M all 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

W ASHINGTON - 
R u s s e ll 
Bi ll iu Long paced the floor in the Senate, his expressive face showing pain at the injustice of it all. Take away the tax benefits for business from the bill, he said, and “ it would do nothing, just zero, zilch, for those poor souls who are out of work in this country.’* 

The senior senator from Louisiana is not given to rh eto ric al u n d e r s ta te ­ ment. But as chairman of the Senate 
Finance Committee, he is one of the two m en in C o n g ress w hose id e a s about taxes m atter most to the millions who contribute to the Internal Revenue 
Service: The other is his counterpart in the House. Rep. A! Cl I man of Oregon. 
Both are Democrats, both generally 

 sions often are the scene of some of the most intense lobbying on Capitol Hill 
And when the Senate and House bills differ widely, th e conference sessions can become tests of strength between the two chairmen. 
The Constitution re q u ires that tax bills start in the House. Two years ago. the Senate took the H ouse bill anc) tacked on a long list am endm ents, in­ cluding some pot ideas of the chairm an of the Finance Committee 
Mills 
For years. Wilbur Mills chaired the 
House Ways and M eans C o m m ittee and dominated conference committee* sessions. But after decades as one of the truly powerful men in Congress. 
Mills got to know the bottle and a stripper named Carnie Cove. 
Suddenly. Ullman was chairm an of 
Wacs and Means. Ile bad been No 'J. 

 a Louisiana bayou is from the arid , rugged country of eastern Oregon. Bul from time to time this year, they will sit across a conference table from each other in a crowded room in the Capitol and d eterm in e the fate of m uch of 
P resid en t C a r t e r ’s le g is la tiv e p ro ­ gram. 
Whether Carter wants to tax A m er­ icans into sm aller ears, or change the welfare system or rewrite the income tax laws. a m ajor portion of bis pro­ gram will fall under the jurisdiction of the com mittees headed by Long and 
Ullman. 
Not only will their two com m ittees do the major work of redrafting legis­ lative proposals sent to Congress by the White House, but after the House and Senate ba\e aided. Long and Ull­ m an will lead the d eleg a tio n s that must work out differences between the bills passed by the two bodies. 
T hese conference c o m m itte e s e s ­ 

 support President Carter, and jointly they steered the recent $34 billion (ax cut through Congress. Still, they don’t always see eye to eye, and som etim es when they espouse the sam e end they differ on the means. 
When P resident C a rter w an ted to drop a special b u sin e ss tax c re d it along w ith the $3o income tax rebate lie originally asked for. Long opposed it while Ulitwin favored elim inating the credit. It was dropped from the final hill. 
And when UUman favored lax in ­ centives to small businesses to create m ore jobs. Long arg u ed for g iv in g them lo l|irge corporations because, he said, this, would provide more jobs. 
Long |ikes to think of himself as an arm-waving, hell-raising, populist i i i the style of his father. Huey Long. But 
Russell Long is a populist with a m il­ lion-dollar trust fund and oil royalties. 
Long and Ullman are as different as 

REP. AL ULLMAN thinks the days of the all-powerful 
House chairmen are qone 

W ear our H aggar Expand-o-matic® slacks for one week, and if you're not satisfied, Joske's will give you your money back! 

We know you'll feel total comfort in our Expand-o-matic® slacks from Haggar . .. so we guarantee them! (If you're not satisfied after wearing Expand-o-matics^ for one week, return them with your sales receipt and we ll refund your money.) Expand-o-matics slacks feature a three-inch waistband that bends and stretches with you. Just right for your active lifestyle, they're of washable and dryable polyester in versatile navy, black, medium gray, beige, light blue, brown, and chocolate solids; plaids or houndstooth checks. Men's Slacks, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las 
Palmas, Austin. Charge it! 
^ 

Sketched below, a detail of the 
Expand-o-matic® stretch waist­ band. 

SBS 

His medical training makes him responsive to 
People's needs. 

M A UNIT o r ALLIED STORES 

V 
/ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—- Sunday June r n 
• i •TI 
I heir mils. 

Continued from Page IB hut the way Mills ran the committee, being No. 2 wasn't much different than being No. 25. 
Ju st before the conference com m it­ tee was to begin work on the House and 
Senate versions of the 1975 tax bill, 
Uliman was interviewed on national television. He was asked about all those Senate amendments. 
“ We think many of the amendments cannot be justified. We think there is a real danger in being irresponsible here and doing the things that might lead to an inflationary spiral. So, many of the 
Senate amendments will be cut back” 
Plain talk. It was challen ge that 
Russell Long was prepared to accept. 
And what emerged from the confer­ ence committee looked a lot more like the Senate bill than the House version. 
Ullman learned fast, and most ob­ servers felt that the House version prevailed in the conference on the 1978 tax bill. 
And there’s less plain, tough talk. 

“ I like to work with Senator Long,” says Ullman. “ He doesn't go into con­ ference to make you look bad.” 
“ The world would be a great place if everyone was like Al Ullman and my wife,” says Long. 
The senator was relaxing in one of those hideaway offices in the Capitol that are reserved for the most senior and most powerful m em bers. Huey 
Long’s picture is on a wall. The son now looks like an older version of his father. Huey was lean and had dark, curly hair. Russell, who was elected to the Senate at age 3o, is 58. His once dark, curly hair is thin and gray and he’s put on some weight. 
Huey Long had been in the Senate only four years when he was shot to death in the state capitol building in 
Baton Rouge. His widow succeeded him, which m akes Russell the only senator whose fath er and m o th er preceded him in the Senate. 
As a boy, did R ussell Long ever dream of bein g anything but a 

 j r t r n I Save 2o% on fine china and crystal! 

Ii .Ll Save 33!/3% on Towle sterling flatware! 

■ Special value on silver holloware! 

Save 2o% on 5-pc. place settings of Royal Doulton fine bone china 
64 OO Carlyle, reg. 8o.oo 

Examples of savings: 
Arcadia, reg. 42.5o now 34.oo 
Venetia, reg. 55.oo ..........................................now 44.oo 
Amersham, reg. 4o.oo 
................................... now 32.oo 
Ravenswood, reg. 45.oo now 36.oo 
Sarabande, reg. 45.oo ................................... now 36.oo 

For a limited time you can save 2o% on 5-pc. place settings of all current active patterns of Royal Doulton bone china. Each place setting includes I each: dinner, salad and bread & butter plate, cup and saucer. Patterns and pieces not in stock may be special ordered at sale price. 

China, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

For a limited time, save 2o% on 
Franciscan Masterpiece Crystal 
12 

2o per stem, Elyse, reg. 15.25 

Examples of savings: 
Palais Versailles, reg. 3o.oo. . . 
Westchester (gold), reg. 18.5o . 
Melrose (gold), reg. 19.oo........ 
Encanto (platinum), reg. 13.5o. 
Chardonnay, reg. 15.5o.......... 

 now 24.oo per stem now 14.8o per stem now 15.2o per stem now 1o.8o per stem now 12.4o per stem 

All current active patterns of elegant Franciscan Masterpiece crystal are on sale at 2o% savings. Franciscan manufactures hand- cut crystal with high lead content. Select yours now and save. Pat­ terns and pieces not in stock may be special ordered at sale price. 
Glassware, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

Beaded antique silverplated holloware by Towle Silversmiths 

Bon Bon 
......................... 1o,95 Chip and dip .................. 24.95 
Lg. centerpiece compote 29.95 Centerpiece .......................22.95 
Small compote 
................18.95 Wine coaster ..................... 14.95 
Sauce bowl ................... 19.95 Service tray .................... 19.95 

SPECIAL PURCHASE! OLYMPIC CASSEROLES 
11/2 q(............................................................................................. 29,95 
2 q ‘............................................................................................... 34.95 
............................................................................................... 44.95 

Save 1/3! Towle sterling flatware 
For a limited time you can save 1/3 on all open stock Towle sterl­ ing flatware. Choose from 22 current active patterns. Patterns and pieces not in stock may be special ordered at sale price. 

ALSO, TRADE IN THAT OLD STERLING PATTERN you never have liked and receive 5o% off a new Towle sterling flatware pattern. 
Active patterns only. Silver, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 
OUR BRIDAL REGISTRY gives you assistance in selecting your china, silver and crystal and helps you make your gift selection for your friends and relatives. 

1977 our taxes 

 politician? 
“ I never thought of myself as being a senator or even a governor in my father s day. He was a very dominant personality and a dominant personality tends to make the children recessive. I stam m ered. I still perhaps have a 
I race of it. 

“ My ambition in my father’s life­ time was to be the son of the president. 
I thought he would be the President of the United States some day. I thought he’d be the greatest president of all time.” 

Long and U llm an will face off several times this year in conferences to resolve differences between House arid Senate versions of the tax provi­ sions of Carter’s energy program. The 
President’s proposal for higher g a ­ soline taxes as a means of discourag­ ing consumption is an idea that was offered two years ago by Ullman. It was defeated 

Ullman agrees with Carter that the time has come to close tax loopholes that benefit the rich 
‘ ‘The mood is for a m a jo r breakthrough in tax reform.” he says. 
Tax reform was a m ajor issue in 
Carter’s presidential cam paign. The weekend before the election he spoke in New Orleans and told the crowd he would fight to close the loopholes. Long was on the platform. 
“ He said some nice things about me, didn’t he?” the senator recalled. Non­ etheless the C arter speech sounded more like a recitation of the proposals the Senate rejected on Long’s advice. 
But Long believes Congress should declare a national objective that “ no one in this land will be poor.” He’d . share the wealth through em ploye stock ownership, pension plans and profit sharing. 
“ The average worker would have an estate of his own,” he says. "He'd be able to leave something to his children after the Good Lord calls him home.” 
SEN. RUSSELL LONG holds sw ay over President Carter’s tax l e g i s l a t i o n 
____________________ 

 migrating birds navigate? It’s unknown 
ASSOCI*no mss 
ITHACA. WY. - 
B lur th e ir vision, e li m i n a te l a n d ­ marks, remove their p e e rs , play tric k s with time, light and sound. 
S c ie n tis ts have done all of these things and more and still don't know how birds find their way in the world. 
As surely as the swal­ lows return each year to 
Capistrano, researchers return from the field with fresh data and new theories. But clues have become so numerous says one authority, Prof. 
William T. Keeton of 
Cornell University, that 
“ in some ways we are more confused than ever. 
“ Obviously we must have a better u n d e r ­ standing of the b i r d s ’ sensory world." 
After a period of frus­ tration, scientists have made impressive pro- j gress in the past six or ! seven years and are far I past the stage where 
“ instinct” is the accep­ table explanation for bird behavior. 
Part of the problem in understanding how birds find paths across path­ less skies is that they do not see, hear or feel things in the way that we do. Also, understanding avian navigation depends on combinations of fac­ tors that vary with weather conditions, the I season, the species and the ages of birds, and the experience of individuals among them. 
This complexity, says 
Dr. Keeton, discouraged j investigators because their observations failed I to yield uniform results. 
But once again, new theories are evolving from renewed scientific efforts. 

 i n f r a s o u n d ’ 
Just this spring, Cor- I ne 11 researchers reported that caged pigeons — the guinea pigs of the avian | behavior laboratories — can sense “ infrasound" caused by vibrations that human ears can’t detect. 
Such sounds may travel thousands of miles with­ out fading. Thus it might be possible for a bird to orient itself by the roar of some remote volcano, the rumble of far off heavy machinery, or the surge of surf. 
E xperim ents now in I the works may clear up 
J the question of whether I birds use such sound. 
Another promising lead came recently from j i 
Prof. Donald Griffin of I ' 
Rockefeller University. 
He analyzed reports from j balloonists and found j that ordinary sound pen- i etrates the silent skies I ! more certainly than it h spreads along the j ground Roger Pasquier of the American Museum t of Natural History says this might help a night 
’ flyer to find marshes by j j the croaking of frogs, or j seashores by the pound- 
I ingofsurf. But again it is 
I not known whether birds jj use these clues br J whether they are wiped M out by background ! i noises. i 
There is a possibility 
* that birds have a super I sense of smell to guide |i> them to their breeding ll grounds, just as salmon j j follow their noses back to 
I the stream s of their j birth. Prof. Floriano 
I 
Papi of the University of j 
Pisa will discuss this 
I theory here this summer 
I with American scientists 
I who have been unable to i duplicate his findings 
I with similar exper- 
I intents. j 
Another recent 
I breakthrough, by Cornell 
I scientists again, is I evidence that birds, like 
I bees, detect polarized j light, enabling them to I orient themselves by the 
I sun even on partially overcast days. 
\ 
The fact that birds at j times do get their bear­ ings by the sun was es- I tablished long ago by a 
I 
German, 
Gustav 
I 
Kramer. He noted that j starlings, when migra- 
I tory madness hit them. 
* clustered in a sunny cage j according to the direction 
I they would have flown if I free. They then changed 
J their postures when the 
J sun’s rays were deflected j by mirrors. j 
Carrying the idea a I step further. 
E.G.F. 
I 
Sauer showed that white I throat warblers, caged in J a European planetarium, 
I were guided by the I changing position of the 
I stars at migration time. I 
This was im portant I because most small birds I migrate at night. 
And Dr. Keeton and his I associate, Dr. Melvin 
I 

 poses that they have physical equivalents for mechanical instruments used by men to guide planes and ships across land and sea. 
That is not all Long ago the theory was proposed that birds are affected by the e a rth ’s magnetism. Although it 

Kreithen. report that birds are so sensitive to barometric pressure that they can tell the differ­ ence between that at the floor and the ceiling of a room. 
All of this points to the conviction that birds use an array of clues in mi­ gration. And it presup- 

 tablished that birds use magnetism as a fallback navigation system when they can't use the sun. 

People once thought that keen vision helped birds find their way by flying from one known 
Others thought that landmark to another. birds traced ancestral 
That’s the way homing routes by following their pigeons seem to do it. parents. That’s the way 

But the golden plover, spanning thousands of miles from Alaska to 
Hawaii and New Zealand, is helped by no la n d ­ mark 

 this year. Dr. Ronald E. 
Larkin of Rockefeller 
University reported that birds are sensitive to magnetic fields — such as the one that might be set up by the Navy’s seafarer project in Wis­ consin to transmit radio messages. Dr. Keeton says it is pretty well es- 

Seientists remain puzzled geese seem to do it Bul not. for instance, the cowbirds which are raised by foster parents of other species, or bv the shorebird called a knot which waits until i t s elders have departed before beginning i t s journey from the Arctic to South America. 

 appeared they were dis­ tracted on occasion by radio transmission, the theory lost adherents. 
About a decade ago, however, Dr. Wolfgang 
Wiltschko of Germany began a series of reports 

 that migrating birds are affected by weak magne­ tic fields. Dr. Keeton found that pigeons were affected in like manner, and Dr. William South­ ern got similar results in 
Illinois with gulls. Only 

31 
, r a 'o O p 'e 'S ne°d6 other pe°P 

DAD-O-LOUNGERS! 

 id A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday June 5 1977 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
S u n d a y June 5 I 9 7 7 
Santos thinks opportunity is the key to success 

The quality of crim inal prose­ cution in B exar County fre ­ quently depends upon the work of the county’s m edical detec­ tive, Dr. Ruben C. Santos. 

Santos has been the chief m edical examiner since 1968. But as long as he can remember he has known he would be a doctor. His father was a pharma­ cist. An uncle was a pediatrician and a medical school director. 
At the age of 4 he could read and write and knew' the different types of medicines in the fam ily drug store, 
“Farmacia Monterrey.” The 23 years of development and growth in a m edi­ cal atmosphere has m ade Santos one of the top p ath o lo g ists in the U nited 
States. 
He became chief medical exam iner for the county after serving as acting chief medical examiner for five years. 
When Bexar County named him to his present position the county did not only get the first, and perhaps the only 

Dedication 
R e w a rd e d 

Veronica Salazar 

 c ~ 
~ 
. 

Mexiean-American medical examiner in the United States, but it also got one of only a few practicing forensic pathologists in the country. He is also director of the R egional Crim e Lab covering eight counties. 
Forensic pathology is an extrem ely specialized and highly scientific field. 
It is the practice of discovering cause of death for the purpose of legal evidence. 
The native of M onterrey, M exico, was born on Nov. 26, 1932. He is the second oldest of three children. His 

AT JOSHE S 

DOWNTOWN 
NORTH STAR 
LAS PALMAS 
WINDSOR PARK 

SAVE 3o% AND MORE! 
SALE! WOMEN’S 
SUMMER SANDALS, 
CASUAL WALKERS! 

WE SHOW JUST THREE OE THE MANY 
STYLES ON SALE! HURRY TO SELECT! 

Xa,----«.— I——-- 

SAVE 4.o1 ON LOW-HEEL WALKERS! 

Grig. 13.oo. Soft two-eyelet tie with cool perforated uppers, stitched flex­ ible sole. Shiny white, red or black in 5-9M, not all sizes in all colors. a 
- 

SAVE 4.o1 ON SOFT SHINY PUMPS! 

O rig . 13.oo. Classic casual pump with walking heel, knit lining, stitched sole. Shiny crinkle in red, white or black in broken sizes. 
I " 

SAVE 5.o1 ON FASHION SANDALS! 

Orig. 15.oo Dressy mid-heel slings with a bit of platform and gold-tone ornament. Black or camel in a good size selection. Hurry to select! 
9 " 

OTHER CASUALS, INCLUDING NATURALS 
Assorted styles, colors, orig. 13.oo, now ..................... 7.97 

BUDGET SHOES, ALL STORES 
SORRY, NO MAIL OR PHONE ORDERS 

SHOP ALL JOSKE’S MONDAY 1o-9! CHARGE IT! 

 father never had luxuries but earned enough to help the family. Santos says the only thing his father ever told them he would leave his children was an education. 
At the age of 18 Santos entered m e­ dical school in his native city of Mon­ terrey, Mexico. 
In this third year of medical school 
Santos became a teaching assistant in histology and microbology, making $1o to $15 a week by giving classes two times a week at the medical school and tho dental school. 
In 1954, he was graduated from the medical school of Universidad de Nue­ vo Leon. In 1955 he interned at Hospital 
U niversitario in M onterrey. A year later he carne to the United States, where he did his rotating internship at 
St. Joseph Hospital, Parkersburg, W. 
Residency 
In 1957 he did his surgical residency at Beckley Hospital, Beckley, W. Va., and between 1958 and 1961 he was a resident in anatom ic pathology and clinical pathology in Rockford, 111. 
For two years he was an instructor of parasitology and hematology at the paramedical school and nursing school in Rockford. 
In 1961 he cam e to San Antonio where he did another year of residency in clinical pathology at Baptist Me­ morial Hospital. He was also an ana­ tomy instructor at the param edical schooLan nursing school at the Baptist. 
In 1962 the local medical examiner 

( r O t C L gripe? 
Flash it! 

 w as look in g for help and he ap­ proached Santos, who was ready be­ cause he always wanted to learn more. 
That year he became assistant Bexar 
County m edical exam iner and also became an American citizen. 
After a year on the job Santos was 
“ acting ch ief” because the m edical examiner had left the position. Santos was to remain acting chief until so­ meone was recruited from the outside. 
But this went on for five years until he was named chief medical examiner in 
1968. 
. . . 
Consulting 
Since 1969 he has been serving as consulting instructor in the pathology department at Wilford Hall Air Force 
H ospital, and as a sso cia te clin ica l professor, pathology department, Uni­ versity of Texas Medical School at San 
Antonio. 
When he started as assistant medical examiner he was in a four-room office. 
After 13 years he was moved to the 
Robert 
Green 
Hospital 
Annex 
Building. He started with a staff of five and now has 13, including IO deputy medical examiners. 
Santos sa y s m ore m ed ical e x ­ aminers are needed to give service to certain regions within the state. Ap­ proximately 1,3oo cases are investi­ gated annually and 5oo autopsies are performed. The m edical exam iner investigates about 35o alleged rapes a year and between 1o.ooo and 15,ooo lab analyses of various natures are per­ formed. 

RUBEN C . SANTOS 

Dr. Santos was instrumental is es­ tablishing the crime lab in the states of 
Coahuila, Tamaulipas and Puebla in 
Mexico. He did this by travelling there to lecture and explain the post and its benefits. 
Education 
Santos puts a lot of em phasis in education but he says the key to suc­ cess is opportunity. He says one learns; from his neighbor. “ Many have made 

 it by being self-made individuals but education is the basis of progressing,” he says. 
_ 
Santos is a m em ber of the Bexar 
County Medical Society, Texas Medical 
Society, American Society of Clinical 
P ath ologists, A m erican C ollege of 
P athologists, A.O. Severance Histo- pathology Society and American Aca­ demy of Forensic Scientists. 
He is married to the former Doris 
Ohlinger,and they have five children. 

LOS ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 
Things have reached the point in bumper stickers where you can tell an awful lot about people in cars; or, to put it another way, people can tell you an awful lot about them selves. 

T hey can tell you w here they have sen t their children to cam p, where they go to college, w here th ey’ve been on vacation, whether they believe in God, whether they like anim als, what their ethnic origins are, and whether they are 
D em ocrats or R epubli­ can s, am ong a lot of other things that you may or may not want to know. 
The need 
O bviously, they are fulfilling a need to com ­ m unicate in an age of massive anonymity. Citi­ zens Band radio is ful­ filling a sim ilar need — in addition to providing a kind of talk show with a cap tiv e, unseen au ­ dience. 
Then there are the T- sh irts w hich bear an endless variety of m es­ sages: the buttons—sm ile buttons and cam paign buttons and buttons that d eliv er m yriad other ideas; and even the homemade banners that fans like to wave at TV cameras at sports events. 
Now', along com es an­ other m eans for every­ body to say hello to each other. It is less co stly than a CB radio and more m obile than a bum per sticker. I fs called “The 
Flasher,” and according to its m erchandisers, it originated in California where else? 
The Flasher consists of a dozen recta n g u la r card s, about a foot in size. On the front and back of each one, a m es­ sage is printed in bold black letters. The m es­ sages range from a sim ­ ple “ Thank Y ou” to a vulgar “ Sit On It,” cour­ tesy of the Fonz. 
David M archese, who heads the ad agency that is promoting the cards, says the kit was designed mainly for people to use 

But if s cheap­ er to m ak e your own 

 in cars, although it is al­ so popular in b each es and at bars. The sign s 
“ allow you to exp ress love, hate, lon gin g, laughter. Tell som eone off; find a lover; berate a bystander.” 
Come-on 
Say you are d rivin g along and you see an at­ tractive person of the op­ posite sex. Flash the card that says: “ Your Place or 
Mine?” and watch what happens. If the other person has a set of 
F lash ers, the response would be anything from 
“Yeehh!” to “Would You 
Like 
My 
Phone 

T hey’re clean­ e r than hand 

 s i g n a l s 

Number?” 
If it’s your lucky day, the response m ight be 
“Follow Me.” Of course, if the person of the oppo­ site sex doesn t have a set of F lashers and hasn’t heard of them, you may simply be deemed crazy. 
Or, to take a different sort of exam ple, say a 
Volkswagen driver cuts you off. lf you want to be sarcastic and convey a sen se of su p eriority, flash: “ N ice M ove.” If you want to show anger, flash: “ You Turkey.” If you are feeling subtle, flash: “ I Don’t Love You 
Any More.” 
The F lash er gu id e, which gives instructions on how to use the cards, counsels: “ You are auto­ m atically in control of situations that form erly would have left you fum­ ing. 
A ssu m in g, of course, that the target of the flash d o esn ’t take umbrage and punch you in the nose.” 
As can be seen , the m essages are not parti­ cularly original and are m ore functional than witty, but they are calcu­ lated to g iv e people a feeling of prowess in the gam e of one-up-manship. 
You, too, can become a m aster of the put-down and at the sam e tim e project an image of being humorous, a good sport, and even a good loser — 
“ Win a F ew , Lose a 
Few ,” as you might flash to som eon e who snubs you. And two blank cards have been enclosed for cu sto m ers who m ight want to write their own remarks. 
The 
F lash er k its, which sell for $4, have been test-marketed in 12 sta tes, M archese said , and the resp on se has been encouraging. So far, he said, about 12,ooo have been sold. 
T here is nothing to prevent anyone from m aking flashers out of the cardboard that com es with shirts returned from the laundry, but M ar­ chese said he didn’t think that it was too likely to happen. 
The Flasher, he said, is sim ilar in appeal to the 
Pet Rock,' which enjoyed a vogue a w hile back. 

The idea for the 
Flashers belongs to a Los 
Angeles couple, Michael 
Brown, an airplane d e­ signer, and his wife, Lee. 
They took it to Marchese, who research ed and packaged it. 

NOW! Yrn Can Play 

 fwo Chordes to Wirt Cash! J 

Just Keep the Sunday Express-News TV N O W and SAN ANTONIO 
STA R Magazines 
All Week and look for Winning Numbers 
Moriday-Fridoy in the San Antonio Express and The News! 
You Can Win Cash lf the Number on 
Your Magazine Matches A Punished Winning Number! 

T H I N E R # 
SAN ANTONI# 

• 
S T A R . ^ J r ’ 
CASH-O-RAMA 

Winning numbers pick­ ed of random by a computer appear doily in fore San Antonio 
Express starting Monday. lf the personal lucky num­ ber on your TV N O W mag­ azine matches perfectly one of the numbers printed, you’ll win the amount of cash designated! 

UP TO $1,75o CASH 
OFFERED EACH WEEK! 

SAN ANTONIO 

CASHrO-RAMA 

Winning numbers chosen by computer 
I J appear daily in The 
News storting Monday, lf the number on 
YOUR 
SAN ANTONIO STAR mat- 
" ches one of the numbers published m The News ex­ actly, you’ll win the amount of cosh designated! 

And look Jot TWO $?.«!<* BONUS 
HUM8H8 in ♦he Sunday Express-News 
Every Sunday! 

Keep TV N O W and the SA N A N T O N IO STAR ALL WEEK 
- Next Sunday’s Bonus Numbers will be from the TV N O W 
AND SA N ANTONIO STAR! Magazines dated May 29th! 

PLUS UP TO *5oo IN SUBSCRIBER BONUSES! 
TV NOW lf you win the TV NOW $1,ooo 
*1 OOO D A ly l i e Bonus Number and youre a 
, 
U v H U ) present subscriber to both 
NUMBER the daily Express and The News, you’ll receive an ADDITIONAL $25o IN CASH! lf you win the big prize,and you’re a present subscriber to one doily paper, you’ll receive an EXTRA $125 CASH! 
Call 225-7411 

SAN ANTONIO lf you win the SAN ANTONIO 
STAR *1 OOO STAR 51/ooo BoNUS NUMBER and 
* you’re a present subscriber 
BONUS NUMBER to both of the daily papers, you’ll receive AN EXTRA $25o IN CASH! lf you win the big Star prize, and you are a present subscriber to one of the daily papers, you’ll receive an EXTRA $125 CASH! 
Monday-Friday_____________________ 

GUERLAIN 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— 
Sunday June 5 1977 
Roots’ old hat to Boston 

ASSOCIATED m s s 
BOSTON 
- a large oil painting in the M a s s a c h u s e t t s 
House sh o w s P u r i ­ tans s te p p in g onto the New W orld in 
163o. T h o u g h they didn’t know it then, these n o -n o n se n se fellows were about to found the capital of 
A m e ric an a n c esto r worship. 
D escendants of the gray, forbidding men in that picture now are of­ ficers of Boston g en ­ ealogical clubs. 
Alex Haley’s “ Roots” 
' may have kindled curio­ sity about an cestral origins in the rest of 
America, but in Boston the fad has long been a certified Brahmin insti­ tution. 
Says Jam es Bell of the 
New England Historical 
Genealogical Society: 
“ Haley’s certainly cap­ tured for a popular audience w hat it ’s all about. He’s focused on what for us has been a persistent and continuing interest.” 
“ M assachu setts has always been interested in genealogy',” says Corinne 
A. Hall, historian general of the Society of M ay­ flower D escendants of 
Plym outh. “ We have more members here than anywhere else. But since 
•Roots’ came out and the bicentennial, we’ve had more inquiries than ever before.” 
Having a carefully documented family chart is as much a symbol of m em bership in Boston society as old money and new sailboats. 
Amory 
“ Every Boston family has a person who is its recognized genealogist,” says Cleveland Amory, a long-time observer of life among the upper crust. 
“ These families make it perfectly clear they go back a long way. At its best, it’s a feeling of family solidarity. At its worst, it’s unpardonable pride and snobbishness.” 
Long ago, Boston was ripe for ancestor envy, and the reasons run back to its origins. 
Most im portant is its solid core of stout, Yan­ kee families that fade to the 
Revolution and beyond. If they are cur­ ious about whether their forefathers were preachers or privateers, the courthouses and li­ braries around Boston have one of the nation’s largest stockpiles of gen­ ealogical records. 
Looking up ancestors has long been a worthy pasttime to the mind of old Boston. More osten­ tatious ways of spending money — like putting it into long, flashy cars — are considered vulgar. 
But genealogical r e ­ search, with its sheen of scholarship, is quiet and polite. 
The city itself is clut­ tered with land m arks, places like Old North 

 tors have done.” he said. 
“ My parents, grandpar­ ents and great grandpar­ ents all trace back to 
163o. It becomes an in­ tellectual gam e. I can point out a great many people w ho are motivated 

 the groups were founded late in the last century, the number of members has varied little. But the fervor of the people who belong runs the gamut. 
There are, for e x a m ­ ple, the descendants of 

Church, Boston Common and Faneuil Hall. They are re m in d e rs that families, too, have his­ tories. 
And although many powerful Bostonians now are new com ers with 

Edna Townsend, 69. of 
Middleboro, has been hunting ancestors for a living since 195o. She says that tracing a family tree back to the Revolu­ tion costs her clients from $2oo to several thousand dollars, depending on the obscur­ ity of the roots. 

“ A lot of people want to establish Revolutionary an cestry ,” she says. 
“ T h ere’s som e social pomposity involved. 
They like to be able to pipe up and say to ac ­ quaintances that they are related to Paul Revere. 
But for most of my clients, it’s a natural cu­ riosity.” 

Finding ancestors for pay can be a delicate matter. Some people are 

 insulted at the hint of scandal in the family tree. 

' ‘I pick and choose my c lie n ts,” she says. 
“They’ve got to be ready to take a shotgun m a r­ riage or a horse thief.” 
Another professional. 
Robert C. Anderson, says that until 25 years ago 
Boston was the only place in the country where there was any serious genealogical work. 
Now it sh a re s this prominence with the Na­ tional 
A rchives in 
W ashington and the 
Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-day Saints, the 
Mormons. 
In Boston, Anderson says, this interest can be traced to the creed of the original Puritans. 

Otherwise p ro p er Bostonians go nuts over their ancestors 

 roots in Ireland and Italy, the old Yankee families who once ran everything still have their oasts. 
“ So m any of us are descended from the original founding families,” said F reder­ ick M. Kimball, a Boston lawyer. “ We’re all IO or ll generations in direct decent from our founding ancestors.” 
K im ball’s ancestors were passengers on the 
A rabella, the ship of 
Boston founders pictured in the state legislature. 
“ We’ve become in­ creasingly interested in what our various ances- 

ALICE CO N D E of Southfield, Mich., tra v e le d a lo n g w a y to pore over records o f her ancestors in Boston 
AP PHOTO 

 his research at the New 
England H istoric G en­ ealogical Society. It is the oldest private g en­ ealogical library in the 

“ They w ere an ex­ trem ely historically conscious g ro u p ,” he says. 
Anderson does much of 

 world 
The society is housed in an eleg an t g ra n ite building in the Back Bay section of Boston. 

A S A PO RTRAIT of an ancestor looks on, R o se tta Potter G ra n t o f M a tte - pan, M a ss., researches her ancestors in N e w England Historic G e n e o lo g i- cai So cie ty ’s reading room in Boston 
AP PHOTO 

 annnnnn: 
ORDER 
YOUR 

Choose one of six classic 
Guerlain fragrances at our special value price 

T-SHIRT 
From The Express-News! 
Now you can collect one or several of the most memorable scents in the world by Guerlain. From light floral combinations to dusky musk undertones, these fragrances linger and express your mood. 
Choose from Shalimar, Parure, Chamade, L'Heure 
Bleue, Mitsouko, or Vol de Nuit colognes. Cosmetics, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas, 
Austin. Use your convenient Joske's charge card! 

J U S T 

IN C L U D IN G TAX 
H A N D LIN G 
& POSTAGE 
A L L O W IO D A Y S FOR D ELIVERY 

Farrah Faw cett T-Shirts 

Exp ress-N ew s 
P.O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

T-shirts at $2.5o each 

Please indicate size: 

Please send m e __ 

I have enclosed $. 

M ED IU M S 
LARGE □ 
SMALL □ 

 j N A M E __ 

I ADDRESS 
M A UNIT O F ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 
STATE 

C O U S IN C H E A P / os 
Hugh 
Cartel* is som etim es kn o w n , re m o v e s 
.an o th er 
W h ite 
House TV set 
_ 
The hatchet man of privilege 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - 
Hugh 
Carter 
Jr., 
President Carter's cousin once removed and 
White 
House special assistant for adm inistration, is the hatchet man of privilege. 
He thrives on ways to cut back on the “perks. or perquisites — those little signs of privilege — that go along with working at 16(1o Pennsyl­ vania Ave. 
After the stories of dis­ appearing television sets, limousines dispatched to the graveyard and res­ trictions on newspaper and magazine subscrip­ tions the White House st aff is now allowed, one expects to meet a gnarled 
Scrooge who delights in the picayune. 
Yet. at 34, the blue­ eyed Carter — known as 
“ Cousin 
Cheap” 
— comes across most ob­ viously as the earnest, low-keyed businessman he once was. 
Sitting in his second- floor White House office, opposite his own tele* 
Msion set. Carter em ­ phasizes that newly ban­ ished privileges will not creep back into the exe­ cutive branch. 
“They won't get back, I guarantee that," he says, explaining, however, that a few sets have already 

 found their way back into the offices of “those who have dem onstrated a need.” 
6o sets 
“ The congressional Ii- aison has two, one for the 
House and one for the 
Senate, for watching news broadcasts. The others, like mine, are used for the audio por­ tions of the news brief­ ings which the White 
House communications office tapes. At last count, there were about 
6o sets.” 
When the Carter people moved into the White 
House, there were some 
3oo television sets distri­ buted throughout the mansion and its auxiliary offices. lf all this activity seems grist for the ad­ ministration - mocking 
“ S e c r e tJ Irv o f Svm ho­ lism” in 
Donnesbury, 
Hugh Carter doesn’t take it any less seriously. 
C arter goes on to ex­ plain that while getting rid of the sets produces a savings from the point of view' of repair and main­ tenance, the “ big p u r­ pose was dem ocratiza­ tion. We just want to keep folks from getting too doggone exclusive.” 
The seduction by and collection of perquisites has grown with the pre­ sidency since the Frank­ lin Roosevelt years. Dur­ ing the Nixon years they 

 became the merit badges of the striv e rs of I HOO 
Pennsylvania and their loss was a public humi­ liation. 
In his book “ Blind 
Ambition,” John Dean recounts how’ he began his work as counselor to the President in a shabby office that needed paint­ ing and was filled with 

 furniture that “ looked like military discards." 
After months of ag­ gressive work. Dean gained H R. Haldeman’s notice and approval and 
“ I was soon enjoying some of the coveted 
White House status sym­ bols, a daily copy of the 
P resident’s news sum ­ mary. a new 12-line tele­ 

 phone in place of my two-line model, sub­ scriptions to more maga­ zines and newspapers than I wanted, an Army 
Signal Corps telephone in my home (on which I could call London faster than I could dial next door), and carte blanche to redecorate an impres­ sive new office.” 

To keep the White 
House aides in touch with the real world and away from the trappings of power, the rustic retreat at Camp David, once available to staff under previous ad m in istra­ tions, is currently res­ tricted to the First Fa­ mily. 
Aides who make the 
F oreigners building 
Moscow luxury hotel 

MOSCOW 
(AP) 
- 
Near the heart of down­ town Moscow stands a 
2^-acre testimonial to the Kremlin’s continuing need for foreign know­ how: The construction site for a 28-story luxury hotel going up with 
Italian steel. French supervisors, Yugoslav labor and American and 
G e-man machinery. 
There is barely a Rus­ sian in sight. 
Olympics 
In return for promised completion by the 198o 
Olympics, when Moscow badly needs acceptable facilities for visitors, the 
Soviet Union has let for­ eigners run most of the 
$12o*million project. 

Moscow’s hands-off atti­ tude has even extended to letting the foreign workers hold brief strikes — unheard of for 
Soviet workers — and permitting the import of 
French chefs to make gourmet worksite meals for work crews and ex­ ecutives. 
The project offers the 
Soviet Union a chance to study Western building technology closeup while saving its own hard­ pressed construction workers for other projects. 
“Everyone here, down to the painters and plumbers, is from abroad,” said Jean-Lue 
Choiset, a young French worksite manager. The 

A public service feature of the Sa n Antonio Bar Assn. 

DESTROYS 
CUSTOMER'S SUIT AFTER r IS CLEANED AMP REPAIR­ 
ED. IS THE TAILOR lf GAL­ 
LY ENTITLED to coaler 
HIS HILL ft 
VE5D MOG 

Legally yours 

ANSWER: 
Yes. The tailor is not liable for the loss of the suit, provided the fire was acci­ dental and he took reasonable care of 
Hie suit. He is legally entitled, there­ fore, to collect his bill for cleaning and repairing. Of course, most tailors are insured against losses by fire. 

This feature presents legal principles and problems. Even though this feature is provided by your San Antonio Bar Assn. it should not he taken as a legal opinion or advice, which can only be given by an attorney after considering all relevant facts and circumstances pertinent 

 main contractor for the project is Sefri, a French finance and construction company. 
Steel 
The Yugoslav workers specialize in structural steel work and are now up to the fourth floor of the building. Inside a temporary office at the site, decorated with pho­ tographs of Yugoslav 
President Tito and well stocked with American coffee and liquor, the 
Yugoslavs said they were profiting handsomely from their time in Mos­ cow. 
“ I make 2 ^ times here what I would make in 
Yugoslavia,” said one burly foreman. He said he and many of his col­ leagues would go home with their own au­ tomobiles, purchased in special Moscow stores for foreigners. He did not say what he was earning. 
The Yugoslavs live in dormitory-style housing with up to six people in three rooms. The Yugos­ lav embassy organizes soccer matches and movies to entertain them, though worksite officials say the men spend most of their time working or sleeping. 
Special heaters 
“ We had special heaters to keep the men and the concrete warm during the winter and the men weren’t required to 

 work when it was colder than minus IO degrees outside,” said one con­ struction official. “ But the men often worked in any weather.” 
Russian construction executives often visit the worksite, which is shut off by a long green fence from the neighboring 
Soviet Exhibition of Na­ tional 
Economic 
Achievements and a dreary-looking Soviet ho­ tel. 
Sometimes, the 
Soviets stay for lunch in the project’s French res­ taurant. 
The first foundation work for the hotel took place last May and con­ struction is slated to end by April 1979. 
The hotel is to have spacious lawns, a foun­ tain and a pool — none of them typical of current 
Moscow hotels. French craftsmen w ill do most of the interior decorating and Soviet adm inistra­ tive and service person­ nel for the hotel will be sent to France for train­ ing. 
“They’ll have to learn how to repair everything, because ifs all foreign equipment,” a Sefri of­ ficial said. The French company will retain no equity in the project. 

There is a union on the worksite representing the 
3oo 
Yugoslav workers, but so far labor disputes have been min­ imal. 

 trek are along. Carter says, because the Presi­ dent needs them for work. Access to the 
White House tennis court is available to all after the request is cleared through the President’s office. 
The presidential boxes at each of the Kennedy 
Center theaters are equally available, he said, on a first-come, first-served basis. 

 rn 

Something he wants. And something he'll use with pleasure. That's what you're looking for. And that's what we recommend. A. Chrome Cross pen, $6. In sterling silver: B. Initial ring, $3o. C. Adjustable collar stays with case, SIS. D.Link bracelet, $72.5o. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone.® 

Hbrtzberg's 
Fine Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E. Houston Street I North Star Mall 
W indsor Park Mall 

U se one of Hertzberg's convenient charge plans or 
American Bepress, BankAmericard, Master Charge. 
Mail and Phone Inquiries Invited: (512) 226-9374 I 341-2566 I 654-123o 
Please add sales tax where applicable plus $2 for postage and handling. 

 o ™ t m 
H o n u m m e i 
OPEN 
IO A.M. 

JUNE 6 

- PROTECTION 
•DECORATION 
• INSULATION 
58 BEAUTIFUL DESIGNS 

THE WORLDS FINEST 
ORNAMENTAL, SECURITY and STORM DOOR 
GRAND OPENING s p e c i a l 
FREE SCREENS WITH PURCHASE 
821 VALUE 

OUR BEAUTIFUL “1776” DESIGN 
BETTER BILT DOORS 
5726 EVERS RD. 
PATIO GATES & DOUBLE DOORS 
VALLEY PARK SHOPPING CENTER 

(AVAILABLE IN ALL DESIGNS) 
681-2763 
O W CWJWiiSCftiS (M olino 
Cfttf S&OUXQ 
IWOW U en*a OJcndVTS 

“til um n iuirt~ 
MATCHING 
WINDOW GUARDS 
(ALSO A V A ILABLE) 

S on Antonio EXPRES S -N E W S — Sunday June 5 1977 
Page 
I -C 

STORE HOURS: 
8:3o A.M. TO 9:oo P.M. MONDAY THRU 
SATURDAY ALL STORES EXCEPT NO. 8. 
NO. 5, NO. 1o, NO. 12, & No. 14. 
THESE STORES CLOSE AT 8:oo P.M 

1o:oo A M. TO 6:oo P.M. SUNDAYS ONLY... 
EXCEPT CENTRAL PARK-CLOSED ALL DAY. 

U B ER fy BLUE DINNERWARE 
M ADE IN STAFFORDSHIRE ENGLAND 
THIS W FEK’S FEATURE... 
MATCHING DESSERT DISH e* 79c 
WITH EVERY S3 OO PURCHASE 
EXCLUDING BEER. WINE & CIGARETTES. 

• . s w w r 
I i r M r M S ^ L L / O C U H L L 
I . j U 
A *SUPER SUPERMARKET AND THEN SOME 
Super Blockbusters 

 a h c e r e r r iv / t n j ut i 

• O O and then some. 

AD EFFECTIVE THRU 
W EDNESDAY, JUNE 8 

SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 

* 4 

DEL MONTE CREAM STYLE, 
WHOLE KERNEL OR VAC PAC 
GOLDEN 
CORN 

12 OZ. 
AND 17-OZ 
CANS SJI 

HANDY ANDY U.S.DA GRADE "A" 
LARGE 
EGGS 

1 DOZEN CARTON 
o 

 r n 

■'IVW''- 

U.S.DA CHOICE BEEF 
ROUND 
STEAK. 

POUND 
S J[*9 

9 
• • • 

TEXAS U.S. NO. 1 SIZE 45 
CANTA' 
LOUPES 

F O R 

< * > * " r 
^ x > J 

HANDY ANDY 
Sand T art 
COOKIES 

3 DOZ. 
PKG. 

 c o e 
* 

BORDEN'S ASSORTED FLAVORS 
• 

„ • * • 

ICE 
CREAM 
99° 

HALF GAL 
CIN. 

9 

4 

• 

9 
9 

9 

9 
9 

9 

9 

6 PACK 
ML 
PEPPER. 

32-QZ. 
BOTTLES S J 19 pi I ie n 
PLUS DEP. 

PACK OF 12 
PABST 
BEER 

12-OZ. 
CANS 

9 9 
» 9 9 • 

BORDEN'S ASST. FLAVORS 
UTE LINE 
YOGURT 

8-OZ. 
CTN. 4 * 1 
F O R 

• * 

& 

3 1 rn r n 

SHOP ALL DEPARTMENTS 

.15 OZ. 

12 o 2 

69o 

49o 

M A R Y KITCHEN’S 
Com Beef Hash 

SK IN N E R 'S 
Fideo Enrollado aoz 29o 
S K IN N E R S 
Nudels 

AM ERIC AN BEAUTY 
Extra Wide Noodles . « « . 49o 
K E IT A HOME STYLE 
Y 
Kosher Dills 
32oz 69o 
H ANDY AN D Y 1oV2 OZ. 
Bean Dip W/Jalapeno 3 FOR $1 

FRENCH'S 
Squeeze Mustard a oz 33o 

M U S S E L M A N ^ 
Apple Juice ... PACK OF 5/5Vi*OZ. 99o 
A SSO R T ED FLAVORS 
Hawaiian Punch 
,46 o2, CAN 55o 

LIPTON 
Pure Instant Tea ... doz $1.59 
LFE & PERRINS 1o OZ BTL 
Worcestershire Sauce 
83o 

GOLD M EDAL 
Flour 
IO LB BAG $1.49 

PKG, 53o 

LIPTON ASSO RTED FLAVORS 
Cup-O-Soup 

ALL GRINDS 
Folger’s Coffee m b can $3.79 
A Sb 'T GRINDS 
Folger’s Coffee ?lo can $7.55 

H AN DY ANDY 
Hot Dog Relish 
.-oz 53o 
H AN DY ANDY 
Whole Dill Pickles 
3?oz 83o 

AM ERIC AN BEAUTY INSTANT 
Mashed Potatoes a oz 35o 
M AZO LA 
No Stick Spray doz 99o 

VAN CAM PS CHILI W EANIE OR 
Beenie Weanie s o z 3 f o r$ 1 . o o 
PILLSBURY ASSO RTED FLAVORS STREUSEL SWIRL 
Cake Mixes 
.28*,.oz $1.o9 

H ERSH EY'S 
Hot Cocoa M ix ...... 1 2pack 89o 
PLANTER S 
Tavern Nuts 
..IV,-O Z. CAN $1.25 

DEL MONTE 
Tomato Juice .......... 46 OZ. CAN 55o 
> 9 9 

REG. OR SCENTED 
TICKLE 
Anti-Perspirant 

2.5 oz. SJ4 9 

COLOR 

 i J ITT ti;] OJI PRINTS E A C H 1 5 C 

I Lu kin Andii 
PLUS...PROCESSING AND DEVELOPING OF YOUR COLOR NEGATIVES. 
REPRINTS SLIGHTLY HIGHER 
WE USE KODAK PAPER & CHEMICALS EXCLUSIVELY. 

9 9 

ASSORTED 
MURTON 
POT PEES 

8-oZ 
PKGS. 4 *1 
FO,?* 

- mtiriiii unman 
I 
< I 
A\ 
HAMOV»>T<oo I 
WA* **»»>#* f 

 l l ' 
Si /- l r ft 

9 9 9 
> 
9 
9 
9 

KINGSFORD 
CHARCOAL 
BRIQUETS 

1o-LB. 
BAG 

A in rn #*»i ir^r-n 

Poge 
2C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
Sadness and sorrow, tune in tomorrow 

V iss yo u r fit to ri lr .son ft 

 opera last w eek? Catch 

 up a i t h th is h a n d s 

 ra n d o m t on the a evh's dents. 

ALL MY CHILDREN: 
Mona blew the whistle on 
Erica anc! Mark, but 
Erica refused to face the possibility that she and 
Mark arc sister and brother. ( hirstina took a leave of absence and continued to have me­ mory lapses. In Chuck’s absence, Benny cheered up Donna, who insisted she’s leaving Pine V’al- lev. Myrtle realized that 
Kitty knows the truth. 
Little Phil tore up Phil's photo and insisted he wanted to live with 
Chuck. 
ANOTHER WORLD: 
Rachel donated her ser­ vices for the museum project, while pediatri­ cian Dr. Morley Rave 
Mac fertility tests. Je a ­ lous of Rcgine. Clarice began dating Burt again. 
Olive complained to John 
‘'he’s living in Pat’s sha­ dow. Ray was skeptical of Willis’ offers to help 
Fram e 
Enterprises. 
Marianne and Ted insist- cd they’re going to Eu r­ ope. 
AS 
THE 
WORLD 
TERN S: 
John warned 
Pat not to believe Lisa’s accusations about him and Mary. Joyce told Don that she can’t travel with him to Switzerland be­ cause she might have a miscarriage. John told 

 s 
o 
Br 

 cap 

 pera 

 view 

By ION MICHAEL REED 

David lie d consider dropping charges against 
Dan if John got complete custody of Andrew. Kim urged the Stewarts to persuade Dan to marry her immediately. Susan went off the wagon, but told Kevin she could con­ trol a sip now and then. 
Dee offered to work for 
Tom. 
DAYS OF OI K LU ES: 
Brook told Valerie that 
Irish is pregnant with 
Dav id’s child While Neil and Mary rendezvoused. 
Ph yllis learned 
Neil wasn’t at the Chicago convention, confided in 
Mary that Neil's cheating with another woman and 
Neil changed his story about the convention weekend. 
Mickey and 
Maggie hunted for a Sa­ lem apartment. Sharon called Julie from lier ho­ spital room but was unable to speak. Tommv 

Reconstruct ion projects 

Two North Side Federal Aid I ’rban Systems reconstruction projects will be discussed in a public meeting at 7:3o p.m. Wednesday in the MacArthur 
High School auditorium. 

Work on both projects is under way. It will continue in stages over the next two years 
Broadway will be redeveloped from lim o north lo 
Bitters Road. Redevelopment will include expanding it into a four-lane artery and adding an underground drainage system. 

Meader Construction Co is Handling Hie s j .x million Broadway reconstruction project. 

Perrin-L5eitel aud Nacogdoches roads will be expanded to four lanes from IH41o north to O'Connor 
Road. Nacogdoches Road becomes Perrin-Beitel 
Road at Thousand Oaks Drive. 

ILB. Zachry is doing the 84 4 million road project. 

The Wednesday meeting will be sponsored Jointly by the city and the Texas Department of Highways and Public Transportation 

 tried to convince Linda to keep her hands off Mick­ ey. 
TUE DOCTORS: 
Ann returned at Mona's urg­ ing, while Parolee moved in with M J. and re­ sumed her job. Wendy admitted to Eleanor that she hired a private eye to dig up dirt on Luke Mola blew up when she learned about. Doreen before Ja ­ son could explain. Der- cen made plans with 
Kyle to build a chil­ dren’s wing dedicated to 
Stare. 
THE 
ED G E 
<H 
NIGHT: Tracy moved in witll Johnny and Laurie after being evicted from her place. Nicole was de­ pressed that Adam is spending all of his time on Mike’s case. Steve felt guilty about spying on 
Saxon while dating De­ borah. Laurie* continued to sulk and ignore her bain. 

G EN ER A L 
H O SPI­ 
TAL: 
Diana agreed to buy Heather’s baby but kept Peter uninformed. 
Citua discovered Heather may have a toxemia pregnancy. Tern joined 
Lesley in Venice. Monica told Jeff she wants a no- fault divorce. Audrey learned about Tom s moving plans with 
Tommy. Rick was ap­ pointed Chief of Cardiac 
Surgery but was dis­ suaded by Monica to fol­ low Lesley. 
GLID IN G LIGHT: 
Emmet learned from 
Jackie that Sara is inter­ ested iii Justin 
Roger told Holly, who came down with a fever, that lie wants to spend more time vvitll Christina. Ben and I vie got cuddly, as did Mike aud Jackie, who went on a piciiic-hikc vv bile Ann fumed 
LOVE OK LIFE: 
Mia lied to Andrew about lier night out but confessed to 
Ben that Betsy had found them together in the mo­ tel room. Charles agreed to give Felicia a divorce, but lier condition wor­ sened. and lier doctor or­ dered a Caesarian. Meg ordered Miu to lay off 
Ben. who was ordered by 
Ins parole officer to get a job. 
ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
Vicki and Kevin went to 
Dorian’s country borne for a rest, while Dorian 

 convinced Joe to undergo hospital tests for his dizzy spells. Will chas­ tized Bl ad for borrowing money tor his health chih against Naomi s life in­ surance. 
Brian intercepted Tony’s call to 
Pat and said he didn t like seeing Pat upset by 
Tony. 
RYAN S HOPE: Alicia was accused of theft. 
Money was found in her purse but Bucky con­ fessed he put it there to help her out. She accept­ ed a date with Bobby. 
Dee learned 
A lic ia ’s working at the hospital and told her never to mention the miscarriage to anyone. Jack fumed when he learned his baby was named Ryan. 
SEARCH 
KOR 
TO­ 
MORROW: 
Cindy pre­ tended to have fainting spells so she wouldn’t have to accept the out- of-town job. John was of­ fered a job as Assistant 
Attorney General iii Wa­ shington. Kathy fretted about Scott, who went off to Mexico in search of 
Ralph against her wishes. At Amy’s urging, 
Lisa agreed to see Steve, hut later learned about his Nashville job with 
Kitty. 
Stephanie got chummy with Greg. 
H IE 
YOENG 
AND 
THE RESTLESS: 
Liz remembered pulling tin plug, but Snapper insist cd she not tell the police. 
Jill agreed to marry Du v id and gave lier notice to 
Derek. Jack asked -Ioann to marry birn and leave town when lie gets a teaching job C\nthia bad sexual fantasies about 
Snapper 
XLI-THAT GUTTERS: 
Burt had a blind date with repairwemail Max­ ine’s telephone-lineper- soii sister, but they failed to make a connection. 
LAV. lured screenwriter 
Marshall for the Mgrk- land film, and lie took a shine to Linda. Against 
Nancy’s orders, Glen went to Tina, pleading for a screen test. She made him disrobe. 
Send your questions about soup operas to 
“ Tune In Tomorrow.’’ 
P.O. Box JI71. Sail An­ tonio, 78‘J97. Questions cannot be answered per­ sonally, but those of gen­ eral interest may be ans­ wered in future columns. 
2o/ off 

WOODS 

Wonderful Woven Wood Delights .. .Tile perfect way to redecorate — add shades o f excitements shades o f color and style, shades o f elegance to any room in your home 

I 224 4 A NACO G D O CH ES 
1 3 4 2 7 SAN PEDRO \ 

A T BITTERS 

6 5 4 - o 8 6 $ - ^ 
4 9 4 -1 6 2 8 

 woolco 
We want to be your favorite store 

SALE PRICES I 
GOOD MON. 
TUES. WED. 

HOOVER portable 
HOOVER 
TAKE YOUR PICK 
CONVERTIBLE 

Insist on Hoover! 

Carry ii! It's lightweight and really compact. Open it! 
Pull out the hose (It s really already connected) and pop on the tools . . . you're ready to start cleaning on the floor or above the floor. Power? You bet! 

Viny! outer jacket wipes clean— no dust Ins and rug adjustment dial low . . . normal . . . high . . . shag pile! A power cleaner— the world s finest! It beats as it sweeps, as it cleans! 

CONVERTIBLE™ UPRIGHT 
IT BEATS, 

(£7§|] 

NOW 
ONLY 

Complete with 
5 piece PowerSea! attachment set! 
Hoover 

7 9 ” 

FULL-TIME r EDGE -VA 
CLEANING 

AS IT SWEEPS, 
AS IT CLEANS 

*elS T V 
V v on TXT ' 

ALUMINUM 
/CHASSIS 

Efectmpfttontc 

AM FM FM 
STEREO RADIO 
S TRACK TAPE 
RECORDER/ 
PLAYER 

$ 

Custom 3 speed eiectrophonic/BSR record changer with cue/pause control and diamond stylus 
Head phone tack 
Pushbutton function controls. Equipped with speaker matrix switch for 4 channel sound with 4 speakers. 
228 

IIC /! 

RCA 23 CHANNEL 
INDASH CB-AM/FM RADIO 

88I Aft fi 9 O channel CB with n 
Sn ^ | f 
ANL Squelch, delta tune arid more plus AM/FM stereo # 14T4oo 

19" DIAGONAL 
1oo% SOLID STATE 
COLOR PORTABLE 
’ 329 

1oo% Solid state chassis automatic fine tuning AFT Keyed automatic con­ trol AGC Built in telescoping dipole an­ tenna 

25 

Etectrophonlc 

ELECTRoPHoNIC 
6o" MEDITERRANEAN 
STEREO CONSOLE 
*218 

Automatic tape stop after final program is recorded. 5 rotary controls. Equip­ ment with speaker matrix switch, 2 m ic r o p h o n e s on s t w a n d incld, 
#WWRY6o65o 

SANYO 12" DIAGONAL 
1oo% SOLID STATE 
BLACK A WHITE 

VHF and UHF detent tuners click into channel. Keyed automatic gain control for stable picture. Earphone jack for pri­ vate listening. #21T63/21T64 

WOOlCO MAKf S IT t A S Y TO SHW 
EJ Q wOOtCO(*«D 
* Convenient Tim* - Payment 
* Convenient Lay Away Plan 

 w o o i c o e is iR v c s t h i b ig h t t o w h it q u a n t i t u s - n o t a t s p o N S in t r o e t y p o g r a p h ic a l i r r o r s 

IOO Gill RO. 
48o3 WIST 
527 FAIR 
2214 5 W. 
HIAR WOHOfRIANO 
COMMttCE 
AVtNUF 
Mil IT AS Y DR 
732 221 1 
434-9411 
533-8166 
924-1441 

271o AUSTIN 
H w y . A ! W A t f f M 

653-4461 

I I 11 M tA D O W U A F OI. 
Mf A l MARBACH AT H W 41o 

675 9 6 7 ' 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONOAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

IlMCENim o4 WH JUD,r Mfuntil 
I- 
— - 
V 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

SALE PRICE GOOD 

MONDAY AND TUESDAY 

LADIES 
HALTER 

OR 

TANK TOPS 

YOUR CHOICE 

 i i 
EACH 

A wide assortment to choose from the latest styles! Styles may vary from those pictured. 

LADIES DENIM OR 
POLYESTER SHORTS 

A great summer to choose from our selection Denim shorts come in S-M-L. 

YOUR 
CHOICE 
* 2 
E A C H 

5 FT. I 
A N IM A L 
PRINT! 
POOL 
RS? ~ W ' 
. 
* *?. ■ | . 

I # 
$ 

Sturdy pre-molded pool. E x ­ cellent fo r outdoor fun. 

STANDARD 

BED PILLOWS 
2 / $S 

 luxurious foam -filled pillows for a beautiful sleeping experience. 

Cha/tqc/ It! 

MEN’S ! 

WESTERN 
SHIRTS $6 

A special manufacturer’s close out. W e purchased these fashionable western shirts at 2 special low prices and are passing the savings along to you. 
Fancy Yokes-Permanent Pre ss. S-M -L-Xl. 

3'A LB. 
PLANTER’S 
PEANUTS 
97 
IE O . $3.47 

Giant 
3'A lb. can of delicious redskin peanuts, low Priced! 

VI vitar GOO 

• m 

• 
...awit* lac™"*****' 

JUMBO ROLL 
PAPER 
TOWELS 
18« 

REG. 58< 

 large absorbant roll. Hurry in now and Save! 

VIVITAR 
OOO 
CAMERA 
31 95 

EEG. $34.95 

 lu ilt’ in ilictronic flash, sharp 
33nunfnst strap bteries, film in- t l i 2-yrs. warranty! 
KODAK 11o-2o 
COLOR F IL M .. 
1 .2 9 

HEALTHY 
BOBBYKEETS 
477 
EA. 

Save now on these lovely young, lively and colorful pets. Hurry in now and save. 

ANKLE 
WRIST 
WEIGHTS 

5 
54 

REG. $8.99 

Your diversified products' ankle- wrist weights sped up con­ ditioning you get in shape foster. 
Wear them while walking, jog­ ging, or practicing your favorite sport! 

# 7 6 6 

CROSSMAN 
AIR RIFLE 
88 

EG. $34.99 

IOO Shot bol! action Bl repeater short pump gives selective pawer. 
Attractive checkwood etock and fore arm button rifled barrel cross bolt safety olso shoots. 177 col. pells. 

ROSE MILK 
SKIN 
CREAM 
99 
( 

REG. $1.39 
Never greasy or slippery. 
Concentrated to soothe extro dry skin fast. 

WINFIELD 
TENNIS 
RACKET 
333 

REG. $5.99 

Both nylon strung, with genuine leather grip. 

M E N S* & 
LA D IE S’ 
LED W ATCH 
996 

RODLESS 
BED 
SPREAD 

Shows the hour, minute, second, even tells you what doy it is. 
Technology combined with beau­ tiful styling. 

WRIST 
ROCKET 
SLING 
SHOT 

* 2 
REG. $2.99 

Wrist-locking feature for con­ trolled power. Exclusive ammo centering parch. 

933 

REG. $12.97 

Machine washable. Assort­ ed colors. 

W INDOW 
SHADES 
I 27 

OUTDOOR 
LAWN 
DARTS 
388 

REG. $4.99 

Each set contains 4 over size darts 

 ond 2 rings. 

Hot red cycle w/yellow trim and strainers on the handlers. 

7-PC. 
COOKSET 
SPICE OF LIFE 
88 

REG. 29.95 

Set includes I Vt t 2 qt sauce, 5 qt. pot, IO” pan and covers 7- piece. 

IRONING 
BOARD 
688 

REG. $8.97 

Sturdy metal construction, von* histed top adjustive lover cen­ tro!. 

16 OZ. SUAVE 
SHAMPOO 
ASSORTMENT 
69* 

REG. 974 

Assortment of fine 
Suave shampoos melds, baby, fruit essence and regular. 

A 

2 HANDER 
BEER 
GLASSES 
88 < 

REG. $1.27 

Budweiser, Schlitz, Miller of Fobs! labels. 32 ounce glasses. 

18” OR 2 4 ” 
TUBE SOCKS 
4 77 
REG. $5.37 

All-purpose striped to socks. 6 pock size 
9-pack, sizes 9- ll. 

OBRDX 

CLOROX II 
BLEACH 
88 
REG. 974 

Giant 4o pz. all fabric bleach has no chlorine. 

CONSORT 
HAIR SPRAY 
89 REG. 99< 

CORN 
BROOM 
I 33 

REG. $2.97 

Durable, with long wood handle. 

CANNING 
JARS 
QT. OR PT. 
1 88 

YOUR CHOICE 

Quart size 12 pact: conning jars. 
Ideal to buy now ond save! 

COOKIES 
ASSORTMENT 

4 eor* 1 

Assorted favorites. Fresh, delicious. 

NATURE SCENT 
BATH BEADS 
^ $1 
Mm FOR 
I 

Wild flower bibbling both beads. 

No tub-ring feel refreshingly soft ail over. 

ALL PURPOSE 
CAMERA POUCH 
I 25 
REG. $2 

All purpose pouch for pocket cameras ond accessories. 

COMPACT 
PAINT SPRAYER 
88 
47 
REG. 55.oo 

Internal mix gun, pint size cup. 

Powerful, direct drive motor! 

 r 
WOOLCO MAKES IT EASY TO SHOP 

I [Lm K A M E IE IC A R D M A ST SO C H A It C E 
(WOOLCO C A R D 
# Convenient Time - Payment w 
* Convenient Lay-Away Plan 

WOOLCO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES—-N O T RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

IOO G U I RD. 
48o3 WEST 
527 FAIR 
2214 S.W. 
271o AUSTIN 
8111 M EADO W IEAF DR. 
NEAR W ONDERLAND 
COMMERCE 
AVENUE 
MILITARY DR. 
HWY. AT W A IZ E M 
NEAR MARBACH AT N.W .41o 
732-2211 
434-9481 
533-8166 
924-1441 
653-4461 
675-9671 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

 r 
^ 
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

S E P U C W S T QI MOSEY S i * DIT M O E D I 

REG. $1.57 

White plastic sturdy wooden roller! 

VENETIAN BUNDS.. 2 / $ 1 3 

•/ c L.... 
* N t'" ;* 
Bulletin 
V * 
W H A T S 
2oM1NGUPIN 
* * I 
I Board 

 f I ; 
\ (SANANTONIO 
THIS WEEK 

--------- V v 

Miss Black Pageant 

The Miss Black Texas Beauty Pageant finals will be Saturday at 8 p.m. at the Carver Community 
Cultural Center, 226 N. Hackberry St. 
Some H cities will be represented in this statewide competition. 
The winner will go to Hollywood to represent 
Texas in the national finals Sept. in 
Tickets are $3.5o for general admission and $3 for the champagne circle. (Complimentary champagne will be served in the champagne curie.) 
Tickets may be purchased at Carver Community 
Cultural Center, all Joske’s of Texas stores and 
Hill’s Wigs and Beauty Salon, 7o7 S. Pine St. 

S.A. Conservative Union 

The energy’ crisis will be the point of discussion at a 7:3o p.m. Tuesday meeting of the San Antonio 
Conservative Union, 
Speaker w ill be F. J. Spencer, a lecturer, author, business consultant and strong constitutionalist. 
Spencer w ill give special attention to President 
Carter’s energy program. Subject of ijis remarks will be “The Nuts Behind the Wheel.” 
The meeting, open to (he public, will be held in the ballroom of the Ramada Intl, San Pedro Avenue at 
IU 41o 
Calvin Bucker, executive director of the Texas 
Conservatee Union, will present accomplishments of the union in the just finished legislative session. 

Legion installation 

The annual installation banquet of Business and 
Professional Men’s Post. No. IO. American Legion, will be held at 6:3o p.m. Tuesday at the Ft. Sam 
Houston Officers’ Club 
Reservations are required, said Col. Far! S. 
Sleeper, adjutant. 
Awards w ill be presented and new members of Hie post will be initiated. 
Guest speaker for the dinner will be Mary Den­ man, radio and television personality, whose subject will be “ Turn the Table on Me." 
George C. Lambkin, former information officer for Ft. Sam Houston, w ill be inducted as new commander, succeeding Steve I Spaugh. In addi­ tion to continuing as adjutant. Sleeper will become first \ ice commander. 

Educating the young child 

The San Antonio Assn. for the Education of Young 
Children w ill hold its regular monthly meeting 
Monday at the Laurel Heights Methodist Church. 227 
W. Woodlawn Avenue. The program, consisting of a series of mini-workshops on summer programs for preschool children, will begin at 7 p.m. 

Research, Planning unit 

The Research and Planning Council’s 25th anniversary banquet is set for noon Tuesday at the 
Anacaeho Room of the St. Anthony Hotel 
Guest speakers will be John Justin Jr.. former mayor of Fort Worth, and Charles G. Cullom, former deputy mayor of Dallas. 
They w ill discuss the "Challenge to Local Go­ vernment.” 
Tickets are $7.5o. For more information contact the Research and Planning C ouncil, 227-2591. 

Astronomical Association 

The monthly meeting of the San Antonio Astrono­ mical Assn. is 7:3o p.m. Friday at the Civic Boom of the Farm and Home Savings Building, 615 NAV, 
II 141o. 
Several members of the club will give "how to’* demonstrations for photographing the night skies. 
The public is invited. 

Ministers, citizens council 
City Manager Tom Huebner will be featured at a public meeting at 7:3o p m. Monday at the Tried 
Stone Baptist Church, 551 Canton St. 
Huebner w ill answer questions concerning his statements released to the news media on May IO about “ quality people," particularly women and 
Moxican-Amerieuns. 
The meeting will be sponsored by tho Texas 
Ministers and Citizens Leadership Council. 

Briefing on new program 

A luncheon briefing on a federally supported program aimed at using bioengineering technology to help the presently unemployable handicapped will be at noon Wednesday at Turtle Creek Country Club. 
Representatives of major employers in San An­ tonio have been invited to the program being conducted by Southwest Research Institute for the 
Rehabilitation Services Administration of the U.S. 
Department of Health. Education and Welfare. 
Speakers will be Charles J. Laengef. assistant director of the SwRI Department of Bioengineering, and Jan Williams McLaurin, Ph.D., research psy­ chologist in the program. 
The program is designed to prepare severely handicapped individuals to be completely productive in a wide range of jobs traditionally considered unsuitable for them. 
It will advance trainees referred by state rehabili­ tation agencies through several stages of prepara­ tion. 
Bexar County cattlemen 
Plans for an auction June 25 will be discussed at a meeting of the Bexar County Independent Cattle­ men's Association at 7:3o p.m. Monday at the Lone 
Star Livestock Commission Co. 
Funds from the auction will be used to promote activities of the ICA. The auction will be at the Lone 
Star Livestock Commission Co. 

Villa Maria festival 
Villa Maria is holding its annual festival June 12 from noon to 8 p.m. 
Prizes to be given away include 1st prize. SISO; 2nd prize, two hand made bedspreads; 3rd prize, a 
43-quart capacity ice chest; 4th prize, a 45-piece dinner set for eight. 
The festival will include games, tombola and refreshments, with a drawing for prizes at 8 p.m. 
Winners need not be present to win. 
To enter the drawing call 223*8163 or stop by Villa 
Maria, 719 Augusta. 

Aikido demonstration 
There w ill be a demonstration of Aikido, a non-violent art of self-defense, at 6 p.m. Monday in 
Our Lady of the Lake University gymnasium. 
Aikido is a non-appressive martial art which emphasizes harmony with one’s opponent rather than direct opposition to oncoming force. 
For further information, telephone the Office of 
Continuing Education at Our Lady of the Lake 
University, 434-6711. ext. 191. 

 tf^A P e y I 

L A R G E 

. . 
' '% f: '■’* ) <-*o o & 
: T A P IZ j £ 
/ A 
/ £ 
//% / q j 7 

^ C llT THE BMUS 
TO c u r m 
B IU S ! rfo S e z v e 'ftp " 

 p y e ^ w 

® m i 

- ’ “" ’ton,.,*. h>\nnU' * 

R A IJ 
Miracle 
Whip 

//n g m c te 

W 
H I P 

V/ 

/ t o 
^ 
S £ 

• X W W ' IM I* wAS(rwouf»€ 

&CZA&Z&. 
V 

 a/5 , 
/<3KW 
P U N T O 

-j~Reo3(4/o FO 

O H A N O C 

'{ [M 
B j 
/Joz. 

\ \ 

A3 
,c 

\ 

,'7 
£ 

IU 
I 

 rn 
4fb 
&A c r 
\ 

WE ACCEPT 
FOOS STAMP 
COUPONS 

M a c 
. C A R P S w S t,c o m B s\\Vvsv" "'N ^ \ \ \ \ w vp \\\\ vVN\X\W ^ 

L 

146 P A R #/A r 
ZARZAMORA tv® 44$ CaStrov/u e u t &OPPL6S PR 

• 2 / o $ M /L /rX R Y P P . N M 
• /$ /$ HoASANTON PP. 

• 37IQ BIANCO PAAP 
• /34o CALLAGHAN 

- 3 6 >?Z m P € 2 lC t<£B iJg& Z P . 

- o £C BANPF&A K O P P 

• 2 P Z o A H C r/N 

• 6 /!£ O M M W M T & R P 
•362b 
& Me m b #A un 

^urra/zeP P - c?e_ 
ARNAOUT. 

^ 
IU — 
W W ] IIH I 

 s ' 
RR3. o r to ter- 
2D £> 

P 
E P 
P 
E R 

M zW S C O 

^ M 
T F N E S 

 mm wk 
/£?-/£'bs* 

 i 

/ 
Rem w a see/* 
Somes 
>\ &f»cRJ v\ 

 ab p*&. r 

 fP R A sepg v%?A'e£. 

 s u m 

 p m 
. 

I J S fa * 

V 
^•5#: 
'-<5 

o /bs--, p p /wag?) 

(j& S E ? i 

4S 

 gA /U C p. C2cP~ 
B A R S C? 

4? 

| F . 
J e PACA^fOC?: <ZA*/S ) 
P R e/M /U M wm m e w p e o 

'7 ® 
o m m 
§ 

FRo$H (£&£?(*:*/ 

M O R G A N 

CREAMY 

C A U F C R m /A 

A w m 
*# 
BWvYS/seR 
<*■ . 
/ 
LU)NA 5 'Ap Ai 4 

 if r 
^ *#•. yjK :»f>X # VS* '. . 
A H U 

. \ 

//v: 
* : - R 

 nv\ v7 
' ' N . 
^ ^ s \x 

9 a m 

Firm’s ‘Power Saver’ homes answer‘threat’ 

If you are a homeowner being overpowered by growing monthly utility bills, now is the time to invest in a Burns Co. 
“Power Saver” home. 
Because most homes over five years old were built without energy effi­ ciency standards, owners are left with the threat of ever increasing utility costs and no protection from their older home. 
Became apparent 

Poor insulation, ill-planned heating and cooling systems and misplaced windows all add up to the wasted en­ ergy common to homes built before the energy threat became apparent. 
Utility costs in maintaining a home of this nature can even exceed monthly payments on the home. And, while the value of replacing that home has in­ creased, many buyers are wary of buying a home built without energy efficiency standards in the face of to­ day’s economy. 

The Burns Co. set out some four years ago to solve this dilemma for present homeowners. 
Each Burns Co. home is engineered with proven “ Power Saver” construc­ tion techniques to maximize energy use at all times. The 1977 models — in addition to extra insulation, double glass and power ventilators — are sealed during construction to reduce the major cause of high heating and cooling costs: air infiltration. 
From top to bottom and from the inside out, every Burns Co. home is built to meet strict energy efficiency standards. While this is a mujor con­ cern of the Burns Co., the firm never neglects the styling or livability of a home. 
The “ Power Saver" collection fea­ tures exciting options to suit any li­ festyle. Handsome living areas, with deep-pile carpeting and furniture-fin­ ished paneling, are planned around sunken conversation pits or more tra­ ditional plans. All include woodburn- ing fireplaces and built-in bookcases, with some featuring roll-out TV cabin­ 

 ets, completely antenna-wired, under stair landings. 
Spacious master bedrooms include separate dressing areas and walk-in closets. Built-in alcoved beds with m attresses, draw er space and toy storage are optional in some upstairs children's bedrooms. 
Extra features are found in “ wife saver" kitchen areas, too. Many be­ come family activity centers, some with updated versions of the breakfast nook popular in the 2os. The modern plan features built-in seating with shelved plant windows and niches for greenery. 
The Burns Co. invites all prospective home buyers in San Antonio to see the advantages of owning a " P o w e r 
Saver" home. Burns Co. representa­ tives will be happy to show interested* persons homes under construction to point out the power-saving techniques invisible in a completed home. Sales offices are open in The Great North­ west and Hidden Forest daily from noon to 6 p.m. Burns Co. homes are also available in Royal Ridge. 

U id c s * * * 
^ * v n t h i\ 
V . . ' 
M 
" * " 
IU ................. 
^ 
....... 
- iffl [f 
OAK CREEK m odels display quality typ ifyin g U.S. Hom e Corp.’s new houses 
Oak Creek homes placed in ‘introductory’ specials 

BURNS CO. presents ‘P o w er S aver’ as answ er to saving on utility use costs 

Fully equipped kitchens and utility rooms will highlight home salee in Oak ( reek this weekend as special, introduc­ tory offers from U.S. Home 
Corp. 
So that San Antonians may got to know U.S. Home Corp. better, the firm extends an invitation for all to visit this genuine Hill Country developm ent where special offers on new homes are made quite frequently. 
Added to built-ins 

U.S. Home Corp., said to be tin* na­ tion’s largest homebuilder, has added appliances to its standard “ package" of built-ins for new homes in Oak 
Creek, located off NAV. EM I HIM between Culebra and Potranco Roads. 
Kitchens in some Oak Creek homes this weekend even include a frost-free refrigerator with ice maker as a bonua to tin* built-in package featuring, as stan dard, dishw ashers, disposers, ovens, ranges and vent hoods. Utility rooms in Oak Creek homes are fully prepared for washers and dryers, and this weekend those appliances are in­ cluded in the special offers. 
Besides the Oak Creek homes in­ cluded in this special offer, other houses here can be purchased on eased financial arrangements and substan­ tially reduced prices. For instance, this weekend a home marked down lo 
$44.2(1(1 can be purchased with conven­ tional financing that has an interest rate as low as 7% per cent annually. 
The U.S. Home houses in Oak Creek 
.are represented well by the area’s four 

 fully furnished, professionally decor­ ated models which have been d is ­ played in the tree-studded neighbor­ hood ever since its formal opening. 
The building-developing firm plans to build luxury homes throughout the ar­ ea's .‘IOO acres of wooded elegance. 
Standard luxury features for Oak 
Creek homes include items as desira­ ble as all-brick, h an dcrafted fire ­ places; autom atic g a ra g e door openers; large storage rooms; and marbletop vanities. 
Some Oak Creek homes have wet bars; sloped ceilings in family and living areas, as well as in m aster suites; and finished two-car garages either separated from the home or with 

 a rear entry. 
Oak Creek is outside any city limits and served by the Northside School 
District. As well, it has good proximity to major destination points like I SAA. 
UTSA, Southwest Research Institute. 
South Texas Medic al Center and Kelly and Lackland AFBs 
As main as three routes can be ta­ ken to Oak Creek The most direct in lo simply exit from the Hwy 
9(1 VV. 
Expressway to NAV 
EM HUM, turn right and proceed to Oak Creek just past Rotranco Road 
The U.S. Home Corp community is marked by a beautiful fountain en­ tranceway 
Signs along the en!ranee road lead to tho model home park 

~A New 
M agazine from the Producers of 

The Golden Twins 
See Section x of h X i K f c o b 
NEWS 
Epcprepioijs 

A p a r t m e n t 1 l»Viqc| 

J 
% 
J 

\ 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
//_ 

J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 I 9 7 7 
Page 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
S s 

^ OF LIFESTYLES^ 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY t° LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORWTHAN IOO YEARS^T 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
.voindsorz homes 
B U ILD IN G CHEAT I Vt. LY 
FOR YOU 
THE GROW? 
Grow Northwest! 

With this new Windsor Home in 
Forrest Glen, you get plush luxuries such as decorator interiors sparked with fireplaces and cathedral ceilings. 
Large bedrooms and baths plus all-electric kitchens with dishwashers, disposers, ranges and vent hoods. 

In Forrest Glen, you’re less than IO minutes from the South Texas Medical 
Center, USAA and UTSA; 
Lackland and Kelly are expressway convenient. 

75o2 Pipers Lane 
$37,725 

'Based on VA purchase price of $37,725, no down payment, 36o equal monthly payments at 8 ’/a% financing annually. 

LIVING 

OI 
STORAGE 

2 CAR GARAGE 

BEDROOM 3 
BEDROOM 2 

7 U T 

MASTER 
BEDROOM 

 u 

When You Want 
The Very Best. 

XL 

J 
ZU 
> 

$367 
* ■ * . ■ ■ 
'mo 

Windsor Homes 684'7o47 

UTSA 

USAA 

• NO CITY TAXES 
• NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 
• NO DOWN, VA 
• NO CLOSING COSTS 

FEDDERS 
MAGIC CHEF 

Forrest 
Glen 

<%\ MEDICAL! 
CENTER 

OPEN DAILY TIL DARK 
NEW HOMES • 
$34,ooo to $39,5oo 

*</. 

\ HIU 

■p 

VT! 

 i 

JUUL 
TIU 

 mbr 

 br 4 

 br 2 

 i i 

 fam 

 brktst 

 kit 

1 1 util 

 br 3 entry 

 gar 

There is a new home community which stands out in NORTHWEST San Antonio .. . 
Tanglewood! Its exquisite natural setting forms the backdrop for distinguished new Ray Ellison homes. 
These homes, with a reputation for excellence, feature the finest LUXURIES . . . rich carpeting, fireplaces, beamed cathedral ceilings and privacy fences. 

When you want the very BEST new home for your money, come to Tanglewood. 

696 817o 

I 

The Promenade $45,1oo 

VA PURCHASE PRICE 

FURNISHED MODELS 

OPEN D A IL Y U N T IL AFTER DARK 
Ray Ellison Homes i 

P.O. BOX 525o ‘ SAN ANTONIO, TX 782o1 

J >v, 

MASTER 
SK FST - I family 

 g a r a g e 

UYJNO 

I ST^ 
SEO ROOM 

PAT JO 

BEDROOM 
FAMILY 

BATH 
GARAGE 

BEDROOM 
LIVING 

★ Homes From 
$57,ooo to $9o,ooo 

★ Large VS-I A cre W o o d e d Lots 

SPECIAL FINANCING 
AVAILABLE ON 

SELECTED 

ADDRESSES. 

FURNISHED 
MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 

3 and 4 Bedroom Homes, Formal liv­ ing and dining areas, woodburning fireplaces, wet bars, energy saving package, many luxury extras, quiet country living with all the city con­ veniences. No city taxes. A well suit­ ed home for gracious living. 

6 8 4 - 3 1 1 ! ll 

I. Bandera Rd. to Leon Valley 
Elementary School, left on FM 
471 to FM 16o4, left 2 miles to 
Oak Creek. 

2. From Loop 41o take Culebra exit then first left FM 1957, 6 mi. to I 6o4, right I mile to Oak 
Creek. 

HEATING 

CO O LING 

& 
.¥ 
FEATURING 
MAGIC CHEF 

OM 
CREE! 

H i jolt 
Condominiums 

Mission Trace opens new Sitterle homes 

This weekend con­ tinues the special Grand 
Opening of Sitlerle gar- 

CIASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 den homes in Mission 
Trace. 
The picturesque beauty 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 of Mission Trace and the quality home building expertise of Sitterle & 

CIASSIFK6 BISHAY---------- 

3 AND 4 BEDROOMS 

MARKETED EXCLUSIVELY 
By WALT CORNELIUS 
828-6343 

*33,65o to *36,ooo 
8% V A Financing 
PHA & Conv. A v a ila b le 

NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 3 BIUS FROM 
ELEMENTARY & CLOSE IO HOLMES 
HIGH & SUL ROSS JR 
HIGH- FEA 
TURING 
• 2 Baths • Custom Cabinets • Central 
Heat & Air • Lots OI Closet Space • 
High On A Hill 

O p e n IO A M Til Dark 
H.P. ORTS CONSTRUCTION 
Sales Off: 6oo3 White Cloud 
684-1386 

Cos. is an unbeatable combination. Mission 
Trace represents San 
Antonio’s most distinc­ tive blend of environment preservation and modern garden home features. 
Cul-de-sacs 
In the sparkling garden home community of Mis­ sion Trace, you’ll find homes designed to pro­ vide total privacy, effi­ cient use of space as well as a uniquely appealing look. 
A new garden home in 
Mission Trace will offer many other outstanding advantages such as 
24-hour security with restricted entry into the project; year-round pro­ fessional maintenance that keeps the grounds in perfect condition; pedes­ trian-oriented walkways; beautiful swimming pools and champion- ship-quality tennis courts; and automatic garage door openers. 
Ail this is enhanced by the striking beauty of 
Mission Trace’s natural environment. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

"Buffing 
Tree V 
Grand 
Opening, 

494-6842 

Durning Tree 
New. Different. Exciting. 
Luxury living with an affordable price awaits you today in the Burning Tree home community 

L o c a tio n 
Enjoy the great Northeast convenience of Burning Tree. 
You're close to oil of Son 
Antonio’s major suburban molls, office complexes, recreational facilities, restaurants, theatres, and you're in the prestigious 
Northeast Independent 
School District —■ Son Antonio's finest. 

Quality 
Each home in Burning Tree is individually engineered with on eye toward livability 
Notice the quality features in every Burning Tree home — wood burning fireplaces pebble- finished patios double enclosed garages. cedar shingle roofs, energy saving insulation and exciting new floor plans. And th dc s just the beginning 

Experience Burning Tree and you'll find a new cols shaded home community that holds your future. 

Sitterle and Companies 

7 Vi % OKAY, SAN ANTONIO! HERE IT IS! 

 o UTs e l e c t 
A Special Introductory Offer from 
HOME 
(IEOIoM j 

8% 
FINANCING 
ON SELECTED 
HOMES 

A unique opportunity to enjoy ownership of one of San Antonio’s most luxurious condominiums awaits you at Dijon North. One and two level plans, priced front S7o.ooo to SBI J 5o, are available for purchase, offering elegant residences that are a tasteful reflection of your lifestyle. Marketed exclusively by the Guy Chipnian Company, 
Realtors. 

Open IO AM - 6 PM Tuesday thru Saturday 
I 2 Noon - 6 PM Sunday and Monday 
• Prestige Location 
• AJ unto Heights Schools 
• New Home Warranty 
• Most Modern Appliances, including Refrigerator 
• Draperies 
• Pool Privileges 

7731 broadway • 824-9771 

Marketed exclusively by Deanie Owens Company, Realtors, 

 for Sitterle and Companies noted for quality and excellence in home building. 

Emerald Valley solves dilemma 
Prospective home buyers face a multitude of questions today. 
One community offers a good location; another offers am en­ ities. The list goes on. 
F in d in g a co m m u n ity that offers everything you're looking for is not easy, but one such community exists: 
Emerald Valley. 
Quality Windsor homes 
Here are excellent quality Windsor hom es p ric e d fro m an a ffo rd a b le 
$3o,65o. Home owners enjoy the bene­ fits of a com m unity club with sw im ­ ming pool, lighted tennis courts, bas­ ketball courts plus a prime northwes­ tern location with pro x im ity to ex ­ pressways. 
Singles, single-parent families and 

 young couples can enjoy the tax a d ­ vantages of home ownership in E m e r­ ald Valley. Couples whose children have moved aw ay a r e also finding 
Emerald Valley homes most conducive to th eir way of living: less unused space and more luxuries. 
P a y m e n ts a re as low as $3o7 a month* 
— less than most rents. 
(*B ased on VA p u r c h a s e p rice of 
$3o,65o. No down paym ent, no closing costs, 3oo equal monthly payments of 
$3o7 at 8*2 per cent annual percentage rate.) 
An im p o rtan t benefit of living in 
Emerald Valley is m em bership in the community club which features a jun­ ior Olympic sw im m ing pool, lighted tennis and basketball courts. Children attend the excellent Northside District schools. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NFWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

EM ERALD VALLEY, the m ost recent part of The G re at N orthw est, d isp la y s W in d so r H om es m odels d aily 

T hese new th ree -b e d ro o m hom es have all the luxury features you want. 
Fireplaces, sunken living areas, lux­ urious carpeting, cathedral ceilings, garden kitchens, patios and energy- saving central air and heat. All-elec­ 

 tric k itc h e n s in c lu d e ra n g e , hood, dishwasher, disposer, beautiful cabin­ ets and pantries. 
There are no city taxes in Em erald 
Valley, which m eans a lower monthly payment for you. It’s in the vicinity of 

San Antonio’s next regional mall, now under construction at In g ra m Road and NAV. Loop 41o. .lust IO m inutes awav are LTS A. LSAA and the South 
Texas Medical Center. The nearby ex­ pressway m akes Lackland and Kelly 

AF Bs most convenient 
F u rn ish ed m odels a re open daily from IO a m. until d a rk , .lust ta k e 
Culebra Road north of NAV. Loop 41o and follow the signs to Em erald Val­ ley, part of The Great Northwest. 

CLA SSIFIED D ISPL A Y 
CLA SSIFIED D ISPL A Y 
C L A SSIFIE D D ISPLA Y 
C LA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C L A SSIFIE D D IS P l A Y 
CLA SSIFIED D ISPL A Y cTASSl7l7b~DlSKAY 
ClAiSiTiED display' 
C L A SSIFIE D D IS P L A Y 

.cDindsc JR h o m e s 

B U I L D I N G C R E A T I V E L Y 
FO R Y O U 

F in d Y our S o lid ion 
To T he Y ew H om e M aw 

/ ^ f ^ A /? 

% 

D o n ’t y o u get caught in the renting dead-end where you have no tax advantages . . . nor ci|uiiy or investment htiiJd-up! 

¥ 
% 

,v» 
UTSA 

U5AA 

EMERALD 
VALLEY 

'ag 
/ _o 

 m e d i c a l ! 
.CENTER 

D IR E C T IO N S : 
Go north of Loop 41o on Culebra to FM 471, turn left, follow the signs. 

(ZtoiAUNrry 
CLUB/ 

A f 

■'Ty 

 q Y V 

N o 

 s/ 

 merald a l l e y 

In y o u r search for a new home, be sure you ch oose one that includes all the extras that yo u want in a co m m u n it y . . . . 

Emerald Valley has a 
COMMUNITY C LU B with 
SWIMMING, TEN N IS and 
BASKETBALL. 

Its excellent location in the 
NORTHW EST is near UTSA, 
USA A. the South Texas MEDICAL 
C E N T E R and the new INGRAM 
MALL now under construction. 
N O R T H SID E SCHO OLS, too! 

NO CITY T A X E S means a lower monthly p a y m en t for you. 
And, best yet, you can move in today . . . with a selection of exciting new Windsor homes to choose from. Furnished models open daily JO a.m. until dark. 

New Homes 
$3o,65o to $33,7oo 
684-I383 
FEDDERS Iv MAGIC CHEF 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1 977 
Unique combination offered in Wildwood 

Ray E lliso n ’s Wildwood in northwestern San Antonio offers a unique combination of price, style, quality and community environm ent which not only gives Wildwood residents their money’s worth but throws in many luxurious extras for good measure. 
A weekend visit to Wildwood out 
Bandera Read offers the homeseeker a rooftop skyline of chimneys, sur­ rounded on all sides by ro llin g countryside and tree-laden horizons. 
Most Wildwood homes feature beauti­ ful woodburning fireplaces that bring warmth and cheery comfort to spa­ 

 cious, paneled fam ily rooms w ith arched ceilings. 
If that isn’t enough of an energy- saving incentive, each home in W ild­ wood features the renowned Ellison energy-saving package designed to save Vjj or more on utility costs. The energy package consists of extra insu­ lation, double-paned windows, special caulking around windows and doors, power attic ventilators and unusually efficient air conditioning and heating systems. 
Although energy conservation means a lot today in terms of economy, con­ struction standards in an Ellison home permit no compromise with quality and pay off in long-term economies for the homebuilder. 
Long-term quality construction fea- 
-------------- c l A S Si> it d "67J f La'V---------- 

 lures include trusses fabricated for extra strength and durability; the best structural lumber available; top quali­ ty paint that resists chipping, peeling and chalkiness for years; asphalt seal-tab roof shingles for added wind protection; brick chosen for its low m oisture retention and chip resis­ tance; sheet vinyl flooring and tile; durable, colorful decorator carpet; and solid wood doors with dead-bolt locks. 
All of that quality and more is set in a location with quick access to major work centers such as UTSA, USAA and 
South Texas Medical Center. Despite the proximity to northwestern action, 
Wildwood homes are outside the city limits, providing lower monthly pay­ ments tiiat range from the low $3os to the mid $4os. 

-----------------------f t i i i i r i f o d R p l a y 

-GTTTX 

 t jlf p./t’ 
' ■* » /*, ,tp.l 
W ildwood is a special place for special people,, with its excellent northwestern location o ff Ban­ dera Road. The new Ray Ellison homes in this 

 desirable location are near key expressways, with easy access to shopping centers, schools and recreational facilities. 

The Wildwood lifestyle includes ex­ cellent educational facilities of the 
Northside School District, featuring top-notch academic programs and sti­ mulating extracurricular activities. 

Wildwood kitchens offer practical 

CLASSIFIID DISPLAY 

 convenience and luxury. All are fully equipped with dishwashers, disposers, ranges with self-cleaning ovens and range vents, along with fine wood ca­ binet which exemplify the exquisite craftsmanship found throughout a Rl> 
Ellison home. 

CLA SSIFIC DISPLAY 

To reach Wildwood, drive out Ban­ dera Road west until you see the beautiful Wildwood entranceway on your right. Professional courteous Ray 
Ellison representatives will be de­ lighted to show you Wildwood’s beau­ tifully furnished model homes. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
T tA S S iF IE O D iS P L A T 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

<W> 
^ 

Has More Than Jus 
Finest Energy Package! 

‘ J1- J: i 

THE CENTENNIAL 

'B ased on V A purchase price of 

5 4 1 ,o o o , no do w n p aym en t and 

3 6 o equal m o n th ly paym ents at 

8'/i% annual financing. 

Principal and In te re s t 
$ 2 9 8 .2 5 

Taxes ............................................ 
6 5 .o o 

(N o) C ity T a x e s..................... 
-o- 

Insurance.................................... 
18.7 5 
M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T 
$ 3 8 ^ o o 

 br 2 

 liv 

 dine 
; - I 
7-1 r 
I ' 

 a. 
•« 
: kit ~ 

■' d b 

 mbr ? 

I 

 br 3 a rI util. < 
I 

 parlor 
---- - 
— 
I 

__________ 

• A TERRIFIC LOCATION 
Near UTSA, U SA A and the South Texas Medical Center. 5 minutes to Loop 41o. 
• NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS! 
• NO CITY TAXES Means lower m onthly payments. 
• A CHOICE OF EXCELLENT FLOOR PLANS! 
PLUS... 
• EXCLUSIVE ELLISON ENERGY PACKAGE! 
, , 
• 1o" ceiling insulation 

•3% " wall insulation 
•double glazed windows 

•interlocking thresholds 

•pow er attic vents 

 gar 

. 
I 
-X * - 
THE GALAXY 

 mbr dine 

 br 4 

 liv 

V S 

 br 2 br 3 

___ 
. I I 

“ Based on V A purchase price of 

$ 4 o ,o o o , no do w n paym en t and 

3 6 o equal m o n th ly paym ents at 

8% % annual financing. f t 
Principal and Interest 
$ 3 o 7 .6 o 
T a x e s ......................... 
6 7 .4 o 
(N o) C ity Taxes 
... 
-o- 
Insurance ............................... 
2o o o 

M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T 
$ 3 9 5 .o o 

THE AURORA 

- r n 
- 

 brkfst 

 tam 

 kit 

A 
A A 

T 

 br 2 

~> 

H 
E E 

 dine liv entry 

 util 

“ Based on V A purchase price of 

$ 3 8 ,7 5 o , no dow n paym en t and 

3 6 o equal m o n th ly paym ents at 

8 1/.'% annual financing. 
Principal and In te re s t..........$ 3 1 5 .2 9 

T a x e s ............................................ 
6 9.2 1 

(N o ) C ity T a x e s ..................... 
-o- 

I nsu ra n e e .................................. 
2 o .5 o 
M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T , 
$ 4 o 5 .o o 

 br 3 

TS 

 gar 
Open daily until after dark. 
681-3o2o 

 gar 

Ray Ellison Homes 

® T 
P O. BOX 525o • SAN AN TO NIO, TE XA S 782o1 

San Antonio EX PRESS-N EW S-—Sunday June 5 I 977 

Woodbridge sets open house 

Wood bridge's second phase of townhouses will hold an open house this weekend, the second since its grand opening. 
This townhome com­ munity does not exag­ gerate when it boasts 

 that Woodbridge is where the leisurely lifestyles thought impossible by many become enjoyable realities at prices they can afford. 
Within the premises of 
Woodbridge, 31o*2 and 

31o3 Eisenhauer 'Rd. in northeastern San Anton­ io. is a recreational package carefully planned to give years of pleasure to the project's residents. 
Leisure here is plenti­ 

 ful because residents never have to worry about the maintenance of their townhomes or about their security. 
Woodbridge already has been the joyful dis­ covery of numerous San 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

Antonians. For example, its first phase, on the south side of Eisenhauer 
Road, la almost sold out. 
This, however, is the adult-oriented part of 
Woodbridge. 
Two lighted, acrylic- 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
THIS 

PEACE AND QUIET A STONES THROW FROM THE CITY 

 surfaced tennis courts, two swimming pools, two clubhouses and a picnic garden area make Wood­ bridge more than just a home address. lt\> a total environment perfect for active lifestyles of pro­ fessionals or of those w ho want the most out of re­ tirement. 
One clubhouse features a party room, kitchen and game room; the other, a sundeck, ping­ pong table and firepit for cookouts. 
All this is for the ex­ clusive enjoyment of 
Woodbridge residents and their guests. 
The interiors of the 
Woodbridge townhouses are visually exciting due to their “ open” design accomplished by broad expanses of windows, handsome fireplaces and lavish finishing touches. 
Extra large 17- by 
24-foot master bedrooms are common at Wood­ bridge. So are fashiona­ ble, compartmented baths. One of the Wood­ bridge plans has two compartmented baths off the same bedroom — one for him, another for her. 
Larger units even have 
3»/2 baths. 
All 
Woodbridge townhouses have al least 
2i2 baths, each stun­ ningly finished with hand-antiqued cabinets, rich coordinated wallpaper and large lighted m irrors. Each townhome also has a fireplace and a balcony. 
Three models range, in size, from 1,75o to 2,7oo sq. ft. The buyer has a cholee of a two-car car­ port or a totally enclosed garage. 
Buyers also are given their choice in selecting colors for the attractive interiors of their town­ homes They can choose floor covering, wallpaper and even colors for vanities. 
The kitchens, too, are unusually attractive and fully equipped with top- naine appliances. They feature an exceptional amount of storage plus a built-in planning desk complete with drawers. 
Energy-saving features 

WOODBRIDGE townhom es at 31o2, 31o3 Eisenhauer Rd. 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

 are common lo Wood­ bridge townhomes, too. 
The costs of operating utilities are lessened substantially by a full eight inches of solid in­ sulation inside the out­ side walls; weatherstrip­ ping on outside doors; bronze, solar-paned glass, all-electric ap­ pliances; and separate heating and air conditioning systems. 
Wit lim NL E . Loop 41 tL_ 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 the Woodbridge town­ homes are conveniently near N E. Ill 35 and 
North Star. Central Park and Windsor Park Malls 
They’re also close to the business and profession­ al centers of the North 
Side, Alamo Heights and downtown. 

Security of all resi­ dences is determined not only by limited access to the project's premises 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

 but also a highly trained. 
24-hour security patrol on guard seven days a week 
Woodbridge town­ homes are priced from as low as $47,5oo upward to 
$Ko,oOo. 
The project is reached most easi ly by exiting from N E. Loop 41o to 
Harry Wurzbach Road and going south to 
Eisenhauer Road, where a turn right leads to 
Woodbridge. 

CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 

Shop sip ,m r 

 neighbors/Trst 

% 
I n s t 
JeV 
Iq jU 

 ii. iv--1- -f/ / ' 
Y a w * 
’AV'r: t w ' d 
A l i t i l / . l l 
• 
J \ y # 

• » 
1, t, and 3 bedroom apartments 

‘A'*-’* ?:>v 
W 

V 
Exclusive Northeast Section 
;•«> 'A;v.v> -J---' t j • 
? 
IP 

H andball Courts ';; 

 i£ 
: 
' • 3 Tennis Courts it -.-s.- •■./k.-vwPw ■' 
’r M i # . • '• 'A t I 

? 4 
6 5 3 - 5 3 o o , : . 

*. Stn ren‘nf to Jh 
<V< right tiro Morton 

TWH CHEEK 
COME 
ON OUT, aTjyggagggggeagaaaagaageaaa 
SAN ANTONIO! 

G et to meet 

OO 

ONLY 
$ I „ s45o 
TOTAL 

MOVE-iN COST 

 for conventional terms 

Special Financing Available on Selected Homes 

Our introductory offer for you is something irresistible! 

Homes modern families are looking for today 

Split Bedrooms, Cathedral Ceiling, Rounded Fireplace 

★ Large bedrooms each with triple closet 
★ Large family room 
★ Box window in family room 
★ Breakfast bar and serve-through in kitchen 
★ Inside utility room 

★ Big formal area 
★ I o o % brick exterior 
★ Full energy saving features 
★ Over-engineered air conditioning 
★ Double garage with ample raised storage 
VA 
7 Va% 

 annual interest 

 rates on 

VA financing for selected homes! 8 % 

 per cent 
VA financing 

 with $1 total move-in 

 cost applies to all Homes! 

Built with you in mind 

★ Extra spacious living- 
* Master bedroom with cabinetry family area dressing room and 
* 1 o o % brick exterior 
★ Twin sliding doors to sliding glass doors 
* Full energy-saving 

 wrap around patio 
★ 
Two full ceramic tile features 
★ Serve-thru kitchen baths 
* Over-engineered air 
★ Box window at dinette 
★ 
Furniture finished conditioning 

Northwest Bexar County Fastest 

Growing Community 

All city conveniences 

N o city taxes 

Y O U N G F A M IL Y H O M E 

3 bedrooms, 2 bath. Spacious living room with fireplace and beamed ceilings. Separate dining area features window boxes and spacious pantry. 
Master bedroom and large secondary bedroom will fit your growing family. Today! 

 us*Home 

Listed on the New York Stock Exchange 
W O RTH C O M IN G H O M E TO 

DU 
Furnished 
Models Open 
Daily 9-9 
681-1111 beatilator 
AMERICAS LEADING f 'REPLACE 

Exit Loop 4 1 o at Bandera Road 
Proceed Va mile north to Grissom Road (EM 471) and turn left Go I rn,Ie to TWIN CREEK. 

/ 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday June 5 1 9 7 7 
— ——— 
- —— 
■ ——— — — — —y ——. _ 
^ 

\ M 
A 
,r?'\f 
A 
Country Bend homes to open 

T A N G LE W O O D hom es m odeled by R ay Ellison H om es 
Tanglewood site hard to describe 

San Pedro Hills keeps on growing as more and more builders add cus­ tom quality homes to the north central San Antonio community by now quite established and well known. 
So all-encompassing is this residential area that several communities of new homes have opened in its immediate vicinity; some, even within the neighborhood. The latter is the case of the newest arrival. Country Bend. 

C O U N T R Y BEND h om es to open w ithin San Pedro Hills 
With the opening of 
Country Bend, San Pedro 
Hills will have never looked better. Country 
Bend is like a place most people dream of because here they can enjoy the freedom of being away from it all and surround­ ing themselves with the things they love. 
Preserving the natural beauty of Country Bend is of prim ary concern; every effort has been made to blend modern living into the gently 

 rolling, wooded country­ side. A rchitectural d e­ signs com plim ent the natural beauty of the landscape and incorpor­ ate all energy-saving de­ vices. 
Only IO minutes from downtown San Antonio, 

Country Bend is in a most convenient location. 
Enhanced by the close proximity of employment centers of north San An­ tonio, there’s immediate access to two major ex­ pressways. 
Country 
Bend also 

 offers the convenience of 
Brookhollow Shopping 
C enter plus churches. 
North 
E ast 
D istrict schools and e n te rta in ­ ment. It’s really close to everything. 
The new neighborhood is also a world of fun. 

You’ll love the private swim club, recreation center and tennis courts. 
The centrally located city park also offers tennis courts, baseball fields and lots of wide open spaces for playing and biking. 

It’s hard to do .justice using words to describe 
Ray 
E llison’s 
Tanglewood in northwes­ tern San Antonio. 
You have to see the wooded landscapes and rolling hillsides to appreciate the rustic feeling of freedom and carefree living that comes from the minute you drive through the luxurious overhanging oaks fram ing the e n ­ tranceway. 
At the heart 
Located within easy driving distance of the neighboring 
UTSA cam pus, the im posing 
USAA complex and the splendid medical fa c i­ lities of the South Texas 
Medical 
C enter, 
Tanglewood is at the heart of the dynam ic movement marking San 
Antonio’s th rustin g growth northwest. 
At the sam e tim e, 
Tanglewood offers the peaceful serenity of car­ efree country living amid gracious oaks and rolling landscapes. 
Innovative, contempor­ ary designs by Ray El­ lison arch itects m ake 
Tanglewood an interest­ ing combination of three- and four-bedroom, one- and two-story homes be- 

DAN BAKER 

 ginning in the low $4os and available with VA, 
PHA and conventional financing. 
Fireplaces featured in most plans bring crack­ ling warmth and rustic glam o r to crisp 
Tanglewood evenings. 
But ru stic ch arm is mixed with contem por­ ary convenience in beautiful and functional kitchens that transform cooking chores into cu­ linary adventures. Rich handcrafted cabinetry; self-cleaning double oven e le c tric ranges; d ish ­ w ash ers and disposer units; and stainless steel sinks and fixtures all combine to allow kitchen chores to be performed with more fun and less fatigue. 
Although the benefits of Tanglewood living are m any and varied for housewives and mothers, children and teenagers from the wooded subdi­ vision enjoy outstanding facilities of the Northside 
School D istrict, along with interesting and di­ verse social p rogram s and extracurricular act! cities for young people o all ages. 
For weekend or even ing recreation in th* great 
Tanglewood out doors, tennis courts and sw im m ing pool are nearby. F’or those whose entertainment tastes lean fo the night life, discoth eque dancing and unique cuisine abound in excit ing northw estern San 
Antonio, with the most popular spots located on­ ly minutes away via ex­ pressways. 
To reach the 
Tanglewood sales office where professional and courteous Ray Ellison re p re se n tativ es are ready to assist you. drt\e west on NAV. Ill IO past 
NAV. Loop 41o to De Za va I a Road and follow ii west until you reach tin distinctive Tanglewood entrance 

CLASSIFIC DISPLAY 
C LA SSIFIC DISPLAY 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 

E.H. “ COTTON” 
JA R O SZEW SK I 
SpT' 

Presents 

HIDDEN VALUE HOMES 

Convention has Baker as specxer 

Dan Baker of San An­ tonio. called a “ people problem’’ consultant. will be the featured speaker at the Friday, 
•lune IO, noon luncheon during the Texas Asso­ ciation of Realtors con­ vention in the Dallas Hil­ ton Hotel, it was a n ­ nounced here by Ray 
Ragsdill, president of the 
San Antonio Board of. 
Realtors. 
“ Although the .June 8 - ll convention will bring delegates, num erous speakers and panel discussions. Dan Baker’s presentation is sure to give our board members some very basic and in­ novative techniques to practice in their real es­ tate offices. 
Ability 

“ Baker has a unique ability to relate to his audiences, whether com­ posed of em ployes, managers or top execu­ tives. Some of our board m em bers may have heard Baker before, but they know he will intro­ duce them to new and creative procedures in working with people of every interest,” Ragsdill said. 
Bob W ertheim er of 
Dallas, chairman of the 
TAR convention, has de­ scribed the convention program as specifically 
“designed to be an effec­ tive professional exper­ ience.” 
Baker, who is a writer, business consultant and hum orist, is typical of the speakers who will be appearing at the conven­ tion.” 
A fter ‘ B a k er’s talk. 

 delegates will be attend­ ing a number of roundta­ bles with panelists dis­ cussing such topics as 
“ The IOO Per Cent Com­ mission P la n ,” “ Fees 
R ather Than C om m is­ sions in 
Residential 
Sales” and “ Effects of the 1978 Tax Law on Real 
Estate.” 
P articip atin g on the roundtables will be Real­ tors from every part of the state and out of the state. They will include 
Carlos Dominguez from 
Miami; Mary Claude 
Gay, Denton; Grin Ellis, 
Dallas; 
Herb Herzfeld, 
Hougton: and Guy C’hip- man .Jr., San Antonio. 
Wallace A. Mortiz of 
San Angelo, who is ex­ pected to be elected 1978 
TAR president, and Phi­ lip Joseph of Austin will share a roundtable panel on taxes. Decker McKim of Pasadena, TAR vice president, will discuss office location. 
O thers lined up as leaders in roundtables include Joan Deal, Hurst: 
Connie Stark, Amarillo; 
Bill Senter, Abilene; 
P rank Tomkins, Corpus 
Christi; Wanda Terrell, 
Austin; and F ran ces 
Powell, Dallas. 
Also, Lyndia Freeman, 
Lufkin; Virginia Reass, 
Houston; Lois Bowles, 
Lewisville; Fran Conine, 
Waco; Danny Munoz, El 
Paso; Frank Campbell, 
Dallas; Melvin Jayroe, 
Hereford; and Bill York. 
Lubbock. 
The convention is ex­ pected to attract 1,5oo delegates and will see the election of 1978 TAR of­ ficers Saturday, June ll, closing before noon. 

• 
Mosonry Exteriors 
• 
Professionally Decorated Interiors 
• 
Quality Paneling and W ood Cabinets 
• 
W oodburning Fireplaces 
• 
Extra Insulation 
• 
Finished G arage s 
• 
N o High City Taxes 
• 
Convenient to Expressways 
• 
Judson ISO 

• V A FHA C O N V E N T IO N A L 
F IN A N C IN G 

SALES OFFICE 
4823 Michael Collins Dr. 
6 6 1 -2 7 4 1 
Priced From 
$ 3 6 ,9 o o to $ 3 8 ,4 o o 

O irMliMi. Item m-JS. lilt al Im rin g Im. ox IC. (Kirby alit), ran Ii am la aty al Kirby. Hiddan Valva Homa, ara (artiad lour bierbi bab rad tba Spring! raid Muaar apii (att IM t i) ta tba 
Jpnagfioid Manor Subdivision (Kirby ii jail aft antiar IH 4IM , or 18-35 a p p o in t from fort Solo.) 

SAME GREAT QUALITY 
FOR OVER 3o YEARS! nr— I 

V Magic Chef 

FEDDERS CENTRAL 
HEAT and AIR 

* 

* Ob-o, i f ! 
! 3- ~L 

I 
- 
4 
I 

C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 

^ *aTAUNITY of 
- .SIY 

CUSTOM -BUILT HOM ES 

S E T IN 
= n a t u r a l b e a u } 

Ta 
^ r^ P 

A SHOW OF HOMES BY TWELVE OF SAN ANTONIO'S FINEST BUILDERS 
FOR INFORMATION CALL 828-6131 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NFWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

Northcliffe prices reduced by U.S. Home 

C L A S S # (ft) D IS H A Y 
C L y S i r i f D D ISP L A Y 
C L A S S I C O D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
C LA S SIF IE D O ISP tA Y 
H A P P ty n ■ rn 

 o r . • . H o w to live n e x t to the re ch arge lo n e an d a v o id the usual th reats. 
We’re talking about threats to investments in residential property on the recharge zone (or "aquifer ’) north of San Antonio. It s too expensive now and will be probably for the rest of this century. So don’t build your 

& home on the aquifer unless you’ve got plenty of money to burn. 
Now, you can build around the zone. But then you’re either too far out from the city or too close in to the city. By too close" we mean that when the city follows it s growth plan and incorporates northward, taxes on the 

So. What is the idea* situation if you wont to make a good home tract investment inexpensively in the beautiful aquifer setting, be close to.everything worthwhile on the northside, view both the mountains of Blanco and the Tower of the Americas on a d e a r 
^ d a and not have to fight with the 

 typical rocky ground to build your home’ 
TM£ O b i l Y 
SENSIBLE A N S W E R IS 

* J 
TIMBERWOOD 
PARK 

Only s«v«n miles out Son Pedro from loop 16o4 in an areo N O T on the aquifer, this new development is surrounded by 

 it on three sides, its unique surroundings almost defy annexation. 

 fo r complete information please come by Timberwood Development Company at 15315 San Pedro. Or call (51 2) 494*5237 

U S. Home Corp. is making impressive pro­ gress on its 18-hole, tour- nament-quality golf course for Northcliffe. an exclusive residential ar­ ea comprised of ample amenities and three dif­ ferent sectors off N E. Ill 
35 just north of Hubertus 
Road. 
The $15o million deve­ lopment plans to open its 
$2 million golf course in either late July or early 
August. “ There’s just enough of the 
Hill 
Country’s rolling terrain to make the Northcliffe course look and play beautifully,” according to its world-famous de­ signer, Joseph S. Finger of Joseph S. Finger & 
Associates, Golf Course 
Architects and engin­ eers. 
Community 

Surrounded by the natural beauty and ex­ quisite environment the golf course will create are homes in Northcliffe 
Country Club Estates which are priced from as low as $82,5oo upward to 
$1o3,ooo. 
The homes are planned for perfect enhancement by the golf course and have striking features to match. They include gourmet kitchens, luxury appointments in master baths and double fire­ places with a view from master suites and dens. 
Buyers, in many cases, 

NORTHCLIFFE Country Club to be focal point o f course 

 will have choices of co­ lors for paint, carpet, formica and wallpaper, as well as selection in roof and brick 
These 
U.S. 
Homes houses boast the en­ ergy-saving features that include gray tint solar glass windows, pre­ cision-fitted steel doors insulated and weather­ stripped magnetically, insulated foil-back sheathing and an energy-of f icien t, a 11 -el ec- 

CLA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D IS P L A Y 

SIX W A Y S OF SA Y IN G 

 i t San Antonio, w e ’re glad to be here.” 

This w e e k e n d U S H om e has decided to su b stan tially reduce the dow n p a ym e n ts on six conventionally financed hom es in fabu lou s 
North* d iffe C ou ntry Club Estates. W e ’d lik e to sh o w you w h a t w e m e a n by sa y in g U.S. H om e is “ w orth com ing h o m e to.” 

73A% 
C O N V E N T IO N A L 
F IN A N - 
O N G !! N O C L O S IN G COSTS!! 
N O P A Y M E N T ’TIL SEPTEMBER!! 

$ 3 5 o o C O N V . M O V E -IN !! 
NO PAYMENT ’TIL N O V EM BER !! 

SOX’!*** mm 

& , 4 -4 

THE FRENCH 

*63,95o 
• ‘‘Snug Home" insulation features 
• 1oo% Brick Construction 
• 
Handcrafted 
Woodburning 
Fireplace 
• Lighted Patio 

- v V f : v - 

\ „ 
• Beamed Cathedral Ceiling 
I v r V .7 
• Ornate wrought iron framing master bath 
• Wet Bar 
• Color coordinated built-in kitchen oven & counter top range 

C O M E O UT A N D SEE THOSE OTHER 
FOUR SPECIALLY PRICED H O M ES. 
THIS W EEK EN D O N LY ! 

 arch entry to 

 includes dbl. wall 

THE H O U ST O N IA N 

Fairw ay living at its finest! 

*68,5oo 

• “Snug 
Home” insulation features 
• 1 o o % 
Brick 
Con­ struction 
• Handcrafted 
Wood- burning Fireplace 
• Detached Two Car Garage 
• Color-coordinated built-in kitchen w/dbl. wall oven & counter top range 
• Window seats & plant areas 
• Choice of shag, sculptured or plush pile carpet 
Beamed cathedral ceiling 

These lovely hom es are surrounded by an 18 hole go lf course and are next door to a tri-level country club with professional tennis courts and an o lym ­ pic size sw im m ing pool. 

<4 L W 
*o*-. 
“ WE TRADE!” 

DIRECTIONS: Drive IH-3S North 6.5 mr. post loop 16o4 to Exit 11o3. Follow signs. 

NORTHCLIFFE 

C O U N T R Y CLUB ESTATES 

O PEN D A ILY 9 TO 9 
659-1261 o r 625-9175 us-Home I 

•LISTED O N THE N EW YO RK ST O C K EXCHANGE. 

W O R T H C O M IN G H O M E TO 
J 

Irk* air conditioning and heating system. 
As an introductory offer to San Antonians from U.S. Home Corp., down payments on a number of these North­ cliffe 
Country 
Club 
Estates homes have been reduced substantially to make the luxury, leis­ urely lifestyle they create even more affordable. 
To own all this by such an elaborate golf course is possible nowhere else but at 
Northcliffe 
Country Club Estates. 
This golf course will be so exclusive that more than 75o trees in 24 dif­ ferent varieties will be featured on the fairways. 
They will be carefully positioned so that, in a few years, the trees will have a marked effect on the appearance and play of the course. 
In addition to the trees, the course will have four lakes, several traps and hazards so that "it will he challenging for the average golfer, yet still competitive from the back trees for the very fine golfer,” remarked 
Finger. 
The first and loth tees are adjacent to the 
Northcliffe Clubhouse, and the? golf course is laid out in a returning nine — figure 8 — formation with Northcliffe Country 
Club Estates lots located even inside the two loops. 
An underground golf cart crossing will enable the golfer to quickly, sa­ fely cross to the 1oth tee located across Country 
Club Boulevard. 
The golf course is part of a unique amenity pro­ gram that will provide the residents with an ex­ citing selection of tennis, golf, swimming and all- around country club liv­ ing. 

The focal point of the residential community and the Northcliffe Golf 
Course will he the three-story, 8,ooo sq, ft. clubhouse located on 
County Club Drive. Tin1 clubhouse contains a restaurant, bar, pro shop and locker rooms with the food and drink ser­ vices open to the public as well as to members. 
The other two sectors of Northcliffe are North­ cliffe East, with U.S. 
Home houses priced from 
$27,5oo, and Northcliffe, with homes priced from 
$43,5oo. Together, the three present 13 fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes for all to see. 
Northcliffe, 
U.S. 
Home’s one-of-a-kind community, is reached most easily by proceed­ ing north on N.E. Ill 35 to its Cibolo-Hubcrtus exit and thereafter following signs leading to the striking marbled foun­ tain entranceway with palm trees. 

REESE H E N R Y 
Convention has Henry as president 

Reese Henry of San 
Antonio, president of the 
Texas Association of 
Realtors, will call the annual TAR convention to order Wednesday, 
June 8, in the Dallas 
Hilton Hotel, with more than 1,5oo delegates and guests in attendance. 
Henry, prominent builder-developer-broker will be presiding over numerous activities ranging from committee meetings and panel dis­ cussions to the Saturday morning, June ll, major address by U.S. Sen. 
John Tower. 

Hard line 

Tower, who has been taking a hard line posi­ tion against much of 
President Carter’s en­ ergy legislation, will be talking on the latest Con­ gressional actions of particular interest to the 
Realtors. 

Tower’s talk is expecte to raw a large crowd be­ cause of his status in 
Congress as a senior member of the Republi­ can party. 

Joining Henry at the convention from this area will be Guy Chipman Jr., past president of the San 
Antonio Board of Real­ tors 
(SA BO R I and former vice president of 
TAR; Ray Ragsdill, SA- 
BOR president; Marvin 
Kline, past SABOR pre­ sident; Alice Bonsignore; 
Mazie Sale Hill, past SA­ 

BOR president; and Bob 
Jones, a member of the 
Texas Real Estate Com­ mission. Other San An­ tonio Realtors will be in­ volved in committee meetings and directors sessions. 

One of the biggest at­ tractions at the conven­ tion will probably be 
Wednesday, when Don 
Wiedmann of San Diego heads an all-day market­ ing session. Wiedmann is first vice president of the 
California Association of 
Realtors. Tom Hopkins, 
Danielle Kennedy and 
Danny Cox also will be or the marketing speakers list. Hopkins is a sales consultant and manage­ ment specialist from 
Phoenix. Kennedy and 
Cox work with Hopkins. 

Ira Gribin of Encino, 
Calif., a noted real estate educator, will be fea­ tured at a special session of the members of the 
Texas Women’s Council and the Realtors National 
Marketing 
Institute 
Thursday afternoon. 

Henry will be chairing the Saturday morning session to elect 1978 of­ ficers of the 
35,ooo-member associa­ tion. Wallace A. Moritz of 
San Angelo is expected to be chosen for next year’s top job; George Sandlin of Austin, first vice pre­ sident. The new officers take over the reins in 
January, 1978. 

1 
Ray Ellison is moving quickly to meet the demand for new homes in the north­ western quadrant of 
San Antonio. M a r­ shall Meadows has the virtues of an es­ tablished community but is now boasting a new look in fine Ray 
Ellison homes, just minutes from the new 
Ingram Mall. 
I 

Ellison starts homes in Marshall Meadows 

Marshall Meadows, un established community in the northwestern qua­ drant of Bexar County, will soon be open to the home buying public as 
Ray Elliso n ’s newest development of new homes. 

Marshall Meadows lias all the advantages of country life, along with many of the conveniences that go with one of tin1 best locations in Bexar 

County: the heart of the northwest. 
Ray Ellison is bringing exciting designs and in­ novative floor plans to 
Marshall Meadows, and the construction is hot and heavy as crews tar­ get their efforts to fin­ ishing new homes for the families already visiting the new community to select their new homesites. 
Beginning this week­ end. 
Ellison sales 

 representatives will be on duty in Marshall 
Meadows to assist the home buyers, even though the first model home and sales office is not fully completed. 

M arshall 
Meadows* location is of prime im­ portance to the working man or woman who hap­ pens to work at UTSA, or the medical school, or 
USAA, or Datapoint or any of the bustling bu- 

GREEN SPRING VALLEY features ‘Nature Park* 
Green Spring Valley creates ‘Nature Park’ 

Green Spring Valley lets you express yourself. 
First, you select one of its beautiful homesites; then, appoint the builder of your own choice to construct your dream home. 

Nature Park 

What a wonderful place 
Green Spring Valley is tor your dream home. 
One reason is that this prestige community of strikingly handsome contemporary homes en­ joys, all to itself, a 
3o-acre 
Nature 
Park virtually unspoiled with giant oak trees and open green meadows. 
Green Spring Valley developers have put in a spectacular swim in i tig pool complete with wa­ terfall, rock-lined walk­ ways and an island in the middle, as well as th ref1 professional size lighted tennis courts fenced in with nylon nets that keep balls from getting lost yet don’t block the view. 
Also, a spacious rock and redwood party cabana has full facilities for so­ cial doings. 
Homesites at Green 
Spring Valley are almost miniature Nature Parks in themselves: many have oak groves; others, graced by splendid old trees. 
The rolling terrain offers site purchasers an exciting opportunity to build homes of true ori­ ginality and distinction, taking full advantage of tree placement and slopes. A purchaser may select his own builder or one of the builders of the impressive homes a l­ ready completed at the subdivision. 
Located only 6.2 miles and about nine minutes north of N.E. Loop 41o on 

Wetmore Road. Green 
Spring Valley is near everything: country clubs (Canyon Creek and 
Thousand Oaks); North 
East District schools, in­ cluding Regency Place 
Elem entary, 
Garner 
Middle and McArthur 
High, with a fourth school scheduled for fu­ ture construction; shop­ ping at North Star and 
Central Park Malls; post office; and hospital. In addition, land has been set aside, alongside 
Green Spring Valley, for commercial tenants such as convenience stores. 
Green Spring Valiev’s location is advantageous for yet another important reason: although it lies just outside the San An­ tonio city line so no city taxes need be paid, resi­ dents still enjoy county- maintained roads as well as city water and sewer lines. This situation is expected to continue for the next few years until the area is annexed into the city proper. In the meantime, however, re­ sidents are saving about 
$31) a month in taxes (on the basis of a $5o,OOO house). 
Safety rates high on 
Green Spring V alley’s list of priorities. Street layout, for example, is designed to minimize traffic volume, and, par­ ents of young children should note, the Nature 
Park can be reached from any part of the community without crossing any major streets. In addition, the entire area is patrolled nightly by security guards. 
Homesites at Green 
Spring Valley start at 
$8,ooo; those adjacent to the Nature Park range from $15,ooo to $17,ooo. 
Visitors are cordially in­ 

 vited to “ come out and see what Hill Country living is like’’ and to look over the desirable home­ sites still available. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 si nesses and firms in the northwestern quadrant 
Fo r those who care about education for their children, schools of the excellent Northside Dis­ trict provide exciting academic and social pro­ grams. Marshall High is within walking distance. 
Of course, each home constructed in Marshall 
Meadows will contain the exclusive Ellison en­ ergy-saving package de­ signed to save Va or even more on utility costs. The energy package consists of extra insulation in ceiling and walls; dou- ble-paned windows; special caulking and sealant plus interlocking thresholds; power attic ventilators; and energy- efficient air conditioning and heating systems. 
Ray Ellison's Marshall 
Meadows has it all: quality construction throughout and surely one of the finest locations in town. Soon, a short drive will take you from 
Marshall Meadows to San 
Antonio’s newest and largest shopping facility, 
The Ingram Mall, only minutes away. lf you would like to vi­ sit this new community of Ray Ellison homes in the northwestern qua­ drant, drive out Bandera 
Road to Eckert Road 
(EM 1517), turn right and follow signs to Marshall 
Meadows. It’s the kind of place you’ve been looking for and with the kind of home you need. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Have Yea Heard About 
Marshal 
Meadow® 

THE CAPRICE 

LISTEN TO THIS... 

Tucked away in a serene part of NORTHWEST 
San Antonio is an established neighborhood of fine homes . . . Marshall Meadows! Right across the street is John Marshall High School, one of the city's finest. 

Here we're adding the finest. . . 
Ray Ellison homes! NOW UNDER 
CONSTRUCTION, are exciting new de­ signs and floor plans with the latest in­ novative features . . . 

 the EXCLUSIVE ELLISON 
ENERGY PACKAGE and the famous 
Litton MICROWAVE OVENS combining the conven­ ience of conventional and microwave cook­ ing in one self-cleaning unit. 

'Based on V A purchase price of $41,5oo, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8!4% annual financing. 
Principal and Interest 
$319.14 
Taxes 
7o.1 I 
(No!) City Taxes 
-o- 
Insurance 
2o.75 
TO TAL M O N TH LY PA YM EN T 
$41o.oo 

 lf you haven't heard about Marshall 
Meadows, you owe it to yourself to 

 discover this exciting jig LITTON new community today! 
Microwave C ooking 

OPEN D A ILY U N T IL A FTER DARK 
684-691o 
I& 

(Q U A I MOUSING 
OPPORTUNITY 
R ay Ellison Homes 

P.O. Box 525o San Antonio, Texas 782o1 

Take away our beautiful homes and what h ave you got? 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

JU N E SCHED ULE OF CLASSES 
5 Day 
Principles of R E 
2o1 
3o1 
Practice of R E 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 
Principles of R E 
2 Weekend 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
6o1 
Appraising R E 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
8 Night 
3o1 
Practice of K E 

June 6 - IO 
June 13 -17 
June 2o - 24 
June 27 - July I 

June 4 - 12 
June 11-19 
June 18 - 26 

June 6,7,8,13,14, 
15,2o,&21 
American College of Real Estate, Inc. 

46So W A LZ EL RD. SAN ANTONIO. TX 78218 ( S I J ) 653-7771 

Now you can choose a homesite in an established prestige community. Green 
Spring Valley. 

Buy now. Build later. Take up to two years and use the builder of your choice. 

Here you can find a con­ temporary neighborhood blended skillfully into the 
Texas landscape. 

Here you will see a 3o-acre nature park set aside for you. 
As well as tennis courts, a water-fall swimming pool complex, party cabana and the most exciting contem­ porary homes in San 
Antonio. 

With proximity to country clubs, Northeast schools, shopping centers and free­ ways, if you must venture outside Green Spring Valley. 

Homesites from $8,ooo 

Com e walk these wooded hom esites and bring your 
Dream Home one step closer to reality. 

Wooded homesites now available at 
Green Spring Valley 

Obtain the H U D. Property Report from developer and read it before signing anything. H U D. neither approves the merits of the offering nor the value, if any. of the property as an investment. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW 5— -Sunday June 5 1977 

Marketed Exclusively by Deanie Owens Co., 
REALTORS for Sitterle and Companies 
696-3838 

A TOTALLY NEW LIFESTYLE AWAITS YOU. 

Enter the world of Mission Trace and enter a world in itself. This unique garden home community is proud to announce that Sitterle and Companies, top San 
Antonio home builders, are creating custom garden homes in Mission Trace. In this garden hideaway you'll find total privacy, including 24 hour security for re­ stricted entry into the development. Plus, year round maintenance that insures a constant professional landscaping image for the entire area. In addition, you'll find that Mission Trace is truly pedestrian ori­ ented with private streets, and w alkw ays throughout the tree studded terrain. You'll also enjoy swimming and tennis in the secure M is­ sion Trace atmosphere. 
Bring the outdoors in with a choice of a dis­ tinctively different Sitterle floor plans in 2 or 3 bedroom variations. High beam and vaulted ceilings highlight overly spacious living areas, great for relaxing or entertaining. Single or multi-level plans are available, too. Today, view 
4 of the most Beautiful furnished garden Home models in the entire San Antonio area. At M is­ sion Trace. 

 f M l s s i o t t . E fface 
696-3838 

. The ch arm and grace of Mediterranean styling for patio homes in Royal 
Ridge are still being of­ fered in two plans which carry 1976 prices. 
The 
W in d crest 
Development Co. patio homes, how ever, soon will in trodu ce seven plans with prices neces­ sarily h ig h er, all of which makes this week­ end the one to look into the patio homes actually with prices of yesteryear. 
High value 

Besides the rare beauty of these patio homes, the high quality of building m aterials they contain makes the 1976 prices an even greater bargain. 
These “ Energy Craft­ ed” homes boast more than 2o en erg y -sav in g products and co n stru c­ tion techniques that re­ duce the daily workload and save owners a signi­ ficant amount of money in both the cost of oper­ ating utilities and gener­ al maintenance. 
Attention to the many details enhances every aspect of these magnifi­ cent two-, th ree- and four-bedroom patio homes. With the a ssis­ tance of Windcrest Deve­ lopment’s professionals, each owner decorates his or her home with colors, p attern s and tex tu res that re fle ct the indivi­ d ual’s p erson ality and taste. 
Extravagant, luxurious styling of both practica­ lity and economy — all of these and more — merely hint at what a patio home really is all about. It’s an exciting hom e, a quiet home full of the most up to date products and fea­ tures. 
Proven sound-deaden­ ing common walls; a tru­ ly private patio; and fully 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Beauty and the Beast 

These are the only strings attached to your new lifestyle at 
Woodbridge. 

This is where you take a firm grip on fun and relaxation. 

This is the motor that makes more noise than your mother-in-law. 

These are the wheels that roll and roll and roll and roll and roll . 

When you move up to 
Woodbridge, be prepared to trade your yard work for yard fun. Because at 
Woodbridge, we handle the lawn mower while you handle the tennis racket. 
And the swimming pools. 
And the party rooms. 

OS 
Interstate 41o r 
X 

- c ^ 

<r 

* 
V 

 wooowdqe 
TOWCMES 

§ 
Al 

 ac 
I a 

Eisenhauer 

G arraty Rd. 

 as 
B 
3 
S 

I 
— — P* X 

^ A n t o n i o 
^ X f o r t Sam 
Country C lu b 
Houston 

Woodbridge offers 2 ,3, and 4 bedroom units with 
2l/i and 3V2 baths. Inside, touches of the "good life" include cathedral ceilings, patios, fireplaces, tiled dining rooms and kitchens. The outside features two swimming 

 pools, lighted tennis courts, balconies with incredible views of the city, and professionally landscaped and maintained lawns. 
So trade in your lawn mower for a tennis racket and . . . 

C o m e jo in th e O t h e r H a l f 

TOWNHOMES 
From $47,5oo - $85,ooo • 31o3 Eisenhauer Road 826-63o1 
Office and models open from IO a.m. to dark seven days a week. 

 finished, oversized real entry garage with elec­ tric door openers are but a few of the more desira­ ble elements included. 
Insulation beyond be­ lief (double in the exter­ ior walls); cedar shake roofs; dual pane win­ dows; steel-encased, in­ sulated exterio r doors with m ag n etic weatherstripping; and a yard full of grass (not just sprigged), shrubs, trees and fencing make up splendid features of 
Royal Ridge patio homes. 

The ideal location of 
Royal Ridge is conven­ ient to all areas of San 
Antonio. It is equi-distant from Fort Sam Houston and Randolph AFB, just m inutes from W indsor 
Park Mall. Children at­ tend Windcrest Elem en­ tary, White Middle and 
Roosevelt High Schools, each in the preferable 
North East District. 

The patio homes in this area a re also located n e ar the co m m u n ity ’s clubhouse and pool. . 
Everyone is invited to view the patio hom es. 
Drive north on N.E. III 35 to O’Connor Road. Turn south on O’Connor to 
Royal Ridge Drive (three blocks) and follow the model home signs. Hours are from IO a .m . to 7 

 p . m . 

Cool heat 
If you have one of those new-fangled heat pumps, don’t be dismayed that the air coming out of the re g is te r d oesn ’t feel warm. Instead of the 14o° we normally expect from a warm air register, the heat pump supplies air to the rooms at about 1oo°. 
This will gradually bring the room up to tempera­ ture, so be patient, ad­ vises the B e tte r H eat­ ing-Cooling Council. 

R O Y A L RIDG E p atio h om es carry 

. iSji. 
[ast y e a r’s prices 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I'm Buddy Burns. And I'd like to shed some licht on your 
O ld home If your home is 
5 years old or older, chances are it's obsolete. 
That’s right, obsolete. Be­ cause at the time your home was built, there were virtually no energy-effi ciency standards As a result, many San Antonians are faced with utility bills that may soon exceed their house payments! 

Why NOW’ Is The Time To Buy. 
Let s look at the facts. Since you invested in your home a few years ago, two things have hap­ pened For one, you've been making house payments for sev­ eral years, so your equity has grown. Too, since the cost of building a new home has stead­ ily increased, the cost of replac­ ing your home has increased. 
BUT, because your old home isn't energy efficient, it wastes valuable energy. And believe it or not, homeowners around the country are actually beginning to lose money when they sell their older homes. Because no­ 

 body wants to buy a home where the cost of heating and cooling sayments. iga exceeds the monthly na 
My advice is this: With the money you can make by selling your old home right now, you tan probably m ake the dow n payment and move into a new 
Barns Co. rower Saver* home today. And, while your house payments may be a little higher, the lower utility bills should easily offset the difference The only thing you can't afford to do is wait much longer. 

 mg and cabinetry, and wood- burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
"wife saver'' kitchens, with 
General Llectric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. Luxu­ rious baths with marble vanities and full size tubs And elegant master suites, with walk-in closets and separate dressing areas Priced from $46,(XX) to 
$6$,OOO. For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor Re member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose. 

Come See My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ noon to see my new Power 
Saver” homes in Hidden forest and The Great Northwest 
You'll see handsome living areas, with plush deep pile carpet, furniture-finished panel 
Miuu.ce- 

I I H i I Radium, San Antonio, 
Texas 78216 

Power Saver ll* MinJel Home ar 
M7o6 Timbcrwilde in The 
Great Northwest, 

/ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday June 5 1977 Sitterle opens Burning Tree 

FORREST GLEN homes feature choice northwestern locale 
Windsor Homes presents houses in Forrest Glen 

Northwestern Sun An­ tonio offers many incen­ tives to new home buyers. For example, 
Forrest Glen presents new quality-built Wind­ sor homes priced from 
$34.(KHI to $39,95(1. 
That means monthly payments as low as $331 when based on a VA pur­ chase price of $34,ooo, no down payment, 36o equal monthly payments and at 
Kl-, per cent annual fin­ ancing. 
This home includes en­ ergy-saving features that 

 w ill save you m on ey to­ d ay and to m o rro w . Its lovely decorator-coordin­ ated in terio r features ex­ quisite carp etin g , a fire ­ place and cen tra l a ir and h eat. 
M a g ic C h e f a p ­ p lia n ce s in th e k itch e n in clu d e e le c t r ic ra n g e , ven t hood, d is h w a s h e r and disposer. 
This is just one of the new 
W in d s o r h o m es y o u ’ll fin d in F o r r e s t 
Glen this weekend 
W in d s o r h om es s u r ­ round you w ith q u a lity , luxury and convenience. 

Homebuilders Brokers Corp. announces sales of more than $1 million for Windsor Homes during its first 45 days of operation. The recent firm specia­ lizes in complete sales service for builders. Currently it is marketing the Windsor Homes houses in Silver 
Creek of The Great Northwest, Forrest Glen and 
Bristol Place. Firm president is Bill Leeper, left, 
I 4-year veteran in real estate here. Harry Richburg, vice president, also brings many years of experience in new home sales. Last year alone he sold $3'/? million. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

Quality is emphasized; buyers would prefer to pay a little extra than have to face replace­ ments in two or three years. Thai’s why Wind­ sor Homes uses only high grade materials that will give maximal life to your home. Superb crafts­ manship and close atten­ tion to detail are more contributions to your home’s durability. 
Many people buy their new home after they’ve lived in a luxury apart­ ment for several years. 
In that time, they have grown accustomed to luxuries like carpeting, fireplaces and central air and heat; so, Windsor homes include these fea­ tures as well as some others that very, very few apartments offer: sunken living areas, cathedral ceilings, indoor utility rooms, master suites wit Ii sitting rooms and garden kitchens with serve-outs to backyard patios. 
Forrest Glen is located in the grow ing northwest. 
Less than IO minutes away are UTSA, USA A and the South Texas Me­ dical Center. Excellent 
Northside 
District schools serve the area. 
•lust a couple of min­ utes away, San Antonio’s newest — the Ingram 
Mall — is under con­ struction. 
To reach Forrest Glen, take NAV. Loop 41o to 
Culebra Road and turn north, follow the signs to 
Forrest (lien on your right 
New homes are open daily from ll) a.m. until dark. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

It ’s new, different and ex citin g. I f s lu x u ry liv ­ ing w ith an a ffo rd a b le price that aw aits you to­ day in the B u rn in g T ree com m unity of new homes by Sitte rle & Cos. 
E a c h home in B u rn in g 
T re e , lo cated off Jones- 
M a lt s b e r g e r 
R o a d between Thousand O aks 
D riv e and B lo sso m S ta ­ dium , is engineered in d i­ v id u a lly w ith an e ye toward liva b ility. 

Features 

N otice the q u ality fea­ tu res in e v e r y B u r n in g 
T ree home: w oodburning firep laces, pebble-finish patios, dou ble enclosed g a ra g e s , c e d a r s h in g le roofs, en erg y-savin g in ­ sulation and exciting new floor plans. 
But th at's just the be­ g in n in g . 
E x p e r ie n c e 
B u rn in g T ree and yo u ’ll fin d a n ew oak-shaded hom e c o m m u n ity th a t holds a great future that includes you if you w ant it. 
Q u ality is just a word to m a n y of to d a y ’s d e ­ velopers. S itte rle & Cos., how ever, know s it’s the only w ay to build. T h is hom e b u ild in g te a m , h eaded by F r a n k and 
Dan S itte rle , is the ex ­ clusive builder for B u rn ­ ing Tree. Sitterle & Cos. is proud of the reputation it has earned for building q u a lity h o m es fo r p ro ­ 

 gressive San Antonians. 
A c c o rd in g ly , S it t e r le hom e d evelo p m en ts are b u ilt w ith p rid e an d c a r e fu l p la n n in g . T h e 
B u rn in g T ree home com ­ m u n ity is th e n e w e s t c re a tio n by S it t e r le & 
Cos., w ith p articu lar e m ­ phasis given to the home features most in dem and to d a y. A g re a t d e a l of tim e, energy and m oney on the part of the b u ild er has gone into p reservin g the n a tu ra l oak-shaded en viron m en t of B u rn in g 
T re e . W h o le n e ig h b o r ­ hoods h a v e been d e ­ signed around the larg e oak trees that flourish in 
B u rn in g Tree. 
B e a n ie 
O w e n s 
C o ., 
R ealtors, is interested in m arketing only the finest hom e d evelopm ents; so, 
B u rn in g T ree is a n atural fo r the in d e p e n d e n tly owned re a l estate firm chosen as the e x c lu sive m ark etin g agent for the new home com m unity. 
W hen you visit B u rn in g 
T re e , you c a ll e x p e c t courteous knowledgeable s e r v ic e fro m th e 
“ professionals in the red c o a ts .” B e a n ie O w e n s 
Co. m a r k e tin g a g e n ts w ill prov ide you w ith all the inform ation and g u i­ dance you’ll need during y o u r v is it to B u r n in g 
Tree. 
B e a n ie 
O w en s 
C o ., 
Realtors, w ill feature the h o m es th is w e e k e n d . 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

Presenting 
- i m itm >fi“ 

Where 
Mike 
Kinder has 

 translated your dream into 

 reality, 

IN 

OAK VALLEY 

Designed for the ultimate casual elegance. 

Beautifully Landscaped Courtyard For Entertaining, Soaring Cathedral Ceilings, 

Massive Double Fireplace, Private Master Suite, Spacious Bedrooms, Garden 

Kitchen, Large Family Room, Utility-sewing Room, and much more.51 1 5 ,o o o 

Seven Models Open For 

Your Inspection 

I mi. North of Loop 41o out Vance Jackson 

An Exclusive Design By 

Mike Kinder, builder 

696-833o 

 tpsrtmenf filling 

A Sitterle Home In 
Oak Meadow...Your 
Key To A New Life. 

TUCKED AWAT 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM IO 
AOUIT A FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-1 7oo 

49o9 WOOOSTONE 

SUnHJJUISR 

25S4 Northeast loop 41o 
656 I 222 

CT ;.. 
/ M y r/ v ; 
. : i 

’ 
'/ 
/•—^ 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
69o-832o 
3 
CH ANG IN G CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT it VI NG 
o Eh M A D R IS 
APARTMENTS 

• W asher Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 
696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

The 
• 

T k rm n ia n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd 

7J2-MI1 h w S & h j 

® 
Candot aoartmnnts 

• Spacious 1,2,3 bd. 
• Close to Ft. Sam & Randolph 
' 

8ooo Midcrown 
655-881o 

A p a rtm e n t C o m m u n ity 
TV MONITORfO SECURITY —GARDIN PATIOS 
UIIIWOUV flue FROM - GYM « ‘AUNA' 
2 3 BDR 
I S 2 BATH 
SI 85 $275 (Furn. Add.) UTILITIES PD. 
2o1 I BANDERA RO 
434 4191 
B e N c .e n H illcre s t A C a lla g h a n 
A A ob R o ts A p a rtm e n t C ,im m u n ity 

I U 
SOUTHSIDE 

™ T h e Aristocrat Apts. 

Modern I Bd Apts 

$165 Unfurnished - Furnished Avail. 

555 Hutchins 
927-4141 

A M A C Managed Property 

© n MIR ADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3 2 4 3 
Nacogdoches 

 t» a t x o c b 
Jjc n o r t h 

APARTMENTS 

Country Living in 

 the City 

I bedroom 
Apts now available furnished or 
Unfurnished 

6 miles north of loop 41o on Babcock, torn left at 
Springtime 

6542 Spring Branch 
69o-146o 

/f\W a k e fie Id-Stardust 

A p a rtm e n ts 

I , 2, 3 B e d ro o m A pts. 
S I 8o-535o 

Across Rector from N. Star Mall 

85o6 W akefield 

Separate Family & Adult Sections 

344-4558 m 
Aluncy>rU **t Ojtwr T y a 

© 

I Iii* 
«>| a 3»«-«s i i I i I i i I 

\t*w I i IV * Iy Ie 

12221 Blanco Road 
4 9 2 - 2 1 7 1 

From 

* 1 8 ? 

© LA PLAZA APTS. 
“ T E N N IS W O R L D ' 
• "ACQUIT**!!. HI ALTH ANO I * ItCISI CIU* 
• AOUIT AND • **8ll Y SKTIONS 
• lUtNISHO ANO UNFUtNISHIO *e*(T*8INTS 
UTlllTIIS 8*1o 
NortMCAsr schools tus soviet 
• NO.TH ST** ANO CINTRAI PASK MAU API* 
'15 N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

711o Wurzbach at Babcock 
N e x t d o o r to M e d ic a l C e n te r 

6 9 6 - 3851 

© f o r e s t O a k s 

Apartments 

2 Bedroom Apts. 

From s226-$263 

6313 Evers 
684-47 55 

I rf?)WATER w 
SCAPED 

APARTMENTS 

1946 N T . Loop 41o 

Lf€5ty*by 
(Harry Wuribach Exit) 
I [3 GFF INVESTORS 
826-2355 

IT W 

NOB 
HIU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IH IO 

7626 Callaghan Road/349-121 J 

© The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different Floor plans — 
All with potios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 

1543 Babcock 
34 1-2228 

© 
TARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE A S ITS NAM E r on vc nu NT inr.ririN .no U UHUH paid 

8o51 Broadway 

824-oo61 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 

828-7393 

The H U IT T A A I 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT C O M M O 
NITY WITH A PO O L IN EACH COURT 
YARD 
HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 4 )o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JONES-MAITSBERGER 
3 4 1 - 3 1 2 6 

V^JOKPOIBT 

H OM ESTYLE APARM ENT 
LIVIN G 

4 5 I 5 Gardendale 
691-1o44 

 r n a n o n 

B a r r i n g t o n 

6 5 3 - 5 3 o o 

NORTHEAST 

R P p a n t m « n t s 

• Jr. I I.C ro o m 
• turn. A Wnlur tithed 

• One led ro om Larger • P<xjl A Laundry 

• Two Bedroom . 
• Single le ve l. P rivate Po lio 

6 5 6 - 2 1 1 6 

71o6 Glen Terrace (Gose to Randolph Area]__ 

■Advantages of A Hom e with The 
Conveniences of R en tin g " to 
Information 
Call 674-7oo4 

LINDA APTS. 

235 H O W A R D o ff I IO O N . M A IN 

I & 2 B E D R O O M S 

2 Blocks Baptist Medical Prcfec'ional Bldq 
Metropolitan Hospital & Main Bank 

2*6-f.492 

J atm tric e d 

A N A O U IT A P A R T M E N T C O M M U N IT Y 
ALL AMENITIES • O N BUS LINE • ONE 
BLOCK FROM ST MARY'S e ONE BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING • FURN. ADD. 
I, 2 4 3 BDR. 
$18o to $245 
UTILITIES PAID 

33o1 W 
W O O D L A W N 
434 9394 
A Bob Ross Apartment Community________ 

NORTHEAST A REA 

 cPerrin <?laza 

I & 2 BD R. A T O W N H O U S E S 
Garden opts. with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 
P e rr in - B e ite l Rd. 
6 5 5 - / 1 2 2 

oFRENCH CHALET 

165o JA C K SO N KELLER 

THE U LT IM A T E A P A R T M E N T 
C O M M U N IT Y 

344-4616 
©Pork 
Village: ngfimrntM 
Apartment* 

• WINDSOR PARK MAU i e NORTHEAST SCHOOLS e FURNISHED OR 
UNFURNISHED 
PAID UTILITIES 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOLS A PARTY ROOM, 
483o Ray Bon Drive I 
. 653-73oo 

W estchester 

Apartm ents 

 eff., I, 2, 3 Bd. from $16o 

 f un. m in it to I ort ''mu ami K.Aii.t.*lf»|i 
I 111 Austin Hwy. 
828-41o5 

A MAC M anaged Property 

T e r r a 

.’ »URN S.ijNftJfto 

 riff Ai (Off ( O u t .ti Si 

ANI) M U G I NT V 

I T A 

411 EVEREST 
828-533o 
o 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 

BLANCO AT JACKSON KEILER 
7543 SOUTH SEA LANE 
341-6251 

© C o u n t r y V illa g e 

Apartments 

I block off Broadway at 41o 

I. 2, 3 b ed ro o m s from 8169 

8446 Country V illage . 
828-5721 

A MAC Managed Property 

I r 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5, 1977 
Page I T -P 

 t Z a r 
T 
\Fa A 

SANANTONIO 
EXPRESS-NEWS CLASSIFIEDS 
225-1666] 

U 
U m u o b i i i a m 
W 
M ____ 
Itll SUCIU NOTICES 
11O - SPECIAL NOTICES lid SPECIAL NOTICES 
11O SPECIAL NOTICES 
HO SPECIAL NOTICES 
HO SPECIAL M U U S 

 t f x 
- r n 

 rf r tr ir HH H fttTttWf 

K 
* 

& ' ' 

*■• V # » Vr 
I i i • 

> I-:-:-*----’' :: 

DRIVE CAREFULLY 
CHOOL IS OUT! 

N o w that school is closing for the sum m er, children will be out in the streets and they w o n ’t a lw a y s be careful of oncom ing cars. It w ill be yo u r responsibility to be e x tra careful and ale rt a t all tim es. You certainly w ould not w ant to be the cause of b rin gin g som e child’s su m m er vacation to a screeching halt. 

P IL G R IM SC H O O L 
We Offer 

* Ages 2-12 
Kindergarten $45 mo. 
* First Grade $7o mo. 
(Including Lunch & Supplies) 
* Day Care $95 mo. 
After pulbic school $35 mo. 
State Licensed 
* Qualified Staff * Limited Classes 
Hot Noon Meal * Snacks 
* Music and Motor Skills 
* Arts & Crafts 
* Swimming & Horseback & Tennis 
Gymnastics. Skating & Dancing 
Lessons 
* Modern Math * Phonics 
Language Development 
Field Trips 
* V ISIT US 
SO O N ! 

 t), 
'U h - 
•rei 
'n r . 
« o S 

O i l 
5oo Pilgrim Dr 
344-4579 
. 
A NON PROFIT CH lJR&fSCH OOL 
ENROLL MOW I V . V S ; 

[ 

Dwight P. Hawkins 

3319 Blanco Rd. v 

733-8151 
W ' 
“State Farm has LIFF insurance, too! Call me for details.” 

Like a good neighbor. 
State Farm is there 

I 4> 1 V ~ 
•» ' S . -t 
- -f, 3 * . f, — 

CYSTIC FIBROSIS 
FOUNDATION 
LONE STAR CHAPTER 

FIGHTING CHILDREN’S LUNG DISEASE 
CONCERNED ABOUT OUT CHILDREN. 
4414 CENTERVIEW DR. 
SUITE 295 
732-2o11 

SH A K E Y ’S P IZ Z A PARLOR 
4 3 1 5 FR ED ER IC K SB U R G RD. 
7 3 2 - 8 1 6 1 
MANAGER, MARIE VAIDEZ 
ASS T MANAGER, KEVIN JOUY 

NEWBY’S HAIR STYLING 
Many Locations For Your Convenience. 

M A IN OFFICE 
349-2272 

EDGEW OOD INDEPENDENT 
SCHOOL DISTRICT 

“ DR/VE SAFELY THIS S U M M E R ” 

PRINCIPAL: RUBEN LOPEZ 

COORDINATED CHILD CARE COUNCIL 

“ D R IV E SAFELY THIS S U M M E R " 
I I 8 B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 4 -4 o 9 1 

DIRECTOR: PAU L J IM IG 

S L O W L Y BUT SU RELY 
D R IV E SAFELY 
NORTHSIDE INDEPENDENT 
SCHOOL DISTRICT 

KENNEDY H 

DRIVE SAFELY 

P R IN C IP A L : TOI 

IGH SCHOOL 

THIS SUMMER! 

N Y R O D R IG U E Z 

MONTALONGO LUMBER CO. 

“ D RIV E C A REFU LLY THIS 
S U M M E R " 
HAVE A NICE VACATIO N ! 

BLAIR S PAINT & BODY WORKS 
“ SA T ISF A C T IO N G U A R A N T E E D " 
1 4 1 o N. C O L O R A D O AT IH IO 

7 3 3 - 9 1 1 4 

CANLEN HOUSE APARTMENTS 
“M ONTH TO M ONTH L E A S E S “ 
421o FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

7 3 5 - 8 7 6 7 
M A N A G ER : M A X IN E METZGER 

J U D S O N IN D E P E N D E N T 
S C H O O L DISTRICT 

“ D R IV E SAFELY THIS S U M M E R ’’ 

J.S. UPHOLSTERY 

M M 
M i11 r ‘|i11 i i i i IR ■ 
93o RU IZ 
222-8^o89 

LARGE SECTION OF FABRICS 

H. T. LAWLER & SON INC. 
BAKERY EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES 
ORDER DEPT — 731 PEREZ — 223-5681 
227 S. SALAD O — 
226-6552 

. M I E « A U N O X A A S K O I I A T E N 
M IK E DOYLE 
“BEST A LL -A R O U N D AGENT" 
DUE TO HIS HIOH QUALITY PiRFORMANCI 

BOTH IN WRITING NKW SUSIN*** * CON riNOU* SIR VICI TO HI* PRIMM! ClliNTfUI 
THI CENTURY BLDG. 
84 NE LOOP 4 1 o SUITE 381 — 342-1211 

HOWELL CO RPO RATIO N 
REFINING D IV ISIO N 

7 8 1 I SO U TH PR ESA 

5 3 3 - 8 1 1 1 

Borden Inc. 
“lf It's Borden's It s Got To Be Good' 
M ilk & Ice Cream At Your Door or At Your Store 
875 E. A SH B Y 
736-31o1 

A B B N K 
A.B. DICK C O M P A N Y 
21 o4 Manrtix 
82 8-2 8 33 
Reliable! Plqin-paper and electrofax copiers. 
■ Sale. n feppiu, 
■ tea.* 
■ Bervie. m K on Hi I* 
■ Buy 
■ C oy Flan. 

7L o o t e t ik u . s,NCt' 948 
9 * * 
R E R L T O R S 
REAL ESTATE, RENTALS AND PROPERTY MANAGEMENT 
Let u* help you with any phase of your Real Estate Needs. 
221 W. O LM O S DR. 
824-4521 

GARDNER E N G R A V IN G INC. 

ENGRAVING, SILK SCREENING 
RUBBER STAMPS DECALS PHOTO ETCHED METAL PLATE 
MAGNETIC & REALTY SIG N S 
O N E DAY SERVICE O N STAMPS 
5o7 W . HILD EBRAN D 
732-2221 

M G BUILDING MATERIAL 
COMPLETE LINE OF M ATERIALS FOR YOUR 
ENTIRE HOUSE 
PRE-FINISHED P A N ELIN G -M A T C H IN G M O U LD IN G S 
GULF STATES PAINTS 
227 N EW LAREDO H W Y 
924-51 31 

SINCE 194o 
B E D E L L 
M ANUFACTURERS OF QUALITY 
TRUCK BODIES & TRAILERS a VANS • REEFERS 
• STAKES a PLATFORMS 
• HYoRAUUC GATES 
TRUCK & TRAILER Repairs-Service-M odlfications 
151o S. FLORES ST. 
2 2 6-6 3 18 

SCHILO’S DELICATESSEN 
“ K N O W N THROUGHOUT THE SOUTHWEST 
A S ONE O N THE BETTER PLACES TO EAT" 
N O W SER VIN G BREAKFAST! 7:oo a.m. to IO a.m. 
TRY OUR SPECIALTY 
424 E. COM M ERCE 
22 3-6 6 92 

ABC SERVICE CO. totally Owned A Operated By Th. Straiten Brattier! 

Fiber Glass • Portable Toilets • M obile Field Ole*, a Portable Buildings 
FASTER SERVICE RADIO DISPATCHED 
RENTALS— 
S A L IS SERVICE 
722 PARKRID G E - O ft. 
3 4 1 -4 4 2 2 

SIN C E 1 9 3 9 
M U N N TRAILER 
M A R T INC. 

“ SPECIALIZING IN " 
Full line of LEASING MOBILE HOM ES 

1 2 ’ W IDE - 2 4 ' W IDE 

SALES-LEASING up to 12 yrs. financing 
1778 AU STIN H W Y . 
8 2 4 -o 3 o 2 
THE CLASSIFIED DEPARTMENT 
EXPRESS-NEWS CORPORATION 

SINCE 1932 
“ O ur 43rd Y e a r" 
COMMERCIAL A b stra c t A Title Co. 
‘‘Positive Protection Through Title insurance’* 
Miles R. Wyatt, President 
2 OFFICES TO SERVE YOU Downtown 
TOTO Alam o N ational Building 
Nortbside Office 
4o4 B roadw ay N u t’!. Bank Bldg. 

E A S T W O O D C H R IS T IA N CH U RCH 
PASTOR: REV. JA M ES M AN TO O TH 
SUNDAY SCHOOL — 9=45 A.M. 
WORSHIP SERVICE — 1o:45 A M. 
EVENING SERVICE — 7:oo P.M. 
731 RICE 
3 3 3 -9 3 6 3 

ART BEAUTY SALO N 

“SpmciaHxmd Hair C u ttin g” 

M iM B lR .N A IR R IStA R C M D IV ISIO N 
R ED KEN "•* ta Molnlraiufnf 
No. I 7417 BROADWAY 
8 2 4 -4 5 4 7 
No 7 4oo3 MCCULLOUGH 
8 2 2 -7 4 4 3 
8 2 2 -5 1 5 2 

ORDER OF THE SONS 

OF H ER M A N N 
A Fraternal Fam ily 
S I S So. St. M a r y 's 
2 2 6 -9 2 6 f 

HAVE A SAFE SUMMER! 
NORTHEAST INDEPENDENT 
SCHOOL DISTRICT 

H A V E A SAFE V A C A T IO N I 

BOYO S CAMERA SALES I SERVICE 

O W N ER: M R. A M RS. H. L. RO YO SR. 

5 1 4 IM. M A IN 
2 2 7 - 2 2 7 1 

DRIVE SAFELY THIS SU M M ER 

SOUTH SAN ANTONIO 

INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT 

CLASSIFIED 
INDEX 

HOURS 
Monday-Friday 
8 A .M .-5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES 
Monday-Thursday 
5 P.M. for following day 

Friday 
1:3o P.M. for Saturday 

Friday 
5:oo P.M. for Sunday 

Friday 
5:3o P.M. for M onday 

THE EXPRESS-N EW S CORP. ACCEPTS 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRO RS THE 
FIRST DAY OF PU BLICA TIO N O N LY . 
CLASSIFICATIONS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
REAL ESTATE 
RENTALS 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
EMPLOYMENT 
AUTOMOTIVE 
RECREATIONAL 
MOBILE HOMES 
MERCHANDISE 
PETS 
LIVESTOCK 
DEATH NOTICES 

F o r Q u ic k Results: 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

EXPRESS 
NEWS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS I 

1o8-LOSI ANO FOUND 

1o6-PERSONALS 

A NEW M A S SA G E LOCATION outside city, open 7 doys 'til 2am. 
Prof. m asseuses. 1223o IH3S N. between O’Conner & Judson Rds 
Country Club T housand Oaks 
Gold Card m em bership, S85o. 
826-22o4 or 822-o323. 
______ 
DATES G A L O R E Meet Local sin­ gles. 
Call 
Dateline toll tree 
8oo 451-3245. 
FOR H E L P with an unwed preg­ nancy, call Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft. Worth, TX 1-8oo-792-11o4 
Leaving for Minneapol;s around 
June IO. Share gas. Jack Johnson, 
Box 32513, Son Antonio, Tx 78216 
Poems needed to be set to music. 
We offer *1o,ooo cash awards , rovalites and publishing. For free examination send your poems to: 
I Country Creations Studio 2 Box 
2o57 Nashville, Tenn 37214______ 
Room m ate needed to share apartment? 344-1516 
Scientific-Professional 
DATING SERVICE 
18 TO 8o Y E A R S 
Matchmaker Inc. 344 1 US 

1o7-BUSINESS PERSONALS 

LOST: Green Meadow Area, also near Lee Hi School, Blk White 
Neutered 
Tom 
Cot. 
344-1429 
Reward. 

IN T ER N A T IO N A L ESCO RT AND 
T O U R A G E N C Y . Single and group escorts, guided tours. 
341-o525 
________ 
"MAGIC F IN G E R S ", F ren ch es 
Here P A R IS R U BS, 492-2994. 
M A S S A G E S B Y P E A N U T ' By appt, 9am-5pm. 2617 No. Main. 
736-o411 

LOST: in Shavano Park, apricot toy poodle, 492-18o6 
LO ST: 
L ob,.ViGreat Dane, 3 mos., black, IO tags. Wetmore 
Rd-Bulverde Rd area 224-5454 days 494-5732 eves. SSO REW ARD 
LOST: male Australian sheep dog in Bulverde area. *'/} mos. Lf tan-white with white eyes 
R EW A R D ! Atter 6pm >12-438 2379 

Mature gentleman wants live in companion for light housework and drive car Good benefits and apt. No dependents. Jack, Box 
12144, Son Antonio, Tx. 78212 

LOST: Old English Sheepdog, I yr, black-white, in Monte Vista area. M is s in g since June I. 
Nam ed "H a n n a ". R E W A R D ! 
344-5o88 736-5469 

MISS SUPER is Here This Week! 
4o2436 
P A R IS-R U B B , Open 1o,3oam to 
4:ooam, 492-2994. 

LOST: Purebred Cocker Spaniel, 
Buff Color, Blk Collar, current tags. "M ic ke y", Vance-Jockson, 
Cherryridge 
Area. 
Reward. 
341-85oo 

The Best Massages in town are at 
P O M P E II M A SSA G E . Now with 
Kitty, Dale, Melanie, Sara, and 
Ande. 1138 Basse. 735-515o 

Share large home in Castle Park, 
3-2, large kitchen area, park-like yard. *2oo per mo. plus utilities. 
341-1229 

THE BO DY SH O PPE M A SSA G E 
STUDIO HAS M O V E D ! FOR IN 
F O R M A T IO N ON O U R N E W 
I L O C A T IO N O U T S ID E B E X A R 
COUNTY, C A LL 349-58o1 

LOST: Siamese cat, tan with dk brown markings. Near Westwood 
Apts. 
R E W A R D 
674-5325 or 
736-8226 
LOST: Small black female Poo­ dle. Vicinity Oblate and M cCul­ lough lO y rs old, fam ily pet. 
349-9264 OH 5:3o 
LOST White Maltese male. Vicini­ ty N Main and Summit. Answers to ‘'Fluffy". *5o Reword. 923-4373 

 n o - special Moilers 
12o BIOS B PROPOSALS 
124 - U G E ROHUS 
2o1 DUL ESTATE ROHUS 
2o1 - KAL ESTATE ROHUS 

' EARN $$$ 
. WEEKLY 

Blood Plasma Donor* 
Mon.-Sat. 8 am 4:3o 

Plasm a Derivatives 
4 
3o2 S. Flores . 
‘ 224 1749 

Almost Free Transportation 
For Details Call; 224-2221. 
F o u r D a lla s Cowboy Season 
Tickets Seat Options and Bonds, 
Section 24 Row 24 Includes 1977 
Seaaon Tickets. 653 24o9 
J IF F Y P R E S S new printing and copying store 49o9 W aliem Rd 
(a c ro ss W in d sor P a rk M a ll) opening soon 
Top cash paid for your old new soapers and corrugated. 815 Ce­ ra go AABCO P A P ER STOCK 

I ry the Famous Leg Massage, bv 
"L isa ”. P A R IS RUBB, 492-2994. 

 l o s t : 
} y r old fantail 
Beagle-RE W AR o-Call 494-7844 aft 
6 pm 
______ _______________ 

W A N TED. 12 overweight women 
■to participate in advertising pro- gram for womens health studio. 
Call 653-9333 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 
Ever Have A switch m assage? 
Call Karen, Lynda or Lvnette. 
They start at 1o:3o am, be early, don't miss it 
PARIS-RUBB. 
: 492-2994. 

1o8 • LOST MIO FOUND 
Doberman Pinscher, female, full grown. 534-o576, 532-o523. 

FREE 

WATER REDS 
EXOTIC 

LOST: black Cock a poo, male, I yr No tags. Vicinity of IH IO and 
Callaghan. 344-2621 341-385o 

MASSAGES i Given by the Foxiest Girls in San 
Antonio. Best place to Relax and 
> unwind. "Feel Better Fast" Out­ side City Limits. Open IO: 3o am to 
4am Big Discounts North Side. 
PARIS-RUBB, 492-2994. 
I "F R E N C H IE La R ue" is Here. 
That Beautiful Sexie Bomb Shell. 
Where? P A R IS -R U B B , 492-2994 
Open 1o:3o am till 4:oo am, till 
4:oo am. 
G IN A 'S Mere! "M ils Body Beau"" 
I tiful". P A R IS R U B S, 492-2994. 

LOST: charcoal gray male poodle with white mustache, near HWY 
46 ond 281. *5o reward no ques- j lions asked. 826-3292 or 885-71o2. 
1 LOST: Female Black Labrador, 8 mos Collared and lagged. Vicim- 
! tv Loft Restaurant, Boerne, Tx. 
Reward *1oo. No questions asked for the safe return of Princess. 
698-2616 ask tor Don or Kathy. 
LO ST : fem ale spayed Border 
Collie, black-w hite. A nim al 
Defense League tags. Basse Rd- 
McCullough area. Keep trying, leave message. 826-41S6 122-3o3o 
828-8939 
LOST: female Shelly (miniture collie) in Alamo Hts. near Corona. 
No tags. Brown and white, IS " high 
Named 
“Samantha". 
126-2942 
* in tm'i T r a m N iw i 
CAU 22*-16o6 

*1oo R EW A R D for return of Mon­ roe Model 1665 calculator missing trom construction sight on Gen 
McMullen. 
Call M r Potter at 
433-oo98_________________________A 
*5oo Rew ard: Nor Elkhound, fem "P e rky” Minot, N.Dak Tags. 
656 3521.________________________ 
Small black female Poodle, white spot on neck, white flea collar, answers to Suette Reword 3366 J. 
St. 

11O- SPECIAL NOTICES 
A U DITO R IU M 
Air conditioned for weddings, receptions, dances, etc Holds up to 45o people. G reater S A. 
Builder Assoc. 8925 MW. IH-1o. 
696-38oo._____________________ 
AAA Open Lock Door No Key, force, picks. Demonstration 
Sells Anti-crime Installations 
Complete Instructions, *1.98. 
Security Products, Box 3458 
Son Antonio, Tx 78211 
A Aauger Service trenching and small backhoe excavation, quick service sewer and water lines 

Woodlake Golf and Country Club 
Corp. membership for sale. 
828-68o6 

114 ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE 
Charter your own flight Business trips, fishing trips, you name it, we ll fly it I 866 3471_____________ 
C IR C L E D SU M M ER CAM P 
Bastrop, Tx., Ages 6-13. For in­ formation Coll 1-321-5142 
Leaving for California in August. 
Want riders to share expenses. 
References required 341-7644 

118 LOOSE NOTICES 

Sealed bld p ro p osals w ill be received by the Board of Trustees of the North East Independent 
School District for the following items at the time shown 
STU D EN T IN SU RAN CE 
2:oo p m., Tuesday, June 7, 1977 
Bid forms may be picked up prior to bid opening in the office of the 
Director of Purchasing, N. E. I S. 
D , 1o333 Broadway. San Antonio, 
Texas. 
Sealed bid p ro p osals w ill be received by the Board of Trustees of the Norih East Independent 
School District for the following items af times shown: 
QUO TATIO N - Recharging Fire 
Extinguishers • Wednesday, June 
8, 1977 
QUOTATION - Fire Extinguisher 
Inspection - Wednesday, June 8, 
1977 
R E R O O F IN G - 2:oo P M., Tues­ day, June 14, 1977. 
Bid forms may be picked up prior to oid opening in the office of the 
Director of Purchasing, N E. I. S. 
D , 1o333 Broadway, San Antonio, 
Texas 

I D A V Y C R O C K E T T LO D G E No i 1225, A F A A M . 519 Alam etos. 
C E R T IF IC A T E C LA SSES will be 
; held this Sunday, June 5, 1977 i from I to 5 P.M. All m em bers interested in learning are invited 
I to attend Charles E. Crain, Jr. 
W M.; Elmer GoH, Sec. 

S E A L E D BID SA LE OF B U IL D 
ING. The Harlondale Independent 
School District is receiving seated bid proposals from prospective buyers of wood frame buildings. 
The Building to be sold for im ­ m ediate rem oval or salvaged dem olish e d for im m ediate removal, is located on the Com ­ ous of Wright Elementary School, 
115 E. Huff Ave., San Antonio, 
Texas 78214 
The wood frame building is ap proximately 85 ft. long, 45 ti. wide and 35 ft high at root peak. 
Bidders are invited to inspecting premises and access and egress routes between the hours of 9 
A.M. and 4 P.M. Monday thru 
Friday. 
Sealed bid proposals on required bid forms for the disoosal of the above described building, will be received until 2:oo P.M. Friday. 
June IO, 1977 at the office of the 
D is t r ic t 's P u rc h a sin g Agent, 
Frank McDermott, 1o2 Genevieve 
Street, San Antonio, Texos 78285 
The H a rlo n d a le Independent 
School District Board of Trustees will review the Sealed Bids at its 
June 2o, 1977 regular monthly session. 

LEGAL NOTICE 

Notice is hereby given that the Booid of Equalization of the Judson In ­ 

 dependent School District will co n ­ 

 vene at the office of the School Tax 

Assessor Collector, located of 9327 

Schaeffer Road in the City of Con 

 verse, Texas, on the 14th day of 

June, 1977 for the purpose of h e a r­ 

 ing and passing upon oil appeals 

 from the decision of the School Tax 

Assessor Collector regarding all assessm ents, rendered os well as 

 unrendered, of property for the yeor beginning January I, 1977 

The 
Board will be in session on specific weekdays, not on Saturdays, 

Sundays, or Holidays. Anyone w qji 

 m g to appeur before the Boord bf 

Equalization should contact either in 

 writing or in person the lo x Assessor 

Collector of the Judson Independent 

School District, 9327 Schaeffer Rood, 

P O Box 99, in the City af Converse, 

Bexar County Texos, for review and if necessary for on appointment 

 the Boord will remain in session until 

 the docket is concluded os per a p ­ pointm ents set. 
E.E. Vander Ham m 
Tax Assessor-Collector 

C ASH for H O M E S 
We buy H O M ES ond EQ U IT IES 
Honest, Efficient, and Fast Ser­ vice. We pay all Closing Costs. 
Call Tony or Bernice, 341-6116 
SPECIA, R EA LT O R S 
SCASH I 
IR HOME OR 
I FOR YOUR HOME OR EQ U ITY 
WE PAY A L L CLOSING COSTS 
924 4131 
HUG H ES A BR ISC O E 
Cash for your Northside equity 
Lorry Bornebey341 4455, 684 29o9 

HOMEOWNERS 

Save your * s *. We can sell your home for $3oo commis­ sion. WHY PA Y M O R E ? Cali 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
ESTATE 732-2918, 732-5155, 
221 91o4. 

IM M E D IA T E CASH 
For Your Home We pay att des ing costs We also take tr ades Call 
494 5571 
974 4253 
532-3252 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D SBALI2S*- m Need help 
Inventory too low Need help to re-stock Excellent commission for real estate lister, need license. 
974 42o9__________ A L L REALTY 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can buy Vets don't lose their eligibility 3-4 bedrooms, 2 bathe, som e with air and ap ­ pliances. 
Payments less than rent. 
BOB DePAOLO 
532-5251 
REACTO R 
151 PICKFO RD, corner, WxiSO 
1431-35 Barney, 1oox114. Easy terms. 732-8o11. 
QUICK cash for your equity 
We pay closing costs 
Lahom a Properties. Inc. 
149 2o79 

E X P R E S S 
NEWS 
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE 

NOTICE TO 
THE IW C 

 m-tfuimnus 

TMI A C T IO N N U M B ER 

F O * FAST RESUITS 
PEACE TOUR W ANT SD 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW * 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 o 6 

I will not be responsible for debts incurred by anyone other than myself. R O B ER T C M C IN T Y R E 
SR 
__________________________ 

IHE NUMBER IO C A U 
1$ 2 2 5 -1 6 6 o t X PRESS AN O N EW * 

Public Auction of unclaimed vehi­ cles at the Police Storage Facility, 
3625 Growdon Rd., will be held at 
1o:oo A M. Wednesday, June 8, 
1977. Multiple and single units will be sold to the highest bidder All cars sold on “AS IS " basis Vehi­ cles for sale may be viewed trom 
8 A.M. to 1o:oo A.M. on the day of 
Auction ONLY. 
Sgt. B. J. Bulgerin 

2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
A T T E N T I O N G O V T O W N E D 
H O M ES tor sale Down payment 
*2o and up. G R E A T E R V A L U E 
. R EA LT Y . 651-6143 

IN THE EXPRESS N EW * 
CAU 22*-166o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday June 5, I 977 

O ur salespeople have the professional ability and neighborhood know-how you need to sell your hom e faster. T h ey’re thoroughly trained in modem real estate practices. And they have a complete system of proven marketing techniques to get results without wasting time. 
C E N T U R Y 21 professionals live and work every day in neighborhoods just like yours. Last year, they helped nearly 

 a million homeowners find a good buyen 
They can do it for you too. 
Each office is owned and operated by a local broker who really knows the surrounding area. And they help bring your community the highest standards o f real estate professionalism. 
Don’t you deserve the kind of serv­ ices only the largest real estate network in North America can offer? Call us when you’re ready. We're here for you. 

CENTURY 21 NE 
DeLANEY REALTY 
2433 AUSTIN HWY. 
653-o5So 

TERRELL HILLS 

Beautiful corner lot. 3 bedroom remodeled home with 7 baths, fireplace, knotty pine den ond many built ms. 
Seduced to 
$42,5oo for quick sole, Evenings, 
653 315o 

SUPER LOCATION! 

A family sire 3 bedroom home 

 with 2 baths Workshop, 12*3o 

 family room and like new corpet 

 fvenings, 653-315o. 

RESERVED 

FOR YOUR HOME tall for o free 

 morket analysis 

6 5 3 - o 5 5 o 

YOUNG LOVERS! 

Enhance your future by purchos 

 mg a home today This attractive 

 love nest is on ideal ploce to 

 start. Eosy maintenance with this 

 oil brick 3 bedroom, 2 both home 

 with large single living area, 

 fireplace, automatic sprinkler 

 ond fresh exterior point 

Evenings, 653 5651 

REAL ESTATE CAREER? 

Join the (entury 21 neighbor 

 hood professionals. For a personal 

 interview, call Ted at 653-o55o. 

CENTURY 21 NE 
BILL PARKINS REALTY 
4o35 Naco-Perrin Suite T W 
653-8131 

ELDORADO 
3 bedroom. 2 both home with built in electric kitchen, water softener, intercom, large covered patio 24*16 
Coroge converted into 18*12 paneled room, air con­ ditioned, ond 18*/ storeroom. 
Open Terms. Niles 826 5327. 

CUSTOM-BUILT 
3 bedroom, 2 both stone house with 32oo sq ft of living oreo formol living ond dining rooms large fomily room with fireploce kitchen with oil appliances 3 cot­ tages, oil rented Water well, lots of pecan ond oak trees located on 4 23 ocres. Mony, mony ex­ tras (all for details Mites 656- 
4628 
2-STORY BRICK 
4 -2V» 2, custom built oil brick with 2,348 sq. ft of living oreo 
Carpeted thruout 
Formol living ana dining rooms, family room with fireplace large lot with mony oak trees Nites 65/ 1475. 

VALENCIA 
3-2-2, built in kitchen with oil appliances large fomily room with cathedral ceilings ond custom-built fireplace 
25*12 covered patio 
Beautifully landscaped yard with lorge trees, 
(all for details. Nites 333-o68/ 

LUXURY HOME 
3 2, built in kitchen with all ap plumes, formal living room with fireplace, separate dining room, 
24*2o family room Over 2,ooo sq. ft of living area Mony, mony extras $41,3oo Nites 655 5226 

CENTURY 21 NE 
JAMES GLASCOCK 
A Assoc. 
6126 Montgomery Rd. 
656-7717 

FAMILY STYLE 

4 lorge carpeted bedrooms, cathedral ceiling family room, formol living and dining room. 
Private both in master bedroom 
Patio and privocy fenced yard 
Prime NE location, only 538,ooo 

CRUISE BY 'N ” CALL 

722 
8418o4 
DR in Coronado 
Village 
4 large bedrooms, 
2 baths, fireploce in den, separate formol living ond dining rooms. 
Enclosed covered patio 
Privacy fenced yord Convenient to Ran­ dolph ond Universal City. 

DOUBLE NICKELS 

No Way, Good Buddy' Slow way down ond take a good look at this neot 
3 bedroom house, 
Camelot ll, at S H S Golden Forest 
$717 mo, with easy assumption. 
Total pnce, only $31,ooo 

THE HARD PART 

IS DONE Just move in ond reap the toys of living in this gorgeous 
3 bedroom, 
2 both, recently remodeled home 
Master bedroom has been enlarged to 
25' * 17' 
Super entertainment area adorning covered patio with free standing fireplace lots of built ins ond storage $32,5oo. 

CAMELOT ll 

This home has had lots of Tender loving Care. 3 Bedrooms, 2 baths with all the extras. Wall to wall carpet everywhere, woodburning fireplace in den 

CENTURY 21 NE 
TRICO REALTORS 
1146 Holm 
349-6491 

THESE ARE OPEN TODAY 
FOR YOUR INSPECTION 
2 P.M. TO 6 P.M. 

6298 MONTGOMERY 
DRIVE 

Off W aliom Rood 

Three bedroom, two baths, formal 

 living and dining, den, boy win­ 

 dow in breakfast oreo. Sunroom 

Brick home on extra lorge lot. 

$55,ooo 

6o18 GRAND POINT 

Royal Ridge Subdivision 

Off Randolph Blvd. 

Six bedrooms, three baths, formal 

 living and dining, den with 

 fireploce. lots of storage lorge 

 lot. Flexible financing $64,5oo. 

127o3 LA CUEVA 

Valencia Subdivision 

Off Nacogdoches 

Comer lot beautifully landscaped 

Four bedrooms, two boths, two 

 living areas Super kitchen with 

 appliances Completely carpeted 

545,5oo 

47o3 TRAILWOOD 

Sunset Hills off Callaghan Rd. 

Newly redecorated fresh paint, 

 completely carpeted Three bed rooms, one and o half baths 

Reduced to 528,ooo 

CENTURY 21 NE 
WAYNE FOGUS REALTY 
5547 Randolph Blvd. 
654-6555 

NORTHERN HILLS 

NEW LISTING 

Could be a mobile home, carpet thruout. 
Self-cleaning double oven, covered patio and many extras. Prestige area. The ideal home ta pamper her Manicured yord Call for appt doy or night. 

VILLAGE NORTH 

Immaculate 3 bedroom, 2 bath, double finished insulated garage 
4 foot of insulation in the attic to reduce those high j'ility bills, lorge storage shed and a green­ house 
Appliances include refrigerator, double oven range, disposal and dishwasher 

WILSHIRE VILLAGE 

The perfect beginner home or for the retired with limited income. 
Needs TIC Moderate equity and ossume payments of $138 New roof ond some appliances. 

SUNGATE 2-STORY 

7 bath, 2ox14 covered patio, lots of shade In o well established oreo Walk to Elem school and convenient to shopping Call for appt Nites 648 o36u 

BEAT THE HEAT 
IN WOODLAKE 

In this 33x16 pool, greot floor plan with split bedroom ar­ rangement. Carpet thruout. In­ terior rock wark and glass shelves 4 bedroom plus study 
On cul-de sac 

CENTURY 21 NE 
HAP RESER, REALTORS 

1o6o8 PERRIN BEITH. 
653-6182 Anytime 

E. TERRELL HILLS HGTS 

4 bedroom, ? ’/» both, 7 story home IO min to Brook General. 
Central air heat, hardwood floors, fenced yord, polio, immediate possession. Vacant $42,9oo. 
VACANT-LOW EQUITY 

 lost chance on roomy 4 bedroom, 
2 both home in Camelot 
Is luscious! 
Private backyard, garden kitchen, fireplace, much more 
Vocont— Move today. 
$39,5oo, very low equity. 

El DORADO PRIDE 'N 
JOY 

Only $39,9oo for this 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, 3 cor beauty Seeing is believing'/i Shown anytime. 

ALMOST HEAVEN 

4 lovely 4 bedroom, VA both, 2 story, close to v ■ r/g% nd shop­ ping. W o u l ^ ^ t ^ ^ to miss this c reasonable price. 1 pocking and anx­ ious. tocunon— Camelot I. Submit all offers 
6.4 ACRES— 
COMMERCIAL 

Nice location, next to IH41o ond 
IH35. 
Owner will carry, ideal location, (all for details. 

HELLO YOUNG LOVERS 

Just married? Here's a cute love nest that will be the pride of the bride. Cost no more than paying rent. 
Snuggle into this 
3 bedroom, 7 both and you will never want to leave. 
4sking 
$29,9oo. Many extras 

CENTURY 21 NE 
MONEYSAVERS REALTY 
12122 El Sendero 
656-242o Anytime 

SHAKE A LEG 

Better than new, just sitting and waiting on you to come and grab it up! Well-kept 4 bedroom, 7 both home in very family-like neighborhood 
Oversized lot, 
S civory fenced, and only $39,95o. des 655-5693. 

POOL LOVERS 

16 X 32 sculptured Gary Pool with pebble walk ond covered patio goes with this 3 bedroom, 2 both home, and priced at only 
$46,5oo Nites 828 859/ 

CORNER CUTEY 

3 bedroom, 2 both, living room plus fomily room with vaulted ceiling, front entry courtyard, 24 above ground pool Priced at only 
$38,75o Nites 655-5693 

WHY DENY YOURSELF 

Of living in one of San Antonio's most prestigeous neighborhoods. 
You'll be proud to entertain in this spacious formal living-dining room, lorge family room with fireploce, built-in kitchen, 
Windcrest schools $49,9oo. Nites 
655-7492 

A HONEY FOR THE 
MONEY 

3 bedrooms, 2 baths, living room plus fomily room, custom built cabinets and built-in china cabinet Only $23,5oo Nites 828- 
8597. 

CENTURY 21 NE 
BOB RODGERS, REALTY 
81o7 Broadway 
828-57o4 

VALENCIA 

 large and roomy 3 bedroom, 2 bath with double garage. 7 5 % brick ond cedor, fireplace in the den, pool and clubhouse privileges. 
$43,75o 
(all 
828- 

19o3 FLAMINGO 

Very nice 
3 bedroom home 
Alamo 
Hgts 
Schools, great neighborhood and a large lot with trees Appraised at $32,5oo. 
Call 
828 5/o4 for more in­ formation. 

SPECIAL OF THE WEEK 

No qualifying for this extro clean 
3-2-2 home in Camelot. Only 
$365o equity, 8 % loon ond $258 payments. Won t lost long at 
$31,4oo. Coll 828 57o4. 

KIRBY 

Spacious 2-story 3 bedroom, 2 ’/» both family home 
Bange, dishwasher and fully carpeted, convenient to 
Ft. 
Sam. 
No 

 qualifying, less than 
$5ooo equity, $3o4 payments, 8 % loan, 
$36,9oo Coll 828 57o4 

CAMELOT SHOWPLACE 

This jewel has 3 bedrooms, 2 baths and finished double garage. 
Formal and informal dining, fireploce in den. Short shag carpet thruout Owner will consider VA or FHA offers at 
$38,5oo. Call 828-57o4 

CENTURY 21 NE 
MANOR REALTY 
1924 Pat Booker Rd. 
U niversal City 
658-4733 

WF R! PUTTING YOU O N IK to a greot opportunity on this 3 bedroom, 2 bath in well establish­ ed orea near Randolph large (iv mg combination. 5eparate dining room, complete wifn drapes ana curtains. 
Modern, time soving family sized kitchen, conge, dishwasher and disposal 
Priced 
$37,5oo. Phone 658 4733 today. 

CONVENIENCE PtUSIII is yours with this 3 bedroom. 7 both. Convenient to Randolph, 
Windsor Park ond the loop. Com­ fortable, well arranged, open liv­ ing area with worm cozy fireploce. 
Carpeting thruout, custom drapes, covered patio 
Bright cheery kitchen mokes meol preparation a breeze. Price 
$31,8oo. Phone 658-4733. 

Y O U ’RE E XPO SED??? to everything!!! Close to schools, pool, shopping and Randolph. Pic­ turesque J bedroom, J bath on nice, well located corner lot 
Carpeting thruout, central air and heat, modern kitchen with elec. range, dishwasher and disposal 
Covered polio and fenced 
Its neot as a pin. Price $49,9oo 
Phone 658 4733. 

DON T RENT ITH! 
Buy if ond deduct the foxes ond interest!!! Snug 3 bedroom, 2 bath located near schools, shop­ ping, complete with range, disposal, fenced and covered patio. 
Moderate equity, im­ mediate occupancy. 
Priced 
$44,4oo. Phone 658-4733 today, and beat the rent rap!! 

CENTURY 21 NE 
WAKEFIELD, REALTORS 
16252 SAN PEDRO 
494-5571 

WINDCREST 

1oo% Brick 3-2-2, living with 

 fireplace, family room with built­ 

 in gun cabinet, built-in kitchen, 

 beautifully landscaped yard. 

Under $5o,ooo. 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

1oo% brick 3-2-2, family coom 

 with fireplace, separate dining 

 room, built-in kitchen, cathedral 

 ceilings, sprinkler system ond 

 much more. Call. 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 

Assume 
1o o% rock 
3-2%-2, single living area with all rock 

 fireplace, ceder roof, built-in kit­ 

 chen, Call. 

SHADY OAKS 

Beautiful 7 acres with 4-3-2, 

 family roam with fireplace, living 

 ond dining, carpeting and panel­ ing thruout. (all for more details. 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 

Residential home fat, 2 acres. 

Call. 

OFF NACOGDOCHES 

Brick n Cedar 3-2-2, single living 

 orea with corner fireplace, built­ 

 in kitchen, large master bedroom 

Call. 

494-5571 
Nites 6 5 6 -4 T89 

CENTURY 21 NE 
STEVENS/ROHDE 
8151 BROADWAY 
82B-S544 Anytime 

MOVE IN NOW 

Freshly painted and paneled in­ side 
Beautiful rock front 
Refinished kitchen, 2 bedrooms. 7 baths, living room and den For only $73,ooo 

BRIGHT AND 
COMFORTABLE 

3 bedrooms, 7 boths. Near Brooks 
AFB ond on elementary school All this under $18,ooo 

SKYLINE PARK 

3 bedrooms, plenty room far his boat, nice yard for children 
Mother can watch them from her kitchen window. 
For only 
$12,9oo 

FIREPLACE IN MASTER 
BEDROOM 

And o fireploce in the den 
Spacious living in formal living room and dining roam with 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. 
Only 
$46,5oo 

CALM AND SERENE 

 for a suburban dweller, Right off 

O Connor Rd. Northeast 
Hos 3 

 bedrooms, carpeted thruout 

Under $4o,ooo 

LARGE FAMILY HOME 

Beautiful 4 bedroom, 7 both an a 

 large privacy fenced lot 
Patio 

 and a fireplace. Comfortable liv­ 

 ing area and family room. Under 

$4o,ooo 

CENTURY 21 NW 
FRANK BENTON 
REALTORS 
21o1 WEST AVE. 
734-6631 

CENTURY 21 NW 
HOWARD TATE 
1o3 BILTMORE DR. 
341-9166, Anytime 

CENTURY 21 NW 
WHITEHEAT-HOlllDAY, 
REALTORS 
7217 BANDERA ROAD 
681-o3oo, Anytime 

CENTURY 21 NW 
WHITEHEAD-HOUIDAY, 
REALTORS 
5838 JOINER 
684-3711 Anytime 

CENTURY 21 NW 
WHITEHEAD-HOLLIDAY 
11785 WEST AVE. 
341-7115, Anytime 

CENTURY 21 NW 
CUDDY-GIASCOCK, INC. 
13337 San Pedro 
494-1951 

CENTURY 21 NW 
Ray Teal, REALTORS 
6451 San Pedro 
341-2222 

CENTURY 21 NW 
DOUGLAS, REALTORS 
833 Bandera Rd, 
434-3185 

CENTURY 21 NW 
SCHNEIDER REALTY 
6233 Evert Suite A 
684-72oo 

FANTASTIC POOL 

Custom-built home with large 

 firepioced family room, Florida 

 loom, on top af the hill and all 

 privacy fenced 
En|oy the fan­ 

 tastic backyard ond poo! 

COUNTRY LIVING 
IN SHAVANO PARK 

ISO oak trees enhance this 2 

 acres with horse stalls ond 

 custom built home. Fireplace in 

 large living room 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 

New to morket Brick home with 

 separate living, dining, den ond 3 

 bedrooms, lots of pizazz In the 

4o s. 

SOUNDS FISHY 

Because it J o whale of a buy J 

 bedrooms with sunken family 

 room and fireplace, located in a 

 very desirable Northwest location. 

Selling for $32,ooo ond only 

$1,4So down or no down on VA 

JEFFERSON BEAUTY 

Prettiest yord in the neighbor­ 

 hood. 
Big 
3 bedrooms, im­ 

 maculately clean. Better hurry 

 ond coll now! Only $72,5oo. 

ENJOY FASHIONABLE 
LIVING 

In this bewitching 4 bedroom home with just a touch of 
Spanish, lorge family room with fireploce, large breakfast areo, formol living and dining room. 
Castle Hills Terrace $63,9oo 

WOW! WHAT A VALUE! 

3 
Bedroom contemporary with pretty shop carpet, built in kit then appliances, extra nice con­ dition. $23,5oo 

EXCEPTIONAL 

Home in well kept neighborhood 

I large living area, split bedroom 

 design for maximum pnvary for 

 master suite, 
2 cot finished 

 gorage $3o,75o 

ELEGANT 
CONTEMPORARY 

A home located in Ook Meadows 

Terrifically low price on this 7 

 story Spanish with really lorge 

 family room, tarmol dining, sun 

 deck off master suite, (all us for 

 all the extra features. $64,9oo 

HERE IT IS! 

 lovely and lorge 
2 story, 
3 

 bedroom in Northeast Son An 

 tonio, with 2 boths, built in ap 

 plwnces including woter softener. 

See to appreciate. $36,5oo 

1.84 ACRES 

Of beautiful land surrounds this 

3 2 large living with fireploce, 

 dining, huge den with pool table 

Many, many extras 
Coll Fran 

White. 

REDUCED 

In Glen Ooks Polk, minutes from 

Medical 
Center lovely 
4 

 bedroom, large living, separate 

 formol dining, den with fireplace, 

 plus gameroom with bar. (aU for 

Ruth Foiles. 

UNIVERSITY HULS 

Split level stone beauty 
3 

 spacious bedrooms, beautiful cor­ 

 ner fireplace enhances huge den. 

Gigantic deck with great view 

 with country atmosphere, (all 

Bob lewis. 

BIG REDUCTION 

Makes this 4 7 in Whispering 

Oaks a steal, formal living and 

 dining rooms, den with fireplace, 

 sewing room, plus huge 

 gameroom All on gorgeous Oak 

 covered lot. Cal! for Beth Tote. 

CASTLE HILLS 

Outstanding buy in as is" con­ 

 dition 
3 bedrooms, living, den 

 has fireplace Gorgeous treed lot. 

Just listed, won t last. 
Only 

$52,75o Ask for 1oB . 

DREAMS FOR SALE im iEJM EN T PARADISE 
Wake up every morning to quiet beauty 
This home sits in the middle of 7.69 acres Close lo 
Bandera, Texos. 7 Bedrooms. 2 baths with 18*26 ft Ikving oreo with fireplace. Sliding gloss doors open onto deck one pool. Horse stalls, deep well Away from high taxes 
Priced for quick sole at 
$48,5oo 
LOVELY HOME— 
IO'/» ACRES 
Of beautiful irrigated land 
35 min from Wonderland, 2o min. from South Park Mall fencing designed for horses and cattle. 
City woter, also well for yord and fenced kiddie pool Horse stalls, storage barn, HOME in excellent condition with new kitchen ond bath, 7 or 3 bedrooms, lorge liv­ ing area 
SAN GEROMINO 
8 ACRES off Bandera Rd A Won derlond of beautiful trees and privocy. Old rock home gone modern", complete with fire­ place and 42 x IO glassed-in room across front. Central heat and air, deep well, 2 out build­ ings. cauld be studio or guest room. Buy now and watch in­ vestment grow. Owner will cony. 
MEDINA LAKE 
Excellent resort property, fan­ tastic view. Fenced, hos beautiful trees. Home is in immaculate con­ dition 23 x 14' living area, 36 x 
IO sunroom. 
2 
Bedrooms, 
2 baths Priced at a low $33,ooo 

CENTURY 21 SE 
SOUTH EAST REALTORS 
2355-A Goliad Rd. 
333-4144 

CENTURY 21 SE 
WAKEFIELD, REALTORS 
2823 I. SOUTHCROSS 
532-3252 

CENTURY 21 SW 
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE 
5o34 S.W. MILITARY 
674-7717, Anytime 

CORNER LOT 

Near McCreless. 3 bedroom, 2 bath, smoll equity ond ossume low monthly payments. 
Niles 
333 6143 

HIGHLAND PARK 

Nice large older home Beautiful covered patio, huge shade trees. 
Coll for appointment Nites 653- 
o945. 

IT S MARVELOUS 

4 bedioom. 3 bath, double at­ tached gorage plus detached workshop. 256o sq. ft of living areo. Fomily room with fireploce. 
All on one ocre Too many extras to mention. Nites 333-6143. 

HIGHLAND HILLS BEST 

3 bedroom, 
2 both, attached garage. Central heat-air 
Open terms, priced to sell. Nites 333- 
6143 

NO CLOSING COST 

Near lackland and 
Kelly 
3 bedroom, 7 both, central heat-air, double garage 
$16oo ond ossume. Niles M9-12o2 

ALLENA VILLAGE 

Nice 3 bedroom home in ex ceilent area 
Double detached garage, beautiful yord and garden spot Nites 653 o945. 

KING'S ROW RIDGE 

3 bedroom, 
I 'A both, central heat-air, family room with fireplace. Approx. 14oo sq. ft 
Niles 337 8478 

COUNTRY LOVERS 

How obout 2 acres with 1oo% 

 brick 4 bedroom, 2 bath, double 

 garage home near Pleasanton, 

Tex Greot for horses, Coll J C. 

Clay for details. Niles 337-4848 

EAST CENTRAL RANCH 

Beautiful brick 4 2 2 on 47 acres 

 near East Central High School on 

Stuart Rd Don t wait, call nght 

 owoy. 

MOBILE HOME LOTS 

Appro* I acce tracts pnced from 

$3ooo Just minutes from San An 

 tonio, in Ook Crest Acres Very 

 eosy terms. Coll Mr 
Flores for 

 details. Nites 635-8474 

HIGHLAND HILLS 

Prestigious stone 3-3-3 at 44o3 

Golf View, enormous built-in kit­ 

 chen, spacious living with 

 fireplace and beautiful rock walls. 

Coll today for appt 

COLLEGE HGTS. 

All rock 3 bedroom with forma! 

 living, separate dining, huge den, 

 polio, double garage, fenced lot 

 and many extras. Only $47,ooo. 

Call Barbara Now Niles 533-16o5. 

532-3252 ANYTIME 

CAMELOT 

 large 3 bedroom. 7 bath, 2 car garage home with all the extras. 
Stove with self-cleaning oven, dishwasher and disposal, central oit heat and carpeting, beamed cathedral ceilings in extro lorge living room— family room with fireploce. Much more for low equity of S3.742.2o and assume payments. 

VALLEY HI 

Nice 3 bedroom, I bath home with stove, refrig, and air. Extro low equity. 
Only $2,8o5 ond assume $167 payments. 

AMERICANA 

Extro nice 3 bedroom, I VV bath, single garage with lots of carpeting, retrig., stove, centro! oir heot, washer and dryer. Al! for only $4,19o equity and ossume low payments of only $152 per mo. 

VALLEY HI NORTH 

Super lorge 4 bedroom, 7 both, 2 car garage with many, mony ex­ tras. Completely carpeted, centra! air and heat and appliances. Must see to believe. No money down on new VA loon. $42,844 

WESTWOOD VILLAGE 

This lovely 3 bedroom home in on established neighborhood, dose to lackland ond Kelly with in­ tercom, range, refrig, ond much, much more can be purchased with no money down on a new VA loan 

NORTHWOOD ESTATES 

 like new custom built luxury 

 home. 3-7-7, formal areas, large 

 den, loaded with extras. Super 

 yord. 
This fine home, only 

$98,5oo 

CANTERFIELD 

 large family home. 3 bedrooms, 

(all large). 7 baths, several patios. 

All extras. Quiet pretty street. Mid 

3o s. 

LARGE 2 STORY 

4 2'/»-2, fireploce in big den, plus 

 formol oreos, 2,ooo sq ft. of 

 beauty for $48,5oo A MUST SEE 

BUY OF THE WEEK 

Popular Forest Ooks, by Medical 

Complex, 4 2 2, big carpeted den 

 with fireploce, formal area. Good 

 trees. Only $42,2oo. 

DELVIEW AREA 

Off West Ave, lovely 3 bedroom, 

7 bath, big den and living, central 

 air, large trees. Only $26,5oo. Will 

 trade. 

WHAT A BUY! 

4 Bedroom, 2 bath, with large 

 den, living and dining for 

$29,9oo. All extras. Coll Today. 

SPANISH CHARM 

Very nice 3-2-2, so convenient to 
Ft. Sam, Randolph, Windsor Mall. 
Model home plan. Only $39,9oo. 
Open terms. 

COUNTRY LIVING 
With city conveniences, ex­ ceptionally nice 
3-3-2. 
Older home with lots of oak trees. 
37x16 pool surrounded by a large redwood deck 
3 horse stalls, barn, even room for a tennis court. Churchill Hill area, off San 
Pedro. All for only $81,5oo. 

LET S TRADE 

Update your housing, lovely 3 bedroom home, complete with appliances low monthly pay­ ments and low equity, located off 
El Sendero and Nacogdoches Rd. 
Only $23,ooo 

CAREFREE LIVING! 

Enjoy the eosy life, lovely 3 2'/? 
Townhouse, swimming pool, tennis courts, fishing lake. 
Utilities and fee combined Ex­ cellent Medical Center location. 
Only 
$41,5oo. 
Assume con­ ventional. 

KELLY-LACKLAND AREA 

Cute, dean, 3 bedroom home with large den. Dining room, liv­ ing room and many extras. Only 
$21,6oo VA 

HIU COUNTRY SETTING 

 large 3 2 mobile home, located o n % acre, IO min. No. 16o4 off 
San Pedro 
Only $18,5oo con­ ventional. 

ENCHANTED FOREST 

Absolutely beautiful all brick 3 bedrooms, plus sewing or 4th bedroom, 2'/j both, formol living, dining, fomily room witn fireplace, large patio under roof. 
Large finished garage 
Prifocy fenced yard. Priced to sell. 494- 
1951. 
NORTHERN HILLS 

Immaculate"! 
You'll wont to remove your shoes before en­ tering the most immaculate home youve ever seen. 
3 bedrooms, split master bedroom, 
2 decorator baths. Double finish­ ed garage, storage. Extra large screened and covered patio. 
Privocy fenced yord, on cul-de sac. Mid 3o s. Hurry on this one. 
494-1951. 
RANDOLPH AREA 

Owner anxious— SEZ MAKE OFFER on well maintained 3 bedroom, 2 both, finished double garage 
Beautifully designed, formal living, formal dining, spacious family room. 
Beautifully landscaped yord with privacy fen­ 

 ce. Mid 3o s. Call now 494-1951. 
UTOPIA 

 lovely Hill Country IO acres with tank. Beautiful building site. Ask­ ing $1ooo per a ae 494 1951. 
HELP! 

New Century 71 Office needs 2 more experienced sales Associ­ ates to earn up to 8 5 % com­ mission, on unique professional profit plan, (all Boyce Kendall for confidential interview, 494 1951. 

ROCK HOMES 
We have two to choose from ond they are next dooi to each other. 
Beautiful homes and yards— 26o 
Hemline, 
$27,5oo, and 
262 
Hermine, $37,5oo. First time on the market. 
THOUSAND OAKS 
5 bedroom, 2-story home with approx. 34oo sq. ft. Heated Gary 
Pool, landscaped with over 7oo rose bushes. Vacant. Reduced to 
$117,ooo. 
CRESTHAVEN 
Owner transferred and must sell this 3 bedroom, I Vt bath home 3 large pecan trees, storage shed, greot location. $22,5oo. 
NEAR MEDICAL CENTER 
All tho! you wont in a home Cool breezes, plenty of privacy, sunken tub. and double fireplace. 
3-2-2 with 23oo sq. ft. VA yean old. $66,5oo. 
WONDERLAND AREA 
Beautiful home near malls. Walk to elementary school. 4 bedroom, 
2 baths, beautiful custom-design family room, plus completely paneled double garage $37,5oo 
HANDYMAN’S DELIGHT 
Grab some paint ond a hammer and grab yourself a bargain 7 bedroom home in popular area neor loop 41o. Only SI5,ooo as 

BABCOCK NORTH 
3-2 with garden kitchen. Shoo carpeting thruout. Only Vt block to elementary school. 7 % VA loan can be assumed $26,95o. 

CENTURY 21 SW 
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE 
7o47 MILITARY DRIVE 
WEST 
674-4411, Anytime 

CENTURY 21 SW 
R. R, RANSOM REALTY 
74o5 HWY. 9oW 
673-77o1 

CENTURY 21 SW 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 
118 West Hutchins 
924-4253 

CENTURY 21 SW 
KELLY-LACKLAND, 
REALTORS 
333 VALLEY HI DR. 
674-1211, Anytime 

HERITAGE FARM 

7o28 sq. ft. of luxury living, 7 story, 3 bedroom, 2Vj both, with 
7ox15 cathedral ceiling living area, accented by beautiful fireploce, large dining room on large country kitchen. Equity and assume payments of $362 per mo. 

ADAMS HILL 

JACKSON FLOOR PLAN, 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, 2 car finished garage 
Privacy fences surrounds the well manicured yard 15oo sq. ft. of prestige living accented by beautiful fireplace in living room 
Garden kitchen, shoded by 13x21 covered patio. Equity ond assume payments of $252 per mo. 

VALLEY HI 

3 bedroom, bath with nice large den, cedor closets, greenhouse, fully carpeted. Owner will carry note with reasonable down This home is in perfect condition. 

VALLEY HI 

3 bedrooms, 2 baths, den on large corner lot. Completely redecorat­ ed inside and out with new corpet thruout. Vacant - no money down 
VA. $19,5oo. 

VALLEY HI 

 large, roomy 3 bedroom home in 
Valley Hi area. This home in ex­ cellent condition and ready to move to Neor schools and shop­ ping centers, low equity and ossume monthly payments of 
$148 per mo. Coll now 

MEADOW VILLAGE 

3-1-1, nice home close to schools and shopping. Owner transferring and will accept small equity. Good value for $17,1oo. 

NEAR BASES 

 like new 3-2-converted garage. 
Central air-heat, appliances, corpet ond security bors. Con verted gorage has utility room ond den 
Equity reduced to 
$28oo. 
Owner wishes to sell before departure 

VAllEY-HI 

3-1-converted garage, centro! air- heat, appliances, carpet ond security bars. 
Nice yard and storage shed. This home has hod outstanding care and is ex­ ceptionally clean inside and oui. 
$25,5oo 

LACKLAND TERRACE 

3 2 2, centro! air heat, carpet, appliances, nice patio 
Storage shed, nice yard and large trees. 
Hos already been appraised 
$24,85o. 

HERITAGE FARM 

3-2-2, central air heat, corpet, at­ tractive neighborhood. Equity and assumption or owner will consider renting. $29,ooo. 

CANYON LAKE 
OPPORTUNITY 

2 bedroom home ond store build­ ing on 2 lots. Ideal for business venture. On busy Hwy 3o6 neor 
Canyon lake 
Open 
Terms. 
$38,75o 

BELLAIRE 

2 bedrooms, I both. To be poin­ ted inside and out. Just $16,5oo 
FHA with low down payment. Coll today. 

COMMERCIAL 

Midway between San Pedro and 
Blonco on 
Hildebrand. 
Good potential for retail outlet, lot has 
IOO foot frontage on Hildebrand. 
Building could be remodeled. Call for derails. 

BODY SHOP 

Just off Loop 41o on Hwy 87 
East. 
Ideal for body shop or gorage set up. No zoning, no city taxes. Just $16,ooo and owner will carry note. 

INDIAN CREEK 

Clean 2 bedroom, I both, large den with fireplace No down to 
Veterans, low down FHA. $18,75o appraised. 

SOUTH FLORES 

32oo sq. ft. masonry buildinq on corner lot Ideal for conversion to doctor’s offices, phormocy or store. 
Owner will carry note. 
$42,ooo. 

BELLAIRE 

Several 3 bedroom homes to choose from in Bellaire areo. Mc­ 
Cullom High School Use your VA or smoll down FHA Coll far ap­ pointment. 

NITES 924-6185, 923-6185 

CLOSE TO THE BASE 

4 Bedroom, 2 bath, garage, woter softener, stove, refrigerator, disposal, swing set and pool table. 
No down on VA loan. $28,ooo. 

JUST LISTED 

3 Bedroom, 2 both with lorge family room, stove, refrigerator, wall to wall carpet thruout. No down on VA loan. $27,3oo 

NEXT DOOR TO MEDINA 

3 Bedroom, I Vt bath, wall to wall corpet thruout, stove, water sof­ tener, greenhouse, large garden. 
$2o,ooo 

ADAMS HILL 

4 Bedroom, 2 bath, 2 cor garage, double oven, range, dishwasher, large living room with fireplace, lorge lovely home. No down on 
VA loan. $41,ooo 

AMERICANA 

3 
Bedroom, 
I both, range, refrigerator, burglar bars, wall to wall carpet, just painted inside. 
No down on VA loan SI9,5oo 

RAINBOW HILLS 

4 Bedroom, 2 bath with family room, central air ond heat, large, well kept yord. $2,595 equity, 
$2o9 per mo. 

ASK ABOUT OUR NEW BUY 

BACK PROGRAM! 

THIS IS YOUR CHANCE 

To buy the perfect home with 3 

 bedrooms, 2 baths, paneled fami­ 

 ly room. For only 522,5oo. Call 

 now! 
PERFECT STARTER HOME located near St. Mary s U. 3 

 bedrooms with large family room, 

 walking distance to Elem. Priced 

 right 
IN A CLASS BY ITSELF 
This spacious home features 3 

 large bedrooms, huge living room 

 on lovely corner lot. Across from 

High School Only $29,5oo. 
BANDERA ROAD 
Approx. 
1oo*48o 
Spacious 
3 bedroom, 2 both stucco home with living, dining and family rooms. 
On .84 Acre, stucco 3 bedroom, 2 both with IOO It. rood frontage. 
REDUCED 
Restaurant, business and equip­ ment, good parking, on busy cor­ ner Coll far details. 

COME TO THE COUNTRY 
In Devine, where you will find 

 this 3 bedroom, P A both and 

 family room on 9.9 ocres. 4 

 pastures ond IRRIGATION, paved 

 rood frontage. 
$52,ooo. low 

 payments. 
NEAR UTSA 

Just listed! Three 2.5 acre tracts 

 on Houseman Rond REAoV FOR 

DEVELOPING Coll for details. 

CENTURY 21 
NORRIS REALTY 
NEW BRAUNFELS 
651-6344 

GREAT FOR HORSES 

3 Bedrooms, 2 baths on 2 acres. 
$42,5oo. 

NEAR SPRING BRANCH 

7.5 Acres. 2 bedroom home with several out buildings. $4o,8oo. 

OFF HWY. 281 

 large lot, 3 bedroom, 2 bath with a private pork nearby. $39,9oo. 

TEXAS VETS 

13.28 Acres of Hill Country land 

OLDER HOME 

On a mom street in New Braun­ fels, needs some work $19,9oo. 

GUADALUPE RIVER 

IOO ft. on water. 3 Big bedrooms, 
2 full boths, large lot $76,9oo. 

SWIMMING POOL 

3 Bedroom, 2 bath on large landscaped lot near New Braun­ fels $55,ooo. 

SOLAR ENERGY 

Insulated windows and doors, solar hot water heater, heat pump, brick fireplace, 
3 
Dedrooms, 2 baths. $42,9oo. 

4.7 ACRES HOMESITE 

Just north of New Braunfels. 
$11,5oo. 

NEW BRAUNFELS 

2 Bedroom home, $25,ooo 

CENTURY 21 NW 
ELAINE LUDWIG & ASSOC 
87o3 WURZBACH 
691-13oo 

USE YOUR VA 

For purchase of this 4 bedroom, 2 

 bath Spanish. Fully equipped kit­ 

 chen, water softener, storage 

 building. $29,9oo. 

CASTLE PARK 

LOVELY TRADITIONAL 5 bedroom, 

3 bath home set on park like 

 grounds Perfect for entertaining 

 with 2 living areas plus large 

 gameroom. $84,ooo 

BETTER THAN NEW 

Because this 2 yr. old beauty 

 already hos its yard in. Mint con­ 

 dition, with large firepioced living 

 orea, 3 lovely bedrooms, 2 luxury 

 baths. 
Immediate possession. 

$44,ooo. 

TRI-PLEX— NEAR ST. 
MARYS 

Always rented, separate meters. 

Owner carry. $32,5oo 

MISSION TRACE 

LUXURY' 
3 bedroom, 
2 both 

 townhome in incomparable 

Mission Trace. 2-story brick with 

 many custom extras. $58,5oo. 

BANDERA RANCH 

Game preserve ranch enclosing 

 lovely, park-like land, large 

 oaks, good grosses, 2 tanks. 16o 

 or 31o acies at SI IOO per acre 

Area 

Offices 

Over 

4,ooo 

Offices 

Coast- 

 to-Coast 

NA TIONAL 
REFERRAL 
SERVICE 
We’re Here For You. 
Each office is independently owned and operated. t=J 

LIST WITH 
A LEADER 

NONCOMMERCIAL! 

CANCELLABLE WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

E X P R E S S - N E W S 
D 
A 
1V 
H 
T C 
A n c 
3 5 % 
$*7 
TEXAS SIZE BUJ12V,^6A IJ^ SAVINGS I 
2 LINES 
IO DAYS 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 i K m m * 
1o6 PERSON/US 
1o6 PERSONALS 

■a . 
V T 1. 1 l l I V T \ ' r r r 

1o6 p r o w s 
S a n A n tonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u nd a y Ju n e 5 , 1 9 7 7 

FATHER’S-* - DAY IS JUNE 19" 
’O T T * 1 
V n 
( 

Wouldn’t he feel great if you remembered? 

With a Father's Day M essage in the Express/N ew s 

I lines $1.oo. E a rli a d d itio n al line 25<** 
(m in im u m S U M I ) 

Message: 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ♦ • • • • • • • • • ♦ • • a * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

* • • • • • • • * • • • * # « * » • • * * • • • • • • • • • • * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Coupon 

N a m e .................................................................... 

A d d r e s s .....................................Z ip ..................... 

P h o n e ................................................................ 

M a il y o u r M e ssa g e today, 
E x p ress/News Corp. 
C lassifie d D ep artm e n t. 
P . O . B o x 2 I 7 I S a n A n t o n i o , T e x a s ' 7 8 2 l) 7 o r r a i l 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 l n - l o r c I p .m . J u n e H u l l 

H 
H 
H 
H 
R 
I 8 
3 
M 
H 
U 

(ON JOHNSON C t T ^ W 
SU I W EEM S 
H 
DON 
NORTHWEST 
NORTH CENTRAL 

LOOP 41o....... 
NORTHUP 

W M 
I 

S S L ' 

Sterling B u rke . . . 
Pete C a n ty (North). 
Pete C an tu (South). 
Clara Belle Cattier 
V irginia C e r v e n k a 
G a s e - B a k e r ......... 
H od sd o n & A sso c iate s 
Don Johnson (Northwest). . . 
Don Johnson (loop 41o) . . . 
Don Johnson (North Central) . 
Don Johnson (Northeast) . . . 
Bob Jones (N o rth ).............. 
Bob Jones (S o u th ).............. 
R andolp h R e a l t y ............. 
Dale R i l e y ......................... 
Sue W e e m s & A ssociate s 

8 2 4 

7 3 6 
5 3 2 
3 4 4 
6 5 5 
6 9 o 
6 7 4 
344- 
8 2 8 
4 9 4 
6 5 6 
3 A 4 - 
5 3 3 
6 5 8 
4 9 4 - 
8 2 6 

6 3 5 1 
4 2 9 6 
7 5 o o 
o 2 2 5 
5 1 3 1 
8 9 9 o 
3 5 5 2 
3 o 7 8 
8241 
771 I 
3441 
2341 
7 1 6 3 
53o1 
3541 
o 6 o 6 

11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
12o BIDS & PROPOSALS 

♦ M Y: and M rs. S a n t o s Y. * 
♦ D ia z p ro u d ly a n n o u n c e * 
♦ the a rriv a l o f their b a b y * 
♦ G IR L : C a ro lin e D ., 8 lbs., ^ 
♦ 4 o z s., b o rn 
M a y 
6, 
♦ 1 9 7 7 

♦ a n d M rs. C h a rle s H. jq. H u n n icu tt p ro u d ly a n 
* . n o u n c e the a rriv a l o f their 
+ b a b y B O Y , M ic h a e l D a v id 
. 
^ .H u n n ic u tt, 7 lbs. 3 o z s .,1^ 
^ b o rn M a y 3 , 1 9 7 7 . 

Mr. a n d 
M rs. 
. McMenomy p ro u d ly birth o f 

* 
* 

R o b e rt 4" 
♦ nounce the birth of their J 
J baby 
GIRL, 
Lorena 
Lili 4 j. Anne McMenomy, 6 lbs 4 j. IS 1/? ozs., on May l l , in 4 
IT Corpus 
Christi. 
Grand- 4 j J parents are Mr. and Mrs. 4 
C. L. McMenomy of San 4 
4 Antonio. 
4 w 
4 Mr. 
& 
Mrs. 
Ralph 
A ♦ 
4 Medina proudly announce ♦ 
4 the arrival of their baby ♦ 
4 BOY: 
Ralph 
Justin J* 
4 Medina, 
7 lbs. 
3 ozs., *• 
♦ born May 27, 1977. 
J* 
4 
* i f 
Place your announcement jf 
♦ 
Call 225-1666 
* 
♦ 
Miss Carroll 
♦ i t tk-k A r-A ir-R A i t i t i t A i t ic 

12o BIDS 8 PROPOSALS 

Scaled proposals for the construction 
J lemporory Addition to Parking tot 
C for 
The University of Texas 
Health Science Center, Son Antonio, 
Te *os will be received of the Office of the Physical Plant Director, 
77o3 
Hoyt) Curl Drive, Room 112 E 
San 
Antonio Texas until 7 OO P M LSI on 
Tuesdoy June 14 Bids shall he ad­ dressed to Diieetor of Physical Plant and will be publicly opened and read ot the time and dote above men­ tioned 
No bid may be changed, amended, or modified by telegram or otherwise after the some hos been submitted or filed rn response to this notice 
A bid may be withdrawn, however, and resubmitted any time prior to the time set for receipt of bids 

 the work will be awarded under one lump sum contract 

The successful bidder will be required ta enter into a contract with the 
University of Texas Health Science 
Center at San Antonio, Texas 

A Cashier s Check or Certified Check payable without recourse to 
The 
University of Texas Health Science 
Center at San Antonio or un ac ceptable Surety Proposal Bond, in an amount not less than five percent 
'S S ) of the largest possible total bid, including consideration of alternates, must accompany each bid as a guarantee that, if awarded the con tract, the bidder will promptly enter into o contract and execute bonds in forms provided os outlined in the specifications and instructions to Bid cJers. A Performance Bond and Pay­ ment Bond in an amount of one hun­ dred percent (1oo%) of the contract price will be required 

Plans and specifications may be ob­ tained from the Physical Plant Direc­ tor The University of Texas Health 
Science Center, San Antonio, Texas upon deposit of $25,oo for one set of alans and specifications 
The full amount of the deposit will be return­ ed to eoch bidder immediately upon return of plans and specifications in good condition; except refund on documents returned later than (IO) days after date of bid opening will not be obligatory. 

The Owner reserves the right to re­ ject any cmd all bids. 

Physical Plant Director 
University of Texas 
Health Science Center at San Antonio 
77o3 Floyd Curl Drive 
San Antonio, Texas 78284 

N O T IC E TO B ID D ER S 

Sealed proposals addressed to the 
County Judge of Jim Hogg County will ae received of the 
County 
Courthouse, 
Hebbronville, 
Texas, until 1o:oo A.M., Monday, June 13, 
1977, at which time they will be publicly opened and read Proposals will be for furnishing all necessary materials, machinery, equipment, superintendence and labor for the construction ot the Jim Hogg County 
Airport. 

The work to be performed under these specifications consists of the in­ stallation of a low intensity lighting system on the existing 
5,ooo runway, including a segmented circle, lighted wind cone ond rotating beacon. 

Bidders must submit a Cashier s or 
Certified Check issued by a bonk satisfactory to the Owner, or a Pro­ posal Bond from o reliable surety compony, payable without recourse to the order of the County of Jim 
Hogg in on amount not less than five percent (5 % ) of the bid submitted os a guaranty the Bidder will enter into o contract ond execute bonds and guaranty in the forms provided within (IO) days ofter notice of award of contract to him. 
Bids without the required check or pro posal bond will not be considered. 
The County of Jim Hogg will notify the successful Bidder, in writing, within sixty (6o) days after the dote of opening bids, of its acceptance of his proposal. 

The successful Bidder will be required to furnish o Performance Bond ond o payment Bond eoch in the amount of contract, written by a responsible surety compony authorized to do business in the State of Texas and satisfactory to the Owner, as required by Article 516o, V.A.T.C.S., os amen: ded by HH. 344, passed by the 56 
Legislature, Regular Session, 1959, 

All lump sum and unit prices must be stoted in both script ond figures. The 
Owner reserves (ne right to reject any or all bids and to waive formalities. In case of ambiguity or lack of dearness in stating the prices in the bids, the Owner reserves the right to consider the most ad­ vantageous construction thereof, or to reject the bid. Unreasonable (or 
"unbalanced") unit prices will authorize the Owner to reject the bid. 

Bidders are expected to inspect the site of the work and to inform themselves regarding the condition of the site. 

Attention is called to the fact that there must be poid on the project not less than the general prevailing rotes of wages. The Contractor must abide by the Wage and Hour Lows of the 
State of Texas, ond must pay not less than the legally prescribed rates for 
Jim Hogg County. The Contractor will post prevailing wage rates on the job site. 

Information for 
Bidders, proposal forms, specifications and plans are on file at the County Courthouse, Heb­ bronville, Texas. 

Copies of the plans and specifications may be secured from the Chief engineer, Texas Aeronautics Com­ mission, P o. Box 126o7, Copita! Sta­ tion Austin, Texas 78711, upon o deposit of SI O OO as a guarantee af the safe return af the plans and specifications. The full amount of the deposit will be returned to the Bidder on submission of a bono fide bid on the work, with such pions ond specifications; or upon returning the plans ond specifications immediately ofter examination of same, ond ad­ vising the 
Chief Engineer, 
Texas 
Aeronautics Commission that a bid will not be submitted; otherwise, the deposit shall be forfeited. 

 lf within IO doys after ordering plans and specifications you hove not received same, please contact the 
Texas 
Aeronautics 
Commission at 
512/475-3985 
County of Jim Hogg, 
Hebbronville, Tx. 
Owner 
By: /ti H. T. Martinez 
County Judge 
Attest: 
By: I i i lilia Pena 
County Clerk 
By Adelina G. Martinez, Deputy 

12o BIDS & PROPOSALS 

INVITATION TO BID 
1. The Son Antonio Transmit System will receive proposals for a General 
Contract for 
Bus 
Yard 
Pavement 
Reconstruction. 
2. Seoled proposals will be received until 3:oo P M , June 23, 1977, at the 
Transit System Administration Of­ fices, 8oo W Myrtle, Son Antonio, 
Texas, ond then publicly opened and read aloud. Proposals received after the above stoted time ond dote will not be accepted. 
3. Drawings ond specifications may be examined at the office af: 
W.E. Simpson Co., Inc. 
5o6 Lexington 
San Antonio, Texas or 

The Builders Exchange of Texas, Inc. 
61o Augusta St. 
San Antonio, Texas or 
F.W. Dodge Pion Room 

4o1 Isom Rd. 
San Antonio, Texas 
4 Bidders may obtain one set of Bid­ ding ond Confroct Documents from the office of the 
Director of 
Purchasing, 172o N. Flores St., Son 
Antonio, Texas, on or ofter June 7, 
1977, upon deposit of SI5.oo per set 
Those who submit prime bids may obtain refund of deposit by returning sets in good condition no more than five (5) doys ofter proposals hove been opened. Those who do not sub mit prime bids will forfeit deposits unless sets ore returned in good con­ dition at least three (3) days before 
Proposals ore opened. 
Subcontractors ond material suppliers may purchase complete sets of Drawings and Specifications by paying 515.oo per set. This cost will not be refunded. 
5. Bid secunty in the amount of five 

2o1 REAL ESTATt NOTICES 

WE’LL 
BUY 
YOUR 
HOME o r lot for cosh. F a st se rv ic e W ill trade. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 3o91_________________ R E A L T O R 
W H Y P A Y R E N T ? O w n y o u r ow n hom e. N o dow n paym ent. 3-4 be d ro o m s, fenced. 
L lo y d M o n tg o m e ry 
658 )8o6 

Your Key to the City of 

San Antonio 

 per cent (5 % ) of the Proposal must moo with the Instructions to Bidders accompany eoch Proposal in accord 

6. The Owner reserves the right to woive irregularities ond to reject oil 
Proposals. 
7. o. Equal Employment Opportunity: 
"Contractor will be required to comply with oil applicable Equal 
Employment Opportunity laws and regulations. b. 
Statement of Financial Assistor ce: "This contract is subject to a financial assistance contract between the project sponsor and the U.S. Deportment of 
Transportation " c. 
Ineligible Bidders. All Bidders will be required to certify that they are not on the Comptroller 
General s list of ineligible con­ tractors. 
The above requirements are qiven in detail in the Instructions to bidders, the Proposal Form ond the 
Special Conditions of the Contract. 
Fred Jones 
Director of Purchasing 
San Antonio Transit System 

• Y O U G E T C A S H * 
In I d a y for y o u r hom e, " A s i s " 
A n y a re a. I p a y e v e ry th in g C a ll 24 h r s . A s k fo r A d o lp h . 433-329S. 
N ile s 828-4817. 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

A L L B R IC K 3 b ed roo m I Va bath 
H O M E B U IL T O N Y O U R L O T 
$17,5oo 1311 Gardiner off W. A v e 
S P E C I A B U I L D E R S In c 349-1491 

118o6 BUTTONWILLOW 
O P E N 2— 5 P M S U M M E R H I L L 
S u p e r c o n t e m p o r a r y g a r d e n hom e. 4 la rg e b e d roo m s, p lu s on e x tra ga m e ro o m , 2V, b ath s, su n ­ k e n fa m ily ro o m w ith a w e tb a r o n d a ro ck fireplace. Im m a c u la te c o n d it io n a n d lo a d e d w ith a m - m enities. Lo ts of good liv in g for 
$72,975. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826-6272 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C . 

KEY SKOPP 

 r n 
3 

W 
' G ASE-BA KER 
I 
REALTOR 
6 9 o -8 9 9 o 

LACKLANE-KELLY AREA 

3-2-2 Super clean with covered 

 patio. Built-ms and drapes stay. 

Assume 519o mo. or refinance. 

NOW! 

SUPER BUY! 

3-2-2, fully carpeted, beamed 

 ceilings and fireplace. 
Under 

, 535,ooo Unbelievable? Call us. 

 ganEjir 
"MMN9I r PETE C A N T U A 
Rf ACTOR 
Northside.............. 73 6-42 96 J 
S o u t h s id e 
. . 532 7 5 o ^ j 

QUALITY NOT QUANTITY 

Petite 3 bedroom home. Separate 

 living ond dining rooms 
Im 

 maculate condition. 
New 

 driveway. In Kelly orea. Excellent 

 showing. Only 518,ooo 
4.5 ACRES 

In Helotes on Marin Hollow Or 

High scenic location. Many trees, 

 near Med. Center & UTSA. A 

 bargain for only 525,ooo 
GOOD INVESTMENT 
4 unit apartment home on large 

 corner lot. 
Separate meters. 

Walking distance to shopping 

 center and bus 
Good income 

Close in location. Shown by oppt. 

 only. 
_____ 

NEW ON MARKET 
N YV. SPECIAL 

Spic 
N 
Span, 4 bedrooms, 2 

 baths, IVY year eld brick and 

 cedar home Close to U SU . UTSA, 

Medical Center and N W hoses 

538,9oo 
344 3o78, nites 344 

1612. 
WHISPERING OAKS 

JUST LISTED! 5 bedrooms, 3 >6 

 bofhs, in prestigious oreo 

Separate living and dining room, 

 family room with fireplace, lots of 

 built ms, gash b q $85,9oo 344 

3o78, nites 341 1962 
REGENCY PLACE 

This recent Nsting is a delightful 

3-2 2 in a popular oreo. Spacious 

 and in mint condition It is on 

 eosy walking distance to N E 

 elementary, and high schools. 

561.5oo 
828 8241, nites 
492 
12o5 
GOOD LOCATION 

This 3 bedroom, 2 both home is in ‘ 

 immaculate condition In o nice 

 family oreo, it features o lovely 

 lot, covered patio, new 

 dishwasher and more 
$32,9oo 

828-8241, nites 494 385o 
QUICK SAHI 

Roomy, 3 bedrooms, 2VY both 

 home Walk to schools New point 

 in ond out Covered patio, privacy 

 fenced, and more 533,9oo 494 

77)1, nites 655-7383 
ELEGANT 4 BEDROOM 

Excellent home in exclusive area 

Two living and dining nreos, plus, 

19x16 gome room 
Sprinkler 

 system, woter softner, ond other 

 extras Walk to schools Best price 

 in area 
494 7711, nites 69o 

9283 
EL DORADO 

A reol buy 
This 3-2-2, priced 

 right hos large family room and o 

 kitchen with dishwasher, garbage 

 disposal range and refrigerator. 

Washer ond dryer available Nice 

 yard with privacy fence 
Only 

536,2oo 
656 3441, nites 656 

8178 
PARK NORIN 

 lovely 3-2-2, with split bedrooms, 

 two living oreas, covered patio, 

 beautiful trees ond more 

534.5oo 
656 3441, nites 656 

8178 

S t e r l in g b u r k e ^ 
REALTORS 
^ 
8 2 4 - 6 3 5 1 

2o7 SPRINGWooD 

 large 4 bedroom home within 

 walking distance of moll and 

 elementary school, reasonable, 

 priced in perfect for the growing 

 family. 

PRESTIGIOUS AREA 

Oon t bother unless you want lots 

 of room! It s bigger than it looks. 

Already hos everything for 

 versatile living. 

 y p r ' 
- m i 
[HODSDON & ASSOC. 
REALTORS 
1 
^ 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
^ H E R I T A G E FARNI 

Especially suited for the taw equi ty buyer 
Large 3 bedroom, 2 

 bath, with double garage, located 

 in country setting, dose 

 everything. Make oHer on LOW 

EQUITY 

ASSOC., REALTORS 
^ 
8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 
^ 

HARMONY H llli 
FIRST OFFERING 

Buck and rough cedot home on 

 treed lot, convenient to school 3 

 bedroom, 2 both, ond den Ce 

 ntral heat and arr, double garage 

 with side entry Mid 3o s 
826-o6o6 
826-5964 

TOWNVIEW ESTATES 
FMS! OFFERING 

Beautiful brick Spanish on o cut 

 de soc Courtyard Formol ond rn 

 formal dining, large family room 

 with fireplace, 3 large bedrooms, 

2 decorator baths, mostei bath 

 hos sunken tile both Mid 4o s. 
826-o6o6 
494-1B36 

YOU OWN ESTATE IN CITY 

 like living in the country on this 

 secluded oak studded acre 

Beautiful Spanish home with 12 

 ceilings, parquet and D hams tile 

 floors 
Your own pool. 
4 

 bedrooms, huge den with 

 fireplace, 2 full baths, J half baths 

826-o6o6 
824 6683 

SUMMER HILL 
FIRST OFFFRING 

Super contemporary garden 

 home 4 targe bedrooms plus an 

 extra gameroom, 
2'/* baths, 

 sunken fomily room with o wet 

 bar ond o rock fireplace, tm 

 maculate condition, loaded with 

 ammenities lots of good living 

 for 572,975 
826 o6o6 
826 6272 

W 
'JOB JONES, REALTOR 

NORTHSIDE 
344 2341 

SO U TH SIDE 
533-7 

Pacje I 3 D 

?o2 HOUSES OREM 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

$18,9oo 

Great price for this 3 bedroom, 2 

 both home that has enjoyed 

 nothing bul lender 
Loving 

Core 
Call for app t. 
BERTI 

WEIGAND. 342 6456 

Proudly We Rove) 

About this immaculate 3 2 2 in T 

Bird 
Hills, fenced, with a 

 beautiful yard Ruby Wright, 344 

2341,342 5847. 

OLDER HOME 

 large 2 bedroom has new roof, 

 foundation reworked, central heot ond on 
Needs point ond 

 some repair Denver Hgls Only 

514,ooo 
Jim longworth, 533- 

7163, nites 333 2743 

NEW LISTING 

In the Sam Houston School Dis). 3 

 bedrooms, I bath with attached 

 carport 
Carpeted 
Immaculate. 

On a corner lot Sherrie legnon, 

533 7163, 333 6328 

DALE RILEY 
REA LT O R 
4 94-3541 

27 2 m 

341 
■ ■ 

I 

6)3o WAR BONNET 

Don t miss this perfect home! 
Perfect move in condition! 
Perfectly beautiful! 
Perfect lorge corner lot1 
Perfect location! 
PLUS 
PEREECT PRICE! 

I ted II 

COUNTRY HOME, 
(OUTSTANDING) 
15.5 acres, remodeled 2 bedroom home, huge tool shed, 2 pro 

 during oil wells, fenced and cross feared, 2 stock tanks, running 

 creek Much more! Close ta S A 

565,ooo 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

O P E N S U N D A Y 
RO YAL Rf DGF 
6147 ROYAL POINT 
3:o o to 6:o o p.m. 
Thin brick 
3 bedroom 
J botb h orn * o fte n e v e ry antra — 2 living aren* that give you open living, separate dining room : sunny b reakfast area; d o u ­ ble aven s; fireplace; in. tarcom; beam ed telling; oversixed lot. Assum e low equity on 
V A loon and m ove btl 
» 4 6 9 o o 
83 4- 
o1 I t A N Y T IM E 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S ll5 2 3 WHISPER DEW 
3:o o to 6:o o p m 
STIP 
IN TO iU O A N C II 
4 bedroom s, 3Vs baths split bedroom arrangem ent. re la rg e gam e room has full at bam and owtsido annonce. 
A f 
O pen den area with high callings, w as bar, w ood- burning fireplace 
Form al living a nd dining room kit chan has high callings with nun _ 
.... skylights and is fully equ ip ­ ped. lo v e ly yard. C overed p atio, lo ft of treas. 8 3 4 
o 1 3 1 ANYTIMI. 

THE GLEN 
7o43 GLEN MIST 
3 = 3 o to 5 :3 o p m 
TIRRIFIC 
TOWNHOUSt lust listed! 
3 bedroom s, 
3 ls baths living, dining, fam ily and sitting roam s Spotless in tro s everyw h ere! C aver ed patio 
Under $ 3 o ,o o o . 
Assume 
$ 3 o 8 month paym ents. 
4 9 4 - 7 6 $ t 
ANY Tim I 
M IS SIO N TRACE 
11426 HOLLOW TREE 
2?3o to 6 :o o p.m. 
THIS M JXUtY HOM! ftlt» on a torn *! lot in a community of noturo! boouty. Tr#m«n dou* 
•fiNr*j»!fiwB a r t a l w l 6 form at dining, b*outH ul (ara# slnglt Hying oroo with fir* pirn w la rg o kite bon with att con vonianca*. 
C a rtlr« « yard, beautifully kindtcapod. 
A a a it to »wlmm1ng pooh, tonal* coart*, lo g g in g trait* 
24 boul tocurtfy- j 4 7 - 3 i l I 
ANYTIMI. 
THO USAND O AK S 
2139 LEDGE VIEW 
3 :3 o ta 3 :3 o p.rn 
NZW 
LISTING! 
O ver 
3 o o o sa ft. (par cliv ta * a ttic *) or custom built butyryl I time Iou* bedroom *. b ygo living room with firoploco, alk oloctric k be bon with tantra largo bronk feist caroa. 
2 4 ' lunation* rocrootion room ! 
G r**n h o u »t and sto rag e tbod. 
All fbi* for only 
$ 7 5 ,6 o o 
4 6 4 7 6 5 1 
ANYTIME. 

A4 A R Y M O N 7 
3828 BARRINGTON 
3:oo ta 5:3 o p.m. hRtCt 
Of DUCLO 
Beautiful ta wish am e. 3 be dr nom s, 3 lu xu ry baths, 3 t 'n I 6 ’ living roam with fireplace. 
S p a c ia l patio 
8 3 4 -o 1 3 1 
A N Y TIM!. 
CASTLE HILLS 
215 NORTHCREST 
3:3 o to S :3 o p.m. lo w 
Tan 
A rna af CA5TIC 
HULS. W arm th and spaci­ ousness in this 4 bedroom hom e on a beautiful treed lot The form al and inform al are as are conducive to en­ tertaining and loads of room for the family, (v a n an antra room for hobby, lo v a ly patio, bay w indow s in living and breakfast ns. C om pare In this are a 
$ 7 1 9 6 o 
8 3 4 o 1 3 1 
ANYTIMi. 
NORTHRIDGE 
423 BURNSIDE 
3:oo to $ :3 o p rn 
IO C ATION ! LOCATION! first offering on charm ing 
3 bedroom , 3 bath hem e en tree shaded lot In establish­ ed are a a l fine homes. I r k . ed for quick solo in the low 
4 o s. 4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 A N Y T IM I. 
M ARY M O NT 
9o14 WIGFIELD 
3:o o to 3:3o p.m. lu x u ry tow nhouse In mint condition. 
3 large b ed ­ rooms, 
JVS baths, study, 
3 3 'n l 7 ' fam ily room, cou n ­ try kitchen with loads af built-lns and beautiful ap pUancei. Custom draped. A real show place with e arly possession. 
4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 
A N Y T IM I. 
SERENE HILLS 
26o13 DULL KNIFE 
2iOO to 5iOO p.m. 
JUST 
UST ID I 
O w n your p r iv y ?* 1 H aer* hilltop with a fabutout vin w! Intro tart)* m o d e m rock b om * with o v e ru se d living a r * * with fireplace 
3 bod room * 
HW ba tm, a ll-* loc trie kitchen, i*p u ro t« brook fat* area 
o * * lg n * d far casual country livin g clo ** to th* city, 
$ 7 9 ,9 o o 
4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 
A N Y - 
TIM ! 
NORTHEAST VILLAGE 
94o3 LaRUE 
3:o o to 5:oo p.rn 
V A A P P R A IS ID — ACT TO­ 
D A Y ! 
Beautiful free lined street in fam ily neigh bo r­ h oo d 
Clean, 7 5 % brick, 3 b ed room s 
3 baths, living dinktg. fireplace In fam ily roam , big alactric kitchen, 
M obb y-gtoy room . W alk lo 
N orth la st schools 
Under 
*8 o ,o o o . 
4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 
A N Y T IM I 

 ito so u r& k S m c 
REALTORS — 5 o Y E A R S O f TRUST 

T 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 

I 
I 

2o2 HOUSES OPEL 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

32o CLOVERLEAF 
O p e n 3-5 
A l a m o H a t s . M e d i t e r r a n e a n c h a r m e r ! F e a tu rin g a ilu rin e Ca- ta B la n c a tre e -u n p o rc h , cam - d e le w ith ceiling ram . B J. I. e . 
H A R D Y & CO, IN C 
R E A L T O R S 

5514 CROSSWIND 
O P E N 2:oo 
5:oo 
In W in d cre st. L o v e ly alt b r ic k 4 b e d ro o m ce d o r sh a ke roof, n e a r s h o p p in g , r e c r e a t io n a l c e n t e r s a n d golf c ou rse . C a ll for details, b u t d o c o m e b y ! 
6 S 5 -9 3 3 o , 
828-2316, 822-1223 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
824-7334, A n ytim e 

58o3 DANNY KAYE 
O P E N 2— 5 P M 
T h is h om e h os m u ch to offer. H a s 
3 b e d ro o m s, den, lo rg e p r iv a c y treed ya rd, located on c o rn e r lot 
P ric e d at $42,5oo. C all 828-5671 
S t r a u d e r N e lso n R e a lty 

Looking for a new home? 

J ODAYS YOWL LUCKY DAY. . . 

High Country Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

$ 4 2 ,1 o o Jo $ 5 8 ,7 5 o 
N a c o gd o c h e s a1 J u d so n 
M e a d o w W o o d North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 

$ 3 3 ,7 5 o to $ 4 2 ,2 5 o 
J o n e s M altsb gr at T h o u s. O a k s 
The G reat N orthw est 
6 8 4 -1 1 2 3 
$41,3oo to $61,4oo 
FM 471 of Culebra 

• VA, C o n v e n tio n a l • Fire p lace s • D o u b le G o ro ge s 

• N orth East or N o rth sid e Sc h o o ls^ 

<D 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN m 
HOUSKA D P M 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• W H ISP E R IN G O A K S • C O U N T RYSID E 
• HUNTER S CREEK 
PRESTIGE H O M E S i 
HUNTER'S 

9 Rolling hills ond ook tteei 
I \ 
C R E E K 
9 In North East ai Northside School Outhit 

9 Recreation areas k i W 
B in 
• Homes 55o,ooo to 512o,ooo 
V 
1 
•SLLfl 

Polio, Garden and Estate Homes Or 
$ 
J * 
' n 

 custom build, and choose decor. 
J 
H T Y ? 9 

C O U N T R Y 

492-1o68 • 494 5249 * 492-2272 

S I D E 

O PEN 2:oo -5:oo 
133o6 CASSIA W A Y 
1331o C ASSIA W A Y 
1331 I C ASSIA W A Y 
13615 CHENILLE 
1333o LOBELIA 
BLOSSOM OUT IN BLOSSOM HILLS! See all S of these beautiful NLW and ALMOS! NEW homes in this great area in the Northeast School District. I and 2 story homes.. .2 are magnificent Garden Homes! All hove fireplaces, lovely patios and most hove cedar shake roofs.. .formol and fami ly rooms and 2, 4 or 5 bedrooms. Kitchens with top of the line appliances and sepuiate utility rooms. Everything you've ever dreamed of in a home! Spanish, Counfty f ngltsh and Traditional styling! 
FROM $49,9oo. to $11o,ooo. 
696-4811, 824-9631 or 653-7341 

G u y C 
A ip m a n 

_____________R E A L T O R S 

 f=y 

F O R E S T O A K S B E A U T Y 
Large custom home with fantastic pool. O P E N 3 TO 6 at 6o13 F O R ­ 
E ST SHADOW . 
Century 21 
Schneider Realty 
696-72oo 

FOX BUN NORTHEAST 
3-4 Bedrooms-VA-Conv 
No City Taxes 
From $46,ooo to $54,ooo 
344-1624 H A R R IN G T O N 654 o44o 

2o1-REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

PRESENTING 
A DEANIE OWENS 
PROFESSIONAL 

NANCY GOODSON 

For All your Real Estate Needs. 

349-51 l l 

 b e a n ie o w n s 
N. Central Oft. 

2o1 HEAL ESTATE NOTICES 

SELLING ? 
W H Y L IS T FO R 9o D A Y S 
W E 
NEED 
L IS T IN G S 
W E W IL L L IS T Y O U R W A Y ANO 
S E L L FAST. 
RO U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
654-7131 
S E L L IN G Y O U R OW N H O M E ?? 
Need action now? List it with 
Hart M cCorm ick Realtor 344-SS64 
THI NUM8IR TO CAII 
IS 225 1666 
CX ARISS AND NEWS 

W A N T E D to buy 
Sm all equity In 
Northside home Under $3,ooo No agents please. 337-6613. 681-3848. 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

WHY LIST 

YOUR HOME 
I 
FOR 9o DAYS?? 
I TOP MONEY NOW! 

$ 
Let me m ake you a 
$ cash offer. 
I will 
$ pay all closing costs. 
$ 
BROKER 
A N D 
AT- 
$ 
TORNEY LEADS PAID 

$ 
S . A 
. R 
. E 
. 

| 
3 4 9 - 6 5 3 1 ,,2 4 Hrs. 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

EXPRESS ANO NCW5 ' 

86o3 GLEN SHADOW 
O P E N SU N D A Y 1-7 
Luxury 3-2-2, split-level m aster bedroom , corne r lot, p riv a c y fence, carpeted thruout. 349-4276, 
494-7259 
J IM VIA, R E A L T O R 

15o7 HASKIN 
O P E N 2— 5PM N O RTH W O O D 
Executive special in this large brick colonial 4 bedroom, 3 bath, format and informal dining areas, family room with fireplace and a beautiful covered patio, B a k e r built home in the 8o’s. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826-6497 
S U E W E E M S & ASSOC. 

M 
1 o U 
P 
6888 MONTGOMERY RD. 
Exceptionally nice 2 bedroom, 2 bath home on 1.2 acres. M a n y extras O P E N I TO 5 P.M., S U N ­ 
D A Y JU N E 5, ‘77 or call 342-411$ 
A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
119 NORMANDY 
O P E N 2— S P M 
G R E A T B U Y ! ! $31,5oo. H a s everything you need: Stove, re­ frigerator, freezer, washing m a­ chine, dryer, included in price. 
Alamo Heights oreo. Carol Cose. 
822-5228, 828-5671. 
S t r a u d e r N e lso n R e a lty 
O P E N 2:3o-5:3o 
13111 COUNTRY TRAIL 
E x e c u tiv e C o n te m p o ra ry T ri- le vel 4-3-2 hom e In b e a u tifu l 
C O U N T R Y S ID E . L arg e fam ily room with fireplace, wet bar, ice maker. Next to swim-tennls club- 
A P LU S! $83,9oo. 124-4571 
NUSH COT. REALTORS 
DPBI HOUSE 
By owner. North Star M all area. 
19oo squ ft. Built-In stereo system, wet bar, covered patio, fireplace. 
2 or 3 bedroom, 2 baths. $45,5oo 
Coll anytime 822-5539 

-k 
A R G Y L L A R C A 
* 

BUILDER S CLOSE­ 
OUT SPECIAL IN SAN 
PEDRO HILLS AT 7 6 
PRICES 
Until commitment expires. 

1Soo7 ELKTON. . .4 Bedrooms, 
2 Vt Baths............ 
$53,5oo * 

15o15 ELKTON. .3 Bedrooms, t loft With Winding Staircase, 
2 Baths...................$57,5oo J 

HIDDEN FOREST 
£ 

158o4 
HOUSE 
CREEK.. .4 * 
Bedrooms, 3 Baths. k 

* 
* 
* 

158o8 
HORSE 
CREEK.. .4 
Bedrooms, 3 Baths. 

FEATURES: 

+ ENERGY SAVING HOMES 

* PRIVACY FENCED YARD 

★ LANDSCAPED 

* PANEL GARAGES 

★ FIREPLACES 

Office: 341-3339 

Residence: 736-o232 

Mobile: 228-9118 

* 
* 
* 

 t 
* 

* 
* 

♦ j 
♦ I 
+ 
♦ 
4t 
4t 
4t 
4c 

 i i 
4c 
4c 
J 
4c 
4c 

 co n sT R u cT io n c o j 

 r ir it - lr i t it i t in k Yr i t i t R it 

OPEN H O USE 
SU NDAY 2 TO 6 
7622 LYNN ANNE 
4 bedroom, 2'/z bath home local ed in French Creek. Wet bar, fireplace end mony built ins. 
564,9oo 
3oo1 ONEIDA 
5 bedroom home in prestigious 
Charter Oaks. Many extras. Priced to sell at 564,5oo 
1o3 PAINTED POST lovely 
3 bedroom home in 
Shavano Park. Located on ap­ proximately Vc acre lot. lots of extras. 579,9oo. 
7634 SUSAN ELAINE 
3 bedroom split level home with mony extras. Located in french 
(reek, off Bandera Rd Stop by ond preview it today! 553,9oo 
344-62o7 
684 433o 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 

N. Wast Ofc. 

* 

- * 

* 

* 
¥ 
¥ 

A L A M O HEIGHTS 
J 
335 ARGYLE 
* 

2 Story Home with. 

* 

* 

* 

Restored Victorian 
Guest 
House and 
2 
Garages, 
4 
Bedrooms, 
3 
Baths. Overlooks 
Olm os 
Basin. 
826-7791 

* STOP ★ LO O K * C O M P A R E ★ 
☆ ALL BRICK HOM E ☆ 
BUILT O N 
Y O U R LOT 

3 B e d r o o m — 
I Va B a t h s 
We alto build larger houses. 
$17,5oo 

 a J I W m 
* f e l l 
^ j w m m r n m | 

— 
* 

 sMTBBBRpr 
I i i i 

 a 
1 

M od el H om e— 
1o11 G ardina 
(O H QOOO Block W est Ave.) 
Paneled kitchen and family room combination. 
W e Also Do Rem odeling A Fireplaces 
349-1491 
3 4 1 -o o 1 6 
5917 San Pedro 
Specia B uilders, Inc. 

O PEN 2-5 PM S U N D A Y 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
W 
W 

B U IL D !* 

- ^ y 
§ l 

V 
^ c o n s iT u c T ic 

THI ACTION NUMB!R 
FOR FAST RiSUlTS 
Pl ACI TOUR WANT AO 
N THI (X PR ISS NIW S 
CAII 2 2 5 ’ 6 6 6 

O P E N H O U SE 
L IV E O AK 
761o SAGE OXX 
S U N D A Y 2 TO 5 nm. 
349-4343 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTOW S-Blonco Rd. Ofc 
O P E N H O U SE 

334 TRMOEll 
P re tty treed lot. 4 B e d ro o m s family with large panelled den for 
I leisure living 3o's. 828-1962 
CAROLYN 6RAHAM 
I R E A LT O R 
826-8673 Anytime 

Open 2 to 6 
MISSION TRACE 

37o6 Big Meadows 
This condo offers California style luxury with privacy and your awn Jacuzzi pool, large master bedroom, living- dining, central kitchen with eotmg bar. 
MUST 
SEE! 
559,5oo. 

DREAMLAND OAKS 
1o8o7 AULDINE 
Don t be bashful, I II let you see how pretty I am, nestled among ivy covered oak trees. Master suite on Isl floor, 3 bedrooms on 2nd, 2 baths. Close to shopping and schools 552,5oo 

RED Ca r p e t 

R 
E 
A 
L 
T 
O 
R 
S 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 
OPEN 2.3o-5:3o 

1 o 6 L O C H A V E N 

(ASH: M U S {STATES 
With o 3 room guest suite 
Stunning one story white stone Spacious 3 2-2, huge family room (FP, high beam­ ed ceiling) glassed to patio and privacy treed grounds 
Don t miss this! 
PRICE REDUCED 
1ooS. GARDENViEW 
Castle Hills, flowered, brick ed arbor entry to this lovely brick one story 4 3-2, ex­ citing glossed family room 
(FP). See this! 
15815 DOE LANE 
University Hills, loop 16o4, west to White Fawn, right to 
Hummingbird, left to Doe 
Lone 
Very appealing brick on K one. 3-2-2, den (FP). 
Seomed ceilings in den and master bedroom 
Sprinkler system Near Medical Com­ plex. USAA, UTSA. 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

‘f l M ' w a w f t 

OPEN 2:3o-5:3o 
5923 W IN D H A V E N 
In 
W INDCRE$T off 
W IN D B O RO . 
Perfect land ping add a to rim bendsom e, ell brick home. 
. close to 
Roosevelt 
High and 
W ind sor 
Pork 
M olll 
Beautifully m aintained, with living and dining form ol living ond dtnlni room s and a spacious. p e n aL ed fam ily room with sliding glen, door a TO a large, cove r­ ed potiol i b ed room s (or 4 hobby lo v e ly kitchen 

 plus a sew ing room ), 
J Vi beths, carpeting, built-in and a privacy fence) 
$«o,Soo 
MAITORS 
494 771 
GUY C H IP M A N CO. 

22o ALCALDE M O R EN O 
IN HOLLYWOOD PARK a°??» 
(Inter off 16o4 at Voight, fir** left, and follow signs) 

A Gorgeous traditional-white brick, shake roof. 
A forma! living and dining antiqued paneled family room with wetbar ond corner fireplace 
A Spacious custom kitchen with large bay window in breakfast area 
A 4 lovely bedrooms master has raised sitting area and access to large covered patio 

A Total energy saving features plus fantastic TREE COVERED LOT 
Approximately 25oo SO. FT. 
$89,5oo 
CALL 4 9 4 -5 2 2 7 
A RM ST RO N G CO. 

O P E N H O U S E 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
12o9 WILTSHIRE 
S U N D A Y 2 TO 6 pm 
349-4343 Anytfme 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blanco Rd. Ofc 

OPEN 2 :3 o -5 :o o 
9319 RA N CH ERO 
In 
LAUSH 
HULS oH 
MT. lA U Rfl. Bumptious M ed iter­ ranean hom e with a garden courtyard, long potto ond absolutely g orgeous landscaping! C athedral call­ ings In the living ond fam ily rooms and a dual firep lace that opens to the dining ond fam ily room s. 
G om e room 
3 o x 1 9 has a handy w et bari 
Bright kite h on-brook fast or a a I 4 bedroom s, 3 baths. 
Biscoe winoes 
» 4 .h i i 
GUY C H IP M A N CO. 

O P E N H O U SE 2 TO 6 
5oo6 G A L L A H A D 
C A M E L O T I 
Like new 3-2, 28x1$ den, 27x9.6 kitchen. 349-65o3, 826-o728 
REALTY WORLD 
M a rth a W orley R e a lto rs 
O P E N I - 6PM 
871o GOLDEN VIEW 
W IN D C R E S T 
$ 9 6 ,5 o o 
Custom built 4 bedroom, 3 batt). oil b rick hom e. L a n d s c a p e d grounds, large Saltillo tiled patio, 
38x17 sw im m in g pool, beam ed ceiling, den with fireplace, format living and dining room, many ex­ tras, built in m icrowave oven, and separate privacy fenced yard for play or dog. 824-o284 
STEVE T. FINCH 

OBIN SUN 2 TO 6 

111 BARCELONA 
Coronado Village 
4 bedrooms, I bofhs, family room with fireplace Wofk to schools. 
Located on quiet cul de sac A pleasure to see and appreciate. 

 nt~2 
*24-2391 
>?* 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

REALTORS— M IS 

Austin Hwy. Ofc 

O P E N 
S A T U R D A Y 
A N D 
S U N D A Y 
Come to the country, where if * cool. Only 5 min. to Windsor Moll 
3 Large bedrooms, 2 file bath*, 2 car garages, 4 walk-in closets, I walk-in pantry, 26' living room 
Acres of oak trees Price reduced 
$3,ooo to $5,ooo H U R R Y . Take 
Judson Rd exit and follow sigsns. 
R E O LYO N R E A L T Y , 656 7127 

O P E N S U N D A Y 2 TO 6 
13118 LOS ESPANADA 
IN V A L E N C IA 
L O V E L Y TO LOOK AT 
E A S Y TO B U Y ! 
Beautiful open living areo with fireplace. L a rg e bedroom s and garden kitchen. Cedar garden room surrounded by landscaped yard. Available to see today! 
6 5 6 -3 o o o A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin Belle! Ofc 

OPEN 2:oo-6:oo 
8344 HIGHLANDVIiW 
In 
OLYMPIA a tt 
CIN- 
TfRRROOK. M ove in tam er. 
••owl TW* pratty 3 bedroom , 
3 bath horn* It ready far a new Family! Cathedra! call­ ing* in livVig-dtning, Family room * and m atter bed­ room . . .carpeting thruout. 
Freshly painted! 
Double, tlnbhad g a ra g e , petto and privacy fen ce. D arden and fruit tre a s. 
$37,59o. 
K Allots t i ] 7341 
GUY CHIPMAN CO. 

O P E N S U N D A Y 2 TO 4 
4619 VUU NAVA 
JU ST P U SH A BU TT O N ! 
To open y o u r double g a ra g e . 
E n te r into a custom d rap ed 3 bedroom. 2 bath home sitting in a quiet cul-de-sac. I large living area at a super aeon $36,9oo N E. 
School District. 
6 5 6 -3 o o o A n y t im e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Perrin Bedel Ole 

♦ 

W INDCREST 
BU ILD IN G FOR Y O U IN 
ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! 
Owner-broker must sell fabulous 
Northside, 4 bedroom all rock House on 5 tree studded acres. Extras in­ clude out building and horse facilities. 
Better hurry on this one at $76,5oo. 
Brokers protected. 
John Philpott 698-1444 

542 Crestway 

Excellent Value ★ 4 bedroom s, 3 baths 
Autom atic Sprinkler System * Landscaped 
C urbed Privacy Fence * Buyer's Protection Plan 

Priced to sell — $ 6 9 , 9 5 o 

CAIL 655-o7o7, 655-8828 

M arshall M e ad o w s 

Construction of beautiful new hom es in the newest 
Roy Ellison Com m unity of all is m oving a h e a d quickly to meet the grow ing dem and for fine hom es in the northwest O n e of the first hom es to be com pleted will be a spacious 4 bedroom Aurora with all the features you ore looking for, from fireplace cathedral ceiling to the exclusive E lliso n 's energy package. 

W INDCREST 
7o1 Fenwick 

3 large bedroom s. G racious form al area with 9 ft. ceilings. Saltillo tile accents fam ily room , beam ed kit chen, a n d breakfast room. 
O v e r sized side-entry garage. 
Buyer 
Protection 
Plan. 
$ 7 5 , o o o 
6 55 - 
o 7 o 7 , 6 5 5 - 8 8 2 8 . 

CHUCKt4SHBY 
REALTOR 

Call 6 8 1 -3 o 2 o for m ore inform ation 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

T 2o1-REAL ESTATE M IK E S 
" b l REM ESTATE NOTICES 
2 o m 
ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOfiCES 
2o1 K A I ESTATE NOTICES 
2oM H A I ESTATE NOTICES 
?o1 RFA! W ATE NOTICES 
2o1 HEAL [STATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE WOTICEf 
2o1 REM ESTATE M O T O 

DOWN HOME LIVING ON CUL-DE-SAC 

6131 PECAN TRAIL You ll love the cathedral ceilings and 

 fireplace, in this spacious TANGLEWOOD HOME Perfect for 

 entertaining, 4 bedrooms, 2 boths, privacy fence odds the 

 flashing touch. S39.6oo. 

E 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

Coll 

696-817o 

2o1 HONEYSUCKLE 
$299,ooo 

7 o o o 
+ sq ft 
5 bedroom s, 
4'/? baths plus quarters. Spiral Staircase 3 fireplaces M irrored wet bar Beautifully hand-carved m ahogany built in glass­ ed bookshelves. 2 o foot high archway. Custom Pool. 
CAU ANNETTE MIDDAUGH 
684-7171 
344-1o89 
344-7122 

VAN BUREN & 
ASSoCS. REALTORS 
SINCE 1946 

WINDCREST 
871o Spanish Moss 

OPEN SUNDAY ll A.M. to 7 P.M. 

The finishing touches are just go in g in on this new 4 bed room 3 bath home. 3 ,o o o sq. ft. of living area in this versatile floor plan, offers lots o f room for en­ tertaining. Located on a large lot with room for a pool and outdoor enjoyment. Priced at $ 8 9 ,5 o o . 

DALCO 
REA L ESTATE 
8 2 4 -o 5 4 1 

H u r r a y S u r i n g 
HOMES bv I 
E G E N C Y 

This m agnificent 4 bedroom , 2'/j bath hom e with liv­ ing room , dining room, fam ily room has everything, including all prepared kitchen and intercom system throughout, plus upstairs view area. It is located on approxim ately I acre with large oaks. 
OPEN SU N D A Y 1-5 P.M. 
3 4 1 -7 o 5 7 
W.F. LACKEY & ASSOCATE5 

. - . a * 

EXECUTIVE C O U N T R Y ESTATE 

I ACRE 4-bedroom, w oodburnm g fireplace, patio, energy package, m any extras Quiet country living — with oil the city conveniences 
NO CITY TAXES One of a kind W ooded lot Purchase before price in crease A bargain at around S61 .OOO 
Call Tom Hotm an or Doug How ard 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 
1655 COPPERFIELD 

CORNER LOT PERFECTION 

62oo SPRINGTIME 

I deal location for an ideo I home loaded with luxury features, including fireplace, cathedral ceilings and privacy fencing. The paneled den and breakfast bor ore eye catchers, and the exclusive energy package makes this a great find in TANGLEWOOD with a V A price 
$42,6oo! 

U S H O M E 
T ! Ray Ellison 
Homes 

 coll 

696-817o 

I 161 I S A N D M A N 
ENCHANTED FOREST 
OPEN SU NDAY I TO 6 

C H IL D R E N G O N E O R G O IN G — Discover tran­ q u il^ in this prestigious brick hom e which features 2 
M A S S IV E bedroom s, lovely living, dining room. 
Sp aciou s den and a large fam ily room with a rustic fireplace. BU Y T O D A Y , M O V E IN T O M O R R O W . 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF H O M ES 
691-1 121 

918 SA D D LEBRO O K 

Three bedrooms and two full baths, along with privacy fence all 

 electric kitchen and the truly effective Ellison energy package 

 m akes this lovely home ideal far the grow ing fam ily looking for a 

 reasonable price of S32.2oo VA, with no city taxes in beautiful 

HERITAGE FARM 
FOR MORE IN F O R M A T IO N i i R u m s o n 673.41e4°" 

3 ACRES PLUS 

Custom built home, 3ooo sq. ft., three bedrooms, built-in kitchen, breakfast area, separate dining room, extra large family room, fully carpeted and draped, three covered patios, loads and loads of extras beautifully landscaped. NE Bexar County. No city taxes. $95,ooo. 

U N IV ER SA L REALTY 
6 5 8 -4 7 6 6 

IN SUMMIT OAKS 

O n Two Acres W ooded Land • 2 4 o o sq. ff. Living area 
• Two Separate Central Air Units • See at 2 2 3 1 o Cielo 
Vista • North on IH IO to Leon Springs Exit then Under 
IH IO Left on Access Rd. to Cielo Vista. 
Total Price $59,75o 

Swinney Co. 4921o22 or 65«-o29o 

CORNER LOT CONVENIENCE! 

117o3 SPRING SHADOW 

 live within walking distance of pools and tennis courts, while the children walk to school daily from this lovely home featuring Spanish archs, at an atfordoble V A price of $ 36 ,8oo This one has an exclusive energy package to boot in beautiful BA BC O C K NO RTH 

ETJ Ray Ellison 
LL) Homes 

Call 

696-817o 

O W N A. . . 

M IK E K IN D ER O R IG IN A L 

IN 

OAK VALLEY - OAK CREEK NW 

INTEREST RATES ARE 
G O IN G UP! 8 !/i% TO 8V4% ! 

Lumber, labor, etc. going up to! Buy now! 9 models open daily! $ 7 9 ,5 o o to $ 1 1 5 ,o o o ! 
Trade your home for the down payment! 5-4- 
3 bedrooms, 4-3 baths. 
9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, original designs, will trade. O ur Vance 
Jackson, I mile from 41o. 
'B u d d e r 

6 9 6 - 8 3 3 o 

8336 Highland View 
In Olym pia 
NEAR RANDOLPH 

Beautiful 4 bedroom, 2 both hom e with open living area. Wood burning fireplace, cathedral ceilings, intercom system, all ap ­ pliances Double finished garage, terraced back yard, beautifully landscaped. Large variety of fruit trees. You'll love this one. See to appreciate! $41,5oo. 

R A N D O LPH 
REALTY 
6 5 8-53o 1 

BOERNE AREA 
N ative Rock on 4.1 Acres. $56,9oo 

Prestigious living in custom hom es by M S F Construction Com pony 
The model pictured obove offers soaring views of nearby Hill Court try. This beautiful country hom e is landscaped by nature, nestled in it s own gove of trees. For your "place in the country' 
A quality custom hom e of antique brick blended with fine country wood with fireplace, window seats, decorator interiors, beam ed ceilings and spacious 2 car garage 

PHONE 2 4 9 -2 o 3 1 COLLECT 
4 2 4 M A IN STREET, BOERNE 
EVELYN HARDCASTLE 
PHIL M U STO 
2 4 9 -3 4 5 1 
5 3 7 -4 4 o 3 

49o5 ALTHEA 
OPEN SU NDAY 2 To 6 
COUNTRY LIVING 

W IT H ALL CITY C O N V E N IE N C E S . Beautiful '/» acre lot with huge oak trees. 3 very large bedroom s, 2 baths, separate living room and dining room, fom ily room with lots of built-ins, double garage, covered patio. Call for details. 
REESE HENRY 
655-3584 Anytime 

22o2 PEACH B LO SSO M 

It bos everything you could ever wont in a home! featured in this lovely 3 bedroom, 2 both hom e is o single living oreo with fireplace and exposed beam ed ceiling Built-in kitchen, separate utility room, separate dining area with built-in chino cabinet and pantry. The moster bedroom features exposed beamed ceiling and the rooster both has o sunken shower and dressing oreo. It is fully carpeted, bos central heat end oir, and 1599 sq. ft. Convenient to Coker 
Elementary, Regency Jr. Hi, ond Mac Arthur High All of this and 

 more for only $47,5oo. 
8 2 6 - 2 3 2 I 

REALTOR 

 i n t 
. 
GARRETT BRO I l l 

HERS v /m /k 

HILL COUNTRY LIV IN G 
AT ITS FINEST 
Distinctively different home situated on alm ost 4 acres, with pool and stables. U p on entering the white Austin stone home, one steps into a 2 '/a story high, living area with sunken pit a n d fireplace. The m aster suite is located a few steps up, including a balcony a n d study. 2 other bedroom s a n d bath are located on the lower level. Heavily w o o d e d with oak trees; 2 o m inutes from S.A. in W in d w o o d Estates 
This property must be seen to be appreciated. O n ly 
$ 1 6 8 , o o o . 
1-249-3545 or 249-3867 
R.M. GEORGE REALTY 
242 S. Main 
Boerne, Tx. 

ALL CONCRETE HOME 

O u t N acogdoch es. N ew very unusual 3 -2 -1 . Large single living area, formal dining, low utility cost, carpet thruout, fireplace, dishw asher, garbage disposal, range, refrigerator, trash compactor, privacy fence. Saltillo tile patios front and back. 
$ 3 5 ,9 o o . Call for an appointm ent. 
3Vj Acres Wooded Land ★ Plenty of 
Room for Tennis and Pool ★ Over 35oo sq. ft. Living Area ★ See at 229o2 Cielo 
Vista * 2 Miles West of IH-1o between 
Babcock and IH-1o. $97,5oo. 

WHITE/W YATT ASSOCIATES 
655-7641 
RH 
W m . Sw im m ey Co. 
4 9 2 -1 o 7 2 
6 5 8 -o 2 9 o 

3 8 o o sq. ft. of living area priced below replacement cost! 4 bedroom s (1 6 x 2 2 master), 3 baths, den with a fireplace, 2 o x 2 o gam e room , bar with wine closet, all electric kitchen, built-in vacuum system, burglar bars on w indow s, sprinkler system, intercom, 
2 patios with built-in BB G . Large lot. Prestigious hom e priced to sell at $ 9 8 ,5 o o . Show n by appointm ent only. 
H S REALTY 
Scotty Cloudt, Realtor 
8 2 4 -7 4 1 7 
3 4 4 -5 6 3 3 

BULVERDE HILLS 
3o8o4 BUCK LANE 
3-2-2, fireplace, formal dining room. 
12x2o "bonus" room. Patio, 15ox25o 
(.86 acre) Country-sized lot. Completed and ready to occupy. Priced to sell! 
$54,5oo. 
JIM HARDIN, REALTOR 
497-353o 

BY OW NER 

GREENBRIER 

Off Callaghan and IH IO 3*1-1, newly carpeted and painted throughout. 
Excellent condition. 
Well kept yard with large trees. 

’ 2 5 , 2 5 o 

3 4 2 - 3 5 8 8 

W INDCREST 
7o6 WEATHERLY 
OPEN SUNDAY l l A.M. TO 6 P.M. 
PRICE REDUCED FOR Q U IC K SELL 
OW NER HAS M O V ED 
4 bedroom , 2 '/* bath, all brick hom e with SUPER floorplan. 
Including a split-bedroom arrangem ent. 
Free form G a ry Pool, with unique landscaping for privacy. $ 7 5 ,o o o 
DALCO 
REAL ESTATE 
824-o541 

GARDEN KITCHEN 

O ve rlook s miles of lush valley. Redw ood and brick home. 
4 bedroom s, 
3 Vj baths, 
2 fireplaces, with 2 or 4 acres. 
OPEN THIS WEEKEND 
TRAILW OOD 
17 M iles N W of W onderland on IH IO 
KCN CO 
Custom Home Builders 
6 9 8 -2 4 4 5 

T I 

T 
W k 
I t 
^ 
/ n 

 pli 

H 
% 
A i4 i1 i. il ....................ml 

COLONIAL BA RO N 

SHAVANO PARK EXECUTIVE 
1o5 PAINTED POST 

SHAVANO 
PARK 
— 
Mini-estate, 
I 
Acre. 
Traditional charm, 
4 bedroom, 
3 bath, fireplace, beamed family room, country kit­ chen. All the conveniences of a "Today 
Home”. Must see! For the discriminating, 
$115,ooo. 
696-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

BEAUTIFUL O A K HILLS 

NON-COMMERCIAL! 

CANCELLABLE WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

E X P R E S S . N E W 
S 
D 
A 
M 
I 
1 
C 
A 
H 
C 
SH 
TEXAS SIZE BU11A1£1AUS SAVINGS 
I 

2 LINES 
IO DAYS 
QUICK RESULTS! 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

O PEN SU N 2 TO 6 

11235 WHISPER 
SPRINGS 
Excitingly different 
3-2-2 in prestigious Whispering Oaks. This lovely home bos 16x1? study with view, 3 decks, wet bor in fomily room, large lot with mony trees. $92,9oo. 

213 TOMAHAWK 
IN Hill COUNTRY VILLAGE - Com­ fortable, rambling, all rock coun­ try 3 bedroom, 2 both home on 
51/? ocres of beautiful Oak Trees. 
Country kitchen, large game room, two fireplaces. $1o5,ooo. 

2o7 E. WOODLAKE 
DR. located in prestigious OAK HULS. 
Clean, spacious, well built 3 bedroom nome is beautifully pric­ ed at $57,9oo. 

4o15 BRETTON 
RIDGE 
See this neat Village North, 3 bedroom, 2 both nome. Nice neighborhood, located on quiet cut de-soc street. In Highly desir­ ed N E. School District too! Only 
$27,5oo. 

1253o PRIMA VISTA 
In El Dorado Next to club, pool, and tennis court, on corner lot, loaded with extras. This lovely 3- 
2 2 has two living areas and split bedroom arrangement. Must see this one. $48,5(io. 

12714 LA BAHIA 
In El Dorado, near everything. A real Spanish beauty, witn heated tropical pool. 3-2-2, with huge moster Bedroom with dressing area large covered patio, ana much more. 
Will go quick, 
$48,ooo 

1o711 EDGEFIELD 
Beautiful trees, covered patio, this lovely 3-2 2, has large living room and lorge fomily room wit! split bedrooms, ond mony extras. 
Super location. $34,5oo. 

44o1 SHAKERTOWN 
Beautiful 3 bedrooms, 2 full bath townhouse. 
Convenient to 
Medical School. No maintenance fees. Double attached garage. 
Great for bachelor or young cou­ ple with small children. Family room with fireplace. $37,7oo. 

49o7 BELLE ELLEN 
White brick, 
Spanish con­ temporary 3-2-2, plus study, library, ond fomily room, formal living and dining, double fireplace, very unique property. 
Below morket at $69,9oo. 
344-3o78 
828-8241 
494-7711 
656-3441 

R I D C A R P E T 

OPEN HOUSES 

SUNDAY I TO 5 P.M. 

JEFFER SO N A R EA 
21 I JO H N P A G E 
Well kept older home. Beautiful oaks and pecan trees. 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths. Beautiful oak ond pecan trees. Priced in upper 
3o s. 824 o171 

CAM ELO T ll 
8526 G LEN CO URT 
3 2 2, possibly a 4-2, privacy fen­ ce, corner lot, convenient for militaries. 824-o171. 

121o7 LA S N U BES 
ELD O RAD O SPEC IA L 
Assume this immaculate doctor's home, low payments, low equity, 
3-2-2 with all the extras. Club facilities available. 656-1234. 

16414 LEDGE W A Y 
Executive home in Thousand 
Oaks. 3-2-2 with large gomeroom ond double fireplace. 494-5221. 

5258 PRIN C E V A LIEN T 
Immaculate 4 bedroom, 2 bath and double finished garage. Pro­ fessionally landscaped. 494-5221. 

21 IO F A W N G Len 
4 2 2 in Ook Hollow Estates (San 
Pedro Hills). 494 5221. 

O PEN SU N D A Y 9-5 
CORNER IH-35 ACCESS RD. 
& EM 1518 NEAR SELMA 
Approx. 5 acres with 2 bedroom house, several storage buildings, pecan and fruit trees. 494-5221. 

REALTY WORLD 

ADVANCE PREVIEW of 
HIT OF 1977 

Son Pedro Hills Parade 
2431 BLUFFRIDGE 

Open I to 7 
3-2-2, MICRO WAVE OVEN 
$5 7,9oo 

Take 
Heimer 
Rd. to 
Shadow Cliff to Henderson 
Ross, Left lo Bluff Ridge 

494-16o1 
494-3o12 
REALTY WORLD 
^COMPASS REALTY 

OPEN HOUSE SUNDAY 

2 to 6 
5314 LAS CAMPANAS 
SPARKLING 
HOME for en- terloining...WALK to elementary school ond pool from this SUPER immaculate home. 
Oversized covered patio, intercom, free­ standing fireplace, extros galore. 
Niles 657 1164, or 826-7668 

D AY OR NITE 
655-6848 

 m o rta r! so u th w e st re a lty 

O PEN SUN DAY 3 TO 6 
9622 BOUTWELL 
Off Callaghan Rd. in prestigious area. This white brick and cedar with 4 bedrooms, J baths, den with a fire p la c e , vum m y k itc h e n , beautiful patio and double garage. 
Low 7o's. Otter submitted milan W aite 735-6876 

I X P R IS S AN D N IW S 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o4WoPERTY OUT OF TOWN 
,21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday June 5, 1977 

O PEN SU N D A Y 
1:oo ti! 7 :o o p.m . 
IN BEAUTIFUL CHURCHILL ESTATES 
148o3 GALLANT FOX 

Lovely 2 story white brick home on a wooded corner lot 4 bedrooms, ?'-! baths, study, playroom, clutter room ond oil the other features that you would expect in o top quality home Built by Superb Homes (ieese and 
Bruce Baker). A gracious home for $88,6oo Other homes under con­ struction $8o,1oo to $88,ooo. 
Call 824-o1 21 A nytim e 
Kosour&Vfiim. 
REALTORS 
5o YEARS OF TRUST 

O PEN SUN 2 TO 6 
4o27 GLENROCK 
A truly lovely home with 4 large bedrooms and 2 baths. 3oxlS fomily room with fireplace. 
Almost 24oo sq. ft. of luxury. 
16422 LEDGE POINT 
Don f wait another minute to see this more for your money home. 
Better than new, 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, plus den with fireplace. 
Also includes a ployroom, office ond lots of built- ins, 
16414 LEDGE TRAIL 
Immaculate all brick, one story home, 3 lorge bedrooms, 2 living oleos ond fireplace. Mony built- ins, extro nice kitchen and breakfast area. Pretty treed yard. 
Priced to sell. $58,6oo. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS—MU 
N. Control Ole. 

 a c c 
OPEN HOUSE 3 TO 5 

1o4o3 SUNFLOWER 

(OEF 
LOCKHILl SELMA) 
Magnificent brick nestled high on lush landscaped setting 28x22 garden rm. has slate floor, high cathedral ceilings, wet-bor. Par quet floors in foyer, living, dining, breokfost rats. Moster suite with sitting rm. 3-2 plus qtrs. Quick possession. $129,5oo. 

221 BURR ROAD 

TERRELL HILLS - Ook floors refinished in this stotely 2-story brick overlooking golf course. 3- 
2'/r plus qtrs. living room with FP opens to sitting room, formal din­ ing and morning rms. Central heat-oil, sprinkler system. 

JONES-KING 
826-2439 

O PEN SU N 2 TO 5 
9o7 ARIZONA ASH 
HIDDEN FOREST 
Of# Ritters Rd. 
A new home with 1,924 sq. ft. of enchanting living oreo. Huge den with fireplace, tiled dining, sunken living, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, and big kitchen. No city taxes - pool, tennis and club for the fomily or foe your enjoyment. 
555,8oo. 

171o PARHAVEN 
OAK HAVEN HEIGHTS lf you are lookna for a 3 bedroom 
2 both large living area with fireplace, 2 patios, court yord, on o beautiful corner lot - drop by! 
Hostess Rose lilly. 

349-1438 

O PEN 3 :o o -6 :o o 
31o W. SILVER SANDS 

In 
ENCHANTED 
FO REST off 
W EST A V E. or S A N PEDRO. 
C o nven ien tly lo ca te d , custom buiH hom o h a t tfxTnklered law ns, c o v e re d p a t io 
In p riva cy fe n ce d b ack ya rd ! 
P re tty tre e s! 
Fu lly ca r­ p ete d. . .living-dm lng and fom ily room s. . .A re o la te , real w o od p an e lin g an d now , custom d ra p e rie s ! 
3 b e d ­ rooms w ith built in storage! 
Terrific kitch en w ith p antry, n ew d ishw ash er and a food center. 
154,9oo. 
KMTOXS 
494 7771 

G U Y C H IP M A N CO. 

2 LOVELY HOMES 
For You To In sp ect 
O P C N 2 -6 P M 
For Directions Call 
6 5 3 -6 1 8 2 A n y tim e 

641o MCKEON ... East Terrell 
Hills Heights. 4 bedrooms, 2'/» bath, 
2 car garage. 
Has 
EVERYTHING! You will like ... see today! 

681o 
BURNLEY 
_. 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, garden kit­ chen, huge fireplace. MUCH 
MORE ... See today! 
CENTURY 21 
H A P RESER 
653-6182 ANYTIME 

TI IPyx 
( 

 ow 

 r 7 *7 " . k' l f/ 

REALTY WORLD 

C O N T EM P O R A R Y 
1341 I C assia W a y 
B lossom Hilts 
O P EN IO to 7 
Soonish 
Tile 
R oof, 
3-3-2, 
Microwave oven, massive wet1 b ar. Den 3 4 x 2 3 . 
FIRST O FFER IN G 
T ake H e im e r Rd to 
P e re n n ial to C assia W a y 
R e a lty W o rld 
Com pass R o a lty 
A 
4o 4 -1 6 o ) 
194-3o13 

O PEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 
421 I SM O K E RID G E 
In 
NO RTH ERN 
H ILLS of# 
SC ARSD ALE. im press your friends w ith this stunning, custom built hom e! D ram atic en try hall bas rich tile th at 
I continues into the fo rm al dining room . . .the living room has an en orm ous, ra is­ ed h earth fire p lac e ! 
C o ly study has m any b u iltin * ! 4 bedroom s, 
2 baths. . .g re at storage. P atio tool 
$59,9oo 
BEALTOKS 
124-9631 
G U Y C H IPM A N CO. 

7315 GLEN CROFT 
(OFF GLEN BRIAR) 

2-5 P.M. 

Pretty 3 bedroom, 2 both, 

 single garage, central 

 heat-air, on quiet street 

 with shade trees and fen­ 

 ced yord. Im m aculate con­ 

 dition. A value at 523,5oo. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

691-1 I I I 656-552o 341 9191 

REALTY WORLD 
Heritage Park 
O p en I to 7 
1 4 2 ! I Susancrest 
3-2-2— $ 4 8 ,5 o o 
17o4 Autum n W o o d s 
3-2-2— ‘$ 4 8 ,9 o o 
Trades C o nsid ered 
Take 
Son 
Ped ro to 
Brook 

Hol,° " i ue ‘o lty nW 
! l 
Com pass R e a lty 
494-16o1 
494-3o13 

O PEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 
738 SU SIE CO URT 
In 
ENCHANTED 
FO REST off 
SA N D M A N . O p en the door to the p re tty e n try ond yo u 'll see that 
M rs. 
C lean lives h ere! 
Im m acu late, 
3 bedroom hom e has 
3 tile baths. . .sunny kitch en w ith a new d ishw ash er an d a bu ilt­ in double o v e n ! living -din in g com bination plus a p an ele d fam ily room 
16x14.1o1 
Patio . . .g re at tre e s! 
5554)oo 
MAUOtt 
494 777! 
G U Y C H IP M A N CO. 

OPEN HOUSE 
Sun. 2-5 
122o6 Madrigal ^ 
Outstanding Spanish 4 2-2 in El 
Oorado with opprox. 19oo sq. ft., fireplace, wall to well carpet, lorge landscaped yord with privacy fence. 
Call Susan. SSO,8oo. 

VAN BUREN & ASSOC. 

684-7171 
654-64o8 
534-5451 

OPEN SUN I 2 to 7 
4 o oo M EN GER 
NORTHW OOD HILLS 
Come on out to see this darling 3 bedroom home on I Vi acres. 
From 16o4, come 3 miles out 
Bulverde Rd ond turn right on 
Menger. 

REALTORS 
349-1436 

GAUDEN KITCHEN 
OvftfkMtkt mil#* ti talk vtttty. ttdwmmd tad brick btott. 
4 baliti, 2 HrtpkKtt. 
St PWY at* fem# r«*m. Atmas) am - ptofad- AmiteMt witk 2 tr 4 aer**. 
OPEN THIS WEEKEND 
T R A IIW O O D 

I J Mi. Northwest of 
Wonderland on IM-1o 
KCW CO 
Custom Horn* Builders 

698-2445 

O PEN HOUSE 
SUN. 1-6 P.M. 

1o7o7 OLD BLUE LANE 

OAK CREEK NW- 

$1o9,ooo makes this 3,37o sq, ft. home the best buy in this exclu­ sive area! Contemporary 5 bed­ room, 4 baths ond 2 big living aieus 
BY O W N E R 
69o-1 58o 

O PEN 
146o2 MOUNTAIN WOOD 
In 
SA N 
PED RO 
H ILLS off 
CH IM N EY 
W A Y . b eau tifu l hom e w ith b e au tifu l landtcapingl Tri-level w ith 3 b edroom s, 3 d eco rato r baths on an upper le v e l. . .large livlng-dlnm g room an d a fam ily roam 3 1 x 1 5 .6 w hich is com bined w ith a buift-ln kitchen w ith ca th e d ra l w in ­ d ow s. fire p la c e tool P a n e le d w o rkro o m in double g a ra g e I a n sa te d p atio. 
559,5oo. 
M AUO« 
651-7oo7 
Luscious, ca rp e te d pain 
59,5oo. m u o s s 
< 
G U Y C H IPM A N CO, 

O PEN SUN D AY 3-6PM 
157o6 B L U E C R E E K 
5 bedroom , 2 'j b ath , double paneled garage, in Hidden Forest. 
Sunken living room, formal dining room, paneled den w. h raised hearth rock fireplace, gourmet kitchen with separate breakfast area. Don't pass this one up! 
681-o66o. 
RED GABPET 
O P E N 2 to 6 
Beautiful 3 bedroom 2 'i Bath, split level home. Excellent condi­ tion, low 6o's. 
4o14 MI Laurel Drive 
Take W urzbach Rd to Bluemel 
Rd., then left on Mf. Laurel Dr. 
Fred Jones, 344-3341, 342 1768 
BOB JO N E S, R EA L T O R S 
KEY GROPP 

REALTY WORLD 
H O I.l.Y W (M IO I*.S H R 
O pen 1o ta 7 
137 RID G ETRAIL 
3-3-3— $ 7 1 ,5 o o 
1o5 SH A D Y TRAIL 
4-3-3— $ 7 4 ,5 o o 
Take 16o4 ta Traikreit ta liUgatrait 
H L A i.T l W ( t ill. II l O M P A N S H K A I.T 1 
4 9 4 - 1 6 o 1 ____________ 4 9 4 - 3 o 1 3 

O P E N 3 TO 6 
13811 BRIAR MEADOW 
IN N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
Lovely 4 bedrooms 7 baths, 2 car garage. Super electric kitchen, and walk in closets. Come see it today!! 
656-3ooo A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTO RS-Perrin Beitet Ole 
O PEN 2:3o to 5 
EN C H A N T ED F O R E ST 
11631 SA NDM AN 

3-2, large entertaining area-cour- tvard entrance-allow os to show you (6o s) 
822-33o1 
828-45oo 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

O N N SUN 3 TO 6 

6 5 1 5 TRO TTER L A N I 

CANTER FIELD AREA 
O f f EV ER S RO. 
4 bedrooms, 2 bath!, rathedrol ceilings in family room, large polio, privacy fenced White brick. 
Quick possession $39,5oo. 
O M N 3 TO 9 

• 5 3 3 N O R W IC H 

Right off M.E. Loop 41o in Ook 
Terrace Estates tome inside to vrew o lovely fomily home. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 living areas. Reasonably pnced for quick sole in the 4o s. 

O M N 7 t3 o t v S tS O 

8 o 3 A F T E R G L O W 

(Right OH W a t t A v a .) 
Lovely 2 story in Enchanted 
Forest. Walking distance to oil grade levels. 4 bedrooms, 2!/r baths, oHice ond swimming pool, 
This is a must see 
828-6391, A N Y T IM E 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS—MU 

N.E. loop Ofc. 

I FO R S A L E large 4 bedroom, 2 bath home on one or two ocres with producing fruit and pecan tree: greenhouse, wine cellar, two wells. Beau tiful scenic view of 
F re d e ric k s b u rg , 512-9*7-3357, 
*97-5118 
113 W 
San 
Antonio, 
I Fredericksburg. 
G u ad alu p e R iv e r T ra c ts , l l ocres New Braunfels restricted subdiv. Ken Korger 625-4414 
LAVACA County, Moulton, Texas. 
7 room home, double garage. E x ­ cellent condition. Ideal tor retir­ em ent or w eekend. $23,5oo. 
1-713-721-2654; 1-713-926 387? 
T R U S T E E L I Q U I D A T I O N 
B e au tifu l C olorado M ountain property. Cash sale of <81-4o acre tracts, one or all. Com parable property selling 56oo 58oo per acre, M ust s a c rific e 529o per acre. Aspen, Ponderosa, Pine, 
Blue S p ru ce tree s. E x c e lle n t water G en eral w arran ty deed and title Insurance policy includ­ ed For maps, photos ond details call Trustee, 3o3-576-1o96 days; 
3o3-591-1774 nights ond weekends. 

SUN. 2-5:3o 

16521 BURR HILL * 

(FOX RUN) 

8411 CARPRiCORN 

With Pool 

(OLYMPIA) 

Both ore outstanding, in mint condition. 4-2-2. 

828-5636 REAITOKS-MLS 

NORTH LOOP INC. 

OPEN SUN 2 TO 6 
8822 PERTSH IRE 
Just about new ond just for you with a fireplace in Braun Station. 
541,ooo. 
37o6 PR IN C E G EO R G E 
Custom built 4 bedrooms, 2'/t baths with fireplace and spoce to waste in Colonies North 
146o3 ST A R C R O SS 
HELOTES PARK ESTATE! 
Immediate occupancy under a rental 
— purchase pion is possible. $57,5oo. 
699 -1 o o o , A N Y T IM E 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS—MU 

Turtle Creek Ofc. 

O PEN 2 :o o -6 :o o 
4o3 D O W N SH IR E 
In C R O W N H Ill P A R K o ff CON- 
TESSA. 
3-afory rock 
’n cader hom e, close to 
Elem en tary school (A la m o H eights District), fu lly carp e te d . . -with sep arate living , dining and fam ily room s! B a c k y a rd Is fen ced for p riva cy. 
$ 4 7 ,5 o o . RLA LT O R S 494-7771 
G U Y C H IP M A N CO. 

OPEN SUN. 2 TO 5 
4527 CYPRESS 
WOODS 
IN WOODS OE SHAVANO 
Seeing is believing, 3-2-2, the moster suite has fireplace ond private patio. 
Walk to re­ creational area. Other extros. 

2 5 ! 
Pf ALTORS 
349 1436 

VV 

O P E N 3 to 5 
621o FOHT MADDIN 
Elegant Valley Forge home. 3-2-2. 
A ttra ctive ly landscaped. Low eauitv to ossume 
8'*“-o note. 
824-o713 
COOK CO. REALTORS 

9-UNIT M O T EL -DEVIN E 
2 fu rn ish ed a p a rtm e n ts. I ' j acres, m obile home hook ups. 
Priced low, must sell SAM WORD, 
R EA LTO R 
1-663-2621, 
Devine, 
Texas. 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

MOCKINGBIRD 
Elegont 2 bedroom, 2 both con dominium. Custom carpets ond drapes, fireplace, equipped kit cben plus washer ond dryer See beautiful view of San Antonio from bolcony 
Only $31,5oo, 
Niles, 656-758o. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691 1121 341 9191 

ADULT L IV IN G ! Be the first to see this 2 bedroom, 2 'i bath Con­ do in Enchanted Village Separate dining and cheerful kitchen Eng­ lish Tudor style with a park like setting of notive oaks. Priced to sell at 538,5oo 494 7651 A N YTIM E 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
Exquisite living in this 3 level, spacious 3 bedroom and 2' i math 
Y r y townhouse. It fe atu res a beautiful fireplace, 3 separately controlled heating and air units. A private astro-turfed atrium with balcony. Also a double garage with automa.ice opener. Low fees. 
828 5636 
R EA L T O R S 
M LS 
WORTH LOOP. IHC. 
• BRIGHT TOWNHOUSE* 
Near Ft. Sam Anyone tor tennis, swimming, golf? Corner view. I bedroom, bath-down, J bedrooms, bath-up. Saltillo tiled floors down. 
Fireplace 541,ooo 826-2347 
Thelma B. Pressman 
B y Owner, 3-2' j-2 condo town- home, N E ISD , central oir-heat. 
Fireplace in living room, private patio, near pool party room and tennis court. 824-3917 after 6PM. 
Bv O W N ER H E R IT A G E FA RM 
3-2' j-2 Townhouse. Walk to tennis, pool, and pond. Bay window, 2 fireplaces, one in 12x2o master bedroom. 555oo and assume VA 
714% or refinance. No agents. 
675-oo15 
3-2'j. Corner fenced yard pmts. 
5229. eq u ity 
532oo, conv.- 
Randolph- Ft. Sam 653-8o4o No 
Agents 
EASY LIVING 
Ideal home for newly married or retired couple. One story 3 be­ drooms, only 526,ooo. Call M ary 
Nation 653-8926 
SEIT Z & ASSOC., R EA LT O R S 
824-2385 
ELEGANT 
2 B R , 2 bath condo-in terior decorator lives here Choc, brown carpet, mirrored wall ond F P in living room, 531,5oo 
824-2385 
S A L L Y W E IR 
6564o68 
Seitz & Assoc, Realtors 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
E le g a n t townhome. 3 Bedrooms, 2' jboths lorge living-dining, fire p lace, vau lted c e ilin q s . kitchen has b re ak fa st a re a . L o v e ly co u r­ tyard . Dbl. g arg ag e , e le c tric opener. Convenient to Ft. Sam. 
$43,5oo. 
HED CARPET 
342-3111 
R EA L T O R S 
34 1 48 2 9 

O P E N 2 TO 5 
13826 KINGSBURY HILL 
IN N O R T H ER N H IL L S , 3-2-2, A 
R EA L B E A U T Y 654-6555. 
Century 21 
W A Y N E FO G US R E A L T Y 
O PEN 2 TO 5 
159o6 QUIET OAK 
T H O U S A N D O A K S 
T R E E S ! T R E E S ! T R E E S ! 
E v e ry w h e re you look 
L arg e home located on quiet cul-de-sac. 
Too many extras to list. Come by and see tor yourself. 
656-3ooo Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTO RS-Perrin Beitel Ofc 
141o7 RIDGE MEADOW 
G R E E N R IO G E NORTH 
All brick 4 bedroom, 2 bath home with beautiful kitchen and lots of corpet. O PEN I TO 5 P.M. SUN ­ 
D A Y , JU N E 5, 1977 or coll, 
6S4-I844 A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
412 RITTIMAN RD. 
Open 3-5 
Alamo Hgts. Schools. Sparkling 
3-2 with den. 
Excellent buy! 
824-2486 
H A R D Y & CO, INC 
REA LTO RS 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
C ROW N R I DG E T O W N H O M E • single story, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 
542,6oo Call tor details 655-933o, 
822-1223, 828-23)6, 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
824-7334, Anytime 
MEDICAL STUDENTS i Mockingbird Pond Condominium i Near M edical School complex, 
1 7711 Callaghan, unit 71$. Live in­ expensively, perhaps with a profit j in 3 to 4 years. 2 bedroom, 2 bath, j ground level. Unblemished, with custom extras. 529,95o. Owner, 
349-5694 ofter 6 pm _________ _____ 
M IS S IO N T R A C E 
2 Bedrooms, fireplace. Must see to appreciate. All the luxuries of a good life 564,ooo 696 1412 
FORTONA ASSOCIATES 
Mockingbird Pond 
'Townhouse style 3 bedroom, 2 bath, with form al fireplace!) liv- 
!ing... separate dining... E a t in kitchen. 
D e c o ra to r touch 
I throughout Pool and clubhouse. 
R ED U C ED TO 542,9oo. 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

SUNDAY, JU N E STH 
1-6PM weather permitting 
THE SUM M IT 
35o2 MILLGROVE 
Delighfully spacious 6 bedroom, 3 both, 2 sto ry on cul-de-sac. 
168,95o. IH IO to Wurzbach, > j mile east to Tioga, north on Tioga to 
Mtllgrove. 696-533o 
Prolessional Realty 

Pl AC I YOUR WANI Ad 
IN THI I XPH I SS NI Wk 
CAIL 225 1666 

ON A WANT AO 
THI NUMBER TO CAII 
IS 225-1666 
I XPH I SS AND NI WS 

2o7 WYANOKE 
O PEN 2—5PM B E L M EA D E 
Stone s throw to Ft. Sam ! This spacious, sturdy 2 bedroom, 2 bath home with central heat and air, enormous living, dining rosin, fo m ily room w ith fire p la c e , maid s quarters, frees. Lots of parking areo. 
826-o6o6 
R EA L T O R S 
822-7649 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 

KEY GROUP 
2x6 C IT Y O F H O U STO N C IT Y redeye software training for right indiciduol Minimum J years pro­ gramming experience. 

2o4 PROPERTY OUT Of TOWN 

5 A C R E S at Sm ile y on paved road, double garage and small apartment. Well, fenced. $12,ooo. 
924 8116, 337-4927 
HYATT R E A L EST A T E 
6 ACRES-4 B D R M -I ’ 2 BATH 
F ire p la c e 
As is, $22,8oo, or remodeled with new roof, garage and patio, 535,ooo. A good buy either way SAM WORD, Realtor 
1-663-2621, Devine, Texas. 
2 bedroom rock home completely remodeled on large lot. Some fruit trees, beautiful surroundings. 
Larg e shop on back of lot. IO minutes to Brady Lake, I minute to Brody Creek in the park Sale price, cash $8,SOO. Call or come bv to see: Clyde Cartw right, P O. 
Box 
1o78, 
Melvin, 
Tx. 
76858. 
1-286-4525 

S E N E C A E ST A T ES 
13 bedroom, 2'? bath, luxury 2 story Townhouse, 2 car finished garaqe. 54o,SOO. 684-o711, 684-8311, 
344-4397 

Townhome, Rolling Ridge Village, 
3-2, large living area, cathedral ceilings, balcony, sundeck. fenced 
.patio, pool, club house. Assume 
I low interest loan or refinance. 
684 3359.___________________________ 
3-2 Townhouse, complete kitchen, carport Coll ofter 6pm. 69o-9155 
W O O D BRID G E TOW NHO M ES 
In-town Loc. Super Amenities 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

D U PLEX- New on market. For details, call Bonnie 922 1644 
Seitz A Assoc., Realtors 824-2385 
E A S Y K E E P 
4 units I bedroom, always rented. 
Near SAC. Good tenants 528,ooo 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2S2! 

• EQ U IT Y; New red brick 2 story building in Eagle Pass, 6o apart­ ments, all occupied. Annual In ­ com e, 5136,3oo Coll for details 
C U L E B R A 
P A R K 
R EA L T Y 
433-8257.__________________________ 
FIR S T O F F E R IN G 
3 BED R O O M 2 BATHS 
2 BED RO O M S 2 BATHS 
NE Schools. Owners occupied 
3 Years Old 
587,5oo 
FR A N C ES LEV EN SO N 
225-2398 
A N Y T IM E 
732-4951 
FO U R - P LE X - I bedroom opts, stove, refrigerato rs, air. Near 
Kelly. Good renters 
696-742o S L A T E R R LT Y 698 2116 
INCO M E 
I 
34 units in duplexes. Well kept, always rented. Convenient to all military bases, just off Loop 41o. 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
N E V ER B E F O R E ON M A R K ET 
Super investm en t potential 2 
Large 2 bedroom apartments with bachelor retreat underneath. In 
T errell Hills and Alamo Hgts. school d is)., w ithin w alk in g distance of the 
B ro a d w a y 
Theatre. Please call us tor details on this exclusive listing. 824-3233, 
826-oo49, 822-91o3, 821-5973. 
SA LE H ILL , R EA LTO R 

IO ACRES 

B Y O W N ER 
5 acres completely covered with tall pines and oaks. 3 miles from 
Bastrop city limits. Near Bastrop 
State Park and Lak e Bastrop. 
City water. $3oo down-easy terms. 
1-321 392o; 1-321-9363 

4 P L E X . V A L L E Y HI. I Bedroom units, separate electric meters, 
51o,5oo Dn. $32,5oo balance, 7% loan. 
LT . 
C O L. 
In g roh am 
925-79o1, nights or w eekends, 
673 449o or 512 327-1897 collect 
26 UNIT A P A R T M E N T Complex in the Woodlawn area with separ­ ate meters and pool. Fully rented. 
High income. 
Tower View Inc. 732-6157 

By Owner, 2 Mi. North of Boerne, on Sisterd ole Rd. 3-2-2. Rock home with fireplace. On 3 Acres 
Many oaks. $79,5oo 1-249-8353. 

(2o) U N ITS. Furnished. POOL- 
Laundry. 513,SOO cash down. Good income. 923-2665 

 roe FAST RESULTS 
PLACE TOUR WANT AD 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CAU 225-1666 

4 UNITS 
529,ooo. Incom e $4oo. Separate utility meters. Constantly stays rented. Convenient location. 
G RA C E LA IR D 736-4235 736-ooo7 

216 HOUSES NOOTKEASI 
PRE-OWNED HOME! 
SEE THESE 
AND OVER 
9oo OTHER 
PREOWNED 
NORTHEAST 
HOMES IN 
San Antonio's 
Fastest Growing 
Area 
A C O U IT T A RO A N D 

FIR E PLA C E 
FO R $ 2 7 ,4 o o 

Where con you buy a brick and wood 3-2-1 home with o fireplace for this price? Corpet and tile 
Moors ond oil the standard ap phonies. Terms open. We hove 2 homes at this price Mites, 6SS- 
6848 

L O W EQ U IT Y N O M E 
C LEA N , 2 Y E A R S O LO less than 2 years old, 3-2-2. Im maculate Owner will change liv­ ing room dining room blue carpet 
Immediate occupancy. 
Dont miss this one. $38,6oo 
NllfS 826 7668 
A G R E A T IN V E S T M E N T 

PR ET T Y TA RO - 
M A N Y T R EES 

Someone needs this quaint 3-1-1, for a great beginning or in­ vestment. Range ond drapes remain, built-in* in all bedrooms. 
Terms open $18,9oo MITES 826 
7668 

N E A R O A T C A RE 

L O W EQ U IT Y 

Here s a freshly pointed, inside and out, 3-1 carport home with a big yard. All standard appliances. 
$2o,5oo Niles 494 2191 

PA C K E D W IT H 

O W N E R E X T R A S 
Don t miss looking at this one! 
Privacy fenced 
3 2 2 with fireplace in beautiful, established neighborhood "A + Rating-' so don t pass up! $36,6oo, Mites 494 
2191. 

S E A U T IF U U Y 
LA N D S C A PE D 

Shows like a model! 3-2 2 in live 
Oak Village. Superb landscaping. 
Immediate availability $29,8oo 
Niles 657 1164 

T ER R ELL H ILLS 

Quality 3-2-2 oil brick home, custom built by GUS 
Great location! Recently painted inside with D'Hanis tile Hoots. Built-ins in den, drapes stay Mony lovely trees. 
With copper sprinkler system. $59,9oo Niles 826 7668 

L O V E R S D ELIG H T 
Exciting single living concept! 
Refrigerator, range, dishwasher, remain Intercom system. Corner lot with pleasant view. Shows well! $32,9oo Niles 826 7668 

S P A R K L IN G H O M E 
FO R E N T E R T A IN IN G 
Walk to alem. school, and pool from this super immaculate home. 
KING sized master bedroom suite! Coll to see this better than NEW DESIGN III home with oversized covered patio, in­ tercom, lerrozo entry, ond FREE standing fireplace $47,5oo Niles 
826 7668 or 657-1164. 

A U D R A P E S ST A Y 
Tennessee Plan. High cathedral ceilings lends spaciousness to this lovely 3-2-2, located in a quiet culdesac 
Beautifully main tamed Patio 27o sq H. You will foil in love with this home. 
$39,ooo Niles 656 4781 

W H A T A G R E A T 

R E O IN N E R S H O M E 
Picture perfect 3-1'/»-1, OPEN 
AREA concept with vaulted ceilings. 
Corner lot, sprinkler system, superb landscaping, freshly pointed, open terms 
$25,5oo Niles 657-1164. 

P A R K L IK E Y A R D 

N EE D S PO O L 
3 2 2 in a park like yard, lorge enough for olympia size pool, basket weave fence, vegetable: garden, or flowers. Automatic goroge door opener. Sparkling clean and neat $38,25o Niles 
874 9818 
ST O V E - R E FR IG . S T A Y 
3 I '/i -1, mony nice trees, stove ond refrigerator remoin, large pantry, priced lo sell. $22,9oo. 
Niles 826 7668 

S O D ELIG H T FU L 
Where else con you buy the features ond benefits this home offers for the price! Move in now, 
3-2-2, with formal living ond din­ ing rooms plus separate fomily room. 
Privacy fenced yard. 
$37,5oo. Niles 824 9818 

U K E N E W D O LLM O U SE 
Fresh os spring 3-2 with finished gome room. OPEN living concept 
Master bedroom, 18x1o, $27,99o 
Mites 657 1164 

C H A R M IN G H O M E 
3-2-2, Valley Forge home, low equity, nice lawn, paneled garage, quick possession 
Im maculate. $31,5oo. Niles 822 
9438 
S P A C IO U S A N D L IK E 

N E W 

This practically new 3-2-2 is locat­ ed on a quiet street in a lovely new neighborhood. Many extros were included in original purchase, privacy fenced, nice town ond ook trees. Assume FHA or new loon. Sell or will consider second lien. 
Immediate oc cupancy. $38,25o. Niles 656 
8218 
D A Y O R NITE 
65 5-6 848 

H M H U M I 
( s o u t h w e s t re a lty 

A + B EQ U A LS X 
A S S U M E 5259 month or 5265o down and B u y this 3-2-2 in N EISO and your re su lt is E X T R A enjoyment. 653-4361 
SO DERM AN R EA L T Y 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

218 troilStS WBHTHEAST 

NORTHEAST 

UST CHANCE BY OWNER - 
7841 VILLAGE OAK 
Spacious 
4-2-7 all carpeted home in live 
Ook! Coverts potto1 Super con vement to Fort Sam and Ran dolph! Excellent VA assumption! 
$35,5oo—656 7747 

2o34 OAK VISTA 
$58,9oo for new ones like this 4 2 2 with one large (cathedral ceiling) living orea, separate dining, drapes and landscaping for $56,TOO1 Coll 342- 
9393 far more luscious details on this beauty! 
66oo LAKE Cliff 
Darling! Cul de soc lot offers privacy for this super clean 3 2 2 with separate living, dining and den! A must see' $38,9oo 661 7562 

LICENSED B R O K E R S 

342 -9 39 3 
S san antonio 
H homeowners 
A association 

 with style! Unusual split level contemporary. Atrium entry. 
Sun filled looms bring outdoors indoors 826 3349, 826 3738 
PRESTIGE AREA - Stately 7 
Story, in Olmos Pork Coved ceilings, spacious rooms, 3 bedrooms, moster with sitting room lovely pool area (orner lot 733 8946, 876 56oo 
CHOICE PROPERTY - Unique french style townhouse type in 
Terrell Hills lovely interior detail. 
Gourmet kitchen. library, living, dining, have parquet floors 3,2. 826 S6oo, 
874 S779 
PRIME LOCATION - Heart of 
Terrell Hills, 5, 3'/», Qtrs. on shady acre, professionally landscaped and lighted 874 
5779, 732 1791 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 

REALTY WORLD 

JEFFERSON AREA 

3 IM H!*#***, I iNiTfis w»H» mn tot 

 family mmm md rn !ri§ fttfvyt rn 
$34,too mn* 341 SIM 
LET ME ENTERTAIN 
YOU! 
4 
Sa4me». t ' l Se* la a pratttfa ana, rae4y ta* laa tie inane ana. tm- tim hi aflat* ear Sat ae* a taiga lama) 4ia*f /aaa* (al 4a rn kxaltaa 577*oo Neat 344 SIFI 
YOUNG LOVERS) 
3 M tm m t, 3* t tot* tmmnkmmtm wit* a fatmfa fa*««4 fWElt#. imp* crmrI Ihrmf u h nm mnfry f••Af• Aft# t**TMS 
Rf* 
(few fey $3 VWO **•« m i l l I. 
REALTY W O R LD 
BILL SOUTHERN 
342-4177 

CONTEMPORARY PERFECTION 
Seldom do we hove the privilege af aHenng so unique a property far your consideration lush landscaping with magnificent view *♦ pod orea I om every angle Rich pegged Hance m hvmg oreo with natural redwood panel mg (tom Hoof to ceiling Blue earth stone bock flooring rn breakfast orea with built in table of Setaion leather large formal dining Solar bronze double polish insulating gloss thcuout Weathered Idoho born in the in tenor or exercise room with 7 station universal gym. Viking souno with 3 
Horsepowet locum Jubol stereo speaker system built into ceiling and prewired for quodrasonK sound tbruout ftnol mark of excellence is the in­ clusion of sophisticated features that make this home a perfection af con­ venience, comfort ond safety! 874-o121 ANYTIME 

 i f c s o a r & k S i i i f c . 
REALTORS — SO YtARS O f TRUST 

A LA M O H E IG H T S P a tte rso n 
Ave. all brick home perfect to remodel. 2 bdrm, I bath, livina room, separate dining, breakfast room, small family sitting room areo, great lot with pecan trees. 
W EST R EA LT Y . 654 4494 SSS,OOO 

EXECUTIVE LIVING 
TERRILL HILLS - Elegont 2 story brick. High ceilings, handsome millwork 4 3 qtrs , 3 car goroge 
9 hole putting 
TERRELL HILLS - Sophisticated 
3 2 Garden room opens to buck terrace 7ox2o moster suite 
TERREII HIIU - Overlooking golf course, 2 story brick, 3 4 bdrm*,, 2'A baths, living room with FP, formal dining, qtrs 
CONTEMPORARY MASTERPIECE 
— Unique stucco with GUEST 
HOUSE Complete privacy on acre setting 
4-fvS, courtyard with hid pool 
COUNTRY LANE - Luxurious 4 
S bedrooms, on ovei on Dire lorge pool with space for tennis court 4 fireplaces Guest house, 

C|" i 
JONES-KING 
V 

826-2439 
T * ” — ' 

I By Owner, 527,5oo 3 bedroom, I 
I bath. I goroge converted. I Blk 
I from school, ce n tra l otr heat 
I Privacy fence Dishwasher. Re- frigerotor, 655-5632. 

MONTE VISTA lorge brick 2 story Magnificent tntenor detail Hardweed, Saltillo ond marble hie Hoots A quality restoration with d l modem con­ veniences A MUSI to see! 
ALAM O HEIGHTS ficelient location 
(harming 
Mediteuoneofl style home with lorge glassed living area Mid 
SOS 
TERRELL HILLS 
Alamo Hats schools, fresh and pretty, 37, on large lot, centro! neat air, nice den Best buy in orea tow 4o's 
NORTHRIDGE 
Alomo Hgts schools, convenient location 
3-IVY, needs some 
UC . Mid 3o s 
874 7486. 878 3975, 735 o3SS 

HARDY t CO., INC. 

■ •abort 

A L A M O 
H O TS 
By o w n er, reduced to 553,ooo. 3 large be­ drooms, new carp eting, 2 tile boths, m odern k itch en w ith breakfast area. Hardwood floors urn) firep lace in livin g den.nu area, central air, double garage. 
824 3o11 ___________________________ 
ALAMO Hers. SCHOOLS 
4 Bedroom, J both, all brick, par­ quet floors, w ell lan d scap e d , priced in mid 54o's, 181o Edgehill, drive by then coll your ogent. 
A LL BRICK J bedroom home has paneled living area with fireplace, beam ed, c a th e d ra l ce ilin g , 
French doors to lovely patio 
53o,5oo 
R EA LT O R S 
65o 7oo7 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
Guy Chipman Co 

A LL BRICK- 3-12, lorge rooms, built-ins, corner lot. Alamo Hts. schools. $47,9oo Coll now 
IN T ER ST A TE 828 o755 til 8 pm 

BARCLAY SQUARE 
! 19oo sq.fi , 4 bedrooms, I baths, ' i 
I acre lot. 34 oak trees Wow 553,5oo, 
I you can't go wrong 
341 449) 
Niles 492 
I 
G EO R G E FLOOD, R E A L T O R S 

By owner, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, Hy­ ing, kitchen, family room, cent. air heat, 132.5oo 653 34o1 
By Owner C A M ELO T I, assume 
3-2-2, luxury home Many extras. 
Only $35,75o. 653 3289 
By Owner, Camelot 3 2 2, formal living and dining, den with fire place, breakfast nook, covered patio, privacy fence, water sot j tener, 658 4284 otter 5 pm_________ 
J Bv owner, 2-2-CP, clean 2 be 
| droom townhouse in The Glen NE schools, low equity 
Att 
SPM 
I 657 o668___________________________ 
BY O W N ER . Crown Hill Pork, i beautiful white all brick home, 
3 7-2, fully carpeted, formal living and dining room, den and kitchen 
I fully ponded 546,25o 34? 6977 
••BY O W N E R ” 
ELD O RADO , 4-2-2 
I Blk. school, pool and lake 
I 
; P rivacy fence, patio, fruit ond j 
! shade trees on 13ox9o' lot 1873 Sa. ti Living-dining, plus family room j and breakfast nook Built in dish- > 
I washer, stove and self cleaning I oven. Large storage closets and 
I work bench In garage Central 
I ou heat 7%V A 546,9oo 456 7748 
Bv Owner, E l Dorado, 4-2-2, for 
' mal livina and dining, den with 
1 fireplace, approx. 2ooo sa I 71<% 
I VA 656-6833_______________________ 
I By owner, E l Dorado, 4 2-2, near 
' Randolph, Ft. Sam, separate Hv- 
Nites 492-2o56, 696-7892 ; mg, dining rooms, fomily room, 
2ooo sa ti brick, trees. 655 828o 

NEAR W IN D SO R 

P A R K MALL 

(ow equity, quick possession 
One level townhouse 
3 2-2(9 
Kitchen built ins $197 mo Mites 
65$ 7394 
AVAILABLE NOW Spacious 4 7 I two veal old home fneplace in family room, breokfost orea, lorge corner fenced lot $41,ooo 
Niles 655 2394 
CO M E OUT TO 
H IG H CO U N TRY 
Native stone home with courtyard entry 4 bedioom, 2 bath, large paneled den with fireplace, cover ed patio (oil for more. $48,5oo 
Mites 656 6337 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OE HOMES 
456-5524 441 Itll 341 9191 

CA M ELO T I, 3-2-2, family room with fireplace, on quiet cul de sac 
Covered patio, outside storage. 
Walking distance to all levels NE schools. Many other features. No agents 653-698o 

BARG AIN H U N TIN G ? 5375 ts all it takes to get into this 3 bedroom home with air, appliances and 
! carpet Don't pass it up 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates. 696 1417 
Bargain Hunter’s Special 
No down payment to anyone, 3-4 . bedrooms, 2 baths, some with oir and all appliances Payments less than rent 
BOB OePAOLO 
532-5251 
R EA LT O R 

Bv Owner, E l Dorado 4-2-2. car­ peted, fireplace, lorge den, 
653 8o19________________________ _ 

By Owner, Fox Run. 4-2-2, 2,ooo sq ft. ?• Acre Beau tiful home, assume S I I , 5oo equity, *38,4oo 
Balance, 4564o43 
BY OWNER? 

BEAUTIFUL 
W IN D C REST G A R D EN HOM E 
For discriminating people who demand and con afford the best. 
Top quality, custom designed lux­ ury home that must be seen to be appreciated, lf Interested, coll for details. 653-o216. 
BEAUTY IN OISTRESS 
4o8 ARCADIA, T E R R E L L H ILLS. 
4 bedrooms, living, dining, tomiiy room, wet bar, kitchen, m aid's room, 4 baths, party house with bedroom ond rotisserie Beautiful yard, gorgeous frees. Terms very eosy. Owner will be on property from I 5pm Sunday. 224-7171. CHH 
Lewis, REA LTO R 
3 BEURUUM $23,9oo 
I' j bath, big trees, walk to NE schools, shopping center 
878 o665 
736 1764 
675 9387 
WATSON A SON R EA L T O R S 

Free brochure tells how buyers and s e lle rs p ro fit from 
Homeowner M arketing Service. 
No sole I mini will coll 349 4373 
BY OW NER, 4-2-1, fully carpeted, 
I fenced, covered patio, N E ISD, 
1 cent, air heal, very clean 575,45o pmfsSI77, equity and assume 
■ 653-8575. 
: B Y O W N ER , In M eadow Oak, 
4-2-2 b rick . C e n tra l oir-heat, 
I p rivacy fence, fire p lace, fully j carpeted, new paint inside, low 
I equity and assum e 7*/«*<>loan 
Available imm ediately *52-4931 before 5 
658 7884 atter 5 and weekends 
By Owner, 3-2-7 in Olympia Full 
! carpet, all appl*, fenced, drapes. I 
Open financing 655-o454, 658 5584 
By Owner, 3-2-2, K irb y, Tx, as- 
! sam e p aym en ts and e a u itv , j 
661 4383 aHer 5:3o weekdays, all j day weekends____________________ 
By owner, 4-2-2, Larkspur area. 
195o sq. ti. Living room, fireplace ; in family room, closets galore 
J 
P riced for im m ed iate sale at 
544,9oo Will refinance *53-4*81 

CAM ELOT ll 3-7 2 L U X U R Y 
Fireplace in 19ft living orea, huae 2Oft kitchen and separate dining room, low shag thruout, only S5oo down, 5317 monthly! 
344 5564 Hor! McCormick 344 2993 
CA M ELO T ll 
New listing by owner at 8422 Glen 
Breeie, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, walk lo school. Assum e low equity or 
*78,5oo Please call *55 7388 for details 
C AM ELO T ll 
NO o 6 w N 
AN YO N E! Beautiful 3-2-2, carpet ] throughout. Firep lace, air. ap alienees Only $17,275! 
1 22? 96I6T E R R A R E A L T Y ?* H M S| 
CAMELOT ll No Down 
Anyone. Landscaped 1-2-2, flr«- ploce, carpeted thruout, 2 dining a re a s, gorden k itc h e n , a p ­ pliances. fenced. Pavmts. approx. 
I 5365 Hurry. 
828-4545 PRIA K O S R LT Y 654 o975 
$37,5oo 

Churchill High School, low down payment. Sell pays buyer cast on this I yr. old 4 bedroom home. 
Single livin g a re a , fire p la c e , country kitchen. 341-72o1, nites 
341 8294, Realtors 
F R E E G A R A G E S A L E SIGN E 
Cimarron By Owner, Like New, 
1-2-2, Large Fam ily Room, Fire- I place Central Air-Heat, Capret, 
Drapes, Fenced, Landscaped, 
534,5oo Low Eauify, or New Loan, aHer 6 6 58 o325. 

OLMOS FANK-2 ACNES 

Designed by o Ned fold for pleural owner 
High, high ceilings beautiful wide plank 
Homing, standing seam copper loo!, loo mony extras lo descant 

FIRST Off EKING AH SCHOOIS 
Completely remodeled 2 story in most desirable location Entrance hall separate living, dining loom, libraiy. bieokfnsi loom, 
45 ? baths, super gotgeous kitchen 

ALAMO HGTS TMI 
Delightful 
I story buck, on benutiful sprinkled grounds, with mature oaks Designed by ownei architect with mony special handcrafted features, 

OLMOS FANK AN SCHOOLS 

S lorge bedrooms plus 3ox26 lur mg room with oversized fireplace, banquet sued dining loom, fomi ly room with wet bot ond o custom designed greenhouse 

TERRILL HILLS HlltTOP 
Completely restated intenoi with lovely custom kitchen ond baths living loom (slate fireplace), large separate dining and bteaklosl looms 4 bedrooms, 2 siting rooms, high ceilings, daik stained Hoots, new roof 

NIAUTIEUl SEI MEAD! 

2 stoiy with basement gome room. living room (fireplace) separate dining, morning room, breakfast room ond powdei room down All lorge hediooms up with dressing loom off moster suite 
Spunkier^) grounds with pool 

HISTONIC MONTI VISTA 
Geocgmn Colonial Designed for jiiesent owner bv Smiled (ocke 
?S muster bedroom with fneploce, huge living room with fireplace, separate dining, huck 
I'.mind walnut paneled family rodni, beautiful gardened polio 

TERRELL HILLS A H Schools 
On n beautiful, splintered tonier lot with circular drive, Amouli ledgeslone, I stoiy with thick shake tool. 4 oi S hediooms plus guqfteis 3 col coniitlt Homed garage Completely thin ming 

HISTORICAL AREA 

On a 35o' deep lot and 4 bedroom plus 2 sitting rooms up Gracious center entrance hall, loimul living dining rooms, library, bink 
Hooted bieoklast room, large morning rooms, all modem kit then with chopping blotk island, enoimous odic H74 3233, 827 
$973, 827 91o3, 826 oo49 

/ / fis ts * C Jti/ s , / ft/ / 
C A I T O H s 

C L A S S IC S P A N IS H homo has doors to courtyard on I sides! 
Saltillo Hie, huge wet bar, dual fireplace .. only a few of the ex quisite features of this 3 bedroom, 
4 bath home Study . 27x21 family room, fo rm al liv in g , din in g rooms Space plus luxury! 
571,9oo. 
R EA LT O R S 
874-9811 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
Guy Chipman Co 

2 BED RO O M S lf you can aet alona on 2 b e­ drooms instead of I, h e re 's a ch an ce to get yo u r m o n e y's worth! Freshly pointed and all new fixtures and appliances bema installed. Central air-heot. dish­ w asher, venta-hood includ ed. 
Very little cash needed to handle. 
Call 822 58o8 
ED G IL B E R T R EA L T O R S 

By owner, leaving state, must sell 
3-2 modular home, nice lot near 
Windsor Park Mall, carpet, dish­ w asher, a ir, m ore. A ppiox 
I4oo$q ft 
S IS ,5oo firm 
You finance 653-7469___________________ 
BY O W NER Live Oak 3 2 2, one large livina area, cul-de-sac, lots of trees, garden ready to harvest 
533,5oo *55 2934 

COLONIAL HOM E with gas fire­ place, panelin in family room, has 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths... Hvtna-dm- mg room! Covered polio... more' 
$49,5oo 
R EA LT O R S 
*53 7141 
MON F R I O PEN T IL SPM 
Guy Chipman Cu 

4 Bedrooms 339,9oo 
OW NER T R A N S F E R R E D 
And must sell this super clean home. Large bedrooms, fam ily room, drapes and carpeting As­ sum e low in te re st VA loans. 
341 72o1, Realtor 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
F R E E G A R A G E SA LE SIG N S 

By owner, J-1 */*-!, neat, clean, cent heat-air, fenced, storage, 
MacArthur 522,4oo or equity and 
5158. 1o81o Wayward, 453 9588 
BY OW NER, N E. 3 2, large mas­ ter bdrm, all recently redecorat­ ed, $27,ooo 6SS-3I9V 
BY O W NER N O R T H ER N H ILLS 
3-2-2, all brick, 2 livin g areas, fireplace, patio c o ve r, fence, 
54o,5oo 656 235? 

Rock home with airport view on 
IO acres. Stocked lake, swimming pool and kennels. Choice property near countryside 
C A L L 494-5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
R EA LT O R S 
M LS 
A HOME OF DISTINCTION in a prestige orea for the professional 
2-story Colonial 4 bedroom, 3' j both luxury home. 2ox15 heated pool, bedroom balcouv overlooks lorge family room with fireplace. 
Avail. Mid July, so you are just in time for this beauty. Coll tor de­ tails. Nites 659-o12o 654-6SSS. 
Century 21 
W A YN E FOGUS R EA L T Y 
ALAMO H EIG H T S SCHOOLS 
Large 3 bedroom home with extra nice yard . W on't last long at 
528,ooo Call today. 656 1234 
RED CARPET 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
FIR S T O F F E R IN G 
Old Alam o Height* ch arm in g frame home. Freshly painted, liv­ ing room, dining orea, den, 2 be­ drooms, spacious kitchen with a bonus: stove, re frig e ra to r, dishwasher, washer, and dryer. 
Coli Carot Case for an app t. 
822-5228, 828-5471. 
Strouder Nelson R ealty 

IN THI I XPH I SS NI VV 5 
CALL 225 166o 

4 BEDROOMS 
POOL AND F IR E P L A C E 
We have 2 of these lovely homes, I I in El Dorado and I in Olympia. | 
Both ore spacious with 2 large | living areas, 2 baths, double gar- j age and covered oatio. Price in the 55o's. N IT ES 826 oo54 
828-5636 
R EA LT O R S 
M LS 
NORTH LOOP, INC. 

BLO SSO M H IL L S less than o year old, this impressive, 2-story I home has formal living, dining room s., fa m ily room w ith I skylights, fireplace ond balcony! 
S bedrooms, 2 lovely baths! 
571,5oo 
R EA LT O R S 
824-9*31 
MON F R I O PEN T IL 8PM 
Guy Chipman Co 

B ROOK HOLLOW —R E DUC E D 
3-2-2, fireplace, one huae living area. Intercom, privacy fence, >« brick, too mony goodies to list. 3 years old 349-65o3. 341 5851 
REALTY WORLD 
M artha W orley R ealtors 
BROOKWOOD 
Executive'* 3 bedroom home has large den with fireplace, upstairs 
T V. area, spacious kitchen and lots of extras you must see. 
549,9oo. 

MADISON HIGH SCHOOL 
Country atmosphere and summer fun in this spotless I bed, 2 bath, paneled den with fireplace, lorge patio. Located on cul-de-soc with lots of privacy. $39,9oo 
REA LTO R 
Cal! 349-4373 homeowner 
M A RK ETIN G S E R V IC E 
B U Y O W N E R S 
Pride and joy. Assume VA loan with law equity. Landscaped lo a 
" T " and reody to move into. 4 lorge bdrms and fully carpeted. 
Cal! today! 874-o171 
RED CARPET 
R EA LT O R S 

By Owner Northwood Brick 3-2-2, 
544,95o. 924 5417, 826-183? Oft 7PM 
By Owner, North Star Mall urea, 
3-?'T-2, 2 story Pool and patio 
*49,5oo firm 494 1o69 tor appt 
By Owner, Olympia 4-2-2, living room with fireplace, formal din mg, carpeted, p rivacy fence, 2 polios, 7°o VA 658 4284 ofter 5 pm 
By owner. Son Pedro Hill* model home, 3 2-2, corner lot, la trees, paneled den, fireplace, breakfast bay. sea u tility, p riv fenced, greenhouse, m an y e x tra s 
547,ooo 494 32o5 oft 5. ne agents 
By owner: 
San Pedro Hills 
Brick 4-2-2, FP , tulty shuttered, lorge lot-trees 558,ooo Into: Dr 
Harris, day-221 3823, nile 494 1423. 

CORONADO V IL L A G E 54oo down 
Landscaped corner, brick 3-2-2, oak trees, many extras, 548,5oo 
34A5S64 Hart McCormick 344 2993 
COUNTRY CLUB LIVING 
In your own back yard. Brightly lighted yard with 34x18 swimming pool, surrounds a lovely 1oo% brick 1-2-2 home. Located on ap prox 
I 7o a c re s , b e a u tifu lly maintained Coll today tor more details. 
656-3ooo Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
P f Al I OR 5 P e rrin Beitel OfC 

REALTY WORLD 
TH O U SA N D O A K S lf you zrovi ledm (Jerks, lofts, oliiums, ond LOIS OE SPACE fhen you need to see these BFAUTIFUI 
HOMES befoie they ore all sold! (all now lot MORI DETAILS . 
<5oo O S O 2 

V l a n p m a i i k a U U T O K V 

EA SY ASSU M PTIO N • 1-2-2, huge single tiving a re a F ire p la c e , 
‘•Brick, polio- finished goroge 2, yrs old. 
Vocont, 
349-65o1, 
822 16o1 
REALTY WORLD 
M artha W orley R ealtors 

E L DORADO BY O W N ER 
3-2 21 living room with fireplace, paneled fomily room, spacious m aster bedroom, carpets and drapes, fenced yord Assume 7% loan 453 5874 or 654 3424. 

5514 CROSSWIND 
Looking for 4 bedroom s in 
W in d c re s t? This one is open today! 655-933o, 822 1223, 824 7334 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E Referrols to other homes 
■For Sole By Owner" 342-9393 
Son Antonio Homeowners Broker 
BY OWNER 
2oo3 sa ft, on .8 acre (2 lots), 5 bdrm, 3 bath, attached garage, utility rm, sundeck, brick cedar, central air-heat. Thousand Oaks orea, wkends-eves 
494 273* 
553,ooo-tlrm______________________ 
By owner, the Crest in Live Oak, perfect cond, 3-2-2. living, den with FP, 1482 salt, cent oir-heot. new W W carpet, 537,2oo, VA ap praised. Will tinonce any way. 
656-8)23.__________________________ 
By Owner, transferred, must sell sparkling 3-2-2 in Old Form ll 
16oo Sa Ft., F P , 2 living areas, carpeted, many extras, low equt- ty 539,8oo 653 9319_______________ 
By owner. Valencia, 4-2-2, heated pool with SPA , 21oo square ft., 
513,ooo equity, 5354 mo , 654-6725 
B Y O W N ER, V A L L E Y F O R G E, 
3-2-2, fire p lace, oversized lot. privacy fence. Equity ond assume pmts 656 3449 
B Y O W N E R . V o lle y Fo rg e . 
3-2 2 'i, co rn e r tot, A ssum e 
7»«Locn. *51-137$. 

By Owner- Agent, Remodeled 3-1 
Doll House, Alamo Heights School 
536,5oo 123 Ookleaf. 828-2o52. 
By owner, 3-2-1, oir-heat, vents, cal de-aac, patio c o v e r, a p ­ pliances, wail to wall carpeting, drapes, Live Ook. Pym ts $233. 
655-3832 
By Owner, Approx. 24,ooo Sq.Ff. of Elegance, 4-2-2, many extras. 
555,9oo 658-4o36 
I XPRfSS ANI) NtWS 
— 

By owner, Village North, lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, with double gar­ age Large fomily room with fire­ place On cul-de sac. With in easy walking distance at elem entary school. 654 1oo5. 
B y owner, 3-2-2, W o od lake , glassed atrium , p riva cy fence, beautifutlv landscaped, 2 patios, country club, golf course, etc. 
$41,ooo 661-4495.__________________ 
BY OW NER, W O O D LA K E, 4-2 2 
2 dining areas, cathedral cefiing, appl inci, refrig. Privacy fenced. cut de-sac. IS min. fa Randolph and Ft. Sam. $2,8oo equity ond assume $3o4 7>'. VA 661-485S. 

C U R V ED D R IV E. I iorge carpet­ ed living orea, all elec. kitchen, tiered bar, 3-2-2, good buy at 
529,9oo 
ROSSI R EA L T Y _________ 494 7781 
C U S T O M B U IL T tor a la rg e family . or one that needs a lot of space! Moster bedroom and be­ droom or study downstair* 
4 bedrooms up1 JV i boths! F ir e ­ place . pork-like yard with patio 
$62,ooo. 
R EA LT O R S 
653 7341 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
Guy Chipman Co 

DELI6REFULLY DIFFERENT 
Not all homes ore the some, an this one’s on ex am p le ! 3 be droom, 2 bath, livmg-dimng com­ bination with fireplace plus fomily room, wetbar. garden kitchen, located behind El Dorado Lake. 
55o,5oo Nites 656-5584 
Century 21 
M O N EY S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
65* 242o A N Y TIM E________ 
$42,5oo 
Desireable location, close to Ran­ dolph A F B * bedrooms, 2 boths, 2 car garag e, step down livin g room with dual fire p lace into fam ily room. N ice patio w ith p retty back y a rd . 
R an g e , dishwasher, garbage disposal, intercom and drape* remain. As­ sume or refinance. 
6St-3535 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Rondoiph Ofc 
D iv t IN I Swimming pool, lovely 
3 2 2 with covered, carpeted patio, b e au tifu lly la n d sca p e d n e or 
Windsor Park Mall, no city taxes. 
78o3 Sun Forest. 456-8*74. 
EMT TERRELL HILLS 
Comfortable I bedroom, 2 bath home with fireplace. Priced under 
52o,ooo For detail* and viewing, call 653-o57o A N Y T IM E 

ELD O RAD O S P E C IA L 
Assume this immaculate doctor'* home, low payments, low equity, 
3 2 2 with ail the extros Club facilities available 456-1234 
RED CARPET 

E L DORADO S P R ID E 'N JO Y 
Only 539,9oo for this J bedroom. 2 bath. 2 car beauty 
Seeing is believing! Shown anytime Niles 
655 2488 
Century 21 
HAP R E S E R *53 618? Anytime 
E L E ie ANT 3 bedroom, 2 both”, built-ins, corpet*. Only SI,OOO equity, 523? mo 
IN T ER ST A TE 828 o755 tit I pm 
3-2-2, family room, enclosed patio, central heat-air, all carpeted. 
538.ooo Call now 
IN T ER ST A T E 828 o7)5 til 8 pm 
F A M ILY S T Y L E 
4 Lo rg e carp e ted b ed room s, cathedral celling fam ily room, formal living and dining room. 
Private bath in master bedroom. 
Patio and privacy fenced yard 
Prim e NE location, only $38,oor, 
F IN E 
F A M IL Y 
H O M E . 
3 2-garden room, playroom, fire­ place. beautiful trees, large lot. 
NE schools 824 457o 
REQUA REALTY CO 
FIREPLACE PLUS 
Much more in this 3 bedroom, 2 both borne An exception^ buy for $28,5oo Range, dishwasher, attic fomn, privacy fence Reolly neat ond clean. Nites 656-8o15. 
349-4343 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R EA LTO RS Bronco Rd Otc 
FIR ST O F F E R IN G - 
MONTE VISTA 
Ex design. Craftsm anship and comfort. Beautiful parquet floors, large open rooms, lib rary with b u iltin floor to ce ilin g book shelves. Completely private pool. 
826-56oo 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R EALTO R 
826-8673 Anytime 
"FIRST OFFERING*’ in Terrell Hills. Recently decor­ ated. 3-2. Dark stained floors. 
Ceding fan in master bedroom A real Charmer. Call us for details, 
822 33o1. nites 828-45oo 
HARTMAN REALTORS 
FOR SA LE BY O W N ER IN THE 
G LEN 3 bedroom 2 bath, carpet­ ed, large garden kitchen, privacy fence, carport North East School 
D istric t. 
Assum e 
$14o OO payments or retmance. $2o,ooo.oo 
7411 Glen Hurst 453-8145. 
FOX RUN BEAUTY t.ike new >. brick 4 2 2 Separate living room , dining room pius tomiiy room with fireplace, many fine extras and lovely features for the discriminating boyer. Priced in tow SSO *. H IT ES *53-187o 
828-5436 
R EA LT O R S 
M LS mumm®- 
MORTH LOOP, INC. 

C A M ELO T D R EA M - 3 2-2, fire ­ place, appliances. $4oo moves you in. 
*94-742o S LA T ER R L T Y 344-o93* 

CAU 225-1 666 

EL DORADO AREA 
B y ow n er, tr a n s fe r r e d , 3 7 7 
17X4o swimming pool, covered, carpeted patio, clean, good condi­ tion 453-5296 

IHI ACTION NUMB!# 
COK I AST RISUUS p i A d roue w a n t ad 
IN THI IXPHtSS NI WS 
CAU 2 ?S 1666 

BY OWNERS 
SIERRA NORTH 

342 9393 
ISI son antonio 
H homeowners 
Aj association. 

CENTURY 21 

LEON VALLEY 

San Antonio EXPRES^NEWS— Sunday June 5, 1977 
212-HBMEHHRTHWEff 

T E R R E L L H IL L S 
W ouldn't m rattie r My* closer to to w n in o lo v e ly e s ta b lis h e d neighborhood? See this gracious 3 b d rm , I b a th h om e w ith a m a n -size d b a c k y a rd M S ,OOO. tis o171, N iles 65$-o421 us-Home 
KIRBY M ANOR 
Two to choose from. Both have 3 bedrooms, and one has 3 baths. 
Carpeting, central hest and ab, beautiful home 
Coil now for details, these will not inst long. 
5 3 2 - 5 2 4 5 

IU m w 
I 
Mhos *53.551o 

J H A 
M A I R E 
OWENS CO. fA f S m 
WE AlTOtS— MIS 

S. last Oft. 

Very nice 3-2 home with paneled den and fenced yard. located off Perrin 
Bedel. $24,9oo. 

349-5111 
349-3535 
BEANIE 
OW CO 

North Centro! Oft. 

ST Al MSD O LA H ANO n tR N A C I KLIGANCt 
4 I t l l } tsvprtW Wdreew «M> le w d 

S T M * * S S ? -, rad « 7 m m w !w 
•A tim tm IIT,) 
W I MA VS 4 M IC K 

I e e l S ^ J S T 
•IS m w !* 
SSI TM IS I U IS THAM 
$ 3 o ,o o o MODUS 

NORTHWEST 
I 
OC CENTR AL TE XAS 
" 

I 
BU Y N O W 
| 
BEFORE PRICES 
, 
| 
G O UP 
I 
I , S I M O V E IN V A 
I 

I 
V 
DOWN CONVjhTIONAl t 

3 and 4 bedroom plans I 

 f f 7 . i $ O 'J s _ l 4 4 , 9 J o 3 I 

WI Barnes Teature energy I sa zing pac« ige enh j! | 
J heat air, carpel and I 
J h a n ric n fto a .voonbjrn inq * 

* . < f 'p a i . . d r . .> 
M ; jic 
| 
' 'Chef cli electric kitchen, 
I 
I and 2 car garage 
| 

| 
6 FURNISHED MODEIS 
\ 

I 
O R IN DAILY 9 -9 
J 
I TWIN CREEK 
1 
I 
681-3111 t o a o B 
M c e m o ! 

TITLE 
OWN HOUSE 2-6 SUN. - 491o 
NEWCOME fabulous floerjrlon with open stairway, decorator baths, fireplace, separate dining, lovely sunken patio and MORE — 
Come see* 546,5oo 342-9393 

13o AUX. HAMILTON • Ex­ cellent condition and OPEN terms. 
Charming 3-2-2 plus 2 corporis, oak floors, lush landscaping, pecon trees, and super con venient to schools and shopping! 
533.9oo 342 9393 

4838 SHADYDAIE 
Doctors transfer gives you the thence to purchase his beautiful 4-2-2 in 
(lolling tidge1 1oo% brick ond 
2o44 sq ft of living area! 
549.5oo 684-8869. 

*731 SWING HURST - Precious 
3-2-2 close to UTSI. USAA and 
Med Center Courtyard entry ond garden kitchen' 
Drapes, tool 
531.9oo 69o 9571 

REALTORS 
T E R R E L L H ILLS . Nicety decor­ ated; J bdrm , I bath heme, living room , d in in g room ond fa m ily ro o m , c e n tr a l a ir a n d h e a t, stained hardw ood floors, Alam o 
H eights Schools *17 Iv y Lone. 
WEST 
R E A LT Y . 
($4-4494 or 
128-2916._______________________ 
For Fast Accurate Title 

Service 

5 C onvenient Locations 

• 
H IT K . T R W IS • i f rf ti. IM T . \ > \ N FO N R D . 

• 
UN IT \ F M M M * I lo • T2(M» H l . \ \ < «» R O V I) 

• 4T4‘> F R K D E R iC K S H i R f. R O A D 

S e r v in t t S a n A n t o n io S in e f 1 9 2 2 

TH E O W N E R S of th is b e a u t* hove soared no expense in build 
In a o d re a m h o m e ! Y o u 'll be j enthralled by the scenic beouty of th is ia n d s c a o e d y a rd on huge corner tot. Side entry garage, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, la rg e single living area. Mony extras 
Low 
M s . 

$1 TOTAL 
C o n v e n tio n a l M o v e In 
No Payments Til October 
* large family living area 
A Hor*.-offed native stone 
. fireplace 
A lu ilt-in kitchen with micro­ wave ovens 
* View af golf course 
4 bidi your carpet end wall paper. 
Only $43,5oo. 
659-o471 

342-3111 
REALTORS 
(94 1o51 
THOUSAND OAKS. ta il Contam p o ra ry home has u p s ta irs b a l­ cony! M aster forte downstairs, $ bedroom s in a il...liv in g , d ining rooms plus fam ily room w ith fire ­ place B rig ht breakfast room has g arden w in d o w ! A ll b ric k and almost new N orthwest Schools! 
S71,$oo 
REALTORS 
494-7771 
MON-FRI OPEN T IL SPM 

REALTY W ORLD 
LUXURY GARDIN HOME 
This 
HUGE 
2 bedroom beauty features a pool, fireplace, and panel­ ed den. The WHISPERING OAKS area speaks for Itself! Don’t w ait. . . . 
6 9 o -9 5 o 2 
VjLAMPARAMK H A L T O M */ 

 builder's realty 

6 5 5 - 6 3 8 1 
A 
CHURCHILL ESTATES 
A Gallery entrance invites you into th# spacious elegance of 
1719 
Typhoon. 
Other luxury features of this 4 bedroom, 2 hath home include 
■ VASTER 
BEDROOM 
WITH 
SUNKEN TUB ond private patio 
■ Peninsula kitchen with many builf-ins ond adjoining breakfast nook 
■ large living area with fireplace ond dear story 
■ Formal dining room 
■ Beautifully landscaped atrium 
■ Utility room, storage room, and many huge closets 
■ Northeast Schools 
■ 2593 Sq. Et of luxury living 
- S81 575. 
(Built by Remaco Homes Inc., 
Marketed exclusively by 

OREN 2 to 5 
3*o7 STONEHAVEN 
Off Tioga in Co1oNIES 
NORTH 
Over 27oo sq. ft, 4-3%-2, courtyard entry Separate liv­ ing and dining.. .Huge fireplaced den.. io t in kit­ chen. REDUCED TO 559,9oo. 
• 
3*27 MAPUTON 
Off Tioga in THE SUMMIT 
Delightful 3-2-2, formal ond informal living areas .. 
Decorator kitchen with breakfast area Fully carpeted ond fenced. 544,9oo. 
7oo6 FOREST GROVE 
OH Forest Way in FOREST 
OAKS 
Curved drive to this oil brick 
3-2-2, with formal living area 
...Paneled den with fireplace and book shelves, lovely yard! 542,9oo 
93o9 ami 94o3 
POWHATAN 
CONDOMINIUM in Turtle Creek 
Village 
2 
Story, 
3-2VS-2, large living room, 
I with fireplace. Covered patie, pro fessioaolly landscaped. Pool and club house. 547,5oo. 
2134 BABS 
OH Antioch in GREENLAWN 
TERRACE 
Well kept 3-2, formal living and dining, lorge family room. Central heat ond ok. 
Very nice! 531,5oo. 
6 9 o - 9 8 o 2 

 m a im 
G R E A T 
A M E R I C A 
B H p iM il a i ro p j. 

VALENCIA 
HARMONY HILLS 
New to market 3-2-2, centro! air hoot. In very good condition. An ex­ cellent buy in this lovely neighborhood Walk to aN schools and neighborhood pool ond tennis courts. Only S3*,SOD. Assume con­ ventional. 
GLENN OAKS PARK 
Beautiful 4-2-2, Cullom built home with many luxury features. Den, tireptoce, loads of cabinets, and closets A fantastic outdoor living area with a most unusual barbecue! 
Only 552,ooo, Conventional. 
Tour Own Private Country dab 
This is a chance of a lifetime. Fan tostic one of a kind property 4-3-2, custom built home 4ox2o heated pool. 
Tennis court, greenhouse, norse path and tack rooms, located in back of UT5A and minutes from 
Medical Center USAA. Appraised at 
5132,ooo conventional. 
Home Plus Income 
Clean duplex — 2 bedrooms each side in JeHerson Aiea Tenant oc­ cupied A good buy at 535,5oo con­ ventional 
CENTURY 21 
Whiteliead-Hoiliday 
341-7115 
REAIToR5/ 
% 
^ 

4922 NEWCOME • Better than new! 
This 
3-2-2 has large bedrooms and one lorge living orea with gorgeous cathedra! beamed ceiling! Beautiful wall to wall carpeting! 12x27 covered patio) Immaculate! Excellent low 
VA assumption! 543,9oo 
684- 
6345. 

Enclosed w ith French D oors, lorge garden room . 
Im ­ maculate I living area w ith rock fireplace, huge kitchen . 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage. 
Beautifully land­ scaped yard. W hite rock e x­ terior. 
$ 5 2 ,o o o . 
Assump­ tion, trode, new loan. 

494-754o 
653-5454 

SPECIAL OF THI WEEK 

Cad 828-57o4 and be surprised at the law, low equity for this 3-2-2 energy sover home in Camelot. 
75% stone, fireplace, fully carpeted, large lot 538,9oo. 

E. TERRELL HILLS 

VA appraisal of 524,5oo for this 3 bedroom, I bath home. Central heat oh, covered polio, privacy fence Calf 828 57o4 

T H O U S A N D O A K S - 
E n g lis h 
Tudor split-level, J*2%-2 w -iarge oomeroom on high hill and a quiet cul-de-sac, dual FP in LR and FR. 
Beautiful in and out. 
494-S221 
Anytim e 
TRADE IN your old house for a new all brick home. 

EASY TO D O : 
You pick one of our new homes and we take your old house in trade. No bother, no double payments. 

Call today on how to trade m your old house on a new all brick home. 

6 5 9 - o 4 7 1 

COMING SOON ... Adorable 2 
Bedroom Home in Jeff Area! 
TRI LEVEL Countryside 
B e a u tifu l c o n te m p o ra ry 4 be­ droom , 3 bath home, next to swim pool and tennls-A F L U S ! F ire - ptoce, wet bar w ith ice m aker in fam ily room. 
P rivacy fenced. 
824-4571. 

LICENSED BROKERS 

 o p e n H ouse 4 - i Ju n e , o w n e r tra n s fe r r in g , s p a c io u s 3-2-2, c o rn e r lo t, liv in g and d in in g rooms, paneled den, cent. a ir and hea t, c o v e re d p a tio , p r iv a c y fence, m ony e xtra s, low eauity ond payments, *924 Deep Lake, 
Woodlake, 461-4172._____________ 
OVER 4o REASONS WHY 
B y O w n e r, s p a c io u s Itv in a , 
Camelot ll, corner lot, 3-2-2, 175o sq ft b ric k hom e, w a ll to w att, fireplace, less then I yr. w ith full lawn, cent a ir, NE schools, no city taxes, low equity. For other 
*o4- reasons, 654-4o58. 

OWNER SEZ SELL, he wants to m ove to the fa rm . 3 b e d ro o m home in K irb y w ith central heat. 
Low e q u ity a n d a s s u m e S227 payments Call 45o-1234 

SOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Broadway 
N E W H O M E S IN 

N O R T H W E S T 

S A N A N T O N IO 

C O M IN G S O O N 
Another Fine 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 

6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

.builder's 
I realty 

6 5 5 - 6 3 5 1 

Assume a $2o2 paym ent w ith a 
7%% VA loan w ithin w alklna dis­ tance to Thousand Oaks Shoppes 
Center. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and a fireplace. Super deal, call today 
656-3ooo Anytime 

Need T h a t Extra Bedroom? 
This 3-2 could possibly be a 4-2. 
N e a r a ll schools and W in d s o r 
Matt Convenient Ft Sam or Ran­ dolph Only 135,2oo. Coil 824-o171 to SOO. 
Last Chance by awner 
I w ont to sell our * 
BLANCO ROAD 

(Custom 
Mediterranean 
Con­ temporary) — On 2 acres offering a magnificent view of the hills. 5 bedrooms, 3% baths, oversize family room leads to sundeck ond flagstone patio. Sunny gourmet kitchen, conveniently located, ideally suited to the ptivocy of family living or entertaining, 
5159,5oo. Coll Pot Dix at 34? 
721o. 

CUSTOM SPANISH 

CONTEMPORARY 

 lecturing stunning otrium en­ trance, 5 bedrooms, 4% baths, 
(separate Mother-in-law suite), family room with cathedral ceil­ ing and massive fireplace, large separate dining, playroom ac­ commodates pool table. New poof ond sauno. Centrally located on 2 lots 5179,ooo. Call Pat Dix at 
342 721o. 

----------------------------- 
. bedroom , 3 both home ond shore that *% w ith you, but tim e is running out. Visit our b re a th ta k in g 25oo sq. ft of functional lu xu ry on quiet cul-de- sac. 2 huge m a s te r su ite s, u p ­ stairs sifting room, separate bv- in g and d in in g room s 
E a t in kitchen, la rge fa m ily room w ith built in bookshelves and fireplace 
Covered patio, fu ll util room and p a n try W alk to n e schools, V> blk. from swim and tennis. $14,ooo equity ond assume 7 * « v 454-1286 by appt.________________________ 

REALTO RS-P errin Beitel Ole 

JU S T L IS T E D . Fab ulou s 4 be­ d ro o m h o m e . L iv in g - D in in g room s. PLU S S pacious fa m ily room with fireplace. Covered pa tio in excess of SO f t . ! ! ! N e ar swim and tennis facilities. T e rrific la n d s c a p in g 
SEE T O D A Y !! 
554,95o. 828-6343, eves 653-9596 

M a rve lo u s 4 b ed roo m , 2 ba th , double garage home in Camelot ll a re a 
M a n y a d d e d fe a tu re s . 
Beautiful yard Assume or re fin ­ ance 
For viewing, call 453-o57o 
AN YTIM E 

S ia in iitit iu iH fiin iH iiH iiH iiii] 
I 
SPECIAL REDUCED 
PRICE 
| ONLY / I LEFT 

| AT $ 4 4 ,2 o o 

 s Extra lorge wooded ’/j acre wood- 
E ed lot. 4 2-2 features,- handcraf- 
£ ted wood burning fireplace plus 
£ wall to wall carpeting, Magic Chef z oil electric kitchen, electric 
£ garage door opener, full energy 
I 

*" saving package with all brick con struction. located in prestigious 
*s OAK CREEK. Conventional finan- 
3 etna with 5% down. Th^ e honiM 
5 Vm not be available'for safe built 
£ jew days. Call today 

OWNERS O PEN House, I to 6 
3-2-1 4o6 STOCKTON, 341-5o33. 
Townhouse w ith m any plus fe a ­ tures. Open liv in g concept w ith corner fireplace. Lots of kitchen counter space, u tility room, half bath down stairs. 3 bedrooms. 2 full baths upstairs, 17*o sa. ft. Just reduced to $39,9oo 
658-353$ Anytime 

O wner, 185o sq.tt S4ooo equity, 
5335 m onthly. 657-1o47__________ 

V a lle y F o rg e , unique ond lik e new, 3-2, c a th e d ra l liv in g w ith fireplace, large covered patio and y a rd , a ssu m e $322 m o. $7ooo equity 655-4378._________________ 

NEW ON M AR K ET 
Whota buy! 
4 B edroom s, 2 b a th s, s p lit b e ­ d ro o m a rra n g e m e n t. C e n tra l air-heat. N E Schools, a ll thine for $27,9o4. Law assumption. 

In this a ttra c tiv e 4 bedroom , 2 bath home w ith sw im m ing pool, beautiful shade trees, fireplace in fam ily room, covered patio, well landscaped yard. Low 4o's. Nltes 
124-7293. 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST SAN 
ANTONIO 
COMINO SOON 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

Like new! 
Large 3-1 CP. $35o down. 
828-4545 PRIAKOS RLTY 454-o975 
7 PERCENT INTEREST 
523o Month 4 Bedrooms, all elec­ tric kitch e n S Y rs young, and looking better. RED LION R E A L­ 
TY, 
656 7127 
Betty 
Haddox. 
481-3589.________________________ 

 taxi ex aaa aam im ■ af BRAHA MBB* 81611 BMI rf ll ti lf I fTTf rf I f 111 rff * I WII tif f I fit B 

SPECIAL REDUCED 
PRICE 
ONLY % I LEFT 
A T $ 4 4 ,2 o o 

1615 COPPERFIELD 
IN PRESTIGIOUS OAK CREEK 

Extra large wooded % ocre wood­ ed lot. 4-2-2 features; handcraf­ ted woodburning fireplace plus wad to wall carpeting, Magic Chef oil electric kitchen, electric garage door opener, full energy saving package with all brick con­ struction. located in prestigeous 
OAK CREEK. 7V«% conventional interest rate available. These homes will not be available for sale but a few days. Call today. 

T O M H O T M A N 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 2 

W ALL 
TO 
W ALL 
SPACIOUSNESS 
Large 2 story 4-2-2 home In Oak 
Grove off Nacogdoches Rd. New paint In and out. A lot of house for 
S34,5oo open terms. 

REALTORS Randolph On 
GOVT HOMES No Down Anyone 
1st pm* in Ju ly! Northside 
Areas! Less than renting nice 
Apt or home! Call to see n o w 
344-5544 M ort M cCorm ick 344-2993 
G R E A T B U Y iN W O O D L A K E - 
Low a s s u m p tio n a n d m o n th ly payments of only $213 w ill buy this lo vely J bedroom home. L ivin g room, separate dining room and paneled den. Loca te d on quiet cul-de-sac No city faxes 521,5oo. 
Call 342-3211 A N Y TIM E 

Century 21 
342 3111 
REALTORS 
69o-982o 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A LT Y 
456-242o AN YTIM E 
LIF E IN THE COUNTRY! in this 
2 year old Spanish C ontem porary, 
3 bedrooms, 2% beths, 39' single living area. Huge oak trees on IS acres w ith tanks, barns and tack ro o m . T w e n ty m in u te s fro m downtown 824-o121 A N Y TIM E 

POSTAL EM PLO YE ES 
Beat the rush to purchase a new hom e c o n v e n ie n t to th e new regional postal center. We have a lo ve ly 3 bed ro o m , 2 b ath, w ith c e n tra l h e a t-a ir th a t w ill m eet your fa m ily needs. Only $23,5oo. 
Evenings, 653-5651 

C entury 21 
B rick trim 3-1-t big trees 
828-o664 
736 1766 
734-4117 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
Nice 3-2-1, central a ir Casa Oro, oversize d g a rage , ra nge, dish w a s h e r, d is p o s a l. 
7% 
VA . 
Payments $172 Low eauity, w ill c o n s id e r second lie n 
O w n e r 
Agent 822-1552, 653-3236_________ 

W H ITEH EA D -H O LID AY 
341-7115 
REALTORS 
526,75o—$28,5oo. We have 2 homes that feature 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, appliances, corpef, priva cy fence, central heat-air. Flexible financ­ ing. Niles 34? s ilo 

UNIQUE! 

Prestigious in SPACE, prestigious in DESIGN, presifious in DtCOR, prestigious in LOCATION! lf you 
TRULY desire the finest QUALITY home available, see this mognifi cent today, 
IN 
CASTIE 
H ills 
ESTATES! Call Pat Dix at 342-721o. 

C entury 21 
D E LA N EY R E AL T r 653-o55o 
TOM HOTM AN 
684-3112 

PRICED RIGHT 
5 BEDROOMS, QTRS, 
C A S T L E H I L L S 
The impressive wall welcomes you to this brick split-level with 
6 bedrooms, 4% baths, large fireplaced family room plus huge fireplaced gameroom. 28o ft. frontage. Rest and view the stars from the high deck. 
$129,5oo. You must see this! 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

No Oown Anyone Luxu ry 3-2-2 
Plush shag carpet, fireplace in huge tingle living area, appl* and much more, 5335 m onthly! 
344 5564 Hor! McCormick 344-2993 
NO DOWN TO ANYONE 3 ond 4 bedroom homes. Some w ith c a r­ pet o n d a p p lia n c e s 
M o n th ly paymente start af $195 mo 
ROSSI REALTY 
494-7781 

Century 21 
QUICK M OVE-IN No Q ualifying 
Super clean 3-2-2 separate liv ­ ing room, den, a ir, appliances more, assume $295 m onthly, w ith low $195o equity, Camelot. 
344-5544 H a rt M cC orm ick 344 299: 
RENTING ? Anyone con buy - no down - 3-4 bedroom s some ap­ pliances. F irst paym ent July 
222-9616TERRA R EALTY24 HRS 

REALTORS-5o Years o« TRUST 

TRICO, Realtors 349-4491 
REALTORS 5o Yeors Ot TRUST 

Nearly new all brick 4 bedroom. 2 bath home with double garage in 
G reenridge N orth B eautifu l k it­ chen, lots of carpet, plus a fire place Located on q uiet cut de- sac 
For viewing, call 654-1844 
AN YTIM E us-Home 
LACKLAND OWNER 
SAYS SELL! 

Extra nice 3 bedroom home near lacklond-Kelly. Many extras in­ cluding HUGE family room with a double fireplace! Assume pay­ ments of only S1S9 or buy with new loan, immediate possession. 
524,15o. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 (S4-5S2o141-9191 

B ra n a new, re a d y -to -m o v e -in . 
6319 
H IC K O R Y 
H O LLO W —583,5oo. C a l! M a rv 
Natm 653-8924 
SEITZ & ASSOC , REALTORS 
____________ 824-2385____________ 

Great price for this 3 bedroom, 2 both home that has enjoyed noth­ ing buy ‘Tender Loving C o rn". 
C a ll fo r a p p t . 
B E R Y L 
W EIGAND, 342-4454 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
Big tour bedrooms, 2 baths, 24oo sa ft home on 1oox2oo lot, sapor ole livin g - dining and den w ith fireplace and buitt-ins. 
494-S281 
494 2o43 
H IL L COUNTRY REALTORS 

W IN D C R E S T - 4 -2 'ri-2, h e a te d sw im m ing pool, ele ctric gurage door openers, fireplace in fam ily room. Coll tor details. CHARLES 
WATTS R E A L ESTATE 732-2918, 
7 3 2 - 5 3 5 5 __________________ 

And cu rve d rock w a ll take you into the sunken fam ily room w ith glass w a lls, and ceda r g ra p h ic waits Sounds in v itin g 1 it Is! Huge lot, many appointed details. In the 
8o$. CALL FOR PA RTICU LAR S! 

Live Oak 4-2-1, carpeted, fenced, potto, vents, 528,5oo. 455-2o32____ 
1o8m ;88 lot, appraised at $1o7,ooo, 
4o18 W illo w b ro o k . In s p ira tio n 
Hills. W ill trode or make an otter 
Open daily 
NORTHERN HILLS 
Im m a c u la te !!! Y o u 'll w a n t to remove vour shoes before enter­ in g the most im m a cu la te hom e you’ve ever seen. 3 B edroom s, split m aster bedroom, 2 decorator baths. Double finished g a rage , storage. E xtra la rge screen and covered patio. P riva cy fenced a y a rd , on cu l-d e -sa c. M id 3o's 
H u rry on th is one 
494-1951 
REALTOR. 494-1951 

 u s - H o m e 
W INDCREST $73,ooo lu xu ry 4-2% baths. Near schools, golf course, sw im m ing, tennis. S prinkler sys­ tem Avail. Sept Owner. 654-8429. 

E xtra special I bedroom home in 
T e rre ll H ills sellin g fo r the a p ­ praised value tor at 554,ooo Large fire p la c e a c c e n ts th e fa m ily room A tru ly pretty home at on attractive price Nights, 735-4128. 
349-4343 Anytim e 

Carved fro m ro llin g grasslands- 
...F a ir Oaks is an a re a of new homes , horse tra ils , golf, tennis ond sw im m ing! This lu x u ry home includes over 5 acres...a rock ‘n cedar home w ith fabulous flo o r pion 4 bedroom s, 3 b a th s ...flre - olaces in bolti living-dining room ond fam ily room ..fantastic view ! 
A total com m unity! 
5115,ooo. 
REALTORS 
696-4811 
24 HR. TE LEPH O N E SERVICE 

Just com pleted 3-2-2, cedar con­ te m p o ra ry on corner lot. M ony energy savers. NEISD. City util. 
No citv taxes. 15434 W inter M ist bv appt 
CROWN GROUP INVESTM ENTS 
824-9381__________ EVES 341 7oo3 
HIT THE JACKPOT! 
Giant stone fireplace, 3-2-2, cozy fam ily room, on quiet cul de sac 
Drapes, too' Only 535,99o. Your terms. 45A1234 

4 B E D R O O M S T E A L in G len 
O aks. 2 b a th s, double g a ra g e , landscaped ya rd . O nly $37,9oo. 
Grab it today! 
BRIGHAM R E ALTY 473-14o1 

Reoltors-NE Loop ole 
ROOM FOR EVERYONE in this b ea utiful 2 story content p o ra ry home $ bed roo m s, 2% baths, one la rge living area with fire p la c e ond w e th e r, sepa rate dining room. B rig ht kitchen with breakfast area Y oungsters can enjoy game room and profession­ a lly la n d s c a p e d y a rd . 
C a ll 
342-3211 AN YTIM E 

6o23 W IN T E R H A V E N - O pen 
Today fo r Inspection. S paciouf and lovely. 
Im m ediate occupancy. 
824-2385 JOHN M ATHIS 656-7ooo 
SEITZ & ASSOC., REALTORS 

Sunshine clean, 
3 bedroom, paneled den, aquarium, delightful kitchen. Only $23,9oo 

RE ALTORS-Blanco Rd. Ole 
Century 21 
CUOPY-OLASCOCK 

L O V E L Y 
4 bedroom, 2 bath home In E ld o r­ ado Large backyard. Priced for quick sole 824-o17? 

This home is big enough for the 
WHOLE fam ily. Clean-ciean 3 be­ droom with open b rig h t kitchen. 
Fireplaced den lorge sea liv. big yard. Assume under $2oo Mo. 
SANDISON RE A LT Y 
499-92o1 

Northern Hills, 3-2 2. custom built, corner lot 549,ooo, ($15,ooo eau!- 
IV) 656-1981.__________________ 
6o23 W IN T E R H A V E N - O pen 
Today fo r Inspection. Spacious and lovely. 
Imm ediate occupancy. 
824-2385 JOHN M ATHIS 6567ooo 
SEITZ a. ASSOC , REALTORS 

5675 CASH is all it takes to get into this beautiful $45,ooo home. Car­ pet, appliances and F IR E P LA C E . 
Call now 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 
Beanie Owens co 

 lockhili/Selma Ole. 

 fo r a fa m ily th a t needs 4 b e ­ d ro o m s , 2 b a th s w ith lo rg e p riv a c y y a rd . G ood lo c a tio n . 
E xce lle n t co n d itio n Ready fo r enioyment. Colt me now 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 

Home (ult a year old and owner must SEU Now 3-2-2 on corner. 
Yard hoi a good start Home in­ terior like new!! Near Northside 
Schools. Equity is only 534oo OO1 
Quick Occuponcy! Eves 653-3675 
'39,5oo.oo 
Camelot Two Moderate equity ts evadable ond assume 7H% EHA loon. Two living area Home, 
Master bedroom Randles the big furniture 
FIREPLACE in 2Oft family Room Here s Your Chan­ ce!! Eves 653 9596 
'43,ooo.oo 
OPEN HOUSE 
Sat. and Sun HOO td dusk 
13o23 UIKYoME in 
LARKSPUR. New Home by YAN 
DERHIDER and its a BEAUTY!! 
See a most complete Property et a surprisingly low Price (all For exertions. Eves. 656-ooo7 
'4 3 ,8 o o .o o 
Southeast in Jupe Addition A r ore offering in this very desirable oleo Not often will you find o home of this auokty ond living space you'll ap predate Call for your private showing, TODAY) Eves 656-ooo7. 

'45 ,5 o o .o o 
Bought W: yrs ago ond owner is transferred, luxury NE Home was formerly a Builder's Show 
Model with MANY, MANY EX­ 
TRAS!! 
Purchase reasonable 
EQUITY and Assume FHA loon 
OuKk Occuponcy Eves 656 ooo7 
'49,9oo.oo 
OPEN HOUSE 
Sat and Sun. I OO til Dusk 443o Cypress Woods in 
Woods of Shovono. New Home by YANDERHIoER See the latest in Design and Decor Beautiful 
Tree Studded mea AB you could ask fort Eves 656 ooo7 
'51,95o.oo 
New on Market in Brookwood. 
NE Schools. Near Club Fooleries and major shopping. Superb Two 
Story - luxury Detailing thru out. 565oo.oo Equity and its 
TOURS Eves 653-9596 
*55,ooo.oo 
Northwest neor Medical Center. 
Almost 2 acres comes with this older home Mony possibilities. 
Stabling of Horse is O.K.! Some modernization done Maybe this is what you ve waited for. Call for appointment please. Eves 
732-1 SAB 

'65,ooo.oo 
WINDCREST 
Garden 
Heme. 
S11,ooo.oo 
Equity buys this 
Beouty. A most complete Home - 
2 living Areas. Beautiful Kit­ chen, Auto Garage Door Openers ond Much More. mduding GARY 
POOH! Eves 653-9596 
'65,5oo.oo 
New Home near MARYMoNT. 
Complete and Ready far Oz cuponcyN 
5 pac rags, luxury 
Single living Amo. Home is in 
Prestigious Area AH amentias. 
Comer lot with side entry 
Corage 
A look is all you’ll need* Eves 653 9596. 

. 
• 
• 
• 
828-6343 r j j C O R N E LIU S I 
H 
* as so c ia tes 7 J 

LOW P A Y M E N T S fo r an out standing 3 bedroom home. Locat­ ed in the NE section of the citv. 
Owner is anxious to sell, coil now. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 
REALTORS 
675-o496 

REALTQRS-5o Years of TRUST 
SAN PEDRO HILLS 
I Story 4-2-2, cul-de-sac, corner lot Large fam ily room w ith fire place and beamed vaulted ceiling to b a lc o n y . S tu d y , c a th e d ra l beamed m aster bedroom ceiling, large yard Trees P riva cy fence 
Fenced garden and dog yards. 
$54,9oo__________________ 494 6348 
SAN P E D R O H IL L S 
Spotless 4 bedroom home on cut de-sac. Single livin g area w ith FP. lovely backyard. P riced in upper 
4o s. 824-o171 

41o6 Smokey Bend. P rice greatly reduced on this big 2 story, 4-2-2, executive home. Open Sat-Sun l-S. 
Flowered entry Jo this m ost tas­ tefully decorated home. 4-3 2, ex­ citin g fa m ily room (F P ), livin g , din in g , b re a k fa s t room s, s p rin ­ k le r system . Castle H ills . Now 
569,5oo. 826-2347. 

CASTLE H ILLS A R E A - E legant 
3-2 plus q trs. w ith 28x22 garden rm . Separate dining, b rk ts t rms. 
Q u ic k p o sse ssio n 
1129,5oo. 
JONES-KING 826-2439 _________ 

3-2-2 with It replace in 26x16 single living orea, large bedrooms, car peting, u tility room, NE schools, eauity and assume 5265 or refin- once. By owner, 656-4529________ 
AOI Rocklyn. Beautiful 4-2-2 on a quiet cut de-sac w ith big yard and lots of trees. A a u o lity custom built home. Open Sat-Sun 1-5. 

UNDER CONSTRUCTON in Elm 
C re e k, H o lly w o o d P a rk , o n d 
C h u rc h ill E s ta te s . E a ch in ­ d iv id u a lly d esigned u sing m a ­ sonry, wood, ond glass to give them today's elegant, casual look. 
C a ll to r in fo rm a tio n and b ro ­ chures or go by 127o2 HUNTERS 
CHASE in Elm Creek and see the 
Q uality of m a te ria ls and w o rk ­ manship for yourself. 
CALL 494-5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
R EALTORS 
MLS 
CONTEM PO RARY 
4 b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s , 2 liv in g areas. Vaulted ceilings, fireplace, b e a u tifu l patio . An o u tsta ndin g value at *53,9oo. 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 

REALTORS-Austin Hwy Ole in dividual to assume reasonable eauity. Consider sm all second lien for $24,ooo, 3 bedroom home off 
McCullough. Payments no higher thon SISO mo. Possession by Sept, 
15th 342 3687 ________ _________ 
JUST LIS T E D in W INDCREST* 
E ve ryth in g about this be a u tifu l home, reflects Q U ALITY Form al liv in g - d in in g , HU G E den, fir e ­ place 4 Bedrooms, 2* > baths, a truly mast efficiently planned and b e o u tifu liy d e s ig n e d hom e around HUGE POOL. Covered patio, privacy fenced, profession­ a lly la n d s c a p e d , s p rln k le re d yard. 344-8227 

W oodlake, 3-2-2, R andolph, Ft 
Sam 5278 per mo, equity 661-7457 
2x2 C O N T E M P O R A R Y PE R 
F E C T IO N C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
P E U F E C T IO N Setdom m do we hove the p riv ile d g e of o ffe ri o unique a p ro p e rty fo r you con­ sideration. Lush landscaping with m a g n ific e n t view of oool a re a from eve ry angle. Rich pegged floors in living area with natural redwood paneling f!ro m floor to c e ilin g Blue e a rth stone b ric k flo o rin g in b re a k fa s t area w ith b uilt in table of Belgian leather. 
Large fo rm a l dining. Solar bronze rn double polish insulating glass thru out. Weathered idaho barn in the in fe rio r of exercise room with 
7 station u n ive rsa l g ym ; V iking s a u n o w ith 
3 
H o rs e p o w e r 
Jacuzze. E Jubai stereo speaker system b u ild ! Into c e ilin g and prew ired for quadriasonic sound thruout. Final maK of excellence is the in ciu sio tot soph isticated features that m ake this home a perfection of convenience, com ­ fort and safety! 
824-o121 
AN YTIM E______________________ 

K ick the habit of rent paym ents w ith th is e x tra nice 3 bedroom home w ith central heat and air, fenced yard, patio, good location and priced in the low 2o's. Niles 
656-2183. 

B e a u ty, space ond s ty le 4 be­ drooms, 3% decorator baths, liv ­ ing room, dining room and fam ily room A kitchen beyond belief I b e d ro o m and b a th a p r iv a te 
M o th e r-in -la w s u ite 
O n ly 
$93,864.o4. H acre lot 
341-4491 
Niles 684-4154, 342-oo67 
GEORGE FLOOD, REALTORS 

4923 Sierra Madre. Newly decor­ ated 3-2-2 for tease. 
Available today I 
Century 21 
8319 Athenian. P rice lust reduced on this spacious 4-2-2 w ith a rtis t loft. Open Sat-Sun 1-5. 

M ONEYSAVERS R E A LT Y 
656-242o AN YTIM E 
CASTLE H ILLS ! GOOD V A LU E ! in this ever popular area, 2183 sq. ft. (p e r c o u n ty re c o rd s ) 4 be- broom s, 2 baths, w ith d e lig h tfu l form al and in form al livin g . F ire ­ p la c e fa m ily ro o m o v e rlo o k s beautiful treed yard. 18' u tility or hobby room with loads of built-in cabinets and closets. T e rra zzo , 
Saltillo and carpeting. 824-o121 
A N Y TIM E 

REALTORS us-Home 
Outstanding 3-2-1 home w ith cen­ tra l heal, a ir, new carpet, large liv in g a n d d e n . O pen te rm s . 
Owner anxious. 5195 m onthly at 
7%% Interest. Call Alex 
Has Buren t Assoc 
684-7171 
734 o786 
699-oo66 

B a rga in hunting? We have tw o houses to choose fro m : one 1-2-2 and one 4-2-2. 
* 
Of CENTRAL TEXAS 
' k i r i k i r i r j f i t i k i r ' k l t 
B U IL T W IT H C H IL D R E N IN 
M IN D ! Provide the life you want for your fa m ily in this spacious home in a lovely sector of Costtc 
H ills! 2-story entry leads to S altil­ lo tiled living, dining rooms, wet b a r...p a tio , BB Q , gre e n h o u se . 
W inding sta irw a y leads to 3 up­ stairs bedrooms ant! 23x13 fam ily room ...m aster suite is down! 
5128,5oo 
REALTORS 
694-4811 
MON FRI OPEN TIL SPM 

Separate Jbedrooms, fa m ily room, livin g , dining, kitchen and d in e tte ; plus s e p a ra te 
"m oth er-in -low 's ap a rtm e n t'' 
, w ith p r iv a te k itc h e n , 2 bedrooms dinette and both. 
BONUS: game room ond bath plus u tility room s e rv ic in g b oth a re a s . 4 ca r g a ra g e . 
227 9388 or 826 6666. 

342 3)11 
REALTORS 
344-8227 
N orthern H ills 4 yr. old custom rock 3-2-2, im m a c u la te , liv in g room , fire p la ce , den, ca rp e te d , ore, all electric, low assum ption, 
5254 mo. 
Owner, 
653 4529, 
492-1833 
C entury 21 
DUPLEX-GOOD INCOME 
City bus 2 blocks. I side olreody rented. EACH SIDE, I bedroom, 
I bath, living room, kitchen-dining area. 
Double garage. 
Fenced, trees. LOW 2o's. 

 bOB M cGin n is $f 
REALTORS M i 
‘ 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

JUST L l STE D-C AM E LOT I 
3 b ed roo m , 2 ba th , ISx28 den, 
27x9.6 k itc h e n , a ll c a rp e te d , covered patio. Like new Consider 
VA FHA. 349-65o3, 826-o782 

SHEARER H IL L S ! N ear M alls, schools and bus, lovely neighbor-! hood of homes. E xce lle nt condi tion, 2 bedroom s, 2 baths, large: living room, wet bar, on an extra large lot 
54o,ooo. 
342-32111 
AN YTIM E 

E LA IN E LUDW IG A ASSOC 
Coolcrest 1-acre By Owner, 3-2-2, all brick, den, $45,ooo 675-o335 
679-7167.________________________ 

RE ALTOS S-5o Years Of TRUST 
CASTLE HILLS a y Owner, No down paym ent to 
Vet B eautifu l stone 3-2-2, la rg e den, fireplace, prospective buyer con choose colors for new corpef. 
Must sell. 
494-3229, 
341-8134 
O w ner-Broker 
__________ 

Corner lot, a ll b ric k , 199$ sa.f t , fu lly c a rp e te d , 3 b d rm , 2 bait! home Den, office, 4 car garage, central heat-air. VA 534,7oo. 5o2 
LaManda. 732-3271 weekdays a ll lpm , open Sat-Sun att lpm 

By owner, soda dispensers, built in stereo system, fu ll w etbar This 
19oo sq.ft 2 bedroom, 2 both cus­ tom built home is on e ntertainer’s dream ! Only $45,5oo. C all a n y ­ time. 822 5539 or 342-3174. 

Martha Worley Realtors 
ROSOW 8 KUME 
REALTORS SO Years Of TRUST 

The day you decided to look at th is b e a u tifu l 3 bedroom home whose charm begins right at the front door. The w orm decorator colors m ake you (eel at nome im ­ m ediately. Don't miss the chance to see this valencia Beauty that we have iu d listed. Priced rig h t at 
$38,5oo 

B y o w n e r. B a b c o c k N o rth , 3 bdrm , 2% bath, carpeted, 55ooo equity- assume loan at 
7% 
828-69o7 
________________ 

 plus qua rters. This enticing one story is iii perfect condition. Del- to r ’s liv in g and d in in g room s. 
C h e f's c o m p le te k itc h e n 
Skylighted fam ily room with fire ­ place opens to tile d p a tio and landscaped grounds. 124-2347. 

 ears Of TRUST 
SPACIOUS TWO LIV IN G AR EA 
HOME designed tor fam ily living. 
Large living roam with fireplace 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, room y g ar­ den kitchen. L arge fa m ily room w ith eatin g area. P rice d rig h t. 
141,ooo. 494-7451 A N Y TIM E 

Among beautiful oak trees, this 4 bedroom, 3 bath, m asonry home with dream kitchen, den, enclosed gard e n p a tio , fire p la c e , la n d s ­ caped yard. double garage w ith e le c tr ic d o o r c o n tro l, o ffe rs spaciousness and solid quality. 

Brick 3 bedroom, w ith 2 decorator baths Over 21oo sa. ti. G reat back yard. In the 4o's 
3 bedroom home on over holt on a cre in H e lotes P a rk E states. 
House features large fireplace in liv in g room , fa m ily room ond breakfast area. The m any fru it trees and vegetable gardens are a bonus. 
*84-433o 344-42o7 Anytime 

2365 sq. ft custom built rock home on lorge lot. Community w ater, no city taxes. NEISD. 4247 M enger 
Dr By appt. 
CROWN GROUP INVESTM EN TS 
824-9381 
EVES 341-7oo3 

By owner, 2 bdrm home in B al­ cones Hgts New point, ca rp e t. 
C o n v e n tio n a l o r a ssu m e 5129 payments. 736-4o59____________ 
828-4391 Anytime 
344-42o7, *84-433o Anytime 
By Owner, 3 bedroom, I bath, den, c a r p o r t, w o rk shop, 519,7oo. 
736-3427 or 824-9161._____________ 
Can m ove rig h t in to o u r 3 be­ droom , 2 bath home w ith lovely gold kitchen appliances in Leon 
Valley. 532,5oo 
699-1ooo Anytime 

OAK HOLLOW ESTATES 
Spanish hacienda w ith courtyard , 
G IA N T m a ste r bed roo m suite. 
Side s tre e t g a ra g e , la rg e oak tre e s, double fire p la c e , 3ox1S c o v e re d p a tio , p a n e le d d e n , separate living area. Lots of other e xtras. VA term s. $53,5oo. C a ll today 654-1234 

Realtors-NE Loop ole 
By Owner, 3-2-2, brick, fireplace, wet bar, i96o sa. ft. F orm al din­ ing. Beamed ceding in living area and m aster bedroom. 
$53,ooo. 
4 8 4 - o 9 5 1 . ___________________ 

JU S T 
L IS T E D 
IN 
N O R T H 
R ID G E ! tre e -sh a d e d c h a rm e r te a tu rin g 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, 
L shaped living-dining and fam ily room Priced tor quick sale in the low 4o's. $244)121 A N Y TIM E 

CHOOSE FROM SEVER AL 3 and 
4 Bedroom homes In N o rth San 
Antonio. Buy low equity and as­ sum e or re fin a n c e . T a ke y o u r choice. Call 656-1234 

R E ALTORS-N. West Ole 
REALTQRS-5o Years of TRUST 
2-STORY A L L BRICK 
4-2%-2, custom b u ilt, w ith 2348 sq.ft. of riving area. F orm al living and dining room s, la rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e . C u stom drapes and carpet thruput. 

3-2-2, split-level m a tte r bedroom, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s , c a rp e t thruout P riva cy fence. Easy as­ sumption. 349-4274, 494-72S9. 

REALTORS-Bondera Rd Ofc 
C ountry liv in g , ne a r c ity . U ltra modern home, on fenced wooded a c re . 
F ire p la c e , c a th e d ra l ceilings, many extras. Swim m ing pool, ve g e ta b le g a rd e n , ho rse c o rra l and shed. T his hom e is e le g a n t fo r e n te r ta in in g , y e t re a d y fo r an a c tiv e la m lly . 
559,9oo. 488-3624._______ 

By owner, clean 2 bedroom, large liv in g room , finished oak floors and laundry room, lots of closets and kitchen cabinets, la rg e lot, pecan-oak trees, asbestos siding, g u tte rs, c a ra o rt, 181o R iva s, 2 blks from 24th. 734-2o78._________ 

REALTQRS-Turtle Creek Ofc 
1.27 Treed Acre. 3-1-2 im m aculate home w ith m any extras. *47,5oo. 
494-5211 
494-4o23 
H ILL COUNTRY REALTORS 

MAC "A R T H U A t e r r a c e ! ! 1. 
"C a lifo rn ia " Contemporary home w ith b u ilt-in s to ra g e in 3 b e ­ dro o m s, b o o ksh e lve s in 25x15 fa m ily ro o m ! F o rm a l liv in g room... great patio! 
$44,5oo 
REALTORS 
453-7341 
24 HR TE LEPH O N E SERVICE 

A1AMo NliS'SI 7,758 
Like new! 3-2-1. $4oo down. 
828-4545 PRIAKOS RLTY 654-o97$ 
ALAM O HILLS 
Like new 3-2-1 near Holmes H S. 
Gov t priced under $18,ooo. Noth­ ing down vets 
Bob Thom pson, 
341-7493 Interstate. 

C H UR C H ILL HIGH. Large 5 be­ droom , 2% both, double garage home Loads of e x tra s fo r tin e fam ily living, includes im pressive raised hearth fireplace. New list­ ing. 681-o66o. 
C entury 21 
653-8131 Bill P arkins Wlty457 14 
REALTQRS-5o Years Of TRUST 
O FF 
M ID C R O W N - 
3-2. a p ­ pliances, air. 
No down, 
525o dosing. 
696-742o SLATER R LTY 684-6149 

 tty 457-1475 
JUST REDUCED 
By Owner, Deer Run, 5715 Swift 
Creek, cozy 3-2-1, privacy fence, carpet, side bv side re frig e ra to r, double oven, dishw asher, dispo­ sal, drapes, venetian blinds, 555oo e q u ity , 5196 m o. o r re fin a n c e 
524,5oo. 68v 6816 
__________ 

2-STORY 4-2-den, c e n tra l heat- a ir, range, dishw asher. E q uity, assum e m o n th ly p a y m e n ts of 
5198, 
7% 
In te re s t, 
$32,ooo. 
C H A R L E S W A TT S R E A L ES- 
TATE 732-2918, 732-S3SS._________ 

An all brick 3 bedroom home in 
S ta g e c o a c h H ills . M a n y Oak trees. Reduced for quick sale to 
$58,SOO. Im m e d ia te occupancy 
See this fine home without delay 
Nltes 494-1832. 
349-4343 Anytim e 

L a rg e , and b e a u tifu l, te rra c e d bock y a rd , flo w in g fo u n ta in s , among oak trees, com plem ents this spacious 4 bedroom , 2 bath home Approx 24oo sa ft. of living space P atio door fro m m aster bedroom su ite 
F o rm a l liv in g , dining orea m orning roam ort k it­ chen has a delightful view Sitting room or 5th bedroom u p sta irs. 
Lots of closet space. Assume or refinance. 
658-3535 Anytime 

OFF NEW WORLD 
3-2-2, 54oo down, $355 mo. H u rry! 
J A J R E ALTY 474-8883 Anytim e 
OFF OLMOS DRIVE is a lovely estate, fenced in redw ood, w ith e lm , oak ond la u re l on sprinktered grounds, approx. one a c re in a re a . C o n te m p o ra ry , w a rm and gracio us, this hom e has space tor the most elaborate entertaining...both form al and ca­ sual! L iv in g room w ith a fir e ­ place...a huge dining room and a fam ily room 33' long! 3 bedrooms 
(I in guesthouse), 3% baths ..pius quarters. BBQ and covered patio for outdoor fetes! 
5175,ooo. 
REALTORS 
494-777) 
MON FRI OPEN T IL SPM 

$42,5oo 
This home bos much to otter. Has 
3 bedrooms, den, la rge p riva cy treed yard, located on corner lot. 
Priced at 542,5oo. Coli 828-5471 
Strauder Nelson Realty 
oU LEB R A PARK - NO DOWN 
TO VETS 
$55o down FH A. 3 bedroom , 1% both. Only *17.25o* 
222-96I4TERRA R EALTY24 HRS 

 c u s t o m ' DESIGNED with quality features - popular one living area w ith fireplace • raised separate dining • step saver k it­ chen. 3 spacious bedrooms - This weeks best buy! 
341-916* ANYTIME 

A NEW BUY - Just $375o down, to ta l p ric e $44,ooo. In M a rs h a ll 
M eadow s. 3-2-2 O w ner le a vin g town, m ake otter 
Pioneer Reolty 684-4211 

CHUR CH ILL SCHOOL DISTRICT 
SUMMER FUN is within walking distance of this im m a cu la te 3 bedroom , 2 both home Custom drapes, fireplace, and beautifully landscaped yard. 
O wner is s a c rific in g at 541,2oo. 
Evenings, 453-5651 
SUNSHINE BRIGHT 
B e autifu l open flo o rp la n w hich allow s sum m er breezes lo flow through Indirect lighting, corner lot and walking distance to pool. 
Evenings. 533-7477 

Bv Owner 3 2-2, $32-ooo. 225-6833, ext. 77 or atter t, 684 1929______ 
S u rround s this char m in g 3 be­ droom home, single liv in o area w ith corner firepla ce, d e lig h tfu l kitchan, alm ost new, only $49,9oo. 
341-72o1, nites 494-7664. Ask for 
OLIVE B IZZE LLE 
FR EE GARAGE SALE SIGNS 

AN EXEC U TIVE a re c of p re s tig e hom es 3 b e ­ droom s, liv in g , dining, den has fireplace, in Castle H ills and iust 
$52,75o Just Listed, won ! la st, 
Call "Lob ", 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

D E LIG H TFU L 
O utstanding $-2-2 w ith separate living, room and dining room and fa m ily room w ith firepla ce. E x ­ cellent floor plan, covered patio, walk to Elem and Mac Hi. Situat­ ed on a quiet cul-de-sac. HITES 
826-oo54. 
828-5434 
REALTORS 
MLS 

REALTORS-Blanco Rd Ole 
Free brochure tells how buyers and s e lle rs p r o fit fro m 
Hom eowner M a rke tin g Service. 
No salesman w ill coll. 349-4373. 
By Owner, 3 7-2, fru it trees, cul- de sac. M any other extra s. The 
Summit. 69o-9499._______________ 
R EALTORS-Randolph Ofc 
C ontem porary rock 2 story with 
GORGEOUS POOL on beautiful, quiet street. View from decks in livin g areas. M aster suite up, 3 bedrooms and gameroom down. 
CALL 494-5227 
C entury 21 
KIR B Y 
3-2-2, den, big kitchen, a ll carpet­ ed, 6 years old. O w ner le a vin g to w n . F H A , VA o r a s s u m e . 
349-45o3, 494-2o4o. 
Better than new; 3 bedrooms, ria baths, separate dining, covered patio. Easy assumption or refin­ ance. 349-45o3, 494 2o4o 

B Y O W N E R -H e rltn g e F a rm s 
3-2-2, fire p la c e , fa m ily ro o m , landscaped, priva cy fence, cathe­ dral ceiling, Roman shades, other extras Priced to sell. No agents, please. 674-o65/______________ 
Century 21 
D E LA N E Y R E A LT Y 653-oS5o 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
B rick 3-1 with extra concrete pa­ tio th a t’s 3ox2o. Beautiful w rought iron fence ond cul-de-sac. Securi­ ty bars. Call Vera. 

3- l-a tfa c h e d c a ro o n , c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. Low e q u ity , m o n th ly payment *138. Total price 516,3oo. 
C H A R L E S W ATTS R E A L ES- 
TATE 732-2918, 732-5355, 228-91o4 

S U P E R B U Y 
C o rn e r lo t 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th home. Large dining room Priced to sell. A lt of th is close to golf course. 824-o171 
Century 21 
Armstrong Co 
REALTORS__________ 
MLS ! 
By owner, H eritage F orm , 3-2-2, fire p la c e , fa m ily ro o m , la n d s ­ caped, p riv a c y fence, cathedral ceiling, Roman shades and other extras P riced to sell! No agents, 
674-o457.______________ __ 

Van Buren & Assoc 
HOWARD TA TE REALTORS 
D e cora tors’ 3-2-£ S a ltillo ,"2o»4l heated pool, ooks. In C h u rc h ill 
Dist. 342-45o8. $49,5oo. 

Babcock North, lovely 3-2-1, car p e t, c u s to m d ra p e s , p r iv a c y fe n ce , g a rd e n k itc h e n , oe ca n ro e s , *!? '»'!• tre e s , w a lk to elem entary, $29,9oo or best otter. 
496-71*9.________ 

4o ACRES 
CLOSE TO Holmes High in Forest 
G ien...3 bedroom , 2 bo th hom e w ith beamed, cathedral ceiling In single living area! Luscious shag c a rp e tin g th ru o u t! P a tio and privacy fence! 
$31,9oo 
REALTORS 
696-4811 
MON-FRI OPEN T IL SPM 

Nice house, born, deeo welt, out buildings. Less than 5 m i. fro m 
Loop West. 2o% down. Owner financed. 
344-6268 
341-6S44 
484-5768 

M a rth a W o rle y R e a lto rs 
REALTORS 
DeMtul 2Stopy 
I cusTom k n o tty pine 

K IR B Y MANOR 
5114 A SHS CROWN 
OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO 5 PM 
Be sure to come see these special homes 3 bedrooms, central heat and air. Many other features. 
532 5745 

BY OWNER 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
SWIM IN OAK H ILLS Terrace, in your own pool! Im m aculate 3 be droom, I bath home in Northside 
School D istrict! Living-dining and fam ily room s...patio too. 
544.9oo. 
REALTORS 
494-7771 
24 HR. TE LE P H O N E SERVICE 

From cusTom k n o tty pine p a n ­ eling and beautiful parquet floors to sepa rate o ffic e , g a m e ro o m , boat storage, this spacious 4 be­ droom provides all the lu xu rie s you could desire. 156,9oo. 

Spacious, beautiful 4 bedroom 
3 bath tri-le ve l; many closets; w a ln u t den b u ilt’-in s ; f ir e ­ p la c e ; w e tb a r; b u ilt in k it ­ chen appliances w ith double oven; auto garage opener; 2 large balconies; covered po­ lio ; fe n ce d . 582,5oo Open 
House Sat. and Sun. 1o-4. 314 
Yosemite, 494 3392 

Large ram bling 3 bedroom home on one of the loveliest oak studded acres in San Antonio. By owner, 
$13o,ooo. 696-7468. No agents. 
BEAU TY AND THE BEST price In town Over 2SOO sq ft. of fam ily home on a quiet tree shod ed street 4-2%.2, 3 living areas. 
MAC R E AL ESTATE 828-2571 
3-S edroom , 2-Sofh, b e o u tifu liy rem odeled Inside and out New c a rp e t th o u g h o u t. O P E N e ve r- ydav 4823 Newcome, 341-4538. 

Adams H ill, 4-2-2, newly painted, e q u ity p iu s $2So. m o. a t 7% . 
673-2828 No agents._____________ 
A D M IT T E D LY EX PEN SIVE ... 
But w ell w o rth It. P riv a te co u r­ tya rd opens to tiled entry, flanked bv living and dining rooms. 2 Sid­ ed firepla ce from livin g room to fam ily roam Terraced pool and patio orea. 826 3738, 824-3349. 

Beanie Owens Co 
Rolliflg RMoe Townhouse 
4ove in im m edia tely ond enic 
COLONIES NORTH- 4 bedroom, dining, living , fam ily, playroom . 
2-car gorage , u tility w ith sin k, complete kitchen. Lots of closets, s to ra g e . A p p ro x . 27oo s q .ft. 
562,5o9. 3714 N E WROCK. FR E D 
SCHULZE 453-5o74______________ 
CONDO IN P O P U L A R B E N - 
T O A K ! T a s te fu lly d e c o ra te d 2 bedroom, 21 j both, 2 story w ith oil the lu x u rie s you expcecf. F ire ­ place, wet bar, complete kitchen in clu d in g re frig e ra to r E le c tric garage doors. Carefree livin g for only 
539,9oo. 
Call 
342-3211 
AN YTIM E 

REALTQRS-S. East Ofc 
Move in im m edia tely and enjoy the pool, clubhouse and other fea­ tures without the hassle of keep­ ing a yard. Carpeted 3 bedroom, 2 both, p rivacy fence, low m ainten­ ance fee and priced fo r quick sale in m id the 3o’s. 
REALTOR 
Call 349-4373 

T E R R E LL HEIGHTS 
Just listed, 2 large bedroom, I Me bath, living plus dining, 3 a ir un­ its, covered patio 824-4521, nltes 
674-o744 
TU RNER R E ALTY 
T E R R E L L H ILLS , m eticulous 3 bedroom, 2% bath w ith den and music room. In a stately setting on a com er lot. Over 2,2oo sq. ft. 
Call for appt. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 REALTORS 
I-443-5S97 
FOR THC I ASTCST RI SUI TS 
ON A WANT AO 
TMI NUMBtR IO CAII 
IS 225-1o66 
IXPRI55 ANO NtWS 

•la y IMBUS Be 
234 w . G rayson, zone co m m e r­ cial, B-3, low down, $125 per mo. 
By Owner, Jefferson area, 3-i%-2. 
By bus line. 535,ooo 432-77o1 till 
4pm. 734-2983 or 735-8792 after 
4PM, 
________________ 
CALL 344-7585 

By owner, Jetterson area, 2 lots, 
1-2-2, J yrs old, 733-o189. 

By O w ner, S h enando ah, 3-1-1, carpet, large covered patio, 5164 of 6%% or refinance, 69o-87o6 

L IG H T E D , C O V E R E D P A T IO , fru it trees and fence enhance 4 bedroom, 2 bath hom e! F orm al rooms plus m aple paneled fam ily room. 
531,9oo. 
REALTORS 
458 7oo7 
MON-FRI OPEN T IL SPM 

REALTOR 
824-8673 Anytim e homeowner 
M AR K ETIN G SERVICE 

FRUIT TREES 
Adorn this 3 bdrm , 2 bath home. 
Fireplace In fam ily room, lovely patio Let us surprise you w ith the price. 824-o171 

3 Bedroom, 2 bath, beautiful gar- den, 522,ooo. Call otter S, 684-6973. 
4 Bedroom House, carpeted, 4o7 
Robert St. 732-8779. 
ING SERVICE 
Peace, P riva cy, Space! 3 treed a c re s . 3-2-2 p lu s m uch m o re . 
Older cut stone home, priced tor quick sale, 27oo sq. ft. 582,5oo. 
494-5281 
494-2o43 
H IL L COUNTRY REALTORS 

2 B e d ro o m s , 
I b a th , n e w ly remodeled home. O wner w ilt fin once. 513,5oo. 734-9689 _________ 
By Ow lie r. T w in C re e k, 3-2-2, 
Dining room, fenced, 
$4o,7oo 
681-o126.________________________ 

THI ACTION NUMBfR 
FOR FAST RZSULTS 
K A C I YOUR WANT AO 
IN IHF tX P R fSS N IWS 
CAU 325 -1 o6 6 

P l ACI VOUR WANT AD 
IN THI FARRISS NtW S 
CAU 2 25-1666 

THI NUMBtR TO CAU. 
IS 225 -1 66 6 
! X PRISS AND N tW S 

THC NUMBER IO CAU 
IS 2 2 5 -1 66 6 
EXPRI5S AMO NtW S 
IN THI EXPRESS NEWS 
CAU 2 25-1666 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

^ 

 in HIGH SCHOO! 

FIRST OFFERING 

BARGAIN! 
BARGAIN! 

 n I LINES 
I IO DAYS 
QUICK RESULTS! 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
TEXAS SIZE 

N O N C O M M E R C IA L ! 

C A N C E L L A B L E W IT H O U T 

RATE C H A N G E 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S — 
Sunday June 5, I 977 
212 HOMES MORTHWEST 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
11 tw rnm m m m m m m m m m m m trn m m m m m *• 
★ ★ -A-★ -A-★ ★ ★ * ★ A- A Ar A A A * ii- -A Ar A -A A A A *14 
J 
FREEDOM SP R IN G S 
* S 
J 
RANCH 
J A Only 16 Wiles Northwest of loop 16o4 Out Bon- * V 
4 dera Hwy. (State Hwy. 16) 
+ %• 
A- A See Native and Exotic Deer, Abundant Bird Life, y 
A- 
Squirrel, and Wild Turkey. e* V 
* A Red Bluff and Madrono Creeks with Huge Old * rf 
^ 
Trees lining the Banks 
J ** 
A Reasonable 
Restrictions for 
Future 
Values ^.rf 
CREEK FRONT FROM $2995 
J 
ACREAGE FROM $1995 
* ‘2 
J 
O W N E R F IN A N C E D 
4 
Call Collect Anytime. Ranch 535-4391, 535-4313 
San Antonio 828-783o 
A I* 

 h it it it I t A A it it it it 4 i + -A A A A 
- k i c k A h h 
A A A rf! 

...... 
— tm....... i i ...M ullein..'in 
■ 
216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 
I HIU COUNTRY LIVING rf 
5 MIN. TO UTSA 
% TO 3 ACRE HOMISITIS 
J-f 
OAK TREIS 
PAVED ROADS 
J 
CHV WATER 
N S SCHOOIS rf* 
HORSES WELCOME r f tOW DOWN PAYMENT r f 
OWNER FINANCED r f 
BUDDING RESTRICTIONS 
Toke Bandera Rd lo Helotes. Turn 
Ej left on IM I SAO (GALM RD M < r f mile to soles otfue r f 
Entionce to property on Golm Rd rf and Stageiooib lone rf 

W HAT YOU'VE 
BEEN LO O K IN G 
FOR— 

 k 
SERENE LUXURY f 
5 ACRE ESTATE 
■ 
Inspiring view of the city Two' 
K story 
Mediterranean luxury 
'Heated pool, Cabana and both and kitchen 
Double tennis | court S bedrooms T i baths, 
I quarters Exciting living dining | breakfast rooms Gourmet kit­ chen 
Vaulted ceilings 
Manyl special features 8 minutes from 
Hoop 41o Tree lined Countryl 
Club approach See this! 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

Because it s a whale or a buy, 3 b e d ro o m s with s u n k e n tensity room and fireplace Located in o ve ry desirable N orthw est loca­ tion Selling tor $32,ooo and only 
SI.ASA down or no down on VA 

W OOOS O F SH A V A N O 
1st time offered, t 22?$ sa ft e n e rg y s a v e r, la r g e p a n e le d fam ily room, fireplace, separate toting area, all carpeted, inter com , la rg e b e d ro o m s, m a n y built in e xtra s Lot site 84x2o3, over 4o trees, fenced, sp rin k le r system, toot shed, NS dis! M em bership in tennis and swim club. 
By owner, SOS OOO 4o2 2718 
» K 'x 

New to m arket Brick home with separate living, dining, den and 3 bedrooms Lots of p ito n . In the 
4o s. 
COUNTRY 
LIVIN G 

All city conveniences - no city loxes. Special 8% conventional 
Financing avolnbie Large stood ed tots, snug home, with kitchen and utility room completely furnished 
N W , dose to all freeways, woodburmng fireplace ond many extras 

AVAILABLE THIS WEEK 
ONLY! 

Don't miss this Special 
Offer! 
Call Today 
O A K CREEK 
684-3113 

BEAUTIFUL 
LAKESIDE 
Something special! 
3-2-2, formal living or dining room plus spacious den with large fireplace, privacy fenced, call to see this carpeted beauty, convenient to Kelly and Lockland S3«,2oo 

D A Y O R N IT E 

6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

 a f i A i i i u r t i H i l i l sr x - 

3 bedroom, I both with 

 nice covered patio. Large yard on cul-de-soc, con­ 

 venient to molls 
349-3535 
349-5111 
Century 21 
OAK GLEN PARK 
Almost 19oo sq. ft., one story, 4 bedrooms, 2'A bath home on larqe corner lot with qcrden 
"curbing, electric garage opener, fireplace, courtyard, dining area and more. Priced to sell. 

HIDDEN FOREST 
Over 7,ooo sq ft. in this lovely 
3-2 home. Spacious moster bed room, island kitchen, wet bor, I living areo, separate dining. 
$62,65o, Time to pick your decor 

Churchill 
High, 
$65,9oo 
Con temporary atrium with loft this is the ultimate. 

CHURCHILL ESTATES 
New ond beautiful 4 bedrooms, 
2'/j baths, contemporary living. 
High ceilings and lots of light 
Only $78,9oo 

NORTHWOOD HILLS lovely 3 bedroom home on l'/i acres! Only minutes north of 
16o4 N E. schools, $49,9oo See it today! 

IN EXECUTIVE HILLS 
View of city, excellent location. 
Churchill 
High. 
Attractive 
3 bedroom, 2 both home. Beautiful corner fireplace 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
HIU COUNTRY VILLAGE 
From $12o,ooo. 3 estate homes for particular people. 

One on cliff location with 52oo sq. ft. a master piece of design. 

One gracious contemporary, one story of almost 33oo sq. ft. on 2 acres. 

One beautiful rustic con­ temporary with solarium. 4,ooo sq. rf. on approx. I acre 

Call for details. 

Century 21 
S chneider Beatty________ Ate 72oo 
O A K M E A D O W S . Beautiful new area. Lovely 3 bedroom , 2 both home with sw im m ing pool. F ire ­ place in living room ; form al din­ ing room. C orning equipped kit chen. M a ste r suite h a s sittin g a re a , la r g e s u n k e n s h o w e r. 
$59,9oo colt 494-7851 A N Y T IM E 

Schneider Realty 
898-72oo 

Dia n e Ow ens Co 

 lockhttl Selma Oft. 

8 bedroom , 3 baths plus office. 
F a m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e 
Lovely trees in fenced y a rd A perfect home tor the large family, n o rth sid e sc h o o ls. N ow . just 
588,95o 898-533o 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 

Im m aculate older hom e in 'J e f­ ferson V illa ge ,' oft St Cloud I 
Bedroom s, ceram ic bath, single ga ra ge L a rg e livin g 
F o rm a l dining., kitchen with breakfast room $2o,85o 
69o 98o2 
COUNTRY ESTATE 
R EA LTO R S-SO Y e a rs ot T R U S T 
Fra# reduced ow thii lovely 3 bedroom, 
3 beth home with a lo rft den ond fireplace. living room, dining room ond kitchen with on eating ores M eal for 

 formal or informal entertaining on a big petite - Sopor et* work shaft, it ob let and pans, oft an 13.o6 landscaped acres. 
Coll 4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 
ANYTIME 

S P A C IO U S o ld e r hom e, 3 b e ­ d ro o m , 2 both, la r g e ro o m s 
$24,ooo COH 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
T E X A S 
S IZ E 
H O M E 
A N D 
G R O U N D S, older rock 3-2-2 den, fireplace, newer kitchen, unusual features of value 
N S shhools 
824-45o7 

Giant Colonial S-JVj-t, den fire­ place, living, dining. Only $59,5oo 
341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
828-8718 
R E A L T O R S 

Y O U D L O V E to have lived here as a a child your own playroom, dad has his library - California style kitchen, den - living room has fireplace • separate dining Room for your boat 
Fantastic corner lot 
Call 
Beth 
341 9166 A N Y T I M E 

SUM M IT 
Coll TODAY to tee this lovely 3 bedroom, ? both home located on o quiet col de soc in most secluded areo of 
Summit. 
Minutes to shopping, schools ond 
Medicol 
Complex. 
FIRE- 
PUCE! 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 6 5 6 -5 5 2 o 
341-9191 

O L D E N G L IS H styling in an al most new home in Braun Station! 
M a ssiv e fireplace, ced ar root, built-in kitchen...dining room plus breakfast room . 5 bedroom s, 2 baths. Much more! 
$59,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
881 29oo 
M O N F R I O P E N T IL 8P M 

SKYLINE PARK 
Coveted 3 bedtooms. TH bath, large filmily room 
Terms available 

532-5245 
Nites 337-6592 

 k o s o u r & k f i t a t , 

IN D IA N C R E E K Freshly painted 
3 bedroom 2 bath garage car pet, fenced, no dow n p aym e n t required No paym ents till July 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 873 14o1 
K IN G S B O R O U G H 
R IO G E , spaciou s Three bedroom , bath and a half, paneled garage with 
8x8 gloss door house completely carpeted, you'll like the spanish style floors, brick and flowered paneling Storage shed and more. 
$19,ooo 922 2395__________________ 

L A R G E Y A R D • L o v e ly 3 be droom . I full baths, range, re frlgerotor. $2oo down, $19o mo 
87$-1891. 823-577o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

 u s H o m e 
Century 21 
N e a r U S A A and M e d ic a l C o m ­ plex. Your beautiful dream home on a landscaped lot 3 bedroom s 
(d ivid e d ), la rg e den w ith fire ­ place ond sloped ceilings, living and dining room s 341-72o1, nites 
822-1787, R E A L T O R S . A sk toV 
Vance Hill 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
Y O U H A V E TO S E E to believe this 4-7-2, with fireplace Belter fhon new! A wife's dream and a h u sb a n d s d e lig h t. M a d e to gracious indoor and outdoor liv­ ing Near Medical Center $58,ooo. 

COUNTRY SPECIAL 

3-2-2 on NW 16o4. I Large living areo with rock 

 fireplace, custom drapes, 

 fully landscaped, fenced, on '/j acre. Can be assum­ 

 ed with S424 payments, 

 low 5o's. Less than I yr. 

 old. 
Transferring, must sell! 

Mon. thru Fri. 

BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MLS 

J East Oft. 

O P E N S U N D A Y I TO 5 pm 
8322 H A N D S O M E L A K E 
N e a r So u th 
T e x a s M e d ic a l 
Center. Lovely 4 bedroom home in choice area ar Leon Valley. 
S32-524S 

Coll TODAY to see this lovely 3 bedroom, 7 bath home located on a quiet cut de sac in most secluded areo of 
Summit 
Minutes to shopping, schools ond 
Medical 
Complex. 
FIREPUCE! 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
4o1-I U t 
656-55 2o 
341-9191 

 r REDUCED $3ooo!! 
Jog to Medical Center. Ex­ clusive 3 bedroom, 2 bath home. 
2 complete and separate living areas. SHADE 
TREES, HILLS. For executive type living and entertaining. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
* 349-6211 

L A K E S ID E Corner Model Home- 
3 Spacious bedrooms, 2 full baths, 
Im a e liv in g area- b u ilt in ap piianres, 2 car gar age Assum e. 
L O M Anne, S 3 2 31o7, 8 4 8 J 3 o 7 

737 ant 
227 Z A B K A , off Loop 41o West 
3 -l-cp , N ew F H A c ip o ra is o l 
$15,75o. Paym ents less than rent. 
884-4111 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

L IK E N E W J bedroom home that is walking distance to schools and sh o p o m g. lo cate d in B e lta n e 
Owner is anxious, no down VA 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
9 2 4 4.131 
R E A L T O R S 
8 7 5 o898 
I O V E I Y H O M E 
Fat $2oo down’ 
3 and 4 bedrooms. Air, paym ents 
$ 1 7 5 to $ 2 5 o 8 7 5 1891,873 11oo 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A ? t___ 
M C C O L L U M 'AM E A Older style 3 bedroom I* * baths on 9ox24o ft lot f enced V A or F H A 923 4327, 
34V 8453 
Ronqld W illiam son 
N E A R K E L L Y 3 2, appliances, air No down, $2oo closing 
898 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 8189 

R E A L T O R S-S . East Otc 
O W N E R A N X IO U S Transferred 
M ust sell this 2 storey brick now! 
4 L a r g e b e d ro o m s, 3 lu x u r y baths, fam ily room , plus 2 fire­ places. 
Pool. 
824-4521, nites 
674-o744 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y 
B IG old house, can be converted to b u s in e s s N e a r C h u r c h e s school ona mfg 
M R S J A R B O E 344 6 2 2 5 
W A L T E R H M E Y E R , 733 8 2 o 3 

A N N E S T E I N 
O w n e r M u s t 
S e ll 
N ow 
Cut 
B r o k e r 's F e e H e rita g e F a r m 
4-2-2, fu lly c a rp e te d , cu sto m drapes, fireplace, covered patio, privacy fenced yard, landscaped, 
No agents 674-o717._______________ 

JU ST L IS T E D 
B e a u tifu l w hite b r ic k 2 s to ry home nestled am ong 3o oak trees in apark-llke area, spotless 4-2-2 with 2 living and 2 dining areas, custom fireplace in fam ily room and covered patio 561,ooo 
699 1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341 7838 

L O V E L Y E A S T S ID E H O M E rn 
Artesia Park, 3 bedroom, I bum, central heat and air, sin gle at­ tached ga ra ge , co ve re d patio, nice neighborhood Only 524,5oo 
For appt call 53275oo, 738 4396 
Niles 432-7954, 333 2839 
P E T E CAN TU . R E A L T O R S 

And far between, that can com ­ pare with this beautiful, custom designed Spanish style home on 6 
1 j acres. 4 Very large bedrooms, 
3* i unusual baths. O utstanding kitchen, ch arm in g entertaining a re a w ith wet b a r. T h is is a 
M U ST S E E '. 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
Thunderbird Hills, owner, 3-2-1, 
Ige fenced lot with view, cent air- heat, coe patio. $31,ooo. 884 o45o 

PIGOTT PROPERTIES 
Sat. & Sun. 695-9183 
Anytime 494-787! 
A S S U M E P A Y M E N T S al $ 1 7 o o n this 3 bedroom, 2 bath, on corner lot Near M cCreless 
333-4144 
Nites 333-6143 
Century 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L TO R S 
Bargain Hunter’s Special 
No down poyment to anyone, 3-4 bedrooms, I baths, som e with air and all appliances Paym ents less than rent 
B O B D e P A O LO 
532-5251_______________ R E A L T O R 

ST ILL L O O K I N G ? 

• N e w 
Brtxfc 
H o m e * o n 
Aer-? e o g e e S r n a f f it o k in g V ie w * e W o o d e d S h e * to r F B I V A C 1 
• 4 C h o k e N o r t h C o m m u n it ie t 
(In c lu d in g N e w B ro w n ie !*) e l o w T o r e * M a k e e a * y P u r ­ c h a s e T e rm * e 1 7 o o Sa . t i. L iv in g - 7 C u r 
G a r a g e $ 3 7 , 5 o o 
• 2 6 8 o S q f t 
L iv in g - 2 C o r 
G a r a g e $ 4 9 , 7 3 o 
S e a r c h T he H o m e M o rtce t O v e r . 
T H IN C a ll US! 
Swinney Co. 
I«,/V 
492-1672 
658-o29o 
Z Z / 
673-14o1, 

Bring me an ofter on this 3-2-2 in 
Forest Glen. Alt appliances stay. 
Call a professional now. at. 
738 4426 
Walk to Oak Grove Elementary from this immaculate 4 bedroom home, ideal for the young family, prired in the low $7o's. 

JU ST L IS T E D ! Glen O aks Park near Medical Center, beautiful 4 bedroom, 2 lu xu ry baths, living room , separate fo rm a l d in in g, spacious fam ily room with fire­ place. Ail electric gourm et kit­ chen, covered and carpeted patio, 
23x15*. Call 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

• ••O FF R O O S E V E L T No down to anyone! Some repairs needed 
512.475 On K irk p a t ric k 
H ah - lomos Espanol 923-19o4, 923-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

Adam s Hill bv owner. 3 2-2. living rm ca th e d ra l c e llin g , paneled tomily rm, FP, carpeted, air heat, fenced , a ll a p p l, b e a u tifu lly lands! aped Assum e 7' A V A $28o mo, $87oo equity. 673-oo42.________ 
N E A R L A C K L A N D . Cute 3 be droom, I bath home, central air, stove, refrlg. a ss u m e $125 mo with low equity 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 873 14o1 
• N E E D E D " 3 repo sales person. I bilingual, full time, license, ex > poi tent ed 
"We pay top Com m is I s t o n " C o n ta c t 
A D O L P H O R 
R O M O AT 433 3295__________ 

R E A L T O R S -Jefferson Ole 

349-3535 
349-5111 de am e Owens 
WAITORS-IMLS 

Lockhill Selma Ole 

O P E N H O U SE 
243 K IL L A R N E Y 
O P E N 2 TO 5 P M S U N D A Y 
Custom built 4 bedrooms, 2 baths 
M any special features. 
532 5245 

Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage split-level hom e L u x u r­ io u sly c a rp e te d , a ir, a ll a p ­ p lia n c e s, fir e p la c e in fa m ily room , b e a u tifu lly la n d sc a p e d . 
Negotiable. 674-14*5 

M U S T S E L L ! ! 
Looded with c h arm . One ve ry large living area with cathedral ceiling, fireplace and deluxe wet bar. Separate dining, 3 bedrooms, h igh lot n e a r M e d ic a l C e n te r 
341 - 72o1, nites 342 o829 A sk tor 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F F 
F R E E G A R A G E S A L E S IG N S u s H o m e 
N EW HOM ES IN 
NORTHW EST SA N 
A N T O N IO 
C O M IN G SO O N 

R E A L T O R S SO Y ears of T R U ST 

 j Special Financing On 

I Selected Homes this 

| Week. LITTIE AS SI 

I MOVE 
IN on 
CON- 

I VENTIONAL or 
VA. 

I $45o MOVE IN CON- 

I VENTIONAL ON SOME 

I HOMES. A LOW 7'A 
I INTEREST 
RATE 
ON 

! SOME VA HOMES. 

Liv in g room plus fam ily room 
W as o duplex! Double garage , reduced to $21,ooo You'll love the site and condition 
344 3471, 
341 19o1 
BO B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S S East Oft 
T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S . Large 4 bed room , 2 'i both, 2 S T O R Y 
H O M E . Double g a ra ge , range, carpeting, paneled den and much more! No down paym ent 
Call today! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

G R E A T B U Y L a rg e 3-2-2, tire 
Place, built-ins, carp e ts. O nly 
$3,ooo equity, $378 mo Coil now 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

O P E N H O U SE S U N D A Y 
2 TO 5 P M 
4926 H E R S H E Y 
N ice b ric k hom e in O e llcre st. 
T e rra n o entry, built In kitchen and family room 
532 5245 

Quality is the keynote for this fine home JU ST L IS T E D 3 2-2, with form al living and din in g room 
Larae family room with vaulted beam ceiling and F IR E P L A C E 
12 x 2o Master bedroom. Carpeted throughout, cushion vinyl in kit ch en and b a th s. - M id 4 o 's. 
8284343, eves 655 8o7o. 

SERENE AND EXCITING 
The airiness of o gazebo, mingles with spacious comfort, in the his and her baths evolving around an elegant 19x19 master suite. This lovely 5 bedroom, 4 both home is perfectly suited to a family who likes to entertain. 
828-6391 Anytime 

F W 
$ J 
DEANIE 
W 
* M 
OWENS CO. 

Z r J B k 
REALTORS-—MLS 

 r jA B n c j j 
N.E. loop Oft. 

N O D O W N A N Y O N E I 4 be broom s, some appliances First payment Aug H abium os Espanol 
222 9 4 I6 T F R R A R E A L T Y24 H R S 
N O 
D O W N 
P A Y M E N T 
3 bedrooms, P i baths. $2oo d o tin g 
898 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6169 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
681-3o7o 

B E L O W A P P R A IS A L Rent nice 2 bed room house, paneled, wall- wall carpet, $13,5oo. Bv appoint men!. 534 1324 or 924 6o31________ 
•Brand new custom built hom es 
Onlv 6 left 3 Bedroom s, 2 baths, fireplace, lots ot extras. Central air heal M ust see to appreciate 
Southeast, 2 min Brooks, and IH 
37 527,ooo up VA, FH A, Conven fionol Loans. 342-7286 Anytim e 

3 bedroom 2 'i bath townhouse 
Electric kitchen. Nice carpeting 
Walk to elem entary school, pool, tennis courts. Ju st $29,5oo low equity and assum e. E rie Nagel. 
696-533o. 696 2712 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 

3-1-1 with lo ve ly fenced y a rd m any trees. Owner will paint in and out. Finest ar ea! $2o,9oo. Call 
Erie Nogel, 696-533o, 696-2712. 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 
Large corner lot with beautiful oak trees A real charm er with 3 b“droom s. 2 baths, separate liv­ ing and dining, sm all den, privacy fence. It 's a best b uy at only 
53o,ooo 341 72o1, rates 341 8294 

R E A ! TO RS S Fast Oft 
P E C A N V A L L E Y 
4255 T R E E H O U S f 
O P E N HOI1SF 2 TO 5PM 
3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, carped throughout 
531 5245 

Anyone can buy Vets don't lose their eligibility 3 4 bedioom s, 2 ba th s, so m e w ith a ir ond ap nuances 
Paym ents less than rent 
B O B D e P A O L O 
532 5251_______________ R E A L T O R 
O F F Zarzam ora l ike new 4 2 1 
$35o down, pym ts $165 
828 4545 P R IA K O S R L T Y 654 o975 
O L D E R H O M E 
Off Roosevelt 
2-1-1, fireplace, den and m ar# 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344 o936 

L A R G E L U X U R Y H O M E , large lot, large pool, large value tor a low price Bv Owner. 4 bedroom, 
2’ i bath, Lj acre lot, heated pool with d ivin g b o a rd . H o lly w o o d 
Park 494 5349 
W o n ’t take the shine oft this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with solar­ ium kitchen. Se p a ra te liv in g , shady covered patio, well treed yard. Assum e $225 mo. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

Tired of the plain-vanilla hom e? 
This 3 bedroom with circular kit­ chen and la rg e fire p lace d den tingles with taste. Separate living, bright dining Assum e $199 mo. 
S A N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

L A R G E S T LO T in the area plus scenic view of the Hill Country. 
Carpeted 3 bedroom, 2 bath, dou­ ble garage home in privacy area. 
Looded with e xtra s includ ing 2 fireplaces. $33,ooo or assum e $267 mo. 681-o66o. 

3-2-2, 75% brick, central heat air 
N o th in g dow n 
V A 
529,ooo 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S 
T A T E 732 2918. 732 5355, 228-9)o4. 

R E A L T O R S S East Ole 
Call for details 
• P R O S O N L Y 
N eed 3 A gents, 
"W e offer better C o m m issio n , must be license and lull time only. 
CO N T A C T 
A D O L P H O R R O M O 
AT 431 3295. 
JEFFERSON 

SCH O O L DISTRICT 

MANY SHADE TREES! Corner lot. 2 

 huge bedrooms, 2 baths, large 

 living-dining room, comfortable 

 family room. Separate workshop 

LOW DOWN PAYMENT High 2o s. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS l u y g 

, 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 I 

R E A L T Y W O R L D 
I 
YOU CAN SEE FOREVER ... * from this beautiful 2 ACRI hee stud jj ded building site In NORIHWOOD 
^ 
HILLS Country living at it s BISI, yet 
4 not loo far away fiom city straitest 
* 

6 9 o - 9 5 o 2 
V l a m p m a r w a t A L T o a s y * 

S O U T H R ID G E P A R K 
3-2-1, $21o down, $185 mo. H u rryt 
J «. J R E A L T Y 6/4 8883 Anytim e 
C h a rm in g 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath home, unusualty well maintained, quiet neighborhood, central heat- air carpeting, extras. $49,5oo. 
M O N T E V IS T A R E A L T Y 
735-o485 R EA LTO R S-M LS735-o485 

E au ity ond take o ve r S 'j % VA loan, $84 monthly paym ent, 39o7 
M an ch este r, E a st C e n tral sch dis! 333 TI3o. 621 2o19___________ 

C H E R R Y M IL L S - N e a r W W 
White, m arble patio, barbecue, a targe kitchen, 3 bedroom s, den, carpet, central heat air. Assum e low paym ents or refinance Call 
Anne 532-31o7. 648 33o7 

2627 S A L L Y G A Y 
O P E N S U N D A Y 2 TO 5 P M 
M ust see this im m aculate 3 be d ro o m , 2 b a th h om e . L o v e ly family room. 
532 5245 

The perfect home for a large ac­ tive fam ily. N e a r Lee H ig h in 
Castle Hills. 6 Large bedroom s, 4 baths, beautiful fam ily room with fireplace, and a kitchen to please any mother. 4o76 sa. ft., custom built on 3<*acres. 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
P R IC E R E D U C E D * 
W alk to H o lm e s H i or T -B ir d 
Elementary. K ids can have their own room in this spotless 4 be­ droom home. Fenced back yard to play in $32,9oo 
696-1412 Fortuna Assoc 681-3361 

 p r i c e r e 6 u c t i o n IN G L E N 
O A K S ! 75% B ric k hom e with 5 bedrooms. 3 baths, living- dining com bination, fam ily room with corner fireplace and cathedral c e ilin g , b u ilt-in k itc h e n w ith breakfast areo. Divided bedroom plan. Covered patio. Convenient to M edical Center and W ond er­ land. $53,9oo. 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

TRADE HOMES 
5 4 3 SPLIT BEDROOMS 
4-3 BATHS 

L E E HI S C H O O L A R E A , 3 be droom, 2 bath, large gam eroom only $38,ooo Call 341-4666. Mites 
344-7o36 
Don Bouchee a CO INC R E A L T O R S M L S 
L O C A T IO N ! 
T h is spaciou s 3 bed room b rick hom e is w a lk in g d is t a n c e to 
Colonies North School and Shop ping. Large corner fireplace and country kitchen. $47,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691 13oo 

Duplex and sm all house 86 X 253 lot Good rental property Roberta 
White, 533 7163, 331-8763. 
BOH JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

H E L O T E S P A R K E S T A T E S 
Huge custom built home situated on an enchanting, 2 acre corner lot. The 33oo sq.fi. of living space includes terraio tile fam ily room with targe fireplace, hobby room, study, 2* j baths, and all other fe a tu re s d e sire d in a lu x u r y hom e. 
A lso , h o s s u n ro o m , covered patio, and a triple c a r­ p o rt w ith s to ra g e ro o m . 
Realistically priced. 674-5411 

Let your home equity be the 1o% or 2o% down paym ent 8* j% now 
Going u p ? ? ? ? 8 models open daily 
Callaghan at Vance Jackson 

R E A L T O R S S East Q«c 
•• 493) S IN C L A IR ** 
Nothing down to anyone H uge lot. 
3 b e d ro o m s, huge den, tre e s 
Hablom os 
Espanol 
923-19o4, 
923 52o6 
A R C IN IE G A __________ 
A N N E S T E IN 
I N ew duplex in H e rita g e F a rm near W ilford Mall ond Lackla n d 
' A F B . One unit h as J bed room s ond 2 baths; the other unit has 2 bedroom s and I bath. Bedroom s and living areas are fully carpet ed. Kitchens ore equipped with range, dishw asher, disposal and refrigerator. Good incom e poten tial 
For viewing, call 473-5o81 
A N Y T IM E 

Homesite on 16o4 near Bandera 
Rd. Full ode, good trees, water system. Only $4,?So, 1o% down poyment 
$414? per mo. 
I? years at 8% simple interest. This one won t last long Hurry! 

 lakecroft Real Estate 
342-1661 or 679-715o 

REALTY WORLD 
Century 21 
2 a cre s plus I bed room home. 
P ecan, F ig , on d P e a ch trees. 
Owner will consider all term s or trade $27,ooo. 

Delightful 4 bedroom home on a quiet cu l-d e-sac lot, 2>z baths, form al livin g and dining, la rge den, oak trees galore. 341-72o1, nites 342-o829 A sk for V IR G IN IA 
N IE N D O R F F 

Only $16,ooo for this extra clean 
"S p ic 'N S p a n " home. C overed patio TH is is a super buy in the 
Oellcrest area Nites 732-3113. 
349-4343 Anytim e 

OLD O A K TREE flin g v *vr yK lo w ribbon w k ** yog too fa 
•! (fa,* 3 bedroom, I ' > barb witk a big 
•ak shading ik« po Im large family roam, farm ai dining. Vary conwamont la schools a ad sh a p in g . $43,9oo Nila*. 344-2437 

PERSO NALITY PLUS! 
4 bedroom, 2 betfes, with a beautiful covered screened and carpeted patio, large living area, fireplace, farms) dining. 
S41,SOO. Nites, W M S ? 

$1,715 EQUITY 
^ bedroom*. 2 bath townhouse with a huge 19s12 master bedroom Heat end air. budt-tn kitchen. Assume $245 mo. payment. Niles $28 1764. 
REALTY W ORLD 
BILL S O U T H ER N 
6 8 1 -3 2 2 2 

New home. 4 bedroom, 2'T baths. 
On 1 j acre with oaks. Form al liv­ ing and dining room. Double glass and extra insulation throughout. 
$89,5oo 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S _________________ M L S 
T R A D IT IO N A L B E A U T Y Per feet h o m e fo r fa m ily liv in g . 
Mother will appreciate the well- planned kitchen with occent on lots of cabinet space and built-ins. 
3 bedroom s, dining room, living room and that som ething extra called a garden room. Churchill 
School area 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

E L A IN E L U D W IG A A SSO C 

F in ish e d double ga ra ge , la rge fam ily area in cedar and walnut paneling, livin g-d in in g room , 3 bedrooms, 2 tile baths, m any ex­ tras. 
Near elementary school. 
732 3963. 

822 1154 
Since 
House. 2 large b e d room s, port and garage. 
V A apar. 
Only 
$12,5oo. 
341 -4455 
R E A L T O R S 
735-2276 
2 Story, 3 bedroom, I' ibafh, 2 car garage, built-in range, ce n tra l heat, nice neighborhood, $26,5oo 
337-8338 

Beautiful, cu stom , L e it u r a m a double wide 3-2 plus fam ily room, fireplace, wet bar, carpet and all appliances. 4 ton central heat and air, within w alking of all schools. 
Owner anxious. $13,ooo Call An nette M iddaugh 

$2o T O T A L M O V E IN 
Sky Harbour Areo - 3 4 bedroom s, appliances, air 
First paym ent 
August 
222 9 6 I6 T E R R A R E A L T V 2 4 H R S 
We specialiie in offering govern ment owned hom es for sole in the 
Lackland Kelly A ir Base orca No down, no VA eligibility required 
C all for com plete details. Ser vicem en's Realty, 675-13oo, 

H O LLY W O O D 
1oo% B ric k 3-2-2, fam ily room with fireplace, separate dining room, built-in kitchen, cathedral ceilings, sprinkler system. M uch more. Call 
O F F N A C O G D O C H E S 
Brick 'n Cedar 3-2-2, single living area with corner fireplace, built­ in kitchen, large m aster bedroom. 
Call 
R E M O D E L E D IN T O L U X U R Y 
H O M E 
Plush carpets and drapes thruout, 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, form al living and dining, fire p lace in la rg e fam ily room. Beautiful grounds, 2 patios, all built-ins. Ail this for 
39,5oo, 
494-5571 
N IT E S 656-4189 

IO 
A C R E S , 
D E E P 
W O O DS, 4 
S E G U IN 
# 
658 34oo W atson A Son I 379 748o # 
4o a cre s, e xq u site vlew . l a r g e * oaks, beautiful build ing site arf « paved L au rie M achell, off a u ld ■„ verde and Sm ithson Valley R d s ' 
D ays 226-5111, eves 341-o46* 
Z 

L O S A N G E L E S H G T S 
• 3 be droom (tollhouse on Pasadena. 2 car garage, 528oo eauity, $128 mo. 
675-1691, 342-7435. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
M A G N IF IC E N T M E D I T E R R A N 
E A N ! A land scap ed c o u rty a rd invites you to a su n ke n liv in g room! Dining and fam ily room s with a double fir e p la c e ...4 b e ­ drooms, 2 baths. G am e room with wet bar is 2ox19. 
$65,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 

REA LTO R S-SO V e o rs of T R U ST 

Proudly We Rave! 
About this im m a cu la te 3-2-2 in 
T B ird H ills. F e n c e d , w ith a beautiful ya rd . R u b y W rig h t, 
344-2341, 342-5847. 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

Unique J story native rock on 2 acres, 2 fireplaces. W ork room , g re e n h o u se , ga rd e n , k e n n e ls, pecan trees. $45,ooo by owner. No agents, pleose 337 8258 
••• W H Y R E N T ? B U Y ! E a sy to 
Qualify. Little or no credit is OK. 
Call now! 923 19o4, 923 52o6 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

E X C IT IN G P A T IO H O M E 
I 2-2-2 with wet bar, disposal, com ­ pacter, fireplace, lots of storage. 
Twin lofts- tennis courts- pooi- i security service. M ove in today! 
$54,9oo. 
I 699-1133 
R E A L T O R S t-625-7796 

C O Z Y 
2 b e d ro o m s, stu c co , paneled A ssum e $1o2 mo. Trade for anything of value. 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 698 2116 lf n U n id * * M ! W A Y 
Frontage, Unim proved. To buy or a sell, call 
226 8357 
342 9338 
344 9424 Z 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs of T R U S T 
T R I L E V E L C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
4 bedrooms, 3 baths, gam eroom . 
Heated pool. Larae lot. Prestige area. $72,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691 13oo 

D E L L C R E S T Custom built brick, king size bedroom , 2 full baths, large living area, brick fireplace, 
2 car garage, V A -FH A . Call Olga, 
$32-31o7 or 673 o1o8 

R E A D Y , S E T ..GO* M o v e into this 3 bedroom, 2 bath Southwes­ tern style home, close to M arshall 
High. Family, dining room s Too! 
536,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
* 
EXECUTIVE 
" J 
* COUNTRY ESTATES^ 

J * I atle a 3 bedroom a wood 
J burning fireplace a raveled'** 
I * polio a many extros A quiet "6* 
|*F country living with oil the city 4* 
* conveniences a no city loxes a t f one of a kind a wooded lot a 
* (juichase before price tncteose • + 
* a I, bargain $62,8oo 
4$ if 
VA financing available. 
*• 
* 
B- 
Coll 
* 
T O M H O T M A N 
* 

* 
684-31 13 
* 
J 
1646 ROB ROY 
I 

Real E state <4 

This spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath home is available now Com plete­ ly equipped kitchen, finished g a r­ age and p rivacy fence. A ssu m e low interest V A loan. For viewing, coll 673 5o83 A N Y T IM E 

I B e d ro o m , o th e r b id g s a n d foundations m oved 653 o412. 
Century 21 
Century 21 
C u sto m -b u ilt hom e with la rg e fireplaced fam ily room, Florid a room, on top of the hill and all privacy fenced. Enioy the fantas­ tic backyard and pool. 

A N N E S T E IN 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & A SSO C 
By owner, * j acre trees. Spacious 
3-2-2, beamed fam ily room with large fireplace, much storage * i block lo swim and tennis. $49,75o. 
For app t coll 341-5664 aft Spm. No a g e n >s_________________________ 

H O L L Y W O O D P A P K 
Beautiful trees surround this 4-2-2 on quiet cul-de-sac. M any extras including 
F P and Bl kit. Separate M B R w- 
O R and door to patio. 494-5221 

1222 D E N V E R , oft S. W alters, neat 2 bed room hom e, fre sh ly painted, fenced yard, detached garage w orkshop. L a rg e pecan trees, near bus. $12,ooo. V A F H A 
R E YCO 
R E A L T Y . 
534 3292. 
648-o713 

• R E A L 
E S T A T E 
N E E D 
3 salespersons, draw against sales and listings "W e pay more than any co. C O N TA C T: A D O L P H OR 
R O M O AT: 433-3295. 

Locate d in S e n e ca E st a te s on large lot. 3 bedroom s plus hobbv room or office Nice hom e with many possibilities. 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G IN SH A V A N O 
P A R K 
ISO oak trees enhance this 2 acres with horse stalls and custom-built home. Fireplace in large living room. 

N E E D G R O W IN G R O O M ai a low price? Over 18oo sa.ti. of fam ily livin g in an uncom pleted 3 be­ droom home, you can finish to your taste. Only $23,ooo. 681-o66o. 
Century 21 
Eastw ood V illage 2-1-1, $13,SOO. 
333 1442 or 349-2oo5 atter 5 pm 
S chneider Realty 
696 72oo 
U N IV E R S IT Y 
O A K S, 
BY 
O W N E R 
A ttra c tiv e 3-2-2 n a tu ra l ro ck home. L a rg e fenced back y a rd with 4o oak trees. Rock entry and fireplace. Close to schools, M ed complex, U T SA , and U SA A . No agents $43,5oo 696 4899_______ 

Century 21 
C h a rm in g 3-2-2 with co u rty a rd entry in T H E S U M M IT Full living and dining Beam ed fam ily room with fire p lac e ...D e c o ra to r kit­ chen, built-in hutch NO W $44,9oo. 
69o-98o2 

N E W L iST IN G -R e d brick colonial on picturesque corner lot. O ver 
22oo sq.ft., 3 h uge b e d ro o m s, beamed ceilings and fireplace in the I L IV IN G A R E A , sep arate dining. 
Draped and shuttered. 
Immaculate 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S ______________ 
M L S 
H O LLY W O O D P A R K 
Room for pool-tennis-horses on 
I* j acres of oaks. Solar home 3-3 den, fireplace, patios. Bv owner. 
WH M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494-3644 
H O M E A N D M O T H E R IN LA W 
Q U A R T E R S . Large 2 bedroom 2 bath hom e with fireplace. Eft. apartm ent in rear, plus g re e n ­ house. All (or only $28,5oo. 

S chneider Realty________ 696-72oo 

F A N T A S T IC V E W 
From the Veranda of this Spanish 
Contem porary High on MI. L a u r­ el, all the built-ins include; Double 
Oven, Charcoal Grill, Etc. 3-2* j -2 p lu s q u o te rs or stu d y. L a r g e 
Fence B ock Y a rd , R e a r O rive with Paved Alley. In the 6o's, Call 
226 8436 or 696-8913 For Appt. 

 on this nice 2 bedroom home of 
358 Langford. Large tomily room. 
Fenced yard. B ellaire addition, just $18,3oo D avid Laird. 696-533o, 
684-12o2. 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 

N E E D L A N D ? 17 A C R E S Need a home?-3 bedroom, 2 bath, all ma sonry Need a w orkshop?-7o X 3o', located just oft Bandera near the 
Loop. 681-o66o. us-Home 
REALTO R*227-81Q 5 

IO ACRES 
Le ss than 5 mi. from Loop 41o 
$15oo an acre Ow ner carry 
344 6268 
34 ) 6566 
684-5768 

WANT H A LL? 
3 B E D R O O M H O M E 
N E A R 
B A SE S. For on unbelievable $159 mo No down to anyone. 675-1691, 
673 491o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
B E L L A IR E . Buy equity and as- som e $147 monthly on 3 bedroom, 
I bulb . D o n 't m is s th is one 
923-4327, 924-2922 
Ronald WiUiomson 
Bv owner. 4 bdrm, J bath, living, dining, den, storgge shed, large yard 923 3171, 22/ 5oo4___________ 
B y Owner, in Valley HI, nice 3-1 I, energy saver, carpet, central air. drapes, stove, refrigerator. $39oo equity or 
$2o,6oo refinance 
674-35o1 

ROH.ING KIDO ! 
Close to everything and on a big tree shaded lot. 3-2-2, den, lying and dining. M any Extras. M id 3o's 
D E L L V IE W A R E A 
Newly pointed, 3 bedroom 2 bath, living end den flow together. Cen­ tral air, pecon trees. Only $26,5oo. 

That s what yo u 'll gel with this home. It has a fireplace, built in book case s, p lu s m uch, m uch more. And it is as neat as can be. 
Call for more details. 

Devine, Texas 
1863-4558 
N EW L IS T IN G 
3-2-2 in Forest Oaks. New wall to wall, new air. covered patio and large, fenced treed yard 536,5oo. 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341-5423 

I 
Of CENTRAL TEXAS 
* 
F IR S T 
O F F E R IN G of th is spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bath, ranch style home. Cheerful, large g a r ­ den kitchen, dbl. garage, privacy fenced, well m aintained. Y o u r children will love the great neigh­ borhood, with pool ond te n n is courts. $31,ooo 

Appraised, 2 or 3 bedrooms, den 
1291 sq. ft Wall to wall carpets, drapes. Im m ed iate occupancy. 
Maxine Ham m ond. 533-7163. 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 
344-62o7, 684-433o Anytim e 
Bandera, Pipe Creek area Deer, turkey, secluded Yet lust minutes from 41o Ow ner financed, $2oo dawn. Show n by a p p t. E M O R Y 
J O N E S 734 4627, 828-6244 

Bring your paint brush. No down poyment to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, som e with air and all appliances. Paym ents less than rent. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
532 5251________________R E A L T O R 
$6oo DOW N 
Under F H A Financing buys this extra sharp 3 bedroom beauty in nice NW Neighborhood oft Vance ja c k so n . L o ve ly covered patio and new root. $18,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691 13oo 

Century 21 to Acres, majestic oaks, well $2oo dn 
Terms. 
Owner financed 
67 7 8o54______________________ 
R E A L T O R S N West Otc 
Whitehead-Holiday 
T e x o s size lot, 5.9o A cre s. On s c e n ic loop ro a d in H e lo te s, houses this older hom e of 3 be­ droom s, fam ily room with fire ­ place. Call now* 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 

A 
B E A U T I F U L 
P I E C E 
O F 
P R O P E R T Y on M edina Lake wa terfront with home and e ve ryth ­ ing you could desire. Call for appt. 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

684 3711 
R E A L T O R S 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
N e a r M oly N a m e a n d K a le 
Schenk School. V e ry neat 3 be­ droom, I bath home. Central heat and w.ndow air. High, pretty lot. 
$23,6oo 
R E A L T O R 
691 13oo 

Don't M iss This Perfect Home! 
Perfect M ove in Condition! 
Perfectly Beautiful! 
Perfect Large Corner Lot! 
Perfect Location! 
P L U S 
Perfect Price! 
C A L L 494-3541 
D A L E R IL E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

F O R E S T O A K S 
N ew to m a rk e t, all b r ic k c o n te m p o ra ry , 3-2-2, s u n k e n fam ily room, cathedral beam ed ceiling, large corner fireplace. 
S a ltillo tile e n try w ith b r ic k planter, separate dining, covered patio. Only 543,9oo. 

Secluded $' j ocres in Hill Country 
Village 3 bedrooms, 3 bath home with 3 fireplaces. G reat fam ily home. $98,ooo. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S _________________ M L S 
S C E N IC V IE W from the patio of a 
2-story, wood and stucco home in a country-like area! 3 bedrooms, 
2* i baths. Living room plus fire- placed family room. 
$46,2oo 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL 8PM 

4 m iles. N ew B ra u n fe ls, w oter line, large tank Owner carry 28 acres. 
" ID E A L H O M E " tor the grow ing fam ily. 4 spacious bedroom *, 2 baths, 2 living areas with separ­ ate d in in g room . B e a u t ifu lly decorated throughout. Fro m the covered patio enioy the exotic garden. E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T . 
494-7651 A N Y T IM E 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
N W of Sa n A n to n io in B e x a r, 
Comal, Kendall Co’s. 1-18- acres or More 

B y owner, Valley Hi, nice 3 11. 
517,9oo 167 Flair Drive 674 3138 or 735 2829 
Century 21 
R E A L TORS-Austin Hwy Otc 
Good deer hunting, has pasture half field Ow ner carry. i 
Sontex Co Realtors 653-o46o 

3 2 C O N V E R T E D 
G A R A G E , central oir-heat, appliances, car pet, like new inside and out Utility room. Equity has been reduced 
O w n e r w is h e s to self b e fo re departure. $28,5oo. 
Century 21 
N E W L IS T IN G • Pretty treed lot, 4 bedroom family home with large paneled den tor le isu re livin g. 
3o'S. 826-1962 

S E N E C A 
This 3-2-2, split level, has 19oo sa. ft. of b e a u tifu l liv in g a re a . 
Separate living and dininq, nice den with fireplace Bay window in breakfast areo, overlooks lovely patio and landscaped yard. 

E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSO C 
698 244o 
B R O K E R 
698 2261 
112 7 A C R E S near Blanco, $8995, easy term s by owner 534 8876. 
45 Acres near Chacon Lake 
Irrig ate d , 2 b e d ro o m house, 2 b arn s, utilitie s, m a n y e x tra s. 
565,ooo. J o h n W in n - R o b e r ta 
White, 533 7163, 624-2474, 333-8763, 
BO B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSO C 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S - 3 bedroom, ! bath, centro! heat-air. A ssu m e 
5129 mo. 
333-4144 
Nites 337-8478 Century 21 
R E A LT O R S-SO Years of T R U S T 
R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytim e 
---------------------------------------------- N E W ON T H E M A R K E T ! Colon- 
I l i Q D I R l T i n i i IIH IQ I Q C i 
*e* North! Close to elem entary 
I l i o n n n l l U t l n lL L a A n u l sch o o l and sw im c lu b . 3 be 
3-2-2, big den, built-in kitchen, drooms. M aster suite in separate 
C entral heat and air. C o ve re d wing. Living room, separate din- patio, coal, green big shady lot I ing room. Fam ily roam with fire­ brick of Longfellow Jr. High. City place. Beautiful yard and covered bus around the corner. Priced in patio. $5o,5oo. 826-o121 A N Y T IM E 
♦he 3o's. Original owner. Shown 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
L a rg e 3 bedroom hom e off St. 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e ars of T R U S T 
Cloud. Beautiful yard full of trees, j 
Buy this one VA or FHA. $17,25o 
N E W VA H O M E S, 824-1279 
Call 656-1234 
$27,8oo 3-2-1, all carpet 
RFIIMRPFT 
S&StittSSSi 

Step tow ard m ony ye a rs of en­ joyable living by inspecting this hom e today! C o n sistin g of 3-2, large fam ily room , electric kit­ chen. Y o u 'll Love the beautiful courtyard entrance. Call 822-33o1 
Century 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

B y w e ll-m a n ic u re d g r o u n d s , p riv a c y fence and good n e ig h ­ b ors. L a rg e c o u n try k itc h e n , plush living, 3 bedroom, 2 baths. 
Only 3* i years old. 2o‘s. 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 
2123 W H E R M O S A $13,75o 
Near Schools and Churches 
W A L T E R H. M E Y E R 733-82o3 

B R A U N ST A T IO N 
Lovely oak trees surround this stone colum ned m asonry hom e 
3-2-2 with large stone fireplace in 
22 x 13 ft. living area. K itchen window to the front. Sw im m ing and tennis facilities available. 
Low Equity. 

R R R A N S O M R E A L T Y 673 77o1 
DO N T R E N T ! 
Anyone can buy! Ea sy to Qualify I 
52oo total m ove in cost 
674-6126________R A E Real Estate 
E A S Y TO QUAL I F Y 
A n y o n e c a n b u y . 3 a n d 4 b e ­ droom s 52oo total move in cost 
674 6126________R A E Real Estate 
H E R IT A G E F A R M 
Lovely large 2-story 4-2* j-2 high on a hill A p p ro x . 2,ooo sa ft. 
Fam ily room with fireplace 

V/ikn Near Med Center 
U SA A and U T SA in luxury add 
Ilion, chain link fence, trees 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4M7 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
2o A cres at $69$ acre off 281N, 
Oaks, lovely springs, hunting Jim 
Ashley Real Estate 684 4276______ 
6 A C R E S 4 B D R M |V2 B A T H 
F ir e p la c e 
A s Is. $22,8oo, o r remodeled with new roof, garage and patio, $35,ooo A good buy either way S A M W O R D . Realtor 
I 663 2621, Devine, Texos.________ 

SO U TH 
R E A L T O R S 
Guy Chipman Co 

S H A D E D B Y 

H O R SE L O V E R S see this brick 4-2-2 on to ocres today. Fantastic big fam ily home neor rural community. Call now. 
H IG H L A N D P A R K 
Lovely I'/» story with t'/i baths and lots of potential. Call today. 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
Cozy 2-1-1 w ith den, id eal for young couple! Low equity and low payments. Coll 
$32-3252 A N Y T IM E ! 

 g ra ce fu l s p r e a d in g tre e s is a beautiful 4 bedroom home in W hi­ spering Oaks. Form al living, din­ ing, den hos fireplace, gam eroom , se w in g ro o m , d r a s t ic a lly reduced. Ask for Beth. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T s u rro u n d e d by tall o a k s, this m agnificent 2-story French is the picture ot elegance! 4 bedrooms, p lu s stu d y and se w in g room . 
Separate living and dining. 
$72,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

6 acres, na down $59.4o mo. B lan ­ co area, woaded, high view, next large ranch Jim Ashley Realty 
1226-7774. ___________________ 
D R E A M H O M E 
Over 183o sq. ft. of perfection. One of a kind! Brick and Cedar home. 
Separate livin g and dining. D e ­ s ig n e r kitchen, top of line a p ­ p lia n c e s. H u g e u tility ro o m . 
Sprinkler system , private patio. 
JU ST L IS T E D ! 

By owner, custom built exciting sp a cio u s c o n te m p o ra ry , 3-2-2. 
Luxury appointments throughout. 
B ric k floors, d e lu xe b u ilt-in s 
P ro fe ssio n a l la n d sc a p in g . No agents. 492-9547.__________________ 

3 A C R E S P O T E E T 
Older home, cliv utilities $2o,ooo 
S IM M O N S R E A L E S T A T E 
Poteet 742 3368 
S A 342-4o53 
Century 21 
Century 21 
Century 21 
Century 21 
4 acres. Blanco area. high view, oak trees, hunting. $1ooo acre. 
Jim Ashley Real Estate 684-4276 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
Schneider Really 
Century 21 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
Prestige executive home, 4 B e ­ drooms, with gam e room, sw im ­ m ing pool O N L Y 2Va Y E A R S 
OLD. $11o,ooo. 696-1412 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
E L A IN E L U D W IG a ASSO C 
(On Sulphur Springs Rd Beautiful oaks. Close-in O w ner financed 
Bill Harper, 494-7412. 
_ 
IS.J a c re s. S t a g e c o a c h H il ls t phone, elec. public water, beau­ t if u l h o m e site . 342-1231 d a y ) 
1344-o8o1 e v e s ______________ 

S H A V A N O P A R K 
This executive hom e in Shavano 
Park situated on a wooded acre 
O u tsta n d in g fa m ily ro o m fe a ­ tures: Circular wet bar, beamed ceiling and m a ssive fireplace 4 
Bedroom 3* j botas. B R A N D N E W 
ON M A R K E T with owner saying 
Sell A S A P " $115,ooo 696-1412 

J E F F E R S O N A R E A 
Love ly well kept duplex. O ve r 
28oo sq.ft. liv in g a re a 
R o o t 3 years old. M any nice features. 

43o6 JA R B E T 
O P E N S U N D A Y 2 TO 5 
Come see the best looking house in O ellcrest F o re st. L a rg e be­ drooms. larae ocean trees. 
532 5245 

E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T 
Absolutely beautiful, all brick, 3 bedroom plus sew ing or fourth bedroom, 2* i baths, tormal living, d ining, fa m ily room with fire ­ place, la rg e patio u n d e r roof. 
Large finished garage. P rivac y fe n ce d v o rd . P r ic e d to sell. 
R E A L T O R . 494 1951 

37 A C R E S B L A N C O R O 
ID E A L FO R G A R D E N H O U S E S 
Opposite Canyon Creek Estates 
No county zoning. B ig oak trees 
WH M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494 3644 
IOO acres, by owner, G uadalupe 
River, approx 3ooo ft. or more, 66 m i from San A n to n io betw een 
S e g u in a n d G o n z a le s. L o ts of p e c a n tre e s, lo ts of im - provements. 424 3393.__________ 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L L I D A Y 
681-o3oo______________R E A L T O R S 
F O R R E S T O A K S 
Near Medical Complex, ail brick, vacant, new ly carpeted, 4-2-2. 
Dan. fireplace, all extras. H igh location. Low 4o's. 
LOW IN T E R E S T -A S S U M E 
Paym ents under $26o on this 3 yr. old, 3-2-2, with large single living areo. Medical Center area. Low 
3o s. 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
Super 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, on corner. Large living, dining, and den. L a rg e oak trees, co ve re d yard. A lovely home for onlv 
$39,95o. 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
Large, lovely custom built, fully carpeted, 4-2-2, den with fireplace, form al are as. L a rg e w ell-kept yard. Only $57,5oo. 

3 bedroom, 2 bath home with 2-cor garage All appliances and some carpet R e a so n a b le equity and assum e. Full price $3o,6oo F o r viewing, call 673-5o83 A N Y T IM E 

(W ITH 1oo% D O W N ) 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
L a rg e st lot in th is m o st p r e s ­ tigious area of San Antonio, stud ded with Oaks, is the setting for this lovely and spacious 4-2-2 plus 
2 half baths! Elegant step down living area, fireplace and form al dining. Excellent entertainm ent flo o rp io n ! M A N Y built-ins ond extras! Call for appointm ent to see at 2823 W H IS P E R H IL L - 
181,8oo 492-9526, 342-9393 
San Antonio Homeowners 
A S S O C IA T IO N B R O K E R S 
342-9393 

\1.13 A C R E S. With 2 1oX55 mobile homes Com bined, fenced, air, 4 mi. south 
M arion, 
$12,ooo 
[1-42o-283$ 
* 

7 m odels open dally, $72,5oo to 
*115,ooo, 1o% or 2o% down, will trade, Oak Valiev-Oak Creek NW out Vance Jackson at Callaghan 

Stucco 2-3 bedroom hom e with 
16So + sq.ft. on an extra large lot 
Central H A, only $27,5oo 
Call now 
736-4426 

R E A L T O R S S East Otc 
Century 21 
C U D D Y G L A SC O C K 

JU ST L IS T E D T h is lcb u lo u s 4 bedroom , 3 bath, 2 story on ap ­ prox. I acre. Neor lake. Over 25oo sq.ft. 
333-4144 
Nites 333-6143 

9 A C R E : W A T E R F R O N T 
$5oo down payment, $78 per m o 
Owner financed Call 734-o3o) 
S H E N A N D O A H 
S P L IT B E D R O O M 3-2-2. F u lly carpeted, lovely custom drapes. 
$32,9oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

16 A C R E S - C A M P S T A N L E Y 
3 bdrm home, 2 both, living room w ith F P , d in in g ro o m com bo, fam ily room, Saltillo tile and car­ pet. beautiful oaks W E S T R E A L - 
TY 656-4494 $79,5oo______________ 

G L A SC O C K 
L a rg e 4-2-2, two liv in g a re a s, family roam with fireplace, extra clean. VA, FH A . Conventional 
675 285o 
E a u it y re d u c e d $3ooo, 4-2-2, 
Tow nview Eatates Carpet, fire­ place, c o v e re d patio p riv a c y fence, corner lot. $45,4oo. 7J« VA. 
$362 mo, $9547 equity. No agents. 
684-8833 
Century 21 
SO UTH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

 with lovely tank, E. Central D is­ trict, woter and electricity avail. 
344-6268 
341-6566 
695-311) 

R EA LTO R S-Jefferson Otc 
Century 21 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 
Aliena Village, 3-1-*, large den, central heat and air, covered pa h o w ith b ric k b a r b e c u e pit 
$26,9oo, by owner. 
341-5732, 
341-6731 

SO UTH E A S T R E A TO RS 
R E A L T O R S-S . West Otc 
E L A IN E L U D W IG 8. A SSO C 
L A K E S ID E B E A U T Y - 4 2 2. $45o to move in. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344 o936 
L IS T IN G S W A N T E D 
Buyers watting for 2-1 bedroom s 
533-1oo9 Responded Rlty 656 5667 
L O V E L Y 4-Vj-t. $35o dn 
Pym 
$145 
8284545 P R IA K O S R L T Y 654-o975 

Close to intersection Hwy 46 and 
B a n d e ra 
A p p ro x 2o a c r e s in coastal berm uda M a y divide into 
25 a c re tracts. C h a rle s Q uist. 
344-2341, 732-175o. 
B O B JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 

O N K IN G S H IG H W A Y 
Exceptional all brick, 3 bedroom, 
2 bath home plus quarters and 2 car garage. 
Call tor detail*. 
824-o284. 

IN D IA N C R E E K 
Clean 2 bedroom , I bath, la rge den with fireplace. No dow n to 
Veterans. Low down F H A $18,75o 
DDoraised. 
924-4253 
924-6185 

S P A C IO U S family home, fam ily area close to malls, 5-2-2, fireplace. Fantastic closets, storage. 
B IG rooms. 
N ICE. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

Vacant, in p re fe rre d n e ig h b o r­ hood. All it needs is your loving 
(amity. 3 Bedroom s, 2 baths, cen­ tral air and heat. V A appraised, 
$35,5oo 344 8318 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

N S IS D - 3-l-cp, 52oo down, 517o mo. 
J a J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
Century 21 
THI A d IO N N U M B ! * 
FO R FAST R IS U L T S 
P L A C I T O U R W A N T A D 
IN TH I i X P R I S S N I W S 
CALL 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

FO R FAST RESU LTS 
P L A C f T O U R W A N T A D 
IN TMf i X P R IS S N E W S 
CALL 2 2 S 1 o 6 6 

NW , T a lle y Rd. J u st off 16o4. 
Beautiful scenic country. J E R R Y 
B A C O N R E A L T O R S . 684 2195. 
622-3323, 622-3735. 

Whitehead-Holidav 
Century 21 
THE N U M B E R I O C A LL 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

R E A L T O R S 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 
C A L I 2 2 S 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

18121o56 

248-BFFICE SPACE FOB [EME 
San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday June 5, 1977 
282 FARMS AWO MUCHES 
A Fine View of t a Villita JDO ta ft 
Tower Lite B id s *145 mo Avail 
June I 226-5837, 73S-53Ai_________ 

S E Loop AJO, * acre horseoas ture, g r o t t , water 333-2741 
West Tx MO A rret, IS per ac yr 
F a rm in g , g r a z in g , u tilitie s 
914-6o37 or offer 5: 423-1611 
HOW TS KEEP 
YOUR COWS CONTENTED 
Th is beautiful place h o t R IC H 
B L A C K SO IL, rattier rare in the 
Hill Country, or anyw ay, medium ra re . T h e lo t h N U T R IT IO U S 
G R A S S E S on this 8o a cre s will graze m any on anim al About MO ft. OI R O A R IN G S T R E A M with 
P E R M A N E N T S P R IN G S , both sides of wafer on property See this B E A U T Y S P O T w here D E E R abide 

A P T S . F U R N IS H E D 
Leakey A rea 
R an ch es A R iv e rla n d 

14 ACRES on (rn diver with highway frontogt and pecan bottom 
SO ACIES on Sobmol liver neor 
Yonderpool and Lott Atopies 
State Pork 
S ACIES on hillside with view of 
Frio Canyon and deeded access to privole lake Only S49 pet month 
9o ACIES on Frio liver, pretty valley kind with mony choice building sites 
7o9 ACIES on Cypress Creek with 
2 story lodge, heavily wooded, excellent hunting 
1ooo ACIES with good spring and creek Nice hunters cabin 
18oo ACIES with 3 miles of waterfront. Beautify1 holes of water over TO ft deep 
BRICE 
PROPERTIES 
3 3 3 - 5 3 4 9 O f f. 
3 3 3 - 5 3 o 8 Wee 
Box 436 lowkey, TX 78873 

Attention W holesale Lum ber A 
Bldg Reps Office So o t? $5o 
Moffett Lum ber Co. 432-7881 
Two miles West of Boerne — 19So sq. ft of Rock House hidden in large ooks on 1.9 ones. Excellent condition with easy access. 
* * * 
Three bedroom, IVY both Nestled among a cluster of ook trees. 
Minutes from town JS/.OOO 
O O * 
3o Acres of view located on good rood. Terms available 
* * * tog cobin with 121 acres— oil fen cen — large kike — coastal bermuda — deer — turkey — financing available 

A . C. S C M W E T H E L M 
A N D A S S O C IA T E S 
8ot trout Strxrt 
Comfort, Tonal 78o13 
Telephone: 
(SI JI o95-3313 
(512) 9 95 -2 1 *3 (Nights) 

R IT T IM A N R D A T IH3S 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
665o F A IR D A L E 
656-1oo1 

A P T S . F U R N IS H E D 

5 acres and 3 bedroom home 
344-8248 
923 5844 
495 3113 
A ttractive Sp a n ish Style Office b ld g, on 
L o o p 
41o n e a r 
W onderland. Single offices with a n sw e r in g s e rv ic e . O r la r g e space designed for you. Reasona- blo. 735-9241,_____________________ 
GUADALUPE RIVER TRACTS 

1 - 3 ACRES . 
. 
. . NEW BRAUNFELS AREA 

W-Ar 
Ar Ar ★ 
CALLAGHAN AND W. 
* 
COMMERCE STREET 
J 

4 o A C R E S . . . Z O N E D * 
IN D U S T R IA L . $ 6 o o o Per * 
Acre. Terms. This is un- 4 questionably the 
BEST ^ 
V A L U E in the city! Ideal ^ for w arehouses and other related use. 
^ 

CARLOS SANCHEZ, AGENT J 
2 2 2 - 1 o 9 2 
I 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C 
35 Cents aer ft. includes utilities 
Neor M ed Center NW Carpeted. 
288 o n o 4oo sa. ft. C a ll R u t s 
Stevens, R E A L T O R 699-1133 

H 2o A C R E S : Hilt Country 
Take up oovm enfsi 592 98 mo putts. 
U nusual opportunity 
Owner financed Coll 734 o3o1 
Choice Office Space IOO sq.ft. up 
On New North Expressw ay near 
A irp o rt . 
R e a s o n a b le ra te s. 
C o v e re d p a r k in g A il con een- itnces. Coll 344-3454 weekdays 

B A N D E R A and E V E R S R D 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-3311 

W e have IO large (2 o o ft. t o 3 o 5 ft.) wooded river front lots in Com al County's restricted prestigious rural sub­ division, only 5 miles from N e w Braunfels and IH35. 
These are the O N L Y river front lots in this 1 o o o acre development. Prices start at $ 2 4 ,5 o o . This is the FIRST offering of our river tracts. 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 M ain St. 
Boerne, Tx 
(512)249 2o31 Collect 

P O Box SOO, Boerne, Tx, 78oo4 
(512) 249-2114 Or 537-44o7 
IF you own property any where, w here you c a n ’t a ffo rd to sell because of capitol gain tax, but you would like to exchan ge for something else......................... 
Perhaps we can help you. 
D E V A U L T A ASSO C. 349-2477 
Property M orketm g-Exchange 

H IL L C O U N T R Y L IV IN G S min to U T SA 
»« to 3 acre homesite 
PIG O T T P R O P E R T IE S 494 /871 
E X C E L L E N T N O R T H C E N - 
TR A L L O C A T IO N : for offices or retail space. U p to 3ooo sa.lf. by owner 
Coll 
Rick 
Brenner, 
824-o684__________________________ 

H ill C o u n try R iv e rfro n fs lots, from 3 to 2o acres, on C rysta l 
C le a r S a b in a l R iv e r. C v o re ss 
Hollow, 4 miles north of Utopia, on 
Fm -187. 
W e e k d a y s, 
A u stin 
512 924 4578, W eekends, Utopia. 
512-944-34o7 Types Realty_______ 
Acreage on IMIO, some in Bexar and some right inside Guadalupe 
C ou n ty, e x c e lle n t in ve stm e n t. 
E ve s 458-2o31. 

H IL L T O P 
5 4 O A K S T U D D E D A C R E S 
Beautiful view in prestigious Fair 
O o ks D evelopm ent P rice incl, a rch ite c tu ra lly de sign e d floor plan Priced in the S3o’s. 49o-8994, oft 4______________________________ 
KEN KARGER, d eve lo pe r 

325 LANDA 
NEW BRAUNFELS, TX. 781 3o 

625-4414 

U m i n i d ” Z O N E D B2 
T O D A Y S B E S T B U Y ! Call: 
224-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
LOOKING FOR A 1 

REW ARDING 

INVESTMENT? 
712 Aires in Kerr County, forge 
Ook trees (over o gentle terrain 
White toil deer are numerous 
Develop your own hill country lifestyle. Reasonably priced, SOSO per acre. 

MEEK & ASSOCIATES 

RANCH SALES INC. 

718 ALPINE DR. 

KERRVILLE, TX. 78o28 

 k 
512-257-888o 
J 

Iu d Locators ct Texas 

R e d Estofe 
Homestead on Nacogdoches Rd 
25 Acres Outside 14o4 514o,ooo 
Owner 451-4985__________________ 

K A R N E S C O U N T Y 
192 acre stock form. V> coastal ' » cultivated Good pens and well. V« m in e 'als Presently teased for oil. 
2oo acre aiom ing form available for cash lease W rife to: Box 3)2, 
K a rn e s City, T e xa s, 78118. For cosh o n c e ________________________ 
K A R N E S C O U N T Y 
Large brick cou ntry hom e on 4 acres. O ut­ standing 554,75o 
43o A C R E S d e ve lo p e d T a n ks, utilities, water. W ill Subdivide, 
*55o per acre. 
IOO A C R E field on F M road, off 
H W Y ISI 
2 N IC E , 2 ocre lots. Good location 

A P T U N IT S P L E A S A N T O N 
4 U n its f u r n is h e d p lu s liv in g quarters. Just *5o,ooo 
S IM M O N S R E A L E S T A T E 
Poteet 742 3348 
S A 342 4o53 r 
4 2 o A C R E S 
Refugio Co., 9,3oo ft of Mission 
River frontage, beautiful trees, lots of game, no minerals. Owner 
Anonang. $75o per acre 
S O A C R E S 
Near Kennedy, cultivated, fenced, water well and some trees ex­ cellent weekend retreat. $625 per ocre. 
2 5 o A C R E S 
Medino County — South of Bon deco Secluded with good access, excellent hunting ranch and weekend retreat 
Private rood easement to Medina Uke. Flexible terms. Coll Gory Roberts 
V E S T L A N D 
(5 1 2 ) 8 5 4 -1 O I 5 i 

I B e d ro o m A p a rtm e n t, re a r, working couple only. 
*125 
435-o445.__________________________ 
4-21»-2 R e d b ric k ro n ch style , 
Central o-h, fireplace lorge living area on 3 acres with horse facile ties. Ju st 15 m in u te s North of 
M all Bulverde Schools. $55,ooo 
Call Jim Manley, Broker 

'N 232 FLWS MUI MUCHES 
" T H E C R O S S R O A D S ” 
3 offices. Receptionist area, stor­ age closets, ail bills paid, daily janitorial service. 
828-6324 
M IK E B E L Z ___________ 

LOWE* UKE BIACID HOME 

This is one of the properties thct nature has smiled on in particular, protected bv the shady arms cf centuries Old trees and caressed by the clear, green waters of lower Uke Placid — 
27o H on the lake, all improved 
— Bi level sunder5, 2 story garage with storage, plus boot house The home is a most uni­ que 3 bedroom 2 both, central heot ond air. lovely big fomily room with fireplace eve-looking the wote' Price $59,5oo 
G r e in -C a m p B e ll 
R e a lty 
379-9521 
SA 658-5131 
17o J174, J7e Z27l.J7e.JfM 

2 bedroom s, 2 bath, air, *14o a month, 414 K in gs Court, gas ond water paid, yard 824-3453________ 
1 -B E D R O O M Townhouse, no chil- dren, no gets. *14o 824 *541.______ 

M O T E L . 1954 E. Houston St. 
Owner wilting to finance 
484-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
HIDDEN SPRINGS RANCH 
R e a g a n W ills R d. 

2? No of Uvalde, 7 W of Concon, 26 unbelievably beautiful acres. I acre on ever running Fria, lined with pecan, elm. cedar ond sycamore trees Also young cypress ond maple on river 
Small orchard started. 
Remaining 75 acres with creek in center, lined with century old live ooks. Spanish ooks, hackberry, wild persimmon, berries ond cedar love­ ly 14 x 6o mobile home with everything, on high bonk overlook­ ing nver plus hunters cabin This place abounds with deer, quad, squirrel, dove 4 Yrs. of herd work nos gone into this pioce Reduced to sell Could divide St2-241 1847 

A C R E A G E G A L O R E Near John 
C o n n o lly 's 
R a n c h 
2 3 o + 13o 
Owner carry M ake otter 

B A R G A IN R o o s e v e lt C o rn e r, shop, office, home, good for sm all business, owner retiring. 533-o754. 
Professional 23oo ft. new building at C o lo n ie s N o rth S h o p p in g 
Center. Aval. late sum m er. T e r­ rific exposure. Call R u ss Stevens 
499-1133.__________________________ 

Close Loop 41o. E le g a n t living, modest price. I and 2 bedrooms, bills Pd. Furn-U n iurn 341-8372 

497 1421 R E A L T O R S 1 +438 /44? 

Z O N E D B l, h o d Blanco Rd 
455 21o3 or 342-7o93 
Coral Sands, 1515 W Contour, 2-1 turn townhouse, *14o. W ater paid. 
824-7913._______________ 
_____ 
Lot for sale, by owner, 3 acres back of Cadillac D r , hill country woods and privacy, blocks from 
Churchill HO,OOO 492 1245. 

S M A L L O F F IC E , 14o sq. ft. ap­ proxim ately tor lease. See a1 42o 
J A C K S O N K E L L E R (at San P e­ dro) Ideal for attorney, accoun­ tant, etc. Heat ond air. Only *85. 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R 344-2341 

114 C A M D E N ST. 
Old home on 45 x 142 ft. lot. Zoned com m ercial Others in area 
H S R E A L T Y , 824-7417 
Scotty Cloud/, 344-5433 

423 Donaldson, I bedroom , turn, carpet, central air, no children, pets. *15o. 73+3185.______________ 

IO Acres, electricity on property, fenced, lots of trees Good build mg site Roberta White, 533-7143. 
333 8743 
B O B JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 

LA V E R N IA 
3 Miles 
IO ocres in LaV ernia School Dis frict, elec, rood. Lots of trees 
*1,o5o p e r 
Ac., 
Low dow n povm en t O w ner F in a n c in g or 
T e x a s Vet 
F r o n k C h ild re s s . 
453 7327 Res or 454 2475 Ole 

15o acres with 2,ooo ft. of Canyon 
Lake access. Picturesque views, landing strlo, large Ook trees is just p a rt of th is v e r y u n iq u e property. P ric e d below m arket value with terms. L a rry Mocune, 
G A L E R E A L E S T A T E , 494-5239. or 344-5741, n i f e s . ____________ 

D u p le x e s a n d a p a rtm e n ts for rent, *8o to *125. 481-2592_________ 
C O R N E R home on com er. Ideal conversion to business, shop Good exposure. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
E X C E L L E N T N O R T H C E N ­ 
T R A L L O C A T IO N : for offices or retail space. 3ooo sq.ft. bv owner. 
Coll Rick Brenner. 824-o484. 

GUADALUPE 
RIVER TRACTS 

Only a few left. 

W id e river - white w ater near Bergbeim. Between I and 
2 a c re s from 
S I 5,ooo 
5 % down. 12 y e a tslo pay al 8 % simple interest ABR 8 % 
MBG REAL 
ESTATE 
733-13o9 or 497-3584 

125o sq.ft. office space on San 
Pedro near Hollywood Park. *435 mo. 14272 Son Pedro. 494-5213 
13o E C ra ig . L a r g e efficiency 
Water-gas pd. *1oo. 822-9511 
E d e n R o c A p a r tm e n ts , 2 b e ­ droom, I bath, bills pd., furnished or unfurnished, cent, air, pool, no ch ild re n or pets. 119 J a c k so n 
Keller 828-4411.________ _______ 

Sub Lease, 54o Sq Ft on W urzboch between IH IO and F re d e rick so n , 
492-9523.__________________________ 
Alm ost An A cre *9oo with only 
*1oo down, *34 18 per month for 24 months at 8% A P R L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 342 1461_________ 

COUNTRIFIED SECLUSION fti wily IS mix. Irmo San Antonio ar 
IM (rnila! tioat motors of Canyon 
UM. 4 tMuhtvl MUI Country Irotts itoMHioif. loafing from ZI lo 38 
Oleos frets tram $16oo for otto. fora* roods, roslrirtioos and nm nor liaoiKinf. 

C O M A L C O U N T Y 
Hit) C o u n t r y R a n c h 
VIJ Ook studded orris, JJ mi. norsk of 
Son Antonio atar Canyon UM Spring ltd link, amt A. (ton, tad (ba lid al natl radar Moody I (nib to linty rood 
I eon togo. fdcod *15o for otto. 
FLYING R REALTY totaled I mi. milk iatorttdion, 
NWY. ZI! ond 44 
1 - 4 3 8 - 7 4 2 9 
E v e s . 1 - 8 9 9 - 2 7 9 3 

118 acres of pure scenic beauty. 
Large flowing creek, 2 bass filled la k e s. 2 w a te r w e lls, h e a v ily w ooded. L o c a te d 45 m in u te s north. Owner will finance. Inquire now L a rry M ocune, G A L E R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
494-5239 or 
344-5741 nttes. ________ 

M E D IN A 
L A K E 
- 
P E B B L E 
B E A C H 
Waterfront home ond guest house on 3 lots 
68+4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

•713 E. E U C L ID * 
Garage apt, near town, 2 buses 
4o acres, exquisite view, large oaks, beautiful building site on paved L a u rie M a ch e il. oft B u l­ verde ond Sm ithson Valley Rds. 
Days 224-5121, eves 342-o469______ 

43oo sq.ft. o ffic e -w a re h o u se , fronting 2 m aior streets, excellent 
Lor contractor. Loren D rum Co. 
82+2115. ___________ 

M e d in a L o ke A re a i i acre s n ice m o d e rn hom e a n a im pavem ents 
534.6oo. terms 
481-1oo9 ________________________ 

BEAUTIFUL LAKESIDE 
HOMESITE TREES $62oo 
Efficiences, air, bus, shops 53o wk. $125 mo. us Bills od. Section 
8 53+34o), 434-9445. ____________ 
COUNTRIFIED SECLUSION 
Tm amhf It atm Ittm tm Am it 
M E D IN A L A K E 
4ox13o rf lot, only *1,2oo 
828-o445 
734-1744 
53+4439 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
M E D I N A 
R I V E R F R O N T ' 
A C R E A G E W IT H 
B E A U T IF U L 
O A K S 
48+4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y ____ 

H A V E C A SH B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s, a p ts n e e d in g repairs. John B. Ecceli, Broker 
4o3 Gunter Bldg 224-7o31 824-8o23 

E ffic ie n cy , in h isto ric a l a re a clo se to T r in it y U n iv e r s it y 
532-5281, att 4-weekends 73+2994 
NICE MOBILE HOMESITE 
SEPARATE AREA $12oo 
Freilei'tcksbttpg Road 
Across train USM 

M O D E R N H O M E with ISO acres 
C oastal g ra ss, cultivated field, large tank. Financing available 
SO A C R E S , a ll in p e rm a n e n t g r a ss , good w a fe r w ell, good w o rk in g pens, w ell fenced, on blacktop Owner financed 
18 A C R E S , all in co a sta l, new fences, nice tank 3 bedroom , 2 
Oath, centro! air-heaf, 2-tor g a r­ age. on blacktop 

UM 4 AmtrbN: KH (tunny turn 
(tmuttmg ltug,tg hum J! to 54 tent Amu bum SIAM ut u t 
Near UTSA, Medical Center, etc., fine homesite with water. *55oo 
T re e s, lo r g e lu x u r y cu sto m homes oil around you A bargain. 
H B C 
Real 
Estate. 
342 146) or 
679 /15o 
________________ 

8o1 Eleanor, clean, I bdrm . apt. gas-water pd. *11o. 344-44o8 
WONDERFUL VIEW LOT 
Vi ACRE TREES $16oo 
125 U N IT M O T E L 
Located in N E San Antonio, large leased club, pool, 2 bedroom re­ sid e n c e . 
4 a c r e s of la n d . 
*1,1oo,ooo. Trade large equity for lond or other p roperty. See or write Rusty Russeil, 2118 Rigsby 
Ave., 
Son Antonio, 
Tx. 
7821o. 
333-5843.__________________________ 

5 Acres, with Fred ericksb urg Rd frontage, zoned R-3 and B-3. R e a ­ sonably priced. Contact Carl Bhn 
341-9191 

F o r couple or w o rk in g ladies, neor Hem isfair, 227-4748 
____ totmstbg 

C O M A L C O U N T Y 
H ill C o u n t r y R a n c h 
445 Out ( IH M tm i ll ms «n+ ti tun Mtoiut uuti Can yin UM Spr'**! t4 took. trntk. 4ttr tn4 HW tod ti mas? ctUt - bm,11 I *,to (tenty 'md 
I rut toff tm 4 SISO put mn 

FLYING R REALTY 
I PUI Httflfc 
HWY JU ( H a 
1 - 4 3 8 - 7 4 2 9 
Iv e * . 1 - 8 9 9 - 2 7 9 3 

O W N E R S E L L IN G 4 44 Acres 
In Medina River Ranch 
I Block from river, reasonable 
CPII 92+4231 
333-4899____________ 

ALL OW NER FINANCED 
7 % INTEREST 
N E W B R A U N F E L S A R E A 
New 3 and 4 Bed room s, 2 both homes on 1'« and 2' i ocre sites. 
Fireplaces, carpet, central air 
538,5oo to *39,75o See ot G A R 
D E N O A KS, 3 mi. out McQueeney 
Hwy. from IH-35 to 12o4 and 14o2 
Fe rry Boof 
S W IN N E Y , 492 1o72 or 458-o29o 

R E S O R T P R O P E R T Y . Id lots plus a cabin. A good spot to get away for the weekend. Lake Hills 
W ater, e le c tricity and butane. 
Priced tor quick sale at *12,ooo. 
454-4555. 

RALPH PIGOTT 

REAL ESTATE 

7 DAYS PH. 341-2433 

 r 
W ATERW OOD 
^ 
ESTATES 
Beautiful lorge country lot locat­ ed |ust Ti min north of Loop 41o on Hwy 281 (where Guadalupe crosses 281). Reasonably priced of 
$2,3oo per ocre ond up for waterfront lots Terms available. 
NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 
J 

G O CO F R O N T A G E 
I.i* acres at r r with 188' N acog­ doches. Com m ercial zoning 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 82o-2521 
G O O D O P P O R T U N IT Y H a rd - ware ond lum ber in M edina Loke area. Owner will finance. 
48+4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

?54- KAL ESTATE WARTH) 
K a m e s city. Texas 
1-78o-24oo_________________78o-2397 
N E A R PO T H 
15o acres plus good house, coastal and pasture, public water, 2 stock ponds A steal at *55o per acre 
622-3343 

Furn. B a c h e lo r Apt. Heot, air, ca rp e t- pool. *12o. B ills Pd 
82+7814 or 828-9o9o oft 6 P M 
$98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apt 
Air, 2 B lk* Kelly. Call Any D ay Or 
Night. 7 a.m. - IO p.m. 922-o434. 
*133 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, 
Air, Call A ny D a y or Eves. 7:3o 
A M. 9 P.M. 333-1851.____________ 
Century 21 
W A Y N E F O G U S R E A L T Y 
WE HAVE SEVERAL FARKUS, 
RANCHES, AND SMALL 
ACREAGES ranging from less fhon 5 acres to in excess of 
2o,ooo Acres. 
A 736 Acres near Pearson 
A SO Acres, just south of Blanco 
A 
11,ooo Acres neor Sanderson 
A 
683 Acres S.W of o Horns 
A 
7oo Acres Medino County 
A 
16o Acres 6 Miles East of S.A. 
A 
5 Acres of St. Hedwig 
2 2 7 - 1 3 3 3 

Ju st openod 2 to 5 ocre tracts 
Rolling Ooks Estates, convenient 
U T SA -L A F B Pre-developm ent p rices from *3,ooo ac. Low dn. 
W ooded re stric te d hom esifes. 
Electricity, paved streets, no city foxes. 673-7827, 684 7395, 432-o32o 

L A R G E C O R N E R , superb loco lion inside Loop 41o, Highw ay 16 
NW, business potential. 82+45o7 

W A Y N E F O G U S 
R O C K P O R T , 2o a c re s, 88o ft fron tage on p a ve d h ig h w ay , I mile outside city limits, utilities, m ineral righ ts intact, excellent for trailer park or cam pground. 
$4o,ooo firm (512) 82+>Q9t. 

5 ACRE TRACTS AT 
C A N Y O N LAKE 

Just nght for Don t Fence Me In folks! Loke facilities, boat romps, stores and schools nearby. 
Panoramic views, many forge Ook trees. Selling 3o% below market voine 
Terms to suit. For op pointmen! please coll 

497-3571 

 or 1-899-2181 Collect 

New Braunfels Hoines-Acreage 
Scheei 8, Assoc. Realty 
395 Locidn, New Braunfels 
625-8o78 or S A. 65+1*77 

3519 Groat Ave. off Blanco Rd. 2 bdrm , carpeted, central air, no children, no pets, bills paid. 
732-3211._________________________ acres of wooded land within 3o miles Norlh of 
San Antonio. 

Reply to 

Express Box No. 16o4 

Texas VET Specials 

I Tracts of mb dark soil, oil in prime coastal bermuda gross, both with frontage on beautiful, clear, ever flowing 
Geronimo 
Creek. Mony lovely trees, in­ cluding pecon $15,ooo each 

Grein Campbell Realty 

379-9521 
SA 658-5131 

379-3274, 379-2271, J79-24J4 

Oak Village M I ) 84.5oo 
)' i acres, water, 17 mr. north 41o 
828-o665 
736 1766 
73+4117 
W A TSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
ON F M 1834 
Near ocre, corner O akridge Or 
Owner financed 878-2316 

O IL 
A N O 
G A S 
P R O D U C IN G 
A R E A 
11,ooo acres, western V al Verde 
Co. All minerals. *8o an acre. 25% down. Write or see Rusty Russeil. 
2118 R igsov Ave, San Antonio, Tx. 
7821o. 333-5663____________________ 

SP IC E W O O D B E A C H - Overlook m g L ake T ravis. 75x11o ft. lot. 
Nice 14x6o mobile home. Private beach facilities, security patrol, ideal for retirement or vocation. 
For further information, coll Pur- dom, 513-693-46o2________________ 

14.65 A cre s fronting 4oo ft. only 
Looa adjoining 
M eadow 
O aks sub-division. 
14.94 A c re s fro n tin g 4oo ft. on 
L oop 16o4 N.E. adjoining tract above. 
Coll 
E, 
D. 
Goza, 
824-5418 or 
227-81o5 

A P P R O X 
2 m ile s so u th of 
F M 1 5 I8 on Old Pleasanton Rd. 
Extra nice 3 bedroom, double de­ tached garage, good well. On 2' r acres 923 4327, 424 1/77 
Ronald W illiam son 

S P A C IO U S R O O M S O N F A I R ­ 
W A Y S O F P E C A N V A L L E Y 
G O LF 
C O U R S E . 
Pool, 
Club included. 
1 B E D R O O M , F R O M *184. 
2 B E D R O O M , F R O M *224 
J B E D R O O M , F R O M *239. 

7oo' Sunrise Beach Loketront lot, 
*21,ooo Terms. 342-o739__________ 
U LU fS U U o L "7 o A C R E S 
2 wells, sandy land. “ To buy or sell, co ll:" 
22+8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 

W AN T 3 or 4 bedroom, 2 both, den hom e, n e a r Le e H ig h Schoo l. 
Large equity ok. Cash to owner 
732-8o18__________________ 
_____ 
DEA N E 
OWENS CO fclUTOtS— MIS hum 4 tank (Mc. 

8 beautiful acres vicinity of K e rr­ ville, live on a w o rkin g ranch. 
Horse back riding, pool, tennis, country club Zoned single family 
Electricity, telephone, coble TV 
G re a t tor retreat, p e rm a n e n t hom e or in v e stm e n t. *2o,ooo 
344-3o78, nifes 342-5131 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

5.s Acres Babcock Rd 
N ear UTSA, rock 3-3, air, carpet fireplace, pool decks, owner loan 
828 o465 
736 1746 
344 734o 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
B 5 A C R E S Close in 
*3oo down payment. *46.59 per mo. 
Beautiful views. Coll 734-7o69 

R E A L T O R * 2 2 7 - 8 1 o 5 
345o E. S O U T H C R O S S 
333-9o2o________ 
W A N T 3 or 4 bedroom, 2 bath, den hom e n e o r L e e H ig h S ch o o l. 
Lorge equity OK. Cosh to owner. 
732-oo18___________________________ 

Real Estate 
M A IN A V E N U E 
C h o ic e lo c a tio n on c o rn e r. 2 buildings, zoned H. Ideal tor an ­ tique, in te rio r de sign business, etc 
A m p le p a r k in g . 824-5433 
J O N E S -K IN G 82+243o.__________ 

R E P O S • T oke over paym ents 
Their loss Is your qam 1972 prices. 
Adjacent to C anyon Loke Call 
M yron L. Maples, broker. 342 18o8 

O L D T IM E C O T T O N P L A N T A ­ 
T IO N the Son M a rco s R iver neor 
Luling. Owner financed. S83 Acres at *8oo. per ac. 
D E V A U L T A ASSO C. 349-2677 
Property M arketing-Exchange 

Large 2 bdrm . D E W E Y , adults 
*155. 732-7738, 732-1o82 
2oo 
A C R E S in 
B e x a r and 
Atascoso Counties. I mile east of 
U S 28) south. A ll oak covered land This tract is fenced and has water well, good public access. 
Owner financing available. 
L O M A V IS T A P R O P E R T IE S 
D IL L E Y , TX. 78o17 
492-222V 
699-6669 
D O U G L A S F R E E M A N 

Want to buy low equity in N E or 
S E home, would like an acre or more. 494-3751. 

C O M A L C O - 3oo A c re s, n e o r 
Canyon Lake, springs and water­ falls on creek, very rough and sc e n ic , p a v e d a c c e ss, s m a ll amount of Guadalupe er frontage, deer, tu rk e y , fish in g . 585o an acre. Term s. (713) 52+84o1, (713) 
461-8421.__________________________ 

• H IL L S ID E LO T 
B E A U T IF U L 
View *14oo E a sy Term s 
•Lorge Lot - Trees-Near Lake 
And boot rom p - E a sy Term s 
Copt. E. Jones 
_______ 923-6211_______ 

N E E D S P A C E TO E X P A N D ? 
Acreage off Probandt and IH1o 
Zoning to mget b u ye r’s needs 
Owner carry, 6oc per sq.tt 
73+1766 
82+o465 
333-1143 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
R A IL S P U R R 13.5 acre*, zoned 
1-2. *49oo. o2+4452. 
_______ 

Save g a s m iles N e a r town con­ venience. Efficiences, I and 2 be­ droom s available I Block M a in 
Bank, Lubvs, Exp way, Hospitals. 
22+8492. 
_____________ 

IS min NW from Loop 41o, close 
•o U T S A Beautiful trees, quiet and economical, on shore of lake. 
Jim Leer 684-3o44. 
_______ 

IS or 5o Acres. Ideo! retreat, 8 mi. 
E. Seguin, on pavement, neat ih 
IO. Pecan trees, elec. well, cam p house, ponds. 822-131o.___________ 
3 bed room , a ir, w a sh e r, n e a r 
Kelly, *115, 49+342o. 
I Acre, custom built 3-1' j-carport, large den, city water, 2 wells, fruit trees, fenced, low eauitv. Assum e 
*219 monthly Coll Irm o 

W AN T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n sa s P a s s or Port A ra n sa s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 Gordina 
732-1362 

25 A C R E S K E R R V IL L E . Rolling hills, h uge tim b er. Sce n ic wet weather creek, spring. 896-244o, 
257-7823, 894-1o18._________________ 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S. 
293) E. S O U T H C R O S S 
534-88oo 

A beautiful piece of property on 
M e d in o L o k e w a te rfro n t with home ond everything you could desire 
Call for appt 
684 4211, 
I 751-9943 
_________Pioneer Realty__________ 
Alamosa, Colorado. 5 acres in Mf 
Blanca Valley Estates. *31oo. or 
*11oo e q u ity a n d to k e o v e r paym ents *25 per mo. 648-175o atter 4pm_________________________ 

2 Bedroom trailer, furnished, air, 
3 acres, sm all lake, barns, shed, near 
Som erset 
Rd 
924-4o37, 
62+1611.____________ 
IO Acres in N Barcroft Estates 
Near Berghiem Fenced Owner carry Open terms. *18,ooo 

 ll acres with approxim ately 13oo 
It. frontage on IH1o east. Live oak, elm, 6 " waterline, flowing spring- could be made into crystal, clear lake. E v e s 658-2o31. 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A. 667-1)54, 647 1333 
Owner financed with sm all down povment, 392 acres com bination farm and ran ch n e o r Y oaku m , with excellent deer hunting, river b ottom land . 
S o m e im ­ provements. Only *45o per acre. 
W IL L IA M S R E A L T Y , Taft, Tex 
512-528-2o11 or 512-528-3oo9 

3o Scenic acres, SW of Seguin. 
M o stly open coastal b erm ud a-- seattered trees. Well fenced, good barn, pens, etc. Well, co op water line. Solid older 2 bedroom home 
With View Al! *57,5oo. 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379-59*7 
SE G U IN , T E X . 
SOI E. Kingsb ury P O . Box 1)22 

Van Buren & Assoc 
2o7 SA N P E D R O 
F o r Sale or Rent: B ric k bldg, 
5,ooo sq.ft. O w n e r a n x io u s to s e ll— m a k e o ffe r. 
O F . 
S A U N D E R S 
R E A L T Y 82+5878, 
822-oo11. _____ 

FO R R E N T : Neor Lackland: 25o2 
Observation 6o'X12', 2-bedrooms. 
*17o. m onth. B ills poid. $5o deposit. No pets 674-7518 tor appt 
Furn-unfurn. Mobile homes, lots, 
KeHy-Locklond 432-5o57 69+8526 
M O B IL E , large added room, fire­ p lace on a c re a g e , p a rtly f u r ­ nished if desired, adults only. Out 
281 North, 6 m iles oast 16o4. (I) 
43+7)o2__________________ 

L O V E L Y I bedroom , *135. Con venient Randolph, Ft. Sam , gas- water pit. Also efficiency. *97.5o. 
5.531 Randolph Blvd. 655-12*2. 

Located OM Upper Balcones Rd. in Skyview Acres. W ould m ake good w e e k e n d h id e -a w a y o r building site. M ile s of view for 
*1ooo per acre. 

 iGuodolupe River North, Close in, n ear B oerne Two acres, huge fre e s, all to p so il a n a g r o t s 
Robert Smith, Broker. 698-2o61, eve 494-6777 
_ _ 

Q uietly se clu d e d in W oodlaw n 
Hills. Build now or hold for in­ vestment. Term s available. *3,8oo lo *4ooo. Paved streets. All utili­ ties. Neor Schools and shopping. 
N ear B an d e ra R d and B e n ru s 
Or. For details call Louis Flores, 
732-2241.__________________________ 

17,ooo SQ.FT. 
M A N S IO N B L A N C A . B e au tifu l and la rge tow n houses, m odest price, bills pd, close to 
41o. 
341-8372. 
________________ 

O ffices and w a re h o u se on San 
Ped ro in H ollyw ood P a rk B a r ­ gain prico— owner financed. Call 
W B. Kieffer 341-9)91 

Beautiful lakeview lot. Use of vil­ lage, boat dock, club house and pool. A *4ooo value in a protected com m unity. R ed uced (or quick sole. 456-8248.____________________ 

Lo Vernia schools, 14 miles (rom 
4to £ on Hwy 87, 3 bedrooms, all electric home, central heal and air, beautiful view I acre 
Sontex Co. Realtors. 653-o46o 
D’Hanis Area 
B L A N C O R O A D 
Approx 7 ocres, elevation, tanks, creek, fence, 6 acres in fields, 576 ft. highway frontage. I mile from 
Canyon 
Creek 
Country 
Club, 
824 7311________ 

Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
B oerne 249-2o41 
S A 224-7171 
1o-2o-4o A c r e s .M e d in a County. 
Hill Country. On E dw ards Waler. 
Adjoining large ranch. Close in. 
O K for V e ts. 
O w n e A g e n t. 
826-788o, Anytime.________________ 

22* A cre Ranch. A H unter's P a ­ radise *495 per acre. Good term s 
M E T R O H O U SE -D O W N T O W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y - F U R N 
$12o. to *13.5. 213 4TH ST. 224-7333 
N E A R K E L L Y A N D L A C K L A N D 
I B E D R O O M , I BA TH , *1o5 
2 B E D R O O M , I B A T H , *125 *135 
*45 D E P O S IT , W A T E R F U R - 
________ N IS H E D 432-CS25 

B E A U T IF U L W aterfront Proper ;315 C restview , B a lc o n e s Hgts. tv 2 bdrm house, 2 bath, spacious, 
1oox2oo, *12,ooo 1-833-4953. new carpet, 125 ft. G u a d a lu p e 1 
........ waterfront, I mile from Seguin. 
Att ^w eekends (512) 379-7155. 
3 B e d ro o m B ric k , co m p le te ly carpeted, lovely yard, shaded by 
17 b eautiful trees o v e rlo o k in g 
Lake Belton. *35,ooo 424-2o78 

1.ooo A cre *. D e e r Hunter s P a ­ radise. Deer blinds, 3 dirt tanks, 
H u n t e r 's L o d g e 
A re a l C o w 
Ranch *39o per acre. Terms. 
Other South Texas Ranches Fro m 
1.ooo to 2o,ooo A c r e s . 
E J. 
" H a p p y " Sch aw e R eal Estate, 
Uvalde, Tx. 512-27+697o__________ 

2 'i acres - 521oo Repossession 
M a k e up 5 back p aym ents and take over balance. L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E , 342 166)________ 

N E W I Bedroom efficiences. Pool. 
538 Hotwells near M cC re le ss and 
Brooks. 533-o5)1.______________ 
5 A C R E S , 3 br energy saver 
3oo A C R E S outstanding 
5 A C R E S on lake 
13 A C R E S on creek 
E D W A R D 'S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
495-848o_________________1-535-4S96 

On Hildebrand with home to be converted for B -l' use. Priced to move af *33,5oo. Call now. 
824-2391 (Anytime) 

N E A R L A C K L A N D , K E L L Y 
SC H O O LS: Large 2 bmdr. Mobile 
Hom e. F u rn ., a ir, frees, nice town. C yclone fence, 5ox3o lot. 
*125 mo., SSO se cu rity deposit. 
Available immediately. 473-3|)o2 
South of Brooks A.P.B. Clean air co n d itio n e d I b e d ro o m , turn. 
Adults. $125. 82+8766 

18o A C R E S 
I Mile west of Lake Medina, 12 Mi. south of B a n d e ra with road ac­ cess to Lake M edina. Excellent hunting area *45o acre Flexible terms, owner financed. 
Nifes, 
512-387-738* 

4 residential lots in G re e n w ay su b d ivisio n P a v e d streets, un derground utilities, city water and sewerage Buy one or all. Located lust outside city lim its, thus no city tax e s. F o r v ie w in g , call 
342-4115 A N Y T IM E 

IO 9 unim proved acres, 95' fron­ tage on IH-IO. Site lust south of 
Hwy. 46 intersection Residential or com m ercial location. *5.5oo per acre with owner financing. Trade, otters considered. *94-2634 ______ 

Pipe C reek P rop e rty, beautiful hill country with trees ond creeks with adjacent tracts of 4o, 6o, and 
55 ocres, access to Route 46 
*51-6485_______________ 

M O T E L e fficiency ap a rtm e n ts o n d ro o m s- B y d a y , w eek or m onth. 
o12-9112, 
P E 4 -4 7 4 7 , 
LE2-o152, CA7-47o2, N e o r Ft. 
Sam. TA2-1377.___________________ 
Near E. Kelly, 2 bedroom trailer, 
*13o. water pd. 53+8391.__________ 

B U Y T H IS S P E E D B O A T ! 
And, with it vou ll get a dock. . 8o' of waterfront on M E D IN A L A K E and a com fortable resort home! 
C om p letely fu rn ish e d (even a 
TV)... with o huge kitchen, huge bath and h uge living- sleeping area with a cozy Franklin stove) 
Long porch overlooks Ihe lake! 
*3o,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
49+7771 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 

Boerne, 16 acres, excellent for horses, motor highway frontage, close-in. owner 494-3332.______ 

R E A L T O R S Auitin Hwy Cle 
Pleasanton, IO-SO ac utii, sam e, bees, low dn paym t 2o Y r owner financing, 1-569-3382 853-4*o4 ____ 

57 Ac, big trees, owner carry 
828-o465 
73+1766 
734-4117 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your land from the natives 
P IP E C R E E K . T X 695-848o 

13+ acres. Water line, electricity, cleared , pavem ent, ow n e r fin ­ anced. E ve s 658-2o31. 
Food Locators oi Texas 
S A 447-1154, 467-1333 
- R A N C H L A N O S — 
' 
Land For All Purposes 
NO. 7 Flintslone, 78213 
34+9936 

Z O N E D J - 2lots , 5o x IOO en en 
No. Alamo. 82+4512, nifes 337-84/8 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y _______ 
12X48 2 bdrm, clean, fenced, N E near Loop 41o. $14o mo. 456 i8i8. 
N ear Ft. Som , 2 b d rm apt, 345 
Claremont, 
*1o3, wafer pd. 
4 3 5 - 7 8 7 3 . ________________ 
7,34o A C R E S . *11o. ') m inerals, excellent financing, T e xas Pan h an d le . D o n G. C o c k r e ll Co 
Memphis, Tx (8o4) 259-2931. 

P L E A S A N T O N - Big 3 2-den, huge tiereplace O nly 3 y rs old. On 5 tree studded ocres Roads om ) sid e s, fenced , c ro ss-fe n c e d 
349-45o3. 494-2o4o 

Paved, utiiities+well, pecans 
828-o445 
73+1744 
734-4117 
W A TSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
H IL L C O U N T R Y V IL L A G E 
Residential home lot, 2 acres Call 
49+5571 
N IT E S 454-4189 

 ll A C R E S with approx. 2oo ti. 
Balcones Creek frontage, large o a k s and good b u ild in g site s 
*3,25o per acre 

3 2 A C R E building site with Sis- terdaie Rd. frontage. *3,5oo per cere 

Near Ft. Sam , large I bedroom opt, *115 m o. 4oo E. C a rso n , 
681-1o19, 227-o119. 
________ 
A D U L T S , O F F B R O A D W A Y 
Redecorated 2 bedroom apl. 17o pius app. $25 utilities. 828-1122 
N E A R F t. S A M 
N ice I b e d ro o m fu rn apt. A ir, adults, water pd. stop. 824-8369. 
N E A R K E L L Y A N D L A C K L A N D 
I B E D R O O M E F F IC IE N C Y 
B IL L S PD. $4o D E P O S IT 
*135 MO. O R *35 W E E K . 432-o525 

A R O U N D TO W N 
W A R E H O U S E S 
Sizes fro m 6oo to 1o,ooo sa. ft 
Jack Alter 342-4)51.______________ 

A Specialty 
M ore Than Half Century Service 
W est Tx. ra n c h land In pretty v o lle y n e a r tow n. N o dow n, 
Owner. 824-88o7.__________ 
Martha Worley Realtors 
Century 21 
R o n c h e lte . 8.7 ac, 2457 sa ft m odern ranch house 3 yrs new, 
B u lv e rd e area, 3-2'j»ile, pool 
*78,ooo 34 2 o 8 o 2, I BBS 4839 
Residential Let with water, trees and a view for miles. Only m in­ utes aw ay from downtown S A. 
M c Le rran Real Estate 
651-644o__________________ 675 o525 

S M. G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
242 M A IN 
B O E R N E , T E X A S 
249-2678, 249-3545. 249 3544 

B y O w ner, Ft. C la r k S p r in g s membership. 822-364)____________ 
12 7 A C R E S near Blanco, *8995, eosy terms by owner. 534-8874 
5o Acres near IH IO East Home, born, p ub lic w ater, b lack top road *62,5oo. 924-5174, 923-423*. 
G E O R G E S M IT H R E A L T Y 

Opportunity to acquire one of fin­ est dairy farm s in Mexico. Over 
2oo W is c o n s in p u rc h a s e d H o l­ steins of first and second w ean­ ing. Land valued ol over *1oo,ooo plus valuable leases and m achin­ ery worth over SSO,OOO on shore of 
M exico’* largest lakes. Near per­ fect clim ate for living or raising cattle. Twenty miles from second la rg e st city and g r o s s in g over 
52oo,ooo annually. Low feed and labor costs with dem and pushing production. $485,ooo.oo firm. For fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n o r audited accounts coll W illiam E. Owen, 
Port Isabel, Texas 512-943-5954. 

B U S I N E S S 
P L A C E S 
F O R 
L E A S E - 5oo to 1,ooo sq.ft. W. 
H ild e b ra n d , B a s s e R o a d and 
Vance 
Jackson 
Rd. 
735-o961, 
69+7777.__________________________ 

B R IC K 3-2, completely redecorat­ ed on 2 larqe tree covered lots, ail fenced $38,5oo 

R e a lt o r s 
STo8 B r o a d w a y 
824-45o7 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
6 Locations convenient to Dow n­ town, M c C re le ss, B ro o k s A F B 
Efficien cies, I and 2 Bedroom 
From *125 mo. 533-948o, 533-o511, 
533-13oo 
____________ 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B IL E LOT 
1o,ooo sa ft. fantastic view. Tool, boat ram p neor bv. $14oo, *1oo down, 78 mo at *21 43 A P R 8%. 
M E L M IL L E R 
226-2324 

L a rg e tot and '> oft T h o u san d 
Ooks O r *12,5oo. F IR M 342-45o8 
2 N IC E L A R G E R O O M S, private bath and entrance. F ro n t and downstairs, parking. A cross from 
Y M C A a n d H a n d y A n d y . *2 5 week. 2o7 Lexington 226-684o. 
NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Neor Ft. Sam and downtown. Ef- fic. Apts. Bills Poid, *89 per mo. 
227 47o2. 1954 E. Houston. 

F R E D E R IC K S B U R G 56 A cres, on both sides Pedernales River. 
IOO year old rock, log and fram e house, well, barns. *9o.ooo. (713) 
526-84o1, (713 ) 461-8421.__________ 
F R O N T I E R R A N C H : 25 a c re tracts. Excellent hunting. Roiling terrain. E a sy reach of San A n ­ tonio. SISO per acre. Sm all down p a ym e n t. M o n th ly p a y m e n ts. 
Owner financed, 8 'i % interest. 
512-882-5oo1 
____________________ 

% A C R E outside city limits with brick 3-2-2, convenient to (HIO 
*49,8oo. 

L A R G E 
T R A IL E R 
LOT 
R E D U C E D 
• i ocre, hove others 
73+1766 
82+o665 
33+1163 
W ATSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S __ 
/OO T E R R E L R O A D 
Beautiful high sloping lot, covered with trees, 145' frontage in most d e s ira b le r e s id e n t ia l a re a 
82+3233, 822 5973, 82+5973 
M A Z IE S A L E H ILL , R E A L T O R 

18oo ft. carpeted offices, sm all warehouse, 
15o 
W. 
Rhopsodv. 
349-4241.__________________________ 
7o acres on 87 East. 2 bedroom, I bath, cli utilities. 2 wells coastal with many oaks. Cai! 
924-4288TOM GARRISON534-2679 

Alam o Hgts. efficiency, quiet, 611 
Ogden Lone, *14o mo. 735-5361. 
M O D E R N RO C K +2 2 with 19x2o gam eroom and 4x12 darkroom . 
All located on 3 ook coveredacres 
$59,9oo 

4 Canyon Lake Lots. *36oo total equity, Or trade for anything of equal value. Will sell one or ail. 
(817)26+3875 ____________________ 

A L L B IL L S P A ID . Furnished 2-2 oat., separate living, dining and kitchen. 12o1 W. Woodlawn. *199. 
C E N T U R Y 21 R oy Teal Realtors 
341-2222 Anytime._________________ 

A real nice garaqe apt. Privacy. 
Air. Water ad. *115. 732-3872. 

14o A C R E S 
*139.5o per acre, 2oyr. financing at 
7J* % simple interest. By owner 
__________ Coll 73+7o69___________ 

In I package, ll, on SW W. W. 
White Rd. 2,ooo sa. ft. in 2 story house. 
Sontex Co. Realtors._______ 

C anyon Lake acre neor waler. 
565oo value for *45oo. 655-4962 
R A N C H S T Y L E rock 4 2-2 With 
34x17 living area on 4 4 oak stud ded acres, ail fenced. $85,ooo. 

NS. Sm all turn. I bdrm air condi­ tioned apt. Single or couple. *1o5 
Mo. 82+8746._____________________ on Wright Carpenter Rd oft 28IS. 
Older 2-itorv 4-1-2 with fireplace. 
On ISO acres. A lso a v a il 56 63 acres across road Owner carry. 
Open terms. Call Vera 

C a n y o n L a k e , la r g e c le a re d mootle home tract with all utilities on property, all easem ents paid 
Coll 822-934o for details__________ 

G O N Z A L E S C O U N T Y 
494 Acre working ranch. Fine na­ tive and im proved pastures. Lots of creek with live oak and pecan 
Am ole water. Good access. *55o per acre. 
45 Acres. Wooded, highw ay fron­ tage *55o aer acre 
35 Acres, Guadalupe River. 
H O L M E S R E A L T Y 
D raw er 2o, Gonzales, Tx 78629 
1-512-672-4)15, 672-3o23 

464 A C R E S : Scenic ranch, excel­ lent grass and hunting. Will sell alt or 1 
Ri o Medino area. 534-4711 

W A T E R F R O N T , 
B O E R N E ' 
G uad alupe R iv e r North. 3 lots with trees. 824 o)21 A N Y T IM E 

L O C A T IO N F O R A U T O P A R T S 
127 Frdsbg. at 5 Paints for rent, 
*25o a mo. 732-37o3._____________ 
S.A. R iver frontage in Wilson Co. 
Good pecan bottom of rich loam soil *2oo. acre, near Floresville. 
*8oo per acre 
D E V A U L T A ASSO C. 349-2677 
Property M odketing-Excharigc 

Scenic Valleys, Oaks, Uvalde Tx. 
2o Acres, Price only *12,995, *4oo down. Owner financed. 1 278-76oo. 

3.4 A C R E S South B exar Count' 
L o v e ly b ric k hom e, o r c h a r greenhouse, fenced. 
Sam Compoell B R O K E R 4 S 6 7C 
24 A C R E S- 2 stock tanks, south 
Seguin, By Owner-wili finont 
461-3852________________________ 
25 Acres Terlingua Ranch, nee 
Alpine, Tx. *28oo 82+3562 
IO ACRES-W est of 14o4. Excelle soii. IS yr. ow ner finance. Cc 
349-26)1, eve. 341-185S___________ 

C A N Y O N L A K E H IL L S , 2 beau­ tiful la k e v ie w lots. B y O w n e r 
344-2284 or 732-5758______________ 
N A C O G D O C H E S 
IND. 
P A R K 
1o927 IO T A 
Now leasing, office-66o sa ft, Ona warehouse-3148 sa ft, *58o aer mo 
Coil 653-6211 from 8 to 5, M on thru 
Frl. 
______________ 

B U L V E R D E E S T A T E S - 2 trocts, 
4 8o acres, 
*35oo per acre, 
49+5)83________ 
Van Buren & Assoc 

B Y O W N E R . I i a c re s in H ill 
Country, access to river, $12oo equity, *56 mo or will trade equity for pickup or boot 734-2174_______ 
B y O w ner 
Be au tifu l I 'j acre wooded homesite, 1$ minutes NW of Sa n A n to n io in W in d w o o d 
Estates, *11,ooo Coll 924-213o. 

R E A LT O R S-5 o Y e a rs »t T R U ST 

Southside of lake, owner financed 
Trees ond view, 5 acres or more 
I m 7984, 824-842). 
Beautiful 54.25 Acres Low taxes 
All utilities avail. 
Office and or Show room Space with W a re h o u se , fro n ta g e on 
M ain Street, fenced and covered y a rd area, com petitive rental, 
Coll 341-72*5. 
___________________ 

Investors' M y tax shield can by yours at a bargain price. Leaving state- must sell, 3-2 m odular home with pretty lot In desirable rental location, near W indsor P ark Mall. 
Approx 14oo sq ft *15,5oo firm. 
You finance 453 7469_____________ 

G O N Z A L E S C O U N T Y 459 Ac 
E S E of Seguin, exc. hunting. *55o ac. 
1o8 Ae., isolated SW of Sm iley surrounded bv large ranch, Exc. hunting, *45o ac. 
K IN N E Y C O U N T Y -5 o o o Ac., 4 tanks, 3o acre lake, hom e, big deer, *295 Ac. 
W E B B C O U N T Y 12,ooo Ac., 8 well*, tanks, *27$ Ac. 
M A V E R IC K C O U N T Y 1o,ooo Ac., 
NW of Quemado, *25o Ac 
S M IL E Y R E A L T Y 
________ <512)587-2)81________ 
H K A C R E S : Hill Country 
Toke ua paym ents! $92.98 mo pm cs 
Unusual opportunity 
Owner financed 
__________ Call 73+o3o)___________ 

Van Buran & Assoc 
C A N Y O N L A K E F U R N H O U SE, new ly d e c o ra te d , re d u c e d to 
$2o,5oo 1-935-2116 
_____ 
8.1 acres with sm all lake. Located just off of Scenic Loop Rd. M an y oak trees. *25,ooo total price. 
B y owner. +2-1 brick, m any frees, pecans, etc. Lot p o fe ssio n a lly landscaped 
Floresville, 
1-393-3191___________ 

* f l O C H Il< n c n i n n r n c a n y o n l a k e beautiful I ocre 
1o SECLUDED ACRES r1o,1£ r?^^V o, F,r‘' ,,me oHer8U 
Just 14 rn! south Of 41 OS 4 be 
*» 3-899-2*8o.______________________ droom, 3 bath, den with fireplace 
C O N ST A N T L E V E L L A K E 
27oo sq. ft. Central heat and air, 
Waters edge, trees, grass, fishing carpeted, swim m ing, fishing and 
658-34oo W atson A Son 1-379-1521 hunting J E R R Y B A C O N R E A L ------------------------------------------------- 
» jmm 
FT. CLAM SPRINGS 
QCpl lin e n IC Q I H D E ? b * CO o w n e rs of 26oo beautiful 
ULuLUuLU 1o“ ftbnto acres A Texos-size resort with all in northeast Bexar County Beau- the trimmings. We hove member- tiful L ive Oak trees, hills, and ships startin g as low as *285o. deer. Will sell or divide. Owner 
This is far below the current on finoncinq 824-8421, 826-8936 site p ric e 
F o r d e ta ils, ca ll 
Sm all a cre a ge tow ard Boerne. 
342-4115 A N Y T IM E 
*1ooo down. 226-8482. u j n n in UrtnC DC I I TV 

12o Acres with approx. 3,ooo ti frontage on M edina R iver IO Mi. south of 41o. Term s. 924-8116 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
11o A C R E S w ith n ic e hom e, barns, gordens, orchard, 2 stock tanks, 2 creeks, sm okehouse end 
It ocre field *125,ooo Term s. 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 
22+7)71._____________ 

Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o41 
S.A. 224-7)7) 
Norfhside, 2 mi. north Loop 41o, oft San Pedro, neor airport. Units with 1188; 1257; 1348 sa. ft. 
Astro Investm ents Co. 
344-8388 
A B U N D A N C E of mule deer in the hills of a 64o4 acre ranch near Big 
Bend Pk. in west Texas House, 2 wells. Ea sy term s and *6o. per ac. 
D E V A U L T & A SSO C 349-2677 
Property M crketm q-Exchonge 

Restored pioneer historical home, j built in 187o, nostalgic and lovely i 
*69,9oo 
684-4747B. Zoiler, Reoltor68) 1492 
Chino Grove area, 1— 6 ocres 
648 333oLG R IP P S R L T Y 648 o448 

Retail store space— A n y size, in locations throughout city. Call Mr. 
Curtis, 349-2795___________________ 

R E A L E S T A T E , T h e r e a re num erous ranches of 44o acres or larger in L A S A L L E A N D W E B B 
C O U N T Y that we think are good investm ents. F o r specific infor­ mation, call or wrife 
L E E R. P E T E R S 
1-879-2759 
P O B O X 543, Cotulla, Tx. 78o14 

A R T S A N D C R A F T S M A R K E T is looking for m ore exciting shoos for the new rive r level, such os antiques, pottery studio, new s stand, wine and cheese, and other types of unusual shops, lf you are interested in leasing space, call 
227-9596. 

Wooded building site located V i miles west of IH IO of end of ea­ sement rood See Boerne from the top of your own hill. *1,65o per acre. 

Coastal, 84o ac brush. HO acres 
$5oo ac Tanks, 5o mi. of SA 
82+o665 
736 1766 
475-o629 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
7o A C R E F A R M N E A R N E W 
B R A U N F E L S . O w ner financed 
177 ocre form near Devine *4oo per ocre, 29*. down 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

(O U T S T A N D IN G ) 
15 5 Acres, remodeled 2 bedroom home, (luge tout shed, 2 producing oil wells, fenced ond cross fenced, 
2 stock tanks, ru n n in g creek 
M uch more! Close to S A. $65,ooo 
494 3541 
D A L E R IL E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

SO U T H 
I ’ i A cres or more, all utilities, terms. 626-1544 
1o9 Ft on Cunyon Loke 
Beautiful home site, water, elec­ tricity *89oo 
H S R E A L T Y 
824 7417 
Ann Vvrner 
732-3644 

W est Tx. ra n ch land in pretty valley, near town. No dn. *39 mo 
Owner, 82+88o7.__________________ 
Go for m ountain tops? Then if s 
H IG H T IM E for you to see this beautiful new rock 2 bedroom, 2 bath hom e. S e e m in g ly O IL 
P A IN T IN G S are in every window, but i f s the R E A L T H IN G ! A L ­ 
P IN E 
B E A U T Y 
F O R 
A C R O P H IL E S . C om e see this 
C LO U D 
C R O F T of the 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 

Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 2 
S U P E R R E T A IL 
L O C A T IO N 
L o ts of P e o p le , 1o5o sq u . ft. ovailob ie now at SW co rn e r of 
Jackson-Keller and Blanco. Call 
653-8811________________ 

44 acres, will sub divide IO acres or more. Smalt 2 bedroom home, 
IO acres coastal, 4o fruit trees, 19 
Pecan trees, abundance of water. 
3 barns, 29% down. Ow ner fin­ anced. 
*1o1,2oo. 494-771), mtes 
49+2116. 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

W 
, 
/ > / A \ 9 J 
E g, l \ \ V A \ \ \ \ \ r n / '/ \ v I V \ \ v \ 
W a v / A I t a V C j v \V A /A v A U i C ' S 
I w / v / V s j J ? 

I / / O '/ 
V 
F l 
I A V / y\' VU] 
I / a v s > / / r y i 
I AV 
/ * V l\ 1 

I v V / r V / \ ' W 
I //* 
' /AV/ 
I AN v W A N v , 
(/, 
// .V / A V / Y 
A AV A V A ' I 

 s V 
V / A / z A N , 
" 
/ A / A V / W A ' 
W A V A V A V A 

TEXAS VET TRACTS 
Bexar and Guadalupe County, lf you h a ve y o u r p a c k a g e fro m 
T.V.L.B., d on ’t wait, coll us for choice tracts. E ve s 658-2o31. 
C O U N T R Y IH IO NW 
Beautiful trees, large mobile on ; acre, fenced, garage, workshop, p a tio s, b u ilt-in d o u b le oven, dishw asher, disposal, sh ag car pet, excellent condition, germ an ent rock foundation, by owner, 
*23,9oo 498-26o4 eves. 

W arehouse, approxim ately 3856 sq.ft., lower floor of 14o Fred er­ icksburg 
Rd. 
*275. 
34+o246. 
342-oo84. 
_______________ 
P.O Box $8o. Boerne, Tx, 78oo6 
(512) 249-2)16 or 537 44o7 
Sparkling water on Guadalupe 
It.7 acres, cypress-pecan trees 
492-9436 H Castle Realty /3J-46o2 
• T E X A S V E T E R A N S • 
Have 5 tracts of ll ocres + at northeast corner of Looo 41o ana 
Somerset Road, *t2oo per acre. 
622-3363. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
2 to 4 a c r e s n o rth 
M o b ile s, h o rse s, ok. *5o dow n, *35.85 monthly IO years. M ogee 342-2516 
24 To 83 acres, S. Bexar, utilities, 
*775 acre By owner, 922-7627 
9-UNlT M O T E L -D E V IN E 
2 f u r n is h e d a p a rtm e n ts . I'/> acres, m obile hom e hook ups. 
Priced low. must sell S A M W ORD, 
R E A L T O R 
1-443-2621, 
Devine, 
T e x a s ________ 

In Bandera Co. 18 mi. from Loop 
16o4. V e ry good hunting. No im ­ provements. Call 1-249-2o49 P A. 
Petsch with D avis Realty Co. in 
Boerne.______ 

Hill cou ntry-Kerrvilte area. ISO ocres. Partly gam e proof fenced. 
W o u ld m a k e e x c e lle n t e xo tic gam e ranch. Will stock and m an­ age for you. Excellent white tail deer hunting *175,ooo. W ill fin- qnct. I-866-3471 
________________ 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, lodge, tennis co u rt. O n 2$ a c r e s o r m o re . 
*1oo,ooo. 1-86+3471 

8.ooo sq. ft. new m asonry building for sale, near expressw ay, eosy terms for strong buyer. 
9.ooo sa. ft., M a so n ry building for lease, month to month or long term. 
4,5oo sq tt. for lease. 
P E A C O C K , R E A L T O R S , 824-o511 

D E V E L O P E R S D R E A M 
3 acres, oaks in settled suburb 
Exclusive homes. Inside N. 16o4. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

I 
V / 
/ / A ' 

/ A N / / 

/ x W 
\ 

/ V A / 

/ / A N A i 
A ' / v J 
V A ' A l 
A V A V t 

TO B U Y or S E L L C A L L 
49+8543 
L Y N D O N B R O W N A A SSO C S 
U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
53 ac. Forest- Game- Creek 
J.K. L E IG H T O N , R E A L T O R S 
Vonderpoal, 78885 
512-966 34oo 
W E C A N S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H -F A R M O R H O M E 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U ST O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 or 249-3314_______ 

Com m it yourself to anything until you have seen the spectacular hilltop hom e site lust N orth of town. Utilities ana water system, a n d o v e r IOO to w e rin g o a k s. 
Term s, call Mr. Taylor, 494-5237, 
349 5723. 
______________ 
H IL L C O U N T R Y 
Bandera County 
134 Acres on flowing stream with 
15 acre lake. 
79 Acres, t m iles of creek thru center of property build chain of lakes, t mile of highway fro n ta l. 
2o W ooded o c re s with '/« m ile frontage on M edina River. 
JA C K JA C K S O N Real Estate, 
PO Box 151, M edina Tx 78o55 
589 2837, M edina 695-9195 SA 

BIG WAREHOUSE 
FOR SALE GR LUSE 
41,225 sq.ft. (1,255 sq.tt. office), rail-d o ck lo a d in g 3o ft. un d e r beam. Prim e location near IH-35 and Rittiman Rd Available July 
1st, 
1977. 
Contact 
Carl 
Boho 
341-9)91 

F o r that d re a m h o u se y o u 'v e been planning to build. O ver an acre, septic tank, water and elec­ tricity Located just off 281 North. 
Coll 
Sherie 
Legnon. 
533-7163, 
333-6328. 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

What type Ranch do you wont? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 22+5114 
R L 3 Box 22), San Antonio, 782)8 

L a rg e tract N o rth OU* 281, 1$ m iles. O aks, good soil, *85oo 
Robert Smith, B ro k e r 698-2o93 eve 49+6777 
___________ 

125 a cre s. S h a llo w ir r ig a t io n water, large oaks, all m inerals, between Sutherland Sprin g s and 
Floresville. E ve s 458-2o31. 

 land Locators af Ttuas 
S A. 667-1154, 667 1333 
W IM B E R L Y R A N C H 
39o AC., 1.8 mi. CountY rood fron­ tage. New 7 bedroom Cedar Log and Stone home with fireplace, air and heat. Hunters cabin, barn, 2 wells, approx 2 ml sm all creek 
H u ge O a k s and C e d a rs. D eer, 
Dove, Quail, Turkey. Ideal Sub d ivisio n . E x ce lle n t te rm s with re le a s e s. 
B r o k e r . 
658 8444, 
1-379-7582; 1-83+4518. .. 

UKE LBJ with the C O O R D IN A T O R 
3-2 with flo w in g stre am , good fishing and recreation. O nly 15 minutes east. Eves 658-2o31. 
IN D U S T R IA L LO T S Vt Acre and up, Zoned 1-1; fully developed. 
V I P Pork. E o sy term s 433-H89 
13,2oo sa. ft. lot betw een IH 1o- 
Fredrlcksburg Rd. 735-273o. 

One bedroom brick home with 2o2 ti of water frontage Fully lands­ caped with sprinkler system ond lots of oak frees. Lorge boot dock plus fishing and swim m ing dock 
Foe viewing, coll 
342-4115 
A N Y T IM E 

F IO A C R E S 
*397 down payment, *62 o1 per mo. 
Owner financed at 7 % % 
Simple interest, call 7j« o7lt 

J I ST KIGHT for Hie days ahead . . . a slim -style dress with its companion jacket. 

B-1o9 with Photo-Guide is in Sizes JJS to 5o, Size 
4o, 41 . . . chess, 4'a yards 45-inch; jacket, 'JV yards plus I yard contrast for binding. 
Consult the FA SH IO N COORDINATOR for colors, fabrics and accessories. 

Send S2.oo for each pattern. 

O v e r an a cre , out 281 N orth 
*65oo Good term s, for m ore in form ation, call Benny M artinez 
497 3753 826 o85o. land Locators of Texas 

248 flfFiCt SPACE HIR IMSf 
Wilson Co. 48 ae some coastal 
648 333oLG R IP P S R L T Y 648 ftotii 
H U G H O a ks and Pecans, m ore like a park than a (arm. 182 Acres on the M e d in o R iv e r , IO m i. southwest of S A. $1,3oo. Ac. 
D E V A U L T A A SSO C 369-2677 
Property M orketm gqe 
H U N T IN V E S T D E V E L O P E 
25o acres HON 696-15o6 

Castroville- $79,SOC Fam ily home, approx. 3,ooo sa ft. One acre laud. 
4 bedroom , 2 bath, q u a rry file floors, 2 polios, large gam eroom and fam ily room, fenced dogrun 
Lots frees. 
484-4747B Zoner, R e a lto rs! 1492 

PRESTIGIOUS OFFICE SPACE 
In growing N.W. sector. Reasona­ ble rates. Greater S A. Butlers 
Assoc. 
8925 N.W IH-1o 694-38oo. 

(LO T ) on sunny coast high, dry, beautiful 
ISO dn. 
H urry! 
653-3289._________ 

THI ACTION NUMBtt roe i ast e rs u m 
Pi ACI TOUB WANT AD 
IN THI CAPRIS* M W * 
CAU 225 1666 

WESTCHESTER APTS 
EFFICIENCY 
. C I-2-3 UNITS 
FROM SI6o i i 

V M 
O v - B I U 
S P A 
I D " 
H H AUSTIN HWY 

J r 
8 2 8 f,U o 5 - ^ : 

- 
A M A C M 
A 
N 
A 
G 
I D 
« 

/ • ( W H p W i t i - 'l . s A f e 

 m um nuSJiff 

E X P R E S S -N E W S 
TEXAS SIZE n 2 LINES 
I IO DAYS 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NONCOMMERCIAL! 

CANCELLABLE WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday June 5, 1977 
4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 
4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES. 
- 
UNFtmNISHED 
4o4-APARTMENTS UNFURN 
E X P R E S S 
NEW S 

F I R S T IN 
R E M A I S 

4123 TimbtrhOI 4 2 2.. 
S425 
31o3 Meadow Creek 3-2-2 S375 
5622 lark Meadow 4-3-2 MSO 

142o2 Canary Lane 3-2-2 S32S 
12319 Constitution 4-2-2 M25 

We have the newest and best rental houses in North Son An­ tonio All ore less than 2 yrs. old 
Drapes, central air and heat, carpeted throughout, fireplace, dishwasher, gorboge disposer, privacy fence, ond much more Additional houses available 

 f a l l tm \ ti nit' 

PI T SH O P 
Very successful pet store Located in shopping mall 
Well stocked 
Qualified management may be retained 
Complete training pro vided Information by appointment only please 

MINIATURE COLT COURSt 
Welt located in high traffic area luy this week and cash in on summer volume 

IT 4 2 A U S T IN H W Y . 
824-2391 
4-2-2 
$425 
Terrell Hills 
2-1 Apartment $15o ft. Sam 
3-1-1 
$175 
E. Terrell Hills 
3-2-1 
$1>5 
The den 
3-2-q» townhouse 
$225 
3-2-2 
$325 
Camelot 

X Z fy A 
BEANIE 
WKm Owens co 
Rf ACTORS— MIS 
Aw*tm Hwy LMt 

CHINISE RESTAURANT first class equipment, good loose, low price Rorthside - Owner will train 
FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 
I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

*215.1o *235. 

LAUNDRY AND DRY CLEANERS 
North — equipment like new Good traffic oleo, seder will consider loose purchase 

GO (ART BUSINESS fun family business Well establish od and profitable 
Includes in ventory of carts Owner will tram purchaser Caters to military bases 

MANUFACTURING OPPORTUNE 
Hi'ovy mnnulactunnq of products used by commercial truck field 
Mony long term established lustomeis on the books Products sold world wide 

F R O M 
I minute to IFTTO. 
Private adult and family section. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 Wo£d$t9ne Drive 

M IN S STORC A SHOE R E P A IR 
Ntfithside 
Prestige men Top lines money mukei 
Weekly 
LOCAL BAKERY 
Specializing in pies, wedding cokes, rods, home made breods. Outstan ding reputation 
Very successful business 
Owners health forces sole 

BARBEQUE 
I9?b lo* return shows outstanding soles and plaids Best known name m the business EiceHent (oration 
Skilled personnel nioy be irtoined 

Ten floor pions to choose from for exquisite adult living. All bills poid 
Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar 6 
Que grills, icemakers, fire places and beamed ceilings 

N e a r N o rth Star M a ll 

 m 
Monthly 

N O LE A SE 
CHOICE RENTALS 

214 Flintstone 4-2-1.... $2oo 
49o4 Tennyson 3 -IV S-l. 
$215 
84o7 Glen Echo 3-2-2___ $275 
12571 Sandpiper 3-2 7,... $3oo 
721S Pipestone 3 2-2 
$4oo 

C a ll 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

I IS R E A I 
LADIES READY TO WEAR 
Northeast area — Istablished and profitable store Good lines Quolifi ed personnel Owner will assist in training 

TENNIS COURT 

ADULT LIVING - NO PETS 

MEAT COMPANY 
Specialty meats company selling direct lo consumer 
Unique operation, owner will tram 

ICE HOUSE 
Noitltside 
Good business 
On premise beer license, reaulai ellen tele Will sell lost al this low price 

FRONT DOOR 
BUS SERVICE 

2-BEDROOM, $21o. 

POOL, UTILITIES PD CLOSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER ANO POS’ 
Offltf 

"First In 
Home Rentals" 
C E H ttltifi. 
Suite ■IIH) 
OIH*I N II f.cpremniic 

7 3 3 - 9 1 H-t 

WARREN HOUSE 

3 2 2 2 N . W . l o o p 4 1 o 

'at intersection of Dewhurst ond access road 41o" 

IliCTROlYSIS STUDIO 
Owner retiring and will teaci* puichasei the scientific lion removal Hade 
Business may be operated out ol puichasei s home oi apartment 
Very pinlilnble 
Good terms available 

MOBILE WASH 
Mobile truck ond cor wnsh unit 
Completely self contained to wash fleets of vehicles anytime, oily ploce 

CONVENIENCE SIONE 
Southside has on piennse permit, durning, barbeque, pool tables low pure includes the real estate 
1o362 SAHARA DR 

349-2617 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
81 o 7 B r o a d w a y 
3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 
U n d e r N & w M a n a g e m e n t 

Executive Type 
Apartments 

GRT, CRAFTS, 
CABINET SHOP 
FRAMING AND ART SUPPEIES 
Rural mill and cohinet shop located 
Northwest 
— home decorative in small town neat S A fully equip service 
Good record of earnings ped and operating business Piked 
Priced to sell lo move this week 

M A N Y O T H E R L IS T IN G S A V A IL A B L E r f I 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
I l-*^9 
4139 Gardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 

REALTOR 
696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

CAFE 
Southside Captive trade, little com petition in mea A long term sue lessfii! operation 
3 8 1 5 W IS T A V E , 

3 4 4 - 7 7 2 o 
^ A V A I L A B L E 

Choice 

Selection 

Beautiful 

Apartments 
LA 
ARBOLEDA 

2167 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Starcrest 
, 655-91o1 

CHOICE RENTALS 

Mony 3 ond 4 bedrooms, central air, covered patios, fenced yards 
Call us today for your RE At 
ESTATE needs 
828-6391, ANYTIME 
Wy$A 
DEANIE 
WfM OWENS CO wCmT^I , u l , o * s 
HE Loop Ole f 

Q u ie t H o m e 
S ty le L iv in g 

 fffir to 3 bdrm Townhouses with toeplates I? (loot plans Adult 8 family Amas 

6 6 2 3 C a lla g h a n Rd. 
* 
6 9 6 - 3 2 9 o 

N EW H O M ES IN 
N O RTHW EST 
S A N A N T O N IO 
C O M IN G S O O N 
Another Fine 
R A Y ELLISON 
C O M M U N IT Y 
6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

The Quadrangle Apts. 
91 
IOBroadzvay 
Phone 
S2H 

The ( .P M Corp. 
A Division o f Uptmore & A m or. • 

EXECUTIVE RENTAL 
In Enchante d Fo rest « bedroom s. 
I 1 a baths, J3oo sa ft., fo rm al din ing. p r o fe ssio n a lly la n d sc a p e d , h u g e d e n w ith f ir e p la c e . C a ll 
M a r y Craun. 347-SSoo 
349-1436 A n y t im e 

JA I W E S T P A L F R E Y 
H igh lan d H ills area, I bedroom 
S IPS plus ASO dep. 3 4 1 -8 1 3 4 _____ 

Near Lackland, K e lly I bedroom , 
J125 m o , 
SSO d e p o s it 
219 
M cL au g h lin . 917-4441.____________ 

Neat duplex in S E h a s fence for dog, go ing fast at $75 
United, H S em. fee <233 31 

2 B E A U T I F U L H O M E S . W in d ­ cre st, 3-2-2. F a m ily ro o m , f ir e ­ p lace , b u ilt-in s, c o v e r e d patio, p riv acy fence, auto sprinkler. One o w n e r h o m e s , f r e s h . B E A U ­ 
T IF U L Y A R O S 
$47$. and $39o 
494 3752__________________________ 

3 b e d ro o m P 'jb a th , c e n tra l o ir ond heat, between R an do lph and 
S o n 
A n t o n io , 
$24o p e r m o. 
658-6248; Otter A pm , 684-o)22. 

2-8-1, Stove, re frige rato r, clean, w in d o w a ir , no p e ts 
$14$ 
O w ner Agent. 453 4 139___________ 
11923 W IN D IN G H IL L 
N o r th e r n M ills, 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b a th s, c o v e r e d p a tio , c e n t r a l h e a t-a ir, d o u b le g a r a g e , I yr lease. $28$, d a m o g r deposit $25o, 
141 72o1, R E A L T O R S . 

N E 2 b drm with appls. fence, bills port pd, $14o, H u rry ! 
United, 735 9121, tee (94 2) let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
’OWNHOUSE APARTMENT 
LO CATO RS 
8 2 8 - o 6 8 1 
TREE— No charge lo you 
The Profetsionol* in apt. locating. ” 

IN C , R E A L T O R S 
N E 3 b e d rm 2 bath, a ir, patio, garage, fence, $2oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (1o1-2) 
E x tra la rg e 4-2, SW . h a s all the goodies, call now 
United, 735-912), fee (1o2 1) 
We seek people who seek Sut­ ton ll you meet our qualilita dont you will hove your own profitable busmen We offer the winning combination, (he finest equipment to dispense famous notionally adveitised 

3 be droom d u p le x ; liv in g room , kitchen, d in in g room . N W are a 
B ills paid, $3oo. Close to W onder lond. 344-4148._______ 

N E. 3-1'», carpo rt, 135 Huxley, air, appls., clean. $175 824-5483 
N E Castle H ills, 2 Story. 4-3-2'*. 
3,ooo Sa. Ft. circu la r dr Sunken tub Ligh t an d B righ t. I Yr. lease. 
349 9)25.________ 

F o r lease-3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b a th s 
N E . F irst tim e rented— P riv a c y fenced, a p p lia n c e s, c e n tra l a ir ­ head D rap e rie s. C arpe ting. P a r ­ tially turn lf d e sire d N o age n ts please. $284 454-4o11_____________ 
QUAIL CREEK VILLAGE 

* 1 3 o U P 

2526 NE LOOP 41o 

2 b e d ro o m d u p le x w ith la r g e livingroom and dining room . $18o 
433-4787 
_________ 

I M *(USL 

W o n de rlan d l i t with den, cent. air heat, covered patio fence, 
United, 735 912), fee (93-1) 
W o o d la k e . 4 2 2, 44oo C y p r e s s 
I ake, $125 453 7493, 22) 234) Ann. 

 a p a r t m e n t s leasing Daily 9-6; Sunday 
1-6 
1 Bedroom $1 5o 
2 Bedroom $ 22o 
FURN.-UNFU RN. 
All 
Utilities 
Paid large playgrounds, 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board, lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools. 
Neat Brooks A F B State Hospital, 
Pecan Volley Golf Course. 
T ru ly tn e b e s t r e n t a l v a lu e in to w n . 
2715 Lasses 
333-5339 

2 Bedroom House, la rg e yard, on bus line, $8o mo. 435-48o7 
Need g a rd e n ? 3 b d rm with fence, ready now at $175 
United, 735 912), tee (ISO )) 
Need sm all rent? I b d rm In west, go in g for only $5o 
United, 735 912), tee (157 3) 

I F O R L E A S E ; L a r g e , r u s t ic , 
Spanish C olonial R o ck H o u se with beautiful hilltop view ; on 4o acres. 
4 ml. SW of Boerne. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, custom kitchen, living, din m g, fireplace with study. C entral heat and air. 
$3oo mo. 
C all 
1-278-3274.________________________ 

3 bedroom house, fenced in yard, scre e n e d - in p o rch , 133 D IN N , 
455-872o Coll otter 5._____________ 
I 
FRUIT OF THE 
LOOM PANTYHOSE 

W O O D L A K E 
3 1, p r e t t y a n d clean , c e n tr a l A H. c a rp e t, ap p lla n c e s . fe n c e d , d e n su n k e n ro o m s N e a r Ft. S a m a n d R a n dotph 337 3921 
____ 

3-Bedroom upper duplex 585 
J E R R Y S M IT H , 494 3855 
N E 3-2-1, h o u se , fe n c e d y a rd , trees, k ids-o e ti w elcom e. $175 
United, 735 9121, tee (98 1) 

N E 
Im m a c u la te 3-2-), first tim e on morfcet, 455 4497 otter 5 

T o w n h o u se I b d rm w ith stu d io l'zboth. Oak Hills. 341 1242 
W oodlaw n clean I bedroom with appls. la rg e fenced yard. $9o 
United, 735 9121, fee (99 2) 
Apartm enlfr 

^ 
S e l p c i o r * 
Well find yours, free. 

O M N 7 D A Y* A W W 
OFFICES THROUGHOUT TEXAS 
3121 N.W. IO O P 41o 
349-1737 

D ie t e r C O P PFS FO H DOV C f TO 
4121 N. CEN TRA L EXPW Y. 
DA LLA S, IEX . 75 2o 4 

T V M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N O S A U N A S 
8-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 1-2 B A T H S 
$185 to $275 B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S . 
434-4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between H illcrest anti C a lla g h a n 
W estchester A p ts are $ m inutes from Fort Sam ___________ 

G len 3-2'j-2 ail ap pls, cent air, patio, fenced tor kids, 
United, 735 9)21, tee ( 4 8 1 ) 

W o o d la w n L a k e , c a r p e t e d 2 bdrm , ha s stove, kids-pets ok. 
51oo 
United, 735-9121, tee ( 9 2 1 ) 
Y O U R H id e A w a y , ( N E ) , I be droom , duplex, patio. $14o,night 
828-R9o3. 
_______________ 

THE 
PROFIT MACHINE 

N E. 3-2-1 plus den, full kitchen, full carpet, p riv a cy fence 
$24$ mo. 
R O S S I R E A L T Y _________ 494-7781 
N E 3-2'* 2-story tow nhouse, car- pet, ap p lian ces $24o. 458-424o 
N E S U B U R B A N 
I 1'! acres with nice redecorated 2 bedroom hom e Carpeted, stove, r e f r ig e r a t o r . 
$2oo 
R e a v ls 
824-o494, 824-4388 

R A N D O L P H o r F T S A M 
4 be 
((rooms, 2 baths, built in kitchen, carpe tin g, ce n tral heot an d air 
4815 E L G U S T O 

322 G O O D H U E . $19o mo., inside l oop 41o, n o rth of E ise n h a u e r . 
3 -2 -carp o rt, fe n c e d r e a r y a rd . 
Cornelius & A ssociates, 828 4343 
WI PRoVIo1 locotiofts, wholesale outlets tai Pantyhose, complete training and installation of equipment ond protected lei moues 

YOU PROVIOf top credit literati 
(es, and a timeie desire lo own ond operate your own business 

Applicant must be petnianen! ie side rn ready to stall work in 
3o days Our investors put up 
| (he necessoiy capital for quahfi ed individuals Applicant must hove adequate working capital 
No pun hose necessoiy 

2 -S T O R Y 2 B E D R O O M , 2 bath, built-in kitchen, central heat and air, fam ily room . 
12411 
L A 
41o HOUSH, RENT OR SFH 
GREENBRIER APTS.] 
8535 GREENBRIER i i (Just off Broodway ond North * 

I loop 41o) 
J 

' (Close to Crown Tower Bldg.) ( 

> • Adults Only 
] 
I • Home like atmosphere ;( 
* 
• 2 Bedroom , 2 bath. 
,| f 
• 2 Bedroom , I bath. ll 
) • Large spacious rooms j] 
) • Covered parking 
, 
[ * Pool • Party room 
, 
> 
• Laundry • Bus line 
' 
I 
• All utilities paid jj 
82 8 -4 2 o o 

OV£ A F A R T M I H T S 
A 

3o1-o9-15 W. M a g n o lia 
A p a r tm e n ts fro m $1oo a n d up 
N e ar SA C , convenient shopping, bus lines. C oll 733-9857______ 

2-bedroom hom e with ga ra g e , 47o 
Stonewall 
$11o plus deposit. 
342-897o.____________ 
ADULTS ONLY 226 3547 
I BEDROOM 

WITH 

BONUS 
ROOM 

*215. to *235. 

 month. 

N e w ly d e c o ra te d 
3 B R , liv in g room, dinette, bv lease $185 ma. 
First lost m o n th 's rent, $15o dep 
33o3 L a s s e s o ff G o lia d , n e a r 
B ro ok s Field. 494-3144 m orns. 

C L E A N and R E A D Y to M o v e In 4 bedroom , 2 bath, built-in kitchen, central heot an d air 7919 D E E P 
F O R E S T . 

C L E A N A S N E W . 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, I b ig liv in g a r e a , c e n tra l heal and air, built-in kitchen$227 
L A P O S IT A 

E ffic ie n c y a n d I b e d ro o m , roo sonable. 3)8 M a d is o n _________ 
H e r it a g e F a r m . 4-2-2, c a rp e t, drapes, fenced, air, N .S.I.S.D . N o agents. $4oo, deposit. 675 oo52 
H ig h la n d 2 b d rm , o n ly $85 w ith stove, refer, k id s pets ok. 
United. 735 9121, tee (89-)) 
H igh lan d H ilts 3 b d rm with stove. fence, w on’t last at $ SO 
United, 735 9121, tee (95 2) 
H IG H L A N D P A R K 
4 R o o m d u p le x , sto v e , r e lr ig . 
Adults, no pets. $8o. 494 42o3 

IO U W. Sum m it, $13o. W ater pd 
So m e fu rn itu re if de sire d , 2 be b ro o m s, 2 bath s, u p sta irs-d o w n ­ stairs. Appointm ent. 344-1694. 

 f 
• M ued Dunk dub 
Io d in e s 

 f 
* Gym and d ee H e in ie 
W 
( losses 

T st Beauty Shop 
| 
L • Sauna Whirlpool 

I 
• Tennis Courts 3 pools . 

 r 
* f lost tree rlMngerotorq 

 y, J 
* 1 o Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Southcross 
337-5242 

N E I yr old 4-2-2, executive, S4So a mo. Coll 455-6497 atter 5 pm 
For P e rm an e n t l ivin g 
Downtow n, Check Out The 
4o6 HOMES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

N O R T H E A S T 
N E A R F T . S A M . 4 b e d ro o m s, 2 bath s. D W a n d r a n g e 
P r iv a c y fence. Im m acu late ! $27$ m o 
V A L L E Y F O R G E 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, livin g room , fo m lly room , d o u b le g a r a g e 
R e f r ig e r a t o r . 
P r iv a c y fence. F u lly carp e te d 
N E schools. $125 mo. 
C H U C K A S H B Y R E A L T O R 
455-o7o7__________________ 824-2)28 

M ost R e ason ab le Hotel In Town 
.’ZU (Si ixillwiiy 
O V E R L O O K G O L F C O U R S E 3 bedroom , 2 bath, ce ntral heat and a ir , c a r p e t in g , n e w r a n g e , dishw ashe r and d isp o sa l 
381 
B A S IN 
The 
C o u r t y a r d / 

2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apts. 
All ElecTric Kitchens. 

Outside Storage N S Schools 

^ 
4411 Gardendale 

SJ 
6 9 6 -4 8 9 2 

B a lc o n ie s H o t s . A c r o s s fr o m 
W onderland, 2 bedrm . central air heat, sh a g carpet. P a rtia lly turn. 
516o 824-5246._________ 
418-WANT IO RENT OR LEASE 
H O M E S F O R R E N T 
3-4 bedroom s, $215 54oo m o 
B a lc o n ie s H o t s . a c r o s s fr o m 
W onderland, I bdrm , central air- heat, sh a g carpet. P a rtia lly turn. 
$14o. 824-5244. 
________________ 

F a m ily of 6 wont 3 bedroom , den hom e, S o u th sid e , fe n c e d y a r d 
P refer lease, under $175 923 29o1 
N E A R 
M E D I C A L 
C E N T E R . 
Large , lu xu ry 4 bedroom , 2 bath, c e n tr o ! h e a t a n d a ir , c a r p e t , drapes, built-in kitchen, W alk to 
N E Sch o o ls. P r e s t ig e n e ig h b o r ­ hood. 1 8 85 C O T IL L IO N 
Century 21 
CAH V. SPIVEY 

M O N ., TUES., W E D . 
ONLY 

(512) 732-5141 

PHILADELPHIA ANO 
NATIONAL TR AOL INC. 

1972 P A N T E R A . L I K E N E W 145 
M P H P L U S C A L L 
828 55)1 
$375 N o rth e a st 1-2 2, spilt level, central heat and air, carpet and drapes, all electric kitchen, well kep t fe n c e d y a r d w ith p a tio s. 
Owner, 732-4625. 

2 bedroom , I bath. 516o 824-452) 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y 342-4849 
T R IC O , R e alto rs 349 449) 
Hot W ells I bdrm , re ad y now, has air and tence, only $1oo 
United. 735 9)21. fee (12) I) 
High Ridged 
I B e d ro o m duplex , w a te r paid. 
1534 S a c r a m e n t o . $73 m o. $4o deposit 735-39o7 ________________ 
N orth C e n tra l Lo catio n , E lm ir a an d M cC u llo u gh and IH35. N e a r 
B aptist HOS., SA C . N e w ly d e c o r­ ated. N e a r bus, ad u lts only. N o pets. I bedroom . W ate r pd $14o with dep. 6 M o. L e ase . 226-53o) otter 6 and weekends, 696-o73o. 

L A C K L A N D . 3 bedroom s, 2 bath, central heat an d air, built-in kit­ chen. 5922 D E E R H O R N 
Northeast. Ve ry attractive house, i bdrm . F u lly carpeted, a ir an d central heat. Fenced back ya rd 
516o mo. 453-8756 ____ 
J LA PLAZA * 
• 341-4621 
• 

H 
• 1-2-3 Bedrooms 
M N 

 i £ 
• Single and Family 
; 
_ 
Sections 

® 
» Fireplaces 
MN 

I MN * Tennis 

• 115 NW LOOP 41o % 
MN 
Across From 
$ 
9 North Star Moll 
# 

B ra c k e n rid g e H igh I b d rm , has fence for kids-pets, only $7o 
United, 735-9121, fee (9o-1) 
U N IT E D H O M E R E N T A L S ha s the largest selection of rentals in 
San Antonio. H u n d re d s of v a c a n ­ cies d aily to ch o o se from . Stop w asting tim e and g a s C all 
U N I T E D 735-912! 9-9 7 D a y s o r stop b y 44o4 S a n P e d r o 

H O U S E N e a r Dow ntow n on South 
Side. P re fe r o ld e r co u p le . C a ll 
222-2o8o otter 4 pm ._______ 

N O R T H W E S T , lo v e ly b r ic k 
C o lo n ia l, 3 b e d ro o m s, J b ath s, carpets, real fireplace, beautiful trees. 3718 W IL L IA M P E N N . 

Hillside Apartments 

5211 Fredericksburg 

Cottage, coly, clean, air, utilities pd. $1oo Single 223-3568.__________ 
Cozy cottage I bdrm , air, appls. ya rd for kid, $12o 
United, 735-9121, fee (96-2)_______ 

3-2-2. N o r t h r id g e A re a , fenced yard, la rg e scree ned porch, full carpet and d rap e s N o pets. $375 
M o. 824-4497______________ 
North close in redec. 3 rm s, air, 
$8o, m ature oddlts, 224-o5o3_____ 
/AO Valley Forge Plaza 
King of Prussia, Pa 194o6 
W E H A V E O T H E R S 
828-5533 
1 Bedroom 

2 Bedroom 

3 Bedroom 

Plan to Diversify 
D e llc r e st. 3-2-2. F a m ily room , cen, air, tented yard. 344-8o38 
A t t r a c t iv e 1 -b e d r o o m , d i s h ­ w asher, shag, pool, bills paid, $145 a n d up. 125 D e p o sit. IO M in . Ft 
S a m . 321o E I S E N H A U E R Off 
H a rry WurzbOCtl. 822-9)95._______ 

On The B an k Of The Beautiful 
S A N A N T O N IO R I V E R .......... 
• 
M O R R IS D O W N T O W N A P T S 
A P R E S T IG E A D D R E S S 
O N L Y A F E W E F F IC . L E F T 
128 E M a in Ploxo. 227-288o 

••E. M Y R T L E . 1-Bedroom , near 
S A C ond Trinity. 735-7)36.________ 
E T E R R E L L H IL L S . 114 G R A S ­ 
M E R E CT. 3 Bedroom , 2 both, 2 a ir units, ce n tra l heat, carp o rt, laundry room , fenced yard. New iv p a in te d , in d o o r h e a te d p o o l a v a ila b le ne ar by. $225 or le ss 
E m p lo y e d couple preferred. Col. 
Nix, 655-4244._________ 

Air Conditioned— All Bills 
New light Village 

3138 I. Commerce 
227-8o91 

337-7548 after 5 PM 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDRO O M 
TO W N HO U SES 

FROM $185 

72oo S PRESA 

IC Y 
53 2-7 3 89 

EASY 
Business? 

FANTASTIC 

New Business Concept 

FIRST TIME 

To Make G ood Money 
Part time or Full time 
A m e rica’s Best 
Seiling Color Film w / processing 

Unlimited opportunity 
Available Now For 
Responsible People In a 
Multi million Dollar 
Industry. 

* 
N o Selling 
* Company Established, 
Accounts 
A Unlimited Potential 
A 
$ 4 , 4 o o Investment secured 

TOU FREI NUM8FR 
Boo-62I 1186 
BARRETT IND. CORP 
2726 W, PFTIRiON 
CHICAGO, IU. 6o659 
9 AM FO 5 PM 

B L A N C O R D and B A S S E R D 
1-2 Bedroom s. G a s-W a te r Pd. 
4831 B A S IL W O O D 342-37o2 
P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
S6o2 B IE N V I L L E D R . off W eidner rd. M ode rn I B edroom , 653-2663 
F t. S a m . I b e d r o o m , I b a th fenced, w ater pd. $95. 828-2722 
1o39 B o lin g B ro o k , IN H e rita g e 
F a r m s , 3-2-2, c e n tr a l h e a t-a ir , 
$31o. 342 989o. 
________________ 
Re decorate d, upper effic. sin gie w o r k in g o c c u p a n t. 2617 M c C u l­ lough, carpeted, air, bills pd. $12o. 
733-9)87, 824-44o5._________________ 
HOLLYWOOD—$195 MO 
N icely turn 2 bdrm , carpet, a ir 
828-o665 
W atson A Son 
734-41)7 
B r ic k d u p le x , u n f u r n is h e d on 
Kenilw orth, 2-1, liv in g room , kit­ chen, central air ond heat W ater fu r n ish e d . SISO . A v a ila b le im ­ m ediately 824-3163 atter 5pm and wfcends 658-5311 w k d a y s_________ 

C a m e lo t 3-2-2, p r i v a c y fe n c e , covered patio, carpe ted through out, 5285 mo. 22 1 4457 or 494-4915 

oHer«d in This Area 

WE REQUIRE: 

$5o,ooo Cash Secured 

Management Ability 

HIGH Income Goals 

Serious Inquiries 
Only, Please! 

CAU IOU-FRI! 
1-8oo-824-512o 
Operator I92-Go 

CAUS ACCEPTED 24 HRS 

R O O M M A T E n e e d e d to s h a r e apartm ent 344-15)6._____________ 
N W carpeted 2 bdrm , air, appls, fenced tor all, no lease, $14o 
United. 735-9121, fee (1o4-3) 
S E. 2 b d rm sm a ll house, yard, 
SHO. 4714 E. So uth cross, 333-2741 

 p K p i Go Around 

 with Us 

• zZ * at the 
Carousel 

On K in g 's C row n, N E , se clude d location and p riv a cy , ideal tor 3 adults. 3-2, la rg e den. split level, deck, 2 fireplaces, d re ssin g room , c ir c u la r d riv e w a y , 2 m in. IH35, 
55oo mo. 
Ow ner, 
655-1446, 
9 2 7 - 3 3 7 9 . __________________ 

S A C , 
T R I N I T Y 
A R E A 
2 
E fficien cy apts. New , $11o. $115. bills pd. 
521 
E. 
Courtland, 
651-448o.__________________________ 
Sec. I nob m obile in H a rla n d a le with bills all pd, h u rry! 
United, 735-9121, fee (134-2) 
DE CHANTLE APTS 

135 De Chantle Drive 

I and 2 Bedrooms 

Furnished or Unfurnished 

1243 Schley, la rge 4 roam adults. 
$9o o month, 494-26S3._________ 
Carpeted 3 bdrm , F P , air, fenced for kids-pets, $175 
United, 735-9)2), tee (91-2) 
S E , sm all g a r a g e apt. 58o. B ills 
Od. I or Couple. 532-9o9o._________ 
S IN G L E S ! E n jo y a la rg e I bdrm , d ish w a sh e r, s h a g carp e t, $195. 
Furn. 
B ills pd. 
824-2491. 
227 
D E E R W O O D .____________________ 

S m a ll house, $8o, 338 R iv e r sid e 
Dr. 
Single or couple only. 
448-265o.________________ 
C H O IC E R E N T A L S 
3-1, stove, refrig ............... 
3-2, ap pliances 
................ 
3-2-2, ap pliances ............... 
2-2, ap pliances 
................ 

South San J b d rm h a s appls, g a r ­ a ge and fence, $13o 
United, 735-9121, fee (98-2) 
$9o takes this I bdrm , bills od with a ir in H igh lan d s 
United, 735-9)2), tee (9o-3) 

T ry this I bdrm , h a s air, appls, fenced tor Fido, low down, $13o 
United, 735-912), tee (117-1) 
711 W e st C r a ig . I b e d ro o m du- 
Plex. adults. $85. 734-5982_______ 

Managed with Pride 
1 Bedroom $16o. 
2 Bedroom $19o. 

7134 Blanco 
3 4 4 -4 3 3 2 or 
8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 

• NO DEPOSIT • 

7 3 6 -o 7 7 1 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
1 -B E D R O O M , F U R N . 
. $145 
2 B E D R O O M , F U R N 
.. $175 
C L IN T L A N E A P T S . ne ar south side 
Globe. 
C hildren welcom e 
927-592o. 
_ 
ONE KLEI EJS 
APARTMENTS 

1 B e d ro o m 
$ 1 7 3 
2 B e d ro o m 
$ 1 9 4 
Adult living • No Pets 

Managed with Pride 
111 Dot Drive 
824-6177 
828-7393 

C le an 3 b e dro o m 2 bath, all kit­ chen a p p lia n c e s fu rn ish ed , 485o 
Castle 
B ridge, 
$245 m onthly. 
828-1754. _____________________ 

X tre ii from Northwott 
Shopping Center 
South , F u rn . I b e d ro o m , la r g e fiving room , beautiful. Convenient to everything. G a s-W ate r pd. $125. 
923-2367.__________________________ 

C L E A N IV* year old towne. 2 B R, 
I bth, patio, storage , stu dy with b u ilt-in d e s k a n d b o o k c a s e , m odern ap pliances, la rg e room s. 
Fenced yard. 
A v a ila b le 
4-19. 
654-1234 

F O R 
S A L E : 
C o m p le t e 
G u n 
R e p a ir Sho p 
In c lu d in g M illin g 
M a c h in e L a th e , G u n B lu i n g 
Tanks, P a rts Etc. 512-379 o922 For a p p t____________________ r 
TELEVISION ^ 
I GIANT SCREEN 
DEALERSHIP 

Foi home, school, business, clubs, hospitals, lounges 57o.ooo seem­ ed investment 
AVANT! VIDEO 
2951 5. Bayshore Dr 
Miami, R 33133 
LVoll Free I-B o o -3 2 7 -2 S 6 1 

A A A A A A A A A W ... Still renting? 
Ow n your own home. Som e only 
$1oo down N o C redit? N o problem 
922-2173, 475-9294, 473-5154 
P a t M c V e y R e al E state 

A A A A -O E A L . Be an ow ner, not a renter. N o dow n p a ym e n t to a n ­ yone A u gu st paym ent. 
494-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o934 

2-Bedroom , I bath $215. 
A c ro ss street fro m Le e H igh , 3 b lk s. fro m N im itz H ig h , I blk 
Jackson K elle r Ele m entary. 
M A IN T A IN E D W IT H P R ID E 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 H e r w e c k D r . 344-58o4 

$2o closing cost. Anyone can buy 
3-4 bedroom s, 2 baths, som e with a ir a n d a p p lia n c e s 
P a y m e n t s less thon rent. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
532-52S1_______________ R E A L T O R 

F o r S a le o r L e a s e : C o c k t a il 
Lounge and R e staurant, Phoenix, 
A rizona west side Seats 2oo E x ­ cellent term s. I 4o2 258 42o8 coll cotlact.____________ 

L a rg e I and 2 B e d roo m s 
P R O M 514o. ( U N F U R N . $122.5o) 
114 V A N D E R H E C K 824-2349 
O F F 44oo N. N E W B R A U N F E L S 
435 Club Dr. Beautiful 5 Spacious room s, up. E x c e lle n t co nditio n 
545. 734-1on, 342-22o2 
__________ 
F or Sale 
R E S T A U R A N T . E x c e l lent business N e ar beautiful lake. 
H igh density resort are a A c ro ss fro m m otel 4o m ile s fro m S a n 
Antonio N ew ly decorated P a rty room . C ivic clubs meet here 
IOO seats. 524,5oo Illn ess fo rce s sale, 
E x p re ss-N e w s Box 4341, San An. lonlo, T X 78297 
__________ 

L e o n V a lle y 4-2-2, c e n t, a ir , p riv acy fence, all oppis 
United, 735-912), fee ( n i l) 
Like new 3-2-2, 88)1 Glen Shadow , 
Cam e lo t ll, fire p la c e d den, c a r ­ pets, built-ins, fenced, $345 m o . 
$1oo deposit. C all collect Boerne. 
Tx, 1-334 2442 
________________ 

Collins G a rd e n s house, has fence tor kiddies ond Fido, $9o 
United, 735-9121, tee (92-3) 
3-2-2 C o lo n ies N orth , fo rm a l liv- ing-dinlng, p riv a cy tence 494-o211 
O H S 
_________ 

Sec 8 4 bdrm ha s den, ca rp e l and air plus extras 
United, 735-9121, tee <211-3) 
S E V E R A L 3-2-2's in N E I S D 
E x c e lle n t n e ig h b o r h o o d , c lu b facilities, $34o to $34o per month. 
Lease required. 454-1234 

IF Y O U Q U A L IF Y 
L a r g e 2 a n d 3 b e d ro o m a p a r t ­ m e n ts. O u r a p a r t m e n t s h a v e d ish w a sh e rs, s*o v e s, r e f r ig e r a ­ tors, and g a r b a g e a isp o sa is. A ll b ills a r e p a id . G r e a t lo c a tio n , close to L o o p 41o, r e sta u ra n ts, 
N o rth S t a r a n d C e n t r a l P a r k 
M a lls. The S a h a r a A p a rtm e n ts, 
1o115 Sah ara, W est oft San P edro a n d W. R a m s e y , n e a r the S a n 
F ra n c isc o Steak House. 828-8to9 or 
342-1533 tor le asing inform ation. 
__________________ 

A B IG S E L E C T IO N ot 3 a n d 4 bedro o m h o m es to rent, ow n or lease with option to buy. 1225 to 
$525 mo. Call 
E X E C U T IV E . 824-5345 til 8 pm 
A Choice of 3-4 be dro o m hom es an d a p a rtm e n ts to rent. L e a se w ith o p tio n to b u y 
O w n y o u r hom e N O W $19o to $5oo mo. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
49o-899o E v e s 494-88o5, 342-77)2 

35o3 N O R T H P A N A M 
223-3218 
M O N .-F R I 9 4 

1 Bedroom-1 Bath $142-5199 
2 Bedroom ) Both $159-5221 
3 Benroom -2 Bath $179-5246 
Ail Utilities, C e n tral A ir and Heat, 
R e frig e ra to r, R a n g e , D isp o sa l, 
D rap eries, T V Antenna, Storage 
U nits and M ore . A p p ro x im a te ly 
IS Minutes from M ilita ry Bases. 
924-o41o 
29)4 Roosevelt Ave. 

Corn er lot, repainted 3 bedroom home, den, patio, N E . 344-7959 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
L a rg e 2-story hom e with acreage. 
C e n tr a l o ir, heat. A ll e le c tr ic b u ilt-in s in k itc h e n . C a r p e te d 
5-mites south of 
41o 
$25o month 433-4787_________________ _ 

Custom built Duplex 
A M A S T E R P I E C E 
O P E N 2-5 S A T an d SU N . 
611 O B L A T E 
D r a m a t ic e n tr a n c e ! 3-2, 14x22 living room, Fieldstone fireplace, la rge fo rm al d in in g room , lu x u r­ io u s s h a g c a r p e t in g , c u s t o m b u ilt-in s. m a n y e x tr a s . C e d a r fen ced b a c k y a r d . A p p r o x . 22oo sq.ft. D ouble in su latio n thruout. 
$425. C E N T U R Y 2) R a y T e a l 
R e alto rs 341-2222. 455-2438_______ 

Liv e Ook 3 bdrm , with den, car pet, air, heat, fence- 
United, 735-9121, tee (I OO-1) 

F O R T U N E F O R A G O O D C O O K ! 
Cafeteria with seating for over 
IOO people E o s y o perating ho urs 
A terrific m oney m ak e r Sec it! 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
658 34oo 
828-o664 
I 379 748o 

C o v e re d w a lk -w a v fro m c a r to apt. laundry and m ailbox are a so you won't get d ren ch ed, la rg e r; ro o m s so you w o n 't b a r k y o u r shins. 342-9113, 826-1594 and see 
K IN G S T O N 
T H E 
K IN G S T O N 
A P T S . 
22o2 V ance Ja ck so n F o r T L L 

A S S U M E P A Y M E N T S 4o A C R E S 
Ran c h near St Johns Arizona 
P a y 2 back p aym ents $1o9 each 
W os SU.OOO-now $11,282 due 
Coll T E O collect 4o2 947 8o1) 

1 , 2 , and 3 b e d ro o m 
Apts. 
Furnished or 

Unfurnished. 

3-2-2, located in P A R K N O R T H 
N .E .IS D . Range, d ish w ash e r and g a rb a g e disposal. Im m e d iate o c­ cupancy. $29o 344 62o7, 484 433o 
Deonie Owens Co. 

2 L O V F L Y H O M E S F O R L E A S E 
Both ore 3-2-2’$ in N E IS D . One in 
C a m e lo t I at $3o5 per m o. p lu s dep. Other in V alle y F o rge at $335 pe r mo. p lu s dep 
U tilitie s are paid by tenants in both. P re fe r no pets. Ref. required. 
828-5436 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
N O R T H L O O P . IN C 

S m all fa m ily ? I b d rm h a s fence for kids-pets, only $55 
Uniled, 735 9121, fee (2)9-3) 
3-1, S o u th sid e , y a rd , $135. SSO deposit required. 923 3o88________ 
Su p e r 2 b d rm m o b ile , c lo se lo schools, go ing fast at $14o 
United, 735-9)21, tee (1o8 2) 

Jeff area, I be aroo m appliances. 
$1o5. water pd. 734-2974 .________ 
LA B A N D E R A A P T S . 
L U X U R Y I and I bedroom apts 
1)71 B A N D E R A R D . 433 32)4 

F u lly equipped lo u n ge for rent 
923-8713, IO 3oam 
5pm__________ 
G R O C E R Y and M e at M arke t, tut ly e q u ip p e d . E q u ip m e n t s e lls cheap plus Inventory 924 171 1 

H O B B Y S H O P F O R S A L E 
Re tail store tor hobby en thu siast in bu sy sh o p p in g center. S u c c e s s fu l e s ­ ta b lish e d b u sin e ss, 6 y e a r s in present location. Owner retiring, w ill from it de sire d S a le s p rice includes com plete inventory an d fixtu re s. 2 y e a r s r e m a in in g on current lease. $22,25o 

O A K H IL L S V IL L A G E 
A p artm e nts and Tow nhouses 
$185.Up 1847 B ab co ck 344-9726 

Off B roadw ay, la rge u pstairs du 
Plex, $15o. 829 3745. 822-7145 

B a c k fro m rent, !2 'x3 2 ' o ffic e 
T e rm s del. 924-5oo3 
______ 
The W estchester A p ts a re 15 m in utes from Randolph_____ 
11721 Parliament 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 

3 L a rg e apts. 565. to $8o. M o. 19o3 
Sounders, 224-75o7.________ 
A ideal location, M ed Center, liv ­ in g-d in in g com b., den, 3-2-2, re fr ig , lc e m a k e r, sto v e , w a sh e r- dryer, $3oo. 696-1471, 698-2932. 

2o2 W. C o u r tla n d , c le a n I b e ­ droom , near bus, $135. mo. Lights, w ater pd. D e po sit required, call for appointm ent. 
732-2668, 
223-4o43._________________________ 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S. 
2931 E. S O U T H C R O S S 
534-88o8 

S u p e r 2 b d rm m o b ile , c lo se to schools, go ing fast at $14o 
United, 735-9121, toe (1o8 2) 

Off Lockhiil-Selm a, 2 bedroom , 2 bath, cle an , quiet, a d u lts o nly. 
B ills od, $225. 341-1787 

5139 W C O M M E R C E $15o M O 
5494 W C O M M E R C E -5 2 2 5 M O 
212 A R A N S A S-5 1 5 o M O 
C A L L S H A M R O C K M U S IC 
__________ 733722)___________ 

A ir p o r t m o b ile on I a c r e , a ir , appls, bills pd, only $125 
United, 735-9121, fee (9o-2)_______ 
A lam o Hgts. livin g room and din 
In g r o o m , k itc h e n , b r e a k f a s t room , 3 be droom s. I bath, g ra r- age . Stove , r e frig , c e n tr a l a ir. 
$285. M o. W ater only pd. 225-4127 

A la m o H g t s . S c h o o ls 3-2 b a ­ sement, $3oo mo., 822-5596 atter 6 pm.________________________ 

T-Bird Hint, 62o7 M o cca sin 
3-2-2, Den, oir, $275. 484 3344 
W E C A N F IN D IT 
Y O U R a p a r tm e n t F R E E . A n y size, style, location. O w ner p a y s fee. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartm ent L o cato rs 828-5739 
W e stch este r A p ts are lust W hatl you're looking for________________ 
WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or o ve r pay 
W IL S H IR E A P T S . 
Block of Ft. S a m N orth G ate 
________ 826-9159, 926 1594 
I 

WAKEFIELD STARDUST 
APARTMENTS 

3-2-2, lovely 2 story hom e, located in M A R S H A L L M E A D O W S . Im m e d ia te 
O c c u p a n c y . 
$37$. 
344-42o7, 4o4-433o 
Deonie Owens Co. 
L u x u ry tow nhouse, N E , 2-2'i-2, 
$395 mo. 494-o57o, 494-5625 

T hird H ills 3-2-2, cent, a ir heat, appls, den, on corner, 
United, 735-9121, tee (94 1) 

B E A U T Y S A L O N 
B u sin e ss and equipm ent O w ner retired. G reat location, clientele 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 82o-2521 
B U S Y U S E D P icku p Truck 
LO T . Old E sta b lish e d L o catio n 
A ll b u ild in g s ond eautpem nt. In ­ ventory O ptional 
J A C K S A M M S T R U C K S 
3959 N O G A L IT O S 923 28o1_______ 

9oo B U R R R O A D 
Spacious t and 2 bedroom apts, a cro ss from Ft. Sam G olf Course. 
P rivate balconies. E le vator. B ills pd. $)95. an d up. 
824-6)61 o r 732-338o_______ 

2-Bedroom s, air, heat $14o. W ater pd. Patio. 158 E l M 1o-4o8 Ira. N o pets. 341-8446, 494 5678, 824-6227 
L u x u ry Duplex N e a r M e d Center 
641o So u th p o in t. 3-2-2, k itch e n o pp), inc. w a s h e r - d r v e r , f ir e ­ place. S au n a V e ry differen t-not for everyone. D a y 222-3751, E v e 
344-4429________ 

Custom built house, p rivate with courtyard and fountain 
United, 735-9121, fee (1o1-3) 
7)26 C y p r e s s G r o v e , W e stw o o d 
Add., near bases, 3-)'/*-i, approx. 
5 yrs old, cent, air, fence, $225 per mo, 735-8476.__________ 

T E R R E L L H IL L S . 3 bedroom , 2 b ath , 2 c a r g a r a g e , sto v e , r e ­ frigerator, hardw ood boort, $22$ mo. 325 Tuttle Rood. 826-4388 
R E A L T Y W O R L D - R E A V IS 
Century 21 
Ideally located on busline 
I, ?, and 3 bediooms S18o to 
S35o On Rector across from North Star Mull 

R R. R A N S O M R E A L T Y 673 77o1 
IC E H O U S E , well know n, plenty of p a r k in g 
$4,5oo c a s h 
C a ll 
732-o236 otter 12PM 

S E C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
E fficiencies - I and 2 be droom s 
F u rn ish e d a n d U nfurnished 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E A V E . 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
_______828-1191_______ 
S E E the rest- C O M E to the B E S T 
V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S 
8o)1 N. N ew B ra u n fe ls 828-424; 

Another South San 3-tv*, hos cent. 
A H, garag e , w on't last 
United, 735-9121, fee (157-2) 

3-2-2 T o w n h o u se in T h e G le n ; carpet, drapes, p riv a c y fence, all appliances. $235, lease 344 9176 
3-1- t o w n h o u s e lo c a t e d n e a r 
W indsor M all, range, dishw asher, im m e d ia t e o c c u p a n c y . $2oo 
344-42o7. 484-433o 
Deonie Owens Co_____ 
T ry this P e c a n V a lle y I b d rm house, fenced (or K id s pets, won t las!, m 
United, 735 912), tee (BO I) 
U nive rsal City, 3-1-1, central heot and air. carpeted, patio, close in. 
Adults only 451-6321 
______ 

3 bedroom s, 2 baths, double ca r finished garage, fireplace, carp*!, p riv acy fence. 14x2$ fam ily room 
$375 m o 13)1 B A B E R U T H 
G U A R D IA N R E A L T Y , 344-6221 

D e llcrest 3 bdrm , fence, g a r a g e and air, kids- pets fine 
United, 735-9)21, fee (U S -1 ) 

8So6 WAKEFIUD 

344-4558 
L a rg e Beer Tavern, rent $18o m o 
7t7 P olo Alto Rd. 226-779o 
Lounge tor lease, south P ie asa n ton Rd, fully equipped 533 1941 
Good incom e, good location, good e q u ip m e n t. $5,ooo do w n o w n e r w ill c a r r y note D a y s, 226 2241; nttes, 333-8775 
______________ 

418 W. L y n w o od , liv in g , d in in g bedroom , den, carpet, appliances, adults, partly furn. $175. 733-8864 

523) Blanco 
L o v e ly B e a u ty S o lo n tor sale, le a s e -a n y te rm 
N e a r B la n c o 
B asse Rd, 349-3527 M o r n R e alty 

M e d C e n te r A r e a , s m a ll quiet c o m p le x 
L a r g e 2 b d r m to w n ­ house, with den, $26o A lso I bdrm apt., $19o. U tilitie s f u r n is h e d 
342-331o, 349 o219. 

B E A U T IF U L Tree H o use A p ts in gard e n C om plex, n e or B ra c k e n rid g e P k. T rin ity U o n d D o w n ­ town View of City. Pool. La u n d ry . 
M o d e rn ond c o m fo rta b le M a n a g e r, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
A P T S 1315 E. M u lb e rry , 825 )243 

Coin L a u n d ry an d d ry c le a n in g plant, E xce llen t location on high traffic count street. For appt. call 
924-84o5______________ 

Secluded. Trees. 2 bedroom s, I ’/, b ath s, fire p la c e , u tilitie s poid, lawn m aintained, pool p rivileges 
549o mo Nttes 926-3345 
R E A L T O R S 
126 o4o4 
__________ K E Y G R O U P 

M E A T P R O C E S S I N G P L A N T , re ta il, m e a t m a r k e t, a n d b e e r p a r lo u r , 2 sto r y b u ild in g p lu s sm a ll building and o d io in in g lot, state inspected, great opportunity to ex p an d , c u sto m b u t c h e r in g sale s R e al m oney m a k e r 
Total property and equipm ent $15o,ooo. 
Good term s. C all 675-2152 

A A A A A A Hom e of your own can be yours for os little a s 52oo down an d paym ents less thon rent. No 
Credit? O K 
J A J R E A L T Y 674 8883 A nytim e 
A T M O S P H E R E 
I bedroom apt, restyled, gracio u s colonial hom e W all of w indow s, h uge trees to balcony 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartm ent L o cato rs 828-5739 

B A L C O N E S A P A R T M E N T S 
M a tu r e a d u lt s o n ly , 2 b d rm , 2 bath, all b ills pd n i l B a b c o c k 
349-8o65, atter 6 341 8o15. fOB t'Ht raT tm ft'r t'ut fs -------- 
O N A W A N T AD 
THI N U M B ! R TO C A U 
IS 225 1666 
I X P R t S S A N D N I W i 

A V A IL A B L E N O W ibed room , 2 bath, central heat and air, fenced yard, range, DW , carpet through­ out. $325 m o 85o2 Glen Shadow 
826-4388 
R E A L T Y W O R L D - R E A V IS 

N E A R U T SA , M E D C T R 
A N D 
U S A A 
L a rge 2 bedroom , fully equipped k itch en, c a rp e te d a n d d ra p e d 
349-7o24 or 341-7483. 

C o n v e n ie n c e Sto re Se lf se rv ic e gas, M e x ican cate A good truck 
Stop near U T S A 
This is o going business! 5188 F M R d 16o4 N W 

Studio townhouse, spacious, 2 be droom . l'z b o t h , la rg e b a lco n y 
N ear M od Center 341-1241 
54o6 M E R L IN 
Cam elot. 4 bedroom , refrig , stove ond dishw asher. 342-o933 
U p stairs, 2 bedroom , 2 bath, all electric kitchen, carpeted. 2-car garage, fenced bock ya rd W ater 
Od 
5285 
143)1 
B rook 
Hollow, 
341-1194. 
IE TAM APTS 
8oS1BROADWAY 
A N A P A R T M E N T 
U n tr a c ta b le a s its nam e 
I B E D R O O M $16o 
2 -B E D R O O M . $215 
H a ve just added 2 new tennis courts 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 
The W e stc h e s te r A p ts are lu st m inutes from IH35 and Loop 4)o 

D is p e n s in g O p tic io n o r y , N o rth 
Central location, Neor Loop 41o 
344-7557________ 

N E E D A N A P T - C A L L US 
T E X A S A P T . L O C A T O R S 
349-348S»NO FE E « 51 So up 

D u p le x , A la m o H e ig h t s I be droom , v ery la rg e liv in g room , la rge kitchen, utility and storage. 
2 carports, 5185 492-297o. 

65o8 B A R R A N C A 
D u p le x , So u th sid e , 2 b e d ro o m , refrig ond stove $13$ plus dep 
342 o933 

Loop 41o-Vance Ja ck so n R d 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2 -B E D R O O M $235 B IL L S P O 
P A R K D A L E A P T S 342-o19) 

M ilitary special, N E 3 bdrm , air, appls, carpet, fence. 
United, 735-9121, tee (121 2) 
D istributor e xclusive territory, no com petitio n , a v e r a g e $1ooo net prolit per week 
In v e st $9oo for in v e n to ry w ith buy b ac k p ro v e signs C oll tor appt 732-5438______ 

F o r L e a se 
N o r th sid e R e s ta u r ant. C o m p le te ly e q u ip p e d W ill co nsider partner 
E x p r e s s N e w s 
Box 3963, Son Antonio, T X 78297 

V A L L E Y F O R G E 
4 2-2, de n, covered patio, fireplace, central air, carpeted, tennis court, pool. 
N o pets. 5375 
E v e s o n d w e e ­ k e n d s 
532 4893, 532 9757 
A V II. 
July IS.________________________ _ 

W alk to Ft 
Sa m , I b d rm s, hos fence, and opals, only 514o- 
United, 735-9121, tee (14o 2) 

W e lfa re sp e c ia l $45 t a k e s th is fenced house with no deposit 
United, 735 912), fee o53-1) 

M ode rn 3 bedroom 2 balh, neor b u s. S o u th sid e S e a r s , fe n c e d , references. I or J children only 
$14o. In q u ir e 431 E . B o n n e r 
923-4485, 449 2o43, or 494-542) 

D U P L E X . 2 be droom , I b a lh in 
Colonies N orth 
Sem i- fu rn ish ed in cl. w a s h e r a n d d r y e r . $24$, w a te r p a 
M o v e in J u n e 14ft. 
C E N T U R v V R a y Teal, Realtor.'. 
341-2222, 696-1994 

R E A L T O R S 
2 b drm duplex for only $75. hos stove, frig, and no deposit 
United, 735 912). fee (2)8 2 ) 
M IN I A T U R E G O L F C O U R S E S e a rn $18,ooo $25,ooo 
In s t a lle d o u td o o rs or in d o o o rs. N o m o re seasons. P rice d at $1o,9oo E x c e l­ lent financing, L O M M A E N T E R ­ 
P R IS E S IN C ..Scranton, P A 18So1 
Tel (717)346-5559_________________ 

L o v e ly , 
B IG , 
112$ sa ft 
2 B e d r o o m , 
I'^ b a t h 
T O W N 
H O U S E . Beautiful sh a g and coor­ dinating ap pliances B ra n d new in 
N E O N L Y $285 , all bills pd 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM I1 E D 

ID E A L L O C A T IO N 
1 Bedroom , upturn................ s 
2 Bedroom s. U n tu rn ........... $ 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
215 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
824-9871 
_ 

2 bdrm in B etail, ira* stave, ! r i„ ond cent oir, h urry! 
United 735-9)2), tee (1)7-2) 
2 b d rm in Sa n Jose, h a s I c a r garag e , carpeted, fenced, won t last 
United, 735-9721, fee (92-2) 

M onte Vista, carpeted, cent air, appls, fenced for all 
United, 735 9)2), tee (122 2) 
E A S T V I L L A G E 3 b e d r o o m I bath, $195 plus utilities, m in im u m 
6 mo. lease, security deposit, 
344-537).___________ 
M o v e in no w ! 3 b d r m in H ig h lands, go in g tor $175 
United, 735-9121, fee <97-7> 

I M I N U M B ! * TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
I X P B I 55 A N O N I W 5 

M o n e y L o a n e d to b u y ,rem o d el, sale s tax or stock beer tav e rn s 
Low bank rates 226-779o._______ 
IX P R IS S AND N fW S 

Son Antonio EXPRESS N EW S Sunday June 5, 1977 

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES J 
YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
DRUG5ToRI-LIQUoR STORE 
PORCELAIN REFINISHING 
Savhtubt, lovorotoriet, tile, on location O w ner wit! assist. Nets 
El S OOO yr. 

EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 
N'J 
IO operator shop, qross t 
7 o ,o © o *. 
Nets 
$ 13 ,5o o. 
1o.ooo dx. 
MEXICAN FOOD RESTAURANT 

Gross $ 1 5 o .o o o + . Nets $31 OOO 
+ yr. Scot 155. $ 4 5 ,o o o . Terms. 

EXCELLENT WASHATERIA 
Neor base, gross $ 3 2 ,o o o 

 grossing fixture*. 
N W , 
Cioan terms. 
STEAKS & SEAFOOD 
W ith t i 35 
3 5.o oo dn 
FINE RESTAURANT 
N I gross 
$ 2 4 o ,o o o 
$ 5o ,oo o yr.. 
Good 
$ 25 ,oo o dn 
* it 

$ 3 4 o ,o o o yr stock. 
Good 

 property. Seats IOO. Gross 
OOO A nets $ 2 o ,o o o yr. 

S12 WSTWCTWI 
EMPLOYMENT ntORSSIOMJU 
6o1 
6o1 PKOFtSSIOWAL 

PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
5o1 PROFESSIONAL 

N et lease. 

26 n 
SS $ 3 2 ,o o o yr. 2 
-ya rs, $ 8 OOO dn 
CLEAN FLORAL SHOP 
N 'lc s t a ro u s in g $ 3 5 O O O *. N e ts 
G o o d business. t 
1 o ,o o o * yr. 
Nice tic lures, terms. 
1o.ooo dn. 

MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N'slde, seats SO, nice fir lures. 
Gross $ 6 2 ,o o o yr. $ 6 5 o o dn. 

DOWNTOWN CONCESSION STANO lots of h r tores, stock, 
$ 7ooo yr., $ 7 ,o o o terms 

DAIRY QUEEN 
N'Side reol clean. Seats 5o, Good garkm fr 
Nets 
$ 1 5 ,o o o yr. 

SEVERAL MIX DRINK CLUBS 
N .W . and N .I. 
Clean fixtures. parking. 
Nice 

BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
M ixed drinks. Seats 12o. Gross t i 8 o,o oo . 
Nets 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. 
3o,ooo dn. 
LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close to base. W ith pickup sto. nets Grosses $4o ,oo o. Nets $ 1 5 ,o o o 
$ 1 o ,o o o dn. 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 
( L i/ 
C lk a 
< 7 
T ro 
7 3 5 -8 6 1 1 

SOI - 8USSNFSS OPPORTUNITIES 
5o1 • BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

ENROLL NOW 
N EW CLASSES START 
JUNE SOTH 

“ A P P R O V E D F O R V E T E R A N T R A IN IN G " 
CB RADIO REPAIR 
RADI O -TV REPAIR 
TELEVISION TECHNICIAN 
OPERATOR 

FOR IN F O R M A T IO N C A U 

MAKE YOUR NEXT 
STEP THE AIR 
FORCE RESERVE f 
I hiLEINS 

N 
S 
T I T U T E 

3o1 B R O A D W A Y SUITE 2 o o 
CO NTINENTAL BUS BLOG. 
SAN A N T O N IO , TX 7 8 2 o 5 
JOB PLACEMENT ASSISTANCE 

EXCLUSIVE 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
PROVEN MARKET 

JHIRM ACK'S professional beauty products and retail cosmetic line are advanced form ulas used and sold by beauty and barber salons. 

JHIRM ACK'S products are form ulated by a cosmetic chemist known throughout the w orld as an innovator o f advanced beauty and cos­ metic products. 

The new 
JHIRMACK products have been w idely accepted and enthusiastically ac­ claimed by thousands o f hairdressers in the 
United States and Canada. 

D istributors are realizing excellent profits on these products, some having sales volumes o f one m illion dollars or m ore yearly. 

A few selected, exclusive distributorships are available to q u a lified persons with successful backgrounds in building sales organizations. 
There is no fee charged fo r this valuable distributorship. 

JHIRMACK distributorships are complete turn-key operations including sales and m anagem ent training, prom otional m aterials, national advertising and field sales support. 

JHIRM ACK’S m anagem ent team has a record of over 3 o years o f successful m arketing to the salons. 

WRITE FOR FULL DETAILS: 

JHIRMACK ENTERPRISES, INC. 
P.O. D rawer 4 3 o 7 
Redding, C alifornia 9 6 o o 1 

An Equal O pportunity Employer 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
PROFESSIONAL 

9-U N IT M O T E L D E V IN E 
J fu rn is h e d a p a r t m e n ts , ivy a c re s , m o b ile hom e hook ups 
Priced low, must sell SAM W O R D , 
RE A LTO R 
16432621, 
Devine. 
Texas.____________________________ 
W anted: In d ivid u al or couple to lease truck stop and cafe in A l­ pine, Texas Good location, m a lo r brand product. Lease a greem ent w ith option to b u y. Send a ll in ­ q u ir ie s to 
B o b b itt O il C o , 
D ra w e r BB, F o rt S to ckto n . Tx 
79735 Attn 
Bill Taylor 

 f Men and women.... 

WE B UY 
Businesses and Inventories 
J KAH N & ASSOC 342 4*27 

WORMS 
A lim ited num ber of in d ivid u a ls a re needed to 'O ise earth w o rm s for on organization th at a ffo rd s an u n lim ite d in co m e p o te n tia l 
For inform ation, call E C O L O G Y 
C O N C E P T S IN C ., 512-657-o133. 
Offices Nationwide 

5o4 MONEY TO LEND 

Borrow any am ount for any our- pose. P rivate money. 227-141o 
Business and in d iv id u a l lo an s a v a ila b le fo r a n y p u rp o s e 
$2,ooo-51o,OOO,OOO Contact M r. T. 
Whitely 534-8*73. 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialite in the purchase of 
‘ •Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts R eceivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 226-o314 
1*1* NSC Bldg 
Son Antonio 
F A R M R A N C H L O A N S A v a iia hie $25,ooo up Send to F C., PO 
Box 5774, Son Antonio, T X 7*213 
N E E D C A S H ?’ 
BUT H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ? ? 
Coll Union Finance 223-4871 
R E A D Y cash to p u rchase your real estote m ortage* 225 1475 

Signature loans, up to SSO,(LOO. Mo 
Endorsers, no co-signers. In fo r ­ m ation. Saunders, 2o8 C asp ion, 
Atlantic City, NJ o*4o1 

SM ALL HONOR LO ANS 
JUST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
A&A C R E D IT 
223 6249 
S tarting e xp a n d in g , in ta n g ib le a c c o u n ts r e c te v a b le .. 
C a s h a v a ila b le fo r th e s e a n d o th e r money needs Coll 735-411o now 

5o6 FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 

$ 

TIRED OF THE RAT RACE? 
NEED ADDITIONAL INCOME? 

R a ise E a rth w o rm s f o r P r o fit 

★ No selling involved 

★ We buy back your production 

★ You decide monthly income 

★ No pressures 

★ Complete instructions 

★ Buy back agreement 

★ Retirees invited 

W e need g ro w e rs in ou r a re a to help su pp ly the 

 m a rk e t. G re a t re tire m e n t or s u p p le m e n ta l in com e. 

Be y o u r o w n boss & e n jo y life . For in fo rm a tio n . 
WORM ENTERPRISES INC. 

13498 IH-35 N. 

San A n to n io , T e x . 7 8 2 3 3 
(5 1 2 ) 6 5 3 -5 14 o 

Investment 

Opportunity 
Real 
Estate 

HUD invites bids for 

M u ltifa m ily 

P r o p e r t i e s 

See ad in the 
Business/Financial section of this 
, newspaper. m 
— 
— 
— 

Choosing a career is an im portant step in your life. The A ir Force 
I Reserve can heip you with this decision through its training program . Take time to find out w hat you really w ant to do and receive an extra income and valuable training w hile yo u ’re doing it. Y ou’ll see that you can increase your earning and learning power with your local Air Force . . . the Air 
Force Reserve . . . an im portant step up the stairs to a successful career! 
OPENINGS N O W : • Heavy Equipment Operators J 
• Plumbers • Carpenters 
• Air Cargo Specialists 
[•_PJus_Others__________________________ 
[CALL: (5 1 2 ) 9 2 4 - 5 1 8 6 ~ 
TO: 4 3 3 T A W /R S 
K elly AFB, TX 7 8 2 4 1 
O r Fill O u t Coupon and M a il Today!| 
N A M E:_________ _ ___________________ 

I ADDRESS:___________________________ 

I C IT Y :_____________ STATEi 
_____ Z IP :. 

PHONE:_____________________________ 

DATE OF BIRTH:_____________________ 

I 

Central Counties Center for MHMR Services is currently ac­ 

 cepting applications for the following positions. The clos­ 

 ing date for accepting applications is June IS , 19 77. Ap­ 

 plications and resumes m ay be sent to: Steve M Ferguson, 

Personnel Director, P. o. Box 1o25, Temple, Texas 765o1. 

C LIN IC A L P S Y C H O LO G IS T : Eligible for Texas licensure. 

Ph.D. from approved clinical program essential. Com­ 

 m unity m ental health experience desired. Prefer ad­ 

 m inistrative or supervisory background. Duties include 

 providing clinical supervision for several outreach centers 

 located in Central Texas area. Fringe benefits competitive. 

Excellent opportunity for team oriented professional. 

Salary range SI 7,ooo-52o,OOO. 

S O C IA L W O R K E R : Social Worker with three to five years 

 experience in social work. Two (2) years experience in a 

 supeevisory capacity, for the position of Supervisor of 

Social W orkers. Salary open, depending on experience. 

D IR EC T O R , R ES ID EN T IA L T R E A T M E N T U N IT : Requires 

 three (3) years of clinical experience with children and 

 adolescents and their families, o m inim um of one ( I) year 

 must be in administration or supervisory m anagem ent. 

Masters' degree in a mental health field with appropriate 

 experience or Ph.D. degree with one ( I) year experience. 

Excellent opportunity for team oriented professional. 

Salary open, depending on experience. 

SPECIAL. EDUC 
This ch allen g in g V IS T A p ro te c t dem an d s th a i v o u r f le x ib ility , stam ina, a d ie n c e a re re a l 
The 
County Housing for D evelopm en­ ta lly Disabled in M o n tan a needs 
V IS T A v o lu n te ers w ith S p e c ia l 
Educ degrees o *-people w ith field expr Your w ork w ilt be w ith bath in d iv id u a l c lie n ts a nd w ith the c o m m u n ity as o w h o le . 
Responsibilities inlude recruiting staff and p a rt-tim e in vo lv e m e n t from the com m unity and trainin g th e m 
/ c lie n t g r o w th a nd achievem en t; gain ing public ac­ ceptance for the p ro g ra m 
P ro ­ g ra m begins Ju ly 19, so a p p ly now. V IS TA provides m odest liv­ ing a llo w a n c e , tr a n s p o r ta tio n , m edical cover age, other benejits 
No dependents please. Coll collect 
<512)397 5925, Ext.4. 
TEACHERS 
Math Chemistry,Physics 
M a k in g im p o rta n t c o n trib u tio n s overseas is w hat Peace Corps is a ll about. N ew te a ch e rs, exp e r- fe n c e d te a c h e r s a n d r e t ir e d te a c h e rs a re n e ed e d to d ir e c t c la s s ro o m te a c h in g in h ig h schools and universities, provide in -s e r v ic e tr a in in g f o r lo c a l teachers, design c u rric u la, w rite textbooks, pion p ro g ra m s . Y o u r know how is cru cial. E xp e rien c e a n o th e r c u ltu re , b ro a d e n y o u r outlook. P eace Corps volunteers receive language tra in in g , living a llo w a n ce , m e d ic a l, o th e r b e n ­ efits 
Call collect 
<5121397 5925, 
E x t.4. 

AIR FORCE 
RESERVE 

Y O U R L O C A L 

A I R F O R C E 
E.N. 

1 1 2 -B 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 

Most of the better, higher paying jobs are not adver 
Used Haldane can show you how to find these jobs and how to get the inter views. Send your resume today or call now for a confidential, no cost or obligation interview 
Not a placement agency! 
Haldane 
Job and Career Counseling 
Nationally Since 1947 

San A n to n io 

Century Bldg . 84 NE Loop 4 1 o 
Suite 2 7 5 West I Dept. E 
(5 1 2 ) 3 4 2 316 6 
San A ntonio. Texas 78216 

AlsoHouston, Dallas and Ft. Worth 

CJO'- 
IX tC U T IV l 
R* q»orwj{ pf fires Boston 
Cleveland ' Da Has Dc ire 
LOS Apfijele * San * fjtic 

Estimator-Dpaftsman 
Must be experienced in C o m m er­ cial Buildings, pay based on Ex perieiue and Education 533-1274 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
KELSH OPERATOR 
With some D ratting experience. 
P erm anen t position, top s a la ry , excellent benefits, re tirem e n t pion. 

 j Contact: M r. Jessie G a rta , J r. 
AMMANN MAP SERVICES 
8816 T R A O E W A Y 
828-8271 

I IN S U R A N C E P R O F E S S IO N A L S 
Safety R epresentatives i m in.2 yrs com pony e x p e rie n c e . 
San Antonio a rea , cor, expenses 
C asualty R a te r: re q u ire s 2 y rs experience in rating all casualty lines 
A E TN A IN S U R A N C E CO 
I Contact in confidence. Ronald J. 
I C iarlone, A dm in M g r. 7o73 Son 
I Pedro Ave., San Antonio 78216 
• 512-341-1321_______________________ 

I JOB H U N T IN G ? $12-$6S,ooo B e r­ n a rd H a ld a n e & A sso c. ( S12> 
: 342-3166 
S in c e 
1947. 
N o t a placem ent agency._________ 

K E Y P E R S O N N E L 
SEARCH C O N S U LTA N TS 
42o4 G ardendale 
69o-9191 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 565o 
Too hrs with not!l firm . S tart today Coll T e rr! Todd, 657 1123 
Snelling $ Snelling E m p lo ym en t 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
M an or wom an to w ork at sm all m a rk e t ra d io sta tio n w ith in 5o miles of San Antonio. Sales, copy, some a ir w ork Fluency in speak­ ing and reading Spanish a m ust! ! 
For appointm ent call 1-426 3367, 
Monday Friday 

PATROLMAN to do safety p a tro l in the t r a n ­ s p o rta tio n fie ld 
M u s t h a v e a clean record and a knowledge of th e fo e to rs w h ic h c a u s e a c ­ cidents. Will need a aood c ar. Ray 
Goodman, Box 66. Lancaster, T X 
75146. (214)227-4385 

PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE 

5 12 -IN S m U C riO N S 

OW N 
YOUR OW N 
BUSINESS 

W h ite A uto Store 

D e alersh ip A v a ila b le 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

INVESTMENTS 
$ 75,ooo 

STORE 
SERVICE 

$ 3 o 4 ft 

 r n 
PLANNING {ip 

PROFESSIONAL 
ASSISTANCE 

BASKiN-ROBBINS 

Ice C re a m S to re available in 
SAN A N T O N IO 
Tor .ufo write: 
Baskin-Robbins 

2 o o o N . lo o p W e s t 

S u ite 1 1 5 

H o u s to n , TX 7 7 o 1 8 o r c a ll: 
( 7 1 3 ) 6 8 1 - 8 4 1 o c o lle c t! 

DAY ANO NITE CLASSES 

K e yp u n ch , S e c re ta ria l, A c ­ co u n tin g , D ra ftin g a n d A ll 
Other Business Courses. 
Vet Approved 
DURHAM COLLEGE 
IQS San Pedro 
225-54o1 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns are accepted on the premise that eobt offered will be filed on the hosts of merit without dischmlna 
(ion because of se* unless the (ob is o bonaire occupational qualifi­ cation 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The San Antonio Private Employ men! Association has a rigid Code of 
Ethics to which oil its private employment agency members subscribe 
For information about pnvote employment agencies, or ac­ tion on complaints, call 224 78o2 at the Settee Business Bureau 

UNDERWRITER j Two years exp e rien c e re q u ire d . 
S a la r y open 
C o n ta c t J e r r y 
I M ille r, T e xa s U n ite d In s u ra n c e 
Co. 736-24o1 

PHARMACIST 

Finish High School at H om e 
D iplom a a w arded. F o r tre e b ro ­ chure. call Am erican School, tool free 
1 8oo 621-83)8_______________ 
H A L LM A R K A E R O TE C H 
113o 99th ST, Stinson Field 
924-855) 
__________ 

LFWiS BARBER COLLEGE 
62o8 S Flores_____________924-388o 

T H IS IS V O U R 
O P P O R T U N IT Y 

W M H 
ELECTRICAL 
Designer Draftsman 

Min 5 yrs experience in PC layout and packaging of electronic equip 
Must be copable of generating electrical and mechanical drawings as well as schematics and assemblies. 
Knowledge of military specifica­ tions desired but not essential 
Contact Ms Schmii 
8 2 6 -6 3 8 5 

 equal opportunity employer 

On Main SL Near SAC 
F o r sate 
9,3oo sq ft shopping c e n te r on 35,ooo s q .ft. of lan d . 
W 
G ood te n a n ts . O ne 26oo sq ft. 

C O M PLETE 
AD- m )« « •" « tJ{J 
•« * * u c D T itik ir- n o r , ™ 
G e t d e ta ils fr o m L .M . G a le 
V E R T IS IN G 
P R O - 
141-9191, 
Niles and weekends 
G R A M 
# 
326-8o51 
• 
Naylor Realty Inc 

To prepare to r C IV IL S E R V IC E I 
E x a m in a tio n s . M e n w o m e n 18 I and over. O p p o rtu n itie s fo r ad- | voncement. P rep arato ry trainin g as tong as required. E xp e rien c e not alw ays n e cessary 
A H o m e 
Study School since 1948 w ill send you F R E E IN F O R M A T IO N on lobs an d th e ir r e q u ir e m e n ts . 
W rite T o d ay g iv in g n a m e , a d ­ dress and phone to 
Lincoln S er­ vice, Inc., Dept. 9S-F, 22t I Broad way, Pekin, illinois 61554 

HIGH 
QUALITY 
MERCHANDISE 

Tutoring tor children w ith le a rn ­ ing and speech p ro b le m s , to r m ore inform ation coll 533-3663 
Veteran Inquiries W elcom e 
Texas Vocational School 
1913 S.Flores 
225-3253 

C E N T E R D I R E C T O R -Y W C A 
R equirem ents: U ndergraduate d e q ree . 2 y e a rs e x p e rie n c e in m anagem ent of rccreobonal pro­ gram s. stotf, facility and budget 
Send re s u m e to Y W C A , 318 
McCullough, 78215. 

PURCHASE 
PROGRAM 
REBATE 

For free brochure without obligation, write or call 

Near-In, Country 
Estate and Income 
L E A S E OR S A LE B Y O W N E R : 
A L L OR P A R T , 12,5oo sq.tl n a­ tu re l rock s tru c tu re w ith o th e r im provem ents on the secluded top center of a 45 a cre hilltop - North 
West • in the grow th a re a of B exar 
County (IH IO), 2 m iles from City 
Lim its Built 37 years ago, it was the center of a ttra c tio n , day or night, as “ M O U N T A IN TO P D IN ­ 
N E R C L U B ", fe a tu rin g the la r ­ g est nightclub in the S outhw est 
U S.A. The m ain b u ild in g being perfectly laid out as a dinner club w ith ballroom , dance floor, b or, lounge, re s ta u ra n t, k itch e n , up­ s ta ir s o p e n -a ir c o c k ta il p a tio , m eeting room s, p a rty room s. 5 fireplaces, 7 bathroom s, outdoor c o n n e c te d 1o,ooo s q .ft. s ta r lit da n ce patio, plen ty of p a rk in g 
O th e r im p ro v e m e n ts in c lu d e a te n n is c o u rt, s w im m in g p ool, s tru c tu re suitable to r guests or em ployee q u a rte rs, independant w a te r s y s te m , p r iv a te p o v e d road, unlim ited expansion fa c ili­ ties P rofitable use would include 

Plaster A rt Shop, good northside location, $6ooo plus inventory, on­ ly s e rio u s in q u ir ie s p le a s e . 
341-5722 otter 6 pm________________ 
P re s tig io u s p r iv a te o ffic e ond fa c ilitie s fo r in d e p e n d e n t R e a l 
E state B ro k e r. C o m m e rc ia l or fa rm ond ranch. 347-2677. 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D unn & B ro d s tre e t says 'C om 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y a n d 
D r y 
C leaning Stores o re one of tw o industries with the least failu re figures.' 
K W IC K W A S H c o in o p e r a te d la u n d ry a nd d ry c le a n in g te s t stores for sale. 
WE H A V E choice la u n d ry lo ca ­ tions in every p art of San Antonio ready to build now. 
BANK R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For inform ation call E d Floyd 
512-684-3771 o r v is it O ur w a r - ebouse-show room at 54o3 Jock- wood Son Antonio. Tx 78238 
Prosperous L IQ U O R S TO R E in 
Son 
A n to n io . 
V a lu e d a t 
SSS,ooo-56o,OOO to tra d e fo r re a l estate,Within 5o m iles of city. Call 
227-3165, 698-1o92_____________ 

R E S T A U R A N T to r s ale 
M a k e o ffer! N orth of dow ntow n a re a . 
Good noon traffic 341-8425 aft S 

Small Cafe for lease. Counter IO stools. H am burgers, short orders 
Perfect tor couple 695-82oo 

PUNCH 

4 Short W eeks 

Other Training in: 

Computer Operations 

Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Medical Secretary 

Nurse's Aide/Orderly 

Call 224 -9 2 8 6 
CBM 

Education Center 

1121 Navarro 

C IV IL 
E N G IN E E R , c o lle g e g rad u ate, re g is te red o r e lig ib le for registration, m inim um 3 yeors experience, fa m ilia r w ith w a te r d is trib u tio n s y s te m s , s tr e e ts , roads, bridges, flood s tructures, know hydrology, storm ond sew er systems. Full tim e, 4o hour w eek, p e rm a n e n t p osition 
M in im u m s ta rtin g s a la ry $12,ooo a y e a r 
Full benefits. R esum e re q u ire d . 
A p p ly in p e rs o n T e x a s E m ­ p lo y m e n t C o m m is s io n . 4o6 S. 
M ain. Add paid for by em ployer. 
COLLEGE GRADS- 
PEACE CORPS-VISTA 
Your college degree, com m itm ent to help others and w illingness to sim plify your life style. Y o u 're the 
O NE we a re looking for. P ea c e 
Corps volunteers spend 2 years in a Aveloping nation, shoring their knowledge and skills, leanrning a new language and culture. V IS T A volunteers are at w ork in A m e r­ ica's po v erty-le v el c o m m u n ities using th eir know -how to c re a te change. E ither w av-P eace Corps or V IS TA - is o great way to gam experience in your field and do something satisfying. Apply now to r V IS T A J u ly a n d A u g u s t p lacem ent, o r P eoce Corps Oc to b e r p r o g r a m s . W e p r o v id e volunteer living allow ance, tr a n ­ s p o rta tio n e x p n s e s , m e d ic a l coverage, other benefits, and an e x p e r ie n c e y o u 'll a lw a y s r e m e m b e r . 
C a ll c o lle c t 
SI 2-397 5925, ext. 4 

F U N A N D SUN 
Position open in clinic p h arm acy in tabulous P a d re Is la n d -P o rt 
Isabel. 38 hours p e r w eek m in ­ im um , m o re if d e s ire d 
S a la ry com m ensurate w ith a b ility . C all i 
C ollect, M r .V in c e C rix e ll, C ity 
Drugs 1-S42-3222__________________ 
P O S ITIO N A V A IL A B L E 
S O U TH W E S T T E X A S 
S TATE U N IV E R S IT Y 
A D M IN IS T R A T IV E A S S IS TA N T i 
TO TH E V P FOR 
IN S T IT U T IO N A L 
A D V A N C E M E N T p e r fo r m in g r e s o o n s ib e le o n d complex s ecretarial and adm m is- { trah ve duties. W ork involves car- I ry in g out s e c re ta ria l fu n c tio n s | required in effective im plem entor i tion of a d m in istrative policies to include taking a nd tra n s c rib in g ; difficult dictation, supervising a c le ric a l s ta ff, k e e p in g c le ric a l records. W ill also assist in the j d e v e lo p m e n t o f o p e r a t io n a l ; policy, organlre and m aintain the I d ivision filin g sys te m , p re p a re i v a rie d re p o rts re la tin g to d iv i­ s io n a l o p e r a tio n a n d m a y r e ­ s e a rc h le g a l o r p o lic y iss u e s. 
Should have a m ninim um of three I y e a rs a d v a n c e d a n d c o m p le x s e c r e t a r ia l e x p e r ie n c e . F iv e ! y ears of c om bin ed p ro g re s s iv e secretarial w ork and adm inistro fiv e e x p e r ie n c e p r e f e r r e d . 
G raduation from a standard high school supplem ented by addition- j al courses in shorthand and other b u s in e s s r e la te d c o u rs e s I required. A B ach elor’s degree in I a business curriculum or closely ' re la te d o re o p r e fe r r e d . A p p ly before 4:3oP M , June 13 1977, to ; 
Personnel Office, Southwest T e x ­ as State U n iv e rs ity , Room 2o8, 
Library-A dm . Bldg , Son M orcos, 
Texos 78666. 245-2211 

SWTSU is on a ffirm a tiv e action- equol opportunity ( niplover. 

WANTED: 
PROFESSIONALS 

M ake Your Future with the Leader. 

D atapoint C orporation, the leader in dispers­ ed data processing, has openings in its San 
A ntonio facilities fo r qualified professionals in the follow ing categories: 

TEST ENGINEERS 
To design test equipment and generate test programs for data processing products. B.S.E.E. degree, or equivalent, with three or more years experience in digital design and assembly language programming. 

INVENTORY ANALYSTS 
W ill be responsible for planning and controlling raw in­ ventory stocks needed for specific hardware. These posi­ tions require good mathematical skills and the ability to analyze and maintain correct inventory status. Needs minimum of two years planning and controlling manufac­ turing inventory. 

TRAFFIC COORDINATOR 
W ill manage the shipment of electronic spares to our customer service field engineers nationwide 
Must be familiar with transportation modes. Prior experience in industrial goods shipment a must. Knowledge of elec­ tronics helpful. 

These positions offer excellent wages and benefits, the opportunity for rapid advancement, and a challenging work environment in a growth-oriented company. Send resume with full salary history to Mr. Chuck Zeleny, 
Manager of Employee Relations, Dept. S A E. Datapoint 
Corporation, 9725 Datopomt Drive, San Antonio, Texas 
7 8284. 

 u'-ve Acrite' im p 
’l f ! ' ipno'tunity 
DATAPOINT CORPORATION 
ID 

The leader in dispersed data processing 

BANKING 

PRESIDENT................................................................... $3o,ooo 

V.P. OPERATIONS................................................... $27,5oo 

V.P. CASHIER................................................................ $22,ooo 

CASHIER......................................................................... $14,ooo 

LOAN OFFICER—SAL............................. $14,ooo 

Call M yron Goldm an 

TE A C H E R S 
Tw o 2 n d -G ra d e te a c h e rs . O ne 
6th grade m oth teacher, p riva te school. 
C E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
333 Valley Hi D r 
673-18)4 
WANTED TAUCH DRIVERS 
Must be experienced in long haul driving for at leusf 3 years. Must have good driving record ond be able to pass OOT physical P lease a p p ly a f d isp atc h o ffic e , G ens- c o J n ^ U v a ld e J S ^ 7 ^ 5 6 6 6 ^ ^ ^ 
6o2 SALES 

AG E N TS 
R e d e co ra te d , e s ta b lis h e d lo c a ­ tion. t desk to fill N ew ly licensed learn all fields of re a l estate 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
A U T O M O T IV E A F T E R M A R K E T 
M otor AAA m a n u fa c tu re r see k ­ ing territory m anager to service 
W O' s, jo b b e rs a n d fle e t specialists Good salary and bon­ us p a c k a g e + c o m p a n y c a r , h o s p ititiia tio n ond r e tir e m e n t program . Send com plete resum e to Express News Box 433o. E auat opportunity em ployer____________ 

AVON 
To buy or sell, call 226-o941 

MEDICAL M ANPOW ER 
RECRUITMENT SPECIALIST 
• BA degree in Health area or related social areas 
• PR skills are preferred 
• Knowledgeof rural comm unity health needs helpful 
• Some travel required 
• Salary $ 14 ,o o o + (negotiable) 

CLINCIAL MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST 
• Degree in Health care or related area 
• Clinical experience in out-patient health care necessary 
• Knowledge of quality assurance programs preferred 
• Requires travel in Texas and New Mexico 

• Salary $ 14 ,o o o + (negotiable) 
Contact Jose A. Soto 
Acting Executive Director 

Rio Grande Federation of Health Centers 
83o NE loop 41o, Suite 2o2 
San Antonio, Tx 782o9 
($12) 828-3367 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

Business m achine s ale sm a n d e­ siring m anagem en t o p p o rtu n ity w ith g ro w in g c o m p a n y , s a la ry open Call 342 3124 for appt 

DESK SALES $65o 
E xcellent wholesale firm , J day. good future Bankers E m plo ym ent 
Service, 87oC Crownhitl, 828-6123 

E M P Y y DESK 
For real estate salesm an w illing to e n te r tr a in in g p r o g r a m d e ­ signed to turn you info a m illion dollar plus salesm an in 9o days or less. 681-o66o 
RED CARPET 

E v e n lf you h a v e n e v e / w n d b e fo re you c a n e a r n arn to 
$2oo-53oo a week to start. W * 8 w in you. Q u alifie d leads fu rn M p e d 
L o c a l A re a . C a ll 732 1 139, A n 
E qual opportunity Com pany. 
F IE L D REF* SS-IO 
Learn exciting c are er, g re a t future, car + exp. Tom 349-3541 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r. Suite 14o 
F IE L D R E P R E S E N T A T IV E 
F r a te rn a l o rg a n iz a tio n 
Be r e ­ sponsible for storting new units, travel required, sala ry, expense a c c o u n t, lib e r a l c o m m is s io n . 
Send resum e to: Robert E D avis. 
P.O. Box 683, Waco, Texas 767o3. 
Find out bow to ra is e y o u rs e lf from failu re to success in selling w ith us. E stab lish ed a c c o u n ts , j protecfe te rrito ry . Age no c rite r- ior. E stablish ed over 23 y e a rs 
Repete products W rite : L o n g h ­ orn W iper and Supply, 4122 Todd 
Lone, 
Austin, 
Tx 
78744, 
512-443-1614. 

Professional E xecutive 
Consultants In t’) 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO, Suite 44o 
512-736-2263 

ASSISTANT 
ADMINISTRATOR 

Eastway G eneral, a 115 bed acute care 
? 
|eneral hospital, has an im m ediate opening or an Assistant Adm inistrator. 

This individual w ill be responsible for various departm ents to include lab, x ray, m aintenance, and dietary. Responsibilities also include publication o f the 
Houst 
O rgan, news releases, and com m unity con­ tact. 

W e require an M .H .A . degree and one plus years experience. 
W e o ffe r a com­ prehensive benefit package and salaries commensurate w ith experience. 
For im ­ m ediate consideration, please send your resume to: 

M r. Ronald Colichia, 
Adm inistrator 

EASTWAY GENERAL HOSPITAL 
9 3 3 9 N orth Loop East 
Houston, Texas 7 7 o 2 9 

A Medenco Hospital 
An Equal Opportunity Employer M /f 

R 
O 
B 
E 
R 
T 
H 
A 
L 
F 
PERSONNEL AGENCIES 

 of San Antonio, Inc. 
Sub* 3 4o 
First N ational Sank Bldg. 
San A ntonie, Texas 782o1 
(5 1 2 ) 7 3 8 -2 4 6 7 

PROGRAMMER 
ANALYSTS 
Local Interview s W eek of June 1 3 -1 7 
N ational Company has multiple positions throughout 
South West and West Coast. Available fo r Programmer 
Analysts with 1-6 yrs. COBOL in a Univac or IBM OS environment. This firm provides professional computer consulting services to clients in the Financial, Insurance, 
Manufacturing and Governmential sectors. Candidates should enjoy working with state-of-the-art, hardware and software technology. Relocation and expenses are paid. 
Q ualified individuals are urged to telephone early this week for additional information or mail your resume, with current salary, today. 

W e P ro tect C andidates C o n fid e n tia l Search 
NO CONTRACTS— NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 
WORLD'S LARGEST FINANCIAL A FDP EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS 
Over SO Offices United States, Canada A Great Britain 

FULL CHARGE MANAGER 
Slax U Stuf 
Ladles Specialty Shop 
R e ta il s a le s e x p e r ie n c e w ith 
Missy custom ers im portant. M ut have selling and m om exp 
Ad vo n ce m e n t o p p o rtu n ity. F rin g e benefits, s ala ry + bonus. In te r ­ view w ith resum e. Apply In p e r­ son (no applications over phone) 
152 Central P ark M all. E qual op­ portunity em ployer 
I H ave opening for one Salesm an to 
' sell chain link fences and patio j covers. Good opportunity tor the 
! right person. Call 227-5411________ 

H O U S E W IF E , heres your chance j to m ake extra money w orking tor 
I a reliable Co. colling on local re- 
I tail stores. P re fe r som eone w ith 
I retail or departm ent store exper- j ience. Must have own tronsporta i tion, must be neat in appearance and able to handle people. This (a 
■ a p art tim e position with flexible i hours. Please call or send resum e 

1,o ; 
Banner W holesaler Inc 
PO BOX S326 
A R L IN G T O N , T X 76o11., 
' __________ 1-8oo-792-8737 
- im m e d ia te opening tor a g g re s ­ sive h a rd w o rk in g in d iv id u a l to w ork counter soles and d eliveries in grow ing equipm ent co m p o ry. 
2614 

 ern to r 
M ossrock 

C O N S TR U C TIO N M A N A G E R ex perience needed, superintendent, purchasing, contracting for m u l­ ti-fa m ily and c o m m e rc ia l c o n ­ struction co.. 
San 
Antonio. 
342-42S) 

IST PUBLIC OFFERING 
Now Opening New T errito ries 
Join our ra p id ly e xp a n d in g n a ­ tionw ide netw ork com puter sys­ tem as an owner operator of de­ tecting hot checks and bad credit 
: for businesses, lf selected, you will represent the w orld's largest com pany of Its kind P rim e pro fected territories still a vailab le in 
T e x a s . In v e s tm e n t r e a u ir e d - 
C A L L G E O R G A N N A M E T Z , 
M a r k e tin g D ir e c to r o f D A T A 
SEARCH, 342-8)83._______________ 
The leading motel, restaurant and lounge of Port A ransas now being offered for sale 12 units <6 beds, 6 
I k itc h e n e tte s ) a n d 5 c o tta g e s . 
M a n a g ers Q u arters , o ffic e and 

6o1 - PROFESSIONAL 
/T"ccn?eropp7o7uimyTT7ha g ro w in g Co is o p e n fo r th e p ro fe s s io n a l w ho can q u a lify . 
C om m ensurate s a la ry , o u tstand­ ing benefits and advancem ent od p o rtu in ity a re th e re w a rd s fo r your highest q u a lity c ra fts m a n ­ ship in the a re a of re p o re a nd caibration of E le c tro n ic , T e sts, 
In s tr u m e n ta tio n . M im m u n 3 yeors experience with references r e q u ir e d 
F o r m a l t r a in in g prefered. No others need apply. 
Send confidential resum e to 
E x ­ press News Box 4466, San Anton­ io, Tx 78297. 
BACHELOR D EG REE 

 a rT-f a nriUf r n n poo' Restaurant seats') 3o.'W ood v I ST A ^ 
o H er rn g y urn q u e 
J n n rk 
I burning fireplace, hwy frontage opportunity to gam personal and y f .t iL lic I Roo"? N>> expansion. $275,ooo For j professional experience in your fiv e club, health spa, fe s tiv a ls , details, call 1-512-749-5531 botanical reserve - you nam e it! 
Some renovation, furnishing and 1 Jr a m ,L a ^ E iM q R7Kr«»m.ih!t? h l V d e c o r changes a re n e c e s s a ry . ! f rom L a ck lan d , 7 com plete hoo- 
Appom tm ent only 698-2742. 

N O R T H S ID E 23 U nit M o tel. E x ­ ce lle n t condition. E x c e lle n t in ­ come 69o-859o_________________ ___ 

Own Your ow n Business" W hite 
Auto Stores, 391o C oll F ie ld R d 
Wichita Falls, Tx (817)692-341o 

P L A N T S A N D G IF T S 
N 'E o s t. 
Under $5ooo 655-5684, 655-4822 

 kups, n e ar e v e ry th in g , a ll u tili 
: tie s. M a n y p e c a n tre e s , r iv e r i fro n tag e w ith im p ro v e d p ic n ic 
I facilities. Room for 5 m ore fra ile r hook-ups. O w n e r fin a n c e d . By appt. only 
H U G H E S & BRISCO E 
924-4331 
R E A LTO R S 
675-o696 

IN THE CX pp I SS NEWS 
CAU 225-1666 

 chosen bels. T here a re poverty le v e l c o m m u n itie s th ro u g h o u t 
A m e ric a th at need y o u r ideas 
You m ust be fle x ib le , c re a tiv e , wilting to sim plify you life style, but you'll invest in an unforgetta 
Pie year. As a V IS T A volunteer, you'll re ce ive m odest liv in g al- 

CONSTRUCTION 
MANAGER TRAINEE 
$14,ooo P ER Y E A R 
Rapid advancem ent according to ability. G row th requires that w e hire a strong construction orient ed person who con learn to set the pace in a subdivision 
M ust be a g g re s s iv e , tough m in d e d a nd able to train his replacem ent. D e­ g re e h e lp fu l. Send re s u m e to 
Ram ada Homes Corp 781o Lethe. 
Houston, T X 77o75________________ 
CONTROLLER S3oK 
5 years af financial m anagem ent experience. K now ledge of d a ta p ro c e s s in g a n d a c c o u n tin g p ro c e d u re s . W h o le s a le e x p e r ­ ience helpful. E xcellent northside firm . Call M rs. M a rtin . B ankers 
E m p lo y m e n t 
S e r v ic e , 
87oo 
Crownhili, 828-6123 

COUNSELOR SUPERVISOR 
M as ters d e g ree in social w o rk , p s y c h o lo g y , o r b e h a v io r a l s c ie n c e . S u p e rv is e a s ta ff of counselors providing services to fam ily plonnng, e arly a b o rtio n , and s te riliz a tio n p a tie n ts a n d fam ilies. Non-iudgm ental attitude essential- P rio r su p erviso ry ex­ p e rie n c e and b ilin g u a l h e lp fu l. 

REGIONAL LAW 
ENFORCEMENT TRAINING 
COORDINATOR 
Southwest Texas Junior College, 
U v a ld e , T e x a s is s e e k in g a p ­ p lic a n ts fo r th e p o s itio n of 
R e g io n a l 
L a w 
E n fo r c e m e n t 
T raining C oordinator. M a jo r re ­ sponsibilities of the position w ill 
In c lu d e e s ta b lis h m e n t of a regional law e n fo rc e m e n t tr a in ­ ing aca d e m y on th e cam pus of 
Southwest T exas Ju n io r College to provide basic certification and advanced in -s erv ice tra in in g to law enforcem ent personnel e m ­ ployed within D im m itt. E dw ards, 
Kinney, LoSalle, M a v erick , Real, 
U valde, V al V e rd e , and Z a v a la 
Counties. A pplicants should Pos sess a bachelor's degree in a field re la te d to c r im in a l ju s tic e , a t least five years experience as a peace o ffic e r, an d hold a v a lid instructor certificate aw arded by the Texos C om m ission on L aw 
E n fo r c e m e n t S ta n d a r d s a n d 
E d u c a tio n . S a la r y o p e n . E m p a y m e n t to begin July I, 1977. 
Address inquiries to Dean Of In­ struction, Southwest Texas Junior 
College, 
Uvalde, 
Texas 
788o1 
512-278-5634. 
AN E Q U A L O P P O R U N IT Y 
E M P L O Y E R 
RICH and ASSO C IA TES 
E m ploym ent Service 
6*4o A Son Pedro 826-o661 

 lowance, m edical coverage, paid 
Contact Em erson Bell af 826-6336. v o c a tio n , e th e r b e n e fits . N a ; 
« _____« ______________ b « M " b tn ts please. C oll c o lle c t , 
CtfYB S8fYtCBS IRC 
(512)397-5925, ext 4 ------------------------ 
^ 
OSIO S o n P e d r o 

 tx p R tss a n d N fw s 
An Equol O pportunity E m p lo ye r 

S O C IA L W O R K E R S 
S P A N IS H S P E A K E R S lf you have experience you don't need a degree tf you have a de­ gree, V IS TA w ill give you exp er­ ience. But either w ay , your Ideas ore needed by poverty level com ­ m u n itie s th ro u g h o u t U .S . Y o u must be flexible, c reative, willing to simplify your life style, but the w ork is pure grass roots. L eg al aid, juvenile counseling, conser­ v atio n , housing, p u b lic h e a lth , small! buiness, you nam e It M any openings for J u ly , August, Sep­ tem ber p rogram s V IS T A volun­ te e rs re c e iv e m o d est liv in g a l­ lowance, m edico! coverage, paid v a c a tio n , o th e r b e n e fits . No dependents please C o ll C ollect 
(512) 397 5925, fext.4.______________ 

Steam Carnet Cleaner 
P ro fe s s io n a l o n ly . $15,ooo p e r y e a r. m ust hove ow n tru c k or von Call 684-313o________________ 
T e a c h e rs to r s -w e e k s u m m e r session; beginning June IS and to r school y e a r In e s ta b lis h e d h alt-day church pre-school. E x ­ perienced edu ca to rs p re fe rre d . 
Send resum e *« K indergarten Di- 
! rector, 722 Robinhood, 78zuv 

TEACHERS 
Specializing Teacher placem ent 
SPEARS Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828 1292 

AUDITOR TRAINEE $1 2 ,o o o 
^ Requires strong background in accounting. Accounting degree preferred, however BBA or BS with 15 hrs. min. 
) acctg. considered, recent college grad, most definitely will be considered. 

* 
BANK AUDIT TRAINEE $ 9 ,8 4 o 
> 3rd year income $ 15 ,oo o . Qualifications include: col­ lege degree, preferably in accounting or BBA with min. 
» 
15 hrs. in acctg. Work background to have included at least 6 mos. in a bank with some general ledger exp. t with that bank. 

, 
SALES ANALYST TRAINEE $ 1 o ,8 o o 
BS or BBA business required. This position offers an i oppty to begin your career as a sales marketing analyst. 
A complete and thorough training program is provided , 
’ to adequately develop your skills for a successful career in sales, eventually leading to mgmt. All business ex- < penses provided. 

8y appointment only 

^ U r h n iltp B llU TEin)jlDtimrnt ^ r r iw r 

^ 
1 2 5 9 J a c k s o n K e lle r 
3 4 2 - 2 3 9 1 

INSTRUCTORS 

Son Antonio College bos openings for instructors in the deportments of foreign languages, government, history, mathematics, physical education, reading, and speech. Qualifications, master's degree in appropriate sublet area required, additional graduate work preferred, evidence of successful teaching experience in post-secondary institution highly desirable. Special qualifications. Physical education: coach womens volleyball ond teach ac­ tivities courses; foreign languages: graduate major in Spanish, history. graduate major in U. S. history with Appropriate undergraduate stem, mathematics: 2 instructors, preferably one copable of teaching computer science, reodmg: two instructors both of whom should have u minimum of 18 hours specialization or certification in reading ond one of whom is to serve as a diagnostician in reading disabilities as well as teach dosses. Salary: com­ mensurate with salary schedule for experience and educational background for 9 month employment agreement. Fringe benefits. Closing dote: June 21, 
1977 Positions available August 22, 1977. Send letter of application, detailed vita inchdien oporopriote transcript, ond three recent references to choirman of appropriate department, San Antonia College, 13oo San Pedro Avenue, San 
Antonio, IX 78284. San Antonia College is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. 

ACCOUNTING 

CONTROLLER—Distributor................. 
$ 18,ooo 

AUDIT MANAGER—CPA Firm ................. 
$3o,ooo 

SYSTEMS MANAGER— 

Manufacturing.......................................................... $25,ooo 

TAX MANAGER—Oil A Gas.......................... 
$24,ooo 

FINANCIAL/MARKET ANALYST— 

Manufacturing......................................................... $18,ooo 

Call Jack Stewart 

8 2 8 - 5 5 7 3 
All Fees 1oo% Paid 
No Contracts to Sign 

SP Associates 
Professional Employment 
Consultants 
18oo N.E. loop 41o 
828-5573 

R E N T 
R IT E , 
341-6224 

IN S ID E SALES T R A IN E E 
Fantastic spat, notional com pany, 
G room for m gm t. self-m otivated 
$84oo call Phil Arroyo, 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 G ill R d . 

INSURANCE 
OPPORTUNITY 

Two individuals who need up to 
$7oo-$9oo p e r m o n th . 
D e liv e ry route o r in su ran ce e x p e rie n c e h e lp fu l, b ut not necessary. Please call: 
K E N N E T H K N O W LQ T O N 
828-3186 an equal opportunity com pany 

M anagem ent-type to run lu m b er y ard and h a rd w a re store in L a ­ redo. W illing to relocate. S ala ry open. M ust be b ilin g u a l. P le a s e reply to Express-New s Box 4468, 
San Antonio, Tx 78297 

PSYCHIATRIST 

The Beaumont State Center for Human Development, a facility of the Texas 
Department of Mental Health ond Mental Retardation, is now seeking a psychiatrist. This psychiatrist will pnmarilv be charged with the psychiatnc/medicol responsibilities for a 24-aed in-patient, short term residential treatment facility, providing sub-ocute care for adult clients. 

— Texas License 
— Must be Board eligible or Board certified 
— Salary commensurate with qualifications 
— Excellent employee benefits 

For more details, write or call: 

J. M . Mericle 
Personnel O fficer 
Beaumont State Center for Human Development 
P. O . Box 3 8 4 6 
Beaum ont, Texas 7 7 7 o 4 
7 1 3 /8 3 3 -1 4 8 5 , Ext. 32 

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EMPLOYER. 

M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
Radio Shock Has opening ta r col­ le g e g ra d u a te s in s to re m a n ­ agem ent trainin g p ro g ra m . 
732-3612._________________ 

M a n a g e r T r a in e e p o s itio n to r southw est^ fastest grow ing s te r­ eo chain. Young, a g g res s iv e , in ­ telligent. 828-2888 

M A N U F A C T U R E S 
R E P S w ith m inim un of 2 y ea rs e x ­ perience in gift or related dry good ite m s . N a tio n a l C o. moving to Texas w ant profes­ sional only, to sell d y n a m ic product to re taile rs. L im ited tr o w e l, to p c o m m is s io n , strong advancem ent opportunities. 
(214) 234-5614 
Send Resum e to: 
" D E S IG N S S P E C S " 
925 C. A L L E G H E N Y P L A C E 
R IC H A R D S O N , T X 75o8o 

M A R K E T IN G T R A IN E E 
Colp grad, co otters life tim e c a re e r 
$84oo call Betty G rant 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service. 96 G ill Rd. 
New sales positions: 3 young m en n eed ed fo r San A n to n io a r e a . 
$5oo+ w eekly, com plete tra in in g 
M u s t h a v e ow n tr o n s p . M r . 
M urphy 734-4266 

O U T S ID E S A L E S P E R S O N need ed w ith a r t o r in te r io r d e s ig n background, m ust be neat, p e r ­ sonable and w illing to hustle. Own transportation, s tra ig h t c o m m is ­ sion. Good fu tu re . F o r ap p o in t- m ent call 826-2162. 
| 

$2oo PER DAY 
E as y M o n e y -E o s y d e a l, W o rk your won own hour areo. Be your own boss, c a ll 
D a rre ll 
B lack 
(713)44o-178o 

................ 
SYSTEMS PROGRAMMER 

IBM ALC, DOS/VS and CIC5/VS experienced. 
SYSTEMS ANALYST PROGRAMMER 

IBM 37o/145, DOS/VS and CICS/VS. Developing medical-oriented doto communication system!. ALC language helpful. 
Exrellent working conditions and fringe benefits. 
Apply in person or submit complete resume to: 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
P O Box 7 3 3 o 
Station A 
San Antonio, Tx 7 8 2 8 5 equal opportunity em ployer 

Phaimeiitteal Sales 
Excellent opportunity with estab­ lished com pany in the San Anton­ io area, salary, expenses, bonus, i car furnished, Blue Cross m a jo r m edical. College degree re q u ire d i w ith b a ckground in c h em is try biology, pharm acy or m arkeftna 
’V9ev 
F o r im m e d ia te lo ca l in te r v ie w w rite 
Express-N ew s 
Box 
4413, 
78297. a 

P H O N E SALES dovs or nights, full tim e and p a rt tim e , w ill tr a in you to e a r n 
$1oo-515o a w eek. 
349-4219, 
349-4397 
_______________ 

 fflOOF cqaisultamT 
- 
W ant m a tu re , h a rd w o rk in g in dividual. N eat appearance, m ust m eet people well. Incentive plan, 
4o hr w eek, 3 evenings. Olan M ills 
P ortrait Studio 828 6175 for appt. 

P U B LIC REL A TIO N S M G R . 
Local Office of Prestigeous 
LA K E W A Y R E S O R T 
R E.License- com m plan 
Call M r. Simmons, 828-9696 

CAU 225 -1 66 6 
IS 2 2 5 -' 6 6 o 
E X PR E SS A N D NI W S 

R E A L E S TA TE SALES 
Fine homes for fine fam ilies. F o r personalized tra in in g (no e x p e r­ ience needed) call 
Interstate. 828 o755 'HI 8 
CALI 2 25 1666 
I 

\ 

N O N-COMMERCIAL! 

CANCELLABLE WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
TEXAS SIZE ^ ^ ^J^1666 
^ SAVINGS 
1 7 

2 LINES 
IO DAYS 
QUICK RESULTS! 

6o1 • PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o2 SALES 
SALES 

R 
+ 
# 
R O B E R T W IL F 

P i R 
S 
O 
N 
N 
E t 
A 
G 
E 
N 
C 
I E 
S 

 o f Sort A n to n io , Inc. 
Suite 34o firat Notional Bonk Bldg. 
Son Antonio, Texas 783o1 
(S U ) 736-3467 

P A R T IA L L IS T IN G 

V P FINANCE....................................................... 527,5oo 

Min. IO yrs. ' Honds on hardgoods mfg Will be promoted to Generol 
Mgr of facility in short period of time. 

CONTROLLER........................................................ S18,ooo 

New rapidly growino to. Prefer 
Aon business bkgd Will consider either public or private industry Std cost helpful. 

SENIOR SYSTEMS AN ALYST....................................$23-3o,ooo 
Will deal with top m gm t of growth co BA BS - < 

 m fg system s exp reqd. Also MRP, hdw sftw selection or suprv exp 

Will deal with top m gm t of growth co BA BS - engineer pf d. five years m fg system s exp reqd. Also MRP, hdw sftw selec helpful. Medico! equipment mfg. 

SCIENTIFIC PROGRAMMER.................................... to $25,ooo 

Degree reqd. EE, Moth or CS. Real-time assem bly long exp on any m ini or micro system. Energy conservation industry. 

W e Protect C andidates C onfidential Search 
NO CONTRACTS— NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 
WORLD S LARGEST FINANCIAL & FDP EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS 

Over SO Offices United States, Conodo & Greot Britain 

Manufacturing 
Career Opportunities 

Im mediate career opportunities for expanding building product 

 m anufacturer seeking experienced, aggressive, professional can­ 

 didates with manufacturing, engineering, or related production 

 background. O penings exist at Bryon, Texas for 

• A rc h ite c tu ra l E stim a to r 

Musf hove drafting background with degree in Engineer­ 

 ing or related field! 

P ro d u c tio n S u p e r v is o r s 

With alum inum windows, building products or related lite 

 m onufocturing experience Oegree preferred but a suc­ 

 cessful record of accomplishm ents is more important. 

For interview coll: 
P h il K a p p 
( 2 1 4 ) 3 5 o - 3 7 6 1 or send resume in confidence to: 
REDMAN 
In d u str ie s , Inc. 

S S O W a ln u t H ill la n e 
D a lla s, TX 7 5 2 2 9 

 equal opportunity em ployer M/ F 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
NO UNWANTED 
TRANSFERS 

Must hove recent retail supervisory experience in one or more of the following deportments: Men s, Ladies' or 

Children's Wear; Fabrics; Linens, Shoes,- Cosmetics. Good 

 pay, good bonus, m any benefits. Closed Sundays, 

 reasonable hours. 
Coll or write Mr. Brenner 

Or Mr. Grimm for confidential appointment 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
118 Soledad, San Antonio 782oS (S IJ ) 225-7163 

PHYSICAL SCIENTIST 
Witti knowledge of physics and mathematics at the 
I graduate school level as applied to atmospheric science, meteorology, radiative transfer and transmissivity. Able to specify, design, implement and update computer programs and otherwise use digital computers as problem solving tools. A self-starter, able to articulate ideas and com­ municate effectively in both written and spoken English. 
Able to qualify for a security clearance. M aster's degree with 3 years' experience in solution of applied problems in scientific methodology. Salary: DO E. Deadline for ap­ plication is 3 o June 1977. Minorities and women are urged to apply. Send resume to Personnel Office, Depart­ ment 195K, Physical Science Laboratory, N M SU , P O . 
Box 3 5 4 8 , Las Cruces, N M 88 o o 3 . A N EQ U A L E M P LO Y ­ 
M ENT 
O PPO RTU NITY/AFFIRM ATIVE 
PLOVER 
A C T IO N 
EM- 

TELEPHONE SALES 

W e need 3o good people willing to work and to learn the Telephone Sales Profession. 

N o E x p e r ie n c e — 
W e T rain 

F ree P a r k in g — 
O n B u s Line 

S a l a r y + B o n u s 

225-2819 
Mr. Albert 

A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em p lo ye r 

6o2 SALES 
6o2-SALES 

ALI POSITIONS FEE PAID 

PACESETTER 
...$18,ooo 

O utstanding opportunity in 

Son Antonio with notonwide 

 pharmaceutical company. 

Requirements 
- college 

 degree ■ proven record in 

 sales and merit credentials • 

 fam ily type, stable in ­ 

 dividual. FEE PAID. Call Groce 

 for appointment. 

PLUS PERFORMER 
...$16,ooo 
One of the leading com­ 

 panies in diagnostic in ­ 

 strum entation has a sales 

 position in the Houston oreo. 

The opportunity is unlimited, 

 but they require ouolity 

 plus, which will be well com ­ 

 pensated 
S 
S 
S 
, 
(or, expenses and National com ­ 

 pony benefits. Experience — proven tract record. Degree 

— A Must! Act now — I con t 

 stress enough the reputabili­ 

 ty of this num ber I company 

 and they will be inter­ 

 viewing imm ediately in San 

Antonio. EEE PAID. Coll Groce 

 for appointment. 

828-9o67 

We 8aby Our Clients ’ 
SALES TRAINEE 
...$14,5oo 
Interviews will begin im ­ 

 m ediately for a first line 

 notional firm .,. Seeking a 

 sales representative for their 

 personal care products 

 division. 
Com pany offers 

 superior training program. 

Candidates applying m ust 

 hove a college degree and 

 obility to organize and 

 motivate themself. Son A n ­ 

 tonio based. FEE PAID. Call 

Anna for appointment. 
POSSIBILITY PLUS 
...$15,ooo 

+ Bonus + car and e x­ 

 penses 
= 
Money. 
Na­ 

 tionwide com pony in ­ 

 terviewing M onday in our o f­ 

 fice for the 
San 
Antonio 

Area 
Need qualified can­ 

 didates ASAP. Requirements 

- Some experience prefer­ 

 red, will consider deon cut, 

 self m otivated college graduate. 
FEE 
PAID. 
Call 
Anna for appointment. 

/ r f f f u <■' ,r/ x M r / f/ / t v 
SALES 
3 o N .I. lo o p 4 I O 
Suite 2 o 9 
Placement Service 

SALES REPRESENTATIVE 

First year earnings up to $15,ooo to $1t,ooo. Second year up to 
$22,ooo. For Hie top notch person thoro is no limit. Wo are the distributor of an environmental product manufactured by e division of a Fortune IOO Company. Wo ore interviewing this weak to fill a locol territory, tf you havo Hie ability to perform proven solos techniques, and wish to accept an exciting challenge in a new and growing field coli Mr. Hubert 349 4 o5 3 for an immediate interview. 

TEXAS ENVIRONMENTAL 
Tm 
PRODUCTS 

I J J D l t m i t U T O n F O R 
POLLUTION CONTROL PRODUCTS, INC. 

A COM SQI IO ATCS SOOOX COMPACT ■ n i# * Q * S ‘V£ TO CONSUMER NECOS 

U SAA LIFE INSURANCE 
C O M P A N Y 

 has an immediate need for a 
Senior Life Sales 
Representative 

A minimum of two to three years ordinary life insurance sales experience, two to three parts CLU, plus college education preferred. 
(Not an outside or commission sales position.) 

Position Offers: 

• Career Employment 

• Excellent Benefits 

• Salary based upon qualifications 

• Increases based upon performance 

Apply in Person 

7 :3o - 4:3o M onday, Tuesday, W ednesday 

7:3o - 6:oo Thursday, Closed Friday 

United Services Automobile Association 

E m p lo y m e n t O ffic e 

9 8 o o F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R o a d 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 J 977 

LICENSED 
Hearing Aid Consultant 

Full time hearing aid salesperson. Must be State 
Licensed. 5-day 4o-hour week with paid vacation and 9 holidays, employee discount on purchases, and retirement plan. 
Profit sharing, group hospitalization and life insurance available. Apply: personnel office. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F 
Sears Downtown Pioza Store 

6o2 SALES 

6o4 TECHNICAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 

REAL ESTATE CAREER NIGHT 
W ould you like to know more about a full time career in real estate and the advantages that only Red Carpet can offer? lf you live in N O RTH W EST San Antonio, let us show you how Red Corpet, through our soles schools, in­ office video tape training, national referral service and extensive TV advertising, can turn your personal success commitment into a rewarding lifetime career. Come whether you are licensed or not. 
M o n d a y , June 6, 7 P.M . 
CALL 699-1133 for Your Reservation Now 

Corner o 
A Babcock Roads 

AUTOMOBILE 
PROFESSIONALS 
JOIN THE#! CHEVY TEAM 
IF YOU HAVE 
SALES EXPERIENCE. 
APPLY IN PERSON 
TO 
CHUCK WALLENDORF 
Tom Benson 
( 
M 
? f c 

9 4 o o S A N P E D R O 
An equal opportunity employer. 

SALES 

DISTRICT MANAGER— Consumer Products .... $ 2 2 , 5 o o 

NUCLEAR INSTRUMENTATION SALES............ $ 3 o , o o o 

PATIENT CARE EQUIPMENT SALES............. $ 2 5 , o o o 

REGIONAL MANAGER— Food.................... $ 3 o , o o o 

COMPUTER SALES................................ $ 2 5 , o o o 

B y A p p o in t m e n t O n ly 

C a ll S a n d y H o w a r d 

8 2 8 - 5 5 7 3 

All Fees 1oo% Paid 
No Contracts To Sign 

SP Associates 

Professional Employment 

Consultants 

^ 
18oo N.E. loop 41o 
^ 
828-5573 

EXPERIENCED AUTOMOBILE SALES 

W e have excellent products from $ 3 3 o o to 
$ 1o,ooo in our Chrysler-Plymouth Line. W e offer Paid Vacation, Demo, Above Average 
Commission Plan, M an y Com pany Benefits. 
W e are Looking for Stability, Desire to make better than Average Income and ex­ cellent working conditions. 

H 
W 
. - ! B e k d 
E d s ‘ , r 9 e n ' o n l l , l 

J A C K R IE G E R 
C H R Y S L K R - R L Y M O U T H 

58oo SAN PEDRO 
7 3 3 4 2 1 1 

^ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
£ 
EDUCATIONAL SALES J 

W e have an outstanding opportunity for an experienced, professional sales person, or will train adminis­ trator/teacher wishing to embark on a sales career with a leading educational publisher, selling well known read­ ing and other curriculum materials to schools and libraries and other educational institutions in Southern 
Texas. Position available Sept. I, 1977. Completely protected territory. Permanent position. Draw against commission, insurance, other benefits. All responses con­ fidential. Reply with FULL biographical data. Include telephone contact. Write: Dr. Alex B. Platt, VP, Grolier 
Educational Corp., 8 4 5 Third Ave., N.Y. 1oo22. An equal opportunity employer. 

( ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ i l l 

R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S , We need 
3 tun time licensed agents in our 
Southside office. Our com m ission schedule is the best. Exce lle n t opportunity tor large com m ission income. In residential and farm and ranch sales 
924-4381 
H IT E S 494-2355 
Hughes & Briscoe R E A L T O R S 
R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S M A N needed. M ust have license. Salary p lu s c o m m is s io n . C H A R L E S 
W ATTS R E A L E S T A T E 732 2918, 
732-5355, 228-91o4. 

$175 R f D riv e rs $225wk 
P re vio u s route sale s exp. Natl. 
Co. J o y c e 533-9 1 7 7 J o b s In c. 
Placement 
Service 
2817 
E 
Southcross 
SALES AND PR 
4 to 5 day work week, personable, alert and neat, rent the best car­ pet cle a n e r to p u b lic . M o n t ­ gom ery W ards in W onderland, 
654-2378 

R e ce p tion ist S o le s R e p r es en a five, excellent opportunity salary 
+ co m m issio n . C a ll: N a tio n a l 
Fire System s 736-13o9. 

I H I N U M B E R TO C A I I 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

PEACE Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A E I 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

Residential Real Estate 
Would you like a great amount of floor time with a large num ber of phone calls. H igher com m issions, m a ssive a d v e rtisin g p ro g ra m , continuous professional training and b ro k e r su p p o rt. F o r c o n ­ fid e n tia l in te rv ie w c a ll B o b 
Rodgers at 
828-57o4. 
Nites I 
653-6382. 
Century 21 

IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

SALES 
Encyclopaedia Britannica 
Direct Sales • Top Com m 
732-21oS 
S A L E S E N G : Y o u r opty to m ake 
Top management, A A A rated ca 
$96oo call Randy H ires 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G B S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
Sales, good opp., new co., exp, na travel, fee pd 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-U73 

THE A C T IO N N U M B E R 
FO R FAST R E SU LTS 
PLACE T O U R W A N T A O 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A IL 2 7 S - I 6 6 6 

SH O P AT HOM E 
CONSULTANT 

 for drapery sales. 
Must have previous drapery sales experience, transportation in 
San Antonio area and ability to process orders. 

A p p ly P e r s o n n e l O ffic e 3 r d F lo o r 
Joske’s of Texas 

A la m o P la z a S to r e equal opportunity employer 

LICENSED { 

REAL 
J 

ESTATE 
J 

SALESMEN * 

4 
Salary Plus 
£ 

Commission 
M 

Group Life 
^ 

 and Health 

Retirement 
£ 

Plan 
- K 

•4 
349-3924 < 

TO 

$6o,ooo.oo 

Come join the com pony 

 that h o i soles people 

 w ho eorn top 
SSSS. 

Drow + Expenses + 

Bonus. We re the # 1 ring m anufacturing 

 compony. You can find 

 our fine line in retail 

 stores everywhere. 

Young or old, if you 

 know you con sell; if 

 you aren't afraid of 

 nard work; if you like to 

 travel; and most of all, if you aren t content 

 with a $2o,ooo per yeor 

 lob— Call 

Call J. Vago 

Mon.-Thurs. 

9 A.M.-5 P.M. 

. 2 2 6 - 4 3 6 1 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Residential 
W e ore acce p tin g a p p lica tio n s 

 fo r o u r so o n -to -o p e n W a lze m 

R o o d 
O ffice. 
E x te n siv e in ­ 

 h o u se tra in in g p ro g ra m . For 

 c o n fid e n tia l in te rv ie w call Bill 

M c G in n is o f 4-94 -7651. 

Com m ercial 

 im m e d ia te o p e n in g s fo r e x ­ 

 p e rie n ce d sa le sp e o p le . 
Call 

M r. K lin e at 8 2 8 -9 9 o 1 . 

 k o s o w & k t o m . 

SALES REPS 
PHARMACEUTICALS 
$13 K 
Salary + Bonus + Car 
MBA, Experienced 
$2o-21 K 
Salary + Commission + Car 
HOSPITAL EQUIPMENT $23 26 K 
Salary + Commission + Cor 
FOOD MANAGER 
$2o 25 K 
Base Salary -F Bonus -t- Car 
DISTRICT MANAGER - 
BOATS 
$2o-25 K 
Salary + Commission -F Car 
HBA, Entry level 
$12-13 K 
Salary 4- Commission + Car 
CHEMICALS 
$15-25 K 
Salary + Bonus + Cor 
PLANT EQUIPMENT 
$25 K 
Salary + Cor 

All positions fee paid by client companies. 

Send resume or toll M ary Brodley 
Dunhill 

/'F.'M.sfFN N M . St:H I ll I 

S E L L IN G 
INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS 
TO INDUSTRY 

Hand and electric tools, 

■ machine shop expendables, * paint and hoisting equipment: 
A Traveling Required 
* Prior experience necessary 
* 
Salary 
* Commission 
* fringe bonefits 
For appointment call 
Eftie Spenrath 
223-18o1, ext. 477 
THE P E R R Y 
S H A N K L E C O . 

Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

• WANTED • 

ORDER DESK 

EMPLOYEE for lumbar and 
Hardware Sales 

 fulltim e perm anent em 

 p a y m e n t lum b er of building 

 m aterials experience ntces tory 

MISSION HARDWOOD 

LUMBER CO. 

Cab for Appt. 

512-534-61o7 

R E A L ESTATE 

S A L E S P E O P L E 

• • 
STOP. 

CALL 655-7641 

And discuss in confidence your becoming a 
REALTOR ASSOCIATE with 
WHITE-WYATT 

ASSOCIATES, INC. 

3211 NACOGDOCHES RD. 

Excellent Compensation 

HONEST ENDEAVOR 
This is the opportunity you ve 

 dreomed of Drive o new (or al 

 oui expense, you ran get $2oo a 

 month allowance Diess the best 

 way possible at oui expense. 
(an you give us 4o hrs a week o! honest endeavor? (an you 

 m ake ends meet with $2,ooo a 

 m onth? lf this sounds 

 outrageous to you, save youi time and ours lf this is wtieie 

 you wont to be 

See Mr. Burch, June 6 
Room 419 At I PM . lo Quinta Motor Inn 
Airport Cast 
333 NE loop 41o 

DRAFTER 

Permanent position in San Antonio for individual with minimum 2 years experience in site plan preparation for small commercial buildings. Excellent benefits. Please send resume and salary requirement to: 

B o b C a m p a n i 

PO Box BHoo1 78284 

Cquaf O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

DATAPOINT 
SYSTEMS ENGINEER 

Dallas firm needs S i to help in 

 stall ond achieve m axim um 

 usoge from new equipm ent 

DATABUS and DAIASHARf will be 

 utilized fee paid, please roll or 

 send resume to Rkhotd Kern 

 merly 
(214) 63/ 636o 
Salary: 

S IS K t o ? 

DATA PROCESSING 

CAREERS, INC. 

Suit* 11o9 Stemmons Twr W 

Dallas, TX 752o7 

Personnel Consultants 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 

We ore looking for people in 

 forested in pursuing a (areel in 

RI Al ESTATF 
We offer on ex cellent com mission schedule, plus 

 extensive com pony wide training a i l FOR AN INTERVIEW 

344 -62 o7 

DEANIE 

OWENS CO. 

RE A LT O R S— M IS 

N W EST O K . 

Aircraft 
Draftsman 

Salary commensurate with experience. Con­ tact John Chapman. 

The Dee Howard Co. 

512-828-1341 

 afuet of e>’'w in* M i p in ** 

CITY OF HOUSTON 

M a n a g e m e n t a n d in fo r m a t io n s y s t e m s d e p a r tm e n t. 
A n e x p a n d in g d e p a r t - m e n t w ith e x c e lle n t g r o w t h p o te n tia l n e e d s im m e d ia t e ly : 

SYSTEMS ANALYST 

Operation 
Analyst experience preforming technical work on system problems and their subsequent resolutions. Analarers documents work procedures and techniques. Must have thorough knowledge of computer operations. 

PROGRAM M ERS 

Prepare and maintain complex business pro­ grams. 
C O B O L . 
Excellent opportunity to receive software training for right individual. 
Minimum 2 years program ming experience. i 

COMPUTER OPERATORS 

Excellent opportunity for Peripheral operators, console operators and tape librarian with at least I year experience in data processing. 
Training offered in all phases of computer operations. Experience on H O N EY W ELL 6 o o o series preferred. 

Outstanding benefits package. Free life/health and sick leave. Pension program for secure retirement. 

SEND RESUME TO: 

CIVIL SERVICE EMPLOYMENT 
CITY OF HOUSTON 
PO BOX 1562 
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77oo1 

E Q U A L O P PO R T U N IT Y EM PLO Y ER M /F 

ENGINEERING 
LABORATORY TECHNICIAN 
An outstanding opportunity exists in our air conditioning development and evaluation laboratory for an individual with a talent and desire for a typical career. Associate Degree in air conditioning is required and experience in an engineering laboratory is a plus. Q u ali­ fied applicants are encouraged to apply in 
★ ★ ★ ★ ■ A ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ * ■ person as soon as possible 

Floor Covering 
SALES 

Excellent Opportunity 
For experienced 
Carpet Sates Person 

To become assoc iared with San Antonio's oldest 
& most respected floor covering store. 
, A Salary 4- Commission 
A Co. Car - Paid Vacation 
A Group Hospitalization 
A Profit Sharing 
A Excellent working conditions 
Apply in Person Only 

O ’K R E N T F L O O R 
C O V E R IN G 
3oo San Pedro 

MANAGER 

$3o,ooo yearly. No travel or in ­ 

 vestment. 
M ust be in soles 

 m anagem ent now. Our com pany 

 is IS yrs. ald and the unquest­ 

 ioned leader in its field. Offices 

 in over SO ma|or US cities, with 

 on annual growth of over 4 o % . 

M ust be of superior character, o 

 top soles person ond capable of 

 taking over increasing respon­ 

 sibilities in sales ond m a n a g e ­ 

 ment. 

Cull JOHN BRANNON 
6 5 3 - 8 1 1 2 

RIAL ESTATE AGENTS 

We ate accepting applications for licensed Real Estate Agents. 
A Generous commission split 
A Great Location (Blanco at 
4 1 o ) 
A National Referral service 
(over 45oo oHices) 
A Professional Training 
A Excellent Sales Aids 
A Extensive National TV 
Advertising for confidential interview, call 
HOWARD TATE 
341-9166 
CENTURY 21 

A positive progressive Real 
Estate compony is looking for agents who desire manage ment who will back them up with training ond personal at­ tention. licensed or we wilt sponsor for license 

Call LORIN STINER 

696-992o 
HOHENBERGER. 
COLIINS CO. 

J 
IMMEDIATE OPENING 

 j 4 A Master antenna systems 
4 A Intercommunications 
4 A PA Systems 

^ 
Experienced in all phases 
; 4 - necessary 

4 Antenna Specialty 
* 
Enterprises 

^ 43o5 McCullough 
826-2343 

* 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

Civil DRAFTSMAN 
TECHNICIAN j E x p e rie n c e in street d ra in a g e and sewerage layout. Established 
1 *lrrn gntl qoocl benefits. 655-7223 
Civil Eng Techniciait 
> Position open For Civil Engineer ing Technician for person exper­ ienced in drafting. W ork consists of street, d ra in a g e , s a n it a r y se w e r a n d w a te r d istrib u tio n plans ond profiles, perm anent po sitlon, salary open depending on qualifications. 824-9494 

 ie dr tell 

A Division of Wyloin Int 

4 2 o o N P a n A m E x p r e s s w a y 
P .O . B o x I 5 4 o , S a n A n t o n io , T x 7 8 2 9 5 

An equal opportunity employer 
Male/Fem ale 
_____ _ 

6o6-ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

6o6 ADMINISIRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

C O M P U T E R O P E R A T O R , min I yr experience. 5 day week, full benefit package including profit sharing trust. 
Call tor appt. 
224-o7 ll 
D R A F T IN G A L L K IN D S 
Too m any to list. Top money. Call 
Rick 878-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

GETZ 
“ The old est p est co ntrol co m p a n y in 
T ex a s” 

 needs m ature, responsible 
S A L E S P E O P L E 

We offer an excellent future 

 with good fringe benefits in ­ 

 cluding retirement 

 apply 122B W. Rhapsody 

$7oo Elec. Tech $9oo 
Natl Co. Needs 2! Future A all fringes Dave Crisp 923 4367 Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilitary __________________ 
E N G IN E E R S - H V AC , Electrical, 
Stru c tru ra l with exp e rien ce on e d u c a tio n a l o r c o m m e r c ia l protects. Apply Caudill, Rowlett, 
Scon, t m w Loop South, H o u s­ ton, Texas 77o27, E O E . 
E X P R A D IO IN S T A L L E R S , top pay for experien ced Installers. 
Call M r Newhall at 734-5317 . 

— 
J 

GREETING 
CARD SALES 
NetiMal peatiei u r4 ce km Ttxei itfhtwy eveilehle Im iX tt parte* 
It it* lf w all I b f !ak N it (raft- icy erne lf 4ntf A u f ffl, ttritff B c h n item . Mutt k m p m * Mitt recent md St BMJ M O U L Salary + car + Hayti 4- kaaai arranyaawal. 
Aa iyaal Off.rt.arty f raft ay ar Cat! far interview 
725-1211 
BaraarB jakarta al Hair Say lax, 218 Wail 
Oaraayf J*,, Sat Aataara, Sat., i n c ilk kalwaaa 2 md 6 pja aaly. 

K 
S 
M 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

$825/$975 
PER WEEK POSSIBLE 

To person who qualifies. 
Houston based firm needs aggressive in­ dividual to start local sales organization. 

Call Joe Early 

(713) 44o-178o 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Instructor A ir Craft Maintenance. 
A-P licence, m lm im um 5 yrs. a ir­ craft m a in te n a n c e e x p e rie n ce required. Teaching b a ckgro u n d preferred. 924-8551. 

PROGRAMMER 

Applicants must have 2 years ex­ perience with 
RPG lf. 
Must be capable of working independently in all phases of programming concepts and practice. 

Provide resume to: 
SECURITY SERVICE 
FEDERAL CREDIT U N IO N 
PO BOX 27377 
San Antonio, Tx 78227 

Interviews will be by appointment only. 
Salaries Based on qualificabort*. 

 equal opportunity employer 

K E Y T A P E O P E R A T O R , exper ienced only need apply S a la r y - dependent on exp. 349 1279 
National a la rm com pany needs 
Se rvice T echn ician for Sa n A n ­ tonio area. Gooa pay and benefits 
Call 828 55o3 
N E E D 
Experienced structural and form detailers. Paid vacation and ben eflts. M odern Form Co. Inc., 3o9 
Breesport 349-2189 

L 

 l # 
■ 

N ationally affiliated local co m ­ pany in unique field. Som e col­ lege, direct sale s and tra in in g e x p e rie n c e re q u ire d 
We ore seeking a highly motivated, emo­ tionally m ature person able to succeed. A financially rew arding opportunity. Call for appt. Friday 
9-12 or 2-6 only. Sat. and Sun. 9-12 only 349-3119 
SALESMAN 

SALES REPRESENTATIVE 
Phon ograp h record d istrib u to r has opening for representative to cover the San Antonio and Corpus 
C h risti areas. E xce lle n t o p p o r­ tunity tor dep e n d ab le p e rso n . 
Late model car necessary. Salary plus expenses. Send resum e to: 
HANDLEMAN CO 
2931 IRVINS SIVB 
DALLAS, TEXASJ5247 

DEAWE OWENS COMPANY 
NEEDS YOU NOW! 
We have imm ediate openings for 

 three licensed Real Estate sales people 
We offer on excellent 

 commission schedule plus e x­ 

 tensive com pany wide training. 
Call far interview 
924-7311 
45o S.W. Military Dr. 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— NUS 
S. Central Ole. 

P rogra m m e r, degree, e xp IB M 
37o, top lob, advance 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
R E T A IL E R Large natl co 
Needs top person, benefits-t- promotions 
$1o,ooo call Randy Hires, 732-224! 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
S T R U C T U R A L A N D M IS C 
S T E E L D E T A IL E R 
Full time, 45 hour wk paid vaca­ tion and holidays, Insurance and other benefits. Send resum e to: 
JO E B U SH , P O. Box 4475, AUS tin, 
T exas 
512-385-4727. 

Applications ara being accepted fov 
ACCO UNTANT 

W ill consider person with accounting degree or experience and some college level training. 

A p p ly in Person 

1o:3o a.m. - 4:3o p.m., Monday-Frirfay 

P e rso n n e l O ffic e 

D o w n to w n 
FROST BROTHERS 

J 

78742. ar call 

2x6 C IT Y O F H O U ST O N 

6o5 RESUMES 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
E c o n -o R e s o u rc e s, 42o4 C o r dendole, 699-1o15 
__________ 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

Salesm an to take ch a rg e of e s­ tablished territory in South Tex­ as. Sell and service top quality line of artist material and letter­ ing products. Calling on statutory, hardw are, art, paint and m a ss m erchan disers. D raw , expense and o u tsta n d in g b o n u s a r r a n ­ gem ent. Send re su m e of last 5 years to Tom Mathews, C-o Ouro 
Arts Supply Co., 1832 June W ay 
Terrace, Chicago, IL 6o626.______ 
SALES S65o+M 
1233 
SN 
M ilitary 
922-2711 J U 
Experts he. Placement 
Service 
S A L E S $624o 
New exciting career for you today. Call W ayne 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
C o n s u lt a n t s 9o! N E L o o p 41o 

SC H O O L T E A C H E R S 
Earn tram $1,ooo to $2,ooo tor ti days work starting June 24-July 4. 
Write M r. W Firew orks Inc., PO 
Box 114, Somerset, T X 78o69 

STUDENTS Surcoats 
E X C E L L E N T S U M M E R 
E A R N IN G S O P P O R T U N IT Y 
E a rn $4-$8 per hour (we'll prove it) Flexible hours, no experience necessary. Q ualify for valuable awards, your choice of on A M F M protable radio, 8-track p laye r, video gam e, Colum bia 1o-speed bicycle + m any mare super star a w a rd s. C all F u lle r P r o d u c t s 
Center 494-5812________ ________ _ 
Telephone Sales Professional* 
$4.oo per hour call 684.4488 
No phone interviews 

SALESPERSON 
WANTED! 

I f u id w h it# tv minim §. Smmm 
[setts experience preferred] 

Call Mr. laclmwii 

Accounting M achine Operator 
To operate N C R 4oo, one y e a r b o o k k e e p in g e x p e rie n c e required. Excellent benefits. Call 
828-6344. 
Career, degree, relocate, exciting opportunity, $9,ooo, fee od 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
Caunter (salary nag) 
1233 
S» 
Military 
922-2711 Jib 

 rn 

JETCRAFTERS INC ^ 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE CLERK 

Jetcrafters has an immediate requirement Eat an ex­ perienced accounts payable clerk to handle accounts receivable, accounts payable, bank reconciliation, light typing, filing, posting general ledger. 

Interested applicants should send resume ta: 

T.C. C a rle y 
JETCRAFTERS INC 
P O Box 3 2 6 2 2 
S a n Antonio, TX 7 8 2 16 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

227-5o51 I toils 

S o v ie t 

WESTERN STORE 
D u * to expansion. M a n a ge r and 
M anager Trainees wanted. M ust be honest and dependable Good salary plus com m ission. M ust be willing to relocate. COH M r. Smith, 
512-341-o431. 

M R Moi lllMNP 
Im m e d ia te o p e n in g l o r a n in ­ dividual with strong bookkeeping and loan processing background. 
Credit Union experience strongly desired. Send resum e to E x a re ss 
News Box No 4334, 78297 

WANTED IN THIS AREN 
• 
^ 
NCT* 
R I W I U I I I I I VUG 
F a rm tri Insurant:* Cir ann aff# 

SALESPERSON 
S ta ll SIHI 
Ladies Specialty Shop 
M ature salesperson with selling experience, customer service and multiple sales a r* the of the game, 
5 day week, fringe benefits. N a inform ation o r ap p licatio n s a c ­ cepted over the phone, apply in person, 152 Central P a rk M all, lower level. Equal opportunity employer.________________________ 

3 PEOPLE WM CAN SEL! 
E a rn op to $2oo to $3oo a week to start. Experien ce preferred but: will train people with sales poten­ tial Leads furnished Call 732-1139 
A n equal opportunity com pony 

F o r m a n Insurance G roup offers com plete tra in in g p ro g ra m and all typos ot insurance. Continue present lob w hit* starting your own agency an part tim * basis 
Training and supplies furnished. 
For a confidential interview, con­ ta c t S a le s M a n a g e r , J e r r y 
M c D o u | a k ^ b ^ a M l n y 2 A 7 5 7 3 ^ ^ 

Director of Finance Accounting m anagem ent. 
M A required 
128-54)1 

15 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 
E X P R C S S A N D N I.W k 

W e a re interested in people to m a n a ge our sta n d s in the Sa n 
— 
..... — 
Antonio and Austin araas. It en- 
M f - Irh n m C flf tolls som eone ta sail fire w o rk s mmmmmmmm— mm and to have the necessary help on the 3rd ond 4fh of July 
It olso requires someone that can be at the location 24 hours each d a y ; or have someone there offer closing 
We would like to talk with you and i d isc u ss our operation in detail, j 
Please call and set up an appoint­ m ent w ith us. 512-422-3112 O r 
Write Mr. W. Firew orks Inc. PO 
Box 114, Somerset, Tx. 78o49 

HNXKEFKI NEEDED starting Juno lith , m ust havo 5 yr. e x p e r ie n c e in a c c o u n ts receivable and payable, financial statem ents, ch e ck in g accounts, income reports. 4o Hr. wk. 9 To 5. 
Hospital Insurance plan and paid vacation. Cal! 349-4383 for inter­ view. 
M u st have resum e ond references 

ExperiencedCollector-Repo stet sar with record for oldest adjust­ ing agency in 
San 
Antonia. 
434-1121. 
F E E P A ID $1ooo 
This is th * b o ss I w ould like ta h a v a lf I w a rp a b o o k k e e p e r. 
Benefit* foot 
R ich a rd 
Seed 

Finney 41 As soc ta ic s Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Catloghan No3W 
F IE L D R E P R E S E N T A T IV E 
H ah co will train, cor provid ed 
*84oo call D an Daniels, 732-22M 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 94 GHI Rd. 

FIELD OFFICE 
MANAGERS AND 
TRAINEES 

Accounting-General Business 
Deyr**, ot equivalent en portent*. Mast ha witling ta relocate. Salary wiil depend 

 a w iiwDtnidtjaJ 

H B ZACHRY CO 
S27 LOGWOOD 
Galt 922-1213, ext 3ft# for appointment 
Equal Opportunity Employee 

F U L L C H A R G E B O O K K E E P E R 
C h a lle n g in g position with C P A firm , experien ce required , test g iv e n ta v e rify q u a lific a tio n s, s a la ry B tu* benefits N E Lo o p location, eau 
12*4111 tot appointment. 
FU Chm Bsokkeeper 
Rust be experienced. H o u rs of 
F IG U R E F L A IR . Well known N E firm offers $9oo-*. O u r fee-ben- efits galore for your bookkeeotaa know how. Kathy 484-848o 
FinnevAAssociates P ersonnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan N o32S [.Grille,*18o W urzbach, SA. 7824o 

Appraisal 
Director. 
Howard 

County joint lax Appraisal 

Board is seeking applications 

 for an experienced Tax Ap­ praiser. The Position requires 

 knowledge in both Real and 

Personal Property Evaluation 

 plus ability and experience to 

 hand!* administrative responsibility. Salary Open. 

Contact Thomas H Ferguson, 
Director of finance, PO. Box 

14!, Big Spring, Texas 7V2Q. 

M u s t — — 
„ w ork w e flexible. P le a se se n d ! resum e stating salary range and in c lu d in g one c h a ra c te r re fe r­ ences to: JS Honigbium . M illard 
F illm o re G ra m m a r School a n d 

G R E A T E R 
37' j h r week, $4oo can be yours in beautiful N E progressive firm. N a 
S H . 
C a ll 
D a n a 
D a r e 
4AMA8AJF in nev& Associate* 
Personnel 
C onsultants 5835 Callaghan No32S 
M A N A G E M E N T T R A IN E E 
'Sad program , fast advancem ent 
Coil R ick 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

P l A C I Y O U R W A N T A Q 
I 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A I I 2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 
I 

€o8 SfCRETAR1AI 

S an Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S — 
Munday June 5, I 9 7 7 

.6oS SlCRiltBIjl. 
6H QfFICi 8 CIHIOI 
61o OfHCU CliSIOL 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 

Shorthand 7o-8o wpm, Typing (selector typewriter) 8o-9o wpm, excellent spelling, heavy technical and cor respondance typing. Record keeping, filing. Some ad­ ministrative supervision responsibility. Minimum IO years experience. 

★ Salary open 
★ 5 day work week 
★ excellent employee benefits 
For interview please call the 

Personnel Office 
6 8 4 -5 1 l l , e xt. 2 2 5 3 

SOUTHWEST RESEARCH INSTITUTE 

85oo Culebra Rd. 

 eh otic; i nom 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 

Type 67 75 WPM, toke shorthand and dictation. Also use transcription equipment. Salary commensurate with ex­ perience. 

C a ll 9 2 3 - 4 3 1 7 fo r appt, w e e k d a y s 8 a.m . to 5 p.m . equal opportunity employer 

TELL US YOUR SECRETS 

H yee hew* good w « 4 experience end ski#*, yen may hove wooden** hew Ie wok* cm mteWgecH fofc thong* for the cores* you really went Tim type of change that offers you more opportunity, better benefits, and a higher «tor* VIP bes mony hoe clients requesting cor tout tit Ult The fellowing ere lust a few of our current gob openings Office Hewn 1:3o to S OO or after hours by appointment 

 y ttin I n r A T in u t 
NORTHEAST 
NEAR WONDERLAND 
I W U IU L A N U N ) : 
18oo N.E. loop 41o 
6243 IM IO 

GfNiRAUY W A X IN G . there will be cr *eriety of duties to fill your day with this racy well et to birthed compony General bookkeeping background end lite secretarial duties will make your day a dei- tenons one. Super benefits and opportunities, fee Raid. Coll Jeyce, *28-3161........................ 
U SO 

OII IMTKGUf 
.Here s a unique opportunity! Oil and gas hem seeking bookkeeper with enthusiastic attitude, professional appearance and related experience Don't miss this opportunity in our chant s beautiful offices, foe Paia. Call Barbara, 732-6141 ............................................................. (Open 

DAISIES.. .won't tell that this too secretary doesn t need shorthand) You'D feel tike royalty in this challenging and appealing oil and gas position. A true chance to find yourself a home with a congenial and fun staff. Great company benefits await the professional self-starter, foe Raid. Call Maggie. 732- 
6141 ......................................................................................................................... 
$7oo 

EXTRAORDINARY. . .venture for the skilled business person far a secretary bookkeeping position with 
Narthsrde firm Run the whole show for this family-like group. Call Sharon, 826-3)61 
$7oo 

SECRETARY . .Bo a superstar in this plush office with your secretarial skills. Brieg your outgoing r trsanality ond polished appearance. High-flying executive needs you nowl foe Raid Calf Denise, 732- 
141........................................................................................................................... 
$6 SO 

WHITHER CT IE ANIMALS OR Pf ORI! . .hove the best of both worlds. Top See Antonio vol needs the 
"people pleasures" with the ability to take care of a fast moving reception desk General office duties will make a busy day challenging. Call Maggie, 732-6141............................................. $S$o + 

PAT YOURSEUF ON THE BACK.. .for winning this prize of a job No shorthand, just good typing skills end your outstanding disposition, lovely Nerthside location an added plus fee Paid 
Call Sharon, 826-3161 
................................................................................................. 
$85o 

IT'S NOT A DREAM . It s truel Truly fascinating position with one of the most dynamic business' around is yours when you impress mom with your secretarial skills and top notch appearance. A very diversified business and the benefits are super. Call Barbara, 732-6141.................................... $65o 

OIL AND GAS EXPERT 
.evaded to keep the books for prestigious clients of well known C.P.A. firm. 
Pleasant staff and good benefits make this position all the more acceptable. Fee Paid. CaH ioyce, 828- 
3161......................................................................................................................... $Open 

CURK-TYPIST.. International corporation will reward your accurate typing skills and responsible at­ titude. A really congenial group is waiting for you fee Paid. Call Denise, 732-8141................. 
$55o 
VIP PERSONNEL SERVICE 

 iii' Quiet I cu«m 
H? meal 

KICH AMO ASSOC 

614 SHULS 'IM IS 

Emo»ovment Service 
Key 
Punch 
IT* 
Tent years 
VIP 
......... 
W *•♦ 
General office, type SS ll ) *« *!♦ 
Sectry, type 
TS, shorthand 
.................... SA.OOO SI TOC 
A X * A Son Pedro, RTO-Ojai 

IECTY FEE PAID 
S S M , y o n d r a is e * , b e a u s , b e n e f it* 
T y p e AO, No SH 
Many other openings 
B i t i . 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
4*6o 
Broadway 824 7485 
_ 
T E M P O R A R IE S (NC. 
*43 W HO USTON 
TRS MRT 
T Y P IST ISOO 
Experienced, paid benet*!*, goad bonus, s day. 
T Y P IST SASO 
Keep your finger* busy' 
Coli M alva Black, 657 1123 
Snelling A Snelling Employment 
Service STOJ Rough Rider 
W W W w LjBSBfiJw W — —I 
U T IL IT Y C L E R K SASS 
Will train, lite typing, great north side co. Amye 34*3*41 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 

612 MEDICAL 

{ CALLING All TEMPORARIES 
N O W HERE THIS! 
I Cnjoy T em porary A ssig n m e n ts O ffe re d 
* 
W ith Y O U in M ind. 

 rn Secy M a g card exp. 
I o K e y O perators 
Secy: M edical, legal 
K e y punch operators 
Typist: Dictaphone 
Telephone sales 
Typist: C o p y 
Dem onstrators 
Other Clerical Assignm ents available for you. 
M O F E I EVER 
C A IL P IG G Y 7 3 2 -9 7 6 5 va r i l l 

I 
THE QUAI f i t 

 q u a l it y t e m p o r a r y h e l p SERVICE 

9 6 G ill R d . S u ite 2 5 o A e r o * * fr o m W o n d e r la n d 

 fiOG HDMtNISTRAT!VE riNAMCiAL 

M A N A G E R T R A IN E E Career 
Opty, groom tar restaurant mgnrit orotessiona! program, fast raise* 
1 S84oo coll Phil Arroyo, 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, *6 Gill Rd 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
Nat'l co train tor industrial accounts manager, advance 
St,ooo+ call Dan Daniels 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, *6 Gill Rd 

MDR. TRAINEE $7oo+ 
1233 
SMT 
M ilitary 
922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement 
Service 
*7oo O F F IC E M A N A G E R charge of all em ployees + book*. Ray 
732 21*1, 2So1 W est Ave. Job* 
North Inc. Personnel Consultant*. 
W A R E H O U SE M A N A G E R *8oo 
Supervise A, coordinate and or­ ganize warehouse, good benefits and future Bankers Employment 
Service, 87oo Crow ning 828-6123 

IM-8CNTMIU 
I 
A O M IN S E C R E T A R Y 
Typing skills AOwpm, shorthand 
!8owom, requires at leost A yrs of 
Responsible secretarial exp Will 
(substitute college tor exp. up to 2 yrs. Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits. Good salary and excellent opportunity (or car­ eer advancement To apply con­ tact Em ploym ent Office, Bexar 
County Hosp. Dist 4So2 Medical 
Dr. 6*6 3o3o Ext 221. Equal op­ portunity employer 
A IR P O R T A R E A 
Cots of PR no SH con get you *6oo in this easy going firm Beautiful new offices 
Call Richard Reed 
684-868o 
Finnev&Associotes Personnel 
C onsultants >83* Callaghan No325 
BA N K S E C R E T A R Y *6oo 
Good skills, fantastic oppty benefits, north Veil 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr ,Suite 14o 
Bilingual Secretory needed with experience in front and bock Of­ fice IO 7pm *45o, 224-4836. 
E X E C 
F E E 

Career 

S E C R E T A R Y ; 
P A ID motivated, immediate stort 
165o+ Call June Mathis 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd 
E X E C S E C Y *8oo 
Great tob tor sharp you! 
Call Bobs 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
E X E C U T IV E S E C R E T A R Y *7oo 
Paid benefits, excellent bonus, 5 doy Ban ke rs Em ploym ent Se r­ vice, 87oo Crownhill. 828-6123. 
Exe cutive Se cre tary for Bank president, must have 5-1o years expel 
C E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
333 volley Hi Dr 
673 1814 
Experienced Secretory needed 
Paid vocation, sick leave, insur­ ance ond retirem ent benefits. 
*6,76o annuol. H igh school or e q u ivale n t. 
7owpm typ in g, 
I lOwpm steno Contact M rs Prado 
225 5381 
Equal opportunity employer______________ _ 
F E E P A ID 555o 
SH no! nee. for this. Well known 
NS firm. Co will train in its held Call Kathy 68a 668o 
FmnevttAssociates Personnel 
C onsultants 5835 Callaghan No325 
Fee pd ottr secty, good typing, no shhd. to 56oo 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349 1373 
Four secretaries needed, 2 years experience recured. 
C E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
333 valley Hi Dr_______ 673-1814 
IN S U R A N C E S E C R E T A R Y 
Auto ra tin g e x p e rie n c e necessary. Im m ediate opening. 
Northeast area 655-o212 

SECRETARIES 
SECRETARIES 
SECRETARIES 

Temporary assignments are crying for your skills. Long and short time - full and part time. 

NOT AN AGfNCY-NIVIR A FEE 

C A U O K C O M I IN 

K e l l y G i r l * 

A D IV IS IO N O f K IL L Y S C B V IC IS 
4 6 o 6 C e n te rvie w Dr. 
Su ite 154 
7 3 6 -7 4 5 5 
Equal Opportunity Employee 

 t anagement ecru iters 

(PtRSONNEl CONSULTANTS) 
O f l b j M a t e t f 

M a n a g e m e n t R e c r u ite r s Clerical Division, O ffice M a tes 5, can p a t y o u on the threshold of a n e w career w ith exclu sive e m p lo y er fee paid positions. 

 rn M A N A G E OEMCX • 
Bookkeeping knowledge enables you to manage this position................................ 
$ 6 o o 

• LEGAL SECRETARY • 
Executive personnel create responsibilities in legal field........................................ 
$ 7 5 o 

• D IV ER SIFIED DUTIES • 
Good general office and public contact equals unlimited future...............................$ 6 2 5 

• FRONT D ESK • 
Customer confact makes those basic office duties exciting.................................... 
$ 5 5 o 
A rle n e S h iv e rs - G le n d a B u v id 
826-9538 
8 7 o o C ro w nh ill Suite 8o 4 

RNs - LVNs 

Immediate Openings 

 for 

STA FF RELIEF 

Your Favorite Shift 
Full or Part Time 

N O FEES! 
IN Q U IR E A B O U T O U R 
EX C LU SIV E IN ST A N T 

PAY P R O G R A M 

MEDICAL 
PERSONNEL POOL 
2 2 4 -5 8 8 5 
1 o 1 9 N. M a in A ve . 

R N ’s 
LVN’s 
TEMPORARY 
DUTY 

We we ocreptmg application*, now 

 from experienced 
Despite! 
Pre fessionah fe» oil shift*. 

IF YOU ARF AVAILABLE 1-2 
DAYS OR 1-2 WEEKS AT A 
TIME OR FULL-TIME, APPLY 
DAILY. 

T O P P A Y ! 
Plus paid vocations, paid holidays, paid lunch, in­ surance, bonuses 

225-3482 
Rosa Verde Towers-lobby 
343 W. Houston 

{Opposite Santo tau Hospital) 

EXPERIENCED ONLY 
MECHANIC /WELDERS 
MACHINISTS 

Starting rate $ 3 .2 5 an hr. and af5- Added benefits: Paid holidays and vacations, health, life, accident and disabili­ ty insurance,- major medical, profit sharing, bonus, uniforms, shift premium and many others. 

V - 
47iKfkd.kdL«i^k.*J.hJdM%l».tidktUk 

11 23 SE M ilitary Dr. equal opportunity em ployer 

Bi? H S U 
812 MEDICAL 

REGISTERED NURSES 
LICENSED VOCATIONAL 
NURSES 
All shifts. Speciality wens of nurs­ ing are also available RN salary commensurate with experience. 
8% shift differential, 8 paid hob days ond other fringe benefit* in­ cluding a retirement plan. 
Inquire Personnel Offices 
Bexar County Hospital 
45o2 Medical Dr. 
O R 
Robt. B. Green Hosp. 
527 N. Laona St. equal opportunity employer 

MEDICAL DENTAL 
Positions available-many areas 
D R P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
D E N T A L Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-9*1o 
M E D IC A L P O SIT IO N S 
Certified O perating room tech­ nician, Registered Dietician, and two L V N S for 11-7 shift above 
LV N pay scale. 
C E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
333 Volley Hi Dr 
673-1814 

MEDICAL OPPORTUNITIES 

PINTAL ASSIST, ixp. needed in n. side oft., M-f. 

MEDICAL ASSIST. Allergy exp helpful, need to hire nowl 

X-RAT TECH reg. not required for this doctors oft. $6oo +. 

RECEPTIONIST Med terms, expel $6oo to stir! immed 

INSURANCE C1ERK wed. ax par. gets $55o DOE, 2 openings 

PHYSICAL THERAPIST $1o,ooo4- for registry, hours flexible. 

DENTAL HYGIENISTS— Very nice office 3-5 days wk. 

MED SECRETARY Ors. ofc. $65o+ bilingual helpful, super benefits. 

LAB TECH for drs. ofc., good salary, excel, opportunity. 

M a n y other positions ava ilable 

O n . P e r s o n n e l 
Medical-Dental Employment Service 
Oak Hills Medical Bldg. 
69o-991o 

MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST 
Oak Hills Building, E X P required, re fe re n ce s n e ce ssary, s a la r y open depending on qualifications. 
Mon Fri. 696-2821 

EXPERIENCED 
SECRETARY 

 e Must be accurate, tost typist and transcriber 

 a familiar with office equipment and procedure 

• Interesting program 

• 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

• Monday-Frtday 

Send resume listing experience and references to: 

SAN ANTONIO CHILDREN S CENTER 
2939 W Woodlawn 
78228 

SECRETARY 

Local real estate firm in the Turtle Creek area has immediate opening for a sharp, aggressive, re­ sponsible person with general secretarial skills. 

Versatility and personali­ ty are important! 

C a ll S a n d y 
6 9 o - 9 8 o 2 

NORRELL 

MEANS 

TEMPORARY 

ASSIGNMENTS 

— 
N O FEE EVER — 

TYPISTS 
TRANSCRIBERS 
SHORTHAND 
ACCT. CLKS. 

Only requirement is 
6 

 mo*.-1 year of clerical ex 

 perience. 
Coll Helen at 

828-25o6 for an appoint men!. 

^ f m r w U t o m p o r u r t / 

 j T . M t r r i C f t a . w c - 

\ l B 6 o N X loop 4 )o 82l-25o6y 

T h e se 
FEE PAU* 
Positions are available thru 
ECONO-RESOURCES 
Open Tuesday ti) S p.m. tor 
I your convenience. 
SECRETARIES to $1ooo .. 
SALES $2o,ooo i W 
MANAGERS RETAIL 
Open 
ACCOUNTANTS $12,ooo $15,ooo 
RECEPTIONIST $6oo 
BOOKKEEPERS AND ASSISTANTS m m 
? & v,. 
•'+ 
' ^ v 
KEYPUNCH OPERATOR S5oo 

Alf positions are EEE PAID or negotiable 
• > . 
699-1o15 
42o4 Gardendale 
Suite 1o7 

KEY PUNCH 
OPERATOR 

This second shift vacancy requires an experienced operator 
(1-3 years) with specific Key/Disk experience. 
For personal interview, please report to Employment office as soon as possible. 

KAH AND QUALITY 

OF CARE COORDINATOR 

Requiring Masters Hospital Ad ministration degree and ex perienre in hospital od ministration to include prepara lion for accreditation surveys and work with surveyors. 
Solary 
$19,668 annual. 

Contact Personnel Office 

S A N A N T O N IO 

STATE H O S P IT A L 

532-8811 
An Equol Opportunity 
Affirmative Action Employer 

N ational concern needs exp er­ ienced medically trained person: 
R N , LPM , E M T , or M edic. E x ­ perienced in taking BP and health h isto rie s 
Need car for lo ca l travel and must be able to handle sales contract work. Hours will vary and be flexible. For appoint­ ment, call M rs Brown, 736-2434 between 8-1oAM or 1-3PM. Equal opportunity employer 
*4o6+ Need good nurses aides, orderlies. Start work today. Rosie 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

M E S NEEDED 
•Asst. Director of Nurses 
•RN Supervisor 3-11 
•R N s-LV N s fuli-port time 
•Experienced Aides 
(non-smokers please) opplv 1o-12 
I Hillside Manor 831o Goult Lane j 828-o6o6_______________________ 
Orthodontic Assistant, previous 
| e x p e rie n c e prefered, but not necessary. Opportunity to learn the new techniques. Widely vaned 
, duties. Norttiside location. Please send resume to Orthodontic Asst 
415 Lockwood S A. 782o9 

X-RAY TECHNICIANS 

Immediate opening in 191 bcd hospital. Expanding to 

23o 4- For Further information os to compensation and 

 benefits. Write or Coll: 

P E R SO N N E L DEPT. 
DE TAR HOSPITAL 
PO BO X 2o89 
VICTORIA, TX 779o1 
I — 575-7441 

Equal O p p ortu n ity em p loy er M / f 

MAINTENANCE 
SUPERVISOR 

Minimum I yew experience re quired in the maintenance of a retoil piont or other motor 

 facility 

ASST TRUCK DRIVER 

Must hove commercial license and expenence in handling un­ 

 crated furniture. 

4o hour week, excellent working conditions, hospitalization end medical pion, life insurance, poid sick leave ond vocotian. 

Apply in person 
JCPenney 

2418 S.W. Military Dr. 
IO A JR. -3 P.M., Tues.* 
Wed.-Thors. 

{.val Ow»rtu*itT bef toy»r A/* 

Equal Opportunity employer 

P art tim e re lie f, l l 
7 -3 , a n d 3 -1 I 
RN 
Charge position, 3-11 
‘ Full or part time 
A p p ly in p erso n 
6 1 6 W . R u sse ll sc SAN PEDRO MANOR i 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

E X E C U T IV E 
S E C R E T A R Y 
$ 6 4 o 
Great future for shorp person with good office skills looking for od voncement. 5 doy, 4o hi. week 
Hoise to $72o after I yr. (all Son al 
657 1212 
B an n e r Pe rso n n e l 
Se rvice East 
8 5 o o V illa g e Dr. at Loop 4 1 o Cast ta k e Store re st Exit 

AIRPORT DESK 433 
Meet and greet people, type 4o, 21 or over, sizes 8-9-1o unforms fur-’ nished. exciting job 
Call Ron 
657-1212 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village Dr at CIOE 
Apartment M anage r and A ssis­ tant M a n a g e r to be train e d . 
Prefer some office or business background. Managem ent exper­ ience not necessary. Apply in person only 'too Callaghan Rd. 
Suite 
335. 
Tuesday, 
June 
7, 
9om-5pm 

T 
IS FOR 
TEMPORARY 
WORK 

 and that s our business . 
We’re 
Number One, ond to stay that woy we need people with skills and ex­ perience like yours: 

A Stenographers 
★ Typist* 
★ Keypunch Operators 
A Bookkeepers 
★ General Office Workers 
A Product Demonstrators 

H you want to work on TEM­ 
PORARY assignments, earn top 
R ay rates, and qualify for inge benefits, ask for Nancy 
Redding at la Quinta Motor 
Inn, Airport-East on N.E. loop 
41o between 9 o.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, June 6 or 
Tuesday, June J. lf more con­ venient, come to 63o Broad­ way ar call 224-9251. 
MANPOW ER 
TEMPOSABY SERVICES 

An equal opportunity employer 

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 

Employment Agency fee 

P a id B y E m p lo y e r 

$6oo-565o Per Month 

Storting Salary 

This position requires that the in­ dividual selected hove ex­ perience. preferably 2 or mort years in accts, payable 
5 day week, 4o hours, nerthside loco lion plus outstanding fringe benefits. 

T hom pson 

Em p loy m ent Service 

1259 Jackson KeHer 342-2391 

A ssistan t P ersonnel D ire cto r, 
High School diploma, IO key, type: 
6oWPM, Accurate with figures, payroll exp helpful, but will train. 
Coil: Mrs. Smoot, Colum bia in-j austria*. 344-9211. An eaul oppor-1 
(unity employer. 
I 
A Very Special Service 
NEW D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
I 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

LEGAL SECRETARY with experience in litigation mat­ ters. Good fringe benefits. Solary comm ensurate with experience ond ability 223-9443_____________ 
L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y , downtown areo, typing, shorthand, book­ keeping, billing, telephone, (ele­ von, tiling ond receiving business coilers. N e at p e rso n ab le and conscientious. 227-o281 
____ _ 

L E G A L 
SECRETARY 
Minimum experience 2 years on 
IBM Mag ll (or) equivalent. For medium size general practice firm. 
Salary’ (with benefits) commensurate with ability and expenence. Downtown location 
Submit resume to: 
O F F IC E M A N A G E R 
I 5 o o H B C B u ild in g 
San Antonio, Tx. 782o5 or coll 227-7565 

BAN K P O SIT IO N S 
T e lle rs, 
P ro o f o p e ra to rs, keypunch, loan clerk Need Im ­ mediately 924-4481 United P e r­ sonnel C o nsultant* 666-C S W. 
Military Dr. 

BOOKIE TRAINEE $5oo start acct* receivable, learn alt bookie functions Great benefits 
Call Lewis 657-1212 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village at 41o East 
B O O K K E E P E R *72oo+ + 
Sharp with numbers? This is for vou. Coll Wayne 828-6494 
NEW D AY P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

ACCOUNTS 
PAYABLE 
CLERK 

Retail accounts payable ex­ perience and calculator by touch is required Salary hosed on experience. 
Excellent benefits. 

Contact Personnel Dept. 

Handy Dan Inc. 
85o7 Broadway 
512-828-8461 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 
Minimum I year experience 
• Full Time 
• 6 p.m.-2 a.m. 
• Monday-Friday 
Apply in Person 
FROST BANK 
Personnel Dept. 
TOO W. Houston st. 
Equal Oppo'tunity Employer 

FULL OR PART TIME 
TELEPHONE WORK! 

$ 2 .5 o • $ 3 .o o /h o u r 

 plus b o n u se s 

Must be available to 9 p.m. 

5534 Fredericksburg Rd. 

3 4 1 - 6 1 8 1 

1o-KEY WHIZ $488 
Som e A P A R or accounting in­ ventory far varied duties, near NS mall. Call Claudia 657-1212 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village Dr al 41oE 

L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y : trainee learn the law while earning 
56oo call Barb Kendrick 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, *6 Gill Rd. 
Needed qualified secretary for insurance oHice, previous exper­ ience preferable, so la rv co m ­ mensurate with exp. ond ability. 
COH 734-7573 
__________ 

P A R T T IM E 
SECRETARY 
Southside Knowledge technical typing desired. Equal Opportuni­ ty mptover. Technology incor-' poroted, 824-7373. 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
For oil operator 
★ shorthand and typing ti 5 days, 9-5 
* downtown parking provided 
•k salary negotiable 

Coll Mr. Sorratt 
226-8385 

B O O K K E E P E R , so lid o , book keeping, records, billin g, etc. 
School Admin Office. 924-1551 ate. 
Writ__________________________ 
B O O K K E E P E R northwest loco-I lion. salary commensurate with experience. Send re su m e to 
Express News Box 42o) S A 78297 
C A R E E R M IN D E D ? 
Looking tor exciting future? Join us as a counselor. We otter com- i plete training in all phases of the private employment field. Call 
828 6494 
NEW D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 4)o 

Secretory, bilingual, needed with experience in front and back ot- tice, 9qm-5pm, *45o, 223-3843 
55oo *6oo S E C R E T A R Y for is n a n co Inexp. to exp Type 6o + 
SH, advances Ray 732-2191, 25o1 
West Ave. Jobs North Inc. Per sonnet Consultants. 

*4oo C L E R IC A L B E G IN N E R S start your career here 
Sarah 
732-2191, 25o) West Ave. Jobs 
North inc. Personnel Consultants 

S E C R E T A R Y *7oo Fee Pd 
Good skill + personality gets this, benefits. Ehtel 349-354! 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr .Suite 14o 
Secretary for volunteer ogencv, 
*6ooo *65oo, 5owpm. shorthand and bilin gu al sk ills preferred 
222-1571 . 
S E C R E T A R Y ; 
Lawyers office, will train, legal, nice friendly office, 
*6oo Call Jo Singleton 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd 
Secretary, type, file ond some shorthand. Apply in person O x­ ford Foods Co. 325 W Nokomo, 
Tuesday atter noon only 

SIO - OFFICE I Clition 

A CCO U N TIN G C L E R K 
Can you believe *65o in our sought oHer N S ? This firm offers this ond more Coll Oena Corr 684-868o 
FinneyAAssociates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No3?i 
A C C O U N T S P A Y A B L E C L E R K , good handwriting, deal with pub lie, will train qualified person, tor appointment coll Elbe Spenratn 
223-18o1, ext 477. 
TH E P E R R Y S H A N K L E CO 
*6oo ACCT S P A Y A B L E , company b e n e fits + ad va n ce . S a ra h 
732-2191, 25o) Vk**t Ave. Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultants 

U N IT E D 
P E R S O N N E L 
C O N SU LT A N T S 
Job* Ouoronteed-924-4481___ 

A IR P O R T A R E A (pe rm ) *6oo. 
Needs shorp person for exciting lob! Benefits + 
Call Now 82+9554 1938 NE41o 
A L L IA N C E Pertonnel Service 

PL A C I r o u e W A N T A O 
IN TH I f X P R E SS N I W S 
C ALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

CLERICAL 
Ty ac SO, dictaphone, mature 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 

CLERKS $486 to $575 
Need several good exp. typist! 
Prestige opportunities. Good with people ond phone! Col­ lect and prepare information! 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jockson-Keller 
828-1292 
CLERK-Teleph one Sale* Order 
Desk. Shorp, alert person, accur­ acy essential. Good handwriting. 
Deal with the public Will train auolified person Hours 8-5 pm, 5 day week, motor benefits EO DC employer Call 224 58o1, ext. 24o 

*5oo *7oo FC B O O K K E E P E R S ond ossts. Lite type, l+key. Ray 
732-21*1, 25o1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultants 
F IG U R E M IN D E D *575 
Expanding co. needs you! Nice office. Call Carol Crisp, 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider_______ 
F IL E A N D S M IL E 
Know your alphabet ond land this lob. Generol office, knowledge of 
A P AR helpful 924-4481 United 
Personnel Consultants 666-C S.W. 
Military Dr. 

L ib ra ry Clerk, a c c u ra te with figures, 2 years experience. 
C E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
333 Volley Hi Dr 
673-1814 

P E R S O N N E L - A D M IS S IO N S 
C L E R K , bilingual. Life typing, p u b lic contact. 
E x p e rie n c e p referred. C o ntact P e rso n n e l 
73+7271 pliances, 

PHYS. THERAPIST S9K+ 
1233 
SIV 
Military 
322-2711 JOH 
Experts inc. Placement 
Service 
Registered X -R ay Tech needed port or full time, salary commem su ra te with e x p erien ce, c o ll 
Medina M em orial Hospital, Hon- do, Tx. Ask for Rose, 677-8891. . 

Director of N ursing for IOO bed nursing home. Prefer experience. 
We ofter a challenging position with top salary and benefits Con-J tact M y rn a Eavenson, A d m in is­ trator, Broadway Lodge Nursing 
Home 1814 Flamingo __________ 
RN , Full time, exp. preferred, I 
Call collect: St. Vincent Hospital, 
P O Box 21o7, Santa Fe, N M. 
875o1. 5o5-983-336), Ext. 2)4, EO E. 

MEDICAL 

• LVN S (EXP.) CLIN IC D A Y S $ 7 o o o + EXC. BENEFITS 
A LSO DR S O FFICES 
• MED. RECEPT. $ 5 o o + M O . S O M E EXP REQ D 
• DENTAL ASSIST N. SIDE EXC. OPPTY & SALARY. 
• A D A DIETITIAN $ 1 o ,o o o + , BILINGUAL A PLUS ti EMT (CERTIFIED) 5 8 5 o o + N EED N O W ! 
• MED. TECH (ASCP) $ 1 o ,o o o STARTING BACTE EXP. 
• M A. IN CHEM B IO C H E M STABLE P O SIT IO N $ I 6k + 
• M A CLIN PSYCH. EXP EXC. P O SIT IO N $13K 

Other Excellent Health Related Positions 
Available Everywhere 

I 
I 
I 
I 

■ l 

 kSSEJSSJSF 

UNSKILLED 
TEMPORARY 
WORKERS NEEDED 
Men ond women for tem­ porary industrial jobs 
Work a day, a week or longer-box cor unloading, factory work, freight handling, general labor 
Must nave car ond telephone. 
* 
PEAKLOAD, INC. 
SION. Main 
225-6o2o 

 l * " 
San Antonio Health Services 
Placements, Inc. 

84 N E. Loop 4 1 o - ( 5 ) 2 ) 3 4 9 -4 3 )3 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 1 6 

EXPERIENCED 
SEWER & DRAIN 
SERVICEMAN with commercial license. 
Will consider training. 
Alexander’s 
Roto-Rooter cal) fo r appt. 
224-6126 

814 SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS TRADES 

RN 

FOLL TIM E 
Supervisory exp pretered. Send 
Resum e to: Express News Box 
4467 Son Antonio, Tx 78297______ 
$675 
R N 
$875 
3 positions open. 8-5. Excellent benefit p a c k a ge . B E L L E M ­ 
P L O Y M E N T 
46oo 
Broadway 
82+7485_______________________ 

R.N. * 
7 to 3 Shin 
Golden Manor 736-4544.________ 
S u p e rv is o r, lab sp e c im e n s receiving dept. 2-3 yrs supervi-1 so ry exp. with k n ow led ge of medical specimens requirements essential. Call 69o-122o. EO E 

DRILLING PERSONNEL 

DRILLERS 
BARGE ENGINEERS 

MECHANICS 
DERRICKMEN 

FLOORHANDS 
ROUSTABOUTS 

The above positions will be available, for ex­ perienced personnel, on a new 
Bethlehem 
Jack-Up rig August, J 97 7 in the Texas G ulf 
Coast. 

For an application call o r w rite: 

B la in e F e rg u so n 

FIELD INTERNATIONAL 

DRILLING CO M PANY 

93o M ilam Building 
San Antonio, Texas 782o5 

(5 1 2 ) 2 2 5 - 1 6 1 1 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

[Dillard: 
D IST R IB U T IO N s 
D IST R IB U T IO N 
C IN T E R 
Hove immediote Need for 
SECURITY P E R SO N 
Prefer retired civ. person, or military security experience, full time. 5 days per wk. Good co. benefits. 
F o r a p p o in t m e n t c a ll 
8 2 8 - 4 6 1 9 
9 3 1 5 N. B ro a d w a y 

A N D 
C O N C R E T E 
F O R M S E T T E R S 
L A B O R E R S for residentiol slobs. 349-4237. 
Construction Equipm ent bpero to rs B la d e M a n , 
Scraper 22+o141. 
D o z e r an d 

J 

Construction Superintendent 
Must be experienced in Com m er­ cial Construction, wilt consider trainee 533-1274. 
C o n stru c tio n S u p e rin te n d e n t trainee, strong aggre ssiv e per. son, knowledge of construction, will be trained, excellent oppor­ tunity. 341-82*1. 

S U R G IC A L N U R S E OR T E C H ­ 
N IC IA N needed for two E.N .T. su rg e o n s. 
O .R. e x p e rie n c e re q u ire d . C o n ta ct L a u r a at 
224-2*12 weekdays only 
T e xas Tech U nive rsity Health 
Science Center has an immediate opening for chief technologist radiology dept. Salary based on q u alification s and experience. 
Minimum qualifications: registry with A A R T and 6 years radiologic techniiogy experience. Send re­ sume and 4 references to Person­ nel Director, Texas Tech Univer­ sity School of Medicine PO Box 
456* Lubbock, Tx 7*4o*. E O E 

Will TRAIN 
Medical field to good typist 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jockson-Keller 
82+1292 
614 MUMMIES 

OFFICE HELP 

Fleet Insurance Clerk, 2 years exper , accurate with figures 
C E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
333 Volley HI Or 
673-1814 
Full charge bookkeeper, salary open 
Community 
Title 
Co. 
828 *661 

Need 6 Various duties 
1233 SW Military *22-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Plocement Service 

$5oo One Person Office 
I 
* to 5! Answer phone! Type 
SP E A R S Personnel Service 
7o7 Jockson-Keller______828 1292 
*4*o+ P B X Operator, exp., good co. NS location. Rosie 732-2191, 
25*1 West Ave. Jobs North inc. 
Personnel Consultants._________ 
Person experienced in H an d in g 
Accounts Receivable phone colls. • 
B ilin g u al preferred. C all 8:3o am-5:3o pm, 828-77o8. 

A G R IC U L T U R E - 
E X T E N S IO N A G E N T S lf you're an experienced farmer or rancher and enjoy w orking with people, sharing your skills, trave lin g, it's time for you to check out the Peace Corps. Thou­ sands of Am erican formers ore in tro d u c in g m odern fa rm in g technique s to sm a ll farm e rs, ra n ch e rs and cooperatives in developing nations around the world You con be on agent for change, for improved crop and cattle production ond re d u ce d ? starvation ond malnutrition. Find j out just how m eaningful your | skills ore. The Peace Corps will p rovid e the liv in g allo w ance, I transportation, vocation, medical eoual aanortunitv employer 
I coverage and other benefits to q^equoi 
. 
'tunny employer J aMow you fQ f{|ke fw# ye<jrj Quf | 

— ■ ■ 
■— ................................ti S in gle s ond m arrie d s with no children please No upper ase 

OVERSEAS 
Jobs Available 

Needed by American Firms Overseas: 

WELDERS, FITTERS, 
CONSTRUCTION 
CARPEN­ 
TERS, HEAVY-EQUIPMENT OPERATORS, PLUM­ 
BERS, 
AIRCRAFT 
ENGINEERS, 
SECURITY 
MANAGEMENT and many others. 
Call (713) 869-3716 

M o n d a y thru T h u rsd a y IO a.m . to 7:3o p.m . 

Every other Fri. & Sat. IO a.m . to 3 p.m . 
FOREIGN EMPLOYMENT 
CONSULTANTS, INC. 

Construction Specialist will coor­ dinate all facets of residential rehab projects- W orks close ly with contractors, city code enfor­ cement office, ond home owners. 
Require* 3-5 years experience in residential construction, know ­ ledge of building materials, cost estim ates, p lu m bin g and elec­ trical lay-outs. Should be familiar with code enforcement standards and some knowledge of drafting 
M u st be pro ffie n t in E n g lis h - 
Spanish. Apply in person or sub­ mit resume to Personnel D ire c­ tor, M e x ic a n A m e ric an U nity 
Council, 23oo W. Commerce, San 
Antonio, T X 782o7, Affirm ative 
Action Employer M F. 
C O N ST R U C T IO N F IR M 
Needs two Northwest SOD Shovel operators, one for Stockdale area and one in Son Antonio area. Also need Haul truck driver for San 
Antonio area. Tw o m e ch an ics needed, one for San Antonio and one (or Stockdale. Leo P. Cloud 
Jr. and Son, 1-G North Broadway 
Station, San Antonio, Tx. 78217, 
(512 ) 49+198). Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
*4oo+ Counter W ork + Sales, need several good workers. Rosie 
732-21*1, 25o1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 
$1oo Delivery SHS 
Local + Lite pickup truck! 18 + 
Lg. Co. Este r M oreno *23-4348 
Jobs South Placement Service 413 
SW Military 
Designer tor norttiside nursery and Bower shop. Contact Jam es 
735-9469 or 73+8o*7 

$125 Dock Loaders SISO 
Need 4 today! Lg. Local co. will train + benefits. John *23-4369 
Jobs South Placement Service 413 
SW Military_______ 

A S C P Reg. H e m atology Tech-: nlcian with 6 yrs experience. Calli 
69o-122o 
Equal opportunity I employer 
I 

 lim it . I 
Ext.4. 
Call collect (512)397-5925 

DIET COOK 

*55o G E N E R A L O F F IC E type 5o, 
SH, b ilin gu a l, plush N S. R oy 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultants 

C o py, p re ss and gen office procedures, reliable tran sp ar 
Engineering asociated work 
73+2273. 

DR’S OFFICE lo $6o9 
Bilingual, good typist 
1233 SW Military *22-2711 Job 
Experts Inc Plocement Service 

IS J J S 1 6 6 6 i f X P P (5 5 O N O N I W S 

G E N E R A L O F F IC E you will love this fantastic job. $55o + g re a t chance to advance 
Call Now 82+9554 1 938 NE41o 
A LL IA N C E Personnel Service 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E (perm) *4oo 
Lots of variety with great co. 
Plush office, super boss! 
Call Now 824-9554 1938 NE4Io 
A L L IA N C E Personnel Service 
G R O U N D S T E W A R D E S S personable, attractive. Need 2 
924 4411 United Personnel Con- sultonts 666-C S.W. Military Dr. 

HAPPY VOICE $55o 
Run P BX some, type some, if you sincerely want a good job and hove o work attitude thl* is for you. Claudia 657-1212 
Banner Personnel Service East I 
85oo Village Dr of 41oE 
JOB H U N T IN G ? Fee Poid 
Let u* train you to find other pe+ pie lobs. E a r n up to *8oo + monthly 974-4481 United Person- I nel Consultants 666-C S W. M ili­ tary Dr . 
I 

R E C E P T IO N IS T WOO 
Personality + skills puts you here* Bobs 828-6494 
NEW D AY P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
R E C E P T IO N IS T *55o 
Terrific oppty in legal field! 
Call Malva Black, 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider_______ 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
C L E R K 
T Y P IS T position evitable Call 
Project S E R 43+9491 tar appt 
R E C E P T IO N IS T *7oo 
Super spot! Type, file, answ er phone! Fantastic co. Hurry! 
Call Now 82+9*54 1 931 NE41o 
A L L IA N C E Personnel Service 
R E C E P T IO N IS T - S E C Y *4oo 
Handle phones, lite type, fun lob! 
Fantastic co. Hurry! 
Cal! Now 12+9554 1938 NE41o 
A L L IA N C E Personnel Sorvico 
R E C E P T IO N IS T , no experience necessary, will accept recent HS grod 924-4481 United Personnel 
Consultants 64+C S.W. Military 
Dr. 
I 
R E C E P T S E C T Y 
Top notch person outgoing, meet people, good typist 
*5$o. Call Jo Singleton 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 

A ir C o ndition in g Journeym an wonted Experienced Apprentice. 
M ust know wiring and compon- 
. . .... 
-----1 ents on I'/* to 5 ton ce ntrals. 
App y 1o-12 Hilleide M anor 831o 532-7379. Excellent opportunity 
Gault Lane, 828-o6o6 (non-smoker for reliable person. 

. ..-------------------------- Air Condition service technician, 
D IE T IT IA N full or part time. Ap- j.jq years experience or I year ply lOam-12 noon Hillside Manor! commercial and residentiol work. 
831o Gaul) Lane 828-o6o6 (non- 
C E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E smoker please) 
333 Valley Hi Or_______ 673-1814 
A R C H IT E C T U R A L D R A F T S ­ 
M A N needed, must be fam iliar with truss ond mill work. One lo two years experience necessary, m ust be dependable. M ath e m a­ tical background helpful. Vaugh- on and Sons, 653-6611, ext 194. 

Medical 
DO CTO RS 
H E L P E R : 
Exp 
Able to work alone, northslde ofc, 
55oo+ coll Julie Mathis 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, *6 Gill Rd. 
E x p e rie n c e d M e d ic a l T ra n scriber, full or port time, 341-738). 
Experienced M edical Secretory, excellent typist and transcriber, medical terminology, varied du- ties 69o-91o5 M rs. Ervin________ 
Experienced Chairslde Assistant for busy norttiside office. Please send resume and expected salary lo Express News Box 4343.______ 
L IV E -IN C O M P A N IO N 
M ature, co nscien tiou s person needed to cart tor elderly lady in the home. N u rsin g experience preferred. For further inform a­ tion call 22+2341. Homemakers 
UpiH w 
LVN, fulltime-3-11 shift. Relief all ary, 73+2347 shifts. Call 69o-9*74 

ATHLETES 
ENGINEERS 
Stay in shape cleaning Iona and m oving houses. Transportation and some tools necessary. 
455-2oo1 
Auto mechanic with VW exp. Day, 
*27 2222; even., *22-3184. G arza 
Battery and Auto Ports. 
B A R B E R W A N T ED 
432-9736 
Beautician or Hair Stylist, 6o% commission, full time or tempore 

 i LVN, nice hrs, will train, sis *55o 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
LVN , part-time, 7-3, 3-11, Leon 
Volley Lodge, 684-3194. 

BEAUTY OPERATOR 
Permanent, 4 day* a week. Apply 
IO am-noon, Hillside Manor S3 to 
Gault Eane. 828-o6o4 (non-smoker p l e a s e ) __________ m 311 RELIEF 
* 2 + 8 1 3 6 

P lA C f r o u e W A N T A O 
IN (M f C X P SttSS N I VV 5 
C A L I 2 7 5 - 1 6 6 6 

B E A U T Y O P ER A T O R 
We need on all round girl know high fashion to fake ever follow* m g: E L TO NS 43+7621.________ 

CUSTOM FURNITURE 
UPHOLSTERER 
Full time permanent employment 

M any benefits 
A p p ly in Person 
FRONTIER 
ENTERPRISES 
852o Crownhill Blvd. 
W e are an Equal Opportunity Employer equal O p p 
M a le /re rm ale 

$125 Dock Loaders $15o 
Need 4 today! Lg Local co. wilt train + benefits. John *23-4369 
Jobs South Placement Service 413 
SW Military 

DRAFTING $6oo+ 
1233 
SIN Military 
922-2711 JON 
Experts Inc. Placement 
Service 
D R EV ER and O F F IC E P E R S O N needed to do light record keeping, payroll and typing. Near Blossom 
Stadium, 826-oo47. 
55oo-S7oC D R IV E R S local or in- state Big rigs to bobtail. Cindy 
732-21*1, 25o1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

*23o Beglnner-Pro'* *6.oo 
Asny field-fell me what you can do ond I'll get you more *J Over 2oo openings, ike Kelly *23 4366 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military 

C A R P E N T E R S needed at 
Pelican's Wharf, apply 2818 N E 
Loop 41o. 

$125 Drivers Sl75wk 
21 up, local or long haul. Future +. 
Julie 533-9171 Jabs Inc Placement 
Service 2817 E. Southcross 

CARPENTRY 

BODYWORK 
Experience necessary, plenty ol work, apply in person Caimbach 
Co. D A T SU N . 271* Fredericks- burg Rd. 

SUBCONTRACTOR 
Frame, joist, deck, cornice, etc. 
Best pay in the state Contact M r 
Stevens (713) 447-63o* Hayston 

C A R D R IV E R S wanted, apply in person, South Texas Tire Test 
Fleet, Devine, Tx. 819 N. Tran- sportation Dr ____ 

C E R A M IC Tile setter, permanent work. CU STO M IN T E R IO R S . 7o4 
Crestwood, 
Victoria, 
Tx 
1-578-2868. 

C a rp e n te r and 
S h e e fm e tal workers needed, call *5+1262 

B E A U T Y O P ER A T O R 
Experienced, Southside location. 
Good clieatel 923-4oZL__________ 

Carp e n te r needed, m ust have local reference or written out-of- state reference, 5 years trim and rough experience 
C E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
333 Volley Hi Dr 
673 1814 

CARPENTERS 
Residential Construction 
___________ 34* 3544____________ 

C ALL 7 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

CLO CK R E P A IR M A N 
M u st have electrical and elec­ tronic training. M ust have thor­ ough kn ow led ge in d ia g n o sis repair and program m ing of insti­ tutional clocks and related sys tem. P le a se a p p ly in person, 
Monday-Friday, 8 to 5, North East 
Independent School District, 1o333 
Broadway 
Com m ercial appliances service technician experienced In ranges, d ishw ash ers, ovens and disp o ­ sals. Must be reliable, ambitious and neat in appearance Good pay 
- and benefits for righ t person, j 735-2811 for appointment 

E L E C T R IC IA N S 
G ro w in g c o m p a n y re q u ire s qualified people for general con­ t ra c tin g and m a in te n a n c e ; journeym en or sim ila r exper- lence, Call 661-4751. 
E S T IM A T O R needed, m ust be familiar with truss and mill work. 
1-2 yrs experience n e ce ssary, must be bondable. Mathematical background helpful. Vaughan A 
Sons 653-6611 Ext 1*4 

ESTIMATORS 
H V A C -P L U M B I N G -P R OC E S 
E X P E R IE N C E D O N LY 
Send resume to Harold Thomson 
R E P U B L IC M E C H A N IC A L CO 
1o55o Plano Rd. 
Dallas,TX 75238 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
E xp e rie n ce d counter m an for 
Westwood Village plumbing shop 
M u st have wide K now ledge of 
Plumbing parts. *3 hr 673-o861. 
Experienced Carpet 
M echanics and Helpers 
Good Pqy. Steady work. Other benefits. Apply in person at: 
O 'K re n t Floor C o v i n g 
3oo San Pedro 

N O N COMMERCIAL! 

CANCELLABLE WITHOUT 

RATE CHANGE 

EX PR KS N -\EW S n 
A 
V 
I J t l ; 
4 a l 
; 
359; v * ^ 7 2 

T E X A S S I Z E 
K 
U 
U , ; . ; (. A l , > 

$ 7 2 ! 
Kl DAYS 
QUICK RESULTS! 

S H s m s 
I S W S s u m s r a w s sit situs raws s h s u i t s r a w s 

SWEARINGEN AVIATION 

I immediate openings in the follow classifications 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 

Duties require excellent typing and shorthand and ability to organize the administrative detail of the department. 

Person selected will be working for and report­ ing to the Director of industrial Engineering 
Department. Position provides excellent starting salary and working conditions. 

MAINTENANCE MECHANIC 

Requires minimum of S years maintenance ex­ perience. Must have a general knowledge of plumbing, carpentry, painting and other skills re­ quired to accomplish facility equipment and building maintenance. 

TECHNICAL WRITER 

Miust be thoroughly familiar with aircraft systems and haye 3-5 years experience with il­ lustrated parts catalog and aircraft technical publications. 

PRINTER 

Must hove experience operating AM 125o offset press or equivalent. In addition duties will in­ volve sorting, collating, binding and other general print shop duties. 

These permanent positions offer excellent start­ ing salaries, excellent fringe package and the op­ portunity for advancement based on demonstrat­ ed job performance. 

Interested applicants should apply in person to the Personnel Employment Office, Swearingen 
Aviation Corp., International Airport, San An­ tonio, Tx (come East of Bitters Rd. past Blossom 
Athletic Center, turn right on NE entrance Road.) 
SW EARIN GEN^ 
» ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ • $ 

[S e a r s 
C o i i i i i i i ^ i o n 
V u to M e c h a n ic 

5 - d o y 4 o - h o u r w e e k w it h p a i d v a c a t i o n , 9 

 h o l i d a y s , e m p lo y e e d is c o u n t o n p u r ­ 

 c h a s e s , a n d r e t i r e m e n t p l a n . 
P r o f it 

 s h a r in g , g r o u p h o s p i t a l i z a t i o n a n d l i f e in ­ 

 s u r a n c e a v a i l a b l e . 
A p p l y ; p e r s o n n e l o f ­ 

 f ic e , 

A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer At F 

S e a r> C e n t r a l P a r k S t o r e 

 s n -wits raws 

U t e * t e a P lu m b in g T e ch n ic ian 
$ to v e e rs e x p e r ie n c e 
\ r e a r 
Com m ercia) and residential »o<» c e m p l o y m e n t se e v i c t 
IM Veiler Hi P f 
»7J-□ i l l i fo r 
U t e n c d r e p a ir p lu m p e r fo r 
W e jtw e e n M ilo s * a r e a 
IS hr 
M u tt furnish own hone fools l ? M U l 
U te LO A D E R S H E L P E R S •nose to CXO 
N o r a S h a r e w o r k e r s 
C m d r TI? 2 1 ft, ff§ 1 W est Ave joos 
N orth inc 
Personnel 
Consultants 

I f s # M a c h in e O p e r a to r , m u s t h a v e c o m m Mc 
Co a d v a n c e s 
Cindy 2)2 21 f I, h o i W e s t A ve 
Jobs 
N orth 
Inc 
Personnel 
Consultants 

611 Sim s IM W 

WAREHOUSE VSR S75o+ 
M e r* if euaiitied with esp to r*n tnocts atli v ery inventer y central 
Coll Ran *57 1212 
•e n n e r P er sennet S ervice Best 
IMW V in J. Or a! SIPE 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R * SS*NEWS— S u n d a y J u n e 5, If 7 

Eli race emu shvich tit raw mm t a r o 
12o 

M om fenonce help er needed Ap ply *o38 B re a d WOS 
“ lest 1 eg aired. 

M tph s c h o o l G r a d , a o o d w ith fig u r e s , ty p in g 
« o o ti d r ,v in e record, fam ilial with city Advan 
C e m e n t o p p o rtu n ity 
732-2131 
Ciesner equipm ent Cc in c ______ 
W E L D E R S ANO H E L P E R S 
SS HO UR W E E K 
ST EE LTL X INC 
E M 1oo4 A T JU D S O N RO 
654-9434 

W O R K O V E R S E A S 
A u s tr a l^ , 
OIv g ra p h A fric a , South A m e ric a 
E u ro p e, etc. Construction 
Soles, Engm - 
M A IN T E N A N C E M A N N E E D E D e e ry 
C le r ic a l, e tc 
*8 o o 8 to 
FOR A P A R T M E N T C O M P L E X 
**o,o oo + 
Espouses paid P f em 

I i l l g l l l g g 
S g l g 
Autom otive Research Associates 

 is a c c e p t i n g a p p l ic a t i o n s 
M o n d a y , 
T u e s d a y 

 a n d W e d n e s d a y 8 : 3 o - 1 I a . m . f o r : 

DIESEL TRUCK DRIVERS 
• Must be 25 .yrs. or older 
• Valid Texas commercial license 
• Good driving record 

P e rs o n n e l O ffic e 5 4 o 4 B a n d e ra Rd. 

 equal opportunity em ployer 

' H i 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

O N L Y E X P E R IE N C E D need ap ply, coll far appointm ent *84-3481 

•M A N IC W S T # needed fo r salon w ith exc elle n t c lie n te le M a t 1 be e x p e rie n c e d and hove references 
494-7447 or 
49* 73*o 

 p .'o y m e n t in fo r m a tio n w r ite : 
O verseas E m ploym ent, Bo* IO U , 
Boston, M a OHO) 

616 -FOOT- EMM SERVICES “ 

MECHANIC 
P re fe r fo re ig n c ar or diesel e x ­ p e rie n c e . G ood w o rk in a c o n d i­ tions, in s u ra n c e . W ork is com mission and guarantee basis 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o A U S T IN HW Y 

MECHANICS 
2 held m echanics for construction w ork. P lenty of hours, good pay for good m en 2 shop m echanics fo r M a c k d ie s e l tr u c k s 
T ir e c h a n g e r fo r tr u c k a nd h e a v y eauip. Truck furnished Also need 
2 la b o r e r s . C a ll D on W a lla c e 
492-2146 (8am -4pm I 

FINISH CARPENTER/ 
GENERAL HANDYMAN 

Q u a lity conscious c arp e n te r w ho is custom er service 

 o rien ted a n d can pe rfo rm m inor hom e repairs w hich in­ 

 clude to p e , flo a t a n d p a in t. M u s t have ow n truck a n d 

 hand tools. M ile a g e a llo w a n ce , 2 w eek p a id v ac atio n , 

 life a nd health insurance, p ro fit shoring, chance for a d ­ vancem ent 

C all S te v e S h e rm a n 
3 4 1 -3 1 o 6 {7 a m -5 p m ) 
Beldon Roofing & Remodeling 

 m m 
K B m m m m u m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m 

S2.5o M echanics $6hr 
AM fields open. M o re exp M ore *. 
J im m y 
5 3 3 -9 1 /7 J o b * 
In c 
Placem ent 
Servlcs 
2817 
E 
S outhcross____________________ 
" MECHANIC 
Top pay tor m aster m echanic on equip., fo rk lifts , tru c k s, 4o hour w eek. Good benefits. B ro u b ach 
Eouip., 142o W Poplar, * 34-14* 9. 

M E C H A N IC w a n te d , a p p ly in! p e rso n , South T e x a s T ire T e st! 
Fleet, Devine, Tx. 

A 
W 
A n n 
N c o w p O 
H 
A n o N 

A subsidiary o f Fairchild Industries 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer 

’ 

JETCRAFTERS INC. 

T h is is a n e x c e l l e n t o p p o r t u n i t y t o b e c o m e 

 a s s o c ia t e d w it h a g r o w i n g 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 
B a s e 

A i r c r a f t M a n u f a c t u r i n g c o n c e r n . 
TOP WAGES 
ALL COMPANY BENEFITS 

N o w h ir in g : 
• STOCKROOM CLERKS 
• TRUCK DRIVERS — 
M u s t h a v e k n o w le d g e o f San 
A n to n io a r e a . 
Contact: 
Personnel Departm ent 
JETCRAFTERS INC. 
541 8 Brewster 
San Antonio, TX 
6 5 7 -2 7 o o 

APPLIANCE 
REPAIRMAN 

Knowledge of basic electricity theory and principle of refrigeration re­ quired. 
Corporate benefits. 

Apply in Person 

5o14 Airpark Dr. 

♦ 
♦ 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

J C P e n n e v 

SEAMSTRESS with tailor shop experience far all type* bf alterations. 
• Excellent salary 
• Hospitalization 
• Life insurance 
• Paid vacation 
• Excellent working conditions apply in parson 
Alterations & 
Tailoring Center 
8311 Broadway 
1oam to 4pm 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

 product latvia 
CENTER 
435-1675 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
Equal Opportunity 
Employer M /f 
. 

I DIESEL MECHANICS I 

INSTRUCTOR 

COMMERCIAL 
REFRIGERATION and 
AIR CONDITIONING 
SERVICEMAN 

M U S T H A V E 5 YEARS 

EXPERIENCE 
Needed tor immediate employment 

• Prefer supermarket experience 
• Top Pay 
• Good benefits 
828-5526 

I 
I 
I 

IL 

MAINTENANCE MECHANIC 

 years experience in general maintenance with emphasis on amonia refrigeration, as well as welding and mechanics. 

— M a jo r C om pany B enefits— 
C a ll Les L a rse n 
FOREMOST FOODS CO. 
226-7311 equal opportunity em ployer 

I 
8 
I 

I 

 j* Five years experience in 
Diesel 

 ll Mediates with HS. Diplomo or a 

 i | technical degree from on accredited 

I 

 i college with three years experience 

J in Oiesel Mechanics. Ability to relate 

I to student* Apply G. C. Hogue, 

I President. 
An Affirmative Action 

I Equal Opportunity Employer.” 

IR 

BEE COUNTY COLLEGE j 
Route One, Beeville, TX 
I 
781o2 
. 

Handy Andy 

Applications now being accepted for 
EXPERIENCED 
GENERAL MECHANIC 

Salary commensurate with experience and ability apply In person 
3 o o o E. H o u sto n 
8am-5ptn Mon-Fri. 

 w e o r e o rt e q u a l o p p o r t u n i t y 

 u m p ! a x e r f e m a l e / m a l e 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 

We are looking for general laborers who con work either short or long term assignments. Home phone and cor necessary. 
Apply daily from 9 -3 . 
MANPOWER 
TEMPORARY SERVICES 

321 Brooklyn 
224-9253 

[quai O ppo rtu n ity Employer 

O il Lux Is] 
D IS T R IB U T IO N 
CENTER 

Furniture Touch-Up Dept, 
Must be exped. in furniture repair and refinishing. Hours 8 .rn. 4.-3o p.m., Mondoy-Friday. fo r appointm ent call 8 2 8 -4 6 1 9 
931 5 N. Broadway 

M E C H A N IC w a n te d , s k ille d sem i-tractor tra ile r m echanic fo r,— n a tio n '* la rg e s t tr a ile r le a s in g 
1 fir m . S kills re q u ire d w e ld in g ,' brake re p airs , wheel seals, elec­ trical, body repairs, p reventative m a in te n a n c e p r o g ra m . S a la ry based on e x p e rie n c e 
C om pony i benefits. T ra n sp o rt intel national 
I Fool In c . 2o3 S W W W a ite R d, c o n fa c t 
B r e n d a 
F lo r a , 
; (512)337 4254. E O E _______________ 

N ational F ire Systems 
Has opening tor d e liv ery and in­ stallers of hom e sm oke doctors 
Full o1 port tim e. 734 13o?________ 
One H a rris L T V Pressm an, 17x22. 
E xperienced only. 3*9 1279. 
____ 

$6oo O rd er Desk $8oo 
Know your bldg. supplies! A + Co. 
+ future Ike Kelly 923-4344 Jobs 
South P lacem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry ________________________ 

P A R T T IM E H A N D Y M A N 
Lig h t c a rp e n try and m is c e lla n ­ eous building re p a ir w ork 
M ust have own tools. P ic k u p , van or stotion w agon n e ed e d . M o rg a n 
Portable Buildings, 732-5171 
Si25 Photo Finishing *135 
Nile shift! Life exp ! N atl Co + ' oil fringes E ster M oreno 923-4368 
Jobs South P lacem ent S ervice 413 
SW M ilita ry _________ _____________ 

P L A N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
E s t. film p a c k a g in g p r in t e r ,: la m in a to r, bog m fg. needs exp production m achinery m echanic 
E lectronic and lathe exp desira-l hie 
R eferences, p e rm a n e n t, co benefits, salary open. 222-9683 __ 
P L U M B IN G 
R E P A IR M A N 
H a m ilto n P lu m b in g Co. 217 Bel- tion 923-7517 
_________________ 
*45o P ro d u c tio n H e lp e r s . W a- rehouse exp. and com m lie. Ad vances. Cindy 732-219), 2Soi West 
Ave. Jobs N orth Inc. Personnel 
Consultants. 

RESTAURANT MANAGER 
TRAINEE 
We ore on established compony on the grow and have one or the most unique restaurant concepts in the country We ore looking tor a .tar A mature young man 25- 
35 years of age who is intelligent, aggressive and willing to work long hours. You must possess the highest integrity, look sharp, have leadership ability and like people. College degree is prefer­ red, some college mandatory Ex­ perience in proven success in a restaurant operation is desired 
This could be the opportunity you have been seeking 
Character reference required Send resume 
{mark confidential; to 
IS 
Honigblum, 
Millard fillmore 
Grammar School and Grille, 618o 
Wurzboch, 7824o 

MillardRllinore 

Q n ' i m m a r ^ c ^ o o l ? 

RETAIL FOOD MANAGER 
Responsible working monoger for Cookie Factory. (A 
Cookie Specialty Stere). 
OPENING SOON 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
Fast Food or Retail leadership experience preferred Com­ pony will train Coil: 
TOLL FREE 
1 -8 o o -3 2 3 -5 6 3 5 
SUE BUCKLEY 
THE COOKIE FACTORY 

RESTAURANT MANAGER 

LaCrepe Restaurant is seeking an experienred manager for a new restaurant in the Windsor Pork Moi). 2 years training in a culinary institute or college plus 3 yrs ex­ perience in the food service industry preferred or ex­ tensive exp. in food service. Excellent salary with benefits. a p p ly a t nearest o ffic e o f 

Texas Employment Commission 

 a d p a id fo r b y e m p lo y e r 

I 
II 

I 

I 

RLF WANTED ttscuiAim 

6?o h u p w a n e 

( K L I M S 

 m a 
HOTEL 

Is now accepting applications from 
EXPERIENCED PERSONNEL 

For the follow ing 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

• Garde-M anager 
And 
Head 
Pantry 

• Experienced Bell Attendants 

• Experienced Drivers 

W aiters and 
Experienced 
Waitresses 

Experienced Cooks 

Pantry Workers 

 desire ideal working con- progressive work en- 

EXPERIENCED 
PART TIME 
WAITERS 
For Gourmet ond 

Flambe’ Foods 

CAU MRS. NEIMAN 

Between <7:3o-5:3o 

Tuesday-Saturday 

4 9 2 - 1 o 6 3 

(Must have own 

 transportation) 

FOOD SERVICE 
SHIFT SUPERVISORS 

G re y h o u n d Food M a n a g e m e n t h o * e xc elle n t m gm t op 

 p o rtu n itie * fo r individuals w ith a m inim um o f 6 y r*, 

 volum e fo o d service exp e rien c e including supervision. 

M ilita ry fo o d service exp e rien c e p re fe ra b le . W o o ffe r 

 e xcellent starting s alary ond e xcellen t b e n efits. 

Apply at Bldg. 1o53o 
Lackland A ir Force Base 
Mon.-Fri. 9am-4pm 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

 w j-,, 
■ 1.41 - 
‘W V K 
- 
• v** w v m i w 

 l f you ditions in vironment that offers excellent employee benefits, pay, and career opportunities, apply be­ tween the hours of 8 am-5 pm, 
Monday-Friday at: 

THE ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 

Employment Center 

3oo E. Travis 

( a t N a v a r r o St. s id e ) 

£ q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m plo ye/ 

PART TIME i l l - PART TIME 

SHOO Production Foremgn 
S ara h 732-2191, 25o1 W est A y e . 
Jobs 
N orth 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants. 

FRONTIER DRIVE-IN 
22o2 Broadway 

Now accepting applications for 
C A R H O P 

Apply in person to the 

 manager 

 between 2 pm and 4 pm 

VAI# art on squgl opf»*htn*ty tmpitytr 

Mett/Ftmcli 

TELEPHONE SALES 
High Schooi Students 
Work 5-9 Weekdays 
And 9-5 Saturdays 
$2.3o Per Hr. + Bonus 
Full Time Also 
O N BUS LINE 
For Interviews Call 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 o 
An E q u a l O p p o r tu n ity E m p lo y e r 

Help wanted 
Mlscefemeous 
62o Help men 
Miscellaneous 

 ray7uiT6n, IHC 

Needs Exp. FRAMERS 
Immediately. 
Year ’round work 

Contact: Bill Boffin at 
349-11 IT ext. 
319 
8 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Mon, thru Fri, 

R A N C H 
F O R E M A N w a n t e d .I 
T h re e r a n c h e s , to ta l a c r e a g e i 
35oo, m ust have re fere n c es and be e xp e rien c e d in a lt phases ot ra n ch in g and fa rm in g 
Send r e ­ sum e to E xpress and New s Box 
No. 4364, 78297____________________ 

R a re O p p o rtu n ity! W an t o p e ra t­ ing and sales m anager for sm all m ech an ical m a n u fa c tu rin g com - pany. 732 8265_____________________ 
R AY E L L IS O N H O M E S , INC 
Make Ready Carpenters 
With fools 
Experienced only-H ourlv w age*. 
Call 
________ 674-6616_________ 

Ray Ellison Homes 
N E E D EXP 
C a rp e n te r for w a r ­ ranty w ork on new homes. 
Coli 8:3o AM-1o A M only 
_________ 349-1111 ext 354 

R E A D TH IS O N E . 
THIS IS N O T A F A N C Y AD 
We sim ply need tw o hard w orkers who a r r looking for full tim e em ­ ploym ent. Call 227-o18o 

R epair and service oi a ir condi­ tio n e rs a n d a p p lia n c e s . $8 h r. 
(713) 494-6375. a sk to r Chuck Hol- loway betw een 8 ond 9 am only 
Roofing sub contractor needed for g e n e ra l ro o fin g w o rk 
C a ll fo r appt. 341-3452. 

S78C Boule Drivers SI 2o8 
Need 3 today. Sarah 
732-2191, 25o1 W e s t A v e . Jobs 
N orth Inc. P ersonnel Consultants. 

CARPENTER CREWS 

Must have remodeling experience, both framing and trim. All work by subcontract basis. 

Call Steve Sherman 
3 4 1 -3 1 o 6 (7am -5pm ) 
Beldon Roofing & 
Remodeling 

I 
HEAVY UHE MAN 
I 
I 
FOREIGN CAR MECHANIC I 
EXPERIENCE NECESSARY 
■ 
I 

MUST HA VI OWN TOOLS 
I 
I 
FREE 
J 

• Insurance i f 

 e 
Uniform Allowance 
_ 

I 
• 
Forking Allowance f i 

• 5 Poy Week 
5 

• Paid Vocation 
| J 

APPLY IN PERSON TO: 
I 
Ken McCeliand 
I 
■ 

SPIRES DOUGLAS BUICK 
■ 

5o1 BROADW AY 
8 

Full ftrfSe groom er needefl, estab fished N.S shop, ask for L y n n 
344-842o; atter 5 655 8813. 

Volkswagen B 

Needs a mechanic with experience. 

SEE BOB DABNEY 
AT 33o3 BROADWAY 

S2oo Route Drivers $3oowk 
N a tl Co. w ill tra in ! 5 days + all benefits. John 923-4369 Jobs South 
Placem ent 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilita ry 

I 

R O U T E SALES 
W ill tra in , top salary 
974-4481 U n ite d P erso n n el Con- sonant* 666-C S.W. M ilita ry O r. 

F O R E IG N E M P L O Y M E N T C O N ­ 
S U LTA N TS , IN C 
54oo M e m o rial 
D rive, Houston, Tx. 713 849-3714 

Exp. PAINTERS 

For Touch up Work 
In new homes 

Call 8 to 1o AM 

349-11 l l , ext. 352 

E x p e rie n c e d lay-o u t ond D ow ell m a c h in e o p e ra to r to w o rk in a) c a b in e t shop 
Also e x p e rie n c e d w om en sanders. 333-4411__________ I 

E xperienced tire changer, excel-; lent pay and b e n e fit*. A p p ly in 
P erson 1329 Culebra.______________ 

BEAUTIFUL LAKESIDE 
Something special! 3-2-2, formal living or dining room pius spacious den with large fireplace, privacy fenced, call to see this carpeted beauty, con­ venient to 
Kelly and 
Lackland. $39,2oo. 
DAY OR NITE 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

I I I 

 mortar! southwest remit ii 

FORMICA MAN 
Need experienced F o rm ica M a n for shop w ork. Good pay, steady w ork. 655-o2o2, 8 am -4:3o pm 
F R A M IN G SUB C O N TR A C TO R S w anted, larg e sub-division in need of e xp e rien c e d sub c o n tra cto rs. 
Steady w ork, 494 34o1, 8:3o am -5 pm , M o n d ay -F rid a y. 

E xperienced brick lay e r, *1oo per 
1,ooo. In Stockdale. 512-875-24o6. 
E x p e rie n c e d b rid g e c a rp e n te rs and form setters. Apply in person, 
ISIS Tam pico. Com e and bring fools. 
________________________ 

Experienced Coat T a lle r, call for appointm ent, 824-2624 
______ 
E x p e rie n c e d D r iv e r fo r d ies e l tr a ile r dum p. *2.SO h r. o r $3.75 o v e rtim e 
A v e ra g e (IS O to *2oo w eekly. 6 5 5 -2 o 8 2 .________________ 

E x p e r ie n c e d R e s id e n tia l tr im carpenters. 484-4722 
E x p e rie n c e d h e av y e q u ip m e n t o p e rato rs-D iete l 
M echanic 
654-22o3 
______________________ 
E x p e r ie n c e d S h ee t M e ta l M e ­ c h a n ic a n d -o r 
S h e e t 
M e ta l 
G r in d e r n e e d e d im m e d ia te ly . 
S a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith e x ­ perience Apply in person 7o2 Son 
Fernando M on-Thor, 8 am -4 pm . 

E x p e rie n c e d J o u rn e y m a n e le c ­ tr ic ia n s and h e lp e r * . A p p ly in person B e x a r E le c tric Co. 2o14 
W est A v e. W e a re an e q u a l op- portunity em ployer 
E x p e r ie n c e d in s id e tr im c a r 
Deniers call a fte r 7pm 494-7841 
E xperienced Foreign Auto P arts 
C O U N T E R S A L E S M A N . S a la ry plus com m ission. 732-8221. 

E x p e rie n c e d Backhoe O p e ra to r, o u t-o f-to w n e m p lo y m e n t. C a ll 
455-2594 between 8 am and 5 pm 
; 

 f XPRfSS ANO H IW * 

E x p e rie n c e d re frig e ra tio n c o m ­ pressor re p airm an . 732-SI68 

E x p e rie n c e d O ffs e t P re s s m a n , good pay, excellent w orking con­ ditions, apply in person only. Jet 
Press, 574o W urzboch. 

F R O N T E N O M E C H A N IC im m e d ia te o p e n in g fo r e x p e r ­ ienced m ature responsible person w illin g to re lo c a te in A ustin, to w ork w ith H u n ters latest m odel a lig n m e n t m a c h in e . Q u a lifie d person can e a rn o v e r *75o w k. p a id v a c a t io n , h o lid a y s , 
’^m edical insurance. W rite or call giving detailed exp e rien c e b a ck ­ g ro u n d : A tla s S p rin g S e rv ic e , 
3535 E 7th St., Austin, Tx. 787o2 ar 
1-385-3661. 

General Maim SIQOwk 

1233 
Itll 
Military 

922-2711 Job 

Experts 
Inc. n acam it 
Service 

GLASS COTTER - GLAZIER 
Experienced In better residential re q u ir e d . U p to *7 an h o u r + benefits. Cham pions Glass A M ir­ ror, Houston, Tx I 713-44o-112* 
Good C e n tra l H eating A ir cor,di 
H oning In s ta lle r. A good s m all com pany w h e re you w it! be a p ­ preciated. The Roy 
Snipes Co. 
223-o29* 

H A IR D R E S S E R w anted, Classic 
H a ir Designs, 6521 B andera Rd 
684-2351. 

H A N D Y M A N *2.75 have several good lobs open. Rosie 732-2191, 
25o1 W est A v e. Jobs N o rth inc. 
Personnel Consultant*. 

U S H O M E S 
NORTHCLIFF EAST 
SUB-DIVISION 
Nerds experienced framing carpenters with crews. (BONUSES 
PAID). 
Trim carpenters, brick layers, sheet rockers, tope ond 
Hooters. Good pay, year round work. Contact: 
JERRY DICKSON 
RICK CUSSON 
659-1317 

H andym an or Jack of all trades, pleasant w orking conditions, good pay, m ust have own tra n s p o rta ­ tion A pply in person a t Oily Ot- ten’s N ew Swiss Chalet, IO U NE 
Loop 41o. 

HEAVY EQUIPMENT 

OPERATORS 
S cra p e rs , dozers, pushcats A p ­ ply 21o Tuleta 734-87o7. An equal opportunity em ployer____________ 

$1oo 
Helpers-Looders 
$T35wk 
P ut y o u r m uscles to w o rk . P e r­ m a n e n t. J u lie 533-9177Jobs inc 
P lacem ent 
S ervice 
2817 
E. 
Southcross 

SShr Air-Cond. or P lum bing S6hr 
M ust have exp in either Held, Ig co. Ike Kelly 923-436* Jobs South 
P lacem ent 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilita ry 
________________ 

ROYA! CROWN COLA 
Is accepting applications for 
LO NG H A U L D R IV E R S 
M in requirem ents Include age 25 yrs or older, good physical health, 
5 or. m ore yrs long haul d rivin g exp . good drivin g record verified thru D ept of Public S afety, com ­ m ercial license 
Apply in person 
12o W Josephine 9am 4pm E au a i opportunity em ployer 

S E W IN G 
M A C H IN E 
M A E C H A N IC 
E xperienced in single and double n eed le lo c k s tic h , sin g le needle c h a in s titc h , b u tto n h a te a n d eye let m achines. F ull com pany benefits. A pply to Ace M a n u fa c ­ turing, 4o2 W. N uevo St. 

SHEH METAL to S125wK 

1233 
SW 
Military 

922*2711 Job 

Experts inc. 
Placement 

Service 
Shipping and R eceiving C lerk, no e x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry 924-4481 
U n ite d P e rs o n n e l C o n s u lta n ts 
666 C S.W. M ilita ry D r 

EXPERIENCED 

PART TIME 

WAITERS 

For Gourm et and 

Flambe' Foods 

CAU MRS. NEIMAN 

Between 9:3o-5:3o 

Tuesday-Saturday 
492-1o63 

(Must have awn transportation) 

WHATABURGER 

IT’S ON THE MOVE 

[Since 
1971, we ne grown 25o percent— almost 
3 times the growth rate of the entire fast food industries. 
A profession team that continues to grow and lead, Whatoburger s growth in the Son Antonio area now re 
?uires additional 
MANAGER 
RAINEES. lf you ore interested in on exciting career with o dynomic leader in the toad service in- 
[ dustry, send resume to 62o1 S. 
Horas, Son Antonio, TX 78214. An lEquu! Opportunity Employe: 

B assett’s F in e Food 1451 Austin 
Hwy. needs a N ight W aitress. 
822-o632___________________________ 
Bayous Seafood & Spirits 
COOKS, dov and night 
O Y S T E R S H U C K E R S 
2617 W agon Wheel 
828-5726 

COUPLES NEEDED 

Rapid expanding agency need* ho m e. parent* for child care. These are fu ll-tim e posi­ tion* for m arried couples w ith no dependents. 

Starting salary from $ 8 ,6 4 o .o o to $ 1 o ,- 
4 4 o .o o p e r-y e a r, per-eouple, depending on educational background. Progressive salary a r­ rangem ent in 3 6 months, you could be earning up to $ 1 2 ,8 4 o .o o per year. In addition to salary w e provide m eals, living quarters, laun­ dry service, sick leave, and four w eeks vaca­ tion w ith pay. Also insurance and retirem ent program availab le. Applicants must be non­ smokers, non-drinkers, high school graduates, preferable w ith college training. 

Please contact the personnel departm ent, 
M ethodist Hom e, t i l l Herring Avenue, Waco, 
Texas 7 6 7 o 8 or phone AC 8 1 7 , 7 5 3 -o 1 8 1 , Ex­ tension 1o4. 

♦4 
4f 
6 

NEED 

ADDITIONAL INCOME? 

MOOoo- t o *5oo°° per mo. 

Need reliable distributor with own transportation to deliver daily newspapers 
Hwy. 181 So. area. Bond deposit required. 3« 
4 hours each AM/PM, Sat./Sun. AM. 
Call M r- Spaeth 
225-7411, Ext. 122/9-11 o.m. 

M o n d ay thru Friday 

An Equal O pportunity Employer 

♦ 

 f 
♦ 
♦ 6 

S e a r s l i r e I n s t a l l e r s 

5-day 4o-hour week with paid vacation, 9 holidays, employee discount on pur­ chases, and retirement plan. 
Profit sharing, group hospitalization and life in­ surance available. Apply: personnel of­ fice. 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer M / f 

S r a r * C e n t r a l 
P a r k 
S t o r e 

■Raiatm iffioeT 
Presently interviewing for full time and part time positions. 

• 
P a t r o l 
• Guard 
• A irport 
Training program now being offered for qualified applicants. 
CAN YOU QUALIFY? 
Interviewing 
Monday- 
Friday, 8 am-6 pm 
(N o Phone Calls) 

M I T H 
STANLEY SMITH 
(SECURITY INC. 
12 1t W . Olmos 

U t 

 awl Opportunity 

K A R A M s 121 N. Z o rza m o ra 
C o c k tail W a itre s s , e x p e rie n c e d , apply 1-3 pm , N u tc ra c k e r C lub, 
732! San Pedro 

D IS H W A S H E R a p p ly B a s s e tt’ * 
Fine 
Food 
1451 
Austin 
H w y. 
•22-o432 
E x p e r ie n c e d C O C K T A IL W A I­ 
TRESS and D A Y B A R T E N D E R . 
Call 
349 3o84 between 
8-5, 
M on.-Fri. 

EXPERIENCED 
STEAX COOK 
F u ll - p a rt tim e fry cooks. C all before 3pm *94-2491 dis! John’s Steak Lait 
Af Jet 4; 695 8328 Helotes 

Convenience Store M anagem ent 
Choice of career plans and locations 
Shift arrangement or confract for salary and commission 
★ PAID VAC ATIO N 
A FREE INSURANCE 

* BONUS PLAN 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3oo W . Jones Ave. 
Interviews 1-4 p.m. weekdays 

FULL TIME 
SUMMER JOBS 

1 8 O R O V E R 

Interviews are now being arranged for summer jobv 
Work until September with our large international company 
Work in local area of travel if you desire in your state or neighbor mg states 
Age no barrier if over 
17. Career posi­ tions also available 
CALL 
225-2531 

NO EXPERIENCE 
NECESSARY 
ON THE JOB 
TRAINING 

SEVERAL OPENINGS 
Excellent positions open for men and women ta work out of local office of nationwide corporation. 
No experience necessary. 
Rapid advancement to management possible. You will be trained thoroughly. lf you want a steady secure future and can start immediately call 
2 2 5 -5 o9 6 

TRANSIT 
BU S 
OPERATORS 
M/F 
A p p ly 

8oo W. Myrtle 
8:15-11:oo a.m. 
1:oo-3:oo p.m. 
MoN.-TUIS. Only 

2 2 7 - 5 3 7 1 

{qual Opportunity im p laytr 

54Uo S tepping • R e c e iv in g . Co advances serious w orkers Cindv 
732-2191, 25o1 w e s t A v e . Jobs 
N orth Inc. Personnel Consultants. 
S U P E R V IS O R n e ed e d to r p u b ­ lishing plant experience in p rin t­ ing helpful. 349-1279, contact Luis 
Munoz, 

$3hr Drivers SSiir 
D a v e 
9 2 3 -4 34 7 
J o b s 
S o u th 
P lacem ent 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilit a r y 

TROCK DRIVER NEEDED 
Full tim e or p a rt tim e. N eed m an with 2-T or la rg e r truck, fla t bed, winch and ro ller to pull our trailer and deliver portable bldg* H eavy e q u ip m e n t o r w id e lea d e x p e r ­ ie n c e d e s ir a b le . H o m e e v e r y night. Paid p rom ptly s t,OOO per m o eas y. M u c h m o re fo r good m an. 924-5oo3 

Exps(16SlC6d $3f1l*8SS83 
W anted. S to c km a n R e s ta u ra n t. 
Apply in person 4-4 pm , 4o9 E. 
Com m erce 

SIDO M 
Service S25owk 
M a le o r fem ale 18 up. Co. trains. 
J im m y 
533-91 71 
J o b s 
In c 
P lacem ent 
Service 
2817 
6 . 
Southcross 
. 
.____ 

IM M E D IA T E O P E N IN G S FO R 
A U T O M A T IC SCREW 
M A C H IN E O P E R A T O R 
E x p e r ie n c e n e e d e d in s e t-u p 
Brown A Sharp No. IG ASM . Dick 
O yer, B lackw ell B u rn e r 4419 w 
C om m erce 432-7895 

T R U C K D R IV E R , c o m m e rc ia l lic e n s e , c le a n d r iv in g re c o rd , 
S panish s p e a k e r, kn o w le d g e of 
San Antonio JL M a y field Co., Inc an E E O em ployer. 828 3331______ 
W A N T E D : for northside a ir con ditionlng contractor, person to do toad c a lc u la tio n s , d u e l desig n , dratting 
M any fringes 
Reply to 
Express New s Box 4263 S A 7S297 

WANTED 

( A im s a m o w t 

1233 
SN 
Military 

922-2711 J R 

Experts 
Ik . 
Placement 

E A ___________ 
Licensed P L U M B E R o r a p p re n ­ tice P L U M B E R w ith 2 years ex perlence Apply in person R A M 
P L U M B IN G , 126o MW Y St W E S T , 
N E W B R A U N F E L S , T X 

Sem i tra ile r m echanics, w elding experience necessary. Ace W eld­ ing 4 T ra ile r Co 
9oo Nogalifos. 
227-4266______________ __ 

$468 WAREHOUSE $55o 
S ip . o r tra in e e , need 4, S ara h 
732-2191, 25o! W e s t A v a . Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 

$92 W arehouse $12o 
M a re exp. m o re IS ! N e e d 4 + start today 
Dove Crisp 923-4367 
Jobs South P lacem ent S ervice 413 
SW M ilita ry 

IS 2 2 5 -’ 666 
IXPRtSS ANO NEWS 

HALLELUJAH HOLLYWOOD 
W A IT R E S S E S W A N T E D 
1o127 Coachllght 341 3448 
A P P L Y A F T E R 7PM 

IT A L IA N G A R D E N S W a itre s s , 
4-iQpm, 5 day. 2747 S. WW W hite 
Rd.________________________________ 

KARAMI w est 
W A IT R E S S n e ed e d , no e x p e r ­ ience n e c e s s a ry , we tr a in you 
Apply 9:3oam or a tte r 2pm a t 121 
N. Zarzom gro 
__ 

KITCHEN KANARR 
E x p e rie n c e in b u y in g , s u p e rv i­ sion and food preparation S ala ry open 
B ayous Seafood A S pirits 
2617 vvoflonwheel 828-5726________ 

N eed ed q u a lifie d Food S e rv ic e 
S u p e rv is o r (os N u rs in g H om e 
M ust have com pleted required 9o hr course o r be a graduate N u tri­ tio n is t. E x c e lle n t pay a nd b e n ­ efits. Send re su m e to: E x p re s s 
News Box 4476., San Antonie, Tx 
78297. 

N O W H IR IN G 

COOKS ANO WAITERS 
R IV ER HILLS 
COUNTRY CLUB 
K errville,Texas 
Apply in person 

616 ■HMHMHIII MUICH 

SEATING HOSTESS 
P E R M A N E N T P O S IT IO N 
K o ru n y * N orth 8o23 V antage D r 

W A ITR E S S N E E B E D 
441 4451 

ASST. MAANA6ER 
R e ta il liq u o r chain needs 3 full 

COUPLE NEEDED 
AS HOUSE 

PARENTS 

For a group Foster home I for boys. Centrally located in San Antonio, Tx. Good! salary and benefits. 

, 
P resbyterian 

Childrens Home & 

Service Agency 
2 2 4 -1 75 6 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• a 
* 
• 
SUMMER * 
<8 
JOB 
4* 
$4.5 o per hour ^ 

_ 
Order installation i 
: 

 dept. Must Hava car. 
Part time or full time. 
Call Mon.-Tues. 9am- 

8p m . 
735-61 53 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
« 

I L A U n 6 ' r V 
W O E K E R w ho' m e n d s . N o n - im u k e r 
H ills id e 
M anor Nursing Hom e, 831o Gauss 
Lone 
Apply betw een 
1oAM !» 
! Noen 

____________________________________I M a in te n a n c e m a n w ith la r g e tim e a s s is ta n ts fa r n o r th s id e 
E x p e rie n c e d S w im m e r to lee c h c o m p le x . P lu m b in g , s to re s. A ge e v e r 35 p r e fe rr e d lessons w ith c u rre n t WSI or Sen 1 e lectrical end b eatille e xperience 
R e ta il e x p e rie n c e af som e k in d tor Lite saving, 5 day week, apply p r e f e r r e d , n e t n e c e s s a r ily liq u o r s . 
P o ly g r a p h e x a m re q u ire d 
A ll com pony benefits 
Apply D a n ’s A B en’* O ffice 46o3 
West Ave, at Loop 418 aBBfiSlSBfe Beeline 226-23o3 
P O R T E R . 6 d a ys a w e e k . F o r 
Cashiers needed for self service northside restaurant. E xperience gee stations in all sections of the n e c e s s a r y . A p p ly in p e r s o n , city. E x p e rie n c e d + 16 key de 
T u e s d a y , W e d n e d s d a y . T h u rs sired Applications taken T u e-F rl, day, 2 to SPM 
See M r .S pencer 
M IL L A R D F IL L M O R E G R A M 
M A R SCHOOL A G R IL L E , 418o 
W urzboch. 

628 
( til N u t * | 

B 
M t s c g l iw t y s 

A p a r tm e n t M a n a g e r W o n te d 
L iv e -in , show a nd c le a n a p o rt m e n !* . 
S p a n is h s p e a k in g p re fe rre d . Coil 228-6249. 

8 36 - 4 P M . O ffice 8o24 V a n lu e * 
O r. Suite 112 C. 349-4295 E .O E 

COMPANY EXPANDING 
P o rt tim * lobs 
S95 a week 
Full T im e S um m er 
Positions A vailable 
*19o per week 
F a r inform ation call mm 

APARTMENT MANAGER 
C O O TH SALES 
F a r sm all co m p le x , ( net m ain- t r a i n e e te n a n c e jo b ) 
M a r r ie d w o m a n Apply 1163 S, F rig . 223-381* with proven retail sale-type a b ib -1 
_______ tv p re fe rre d . No children, 349 2293 
I ■ i t 
‘ 
- 

A S S IS TA N T A P r M O R . I yr. ax- 
18 up) No re ce n t tickets! G loria northside 
Jo* P lacem ents Em oiov- 

DnA p a r t m e n t j o b s of s a 
-J n S H L iS 
•28-6481 
Em ptoym ent-Counsultqnts 

C A S H IE R H E L P , S2.3o per hour 
2o-4o hours p e r w eek (evenings and w eekends). Stop N Go, 2o4 E 
Rhapsody Dr. 

E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 
EARN EXTRA 

EVENINGS 
H e lp stock a n d c a s h ie r in con ventence store. W il) tra in . Apply in person, 5467 San P edro 

7o66 SW M ilita ry D r 
Westwood 
Village____________________________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D J A N IT O R (non sm oker), apply 16 a m i l , Hillside 
M a n o r , 818-o464_____________________ 

E x p e r ie n c e d r e n ta l a g e n t ta r no rth e a st a p t co m m u n ity 
Send resum e to E xp ress News Box 4262 
S A. 78197_________________________ 

E x p e r ie n c e d M A IN T E N A N C E 
M A N ta r ISO unit a p artm e n t com plex 
Coil for appom tm enr 
654-o182. 

EXP. SALES M 
I 
P E R M A N E N T 
E vening Hours R equired 
P E T P A N T R Y 
N orth S tar M o ll 342-23*1 

FASHION T i l TWENTY 
Co im et) cs- p a r ti i m e a v a ila b le 
M a tu re w om an only. C all 344-1891 

 lf r n f t * d a l l e s . . . you’ll love- Beeline Fashion shews. 
YMI m ake p ro fit on every show + 
S36C sam ple w ardrobe a1 no cost 
All vou need is 4 hours for 4 dors or 4 evenings a week and a car 
21+ . Call 226-23C3 details in v e n to ry too low N eed help lo re -s to c k , e x c e lle n t com m is s io n for roof c ito le lister, need license 
924 4269 
A L L R E A L T Y 

JANITOR WANKO 
E X P E R I E N C E D p e rs o n o n ly . 
M u s t h a ve aw n tra n s p o rta tio n 
Hours, 2AM to » 3oAM , * days wk 
*43o. me. 349-OI 14 

 e s s e n tia l. 
L o c a l r e f e r e n c e * required. 
A pl turn. 
Apply t i e 
Vortderbeck 
__________ 

M A IN T E N A N C E M A N Needed! for N orthside out com plex M u s t be f a m ilia r w ith a ll fo te fs a t p lu m b in g and a ir c o n d itio n in g . 
Coll 69o-832o tor appointm ent 

M A IN T E N A N C E P o s itio n E x p e rie n c e d only. L o v ely propes- ties, excellent salary 
A P A R T M E N T JOBS O F S A 
828-9196 
Em ploym ent.Consultants 

MARKET RESEARCH FIRM 

 needs F ie ld In te rvie w e rs tor p a r t t im * w o rk to con d u c t personal interview s In B exar, 
M e d in a . G u ad alu p e , C o m a l , 
W ilson, A tascosa, B a n d e ra, 
Kendal) Counties No selling, m ust have car. H ourly wages pius c ar m ileage Job to negin 
June 19th. R eply to PO Box 
5817, 782o1 

M a tu re experienced Janitor and 
Y ard m a n needed, m ust be able fa m a in ta in o ffice building and re sidenfiol yards. P erm anen t posi­ tion w ith regulu r hours and frin g e benefits. 
Can 
341-716! for appointm ent.___________________ 

M obil Hom e P ark Resident M a n ­ a g er needed fo r N orthside. Coo a le to m a n a g e a n d m a in t a in property. Call tor appointm ent, 
69o-859o. 

F O B FAST H IS u m 
UlACt VDUB WANT AO 
IN IH I IX P B I** NtWS 
C A U 225-1o66 

P o g o 2 4 D 

 r n r n m h t h 

M IS C H W W O U S 

* 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

^ $225 PER W E E K * 

• i f C 
M 
M 
« * . , * 
O f dp i instat'ohon 
; 

< k d« p f . 
* * necessary, compony ” will tram, Must nave* own 
*ronsporia»»on H 
Equal opportunity employer 
Coll 
735* l r 6 1 5 ! 
* L 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

SHIPPING 
• 
CLERK 
* 

San Antonio £XP!?£S5 NEW S— Sunday June 5, 

 r n 
B o w n e 

1 9 7 7 rn rn foreign sportscars mmmmmmim mm automobiles 
73o M3 AUTOMOBILES 

 apply in person to Mr. leal 
Plain Furniture 
223 W. Commerce opposite City Hall r n 

 r n 

I oey. t P Pitm an i i i oms 
Pem ity wife a tW K re w tw in* rn 
: m e country desires Hee in help 
A r t e r y reel* Orc econ! It w o25 
I Crone Rd St Charles, in. M ire 
Enclose teieohonc number 
Hniisekeener nanny needed tar i lorm ly in L a u re l H e ig h ts a re a with one sm all child, references 
. fegsrtftd. 712-4446 
H o u se k e e o e r, coo k, c a r t fo r 
♦other I day week R eferen ces required. On 2 buslines 126 7265 
Live in housekeeoer for lode rn opt Ret m - * m ________________ j L lv e -in m a id w a n te d for 
I housework and child core M ust 
•sp e a k fin a lists 
R e fe re n c e s required >54-41o1. 
| L iv e in m o ld w o n te d fo r 
; housework and child core M ust 
J sp e a k fin a lists 
R e fe re n c e s 
| required. 653-4141________________ 
Live-in maid needed S '> days for 
I h o u se ke e p in g and ch ild care. 
Private room and both 492-2669 
Mature lady to live in and care for 
I J y e a r old 
C P c h ild 
N o h o u se w o rk , s a la ry , ro o m a n d 
Doord. 435 9151.___________________ 
N e e d e x p e rt took arid hou se keeper, prefer live in, excellent i references required 
Coll 
696-3515. 

 h x m s s 
N K W * 
A U T O M O T IV E 
J 

; o ; ; ? t . [ q r h c h s p q h i s e x b s fCREisw s t o w s i c ? j i O j t L 6 | s t o r o » « s . 
NOW OPEN 

* * i r W 
W ¥ W 1 r f % 

NATIONAL MINI- 
* 
STORAGE CO. NEEDS 
COUPLES FOR MINI 
STORAGE MANAGERS. 
V Must Be Willing To Re­ locate t Salary Plus Apl. With 
Utilities Pd. 
R E T IR E D M IL IT A R Y .. 
TH IS IS P O R Y O U ! 
CAU 828-5551 

Refined- Enqlish sneaking woman to cook tor la d y 
R e fe re n c e s ) required. Northside 341o376_____ 
Reg childcare, my home Prefer retarded children. Appointm ent t only 494-7337 36* S5o4_____________ 
Want dependable lady to stay with lady from 7 am-3 pm, 5 or 6 days a j week M ust be patient and loving ■ and have good references Reply to Express News Box NO 5216, 
H IW .________________ 
________ 
W om an to live-in . 5 d a y s per week, core tor Father and I teen­ a g e rs. S m a ll h o u se , c o o k in g required. Send resum e or refer­ ences to: 4815 Lyceum , San A n ­ tonio, Tx 78229 
Y o u n g g irl, room a n d b o a rd , small salary, light work. Call M r 
Newman, 656-5656. 

6 2 4 - SITU ATIO NS W ANTED 

Counter Help 
Northwest Area 

Hospitalisation, lite 
In­ sulate* 
Paid vacation 5 
•lay w eek 

Apply At 
8311 Broadway 

 between TO and 4 PM 

MOTEL CLERK 
Prefer refired person 3 nights a week 11pm-7am 
P A R K M O T E L 

T.V. BENCH 
REPAIRMAN 
RCA-ZENITH 

Wants to relocate. San An­ tonio 28 years experience. 
Write To: 
H e r b L o n g 
4 1 6 N , H o w e r 
N. Canton, Ohio 4472o 
For information call local 
1 

6 5 3 - 7 7 9 7 
Persona! hfrtmw Upon Rtqudtt 

I 

 i 

I 

I 

I 

; « ! 

SALES 
SERVICE 
LEASING 

GRC AT SEI. EC r ION 

AND P R IC K 

81o 
B21o 
2ooSX 
28oZ 
PICKUPS 

WAGONS 

SALES 
8 A.M. TO 

9 P.M. DAILY 
8 A.M. TO 

7 P.M. SAT. 

SERVICE 

7:3o A.M. TO 

6 P.M. M.-F. 

 w i n 
; atsun 

 r '- v X \ 

 loop 41o at Broadw ay 

Next to Gunn Oldsmobile 
826-9691 

Babysitting in m y hom e W eek­ days Coll; 655 199o 
Honest Lady wonts steady work 
826-4925 
References. 
Call ofter 
4pm, 

N eeded in A u s t in - M A S S U S E S 
M asuers for M ossage clinic Will help re lo c a te . C a ll 837-177o, 
474 5386. 263-2841, or a p p ly at 
1o836 " A " N orth L a m a r or 4o2 
West 6th, Auafin, Texas 
N E E D 5 part time m anagers im ­ mediately 52oo-53oo per month. 
Prefer at least 23 and m arried. ! 
For interview call 681-2776 

L A D Y wants Days Work, 7:3o am to 2:oo pm. 52o Call 226 9461 
I Licensed Vocational nurse wants home nursing, live-in considered, call mornings, 691-1443___________ 
M a id s Unlim ited - cleaning ser- vice, small parties. 696 1169 

 rod East volkswagen ® 

.;' i i i l p i i # t£ fe > t © vin..: 
>iit4o2 NE 1oC a f t a n >ij^dfann]<ii»i & -> *■' 
" ,/•, 8$8*]?o1 v 
C 
< 
- 
- 
W 
' * v * 1 \ ..- • ’a "" 

LARGEST SELECTION OE 
NEW & USED 
VOLKSW AGENS AND 
HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 

ALW AYS THE BEST PRICES & SERVICE 

76 VEGA NOMAD WAGON 5:7% V . - *,ooc radio. 3 o o o m ile ................................ 
2995 

 l y e w i l l D C C T I C time green, 4 w e e d 
A M EM l O t i l D C C I l l redie. eW conditioned. and i n r n r ewnr. 14.ooo rn Hex............................................. . 4 5 9 5 

76 VW RABBIT DELUXE MODEL trenxmixtien, air conditioned. I S OOO m ilti . . . . O O T J 

 l y r Ll A l i n A r w n r Metallic blue. autematlc 
/ J f l U N U A v l V i v Ironimlxxien, air tsndl- i n , n r 
H o n in g ......................................................... 2695 
75 HONDA CIVIC E & J ft;.4.T *?:*. »2695 
75 DODGE PICKUP » . s, BO, d e a n .......................................... 
.... *3895 

75 VW BEETLE r%X 
,OBd,WoB,d *2495 
75 BUICK ELECTRA 4 DOOR HARDTOP LTD 
Blue, 
VB, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, 
A M /PM stereo, Chrome wheels, pow er seats. power windows. cruise control, white sidewalls, 3o.ooo miles, one ow ner.............. 
5595 

'75 RABBIT 4 DOOR 
^ *3 1 9 5 
75 RABBIT 4 DOOR trantmiition, air can au to m atic w a ww -me -w-ww yrwrt alf 
COW 
A f t f dltiontd, radio. * ......................... i i J J 
74 MGB CONVERTIBLE spe e d , a ir d ition ed , ste reo tape, 2 8 ,o o o m ite*. 
*3795 
74 RABBIT 4 DOOR CUSTOM J » ^ rown' 
(Tv is a control, a ir con dition ed, A M / E M radio, 

74 DASHER H oned, A M -F M tap e . . . . ot: ,‘ondi: *2895 

 i t s p i r s t i i n f t f t W h ite w ith black v in y l top, t i C l V A m l N U J J 4 5 4 V B , au to m atic tra n s­ m ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, air 
SO T O C con dition ed, A M / P M , n e w w id e o va ls, m a g s t / “ J 

♦ 7 9 D A U T I A T G ra n d v ille 
C o n v ertib le , 
I 4 r U r l I ' A v B ro m e w ith w h ite top, VB, a u to m atic transm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b rak e s, a ir con dition ed, radio, w h ite sid e w alls, p o w e r w in d o w s, d o o rs c a m e a n d trunk, Hit w h e e l ............................ Z/95 

72 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX _ automatic transmit po war tfoarini 

COUPE SJ Mint gr«en, 
VS, fearing, pow»r b ra k e s, air conditioned, rad io, w hit# sid e w alls, tilt w h e el, cruise control, p o w e r seats, p o w e r c o m r w in d o w s, EM stereo, $ 7 ,o o o m i l e s ................ 
72 DODGE >/2 TON PICK UP sta n d a rd 

M 
I S S I O 
N 

 i&m ission, a ir conditioned, ra d io . . . . . . . . . . 1795 
V O L K S W A G E N / 
H O N D A 
13oo Si. Military Dr. (Next to Mission Chevrolet) 
G M A C FIN A N C IN G 
A 
O 
A 
A 
C 
O 
I 
M I C I N S U R A N C E 
9 2 4 ”6 5 2 l 

 s3 4 4 9 

VK- 

BOBCAT 
3-DooR RUNABOUT #97o4A 

You get a lot to love in Bobcat, the little car that puts the fun back into driving. And Main has a good selection of these great little cars at little prices you’ll love. 

; 
G r a h a m * / m u m M e r c w i f 
1123 N. Main 
5 e H a h ! a E s p a n o l 
225-65o1 

N eed ste e l g u ita r p la y e r to r country to p ro gre ssive country band, well established. 656-6959 perience in m achine shop work 

M id d le age d m an w anting em 
• ployment, m echanically inclined, has worked in warehouse and did clerical work. Also has some ex- 

 ofter 5pm. 
Need 2 truck slop attendants ser­ vice men night shift, 5 day week, mature, willing worker, perm an­ ent lob Texaco Truck Center G as 
& E a t T ru c k Stop 
Sta rt 566o month all applications to 
A.J. 
P'och Oil Co , Inc. 5747 Dietrich 
Rd No phone colls please_______ 

PARTTIME 

EVENINGS 
Earn extra money stocking mer- ] thandise and cashiering in a con­ venience store W ill train you 
Apply in person. 
1239 
S 
H ackberry 
I 

PART TIME HELP 
Retoil M e rc h a n d isin g 3-15 hrs- j wk $2.3o hr calling on retail m ar­ ket, flexible hrs, nail. co training provid ed R eply E x p re ss-N e w s 
Box 4485, 78297____________________J 

PARTTIME 
Several part time retell sales po­ sitions open varying from 14 lo 3o hours per week Some experience and age over 25 preferred Poly- ! graph exam required. Apply in person D o n 's A B e n 's 6oo3 West 
Ave, al Loop 41o__________________ 
Perm anent 1ob will train, starting p ay over $7oo, frin ge benefits 
Apply 4242 Piedras Dr. east suite j 
IOO_______________________________ 
R e fe re n c e s . E x p e r ie n c e d in 
Apartm ent Operation and M a in ­ tenance. R e p ly : E x p r e s s B o x I 
7951, PO Box 2171, S A Tx 78297 
'R E G I M E N T E D C O U P L E M an - I agers tor opt, complex. 341-8134 

Retired Or Semi-Retired 
Mature couple as Assistant Man- ' ager of sm all first class Son An­ tonio motel, furnished apartment, full motel m anagem ent could lot- I low E x p e rie n ce not n e c e ssary ! but helpful Write the Exp ress and 
N ew s Box No. 4371 sending all { qualifications and references. 
; 

W ould be interested in sales if willing to train, inquiries sent to 
Express News Box No 3962 
N u tritio n Cook F o r d a y cam p 
Large or sm all group. 533-1136 
Practical nurse. 19 yrs exp R e fs 
No 'iftirg Busline 125-6o41________ 
Will core to- elderly lady in my home 656-o593 

7o1 
ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

A AF AF * AF * AF o *¥* ¥• o * + 
I PUBLIC 
^ A U C T IO N 
J 1 9 o 3 - 1 9 5 7 

J Anything Newer Must Be Conv 
♦FORD LINCOLN 4 

Toke the Bus. 

A lm o s t 7 o % m o r e r o o m in s id e t h a n a b ig 
B jg s|jdjng d (}o r S e o t s ^ p e o p le 
D o m e s t ic s t a t io n w a g o n 

 u r - w h e e l 
In d e p e n d e n t S u s p e n s io n 
P o w e r f u l 2 - l it r e e n g i n e a n ci F ro n t d isc b r a k e s / 
O p t io n a l a u t o m a t ic w it h fu e l in je c tio n . 
R a d ia l t ir e s t r a n s m is s io n 
The 1977(&> Bus. 
A U T O W E E K sa y s it “ m igh t be the real b e st a ll-a ro u n d car in the w o rld .” 

V 
O 
L K 
S W 
A 
G 
E N 
OPEN 8 A.M.-9 P.M. 
*■ COME and SAVE 
.. ON AU 
77 DEMONSTRATORS 

3 Y r . / S O , O O O M il e W a r r a n t y A v a il a b l e 

U S E D V O L K S W A G E N S 

* 
* 

* 
* 
* 
+ 
+ 
* 
* 
* i f 
* F O R iA B O U T 
^SELLING CONTACT 

} BROOKS MOTORS 
J 
SPEC IA LIZ ED A U T O 
* 
SALES 
54- 

M ERCURY 
O NLY 

W U R ST H A LLE B LD G 

L A N D A PARK 

N E W B R A U N FE LS, TEX. 

JU N E 18, 1o o o A M 

INFORMATION 
BUYING 
OR 

ROOM CLERK 
Experienced Contact Mr. M aur- ins in person 9am-5pm M E N G E R 
H O T E L ___________________________ 
R O U T E C A R R IE R Needed tor 
New B ra u n te ls for the A u stin 
Am erican Statesm an Newspaper 
N eed a d e p e n d a b le ca r N e w ­ sp a p e rs d e liv e re d 7 d a y s per week Also m ust keep the books a n d co lle c t. 
M a k e bew een 
$65o-575o per month profit w ork­ ing 3-4 hours early in the morning 
For more inform ation call Rick 
H arrison in 
San 
M arcos at 
392-6681________________________ 
R O U T E D R IV E R Contact ond service accts., good co benefits 
562oo+ call Betty Grant, 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
E mploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
R O U T E D R IV E R Contact and service aceta., good co benefits 
5 6 2 o o + c o ll 
B e tty 
G ra n t, 
732-2261 SN E L L I NG & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd 

ROUTE DRIVE 
To s e rv ic e flow er stands. $12o g u a ra n te e d or c o m m issio n . 4 days Coll 699-o281 or 828-6822 

SALES - CASHIER 
Have m any openings in different departm ents! Need todoy* Gloria 
824-o227 Job Placem ents F m p ’cy- ment Service 5316 Son P et t __ 
Shaklee Natural Vitam ins, spore lime soles business. 684-456o 
1.ooo's of Jobs- 1oo's of choices 
Qualify now, earn and learn 
GO A R M Y 222-8812 or 653-o392 

1 9 2 ? S. SEGUIN ST. J 
* NEW BRAUNFELS. TW. 7813o ^ 

* 
PH 5 1 2 - 6 2 5 - 9 6 4 2 
* 

£ 
CONSIGN YOUR CAR NOW 
* 

JE 
* 
+ 
* + 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
* 

■7o A M X 2-Sealer 39o, power disc brakes, leather All original E x ­ cellent! 492 9626 

DEMO SALE 
OF THE YEAR! 
S A V E O V E R 

$ 
1 , o o o on som e m odels. 
HURRY in today. 
SUPPLY 
LIMITED 

V 
ONE OF 
THE FASTEST 
SELLING IM PO RTS. 
STATION W A G O N S & 
COUPES. 
19 77 

S U B A R U 

STA N D A RD 
SEDAN 
*3 2 2 o 
Plus Tax, Title & license. 

A N T IQ U E 1952 Buick 4 dr Road master. Good condition Best offer over 51ooo Curtis, 923-4o14_______ 
A N T IQ U E W alnut lam p table, stain leaded glass windows etched glass door. 5 oak chairs, vinyl 4 piece sofa set, 3 wood kitchen wall cabinets. 492-1766 

1976 FORD F-IO O RANGER 
Pickup, air conditioned, automatic, pow er steering, pow er brakes, radio. Low m ileage. 
S J I o % lf** 
EVEN SMELLS N EW 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
® 
SUBARU & BMW aa 
^ 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 
Aero** front W on dor la n d at Fredericksburg Rd. 

'7 6 MUSTANG ll JUST 
... 
*328o 
'74 CHEVY VAN 
*4o88 
'7 4 VW THING 
*2185 
'7 4 VW SUPERS,, 
*2595 
'7 4 VW BUS ( S R * 
*3895 
'7 5 GMC PICKUP';.. 
*3888 
2-’7 3 VW’s is"™"1 s2 195 
17 Q l i m 
SttmUfd. extra clew. 
I d " " leg igReaie......................... 
*1975 
’ 7 o Ii UU Super Bug. air, 
I L I Ti clean.................................. 
*1595 

'74 TOYOTA CEIICA W 
*3295 
'7o VW BUG lo. mileage 
*1395 

O v e r IOO n e w & u se d cars in stpck 

7o2-776 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS1722 TOYOTA 
725 - VOLVO 

, *> 
,;'W 
' y ■ v SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
: v 

■. P A R T S O P E N S A T . A l l D A Y ; , 
>* 

- i n 

3 3 o 3 B 
R 
O 
A 
D 
W 
A 
Y 
— * * 8 . 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 I, 

REDUCTION SALE 
75 FIREBIRD, coupe, auto, oir, power steering S brakes, stereo................. $2995 
74 OIOS Toronado coupe, auto., air, power steering & brakes, power windows 
& seats, extra sharp 
$2995 

'74 OLDS Wagon. 9 pass., oufo., power steering & brakes, stereo, oir, power windows- seofs, cruise control. $3895 

'74 HONDA Civic, 4-spd., radio................ $1995 

'73 CUTLASS Supreme, auto, oir, power steering & brakes, stereo, tope, vinyl top................... $2895 

'73 MARK ll, coupe, auto, air, power brakes, stereo $2495 
'73 CHRYSLER 
Newport, auto., air. power steering 8 brokes, radio.................. $1395 
'69 BUICK Skylark, auto, radio, power steering 
$795 

6o COMET 4 dr., oufo, 6 cylin­ der, overhauled engine. 
Nice 
$ 495 
TRUCKS 
'76 CHEVY Vt ton Pickup, auto, 
4-dr., air, radio, power steer ing................ 
$4995 

7 3 FORD F25o, 4-spd., 
Vt ton............ 
$1495 
'73 OODGE 
Club 
Cob 
Pickup, auto, power steering, a real b u y ................. $2495 
DREYER TOYOTA 
3834 Fredericksburg Rd. 
‘ 
7 3 6 - 4 4 7 1 

•72 Toyota Corolla 4 door, auto, oir, take over paym ents, assum e balance. 1oo% financing. Call E r ­ nie 681-3871 

•7o Toyota Corona, automatic, air, good condition, 655 8267 
_____ 
'71 T O Y O T A C O R O N A 51o95 
2-DOR DO O R, A U T O A IR C L E A N 
435-1641 

I *76 Volvo S.W. 265- Brand New, 
L e ss than 2oo miles, root rack, i stereo, am-tm cassette, full w ar­ ranty, must sell. 
$9ooo 
Firm 
I 492-1946. 

726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

-76 Toyota Corolla Deluxe. Air. 
$3o5o. 674-o275, IO lo 5, 684-88o1 after 5 and wkends.______________ 
■71 Toyota Corolla, good engine, new tra n sm issio n , autom atic, radio $75o. 696-2423. 
V e ry Clean 1971 Toyota Crow n 
Station Wagon, motor and trans­ m issio n just re b u ilt, ra d ia to r cleaned, good tires, and new bat­ tery 426-3742. (Hondo) 

723 TRIUMPH 

1977 B R A D L E Y GT i V W e n gin e , e x c e lle n t con d 
! Chrome tipped muffler, new m ags 
I ° nd tires. 342 6694. 
I 1951 Buick. Com pletely rebuilt i ‘71 Capri, am-fm cassette, 2ooo cc, motor Reasonable 684 31o5 aft. 
I p m. 

7o7 CAPRI 

6 I 3ompq, $9oo 532-o5oo or 534 5559 

195o Chevy 
Body in excellent condition, m e­ ch an ically good ru n n in g cond 
5165o 625 5546 New Braunfels 
2- SS C h e v y ’s, good shape, will sell motor • Irons 5325. 534 oo18 

‘74 C apri. VS, 4 spd., air, F M 
18-trock stereo Excellent 5195o. 
I 22o-2413 days; evenings 344-3115 
INTRODUCING 
LE CAR RENAULT R5 

6o Chrysler Windsor, One owner, 
6o,ooo miles, Original finish. New rubber, W E .Bryant, PO Box 23, 
Son Sabo, TX 76877 
Desoto, 1956, Fireflite, very rore, 
$75o 923-8136. 

738 CORVETTE 

A A A A L L T y p e s-Y e a r M o d e ls 
C O R V E T T E S , oriced reasonably 
699-1877 or 699-o294 
V E H IC L E S U N L IM IT E D 
'71 C orvette, 35o auto, clean, loaded, 547oo 623 1772 

I 195o Dodqe Coronet Gyrom atic, flathead 6. 
Immaculate. 
515oo. 
735-8971. 

: 64 C o rve tte co n ve rtib le , 327, 
4-sp d , A M F M -p o sitra c tio n , 
545oo 349-2297 ofter 7pm_________ 

S T A R T N O W local A m w oy D is trib u to r otters op p ly tor good earnings You pick the hours, we troin Prefer at least 2o and m ar­ ried For interview call 681-13o9 

STUDENTS 
O ur com pany has ll openings tor full time employm ent for college stu d e n ts. E x p e r ie n c e is not reauired. Call 653-7451 tor appt 

SUMMER JOBS 
Need young people to sell flowers 
51.75 an hr or com m ission. Call 
699-o281 or 828-6822 

1947 Fleetwood Cadillac Lim ou- 
Sine, 55,ooo 924-397o, 924 7284 
195o G M C ' i Ion pickup No en- 
Pine. 5175. 69o-7517; 681-1219 
‘75 Gull-Wing Bricklin, SNNo2284 
OI 28oo built. Projected value in 2 yrs 52o,ooo Perfect and original. 
8ooo miles. 
514,ooo 
Austin 
474 461o 

•68 Corvette 
Convertible, 455-199o 

‘62 L in c o ln C o n tin e n ta l Conv. 
4-dr., very nice $25oo 824-o912 

L O U TAX! 
195o B eard m ore Taxi with new 
F o rd C a p ri engine, new black lacquer, new white vinyl interior, stereo Good condition. 529oo. Bill 
Stephens 344-6214 

‘72 Corvette C onvertible, m int con dition. 554oo, or besf ofter m ust sell immediately 661-2963 
'65 Corvette 327 CU in 3oohp or- ginal engine, new point 1ob. 536oo or best offer, serious inquires. only 625 6833 of! 5:3o p m ________ 
•77 Corvette, red-btk leather, auto, air, power windows, tilt cruise, am-fm tope, 1,5oo miles, $965o or otter 432-3o42, 494-1922. 

193o M O D E L A F O R D Tow n 
Sedan Deluxe. Needs restoring 
655-934o__________________________ 
1924 M O D E L T T O U R IN G Body rough. 
Runs 
As is 
51195 
923 3219_______________________ _ 
'65 M ustang Classic Convertible. 
V 8, air, good cond. Eng. excellent. 
516oo. 674-6o13___________________ 
68 M u sta n g , C o n ve rtib le , M e­ chanically Restored, Needs Only 
Cosm etic W ork lo Finish. 52ooo. 
699-3571, 433-4627 
_ 
Shurp 64 G TO Convertible Fully loaded! 3 2s. Atter 
P M 533-o827 
'5o Studerbaker Champion, 4 dr. od, ond heater, license and in ­ spection, runs good, ready to res­ tore 535o. 434-7621. 

C O R V E T T E S - Alw ays a few good ones lo choose from at the right prices at 
C L A S S IC CO ACH W O R K S 
114o7 Son Pedro 344 2o1$ 

7o9-DATSUN 
B y ow ner, '73 D atsu n Deluxe, standard, $1495 Call 733 7956 
Datsun ‘76, B21o, 4-dr, automatic, a ir, low m iles, clean. O w n e r, 
52,75o 69o-991o, 494 7377 after 5. 

'66 T B IR D G O O D C O N D IT IO N 
L O A D E D $16oo 494-5891 

WANTED 

SUMMER WORK 
S19o PER WEEK 

CALL 341-22o5 

SUMMER WORK 

$52o- 
SW Air System s needs 16 trainees lo start work im mediately due to expansion. 
•No Experience Necessary 
•Rapid Advancem ent 
Coll tor interview 656-533o________ 
T E X A S A R M Y G U A R D H as , „ n WllIuc Wnn 
. — part time opening: Multi channel 
, * CX t engine. 
Operators; Telephone Installers; 
6se-1* ,3 oiler s 
T e le p h o n e R e p a irm a n ; o o k s, 
, nn r n x r in u n n n o T n n u ii. 
M echanics, Sw itchboard Opera 7o2 726 * FOREifiN SPORTSCARS tors 
Will train with pay. — ----------------------------- 
512-226-2o1o.______________________ 

TIRE CHANGER 
Full time work, must hove own transportation and neat appear­ ance. 681-153o 
W SI, H P E R Director, Sw im nas- 
. lin . tics Instructor Office M anager, / IM - AUDI 
Janitor. Coli Y W C A al 227-1441 

622 DOMESTIC 

D A T SU N 
B R Y S O N AU TO C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658 6271 
Datsun 61o, 74 2-dr., 4-speed, low mileage. Good tires. 5215o Call: 
822-3141.__________________________ 
‘75 Datsun Long bed pickup, am- fm radio, low mileage, 69o-8471 days, 
735-89o7 nights and weekends 

PERFORMANCE 

The car will not bore you. D u ring 1 97 6 , it look first in its class in 12 out of 16 races, beating H ondas, Datsuns, 
Pintos, Vegas, Toyotas and Fiats. G reat perform ance, plus 41 M P G highway, 2 5 M P G city, according to E P A tests. 'Remember: These m ileage figures are estimates. 
The acutal mileage you get will vary depending on the type of driving you do, your driving habits, your car s condition and optional equipment. 

Le C ar by Renault o 
BROUGHTON M O TO RS 
513o AUSTIN H W Y. 
6 5 5-o 2 41 

7 
o 
o 

COMBINATION FACTORY-DEALER 
R E B A T E 

O N EVERY NEW 1976 
O P E L 

LIM ITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M . 

B U I C K + C O . 

4 5 o o SA N PEDRO 
7 3 4 -4 2 2 1 

( 2 ) 
1974 
JAGUAR 

C o n v e rtib le s 

A il Extras 

(I) Racing green, auto­ 

 matic transmission 

(I) White, 4 speed 

THESE CLASSICS 

Last 
Jaguar convertibles 

 ever, truly an automotive 

 investment of beauty and 

 performance. 

Priced to sell 

I M P * /ITS 
TMI .Ute OF SPORTS CAR ACTIVITY 

I 82o B R O A D W A Y 
222-9121 

A L A M O S P O R T S C A R S 
Authorized Sales and Service 
Trium ph-Alfa Rom eo 
311) B R O A D W A Y 828-5511 
72 G T 6 Trium p h, AC, radio, I 
; owner , clean. $22oo. Call after 6. 
I 341-9264.__________________________ 
M A K E P A Y M E N T S N O DO W N 
'73 S P IT F IR E 224-6956 
1973 T rium p h Spitfire C o n ve rts bie R E D . Like new 52895 68) oo52 
■75 T riu m p h T R -7, w hite, air, 
I 22.ooo miles, am-fm tape, 824-o713 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

73 F A S T B A C K VW extra nice. 
$1495. 333-8152____________________ 

M I C A H SERVICE 
VW Rebuilds 5249 95 653-7866. 

I SELL NEW OP USED VWS 
I C A LL: P A T ____________ 732-7121 i 197o K e rm a n G hia, m int cond’. 
One owner, only one driver, 45,ooo m i M ake offer. 435-4542._________ 
M A K E P A Y M E N T S -N O DO W N 
VW D U N E B U G G Y 224-6956 
N O RTH LO O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 
4623 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G R O A D 
RO D E A S T V O L K S W A G E N 
14o2 N E. LO O P 41o 
828-12o1 

VACATION 
SPECIALS!! 
75 

73 

74 

72 

74 

73 

73 

73 
72 

69 

71 
7o 

MALIBU, 4-dr., loaded 
* 2 6 9 5 
BUICK 
Century wagon, loaded 
‘2 3 9 5 
MERCURY Montego MX, 4- door, loaded, extra sharp... .‘2 2 9 5 
LUXURY LE MANS 2-door hardtop, immaculate . . . ’2 2 9 5 
PONTIAC 
Catalina 
4-dr. 
Cleanest in town * 2 1 9 5 
BUICK Apollo, loaded. 2- dr., power, air . . ‘ 1 9 9 5 
CATALINA 4 dr extro nice.............. M 8 9 5 
LE SABRE Custom 4-dr., 
35o V8, loaded .’. 1 8 9 5 
IMPALA, 4-dr., loaded, I ow ner...........‘ I 6 9 5 
CAMARO. 
396 S S ........... *1 5 9 5 
FORO 4-dr., I-owner, like new .............‘ T 3 9 5 
FORO 
Torino, 
4-dr. hardtop, loaded ‘ I 2 9 5 

* EASY TERMS TO QUAUFIEC 
BUYERS 
* OPEN EVENINGS 
3oo3 S.W. Military Dr. 

9 2 2 -3 3 2 5 
9 2 2 -2 7 o 3 

'76 Scirroco. 4 spd, am -fm c a s ­ sette, air. 5425o. 684-2425 after 
Sp rn 
'73 Super Beetle. New battery and tires. A M -F M , air, uses regular gas 51875. 69o-9297 

VOLKSWAGEN 
ENGINES REBUILT 
5125. P L U S P A R T S, 653-7866. 

VOLKSWAGEN 
Parts-Service-Cars 
_____________655-1131 
‘74 v w Auto, air, low mi. excellent cond 528oo. 69o-8129_____________ 
I '75 V.W.B, 12 passenger, auto, air, 
3o,ooo miles, take over payments, assum e balance. 1oo% financing. 
: Call Ernie 681-3871.______________ 
7o VW Bug, excellent cond. 595o coll 671-3947 daytime, or 674-6459 evenings._____________ __________ 
‘7o VW BUG. Good condition 59oo. 
Call: 656-o4o2.____________________ 
I ‘74 VW B U G , m ags, tiger pow tires 5185o. 333-8152______________ 
VW B U G ’ 197+1o,722 miles. 51998 or take up p a y m e n ts. C a ll: 
225-65o1, must ask for Don Holtz 
'67 VW BUG. Needs repair. 52oo. 
Coll: 655-4653.____________________ 
VW Bus, '68 good condition, 5875- 
349-6688 must sell. 

JUNE SPECIALS! 

7 3 MUSTANG, 6, auto., o ir................... *2495 
'72 CUTLASS, auto., oir ‘2195 
'71 LTD, auto., air ... .’1o95 
'71 OPEL Wagon, ait.. .’1o95 
71 OPEL G T .............‘1895 
71 SKYLARK, auto., air *1595 
7 2 CHEVY Wagon . . . . ‘1795 
'71 VW Fastback . . . . ‘1o95 
'74 COURIER Pickup .. .*2295 
'73 RANGER Pickup . . . ’2695 
'6o VW Pickup, M T. 
695 
'67 FORD Wogon 
’ 595 
'71 TOYOTA 
‘1o95 

J & M MOTORS 
Va Mi. East of Main Gate 
RANDOLPH AFB on FM 78 
658-3452 

717 OPEL 

•72 P O R S C H E 914 
222-1342 
Porsche '68-'69, 912. Air, 5-speed, beautiful condition. 494-1598. 
1972 P O R S C H E 914, A M -F M , air, low mileage, 5385o firm. 658-9164 day*; 1-5S7-S154 evenings. 
■75 P orsche 914, 2 o. A M M, a p ­ pearance group. 56195. 695-9357 
Porsche 1965 C Coupe. Complete- ly rebuilt. 545oo or otter. 458-7891. 
‘74 Porsche, loaded, air, am-fm tape, like new. 35,ooomi. 555oo or offer 344-7177 
'71 Porsche 914. New 2 litre motor, mags, tape deck. New paint. 542oo firm 344-8956 

 i 715 MERCEDES BENZ 
716 MG 

71o FIAT 
714 -MAZDA 

C o b ra or Sh e lb y M u sta n g , or 
Sunbeam Tiger, any condition, private party, call 
494-1921, 
432-3o42. 

T ired of phony Sp o rtsc a rs that don't perform ? Want a Sportscar thol e veryone a d m ire s? T ry a classic 1974 white Lotus Europa. 
F m stereo tape, 26,ooo m iles, 
S-speed, fast and 28 M P G , for appl. Call 696 5125. 

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
7 4 FIAT 124 SPORT 
'75 D a tsu n , L W B P ic k up low 
C O U P E , Series 18oo, 5 speed, mileage, cab over cam per, air, am fm stereo, 658-348V 
J A M IS O N M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 
~ 69 F IA T 124, S p o rt cou pe. 
7 4 D A T S U N P I C K U P 
S-speed 5975. 828-4395 eves. 
J ok5_UP oav^erits, no eau'tv- call m u s t S E L L '74 Fiat, 27,ooo mi, 
Credit Manager, 349-6948 ____ 
524 Sport. $25oo 512-755 819o 

‘73 Mazda Coupe, 4 sped, radio, air. $1695. Tom Benson Imports, 
341-1356__________________________ 
'73 Mazda Coupe. 4 speed, radio, air $1695. Tom Benson Im ports 
341-1356 

‘72 Datsun pickup best offer 494-6148 
A ir $1o5o or 7575 
124 S p id e r (lo n v e tib le 
(orange). A M -F M radio, luggage 
73 Datsun 61o, 4 speed, air, new rack, 5 speed transmission. Only radial tires, I owner, 65,ooo miles. 53295. Motor Imports, 182o Brod- 
519oo or best offer. Call 653-o569 way, 222-9121 after 6PM, 

'72 Mazda 4 door, 4 speed, radio. 
51495. 
Tom 
Benson 
Im ports. 
341-1356 

76 MERCEDES 
BENZ 45o SL 
7 Tops, Silver, Red Leather, 
1o,7)9 
Miles, 
Loaded, 
Showroom New Condition. 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 loop 41o NE 
(Across from the Airport) 
8 2 8 -o 7 2 3 
■ M x a p n w B w B H i H M i 

I ‘74 M G M id get Convertible. E x ­ cellent condition. 4-spd., 4 cyl., excellent cond. 
G as saver! 
49+5163. 

1975 Porsche 91 IS Targa like new, 
11,ooo miles, black trim instead of chrom e, air, stereo, ca r cover hood, rally wheels. 
$145oo. 
824-3214 

197o VW C A M P E R 5)595 
P O P T O P , 
R A D IO , 
E X T R A 
C L E A N ! 435-164) 
'73 VW Cam per. Pop top. $34oo. 
Coll: 655-4857 ofter 6 p.m. 
'74 VW D A S H E R , a u to m a tic , 
52495. call 333-8152 

VW Engine Overhaul VW 
M E TR IC M A S T E R , 82+7427 

VW Engine Overhaul VW 
M E TR (C M A ST E R , 82+7427 
71 VW F A S T B A C K . R A D IO , 
ST A N D A R D . 51295-655-1131 
'71 VW 9 p assenger bus. 52ooo. 
223-5466 or 735-2839 8am -6pm Only 
'7o VW, pop-top cam per, rebuilt engine, air. Extras. 349-78oo 

’76 CEIICA GT 
Loaded, like new.____ $ 4 2 5 o 

7 3 DATSUN 2 4 o 2 
Air, looks blond new 
$ 3 5 7 5 

75 OLDS CUTLASS 
Air, auto, power, 21.ooo m $ 3 5 5 o 

74 CEIICA 
Air, stereo, vinyl roof 
$ 2 7 5 o 

7 4 HORNET 
Air, real nice 
$ 2 2 5 o 

72 G RAN PRIX 
Like brand new... .... $ 2 4 5 o 

T O Y O T A 
OF SEGUIN 
224-41 83 TOLL FREE 
OPEN EVES ’til 9 P.M. 

'77 VW Rabbit, air, am-fm, w ar­ ranty, call 65+6731, ofter 6pm 

‘75 Porsche 911-S. White, oir, ex­ cellent. M ake offer. 659-1446 

I ‘76 M G Midget, dark green with 719 ' PEUGEOT tan interior, 7,ooo m iles, oil ex- I1 tras. 49+3921, 341-3752 after 6. 
'76 M G M I D G E T . E x c e lle n t, 
17,ooo miles. Call 822-3o71. 

B R O U G H T O N M O T O R S 
213o Austin Hwy. 
655-o241 

717-OPEL 
72o SAAB 

'73 Mazda, loaded, 34,ooo mi, best over SI IOO. 658 o438 or 824-7576. 

1973 124 Spider Convertible (yel­ lo w ), A M F M ra d io , 5 sp e e d transm ission. Only 52695. M otor 
‘73 D A T SU N W AG O N $1795 
A IR , AU TO R A C K 435 1641 r74~Dr‘ u .,n 7x "n V r 'n'm.>m o .r . Imports. 182o Broadway, 222 9)2) eo 18,ooo mi. magnificent $48oo, 
34+o758 
-74 Datsun 26oZ loaded_______54 7 pp_______ 494-173o 
‘75 Datsun 28oZ, 2 + 2. Low m i„ loaded 556oo Mike: 824-o411 ext 
68, 657-1988 aft. 5 3o. 

711 

‘74 Audi Fox. 4-spd., excellent, air, stereo. 35.ooo mi 494-23o7 
1974 Audi IOO LS, auto, 4 dr., best offer. Call between 8 and 5, Ted, 

71o FIAT 

C o m p a n io n - d r iv e r fo r m y _______ m other Abie to cook breakfast 337-697o and lunch and live-in Tanglewood 
' ' 
* 
" 
A pt except for Wed. and Thur. 7 (IS - RW W 
Long weekends once o month. $7o uu urn” start. Please coll 826-4727_________ B M W 2oo2 4 sp kr A M -F M cos 
D e p e n d a b le liv e -in o ld e r o r seFTe, o ir, new p a in t, cle a n , sem i-refired couple. G ardening, 
224-58o1 ext. 218; after 5: 69o-o7o9. h o usew ork. N ice place to live, (‘74 B M W 2oo2. Sunroof, air, AM - 
Separate airs. 
Salary 
F M ste re o tape, low m ile s. 
__________________________ 82+96o1 days; 82+9988 eves 

'73 Fiat 128, air, 28 mag city, good car, 5125o 684-7826 oft 5 weekdays, all day sot sun 

76 Hondo Civic 
Hondo-Mafic D r >6 OOO ml. 8o5 N. 
Alamo, 226-3551 weekdays._______ 
I'7 5 Hondo H atchback 4 speed, radio. S2695. Tom B e n so n Im - ports 341-1356.___________________ 
■75 Honda Station wogon, 4 speed, radio, air $3295. Tom Benson Im ­ ports. 341-1356 

'76 Mazda Pickup, 4 speed, radio, air. $3695. Tom Benson Imports. 
341-13S6 
'75 Mazda Rofarv Engine Pickup. 
4 speed, radio, oir, $3o95. Tom 
Benson Imports. 341-1356._________ 
•73 Mazda, RX-2 
_____________674-2998_____________ 
•74 Mazda, RX4, 2 door, 4 speed, air, A M -F M , tape, 3o,ooo m iles, take o ve r p a y m e n ts, a ss u m e balance 1oo% financing. Coli Er- nie 681-3871_____________________— — 
— 
'76 Mazda Town Coupe like new, 718 'MG cream with tan vinyl. 655-9152 after 4pm. 

1974 M ercedes 28o Sedan, auto, stereo, white with sunroof, S8.195. 
349-5952__________________________ 
'68 Mercedes 25o Sedan Beautiful automobile 538oo 828-8626. 
‘74 M e rc e d e z B e n z 45o S E , 
Tobacco brown, autom atic, air, stereo, electric sun roof, cruise control. 513,995. 82+3214__________ 

Mission City Imports. Inc 
Authorized Dealer for M ercedes- 
Benz and S A A B 
382o SA N P E D R O 736-2243 

Opel S25o CasH 
En gin e overhauled, clutch and brakes, IO good wheels and tires, extra radiator, needs carburetor, 
I valve adjustment and timing and some electrical work. 
344-7o23 
I eves. 
O P E L 2-door 1974 Blue. 27,o98 m ile s. A ir , ra d io . T a k e up paym ents or $1683. Call: 225-65o1, must ask for Don Holtz 

• B U G S * 
'66 thru 74 M O D E L S 
C A L L B IL L : 82+442o 

721-SUBARU 

•76 S u b a ru . E x c e lle n t c o n d , 
+spd., std. Air, A M -F M console. 
3o mpg City. 531oo. 492-2961. 

‘72 O P E L GT, air 
Excellent. 
$22oo 
Devine 
___________ (1)663-5145____________ 
‘71 Opel G T. New paint. R u n s great 517oo 494-6513 otter 5:3o, anytime weekends 

722-TOYOTA 

•75 vw R A B B IT , excellent condi­ tion, low m i. L o a d e d . G ene, 
223-2981 Ext 179 days_____________ 
'72 VW 411 Sedan, auto. air, im ­ maculate 51195. 333-8152_________ 
VW S P E C IA L IS T S 
R E B U IL T SH O R T B L O C K S 
_____________349-4469_____________ 
68 VW Sq u a re b a ck . E x ce lle n t condition, 58oo 337-7566._________ 
69 VW Sq uareback 585o, 66,ooo miles, rebuilt engine, 674-1166 
‘67 VW Sauareback, overhauled engine, good gas m ileage. S475, 
65+841o ofter 5 ond on weekends 
'69 VW S a u a re b a c k , excellen t cond, 599+best otter. 49+3o87. 
'73 VW S U P E R 
A IR C O N D I- 
TIO N IN G . R A D IO . 655-1131 
I ‘75 VW S u p e r Beetle. A M - F M 
+traek stereo. Sunroof, metallic green Excellent condition 53o95 firm. 822-9726.____________________ 
'73 V W 'S u n e r Beetle. S p e c ia l equipped. 28,9oo ml. E xce lle n t cond. M ust see! 5195. 49+5o9o. 

BELOW WHOLESALE 
8ooK 
Som e clean used cars will be sold below w holesale 
N A D A book for a limited time. 
For information calf 

FRED NEIGHBORS 
2 2 7 - 1 4 1 1 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
A cross From Airport 828-o723 
524 N E. LO O P 41o 

1972 Opel GT, power brakes, air conditioning Excellent condition. 
522oo or m ake offer. 661-5527 

 fXPBfSS ANO N£W5 
CAU 225-1666 

Fiat, C o n ve rtib le , '7o S p id e r, 7 1 2 ‘ JAb*M !l 
5-speed, new valve job, am-fm, excellent cond. 5895. 222-o958 
1975 F ia t 13! 2-door, a ir co n d i­ tioned, radio, J speed, m etallic blue, good condition. Only $2995 
, , U A |. 
Motor imports. 182o Broadw ay, 
/ ( a - LnllLlA 
222-9121 

M ercedes 45o SLC, loaded, 1974, 
48,ooo mi. E xce lle n t condition. 
515,9oo. 226 (271 or 492-2216 

 i '73 R X 3 W agon, 33,ooo m ile s. 
$175o or best otter > 36-5668 

7 1 5 
MERCEDES BENZ 

64 M E R C E D E S B E N Z 19oD 
Good condition, call 734-oo71 
1974 Mercedes Benz SL45o. 49.ooo mites, loaded. 222-9511 tor further information 

'67 M G B 
C o n v e rtib le , w ire wheels, steel belted Michelin, new interior and top, bv owner, 
681-3882.__________________________ 
•7o M G B -G T . Y e llo w , 25 m p g 
Runs ond looks good 52ooo. Call 
Linda: 661-4611 or 65+6751 

'72 Opel Kodette 2 dr sedan, good condition, excellent gas mileage. 
51295 or best offer. 333-1658 after 
6pm. 

•74 C O R O L L A Coupe, standard, air, am-fm, new steel radials, new paint, 38,ooo ml. $21oo. 227 o938; 
73+3553 

'74 O pel M a n ta , sta n d , a ir, I owner 51795, 653-o1o6 W indcrest 
‘7o Opel W agon Radials, air, verv good condition. 735-o529. 
S E L L - T R A D E -Ope! station wagon 
‘72, auto, air, 37ooo miles. 695-8469 

'76 Fiat. Loaded, still in warranty. 
53(oo. 658-1453 atter 6 

M O T O R IM P O R T S 
182o Broadw ay 
222-9121 

M E R C E D E S ‘66. 25o S E 
With Sunroof, 734-oo71 

IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
I XPRfSS AND NtWS 

•75 MGB. Overdrive, A M -F M cas­ sette, m any e x tra s. L ik e new 
349-9355, 349-42o6 
_____ 

■74 M G M I D G E T , B u r g o n d v , ( 7 J 8 - PORSCHE 
52,6oo. Call atter 5:3o 684-1137 
'72 M G M ID G E T , con vertib le, am-fm. 31,ooo mi. $1595. 333-8152 

'72 Y E L L O W Ope! GT, auto. ster­ eo radio. 51595. 333-8152 

C A U 225 1666 

N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1236 N E. LO O P 41o 
824-3214 m r m s A N E T w r w ? — 
— 

•71 C O R O L L A 
4-door. $5oo. 349-78oo 
‘75 C o ro lla , 2o,ooo m i., M U S T 
S E L L ! 69+1783 after 5pm 
‘77 Corona. Like new 5-spd., air, 
4-dr. Stereo, A M -F M . 7,ooo mi, 
545oo 494-3988 
•73 C O R O N A M A R K ii W agon, 
4-door, standard, 2o-28 mpg. am- fm stereo, air, bucket seats. E x ­ cellent. 
$245o. 
342-7463 eves, weekends. 
IF v OU C A N B U Y A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R T H A N AT: 
P R E Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 

‘71 VW Su p e r radio, real nice, 
585o. 33+8152 
•72 VW S U P E R Sunroof, extra nice. 5139$. 333-8152 
■73 VW T ype III. Single owner, newly rebuilt motor. Air, A M -FM , r a d ia ls , fuel in je c tio n . D is c brakes. S195o. 223-58o2. 

GOOD-WEAK CREDIT?? 
With Stable Income? 

There is a way we can 

SELL YOU A CAR 

OR TRUCK 

* 6 o Models lo choose from 
PRICED From $495. 

KINNEY MOTORS 
3928 BROADWAY 

'69 VW W A G O N $895 
A U T O M A T IC 
655-1131 

725 -VOLVO 

| L IT T L E OR NO C R E D IT ? Need o ca r? Credit applications accepted by phone, ask for M r. V. 341-9412 
‘74 LOTUS, Mid-engine, 22,ooo mi air, radials, mags, am-fm radio 
: 73+9689 

P A R K T E N V O LV O 
IH SCO U T D E A L E R 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 732-2143 
7o Volvo, air, a-I condition S14oo, 
82+8436.__________________________ 
'75 Volvo 242. Air, oufo., stereo. 
M u st eell E x c e lle n t condition. 
65+9163; 65+1313. 

73o-743 AUTOHOBILtS 

MITO FMR 

7o M o rk ll 4-door, white, heat-air, auto, trans, radio, good tires, looks good. 684-76oo. 
•75 T o yo ta . Auto., a ir, 21,ooo I miles. 528oo cash Al: 532-9692. 
! 

'71 V o lv o 135 e x c e lle n t cond, rebuilt engine, $235o. 681-1658. 
68o2 Oesilu._________________ _____ 

IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 tx PRk >5 A N D N t W S 

A N N O U N C E S 
B E G I N N I N I 
J U N E IS T , W E L L B E O P E l 
9: A.M. TO M ID N IG H T . M O N .TH 
R U ' F R ID A Y , 9: TO 6: SAT. T< 
B E T T E R S E R V E O U R C U S 
T O M E R S. W H O L E S A L E TO T H I 
P U B L IC . S A. L A R G E S T IN 
D E P E N D E N T D E A L E R 
3515 C U L E B R A __________435-164 
C A U 2 2 5 -16 66 

N O N -COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE WITHOUT 

RATE CHANGE 

 e x p r e s s - n e w s 
~ 
D 
A 
1 V 
F I I C 
A i l e 
3 5 % 
S H 
TEXAS SIZE 
SAVINGS I 
2 LINES 
IO DAYS 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73o 7*3 T O S T O w m mmm\m m w mumms 
739-743'AOTBMBBILES 

San A n t o n i o EXPRESS-NEW S—-S u n d a y June 5 , 1 9 7 7 

73o 743 AUToMoS1LES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 • AUTOMOBILES 

P a g e 2 5 -D 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

Sill Heil 

W . C M c * 
Parts Manager 

■ v - ; 

J o b R u t o n 
Service Manager 

D i c k L a P e n t a 
Body Shop Manager 

D iplom at 4-door. Diplom at costs less. 

C o m p a re to O ld s C u tla s s 4 -d o o r S u p re m e 
Aspen 2>door Sport Coupe $3,894.oo 
Dodge Pick-up $3,997.oo S#867o 

C o m p a re to M o n te C a rlo . C o u g a r 
S# 5 8 o C o m p a re to O m e g a , N o v a . C o m e t 
C o m p a r e to C h e v ro le t, F o rd . In te rn a tio n a l, G M G 

7242 San PedroNorth Star Dodge 
THE COMPARISON DEALER 
341-2251 

----- 

GUNN OLDSMOBILE USED CAR 
In v e n to ry R eduction S ale 

Increased new car sale trade-in’s and truckloads of new Datsuns arriving daily force us to reduce our used car inventories by 5o% . Every car in stock is reduced, many below wholesale. You will find a good selection of makes, models and styles, ALL AT GREAT 
SAVINGS! 

7 5 PONTIAC GRAN SAFARI WAGON aurgondy w it* white top, V -*, automata transmission, power stoering A brokes, alf condltfoneil, radio, whito sidewalls, tower windows, 
SOfiOC only 29,ooo milos....................................................... J O T J 
7 5 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME COUPES 
3 to choose from, V -t, automatic transmission, power steering A brokes, air condMeaod,^ 
* 3 9 9 5 

74 PINTO RUNABOUT " t t . — 
4 $91oc air conditioned, 45,ooo milos 
......................... Z I r J 

74 BUICK LE SABRE COUPES 
8 automatic transmission, power steering * . brokes, oir conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, 51s i n r 
WERE $3295................................................................... 

 ra d io , w hite sid e w a lls. W ER E 5 4 4 9 5 . . 
V-8 autom atic 
7 5 BUICK 225 LIMITED SEDAN — .— transmission, power ,tearing A brakes, air conditioned, 
“ white Sidewalls and other luxury 
1JQQC 
Dont. WAS $ 5 4 9 J .......................................... 
4 Y Y 3 sa dig, - .... e q uip m ent. 
7 5 GRANADA GHIA COUPE 
„ f , transmission, power it ••ring A brokes, cir 

< I C u ^ c ^ iL W A *$3795’ 
7 4 DELTA ROYALE COUPES loZ.jT" automatic transmission, pawer steering A brakes, oir conditioned, radio, white sidewalls. 
%‘»OOK 
WERE 
..........................................................J Z T J 
7 6 CUTLASS SUPREME WAGON I S T 
, 
. silver, V -t automat it transmission, power steering A s e s ^ r a r s w t t i ® r " * . -!? •.. . .*4695 

Quality Used Cars A t Sensible Prices 
BIG TRADE-IN ALLOWANCES 

73 BUICK CENTURION CONVERTIBLE 
Green with 
* :> « top, 
V -t au tammie transmission, power steering A brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, cruise con­ trol and ether LUXURY 
EQUIPMENT. 
WAS 
$32*5 .......................................................................... 
72 PONTIAC LE MANS HARDTOP 
Dark gold, V -t automatic transmission, power 
Steering A brakes, air conditioned, radio, white j n n n r sidewalls. W A I $ 2 4 * i ..................................................l l T P 

*2895 

12 MONTH, 12,ooo MILE WARRANTY 

Mast of our used con treat 1974 gad newer qualify ter 
MXC. mechenkol breakdown insurance, available ut slight additional cast. 
75o N.E. Loop 41o at Broadway 
824-o411 

73o 7UIWIOIIMII.ES 

FOR WOMEN ONLY 
Need a car-limited credit but hove small down payment* 
Cor 225-79o9 ar 222-4411 Ext 279 
HERA AVALON ingle Women-Divoreee’s 
Having trouble buying a car, let me help j 
C A U . AOB, 924-6471 
TEXAS AUTO SALES lour specialty - extra nice used cars. 923-4341 -923 o737 

731-MIC 

 ri'Ambussoiior wagon. I cyi, ful- ly eauip. clean. SWS 534-7145 
74 AMC Hamel, auto air, gas saver. S195o. 341 3933 
■75 AMC M atador 2 dr" hardier., 
Very clean 52495-655-8259 
AMER ICAN MTR SITARS 
54oo ALL AM ERICAN 
G IVE AWAY 
ELLIS MOTOR CO 
! 
IH3S-SO Son Marcos 392-o1o7 tm 
......... . 
73 Brougham Wagon, leaded, 
[new tires, excellent 349-1489. 
'77 Gremlin, Uke new. tufty load- led, aute « ran s m i*sio n , $356o, 
'661-4354 or 653-o749. 
R E M L IN , 6 standard, a ir I 
494-5313 ________________ __ rem lin X std, a ir, stereo, 
V new paint, $t«95 674-4545 
NAVE 
OOWN 
PAYMENT 
• u t little et no credit owl looking for new or used coft 
Call Herb 225 79o9 ar 222-8411 ex* 
279 
SI sod. Moving must sell V3 Hor- net, air, Soaded, 828-2656. 

732 - BUICK 
7 3 2 - U l C t 
1732 - BUICK 

73 Buick Century, Ir k, automatic, power. Factory air. E xcellent condition $25*5 Will trade 923 2883 

■Ii' BU I,, plectra BIS O ru n , vin- I 
IV l' 

I W 
M 
B B T E * e* " ent C<Wd m” Excmten^ c « d S266«: 
— ------------- 
I 734-2$$I; after 7 : 674-417o. 

7 5 BSICX CENTURY 
CUSTOM COUPE, Leaded 
13*95 
734-4321 

Dower**nef dawn talce over low 
Convertible, ‘6* Buick S kylark, payments? Randy’ 4I1?W*2 
' ° W m auto air, $19oo. 494-14o7 

7 4 .B u ic k ...S te c lr a Landau', 
Buick ‘7$ Century b ra n Sport. 
A ir, pow er, cruise, till w heel, 
AM-FM. 
S27M value, sacrifice 
SI W M W -5487 

822-oo$$ 
172 LeSobre, 2dr., hardtop, air, f t " Buick E le c tra m ” 2 -d r"hard out? •MdRanf $14*5 4*3-34* top, e x tra clean . E x tra good 
74 OMEGA, auto, air. $1956. call 

•7* Buick Century Special, 23,oho m iles, pow er steerin g , pow er brokes, am-fm radio, tnt steering wheel, cruise control, 2 dr hard­ top. $45oo, 533-7133 or 4*o-82o3 
72 Buick Centurion. 4-dr. h ard ­ top, factory air, oil pawer, AM- 
FM stereo, vinyl top, steel radials. 
Low mileage, excellent, $216o. 
653-4141. 

Coll: 422-3171 eves, 
I *74 R E G E L , landau root, a ir, 
‘64 B U IC K L eS o b re S tatio n - 
AM-FM, power steering, brakes, wagon, just inspected, top cond!- i excellent condition. 655-2*25 
•lo?- 
• • p u n* 1 cunning cor. 
<6* iKV'LARK. d o o tfen g , clean. 
J44'42*1 
, 
.... I Air, power. $4*5 firm 735-7o27. 
B U IC K L E S A B R E 1*74. N ic e ffo'nifeTred';.M UST S E L L ! 
7o cor Take up payments or 
Buick teS ab re . M int cond., tilt 
$2133. Call: 225-4561, must ask tor leering , Cruisomatic. Fully load- pon HOI tx 
_ ed. $956. 473-4*32 , 349 463o. 
*73 B U IC K C e h fiirio n , 2-door herd*op, all power, factory air, 
$13*5 
*«% financing available 
224-441o 
73 B U IC K C e n tu rio n , 2-d ear hardtop, oil pawer, factory air. 
$13*5. 9o% fine Ring available. 

 air, radio, auto. 5766. 344 7o41. 
799 
P IM M AP 

 factory air. Like new 559*5 Will 
‘74 Biorrltr White rtd trim Ex­ trade *23-2413 collen! cond 654-1*55 ofter 5. 
•75 buick Riviera, l oaded, excel- , 7o Cadillac A m bulance, fully lent condition. 4*4-7137. equipped, oxgen air, 435 74o8 

72 Buick Electra 225 Limited. 2 dr., I awner, $17*5 655-3524 

74 Buick R iv ie ra 
Loaded, all I ‘68 CADILLAC CLEAN CA R ! 2937 le a th e r in te rio r. $35*5. C a ll 
Roosevelt 

BUICK, 1*73 ELECTRA, I owner. 
Excellent condition. 4 door, all extras. AM FM stereo, pow er windows, deer and seats $2456. 
341-7261, Kites 4*4-7444. 

, , , 
, 
. -z—j - — looded, inctuulng leather interior 
J3 ,,uAc-‘‘. A ,v,• r?:-L. ^ * « , N * * 
$86*5. 824-3214 hr**, $2456 firm 34*-26/4 r ,- ; 7 ~ ja ..**g......— •— — ------ ------ 

?A?1 - y.7A.*1LYISI3L‘ L ow transporoti'on, S475 656-8416 oiler 
C lM nt 113*5 $26 27*3 s and en weekends 
‘72 Buick Electra Lmt, al! power, 
A M -F M s tereo , e x c e lle n t, I owner. $266o. 654-2242. 
6« iU lC K S K Y L A K K , * d e e r U 2 CA D ILLA C Coupe de Ville, flvollabl*. loaded, im m a c u la te , low mi 
214^416 
| 1WS 33J-415J 
71 BUICK E L E C T R A >225'. Alt power, air. 2*37 Roosevelt 
7 o buick E lectro 225. Air, ail power, new tires and battery. E x­ cellent conc)., I awner. SHOO Mrs. 
Flores: *25-7221; after 7: 344-1435 
CAU 225 1666 

72 Buick Sports Wagon. Auto., 
* t Codiirac Cauoe Devote"1'new 
SZJ'XSL'ESiP', U S r ' I t tires, new e x ^ u s t Robuilt frent dows, door locks, seats. AM -FM , end. $756 or offer $24-2762 chrome wheels. Fantastic cond!- 
------ 
Won! $1995. $22-1449. 
C A D IL L A C p E V IL L E _ 2 -d o a r 
—— ---------- r ;T 
,- ,- : n 
----------------- . w * . Completely loaded: Take up 
14 225 16*6 payments or S7483 Coll: 225-65o1, 
IXPRtSS a n d n iw s must ask tor Don Haiti 

I S REAL NICE C A R S ! 
I 
“See These * *{* '* 
— 
You Bu j 
1 
74 CADILLAC 
| 
El Dorado (pe., 37,ooo 
| 
I miiei, extra nice.... 
75 BUICK 
- 
I a ^ " : 36:o” 775o1 
I 76 PONTIAC 
I 
I Grand 
Prix, 
16,ooo 
® milts, txtro tire n e ve r,.___ I 
■ 

 used........................... 
4 8 5 o I 
74 DODGE 

_ Monaco 
Brougham, 
I fully equipped, only 
■ 16,OOO miles.............. m* mw — 
I 74 PEUGEOT 
I 
5 Diesel 
Sedon, fully 
■ 
■ equipped.......................* 6 o o o 1 i BROUGHTON I 
I 
MOTORS i 
I 
2 1 3 o AUSTIN H W Y. 
I 
^ 
6 5 5 -o 2 4 1 
I 

733 CADILLAC 

*275o 

77 Cadillac D'Elegance. Low mi., fully loaded. S945C 735-6173. 
72 Cadillac 4 dr. Rough outside but runs good. Low M ile a g e . 
SI 5oo 658-8487 after 6. 
73 Cadillac EiDorado" All extras" 
Sunroof. One owner. V ery low m ileage 
Like new S4495 W ilt trode 923-2183 
75 Cadillac Eldorado Convert!- ble, $8,5oo. 349-1855. 
‘71 CADILLAC Eldorado Conver­ tible 535oo. 627-2524 
966 C a d illa c F le e tw o o d 75 
Limousine, new tires, 675-o437 

76 CADILLAC FLEETWOOD 
BROUGHAM. Has all the extra 
................................................. $9395 
736-4321 
69 Cadillac H earse e x c e lle n t 
29.ooo mites must sell 435-74o1. 
Cadillac. Mite new * f i Fleetwood 
Brougham D 'E legance. E v e ry option except sunroof Complete sve. records available al Riato 
By orig, owner. 494-6839, 656-1313. 
1*69 C A D ILLA C , new steel belt radial tires, $7oo . 657-1o56 
7o Cftifcc 9 P tB iN ir 
Llmosuine ‘75. 41,ooo mi. $2595 i Hild Auto Sates 36oo SW M ilitary 
•68 Cadillac Sedan bey ill*. Fully equipped. Like now $1195 Witt trade 923-2883________ 
*71 Cadillac Sedan deVllle, blue, 
516oo. 494-5186 Oft. 6pm. 
C a d illa c 1973 Sedon D e v ille . 
4-door hardtop Full power and air Good condition 67,ooo mile* 
$3295-492-94o5 
7G Cif Sri DIMM 
Like new, Warranty, TAB o197 
74 Coupe Deville. AU pawer, all extras Perfect cond. 49o-1o25, 
D X DUNLAP MOTORS 
♦17 Broadway 
227-2173 
Cad-Olds-Lmcoln Clr. 
__ 
'76 ELDS (fO N V E R T iB t S .lfic T white, grime. ii2,9oo. 655-7264 
I 74 El Dorado immaculate, Show­ room condition. C abretet top, 
14,o8o m iles. Loaded 
Leather upholster 
Coll: 
342-2868 or 
824-6839.__________________ 

’75 ELDORADO immaculate, 1o,5oo mi. S vogue tires, oil extras, must sell 
734-3311____________________ ______ 
75 ELDORADO, Maroon loaded, white vinyl top Excellent Orig owner. $7,ooo.225-7o4o 
‘73 Limousine D u ra tio n , am-fm radio, double air conditione; unit perfect condition 435 74o8 is' 2 25 - I 666 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

SILLS • RENTS a LEASES 

GILLESPIE FORD 

NEW '77 
GRANADA 
4 dr 
Stock #3156 
OVER 8o 
GRANADAS 
IN STOCK 

GRANADA SALE 
■ 
* I SISI oo ROHR 
C A S H O R T R A D E 

Cath Puce of $48o7 with $188 OO d ow n en approved credit for 48 mantic at SI23.14 per month A n n u a l percentage rat* 12 68, deferred price $6 o 9 8 22 Stale fan, license ca eluded Stock #3156 

Air Conditioned 

Automatic Transmission 

Power Steering 

25o CID 6 Cylinder 

Whitewalls 

Tinted Glass 
Wheel Covers 

$ ‘3oo to *5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

2311 Broadway - 227-1415 

MG Convertible Coupe.....................*1795 
MG Convertible Coupe.....................!2475 
MALIBU SS Coupe .......................... ‘ 1195 
HONDA Civic, 2-door, automatic, air’2895 
VOLKSWAGEN 8-passenger bus .... ‘1995 
MUSTANG .......................................‘ 1295 
MUSTANG ...................................... ‘ 1295 
. /OLKSWAGEN Rabbit, 4-door ...... ‘2895 
PONTIAC 4-door ............................. ‘2795 
THUNDERBIRD 2-door..................... ‘4995 
CUTLASS Supreme, 2-door ......... 
‘2995 
CONTINENTAL Town Car .............. ‘3995 
MALIBU Classic. 2-door................... ‘2695 
GRAND PRIX ................................... ‘2895 
MONTE CARLO, 2-door................... ‘2995 
GRAN TORINO 2-dcor.................... ‘1995 
VOLKSWAGEN 2-door ....................* 99o 

2755 S.W Military Drive-9 2 3 -4 5 4 1 
'74 FORD Goloxie 5oo, 4 dear 
‘2595 
'72 CHEVROLET Coprice ..................... M895 
'74 GRAN Torino Squire Wogon ......... ‘3495 
'49 FORD, 4 door ................................... ‘1695 
7 3 
CHEVROLET Coprice, 4 door 
‘2595 
75 
BUICK Electra, 4 door, 225 .............‘4995 
74 IMPALA, 4 door ......................... ‘2895 
'67 FORD Golaxie 5oo, 4 door 
M295 
'69 E1oo Ford Van ............... 
MC95 
'75 F-25o Ford Pickup ............................‘3395 
75 F-1 OO Ford Explorer ................. 
‘4395 
'73 LTO Ford Brougham, 4 door 
‘2595 
'73 
MONTE Cark), 2 door ......................‘3395 
75 
FORD Maveric, 4 door.................... >2995 

2 o 1 4 G o liad Road — 3 3 3 6 7 2 o 

75 THUNDERBIRD, silver luxury group 
‘5995 
73 BUICK Century Station Wagon, air, power 
- ................................. 
$3o95 
76 PINTO, 3-door Souire V-6 air. cower 
....................... 
‘4295 
'75 FORD Elite, 2-door, an, power ....... ‘4295 
'72 FORD MOO Sport Custom, air. cower 
.......................................................... ‘2595 
7 6 FORD F-25o Ranger XLT, cir, power ‘5995 
'77 CUTLASS Brougham, 2-door, air, power 
........................................................... ‘6995 
72 IMPALA, 4-door, air, power ........... ‘2195 
75 PINTO, 4-cylinder, automatic, air, stereo 
........................................................... ‘3295 
'71 PINTO 2-door, 4-cylinder, standard 
(Special) .......................................... * 795 
'73 FORD F-1 OO Explorer, air, power, auto­ matic ..................... 
*3895 
'76 FORD E-15o Cargo Van, air, power, auto­ matic ............................................... ‘5995 
'74 FORD E-2oo Club Wagon, 12-passenger, a ir....................................................... ‘5295 
75 FORD LTD, 4-door, air, power, extra clean 
........................................................ ‘3695 
'75 FORD F-15o, Pickup, stupes, V-8, auto­ matic ...................................... 
‘3695 

1722 Austin Highway—826-3287 

'72 GRAN Torino, 4-door 
‘1697 
'76 PINTO Runabout, 3-door .......... ‘3o95 » 
74 OLDSMOBILE Delta Royale 88 4-door 
I.................. 
‘2986 
7 5 INTERNATIONAL Scout, 4 x 
‘48o2 

GRAN TORINO Squirt Wagon ....... ‘4525 
FORD Explorer Pickup ..................... ‘2718 
FORD Ranger Pickup ...................... ‘3264 
PONTIAC Catalina, 4-door ............ * 862 
GRAND Prix 2-door .................... *1676 
DATSUN Coupe................................. ‘ 1883 
FORD Elite 2-door ...... 
*4o55 
FORD F-25o Super Cab................... ‘4576 
MONARCH Ghio, 4-door ............... ‘4968 
CUTLASS Supreme Brougham 2-door, hordtop................ 
*5oo1 
PLYMOUTH Volare Station Wogon 
*4oo5 
MERCURY Montego, 2-door hardtop ‘2177 
PONTIAC LeMant, 2-door hardtop . ‘1998 

TRUCK & JEEP DEPT. 
2411 BROADWAY — 227-1419 

'74 FORD F-1oo Pickup......................... *1729 
76 TOYOTA Pickup, 5-speed, air ........ *3647 
73 JEEP Wagoneer, 4-wheel drive 
‘27o7 
73 FORD F-1 OO Explorer Pickup, loaded ‘23o9 
'74 CHEVROLET to*lon 4-wheel drive >kkup 
........... 
7999 
'74 CHEVROLET %-ton pickup, loaded . ‘2881 
'74 FORD F-35o, overhead camper loaded 

........................................................ '6 3 8 8 
'74 FORD MOO Pickup, loaded ........... ‘3o87 
75 FORD MSO Pickup......................... ‘3499 
75 JEEP Cherokee 2-door, 4-wheel drive 
......................................................... ‘446 6 
75 TOYOTA Pickup, 4-cylinder, camper tent 
.................................................. ‘2994 
75 FORD E-15o Cargo V a n .................. *4o67 

“ Y O U C A N AFF O R D A FOR D F R O M GILLESPIE” m 
GILLESPIE^ 

23oo Broadway • 227-1411 
2311 Broadway a 327-141 5 
2411 Broadwc 
* 227-1419 
12755 S.W. Mill ,ry a 923-4541 
2o14 Goliad Road a 333-672o 
1722 Austin Hwy. • 826-3287 

SELLS a RENTS a LEASES 

733 C8BILUC 

MATA CADILLAC 
. 117 LEXINGTON________3167221 
I T SEDAN O S L C O A M C S . law mileage, colt 922-2724__________ 
Toke ever payments 1*75 CADIE 
LAC COUPE D E V IL L E , I Moor loaded Leather interior, AM -FM tape Balance $662o, no equity. 
Coll: Dennis 222-6986 

JU M M R 

^ I^ o m a r o T R S T r T R T T Y T lT e 
Heads Complete. *25o. 5J Chevy 
Fiberglass Pron! End. *23-o486 
CAMARO 76. Immaculate toned 
Won. SIO , air, AM p m tape Pack 
M U S T S E L L ! SHOO or m a k e cher. 349-3o19 otter 6 p rn 
1975 C A M A ld ,lo A D E o*26*5*5, 
, 695-8o SS 
____________ 
(XPRfSS AND NIWS 
--- 

 i i m a 
734 • CBEVMMfT 

74 Camara, leaded,, taw m iles, good condition sealed bid only evadable for inspection Monday and Tues. Tom-Sp rn. state Form int Co 2943 MOS! Rock 
75 CAm A r 6 / l 6 w M IL E A G E , coli 922-2724 
•74 Comoro Lf"."^5o, auto., air, 
AM-FM, 
37,6oo mi. 
Must sell 
342-44o7. 

‘74 Comoro LT, loaded. 437*5 
Tom Benson imports 
1411354 
•73 CA M A R O LY , p o w a r. a ir , 
Ratty Sport SI99S. 
WFV Motors, 2415 Vane* Jackson 
‘7 J C A M A R O ’ RO ll'v'S ti o rf, Tit Cl power, no equity, toke over low monthly payments, coll Randy 
611-3492 

734 CHEVROLET________ ti 'Com oro i i i , T s p c T ^ le a n 
SI2o6. Coll: 344-1o81. 
74 Comoro, 3JO V-*, low mi, load- td $3595 69o 9935 after S 
77 Caprice Clastic, I door, AM- 
PM tope, power windows, power seats, cruise, auto, air, must sell now Will help finance. Call Art, 
699-1434 

T A U 22 5 1646 

 f 

P a g e 2 6 - D 
__ 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday June 5, 1977 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 74 3 -AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743-AUTOMOBILES 

I 
P 
W 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

GOLD BOND STAMPS M 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ^ 

A 
N 
Y 
N 
E 
W 
L 
T 
D 

TAI 
PAYM EN TS 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 
27 other (ors to choose from. 
Most hove oir and power. 

Portia! list 
Bal. t lb Cougar XR 7 
$4982 

'72 Buick Wagon 
, 
$1862 

'74 (hey Impala .. 
$1487 

76 Firebird [spirit 
$4964 

'75 N ova............ 
$1981, 

'74 Gron Prix........ 
$2992 bl MALIBU t 39! 

'67 Datsun . 
$ 472 

73 Catalina 
$1273 

7o Mustang 
$ 997 

73 Olds 98 
$1396 

Call 
RICK CARTER 
2 2 2 -1 6 8 5 
222-861 I 
1o2S SAN PEDRO 

V-8, automatic transmission, factory air, power steering, power brakes, whitewall tires, and tinted glass. 

5,ooo Gold Bond 
Stamps with the purchase of any used car. 
I 
N 
S 
T 
O 
C 
K 

FREE TRIP to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. 4 days and 
3-nights, air fare, ac­ comodation and $25o cash. 
(NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 
TO REGISTER) 
ALL PRICES INCLUDE DEALER PREP AND FREIGHT 
* D O E S N O T include state taxes, title a nd license 
DmMrtmvtA 
S A V E T IM E !!! S A V E M O N E Y ! ! ! 

• CLOSED SATURDAY 
341 -5571 

* • OPEN SU NDAY I c a n p f d d o 
♦ ★ ★ ♦ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ W 
W 
* * * * * * * * * * * * 

 r ~ 

7 4 M O N T I CARLO 

Automatic, Air, Tilt Wheel, AM 
FM Stereo 
$3495 
SHARP, CLEAN CAR 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 loop 41o NE 
(across front tho Airport) 
828-o723 

737 FORD 

‘75 FO R D LTD S E D A N 52595 
LO A DED * 
MAS 
W A R R A N T Y 
___________ 435-1641____________ 
Ford Mustang-76 
Loaded 
-Assume 
Balance 
Call Herb: 225-79o9 or 
_______ 648-1934 
F O R D T O R IN O 1975, take up payments or 52683. Call: 225-65o1, must ask for Don Hotti_________ 
Ford Torino Station W agon, ‘72 power steering, pow er brakes, air, good tires, good cond, make ofter. 344-7368._________________ 
•67 G a la x ie 5oo. A uto, radio , heater, pow er ste e rin g, good tronsporotion. 5195. 435-o277 
‘73 G a ia x ie ‘SOO’ 2-door H T. l-owner. Cleon 
828-6355, After 
7 , 696-o3o3.____________________ 
‘64 G a la x ie 5oo 4 door. 525o 
433-33oo. 633o Bueno Vlsto_______ 
‘73 G alaxy 5oo. Body dam aged. 
55oo or best offer 656-5377 
G as Saver, '64 Ford, 2 dr. very good condition, 545o. 679-78o7 
‘76 G ran ad a, auto, air, pow er steering, wire wheel covers, am- 
I track, transferring out, 
824-6548. 
'75 G ranada. 6 cyl., very econ­ omical. 53ooo. 344-7465.__________ 
‘73 G ran d Torino Sports, Air, 
Power, Auto , 51995. 494-184o 
‘72 Gran Torino Sport Coupe 51795 
826-2793 

.‘5295 

‘3195 

‘3995 

MISSION CHEVROLET 
USED CAR SPECIALS 

M E C H A N IC A L 
IN S U R A N C E 
A V A IL ­ 
ABLE O N M O S T C A R S . 12 M O N T H S 
O R I 2 ,o o o M ILES. GET DETAILS. 

7 7 IMPALA SEDAN vs. tronimlilio., power flooring, power brake!, air conditioned, AM/SM radio, tilt whoel, cruise con- i r a n trot, white sidewall*......................................... J S T 
77 MALIBU SPORT COUPE 5 r m,UrmSS« transmission, power fleering, power brakes, air c ann conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, 3,ooo miles. . 4 V t 
76 FORD ESTATE WAGON vt' Z Z : mission, power fleering, power brakes, sir con- jrftn diHoned, radio, whit# sidewalls, top rock............ J S T 
ITA. A in u A /"Al IBE Silver, VI, automatic trans- 
/O rf U V A L U U rC mission, power steering, power brokes, air conditioned, radio, white in n n sidewalls..........................................................’39V 

76 MONTE CARLO LANDAU B S S S t £ 
V t automatic transmission, power fleering, power brakes, air conditioned, AM IM radio, tnt wheel, white sidewall*..................................... 
76 FORD PINTO HATCHBACK 4UCcVlk*i'er, automatic transmission, ra«Sia, wtifta sidewalls.. . * 
76 OLDS DELTA 88 VI, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls...................................... 

*7 1 M ftl/A m i m e Whif* 6 cylinder, automatic 
I O N U V A L U U r t transmission, air conditioned, power steering, power brakes, radio, white t a o n r sidewalls, nice. 7. . . . ................ ..................... 3 8 9 5 

76 VEGA NOMAD WAGON tuh r t w C 

 milos, still undo? warranty. !. m.°9. wW’.'.2'. 
‘2995 

75 VW RABBIT SEDAN speed, air condition- iOQQC od, AM/FM radio............................................ A T Y J 

I T I I i A i ID U IAI A P A ti Stiver, 
VS, automatic 
/ ) m A llD U W A w U N transmission, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, radio, t n i n r white sidewalls............................................... 3 o “ J 

I y r ae « tir n i/ u time green, 6 cylinder, automatic 
/ J m A V t K IL A transmission, air conditioned, $4f)nr power stooring, radio, white sidewalls, nice 
J A Y J 

75 W 
TRANS AM £p,%iw? f # r x ' conditioned, power steering, power brakes......... 41)73 

7 5 £ f l!5 A R o 2 
* 
^ power steering, power 5^2 9 5 

75 MALIBU SEDAN sEaJErilL*’ 
‘ oir €ondittoned, radio, white 

75 PONTIAC GRAN PRIX motic transmission, pow*' brakes, air conditioned, siaawallt. 
,U" roof' F°w* r windows, white S J 2 9 5 

75 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME COUPE 
White with blue vinyl top, 
VB, automatic transmission, power stooring, power brakes, oir conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, bucket soots, t j n n r consol#........................................................... 4 / t J 

75 FORD GRAND TORINO SEDAN 
H u e , V S , ct ufo m a tic tran sm ission , p o w e r sto o rin g, power brakes, air conditioned, radio, whit# ‘2 6 9 5 

74 NOVA SS COUPE the floor, b u ck e t soots, S O A Q C 
A M / F M T a p e ...................... 
/ H Y J 

74 PONTIAC LEMANS COUPE 5r„u.eb,u* m a t h tran sittlo n , p o w e r sto o rin g, p o w e r brake s, w h ite sid e w alls, bucket air conditioned radio, seats 
‘3295 

S k y blue. 

J o r d a n 
S a f e 
/ 

N U M B E R O N E B E C A U S E O U R C U S T O M E R S A R E " N U M B E R O N E " W IT H US! 
— 
NORTHSIDf 
N O W A T — LO O P 4 1o at PERRIN-BEITEL 
657-333o 
75 AMO PACER automatic, . $ mr 
* . 
| 7 5 OLDS ^ 
9o:..7:d°o,:.tiy'' ‘ 2995 

 r7 5 M E R C U R Y | r ? 5 
13495 

DOWNTOWN 
D U R A N G O at S. ST. M A R Y S 
227-1311 
7 7 COUGAR automatic, air, power 
’ 6995 

’ 7 7 MUSTANG S S I*: 
‘ 5195 
I ’ 76 MONTEGO o ^ w ., 
‘ 3995 

SOUTHSIDE 
4 1 4 S.W. M ILITAR Y DR. 
923-4566 

17o ilCDPIIDV Come' 2-door, si QQC 
I 3 
IflL H V 
V ll I automatic, air 
I J J J 

7 4 ’A M 
C ' S 

7 3 SUBARU 

J a v e lin , a u t o . , a ir , lo w 

2-door standard, air 
‘2895 

1795 

OUGARr^., wL,,rw‘ l2795 

7 3 VEGA “ 
“ ....................‘ 1295 
7 2 GRAND Beautiful blue • ‘2395 

■ 7 2 VOLKSWAGEN ^ , ; un s1495 

71 CHEVROLET;^; 

76 GRAN TORINO 2-door,' 
J M O Q C a u to m a tic , ' air, p o w e r 
J . '. '. . . . : . , . . / '“ f c ' v i t 

I J C 
I T H 
Brougham 2-door, 
S 4 o Q C 
1 3 L I I # air, power, automatic .. 
T L J 3 
7 5 CAPRICE er, automatic 
‘3915 

7 5 MALIBU automatic .. 
‘ 3495 

’ 7 C n i y T A 3-door, Runabout 
S O O Q C 
I 3 I 111 I ll automatic, radio 
... 
L J J J 

7 5 FORD kcC 
‘ 2995 
74 MUSTANG 2-door, air, 
S O O Q C power, automatic 
..... 
L O 3 3 

7 3 F O R D g r i ^ , - ‘ 1495 

» 7 C M r D P H D V Marquis 4-door, 
I 3 m t K U J K T a u t o m a t i c , cur, $ o O A T 
D o w e r ................. x l s i v s# 
’74 CHEVROLET Nova 4-door JC A Q P 
Sedan, automatic; V-8, air . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ' A 3 3 3 

7 6 FORD FX4iotdll*don: 
‘ 43951 n 

Nova 2-door auto- 
V i l L w T m a t i c , V-8, radio, $ 1595 

7 1 MERCURY s 
Brougham, 4-door. This weeks special! 

’ 76 GRANADA power, automatic 
4-door, air, 
‘ 4495 

13951 
’76 GRAND PRIX slfiqc fully loaded, beautiful blue only ......... 
T U 3 w 
’ 75 MONTE CARLO 
,q 7 o c i 
2-door fully loaded, only .................. v I v l ) I 
’73 CADILLAC Deville 
Brougham, 4-door, only ..................... 
3 3 3 3 

ON-THE-SPOT 

BANK RATE 

FINANCING 

MANY UNITS ELIGIBLE 

FOR EXTENDED 

SERVICE POLICY 

1 'WOW! DO WE HA VE A DEAL EOD YOU! 

INSTANT CASH 

Paid on the spot for clean used cars a n d trucks. Stop in for free a p p ra isa l. 

U S E D C A R D E P A R T M E N T 
TOM BENSON 
CHEVROLET 
. 94oo San Pedro < 

7 3 4 - C H M T 

' n G O LD C H E V Y Malibu, going overseas, sell for balance or take up payments, 732-36»o;6S3-9732 
I ‘73 IM P A L A Custo m 2-door, power steering, brakes. $1695. extra nice. 333-5167; 337-4966 

I 77 Impala 4-door. Excellent con aition 1-owner 
828-6355, After 
7: 696-o3o3____________________ 
I ‘76 Impala. 4-door. P-B, P S. air, 
'{cruise, 12,ooo mi, low equity or 
I trode 658-1298_________________ 
•74 IM P A L A 4-door, extra clean, fully equipped, power, air. $1295. 
9o%finoncing available 224-441o 
74 impala 4-dr, loaded Will ac cep! Jeep or Dune Buggy as par­ tial trade. 655-544o. ii ‘71 Im pala 4-dr., very clean. 
*1795. 494-5926. 

734-CHEVROLET 

‘72 M O N T E CARLO , extra clean, all power, factory air, $1785. 9oS. financing available 224-441o 
•76 M O N T E C A R L O , wifes car, low mileage. 
S4995 . 
684-3324; 
684-2223 
M onte C a rlo ‘74. 49,ooo m l., excellent cond *315o. 656-5759 an. 
6. 

'76 Monte Carlo 
Assume balance, extra nice 
Call Herb 225-79o9 or 648 1934 
. I 

'76 Monte Carlo assume balance, extra nice 
Call Herb 225-79o9 or 648-1934 
74 NO VA S E D A N $1899 
AIR. AUTO PO W ER 435-1641 

•72 Impala, nice, 51395 
654-1oo1 

734-CHEVROLET 

C A P R IC E , 1974 C la ssic , white vinyl fop. loaded, extra clean. 
Canyon Lake 1-935-2117 
_ 
*74 Caprice Classic, One Owner, excellent cond. 684-o663, 684-2854. 
73 CAPRICE $7oo 
Good for beginner. Little work, good tor family 653-4111.________ 
•75 C A P R IC E S U P E R L O A D E D 
2-door Coll: J A. G o n g , 222 8611 
‘55 C H E V 2 door *9oo 
______ 924-21o2 or 226-o538______ 
*64 Chevelle, 6 cylinder, 4 door, oir, auto, low mi. 433-71o8._______ 
•74 Chevelle Laguna type S3 ex- cedent cond. loaded 
528So. 
o54-129o.______________________ 
‘7o Chevelle Malibu Sedan. 
648-3o35 

734-CHEVROLET 

'66 Ch evrole t Im p ala, yellow , good condition, $45o. 923-2846. 
'72 Chevrolet Nova V-8, standard transmission, power, factory air. 
Extra clean SI 495 Will trade 
923-2883 

 i ‘74 im pala S.W. 9 pass, clean, good mechanical cond, priced to sell, 341-1951 or oft 6 673-49o2 

'72 Ktngsw ood Estate Station- wagon. New engine, new tires, 
AM-FM, all power $1ooo or best offer. See Jack Mitchell at Car- 
Land. Call: 923-77o7. 

11964 Chevrolet Station W agon. 
One owner 2937 Roosevelt______ 
; 69 Chevy Caprice. 396, auto., mo­ tor and Irons, good Front end wrecked. After 5. 654-1815. 
1*74 Ch evy Custom . E x c e lle n t cond. sacrifice. 52395. 473-o997 aff. 

75 C H E V Y IM P A L A 4 door, take 
I up payments, call 924-6671______ j ‘71 Chevy Malibu. I owner, 2-dr., 
3o7 , outo., air. New radials. 32,2oo act. mi. immaculate Must see to believe S2I95. 337 8926.__________ 
48 Chevy Malibu, 3o7, auto., foc- 

‘74 Malibu Classic, 2dr, hardtop, vinyl top, buckets, tilt wheel, power steenng-brakes, low miles 
52995. 453 318o aft Spm 
76 Molibu Classic with auto, air, 
24,ooo mi. $4ooo, 651-7674 aft. 5. 
‘72 M A L IB U Coupe, real nice, 
SI595. 344-3729 
‘72 M A LIB U CO UPE $1675 
222-1342 

‘67 Chevelle, SS 394 Automatic, tory air, power steering.333-776o 
Rebuilt to O rig in a l Condition, aft 6 
*1o95 or best offer. 922-7279. between 12 and Spm. 
•7o Chevelle SS. 396. Auto., oir, 
A M -FM stereo, m ags Real nice! 
923-134o. *1,45o 

'74 Chevy Malibu. 4-dr., air, radio, heoter, pow er 
5)5oo firm . 
225-472! days; 824-5394 eves. 

'69 Malibu. VS, std . 2-dr. hardtop. 
575o or best ofter 349-7427.______ 
‘73 M A L IB U W agon, 3 se ats, loaded $1995. 
W FV Motors, 2415 Vance Jackson 

'74 Nova SS must sell, 522oo or best atter 654-129o 

735 CHRYSLER 

•73 Chrysler New Yorker Wagon. 
E xc e lle n t condition. I ow ner. 
222-o931 or 333-8778. 
‘7o Chrysler New Yorker. Excel­ lent condition. 494-7137. 
C H R Y S L E R Newport. 197o Low ml. Original owner, luxury model, top condition, asking. 
*995. 
824-1834 
C H R Y S L E R P LY M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo NW LOOP 4)o at Culebro 
684-641o 
‘75 Cordoba. Loaded. 18,9oo miles. 
Im m ac u la te . 
A s k in g 
$425o. 
1-751-3292, Medina Lake. 

737-FORD 

'68 Foirlane 2 door, $75o or best offer. 658-87o2. 
‘64 Falcon Future. 6 cyl., std., 24 mpg. *325 684-1752. 
FO RD ‘74 Custom ‘SOO’ 4-door, air, auto. $1595 826-2793 
SS Ford, 2 dr. sedan, white, 8 cyl. standard, trans. excellent cond. 
$85o. 696-3834. 
‘76 F o rd Elite , loaded, low mileage, am frn stereo, 657-oo21 or 699-3237 oft. 8pm.____________ 

JACK R E IG E R 
CH R Y S L E R -P L YM O U T H 
S81o SAN P E D R O 
732-8211 
'67 Newport, everything perfect, 
Cheap 341-3798 

‘76 NOVA, 6 standard, 
524oo. 
423-1986. 
Nova, '48. VS, 3o7. air, automatic., 
$9oo Call: 432-o511. 
1976 NOVA, V-8, loaded! After 6 
1-742 34o1 
‘73 Nova, 35o, VS, 53,ooo mi. air, am-fm stereo, 533-o755 aft. 5. 
SO U P E D U P '64 Chevy M alibu, 
$45o. 927-4881 
T ake O v e r P a y m e n ts on *75 
NOVA. No Equity. 222-o984, Den- nis, ‘nltes: 654-4321 
Toke O v e r P ay m e n ts on *75 
C A M A R O No Equity. 222-o986. 
Dennis, -nltes 454-4321 
77 Vega, automatic. 6 m onths new Excellent condition! $34oo. 
423-1722 after 5 pm 

‘69 Newport fully equipped, very good, cond. 575o. 655-46o9 
738 DOOSE 

D O D G E A S P E N , ‘76 2-door. no equity, take over low m onthly payments, auto, power steering, air, Randy 481-3492 

Ford Elite-’76 
No down payment-auto and air 
Call Herb 225-79o9 or 648-1934 
75 FO R D E L IT E , power 
Air, 28,ooo mi. S3695. 
W FV Motors 24) Vance Jackson 
74 F O R D E L IT E , take ove r payments, call 924-6671__________ 
’76 FO RD E L IT E 
Take over payments, no equity, coll credit manager, 349-6948 

MATA 
CADILLAC 

BUY A PRE-OWNED 
NON-ENERGY TAXABLE 
CADILLAC 
ONE OF THE TOP RATINGS IN THE 
EPA LUXURY CAR MILEAGE CHARTS 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST '77, 76, 
’75 and 74 MODELS 

‘73 Gran Torino Brougham. 2-dr., fully loaded. S29oo. 
287 W. 
Mayfield at Commercial.________ 
‘72 Gran Torino. 54,OOO ml., 4-dr., 
VS, 351. Auto., air, new tires. 
Bicycle rack. 8-track, speakers. 
$1695. 228-9o39. 

’73 MERCURY MARQUIS SEDAN CV automa*!* transmission, power steering, power t n j A f brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls . . . 
J 

73 MALIBU CLASSIC SEDAN °"r# • ” ■ wHb 
VS, automatic pawar brakes, sidewalls....... 

 white vinyl tap, transmission, power steering. ak conditioned, radio, white ‘2695 
K IN S E L Ford-Mercury 
Pleasanton, S.A. Phone 626-2791 
72 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME St JZS 
•73 LTD, 2-door, automatic, power steering, brakes, air, vinyl roof, takeover payments, call Bubba, 
349-6593 
‘73 LTD 2-door hardtop. AM power and oir 7937 Roosevelt 

 tic tran sm ission , p a w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r brake s, i n i n r a ir con dition ed, rad io, w h ite s i d e w a l ls .................. 
A I V J 

'Top dollar p a id for clean cars. 
See us if you h a v e o n e to sell. 

’74 LTD, 2-door 
Take over payments, call Credit 
Monoger, 341-5571 
‘76 LTO LAN DAU . Beautiful, bur­ gundy over silver. Loaded. A s ­ sum e pay-off. 341-74o4. 
'71 LTD. Power, air, excellent cond. Must sell *1195 532-7494 

‘7o Dodge Challenger Trans Am, 
34o 6 pock, automatic tran sm is­ sion custom ed painted. $2895, 
922-7279 between 12 and Spm. 

‘75 Ford Elite. Tan metallic, white vinyl top 4oo, 8 cyl., air, heater, 
A M -F M tape-deck, tilt steering. 
Power locks, tingertip spa. con­ trol. Excellent cond,, 33,ooo mi. 
922-7987 , 341-4464. 

1974 Dodge Charger, air, auto, loaded, perfect condition. S3195. 
826-53o1. 696-3874. 

I ‘65 FO R D Fairlane, 4-door, excel­ lent cond. Auto, power steering, brakes. Air, Owner. 623-5281. 

'69 Dodge Charger, loaded, m ags, interior Immaculate, transferring out, reasonable ofter. 337-58o2 

•67 Ford Fairlane, 289, good cond. 
$4oo. 922-392o. 

‘76 Vega Hatchback. 65oo miles. 
Auto., air. Red *2895. 654-6747. 
Vega, ‘75. Immaculate condition, radio, air, 16,ooo mi. 344-1869. 

‘75 Monte Carlo, clean and loaded, 
*3595, 653-56o7, 681 3238. 
‘74 Vega wagon, auto, air, am-fm, 
*1395 673-4o89 

1969 Chevelle Wagon, good condi­ tion, Auto, 59oo 222-1654 

‘64 Chevy M alibu SS. 283 with 
Hurst 4-spd Must sell! 822-9o23 
73 
C H E V Y 
M O N TE loaded 
*69 Chev Kingswaod Estole S-W. jg.ooo mi. *3395. David 341-3933 
Top condition. Fully e q u ip p e d .---------------- -------------- 
455-7922 
*7o Chevrolet Blaze r, 4 wheel drive, real clean am -fm stereo 
,fully loaded, 5315o call 641-4354, 
653-o749. 

'62 C H E V Y Nova, 4 door, auto, 6, needs little body work. 
51oo. 
224-441o 

Monte Carlo '74, $2795. Air cond like new, owner m ust se ll! 
69o-991o, 494-7377 att 5__________ 
‘74 
M onte 
C arlo , lo ad e d ! 
$3395-826-9565, 695-8o56 

735 CHRYSLER 

•74 Monte Carlo, Lan d au too, loaded, very nice. 341-2361 
'76 Monte Carlo Landau, fully equipped, by original owner, most sell. 16,ooo miles. 341-2488 

62 Chevy N ova Stationw agon. 
$3oo Call: 822-3441. 

71 Chevrolet Im p a la Custom 
Coupe. V-8. autom atic, power, factory air. low mileage. Excep­ tionally clean $1695 Will trade 
923-2883 

‘62 Chevy, Vs ton, 235, 4 speed, 
$575, COM. 824-48o1 
Excellent Buy, ‘65 Super Sport, 
Power and Air, slick, must sell 
59oo. 435-5541 atter 5 M om . 

'73 M onte C a rlo L an d a u axe. cond fully loaded, by owner, 
342-741o 

 mm MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P LY M O U T H S 
D O D G E end G M C P IC K U P S 
823 No Main Boerne 249-3546 
D IR E C T L IN E : 224-5515 
1976 Chrysler Cordoba. Loaded 
S4975-I976 Plymouth Oran Fury 
Custom 4-door Sedan. $3975. Low mileage. 
New car warranty 
655-4983 

‘73 Monte Carlo. Im m ac u la te 
Condition 49,8oo actual miles, all 
Landau equipment Only $2995. 
342-4773 evenings weekends. 
‘72 Monte Carlo Low mileage, air, y in y l top, A M -F M . R a d ia ls, I owner. 524oo 454-o791. 

'75 C h r y s le r C o rd o b a 
F u lly 
•quipped. One owner. Very low m ileage Like new $449* W ill trade 923-2883__________________ 
7o C h ry sle r N ew port V -l, a u ­ tomatic, pawer, factory air, extra clean $995 Will trade 923-2813 

‘74 Dodge Colt. 4-dr., air. $18oo. 
Call: 828-2697. 

’71 D O D G E CO LT 
Take over payments, no equity, call Credit Monoger, 349-6948 
‘68 Dodge Dart, 34o autom atic, 
$5oo 684-3954 atter 5pm. 
‘66 Dodge Dart. Good condition. 
$55o or make otter. 923-28o1; 3859 
Nogalltos. 
‘7o D O D G E Dart Swinger, auto, air, power cieon 494-5625 
M A K E P A Y M E N T S NO DOW N 
'73 Challenger 224-6956 

737-FORD 

RANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Take up payments with qualified credit. Applications accepted bv phone No oppiicaiiun refused 
M R: E A R L 
227-1415 
I SI6 COUNTRY FORD 
Son Antonio 
Call: 227-o86o 

EXPRESS AND NEWS 

1963 Ford Fairlane 5oo 53oo or best after. 736-1312. 
I ’*4 Ford Fairlane ‘SOO'. New gen­ erator, tires, fuel pump. *2oo- 
435-2343_______________________ 
Ford '7o Got SOO, air, power, good cond, 55/5. Owner, 349-2925 
1973 FO R D Galaxie V-8, auto, air, 
I owner, Beautiful ca r $1975. 
6SS-9o17 atter 6. 
______________ 
65 FO RD G A L A X IE . Good tran- sportotlon!! 2937 Roosevelt_____ 

 i '73 Ford G alaxie SOO' Loaded 
E x tra clean. Low m ile a g e . 
Owner. 341-1839 , 696-5466_______ 
73 F O R D G A L A X IE 4 D R H T 
$895. 
RU N S 
GOOD. 
3S1S 
C U L E B R A ____________________ 
‘42 Ford Galaxie 5oo, 4 dr power steering and brakes, auto, air, 
$445. 532-234o. 
_________ _ 
‘69 F o rd G a la x y 5oo. P o w e r steer., auto., 4-dr. $55o. 344-2o8o 
; '74 Ford LTD. Air, power, A M -F M 
: stereo, vinyl top. 23,ooo m iles, excellent cond. L e a v in g town, 
• must sell Priced at only $345o. 
654-1674 otter 6. 
•71 Ford LTD, brakes, and bat­ tery new. Power, air, 28,ooo on engine, drives like new. $1195. 
532-7494 

COUPE DE VILLE 

7 7 E 
S 
; 
. . . ‘ 1 o , 6 5 o 

BROUGHAM 
/ o Green-White___ 
* 9 6 5 o 

7 
6 
E r e , , , , . . ‘ 1 o , 4 5 o 

CALAIS SEDAN 
/ O Gold-Brown 
. 
* 8 1 5 o 

CALAIS SEDAN 
/ O Yellow............. 
* 8 2 5 o 

BROUGHAM 
I J Rosewood-White. 
* 8 5 9 o 

, 7 C SEDAN OE VILLE 
/ J Blue B lu e ........ 
* 7 4 9 o 

SEDAN OE VILLE 
/ 5 White W hite.... 
* 7 2 9 o 

CALAIS SEDAN 
75 Yellow Black 
. 
* o 4 5 o 

COUPE OE VILLE 
J J Brown-White___ 
* 7 5 9 o 

- ELDORADO 
/4 Red-White... 
* 5 9 9 o 

, - o COUPE OE VILLE 
I S Red-White 
* 4 3 9 o 

OTHER M A K ES 

CHEV IMPALA 
IO LANOU 
White-Red........ 
* 4 6 9 o 

CHEVY. IMPALA 
7o R e d ................ 
* 4 6 9 o 

» 
PONTIAC Granville 
7o Brown-Beige___ 
* 5 7 9 5 

, , , 
PONTIAC Gron Prix 
/ o Black-White___ 
* 5 6 9 o 

OLDS TORONAOO 
7 o Red T o n ............ * 6 7 5 o 

JAGUAR 
7 4 Brown............... * 7 9 9 o 

MAZDA 
74 Blue.................. * 2 4 9 5 

BUICK RIVIERA 
7 4 Brown-Brown___ * 4 4 5 o 

FOR RIATA’5 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2274282 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O p e n M on .-F rl. • A .M . 
To 6 A.M . 
Sot. 8 A .M . to 4 P .M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

‘72 LTD, Squlre-W agon, 9-pass. 
'air, auto, power, Am -Fm Stereo, low mileage, new tires $175o. 
661-795o 

MISSION 
C H E V R O L E T 
PHONE 
2oo S.E. Military 
924-2311 

‘73 LTD. take up payments, call 
924-6671 
‘72 M A V E R IC K , auto, air. 45,ooo mi. excellent condition 
337-7425 eves. 
‘74 Maverick 4 door, 6 cyl, auto, air, power steering $2295 826-2793 
‘75 Maverick 2-dr. 6, auto., clean. 
Sacrifice. $215o. 533-337o 
'72 Maverick, new paint, battery, 
$1,175. 333-92o3, 648-1892 after 3 
PM. 
'73 Maverick 6 std. Outstanding cond. Very low miles. New tires. 
$2195 333-1773 
‘73 M U ST A N G ! 
341-3933 
1967 M U ST A N G 6 
After 4:-l-742-36o1 
1968 Mustang 289 Auto, good con­ dition, needs paint. $8oo. 923-13o2. 
M U ST A N G ‘48 Classic standard. 
$995. Call 494-7535 
'66 Mustang Fastback, 289. Auto. a ir 11o95 826-2793 
1971 M ustang, good condition, loaded, 3o2 engine. 534-5445 days, 
432-6616 nights 
•67 Mustang GTA. 289 VB, auto., air, power, orig. Beautiful Owner. 
$1595. 341-2933. 
M ustang ll, ‘74. Auto. air. Red. 
White vinyl $255o 826-2793 
‘67 Mustang, like new. l-owner 
$1595- 
‘65 M u sta n g , m ags. H e aders, 
4-speed, Holley, Eldabrook. $6oo or best offer. 655-8536 
M ustang 66 2-Plus-2, VB, auto. 
$135o. 681-o172 after 5 p.m. 
N E W -U SE D -R E P O S 
W ILL F IN A N C E with little credit and little down. S IN G L E -M A R - 
R IE D - o r D IV O R C E D 
E A S Y 
T E R M S , E A S Y F IN A N C IN G . 
C a ll: Bob Puente, or Joe Ed- gehouse, 222-8411 or 222-1485 
‘72 PIN TO runabout, 4-speed. 2ooo 
CC engine, burglar alarm extra clean. $1175. 455-3295 
•74 
P IN T O 
R U N A B O U T , 
Loaded!!824-9565, 495-8o54 
‘73 P IN T O 4-speed, real nice. 
$1o9$. 494-5313 
•73 Pinto Squire Wagon. Loaded, extra clean. $185o. 533-337o. 
‘74 Pinto Stationwagon, 4 speed, take ove r p aym e n ts, a ssu m e balance. 1oo% financing. Call E r­ nie 681-3871. 
S E V E R A L E C O N O M Y C A R S 
A V A IL A B L E . 1oo% fin a n c in g availble an some models. Call: 
J A. Garza 222-8611 
'69 Station w agon, air, pow er ste e rin g and b ra k e s. T ire s, brakes, and engine in very good cond $9oo 822-1644 
T ake o ve r p a y m e n ts on ’76 
E L IT E , power steering, brakes, air, cruise, am-fm, split bench seat. Call Bubba, 349-6593. 

SUMM ER SPECIALS 
EVER CAfe REDUCED 
'75 FORD 
.**:.*■?. 
”': >3495 
‘75 VEGA aute., brown, extra nice....................... 
*1 795 l y r A i n e 
Betta Royal, fwHy equipped, 4o-4o se at,.— n n r 
/ J U L U # o beautiful c a r ....................................... 3995 
* 7 C C A D D lTO 2-dr* hardtop, fuHy equipped, extra 
/ J r U K U ihofp, . . . so a p p re c ia te ....................... 
3495 
’75 CHEVY N ova LN Coupe, red buckets, a beauty ‘2795 
75 VEGA 2-doer Hatchback, aute., r a d ................ ‘I 795 
VEGA *MHa *harP' automatic transmission, foe- $J £^5 

’74 CHEVyT £ " ' dT,y’: 
‘2995 
74 CHIVY X E iS i,!":................. *2495 
74 PINTO au to m atic t r a n s m is s io n........... ‘1895 
’74 BUICK cotton! gas mileage . • . 
,B *1995 
74 TORINO fa* ; 3o5 v,'.,*rt" y.oir'.o .rr! T ‘2495 
’73 BUICK C*n,vnr 3'*r‘ HT' f*'lly equipped, like $2 3 ^ 5 

 l y e D i n r u 
Estate W agon, all extras, perfect cond., 
/ J D U H R ready far v a c a tio n ............................... 
C C 9 5 l y e A i n t Curias* “$ " 2-dr. HT, auto., pow er and « n i n r 
/ J U L U ) air, a beautiful car............................... 
2 I 95 l y e r t i C VTV Caprice Station W agon. 9 pass., extra 
. . . . . 
/ J V I K V T 
Drive to appreciate..................... 
2495 
’73 TORINO 4-dr., fsow or, air, ttko n ow , ........... ^1995 
72 CHEVY appreciate . . . r y . r pp#d: -rtr # .,w ji895 
72 TORINO tXU Xtf??:............. ‘1695 
72 FORD M Ton Pickup, custom, auto., pawar, air ‘2595 
’ 7 o m n C Custom 
Cruiser station wagon, fully 
, . 
/ * v L U J equipped, extra nice............................. 
1/95 

1 o o % W A RRAN TY 
On Motor, Tram., Rear End For 3o Days or 2,ooo Mi. 
T E X A S A L T O S A L E S 
2 Locations 
2211 S.W. M ilita ry Dr. 
923-4341 
,1516 S.W. M ilita ry Dr. 
9 2 3 -o 7 3 7 

738 - LWCflLR 

•74 L in c o ln M a r k iv, fu lly equipped, 55.8oo 349-1855. 
‘74 Lincoln M ark IV 
Low mileage. $6295. Call: 736-4311 or 655-31o4. 
‘72 Lincoln M ark IV. Black, white vinyl roof, white int. Fully loaded. 
549oo. 735-8971 

T-Bird, 197o 2 dr. all power, *7oo, take over paym ents. B a lan ce 
*37o. 736-1o56. 
’7o T-Bird, fully loaded, excell, cond. $165o . 653-7723 or att. 6pm 
349-5912 
‘74 T Bird, fully loaded, new tires, very clean. 349-6837. 
‘77 T -B IR D . 12,ooo mi., loaded. 
Assume payments 
$15o mo. 
648-4468. 
’75 T -BIR D 
Take over payments, no equity, call Credit Manager, 349-6948 

'76 L IN C O L N Tow n Car, fully equipped, excellent condition, must sell. Corporation Executive vehicle 
57995. 
Mrs. 
Frame, 
675-251o_______________________ 
•73 Lincoln Town Car, O riginal 
Owner, loaded, excellent condi- tion 538oo, 492-17o5._____________ 
I ‘77 Lincoln Town Car, fully load- ed, black; leather interior. Used 4 months., $11,75o. Days: 341-4639, nights: 681-o242, 824-3428________ 
'7o Mark III, exc. cond., midnight blue, blue leather int., all power options. 52595 call; 494-7832. 

/39- M E n r 

•69 Cougar. 3$ cu.’\ Power steer­ ing, a ir, h e ad e rs, sid e p ip e s. mags. $1ooo. 674-2363. 
‘75 Cougar. Fully loaded, tape- deck. Perfect! $42oo. 684-3786. 
'69 Cougar. New transm ission. 
*875. Call: 651-6151. 

76 T h unde rbird, loaded, W ill help, finance. Call Woody 699 3434 
73 T H U N D E R B IR D , pow er steering, b rak e s, air, am -fm , stereo, pow er w in d ow s, door locks. Take over m y payments, 
Bubba, 349-6593. 
‘72 Thunderbird, all power, air, low mileage, good cond.674-188o. 
■7o TO RIN O C O B R A $1295 
CLASSIC-AUTO, A IR 435-1641 

738 m o m ________ 

 wTconnnentaHMarlTTvTTeaTher interior, new Michetin radials all luxury accessories. Im m aculate condition. 
58,25o. 
333-35oo or 
492-2159. 
Continental M ark IV-74, black on black, lolly loaded, new paint lob 
1-894-2255-Kerrvllle 
'73 Continental Town Car. 4-dr., gold, black leather seats. New tires Loaded. 656-313o. 

‘76 M A R K IV 
Auto, pow er, a ir, tilt c ru ise , guad-stereo tape, power steering, w indow s, d o o r lo ck s, lu x u ry group, leather interior. Landau top. Like brand new. Creme-yel­ low with creme leather interior. 
V E H IC L E S 
U N L IM IT E D . 
___________ 699-o294 
__ 
'73 M A R K IV, beautiful turquoise, loaded. Excellent. S4795. 349-7943 
74 M A R K IV, excellent condition, low mi. Must sell, by owner, *5975. 
681-1o99 eves. 

'72 Cougar XR-7. Auto., air, 2-dr., power. 52o95. 223-3918.________ 
74 Cougar XR-7. Loaded. 33,5oo miles. IO to 5: 674-7341. ________ 
{ ‘76 CO UG AR XR7, silver, maroon, i loaded. 16,ooo ml. Im m aculate 
SS,OOO or best offer 922-955o 
7o Malibu 2dr. hardtop 
K IN N E Y M O T O RS 
3928 Broadw ay________ 8287213 
73 M A R K IV, 44,ooo miles, load" i ed, 553oo. 341-4641 days, ext 341, eves- 341-8527._______ '_________ 
‘73 Marquis Brougham. Loaded 

349ri434V'nVl ,o° 
Cle°n' 
$2So° 

M A R K IV, ‘74 loaded, very clean, wire wheels, $6495 497-3622 
‘75 M A R K IV, Loaded, Excellent 
Condition. 653-7171. 
M A R K IV 1973. Take up payments or $3995. Coll: 225-65o1, must ask tor Don Holtz 

‘76 Marquis, 14,ooo mi., wife s car 
Muet sell! Many extras. Must see to appreciate. 684-5773 or 226-78o9 after 5pm 

•7S M E R C U R Y C O M E T , 6 cyl 
2 -d o o r, a u to , a ir , la k e t r a d e 
; $2875. 654-o94o______ 
‘75 M E R C U R Y CO UG AR XR7 
LO A D ED . 5445o, coll 341-3933 

'M e r c u ry 
C o u gar 
Brougham ‘77 
A ss u m e b alance-bank rates 
C all H e rb 225-79o9 or 648-1934 
! 1976 M e r c u r y G r a n d M a r q u is , fully loaded, 14,ooo mi. 341-9397 

‘74 Lincoln Continental M ark IV. 
Call 828-25o3 anytime. 

’75 M A R K IV 
Wifes car, power, air, 35,ooo mi. 
; vinyl top. Bronze color. 661-5331 

'75 L in co ln C o n tin e n tal. 
Hi mileage, one owner. Excellent condition. F u lly lo ad e d . W ill trade Coll Jack Mitchell 494-6336. 
’75 Lincoln, 4 door, loaded, must sell, will finance. Woody 499 3434 

737 FORD_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

74 FO R D LTO, excellent condi­ tion, must sell $25oo. 656-4273 
*77 FO RD LT D ll, 6-door, power, air 9,ooo mi. $54oo. 824-7311 
Ford LT D *72. Power air, cleon. 
Excellent cond, si SOO. 698-2344. 

71 Lincoln M ark III 
Real nice, 
$28oo. Come See! 824-8731. 
‘73 L in c o ln M o rk IV , C h oc. 
Brown, excellent cond, looded, 
533-o5o6 or 533-8536. 
‘75 Lincoln M ark IV. I owner, all white. Loaded with luxuries. Top notch co ndition 
$44oo 
C a ll 
227-344) weekdays, 8 to S. 
CALI 225 1666 " 

'77 Mark V, Cartier low mileage, 
5,ooo miles, Moon Roof, $12,5oo 
824-64o4 home. Office 225-3366 ask for Skip. 
Spend 25 to call for a good dea! 
Neat, Real Clean Black ‘74 Mark 
IV, 35,ooo m iles, Just North of 
Loop 41o, 1-438-2916. 

739 - MfRCUSY 

‘73 Capri, outo, air, radial tires, excellent c ire. 824-5o)9. 
‘72 Cougar air, power. Excellent condition 
828-6355, 
After 
7: -496-o3o3. 

M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS s-aoor 
1972. 4o,114 miles. Loaded! Take up p a ym e n ts or *1783. C a ll: 
225-65o1, must ask tor Don Holtz 
‘73 Mercury Marquis Brougham i p a sse n g e r w agon. Auto, air, power, stereo and tape deck, new steel belted radials, under $25oo 
By owner, 822-5163. 
•71 Mercury Montego, like new, 

 r3°97o4W2hIrieV6brOnd 
°°,nt' 
74 M e rc u ry M o n te r -* 
- * 
Sedon, very cleon. S239S 
'72 M E R C U R Y M O N T E G O M X 
Brougham, loaded $1695. 341-3933 
‘73 M E R C U R Y M O N T E G O M X 
Brougham, looded. $1695. 341-3933 

'48 Cougar Classic, beautiful, ex­ cept d am age d back-end, ru n s fine. 5475 822-7476 , 226-6431 

7o M E R C U R Y (reg. gas) power steering, disc brakes, am- 8 track stereo, air, 4 door hardtop, vinyl roof. M e c h a n ic ow ner, $795 
435-o277; 435-8337________‘ 

‘72 M O N TEGO , Fully loaded low m iieage, 52195, 337-64o4, 333.6nst. 

NON-COMMERCIAL! 

CANCELLABLE WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

 e x p re ss new s 
D A I V ! TC A A C 
35% 
8*7 
T E X A S S I Z E 
B U M J & A 1J & 
S A V I N G S 
2 LINES 
IO DAYS 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 i f f l j M a a i S 
L 
— j m m i i i m m s z 
M 
M 
M i i M t i _ 
739- ; « m n m i i o m E s 
• 
73o743 O T W B m s a P H IIIia M H IB IB IIIi 
I s t T im e E v e r ! ! " 
WHOLESALE PRICES TO THE PUBLIC... ■ 

Sa n A n to n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y June 5, 1 9 7 7 

742 PtWTIAC 

'7o PLYMOUTH 
'71 IMPALA 

TOM BENSON’S UNDER $2ooo SALE 
- THESE PRICES GOOD JUNE 3 THRU JUNE 6 
'74 VEGA Hatchback/ air co n d itio n . ............ 
'69 FORD Custom, ISSSO 
L 

 f f l l E l f V 
I S 
’ • ton. green, 3 spe ed. f I V 
I 1 S V 
T 
V a i l / 6 cy lin d e r........................................ 
'69 IMPALA 4 door, Sd 
'7o TOYOTA Corolla, 

Fury 2 door, b ro w n , lo ad e d 

 vinyl top, - ......................................... 

4 door, green, lo aded, vin yl to p ........................................................ 

 f e e 
A 
H 
C 
I refJ' a u to m a tic , A M P M radio. 
I m 
V r b l V W 1 I 9 
O 
I I / lu g g a g e rack. ll DODGE Monaco 
'72 GRAHVILLE 
'72 DATSUN Wagon, 
'65 CHEVROLET Va ton, 
'67 SKYLARK 4 door, 
'64 FORD Falcon Wagon, radio, air co ndition. 

' I 
A I I A 
D 
I I F 
T 
A 
6 cyl,nder radl° 
§ n 
V 
H i I I I • • Q U U T / p o w e r ste e rin g, air co ndition , ll MONTI CARIO, lo a d e d 

B E S T B U Y 
★ 7o CRAN SPORT SMo k 
MECHANIC SPECIALS SOLD AS IS 
'65 BONNEVILLE, green, b o d e d , A M -F M ....................................................................... 
OO DELTA 88 2 d O O Y , go ld b o d e d , vinyl top, good body 
................ 
'68 VOLKSWAGEN Bug, red, < o d , 
68 IMPALA 4 door, blue, loaded, runs good, looks nice, 
68 CAPRICE Wagon, white, loaded, lu g g a g e rock...................................................... stock no. 2389 
Tom Benson 

/ T i l "J I 
J I ~ It ' T 
X 
T 
N / T 
\ C 7 c t : 

4 d o o r, gre e n . lo a d e d w ith e x t ra s ................... 

4 d o o r, blue. lo a d e d , 
A M - F M . v in y l top. c ru ise c o n tr o l....... 

 red, a u to m a tic. w ith r a d io ............................. 

P ic k u p , blue. 6 cy lin d e r w ith c a m p e r shell, ...... 

 w h ite , lo a d e d ................................ 

*1695 

.... Stock No 2366 *1395 

. 
Stock No 2387T *1695 

.... Stock No 2381 *1295 

.... Stock No. 2379 
*995 

.... Stock No. 2372 *1195 

.... Stock No. 2373 *1395 

.... Stock No. 2374 *1295 

. Stock No. 2349A *1795 

Stock No. 21o2A *1595 

Stock No 2o88B *1195 

Stock No. 2357AT 
*995 

... Stock No. 18oIB 
*895 

 n atic. 
.... Stock No. 2o2o 
*995 

.... Stock No. 2o74 *1595 

.... Stock No. 2174 *1995 

1595 ★ 

 stock no. 2364 

 stock no. 2361 

 stock no. 1546C 

 stock no. 2369 

*695 
J79S 
*795 
$895 
*895 

Gnu 

LOOP 41o AT SAN PEDRO 
341-3314 

C A V E N U E R ’S 
“ SP E C IA L S” 

 t | > | | n e n o Luxury Sedan, factory air, all pow- t v U L U ) T O ar ana extras, new cor trade-in ... 

 l y r D I l l / ’t/ 
225 Custom coupe, factory air, 
/ J B U K H ail power and extras, clean............... 

* -wI" A i n e Coronado Coupe, factory air, all pawer 
• ) U L U ) and extras. Special............................. 

» 
O l p £ 
* * ? o,'d°v 5*don' tortory air, all pawer and extras, vinyl top, dean 
»7 A A l A C 
Royal Holiday Coupe, factory air, all 
/ U U L U ) pawer and extras, ipecial................... 

Custom Cruiser station wagon, factory 

*1295 

*5695 

*5295 
*2295 

 power and extras, {pedal ..................... *995 

1 7 o A i n e Custom Cruiser station wagon, factory 
/ 4 U L U ) air, all pawer and extras. Was $3995 
.. 3 6 9 5 

. 
*4295 
Delta Royal 4-door, factory air, alf $ 1 x q r power and extras, I -ow ner................. 
I H V j 

’ T A A i n e Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, ail , r n n r 
I O U L U ) power and extras, stereo, m a g s 
5 Z 9 5 

 t>7 # A l n e Cutlass 442 coupe, factory air, all power 
/ O U L U ) and extras, I -owner new car trade-in . . * 4 7 9 5 
75 OLDS 98 
*4995 j rn* r A n n Granada Chia, 
11,ooo mibs, loaded r \ r 
/ O r U K U with extras.......................................... 4 o t 5 

1 7 r A i n e Custom Cruiser wagon, factory air, all 
/ J U L U ) power and extras. Was $4695 
72 OLDS 
75 CHEVROLET SSTJSSSJJSS.*; * ‘3295 

 i y / AA I IC T A A t/' Coupe, standard shift, radio, j n n / i r 
I O M 
U ) I A N O heater air conditioned............ S L V J 
' J A C A D A Country Squire, 4-seat wagon, factory . n y n c 
/ 4 P O K U air, all power and e xtras..................... 2 7 9 5 

12,ooo MUE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
7 4 OR NEWER MODELS 

“ C O N F I D E N C E I S CAVENDER ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 

‘ 1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

M A IN D EA LS 

 n D A Al A W A 
Ghto, A t 34, *-cyt„ silver, red 
/ a O K A r i A U A (toto, 
(Sower steering-brakee, 

’74 CENTURY brakes, eir, auto. r^ !£ r£ *;» 2 9 9 5 
’69 LINCOLN 
» 999 
76 BOBCAT power steering 
.V6'.ar.'.*!,r'. *3895 
’72 CUTLASS sfeerkig.brokes, air, clean . . r wr. *2688 
’75 CHEVY lito... llo Pkk.'?:. r w.*r. ‘t?.*".*.*. *4495 
’71 DELTA 88 brakes, air, cruise control .rr*r.» m s s 
’74 VW *o773 ml!- :........................ *1995 
72 GRAN TORINO ar steeHng'^brwkes, a i/~w.\ *2o97 
74 CUTLASS 
*3495 
72 CAPRICE • *»«rlng-brak«t, 2-9b465 r°w*.r. *2695 
AM-FM, auto, Sggtj^lJ 

KU war windows- 
'2 2 9 $ 

’75 PONTIAC steerlng-brakes, air. 
*2295 
’74 OPEL .*^ M -,r.'.k,.w"!‘". r : ............ *1995 
’67 MUSTANG super condition ........................ 7 785 
’75 CADILLAC mH"\ **:”*.. *6995 
’71 TOYOTA 
................ *1495 
’74 T BIRD 38?; JST.'. 
*2995 

76 CORVETT leottser 
............. ............... . 

’7 4 B U IC K L,Sal>ra/ * ST*, 4-dr., power windews- 

’76 CADILLAC 
*7995 

Calvin Graham*/ 

We Need Cars! 

PAYING TOP DOLLAR 

: FOR LOW MILEAGE, ONE V 

OWNER PRE-OWNfDi 
' 
* 
. 
’ 
*'•*-*; 
* ‘ 
■ 
CARS AND PICK-UP TRUCKS 

ESPECIALLY AMC PRODUCTS 
SEE DICK GREEN 

V I A L A M O A M C 

I I H SANPEDRO 
227-751 1 

739- MERCURY 
74o - OLDSMOBILE 

Montego M X Brougham, 73 lull \ 73 Cutlass Suoreme. WOO equity, power, air, am-fm, vinyl top, low take over payments. 927-4491. 

 or*122*579o*C 
^ 
‘ J4" 
' 3 
73 Cutlass S. Vinyl top, power. 

74 X R 7 Cougar, loaded, $4,8oo. 
Call 732-2432. 
_ 

7 4 o - OLDSMOBILE 

 air. 43,ooo ml. W OO 494-8339 
7o Delta 18. 44,ooo actual miles. 
Like new. Coll: 824-3542. 

*7 /s D A T E D I M 
" I **1 r#d lucfcet 
/ O r A L I K U L seats, luggage rack, power steering, air conditioned, AM radio, white side wall tires, side melding, tinted gloss................ 

<7 4 . / D I e m n n i v W **t with rad leatherette, 
7 O O KA N O PRIX bucket seats, console, Hit wheel, cruise consol, AM -IM stereo, air con­ ditioned, power steering, brakes, Bin striping, side molding, deluxe mirrors. 28,6oo m ile s... 
77 BUICK SPECIAL VhStAA 
AM radio, ybiyl landau top, (breme, mags, power steering, brakes, air, automatic, chrome m a g s ......................................................... 

*7 4 . P D C AA 11 b l Orange, bucket seats, white pin 
I O U K C m L i r i striping, power steering, 
AM radio, 28,ooo m iles...................................... *2695 

B U D G E T R E N T A C A R FLEET SA L E S 

3 3 8 N .E . L O O P 4 1 o S A N A N T O N IO , T E X A S 

SEE: H E N R Y T IJ E R IN A O R D O N H A M 
3 4 9 - 4 4 4 1 

74o - OLDSMOBILE 

•73 Delta 88, I Ow ner, si,495. 
341-4411. 922-2724, 828-o449. 
____ 
•74 Delta Royale, loaded. $3ooo. 
499-o821 
7o And ‘72 Cutlass, auto, power steering, brakes, both good con- _______________________________ ditton. WSO. and SI.15o. 1-443-495o, >73 G R A N O AM , sunroof, ever- 
1 Devine. 
__________________ ything 922-2724_________________ 
•41 B E A U T IF U L l l hardtop, new 
Hires. 42,pee ml. >995. 349-7943 
Clean 1974 Used Cars At: 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR-349-4443 
338 N .I. Loop *1o at Airport Blvd. 
172 Custom Cruiser std. wagon. 9 pass, S U M . 341-5472 att S________ 

73 Olds Cutlass Supreme, 2 door, 
VB, auto, power, air, vinyl top. take over p a ym e n ts, a ssu m e balance, 1oo% financing. Call E r­ nie 481-3871. 

Herlz Is Selling Duality 

73 O LD S C U T LA SS SALO N 
Sedan, low mileage, good Mpg. real bargain. 455-5341___________ 

1331 SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
For Information Call: 824-9445 
... 
--------m 
- 
M U ST S E L L 7o O LD S L U X U R Y 
•71 Cutlass, Braw n with Creom SE D A N . HAS LOTS O F E X T R A S ' 
Vinyl Too. Mem Wheels, Lidded, N IC E . R A D IA L T IR E S . N IC E 
Runs tike new, S13So. 734-8845. 
C O N D IT IO N T H R O U G H O U T . 
•48 Cutlass, 4 dr. real clean, new C A LL: 824-8o74 A S K IN G S89o tires, new battery, $895 Firm 
7 , Navy 4dr. 98 Olds, clean and 
734-2328.______________________| overage mileage. 824-9731. 

’75 O ld s C u tla s s Coupe, one owner. Like new S379S Will trade 
Used Car* From Our Rental Fleet, 923-2883 
(1974 Used) 
'72 Olds Cutlass Extra clean, low miles 828-4355, After 7:-494-o3o3. 
•74 Olds Cutlass Supreme 2-door 
H T . 
Leaded! 
S349S-824-954S, 
495-8o54 
_______ 
•72 O LD S C U T L A SS 
C O N V E R T IB L E 
222-1342 

7! Cutlass. Factory loaded, C B; *y Norton 75o Custom Chopper rodio, new tires, 448 2525,________i $7oo. 341-5472 after 5____________ 
I'74 Cutlass. Loaded, 9,oo9 miles. 
Like newt SSooo.1-o94-2293. 
74 Cutloss Solon, loaded, am tm stereo , e x c e lle n t cond, low m ileage, will sacrifice at S32oo. 
344-3473 or 491-2114 
________ 
‘75 
C U T L A S S 
S A L O N , mileage, call 922-2724 low 

•74 C U T L A SS SALON, air, power, 
A M -F M stereo, white over bur- oundy. Call 341-7487. 
*75 Cutlass S 2 dr. auto, power, air, 18,ooo mi, 349-3485.__________ 
•73 Cutlass S. 2-dr hardtop, load­ ed. New tires, burgundy interior, exterior. Vinyl Int., excellent new cond. 473-4482._______________ _ 
•75 Cutlass Supreme. Gray, blue landau, 19,ooo mi. A M -F M stereo tape. 1375o. 342 o39o__________ _ 
73 Cutlass Supreme, radial tires, clean must see, 435-442o. 
•73 C U T L A S S Su p re m e Sp o rt coupe, a ll pow er fac to ry air, 
$2395. 
9o%financing available. 
224-441o________________________ 

72 Olds 98. Air, auto., Book value 
$22oo. Take $1495 or best ofter. 
828-32o5. 
_______________ 
•To Olds Custom Cruiser, S.W. ? pssg loaded, am-fm stereo, low m ileage, ex. condition. $5995. 
344-3473^4*8-2114 
74 Olds Custom C ru ise r 9 p a s­ senger, ail power, fully loaded, 
$3ooo firm. 824-9473, 8am-5pm. 
•75 O LD S Custom Cruiser Wagon, 
3-seals, fully equipped. 31,ooo mi. 
$4295. 
W FV Motors, 2415 Vance Jackson 
•73 Olds Cutlass Supreme, 2 door, 
V I, auto, power, air, vinyl top. la k e o ve r p a ym e n ts, a ssu m e balance, 1oo% financing. Call E r ­ nie 481-3o71. 
_________________ 
•74 Olds Cutlass Supreme, 2 door, 
V I, auto, power, air, vinyl fop, am-fm, take over paym ents. A s­ sum e balance. 1oo% financing. 
Coll Ernie 481-3o71. ____________ 

74 OLDS CUTLASS 
S U P R E M E , Loaded .......... $3195 
734-4321 
•74 Olds Cutlass S, loaded, excel- lent cond. $47oo. 494-7458. 
■75 O LD S C U T L A S S Supreme, 2 door, full factory equipped. Vinyl roof, immaculate cond. M ust tell. 
Owner, 484-8953 
•ti Olds Delmont. Good condition, power, clr. $45o. 453-o187. 

'74 O L D S D e lta IS 
4 door sedan solid white inside­ out. Electric windows, real Creme puff. $27oo. 824-5474 
71 Olds Delta 81. 2-dr., loaded, 
A M -F M tape-deck. 455, 2 bbl., new tire s and sh o ck s. R u n s good. 
$12oo negotioble. 473-235o. 
7o Olds Delta IS hardtop. 455 eng., air, full power. Excellent, 
$895 824-713o, o22-o5o9 
•73 O LO S D E L T A 81 $1495 
L O A D E D I TO S E T T L E E S T A T E 
435-1441 

IN THI EXPRESS NEWS 
CAU 225-1666 

•74 Olds, Delta SS, 35,ooo miles, excellent cond. $2o5o. 223-5937 

E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

74o • OLDSMOBILE 

 o ! d r 7 T o e !? T T r ,Regency"Teryl clean. S m a ll 8, w ith a ir and power. 
$24oo value, sacrifice 
$1195-494-5oo7 
‘47 Olds OI 4-door. Loaded, air, fair condition. 49o-8o4o. 
•43 O LD S 81 excellent cond. $445. coll 344-3729 
•74 Olds 'IT like new. Full price 
$3795 WHI trode 923-2883 
•72 O L O S 98 Lu xu ry Sedan, ex­ cellent. 44,OM ml. bos all Ut but­ tons. Will wholesale, 349-1832 
‘71 Olds 9* Luxury Sedan. Excel- lent, Loaded. >18oo. 455-1444 
•42 Oldsmobile, auto, air, radio. 
New tires, battery. MSO 341-23o4 
Olds ‘73 Omega Coupe. Aute. air. 
Graduate saectai! I $115o-o24-2793 
•IS O lds Royale. 2-dr., leaded. 
29,ooo ml. IO Ie S: 474-7341. 
197$ OMS Start!re. Power brakes, steering, air, 4-spead, radio, steel rodMIs, $2,95o. 494-o945, after 4 
PM. 
•73 O lds W agon V ista C ru ise r, leaded, excellent, $2395. 822-9533 
•74 98 Regency, loaded, perfect condition. o24-7494 oft, spm 
Take Over Payments en '74 CU T­ 
LASS. Ne equity. 222-o9o4, Dennis, 
•flites: 454-4331 

73 TORNADO 
White, leaded, full power, air. s new steel botts. Extra dean, orig. owner. 41,5oo mi. $2995 or best offer. 454-o937. 
72 T O R O N A D O extra clean, all power, factory air, 4o-4o seat s. 
$149$. 
99%f!nancing available. 
224-441o 
•72 TO RO N AO O , extra dean, all power, factory air, 4o-4o seat 1. 
$149$. 
9o%ffnancing avowable. 
224-441o 

ALL CARS WILL BE SOLD BY MONDAY 
AT SOME PRICE OR TAKEN TO AUCTION 

76 CONTINENTAL completely(ood^Tm- . . . . . eluding luxury groupleother inferior............. V a t ) 
76 CORVETTE ihowroem condition.. 
H W * , 8 7 5 o 

76 THUNDERBIRD \TmS[ K group, fully loaded, black with bleck leather in­ terior.............. ............ ...... ........... 
7 7 I T IT brougham 7 door, all equipment made i i L I U for a Ford still in warranty 
............... mm f . •>« 1 1 1 
Coupe Deville, loaded, brown 
/ J V. A U ! LL A C with brown leather inferior..... 
77 THUNDERBIRD I*o equipment, still in warranty 

7 C f A D D I / T Clouit Continental, block, fully 
/ ) v A r K I V C equipped with everything. 

*755o 
*6495 
*645o 

*5995 

-48 Pontiac Good condition $5oo 
441 2454 $581 Botchers_________ 
•74 Pontiac Good cond Loaded, 
8275o 534-8574 Of 532 o523_______ 
•73 Pontiac Oran Safari wagon, clean 
$2295 
828-4355. 
After I 
7;-494-o3o3. 
•74 Pontiac Grand Prix SJ, fully loaded! $5795 824 9545 495 8oS4 
P O N T IA C G R A N V IL L E 1971, 
$1o95 Call: 225-45o1, must ask for 
Don HoRi 
'7$ Pontiac Le Mans Coupe, load­ ed. $3495. Tom Benson Imports, 
24t-t358. 
1973 
P o n tia c 
L e M o n s , low m ile a g e , excellent c o n d itio n e«o_oJ9o lifter s pm 
74 PONTIAC LEMANS 
Special Coupe. LO A D E D . $2995 
734-4321 

. . . . . 
BTUI JIH!!!)), . . . . . 
4o,ooo miles, must see to appreciate............. 
J j U U 
*4995 j m 1. . . 2 door, lode green, air, automatic, vinyl l l H U roof, still in warranty..................... 
M r A n i l I K C f,eefwoo“ 
Brougham, ex 
{ . A U l L L A l ecutive grey, low, low mileage. 
One ownet............................................ m r A i n e 98 Regency 4 door while with bur 
/ J U L U ) goody roof and burgundy interior, fully equipped, bonk president cor............ m r 1 y r . 4 door, automatic, air, power, vinyl 
/ ) L I U roof, low mileage........................... 
75 MONTEGO MX loaded............................................... 
Cutlass 4 door, automatic, air, power, 

'48 Pontiac LeM ons runs good, good tires, $8oo. 341-8433________ 
Pontiac LeM ans Wagon, '17. All power, air. $12oo Call 474-942o ofter 5, anytime wkends. 

746 TRUCKS & COMMERCIA! 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

T A K I © V I K 
C A T M I N T S 
ANO A I SUMI SAI ANCI 
I? other trucks lo choose I from dost hove air and j power 
Partial list 
Bai. 
77 Ford with camper $54B 71 
74 Ford XI? 4«4 
$5991 
74 Ironco 4 wheel drive 
$49971 

74 TFC Faintly Von 
$6916 j 
74 Jeep Wogoneer 
$4991 

69 FORD Pickup with camper 
$14971 
73 DATSUN Pickup 
$1597 i 
71 VW BUS 
......$1562 I 

748 - TRUCKS I COMMERCIA! 746 
TRAILERS. BUSES 

P a g e 2 7 D i 

TRUCKS A COMMERCIA! 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

CLOSEOUT SALE 
1977 GMC, Some Demos 

’72 Pontiac Le M a n s 
No money down-low paym ents 
Call Herb 225 79o9 or 448 1934 
•73 P O N T IA C SA F A R I S T A T IO N 
W AGON- 2937 R O O SE V E LT 

C a ll 
M ik e C o llin ! 
2 2 2 - 8 8 6 8 
KHO See Pedro 

 vinyl roof m n I U D A l A ^ door hardtop, looded, mech 
I L H e ir A L A onics special ...................... 
• BOATS • 

T i C ID C D / C H O U ^ *oo,' s,* ePs s,ove' l o r l D C K / r U K m ice box, CB, only 129 hours, excellent condition, ready to i 

*4995 

*4895 
*295o 

*2695 
*1975 
*1o5o 

*645o 

 r n 

S E L L I N G TI L E M A N S P O N ­ 
T IA C . AUTO. P O W E R S T E E R 
ING, C O LD AIR V E R Y C L E A N ! 
R U N S G O O D 
LO W M I L E S j 
N IC E 
T IR E S . M U S T S E L L 
S A C R IF IC E 
SI 39o 
C A L L :; 
824-8o7f 

’77 TRA N S A M 
Special edition, black with black interior, T-top. Completely load­ ed. Never registered. 
V E H IC L E S 
U N L IM IT E D , 
499 o294 

*72 Cheyenne Chevy, ' « Ion pick-1 
UP. 517QQ 455 34o8______________ 

*76CHEYENNE H TM ! 
Loaded, 54oo miles, like new 
Listed at S4So4. asking ssoeo 
481 3475. 

•72 Ventura ll. V-8, Autom atic, power steering, factory air, rodio, vinyl roo I, new tires, low mileage 
Good condition. 224-9747. 

C L U B WAGON-74 
Fully Equipped Must Sell 
Coll Herb 225 79o9 or 448 1934 
•74 Datsun pickup, 4spd, radio, air, new mags, all terrain, excel­ lent, S2 8 9 5, 342-35o8 
•72 Datsun pickup Air S1o5o or bes! offer. 894-4148 

743 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 
•73 Dodge B IOO Van Excellent cond. $275o. 732 9473 atter 5. 

 n 
C C A D A V ^ ,oot !* f ”oat- ’ '•* hours, 455 m m 
) C A K A T Olds, excellent condition, tan- . . . . . H R dem oxle trailer, yellow with block interior 
4 o 5 o H R 
• MOTORCYCLE • 
» 
VENELLI iirtbike, good condition................... iso n 
D e a le r s W e i c e m e d - l r i n g Y o u r T a x N a . 
■ 
SOUTH TEXAS WHOLESALERS ■ 

 s e a s S A N P E D R O • 7 3 4 - 6 4 8 5 
■ 
HRRRRRRHHRRRRHHK! 

•7o Buick Wagon. '44 Ford W agon. 1977 Dodge Custom Van. Full In 
•7o VW Wagon. *71 Olds 88 Sedan, terior. Sunroof. Custom paint, 
1-42S-91QS. New Braunfels m ags. Never registered, bran d new $92oo Will accept good boat as down payment. 349-8272 
T R A D E W I N D S A u to S a le s 

3oo3 sw M il ITA RY ^ 922-27o1 Oodge Maxlvan, 1$ pass , cruise 
I 
J 
.. • 
Air, looded, very clean, $2,89$ 
V W D u n e b u ao v, M e tal B o d y , Owner, 49o-991o, 494-7377 att. 5 needs engine work, 
344 1725 titled 
S2'o 

746 TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

75 D O D G E P IC K U P 
Take up payments, no equity, coll 
Credit Manager, 341 $571 
*3 D odge pickup R u n s w ell 
Needs tome work. $35o 423-4554 

A L A M O W HITE T R U C K S 
814 PRO BAN O T 
224 2131 
1975 and 1974 Chevrolet SW B, 4 
CVI 824-9545, 495-8o56 

’74 D O D G E S p o rtsm a n V o n , power, air. 922-2724 

W E ARE 
OVER-STOCKED 
O N C L E A N 
USED CARS 

Our Sales Policy Is... 
HIGH VOLUME 
LOW PRICES! 
N O W IS THE TIME TO 
GET A G O O D DEAL O N 
A G O O D CAR! 

Used Cars With a Future 

B U I C K C O . 

4 4 o o S A N P E D R O • 7 3 4 -4 2 2 1 

★ O PEN UNTIL 8 P.M. ★ 

ARMY TRUCKS 
S A L E S PART S S E R V IC E 
Brouboeh Equipment, 734-1459 
‘75 B E A U JA M E S, low m ileage, call 922-2724 
1972 B E D E L L van trailer, 34ft, goo d condition, good ru b b e r, 
$2ooo or best offer. Judson C a n ­ dleshine. 831 S Flores 227 52o1 

22 D O D G E N , cob chassis $1295 
•74 Window Von ............ $2595 
SM IT H 'S U SE D C A RS 
7o5 S.ALA M O 
274 9144 
'73 D O D G E 'lio n Club Cab. $175o. 
427 2524 
73 Dodge % ton pickup, power, a ir, cru ise control, extra fuel tank, $25oo. Blanco Products 41o at Broadw ay 824-298) 

‘75 B L A Z E R $4495 
Air, power, auto. Roll bar. Jack ­ m an wheels, big tires 
734-4321 

74 Dodge *. Ion Van low mileage, m ust sell, air, power, S4ooo, or belt otter 458 3934 between 8-4 i serious inquiries only.___________ 
I -75 D O D G E VAN, auto, air, swb c m -tm radio. 344 9123 
{•77 D O D G E VAN, customiied in- 
... 
, — — 
— 'side and out. Never registered. 
74 Blaxer KS. 32,ooo mi., good Can be seen at cond. $44oo. 49o-894o Otter 4. 
P E R F O R M A N C E 
V A N S al 
S la t e r , ‘73, pow er- ste e r in g -; 
America brokes, air, auto, $3795. $32 47o8 MTO BOBBYLOU454 844o; 333 4243 
448-o171. Ask for Welter_________ Dodge Von, new painl and body, 
‘74 Bronco. 3o2 VS. Air, A M -F M new tires, custom carpet inside, cassette, auto. 494-7137. 
$175o. 922 54o2._________________ 
'48 Bronco VS, std , pickup. 4-whl drive. $145o. 735-4339. 
‘74 BRONCO 
3o2 V 8, 4-wheel dr. clean, $325o see at 134 Cloverleaf, 824 1813 

D R IV E IN TRU CK SA L V A G E 
P IC K U P TRU CK P A R T S 
2o2 Laredo Hwy. 924-4551, 924-4552 

■75 B R O N C O 4-Wheel D r iv e 
824-9545, 495-8o54 
C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R S A L E S 
Distributors Century W reckers 
14o3 NO. A LA M O 
225-4144 
'75 Chevrolet Pickup Silverado, loaded. $4995. Tom Benson Im ­ ports 341-1354. 
•72 C H E V R O L E T Pickup, power steering, radials, 35o VS, lust reu pholstered $17oo or best otter. 
342-4575 
•7$ Chevrolet pickup. L W B . V S sta n d a rd , power, air, cle an, I owner. 924-85o1, 922-4444 
•49 Chevrolet V» ton, new V -8 en gine Autom atic tra n sm issio n power, factory air, extra clean 
$1395 Will trade 923-2883 
•7$ Chevrolet Van, LW B, 3o Se 
Ties, new tires. 434-4781, ask for 
Craig 
‘71 C H E V Y auto, olr%ton pickup 
$125o. Jim, 441-4511 

 iw w D i l l / ' t / **9o*’ outomatic, ok, power, sport mir- . . . n r 
/ / B U I v K mr, chrome wheels, TOG miles .......... 5395 automatic, air, power, stereo, extra shorp.. 
Centurion 4 dr. hardtop, outomatic oir, power steering, radio, 29,ooo ocfuol, 
*5295 
’76 MERCURY S " ion 4 d steering, luuv, u ,w v H 'ugl i O l f i r miles, beautiful Burgundy. Beige top, vinyl interiot.. a I T J 
73 BUICK 

’76 RIVIERA !™ t. 
*6895 tm c a i n e De,1° 88 CoUPe- V 'M ,oP' hit wheel, AM 
/ J U L E / ) FM stereo, wnite on white................ tmm n e f i r Cutlass coupe, automatic, cir power, good 
7 5 U L U ) color, d e a n cor........................................................................... 
’A A D I I l l 'l l leSabre, automatic, 
O O B U K H steering, clean cor. ____ 
BOBCAT, 4 speed, air, butkel 
Beja) Bi seats, special Bobcat decor.. 

*3995 
*4495 power *1395 
*2995 
76 MERCURY tw o ^ L i r t x n A l F T Caprice, 4 dr., automatic, air, 
I O V n C V K U l f c ! power, 
AM-FM, blue wM t n o n r white top...................................... 
2395 
» w o B il l e t # Isntuiy 4 dr., automatic, air, power, t o e o s* 
1 o B U I v n thoroughly double -becked, #A7oI5B.. 2695 i f * B i l l e t t Limited 2-dr. hardtop, loaded, stereo, . m e r . r 
11 BUICK 7,ooo miles...................................*7895 
• w e B t V A A A u t Ll Duster, 
2 door hardtop, l o r L T I f i U U l n 17,ooo miles, outomatic, air, t o * o r power, extra dean.......................................... O I t o 
SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK 
^ 5 o H ^ O ^ W A Y ^ ^ ^ F H V E N I b l G S ^ ^ 2 6 ^ 3 6 ^ ^ 

‘74 C H E V Y B L A Z E R Cheyenne 
Package, 11x15 tires, white spoke wheels, air, power steering, auto, am -fm radio . Solar w in d o w s, c r u is e co ntrol, sk id p la te s , 
4-wheel dr. $48oo 453-1o29 eves, weekends 
’71 Chevy Blazer. 4-whl drive, lock in hub*. $2395. 349-2674 
‘74 C h e w Blazer. 4-whl drive. 
C h e y e n n e p ack age , lo a d e d . 
_________ 441-44o1. 2-2)________ 

D U M P T R A IL E R 
74 2o yd tandem trailer, new paint lob good cond, coli Rudv, 924-5591. between 8-4732-7271 aft 7, 
67 E lC a m ln o . Air, VB, m a g s . 
Goad condition $795. 333-1412 
76 ElCamlno Classic. 9,OOO miles 
L o a d e d ! In dash CB, 8 tr a c k 
A M -F M stereo. Tilt wheel, power locks, cruise control, $45oo to sell, or will trade tor '7o to ‘74 pickup. 
Call. 923-7739 or 423-259o ask tor 
Steve 
•76 El Camino Classic. Air, A M 
F M 8-track stereo, tilt steering rally wheel*. 18,ooo ml. 491 4591 
Atter 5:3o: 1-249-8137, Boerne. 

SA V E NO W BEFORE 
THE PRICE INCREASE 

 lo n q w hi'f'i bns«» air. pow ei blout m u & b u b a s A M radio, oxtem lud watt ality 
We Take Trades on Cars 6 Trucks 
Call or Come By for an Appraisal 

'TRUCKS ARE OUR ONLY BUSINESS 

 e ra SanAntonioTnjcks 

( 4 ’.* m iles east of 4 1 o at C on verse Exit' 

SPECIALIZED TRUCKS 
7 3 INT. T R U C K 2 o 7 o A , Single Axle, Conv. Diesel Trac­ tor 2 3 o Cummins Engine, IO sp Road Ranger 2 3 ,o o o lb. Rear Axle. New Paint. Extra Sharp $1 5 ,9 5 o . 
7 1 F O R D F7oo 5 6 Yard Dump, 361 Eng.ne, 5 sp , 2 sp., Au Brakes. 
. 
7 4 F O R D Econoline E 3oo, 12 panel van, 6 cyl., stan dord shift, new paint, S 3 2 9 5 
7 2 F O R D Conventional Cab Diesels with Cummin* Power, 
Single Axle and Tandem Axles. 
„ 
7 2 G M C A S T R O 9 5 , Tandem Axle, Cab Over Sle ep s, 
8V 71 
Detroit With new Engine Overhung 
13 sp 
Iran*., 3 8 ,o o o lb Rear Ends, Reyco Suspension, IO hole disc rims $ I 3 , 3 o o . o o * 
7 4 C HEV, with Com b 
Milk and Ice G eom Cold Plate 
Body 
GRANDE FORD TRUCK SALES 
IM I O E a t W . W . W h it e P H : 6 6 1 - 4 1 2 1 

■69 FO R D 6, Std. • > ton 
$1195 
'68 C H E V Y V* ton std.......... 81395 
•73 C H E V Y Wagon, 9 pats $1995 
•72 FO RO */> ton ................$199* 
•72 C H E V Y Van, n ic e 
$2295. 
W E F IN A N C E 
E A S Y T E R M S 
V A I L ’S P IC K U P S 
3421 NO G ALITO S 
924-4446 
•77 Ford Super Cob, 8’ bed, air, 2 tone. Ranger X LT 229 4575. 
•74 Ford Super Cab, re gu lar aas, 
V -8, paw er ste e rin g, p ow er b ra k e s, air, new tire s, lin e d camper shell, 38,ooo miles, *4ooo. 
473-1116 evening 732-4/6? 
74 Ford I Ton Flat. $3595 
Power, air, auto., sharp! 
'73 Dodge I ton Stake, $2595 
15,ooo miles, auto., pow ei. nice) 
Mild Auto Soles 36oo SW M ilitary 
‘74 Ford '/j ton pickup Hydraulic gate, loaded $275o $33 337o 
•7? Ford Vj ton PU Excel., dean 
Auto , air, power, low ml $275o 
342-5169. 
•74 Ford Van. Auto., V 8, power, 
Copt. chairs. Fully carpeted F M 
8-tra ck stereo. M u st se ll Im mediately! M oko offer 456 9342 or 654-1o2o 
‘44 F o rd Van. 2oo-Ci en g , h e a d e rs, m ag s, 
Fm ste re o , 
8 track, fully carpeted, paneled, full size, built-in bed. hign-back seats, needs paint $11oa 27o3 
Tyne, 2 blk* E ut Rigsby A W W. 
White. 
'4? Ford Van, 4 cylinder, with m ags and custom paint lob S9oo 
824 8475. 

T R U C K 
19/6, 2 
M A C K . 
196/ 

•65 ElCam lno. G as Saver 23o, 6 
, excellent. $7oo. 653 2751 
S I L 
71 EL CAMINO S I 995 
L O A D E D 
Fiberglass cam per shed 
736-4321 
•68 ElCam lno. 35o, VS, 3-speed. 
Good condition. 824-3562. 
73 F-35o Ford, 48,46o m i., I owner, 12* steel bed with stakes, dump, make offer. 675-I242.______ 
F L O BO Y Model MMT 74 Asphalt traile r, complete with wet kit. 
Convoy lake, t35-2ll7 
73 Ford Bronco, auto-4 wheel dr, auxillary gas tank, power steer­ ing, 
Kunrackt. 
$34oo 
73S-2294, 
494-4234. 

1972 C h e vy Cheyenne S u p e r, loaded! 826-9S65, 695 8o54 

Super74 CJigvy C la r in e cr pickup. Loaded ....... $: 
734-4321 
‘71 C h e v y Cheyenne, w ith ou t camper, $1758. 627-24o7 att 5pm. 
‘71 Chevy Cheyenne Super Va ton, 
LW B. Power, air, auto, radials 
3SO, 4 bbl, duol exhaust. *1975 or best Ofter. 533-5397, 734-o174 
‘72 C H E V Y Custom Cab, L W B , auto, power, factory air, $1795. 
9o% financing available. 224-441o 
44 Chevy ll Super Sport 327 high performance, SHOO tst 
‘75 Chevy, K-1o 4 WD, C am p e r 
Shell, auto, loaded, 35o V-8, low mileage, $51oo.. 655-8514. 
*75 Chevy Luv clean, 49,ooo mi. 
$2495, 341-1455 or 455-S474. 
*72 C h e vy Luv pickup. 4-spd. 
Clean. $145o 533-337o. 
‘74 Chevy LW B air, stand, power 
828-435$. Atter 7: -694-o3o3. 
•71 C H E V Y 6, Maxi-Van, $1495. 
333-8152 

'72 Ford Courier. Radio, heater, 
4-sod., Camper Shell Good cond. 
$18oo. 533-3852 att. 5 ________ 
•7o-71 Ford Crew Cabs 
4-spd., and auto. V« T, $2495. '74 
Chevy 
T 4-spd *3195 75 Ford 
VS % T, loaded. $2995. 72 Ford % 
T 4-spd. $1495. 
Mild Auto Soles MOO SW M ilitary 
75 F O R D Custom ISO, LW B P ic k ­ up 34o V8, reg gas, power steer­ ing, brakes, standard. 22,ooo m l. 
Excellent. 333-6538 
•73 Ford Custom Van, air, au la 
V -8824-9565, 495 8o56 
75 Ford Explorer 6, loaded $3475 
•75 Ford F I5o, loaded ....... $2475 
'7o Ford 4 std. SWB ..........$1275 
2o? New Laredo Hwy 924-2211 
*75 Ford Explorer, standard, 6 cylinder, 
LWB, low mileage. 
455-3139. 
76 Ford F1oo pickup, 4 cylinder, standard, camper shell, 12,ooo m iles, take over paym ents, a s ­ sum e balance. 1oo% financing. 
Coll Ernie 481-3871. 

1946 F O R D V A N . O N E 
C A P A C IT Y . 333-o218 
T O N 

•72 Ford Van, VS, auto., air, In sa in te d , p a n e lin g , c a rp e te d 
$275o 441-8144 atter S. 
76 FORD W innow VAN 
E-3So, std., 6 cyl. A ir, pow er. 
Chateau, Copt, chairs, p rivac y glass. Dual gas tanks, 28,ooo ml. 
IS mpg. SSI St. 494-1441 d a y s / 
494-725o home. 
G M C C U S T O M IZ E D V A N , 7 4 
H a s everything $429$. or best otter. Private owner since new. 
699-3422 
7$ G M C Sie rra C lassic . 4 whl drive, '/» ton, oir, power, 35o VO. 
W in n e b ago In su late d C a m p e r cover New 4 ply tires. CB, tape deck 2o,7oo ml 684-38o9. 

 shushon 

LEO PRESLEY 
TRUC KIN G CO. 

JU N E 7 tO O O A M. 

 rom I 3b Toke Hw y 28 / Wast 
I V Miles to Sale Location 

Ft. W oith, loxes 

T R A C T O R S 
IHC 
1973 s. 1968, 1 9 6 / 
1 9 /4 , 
1o69, 
1968 
A U T O C A R . 
1973 
KF NW O R TH . 
.I 
1 9 /3 s 
W H ITE . 1 9 /3 . 
1968 
DUMP 
HUCKS. 
IH C , 1 9 /2 . GMC, 
19 /2 . 1969 F L A T B E D 
19/3| 
IIF. V H O t I I 
PICKUPS 
9 /4 
FO R D 
' i 
Io n , 
19/2 
:H E V R oL F ;T 
Ton 
LIV E 
STOCK 
T R A U I RS 
1 9 /t 
B A R R I T T , 19/1. W ILSO N . 
1 9 /3 A M E R IC A N * 
F L A T 
PE D T R A IL E R : 1 9 /6 AM KR 
ICAN 
RE EFE R S . 
1 9 6 / 
[T R A IL M O B IL E . 
2 
1961 
F R U E H A U F '* 
V A N S 
2 
1964 STR ICK *. 1 9 6 / O H IO 
L O W B O Y . F R U E H A U F 

T XOS 77-o111 
W»»fr CoM *o» D*«m 

 i m s o n m m i w n o n m 
SOSO NORTH Cf NTDAl iXRRgSSWAVl 
DALLAS TCXAS /S/o6 • JT4/&9? OSU.! 

SAN A N T O N IO T R U C K S 
S A L E S A S E R V IC E 
GM C. Diam ond Rec. Peterbullf 
381o IH-1o 
MI-4511 

65 G M C 2G ten tractor with 31' flatbed trailer. 1ooo tires. M ot or excellent. Q uick sa le 
$375o 
474-8382. After 4 494-2338 
7/ G M C Van, not less 1*9o miles, fully loaded, $78oo 471-1o57 
7$ G M C VI, auto Dower air, duut tan k s, m irro rs, new c a m p e r 
$369$. 733-8876,' 733-8*94 

73 G M C 4W D 
Vjton, Immaculate l,ooo lb Warn winch, hi-intenslty lights, deluxe interior, tilt steering, am tm 8 track, air, hi-performance engine, 
Edelbraok torquer manifold, dual e x h a u st, twin 74 g a l. ta n k s, chrome tow bumper Will go anv- where In Luxury $388o 824 54/4 
G O N N A G E T M A R R IE D Gotta 
ISOM, 72 Ford Van, Nice. 534-7526. 
G R A N D E FO R D TRU CK S A L E S 
IH to and W W Whtte Road 
Mi-4121 international Trucks 
7ts Stevos Ave._________534 se n 

SCHOOL-High way Diesel Buses 
23o1 N O G ALIT O S, 
534-4711 
‘74 Silverado A M F M stereo, low mileage, best offer, 49* 7273. 
7? S U B U R B A N Power, dual air. coil *32-2714 
T ake O v e r P a y m e n ts on V O 
F O R O P IC K U P . N o E q u ity . 
222 o*84, D ennis, 'nile* 454 4321 
% TON International pickup, 1*73. 
Auto. tr a n s m is s io n , p o w e r brakes, $1/oo 532-o711. 
73 Toyota pickup truck L u x u s 
826 *545, 6*V 8o56 
VAN S: Buv-Sell Trade 
4831 S. Flores 
*23-421* 
W A N T ED : O L D E R P IC K U P 
4*o-1o22 

MB ifllWCYOincaOTO 

•73 In te rn a tio n a l C re w C o b 
4-wheel drive. Must sell 222-1342 

‘75 C H E V Y P IC K U P , take up payments, call *24-4471 
•57 C H E V Y Pickup, overhauled 
Corvette engine $8o8. 457-1o56 
•72 C H E V Y PKkuo 'Won, custom built angili*, 4-speed, (over 14&Go. spe n t In engine atone) $25oo. 
341-443*, 481 o242 
C H E V Y Pickup, 74. Glom power steering, brakes, air, clean. 
1-935 2117 
'74 Chevy pickup Custom HO. 6 cyl., auto., new paint. As is. $185o. 
927-571$, 454-4o4o. 
•77 Chevy pickup. Metallic red. 6 cyl., ttd., radio, carpet., S W B . 
81988. 422 Surrel 
| ‘75 Chevy pickup. Crew Cab, dual w heeler, 4S4, Cam per Spe cial. 
Air, full power, stereo, A M -F M 
'o pe. 349-3o84. hm m 

‘4$ F U R Y I II , 2 dr. h ardto p, rebuilt transm ission, good tires, extra cieon. $458. 498-9o33. 
73 F U R Y III S E D A N $1495 
AUTO 
A IR , 
V E R Y 
C L E A N 
________435-1441 
'7$ G ran Fury, 4 door, leaded. 
Must sell. 828-1792 
‘7$ P lym o u th Custom Valiant, 
4-doer, (4). autom atic, factory air, power steering, radio, tinted glass, vinyl top, 2ompg, 44,7oo actual miles. L IK E N EW ! $2895 
344-o492 

742 PONTIAC 

•74 G rand Prix, loaded, A M -FM , 
E x tra , exta clean! Show room cond. S35So . 494-4484 
Gran Prix *76. Beautiful! Air, au­ to., orig. owner Must sell due to tragic loss f i t 191o 

‘45 Ch evy pickup. Good paint. 
Running KOO. 434-4831,B B 
74 Chevy pickup. Utility body, air, good tires, good shape $2895. 
735-7244; 533-2o74. 
74 C h e w Pick IID 454 engine. short wheel base, am-fm 8 track, tilt wheel, air, power, 
$34oo. 
344-3914. 

76 G R A N P R IX , black on black, low mi. *22-2724 

•73 C H E V Y Pickup Vt ton, 4 stan idard, new paint, 
5239o. 
Jim, 
461-4511 

74 FO RD, F 15o, R A N G E R X LT , m ag wheels, B F Goodrich TA 
R a d io l Tires $4*oo se rio u s In ­ quiries 
ONLY. 
654 o*17 or 
484 274*. 

International Scout ll. Bi-Centen mat Edition * mas old. loaded, 
$42oo. list for $87oo can be seen at 
M iium Garage 

75 Ford F t5o Hanger, oir, power 
828-4355, Atter 7: -4*4-63o3. 
‘72 Ford F-1oo Ranger G ten, *« bed. Std , air, radio 47,QUO mi., very cieon. $245o 494-SCI7._____ 

Int’l Harvester Travellall. ‘73 air, auto, power, 655-.13*7 
’71 INT L T R A V E L A LL , trace tor car $145o. 454-o*4o 
•74 Jeep, CJS, 14,oo9 miles, new wheels, best otter 
**5 3388. 
(Comfort)_____________________ 

'76 F O R D F25o 
S U P E R CAB, toke up payments, no equity, call Credit Manager, 
349-6948 

'75 Jeep Renegade C J 5 V-8. dual exhaust. CB, $4875 824 382o 

•74 Ford F25o, super cab, loaded, owner must tell, sacrifice large equity. 341 4737 

•76 Jeep Truck, 34o, 4 wit drive, all pow er, auto, air, c ru ise cont, 
A M -F M , 11,ooo mi 49* I71S 

•74 Ford F-15o Super Cab, loaded, law mileage. Below Book 349-1483 offer 6 p.m. 
________ _______ 

'74 Jeep Wagoneer, sm all V I, 4 wheel drive, auto, air, power, ex­ cellent condition SI495 or best otter 433 *2/5 433 2284 

HONDA 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

57o8 MOBUD 
Sand * rn Rd A 41o 
684-3682 

.jwliiiflU nwlw4ifc-llii<R*wMW i AmA1* 

Being transferred, M ust Sell IS 
L o ve rd o 75o S S E 
3,ooo m ile s m any extra*. Witt acce p t a n y reasonable otter. 432 floe __ 
B e ing tran sfe rre d ! M o s t sell, 
Custo m T o u rin g Bike. 75oCC, many extras. 
Will sacrifice I 
IJ7-3/42 

•74 Ford F-15o. Super Cab, loaded, tow mileage. Below book 349-1483 atter 6 p.m.__________ _ 
‘77 F ord F-15o. 3o2. VS, auto , loaded. 4,ooo m iles. E x p lo r e r 
Package. 533-525) 
74 F O R D r 25o, With cam per, looded. $3658. 341-3*33___________ 
•76 F O R D G O O D T IM E S V A N , 
Loaded! 
121-6355, 
Atter 
7:-696-o3o3. 
‘63 Ford, LWB, 352 V-8, auto, new paint, $5*5. 432 3o42, 4*4-1*22. 

•76 Oran Prix, by owner. Looded 
828-4355, After 7:-6*4-o3o3._______ 
‘72 Gran Prix SJ alt power, excellent cond. 
$43oo 
454-8782 

J '7o Chevy pickup Air, SHOO. Call 
I 473-448* Otter 5 p al, 
! '45 Chevy pickup. Long bed, std., 
. new engine. $4*5. 653 14*7._______ 
•67 Ch evy Step van left. long. 

‘72 Ford Pickup, camper shell, electric brokes, good cond, ll9oo 
COM 454-2917______ 
______ 

•77 Jeep, 4 wheel drive, renegade package, must sell now, will help finance Coil Lorry 699 3434 
38' Keystone Grain Trailer, rub­ ber 4o%. $2875 or best ofter. ‘73 
G M C 4-wheel drive, </>Ton with camper, loaded, $3*9$ 
‘73 
F o rd I Ton, V t, 4*pd, equipped to pull goosoneck 
•73 Chevy 2-Ton, V-8, 4*pd-2*pd with 18’ grain bodv 
’7o 2-Ton, V -8, 4spd-2tpd with winch and poles 
'7o Chevy i-Ton, V-8, 4spd, dual wheels, equipped to pull gooseneck 
‘49 Chevy, 2-Ton, V-8, 4spd-2spd with 16’ grain bodv 
333-213o or 621-7o19 

B M W RSO Excellent condition' 
|$I49S, or best ofter 735-5/6? 
•73 BMW , R7S-S, like new 759o mi. 
Bags, windshield, backrest, rack. crash bar $19oo firm; ‘7$ S U Z U ­ 
K I G T -I8S, 1/9 ml Excellent con clition MSO. 733 9588 
•73 BSA 45o Chopper with trailer. 
$13oo 448-2553. 448-o231 
•4/ BSA 45o Hornet. Classic, stock. 
5,888 miles $1ooo 492-1495. 
B U Y IN G U S E D M O T O R C Y C L E S 
Pay cosh. Colt: 441-2212.1 
CB 3SO-F Honda ‘73 473-4323 att. S weekday, all day weekends. 8 
72 Enduro Suzuki, 125. 73 K aw a­ saki 5oo EXC. Cond. 49o 8785 

‘72 F O R D Pickup F-25o, V* ton, 4 
SR. $1495. 1-425-o486_____________ 

1947 Plymouth Fury, 4dr. 3*83 V-8 I ‘73 G R A N P R IX SJ, 35,ooo mi. 'con verted Info a Cam per, new 
Power B rake s, Power Steering 534oo 828-43*5 eves, weekends. 
--------- 
" 
A y t ^ a t lc , Factory Air, Tinted .74 G R A N P R IX , T ake 
G lo ss, 
R a d io , 
B ra n d 
New poym «nt*, coll *24-44/1 up 

Premium White side Won Tires, ~ T ‘ 
*"?* 
J T 
’ 
, , „ 
IM M A C U L A T E C O N D IT IO N . > 
O T O J U D G E , Special R am 
$7*5. 344-86*2 engine. V e ry clean SH A R P per­ formance. Serious inquiries only please 342 *62o________________ 
■72 P ly m o u th F u ry III, low miieogt, excellent cond. 734-o27o. 
7o C T O Pontiac auto, v-8, radio 

S A C R IF IC E '7$ P L Y M O U T H ,, 
AUTO. A IR . N IC E P A IN T R U N S 
GOOD. N E W L IC E N S E . C LEAN . 
A S K IN G $13*o 124-8o74 E V E S 
A N D W E E K E N D S 

 bott after, 734-5443. ofter 4pm 

$875 
1971 L e M a n s H ard T o p, pow er and air, radials, excellent. 
349-1489. 
742 ■ PMTIAC 
4* LeM ans, needs minor repairs, 
$7oo. 714 Rochombeau 922-o413 

•7o Catalina. Air, power, excellent mech, cond. $795. 494-78M. 
7o Catollno, all cower, clean in and out, must sell, best otter over 
$775 337-58o2 

•69 Le M ans, one owner, outo., air, excellent tires, ralley wheels. 
$9oo. otter 5:3o pm. 824-5743. 

‘49 Catalina. Excellent mechan leal cond. Power steering. Asking 
$75o. 456-7448 eves. 

‘74 L E M A N S , power, air, stereo 
Excell. 
53,ooo or best offer. 
481-o239 

 engine, with a 4-speed transm is- 
Sign 349-7333___________________ 
•75 Chevy Suburban Cruise Con 
Ira!, front, rear air. 4-spd.. trans. tock-in dirt. 494-7137 
‘77 C H E V Y Suburban, 9 p a ss, leaded with everything, except 
4-Wd. 4 mas, (I) 583-23o7 Kennedy 
'75 C h e w !« tan, double tab pick up, auto., $425o. 
’74 Chevy '/i ton Custom Deluxe pickup, $18oo 
C a ll: Su th e rlan d S p rin gs, Tx. 
1-947-33S* ar eves: l-94*-33IO. 

'72 Ford Pickup Vt ton, auto. LW B 
2937 Roosevelt________________ 
’77 Ford Pick-Up fully loaded. 
$51oo or best otter 
441-4354 or 
453-o749. 
•45 F O R D Pickup with '71 36o V 8, headers, mags, am-fm, I track, best otter Boerne (1)755-4788 
‘72 F O R D Ranchero, oir, pawer, steering, am-fm stereo, IOO VK, 
$14o8. 855-311* 
•74 Ford Ranchere, GT fully toad ad, om-tm 8 track excellent cond 
342-1285, home, 4*2 25*o 

75 C H E V Y ’ ,ton fully equipped 
LW B. $3995. 
W F V Motors, 2415 Vance Jackson 

‘75 Ford, ran ge r % ton, w ith cam per, must sell now, will fin- 
OttCt. Coll Art. 499-3434__________ 
•75 Ford Ranger, I- w- b. loaded, v r y clean. 648-o579 
1S72 M U N I R XLT 

L A R G E A SSO R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D IE S E L T RU CK T R A C T O R S 

IT O H T M 
CO 
1-79* 3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L T R U C K 
SA L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
PO Box 411 Hallettsville,Tx 
1974 M K O *. 828-1991 
M U S T S E L L ! ‘77 C H E V Y 'lio n n os everything, lf you w ant a pickup, you must see this! *,ooo ml. 8S75o. 342-26*1_______________ 
N E W and U SE D Bumpers. Light weight to heavy duty. For all sizes of pickup trucks 924-6551-2o2 New 
Laredo Hwy. 
O W N ER O P E R A T O R S 
3 a x le tra c to rs an d fla t bed traile rs for Statewide hauling. 
Plenty af freight, backhauls. Full settlement weekly Older trucks 
Zl.C232!U£. S M 
S ? M Art! 
P'CkUR. Automatic^ air, pow er q,ccJ g t.d,o24.7273 , 333-58*4 

•75 OL-1ooo Looded. make otter. 
Call: 223 2*81 ext 17* before 5. 
A tter 5: 458-1*86.______________ 
I 75 Harlev SX 75o 9oo miles. $575. j Coll: 673-74o1.__________________ 
' 74 Hondo, 3B 14o, low mi Good 
I condition. E n gin e overh auled, helmets, leaving town, must sell. 
I i6i5 F/3-234/___________ 
Mondo 45o C B excelle nt cond. 
I S3V5. 735-5742 
*75 H O N D A CB* tout .... 
_________ *7oo. 824-4*2o__________ i '74 Honda. C B 36o with extras. 
| *24-444/ otter 4 pm.__________ 
‘73 Honda, CL IOO. 7,ooo m iles. showroom cond. 341 3282________ 
‘75 Honda 55o. 4 cylinder, like new i condition. 811oQ. 456-177o. 
I ‘74 Hondo G L 1ooo Fast, smooth as silk Extras. $2295. 342-5348 
I ‘74 HO N DA G L MKH). Gold Wing. red, lu g gag e rack, box, c ra sh bars, perfect cond , 3,5oo miles. 
I $77oo, 481-32U Anytime! 
74 Honda G L 1ooo 4ooo mi., m any extras. $32oo Like new! 494-589) 
•47 Honda 3o5. Good condition. 
Very reasonable. 337-4244. 

Air, auto, duals, low miles ideal for M o to r Home conversion or business. Call, 4*4-12*8. 

41 C A T A L IN A , good condition 
Air, new tires 555o. 533 *837 
1*7o E xe cu tiv e Pontiac, auto. 
A M -F M radio, good condition. 
$4oo 653-24o* 
•72 Firebird. Excellent condition 
Load e d 
828-4355, 
A fter 
7:-4*6-o3o3 
74 f i r e b i r d Formula. Silver, sp e c ia l fa c to ry decor. $15o. equity, toke over payments. 
4*o-o8o4 
74 F IR E B IR D . Formula 35o, OU to, all pewer equip., many extras. 
$4981 COH 894-3575.____________ i?74 Fireb ird Pontiac, Loaded 
I -owner 824-9545, 495-8o54 

•48 Vista Cruiser, geed condition, 
•73 Grand Prix, om-tm * lr power seats, windows, tilt. air $28oo 
JUfcUH.__________________ 

•72 Luxury LeM ons 4o,ooo miles, 
I -owner 
828-4355, 
Atter 
7:-494-o3o3.____________________ 
'72 L U X U R Y L E M A N S, 2-door hardtop, low mi. extra clean, all pew er, fa c to ry air, 
518*5. 
»o%Banoncing ovqitobie. 224-441o 
'74 P ly m o u th Duster, loaded, 
524*5. Tem Benson Imports 
____________ 341-1356____________ 
•75 P o n tiac A stre Wagon, fully leaded, like new 14,ooo m iles, 
$255o. 658-45o3. 
P O N T IA C C A T A L IN A ‘75 4-door 
Take up paym ents or 523*5. Call; 
225-65o1 m ust ask for Don Holtz 

•75 C H E V Y Alton pickup, auto, p o w e r ste e rin g , b rake s, a ir. clean. Conroe Lake 1*35-2117 
73 CHEVY % JOB 
I Pickup Custom DeLuxe. Loaded! 
I 
...................................... $22*5 
1____________ 734-4321____________ 
•75 Chevy Vj ton pickup. $2ooo or m ake offer Coll: 34*-3i2t._______ 
•7o Chevy %!on Pickup, air, load­ ed, heavy duty tires. A-1 cond. 
1o'/jFt. cabover cam per, c o m ­ plete, co m m ode 
See lo Ap predate: 448-o55*.______________ 
1*75 Chevy % ton, 4-wheel drive. 
4 speed 826-9545, 6*5-8o56 

 steering, brakes ............. $248* 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M BS 
F O R D SO U TH SID E 
1*o1 SW Military *22-6317 
I*75 Ford R anger X L t T Super cob. $4,4oo. 735-4*51.__________ 
•77 F o rd R a n g e r X L T F-15o 
Power, air. tool box, 4ooo ml. New tiros and spoke whit 735-25*3. 
•73 F O R D Ranger pickup, loaded 
71 
$175o. trade, 342-2o93 , 344-o845 

‘76 Honda, 55oK, perfect cond.. 
138oo m ile s, B a n k p a y o ff ie 
I $1394.95. No equity. Call D avid 
$185o 
5o44________________________ 

48 Ford Conger 
5/oo or ! - s ’ otter Needs body work. 653-2558 

PICKUPS VANS 
'73 Ford SWB. VS std ...... 
'48 E L CAM IN O , S lid 
.... $115o. 
'47 C H E V Y SWB. 4 Std .......... $85o 
VA N S: 
‘73 
D O D G E 

72*FO RD Suaer 
M iso U Monda M T 75° Elsinore, he!.' 
'73 F O R D Club wagon 
$245o 
____ 
$14*5 
H O NDA O F SAN A N T O N IO 
SO U T H SID E T R U C K S 
I STOB M OB U D 
484 3687 
6831 S.Flores 
*23-4211 

•71 H O N D A /so Motorcycle, low mileage, good cond, windshield, 
! Call 34* 7333. 

‘75 Ford R an ge r X L T pickup. 
Loaded, overload springs, heavy duty shocks. Posi-trac rear end. 
H eadache bar, tool box. $44oo 
512-443-51o5 atter 4 p m. 

•73 P O N T IA C 2-DOOR H A R D T O P 
51 4 9 5 -A U T O , 
A IR . 
P O W E R 
S T E R E O T A P E 435-1441 
‘76 P O N T IA C F IR E B IR D E S ­ 
P R IT . Call J.A. Garza 222-8611 

CHEVY VAN 

77 Ford Ranger XLT 
No money down-tullv loaded 
Call Herb 225-79o9 or 533 7971 

’49, 4 cyl., Vs ton. Air, very clean. 
$1o5o. 1-742-3223.1 
_________ 

Fords-Chevys, 2-2Vj Tons 
23o1 N O G ALITO S 
534-6711 

C A II 225-1666 

•76 C h e vy W recker. I ton, 454 eng., 4-spd., 428 Nomar 8,ooo lb 
Winch. 4,ooo miles. 474-o548. 
I 

‘73, ‘74 Fords, Chevy* long wide, 
IOOded!824-4563. 6*5-8o54 

P icku p feel Box. 63" long. $5o. 
Good shope, well built. 342-9882 
•73 R A N C H ER O GT, auto, power steering, oir, no equity, take over low payments, Randy 68l-3.)92 
•72 Roncheto GT. VB, outo., m ags. 
$145o cash or best ofter. N o checks. 432 58o5. 
R A N C H ER O , neat and clean l*75'/j,44o VS, loaded 
2634 S W. Military . *22-79o5, eves. 

C A I L 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

S A C R IF IC E ! ‘76 C H E V Y Subur­ ban, ordered sp e cial! Bu cket seats, cruise control, tilt steering, stereo 
CB. 
18,ooo mi. 
568So. 
342 24*1 
_____________ 

‘71 Hondo SL-175. Excellent con­ dition. M o n y new p arts. $32$. 
658 4822 Otter 4 p.m. 
Hondo /SO W indjammer III SHOO. 
Al: 4VO-7489 days. 499-o853 Oft 5 
19/5 Honda 
: 36o. windshield, saddle bags, 8.ooo m:lc* SI OO. 824-3742. 
I 1*74 Honda X L 35o. good cond!- lion, only 11,ooo ml $55o. 434 o384. 
JOE H A R R IS O N H O N O A 
Soles Servtce-Ports 
*71o IH 35 NO.__________456 *4oo 
'74 Kawasaki. 125cc. On-Off Rood, excellent condition 53o3 822 /942 

C A I I 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
' 
I 

P a g e 2 8 - D 
S o n An_tom o E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
S u n d a y ju n e 5, I 9 7 7 

748 - MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

•73 K a w a s a k i three • 35GCC, go o d condition, strong, <28 731? 
K A W A S A K I Z I A D U N S T A L L 
'75. 15oo m i 51975 455-2111. 
'74 K Z 4oo K o w o s a k i, e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n . E X T R A S ! B e t w e e n 
3 Aam. 824-2178 
Lu ftm e iste r farin a D a y to n a gold. for B M W R-9o-S C ost 535o, sell for 
57oo 824 IM I. 
M ini-b ike, 3 sad, for dirt a nd trail. 
5oCC 515o, negotiable 824-7358 
*71 M o to G u m W in d sh ie ld , C B 
G o o d Shone. 5995 457 3215 A tter 5 
M o to rc y c le traile r with 3 r a ils in good condition. 421-2251 
_______ 
N O R T O N '74 C O M M A N D O 85o, e xtra clean. 49o-8o25 
P e n ton 125, F d a y N e v e r ra c e d igood cond. Best o H er 341-o5o9 
S A N A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A L E S 
K A W A S A K I Soles. Se rvice. P a r t s ; 
313 N A K O M A 
494-5254! 

8o1 • CAMPERS TRAILERS 

Su p e rglid e 1974, 49oo m iles, 529oo 
A s k tor J. J 534-1347 
'74 S u z u k i R E S , R o to ry , 51.495 
481-1741, 684 7o4o 
Su zu ki T M 4oo. good cond., n ee d s b o c k nobble 55oo or take trad e 
484-4587 a sk for B u d d y 

S u z u k i T S 125, '74 G o o d sh a p e 
53oo C all 927-5oo1, 937 4o5o 
'7o T R I U M P H 45o C h o p p e r, e x ­ tended fork, new engine. H o n e y r e a r end, h o rd t o il, k in g q u e e n se a t, a ll c h ro m e , b la c k m e ta l fla k e 
L o o k s g r e a t R u n s g r e a t 
51 7o o o r b e s t o f f e r 
3 4 2 -S 2 o ! w e e k d a y s; 737-4175 Sat-Sun. 
•73 T R IU M P H T R 4 , a m tm , COS se ttc ste re o Im m a c u la te c o n d 
535oo 
U vald e 
(1)278 9419 eves, 
I w eekends. 
| 3 -W h e e le r T r ik e 1974, C u s t o m built m odel with V o lk sw a g e n en gine and tra n sm issio n 
52795-225-711 1 

I i i 
11«Z 
A N T O N IO 
H O N D A 
O F 
S A N 

• 7 iY a m o h a 2oocc, e le ctric sta rt! 
5775 441 2219______________________ 
•75 Y A M A H A , E n d u ro 4oo Street o r t ra il 575o t ra d e fo r c o r o r I truck 454-o94o______________________ 
'77 Y o m a h o 7oo. N ew h eadlight, new turn signal, new b attery j 
53oo-435 2343 

HfHiilS SWS BUIT 8o? MOTOR HOMES SAUS BUIT 8o2 MOTOR HOMtS SHIES RtWT 8(1? ■ MoJ1 KOMIS S A U S M I HO? MOTOR HOMES SILIS B tl! 

8o4 BUSTS, MOTORS 
81o IMMU HOIKS SIU 

 beat the high cost of having 
FUN! 

Traveling a n d c a m p in g are 

 fun The 1977 Hi l o tete 

 sc o p in g travel trailer is 

 d e s ig n e d tor tun it is e a sy to 

 tow. e a s y o n g a s a n d e a sy 

 o n you C o m e rn a n d let us 

 show yo u how e c o n o m ic a l 

 it is to n a v e tun in a 

 n ew Hi LO 
HH ■' 

' t r a p t rm J * 

OPEN THIS SUNDAY WAY 29TH ^ 
FROM: I: P.M. to 8: P.M. 
ROADRUNNER TRAVEL TRAILER SALES 
493o RIGSBY ‘ 
648-oo6o 

Now, choose the 
Winnebago you like and g e t o f f to a fun filled Summer! 

•75 Y a m o h o 25o Street bike, ac cesso rie s, 2,ooo mi. Adult ow n ed ! 
C all 481 2434 
____ 
'73 Y a m o h o T X 5oo e xtra a rc e s 
5775. call M ik e 49o IM O 455-8517 

75o WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

B U Y J U N K C A R S , E T C 
F R E E P IC K U P 
1427-2711 
After 5: 433 2o3o 
B U Y J U N K C A R S , E T C 
F R E E P IC K U P 
427 2711 
Atter 5: 433 2o3o 

CALL ME FIRST 
L O S T T IT L E S N O P R O B L E M 
T O P C A S H for J U N K C A R S 
923 4422 
; C a sh tor clean c a rs a nd tru c ks. 
L o r r y C an n on Auto Sa le s 
, 563o San P e d ro 
828 4355 
C A S H F O R Y O U R O L D E R C A R 
C A L L 654 o94o 
I B U Y J U N K C A R S 
T O W IN G S E R V IC E 432 3788 

QUICK CASH 
X RS A N D T R U C 
C A R S A N O T R U C K S 
R U N N IN G O R N O T 226 2245 
S E L L I N G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i- p r ic e s p a id to r c le a n e o r s - 
T ru cks, etc. 222 1342 

USED CARS-CLEAIU 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
223-4283 

We Buy Junk Cars Tmchs 
Y O U C A L L W E H A U L 
533 o541, 

W E B U Y U S E D C A R S 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K C O 
4515 S A N P E D R O ________734 4271 
“ W E W A N T T O B U Y 
G O O ™ Clean C o r s -T ru c k s i 
C all 924-6671 

754 TIRES parts accessories 

C E N T R A L T IR E CO. 
7oS N. 
F L O R E S 
274 5473 
‘63 Chewy 327 M otor. SISO. T r a n s ­ m issio n 3 speed and bell h o u sin g cm d flyw h ee l, 55o. B o d y to a 66 
C h e v y M alib u . 2 d r hard to p 5175 
927 6757 atter 7am 

4 C h ro m e R e v e rsib le W heels, with 
W ir e B a s k e t , L o o k s N ic e o n 
G ra n d P r ix or T r a n s A m 587 5o 
648 oo94 

428 e n gin e with a utom a tic Ir o n s m issio n 535o 695 331o 
F O R D a u to m a tic t r a n s m is s io n , 
♦its 'ST to '6o 432-3237 

(2) G 78 X1 4 tires and w heels 51o e a c h (2) 8.75X16 tire s 55. each 
459 1841 

J U N K IN G 
'67 Toyota; ‘63 O L D S 
F-85. 342 8828, 342-8828 
<2> N SOX 15 f o r m u la I t ir e s , m o u n te d on IO " m a g w he els, fit 
F o r d , C h e v y m o p o r. E x c e lle n t condition 515o 661-565o. 
Q U A L IT Y E N G I N E S & P A R TS 
F A R G O S A L V A G E 
627 2711 
433 2o3o Atter 5: 
T ru c k p a rts for 71 C h e v y p ic ku p 
F ro n t bum per, tail gate, 
54o 
923-1115 
V A L V E G R I N D E R like new 922-1228 
Q u ic k w a y . 

‘68 V W C h a ssis, (dune b u g g y m a ­ terial), e xtra m isc. fires, v y y a ir unit, all S15o. 695 84o7 

I 

■ S lA R C R A f T l 
PREMIER! 

S ta rc ra ft's new econ om y-m ind ed 
Travel S ta r travel trailers join the great line of luxury travel trailers. 

Travel Star 18o 

I 

Se e all the 
1977 Sta rcra ft travel trailers a t... 

OPEN THIS SUN MAT 29TH 
ROM: I: P.M. to I: PJA. 

ROAD RUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 
493o RIGSBY 
648-oo6o 

ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
S A L E S 
HI-LO & 
STARCRAFT 
TRAVEL TRAILERS 
493o RIGSBY 648-oo6o 

IasiET mwniI winnTeI 

Cruise control, water 
& holding gouge, battery gauge, chrome wheel cov­ ers, wrap around curtains, trailer hitch, A M FM stereo with 8 track tape, spare tire and spare tire cover, auto motive air, generator prep kit. 

$ 14,35o 
Stock 
No. 1o25. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

 ii 

I 

 s 

I 

 i 
J 

 g r n i 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

L 

2o' MINNIE WINNIE 

 bath, galley pkg., two 3o lb lefties LP gas, water & holding gouge, battery gauge, wrap around cur lain, spare hie, spare tire cover, generator prep kit, 
I OOO BTU roof air, auto­ motive air, A M radio. 

$ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
12,624 j 
Stock 
No. 1o28 
I 
I 
J 

Burke Motor Home Center Inc 
86oo Broadw ay— block North Loop 41o 
512-828-91 34 

SUMMER 
CLEARANCE SALE! 
O N 
Brougham 
& 
Country 
Squire Mini Motor Homes and 
Wilderness 
Travel 
Trailers. 

A N IEX TRAVEL 
CENTER 
38o2 N.W . LOOP 41o 
734-5131 

* Stocking 
2 o o 
C am per c o v e r s an d a large id e e 
* lion of cab overs a n d 
* . p o p fo p s 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

5Th W h ee l-U se d 29' with A ir 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o) S.W M ilita ry 974 5514 
T R A D E L W B C a m p e r s h e ll, paneled and h a s lights, for SW B . 
923 13o2 

7 6 T r a v e lm a t e T r a v e l T r a ile r , 
13', uaed 6 m o s can be tow ed b v co m p ac t car, air, e x tra s, 51895. 
D r M u rre y , 691-1919. 
22' T ra v e l trailer, fully self-cont, a ir M u st sell 532 8691______________ 

1973 T w ilig h t B u n g a lo w 24 ft 
T ra v e l T ra ile r. A ir, clean, e x c e l­ lent condition. 494-7137 

8 U se d C A B O V E R C A M P E R 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 $ W M ilita ry 974 5514 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO'S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 
A Over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SALES FOR: 

HOLIDAY RAMBLER, PROWLER. PEAY 

MOR, 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY 

DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
MINI-HOMES 
96ooIH35N. 653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson s 
9 ‘til dark, Mon.-Fri. 
9-6 Sal. 1-5 Sundays 

R A H M B E R G 
R.V. CENTER 

Exclusive Champion Oeoier 

Featuring 

Champion— Titan— Flagship 

Tully and Bantam 

2271 Austin Hwy. 

655-o251 / 655-o252 

V A C A T I O N 
B A R G A I N ' 
IS 
T ra v e l T ra ile r, sle e p s 5, stove, 
' ice b o x a n d p o rt o D otty 
G o o d 
: cond 342 o773 Ofter 5:3o wkdOVS, 
I oil day w k e n d s_____________________ 

! W e B U Y A L L T y p e s of T r a v e l 
! T raile rs C o ll 
M E L 924 5514 
W tlliom scrcifi S' c a h o v e r c a m p e r with tacks 599S-661 2544 

MOTOS HOWES 

 sale-rent 

 a c m e 
USED ItV ’S 
GALO RE!!! 
15 USED T ravel Trailers 
* 1 2 o o to * 7 OOO 
3 USED TENT C A M P E R S 
4 U SED TRUCK C A M P E R S 
I V A N C O N V E R S IO N {USED) 
A ll n ow in stock at: 
T R A VELT O W N 
T W AS, INC. 
96oo IH 35 N. 
653-6711 
A n n i from Howard isAetan t 
9 til d a rk M o n . thru EH. 
9 -6 Sa l. 1-5 S U N D A Y 

MISSION 
TRAVEL CENTER 
Exclusive Dealer for 
• M obile Traveler 
• Tioga • Dream er 
• Cobra • Southwind 
• Am erican Clipper 
• M ini-Hom es 
Largest Selection 
Sa ve Dollars 
O p e n Until ti P M . 
M on. Thru Thurs. 
I 3 o 6 Austin Hwy. 
8 2 4 3 2 4 8 

 r 
Itasca Has I ripled The 
Average Motor Home Protection 

WANTED 
C o b r a o r S h e lb y M u s t a n g , o r 
S u n b e a m T ig e r, a n y c o n d itio n , p riva te p arty colt 
494-1921, 
432 3o42 

WANTED 
F o rd 427 ond 428 h i-p ertorm a nce p o rts or m otor 494-1971 , 432-3o47 
W A N T E D R E W A R D 
W e b u y old cars, ru n n in g o r not. 
534 oo16__________________ _________ 
W A N T E D 
U tility b ed to fit '69 
C H E V Y 4-s ton p ic k u p , C a n y o n 
L a k e (1)935-2117 

756 HIITC. HHAHCHI6 LIMNS 

F IN A N C IN G U S E D C A R S 
It you a re selling c a rs on w e ekly p aym en ts, we will fin ance e v e ry d e a l-N o c re d it re a u ir e m e n ts -N o 
JjeiecT^^C aM jroil^reeSO O ^^TITH ? 

758 - AIRCRAFT services, supplies_ _ _ _ _ _ 

CESSNA 
P IL O T CEN TER 

PRIVATE 
COMMERCIA! 
IN 
STRUM!NT 
MULTI ENGINE 
FEIGHT 
INSTRUCTOR. 
HIGHT 
INSTRUCTOR 
INSTRUMENT 8 MULTI 

V A 
A PPRO VED 

For Q u a lifie d Vets 
M E T R IC A IR 
STINSO N M U NICIPAL 
AIRPORT 
9 2 4 - 7 3 7 5 

TRAVELER'S WORLD 

2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 

A V IO N 
Travel Trailers - Motor Homes 

Trade-in Bargains 

77 BONANZA 2o 
77 BONANZA 24 
72 TERRY 26. 
76 AVION Mini . . 
66 VOIUNTEER 16 

S4 9So 

5578o 

555oo 

51 SOO 

T R A V E L W IT H S E C U R IT Y 
The 1977 Itasca 
Owner Protection Plan' covers you for no less than three years or 
36,ooo miles. And not just on a few isolated parts, either. You're covered on the inside, the outside and the underside- anything operational, except normal replacement items like spark plugs and oil filters. 

S T A N D A R D F E A T U R E S O N T H E F U L L 
S IZ E IT A S C A M O T O R H O M E S IN C L U D E 
T H E F O L L O W IN G : 

• T h e rm o S te e l c o n s tr u c t io n # 8 c u b ic fo o t ga s/e le ctric refrigerator Bk 4 burner range with oven • 6 gallon quick recovery m otor aid water heater 9 Dual holding tanks • O utside storage • 
3 speed T u rbo-Hydrornatic transm ission • Pow * steering €> Pow er brakes with power front disc 

3 f M « 9 9 « W » l i n f l S ] P Q 3 
COOL D O W N WITH 

With These Specials l l , OOO BTU installed 
$388 * 
•Wiring or bracing extro 
M I S S I O N 
TRAVEL CENTER 
13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 
824-3248 

F or A s Low A s 
*14,997* 

 lf you keep your 1977 Itasca serviced regu­ larly, you're assured that for three years or 
36.ooo miles, no repair job resulting from a mechanical malfunction will ever cost you more than $25.oo. And for the first year or 
12.ooo miles — Itasca's Limited Warranty period it won t even cost you a penny. Ask us about full details on the "Owner Protec­ tion Plan.” 

Y O U C A N F IN D T H E F O L L O W IN G 
S T A N D A R D F E A T U R E S O N A L L IT A S C A 
M IN I M O T O R H O M E S : 

• T h e rm o S te e l c o n s tr u c t io n • 6 c u b ic fo o t ga s/e le ctric refrigerator • 4 burner range w ith oven • 6 gallon quick recovery water heater • 
Double stainless steel sink • M arine Toilet • Dual holding tanks 9 3 speed Turbo Hydrornatic trans­ m issio n # Pow er steering • Pow er brakes with pow er front disc • Safety g la ss w indshield and w indow s. 

F o r A s L o w A s 
*12,197* 

TINDALL and SON 
W 
PONTI,AC-GMC, INC. 
W 

 rn 
HEIMER 
« 
CAMPER SALES 
SAN ANTONIO S EXCLUSIVE 
C O A C H M E N 
DEALER 
• TENT TRAILERS 
• TRAVEL TRAILERS 
• TRUCK CAMPERS 
• M IN I MOTO R HOMES 
• 5TH WHEEL TRAILERS 
3329 S.W. M ilitary 
Just W est of Som erst Rd. 
. Mon, f a 9 to 8 P M Sat 9 6 

CLOSE OUT SALE 

Venture 
Tent 
Cam pers — 
O n ly Six Left 

$15o.oo Over Dealer Cost 

Don't Wait 
RAHMBERG RV 
CENTER 

2271 Austin Hwy. 655-o251 

Ss 

TINDALL and SON 
PONTI,AC-GMC, 
Authorised Dealer tor... 
• EXECUTIVE • 
• IT A S C A • 
• EXPLORER • 
MOTOR H O M tS 
Plus a full line of used R.V vehicles 
46oo 5AN PEDRO 
736-1561 or 736-1668 
Saturdays! 

A N I fcX T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N W Loo p 41o 
______________ 734-5131_______________ 

BARBOR 
M O T O R H O M E S 
E x c lu siv e F ra n c h ise d D e a le r for: 
X P L O R E R . T R A V E L Q U E E N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
342o SO 
P A D R E IS L A N D D R 51 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I. T x 
78415 

•In clu de s Destination C h a rg e s & Dealer Prep. 

It ’s Y o u r C h o ic e Itasca offers you a full line of motor homes, from 22 to 27 feet in length with 8 different models. 
You'll enjoy traveling in a new Itasca motor home and remember, Itasca's "Owner Protection 
Plan" travels along with you. 

AND N O W A SPECIAL FACTORY REBATE On Our C24C Mini Between 
N O W & June 3o, 1977. Check With Dealer For Details. > 

H O C O f THC 3 Y E A R / 3 6 OOD-MIL6 
C W M G R PROTECTION PIAN. 
SCtasca 
DIVISION Of W INNEBAGO INDU STRIES IN 
- 
...’... 
TINDALL and SON MOTOR HOMES 
46oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1561 OR 736.1568 ON SATURDAY 

1975 A p a c h e E a g l e 4oo, n e v e r used. $1195 1o23 F a b u lo u s 

A L A M O F L Y E R S . IN C . 
" Y O U R P I P E R D E A L E R - 
8411 M IS S IO N R D 
922-1228 

1975 A p ache R e m a d e , solid state cam per, sle ep s 8, excellent con d i­ tion 52,595 732-55o9 

•73 A R R O W 15o H r s S M O H , cal 
F ro n k A d am s, 658-1968___________ 
'69 A Z T E C D. Low tim e e n gin e s call for low price 

A R IS T O C R A T T ra v e l T ra ile rs 
The choice of the q ua lity b u y e r 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y . 
655-o251 

M IS S IO N 
TRAVEL CENTER 
TRAVEL TRAILER BARGAINS 
'76— 2o Mobile 
Traveler with air, was 55595, 
Now.................... 54695 

75— 25' Vaquero, air loaded.................. 54995 
75— 23' Giles, air, roll out awning................. 54495 
13o6 AUSTIN H W Y. 
824-3248 

'76 B o n a n z a M o t o r H o m e . 2o’, 
Load ed , low mi. B y ow ner. W ill accept trade or best otter. 
434-5778 

B u rk e M o to r H o m e Center 
86oo B R O A D W A Y 
828-9134 

1975 C o a c h m a n 25' P re sid e n t m o ­ tor home. Sell-contained, sle ep s 6 in beds, 4 in d ro p -d o w n h u n k s . 
Coll: new B ra u n fe ls, 1-899-2586. 
'73 D od ge E sc a p a d e 25'. Slee ps 8 
27,ooo m ile s. A u to - p o w e r , a ir . 
O n a n 51o,5oo 333-1773 

27' D o d ge T ra v c o , 
*9,25o. 349-1855 

C a m p e r (P o p up m o de l) sleeps 4, 
A L A M O F L Y E R S , P ip e r 922 1228' excellent condition 494 6484 
75 A Z T E C E, low time. K in g IP R 
C a m p e r sh e ll 
D e sc o , L B , P U , 
A L A M O F L Y E R S , P ip e r 922 1228 lites, wood paneled *235 344 5o17 
'68 C A R D IN A L 
C a m p e r trailer, -77 Silv e rstre a k , 
M r John H eck 659 )968 
32ft., A M - F M stereo, tape seek, 
6o C E S S N A . 172 C le an e st 172 in 
* « • 1‘i ” 
"?!/ town m u st see 
P lu s b o n u s of 
73 G M C % ton 
A L A M O F L Y E R S P iD er 922-1228 u ,cKup. dual tanks, c a m p e r shell, 
A L A IM O u - T t m , Piper, "2/ 1248, A M F M s t e r eo ta p e p la y e r , 69 

M H M A T C A T ra ile r Self cont. 15 ti. *145o G ood 
61 C ad illac 4 dr 
532-8237_____________________________ 
1963 M o b ile Scout T ra v e l T railer. 
17 ft , set! c o n ta in e d 
R o o f a ir. 
*16oo ca .h 344 4859________________ 

O v e r h e a d C a m p e r w ith la c k s , sleeps 5, sem i-sett contained, good condition *7oo 674 882o 

74 C H E R O K E E A R C H E R ISO 
________ C A L L 512-822 3o91_________ 
‘73 C H E R O K E E A R R O W , 525,25o 
F r a n k A d am s, 659-1968 
'66 C H E R O K E E , 18o call F r a n k 
A d a m s 659-1968 
‘75 
C H E R O K E E 
14o 
K in g rad io-tran sp o nd er 
A L A M O F L Y E R S , Piper, 922-1228 
75 C H E R O K E E 14o, P ip e r. A ir, 
N A R C O R a d io 
A L A M O F L Y E R S , P ip e r, 922-1228 
‘71 C H E R O K E E 14o w ith le o se back, F r o n k A d am s, 659-1968 

C O N F ID E N C E A E R O B A T IC 
C O U R S E : D e s ig n e d to g iv e a p e rso n a lize d p ro g ra m of u n u su a l a tt it u d e r e c o v e r ie s , sp in , t o il­ et ra p g e r te c h n iq u e , a n d b a s ic aero ba tic instruction in new a t e ­ brin. * 25-hour dual. B ro c h u re on req u est 658-5187, 658-1261_________ 
'67 P A 28-14o, 4-seats. dual N A C - 
V O M S 3 Im b , A T 5o X P D R , 
E G T - E L T wheel pants, new tires, o r ig in a l e x te rio r, in t e rio r v e r y nice. no d a m a g e h isto ry , f re s h a n n u a l 
*7 4 5 o 
6 2 6-21 6) d a y s ; 
(1)769-3762 e v e s___________________ 
P I P E R S U P E R C R U I S E R 
C oll Joh n Heck, 659-)9o8 
47 S U P E R C R U IS E R , call Joh n 
Heck, 658-1968______________________ 
T w o re h u ild o b le J3 cu b s, c o m p le te p a p e r s , 1 *22oo, I - * I SOO, 
341-9469 will deliver. 

 chan. S S B -C B , new tra n sm issio n , like new engine. *18,95o. C on sid er se llin g tra ile r se p e ro te iy . T ro y 
W iley 567-2313, 824-7573 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
217) A u stin Hw y. 
$169 
653-o885 

C L O S E O U T S A L E 1976 
C a m p in g -T ra v e i T r a ile r s *396 up 
K C T ra ile rs 7)o W e st A v e 735 3931 
1972 C O L E M A N P o p Top T raile r 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W M ilit a ry 924-55)4 
73 C u s t o m In t e r io r , se lf c o n tam e d , tent c a m p e r , sle e p s 6, 
*115o 696-8531 

‘76 P ro w le r T ra v e l T raile r, m odel 
27.5 V, with A C, like new *6ooo 
5 1 2 -9 9 7 -3 1 2 6 
8 a m - 5 p m o r 
512-997-42o5 ofter 6pm_____________ 

RENT TRAILERS 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L B S 
IH IO, 3 M i. north of B oe rne 

G M C M o to r H o m e F o r Rent 
349 o772, 349-431); 734-9389 

76 G M C P a lm B e a c h M o t o r 
H om e 26 ft., 16,ooo mi. Duo! air, s le e p s 6. e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n . 
822 o3oo, after 5 p.m.: 492-1387 
L IK E N E W 26 O V E R L A N D 76’ J 
M o to r 
Hom e. 
7,ooo actual mi. loaded 
* 
2634 S.W M ilita ry, 922-79o5 eves 
L u x u ry M o to r H o m e s R e n t Low 
R a te s 658 7661, 656-7119___________ 

I T 1974 M m i-M o to rh o m e 
25,ooo m i E xce llen t condition. *8,5oo or best otter 69o-9521. 

8o4 - BOUTO, MOTORS 
3o4 BOATS.MOTORS 

S 
F 
5 

3o4 BOUTS. MOTORS 
IDI IP— IIM IIH B III ll ll 
MI I 
8o4 BOUTS,MOTORS 

MOTOR HOME FSR RENE 
V o g u e 32 ' V illa G r a n d e F u l ly equipped, sle ep s 8, p riv a te party rents by W eek 494 64o7 

M O T O R H O M E R E N T A L S : F u lly self contained 
R a te s by d ay or w eek-653-6)o8 

1976 D od ge 318 M o b ile T ra v e le r 
S e lf-c o n ta in e d . S le e p s 6. 5,ooo m iles *9ooo 656 6422 _____________ 
. IO Ft. C a b -o v e c a m p e r, m a n y e x tr a s, v e r y c le a n , m u s t se ll 
M o k e otter. 497-3587, 1-438-2313. 
H A R P E R M O T O R CO 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S ond S E R V I C E for 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W I L I G H T 
B U N G A L O W T ra v e l T ra ile rs and 
5Th W heels 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924-5514 
H rs: M o n - F n 9-6. Su n 1:3o6 

Insurance 

O P E N S U N D A Y ^ 5 P M 
M ° ,or H o 'n e ' * 'e e p s 4, *14o. wk 
P f c N S U N D A Y 12-5 P .M . 
,oc m , 6 ss.2JiJ 
R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
' 
------------------- 
T R A I L E R S A L E S 
493o R I G S B Y _____________ 648-oo6o 
'72 R o y a l H igh la n d e r 25ft fully self c o n t a in e d , p e r f e c t c o n d a ir , sleeps 6. stabil'zer-hitch, *3495 or best otter 596-1926_________________ 

Sh asta c o m p trailer, 13' t \ e xce l­ lent cond. A ir, port-o-potty. *145o. 
341-4oo2 e s ple ase 
S P A R T A N E T T E T to v e l T ra ile r, 
3o'. 1951 m odel *23oo 435 3483 

SALE 

8o1 C4MPEB8 TMIUBS 

BIR CONDITIONERS 
11,ooo B T U 
...........................*38o 
13 SOO B R T U 
........................*4oo 
T R A V E L T O W N T E X A S , 653-6711 
197n A irF lo w T ra v e l T ra ile r 8x31, 
F u r n is h e d , P a r t ia ll y se lf-c o n - fam ed 426-3564. H ondo 

In su ra n ce Co sa y s they won t in­ s u r e th is m a n y t r a i le r s 
M u s t reduce inve nto ry a y *3o,ooo N ow 
’ is your chu nce to sa v e B IG * * * s 

HASPER MOTOR CO 
21o1 S.W. M ilita ry 924 5514 
W e ekda ys 9:-7:, S u n 
1:3o-6 

; '71 In tre p id 
23 se lf c o n ta in e d . 
Air, tub, *335o. 648-3134 ____________I 

L ik e new L o c ka b le (Tam per Shell fo r sm a ll p icku p . *225. W ith op tio n a l b u ilt-in b u n k b e d s, *25o. 
B o b F l a n i k e n: 69 o-77 47 d a y s ; 
492-1687 eves 

 s p e c i a l 
5 New '76 S T A R C R A F T C a m p e rs i l- G A L A X IE V I 
................ *25oo. 
2 S T A R D U S T V IM S ........ *23oo 
1 -S T A R D U S T Sw in ge r 
. .. * 2 3 o o 
I S T A R L IT E V II 
............. *17oo 
M Y E R S A U T O - T R A IL E R S A L E S 
! 114 E K IN G S B U R Y 
(1)379-2112 
_________S E G U IN , T E X A S _________ 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A I L E R S A L E S 
1)4 K in g sb u r y 
S E G U IN , T X 
‘76 T a u ru s trave l fra ile r 24‘, fully self-cont, pert.,532-869). 

O p e n r o a d m o to r h o m e , fu lly equipped 655-4183 oft. 7 pm 

R e c r e a t io n a l V e h i c l e s 
F O R R E N T 
V a n s 
M in i M o to r H o m e s 
R E S E R V E Y O U R S T O D A Y 
C ontact Bill at 
Resco Leasing 
55o5 San Pedro 
_ 
____ 732-2288 
See To A p p r e c a t e , '72 I S ’ W in ­ n eb ago B ra ve , M o to r H o m e F u lly co n ta in e d 
L e s s th a n 24,ooo mi. excellent cond. I 249-3234. 
‘76 
Toyota 
732-7o94 
C hin ook 
7,ooo mi, 

T e rry T ro v e l T raile r, 19 'rFf., tut- ly self contained. *35oo, 623-1381 
'7 6 T e r r y T r a v e ! T r a i le r , 5th wheel 3o' *6ooo 223-2891 between 
8 am - 9pm _________________________ 

 t X P P I 55 A N D N I W S 

'66 v w C am p e r, new m otor, needs point 828 7212______________________ 

W ant To B u y M o to r H o m e 
A n y 
M a k e 
A n y 
M o d e l 
658-7661, 
656-7)19_____________________________ 

'75 J E E P , CJS. V8, roll b ors, re a r seal, ra d io 
E x c e lle n t condition. 
W e ekdays, after 6. 654-o53o._______ 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS 

RARE! GET 
PROOF 
RIDES! 
A 19/7 COBIA 71ft Vantage 21ft offshore CABIN cruiser pulling skiers over 
5omph w/77 
EVINRUDE 
?oohp. 
Great family/employee/ client charge-off combo-rig. Where else but So rb e ts for a PROVEN brand at S928o, or 21 cabin 115hp 
S83V5 only 4omah. Yes NEW w/HD 
GALV trailer, safety pkg, ski, tackle 
{TC. 
B Ride COBIA 22ft 2oohp, COBIA 16 
EVINRUDE )4ohp, G U S S MASTER 
8assmate 
16' 7ohp etc on big 
ROUGH waters, NOT millponds. Buy demos w/hour METERS; VVI do not sell as new rigs. 
C: Inboards, outs, plain, plush, semi. 
Sold (3) 22ft s in (I) day, see before delivery. 
o: On most rigs LIMITED: M A X dis count plus 11 Shp at S of 85hp NOW. 
E: Meet ot beat EVINRUDE deals. 
F: RICHLINE alum 15' delux flat S239. 
Used S69S SS95o; BANK rates. 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th PARK FREE 
5o marine yeors in S A. 227-2112 
9 6 p.m. Thurs. Nile 9 p m. Closed Sal. 

12' A L C O R T M I N I - F I S H . T o p c o n d it io n 
U s e d tw ice . A s k in g 
*4oo 349 I t l l ext 256 before 5 pm . 
A tter 5, 1-625-o514, a sk for M r. 
M a u re r. 

1972 A q u o S p o rt, I * Va ’ 125 H P 
E v in ru d e M o to r with a p ow e r lift, g a lv a n i z e d t r a ile r , u s e d 132 h ours, $55oo. M o n d a v -F rid o y , 8-5 am, coll 824-2358. 
A fter S pm , 
344-4887_____________________ _ 

 i X PDT 55 A N D N t W S 

B ra n d new 1977 left, V IP boat, 7o hp J o h n so n , g a lv . steel tra ile r, c ove r ond doily wheel Fu ll w a r­ r a n t y on b o a t a n d m o to r. C a ll 
653-5283, 497 3566__________________ 

2 5 ' c a b in c r u i s e r , M y b r id g e , troller, $87oo. 653-3883_____________ 
; 1976 C h e c k m a t e , h ig h p e r f o r - ; m ance b a s s boat. 16ft 4 in., ISOhp 
M e r c u ry with pow er trim , custom d rive on trailer, all extras, *5ooo. 
M ik e R o ss, 34 M 35 6.________________ ■ 

'71 C h r y s i d w a lk - t h r u w i n d ­ shield, tri-hull, tilt troller, m a n v e x tra s M in t cond. *1695. 532-4564 or I 947-3386________________________ 
17' C O N S O L E F IS H E R M A N , 
222-o6o6. E v e s 696-5y22 
C U S T O M S K I B O A T 
: 18' C ob ra B e rk e le y Jel, 455 O ld s 
4oo H P , T a n d e m traller-tow able, c o v e r w it h a ll a c c e s s o r i e s m ciuoed 565oo. 735-o45o.__________ 
14' Do lp h in Sa il B oa t with frailer. 
I Com pletely equipped. M in t con d i­ tion. S a il th is b o a t t o m o r r o w ! 
*65o. 349-1111 ext 2S6 b e fo re 5. 
Atter 5 pm , 1-625-o514. A s k fur M r. 
I M a u re r. 

B r a g - s k i b o a t, 421 C l., b lu c k white c h ro m e m otor. R o lle d and p le a te d in t e r L o r 
E x t r a r a c in g p o rts T ra ile r *45oo 1-379-5864 
75 E B B T I D E B a s s 'B o a t. E v in - rude 85 H P O u tb o a rd pow er trim o n d tilt, 
M a g n u m 
D r i v e - o n 
Traile r, M a n y e xtra s. Re to il o ver 
*7,oo o S a le *4 ,o o o 9a .m .-5 p .m . 
225-741 1 E X T 126, atter 5 p m 
922-5118_____________________________ 

1$' F i b e r g la s s , 4 S h p e n g in e , 8 trac k tape, la d d e r, cushion , too, anchor, etc. *95o. 1 336-2342. 

Pl A c t Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN THI EXPRESS N EW S 
C A U 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

CRUISER SALE 

L e t ’s G o T o T h e C o a s t ! ! ! 
Choose From Any of These All New Models 
★ SPECIAL PRICES it 
N o w R e g a l 21 ft. D e lu x e cabin, 175 O M C , 
Troller. Reuducerf to 
Cruise 21 ft. Skip per. 1 4o Evinrude, N a ile r . . , 
Cruise 21 ft. B o w ld e r , 
1 4o O M C , t r a ile r .... 
C ruise 21 ft. Full Cabin, 
175 O M C , tra ile r..... 
Cruise I 9 ft. Full Cabin. 
IO O Evinrude, tra ile r. . 
Cruise 19 ft. C u d d y C abin, 1 2o O M C , traile r . . 

* 9 2 o o 
B A O SO 
* 6 7 * o 
$ 7 7 7 o 
* 4 7 * o 
* * 9 2 o 
★ ALL RIGS FULLY EQUIPPED it 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M cQ ueeney, 557-6622 
Open Sat.-Sun. until 6 p.m. 
M 

 e m t 
. m i n i 
. m n i 
/ l 

15' F ib e r g la s s D eep V Boat, with can op y 35 H P , E lec. sta rt m oto r 
S t e e r in g c o n s o le . C u s t o m tilt trailer. V e ry C le an $595 firm , 158 
A lgerita, 341-8396__________________ 
Fin e Selection used Sa ilbo a ts 
N E W Sa ilbo a t Shop, A u stin 
6o4 H igh la n d M a ll Blvd. 454-7171 
F O R C E D T O S E L L 14' G la s s - m a g ic ski boat. N ice for the price. 
684-1757____________________________ 

18ft. D o r a C ra ft, c o o st a n d sk i b o a t. T r ih u ll , tilt t r a ile r , 125 
Johnson, *2975. C all Ton!, 828-6824 or 349 1 251. 

‘74 2oft. S e a ra y, D e ep V, F o rd 3o2 l-O, c u sto m d riv e o n tra ile r, a p ­ prox. 125 hrs. *635o or best offer. 
494-6758. 
18ft. S i d e w i n d e r J e t, C h e v y pow ered, trailer, *3895. C all after 
6pm 674-45o6 

17ft. T h u n d e rb ird , b ig w heel g a l­ v a n iz e d t r a ile r , 14o C h e v r o le t 
M e re c ru ise r, clean. 436-o164 
17ft. V e n t u r e S a ilb o a t, t r a ile r , sle e p s 4, *22oo. D a y s 661-8271; 
E v e s. 344-5o5o. 

14 Ft. F ib e r G la ss B a s s B oal-T ilt 
T ra ile r 
18 H P . E v in ru d e . *8oo 
TA6-oHo8 

ISH W ood boat, m otor a nd trailer. 
R u n s good *4oo 333-31o5. 
G la ss tro n B oo t 15' :F1., T ri-H u ll, w a lk -th ru w in d sh ie ld 6 5 H P J o h n ­ son. D illy d riv e on T ip p e r T raile r. 
Lo ts of E x t r a s ! *1895 See to A p ­ preciate. C an be seen at 131 E d g e 
A v e aft 6pm W k d y s or A n ytim e 
Sa t Sun. 

1976 15 ft. H i g g s C ro ft , S o H P 
E v in r u d e , w a lk t h r o u g h , H D trailer, c a n v a s cover, and extras. 
*29oo *84-o*87. 

12ft 
K in g f is h e r f ib e r g la s boat, 
7 5 G la stron , 22ft, B a l H a rb o r 225, lO hp E v in r u d e m otor, liv e b ait 
V o lv o , c a b in , h e a d , h y d r o l ic well, u p h o lste re d sw iv e l seat, 6 , levelers, cover, m a n y e xtras. C all gal g a s tank, h o se s and ga u g e s, 1 ofter 5. 735-oo35. oars, life p r e s e r v e rs 2 new high 

724 C rocke tt S t , P leasanton. 
•7$ 17ft. R a n g e r b a s s boat, ‘74 
1 S o H P M e r c u r y m o to r , w e ll equipped 
‘74 W ish b on e traile r 
656-5142____________________________ 
IS Ft. Runabout, wood, 5 hp. with trailer, S3/5. 828-oo43.______________ 

 fX P R fS S A N D N I W 5 

 b rak e s. S549S. C all 492-2619 

'76 H ig g sc ra ft 17ft. B a s s o r B a y b oat w ith E v in r u d e 135, g a lv a n ­ ized trailer, w alk thru w in d shield troll m o to r, depth fin d er, m u c h m ore, like new *55oo. 824-494o 

Hallie Cat Sailboats 
I 
D I S P L A Y at S T O N E M A R I N E 
724o B o n d e ra R o o d 
I O * o1*!"- Jew ett Se rvic e s. 342-8778 
H o b ie 14, v e r y g o o d c o n d itio n , sto res inside 828 72)2_____________ 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
L a k e M cQ u e e n e y, 5)2-557 6422 
Open E v e r y d a y except M o n d a y 

International 5.2 Class 
N a c o r $.2 C a ta m a ra n 
In tro d u cto ry O tter 826 3393 

K N O D E L M A R I N E 
L a k e M c Q u e e n e y S A P h 458-91'4 open Tu es Sot 9-6, Su n 1-5 
7 3 K O U N T R Y A I R E 35Ft fifth wheel, 2 bedroom , *85oo firm 
____________C oll 658 74o5____________ 
1 4 'a ’ L o n e S to r, «ohp J o h n so n , traile r 
*4oo 
684-7o53 ofter 5:3o pm __________________________________ 

M m n Koto, 55$ trolling m otor, foot controled, *85 923-2945_____________ 
73 m od G la stro n V-174 ilO h p In-1 board-O ufb oard , g a lv trailer, I 
*3495. 
T E X - A L L B o a t , 2 2 2 -9 6 2 8 
197) M o n a r c h 14ft. a lu m . 
E v in ru d e , tilt trlr. 654-8o9o. 
I8 h p 

O u a c h ita 1971 1 4 ft , 35 hp E v in rude, Sk ip p e r B trlr. 654-8o9o. 

• RANDOL • 
MARINE 

We Buy & Sell 
U s e d B o a t s , m o t o r s , t r a i l e r s 
12o7 W. HILDEBRAND 

732-8233 

READ THIS! 
T re m e n d o u s Re d u ction on 
N E W J E T B O A T S 
L o w e s t E v e r P r i c e s ! 
T a y lo r 18ft L o w p ro file , y e llo w o n d green, 
455 
Olde, custom traile r ................................. *659o 
T a y lo r 18ft. with w in dshield , n u t­ m e g m e t a lf ia k e a n d ta n , 464 
C he vy, custom trailer ........ S6729 
T a y lo r 18ft. S u p e r H ig h S id e r , m a ro o n and dove, 46o Fo rd , c u s­ tom traile r 
........................*6813 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
L a k e M cQ u e e n e y, 557-6622 
Open Sat, and Sun. til 6pm 

EARLY S U M M E R j; SALE !! 

FREE USED AIR CONDITIONERS 

WITH 
PURCHASE 
Of 
AMY 

M O SH E HOME. 

1 2 W 
CELEBRITY / Bedrooms, I bath. Beautiful front kitchen. Fully furnished. Central heat. 
!! FREE A IR !! 

REGULAR PRICE: $765o 

SALE PRICE: $ 6 4 9 5 

1 4 X 7 o ’ MANATEE DELUXE 3 
Bedrooms, 
IV« baths. 
Fully furnished. Spacious bedroom. Big kitchen with plenty cabinets Pad ded bar and Spanish style living mom. Central heat. Delivered and 
Set Up ii FREE A IR !! 

REGULAR PRICE: $93oo 

SALE PRICE: $ 8 2 9 5 
M 'x 7 o ’ TOWN A COUNTRY 3- 
Bedrooms. 2 Beths. Fully furnish­ ed with beautiful Spacious rooster bedroom. Fully carpeted Central heat. Delivered ana set up 
H FREE A IR I! 

REGULAR PRICE: $1o,9oo 

SALE PRICE: $ 9 8 5 o 

PS Out of (owners gas expenses and meals [said with purchase of mobile home" 
AMERICAN MOBILE 
& MODULAR HOMES 
273o SOUTHWEST MILITARY 
922-7191 
922-o441 
H O P E N 7 D A Y S W E E K ! ! 

READY TO GO 
15ft. M ag n o lia , 4ohp Scott, traile r 
.......................................... 5595 
74 N a t io n l 17ft. t r ih u ll, 9 o h o 
C h ry sle r, traile r ................. *275o 
N e w R e g a l I Stt . t r ih u ll, 6 5 h o 
M ere., traile r ...................... *299o 
N e w C h r y s l e r S p o r t F u r y 16’, 
Recon, IOO E vin., traile r 
.. *365o 
N e w C h r y s le r 16’ P r o b a s s r u n ­ ner, 65hp Jonhnson, traile r *3663 
16ft. D e ck B o a t(b o a t o n ly) .*1 oo o 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
L a k e M cQ u e e n e y, 557-6622 
O pen Sa), o nd Sun, til 6pm 

‘73 Reinell C ab in C ru ise r, 24', i-o. galley, head, sw im platform , trim 
't a b s , m a n y e x tr a s ! O n tra ile r, i *9675. 695-3355______________________ 
R O C K B O T T O M P R I C E S on In ­ v a d e rs a nd D e c k B o a ts, J o h n so n 
I a nd M e r c u r y s R A Y S M A R I N E , j C a n y o n L a k e . H w y . 2673 n e a r 
1 Startzvllle A N D H w y. 3o6 a c ro ss 
I from G oo tV s. 1-899-2)1o.___________ i Sailboat, 13', 2 person, 2 sails, life jackets, trailer, 658-7649___________ 
S A IL B O A T , 23, trailer, E v in ru d e , sails, m o n y e xtras. 1-643-7798 
71' S a n ta n a S A I L B O A T , m o to r, 
I trailer, m o n y e x tra s! 824-5135 

MISSION 
MOBILE HOMES 
Exclusive D ealer For: 
• C am eo • F leetw o od 
• H om ette • Schuit 
• S a n d p o in t 

See Us First 
Large Selection 
225o Austin Hwy. 
6 55-2894 
2922 S.W. M ilitary 
924 -44 24 
Open Sunday 

S E A R A Y Jet B oat. 2o ft. w a lk thru, tri-hull. N e w 455 O lds. Fu ll c o v e r, c u sto m d r iv e -o n t r a ile r. 
*5ooo 655-4653 

M U S T S E L L B Y J U N E IS T 
1 4 'x 7 o \ 3 b e d r o o m s , M a s o n it e sid in g --14’x7 o‘, 2 b e d ro o m s with liv in g r o o m a n d den. A ls o f ir e ­ place. 14 x52', 2 b e d roo m s P ric e s reduced. M a k e an offer. 658-2811 
O W N E R S E L L I N G beautiful 1976 
L a n c e r. 72x14, two b e d ro o m s. 2 b a th s. H o u se typ e c e n tr a l a ir, w a sh e r, d rye r, d ish w a sh e r, 41x9 patio cover, etc. Set up in adult section of nice Dark. R e ason able. 
924-4231 o r 333-4899________________ 
P A T R I O T 14x73, 2 b e d ro o m , 2 bath. W ood b u rn in g fireplace, op- plionces, d ishw ashe r. 658-2635 
•72 T O W N & C O U N T R Y M o b ile 
H om e 12x64, 227 7386; 648 1974 
U S E D - R E P O 'D M O B I L E H O M E S 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 
S.W 
M I L I T A R Y 
922-o54o 
W A N T T O B U Y : 12x5o M o b ile 
Hom e. *3ooo m a xim u m . 696-5239 
W E T A K E T R A D E IN S, W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B I L E H O M E S 
C A L L : M A X 
924-4225 

‘76 S e a ra y 25' with cabin, 351 F o rd engine, like new with only 15 hrs. 
828 9545, atter 6, 654-1146 
74 S e a rs 12 ti. fib e rg la ss fish in g b o o t w ith 7 ' j h.p. m o t o r o n d tra ile r. N e v e r used. *75o 658-4496 

16' S k i B oat, E v in r u d e IOO hp., electric lilt, D o n 's custom trailer. 
1963 A u stin H w y 

W ill take o ver p oym ents, a p p ro x ilOO.m o. 344-3)47, 69o-8526_____ 

‘68 T -B trd , w ith 69 M e r c u r y e n ­ gine. excellent cond. 
736-1882. 
492-1542 
Tem cratt, tri-bull, n ew u p h o lste r­ ing, carpet, built in g a s tank bilge p um p , 135 hp m e rc u ry , w ith tilt a n d t r im , n e w p a in t , d e c a ls . 
K in g fish e r Tlr. with b e a rin g b u d ­ dles, *269$ 673-o742 

17’ V -B o tto m boat, 7o hp M e re . 
G ood condition. *15oo. 333-o618 
1974 V IP b a s s boat, 4ohp Jo h n so n electric start, D illy trlr. E x tra s. 
654-8o9o 
W A N T E D : L a t e m o d e l 4 o H P 
Joh n so n or E v in ru d e m otor. Coll atter 5.3o P M 1-625-o522 

8o6-SPORTING GOODS 

GUN SALE 
P R E IN V E N T O R Y 
C L E A N C E S A L E 
1o-5o%. Al! m e rc h a n d ise on sale 
C L IN E G U N S H O P 
16oo R O O S E V E L T 532-5225 

O v e r 1ooo G u n s to C ho o se P ro m 
B U Y — S E L L — T R A D E 
A m e ric a n Loan, 227-8572 

W e P a y C osh for rifles, sh o tg u n s o nd pistols. 736-1796_______ 

1971 14x65 m obile hom e, 3 ton a ir cond., 2 b e d roo m . I bath, *6ooo cosh. 333-68)8 otter Spm 

812 - MoMg HomeSpaces 

I I ACRE NEAR SOMERSET 
I F o r m obile home, house, o r wee- 
: ke n d com p in g. L a r g e trees, g a r ­ d en soil, SSO dow n, S26-S34 mo. 
! Jim L ee r 684-3o44._________________ 

A d u lt a n d F a m ily se c tio n , c lu b 
: h ou se with sw im m in g pool. P a v e d 
I stre e ts, u n d e r g r o u n d u tilitie s, j la r g e lots, no p ets, b e st m a in - 
1 tainted p a rk in town, on S E. M ili- 
| tra y Dr, w est of IH37, a c r o ss from 
: B ro o k s Field, ind ian H ills M o b ile 
H o m e P o rk . 333-o83o______________ 

M o b ile hom e site. P ic k u p 4 b ack 
I p a y m e n ts of *32 e a c h a nd take 
'o v e r balance. H B G IN C . 494-3419 or 342-18o8._________________________ 
E v e r y other m onth F R E E for one 
: y e a r O n ly (2) lots on this Sp ecial 
B U C K IN G H A M 
V I L L A G E 
658-2811_____________________________ 
F O R R E N T 
2 M O B IL E H O M E S P A C E S 
S IZ E , E A C H 85 X 13o' 
A L L U T I L I T I E S *5o + B IL L S 
O N F R E D E R I C K S B U R G R D 
N E A R L O O P 41o 
M O R E IN F O R M A T IO N 432 2o57 
F IR S T M O N T H F R E E 
L A R G E S H A D E D L O T S 
G E M B L E R R D T R A I L E R P K 
IO U G E M B L E R R D 333 lo63 

14o A C R E S 
*139.5o per a c re 2o yr. fin a n c in g at 
7V«% sim ple interest. B y o w n er c a ll 734 7o69 
D E E R 
B L I N D S 
C A L L 627-9oo6 
F O R 
S A L E . 

H u n tin g a nd f is h in g lease, DOO a cre s, M e d in a Co. D e er, J a v a lin a , w ild h ogs, sm a ll ga m e. H u n tin g c a b in w ith e le c tric ity . L im it IO g u n s . Se at. I to F e b . I. *36oo. 
R e fe re n ces re q u ired. 333-6955. 
H U N T I N G 
A N D 
F I S H I N G 
L E A S E , 15oo a cres, L a v a c a Civ. 
C a m p h o u se w ith ele c, b lin d s . 
L im it IO gu ns. A u g u s t 1st. I yr. 
References. *4ooo. W rite P O B ox 
4332. Son Antonio, Tx. 78297 

M O B I L E H O M E P A R K L O T S 
*45 mo. P H A a p p ro v e d , J u d so n 
Ind. Schools. 658-oo22, 658-1326. 
N E , S h o a v A c r e s T r a i l e r P k . fenced, store room , trees, S37.5o. 
N e a r W in d so r Pk. M all. 826-8766 

281 NORTH 
A c r e a g e h o m e site w ith c e n tra l w ater sy ste m J u st 15 m in from 
41o. $3ooo. *1oo dow n - and *31 41 per m onth tor 144 m o nth s of 8% . 
J C. H O R T O N . B R O K E R 342-18o8, or 494 3419 
Northw est, 5oX1oo tots, $39 5o m o free m o ve to gualified renter,! 
684-2851. 

R E D D O G C H A R T E R S 
P o rt M a n sfie ld , 7858o 944-22o2, 
N ig h t F is h in g B a r g e Off S h o re ond D iv in g parties.________________ 

'4 7 S T A F F C o m m a n d C a r l-fon, 4-whee! dr. N e w inspection sticker, flat 6 engine. R u n s like a 

P le ose N o t h if d r e n 
P le a se N o O v e rn ig h te rs 
O n ly Q uiet C ontained P ets 
Se ven Sp aces R e m a in in g 
D u n R o vm , 7oo9 S. F io re s 
923 8877 or 344 $615 
1974 15Vjft. T r ih u ll f ib e r g la s s b o o t, 55 h p . C h r y s l e r e n g in e , 

 jew el/front tow b o r ? H IH ’c ou n try m otor Qnd e* ,ra s or So. Te xas, it will go a nyw h ere. 
— ....... 
*16oo. 826-5674 
W A N T E D : 
S o u t h w e s t b r u s h c o u n try h un tin g lease. Six gu ns. 
W rite to B u c k 
B o x 274o4, S a n 
Antonio, T e x a s 78227. 

9o1 • BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

81o - MOBIL! HOMES SALE 
BEATS 
RENT!!!! 
14 WIDES 
Starting q t ----- 
*599. 
D O W N PAYM ENTS 
*1oo. Mo. fH A FIN A N CIN G 
Includes: 
Delivery • Anchoring - 
Furniture - Appliance* 
> . * * Some VA FINANCING -7 with No dow n paym ent Required 
SOUTHWEST * 
HOUSING 
2634 S.W. MILITARY 
922-79o5 

FOR SALE 
Like New...5 Months Old 
ADDRESSOGRAPH 
MULTIGRAPH 125o 
Multi offset printing mochine with safeguard and quick- change features and blanket cleaner. 
Call Mr. Brooks at 
227-3454 
M onday Thru Friday 

B a k e O V E N , C o s h r e g is t e r , 
I 
F ry e r, R e frig e ra to r, ice m a k e r, ice c re a m m ach in e, b roile r, hot- dog m achine, used 733-1292 
IO' bar, padded a rm rest, toot rail, sta in le ss steel sink, fo rm ic a top and a cc ts. *3oo. used twice, call; j 224-4584 atter 6pm 822-7928. 

B eauty Shop E q u ip m e n t 
P e a rso n . 1-334 3463, 334-2777 

A m e rica n M o bile ft M o d u la r 
H O M E S IN S A N A N T O N IO , Inc 
922-7191 
922-o441 
'7 6 A R T C R A F T M o b ile H o m e , 
7ox14, a p p lia n c e s, p a tio c o v e r, 
*1o,ooo. B oe rne (1)249-8268 
A T T R A C T IV E 1973, 2 B e d ro o m s, 
12x6o. *15oo dow n and *85 mo., or 
*6795. 658-8487 atter 6. 

P I A O T O U B W A N T A D 
IN TMI E X P R E S S N E W S 
CALL 225-1666 

B e r y l's M o bile H om e Center 
N E W and U SED-651-6961 
16513 IH-35 N O R T H (S e lm a E x it) 

197o B ro a d m o r e , 6ox24, d ou b le w id e, u n fu rn ish e d , *12,5oo yo u m ove. 1-42o-2881, 658-5462. 

CASH 
F O R U S E D M O B I L E H O M E S 
655-o471_____________ 
651-6356 

'73 G reenw ood, *75oo, N ice Lot, 
623-1491. 

J & ll MOBILE KOMES 
N ew -U sed, 114oo IH 3SN. 655-o471 
Late M o d e l 14x73 M o b ile H om e, coll 494-6364 eves, w eekends. 

M e d in a Lake, 1ox5o M o b ile home, 
8x28 sc re e n e d p o rc h . *4,ooo o r best otter. 675-1684 

M issio n M o b ile H o m e s 
13o6 A u stin H w y 
824-3248 

D U O - F A S T a ir g u n s a n d c o m p r e s s o r , g o o d c o n d it io n , c a ll 
1-625-8844 atter 5. 

Floats, 4o' Sem i Traile r, re c o n d i­ tio n e d , n e w p o in t a n d f lo o r s , 
257-8533 o r 896-423o K e rrv ille , Tx. 
F o r A L L N E W and U S E D K itch en 
E q u ip m e n t and Supplies. See 
L e v in so n R e sta u ra n t Su p p ly Co. 
19oo San P e d ro 
733-o931 
M U S T S E L L : Office eauip, exec d esk, steel sto ra ge cabinet, elec fans, m isc office supplies, folding tob ie s, I B M d ic ta tin g a n d t r a n ­ sc rib in g m achs., check protector, the rrno fax ond c o p y in g m a ch s., t r a n s p a r e n c y c a r t r i d g e p r o j c o o ia to r, com b o . 342 W. W o o d ­ law n ut Son P e d ro 

15 N C R m odel 21o cosh re g iste rs 
N e w and used. R e d u ce d prices. 
227-7363 

O liv e tti E d it o r ’s ty p e w rite r. In g o o d c o n d 
*2 5 o . 3 4 1 -7 2 9 6 o r 
341-7297 between 8 and 5. 

S t e n o tv p e s h o r t h a n d m a c h in e w it h c a s e , n e w • n e v e r u se d . 
C o u rse b o o ks ond p ap e r included. 
*325 firm . 344 46o6. 

6-8-13 T o ta l N C R C a s h R e g is - ters. 534-349o o r 648-3358 

U s e d o ffic e f u r n itu r e . 7 d e s k s - 
.legal size typew riter, I B M d ic ta ­ p h o n e e q u ip m e n t . A u t o m a t ic a n sw e rin g m achine. A ll in e x ce l­ lent condition. P ric e d to sell. Coll 
J o c k M itchell, 532-31o7 or 494-6336 

!!B3 • H i m MATERIALS 

A L A M O E N T E R P R I S E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

B o a t sto ra ge . U se d I2 ‘x 3 2 ' p o rt ga rage . T e rm s Del. 924-5oo3 

•73 M o b ile H o m e 12 x5o , 2 b e ­ droom , furnished , good condition, 
*42oo o r best ofter. 655-o5o6. 
M o b ile house, in nice p ark , 3 be­ droom , I bath, kitchen and livin g ro om In front. F u rn . C e n tral air- heat. G o o d cond. L o t s af ro om , reasonable. 656-1o97. 

L X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

F a c to ry se con d s 1o x1o to 12’x2o'. 
Sp ecial b uys. T e rm s. F re e ael. 
653-8111 

LEPPARD LUMBER 
U s e d w in d o w s , 12 It. 3 2 " x 6 2 " , 
*7.5o. C e d a r V x l O " s id in g o r paneling, 39c. U se d sc re e n doors, 
*12.5o. 3)o3 W C o m m e rce _________ 
R lB L t I UUH w « r ? r H o 1 
1 "i 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A U 725- 1666 

^ 

’ GUARANTEED 
1oWIST Pf IC ES 

UNHID DISCOUNT lURNlTURE 
' 

, 4 1 o 1 W O S ! 3 4 T H 
' r < 

A M A R IL L O , T 8 X A S > o 6 / 3 5 3 - 1 3 o 3 

 n 2 LINES 
I IO DAYS 
Q UICK RESULTS! 

N O N -C O M M E R C IA L ! 

CA NCELLABLE W IT H O U T 

RATE C H A N G E 

San A n to nio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Sunday June 5 , 1 9 7 7 

L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
W e've get lots of it. lf you need a n y q u a n tity , b rin g y o u r lis t angring your money We guaran­ tee to save you money. 
DI T TM A R LUMBE R 
SOO Seguin Rd, 226 3141 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genome Strong Barn Cotrug Iron lengths to 2 o ................$24.95 sq 
Corrugated Fiberglass, full 4 OI. , 
8 
$4.39; IO . $5.49; 12 , $6.59 
Asbestos Siding ...........$21.95 sq 
First quality birch paneling. 
Vt in .................... $7.95 eo. 
4x8-3 8 COX plywood $5.79 ea> 
4x8-V;" COX plywood 
$6.98eo 
Oak whiskey Darrels 
$12.95 
Sorbed wire 
$15.95 spool 
Insulation 3 VV 
9V»4sq, ft, 
Insulation 6 
.164 sq ft 
THE M O N E Y SAVER 
I 
Master Chorge BonkLmericotd 
Where Cosh Buys ot Wholesale 

LUMBER BA R G AIN S 1 latex Woll Point .......... 
$3.5o 
2x4 No. 3 Select studs 
I9< I 
4x8 VT COX Plywood . 
$6.99 j 
4x8 W plywood 
$11.5o i 
24x36 aluminum windows$!2.45 
ALUMINUM PATIO DOCKS 
1 
6 foot................................ 
$19 
-C A S H A N D CARRY” | 

BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o7 I. Durango 
533-5115 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
WHILE H LASTS ONLY! 
1x6 12,14,16' rough pine 
14Vt 4 Lf. 
12'/r ga barbed wire, 
8o r a j 
$15.95 a r,H 
1 2 ft.g d v .g a ta ... $35.95 
14 ft. gafv. g a t# .. . $41.95 
1 6 ft. gafv. g a te .. . $44.95 
2x4 a rn u t n r 
794 each 
2x4 1o-16H. f ir . . . 114 ft. 
Sgmtrini grass trimmers. 
Modal JT 1o 3 .............$29.95 

Modal 5T2o3 .......... $49.95 
Modal ST3o3 .......... $69.95 
WITH ANY Of THESE MODUS 
YOU PURCHASE IOO FT. 
EXTENSION CORD FOR $4.95, 
AT A SAVINGS Of $1o.oo 
CASH I CARRY 

WHILE STOCK LASTS 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4 6 4 7 ROOSEVELT 
(5 1 2 ) 9 24 -8 5 56 

PLUMBING EQUIPMENT 

A INVENTORY 

‘‘CURLEY” WOOTEN 
PLUMBING 

& HEATING COMPANY 

1 o 8 N . PIERCE 
S A N A N G E L O , T E X A S 

JU N E 1 4 — TU ESD AY 
1 o :o o a .m . 

Davis Task Force Ditcher 
3 o o , 
M odel M 2 6 6 o o 1 , b ra w le r, w / 2 wheel trlr. 
Like N e w ! 
Ditch 
W itch 
Trencher, 
M odel 
C 9 9 
- 
Sm ith A ir Com p., 4 eye!., gas, trlr. m ounted - Lin- 
-oln Arc W eld er, M odel 
A C -2 2 5 -5 

1 9 7 6 
G M C Van,. V4 
T. 
1 9 7 4 Ford P l OO Pickup, 
Vi T. Yale Hoists - O ster 
Pipe 
Threader 
-Saws 
* 
D rills • A p p io x. 4 , 1 2 o ' 
C opper Pipe, V t" to 2 '/ i" 
1o3 
Coils 
Copper 
Tubing, V i' x lO O ’ ’ to V t" x I OO' - Black Sewer Pipe 
& 
Fittings 
- 
G alvanized 
W a te r 
Pipe 
Valves 
- 
Faucets 
-tra p s • Arms - 
Ballcocks -Toilets - Sinks • 
Lavatories 
-Am erican 
W a te r Heats, as & Elec­ tric, 
3 o to 5 2 gal. Kit- chenaid Dishwashers - O f­ fice Furnishings & Equip • 
M uch 
M ore ! 
TxG S-77- 
o 2 7 5 . 

W « g u a ra n te e lo w e r prices on n ew fu rn itu re tfton an y other re ta il fu rn itu re store a n y w h e re reg ard less o f amy kind of sole th ey m a y run. lf you can b e a t th e prices on any fu rn itu re y o u buy fro m us a t an y o th e r re ta il fu rn itu re store w e w ill r e ­ fund to y o u 
1 3 o % of tho differen ce 

I Flit*, confirmation requited 

2. Must be within 3o days af purchase — Your receipt is proof of purchase 
3. Must be alike and of same brond and or model no s. 

D a m a g e d 12‘ x4Q' d ou ble d o o r bldg. Term s Free del. 732-5171 
NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SAN ANTONIO 
COM ING SOON 

Another Fine 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
6 81 -3 o2 o 

Damaged *'xtO ' heavy dutv stor- oge bldg. Terms. Dei. 934-3oo3. 
ANTIQUE AUCTION 
Sunday June S, I JO PM 
G ory's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart. Tx. • Coll 398 37o1 
U C T IO N 
D am aged 1o'x3o’, used 13'x24' storage btdgs. 
Reduced, del. 
933-4346________________________ 
J 
Gary's Antique Auction House 
«r 
‘ 
\ 
17 Colorado, Hwy. 183, Lockhart 
\ pTy'j. nflPq 

Sunday - June 5 - I PM 
L 
4 o f t . C o n ta in e r o f Q u a lity A n t i q u e s V ^ f 
C o n s ig n e d to us b y B r is to l A n tiq u e s LTD. 
In s p e c tio n : IO A M s u n d a y u n t il S a le T im e . 

NW 
PARTIAL LISTING: 3 S rolltop desks (48 in. 4? in , lady s 37 in ) 
I large ook revolving bookcase Swivel ook desk chair large upright 
J L walnut calved bookcase with carved bose Fancy Ebonite etagere 2 
5 * sets, 4 eo. calved ook borley twist chous with highballs Very early 
I refractory toble (o true primitive), large oak aiupleof table with 
A massive twin pedestal base Walnut Fembtook table Fancy uptight 
* walnut cool hod Severn! fancy carved caid tobies Elegant lady s yam l M ty dresser Stoss bound wood pickle battel J pc potior set with loveseat, 2 ami chairs, and 4 sidechairs 6 walnut dining choirs with highly carved backs 2 brass and won beds ilegant walnut Queen 
Anne bed with carved headboard and footboaid 
Small hanging fireplace CAULDRON with brass siggot I oak ond I walnut dining toble with massive turned legs A unique selection of halltiees Towel roils Extra large circus wagon wheel Wicket chairs Pinno stools, oak fiieplace mantel 12 motchina oentwood chairs with spindle bocks ChiHoniers. Set of S Millmaty stands. Primitive crank style wood washing machine Primitive chest Pine kitchen work toble with drawers and turned legs Carved walnut and oak sideboards Several marble top washstands with colorful tile backs lotge selection of framed prints and paintings Dining loom suites. Bedioom suites large and small wordiobes, many with beveled mittois Primitive 
Dowel chest Drop front desk with bookcases. Pan Stafford shite (fogs 
Mahogany woll mounted shelf Bowl ond pitcher sets. Overmonlel miirors 
Nice selection of leo caddies Oak pedestal Nice assortment of oak and walnut dressers. Bowfront chost of drawers Pine kitchen cabinet with leod ed gloss doors, Dropfront porcelain work surface and suani bins Kerosene parlor heater with brass front Several signed mantel docks Many other decorative items. 

IN V Iil IN UU A l i t v fo r additional information Call SI 2-398-37o1 ar 392-7oo3 
T M I A U C T IO N E E R 
^ 
T x G c - 7 7 - o 3 8 6 
GARY FINGLEMAN 

F actory *econd$, 8 x16' sales of­ fice, complete 
Terms, dei. 
924-o32o______________________ 
M UN IC IPAL AU DITO RIU M 
AUSTIN. TEXAS 
Thurs., June 2 (pre view 7-tOpm) 
Friday, Jun J, loam 9pm 
Saturday, June 4 1oam 9pm 
Sunday, June S, Noon to 6pm 
_______ADMISSION, SKM 
ANTIQUE SHOW AN D SALE ot 
ROUND 
ROCK S 
FRONTIER 
DAYS 
J u ly 8 ond 9. D e a le r spaces a va ila b le ; Schoneiand, P O Box 
4S1, Round Rock S12-25S-4S8o 

 your tot. AH paneled and plum b­ ing, vin yl floor covering 
2 bedroom, I bath, S IO ,SOO 
3 bedroom, I bath, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber_________624 2256 

Good Lum ber-Good Lengths 
I ........................................ 19c LF 
6 .................................... 19''ic LF 
8 ...................... 
26C LF 

LIN O LEU M S A LE : Heavy V inyl 
Linoleum S4.95 Sa Yd fo r C lear­ ance Linole um R em nants, W all 
P a per 9oc-$1.oo. In s id e L a te x 
$5.95 GAL, E xte rio r Latex Home 
Paint. Best Grade $9.85 Gal W in­ dow Glass, Venetian Blinds, $8.95 
Ea. 
T e rm s . 
G E R H A R D T S 
533-7149. 1612 S. H ackberry 

P o rta b le B u ild in g s M oved bv 
M orgon. Bonded. 6S3-811I._______ 
Reduced dam age d iT x J 2 ' c o t­ tages Term s, tree del. 732-5171 
Repassed lO xH P o rta b le o ffice terms, frog dei. 732-5171.______ 

• 5oo Seguin Rd, 226-3141 • 
W recking 527 Cypress, Lbr P its 
E lim . Other Item s 732-2437_______ 

P o rta b le c a b in , 
L sh a p e d , 
1 2 'x2 4 'x3 2 ', a ir, h e a t, c a rp e t, shades. Moving negotiable. $7S'-,i. 
S22-83o5________________ 
Special I3 ’x32' o ffic e or cabin. 
Finish yourself and save. Terms. 
Free del 653-8111 

B eau tifu l , 

Early 
A m e r i c a n or Con i tem p ora ry K ingsne Bed­ room set. 
Includes 
Dresser, 
M irro r, 
Chest, 
N ight Stand, Bed, Foun­ dation. $ 2 5 9 . D isplayed 
O nly Con D eliver, Terms, 

Smith Construction Co. 
851S-B Speedway 349-4127 
• : 'j*~ VC 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full, Queen. Kingsize 
SOLIO BRASS HEADBOARDS 
8246925 
3123 Broodwa 

R A IL R O A D 
T IE S fo r sale 
L a n d s c a p e o r re la y q u a lity 
1-512-454-4413 or 454-7971 W hittle sev Bros .Austin,TX 

TH I N U M B IR TO C A II 
1$ 22$ 1666 
I X P R f SS ANO N tW S 

BESS’ ANTIQUES 
54 5o Old Sogum Rd , 661 5512 
BUY SELL APPRAISE 
Bes! Prices Paid for Antiques 
PH IL W ILLBO R N 
TOWN & COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
826-2749 36o9 Broadway 735-2414 
CET TH EKE 
FIRST! 

CLIM ER S RU M M AGE BARN 
CASH ANO CARRY 
Antiaues. Bottles, P rim itives 
Relics and Many O ther Things 
COME S E E !! Open l l AM to 5PM 
Closed Wednesdays and Sundays 
1-742-88o8 during business hours 
Where Hwy 476 cross Hwy 16 
_______ POTEET, TEXAS 

C olor TV. 25" la te flo o r length model, excellent, $165 923-1761 
GARAGE S A LE ; Misc , Childrens clothes, s iie 4 to 6x , Thurs Only. 
3111 W hifew ing_________________ 

G U IT A R AC O U S TIC , 6 and 12 string am peg instrum ent amp. 
435-7o42._____________________ 

2 rockin g ch a irs $25, couch $75, 
RCA color TV $2oo 826-2o3o 
Luxurious Velvet 
Herculon or Naugahyde 
Sofas 

$ 1 o o , 
Loveseat 
$ 7 5 , 
Choirs $ 5 o , Tables $ 1 7 each. 
D inette 
$ 5 5 , 
Bedroom 
Set 
C om plete 
$ 1 2 5 , 
Carl 
D eliver. 
Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

Color TV 19" p o rta b le , re-condi tion, $12$. Call 924 o796._________ 
Roll-top desk, solid maple, $3oo 
494-5186 aft. 6 pm._______________ 
AAA Open Lock Door, No Key 
Force, picks. Dem onstration 
Sells A nti-crim e Installations 
Complete instructions, Si.98 
Security Products. Box 3458 
San Antonio, Tx 78211 

Guns and re lo a d in g equipm ent 
655-7o41 o fte r 5pm______________ 
G arage sale- old trunks, dolls, old fu rn itu re , old re c o rd s , ste re o speakers, books, luggage, cloth ing, e le c tric item s, gas heaters, m any other items. 8o28-2 Huedner 
Rd Between Babcock ond Evers. 

Highboy, lovely Queen Anne, ma- 
'p ie fin is h , paw fe e t 
O w n e rs trw iste rln q $325. 434 34o1 

R ound 48 " oak p e d e sta l ta b le 
$325. 6 Choirs $4o eg, 344-113o 
Color TV, 25” RCA, $1oo 
________ 924-o796_______ 
H a rd ro c k m a p le d in in g set, hutch, sofa, coffee end table s, king and fu ll bedroom sets, twin bed s, M e d ite rra n e a n ta b le 6 c h a irs , c h e st, b u ffe t, M a y ta g w a s h e r, d r y e r , r e fr ig e r a to r , stove. 3 3 7 -8 1 1 3 ._______________ 

INSPECT; Monday, June 13, 
1:oo to 5:oo p.m. 

For B ro c h u re C onfact: 

R o yce, 4o c h a n n e l CB R a dio, 
B ra cke ts and A ntenna, 9o-days 
Old $85 696-217o 

COLOR TV. W orking good, $75. 
924-2846 
____________________ lf you have A ntiques, Jew elry, 
D ia m o n d s , S te rlin g , G o ld o r 
Oriental Rugs to sell, you'll gel Ihe 
Best P rice fro m San A n tonio's 
Finest Shop: 

A ir conditioners, good condition, 
Seors service policy. 822-593o 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E R F e d d e rs, 
6ooo BTU, 115 V, SHS. 927-5827 

GARAGE SALE-411o TREEG AR 
DEN. Pool table $125, snare drum 
$65 clothing, toys, misc. 337-792o. 

Complete b d rm se! $6o, antique d re s s e r, b ic y c le , p ic n ic ta b le , misc items. 
59o6 White Cloud. 
684-8544._______ 

Rugs, beige, 8 x 1 2 $2o, and IO x 15 w ith pad $3o, rocking chair with pad $2o. boy's bike 2o" S speed 
$2o, 
26" 
G erm an bike 
$1o 
655-1435 
Garage sale-317 E. M Y R T LE -fu r- n itu re , couch, c h o ir, beds, box spring s, m attresses, lam ps, old radio , china cabinet, w ardrobe, girls clothes 12, boys clothes 14, tables, bath tubs, doors, screen windows, w icker rocking chairs, stoves, refrig era tors.____________ 

H a u lin g , a p p lia n ce s, fu rn itu re . junk, clean garages. Reasonable 
333-2939.________________________ 
A ir conditioner, $8o Black leather 
$ofa, $8o Bar, $2oo Elec guitar with amp, $45. Radial 175-13 tire, 
$3o. 344-1354___________ 
____ 

Complete Houseful! of nice, well cared for. fu rn itu re . Side by side re frig e ra to r, w a sher-dryer $1oo. king bedroom set (w ill split up), 
OAK sm all desk $2o. Dining big wood table $9o. Bunk bed $1oo. 
Lots of b e d ro o m tu rn ., m is c . 
Deices- 4 bedroom house. Moving, must sell! 656-3288. Small tra ile r 
$6o. 

RUGS: M ade in Hamadan Iran, 
(2), 2 7 'X 4 o ". 435-1245_________ 
H eadboard, kin gsize, a ll wood 
Like new. $8o 826-7511._______ 
Samsonite P u llm an 24 in., gold, 
$27. Am. T ou rister Tote, gold $16. 
New cond. 735-o643.____________ 

A ir C o n d itio n e r, 13,5ooB T U , 
W ards, $11o. 828-3898 ao86 bo9o flOO 91 
_______________________ 
H. O. model railroa d layout, 4' x 
13’ lo n g , 4 s te a m tra in s , Che- speake and O hio system $725. 
8o28-2 Huedner between Babcock ond E vers Rd.__________________ 

J E W E L R Y 
H EL ET IQ U ES 
2716 M cCullough 734 3796 
Closed Mondays 
KITCHEN Cabinet. w ith flour bin, etc roll fop, very good condlfion 
Phone I 557 6233________________ 
M ary's Antiques opening June 2 
Moon at U niversity. Son Marcos 
2o% oft Regular Prices 
June 2-3-4-S, Q uality merchandise 
Im ports A A m erican 
BAC A MC 
I 392 4149 

G a ra g e s a le 
367 S a v a n n a h - 
C h e v ro le t a u to p a rts , b a b y clothes and more. Sunday-June 
5 th.__________ ________________ 

I Sansui 4 channel rear am plifier, 
Model OS SOO, exc. cond 
$15o 
623-1473._____________________ 
E xtra Firm 

O rthoped ic Kingsize M at- 
! tress, 2 Box Springs and 
Foundation, $7 5 . Still in! 
O rig in a l Package. Q ueen 
Size set, $6 5 . Full Size set. $ 5 5 , Twin Size Set. 
Can D eliver. Terms. 
• 

Smith Construction Co. 

8515-8 Speedway 349-4127 

H o s p ita l bed , D o rm e v e r 6!' j ” paneling saw, 29o7 W. M artin 
Hot Point Iro n e r $4$, Baby Car bed SIO, 9X12 Tent sewed in floor 
$45, C A LL. 732-9589_____________ 

1886 School Bell w ith yoke, 16" in dig. SIPP, 8o8 Avondale 534-451o 
AIR CO NDITIONER COLDSPOT 
23,ooo BTU, $125 C A LL: 695-32oo 
G A R A G E S A LE R e frig e ra to r, f u r n itu r e , d is h e s , h o u s e h o ld ite m s , c lo th in g 
S A T S U N 
8am -6pm 653-o967 1o418 G ra n d 
P ork (W indcrest)_______________ 

Console stereo AM -EM radio, turn table, propane torch, desk. 
9 2 2 - 5 6 8 6 . _________________ 
BILD MART 

6o1 Florida • 534-o751 

Sealy king size bed, 12 x 18 ft. used carpet, color TV, 342-672o._______ 
A ir conditioning condensing units, 
3 'j ton fo r $225, 2 3 ton u n its 
S2ooec., I 2'T ton fo r $175. Call o fte r S 655 o966.__________ 
Sears 19" color TV, I Y r old. Coll 
828-25o3.____________________ 
Couch for sale, good cond., brown and gold, 227-74o7____________ 
H U M M E L F ig u rin e s : G irl and chickens, g irl with basket. $2o. ea. cash only 349-2321_______________ 
GARAGE SALE, accum ulation IS years. Clothes, la d y’s and m en’s, s m a ll a p p lia n c e s , h o u s e h o ld item s, ETC 655-2144 4231 Chesf- nut H ill D rive____________ 

A k a i GXC 46D c a s s e tte d e ck. 
Pioneer SX 828 re cie ve r, 2 JBL 
D36 speakers. $7oo. Call Henry 
432 8342._________________ 

S e vera l re s ta u ra n t booths and tavern lounge seats, fa ir to good condition, m ake offer, 
419 
E. 
F R E N C H .____________________ 

Couch, Off-White, 7 ft. $169. Round coffee fable, desk. 822-74o7.______ 
Building M aterial Store 

Fiberglass corrug rig, 4 oz dear or green 8', $3.95; 1o', $4.95; 
12, $5.95 

Family Guard smoke detector, reg. $24_ 
— now $19.95 

New Shipmb.it Kit. counter tops -------- $3.25 LF. 

4x4 3/16 hdbd underlaymenl. . 
$2.19 ta. 

4x8 7/16 primed hdbd siding....................... 
$9.95 

5 ft. Kit cobinel set, KO 
$99,95 

Thompson water seal: 
OL, 
$2.29, Gal., $6.95, 5 Gal., 
$28.49 

Tru-Test texture pumt, white, colors. 
$5.95 gal. 

BILD MART carries TRU-TEST 

 paint - select from 124o 

 custom colors 

IBM Selectric I Sin carriage, HOO 
Adler E le ctric, ISin carriage $15o. 
924-4281.________________________ 
Danish M odern 9 pc. dining room, to b le , 6 c h a irs , h u tch , s e rv e r. 
U p rig h t deep fre e z e , w a s h e r, d r y e r , h id e a b e d , c h e s t of drawers, desk, cedar chest, love- seat, Spanish couch and c h a ir, bedroom suite, bunkbed, tables, p o rta b le ty p e w rite r, m a ttre ss, boxsprings, m uch more. 826-o875 

A ll A n tiq u e s: s id e b o a rd , $14o; 
China ca b in e t $135; M e ta l gas stove, *35; Oak dresser $7o-595; 
Singer e le c tric sew ing m achine with cabinet, *35; Sm all w ringer type w asher, 535. 2 blue velvet headboards, $2o a p a ir 2 beige s in g le h e a d b o a rd s . $8 a p a ir 
O ffice desk, $9o, finished, m ust see to a p p re c ia te . F irs t com e, firs t serve. 735-9o14 
______ 

MOVING 
F rench clo ck, tru n k, 
12 pc. c h in a c a n is te r set, 4 stem m ed w h ite p e w te r goblets and c o c k ta il s h a k e r, p re sse d glass, bottles, quilt, crysta l chan delier Coll tor appl 532-1115. 

S E W IN G M a c h in e B ro th e rs , stre tch s titc h , p o rta b le , never, 
$68, 824-4879____________________ 

Garage Sale: g irl s 2o" ike, lody's ! b ik e , la rg e 
J u n g le 
G y m , household items, boat m otor 5Hp. 1 
9o8 G a rra ty, Sot 9-5_________ 

Ice m a k e r, cube ty p e , 22o lb. c a p a c ity good w o rk in g cond . 
French P rovincial sofa and chair. 
924-216o________________________ 
Shotshell reloader, MEC 25o oil gauges 12, 16, 2o, plus extra s, m iscellaneous com ponents. Best ofter a tte r 6PM. 695-8126.________ 

G arage Sale: Alam o Hots Odds 
Ends, SatSun 1o-6 243 E. Elm view 
K e nm o re W asher, cheap. Good condition. 433-8742.________ ___ __ 
Oak Round Table 
Grobo Antiques. 2934 Austin Hwy 
GARAGE SALE: June 3-4, many j ite m s . B u lv e rd e E le m . S ch ool: 
Grounds. 438-2938.________ i 
Displayed 

But Never Used 

Kingsize Bedroom Set Complete 
S22S White Gold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Ratton, Hertulon Soto and Chair SI39. Recliner S59. fxtro Firm Full Size Bed S6S. 
Stereo, Solo Sleeper, SI6S. Can 
Deliver, Terms 

■ Smith Construction Co. 

(8515-8 Speedway 349-4127 

King size w ater bed with heater, like new condition, 9' Sofa, stereo radio, baby co r seat, reasonabley priced 337-728o_________________ 

D e a rb o rn gas h e a te r $8. C o rd ­ wood table saw, $5o. 8-disc garden p lo w , 34V i" w id e SSO. F re n c h provincial coffee table, 
$3o. 
688-3454.________________________ 

S inger G olden Touch ond Sew, w ith cabinet. 534-326o ofter 4:3o. 
OP A'S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S H ACKBERRY 
SM A LL F ro s ttre e R e frig e ra to r. 
Yellow dinette, chest, skis. 
828-8667. ______________________ 

G ARAGE SA LE-M ilkcan, coal oil stove, fu rn itu re , washer, d ry e r, clo th in g , ru m m a g e sale item s, 
W indcrest-521 W axwing Cir._____ 

A LL NICE FU ITU R E Black vinyl sofa and chair, $135. Spanish be­ droom set, com plete, $325. Span­ ish coffee table, $39 Dining room set, $99. A ntique w a rdrobe , $75. 
C hest *29, stove, re frig e ra to r. 
M U C H M O R E 17o5 W est A ve . 
1oom-7pm. 732-6595___________ 

K IRB Y Vacuum w ith attach*. '77 model. 
I won it. 
Make ofter. 
653-2121._______ 
_______________ 
PH IL MORAN, 734 5668 
Appraisals and Liquidations 
L ice n se d - References 
Sofa a n d c h a ir, b o th E a rlv 
Am erican and large $5o and $3o, fu ll size bed w ith headboard $25, 6 draw er chest $2o. Coll 337-4736. 

G arage Sale 2 g irl's bikes 2o” and j 
26", I boy’s beginners bike, sofa and lo ve se a t. Toys, M isc. 4314 | 
M arkham , Shenandoah. Fri-Sat 
G ARAGE SALE Lots of E veryth ing! 
Sun. 
June 
5, 
8-6pm 
167 j 
Division. ________ 
I 

Large copp er coal buckets $5o, tw in -be d $75, liv in g room co m ­ modes $3o each, lik e new. Sofa 
$65, 2 lam ps $15, m irro r $2o, man- ul a typ e w rite r $35, turntable w ith 
2 speakers 54o Call: 922-9249. 

PIN E W ardrobe fro m K ing Wit ham area, $5oo; Ship's Captain's desk, $3oo 822 $669 

Oak, W alnut, M etal. E xe cutive, 
Secretary, Student - la rge selec­ tion $79.5o and up. Also Good s e le c tio n of F IL E C A B IN E T S fro m $69.5o 
1 1 31 B asse R d ., 
733-7367, 734-3o81____________ ___ 

Sofa, and P la tfo rm rocker, $1oo, sewing m achine and cabinet $45, otter 6 341-6987 ________ ________ 
A lm o st new sofa $125, d re sse r w ith m irro r fo r $6o, loveseat $9$, 5 p iece wooden d in e tte set SISO. 
Coll: 734-o934.___________ 

Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 F redericksburg 
Hours: 9-5 
Sofa, black 8o” , $1oo NCR cash register, $45o. W orld Book ency­ clopedia w ith Child Craft and dic­ tionary, 
1961 edition, 
$1oo. 
432-o252_______________ _________ 

Large '62 F rig id a ire ret., bottom freezer, $1oo. 822-5513.___________ 
IL L h e a lth L iq u id a tio n , to ols, e le c tric a l, h e a te rs, in s u la tio n , 
A m w o v p ro . U n u se d o ve n , 2 b u rn e r s to v e , ir o n e r, m im e o ­ g raph, tin , rope, file cab m isc. 
Sunday IO to 5 Cash only. Selma, 
IH35 access Rd. ond FM1518. 

Dinette set, black m arble form ica table, 545. 696-4448 
_______ 
Stained 
Glass 
Doors and Windows 
Daughtry Antiques, 684-o344 
TAIL END ANTIQUES 
ROLLTOP DESK in Colonies N orth M all 

A M -F M s te re o w ith re c o rd c h a n g e r and 8 -tro c re c o rd in g 
R a y-O -V ac s p o rts m a n '* flo re s ­ cent cam ping la nte rn. 4 wheels, excellent for go-cart Hand oper­ ated corn sheller. Set of golf clubs and corf. Auto 8-troc w ith remote control. 826-7358_________ 

L a rg e r e frlg -d e e p fre e z e com bination, good cond. 
$75. 
534-o323._______________________ 
Dining room suite, light oak table, 
6 chairs, china closet. Good con dition. 53oo 344-3639 
________ 
B u n k b e d , c o m p le te , $1 29.95. 
Hide-A-Beds, $89.95 up Tw in or lu ll beds, complete, *69.95. 
Fawcett Furniture 
416 Doloroso, 227-6512 

SOFA, 7'/» ft., good cond. C oll 
532-8237 tro m IO am to IO pm 
Sofa, green 1o2” , in good cond. 
826-5332. A fte r 5 and weekends. 

Late Model 14,ooo BTU Sears A ir 
Conditioner, 9,ooo BTU Philco A ir 
C o n d itio n e r, C om p. B e d ro o m suite, ond M isc Furn. 534-6393. 

Dishwasher. Norge p o rt, cutting board lop $6o 673-8392.__________ 
LARG E Sale, Sot thru Mon. 3o47 
Ackerm an 
Rd. 
Furniture and misc. 
_______________ 
D ishw asher, K ite h e n a id e , $1oo 
Dinette, solid wood, 3 chairs, $4o. 
824-6136 
_____________________ 
Sofa, green velvet, with 2 m atch­ ing green and blue chairs, S2So. 2 m atching lom ps, $25 pair. 696-oo4o 

Antiques to r sale. Round oak ta hie, chairs, wardrobes, dressers, etc No Dealers please 533 513o or 
>33 377o 
Unusual bow front China Cabinet 
Rare 2 door Oak Highboy 
ANTIQUE COTTAGE, >o8 Poilus 

| 
WICK ER! W ICKER! l o v e r JO pieces of old w ic k e r, ready fo r your home. 13o3 R oo­ sevelt. 533-1171. 

Law nm ow er $35 Cash 
_______734-4714_______ 
A N T IQ U E s h o ts h e ll re lo a d e r, 
12,16,2o gauge, ro u n d c rim p e r co m p le te w ith a ll a cc e s s o rie s . 
Mony parts. A tte r 6PM. 695-8126 

Antiques-Accetiortet-C oM ectabie* 
1o2o TOWNSEND, 826 3764 
_______ALAM O HEIGHTS_______ 
The New and Old Shop, 3o5 West 
A sh b y, (N e a r S a c ). 732 8888. 
Mony Bargains 
______________ 
THOMPSON'S Antiques A Things 
47o5 Rigsby, 648 4o24______ 
To Sell One and A ll Coll 
633-24oo, 433 o34o (cash paid) 

MaslerCtiarge 
BonkAmerkard 
129o2 Lone Shadow T ra il. F ri. 
Sot. Sun. M isc. items. 
________ 
D u ncan P h y fe D in in g ro o m 6 choirs, 2 a rm s B u ffett, Dinnette fo u r ch a irs. C olor TV, 2 lam ps, clocks, rugs, chests, Much More. 
927 Hay 226-7961 a fte r IO am 

Law nm ow ers: 18", *45; 2o", $5o 
438 O rchard 337-36o5.___________ 
SPIN ET PIAN O , m ahogany. $45o 
736-2572, 8om-9pm.______________ 
M O V IN G G a r a g e Sale. F ro s t- 
F re e r e fr ig ., fu rn itu re , m isc. 
Bargains 12513 Old Spanish T rail, 
Live Oak. Sot. June 4th. _______ 

The most interesting antique shop in Texas. E ve rythin g trom glass to E a rly A m erican F u rn itu re at 
Blumenthal, Texas. 7 m ile* west ot LBJ State P a rk on Hwy 29o. 
Open daily except Tuesday. Look for Blum enthal Hwy sign. 

185 lb. w e ig h t set, plus w e ig h t bench, $1oo. 342-83o6 o tte r 6._____ 
Antiques, O riental rugs, cut glass, 
Oliver, china, cry s ta l, paintings. 
732-6435 1oom-6pm_______________ 
A n tia u e s , w a te r bed , e le c tric d ry e r, h a ir d ry e r, phone m ote, vorious clothes. 341-4556.________ 

Stereo, needs some repoirs, ly r old $125 2o3 E. Locust Apt I o il 6 
Like new French P rovinciol gold velvet sofa w -choir $19o, 736-o686 
Super gold m em bership in Thou­ sand O aks R a cquet Club, $7oo 
349-9355 349-42o6________________ 

E arly A m erican Bookcase Head board, box spring and m attress, 
575 after 5 69o 9935._____________ 

Odds and ends and in-betweens. 
We h a v e ju s t re m o v e d m a n y aba ndoned a rtic le s fro m m ore than IOO storage room s, at Son 
Jose A p ts, 2914 R oosevelt Ave. 
Sale w ill be in o u r c o m m u n ity center this Saturday and Sunday from 1-5 pm.___________________ 

Living room , dinette and bedroom set, good co n d ition, reasonable. 
No dealers. 349-4873._____________ 
Tappan gas ra n g e w ith b ro ile r 
S75, b uilt in efec. stove- oven $15o, 
C o m pressor IO HP 3o gal. tank elec. start, $9oo. 432-2633.________ 

E A R L Y A m e ric a n s o lo bed 
(needs u p h o ls te rin g ), ottom an, chair, 3 tobies. $1oo A L L. 344-7983. 
Apt size gas stove, 3o", also re frig . 7o6 West Ave.______________ 
6x8...$295 
8x1o.. .$396 
Other sizes available 
Q U A L IT Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Heavy-Duty Floor included 

ES TABLISHED 19o4 
WE BUY AND SELL 
Diamonds, Platinum 
Gold, Silver 
APPRAISALS m a d e o n 
JEW E LR Y FOR INSURANCE 
PURPOSES AND ESTATES 
325 ALAMO PLAZA 
226-1424 

M a h o g a n y o v a l d in e tte w ith 4 c h a irs , no s c ra tc h e s , $6o. B e­ d ro o m s u ite w ith 9 d ra w e r dresser ond clean m attress and box springs, $1oo. I mens, I ladies 
5 speed bike, >35 eg 349-o219. 

Aquarium , IO gal., fully complete, 
$35. Carnet for sole, 5175 924-4788. 
918 - CoIMS& JEWELRY 
9?? MUSICAL IW S T B M IS 
97? MUSICH! INSTmm 
E lectric piano, $35o. or best offer. 
824-58o8 A tte r 6. 
_ 
Teoc A334o deck w ith AX2o m ixed panel, $5oo. AN8o Dolby. $9o E l and E2 eraser, Pioneer phones, 2 
Sony cond enser m ikes, a ll new condition. 674-57o8 eves._________ 

Old U p rig h t Piano, IO gal. paint pot. 4o2 Cravens. A fte r 7:3o call 
534-4155.________________________ 

335 A rgyle, fu rn itu re , cocktail ta­ ble . b o r, oak d in in g ta b le , 54o eo ch. Open 9—NOON. 826-7791. 
AU TO M A TIC SEARS W ASHER, 
$75. Top Shope 533-o762__________ 

A L A S K A N G O LD JE W E 1 RY 
Jade rin g m ounted iii A laskan gold. Also w atchband. Reply to 
Express-News 
Box 
395o, 
SA. 
78297. 

E lectrolux vacuum cleaner, ly r old GE R e frig e ra to r, 2-Kerosene hea ters, e le c tro n ic equ ipm ent. 
Devine Tx 663-4751._____________ 

A k ® y t H X A H Y V A I I- 
B a ld w in A cro so m e p ia n o and n n i f 1 1 L i l u m ! I unix 
I bench, walnut finish Perfect con- 
NEW AND USED PIANOS ANO j dition Used 2 yrs. IO yr w a rranty 
O R G ANS A T B IG S A V IN G S , I 895o. Coll 4 5 3 - 7 o 2 5 ________ some as lo w os $14$ 
A n tiq u e j 
Knabe, a ra re bargain Chicker- Baldw in S'2" grand piano, Ebony ing Grand, like new, only $2995, finish, com lem porary style case. 
New Spinets, *788, large selection. 
Excellent cond. 824 3S92 
Also Rent to Buy. 
CR I TCHETT PIANO CO 
OacbBPt’s Music Plaza 
Rental Purchase Plan 
Southside 223 6151 MOO Nogalito* | I9o7 W Woodlawn_______ *34-4317 
Northside 654-6661 5235 W altern ' 
G em em hordl flute, *9o 
(J blk* East of Windsor M all) 
I 
684 8523 

Maple bdrm , suite, mis. furn iture , good cond. 684-6o43.________ 
5oo Seguin Rd 
R UM M AGE SALE JUNE 4, 9-4 
POSS RD., OFF BANDERA AND 
____________ EVERS 
________ 
E L E G A N T S IL V E R S E R V IC E 
Reed and Barton “ Renaissance." 
Ideal for June Bride. Reasonably priced. 826-3564_________________ 

M aple chest, $6o. Desk, $6o Ma- pie drum toble, $5o. 344-113o. 
Doctor s Investm ent G roup it Iii terested in buying coins, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold, F ra n klin Mints, etc. Contact Dr Vogt, 736-2o79 

Used p ric e , m u st sell 1 o 'x l2 ', 
1ox16 storage Bldg*. 
Deliver 
684-1236 

A U T O M A T IC W A S H E R A N D 
D R YE R , 
$65 each, 
C A LL: 
224-5o75_________________________ 
Single bed, all size clohtes, craft and a rt item s, typ e w rite r, items at reasonable p rice s. 338 Good- hue Thur-Sot. 655-7845.__________ 

825 Seats In E xcellent Condition, 
Hard Back, Cushion Seats, M etal 
Fram e. 623-215o.________________ 
M a rlin 22 se m i-a u to , m odel 79 
M-1, scope, extra 
7-shot clip. 
342-3oo4.________________________ 
Exc black Greco elec. guitar, $65 
W hite baby bed, new m attress. 
$55 333-8912_____________________ 

Avon collectors item s for soie-colt revolver, dueling pistol, ond 6 ti. side ra il fo r a short bed truck $3o. 
Coll 333-7522.____________________ 
M a rlin 3o-3o W in. m o d e l 3 3 6 . m icro groove b a rre l $6o 732-8597 
M attress, boxspring, queen, Sim mons, firm . $75 cosh 434-6673 

Spring sale-furn , ret., tre a d m ill, clothes 8-14, Fri-Sun 8-on, free cup of coffee. 31o Sprucewoed._______ 

VIVES ATSARA 3ox4o ill Seas cape, sacrifice $25oo; European r u ra l scene, 27x3o, $275; A N ­ 
TIQUE SEASCAPE, H E. T o lle r, 
*295. Others 494 5149 

E xercise cycle $45, M r and M rs gold chairs $4o, lam p table $35. 
435-3285.________________________ 

Two 3o Ton Trane Air Condition­ ing Systems W ith Handling Units. 
Includes H eating System Priced 
For Quick Sate. 623-215o._________ 

B A LD W IN AC R O SO N IC , beau lifu l walnut with m atching bench 
*6oo. 733-1346_______________ 

LACK'S Discount Warehouse 
Used Furniture and Appliances 
943 COLISEUM DR 
22$ 7444 

8och silver trom bone, used 3 mo 
$18o. 696-7981 Otter 6P M ________ 
M A T T R E S S , o rth o p e d ic firm queensize, Uke new, $5o. 681-o914 
E xtro long tw in m attress, bl.and wh. TV w ith rem ote control, as­ s o rte d c lo th in g , je w e lry , housewares. W indcrest, 655-5847 

B A L D W IN O R G A N , 2 y rs old. 
C assette, W onder C h ord , *7oo. 
656-5926 Otter 5._________________ 
BAR COOLER, holds 38 cases of beer, bar 2o ft. long, $5oo for both 
432-5143.________________________ 

19" Toro, electric start, $85. Lawn 
Boy, 2o", $25. Tow-bar for Volks- wogen, $25. 657-o19o.____________ 
Truck fires 11-1S-LT, off road for 
GM 341-3798.________________ _ 

Antiques, Appliances, F urniture 
YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
M otorola M O TR AC p riv a te line 
2-way radio. High band, 15o mc. 
New condition. 333-213o 621-2o19 
Fender Bass Am p and V entura 
Bass G uitar. 344-1o65; 
224-2oo8 days___________________ ________ 
M O V IN G : B ig 2 5 " C o lo r TV 
M e d ite rra n e a n L ik e New $2oo, 
23" Black and White M ed ite rra n ­ ean TV $75, portable TV $37.5o, 
W rought iro n dinette oak top Cost 
$48o now $15o, Alam o G uitar amp 
$1o 349-o595_________________ _____ 

Estates, A nything of Value...from one piece to houseful. Call: 
342-4755 Anytim e_______Est. 1949 
B A R G A IN B e a u tifu l lik e new 
E a rly A m e ric a n C a n n o n b a ll aueen-size bedroom set. T rip le d re sse r, 5 d ro w e r chest, n ig h t stand, m attress and boxsprings. 
$75o. 17o5 West A ve _____________ 

•21 TV B lo c k and W hite, Solid 
State A d m ira l ta b le m odel, A 1 cond. $45. 922-5661______________ 
F e n d e r tw in -r e v e r b am p and 
V e n tu ra e le c g u ita r $35o o r separate 922-3677________________ 
B uying late model refrig era tors, freezers needing repair. 341-1865. 
TV p o rta b le , b la ck- w hite 19 
Channel 41. $45. 433-o63o_______ 
TO PLACK ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CAU, 225-lf.fifr 
Tw in bed, com plete. Also, night stand, $55. D o uble hea d b o a rd , 
$2o. Boy's 1o-spd and g irl's 5spd, 
$2o eo. 7o2 T ra fa lto r 344-6522 

M OVING IN SALE 
Stove, re frig e ra to r, good cond i­ tio n , w o m e n * c lo th in g , m uch other m isc., some antiques. 1o7 W. 
Agarita. 
M O V IN G : sofa and c h a ir, $75 
C hairs. M aple desk, $6o. Stove 
$4o. B ric-A -B rac and other things. 
532-1115. 
_______ __ 

B A R G A IN S E V E R Y D A Y Bed 
$35, couch $35, stoves, re frig e ra ­ tors, used clothing. L ucky's Used 
Furniture. 6625 S Flores 927-3611 

ON 
TR A ILE R 
Buy, Sell, Trode, Repair 
5322 SAN PEDRO 
828 
F ive piece M a je s tic d ru m set, excellent cond. 654-1252._______ 
CASH for your Used Piano 
224-7111 or 224-11o2 
F O U N D A T IO N S 
C A R P E N T R Y 
L A W N M O W E R R E P A IR 
R E M O D E L IN G 
Twin beds *5o each, sm all console stereo $5o, F a rb e rw a re b ro ile r 
$25, desk $75, m aple rocker *2o. 
681-3396.________________________ 

B o ile ry p o w e re d w h e e lc h a ir, 
Howet, excellen t condition. Cost 
$1,ooo, w ill sacrifice, m ake ofter. 
826-6o76_________________________ 

FOR S A L E : 197o L T D GOOD 
CONDITION $995, C A LL 681-o962 
DIAMONDS 
W illiam s, 227-87o2, 15o E .Houston 
LAW NMOW ER Repair and Small 
Engines. 
F R E E 
Estimates 
922 8661 
_____________ 

AM types Remodeling No Job Too 
S m a ll W o rk G u a ra n te e d . L ie . 
349 1663 Rodney 
___ 
AA Ail Home Repairs 
Foundations, Roofing, C arpentry, 
P a in tin g , P a n e lin g . A ll w o rk guaranteed Lie. 736-5946________ 
A C a rp e n te r: In Need of Jobs from roofing to Foundations No 
Job Too S m a ll F R E E E st 
A ll 
W ork G uaronteed. 927-5o24 

A D D IT IO N S 
FOR S A L E : T e le p h o n e s and ports, W rite fo r free catalog. Sur­ plus Saving Center, Box 117, Dept. 
MA-67, W aym art, PA 18472______ 

U m b re lla te n ts , (2 ), 535 ea. 
T e le sco p e a n te n n a m a st, 27', 
$7.5o. Five lug wheel, 825x14 tire, 
$8. Shop v a c u u m n , $1o. B unk beds, m attresses, like new $7$. 
Cabinet sewing mach., 
$35. 
653-o1o6.________________ _ 

2oyrs. Leveling Exp 
Guaranteed w ork. 
534-7329 
B e d ro o m fu rn itu re , m a tc h in g couch and re c lin e r, sew ing mo chine ond misc. items. 333-6632 
Law nm ow ers R epaired, Reason able' Call 533-S3/2______________ 
M UST S E L L : couch, c h a ir, en tertainm e nt center, 2 tables. E x­ c e lle n t c o n d itio n . $135 fo r a ll. 
828-6824, 349 1251, ask for Toni. 

TH AT DOESN'T EAT 
C A LL JIM LISTER 
633 26oo or 633-o34o 
R O O F IN G 
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL! 
1ox17 ROOM ADDITION 
. SI995 
1ox2o DEN..........................537oo 
2ox2o GARAGE ................. S2295 
7x12 BATHROOM ((oattno 
S199S 
1ox2o WOOD PATIO OR utrair i« conin! (tool; 
SI 195 

FOR S A L E : W h ite shag ru g 
11X13*25, Coll: 533-o483_________ 
Bedroom Set, dinette, stove, twin beds, coffee ond endtables. sofa, choirs, 333-6958__________________ 
LOT C L E A R IN G 
& C L E A N IN G 
A ll types of fo undatio n repairs. 
We specialize in le veling, cedar post, peer-beam and slab founda tion. Coll the experts. 824-2171 

C H ROOFING CO. 
We do the job right the firs t tim e 
New ro o fs - ro o f re p a irs of a ll types Free Est 655-1o39 
______ 
C la rk 's R o o fin g -R e m o d e lin g . 
Free Est >24 1 >37 or 667 ISO) 

New and used T elepho ne A ns­ w ering 
Equipm ent. 
Richard. 
736-2o12.________________________ 
FOR S A LE : W hite S e a r's Ken more W asher-D ryer $1oo CA LL: 
684-1135________________________ 
Beer Keg, bronze a p l size R efrig, wood green top. Co2 Bottle, with guages ond taps. $1oo. 27o3 Tynes 
2 b lk * E. of R ig sb y and W W. 
White Rd._______________________ 

U p right piano, com pletely recon­ ditioned. m ust see to appreciate. 
$15oo. 735-24o4 732-6oo9._________ 
A C O M P LE TE HOME R E P A IR 
SERVICE. C A LL 684-4972._______ 
F o r F u rn itu re ond A p p lia n ce s 
D ay; 653-5242 N ight, 653-o491 or 
655-2235. ______________________ 
Sm oll T ra c to r, custom m owing, lots, acreage 824 3611. 82s / i i i 
I new G78xl5 Alias belted tires 
822-1153.________________________ 
FR EEZER . 16 ti. upright, in war- ronty, exc. cond. S18o. 342-7467 
Freezer, W ards upright, 19 cu. ft.. 
Gold, I yr, 2 yr service contract. 
$275. 656-58oo 
_______ 

B A TH R O O M R e p a ir, p a n e lin g , general carpentry. 924 3o5)______ 
For Best Prices on AM Additions 
Remodeling. Coll 648 )874_______ 

USED R EFRIG ERATOR S 
C E N TR A L SERVICE CO. 
7o7 WEST AVE., 734 4237 
P IC K U P Free A ir Conditioners, stoves, re frig e ra to rs , fu rn itu re clothes. 333-2939.________________ 
R oofing and P a inting A ll w ork guaranteed Free Bids 333 7o16 
M A S O N R Y 
Bicycle, men's 1o-sod, 27" fram e, 
433-o512________________________ 
FREE ESTIMATES - NO DOWN 

ADD-A-ROOM CO. 
433-2574 
ED MENDEZ 
3o22 W COMMERCE 
GEN CONTRACTOR SAN ANTONIO, TEX 

E xecutive, S ecretary, O ccasion­ al. Upholstered, vin yl and genuine le ath er AM B e autifu l. O ver 2oo c h a irs to choose fro m . P ric e d from $27.5o and up 113) Bosse 
Rd., 733-7367, 734-3o81.___________ 

Used storage bldg*. Call 732-5171 tor a va ila b ility dutes____________ 
A ll types foundatio n re p a irs . 3o yrs. experience. A ll w o rk guor- onteed. Coll Anytim e. 534-41 1o 

Rolex watch wanted, men's, 18c gold, day-date, with hidden clasp bond. Coll 344-4644_____________ 

B ike s, 26 " lite w e ig h t, m an s 
5-speed $3o, ladies 3-speed $25, 
Childs 2o" S2o. 342-7467__________ 

Housmon M a so n ry, Fireplaces, 
Bar B Ques, M ailboxes, fences, 
Etc. 696-3697 for Inform ation 

French P rovincial, living rm . set, 
86" sofa, 2-chairs, 2 end tables, coffee table, I m a rb le top lam p ta b le , 2 la m p s , A ll L ik e new 
French P rovincial dining rm . fu r­ niture, Rectangle extension table with 3 leafs, custom made pads, 2 a rm ch a irs, 4 side ch o irs, china c a b in e t, b u ffe t, 
B e a u tifu l fru itw o o d . L ik e -n e w C o n d itio n 
Coll 342-o755.__________ _________ 

S E C U R IT Y SY S TE M S 
V iv c to r 75-26o, zoom lens, case, like new, *19o 824-8557 AS} 1831 
THE IRISH M AN LE V E LIN G 
3o YEARS E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: Never Take the firs t price 
333 9o51________or_______ 734 /S II 

S m all gas o r e le c tric fu rn a ce 
Evening 734-445o._______________ 
Somtrol Security Systems 
A lost prevention w arranty 
F or An A lternative 
736 4636 

21" B la ck and w h ite RCA TV, good cond., used ve ry little 575 
1638 Bosse Rd. 734-434o._________ 

W a ln u t C h in a C a b in e t, table -4 chairs, $3oo. 655-2714 aft 7pm 
W alnut P istol-C abinet, E xcellent cond. *4o 696-27o7 oft7pm._______ 

M O W IN G -S H R E D D IN G 
Old Oak dre sse r, cheap, needs restoring. 624-2317_______________ 
O rg a n , 
H a m m o n d 
G ra n d e e console, excel, cond. 344-4433 att 

A-! w ill clean (iv, and din rm . for 
$22.5o, 9x12 loose rugs steam or shampoo $1o SO 227 1986, 325 83o3. 
U N ITED CARPET SERVICE 
_______924-1o58 or 226 8246 

B lo ck A D e c k e r V j“ d r ill, 11o 
Volts, 475 RPM, $3o. 732-8597 
A C R E A G E a n d LOTS m owed 
Coll 344 >>77 or 342-8222 
S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E P A I R S -S E R V IC E 
U N L IM IT E D BUYING 
F urniture, Antiques, Appliances 
734-9773 

Build your home, or ond add-on; price, reosonable. 626-1544 
G A R D E N IN G 
W o n te d : J im B e am and W ild 
Turkey liq u o r bottles. By collec- tor. Chino only. 341-174o________ 
Boys 24” IO spd bicycle $55, Boys 
24" 5 spd bicycle, $4o, 12 ga. pum p shotgun-ond bog. SSS. 342-35o8. 
Brass double bed w -foot board 
5325. Philco refrig . $5o. 828-4411 
B ros* K ing H eadboard, Cannon­ b a ll Style, $65. E x tra firm king 
3-pc. m a ttre ss set, n e ve r used, includes wide ro lle r steel fram e, 
$17o includes d e liv e ry . U su ally home. 684-8234.__________________ 

P a tric k ’s Construction Co 
Additions-Patios-Remodeling 
Rooting Repairs-Founda lions 

Osier autom atic juicer, new. *55. 
432-8425. ______________________ 
P A IN T IN G , P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 
W ater your Law ns and M owing while you're on vacation! 
224 1 2 3 2 __________________ 

USED O FFIC E FU RN ITURE 
We buy desks, c h a irs ! and tile cabinets. I piece or entire office. 
Call Todd 653-7817._______ 

Furniture-Appliances- Jew elry 
A ll A p p lic a tio n s app ro ve d w ith required down paym ent. Call Im- periai Furn. 222-2227. 416 Brady 

E xp ert Sewing Machine R epair 
Free In Shop Estim ates 
3523 West Ave , 344 9671 

W A N T E D : U sed re frig e ra tio n service tools, gauges, and meters. 
673-8392.________________________ 

C E R A M IC S & 
C E R A M IC T I L E 
Oval Oak Table $75, 2 Loveseat* 
$5o, Ook buffet 56.oo 349-93o9 
A CO M PLETE HOME PAINTING 
REPAIR SERVICE 684-497? 
W A N TE D : u tility tro lle r in good condition. 736-3o21_______________ 
Panasonic 8 tra ck tape recorder, perfect cond. $65. 824-64o6_______ 
W AN TED : Small hand Operated 
Addressorgroph 
Machine 
822-1675_______________ 

H A U L IN G & M O V IN G 
Furniture, Clothes, Doors, AM in good condition. 224-8698._________ 
C e ram ic T ile and P lu m b in g in stallation a 
Specialty. 
Call 
734-54)2_________ 
GERHARDTS 533-7149 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
P a in tin g -P a p e rin g , S h eetrock, 
W indow Glass, R epairs, Budget 
Terms. 16)2 S. H ackberry 

W a sh e r-D rye r, good cond $2oo set, swing set $35. 734-5276 
P A Y E R P IA N O , C irc a 192o. refinished oak case. Plover action and piano action restored. Foot pum p or e le c tric . $1595 o r best offer. 6726 Leylond. 655-3365 

F urniture for sale, la rge conver­ tib le sofa, lounge c h a ir and o t­ toman, 2 reclining chairs, French 
P rovincial loveseat. AM reosona- hie. Coll 653-o979.________________ 

Haul away old appliances, lunk cars free 922 747o, 533 /666 
W A N T E D : W o rk in g o r N o n ­ w o rk in g re frig e ra to rs : 435-555o o r 673-767o_______________ 

AA M o ra n te ’ s T re e S er I T t e . trim m in g- topping, remove 
927 6518______________ _ 

75 4WD Chev pickup $495o, best 
Offer. 653-3883. 
______ 
COM PLETE FINANCING 
FR EE ESTIMATES 
W ATER S O FTN E R , G E N E R A L 
IONICS $35, C A LL: 494-5694 
H AULING ANO D UM PIN G 
Hove 2'aton trucks. 533-1142. 
Bunk beds w ith m attress $5o, 3o gallon aquarium w ith stand $3o. 
736-2166 or 433-9214._____________ 
W A N TE D : Yam aha non-electric s tu d e n t g u ita r. A lso, 3-w heel, 
3-spd bicycle. 497-3688___________ 

Wedding dress, white, long, with train, size 5. crow n and veil, and bouquet, $1oo. 733 1694__________ 

IN TE R IO R -E XTER IO R 
C u t-T rim -H aul Trees, Free Est. 
Pointer, Paper hogger, 735-21o1 
Jessie 432-7758, 432 8o/6 
P A IN T IN G and R e pairs of any Trees trim m e d and cut. Call Joe kind Lie., bonded Work guaran- 435 SS11 
! 
" " " " 
" " " " 
T U T O R IN G 
P A IN T IN G g, IN S T R U C T IO N S 

B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H IL D C A R E 
Hauling and m oving w ith pickup truck, 67S-5669. 
Penfox, 35mm *15o. 
654-129o 
I G al. a c r y lic e x te r io r p a in t, 
British ton, 5)4.5o. 673-2816. 
Buy one buy all, baby clothes, for boy baby, J yrs.old. la rg e baby s t r o lle r ,. B o th fo r 27.5o. 135 
M a y b e ll, 655-4742.___________ 

4647 ROOSEVELT 
924-8556, 924-8557 
L ite M oving. Day N ight. Trash 
H a u lin g . S c ra p M e ta l h a u le d owoy tree. 923-4411. 

P H A N TO M F irs t F lig h t woods, 
1-3-4, still in box $85 494-287o 
WANT TO BUY old gasoline and o il a d v e rtis in g , old signs, gas pumps, globes, etc. 654-6879______ 
We buy F u rniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques Glassware etc 

W E E K E N D SALE 
8-track stereo system, Color TV, piano, boy's bedrm . suite, washer a n d d r y e r , e tc 
A ll lik e new , priced to sell. 342-5772___________ 
W estinghouse ro a ste r oven $1o, 
11x11 corpel pad $5 824-9355. 
W ic k e r lo v e s e a t, 2 c h a irs ond coffee toble 3 mo old 344-2o49. 

175 gallon asphalt kettle for roof­ ing, used v e ry little , $8oo. days 
342-4286, eves. 69o-9935.__________ 
Babysitting in home, Pecan V a l­ ley Area, 337-4982, m ornings and evenings. 
Day Core Pre-School ages Mon 
F ri, Reasonable rotes 656 6488 

SUMMER SPECIALS 
14x2o Fam ily Room $44oo 
2ox22 2 Co.- Garage *26oo 
12x2o Patio Slob ond Cover *85o 
434-4529 
SALDANA 
________CONSTRUCTION 

PIANO, grond Steger & Sons, new finish, 5995. 497-3688_____________ 
C A B-O V ER C A M P E R shell fo r 
Courier P U. 5285. 534-326o_______ 
MOVING 
Comm Home-Apt Specialist 
I piece or houseful 
DAY or NITE 
_________ 656 57o5__________ 

GARAGE S A LE : D inette table, c h a irs - fan, la w n c h a ir, m isc 
CALL 826-87o5 
_________ 
Piano, u prig ht, very good condi tion, $525. 822-1748______________ 
C a m e ra , 35m m S e a rs S e k o r, co m p le te w ith w id e ang le and telep hoto c o n ve rsio n lens, lik e new, $1oo. 225-4833.______________ 

A G arcia P a in tin g C o n tra cto r 
Free Est. Int-E xt 734-7846. 
College Student Education M otor, tu to rin g 1st, 2nd, 3rd, g ra d e 
P rivate Session, 655-79)6________ 

3-Piece E o rly A m e ric a n F u rn i­ ture, wood finish, E xcellent Con- dition $6oo, C A LL 733-1215 
____ 

G ard en tra c to r 22Hp w ith im ­ plements 
$4oo w ill deliver 
1-393-2691_______________________ 

Experience babysitting my home oil ages, 658-o93o________________ 
MOVING - D E L IV E R Y SERVICE 
!8Ft. T ruck 628 1385 
ASK P a inting w ith pride , Satis- foction. Free Est. 876 4576_______ 
CO LLEG E S T U D E N T S : E xper lanced h o u s e p a in t# ^ inside and o utsid e R e a so n a b le . F ree es­ tim a te s492J932.________________ 

L ie 
B a b y s ittin g in m y hom e a n ytim e - onv age Reas. U n iv 
City and Liveoak orea. 658 2176 

A S P H A L T 
C arpeting plush shag, off white, approx. 26 sa. yds. Pad can be included. Call 684-344o___________ 
P in b a ll and D ig g e r M achin es, 
$15o. 5 hp m otor 826-6377 Ext. 12 
W urlitzer Spinet piano, exc. cond 
Coll 342-5772.___________________ 
Gas D ryer, I yr old GE Deluxe, 
H arvest Gold, p e rfect condition, 
$125. 699-3513.___________________ 
Y A R D W ORK 
653-3714 anytim e, 655-4*34 eves 
JOHN & ROW LAND BARNES 
Licensed and Bonged Buyers 
We Buy R efrigerators 
734-4237, 7o7 West Ave. 

H O M E I M P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 
A sphalt W ork R epairs and Seal coating 623-5832, free estimates 
5oo plant hanging baskets, cactus, fu rn itu re , g la s s w a re , 3 re c o rd plovers, 3 beauty shop chairs $2o ea., a n tiq u e s and m uch, m uch more. 7o9 E Quincy 227-9748 

W urlitzer, Spinet Piano w ith Stool, 
M ahogany Finish. Like New *55o 
653-24o9. 
____ 

One considerate and caring Reg hours, no weekends. 922 4239 
Carpet, used, orange, nap 8o yds, 
SISO. Beige patio drape, lined, sis 
656-58oo________________________ 
2 Gasoline pumps, for sale, $15o eg. 1-583-2584. 
_________ 
B u y O ld C a r and W R E C K E R 
SERVICE, Call Richard, 337-657o 
Reg. Child Care, West Ave. School prep, ages 1-5, 344-197o__________ 
W ill House sit or B a b ysit, C all 
435-498o M on-Thur aft 6, anytim e weekends! Lynette M ichel.______ 

In te rio r R em odeling and Home 
Improvements. Coll 432 3oo4 
A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W O RK 
18x4 ft round above ground pool, 
$6oo or best offer. 674-3964. 
P a in tin g , I n te r io r , E x te r io r , 
Sheetrock, P a p e rh a n g in g , Pan­ eling, Reasonable Rates Q uality 
Work 337 46o2__________________ 

Gas stove good cond., $4o cash 
341 4 1 4 6 ___________________ 
CB Radio-SBE M alibu Delux 4o 
Channel M obile, I yr. W arran ty, 
89 95. R A D IO M A R T , 64o6 Cal- loghon Rd 341-3594______________ 
CB R a d io -U T AC T R X 5oo, 4o 
Channel m obile w-VHF W eather 
C h a n n e ls . 
P e rfe c t fo r b o a t 
$139.95. R A D IO M A R T , 64o6 Cal- 
Iqghon Rd. 341-3594._____________ 
CEDAR and FIR lum ber. Sell or trade for old beams, gravel, bull dozer w ork, anim als or 
?? 
1-42o-2786___________________• _ 

M O W IN G . 
T r im m in g . 
L ig h t hauling F R E E Est 734 3735 
YARD WORK H AULING , G arage cleaning Call 532 5745________ 
Y A R D 
W O R K 
T r im m in g , hauling Coll 534 1o23____________ 

WE PAY CASH 
For Good Used F urniture 
Pool table , b a r, 2 ice boxes, -6 chairs, 
6 tables, juke box, 
674-7542. 
_____________________ 

INT-EXT. P ainting, taping, float. 
Acoustic. Free Est 923-7615 
Yard S a lt: 5o2 R iverdale, June 5, furn iture , misc. ite m s__________ 
A l C O N S T R U C T IO N . P a tios, foundations, asphalt drive w a ys 
Lie. 534-1668. 
__________ 
Painting C ontractor, Rei-Comm 
Gen repairs. Free Est 922 14o5 
P A IN TIN G 
Reasonable, F R E E Est 223-4124 

Yashico 5ooE cam era, case, fixed lens, 6 til, $55. 623-1473___________ 
G 
E Dishwasher, copper 
$5o 
674-7833________________________ 
POOL T A B L E , s ta n d a rd size 
Nice. $295. Coll 655-8349. 
_ 
H OUSE C L E A N IN G 
416 Doloroso 
DIRT-SAND-GR A VEL 
FILL-TOPSOIL 
I yr. old custom made brown and beige drapes, coordinated sheers tor 12ft. window. $28o. 492-115o. 

AM Types Concrete Work, FREE 
Estim ates 
349-1663 
Ask for 
Rodney. 
___________________ 

GE window AC, 3 x 4ft. wall m ir­ ror, sm all uprig ht piano, 2 porta­ ble re c o rd p la y e rs , desk, a rm chair. 648-3272.______________ 

POOL T A B L E 3 V x 7 V b a r size, good c o n d itio n , $4" sla te, cues, ba lls, and ra c k in clude d. 
Ask for Bob-dav, 226-1437, nights, 
657-2183. 
_________ 

Houseleveling. Reasonable 
Alam o Foundation Co 432-5o5o 
PEREZ A SONS PAINTING 
Int Ext. Free Estim ates, 433-o941 
A 
B arron AM Types D irt Sand 
G rovel Year Round Del 435-6157 
BEST PRICES PROF WORK 
On a ll co n c re te , ro c k and Ma sonry work done now Free Est. 
Coll 734-o7o1, 532-5718 

For That Good Piano 
That you a re not using. Please 
COM M r. Leon at 223-6151 

To Place Y our Ad in this D irectory 
Call Ms Taylor 
At 225-1666 

G IG A N T IC M o vin g Sale - e ve r­ ything rnusl go Antique furniture. 
Columbian wall hangings. African je w e lry , d a rk ro o m e q u ipm ent, u n u s u a l p o s te rs , p ic tu re s , fra m e s. M o vie c a m e ra . T a b le ­ cloths, place m a ts, bed linens, plexiglass cubes, d ra ftin g table, hom em ade p ic k le s , p a tch w o rk p illo w s , Y a m a h a M X b ic y c le , 
3-speed a d u lt b ic y c le . Slow cooker, plants, pots, books, much m ore. M any thing s never used. 
Saturday and Sunday, June 4 and 
5. 91o7 Regal. 344-7164__________ 

J A N IT O R IA L S E R V IC E 
Dirt-Topsoil-Sand-G rovel-Loam 
Ray Hendrix. Delivered 341-2449 
P L U M B IN G 
P o rta b le W asher. Speed Queen 
Spin D ry, $6o. i-625-3o21__________ 
A ir cond., bor, stools, misc. item *. 
Sat-Sun 9-7. 418 O verfull.________ 
Cheap Sale A q u a riu m s, games, baby things, misc. 1918 Oakshire. 
Chicago Im p e ria l Skates B rand new! Coll 661-So83.______________ 

Home Cleaning S e rvices: clean carpel* windows-wa* butt 
653-743)_______________ 

C o ncre te A s p h a lt w o rk , b ric k , c e ra m ic tile , b lo ck p la s te r o r 
What Have You Free Est No lob too big or too sm oll 227-6o93______ 
C o n c re te - 
A s h p o lt, 
P a tio s , 
D riv e w a y s , reasona ble p rice s, 
FR EE Estim ates. 927-5727. Steve 

Sandy lo a m , to p so il, d riv e w a y m aterial, sand gravel 922 2559 
T o p s o il, G ra v e l, D e liv e re d - 
Spread, NW ond NE, 434 11o4 

4o,ooo pounds c a rd b o a rd , both sides smooth. W ill sell as scrap. 
Your pick-up, call John Pingel or 
Rout 
Kim , 
S12-843-2767. 
Make o ffe r__________ 

B ig 
G a ra g e 
S ale 
S e v e ra l 
F a m ilie s- tools, w asher, d ry e r, w ater bed, m isc. 2934 Big Horn. 
June 1-4.________________________ 
SELL YOUR 

SPORTS 

EQUIPM ENT 

A M osier P lum ber Repairs ond 
Remodeling Coll R ichard 
732-5616 o r 435 6669_______ 
China cabinet, w icke r stand, ta ­ bles, chairs, V ictro la , cut glass, much misc. 655-226o Thur-Sun. 

K IT C H E N C A B IN E T S 
Queen, Sealey Posturpedic. extra firm m a ttre ss and box springs. 
$275 Eves. 734-445o_____________ 

E X C A V A T IO N 
S E R V IC E 
BIG G ARAG E SALE 
Household goods, 8-pc chino set, bicycles, clo the s, old b o ttle s , tw in beds­ p re a d s , c u r ta in s , s te re o -T V , ca b in e t, ie w e lry , books, tapes. 
E tc . 
726 
N o ttin g h a m , 
June 
2nd,3rd, 4th, 828-3o8)_________ 

How A b out a New K itc h e n Or 
Refinish your present one Free 
Estimates 534-8846 Anytim e_____ 

• Northside Plumbing S vc • 
We Answer your call tost, We In­ stall new sewers, W ater heaters a 
S p e cia lty. A ll T ype s p lu m b in g re p a irs , u o ra n te e d . 
T e xo s 
Plumbing Co. Inc. Since 1943 41o 
A Brdw y 24 H r Service 826-9582 

Concrete, Patios, walks, drives, addition. Free Estim otes. Frank 
2Syrs. exp. 333 I96o 
___________ 
RCA color TV $2oo, couch *75, 2 rocking choirs $25 826-2o3o. 
R E A L IS T IC 
N o va s te re o speakers, 6 months old. $6o 
927-S4II ■ 
______________ 

E x c a v a tio n and L c n d c le a rin g , h o u rly o r c o n tra c t, back hoes, dozer with operation. 655-5o14. 
Specializing in Concrete Asphalt 
Drivewavs-foundafions-parking lots Day nile 735 13o4 927-2737 

Solid oak, l l ' long in b e a u tifu l condition, lim ite d q u a n tity. 1131 
Bosse, 733-7367, 734-3o81._________ 
Buy y o u rs e lf the s p o rt­ in g e q u ip m e n t y o u 'v e 

 b e e n w a n tin g . 
You ll 

 fin d g re a t buys in 

 to d a y 's W a n t A ds. 

L A N D S C A P IN G 
Glass Coffee Table and Sofa. Very 
Good Condition. 341-9454.________ 
G arage Sale-Sat and Sun., June 
4-5. 6494 S U L P H U R SP RING S 
RD. 648-3o34______________ 
Clothes fo r short ladies, dresses, pantsuits, sizes 14 th ru 16. Nice but cheap. 656-58)1______________ 
Color TV A d m iral 19” convertible, real nice $145. 344-99o5__________ 

Gold Card M em bership in Thou- sand Oaks Co Club $9oo. 349-3548 
LANDSCAPING 
Free Est. G rass s h ru b s, rock 
O'Connor and 
Randolph 
Call 
656-4725.________________________ 

P lum bing R e p a irs, rem odeling, additions, 
Recs 
Free 
Est 
434-4489 
Site P re p a ra tio n , lond c le a rin g and oth e r G e n e ra l E x c a v a tio n 
W ork 
JO 45o-C T ra c k L o a der, 
B a c k h o e a n d r ip p e r, D u m p 
Truck 222-859) Poy Night_______ 

Gold vinyl reclining chair, almost new, $35. 226-9777._______________ 
G A R A G E S A L E : 5 fa m ilie s , p la n ts, clo th and m isc. Thurs. th ru S a t: F ro m 1o-7P M 
87o7 
W urzbach Rd. off F redericksburg 
R d 
. ______________________ __ 

Low prices High Q uality concrete w ork Call M r. Concrete, 223-5667, 
223-5115. 
___________________ 
D uplicate m oney receip t books, 
Ea. book has 15oo receipts, 12 ea page. 4o% Discount 822-5663 
It's smart, profitable 

 and so easy. 
Call now 

 for an Ad 

G oit clubs p ro lin e right-handed firs t flig ht irons 2-9 *1oo, M i*, pul­ le rs, pool ca rts, bags 7.5o each 
P roline le ft-h anded W ilson X-31 iro n s 2-TW woods I-2-3-4 *225. 
Misc. left-handed woods $1o Call 
661-6965_________________________ 

P L O W IN G - B U L L D O Z IN G 
E X C A V A T IN G 
COLOR TV B eautiful 25” console 
E xcellent condition $16o, CALL 
824-97o8__________________~ 

L A W N C A R E 
R e frig e ra to r, fro s t fre e , good condition, $15o 824-8731_______ 
A P P L IA N C E S 
S E R V IC E R E P A IR 
Garage Sale: June 3, 4, 5. Io-7PM 
Some fu rn ltre , m isc, e le ctro n ic p a rti 256 W estm inster___________ 
F L O O R IN G 
Complete Lawn Service Ft. Sam 
Area. 226-777o or 675-o729__ 
R efrigerator, W asher, Like New, 
Rouge, A ntique Buffet, 673-7489 
Rifle, 27o W inchester, single shot­ gun. 
E le ctric fishing m otor. 
6 5 3 -2 9 8 8 .____________________ 

C olor TV, 25” Console, excellent condition. $15o 824-2844 hlering I 
Color TV, good condition, *75. Or 
Color TV, 25" console, like new. 
>175.924-3978. 
____ 

CUSTOM G A R D E N PLO W IN G 
AND T IL L IN G . C A LL 924-2)17. 
IS 22$ -1*66 
( X P P ! * * A N D N tW S 
___ 

 p i Act r o u e w A N t ad 
IN t n t ( X PR O S N I w s 
C A II 2 7 5 -1 6 6 6 

'76 Toyota pickup. 16,ooo m i., oir, 
4 spee d. T a k e up p a y m e n ts 
$111.69 Call 828 2883 

W a sh e r d r y e r , gen a p p lia n c e repair, work guar. 
924 1S71 
923-2411________________________ 

Garage sale-mtsc item s, June 4-5 
1oAM-5PM. 2115 H a rpe r*. F erry 
In Adams H ill___________________ 
Golf club*, P roLine, woods, iron, bags, putters. Cal! 826-67o6 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5, 1977 

932 AUCTION SALE 
93? - AUCTION SALE 
932 AUCTION SALE 

FIVE DAY ESTATES AUCTION 
A? The Auction Arena 
16o1 N. Mesquite - Corpus Christi 
STARTS Friday, June IO at 6 p.m. 
Saturday, June l l at I 2 Noon 
Sunday, June I 2 at I P.M. 
M onday, June I 3 at 6 P.M. 
Tuesday, June 14 at 6 P.M. 

INJECTION: from IO A.M. Thursday and fridoy fro*. 
ADMISSION TO AUCTION $? per perron per day 

SHUNG ON COMMISSIONS contents of fine 22 room Refugio home and other estates Mony fine Oriental, 
Persian, etc rugs appraised values from few hundreds to S2o.ooo fine Pointings fine antiques in mony categories french furniture, Victorian, fmpire. Collectable oak, etc Gold leaf mirrors, large and small Beautiful porcelains and porcelain centerpieces, in Meissen, Dresden, Sevfes, Royal Vienna, Etc Many Pieces, some outslan ding, in steeling and sterling silver Selechons old rutgloss, old satin gloss, Stueben, lo lique lino 179o piano, 
Hepplewhrte style legs Oak piano fine Baldwin piano Ok) Violin other instruments Sets of dishes, Haviland, 
Rosenthal, etc Beautiful lamps, lustres, candelabras, figurines large french bird cage fernery Nostalgia items os barber choir, Hebo*, iron woshpot, etc. Collections old toys, dolls living, dining, bedroom furnishings, modern, semi modern Tools, typewriters, televisions, electric orgons, appliances, etc Bo* lots of linens, housewares, giftware*, books, etc 
★ A b o u t 1 5 o o S e p a ra te Lots ★ 

G et Brochure and M ore inform ation at Arena 
M O O RE & M OORE 
AUCTIONEERS 

-8 8 3 -7 7 4 5 
Tx-G C -77-ooo7 

DOGS, CATS, OTHER PETS 

936 DOGS OATS BIROS PETS 
936 POSS CATS BIRDS PETS 

FARM A RANCH 
TRADING PRST 

LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 
948 LIVESTOCK FEED ;nfOS 
Festival S.A. opens Friday 

OLD ENGLISH SHEEPDOG 
In tic* Eighteen*) Century, when th# Old b iytiiti Sheepdog was used 
♦o drive theep end ta ttle to the m whetplote, the tho*?-dock elf tall exempted It horn taxation e t e working dog. Plow, In epHe of Iti largo tit# and weight, It make* an intelligent and atte ct lo note haute dog and a tplendld though not ferpdom w otth dog. 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
T rem endous reduction* 
P ian o a n d organs. 

. . . A from 
Traditional, ipunisb, or Italian Provincial. 

Baby gconds: Baldwin, Mason end Hamlin, (bickering 
Spinet style pianos, like new 
$ 5 o 5 
Shop w ith us and save lo w overhead 

N A V A R R O 
P I A N O C O M P A N Y 

17o2 N. Colorado 
7 3 4 -6 4 6 3 

V a n N o rm a n H o riz o n ta l m ill i $ 17 SO. M o re y P r o file r- M illin g 
Mach. $25o M icro matte Lapper 
$1 4 "x 8 ” $75o. H y d ra u lic Pump and R e s e v io r $125. V a ria b le 
Speed Gear M otors.Into Red d ry ­ ing oven 3 3 "x 2 4 "x 19" $35 H y­ draulic Doney needs repair $25. 
Industrial V e nturing Blowers 3 hp 
$125 (B elow C ost) 
W ill accept any reasonable offers Badly need 
Storage space 
824-7276 or 
494 37o5________________________ 
" WISCONSIN AND KOHLER 
Replacement engines Ports and service. R e b u ilt and exchange. 
Single thru V4 824-2o91. 

Come to the fa rm and get your peaches. $6 bushet. 534-7178 
CUCUMBERS: large quantity, all sizes. You pick, bring containers 
Mike Naegelin, 772-3565 Lytle.___ 
F R E E S T O N E P E A C H E S , IS cents lb at Keefer’s, v» mi. South of H w y 9o b rid g e on lo w e r Lo 
Cosie Rd in Castroville. 
PEACHES, $6_*Bushel, $5 if you pick 
B rin g co n ta in e r O eserel 
Farm s, (F rio City Rd.) Lytle, Tx 
IO M i South Loop 4)o and IH35 
656 5869 SAM to 7PM.____________ 

A A AKC SHIH T2U PUPS 
Males, Females, Shots, 342-7o3o 

Adorable AKC Vorkie Pops 
Male, femnle. I sm 5 mo fem to loving homes No small children. 
824 4327________________________ 
Adorable AKC Toy Choc Poodle i Puppies. 534-1655__________ _ 
Adorable flu ffy block and w hite half Lhoea Apse puppies M other 
AKC. $35. 344-9546_______________ 
A F G H A N H O U N D 
T op Show quality Sire Ch Ares; Dam Ch. 
Mandi, must sell, 684-4654 
Afghan Puppies tor sole 
Borboro________________ 69o-959o 

AKC Alaskan Malamute puppies, shots, w orm ed, g u a r 
Sire, Dam free of hip dysplasia ch. blood.681-1267 696-6867_______ 
AKC Basset, 7 wks, female, red and white $65. 674-54o4. 

A u s tra lia n c a ttle dog (b lu e heeler) pups, $75 512 398 38o3 
B E A U TIFU L G olden-haired pup­ pies SIS eo. 433-6598, 341-o18o. 
B e a u tifu l O ld E n g 
S heepdog pups, AKC, shots $2oo 494 5427 
Beautiful Persian Kittens, 2 males 
$25 and $5o. Silver Tabby Brown 
; Tabby, 
Papers, guaranteed. 
824-6971.________________________ 
Beautiful reg C hinchilla Persian kittens $45 and $5o 681-3636 
B e autifu l Sheltie, 2 y r fem ale. 
Small obedient, $5o. 826 8o31. 
Beautiful Silky T e rrie r Showdog for sole $25o, coll 497-3652________ 
Blond Cocker poo puppy, male 3 m o i $6o. White Toy Poodle mix, mole $4o 623-3)28. 
__ 
Bo rder C o llie P u p p ie s 
Lin e s 
$25 $5o 333 6298 

THE PUREBLOOD SIMMENTAL 
SALE OF 1977 

Selling 35 Im ported Simmental. 

25 Bulls-IO Females. 

M onday, June 13, 1977 I p.m . 

ARD E RICHARDSON RANCH 

Pipe C re e k , Tx. 

3 o miles N orthw est 

 o f San Antonio on Hwy I 6. 

Contact: Bert and Ruben Reyes 

I 18 N akom a, San Antonio, Tx. 7 8 2 1 6 

5 1 2 -3 4 9 -2 1 8 5 

AKC B eagles F ie ld Ch lines. 6 wks. $65. 922-6681. 
B lood 

AKC Block Cocker fem ale, I y r old. HOO 653 1879 

AUCTION SALE 

ORGANS 
PIANOS f HAMMOND fVFRlTT 

RODGERS 
HAWAII 

(ABU NELSON 

New From s495 

Used From *195 

425 N. Main 224-5526 

Wonderland 732-8529 

,North Star 
344-o248 

 jt J** rizA 
$2o.oo A Month Rant* 
A BALDWIN BIANO 
(Un* Applies on Pvrchat* 
SIMS BALDWIN 
$ 2 3 lo c k h i ll -S w lm a Rat. 
3 4 4 -4 I3 * 
W in d s o r P o r k M a ll 
A M - o 7 7 7 ik-JS. .Al i i 

I 

Get Ready fo r S u m m er B a nd! 
Besson Trum pet. 2-2o Silver, used 

 only 6 rnos $15o 661-3895.________ 
LOW ERY Spinet P iano Ebony 
SMH) cosh J oe A Voider, 733 7922 
ORGANS ond PIANOS REN TE D 
I option to buy-no tim e lim it 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
14oo NOGALITOS 
223-6151 
5235 W ALZEM RD. 
654 6661 

Sunn c o n c e rt c o n tr o lle r , 
2 speaker cabinets, 3 anes, paid 
$22oo. sell $14oo, 1-277-2o61 at16pm 

P E A V E Y PA 4oo W like new, 
$45o or best otter. 333-5236. ____ 
PIANO, upright, very good condi­ tion. $525 822 1748 
S pinet P iano, W in te r M usette 
$7oo 492-1265 O r 344 8965. 

YAMAHA YC3o Organ Excellent co nd ition. M ust see to b elieve . 
$85o. 224 9897. rn mum 

I ATTEN TIO N G ARD ENERS AND 
IHOME OWNERS fertilize, canell lion and aerate your lawn or g a r­ den NATUR E S WAY w ith RED 
WORMS. $4.95 per 1,ooo or $9,5o per 2,ooo. Phone 656-8412 SAM 
2PM 
D a m a g e d 8’ x i2 ’ g re e n h o u s e 
Terms Free delivery. 924-5oo3 
Rare T ro p ic a l Seeds Send fo r tre e cata lo g u e . H u ro v 's Seeds 
Dept-EN Box 1o387, Honolulu. HI 
96816 

926 MACHINERY TOOLS 

W 
W 
W 
M 
W 
W 
W 
AIR COMPRESSORS 
NEW 
Tank Mounted with 
Factory Guarantee 
3 h p ..................... $ ASO 
5 h p ..................... $ 6 9 5 
IO h p ..................$ ->95 
2 5 h p ..................$ 2 3 9 5 
Other sizes also available 
Calf us for 
Hee. 
Hoists, 
Overhead 
Cranes, 
Hee. 
Motors. 
W m. SMITH EHC. CO. 
85o2 Speedway Driye 
3 4 9 - 4 2 5 1 
4 A A A A A A A I W 
W 
W A / 

A U C T I O N 
Rom or Shine—On the Premises 
WEDNESDAY JUNE IS - II AM 
LIQUID FERTILIZER PLANT 
CORNETT ENTERPRISES 
MAHAN STREET 
PORT LAVACA, TEXAS 

Directions to Location; '/? mi. Cost of Hwy 87 on Hwy 35 to League 
Rd (FAR 3o84) go South to Mahon, then left on Mahan to R.R Tracts. 
See Cornett Enterprises Sign 

UST OF EQUIPMENT 8 TRUCKS, plus 4o-tons Potash 

I — Big A 7ooo fertilizer Ap plicofor S/N772I5, complete with attachments 
6— 5ooo Gal Fiberglass portable stand-up tonks, Red Fwaid 
Units 
4— 12,ooo 
Gol, steel tonks w/plumbing package 
I— 5 ton Ferguson 
Blending 
Plant w/plumbing & elec 
(mal system 
I— 9o ton Bulk Rail & Blow potosb Plant w 'rolling crane, auger system, electrical system 
I — 1ooo gal 
Fiberglass Bulk tine Plant, Red Ewold Unit. 
3— Portable pomp units for fertilizer 
I — Portable 3" sludge pump 
5— Misc, hand tools, hoses and ports 
APPROXIMATELY 
4o TONS 
POTASH 
19/4 
4-Wheel 
Orive 
Chevrolet Vt-ton Pickups 
197) Ford Vt Ton Pickup 
1969 Chrysler 4-dr Sedan 

TERMS CASH, CASHIERS CHECK OR 
CHECK with letter of credit from your bunk 

INSPECTION Auctioneer will be on premises 7 (fays prior lo sale June 
13 8 14,9 AM lo 6 PM 

SALE HELO FOR BENEFIT OE SMALL 
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 

For further information 8 brochure, contact 

<o1. RALPH SEGARS 
8 ASSOCIATES 
S924 ROYAL LANE It IOO 
DALLAS, TX 7523o 
(214) 369-8252 
U i« e«mil a n es 77 OOI! 

ADAMS 8 ADAMS 
Professional Auction Service 
Appraisals and Liquidations 
512 855 62o6 
TXgS-77 oo62, oo63 

PEACHES-Pick your own Scholl 
F a rm s 
O rg a n ic a lly g ro w n peaches. $7 5o bushel. 5 mi. so. of 
M arble Falls on Ronch-Mkt 2I47E o ff H w y 281 
8 AM -7 PM . O pen wk ends I 693 4188 

AKC block Ty Poodles, 7 wks old, also female I yr old $1oo. each 
822 1 o94. 
AKC Boston T e rrie r female 9-mos 
$125. Call 922 7513 
_ 
AKC Boxer Puppies, Show Q uoit 
♦y, 696-o223 ofter 6 p.m._________ 

942 Farm 

New H olland S tring B aler, exc. cond. P-Z Cvclom ower, 8 blades 
G reat for 
Coastal 
Grass. 
512-393-2o99 
SN FORD $9oo As Is, Runs Good 
37o8 S Flores. 
9N Ford tra cto r and shredder in good condition. 621-2251 
ROCK P IC K E R , h y d ra u lic con tro l lift. 23o1 Nogolitos, 534-6711 

THE TORGERSON CO 
739 Steves 
533 5145 
TR EN C HING 
IOO Ft. • 1o,ooo ti w a te rlin e s . and b u rie d cables. 
337-8oo1. 8 a m. - IO p m. _______ 
USED M odel 282 New H o lla n d 
Baler $2395 
TH E TORGERSON CO 
533 5145, 739 STEVES 
USED Self Propelled W indrow er 
$22oo 
E W A L D FO R D T R A C ­ 
TORS, IH IU HWY 46. Seguin, Tx 
I 379-4591 

AKC B ritta n y Spaniel P uppies 
E x t Bloodline, 341 561o 
AKC B ritta n y Spaniel Puppies 
Excellent bloodline 141-561o 
AKC Champion blood line Dober m an p u p s, 6 w ks., a ll s h o ts , wormed, weaned. Red and black 
Call M rs. Hall 732-1847 656-2847 
AKC C ocker Pups, B uff, Shots, wormed, $125. 69o-1316. 
AKC C o cke r S paniel P u p p ie s , 
Blonde Females. 633-2729. 

AKC CdlCXER SPANIELS 
BLONDE 
656-782o 
AK C C o llie s, C h am p ion s ire d , male and female Adults 824-1718 
AKC Dachshund Pups $5o 
674 3o82 
AKC Dachshund Pups $5o 
674 3o82 
Q u ic k raises Rosie D882671 
AKC Doberman Red male, $25o at 
Stud, anytim e. 661-6878. 

MIC Eng. Spnnoer Pups 
Ch Bt stud. VTA 3892 
AK C E ng 
S p rin g e r P u p p ie s , 
Reduced to half price 674-o179 
AKC Fem ale Dachsund. 9-mos. old, fine pedegree. 344-2555 
AKC G erm an Shepherd puppies 
Best quality exc 
Tem peram ent 
654-6687 j AKC Golden R e ce ive r Puppies, 
I Show Background. 8 wks, shots, worm tree, 828 3855 824 45o 
AKC Golden R etriever Pups, field and show background 681-393o; 
681 3593. 
AKC Irish Setter Pups 
Reasonable 
• 
655-9192 

Sell no longer n e e d e d household item s in the 
Ix p res s-N ew s 

AKC Iris h S etter P uppies, Ch 
Bloodlines, wormed, shots. 
623-4423,________________________ 
AKC Irish Setters, $75, worm ed, shots 732-4833__________________ 
AKC Lab Pups, 12 wks, I Yet, 2 
Blk* Must Sell 492-9394._________ 

 akc labradors 
Yellows Blks-Choc s 826-3393. 
AKC LHASA APSO PUPS 
Shots, no wor ms, $125. 344-8ooo 
AKC, M ale W iem araner, 8 wks, 
Champ, blood line, $125. 684-4743 
AKC M in ia tu re L o n g h a ir Dach- shund Pups, 585-up. 649-2133. 
AKC Min Schnauzer Pups I own 
Sire and Dam. 659 1157._______ __ 
AKC Pekingese, 2 mos old Dark 
Mate Pup. 344-8148.______________ 
AKC Pekingese Puppies For Sale 
____________648-1727____________ 
AKC POODLE Puppies, B lacks j o nd Whites 5 wks old. 534-9o42. 
• • • AKC POODLES •«* 
I Toys ond s m a ll m in ia tu re s , 
I apricot or white. 344-797o. ______ 
AKC Reg Basset Hound Puppies, 
! Ch. Sired. 349-8967. 
AKC 
Reg. 
349-1835 

BOXERS, AKC Reg Male, 9 mos; fem a le, 16 mos. F a w n co lo re d with black muzzle P refer to sell os pair 
Ideal for breeding, 
658-o5oo 
B u ff C o cke r P u p p ie s , S hots, wormed, no papers $5o 924 o478 
SIAMESE 
OC 
POINT 
KITTENS 
7 wks, box train 432-6767 
Ch Sired AKC Silkey T erriers. 6 wks, make reservations now 
349-o947 
Ch Sired W eim araner Puppies 
Elmendorf 
• 
1-392 6754 
C a c k e r-P o o p u p s , 
9 w ks, 
3 apricots, 3 whites 
$35 to $4o. 
435-7671 
Cocker Spaniels AKC, I male-1 female, SI25. 653-98o4, 341-1o88 
Collie puppies, I male, I female. 
For more inform ation coll 
1-42o-2o64 
C ollie Puppies, fu llb lo o d e d , no papaers. Sable W hite, w orm ed. 
Fem $4o. Seguin 1-379-1849. 
Eskimo-Spitz pups, 6 wks, $35 up. 
534-1983 
For Sole Fem ale B u ff C olored 
Cocker 
Spaniel 
Reg. 
$1oo 
657 281o. 

RANCHERS 

BRUSH SPRAYING 
CAN SAVE YOU $ $ $ 

G ardner Flyers, Inc. would like to help you 

 grow m ore grass. Spray your mesquite with 

245T or 
Tordon and reep the maximum 

 benefit from your grass. Let us show you 

 proof o f recent im provem ents in brush 

 spraying. 

2 5 Years E x p e rie n c e 

 c o n t a c t .- 
Lefty G ardner 
(5 1 2 ) 565 -4 7 8 2 

Henry G ardner (5 1 2 ) 2 7 5 -6 9 2 7 

FOR S A LE - L o o k in g fo r good home for AKC G erm an Shepherd, 
5 y r old m ale, b la c k and re d ­ dish-tan F a m ily pet, e x c e lle n t with sm all children. 658-3o65. 
FREE FE M A LE KITTE N S 
CALL 435-3527 
FR E E KITTE N S, p o rt Siamese, males, females, 6 wks. 656-o728. 
FREE KITTENS, box trained 
684-5839 
F R E E K IT T E N S , 7923 P IN E 
BROOK, .142-3o5o 
F R E E K IT T E N S . 7 w k s , box trained 
Hollywood 
Park. 
494 5658 
G e rm a n S h o rth a ire d P o in te r 
Pups Ch Sire and Dom Elm en­ dorf 1-393-6754 
G reat Danes, AKC, B la cks and 
Harlequins. 6 wks old. shots and wormed. Austin 282-o895 

R io G ra n d e V a lle y 

C h a ro la is B re e d e rs A s s o c ia tio n 
3RD ANNUAL CHAROLAIS SALE 
1oO Head 
5o Bulls 
SO Cows 

Top quality purebred and percentage Charolais 
Also some Charbray 
Tuesday, June 21, 1977 , 7:OO P.M. 

C a ttle m a n ’s E xch an g e o f H w y 28 1 
E d in b u rg , T e x a s 

GREAT DANES 
Champion sired 1-755-4696 
G S P Pups fro m G e rm a n Im ­ port AKC. 674-31o7 a tte r 5. 
H a lf C ollie, h a lf B o rd e r C o llie pups. 5 wks. 3 moles 1-625-3o4o 
Half Shepherd, Holt Fox T e rrie r 
Pups tor sale 633-2479.___________ 
H IM A L A Y A N K IT T E N S , Reg 
55o-up. 922-1791._________________ 
Hounds Bred to r Coon and Cat, 
Some trained, also puppies. 
655-2598________________________ 
IRISH SETTER PU PP IES 
__________$5o 673 3799__________ 
I L a b ra d o r R e trie v e r. 2 yrs old, fe m a le , p u re b re e d , p a p e rs available, $3o Coll 655-7842.______ 
Lhasa Apso Pups, AKC Reg., 
I shots, w o rm ed, In te r n a t'l Ch 
Sired 655-72o9 otter 6:3o. ._______ 
L ha sa Apso P ups, AK C R eg., shots, w o rm e d , In te r n a t'l Ch. 
Sired 655-72o9 atter 6:3o_________ 
M ixed poodle puppies, SIS 
119 
Barbara, 828-3673 

Kaiser 
Alum inum -Covered 
FARM, RANCH, 
UTILITY BUILDING 
Economical, durable 
♦ 15% cooler, color choice 
♦ Exterior guarantees 
♦ Quick, professional erection on your site 

STURDY 
STRUCTURES, INC. 
1 5 9 9 9 Son P e d ro A v e n u e 
San A ntonio, T ex a s 7 8 2 3 2 
CALL GEORGE HUNT 
(COLLECT; > 1 2 /4 9 4 - 3 3 1 8 
© 

Flatbed Trailers - 16’x6'5" 

Horse T ra ile r Special $995 
South Texas T ra ile r Sales 
San Antonio: 658-9o6o 
Seguin: 379-2o87 j FOR S A LE : 2 H ereford Cows with 
I Beef M aster, Cross Calves $25o lea. 1-667-1376 

5mo fe m a le Eng B u lld o g pup, shots, papers $35o 337-458o att 
6pm 
8 month W eim araner, a ll shots, 
$5o Call 69o 1583 
7 mo old White male Tov Poodle. 
494-2827 ofter 5 p.m. 

Basset puppies all 

: 4 mo Spitz with papers $8o or best 
Otter 494-6951___________________ 

“ KEY TO G REATER SALES” 
Grover Howell Co. Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx 
TXGC-77 OI54 
S A O ffice 
11o31 Wye Orive 
Allen Howell (512) 656-113o 
__ 
197o 
C 1-6oo T ro c to r Loa ded 
Backhoe 648-1131, 656 2678. 
Brand New, 8', IS ga. Sheet Metal 
Broke, Brand New 22 ga Lock term er. Both $175o. 1-444 4174. 
C la rk f o r k lif t, used, 6ooo lb ., pneumatic tires, new paint Good cond ition 48" fo rk s . 12o" lift 
$55oo 226 8271 

Oitch W itch of C entral Texas 
Sales—Service—Parts 
New and Used Trenchers 
Call 625 7211, New Braunfels 
F O R D Low C e nte r of G ra v ity , 
M odel 3ooo T ra c to r w ith R otary 
C utler, Exc. Cond 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533-5145, 739 Sieves 
FOR SALE OR LEASE 
Ooziers, Scrapers and Blade 
Call 1-885-4457 o r 1-885 7144 
FO UNDATIO N RIG 
SET UP FOR SALE 
V icto r Mello 626 2174 

Construction Lit! 
American 6ooo lb., lifts 22tt.. large tires for rough te rra in use $5ooo. 
Other lifts, al! sizes-types. 
Braubach Equipment, 736 1659 
4 c y l. C o n tin e n ta l m o to r, h y ­ draulic operated gear ratio. RT4, ca p a city size 2U2 J a e g e r Hy drohoist. 534-1898. 7626 S. Presa 

938 POUtTRY RABBITS BEES 
A sso rte d C h icke n and D ucks, t 393 2o94 
C H IC K E N 
A N D 
P O U L T R Y 
SWAP M E E T O P E N A G A IN 
Laying Hens $1.5o ea 626-2)74 
4 Drakes, 2 liens, I Gander For 
Sale 633-2479. 
Grown T urkeys ond Rabbitts or trade for laying hens or peacocks 
1-625-3o21 
________________ 
1ooo Laying Hens for Sale Si 25 ea. 
B rin g ow n c o n ta in e rs . 
1-663-2741 otter 4pm. 

75o ft 2.o W elding Cable. 8oc ti 
333-9292.______________________ _ 
G rader Model D, 1967, Real Good 
Condition 734 2328______________ 
H igh Pressure hot w ater cleaner 
M o u n te d on T a n d e m t r a ile r 
C leons a n y th in g . A lm o s t new. 
S i,IOO ( ’ /P rice ). 734 6675 tn g e rs c tl R and 18oo R P M a ir com pressor, GR25o ro ta ry, 6 cyl 
C o n tin e n ta l m o to r A re a l b a r­ gain! 534 1398, 7626 S P resa _____ 

JOHN DEERE 4o1A 
197? 62 Hp Diesel In d u stria l Trac to r 3 p l hoo kup w ith tro n te n d loader and box scrapper w ith rip ­ per 
A lso has O stia a p p ro v e d canopy $625o, can del. 694-9218 or 
,695-32o5.______________________ _ 
■9-K cat, No 12 M o to r G ra d e r, 
52695. W ill consider trade for fron t jer.d loader 333-213o 621-2o19 
(Late m odel 6 w ay D o zer, good 
■condition, Canyon Lake 1-935-2117 
•73 Massey Ferguson Model 25oo diesel fo rk lift w ith JI Va ft mast. 
____________________ _ 
E xcellent condition C all D enzil 
P A R M A LL B w ith planters and 

MERCHANDISE 
MART 

Call 
225-1666 

J u s t s a y “ C h a r g e I t " 

Theres 
Money 
Hidden 
In Your 
Home! 

AKC Reg Chow Puppies B lack. 
I 995 3393 Days; 1-995-3785 att 6. 
AKC Reg C o cke r S p a n ie ls, I female 5 mos, Butt $75 I m ale 4 yrs Golden SSO. 661 5258. 

N eutered, Declawed W hite Per sign Cot, 3 yrs old 828-5456 aft 6 
Old Eng Sheepdog Pups, AKC 
Ch. Bloodline $2oo up 826-5759 

PARROTS e 
655oo56 
AKC Reg Doberman Pups Tak­ ing deposits on 3-black and tan m oles, l-red mole. Call 648-o256. 
AKC Reg Irish Setter Pups $1oo 
Pick of Litter 674-85oo 

Peek a-poos, $5o 
733-1336 

AKC registered Doberman pups 
Black ond rust 6 wks old. 118 Hwy 
81 South 922-9859 
AKC R e g iste re d L a b ra d o r Re- trievers, $5o. 344-6154____________ 
AKC R e g iste re d G erm an S h e­ pherd Pups, 7 weeks old, Health 
1 certificates and shots 
Devine 
663-2326_______________________ 
AKC Reg. M ini Poodle Pups, a tte r 
6 p m. 826-1663__________________ 
AKC reg Pekingese pups, preg- nont females, $75 up 922-2372 
AKC 
S a m ove d p u p s , s h o ts , j wormed, 
1-358-88o8 eves ond w k e n d s ____________________ 
AKC Scottish T e rrie r Stud S e r­ vice I 3/9-8323 

PEK A POO PU P P IE S , m ales 9 wks $5o 534-9615___ 

*334o 
?4x8 felps Heovy-Duty Semi Eq. 
Trailer, Dove Tail. 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
1-772-3634 Lytle 622-93oo 

Persian Petabtes with Alley Spice 
Kittens. SIO-UP 696-2889. 
Playful, loveable, D alm atian pup­ pies. Wormed. $4o ea. 653-3o52 
P O O D LE , A p ric o t Toy 7 m os, male 696-4755. 

Poodles 
822-9291 

AKC Shelties Beauty and love in a s m a ll p a c k a g e . Id e a l fo r obedience 658-5564__________ 
AKC SIB E R IA N HUSKY PUPS 
Reasonable 342-8973 
AKC SIB E R IA N HUSKY PUPS, 
Line Bred, Ch. Bloodlines. Block and White, some with blue eyes. 
Our Dogs are bred from sled ra c ­ ing oarenpts. *2oo Nunbil s Has kies, Coll tor apt. 342 8973 

I Pr. Em erald Toucans w ith or- nate cage $3oo 494-3897._________ 
P u reb red Min. Poodle Puppies 
$35, weaned, cosh only, 696-3979. 
Reg E nglish Setters, I m ale, I temple. 3 mos old. 494-2oo5 5-3295 
Reg German Shepherd P uds *75. 
333-4136 ofter 6 p .m. w kdays 
Reg 
Red and ru s t D o b e rm a n 
P in s c h e r p u p p ie s 
S h o ts a n d worm ed Males, $125; Fem ales, 
] $1oo. R e gistered G e rm a n She­ p h e rd pups, b la ck and s ilv e r. : 
I Males,$4o, Females. $3o 1226 W 
Villoref. 

REGISTERED 
BLUETICK PUPS 

TEX. TR. BANGING 

KENNELS 

These Puppies ore 6 wks. old and C ham pionship 
Bred 
MALE 
FEMALE 
Days 
2 2 7 -1 3 1 1 
Niles 
3 4 2 -7 6 3 5 

HAY H A U LIN G 
C ALL 494-684o 
H e re fo rd C a ttle : 2 E x c 
Reg 
B u lls , 3 C o m m e ric a l B u lls . I 
Heifer 492 9626. 

•HEREFORD COWS* 
7 3Yr old cow s, 3 w ith calves. 
$175o. Coll 1-625-3562 eves 

Reg Siamese Kittens, I Bluepoint male, 
I 
Lilac fem ale 
$4o ea 
661-2219. 

AKC S iberian Husky Stud S e r­ vice. Copper ond W hite; B la ck and White Males. Exc Conform a­ tion. Proven Studs $15o Call fo r 
Appt. Nonbil's Huskies 342 8973. 

REG. SIAM ES E K IT T E N S , AM 
Colors Available 653-o295._______ 

AKC SIBERIAN STUD SERVICE 
342-8973. 
AKC. Sm all M in i F lu ffy Poodle 
Puppies 5 Wks SBS 349-8974 

ROB CARY KE N N ELS 
BOARDING: Dog and Cats 
GROOMING: All Breeds 
Ohed Classes S ta rtin g June 13 and 14, Puppy Training (7wks - 4 m os) B a sic (6 mo a n d o ld e r) 
Novice. Come Visit Our Beautiful 
New F a c ilitie s . C A R Y L F E N ­ 
N ELL. 494 7787 

AKC St Bernard puppies 
229 o69o 
A K C Y E L L O W L A B O R A D O R 
R E TR IE V E R , I yr. ternate, M ust 
Sell! Best otter. 684 26ei 

612 S a ber G e rm a n S h e p h a rd m oles, reg. A m e ric a n K e nnel club, shots recorded and papers 
$8o 333-5o42 

AKC Yorkie P u p s , Stud Service 
735-685) 
734-273o 
AKC YORKIE PUPS 
684 1566 

Sheltie P uppies 8 w ks, m oles females New Braunfels 1-625-o585 
Shepherd-Lab M ixed, 2 m ale, I female 2 mos. 492-99o9. 

AKC YORKIE PUPS 
F e m a le s ___________ 
684-J689 
ALASKAN M ALAM U TE Puppies 
AKC Reg.Ch. Bloodlines. 433-347) 
O ft 5 :3o 

2o A cres co a sta l a n d Johnson grass. You cut, bale, and haul 
$45o. 1-663-59oo__________________ 

A-HALE T R A ILE R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; to r Sale or Rent 
Also feed B a rrels w ith Lids 
SLIMP O IL CO. O ff IH 37 
533-5151 
6o4 
C arolina nites 
344-7215 

HORSE AUCTION 
Sunday, June 5 at I PM 
AM K inds of h o rs e s ; New and 
Used Tack C o nsign m en ts wet- 
I come. Somerset Livestock Sates. 
! 622-9216. 
Horses and Tack, Bought, Sold and Traded. 658-7735. 
2 Horses, 3 yr F illy, 12 yr Mare 
$3oo or best O tte r 622-3164. . 
2 Horse T ra ile r, new paint and floor W ill Trade 434-7542 

Appaloosa Mare, G randdaughter of Dudes Bonanza, lots of color. 
824-55o8. 
Appaloosa m are. Blue Roan, with saddle, b lanket, b rid le , h a lte r. 
$55o. 648-2343 

RALLISON S 
FARM 
AND 
RANCH 
Special '« m ile Barb W ire $13.-95. 
$125 PTO C a ttle o n d W eed 
S p ra y e r $1o7 5o. C a ttle B ack 
Rubbers 
$1o 95, 
2-4o 
Weed 
Killers. 
Shop KALLISONS F irst 
-1o25 Nogolitos 
222-8411 

A (JHA Gelding, Gentle. 2 yr Filly 
Greenbroke. 1-772-3593 
AQHA-PHBA P alom ino 5tud Colt, 
I y r 
Sure C a s h -P la u d it Bred 
Good Color size $3oo 333-5o39 
A u s tra lia n c a ttle dog heeler) pups, $75 512-398-38o3 
B a by C a lv e s $3o-$5o. G ra s s 
Calves $6o-51 IO. 922-8449. 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E very Sat. Livestock and ranch supplies, consignments welcome. 
12 mi. SW S A Macdona, Tx_____ 
(b lu e I M are, S pirited but Gentle. Adult or Exp youth $3oo. 497-3534.______ 
M ILK COW FOR SALE 
633-oo29 
B A ILIN G COASTAL, $1.25 Also 
Johnson 
Grass, 
$i OO 
684-1275 
Gerfers. 
Baling Sunday, M aize and John­ son Grass 9oc. Att 5, 333-5149, 
333 5313. 

B E LA R U S D IE S E L TRACTOR 
SALE 85 hp $995o, 7o hp $695o; 
57 hp 
$595o , 3o hp 
$395o DOD 
GEN E Q U IP M E N T CO., 8223 S i 
Presa 532-4151_________________ | 
EZ Rain irrig a tio n sprinkler, big gun. Complete system. $4,5oo or best otter 1-879-2296 Cotulla. 
| 

Toylor 713 629-oo2o 

 icolumns, 25(<48 table, 3V»” stroke. 
■ L a th e , d r il l p re s s , s u rfa c e 
(grinder, 1oft brake press, several 
'o th e r m a c h in e ry item s. S elling all 674 83o2; 673-4341, otter 5 call i 696-2338.________________________ 
One Jenny Steam Cleaner 
$1oo 
922-o136 
PTO U n it w ith 54o rpm fo r D-4 
C a te r p illa r . 
342-1231 d a y s ; 
343-6855 nites.___________________ 

ROAD GRADER i96o A llis C h a lm e rs 
M odel 45 
6cyl. Diesel power steering, 12FI power sliding M oboard Scarfire. j F air rubber 695-9218 o r 695-32o5. 
TD 9 T rock loader, 4-wav d ro it 
Ib ucket. P ric e d rig h t fo r qu ick 
I sole. 512-769 3563________________ 
14-Two hp elec m trs. Brand new 
Below M fg, cost. 734-6675.________ 

 cultivators, $85o. 924-6651._______ 
FORD 3 BO TTO M M O B O A R D l 
Plow Like New 627 2434 

~ FORD TRACrORS 
1 8N and 9N with new ond used im -! 
; plem ents 
New 16 
U tility T ilt 
I T ra ile r. $85o. F inancing A vella- blo. 37o8 S F lo re s______________ 
36' Gooseneck Dbl Deck Cattle or 
G oal T ra ile r, Tandem wheels, very good cond. Consider trade 
674-15o4 
HAY B A LIN G TIM E ' • ! Nice 
Selection of New ond Used Hay 
Baling 
Ea. 
(Balers. 
Rakes, 
Cutters) 
DIETZ TRACTOR CO 
522 IH-1o, Seguin 
____________658-1288____________ J 
•HESTON STACKHAND IO. L ike ! 
New 5425o 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533-5145, 739 Sieves 
4o1o 4o2o JOHN DEER E 
________ Diesel, 5J4-67H_________ 
Massey Ferguson 4!u COMBINE, cob w ith a ir, 18ft. qu ick-a tta ch header, variable cylinder, mode' 
61 pickup attachm ent with straw 
C hopper. 
C a ll 
512-583 2 /8 8 , j 
512 583-2896. Cosh price $85oo. 
' 
I > 
1749 Massey Ferguson 41o diesel i i 
'An c o m b in e . I6 ff, g ro in h e a d e r,; 
I Asphalt drag box, 
$3,75o 
$75oo Coll nights, 1-663-4514 

USED E Q U IP M E N T 
FOR SALE OR RENT 
I Parsons 255 Trencher, $22,5oo 
1 Parsons 155 Trencher, $16,5oo 
2 Parsons 75 Trenchers, $9,5oo ea. 
I Parsons 5o Trencher, $8,5oo 
I A llied 25o Ho Ram, $5,625 
I Allied 7oooB Ho Ram. $4,25o 

COOPER E Q U IP M E N T f> ■ , -rf 
574 < n j 
MCCORMICK 2 ROW C U LTIV A 
TOR, 671 7o56 

 lf you're like most 

 people, you pro­ 

 bably have all kinds 

 of money hiding in 

 the form of good 

 things you don’t use 

 anym ore. Turn these 

 items into ready 

 tosh today . . . 

Plate Your Ad in the 

Express- N ew * 

MERCHANDISE 
MART 

Call 
225-1866 
Just say “Charg* It" I 

A m erican Shorthoir Silver Tabby 
Kittens CFA-ACFA Reg. $75-up 
533-9746________________________ 
Am. Field tria l ch. line. Eng set­ t e r 
__________ 
ANIMALDEFENSE ~ 
League, 113oo Nacogdoches Rd. 
Pets shown 7 days (9-11 3o a.m., 
1-4 p rn.) Need Loving H om es 
T e rrie r, C hihuahua, Shepherd, 
Puppies, K ittens, M any O thers. 
A ll Shots 655 )481.______________ 
A P R IC O T TOP PO O D LE Stud 
Service Reasonable 342 )962 
A l Stud AKC Old Eng. Sheepdog. 
Ch Bloodlines, X rays. 69o o7o3. 

SIAMESE KITTENS Chee., Seal point. New Braunfels 1-899-7917 
SIBERIAN HUSKIES 
_ _ __________ 
1-995-2543 
Beautifully m arked line bdck dun 
Small Chihuahua P uppies, Rea- J * * " * : sonoble. Stud Service. 974-77o9__ spec! 51 ” 57-6567 
8 p ° ' 
St. Bernard Pup, fem ale 
:— ------------------ 
57o 
333-4441 
, St B e rna rd puppies, fu ll-blood, 
$125. 653-5849.___________________ 
WANT AN AKC DOG? 
S A Dog Breeders R e fe rra l Ser­ vice w ill out you in touch with a n e a rb y re p u ta b le b re e d e r. 
494-7787, 673-46o3.________________ 
! 6 wk Un Reg Poodle Puppies $35 
674-55o4.____________________ _ 
Y oung m ynah b ird , $225 w ith cage. 341-9224 
YOUR PET 
FOR PROTECTION 
Will Train YOUR dog regardless of breed or size to p ro te c t you, your fam ily and home 226-3533. 

Terrific furniture showroom... 

In Today’s 

W ant A d s 

Express/News 
Classified Ads 

>? Blood Sim m ental Cow with U 
Heifer calf at side. 1-535-4497 
BULLS: 12-14 Mo W hite Face and 
Red Angus $175. to $7oo. I nice 
H eifer 17 mo. S175; I B rahm an 
Steer, 12 mo. S12S 
_______ 924-6666, 623-1932________ 
Case VAC T ro c to r w ith pla n te r and cultivator. Also e xtra set of 
Ste#! wheels. New p a in t, good condition. S9So. 1-42o-279o 
Coastal Hay, fe rtilize d , clean, si bole from Stock 494-3o87_________ 
Coastal Hay, F ertilized In Held *1. 
FM 1518 624 2o67._______________ 
Coastal Hay, fe rtilized $125 bahT 
5o bale min, 494-3479 494-388) Oft 6 
Coastal Hay F e rtiliz e r $1.1o to 
1.25 o bale in born 649-2o8o 
Custom hond made saddles, over’ 
SO used s a d d le s in s to c k . 
H u n d re d s of 1st a n d 2nd lin e boots B and W Boot ond Tack, 4o5 
S. Guadalupe St, Son M arcos, Tx. 
1-392-4676 
___________________ 
CUSTOM HAY BA LIN G 
____________653-98oo 
DISPERSAL SALE: P aint Mares by W ar A ce , A A A T , P a in te d 
J e w e ll A A , M e sco B a r A A T , 
APHA Champion. P a in t Stallion 
(1% AA P rodu cing A Q H A M are. 
S5oo-UP. 1-557-6245. 
___ 
Ouroc Boar, 2 '; y rs $15o 
1-885-4627 

M o vin g 
M u st Sell K id s Pets 
More, 6 yrs, anyone can ride $25o. 
M are 3 yrs, G entle but Spirited 
$25o. Yr old Colt $1oo 688-3624 _ 
Point Mare, 8 yrs. Real good all around horse. $625 653-4893 
___ 
Pony Saddle, bridle and blanket, good cond. $4o. 698-2246_________ 
Purebred Santa G ertrudis Bull 17 mos old, For Sole 824-6559______ 
PURE SWISS M IL K COW WITH 
BABY CALF 1-742-3283_________ 
RANCH FENCING BY BENKE 
____________ 674-15o4____________ 
Reg. E x p e rtly T ra in e d Roping 
Horse. Gelding, very gentle Good 
C o m p e titio n 
H o rs e 
$8oo 
1-426-2343; 1-426-2o)8 Oft 5 p m 
Reg Hereford B ull 13 mos, 5 yr old Gelding. I 393-2o94. 
R e gistered Saanen buck, born 
M ay 9th 1977 Son of Rio Lindas 
Alphonse $1oo. 1-241-7872. 
Reg Q u a rte r Stud 2 y rs , Exc. 
P apers w ill handle nice, saddle ond lack inc. $1ooo. 653-2891 
___ 
Reg. 2 y r A Q H A F illy, Sired Hv 
Diamond Dandy $8oo. 649-1849 
Reg. 7yr old, A Q H A Sorrow Mare. 
Gentle, $8oo. 923-63o5 
1975 S o rrel H o rse C o ll, H a lte r 
Broke, Ready for Training. Pedi­ gree C ontains A Who s Who of 
AQHA Race and Doing Horses. 
$125o 1-663-2355. 
Thoroughbred Type Gelding 16 I hands $4oo, 2 horse tra ile r $5oo. 
734-4795. 
W ill gentle, break and put a rein on your colts. Rooing horse for sole. 
Carl 
Larsen 
696-2)87; 
696-2147. 
3 Young Charolais 
621-2138 
Bulls, Reg. 

Exc M arket Lam bs to r FFA or 
4 H Projects from Reg Suttons. 
695-8o96. 
FELPS HO RSE.STOCK 
AND GOOSENECK TR AILER S 
S ales, S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , and 
T railer Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
(S. W W White Rd.) 333-1611 

2 y r o(d Appaloosa M are, halter broke, $2oo 927-5584.____________ 
I'a Y r old F illy . Q tr Horse Ap poloosg. 633-2479._________________ 
7 yr old M are, P e rfect for Plea sure Gentle. M ust Sell. 684 2845 
5 y r old Reg 
B ra n g u s B u ll 
342-12*' 

Felps 14' OPEN Stock $927 
HARRIS W ESTERN CENTER 
622 93oo 
Lytle 
1-772-3634 
F e rtiliz e d C o asta l H ay $1 25 a bale in field Call Ricks 923-7749 or ofter 6 p m 342-o477.________ 
I F e rtiliz e d C oastal Hay $1.35 in 
[field. Boling Sunday. 658-2539 

F resh Cut A lfa lfa and C oastal 
Hoy ana all types ot feed. H ill Co. 
Feed & Supply. 695-3551. 
Fresh Fertilized coastal hay, out in field. $1.25 per bale, 649-1458 or 
65S-o366. 
(G A IN T E S T E D C H A R O L A IS 
B U LLS — IO to IS m onths Herd selectively bred for many years j to r m ilk p ro d u ctio n , g a in a b iiity and calving ease. Some of these 
.bulls are H alf French, siered by 
French bull w ith history of siring m edium size calves. Also avaiia ble, 9 few w eaning age heifers. 
For in fo rm a tio n w rite p O Box 
181, Son M arcos Texas 78666 
Galacino Pony and Tack, Excel- lent for children $25o 1-438-7351 
Half Arab Y e arling Colt, Brother to Nat l Ch $45o. 227-1568.________ 
HAY FOR SA LE: Johnson Grass 
■ 7oc 
,85c $1.oo. 2 m iles No of 
IIH IO on 
Foster 
Rd. 
661 53o1, 
' 1-42o-23o5._______________________ 
HAY (or sale in field and barn, fe rtiliz e d , coastal, M ein grass, tru d a n No. 5. C h a rle s L acke y. 
■ 1-947-3665. Southerland Springs. 
HAY tor Sale. Sudan and Johnson 
(Grass hay. F e rtiliz e d 2oo 4oo bl lbs per acre V ery good hay Will s ta rt ba lin g S a tu rd a y. $.9$ per bale. 1-42o-279o. 

Festival San Antonio, a three-day 
I fiesta (if food, drinks, games and tother entertainment, w ill lie held j at Produce Row of Kl Mercado on 
June 1(1-12 from 3 p.m. till m id ­ night. 
The festival is sponsored by Wesl 
Side Parish Coalition in celebration of the least of St. Anthony on June n 
Various forms of entertainment w ill be provided throughout the event, in c lu d in g M exican folk- 
I dancing groups. M ariachi music and free dance music in the even- 
I ings. 
V arious 
Mexican* A m erican 
“ antojitos” w ill be served, includ­ ing soft and crispy tacos, bunuclos. sausage-on-a-tortilla. naehos. gor* ditas and chalupas as well as the fam iliar hamburgers, corn on the cob and shish-ke-bobs. 
Pinatas, “ Ojus de Dios ’ , hand­ sewn articles and other arts and crafts items w ill be sold. 
The items are being made spe­ cially for the festival by the senior citizens of the p articip a tin g par­ ishes. 
Admission to the festival grounds and the entertainment a reacts free. 

M a rry F re e m an roast 

 entertainer Jim m y Dean w ill join master of ceremonies Rex Allen and 
Roy Clark in a roast to Harry Free­ man at 7:3(1 p.m. June IS at the Joe 
Freeman Coliseum. 
Freeman w ill lie honored as the 
Metropolitan San Antonio Chapter 
March of Dimes’ man of the year ai the “ H arry — give him h a il!” eefemonies. 
The event, on the eve of Free­ man’s 88th birthday, w ill include th(> roast and dancing to the music of two country and western bands. 
Contribution is Sill per person. All proceeds go to the Metropolitan San 
Antonio Chapter of the March of 
Dimes. Tickets are available at 
Joske’s and the March of Dimes office. 

S u m m e r socce r ca m p s 

St. Mary's University w ill spon­ sor a series of soccer camps this summer for girls and boys eight through 18. 
Each camp w ill be limited to (id 
(lemons. Camps w ill be June 13-17; 
June 27-July I; July 11-15. and July 
25-29. 
The program w ill be under the direction of David Stolarski, St. 
Mary's soccer coac h. 
S tolarski. twice named 
T e x a s 
Collegiate Soccer League all star, has ('iglu years coaching experience with university, high school and women’s teams. 
Assisting Stolarski w ill be Mike 
Durr, associate director of Soccer 
International 
Stolarski and Durr hold United 
States Soccer Federation coaching licenses 
Camp sessions will be 9 a.m. to 
4:3(1 p.rn. Monday through Friday. 
Tuition for overnight camp (which includes meals and housing on campus) is $1311. Day camp fees are 
$9o. 
Application deadline for any one of the camps is one week prior to the first day of a camp session. 
For furthe r inform ation w rite 
1oo2A N E. Loop 41o or call 824-784o. 

C h ild b irth tra in in g 

Alamo Childbirth Training Assn. is accepting registrations for child­ birth preparation instruction from expectant mothers whose due dates fa ll in Septem ber through De­ cember. 
Classes begin eight weeks before the expected delivery date and con­ tinue once a week for six weeks. 
Expectant mothers who register early are given p rio rity when classes are scheduled. 
Interested persons may register by calling the ACTA office. 342-3311, weekdays. 9:3o a.m. to 3:3o p.m. 

C itation nom inee 
A retiring Randolph AFB training instructor has been nominated to receive a civilian commendation award. 
Dr. W illiam Cooper Jr.. an A ir 
Training 
Command 
Instructor 
Training School instructor for Hi years. 
He re tire s this month w ith 42 years of federal service. 
He has taught more than 4.ooo platform and academie instructors. 
Cooper of 3o9 Fawn Dr. also has served as president of the Churchill 
High School Booster Club. 

Se m in a r p articip ant 

James Z in tg ra ff, president o f 

Z in tg ra ff 
C om m ercial 
Photo­ graphers. Inc., and the Dallas- based Zintgraff Color Craft Labroa- tory. Inc., has been invited to attend a three-day photography seminar in 
Chicago. 
The seminar, sponsored by East­ man Kodak, will be June 3-5. 
Zintgraff is a 5o-year-old studio that has continuously won national and regional awards for creative photography in the com m erical field. 

A djunct p ro fe sso r 

Dr. A,VV. Hunt, professor of man­ agement and assistant to the presi­ dent. at the University of Texas at 
San Antonio, will participate in a 
Boston University overseas educa­ tion program this summer. 
He will take a one-year leave of absence from the university begin­ ning this month. 
Sen mg as adjunct professor. Dr. 
Hunt w ill teach graduate business courses at m ilita ry bases in Italy and Germany. 
Dr. Hunt w ill return to UTSA in 
September. 1978. 

M D b o a rd m e m b e r 

Thomas S. West, president of 
West Petroleum, has been re-elect­ ed as board member of the Corpor­ ation of the Muscular Dystrophy 
Assn. 
West serves as a member of the 
South Texas MDA’s executive com­ mittee. 
MDA corporate board members serve as policy makers for the association and elect its board of directors. 

D a u g h te rs o f 1812 

The Texas Society of the United 
States Daughters of 1812 will hold their board meeting at ll a.in. 
Wednesday at Wyatt's Cafeteria in 
Austin. 
San A ntonians attending the meeting are Mrs. Lorenzo Skaggs, state president; Mrs. Quincy VY 
Bynum, state treasurer; Mrs. M il­ ton II. Baughn Jr., state registrar; 
Miss Lice Alice Posey, state 1812 marker chairman; Mrs. Edward L. 
Bell, state membership chairman. and M rs. Robert Ii. P arkinson, state Star Spangled Banner Flag 
House chairman. 

C z e ch o slo v ak ia bou nd 

A San Antonio couple of Czechos­ lovakian descent w ill jo in a 
3o-member Texas Czech folkloric group which has been invited to perform this sum m er in 
Czechoslovakia. 
The couple, Ernest and Ophelia 
Popp, w ill do specialty dance numbers in a festival July 8, 9 and 
111 in Detva, Slovakia. 

G e n e ral to new post 

Brig. Gen. Bernard Ardisana, 
USAF Security Service vice com­ mander. has been reassigned to FL 
George* G. Meade, Md., for duties with the National Security Agency. 
Vice com m ander since Sep­ tember 1975, Gen. .Ardisana w ill depart in m id-June for his newly-created post, assistant direc­ tor for operations. 
Col. Paul M. Ingram, USAFSS chief of staff, has been promoted to the vice commander position. He had been chief of staff since Max 
1975. 

Project S E K o p e n in gs 

Project SER is accepting appli­ cations from people interested in training as air traffic control spe­ cialists at the main office, 1515 
Saltillo St. 
Applicants must be 18'through 3o l 2 years of age and have prior m ilitary service within the past year. 
The minimum wage of $2.3o per hour w ill be paid while in training. 
SER staff w ill also assist selected candidates find jobs. 
For additional information, call 
434-9491 jF K probers call threatened witness 

PHONE 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

IH I ACTION N U M B fR 
TOR TAST fttS U lT S 
P lA C l TOUR W A N T AO 
IN THI (X P R IS 5 N I WS 
CAH 7 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

 i t t y m 
M a — 
TOR THI f A S IIS T RESUITS j 
O N A W A N T AO 
THI N U M B IR TO CALL 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
I X RRZ SS AN O N fW S 

W ASHINGTON (A P ) - The 
House Assassinations Committee, investigating President John F. 
Kennedy's m urder, is calling a witness this week who has already told the panel hi* won’t talk because of threats on his life. 
The witness is Loran Eugene 
Hall. a Cuban exile who has been quoted by two newsmen as saying in interviews that Dallas businessmen offered him $5o.(1o(1 to assassinate 
Kennedy. 
Hall is lo testify Tuesday and a committee aide says the w itness has told investigators he w ill invoke 
F ifth 
Am endm ent protection against s e lf-in c rim in a tio n and refuse to answer questions. 
The newsman who put the com­ mittee in contact w ith H all says 
Hail has been threatened, purpor­ tedly by organized crime gangsters. with death if he testifies. 
G a n g s t e r s 

I I M * newsman. A rt K evin, a reporter for KM PC radio in H ol­ lywood. Calif., accuses the com m it­ tee of misusing him as a go-between to get Hall and of causing the death th real by allow ing word to leak out that Hall was in itia lly w illin g to talk 

Kevin quoted Hall a s saying an anonymous caller told him: “ You're on the list to be subpoenaed ... but that's not the only lis t because you’ re a dead m an... Love and kisses fro m 
.” Kevin said the caller named an Fast Coast mafia boss in the “ love and kisses’’ por­ tion but Kev in refused to give that name. 
The newsman quoted H all as saying in an interview that a group of Dallas businessmen offered him 
$5o,ooo to k ill Kennedy. Hall pu r­ portedly said the offer was made at a meeting five or six months before 
Kennedy was killed in November 
1963. 
Kevin also quotes Hall as saying he has knowledge about one of the 
CIA-sponsored plots by organized crime figures to assassinate Cuban 
Premier Fidel Castro. 
The committee wants to ask Hall about several other matters. 
For example one source says the panel wants to ask the anti-Castro 
Cuban exile if Lee Harvey Oswald was active in anti-Castro activity in 
Florida. The Warren Commission, which concluded that Oswald was the lone assassin of Kennedy, said 
Oswald w;is a pro-Castro activist. 

Put Le May Burr describes herself as “ ordinary.” 
Dressed in denims and barefoot, the 
L IS A professor of marketing could almost get away with that description. 
“ I love to do things like work in the yard,’’ says Dr. Burr, who begins her duties this week as associate admin- strator of the Small Business Admin­ istration in Washington, D.C. 
Despite her attempts at being rather unremarkable, Put Burr is about a:- much “ plain folks’’ as Jimmy Carter. 
The native Alabaman is the first woman ever appointed to a policy­ making post in the 24-year.history- of the SBA. 
San Antonians consider her a path­ finder in business and economics, a field just now opening more doors to women here. 

I— B y-------------------- 
I NANCY SCOTT JONES 

In the four years since she moved to 
San Antonio, she has been appointed to numerous business and civic boards and conducted various seminars in business administration and manage­ ment. 
She also is vice president for Mar­ ket 
Research 
Associates. 
She formed the corporation with other bu­ siness consultants, including her hus­ band Dr. Richard M. (D ick) Burr, dean of the Faculty of Business at 
Trinity University. 
Has it been more difficult to achieve in her field because she is a woman? 
“ ll is hard for me to say, because I think I would have been the same kind 

 career 

 of competitor, if I had been a man,” 
J she answers. “ . 
Says an admirer, assistant city at­ torney Jane Macon, “ Pat's leadership is the quiet kind that allows her to lead people without them knowing it.” 
Realist 
Pat Burr is low key and unpreten­ tious. A woman with a Grace Kelly complexion and genteel Southern manners, she thrives on the challenges of business, the way the Kennedys do on a political race. 
At 33, her rather heady accomplish- 
I 

THE 

FRIVOLASH 

EXPERT 

COMES TO 

FROST BROS. 

DOWNTOWN, WEDNESDAY; 

NORTH STAR MALE, 

THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 

SHE’LL SHOW 

YOU HOW EASY 

AND NATURAL IT IS 

TO HAVE 

BEAUTIFUL EYES. 

INSTANTLY. 

Let her show you Frivolash. truly natural looking lashes on a soft, flexible band that s nearly invisible. 
A breeze to apply, especially when an expert opens your eyes to how it s done. in black or brown, 8.5o and 9.25. 
Exclusively ours in 
Cosmetics. 
FROST 
BROS. 

SLEEPING on the diagonal hogs space 
RITUAL for the ‘Envelope W o m a n 1 

THE m ore pillows, the m ore s e c u r it y 

PHOTO S BV STFVf CAMPBELL, SI EE PWE AR PROM FROST BROS 

Pat Burr rmodels’ a 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
I 
Scene 

MILDRED WHITEAKER, Women s Editor 

 unday June 5 1977 
Page 
I E 

 way 

 you 

 sleep 

 says 

 a 

 lot 

 about 

DESPITE the D e e p S o uth , sm all to w n b a ck g ro u n d , Dr. Pat Burr is a b o u t as 

 much ‘plain folks1 as Jim m y Carter photo bv jose barrera 

 lit e b asic b o d y p o sitio n a person ad op ts fo r 

 reassurance in the sleep w orld is in d ica tiv e of the n a y that person Hies. b y exam inin g n o ctu rn al 

 boily lan g u ag e. Dr. S a m u e l D u nked explains hole 

 sleep positions relate ta expressions of jo y a n d g r ie f lace an d hate. 

TIU s seven p a rt series is excerpted from his new 

 hook. 
S L E E T 1}( ) S I I IO N S : I lie Slig ht L a n g u a g e 

 of the body. 
I he series w ill continue in the Neics 
L i fest yl e sect ion. 

SAMUEL 

DLNKELL, M D. 

I first became aware that sleep positions had special significance (lur­ ing a psychotherapy ses­ sion with a young female patient. 
Discussing her difficulty in establishing good relation­ ships with men. she told me that the position in which she slept contributed to her prob­ lem. 
She slept diagonally on the bias, from the right corner at the head of the bed to the left corner at the foot. Unless she was able to "control” the bed space iii this way, she felt insecure. 
Unfortunately, this sleep position made it difficult for male friends to stay overnight. since they were invariably squeezed out of bed. 
It struck me that this need to control the bed-spacc seemed to be a nighttime carry-over from her waking activities. 
In her day-to-day relation­ ships with men she also tried to dominate the situation as 

 much as possible, psychologi­ cally squeezing her male friends out of the center of her life. As a result of this imper­ ialism, her whole existence was skewed — .just as in her sleep period. In effect, she lived on the bias. 
Envelope 

The correlation between her sleep position and her general way of living was so striking that I became curious whether similar correlations might ex­ ist for other of my patients. 
And, indeed, this proved to be the ease. 
Another patient — I called him the Envelope Man — had an extremely complex ritual that had to be carried out to the lust detail each night in order for him to get to sleep. 

Before he got into bed he would arrange on his night table the following items: an opened bottle of Coca-Cola with a glass ready for action, a pack of cigarettes, a lighter and a nasal spray. 
The covers on the bed had to he tucked in so there wasn't the least crease showing and the sheet had to be pulled up as tightly as possible, like a swaddling cloth. Into this en­ velope of bedclothes he would insert himself as neatly as a piece of notepaper. 
Even when traveling, he found it necessary to carry the entire array of bedside para­ phernalia with him and to ar­ range the coverings in the same precise way. 
All of us to one degree or another go through rituals. 

A husband may brush his teeth before undressing, his wife after putting on her nightgown. Bedroom lights will be turned off in a particu­ lar order, night after night. 
And if a certain critical aspect of the ritual is neglected, most people will get up again out of bed to remedy the oversight, opening the window or filling the water glass or placing a packet of tissues within reach. 
Rituals 
The individual who decides that he is too tired to get up and complete the overall ritual will often, in spite of his fa­ tigue, find himself unable to sleep until he finally complies with (lie need to have everyth­ ing in its proper place. 
The Envelope Man was not merely calming himself. He. like all of us, was reassuring himself that the day world would be there during sleep, and that he would find it still there when he awoke in the morning — or even in the middle of the night. 
Sometimes we require spe­ cific objects to reassure our­ selves. in Czarist Russia, the nobility usually went to bed with a small pillow called a 

The four basic sleep positions 

Night language 

Continued from Page I E 

 doumka — which means “ the one you tell your thoughts to.” 
Like the security blanket constantly dragged around by Linus in the 
“ Peanuts” cartoon strip, such objects can take on an exaggerated psycholo­ gical importance. 
Sleep has always held complex meanings for mankind. 
Repose 

On the one hand, it is the repose that restores us. a nightly rebirth, giving us the renewed strength to deal with the stresses and to enjoy the pleasures of our waking existence. At the other extreme. “ The Big Sleep.” as in the 
Raymond Chandler novel and Humph­ rey Bogart film of that name, is death. 
In many cultures, in fact, the process of drifting off to sleep is understood in terms of a myth in which the soul temporarily passes out of the body. 
Sleep, then, is far more than a mere physical necessity. It is an unknown cosmos — with its own special dimen­ sions of space, time, and sensation — that we enter into once every 24 hours. 
As we prepare for bed, each of us becomes a Columbus of the dark, set­ ting out to “ the ends of the night.” It is oily only reasonable that we should therefore feel a need to reassure our­ selves before embarking on our nightly voyage of discovery, to prepare our­ selves psychologically for leaving the day world behind. 
The environmental setting, the stage upon which the events of our sleep experience are enacted, is the bed. 
Almost everyone at one time or an­ other has reacted to stress by “ taking to bed.” There are numerous cases of individuals whose attachment to the bed has reached pathological propor­ tions. Proust, for example, rarely left his bedroom during the many years he spent writing “ Remembrance of 
Things Past.” 
And while the vast majority of us look upon our beds primarily as a place for sleeping, not as a permanent re­ treat from the world, the associations with security are built up in us from the cradle. 
For many people, as they enter each night into the twilight zone between waking and sleeping, the physical na­ ture of the bed itself becomes impor­ tant. 
For some, the pillows, the number of blankets, even the kind of cloth of which the sheets are made can take on importance. 
Even the placement of the bed in the room is of concern to many people. 
Our temperature drops an average of two degrees in the course of the night. 
The need to maintain a comfortable body tempeprature obviously affects what we wear to bed. 
“ Do you sleep in the nude?” is a favorite question of gossip columnists 

 when interviewing movie stars and other celebrities. Nude sleeping has in fact been common at vuious times throughout human history. 
Seventy percent of American men sleep in the nude, and only 3o per cent of the women — though these statistics predate the women’s-liberation move­ ment. 
During the Middle Ages, surpris­ ingly, nude sleeping was the approved custom. The trend to elaborately de­ corated sleeping garments in the Ren­ aissance and later appears to have been motivated chiefly by a concern with fashion and status rather than comfort. 
Lying in bed. we take leave of the day world with its panorama of people, objects, colors, actions, distant hori­ zons — and enter a world in which we 
“ see” with our thoughts rather than our eyes. 
We are in the midst of the pre-sleep reverie, a state halfway between the daydream and the true dreams of sleep. This period of reverie becomes for some people a time of great creati­ vity. 
Many famous artists and philo­ sophers have found the twilight period to be an interval in w hich new ideas or solutions to old problems suddenly spring to mind. 
Twilight 

For most of us. however, the twilight zone acts merely as a kind of decom­ pression chamber in which the day world is gradually left farther and farther behind, while the night world becomes more and more completely enveloping. 
Recalled experiences of our daily life appear to us as though they were oc­ curring at some spot removed from where we are now, like a personal television news program wrapping up the highlights of our day. these thoughts and images flicker in the focus of our changing consciousness, our full-scale relationship with the day world is gradually dissolved. 
Then, suddenly, like the last light being extinguished at sunset, the day- world is gone altogether. We have come out on the other side of the twilight zone and now exist only in the night world. 
We are asleep. And as we study the passage of the individual from day into night, and through the night into a new day, making note of the particular positions assumed by the body in the dark, we may also be able to see more clearly, unclouded by the commerce of daily activity, the crucial central ways in which each particular person ex­ presses his unique patterns of exis- tensce. 
For the way we sleep reveals the way we live. 

MONDAY IN NEWS LIFESTYLE: 
Feet and hands 

Excerpted from 
SLEEP P O S IT IO N S by Samuel Dunkell, M D 
Copyright (c) 1 977 by D elrulh Incorporated Reprinted with perm'sMon of Wiliiom M orrow & Co., Inc. 

I 

By------------------------ 

SAMUEL 

DUNKELL, M D. 

A young woman lies on my psychoanalytic couch demonstrating her sleep position. 

She has assumed one of the four most common positions: the Full-fetal. 
She is lying on her side with her body curled upon itself, her legs flexed at the knees and the knees drawn up as though at­ tempting to touch her chin. Her entire body is rolled into kind of a ball. 
When I look at the Full fetal position. I try to let the mean­ ings emerge from the common object — like a pillow, serving as kind of a core. 
Usually the arms and hands complete the circle, enfolding the knees or being tucked in such a way as to cover the center of the body. 
I concluded that this individual has not yet allowed herself to unfurl and expose herself to the events of life. She sleeps and lives like a tightly closed bud resisting exposures to the full, open experiencing of life's joys and difficulties. 
In the day world as in the chosen sleep position, such peo­ ple show a strong desire for protection and the need for a central core around which they can organize their li\es. 

Prone 
Let us look at a second basic sleep position — Prone 
The prone shows an attempt to assume command of the bcd space, to embrace it as fully as possible, making it one’s ow n. 
By lying face-down, usually with the arms extended over their heads and the legs stretched out with the feet somewhat apart, prone sleepers show a need to be in touch with 
— and to regulate — as much of their immediate world as they can. 
Unless they are able to do­ minate the bed-space in this way, they feel vulnerable. It is as though by controlling the topography of the bed they will achieve governance over the en­ tire sleep world, protecting themselves from unpleasant 

‘ R O Y A L ’ position 

 surprises in the course of their night’s journey. 
People who sleep in the prone position show a similar compul­ sion to regulate the events of their waking lives, the day-to- day environment of their exis­ tence. They do not like the un­ expected, and organize their lives so as to avoid it whenever possible. 
Such persons arc almost al­ ways on time for appointments, and are disturbed if other people are late. They are fussy about details, neat and exact. 
Those who feel especially insecure when faced with the unexpected will sleep not only prone but diagonally across the bed, attempting to prevail even more completely over the sleep world. 
Royal 

A third common position is sleeping on the back. 
An ancient proverb states: 
“ The King sleeps on his back, the Wise Man on his side, and the Rich Man on his stomach.” 
I have found, in fact, that those who sleep in the Royal position do generally feel them­ selves to be the king or queen of their sleep — as well as of their day universe. They were usually favorite children or children 

 who always had the center of attention. 
Many professional theater people sleep in the Royal posi­ tion — perhaps because it is an easy position from which to take a bow and receive the plaudits of the populace. 
Awake or asleep, the world is indeed their oyster. They are open to everything, happy to give as well as receive — just as the physical position they as­ sume for sleeping leaves them exposed and open to the night world. 
Semi-fetal 
In terms of frequency, the most common position is the 
Semi-fetal. 
Sleeping in the Semi-fetal po­ sition, lying on the side with the knees drawn partway up, has the physical advantage of con­ serving heat without closing off tile circulation of air around the body. Also the central trunk of the body is protected, especially its psychological center, the heart. 
The Semi-fetal position al­ lows greater maneuverability in the course of the night than any of the other most common posi­ tions, since it is possible to turn from one side to the other with­ out undoing the set configura­ tion of the body. 
The Semi-fetal thus makes good “ common sense” in terms of physical comfort and func­ tioning. 
The personalities of those who choose this position show a par­ allel degree of sensible adjust­ ment to the world. Such indivi­ duals are fairly well-balanced and secure. 
They arc able to accommodate themselves to the facts of their existence without undue strain. 

There are also many varia­ tions on the basic positions that w ill be subsequently explored. 
It should be further under­ stood that a person may assume more than one of the basic posi­ tions — or related ones — in the course of the night. The average person, when sleeping well, moves 2o to 35 times a night. 
We can, of course, learn a new sleeping position — if we suffer a back injury, for instance. But a preferred sleep position is stubbornly clung to. We will not change that position unless we change our life. 
Excerpted from " S L E E P P O S IT IO N S " by Sam uel 
Dunkell, M D Copyright (c) 1977 by Delruth Incor­ porated. 

San Antonio EXPRE5S-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
PAT BURR 

OKI VOUK TOES GIRLS... 

FROST’S DESIGNER SHOE SALE 
15.oo TO 39.oo 

Were 19.oo ( o 74.oo. Bernardo, Jacques 

Cohen, I. Miller Daisy, Evins, Andrew Ceiler, 

Amalli, Deliso, Adlib. Shoe Salon. 

FROST BROS. 

Continued from Page I E 

 ments leave her undazzled. 

She is unruffled by the empty boxes waiting to be packed, the stream of work­ men traipsing through the house to install a new furnace, and the solemn marching notes of “ My Pony" coming from the den. w here the Burrs” eight-year-old daughter. Ash­ ley, practices her piano. 
Perhaps because her gener­ ation grew up without TM. est or TA. Pat Burr needs no large doses of self-analysis. 
Nor docs she see any reason why two successful careers should interfere with an equally successful marriage. 
The way to manage such a marriage is “ very carefully.” she laughs. It also requires export scheduling. 
“ Dick and I research to­ gether, do a lot of consulting together, a lot of yard work together, and we share many of the same professional friends.” she adds. 
Career 
Summers arc often spent working in industry together, and before her SBA appoint­ ment. both had been accepted to study at the London School of Economics this summer. 
W hile she is a SBA . her husband will take a leave of absence from Trinity to ac­ cept a fellowship at tin' 
National Aeronautics and 
Space Administration in Wa­ shington. D C. 
Dr. Burr is too intelligent to say her career “ just hap­ pened,” but she actually never planned one that would boost her into the public limelight. 
She has already tasted Wa­ shington politics and paper­ work. Last December, as a member of the Carter-Mondale transition team, she wrote proposed legislation .that would affect small businesses. 
“ I like government work, but I also love teaching, and that's where I expected to stay,” says the attractive ad­ ministrator. 
Born in Town ( reek. Ala.. she is the youngest of six children. Her father was a fe­ deral employe fur the Ten­ nessee Valley Authority, and her motlier owned an interna­ tional wholesale company aud retail floral shop. 
Town (’reek, with a popula­ tion of 3oo, lies on the banks of the Tennessee River in tile heart of the fertile cotton plantation country. 
With no movie house or pub­ lic library in town, summer entertainment meant sw mi­ ming in the Tennessee River. 
But there was plenty of 

 leisure time left for work. 
“ I ve worked since I could count change,” recalls Dr. 
Burr. “ I was eight or nine when I first sold on the retail floor." 
“ After school she helped her mother make floral arrange­ ments for the community’s weddings and funerals. 
Later she drove the delivery truck on Saturdays — alone often making a 4oo - mile round trip in one day. 

“ My parents gave me a cer­ tain amount of independence.’’ she recalls. “ If what I wanted to do was reasonable, then it was okay. 
“ My mother never hovered over me. I guess she was all hovered out by the time I came along.” she says. 
If her goals were any differ­ ent than her freshman class­ mates at 
Florence State 
University w here she enrolled as an engineering major" she was not aware of it. 
“ My interests were not ex­ actly the same, but I went through the typical, appro­ priate sorority route. Some­ how. it was never my highest priority.’’ sin- adds. 
After her freshman year, she studied at the University of 
Paris, concentrating on mul­ ti-national marketing and import—export transactions. 
Model 

Her slender figure and good looks also attracted fashion 
•execs at the house of Helene 
Roi, where she served us a student intern—modeling clothes and working in sales, and 
But not even the glamor of haute couture could lure her- frotn her consumer fascina­ tion with sales and buying. 
“ It was the business end of design that really excited me,” she says. 
When she returned from 
Paris, she enrolled at the Uni-* versity of Alabama, planning to graduate with a degree iii textilcs and then work for 
Birm ingham department store. 
Instead she married Dick 
Burr, lier statistics instructor. 
The\ moved to Denton, where he had accepted a teaching position at North Texas State 
University. 
“ There was nothing else for me to do in Denton, except go to school." says the SBA ap­ pointee. 
Rather than commute to 
Dallas, where other faculty wi\E's were buyers in depart­ ment stores, she finished lier 
Master's and then her doctor- 

 u t *■ 
Four Nears after receding iu-r doctorate in business ad- 

PAT BURR m o d e lin g in Paris in ‘6os 

 ministration, Dr. Bu rr’s re- aume is almost as impressive as Elliot Richardson’s — former Secretary of Defense, 
HEW, Commerce. U.S. Attor­ ney General and Ambassador to Great Britain, 

Her professional experience includes editorship of the 
Journal of Small Business 
Management, former consumer columnist for the 
Express-New s and co-author of dozens of publications for bu­ siness and industry. 
Pat Burr should have no* trouble fitting into the Carter workstyle—long office hours with sack lunches instead of fashionable cuisine at San 
Souci 

“ I don’t have the stamina for 

 a lot of evenings out, anyway,’ she says. 
What she does have the en­ ergy for is working on new education programs for the small business man. 
She hopes SBA will provide more low cost or no cost train­ ing for people who can not afford to pay for college se­ minars or classes on manage­ ment training and business operations. 
“ Nine out of IO small busin­ esses fail because of manage­ ment inability,” she says. 
“ I also would like to see more minorities and more wo­ men become owners of small businesses, and be involved with the federal government 
— contracting what ever it is they manufacture to the go­ vernment . 

Margaret Trudeau fights to determine her destiny 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Simcfoy Ame 5 19 7 7 
Page . 3-E 

Private life, public issue 

— By 

CLAUDE ADAMS and GILLIAN 
COSGROVE 

Margaret 
Trudeau’s 
February visit to the 
Carter White House may well prove lo be one of her last official functions as 
Canada’s First Lady, and possibly the last straw of one of the world’s most talked about marriages. 

Shortly after that Washing­ ton v isit, which was thrown into banality by the inordinate press attention given to the length of her dress (short) and the condition of her hose (tat­ tered), Margaret confided to her 
Ottawa photography teacher Werner Reitboeck that 
“ six years is quite enough.” 
Did Margaret mean to say that her marriage was on the ropes, or was she just pro­ claiming an end to her role as an official wife? Margaret didn't say, and Reitboeck didn’t ask. 
Story 

, At this same time, other events were set in motion. In early March, the Trudeaus were readying to agree to a 
9o-day trial separation — ap­ parently on the advice of a Ot­ tawa lawyer — and Margaret applied for a passport under her maiden name, Margaret 
Sinclair. 
Another indication that the marriage was at a breaking point came when one of Mar­ garet’s closest Ottawa confi­ dants. freelance journalist Dan 
Turner, tried to sell a story to a 
Canadian magazine about the couple’s marital difficulties. 
(That project fell through, and 

Since the d a y six years ago a lien M argaret 
S in c la ir m a r r ie d C a n a lla s C rim e M in is te r 
Pierre T ru d e a u, a man 2 9 years h e r senior, she has in d u lg e d in m a n y controversy-be-dam ned ways of s a y in g 
I'm d iffe re n t." 
Her la d ia c io r has a lte rn a te ly endeared her to a n d a lie n a te d her from the C a n a d ia n peo­ ple. A n d a n e c k ago. the C rim e M in iste r a n ­ nounced th e ir separation. 

Claude A d a m s and (pillion Cosgrore. staff ic rite rs on H ie M o n t n a il S ta r, p r o file this u illf iil young unm an. 

Turner said In1 was glad it did because the situation Inter­ changed. ) 
But while Margaret and her friends stoked the fires of ru­ mor, the Prime Minister’s of­ fice tried to stamp them out. 

Actually, the last two months have only demonstrated that 
Margaret is determined to live her OWN life. 

On Mar. 4, her sixth wedding anniversary, Margaret attend­ ed a concert given by a rock and roll band, The Rolling Stones, in a seedy toronto nightclub called the Ll Moeambo. 
Notorious 
She took a ringside table, and according to Chet Flippo of 
Rolling Stone magazine. “ She arrived and left in a Stone’s limo, and took a suite at the 
Harbor (Hotel), where she gave a well-guarded party for the band. Back at the hotel, I caught a glimpse of her in a 

 white bathrobe wafting down a corridor.” 
On that occasion, Margaret photographed members of the group and was herself pictured sitting beside Mick Jagger, a look of adulation on her face. 
Drummer Charlie Watts called her “ one of our Mums,” and joked, “ I wouldn’t want my wife associating with us.” 
Margaret’s association with 
The Rolling Stones turned into a profound embarrassment, not only because of the hard rockers’ notorious lifestyle while on tour, but also because of the well-publicized drug charges that guitarist Keith 
Richards faces in Toronto. 
Perhaps nothing short of this controversial incident could so dramatize Margaret’s determination to establish her own identity, apart from the deeourous restraints of her husband’s office. 
And then again, this isn’t the first time that Margaret Tru­ deau has flirted with contro­ versy. 
Since the day six years ago when Margaret Sinclair mar­ ried Prim e Minister Pierre 
Trudeau, a man 29 years older and considered Canada’s most eligible bachelor, she has in­ dulged in many controversy- be-hanged ways of saying, “ I ’m different.” 

She smoked cigars given to her in Havana by Cuban Pre­ mier Fidel Castro. She sung songs she had written to the wife of Venezuelan President 
Carolus Perez at a state ban­ quet in Caracas, 

ProlocoI 
Flaunting protocol, she delivered an impromptu toast to the president’s wife, Mrs. 
Luis Eeheverria when her hus­ band was on an official \isit to 
Mexico. 
And when callers to an Ot­ tawa hothne-radio show criti­ cized lier, a tearful Margaret phoned in to defend herself. 
“ I ’ve made a decision and there is no going back.” Mar­ garet told the international press in New York early in 
March. “ As the wife of the 
Prime Minister, not as Pierre’s wife, I really have had en­ ough.” 
That dramatic announcement was the culmination of a three-year interest in photo­ journalism, an interest that in­ itially developed as a relaxing 
‘release’ from her suffocating official role. 
Until this year, few of her photographic efforts have been published. 
Now, Margaret is selling her work to national magazines in both Canada and the United 
States, hauling her cameras to 
V irginia, where she tried to get shots of Elizabeth Taylor in her new home, and Paris, where she shot photos for a mineral water ad. 
In the past few weeks, she has been asking — and getting — as much as $4oo a photograph. 
Yet, some of 
Margaret’s friends, worried she may be­ come the proverbial rebel w it bout a cause, have wondered privately if her interest iii pho­ tography will last. 

Part ll iii Monday Express 
Scene. 

MARGARET TRUDEAU a t the c e n te r of a w h irlw in d of c o n tro versy 
Exercise aids knocking knees 

A Lovely writes: 
“ My trouble is knoek-knees. 
The bones on the inner sides of the knees are enlarged and sound like a toy drum when 
I walk. 
‘‘Is there anything that would ease this 

By 
MARY SUE 

MILLER 

 condition?" 
The answer: You consult an orthopo bone specialist. So 
I know, surgery only means of rec outsized bones. 

 might 
(list, a far as is the hieing 

Corrective exercises practiced over a long period of time can be helpful. Here’s a good one: Stand with feet to­ gether and knees flexed 
— slightly bent 
Urge the calves toward each other. Hold, relax and repeat times. 
Keep checking on the flexion of the knees and 

 try to carry over into your stance and walk. 
When you walk with slightly bent knees, the problem is less pron­ ounced. lf tlit1 thighs aud cab es are thin, try to build them up a bit* with spot gaining exercise. The knees w ill then look less prominent. 

(JIVE IMI) 
A DRESS SHIRT 
ANI) NE 
ANI) RECEIVE 
A CROSS PEN 
WITH YOUR 3o.oo 
OR W E 
PURCHASE 

Now til Father s Day. just pick a fine dress shirt from our handsome collections hy Cardin, Embassy or 
Mancini and a tie by Countess 
Mara. X Andrini, Serica or Y Apre and we ll give you a gleaming chrome Cross pen, the ultimate writing experience. 
FROST’S MAN’S WORLD 

SHOP FROSTS DOWNTOWN AND NORTH SI AR MALL 

OMEGA 

W A liy iB SOLID WOOD FURNITURE 

 nettLe^cReek 

ANNIVERSARY SALE 

Ibis handsome si\-tunction. Om ega digital tor men tells the hour, minute, second, month. cia) and dale. It corrects tor >1) and M-day months automatical!). 
I lie Om ega Six-1 unction I )igital comes in 
\ our choice of .ill stainless steel, or 14k gold- tilled top. stainless steel hack case. Both .ire water-resistant to > atmospheres. 
Most important of all. every Om ega digital is hacked hv the Om ega international warranty, honored in I Sh countries throughout the w orld. 
Hie Six-f unction Digital hv Omega. A 

 watch from a companv a man can 

 depend on. 

N E W A C C O U N t S INVITED • NEVER ANY INTEREST o r c a r r y i n g Charge 

 m o n d a y T h r o *- 
A T i j r d a v ’ C O C A m 
TC, c) 
JO P m 

223 £. HOUSTON ST 

226-8337 

Y O U R 
B I R T H D A Y 
TODAY: 
You now plunge into more than you can handle well, attempt short­ cuts that only complicate matters, spend the rest of the year reconciling dis­ crepancies that build up. 
Try to center more effort on narrower fronts of ac­ tion. 
R elation sh ips are tested, im m ensely strengthened by shared adverse conditions. 
Today's natives let com­ munity and local situations push them into too many conformist habits. 
In their m atu rity they develop special intuitive talents. 
A R I E S (March 21 April 
19): The situation, working materials aren't quite the same as in the past. Watch what you do, crosscheck details. A traditional ap­ proach still has its merits. 
T A U R U S (April 2o-Mav 
2o): 
Pick targets, push experimental production as far as local conditions per­ mit. Social action slows down, lacks interest when people you expect fail to show. 
G E M I N I ( M a y 21-June 
2o): 
Suddenly everybody wants to h u rry , cut corners, get to the core of all problems. Communica­ tions are distorted; keep your message short, to the point. 
C A N C E R (June 21-July 
22): 
Settle for reasonable term s, avoid prolonged haggling. 
D is re g a rd rumors, pass none along 
There s more than meets the eye in even common­ place maneuvers. 
L E O (July 23-Aug. 22): 
Much depends on the mood you express; not so much what you say as what you choose to do. Beware min­ or temptations. Sensible 

B y-------------- 
JEANE DIXON 

 thrift works out amazingly well. 
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 2): 
Have the courage to say 
“ no” and stick with if. 
Where you want something explained, go directly to the source, prevent distor­ tion by in-between parties. 
LIB RA (Sept. 23-Oct. 2)s 
So many new factors turn up you have a right to he­ sitate. Be easy on yourself. 
Give others liberty to differ and learn the hard way without your help. 
S C O R P I O (Oct. 23-Nov. 
21): 
Long-continued drift aw ay from ag reem ents brings on confrontation. 
Your candid opinion is valid, but unwelcome. Wait- until asked, avoid making enemies. 
S A G I T T A R I U S 
(NOV. 
22-Dec. 21): 
People are sensitive, while you have an uncanny knack for put­ ting your foot in it. Allow enough time for contingen­ cies that upset schedules. 
C A P R I C O R N 
(Dec. 
22-Jan. 19): 
B u y only necessary supplies, as pre­ sent influences change rap id ly, outdate things before they’re used. Don’t demand perfection from friends or strangers. 
A QUARIUS (Jan. 2o-Feb. 
18): 
Conflict is inevitable, if for no better reason than the harsh "fun” of an ar­ gument. 
F rie n d ly talk wanders into odd topics you're poorly informed on. 
P I S C E S (Feb. 19-March 
2o): 
Nobody does the or­ dinary nor gets too far out of line. Garden, knit, work on hobbies, an yth in g to keep your hands busy while you figure out mixed signals. 

 j Sling on a sarong — it’s 

CANDY STRIPE T by M elange for sassy sightseeing 

 vacation time 

“ Hello. Gladys? It’s me. I want to go over what I ’m packing so I don’t forget any­ thing. I’m doing it scientifi­ cally this time, from morning to night. 

“ First of all. we get up and boom. we go to breakfast wearing bathing suits under our culottes and a blouson top. 

“ Let’s say that’s a fizzle, zero action at the breakfast table, so the weather’s good and we go to the pool. 
I ’m in my black maillot or my blue check bikini with the detachable straps, or the new one with the South 
Seas print bandeau top and the matching sarong skirt. 

“ You know, don’t take this wrong, 
Gladys, but those sarong skirts are terrific because if you tie them right, who knows you’ve got a stomach roll? 

Tennis 

“ So. okay, we sit at the pool, we dip a little, check out who’s around and now it’s time to stroll to the tennis court. 
Yeah, I ’m packing my brother's racket but I’ll iust carry it. 

“ Remember that cute white cotton eyelet tennis outfit I saw? Well, I bought it. So I’m taking that plus a pair of bright green terry warm-up shorts with a terry tank top . . . I beg to disagree with you. Gladys, but green does not make me look washed out. Are you sore because I mentioned your stomach roll? 

 r By--------------------- 
ELLIE GROSSMAN 

"Anyway, it’s now time for lunch. so. boom, we go back to the dining room and I’m wearing my new white skinny jeans with a turquoise big top that works with my culottes and my short shorts, too. 

“ Now let’s say for argument’s sake nothing happens and we decide to do a little sight-seeing in the afternoon, you know, before we go back to the pool. 

“ I figure F II wear what I'm traveling in. my wrap skirt with a short-sleeve T. or maybe a halter top if it's really hot. 

Boom 

“ So boom boom boom we sight-see and it's time for the pool again and cocktails then, for which I’m packing at least one peasant blouse and a floral dirndl skirt with a ruffle. 
Okay, a flounce, what’s the difference? 

“ And then it’s dinner lime, we take 1 a little nap before, and zap, right into my blue crepe strapless jumpsuit which I will wear with the stole so I « don’t devastate the waiter. 
* 
“ But later, when we’re out on the town and we meet two fascinating men who will sweep us off our feet... * 

“ One more thing, Gladys. I’m tak­ ing two Agatha Christie's, how about you?’’ 

D R E A M o n th e s a n d s in g a u z e 
‘su n -d a n c e ’ dre ss by G il A im b e z 

R U F F L E D c a m i s o l e - b l o o m e r s b y 
A risto cra t for beach or b e d tim e 
11 old out for a wedding 

BEDSPREADS 

T W IN 
‘69 

D O U B L E 
‘79 

Q U E E N 
‘89 

K I N G 
‘99 

V alu es of $15o. to $24o. 

DEAR ABBY: 
I am a 24-year-old wo­ man who has had 
(Miough bad exper­ ience with men to fill a book. 
I 've always had a good figure and a pretty face. and I never had any trouble getting dates. 
The trouble is I want to get married, but none of the guys I ve gone with has wanted to marry me. 
They all want affairs, but not marriage. 
I have had two abor­ tions and have promised myself that I will not go to bed with another man unless he m arries me first. 
Sex never gave me much pleasure. I just gave in to please the guy. 
I'm going with a man now who keeps trying to get me into bed, but I’m holding out. He promised that if he gets me preg­ nant he will marry me. 
Now I ’m wondering if maybe that isn’t tilt* way to get him to marry me. 
I ’d really like to marry him. 

I’m so mixed up I don’t know vv hat to do. ('an you help me? - 
WANTS 
MARRIAGE 
DEAR WANTS: With regard to the man in your life: 
His promise to marry you if he gets you pregnant is about as worthless as he is. 
Stick to your decision. 
You’re beginning to gel it together. Don’t permit yourself to be used. 

Challenge 

DEAR ABBY: Did you know that some people actually can hardly wait to get the newspaper to read the divorce column? 
I think I will gag if I hear once more. “ Oh, did you see in the newspaper that so and so is divorcing her husband?’’ 
A piece of news like that seems to make some busybody's day. 
Abby, is there any good reason for publishing the names of those who have received divorce decrees? Personally I think it's an invasion of one’s privacy. GAGGING 

In areas where this 
“ public record” is not too extensive, newspapers publish it as a service to their readers. 

A public record, man­ dated by law, can hardly be considered an “ inva­ sion of privacy.” But if you think it is, why not challenge the law? 

Everyone has a prob­ lem. What's yours? For a personal reply, write to 
A B B Y : Express-News. 
Box 2171, Sun Antonio. 
Tex. 78297. 

BATH SHOP 
25% O ff 

ENTIRE SELECTION of bath rugs, towels, shower curtains, etc. 

 i 
2o% Off CUSTOM ORDERS 

Nettle Creek Shop 
Blanco Rd. at Loop 4 1 o 
STANLEY SQUARE 

D EA R 
GAGGING: 
Laws in every state re­ quire the registration of births, deaths, divorces and marriages. This is for both the public’s information and protec­ tion. 

PILLOWS 
SUPER B A R G A IN 

* 1.99 

UNPAINTED 
FURNITURE 
YOUR 
CHOICE 
S 2 o ’5 

SALE ENDS JUNE 11 

142 S.W. MILITARY • 924-5171 •• 6842 SAN PEDRO • 824-7249 

On the style scene 
Color speaks both boldly softly in this wardrobe 

By-------------------- 
MILDRED 
WHITEAKER 

BtP*ESS NEW S WOMEN S ECTO R 

Jgpr- 

Frobably no woman in San 
Antonio has a more persona­ lized — and complimented — style image than Sophia 
(Mrs. S. Peter) Lambros. 
And yet, where her w ardrobe is concerned, she says, “ I have no plan. Shopping is not a big thing. I just buy what I like when I happen to see it and feel that it is right for m e.” 
The clue to the stunning wardrobe is in the phrase “ that it is right for m e.” 
A size-8, brown-eyed brunette of 
Greek ancestry, Sophia Lam bros knows w hat’s “ rig h t.” She likes sim p le lines and bold co lo rs — especially prints — and her closets are filled with them. 
There are soft colors, as well, such as the new 
V alentino shirtwaist in pale violet silk chiffon 
— a calf-length dress which can be w orn for day or evening w ith a change of accessories. And she oc­ casionally wears black. 
Like most of her clothes, the Va­ lentino is beltless. 

Fabrics 

There are other guidelines which she instinctively follows when se­ lecting clothes. “ Low necklines, preferably V-shapes, are best for m e,” she says. “ Clothes m ust be comfortable, flexible and easy to get in and out of... 
She appreciates fine fabrics, and believes that fabric is often the chief difference in couture and less-ex- pensive labels. 
Although her closets house Dior, 
Givenchy, Blass, Cardin, Chanel, 
Valentino, Beene and other top la­ bels from this country and abroad, she doesn’t choose clothes with de­ signer names in mind. 
In fact, the favorite caftan she selected to wear for the photograph has no label. “ It was inexpensive,” she says. “ I liked it and felt it was right for m e.” 

 time pantsuits to bluejeans.” 
As an example of fashion flexibi­ lity, a wine print wool challis shift with slit neckline and fringed hem­ line by Givenchy can be worn alone 
— or changed completely with a camel blouse, boots and jewelry. 
“ I don’t have jew els,” she says with a smile. “ I have jewelry. And I like big jew elry.” For the photo- 

 v 

"v 
**r- * 

SO PH IA LAM BROS wears a favorite dress from her wardrobe, a caftan in a splash of blues, greens and yellow. p h o t o by h m d e a n jr 

We were chatting in her Olmos 
Park home — a spacious, gracious house of modern Oriental architec­ ture and a setting which seem s exactly right for Mrs. Lambros. 

We sipped tea as we talked, stop­ ping for occasional glim pses into her c lo se ts, w here clo th es a re grouped according to formality — 
“ from the dressier things to day­ 

I his is the second in a series o f weekly vignettes on San Antonio men and women who set a style pace in our city — a summer fashion bonus. 

 graph, she was wearing ivory drop earrings and ivory bracelets. 
Earrings are a natural accessory for her coiffure, which perhaps more than any other single factor sets the Sophia Lambros style. 
She is one of the fortunate women who can w ear her h a ir p arted smoothly in the center and pulled back into a neat bun at the nape of the neck. She’s no slave to a hairdresser! 
“ I’ve worn it like this since I was 
18,” she says. “ My husband wouldn’t want me to cut it.” 
Sophia and Peter Lambros (he’s a m anagement and financial consul­ tant) are from Chicago and have lived in San Antonio “ 13 lovely y ears.” T heir two daughters are 
Alexandra (Mrs. Tucker) Dom aud 
Chrys Lam bros, w’ho has just re­ ceived her law degree. Both have their m other’s sense of personalized style. 
The opera, symphony, ballet, art m useum s and Art L eague are am ong Sophia’s varied interests, and she works with many of these groups. 
“ My new project,” she says with enthusiasm , “ is m ental health — something which should concern all of us, as there are so o many people whose daily lives are clouded by depressions and anxieties.” 
She has accepted a chairm anship for the Galaxy Ball, a mental health benefit staged annually in one of the state’s m ajor cities. It will be held in San Antonio this fall. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday June 5 1977 

Wblfman’s 

We will be closed on 

 the next 5 Saturdays through 

 and including July 2nd. 

We look forward to seeing 

 you Monday through 

Friday. 

Whitman's 

Summer Sale 

Regrouped & reduced 
1 /2 and under 

Sizes 4 to 2o 

(There'sa good selection of 18s and 2o’s) 

Couture dresses —long and short and designer sportswear 

ARTS & CRAFTS CLASSES: 

June l l 
Macrame 
1:oo-3:oo 
2-2 Hr. Un. 
$12.oo 
June 13 
Beginners Oil 
Painting 
9:3o-11:3o 
4-2 Hr. Un. 
$25.oo 
June 15 
Beginners 
Weaving 
1o:oo-12:oo 
4-2 Hr. Un. 
$2o,oo 
June 16 
Silk Flowers 
1o:oo-12:oo 
2-2 Hr. Un. 
$15.oo 
June 18 
Tole 8 Decorative 
Painting 
1:oo-3:oo 
4-2 Hr. Un. 
$2o.oo 
June 2o 
Tole & Decorative 
Painting 
12:3o-2:3o 
4-2 Hr. Un. 
$2o.oo 
June 21 fabric Painting 
1:oo-3:oo 
2-2 Hr. Un. 
$15.oo 
June 15 
Priscilla Houser Decorative 
Video School 
1:oo-3:oo 
6-2 Hr. Un. 
$1o.oo 
GOURMET CLASSES: 

June 21 
Crepe Cooking 
9:3o-11:3o 
1-2 Hr. Un. 
$1o.oo 
June 24 
Gourmet 
Cooking H 
1o:oo-12:oo 
2-2 Hr. Un. 
$18.oo lune 28 
Souffie-Quiche 
1o:oo-12:oo 
1-2 Hr. Un. 
$1o.oo 

Ask granny about 

215o E. Hildebrand 

PLEASE CALL 824-2353 FOR RESERVATIONS 
Scrivener’s— 8 5 o 2 Broadway 

Express-News Want Ads 
225-1666 

Dear Ann Landers: 
A writer complained that her teenagers refused to visit their grandmother. 
You suggested they make the visits a history session -- to interview th eir g randm other and m ake tap es to reco rd 
“ living history.” 
T hat was a te rrific answ er. It should be im plem ented as a high school history class pro­ ject, all over the country 
. . . a la Alex (R oots) 
Haley. 
B ecause m y p a re n ts listened to th eir g ran d ­ p aren ts, I had a first- 

SPECIAL SELLING! . . . ZATZ CUSHIONED CREPE 
WEDGE 
IN 
CONTRASTING 
RED 
OR 
BROWN 
LEATHER ON NATURAL CANVAS. N 7-9, M 5-1o. 
OTHER STYLES AVAILABLE. ORIG. $18. NOW $12.9o 

(jT 
Guarantee 

North Star Mall and McCreless Stores Only 

W e accept American Express & other major credit cards 

 hand account of the Civil 
War, life in the Western territories and life in an 
Indian m issio n ary s ta ­ tion. 
B ecause m y fa th e r’s grandparents listened to 
THEIR p a re n ts and grandparents, my family has a living link with the 
American-Revolution. At 
9o, my father is a reposi­ tory of p ersonalized 
Americana. 
Resource 

When I taught junior high stu d en ts, I urged them , esp ecially those who descended from turn-of-the-century im ­ migrant families, to talk with their elderly re la ­ tives. 
What a rich resource they had, and what tre ­ m endous contrib u tio n s their fam ilies m ade to this country! Sad to say, many of these children looked on th e ir aged relatives with contempt. 
(Our culture could cer­ tainly learn from the 
Chinese.) 
Thanks for planting the seed. I hope it produces a rich harvest. — History 
Buff 
Dear B uff: 
So do I. 
Teachers should promote the idea — and students can help by suggesting it. 
Diet 
Dear Ann: 
I am a 
22-year-oId-girl with a serious problem. It began when I was 15 pounds overweight and trying to diet. 

I sta rte d by forcing myself to vomit if I ate something that made me feel guilty. That was a year ago. Now I gorge myself until nothing fat­ tening is left in the house. 
Then, I force myself to vomit. I do this about four tim es a day and can ’t stop. 
I told my best friend who has a minor weight problem . She laughed 
, and said, “ Will you teach 
-me that trick? It sounds 
.neat!” 

 roots 

God only knows what it’s doing to my insides! 
How can I stop? — Sick 
Gal 

Dear Gal: 
And you 
ARE sick. V ery. You need counseling and me­ dical advice at once. Go to your family doctor be­ fore you ruin your in­ sides. 
Smokers 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Our two sons are chain smokers. They light one cigarette off the other. 
One son lives near us and conies to visit often. The other one, I’m happy to say, lives out of town. 
My problem is sinus trouble. D uring the re ­ cent holidays when both boys w ere for several hours at a time smoking, 
I could hardly breathe. 
Do you know if there is such a thing as a mask a person could wear? If so, 
I will gladly buy one. 
Thanks for your help. — a Matter of Life and 
Breath 
Dear Matter: 
So your sons are chain smokers and you’re asking about a mask? Well, if you have a mouth you shouldn’t need a mask. 
Tell those two addicts th at th e ir c ig a re tte smoke makes you ill and they’ll have to find an alternative habit — chew gum, eat mints, go to a bathroom and light up or have a nicotine fit. 
CONFIDENTIAL to 
Sick About a Sick M ar­ riage: Before you see a law yer, try read in g 
“ Dance-Aw ay Lover,” by 
Hilary and Daniel Gold- stine. 
It contains com m on­ sense advice for people 
“ on the verge of sp lit­ ting.” (The publisher is 
William Morrow and the price is $8.95). 
Hope-Melp 

Is alcoholism ruining your life? Know the danger signals and what to do. Read the booklet, 
“ Alcoholism — Hope and 
Help,” by Ann Landers. 
Enclose 5o cents in coin with your request and a long, stam ped, self-ad­ dressed envelope to Ann 
Landers, Express-News, 
Box 2171, San Antonio, 
Tex. 78297. 

Maidenform dreams up Fitting Pretty. 
Fry it. Love it. Or keep it anyway and we’ll give you any other Maidenform Bra free. 

Thats how sure we are you'll love our Fitting Pretty bras. Because our special control-stretch fabric with Lycra" gives you all the support you need Plus more comfort and prettier styling than the support bra you're probably wearing now Fitting Pretty bras by 
Maidenform." In underwire,B-DD. Or firm softcup. B-D From $8-$ 1o. They're for keeps 

Just pick up a coupon where you buy Fitting Pretty and send it to Maidenform along with proof of purchase and 5oc to cover the cost of postage and handling 
MAIDENFORM 
Fitting Pretty ControRStretch Bras 

 r D u Font Vegntcwrd frAfhrcurk 
Pow tim t 
Aor roo nyluft 
Is*. 
Pm ii 4ft vujigctttd (turf 
Sp-md«.» 
P&lyctftr tx* lutist © lifetattoo fey Mfidwifocitt Int . 'XiiWfc Avenue. New Yolk. ISI Y 1oo16 

Available at All Fine Stores 

* 
* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NBW S— Sunday June 5 1977 

 the r ^ f enn* M 
M i 2 y m \ h'. 
PRE S U M M E R CLEARANCE SALE 

M i) 
^ 
SAVE FROM 5 o °° TO 75% NOW MOST ITEMS 
V 
WW^ItM i - V o ^ 1 OF A KIND A N IS U M c f t o p rio * -s a ii,:; ;; W 

D IA M O N D SOLITAIRE 

2.73 Carat smashingly brilliant clean solitaire set in 14 kt. whne gold Tiffany mounting one only 
•ooo.oo value................. N O W 
2.88 carat fine color very brilliant round diamond set in I 8 kt. Tif­ fany mounting 
•ooo.oo value................ N O W 
2.52 carat clean brilliant Mar­ quise cut diamond solitaire set in 
14 kt. white gold mounting 
•ooo.oo valve................. N O W 
2.43 carat extra fine color clear 
Marquise cut diamond set in 18 kt. wrote gold tiffany mounting 
•ooo.oo value....................... NOW 
1.97 carat brilliant clean pear shope diamond set in 14 kt. white gold 
6ooo.oo value................ N O W 
1.5o carat clean fine quality rounded cut diamond solitaire set in 14 kt. white gold 
6ooo.oo value................ N O W 
I Va carat fine color round cut dia­ mond solitaire set in 14 Kt yellow gold band. 
5ooo.o o ........................ N O W 

3995oo 

3995oo 

3 9 9 5 oo 

3 8 9 5 ° ° 

24 95oo 

1995oo 

1495oo 

2 carat genuine Emerald border ed by 14 fine full cut diamonds in 
14 kt. white gold 
125o.oo value................ N O W 
I carat marquise cut genuine emerald set in fabulous 
14kt yellow tapestry mounting 
4oo.oo value.................. N O W 
I carat pear shape genuine emerald dinner ring set with 22 fine full cut diamonds in 14 kt. yellow gold 
125o.oo value................ N O W 
495oo 
M E N ’S D IA M O N D R IN G S 

LADIES FANCY COCKTAIL 
D IA M O N D R IN G S 

6.5o carats of finest quality full cut diamonds set in a breathtak­ ing cluster mounting 
•ooo.oo value................ N O W 
3 carat fancy cocktail ring set with 16 fine marquise diamonds and 3 fine chartreuse canary and coffee colored genuine diamonds in 14 kt. white gold 
8ooo.oo value............. 
N O W 
3.5o carat fabulous cocktail ring set with 1.25 carat marquise cut diamond in center and bordered by 24 tapered baguette dia­ monds in 14 kt. white gold 
75oo.oo value................. N O W 
3 row ladies wedding ring set with 17 fine full cut diamonds total weight 1.5o carats in 14 kt. white gold 
125o.oo value 
...... N O W 
5 diamond single row wedding ring set with 5 fine full cut dia­ monds 1.25 carats total weight in 
14 kt. white gold 
895.oo value ............... N O W 

5 carat man’s cluster ring 7 large full cut diamonds set in 14 kt. yellow florentined mounting 
4ooo.oo value................ N O W 
2 carat large massive rectangular man’s cluster ring set with finest quality full cut diamonds in 14 kt. yellow mounting 
3ooo.oo value................ N O W 
1.35 carat fabulous diamond set in massive 14 kt. yellow gold tap­ estry design mounting 
3ooo.oo value ..................... NOW 
1 carat Texas Longhorn steer head diamond ring set with canary pear shaped diamond and 
2 tapered baguette in brushed I 4 kt. heavy yellow mounting 
275o.oo value................ N O W 
6 carat rare blue color star sap­ phire man’s ring in 14 kt. nugget design mounting set with 4 fine full cut diamonds 
2ooo.oo value................ N O W 

1195 

995 
OO 

2995 

2495 

795oo 
D IA M O N D H A M ILT O N W ATCHES 
OO 

OO 

2995 

495 

OO 

OO 

4 carat ladies Hamilton watch complete with double row dia­ mond bracelet set with 1o1 dia­ monds in white gold 
6ooo.oo value................ now 
46 diamond Hamilton complete with matching diamond bracelet in 14 let. white gold 
25oo.oo value................ N O W 
2 Va carat ladies tiny round petite watch complete with matching diamond bracelet 
25oo.oo value................ N O W 
34 Diamond Hamilton watch com­ plete with matching diamond bracelet 14 kt. gold white 
125o.oo value................ N O W 

2495 

1195 

995 

OO 

OO 

OO 

3 9 5 °o 

G EN U IN E CULTURED PEARLS 

395 
OO 
124” 

GENUINE EMERALD R IN G S 
1595 
OO 

57 carat fabulous oval Cabochon good color Columbian emerald bordered by 4o full cut diamonds in 14 kt. white gold mounting total gem weight 5v carats. 
856o.oo value................. N O W 
Rare fine gem quality Colombian 
Emerald 
2.5o carat. 
Ballerina design mounting set with 18 full cut round and 34 tapered ba­ guette diamonds 
12.o6o.oo value.............. N O W 
12 carat genuine Emerald border­ ed by 22 fine full cut diamonds in 
14 kt white gold 
35o6.oo value................. N O W 

3995 
OO 

4995oo 

1195oo 

3o inch long opera length lustrous pink rosee semi baroque strand 
25o.o6 velue.................. N O W large 8 V2 M M Gem quality finest quality uniform 3o inch opera length complete with 14 kt. ruby sapphire and emerald clasp 
4ooo.o6 velue................ N O W 
Long 3o inch opera gem quality uniform strand with 14 kt. double convertible clasp 
2ooo.oo value................ N O W 
All Famous Brand watches reduced up to ................. 
All 
Solid gold chains reduced ........................... 
All genuine stone necklaces reduced........................... 
Includes lapis jade coral, Amber 
Tiger Eye, Amethyst Bloodstone, 
Garnet Turquoise 14 kt. 
J T A ! ) / 
£ £ bangle bracelets.................. D U / o O i l 
Most items I of a kind, subject to prior sale 

7 9 5 o ° 
5o% 
5o% 
5o% 

Jmjsicj (.flitrite 

* * ' 
B u y six w a y s : 
" f * ’ 
C a sh B u d g e t, L a y a w a y , R a n k A m e ric a rd 
' 
.. M a s t e r C h a rg e , A m e ric a n E x p re ss 
* 4 2 8 N. St. M a r y ’s ;.,v 
Not Quite Af St. M e r y ’s at Pecan 

Med students check the public pulse 

Doctor’s housecalls went out with the Model-T but medical students from University of Texas 
Health Science Center have revived the almost forgotten prescription. 

R esponsible for the nine- year-old project, believed to be- unique in the United States, are 
Dr. Harry W. Martin, professor of psychiatry and sociology; 
Dr. Sue Hoppe, assistant pro­ fessor of psychiatry; and Dr. 
C harles Bowden, asso ciate professor of psychiatry, Dr. 
Martin is course director. 
Housecalls and individual fa­ mily studies are part of the course, Psychosocial Dim en­ sions of Health Care, required of all freshm en m edical stu­ dents. 
Dr. Martin says, “ The goal of the eight month course is to introduce stu d e n ts to basic p rin cip als of relatio n sh ip between hum an behavior, health and illness.” 
This y ear's class num bers 
135 with one third female stu­ dents. xperience 
Exp 

M E D STUDENT, Jan e H u gh e s a n d M rs. V io la T a y lo r counsel students in inform al session at school photo »y jose mwwa 

“ Purpose of the course is to give future physicians oppor­ tunities to observe the impact of illness on the individual and his family; to observe how they cope with problems that deal with illness and disease; to see how they deal with illness and disease; to see how they deal with locating health help; and first hand experience in te r­ viewing patients. 
First portion of the course is lecturing and studying for the actual field work. 
During the last portion, the students are divided into small groups of six to eight students. 
Groups are then assigned to approximately 2o clinics, com­ m unity agencies and school districts. 

Using the North East School district as a sam ple project, you find six medical students arriving eager to meet the tan­ gible side of their future car­ eers. 
Mrs. Viola Tyler, head nurse, coordinates the program. Other nurses involved are Vincy Ann 
Dunn, Olivia San Martin, Mary 
Wiiiiams, Peggy Wright, .loan 
Thompson and Dotty Trenton. 
Two professionals working with this group are Dr. John 
Sparks, chief of psychiatry at 
Lackland Medical School and 
Dr. Dup McCann, of San An­ tonio Children’s Center. They are UTHSC staff members. 
Nurses from the district se­ lect children who they feel may have problem s and contact their parents and tell them about the program. The project is explained — visitation in the home, interviews with family m em bers and consultations with teachers, counselors and adm inistrators. Case histories are then compiled and group sessions with staff m em bers held. No family has ever said, 
“ No.” 
Then each student selects two families to work with. 
Mrs. Tyler says, “ The most vital point to our success is the confidentiality of all interviews and contacts.” 
Each of the other school dis­ tricts, community agencies and clinics have sim ilar working plans. 
Dr. M artin says, “ We see positive results of the course although the true value is not 

 apparent to the student until he faces those first patients as a full-fledged doctor. 
“ I would guess IO per cent of the students are excited over the course, IO per cent are turned off by it and the rest are somewhere in between.” 
On evaluation sheets, 73 per cent of the students felt it would help them understand prob­ lems patients have obtaining health care. 
Approximately 63 per cent felt they would be better physi­ cians because of the course and 
75 per cent expressed positive feelings about the co u rse. 
Dr. Hoppe says , “ Most fa­ milies are interested, even in­ trigued, in a program which helps young men and women become better physicians.” 
And Dr. Martin says. “ We all are gratified with the coopera­ tion of the community which has made a great contribution to the education of future phy­ sicians. The Medical School is heavily indebted to them .” 
While individual cases and problems are not important to the general public, the wide range of assets gained mean a lot to the community. 
One great accom plishm ent m edical students achieve is p erfectin g th e ir in terv iew methods, learning to put the patient at ease, to gain his con­ fidence and to learn what in­ formation is vital. 
All m ake m istakes or boo­ book in first interviews, hut they learn confidence by over­ coming these. 
Medical students learn, too, that a broken arm , a case of arthritis or a malignancy affect more than just the physical portion of your body. Your m ental health, emotional in­ 

 fluences and fam ily environ­ ment are also im portant. 
They study the unique prob­ lem s that each person en­ counters from the natal stage to old age. 
Dr. Martin says, “ They learn adaptive processes. All facets must be considered. Medicine is not just pathology. Families are involved in individual health.” 
Resources 

Dr. Hoppe says. “ One of the most important things students discover are resources availa­ ble in the com m unity while seeking solutions to their case families’ problem s in health, recreation, social and welfare areas. 
“ Many visitors and physi­ cians are im pressed with the program ,” Dr. M artin says, and many physicians wish they had had this opportunity. 
The lecture content changes some each year and improve­ ments and upgrading of ideas are added, but basically the course is still pretty much as it began. 
Families chosen are from a wide spectrum of our city. 
Some have severe health prob­ lems — some m ild or none. 
In the field students discover the wide range of attitudes of the public tow ards m edical care. 
The very young physician has lo learn that there is no magic healing wand that they can use to cure every patient... 
Human beings adapt to their surroundings, good or bad, and the better u n d e rsta n d in g a physician has of their adaptive processes, the better chance he has of using it to his patient’s advantage. 

Many local organizations and clubs have already named new officers, others will be doing so in a short time. We’d like to update our current information. Please clip and re­ turn this form: 
1977-78 
Club registration 

Name of c lu b ...................................................... 

Name of presid en t............................................. 

A ddress................................................................ 

Daytime telephone num ber.............................. 

Date elected........................................................ 

Publicity ch airm an .......................................... 

A ddress.............................................................. 

Daytime telephone num ber............................ 

Please complete this form and return it to the 
Women’s Department. San Antonio Express and News, P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex. 
78297 by June IO. 

NO M A R OR PHONE oRDJER5 PLEASE 
All M e rd iu h d fie Guaranteed to Be As Represented 

# 
A 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
Page • 7-E 

 do the walking 

Of course, you realize 

John E. Purcell is blind when you meet him. 

You tend to forget it when you set* what a dynamo he is and what he has accomplished since he lost his sight That was eight years ago when he was hit by a car in 
Lubbock. 
With the help of un Optaeon. he can read printed matter'in a book or newspaper, on a can of food O l­ in a lib rary’s card catalogue. 
Learning wasn’t easy. 
The Optaeon is a camera with 
14H micro-lenses. As you run it over a word, the images of the letters are transferred into vi­ brations transmitted to the index finger of your left hand. The vi- brations are received through minute gold pins. 

Professor 

Purcell heard about the machine a professor invented for his blind daughter so she could read her college text books. At the 
Western Blind Rehabilitation 
Center. VA Hospital in Palo Alto, 
Calif., Purcell took an intensive five-week training course. He worked five to six hours a day, five days a week. 
In spite* of a finger entirely numbed by the vibrations at times. Purcell not only mastered the required five words a minute. he was reading 18 words a minute at the end of the course. 

 r B v - 

EVE LYNN SAWYER 

The VA got him the machine, whic Ii costs over $5,ooo. As far us 
Purcell know s, it is the only one in 
San Antonio. 
When Purcell was blinded, he was 22 years old and a private pilot flying an air taxi service. 
"At first I thought my whole life was over —that I wouldn't be able to do anything but sell brooms or mops. 
" I began thinking about what I was faced with, and I decided a blind man can be as successful as he wants to be. With faith in God and in my ability, I knew I could prosper." 
Since that day, Purcell has had three successful businesses —an employment agency in Little 
Rock. an electronics company in 
Austin and an Aniway distribu­ torship in San Antonio. 
Ile is allowing himself five years to get to th** top in this company, and is convinced he will achieve his goal. 
Above and beyond this ambition is his vocal career. Purcell has been a singer for 15 years, start­ ing in the country and western field, and now in gospel music. He sings with an orchestrated tape that includes a chorus. 
He has performed at Camelot 
Christian Center, Palm Heights 
Baptist Church, Faith Chapel and 

 before the San Antonio Pastors’ 
Association He hopes to cut an album with Rainbow Records if he can get the financing 
Other skills of 
P u rce ll’s 
—swimming, water skiing and karate —have been advanced since his accident. He even uses power woodworking tools and made the bookshelves in his home office. 

Family 

Purcell lives with his wife. 
Cindy, and their 8-year-old daughter. Wendy, in Windsor 
Square. Cindy is a bookkeeper at a company that makes counter tops and cabinets. The couple has been iii San Antonio seven years. 

Sunday evening she and Wendy will be rooting for him as he plays in the Celebrity All-Stars Game at 
B J. Keefe Field . In this beep baseball game, members of the media will hi- blindfolded to play with those who can’t soc. 
This is just one more accom­ plishment in Purcell’s positive thinking. " I ’ve learned that peo­ ple don't solve problems — God solves problems. A problem is a negative attitude. 
"People solve situations. A si­ tuation is an obstacle. In every obstacle, there’s an opportunity. 
With the right motivation, you can go around it." 
It's a philosophy from which wd can all benefit. 

Daisies Are Forever 

Hand painted anti hunch tufted > litchi dui-w 

< handelier in fit sh 1 1 titns of v,ellnu git t ti mid white 21 wide \ In high 
Visit our sh* JU tot >m to set' our Im ne se let tit >n 

 of hand (Minted rhandehets 

RIO. 
SPECIAL 

*89.95 
HI wold I) iMCt tins 

MHN f h i rm iH S 

H to h 
H II) H 

HA N H A M I Hit: AHO 

MASUR CHARI,I 

Rf VOl VMW CRF Oil 
Cl AN 

LIGHTING applia n c es w a l l co verings c a r p e t in g 

I OOH O O A ? 'VANCE j a c k s o n 
> > ; , 
, 

Here’s an honest-to-goodness reading lamp. 

S i j g l i t >L i f g h t 

A lamp that lights the page — sewing — or your game. Not the entire room. A lam that gives up to 5 times the light of con­ ventional lamps, completely glarefree. 

Enjoy maximum “ Seeing 
Comfort.” 

Adjusts to 5 2 " high. Arm turns full circle. Heavy-weighted base. 
Latest decorator colors combined with solid satin brass. Metal tole share. 

Ih o n k ie s J C (imp lS hop 

2418 N. M AIN AVE. 
SAN ANTONIO, TEX. 78212 

Letting his 

IS OPEN 
THE STREET 

JOHN E. PURCELL reads with Optaeon even though he cannot see 
PHOTO BY RON JONES 

 i i J I J 
M 

• f 
Sum m ery soups are 

June party 

 is planned 

Women of the Moose, 
Chapter No. 1o75, will sponsor a birthday party for children at the Chil­ dren s Shelter who cele­ brate their birthdays in 
June. 
The party will be at 
Saturday at the C h il­ dren's ('enter. 
Mrs. Lou Green and 
Mrs. Margin Dickson are hostesses. 

NOW YOU CAN STEP 
INTO YOUR KINNEY SHOE 
STORE AT 651o SAN PEDRO 

 and get a great deal for your feet* 
Save 2o% 

Cool off summer guests with a dainty demitasse or hefty mug of cold soup, the category for the next 
San Antonio News food section contest. 

Start with the season’s fresh vegetables, adding yogurt, cream, broths, seasonings. Be creative with the garnishes. 
Dream up something 

 colorful as well as crunchy. 
Five dollars will go to the person entering the best cold soup recipe by mailing it to Food Editor. 
The News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, 
Tex. 
78297 before June 9. 
Write your recipe on one side of a sheet of paper, tell why it is your favorite and sign your name, giving your ad­ dress and daytime tele­ phone number. 

Only tested recipes are eligible, and only one entry from each contes­ tant will be considered. 
The winning cold soup recipe will he published 
June 28. Watch for the winning frozen salad recipe on June 9 and the winning recipe using hot dogs on June IB. 

North 
S M Star 
M T Mall 

SALUTES 
;V 
HARRY FREEMAN’S 
BIRTHDAY 
H ; 
FOR THE 
> 
I 
MAR CH OF DIMES 
CELEBRATION 
- " SAT., JUNE I 8, I 977 
JOE FREEMAN COLISEUM; r C S n ® 
APPEARING — 

ROY CLARK, JIMMY DEAN, REX ALLEN, ' V -’ CV 

FREDDY FENDER 
2 
S S g ] 

TICKETS ON SALE— JUNE 6-11 IN MALL 

 y rn 
IAT 

As a special welcome, everyone of our shoes for men, women and children are priced down a full 2 o % ! 

Visit us Monday, June 6, and we will give you 2 o % off the regular price on every pair of shoes, every pair of socks, every handbag, EVERYTHING! 

You’ll also find a huge selection of shoe styles, real convenience and superior service. Our store at 651o San 
Pedro is designed for browsing and shopping, and our 
Kinney people are experts at fitting shoes and making friends. 

Come see why thousands of San Antonians have made us their favorite family shoe store. 

Step into Kinneys, Monday, June 6th and SAVE 2 o % ! 
This savings is available O N LY at Kinney’s Shoes, 651o 
San Pedro. 

 mney 

The Great American Shoe Store 

6 5 1 o SAN PEDRO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday June 5 1 9 7 7 

Gretclien oils the wheels at Casa Blanca 

The lines of authority in 
Jim m y and Rosalynn Carter’s 
W hite House ii re so clearly drawn, social secretary (Iretchen 
Poston can't even tell you where the food comes from when the 
President eats in the Oval Office or in the Cabinet Room with guests. 
“ It’s lint my concern.” says Mrs. 
Poston, one of those rare persons who has no inquisitiveness about other 
People's business hill takes care of her own to perfection. 
But the minute the President steps over the line from the West Wing into the Mansion and has a bite to eat below the second floor, or men a press con­ ference in the Past Room — that’s her business. 
She s iii charge of everything on the public floors of the Mansion from chairs or other equipment to menus decorating, entertainment, programs, invitations and the scenarios (printed countdowns) for all the above which must be disbursed to ail White House 

 personnel involved. 
If the P resident is only having 
“ coffee, juice and Danish” with con­ gressional leaders in tho first floor family dining room at nine in the morning, she is there at 8:3o to super- 
\ ise. 
Second floor 
But again, the instant the President and First Lady go up to the second 
Boor, any entertaining they do — whether of members of Congress or personal friends or even state visitors 
— it’s no longer Mrs. Poston's busi­ ness. 
The second floor and up — Amy’s parties, family affairs, etc. — arc the concern of Rosalynn’s closest friend and personal assistant, Madeline Mac- 
Bean. 
And the fact that Poston doesn't have to give one second’s thought to acti­ vities in the family quarters gives her more time lo dream up some stunning successes. 
The motif for a recent party was so special it ended up in a museum. Uke all her party themes, said Brotchen, it evolved from batting ideas back and 

 forth with the First Lady “ who sets the guidelines.” 
Proficient Poston may not have to confer with her informed and definite boss more than three times a week for 
15 minutes, although Mrs. Carter is the first First Lady to have an office down tile hall where she tries to keep 9-to-5 hours. 
Starting with the plan to have a presidential hand-crafted souvenir book on the history of crafts in America to give to everyone attending the luncheon for Senate wives, they wound up getting the IO master potters and IO master glass blowers of the nation to produce Pi place settings for each table. 
Renwick Gallery cataloged the top quality collection and is now exhibiting a sample from each contributor, and museums in (California and Wisconsin have asked to show the hand-crafted art later. 
Even "working dinners’’ for state visitors require a lot of trimmings, though all-male attairs except tor 
Commerce Secretary Juanita Kreps. 
“ The President has asked for a 

 string quartet at every working dinner. 
That was a direct request,*’ said Pos­ ton. 
He wants them to play for 12 minutes in the dining room immediately fol­ lowing dessert. 
For the dinner for Crown Prince 
Fahd of Saudi Arabia, she brought 
Music of the Baroque (harpsichord and three strings) from Chicago. 
The Richmond Wind Quartet played for the King of Jordan, the Tokyo 
String Quartet (now in residence at 
American University) played for J a ­ pan’s prime minister. 
Dreaming up trim m ings for the 
Fahd dinner was not so easy. The Saudi colors are green and white with a palm tree on their flag and crest. But it took some scouring of this region to locate available palm trees to put in the corners of the state dining room. 
Dark green moire tablecloths were made for the occasion, and white mints with palm trees on them were served after the crown roast of lamb dinner along with the usual Arab preferences 
— pistachio nuts and dates. 
Foreigners appreciate such thought­ ful touches in the No. I U.S. residence. 

Prices effective 
June 6th, 7th & 8th 
Also Good at B roadw ay 
Location Sunday. June 5 

FIRST QUALITY 
ONLY 

O j o 

GV) 
G V ) 

O r o 

G V ? 

O 
T 
O 

( J V S 
( V S . 

C V 

 o 

VMI OF VA*-' 

9 9 
6o 
STRETCH 
TERRY 

 l i n ^ l i l Mililan i' m i n i s un' t h e In tu it n r l e i s u r e 
;vi'iir, l i n s y ( ( l i e p o l y e s t e r m il l a c r y l i c . l i e p 
.(.ON 

YARD 

4 5 " SEERSUCKER 

( j n n p l e t e se le c t io n of .stripes, p h i a l s t a a l p r i n t s . 

I L i i v a iI s u m m e r f l u o r i t e . P o l y e s t e r m a l l o t ­ 

 i o n b li n i ! r e q u i r e s 
N O i r o n i n g . 
Rep,. 2 . S S 

\ d i n e 

Spotl iglu b ash ions 
PRINTED S L I N K Y 
INTERLOCK K N IT 

COORDINATING 
GABARDINE 

GO" snit m n! lovely UHL < polyester mock inter­ lin k prints in Luscious full colors coorilinntcil 
:vith solid color (Gabardine. 

 v>. 

 cf 
/ 

YARD 
YARD 

9 9 
6o 
T-SHIRT 
KNITS 

( i n a n y w h e r e fashion. The most versatile fab­ ric. La sy care polyester anil cotton. 
Rep. 2.SS 

4 5 " 
FLOCKED 
SHEERS 

S h e e r f a n t a s y by the y a r d . 
Rep. LOS 

> f 
Y AR D 

YA R D 

 it* ii 

% 

‘J 
^ 
V 
A 

 a a 
JT 
| I I J * 
I 
« 
J k [ \ I 

\ 

MONDAY, JUNE 6 ONLY 
MEASURE YOUR OWN 

C 
LACE 5 
YARD 

WHILE QUANTI TIES LA ST 
LIMIT IOO YARDS 

 it M ilt 

J 

 f 
9 3 3 P iM tS A N T O N 
O I*.T T I J 

. S T U C * . V 
T 
I . 

I 1 4 2 3 PER R IN M I T H HO. 
M w * H# ftJJ ftlftl 
oP m A OATS A WIIK 
Am 4n t M 4J# f PJI Wit 9 It 4 9 M 

T 
J 7 1 3 W U R Z B A C H 
) ta n tr a id 
W w i, No OMA? S3 i i 
OUN A DATS A W IIK 
J k 
In TH T IA |« I SO A I A 
J 

*>©n* No * 7 ) 71*) 
OWN ft OAT J A WIIK 
^ 
Am Ii* ♦ JC *.* 9 PH fc. 9 JC 6 f rn g 

 f 
4 S 1 5 H O L D W A Y 
I 

A m t* 
111 144o 
OWN ft OATS A W IIK j 
IH ft JC A M 
J 
L 
9 7 M i w I t t i l l 
A 

 r 
6 o 1 4 W IS T A V E N U E 
1j 
Cern** 
Avmnvm £ Loop 41o 
I 
Wvon* N« 14ft*! Iftft 
I 
OMN ft OATS A WIIK 
J 
L 
J 

SCISSORS SHARPENED 

Rubricated and Adjuste< 
FREE 

All Work Done W hile You Shop 
Professional Sharpeners— Mr. & Mrs. W. L. Gettle 
SUNDAY 11:oo-6:oo 
MON. & TUE. 
JUNE 5th 
JUNE 6th & 7th 
481 5 BROADWAY 
8125 MEADOWLEAF DR. 
W ill be at Cloth World the above days to sharpen your scissors. Limit one pair to be sharpened FREE. 
Small charge for pinking shears, electric scissors and extra scissors. — 
HOURS 
— 
9:3o-6:oo 

I M H !] 

'Faces’ to be shown 

Friends of the late 
Louise 
Clairm ont have gathered some 
7o portraits the artist painted over the years, and will hold an exhibition of them from 2 to 5 p.m. this 
Sunday in the 
Koehler 
Cultural 
Center. 
The show is entitled 
“ Faces of San Antonio” and is being sponsored by the San Antonio Art 
League. About 
2o of 
Louise’s floral waterco­ lors will also be on view. 
Some of San Antonio’s best-known personalities, their children and grandchildren have been loaned by the ow ners. 
Many of them will be on hand so the guests can com pare 
“ th e n ” to 
“ now.” 
P o rtra its are of 
Howard Ferguson, Dor­ othy Berkowitz with chil­ dren, Susan and David on a piano stool, Mary Ann 
Noonan Guerra, Charles 
Becker in 1947, Paul 
Herder and the late Nel- da Cordts. 
Mad Woman 
Mrs. David Sacks will appear as the lead in the 
"M ad Woman of Chail- lot” , which she played for the San Antonio Little 
Theater in 1951. Others arc Mrs. Gerry Fraser 
Moss, 
M rs. 
E stelle 
Blackburn and Miriam 
McGary. 
Individual p o rtra its will be shown of Dr. John 
Worsham Sr., his son, 
Dr. John Worsham Jr., and his daughter, Linda 
Mahon. Robert Busch- m an’s portrait will be alongside his son and 

 daughters, Guy Bob. 
Gretclien and Kristen 
Busehman. 
Mrs. 
Alexander 
J. 
Oppenheimer’s portrait will be shown, as will 
Linda W orsham’s as a baby. Louise’s siste r. 
Eran Pickens, of New­ port, Ark., will be in­ cluded along with Mrs. 
Dawson Bray of Dallas. 
The Art League board was supposed to meet downstairs at the Koehler center, while some of the p o rtraits were being hung upstairs. The board members were so inter­ ested in seeing the por­ traits, they had a hard time tearing themselves away for the meeting. 
Hours 
The show will hang through Jun e 19. The 
Koehler Cultural Center is open to the public at no charge from IO a.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesday through 
Friday, and from I to 4 p.m. 
Saturday and 
Sunday. 
Almost everyone in San 
Antonio has seen Louise 
C lairm ont’s work. She painted the Cam ellia 
Room at Joske’s, the out­ door old San Antonio street scene at the Lone 
Star Brewery, El Mata­ dor Restaurant, a mural in the Alamo Heights Na­ tional Bank and La Quin­ ta Motels. 
The Louise Clairmont 
M em orial 
Fund was started last year to go to the best portrait in the 
Art L eague’s annual showing. The first winner was Louis Lubbering for a portrait of his wife en­ titled “ Jaded .” Others wishing to contribute to this continuing aw ard may do so through the 
Art League. 
Club project entries due 

 ll tourism is the backbone of our city, churches the soul, universities the brain and industry the muscle — then the club­ women must be the heart. l o recognize th e ir graved plaques contributions to the city, the Express-News is once again sponsoring their 
Club P roject Contest. 
Follow the rules below, and seven w inners will be announced this fall. 

ELIGIBILITY - Any organized group in San 
Antonio, federated and non-federated clubs, par­ ent-teach cr groups, fra­ ternal groups, patriotic and m ilitary organiza­ tions, church societies, sorority alum nae or non-college sororities, ci­ vic, social, etc. 
CATEGORIES - The 
Club Project Contest in­ cludes two categories: at Clubs with a m em ­ bership of 5o or less b. Clubs with a m em ­ bership over 5o 

AWARDS 
- 
One overall sw eepstakes award will be presented to a club selected from both categories. F irst place, second place and honorable m ention awards will be presented in each category. 
Overall aw ard — e n ­ graved silver bow l 
F irst aw ard — e n ­ graved silver bowls 
Second aw ard — en- 

Honorable mention - engraved plaques 

CONTEST DATES - 
E ntries m ust be filet with the San Antonio Ex press-News Scene-Li restyle Department no later than Friday, July I 
Projects must have heel started after the openini of the club year; in casi of a continuing projec only the accom plish ments of the current yea may be entered and Vi I be considered for ai award. Winners will bi announced in the fall. 

TYPER OF PROJECTS 
— Community service ii any one of the following fields: youth, education health, safety, welfare beautification, govern ment and citizenship care of the aged, vet cr ans’ aid and welfare. TR project may be a com bination of several o these categories or an; other community work ; club may do. but must fi within the current yeai 
(either club year or cal endar year) — not pas accomplishments. 

Deadline is Fridaj 
July I. 

WHITE HOUSE social secretary G retchen Poston shares a joke w ith Chief of Protocol Even Dobelle 

MMI Me* wed4in<i 
^ ^ 
Couple to honeymoon at coast 

Miss Mary A nnalisa 
W illm ann becam e the bride of Jack Edwin 
Mutschleehner, Saturday in St. A nn’s Catholic 
Church. Officiating at the ceremony were the Rev. 
P e te r O’Callahan and 
Norman Starling. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. 
Anton IV. Willmann. The groom's parents are Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Edwin 
C. 
M utschleehner of San 
Marcos. 

Matron of honor was 
Mrs. S. J. Glaeser and maid of honor was Tonia 
W illm ann of Houston, both sisters of the bride. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. 
Joe Ayers Jr., Belinda 
Mutschleehner, Melissa 
Glaeser and Mary Lee 
Bauml. Flower girl was 
Amice Ross. 

Serving as best man was Joe Collins. Grooms­ men were ‘ Clay Mutseh- 

MRS. J . E. 
MUTSCHLECHNER 

 lechner, brother of the groom. Jack Major and 
Chuck Cockran, all of San 
Marcos, Chris G laeser a- u Les Glaeser. Assist­ ing as usher was Stan 
Glaeser. 

A reception was held at the Kelly AFB Officer’s 
Club. 

The couple will honey­ moon at the coast. 

 fp illiam 
Millsaps vows said 

Miss Carol Joan Mill­ saps became the bride of 
Gary Lee W illiam s of 
College Station. Saturday in the Perry Chapel of 
Methodist Mission Home. 
Officiating at the cere­ mony were the Rev. Al­ bert E. Loudon and the 
Rev. Peter McKenna. 
Parents of the bride are 
Mr. and Mrs. John ll. 
Millsaps Jr. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Elwin P. W illiam s of 
Karnes City. 
Maid of honor was Joan 
P fluger of 
Houston. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. 
Chris Barre of Karnes 
City, Jan Barto of Gran­ bury, Cindy Hutchinson of Robstown and Janis 
Smith. 
Serving as best man was Gary Lynn Weise of 
Thorndale. Groomsmen were Jam e s Cooper of 
W eatherford, 
Robert 
Thonhoff of Seguin, Mark 
Williams of Karnes City and Don Millsaps. 

MRS. G. L. 
WILLIAMS 

A ssisting as ushers were Dean IL Krueger, 
Chris B arre, C harles 
Ehlers and Rick Richter. 
Also attending was Ri­ chard Davis. 
A reception was held at the Oxford United Meth­ odist Church Fellowship 
Hall. 
After a wedding trip to 
Austin, the couple will reside at College Station. 

Newlyweds to live iii 
Rosenberg 

Miss Mary Catherine 
Flammia and Frederick 
W. T e rry exchanged marriage vows, Saturday in Sunset Ridge Church of Christ Chapel. Mike 
McAlister officiated. 
Parents of the bride are 
Mr. and Mrs. Harold VV. 
Flammia Sr. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Ernest Terry. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs. James Booth. Maid of honor was Mollie Fre­ derick. 
B ridesm aids 
Mrs. Harold VV. Flammia 
Jr., Mrs. Daniel F la m ­ mia, 
Mrs. 
Rowland 
Barnes, Mrs. Clarence 
Peterson, Mrs. Kenneth 
Fairley and Melinda 
Terry, 
Serving as flower girls were Gina Marie Flam ­ mia and Lisa Clark. 
R ingbearers w ere Mi­ chael Jason F lam m ia and John Barnes Jr. 
Best man was Larry 
Glenn. Groomsmen were 
Harold F la m m ia J r ., 

* San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 19 7 7 

Coppet Cafte 

 by Ted O 'b re n I 

MRS F. VV 
T E R R Y 

Daniel Flammia, Row­ land B arnes. Kenneth 
Fairley and 
Ja m e s 
Booth. 
U shers were 
Ronnie Graham, William 
Brizendine and Michael 
Kowalezyk. 
A reception was held at 
J im m y ’s 
Mexican 
Restaurant following the ceremony. 
The couple will reside in Rosenberg. 

 fyiore w edding belles^jj^^,-impure w edding belles'^i?te» moretW edding faelles 

Forsters marry on 
Saturday 

Miss Deborah DeBusk of Carrizo Springs and 
C harles Phillip Forster of 
Karnes City were m a r­ ried Saturday in Our 
Lady of 
G uadalupe 
Church of 
Carrizo 
Springs. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Kelly 
DeBusk of Asherton and the late Mr. DeBusk. She was given in marriage by her brother. Sherman 
DeBusk of Austin. The groom is the son of Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Charles 
J. 
Forster. 
Maid of honor was Amy 
Dudley of Corpus Christi. 
The gro om ’s father served as best man. 

MRS. C. P. FO RSTER 

After a wedding trip to northern New Mexico, the couple will live in 
Karnes City. 

PRECIOUS 

Methodist vows unite newlyweds 

Trinity United Metho­ dist Church was the set­ ting S aturday for the wedding of Miss Sandra 
Elaine Gorczynski and 
John Thomas Ferguson. 
The Rev. Paul Perry of­ ficiated. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
John P. Gorczynski of 
Abilene. The groom is the son of Mrs. Ira Floyd 
Ferguson. 
Maid of honor was 
M arsha 
G orczynski. 
Bridesmaid was Susan 
Willoughby. Serving as flower girl was Ariana 
Levinson. 
Best man was William 
Nakayama. Groomsman was Doug Andrew. As­ sisting as ushers were 

MRS. J. T. FERGUSON 
Paul (Ramona, Thomas 
Cummins, 
Dale 
Gorc­ zynski and 
C h a rle s 
McNaughton. 
A reception was held at 
Carpenter Hall following the ceremony. 

Epp- Ward nuptials repeated 

The marriage of Miss 
Cynthia Lynn Ward and 
Jam es Henry Epp was solemnized Friday in St. 
M atthew ’s 
Catholic 
Church by the Rev. Ri­ chard Kramer. 
The bride is the daughter of Edwin Ward of Cuero, and Mrs. Shir­ ley Ward. The groom s paents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Edward Epp. 
Maid of honor was Su­ san Carter. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Michael La 
Macchia. Mrs. Michael 
Sedgwick and Mrs. Wil­ liam Epp. 
Serving as best man was 
W illiam 
Epp. 
Groomsmen were Wayne 
Collie, Fernando Fuentes and 
Mike 
Sedgwick. 
Ushers were Bob Kruse, 

MRS. J. II. E P P 

Gary Peterson and John 
Ward. 
A reception was held in 
The Gazebo at Los Patios. 

The couple will hon­ eymoon iii Austin. 

H ow T o R e s t o r e Life W ith H o p e ach h u m a n being, in Iii* own p ecu liar wav, has a weakness, physical, m ental o r econom ical. T o recognize and respect it is certainly a m ark of charity. 
T h ere are those w ho suffer greatly h u t cannot or even refuse to tell t h a t ’s in their hearts, vet they slowly go th e ir wav full of inward distress. Because suf­ fering fractures n orm al relationship with others. e \e ry patient to som e extent. punishes him self. He mav he likened to th e L Y . set whose tu be is burnt out and. iii a certain sense, is sick because it prevents cofuuiuuiratioti with dram a, current events, com edy aud to day ’s ii\ing. 
So often we ask: 
W hy. w hy has distress au d depression and pain aud loneliness been sent to us w hen th e re is so m uch happiness all a ro u n d ? VV by are we one of th e very few chosen to b u rd en such problem s w hen o th e r’s hucks are so m uch stronger th a n ours?" 
I firmly believe that each o f us carries a load: som e heavier, som e lighter. some physicallv-sonie mentally, som e econom ically and even som e over af­ fluently. I fu rth e r believe that if each o f us were ordered to g ath er arou nd a massive table for judgem ent: m ade to subm it a full record of o u r individual pro­ blems an d 1111'11 th e m in for all to read each o th er's . . . we would waul ou r own load to carry. 
VV bv A rc VV e B u r d e n e d ? 
P erhaps suffering has been o u r rew ard because we have been too narrow and selfish in o u r yiew of it. and also to p rep are us for o u r long neglected work iii helping others. Just as the willow feels the sorrow of the widow: just as the poverty stricken o n e shows m ore sy m p ath y for th e poor. so can sorrow aud suf­ fering heroine o u r school, ou r pulpit th at aw aken and ordain us as 
D octors ol 
( ^im passion." 
T ho u g h yye cann ot love the w eaknesses of others, yet \ic eau love th e ur.ik and hear th eir infirm ities, lint such love must he patient, tolerant ami intended only for benefits to others, not fo r profits to ourselyes. T o us laym en, rem em ­ ber! Infants are not east out of th e do ors because they cry ami are annoying, lo ou r clergym en am i doctors, rem em ber! V ou cannot do anything for any patient you dislike. Theology ami m edicine p ro sp er mainly iii luxe, in patience, iii com ­ passion. VV hen yo ur congregant or p atient sees yo ur face is bright itll laughter ami your soul sincere vs itll com passion, you can reyive hill) with y o u r gladness. 
Ami it is no small thing to restore life and hope to a limn. i i i being! 
How T o Fill Y o u r H a rp e ! N eed s 
My half cen tu ry of studying am i p ro bing-experim enting aud experiencing carpet in all o f its changes ami progress. I now know full well thai th ere is a carpel m ade to fill every' need. Yo u r successful spending of carpet dollars will he positive if you: First . . .study y ou r everv need, color-wise, textnre-wise. prac­ ticability-\y ise and budget-wise. Second . . . ask questions about th e strengths ami yyeaknesses o f th e product (c a d i carp et has som e of each). Third . . . simp thoroughly , patiently aud wisely. F o u rth . . . he positive of the w o rkm anship of the m echanics. VV hen "farm ed out installers do th e job. you may Im* left It* the mercy of a third party to your co n tract, com paratively a stranger. Fifth . . . iii* yes! carefully iii tile tyyo priceless ingredients .. . the h o n o r ami integrity ol the dealer and th e respected reputation of th e milt that produces the pro du ct. Sixth 

. . . i n s i s t on a plainly yyrittcn contract plus a registered and certified w ritten .» year W O R K M A N S H IP VV ARR V M V 
R em em ber! I h ere is a product and a reliable dealer that clin fill your needs successfully. 
N ext VV cek 
VV e will discuss: 
’Protective m easures that let your carpet look lovelier longer." I ut ii th e n , th in k this over: 
// n e fin in t a fit ft or on ort of < ani po s.sum a n d expect u return for it. it is no longer a yif t. m erely o trode. 

Inq uire A b o u t------------------------- ----------------- 

• Im portant b o o k let on I ai pet I arc 

,• Plum e. VVjiUi, o r Visit led O ’Kj’v.m 
• 
Sam J ’cd f y 
227-7J87, 

 iwore w edding R elies 
+T*iot*e w ed d in g b elles + 

Baker-Ploetz vows solemnized Saturday 

Miss Gail PloetZ and 
Dr. Ronald B aker ex­ changed marriage vows, 
Saturday in Our Lady of 
Lourdes Shrine. The cer­ emony was performed by the Rev. Peter Cortez. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Freder­ ick Ploetz and the late 
Col. Ploetz. Parents of the groom are Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Harry 
Baker of 
Houston. 

Maid of honor was Su­ san Dudley, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 
Becky Pantoso Jefferson and Thomala Hunsicker. 
A garden reception was held at the home of the bride. 

After a wedding trip to 
Lakewood, the couple will reside in New Mexi­ co. 

/fls e c o B /is 
ZOU Kl Iii ill ) k 

No other jewelry metal is anywhere near as pure as Platinum. It's heavier. It's stronger. 
Your diamonds and other gemstones look bigger and brighter set in 
P l a t i n u m , too. 
S o shouldn't your engagement and wedding diamonds be set in Platinum? A n d your other pieces of precious jewelry? See our collection of Platinum-mounted jewelry. And enjoy the prestige and value of the most precious metal. Regular charge accounts. 
Extended payment plans. Master Charge, 
BankAmericard, American Express. 

I l l us t r at i o n e nlar ged 

C E N T R A L PARK M A L L 
341 4 4 8 ) 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
654-64 35 

SPECIAL 
IN V IT AT IO N 
T o V is it O u r 
LADIES 
BOUTIQUE 

 featuring ladies golf clothing, shoes, clubs and merchandise. 

A 
A y 
1 1 2\ 
IA r\^ ro“S/ 
3 
I A 
Ai y>/-s/*s cm 
\e » t» « » 
* 3 ^ 

HOUR 
GOLF 
IH-35 at Judson Road 
Phone 654-188o r n 

MRS. J. D. NORRIS 

MRS. RONALD BA K ER 
Norrises to reside iii Austin 

Miss Cynthia Gaye Bu- zck and Joe Dickey Nor­ ris, both of Austin, were married Saturday in St. 
Mary's Cathedral at Aus­ tin. O fficiating at the ceremony were the Rev. 
Sidney Pastor, uncle of the bride, and the Rev. 
Harwell Norris, father of the groom. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Joe 
E. 
Buzek. 
The groom’s parents are the 
Rev. and Mrs. Harwell E. 
Norris Jr. of Austin. 

Matron of honor was 
Mrs. Ja m e s Janknegt. 
Bridesmaids were Eliza­ beth Norris and Rebecca 
Norris. 

Harwell Edgar Norris 
JIL brother of the groom, 
.served as best man. 
Groomsmen were Mark 
Diehl of Lubbock and 
Larry Tolle of Indepen­ dence. Mo. 

A ssisting as ushers were J e rry Ingram of 
Houston, Manuel .Solano of Whittier, Calif, Brad­ ley Peltier of Port Aran­ sas, and Otis Armstrong of Austin. 
A reception was held in the Ramada Gondolier at 
Austin. 

The couple will live in 
Austin. 

 weddings in 
•> Scene ti 

It s a lot like h o m e m a d e . B e ­ ca use Knowlton s still insists on using the richest old-fashioned ingredi­ ents in their Ice C re a m Like 1 o o % real vanilla A n d 1 o o % p u re cream . That's h o w they ea rn e d the Vanillamark o n the carton. The only ice cre a m in San 
Antonio to qualify. Which is just what yo u 'd expect from the h o m e t o w n dairy. Quality first. 
A sk y o u r g ro cer fo r K n o w lto iT s. 

S ave M o n ey, T o o . 

OFF 

 o n K n o w lto n ^ Ice C re am one k a lf-g a llo n 

Mr Ctocer This coupon will be redeemed at your Wore by our route sales person Redemption will be made with a sale at Vj gallon of Knowlton* J 
Ice Cream Invoices covering purchases must be submitted upon request 
I 
Cash value I / IO of Id Coupon expires August 31. 1977 Knowlton * 
P O Box 666, San Antonio, 78293 This Coupon Redeemable at retail times only' 

 dding belles + 
+ + wedding belles" it‘4# wedding belles + 
^ w edding belle! 

Page 
I o-E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

It’s c) great way to start or 

 spruce up your own Aramis Master 

Plan tor good grooming. 

The Body Basics include: 2-oz. 

Cologne, 2-ox. Bracing 

Body Splash, 2.5 oz. Cool Spray 

Talc, 2-oz. Invigorating 

Body Shampoo, l ox. Malt enriched 

Gel Shampoo and I 

Invigorating Body Sponge. Ifs 

 all yours for 5.OU with 

 an Aramis purchase now in 

Man s World or Cosmetics. 

THE ARAMIS BODY BASICS, 

FIVE GREAT GROOMERS ARE YOURS FOR ONLY 5.oo 

WITH AN ARAMIS PURCHASE 

WalzKruse 

Miss Barbara Jean 
Kruse became fhe bride of Robert Charles Walz 
Jr. of Helotes, Saturday in 
Our 
Lady of 
Guadalupe 
Catholic 
Church at Helotes. The 
Rev. 
Louis 
Trawalter officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Joseph P. Kruse. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. Walz of Helotes. 
Matron of honor was 
Sarah 
Givens. 
Brides­ maids were 
Delores 
Weynand of D'Hanis, Sa­ rah Walz of Helotes. 
Cathleen Pieprzica of 
Karnes City, Beverly 
Kruse and Jodi Kruse. 
Flower girls were 
Tammy Kossaeth and 
Kim Wolf. Ringbearer was Wayne Pieniezek. 
John 
Mayfield of 
Helotes served as best man. Groomsmen were 
Pat Kelly and Denton 
Amend III, both of Hous­ ton, Donny Gray of Aus­ tin, 
Louis 
Walz of 
Helotes, and Gus Kruse. 
Assisting as ushers were Doug Gray of Aus­ tin, Robert Kruse and 
Tommy Schwarz. 
A reception was held in 
Braun Hall following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to the East Coast, the cou­ ple will reside at Gray 
Forest. 

MRS. r G. TUCKER 

Idaho and Bobby Srubar, brothers of the bride. 
A m ention was held iii 
Hie Officer's Club Annex of the Academy of Health 
Sciences at 
Ft. 
Sam 
Houston. 
The couple will hon­ eymoon at Disneyworld 

 iii Orlando. Flu. 

Petty, brother of the groom and Bill Detrick. 

Ushers Were David Lee 
Shuttlesworth and W il­ liam Shuttleswortli. 
A reception was held in the Institute’s student center. 

Standley-Perry 

Mrs. Jessica Perry 
Hall and Col. Robert Jo ­ seph 
Stand ley w ere married Saturday in 
Cathedral House before the 
Rev. 
David 
J. 
Comegys Jr. 

MRS. G. L. DOME 

Mike Smiddy, Virgie 
Drake and Jim Tennison. 
Ushers were 
Curtis 
Saatholf and 
Harold 
Burns. 

After a reception at the 
Beethoven Home, the couple left on a wedding trip to the coast. 

Fiord and Bob Burkett. 

A reception was held in the church fellowship hall following the cere­ mony. 

After a wedding trip to 
Austin, the couple will reside in Stephenville. 

The bride is the daughter of 
Edward 
Quinby Perry of Plain ­ view and the late Mrs. 
Perry. Col. Standlev is the son of Mrs. Ollie 
Wills Standlev of Houston and the late Delbert 
Franklin Stand ley. 

Assisting their parents were 
Miss 
La wren 
Lydian Hall and Perry 
Baker Hall both of Dal­ las. Mrs. Palmer Fred­ rick 
Smith of 
Ft. 
Wainwright, 
Alaska; 
Mrs. William Carl Smith of Ft. Hood; Miss Mary 
Kyle Standley and Mrs. 
Allen Edwin Taylor. 
A brunch followed in the San Antonio Country 
Club. The couple left on a wedding trip to 
Guadalajara. They will live at Ft. Sam Houston. 

W edding 

 vows are 

 recited 

The marriage of Miss 
Patti Ann Austin and Ro­ land Scott Smith was so­ lemnized Saturday in 
MacArthur Park Church of God by the Rev. A. C. 
Phipps. 

Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. Lee 
Thomas Austin and Mr. and Mrs. Forrest W. 
Smith 

Matron of honor was 
Pain Tole, sister of the bride*. Bridesmaids were 
Becky Entzenberger and 
Debbie Kennedy. Flower girl was Stephanie Tole and ringbearer was 
Bobbie Tole. 

Serving as best man was John Smith, brother of the groom. Grooms­ men were Don ( lark and 
Ben Weber. Ushers were 

MRS. J. L. MCCARLEY 
Tommy 
MeCarley, brother of the groom, 
Him 
Lemkowitz and 
Chris Roseland. 
A reception was held in the church fellowship hall following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
L B J Lake, the couple w ill live in St. Louis, Mo. 

Georges 

 are wed 

Saturday 

Miss Sara Lyn Wol- tersdorf and Norman 
Charles 
George ex­ changed marriage vows, 
Saturday in Castle Hills 
Assembly. The Rev. John 
Hagee officiated at the ceremony. 

The bride is the daughter of James Wol- tersdorf. The groom's parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Gerald II. George. 

Maid of honor was Me­ lissa Muegge. Brides­ maids w e're Anne Rogers, 
Mindy Cook and Mickey 
Dougherty. Flower girl was Deborah Woltersdorf and ringbearer was Scan 
George. 

The groom's lather served as best man. 
Groomsmen were Capt. 
Gerald Paul George, 
Capt. John George and 

MRS. N. C. GEORGE 

Clifford Sparks, brother of the bride. Ushers were 
Carlton 
Eckert. 
Leu 
Mertz and Hike Jackson. 

A reception was held in the Villa Espanola at the 
International Airport. 

The couple w ill honey­ moon at Puerto Vallarta. 

Elena "Atkinson and 
Benny Leto Petty ex­ changed intl mage v ow s 
Saturday ii? the Hender­ son Chapel U»f Mexican 
Baptist Bible Institute. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 

I’etty-Atkinhon 

Ernest E. Atkinson and parents of the groom arc 
Mr. and Mrs. George O. 
Petty. 
O fficiating were the bride's fat lier and the 
Rev. David M. Shuttles­ worth of Belton. 
Maid of honor was 

 nuptials recited 

Norma Jean Pegram. 
Matron id' honor was 
Mrs. Ray Dav is, sister of the bride and bridesmaid was Melanie Petty, sister of tile groom. 
The groom s father served as best man and groomsmen were Danny 

Methodist vows unite newlyweds 

Miss 
Kathy 
Nell 
Schnitz became the bride of Roy CL Harris of Aus­ tin. Saturday in Los 
Angeles Heights United 
Methodiot Church. The 
Rev. 
Bill 
Kenney officiated. 

Parents of the bride are 
Mr. and Mrs. Joel C. 
Schnitz. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Guy 
M. Harris. 

Matron of honor was 
Linda Chain of Houston. 
Maid of honor was Sally 
Bowles. 
Bridesm aids were Karen Crowder and 
Debbie 
Par gin a nu 
Flower girl was Kern 
Simons and ringbearer was Mark Schnitz. 

Serving as best man was 
Gordon 
Lyon. 
Groomsmen were Wayne 
Harris. Sixte Elizondo and Mike Harris. Ushers 

MRS. R. C. HARRIS 

 were Gary Junell and 
Craig Grounds. 

A reception was held in the Holiday Inn North­ west following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
Florida and South Ca­ rolina, the couple will hvi> in Austin. 

McCarleys to live in 
Missouri 

MRS. R. S. SMITH 

John Roehm and Bob 
Tole. 

A reception was held in the church hall following the ceremony. 

After a wedding trip to the Gulf of Mexico, the couple will reside in 
Houston. 

The marriage of Miss 
Jeanie Lay and Je rry 
Lynn 
MeCarley was solemnized Saturday in 
Palm Heights Baptist 
Church by the Rev. Earl 
Johnston. 
Parents of the bride are 
Mr. and Mrs. Chris C. 
Lay Jr. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Thomas MeCarley. 
Maid of honor was 
Nancy Lay, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 
Tammy Rowan, Janie 
MeCarley, sister of the groom, and Lamar Ro­ driguez. Plower girl was 
Tori Morgan and ring­ bearer was 
Brandon 
Mat besoil. 
Serving as best man was Bobby McCarty. 
Groomsmen were Chris 
Davenport, 
Joe 
McConnell and David 
Rowan. 
Ushers were 

Nuptial 
Tuckers 

 vows are 

 recited 

Miss 
Deetia 
Lynn 
Preiss and Perry Leon 
Mahan were married Sa­ turday in Sacred Heart 
Catholic 
Church iii 
Floresville by the Rev. 
Wallis J. Stiles. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Jerom e II 
Preiss of 
Floresville. The groom is the son of Mrs. Horace Iv 
Mahan. 

Maid of honor was 
Homy Ann Preiss, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Elsa Gail Moc- zvgemba of Poth and 
M rs. 
Matthew 
T. 
McCarthy of Rio Hondo. 

Serving as best man was Bobby Gruetter of 
Calexico, Calif. Grooms­ men were Zeno Preiss of 

MRS. P. L. MAHAN 

Floresville and Gary 
Mat beaus. Ushers were 
Lev i Preiss of P'loresville and Roy Rauch of New 
Braunfels. 

Following a reception in the church parish hall, the couple left on a camping trip. 

 say vows in chap 

Miss Linda Bae Richter and 
Thomas 
Gates 
Tucker exchanged mar­ riage vows, Saturday iii 
Chapel One of PT. Sam 
Houston. Chaplain Paul 
Garrity officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Joe ll 
Srubar. 
The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Jack G. Tucker and the late Maj. Tucker- 

Mat roil of lienor was 
Irene Hoekstra of G ar­ land and bridesmaid was 
Nancy Beth Srubar. both sisters of the bride. 
P lower girl was Kathleen 
Marie 
Hoekstra of 
Garland. 

Clifford Giese of Hous­ ton served as best man. 
Groomsman was Dr. 
Phillip Hudson. Ushers were Joe Srubar Jr. of 
Mountain Home A FB . 

Wedding 

 vows are 

Dome-Lang nuptials 

Miss McCammon bride of FCFC Fiord 

Miss Catherine Ann 
McCammon became the bride of Billy Ray Bord of Stephenv ille, Friday in 
Sherwood Baptist Church at Marble Falls. The 
Rev. J. D. Benson offi­ ciated. 
The bride is the 

 daughter of Mrs. Lorena 
Pinson of Marble P'alls and the late 
Y .J. 
McCammon. She was gi­ ven in marriage by her brother, Joe McCam ­ mon. The groom’s par­ ents are Mr. and Mrs. 

Coy Bord of Winters, 
Tex. 
Matron of honor was 
Jan Bennett. Flower girl w as Melissa McCammon. 

Serving as best man was 
Eddie 
Yocham. 
Groomsmen were Cody 

 repeated 

Miss Janet Mac Lang and Gregory Lynn Dome exchanged m arriage vows, Saturday in St. 
John’s Lutheran Church. 
Officiating at the cere­ mony were the Rev. 
Roald PL Braulick and the Rev. Anthony Drozd. 
The bride is the daughter of Charles PL 
Lang and the late Mrs. 
Lorine 
Lang. 
The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Marion J. Dome of New Braunfels. 
Maid of honor was Pa­ tricia Lung. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Leroy Zill- niann. 
Mrs. 
Curtis 
Saathoff. Dcanne Dome. 
Sharon Roehl and Char­ lotte Woitena. 
Serving as best man was 
Stanley 
Pehl. 
Groomsmen were Russell 
Hading. William Seivert, 

 exchanged 

Miss Linda Kathleen 
Brooks of Destrehan, La. and James Joseph Torda of Newington, Conn. were married Saturday in 
Lasseigne 
Memorial 
Methodist Church at La 
Place, La. The Rev. Gar­ land Dean officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Charles D. Brooks of New 
Orleans. The groom is the son of Mrs. Beatrice 
Torda of Newington and the late John Torda. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs. 
De bi 
Sc hoe ii. 
Bridesmaids were Carol 
Douglas, 
Boric 
Leigh 
Benjamin and 
Karen 
Lassere. 
John Torda, brother of the groom, served as best man. Groomsmen were 
Je ff 
Sehoen, 
David 
Brooks and 
Steven 
Brooks. Ushers were Al 

MRS. J. J. TORDA 

Bourgeois and Howard 
L-: Ringer. 

A reception was held at 
Riverlands Country Club in La Place. 

After a Caribbean trip to San Juan. St. Croix and 
St. Thomas, the couple w ill reside in Houston. 

SHUH FROSTS DOWNTOWN AND NORTH SIAR MAU, 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
Scene ii 

^Pqge 
I-F 
-k 
Sunday June 5 1977 

I Patricia Reilly 
I becomes bride 
I of B.C. Nabers 

Miss Patricia Ann Reilly and Brad­ ford Claude Nabers exchanged m ar­ riage vows, Saturday in Alamo Heights 
United Methodist Church. Officiating were the Rev. Dr. Calvin Froehner and the Rev. Dr. Louis H. Zbinden Jr. 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
Arthur Francis Reilly. The groom is the son of Dr. and Mrs. Claude Lowrey 
Nabers. 
Maid of honor was Mary Frances 
Reilly, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Robert Ralph George Jr. of 
Dallas and Mrs. Paul G rady Hoer- mann, both sisters of the bride, Debor­ ah Kathryn Deres and Diana Rave 
| 
Miller. 
The groom’s brother. Marquis Eaton 
Nabers of Beeville, served as best man. 
Groomsmen were Brian Startzman of 
Houston. Thomas Ware, Jeffrey Manu- pelli and Sydney Paul DuBose J r . 
A ssistin g as ushers were Robert 
Ralph George Jr . of Dallas, Arthur 
William Reilly and John Gregory Reil­ ly. both brothers of the bride. Philip 
Orosco, Robert Sellers and Paul Grady 
Hoermann. 
A reception was held at the Old 
Ursuline Academy following the cere­ mony,_____________ 

MRS. BRADFORD C. NABERS 

Paul A. Rohlfs, 
Pamela Loring recite nuptials 

M iss P am ela Loring becam e the bride of Paul Arthur Rohlfs of Dallas, 
Saturday in St. L u k e ’s E p isco p a l 
Church. Officiating at the ceremony were the Rev. David Comegys and the 
Rev. Dr. Claus Hermann Rohlfs, father of the groom. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Porter Loring Jr. The groom's parents are Dr. and Mrs. Rohlfs of 
Dallas. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Howard 
Boyd W illiams Jr . Bridesmaids were. 
Mrs. Richard Edward Griffin Jr.. Car­ olyn E lizab eth Jo h n s, E liz ab e th 
Thomson Walters and Majory Jan e 
Carter. 
Serving as ringbearer was Andrew 
John Decker. 
Best man was Sidney Carl Zirkel Jr. 
Groomsmen were the Rev. Claus ll. 
‘ R ohlfs J r . , the Rev. C arl W alter 
Rohlfs, Porter Loring III and Patrick 
Loring. 
Ushers included 
Howard 
Boyd Williams Jr ., the Rev. John Al­ bert Decker, Harrison Richard Bowles,* 
Cecil Milton Ward, Timothy Raymond 
Vaughan, Malarrey Pyle, Ja m e s Ri­ chard Griffith and Jack Matkin. 
A reception was held in the San 
Antonio Country Club. 

MRS. PAUL A. ROHLFS 

Tailored long sleeve shirts in woven cotton 
. . . all with button cuffs 

OO 

The tailored look is back this summer and Joske’s has the shirts to prove it! Long sleeve, button cuff shirts of cotton give you easy fashion that's also easy-care. Shown, four from our collection of six styles. Featured; narrow and wide alternat­ ing stripes in light yellow, red, light blue, and green. Bottom left to right; even checks in yellow green, blue and navy; large plaid in red, blue, and white; red, blue and green plaid with woven floral motif. All in sizes 8-16. Order by mail and we'll charge it to your Joske's account! Contempo Shop, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin. 

Gonzales-Loredo vows solemnized Saturday 

The Rev. VV. L. Elias officiated at the wedding of M iss J u lia Belinda 
Loredo and Daniel I). 
Gonzales, Saturday in St. 
Thom as More Catholic 
Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Santiago Loredo. Parents of the groom are Mr. and 
Mrs. Fernando Gonzales 
Sr. of Poth. 
Maid of honor w as 
Mary J o C av azo s of 
McAllen. 
Bridesmaids were Patty Lame of Al­ buquerque. N.M., Jean- ine Tucker of Cotulla. 
Vicki Whitener and Cindy 
Orosco. 
Serving as flower girl was P am ela C am pbell 

 and rin g b e a re r w as 
Jam es Scott Avila. 
Best man was Fernan­ do Gonzales Jr. Grooms­ men w ere Simon Garza of 
Poth, Richard Loredo, 
Jam es Roll and Marcus 
Luna. 
Other attendants were 
Messrs. and Mines. To­ mas Cavazos of McAllen, 
Cornelia Cana of Donna, 
Henry 
B. 
Mend la s, 
Mauro Hinojosa, Pablo 
Garza and Joe Loredo. 

A ssistin g as u sh ers were Alferio Cervantes of 
Poth. George Loredo and 
Rick Taylor. 

The couple will honey­ moon i i i J a m a i c a and 
Florida. 
MRS D. D. GONZALES 

 ft* A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 19 7 7 

 ihore w eddlig belles + + + m o r e b ed d in g b elles + + ♦ more w ed ding betles-jf W y m o re w edding belles 
♦. more 

 es + * ♦ m o re '-w e d d lig p e lle s ^ 'f %J^ m o re 

 ding b e lle s + + + more Wedding belles + + + more 
.^/♦•Wiofe Wedding belles ♦ + ♦ mor 

MRS. MICHAEL R. DUNHAM 

Wayside Chapel is setting for 
Greenwald vows 

The m arriage of Miss Sharon Lynne 
Allen and Charles* Morrow Greenwald was solemnized Saturday in Wayside 
Chapel by the Rev. Steve Troxel. 

The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Margaret J. Allen. She was given in marriage by her brother, Doyle Lynn 
Allen. The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Frank Greenwald of Kerrville and the late Mr. Greenwald. 

Maid of honor was Deborah Jordan. 
B ridesm aids were Debbie Johnson, 
Robin Ragsdale and D’Lynn Salter* white. Flower girl was Holly Brock. 

Serving as best man was Don Polson. 
Groomsmen were Louis.Borgleld, Jim 
'Arnold and John Mooring. Ushers were 
Larry Hammond and Gary Palmieri. 

A reception was held in the Foxfire 
Apartments Party Room. 

The couple will honeymoon at Nassau 
Beach, Bahamas Islands. 
MRS. CII ARLES M. GREENWALD 
MRS. RICHARD J. PACHECO 

Wood-Murphy vows said at 
Albert Worthys are married in 
John Kruegers married in 
Mission church 
Methodist vows 
Friday vows 

Miss Jo Ann F. Murphy and Joseph 
M 
Wood J r. exchanged m a rria g e vows. Saturday in San Jose Mission 
Church. The Rev. Valentine Seherrer officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Viola Gottardy Murphy and the late 
Jam es F. Murphy Jr. The groom 's parents are Mr. and Mrs. Joseph M. 
Wood. 
Maid of honor was Diane P. Murphy, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 
Mrs. Gerald Wehmeyer and Mrs. Gary 
Tate. Flower girl was Becky Grimes. 
Serv ing as best man was Gary Tate. 
Groomsmen were Gerald Wehmeyer and Max Schmidt. Assisting as ushers were Steve Tate and Joel Hodges. 
A reception and dinner were held at the Herm ann’s Sons Hall follow ing the ceremony. 
The couple will honeymoon along the 
MRS. JOSEPH M. WOOD JR. coastal states to Florida. 

Miss Geddes weds James kuntz 

M iss K ath a rin e Ann 
William Geddes of Shre- ton. 
Geddes became the bride veport and the late Mr. man was Richard Libs of of Ja m es Earl Kuntz of 
Geddes. P aren ts of the 
F ort 
Collins. 
Colo. 
Tulsa, Okla. in Saturday groom are Mr. and Mrs. Groomsmen were Donald vows at St. Mark's E p is -• Ja m e s Joseph Kuntz of C h am b ers and Gordon copal 
C h u rch iii 
Tulsa ' 
Kuntz. both of Tulsa. 
Shreveport, Lu. 
The bride was given iii 
Bridesmaids were An­ n i e b rid e is the m arriage by her uncle, nette Moliere and Diane da u g l i e r of M rs. P au l 
Leslie B. Moss of Hous* 
Moy. S erving as best 

Dunhams are married iii 
Catholic riles 

Holy Spirit Catholic Church was the setting Saturday for the wedding of 
Miss Judith Marion Graham and Mi­ chael Roy Dunham. The Rev. Alois J. 
Goertz officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs Robert ll. Graham. The groom ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Elbridge IL 
Dunham of Sanford. 
Maid of honor was Cynthia Marie 
Graham , sister of the bride. Brides­ maids were Glenda Dunham of Pam pa sister of the groom. Susan Heyde and 
Birgit Landgrebe. Junior bridesmaids were Be be Lynn Graham, sister of tin1 bride, and Shelly Gray. 
Serving as flower girl was Valerie 
Vidaurri and ringbearer was Oran J. 
Tsakapulos 111. 
Best m an was M ichael B eard . 
Groomsmen were Glynn Black of Fort 
Worth. Joe Don Baker of Amarillo, and 
Robert ll. Graham Jr., brother of the bride. 
Assisting as ushers were Michael 
Paul G raham and P atrick Stephen 
Graham, brothers of the bride. 
Tin1 couple will honeymoon at the coast and Carlsbad, N. M. 

John Klein, 
Hallo 
W repeat vows 

Miss Haha Annette Winans and John 
Andrew Klein, both of M arion, ex­ changed m arriage vows Saturday in 
Redeemer United Church at Zuehl. The 
Rev. Jam es Monroe officiated. 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
Francis Adolph Winans. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Fredrick Klein of Marion. 
Matron of honor was Marty Winans. 
Maid of honor was Ja n ic e O ’toole. 
Bridesmaids were Linda Ford Winans, 
Jacki Winans, and Deanna Klein, sister of th** groom. 
Flower girls were Magenta Winans, 
Kristen Van/.andt and Morning Star 
Winans. 
Ringbearer was 
Zaehry 
O'toole. 
William Robert Winans, brother of the bride, served as best man. 
Groomsmen were Charles Winans and 
M. D. Winans, brothers of the bride, 
Ronnie Ewald and Donny Krueger. 
Assisting as ushers were Kenneth 
Salzman, Dannv Krueger, Garry Nel­ son and Larry Nelson. 
After a wedding trip to Galveston, the couple will reside in Marion. 
MRS. NATHANIEL F. WARNER 

Vinyard Chapel is setting for 
W arner vows 

Miss Suzan P h y llis V in y ard of 
Floresville and Ens. Nathaniel F r e ­ derick Warner of Houston were m a r­ ried Saturday in the Vinyard Chapel at 
F lo resv ille. T he Rev. Howard VV. 
Sehutt officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr.and 
Mrs. George A. Vinyard of Floresville. 
The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Fred E. Warner Sr. of Houston. 
Maid of honor was Lynda M. Vin­ yard. Bridesmaids were Sherri E. Vin­ yard, Barbara L. Vinyard, Jan C. Svo- boda, Mary Jane Fow ler and Sidney C. 
Warner. Flower girl was Debbie Mit­ chell and rin g b e a re r was M icheal 
Martinez. 
The groom’s father served as best man. 
Groomsmen were 
Fred 
E. 
Warner, Malcolm Stepp. Tom Hart- graves, P atrick Vinyard, and John 
Love. 
Assisting as ushers were Mark Gray, 
Robert Collier, M ark Spaniel, Ron 
Hilton, Keith Warners, Philip Vinyard and Renee Martinez. 
A reception was held in the home of the bride’s parents following the cere­ mony. 

Rebecca Lianes is bride of 
R.J. Pacheco 

The marriage of Miss Rebeeea Ann 
Lianes and Richard John Pacheco was solem nized S a tu rd a y in St. A n n ’s 
Catholic Church by the Rev. Joseph 
Dean. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Louis o. Lianes. The g ro o m ’s p a re n ts are M r. and M rs. F ra n k 
Pacheco Sr. 
Matron of honor was Linda Lira and m aid of honor was Ruthie L ianes. 
Bridesmaids were Rachel V illareal, 
Patricia Pacheco, Victoria Sandoval, and Margie B arrera. Junior b rid es­ maids were Annie Pacheco and Kath­ erine Pacheco. 
Flower girl was Cindy Pacheco and ringbearer was Rudy Lianes Jr. 
Serving as best man was G abriel 
Lira Jr. Groomsmen were Joe Villar­ eal, Frank Pacheco, Bernie Sandoval and Thomas Gaitan. Ushers were Ri­ chard Lianes and Larry Ardila. 
After a reception in St. Henry’s Hall, the couple left on a Caribbean cruise. 

Clary-Boswell nuptials said 
Me Crc I ess vows exchanged 

Miss Myron Rose Bos­ well became the bride of 
Don Michael Clary of Li­ berty Saturday in O ur 
Lady of Grace Catholic 
C hurch. The Rev. W il­ liam Martin officiated. 
The b rid e is the d au g h ter of Howard G. 

Boswell of Houston. The groom's parents are Mr. and Mrs, C. ll, Clary J r of Sam Rayburn, Tex. 
Maid of honor was P a­ tric ia 
Anne 
B oswell. 
B rid e s m a id s w ere 
T h e re s a T a rlto n , D a n ­ ielle Botros and Sheridan 

Botros. 
S erving as best m an w as 
J a m e s 
N elson. 
Groomsmen were David 
C lary, M att C lary and 
Thomas Palmer. 
After a wedding trip to the Bahamas, the couple will reside in Liberty. 

Miss M arcia L idice 
F ra z e lle b ec am e the bride of Glen D a rre ll 
McCreless, Saturday in the Baptist Temple. The 
Rev. 
D. 
Ray 
Taylor officiated. 
The b ride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. rn 

Weldon Frazelle. Parents uf the groom are Mr. and 
Mrs. G. P. McCreless. 
Honor attendants were 
Bonnie Beasley and the groom's father. 
B rid e s m a id s w ere 
Beverly Squyres, Cindy 
McCreless, sister of the 

 groom. Rhonda Frazelle, sister of the bride, and 
Mrs. Steve Moorehouse. 
Serving as groomsmen w ere David G rundy of 
Houston, Michael Banker of Jam aica, Jam es Rich and, Andrew F razelle,' brother of the bride. 

MRS. JOHN A. KLEIN 

Newlyweds to honeymoon in New Orleans 

MRS. ALBERT J. WORTHY 

Tho Rev. Charles Giesler officiated at the wedding of Miss Paula Gayle 
Jacob and Albert Johnathan Worthy, 
Saturday in Laurel Heights United 
Methodist Church. 
The br ide is the daughter of Dr. and 
Mrs. Norman ll. Jacob. The groom 's parents are Mr. and Mrs, Albert Wil­ liam Worthy. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. M ark 
Ritlenhouse of Ogden, Utah and maid of honor was Carol Jacob, both sisters of the bride. Bridesmaids were Jeanne 
Somers, Mrs. Bryan Barnett and Mrs. 
Douglas Ross. 
Serving as best man was Bryan Bar­ nett. Groomsmen were Douglass Ross, 
Ricky Guenther, Jam es Hays and Bill 
Colbert. Assisting as usher was Mark 
Jacob, brother of the bride. 
A reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents following the cere­ mony. 

The Rev. Neil M. Bockleman offi­ ciated at the wedding of Miss Kay Elise 
Krans and David Dewey Gillian, Sa­ turday iii Redeemer Lutheran Church. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Edward o. Krans of Austin. The groom 's parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Lamar B. Gillian Sr. 

Maid of honor was C laire Ellen 
Krans. Bridesmaids were Faye Krans and Punkin Ruthgeber. Flower girls were Lisa Gillian and Renee Krans. 
Ringbearer was David L. Gillian. 

Serving as best man was Lam ar B. 
Gillian Jr. G room sm en w ere Glen 
Krans and Paul Gonzales. Assisting as usher was Kenneth Ellebraeht. 

A reception was held in the R e­ deemer Lutheran School Fellowship 
Hall following the ceremony. 

The couple will honeymoon iii New 
Orleans. 
MRS. DAVID I). GILLIAN 

MRS. JOHN C. KRUEGER 

St. Margaret M ary’s Catholic Church was the setting Friday for the wedding of Miss Glenda Lou Van de Putte and 
John Charles Krueger. The Rev. Paul 
Cleary officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Henry Van de Putte of Castroville. 
The groom s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Jam es L. Krueger. 
Maid of honor was Marla Marlowe. 
B ridesm aids w ere Diane K otrla of 
Hutto, Debbie Krueger, Ursula H ard­ ing and Pat Morales. 
Serving as flower girl was Trieia 
Murray and ringbearer was Kenny 
Adkins. 
Best man was Ken Adkins of Johnson 
City, Tenn. Groomsmen were Wayne 
Kotrla of Hutto, Kenny Kotrla, Cecil 
Perry and Henry Sagemuehl. Ushers were 
Mark 
Marlowe and 
Reuben 
Villarreal. 
A reception was held in the VFW 
Post No. 8541 following the ceremony. 

Madding belle* * w edding belles aff 
+ + wedding belles + + + wedding belles 
Dallas church is scene of 
Holmes nuptials 

Northminster Presbyterian Church at 
Dallas was the setting Saturday for the wedding of Miss Glenda Faye McCles- key of Waller and David L. Holmes of 
Dallas. The Rev. Dr. Roy Zuefeldt officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Glen E. McCleskey of Dallas. The groom Is the son of Mrs. Ardith Holmes and the late Marvin L. Holmes. 
Maid of honor was Cyndi McCleskey of Dallas, sister of the bride. Brides­ maids were Belinda Rice of Houston, 
P au la G u tw eiler of D ickinson and 
Carol Harley of Carthage. 
Serv ing as best man was Richard L. 
H olm es, b r o th e r of the g ro o m . 
Groomsmen were Robert Godeke of 
Corpus Christi, Clay King of Dallas and 
Jerry Seheeler of Fort Worth. 
Assisting as u sh ers were R obert 
McCleskey of Galveston, Ray Sandefur of Garland and Steve Shaw of Fort 
Worth. 
A reception was held in the church parlor following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to Colorado, the couple will reside in Dallas. 
MRS. DAVID L. HOLMES 

Mendozas are married in 
Newlyweds to take cruise 
Catholic rites to Caribbean 

Miss Linda Arredondo and Salvador 
Henry Mendoza Jr. exchanged m a r­ riage vows, Saturday in Our Lady of 
Sorrows Catholic Church. The Rev. 
Alexander Wangler officiated. 
ParentsTif the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
Luciano Arredondo Sr. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Salvador ll. 
Mendoza. 
M atron of honor w as T o m m ie 
R am on. B rid e s m a id s w ere D iana 
M endoza. P a ts y M en d o za , C lara 
Morales, Margaret Garcia, Madeline 
Delgado, Sandy Mendoza and Yolanda 
Johnson. 
Flower girls were Katherine Marie 
A rredondo and M a n v e l M endoza. 
Ringbearer was Gabriel Mendoza. 
Serving as best m an was Rudy 
R am on. 
G ro o m sm en w ere 
Rey 
Morales, Gregory G arcia, Ju an Del­ gado, Ralph Martinez and Jesse G ar­ cia. Ushers were Eddie Arredondo and 
Rudy Arredondo. 
A reception was held in Plaza Juarez at La Villita. 
The couple will honeymoon in Color­ ado. 
MRS. JAMES E. RYAN III 

Covenant Presbyterian Church was the setting Saturday for the wedding of 
Miss Sandee Denise Bryan and Ja m es 
Em mett Ryaq III. Officiating at I he ceremony were the Rev. Edwin Walth­ all and the Rev. Bob Rivers. 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
William Frank Bryan. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Ja m es E m m ett 
Ryan . 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Eddie 
Davis and maid of honor was Julie 
B ryan, both s is te r s of the b rid e . 
Bridesmaids were Joan Ryan and P a­ tricia Ryan, sisters of the groom, Je n ­ nifer Jenkins, Leslie McCoy, Jane 
Haughton and Laurie McClain. 
Serving as best man was George 
Michael Ryan, brother of the groom. 
Groom smen w ere Rodney G am b le, 
John Reichert. Steven Bible, Jay Wad­ dell, Ja m es Teel, Mike Brown and 
Gregory Hanson. Ushers were Albert 
Conly and Patrick Hardy. 

MRS. SALVADOR ll. MENDOZA JR . 

After a reception at the Oak Hills 
Country Club, the couple left for a 
Caribbean Cruise. 

 w edding belies + + + w edding belles + + + w edding belles weddin 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday June 5 T 977 
Page . 3-P 

Toepperweins to make home 

Mayer-Shaw wedding vows are recited 

M.H. Williams, 
Beverly Burns are married 

The marriage of Miss Beverly Lynne 
Burns and Matthew Hunter Williams was solemnized Saturday in Windcrest 
United Methodist Church by the Rev. 
Dr. John Donatio. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. J. Thomas Burns Jr. The groom's parents are Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Caron. 

Matron of honor was Mrs. Gary Hart of Karnes City. George Rose served as best man. 

Ushers were John Caron and Richard 
Williams, both brothers of the groom. 

A reception was held at the 
W indcrest Golf Club following the ceremony. 

The couple will honeymoon at the coast. 
MRS. MATTHEW Ii. W ILLIAMS 

Hope Lutheran is set ting for 
Edwards vows 

 mam ■m w —i.wMunii» in i w h w ih m —i.w 
Hum iim tmmmmmmtmmmmmmm 
Tor the marrying 

Here conies your Bride ... But just remember, as the Groom ifs your time to shine too. You’ll lend a dash of elegance and tradition when you make your entrance in a handsome tuxedo from Al’s Formal Wear. Also choose from the southwest^ largest selection of color co-ordinated formal shirts and accessories. Al s Formal Wear makes it e asy... For the marrying kind. 

SAN ANTONIO'S WEDDING SPECIALIST 

FOUR CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 
• 5752 EVERS 
• 5 o o 3 WALZEM RO. 
• 6848 SAN PEDRO 
• 1332 S.W. MILITARY 
FOR/VWL WEAR 

Baucum, 
Flannery vows are repeated 

Barbosa, 
Martinez wedding 
Saturday 

Miss Sandra M arie 
Martinez and Armando 
Barbosa exchanged m ar­ riage vows, Saturday in the Assumption Chapel at 
St. 
Mary’s 
University 
The Rev. Bernard Meyer officiated. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
John J. Martinez. The groom's parents are Mr. and Mrs. John Barbosa. 

Matron of honor was 
Vivian Olivares. Maid of honor was Diana Martin­ ez. B ridesm aids were 
Linda Martinez, Barbara 
Martinez, Irene Boyle and Linda Napoles. Jun­ ior bridesmaid was Mon­ ica Martinez. 

University Presbyterian Church was the setting Saturday for the wedding of 
Miss Glenna Eileen Shaw and Stephen 
Paul Mayer. The Rev. T. Stewart Coff­ man officiated. 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
Russell Shaw. The groom is the son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Mayer of 
Wuuwatusa. \\ is. 
Maid of honor was Suzanne Shaw, 
Bridesmaids were Liz McAlister, Lin­ da Armstrong and Barbara Dotson. 
Bryan Mayer of Milwaukee served as best man. Groomsmen were Dick 
Lyon, Joel Courtial and Alan Radke. 
Ushers were Stuart Shaw, brother of the bride, and Scott Radke. 
After a reception ut The Bright 
Shawl, the couple left on a wedding trip to Corpus Christi. 
MRS. STEPHEN P. MAYER 
Tony T. Green, 
Pamela Powell repeat nuptials 

Miss McClure becomes bride o f K W . Sellers 

MRS, J. R. STEIDLE 

Shealy-Henderson 

The Rev. Guido Mer- kens officiated at the wedding of Miss Molly 
Hay Henderson and Da­ vid Bryan Shoaly of Rus­ ton, La., S aturday in 
Concordia 
L utheran 
Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Jay 
H enderson. 
The groom's parents are Mr. and Mrs. John Shealy of 
Ruston. 
Maid of honor was 
Connie Rue Henderson of 
Baton 
Rouge, 
La. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. 
Jamie Lorio, Mrs. Ju lites 
Poy and 
Mrs. 
Andy 
Shealy, all of Baton 
Rouge, Lisa Shealy of 
Ruston, siste r of the groom, and Lisa Dial of 
New Orleans. 
The g ro o m ’s father served as best m an. 
Groomsmen were Andy 
Shealy of Baton Rouge, brother of the bride. John 
Shealy and Gary Gray, both of Ruston, Doug 
Henderson and Jay Hen­ derson Jr., both brothers of the bride. 
A reception was held at the Ramada Inn follow­ ing the ceremony. 
The couple will live in 
Ruston. 
Pioneer Hall site of dance 
State Association of 
Texas Pioneers will have an informal dance at 8:3o p.m. Friday in Pioneer 
Hall. 
This will be the asso­ ciation's last dance until 
October. 
Those who will receive guests include: Messrs. and Mines. Erwin Mars­ h a ll, Orval Scott, John 
VVillborn, Herbert May, 
James P. Light and P ar­ ral I Moore. 
Guests will dance to the music of the Toe Tappers 
Orchestra. 

 in Mississippi 

Miss Mary Anne Jeffers became tin* bride of Douglas Neal Toepperwein of 
Jackson, Miss.. Friday in St. John's 
United Methodist Church. The Rev. 
Albert Merubia officiated. 

Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
William P. Jeffers. The groom is the son of Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Marion 
B. 
Toepperwein. 
Maid of honor was Jeri Jeffers and bridesmaid was Judy Lancaster, both sisters of the bride. 

Serving as best man was Dennis 
Toepperwein and groom sm an was 
Dwight Toepperwein, brothers of the groom. Ushers were Jerry Myiius of 
Austin and Max Teague. 

A reception was held in the church hall following the ceremony. 

After a wedding trip to New Orleans, the couple will reside in Jackson, Miss. 
MRS. DOUGLAS N. TOEPPERWEIN 

Miss 
Jill 
Baucum became the bride of Dan 
Japhet Flannery of Hous­ ton, Saturday in the Mar* garite B. Parker Chapel at Trinity U niversity. 
The Rev. Raymond E. 
Judd Jr. officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Archie 
Winford 
Baucum of 
Houston and the late Mr. 
Baucum. The groom ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
John Francis Flannery of 
Houston. 

The bride was given in marriage by her brother. 
John Winford Baucum. 
Maid of honor was 
Joanne Baucum of Hous­ ton. Robert Naman of 
Austin served as best man. Ushers were Roger 
L. Daniels and John F. 
Flannery .Jr., brother of the groom. 
A reception was held at the San Antonio Country 

MRS. DAN JAPHET FLANNERY 

Club. 
Alter a wedding trip to 
San Francisco, the couple w ill reside in Austin. 

Serving as flower girl was Caroline Gutierrez and ringbearer was Paul 
Joseph Martinez. 
Best man was Michael 

MKS. ARMANDO BARBOSA 

O livares. Groomsmen, Ronald Douglas, Paul were Kenneth Martinez, 
\inaya and Gilbert Cruz. 

I.. 

" 
' 
■ i 
; 

MKS. TONY T. GREEN 

Miss Pamela Jane Powell became the bride of Tony Tillman Green of 
Waco, Saturday in Chapel One of Ran­ dolph AFB. Chaplain Clayton Kennedy officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Col. and 
Mrs. Harold B. Powell. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. Tillman Green of Seguin. 
Maid of lienor was Dawn Seaton of 
Miami. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Juris 
Klovans of Lubbock. Janie France of 
Richardson and Marni Knight of Ar­ lington. Flower girls were Keli Mueller and Toni Buck. 
Serving as best man was Cliff Hos­ kins of George West. Groomsmen were 
Kenny Meyers of Austin. Steve Hamlet of Houston and Bobby Briell of Seguin. 
Ushers were Harold B. Powell Jr. of 
Fresno, Calif, and Randy Powell, both brothers of the bride. 
A reception was held at the Randolph 
AFB Officer’s Club. 
After a wedding trip to Padre Island, the couple will reside in W aco. 

Dooleys travel to New Orleans 

Miss J e r r ie E sth er 
Murphy and Tim othy 
Dooley, both of F reder­ icksburg, were married 
Saturday in Our Lady 
Queen of Peace Chapel of 
St. Edward’s University at Austin. Officiating at the ceremony were the 
Rev. Leroy Clement ich and the Rev. William 
Brady. 

The bride is the 

 daughter of Mrs. ILL. 
Mulsow of Austin. The groom is the son of John 
Dooley of F re d e ric k s ­ burg. 

The bride was escorted by her cousin, Morris 
Wayne Sawyer. 
Maid of honor was Su­ san Turner. Bridesmaids were Phyllis G arcia, 
Jean Dooley and Carol 
Dooley. 

Serving as best m an was Gary Loth. Grooms­ men were Chip Dooley, 
Dale Schigut and Stanley 
Stout. Ushers were Mi­ chael Dooley and Michael 
Ruttle. 
After a reception in the 
American Legion Hall at 
Fredericksburg, the cou­ ple left on a wedding trip to New O rleans. They- will reside iii F r e d e r ­ icksburg. 

Miss Bliss is bride o f John R. Steidle 

The marriage of Miss Marjorie An­ nette Beyer and Howard Steven Ed­ wards was solemnized Saturday in 
Hope Lutheran Church by the Rev. 
Robert Thronson 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Herber C. Beyer Sr. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Howard Lee 
Edwards. 
Maid of honor was Susan Colston. 
Bridesmaids were Rhonda Schneider and Lynne Dawson. 
Serving as best man was Kerry 
Grant. Groomsmen were John Roes© and Ralph Urios. Ushers were Larry 
Tondre and Herbert Beyer Jr. 
A reception was held in the church hall following the ceremony. 
The couple will honeymoon in Hous­ ton. 
MR. AND MRS. HOWARDS. 
EDWARDS 

Rakowitz Thompson 

Miss Catherine Carlsen McClure of 
Corpus Christi became the bride of 
Robert Webb Sellers, Saturday iii 
Church of the Good Shepherd at Corpus 
Christi. The Rev. Charles Joseph Dob­ bins officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Donald Parker McClure of Corpus 
Christi. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Jeff Porter Sellers. 
Maid of honor was Edith Durham. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. Jefferson P. 
Sellers, Karen Kirkland and Gwen 
Murchbanks, all of Corpus Christi, 
Mrs. Clay Birdwell of Lubbock. Debru 
Brennan of Crystal City, M argaret 
Meyer of Meridian, Miss, and Peggy 
Pumphrey of Fort Worth. 
The groom’s brother. Jefferson P. 
Sellers of Corpus Christi, served as best man. Groomsmen were Robert ti. 
McClure, brother of the bride. Mark 
Crawford and William G. Sterett III, . all of Corpus Christi, James Bode of 
Goliad,. Richard Lucas of Berelair, 
William Heck and James B. Nelson Jr. 
Assisting as ushers were Thomas 
Hunt arid Byron Pratt, both of Corpus 
Christi. 

MRS. ROBERT W. SELLERS 

A reception was held iii the Corpus 
Christi Country Club. 
The couple will honeymoon in 
Hawaii. 

Concordia L utheran 
Church was the setting 
Saturday for the wedding of Miss Sandra Reedy 
Bliss and John Randall 
Steidle of Schuylkill Ha­ ven, Pa. The Rev. Dr. 
Guido Mer kens officiat­ ed. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Don Bliss. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
John Steidle of Schuyl* kill haven. 
Maid of honor was 
Donna Marie Bliss, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Holly Jeanne Stei­ dle of R eading. Pa., 
Rebecca Hopper of Hous­ ton and Ann Marie Car­ 

 mody. 
Serving as flower girl was Jennifer Harris and rin g b e a re r was Dale 
Seiler, both of Schertz. 
Best m an was Carl 
Bensinger of Sehuylkill- haven. Groomsmen were 
John Cook, Gary Hudd­ leston of Arlington and 
Jam es Hagenson. Ushers were Mark Doepner, Su­ san G ra h a m , 
Debbie 
Roskop and Donna Hag­ gard. 
A reception was beld in the International Ball­ room of the Hilton Pala- eio Del Rio. 
The couple will honeymoon at Steamboat 
Springs, Colo, 

The marriage of Susan 
Lynn 
Thom pson and 
Herman Jacob Rakowitz was solemnized Saturday in St. M argaret M ary’s 
Catholic Church. The 
Rev. Paul Cleary offi­ ciated. 
The bride is 
Die daughter of William L. 
Thompson and the late 
Edith Em m a Thompson and parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. Alodia 
V. Rakowitz of Las Gal? linas. 
The bride was given in m arriage by her uncle, 
Edward Chaine of F air­ born, Ohio. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs. 
William 
Selman and b rid esm aid s w ere 
M esdam es 
Tim 
McCarthy, Daniel Jan - son, Frank Stafford and 
Kervin Kappelmann. 
Flower girl was P ris­ cilla Stafford and ring­ bearer was David Jan - son. 
Serving as best man was Wilfred Rakowitz. 
Groomsmen were Ronald 
Tudyk, Wilbern Neyland, 
Marvin Jasik arid Kervin 
Kappelmann. 

A ssisting as ushers were Eugene Korus and 
Richard Leader. 

Following a reception in 
St. Cecilia’s Social 
Center, the couple left on a honeymoon to Colorado and New Mexico. 

A diamond is forever ... 

And at Joske's Diamond Salons, we understand diamonds and the concerns people have when purchasing a diamond. That is why at Joske's Diamond Salons, we have a large selection of 14 karat white and yellow gold dia­ mond rings from which to choose. 

At Joske's, you get more of what you want for what you want to spend. 

Diamond Salon, Downtown, North 
Star and Windsor Park. 
Illustration enlarged to show detail. 

San Antonio €XPRESS~NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

o n g q g e m e n H ^ ^ ;^ e n g q g e iy € flf| 
^ e n g a g e m e n ts ♦ + + en g a g em en ts + + ♦ en g ag em en ts * % /# en g ag em en ts 

Debra DeVos, 
R.O. Beil Jr. to marry in 
July nuptials 

Miss Debra Anne DeVos. daughter of 
Dr. and Mrs. Ton DeVos, is engaged to 
Richard Oliver Beil J r. son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Richard O. Boil. 

The bride-elect attended Edison High 
School and American University. She. received a B.A. degree in political science and history from Trinity Uni­ versity. 

Her fiance graduated from Alamo 
Heights High School and Texas Tech 
University with a B.B.A. degree in business. 

The couple plans a July 16 wedding in the M argarite B. P a rk e r Chapel at 
Trinity University. 

JOHN MANELOS 
CATHY RINGLABEN 

LEANETTK S. B l KOWSKI 
DOUGLAS P. SULTENFUSS 

LARRY I). ORSAG 
DONNA B. FAIN 
Chapel to be scene of wedding 

The e n g a g e m e n t of 
Miss Sue Ann Schwartz to 
John Hayward, son of Mr. and 
M rs. 
Jo h n 
E. 
Hayward of B altim ore, 
Md., is announced by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. 
Richard N. Schwartz. 
The b rid e-elect is a g ra d u a te of Roosevelt 
High 
School. 
She received a B S. degree in n u rsin g from 
T ex as 
Women’s University. 
Her fiance graduated from 
Virginia 
Poly- technical Institute where he received a B S. degree in mechanical engineering. 
A July 3o wedding is 

Schuehle-Huff 
Godbey-Graeber 
Jordan-Ferris 

Mr. and Mrs. Dwight 
Schuehle announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir d a u g h te r. Miss Cindi 
Schuehle, to David Huff, son of Mr. and Mrs. Dean 
Huff. 

The bride-elect is an honor graduate of High­ lands High School. She w as a m e m b e r of th e 
National Honor Society and Who’s Who Among 
A m erican High School 

S tudents. She atten d ed 
San Antonio College and the University of Texas at San Antonio. 
Her fiance graduated from M a c A rth u r High 
School He attended San 
Antonio College and is majoring in music at the 
U n iv ersity of T exas at 
San Antonio. 

An Aug. 6 wedding in 
Riverside Baptist Church is planned. 

Miss Susan Diane God- bey, d a u g h te r of M rs. 
Patricia N. Godbey and 
H. N. Godbey of Spring is engaged to David L aw ­ ren ce G ra e b e r of R i­ chardson. He is the son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. 
Graeber of Richardson. 
T he b rid e -e le c t is a g rad u a te of M acA rthur 
High School. She r e ­ ceived a B.S. degree in hom e eco n o m ics from 
Stephen F. Austin State 

University where she was a S ig m a P hi E p silo n 
Golden Heart. 
Her fiance g rad u a ted from R ich a rd so n High 
School and rec eiv e d a 
B.S. d eg ree in forestry from Stephen F. Austin 
State University. He was a m em ber of Sigma Phi 
Epsilon. 

A Ju ly 3o w edding is planned in 
St. 
Luke’s 
Episcopal Church. 

T he e n g a g e m e n t of 
M argaret Rose Jordan to 
Gerald Kelly Ferris Jr. is announced by her grand­ p a re n ts , Mr. and M rs. 
Otho L. Jordan Sr. 

She is the daughter of 
Monte J. Jordan of Cor­ pus Christi and the late 
Mrs. Gloria V. Jo rd an . 
He is th e son of M rs. 
Santos Padilla and G er­ ald Kelly Ferris. 

The bride-elect and her fiance a re g rad u a tes of 
McCollum High School and are attending South-, west Texas State Univer­ sity. She is a candidate for g ra d u a tio n w ith a 
B.S. degree in education and he is m a jo r in g in special education. 

T he w e d d in g planned for August. 

 t . . . f 

Nesloney-Marsh 

M rs. Anne Stein and 
C h a rle s N esloney a n ­ nounce the engagem ent of th e ir d a u g h te r, 
Deborah Sue Nesloney, to 
Donald Ray M arsh, son of Mr. and M rs. O scar 
Marsh. 

The b rid e -e le c t is a graduate of East Central 
High School. She is a s u m m e r c a n d id a te for 

 g ra d u a tio n at 
T ex a s 
A&M U niversity w here she will receive her B.A. d e g re e in p o litical science. 
Her fiance is a g r a ­ d u ate of E ast C e n tral 
High School. He received his B.S. degree in a g ri­ culture from Southwest 
Texas State University. 
A July 3o w edding is planned. 

DEBRA A. DEVOS 
RICHARD O. BEIL JR. 
Ringlaben, 
Manelos to be recited this summer 

Mr. and Mrs. Ja c k Ringlaben of 
Houston announce the engagem ent of their daughter. Cathy, to John Man­ elos. son of Col. (ret.) and Mrs. Wil­ liam Manelos. 
The bride-elect attended Concordia 
Lutheran College at Austin. Her fiance graduated from Oliver Wendell Holmes 
High School and the University of 
Texas. 
A sum m er wedding is planned in 
R e su rre c tio n L u th e ra n C h u rch at 
Spring, Tex. 

W edding and Engagem ent form s a v a ila b le ln the W o m e n ’s D eportm ent 

Miss Bukowski bride-elect 
D.P. 
Sulte 

Mr. and Mrs. Thomas A. Bukowski announce the en g ag em en t of their daughter, Leanette Sue. to Douglas 
Paul Sultenfuss. son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Raymond W. Sultenfuss. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of In­ carnate Word High School. She was a m ember of the International Thespian 
Society and Mu Alpha Theta. 

Her fiance g rad u ated from H igh­ lands High School and received a B.S. degree in civil engineering from Texas 
A&M University. He was commanding officer of squadron three. 

The couple plans an Aug. 6 wedding in St. M a rg a re t M a ry ’s C atholic 
Church. 
July wedding is planned by 

Donna Fain, 
Larry Orsag 

Mr. and Mrs. E dgar E. Fain an­ nounce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter. Donna Beth, to Larry David 
Orsag of Giddings. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Alvfh Orsag of Giddings. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of 
MacArthur High School and Southwest 
Texas State University. 

I h r fiance graduated from Giddings 
High School. 

A July wedding is planned in North­ east Baptist Church. 

Hodges-Fowler 

Mr. and Mrs. Ralph M. 
Hodges announce the en­ g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter. Patricia Carol, to W illiam M cD onald 
Fowler J r ., son of Mr. and 
M rs. 
W illiam 
McDonald Fowler. 
She is a g r a d u a te of 
R obert 
E. 
Lee H igh 
School and he graduated from C e n tra l C atholic 
High School. 
An Aug. 6 wedding is planned in 
B lessed 
S a c ra m e n t 
C a tholic 
Church. 

Chilcoat-Ganini 

Mr. and M rs. Donald 
E. Chileoat of Fulton an­ nounce the engagem ent of their daughter, Diane 
Hay C hileoat, to R a y ­ mond 
Michael 
Ganim, son of Mr. and M rs. 
N asser Ray G an im of 
Brownsville. 
The b rid e-elec t is a graduate of the Universi­ ty of T ex as at A ustin where she received a B.S. degree in speech. 

Her fiance g rad u ated from Dallas Baptist Col­ lege w ith a d e g re e in theology. 

The w ed d in g is planned for Ju ly 16 in 
Trinity Baptist Church., 

BIG ‘JUNE BUG’ BARGAINS THIS WEEK! 
STARTS MON., JUNE 6th THRU SAT. 11 th 

LOSEOUT . . . FULL BOLTS 
36-4o” WIDE 
COLORFUL ASSORTMENT 
65% POLYESTER 35% COTTON 
PRINTED 
PUCKERS 
AND 
SEERSUCKERS 

O jn ) . 

.N|C- 

\ 

FULL 
PIECE 
YD. PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

FULL BOLTS. . .FIRST QUALITY 
EXCITING SUMMER 
COLORS . . . SAVE N O W 
FAMOUS MILLIKEN 
1o o % POLYESTER 
6o” GABARDINE 

YD. 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 
YO. 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

SPECIAL 

SELEC TIO N .. . 

FULL BOLTS 45 ” WIDE 
DESIGNER-TYRE PRINTS 
1oo% ACETATE 
PRINTED 
JERSEY 

Y O . 

FULL 

PIECE 

PRICE 
Y O . PRICE 

Atef*'* 

**e V ' c ,. „ od 

WE DISCOUNT 
ALL PATTERNS 
AND ALL 
NOTIONS 
EVERYDAY 
EVERY ITEM 
FULLY 
GUARANTEED 

 you \\ 

OO1 

. se 

 a 

-V 

" ^ s°V'dS 

,vee 

 r n 

 s. no'* 
S D * * 
AS” * \oOH 

SUE ANN SCHWARTZ 

 planned in Chapel One of 
Randolph AFB. 

JV1U- 

B O V tt 

 feO1 

A*’ 

45' 

AS 

V A .u t* 

- 
. fiO u t ST 
.VIA 
AGW* 

A'S*** 

\ 

 itlO* 

A S ’ 

F A 
M O O S 

% 

A S ” 

A S ’ 
\ 
AHD 

^ “"’“C olors 

S O U ® r t f lC 
" a s s is * ? . 

\ \ 
O H a 

% 

\ 
YO- 

TOO- 

 pR»<* 

O 
O 

 ro o ’ 4 
, 
OH* 
J o * * * 

„ COT YO 

I lf BK* 

C ^ 
IO 

EYELET . . . THE LOOK 

OF FASHION FOR YOUR 
SUMMER SEWING 
VALUES TO 984 
ASSORTED SIZES 
EYELET 
DRESS 
TRIMS 

YDS* 18* 

YO- 
YD. 

 b b 

- to . 
•JI •ss. 

LOOK WHAT YOU CAN DO 

WITH THIS. . . AND IDEAS? 
1o TWEED COLORS 
1 o o % JUTE 3 6 ” WIDE 
‘TWEED’ BURLAP 

FULL 
PIECE 
YD. PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

SAVE ON THE BEST! 
FAMOUS SCANDINAVIAN 
REG. 8.95 

THE ORIGINAL ORANGE HANDLE 
GENUINE 
‘FISKAR’ SCISSORS 

PR. FOR 

 shop & compare! 

YOU’Ll LOVE THE COOL LOOK 
OF LINEN IN THESE FAMOUS KNITS 
FULL BOLTS 6o” WIDE 
1oo% POLYESTER 
SOLID AND FANCY 
‘LINEN-LOOK’ 
DOUBLE KNITS 

FULL 
PIECE 
YO. PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

O U R BEST 
REMNANTS 

OUR REGULAR $1.19/$1.39 

FULL 
PIECE 
TD. PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
TD. PRICE 

REMNANTS OF UNDETERMINED 

FIBER CONTENT 

DO-IT-YOURSELF. . . NOW IS THE 
TIME TO RECOVER THOSE CHAIRS. . . 
CAR SEATS. . . MAKE BOAT COVERS. . . 
SMOOTH OR CRUSHED LOOK 
1oo% VINYL FACE 1oo% COTTON BACK 
HEAVY CLOTH BACK 
UPHOLSTERY 
54” VINYL 

FULL 
PIECE 
YD. PRICE 
$ 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

BIG SAVINGS NOW!! 
FULL ROLLS 
WHITE OR IVORY 
45 ” WIDE 
38% COTTON, 31% POLY., 31% RAYON 
DRAPERY 
LINING 

FULL 
PIECE 
YD. PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

DRAPERY 
SHEERS 
GOOD COLORS 

FULL 
PIECE rD. PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER rD. PRICE 

1oo% POLYESTER.. . 4 4 /45 ” WIDE 

I m m 

T M 

\ 

M i 

 is 

S.A. officials may land three hotels downtown 

THE SOUTH TEXAS BUILDING would house the proposed 
King David Hotel 

By RICHAR I) ERICKSON 
EXPRESS NEWS BUSINESS EDITOR 
Two and possibly three pro­ posed downtown hotels may face m uch-im proved prospects be­ cause of moves on several fronts by San Antonio city officials. 
Th** King David. Plaza National and 
Western International hotels are need­ ed to continue to attract large conven­ tions. city spokesmen say. 
Converting the South Texas B uild­ ing. 8o3 Navarro St., into a 2oo-room, first-class hotel is a joint venture now being offered to Mexican businessmen, the Express-News has learned. 

Sessions 

The possibility was raised d u rin g w o rk in g se ssio n s in M exico City between a 35-member delegation from the G reater San Antonio C ham ber of 
Commerce and representatives of the 
Confederation of C ham bers of Com ­ merce of Mexico. 
The Alamo City delegation, headed by Mayor Lila Cockrell, went lo Mexico 
City May 25 to discuss plans for the upcoming 1977 Mexican Trade Fair. 
But Peter Brunner, vice president of to u rism for the M exican c h a m b e r group, revealed in ““a telephone interview- the p o ssib ility of a jo in t 
Mexican-American venture to pro­ mote San Antonio to u rism and co n ­ vention business also was discussed. 
“ And one of the possibilities m e n ­ tioned was the King David H otel.” 

Express-New* 
Business & Finance 

Most complete business coverage in South Texas 
Sunday June 5 1977 
* * 
P a g e 
I G 

Brunner said from Mexico City. 

He is also president of Econohotels of 
Mexico, a hotel o p eratin g com pany with three first class operations in 
Mexico City and one opening Monday in La Paz. 
Advantage of both 

Brunner said the mutual investment would work to the advantage of both countries. “ We discussed the possibi­ lities of promoting stronger tit's between the pre-imposed convention tours that come to San Antonio to (also go to) such p laces as Mexico City. 
Acapulco, Puerto Vallarta and G uada­ lajara. 

“ It would become a two-way street in to u rism ,” B runner said, adding r e ­ se arch in d ic ate d $3.5 m illio n w as needed for the refurbishing project. 

"I would say it would take about a month to a month and a half before we have so m e th in g d e fin ite ,” he said. 
“ This would be both equity investment and short-term financing.” 
Firm stops energy waste 

Millions of dollars are going up San 
Antonio’s chimneys every day. 
T h e m oney is also going out windows or through thin walls. 
The loss is in energy, a product whose price is rapidly increasing. 
Energy Conservation System s Inc. 
(ECS) was formed recently to stop that loss. 
The local firm , headed by form er publisher Stanley Cam pbell w ith r e ­ tired A ir F o rc e B rig . G en. Harry 
S p ille rs a s g e n e r a l m a n a g e r, h as gathered a group of engineering, elec­ trical heating and air conditioning experts to work on specific problems. 
Energy audit 
Along with several nationally recog­ nized energy conservation consultants, the company “ audits” energy used by the specific client, consults with the experts and com es up with specific econom ic rec o m m en d atio n s on how m oney and e n e rg y can be sa v ed through more efficient operations. 
This means m ore than just com par­ ing the amount of energy to the size of 

 the building. Spillers said. 
“We conduct in-depth studies, m ea­ suring the consum ption of heat pro­ ducing and power consum ing equip­ ment ranging from huge heating units to the smallest light bulb,” he said. 
The company then determines where and how much energy is wasted and m e a s u r e s th e s e fin d in g s w ith the day-to-day cost of operation of the client firm. 
Example 
As an e x a m p le of the p ro c e ss, 
Spillers pointed to a large local, com ­ puter firm which underwent an “ en­ ergy audit.” 
“ We discovered it was costing our client a disasterous three tim es what it should to operate this one facility,” he said. “ But some of the reasons for this extremely high cost were bizarre, to say the least.” 
One reason was a com puter room which was kept too warm. It.was that way, they d isco v ered , b ecau se the therm ostat for that room was in an­ other area where a clerk kept setting 

 the heat level to suit her own comfort. 
In another room, light was pouring in from huge picture windows while more than 24 overhead fluorescent lights burned brightly — all for the benefit of one person. 
Big waste, cost 
After closing hours, lights and heat were kept at the sam e level as during the day, purely for the comfort of one night watchman. All of these resulted in trem endous w aste of energy and increased costs for the business. 
FCS com puted cost e s tim a tes for m aking several modifications to the building such as moving thermostats, reducing light levels, altering air con­ d itio n in g and h e a tin g d u c ts and installing solar film on large window areas. 
The group also m ad e detailed r e ­ commendations for equipm ent servic­ ing and c h a n g in g o p e ra tin g p ro c e ­ dures. 
“ We often find many thousands of dollars can be saved from conserv ing wasted energy if businessm en would 

 learn to practice a few simple rules of com mon sense and good housekeep­ ing.” Spillers noted. 
Prior to his position with ECS, he was vice com m ander of the San An­ tonio Logistics Center at Kelly AFB and then in charge of logistics for the 
Air Force’s Military Airlift Command. 
(MAC). 

Campbell was executive director of 
Power Master Inc., a company which markets a device to conserve electrical energy by suppressing over-voltage. 

Campbell emphasized FCS does not recommend any specific equipment but only procedures and types of equipment which can be used to handle specific energy-waste problems. 

'Die board of directors includes Tom 
Berg, chairman of the San Antonio City 
Public Service; Art Thompson, owner of Food City Inc.; .Jerry Dyer, owner of 
Dyer E lectronics; Jon Holt, custom builder, and T D. Terry, owner of Fort 
Worth’s Tri-City Electric Co. 

Efraim Abramoff. construction firm owner and developer of the King Dav id project, indicated the foreign invest­ ment might be necessary because of tin' hesitancy of downtown San Antonio financial institutions. 
Abramoff said he attem pted to get full financing from 
San Antonio 
Savings Assn. but was told lie had to have at least $2 million from oilier sources before a SASA loan for the rem ainder could be arranged 
“ I went to the hanks and they said they were not iii the long-term financ­ ing business.” he said, noting that he thought banks felt guilty about not helping the downtown area at the sam e time they were refusing to loan money for downtown projects. 
The construction company owner al­ so said he had a possible second source of financing for his hotel in a California m ortgage firm which he declined to identify. 
G roundbreaking for the 25o-room, 
$8.5 million Plaza Naeional Hotel to he built at the intersection of Alamo and 
Durango streets is set for November, according to Martha Buchanan Lu­ cero. 

She and Im sbaiid-developer Jo se 
“ Pope" Lucero briefed City Council on their plans May 28. The council re ­ sponded by extending the couple’s op­ tions on city-owned property on which tin' lintel would be built in order to allow a final investor appraisal. 
“ We have bad flus long-term fin­ ancing pending for six weeks and, within another six weeks when this filial appraisal is completed, we will reveal the investor’s nam e," Mrs. Lu­ cero said. 
She said financial arrangements 

FRANK LEACH 

 rn 

PEPE LUCERO 
MARTHA LUCERO 
W ork to hog! ii on first hospital in Southwest S.A. 

Groundbreaking for the first hospital in San Antonio’s southwest area probably will be iii September, according to project officials. 

Community Hospital of Southwest will be built at S.W. Military Drive at 
Barlite Boulevard. 

The hospital probably will open for patient care iii January 1979. said 
David Rose. Southwest Region director for American Medicorp Inc. and head of its su bsid iary. Medicorp Management Inc. 

The 168-bed private hospital will be a three-story concrete building covering 1oo.ooo square feet . It will have a m ajor em ergency room facility with intensive and acute care, Rose said. 

The building will cost $6 million, and total cost with equipment will run more than $8 million. Rose said. 

Medicorp M anagem ent, which recently moved its offices from San 
Antonio to Dallas, will act as adm inistrator for the hospital. 

Medicorp m anages Community Hospital in northwest San Antonio plus three facilities in Houston, two in Corpus Christi, one in Lewisville, Tex., and one in Phoenix, Ari/.. 

In all, the corporation operates 49 hospitals in 14 states. 

Community Hospital of Southweat will be owned by a group of 22 local doctors known as Southwest Hospitals Limited. 

Individuals of the group have not been identified. 

Financing for the project is through Safeco, a subsidiary of Safe Care of 
Seattle. Wash. The firm is a diversified service insuring and investing in medical facilities across the United States. 

Oil refinery ups capacity 

Pioneer Oil Refinery in Nixon has re­ sumed production with a doubled capacity of 5,ooo barrels per day, according to the president of Tomlinson Oil Co., new owners of the facility. 

Warren E. Tomlinson announced the refinery went on stream Wednesday following installation of $3 million of new equipment and improvements. 

Financing of the project, including storage capa­ city for 75.o(H) barrels of crude and product oil. was arranged with Fannin Bank and Val Verde Corp., both of Houston. 

All stock 

Tomlinson Oil, based in Wichita, Kau., recently purchased Pioneer Refining Inc. for $1.25 million and m erged the com pany into Tomlinson Natural 
Gas Co. Inc., a Texas corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Tomlinson Oil. 

Under the new m anagem ent, refinery production will include 22 million gallons of JP4 jet fuel to be delivered during the next IO months to the U.S. Air 
Force. This is through a contract with the Defense 
Fuel Supply Center. 

Other ap p ro x im ate daily production rates will include 2,4oo b arrels of fuel oil. 1.ooo b arrels of diesel fuel and 2oo barrels of anptha. 
W orker appraisal class set 

You get rich quicker with a Bexar County Savings certificate because you earn more sooner. Shorter terms make the difference. 
Look. Certificates that take 6-1o years to mature elsewhere, mature in just two years at Bexar County Savings. Compare our rates 
-and terms, lf you’d rather get rich sooner than later, get a Bexar 
County Savings savings certificate. 

Appraising bow an employe is doing for promotion, evaluation or improving department efficiency is the topic of a one-day continuing education program to be held 
Tuesday. 
“ Perform ance A ppraisal," or the m an­ agem ent by objectives m ethod, will be discussed by Dr. William A. G erm er, a psychologist, counselor and consultant for a local m a n a g e m e n t co nsultant firm . 
Management and Professional Resources 
Inc. (MPR). 
Questions 

Dr. John D. Hezel, president of MPR, will also add re c o m m e n d a tio n s aud answ er questions d u rin g the day-long session at the Institute of Texan Cultures. 
The w orkshop is a p ro g ra m of the 
University of Texas at San Antonio Con­ tinuing Education Division. 
When appraising un employe with ob­ jectives, the two men say. the employer, after establishing the job duties, can help the worker establish goals. 

- - 

Germ er 
Hezel 

By evaluation, the employe will have a better understanding of bis position and expectations of the employer, they say. 
“The m anager is caught in a dual role," 
Dr. Hezel said. “ He is a coach, counselor 

 and helper versus the role of judge." 
The appraisal of perform ance in a logi­ cal m anner can help the employer escape that problem. For example, the employer can decide on promotions through a better u nderstanding of how his w orkers a re doing. 
Germ er, former coordinator of evalua­ tion in the Colorado Mental Health De­ partment. was responsible for developing the management by objectives system. He has helped various firms in San Antonio use this system to their advantage. 

I 
15 years 

Dr. Hezel bas worked in executive ap­ praisal, personnel selection, wage and salary administration, group conflict an­ alysis development and attitude surveys for more than 15 years. 
They will teach the workshop through lectures, case history studies, role play­ ing and audiovisual materials. 
For registration inform ation, call the 
UTSA Continuing Education Division at 
227-9147. 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
DEPOSIT 

 l e n g t h o f 
DEPOSIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
MATURITY 
YIELD 
7.75% 
S1ooo 
24 MONTHS 
8.o5% 8.37% 
7.5o% 
$1ooo 
18 MONTHS 
7.79% 7.94% 
7% 
$1ooo 
12 MONTHS 
7.25% 7.25% 
6.75% 
$1ooo 
6 MONTHS 
6.98% 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45% 
5.75% 
$25 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 5.92% 

Savings in by the 2oth earn from the 1st. 
COUNTY 
SAVINGS 

Chartered, supervised and examined regularly by the Savings and Loan Department of the State of Texas 

13oo McCreless 
Shopping City, 
San Antonio, 
Texas 
78223 
532-3136 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 19/7 
Your June I pay shows cut in taxes 

The vast majority of Ameri­ cans have just had their taxes cut, thanks to the tax-simplifi- cation law signed recently. You saw the results in your paycheck as of June I. 
Withholding rates were reduced a little, giving you more cash to take home. 
But if you have a strong desire to save m ore money, consider asking your employer to continue withholding taxes at the old rate. 
When you file a tax return next year, you'll then get a nice refund. I f s like taking your tax cut in a lump sum, rather than in dribs and drabs. 
If you don’t use the standard deduc­ tion. definitely consider having taxes withheld at the old rate. Taxes have not been cut for the 21 per cent of tax­ payers expected to item ize returns next year. So the lower withholding could result in a higher cash payment due the government next April 15. 

Law details 
Here are details on the new tax law: 
® 
B etter Standard Deduction for 
Married Couples: The old deduction ranged from $2.oo(1 to $2,8oo. depend­ ing on income. The new deduction is a flat $3,2oo for everyone. 
Incidentally, it won't be called the standard deduction any more. The new lib b e r -ja b b e r is 
“ zero b ra c k e t a m o u n t.” Does that m ak e things simpler? 
• 
B etter standard Deduction for 
M ost S in g le s: The old deduction ranged from $1,7oo to $2,4oo, depend­ ing on income. The new deduction is a flat $2,2oo for everyone. This means a tax cut for about 16 million others. Thei 

By Jane Bryant Quinn 

 tax increase is concentrated among those earning more than $15,ooo. 
• S m aller W orking Wife Penalty: 
Married couples, where both husband and wife work, still have to pay a higher tax than if they were single and filing separately. But the penalty has been reduced a little. 
M arried couples w here only one spouse works continue to pay less than a sin g le person e a rn in g the sam e amount. 

Tax experts say there’s no way to tax the income of single and married peo­ ple exactly alike, and at the same time apply higher tax rates to higher in­ comes. You have to choose one or the other. 
• Tax Simplification: The tax forms introduced last year forced taxpayers to make a number of new calculations. 
That made tax filing more complicated and vastly increased the number of mistakes. 

Next year's form will eliminate all ca lcu la tio n s for people tak ing the standard deduction — unless they take one of the special credits, like the child care credit or retirement income cre­ dit. It will also introduce a simple tax table for the people who itemize de­ ductions. 

• One-time Break for Retired Peo­ ple: A change was made in the retire­ m en t-in co m e c re d it last y e a r. It lowered taxes for older people with small incomes and raised taxes for those with larger incomes (generally speaking, those m aking m ore than 
$11,4oo). 
This change is still in effect. But people who were hurt by the new law have been given one year of grace, 
If the new retirement income credit forced you to pay more taxes for 197o than you would have otherwise, you can refigure the tax according to the old rules and apply for a refund. 
Ask for help, if you need it, from an office of the Internal Revenue Service or a tax preparer. File form 1o4oX, for an amended return, plus schedule 
RIC. Next year, however, you'll be stuck with tile new rules. 

Sick Fay 
• One-time Break on Sick Pay: Last year's tax law wiped out the provision that allowed the first SKM) a week of sick pay to pass untaxed. 
But the million or so taxpayers hurt by Ibis have a one-time chance to get some money back. Congress has de­ cided not to apply this change to I DTH taxes, so if you didn’t deduct sick pay on the 1976 return, you can file for a refund. 
You’ll need form IIMOX and form 
244o — but the latter form won’t be available until late June. So make a note right away to check with an IRS office at that time. 
Also, mention this tax windfall to anyone who you think might be entitled to it. The average refund is estimated at around $327 — and some of you may get $1,ooo or more. 

Seminars on handling cash 

Learning how to manage money is the subject of a three-part seminar being offered by Joske’s Department 
Store. 
The three l l/2-hour seminars on in­ vestment, forming estate and tax plans and life insurance purchases will be presented by Eddie Fuchs, division manager of Waddell & Reed Financial 
Services Inc. 
The sessions are set for June 9, 16 and 23 in the third floor restaurant in 
Joske's North Star Mall store begin­ ning at 7 p.m. 
The seminars are free, and a per­ sonal consultation will be offered at the 
.end of the three sessions. 
(Topics covered in both are geared to specific, individual problems. 
“ It is a fact that a majority of work­ ing Am ericans go into their ‘golden years’ of retirement flat broke," Fuchs said. “ I t ’s b ecau se of the la ck of well-defined goals and not being sure of what money must do.” 
Because of limited enrollment, ad­ vance reservation are necessary. To enroll, call Jo s k e ’s special events office at 227-4343. ext. 7oo between IO a.m. and 5 p.m. 
Rackley elected district governor 

A senior vice president of Alamo 
Savings Assn. has been elected a dis­ trict gov ern or of the 
F in a n c ia l 
Managers Society for Savings Institu­ tions Inc. 
Charles L. Rackley. as governor, represents the society’s District ll, covering Mississippi, Arkansas, Lo­ uisiana, Oklahoma, Texas and New 
Mexico. 
Rackley has been active in the so­ ciety, serving as president of the 
Central Texas Group and chairman and m e m b er of a nu m ber of the group’s technical committees. 
The Financial M anagers Society, whose m em bers are the operations officers of savings institutions, is an affiliate of the United States League of 
Sav ings Assns. 
DOWNTOWN HOTELS MAY COME TO S.A. 

Continued from Rage IG 

 were in term s of a 3o-vear com m it­ ment with “ one of the top five investor firms in the country.” Sources have said the investor is a Houston-based insurance firm. 

“ We have been given a public vote of confidence by the new council,” Mrs. 
Lucero said. The extension was only necessary because, she said, the lender wanted evidence the city was not “ go­ ing to je r k the rug out a fte r two years.” 
” V\e have the land on a contract of sale, we have a management company signed up and we’ve made a financial 

 com m itm ent to the property of, to date, $4oo,ooo.” Pope Lucero said. 
“ And if you find developers who have made that kind of commitment, you’ re probably going to find d e­ velopers who are probably going to have a hotel,” his wife said. 

Western International 
City officials are also known to be working toward a successful ground­ breaking of the proposed Western In­ ternational Hotel to be built over the 
San Antonio River extension between 
M arket and Com m erce streets near 
Convention Center. 
“ The rumors that Sun Antonio is not 
Marketplace 

The Local Ledger 

Apache Corp. has opened a San Antonio district office for its oil and gas division at 8o9 Crown Tower, 87oo Crownhill Blvd. John Q. Wheeler, superintendent of South Texas drilling and production, manages the new office. The San Antonio location is the third for the Minnesota-based company’s oil and gas division. The two others are in Denver, Colo., and 
Tulsa, Okla. 
National Health Laboratories, with major offices in San Antonio and throughout the rest of the country, has a new executive vice president in charge of scientific affairs. He is Dr. Ja m es W. Winkelman, author of the most widely read textbook in his field of clinical chemistry. 
Austin’s American Founders Life Insurance Co. reported an increase in earnings of 26.9 per cent for the first three months of the year. Net earnings increased from $287,271 for the first quarter of 1976, to $364,545 for the same period in 1977. This is an increase from 25 cents to 32 cents per share. 
The president of Man power Inc. of Wisconsin, Mitchell Fromstein, was in Sun Antonio recently to celebrate the 2oth anniversary of the local 
Manpower office, 63o Broadway, and to speak at a meeting of the Executive 
Women International. 
Most of the nonbanking assets of the Howard Corp., a subsidiary of 
Republic of Texas Corp, have been purchased by AA Development Corp., an American Airlines subsidaiary. The proposed sale had been announced in February. 

 supporting these projects are not cor­ rect.” said Frank Leach, director of the city ’s Office of Economic Assis­ tance and city liaison to Concord Pro­ perties Inc., developers of the Western holel project. 
‘The city aud other local groups are doing everything they can to see that this hotel is built,” he said. “ And the rumors of no city support are false.” 
Leach declined to be more specific on city actions in the matter. 
Ile maintained, however, if any one proposed downtown hotel would begin construction, other investors imme­ diately would begin establishing com­ petition. 
“ The problem is getting the first one started but as soon as you do. they’re going to start building hotels right now,” he said. 
The director illustrated his point us­ ing average hotel room rates in San 
Antonio. 
“ When investors come down here they have to figure their income on existing room rates and the fact is, those rates are too low in San Antonio to establish a good operating income figure,” he said. 

Raise room rates 

“ Now as soon as the first hotel is built, that is going to raise the room rate and, when that happens, the in­ vestors are going to be able to make money and will come in here. 
“There is not a question of competi­ tion,” he said. “ They ignore that. They feel the more the better and th a t’s what people don’t understand.” Leach added he knows of two smaller opera­ tions that would be built immediately if the Western 
International project was begun. 
Ed Klar of Concord Properties con­ firms his holel is still alive but blamed 

HAWAII o 1977 
7 Days, 6 Nights From 4 6 4 .o o 
8 Days, 7 Nights From 4 8 1 .o o 
A irfa re H o tels and Sigh tseein g Included 
HAWAII— AIRFARE ONLY $ 3 2 7 .o o 

— ACAPULCO 
4 Days, 3 Nights— $179.oo 
M ajor Holiday W eekends 
Includes A irfa re H o tel an d Transfers 

-C A R IB B E A N C R U IS E - 
For O ne W e e k Visiting San Juan 
St. M aarten and St. Thomas 
From *5oo°° includes A irfare from 

San 
Antonio, 
Transfers, 
State­ room, All M eals and O ther Cruises 
Am enities. 

— LAS VEGAS— 
4 Days, 3 Nights— 21 9 .o o 
5 Days, 4 Nights— 23 2 .o o 
A irfa re , H otels, an d Tran sfers 

These are only four of o ve r 
1o,ooo tours and cruises 
SAFARiW ORLD OFFERS! 

Please send me m ore inform ation en________________________________________ 
NAM?______________________________ 
ADDRESS___________ 

 problems on alleged second thoughts by a city advisory group. 
“ We are working on it as hard as ever,” Elan said. He said the delayed ground-breaking — postponed to so­ metime in the future — was because of 
„bad publicity coming out of statements from the San Antonio R iv e r W alk 
Commission. 
T h e c o m m issio n supp osed ly a p ­ proved the idea of the over-the-river hotel when it was first announced in 
August 1975 but later seemed to back off from that stand. 
Two letters, which K lar said had been written by the advisory group to 
City Council, confirmed com mission approval but said the approval was reluctant, the developer explained. 
This, he added, frightened some of his investors. 

Set back 

“Those letters and the publicity just set us back,” he said. “ It is all well to tell investors we have everything all worked out with local groups and city agencies but then this one com es up with something out of the blue.” 
Com. Larry Raba replied the com ­ mission passed a resolution of ap­ proval M arch 16. That re so lu tio n , however, contains several negative statements such as “ extensive en­ croachment on the river," “ unfortun­ ate p re c e d e n t” and “ poor u se ” in granting commission approval of the project. 
Klar said the publicity even caused investors to pull out of the deal. 
“We’re trying to patch it up and it did not kill the p r o je c t,” he said . 
“With over $5oo,ooo invested in this, the last thing we want to do is cancel the p ro je ct." He noted, though, that some reconsideration of positions was underway. 

The 2o-story Western International would contain 65o rooms and would cost $28 million. 

Y et an o th er proposed hotel, the 
Hyatt R egency suggested for C om ­ m erce Street between Navarro and 
Presa streets, is still in limbo, said 
Montgomery, Ala., developer Edward 
Dennis, who indicated he may have an announcement on progress of the $32 million construction within the next 3o days, 
There seems little doubt downtown hotels can be p ro fita b le and a re needed. Sources close to the Hilton 
Palacio del Rio say between 6o to 8o per cent of that operation’s business is with San Antonio conventions. 

San Antonio Convention and Visitors 
Bureau spokesmen list the Palacio as the chain's top money maker, tied only with the Sun Francisco Hilton for that honor. They also say the San Antonio 
Hilton has a more than 9o per cent average occupancy rate. 

As to need, the bureau confirmed the cancellation of a 1981) convention of three medical groups with more than 
3,5oo delegates. Other groups, such as the American Dietary Assn., have said they will not return until San Antonio obtains more first class hotel rooms. 
$18o lost a day 

The loss of these conventions and the questionable status of others means a basic loss of $18o per day per delegate, said Linda Brown, convention bureau sales manager. More revenue is lost than that, she said, in city-supplied serv ices and service-related. 

Brown maintains the threatened and cancelled convention business could support a hotel or a combination of hotels that would add 1,ooo new first class rooms to the city’s total. 

San Antonio cu rren tly has about 
1.ooo such rooms among nine down­ town hotels. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED b B P tA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y^ 

Perfect for Retirement or 
Commuting. 24 miles So. of 41o, owner financed. 9o 
Acres Ro.ck Home, P e r­ m anent G r a s s , P ecan 
O rch ard . 
Irrig a tio n , 
P en s, 
B a r n s , 
Paved 
Road. For Details Cal! G. 
P. Real Estate 341-o171. 
Ja m e s Leslie Diluorth, 
S a le s m a n , 
133-6332, nites. 

CMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short & 
Long Wheel B ase Van- duras & Suburbans. 
TINDALL & SON 
Pontiac, CMC 

ALM AC Const Co. 
AII Types of Steel Bldgs 
656-o881 

Special Dispersal Sale 
From Bruce Weaver’s 
Tortuga Ranch 
75o Crossbred Stocker 
Cow and Calves. 
June IL I P.M. Sat. 
Cotulla Livestock Mkt 
Cotulla, Tx. 

FO R FAST RL SU IT S 
P I A C I Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN THI ( X P R E S S N E W S 
C A L L 2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 
Two big ag events due in S.A. 

At least two m a jo r events relating to agri­ culture will be held this week in San Antonio. 
The first will be the annual spring round-up of the G reater San An­ tonio Chamber of Com­ 

 merce's Farm and Ranch 
Committee. The second will be the barbecue and dance for the benefit of the Bexar County Junior 
Livestock Show. 
Reagan Brown, Texas co m m issio n e r of 

PHONE 

Safariw orld Travel 
47 
9 o o N .E. L oop 4 1 o 
Sail Antonio, T e x a s 7 8 2 o 9 
( 5 1 2 ) 828-5629 

ROBINSON 

One-of-a-kind 

He s young, with fresh ideas about sports-reportmg 
Yet he's into the sports scene like a seasoned veteran 

Young ideas with the insight and knowledge an old pro. W hat a com bination1 

See what we mean 
Follow B arry’s column 

 every mom ma in the 

#an Antonio (frpress 

You’ll agree he’s one-of-a-kind. 

For Home Delivery, Call 225*7411 

 agriculture, will be the sp eak er at the spring round-up at noon 
Wednesday at the Jersey 
Lilly Room of the Pearl 
Brewing Co. 
Cost of the meal tickets will be $3.5o per person, and reservations can be m ade by callin g the chamber at 227-8181. 
Many San Antonio area re sid e n ts have heard 
Brown speak in recent years. 
Barbecue 
The benefit barbecue and dance Saturday at 
Comanche Park No. 2 is the only fund raising ac­ tivity of the Bexar County 
Junior Livestock Show . 
S e rv in g of b a rb e cu e will start at 4:3o p.m. and 

 battle Clatter 

 the dance at 8 p.m. 
T ic k e ts for the b a r ­ becue are $2 each and can be bought from 4-H 
Club and 
F u tu r e 
F a r m e r s of 
A m e r ic a chapter members. 
The big livestock show annually is held in J a n ­ uary. E n try lis ts have been growing each year, and the show now is one of the la rg e s t county shows in the state. 

DON’T READ THIS!! 

 your business is producing the results you strive for 

BUT, 

 you hove not tapped its full potential, a phone call can open the doors that w ill help you reach your com p an y’s growth and profit goals. 

A s qualified, results-oriented professionals, we understand your problem s and are ava ila b le to provide the guidance for effective use of capital and developm ent ot m anagem ent skids that result in greater productivity and profit im ­ provem ent - all on a "tim e-n ee ded" basis. 

This is your opportunity to m ove ahead o f your com petitor! 

C a ll ar write for a no-obligation interview. 

HARVEY ERBEN & ASSOCIATES 
MANAGEMENT ANO BUSINESS CONSULTANTS 
9oo N.E. Loop AI O— SuiteC 11A 
Sun Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 o 9 — (512) 82S-9314 

Specialists in: 
Financial Analysis. Employee Relations A Benefits, M arketing $ 
Prom otional 
Programs, 
Adm inistrative 
Managem ent 
A Organisational Planning and Mergers. Acquisitions A Sales. 

The Country Edition of 
Austin will be playing for the dance. 
It is almost worth the price of the ticket just to smell the barbecue odor during the afternoon. 
Money from the event is used for premiums and other expenses of the big show in January. 

Pest information 

Civic, business and so­ cial groups now can get free, e x p e rt ad vice on what to do about house­ hold p e sts such as co ck roach es, te rm ite s, fleas and ants. 
VV. A. “ B i l l ” W ard, 

 vice president of Aggie 
Chem ical Industries in 
San Antonio, said 2,ooo members of the National 
Pest Control Assn. are offering group presenta­ tions and consum er in­ formation brochures on the subject. 

The action has been taken as a result of Pre­ sident C arter’s recogni­ tion of Ju ne as National 
Pest Control Month. 

Ward said that groups and clubs wanting infor­ m ation on control of pests should co n ta ct 
NPC A members listed in the yellow’ pages under 

NEW CASING & TUBING 

AVAILABLE FOR IMMEDIATE SHIPMENT 
A.P.L. SEAMLESS K-55 STEEL 
2Va 
4.7 # f.U.E. 
VA 
9.5 # s.r.c. 
4 Ka 1o.5 # S.T.C. 
4'A 11.6 # S.T.C - L.T.C. 
8SA 24 # S.T.C. 
TEXAS OILFIELD SUPPLY 
Charles Hall 713 — 6 2 1 -7 5 6 6 

E x te rm in a tin g or P e s t 
Control, Ward said. 

Information also can be secured by w riting the 
N ational P est Control 
Assn. at 815o Leeburg 
Pike, Vienna, Va., 2218o. 

Proposal rapped 

P roposed ad ditional restrictions on the use of tetracyclines in livestock and poultry feeds could lead to in creases of as much as 15 cents a pound in the re ta il p ric e s of meat, according to an of­ ficial of the A m erica n 
Cynamid Co. 

Dr, L. M. Skam ser of the com pany told the 
House Subcommittee on 
Dairy and Poultry that it is neither wise economics nor prudent public health practice to allow food - producing animals to be­ come sick before author­ izing treatment. 

The Food and D rug 
Administration has pro­ posed banning the use of tetracy clin es at low le­ vels. They have been used for disease preven­ tion, growth promotion and feed efficiency. 

Dr. S k am se r pointed out that American farm families, handling medi­ cated feeds and animals which consume medicat­ ed feeds, have health re­ cords as good as those of non-farm families. 

H O W A R D CARPENTER, president of G ra n n y’s Basket, c e n te r , show s d e s ig n to Bill C a r p e n t e r , g e n e r a l m a n ag e r, left, and Larry Pow ell, m arketing repro* sentaHve 
.View Food chain’s hom e is in S.A. 

San Antonio Is the headquarters of Granny’s Basket Inc., a new nation­ wide fast-food franchise company. 

Located iii the 18oo Building, 18oo N.E. 11141o. the firm hopes to employ more than 5ft local residents within the next year at the corporate offices. 

Franchises are underway in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, officials said, and three sites for local operations are under consideration for San 
Antonio. 

The restaurants should he in operation by the end of the summer. 

Howard Carpenter, president of the locally owned company, notes the operations will feature several types of foods usually found only in a number of different restaurants. 

Hamburgers, fried chicken, fish and ice cream products will be available at Granny’s Basket outlets. 

Son Antonio EX P R E S S -N EW S — 
Sunday June 5 I 9 7 7 

Webbies 
John C. Webbies has been elected presi­ dent of the Texas Mortgage Bankers Assn. at the group’s annual conference in Houston. 
Webbies is president of 1). Ansley Co. Inc., an affiliate of the Frostbank Corp. 
Jerry Horvath has joined 1776 Inc. as vice president and chief financial officer. The restaurant chain owns Avery's. The Back­ yard. M am a's and Cappy’s. Horvath has been associated with the restaurant business since he was IB years old. 
Michael A. Dippo has been elected auditor at Windsor Park Bank. Hippo joined Windsor 
Park Bank aper graduation from Roosevelt 
High School in 1973. 
Also at Windsor Park Bank, 
David P. 
Henneke has been elected marketing officer. 
Henneke is a graduate of Texas A&I Univer­ sity and is a member of the American Insti­ tute of Banking. 
The State Mutual Life Assurance Co. of 
America has honored George M. Luhn Jr. and Barney T. Matteson as oustanding sales representatives. They were selected to at­ tend the company's 1977 Leaders Education­ al Conference in Bermuda. 
Mary Geyer has joined the KoNIG Design 
Group, offering services in marketing com­ munications. She has experience in the areas of administration, coordination, public rela­ tions, promotions and audio visuals. 
AX. Leske. president of Alamo Refriger­ ation, and 
H. J. Hauger, vice president, recently attended a national energy conser­ vation meeting in York, Pa. 
Tommie T. Carter has been nam ed manager of the Olmos Park Firestone store, 
4311 San Pedro. Carter joined Firestone 1M> years ago and has completed all phases of management training. A Seguin native, he is a graduate of Ball High in Seguin and the 
Eason Automotive Institute of Technology. 
Sales and Marketing Executives of San 
Antonio Inc. has installed new officers for 
1977-1978. Officers are Mrs. 
Frankie L. 
Morley, president; Larry Niehus and Ed­ win C. Johnston, vice presidents, and Ken 
Keplinger. treasurer. Mrs. 
Betty Wilson will continue as executive secretary. Mrs. 
Morley will be the first woman president in the association's 41-year history. 
The Purchasing Management Assn. of San 
Antonio has cited Maxine Mirth as its out­ standing member for the past year. She is the recipient of the Conway L. Holmes 
Award. 
The Purchasing Management Assn. also has named Dennis Anderson of United Ser­ vices Automobile Assn. as president for 
1977-1978. Other officers are Charles Brad­ bury, first vice president; Richard Cooper, second vice president; 
Henry F. Garcia, recording secretary; Kathryn Alexander, corresponding secretary, and Charles ll. 
Oswald, treasurer. Also intalled were John 
L. MacEntee and John W. Brooks, directors, and 
Russell 
Espach and 
Lula 
Mae Lindsay, director and alternate director for national affairs. 
T hree San A ntonians have com pleted workshops at the JCPenney Regional Train­ ing Center in Atlanta, Ga. Dorene Gunn and 
Lucite Richardson com pleted selling superv isor sessions and Barbara Richardson attended a home entertainment-major ap­ pliance product presentation. 
Charles Manley and his wife are attending the Farmers Insurance Group of companies' 
Presidents’ Council in Santa Barbara. Calif. 
Manley is a new member of the council. 
John F. Klekar, divisional sales manager for Investors Diversified Services in San 
Antonio and his wife, Barbara, attended a national IDS divisional m anagers’ confer­ ence in Minneapolis, Minn. 
IDS home office executives conducted dai­ ly sessions on marketing, human relations and sales management. 
David Lovelace has been elected vice president of the Arlington National Bank. 
Before joining the bank, he was a sales rep re se n ta tiv e for San Antonio-based 
Clarke/Courier. 
Glenn G. Turner of Yellow Yan and Stor­ age recently attended the Lyon Moving and 
Storage Co.’s 1977 Agents National Confer­ ence in Tuseon, Adz. More than 2oo top management personnel from moving and storage companies affilitated with Lyon throughout the country attended the four-day conference. 
Four associates of the San Antonio branch office of Connecticut General Life Insurance 
Co. have qualified for the Honor Table, the company’s highest honor for its field sales representatives in the individual insurance operations. 
They are George Cockran, 
Robert 
Gardner, Donald Harper and J. Wendell 
Porter. 
Fred Mann has been promoted to Main­ tenance Supervisor at Handy Andy. 
* Also at Handy Andy, Charles Gay den has been promoted to administrative assistant. 

* x‘!v 
S M M 
Leske 

Hauger 

 a r a # " * ! * I 
Mirth 

Anderson 

Years of Coil led to savings firm 

When the doors of Su­ burban Savings Assn. opened for the first time last week, it was the cul­ mination of over four years of planning. 
W illiam Sinkin, ad­ visory director of the new association and c h a ir­ man of the board of the nearby Texas State Bank, founded the project at 
1735 So. WAV. White 
Road. But he said he was working on it for years before then. 
“When I came to this area of the city in 19B9. I looked at what was need­ ed here like, for example, recreation facilities, a movie theater, a good restaurant and especially a full service savings as­ sociation.’’ he said. 

Sinkin noted a savings association is often bet­ ter able to lend money for construction in an area than a bank is and offers little competition to his hank. 

“ It is competition but the kind of competition that, when it prospers, we’ll get part of that prosperity,” he said. 
An economic study w as the first move toward 
Suburban Savings. Be­ gun in late 1973 by the 
Center for Studies in Bu­ siness, Economics and 
Human Resources at the 
University of Texas at 
San Antonio, the study indicated the southeast area, with more than 
5o,ooo people, could sup­ 

 port a savings and loan. 
The proposed business’ board of directors was selected specifically with the minority makeup of the community in mind, 
Sinkin recalls. 
“ We developed the most integrated hoard in the trade area in terms of minority representation and ethnic distribution.” he said 
The board includes, for example, three blacks, three M exican-A m eri- cans. one woman and one 
Chinese Four Anglos are on the board. Different economic backgrounds are represented with two major developers and the president of the local 
AFL-C’IO. 
The battle for the three 
Oil institute chief to speak on energy 

Frank N. Ikard, president of the 
American Petroleum Institute, will speak on the envirotnental-energy controversy in ceremonies June 9 at 
Kerrville’s Schreiner College. 
Approximately 3(1o South Texas bu­ siness and political leaders will join executives of the oil industry to honor 
Ikard as recipient of Schreiner’s first 
Distinguished Alumnus Award. 
Ikard, president of the petroleum institute since 19o3 and a 1931 graduate of Schreiner College, will speak on the 
United States petroleum industry’s position on enviroment vs. the energy shortage. The address is billed as a definitive policy statement. 
His speech opens two days of festi­ vities in Kerrville in honor as a distin­ guished former U.S. congressman and m em ber of the National Petroleum 
Council and World Petroleum Con­ gress. 
F R A N K IK A R D 
Tieachers depressed by shrinking pupils 

[ Odds St ends 

An apple a clay. Money Magazine's 
June issue has an interesting story made even more interesting in light of recent developments in Austin. Teach­ ing is now considered a “ depressed industry,” say economists. Jobs at all levels — from kindergarten to college 
— are not only difficult to find and harder to keep but the m onetary rewards are less in these days of growing inflation. 
The reason? 
School-age population is shrinking and will continue decreasing until 1983 when it will level off. 
If you ca n ’t lick them . . . 
Housewives might be happy to know' 
S&H Green Stamps are continuing a comeback begun in 1976. First quarter 
1977 sales show an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period of 1976. The boom is beginning mostly in the northeast area of the country but a recent survey for the Sperry and Hut­ chinson Co. indicated seven out of IO people have favorable feelings toward bringing back the stamps. 
Oil on troubled waters. Phillips 
Petroleum Co. announced its profits will be higher than the same period last year even with the millions of gallons lost from Bravo Platform oil well in the North Sea recently. 

You want to bet? Poker is not just a card game, a new book maintains. It is an exercise in skillful financial m an­ agement. Frank R. Wallace, author of 
“ Poker: A Guaranteed Income for 
Life,” says it is not luck but applica­ tions of proper poker concepts that assures financial success, just as a well-run business depends on certain rules and concepts. 
Job hunters take note. 
A Chicago- based executive research firm says experienced marketers and merchan­ disers are the two main positions companies are trying to fill. Of the companies surveyed, 46 per cent said they were looking for people with expertise in marketing, 36 per cent in administration. 35 per cent in finance, 
32 per cent in production. 26 per cent in research and 8 per cent in miscellan­ eous other skills. 
Mini-storage units due 

A new mini-storage fa­ cility is scheduled to open in late June or early 
July at 24o5 Jackson- 
Keller Road. 

Called “ Lock-’N-Key.” the new operation will offer 544 storage spaces in eight sizes, ranging from 25 square feet to 2oo square feet. 
It will provide one of the largest selections of mini-storage units in San 
Antonio, according to 
John Hendry, owner of 
Hendry 
Investm ents, which is developing the facility. 

CAFETERIAS, INC. 

Declares 
52nd 

CONSECUTIVE 
QUARTERLY 
CASH DIVIDEND 

Th© Board o* D irectors has declared a dividend ol Ten 
C ents per share on th * Com ­ mon Stock payable Ju n e 3o. 
1977 to shareholders of re­ cord at the dose of business 
Ju n e 16. 1977 

JO H N B L A N O U R C A D E entor V ice President & S e cretary 

Century Building 
BA NE Loop 41o 
San Antonio. Texas 78288 

Want Ads 
225-1666 

Julian H. Craven, CIU 

Business Men s Assurance Company 

 has com pleted all the requirements 

 to be certified as a 

Qualifying M e m b e r 

 of the 

1977 

MILLION DOLLAR ROUND TABLE 

 an independent, international association of life insurance 

 agents. M em bership reflects a commitment to continuing ad ­ 

 vanced education to better serve the financial security needs of 

 fam ilies, individuals and businesses. 

 sI%£%trium 
' 
^ G A R D E N OFFICES 

Unique, handsome garden offices for creative minds. A 

 natural, informal atmosphere nestled in an affluent growing area. Conveniently located at 1938 NE loop 41o, minutes from the airport and downtown. Join our select clientele and give your business the distinction it deserves. 

L ea sin g a n d M a n a g e m e n t by 
H en ry S. M ille r C om p anies 
S u ite 1 2 o , 8 6 2 6 T eso ro D rive 
San A n to n io , T e x a s 7 8 2 1 7 
(5 1 2 ) 8 2 6 - 3 2 5 1 
Efts 
L JUS 

. -O-,- 
,„•» 
J T 
VEG 
SE* - 
~ 
„,. 
3 N ig h ts 

Including 

R O U N D T R IP A IR F A R E , D E L U X E H O T E L , 

T R A N S F E R S , 
B A G G A G E 
H A N D L I N G , 

TIPS & T A X E S . 

Safari world Travel 
J 
OOO V t . Loop I IO, 
Situ Antonio, l f iv* 782oo 

FOR INFORMATION CALL (512) 828-5629 

PLEASE SEND ME MORE INFORMATION. 
(EN) 

J Name----------------------- ----- --- 
I 

Address 

C ity ----- 
S ta te__ 
Zip 

 years after the board was selected, Sinkin said, was finding investors for the proposed savings assoca- tion. 
“ It’s not easy to trans­ late the concept (of the association) into terms to convince people to tic up their cash as pledged savings for three years,” he said. 
But over those three years, m ore than 49o subscribers — limited by 
Federal Home Loan Bank 
Board regulations to a maximum 5 per cent of the stock each — were signed and Sinkin was able to go to Hie bank board with $1.4 million in stock subscriptions and 
$8oo,oo9 in cash pledges. 
The bank board con­ ducted its own investiga­ tions of the area, the dir­ ectors and the validity of the pledges and routinely reviewed the application in its Little Rock, Ark., regional headquarters. 
The board passed its re­ commendations fin to tile full regulatory board in 
Washington, ILC. 
Telegram 
The result was a tele­ gram two weeks ago from Robert Wolbert, as­ sistant treasu rer of the 
Federal Savings and 
Loan Insuran ce Corp. congratulating the hoard of directors on the estab­ lishment of Suburban 
Savings and including the vital seven-digit num ber of their insurance coverage on all deposits. 
“Our story is really not unique.” 
Sinkin ex­ plained, “ but with our neighborhood board its a little different." 
Members of the hoard are: Ernesto Ancira Jr.; 
Dr. Walter Barnett; Mrs. 
Roy B arrera; Col. Tho­ mas Beatty; B I). Brown 
Sr.; Virgil Knowlton; 
Clarence McGowan; Dr. 
Jose Sun Martin; G. E. 
Nidiffer; John Schaefer; 
Conrad J. T ru sa aud 
Thomas W. Young. 
Martin Weiss is the chairman of the bourd. 
Sinkin, because of his position at the Texas 
Slate 
Bank, is not a director but serves in an advisory capacity and is listed as founder. 

♦ 

The best deal going. 
8 days/7 nights. 
Sun, sand and fun. 
GUADALAJARA 
& MAZ ATL AN 
$ 

 for 

 r n 
OO 

 fVr prison , double oci'up.nu \ plus airfare 

3 NIGHTS IN 
GUADALAJARA AT THE 
C * HOTEL 
F E N I X 
I [ he happiest hotel in town 

I NIGHTS IN 
MAZATLAN AT THE 
PLAYA** REY 

YOUR HOME AWAY FROM HOME 
Included in this special price: 
I Intel rooms, city tour in 
Guadalajara, bay tour in Macadam 

IN BOTH HOTELS: 
Full breakfast, welcome cocktail of your choice and night club cover. 
Two children under lh free of charge 
(room only) same room as parents. 
Ask your travel agent. ()r call 
Mexicanaat Bun 121*83o1 toll-free or send coupon for more information. 
Valid thru Dec. 14, 1o77 

Mexicans Airlines. 131 N. Si. Mary’s, 
San Antonio, Texas 782o,3 
Pin me; 512 225-6387 

Address 
......... 
— 

C liv_____________________________ _______ __________ 

Stale Zip . . ___ .. 
PIV mf -___ ________ 

Travel A g e n t ................................... 
TOUR COOK. I I VMM MI HIM 

I n 

 m e x i c a n s r n 
Hie Airline Most People Fly to Mexico. 

Express-News W ant Ads 225-1666 

Excellent 
Investment -ss™ 
Opportunity 

D rpartn H 'iit o f M o ilin g and U rb an D evelopm ent invite* 

 bitts on the follo w in g p ro p e rtie s 

Wolters Village, 
Mineral Wells, Texas 

MINIMUM PRICE: $ 8 8 1 ,o o o 
TERMS: 
A I! Canli Net to HUD 
REQUIRED DEPOSIT: $1o ,o o o with Bid; Balance al 
Closing 

Consists of 274 one-storv buildings containing 47D units plus an acces­ sory building located at 212 Davidson Street. 

,-n-rr- . mmmmmmmmmrnimmmmmmmmmmmmmmm— m m m ** 
^ "" 1 r-'-'-r, 
,..................... ’ -...- 
■' 
'm.■ 
L-I", 
' 
1 , 1 1 "n_ 
" 
1 
^ 
Bayou Royale 
Mobile Home Park, 
Houston, Texas 

MINIMUM PRICE: No Stated Minimum 
TERMS: All Cash Net to HUD 
REQUIRED DEPOSIT: 5% of Offering Price with Bid; 
Balance at Closing 

Consists of 246 mobile home sites, plus an accessory building and swim­ ming pool located at (>6o Maxey Road. 

I 

 a d d i t i o n a l m u l t i f a m i l y 
P R O P E R T IE S ARE O F F E R E D . A mailing list is maintained for investor*, having a nationwide interest strictly in 
Multifamily Properties. As soon as a property becomes available, the Prospec­ tus is automatically mailed to you. To have your name placed on this mailing list, write on your letterhead to the ad­ dress shown below. 

O B T A IN P R O S P E C T U S FOR A D D I­ 
T IO N A L 
IN F O R M A T IO N . 
All bids must conform to prospectus issued by the 
Department. Mail coupon for prospectus. 

.SEALED B ID S W ILL B E R E C E IV ED 
AND PU BLIC LY O P E N E D AT 1 1 :o o 
A.M . LOCAL T IM E JU LY 6, 1 9 7 7 , 
AT 
A D D R E S S 
SH O W N 
BELO W . 

The Purchaser must provide for pay­ ment of the full purchase price in cash. mm 
ISSI fifF IKM WM iff*' s y w;m fggig ■ ■ WWk filii &lf ISIS 
UwNgP 
B 
Mail this coupon today to obtain prospectus 

"W W 
W 
T W 
V 
Send me immediately without obligation a 
Prospectus for i HUD 

 i i\ 

D E P A R T M E N T O F 
H O U SIN G A N D 
URBAN D E V E L O P M E N T 

Office of Property Disposition 
Housing 
Room 9282 
151 7th Street. S.W, 
W ashington, D.C. 2o41o 

I Name of Property I 

N am e... 

A ddress. t=J’ 

EQUAL HOUSING 
OPPORTUNITY 

 r t 

Passport boom begins 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW VORK — With visions of dis­ tant paradises dancing in their heads and chiefly with woeful looking photo­ graphs clutched in their hands, nearly 
3 million Americans will turn to the 
Stale Department this year to apply for passports. 
Apparently buoyed by signs of a resurgent economy and lured by an extensive array of low-cost charter flights set out before them by scheduled airlines, prospective overseas travelers are applying for passports at a rate 2o per cent higher than last year’s and in numbers ex­ pected to be the greatest since HIT:} 
The State Department, which has been responsible for issuing passports since the days when it was known as tile Department of Foreign Affairs 
(1781-178o), expects to issue 2,885.oo11 this year and 3,115,ooo i ii 1978. 
Mostly pleasure 
According to the latest edition of the 
Statistical Abstract of the United 
States, the national data book issued by the Bureau of the Census, more 
Americans obtain passports for use in 

 travel for pleasure than for any other reason. 
The latest available statistics — for 

1975 _ show that of the 2.3 million 
Americans who sought passports, more than 1.3 million intended to use them for pleasure travel, and, of all applicants, most intended to go to 
Europe. 
Travel for pleasure was followed distantly by travel for “ personal rea­ sons’’ such as \isiting relatives or ac­ companying a husband (376.ooo peo­ ple): by travel for business (273.(MKI) arid for educational religious, health and other reasons, 
No specifics 
But no specific travel plans are ne­ cessary to persuade the State Depart­ ment to issue a passport, which is valid for five years. All that is necessary is 
$13. a couple of photographs and the proper identification. 
Time was when applying for a pass­ port gave rise to tales of long ordeals on long lines, but in recent years the passport office has bent its efforts toward making the application process easier. 

Express- 
News 

- | "i n ii ii i ii mr 

P V 
I 
I 
I ravel 
Sunday June 5 1977 

Many post offices now take applica­ tions. 
Probably more laments have been keened over passport pictures (by the subjects) and more laughter directed at them (by the subjects' friends and relatives) than over or at any other category of the photographic art. 
Well, if you’ve ever been keened or been hooted at. you can thank William 
Jennings Bryan. We don't have the old silver tongued orator to kick around anymore, but he was responsible. 
Requirements 

On Dec. 21. 1914. while he was se­ cretary of state. Bryan issued the order requiring the photos. On Feb. I. 
1958. the United States became the 

 vacation values from 
American Express 

Plus our experience 

 and integrity are with you all the way. 

IBERIAN HOLIDAY 

17 DAYS 
FROM SI 186 TO S1423 

INCLUDING AIR FARE 

Spain/Morocco/Portugal 

For Wore information 
Come in or Call 

BENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. 

North Star Moll 
349-2761 
Trinity University 
736-7211 
Windsor Pork Moll 
654-6311 

Mexico now bargain land 

Representative 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS MEWS 

“ Ganga” is the Spanish word meaning “ bargain.” These days it describes Mexico quite well. 
Mexico is one of the few vacation destinations where travelers will find prices lower this year than last year. 
The peso has been devalued. 
Technically, it “ floats.’’ Its worth compared to the dollar may vary slightly from day to day, depending un supply and demand. 
What it means in practical terms is that tourists currently get nearly twice us many pesos for their dollars as they did last year. 
That does not mean dollars go twice as far as they did in 
1978. The dollar goes further, but not that far. Inflation bus taken its cut. 
Savings 
Still, the savings is there. 
The price for a popular tour from Mexico to Acapulco with an overnight stay in Taxed is about $85. Last year it cost $72. 
A double room ut a pleasant botel on Mexico City’s Reforma 
Boulevard costs as little us 
$13.8o a night. Prices for pack­ ages. three days and two nights at leading beach resorts, are down by $12 a person. 
As a result of the peso deva­ luation, Mexico City is now the home of the nickle subway ride and the quarter shoeshine. Taxi rides seldom cost more than a dollar. 
Iii the provinces, prices are even more attractive. Two dol­ lars will buy a complete meal rn any of several restaurants in 
San Miguel de Allende, a fa­ vorite town to visit in the co­ lonial highlands. 
For less than $29 stateroom 

 passage can be purchased on the ferry making the overnight crossing from Mazatlan to La 
Paz, Baja, Calif. 
Travelers can also look for­ ward to spending less in the stores. Everyone enjoys buy­ ing in Mexico and now it’s more fun than ever. 
Caution 

First, a quick word of cau­ tion. Imported items are not bargains; they are usually very expensive. Even here, how­ ever, there is an exception to the rule. Baja California and 
Quintana Roo (the state where 
( anam and Cozumel are locat­ ed) are duty free areas with good buys in perfumes, haber­ dashery and European items such as signature scarves. 
Gold coins should be avoided, even those included in jewelry. 
Mexican law prohibits the ex­ portation of gold coins. While it’s unlikely any tourist would run into trouble for try ing to take a gold coin home with him, it has been known to hap­ pen. Penalties can be stiff. 

 first country to accept color photos for passport use. 

Now you can have your choice of co­ lor or black and white, but there is no choice about some of the other re­ quirements. The Passport Office re­ quires two identical photos taken within the past six months. They may he no smaller than 2uj by 2*2 inches nor larger than 3 by 3. 

Vending machine photographs and instant photos of the type usually called Polaroids are unacceptable. The subject must pose full face, and the 
Passport Agency suggests that the best way to confront the ordeal is to “ relax and smile.” 
People who are going to need v isas 
(a list of visa requirements is available from Passport Agency offices) will probably need more than two photo­ graphs. 
Nowadays, it is possible to obtain a single passport for the whole family, but it is worth knowing that families that go away together don’t always stay together. 
Applicants must produce an original birth certificate or a certified copy carrying a seal of authenticity. 
Also necessary is some identifica­ tion. such as driver’s license, that carries at least a rudimentary physical description of the applicant. Natura­ lized citizens must produce naturali­ zation certificates. 
Minors and others without proper identification must be accompanied by someone who can vouch for them. 
Individuals who have had a passport and are seeking a new one after the expiration of the old need only to send the proper application by mail along with the expired passport, two photo­ graphs signed as directed and $11). 
For other applicants, the fee is $13, which includes a $3 in person service fee. 

Monterrey Cathedral 

LOCATED in the heart of Monterrey is the massive and ornate 
Monterrey Cathedral, still the center of much of the city's life despite mushrooming industry. The plaza in front is crowded with leisurely strollers during summer evenings. 
Barbados goes wild after taming o f cane 

Risky 

Also risky is buying something to be shipped home separately. Such goods may fail to arrive. In such cases, a complaint to the Tourism Min­ istry w ill usually produce re­ sults, but in the meantime let­ ters must be written, copies of paid bills produced and so on. 
It is scarcely worth the ef­ fort. Most sellers, it should be emphasized, are honest, but when considering sending home an item separately it’s a good idea to check the store’s reputation. 
The local Tourism Ministry office is a good place to ask. 

COMPILED PROM THE EDITOR $ MAIL 
BARBADOS - The biggest national event here is a real sweet and sour affair. 
A month-long festival celebrates the end of the sugar cane harvest. The climax is the burning of the plantation overseer, Mr. Harding — in effigy, of course. 
It began in the 16o11s when sugar cane was king and is called the June 
Crop Over Festival. 
Mr. Harding, the ruthless plantation overseer and symbol of hard times, gets his just reward every year. 
Entertainment must have been hard to find in the old days. This year’s festival features many of the same events, such as: Climbing the greasy pole; catching the greasy pig; stick licking; the donkey-dance, and air dis­ plays along with traditional folk dune- 

GUADALAJARA $ 
4 days/3 nights, from 
MEXICO CITY s 
5 days/4 nights, from 
S 3 
7o 

 per pt-rsnn. double occupancy. 
Flus airfare 

 per person, double occupancy. 
Flus airfare 

 lf you ve been wanting to g a out of town tor a few days. we've got some good news for you. W ith our in n edible tour prices, you can get all the way out of the country. And into Guadalajara. Or Mexico City. hatha way. we ll give you a sensational hotel, free round trip transfers between your hotel and the airport, welcome cocktails, and lots more. No doubt about it: these are tile best tours going. So see your travel agent. Send this coupon. Or call 8oo-421-83o1, toll-free, for reservations. And get going yourself. 

Mexicana Airlines. 431 St. Mary's, San Antonio, T X 782o5 

I d like to get going myself. Send me more information about your tours. 

D To Guadalajara l o c k c o o k i i h m x i m m w , 
Q To Mexico City lo t k c o n t i t h .m x i m v -vc 

Name. 
.Addrt 

Lits 
.State Zip 

M\ travel agent I- 

Flume 

Fly Mexicana to Mexico. For the best tours going. SAE 65 

The airiine most people fly to Mexico. 

Bond sale due for civic center 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

CORPUS CHRISTI — The city council here is scheduled to sell $8 million worth of bonds for a civic center in the Bayfront Science Park on June 15. 

The occasion, long delayed by litigation and confusion over split votes on the bond issue, will open the way for Corpus Christi to attract national conventions of 5,o1)o or more delegates. 

Bookings 

Its success seems assured: May 6-11, 1981, have been booked for that year’s convention of the Texas 
Dental Assn., with 5,ooo delegates listed. 

Most of the new center’s conventions are booked from one to four years in advance. 

The new assembly hall at the bayfront La Quinta 
Royale, which seats I .OOO, has been booked solid since it opened last March. Many of the larger conventions require extensive exhibit space, which the new civic facility will supply. 

Construction is scheduled to begin by March 1978, with completion two years later. 

Best beach by far! 

Enjoy the sun, surf and sand of the beaches Texas Monthly calls "the best by far rn the State ” Fine clubs, great restaurants and a variety of accommodations .. only minutes from Mexico 
Youth 
Padre bland 

For free brochure, write: Tourist Bureau. Dept. IN 15 
P O Box 2o95, South Padre Island, TX 78578 

VI FA ICO 
MATAMOROS 

M UM E.KHET 

 ing and singing plus drama and con­ certs. 
The old-time Crop Over Festivals began on the last day of the reaping of the sugar cane crop. The workers de­ corated themselves w itll bright flowers and ribbons and sang their way to the mills. 
The slaves then celebrated by danc­ ing to the beat of a Tuk Band, which included a bass drum, kettle drum, flute and improvised instruments. 
What did they do between harvest and planting? They must have spent tiieir time recuperating. 
And flies come with the m eal 
Vacationers are seeking escape from routine mealtime surroundings with the growing number of outdoor dining establishments, editors of the Mobil 
City Vacation & Business Guide re­ port. 
For instance, there’s terrace dining in San Antonio, Omaha and Tampa, porch dining in Houston, patio dining in San Diego and Louisville, garden dining in San Francisco arid tropical garden dining in Washington, D.C. 
For those who want their cake and eat too — without flies — outdoor dining in an indoor setting is gaining ground. New York City and Atlanta, 
Ga., offer indoor “ garden dinning.’’ 

The bite o ver w h eel's teeth 

LAHAINA, Hawaii — Selling whale’s teeth in Hawaii can be hazardous to your legal health. Don't believe it? 
U.S. Custom’s officers recently ar­ rested a Miami, Fla., man and seized 
48 whale’s teeth valued at $1,ooo when they observed him attempting to sell the teeth at a shop in Lahaina, 
Maui, according to the American Au­ tomobile Assn. 
The man was charged with viola­ tions of the Endangered Species Act of 
1973. 
Look a t her foundation 

GALVESTON — Don’t expect to see scantily clad, beautiful women strut­ ting on stage during the first Miss 
Historic Building Beauty Contest. 
Miss Historic Building’s age, shape and condition will be the basis for judging, but the candidates must be at least 75 and preferable more than IOO years old. 
The entrants aren't old ladies; they actually are buildings. 
The Galveston County Cultural Arts 
Council is sponsoringthe pageant during the Sixth Annual Festival On The 
Strand June 18. 
The runner-up will be Miss Run 
Down. The building will be judged for being recycled and renovated with integrity. 

Greatest hog caller goes cruisin’ 
NEW YORK — Holland America 
Cruises has booked “ Piute Pete’’ 
(billed as the greatest hog caller east of the Rockies) to perform as a square 

High flyers 

T H IS man is not having his legs stretched. Actually, he’s swinging the other from a trapeze above a street in 
Cape Town, South Africa, during the 
“ Tavern of the Seas" festival. That was the town’s nickname after it was found­ ed in 1652 by the Dutch East India Co. 

 dance caller on a special seven-day 
Country/Western cruise of the S.S. 
Rotterdam, departing from New York 
Oct. 8 for Nassau and Bermuda. 

Other acts include the Hank 
Thompson Show, Hank Williams Jr. 
Show, Kitty Wells Show with Johnny 
Wright, Connie Cato and Jerry Wal­ lace. 

Cars, clubs and w h a t else? 

TALLAHASSE, Fla. — So your’re vacationing in Florida but you’re homesick for the old golf course. Well, your trip still can be under par. 

Avis Rent-a-Car is offering profes­ sional line golf club rentals in Miami, 
West Palm Beach, Fort Lauderdale, 
Orlando and Tampa. 
Travel agents reserve a set of clubs at the same time they reserve an Avis car. Just remember to bring your shoes. 

SRfCIAt TO THI EXPRESS NEWS 
MIDLAND — That long stretch of mesquite and flatlands between Fort 
Worth and El Paso on Interstate 2o has a surprise at the midpoint: A journey into the past. 
The Permian Basin Petroleum Mu­ seum on the Hwy. 349 exit presents the traveler with sophisticated Disney* type exhibits, some first-class art and colorful decor. 
Since former President Gerald R. 
Ford opened it in 1975, visitors from all states and 7o nations have pushed its buttons, pumped its levers and hoard its tapes tell how oil came into being. 
The world’s largest marine diorama shows how the ocean looked 33o million years ago when it covered Texas. The artificial ocean has 2oo,ooo plants and creatures growing on reefs and is 4o feet deep. 
Another display shows how early 

WORLD’S largest m arine dioram a shows sea over Texas as it was 2 3 o million years ago 

Texas is third in travel cash 

 wells were drilled while the crash of a eable-tool bit is heard behind. 
One wing displays historical paintings of events ii] West Texas history. 
On the museum grounds is the lar­ gest collection of antique drilling equipment anywhere, some of which is in motion. The Santa Rita No. 2, with its big wooden derrick, was moved to the museum from Texon, SO miles away, and serves as a landmark. 
The museum is non-profit and sup­ ports itself partly through admission fees: $1 for adults, $.5o for children ll and under, with pre-schoolers free. 
Hours are 9 a.rn to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday and 2 to 5 p.m. 
Sunday 
Allow about two hours for a leisurely walk-through or four hours to hear all tapes and study all exhibits. 

WHEN YOU TRAVEL 
CALL 

ALICE PLETZ, certified travel counselor 

IN D IV ID U A L -B U S IN E S S O R PLEASURE 

G R O U P S — U .S .A . — W O R L D W ID E 

146 CENTURY BUILDING 

8 4 N .E . L O O P 4 1 o 

T E L E P H O N E ( 5 1 2 ) 3 4 2 - 5 2 4 1 

Wciv American Airlines. Doing what we do best. 

S.A. to 
Laredo train will run daily 

SPECIAL TO THt EXPRESS NEW5 
CHICAGO — Amtrak will offer its first daily service from Chicago to 
Laredo via San Antonio beginning in mid-June. 
Previously, the train ran three times a week. 
Effective June ID. trains operate daily southbound from Chicago, and daily northbound from Laredo on June 
17. 
The Inter-American serves three state capitals on its 2,332-mile run: 
Springfield, IIL, Little Rock, Ark., and 
Austin. It stops in Fort Worth and 
Dallas, then Austin, before going to 
San Antonio and Laredo. 
At Nuevo Laredo, travelers may board the National Railways of Mexico 
Aztec Eagle, which offers a daily service to Monterrey and Mexico City. 
Amtrak can arrange reservations on the Aztec Eagle. There is a charter taxi service between the Amtrak Laredo terminal and the Mexican rail station. 
No guarantee 
Amtrak says it cannot guarantee same-day connection with the Mexican trains. Departure time of the Aztec 
Eagle has been moved closer to arrival of the Amtrak Inter-American, but be­ cause of operational diffuculties. there are frequent late arrivals at Laredo and Nuevo Laredo, according to Am­ trak. 
Amtrak’s “ Rediscovery of America” tour this year includes tours of Mexico which begin and end in Laredo. 
O perated by Sanborn W holesale tours, one is a nine-day independent program which includes Mexico City, 
Taxco and Cuernavaca starting at $21o a person, double occupancy. 
Another tour 
Another tour is for four days in 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1 9 7 7 

Museum tells about oil in Texas 

EASTERN ODYSSEY TOUR 

Fo r Details and Reservations Calf 

J ) 
CY, r J ll V U C H 
T R A V E L A G E N C Y I N C 

8 1 o / Broad w ay 
( 5 1 2 l8 2 8 b 3 1 1 ban A n to n io , Texas 

16 Days - September 1, 19/7 
$ 2 ,2 4 4 5o all inclusive fro m 
San A nto n io , excluding visa fees, one dinner and three luncheons. 

Esco rte d tjy M rs E m ily LVesf 

VISITIN G 

Helsink i 
Moscow 
Budapest 

Leningrad 
Warsaw 
Vienna 

Monterrey and Saltillo, beginning at 
$98 each, double occupancy. 
All tours from Laredo include first- class rail and bus service within Mex­ ico. hotels and sightseeing, plus some entertainment and meals. 
Amtrak’s other Mexico tour is via the New Orleans-Los Angeles Sunset 
Limited to El Paso, where it crosses Hie border to Ciudad Juarez to board El 
Fronterizo to Chihuahua, Aguasca- lientes and Mexico City. 
Another Amtrak-Sanborn tour can be booked from El Paso to M exico’s sp e c tac u la r Copper Canyon. This eight-day, escorted tour starts at $186, double occupancy. 
Details on Amtrak services and tours are available from full-service travel agents or from Amtrak reservathol­ ists. 

SPECIAl TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
WASHINGTON — Texas places third in terms of receiving traveler’s money, according to a report by the United 
States Travel Data Center. 
In 1975, tin* most recent year for which complete figures are available, travelers spent $5.3 billion in the Lone 
Star State. 
California was first with $9.5 billion hi second place was Florida, which earned $7.2 billion from tourism. 
Receiving the fewest travel dollars was Rhode Island, with $53 million. 
The total spent by travelers in the 5o states and the commonwealths in 1975 was $89.7 billion. 
The money went for travel consisting of at least one night away from home or a day trip to a spot IOO miles or more from home. 
Airlines switch to size system 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK - The weight of baggage carried by Am ericans flying overseas is going to be less of a burden. 
Most international airlin es have agreed to implement from June I a checked baggage allowance system based on the size of a passenger’s lug­ gage. 
Restrictions on dimensions, rather than weight, have been the governing factor on American domestic flights for years. 
The reason: On today’s jet planes the weight of the cargo is jess of a problem than the space it occupies. The effect of the new regulations, international airline officials estimate, will be to increase the amount of belongings a passenger can take along free by about 
2o per cent. 
Weight system 

Some countries, however, including the South American nations and Mexi­ co, will continue to apply the weight system: 44 pounds per person in econ­ omy class and 66 pounds in first class. 
F’or some time the United States Ci­ vil Aeronautics Board has been urging the International Air Transport Assn., which represents about 8o airlines, to make the switch. 
The new allowance per passenger in economy class is: Two free checked pieces with length, width and depth dimensions totalling up to 1o6 inches, neither bag to exceed 62 inches. 
In addition the passenger can take aboard a carry-on bag with total di­ mensions up to 45 inches (except where underseat space req u ire s a smaller size). 
Based on standard bag sizes, the 
1o6-inch total will permit both a 24-inch-long and a 37-inch pull­ 

 man case in women’s luggage or a man’s two-suit bag and a three-suiter. 
First-class size 

The first-class passenger will be allowed two bags not exceeding di­ mensions of 62 inches each (tor a total of 124 inches), plus a carry-on item of 
45 inches. 
The CAB has also approved, and the airlines have settled on, a system of excess baggage charge lev ied on a per-piece basis instead of weight. 
Flat dollar amounts will be charged, depending on the destination. Some examples: New York to London, $3o per excess piece: Western Europe, $4o to $5o; Middle East $6o-$75; West Coast to Tokyo, $55; Southw est Pacific, 
$6o-$7o; India, $9o. 
Both the free and checked baggage regulations will apply to travel between non-American countries as well as to flights to and from the Unit­ ed States. Countries that have not signed the agreement, in addition to the South American countries and 
Mexico, are Spain, Poland, Czechoslo­ vakia, Yugoslavia, Iran, Nigeria, The 
Philippines and Pakistan. 
Within U.S. 
For the record, the bagg ag e a l­ lowance on flights within the United 
States (in both economy and first class) is two checked bags, one with dimensions of up to 62 inches, the other up to 45 inches, as long as none of the bags exceeds 7o pounds. The same li­ mit applies to flights between this country and Canada. 
Starting June I, Trans World Air­ lines increased its domestic excess baggages charges by $1 to $6 for a normal size bag and from $1o to $12 for an oversize piece. American Airlines will make similar hikes from June 15. 

\ 

T h e 
"American 
Experienc 
Fly/Drive 

Fly to California on Am erica’s No. I airline. Pick up your carat any American 
Airlines city when you arrive. Spend the next 
7 days driving where and when you want to 
... and the next 6 nights staying at comfortable hotels ail over the state. 
When you're ready to go home, just 
> drop your car od in the city where you catch your American flight back. 
That’s American Airlines’ 
Fly-Drive Vacation Package— the lowest cost and most flexible 
Fly-Drivc available. And the only one that offers both sightseeing and dining opt ions. 
American's Fly-Di ive is perfect for people who would like to discover California on their own, at their own pace. 
It's also a great idea for families w ho would normally make the trip in their own car. Consider this: To take four people to California by car, it would cost approximately $ I OO per day for food, 
^ lodging, gas and extras. Plus all the vacation time you lose by driving. Not to 
^ mention the wear and tear on everybody. 
When you add it all up, we think you'll find 
— that your family can save valuable vacation days and dollars with an American Fly-Drive Vacation Package. For details, call American or your Travel Agent. Saving you money is one of the things we do best 

* $3o.VO per day (fcir up to 4 people). Includes a cco m ­ m odations at H o w ard Joh nson M oto r Lodges o r Q uality 
Inns plus a D ollar R en t-A -C ar ( Pinto or e q u a lJ w itll unlim ited mileage (gas and taxes extra). A ir fare not included. 

* * $ 2 7.9 o per day (for 2 people). Includes ac c o m m o d a ­ tions at Best W estern Hotels. Sam e deal on Dollar Rent-A-C ar. 
A ir fare not included. R ates for both packages based on 
7 d a y s /6 nights. (A t som e hotels th ere’s a surcharge.) 

W ""' 
_ 
• 

American is the No. I choice for domestic travel. 
First the Airline Passengers Association surveyed its frequent-flying members. Then the Opinion 
Research Corporation surveyed middle and 

\ 

Vacation- 
Family Style 

 p erd ay1 
$3o.9o 
Couples Style 

 top management executives, hi both cases, more people preferred American than any other U.S. airline. We think it’s because of 36 thousand courteous, x efficient American employees. 
\ 
A nd one of them is Stun 
'. 
Warren, baggage service 
\ agent here in San 
A titania. 

 per d a y 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday June 5 1977 
Iiiightes 
Mexico it 
» 

By John Abney 
A ztecs9 best friend and lunch 

In ancient times, a 
“ manbites 
* dog” story would not have picked ui> a short paragraph in the Az­ tec Monthly Gazette. 
Because dog was one of the main events at lunch. 
The* Indians raised a pooch named the 
Xoloitzcuintli, which was the fillet mignon and pork roast of those times. 
There are few around 
Mexico today hut they are strictly show pieces. 
The 
Xoloitzcuintli looks something like a whippet with a close shave and he did his hit for history. This is the true hairless. A canine with a body temperature of 1o5 degrees F. to com­ pensate for his lack of attire. 
What s iii a name 
Historians inform us that the name Xoloitz- cuintli translates to 
(deep breath please) “ ho 
• who - snatches - his • food - witll - sharp - obsi­ dianlike • teeth - and - who - is - the - represen­ tative - of - I lie - god - 
Xolol I “ 
U itll a name like that. tilt1 beast deserves a monument. lf this is any indication of things iii 
Uh' pre-Concjuest period, the 
Indians must lune had a terrific menu. 
A war lord would come home on tilt' 5:3o bus, hang his spear and shield iii the liv ifig room and immediately be em­ braced by his wife. 
“ How were things at the office today, Cohuan- ococh d arlin g ?" she would ask. ((’ohuanoeoeli 
I casula I es roughly to 
“ when - I'm • not - iii • the 
- mood - don't - mess ar­ ound Very roughly) 
"R o u tin e ," said the war lord. “ We conquered 

 a Couple of tribes over by the lake and built a pyr­ amid. 
W h ats for supper?" 
"Y o u r special," the wife would say happily. 
"Sn ak e soup, parrot feather salad, roast Xo­ loitzcuintli with yams and pickled ants in cho­ colate sauce for dessert." 
The war lord would crush his wife in his arms, kiss her madly and say, “ Love, I better take out more life insurance for you. I ll kill myself eating such a gorgeous banquet." 
The men of letters tell us this hairless canine's true Hot Dog qualities gave him exceptional therapeutic powers. So­ mething like a hot water bottle for the whole fa­ mily. 
Thus we would have the Indian gentleman shuffling home after an evening of Five Card 
Stud. looking like a piece of torn-up flannel. 
"W h a t’s the matter with you, Wesley?" his w ife would ask. 
Come over, Hover 
“ Aw. I feel like I just got sacrificed." he would answer. "Must be com­ ing down with a Common 
Cold." 
“ Then get in the ham­ mock and 
F II call 
Rover," the wile would say. “ He has been sleep­ ing across Aunt ( biali s knees ever since her rheumatism got bad." 
So the man would fall 

 i i i his hammock and as soon as Rover cuddled up next to him. The Cure was underway. As if tie­ ing Hie Fam ily Healer and Main Course for din­ ner wasn't enough, tile 
Xoloitzcuintli also played a highly important role 

 i i i affairs of the Other 
World. Briefly, he led souls of the Dear Depart­ ed to the god Xolotl. w ho ran the Indian Heaven iii those days. 

G rand hotel began lavishly 

BOWNES-ON-VV IN- 
D ERM ER 
England 
—In the Splendid Se­ venties, the grandest mansion in 
Eng­ land’s Lake Country was Belfield, home of II.VV. Schneider, 
Esq. 
His money came from shipping 
— and later arma­ ments. 
Those were days of peace and prosperity. 
(Building notes show his skilled workmen were paid 24 pence a day. And there were no income taxes to plaque an indus­ trial giant.) 
Each morning. Mr. 
Schneider came down 
Belsfield's ornate stairs. 
I never saw his picture. 
But I see him as a portly, no-nonsense man with a dignified moustache. 
He crossed the great barbered lawn that reaches a hundred yards down to Lake Winder- mer. 
Preceding him was a corps of butlers each carrying a covered silver tray. There he boarded his 75-foot motor vessel. 
Breakfasted lavishly in the paneled cabin on plovers’ eggs, Scottish gammon and grilled kid­ neys. 
Un the other side of the lake, he mounted his pri­ vate train. Rode 25 miles to the great Vickers shipbuilding yards. In the afternoon, he came home the same way. 
Schneider lived well and died rich and re­ spected. Felsfield — (its ceilings ornamented by 

 imported Italians) — was sold for a hotel. 
"W e are fully booked for the season," says a 
London hotel man. (A friend of mine so I know lie’s not jiving me.) 
("G ood 
Americans when they die go to Par­ is." Was a clever saying once.) 
"T h is year London’s the first choice.” said the hotel man. "Paris? Too expensive. 
Rome? Too much Italian tempera­ ment. A strike a day." 
The dollar-to-pound ra­ tio is enticing. 
"A sweater from a West End boutique was $24 a year ago. Goes now for SIH." 
I head for the country­ side in England’s sum­ mers. 
Splendid book that fits your breast pocket: 
"Com m eiided Country 
Hotels, Guest Houses and 
Restaurants," 
$1.25. 
Write GUS Inc., Box 515, 
Allwood Station, Clifton, 
N.J. o7o12. (Ask for their complete list of publica­ tions, too. Maps. Guides. 
Fishing. Walking.) 
The Lake Country is 4o miles from the Scottish border. Popular with the 
English. Not so well know n to Americans. 
It’s hilly country. Nor­ wegian pines. Slate hill­ sides. Splendid little vil­ lages. Tiny hotels with low beam ceilings. Many 
"bed and breakfast" farmhouses. 
A halt of a hundred lit­ tle m irror lakes are spilled on the land. You can hire shaggy “ fell" ponies, a picnic lunch and trot up to Roman forts that guarded the passes. 

OUR MOST POPULAR, BEST SELLING HOME 
FURNISHING ITEMS AT LOW, LOW PRICES 

Great value! 5-pc. traditional style Armstrong bedroom suite 

Beautiful pecan color finish set consists of full or queen size headboard, 
5 -drawer chest and triple dresser with twin framed mirrors. 
Drawers are large. Smooth vinyl wrapped in­ teriors give extra protection to clothes - even delicate things won’t snag. Construction is of solid hardwoods and wood products. Certain decorative parts and carved effects are of simulated wood. 
Night stand optional at 
$79.88. 

5-Pc. Suite 
$ the Preferred Collection 

Furniture from Armstrong 
39988 

5-pc. set 

Save 11 oo.o21 Modern/Transitional sofa and loveseat by famous Howard Parlor 

Enjoy this dramatic new design from Howard Parlor by sinking into its’ comfortable cushions first and, secondly, note how eye-pleasing the style is. The sofa is a whop­ ping 9 3 ” long and the loveseat is 6 8 ” , providing lots of extra seating accommodation. Both pieces feature loose pillow back and seat cushions, arm bolsters and deep seating comfort all in a practical, durable geometric woven fabric in shades of sand pastel. 

Reg. $999.9o 
$899 
88 

Keepsakes hardwood dining room set with oak veneer 

’ ’g o ld e n r o d * 
A. B u ffe t reg. $339.95 ea....................$ 2 9 
9 
8a8 

 hues make this collection 
$9oo88 

 reminiscent of the past yet 
D. C h in a reg. $339.88 e a .......................4 7 7 ea. 

 with an eye to the present 
* 
. 
. ^ and future. Recreated for con- 
Q 
4 3 .. Ro(Jnd ta b |e 
$ 5 )9 .9 5 . . 449 

 temporary living with the 

 handwork, care an d attention r x c 
- 
J 
L 
* a- 
$ O Q 8 8 to detail you associate with 
Old© ch air reg. $1o9.95 ea................O 7 ea. 

 an earlier era. 
Solid oak or 
$ o o 8 8 

 ash with oak veneers. 
E. A rm ch air reg. $ 1 19.95 ea................... 
W e a 
. 

 ll 

Our exclusive Stearns & Foster 

‘‘Cordova’’ mattresses, box springs 

N o w ’s the time to take advantage o f these exciting bedding sav­ 

 ings on some o f the finest bedding y o u ’ll ever sleep on. Each piece 

 is quality constructed with hundreds o f heavy g auge steel coils 

 cushioned in layers of cotton felt over Marvelux®' foam cushion- 

 covered with a g old floral print on a white background. Com e see 

 this exclusive bedding at Karotkin’s. 
$ C o 8 8 

▼ ea. pc. 

FULL SIZE, ea. pc., reg. $99.95 . . ............‘79“ „ 

Q U EEN SIZE, 2-pc. set, reg. $269.95. . . ‘ 2 
1 
9 
“ 

K IN G SIZE, 3-pc. set, reg. $339.95 . 
‘279 

TW IN SIZE 

Reg. $79.95 ea. pc. 

 set 

88 set 

KAROTKIN’S IS YOUR FULL SERVICE HOM E FURN ISH IN GS STORE 

Expert interior design service at no additional charge • 
Our own convenient credit as well as Master Charge- 

 and V IS A ” (BankAmerciard*) • Delivery and set-up at no extra charge. Plenty of free parking • Great selection of 

 famous brand merchandise competitively priced. arotkin’s 

B ro a d w a y 
9 8 o 3 B ro a d w a y 

8 2 4 -9 4 o 2 

Optn 1o-9 Won., Thorn., Tri. 

Optn 1o-6 Tuts, Wtd, Sol. 

D o w n to w n 

23 I E. C o m m e rce 

2 2 7 -6 3 6 1 

Optn 1o-6 Mon. thru Sot. 

 txttpf Thurs. Nile till 9:oo 

Big M City 

S. N e w B raunfels & 

(^ f- Southrons S34 -6 1 81 

Optn 1o-6 Tuts., Wtd., Sot, 

Optn 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., fri. 

N o rth Star 

Son Ptdro ft Loop 41o 
3 4 2 -2 3 3 1 

Optn 1o-9 Mon, Thurs., Fri. 

Optn 1o-6 Tuts., Wtd., Sat. 
J 

Ring my love with diamonds 

Story so far 

Mixing business with pie (isure. private eye Duke 
Rhoades enlists the tender, loving help of pert and sassy jewelry-store clerk 
Libby f ranklin in piecing together a portrait of her fellow icorker. 
Anne 
Farley— a prim paragon of virtue who disappeared from sight along aith 32 blue-u flite diamonds from the stores safe. It the theory of the store's owner, 
J. I rev or I ameer, a mo­ dishly dressed man devoted to th e car of his invalid wife, that the heist aas a crime of passion, that pos­ sibley lane Farley ans the victim of a love turned to blackmail. Following an old trail. Duke bairns that before the theft Anne Far­ ley had bought tiro round- trip tickets from Atlanta to 
Cancan. Mexico. 

By JOHN I). MacDONALD 

/ r n a h ()u r ’s 
/ s i deuy, it 
JBL spent waiting in line with the other birds, my Mexicans flight number 
3o8 took off into the flat silver light of a rainy day in 
Miami. It was a 727, and the pilot yanked it up quickly, turning takeoff into an irri­ table and impatient ges­ ture. It was a single-class flight, less than half full in this May off-season. 
The flight attendants were slim, tense and limber 

—"oppressed by their obli- gation to serve everyone a hot meal during the hour-and-15-minute flight. I wondered how they could possibly manage it during the three months when their flights would be full. 
I had gone to Miami almost empty-handed and spent some money in the airport shops ac­ quiring a tourist costume com­ posed of a lightweight chino leisure suit with twice as many pockets as necessary, a white denim hat w ith big grass grom­ mets around the ventilation holes, a couple of rainbow-co­ lored rayon shirts, big blue 

Third in a series 

 shades, sandals and a brand- new, shiny, cheap flight bag ad­ vertising the Orient Express. 
And I smiled a lot. This is called professional invisibility. 
Indians wearing buffalo skins used to be able to sidle right into the herd and select their dinner. 
Dusk was beginning to catch up with us w hen we landed. The concrete apron had stored sun heat all day and ra­ diated it back up at us as we filed into the modern little airport building, into air conditioning from the steaming heat outside. 
All the tourists were sorted out by hotels; and after the usual confusions of luggage, we were taken off in blue- and-white vans. I was loaded in with a shy, silent woman and a stately old 
W atergate: It w asn’t the first 

By VICTOR LASKY 

WASHINGTON — Some day when the passions aroused by 
Watergate begin to subside — as perhaps they have already be­ gun to do — objective historians may well ask themselves just what all the furor was about. 

Precisely what is Richard .Nixon ac­ cused of doing, if he actually did it. that his predecessors didn t do many times over? The break-in and wiretap­ ping at the W atergate? Ju st how different was that from the bugging of 
Barry Goldwater’s apartment during the 1964 presidential campaign? 
Granted that two wrongs don't make a right; but in law and politics, two wrongs can make a respectable prece­ dent. And. despite its well-publicized excesses. Watergate had numerous, though less-publicized, precedents in pre\ ions administrations. 
Tapping of phones under Nixon? A way of life under John P. Kennedy. 
The use of the Internal Revenue Ser­ vice lo harass political opponents? One of tin* more fascinating things to come to light in Watergate's wake was the revelation that the Kennedy regime had subjected Nixon to annoying tax audits. 
In many ways. Watergate can be considered a media event. For without its demonstrated hostility to Nixon particularly, and right-of-center Re­ publicans generally. Watergate would not have been blown up into hysterical proportions. 
The fact is that Democratic scandals of comparable, if not greater, signifi­ cance were permitted to glide by without any of the overwhelming and unrelenting attention later paid Wa­ tergate by a press which, in its lust for machismo, sought to disembowel a hated president. 
At tile same time every effort was made to redress the American political balance leftward, after its rightist drift. The aim id' these partisans in nonpartisan clothing was retroactively to “ win” the 1972 election. For the most part, they succeeded. 

THAT W A TERG A TE has been blown up out of all proportion to the realities is the guiding thesis of what follows. Original and subsequent sin were around a long time before Nixon was sworn into office. And political transgressions did not cease with the banishment of Nixon to Sun Clemente. 
Now we know that, while Jim m y 
Carter was jetting around during the 
197o primaries preaching goodness, honesty, compassion and all the virtues id' “ born-again” Christianity, his minions were resorting to that most ancient of political evils — buy- 

Was Richard Nixon the evil 

 subverter of the American republic that we have been led to believe — or was he merely just another U.S. pre­ sident taking actions that were deemed okay for his mainly 
Democratic predecessors? 

 b . J t t * M m x s 

H 
H 
Q I 
41 ^ a 
M&m 
WRO federal funds yet. m m 
Jimmy's boys got caught, but most of the media couldn’t have cared less. 
The first scandal of the Carter cam­ paign was quickly and conveniently forgotten after the Democratic stan­ dard-bearer conceded publicly that it was all so embarrassing. 
This is not to say that Nixon did not help contribute to his own destruction. 
Ile blundered in the handling of the problems created bv destruction. He blundered in the handling of the prob­ lems created by the break-in. Ile now concedes they were “ errors of judg­ ment.” 
Al first lie did not take the episode seriously. After all. political skuldug­ gery, including wiretapping, had been practiced on him during his many campaigns. As he viewed it, it was all part of the game. What he had not counted on was the ferocity of an un­ forgiving media. 
Being human, all presidents have had their character flaws, Richard 
Nixon most definitely not excepted. 
But in the emotions engendered during the Watergate period, prev ious presi­ dents were eulogized to an incredible degree in order to point out Nixon de­ ficiencies. 

T H ER E WAS little that was done during the Nixon administration of an offending nature that had not been done by preceding administrations, sometimes in spades. As Vermont 
Royster observed, “ The harsh fact is that almost every single action of the 
Watergate perpetrators — wiretap­ ping. spying on political enemies, cov­ ering up political malfeasance — has its antecedent example somewhere in recent history." 
The editor-emeritus of The W all 
Street Journal also noted that, “ from 
Roosevelt to Nixon, presidents at times concealed what they were doing and sometimes even lied to the country.” 
And while not excusing Nixon, there 

 can be little doubt that he was sub­ jected to a scrutiny that no other president was ever subjected to or, most likely, ever will be again. 
Whatever else can be said of Nixon, there was one thing he did not do in his five-and-a-half years in office. As far as the record shows, he did not discuss the pros and cons of murdering foreign leaders who had aroused his ire. This is precisely what Kennedy did in con­ versation with George Smathers, then a senator from Florida, on March 31. 
1964. 
Of course, this and other revelations concerning the involvement of the 
Kennedy brothers — Jack and Bobby 
— in assassination discussions sent their defenders up the wall. 
Truly furious was Frank Man- kiewiez, who publicly assailed Nelson 
Rockefeller (who headed a special presidential committee on in telli­ gence) as a “ liar” for daring to sug­ gest that such discussions occurred in the Kennedy White House. 

HOW M ANKIEW ICZ could have any direct knowledge of what tran­ spired during the Kennedy years is difficult to comprehend simply be­ cause he was not in Canielot's inner circle. He did not become Robert Ken­ nedy's press aide until several years after JF K 's untimely death. 
Like Mankiewicz, Schlesinger was also fit to be tied by the assassination revelations. But he was more temper­ ate in his defense of the Kennedys. He didn’t go around calling people “ liars" for saying there's evidence linking an­ ti-Castro plotting to the Kennedys. 
Obviously, he was not too certain as to just what the facts were. In an article in The Wall Street Journal, 
Schlesinger noted that just prior to the 
Bay of Figs he had sat in on many “ top secret White House meetings” dealing with that upcoming fiasco, but that not once had the subject of bumping off 
Castro ever come up. 
This is was indeed a remarkable confession on the part of the author of the “ definitive” book on the Kennedy years, for it demonstrated that Schle­ singer never really knew what went on in the top echelons of the White House. 
One reason for that, as Dean Rusk once suggested, was that everyone knew — from Kennedy down — that 
Schlesinger was a blabbermouth. The word went out from the oval office not to tell Schlesinger anything of conse­ quence lest such information become public knowledge in Georgetown that very night. 

ACCORDING TO the likes of 
Mankiewicz and Schlesinger. the Ken­ nedys rarely, if ever, did anything wrong. Even when it was firmly es­ tablished, for example, that Robert 

 couple, both dressed in canary yellow. 
We were the ones going to the Garza 
Blanca. 
C 

 ancun is a contrived resort. The govern­ ment planners picked an empty ar­ ea of small keys and Caribbean beaches, then bridged the keys, put in an elegant highway with sodium-vapor lights, and helped the hotel people find the money to put up the hotels. l'he hotels march out the narrow keys and causeways — Villas Taco!, 
Dos Playas, Playa Tortugas, El Presi- dente. Camino Real, ( hue Mool, Cali­ culi Caribe and the Garza Blanca — the last one of all, except for the formida­ ble isolation of the Club Mediterranee at the far end. al Punta Nizuc, 14 miles from the mainland. 
The van had either a broken muffler or no muffler, and the driver played his tape deck at maximum volume to drown out the noise. Conversation would have been impossible even if anyone had felt like it. I smiled a lot. 
We went up a very steep curve of cobblestone driveway to the impres­ sive entrance. No doors. A vast lobby, dimly lit, open al the far side as well, looking out from a height across the tropic sea. 
The dark girl at the desk took care of me last, and with cold-eyed indiffer­ ence, said I could have a room for 7o1) pesos a night, not on the beach, of course. It is always better, she added, 

~^to~TTTTrkr n reservation, Wrester 
Road-aee," The key she gave me was brass, fastened to an oval hunk of wood six inches long and an inch thick, stained dark. 
I followed a small, stocky Yucatecan who carried my shiny bag across the lobby, down the curved stairs at the far end, past the pool. empty and wind rif­ fled. where tin* day’s litter of towels, empty plates, glasses and trash had not vet been cleaned up and the sun chaises had not been realigned. 
We passed between a row of two story buildings separated by a cobbled lane. The ones on the left were built on the bluff facing the sea, Mv building was on the right, my room at the lop of an exterior staircase. The fellow turned on low-wattage bulbs, started the grinding roar of an air conditioner set into the plaster wall, shrugged as he pocketed his dollar tip and went out, sandals slapping the tile floor. 
I stripped to tin* waist and stood i i i 

 front of the chilled air until I dried off. 
I put illy other bright shirt on and went out in search of a cold beer, wondering if Anne Farley had liked the Garza 
Blanca, the beach, the tropic sun that 

11Hix be melted her rigidities, her st a­ ples, her reserve. Was the wig for here, too? Do blondes have more fun or merelv seem to be having more? ran jog lit' next morning, 
J E after my breakfast of 
J B L hue vos rancheros and papaya, I encountered total frustration til the big front desk. 
The manager was away. Ile would be back maybe next week, maybe next month. The assis­ tant manager, bt4 has gone to tin' bank in the city. In what city? In 
Merida, Senor. 
There were three of them behind the desk — a dark, surly girl, a tall, dark, surly fellow aud a round, chubby man full of false cheer. There are well-run hotels with efficient desks. There are badly run hotels with infuriating front-dcsk service. Aud then (here is the Garza Blanca 
“ Please listen, Verv earefiillv 

O k iiv ? ” 
“ I listen, Senor.” 
“ I have written a name on this piece of paper. I have printed it 
Mr. Dan 
Bariev. Mr. aud Mrs Dan Barley 
They made a reservation in November. bast vear. Were thev here.’” 
“ I was not here. Senor. 
“ Are there no records?" 
"Records?” 
“ Don’t you keep track of reservations?" 
“ Mc, Senor? I am a clerk. The manager is. . . “ 
“ There must be a file . . .“ 
“ Excuse me. Senor. NTs, Madam? I 

See KING, Page '.111 
F igured Ii o iily H ? — 

Miis, Duke Rhoades has just about decided, is a real tough 

 one. Iii fact, the toughest of his career. He’s following an old, cold trail to recover a half million dollars worth of diamonds and the woman accused of stealing them. 
His labors can earn you $ I OO iii cash. All you have to do is 

 figure out a good ending to the story. Not what author John I). 
MacDonald says is the ending. Not what anyone else says. 
What YOU say is a good ending. 
Express-News editors will pick the best from among entries 

 and publish the winner along with the final few words of 
MacDonald’s version. 
Writing ability doesn't matter. It s your creativity that 

 counts. So pay attention. Next Sunday is the last installment. 

We have 
Entertainment 

» * 
■+ v on Sale 

Save 5ooo 

Now 239. 

 or 
Choose 
Antique 
White 
Ebony-Combined With Mellow 
Nutmeg Top. Stencil decora­ tions, with hand striping ac cents, enhance this beautiful 
Brunch Cart. 

Serve in the Family Room - Din­ ing Room or Bedroom - it rolls easily on large artillery wheels. 
Dimensions ore. 
21x37x29H. Opens to 43x37 with Leaves up. 

In Stock — N ow ready for immediate delivery. 

BROWSING 1-5 P.M. Sundays 
QWRfJETfW/I MAJVOff^ 

2819 N .W . LO O P 41o at Vance Jackson 
Phone 341-81o8 

Open Mon.-Fri. IO a.rn.-9 p.m. 
Sat. IO a.rn.-6 p.m. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
Young Alderete is an old pro 

By KEMPER DIEHL 
He’s the youngest member of the new City Council, but in terms of grass roots political experience, he ranks as an old pro. 
That description applies to Council­ man Joe Alderete Jr. of District 7. 
It was Alderete who scored the most startling upset of this y ear’s city elec­ tion by defeating R ichard Teniente, who had been a popular San Antonio school board president before becom­ ing a councilman. 
Alderete’s arrival on the council at the age of 29 — he’s slightly younger than Councilm an Henry C isneros — can be seen as som ething of a land­ mark. 
It indicates the coming of age politi­ cally of the youthful students who were ringing doorbells for liberal causes during the late 198os and early 197os. 
As a student at San Antonio College d u rin g that period. A ld erete found himself drawn into the great drives lo register voters after the dem ise of the poll tax. 

“ WHEN I came out of Jefferson 
High School in 1966,” recalls the new councilman, “ I was all red, white and blue. I thought anybody had the op- 

Potpourri 

P eople an d Politics 

 portunity to make it, and I didn't rea­ lize there was discrimination.” 
Alderete says that he is still confi­ dent that ‘‘people can m ake it, but I feel som e people are at a disadvantage because of the political system .” 
It was when he becam e concerned with the needs of the city's poverty areas that Alderete became imm ersed in politics. 
‘‘I m et a lady I call my ‘political m o th e r,” ’ says the councilm an. He explains. “ She was Mrs. Manuel Lo­ pez and she opened my eyes.” 
Mrs. Lopez was in charge of a south side office for Albert Pena Jr.. then at the peak of his influence as county commissioner and a national leader of 
Mexican-Americans. 

ALDERETE STARTED w ork­ ing with the Pena organization and soon w as taking p a rt in a m assiv e 

 voter registration campaign which ex­ tended from the fall of 197o into the city campaign of 1971. 
“ I got so wrapped up in it that I quit the job I had and was writing regis­ tra tio n s seven d a y s a w e e k ,” th e councilman recalls, adding: “ We even worked all day New Year’s Day. I was convinced this was the only way we could get constructive change.” 
Then it was time for a second step in 
Alderete’s political education. In the spring of 1971 he entered a field of six candidates in the race for Place 8 on the council. 
The youthful Alderete ran third, far behind winner Felix Trevino and Mrs. 
Merry Baker, but with a com forting 
J. 1H5 votes and a definite edge over the other independents. 
“ I learned a good lesson.” says Al­ derete, “ I realized the need for money and for a good organization.” ifs a circus the clowns must be ... 

TUP Democratic Women of Bexar 
County p rep arin g a little roasting session for the Texas Legislature, with special heat on the Bexar C ounty dele­ gation . . . it’s all in fun, of course . . . 
DW BC President SYLVIA 
RODIG 
G IE Z already is lining up scripts and parodies on the local senators and state representatives, a group that lends itself readily to such a project . . . The theme? Naturally enough, i f s “ Circus, 
Circus.” . . . the $j-a-person function, which includes food, is set for June 18 ut 
St. 
M ary’s 
University 
Pecan 
Grove . . . adding to the circus atmos­ phere, the ladies have lined up an antique cotton candy making m a­ chine . . . 

AND five mem bers of the Democra­ tic Women taking a jaunt to Austin on the final day of the session in efforts to breathe some life back into the mori­ bund Presidential Prim ary B ill. . . the artificial respiration efforts failed, and the bill is as dead as the teachers pay and school finance bill, with a lot less chance of resuscitation . . . everybody rem em bers the Presidential Prim ary 
Bill of 1978 . . . it was the one that ca u se d th e defeat of C ounty Tax 
Assessor-Collector CHARLES DAVIS when conservative Dem ocrats, who would normally have voted for DAVIS, flooded the Republican P rim ary polls to vote for RONALD REAGAN 

THREE Democratic state represen­ tatives from Bexar invited to address the Democratic Women on what the constituency can expect from the up­ coming special session on school fin­ ancing and utility rate relief . . . the invitations went to State Reps. 
AL 
BROWN, BOB VALE and 
FRANK 
MADL A . . . the meeting, open to the public, is set for 8 p.m. Wednesday in 
Gunter Hotel’s Cactus Room . . . 

IS 
State 
Sen. 
MAX 
SHERMAN, from way up in the Panhandle, testing the political waters for a possible statewide race? . . . the senator, an 
Amarillo attorney who is seventh in seniority in the Senate, cam e all the way down to San Antonio to address the San Antonio Lions Club . . . when a politico starts accepting speaking en­ gagements outside his district it often means he is expanding his political 

Boiler 
Room 

( a hi fin ip> ii in iscellanea 

 scope .. . guess to a man w hose district includes 28 counties, running sta te ­ wide isn’t all that awesome . . . 

THE post-marriage announcements of the m arriage of U, S. Sen. 
JOHN 
TOWER and Washington Attorney 
LILLA B l RT CUMMINGS went out under the senator’s free franking pri­ vilege . . . while Ins supporters are happy for the senator, the public has to wonder why it should pay for such announcements . . . the senator, at 51, is three years older than his bride . . . and the ex-Mrs. TOWER is operating her own real estate firm in Washington 

STATE Republican Chairman RAY 
HUTCHISON reporting 4o to 5o tables already are sold for the big party fundraiser set for June 17 in Dallas . . . that’s at $125 a head, although some tickets are being discounted for pre­ cinct chairmen and grass-roots party workers . . . Sen. TOWER, who had a party of his own in Houston Friday night, will serve as m aster of cere­ monies and former Gov. JOHN CON­ 
NALLY will discuss the first 148 days of the President CARTER adm inis­ tration . . . he won’t discuss it day by day . . . 

AND HUTCHISON, who just m ay b e the best chairm an the Texas GOB has had in years, is strongly opposed to moves by the Republican National 
Committee to support one Republican candidate against others in party pri­ maries 
. .. the RNP did it in a 
California state assembly race, and is preparing to do it in a Louisiana U. S. representative race 
. . . the 
RNP apparently intervened in those races with the blessings of national chair­ man BILL BROCK . . . HUTCHISON believes in strict party neutrality in the party prim aries, says it is the reason tin* party is alive and well today in the wake of the FORD-REAGAN presidential primary hassle . . . the 

 state party stayed neutral in that race . 

THE Federal Election Commission lists 
HANK 
GROVER, former 
Republican nominee for governor of 
Texas. as the top individual contributor to a candidate in the 1978 presidential elections . . . the com ­ mission says HANK, who gave Gov. 
DOLPH B1RSCOE a strong run for his money in 1972, is reported to have contributed $83,ooo out of his own pocket in support of 
RONALD REA­ 
GAN . . 

PRESIDENT 
CARTER’S 
Texas campaign m anager has signed on with 
U. S. Rep. 
BOB KRUEGER’S sena­ torial campaign s ta ff. . . that would be 
JOHN POLLAND, who is now doing organizing work for the senatorial hopeful . . . and going on as deputy campaign m anager for 
KRUEGER last week was TOM HENDERSON, who labored for the congressman in previous campaigns . . . already open in Austin is a KRUEGER campaign headquarters, held down bv Mrs. 
CAROLYN HENDERSON . . . she will be remembered as Miss 
CAROLYN 
IVY. who managed BOB’S 
San An­ tonio campaign headquarters in 1974 before joining 
KRUEGER'S 
W a­ shington staff . . . she married TOM between campaigns . . . 

AND there w ill be a meeting Monday to see how far along plans are for the big July 4 old fashioned political rally 
KRUEGER will give in New Braunfels to announce som e sort of political plans for the future . . . the only surprise that announcem ent would hold would be if BOB announced for re-election instead of for the U. S. 
Senate . . . besides 
KRUEGER’S announcement, the July 4 bash will feature barbecue, music, drink, and games such as horse shoes . . . that’s played without the horse . . . 

TALK about evolution of bum per stickers . . . when 
KRUEGER was running for the House, his bumper stickers read: “ K rueger for U. S. 
Congress.” . . . then it became “ Con­ gressman Krueger,” and now that he’s running for the Senate it’s “ Krueger of 
Texas.” . . . 

ORGANIZATION b ecam e his game, and the councilman notes that in the new single m em b er district poli­ tics, grass roots w o rk ers are m ore important than money. 
Another losing campaign taught Al­ d e re te a seco n d im p o rta n t lesson: 
Even a heavily-favored candidate can bt* defeated. 
This was the story of the 1972 cam ­ paign of Pena. A lderete recalls that liberal forces concentrated behind Joe 
Bernal in his rac e to retu rn to the 
Texas Senate, feeling that Pena could not fail to win. 
But Pena was upset by County Com. 
Albert Bustamante. 
U n d au n ted , A ld e re te serv e d as m anager of the west side office for 
B ernal’s com eback attem p t in 1974. 
The result was a very close defeat — but Alderete carne out a winner. 

ALSO CAMPAIGNING for B er­ nal was a niece of S tate Rep. Matt 
Garcia. Alderete mixed courting with canvassing and won a wife, Christine, after the election was lost. 
They are now the proud parents of 
•Claudette, 2, Clarissa, I. and Joe III, who was born alm ost simultaneously with A ld ere te’s v ic to ry in the city election. 
That victory was a result of a cam ­ paign in which Alderete’s grass roots political experience finally paid big dividends. 
Alderete had at first felt that Ten­ iente would be unbeatable this year. 
But in January, after campaigning for the 1o-1 charter, he “ looked at it ag ain .” Perhaps he was inspired by m em ories of the cam paign in which 
P e n a was d e fe a te d w hen he w as thought to be u n b ea ta b le . A lderete found his attitude changing. 

“ I TALKED it over with my wife, 
Christine,” relates Alderete, “ and she said, ‘Let’s go. It’s been one of your aspirations, one of your dream s.’” 
When A ld ere te k ic k ed off his cam paign on Feb. I it was not s u r ­ prising that he did what cam e natur­ ally for a candidate with his organiza­ tional experience. 
He worked parttim e at his job as a sales representative at CBM Education 
Center so that he could put in long hours at door-to-door campaigning. 
“ I used the p eb b le-in -th e-p u d d le theory,” he explains. “ That m eans I would ask anyone who cam e into the campaign if they could identify friends or neighbors who would come in, too.” 
Swiftly he built up a network of fa­ mily, friends and their friends — and then added new supporters and their friends. 

“ THAT’S WHAT got me into the run-off," he explains, adding that “ I just barely made it.” 
To reach the run-off he had spent only $4,ooo. Once in the run-off he felt co n fid en t that he could topple 
Teniente. Though M ike F ernandez, who had run a strong third place cam ­ paign, endorsed the in cum bent, Al­ derete bagged most of the Fernandez workers — a good sign. 
He went on to sack up most of the voters in the April 18 runoff. 
One thing that especially delighted 

Alderete about the campaign was the way in which his parents got involved" and put in long hours with the organi­ zation. 
In earlier campaigns. Alderete con­ fesses. “ My parents thought I was crazy.” He recalls his standard reply to his father, a retired railroad man: 
“ Pop. you’ve got to learn this stuff.” 

NOW ALDERETE is learning a whole new facet of the gam e of politics: building a record of a job well-done. 
Alderete believes he is in a good po­ sition to appraise the city’s problems 

 and policies from the standpoint of a typical citizen. 
“ I have an average San Antonio in­ com e, and my wife w o rk s,” he ex­ plains. “ It gives me a feeling that I will reflect the views of a middle class person, especially when it com es to raising rates and voting bond issues.” 
He is acutely aware of needs for im ­ provements in municipal services and facilities and feels that the proposed 
$1oo m illio n bond iss u e is need ed 
“ without a doubt.” 
But he cautions: 
“ I’m going to be very careful where we spend what we have.” 
Honest Frank refuses the pay 

Councilman FRANK WING turning back his $2o a week council salary. . . because he is a public employe there was a question of whether he could legally draw two salaries. . . he’s asking the city attorney if the money can be diverted to a charity. . . 

WHEN her honor tooled to Austin recently for a m eeting with Austin officials, she seemed pleased to note that the Austin mayor is provided with a brand new, shiny black Lincoln as an official car . . . MRS. COCKRELL is driven around in a long Cadillac that is not as new or shiny as the official car of Austin . . . some have suggested the mayor ought to give up the limousine as an energy saving move . . . so she was pleased to see that San Antonio isn’t the only city providing its mayor with a gas guzzler. . . 

CITY COUNCIL watchers have cal­ culated that the new split meeting days policy will cost the city m ore than $5oo a month just to feed the bunch. . . with a night meeting on Tuesdays and a 
Thursday meeting starting at noon, 
Councilman PHIL PYNDUS pointed out two meal tim es are involved . . . there could be a third if Thursday’s sessions drag on . . . in addition to the ll m em bers of the council at least IO staff m em bers usually eat the catered food that is carted in . . . the additional meetings, however, won’t add anyth­ ing to council salaries . . . that $2o per meeting pay has a 52-meeting top of 
$1,o4o p e r y e a r u n d e r the city charter. . . 
ALTHOUGH new offices are being built on second floor of city hall for the council to m ake way for an expanded council cham ber on the first floor, there is some jockeying for temporary use of the existing offices. . 
. PYNDUS moved out of a cubicle in a rem ote corner to a m ore spacious office formerly occupied by RICHARD 
TENIENTE . . . 

KEEPING up with the news?. . . 
Reporters from television, radio and the San Antonio Light all converged on city hall one evening last week set to a g g re s s iv e ly c o v e r a m e e tin g 

Around 
T ow n 

Watch the newsmakers 

 between the council and City Public 
Service. . . one problem is the meeting had been cancelled a week before. . . nothing like staying on top of w hat’s going on. . . 
ABOUT that Senate resolution re­ com m ending that a building at the 
University of Texas at San Antonio be named after State Sen. FRANK LOM­ 
BARDINO . . . why not adulate all the way and change the nam e of the school to the University of Lombardino at San 
Antonio? . . . and if a building is named after FRANK, shouldn’t at least a classroom be named after each of the 
Bexar legislators whose vote was as im p o r ta n t as LOMBARDINO’S in creating the university?. . . 

THE Old Grey Fox of Bexar County 
Republican politics, JOE SHELDON, passing yet another milestone . . . JOE hit his 88th year last Monday . . . and 
Tuesday he was awarded a certificate of appreciation from the 9oth Army 
R e serv e C om m and, the follow-up com mand of JOE’S old 9oth Infantry 
Division of World War I . . . making the presentation for the reserve com­ m anded by Maj. Gen. 
WARREN 
MEYERS was a former Bexar County 
Republican chairman, 
JIM 
LUNZ, com m andant of the San Antonio U.S. 
Army Reserve School. . . 

REM EM BER LEE OTIS JOHNSON, who got 3o years for sale of a single m a riju a n a cig? . . . his sentence caused students to chant “ Free Lee 
O tis ” w hen then-G ov. PRESTON 
SMITH was trying to make a speech, and the guy thought the students were ch an tin g for “ frijo les.” . . . well, 
JOHNSON just lost his appeal on a burglary conviction. . . 
$l-a-year Manion: Man with a m ission 

By JAMES Mel RORY 

A s a self-made millionaire, 
Joe Rainey Manion is neither awed nor impressed by great wealth. 
Maybe that is why he is willing to kick the financial establishment in the shins when he figures it lias it coming, as he figures now. 
Back in 1976 when M anion, then- professor Ben Shaw, and then-County 
Tax Assessor-Collector Charles Davis were all battling for Davis’ job, the ta x p ay e rs had no inkling th a t they were going to get two out of the three 
— and for the price of one. 
There aren’t all that many bargains nowadays. The election results made 
Shaw assessor-colleetor, and 
Shaw made Manion a deputy. 
Manion’s salary? $1 a year. 

HE’S SENSITIVE on that point. 
He recalls that after he was eliminated from the contest in the first primary and sw ung his support to Shaw. ru­ m ors surfaced that he would be paid off for that support with a high-paying job. 
That doesn’t set well with a man who lias run for public office eight tim es or so, an d has yet to accep t his first ca m p a ig n c o n trib u tio n . O ne well* 

 i. r n * JS 

41 ■ i J- 

JOE RAINEY M ANIO N 

 heeled supporter in one campaign sent 
$1o,ooo to Manion by an em issary, and 
Manion reports he sent it back. Then he spent the next two weeks trying to explain to the infuriated would-be con­ tributor why he couldn’t take his mon­ ey. 
Run for office eight times? 
Well, Manion always has had a yen for public service, but, fortunately, or unfortunately as the ease may be, the public w asn’t ready for Manion. 
Now a chipper 58, Manion has run for City Council at least five tim es, and managed to get in run-offs in t h r o of 

 those races. A moderate conservative himself, Manion ran in one campaign against arch-eonservative Mayor VV. 
VV. McAllister and another against li­ beral Councilman Pete Torres. 
Betw een tim e s , he ran for s ta te representative, county com missioner and county tax assessor-colleetor. 

ALTHOUGH MANION never won at the polls, his presence on the ballot may have had a bearing on the eventual winners in some of the races. 
If Bexar County could get from all its paid employes the hours it gets from 
Manion for $1 a year, it would be well off. He arriv es before eight, leaves after five, doesn’t take coffee breaks, eats a quick lunch, and hasn’t missed an hour off sick or on vacation. 
Manion headquarters in a cluttered 
Courthouse basem ent office, and the only air-co n d itio n in g his office r e ­ ceives is the air filtering in from ad­ jacent offices. But Manion says it is unimportant to him w here he works. 
Key instrum ents on his desk are a telephone, a scratch pad and a calcu­ lator. 
Man ion’s m ission, as he sees it? 
Simple. It is to equalize taxes. 

HOW DOES he propose to do it? 
Force the “ fat eats” to pay their fair share, he says. 

“ The average citizen has been ca r­ rying more than his share of the tax load.” Manion muses. 
“T hat’s the history of San Antonio. 
C om m ercial org an izatio n s pay less than their fair share, and they pay in inverse proportion to their size.” 
So far, in the four-and-a-half months he’s been in office, Manion has taken on the bankers, the new ear dealers, fee appraisers and attorneys for large commercial property owners, USAA, and Ma Bell. 
E xplaining why h e ’s taken off on those groups, Manion said traditional­ ly they haven’t been paying their share of the taxes. 

MAMON CAUTIONS that he isn’t talking about all the “ fat cats” involved in th o se b u s in e s s e s , ju st some. 
Explaining why the drive is on the big boys with the big money, Manion adds if money is going to be raised to run the county, the tax office must use its personnel to the m axifnum advan­ tage. 
At not even the drop of hint, Manion whips out folders of figures he says substantiate his claim s against his tax iargets. 
Manton took the dep u ty assessor- colleetor job because he was bored with doing nothing. 

Some years back he had liquidated most of his considerable holdings in various en terp rises with the u n d e r­ standing he was going to Washington, 
D.C., and a high post in Housing and 
Urban Development. 
That fell through at the late P resi­ dent Jo h n so n ’s d ra m a tic an n o u n ce­ ment he would not seek re-election. 

NOW SEMI RETIRED, he be­ cam e active with the K nights of Co­ lumbus, rising to Grand Knight of the 
Alamo Council. He also became a dir­ e c to r of the C itiz en s for D ecency through Law. 
Still bored, he jumped at the chance when Shaw offered him the $l-a-year post. 
A Catholic, Manion’s religion serves him well. He is a m em ber of the Holy 
Name Society and doesn’t cuss. 
He tells those few taxpayers who try to cuss him out over im agined or real w ro n g s th at the so c iety not only doesn't permit him to cuss but forbids him to listen to cussing. T hat’s when he hangs up the phone. 
While he admits there is pressure in the job, Manion says it isn’t the kind of pressure which will give him ulcers. 
The satisfaction he gets from the post, 
Manion says, com es from those he considers “ the little g u y s.” He said they caU, God bless him, urger him to 

 keep up the good work. and express thanks they have somebody on their side. 
One m a n even co m p a re d him to consum er advocate Ralph Nader, so­ m ething Manion doesn’t necessarily consider complimentary. 

“ UM A dadblamed capitalist,” he declares. “ I’m for the free enterprise system because it’s the greatest thing the world has seen in the progress of this country. 
“ And the ‘fat eats’ who by all kinds of devious m eans won’t pay their share of the taxes are the biggest danger to the free enterprise sy stem .. 
“ They’re turning the young people off.” 

Easily the most controversial county em ploye, Manion lives in a $3oo,ooo residence on Cave Lane in a house he ordered built as a scaled-down model of the White House. Although there are 
'm o d ifica tio n s from the W ashington 
White House, Manion insists it looks like the White House as depicted on the back of a $2o bill. 

Manion’s relationship with his boss? 
“I support Mr. Shaw and he appar­ ently s u p p o rts m e ,” M anion says. 
“ He’s dedicated to a fair tax system here, and I ’m dedicated to the sam e thing.” y 

Councilman Joe A ld erete Jr. and his w ife Christine w ith th eir children, from le ft, Joe HI, seven w eeks; C laudette, 2; and Clarissa, I 

Power from pyramids 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1 9 7 7 

“ She m a cro /micro-cosmic electro­ magnetic spectrum chart discloses a cosmic orchestration that ranges from those of the microcosmic to the very complex macrocosmic — em bracing whole celestial universe nebulae. The human senses are able to tune in no more than one-millionth of the total known frequency range limits of the presently known electromagnetic spectrum .” — R. Buckminster Fuller, 
“ Synergetics” 

"Vou ain’t seen nothin' y e t .. . 
Ai Joison, the Jazz Singer 
By MARILYNN PRESTON 
Anita D ebaerdem aecker, a happy homemaker in suburban 
Chicago, was getting ready to toss out an old Christmas cactus. It was stale and wilted and gener­ ally pooped. One day, just for fun, she stuck it under a plastic pyram id. The prickly plant perked up immediately, and in no time at all, turned over four new leaves. 
Now. n early every (lav around 4 p.m., when Mrs. Debaerdemaecker is feeling stale and wilted and generally pooped, she sets up her own plastic pyramid in her living room, and slides right in. 
“ It's wonderful,” she says. “ I crawl in there with my three kids and I just feel revitalized! It works. I believe it works. I don't need any m ore proof than that.'' 
Herb Hagenwaid runs a $5 million- plus manpower development program 

IEs spoofcy but it worjks 
First in a series 
Continues M ond ay in the Express 

 for the government in Lake County, 
Ind. He says he wouldn’t know the occult if it ran shivers up his spine. 
One day, a few years ago. a friend told him that little pyramids modeled after the Great Cheops P y ram id in Egypt had magical, mysterious powers. 
Skeptic that he is. Hagenwaid didn’t believe his friend. But he was curious, 
So he read some books and did some experiments. His plants grew lusher, his fruit stayed fresher, glass of milk turned to creamy white yogurt while another glass of milk, not under the pyramid, soured and turned to crud. 
“ Doing your own experiments will make a believer out of anyone,” says 
Hagenwaid now, after opening up the 
M id w est's only p la n t-a n d -p y ra m id store in Crown Point, Ind., last year. 
“ See this hot dog? Just an ordinary 
O scar M ayer wiener. But a fte r six w eeks on a p y ram id g e n e r a to r , it mummified. Now,” he says, smacking it down on the countertop and cracking a wide smile, “ if s hard as a rock.” 
WILLIE MAYFIELD is a young architect who lives in a specta­ cular glass-and-wood, double-pyramid house he designed himself at the base of Pike's Peak near Colorado Springs. 
Colo. I fs not his first pyramid. First — 

 just to prove to his cold, calculating mind that this pyram id stuff w asn’t just crock — he built little ones. A little 
.one over his bed to cut his sleep time from eight hours to five. A little one to cure his athlete’s foot. A little one to 
Keep ms razor blades sharp for months at a time. 
“ They all worked like a charm , so I figured a whole house was the logical next step.” says Mayfield, whose house is becoming something or a tourist at­ traction in eastern Colorado. 
“ I f s really the m o st w o n d erfu l space I've ever lived in. I ve never felt better and I know the energy is work­ ing because I ve had a bunch of beef tips ly in g a ro u n d the house sin c e 
O ctober and none of them have d e ­ cayed or gone bad. They've just dehy­ drated. that’s all.” 
But, of course, th a t’s not all. The stories go on. from city to city, from state to state, across the country and around the world, ordinary sorts of people have extraordinary stories lo tell about pyramids and their powers. 
T here’s Paris Garefis, a dentist in 
Santa Monica. Calif., who keeps a m a­ trix of 72 pyramids dangling over his patients’ chair. He swears it helps the healing process and his clients claim it 

 cuts down on pain. 
In Canada, bes Brown says the spe­ cial energy in his 3o-foot-tall pyramid greenhouse is responsible for tripling his crop of vegetables, including giant cucumbers and five-pound tomatoes. 
In Chicago. Rudy Camino, a m a ­ chinist, says his ‘71 Ford wagon runs smoother and gets better gas mileage thanks to the little pyramid he keeps under the hood. 
AND IN HOUSTON, at the Unity 
Church, which is modeled after that 
Seventh Wonder of the World a few miles from downtown Cairo, a theore­ tical physicist nam ed Ed Downs is taking a close, hard look at pyramid e n e rg y an d its effect on h u m a n healing. 
Certainly — if there's one thing pyr­ amid power really needs — it’s a close, hard look. I i i the last few years, it has become one of the most talked about, laughed about p h en o m en a. I f s in ­ stantly intriguing but sum m arily dis­ m issed by m ost tra d itio n a l, m a in ­ stream scientists as crazy, nonsense. niter garbage. 
The chairm an of the chem istry de­ partment at the University of Califor­ nia called it “ hogw ash” in the New 
York Times. Tile head of the physics department at the University of Miami told the A ssociated P re s s that the whole thing has nothing to do with reality. The head of the Oriental Insti­ tute at the University of Chicago is so sick and tired of the topic lie refuses even to be interviewed. 
Yet to most people who take the time to took into the pyramid phenomenon 
— and this includes small but growing numbers of people in the biological anti 

Jwi jiSFfPl 
-■V\,X ' I ll jjp ll A* - 

M w 

 f p P ® 
I K a & ; \ I # 

 b j f 
- 
HK. 

DID IHE ancient Egyptians build their pyram ids w ith a know ledge w e are only now rediscovering? 

 physical sciences — something clearly is going on. 
“ There’s no question, no question whatsoever, that som ething happens under the pyram id,” says Dr. Michael 
Kosok, w n i l Ph.Ds i i i physics and phi­ losophy and 19 y ea rs at F a irlc ig h - 
Dickenson Universitv. 
He is a full professor there, deputy chairman of the physics departm ent, and as far as he knows Ids two large copper-lined pyramids, built vvitli uni­ versity funds, a r e the only such 

 structures being used for serious re­ search 
“ Apparently, the pyramid shape is a resonator of certain types of energies lie said. “ We don't know how ifs hap­ pening, or why ifs happening, or how to control it, but there are theories i i i modern physics that apply. and we are beginning to take a look There a re n ’t many of us, but these tilings take time 
My feeling is that there are plenty of scientists around who p m ately sa> one 

See IT S UY It AMID, Page Al I with diamonds 

Other presidents did it too 

Kennedy directed the FBI to wiretap 
Dr. M a rtin L u th er King J r . , Man- kievviez came up with an explanation fully exonerating his former employer. 
Mankiewicz did not deny the tap. He conceded that Kennedy did approve 
“ one wiretap on the office of Martin 
L uther K in g ,” but only one. What 
Mankiewicz did not say (perhaps he did not know) was that “ one wiretap” rem ained in place for m ore than IS months, until removed in April 1965. 
But. w rote Munkiewcz. “ The pu r­ pose was to attem pt to prove or dis­ prove a charge — by FBI Dir. J. Edgar 
Hoover — that a secret Communist was working for King. The results were negative . . . ” 
The Kennedy’s* penchant for w ire­ tapping has lately been documented by more official bodies. The Rockefeller 
Commission on CIA Activities within the United States, for exam ple, re ­ 

 ported that a newsman had been wire­ tapped by the CIA in 1962 — with no authority in law — “ apparently with the knowledge and consent of Attorney 
G e n e ra l K en n e d y .” T h e K ennedy m y th m ak ers said nothing about the revelation. 
And these were the sam e people who called for or helped fashion an article of impeachment when it was revealed that Nixon had approved the wiretap­ ping of newsmen. 
Ironically . Sen. Edw ard Kennedy was the first major politician to get in te re s te d in W a terg ate. A W ater- gate-styie state of affairs occured se­ ven years earlier when the surviving 
Kennedy brother drove a car carrying a young lady named Mary Jo Kopeehne off a bridge at Chappaquiddick. 

FROM THE START it was ob vious thai “ Teddy” was not telling the truth about the incident, w hich involved the g irl’s death by drowning. A re­ 

 port by the inquest judge c h a ra cter­ ized the senator’s driving of the car as probably “ crim inal.” And that report doubted Kennedy’s testimony on where he and the girl were headed when the accident took place. 
Yet so m e n e w s p a p e rs an d the networks dropped the story after re­ porting the senator's convoluted ex­ planation of what had happened that dark night in July 1969. It was an ex­ planation devised at an amazing gath­ ering at Hyannisport of the Camelot hierarchy, come together to put a gloss over the events at Chappaquiddick. 
Fortunately for Kennedy, there was no tape recorder in his living room at the com pound to record w hat m u st have been a rem arkable discussion on how to circumvent the law. 
In the wake of Watergate, however, several publications did publish belat­ ed accounts suggesting that Kennedy had not been fully responsive about 
C happaquddick. Which was a polite 

 way of calling him a liar. 
Nevertheless, once the senator an­ nounced he was removing himself as a possible 1976 presidential contender, the m atter was dropped. The stark fact remains that Kennedy em erged from an apparent negligent homicide with nothing more than a slap on the hand. 
Using the staff of his Subcommittee on A d m in is tra tiv e P r a c ti c e s and 
P ro c ed u res, Kennedy launched his own private inquiry into the financing of the Watergate break-in. And then h e sought — successfully — to convince the Senate D em ocratic leadership to pursue the investigation m ore th o r­ oughly. 

Obviously, Kennedy thought he had experience to tell a coverup when he saw one. 

M O M ) A ) in T H E A EU S: The 
K e n n e d y Enemies L ist' 

 they had to tie assembled iii the right order or the puzzle could not be com ­ pleted. Optimum Sadism. 
No tight bulbs flashed oil above my head. Nobody said. “ Aha!” I followed an old rule. II you go somewhere ex­ pensive to get to. make sure you don’t have it) return. I had not found a lady alone i ii the Garza Blanca pages for 
Nov C lu tie r under any kind of anagram name —- in fact, not many ladies alone at all. 

I went back to the room, changed; gathered up my various photographs and sketches of M i/ Amie F arley , rented a YW bug from a sleepy man in tilt' lobby, aud went droning from hotel to hotel, showing my wares, smiling my smile, doing my John Wayne im i­ tation where necessary. Kid sister of a dear old friend. She was last seen down here iii November < ould be using the name Farley. Arley, Barley, Fayhee, 
Fanny France, Harley, Cadee, Parley, 
Aldern Fay She hadn’t wanted her big brother to find her. Now the poor chap was dying, and desperate. Aud maybe you could look at the reservations for last November . 
Please? (dr let me run down (tie names. Won’t take more than a minute. 
The Camino Real was the best or­ ganized and the most helpful. The attitude al the President**' was one of hostile indifference. Tile Caliculi Car­ ibe wanted authorization from the po­ lice, When I got tears in my eyes and shook my head slowly in shocked dis­ belief, they relented. Money worked pretty well — 5oo peso notes. Worth a little ov er $2o. 
Nothing checked out. So the next day, 
I caught an carly-aftcrnooii flight to 
Miami. My back was red-brown and tender from two beach sessions. I had tile Aztec two-step from the Galva 
Blanca food. My purse was considera­ bly lighter, w it ti a lot of expenses that 
Equity Protection was not going to pick up and would not have authorized had I asked. 

 caught Libby Fran­ klin just as she was leaving her place for school to learn a little m ore about com m unications. There was concern iii her voice when I told her I had come up absolu­ tely empty. 
Concern changed to coolness when I said I wanted a chance to talk to Laura 
Wheelock, the one who had been an employe of Wescott and Sons almost as long as Anne Farley. She said of course she could fix m e up. Would lunch tomorrow be useful? 
On the m orrow , at a few m inutes after noon, she brought Laura over into the hotel lounge to the designated area. I stood up when I saw them ap­ proaching, dressed alike like flight attendants on the Junior League Air­ lines. Libby was very correct. Mission accomplished, she whirled and headed buek to the shop. I called to her to unit. 
She turned and flashed a totally artifi­ cial smile, waved and kept going. 
Laura Wheelock was as slim as Pu­ rest of them. But older. Gloss of black bangs curling to her dark eyebrows, thick weight of shiny black hair, straight to her shoulders. Dark brown eyes, d a rk com plexion, high round cheekbones dotted with the acne scars of the adolescence of 2o years ago. 
She looked pleased when I suggested the hotel’s best restaurant and told her 
I had m ade a reservation. We had a corner table behind a low stone wall, looking down over the length of the Gee 
Whiz lobby from an elevation about Hi) feet above it. 

When we had our drinks, she said she was doing this as a favor to Libby, such a d e a r child, because she had yowed she would not talk about the 
Anne Farley incident any more. She was desperately tired of it. Everyone a s su m ed th a t, b e c a u s e th e y ha cl worked together for over IO years, they were friends. It worked the other way, actually. 
One did not want close friendships with someone one worked with all day every day, did one? Besides, Anne did not have the gift of friendship. She was 

 second in com mand, Mr Lancer’s as sistant, and one was wise never to for­ get that, lf one was insubordinate, 
Anne F a rle y would give th em the worst chores i i i the store for weeks on end. You know, like iii the arm s I* tx 
“ K IU ?” 
“ Wliatev cr, ’ 
“ I ain interested i i i just how total tv tov a1 sin1 was to Mr Lancer.” 
“ T h e re a re no woi ds for* it, M i 
Rhoades, People have to true th em ­ selves to someone or something, don’t you think? We all have a terrible need ta tx- needed and necessary 
I don’t mean to imply there was ever any ltd rn - emotional or sexual about Anne’s rein tionship to Trevor Lancer. 
She just wanted to he so diligent, so thorough, so knowledgeable, that tho business could not survive without hoi 
And the more indispensable sin- be came. the more she cherished her job 
It was more than a job lo tier. ll was a dedication 
“ Okay; Suppose Lancer said to lier, 
‘Miss Farley, for the good of the busi­ ness, I want you to strip, paint yourself blue and go liv e iii a tree bkt- a druid I don’t want you to ask mc why; just do it. t am depending on you.’ How would stie respond?” 
“ Twenty minutes later, slic'd be blue and liv ing in a tree,” 
“ And ii he asked her to steal from the business to save the business?” lier smile disappeared al once, She frowned and bit her thumb knuckle “ I think I see where you’re trying to go. 
Say it.” 
“ Let’s say the business doesn’t go too well. So J. Trevor starts quietly turn 
Pig good stuff Into junk, selling tin- good stuff and putting the money back in After he lias converted 32 pieces, lie tells her to go away on a long long trip. 
He accuses her of robbing bim and collects from Equity Protection.” 

 he shook her head 
• 
Slowly. “ The husi- ness has been doing very well. Much better now than in the old location. I know gems. 
I have a good eye and good training. I would bet my life those good pieces were there a few days before he went to ( hi* cago.” 
“Try it another way, then. Maybe it was women or g a m b lin g . But be dropped a lot, took it out of the busi­ ness and had to replace it. 
“ That won’t work either. The person who keeps Hie books is very com pe­ tent. And we are audited frequently by the bank, b ’s a headache, the way we have to take inventory so often.” 
“ Why by the bank?” 
“ I don’t know, really. It tias some­ thing to do with the trust department. 
The Wcseotts are a wealthy family and there were a lot of trusts set up. The store is in one of the trusts. I think 
“ How about J. T revor’s bad habits?” 
“ Mr. Rhoades, Mr. Lancer is abso­ lutely devoted to his poor wife. She had a terrible stroke, you know. She is ab­ solutely unable to communicate in any way. Ile spends his free time at home with her, in that lovely old house. His only vice, if you could call it that, is working so hard on the big rock garden he built where she can see it from lier bedroom window. 
“ It is really something. W aterfalls and boulders and exotic plants and trees and fish ponds and all — even floodlights at night. A couple of times he’s given himself a bad back working so hard. I suppose it is because it takes his mind o f f . . . her helplessness.” 
“ He dresses like a secret sw inger.” 
“ I know. But he sells a lot of dia­ monds to a lot of ladies and gets along with them beautifully, and that’s as far as it goes.” 
“ And there is a lot of money?’’ 
She closed her eyes for an instant, expression beatific, then said, "Gross, ugly wads of it. Cellars full of it.” 
Okay, so scrap another set of as­ sumptions, Duke. Try again. 

N E X T S I M ) 1 ) : O n l y O n e 
Can lf in at Solitaire 

COPYRIGHT 1977, JOHN D MACDONALD 

Did JFK plot to kill Castro? 
W as N ixon unfairly victim ized? 
W as Teddy Kennedy an illeg- w iretapper? 

 been obscure. I’d reaped the reward of a lot of diligence and a lot of luck. Tired feet and a sharp nose, like a wise old hound dog. 
A brown pelican hovered and tilted and cam e crash-diving down into the blue water next to some floating weed, sat fora moment, then gulped som eth­ ing (tow ll. 
So, I conjectured, the lady and tier partner had changed their minds and picked a different hideaway. Or some­ body had overlooked or disturbed or thrown away the false clues left behind, 
Or the partnership had come to an abrupt and stntidv end som ew here along the line. 
Why come here anyway? The sun, the sand and the sea. And Mayan ruins? 
Not the place to unload stolen gems, ap p a re n tly . M aybe they had been fenced on the Saturday in November between the theft and the departure, 
B ecause they w ere very good d ia ­ monds; and, selected for anonymity of cut and size once separate from the platinum settings, it could have been for $3oo.OOO. II everybody trusted every­ body. 
But do you tote that kind of cash to a middle-class, contrived resort? Would you put that amount of cast) in the 
Garza Blanca office vault? 
I could not make the pieces lit pro­ perly, I could make them fit, but I didn t like the* fit. I recently saw a puzzle advertised, The ad said that every piece til every other piece, but 

Ring my love 

Continued from Page I-ll 

 may help you?” 
Then, when he turned back to me. I had to start all over again. Finally. I said. "Suppose I walk in and say I have a reservation. What do you do?” 
“ I give you one card to sign.” 
“ You don’t care whether I have a reservation or not?” 
“ Don’t care? Oh, but yes. I look iii the book. Senor.” 
"All, the reservation book!" 
We beamed at each oilier. “ Let me see the book." 
“ Is not perm itted.” 
Finally, for a negotiated fee, it was permitted, but the book he put on the counter went back to January first on­ ly. He did not know where the old book was. Ile had no idea. Then he talked to the surly girl. Another fee was nego­ tia te d . She w ent aw ay, behind the scenes, and returned iii IO m inutes with the book. I carried it off into the small lounge, pretending not to hear the cries of consternation from the three of them. 
I did not see how a hotel could be operated on the basis of such terrible re c o rd s. Six u n k e m p t v a r ie tie s of 
, handw irting blots, erasures, dates and amounts and room numbers scratched out and changed. 
I found the reservation for Mr. and 
Mrs. Barley. A $1oo deposit had been received in October. The room number written beside the name and date had 

 litician. Suspicion was confirmed when 
I saw some Mexican arm y types on tIn­ road, two of th em s ta n d in g in the shade, wearing automatic weapons. 
Finally I sat on one of the sand cliffs, ch a ir heig h t, co m fo rta b le, th e sea sucking at the sand under my bare feet. I felt very grouchy. I had expect­ ed some kind of confrontation down here, even though the voice of sanity iii the back of my mind had said from the beginning, don't waste Hie money on 
Hie trip. Duke. 
Okay. Haul it out into the open and look at it. I never get big brilliant flashes of inspiration. Like a dog with a slipper, I have to pull it out from under the bed and gnaw. 
A false trail. Which is a very com ­ mon happening when straight people suddenly go crooked. A man gets iii over his head in business deals and, w hen he knows the whole thing is going to fall in on him, he grabs the loose cash, leaves his folded clothes on the beach and heads for Belize. 
Or he squirrels away money over a period of time, then goes on a sedate trip w ith the little woman, takes a lit tie walk in downtown Algiers and is never seen again — tie hopes. But I found thai one iii downtown San Miguel de 
Allende, w earing beard and smock, and he wept when I called him by his old name. Pity. 
There is one constant factor. The false trail is always clearly marked. 
You can’t miss it. But this trail had 

 been scratched out and not rewritten. 
Taking the book back to the desk. I pointed to the entry and said, “ They never arrived, did they?” 
They moved away for a heated con­ ference, full of gestures arid interrup­ tions, flash in g eyes and g ig a n tic shrugs. Smiley came back lo me and said. “ Why you are wanting to know?” 
“ VV hat difference does that m ake?" 
“ You a re not w a n tin g th e $1oo back?” 
“ No.” 
“ You are right, Senor. We never heard again from them. That is what this m ark is meaning here." 

 took a long walk on the white, hot, empty beach, walking south from the hotel, wearing a new pair of swim pants and a straw hat from the hotel shop. The sun scalded my shoulders. There was an almost total lack of sea­ shells. 
I walked in the wash of the small w aves nib b lin g aw ay at th e sa n d , making small cliffs. I avoided the tar balls, big as plums and apples, rotting in the vvliite foam. I walked by a house so eleg an tly beautiful and so e n o r­ mous, I knew it had to belong to a po- 

Sunday June 5 1977 

TH*, h i .NUAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r ia l s 

Jam es P. Dolan 
Su n d a y Editor 

Ch arles O . Kilpatrick 
Editor a nd Publisher 
W illiam J. Reddell 
Editor of the Editorial Page 

WEfesf 

AU tax agencies can hell public 

For the second time, the le­ gislature has failed to put into effect the State Auditor's re ­ commendations that would as­ sure modern management of the state's $7.5 billion annual re ­ venues. 
That failure will cost Texas taxpayers an added $21.3 million a year, according to estimates of both the State Comptroller and the Legislative Budget Board. 
The House passed a bill to correct the flaw but tin* Senate stopped it cold. 
The reason is simple. For years, the State Treasury put money in all banks and collected a disgraceful o.28 per cent in­ terest yearly. It was disgraceful but not illegal. 

The bill was killed in Senate com m ittee (and by 15 Senate votes when a resolution was of­ fered to seek a Senate vote on it). That bill would have made the disgraceful practice also illegal. Hep. F rank H artung sponsored it in the House. Sen. 
Bill B atm an pushed it in the 
Senate. 
We would expect the proposal to be offered again next session and would be elated if it were offered in the special session. It could help offset the loss if the utility rate relief bill passes. 

As general public policy, 
ALL state funds should be man­ aged in a m anner to require open bidding for deposits. Some agencies do that, the City of San 
Antonio being one. 
That policy should begin with the State Treasurer. 
Slates where that policy has been written into law’ get the going interest rate on deposits 
— and treasurers are obliged to keep up with cash flow in a way that they can forecast amounts of money needed for checking accounts. The State Auditor’s stinging report caused volun­ tary improvement. 
Good public policy should require more improvement, as the comptroller and TLB say can be achieved. 
School districts, housing authorities, special taxing agencies all should openly soli­ cit bids on deposits in order to do what any well-run business does: put idle money to work in the public interest. 
House passage of Hartung’s bill is encouraging. 
A few more senators pledged to stop­ ping the throw-away practices of the past can get it through the 
Senate next time. M eantim e those many local taxing agencies should move now to improve their own performance. 

 r n ? w - 

Re-cycled buildings should reverse trend 

In an exciting switch in the trend, th e re ’s going to be a handsome building in San An­ tonio where a parking lot almost was. 
The Vogel Belt buildings, facing City Hall adjacent to the 
Spanish Governor’s Palace, will be ready for their first tenant next month. The story behind that is one of incredibly wrong­ headed attem pts at City Hall and at the urban renewal office. 
San 
Antonio 
Development 
Agency. 
At one point, a former city m anager proposed demolition for a landscaped parking lot. 
Throughout the battle to recycle the buildings, there were diffi­ culties to overcome, including moves at SADA that had all the earm arks of rank opposition to the redevelopment. 
During the battle, developers succeeded in having the build­ ings designated historic. Their bid was such that SADA had to accept it and it took the interest of last City Council to assure the project. 
Now there has been an ex­ pression of interest from City 
Hall to buy them back. The city had acquired them through SA­ 
DA earlier. 
The city’s traffic and tran­ sportation offices will be first tenant. 
One can see how the build­ 

 ings are about to become both highly functional and hand­ some. The buildings join and are being recycled as a single structure. 

Recent discussion at the courthouse about building an­ other building should include exploration of recycling. County 
Judge Blair Reeves suggested that possibility and the Vogel 
Belt provides a model. 

Demolition has cleared many inner city lots and even blocks of land. Vogel Belt’s recycling should give developers a clearer idea of an option. But where de­ molition continues, there should be standards both for razing and replacem ents on the sites. 
Parking lots installed lately are showing a concern for down­ town’s appearance. Low stone walls, landscaping and a few’ am enities make the sites a t ­ tractive as well as functional. 
The typical parking lot is junky. The last square foot of space is squeezed out to the de­ triment of the a r e a ’s general appearance. 

We hope the Vogel Belt ex­ perience will become a trend and some of the new parking areas will sham e the mass- parking operators to take a se­ cond, concerned look at their own premises. 

The arrival of Jamie Boyd last week to take over as U.S. attor­ ney here was a subject of great anticipation at the U.S. Court­ house. 

Much of the speculation centered around Boyd's actions toward om ni­ bus, the extensive pretrial discovery procedure for federal criminal trials. 

Form er U.S. Atty. .lohn E. ( lark had pulled the government out of the pro­ gram last July. 

That action brought the w rath of 
Chief U.S. Bist. Judge Adrian Spears, who had brought om nibus to the fe­ deral court here in 19B7. 

M any people at the c o u rth o u s e thought one of Boyd’s first actions would be to restore the program. 

But Boyd himself is stepping cau­ tiously. 

“ I’m just a caretaker right now ,” he said, speaking of his present court-ap­ pointed status. 

"I won t m ake any policy changes until I am confirmed by the Senate.” 

HE HAS discussed om nibus with 
Judge Spears, lie said. 

“ I have had some experience with the procedure, and I have been favor­ ably impressed. 

“ But I am going into it with an open mind,” he added. 

Judge Spears has appointed a com­ mittee. chaired by veteran Asst. U.S. 
Atty. Jerem iah Handy, to study the plan and recommend changes. 

The panel includes four prosecutors, five defense attorneys and U.S. Ma- 

Bill 
Minto 

Federal Beat 

 gistrate John P. Giles. 

“ I hope everybody gets to have an input to the committee,” Boyd said. 
Until the committee m akes its report next month, the status quo of the Clark administration will continue. 

AKTER THAT, J u d g e S p e a rs himself said, “ I don’t think there is any doubt it is coming back.” 
But one faction has not been heard from: the Justice Department in Wa­ shington. 

When Clark dropped out of omnibus last sum m er, he released a letter from then-Deputy Atty. Gen. Harold Tyler outlining d e p a rtm en t o b jections to omnibus. 

Those objections have since become a part of formal Justice D epartm ent policy in the U.S. Attorneys* Manual, which Clark helped draft. 

Clark said the departm ent has suc­ cessfully fought expansion of criminal discovery rules in the Congress, and the policy reflects that position. 

So the unknown quantity in the con­ tinuing om nibus debate here will be the amount of anti-omnibus pressure, if any, exerted by the Justice Depart­ ment. 

ANOTHER AREA w here Boyd will have an early impact is the m a­ keup of the federal prosecutor’s staff. 
Full strength in the d istric t is 22 attorneys. 

But resignations have left four va­ cancies here and one in El Paso. 
Boyd said he will soon begin to sift through a large stack of applications. 

M exican-A m erican o rg an iz a tio n s criticized Clark for not hiring m ore minority attorneys. 

Clark pointed to present and former prosecutors who were Mexiean-Ameri- can. 

But he also said he had difficulty recruiting minority lawyers. 

"I contacted one Mexican-Ameriean lawyer." Clark said. “ But he told me he was making more than I w as.” 

The governm ent is not the highest paying em p lo y er of law yers, C lark said, and minority lawyers are in great demand. 

Clark s hiring policy included re ­ cruiting young attorneys with exper­ ience in other federal agencies. 

Boyd said he wants Mexican-Ameri­ ean lawyers. He also called bilingual ability a d istin ct ad v a n ta g e in the 
Western District of Texas. 

But he will also face p o litica l pressures from Democrats who have faced eight years on the outs as far as government jobs go. 
Boyd has said he has wanted to be 
U.S. attorney here for a long time. 

But his first months in office may be the toughest as he faces some non-law enforcement issues. 

" m i ,m u m . . . r n what i rwnd 1 
Three-way dormy brook in the making 

The countdown for State Rep. 
Bob Vale’s entry into the race for state senator will probably take 9U days, but friends of the 
Bexar legislative dean think his decision already has been made. 

Those who have talked privately w itll 
Vale about the race say he has gi­ ven them this forecast: “ All systems are go.” 

\ ale has, of course, eyed a challenge to S tate Sen. F ran k L om bardino in past cam paigns only to let others carry the ball. 

This tim e, however, there are strong reasons why he can be expected to go all the way. 

. FOR ONE th in g , th e v e te r a n rep resen tativ e has just closed out a legislative performance which brought him praise as a financial “ m ag ician ’ 
— p a rtic u la rly in m a tte rs of d irec t importance lo Bexar County. 

Kemper 

Diehl 

Politics 
I 

More important, perhaps, have been two backstage developments. 

First off, Vale confides that he has been amazed at the support which has been quietly profferred to him by busi­ ness and p rotessional le a d e rs — a group which been tied firmly to Lom- bardino in past campaigns. 

Even m o re enco u rag in g for Vale have been the findings of a voter sur­ vey in the district. In one trial test the legislative dean scored a 6U-4o victory over Lombardino 

For the record. Vale reports he has 
‘‘received a lot of encouragem ent1*” 

 and advises: 
“ Give it about 9o days.” 

MEANWHILE, there’s no doubt but that the recent legislative session which may come back to haunt many 
Texas politicos, including Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe, will be a big plus for Vale. 

As a very influential m em ber of the 
House Appropriations Committee, he was largely responsible for gaining crucial funding for the University of 
Texas at San Antonio, the UT Health 
Science Center and particularly for the new State School for the Mentally Re­ tarded to be established here. 

In addition, he played a major role in a bit of legerdem ain which m akes it possible for the state to provide bad­ ly-needed increases in aid to welfare fa m ilie s w ith d ep e n d e n t c h ild re n without fracturing the budget. 

One bonus of V a le ’s skilled co m ­ mittee work for UTSA will be a major renovation of space at the Institute of 
T exan C u ltu re s to m a k e p o ssib le 

 classes for students who find it extre­ mely difficult to com mute to the main campus. 

In short. Vale will have some solid accomplishments to lay before voters next year. 

MEANWHILE, a n o th e r c h a l­ lenger for the L om bardino seat has been reaping his own publicity bonan­ za. 

That airborne retracing of Charles 
Lindbergh’s path across the Atlantic has done great things for the name-re- cognition attorney Phil Ila rd b e rg e r sought even though he m ade it in hops rather than with one big leap. 

Even before Ilardberger took off on his air adventure, he had made a basic move in p re p a ra tio n for a S en ate campaign. 

He purchased a home squarely in the middle of District 26. F riends report that, as of now. Hardberger is in the race. 

T h ere’s no question but that, even 

 after his aerial exploits. Hardberger is behind in -the n am e rec o g n itio n sweepstakes. But. what with voter dis­ illusionment with government and po­ liticians, that might be an asset. 

HARDBERGER actually has a broad range of political contacts, and many of these are Mexican-Ameri- cans. Much of his law p rac tice has been as an attorney for Mexicari- 
American clients and causes. 

One of the few rules of politics that never changes is the one which holds that it is foolish to predict the course of an election a year in advance — the mood of th e p u b lic can sw in g 18o degrees in the space of a few weeks. 

But, as of the present moment, the battle for the Democratic nomination in D istric t 26 sh a p es up as a real three-way donnybrook. 

It prom ises to be a fight in which anything can happen — even elimina­ tion of Lombardino before the Hun-off. 

Consuls aren’t much c protection 

WASHINGTON — There was a tim e when A m ericans who traveled abroad could count upon the protection of their gov­ ernment. Today, almost any foreign potentate can drag them off to his torture chambers and pig-sty prisons, without a worry about retaliation. 
F'or President C arter’s crusade for hum an rig h ts 

 rfAbHiNGTON 

.I amie Boyd feces a few tough new com er fights 

 m e n 

 d o e s n ’t seem to apply to the 2,2oo 
Americans who are s e rv in g tim e in d ism ai, dingy p ris o n s from 
Bangkok to Bogota. 
T h e ir rig h ts a re su p p o se d to be p ro te c te d by the co n su lar officers, who are attached to 
U.S. embassies around the world. 
It is the theory of the American sys­ tem that the government is supposed to serve the individual. This principle is set forth in noble language, suitable* for framing, in the consular officers’! official handbooks. They are also re ­ minded that “ neither arrest nor coin viction deprives a United States nu-' tional of the right to the consul’s best efforts.” 
The consular officers are sworn to look atter the citizen’s “ welfare and defense.” to protect his “ legal and hum an r ig h ts .” D eclares the h an d ­ book: “ Like a tto rn e y s and social workers, consular officers are obligat­ ed to serve their clients w ith dedicated professional enthusiasm regardless of their own opinions of the clients’ inno­ cence or personal m erit.” 
T h at’s what the handbook says. In practice, many consular officials are m ore interested in p reserving their cozy relationships with their hosts, in­ cluding dictators and despots, than in upholding the human rights of Ameri­ can citizens. 
Americans who fall into the clutches of foreign police have learned, unahp- pily. to expect no more than a polite m u r m e r of p ro test from the S tate 
Dept. 

THE AMERICANS who take the worst abuse in foreign jails are young drug offenders, many of whom were c a u g h t w ith no m o re th an a few pinches of marijuana. Others were a r­ rested for m erely atten d in g parties, where pot was smoked, although they did not partake themselves. 
They are in prison because their own government, in its zeal to halt world­ wide drug traffic, brought trem endous pressure on various governm ents to cra ck down on d ru g violators. T h e d rag n e t, u n fo rtu n ately , ca u g h t few smugglers but many users. 
We have interviewed dozens of these youthful offenders and their parents.’ 
We have heard tale after tale, sincerely rendered, of the denial of basic* rights with beatings, threats, extortion and exprpriation of personal property. 

In m any countries, the A m erican c o n s u la r o fficers h av e been only g ru dgingly cooperative; som e have even sided with the tormentors against the imprisoned Americans. 
On Jan. J, we turned the spotlight on three dozen American prisoners who were confined in bleak Bolivian jails. 
Several swore they were guilty of no m ore than m inor m isd em e an o rs or were innocent altogether. They sought the protection of the U.S. embassy but got the brush-off from a consular of­ ficer named Edward Milburn. 

THE PARENTS appealed to their congressmen who wrote a joint letter to S e cre ta ry of S tate C yrus Vance. 
“ What is of particular concern. . . ” they complained, “ is the apparent fai­ lure of our embassy personnel to take action — or display much sympathy — on behalf of these prisoners.” 
All too typical is the attitude of Ri­ ch ard S chenck. the U.S. consul in 
Caracas, Venezuela, who complained to us about our column in support of the incarcerated Americans in Bolivia. 
“ I am ra th e r tire d .” he w rote on em bassy stationery, “ of the cu rren t 
‘nam b y -p am b y ’ solicitude for these 
(drug) users and traffickers. They are not all hardened criminals, but almost * all are dropouts and non-contributors looking for cheap junk.” 
The American consul in Chile, F'red 
Purdy, secured the rele ase of Amy 
Conger, an American art teacher, after she had been badly abused and m o­ lested by military police. Her release was handled quietly, without a word of protest from the State Dept. When wa finally published lier sto ry . Purd>* spoke up in support not of Amy Conger* but of her Chilean torturers. 

IN CONTRAST, when a British’ n atio n al. Dr. Sheila C assid y , w as abused by Chilean officials, the British government secured her release, with­ drew its am bassador from Chili and issued a stinging statement. 
In B olivia, B ritish co n su l B rian 
B arrett always appears im m ediately after the arrest of a fellow country­ man. He usually succeeds in arranging to have the British citizen deported rather than left to rot in Bolivian jails. 

In Thailand, according to a letter from A m erican prisoners, A m erican consular officers Robert Jacobs visited their jail and pronounced it “ better than a lot of prisons.” Then British officials cam e by, called the place a 
“ s tin k h o le ” an d a r r a n g e d for the transfer of British inmates to a better prison. 
T h e re a re , of co u rse, m any U.S. consular officers who are concerned and compassionate. 

But m any consular officers, unfor­ tunately, seem to have forgotten their first duty. 

LETTERS 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — 
Sunday June 5 1977 

Murphy’s m edicine 

Sir: This is an open letter to ai! people who have stickers on their bumpers reading, “ Protect your doctor” Next time you've accumulated 3o some traffic tickets, see if you can make a deal to piead nolo contendere to one of the charges and have the rest of them thrown out the wndow. Best of luck to you. 

Also, after watching the “ Sixty Minutes” TY program (May 39) about 
M edicare fraud, I'm surprised that Chicago has enough doctors still available to organize a poker gam e at the 19th hole. The com mentator explained why. The federal government expects the state to prevent fraud, and the state thinks the federal government should police Medicare. The sawbones know that, so. . . . 

May the luck of the Irish protect me. 

John Murphy 
A little thought, please 

Sir: The Anita Bryant crusade spread a lot of heat and very little light. It must seem incongruous for gays, who are “ crim inals'’ and “ sinners.” to demand their constitutional rights. Learning that perverts from the ranks of porno peddlers and child abusers should claim any rights whatever, other than mercy, cries to heaven for vengeance. Please, let’s examine the issues with a clear head. 
C lear-th in k in g gay lead ersh ip feels no conflict in the religious area. Many of them are affiliated and active with religious organiza­ tions, gay and non-gay. such as 
D ignity 
(C a th o lic ), 
In te g rity 
(Episcopalian), Metropolitan Com­ m unity C hurch (In te rd e n o m in a ­ tional) and Methodist Gay Caucus. 
Then w h at ab o u t S c r ip tu r e ? 
T here is cogent reasoning in the opinion th a t the r e f e r e n c e s in scripture to homosexual “ abom ina­ tions” is thickly overlaid with an ­ cien t c u ltu r a l and p o litica l in ­ fluences that do not apply to m o­ dern situations. 

Being homosexual is never illegal or sinful. Some homosexual acts may be sinful or illegal, but a person cannot be condemned for what he has not committed. We do not jail alcoholics for being alcoho­ lics unless they are drunk. We get jobs for alcoholics, we place them in hospitals, halfway houses and do all we can to assure them a way of life befitting human dignity. 
Vet the gay is not safe even at home. The gay is to be denied job security and housing rights simply because constitutional rights have not been defined in this m atter. 
Let’s not create a victim to suit the 
“ crim e.” 

Generally speaking, the objec­ tional aspects of what people think of as homosexual activity are not really that at all. Male prostitutes on the street are just that, prosti­ tutes making a buck from straight men. Child porno peddlers aud all those associated with it are pan­ dering to Hie straight m arket, not only the gays. 

Gays have been in the schools, churches, neighborhoods and go- yernments for years and you didn’t even know it. G ays have been teaching children, healing the sick, preaching from the pulpit, drilling for oil, passin g legislation and raising fam ilies unnoticed while paying taxes and fighting for their country in fearful anonymity, 

MJI. 

ANITA BRYANT 

Let her talk 

Sir: I can’t believe what is hap­ pening to Anita Bryant. Does she not have the right to speak her mind? 

Do only Rod McKuen. Jane Fonda and the “ com m ies” of the country have a right to be heard? 

I believe she has as much right to champion her view as the “ queers” have to speak theirs. 
Where are the Christian people of this country? Even the m inisters are quiet. 
I’m amazed at the lack. of concern of decent people. Where are the m others, fathers, g ra n d m o th e rs who should be concerned? 
I can't believe anyone this day and tim e can’t he heard. 

Jane Ellen Jenkins 

It could ruin us 

Sir: The “ little guy” doesn’t need a high priced bureaucrat to tell him inflation has increased .8 per cent in one month. Shopping in the local grocery store is the best indicator of skyrocketing food prices. 
Everyone knows the costs are kiting in every field of the nation's economy. The people want the fe­ deral government to stop it from getting worse. 

It seems every time m em bers of 
Congress have inflationary legisla­ tion they’re unhappy about, they cautiously slip it under the door of some subcommittee’s caucus room where the m em bers talk the print off the paper. 

The congressmen and the sena­ tors and the President are proud of their tax reduction law, their “ hu­ man rights” doctrine and the en­ ergy program they intend to imple­ ment by soaking the "little guy” for buying a comfortable automobile, a 

Congress must enact laws to out­ law strikes by union labor for the duration of the inflationary period. 
A tight lid must be clamped down on “ charging all the traffic will bear” by big business — especially the automobile industry. 

Everyone sc ra m b lin g to “ get th e irs” eventually will result in nobody g etting an y th in g 
Uncle 
Sam could go broke’ 

It’s America saved or America ruined. 

Which is it to be? 

Joseph A. Burke. 

RICHARD N IX O N 

Special kind of logic 

Sir: Isn't it amazing how many 
Nixon coatholders are willing to publicly challenge a perfectly ob­ vious axiom , i.e., that “ . . . . 
Millions of citizens do not need brainwashing and propaganda from two discredited ex-Nixon and 
Agnew speecfT w riters,” thereby implying that nearly ALL U.S. citi­ zens do need such brain washing. 

S m all w o n d er th e y ’re Nixon coatholders. No doubt had Tricky 
Dick said, “ 99 follows IOU when counting,” the coatholders would have explained to us peasants, “ Of course it does. Just listen to the countdown before a ‘BLAST O F F ’.” 

Joe Lozano 

Splattering his gourd 

Sir: In response to Leonard Dallas’ letter (May 28), I would like to question him. Mr. Dallas, do you ride a motorcycle? Have you ever had to wear one of those bulky hot helmets in 95 degree tem peratures downtown? 
I would suggest I can’t see where you have any say in the helmet law bill which was passed, lf I want to ride my scooter without a helmet, and I'm over 18, th a t’s MY business, and if I want to splatter my gourd on a highway that's also MY business, 
The law had no right to be passed in the first place the way it was worded. 
Curt Branson 

This n e w sp a p e r w e lc o m e s le tte rs fro m its read ers. They m o u ld b e sh o rt — not o v e r 3 o o w o rd s — and th e y m u st b e sign e d . R e a d e rs ' initials w ill be u se d if re q u e ste d but u n sign e d letters w ill not be p ub lishe d. Editors re se rv e the right to edit a n y letter fo r length, g o o d taste o r le g a l re a so n s but e v e ry e ffort w ill b e m a d e to c o n v e y the w r ite r's opin ions. Letter w rite rs m ust include their p ro p e r a d d re ss and te le p h o n e n u m b e r — w hich w ill not b e p ub lishe d — so the correct ide ntity of the w rite r can be e stab lish e d . Se nd letters to P.O . B o * i i 71 , San A n to n io , T e x a s 7 8 i9 7 . 

It’s pyramid power 

 thing about this, but publicly state an­ other so they won t be ridiculed.” 

IN THIS SERIES, w e’ll m eet some of the other scientists, architects and energy researchers who are stu­ dying pyram ids seriously. People like 
Ed Downs, a theoretical physicist from 
Dallas who did high-level research fox the government for ll years and is certain the government is studying it secretly 

P eo p le like R o b e rt A lm o n , a li­ censed architect who incorporates the pyramid shape in his designs for new buildings, hospitals, homes, and sees its potential to boost all of m ankind’s awareness and energy levels. 
Also, we’ll report on the results of an actual laboratory-controlled study of the p y ra m id effect. 
T h e w ork, coordinated by the Mankind Research 
Foundation in Washington, D.C., and involving 12 M.D.s and PH.D.s and 25 different experim ents, confirm s the fact that pyram ids do have a “ statisti­ cally significant” effect on living and non-living things. 
The statistician who independently in te rp re te d the fin d in g s, Dr. Ted 
Horner from Bethesda, Md., says he was a devout skeptic before seeing the data. 
“ Some of the effects are just s ta r­ tling,” he says. “ We need more tests, but certain ly the evidence strongly suggests something is going on.” 
Not only is something going on, some scholars contend, but it appears that the ancient Egyptians had a much better handle on this ages ago. Any discovery we might now make con­ ce rn in g th e p y r a m id ’s re m a rk a b le biophysical properties would only be rediscoveries of what Egyptians knew, they say. 

THE EGYPTIAN pyramids, and especially the G reat Pyram id on the plains of Giza just a few miles outside 
Cairo, rem ain one of the greatest puz­ zles known to m an. Why w ere they built? How were they built? 
Was the Cheops pyramid just a tomb 
— as traditional Egyptologists hold — or was it, as some scholars claim, a highly sophisticated scientific instru­ ment, a repository of knowledge lost to man over the centuries? 
What we today laughingly call pyra­ mid power may some day help us un­ cover lost secrets of the universe. Or it may become just another crazy foot­ note in history. Only time will tell. 
Meanwhile, lots of folks are running around and buying pyram ids, believ­ ing in pyramids, proving to themselves in off-the-wall, kitchen table experi­ ments that something is there. Estab­ lis h m en t sc ie n c e m ay be slow in nailing down the facts, but the com ­ mon folks aren't waiting around. 
They’ve taken that little leap of faith and discovered that, under the right conditions, pyram ids do seem to mellow th e ir w ine, help heal th eir warts, boost their energy, spark their sagging snapdragon and, in the case of one M arg are t Jones, keep the kitty litter box from stinking. 
“ A lot of things work because people want them to,” says Jean Borowski, w ho wears a pyramid medallion to her job at a Chicago area K-mart to help her cope with the craziness, “ but this seems to work even if you don’t believe in it. I didn’t think it would do a thing to a corsage, but it did. The red rose stayed red, the carnation white and the leaves green for a whole year. It was hard and dry, but the colors were vi­ brant.” 

A LOT OF folks don't really un­ derstand why their pyramids work, but then they probably couldn’t explain how their TV set works either. 
“ I don’t know if scientists have an explanation,” says a young Chicago businessman who sleeps with a small pyram id generator under his pillow. 
“ But, frankly, I don’t think science has all the answ ers or even all the ques­ tions. The older I get, the more I find myself believing in things that science frowns on. Like ESP. Maybe even life after death...In business, I go where the m o n ey is an d I ’m p re tty s u re scientists act the sam e,way.If the go­ vernment ever got interested in fund­ ing psychic research, they’d all jump on the bandwagon so fast it wouldn’t be funny.” 
W h a t’s p a r tic u la rly funny about pyramids, the experts say, is how they affect living things differently from non-living. On non-living items — like hot dogs or oranges — pyramids basi­ 

 cally act as dehydrators (Jack North, a retired engineer, could drive nails with a banana he m um m ified in his pyram id two years ago). Also, they help keep b a c te ria or m old from forming. 
On living things — like plants or humans — devotees say the pyram id will act as an energizer. New growth will g erm in ate faster. M editation is easier, more focused. The amount of sleep needed can be cut back and the healing process speeded up. 
Ed Downs — the theoretical physi­ cist from Houston — says he goes to bed every night in an energy sandwich. with pyramids above and an ener­ gized water bed below, and he says he absorbs so much vital life force from the co m bination he can go m o n th s without eating. 

OF COURSE, these testimonials 

 are precisely the sort of nonscientific, nonsense data that m ake m ost hard­ core scientists very upset and nervous when it comes to talking pyramids. 
“ All claims that have been made are contrary to established scientific research. That s why most respected, scientific institutions are very vague on this,” says Bob Jones, the editor of 
Industrial Research, a magazine which keeps track of research and develop­ ment in the physical sciences across the world 
The people who are really causing the g re a te s t flap when it com es to p y ra m id pow er a r e th o se commercial-minded folks who see the pyram id phenom enon h appening in fact whether or not science says it can happen in reality, and have decided to cash in. In pyramid talk, that is known as playing all the angles. 
G. Patrick Flanagan is one of these. 
Make your own pyramid 

T h e re a r e se v e ra l a c c e p te d methods for going about building your own pyramid. In “ The Secret 
Power of the P y ram id s,” authors 
Bill Schul and Ed Pettit suggest that the easy way to determ ining the correct dimensions is to first figure out how tall you want your pyramid and then for every foot of height, you will need 1.57o8 feet of base and 1.4945 feet of side (figur­ ing from the corner to the apex). 
For example, if you want to stow your plants in a pyramid ti feet tall, each side of your square base would 

 h 
1 8 .8 5 ” 
I 

M easu rem ents m ust be exact to duplicate the G re a t P y ra ­ mid be 9.4248 feet and each u p rig h t triangular side would be 8.9874 feet.. 
They provide the following scale that should be helpful in construct­ ing sm aller pyramids: 
Height 
B ase.................... Side ti” 
............ 9.42” ................... 8.98” 
8” 
........ 12.57” ............. 
11,98” 
IO” 
.......... 15.7o” ............. 
14.95” 
12” 
.......... 18.85” ............ 
17.93” 

Another method that G. P atrick 
F la n a g a n ta lk s ab o u t in his pamphlet called “ The Pyram id and 
Its relation to Biocosmic Energy” is to set the length of the base at some desirable figure, and then substrata 
5 per cent to determ ine the correct length of the sides. Fie provides a table of pyram id dimensions, too, to help you short-cut the mathem atics. 
It goes from a 8 inch base to a 12o inch base but here are some sam- 

 tap e, or glue, d e p e n d in g on the m aterial), tin* sides should form an angle to the base of 51 degrees and 
M minutes, which makes it a min­ iature replica of the Great Pyram id in Egypt. 
It doesn’t m atter what m aterial you use to construct your pyramid, though some hooks recommend you stay away from alum inum . C ard ­ board. wood, plastic and construc­ tion paper all work fine. You also don’t need solid walls. It s tin* form 
— the shape — of the pyramid that is crucial and. according to Herb 
Hagenwald, you could do ju st as well m a k in g a p y ra m id o u t of string. 
Once it’s made, you’ll need to use a magnetic compass to align the pyramid. This, too, is crucial. Each of the four sides should be lined up to face north, south, east and west, and the hest way to accomplish this is to simply align any one of your sides on the north-south axis. 
T h ere’s some question w hether the side should In* facing magnetic north (as your com pass reads) or true north (as determ ined by the nearest Federal Aviation Adminis­ tration Flight Service Station). 
What will m atter is that you use your py ram id in an area as free from e le c tric a l d is tu rb a n c e s as possible. The more electromagnetic interference from TVs, radio, metal 

 pies: 

Base — 
— S id e .......... ... Height 
8” 
. . . . . . . . 5.7o9” .... . . . . 3.82” 
12” 
. . . . . . . . 11.418” . .. . . . 7.839” 
24” 
. . . . 22.835” ... .. 
15.279” 
48” 
. . . . . . . . 45.87o........ .. 3o.558” 
12o” * ... 
. . 
114.178 ... .. 78.394” 
Once you’ve measured and cut out the fo u r tr ia n g le s n e c e s s a r y to make a pyram id shape, and stuck the sides to g e th er (u sin g sticky 

A neatly m ade paper pyram id can look like this 

 sheeting, and electrical wiring and appliances, the less efficient your pyramid apparently is as an anten­ na. 
To maximize the pyramid energy, the books say, you should try to place the item to be treated in an area one-third the way up from the 
•base. T h is is c a lle d th e K in g ’s 
C ham ber and it corresponds with the location of the Kings Cham ber in the Great Pyramid in Egypt. 

He is a physicist listed in “ Who’s Who til Am erican Science” and he's also one of the top movers and shakers in the field of pyram id research. How­ ever. his work might be considered tainted by the fact he also is in the business of selling pyramids and p> r- amid books. 

THIS OBVIOUS c o m m e rc ia l c ro s s o v e r betw een s c ie n tis ts an d salesman may disturb purists, but or­ dinary folks with droopy plants and trusting souls don't seem to mind at all. They simply buy Flanagan’s $2.95 pyramid starter kit (containing three cardboard pyramids, a com pass and a book that explains how biocosmic en­ ergy w orks), and once they do their own experiments, they’re hooked. 
Flanagan's "Pyram id Power” book has sold an estim ated 3oo.ooo copies and still is going strong. 
T h e re a re at least a dozen o th e r books on the m arket, most with sim ple instructions on how to build your own pyram id. One of the most seemingly s e rio u s w orks is P e te r T o m p k in s ’ 
“ Secrets of the Great P y ra m id ,” iii which he is very neatly lays out bis th eo ry th a t the G re a t P y ra m id of 
Cheops w asn ’t a tomb at all but a c ­ tually a sophisticated scientific instru­ ment “ designed to help m an orient himself in the cosmos and apply finite m easurem ents to time, space and the seasons.” The book costs $2o and is in 
Us 13th printing. 
A less serious book, probably one reason serious scientists are loathe to attach their names to the phcamenon, is “ P yram id O rgasm ." It’ll sell, too, just like pyramid plates and pyramid jewelry. “ This whole thing lias c a p ­ tured the public’s imagination,” says te n Sausen, a New York retail m anu­ facturer whose $5 plastic pyramid was one of th e biggest s e llin g holiday items last year. 
Sausen was featured in F o rb es iii 
December for having grossed about $1 million in three months of m arketing pyramids, and now he goes around the country talking up pyramid power and d em o n stratin g his w ares in d e p a r t­ ment stores and on TV talk shows. 
Like the heads of other com panies involved in selling pyramid products, 
Sausen says the item probably will be around for a long time, as m ore and more people catch on to its uses. 

HERB IIAGENWALD, federal b u r e a u c r a t and p a rt-tim e p y ra m id entrepreneur, says the pyramid busi­ ness is nowhere near its peak. 
His little store and mail-order Busi­ ness in Crown Point is going g rea t guns, selling everything front small 3 by 4-inch pyramid generator (that has its own m a g n etic field and d o e s n ’t need aligning) for $4.95 to a $1oo unit that goes over a queen-sized bed to a giant-size, 24 by 27-foot unit that sells for $22o and people use in a g arden setting. 
“ We hear about it all the the tim e," says ilagenwald. “ A lady who works around the corner bought one to take on her honeymoon. She’s 55. Another woman cam e in to buy a pyram id to unclog her kitchen dram. My wife uses p y ram id w ater (w ater left u n d er a pyramid fo ra time until “ energized") every m orning and says it helps her skin. And I keep my electric razor on one . . . I know it sounds strange. I didn’t believe it either, not until I saw for m yself. Something is happening there. I don't know what exactly but it s just too incredible to ignore." 

M O N D A Y in the E X I* Ii E S S : 
Motto rn f thy sirs m a y ha ve tin a m u e r 
Ifs a stellar party line 

They have finally told us: we can tear up our tickets to Saturn, Jupiter and the rest. Nobody’s on Mars; looks like nobody else in the whole solar system. 
Worse than that, they confide, it seem s star-junkets are out, too. It takes light — al 188.ooo m iles per second — several million years to run out to the Pleiedes and places like that where we might come on a few neigh­ bors. 
If we can ’t go, we’re assured, why not phone? Some simple intercelestial code. Of course, there’s a slight hitch 
— this CB chit-chat is going to poke. 

Ed 
Syers 

Along the Way r 

 along at the sam e old speed of light. 
There’s that time-lapse again. 
Can't you picture what it would have been like had we been chatting away on this galactic party line — say, to a 

 real close-in star — since way back when: 
Star: “ Pushkin 751 here. Do you read me. Small Planet? Over.” 
Earth: “ This Noah. Can’t talk now; we’re having weather. Over.” 
Star: “ Am not reading you, Small 
Planet. Please identify yourself.” 
Earth: "T his Admiral Columbus, discovering America. I think that s 
Cuba ahead.” 
Star: “ Pushkin culling Cuba. Please report when America landing is com ­ pleted.” 
E arth: “ Fidel Castro calling Mos­ cow. . 
No, they haven’t changed much 

WASHINGTON - Under the title of “ Where Are They Now?” 
I have researched the Class of 
’69 at Molotov Cocktail Tech. 
Here is what happened to some of the graduates. 
Rip Calitrope was the first student to graduate from Molotov as a complete illiterate. He could neither read nor write after four years of college, but the faculty and president decided to give him his diploma anyway just to get rid of him. 
Rip is now teaching freshman Eng­ lish, history and creative w riting at 
Forest Lawn High School. He doesn’t see many of his classm ates from 1989. 
“ I d like to write to them ,” he told me. 
“ But you know how it is.” 
Nancy B canstrap was cheerleader and homecoming queen of the Class of 
‘89. She was voted the most popular girl in her class. She now is a m em ber of the “ Church of the Heavenly Laser” and se lls c a r n a tio n s at C h ic a g o ’s 
O’Hare Airport. 
N ancy, who now uses th e n a m e 
“ E te rn a l L ig h t,’’ has been d e p ro ­ gram m ed six times but keeps return­ ing to O’Hare Airport to find her “ True 
Beam .” She says she’s at peace with herself except when she pins a carua- 

Art 
Budtwald 

Light Side 
C 

 tion on someone and he refuses to give a donation to her church. 
Malcom Sumner, who spent a total of 
875 days in jail out of his four years in college for protesting the pollution of the air and water around Molotov City, is now a lawyer representing the U.S. 
Rust Steel Company. 

A specialist in environm ental law, 
Sumner has successfully defended U.S. 
Rust in its battle with the government ta prevent the discharging of poisonous waste into the Coldstream River. 

Malcom, who has all ‘ his suits tailored in London, regrets his college p ro te st d ay s w hich he b la m e s on youthful ebullience. He accused EPA and the e n v iro n m e n ta lis ts of o v e r­ reacting to pollution. 

“ PEOPLE EITHER want steel or clean water. They ca n ’t have both,” he said. Asked if he regretted s|>onding so m any days in jail, M alcom said, 
“ No. T h e au th o rities did th e rig h t thing. We’re a law-and-order society, and any tim e a rotten college kid takes the law into his own hands he should be put in the slam m er.” 
Sarah G oldstream , who ran out on the field naked d u ring the Molotov- 
Singleton U. football gam e (which was covered on nationwide television) to protest sex discrimination in sports at the university, is now m a rrie d to a 
CPA and lives in Fairlawn Village. 
She has three small children, drives a station wagon, plays tennis three times a week and is vice president of her Junior League. 
She said she was too busy to talk to me because she had to pick up her children from dancing school and take them to their piano lessons. When I brought up the famous football inci­ dent she just pursed her lips and said, 
“ I think a w o m an 's place is in the 
‘home.” 
Michael Kahme, who threw himself on top of Fleury Kissinger's limousine to protest the war in Vietnam, is now a captain in the U.S. M arines. “ I’m a 
3o-year m an,” he said proudly. “ Civi­ 

 lians don't understand that the Soviets only deal from strength. 

“ MY OUTFIT was all set to go to 
Angola, but some bu reau crat in the 
Pentagon scratched it. If we don’t stop the C o m m ie s in A ngola, w e ’ll be fighting them on the beaches of F ar 
Rockaway.” 
I asked how an antiwar fanatic was able to change into a gung-ho Marine. 
He re p lie d , 
“ I saw th e 
TV commercial where they showed these guys in their red, white and blue uni­ forms. It was out of sight, and I said to myself, ‘T hat’s the life for m e.’” 
The last student of the Class of *89 I talked to was Em m ett Fiedlerman. As you recall Em m ett blew up the .science building, the library and the liberal arts center to show that education had no relevance. 
Fiedlerm an has just been appointed by the Carter Administration as direc­ tor of the Bureau for the Advancement of Higher Education. His first act as d ire c to r w as to give Molotov a $15 million grant to reconstruct the build­ ings he blew up. 
In e x c h a n g e for his m a g n ific e n t gesture Molotov is giving Fiedlerm an an honorary degree as Doctor of Hu­ manities this Sunday. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
Newman— va know— writes another 

At- 
— X i i 
« J 
. 
HT.j* 
*■% ■*#»«* 
S o i m m t t n n 
♦ lb.** m ic?T i*£ iB r t f I**#*... b '.n t r l i ( i l l a a a W » 

Books 

 m m i 

By PHIL THOMAS 
Edw in 
Newman has written another book about bad writ­ ing 
- 
A 
C IV IL 
TONGUE 
(Bobbs- 
M errill; $8.95) 
Early on 
Newman states his thesis: "A civil tongue ... means to me a language that is not bogged down in jargon, not puffed up with false dignity, not studded with trick phrases that have lost their meaning. It is not falsely exciting, is not patronizing, does not conceal the smallness and triteness of ideas by clothing them in lan­ guage ever more gran- dlouse . . . does not weight us down with the gelatinous verbiage of 
Washington and the so­ cial sciences.” 
Horrifying 
Having made most clear where he stands, 
New man then devotes the rest of his book to discussing in just what ways English has become an uncivil tongue. 
Here are two examples selected at random: 
‘‘’Y’know.’ A friend in 
Detroit told me he had heard a colleague say, 
BEST 
SELLERS 

FICT IO N 

I . FA LC O N ER , 
By John C henar. 
(Krapt, $7 95.) Stunning prison novel of escape and redemption 
7 O LIVER 'S STORY, 8). fnth Segal 
(Harper & Pow; $7 95 ) Tearless bat well meaning sequel 
3. THE CRASH OF ‘79. 
By Paul f. 
Crdman. (Simon $ Schuster; $8.93.J Inside the Petrodollar set 
4. THE THORN RIRD S, 
By Colleen 

McCullough 
(Harper A Rom, $9 93.) 
Australian family sago 
3. TRINITY, By leon lins (Doubleday. 
SIO 93.) The Troubles in Ireland over the years. 
6 CO N D O M IN IUM , By John o Mot 
Donald. (J B tippmcott; S 1o ) Disaster flit* 
Hondo Keys 
7. THE CHANCELLOR M AN USCRIPT, 
By Robert I odium (Dial; J I O ) Topical thriller, 

8. A BO O K OE C O M M O N PRAYER. 
By Loon Did ion 
(Simon t Schuster; 
$8 93.) A women adod 
9. H O W TO S A V I YO U R O W N LIFE, 

By frica Joey (Holt, Rinehort S Winston; 
$8 95 ) Isadora s back and Hollywood s got her. 

IO. EAST W IN D , RAIN , By N Richard 
Nosh (Atheneum; 59.95.) Pearl Harbor on the eve. 

N O N F IC T IO N 

I. YO U R ERRONEO US ZONES, 
8y 

Wayne, W 
Dyer 
(funk t Wagnalls; 
$6 95.) Self-help pep talk 
7. PA SSA G ES, By Gail Sheehy (Dutton; 

JIO .95) Helpful study of mid life ernes 

J . H A Y W IR E , 
By Br oaks Hayward. 

I Kropf, JIO .) Moving memoirs of a 
Hollywood childhood 
4. ROOTS, By Alai Holey Doubiadoy, 

J I ? 5o I One man s family,- important black history 
J. CH A N GING . By bv Ullmann. (Kropf; 

J8 95) . Th* film star on life, Bergman and arf 
6. THE O AM ESM AN . By Mich oaf Mar 

 coky (Simon 8 Schuster; SS 93.) The new corporate mon 

7. M A JEST Y. By Robert lacey (Harcourt 
Bro ce Jovanovice; J I ? J O ) The Queen kin abe ll story 

 a. TH I G RA SS IS A L W A Y S GREENER 

O VER THE SEPTIC T A N K , 
By frmo 

Bo rn beck (McOrow-Hill; J6 95.) Humorous side of suburban life 
9. IT DIDN T START W ITH W A TER­ 
GATE, By Victor tasty (Dial; JIO ) The 
DemocraH did it too 
IO THI DAVID K O PA Y STORY. By 
Daivd Ko pay and Perry Deane Young 
(Arbor Housa, J8 .95J football player on his homosexuality 

‘Y ’know, you never know.’” And, attributed to an American general 

 during the Korean War, ‘heir will in addition lo 
“ Our firepower will have killing them 

 a tre m e n d o u s im p a ct on i 

No area is immune from Newman’s probing 

 abc INTERSTATE 

WONDER 2 
BlanJt'leM Ifcspyiflf (tty • 13? Il8?f 
Peter Sellers 
‘Where Does 
It Hurt?” 

 where ^ l3sW. 

LAST 5 D A Y S 
T H 
H 
M I I I I I I I I T T T T T C 

,y=Jwhen o n iy ^ th e v e r y b e st w ill d o 
FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON.-TUES. 
EVENING 

T U R T L E C R E E K presen ts 

T H E 
T O M M Y 
S A N D S 
R E V IE W 
One Nile Only - June 17 
Showtime 8:oo pm 
Tickets $7.5o 
Buffet Begins at 5:3o pm 

COMING ATTRACTION 
REDD FOXX 
One Nite Only -- June 29 
Showtime 7:3o & 1o:3o pm Tickets $15.oo 
Call 696-5boo for reservations and ask about our Celebrity Social Membership 

383o P A R K D A L E / !IO to Wurzbach. left to Data Point to Parkdale. 

TROUT A M A N D IN E 

• 

RED SNAPPER 

IMPERIAL 

BAHM CU. 

RESTAURANT & BAR 

512 / 826-2371 
1o39 N E. L O O P ti 1o 
BANQUET and 
PARTY FACILITIES 
16 • 16o 

RIB EYE 

• 

FILET 

M AR G AR ITAS 

$ 1 - o o 

AU ENTREES 
INCLUDE SALAD, 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 

LUNCH l l 3o A M. 
DINNER 5 OO P M. 

 into the misuse cf lan­ guage ail contribute their horrible examples of 

English as she, unfortunately, is spoke in contemporary America. 

$3.99 
ALL YOU CAN EAT 
ROAST BEEF 
Every Sunday starting at 5 P.M . 

Savor our juicy, tender roast beef, garden fresh salad, bread and but­ ter, mashed potatoes, and green beans, and eat to your heart’s con­ tent! 

3 2 3 9 H arry W urzbach 
Road at Austin Hw y. 

Tel. 8 2 4 -44 4 4 

Closed M ondays 

C h ild 's plate $ 1 .9 9 

 a ll he can e a t 

Regular menu availab le 
UNDER NEW M ANAGEM ENT 

 c i n e m a t h e a t r e s 

 pmLhSSm m b m 
LTS MV NfW 
WILDERNESS ADVENTURE/ 

R a c e 
For Your Life, 
Charlie Brawn Iii 

1:oo-2:35-4; 15-5:5o-7:4o-9:2o 
N O R T H S T A R 
________3 4 2 -9 3 o 4 _______ 

Burt Reynolds Jackie Gleason 

12:2o-2: 15-4 : 15-6: 1o-8:o5-1o:oo 

CUNT EASTWOOD IS DOTY HARRY 

T U C g A R y x r V A e n 
12:45-2:35-4:75 
I H K B r t K C J K V ^ K K |Hj 
6:15-8:o5-9:55 
MCCRELESS 
___________ S 3 3 - Q 4 3 I 
_______ 

THE O THER SID E O F THE 
M O U N T A IN ” j (pgjJ ! £ 
S £ 
^ 

M o . g a in s ti.OO A lB H O W S A T A L L T IM iS I 

A brand new m ovie starring Am erica’s most huggable hero. 

InaLxnG- 
G D F 

A fa n n y N m 

 b y Jo e Cam p 

A motion picture of laughter and love told through the eyes of the most expressive face in dogdom. 

FROM MULBERRY SQUARE PRODUCTIONS 

I n ! • f • I a I rn ■ " 
o K 2 S 2 E M 
{tty m III? 

? JO 1:oo 4:4o 1:1o 1:oo* NS 
U K AM MA IW K 
NON-LAI. 
NI J pa 

S W Mil Dr or IM IS Ie 
9?4-^3t 

*?:»• 1:1o 4:18 4:1ft 

1:1o 1o:1o 
UfOAM MATUK DAKT 
TOO TMA TU CAFAOTY lit mfOtMANO ONLY 

‘What we have here is a total lack of respect for the law !” 

 yr d r * 

C O U PO N 

I 
I 
I 
3 
o w 
1 

A NEW AND BETTER 
SANDWICH IN TOWN! 

 f 
’k te J c b fa q m c a d * . - 

FOOD SERVICES 
I 
O' OFF 

Callaghan - 
Twin 
: 

441? Callaghan 

434-4411 

- Westwood 
; V Twin 
74J7 S.W Mil. 
4 M -1 3 7 1 

♦I 2o N.to-Perrin 

456-3434 

CLINT EASTWOOD IS DIRTY HARRY 

THE ENFORCER 

SHOWTIMES: 1:oo-?:4o-4:2o-6:oo-7:4o-9:15 

C3ll.1gh.1n toe 

Twin 

456-3454 

They run on b lo o d . 

S H O W S P T t -.oo-2:4o 
4.2 o - 6 :o o 
7 :4o-9: TS 

T H E C J b R ^ ^ M 
EAT PEO P LE 

FROM NEW LINE CINEMA 

The best-setting ht**k from Peter BemMey, the author of “Jaws” mna becomes the tnt ksh exciting movie acFvewwe of the sumpter! 

Is anything worth the terror of 

* J ' 
• v v . 
• 
7 
. >* *' ".•* 

T 
H 
E 
M 

T 
1 

■N • A / D 
' - 

.‘J. ’ ’ 7'A;CpiumDia E^hPfe^enDh^ V 
// 
7..• •; TheClsablanca Filh#^.^rpdudioh ’ _ ' ‘ w 
A P^iet, Tales rum 
. 
I 

R O BERT SHAW 
JA C Q U ELIN E B IS S E T 4 NICK NOLTE 

* . ‘ THE D E E P ’' LO U IS GOSSETT arte E L I WALLACH 
| 
/ 
Based on the' novel: by Peter Beachie/ .. • 
: / ■ 
^ Screenplay by Peter Benchiey and. Tracy K^nan lim .., 
Si- ‘Produced by Peter Guber • Directed by Peter vat'es '• f 
Music by John Barry j T \ 

Starts Friday, June 17 
NORTHWEST SIX—CENTURY SOUTH 
UA CINE CINCO 

AN Y SANDWICH 

REDEEMABLE AT ANY CIRCLE K FOOD STORE. I 
COUPON PER CUSTOMER EXPIRES JUNE 3oTH. 

Burt Reynolds 
“ Smokey AWD THC Bandit** 
Sally Field Je rry Beedi 
Jackie Gleason [ .k betwit BuVd I .iuiHe~l 

Scietnpfdv by JAMES LLL 8 A R R LI T and C H A H ltS SH vtR 

S a l a n MANDEL 
Story by HAL NEEDHAM fi ROBERT L LEVY 

Music bv B ill JUSTIS and JERRY REED 
Directed by HAL NEEDHAM 

R'OOuced by MORT ENuELBERO •.. 
•.. .- 

A BASTAR Production 
A UNIVERSAL Picture • Technicolor* 

...... 

NOKTH STAR 
BA R . 
1 2:2 o -2 :15 -4:15 
M AT. 
6 :1 o -8 :o 5 - 1o:oo 
DAILY 

U A M O V IE S 4 

1:o 5 -3 :1 o -5:15 
7 :2 o -9:2 5 

SPECIAL PURCHASE! 
We made a giant buy on extra good, extra tender filet mignon. Clip this coupon! 

Two Filet Mignon 
Platters 

CUP THIS COUPON and live a little! Two filet mignon platters include your choice of baked potato or French fries and Siz­ 

 zler toast, too! 

GOOD AT ALI SIZZLERS IN 
• SAN ANTONIO a NEW BRAUNFELS 
AUSTIN 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

 k 
# AU5T,f>l 
DA,LY 11A M ’1o P M* 

OVERNIGHT 

"ANNIE HALL" 

CAPTURED 

THE 

HEARTS OF 

AMERICA. 

"ANNIE HALL" 

IS NOW 

THE BIGGEST 

HIT IN 

SAN 

ANTONIO 

WOODY 
ALLEN 
DIANE 
KEATON 

A N N IE H A LL 

A nervous rom ance. 

JP G ! PA fi ENTA L GUIOAN CFSUGGESTED 

N O K I H W K I I u t 

WINDSOR PARR MAH 

 m ll Bt 
4l$oM 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo- 8:oo- 1o:oo 
1:4o-3:4o-5:4o 
7:4o-9:4o 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

*38 

 per person, double occupancy. 
Plus airfare. 
Monterrey 
3 days/2 nights, from 

Now you can have the best of both worlds. All the charm, color and sunshine of Mexico. And all the comfort and economy of a Holiday Inn. Because we’ve just put together a group of sensational low-cost tours to all the most popular resorts in Mexico. To Acapulco. Guadalajara. Mazatlan. 
Mexico City. Monterrey, Puerto Vallarta. And Taxco. And on each of these tours, you get a deluxe room at the Holiday Inn, daily breakfasts, free nightclub admission, welcome cocktails, and lots more. All for the best price going. So see your travel agent. Or call Mexicana. Or send this coupon. 
And get set for the best vacation going. 

Mexicana Airlines, 431 St. Marys, San Antonio, TX 782o5. 
I’d like to get going myself. Tell me more about your tours. 
□ To Acapulco—from $53 
□ Guadalajara — from $38 
□ Mexico City — from $4o 
□ Monterrey — from $38 
□ Taxco — from $29 

□ Mazatlan — from $41 
□ Puerto Vallarta — from $39 

♦All prices listed are for 3 days/2 nights per person, double occupancy. 
All tours available in any length you like. Airfare not included. 

Name. 

City — 

.Address- 

.State/Zip. 
.Phone. 

My travel agent is. 

 m exican* 

We’ve got the best tours 

\ 
V 

In 1971, William Friedki 
It received 5 Academy A w a r d s ! ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

Sin™ 'I T 
: h e * teCted “ThG EX° rCiSt: * history. 
9 has spent over two years in f 
«■ three « * * * crea,,'™, J 
L e * " ,f e COU"trtes 

 unusual adventure 
,|K. realm 

A 

 i t , < 
FILM 

•I) w i l l 
I ll: 
1 
' I I I 
M l l 
M 

'l I i i III' 

I 

 l l 
! 
I , 
Im 

H i 

 ii •!. 
' " t i l I 
III1 

 l f i i ' 

 h i ! I I I I ! 
' " t x 
I 
....... 

""llllllllll/lllll, 

’'" W llm ir n ,, 

 ami’ 

 m 
I m : " ' . : -#'li i l l ' 
. 
, i|| 
F '"ii 
“lim 

"I' 
1 
Alh I*,. iii ■■ , iii ; M 

 i i . 
‘I 
U'IHmi. 
,1 
J* V 
* nil ’Ii% mn 

I#' 

■t j 

1 SP P * zvmMnmrn*, mmllZ h III 

Bruno 
• ROY SCHEIDER 
Produclion Design JOHN BOX S 
I 
BABAI, AMID! ii -RAMI in BfFRj 
Music by TANGERINE 
W . Associate Producer BUD SMITH 
Erected and Produced by WILLIAM FRIEDEN A Pal 
^ 
Arnaud 
' ®i^*IOI»«aSlttiSraijH OUn< l"V,rSal B*as» nm,,,,,. 
— iS*L > “ !!J!oL jO llh«l( IQB~PBnpii^ 7 g j C"""I"KT‘ 
„ L. „ o r .. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
M u s ic <*oes o u t f o r s u m m e r 

With summer coming to San Antonio, a lot of the city’s musical action is moving outdoors. 
Every 
Wednesday night during the summer various Tex-Mex rock hands will be playing in 
La Villita’s Plaza Nuevo. 
This Wednesday Mon­ 

 santo and (anda will be playing from 8 p.m. to 
12:3o a.rn. Monsanto re­ cently had a hit with a remake of the big band classic “ In The Mood.” 
Tickets for the dance are $5 per couple and $3 for individuals. 
This weekend the Little 

Hut Club, at 325o E. 
Commerce St., will pre­ sent rhythm and blues singer Z. Z. Hill Friday and Saturday night. 
Tickets are $4 for the performances. 
The exotic sounds of the Middle Eastern oud will be heard Friday and 

N O W S H O W IN G ! 

FOX 

CENTRAL PARK 
I 2 :o o -2 :o o -4 :o o 
6:oo-8:QQ:1,gipO 

UA 

MOVIES 4 
1 2 :3 o -2 :4 5 -5 :o o 
7:1 5 -9 :3 o - 

UA 

CINE CINCO 
1 2 :3 o -2 :4 5 -5 :o o 
7 :1 5 -9 :3 o 

A SHERRILL C CORWIN Production' VIVA KNIEVEL!” 

Starring EVEL KNIEVEL GENE KELLY 

LAUREN HUTTON RED BUTTONS 

Co Slurring LESLIE NIELSEN arid ERIC OLSON CAMERON MITCHELL ALBER! SALMI And MARJOE GORTNER as Jessie 

Produced by SIAN HOUGH • Directed by GORDON DOUGLAS • Executive Producer SHERRILL C CORWIN 

Screenplay by ANTONIO SANTILLAN and NORMAN KATKOV • Story bv ANTONIO SANTILLAN technicolor" Panavision "•> Distributed by Warner Bros © A Warner Communications Company PG 
•r* vmm tuuumo 

Saturday at the 
St. 
George Marenite Catho­ lic Church when the Le­ banese community puts on its “ Magic is the 
Night” celebration. 
Belly dancers will be 
Lo i be rnusie 
* 

 made by the mids as on­ lookers stuff down a large variety of Lebanese food. 

Tickets to the event arc 
SKI and are available at 
Karam’s rostauarants. 

NEW LAUREL 
M I O S A N P fc D B O • 7 3 6 -4 S S I 

 m ik l& k ' 

D A I L Y 
12 4o-3 OO SM 
7 4o-1o O O P M 
N O B A R . M A T . 

 ftlKil&iV A A TIMO I' 

NEXT ATTRACTION • NEW LAUREL 
N EW YORK N EW YORK 
EXCLUSIVE 

TSfth 
SMASH 
WIEK! 
# 1 H I T 

M 
O V I E 
# 1 H I T 

S O U N D 
TRACK! 

■ I m , 
- 
' 
" 
‘KENNEDY'S CHILDREN' stars Michael 
Scu dday, C h an tal W e ste rm a n and 
M a rk M o m b e rge r in D allas Theater 
Center show opening at Trinity Uni­ versity. 
S. A 
. Theater 

The Dallas Theater Center is coming to San 
Antonio this week to open a production of Kennedy’s 
Children at Trinity University. 

A C A D EM Y AW ARD W IN NER 
BESTPICTURE 
», WWIN WIN.lf » and .Oat XT CH.WTOM 
BEST 
DIRECTOR 
JOHNS AVII DSC N 
ST f i l m 
J E EDITIN G 
I 
M B C M X 

The play, which is a series of monologs by characters in a bar, traces the disilusionment and confusion that struck 
American society in the 
196os. It opens Thursday for a two-week run. 
The play is one of se­ veral running in San An­ tonio this week. 

At Theater San Antonio the Woody Allen comedy 
Don’t Drink the Water opened this weekend. 
The play, directed by 
Je rry Pollock, is about an American family of tourists accused of spy­ ing in a communist 

M AN TH E LAFFBOATSI 

 country. There is a ma­ tinee today. 

The Henrik Ibsen dra­ ma Ghosts will go into its second week of pro­ duction this week at the 
Church Theater. The play, considered a mo­ dern classic, is about the deterioration of a family. 
It is presented Tuesday through Saturday with a buffet and in a Sunday matinee with cheese and wine. 
Revue 
At San Antonio’s other dinner theater, 
The 
Harlequin 
Dinner 
Theater, a musical revue, 
The Harlequin 
Revue, is being present­ ed Wednesday through 
Saturday nights. It fea­ tures popular songs and 
Marx Bros. skits. 
The 
Blackguard of 
Blackrock continuers at 
Melodrama Theater. The show is a traditional me­ lodrama performed with the theater’s popular zest satire and spoof. Perfor­ mances are 
Friday through Sunday nights. 
A children’s show, The 
Wind in the Willows, continues at the San An­ tonio Fine Arts Center. 
The play is presented at 2 p.m. each 
Saturday. 
Group rates are availa­ ble. 
STARLIT* ggg 
;?• -t: I Hi mr:* lUMUi WI mtHjj-fi rVa-^ IH U H rORCIR 'K , 
"CUNT EASTWOOD 
\ i ® | J| V M IST Y v 

% ' , jimkicurn-w» m . k 

JOIN TMK UA OO UDEN AOK 
4 
(AO o« ovn) CLUB. 

♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦OOOOAOOOOOOOOAAOAOAOAoo4 v 
4 
•C harging...H oaiiing...lBreathingFire and H e ll... 
•THE W HITE EARTHQ UAKE IS HERE!] 

♦♦♦♦A 
♦ 
♦♦ 
♦ 
A 

I 

♦♦* 
AI ♦♦ 
A ♦6 I$♦♦♦♦I 
* 
♦I 
♦ 
A i,♦ 
A 
: 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A ♦ 
♦ 
A 
A 
A 
A A 
A 
A 
A 
A A 
X 
UNO Lit LAUHIXTIIS pi«i*iiu 
♦CHARLES BRONSON ..."THE WHITE BUFFALO 
. JACK WARDEN • WILL SAMPSON 
♦ uiv stan.r.jCUNT WALKER • SLIM PICKENS • STU ART WHI TM AN • ,IBj KIM NOVAK 
A s. MrniAiy I v BJ. KAHL. :>A1J ti..it. his novel Th • Ah,I, B .no: . line. 
:.y I til THOMPSON • Pi «l. 
• PGjWWliMUilCi SUS6£jItfli 

J I----------SI ARTS FRIDAY—FiR&T SAN ANTONIO SHOWING 
* 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 

J— 
„ 
_______ 
I 
W IN D SO R WAR* MALL f&S9B232 * 

J 
1:45-4:25-7:35-9:45 

J i t c o u l d b e ,4 
J t o m o r r o w ! im 

% “BLACK t 

Mi icuin runty 

= 5o-4:25-7:oo-9:35 

 f Ojjl THE SONGS, AND 
THE IDEAS OF 
\ TODAY SEE... 

STREISAND 
^ "MT'* N». 
I SUNDAY” 
P KilHfOtKRSON 

SPECIAL SUNDAY FEATURE 

O 
I U 
H 
E 
R r 

OPEN FROM 5 P.M. 

 includes our 
Soup & Salad 
Bar and 
Baked Potato r n 

(special price 
Sunday only — regular m enu price - $7.95) 

O P E N FR O M 5 P M 

111 N.W Loop • San Antonio 
Phone: 349-24o7 

******* 

COMTWUOUS SHOWS l l roo AJA. I 
Puss9s&\i* I Ileal t ex 

 rn* t&A*' 
TMI WUST MU KC* **CVT 4» *tT M M S 

KBWY 11:oo- 
1:3o- 
4:oo-4 :3o- 
9:1o f S o m e t h i n * re re iv t e e n In 
K N M * a 

 p o m ie re e l e e n e u e litv 
12:3o- a n d e e d u c tlv c n e s a . T h e 
3:oo-5:3o- 

F C h • r i l e * Ars g e l •' o f p o m ” 

 i i 
® 
I 
OF EKDURBON STREET W 
I 
PLUS 
“SS SHE. . . 
JENNIFER’ PO 

HELD 
OVER! 
14*4tiM4o 

 m o l „ < i n t i t i K | U 
M I S H J 
W I IJfclS-lrAC 
MARILYN CHAMBERS IN 
MHN) lit ^ G R f e t N D O O R , with johnnie keyes co-hit v 
(X) 

 new m jo JD i 
J \ BB M om * w a orc roms */.&e 
I ^eel 
T M I ATHESOF SANANTONIO 
*— 
M O V 8E O N E PRESENTS 
“ SUPER S U M M m C IN EM A ’7 7 ” 
K ID S $ 1 .OO A L W A Y S A D U L T S $ 1 -OO U N T IL 
_ j 5 : o o A FT E R 5 : o o 6 1 . 5 o (E X C E P T C O L O N I E S ) * * ^ 
TEXAS 

•H IO a* W unfceili la it 
AAA IA H 
I 53 I NOW)«or> t> 
IS ? i J 3» 
DAY 12:oo-3:3o-7:oo-1o:15 h .oo twits 
DAY 12 OO 3 3o-7:oo-1o:15 
G tlZZlYJ =45-5:15-8:45 
* '« • « « 
GRIZZLY 1:45-5:15-8:45 

N O W IT S T H E '* TOUN! 
M 

- / 
A 
W 
L 
P L U S 
CHRISTOPHER GCORGE 
(.INOA DAY GEORGE 
J3BZZC1 

" I 
•‘ .' N 
I I I U M 
SHADOWS 1:45- 
< 
A L L N E W F IR S T R U N s,is-M 5 rtstrtA^jT 
IN S A N A N T O N IO ! 
THE HOUSE 
BY THE KAKE 
— — 
■ — 
® 
A M E R IC A N IN T E RN A T IO N A L B t Lf ASE 

BRENDA VACCARO 

AN A M E R IC A N IN T E R N A T IO N A L R C I I A SE 

PLUSTUART f i t STRANGE 

WHITMAN 

DON STROUD 

IN JEN 

J O H N i 

S A X O N 
|K 
‘ .EMPTY ROOM 
; L” i 
AN AMHli AN .NUANAI.ONAI Hf.fASf 

 ll (JNIVKRSAI 

C l i t 
T 
W 
I N 

HT w is n OO-3 ac 

A.oo-rco 

(UN I M 5:oo.o:oo 
WALT DISNEY 
PRODUCTIONS i\ o DEPOSIT 
M I RETURN 
^ 
PLUS 
“ RUN APPALOOSA RUN” (G) 

OTO * » e d * r t < f c u id 

12:oo-2:oo- 
4:oo-4 :oo- 
1:oo-1o:oo 

< 

 c o m i u 
~ 

“ * • 
GODZILLA IN A 
FIGHT TO THE v, 
BIONIC 
. 
M O H snft s a ? 

R 
T G I 
DOUBLE! 

C H A R IES Bm m O N 
'TEE W HITE BUFFALO 

I by IAN* HO K' )HNCH 
Artists 

AZTiC-3 a GINI CINCO 
NORTHWEST SIX a MoVIIS4 
CAPITAN DR. IN. a SAN PEDRO DR. IN. 

J 

^oom m m **tMWMV^KpamnmignMnrelMqapnj*U|m«nMnMMNnmppWMIU>"at 
(Q w T M C n 
11 - 
I 

$ 
- - 
J 
^ IV 

S t IS 
*»u*W TK 
2 OC * M 
«Vt»V OAT 

M I* **« AU DAT 
ACtO S* 5 » t f 
SAT SU* WtfAOATf 
**T(t» 5 JO » Al 
ALAMO A A M O-AtAGf 

M A R Y M ARTIN 
. . . \oice back 

 far and writing hor memoirs, recently re­ turned to New York for a one-performance charity gig in tandem with one of her famous showbiz friends. Ethel Merman. 
Will power 

Deciding to do that show took a lot of will power "because I hadn’t sung for four years.” She means that literally. 
“ Coming back was al­ most traum atic.” she says, recalling her de­ spondency over the death of her husband-manager, 
Richard Halliday in 1973. 
They were together 32 years. 
“ He was always there, and this was my first work moment without him. I thought it was a psychosomatic thing, the voice, and I ’ve never been that way. 
“ I’ve always been able lo say I can do it no mut­ ter what, but during that time I just couldn’t sing, hot hum, nothing. 
I didn’t want to. Not even ut home, not a sound.” 
“ And finally I said 
‘This is just foolishness.’ 
Iv e never been afraid, 
I ve hit lots of walls and many pits and I've never been afraid. But I was 
Afraid. I ve been nervous before, never afraid." 
Right moment 

Doing a show to benefit the theater-music collec­ tion of the Museum of the 
City of New York was suggested last 
Sep­ tember, which turned out to be the psychologically right moment. 
" I felt. ‘Well, there’s no other u ay to conquer it. just say yes and that's it.” 
At about the same time, Miss Martin had a polyp removed from her 
\ocal cords and “ now everything vibrates again properly” with re­ turn to the higher vocal range of youth. 
“ After performing all those years, the voice got lower and lower,” says the star who made her first public appearance on stage at age 5 in 
Weatherford. Texas. 
She vows to take better care of the pipes her­ eafter and “ not belt the way I did... that crowing in ‘Peter Pan’ is what screwed it up.” Reviving that show or any of her other hits has been ruled out by the 63-year-old performer. 
"I don’t want to do an­ ything that I have ever done. The only reason I ’d do something would be that it was a challenge and stimulating to the trifid.” 
* 

$ 1 .2 5 TILL 2:oo P.M . 
"LAKE" ll 2o-J SO-* 25 to OO 
"KOON" ti ss-4 2s«oo 

BR I NDA VACCARO • DON STROUD] 
PIUS 

ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK! 

^iw^lMPTy 
V STUART WHITMAN * JOHN SAXON • MARTIN LANDAU V 

Son Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Sunday June 5 I 9 7 7 
Page 
P H 
Mary j 
Martin back again 

Bv W ILLIAM G LO V E R 
AP Drama Writer 
N EW YO RK (A P ) - 
Marx Martin, still as perky as Peter Pan and u> bouncy as Nellie Bur­ bush. is sure of one thing. 
“ I would never say I was retiring, because everybody comes back a g ai n and again and again and does someth­ ing.” 
But will she return to 
Broadway for a musical comedy run? 

“ I’m going to have to decide one way or the other,’’ comes the cau­ tious reply. “ I can't keep on saying ‘no’ or ‘maybe’ to people all the time 
Ijecause that becomes a bore.” 

Well-founded rumor has it that a couple of projects are under con­ sideration from the hundred or so bids that have come in from the media since the ebullient songstress left, in 1968, the street she dazzled for three decades. 

Miss 
M artin, busy since recovery from private sorrow, traveling 

WHAT’S SHOWING m m m m 
TMI A tit A 

[i 

$1.25 TILL 2 oo P M 
MEGAION T T 2o-2 25-5:3o-8:35 
BIONIC MONSTER ' 12 45-3:5o-«:55-IO OO 

* sa Tm MIGHTY GODHUA rn mo a AHT M om . . 
. Tm M TW AT! BATTU} 

MEATCLEAVER 
MASSACRE 
Four crazed killers butchered his Wife, Son aud Daughter. 
From his hospital deathbed he called upon the POWKR OF* 
THE OCCULT for Revenge 
And he got it, he REALLY got it 

"...a real sizzler 
...erotic and 

 suspenseful..." 

 w m m am c n im 
SIB THET DG TG TSO* rn m m n m rn n m 
" f l i p 
Bom a cmos 

ISOM 
“ CHAINS" 
11.oo-2:15-5:3o-8:45 
"M A S S A C R E " 
V 
12:3o-3:45-7:oo-1o:1o 

— -TTWIlTlirtflTrill— 111 IIIWHIT 
I III I minimi 

"MASSACRE" 9oo-11:5o 
"CHAINS" 1o:4o a 

NORTHW EST SIX 

P U M P IN G IRON 

SU PER B U G 

THI W IW G N I 

G O M A T H ffe i 

G O D TA T H I i ll 

ANNIE H A U 

CENTURY SOI a 

FOR TH I 

LO V E OF SEN JI 

RAC! FOR YOUR 
LIFE CHARLIE BROWN 

SU PER BU G 

THE W ILD O N I 

Y O U N G 

FR A N K EN STE IN 

THE STING 

THE G R EATEST 

G O D ZILLA V S . THI 

BIO NIC M O N ST ER 
OAT OF THE ANIM ALS' 
"GRIZZLY" 

S A N PEDRO m w o u * 
LOGAN'S RUN 

M ISSIO N ~ 
NETWORK 
LOGAN $ RUN 
' ttR H u v n fir 
BtdNK MONiTft 
CRiATVeSS THI 
W ID FO!cot 

SILVIS STREAK 
MOTHER, 
JUGS A SPIED 

DAY Of THE ANIMALS 
GRIZZLY 
TOW N TWIN 
I 

MEAT CLEAVER MASSACSi 
MANSION OF THI DOO M il 
VARSITY 
I YOUNG LADY CHAT7IRIY 
ONCE DRON A GIRL 
SILVER STREAK 
MOTHER, JOGS & SPEED 

VALLEY HI 
NETWORK 
LOGAN SOUN 

TRAIL 
I 
ONCE UPON A GIRL 
YOUNG IADVCHATTIRLY 

FRED. R O A D 
\ 
DAY OF THI ANIMALS 
L 
_ M !m i 

LA C K LA N D 
ABIGAIL LESLIE 5 BACA IM TOWN 
SEX O D YSSEY 
S IE A Z Y RIDER 

 bargain *»•> «#• o«.'v for rt»#<s*,» 
*•**##It? far fir*I petterm on** • «*'? t o O t lM W IlV l i t 
GOOF ATHER I It SOO 3o 
GOOF A lH lg ll 3 SS 9 35 
NOW for the first time at the sam e time 

Th* Northwest Six Theatre it pleated re ha** been selected >y For amount fccfuret re present THI GODFATHERS I 
A 4 together for th* brit tim* in on et dust?* limited engagement 

* \ * 

The beginning.., 
...and the end. 

 i 'm 

’ 
% 
5- 
V V 

Best 

A 

.Picture 
A Vs, ’ 
< ' of the l l■ i 
Year l l 

 obJ> 
■MTBRL' 

MARION BRANDO Al PACINO JAMB CANN 
• RICHARD CASTELLANO ROBERT DUVALL DIANE KEATON (R ) 

. 'H M M fttyii 
. 
'• 
Rest 
X m m ' 
J - V 
Picture »s- 

. I k 
# 
' i aik anms 

Al PACINO ROBERT DUVALL DIANE KEATON ROBERT DENIRO 

"• [HS 
®or- I:mdi 
Mo*. 

 c — 
. 
Bargain Mat-nee 
Daily for Theatre capacity for fir*! pertormane* only. 

R d 
K 
I i l l f fed 
IO! IN 
NJ 
12:oo-2 oo-4 oo 

*. ( U U U . 
X M M I 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

“ M U H A M M A D ALI PLA YS HIMSELF SO 
WELL AND WITH SUCH ZEST ... HE MIGHT 
JUST FIND HIMSELF IN ANOTHER KIND OF 
COMPETITION FOR A N O SCA R ." 
— LOS ANGELES TIMES 

OLM O! 
4 IO* 
#»*ro 

N o 
So. 
Adm. til ne* 
TRH. 

’T H I: W I / H U I 
O I OZ.” 
JUDY GARLAND 
12:1o-4:o5 8 oo 
"MEET ME IN 
ST. LOUIS" 
1 55 5.5o 9 45 

“ GASLIGHT" 
“ MUTINY ON THI BOUNTY 

CICI" ' BANDWAGON 

Bargain Matin** I) 
Dally far Th*etr* L capacity for first a* p*rforman<* only.* 
.«t**tc, 

M O K ! H W I IV lit 
I? OO ? OO 
4 oo-6 oo 
8 OO 1o oo 

THIS MOVIE HAS HEART. SOUL, Bl OOD. 
GUTS. PEHSPIHA TION AND Pl E NT Y OE 
M USCLE.-LIZ SMITH COSMOPOLITAN 
Pumping 
Iron 
STARRING ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER 
(PG) 

I D I IM 
I t a Md *. M M * * * . 
I H 
. I I I 
U N (KOKO 
TllPll IC BKN OUTDOOR 

ANIMA*) 
2 2o-6 o5 9 SO 
GRIZZLY -12 3o-4 t i « OO 
'* *** * »■"* - *-* 
*»• >• * 
11111111 
ANIM Al 
A V> : .* /a 
■ ■ ■ I 
GRI; ZIV loss 
H 
| 
NOW u s IHI SR 

 m W im t u r n crrn Bilk 

H a r t t n t (Ar c * to h o e en th * 
DAY OF THE 
ANIMALS 
^C H R ISTO PH ER GEORGE y 
LESLIE NIELSEN _ j 

PLUS 
MI Net af yd-oea tining. mea-*ellng tar rad 
ABBt 
- S B B - war 
‘ 
•mm)' 

Bargain M atin** 
Daily for Theatre capacity for firs* performance only. 

M 
O U M 
W 
I I I lit 
1 15 i r x 
5:35 7 45 
9:55 

/ 
A COLUMBIA LMI x 
P'PW"t*t ,r 

 s 
MUHAMMAD AU 
THC GRfATCSr 
A JOHN MARSH AIL PRODUCTION 
LRNCST BORGNNE • JOHN MARIT v-LLOYD MAYNES w , f. » e. ROBERT DUVAL! -DAVID miOOttSTON • BEN JOHNSON 
JAMES EARL JONES-DINA MERRILL• BOGERE MOSLlr-PAUL WINfltLO 
A - ANNAZETTE CHASE-MIRA WATERS 
RINOlAflONEfl Jr 
I., 6 ..VV AH v- SAH r. MUHAMMAD All-HERBERT MUHAMMAD*. 
RICHARD DURHAM P'ftStu Rd tv JOHN MARSH Alt ■ 6, TOM GRIES m„w c, MICHAEL MASSER 
, . mm 
(. . -’ ,r r p .r ;* .r - nc—t 

ABIGAIL: 1:55-1:1o 
SIX: 1o5o 
SLEAZY: 11:5o l A C K I A N D 
O U T D O O R T N I A TRI 

ABIGAIL LESLIE IS BACK IN TOWN ' (X) 
" S I X O D Y E S S E Y ” (X) 
" S L E A Z Y R ID ER ” (X) 

 f t t it///tt f7) t/ 

MARTY THOMAN 

PETER BOYLEI 

> 
I O 
X S T i : i 5 

 l l H I T . * * 
SI n 
Rim 

1 A M I E K I O 
T R t m U R i l h O U T D O O R r n tee** Rede# •* •*♦»#** Bd 
4** IGI* laM tf •« Who* I t At* 
**! Ult* 
SILVER 8:55-12:4o 
MOTHER 11:o5 

**!•*• CIM* ut* 

S I L V E R S T R E R M K 
»y j u t .V a l f f t 
Y r 
* v a s . ‘ v S r S v 
O 
* 

I K H . R O A D 
O U T O O O . T H I M M 
H 
A I ! 
O U T D O O R r MI A f R 
Sh 

(,.4 44 V* .HM..IO r 14114 J 
*1 M4 IM .. 
4*4 4444 
YOUNG—8:55-12:3o—GIRL 1o55 

Pius "p u g BROM A c m (X ) 

Wa »adr* ms »m«r. Sd 
34 2* 

■limit 
NETWORK 1:55 115 litimi_______________________ 
LOGANS ll IS 
1IL.I.II.I — 

WINNER OF 4 ACADEMY* FARRAH FAWCETT- 
AWARDS BEST ACTOR 
MAJORS 

NIIIIOW 
I W I N O U T O O O * TMI A T I * 

Y A U K I H I 
O U T D O O R T H IA T R I 

BEST ACTRESS 
MICHAEL YORK 

« 
* 
« 
. 
“ 
. T a s s 

B E S B H ' 
MEAT •:$$-»: IS 

MANSION IO 45 
*•«.,. 
• NMM 4 I 41. 
Mi ll* 
* 
CHRISTOPHER LEE 
♦ 
3k 
TOU* CSAZY A(UHS •UrCHtRH) MIS Wlff 
SON AND DAUGHTER, FROM HIS HOSA! I At 
MAT HMD Mf CALLID DRON IHE ROWER Of 
THI OCCUll TOR REVENGE . 
"MEAT CLEAVER 
MASSACRE" » 

PLU S "MISSION OF THI DOOMED" 

\ 

3 OF THE HOTTEST HITS OF THE SUMMER—COMING EXCLUSIVELY TO NORTHWEST SIX AND CENTURY SOUTH! 

 m u m m e r 

OUT OF 
THE SKY COMES 
THE SCREEN'S 
MOST INCREDIBLE 
SPECTACLE OF 
MEN AND WAR! 

Imcpli Ii. Lew inc 
A BRIDGE TCX) FAR 

 hrNt ptll I ca un 
. 

 a im i ix .i 
ICX) VAH 
9kft»fXf no wop'* 
Dick lUtgaixlc bt it ics ( aa it iVlidutclCaiiFC 
Senti (iAHinciy 
111 want Lox 
I illkrtl Ci ot i Id 
(.enc I lack null) 
AntlMHiy I lojdiinv 
I InixJy K niger 
I Jiu m K c (X i vier 
Ryan O ’Neal 
Sobeit Kedfotv) iYI«'ixiinilian Svliell 
I iv lllliiutni) 
F tom Ihe bfjfth by 
( in m ints Ryan 
St T*»e*tof4y by 
William Ckddiium 
P*cid«t-«d by h^icpli I I wine 
KKlunl I! I wine 
D*:#ci»»'1 by 
KidMnd rXltenhunMigh 
Muw uxnooMKl .mtConduciM tit inhn rUldison 

Screenplay by RICHARD LEVINSON & WILLIAM LINK-Story by SANFORD SHELDON and RICHARD LEVINSON & WILLIAM LINK 

Music by LALO SCHIFRIN*Directed by JAM ES GOLDSTONE*Produced by JENNINGS LANG 
A UNIVERSAL PICTURE •TECHNICOLOR^PANAVISION* I Original sound track available enclusiveiy on WHA Records & Tapes] 
PG I MUMM GUIDANCE SUGGESTED -sH 
Sal iflitiMi hbc w6i ti an>g!~ '(* M 'Iim JCI 

NORTHWEST 
.Th * ' ' " 

*M IO of loop 41o off CoMoghoa flit 
3* 9 6234 

STA R TIN G THIS F R ID A Y — JU N E IO 
EXCLUSIVE! m a r a mtm " : v 
; 

S W M il. Or. a t IM a s So. 
9 2 4 -6 5 3 1 

•>*> 
The Exorcist, Part II "THE HERETIC 
Linda Blair * Richard Burton • louise Fletcher • Max Von Sydow • James Earl Jones 
Coming Friday, June 17 Exclusively to Northw est Six and Century South! 

PG'PMEXNl.SUIDAna SueSESTTO 
. 
. o«KSiN4>. MOTION P «ru af SOV-tKOTPAC* 4,.ai:U ANo1 
455,1 
L ,A P t A V * M S l.f OM UNITED * 4 T i-,rS I 
B t COBOS I T 
United Artists 
A Tfannaineric J Company 
STARTS WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15 

 isaaw n m ii a W M 
EXCLUSIVE! j l s l ^ f e M a 
M O E ! N W I t i lit 

 rn I* rn im# 4i« ^1 r g . p . . im w a im 
S W KW O f «• IH J S 5« 
9 i « b l i \ 
T 

He's special and it's Father's Day, so you choose the 

 ultimate in personal gifts . . . a cool, easy-care polyes­ 

 ter/cotton long or short sleeved Arrow shirt in 

 blue, tan, grey or white solids or tone on tone and then you show 

 how unique he is . . . and have it monogrammed, free, Available in 

 sizes 14’/2 to 17’/2.3 convenient ways to order: By mail until June 8: in person 

 daily during regular store 

 hours at all 3 locations in our 

 men's furnishings department; 

 or use our free monogram 

 early-shoppers' service at 

Central Park, Mon. thru Wed. 

June 6-8 or at Windsor Park, 

Thur. thru Sat., June 9-11 Allow 

5 days for completion. 

 short long 
Color sleeve sleeve 
White 
1o.5o 
12.5o 
White on White 
12.5o 
14.5o 
Blue, grey or tan solids 
1o.5o 
Blue, grey or,tan tone on tone. 
12.5o 

Mail to Dillard s P O. Box 13179. San Antonio. TX 78284 

Short sleeve 

O uCT'!' 

Tof qty ordered 

Postage 

Nam e 

Address 

State 

Nam e of C harge.C ard 

C harge No 
Check 
............. 
Money Order..,_____ 

Add SI tor postage and handling and 5% sales tax 

 f 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — S u n d a y Ju n e 5 1 9 / 7 

K U 

DRUGSTORES 

 v \ 

*« 

# 8 o 5 7 

Relax & Enjoy the 
Summer! 

D E L U X E 4 -P O I N T 
LOUNGE 
HAMMOCK 

Weather and mildew resistant 
88 

21 INCH STEEL 
SMOKER 
GRILL 

M a k e y o u r g re a t 

 o u td o o r c o o k in g 

 e v e n b e tte r w ith 

 th is firs t ch o ic e 

 o f th e o u td o o r 

 c h e f! 

P R E *T O < £ n f 
*■ »*•«* 

GIFTS FOR BRIDES! 

( U M 
PRESTO 
FRY BABY 
ELECTRIC DEEP FRYER 

I o r tw o se rv in g s in m in u tes! Frie s 

 w ith o n ly 2 c u p s o f o il. R e u s a b le 

$n ap-on lid . 

B O R D E N ^ 
ICE CREAm 

’/2 GALLON 
SQUARE 

U M H I P L E A S E 

S n 

 d ia l 
SOAP 

R E G . S I Z E 

C 

LIMIT 2 PLEASE 

HI ORI 
Towels 

P A P O I 

 t o w e l s 

“ 
H 
I - d r i * . 

 t 

 tropical blend rC»ppert°ne 

TROPICAL 
BLEND 

 b?Tcoppertone 
8 fl. ox. 

 e a c h 

SFL or. .u£ 

\ 

Model #FBD-1 

WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO UMIT QUANTITIES 

AQUALIA 

'•lope" 

THE MOISTUR 
EQUALIZER 
M from L’OREAL 
SKIN LOGIC 

Replaces moisture where skin is dry...controls mois­ ture where there is too much! 
Medium 
89 

 e z e : 

 r n 

AGREE 
CREME RINSE 
A CONDITIONER 
Helps stop the "greas- ies". Leaves hair fresh and shiny-clean. Bal­ sam, Oily or Regular. 
9 9 
I 

Soa. 
Reg. 
1.17 

Stays on under stress, heat, even under water! 

.. 
- 
. 
CUTEX 
I 
POUSH REMOVER 

With cuticle conditioners. 
Oily or Lemon. 

4 ll. oz. 

Reg. 594 r n 
( 

MA* 

SOLARCAINE 
LOTION 

 set>t'c 
AW 
Soothing antiseptic 

ARRIDBH 
EXTRA DRI 
ANTI P E R S P IR E 

8 oz, 

GREAT LASH 
MASCARA 
BY MAYBELLINE 

Builds, thick­ ens, colors and curls your lashes I 

UOV 

 that relieves sunburn pain, minor burns and skin inuries. 
3 oz. 

Reg. $1.58 

, "r v 

Reg. 174 

PRELL 
LIQUID 
SHAMPOO 

With new extra­ fresh scent. 

11 oz. 

STAYFREE 
I MINI PADS 

Box of 3o 

Limit I 

WM:**;’":- 

EMERY 
BOARDS or NAIL 
FILE WITH <t « * ( 
CUPPER 

MAX FACTOR 
ULTRALUCENT 
BRONZING 

For those who want the look of a glowing tan with­ out the damage the sun can cause. 

Easy-to-carry form of your favorite frag­ rance! 

BODY WAVE 
PERMANENT 

Designed for uncuriy hair-dos. 

Brands ¥&&& 

S I O W ' 

SUPCRX 
SUPERX 
SUPERX 
COCOA BUTTER 
LOTION 

Helps promote a good tan while it keeps skin smooth and supple. ie n. oz. 

 t 

SUN TAN 
OIL 

With Cocoa 
Butter to con­ dition skin while tanning. 

8fl. ox99' 

SUN TAN 
LOTION 

Moisturizes and conditions skin, protects against sun­ burning, 
8fl. oz.99! 

ASK! 
LET SUPERx 
PRICE YOUR 
NEXT 
PRESCRIPTION 

Marp ahead 
& m f be glad to toll pa 
Hie price in advanceI 

; v v j 

\ 

 v\ J 
M i 

SUPERX 
BALSAM 
CONDITIONER 

Beautifies problem hair in moments. 

\ \ % 
\ w x 
* •* 
\ 

* 

SUPERX 
BACITRACIN! 
FIRSTAID 
OINTMENT 
Helps prevent in­ fection and aids in healing. 

W A T 

9 vi oz. m f i 

- J 9 - 

^ 
\ V / 
\ - v , \> 

SUPERX 
FLUORIDATED 
DENTAL 
CREAM 

2>. \< y 
^ * 

7 OZ. 49 
C 

SUPERX 
NAIL POLISH 
REMOVER 

Oily or 
Lemon 

SUPERX 
GELATIN 
CAPSULES 

 en. oz. 

| Reg. 591 
49 

1o grains each. 
Bottle of 5o 

Mattw-SI 

 t 
'Ta 

AKTACfO 

I rn*** 
'-SSS-85'5 

.lf »n o1 

SUPERX 
MALDROX-SIL 
LIQUID ANTACID 

Soothing. Non-constipat­ ing. 

1211. oz.l l 

( 

SUPERX 
DANDRUFF! 
SHAMPOO 
Banishes unsightly fiakingl 

|5-oz. tube 
Reg. 1.o9 

< 

S U N N 1. 

Swimmer's 
Ear Solution 

 p r t.trI! "twirl 

 i.'trt. 

 m o t 

SUNNY DAYS 
SWIMMER’S! 
EAR 
SOLUTION 

SUPERX 
SHAMPOO 

Herbal Essence, 
Emerald or Gold. 

To help prevent outer ear irritations. 

I ffl. oz. 
I M 
69 
16fl.oz*V M f 

I 

4-QUART FOAM 
ICE BUCKET 

9" in diameter with tight-fitting lid. 
Hoid8 three trays of ice cubes. 
Reg. 59439 

C 

THERMOS 1-GALLON 
PICNIC JUG 

Molded, rust- roof sides and iner. Shoulder spout for easy pouring. 

P 
Iii 

53-QT. THERMOS 
ICE CHEST 

I Molded, rustproof 
1 with latch and i. Food tray and i. Rad and white. 

I rv io iu m j poly wi hinges. drain. F 
15 
19.1 

_ _ 3o-QT. FOAM 
COOLER CHEST 
■asasT 12 7 
Lightweight, yet 
B sturdy. 

 l^QT. FOAM 
Isix PAK COOLER 

Rag. 1.69 

12" x 9" x 12" with 
Comfort-Flex flex­ ible plastic handle. 

Reg. 1.4999 

 b a l lo n plastic 
A JERRY CAN 

WROUGHT-IRON STYLE 
PATIO TABLE 
• 16’ x 16 " x 
17" high 
• Folds flat for storage 
2 " 

24-PIECE PLASTIC 
TABLEWARE 

8 each 6" white knives, forks and spoons. 

Reg. 49439 t 

DRUGSTORES 

2-RING POOL 

35" x 6" inflated. 
Lightweight, yet sturdy. Assorted patterns and colors. 

TATAMI 
SANDALS 
Sizes for men, women and children. 
Reg, to 1.89 pr 

16” BEACH 
BALLS 
4 
4 
' 94,,33 
EACH 

WESTINGHOUSE 
BUG-A-WAY 
BULBS 
6o or IOO watt 
Twin-pack 

2 G A L L O N 

 g a rd e n SPRINKLER 
GLOVES 
_ 
CAN 
A t 
I i 

< 

DRUGSTORES 

BARREL 
GRILL 

• Use open for grilling, close for smoking 

• Adjustable draft controls 

• Chrome-plated cooking grids 13'/«"x2o’ 

I V ! A S T E R 
C H E F / 

STANDING 
HIBACHI 

 rn 

• Adjustable grid 

• Hardwood handles 

• Tripod base with wheels 

• Three barbecue tools 

DOUBLE HIBACHI 
1o" x 17" X 6" in black metal with natural-wood handles. Two separate adjustable grids. 

GRILL 

Small enough to take along...large enough to cook a loti Grid adjusts to 
3 positions. 99 
Reg. 
1.69 

REDWOOD PATIO 
TABLE 
1514" square. 1 7 " high. Folds flat for storage 

Reg. 
3.99 

Guff Lite 
CHARCOAL 
CHARCOAL 
STARTER 
GULF LITE SB H9< 

Quart 57 

IGLOO 86 QT. 
ICE CHEST 

Two food trays, one with cutting board top. 
Gallon jug. 
Recessed drain plug. 
Snap-lock lid. Supports 3 o o lbs. 
Optional seat cushion available. 
38® 

\ r- 

SNAKEBITE 
COLDPRESS 

M ZZ 

THE MEDICAL QUALITY KIT 
IN THE ORANGE PLASTIC CASE 

Em ergency First A id 

BY PARKDALE 

FOR SNAKEBITE W ITHOUT CUTTING 

FITS IN 
YOUR 
HAND! 

STEEL 
TENNIS 
RACKET 

TINY-MITE 
SUPER HAMMOCK 

R e g . 5 .9 9 

WOODEN 
CAMP 
STOOLS 

Open-throat steel construction with nylon eyelets, cross nylon string. 
Plastic handle with pigskin grip. 

PENN OR WILSON 
TENNIS BALLS 

U.S.L.T.A. approved. Play-rated for asphalt and hard-surface courts. 

WILSON 
BLUE RIDGE 
GOLF 
BALLS 
24 

WILSON 
TENNIS 
RACKETS 

STAN SMITH or 
BILLIE JEAN KING 
MODELS 

Uni-sphere rugged one-piece construc­ tion. 
Pack of 3 

4-PLAYER 
BADMINTON 
SET 

4 rackets, net, 2 poles, 2 birds, and 
4 metal stakes. 
Reg. 
6.99 

BEACH TOWELS 

* Big 32” x 6o” size 
• Includes Cracker 
Jack, Schlitz, 
Budweiser, Pepsi, 
Uncola and more. 

EACH 

GILLETTE 
COCKETT 
DISPOSABLE 
BUTANE LIGHTER 

Deluxe kit 
Includes 
Suds S t W a x 
Reg. $ 1 o .9 9 

HEH! 
PRESTONE 
SUMMER 
COOLANT 

I GALLON 

Stop 
Cigarette 
[Smoking! 

ONE 
STEP 

AT A TIME 

(As Seen On TV) 

A 
4 step, 
8 week smoking 

 withdraw! system by 
W ater 

Pik. An easy way to gradual­ ly quit smoking while you con­ tinue to smoke! 

M U R I E L * 
C I G A R S 
MURIEL 
CIGARS 

Sox of SO 
Com naM w 

M 
U R I E L CIGARS 

BOOK 
MATCHES 

SO 
Count 
I 

FOR 

C A R D IN A L 
A- r- LIGHTER 
FLUID 

4 oz. Can 

CONAIR PRO 
STYLER/ 
DRYER 

1ooo watts— att the power you need to style and dry your hair 
...in a hurryl 2 temper­ ature- control settings. 
Lightweight, easy to handle. Model #o78 

HAMILTON BEACH 
MAC FRY 
DEEP FRYER/COOKER 

Model 12121 
Deep fries most anything in minutes. Also cooks, boils and grills! Non-stick surfaces 
16 
88 

PRESTO 
BURGER MAKER 
Model #MB-1 
Handy quick-cooker for the bride! Broils hamburgers in I to 3 minutes! Toasts muffins, heats sandwiches, too! 
Compact and easy to clean. 
IO" 

THE SHOWER 
MASSAGE 

RIVAL 3‘/2-QUART 
CROCK-POT 
ELECTRIC COOKER 
Uses only 7o to 14o watts for economical slow cooking. Real 
Stoneware liner for easy cleaning. Glass lid, cookbook included. 

CLAIROL 
CRAZY CURL 

)»»' 

SE FILTERS 
E FILTERS 

H 
L 
. h 'f K F I L l V I 

■ 
■ s t a r H 
COFFE 
FILTERS1 
Box of 5o J 

, all coffee makers. 
^ 
FOR 

TEK 
TOOTHBRUSHES 
Soft, Medium or Firm 

 jS 'S 
■ jfr - 

WM 

JUMBO 
SPONGES 
Ideal for car or boat and to make other big jobs easy! 
2 too 

COTTON 
FLUFFS 
26o’ s 

\ 

EVEREADY C or I " 

A E R I E S ) i f l 
TWIN-PACK pA(;KS I 

. 
I --=rrr--------- 
FOB ■ 

CERTRON 
CASSETTE 
APES C M 
9o MIN. 
O 
I 

FOR ■ 
6”’ TWO-SIDED 
SHAVE MIRROR r f M Magnifying mirror on one x// 
/«r side, regular 
/// 
J r mirror on other. 
Gilt antique frame. 

IOO 

WESTINGHOUSE 
SOFT WHITE 
BULBS 2 
16o,75 or IOO watt TWIN 
PAKS 

BRACH’S 
CANDIES 

2 1 

I .... i- i 1 “/ 

Assorted flavors BAGS 
" 
FOR 
W Y L E R S 
D R IN K -A ID 

LA R G E 
C A N 

2 4 O Z . 

 m m oooo 
S i t 
5 

PLASTIC COATED 
PLAYING 
CARDS 
3 
FOR 
Cello- wrapped bridge decks. 

H »»y w 
GoLDToNEI 
METAL 
PHOTO 
FRAMES 
Choice of 
5 x7 or 
8 x 1o size. 

■ 

1526 
Austin 
Highway 
828-5791 

5351 
Glenridge at Eyers 
684-58o1 

San Pedro at 
Bitters 
494-3548 

612 Walnut 
New 
Braunfels 
625-7586 

Pecan Valley 
Dr. at 
Dollarhide 
337-6735 

54o5 
3o19 
1233o 
Walzem 
West Ave. 
Nacogdoches 
Road at Basse 
Road 
653-7311 
342-4211 
656-3o33 

SH 

\\\\\ 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
Walk jest set next weekend bums state 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Clear skies and a scorching June sun lured many Texans to swim­ ming pools and lakes Sa­ turday 

 s p e c ia l t o the EXPRESS NEW S 

F R E D E R IC K S B U R G - A two-day Texas Walk Fest, open to both young and old. will be held in the Fredericksburg* 
Luckenbach area Saturday and 
June 12. 
New Soviet constitution called popular 

MOSCOW (A P ) - The MOO-word draft of a new Soviet constitution was released for public discussion Satur­ day. and Soviet radio and television reported it was receiving widespread popular approval. 
A television report featured a student af a Moscow technical college who said. “ We students must thank the party for its care of us. We warmly approve and support the new draft of the constitution." 
Radio M oscow said workers at a factory in 
Leningrad promised 
“ dedicated labor and high quality" in gratitude for the document. 
The draft makes no major changes in government structure or the rights and duties of the citizenry from those in the 1936 constitution drafted under 
Joseph .Stalin. 

Cliff Maline, president of the Inter­ national Peoples' Sports-USA. said the event is one accredited the Interna­ tional Yolksportvervand of Germany. 
Under its auspices, thousands of 
American servicemen and their fa­ milies have participated in European walks. 
The walk will he held in two sections. a six-mile walk and a 15-mile walk 
Participants in the short walk will re­ ceive a silver medallion; a gold me­ dallion will go to the 15-mile walkers. 
Children under IO and disabled per­ sons w ill receive gold medals for either walk 
The starting place is the K O A 
Camp on U.S. 29o East. Participants may start either day between 6 a.iii and I p.m. 
The six-mile walk will include a stroll to Cain City and then loop back on FM1376 to the K O A. starting place. The longer hike will go through 
(ain City toward Grapetown and then to Luekenbuch w here walkers may rest before returning to the Ko.a. finish line. 
A dance is planned for 8 p.m. Satur­ day in the Luekenbaeh Dance Hall. 
Participants in Saturday's walk and those preregistered for Sunday w ill be admitted free to the dance. Otherwise, admission is §1.5o 
Lafe registration, which includes the medallion and IYY certification, is $5. 
For further information, write Cliff 
11o1111“ , Llano Road. Box 2. Freder­ icksburg, 78624. 

The Gibson s advertisement in partial circe latten of today's newspaper includes some merchandise which has not yet been re­ ceived. These items are: 

• GRASS TRIMMER^ $22.88 
• OSCILLATING FAN (o $19.97 
• AUTO RAMPS (« $17.88 
• BABY STROLLER (</ $12.88 

RAIN CHECKS 
W ill BE GIVEN ON THESE ITEMS 

Temperatures soared into the mid and high 9os over most of the state. 
Dallas reported a 98 de­ gree reading late Satur­ day afternoon, while 
Abilene posted a 92 and 
Wichita Falls had a 96. 

Oo»o Lon* r\J 

NATIO NAL W { ATHER SEB VICE. 
N O A A U S Dept of Commerce 

The clear to partly cloudy skies and hot temperatures wert* ex­ pected to continue through Sunday. Scat­ tered thunderstorms w ere forecast for por­ tions of Southeast, West and East Texas. 

• 
1331 B A N D ER A KO. 

• 3 9 o 7 EISEN HAUER 

• 
2 6 2 7 S .W M ILITA R Y 

C-harleMon l l 
8% 
Ja c k s o n v ille 
68 
8? 
N ew O rle a n s 
IO 
95 
R ale ig h 
Vt 
88 
R ich m o n d 
48 
Tam p a t i 
88 n o r t h w e s t 
B is m a rc k 
1/ 
SA 
Bo ise 
'>6 
8V 
C asp e r 
52 l l 
H e le n a 
55 
86 
Po rtlan d , O re 
56 fit 
R ap id C liv 
St 
8/ 
Son 8 roue SCO 
5? ti 
Seattle 
56 
68 
Spokane 
5' 
6 J 

 n o r t h c e n t r a l 

C h icag o 
59 
9/ 
D etroit 
J-J 
86 
D uluth 
58 ti ind ianap o lis 
51 
89 
M ilw a u k e e 
5o 
91 
M in n St. P a u l 
69 
81 
O m ah a t\ 
96 
Sh. St M a rie i t 
69 

N O R T H E A S T 
Boston 
SO ti 
B u ffalo 
J 8 
C le velan d 
46 
84 
Colum bus 
45 f-i 
N ew Yor k C iv 54 
Ph ila d e lp h ia 
4/ t i 
P ittsb u rg h 
41 
8o 
Po rtlan d . M e i t 
64 
W ashington 
59 
85 

SA N A N T O N IO X N D V IC IN I 
T Y — P o r tly clo u d y, w a r m and hum id Su n d ay thro ugh M o n d a y 
W in d s w ill tie e a s te rly . 
5 to IO m ph 
High S u n d ay an d M o n d a y near 9o 
Lo w S u n d ay night near 
TO Sun rises at 6 :.VI an d sets at 
3 ,JI. Tull moon 
M oon rise s at t? o9 a rn, and sets at IO 41 a rn. 
T e m p e ra tu re s S a tu rd a y ra n g e d from 68 to 89 d e g re es 
(N a tio n a l 
W eath e r S e rv ic e fo re ca s t ) 
R E L A T I V E H U M ID IT Y 
- 
45 per cent as of I p m. S a tu rd a y . 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l ra in fa ll for the ?4 "h o u r p e rio d ending at t p m S a tu rd a y , none. for the m onth, .'o of an in ch ; for th e y e a r . 
15.41 
In c h e s 
A c ­ cu m u late d d e p a rtu re fro m n o r­ m al for the m onth, m inus 
JO of on inch, tor the y e a r. pius 4 I J inches. 
N O R T H t e x a s 
- C le a r to p o rtly clo ud y th ro u g h M o n d a y 
Hot afternoons 
S O U T H t e x a s 
- 
P a r t l y c lo u d y , w a r m a n d h u m id thr w e s te rn W a s h in g to n an d th u n d e r s h o w e rs w ill be sr u tt e r e d o v e r ce n tral and southern t tor- 
Id a 
T h e re w ill a ls o be a few s h o w e r s in n o r t h e r n 
M a in e . 
W id e ly s c a tte re d s h o w e r s an d th u nd ersho w ers w ill o r c u r o v e r m uch of the G re a t L a k e s reg ion a c ro s s the O h io cmd ME 
M IO 
M I S S I S S I P P I 
V A I. L I Y , 
A 
C H A N C E 
Of 
W I D E L Y 
S C A T . 
Ti. R E D s h o w e rs a n d th u n d e r. show ers w ill exist fr o m no rth e ast 
A riz o n a th ro u g h the S o u th and 
Centro ! R o ckies a c ro s s K a n s a s 
Sunny skies w ilt p r e v a il aro u n d th e r e m a in d e r of t h e n a tio n 
T e m p e ra tu re s w ilt b e m itd in e a s te rn W a s h in g to n . N e w L u g land cmd over m ost of the G r e a t 
La k e s 
It w ill be hot in Io w a and seasonab ly w a rm in the re st ot the country 
M A R IN E 
W IN D S — W in d s w ill b<’ from the southeast at ' ? to i t m ph 
Su n d ay and near I J m ph Sunday night. Seas w ill be th re e to tour feet 
T IL L E S — 
P o r t A r a n s a s to r 
M o n d ay: H ighs at 9 o8 a rn. and 
6:o1 p.in 
Lo w at J J I p in. P o rt 
Is a b e l fo r M o n d a y . 
H ig h s a t 
IO or o rn and 6:5o p in 
L o w at 
5 31 p m 

A n k ara 
A ntigua 
Athens 
A uck land 
B erlin 
B eiru t 
B irm in g h a m 
Bonn 
B ru sse ls 
C airo 
C asa b la n ca 
Copenhagen 
Dublin 
G e n e va 
Hong Kong 
Lisbon 
London 
M ad rid 
Motto 
M anito 
Moscow 
Mew Detin 

BOARD REPLACEMENTS DUE 

The general public i* advised that (our Members of the Board of Directors of the Camino 

Real Health Systems Agency will have their terms expire on August 16, 1977. These Mem­ bers are eligible to be reappointed or to be replaced for the next three year term. The public is invited to submit letters supporting their reappointment or to male nominations of other individuals 

Each of the following Members is a "Consumer'* of heolth, care, designated os a 

 representative "At large,” with the specified characteristics: 

I. Stephen Doerr; resident of Guadalupe County; Male; Anglo; 1975 Total Family lr. 

 come Below $ I 1,o4 8 

2 Joe Garza; resident of Bexar County; Male; Spanish American; 1975 Total Family 

Income Below $1 1,o48 

3 Monuela Salazar; resident of Frio County (represents the Fria Medina Bandera Coun­ ty Grouping); Female; Spanish American; 
1975 Total Family Income Below 

SI 1,o48 

4 
Jacob Ulirich; resident of Bexar County; Mole; Anglo; 1975 Total Family Income 
Above $ I 1,o48 
- 

The AACOG Executive Committee has indicated its predispo*''tion to reappoint the cur 

 rent members, and at the same time, it desires to provide an opportunity for others to hove access to the Camino Real Board. 

Because of composition requirements, when these Member* are reappointed or 

 replaced; the total make-up for these four Consumers must reflect the following; I) Sub­ category: All "At large"; 2) Se*: not less than one, nor more than three females; 3) 
Racial/Linguistic: two Spanish American, two "Anglo and Othi>r"; 4) Economic: not less than three, nor more than four whose Total Family Income in 1975 was loss than 
$1 1,o48; 5) Geographic; two from Bexar County—-one from Guadalupe County— one from Frio, Medina or Bandera County. letters supporting the reappointment of these individuals should be forwarded to the ad­ dress below, lf you wish to nominate another individual, call or write to the aiJdmss below for an information packet which contains further information and nomination forms 

The Executive Committee of the Alamo Areo Council of Governments will make the ap­ pointments in mid July after receiving recommendations horn a Screening Committee 

The deadline for receipt of letters of support or nominations is 5 OO P M , Tuesday, 

June 28, 1977. 

Address letters of support or requests for nomination kits to: 

Alamo Area Council of Governments 

Attn: James Brandos 

4oo Three Americas Building 
San Antonio, Texas 782o5 

(512) 225-52o1 

Oslo 
Pg r is 
P e kin g 
Rom e 
Saigon 
Seoul 
Sofia 
V e e t holm jvcfi',ev 
Taipei 
Tehi ran l e i A VIV 
Tok VO 
Tunis 
Vienna 
W a rs a w 
SAN ANTONIO p r e c i p i t a t i o n 
\9t1 
1976 
Ave 
Jan. 3. IO 
O W t t i 

Feb. o 91 
o 13 
I 65 
Mar. o 88 
1.2o 
I i t 

Aor. 8.85 
8 41 
178 

MOV I 49 
5.8o 
3 45 
June l o t 
J do 
J 95 

SOUTH a m e RIT A 

Asuncion 
Bueno s A ire s 
Lim a 
M ontevierlo 
Rio De Ja n e ir o 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecast 

City 
Temoorture Sun 
Mon 

A m a rillo 
61 91 
61 91 
• k a ir, w a rm 
Austin 
68 9o 
68 VO 
Hu m id , w a rm 
La re d o 
68 95 
68 95 f tautly, w a rm 
Corpus C h risti 
7o 9o 
7o 9o 
C loud y, w o rm 
V icto ria 
7o 9o 
7o 9o 
Clo ud y, w a rm 
D a lla s f ort W o rth 
7o IOO 7o too f air, hat 
M cA lle n B ro w n s v ille 
7o 9o 
7o 9o 
Cloudy, w o rm 
Houston 
7o 91 
7o 93 
Cloudy, w a rm 

( M e x i c a n t e m p e r a t u r e s a p ­ p e a r rn b o th f a h r e n b e it a n d 
C e n tig ra d e or C e ls iu s 
F o h r c n h ilt is hated first in each co lum n.) 
Acapulco 
7o 
J6 
OO JI 
G u adalajara 
63 
17 
86 3o 
M ajo lica 
75 
Ii tit >' 
7Atxico C d v 
54 l j 
7; i .j 
M ooter re v ri 
IJ 
95 35 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low est. 29 d e g re es at G la d y 

H ig h e st, 1o7 d e g re e s cit B r a d ford and P h ilip s b u rg , P a . L a s 
V e g a s . N e v , Y u m a . A r i ; an d 
P a lm Sp rings, C alif 
Expiess-News 
Merchandise 
Mart 

F O R E IG N 

B a s e d on o b se rvatio n s ta k e n at 
7 a rn 
S a t u r d a y S o n A n to n io tim e 
T e m p e ra tu re s a r c In f a n renhelt (le ft) an d C e n tig ra d e ) 

G R E A T E R SAN A N TO N IO 

San Antonio 
68 
89 

SOUTH T E X A S 

A ustin 
68 
93 
B e e v ille 
71 
9 J 
B ro w n s v ille 
IO 
VI 
C o rpu s Chrsti 8o 
8b 
Cotulla 
69 va 
D el Rio 
71 
VI 
Ju n ctio n 
65 
92 
K in g sville 
71 
9 J 
V ic to ria 
7o 
95 

T E X A S 
A bilene 
68 
93 
A lp ine 
A m a rillo 
64 
*38 
D a lla s 
76 
IOO 
F. I P a s o 
63 
9o k a rt W orth 
71 
99 
Houston 
75 
94 
Lubbock 
68 
91 
Lu fk in 
71 
93 
San Angelo 
68 
92 
W a co 
* 
H 
96 

SO U T H W E S T 
D e n ve r 
57 
93 
Honolulu 
73 
85 
Lo s A ngeles 
61 
78 
L a s V e g a s 
71 to7 
Pho en ix 
85 
1oV 
S a lt L a k e C iv 
6o 
88 
San D iego 
59 
7o 

SOUTH C E N T R A L 
K a n sa s C ity 
7i 
51 
Lo u isville 
56 
86 
M em p his 
7o 
96 
O klah o m a C iv 
66 
92 
St. Lo uis 
68 
84 
W ich ita 
67 
94 

S O U T H E A S T 
A tlanta 
66 
9o 
B irm in g h a m 
62 
Vt 

A berdeen 
A m sterd a m 

Open a Zales account or use one 

 of five national credit plans 

Zales Revolving Charge • Zales Custom Charge • BankAmencard 
Master Charge* American Express* D in e rs Club* Carte Blanche* Layaway 
« 
SALE! 
2o% O FF 

Francesca ll 

Drexel's newest dining elegance at introductory savings! 

• 4oo I HOUSTON 
• 116 E. HOUSTON 
Shop Pem ntew n 
Thur*. Evenings 
• LA FERIA CENTER 
• WINDSOR PARK 

* NORTH SIA R W A U 
♦ PERRIN PLAZA 
* UNIVERSAL CITY 
• WALNUT SQUARE 
N e w Brounf«l», Tax 
The Diamond Store 

P o rk F ro * WSfh F v r t lie M D o w n to w n 
IHmtrotiofn enlarged 

GRADUATES 
IVANT: 
LUGGAGE FROM SANANTONIO TRUNK! 

Drexel 
SKYWA Y MAKES 
THE LOAD LIGHTER 
W e re proud to introduce it. . and proud 

 to offer Francescalto at affordobly low 

 sale prices! You ll save on one of the 

 most magnificent traditional Drexel * 

 din g rooms to be created in a decade. 

Elegant Italian styling with many units 

 sweeping to the floor. 

 i *oI 
Pmknotty walnut and 

 grafted walnut veneers, 
AJpfjrf 1' J 
) 
M iW Eii with pecan solids. f 
‘ r * 
I 
VP*Rv 
Jm #/ 
Finished in a lovely 
, g & J S fruitwood & custom 

 striped off-white. Come 

 share our excitement! 

Chula, reg. $999 . , $799 

■ j 
■ 
Round pedestal table, 
I ; 
. reg. $579...........$464 

I i 
’g, O val caneback arm chair, 
I reg. $ 2 2 9 ...........$134- 

Oval cane back side chairs, ea. reg. $ 195.........$ 156 

W hether you wheel it or tote it over your shoulder, 

Skywoy provides the lightness you like for the convenience 

 you demond . . . sturdy "outdoor twist' odds durability to 

 prevent travel injuries! Son Antonio Trunk has the complete 

L selection of patterns and pieces for men 

P V or la d ies .. with w h e e ls ... come in soon! 

Shown: 

21" C a rry -O n ..................... 
$ 8 2 5 o 

24 
W eekender................... $ 1 o o . o o 

2 6 ' P ullm an..................... 
$ 1 1 o . o o 

8 colors, all sizes to match. 

Save 25% off en our “ in stock 

 bedspreads and accent pillows. 

 it Alam o (*o *a 
& North Sror M u 1! 

*v W < *ic le .~ k ,'x ( 
% M«Cro{e$» Cluster 
☆ Windsor Pork Moll 

N O R T H S I D E . R e c to r S t. o p p o s ite N . S ta r M a ll - o p e n M o n ., T h u r S tit 9 - P h o n e d i 2 9411 

Poge 2-K 
H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunjoy June 5 1977 
Turkey voters eye leftist party 

COMPilED MOM WIBC SERVAIS 

ANKARA, Turkey - 
Opposition leader Bident 
Eeevit led thousands of supporters in a trium ­ phant motorcade into the capital Saturday on the eve of elections his Re­ publican People's party is favored to win. 
Ecevit's welcome in 
Ankara contrasted sharply with a poorly at­ tended really in Istanbul for Premier Suleyman 
Dem ire I, whose two- year-old conservative coalition barely holds a majority in the 45o-seat assembly. 
About 13 million voters 
— one third of them illi­ terate — were expected to turn out Sunday to choose among eight parties. For those who cannot read, the govern­ ment prints party sym­ bols on the ballots. 
Domestic issues have dominated the two-month campaign, although Ecr- 
\ it has called for a more independent foreign po­ licy and closer ties with 
Moscow. Turkey’s next premier will also have to decide the fate of 25 U S. bases closed in a dispute over an arms embargo 
Although Turkey has no private and scientific polls, informal press polls forsee Ecevit's left-leaning party retain­ ing its plurality of ISS seats in the general as­ sembly and possibly cap­ turing a majoritv. 

Sw eden studier investm ent* bail 

STOCKHOLM. Sweden 
— The Swedish parlia­ ment Saturday unani­ mously called for a study of the feasibility and possible effects of ban­ ning Swedish invest­ ments in South Africa. 
Political commenta­ tors said the probe was a form ality expected to lead to a ban on all Swe­ dish private capital in­ vestment iii the white- minority-ruled nation. 
At the last United Na­ tions General Assembly. 
Sweden introduced a re solution to ban any new investments in South 
Africa, and the measure is currently pending Se­ curity Council action. 
The olives in the Swe- 

W orld 
B riefs 

 dish parliament, how­ ever. indicated Stock­ holm was prepared to move on its own to loosen its .economic ties with 
Pretoria 

Pay phone is finger trap 
COPENHAGEN - Po­ lice armed with metal cutting equipment, saws and pincers were unable to free a young American whose finger got stuck while he was trying to recover his money from a public telephone booth after an unanswered call. 
The man explained that in the U.S. money is automatically returned and that he did not know this was not so here. 
Fortunately for him, calls for police help — dial Olin — are free here. and alter being taken away still attached to the machine, the noijIIi was freed at a hospital. 

Restoration of freedom* asked 
BUENOS A IR ES. Ar- gent ilia — In its first major statement since the military took power here l a s t year, this country's second largest political party urged the government Saturday to restore democracy and all freedoms in Argen­ tina. 
The center-left Radical 
Civic Union (IR C ) said that, among other things. the military leadership should lift its ban on the operation of political parties. 

Bandit* make coffee baul 
C A TA N IA . Sicily - 
Seven armed bandits made off with $484.OOO 

 worth of coffee from a warehouse Saturday in a carefully planned opera­ tion. police reported. 
The gang waited pa­ tiently for four trucks to unload their merchan­ dise, then locked the drivers in an empty truck, loaded the sa(,ks of coffee into their own trucks and drove off. 
About 3o minutes later, the drivers finally freed themselves and called police. 
G uerrilla leader killed 
BU EN O S A IR ES. Ar- gent in a — The army an­ nounced Saturday it had killed the last nationally prominent leader of the underground Montnneros guerrilla army still left iii the country. 
A communique said 
Ju lio Roque, 36, was killed last Wednesday in a clash with government troops iii a Buenos Aires suburb. The Montoneros are leftists wHo follow the socialist principles of the late President Juan Her­ on 
2 Spanish c ivil guards killed 

M A D RID . 
Spain 
- 
Unknown assailants shot and killed two paramili­ tary civil guards in Bar* eelnua and bombers struck at Madrid-area power stations Saturday 

 i ii a continuing campaign of violence before tile 
June 15 Spanish elec­ tions. 
No group claimed re­ sponsibility for the at­ tacks, but officials be­ lieved both were carried out I iv extreme leftists who have vowed to dis­ rupt the election cam­ paign. The vide will be 
Spain's first free election since 1H3B. 

American T V i* mi**ing link 

STRASBOURG, France 
— Do-it-yourself electri­ cian Serge Nueffer has taken five years to con­ vert his telev ision set to pick up programs from 
Id countries as far apart as Iceland and Cyprus. 
Nuelfer. a policeman, is now trying to pick up 
American telev ision. 

EONUS 
NUMBERS: irrrii 

C A SH -O -RA M A novas N U M B E J ' 

 r 
o12oooo 

C A SH -O -RA M A 
B O N U S N U M B E R 
2o13323 

DEADLINE TO CLAIM CASH:_ 
WINNING MAGAZINES 
ARE DATED: 
M 

5 pm Tues 

6 - 7 - 7 7 

1977 

If the top number is the number that is on the cover of your TV 
N O W magazine from last Sunday, you're the winner of $1,ooo in cash! If the lower number matches the number on you San An­ tonio Star from last Sunday, you're the winner of $1,ooo C A SH ! 
UP TO $SOO IN SUBSCRIBER BONUSES! 

If you win one of the big prizes by matching either your TV 
N O W or your San Antonio Star correctly, you're eligible for a 
SU B S C R IB E R BO N U S! If you claim the $1,ooo and you're a present subscriber of both the San Antonio Express and The 
News, you'll receive an A D D ITIO N A L $25o IN C ASH ! If you are a present subscriber to one of the daily papers, the Express or 
The News, you'll receive an extra $125 IN CASH! 

VO 

A t in Today’s Express-News 
^ * for Full Details on How 
T o y Cars W in in 

 j f g U i i k CflSH-o-RflMA 

Easy does it 

HSA GALBRETH I 4, left, is aided by her sister Judy Adams, 16, during a roller skating party for blind children Saturday at Rollercade, 223 Recoleta. The party was sponsored by San 
Antonio Insight, an adult society which works with blind children. Miss Galbrett is a student at the 
Texqs School for the Blind in Austin, and 
Miss Adams is a MacArthur High School sophomore. 
— Staff Photo by Pat 
Hamilton 
Flores wins 
EODC post 

In the highest voter turnout in the history of the Economic Opportun­ ities Development Corp., 
Allen R. Flores defeated 
Victor San Miguel Satur­ day for an EODC board seat. 
Flores won by a 2H4 to 
212 count. The vote total iii Program Planning and 
Operations Area No. 12, the represented area, was 47o. 

Three other throe-year term seats on the B’ODC board also were filled by unopposed candidates. 
They were Maria Va­ lenzuela, C. R. Munoz and Carlos Monreal. 
Flores said his victory was possible with the support of “ people who were concerned with what was really happen­ ing at EODC with tax­ payer’s money." 
Rites set for ex-S.A. resident 

SPfcCIAt TO THC EJtPRESS-NEWS 
LARGO. Flu. - Fun­ eral services for a former 
San Antonio immunolo­ gist and serologist will be at 3 p.m. Monday at Moss 
Largo Chapel here. 
Ll. Col. W illiam F. nettler, (Ret.). 74. of 
Thatch Palm West in 
Largo, died Friday at 
Bay Pines Veterans Ho­ spital 
He had worked in the critical laboratory of the 
Nix Hospital iii San An­ tonio for 25 years before retiring to Florida five years ago. 
Survivors include his wife. 
Mrs. 
Olive 
H. nettler; a son. William F. nettler Jr. of Moorhead 
City. N. a daughter, 
Mrs. Wilma ll. Bates of 
Greensboro. 
N J'.; a brother, 
Albert 
M. nettler of Greenville; three sisters. Mrs. Freda 
Reeves of San Diego, Ca­ lif., Mrs. W ilma Holehon 
Injuries fatal to m an, 24 

A San Antonio man died Saturday from mul­ tiple injuries resulting from a traffic accident 
Thursday. 
James David Tumliti- son, 24, of 9o1 Dewhurst 
Road. died at 3:2o a m. in 
Bexar County Hospital. 
A hospital spokesman said Tumlmson was in­ jured in a traffic accident at 
I H 41o and 
West 
Avenue. 
A Castle Hills police spokesman refused to provide information on the accident until the chief of police returns 
Monday. 
S.A. bid nets pact 

The Houston Bridge and Engineering Co. of 
San Antonio has submit­ ted the apparent low bid of $2,784,ooo for channel improvements on the 
East Fork of Martinez 
Creek. 
The announcement was made by the Fort 
Worth 
District. 
U.S. 
Army Corps of Engin­ eers. 

 of Phoenix, Ari?., and 
Mrs. Don Thompson of 
Roswell, N.M.. and three grandchildren. 
Burial will be iii Nor* enity Gardens Memorial 
Park in Largo. 
Reppert funeral 
Monday 

Funeral services will be at IO a m. Monday at 
Porter Loring Mortuary for Dr. Law m ice B. 
Reppert. past president of the Bexar County Me­ dical Society. 
Dr. Reppert. 84. of 8215 
Callaghan Road died 
Friday. 
He was a graduate of 
New Mexico Military In­ stitute. University of 
Iowa and Iowa School of 
Medicine. He was a doc­ tor of internal medicine and his speciality was cardiology. 
Dr. Reppert was a member of the Texas 
Medical Society and the 
American Medical! Assn. and a fellow of the 
American 
College of 
Physicians. 

Specialized 

He took specialized training in cardiology at 
Harvard Medical School. 
He was former chief of staff of Robert B. Green 
Hospital and staff member of Baptist and 
Methodist Hospitals. 
Dr. Reppert also was a medical consultant to 
Tower Life Insurance Co. and was an original or* ganizer and past presi­ dent of the 
Alamo 
Retriever Club. 
He was a veteran of 
World War II. serving in the South Pacific as a lieutenant colonel. 
He is survived by his wife, Mrs. Mac B. Rep­ pert: son, Bruce G. Rep­ pert; son-in-law and daughter. Mr. and Mrs. 
Edward E. (Linda) Ko- plan; daughter, Mrs. 
Sally Reppert Trimble, and four grandchildren, all of San Antonio. 
The 
Rev. 
Edw in 
Walthall will officiate at services. Burial will be in 
Sunset Memorial Park. 

 lll-^Peaths 

ALVARADO 
Jot* A. Alvarado, ar IS* Vermont, entered reef on Jo ne J. 1*77 at die one of 41 year*. Survived by wife, 
M n. Guadalupe Alvarado; sons, 
Ricardo, Jesus. Luis and Jose 
Alvarado, Jr.; daunters, Estella 
Lozano ot Virginia and preceded in death by Elisa Alvarado; ten grandchildren and two great grandchildren Mr. Alvarado was retired (Civil Service, Ft. Sam} in 
Topographic Map Service. Ro sary will be recited 7:3o p m 
Sunday at Brookehill Chapel. 
Funeral services will depart 12 4$ p m. Monday from Brookehill 
Chapel, followed with Mass ot­ tered at I .OO p.m. at St. Leo s 
Catholic Church. Interment will follow in Fort Sam Houston Na­ tional Cem etery with m ilitary honors. Arrangements with 
MrnakrJjiU 
711 $ E, MHlto ry Pr. 
»23 7s2f 

CASTANO 
Mr Theodorg Castano, 6o, of ISO 
South Park Blvd., (ped June 3, 
1977 in San Antonio. Life resident 
Of Son Antonio and member of SI. 
H enry C atholic Church S u r­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Calartnq Ortiz 
Castano; daughter, Mss. Arnolfo 
(G lo ria) Colvillo Jr . son, Mr. 
Rodolfo Castano all of San An tonio; brothers, Alfredo and 
Rudy Castano both of Detroit, Mi chigoe; granddaughter, Victoria 
Alexandria Colvillo of San Anton io; num erous nieces and ne­ phews. Rosary will be recited 
Sunday June 5th in Roy Akers 
Funeral Chapel. S e rvic e w ill depart of 9:3o a rn. Monday tor a 
1o:oo a m. Mass at St. Henry 
Catholic Church with Father wit ham Collins celebrant Interment 
San Fernando No. 2 

515 No. Main 
226 72o1 
- i m e I-" r,„ V ... 4 I ! . ...—.un— ..* . I... |—|*«| »|. ■■■. g. 

C O C K RIL L 
MR. C H A R L E * F 
C O C K R IL L , 
1623 
W. Hollywood, born in Son Antonio Ort 
26, T9J4, entered rest Wednesday 
June I, 1972 at the age o* 42 years. 
SER V IC ES MONDAY 11:3o A M. 
ALAMO C H A PELS with interment to follow in Sunset 
Memorial Park. Survivors Wife. 
M rs 
S h irley 
Ann C o ck p it, daughter. Charlsye Ann Cockrill, son, Charles Franklin Cockrill, 
Jr ., m other, M rs. M a ry Ann 
Cockrill Taylor, all of Son Anton io. Casket bearers will be Robert 
M and Donald Lee Coonradt, 
Sterling B Cathren and William 
Mosheim Services under the dir­ ection ol o member of The Lelon 
Code Family of 
TM* JHfama 
225-5731 
N Alamo at Brooklyn 

CONRAD 
Mrs Viola Epps Conrad. 7o, 23o2 
Santa Barbara, died June 4, 1977. 
Survivors: Daughters, Mrs L L. 
(Iris) Galvin, San Antonio, Mrs 
Thomas S 
(N o rm a ) Sm ith, 
O evm e; sister, M rs. R o salie 
Dawson. Abbeyville; brothers, B 
E. Epps, San Antonio, R. C. Epps, 
Seattle; grandchildren, Leonard 
H. Weege. Devine. Michael L. 
Galvin, Donald A Galvm , San 
Antonio. Service 2 p.in Monday. 
7IZIK K EA R N S C H A PEL Inter- men! Roselawn Memorial Pork. 
Arrangements bv 
Z m k ’Keam s 
Downing Mr CUufhety 
I 322 N. St. Mary’s 
237-22o6 

COSTALES 
Dome! G. Costoles, Jr., (U S N ) age JI, of 423 Sorrels Ave., born 
February 4, 1756 here in San An­ tonio, Texas, passed away June 2, 
1977. Survivors: Parents, Daniel and Myrna Costales; brothers, 
Edward. David, Julian, Patrick and Kenneth Costales; grandeur- ents, Ramona and Daniel Costoles and Salvador O livares; aunts, uncles and cousins Rosary will be recited Sunday at 7:3o p.m. at the Ortiz M o rtu a ry . F u n e ra l procession will deport Monday at 
8:3o a.m. for Mass at Holy Family 
Catholic Church at 9:oo a m. In­ terment in Ft. Sam Houston Na­ tional Cemetery with full military honors Arrangements bv 
o 

DUNN 
Mrs. Lassie Lee Dunn, 83, 1o3 S 
Manton Lo , died in a local hospi­ tal June 3, 1977. She and her late husband, Charles F. Dunn, were active in the incorporation of the 
City of Castle Hills and organize bon of its fire deportment. She was a former eouncilperson of the 
City of Castle Hills; a charter member of St. George Episcopal 
Church, and worked in establish mg its Thrift Shop, organizer and first president, and an Honorary 
Member of Castle Hills Woman's 
Club; past president of toto Phi 
Chapter, Delphian Society, and member of Delphian Past P re ­ sidents Round Table. Survivors: 
Step children. Gene C. Dunn, Pa sadena; E 
Forrest Dunn, Joe L. 
Dunn, M rs 
Robert (D oroth y 
Rose) Good, San Antonio; 6 step gran dchildren and a host of friends. Services ll a m Monday, 
St George Episcopal Church, 
69o4 West Ave,. The Rev. R Ran dolph Cooper officiating Inter men! Sunset Memorial Park. Ar­ rangements bv 

Zi/ik-Kearns 
(Xx* Of it* M il Lttig ftpr I Y 
1322 n si M v r m - n o o 

G E N T I L E y S , 
M R S TOMASA J f T B j y p n G E N T IL E , 
52o 
Chestnut, born in 
Eaqle Pass. Texas 
Feb 12, 1912. entered rest Friday 
June 3, 1977 of the age of 65 years. 
ROSARY SUNDAY, 7 3o PM 
ALAMO C H A PELS 
MASS MONDAY 9:3o AM 
ST. JO SEPH S CHURCH ID T.) with Rev. John Wagner as cele­ brant and interment to follow in 
San jose Burial Park. Survivors: 
Brothers. Albert P. Jimenez. City, 
Lorenzo R Jim enez, Sunrise, 
N H ., sister, M rs. Lu cia R o ­ driguez, City. Mrs Gentile has been a resident of San Antonio for 
♦he past 55 yrs. Services under the direction of a member of The 
Lelon Code Family of 

225-5731TM* 
731 
N Alamo at Brot 
Brooklyn 
Area deaths 

PARKER, Mrs. Lewis 

M. 
Sr. 
(Ruth). 
73, 
Gonzales. Services at 2 p m. Monday at Seydler 
Hill 
Funeral 
Home, 
Gonzales. 

SCHUMANN, Robert 

A.. 84, Marion. Services at 2 p m. Monday at 
Goetz Memorial Chapel in Seguin. 

Express-News 

Want Ads 

225-1666 

I EXPRESS 
I 
NEWS 
DEATH NOTICES 
J 

 m-tw.uis 

H E R N A N D E Z 
Mr. Eduardo V Hernandez 2513 
Accidental St Santa Anna, Calif, born in Son Antonio. Tex., Oct. 2o, 
192o entered rest Monday May 3o. 
1977 at the age of 56 years. Rosary will be recited In the Max Martin­ ez Chapel Sunday June 5, at I OO p m Requiem Mass wilt be of fered Monday June 6, at 2:3o p m from St Jude Catholic Church 13o 
So San Augustine Ave Conciud ing services will follow in Son 
Fernando Cemetery No. 2 Sur­ vivo rs: W ife, M rs. A uro ra C. 
Hernandez, daughters, Mrs. Do­ ra Rivera, Mrs. Olivia Rodriguez, 
Mrs Rebecca Quintanilla, Miss 
Mary LOU Hernandez, Miss Mary 
Ann Hernandez; sons, Edw ard 
Hernandez Jr., Fred Hernandez. 
Juan Hernandez, Steve Hernan­ dez, Henry Hernandez, Joe Her­ nandez; sisters, Mrs. Elvira Cas­ tro, M rs 
Adelino G on zalez; brother, Mr Mqrcelo Hernandez. 
T9 grandchildren. Services under the direction of 

M a x M a r t i n * ? 
2o15 W. Martin 
7 2 f Z U \ 

H O R S L E Y 
M R 
A R T H U R R O Y 
■ B H 
H O R SLEY , 714 Seren p 5 s £ J ode, born in Pontiac, 
“ 
Michigan June 3, 193o, entered rest Friday June 3. 1977 at the age of 47 years 
S ER V IC E S MONDAY 1: 45 PM 
ALAMO C H A PELS with Rev 
G. W. Schwanenberg officiating and interment to follow in Ft Sam Houston Natl. Ceme­ tery, Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Peart 
Horsley, son, Ronald G. Horsley, city, sisters, Mrs. Gwen Irvin , 
C orpus C h risti, Texas. M rs. 
Charles Stenger, Jr., Beaverton, 
Mich., brother, Melvin Horsley, 
Bakersfield. Calif., grandson, 
Christopher Horsley Mr Horsley has been a resident of Son Antonio tor the past 28 years Casket bearers will be Dale Mabry, Al 
Chmores, John Caroli. George 
McBride, Andy Clark and Calvin 
Mesch Services under the direc bon of a member of The Lelon 
Code Family of 

225-5731TM* «ASm vp 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 

I S B E L L 
Miss Doris Wvnn Isbell, age 3, of 
1418 Cabalerro Street, passed away Friday, June 3, 1977. Bonn in Son Antonio. Doris is survived bv her parents, 
David and Eva 
Isbell; sisters, Mrs. Brenda Hor- shaw, Miss Beatrice Isbell, Miss 
Svdnia Mae Isbell, all of San An­ tonio; brothers, David Allen Is­ bell, John Isbell, William Ibsbell, all of San Antonio; grandparents, 
7,4r. M arco s Sanchez, M rs. 
Guadalupe Morales, Mrs. Eulo 
Moo Isbell, all of San Antonio; numerous aunts, uncles and other re latives. S ervice s I OO p.m. 
Monday, Southside Chapel, with 
Rev. William A Ervin officiating 
Interment, Mission Burial Park 
South. Direction of 

 d o u t f c if t e 
63o1 S. Floras 
422-6334 

L E V E R E N Z 
Margie Lee Leverenz, age 53, of 
1o8 Pinecrest, died Friday, June 
3, 1977 She was a member of St 
O ovid's Ep isco p al Church, q member of The Daughters of The 
King of St D avid's Episcopal 
Church, a member of the Legal 
Secretaries' Association. S u r­ vivors: Jon, Tim J. Leverenz, San 
Antonio; daughter, Mrs. Sandro 
L. Pollard, G reat Lakes, III.; brothers, Paul B. Peters, Colum­ bus, Ohio, Patrick Dan Peters, 
Houston; sister, Mrs. Pa tricia 
S tu rro ck , 
Beaum ont, 
T ex .; granddaughter, Andrea L e v e r­ enz, San Antonio. Service Tues­ day at 3 o'clock in the Colonial 
Chapel of the Porter Loring Mor­ tu a ry , the R ev 
G 
R ich a rd 
Thayer officiating interment in 
Sunset Memorial Park. A rran ­ gements with 
Porter Loring h o i M cC u llo u g h 227-8221 

L O P E Z 
Mr. Refino Lopez 29o6 So. Loredo 
St. born in San Antonio, Tex., Nov. 
22. 1944 entered rest Wednesday 
June I, 1977 at the age of 32 years. 
Mr. Lopez hod been a lifetime resident of San Antonio. Rosary will be recited in the Max Martin et Chapel Sunday June 5, at 7:oo p.rn Reauiem Mass will be of­ fered Monday June 6, at 12 oo p.m. from St. Timothy Catholic 
Church 1515 Saltillo St. Conclud­ ing services will follow in Fort 
Sam Houston Notional Cemetery. 
S u rvivo rs: W ife, Mrs. Bertha 
Lopez, Parents; M r. pnd M rs. 
Julian Lopez Sr.; daughter, Mon­ ico Elaine Lopez, son, Phillip E. 
Lopez; sister, Maria D. G aray; brothers, Julian Lopez Jr., Miguel 
Lopez. Alfonso Lopez, Joe Louis 
Lopez, Ruben T. Lopez, Andres T. 
Lopez Services under the direc­ tion of 

J H a x M a x im 
* 
2o15 W Martin 
227-6281 

NELSO N 
Mrs. Janette Rosalie Nelson. 73, of 5827 Shadow Way died June 3, 
1977 in Son Antonio. Resident of 
San Antonio 33 years. Survivors: 
Daughter, Mrs Ruth J. Irwin of 
U niversal City; sisters, M rs 
Daisy Bailey of Phoenix, Arizona; 
Mrs. Edith Georgen and Mrs Do­ rothy Wilson both ol Conroe, 
Texas; 4 grandchildren; 5 great grandchildren; several nieces ond nephews. Services 9:3o a.rn. 
Tuesday June 7th rn Roy Akers 
Fu n e ra l Chapel with F a th e r 
Robert E Creasy officiang. Inter­ ment Fort Sam Houston National 
Cemetery. 

* 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 
Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 

I$4—Funeral Directors 

' A N G ELU S FU N E R A L HOME 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
6o2 W. Houston 
227-1461 

O W E N 
Gorden Reasoner Owen, infant sen of Airman and Mrs. Danny 
Emerson Owen, 948 Holmgreen 
Rd., passed away in o local ho­ spital Friday, June 3, 1975 at the age of 3 days. Other survivors include grandparents, M r. and 
M 's. Robert Owen, City, Mrs. 
Jane Taylor, Kentucky, Mr. Ray 
Taylor, Cibolo Graveside service will be held Monday. June 6 at 
9:oo g in. In Fort Sam Houston 
National Cemetery with Rev. Jeff p. Brow n o fficiatin g . A r r a n ­ gements with 

2ooo So B rllrrrat 
W W White 
33 
337 4o82 

P A R SLEY 
W alter 5. Pc’ arsley, Moi. U SA F retd., age ti, born Aug I, 19o), entered rest June 2, 1977. Su r­ vivors: w ;te, Audra Lacey Pars­ ley; sons, Ronald G. P a rsley, 
Austin, Tex., Donald C. Parsley, 
Midland, Tex.; daughters, B a r­ bero Parsley Whitley, Everett, 
Wash., Joan Parsley Frohna, Al buquergue, N. Mex.; brothers, W 
D. Parsley, Almon K. Parsley and sister, Zono Bow doin, all of 
M cM innville. Tenn.; 14 grand­ children, 4 great grandchildren and numerous nieces and ne­ phews. M al. Pq rsle y was sta­ tioned at Brooks Field , K elly 
Field, of San Antonio and Good 
Fellow Field of Son Angelo, Tex. 
Services 12 45 p m. Monday, June 
6, Roy Akers Funeral Chapels with Rev. Fred Arm strong of­ ficiating . In te rm e n t Ft. Sam 
Houston National Cemetery with 
Military Honors. 

615 No. Main 
226-72o1 
San Angelo, Tex., Midland, Tax., and Austin, Tex. papers please copy 

111— D e a tk *; 

P A W L IK 
Joseph Steven "S te ve " Powlik, 
5443 Eclipse st., Kirby, Texas, passed away in a local hospital 
Thursday, June 2, 1977, at the age of 17 years. Survivors: Parents, 
Mr and Mrs. Sixtus J Pawlik; brothers, John Michael Pawlik, city, Thomas B. and William D. 
Stapleton, Dallas; grandparents, 
Mr and Mrs. John F. Pawlik, city, 
Mrs. Thomas G. Wilson, Dallas; numerous aunts on# uncles. Ser vices were held Saturday, June 
4th. Interment followed in Chapel 
Hill Memorial Gardens. A rran­ gements with 

Ir r u p t 
OOO So. W W. White 
337 4o82 

R E P P E R T 
Dr. Lawrence B Reppert, age 64, of 8215 C allag han Rd., died 
Friday, June 3, 1977. He was a graduate of New Mexico Military 
Institute; graduate of University of Iowa and Iowa School et 
M ed icin e; 
Dr. of in tern al medicine and speciality in ca r­ diology; past president of Bexar 
Co. Medical Society, member of 
Texas M ed ical S o cie ty and 
American Medical Association; 
Fellow of American College of 
Physicians. He took specialized training in cardiology at Harvard 
Medical School under Dr Paul 
Oudley White. He was form er 
Chief of Staff of Robert B Green 
Hospital and sfqff m em ber of 
Baptist and Methodist Hospitals; 
Medical consultant ta Tower Life 
Insurance Co., original organizer and past president of The Alamo 
Retriever Club; veteran of WW ll and served in the South Pacific and attained rank of LTC. Sur­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Mae B. Rep­ pert; son, Bruce G 
R epp ert; son-in-law and daughter, Mr. and 
Mrs. Edward E. (Linda' Koplan; daughter, Mrs. Sally Reppert 
Trimble; grandchildren, Edward 
E. Koplan, Jr., Lawrence Patrick 
Koplan, F/nthia Trimble, Sally 
T rim ble, all of San Antonio. 
Serv^e Monday at TO o'clock in the Georgian Chapel of the Porter 
Loring Mortuoiv, the Rev. Edwin 
Wotthall officiating. Pallbearers: 
Jim P Zachry. Bob Buckley, Dr. 
Harold Buttery, Dr Bernard R 
Levine, Dr. Waldo S. Luedemann, 
Wilson Fisher, Dr. Sam Greer, 
H arvey Evqns. Honorary p all­ bearers: Dr. John Matthews. Dr. 
Charles Hulse, H. B. Zachry, By­ ron Wyatt, Dr. Asher McComb. 
Charles Johnston, Ed Collins. Dr. 
Ed Coyle. Dr. Sam Swartzberg, 
Dr. Horry Spence, Dr. Coyle Wil­ liams, Or. Leopoldo LaPu erta. 
Those who d esire, m ay send memorial gifts to American Heart 
Association or American Cancer 
Society. Interm ent in Sunset 
Memorial Park. 
Arrangements with 
Porter Loring 

 h o i McCu l l o u g h 227-8221 

R IE S E R 
Rteser, Roberta Sheppard, ST, bf 
Kerrville, died Friday ot Std Pe terson M e m o rial H o sp ital in 
Kerrville. She was born Oct. 3, 
1925 and was a member at First 
United Methodist Church, the 
Daughters of the Repubtic af 
Texas and Kerrville Chapter S* st the Order of the Eastern Star. She is survived by a daughter, Mrt- 
Horriet Sheppard Clausen; Two grandchildren; her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Marshall L. Sheppard 
S r, and one brother. Marshall L. 
Sheppard Jr., all et K e rrville 
Services at IO a.m. Mondoy in the chapel et Mount Wesley Methodist 
Encam p m ent with the R e v. 
Raym ond W ilson o fficiatin g . 
Burial at Glen Rest Cemetery in 
Kerrville with graveside services conducted by th# M o v i l l e 
Chapter 26 of the OES. 
______ 
SM ITH 
M oi Clayton A. Smith, Sr., USAF, 
(Ret ), age 59, of SHO Beacon, died Friday, June 3, 1977. Sur­ vivers: Wife, Mrs. Elaine Klaus 
Smith; sans, Clayton A. Smith, jr., Tgiwon, Republic of Chino, 
Thomas A Smith. Nashville, Ind., 
Timothy William Smith, Hearne, 
T x.; d aughters, M rs. w . G. 
(C h a rm a in e ) Crohm an, M rs. 
David (Camille) Heoton, both of 
San Antonio. Mrs. P B. (Shawn) 
McBrearty, Marion, Tx.; sisters, 
Mrs. Charlotte Partridge, H ar­ bor, Or,. Mrs. W inifred Dean, 
Mrs Jo Ann McDonald, both of 
Seattle, wash.; 3 grandchildren; sister-in law and brother-in law, 
Evelvn and Dwight Canfield, Son 
Antonio; numerous nieces and nephews. Rosary Sunday evening at 7:3o in the Georgian Chapel of the Po rter Loring M o rtu ary 
M oss M onday m orning at It o clock at St 
Ann's C atholic 
Church. Pallbearers: Clayton A. 
Smith, Jr ., Thomas A Sm ith, 
Timothy w. Smith, W illiam G- 
Grohm an, David Heoton, Sr., 
Mike McBreorty. Honorary pall­ b ea re rs: 
E rn e st E 
Sch oll, 
Rogelio Moreno, Dwight Canfield, 
His fellow workers from Kelly 
Field interment with full military honors in San Fernando Arch diocesan C em etery. A rra n dements with 
Porter Loring i io i M cC u llo u g h 227-8221 

Y T U A R T E 
M r. Raym ond C 
Y tu arte 118 
Vaughan St born in Stockdale, 
Tex., Aug. 22, 193o entered rest 
Thursday June 3, 1977 at the age of 46 years. Mr. Ytuarte had been a resident of Son Antonio for 45 years. Rosory will be recited in the Chapel Of Roses at North 
Park Mortuary Sunday June 5, at 
8:oo p m Requiem Mass will be ottered Monday June 6. at 8:45 a rn. from St. Pa u l C atholic 
Church 35o Sutton Dr. with Rev. 
William M cNam ara officiating. 
Concluding services will follow in 
Fo rt Sam Houston N ation al 
Cemetery. Survivors: Wife. Mrs 
M ary P. Y tuq rte; daughters. 
Rose M a ry 
Gomez. 
S y lv ia 
Y tu q rte ; sons, Jo e Y tu q rte , 
Raymond Ytuarte Jr., Richard 
Ytuarte, Robert Ytuarte; sisters, 
Mrs. Adela Blake, Mrs. Udelia 
Valle, brothers, Eduardo Ytuarte, 
Federico Ytuarte. 5 grandchil­ dren. Services under the direction 

2£nrtfy Jfcurk 

M o rluarij 

S U Fredericksburg 
734-3313 

IDT—Funeral Directors 

&outfetibe 
FUNERAL H O M E 
63o1 S. HORES 
932-6339 id Squyres, Director 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 

Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

1119 N. St. Mary's* 

' (C H IH A K 

Fulfilling a need since 
1933. 

{Ike/us 

FUNERAL CHAPELS 
H S WOITH MAIN AVINO! 
226-72o1 

Al. £ HOO*tGU£Z 
FUNERAL HOMS 

Pre-Need Arrangements 

511 G u a d a lu p e Ss. 
226-6111 

A VERY SPECIAL 

WARMTH. 

PORTER LORING 
MORTUARY 

 h o i McCullough 
227-8221 

4Uax 
Hart m t 

 off* ring 
Pr*-Artgi**M Fveerel 
CMrtmts f mural kwxrome Polities 

227-6281 

Hor* Park Merieefy 
734-3313 
J**- 8 KAMB 
VlNpBl 
653-6411 

S rookibiU 
711 S E. Military 
923-7523 
(flak Rills 
1o56 Frederick sours 696-71)1 

Brl lr rest 
2ooo s. W W White 
337-4o12 
9alm fright a 

3711 So. Zorzgmora 924-4568 

115—Cemeteries- 

-4 Beautiful ’aravesltes, 81, WO. 
Sunset Memorial Fork. 492-9335. 

(2) Adjacent burial plots in Ma- sonic tertian of Sunset Memorial 
Pork. $4oo. 494-1321. 

211 Brooklyn at NL Alamo a s s —5731 
'Dim JJJjlVI CllcU Dcunihj 

7 
VTI 
-*r 

To have your problem solved or a ques* tion, answered, write Action-Express, P.O. 
Box 2 ) 7 / , San Antonio. TX 78297. 
Trash collection 
J hope you can get som e action for this problem. It is not only mine. This is a problem my neighborhood shares. 
There is an empty lot on my block and for several months area residents have started using it as a dump. 
People think nothing of driving up and depositing their mess and then driving off. leaving us to cope with the smell. 
The bad smell is not the only problem. The litter attracts stray dogs and cats and Is a potential fire hazard 
Obviously the owner of the lot does not care that it is being used as a dum p because we have never seen anyone cleaning the lot or any signs posted about no dumping. 
I don’t think I and my neighbors should pay for the cleaning of the lot, but something has to be done. 
Also, what insurance do we have that once cleaned, the lot will stay that way? 
Can you do something for us? Anything that would relieve the smell and the num ber of anim als would be a blessing. 
MRS. D. E. G- 

A ction -E xp ress co n ­ tacted the 
Environ­ mental Health Division at City Hall and regis­ tered a complaint. An investigator went out to the lot and determined it was a health hazard- 
The owner does not live in San Antonio and ev i­ dently he does not know his lot is being used as a dump. 

There is a city ord in ­ ance prohibiting dum p­ ing, so the division will have signs posted warn­ ing violators of the consequences. 

Since the trash seem ed to be confined to one large heap, the in v esti­ gator said the city g a r­ bage crew would clean the arca. 

Building scaler 

The recent story in your paper about the nut who scaled the World Trade Center in New York City got m e to wondering where a sim ilar act m ight be performed in the Alamo City. 
I realize San Antonio does not have any buildings which come close to equaling the size of the T rade 
Center, but I do want to know what the tallest building in San Antonio is. 
Also, do you know w hether a person would be arrested if he climbed a tall building here? 
SPIDEY 

First of all, under any circu m sta n ces, Action- 
Express does not recom ­ mend anyone in San An­ tonio try this stunt. 
Excluding the Tower of the A m ericas, which is 
622 feet tall (75o feet with the television antenna), the tallest building would be the Tower Life Build­ ing at 3o stories and 4o4 feet. 
The second tallest is the 
N ix P ro fessio n a l 
Building, 23 stories, 375 feet; followed by the Na­ tional Bank of Commerce 
Building with 24 stories, 
31o feet. 
Should the Southw es­ tern 
B ell 
T eleph one 
Building at Martin and 
Navarro Streets ever be completed, it will be the tallest at 8oo feet. 
A lthough the city a t­ torney’s office told A c­ tion-E xpress there was no specific city ordinance against scaling a build­ ing, a spokesm an from the P olice D epartm ent 

 said a scaler would be arrested. 
“ He would be violating 
Penal Code Article 42o3 
— obstructing highw ay or other passageway,” a spokesman from the Po­ lice Department said. 
E nder the a r tic le , a person violates the law when he, w ithout legal p riv ileg e, d iso b ey s a reasonable req u est or order to m ove, the spokesman said. 
“ When a person scales a building, he gets him ­ self involved with crowd control and traffic,” the spokesm an said . “ If a crowd forms near a fire hydrant or tr a ffic is stopped, he is at fault.” 
“ The enforcem ent of this regulation is not only for the scaler s own safe­ ty, but also for the safety of the pedestrian and car drivers. 
“ He is, in e ffe c t, creatin g m ass co n fu ­ s io n .” the sp ok esm an concluded. 
Bad lawnmower 
I am writing to you because you get results better than anybody else. 
My question is — is it legal to operate a m ower without a top cover? This particular mower has the cutter blade completely exposed. 
Every time my neighbor uses it in his yard, it rains rocks and stuff against my house and cars and 
I am not too happy about it. 
What can I do? I know it isn’t safe. 
A. A. 
Spokesmen from both city attorney’s office 
A the P olice D epart- nt said there was no y ordinance ag a in st in m ow ers w ithout ers as such, low ever, the spokes* 

 man from the city attor­ ney’s office said if there was an excessive amount of garbage throw n in your yard, you could file com plaints on the basis of Uttering or creating a nuisance. 
Small stop sign 

I ran across som ething the other day and it 
>uzzled me. Maybe they are a common sight, but I lave never seen them before. 
I am talking about a stop sign that is only about wo or three feet tall. 
I know the sign used to be a regular tall sigh. 
)vernight it seems to have grown smaller. 
Why is it there. Will this be the trend for new stop jgns? lf so, what is the reason for them? 

A spokesman from the ghway department said is type sign is a tern­ a r y sign usually put 
IWB near construction tea. 
If there is ho construe- in in the area, the tem- irary sign is put up hen the permanent sign knocked down and the oting is damaged. 
Tile tem porary sig n s 

M. R. S. are put in place while the 
Installation of the bigger sign is completed. 
Perm anent sig n s are seven feet tall, but the temporary ones are kept low so as to keep from being blown over, the spokesman said. 
The tem porary sig n s are not im planted into the ground but are on a stand. 

Driver education 
Vacancies are still available for driver education classes at M emorial High School. Classes s ta rt 
Monday. 
Students wanting Phase I and ll or just Phase II should call the d riv e r education d e p a rtm e n t, 
433-2361, Ext. 341 to register. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
P a g e 3 -K 
Eye Institute of S.A. planned 

:■ ■-; 
/ i 
T 
I o 
■ 

ARTHUR VELTMAN JR. 
Veltman to head group 

Arthur Veltman dr. has been elected president of 
The River Road Neigh­ borhood A ssn., w hich represents 3oo families and a commerical area along 
N\ 
St. 
M a ry 's 
Street encompassed by 
Hie M cAllister E x p ress­ way and B rackenridge 
Park. 
Veltman is a m em ber of Centro 21, a downtown revitalization task force, and a commissioner with the ban Antonio Conven­ tion and V isito rs C om ­ mission. 
Veltman said his goals for his 1977-78 term in­ clude preservation and protection of the neigh­ borhood ch a ra c te r and new d ev elo p m en t co m ­ putable with the city's master plan. 

The advantages of healthy eyes and good sight are not missed by the blind alone. 
The partially sighted, the visually im paired, the near-sighted, the far­ sighted and the m yopic also m iss them. 
And eye problems are not limited to m e m b e rs of these categories. Many 
Texans are plagued by them. 
“ With so much to be learned about the h u m an eye an d eye d is e a s e s through research, an eye institute in ban Antonio must become a reality,” said Dr. George W. Weinstein, ophth­ almologist. 

Diagnostic center 

An ey e in s titu te is a d ia g n o s tic center with hospital-type facilities. It could provide the most m odern tech­ nology. equipment and care for those who suffer from eye problems. 
With that in mind, bun A ntonians have formed the Eye Institute of bun 
A ntonio 
C o m m itte e w h ich has launched a drive to raise $25o,ooo from private donations and pledges. 
A ch ie v em en t of th a t goal would mean qualification bv the project fur governmental and foundation funding. 
Total cost of the proposed eye insti­ tute is estim ated at $2 million. The proposed Eye Institute of ban Antonio would be established as part of the 
U niversity of Texas H ealth Science 
Center at ban Antonio. 
Construction of the institute would bi' expected to take less than one year a f te r fu n d s have been r a is e d , Dr. 
Weinstein said. 
New concept 

‘‘Eye institutes are being established throughout the co u n try ,” Dr. W ein­ stein said. “ It is a relatively new con­ cept in eye treatm ent, education and research, but it is long overdue. 
“Cities like Miami, Milwaukee. Ok­ lahom a City. Los Angeles and B alti­ 

 more have eye institutes and have all seen ophthalmology growing stronger as a result. 
“ In each of these cities, the strong ties between the private practicing and the academ ic com m unity of o phthal­ mologists have grown stronger also. 
“ An eye institute is an in- and out­ patient treatm ent center and som eth­ ing m ore.” Dr. Weinstein said. “ It is a research and education center. 
“ Ophthalmologists, teachers, scien­ tists and students would have a center sn which they could work. learn and discover m ore about the hum an eye and its diseases,” he said 
Draw on resources 
P rivate ophthalm ologists would be able to draw on the resources of the eye institute and it would also serve as a counseling and rehabilitation center for the partially sighted and the blind 
P a tie n ts of the full tim e facility would be appointed by referral only, 
Dr. Weinstein said. 
“ It is possible that indigent patients currently eared for at the Robert B 
Green Eye Clinic would be seen within a resident's clinic if un agreem ent can be made with the Bexar County Hospi­ tal District for this.” he added. 
Serving on the Eye Institute Com ­ mittee are Mrs. R. Lee Moffett, chair­ man; Harold M Freem an, treasurer; 
Charles U ndine; Thom as E. Hogan. 
M D.; John L. Matthews. M D.; Ja m es 

L. Mims, M.D.; H Lee Moffett, Col. 
Donald W. Peacock.; Ralph Winton; 
ILB Zaehry and Dr. Weinstein. 
“ W’e are extremely gratified by the enthusiasm which the community has shown toward the Eye Institute of ban 
Antonio project,” Mrs. Moffett said 
“ And it will be the support of the enfin community that will bring it to fruition.” she added. 
The ban Antonio Society of Ophthal­ 

 mology and Otolaryngology, the m a ­ jority of whose m em bers serve on the faculty of the medical school, has en­ dorsed establishment of the Institute. 
The blate Commission for the Blind, the Texas C hapter of the A m erican 
Assn of W orkers for the Blind, the 
National Council of blate Agencies for the Blind and the Texas School for the 
Blind have also endorsed the Eye In­ stitute of ban Antonio. 

Y o u ’ll be am azed at the things you can sell with a Want Ad! 

Call 225-1666 

We care about your son at San Antonio Academy. 

Established in 188o, San Antonin Academe i', the o ld e st private military scht*ol west of the 
Mississippi. We offer . i i i outstanding fatuity and curriculum for your .son. pre st hts J through 8th grade. 
Our low teat her/student ratio ullous individu­ alized attention for cath E n 
In a military env ironment vc hie h enflames self discipline, we otter a well rounded program emphasiz­ ing strong academics, athletics, cultural activities and non demoninattonal chapel sen it es. 
C ating ah ut hews has been a 91-year tradition at San Antonio Academy. Call, write or come bv tor an appointment if you're interested in the best education your son can experience. 

M 2 /7 I 1-7 V1I 
P O. POX 12o4* l l ? F. FR ENC H PLACE 
SAN ANTONIO. TX. 7*212 
SAN 
ANTONIO 
ACADEMY 
GLOBE 

 men’s sport or dress shirts 

Men s short sleeve dress or sport shirts in solids or prints. 
65/35 poly cotton, permanent press in sizes 14V2-17. dress and S M L X U sport 

Our Low Prices Make 
Lawn & Garden 
Care Easier! 

 men’s ties 

Solids O' radices Regular or ready 

FUZZBUSTER 

 detects RADAR before it can T R A P you! 
BOTH VISUAL AND AUDIO SIGNALS 
WARN YOU ON APPROACHING RADAR 

• Easy installation — Plugs into lighter 
• No antenna or special wiring required 
■ Operates up to 1o times the range of radar 
» Sensitive to both stationary and moving radar 
• Keeps you aware of your s p e e d - will save you time and m oney. 

Nig 

Solid State Circuitry 

76c 
Sun Bronzed dark tanning oil 
So t 
53', 
Quaker State motor oil 

Quail 

Bld! A CoRcfM O'one Sit'** i»t 
" IR'T A# ’iu d * rn* ■ ijin i ixfi.i 94*4111 «i 

■ 

RIGHT. 
GUARD 
^ ccflorart J 

99' 
Right Guard deodorant 

J 

 r reg. 39.S6 men’s Duval calendar watch lasero'R»a Cif mo** nm* 4„<j 
* t o I« W » 
ARR1' «►. 
*ou »•«>.! 
RIM* Colo' a 141 A" rn*;* tnt 
C a’ J A .4 -A b e <n ,A " o * Ana * . " 4 

J & J shampoo citronella candle 

I t rn Keep* dugs awny id* *4wrt tom#* i* ««»Or'e4 wOtftrn 

 garden hand tools 

:u!!tv*tOV * * lr * * * 
Cu«nt#r top quality, 
* toots from gsugo f t * I 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
►238 Military Drive 
*49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 

ASSURANCE THAT 

•O u r p re s c rip tio n s a te I. >«r p m d ' ll yow ImO a low er p u c e I)' 

 p re s c rip tio n b o ll Ie 'iu d I* "C P I Are *»" re 'u 'id m e d iffe re n c e ’ 
•D u rin g th e a d p e rio d * e rn jp ;n an c o m p e titio n s o n e tu n e -,t»i 

4* 
... i, 

B y f g S K , FANTASTIC FOOD & DRUG SPECI 

ALBERTSONS 
WITH ONE CENTRAL CHECKOUT! 
DRUGS* FOODS 
P R IC E S E F F E C T IV E S U N . M O N ,, T U E S ., J U N E 5 ,6 ,7 ,1 9 7 7 • L IM IT R IG H T R E S E R V E D 

MR. SCOTT 

PROFESSIONAL 

Ti 
% GALION DO-IT-YOUR­ 
SELF PEST CONTROL SPRAY 

 ii 
— < 

M a . S c o 'f t 3 
N K W ! I’M *" do n rou«^,f 
PEST CCHTR6L 
I # / wi a m m i 
JgST^ 
- :5 

/H ts a r s " — ,- is r s - '5/ 
J 

G A LLO H ^ 

KILLS MOST 
HOUSEHOLD 
PESTS FAST! 

ASSORTED METAL TENNIS 
RACKETS 
YOUR CHOICE OF STURDY 
STEEL OR ALUMINUM 

GREAT 
SUMMER 
FUN! 

FAST FREEZE 
BLUE ICE 

FOR DRIPLESS COLD STORAGE! 
AIL PURPOSE PACH— REG. 99' 

MOORE % "x5 o ’ RUBBER 
WATER mu 
SUPER DURABLE HOSE IS GREAT 
FOR ANY LAWN & CARDEN USE. 

SUPER 
SAVINGS 
NOW! 

CHUCK STEAK 
,88* 
R I B E Y E _ ................. 
298 

« • aa*. j a p 
U S D A G R A D E " A " W H O L E 
. c d 
Y 
F 
P s c u t u p lb -57' 
A Q * 
I n 
8 8n« i i m m m m m m m m m m m m m m 
L B . ^ r ar 
FRYER BREAST E S T .. ,88* 
FRYER DRUMSTICKS® 
79* 
FRYER THIGHS r.A°TE A. ,73* 

U S D A G R A D E “ A 
' T H IG H S , a 
PICKOCHICK .B.RE:ST.s.DRr.ST.CKS,79c 
SLICED MEATS as43* 
PIMENTO CHEESE^5.7 p?J79c 

3 
3 9 

“1 3 9 

FRESH 

C R E S S E 

TURKEY ROAST*™ 
FISH KABOBS s 

. 
PKG 

S W IF T W H IT E A N O D A R K 

2 LB . P K G . 

V A N D E K A M P S 
1 6 o Z .‘ rn rn rn rn rn t 
P K G . 

ASST. FRYER PARTS 
2 BREAST HALVES, 2 THIGHS, 
2 DRUMSTICKS, 2 BACKS 4 
WINGS S 2 SETS OF GIBLET 

EN P O D S __ 

HONEYBUNS. TTI... A 39' 
STRAWBERRIES 
. A 29' 
ONION RINGS."'”*", i 51 ‘ 
LIMA BEANS . 
. 
. ii 45‘ 

HOT DELICATESSEN 
HICKORY SMOKED BBQ 
TOGO 

- H H 
BANQUET 
DINNERS 
11 OZ. PKG. 

A L I v a r ie ­ tie s j ^ r r 
EXCEPT G S I 
FISH 
ANO 
HAM tem 

■ 
■ 
M 
M 
M 
POWDERED 
DETERGENT 
ARM AND HAMMER 

 j a m 

COMPLETE PHARMACY 

LET OUR REGISTERED PHARMACIST 

■ c a 9 

FILL YOUR NEXT PRESCRIPTION WITH',; 
FAST, FRIENDLY, DEPENDABLE 
SERVICE! 

, V . 

GRAPE JELLY 

OVEN CLEANER r** t i ' 
■ 
' - - * 
MUSHROOMS 

32 
OZ. 
« i i « a * I * JAR 
. 
1 vs 
. L 
16 
DOW 
o £ 
• ■ 3 « a a n * w 
« TIN 

JANET LEE 
99 

FRUIT 

OREO 
C K T A I L .. 

OR DOUBLE STUFF 
OOKIES .NABr . . 

STEM S & PIECES 
OZ. C C J 
- i a TIN 

16 „ 
OZ. i i 
I 
TIN 

 a n n a * PKG. 
C 

 ra j 
PEACHES 

CALIFORNIA 
TOP 
QUALITY 

NOWIN 
SEASON 

 a i i f 
M n m a s 
A 
W A S H IN G T O N S IN G S 
C 
M 
F 
R 
R 
I 
F 
Q 
J U IC Y A N D R IP E 
Q 
Q 
' ' 
V 
I I C 
S 
Y 
H 
I 
W a 
........................................... p 
. 
L B .M V 
GREENONIO NS™f?r 2 only 29* radish es ?r4” 
Y:rr. 2 S&29* 

^ 
R 
I 
C 
H 
IN V IT A M IN S rn 
CARROTS .n.B.CE.LLo.8:u 
49* 
LEMONS 
S U N K IS T a FULL O F JUICE • LARGE SIZE 
L B 39* 

ANGEL F O O D c a k e rn 
LARGE 
I M 
LARGE 
UNICED 
“ FRESH 
DAILY” 

D E L IC IO U S 
1 L B . L O A F 
* a a 9 a rn a EA. 
GARLIC BREAD, 
CINNAMON ROLLS^h2n.15only 
CARROT CAKE !H .T. a a a EA. 

69*' 

S -J 

I 29 

12 TABLETS 
SINUTAB 
FOR FAST RELIEF OF SINUS 
HEADACHE AND CONGESTION 

 to c 
JC o 
I 
J fa «*» O 
CD I s e o 
5 

 i l l a 

V 
I 

 b isc u its’ 

 a l 

J 

TABLETS 
FOSFREE 
CALCIUM AND IRON VITAMIN 
TABS FOR DIET SUPPLEMENT 

A V A IU S IU T Y 

Each of these adversed ism s is returned lo be readily available (or sate at or below the advertised one* in each 
Albertson s store weest as specifically ro a d ut this ad 
WUN CKEC*: 

V * stove to have on hand sufficient stock of advertised merchandise it tor any rea­ son we are out of stock a 
RAIS CHECK wrfi be issued enabling you to buy the item at the advertised price as soon as it becomes available 

BY MISSION 
LABORATORIES 

 hoi TOOTHPASTE 
COLGATE 
FLUORIDE FORMULA 
PREVENTS TOOTH DECAY 

• l f AHT IK H fTS RtKRVKD * 

 r 
. 

LMoLI1 
RAPID SHAVE 
NEW IRISH SPRING SCENT 
IN 11-OUNCE FOAM 

PILLSBURY SWEET 
OR BUTTERMILK 
4'/2-oZ, TIK 
DRESSING 
KRAFT 1ooo 
J S £ f c > 
ISLAND 
A 
D 
V 
8-oi. BOTTLE 
■ 
§ 
* 
DRESSING 

R M H ll A t fr en c h 
M 
M 
* 
I B OZ BOTTLE 
V 
Q 

PARMESAN 
KRAFT GRATED g AQ 
CHEESE 
I 
W 
8-o2. PKG, 
I 
CHEESE 
KRAFT DELUXE SLICED gh&fi 
SWISS OR AMERICAN 
K 
*1 * 
8-o2. PKG. 

JAR CHEESE 
59 

KRAFT. ALL 
VARIETIES 
5 o7. JAR 

OPEN 24 HRS. 
7 DAYS A WEEK!! 

3 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 

IH 41o AT BANDERA ROAD 
57o7 B A N D E R A RD. * 684-8852 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
1 1743 WEST A V E N U E # 349-5287 
WALZEM RD. AT MIDCROWN 
5538 W A L Z E M R O A D • 656-62oo 

PRICES EFFECTIVE: 
SUNDAY-TUESDAY, JUKE 5, 6, 7,1977 

USC team replaces 
I 
.jlL'K 
Tigers or* throne 

OSHMANS Sporting G o o M 

Spurs hope draft 

 will help ti heir 

 a i 'TW y' 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
OF THE EXPRESSNEW S STAFF 

Picking 37th iii the NBA collegiate draft is a lot like going out on a blind date. 

You might be pleasantly surprised. . .or just plain surprised. 

4o other names 

‘‘I could mention about 4o other names. Who knows, Wesley Cox (Louis­ ville) or Tate Armstrong (Duke) could still be there when we pick. 
“ It sounds crazy to say. but a guy dratted in the fifth round might have as good a chance to make it as a guy picked in the* second. I think there are more good chances in the draft this season than last, but there aren't as many cinches. 
“ That's why people are saying it's a slim draft. But I disagree. I predict there’ll be at least 2o rookies who'll still be around come Dec. I." 
There seems to be little doubt the Milwaukee Bucks, picking first, will take Indiana center Kent Benson. At one time it was thought UCLA forward 
Marques Johnson was the sure second pick. No more. 
When Brian Taylor insisted Kansas City trade him, that left a rather sizable hole in the King backcourt. Since the Kings draft second that is a position University of Houston guard Otis Birdsong will likely occupy. 

Sky high 

“ His stock has really gone sky high,” says Bass. “ Every indication is he'll be the second guy picked. And I think he has a chance to become an excellent player, like a Hon Boone or a John Williamson. 
“ At times Johnson is a great player, but there is a question about his intensity. And that's important over an 82-game schedule.” 
Another outstanding prospect, 6-1o Minnesota junior Michael Thompson, recently withdrew his name from the hardship list, thus signalling a new era in professional basketball, says Bass. 
“ It's an indication no one is going to give millions to an untried rookie,” says Bass. “ And that s the way it should be. People are willing to pay 
Julius Erving that type of money because he has proven himself. Now guys will work to reach their potential instead of being complacent. 
“ Before it was the tail wagging the dog.” 

IL ' - — 
-? & ■ 
ADIDAS 

 r v 
MATCH 

///■ 
- ■ 

A great looking, long wearing canvas shoe especially for tennis. Soft, padded ankle col­ lar. Special foot-bed inlay insole, removable and easily washable. 
Transparent, oil-ext­ ended outsole plays well on any surface. 

Reg, l l .95____________ 7 .9 7 

Q-BEAM 
SPOTLIGHT 

2oo,ooo candle power il­ luminates objects over 

 one mile away. I 5 ft. cord plugs into cigarette 

 lighter. Weights only 2’/2 lbs. 

Sale Price 

1 4 . 9 7 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
CHAMPAIGN, 111. — Sprinter Herman Frazier and unheralded high jumper Kyle Arney led Arizona State over the long-distance and field men of Texas El Paso and Washington State Saturday to give the Sun Devils the title in the NCAA outdoor track and field championships. 

Frazier won the 4oo-ineter dash and anchored the 4oo-meter and 
1.6oo-meter relay teams, which finished second. Arney, whose previous best high jump was 7-4, captured the event at 7-6 and missed three attempts at a world record height of 7-Tty. 
Dwight Stones set the record of 7-7l4 last year. 
Arizona State won by the surprising large margin of 64 to 5o for second place Texas El Paso. Southern Cal. the defending cham­ pion was third with 48, followed by Washington State with 46. 
Frazier's victory in the 4oo-meter dash cut Texas-El Paso’s lead to 44-38, then freshman Tonv Darden Jinished second in the 

MARQUES JOHNSON 

OTIS BIRDSONG 

That is the position the Spurs will find themselves in — barring the possibility of a trade to obtain a higher pick — when the NBA holds its draft 
Friday. 
San Antonio sent its first round selection to Los Angeles for Mack Calvin, so the Spurs will have the Lith pick oil the second through 
1oth rounds. 
When a team starts with No. 37 and goes on to 59, 81. etc., it is, at best, an exercise in pot luck. 
“ When you get to that point in the draft.” says Bob Bass, assistant to Spurs President Angelo Drossos, “ you look for a player with some major league tools, like speed, quick­ ness or jumping ability. 
“ At that point you’ll find a guy with one or two of those tools. Then you just hope he jumps into his own.'' 
Bass, who recently signed a new contract with the club, scouted some 5o college games this season, and has a fairly comprehensive list of some of the players who may 
GROSSMAN 
)3(, unattached by the time the Spurs pick. 

Among those on Bass’ list are 6-9 center John Irving of Hofstra; 6-8 >2 frontcourt man Toby Knight of Notre Dame; 6-7 forw ard Dan Henderson of 
Arkansas State, and 6-1 guard Ed Jordan of Rutgers. 
Irving, who certainly possesses a successful basketball name, was among the national leaders iii rebounding with 16 a game. “ He’s got a nose for the ball,” said Bass. “ and that's not an easy thing to teach. 
“ He’s quick enough, and he runs and jumps well. But he can’t shoot from the outside, and he’s not a very good passer. Still, he might not be around by the time we pick.” 
Knight is a left-hander who Bass says shoots well from the outside. “ Ile came on late so he didn’t excite too many people.” 
At 225. Henderson is a power forward. He shot 55 per cent while aver­ aging 216 points and IO rebounds a game. Jordan averaged 17.7 points and seven assists, but was not as effective as lie was in his junior year when 
Rutgers made it to the NCAA’s Final Four. 

EL DORADO 
8x1o 
CABIN 
TENT 

Center height 6 6 , 5 walls. Flame retardant and mildew and rot resistant. Two large side screened windows with storm flaps. Nylon and screen door with storm flap over screen. 
Canvas white roof and blue nylon walls with sewn-m poly floor. Sleeps 5, 

Sale Price 
6 9 . 9 7 

SUPERSTAR 
PACER’ DELUXE 

7* * EXERCISE BIKE 

'n 
7 9 . 9 7 

STANDARD 

MODEL 

7e9%5 5 9 . 9 7 

 luty PVC with 2 oar locks, safety, non- 
:k air valves, 5 air compartments. 
, 33o lb. capacity. (Oars, Pump and i ("me Illustrated but not included.) 

IV I arsha! I 
I umbles 
Once a leffiF Sale 

 rizona St. wins 

2oo-meter dash to pick up eight points and put the Sun Devils on top. 
But with just two events left, the high jump and the 1.6oo-meter relay, the Sun Devils found themselves in a tie with Washington 
Stale and UTER. All had 46 points. 
Washington State had moved up on a one-two finish in the 5,9oo meters by Kenyans Joshua Kimeto and Samson Kimombwa, who won the 1o,ooo’ meters Friday, and a fourth-place finish in the triple jump by NCAA indoor champion Ian Campbell. 
U T E ? had caught up on Arnold Grimes’ fifth place finish in the triple jump. 
Then USG won the 1,6oo-meter relay and Arizona State’s team of 
Clifton McKenzie, Rick Walker, Gerald Burl and Frazier came in second to add eight points. 
Meanwhile, in the high jump, U T E P ’s Greg Joy, aCanadian silver medalist in the 1976 Olympics, had gone out at 7-3 to take fourth and Franklin Jacobs of Fairleigh-Dickinson bowed out at 
7-5 to take second. Assured of a team and individual victory, Arney then took three cracks at the world record, but didn't come dose. 

OLD SMOKEY 

GRILL 

Perfect for apartment 

 living. 
Galvanized iron 

 covered grill keeps 

 smoke in for great Bar-JB- 
Q flavor. Top and bottom draft. 

Apartment Size I I . 97 

Large Size 
15.97 

I IO LB. 
BARBELL SET 
& WEIGHT 
BENCH 

Revolving barbell set complete with revolvin discx, 68 barbell bar, two, 15 ' dumbo 

 bars, cast iron barbell and dumbell collar; 
Weight lifting bench with vinyl covering. Stee construction and fixed support arms. 

1 6 . 9 7 

GLADDING 
INFLATABLE 
BOAT 

By KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
O F THI EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

T E M P E , Ariz, - In a less than inspired performance, 
Trin ity’s Stacy Bowman and 
Ann Schroeder dropped a 6-3, 6-3 decision to Brigham Young’s 
Karen Kennington and Sue 
Brown in the consolation dou­ bles finals of the UST A Women’s 
Collegiate Championships Sa­ turday night. 

It was the second loss of the tourna­ ment for Bowman and Schroeder to the 
BYD team. Kennington and Brown, the third-seeded team here w hen the week began, knocked off the 
Trin ity tandem in championship play 
Friday morning. 
Before the consola­ tion doubles match, 
LISC’s Barbara Hall- quist became the fourth collegian to win back-to-back UST A singles titles when she whipped USO team- 

O K E E F F E 
6-3, 1-6, 6-2. 
Hallquist, who was the top seed in the tournament for the new USTA team champions, joined Alabama’s 
Roberta Allison ( 1962-63), Trin ity’s 
Emilie Burrer (1968-69) and Redlands’ 
Janice Metcalf (1972-73) as a champion two straight years. 
Miami’s Jodi Appelbaum and Terry 
Salganik, the eighth-seeded team, took tile doubles title, whipping LSU’s Ann 
Ellis and Hay McDaniel, 7-6, 6-o. 
Besides the doubles loss in the even­ ing. Trinity dropped out of consolation singles earlier in the day when Sandy 
Stap dropped a quarterfinal match and 
( arrie Fleming lost in the semifinals. 
Stap was blitzed by McDaniel, 6-1, 
6-1. and Fleming lost to eventual con­ solation singles champ Ann Etheredge of Mississippi University for Women, 
6-3, 7-6 (5-3). Fleming did score a quarterfinal victory against Rollins’ 
Felicia Hutnick, 6-3, 6-1. 
The Saturday night doubles loss ended Trinity’s week on a sour note. 
The defending champion Tiger ladies 
See TIGERS, Page BS 

I rack 

SEGUIN — Victoria St roman scored three unearned runs in the bottom of the sixth inning Saturday night to defeat the 
Marshall Rams, 7-5, in the third and deciding game of the Class AAAA regional finals. 

The victory at Fairgrounds Park sends Stroman to the state tournament in Austin next week w ith a 3o-7 record, 

Sale Price 
4 1 . 9 4 

48 QUART 
ICE CHEST 

Made of high impact 

 plastic with polyure­ thane insulation. Cant corrode or rust. 

Sale Price 

S im ila r 

E x p r P K K - S e w s 

Page IS 

FOYT works on his car during Saturday lull 

AP WIREPHOTO 

OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 
COLLEGE STATION - Tom 
Williams of Schertz qualified for a spot in the first row for Sun­ day’s Texas 5oo Stock Gar race 
Saturday, but he wasn’t happy. 

Instead tin* 33-year-old Williams was incensed because Texas World Speed­ way and United States Auto Club offi­ cials elected to start the 33-car field three abreast, break- mg a long st and mu tradition of two-at-a- time out of the start­ ing blocks. 
“ It ’s the most ig­ norant thing I’ve ever seen,” said Williams after qualifying for the third and outside spot in the front row with an average speed of 167.17o miles per <4 hour on the two-mile, 
BRO YLES banked oval track. “ It’s downright stupid. 
“ The change is strictly for show,” continued W illiam s, who qualified sixth here last year and finished 16th i i i the final tally. “ Hut ifs dangerous 
What the promoter would like to see, by making a change like this, is to have a big wreck on the first turn and 
See SCHERTZ, Page IS 

SHOP MON.-FRI. ’TIL 9 P.M. — SAT. ’TIL 6 P.M. 

Bv JOHN HINES 
OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

Marshall, which finished 24-12, had scored an unearned run in tho top of the sixth for a 5-4 lead before the roof caved in. 
The Rams broke a, 4-all deadlock 
— which had existed since the second inning — largely through the help of Stroman shortstop Robert 
Martinez. 
Ted Manwaring started the in­ ning with a single to center and. one out later, W illy Frantzen hit a grounder to Martinez, who threw the ball past firbase, leaving run­ ners on first and third. 
Steve Hill then came through w ith a long sacrifice fly to center to score 
HINES 
Manwaring after looking at a curve ball from Stroman reliever Noel Uelgado that 
Raider fans thought split the plate for a third strike. 
Errors help Raiders 

After getting the first out in the sixth, Marshall’s 
Roddy Willis walked Kenny Reyes and his infield then broke down on two important plays. 
Martinez hit a bouncer back to the box but second baseman Mike Ruiz did not go over to cover the bag on the attempted force and both runners were safe. 
Mark Garrett hit a grounder that Ruiz booted and 
Reyes scored the tying run. 
Starting pitcher Petey Morris grounded past drawn-in first baseman Hill and Ruiz could do 

See MARSHALL, Page HS 

O S H M 
A M 
SGoods 

727 NORTH W EST LOOP 4 1 o 
Phone 3 4 2 -4 2 8 1 
B etw een San Pedro Cf Blanco Road 
[Across From Central Park Mall] 
.OPEN AN OSHMAN’S CHARGE OP USE YOUR BANK A MERICA PO OR MASTER CHARGE, 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
This week in Sports 

SU N D A Y 
P ro B a s e b a ll: San A n to n io D o d g e rs vs 
Shreveport Keete Field, 7:3o p m 

Motorsporfs 
Texas >oO, College Station, 
I 

M O ND AY 
P ro B a s e b a ll: San A ntonio D o d g e rs vs 
Shreveport Keefe Field. 7:3o p m 

College Tennis 
Trinity women at a ia w Na tionpis Baton Rouge, La. 

Tennis SchiiN Youth Program (it (re to ages 
9 Si) .Mission County Pork 

T U ES D A Y 
College Tennis: Trinity women at a ia w N a­ tionals Baton Rouge, La 

Tennis 
Sfhnt? Youth Program (tree to ages 
9 14», Highland Pork 

W E D N E S D A Y 

Pro Baseball 
Son Antonio Dodgers at Mid land 7:3opm 

College Tennis: trinity women at Ai AW Na boreas. Baton Rouge. Lo 

Tennis Sewn/ Youth Program (fre e to ages y-1 -J I. Mission County Park 
Pro Wrestling 
M unicipal Auditorium , 8 3o p.m. Feature 
Andre The Giant vs 
Bru ise r 
Brady other matches - Jim m y Siiuk'a vs The 
Iron Sheik 
Bm John vs George Mc Q u arry . 
Mike Vork vs Tommy Seigier Reno Tuutuli vs 
Leo Seif/ 

T H U R SD A Y 
Pro Baseball 
San Antonio Dodgers at Mid land (?). 6 3o p.rn 

College Tennis: 
T rin ity wom en of A IA W 
Nationals, Baton Rouge. Lo 

Tennis: Schnu Youth Program (free to ages 
9 14), Highland Park 

F R ID A Y 
Pro Baseball 
San Antonio Dodgers at Mid land (?), A: 3o o rn 

College Tennis 
Trinity women at A iA W Na hones Baton Rouge. La 

High School Basketb all: C harles Be an and 
G n oert Sa lin a s cit F a ith 7 Bow l (T e x a s vs 
Oxiahomo). Shawnee. Okia 

SA T U R D A Y 
Pro Baseb all: San Antonio Dodgers at Mid land 7 '.o p m 

College Baseball: Baylor vs South Carolina 
Omaha 

College Tennis 
Trinity women ai a ia w Na 

 ftoitats, Beton Rouge La 

High School Basketball: th a n e s Bean and 
G ilb e rt Sa lin a s at Forth 7 Bo w l (T e x a s vs 
Oklahoma), Shawnee. La 

M o to rsp o rfs: D ra g ra c in g , A la m o D ra g 
Racew ay. 7 p m 
Auto racing, Pa n A m e rica 
Speedway, 8 p rn 

SWT falls 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Southwest 
Texas’ Tom Davenport and Gary Sey­ mour were defeated in the finals of the 
NAI A doubles competition Sunday by 

Gordon Jones and Jim Twigg of H on ­ da’s Flagler University. 
The H-7, 6-3, H-1 victory was enough to give Flagler the overall team title. while SWT finished second with 24 points. 
BILL W A L T O N m o b b e d by fans S atu rd ay 

AP WIREPHOTO xvi \ 

TRANSMISSIONS 
INSPECT TOOR TRANSMISSION 
AND (*m you a 
'IM 
U G L S L D F A tR o n d HOVEST 

/ / t i l ) 
ESTIAA/NTE 

RESEAL. S P E C I A L .^ ? 5 

" P K O " T SC A X -A E A * SCAG* ADJUST B Afd O S 
J’SEX LlNKAOt-KEPlACE PAK GASKET* 
• clcai* eicrea? kb-c, 
•f<cont^«ar 

BI azer-m atua grips Portland 

FR EE ROAD 
T E S T 

■ 
Vre ALSO SERVICE J 
■ 
-TOYOTAS d a t s u n 
I o p S L S ere- 

TE:RMS A\iAlLAoL£ FR£E TOWING 
7361546 

ACP! O SS f R O M W O N D ER L A N D 
C O R N S * OF C O O P 4 1 o 4 ff2eOERlCK5ouA<E, RXD 
4 6 2 7 FREDERICKSBURG 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
PORTLAND, Ore. — An hour before the sun rose here Saturday there were some 
4,5(1o persons crammed inside the Portland 
International Airport terminal, waiting to greet 12 guys who put a ball through a hoop for a living. 

When the bleary-eyed Portland Trail Blazers climbed off a charter jet at 4:4o a.m.. the sometimes rowdy throng of well-wishers, some of whom had waited for seven hours, whooped it lip for about IO minutes, then went home. 
The latest episode of “ Bla/erm aiiia” was trig­ gered by the Trail Blazers' 11o-1o4 v ictory over the 
P liladelphia THers iii Philadelphia Friday night. 
The victory gave Portland a 3-2 lead iii their best- ol-seven .National Basketball Association champion­ ship series. 
Title 
Tile Blazers can win the title with a victory Sunday on their home court, where they have won 17 straight games. 
But why would anyone want to spend a sleepless night in a muggy airport to catch a glimpse of some basketball players? 
"Because they’re far out,” shouted Roger Miller, 
IS' "We came out here lo see the NBA ehamos to 

Father's Day Special! Save 15% on all styles of men's Hush Puppies! 

1 7 ° ° , o 2 6 35 

R eg. 2o.oo to 31.oo. For one week only, save on our popular Hush 
Puppies slip-ons for sporty, casual or dress occasions! Choose brushed pigskin or leather. Shown here, top to bottom: STR ATO . . . slip-on, perforated upper with steel shank support, crepe soles, in tan. 
SAN JUAN suede with canvas upper and strap accent on vamp, also in a lace-up style. In tan or brown. VICTOR . . . smooth leather with saddle stitching on uppers, accent strap with gold-tone buckle across instep, in bone and white. Also in tan, grey, or blue suede. All in sizes 
6V2-12 W; 7-12 M;# 8V2-12N. Men's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Austin, Charge a pair for your Dad! 

SM A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

N E W R O C H E L L E . N Y. (A P ) 
— Third-round results Sw turdav in the Ladies Professional Golf 
Association tournament over the 
W vkagyl Country Club course: 
JoAnn Corner 
Pat Bradley 
Jone Blalock 
Kathy McMullen 
Ju d y Rankin 
Choko Hiouchi 
Sandra Souiich 
Sandra Palm er 
Laura Bough 

72-7o-68-21o 
71-72 73-216 
72-74 71-217 
73-74-71-218 
72 74-73— 219 
69-77 74-22o 
72-76-72 — 22o 
7o-73-77-22o 
76 7o 74-22o 

H .J, Smith 
M arlene Floyd 
JoAnn Washam 
Porn Higgins 
Ja n Stephenson 
Debbie Austin 
Vivien Brownlee 
Shelly Hamlin 
Takako Kiyomato 
Carole Jo Skald 
M ary Mills 
Sandra Post 
Sally Little 

72-75-74-221 
73-76-73-22? 
71-76-75—222 
76-77-69-22? 
76 76-7o—222 
75-76-72-223 
77-76-7o-223 
74 79-7o-223 
76 77-7o-223 
72 81-7o-223 
72-78-73—223 
73-76 74-?23 
71-76-76—223 

\ I a r u t h o n w in 
T E R R E HAUTE, Iud. 
(AP) — Ken Burke, 23. 
Charleston, ll!., won his second straight Marath­ on Marathon Saturday by completing the 26-mile course here in 2 hours 26 minutes IT seconds. 
Walter Crawford, 28, 
Chicago, finished second in a field of 527 runners with a time bf 2:31.37. 
Larry Fox, 27. Castalia, 
Ohio, was third, hut his time was unavailable. 

N ATIO NA L 
FAST FOOD 
Franchise now avail­ able this area, call 
Granny's Basket. 
828-9611. 

Traeie 
Sigler, lo, 
Owensboro, Ky., won the women’s title with a time of 3:15.47. 
The sixth annual event, sanctioned by the Ama­ teur Athletic Union, at­ tracted runners from 23 states and four foreign countries. It is run in conjunction with the 
Banks of the 
Wabash 
Festival. slated 
The Free Spirits se­ cond annual track festi­ val will be held every 
Monday from June 13 to 
August I at Antonian 
High School, starting at 6 p.m. each Monday, it is open to all ages. For in­ formation call Arthur 
Rodriguez at 655-491)4. 

Dan Cook 

Hurtubise just w on’t back off 

 see Bill Walton be famous.” 
Eleven-year-old Grog Farrenkopf and four of his friends had waited since ll p.m. to see their heroes. 
"I haven t got to sleep yet and ifs way past my bedtime,” Farrenkopf said. “ But they’re the best team in the league and they're going to win the championship.” 
Molly McPhail. 16, and Susie Walston. 15, ( “ like 
Walton vvitlioul tin1 ‘s'” ) arrived at the airport at 9 p.m.. only a few minutes after the nationally televised contest ended. 
"W e played Monopoly for about three hours." 
Molly said “ We waited 3>2 hours one day for Blazer tickets and still didn t get any. we skipped school and everything. We figured if we could do that, we could wait six hours to see them." 
“ We brought a sign. See our sign up there?" asked 
Mary Lorenzo. 46. of Portland as she pointed to a banner that read “ 86 the 76ers and Give Shoe the 
Bool.” 
Sports 
“ This is the biggest sports thing that ever hap­ pened in this city," said Bob Campbell, 24. “ This is the only tiling Portland has that unifies it as a city.” 
“ We’re no longer the rain capital of the world. 
We're the basketball captital of the world.” Camp­ bell said. 
Still, the team was greeted by a familiar sight, a steady drizzle from skies just turning gray with the sunrise. 
Gam er ups golf lead to 6 shots 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEW ROCHELLE, N Y. (AP) - JoAnne 
Gamer shot a t'our-under-par H8 Saturday to take a commanding six-stroke lead with a 
21o after three rounds of the Ladies 
Professional Golf Association tournament here. 

The 38-year-old from Lake Worth, Fla., had three birdies as she moved to an almost insurmountable lead over Pat Bradley, the defending champion from 
Westford. Mass. 
Miss Bradley, with a double bogie on the 16th on 
Saturday, wound up with a 73 for lur 216. She was one stroke ahead of pony-tailed jane Blalock of 
Highland Beach, Fla. 
Eagle 
Miss Blalock, who had an eagle on the par-four. 
344-yard sixth hole of the Wykagyl Country Club course, posted a 71 to go with her 146 after two rounds. 
Kathy McMullen of Holmes Beach. Fla., also had a 
71 and was one stroke ahead of Judy Rankin with a 
218. Chaka Higuchi, Laura Baugh. Sandra Palmer and Sandra Spuzich were bunched at 226. 
Mrs. earner, leader going into Saturday’s round by one stroke over Pat Bradley, bogled the sixth hole However, she came right back with her second birdie and felt that “ I had won the tournament right then and there. 

Everybody’s got a price, they say, but the folks who offered Jim 
Hurtubise a thousand dollars weren’t even near the right ballpark. 
They must have been nuts to think that Jim would pass up one more chance at Indy for a lousy grand. 
Oh, he could have used the money. Ifs been a long time since 
Hurtubise has made a stout payday. He’s suffered through some lean months. A thousand, no doubt, would come in right handy. 
But to push his car out of line at Indy? Why, he’d rather sell his soul. 

As a matter of pure fact, it might well be that little Jim long ago sold his soul and it now belongs to that ancient, two-and-a-half-mile track located just outside Indianapolis. He seems to live for that once-a-year race. He hasn't made the starting lineup in three years now and ifs killing him. 

Jim doesn't look for sympathy but 

 for those who know his story he’s a rather pathetic sight each year as he hustles around Gasoline Alley. Bat­ tered. badly-burned and scarred. Jim won’t give up. 

He’s 44 years old so Father Time is hot on his trail. Jim has been walking hand and hand with bad luck most of his racing career but there was a time when he was the fair-haired boy at 
Indy, the youngster with the bright future. That was back in the early sixties. 
A.J. Foyt and all the others ate his dust during Jim 's rookie year at Indy in 1966. He was the hottest thing on wheels during practice sessions and in qualifying he set one and four-lap re­ cords. 

Jim charged for 185 laps in that I96o 

 race but a broken connecting rod forced him out and he finished 18th. 
Still, he was voted rookie of the year at 
Indy and his future looked so rosey. 
The next year Hurtubise started on the outside of the first row and he led the race for 35 laps, setting a new record on every lap. Lord how he charged in those days. But his cars never could keep up with him and a burned piston sent him in early that day. Well, there was always the next year. 

But the next year Jim crashed w hile attempting to qualify and he had to switch to another, slower ear. Still, he started, in the 29th position and. as fate would have it. of his IO starts at Indy that marked the only time for Hurtu­ bise to go the distance, finishing 13th. 
Okay, maybe next year. 
In ‘63 Jim again started from the first row and he again set a new record for the first lap of the race, lint then an oil leak ended that effort so Hurtubise, frustrated and disgusted, decided to build his own car. And he did. too. 

The bad wreck 

Jim designed and built his own lightweight roadster fur the '64 Indy race and he qualified it al slightly better than 152 miles-an-hour. good enough for an lith place start. He was running third and mov ing up when his oil pressure dropped and forced him out. 

That marked the last serious chal­ lenge by Hill til bise at Indianapolis and things sort of went downhill thereafter. 
A few weeks after the '64 Indy 5oo Jim was horribly burned in a crash in Mil­ waukee. Rodger W ard’s car went haywire and caused a wild seeable. 
Hurtubise drove over Foyt's back wheel, hit (he outside wall and burst into flames. 

They rushed him to the Army burn ward here and it was touch and go for about 16 days. He was more dead than alive when he arrived. Many hav e died with less serious burns. 

Jim 's hands were just about gone. 
Ho d never have feeling in them 

 again. So he had the medics screw the fingers up so that they would fit around a steering wheel. Nobody yet knows how but he left the hospital here in time to qualify for the 1965 Indy 5oo. 
Did he have any luck? A lot of it. All bad. too. On the first day of qualifying his throttle stuck and he crashed into the wall at the first turn. 

Now folks, this little guy was in some kind of pain. Perhaps more pain than you and I will ev er feel in our lifetimes. 
But he crawled away from that crash and then qualified his back-up car for a 
2oth-position start. 
It would be great if I could tell you that he won that year. But we all know that it didn’t happen. Much to the contrary, he went out on the first lap with a broken transmission. 
It s been that way ever since, in the years that Jim is lucky enough to lo­ cate a ride for the big event. 

And what does he do on the years 

 when he isn t in the field? Like I said. he always seems to be in a hurry as he scoots around Gasoline Alley, some­ times carrying a wrench and some­ times nibbling on a sandwich. Twice, when the traek was empty hours before a race, he thrilled fans and surprised officials by charging around the oval in his ancient, front-engine Oify. The old car screamed in agony as Jim pushed it to 15o. 

No. he’s not really much of a ham. 
It’s just that lie's got to be there, try­ ing. doing something. That race is as much of a part of him as his wife, his kids. Let’s face it, maybe more so. 
Wrong guy 
Jim knew he didn't have much of a chance of qualifying that old can he had in line on the final of trials at indy two weeks ago. But, by golly, it was a car and maybe, just maybe, some di­ vine powers might goose a little more speed from it for four laps when Jim stomped hard. 
And if it were not to be? Well, he tried one more time. 

This is the man who the Salt Walther 

 people approached with a thousand dollar offer. The sun was fading fast and qualifications were almost over. 
Perhaps time for just one more car and driver. Hurtubise was next in line. 
The W alther car was behind him. 
Would he trade places for a thousand dollars? 

Hurtubise didn t even answer. He just smiled until the smile turned into a thin laugh. Yeah, they had to be nuts, trying to buy that guy's place in an 
Indy line. They would have had about as much luck trying to buy Fo yt’s place in the winner's circle. 
Hollywood is missing a good bet on 
Hurtubise. They make movies about winners. Jim is not a winner. Yet. his life story would have move thrills, frustrations and crashes than any five 
Burt Reynolds’ movies. 
Bears face S. Carolina 

The Baylor Bears will play South 
Carolina at 8:16 p.m. June ll, to com­ plete the first round of play in the 
College Baseball World Series in 
Omaha, Neb. 
The tourney opens next Friday, June 
It), with Southern Illinois meeting 
Temple, followed by Arizona State and 
Clemson. 
Prior to Baylor-South Carolina, next 
Saturday’s other first-round game 

 matches Minnesota and Cal State-Los 
Angeles. 
Two former champs are in the field, 
Minnesota having won in 1956-6o-64 and 
Arizona State in 1965-67-69. 
Baylor got third place in 1948, its only other appearance in the CWS. 
Arizona State has a 52-11 record this year. Baylor 42-13, Clemson 41-8. South 
Carolina 46-16, Southern Idioms and 
Minnesota both 38- IO, Temple 34-7 and 
Cal State 32-2o. 

TELEVISION 
Sunday 
12:45 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 4) - WCT $2oo,ooo 

Tournament of Champions. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 4) — French Open Ten­ nis. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 5) — NBA on CBS: Game 

6 of Championship Finals, Philadel­ phia 76ers vs. Portland Trail Blazers. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 

Highlights. 

3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) - World Invita­ tional Tennis Classic: Hie Nastase vs. 
Arthur Ashe. 
I p.in. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 
I p.m. (Ch. 5) — The Kemper Open: 

Final Round. 

RADIO 
Sunday 
I p.m. OVOAI, 12oo) — Houston 

Astros vs. Cincinnati Reds. 

Hot Mets burn Phils 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
NEW YORK — Nino Espinosa and Skip Lockwood combined to blank Philadelphia on seven hits and Jerry Grote drove in both runs as the New York Mets won their fourth gam e in five starts for new Manager Joe Torre with a 2-o decision over the Phillies 
Saturday. 
Ilo s to n 

 w in s i t 

BLOOMINGTON. M inn. (A P ) - 
E m I Lynn singled twice to drive in two runs and made a sensational catch in center field as the Boston Red Sox defeated the Minnesota Twins 5-2 behind southpaw Bill Lee's six-hitter 
Saturday. 
Lee. T I. did not walk a batter and was aided by three double plays in the natiouallyteievised American League came. 
Lynn brought home the first run of the came in the third inning when he lined a two-out silicic to right to score 
Denny Doyle, who had doubled. 
Carl Yastrzemski tripled and scored on a two-out single by Bernie Carbo in the fourth to put Boston ahead 2-11. 
Minnesota’s Larry Bisie made it 2-1 

 i i i the bottom of the fourth when he hammered his 12th home run of the season and increased his league lead­ ing HBI total to 47. 

B O S T O N 
M I N N E S O T A ab r Ii bi 
4 o o 1 T e r r e l l 
5 o 2 2 
5 o 1 o lf 
4 1 1 o 
5 1 2 o 
o I o 

Burlson 
Ly nn 
Rice 
Y s tm k i 
Fisk 
GScott 
Ca rbo 
Hobson 
Doyle 

Total 

 cf dh 

 lb rf 
3b 
2b 

C a r e w 
F o r d 
Hisle 
W ilfo ng 
(Cusick 

3b lb 

 pr dh 

36 

3 1 2 1 W v n g a r 
3 o o o Belock 
3 2 2 o S m iley 
R ndall 
5 11.4 Total 

 cf ss 
2b 

 ab r h bi 
4 o o o 
4 o o o 
4 o 1 o 
4 1 3 1 
o o o o 
4 o o o 
3 1 1 o 
3 o o o 
3 o o 1 
3 o 1 o 
32 2 6 2 

Boston 
o o 1 1 o 1 1 1 o — 
5 
M inneso ta 
OOO I O O . o 1 o — .2 
E — Doyle. 
D P — Boston 
3. 
L O B — Boston 
9, 
Minnesota 
3. 
2B — Hisle, D o y le, 
Rice, 
Ca rbo. 
W y n e g a r . 
3B— Y a s t r z e m s k i 
H R — 
Hisle 
(12). 
S F — Burleson 
S B — Fisk, 
Doyle. 

IP 
H 
9 
6 
5 2-3 
7 
2 1-3 
4 
I 
o 

S— Hobson. 

E R BB SO 
2 
o 
I 
3 
I 
I 
2 
2 
2 
O O O n. 
T — 

Lee 
<W,3-1) 
T h r d s g r d 
< L.3-3) 
ToJohnson 
B u rg m e ie r 
W P — T h o rm ods gurd, 
2 12 
A — 15.29o. 

^ a u k s 8 , ( Chicago 6 

CHICAGO (AP) — Reggie Jackson s two doubles Saturday night keyed a seven-run second inning that carried the New York Yankees to an 8-6 \ ictory over the Chicago Whitt* Sox before a crowd of 35.789. largest of the season at 
Comiskey Park. 
Don Gullett. making his first start since May 2o. picked up his fourth trium ph against two losses. But he needed relief help from Dick Tit!row aud Sparky Lyle, who earned his loth sax e of the year. 
Gullett yielded five hits in six in­ nings. but three of them were homers, including Richie Zisk s loth of the season, which landed on top of the left field roof in tilt* second inning. It was only the 18th homer hit on or over the double-decked roof in the 68-year his­ tory of Comiskey Park. d ie t Lemon humored twice off Gul­ lett — in the fourth and sixth innings — and Oscar Gamble hit his ninth off 
Tidrow in the seventh. 
Jackson scored once and drove iii a run in the second, and Thurman Mun­ son knocked in two runs w ith a bases-loaded single as the Yankees snapped a four-game Chicago winning streak. 

N E W Y O R K 

Riv ers 
Rndlph 
Munson 
Chm bls 
R eJksn 
Nettles 
R W hite 
C M a y 
Dent 

 cf 
2b c lb rf 
3b lf dh ss 

C H I C A G O ab r h bi 
5 o 1 1 C a r r 
3 1 o 1 O w nin g 
4 1 1 2 B anistr 
5 1 2 
1 O rta 
2 
5 1 2 
1 Zisk r 
4 2 1 o LJhnsn 
4 1 2 
1 Lem on 
4 o o 
o Sdrhtm 
4 1 2 o N r d h g n 
G a m b l e 
Essian 
38.8 l l 7 Total 

 ph 

 ab r h bi 
4 o 1 o 
1 o o o o o 

1b cf 
3b dh dh 

o I 
o I 
1 I I 
2 2 o 
2 2 
o I 

Chambliss, 

Total 
N e w 
Y ork 
Chicago 
E — Lem on, d e rholm . 
L O B — N e w - 
2B — ReJackson 
2 
Zisk 
(15), 
L e m o n 
2 
RW hite. 

Gullett 
(W,4-2) 
T idrow 
Lyle 
BJOhnson 
(L.3-3) 
Wood 
Knapp 
S av e — L yle 
(IO ) 

3 o 
2 o o o 
2 111 
4 o 1 1 
3 9 .6 l l 6 
o 7 o o 1 o o o o — 
8 
o 2 o.2 o 1.1 o o- 6 
B a n n is t e r , 
So- 
Y o rk 
8, 
C h ic a g o 
7. 
3B — C h o m b lis s . 
H R — 
(8 ), 
G a m b l e 
(9 ). 
S— 

IP 
H 
6 
5 
I 2-3 
4 
I 1-3 
2 
I 2 3 
5 
4 1-3 
5 
3 
I 

E R BB SO 
4 
I 
2 
1 
o I 
o 
o I 
6 
2 
o 
2 
2 
I 
O O O 
T — 2:48. 
A — 35,789. 
Astros 8, Urds I 

CINCINNATI (AP) — Houston's Art 
Howe cracked a two-run homer and 
Joe Ferguson and Bob Watson belted two-run doubles to key the Astros' seven-run th ird in n in g , helping 
Joaquin Andujar continue his mastery over the Cincinnati Reds with an 8-1 victory Saturday night. 
Andujar, 6-3. scattered six hits in eight innings to extend his lifetim e record to 4-o against the Reds. Joe 
Sambito got the last three outs in the ninth. 
The Astros, in winning their fifth in six games against Cincinnati, battered rookie right-hander Tom Hume. o-2, who has been shelled in two of three big league starts. 
Andujar. a 24-year-old right-hander w ho w as traded by the Reds a year ago. lowered his earned run average against Cincinnati to 1.57 in 46 innings, over two seasons. 
The loss prevented the Reds from going over the .5oo m ark for the first time since A pril 9. 

H O U S T O N 
C I N C I N N A T I ab r h bi 
JGnzlZ ss 
4 o 1 1 
Rose 
3b 
Cabell 
3b 
5 1 2 1 G r iffe y rf 

JCruz rf 
4 1 1 o 
M o r g a n 
2b 
C r w fr d lf 
4 1 2 o 
Drssen lb 

Frgson c 
5 1 2 2 
G F s l e r lf 
Watson lb 
3 1 1 2 
Bench c 
H o w a r d cf 
2 o 2 o 
G r n in io cf 
CJhnsn lb 
4 1 1 o 
FJynn ss 
Howe 
2b 
4 1 2 2 
H u m e p 
A n d ia r 
P 
4 1 1 o 
M u r r a y p 
Smbito 
P 
o o o o 
Cldwll p 
Sum ers ph 
E as tw k 
P 
Bailey ph 

 a b r h bi 
4 o 1 o 
4 o 1 o 
4 o o o 
3 1 o o 
3 o 1 o 
4 o 1 1 
4 o*1 o 
4 o 2 o 
1 o o o 
o o o o 
1 o o o 
1 o o o 
o o o o 
I o 1 o 
39 8 13 8 Total 
34 I 8 I 
o o 7 . o o o o 1 o — .8 
OI o o o o.o o o—.I 
D P — Houston 
I. 
. L O B — 
Cincin nati 
9. 
2 B — F e rg u s o n , 

Toto' 
Houston 
Cincin nati 
E — G eronim o. 
Houston 
7, 
Watson, 
CJohnson, 
Bailey. 
H R — H o w e 
(4 ). 
S B— Driessen, 
J C ru z . 
S— J G o n z a le z . 
IP 
H 
R 
E R BB SO 
A n d u ia r 
(W .6-3 ) 
Sam bito 
H u m e 
(L.o-2 ) 
M u r r a y 
Caldwell 
E as tw ick 
T — 2:13. 
A — 45,414. 

81 
2 1-3 
I 2-3 

Loser Steve Carlton, 7-3. gave up runs in (he fourth and sixth innings. In the fourth, with one out. Dave King* man lined a double off the lower part of the left field wall. a ball misjudged by 
P fillies' left fielder Grog Luzinski. 
Mike Vail. who went 4-i'or-4, heat out an infield Im lo third base, sending 
Kingman to third. Grote (lien punched a single to right-center, scoring 
Kingman. 
Iii the sixth, after John M ilner flied out. Carlton hit Kingman with a pitch. then threw wildly trying to pick him off at first, allowing Kingman to ad­ vance to second. Vail topped a ground bali to third, which Philadelphia third baseman Mike Sehmist could not play bare-handed. Grote then singled to center to score Kingman. 

P H I L A 
................ 
N E W Y O R K ab r h bi 
......... 
Ma ddox cf 
3 o o o R a n d le 
Jhstne rf 
4 o 1 o 
Milton 
Schmdt 
3b 
3 o 2 o M iln e r 
Lzinski lf 
4 o 1 o 
K n g m n 
Hebner lb 
4 o o o V a il rf 
G a r b e r p 
o o o o G ro te c 
M c C v r lb 
4 o 1 o 
M z iilli 
Szm ore 
2b 
4 o o o H r r l s n ss 
Bowe ss 
4 o 2 o Espnsa p 
Ca rlton p 
3 o o o L oc kw d p 
Boone c 
1 o o o 
Total 
34 o .7 . o Tota l 

3b 
2b lb lf 

 rf 

 a b r h bi 
4 o o o 
o 
o 
2 o o o o o o 

3 o . 2 . 9 . 2 

Philadelp hia 
New 
York 
E — Cordon. 
D P — P hila delp hia 
Philadelp hia 
9, 
N e w 
Y o rk 
Kingm an, 
Bowa. 
S— E spinosa 
I P 
H 
(L,7-3 ) 

OOO OOO o o o — o 
OOO I o I OO x — 2 
2. 
L O B — 
7. 
2 B — V a il, 

Carlton 
G a r b e r 
Espinosa 
Lockwood 
S ave— Lockw ood 
(K in g m a n ) 
T — 2 o2 

( W . 3 - 4 ) 

7 1-3 
9 
2-3 
o 
7 1 3 
6 
I 2-3 
I 
(7). 
H B P — By 
A — 16,46o. 

E R B B SO 
2 
I 
4 
O O O 
o 
2 
4 
o 
o 
2 
C a r lto n 

C u b s I , B ilo s 3 

PITTSBURGH (A P ) - P itchers 
Mike Krakow. W illie Hernandez and 
Bruce Sutter combined for an eight- hitter Saturday night to lead the Chi­ cago Cubs to a 4-3 victory over the 
Pittsburgh Pirates. 
The trium ph was the Cubs' fourth in five games with the Pirates this season and it gave Chicago a lG-game lead over P ittsb u rg h in the N ational 
League's Eastern Division. 
Krukow. 5-3. fell behind 2-o in the first inning on singles by Dave Parker and Al Oliver and a two-run double bv 
Bill Robinson. 
C H IC A G O 
P I T T S B U R G H 

O cjs us 
Bnttner 
Clines 
M u r c e r 
J e M rls 
Trillo 
Roselle) 
M tr w ld 
Kru k o w 
G Hndz 
Gross 
Sutter 

 ss lb lf rf cf 
2b 
3b 

D oh 
P 

Total 
......... 
Chicago 
Pittsburgh 
E — J eM o rale s, 
Pittsburgh 
3. 

 ab r h bi ab r h 
5 
I 
I 
o 
T v e r a s ss 
3 o 
o 
4 o 3 
I 
K r k p tk ph 
I 
o 
o 
3 o 
I 
I 
G a r n e r 
3b 
4 
o 
o 
4 o o o 
P a r k e r rf 
4 
I 
I 
3 I 
I 
o 
O liv e r cf 
4 
I 
I 
4 
I 
2 I 
B R b nsn lb 
4 
I 
3 
3 o o o 
Stnnft 
2b 
4 o 
2 
3 
I 
o o 
OH c 
I 
o 
o 
2 o o o 
F G n z lz lf 
2 
o o 
o o o o 
M o r e n o cf 
2 o o 
o o o o 
H e lm s ph 
I 
o 
o 
o o o o 
O v e r c 
I 
o o 
Reuss 
D 
2 o 
I 
M o c h a 
Ph 
I 
o 
o 
Gssage 
P 
o o 
o 
Slrgll ph 
o 
o o 
O rnery pr 
o o 
o 
31 
4 8 3 
Tota l 
34 
3 8 
o o 2 2 o o 
o o o- 

7. 
2B— BRobinson roles. 
SB— Stennett. 

K r a k o w 
( W . 5 - 3 ) 
G H rnnde z 
Sutter 
Reuss 
(L .i-6 ) 
Gossage 
Save— Sutter 
(15). t — 2 2o . 
A — 26 , 2 o 2 . 

o 
o o o o 
7' I o o o o o o o o o o 
3 
.4 
2 o o o o 1 o o o — 
3 
T a v e r a s , 
Ste nnett 
D P — 
C O B — Chic ago 
6, 
P it ts b u r g h 
2, 
Stennett 
S— Rosetlo, 
IP 
H R 
5 1 - 3 6 
3 
2 2-3 
1 
o 
1 
I o 
7 
8 4 
2 
o o 
W P — Reuss. 

3 B — J e M o - 
K r u k o w . 
E R B B SO 
3 
2 
3 
o 
o 
I 
o 
I 
2 
2 
3 
4 
o 
I 
2 
P B — OO 

Birds 5, Royals I 

KANSAS CITY (AP) - Rick Demp­ sey slugged a rare threerun homer and right-hander Dennis M artinez s u r­ vived a late Kansas City rally as the 
Baltimore Orioles beat the Royals 5-4 in the first game of a doubleheader 
Saturday night. 
Dempsey’s homer, a sixth-inning shot into the left field bullpen off 
Kansas City right-hander Jim Colburn, 
6-6, was his first of the year and only the fourth of a major league career spanning eight seasons. 
Martinez gave up one run on six hits until the eighth when the Royals picked up three runs. John Mayberry started the rally by reaching on an error and Al (Owens and Tom Co­ quette smacked consecutive triples before Darrel Porter hit a sacrifice fly to left. 
Martinez. 4-2. was making only his second start of the season. In his previous start on May 25, lie beat 
Kansas City 7-2. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 I 977 
H 

B ra v o s 7. ( 't a u t s I 

ATLANTA (AP) - Jeff Burroughs smashed a first-inning grand slam home run and Phil Niekro hurled a s ix -h itte r as the A tla nta Braves downed the San Francisaeo Giants 7-1 
Saturday night 

J in s I. A 's 2 

SAN F R A N 
A T L A N T A a b r h bi 
3 o 1 o R y s te r 
4 o 2 o Bone) 
3 o o o M ntnez 
4 o 1 o B r r g h s 
4 1 1 1 
M tthw s 
4 o o o C a r r e ll 
3 o o o M o o r e 
1 o o o G ilb rth 
3 o 1 o P N e k r o 
1 o o o 
1 o o o 
31.1 6 I Tota l 

 ct lb rf 
It c 
3b 
2b 

 ab r ti bi 
2 1 o o 
1 I 
2 2 
I 2 
I I 
I o 
o o 
2 o o o 
4 o o 1 

F I R S T 
G A M E 
B A L T I M O R E 

3b dh 

 a b r h bi 
5 o o o 
4 o 
4 o 
3 1 

K A N S A S C I T Y a b r h bi . . 
4 o 1 2 G B r e tf 
4 o o o M c R a e 
4 o 2 o Otis 
Cf 
o 
o 
o o M y b r r y lb 
4 
o 
o o Cow ens rf 
4 
2 
2 o 
Pqette lf 
4 
2 
2 o 
P o r te r c 
4 
1 2 3 Potek ss 
4 
o 
o o 
F W h ite 
3 o o o LaCck 
3 5 .5 9 5 Total 
OOO o 2 3 o o o— .5 
o o o . o o 1 
O J O - 4 
D P — B a ltim o r e 
2 
L O B — 
7. 
2 B — Sin gie- 
H R — D e m p s e y 

2b 
Ph 

o o 
o o 
2 o 
1 I 
2 I 
2 2 
I o 
o o 
o o 
3 3 .4 8 4 

E R B B SO 
2 
4 2 
5 
o 2 
o 
o I 

B m b r y ct 
BSmith 
2b 
Singltn rf 
Shopav lf 
M u r r a y dh 
PaK lly lf 
M u s e r lb 
D m p s y c 
KGrcsa 
SS 
D a u e r 
3b 
Tolai 
B altim ore 
Kansas 
City 
E — D M a r tin e z . 
B altim ore 
3, 
K a n s a s 
City ton. 
3B— Cow ens, 
P oauette 
( I ) . 
S B— P atek. 
S F — P o rte r. 
IP 
D M a r tn e z 
(W .4-2 
9 
Colborn 
(L.6-6 ) 
6 
M ingori 
3 
W P — D M a r tin e z . 
T — 2:21. 

E xpos 8, Cards? 

M O N TR EAL 
(A P ) 
- 
E llis 
Valentine’s two-out single in the 13th inning scored Andre Dawson from second base and gave the Montreal 
Expos an 8-7 victory over the St. Louis 
Cardinals Saturday night. 
Dawson drew a walk off loser John 
Urrea, 1-3, and stole second, setting the stage for Valentine’s game-winner. a grounder up the middle. 
The Expos scored in the sixth when 
Chris Speier singled home Dave Cash, who had doubled. The Cards came back with two runs to take a 7-4 lead in the eighth on a run-scoring triple by 
Garry Templeton, who scored on an 
RBI single by Ken Reitz. 
Montreal forced the game into extra innings, scoring three runs in the eighth. 
Gary Carter led off the inning with his eighth homer of the year off re­ liever Butch M etzger. Del Unser walked and advanced to second on a single by Larry Parrish. 

N IN O ESPINOS 
. . . tough 
U.S. gold m edal 
CARACAS. Venezuela 
(AP) 
— 
Lefthanded featherw eight Johnny 
Bumphus of the United 
States captured a gold medal Saturday night .in the U.S.Cuba-Venezuela amateur boxing tournament. 
Bumphus won a close 
4-1 decision victory over 
Venezuela's 
Antonio 
Esparagoza in a tlireer- oinid bout in tile finals of the event. 
Iii an e a rlie r fig h t, 
Cuba’s 
Adolfo 
Horta scored a 4-1 decision vic­ tory over Wayne Lynum of the United States in the bantamweight d iv i­ sion. Lynum won the silver medal. 
Cuba’s Jose A g u ila r knocked down Anthony 
Fletcher twice in the first round of their fight and won the gold medal in the ligh tw eigh t d ivisio n . 
Fletcher got the silver medal. 
Cuba's Jorge Hernan­ dez defeated Venezuela’s 
Arcadia Ramos to win the gold medal iii the junior flyweight div ision. 
The Venezuelan took the silver medal 
In the flyweight d iv i­ sion. Venezuela's Carles 
Alvarez outboxed his countrym an -lost* Ro­ driguez for tilt* gold medal. Rodriguez won the silver medal. 
Soccer fans erupt 

W EMBLEY, England 
(AP) — Thousands of fervent Scottish soccer fans carried away goal­ posts and nets and tore down boundary fences at 
Wembley Stadium, after 
Scotland beat England 
2-1 Saturday in the Home 
International tournament. 
The Scots supporters invaded the playing field after flu* victory, causing damages estim ated by police at $25.o(1(1. 
Some scooped up some famous Wembley tu rf for souvenirs. 
The Scots victory was the first time iii IO years it had won on England's home field. 
"These are the worst scenes we've ever exper­ ienced — and we thought we’d seen everything,” said a 
Wembley spoksman. 
Dozens of police linked arm to-arm eventually cleared the chanting, flag-waving Scots from the field. 
Scotland Y ard said more than IOO Scots fans were arrested on drunkeness and other charges. 
Howard put on waivers 

PONTIAC, M id i. (AP) 
— The D e tro it Lions placed three-year veter­ an defensive end B illy 
Howard on waivers Sa­ turday after he failed to pass his physical because of a deteriorating knee condition. lf not claim ed iii IO days, the 
255-pound 
Howard would become a free agent. 
Howard, 26, was the 
National Football League dub's No. 2 draft choice out of Alcorn A&M in 
1974. 

D etro it Mins 
SANTO 
DOMINGO 
(AP) — Forward John 
Long scored 24 points to lead the U nive rsity of 
Detroit to a 162-85 bas­ ketball v ictory over Club 
San Carlos of the Domin­ ican Republic Saturday. 
The Titans are in the m idst of a three-game exhibition series against the Caribbean nation’s top basketball clubs. 

R A d w s 
2b 
Whtfld if 
C la rk rf 
E va n s 
3b 
M c C v v lb 
Thrrnsn cf 
Fob ss 
H a r r is ss 
Sadek c 
Tho m a soh 
Crnutl p 
Total 
San 
F ra ncis co 
OOO 1 o o o o o — .1 
Atla nta 
4 o o o 3 o o o * — 7 
E — R A ndre w s 
D P — San 
F r a n c is c o 
I, 
Atla nta 
I 
L O B — San 
F r a n c is c o 
6, 
A tla n ta 
7. 
2B — Eva ns , 
H R — Burroughs 
(1 3), 

Curtis 
( L,o-1 > 
H e av e rlo 
Cornutt 
PfJiekro 
(VV,3 8) 

OAKLAND (AP) - A basesloaded single by Otto Velez in the eighth inning scored two runs and a third came home on an error Saturday, giving the Toronto Blue .lays a 4-2 v ictory over the Oakland A’s 

T O R O N T O 
O A K L A N D ob r h bi 
3 1 ) o 
3) oo 
4 o o o 
4 o 1 2 
O O O Gross 
3 1 1 o A r m o s 
1 o o o 
4 o o o 
3 o 1 o 
3 1 2 1 

B ro w e rs 8 . T e xa s 2 

ARLINGTON (AP) — Sixto Le/cano led off the top of the 19th with hi* 19th home run of the year to lift the M il­ waukee Brewers to a 3-2 victory over the Texas Rangers Saturday night 

 ct 
JScott 
Bailor 
Howell 
Velez rf 
AWoodsdh 
4 

3b 

Jrgnsn 
Sngllen 
P age 
W h a m s 

Ew ing 
Bowing 
Ashby 
Ault 
McKOV lb 
2b 

3o 7 6 6 
32 4 6 3 

P ere z 
Allen 
T vrone 
Pccolo 
M c K n y 
RScotl 
Total 

1b dh 
It c 
3b cf 
2b ph rf 

 ph si 

 ab r h bi 
3 o 1 1 
o o o o o 2 o 
o o 
o 
o 2 
Total 
Toronto 
o 1 o o o o o 3 o — 
O a k la n d 
OOO o I o I o o — 
E — Ault, 
T y r o n e D P — Toro n to 
I 
L O B — 
Toronto 
4, 
O a k la n d 
7 
2B — P ere z . 
3 8 - 
Page 
S— T y ro n e 
S F — RScott 
IP 

M I L W A U K E E 
T E X A S ob r h bi 
Yount ss 
4 o I I 
C m p n r s 
M oney 
2b 
3 O O O 
A lo m a r 
Cooper lb 
4 O O O 
D M o v 
Bando 
3b 
4 o I o 
H orton 
Lzcano rf 
4 I I I 
H a r r a h 
Joshua ct 
3 o 1 o 
H r g r v e 
Br ye cf 
I 
O O O 
G r ie v e 
Sheldon dh 
3 o I o 
H n d rs n 
W hlfrd ll 
4 2 I o 
Beasley 
Moore c 
3 o I I 
F a h e y 
Wills 
Sndbrg 
Be niquz 
Total 
33 
3 7 3 
Tota l 
M ilw a u k e e 
OOO 
Texas 
o I I 
E — G rie v e 
D P —M i l w a u k e e 
L O B - M i l w a u k e e 
2, 
T e xa s 
S 
3 B —H a r r a h 
HR — B e m g u e i 
I 

 ss 
2b rf dh 
3b lb if phll c ph 

 ob r h bi 
3 o o o 
o 
o 
o I o o o a o oo1 
2 

H 
L e m nczv k 
Vuckovich 
D E IIis 
(L.2-S) 
JColem on 
Lacey 
Giusti 

W, 3-5) 
E R BB SO 
2 
2 
5 
OO) 
SB — W o f f o r d 
S F — H a r g r o v e 

(3), 
S— Sheldon, 

o o o o 
I o o o o o o 
1 
2 
1o1o 1— 3 
ooooo- 2 
T e x a s 
2. 
2B — H a r r a h 
L e z c a n o 
B e a s le y 

E R B H SO 
2 
4 
8 
o 
o 
I 
o 
I o 
3 
I 
7 

M O R E 

• KENWOOD «•»>» ...M o****"*" “ " I " • * " 
' ; f, 
V rn 
88 • 9o • W - «* * V? * V?. VTT 

(• .'th. 

Kenwood KR-46oo 3o watt per channel ^ 
M k E I\l\A /C 3 C lE I 
Stereo Receiver whi,e 12 k3St!. 
H r 
I DYER DEAL 
• 3o watts per channel minimum RMS per channel 
(or home fliting sound 
• Two tape monitors with dubbing feature 
• Two phono inputs 
• fffi muting and high filter m 
— 
.— ’I , ____• ir-, 
• famous Kenwood reliability 

T e c n m c s 
^ w 
" 
- *•»»■» by Panasonic 
Receiver Closeout 
25 Watts per channel 
DYER 
^e(^n,cs SA 516o is the 
EJ I C K perfect receiver to build 
D EAL with. Plenty of power for 

• m *) ^ ? (? 9** 

M odel S A -5 1 6 o 
65 Wafts per channel 

D YER 
DEAL 

C x s 
A P % 
V V m ost i Peo*<er *yiten,w pius 
V B m g f inputs to, other com ponents 
® ' M T ^ to be added later. 

With 65 watts per channel 

 m inim um RMS, your system 

 is not lim ited in any way! 

The only thing lim ited is our 

 supply! Hurry! 

. f * 
J?,. . . . $ / 

M odel S A -5 4 6 o 
* 2 9 9 ” jrnr 
-Hi 
165 Watts per channel 

IM SKK a 
Receiver Line-up 

* p v 

M odel 3 o 3 5 

3 
o c o o ? 

M o d el S A -5 7 6 o 
Front Loading 
C assette Deck 

Technics newest 
Dolby cassette deck has 

 everyone elses features plus a tim er stand-by 

 button for recording or playing of any tim e you 

 choose. (Tim er not included.) 

D 
Y 
E 
R 
* I 

One of the biggest receivers 

D Y E R on the m arket is also one of the best. The power is yours 

D E A L to drive any speaker and 

4 * 
* 1 
^ — o.o8% total harm onic distro- 
,lon mcafn ,hey ore driven cleanly! 
Technics by Panasonic 

DEAL 
RS-615 

Direct-Drive 
Turntable 
Technics by Panasonic 

The S l-2ooo is the world s first 

 and finest in this price ronge. 

Two year guarantee. Price in ­ 

 cludes base, hinged dust cover, £ 

 and Pickering P/AC cartridge. 
^ 

DYER 
DEAL 

INSTALLED 
$16977 
Accufrsc4Coo 

1 
4 
9 
” 
. - . o o o 

o 
" 
5 
/ \ I G i 

AM/FM8-track 
C a r S te r e o 

17 Watts per channel 

All circuit breaker protected! 

THREE YEAR 

PARTS & LABO R 
9 | « ^ ^ 7 7 

OYER 
DEAL 

GUARNTEEI 

M odel 5 o 5 5 
■- 
' ' 
' 
KR 
25 Watts per channel 

Alf cir coif breaker protected! 
DYER 
THREE YEAR 
D E AL 
PARTS & LABOR 
C A m A V V 
GUARANTEEI 
I V " ' 

 with pushbuttons and including pair of 
I O or. magnet TS-16o 
Pioneer speakers. 

A 
Model 7o75 
43 Watts per channel 

All circuit breaker protected! 
D Y ER 
THREE YEAR 
DEAL 
PARTS A LABOR 
M i l l i s 
GUARANTEE! 
* 2 8 9 

Direct Drive 
Program m able 
Turntable 

AS SEEN 
O N 

Including remote control unit. 

D Y E R 
DEAL *429 

" I ti 

Model 8o85 
53 Watts per channel 

All circuit breaker protected! 
D YER 
THREE YEAR 
DEAL 
PARTS A LABOR 
<C 
GUARANTEE! 
* 3 1 9 

{ d y e r electronics warehouse ousel 

OPEN ALL DAY 
TODAY! 
4311 Fredericksburg 
735-9276 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
5 o o lineup 

SPfO A l t o THE E x m s s -N tw s 
BRYAN — Tom Williams of Schertz qualified for the outside position on the front row for Sunday's Texas 5oo with the third-best qualifying time Saturday. 

W illiams drove his Cheville at an average of IHT. I miles an hour to make the front row for Sunday’s race. 
Hon Hutcherson of Keokuk. Iowa, driving a Plymouth Volare. had the best qualifying time of 168.3, while defending champion A. J. Fovt of Houston had a 
167.9 performance in his Chevelle. 
Pre-race ceremonies begin at ll a m. Sunday at Texas World Speedway, with the fifth renewal of the annual event beginning at I p m. 
It will be carried on WOAI Radio, beginning at 12:45 p.m. 
A total of IO Texans are in the 33-man field and they will be shooting at Foyt’s track record of 171.5 set in 1973. Saturday’s qualifying times were affected by the heat. 
Here is the lineup: 

Firs* Row 
Inside. Cor No 
29. driven bv 
Ron Hutcherson, Keokuk, lowo. 
Qualified a* 168 3 in Plym ou th 
V elu re, M iddle, No 
51, A 
J 
F o v t J r . , H o u sto n , 
162.9 in 
Chevelle; Outside. No. 42, Tom 
Williams. 
'Schertz, 
162.1 in 
Chevelle 

Second Row inside. No. 98. Ed Negre, Con­ co rd , N 
C , 166 9 in D odge, 

 middle, No 
9?, S k id M anning, 
Lafayette. La., 166.2 in Chevelle; outside, 
No. 
8, 
Sal 
Tovelia, 
Chicago, 164.9 in Plymouth. 

Third Row inside. No 2, Rom a Stott. Keo 
KuK, low o, 164 8 in P ly m o u th 
-Voiare. m iddle, No. 141 Roger 
McCluskev. Tucson, A rn ., 163.6 in 
D odge; outsid e, No. 53, Jo h n 
Hover, Houston, 161 8 in Chevelle. 

A T LA S! 
TRANSMISSION 
SPECIAL 
FLUID CHANGE & ADJUST 
CHECK UNKAGE-CLEAN 
FILTER-REPIACE PAN 
GASKET ETC. 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
CONDITIONAL GUARANTEE 

FINANCING ARRANGED 
We ere not newcomers, 14 years in Son Antonio 
ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
NORTHS9DE LOCATION 
28o6 BLANCO 
732-9628 or 732-93o1 
1711 N.E. LOOP 41o 
828-9545 
{No. Side Loop 41o & Harry Wunbach Exit) 
SOUTHEAST LOCATION 
7o3 5. W.W. WHITE 
333-93o8 
SOUTHSIDE LOCATION 
1535 S.W, MILITARY DR. 
923-7546 

Fourth Row in sid e, No 
12, B o y D o m e d , 
D eerfield . III., 16o.9 in Dodge, middle, No. 99, Ralph Latham , 
Cincinnati, 16o.8 In Chevelle; oui side, No. 34, Bobby BrovaK, Ash land. Wis., 16o.4 in Dodge 

Fifth Row 
Inside, No. 12, Gordon Blank en sh ip , K e o k u k , Io w a , 158 8 in 
Dodge; middle. 
No. 
32, 
Dove 
Decker, Elm hurst, III , 158 6 in 
D o dge; o u tsid e, No 
5, Pout 
Feidner, Richfield, Wi&., 158.o in 
Dodge 
Sixth Row 
Inside. No. 33, R ic k y O ffs, 
Houston, 152,2 in Chevelle, m id­ dle, No. IO, Harold Fair, Detroit, 
156.8 in • C hevelle; No. 19. Bob 
Keselowski, Troy. Mien., 156.8 in 
Dodge ChallCenger 
• 

Seventh Row 
Inside, No. 2, K even Housbv 
Des M o in e s, lo w o , 
1 56 3 in 
Plym outh; middle, No. 69, G ory 
W roan, M anhonet, III., 156 J in 
Chevrolet; outside, No. 36. H 
B 
Boney, Houston, ISS J in Pontiac 
Firebird. 

Eighth Eow 
Inside No. 52. K e ith G re e n , 
Waco. 153.8 in Com oro; middle. 
No. 52. Jim Hurlburt. Manhonet, 
III.. 152 8 iii Dodge, outside No 
22. Tim Duke, Houston, 151,6 ir 
Plymouth Voiare. 

Ninth Row 
Inside, No. 86. Tom Harrington. 
Cincinnati, 151.2 in Pon tiac Le 
M o n s; m id d le. No 
28. Sa n d y 
S a tm llo , C le v e la n d , 149.1 in 
Chevelle; outside, No. 6, Ken Ja i, 
Beaumont, 142 8 in Comoro. 
Tenth Row 
Inside, No 21, W ayne Rather ford, Fort Worth, 145.6 in Comer o; middle. No. 88, G a ry Cooper. 
Indianapolis, 144 I in Plym outh; omtside, No. 55, Dole Richardson, 
Danville, ill., 134 8 in Chevrolet 

Eleventh Row 
In sid e, No. 9, S te v e D ra k e , 
Bloomington, III,, no time. Dodge; middle, No 29, W ayne W atercut le r, S id n e y , O h io, no tim e , 
C h evelle, outside, No 82. Jo e 
Sturdivant, 
W aco. no time. 
Comoro. 

T r a c k v i c t o r y 

STOCKHOLM (AI*)" — 
Ari Paunonen, one ot 
Finland's most promis­ ing middle distance run­ ners, beat West German 
Thomas W’essinghage by 
I.ti seconds to win the 
1,5oo meters at an international track and field meet Saturday. 
Paunonen’s winning time was three minutes and 4o.9 seconds. Duncan 
McDonald, the American 
5,ooo-meter record holder from Honolulu ran sixth iii 3:44.5. 

MAKING TRACKS 

J am es 

6 T A I L JOHN 
MARSHALL Hl&H 
SCHOOLER, IS STATE 
DI6CU5 C H A M P A 

H&'S ALSO TWO 
•:-t 
TIME D ISTRICT 

Kl SAS- „„ 
/ / 

By Bob Dale 

 s.„. 
' ft/ M s ,? f J M r/J ,,&Or‘ 

Schertz driver unhappy 

Continued from Page IS 

 it sure increases the chances of having one. 
“ I’d just us soon be in the second row as be on the outside of the first,” he added. 
TWS president R.C. Connie said the final decision to have three in each rov\ was made by LISAC officials, but he added the move is supported whole­ heartedly by Speedway officials, 
‘‘It will add to tin* excitement,” said 
TWS Vice-President Mike Connor. 
“ You’ve got a chance to have four or five cars abreast out there ut the first turn. This track is wide enough to handle it. 
‘it s about 15 years since they had stock ear races with three in each row,” said Conule. “ They just felt back then that the cars were better fit for two in each row. And even today this is one of the few tracks capable of han­ dling three cars in a row.” 
TWS public address announcer Neil 

Upchurch of San Antonio said the three abreast style would “ not be any more dangerous unless you start them one at a time IOO yards apart.” 
Nonetheless, Williams will be in the front row for the I p.m. race along with polesitter Ron Hutcherson of Keokuk, 
Iowa, and favored A.J. Foyt, who just a week ago won an unprecedented fourth 
Indy 5oo. 
Hutcherson, the second person to hit the track once qualifying got under­ way, posted a two-lap average of 
168.3o3 miles per hour, and Foyt, alth­ ough battling the flu, drove his Che­ velle 355 to a norm of 167.95o miles per hour. 

‘‘I couldn't believe I ran that fast,” said Hutcherson, who was running in the World 6oo last Saturday while Foyt was leading the pack at Indv. “ We’ve been having a lot of trouble this week and I didn’t think I could get it going this fast.” 
Ironically, Hutcherson said Foyt helped him streamline his Voiare 355 
Dumb is in stock, 

H u sh 
Puppies 

“ 
“ 
Brand Shoes 

Cool and comfortable for summer 
. . .from one of the most famous makers of mens casual shoes. 
Seledt from several styles and col­ ors. A great gift idea of Dad! In popular mens’ sizes. 

Bealls 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 
LOOP 41o AT SAN PEDRO 
1o:oo A.M. Til 9:oo P.M. MON-SAT. 

SOUTH PARK MALL 
IH35S AT S.W. MILITARY DR. 
1o:oo A.M. TIL 9:oo P M MON SAT 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 AT WALZEM RD. 
1o:oo A.M. Til 9.-oo P.M. MoN.-SAT. 

PLAZA DEL REY 
SEGUIN, TEXAS 
1o:oo A M. TIL 9:oo P M. M O N -SAT. 

S n o d g r a s s leads by 2 

 with some tips to aid him in taping down the fronts. 
Told that Foyt had failed to surpass his average in qualifying. Hutcherson said, “ Now if I can only outrun him for 
5oo miles.” 
Foyt, who elected to rest rather than practice Friday, came out of seclusion 
Saturday just long enough to put his 

Jr. Golf meet 

The Junior Golf Association of South 
Texas will open its summer season of weekly tournaments 
Monday and 
Tuesday with a 36-hole preview event at Klein's Par-3 Course. Tee time is IO a.m. 
The 36-hole preview can be played either day. The first regulation course meet is set next Friday at 9 a.m. at 
Willow Springs. 
Other tourneys are set for Randolph, 
Kelly, Pecan Valley, Riverside and 
Olmos Basin. 
The JG A S T will hold a special championship at Waterwood National 
Golf Club at Huntsville June 12-15. 
The Association will co-sponsor with 
San Antonio Parks and Recreation a state TAAF qualifier August 3-5 at 
Willow Springs. 

Chevelle 355 on the track for qualify­ ing. 
“ I just had a shot for the flu before qualifying today,” said Foyt. “ I ’ve been weak for about three or four days now. I ran pretty good out there, bul I could have done better if I'd needed it. 
Williams’ qualifying average was his best on a “ Superspeedway.” 
“ I ’ve never run this fast before in qualifying,” he said. “ I think we’ve got two more miles per hour comfor­ tably left in the chasis . We'll do some adjusting tonight to tune it up. Just a little fine tuning.” 
Williams said a victory in the Texas 
5oo would culminate a dream of his. 
“ I’ve won a lot of races on a lot of tracks, but never on a Superspeed­ way,” he said. “ It would be nice.” 
By midafternoon Saturday, Texas 
World Speedway began to look as much like a convention of recreational vehicles as a race track as fans moved in for the race. 
A concert in the infield was held for the visitors Saturday night and one 
Speedway official predicted a record crowd of 5o,ooo for the race “ if the weather holds up.” 
Only 33 cars qualified although there were 43 official entries. However, for various reasons, only 33 took their cars out on the qualifying grid. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

KERRV ILLE — Terry Snodgrass of Ar­ lington soared to a four-over-par 76 Satur­ day, but maintained his two-stroke lead after three rounds of the Texas Amateur golf championship. 

Snodgrass, a 19-year-old member of the University of Houston golf team, posted a 54-hole score of 218, two over par at the 6,9oo-yard Riverhil! Country 
Club. Mike Mucklcroy of Baytown also fired a 76 
Saturday and remained in second at 22o. 
The final round of the fourday meet is slated 
Sunday. 
Kirk Branum. 19. of Austin, was in third at 221. He fired an even-par 72 Saturday, moving up from a fifth-place tie. 
Boh Cornett of Dallas also shot a 72 and was in fourth at 222. 

Terry Snodgtross 
MiKe M utklerov 
Kirk Bronum 
Bod Cornet* 
Doug Dixon 
Brod Higgins 
Robert M cKinney 
John Horne 
Mork Gam m ell 
John Gleem an 
Jim m y Wheeler 

22 2o 76 
22-22-26 
21 28-22 
24 26 22 
74-7227 
7o-79-75 
77-72-75 
74-72-79 
78-71-76 
78-71-77 
74 76-76 

-218 
22o 
221 
222 
223 
224 
224 
225 
225 
226 
226 

Russeii Pulley 
Bill Murchison 
G ary Henderson 
Steve Garnett 
Bobby Baugh 
M ark Brooks 
Todd Flukier 
Jo e Menton 
Jess Claiborne 
Tom Dunn 

75 75 76 
75 79 7? 
75 76 ^6 
75-74>79 
74 75 79 
77 75-76 
73 8o-75 
76 75-77- 
73-77 78- 
76-74-78 

22 6 
226 
227 
228 
228 
223 
-228 
228 
228 
-228 

WHO CAN YOU BELIEVE ... 

When They Offer To Save Energy Costs In Your Home? 

BELIEVE 5GLAR-X 

In this day of exaggerated promises, w e’re delighted to be selling a proven, common-sense, energy-saving product. 
SQbflR-X 
Sun Control Film for Windows 

W e k n o w that the sun's rays, coming through windows, are the largest source of heat and discomfort. 
W e k n o w that a transparent, reflective film will reject up to 8o% of the solar heat and glare. 
Let us demonstrate how Solar-X works and why this is the best way to be comfortable and save electricity at the same time. W e can support O U R claims by referring you to nearby installations. 

E(3hflR-X 

WE HONOR 
MAJOR CREDIT CARDS 

Solar-X of San Antonio 
41o Isom Rd., Suite 21o 
349-6469 

PAY VERY LITTLE 
ATTENTION TO THIS HYSTER TRUCK. 

Hyster believes that if more thought and care go into the design and construction of its lift trucks, you can pay less attention to maintenance and repair once gfl it goes to work on your dock. lijo l 
Take the Hyster 198o SpaceSaver, for instance. Some unusual features are built in to keep it running longer and reduce expensive downtime. Like an exclusive cooling system that virtually eliminates wasted air flow and the chance of overheating. And a High-Energy ignition 
U 
H Y S T E R 

 system which requires no points or condensers. Even most wear parts are lubed for life. 
The 198o SpaceSaver packs a lot of power into a short turning radius. And it does so with reduced noise levels. Stewart & Stevenson is your exclusive distributor for all Hyster lift trucks. That means you're assured 24-hour service and a large inventory of local parts. 
We'd like you to take a quick look at 
Hyster lift trucks in person. You may never have to pay much attention to lift trucks again. 

C. Jim Stewart & Stevenson, Inc. 
Material Handling Division 
8oo7 NE Loop 41o, San Antonio 
Texas 78219 512/661-8231 

Main office: Houston/B r a n c h e s : Beaumont, Corpus Christi, Galveston, Harlingen, San Antonio 

It II s e Im I! 

A M E R IC A N L E A G U E 
EAST 
W 
L 
Pct 
GB 
Baltim ore 
28 
21 
.571 
— 
New York 
28 
23 
.549 
I 
Boston 
26 
23 
.531 
2 
M ilw aukee 
26 
26 
.599 
3’ z 
Cleveland 
21 
24 
.487 
5 
Detroit 
19 
27 
.413 
7’ 2 
Toronto 
West 
19 
3o 
.388 
9 

Minnesota 
31 
19 
.62o 
_ 
Cb ic ago 
28 
2o 
.583 
2 
California 
24 
23 
.sn 
5! 2 
Texos 
23 
23 
.5oo 
6 
Oakland 
25 
25 
5oo 
6 
K ansas City 
23 
25 
.479 
J 
Seattle 
2) 
33 
.389 
12 

Fridov's Gomes 
Chicago 9. New York S 
AAinnesots 6, Boston 2 
Baltim ore 7, Kansas City 6 
Texas IS, M ilwaukee 8 
Cleveland 7, Seattle I 
Oakland 3. Toronto 2 
Only games scheduled 
Saturday's Games 
Boston S, Minnesota 2 
Toronto 4, Oakland 2 
Baltim ore 5-13, Kansas City J U . 2nd gam e IO inmgs 
Milwaukee 3. Texas 2. IO innings 
New York 8, Chicago 6 
Cleveland at Seattle (n) 
Detroit at California (n) 
Sunday s Games 
New York (Patterson I 2) at Chicago (Stone 6-3) 
Boston (Tiant 2-4) at M innesota (R e d fe rn 2-3) 
Baltim ore (Palm er 7 4) at Kansas City (H assler l l) 
Toronto (Garvin 6 3) af Oakland (B lu e 3-6) 
Cleveland (Bibby 4 2) at Seattle (M ontague 4 4) 
M ilwaukee (Slaton 3-5) at Texas (P e r r y 4-5) (n ) 
Detroit (Arroyo 3 1) at California (T an an a 8-2) 
(n) 
NA TIO N AL L E A G U E 
East w 
L 
Pct 
GB 
Cnicogo 
3o 
17 
638 
— 
Pittsburgh 
28 
18 
6o9 
I . 
St Louis 
28 
21 
.571 
3 
Philadelphia 
26 
21 
.553 
4 
Montreal 
2o 
28 
417 
IO . 
New York 
West 
19 
3o 
388 12 . 

Los Angeles 
35 
16 
.686 
_ 
Cincinnati 
24 
25 
.49o IO 
San Diego 
25 
3o 
.455 12 
Houston 
22 
29 
.431 
13 
San Francisco 
21 
3o 
.412 14 
Atlanta 
2o 
33 
.377 16 

F rid ay’s Games 
Atlanta S-8. San Francisco 3-7 
Montreal 2, St. Louis o 
Philadelphia I. New York o 
Pittsburgh 5, Chicago o 
Cincinnati 4, Houston o 
San Diego I. Los Angeles o. ll innings 
Saturday’s Games 
New York 2. Philadelphia Q 
Chicago 4, Pittsburgh 3 
Houston 8. Cincinnati I 
Atlanta 7, San Francisco I 
M ontreal 8, St Louis 7 
Los Angeles 9, San Diego 4 
Sunday s Gomes 
Philadelphia (Le rch 5-2 and Christensen 4-S J at 
New York (Todd 2-1 and Swan 241 2 
Chicago (Jones l l ) ot Pittsburgh (Bonham 6 -4 ) 
St. Louis (Falcone 2 5) at M ontreal (A lc a la I 3) 
Houston Richard 4 4) at Cincinnati (N olan 3-o) 
San Francisco (Halicki 4 5) at Atlanta (E a s te rly 
2 - 2 ) 
San Diego (Griffin 4 3) at Los Angeles (R a u 5-1) 

TEXAS LE A G U E 
West Division 
W 
L 
Pct. 
GB 
El Paso 
24 
18 
571 
— 
Midland 
22 
19 
548 
I 
Am arillo 
22 
23 
.489 
3 z 
San Antonio 
18 
East Division 
24 
.429 
6 

Shreveport 
26 
21 
553 
Tulsa 
23 
2o 
.535 
I 
Jackson 
23 
24 
489 
3 
Arkansas 
18 
28 
.391 
7 
Friday s Games 
Arkansas 14 3, Am arillo l l 
San Antonio 4, Shreveport 2 
Jackson J, Midland 2 
Tulsa at E l Paso, ppd., rain 
Saturday s Gam es 
San Antonio 6, Shreveport o 
Arkansas S 3. Am arillo o 4 
Midland 7, Jackson 6 
Tulsa 19, E l Paso 18 
Sunday s Gam es 
Tulsa at E l Pa^o 
Shreveport at San Antonio 
Midland at Jackson 
Only gom es scheduled 

N O R TH A M E R IC A N SOCCER L E A G U E 
Atlantic Conference 
North 

Toronto 
St Louis 
Chicago 
Rochester 
Connecticut 

Tampa Bay 
Ft Lauderdale 
Cosmos 
Washington 

Los Angeles 
Las Vegas 
Dallas 
San Jo se 
Hawaii 

Minnesota 
Portland 
Vancouver 
Seattle 
Friday's Matches 
St. Louis I, Hawaii o. OT 
Portland 3, Connecticut I 
Saturday s M atches 
Minnesota I, San Jose o 
Fort Lauderdale at Washington 
Chicago at Las Vegas 
Sunday s Matches 
Tam pa Bay at Rochester 
Toronto at Cosmos 
D allas at Los Angeles 
Connecticut at Vancouver 

W 
L 
GF 
GA 
BP 
Pf 
4 
5 
14 
11 
13 
37 
4 
7 
13 
19 
13 
37 
4 
7 
13 
2o 
12 
36 
3 
5 
9 
12 
9 
27 
I 
8 
8 
26 
8 
14 
East 
7 
3 
25 
14 
21 
63 
6 
3 
15 
12 
14 
SO 
5 
5 
18 
16 
18 
48 
5 
4 
Pacific Conference 
12 
9 
12 
42 

South 
7 
3 
23 ll 
2o 
62 
8 
3 
13 
7 
13 
61 
6 
4 
1/ 
12 
17 
53 
6 
6 
17 
7o 
16 
52 
6 
7 
14 
23 
14 
5o west 
8 
3 
19 
9 
IS 
66 
5 
I 
16 
18 
16 
46 
4 
6 
13 
16 
13 
37 
3 
6 
9 
13 
9 
27 

T e n n is 

W ORLD TE A M T E N N IS 
East 
W 
L 
Pct. 
GB 
Boston 
IJ 
3 
.824 
— 
New York 
15 
4 
.789 
— 
Indiana 
IO 
9 
.526 
5 
Cleve Pitt 
7 11 
.389 
I . 
Toe Soviets 
4 16 
.2)1 ll 
West 
Ptpem x 
I? 
7 
.632 
_ 
Golden Gate 
IO 
7 
588 
I 
Sefa-Port 
9 
7 
.563 
I . 
San Diego 
8 11 
.42) 
4 
Los Angeles 
2 16 
.111 
9 . 
Friday s Matches 
Soviets 3o. Phoenix 27 
Los Angeles 32, Sea-Port 18 
New York 25. Boston 24 
Satudoy s Matches 
C lev Pitt 29, Golden Gate 24 
Phoenix 28, Indiana 24 
New York 25. The Soviets 23 
Los Angeles vs. Sea Port at Portland 
Sunday s Matches 
Golden Gate at Indiana 
Boston vs. Sea Port at Seattle 
New York vs. The Soviets at Buffalo. N Y 

NA TIO N A L BA S K E TB A LL ASSN 
Finals 
Best-of-Seven 
All Times CDT 
Friday's Gam e 
Portland HO, Philadelphia 1o4, P o rtla n d leads series 3 2 
Sunday s Game 
Philadelphia at Portland, 2 p m. 
Wednesday. June 8 
Portland at Philadelphia. 8 p.in , it n ecessary 

A ula Hading 

PA N A M E R IC A N S P E E D W A Y 
Super Stocks: 1st heat, Alvin Ste w art; 2nd heat. 
Ja k e W allace: consolation, Luke W a lla c e ; m ain event, Buddy Jerkins. Hobby Stock: 1st heat, Scott 
G a rre tt; 2nd heat, Bill Constable, consolation, 
Bobby N ew ; main event. G a ry M ah on ey. Mini- 
Stock. heat, Bobby Pelton, main event, Johnn y 
Ivey. E o n R ace: 
Diane K irinam on. F ig u re 8: 
Trophy dash, Allan Vassbinder; m ain event. Dick 
Simlmger. 

Marathon win 
NEW YORK (AP) - Peggy Neppel, the American record holder for 
IO,ooo-meters, took the lead after two miles and went .on to win the cham­ pionship of the sixth annual Bonne.Bell 
Mini-marathon Saturday in Central 
Park. 
Miss Neppel, 23, of the Iowa State 
Track Club, turned in a meet-record time of 34 minutes, 13.8 seconds in topping a field of 2.o37 women. 

WALTER ALSTOM 
I______ 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
¥ H 

Dodgers to honor Alston 

ASSOCIATED WESS 

LOS ANGELES — When Walter Alston strides onto the field at Dodger Stadium Sunday and they retire his No. 24, if he sheds a tear it will be for 23 years of memories, not for the present. 
“ I'm having a pretty good time of it now.” said the longtime Dodger manager, now a gentleman farmer and struggling golfer in Darrtown, 
Ohio. 
Alston, still serving the Dodgers as a “ special consultant." said with a chuckle, “ I ’m staying in the fairway more, but Til never be much of a golfer.” 
As a baseball manager, though, his accomplishments rank among the best in the game. 
He guided the Dodgers to seven pennants, four world championships and notched 2,o42 managerial victories in Brooklyn and Los Angeles before giving way to Tommy Lasorda after last season. 
He becomes only the fourth Dodger — Sandy Koufax, Roy Campanella and Jackie Robinson are the others — to have his number retired by the club. 
Mowing grass and “ taking care of things around home” consume a lot of his time presently, Alston said, adding that he does some scouting work 

 for the Dodgers. Cincinnati is just down the road from Darrtown, and he keeps an eye on the Reds, he said. 
While saying that lie’s feeling good and staying busy, Alston added that he misses some things about his old job. 
"I miss being able to use strategy, manuever players," In* said, “ and I miss boing with tin* guys. But, of course, I meet other guvs playing golf 
“ I don't know what will happen later on with me, whether I U get bored or something. (Jetting adjusted to a now lite is a slow process, but I think 
I deserve a rest. People forget that I managed IS years in the ‘bush leagues’ before I started with the Dodgers. It s a sad thing if a guv eau I retire and relax after 41 years ” 
A fine bunch 
He's enjoying following tile Dodgers' fortunes this season. Alston said, then predicted, 'lf they stay healthy, there s no way anybodv is going to 
••atoll them.” 
Alston said the current crop of Dodgers is “ a fine bunch.” adding that they sort of grew up with him. 
I was lucky,” he said. “ I had a good group of players through tin1 years. I inherited a good club w hen I took over the Dodgers in Brooklyn — people like Roy Campanella, Carl Erskine, Pee Wee Reese, and* Jim 
Gilliam. Then Tommy Lasorda inherited a good club when I left.” 
Alston said having hts number retired was an honor, and added, “ It puts me in pretty good company." 

.... 
<M»lf 

SC RA M B LER S CLUB 
At Willow Springs 
Team Play - GM Pere?. Jose Truaiiio. Em et 
Bein vo and M anuel G o n ?aie ? w ins w ith a 77 
Individual Ploy — LG 
Pere? 85. LN 
Able Run 
9j-19—/? 

C A R P E N T E R S PRO AM 
D avid R iva s, GM B e rla n g a , Bob D a ve n p o rt 
Doyle M cCain 41; Don Peine, John H aven, Ron 
Noves, Ja c k Hayden 42; M arty M artinez, John 
Rogers. Frank f oster, Sam L ew allen 43. Tom 
K nske shot a hole m-one on the 45 va ra No. 5. He used a wedge. 

R IV E R S ID E PRO AM 
There will be a bro am Sunday at Riversid e Golf 
Course 
En try deadline is 12 3o a.rn . tee time I o clock. 

(43S AN TO N IA N S ionic 
Will hold a tournament at Olmos Basin Sunday at H a.rn Deadline tor entry is IO 45. 

H O LE -IN ONE 
D.D Dickerson aced the 14o-vard No. 16 with a seven-iron Saturday. 
Tr«t*k 

H E B R O N V IL L E R E L A Y S 
San Antonio Track Club won the event with 21o points Scoring for SATC were Jim Hooker (44), 
Steve Smith (38), David Anderson (38), Don Crook 
(34), Ruben Whitney (JO) and Ronnie Coward 
( 26) 
I M 
H 
V O L L E Y B A L L 
The Central Branch Y M C A s sum m er volleyball program added coed and girls leagues tnis year. 
The new addition will hold its gam es on Tuesday and Thursday nights at the Central Y M C A . An organizational and registration m eeting w ill be held on Tuesday. Ju n e 7 at 7 p.m. Team s or representatives are asked to attend. E n try tee is 
SIO per plover 
For further inform ation call 
227 5221. 
B oxer regrets honesty 

By BOB GREENE 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
NEW YORK — Form er world lightweight champion Ike Wil­ liams has only one regret — he didn’t take a “ dive” in his se­ cond bout with Kid Gavilan. 

“ I was offered $1oo,ooo to lose the fight and I turned it down,” said Wil­ liams. one of eight former athletes to be inducted into the Black Athletes 
Hall of Fame on June IO. “ I should have taken the money.” 
Williams fought Gavilan three times. 
“ I won the first fight,” he said. Then came the $1oo,ooo offer. 
“ I won the second fight, but I got a bad decision,” said Williams. “ Sugar 
Ray Robinson told me I won. Even one of the judges said he voted for Gavilan but thought I had won the fight. 
“ Gavilan won the third fight.” 
Born in Brunswick, Ga., Williams became engrossed with boxing in 1933, at the age of IO, when he read a story about Gentleman Jim Corbett in the 
Trenton, N.J., Times, where he still lives. 
“ I read about the audacity of Corbett beating John L. Sullivan to win the heavyweight title,” said Williams. 
“ That started me reading and study­ ing about boxing.” 
Five years later at age 15, Williams made his boxing debut as an amateur 
— and promptly lost. He also lost his next two bouts. 
In 194o, Williams made his profes­ sional debut, defeating Carmine Fatta in four rounds in New Brunswick, N.J. 
The winning purse was SB. 
Boston eyes 
Evans 

BOSTON ( A P ) - The Boston Red 
Sox said no decision will be made until 
Sunday at tile earliest on whether 
Dwight Evans, their slugging right- 
Iickier hobbled by a pulled right hamstring, will be placed oil the disa­ bled list. 
Evans, who pulled the muscle Wed­ nesday night in a game against the 
Rangers in Texas, was checked by a doctor in Minnesota on Friday and advised to return home for treatment and rest. 
Ev ans, who was off to one of his best starts, relaxed at his Boston area home 
Saturday. He could not be reached for comment on his injury. 
Dr. Thomas Tierney, the Red Sox team physician, said he had not talked to Evans, but estimated he would be out of action about a week. 
“ These things take about that long to get over." Tierney said. “ We ll give him a lot of whirlpool and diathermy treatment.” 
The loss of Evans left the Red Sox w itll only four outfielders, two of whom also were nursing injuries — 'center fielder Fred Lynn with a bad left ankle and reserve Rick Miller with a badly bruised hip. 
Miller was unable to play as scheduled Friday night, but Lynn turned in a spectacular game on Sa­ turday, robbing Minnesota’s Danny 
Ford of a home run and driving in two runs as the Red Sox downed the Twins 
5-2. 

H a so lia ll 

N O R THW ES T S C H E D U L E 
At Holy Cross Field 
Sunday s games — 
Denver Be ars vs. Brow n 
Bugs, doubleheader at noon; Southwest Dodgers vs. Soto s Cafe ot 5 p.rn 

SW EET H U R R IC A N E S 
The Sweet H urricane Softball Association will start its women's fast pitch league Sunday with three games at 3 p.m. and the sam e form at will continue on each Sunday at the Blessed S a cra meat field. A tournament will ae held on Ju ly 
3o 31. Team s wishing to enter m ay contact Rudv 
Torres at 344 6o27 or 435-o522. 
Gym title captured 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
EDINBURG - Patti 
Dannemiller of San An­ tonio qualified for the national gymnastic meet this summer, winning the overall championship at the regional competi­ tion here Saturday. 
Dannemiller, 17, do­ minated the meet, win­ ning three of four events. 
She was first in the une­ ven bars, floor exercise and vault, and finished second on the balance beam. 
Dannemiller is a member of the San An­ tonio gymnastics team. vShe will compete in the national tournament ut 
Lincoln, Neb., Aug. 12-15. 

A LA M O C ITY L E A G U E 
Schedule for Sunday s gam es af Central C.YO 
Field ll 45 a .rn R u d y 's Lou n ge vs 
D a v ie s 
Billiards; 2 15 p m., N ew b vs vs Brentwood Boer 
Box. 5. La Fuente vs. City Transm ission 
SPAN AM S C H E D U L E 
At Spencer M em orial Park 
Sunday s gam es — 
Roger s ire House vs 
Jim ine? Foods at ll a m . Bilb rv s Lum ber vs 
Rogers Ice House at 2 p m 
Little Red Barn vs 
Alamo Enterprises at 5 p m bowling 

AVT 18V-UNDER T O U R N A M E N T 
At Billy M itchell Lanes 
Here are the results of Saturday s competition; the finals will be held Sunday 
E rn ie Caldwell 
23; 
Bill Keyser Sr. 
I; Bill BMikas S; R o y G rant 
12. 
Billy H arvey 
28, Craig Kennedy -3o; John Dan drea -3o: Tom Enroe -31; Randy H ires 44, David 
Boerner 48; H enry T A rrevaso -59 

Horst* H a r in g 

M A Z E L P A R K 
557.45o T ria l H a n d ic a p 
P rivate Thoughts ($4 4o) 
Sa to ris Hills 
On The 
Sly 8 furlongs in I 43 4 s 
SANTA FE 
Feature 
Don Silver (426 4o) Hot 
M usic. Crazy Squaw Five furlongs in 59 I 
LA M ESA PARK 
Fe a tu re 
M orning Miss 
Dove ($6 6o), Ira s Girl, Purple Pony 4 
; furlongs in 52 4. 

RUIDOSO 
Feature l ucky Stepper (<9oo) 
Shadow Flash. Miss Hay Bug 4oo yard s in 2o o8 

L O U IS IA N A DOW NS: 
F e a tu re 
D isru p tor 
($28 2o). Tim Tam Dip. Zepo Line 8 
■ furlongs in 
I 46 I 

C A LD ER 
$22,4oo Azalea Stokes 
Countess 
Pruner ($6.8o), Delphic O racle, W hite Goddess 
Six furlongs in 111 I S 

K E Y S T O N E 
KM' Philm ont H an d icap 
Medieval Man ($3 8o), Jonkiller, Iron Derby 
Six furlongs in I IO 4 5 
SU FFO LK 
Feature 
Captain P a u l ($6 IO) 
Round Stoke. Mister Floridian Six furlongs in I 
IO * 
4 5 
V 
H A W TH O RN E 
$14o 8oo H awthorne Derby 
* 
Silver Series ($9 od). Courtly Haste. A ffiliate 
I V 
I 16 mile in 1:41 I 5 sr 

25o M ilady Monett 
11 ip, Ju st A Kn k I 
HO LLYW OO D PARK 
Case apodia ($5). Rocky furlongs in I 4o 4 s 
G O L D E N G A T E 
$27 SSO 
F xpiosive i$ lli, Incredibly f ight furlongs in I .18 3 
S 
AK SAR BEN 
I colure 
Am udevil ($2 6o1 
No- 
Big Deal Orphaned Wind 
M O N M O U TH 
$77,975 Regret H andicap 
Cast- 
The Die ($17 6o) 
Ivory Wand 
W hat A Sum m ei • 
Six furlongs iii I o9 3 
S 

Nets win 

RIC H FIELD . 
Ohio 
(AF) — Wendy Turnbull beat Betsy Nagelson in women’s singles and teamed with Peggy Mi­ chel to take Women s doubles as the 
Cleveland-Pittsburgh 
Nets defeated the Golden 
Oaters 29-24 in World 
Team Tennis action Sa­ turday night. 
D r.Renee Richards, who signed with the Nets 
Thursday, was not per­ mitted to play. A Nets spokesman said that 
Dr.Riehards, a transsex­ ual, took a chromosome test earlier in the day, but that results were not expected to be available until Monday. 

WTT Commissioner 
Butch Buehholz refused to let Dr.Riehards play on the women's team un­ less she passes the sex test. 

Cleveland’s Bjorn Borg downed Tom Okker, B-2 in men’s singles. But the 
Golden Oaters won the mixed doubles and men’s doubles, carrying the final match to two over­ time points before Borg and Marty Riessen made their final point to end the overtime. 
Bear chosen 

.MOSCOW (AP) - The organizing committee of tile 1981) Moscow Summer 
Olympics has chosen a small brown bear as the talisman of the Games, the Soviet news agency tass said Saturday. 

A talisman is an object or symbol supposedly bringing good luck. 

The news agency said the bear was selected from suggestions carried in more than 41),(IOU let­ ters from viewers of the television program “ In 
The Animal World.” 

Loser were the elk, squirrel, hare, otter and deer. 

Artists are now work­ ing to come up with a design showing a bear, 
Tass said. 

Marlin wins 

MANCHESTER, Eng­ land (AP) — Bdl Martin of Los Angeles beat Saed 
Meer, Pakistan's No. player, B-2, B-l in the fin­ al of the men s singles of the Northern Lawn Ten­ nis 
Tournament 
Saturday. 

M E 
Suit and Sandwich 
A tasty combination. Whether you’re brunching at the club. Or getting down to business. You'll do it all without a wrinkle. In this 1oo% polyester suit from Haspel. Three easy pieces to layer. 
While you layer on the charm. Befitting even the fussiest gourmet. Bon Appetit. In the 3-piece 

 suit from Haspel. s , 35.oo H a S O e l 
S alad s 

Alamo Heights 
Central Park 
Windsor Park Mall 

 t u n i a 

GOTTFRIED returns Dent serve en route to victory Saturday w hich puts him into finals 
AP WIREPHOTO 
Lore, honor, um pire 

H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday June 5 1977 
Tigers upset 

Continued from Page IS were shooting for a third straight LIS­ 
TA crown, but finished third behind 
CSC and Rollins with 18 % points. It is the lowest TI* finish since a tie for fifth in 1972. 
Both Sehroedor and Bowman made some volleying errors in the first set. hut two critical double faults by Bow­ man in the eighth game of the set en­ abled BYI* to break and serve out. 
Trinity got up. 3-2. in the second set as both Schroeder and Bowman im­ proved on the volleys and executed a few deft lobs into a gusty wind. But a 
Bowman double fault in the seventh^ game of that set once again let BYI'* take over 
Sad 
"I thought it was a littIjp sad,” Trin­ ity Coach Marilyn Rindfuss said, de­ scribing the effort. “ They lust made too many mistakes. I guess we had gotten to the point in the tournament where there was no where to go and the girls just weren't up. 
“ And that is not meant as an excuse. ti i s merely a fact.” 
Stop and Flem ing had opposite problems in their morning losses. 
Fleming could not hold a lead and Slap never got one. 
McDaniel used an aggressive net game to keep Slap on the defensive. 
She volleyed well and slapped some 
“ notify-the-next-of-kin” overheads. 
"I wanted to stay on top of her right away,” McDaniel said. “ I am really confident of my game right now. I thought I really played well ’ 
Partisans 
All the Trinity partisans were trying to figure out the last time Stap lost a match one and one. McDaniel took the first four games in each set. 
Fleming, meanwhile, held 2-o leads 

 iii the first and second sets but couldn’t hang on. 
The women leave Sunday morning for Baton Rouge, La., to compete in the first AI A VV national tournament. 

Iii addition to Hit* All-American team and singles and doubles honors, Texas' 
.Jo Ann Kur/ won the Helen J. Lewis 
Award for Sportsmanship. M ary 
Hamm of T rinity was so honored last year 
And the members of the LISTA Fe­ deration Cup team for 1977 were an­ nounced. Team members are: Barbara 
Ila I lcj ii ist. CSC; Sheila Melnerney. 
FSC; Jodi Appelbaum, Miami. Ann 
Ftheredge, Mississippi University for 
Women; Kay McDaniel, LSC, and Fe­ licia Hutmck, Rollins. 

By KEVIN O 'K E E F F E 

Of THE EXPRESS MEWS STAPF 
T E M P E , Ari/. — When Flo and Mike Blanchard got m ar­ ried in 195o, her wedding vows might have been “ to love. honor. obey and call the service lines.” 

Before their walk down the aisle, Flu had never seen a tennis match, let alone climb up in an umpire’s chair to 
On the other hand, husband 
Mike had been umpir­ ing matches since 
1932. 
Aud now both are as well known in munis circles as most of the players They normal­ ly sit in the chair for televised matches and other significant tour­ naments. rills week they were i I .-i i- 
,H'n ‘ “ nictating the 
O M T T I E 
CST A Women's Colle­ giate Championships. 
“ Clo is the referee and I am her as­ sistant.'' Mike said. “ It is a women's 
Iii) deal this week 
“ And it is killing him.” Clo adds while gently kidding her husband. “ He has spent tile whole week making sure 
I have announced the matches, checked iii the players and gotten them on the court. 
“ If I make such a fuss at him when lie is the referee, he kills me.” 
Tin* two work well together. While 
Mike leans over the deck. worrying about getting people to the right 

 courts. Flo sits patiently, letting him. 
Why did Flo decide lo take the ten­ nis route? 
“ lf I hadn't I would have been sitting iii my rocking chair alone at home quite a hit,” she said. “ I didn't really have a choice. I had to get involved.” 
Mike started umpiring during his days as a member of the Longwood 
(Ticket Club. 

“ That was before microphones so all you needed to he was loud to he an umpire,” the gravel-voiced Blanchard said. 

Besides sitting in the chair above the court. Mike has spent sometime with a racquet in hand on the court, too. 
"I have played quite a bit,” he eon- firmed. “ I won the National Indoor 
Mixed Doubles iii 1934 with Luis Felix. 
And I was ranked number nine iii sen­ iors in 1952. 
” 1 still play some here now. We have a group, TOSS, that gets together to plav quite frequently. 
TOSS.’ 
"Too old for sex and singles." he laughs. Is Fin a member? “ No. she isn t too old for singles but she is for sex,” he continued. 
Blanchard has seen the game as well as umpiring changes over the last 4o years. 
“ There was no umpire’s organiza­ tion in the early days," Blanchard re­ ported. “ Back then umpires and linesmen were s im p ly guvs recruited from among the club members. They didn t even care if you had correct v ision. 
“ They would just grab some guy out 

Pedernales Ranch 
Estates 
L.B.J. Territory on the Pedernales River at 
Johnson 
32 Tracts 
City 

1o% DOW N 

Every tract has waterfront access to the Pedernales River through the 
15-acre park for owners use only. You can buy from IO acres to 58 acres and priced as low as $825 per acre. Owner financing is available to build in this excellent planned and restricted subdivision. We feel you will buy this beautiful tree covered hill country property if you will drive out and have a visit with us. A salesman is on duty 24 hours a day or you can call marketing agent Gene Naumann anytime at A.C. 
512-476-2641 for further details. 

An excellent restricted subdivision Financed and owned b y 
FIRST SERVICE CORPORATION 

Affiliate of: 

FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS 
OF AUSTIN 

For detailed directions and information, salesmen are on duty 24 hours daily on the property 

 or ny phone. Marketed by GENE NAUMANN REAL ESTATE 
1514 Guadalupe • Austin • Phone (512) 476-2641 

DIRECTIONS: At Johnson City toke Hwy 281 North and go I Vt miles past Pedernales bridge to 
Ranch Road 1323 then 3 miles west to Pedernales Ranch Estates Entrance on, left, 

 b tenting, 
Stap on 
A s I team 

SPECIAL to the express n e w s 
T E M P E , Ariz. — Trinity’s Sandy Stap and Carrie Flem ing were named to the 
LISTA All-American team, it was an­ nounced at the national championships here 
Saturday night. 

It is the second straight year that Stap and Flem­ ing have been chosen to the elite team. 
Stap is a junior from Deefield, IIL, and Fleming is a sophomore from Ft. Lauderdale, Fla. 
USO, the new USTA champions, had all four of its players named to the select group. It is the second straight year fbr sophomore Barbara Hallquist and senior Diane DesFor. 

C 
- e l 
A 977 U S T f l A L L - A M E R I C A N T E A M bonav SfqD. T rim ly; C arrie Flem ing. T rin ity; B a rb a ra Hallciuist, 
USC; Dianne Desfor, U SC . Sheila M clnern ev. U S C : G retch en Gait, 
USC, Susie Hagev, Stanford; Diane M orrison, Stanford ; B a rb a ra 
Jordan, Stanford, Pau la Smith, U C LA ; Jo Ann K u ri. T exas; Susie 
Smith, Texas; Fe licia Hutniek, Rollins (F la ); 
N an cy Y earg in , 
Rollins (FIO .); K av M cD aniel, L S U ; Lin dsey M cro e, California 
Irvin g; Je a n N achand, C aliforn ia-lrvin e; 
L yn n Eastern , M iam i 
( F l a ) ; Jodi AoDCibaum, M iam i (F la .); Sh e rry A ck er, Florid a; 
Sandy Collins, Odesso; K aren Kenninqfon, Brig h am Youn g; Kathy 
Mueller, Trenton (N J. ) state; Susie Reologle, Princeton. 
Seattle expected 

N A SH V ILLE. Term. 
(A P) —■ Former Olym­ pian Ernie Grunl'eld, w ho holds the 
Tennessee basketball scoring record 

 with 2,249 points, says he expects to be selected by 
Seattle in the National 
Basketball .Association draft next Friday. 

IN 
CAREER OPENINGS 
RETAIL MANAGEMENT 

Radio Shack has openings for Retail Store 
Managers. Requirements are a College De­ gree or 2o years or more retirement from the military service. 

Store M anagers a ith th e above requirements who completed our training program in 1974, averaged $11,21o total earnings for their first year, $18,5.13 in the second year, and $22,6o5 their third year. Those Managers from our 
1975 program averaged $1o,245 first year and 
$18,533 in the second year. O ur 1976 program 
M anagers averaged $14,273, first year. 

We will guarantee those qualified people who stay in the program, $1o,ooo minimum total earnings for the first full year as Manager and 
$14,ooo the second year. 

Phone me for further information. 

A. M A N N IN G 

( 5 1 2 ) 7 3 2 - 3 6 1 

Radio/hack 

 g A TANDY CORPORATION COM PANY 

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYEE 

Dent falls to Gottfried 

 ut a bar. Tilings were really desperate. 
Now, they have sectional organizations with professional umpires,” 

Mike claimed that the umpire's authority in matches does not have to he strengthened. “ Rather the question is how to use the power available.” he said. “ Take (Hie) Nastase's incident at 
Forest Hills last year. Now he did things that he could have been de­ faulted for. But remember there is a television audience at home arid a ca­ pacity crowd in the stadium. If the ump defaults him. the show is over. 

“ It s not like the other sports where you throw a guy out and another guy conies in. And the pros know this. That is why so many take liberties. I am not saying it's right but when C BS is tele­ vising it and you default a guy, the world might collapse on you.” 
Flo called her first match during the 
Massachusetts State Championships in 
195(1. 
“ The tournament director asked me to do it and Mike encouraged me lo say yes,” Fin recalled. “ So, I gave it a try. 
And here I am now.” 
The two critique one another's performance in the chair and both ac­ cept any comments well. 

The couple, who have lived in 
Choenix for 17 years, still enjoy the umpiring business. They especially enjoy tournaments like the LT S A and the NCAA (Mike was umpire there in 
1975-76). 
“ It’s great to he with the kids.” Flo said. checking in another player. 
“ They keep you young.” 

PARIS (A P) - Brian 
Gottfried of the L’nited 
States and Guillerm o 
Vilas of Argentina, Davis 
Cup rivals of a month ago. advanced Saturday to the final of the pres­ tigious French Open 
Tennis Championships. 
Gottfried overcame an injured Phil Dent of 
Australia 7-5. 6-3, 7-5. 
Dent had an injection for a wrist strain before the match, and from midway through the second set was under handicap. 
Vilas routed 
Raul 
Ramirez of Mexico 6-2. 
6-o. 6-3 in one of the most one-sided matches of the two-week tournament at 
Roland Garros Stadium. 
It was Vilas’ eighth win over the Mexican in eight meetings. 
Revenge 
In Sunday’s final, for a first prize of $38,ooo, 
Gottfried will he trying to avenge a crushing defeat by V ilas which gave Ar­ gentina its victory over the Fnited States in the 
Davis Cup iii Buenos 
Aires in early May. Gott­ fried will also he trying to become the fir*t 
American to win the 
French title since Tony 
Tr'abert in 19,35. 
Meanwhile, two unli­ kely youngsters from 
New York. John M cEn­ roe, 18, and Mary Cando. 
2o. came through a weak field to win the mixed doubles title — the first 
American team to do so since Vie Seixas and Do­ ris Hart in 1953. 
The 
Douglaston, 
Queens pair came from behind in each set to defeat Ivan Molina of 
Colombia and Florenta 
Mihai of Romania, the top seeds, 7-H, 6-3 in the final. 
Gottfried and Dent thrilled a crowd of 12,ooo on the center court by playing attacking tennis in the hot sun. 
There were two turtling points, a seven-minute delay iii the first set. when Dent argued over a line call, and the start of his wrist trouble in the second set. 
The dispute was ov er a smash from the Aus­ tralian which was called out. Dent refused to ac­ cept the decision, even aller the tournament 

 referee had come on to the court and confirmed it. Eventually the point was replayed, with the volatile French fans jeering and whistling. 
Dent won the point the second time, but Gott­ fried went on to win the game and break him at 
7-5. It was a crucial point in the match, and Dent never recovered. 
Trouble 
The crowd knew noth­ ing about Dent’s wrist trouble, but Gottfried did. The American said afterwards it was a dou­ ble-edged situation. He knew Dent was having difficulty hitting for­ ehands and did not know how to exploit it. 
Gottfried’s service went like a dream for two sets, but as he neared the finish line it began to falter. He dropped ser­ vice three times, twice with double faults on the last points. 
“ I think the trouble was mental.” Gottfried said. “ I knew Dent had this wrist trouble and was in difficulty hitting forehands, and I felt I 
.should change my game and concentrate on his forehand. 
“ After I dropped ser­ vice for the third time I forgot about his injury 

 and returned to my former tactics, attacking him in my own way.” 
Victory 
Gottffied went from 5-5 to victory. He broke 
Dent’s service with a feathery backhand stop- volley for 6-5, and then served out to love. 
Vilas and Ramirez at first fenced with each other in long rallies from their baselines. 
The crowd did not like it. and the umpire had to call for silence as fans cat-called during long slow-ball exchanges. 
But the Argentinian left-hander — all poetry in motion, with his flow­ ing backswing and follow-through — stuck to his guns. He hit with relentless accuracy, and 
Ramirez’s game comple­ tely disintegrated. 
Ramirez managed only 
12 points in the whole of the second set, and only three i i i the first four games of the third. 
Ramirez staged a late attempt at recovery, winning three games in a row and coming up to 3-4, to the encouraging cheers of the crowd. But 
Vilas recovered his poise and finished the set as devastatingly as he had started it. 

I HOUR GOLF 

2 LOCATIONS: 

# 1 IH-35 at Judson Road, 654-188o 
# 2 IH-1G and loop 41o, 349-1375 

VERY SPECIAL 
IZO D SLACKS 

R e gu lar $29 .9 5 
$39 .95 

OUR SPECIAL PRICE 

$ « | 4 9 5 

SUPER DEAL 
WHILE QUANTITIES LAST! 

Littleton Tire and Auto Centers 
17o2 S.W. Military 
924-83o5 
6829 San Pedro 
341-2516 
P R IC E 
M ICHELIN PIR ST , a n d © e t ¥ O u r m o n e y 's w o r t h . 

H U L T M S T I R K 
YOUR MONEY 
CAN BUY! 
N O W AT 
1o% OFF 

REGULAR PRICE 

MICHELIN 
HAS A TIRE 
TO SUIT 
YOUR EVERY 
NEED, 
WHETHER IT’S 
A N 
A M ERICA N 
OR IMPORT, 
CAR O R 
TRUCK. 

WE DON’T 
MAKE A 
SECOND BEST 

3 tie or lead 

BIRNS 

ASSOCIATED PHE SS 

CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Tom Weiskopf, who has won this tournament two times, and Bill Rogers and George Burns, who haven’t won at all, moved into a three-way tie for the lead Saturday after three rounds of the 
$25o,ooo 
Kemper 
Open 
Golf tournament. 

Weiskopf, a non-winner for two years but admit­ tedly “ pumped up, excited” about his chances here could have had the lead alone but for a missed five-foot eagle putt on the par five fifth hole. 

He had to settle for a three-under-par 89 and a 2o7 total, nine under par on the winter-damaged, 
7,18o-yard Quail Hollow Country Club course. 
The lanky, talkative Rogers, who said “ this is my best position ever,” 
* sbot a 88 in the hot, humid, hazy 
Jfa g h M r • weather an(j the hard-luck Burns. 
¥ who's been in position to win so of- 
”5* J r f ten — and every time let it get away 
— barged into contention with a six-under-par 88. 

“ I ve got a new mental attitude.” said Burns, who could have won three times this year and fell victim to poor last-round play each time. 
“ I’m tired of getting all churned up about the way I ’m playing. I ’m gonna play the game the way it is, relax and enjoy and have the good life. I'll take what comes.” 
One stroke back of the leading threesome at 2o8 were former U.S. Open champion Lou Graham, clowning Chi Chi Rodriguez. Dong Tewell and 
George Archer, who led or shared the lead through the first two rounds of this chase for a $5o,ooo first prize. 
Tewell had a third round 88, Graham 89, Archer and Rodriguez 71s. 

Cd Sneed stormed out of the pack with a 65. the best round of the tournament, and was alone at 2o9. 

“ By no right should I have had a 65," said Sneed, a winner at Tallahassee two months ago. “ I didn’t play anything like that well. It just shows you that short slick can overcome a lot. It was a very lucky score." 

He one-putted nine times — including birdies from 
5o. oft, 25 and 2ft feet — and once cipped in to save par. 

Rod Curl. 66. Craig Studier, 67, and Mike McCul­ lough, 7ft. were at 218. and Lee Trevino, with a 69, topped a group of five at 211. only four strokes back. 

“ Anybody that close can win tomorrow,” said 
Weiskopf. That includes 16 players. 

Graham, however, didn’t expect it to be close. 

“ I figure somebody is gonna come out with a hot round and run away from the field," he said. 

Weiskopf had the opportunity to do that Saturday but couldn’t capitalize on his opportunities. “ I had a lot of chances, a lot of makable putts, but I couldn’t get them to go in the hole," he said. 

He missed three greens, chipped close and saved par on all of them. He two-put ted from five feet for one birdie, scored a deuce from four feet and holed only one long putt, about 25 feet, for bij*die on the sixth. He didn t make a bogey. 

Rogers finished 3-3-3 for his share of the lead. He scored from 3ft feet on the 16th, made par three on the 17th and picked a two-iron shot out of a fairway bunker that ran to within seven feet of the flag on the 
18th. He rolled in the birdie putt. 

The husky Burns, who said " I don't want to talk about” his earlier chances that disappeared, had a brilliant effort. 

“ The best round I’ve ever had when I had to have it." he said. 

He, too, escaped without a bogey, twice scored from 15 feet, had two others from six feet, once chipped to within inches and got his second deuce of the day — and his piece of the lead — w itll a curling, 
3ft-foot putt on the 17th hole. 

What's your favorite meal? 

□ Steak? 
□ Seafood? 
□ Mexican food. 
□ All of the above? 

Introducing the 
Spanish Galleon s 
Sunday/Monday Special. 
You get all of the above for only 

$5.95. 

You get o delicious 6 oz. USDA Choice Rib-eye 
Steak broiled ro order, o generous helping of 
Bock Shrimp broiled in butter, and o cheese and onion enchilada wirh special Spanish sauce. Plus you get o fresh garden salad wirh your choice of dressings. All for $5.95, on Sunday and Monday only. 

_Tfee # 
Spanish 

SEAFOOD RESTAURANT 

6637 Son Pedro 
• 
349-1493 

Son Antonio f X PR ESS 'N E W S —- -Sunday June 5 1977 
SAVE 

P a g e 7-S 

Complete disc or drum brake job 

W e ’ll replace shoes or disc pads, brake flu id , b ra k e springs and front oil seals. 
Turn anil true drums or ro­ tors. Rebuild cylinder or cal­ ipers. Repack front bearings. 
Inspect al! brake parts. 

R e g . $ 7 9 .9 9 
R e g . $ 8 9 .9 9 
,99 

D isc* 
6 9 5 1 - 7 9 

 f or Most American Gars 
O il/filter, lube 
W e ’ll replace oil (up to 5 qts.) with Sears Heavy Duty 
3o and install new Sears 
Dual Filter. Includes lubri­ cation and check of fluid levels. 
'"799 

Regular $ IO. TD rn 

A d d $ 3 . o o fo r factory sealed lu brication. 

Vbove services fo r most Am erican-m ade ears 

Prices Good thru June 9lh 

Limited warranty on SteadyRicfer »hocfc absorber for as long as you own the vehicle 

 lf Stead yR id er shock absorber faits while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon na­ ture tree of charge, or the purchase price will be re­ funded ft the defective shock absorber was installed by Sears, we will install the new shock absorber with no C harg e tor labor lf the d e fe ctive shock ab so rb er was not installed by Sears, installation of the replace­ ment shock absorber Is not included under this w ar­ ranty This warranty does not cover shock ab so rb ers installed on vehicles used for com m ercial purposes 

 en****-amarna imwbb* m wta « 
I 
Dtn.i’W M if nim Avi hw ititimu a im i w . ' S < m e n M n « n N n u u t t f v m i i w u r u e r * n m im tutti M e n e « r w lU H M H a M M V k i t u nit ut iW W W W W V 
H m M M u nrM NM iM t ( ■ ( » < « » 
M H I » * » » « • » M M *»M «IV ljW *M I 
WKMnrrmuiw /monitor, numVnntni cuWM* mutt** e/wr/«»*««/ wain uuwui **'«**»rn n iw u 
WMtuc vain w */ « 'I«.ivhi<. r w W I * * niicn W W WW 
*CH«MMWtrtw«w mmmum mw «jm» *«•*.•» 

•wNUm-inmaiNK a w a i im tu u i niuauu , m V M W ««*U> h um cm* ahunt rdMCHiS WVMMNtftMMMM .«**«*» haw .we* 
'mwiw e e rn wwewewwwwew mwkHME aw vvccM iM ii t t w m c t w a i n ,*j«w><t«t#*w*MuM. 
Hw*ar> e*t»*»wwn w*wa#aUtpu*taat»'** 

 tM V iK « rM > ait titan* et* MMM 

WW- 

‘vee***"* 

Save *4 on Sears 

Steady Hitler shocks 

99 

Battery perform ance characteristic* rated for power acm rd - ing lo Battery Council International standard* ((.ro u p 2 K A 

G o ld f r a n k i n g 
( t o w e r 
Hi se rv e rtp .iritv 
Im p . H our et§ (lacily 
Nu to b rr o f pl ittr*« 

3 o o am p*. 
8o m inute* so 
54 

Regular $12.99 
8 
•atli 

Sears Best heavy-duty shocks! Help give a comfortable ride under most driving conditions. Sizes to fit most 
American-made cars, imports, pick­ ups, vans. Fast low-cost installation available. 
$49,95 Air-adjustable 
*21499 shocks ...................................... t J 7 

Save 86 on Sears 36 maintenance-free battery... you never need to add water 

Come in for a free cheek of your car’s start- 
R e g u la r 8 2 9 .9 9 

 ing/rliarging systems. If you need a battery, 

 consider the Sears 36 w itll good cold cranking 

 power anti reserve capacity. Fit most Ameri­ 

 can-made ears. Sale prices 3 days only. 

Ask about Sears D ie llu n F " battery now fo r Volksw agens am i M arin e use 
99 

 with trade-in 

/ P 
E 
N 
S K 
E 
ItniMitrv pnauuaiB \\ 

Lim ited warranty on muffler for as long as you own the vehicle 

 lf the muffler for American-made cars fails while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon return, free ot charge, or we will refund the purchase price, lf the defective muffler was in­ stalled by Sears, we will install the new muffler with no charge for labor, lf the defective muffler was not installed by 
Seats, installaiion ol the replacement muf­ fler is not included under this warranty. 

R c*i*t» ru st-causing m o is ­ ture! Fit over 9 o % o f Am eri­ can-made car*. Fast, low-cost installation available. 

The alu m in iz e d m u ffle r tough enough to be sold b* Sears! 

Save *4, Pentske wire sets 

S A L E I 2 ' >9 

W ithstand* tem peratures lip to 5oo 
Custom-fit for 
8-cylinder t ars, no cutting. 

Regular 55* 
Heavy-duty o il 

S A L E 47 
I inc quality, high deter­ gent oil. Single grade S VR 
.{ll motor oil. 

 at. 

4tC3 

Save *5, 3-amp. battery charger 

S A L E 

O ver 3 amps, initial surge 
. . . tapers to 1.5 amps. 

$ 1 .6 9 b o o s te r ra ttle * 1 .3 9 

8 -ft. Q uick Start 
IhioHter Cables 

R e g u la r $ 1.o 9 
9 9 ‘ 

6-gauge alum inum w ire for 
12 volt batterie* only. C olor identified insulation. 

A u to m o tive P ric e * Show n G ood th ru J o b I* ! except air- a d ju stab le shock* am i .'I am p. b attery c h a rg e r G ood thru Ju n e 2 5 lh 

Guardsman tires 

I z 
: 5 
o 
^ 
o 
o 
8 
8 
. 
I Oft,, “ 2 o ,s 
R la e k w n ll 

Strong polyester coni plies help provide smooth ride, ex cellen t d u ra b ility and good tire mileage. H un­ dreds of road-gripping sipes for plenty of positive trac­ tion. Contoured shoulders fo r co rn e rin g s ta b ility . 
Compare our prices on this rugged 4-ply polyester tire before you buy! 

Belted 

2 fiber glass belts team-up with 2 nylon [flies to help keep the tread grooves open for great traction on both wet and d ry roads. 
Belts also help resist tire punctures. If you’re replac­ ing your original helled tires, then the Guardsm an 
Belted could he the tire you’re looking for! 

O Q 8 8 
^ W P Iu * $ l. 9 
M N R 
F.K.T. hluckw ali metric size only 
Radial 

Outstanding low prices for radial tires! Double fiber glass belts work together with 2 polyester cord radial plies to keep the tread flat against the road for respon­ sive h a n d lin g , ex cellen t traction and long tread mileage. O ur lowest priced radial tire. Blackw all or whitewall. 

Sears G uardsm an tire* fo r m ost models of: sire 
Sears price 
* ply b leck wall 

 plus f i r . 
Scars price belled whitewall plus 
F .E .T , 
Sears price radial white watt phi* 
F.E.T. 

SUB- 
UZTk \Y \ r n m p a c t 

Vega, C ap ri, Dut*un, Toyota 
A 7 8 -1 3 
1 6.5 o 
1.72 
3 6 .o o 
1.84 

Pinto, Sky ha wk, M onza, 
B 7 8 - 1 3 
18.5o 
1.82 
3 8 .o o 
2 (H ) 

Mustang ll 
C 7 8 - 13 
2 8 .8 8 
2.o1 

Volksw agen, Fiat, Volvo 
5 6 o - 1 5 
2 o .2 o 
1.77 

- 
COMPACTS 
Hornet, G rem lin , Mave irk 
C 7 8 - 1 4 
2 o .5 o 
2.o1 

Javelin, D art 
D 7 8 - 1 4 
2 9 .8 8 
2 .o 9 
3 8 .o o 
2 .27 

G ranada, Com et 
E78-14 
2 1 .o o 
2 .23 
3 o .8 8 
2 .2 6 
39.o o 
2.41 

Nova, Cantaro, Coronet, O m ega 
F 7 8 - 1 4 
2 2 .o o 
2.37 
3 2 .8 8 
2 .42 
4 3 ,o o 
2.54 

MID- 
2 SIZ E 

M atador, Fury 
G 7 8 - 1 4 
2 4 .o o 
2.53 
3 4 .8 8 
2.58 
4 5 .o o 
2.69 

C ougar, T orin o, M ontego 
11 7 8 -1 4 
3 6 .8 8 
2 .8 o 
18.oo 
2.88 

C heville, Cordoba, Charger, C utlas* 
G 7 8 - 1 5 
2 4 .o o 
2.59 
3 4 .8 8 
2.65 
4 6 .o o 
2.79 

F U L L - 
Im p ala, Caprice, O ld * 88 
H 7 8 - 1 5 
2 6 .o o 
2 .79 
3 6 .8 8 
2 .8 8 
4 9 (H ) 
2.96 

G p J T j r l i f e r s * 
!et 
J I S I Z E 
Cadillac, Lin co ln , F o r d /G M w agons 
L 7 8 - 1 5 
3 9 .8 8 
3 .1 2 
51.o o 
3 .28 

Mounting and rotation included 

Sears Where America shops 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Automotive Hour*: 
Mon. and Thurs. 7:3o-9 
A ll other day* 7:3o-6 

M ilitary Drive Store at Pleasanton Bd. 
Automotive Hour*: 
Mon. thru Sat. 
8-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Limp H O 
Automotive Hour*: 
Mon. thru Sal. 
8 - 9 

Truck T ire Center 
IT I I N. Hackberry 
228- *961 
Mon. thru Sat. 
7:3o-5:3o 

SEARS, RO EBU CK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

NEIGHBORHOOD STORES (most item* and service* shown a ls o at Vighborh»»*d stores) 
Valley-Hi 
962 Bandera Bd. 
18oo S . VG Vt. Mi hite Bd. 
I reversal City 
674-5511 
132-2391 
333-291o 
1638 Pat Booker Rd. 
658-7491 

Poof* S S 
H 
San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
M a j o r L o a g i i o l e a d e r s 

Com plot*1 m ro u q ti 
« m n 
AMERICAN n« 
L E A G U E 
F r id a y i n d i v i d u a l r a t t i n g 
IS o r m o re o f b o lt 
T E A M 
B A T T IN G 
AB 
R 
M 
H R 
R B I P ct 
A B 
R 

OI 
X 
X 

R B I P ct 
C o re w 
M in 
19) 
IS 
74 
4 
28 
38) 
C hic m m 
1646 26o 
482 
33 
233 
793 
B a ilo r 
Tor 
1)4 
23 
47 
2 
8 
331 
M in n eso ta 
1697 763 
487 
36 
744 
784 
W ashnqtn 
Tex 
121 
17 
47 
7 
12 
347 
Boston 
1649 233 
467 
66 
741 
783 
F is k 
Bos 
159 
39 
54 
IO 
28 
34o 
K a n s a s City 
1591 726 
443 
33 
2o9 
277 
Bostock 
M in 
172 
3? 
58 
3 
26 
337 
N e w 
Y ork 
1723 237 
475 
43 
27o 
.276 
A Woods 
Tor 
126 
17 
47 
3 
13 
333 

T e xa s 
1534 ISS 
414 
33 
174 
27o 
S odertio tm 
Chi 
14o 
27 
46 
5 
22 
329 

C le ve lan d 
1538 191 
412 
23 
173 
768 
J N o rris 
Cle 
138 
21 
45 
I 
16 .326 

M ilw a u k e e 
1758 22o 
468 
44 
7o4 
266 
S in gleton 
Bol 
134 
22 
43 
6 
22 
321 

C a lifo rn ia 
1567 219 
4o9 
46 
71o 
261 
C halk 
C a l 
ISO 
14 
48 
o 
12 .32o 

Toronto 
16o6 19o 
411 
25 
17o 
76o 
M onson 
N Y 
194 
37 
62 
8 
37 
32o 

S eattle 
1817 215 
468 
43 
2o7 
258 
H isle 
M in 
179 
34 
$7 l l 
46 
318 
D e tro it 
1563 193 
396 
47 
183 
234 
P oouette 
KC 
123 
IS 
39 
o 
7 .317 
B a ltim o re 
1584 174 
399 
39 
164 
252 
B u rle so n 
Bos 
199 
26 
63 
I 
17 
317 
O a k la n d 
1674 7o4 
4o4 
3o 
19o 
249 
C ow ens 
KC 
IS I 
27 
57 
8 
34 
313 

 l O M P b r 
C h i 
W ills 
T o * le m o n 
C h i 
R iv e r* 
N Y 
Morion 
T o * 
M oney 
M il 
Roue 
Ooh 
Loper 
Soc 
F a irly 
T o r 
C ham bliss 
N Y 
F Monies 
D e l 
BBeii 
Cle 
Y oont 
M il 
Y strzm s k i 
Bos 
G B re tt 
K C 
Zisk 
Chi 
H ow ell 
T o r 
I GLOBE 
AUTO 
CE n u N I * O F 
4 FULL PLY* 
POLYESTER 

Starting price i y. plus ExeS Tax. 

Price 
Size 
Fed 
Exc. Tax 
21.88 
A78-13 
1.72 
21.88 
56o-15 
1.77 
22.88 
B78-13 
1.82 
22.88 
6oo-15 
1.81 
23.88 
C78-13 
1.97 
23.88 
B78-14 
1.9o 
23.88 
C78-14 
2o1 
23.88 
E78-14 
2.23 
26.88 
F78-14 
237 
26.88 
G78-14 
2.53 
26.88 
G78-15 
2.59 
29.88 
H78-14 
2.73 
29.88 
H78-15 
2.79 
34.88"" 
J78-15 
2 96 
34.88*" 
L78-15 
3.o9 

"WHITEWALL PRICE 
INSTALLATION INCLUDED! 
WHITES + 3.oo EACH! 
•Ply ratings JHI manufacture s Mlings A Spur ifiCalint, 

DUNLOP GU SS BELTED TIRE! 
2 POLYESTER CORDS plus 2 FIBERGLASS BELTS! 
3488 
G78-14 
H78 14 
G78 15 
H78 IS 

HD 
EXC TAX 

398 8 * 
J78 15 
178-15 

•WHITE PRICE 
WHITES - 4 OO EACH! INSTALLATION INCLUDED! 

DUNLOP TRUCK TIRES! 

S IA 
P H • 

H D 
IX C 
TAX 
PRICE 
SUL 
IPR • 

H D 
EXC 
TAX 
PRICE 
TOO IS 
6 
3588 
H78-15 
6 
3 SO 
51 88 
75o-16 
8 
3 68 
49 88 
L78 16 
8 
3 88 
59 88 
8oo 165 
8 
3 45 
54 88 
1o-15" 
4 
I 13 
59 88 
875-16 5 
8 
3 9-1 
59 88 l l 15" 
6 t c l 
69 88 
95o-16 5 
8 
I 18 
66 88 
STEEL BELTED RADIALS 
1ooo 165 
8 
4 64 
68 88 8 ooR 16 5 
8 
J 66 
71 88 
12oo 16 5 
8 
77 88 8 75f) (6 5 
8 
I 19 
76 88 
G78-15 
6 
3 27 
49.88 9 5oR 16 5 
8 
4 93 
86 88 

" R a i M d W h ite Letters. 

Ply ratings are the m anutactuer s ratings & specifications 

SHOCK ABSORBERS! 
888 
PREMIUM: 

Adjust to road conditions automatically under changing temperatures. 

 r n 

Progressive rate spring stops side-sway and adds comfort and safety to your car (front or r parc\ 
[-ADJUSTABLE: 
For cars or pick-ups that carry variable loads. 

Shocks priced each, are for most cars Installation available. 

J AUTO AIR CONDITIONER SALE! 
1 MODEL CLOSEOUT 

| from 
1 5 9 
I UNIT PRICE 

88 

Deluxes • Slim-lines • Custodies I 
Save Now! Units fit most cars and I pick ups. Installation Available. All . 
Sales Subject to Merchandise on | 

 hand _ _ _ _ _ _ 
I 

 coupon, 
1 LUBE SPECIAL! 
WHEEL ALIGNMENT 

£ 8 8 

CODI 
►with coupon 
Reg Value 7 88 

• Set Camber easier & Toe Shims & 
I Labor included Otter good lor most 
^ U S c a rs jia rts extra if needed 

Includes Filter! 

! Replace Filter, Change Oil. 
I Lube all fittings 
( 
Includes up to 5 qts of 
Major Brand CNI 
I 
Price tor most cars 4 light L trucks with grease fittings 

VII. 
788 
Hm 

Jockey killed 

NEW Y O R K (AF*) - 
Jose Rolon. a jockey from A rg e n tin a , was killed Saturday when his ear was struck at an in­ tersection by a stolen ear being chased by police, officers reported. 
The accident occurred near Aqueduct race­ track. The 23-year-old 
Rolling was apparently headed there to ride a horse in a morning workout. 
Rolon had ridden 25 races and won three at the recently completed 
Aqueduct meet and had had one mount, finishing out of the money, at the current 
Belmont 
Park meet. 
McEvoy prevails 

(JANTON, 
E ngland 
(AF’ ) — Peter McEvoy, an English international w ith Scottish parents. 
Saturday won the British 
Amateur Golf Champion­ ship with a 5 and 4 vic­ tory over Hugh Campbell of Scotland in 38 holes m er Canton's 8.779-yard, par 72 course. 
McEvoy, a 24-year-old law student born in Bon­ don. ovcrw helm ed t lie 
Scot on the first rune of the morning round and jumped himself from one to five up at the halfway mark, then g rim ly held on as the Scot staged a mini-recovery i i i the afternoon. 
McEvoy should have finished the match ear­ lie r, but his afternoon putting went aw ry at crucial times and not un­ til the 32nd hole could be clinch matters. 
McEvoy got the first of his eight birdies of the match to put him in tin' lead at the second, and from then on was never in danger. 
A trio of threes — in­ cluding a couple of b ir­ dies — put him four up and although he dropped hack a couple to <'amp* bell he staged a storming finish to the m o rn in g round by w in n in g an­ other trio of holes. 

E vans 
Kusick 
M C R O * 
Stinson 
Bochle 

Bos 
M in 
K C 
Sea 
C le 

1 ft 
31 
144 
IS 
144 
31 
1/7 
IT 
145 
IT 
1T4 
IS 
IT I 
31 
1o7 
14 
33 
1)o 
17 
4o 
ITS 
27 
177 
23 
144 
2o7 
171 
MS 
23 
31 
T 
31It 

17o 
84 
147 
87 
18T 
3o 
12S 

D e l 

T e x 

M a n k w s k i 
O rta 
Chi 
Cooner 
M il 
V elez 
T o r 
C M ay 
N Y 
W v n e g ar 
M in 
C m p a n e ri* 
R em y 
Col 
Cabbage 
M in 
G am b le 
C hi 
H a rg ro v e 
Tex 
Sanguillen 
O ak 
B e rn h a rd t 
Seo 
B u m b ry 
B a l 
K wiper 
C le 
Stem 
Sea 
W ilfong 
M in 
M oore 
M il 
K em p 
D e i 
BSm ith 
B al 
P oK elly 
B al 
D ade 
Cle 
Randolph 
N Y 
R W hite 
N Y 
R Scott 
O ak 
PO lek 
KC 
H enderson 
Tex 

6o 
S4 
25 
SO 
IT 
*3 
25 
52 
44 
54 
26 
SO 
26 
56 
16 
37 
SO 
33 
5o 
58 
2o 
42 
IO 
25 

C arty 
Cle 
131 
D oyle 
Bos 
139 
Otis 
KC 
ISO 
Spencer 
Chi 
187 
M M o y 
D e l 
144 
Bonds 
C al 
181 
E ssian 
Chi 
111 
Thom pson 
D et 
152 
Bem aul-/ 
Tex 
141 
G ross 
O ak 
167 
L e /c a n o 
M il 
192 
Rice 
Bos 
19o 
H a rra h 
Tex 
152 
Stanton 
Sea 
1o7 
G o rr 
Chi 
165 
R udi 
Cal 
174 
D em psey 
B al 
14o 
Hobson 
Bos 
175 
M u rra y 
B al 
179 
GScott 
Bos 
183 
P o rte r 
KC 
117 
O glivte 
D e l 
141 
B raun 
Sea 
189 
DeCm ces 
B a l 
146 
R e ja c k s o n 
N Y 
162 
Bando 
M il 
183 
C R eynolds 
Sea 
IS I 
A rm as 
O ak 
1o5 
R u jo n e s 
Seo 
194 
Blanks 
Cle 
93 
Allen 
Oak 
15o 
F o rd 
M in 
167 
Dent 
N Y 
147 
Sundberg 
Tex 
119 
G rich 
Cal 
169 
W illiam s 
O ak 
165 
Joshua 
M il 
186 
G Woods 
T o r 
121 
L e F lo re 
D et 
176 
H Torres 
Tor 
88 
Ashby 
Tor 
147 
A ult 
Tor 
164 
N orth 
Oak 
TIS 
P e re / 
O ak 
98 
L M a y 
Bal 
ISO 
M e y e r 
Sea 
189 
W o ffo r d 
M il 
1o6 
M a nning 
Cle 
183 
F W hite 
KC 
13o 
N ettles 
N Y 
182 
Stuub 
Det 
155 
Collins 
Sea 
124 
M a y b e rry 
KC 
162 
S m alley 
M in 
172 
H um phrey 
C al 
1o8 
P G a rc ia 
Tor 
127 
B avlor 
Cal 
161 
Solana 
Col 
9o 
M ilbourne 
Sea 
148 
Beasley 
Tex 
98 
B elonger 
B al 
139 
M c K a y 
To r 
1o9 
Picciolo 
O ak 
1o4 
D ully 
Cle 
87 
V ery t e r 
D e t 
94 
P IT C H IN G 
4 o r m o re dec 

16T 
22 
112 
8 
17o 
17 
ITS 
25 
144 
86 
148 
2o 43 
183 
22 
53 
18o 
25 
52 
142 
22 41 
112 
22 
32 
144 
2o 
41 
ITO 
16 
54 
T5 
13 27 
187 
24 
S3 
166 
16 47 
2o5 
27 
58 
72 l l 
26 
142 
IT 
4o 
16o 
25 
45 
137 
16 
37 
125 
16 
35 
93 
17 
26 
186 
3o 52 
172 
IT 
48 
86 
12 
24 
162 
24 
4S 
TO 
9 
25 
12 
36 
23 
38 
25 
41 
25 
51 
13 
37 
35 
49 
18 
3o 
2o 
41 
22 
38 
23 
45 
2o 
51 
25 
SO 
21 
4o 
13 
28 
24 
43 
33 
45 
7 
36 
2o 
45 
21 
46 
32 
47 
21 
3o 
21 
36 
17 
48 
16 
37 
3o 
41 
24 
46 
14 
45 
7 
26 
27 
48 
IO 
23 
19 
37 
27 
41 
15 
36 
14 
27 
2o 
41 
2o 
4o 
23 
45 
15 
29 
17 
42 
13 
21 
IO 
35 
21 
39 
2o 
28 
5 
23 

13 
29 
27 
4o 
21 
34 
17 
27 
23 
35 
26 
37 
9 
23 
IO 
27 
3o 
34 
1o 
19 
13 
31 
11 
IS 
12 
25 
6 
19 

o 
I 
6I 
7 t8 
4 
3 
61 
4 
J 
J 
2 
141 ti 
5 
5 
2 
2 I 
4 
5 
8 I 
4 
I 
1 o 
8 
2 
2 
5 I o 
5 
I o 
6 
1 
6 G 
I 
4 o o 
3 
2 o 
6 
7 
4 ll 
2 
7 
2 ll 
9 
11 
6 
5 
2 
9 
I 
7 
J 
12 
4 
6 
1 
7 
8 
6 
2 
4 
9 
2 
5 
4 I 
1 
6 
11 
3 o 
3 o 
2 
6 
I 
I 
7 
6 
I 
3 
1 
12 
5 
2 
7 
2 
I o 
7 
3 o o 
I o 
1 o 
2 

TO 
J IT 
16 
I I I 
26 
H I 
17 
) l l 
27 
31o 
27 
3o7 
3o 
3o7 
17 
3o8 
21 
3o8 
33 
3o6 
12 
3o5 
25 
3o5 
18 
3o4 
28 
3o4 
15 
3o3 
38 .3o3 l l 
3o2 
24 
279 
16 
279 
29 
276 
1o 
296 
15 
276 
13 
295 
24 .294 
26 .293 
33 
292 
7 .291 
24 .291 
11 .29o 
2o .289 
21 .289 
18 
286 
16 
285 
23 
284 
17 
284 
IO 
283 
14 
283 
25 
283 
6 
283 
19 .282 
25 .281 
IO .281 
2o 
78o 
14 
28o 
14 
28o 
14 .279 
4 .279 
23 .278 
7 .278 
17 .275 
14 .273 
23 .273 
26 .273 
15 .271 
3o .271 
21 .27o 
3o .27o 
18 .27o 
28 .269 
24 .266 
32 .263 
2o .263 
2o .262 
2o .261 
42 .259 
17 
257 
34 .257 
18 
257 
27 .257 
19 .256 
IS 
255 
15 .254 
19 .253 
24 
2S3 
25 
251 
14 .249 
13 .248 
3o 
247 
9 .247 
31 .247 
21 .246 
22 
245 
16 .244 
22 .243 
25 
242 
15 .242 
9 .24o 
18 
239 
4 .239 
13 .238 
27 .238 
5 .237 
5 .235 
28 .233 
23 .233 
13 .226 
IO 
224 
IO .223 
34 
22o 
19 .2 )9 
9 .218 
24 .2 )6 
12 .215 
13 .21 ’ 
9 
213 
2o .211 
15 .211 
7 
2o9 
5 .184 
9 
18o 
IO .174 
4 
173 
7 .172 
9 .16o 

P a lm e r 
B al 
Litten 
KC 
E ckersiey 
Cle 
K e rn 
Cle 
V uckovich 
T o r 
R M o v 
Bal 
G u id ry 
N Y 
T ra v e rs 
M il 
Loxton 
Seo 
Cam pbell 
Bos 
H o rn e ll 
Cai 
G a rv in 
Tor 
G rim s ley 
B al 
O A texnder 
Tex 
Jenkins 
Bos 

1o4 
79 
38 
69 
7 
4 
J 77 
28 
21 
13 
29 
4 
2 
2 86 
•7 
59 
27 
59 
6 
3 
2 87 
3o 
25 
IS 
25 
I 
3 
3 oo 
35 
3o 
18 
24 
2 
4 
3 o6 
77 
74 
33 
33 
6 
5 
3 14 
5o 
46 
2o 
42 
3 
2 
3 22 
53 
5o 
29 
2o 
3 
4 
3.23 
34 
26 
IS 
2o 
2 
2 
3 25 
41 
33 
16 
35 
4 
3 
3 29 
45 
4o l l 
24 
I 
4 
3 4o 
84 
85 
31 
43 
6 
3 
3 4o 
78 
88 
23 
23 
6 
3 
3 43 
67 
62 
24 
23 
6 
2 
3 48 
82 
77 
15 
45 
5 
5 
3 SO 

N A T IO N A L 
L E A G U E 
T E A M 
B A T T IN G 
A B 
R 
H 
Los Angeles 
1723 
265 
496 
St Louis 
1652 
243 
468 
Chicago 
1568 
228 
432 
Cincinnati 
1619 
234 
444 
P ittsburgh 
15o7 
2o9 
4o8 
Atlanta 
1785 
219 
473 
P hiladelphia 
1552 
2o4 
4o5 
M ontreal 
1682 
184 
438 
Son Diego 
1866 
261 
474 
S anFroncisco 
17o7 
186 
429 
Houston 
1673 
18o 
4o2 
N ew York 
1645 
175 
39) 

P o rk e r 
Pgh 
T rillo 
Chi 
M u m p h ry 
S IL 
Scott 
SIL 
Randle 
N Y 
Sim m ons 
SIL 
O ntiveros 
Chi 
H endrick 
SD 
B a ke r 
LA 
E V Ientine 
M il 
Sm ith 
LA 
Luzm ski 
Phi 
Rose 
Cm 
Kranepool 
N Y 
Cey 
LA 
Brock 
SIL 
H ebner 
Phi 
G arv e y 
LA 
W infield 
SD 
G ritfe v 
Cm 
Lopes 
LA 
C ro m rh e 
M il 
D y er 
Pgh 
G Foster 
Cm 
O liv e r 
Pgh 
J eM orales 
Chi 
S largell 
Pah 
M cC ovey 
SF 
M oore 
Atl 
CJohnson 
Htn 
(vie 
SD 
Stennett 
Pgh 
K H rn o n d i 
StL 
M o rg an 
Cin 
B oiscloir 
N Y 
Johnstone 
Phi 
M atthew s 
At! 
Tm pleton 
S te 
U nser 
M il 
Bnttner 
Chi 
C a rte r 
M tl 
M adlock 
SF 
Pocorobo 
Atl 
R e d / 
StL 
S u em o re 
Phi 
W hitfield 
SF 
Boone 
Phi 
Cncepcion 
Cm 
H C ruz 
StL 
B urroughs 
Atl 
D e jes u s 
Chi 
D oR ader 
SO 
BRobm son 
Pgh 
E van s 
SF 
C lork 
SF 

41 247 .254 
35 173 .251 
34 171 .24o 
36 159 .238 
IN D IV ID U A L 
B A T T IN G 
.................. 
85 o r m o re a t bats 
A B 
R 
H H R .R B I P ct 
34 
68 
24 
21 

186 
159 
95 
1o7 
1o3 
158 
28 

58 
33 
13 
37 
2o 
35 

144 
164 
24 

52 
IS 
47 
171 
165 
162 
45 
145 
23 

53 
29 
55 
22 
53 57 

186 
124 
172 

37 
18 
39 
3o 
54 
15o 
21 
47 
9o 
16 
28 
2o3 
33 
63 
216 
46 
67 
37 
61 
34 
56 
18 
58 l l 
28 
28 
53 

197 
181 
188 
91 
173 
16o 
154 

86 
159 
126 
126 
146 
166 
156 
158 
91 
115 
149 

24 
49 
17 
47 
13 
26 
19 
48 
17 
38 
7o 
38 
24 
44 
17 
SO 

184 
33 
1o6 l l 

28 
44 
54 

171 
13o 
2oo 

121 

31 
22 
5o 
19 
38 
28 
58 
IS 
35 
18o 
22 
52 
142 
17 
41 
14 
21 
17 
17 

1o4 
136 
178 
119 
193 
35 
187 
161 
86 
147 
12o 

3o 
39 
51 
34 
SS 
32 
S3 
19 
45 
13 
24 
19 
41 
15 
33 

41 .366 
21 .365 
9 
347 
21 .346 
5 
34o 
3o .329 
19 .326 
26 .323 
28 .322 
24 .321 
35 .321 
27 
317 
23 
317 
17 .315 
48 
314 
14 .313 l l .311 
39 .31o 
4? .31o 
2o .31o 
13 
3o9 
13 .3o9 
11 .3o8 
33 .3o6 
27 
3o6 
29 .3o5 
19 
3o2 
31 .3o7 
9 .3o2 
22 .3o2 
28 .3o1 
16 .3o1 
31 .3o1 
26 .297 
12 .297 
12 
296 
23 .295 
16 .293 
15 .292 
22 .292 
17 .292 
19 .29o 
19 
289 
31 
239 
14 
289 
13 .788 
23 .287 
17 
287 
18 .286 
4o .285 
16 .283 
27 
28o 
18 .279 
18 .279 
16 
275 

MARSHALL COACH Denny Ivey, right, accepts a plaque from 
Express-News sportsw riter John Hines signifying the Rams’ selection as the top baseball team on the E-N Top Ten. - - STAFF 
PHOTO 

T . L . a v e r a g e s 

G e ro n im o 
Cm 
153 
19 
42 
4 
18 .275 
R A n d rew s 
SF 
117 
13 
29 
o 
8 
.248 
W atson 
Htn 
168 
26 
46 
6 
26 .274 
Thom as 
SF 
15o 
14 
37 
o 
7 .247 

S te arn s 
N Y 
132 
16 
36 
6 
19 
273 
T u rn e r 
SD 
1o6 
21 
26 
4 
17 
.245 
Cash 
M tl 
2o6 
3o 
56 
o 
13 .272 
R o yster 
All 
2o1 
3o 
49 
3 
12 .244 

H ow e 
Htn 
1o3 
IO 
28 
I 
13 
272 
P ac io rek 
Atl 
12o 
17 
29 
3 
13 
.242 
M o n d a y 
LA 
173 
22 
47 
6 
26 .272 
S chm idt 
Phi 
IS I 
25 
36 
7 
18 .238 
Y e a g e r 
LA 
14o 
18 
38 
4 
2o .271 
S taiger 
N Y 
1o5 
13 
25 
2 
8 
.238 
M tle r w a ld 
Chi 
133 
21 
36 
4 
15 .271 
G a rn e r 
Pgh 
161 
26 
38 
4 
16 .236 
M c B rid e 
StL 
115 
2o 
31 
4 
2o .27o 
Speter 
M tl 
145 
13 
34 
o 
5 .234 
M a d d o x 
Phi 
197 
24 
S3 
4 
24 .269 
D aw son 
M tl 
111 
12 
26 
2 l l 
.234 

C a b e ll 
Htn 
175 
21 
47 
2 
16 .269 
Fob 
SF 
189 
IS 
44 
I 
12 .233 
T h m asson 
SF 
123 
17 
33 
J 
1$ .268 
C ham pion 
SD 
194 
14 
45 
o 
19 
.232 
M iln e r 
N Y 
1o5 l l 
28 
5 
IS .267 
A lm on 
SD 
194 
26 
44 
o l l 
.227 
JG o n zalez 
Htn 
18o 
13 
48 
o 
12 .267 
Bench 
Cm 
15o 
2o 
34 
9 
31 
.227 
P e re z 
M tl 
173 
2o 
46 
6 
27 .266 
Bow a 
Phi 
156 
17 
35 
2 
13 
.224 
M u r c e r 
Chi 
159 
3o 
42 
9 
32 .264 
G R ich a rd s 
SD 
175 
31 
39 
I 
7 .223 
M o n t a n e / 
Atl 
11o 
14 
29 
5 
12 
264 
H ill 
SF 
118 
8 
26 
2 
9 
.22o 
J C r u / 
Htn 
175 
23 
46 
2 
17 .263 
K ingm on 
N Y 
164 
19 
36 
8 
25 
.22o 
R ussell 
LA 
2o2 
27 
53 
o 
14 
262 
M ilton 
N Y 
124 
14 
27 
o 
5 .218 
F e rg u so n 
Htn 
153 
19 
4o 
9 
21 .261 
Tenace 
SD 
166 
21 
36 
4 
28 
.217 
R o c k ett 
All 
88 
9 
23 
o 
8 .261 
H e rn d o n 
SF 
94 
8 
2o 
I 
4 
.213 
D n e s s e n 
Cm 
146 
19 
38 
4 
3o .26o 
M o re n o 
Pgh 
147 
24 
31 
2 l l 
.211 
O ffic e 
Atl 
123 
IO 
32 
I l l 
26o 
G ilb re a th 
Atl 
114 
IO 
24 
I 
12 .211 
P a rris h 
M tl 
163 
19 
42 
6 
18 .258 
M a zzilti 
N Y 
176 
2o 
37 
I 
9 
.21o 
T a v e ro s 
Pgh 
164 
21 
41 
o l l .25o 
T yson 
SIL 
121 l l 
25 
o 
7 .2o7 
Cedeno 
Htn 
149 
18 
29 
2 l l 
.195 
H a rrels o n 
N Y 
1o9 
P IT C H IN G 
8 
17 
I 
6 
.156 

 o r m o re decisio ns 
......................... 
IP 
H BB SO W L E R A 

Note: S ta tis tic s in c lu d e s g a m e s th ro u g h M a y 29 e x c e p t M id la n d a t A rk a n s a s (M a y 2 8 D H ). T u ls a a t 
San A n to n io (M a y 28 2 9), A m a r illo a t J a c k s o n (M a y 
29) 

O th e rs 
1o2 
3? 

E l Paso 
M id la n d 
San Antonio 
A m o rin o 
A rk a n s a s 
T u lso 
S h re v e p o rt 
J a c k s o n 

T E A M B A T T IN G 
A B 

1214 
1236 
1241 
1223 
1351 
1374 

T O P IO H IT T E R S 
Based on IOO a t bats 

R 
H 
HR 
R B I 
P ct 
265 
385 
49 
23o 
313 
215 
34o 
29 
189 
275 
171 
333 
22 
148 
.274 
185 
327 
18 
162 
265 
146 
326 l l 
123 
.263 
189 
314 
15 
16o 
.257 
184 
344 
23 
159 
.255 
196 
345 
23 
167 
.251 

*P 
H BB 
SO W 
L E R A 
L yle 
N Y 
44 
35 
12 
23 
2 
2 
o 82 
ToJohnson 
M in 
37 
28 
7 
23 
5 
2 
I 45 
Tidrow 
N Y 
SS 
48 
15 
33 
4 
2 
I 64 
F igueroa 
N Y 
9o 
7o 
28 
36 
7 
3 
I 8o 
Lacey 
Oak 
29 
2o 
8 
26 
2 
2 
1.82 
D evine 
Tex 
29 
21 
IO 
17 
4 
I 
1.86 
T an an a 
Col 
99 
79 
25 
95 
8 
2 
2.o8 
Rom o 
Sea 
37 
32 
15 
28 
2 
3 
2.17 
B u rg m e ier 
M in 
41 
33 
9 
9 
5 
I 
2.2o 
Foucault 
D e t 
24 
18 
6 
23 
3 
2 
2.22 
Blyleven 
Tex 
93 
76 
26 
65 
4 
6 
2.31 
Slaton 
M il 
79 
6o 
29 
34 
3 
5 
2.37 
Ryan 
Cal 
1o4 
63 
78 113 
8 
4 
2.42 
Langford 
O ak 
62 
58 
27 
43 
4 
3 
2.47 
Stone 
Chi 
77 
68 
26 
4o 
6 
3 
2.55 
O M a rtm e / 
Bul 
34 
24 
15 
15 
3 
2 
2.6o 
R o /e m a 
D et 
89 
8o 
13 
4*1 
5 
2 
2 72 
Colborn 
KC 
76 
64 
27 
36 
6 
5 
2.72 
A rroyo 
Det 
56 
47 
14 
17 
3 
2 
2.73 

A B 
R 
H 
HR 
R B I 
P ct. 
K u b s k i. E IP 
13/ 
33 
56 
o 
26 
4o9 
G ilfo rd , J a c k s o n 
I?1 
19 
43 
I 
21 
.355 
L a n s fo rd . E IP 
127 
23 
45 
8 
39 
.354 
Fischefti, SA 
139 
22 
49 
4 
22 
.353 
P a g e l, M id 
129 
33 
44 
13 
49 
.341 
S a fe rig h t. Shr 
1o7 
17 
36 
5 
21 
.336 
P e rk in s . A m a 
IJ J 
71 
48 
3 
31 
.336 
M u r r ill, A m a 
118 
19 
39 
4 
29 
.331 
L a n d re a u x , E IP 
128 
35 
4? 
IO 
34 
.328 
S lin ia c . A m a 
132 
19 
43 
4 
22 
.326 

O ther San A n to n io D o d g e r A v e ra g e s 
C. S m ith 
32 
6 
IO 
3 
8 
.313 
F a r r 
61 
16 
19 
6 
2o 
.311 
W a s h in g to n 
136 
21 
41 
o l l 
.3o1 
W e b b 
146 
17 
44 
2 
18 
.3o1 
L e o n a rd 
. 
134 
22 
34 
o 
13 
.254 
R ushde 
118 
V 
3o 
I 
7 
254 
H a nce 
85 
5 
21 
o 
9 
.247 
O H ar 
33 
4 
8 
o 
3 
.24? 
M e v e rs 
1o6 
12 
24 
3 
14 
.226 
G a rris o n 
89 
16 
19 
o 
5 
.213 

17 
.314 
H o m e R un L e a d e rs : P a g e i, M id la n d , 13; t a n d re a u x , E l P aso. IO, 
P e te rs , E l P a s o . 8; 
L a n s fo r d . 
E l P aso , 8: B od le , J a c k s o n , 7; B ra n t. J a c k s o n . 7. 
R B I L e ad e rs : P a g e l, M id la n d , 49, L a n s fo r d . E l 
P a s o . 39. la n d r e a u x , E l P aso . 34, 
B ra n t, J a c k s o n 
32; P e rk in s . A m a rillo , 31 

TO P IO P IT C H E R S 
Based on 3o in n in g s p itc h ed 

K u r u s a k i, A rk 
H o lla n d . S hr 
B lg g e rs ta tf, SA 41 ' 3 
W o ic ik , Joe 
D a rw in Tut 
V a n d e c a s te e lle , Joe 
C o m e r, Tut 
S c u r ry . Shr 
R n c a n e lli, E IP 
M ilk e . Jo e 

D S m ith 
P o w e r 
K u n k lc r 
S lo c u m 
P a tte rs o n 
S h irle y 
M a r tin 
B obi tig er 
S ta n d ie v 

4-o, H o lla n d . S h re v e p o rt. 4-1; R a c a n e lli. E l P a s o . 
4 1; D . R o b in s o n , S h r e v e p o r t , 4 1, H o n e y c u tt , 
S h r e v e p o r t , 4 -1 ; E ic h e lb e r g e r . A m a r ill o . 4 2 ; 
S tre h tz , A rk a n s a s , 4-2,' S cott, J a c k s o n , 4-4 
M o s t S trik e o u ts : 
B e r e n g u e r, J a c k s o n , 4 8 ; D. 
R o b in s o n , S h r e v e o o r t, 4 5, S c o tt, J a c k s o n , 4 2 ; 
P o w e r, San Antonio, 4o; D a rw in , T u ls a , 39: S c u r ry . 
S h re v e p o rt. 39; 

IP 
H 
BB 
SO 
W L 
E R A 
33 
34 
7 
23 
o 2 
o.82 
31 .i 19 
13 
24 
4-1 
1.15 i 
39 
12 
16 
2-2 
1.96 
3o 
29 
17 
15 
1-o 
2.1o 
49 
39 
29 
39 
4 o 
2.2o 
31 
32 
6 
21 
7 7 
7.37 
65 , 
6o 
18 
29 
3-5 
2.48 
43 j 
39 
18 
39 
o-3 
2.49 
42 j 
34 
9 
77 
4-1 
2.55 
39 . 
34 
IO 
73 
1-2 
2.75 

 mo D o d g er P itc h e rs 
27 
77 
21 
18 l l 
3.33 
4?-’ 3 
25 
34 
4o 
3-2 
4.o1 
28’ 3 
33 
14 
13 
2 3 
5.o? 
34 
36 
18 
32 
1-2 
5 56 
3o . 
4? 
7 
16 l l 
5.93 
7 1 '3 
36 
18 
18 
1 2 
8.23 
24**3 
37 
15 
16 
7 7 
8.39 
24**3 
36 
15 
8 
o-4 
9.85 
113 
4 
I 
o 
O I 
16.2o n, T u ls a , 4 o; K e lle y . E l 
P a s o , 

L a ve lle 
SF 
37 
28 
17 
29 
4 
2 
o.72 
Gossoge 
Pgh 
35 
22 
15 
44 
4 
I 
1.26 
Schultz 
StL 
24 
23 
6 
12 
3 
I 
1.46 
C a n d lria 
Pgh 
62 
51 
13 
36 
7 
I 
1.72 
R ogers 
M tl 
1o8 
85 
26 
83 
7 
4 
1.92 
S am bito 
Htn 
31 
2o 
IO 
21 
3 
I 
2.o1 
T e ku lv e 
Pgh 
3o 
2o 
IO 
16 
3 
I 
2.1o 
Reed 
Phi 
37 
36 
12 
24 
4 
2 
2.19 
Hough 
LA 
55 
4o 
21 
44 
3 
3 
2.26 
G a rb e r 
Phi 
3o 
21 
8 
23 
2 
3 
2.4o 
Fin g e rs 
SD 
48 
49 
12 
36 
3 
I 
2.61 
Koosm an 
N Y 
82 
62 
31 
63 
4 
5 
2.85 
R ooker 
Pgh 
58 
49 
2o 
28 
5 
3 
2 93 
Hooton 
LA 
72 
61 
25 
54 
4 
2 
2.97 
N o rm a n 
Cm 
71 
56 
34 
55 
5 
2 
3.o1 
R ic h a rd 
Htn 
85 
73 
33 
59 
4 
3 
3.o5 
DSutton 
LA 
69 
62 
25 
35 
6 
2 
3 12 
R uthven 
Atl 
42 
4o 
17 
26 
3 
3 
3.21 
Denny 
StL 
66 
69 
22 
26 
J 
o 
3 26 
H a lic k i 
SF 
6° 
7o 
21 
57 
4 
5 
3.26 
C arlto n 
Phi 
8o 
71 
25 
51 
7 
2 
3.35 
R R euschel 
Chi 
71 
77 
21 
35 
6 
2 
3.41 
John 
LA 
61 
72 
14 
36 
6 
2 
3.52 
K F o rs c h 
Htn 
35 
41 
IO 
23 
4 
3 
3 .5 3 ,, 
C am p 
Atl 
4o 
44 
2o 
26 
3 
I 
3.54 
M a tlo c k 
N Y 
78 
86 l l 
56 
3 
7 
3 55 
S ea v er 
N Y 
78 
69 
25 
56 
5 
3 
3.58 
B a rr 
SF 
79 
96 
12 
37 
6 
S 
3.63 
JB ro w n 
M f! 
49 
41 
19 
3o 
I 
4 
3.65 
Bonham 
Chi 
73 
67 
24 
39 
6 
4 
3.67 
B in g h a m 
Cm 
77 
87 
26 
33 
6 
3 
3.72 
S hirley 
SD 
67 
68 
22 
SS 
3 
6 
3.72 
R F o rs c h 
StL 
69 
66 
23 
3o 
7 
2 
3.88 
L e rc h 
Phi 
64 
62 
27 
33 
5 
2 
3 9o 
M nttusco 
SF 
64 
69 
19 
51 
2 
7 
3.92 
Rasm ssen 
StL 
7o 
66 
17 
28 
3 
7 
3.97 
Falcone 
StL 
63 
63 
24 
32 
2 
5 
4.14 
Rau 
LA 
62 
72 
IS 
37 
5 
I 
4.19 
Lem ongllo 
Htn 
66 
8o 
16 
23 
I 
8 
4.21 
M s rsm th 
Att 
59 
59 
16 
37 
4 
I 
4.25 
B u rn s 
Chi 
75 
89 
21 
4o 
7 
5 
4.3o 
A n d u ia r 
Htn 
66 
66 
3o 
31 
5 
3 
4.32 
R Jones 
SD 
67 
83 
IO 
22 
4 
5 
4.41 

P l a y e r P e r i s c o p e 

H e re is a look a t how p lo v e rs fro m Son A n to n io a r e d o in g in the m in o r leagues. 

P la y e r Club 
B A T T IN G 
AB 
R 
H 2B 3B H R R B I P ct. 
RO N JACO BS Season 
89 
9 
23 
I 
I 
2 
13 
.258 
H O L Y O K E (A A ) W eek 
8 
o 
I 
o 
o 
o 
9 
.125 
J IM K ID D E R Season 
61 
IS 
IO 
S 
o 
I 
I 
.311 
S H R E V E P O R T (A A ) W eek 
17 
7 
8 
7 
o 
o 
7 
.47o 
K E N P A P E Season 
116 
18 
31 
7 
2 
I 
17 
.267 
TUC SO N (A A A ) W eek 
9 
5 
C 
I 
I 
o 
5 
.667 
G A R R Y P Y K A Season 
62 
2 
13 
o 
o 
o 
6 
.267 
H O L Y O K E (A A ) W eek 
17 
I 
4 
o 
o 
o 
3 
.235 
T E R R Y P Y K A Season 
21 
5 
5 
o 
o 
o 
2 
.238 
TUC SO N (A A A ) W eek ll 
4 
3 
o 
o 
o 
o 
273 
B L A IR S T O U F F E R Season 
95 
14 
16 
3 
o 
I 
7 
.168 
T U L S A (A A ) W eek 
19 
6 
S 
I 
o 
o 
I 
.263 

P la y e r Club 
P IT C H IN G 
G 
W L 
IP 
H 
BB 
SO 
E R A 
M IC K E Y M A H L E R Season 
I 
2 
3 
29 
29 
15 
15 
4.15 
R IC H M O N D (A A A ) W eek 
7 
o 
2 
9 l l 
3 
S 
_ 
R IC H A R D M A H L E R S eason 
I 
3 
o 
34 
27 
19 
25 
2.65 
S A V A N N A H (A A ) W eek 
I 
I 
o 
6 
S 
S 
2 
— 

C a m p time 

The San Antonio Rac­ quetball and 
Handball 
Club will offer a summer camp for boys and girls ages 7-1(1 and 11-15 years old June tt-1o. 
Hours of the camp w ill be 9 am . to 3 p.m. and 

 will include racquetball instructions, swimming, camp T -s h irt and a sports bag.'Total cost for the week is $52.5o. For registration or more in­ formation. contact Bruce 
Hendin at 349-2781. 

SERVICE CENTER HOURS 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 9 -9 SATURDAY 9 -6 
CLOSED SUNDAY 
7142 N. SAN PEDRO 
238 S.W. MILITARY 
4 9 2 o FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

Oil & Gas Wfell Service 
Equipment Operators 
Top Pay and Benefits for Hard W orkers 

With the urgent search for oil and gas, we need career-orient­ ed, promotable people to drive, maintain and operate Dowell cementing and well service equipment. Requires energetic, hardworking men or women. 

• 
Guaranteed salary plus generous overtime 

• 
Insurance, vacation and other benefits 

• 
Expenses paid while in the field 

• 
Outstanding promotion potential for copable workers 

Must be at least 21 years old, should have high school educa­ tion and meet Department of Transportation qualifications. 

Interviews Friday, Saturday and Sunday, June 3, 4 and 5, 9 a.m. to 5 p m. la Quinta Hotel on Highway 3 5 in San An­ tonio, phone 9 2 2 -2 1 I I , ask for Dowell representative or just drop by, have a cup of coffee with us and discuss your future. 

-BANKAMf RICARD 

¥k?m psi Esmle the super-fast Yashica FII emu faster. 

 lf you're looking for a rugged, full-featured SLR with an action power winder, the Yashica FR. was made for you. shoots photo sequences at least 2o% faster than its com­ petitors' fastest winders. 
That s because the FR has an advanced electro­ magnetic release system, the most responsive system available. A unique focal plane shutter that assures shutter-speed accuracy by avoiding the "inertia lag" found in conventional designs. And because the Yashica 
FR s winder is powered with 6 batteries, not four, you get power-to-spare for constant high speed power shooting at up to 2.5 shots per second. 
And that’s just the beginning. The Yashica FRs full information viewfinder, with bright, easy-to-read LED’s tells everything you need to know, at a glance. Add all-metal construction to the Yashica FR s compact design, and you have one of the fastest handling, most rugged f|S yfc||8^ cameras. 
And lenses? 34 in all, inciud- ing the super-sharp Yashica jH H H B g a 
Multi-coated lenses, and the legendary Carl Zeiss T-Star(T‘ ) lenses, which are available only on Contax/Yashica cameras. 
Choose from a full complement 

 of innovative accessories like 
It 
* I i H it! electric cable switches, a re­ mote control Infrared phaser that triggers the FR with an invisible beam of light, and an automatic bellows. You’ll see why the Yashica FR is one of the most advanced systems cameras ever made, offering advantages that no other camera system has. And now we’ve gone even further to make the Yashica FR a super-speedster. 
We’ve added a new, electrically linked pro-grip that makes the super-fast Yashica FR even faster. Both for handling and for shooting. 
The action-packed Yashica FR. 
See it in action at your Yashica dealer. 
* FR is a licensed trademark of Cine Magnetics, Inc. 

YASHICA 

FREE With the 
Purchase of a Yashica FR and Action Winder 

Just send us this coupon along with the 
Yashica FR warranty card that comes with every Yashica FR and winder and we ll 

 send you the $55 professional grip FREE! 
Offer expires August 31, 1977. 

Name 

Address 

City 
State 
Zip 

Yashica FR Serial No 
Winder No. 

Need more information first? 
Just send in this coupon and we ll send you more information on the Yashica FR and the name of the dealer nearest you. 
Yashica Inc . 41 I Sette Drive, Paramus, N J. o7652 

Strikesf n Spares 

B y H a r r y P a g e 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday June 5 1977 

Locals still hot in state tourneys 

 people around Odessa, Midland, and Amarillo will certainly be glad when San Antonio stops sending keglers to bowl in its centers. 
The locals continued their splendid showings in the Men's and 
Women’s state tournaments last weekend. 
Stat! Schoenfeid and Wes Merck took over the Class A doubles lead injhe men s tourney at Odessa and Midland. The pair had a combined score of 1,2o8. Jimmie Rivera and Doug Raymond are in second place with 1.2o:1. 

Gres Barnes and David Rathmann continue to leat) Class D singles with 
I,‘JKH. 
Jay Webber remains the leader in 
Class C singles with HJS and Ciass C all events with 1.748 with only one wee­ kend to go in the event! 
Alt Penaleza of BoerneJius the ( lass 
I) singles lead with a H2o series, and 
Hob Willard and Ken Wood of New 
Braunfels are third in Class B doubles with 1.2.1*1. Carl Selmelle and Hob 
Koenneeke of Fredericksburg are se- coiid in Class I) doubles with 1.14o. 
June Muskopf and Betty Biediger led the local assault iii the women's state tournament at Amarillo. 
Muskopl. rolling with a neck brace because of an auto accident a few months huck, took over the ( lass A singles lead with a (ill? series. 
Biediger. who works at Thunder 
Bowl. is tied with Vivian Berry o f 
IN lei* for the Nov ice Div ision all events lead wiih a I,.'19.1 total. 
Myrt DeFil> is third in the Open 
Division singles with a .IK.) series, and 
Debbie Hinton moved into second place in Class I) all events with 1,554. 
Fat Slieehy remains second iii Class ll all events with 1.o35. and she and 
Darlene Schneider hold a three-pin edge in Class C doubles with 1,93(1. 
On the area scene, Helen Sturm of 
Kenedy is the Class F leader with SHI. 
Palsy Yabber of Kenedy is tied for third in ( lass C singles will) a 558, add the Uvalde Bowling Center is third in 
Class C team with 2,595. 
Aurora Cooper earned a Century 
Patch in the state event. Cooper bowled exactly inn pins over her aver­ age w it Ii a 255 game. 

 a 

Spi is 111 

IMadelyn Spreng will become the president of the San Antonio Women's 
Bowling Association, effective Aug. I. 
Spreng will replace Judy Stephen­ son. who resigned the post she served since 1973. 
Spreng is currently the first vice president of the association. 
Eunice Baboos provided most of the week's talk with a 29o game at South­ side. Baboos opened her second game with a 2-7 split, which she converted. then she slammed Ii straight strikes for her big game. 
Ba I loos, who has a I (12 average, started off with a 134 in the Columbia 
31 MI League, earned a Century Patch for her big game, then finished w ith a 178 for a (1U2 series. 
B a lin e 
29(1 is the-best single-game performance for a local woman howler this season. The mark also beats the 
289 mark rolled by several howlers last season. 
The San Antonio Bowling Associa­ tion’s annual meeting will be held at 
2:3(1 p.m. next Sunday, .lune 12, at 
Hermann Sons. Among the items on the agenda are: The proposal to in­ crease dues from $3.25 lo $3.5o; per­ mitting the one-time reelection of the president for one additional one-year term; and increasing the number of directors of the association from 15 to 
2u. League representatives or desig­ nated representatives are urged to at­ tend this important gathering. The election of officers, including Art 
Johnson for president, will be on the program also. 
The second annual SABA/SA WB.-\ 
Mixed Tournament will be held at All 
Star on July 1(1-17. July 23-24, and July 
3o-31. Fntry fee is $7 per person per event. Entry blanks will be available at all centers giving full details. Entries are to be mailed to the SAMBA office at P.O. Box 19427. S.A.. 78219. Entry deadline is June 3o. 
The City Match Game Doubles tournament for 189 and under bowlers will be held at Southside Lanes. June 
25*29. Steve Holt, the tournament director, related the tournament is limited to the first 32 entries. Entry fee is $27 per man in the double-elimina­ tion ev (‘lit with no qualifying rounds. A guaranteed prize fund of $1,15o will be at stake. First place is worth $5o9. 

MADELYN SPRENG 
. . .incoming prexy 

A round the lunet* 

Gilbert Huron, who has a 144 aver- 
;e. rolled a 253 game at All Star 
... Virginia Clifton rolled her first 9oo 
(9o3), Jerry Johnson had a 243, Bill 
Borellis 243, Elmer Krause 244, and 
Art Vera 
244 at Oak Hills ... 
Tom 
Hampton had a 279 game. Pat Dickey rolled a -78, Fred Capps 214. and 
John Bernstein rolled his first OOO 
(HIH) at Sun Pedro ... Charm Karzuk picked up the Big Four split at Wonder 
Bowl ... 
Ed Gray, who has a 151 average, had a 288 game, and Jacob 
Perez roiled a 125 pins over his average with a 252 at Sports Palace ... 
Pokey Buckholts had a 297 game. 
Boland Fcnskc 
259, and 
Mike 
McPherson 253 at Goliad ... Mary 
Garcia picked up the Big Four split. 
John Cardwell had a 243, and Lupe 
Guerra 
248 at Southside ... 
Eddie 
Chavez picked up the 7-1o split at 
Bow U rania ... Bertha Milford picked up the 2-7-1o at Turner ... Jerry Moon was elected president of the Super 
Masters League at Sports Palace ... 
Larry Kassner has the lead in the 
Super Marathon at Bow tora ma with a 
4.128 total. 
( hristies’s Seafood, with Ruby 
Bowman. Julee Patterson, Clara Pro­ vost, Myrna Baccus. and Angie Yanas won the Tuesday Toppers League at 
All Star ... General Roofing, with Ida 
Heim, Margo Lochamy, and Anna Lee 
Kass won the Tri-Seekers League, and 
Imperial Jewelry, with Roz Porrini. 
Carole Butcher. Maggie Schwethelm, 
Penny McLean. Shirley Mansfield, and 
Wilma Hewglcy won the Alamo Cityi 
All-Star League at Oak Hills. 
A Women's Amateur Tournament 
Affiliation (WATA-175) is being formed. The group is being organized for ladies with averages 175 and under. 
Membership fee will be $12 per year. 
The membership fee funds will be used for the prize list in the annual tourna­ ment. which will also carry a $25 entry fee. For further information concern­ ing WATA-175, call The Kegler at 
828-5745, or Southside Lanes at 
927-37o1. 
El Rural Spice, led by Mary De Los 
Santos, Fay Tidrick, Janet Moore, 
Lina Mata, and Charlotte Cammack won the Martinettes League at South­ side ... Lois Arnold, Deborah Hodges, and Wanda Chipnian won the Good 
Timers League at Astro ... Nancy E ve­ ner. Dorothy Maese. Donna Tarter. 
Marie Meissner. and Joyce Garner, representing Harlow Apartments, won the Hollywood Park League at San 
Pedro ... Susie Reichley and Pat 
Costello are currently in second place in the Open Division doubles with a 
1.2o4 total at the WIBC tournament. 
Don't forget! The Hall of Fame bal­ lots are out. Deadline for entries is 
July 31. To be eligible to Hie local Hall of Faille, a candidate must be. or have been, a resident within the area served by the SABA and the SAU BA. 

Last week’s results 

 l a n e n o t e s 
ALL STAR: 
Roy Mum; 6JJ, Ruv Grant 638, 
Johnnie Barnet) 615, Em ily Pqrk 591, Cqrolyn Lot* 
55;. Ruby I rte 551. 

BO W LER A M A : 
Bernice White 535. Johnny 
McNeal 615, Dave Mangqn 615. 
GOLIAD: Chic Hewitt (Sr. cituerO 23/ 683, Mike 
McPherson 68o. 6M, Pokey Buchholtz 654, Benny 
Del Castillo 642, Wmford Webb 629; Oolite Hoskins 
233 6oS, Bonnie Hocker 586, Shirley Stmgiev 5/4, 
Mona Alonzo 573, Shannon Mellene 57o, 561. (Eight men over 6oo series, 35 women over 53o series). 
HERM AN N SONS: 
M ary Bold* 558. Mildred 
Stone 534, Johnny Pappas 619, Edna Reed 535, 
Ray Lindsey 245-591, Bob Kirchhoft 596, Lonnie 
Mansoia 591, Reed 523. 

OAK H ILLS: Bill Borellis 627, Lorry Grona 627, 
Al Trevino 626, Elmer Krause 612, Ron Marsh 611. 
Jerry Johnson 636, Morqie Schwethelm 62o. Linda 
Po* 6o7, Virqnio Clifton 6o3, Carolyn Eartlev 587 
(Nine men 6oo or over series; 32 women over 53o series). 

SAN PED R O : 
Jeanne Sthaak ( A J B C ) 593, 
Mary Houri 554, Tom Hampton 279-759, Pot Dickey 
278 7o3, Ben Rqmirez 655, Juon leon 637, Bdl 
Holland 62o, Bob Perez 618, Joe Bernstein 616, 
Fred Cqpps 615. o2 men 6oo or over series). Ron 
Smith (Sr. citizen) 57o. The house otters Ladies 
Red Head Pm Sweepers Tuesday ai I p.m. 
SPORTS PA LA C E: 
Ronnie Hulme 7o8, Doug 
Pruitt 7o4, Steve Muns 691, Nark WaldreD 664, 
John Glende 647, Cindv Johnson 563, Jonelle 
Amberson 56o, Flo Tolle 55o, Joan Paradowski 549, 
Donnq Aboltin 544, Patty Wampler 544. (ll men over 6oo series; ti women over 55o series). A 
Junior Adult League is being formed for 6 p.m. 
Fridays, there are openings for men in a 6 p m. 
Wednesday League, and mixed leagues are form­ ing — coll 349-4548 tor further information. 
SOUTHSIDE: 
Myrt Dewily 642, JoAnn Noska 
623, Eunice Balmos 6o2, Fqy Milligan 599. Susie 
Ortiz 59o, John Miller 647, John Cardwell 64o, 

George Cook 615, Wes Merck 612. Speed Spouse 
612. (17 women over 53o series; eight men over 
6oo series) 
The first meeting for the WATA-175 will be held at the Coart Southwest meeting room 
Aug. 4 at 7 p.m. The Columbia 3oo Ladies League will start their summer league on June 14. coll 
922 7625 for further information 
T U R N ER : 
Davis Mcigtord 61o, Gilbert Katt 567. 
Buddy Ahr 554. 576, Marty Martinez 554, Mary 
Klabunde 52o, Debbie Hinton 5o8. 
WONDER,: 
Biti Tomczyk 596, Karen Seeraw 
596, Cindv Johnson 595, Debbie Hall 595, Hettye 
Schreefer 593, Pat Sheehv 589, Katherine Rvter 
574, Judy Burkhardt 566, Ruby Parris 565, Randy 
West 64o. 

Heddleston hired 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NtWS 

DALLAS - The Dallas Cowboys hired George Heddleston as assistant public relations director, it was an­ nounced Saturday. 
The 29-yeur-old Heddleston served four years as director of public rela­ tions and sports information director at Capital University in Columbus, 
Ohio prior to being named to the 
Cowboy staff. 
Heddleston is a native of East Li­ verpool. Ohio and a graduate of Mount 
Union College. 

Intent letters returned by NMSU coach 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LAS CRUCES, N.M. (AP) - New Mexico 
State University basketball Coach Ken 
Hayes said Saturday the school won t process national letters of intent signed by 
Marshall, Tex., prepsters Roshern Amie and Anthony Burns. 

After signing the letters, the players said they did not realize the import of the letters, and said they didn't want to attend NMSU. 
A player who signs a national letter of intent 

 cannot compete at another major college for two years. 
Hayes said the decision not to process the letters will allow Roshern ami Amie to go where they wish without penalty, 
‘We know that our recruiting of these young men has always been straightforward and in good faith," said Hayes. "The players were both excited about signing aud attending New Mexico State Since that time something happened and they decided they did not want to attend NMSU, 

'In keeping with our policy, if a young man does not wish to attend NMSU. we don't want him,” 

H 

PUBLIC NOTICE 

THE CAMINO REAL HEALTH SYSTEMS AGEN­ 
CY, INC. HAS ADOPTED POLICIES AND PRO­ 
CEDURES WHEREBY ANY MEMBER OF THE 
PUBLIC MAY INSPECT, FREE OF CHARGE, OR 
MAY 
RECEIVE, 
AT 
REASONABLE 
COST, 
COPIES OF ANY RECORDS OR DATA OF THE 
AGENCY. A FREE COPY OF THE POLICIES 
AND A FREE COPY OF THE CURRENT INDEX 
OF THE AGENCY’S RECORDS AND DATA 
CAN BE OBTAINED FROM: 

HEADQUARTERS OFFICE 
Executive “K " Center, 
Suite 31o 
1o17 North M ain Avenue 
San Antonio, Texas 78213 
(512) 2 2 5 -4 4 2 6 

SATELLITE OFFICE 

P. O. Sox 1445 

(19o6 Avenue “F”) 
Del Rio, Texas 7884o 

(512) 7 7 5-7 92 3 

Y i 

Grab ch Tiger („4 ) the Tail! 

Famous Uniroyal Tiger Paws are now available at the 
LOWEST PRICES EVER! Just in time for summer traveling! 

TM 
POLYESTER BIAS PLY 

BLACKW ALL 
• 78 Series Design 
SIZE 
PRICE 
F.E.T. 
C 7 8 -1 4 
4 / *86.oo 
$2.o1 
E 7 8-1 4 
4 / ‘9o.oo nn 
F 7 8 -1 4 
4/»9d.dd 
$1737 j G 7 8 -1 4 
4 / M o 2 .o6 $2-53 
H 7 8 "I 4 
G 7 8 -1 S 
3 7 *1 o 4 OO 
4 /‘168.66 
$2 .73 
$ 2 ,59 
H 78 -T 5 
47TlT 6T 6 6 
$ 2 .7 9 

A78-13 Blackwall tubeless plus $1.72 F.E.T. and tire off your car. 

All prices plus F I T. and tire off your cor 

*178-15 Whitewall Only 

(Prices listed for Blackwall only— Whitewall $3.oo additional per tire.) 

P IC K - A - P A IR O F 

FOR A WIDE RIDE 

Uniroyal Announces 
THE 
NEW 
L 

Start Riding Royally on the radial crowned with 
2 wide steel belts and our boldest* most aggressive 
Tiger Paw tread plus: 

S 

Tw o Polyosier Body Pilot. 

Nylon Cap Ply (most iuzes) 

WHITEWALL 

7 7 bR/B 13 whitewall! tubeless, plus 

$2.o6 F.E.T. and 

 tire off your car. 

 mmmmm v a a n n i B A I i i ! ! 
™ l O K R r N i V 
I 

H 
H 
7 o Sari** 
Raised white letters 

2 F o R $5 8 Jt 

TIGER PRW I 

^ 
■ e o s s 
Series I 
Raised white letters] 

'I 

I 

SIZE 
I 
PRICE 
DR 78 14 
$59.77 
ER/8-J4 .....| 
$61.77 
FR78-14 
’ 
$65.77 
GR78-14 
$48.77 
GR 7o-lb 
I 
$7o.77 
HR7B-14 
HR78-15 
$73.77 
$75.77 
JR78-15 
$7)7,77 
LR78-15 
$81.77 

All turn plus 1 1 depending un tut t lion ii It tp S3 44 end Int pf! your im 

A7o-13 wtvt« wa!! tubeless 2 F o R $6 6 
ABO-13 whit* ye ak I rubato as 

SIZE 
. 
PRICE 
PEJ..,.. 
D7o-14 
2 FOR *62.77 
$2.26 
E7o-14 
2 FOR $66.77 
$2.47 

F7o- 14 
2 FOR $72.77 
$2.61 
F 7o- 15 ' 
2 FOR 72.77 
52 77 J 
G7o-14 
2 FOR 76.77 
$2.78 
G7CP16 
2 FOR 78.77 
$2.84 

H7o-14 
2 FOR 82.77 
$3.o4 

H7o-15 
..2 FOR $84.77... 
$3.o8 

SIZE 
PRICE 
F.E.T. 
I 
F6o14 
2 FOR 82.77 
$2.82 
F6o-15 
2 FOR 84.77 
$2.93 
G6o-14 
2 FOR 88.77 
$3,39 
I 
GOO-16 
2 FOR 9o.77 
H6o-14 
2 FOR 94.77 
$3.o7 

H6o-15 
2 FOR 98.77 
L6G-15 
2 FOR 1o6.77 
_ $3.7o 

FREE! 8-Bottle Carton of RC COLA 

ROYAL CROWN COLAS 

T O T 

 r 

Price* shown available at Mezzetti Tire* yoof in(^ej!tenflent dealer for his prier 

 lezzetti Tire 
Com pany 
6239 San Pedro 342-9521 
(NORTHSIDE) 

Sagebiels 
Court & Travis 379-1151 

(SEGUIN) 

Buck’s Halter 
Tiro Cantor 
6o1 Ne Alamo 225-3291 
(DOWNTOWN) 

 imann- w illiam s 
Tiro 
171o Austin Hwy. at Eisenhower 
824-2413 
(NORTHEAST)____ 
Keller Tiro 
Northside 
8719 Broadway 828-5747 
(I blk North of loop 41o) 

Schneider??!? 
A Auto 
226o S.WW White Rd. 
333-93o1 
(SOUTHEAST) 

N o purchase n ecessary.* 
Just visit your local 
U niroyal Tire D e ale r during the R oyal Tiger P a w Sale and he’ll present you w ith a certificate good for an 
8-bottle carton of delicious 
Royal Crown Cola! 
•To our f»r»t 1,ooo victor*. 
(AH location* Inclusive) 

Gonzales Tiro 
M uffler 
2623 Culebra Rd. 432-851 I 
(WIST) 

6 RACK 

RC COIA 
F R E E ! 

 w ith purchase a f an y 

U N IR O Y A L 
ROYAL 
TIGER PA W 
•*Hti .It.,im Mo, ll Mi I. It ZI 

 cemnr 
Soo details at special display 

Art’s Atlas 
6945 West Military Dr. 

673*1o3o 
(SOUTHWEST) i ii 
Earl W heeler Tire 
Service 
43o2 Broadway 
826-1572 (ALAMO HEIGHTS) 

Arts Atlas 
335o Fredericksburg 
736-4516 
(NORTHWEST) 

Hi-Gear, Inc. 
644o No. Expwy (IH IO) 

(BALCONES HEIGHTS) 736-2856. 

Keller Tire 
Com pany 
4oo S. Flores 226-41 I I 
(DOWNTOWN) 

WmWmm 

Boats head offshore at Port Aransas to fish for a variety of summer season species 

 m m m rnm m m m m m m m m iH H price of $151) for two people with $2o extra for additional persons up to six. lee. bait and tackle extra. 
W oody's Boat Basin. 749-5252, aver­ ages $175 for two. additional charges for additional passengers up to m axi­ m um of six 
P o rt 
A ra n sa s 
B o a tm a n , 
Inc.. 
749-5512, prices com parable with other charters, depending on size of boat. 
B illie & Gene’s Bait Stand on the 
Port Aransas causeway charters the 
28-foot Good Tim e C h arlie for G ulf fishing for $135 per day for two people, 
$2o for additional fisherm en, m axi­ mum of six Phone 758-2632. 
Padre Isles, Corpus Christi, 853-2oo1, charters the Hot Tam ale for Gulf trips, m axim um six. $5oo. 
A new 49-passenger jetty boat makes hourly runs to the north jetty from 
Fish erm an’s Wharf. T rips start at 6:3o 

 a.m. and run at 7, 8, 9, IO, ll a.rn, 12 noon, I. 2, 4 and 6 p.m. Hound trip prices are $4. Price for children under 
IO is $2. 
Laguna Madre 
Leroy Johnson of Flour Bluff runs night fishing parties to m arker 2o5 at the Land Cut in Laguna M adre for $125 for I to 5 persons. Additional fisher­ men cost $25 per person. 
The price includes round-trip boat transportation, cabin, linens, cooking and eating utensils and use of a lighted pier. Ile leaves IL A .IL M arina at the end of Laguna Shores Road at 2 p.m. each day, returning the m iddle of the following morning. For reservations, call 937-3o91. 
A couple of guides operate out of ll A P. Marina. 937-o1o3, for trout and reds in the bay and Lagu na Madre. 

Slim Hanna fishes only on weekends. 
His price is $6o for one to two persons for half a day. D oug's Guide Service offers trips each day. Check for prices at the marina. 
B .G .’s M arina, 937-1611, on the in­ tracoastal canal has four boats for bay, laguna and G ulf charter. P rice s for bay and laguna fishing are: $75 for two persons for five hours. Each additional person, $25. Each additional hour. $2o. 
Gulf fishing: $15o for two people for six hours, $25 for each extra person and 
$25 for each extra hour. 
Fort Mansfield 

Bay, G u lf and night fish in g are available at M ansfield. F ive guides w ork out of M a y ’s T ack le Box. 
944-234o. Gulf trips are $2oo for I to 6 passengers and, in a sm aller boat, $125 for I to 3 fishermen. 

T im e s & fi«l«kK 

June 5 
Lo 12: 52 a m 
OI 
8:2oa.m . 
Lo 
— 
Hi 
— 

T I D E S 
Port A r a n s a s 
June 6 
Lo 
4 42 o rn. 
Hi 
9:o8 a m. 
LO 
— 
Hi 
6:o1 p.m. 

June 5 
L o 12:3/ a rn 
Hi IO 2o a rn. 
Lo 
2:3o p.rn 
Hi 
7:38 D.til 

Port Isabel 
June 6 
Lo 
1: 29 a rn. 
Hi 11 :o3 a.rn. 
Lo 
3: 33 p rn. 
Hi 
9:o1 p m . 

June S 
R ise 6: J4 a m 
Set 8 31 p m 

S U N R I S E S U N S E T 
June 6 
R 'se 6 33 a rn. 
Set 8: 32 p.rn 

M O O N R I S E M O O N S E T 
June 5 
June 6 
R ise ll o9p.m. 
R,se 11:51 p.m. 
Sc) v .ti a.m 
Set IO :43 a.m. 

M O O N P H A S E S 
New moon June 16 f irst quarter: June 24 
Full moon: July I 
Lost quarter: July 8 

Bay fishing is $75 for I to 4, plus $15 for each additional fisherman. 
Two night fishing piers, both in the north part of R ed fish B ay near the 
Land Cut, are available through M a y ’s. 
One pier for private parties, bunks for six. costs $7o per night. The other pier, which is for make-up parties, has eight bunks and costs $9 per person. 
Round-trip boat transportation to the piers is $6o, I to 4 persons, $75 for five and $9o for six. Fish erm en m ay use their own boats for transportation after renting the piers through M a y ’s. 
Red Dog Charter Service, 944-22o2, has a night fishing barge in the east 
(Gulf) cut for a m inim um of five and a m axim um of eight fishermen, $18 per person. Price includes transportation. 
Red D og also offers G u lf fishing, 
$15o for m axim um of four fishermen. 
T a n k ’s Speck Rig, 944-2212, offers night fishing in the east cut, private parties only, for $2o per person, m ini­ mum of five persons. The rig can ac­ com m odate 6 to 7 fisherm en at one time. 
Fort Isabel 

Following are Gulf and bay guides at 
Port Isabel: 
Vere W ells, bay, 943-2855. $7o for two, $1o each additional. Junior Wells, 
Gulf. 943-2855, $1oo. I to 4. 
C ap tain W ile y ’s, bay and G ulf, 
943-2412, $7o for two, five hours, bay, plus $1o each additional person; or $125 for half a day in the Gulf or $25o for a full day, m axim um six persons. 
Captain M urphy, snapper only, 25 passengers, $3o per person for the near ban ks, $4o per person for the far banks, phone 943-2764. 
Jim C hilian. J im 's Pier, 943-2865, two boats, 2o passengers per boat, bay fishing. Two trips per day, $6 per per­ son. tackle $1.5o extra. 
Dale Stockton, 943-1621, snapper, m axim um 25 passengers. 
O ther gu id e s: 
G e o rge 
C olley, 
943-2623, bay; Ed Keller, 943-1628, bay; 
Brvan Ray, Gulf or bay, 943-63o1; Ray 
Brady. Gulf. 943-2187; Bob W illiam s, 
Gulf. 943-23oo; and Bill Shattuck, Gulf. 
943-1713. 
Average prices at Port Isabel-South 
Padre are: Bay, $7o for two persons, and G ulf, $15o for five hours for a m axim um of six persons. 

JOE CARMACK 
JIM WRIGHT i 
^Athletic Club 
4731 Rittim an Rd. 
I BLK EAST OF IH 35 NORTH 
656-1 241 

Thank You San Antonio 
For Your Support 
HELP CELEBRATE OUR I ST 
ANNIVERSARY 

2 FOR I MEMBERSHIPS AVAILABLE 

CALL OR VISIT US TODAY 
J 

*1,2oo 
IN PRIZES 

THE CULLUM & BOREN f 
BIS SASS! 
CONTEST! 

, 

A P R IL 17 T H R O U G H J U N E 3o,1977 
ENTER TODAY! 

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY! 

Pick up a copy of the official rules and register at Cullum & Boren Sporting Goods. 

Ciliium & BORSA 
NoRTHSTAR MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 

C&6 CHARGE. MASTER CHARGE. BANKAMERICARD, 

AM ERICAN EXPRESS or LAYAWAY 

Our Ambassador's Club gives you the royal treatment. 
OPEN HOUSE 
SATURDAY JUNE 11,1 977 

Guides, charters listed for five coastal ports 

— LIMITED OFFER — 
Featuring 
“Nautilus” E q u ip m e n t 

OPEN 6 D AYS A WEEK 

MON.-FR!. 6:3o P.M.-9 P.M. 
P J L # * 11 I V " E F d ? 
SATURDAY 8:3o A.M.-6 P.M. t A Cl LI I 112* 
INDOOR TRACK 
STEAM ROOM 
FINISH SAUNA 
BICYCLES 
WHIRLPOOL 
T.V. AREA 

4731 RITTIMAN 
656-1241 
656-1242 

All for only $ 2 1 .o o.* 

Your special royal treatment includes: 
• Unlimited H appy Hour Cocktails 
• Spec ial Full Am erican Breakfast 
• Free Airport Pick-up 
• Priority Reservations at The Castilian 
Tow er...our unique nightclub 
• Golf & Tennis / guaranteed reservation available 
• Free Transportation to & from 
International Bridge 
• Big Com fortable Deluxe Room 
• G ood Anv D ay of the W eek 
• IM M E D IA T E RESERVATIO N C O N ­ 
F IR M A T IO N T H R U H ILTO N 
RESERVATIO N SERVICE 
‘ Bdle per person, las and gratuities nut included. For reservations call a so r H IL T O N 
RESER V A T IO N SE R V IC E (312) 223-9191. 
LAREDO 
HILTON INN 

O n e South M a in Avenue/Laredo, Texas 
78o4o/(512) 7 2 2 -2 4 H 

The su m m er fishing season is under way along the Texas Gulf 
Coast. It is a season when populations of coastal towns swell from the invasion of fishermen. 
It is a season which financially makes or breaks many fishing guides. F ro m now through Labor Day most guides on the coast will earn most of their annual income unless they have out-of­ season jobs. 
In im effort to provide fishermen with information on boats and guides available along a major portion of the coast, the E xp ress-News has compiled the follow big list. 
We h aw attempted to include rates and phone num bers of all bay and Gulf charter boats available this sum m er from Port O'Connor to Port Isabel. 
We apologize in advance for those we might have missed. All phone num bers are area code 512, 
Fort O’Connor 

★ 
★ 
★ 
S lo r v . p h o to s by I h i ie l i l « k|»|Mkr 

★ ★ 
★ 

Gulf and bay guides are available out of C a p t's F ish in g Center. These in ­ clude the Swinger Charter Service for 
Gulf trolling and M u rray’s Guide Ser­ vice for the bay. 
To make reservations with Swinger, call Les Nelson, 983-2965 or 983-2769. 
Hates: $2oo for eight hours, I to 4 fishermen. M urray Muston offers back bay guiding service for $6o a day lot- two fishermen. Phone 983-2885. 
Several boats operate out of the Port 
O 'C o n n o r F is h in g Center, phone 
983-2751. F o r ling, kingfish, snapper and dolphin in the Gulf. rates are $2oo for I to 4 persons. $4o each additional person; for sailfish. $25o m inim um ; for marlin. $3oo m inimum. 
Bay service is $75, I to 3 persons, $15 each additional person, m axim um six. 
Del G irard. 983-2283; John Barnes, 
983-2766; and Jim Overton, 983-2293, offer bay gu id e service. G ira rd charges $6o for two and $1o for each additional, m axim um of six. Barnes charges $2o per person, m inim um of 
$6o. $2o for each additional, m axim um six He specializes i i i wade fishing. 
Overton charges $6o for two, $1o for additional persons, maximum four. 
Rockport arca 

Two bay party boats are available, the M a ry Loll, 729-5818, and th e 
Whooping Crane, 729-2341. The M ary 
Loa will take a m axim um of 2o, the 
Whooping ('rant*. 5o. Prices are $9 and 
$7. respectively. 
Most of the charter boats operate out of Sea Gun M arina, 729-2341. Rates depend on da> of the week and area fished. Weekday rates an* $2o an hour, m inim um five hours. Weekend rates are $25 an hour, m inim um five hours, I to 4 persons, $1o each additional with maximum of six. 
These rates apply to nearby bay reels For Mesquite Bay. St. Charles 
Bav or Copalm Bay, add $1o to overall charter price: for Cedar Bayou. San 
Antonio Bav or south Aransas Bay, add 
$15; for Panther Heel. north San A n ­ tonio Bay, add $2o. 
Beginning June 15 boats from Sea 
Gun will charter for Gulf trips at $25o for I to 4 persons, $15 each additional, maximum -ax 
Other charters i i i the Rockport-Ful- ton-Lamar arca include Wayne L in d ­ sey. 729-2685; J. C. Aria. 729-6262; and 
Hay Lytle. 729-6642 Prices comparable to Sea Gun 
Corpus Christi 

Berthed at the Peoples Street T-Heud are five bay party boats. They are: 
Captain Clark. 884-4369. m axim um 
9o passengers. $6 for adults. $3 for children up to IO years of age. lour- hoor trips. 
Sally I). 884-4369. m axim um 39, $6 adults. $3 children lip to IO. four-lmur trips. 
Star Trek, 883-5o31. m aximum 85, $5 for adults. $2.5o for children up to IO. four-hour trips. 
Buccaneer, 884-1365. m axim um 85. 
$5 adults. $2 for children up to 111. four-hour trips. 
Miss Edna. 882-9722. m axim um 25, 
S6 for adults. $2 for children, four-hour trips. 
Fort Aransas 

Six party boats are berthed at Port 
Aransas on M ustang Island. They are. 
Tin* 
D o lp h in . 
D o lp h in 
D o cks, 

749-6624, m axim um 35 passengers, six and four-hour trips. $14 per person 8 a.in to 2 p.in., $11 per person 4 to 8 p.m. Prices include bait, rod and reel. 
The Pelican, Sports Center. 749-6358, m axim um 16, eight-hour trips. F o r kingfishing. private parties, $4o per person: mixed (m ake-up) parties, $3o per person. For snapper, m aximum IO persons, $5o per person. 
W h arf Cat. F is h e r m a n 's W harf, 
749-576o, m aximum 119. $1o per person for four-hour trip, tackle rental. $3. 
Scat Cat. Fisherm an’s Wharf, m axi­ mum 99, 12-hour red snapper trips. $35 per person w ith $5 tackle rental; eight-hour k in g fis h trip s M onday- 
Wednesday-Friduy, $2o per person. $5 tackle rental. 
M a rlin Queen I, Deep Sea H ead­ quarters, 749-5597. m axim um IOO pas­ sengers. $1o per person, inclu ding tackle, for four-hour trips. 
M arlin Queen II. Deep Sea Head­ quarters. m axim um 25 fishermen, $25 per person, in clu d in g tackle, eight- hour trips. 
Charters 

Many charter boats are available for fishing the Gulf out of Port Aransas. 
Contacts and prices are: 
Sports Center, boats priced by size, ranging from $119.95 to $275 for two people, with additional charges for ex­ tra fishermen up to a m axim um of six. 
Prices include bait, ice and tackle. 
F ish e rm e n ’s W h a rf, bouts also priced by size, ran ging from $126 to 
$226 for two people, with additional charge of $33 per person up to a m axi­ mum of six. Prices include bait, ice and tackle. 
Deep Sea H e adqu arte rs, average 

Outdoors 

Page JO-S 
June 5 I 9 7 7 

S.A. romps to 6-1 win 

Marshall 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NFWS— Sunday June 5 1977 
AAU gymnastic champ crowned 

ASSOCIATED m s s 

ROGERS, Ark, - The first- 

 place all around winners in the 
1977 National AAV Elite Gym­ nastics ( hamonship Satturday were Stephanie Willini of M.G. 
Gymnastics Club in Silver 
Springs. Md., with 75.ti”) and 
Koji Saito of Toledo, Ohio, who scored 1(17. IU. 

The competition was held at the 
Ichiban Sports Center. 
Second place in the women's com­ petition was taken by Heidi I hlhoni <>l 
Keno. New, who scored 72.XU. Debbie 
Fuhnnan of Philadelphia. Pa., took 

 t h i r d place i i i the women’s competition with 72.75. 
The men s all round second place went to Gene Whelan of New York, 
.VY., He scored 1o5,5(1. ’third place was taken In Scott Evans OI Ames, biwa, with 1oo o5 
The women's first place team was 

P hladelphia Freedom, from Philadel­ phia. Pa 
The men's first place team was New 
York Athletic Club, from N, N.Y. 
Blues sought 

ST LOUIS (A P) - A hospital build- ing 11rm is negotiating to buy the financially-ailing St. Louis Blues and 
The Arena, the firm’s president ack­ nowledged Saturday. 
Fred Kuihmcr. president of the Ho­ spital Building and Equipment Co., said Ins firm could withstand the financial stress of owning the Blues of the National Hockey League and The 
A tvn a. rite St Louis-based company builds hospitals all over the country and also operates several hotels 
"W e’ve made our offer," Hummer said. " If s up to the others to decide what course of action they want to take. But if it (the sale) happens, ifs got to start coming together within three days,” 

 losing pitcher Rod Scurry, then Leon­ ard blasted his two-run . homer on a 
3-2 pitch to give the Dodgers a 4-o ad­ vantage after three inning. All the 
Dodger runs were unearned. 
In the seventh. Rogers and Fisehetti hit back-to-back singles off reliever 
Ray Price. Both runners advanced on a wild pitch, then Ftogers scored from third base on Smith’s fly to deep right 
Farr greeted the Captains’ third pitcher Randy Brandt with his blow to lead off the eighth inning. 
The Dodgers had another opportuni­ ty to score when Charlie M eyers stroked a one-out triple to right in the fourth inning. Scurry induced Slocum to ground out weakly to first and Webb to pop out to end the inning. 
Scurry, who had trouble getting out 
Dorian 
Slocum, who had trouble getting out 
Dorian Boyiand, had plenty of support from third baseman Webb, Rogers, second baseman Meyers, and first ba­ seman Smith, who turned in three splendid double plays between them. 
Boyiand accounted for three of 
Shreveports’ total hits. Slocum, him­ self, preserved his shutout when he iatehed on to former Jay star Jim m y 
Kidder’s liner for the game’s final out with runners at third and first. 

S H R E V E P O R T <o) 
Son Antonio (6) 
AB R H Bl 
AB 
R H Bl 
Busby It 
3 o 1o 
Webb 3b 
4 1o o 
Nr mn ss 
4 o 1o 
Roars ss 
5 2 3 o 
Bvlnd lb 
1o 3 o 
F senti if 
4 o 2 1 
Diknw 3b 
3 o o o 
Smth lb 
1 1 o 1 

Rrirqz rf 
3 U I o 
Lord rf 
4 1 1 2 

Lttln ct 
4 o o o 
Farr c 
3 1 1 1 
Kl kl' ?b 
I o I o 
Grrsn cf 
4 o 1o 
O' tiz c 
3 o o o 
M eyers 2 b 
2 o 1o 
S c 'rv O 
1o o o 
Sloan a 
3 o o o 
Plza ab 
I o o o 
Totals 
3o 6 o 5 

Price O 
o o o o 
Hvc tph 
1o 1o 
Brin!! b 
o o 
o 
o 

Totals 
31 o 8 o 

Shreveport 
OOO 
OOO 
OOO-o 
Son Antonio 
1o3 
OOO 
Ilx - 6 

E — Dicikonow D P —Shreveport I. Son Antonio 3. 
L O B —Shreveport 7. Son Antonio B. 2B —Rogers. 
3B -M eyers. HR -Leonard (21 F a rr (8) S F —Smith. 
S B —Fisehetti, Garrison, 

IP 
H 
R 
E R 
B B 
SC 

Scurry (I) 
5 
5 
4 
1 
3 
5 
Price 
2 
3 
1 
1 
1 
3 
Brandt 
1 
1 
1 
1 
2 
o 
Slocum (w.3-2) v 
8 
o 
o 
3 
9 
H P B —M eyers (B v S c u rry). W P — S c u rry, P rice. 
ART FISCHETTI of Dodgers beats throw to third Saturday night p h o t o b y h .m d e a n , j r . 

• TAUGHT BT NBA 
SA 
PLAYERS ANO COACHES 

• INSTRUCTIONAL 
BASKE I BAU 

• COMPETITION ANO 
GAMES 

• AGES 818 
BASKETBALL C 

■ 

C O B Y D IE T R IC K 
(Thud & Fourth Week) 

1977 CALENDAR 

Arrive June S— Deport June l l ((HIED) 

Arrive June 12— Depart June 18 

Arrive June 19— Depart June 25 

Arrive June 26— Depart July 2 

Arrive July 3— Depart July 9 

Arrive July IO — Depart July 16 

ENROLL NOW FOR 
SECOND AND THIRD WEEK 

• OAT (AMPER 
• RESIDENT (AMPER 
• GREAT ME AIS 
• AIRCONDITIONED 
ROOMS 
• SWIMMING 
• WRIT! OR (AEE TOR 
COMPUTE 
IHE oRMA1 ION 

P.O. BOX 53o SAN ANTONIO, TCX 78292 512-224-4611 

(Second 8 Third Week) 

By HARRY PAGE 

C f IHE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

Doug Slocum fired a nifty 

 eight-hitter, and Jeff Leonard and Ted Farr both smacked home runs as San Antonio blanked Shreveport, 6-o, before 
I 284 fans Saturday night at 
Keefe Field. 

Slocum, bouyed by three ti me Iv double pla, walked three and struck out nine in going the distance. 
Leonard cracked a towering two-run homer — his second of the year —• over the left Centerfield bar­ rier in the third in­ ning. and Farr — the 
Dodgers’ leading four-bagger specialist 
— blasted a tremen­ dous solo home run in the eighth. The blow was F a r r ’s eighth jac kpot of the season. p » p i’ 
I he real star, how­ ever, was shortstop 
Randy Rogers. The 2(l-yoar-old Texar­ kana native, who had just gotten off the bus from Albuquerque at 12:3o p.m. 
Saturday, stroked a double and two singles in bis first local appearance. 
Rogers replaced Run Washington, who was sent to the Albuquerque Dukes. 
Rogers got off on the good foot by doubling in his first at-bat in the bot­ tom of the first inning. Art Fisehetti promptly sent Rogers home with a single to left to give San Antonio a I-Ii advantage. 

I ii the third inning. Man Webb was safe on an error when third baseman 
Pail! Djakonow couldn't handle his hot shot. Rogers reached first on a bunt single. On the play, the alert Webb, seeing Djakonow off the bag fielding 
Rogers’ bunt, out-raced the Captain player to third base. Webb scored the second run on Fisehetti grounded into a double play. 
Cleo Smith, however, drew a walk off 

 tum bles 

Continued from Page IS nothing but try to outrace .Morris to the bag. Morris won the race for an infield single that scored Mar­ tinez with the winning run. 
Willis fanned Gary Aguayo but walked Alonzo 
Smith to load the bases. 
Elroy McHenry put down a perfect squeeze bunt nu a full-eount pitch for a single that plated Garrett with the final run. 
Delgado, who beat Marshall 3-1 Friday and had come on in the fifth, got the last three hitters in the 
Marshall lineup 1-2-3 in the seventh. 
Terry Salazar hit a two-run homer in the first and 
Ruiz a two-run single in the second for Marshall’s first lour runs. 
Ruiz led off the game with a walk but Manwaring forced him while trying to sacrifice. 
Salazar then cradled a waist-high fastball over the left-field fence for hie eighth home run of the season. 
It was his fourth in eight playoff games and the second night iii a row he connected iii his first time at the* plate. 
The Marshall star wound up with IX homers for his career, best of any San Antonio high school player in the 197os. 
In the second, Steve Tietze got an infield hit and when Rick Eaves bunted, Stroman third baseman 
Smith fumbled the ball. Both runners moved up on a double steal. 
Ruiz then hit a soft liner into short right to score his two teammates and give Marshall a short-lived 
14-3 lead. 
Stroman went ahead with three runs in its hall ol the first on singles by each of the first four batters — 
Martinez, Garrett, Morris and Aguayo. 
The Raiders knotted the count again in the second on Preston Tucker’s triple and a fielder'hoice. 
Marshall left IO runners on base, squandering a great opportunity in the third when the Rams loaded the bases with no one out. 
Stroman had runners on second and third with no one out in the fifth but W illis got out of that jam when the Raiders missed a squeeze. 
Stroman will play Fort W urth Southwest (3o-9) iii the state playoffs. 

ST RO M A N 7, M A R S H A L L 5 

Marshall 
OOI o — 5 
7 
3 
S h oman 
-UC oo3 * — 7 
IO 
J 

W illis and F ra n u e n 
M o rris, D eiqado (5) and R eye s 
W 
- 
Oeigado ( U U 
L - Willtz (13 2) h r - M arshall, Terry Salazar 

( 8 ) 
Whitworth sets sights on jackpot 

ASOCIATED PRESS 

NORTH M YRTLE BEACH, S. C. - Based 

 on recent performance, Kathy Whitworth, this year's leading money earner and pressing to take over as the winningest woman pro golfer of all time, is going to be hard to stop in the $15o,ooo LPGA national championship tournament. 

But the 37-year-old Texan, bidding for her fourth 
LPGA title, will have to get by 1o4 other top lady pros also seeking the winner’s $22,5o9 prize. The competition includes others in the top IO who are not far behind Miss Whitworth’s $66,99o in take home pay from 19 tournaments this year. 
W rig h t 
Also in the field will be Mickey Wright, another member of the LPGA Hall of Fame, who has S3 tournament victories. Miss Whitworth is just two short of tying that record. 
The 72-hole tournament begins Thursday over Bay 
Tree Plantation’s 6,399-yard, par-72, George Fazio- designed layout. The entry list of 195 will be cut to the low 69 Friday after the first 36 holes. The final rounds Saturday and Sunday will be nationally televised (N BO . 

‘ ‘I have to tie-up over 
$1oo,ooo a year for remodeling. 
When A lamo Savings told me there’s a way to earn interest on that money — you bet I was interested! ’9 

Biti Ochse 
Owner: 
St. Anthony Hotel 
“ Keeping a hotel in first class condition is a continuing process. 
Furniture has to be replaced, entire floors needed repainting, carpet­ ing needs to be cleaned, and the behind-the- scenes activities such as kitchen, air conditioning, and other mechanical services need constant maintenance. 
“ Our old hotel charm requires a lot of modern technology and that requires a lot of money. 
“ And then, when I learned about Alamo 

Savings Telephone 
Transfer and that I could earn 5 lA% a year and have quick access to these funds, of course, I was interested. Alamo 
Savings Telephone 
Transfer helps in keeping our hotel as charming as yesterday and as new as tomorrow. 
“ Telephone Transfer is a new concept that makes good ‘old­ fashioned’ business sense.’* 

 ammo sflvinGs ossocioTion 

 g r a < £ > corporate cxrirznzj 

Headquarters: 

 clVofS 9o1 N.E. Loop4lo 

L 

Yes! I want to open a Telephone Transfer account at Alamo Savings for extra earning power! 
□ Please call for an appointment. 
□ Please send me the appropriate forms, and I will return them with a check for $1,ooo or more. 
(You may also open a Telephone Transfer account now by sending your check for $ 1,ooo or more for immediate earnings; we will send you the forms by return mail.) 

Name (Please Print), 

Name of Business. 

Street Address___ 

City. 
State 
Zip 

Telephone. 
Extension 

For information on 
Telephone Transfer, call 828-7171 

Eight Convenient Branches: 
3326 Fredericksburg Rd. 782o1 - (512) 732-9911 
I IOO Goliad Road 78223 - (512) 532-6378 
6o21 Broadway, Alamo Heights 782o9 - (512) 826-6363 
161 East Commerce 782o5 - (512) 227-7336 
6o9 S.W Military Drive 78221 - (512) 924-92o1 
1o2oo San Pedro Avenue 78216 - (512) 341-3327 
9o1 N.E. Loop4 IO 782o9 - (512) 828-7171 
9633 EH. IO West 7823o - (512) 69o-1621 

Poge 12 S 

 r n o 

So n Antonio E X P R E SS N E W S — 
Su n d ay June 5 1 9 7 7 

: \ " N 

 t 

 r n r *J 
X 

SAVE MORE MONEY WITH 
THESE SUPER SPECIALS^ 

Ericas flood in Son Antonio and Universal City thro Juno I, 1977. 

Mio roto rot tho right to limit quantities. Nona sold to daalan. 
E ach of th ese advertised ite m s is required to tie readily avail 

 able tor sa le at or below the ad ve rtised price in each store e ic e p t a s sp e cifically noted rn this ad 

CO* 

S I O I R A I 
SOO D CO U PO N 

We Welcome 
Federal Food 
Stamp Customers 

June is 
Dairy 
Month 

Enjoy All 

Texas Dairy 

Products 

Farmer Jones 

No. I Quality 
Sliced 
Bacon 

 lean, Boneless 
Stew 
Beef 

 lb. 

^ m m 
Breast or Leg, G rade A 
$149 Fryer 
BOC 
Quarters u>. W 
W 

 lb. $j28 

Sw ift's Cornish 
Game u 
2o-oz. 
Hens size $|31 

Fresh 
Yellow 
Squash 

Prem ium Baker 
Russet 
Potatoes 
29c 
4 S1 

M edium Size 
Yellow 
Onions 

California Sunkist 
Navel 
Oranges 

 lh. 25c 
3 S1 

 r n 

VALUABLE COUPON 
SAVE 25* 

When you buy one ( I) I O-Ct. Glas 
Disposable liner 
Trash Bags 

With this coupon. 
Coupon expires June ll, 1977. 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 25° 
When you buy one (1) 13.5- 

 oz. Cannister Potato Chips 
Pringles 

With this coupon. 
^ 
Coupon expires June 11, 1977. 
S m m m w sw m j m w 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 3o* 

When you buy one (1) 2-Lb. 

Can Maxwell House 
Coffee 

With this coupon. 
X~ ? 
'~~T& t) 
Coupon expires June 11, 1977. 
(C& 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 25c 

When you buy three (3) 8-Ct. Pkgs. 

Piggly W iggly Hamburger or 
Hot Dog Buns 

With this coupon, j 
Coupon expires June ll, 1977. 

K a 

-> I 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 2oc 

When you buy one (1) 24-oz. 

Btl. Mouthwash 
Scope 

With this coupon. 
Coupon expires June ll, 1977. 

& 

Nabisco Crackers 
Ritz 

12 Oz. 

Pkg. 77c 

Arm & Hammer 
Laundry 
Detergent 

7o Oz. 

Box 
9C 

3 Lb. 

Ctn. 

Roegelein 
Pure 
Lard 
99c. 

All Varieties, Frozen 
Patio 
Dinners 

13 Oz. 

Pkg. 49? 

San Antonio fxpress-News— -Sunday, June 5, 1977 Fag* 1-X 

Shpp hM < 
, u i * neighbors first 
Hilt! *nc%V*t $ n \i\st 

39o3 ’Harrington 

Exclusive Northeast Section 

I, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments 

Adult and Family Sections 

’ 
Handball Courts 

....... 3 Tennis fnurts 

653-53oo 

S ta rfw m f to B a r r in g to n 
Ar r ig h t tiro W o rk s 

 has ‘parcourse’ on site 

OAKS OF MARYMONT APARTMENTS enhanced by nature 
Marymont units 

 said ‘classics’ 

 in prestige area 

The Oaks of Marymont is a uniquely designed apartm ent complex in the oak-covered hills of northeastern San Anton­ io. 
F eaturing beautiful apartm ents and a p a rt­ ment homes in the pres­ tigious Marymont area. 
The Oaks of Marymont forms a colorful com ­ munity offering both ele­ gance and privacy, each 
’achieved with IO differ­ ent floor plans in one- to four-bedroom units. 
Even studio apartments are available. 

Extraordinary 

Among extraordinary features of apartm ent homes at The Oaks of 
Marymont is the balcony featured with upstairs units that command magnificent views of the grouping’s scenic, tree- studded grounds. 
Accordingly, ground- level units boast patios as extras. 
Wise use of glass is re­ flected in the careful placement of windows to create an “open” atmos­ phere as just another of 

The Oaks of Marymont extras. 
Apartments here also are highlighted by de­ corator wallcoverings and color-coordinated kitchens with complete lines of top-flight ap­ pliances, each built in. 
The story of the apart ment community’s club house is one which, by it self, indicates all the na­ tural beauty surrounding 
The Oaks of Marymont. 
Amidst the many oak trees ubiquitous on the grouping’s grounds was a natural clearing. Today, in that same spot, stands the clubhouse for The 
Oaks of Marymont. Quite appropriately, it was named The Clearing. 
The spacious down­ stairs of The Clearing features a large, carpet­ ed lounge with a fire­ place for both relaxation and conversation. Game rooms are separated from the area. 
Upstairs in The Clear­ ing are two health spas with both exercise rooms and sauna baths. 
Nearby are two large sw im m ing pools su r­ rounded by large, 

 landscaped areas to complete the recreation­ al facilities of The Clear­ ing. One of the pools is for the grouping’s “open area” to be comprised of family, single and adult units. 
A full-time profession­ al staff is retained to handle all the m anage­ ment and maintenance services at the Oaks of 
Marymont. 
Oaks of M arym ont, 
88oo S tarcrest Dr., is reached most easily by exiting from N.E. Loop 
41o onto Starcrest Drive and proceeding north. 

A big attractio n at 
Hound Tree Apartments, 
11444 Vance Jackson Rd., is the first E uropean 
“ Parcourse” in the city. 
The P arco u rse is a 
Swiss idea. I t’s like a playground for adults in that it is a physical fit­ ness course biased on a jogging and walking cir­ cuit. At various stations along the way, signs de­ scribe a specific light exercise and recommend par as the num ber of reptitions to try at var­ ious fitness levels. The 
Parcourse allows young and old, even the entire family, to exercise to­ gether — all at their own paces. 
Other extras 
Although Round Tree offers the only Parcourse in town, the feature is popular in Zurich and other Swiss towns; San 
F rancisco, 
P o rtlan d , 
Honolulu and San Diego. 
Many of the Round Tree residents indeed enjoy the opportunity of walk­ ing, jogging and doing easy exercises for a mile or two. 
Other extras at Round 
Tree include tennis courts, swimming pool, volleyball courts, frisbee round nine and the Great 
Outdoors. 
A real extra is the beautiful wooded envir­ onment 
Round 
Tree owners have preserved. 
Another extra is that 
Round Tree is close to the medical center, just a few m inutes from the 
UTSA campus and less than 2o from downtown. 
Round Tree offers a variety of com fortable one-, two- and three-be- droom apartm ents and townhouses with a selec­ tion of seven floor plans. 
All living and dining 

 areas are open and spacious. Other comforts include plush carpeting, large closets, d ish­ washers, private patios and balconies and con­ venient laundry faci­ lities. Special sections for families and adults are another attraction, along with the excellent schools and nearby shopping ar­ eas. 
Round Tree offers the luxury of country living and the convenience of being close to nature. 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

MEDICAL 

5 9 o 3 D an n y K a y e 
CENTER 
6 
APARTMENTS 

6 9 o 8 2 2 6 

C O N V E N I E N T T O M E D I C A L C E N T E R 

$1 5 5 - S 3 2 5 

A ll T y p e s & S t y le s 
2 Pools, 2 Tennis 
Cou rts, Club H o u s e 

C LASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

A Great Experience In Living 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

 i 
JI* 

PERFECT 
FOR 
SHARING 

2 Bedroom Flat with 
Washer 
& Dryer! 

If you have never known the utmost in beautiful living, we have a rare treat fo r you. Treat your eyes to all the charm, comfort and spaciousness to be found in these lovely apartments. 

Enjoy All o f this: 

• 1,2, 3 Bedrooms 

• Imported Spanish furniture 
• Washer & dryer connections 

• Membership to Turtle Creek 
Country Club available 

• All elect. Kitchens 

• Ceiling to floor 

 mirrored closet doors 
COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

863 o FAIRHAVEN DRIVE 

Office 
Hours: 
MON.-SAT. 9*5:3o 
SUN. 1-5:3o 
696-7o48 

Round Tree apartment 

- E T - El Mirador 
656-o188 
A p A R TM EN TS 

T 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LA S SIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LA S SIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLAY 

 err*66 

APARTMENTS 

A beautiful landscaped 

Adult an d Family Community 

Spacious I, 2 and 3 Bedrooms 

2 bedroom 2 bath 
1,1 OO Sq. Ft. 

 mm 
9525 Lorene 
344-9888 

THE 
PIER 
HARRY 
I WURZBACH 

BROADWAY 

AIRPORT 

LA 
PALOMA 

TERRACE 
SAN PEDRO 

Country Living 

 in the City 

O ne Bedroom Plus A Bonus Room 
E PALOMA 

The Perfect Adult Community 

1, 2, 3 and 4 Bedrooms 

1946 N.E. Loop 41o 
826-2355 

From 

*88881 mIi 

The People You Can Live With 

LA PALOMA one of three Life projects 

Three lifestyles shown by ‘Life’ 

Life Investors has three lifestyles full of leisure which are presented this weekend at that many distinctively different apartment projects in north­ ern San Antonio. 
The highlighted apartment communities are La 
Paloma Apartments, 1o2 W. Rampart St. in north central San Antonio; Terrace Apartments, 9525 Lo­ rene St., also in north central San Antonio; and The 
Pier Apartments, 1946 N E. Loop 41o in northeastern 
San Antonio. 
Translates as ‘dove’ 

La Paloma, which translates from Spanish as “ the dove,” is aptly named because peace and quiet are wonderfully enhanced by its Spanish architecture. 
Blooming shrubbery, immaculate grounds, flower beds, courtyards and, of course, an atmosphere of serenity and seclusion are major parts of La 
Paloma, oriented to adult lifestyles. 
This project is one of very few where a four-bed­ room floor plan can be found. La Paloma does in no way exaggerate, then, when it calls its units apart­ ment homes. 
Other plans at La Paloma include three different sizes of one-bedroom apartments, four different two bedroom plans, townhouse styles and three-bed­ room plan with large living area and two baths. 
Convenience and comfort create a colorful atmos­ phere of easy living and relaxation at the Terrace 
Apartments. Available either furnished or unfur­ nished, the Terrace offers spacious floor plans in attractive designs of one, two or three bedrooms. 
Completely coordinated, fully equipped kitchens meet all demands for color and easy living inside the 
Terrace apartment homes. Easy living and relaxa­ tion also is assured by two large swimming pools and two private party rooms featuring fireplaces, bars and sun bathing decks. 
Convenience is offered in the forms of private carports for all Terrace residents and complete laundry facilities on the apartment grounds. 
The Pier features an unusual Japanese garden setting, even “ waterscaped,” and an especially friendly atmosphere. Ponds, streams, weeping wil­ lows and even ducks comprise the striking setting for The Pier. This project appeals mainly to singles and professionals in their 2os. 
An Olympic size pool, party pavilion with fire pit, sundeck and cabana make up just some of the fun of living at The Pier. Adjacent to the property are volleyball and tennis courts. 
Apartment features here include appliances to match color schemes, accent walls, dens with fire­ places in some, beamed cathedral ceilings, contin­ uous clean ovens, self-defrost refrigerators, washer-dryer connections, wet* bars and penthouse levels. 
Life Investors is famous for its lifestyles so diver­ sified among its various projects. The firm invites apartment hunters to visit each this weekend and promises a unique “ experience” for each visitor 

New Conn-Sherrod units opening 

 liut uukMiUtkidil tit u ti ai,«, *, uUli- rf 

University Apartments, a new Conn-Sherrod 
Inc. project located at I 58oo Chase Hill Dr. across from the main entrance to the 
University of Texas at San Antonio, will hold its first opening this weekend. The 

,4 "IMttukdm1 
J.M.J J.L.I apartments, of course, are ideal for UTSA students or staffers and those who simply want to enjoy the Texas Hill Country as a good place to live. 

This weekend new apartments will open at two different Conn-Sherrod Inc. projects located in different parts of the San Antonio area. 
Highlighting the openings will be the first showing of the firm ’s University Apart­ ments, 158oo Chase Hill Dr. in the actual Hill 
Country almost adjacent to the UTSA campus. 
Peaceful, relaxing 

University Apartments are planned as un­ its ideally suited to the needs and desires of those either attending or working for the 
University of Texas at San Antonio. At the same time, it, as a whole, is meant for those who want the peaceful, relaxing and quiet atmosphere of Hill Country living. 
Although the apartments opening here this weekend are really less than half the entire project will offer in the near future, they represent the all of the quality common to 
University Apartments. 
There is a wide selection available among four different sizes of University Apart­ ments. The one-bedroom unit is given two 

 different sizes, and there are the two-bed­ room, one-bath and two-bedroom, two-bath sizes as well All are built as single-level units. 
Such a selection also means a wide range of rental rates, beginning with as little as 
$199 monthly for a one-bedroom apartment completely furnished; only $174 monthly, unfurnished. The monthly rental rate in­ cludes the costs of all utilities as well. 
University Apartments has 112 units for its opening this weekend. Eventually, 12o more will be added to the project’s premises, which encompass a whole lot more, too. 
On the premises of University Apartments are two tennis courts well lighted at nights; three large swimming pools; three club­ houses with carpeting, bars and equipped kitchens; and three laundry facilities. 
The apartments themselves offer numer­ ous extras. They include carpeting through­ out, ample closet space and all-electric kit­ chens with ranges, vent hoods, ovens, dish­ washers and disposers. 
Set in the most rustic, greenest area pos­ sible, University Apartments are near more 

 than the campus for which they are named. 
USAA, the South Texas Medical Center, numerous shopping facilities, entertainment centers and other major destination points are within easy driving distances from the project. 

University Apartments are most easily reached by exiting from N.W. IU IO to N.W. 
EM 16o4 (Charles W. Anderson Loop) and driving west to Chase Hill Road directly across from the main entrance to the UTSA campus. 

Woodbury Place 

The other opening for Conn-Sherrod this weekend will be at Woodbury Place in northeastern San Antonio, where the firm has added 29 units to the prestigious address at 2834 Woodbury Dr. off Nacogdoches Road. 

As well, the firm provided another swim­ ming pool for Woodbury Place residents to bring a total of three, each equally accessible from one of three quadrants in the project’s 

 attractive arrangement. 
Among its new apartments, Woodbury 
Place introduces the single-level, two-bed­ room and two-bath unit as a different of­ fering. The plan joins the one-bedroom, one-bath; one-bedroom, 1^-bath with loft; an d two-bedroom townhouse styles with or without a fireplace. 

Exteriors feature brick and stucco accents of rough cedar. Interiors continue the black, brown and white color schemes in luxurious shag carpeting. Each also features an an­ electric kitchen, walk-in closets and privacy-fenced courtyard. 

A clubhouse and laundry facilities also are provided on the Woodbury Place premises. 
The project is within the North East School 
District and near numerous shopping malls, downtown and Randolph and Brooks AFBs. 
Fort Sam Houston, then, would be close, too. 

W'oodbury Place is reached most easily by exiting off N.E. Loop 41o to Nacogdoches 
Road and proceeding north to Woodbury, where a west turn leads to the apartments. 

Woodbury Place, 2834 Woodbury Dr. off 
Nacogdoches Road in northeastern San 
Antonio, offers Tudor-style apartm ents recently added by Conn-Sherrod Inc. The project, now with a total of 81 units in all, 

 features a wide variety of floor plans and ample am enities for the exclusive en ­ joyment of its residents who have easy access to a number of major destination points. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED 
DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED 
™ »PIA Y 

^ o <> 

? \ * c e 
UNIVERSITY 
Apartments 

• 

AY 

 v\ o o A' ' o o 
^ 
Ayis 

VHace 

A LL U ILITIES 

P A ID 

$ 5 o D eposit 

C lub House 

Laundry Room 

Full-Time Security G u a rd 

I 5 M in. from Dow ntow n via 
Expressw ay, 

Convenient to Randolph, Brooks and 
Ft. Sam . 

N e a r m ajor Shopping Centers. 

/ktiuciiuliiiliiUiililU.aU>tliUhuuiulUi. ii 

Unfurnished-Furn. 

I Bedroom 

1 Bedroom (Loft) 

2 Bedroom (Townhouse) 

2 Bedroom (Town-Fireplace) 

29 Beautiful New Units! 

2834 Woodbury Lane 

824-8621 

Managed by Mr. & Mrs. Hodges - 

....... ...... ....... 

WOODBURY H 
£ 
WOODBURY 
XQ 
Oo 
O 
O u< z 
\ jit fv e r S liy 
A V Vs- 

All Utilities 
Paid 

One bedroom efficiency 
One bedroom 
Two bedroom one bath 
Two bedroom two bath 
Carpet throughout 

All electric kitchens; dishwasher-disposer 

N .W . IH IO to N .W . FM ’ 
o4 (Charles W . Anderson 

Loop) to Chase Hill Rd. Across from UTSA campus. 
. . 

 ujiHii j. j J i J iii ll. J J'Inn! 

Tw o lighted tennis courts 

Three large sw im m ing pools 

Three clubhouses 

Three Laundry facilities 

CONN, SHERROD & CO., INC. 
COMMERCIAL * MOUSTRtAL DEVELOPERS 

158oo Chasehill 
569 -822o 
IF NO ANSWER 

7 3 6 - 1 5 5 1 

Sternal j n M a o n m 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ 

‘Built around a patio’ 
L’Atriums boast unusual apartments 

Spacious apartment 
I,’Atriums of Cinnamon homes of contemporary 
Creek, 
9214 
Dartbrook styling, each in a quiet 
Dr. and exclusive setting, are 
No L ’Atrium resident 

 lives either above or below another. Each atrium or patio is screened with a six-foot 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

J its . 

For 
All the Lives 
You Live. 

7626 Callaghan Road / 349-1217 

NOB 
1, 2, 3 bedrooms. 
HILL 
W asher/dryer connections. 

APARTMENTS professional management by Brentwood Properties. 

 qts oup extras that make us qiifepent. 

Our beautiful one, two and three bedroom apartments and studios give you a variety of floor plans to choose from. And they all feature such luxuries as: 

• European parcourse track for running, jogging and exercise • Tennis courts 
> • Volleyball courts • Nearby schools and shopping areas • Swimming pool 
• Spacious closets • Large living and dining areas • Plush carpeting • Dishwashers 
• Private patios and balconies • Convenient laundry facilities • Special adult and family sections • Close to UT-SA campus • Only a few minutes away from the medical center • Beautiful wooded areas 

Round Tree offers you the luxury of country living and the convenience of living only 15 minutes from downtown 
San Antonio. So, come out today and see for yourself how nice it is to get close to nature without leaving the city. 
One of our seven different floor plans is right for you. 
Rents start as low as 

$ 15o. 

I 1 4 4 4 Vance Jackson • Phone 6 9 o -1 8 7 3 
PGC 
A P A R T M E N T S ^ 

 privacy fence, and, as added touches of privacy, there are doorbells on both the front gates and front doors. 

G la s s w a lls 
Sliding glass walls provide the ultimate in views by opening to the enclosed patio in the liv­ ing area for an extra dimension of space and accent on the indoor-out­ door living style of 
L ’Atriums. 
Eight different plans are offered among these apartments. All have in­ dividually controlled heat and air condition­ ing; shag carpeting; and assigned, covered park­ ing space. Amenities for all residents here include a large swimming pool on the tree-shaded premises. 
The location of L ’A ­ triums, just north of the intersection of Freder­ icksburg and Hamilton- 
Wolfe Roads, is almost directly across the street from 
USAA headquarters and close to the South Texas Medical 
Center, other major medical facilities and even the UTSA campus. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

115 Northwest Loop 41o 
ACROSS FROM NORTH STAR JULL 

49o9 Woodstone Drive 
69o-17oo/Open daily 'til dusk. 

“SununerAction” atVlfoodHiU 

We hardly know where to start. Bike. Jog. Picnic. Softball. Tennis. 
League play. Lessons (by our resident pro, free, of course). Water volleyball. Swimming. Making friends. It's like an adult version of your favorite summer camp as a kid. Only. you set the pace. Enjoy as many or as few of our amenities and activities as you like. And if your idea of summer fun is perfecting a poolside tan. that’s great. 

Because Woodhill is the quiet times, too. Soft, southern nights. Roomy, private floorplans from one to 3 bedrooms, flats and studios. Priced right. 
Separate adult and family sections. Located one minute from 1-1o. Three to neighborhood shopping. 
Thirty from Medina and Canyon Lakes. 

We’ll see you where the action is — Woodhill. 
WOOD ■ 
APARTMENTS 

W oo dhill Apartm ents, 
4 9 o 9 Woodstone Dr. just east of N.W . IH IO and north of its Huebner Road exit, has attracted many of the creative people who work at UTSA, U SA A and the South Texas M e ­ dical Center, each very close to the project. 
L 

CLASSIFIED DISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

Park Village 
Is 
For 
Lovers! 

IF YOU LOVE: 
Spacious garden apartments • Private patios 
North East schools 
• 
Pools & Party rooms 
Paid utilities 
• 
Furnished or Unfurnished 

THEN PARK VILLAGE IS FOR YOU! 
1-Bedroom from $155! 

I * ® ! 

Windsor Park i 
I 5 
Mall 
I “ 
■ Eisenhauerl 
35 $ 
PARK 
| 
1 a v i l l a g e 
I apartments 

Nature adorns 
Woodhill 
Apartments 

Surrounded by native oak trees, 
Woodhill 
Apartments offer its re­ sidents the seclusion of country living yet are right off the expressway and quick access to the city. 
Not far from USAA and 
UTSA, Woodhill A part­ ments are located at 49o9 
Woodstone Dr., a truly gracious address just off 
N. W. IH IO north of its 
Huebner Road exit. 
Unspoiled 

On the top and side of a quiet, wooded hill for r which the project is nam ed, Woodhili p ro ­ vides those who live there with a beautiful, unspoiled view of gently rolling hillsides. 
A rustic, contemporary redwood exterior and bright, cheerful interiors give the community a most appealing appear­ ance. 
At Woodhill, separate areas are provided for adults and families. 
Swimming pool, bicy­ cle area and tennis courts are located in a setting which resembles a park. The recreational facilities are more than ample for both families and adults. What’s more, a beautiful clubhouse is now completed and is available to residents. 
Woodhill’s Phase II is designed for young adults, with a one - be­ droom flat or studio and a two - bedroom flat as the plans offered. Each unit features a choice of color schemes, all - elec­ tric kitchen with butcher block counters, large walk - in closets, storage and p antries and en­ closed patios. 
Woodhill’s Phase I section is a perfect en­ vironment for growing families, with a choice of nine floor plans from one, two and three be­ drooms and all utilities paid. Fireplaces, dens, 

 washer - dryer connec- 
However quiet and ra­ tions, private patios, moved it may seem , breakfast areas, loads of 
Woodhill is just a minute storage and closet space from N.W. Ill IO and are available. shopping, entertainment. 

 the South Texas Medical 
Center, UTSA, USAA and 
Kelly and 
Lackland 
AFBs. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

APARTMENT 
MEANT FOR 
SHARING 

Identically sized bed­ rooms make this two- bedroom, townhouse-style apartment perfect for sha­ ring! Each has a large walk-in closet and full bath. 

The kitchen is spacious and by a walk-in utility room with washer-dryer connections. 

You’ll find the dining and living areas comfortable and the atrium an asset for parties, cookouts, or private sunbathing. 

L’Atriums are secluded from the rush of town by an area of native oaks that form a setting perfect for its large swimming pool. 

WE START WITH A PATIO ANH 

o3 a 

ONE, TWO, and THREE BEDROOMS 
£ 

UNFURNISHED. ALL BILLS PAID. 
© e : 
2 

L’ATRIUMS OF 
/KINNAMON, t S g 
R E 
^ ° 

9214 HAU LBROOK DR. 696-o146 

. c l a s s if ie d d is p l a y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 
ALL | 
BILLS 
PAID 
PHASE ' 
III 
684o 
PECAN VALLEY OR. 

PHONE 337-8741 

W 
* <• 
•Le 
(yin Iii | 

Featuring: centro/ 
Air 

Cond. • A ll Elect. A p p lia n ce s • 

M O 
Carpet Floors • Laundry R o o m • 
ALLEY DR* 
J & 2 B e d ro o m A lso 2 B e d ro o m 
137-8741 
T ow nhouses 

Utilities Paid 
Security Service 
• Resident M a n a g er 
• Sw im m ing Pool 
■ ] 
C O N N ,SH E R R O D ACO.,INC. 
• Club House 

COMMERCIAL & INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPERS * Tennis Courts 
% 

SPACIOUS 2-3 BEDROOM APARTMENTS 
AND 
TOWNHOMES 
• Washer, Dryer Connections 
• Separate Family and 
• The Clearing Recreation 
Adult Areas 
Club and Health Spa 
• Northeast School District 
THC CMK Of MdRYMONT 
88oo STARCREST DRIVE 
653-618o 

Sales of Gary pools increase in S.A. area 

The ap a rtm en t and hom e sw im m in g pool g r a ­ dually is emerging as the answer for many families in the San Antonio area to the question of houshold recreation, even in this period of energy crises, according to Leif Zars„ president of Gary Pools Inc., 
Ill N.E. Uxip 41o. 
There are obvious reasons, Zars feeds: “ A pool is located within walking distance; it burns neither oil nor gasoline; it consumes very little energy — about as much as an ordinary household refrigerator; and, in the case of a home owner, it’s a one-time invest­ ment available on long-term financing.” 
Also, it’s a pretty good substitute for air condi­ tioning for the purpose of keeping cool. 
Pool sales are rising across the country, Zars points out, and this is especially true in the Gary sales area. Gary has long been the leading builder of pools approved by the National S w im m ing Pool 
Institute in this part of the country. 
“ Part of the sales increase results from the im­ provement in the economy,” Zars {jointed out. “ But builders report signs that buyers are looking ahead to the possibility that travel will bt; curtailed due to the energy crunch.” 
Zars also believes that a swing to sm aller cars will leave home owners with more discretionary income for recreation purposes, such as pools. 
Zars also emphasized that the two-speed motor used in all Gary pools cuts electrical consumption by 

75 per cent yet cleans the w ater effectively. An additional advantage to ap artm en t dw ellers and home pool owners is that this low-speed motor cuts noise by 6o per cent, Zars said. 
“ F urtherm ore,” Zars added, “ the swimming pool industry is taking keen interest in a recently un ­ veiled “ controlled to rqu e” motor developed by a 
California electronics engineer that reportedly saves 
2o per cent of power. 
“ Mass production of this motor is still some tim e off, but it’s an indication of how the pool industry is ever alert to methods that will conserve energy.” 

Bill Joyner, Gary vice president, said recent su r­ veys show th a t pool u se rs can ach ie v e a net reduction in overall energy consumption by follow­ ing instructions issued by Gary. For instance, he points out, most apartm ent dwellers and owners of home pools dislike returning from the pool to enter a cool room . H ence, by s h u ttin g off th e a ir conditioning before going to the pool, an appreciable savings in energy is realized. 

Finally, both executives predict, with recreational and vacation travel likely to become increasingly restricted because of the higher costs of gasoline, many families in apartm ents and private homes will think a pool looks like a better bet than sitting in front of a television set with the air conditioner running. 
GARY POOLS INC. enjoys big increase in sales this year 

CLASSIFIED D ISM AY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Cl a ssif ie d d is p l a y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

• Apre-engineered structure—virtually unyielding to the ravages of time; especially in San Antonios expansive soil. 

• Beautiful tile, coping, and decks—built together to stay together. 

• Water Purification Systems designed to insure that “extra” in water sanitation. 

• Recirculation Systems that operate at less than I /2 the cost of others. 

And San Antonio’s largest pool builder to back up the facts. 

Free Estimates and 1oo% Financing 
341-3331 

SAN ANTONIO - I I I N.E. Loop 41o 
AUSTIN — 1oo7 W, Anderson Lane 
DALLAS — 2424 Royal Lane 

San Antonio 

IT-i—PAGES 12&13 

 and SU ND AY M agazin e 
JUNE 5, 1977 
COOLING 
I ea-drinks 
FOR SUMMER-PAGE IO 

TONY CURTIS 
SAYS HIS 
LIFE WORTH LIVING 
PAGE 7 

JOAN CRAWFORD’S 
FRIENDS OUTRAGED 
BY SUICIDE RUMOR 
PAGE 4 

JACKIE BISSET’S 
UNDERWATER 
ORDEAL— PAGE 22 

LOSE WEIGHT 
WHILE YOU 
SLEEP— PAGES 8&9 

 ipnM -EKTcn 

Your 
Personal 
Lucky 
Num ber 

W inning 
Num bers 
Mon.-Fri. 

■ W I . ct t 
PAO! 2 
THI SAN ANTONIO STAR — June 5, 1977 
% 

DIET WORKSHOP 

 loll 
Lindauer 
International 
Director of the Diet Workshop 

DEAR LOIS: My will power is a failure. Some people can’t eat when they are nervous or shat­ tered. I must be an odd ball. 
That’s when I start to nibble and pick—even when I’m not hun­ gry. 
I diet for two weeks, become tired of it, and put the weight back on. I lost my husband in 
February, and I did lose some weight for a while, but now that 
I am lonesome and on my own, I am gaining. What should I do?— 
A.M., Ruffalo, New York. 
DEAR A.M.: If you’re an oddball then so are most of my closest friends. Welcome to the club. 
Many, many people nibble and pick when upset. Food is a relia­ ble pleasure, always there to comfort and sooth. 
I think a diet will help. Even more, I feel picking yourself up and getting back into a social rou­ tine will be of value. 
Try a church group and adult education course. Go out for something you’ve always wanted to try, but never have. When you are where you can’t nibble and pick, you won’t. 
An at-home lunch 

 iDEAR LOIS: Do you have a reci­ pe to give me a hot, delicious at- home lunch? I like to take a few minutes midday to treat myself nicely. When lunch cooks, I do a set of exercises.— 
Slimming down, Centreville, Md. 
DEAR 
SLIMMING 
DOWN: 
I have for you a recipe and my sin­ cere congratulations! 
ZUCCHINI 
CASSEROLE 
FOR LUNCH 
I. Zucchini, washed; 
I Egg, beaten, 
I Cup Mushrooms, fresh or canned; 
6 Ounces Tomato Juice, 
Pepper to Taste; 
Va Teaspoon Garlic Powder; 
Va Teaspoon Dried Parsley Flakes; 
I Teaspoon Dried Onion Flakes; 
I Teaspoon Dried Celery Flakes or Vz 
Cup Celery, chopped; 
I Ounce Part Skim Milk 
Mozzarella Cheese or Grated Parme­ san Cheese. 
CUT zucchini into cubes. In Pam sprayed fry' pan, cook with mush­ rooms until tender. Add beaten egg, scrambling it gently. Stir in tomato juice and the rest of the seasoning. Put in small Pam sprayed casserole. Top with I ounce part skim milk mozzarella cheese or grated 
Parmesan 
Cheese. Bake in 375 degree oven for 3o minutes. 
Serve with chicken bouillon, a slice of whole wheat bread, xk grapefruit and coffee or tea. 

 narcotics smuggling trade turns 

' UL,tf a* 
Illegal farming region into 
Drug Capital, USA 

By GEORGE GORDON 
THE RESIDENTS of Starr County, Tex. were struggling to ex­ ist just five years ago. Most of them were scratching out meag­ er livings in the seasonal migrant farm trade. 
But drug smuggling has changed all that. Today, many are living like corporate executives, flaunting their wealth on $1oo,ooo homes with swimming pools, driving huge limousines and taking regular trips to 
Miami and Acapulco. 
Officials estimate that $5oo million worth of marijuana, cocaine and heroin are smuggled across the Rio Grande into Starr County every year. The county has a sheriff’s department with 15 men. But last year they managed only 22 nar- cotics arrests—mostly among school kids who were caught smoking marijuana. 
Rio Grande City, the largest town in the county with a popula­ tion of 5,7oo, doesn’t have a police force. Residents like it that way. 
Prostitution, gambling and gun­ fire are rampant. 
Nine miles up the Rio Grande at Roma, a town of 2,2oo, police haven’t made a narcotics arrest in more than two years. 
Roma Police Chief Max Ha- becker, who took over the job four months ago, says he is cooperat­ ing with federal officials, though. 
They have stepped into the pic­ ture in a last-ditch effort to clean up the astonishing narcotics smuggling trade that has earned the area the title of Drug Capital, 
U.S.A. 
It is estimated that 7,ooo of the 
2o,ooo people living in Starr Coun­ ty make their living from dope. 
They smuggle it across the bor­ der in inner tubes, rafts and small boats. When the water is low, they hand carry it across under the watchful eye of $1oo-a-night armed guards. It even comes in by road—in spare tires and under truckloads of vegetables. 
“You think of a method and they have tried it,” said Herman 
Railey, a border patrol officer who was foreman of the grand jury which first brought the un­ derground activity to Tight. 
That probe sparked the federal 
Drug Enforcement Administra­ tion to organize a Starr County narcotics roundup called Opera­ tion Wishbone. 
In three days, agents arrested 
54 people and confiscated $1oo million in dope. 
A brief panic swept the county, but smuggling soon resumed. 
James Dairymple of the Texas 
Department of Public Safety said: 
“It would take an army to patrol the Starr County border effective­ ly and even then you couldn’t be 

Residents from to mansions in 5 

This is typical of the many shacks that abound in the Starr County area. 
Police Chief Max Habecker (right) and Officer Gilberto 
Ramirez stand outside the Roma Police Department. 

Sprawling haciendas have popped up all over the county, many built with profits from the drug trade. 
This one belongs to Jose Miralez, who’s been arrested for narcotics violations. 

 sure that the dope wasn’t getting through.” 
And one frustrated 
DEA agent told THE STAR: 
“Working here is like standing at the bottom of Niagara Falls with a bucket. 
“With a third of the population working against us and a large proportion of the rest disinterest­ ed, our efforts are often regarded as only an annoyance.” Law en­ forcement officials contend that 

13 
Mexican-American families are at the hub of the smuggling racket. They are disciplined and highly organized. 
The families own land on both sides of the border and in many cases own the fields where the marijuana is grown. 
Because families are tightly knit, drug agents have found it virtually impossible to infiltrate the organization. “They look after 
Housewife’s dilemma is a nightclub hit 

V 
' 
I 
Toby Handman: She’s made star out of suburban housewife. 

TOBY HANDMAN, an enterpris­ ing entertainer, has turned the frustrations of a suburban house­ wife into a hit nightclub act. 
She calls her routine 
The 
Square Roots of Toby Handman and tells in song, dance and pat­ ter about the longings and misad­ ventures of the trapped house­ wife. 
Toby spent 15 years in the sub­ urbs of New York City before con­ vincing her family to move down­ town. 
“It was a lonely existence in the 

 suburbs,” says Toby. “Not every­ body has the need to break out the way I did, but they all know what 
I’m talking about.” 
Toby’s act always gets a big ap­ plause from women. She was bom and raised in the Bronx, N.Y. and did her first entertaining on the steps of her apartment house. 
She was just breaking into show business when she met Steve 
Handman, a businessman. They were married a year later and she retired. 
When a daughter, Jody, was 

 bora, the family moved to West­ chester, N.Y. and Toby knew immediately it was a mistake. 
“ I looked around the street in the front of my house and there was nobody,” she says. “I said, 
‘People, where are you? 
But then she joined a local com­ munity theater and became the star of a series of musical come­ dies. 
That led to voice and acting les­ sons and then to some parts in off- 
Broadway plays and commer­ cials. 

 their own,” said Sam Ramos, a utility company officer. “ Mar­ riages are even arranged to keep the business going.” 
The wives of the drug smug­ glers, who just three years ago carried their children into the fields to work, now sport $18,ooo diamond rings and drive smart, new cars. During the week, they flock to nearby cities and go shop­ ping with two-inch thick wads of 
$1oo bills. 
Said one store owner: 
“I don’t know where their money comes from, but I would be mad to turn it down because somebody suspected it might come from drugs.” 
The drug smugglers, still refer to themselves as field laborers. 
But they no longer live in the shacks they did just a few years ago. Those shacks, in some cases have become garages, which sit behind new luxury homes with swimming pools. 
In the last year, there have been seven murders in Starr 
County. A DEA agent said all the victims “were either freelance operators or victims of internal discipline.” 

A x 

Psychiatrist reveals how to keep your marriage strong 

ALL MARRIAGES sooner or later suffer stresses and basic problems which, left un­ checked, can lead to divorce. 
How can you strengthen your marriage so it can stand the test of time? 
Dr. Claude Miller, a prominent psychiatrist who is also a supervisor of the Post Graduate Center for 
Mental Health in New York City frequently helps couples strengthen their marriages with the follow­ ing psychological guidelines. 
“ I usually tell my patients to recognize the fact that just being married in itself is difficult he says 
“ A lot of folks sort of feel that once you are mar­ ried you are home free. That is far from the truth. 
“Marriage is going to require just as much maintenance and upkeep as a house or car 
Once you recognize this, you will find yourself showing a greater awareness as to what is happening in the marriage, and greater sensitivity to problems as they come up. 
“Understand that your spouse will see some of your areas of ‘craziness’ that most of us have, some of your foibles — areas that normally others don’t see. 
“ As a result, you have to ‘prune’ up on your per­ sonality in marriage. This means looking at some things over the years that have been unnecessary to look at previously. 
“ Realize that your spouse has been exposed to many aspects of your personality over the years that others haven’t seen, and that you may be an active participant in the difficulties arising in the marriage. 
“ This will strengthen your marriage just by not putting the blame on your spouse. 
“ Before marriage you had plenty of time for talk­ ing, communicating your needs, your desires to each other. 
“Very often after a couple is married they need the time for work. They nave to make money to raise the kids. 
“ But a marriage needs communications. It needs both people talking — what’s right, what’s wrong, what can we do, what shouldn’t we do, how, when, where, why. . . 
“ Sex is also important. Statistically, happily mar­ ried couples have intercourse twice a week. If your performance is significantly below that, you’re headed for trouble. 
“ If there’s no sex whatsoever, don’t ignore it. 
Many people I see haven’t had sex at all in their marriage, others haven’t had sex in 12 years, and some have sex only on vacations. 
“ If both partners are not affected by these prob­ lems, then you can leave well enough alone. 
“ But if one is unsatisfied, then you have to get help. Start with your local doctor, if you can’t or don’t want to see a psychiatrist. 
“ If you have friends who are happily married af­ filiate with them, and emulate them. 
“ If you have friends who are breaking up, stay away from them. It’s contagious. 
“ Many fights and breakups come about as a re­ sult of inlaws — on both sides of the marriage. 
“ You have to realize that in a marriage the loyal­ ty is no longer to the parents hit to the partner. 
“ No one should many anybody with a view to­ wards changing them. Marry them with a view that they’re going to be the same. 
“ Love doesn’t change all. In fact it changes very little, and those things that annoyed you before, will only annoy you again in marriage.” 

Mobile hospital is for pets 

A CITY’S animal doctor or declaw a lion cub in is making house calls . his white van. 
. . in his mobile pet hos- 
“ Pets recover sooner pital. in their familiar sur- 
Dr. Galen Bird drives roundings, if for no oth- his white hospital van er reason than they can all over Kansas City, eat better,” Bird said. 
Mo., area, going right to 
His van is equipped the patients’ homes. with surgery ana anes- 
He can operate on a thesia supplies, an oxy- poodle, vaccinate a gen tank and a hydraul- great dane, neuter a cat ic examining table. 

TMI SAN ANTONIO STAR— A m * 5, I OTT 
PACH I 

At Ybur Service. 
Lifestyle. At 4oo1 North New Braunfels, the lifestyle is private, unhurried. Enhanced by services found only at the best luxury hotels and resorts. 
A uniformed doorman greets residents and their guests, assists with packages if needed, and escorts them to the lobby while their car is parked safely in the underground garage. Groundskeep- ing, maintenance and other domestic 
| chores are handled quietly and metic­ ulously by the full-time manager and 
| staff. Maid service, dinner reservations, | catering, secretarial assistance, tickets for the symphony, even flowers for 
I the table— all can be secured by a4oo1 

 phone call to the 4oo1 staff. When guests depart, a brief phone call will have their car ready and waiting when they arrive in the lobby. With the convenience of these ser­ vices, and the courtesy with which they are performed, the freedom our residents enjoy is virtually limitless. 
An uncompromising standard of 
I service is one reason for our success. 
Over 5o% of the tower residences are sold. One penthouse and only a doz­ en townhomes are still available. The opportunity to own one of these resi­ dences will never again present itself. 
There is, and will only be, one 4oo1. 
By appointment only, 628-6388. 

NORTH NEW BRAUNFELS 

WATERGATE SCANDAL COST 
TAXPAYERS AT LEAST $2oM 

Kidnap victim is too slow to run away 

POLICE may have a little trouble cracking the latest kid­ naping case — the victim is a turtle. 
Topsy, a pet tortoise belong­ ing to the Vincent Derham family of Berkshire, England, was snatched by a middle-aged man in a light blue car. 
The pet was sunning himself on the Derham’s front lawn when the kidnaping occurred. 
There has not been a ransom demand yet. 
But a police spokesman said: “We are con­ fident the 
Derham’s won’t have to shell out one.” 

 loon Crawford’s friends are over talk she may have killed herself 

Joan Fontaine: Upset at not being invited to the memorial service. 

By PHILIP FINN 

CLOSE friends of the late screen star Joan Crawford are out­ raged at the rumors which say she may have committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills. 
In addition, actress Joan Fontaine is bitter that she did not receive an invitation to the memorial service held for Miss Crawford in New 
York City. 
The suicide rumors began spreading shortly after Miss Crawford was found dead in her sumptuous Manhattan apartment May IO. 
“I don’t know how anyone can come out boldly and say that she end­ ed her life,” said Irving Mansfield, a close friend and husband to the late author Jacqueline Susann. 
Say, did you hear the one about... 

JUST what was it that 
Jackie Onassis said to 
Russian ballet star 
Mikhail Baryshnikov? 
Whatever it was, it clearly had superstar 
Baryshnikov near to tears with laughter. 

The former 
First 
Lady and Baryshnikov 
— known as Misha — were at a party follow­ ing the New York pre­ mier of his production of The Nutcracker for the 
American 
Ballet 
Theatre. 

Baryshnikov was for­ merly the lead dancer with the Kirov Ballet. 
He defected to Cana­ da in June 1974 while a guest performer with the Bolshoi Ballet. 

“ I know that toward the end there were times when she had become low and very tired. She suffered terribly from her back pains. 
“ But she was examined by a medical officer after her death, and I am sure that with someone so famous he would never have is­ sued a death certificate if there had been the slightest suspicion about the cause of death.” 
Michael Sean O’Shea, another of her closest friends, told THE 
STAR: “ If she had taken an over­ dose of sleeping pills, it would have been obvious to the medical examiner who looked at her eyes. 
He would never have given a cer­ tificate.” The medical examiner who examined 
Miss 
Crawford said she died of a heart attack. 
Her body was taken to a funeral home, where it was cremated and and placed in a gold casket in a vault on Long Island. 
Gossip columnist and author 
Doris Lilly was one of the first to speculate that 
Miss 
Crawford may have killed herself. 
Miss Lilly, who lived in the same apartment building as the dead screen star, said Miss Craw­ ford was lonely and hurt that her three children did not get in touch with her on Mother’s Day, two days before her body was found. 
The death also occurred on the anniversary of Miss Crawford’s moment of greatest happiness — her 1955 wedding to Pepsi Cola boss Alfred Steele. 
The memorial service for Miss 
Crawford was hastily organized by O’Shea, Earl Blackwell of Ce­ lebrity Service and Mike Berger, 

 outraged 

Joan Crawford: Medical examin­ er said she died of heart attack. 

 a Pepsi official. “There must be quite a few people who felt slight­ ed that they were not asked to the service,” said 
John 
Springer, 
Miss Crawford’s publicist. 

“ I assure you that if Miss 
Crawford had done the organiz­ ing, no one would have been for­ gotten.” 
Miss Fontaine told THE STAR: 
“ I felt very hurt indeed. We had been extremely good friends. I found her an extremely dear per­ son and I would have liked more than anything to have paid my last respects. 

“ I know there are a number of her other close friends who feel the same kind of hurt. It definite­ ly would not have happened by 
Miss Crawford’s design. 

“She was always so thoughtful in sending out things like birthday and Christmas cards.” 
O’Shea said he was sure that 
Miss Fontaine was invited to the service, though. 
“ I can remember the card going off to her,” he said. “All I can think is that it went astray in the mail. Of course Miss Craw­ ford would have wanted her at the service.” 
He said that he was with Miss 
Crawford right up to her death and he knows she was in good spirits. 
“ It’s true that her children did not visit her on Mother’s Day,” he said. “ But there was nothing un­ usual about that. They were all widely scattered. 

“Those who really knew her as 
I did, know that the stories of sui­ cide are monstrous.” 

 them $2o million, THE STAR has learned. But even that may be a conservative figure. 
Spokesmen at key government departments, involved in the investigation say an accurate figure may never be reached. 
A former Justice Department official said: 
“The calculation could keep a team of accountants in business for a year and they would still be way off in their figures. 
The closing of the Special Pros­ ecutor’s Office will probably co­ incide with the fifth anniversary of the break-in — on June 17,1972. 
Vast amounts were spent on sal­ aries for a staff that topped IOO at the peak of the investigation into the Watergate burglary, the bur­ glary at Daniel Ellsberg’s psy­ chiatrists. the cover-up and nearly & dozen ’-elated scandals. 

Hairdresser collects movie stars' old clothes 

CLOTHES won by some of 
Hollywood’s biggest stars are ending up in the home of a 
35-year-old hairdresser. 

Robert Modena, of East Haven, 
Conn., collects celebrity fashions. 
He has six gowns that were once worn by Elizabeth Taylor, shoes that belonged to Judy Garland 

 and a size nine hat that used to adorn the head of Greta Garbo. 
“ I started this hobby because I always wanted to own something from somebody famous,” Modena said. 
But in recent years he’s had a hard time expanding his valuable collection. 
“The people who have things 

 don’t want to give them up,” he said. “Besides that, they’re over­ priced.” 

Modena currently has 3o gowns, 
5o pairs of shoes and a boxful of hats that used to belong to Holly­ wood stars. 
The only men’s outfit in his col­ lection is the suit worn by Gene 
Kelly in the movie Deep In My 

Heart. Modena has six gowns that belonged to Elizabeth Taylor — including the one she wore in the movie Little Women. 
He said he doesn’t know the val­ ue of the collection. But some sources say it could run as high as six figures. 

The collection is often out on display at fashion shows. 

A HANDFUL of lawyers and sec­ retaries working for the Water­ gate Special Prosecutor are pre­ paring this week to quit their ten- room suite of offices in Washing­ ton. 
The end of their five-year inves­ tigation will come as a huge relief to U.S. taxpayers. For it has cost 

FOUR OF OUR OUTSTANDING FAMOUS MAKER 
SOUND 
VALUES 

Stereo, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 

ASK ABOUT OUR CONVENIENT MAJOR PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 

Save 295.oo! Pioneer sound system including six great sound components plus a handsome shelf unit all-in-one! 

75ooo 

Ii p u rc h ase d se p a ra te ly 1o45.oo. Get great-sounding components plus great-looking furniture and save! Set includes an SA-65oo integrated amplifier; TX-65oo AM/FM stereo tuner; 
PL-112 belt-drive turntable with cartridge; a CT-F2121 front- loading cassette tape deck with Dolby; a pair of Project I OO A three-way speaker systems; and a specially designed shelf unit to hold the components plus your records. Shelf unit has a walnut-grained vinyl finish, model CE-2. Stereos, Downtown, 
North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

 a s k Ab o u t o u r c o n v e n i e n t m a j o r p u r c h a s e b u d g e t p l a n ! 

Save 7o.oo! Zenith Allegro 
'The Wedge' sound system 

R eg. 469.95. Features Allegro Series III amplifier, AM-FM tuner, record chan­ ger, 8-track tape player, two on two speaker matrix and two Allegro speak­ ers. Model H596W. 
39995 

Lloyd's compact stereo system with 8-track player/recorder 

Includes AM-FM receiver 8-track tape player/recorder, BSR 3-speed auto­ matic turntable with dust cover and two bass reflex speakers. Model R-938-94. 139®5 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO TIL 9! 
JOSHES 

A UNIT o r ALLIED STORES 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

 flunked oranges 

WHEN my sister was only four- years-old, my mother was trying to teach her to add and subtract. 
She said: “ Linda, if I had two ap­ ples and someone gave me two more apples how many apples would I have?” Linda'answered: 
“ Four.” 
Then my mom said: “ Well, suppose I had four oranges and I took away two oranges. How many oranges are left?” 
Linda answered: “I don’t know, 
Mommy, I only know how to do it with apples.” —Pam Patinha, 
Union, N.J. 

No show 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 his bed. When I discovered it, he asked me: “Would you please not tell my mommy?” 
I said I wouldn’t say anything, but she might notice his wet clothes. 
He looked thoughtful for a mo­ ment, then said: “Can mommies hear when you’re at your grand­ ma’s house?” —Nancy Stine, Nor­ man, Okla. 

 came up a i weekends. When an acquaintance asked her what her daddy looked like, she replied: 
“He’s got long legs, short arms and a smiling face.” —Mrs. Mil­ ton Gemeiner, Bego Park, N.Y. 

Yes, I’m not 

MY five-year-old grandson was talking to me on the phone about something he did and I said, 
“You’re kidding,” and he an­ swered. “ Yes, I’m not.” —Ethel 
Trowse, Glendale, Calif. 
WHEN my grandson asked me for a cookie as they were leaving, his father immediately told him it was too close to dinner, he’d spoil his appetite and not eat his vege­ tables, he’d get crumbs in the car, there would be no place to wash his sticky fingers, and to just wai* and he could have a cookie a" he had had his dinner at hoi. 
With a puzzled look on his far. he asked: “Does that mean ‘no’' 
—Flo Proctor, Elkhorn, Wise. 

Ear here? 

MY three-year-old grandson, spending the night with us, wet 

Feet feat 

WHILE my three-year-old niece was visiting one day, I remarked how pretty her shoes were. 
“Yes,” she agreed. 
Then, witH a little frown, she added: “B can’t wear them much lorn 
* ’se they aren’t growin- ny feet are.” 
—Nam ) uiifeus, Santa Bar­ bara, Calif. 

Description 
, 

MY three-vear-old daughter and I were va* oning in the country one sum. r and her daddy only 

Green mood 

 jight-year-old son was wear­ ing one of I 

PLEASE PRAY FOR .. 

 iv brother inking alco- 

»id before he 

MY DAD . . . who just lost his three youngest childre ll, my sisters, 7 and 6) to foster homes, that he will stoj hoi so he can get them back. —Debbie, Mass. 
MYSELF . that I can forgive and love Johnny as I was unfaithful. — L.C. Miami, Fla. 
MYSELF . .. that A.S. in Massachusetts will answer my prayer and af­ ter all these years come back and we’ll be happy as we once were. — 
SLD., Conn. 
MY DAVE . . . who I love and is hurting himself terribly with hard drugs. — D.L.M., N.J. 
MY NINE-YEAR-OLD GRANDSON . . . because his mother neglects him and he has resorted to stealing, that his relatives pick him up and 
♦ try to straighten him out. — Name Withheld, Ariz. 
AND all the Star readers who asked for prayers. 

MY ei„ those mood rings and was amazed at the different col­ ors it changed to. He wore it faithfully for about four days. He finally took it off and noticed his finger had turned green where the ring had been. 
He exclaimed: “Mom, look at my finger. I think some of mood rubbed off.” —Suzanne DiLoren- zo, West Covina, Calif. 

Branching out 

MY little boy drew super plans for a tree house that he wanted to build. After I had complimented him on his “ blueprints” complete with air vents, he sighed and said, 
“ITI probably never find the right tree.” — Mrs. Mo Cleveland, Syr­ acuse, N.Y. 

FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 

OVER to you, ladies. Do photos of next year’s cars fascinate or bore you - and why? Tell us. $5 for each letter published. Write: NEW 
CARS, The San Antonio 
Star, 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas. 
7829? 

SPICE UP your summer in this daring swimsuit by Sea Fashions of 
California. Called the Beach Haven, it’s a Second Skin maillot with open sides. Ifs available in misses and junior sizes in black, gold, tur­ quoise and red. The swimsuit is 87 percent nylon and 13 percent Lycra spandex and sells nationwide for about $18. 

My sister passed apples, but 

I WAS delighted to read Bar­ bara C artland’s article on why her heroines are virgins. 
She has been my favorite au­ thor ever since I first read her. I just can’t get enough of her. 
She takes me out of the hum­ drum world I live in, and makes me feel romance and love live on 
— if only in the imagination. 
My sister at 36, younger than me, thinks I’m soft. She’s an avid fan of Rosemary Rogers and Jen­ nifer Wilde, and says I should read Ms. Wilde’s Love’s Tender 
Fury if I really want to escape in­ to a more exciting world. 
I wonder what other women think. — Jean Hartz, Denver, 
Colo. 
WHAT DO you think? Who are your favorite authors of romantic novels or Gothic fiction — or of anything else — and why? Tell us. 
We ll pay $25 for the best letter received on this topic, and $5 for each one published. Write to: Ro­ mance, THE SAN ANTONIO! 
STAR, P.O. Box 2171 San Antonio, 
Texas 78297. 
Anti-Allen 

I WAS a big Woody Allen fan, then I saw his act in person when 
I visited New York. When Allen walked past our table, I said: 
“You’re great, Woody. Tile funni­ est comedian I know.” 
Allen glared at me and pushed my hand away. “ I’m paid to per- 

My instant world of love and romance had to wait until payday before you grow.” 
—Mary 
Rogers, we could purchase them. 
Moundville, Ala. 

 reader’s letter, left). form here, not talk to customers. 
Leave me alone,” he said. I’ve never felt the same about 
Allen since. — P.P. Pomack, Dallas, Tx. 
WRITE US about your encounters with celebrities. We pay $5 for each letter published, see mailing instructions below. 
Sole music 

I WAS looking forward to a new pair of shoes that my boyfriend had promised me. However, we 

In the meantime, the stereo speakers on our car were sound­ ing worse with each day, and as we both love to listen to the car stereo while driving, I said: “ Hon, my shoes can wait. Let’s buy new speakers instead.” So on payday, we got new speakers. 
Bob worked diligently late into the night replacing them, and when the job was done, he came into the house with a big smile and said: “Come on, Hon, let’s ride around town and listen to your shoes.” — Lisa Teilefson, 
Alameda, Calif. 
Union dues 

WHEN my friend’s fiance took a day off from work on the eve of 
Ms wedding, Ms boss told Mm to mark the reason for Ms absence on Ms time sheet. After a mo­ ment’s hesitation, he wrote: 
“Engaged in union activities.” — 
Morley Lampshire, Kitchener, On- tano’ Pregnant cause 

SIGN in an obstetrician’s office that I observed recently: “ Pay as 

Office-giver 

I WORK as a poll taker and go from door to door asking ques­ tions. One day, after telling a lady what I wanted, she said: “I gave my opinion at the office.” — Mi­ chael David, Miami, Fla. 
Ladybug love 

KELLY, our Irish setter, had a false pregnancy recently. When it came time for her “puppies” to be bom she built a nest for them. 
When no puppies arrived, she started mothering -her squeaky, green rubber ladybug toy. 
For weeks she whined constant­ 

 ly and would only leave her nest long enough to go outside to do her duty, of course with ‘green puppy’ in her mouth at all times. 
“Mother’s" now doing fine, but 
“puppy” looks a little soggy. _ 
L.A., Redondo Beach, Calif. 

Verse noted 

A VERY close friend and I worked together at a large insur­ ance company. We weren’t al­ lowed to talk so we used to pass notes back and forth to each oth­ er. 
One day I had no work on my desk so I jotted down the first verse of an song called Where Or 
When, then I put it face down on her desk. 
No sooner had I done it, than she placed a piece of paper on my desk too. You can imagine our as­ tonishment when we discovered that she had completed the song’s second verse. — Fran Raskin, 
Flushing, N.Y. 
Swimsuit that promises summertime adventures 

TONY CURTIS: My 3rd wife has shown me life is worth living’ 

By WAYNE DARWEN 
MOVIE STAR Tony Curtis this week revealed how a woman’s love changed his wild ways and ended years of depression that nearly drove him to suicide. 
“She has shown me that life is worth living,” said the 
51-year-old former matinee idol as he clasped the hand of his beautiful third wife, Leslie. “I was busted, man. Really down. 
For a long time I just couldn’t face life. I had no place to go, nobody to trust. But when I met Leslie, everything changed just like magic.” 
Curtis said his decline began in 
1965, with the break-up of his marriage to 
German actress 
Christine Kaufman. He was pre­ viously married to actress Janet 
Leigh. 
“That divorce busted me, man,” he told THE STAR. “What really hurt was that I had these three sweet children and 
I couldn’t see them because of a couple of mean women I’d mar­ ried. 
“I just kind of self-destructed. I tried softening the blow with pills and booze, but it just didn’t work.” 
He began gambling heavily — and eventually blew $45o,ooo. 
Once he bet $12o,ooo on one hand of poker — and won. 
“I was pretty good at the game,” he said, “even though I ended up a loser . . . $12o,ooo was nothing to me. It was a thrill bet­ ting that kind of money. The shuf­ fle of cards was music to my ears. 
“I was taking lousy parts in movies just for the money — so I could gamble. 
“My life was women, booze and gambling, and failure after fail­ ure. 
The thought of suicide crossed my mind, but I figured I wasn’t the kind of guy to go jump off a building or cut my wrists. I decided to keep drifting along un­ til I killed myself by natural caus­ es.” 
Then he met Leslie, a tall, slen­ der model from Massachusetts, at a dinner party in New York in 
1968. 
“I fell in love with him after IO minutes,” she recalled. “We’ve been happy ever since.” 
They have been married nine years and have two children, Ni­ cholas, six, and Benjamin, four. 
“From the time I met this beautiful woman she has shown me the way to live,” he said. 
“She showed me how useless it was to hide behind phoney emo­ tions and cheap thrills.” 
Curtis has quit gambling, drinks 
“very little” whisky, goes for walks with his family over the hills of their Los Angeles home — and has started a brand new ca­ reer as a writer. 
Curtis has just had his first nov­ el published, Kid Andrew Cody 
And Julie Sparrow, (Doubleday, 
$8.95). 
It traces the lives of two broth­ ers — one who grows up to be­ come a movie star, and the other a gangster. 
It is basically Curtis’s disguised recollection of the stormy life he has led, from his tough childhood on the streets of the Bronx, to his rise to fame as a Hollywood heartthrob. But he refuses to say which parts are strictly autobio­ graphical. 
“I shall never tell anyone which incidents in the book actually hap­ pened to me,” he said. 
“That’s part of the mystery of it. It’s nobody’s business but my own.” 

Tony Curtis with his first wife actress Janet Leigh. 
With wife No. 2, German actress Christine Kaufman: 
When marriage broke up in 1965, he began drinking. 
Tony and Leslie today: “This beautiful woman has shown me the way to live,” he says. an you identify the hero of his book? 

.. .- 
.. •• •• 
JUDGE for yourself who Julie is in this extract from Tony Cur­ tis’s novel Kid Andrew Cody And Julie Sparrow. His hero was born in New York — on June 3, 1924. Tony Curtis was also born in New York on June 3 — but in 1925. The action takes place on 
Julie’s sixteenth birthday. 
J 
ULIE was sweet sixteen. 
It was June 3, 194o. Hot and muggier than usual. 
He had on gray slacks and a white shirt with a gray pullover. 
The points of his white shirt hung out over the gray pullover he wore. He was skinny in those days, very skinny. He stood five ten. 
A lot of black hair over these piercing blue eyes, long scrawny neck, and his nails were clipped good and short. He had about a hundred twenty bucks on him in a paper clip. 
He was going to travel in high society today, and he looked for­ ward to it. Dressed like this and with a little money in his pocket there wasn’t anyplace that was not allowed him. 
He’d go to a baseball game or a museum or an art show or fami­ ly party or a friend’s party, or even a movie. He would more or less aimlessly travel through the city. He’d pick a neighborhood he’d like to try and that’s where he’d end up. 
Carnegie Hall. He had passed it many times, but today he was going to pay it a little closer at­ tention. By eleven o’clock he was at Carnegie Hall. He went in and sat down. 
There was a rehearsal going on. 
Fifty girls singing. Some chorus. 
Some girls were arriving, some were leaving. He listened for a bit then got up to leave. As he walked up the aisle, he heard a girl’s voice. 
“Oh, sparrow.” 
He stopped and turned to see where the voice came from. 
There seated in one of the seats was a blond girl whose hair was the color of wheat. They locked eyes, hers green, and looked at each other for just a beat. 
“What made you think I was calling you?” she said. 
He blushed. 
“I dunno . . . I just thought . . . maybe you meant me.” He wa Iked closer and sat down in the aisle 

‘ She took his arm and squeezed it* 

 seat. There was an empty seat between them. 
“Do you sing with these girls?” 
“No, I go to Hunter College. I just wanted to take the day off to­ day, I guess.” 
They both listened to a very beautiful piece of music being sung by this chorus of girls. 
He sensed her sitting there. She wore a pleated skirt to about her knees, a beige sweater to her neck, around her neck a gold chain with a small cross at the end of it, and simple dark brown shoes with a low heel. 
Looking at her, you could feel summer coming on and you knew too when summer was over she would be a woman. She looked at him again. 
“So you think you’re a spar­ row.” 
“No, I don’t think I’m a spar­ row, and I don’t think I’ve ever seen one, either.” 
“It’s a small gray bird. Very in­ dependent. Always. moving. Not too intelligent and always getting caught by cats.” 
“Mr. or Mrs.?” he said. 
She didn’t crack. 
“Let’s go somewhere else,” she said. 
They got up and walked out of 
Carnegie Hall. He finally took her hand three blocks past Carnegie 
Hall, much to the relief of both of them, and off they went. 
“Let’s go to the Museum of 
Modern Art; it’s beautiful.” 
Before he could answer, the sparrow and Pamela, that was her name, were on their way. It was quiet and solemn as they walked around. He kept looking at her. She kept looking at his eyes. 
He couldn't understand why 

Tony at 18, the teen heartthrob. 

 everybody took this art stuff so seriously. 
They were nice pictures and certainly interesting objects and sculptures. But everything was so solemn, so mystical. They walked and looked, holding hands. Their palms becoming moist and warm. 
She stopped suddenly. 
“Oh, I know, something to see. 
Come on.” 
She took hirri. They seemed to meander in a maze of pictures and walls until they suddenly came into a little room. 
On the wall of this room, going from one section of the wall to the other, was this huge painting. 
Green. White. Blue. Little touches of yellow. 
When he got his eyes adjusted, he could see that it looked like 

 flowers, flowers floating in the water. 
“Monet painted that,” she said. 
“It’s called Water Lilies.” 
The hugeness of it cast a spell over him. Pamela could sense his reaction and was pleased by it. 
She took his arm and squeezed it. 
They were seated on this stone bench facing the Water Lilies. She turned and brushed his cheek with her mouth. He turned and kissed her ever so lightly. 
He could have swooned for the joy of it. He loved and was moved. He loved her so. They went to a restaurant and had some omelets. 
After lunch he took her in a taxi to Broadway, and they went to see a movie, Gunga Din, with 
Cary Grant, Douglas Fairbanks, 
Jr., and Victor McLaglen. They necked and held hands. 
They were in the streets walk­ ing, quickly. They were on Fifty- ninth Street. Across the street from Columbus Circle. It was about three o’clock. 
“Nobody’s home,” she said. 
They were in her room in this huge apartment building. 
He didn’t know how many rooms were in the apartment, he never saw them. 
They’d come through a hallway in the back and directly into her bedroom. 
They were in each other’s arms and into each other almost before the door finished closing. 
They were walking in the streets again. 

“I’m to meet my sister at Car­ negie Hall at five,” she said. 

They walked to Carnegie Hall. 
A few minutes after five, Pame­ la’s sister Pauline, who was maybe twelve, walked up and said, “Hi.” 

“This is the Sparrow,” Pamela said. She turned and looked in Ju­ lie’s eyes and said, “Good-by, 
Sparrow.” 
And this tawny creature turned, walked out of his life, never to be seen again. 
He never told anybody; he nev­ er told Angie. But from that day on, he called himself the Sparrow. 

THE TROUBLE with many diets is simply that people don’t stick to them. Florida physician Charles C. Vassar believes the problem lies in the mind. He treats his patients by teaching them to program their minds while they are asleep — to change their whole attitude toward food. 
Now Dr. Vassar has written a book* ex­ plaining how you too can lose pounds while you sleep. 

By CHARLES C. VASSAR, M.D. 
MOST diets emphasize that it is food that had made you fat, and certain “bad” foods in particular. My method, Reduce by 
Re-Programming 
Your 
Mind 
(RRPM), is different. It emphasizes that food is your friend, that there is no such thing as a “bad” food. 
It is not food that has made you fat, but your lack of moderation regarding it. Through RRPM, you can program yourself to exercise in moderation without thinking about it. 
And you can do it easily, in Hie privacy of your own home, by practicing it for a few minutes be­ fore you fall asleep. 
The only things you’ll need to help you get started on the RHI M method are a quiet, peaceful, en­ vironment; a full-length mirror; a pen or pencil and a notebook; a tape measure; and a set of scales. 
When you’re positive you can be alone and uninterrupted for at least an hour, go into the privacy of your bedroom, bathroom, or 

DOCTOR TELLS HOW TO LOSE 
WEIGHT WHILE YOU SLEEP 

Step-by-step guide to an amazing new way to diet 

 dressing area, and while standing in front of a full-length mirror, di­ vest yourself of every stitch of clothing. Then, take a good long look. Be honest. 
Pick up your pen or pencil, and, on the first page of your notebook, write your full name. 
Take out your tape measure. On one side of the page in your note­ book, write down your hip, chest, waist, thigh, and upper-arm mea­ surements. 
Next get on the scales — if you have scales — and write down your exact, true weight. On the next page, write down what you want to be. 
Turn back to the mirror, and on yet another page of your notebook 

 make a list of one word descrip­ tions of what you see as you gaze with an unbiased eye into that mirror. 
Employ more colorful adjec­ tives than the usual overworked ones pertaining to obesity. “ Fat,” for example, should not be on your list; but you may want to start it something like this: 

GROTESQUE 
DISTORTED 
UNGAINLY 
CLUMSY 
PUFFY 
GROSS 

Remember that it’s in your power to change yourself from a person who matches these de- 

Cornelia gunning for Charlie’s A ngels 

LOOK out Charlie’s Angels...lovely Cornelia Sharpe thinks she’s got your number. 
For Cornelia and sultry actress Jayne Kennedy have teamed up in NBC’s The Cover Girls, about a pair of glamorous high fashion models who double as international spies. 
And they’re gunning for the title of TV’s most glamorous cops, currently held by the Angels trio of 
Farrah Fawcett-Majors, Jaclyn Smith and Rate 
Jackson. 
The Cover Girls made its debut recently as a TV movie and appears certain to be developed into a weekly series rn a head-on confrontation with Char­ lie’s Angels on ABC. Producer David Gerber, re­ 

 sponsible for such hit shows as Police Woman, 
Shiest and Gibbsville told THE STAR that “no ex­ pense would be spared” on the show: 
“It’s about fashion models, and that’s just what the two stars will look like—only better,” he said. 
“We are planning on getting the best clothes design­ er around to make the costumes.” 
Cornelia, a 29-year-old 5-ft 8 ins. blonde is pictured above in her Manhattan apartment. She appeared in 
Serpico, The Next Man, The Way We Were, Busting ana Kansas City Bomber. Her partner Jayne is a 
5-ft 1o-ins former Miss Ohio who has appeared in 
Lady Sings The Blues, Mothers and Let’s Do It 
Again. 

 scriptions into a person who em­ phatically does not. 
Get out your notebook now, and, on a new page, print this: “Do not fool yourself, and you will never look the fool.” 
Every night from now on, leave your notebook near your bed, open to the page that has this sen­ tence printed on it. These words should catch your eyes every night before you to to bed and ev­ ery morning when you get up. 
This sentence should become your new axiom in life — and you should live it every day. With your subconscious 
(sleeping) mind helping you, this will be­ come easier and easier all the time. 
It will be most helpful at this point in your reprogramming ef­ forts to have a full-length photo­ graph of yourself in all your pre­ sent, corpulent glory. 
Take a piece of nearly transpar­ ent tracing paper, place it over the photograph, and trace around the outline of your shape with a dark lead pencil or black felt- tipped pen. 
Take a second sheet and place it over the first one. Draw a sec­ ond outline of yourself — only this time, keep the lines well inside the lines of the original photo­ graph. 
Hang these sketches in a con­ spicuous place near your bed so your eye y/ill fall upon them and they will fill your mind’s eye as you prepare to sleep. 
Your subconscious mind will soon be convinced that the slender shape is your true shape, and it will be prepared to help you ac­ tually attain that slender figure. 
You will find that you are con­ siderably annoyed by the drawing of the heavier shape. You will feel it is not the real you. 
You continue to enjoy the foods that you have always loved (and that have always been disastrous for your figure) and lose weight. 
Tile key word here is moderation. 
While that’s certainly not news, what is news is that with the 
RRPM method, you learn to exer­ cise moderation automatically, not only in the everyday diet regi­ men you set up for yourself, but in almost every other area of your life as well 
You must know exactly what it is you are out to stop yourself from doing before you enlist the aid of your subconscious. 
In your notebook, begin your daily intake record. At the back of your notebook, keep a list of your favorite foods. Next to each item, write down at least one favorable characteristic of that food and one unfavorable characteristic. Here’s an example from my own note­ book: 
Vanilla Layer Cake 
PRO: It is delicious! Thinking about its pure light taste and its smooth creamy texture absolutely makes my mouth water. It con­ tains eggs and milk, from which 
I obtain protein, and butter, from which I get needed fats. And last but not least, it is filling. When I 

* FROM Losing Weight While You Sleep by 
Charles C. Vassar, MD. Copyright ©1977 by 
Charles C. Vassar, MD. Reprinted by per- mission of Pocket Books, a Simon & Schus­ ter divison of Gulf & Western Corporation. 

 am genuinely hungry, it hits the spot. 
CON: True, it is delicious, but while this delightful tibdit may contain traces of protein, vitam­ ins, and minerals, it is also loaded with sugar and packed with starch. In fact, it contains more sugar than anything else. The spots this cake hits, unfortunate­ ly, are likely to be m y thighs, stomach, and derriere. 
Note in your daily intake record those moments during the day when you seem to be most suscep­ tible to foodstuffs. 
Finally, you should keep track of where you eat, how you eat, and — briefly — what your men­ tal attitude is when you eat. 
The consumption of food means far more than the simple satisfac­ tion of real hunger. Eating is tied to a legion of psychological states and social attitudes, including: 
Love; Depression; Fear; Plea­ sure; 
Grief; 
Success; 
Anger; 
Guilt; Trust; Frustration. 
Scrupulously keep your daily in­ take record for at least a week. 
By the time you’ve spent a week or ten days study what, where, how, and why you eat — and maybe trying to change some of your more obvious bad habits 
— you should get a pretty good conscious grasp of your own par­ ticular eating problems. 
Then it will be time to see how your subconscious mind can help you do what your conscious mind wants you to do — that is eat less and lose weight. 
The first step in getting in touch with your subconscious is to re­ lax. You are most relaxed right before you fall asleep. 
Therefore that’s one of the best times to begin “feeding” your subconscious ideas that you want it to grab onto. 
Try one of these statements, whichever you personally prefer: 
• I am not the slave of food, but its master. 
OR 

• Food is my friend, my life­ giving friend, not my enemy. 
When you’re pretty certain you’re relaxed, begin repeating your “diet statement” over and over to yourself. Gradually, as you repeat it, you shouldn’t have to think about individual words; the whole statement should sim­ ply be there, in your mind, all the time — and it will stay there as you drift off to sleep. 
Remember, too, that the diet program you follow under the 
RRPM method is one you set up for yourself (see eight-day guide on nextipage). Be careful not to make it impossibly stringent, or boring, or inflexible. 
Continue every night to concen­ trate on your “diet statement” as you relax and fall asleep. Your subconscious will begin imme­ diately to absorb the new ideas about food that you give it, but to get these new ideas strongly im­ planted takes time. 
If you find your conscious mind is resistant to letting your subcon­ scious help you lose weight, here are additional tips: 
Be sure your bedroom is a 

EIGHT-DAY DIET PLAN ON NEXT PAGE 

 ll 

 uiet, dark place. Alert your fam­ ily to your need for total concen­ tration so you are uninterrupted between the time you go to bed and the time you fall asleep. 
Taking one area of your body at a time, tense the muscles — in your face, for instance — and hold for a count of seven to ten; then relax those muscles. Repeat this process in your feet, legs, hands, arms, and stomach and abdomen. 
Next, relax your mind through breathing. With the little finger and the ring finger of your right hand, close your left nostril; then close the right nostril with the thumb of your right hand. 
Close your eyes. Now gently, lift only your thumb. Keeping your mouth closed, breathe in very slowly through your right nostril. 
When your lungs are fully ex­ panded, close off the right nostril with the thumb and hold your breath for a silent count of five. 
Keep your eyes closed and let the air flow out — slowly. Continue to do the cleansing breath like this for about ten minutes. 
Then you’ll be ready to turn yourself over to your subcon­ scious. Begin by picturing your­ self in a favorite, secluded envi­ ronment. 
Concentrate on the image of this serene place until you can visualize yourself as an integral part of the scene. 
When you’re really “into” your imaginary scene, close your eyes. 
(If you don’t need a picture to help you get started, of course, you can close your eyes at the very beginning of this step.) 
You will probably find it helpful to repeat a key word slowly to yourself as you “sit” in the quiet, secluded imaginary place that has become, in your mind’s eye, one of your favorite places. 
Now that you’re in touch with your subconscious mind, you’re ready to supply it with some in­ formation. 
At this point, you will need to have on hand the sketch of your slim, attractive figure. Close your eyes again and continue repeating your key word as you visualize this scaled-down version of your­ self. 
Next, place yourself in the fol­ lowing fantasy environment: 
In your home town, there is to be a Famous Persons Convention, and because of your charm and your sprightly, gregarious person­ ality, you have been invited by the mayor to participate as a home-town hostess. (Note: If you are a man, simply adopt this fan­ tasy to the masculine viewpoint.) 
You are wearing a long, white, clingy gown that fits your trim, slim body like a glove. You take full control of the situation, di­ recting the waiters to serve champagne and hors d’oeuvres. 
You shake hands and introduce people all around; and before you quite know what’s happening, you are surrounded by celebrities. 
All this time, out of the comer of your eye, you have been watch­ ing a solitary woman at the buffet table. She has her back to you, and she is leaning over the table alternately shoveling food into her mouth and stacking food on an al­ ready heavily laden plate. 
The woman is wearing a bright­ ly colored gown cut along matron­ ly lines; it has obviously has been purchased from a store that ca­ ters to people who wear large sizes. 
As you reach the table, the woman turns slowly around, and you find yourself standing face to face with yourself! You patiently, and with 4 svntle, take the plate 

Lo se-weight-while-y ou-sleep Diet Plan 

DAY I 

Breakfast 
Calories 
4 oz, orange juice 
55 
I thin slice white toast 55 
I pat butter 
35 coffee or tea 
o 
Snack 
I orange 
SD diet soda — 12 oz. 
2 
Lunch tuna in water — 3 oz. 16o 
I dill pickle 
IO club soda 
o 
Snack 
1 hard-boiled egg 
75 
2 rye wafers 
45 
Dinner half grapefruit 
5o 
I cup summer squash 
35 
I chicken breast — 3 oz. 
156 coffee or tea 
o 
Snack bi oz. package of raisins 4o coffee or tea 
o 

Total calories 
777 

DAY 5 

Breakfast 
Calories half grapefruit 
SO 
I thin slice white toast 55 
1 scrambled egg 
11o coffee or tea 
o 
Spacfc 
2 melba toasts 
35 coffee or tea 
o 
Lunch 
I yogurt 
125 
I apple 
TO diet soda — 12 oz. 
2 
Snack 
1 cup boullion 
12 
2 carrots 
4o 
Dinner quarter head of lettuce and 
2 tomato slices 
45 
3 oz. liver 
125 bi oz. low-cal dressing 15 
I onion 
4o 
I cup cooked spinach 
4o coffee or tea 
o 
Snack coffee or tea 
o diet gelatin — I serving IO 
Total calories 
774 

DAY 2 

Breakfast 
Calories half cantaloupe 
4o 
2 oz. cottage cheese 
65 coffee or tea 
o 
Snack bi cup bouillon 
12 
(can vary with chicken, beef, onion, or vegetable flavors) 
2 melba toasts 
35 
Lunch omelet (plain OR 
175 
1 cup yogurt (plain) bi cup skim milk 
4o 
Snack 
2 stalks celery 
IO 
2 carrots 
4o 
Dinner 
4 oz. grapefruit juice 
5o 
I cup cauliflower 
25 
3 oz. baked swordfish 145 coffee or tea 
o 
Snack 
I apple 
7o coffee or tea 
o 
Total calories 
7o7 

DAY 6 

Breakfast 
Calories 
4 oz. orange juice 
I thin slice white toast 
I pat butter coffee or tea 
Snack bi oz. package raisins dub soda — 6 oz 
Lunch 
3 oz. canned shrimp 
1 alp spinach and mushroom salad (raw) 
2 melba toasts diet soda - 12 oz. 
Snack 
I hard boiled egg coffee or tea 
Dinner 
3 oz. raw clams 
I cup beets 
3 oz. lean lamb chop diet gelatin 
Snack bi cup pineapple coffee or tea 
Total calories 

55 
55 
35 
o 

4o 

IOO 

SO 
35 
2 

75 
o 

3o 
14o 
IO 

38 
_ ! 
727 

DAY 3 

Breakfast 
Calories 
4 oz. orange juice 
55 
1 poached egg 
OO coffee or tea 
o 
Snack 
2 melba toasts 
35 coffee or tea 
o 
Lunch quarter head of lettuce 15 
2 slices tomato 
25 
5 slices cucumber 
7 bi oz. low-calorie dressing 
15 
3 oz. flounder 
285 
Snack 
2 stalks celery 
IO 
2 carrots 
4o 
Dinner half grapefruit 
5o 
I cup brussel sprouts 
6o 
3 oz. broiled chicken 
115 coffee or tea 
o 
Snack bi cup skim milk 
4o 

Total calories 
832 

DAY 7 

4o 
o 

12 
4o 

Breakfast 
Calories 
1 cup dry cereal 
HO y* cup skim milk coffee or tea 
Snack bi cup boullion 
2 carrots 
Lunch 
3 oz. crabmeat 
85 quarter head lettuce and 
2 tomato slices 
45 coffee or tea 
o 
Snack 
I hard-boiled egg diet soda — 12 oz. 
Dinner salad of 2 oz. endive and 3o bi cup mushrooms 
4 asparagus spears 
IO 
3 oz. lean roast beef 
13o diet gelatin — I serving IO coffee or tea 
o 
Snack half grapefruit 
5o coffee or tea 
o 
Total calories 
639 

75 
2 

DAY 4 

Breakfast half grapefruit 
IO 
1 poached egg 
IO coffee or tea 
o 
Snack bi cup boullion 
12 bi cup yogurt OB 
5o 
2 rye wafers 
Lunch 
6 oz. tomato juice 
35 quarter head lettuce and SO low-calorie dressing 
2 oz. cottage cheese 
65 coffee, tea, or chib soda o 
Snack bi cup yogurt 
65 diet soda — 12 oz. 
2 
Dinner 
6 oz. tomato juice 
35 bi cup broccoli 
25 
3 oz. bluefish 
135 coffee or tea 
o 
Snack 
1 baked apple OB 
TO 
2 plums 
Total calories 
6o4 

DAY 8 

Breakfast 
4 oz. orange juice 
1 hard-boiled egg coffee or tea 
Shack 
2 carrots 
2 stalks celery coffee or tea 

2 tytt wafers 
:.~- l 
2 oat mttfuit dbasat 

 bi (XL low-calorie draeeifig coffee or tea 
Snack quarter cimtaloupe diet soda — 12 oz. 
Dinner 
6 oz tomato juice 
I cup spinach 
3 oz. baked haddock coffee or tea 
Snack bi cup strawberries 
Total calories 

35 
41 r n 

J 6 
627 

 out of the woman’s plump hands and set it on the table. Still smil­ ing, you give her another plate — an empty plate — which you fill with tasty, healthful, low-calorie foods. She nods, and gratefully ac­ cepts the plate. 
The woman now makes her way to the door. 
Just then Paul Newman or An­ thony Quinn or Jeff Bridges touches your elbow and sweeps you onto the dance floor in a ro­ mantic waltz. You are trim, slim, lovely, charming, and completely in control of the situation. 
You may now drift off into pleasant, restful sleep. Yes, you should always sleep at the end of this exercise — it’s part of the whole “workout.” Sleeping helps your subconscious absorb the new, positive ideas about the new, slimmer you that you’ve present­ ed in this fantasy. 
One note of caution: As with any diet plan, you should check with your own private physician before beginning the eight-day diet. ------------------ 
** 

Acting is more important than men, says Michelle Phillips 

Michelle 
Phillips: 
She’s busy building her own career. 

ACTRESS Michelle Phillips, who’s been courted by heartthrobs, Warren Beatty, 
Jack Nicholson and Ryan O’­ 
Neal, says she would never give up her career for a man. 
“That is the price I am pre­ pared to pay even if it means a lot of lonely beds,” Michelle told 
THE STAR. 
“I always wanted to be an ac­ tress. I trained for three years to be an actress. There was a lot to learn and it was worth it. I’ve al­ ways wanted to be independent, to be responsible for my own life, and now I am.” 
Michelle, who has been 'seen again recently with Jack Nichols 

 son, said: “I haven’t changed my attitude toward men. I still love them. I still fall over them. 
“The difference now is that I can get up again and I like that.” 
Michelle, formerly of the Ma­ mas And Papas rock group, is starring with ballet dancer Ru­ dolph Nureyev in Ken Russell’s new film Valentino. 
She’s also reported to be plan­ ning to make a movie with Roll­ ing Stone Mick Jagger. 
Her new-found success as an actress has not come easily. 
“At first, people didn’t take me seriously because I had been a singer,” she said. 
“Ifs taken me years to shed that image.” * 

COUPLES TURN 

THE CLOCK BACK 
Ten taste-tingling tea drinks to keep you feeling refreshed all summer long 

B anana Frost 

Ice cubes mix 
2 envelopes or Vt cup 
I quart of cold water lemon-flavored ice tea 
2 ripe bananas 

HAVE ready four large (12 oz.) or six reg­ ular (8 oz.) glasses. In each, place two ice cubes. Combine ice tea mix with water. 
Place half the mixture (2 cups) in jar of electric blender. Add one banana. Cover and blend about forty seconds until very frothy. Pour into two or three glasses. Re­ peat with remaining ingredients. Makes four large or six regular glasses. 

A nniversary Party Punch 

2 quarts boiling water 
I stick cinnamon 
(about 2-inches long) 
IO whole cloves 
1/3 cup loose tea (or 15 teabags) l/z cup sugar 
I 6-ounce can lemonade 

 concentrate 
2 cups cold water 
I quart gingerale 
I 
It 2 can pineapple juice 
I cup fresh cultivated blueberries (Optional) 

BRING water to a boil in a saucepan with the apices. Remove from heat. Immediate­ ly add tea. Brew 5 minutes. Stir and strain into large punch bowl. Add sugar and stir until dissolved. Add remaining ingredients except blueberries. Place block of ice or ice cubes in punch bowl. Add blueberries. 

Cherry Punch 

I quart boiling water 
1/3 cup loose tea or 15 teabags 
I quart cold water 
Va cup sugar 
Vt cup lime juice 

I (8 oz.) jar Maraschi­ no cherries 
Orange slices 
Lime slices 
Cucumber slices 

BRING I quart freshly drawn cold water to a full rolling boil. Remove from heat and immediately add 1/3 cup loose tea or 
15 teabags. Stir. Let stand for 5 minutes, uncovered. Stir and strain into a pitcher holding another quart of freshly drawn cold water. Cool. Add sugar, lime juice and syrup drained from Maraschino cher­ ries. When ready to serve, pour into ice- filled glasses. Garnish. Makes IO servings. 

Teaberry Punch 

I qt. water 
Va cup loose or instant tea. or 12 teabags 
1 qt. cold water 
2 (6 oz. each) cans frozen lemonade con­ centrate 

2 (6 oz. each) cans frozen limeade concen­ trate 
2 cups cranberry juice cocktail 
2 (28-oz.) bottles ginger ale 

BRING one quart water to a boil in a saucepan. Remove from heat. Immediate­ ly add tea. If using instant, simply com­ bine the powder with 2 quarts cold water in a punch bowl. No need to boil water and brew. Cover. Brew 5 minutes. Stir, then strain into punch bowl containing one qt. cold water. Stir in frozen concentrated fruit juices and cranberry juice. Place block of ice or ice cubes in punch. Add gin­ ger ale just before serving. Makes five quarts. 

Sherine’s Sham-Pagne 

 black raspberry flavor soda 
Lemon wedges for gar­ nish 

4 envelopes or I cup lemon-flavored ice tea mix 
2 quarts cold water 
I bottle (TS oz.) chilled 

IN large pitcher, combine all ingredients except lemon wedges. Mix. Pour into tall ice-filled glasses. Makes about 3 quarts. 

Pineapple Tea Toddy 

2 cans pineapple juice, 
46 ounces each 
5 tbsp, instant tea pow­ der 

1 tsp. ground carda­ mom 
2 tbsp, lemon juice 
Va cup sugar 

HEAT pineapple juice to simmering. Re­ move from neat. Stir in remaining ingre­ dients. Serve in mugs with cinnamon sticks. Makes about 12 servings. 

2,ooo YEARS 

SIX young couples said goodbye to the 2oth century this week when they agreed to take part in an unusual experiment that will set them back 2,ooo years. 

For the next 12 months, they will live and sleep in a crude hut in a muddy field in the west of England. They’re attempting to reconstruct life in the primitive Iron 
Age—named for the period in Europe when iron tools and weapons were first devel­ oped. The volunteers will wear only rough woven clothes and animal skins—which they must make themselves—and will use only Iron Age tools to sow and harvest crops of wheat, barley and beans. 

 ti* only outsiders to visit the replica of 
Or rttiement will be TV cameramen film­ ing a documentary for the British Broad­ casting Corp. 

Lindsay and Peter Ainsworth, the only rflnteer couple with children, ages 6, 4, md 2, told THE STAR: “The children m a t have any formal education for the p r r we live in the Iron Age village. 

“They will learn a lot of other skills.’’ 

THERE’S a new blend of tea on the market — designed especially for use in automatic coffee makers and arriv­ ing just in time to quench those big summer thirsts. 
It’s Tetley’s Automatic Tea, and it can be used in any type of automatic drip filter coffee machine or poured over ice cubes to make instant ice tea. 
The makers have specially prepared the first of these tea recipes to quench the thirsts in your family this summer. 
THE STAR adds thirst-quenchers of its own you can make with teabags. And you can easily adapt the instant tea recipes. 
Iced Viennese Tea 
2/3 cup sugar 
Brewed Tetley 
Auto- 
Va tsp. cinnamon medic Tea 
Va tsp. allspice 
Orange or Lemon sher- 
Va tsp. nutmeg bet, it desired. 
SPREAD IO rounded scoops (I scoop-1 tsp.) of tea in filter basket. Place 3 cups cold water in carafe. Pour additional 3 cups cold water into automatic drip filter coffee machine. Brew. In large pitcher combine sugar and spices. Ack! brewed tea. Serve in tall glass filled with ice. Top with a scoop of orange or lemon sherbet, if desired. Makes 5Vt cups or 6 to 7 serv­ ings. For a potent variation, add an ounce of brandy, bourbon, or rum to each serv­ ing. 

Vineyard Tea-ser 

Va cup lemon juice 
2 cups sparkling water 
1 quart cold water 
8 tsp. instant tea 
2 cups grape juice 
IN a large pitcher, combine water and in­ stant tea. Stir well. Add grape juice, lemon juice and ice cubes. Just before serving, stir in sparkling water. Makes IO servings. 

Apple Orchard Tea 

2 quarts fresh, cold wa- I quart apple cider or ter apple juice 
4 rounded tbsp, instant Va cup lemon juice tea 
2 tbsp, grated lemon 
Vt cup sugar rind 
IN a large pitcher or container, combine water and instant tea. Stir well to mix. 
Add sugar and stir again until sugar is dis­ solved. Add otter ingredients. Serve in tall glasses over ice cutes. Makes 16 servings. 

Cha-Cha Shakes 

I tbsp. instant tea pow- 
Va cup instant non-fat der milk powder 
Va cup granulated 
I pint cold milk brown sugar 
PLACE instant tea, sugar and non-fat milk powder in shaker. Aaa cold milk, cover and shake vigorously. This may be made in electric blender or whipped in bowl. 
Makes 2 servings. 
Survivors tell how hundreds perished in fluming steumboot 

SURVIVORS of one of America’s worst disasters recalled this week their breath­ taking escapes from death on a burning ex­ cursion boat. 
The General Slocum caught fire and sank in New York City’s East River exact­ ly 73 years ago—on Sunday, June 15, 19o4. 
A total of 1,o21 passengers, mostly women sm! children, were killed. 
Mrs. Catherine Connelly was 11-year-old when she escaped from the sinking inferno. 
Her mother, 9-year-old brother and infant sister died. 
Mrs. Connelly, now 84, said: “I can close my eyes and still see the boat, the fire and smoke, the people screaming and scram­ bling to get away from the roaring flames which came at us in waves.” 
Her last memory of her 31-year-old mother was hearing her scream, “Don’t leave me...don’t leave me...don’t leave me. 
“She was holding the baby in her arms and my brother was clutching at her skirts,” said Mrs. Connelly, who lives with her daughter in Manhattan. 
“I vaguely remember being pushed over the rail. The next thing I knew, I was lying on the deck of a tugboat, being held clown by a young man who was trying to keep me from jumping back in the water.” 
Mrs. Millie Rolka, 77, was 5 years old the day of the tragedy. 
“My mother was sick and couldn’t go,” she told THE STAR. “So my aunt took me and my two brothers, who were 8 and ll. 
All of us came back alive, thank God. 
“The reason I’m here to tell the tale is because some man—I never saw his face- snatched me up and threw me into the water.” 
Mrs. Rolka, who lives on Lone Island, 
N.Y., said her aunt pleaded with her to jump. “But I was a little child and afraid, and I wasn’t about to leap into the water.” 
Mrs. Connelly and Mrs. Rolka are among members of the Slocum Memorial 

Relatives try to identify bodies of those who died in General Slocum fire. 

Committee who meet each year to comme­ morate the disaster. There are only 17 sur­ vivors known to be still alive. 
They meet at a stone monument at the 
Lutheran Cemetery in the Middle Village, 
Queens, section of New York and they will be there again this year on June 12. 
The day of the holocaust was radiantly bright as the three-decked General Slo­ cum, a 264-foot side-wheel steamboat, headed upriver. 
About IO minutes after the boat left the 

Picture postcard of the ill-fated General 
Slocum, packed with passengers, during a trip around New York. 

E ier, fire broke out in a storeroom near the ow. Soon flames were roaring across the decks. 
The passengers’ only hope was to jump overboard. The boat’s rotted firehose burst and ancient life jackets fell apart at the touch. 
Men and women, clothes blazing, plunged into the river. Flaming children were thrown into the water by desperate parents. 
Of 1,424 passengers, only 4o3 survived. 
The captain, William Van Schaick, was lat­ er convicted of criminal negligence and served five years of a 1o-year sentence in 
Sing Sing Prison before being pardoned by 
President William Howard Taft. 
He died in 1927 at the age of 9o. 
Readers of THE STAR can obtain a free postcard showing the General Slocum by sending a stamped, self-addressed enve­ lope to Thomas F. Schweitzer, chairman, 
Slocum Memorial Committee, 89-19 218th 
St., Queens Village, N.Y. 11427. 

Emotion on emulsion 

Taking pictures with feeling 

W h at’s this thing called photojournalism? 
F rom the prints I received for judging last week from the 
Photographic Society of A m erica, P.J c i r ­ cuit, the question is hard to answer. 
PSA has in its mem­ bership most of the na­ tions top photographers, both professional and am ateu r. P hotojou rn a­ lism, called P J in the society’s vernacular, is a new division to this old organization. 
As photographers drift into this division from nature, scenic and travel divisions, the need for an answer grows. 
' What is photojournal­ ism? 

THE ANSWER, in the past, has been any pic­ ture that might have ap­ peared in the newspaper fills the requirements for photojournalism. 
It doesn’t require X- 
Ray vision and parents on Krypton to see holes in that crite rio n . 
A glance through today’s paper will show that 

 new spaper photo­ graphers shoot all kinds of pictures. 
Does an architectural photograph of a building qualify as photojournal­ ism? 
How about three women standing over a punch bowl? I hope not. 
But maybe they can and maybe there is a dif­ ference between the scenic approach to a new building and the photo­ journalist approach. 
THE D IFFEREN CE is storytelling or commun­ ication. The scenic pho­ tographer is interested in 
.showing beauty. The na­ ture photographer is try­ ing to show an aspect of the wild kingdom and travel photographers are concerned with places. 
The photojournalist’s subject is people. 
For the past year the 
PSA has been pushing the photojournalism to­ pic of Man in Man’s En­ vironment. This should get the point across but 

In the small group of pictures I critiqued, only a couple bothered with people at all. Take a car wreck. 
Im m ediately m ost people think this is the perfect photojournalism 

RENEE R ICHARDS disp la ys, e m o tio n w hich speaks fo r itse lf 

 situation. 
A mangled car, wrapped around a power pole. 
Sure, its im portant. 
Four people wasted their future on that pole. But a picture of the mangled car is about as important as a picture of the pole. 
Ifs the people that are important. 

REACTION, emotion 
— a shocked and revolted expression on the face of an onlooker — will tell a story that no m angled w reck can m an age. 
Emotion is the key to all hum an conditions. 
It m akes com m unication possible. 
Among the portfolios I examined were a number of fire pictures. B u ild ­ ings burning, cars burn­ ing but no one really in­ volved. 
The photo­ graphers might as well 

Photo 
Tips 

Ron Jones 

 have taken a picture of a burning match. 
This doesn’t mean the photographer should go shoving his 24mm lens In the face of crying rela­ tives or busy firem en. 
That is a perfect way to get your cam era put in a position where a surgeon will have to help you change film. 

THE 
EMOTIONAL element in a photograph can be the viewers. 
Years ago a staff pho­ tographer at the Express was accused of carrying children’s toys, dolls and shoes around in his car. 
E very tim e he photo­ graphed a tragedy — 

 fire, wreck, drowning or whatnot —? in which a child was involved, he always had something like a rag doll in the foreground. 

He didn’t arrange the pictures. This fellow was a real straight arrow in a tim e when new spaper photography was “ get the award picture at any • cost.” 
His pictures were not set-ups. He just kept his eyes open and sensitivity awake. 

TAKE THE USELESS picture of a mangled car. 
Somewhere in the clutter of spare parts strung ar­ ound by the impact must surely be an object that tells a story of people that used to bt? alive. 
In the mid 195o’s, the 
Pulitzer prize was won by a photograph of two skid m arks, a broken doll and a mangled tri­ cycle. One picture told the story of human tra­ 

 gedy explicity and with tremendous emotion. 
But emotion in pie-, lures is not limited to tragedy just as photo­ journalism is not only concerned with disaster. 

HOW 
ABOUT 
SPORTS? 
Think of the g reat sports pictures. Can you rem em b er one that didn’t show emotion. 
Babe Ruth retiring? 
That wasn’t just a pic­ ture of an empty uni­ form. 

CONSIDER a portrait. 
Yes, they can be a to­ pic for photojournalism. 
People have personali­ ty. That is what makes them d ifferen t from rocks, buildings and fireplugs. There may be 

 other d ifferen ces but that’s another topic. 
Making a person smile for the cam era doesn’t change things. Have you ever photographed a smiling fireplug? There are a number in town. 

Alfred Eisenstaedt, it is said, once snatched the cigar from 
Winston 
Churchill’s mouth to get that particular bulldog expression. 
Sometimes it is hard to get people to behave like people. 

Kicking a shin or grabbing a Prim e Minis­ ter’s cigar may be dras­ tic action, and not re­ commended for the ca­ sual photographer, but do what ever is neces­ sary to bring out emo­ tion. 

PRESENTS 
STOREWIDE SUMMER CLASSICAL SALE 

ALL CLASSICAL IP’s & TAPES (ALL LABELS) ON SALE 

IP’s $5.94 REG. 
SALE $3" 

LP’s $6.94 REG. 
SALE $4” 

TAPES $6.99 REG. 
SALE $4 " 
MONDAY THRU SATURDAY-ALL BOX SETS, MULTIPLE DISCS 25% OFF BUDGET LINE LP’s REG. $3.94 *2.99 
LP’s REG. $2.94 *2.19 

• NORTH STAR MALL • BABCOCK AT • OLIVER SQUARE 

CALLAGHAN 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 

 and SUNDAY M aaazi 

KATE JACKSON WITH HER HUSKY, ‘CATCHER 

 r n 

Wk h i * 

■ 
■■ JOT- 
2>J 

Wo W- pf^?4 

San Antonio 

 g§*& Sr* 

MMI 

-JIO 
: 
: v * - 
• 
' - 

;> if w 
' i r ® 
: * 
\ 
&R* 
:"4>' T 

UJVAtt CHfCttRIBS 

I O f P f o WITH FIUIT SAUCE AND 
SEWED WITH TWO Vt G R O U S . 

MONDAY 

ITALIAN DINNBt 
ITALIAN MEAT SAUCE ANO SPAGHETTI WITH 
GAULIC TOAST ANO ONE VEGATABLE. 

W /TM TAR SAUCE HUSH PUPPIES 
AND ONE VEGETABLE. 

WEDNESDAY 
CHICKIN LIVER 
WITH FRIED ONION RINGS 
AND ONE VEGETABLE. 

THURSDAY 

SMOTHERED BEEF STEAK 
SERVED WITH RICE ANO 
ONE VEGETABLE. 

FRIDAY 

CHICKEN BREAST 
BONELESS, WITH W HO R ia B U N D DRESSING, MUSH- J 
ROOM GRAVY, CRANBERRY SAUCE AND ONE VEGETABLE. 

SATURDAY 

BARBECUED BEEF 
SERVED WITH BARBECUED BEANS, ONION 
SLICE AND ONE VEGETABLE. 

UIURtt CRftttRlflS 

By RICHARD 
ERICKSON 
Memories of the old place com e alive as 
Ralph Jones speaks of belter times. 
Ghosts in their sparkling finery, promenading the now- dusty and peeling hall­ ways glide silently past as he handles the yellow, faded p o stcard s and newspaper clippings. 
The Hot Wells Hotel was once a boom ing place. It’s natural sul­ phur hot springs were reputed to be a cure for practically any illness. 
F am ou s movie sta rs, athletes and millionaires wintered there. 

TODAY 
IT 
SITS 

 peacefully by the San 
Antonio River, hidden from the traffic of South 
Presa Street by a full stand of trees. 
But the hot springs are still attracting visitors. 
“ I think the pool has 

 helped me live so long,’’ laughs the 86-year-old 
Jones. “ That and good hard work.” 
He and his wife Hattie still run the old place with its IOO mostly per­ manent resident tenants and tra ile rs on the grounds. They have for 
53 years. 
Few reminders of past glories still exist for the 
Hot Wells Hotel. Two of its three fancy pools (one for “ Gents only,” one for 
“ Ladies, please” and the middle for families) are drained and rock-lit­ tered. 
But in the early part of the century, it was known as San Antonio’s first tourist attraction. 
“ This place was the only health resort of any importance until they discovered Miami and 
A rizona,” 
Jo n e s re­ called. “ And California was a long way away in those days.” 

^ 
A B U F T O N 
I 

F iesta 
Noche del 
R io 

Mtk fear tar Mt hm rtlM mi a l­ drin! M ta/A aarkan "■»•*<el rrnx- 
Stan to to _ Monad tatar _ Mnfit 8 

ARNESON 
RIVER 
THEATRE 
8:3o pm 

T u e sd o y s frid o y s 

S a tu rd a y s (th ru A u g u st 27) 

Tickets $3 adults 
$1 Children to 15 

Advance sal* at all Joskt's Ticket 
Centers 
Arneson box oHic* open 7:oo pm 

In te n t _ tntmta I Oner ptai « Mina- show nights. tad rata al A m e n rn* •Brktan*. 
Alamo K M O (tis Q uo Chi 
Charities, 

THE 
EARLIEST 

 newspaper reference to the hotel was in June, 
1884. The hotel owners were searching for “ a slack wire perform er” and an opera singer to attract tourists. 
The 
San 
Antonio 
World’s Fair from 1898 to 
19o4 spurred business for the resort, so much so that then-owner F. M. 
Sw earington reported turning away 2,ooo visi­ tors. 
In 19o7, he began a new addition to the hotel re­ puted to cost $1oo,ooo. 
It was that addition, 95 rooms and three stories, that burned to the ground while over 4,ooo people watched in J a n ­ uary, 1925. 

YUCATAN 

2 NIGHTS MERIDA HOTEL 
I NIGHT CHICHEN-ITZA HOTEL 
4 NIGHTS CANCUN HOTEL 
SIGHTSEEING-TRANSFERS 
BAGGAGE HANDLING 
WEEKLY DEPARTURES 

$ l O 
A 
o 
o 
I r n 
N r person from Houston 

$ 229i iFrom Son Antonio 
824-1412 
Texas Toll fnm 1-8oo-292-72o9 
COSMOS TOURS 
8838 San Pedro, S.A., TX 78218 

Read Washington 

Watchdog 

Jack Anderson 

 in the San Antonio Express 

HOT WELLS SPA, a b o v e , as it a p p eared in e arly 19oos. The p ro ­ prietors today are H attie and Ralph Jones, left, who w ould like to see the San Antonio landm ark incorporated into the proposed na­ tional park system . 

But at the start of the new century, Hot Wells saw people like Rudolph 
Valentino, Teddy Roose­ velt, Sarah Bernhart and railroad tycoon E. H. 
Harriman, father of di­ plom at A verell H a rri­ man. 

HARRIMAN especial­ ly favored the yellow- green hot w aters for their curing ability. 
His arrival in 19o9, with seemingly countless secretaries and aides, was made in a custom- built railroad car which arrived on a special sid­ ing he had ordered built to the hotel. 
All of San Antonio was awed by the wealth Har­ 

 rim an d isplay ed. 
It wasn’t revealed until later, after his months- long visit to the sulphur springs, that he was ser­ iously ill and had hoped the water and the Alamo 
C ity’s mild clim ate would cure him. 

NOT LONG after his special train took him away late in the year he died. 
The world famous Cin­ cinnati Reds, 19o6 ver­ sion, made the Hot Wells 
Hotel their winter quarters before return­ ing to Ohio to play such teams as the St. Louis 
Browns. 
Ostrich races were the rage then. The birds were brought from a nearby ostrich farm and the “ swells” and their ladies cheered as the races began. 

THE OLD bath house, where the fam ous and sick changed into full­ length bathing costume before taking a dip, is all that remains besides the pools themselves. 
The property passed through a num ber of owners and grad u ally becam e what one re­ porter of 1925 described as “ a family hotel.” In 

C O M E H O M E TO 

1923, it was sold to the 
Church of Christ Scien­ tist as a school. 
It was still a school when 4o persons, all teachers and students, escaped the big fire. 
The hotel survived that, the Depression and other troubled times and now may be part of the 

 proposed M issions N a­ tional Park, says Jones. 
In the m eantim e, though, the old Hot Wel­ ls Hotel still stands, the springs still pump the hot yellow-green water. 
And the ghosts in their sp ark lin g finery still prom enade the dusty hallways. 

SINGLESisDATlNGi 
I 
VIARS 

FOR COM PANIONSHIP 
MATCHMAKER. INC. 
1259 JACKSON-KELIER RD EXECUTIVE CENTER SUITE 2o5 
3 4 4 - 1 1 1 5 
3 4 4 - 1 1 2 5 

WORLD 
ALMANAC’S 
I Which U.S. president was the only man to be elected by defeating two former U.S. presidents in the race? 
2. In U.S. currency, whose portrait is on the *5oo bill? (a) 
Franklin (b) G ran t (c) 
McKinley 
3 The present capital of the 
USSR is Moscow. Prior to the 
1917 Revolution, the capital of 
Russia was (a) Moscow (b) 
St. Petersburg (c) Leningrad 

ANSWERS: 

(q> 
E (9) Z UBI H “ r e f ill pue ijaAOsooy ajopoaqj, pa?eajap 
‘BISI ui ‘uosHM mojpoom I 

Enjoy a bit of Irish magic in the coziest atmosphere in town - where 
Prime Rib is served the way it ought to be . , . slowly roasted to perfection . .. juicy, savory, and so big you can hardly see the plate. Or heavy aged steaks, shrimp, King Crab, homemade soups and desserts . .. family recipes, lovingly prepared, served with our famous hot homebaked bread, hickory smoked cheese and all the crisp salad you can eat. 
95o2 1-1o at Wurzbach 

L U N C H E O N M on . thru F ri. from 11.3o D I N N E R 7 nights a week from 5 :o o 

© 1977 
A m erican Express and m ajor credit cards accepted 

Hot Wells Hotel 

R iv e r C it y ’s firs t to u ris t a ttra c tio n 

BEAUTIFUL Linda Thompson, above, says she and Elvis Presley have ended their five-year romance. 
After a tumultous on-and-off love affair in which Linda often had to watch Presley publicly parade some of the most beautiful girls in the world, she told THE STAR this week: 
“ It is over now, but Elvis and I are the closest, the very closest, of friends. As a matter of fact, he spoke to me on the telephone only two nights ago.” 
Linda, a former Miss Tennes­ see, is now looking for full time work as an actress in Hollywood. 
She was photographed last week in her private swimming pool. 
“ I already have a part with the 
Hee Haw Girls and I hope to make a full time career of acting. 
For the five years I was with El­ vis there was not much chance to follow my career. 
“There was no blowup, no fight, no bitterness. It was just that we grew apart. 
“I can only say I have some of the warmest memories possible. 

Sod Julie Nixon reveals: My mother will neverl 
^^^Hbe fully fit agami 

“ We did some of the craziest things and had a lot of fun and that is the way we left it.” 
Linda said she has no plans for marriage and is dating a few close friends regularly. 
“After the split with Elvis, quite obviously I'm not in any real hurry to look for romance,” she said. 
“I Just look back on five won­ derful years., 
“He will always remain one of the most wonderful men in the world.” 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 

PAT NIXON, still partially para­ lyzed and in constant pain from her stroke last year, probably will never regain her health, her daughter Julie Eisenhower re­ vealed this week. 
“They say that if you’re not re­ covered within a year, you never have a complete recovery,” Julie said. “And it’s almost a year now.” 
Mrs. Nixon was stricken last 
July with a stroke which para­ lyzed her left side and affected her speech. 
Family members told THE 
STAR at the time they blamed her collapse on publication of the book, The Final Days, by Bob 
Woodward and Carl Bernstein, who first broke the Watergate scandal. 
She was greatly upset by allega­ tions in the book that she secluded herself and drank heavily during her husband’s last days in the 
White House, the family said. 
And former President Nixon confirmed this charge during (me of his TV interviews with David 
Erost. 
“I'm sure it didn’t help,” said 
Nixon of the book. “Mrs. Nixon read it and the stroke came three days later.” 
There was little news of her progress since leaving the hospi­ tal until Julie, now touring to pro­ mote her book, Special People 
(Simon & Schuster, $8.95), com­ mented on her mother’s health. 
“ She is doing pretty well, but she’s not fully recovered from her stroke,” Julie told Stephen E. 
Rubin of Writers Bloc. 
“ I don’t think she’ll ever be ful­ ly recovered. I don’t think she’ll ever get over her limp. She tires terribly easily. 
“She has very bad arthritis, caused by a reaction to the stroke. She’s just not that strong. 
Mrs. Nixon, who was 65 on 
March 16, still does not have full use of her left hand, Julie told re­ porter Ann Blackman of Associat- 
ocj press 
“ But her spirit is good,” Julie added. 
“ For months, she couldn’t gar­ den, because she didn’t have the balance. But now she just gets down on all fours. 
I ask her how she feels, and she’ll say, ‘Oh, 

I 

Richard Nixon and daughters Julie Eisenhower (right) and Tricia Cox take Mrs. Nixon home from hospital in July 1976. 

I’m so sick of myself. I’m not going to complain.’ ” Julie and her husband, David Eisenhower, 
E andson of the late President, ve recently moved from New 
York to a rented oceanside house at Capistrano Beach, Calif., just 
15 minutes away from her par­ ents’ home in San Clemente. 
Julie sees her mother four or five times a week, and she and 
David dine with the Nixons once a week. 
Pat Nixon watched all of her husband’s televised interviews with David Frost. “ I think she felt that, under the circumstances, 
Daddy really has done well,” said 
Julie. “He didn’t watch them. I don’t think he’s ever seen himself 
(on TV).” 
The Nixons have received 3o,ooo letters since the interviews began, 
Julie said. “About 2o women vol- iParbie’s 

Sn ea she believes could prevent millions of traffic acci­ dents every year. 
It came to her when, riding with her father, she witnessed a near-collision after a driver ran a stop sign. 
“They should have a light on the front like the stop light so you’d know whether a car was stopping,” 12-year-old “Barbie” told her dad, James F. Bender. 

 be a lifesaver 

Bender, 
American safety 
Transit director 
Corp. in for 
St. 
Louis, quickly recognized the val­ ue of his daughter’s suggestion and began a campaign to get it implemented. 
He dubbed the lights Barbie 
Lights. They would be hooked up to the brake, as the rear brake lights on cars are. Approaching drivers could then see when a ve­ hicle was—or wasn’t—going to stop. Bender says getting Barbie 
Lights required on cars requires congressional legislation, But he intends to continue pushing it. 
Barbara Bender demonstrates where 'Barbie Light’ would be placed. 

 unteens are helping to open the mail. They say the letters are fa­ vorable.” 
Julie, who stoutly defended her father in the days before he be­ came the only President in histo­ ry to resign, still says: “ I’m proud of him.” 
She is equally proud and protec­ tive of her mother. She believes her mother has been badly misun­ derstood, especially by those who question her stoic calm in the face of adversity Someday, Julie said, she would like to write her mother’s biography and set the record straight. 
“ I guess the theme would be that she has had so many trage­ dies and difficulties in her life, but she hasn’t let them defeat her. 
She’s a very loving person, yet a very independent person. 
“She was hurt early on. It all really stems from the Alger Hiss case when the person she loves, 
Daddy, became very unpopular with a certain segment. 
“And I just feel that she kind of lost faith that journalists would interpret things the way they real­ ly are, and she just didn’t want to reveal herself at all. 
“So she doesn’t really give out that much. But to actually be with her — children always go to her immediately, because she’s so genuine. 
“World leaders love my moth­ er, too, because she s for real. 
They also know she’ll never talk. 
“They trust her completely. 
They told her about their divorces and their mistresses, but she has never revealed a lot about herself, and I don’t blame her.” 
Julie tells in her book — which contains profiles of six famous persons she has known — how 
Golda Meir, the former Prime 
Minister of Israel, responded to her mother. 
“Your mother is a wonderful person,” Mrs. Meir told Julie af­ ter the 
Nixon resignation. 
“Through all that period, I kept asking, ‘How did she endure it all? How did she endure it all?’ ” 

Bronsons take break to Cannes 

CHARLES BRONSON has always been a study in contrasts: movie tough with a soft heart, ugly mug who wows beautiful women. Bronson, 
54, was in character at the recent Cannes Film Festival, where he and family stayed at the Eden Roc Hotel, as befits their millionaire status. 
But they arrived looking like beggars (above). Charles wore a crum­ pled jacket over his T-shirt, daughter Zuleika sported a faded tennis warmup, wife Jill Ireland hobbled along—she broke her leg skiing. 
Grumbled Bronson: “ I dress exactly like I want to. Leave us alone, we’re on vacation and don’t want to be bothered.” Then he smiled. 

Alex Haley hailed by hometown 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK . . . 
• CISSY CARTER DALVIN, 
President Carter’s aunt, de­ scribing a visit to the White 
House: “ It was so cold, Rosa- lynn and I stayed in the kitch­ en and made coffee to keep warm.” 
• MIKE CONNORS, talking about his eight years as the star of TV’s Mannix: “It was a grind—five years should be the maximum for any series. 
It would keep the actor from becoming totally overexposed and allow him to plan his fu­ ture rather than it just being a year-to-year job.” 
• LIZ 
CARPENTER, press secretary to Ladybird John­ son: “Jimmy Carter’s got the economy doing so well that even Nixon is working again.” 
• JOE GARAGIOLA, sports­ caster and former baseball player: “The things players are asking—guaranteed play­ ing time, so many starts for pitchers...Where will it end? 
Eventually you’ll have a batter file a grievance if he gets a curveball on a 3-and-2 count.” 
• NELSON ROCKEFELLER, former Vice-President: “I’ve joined Politics Anonymous. It helps you break the habit. Any time you feel you want to run for public office, you call a certain number and Fanne 
Foxe comes over and pushes you into the Tidal Basin.” 
• STUDS TERREL, author: 
“We’re so used to corruption, we no longer trust an hon^t man.” 
• RULES of St. Alban’s Tennis 
Club in 
Washington, 
D.C.: 
“Members who have a non- marital living arrangement with another person still have club privileges. However, the person with whom members are living cannot have guest privileges. Couples must be listed under member’s name.” 

Barbara keeps mum about Harry 

BARBARA WALTERS showed up at the Hollywood Radio and TV so­ ciety luncheon recently with her mother, Mrs. Lou Walters, at her side. 
But, as usual, most of the talk was about the man in Barbara’s profes­ sional life, fellow TV co-anchorperson Harry Reasoner, who is weekly rumored to be leaving their nightly news telecast. So during her key­ note speech, Barbara addressed the rumors. ABC’s million-dollar mouth said: “Harry and I are getting along very well. He has certain talents and I think I have some talents, and we try to get it all togeth­ er.” Barbara did concede that the past year has been a strain. “The criticism has been very tough. The sharpest attacks came from fellow journalists, people I believed would support me. But I think they were afraid of changes. Things are settling down now that it’s been a year.” 
Star’s children becoming stars 

AFTER the best-selling book, the TV superhit, the press avalanche that followed, and a triumphant return to Juffure, the African town of his roots, Alex Haley, 55, was obviously glad to be home again, sitting in front of the Henning, Term., house where he grew up and first heard stories about Kunta Kinte and the rest of his family. With all of Hen­ ning’s 6o5 citizens on hand, plus 2,ooo visitors, the house was ceremoni­ ally declared an historic shrine and Haley received the keys to the city. 
Said Haley: “I didn’t know Henning had keys.” Tennessee governor 
Ray Blanton replied: “ It didn’t. We had some especially made up.” 

UNIVERSITY TEST SHATTERS 
OLD THERMOMETER THEORY 
A UNIVERSITY study has shown that thermometers should be left under the tongue for three min­ utes instead of two, as commonly believed, to insure accuracy. 
The British Medical Journal re­ ports that in a test of 32 volun­ teers at the University of Oxford, 
England, the two-minute insertion time resulted in errors of .3 de­ grees centigrade at least 27 per­ cent of the time 

PROUD relatives attending the premier of Joyride may cause as much commotion as the movie’s stars. Robert Carradine, Anne 
Lockhart, Desi Amaz Jr. and Me­ lanie Griffith. Robert (above with 
Anne on a motorcycle used in the movie) is the son of John Carra­ dine and the brother of David and 
Keith. Anne is the daughter of 
June Lockhart and the grand­ daughter of Gene Lockhart. Desi 
Jr. is the son of Lucille Ball and 
Desi Sr., and Melanie is the daughter of Tippi Hedren. Said 
Robert: “Our names may have 
Ihelped' our. careers at first, but success is determined by talent.” 

Royal girlfriend sparkles at gala 

BECAUSE of her dates with Brit­ ain’s Prince Charles, London so­ cialite Davina Sheffield, 25, has often been touted as a future queen. At a recent gala for the 
Save The Children Fund in Lon­ don, Davina at least wore jewels befitting royalty. Her diamonds 
(above) were worth a cool $3.5 million, but were just part of the 
$5o million worth of baubles mod­ eled at the party. Commented 
Davina: “I only wish they were all mine.” As for her chances of eventually wearing crown jewels, 
Davina said: “Prince Charles and 
I have seen each other from time to time; that’s all there is to it.” 

SO VOW'RE THE KING 
O' G AO TA S T it , I ARRY 
L FLYNT' 
. 

 w e e x nor f o r c e n s o r s h i p b u t vo u Rt r o o rAt.ew rt;D a v a n t o iV A s r e roue. tim e w m h b c f A Z ./ TH!NGS. I.APPY 
^ 

I U TRY TO 
» r a good 
O C /' 
GO$P£LMAN! 

THI SAN ANTONIO STAR— June 5, 1977 
PAOI 17 

Cher, Ursula and Britt step out in year’s most glamorous hen party 
/My dream girt hrs ti have soul, says Foozle 

TV heartthrob Henry Winkler of 
Fonzie fame this week revealed the kind of woman he’d like to settle down with. 
“I’ll know her when I meet her,” said Winkler, who shot to stardom as the swaggering girl- chaser on the top-rating Happy 
Days. 
“What she ll have is dirt, a deep down dirt as in an earthy soul. 
She’ll have a sense of humor and a vision of her own. 
“What’s a dirty soul? A woman who has open sensuality...there is a sex appeal and animal magnet­ ism. I guess my dirty soul would be that animal.” 

AT ONE time Walter Zacharius (above left) was a porno prince, publishing such girlie mag­ azines as Swank and Gallery. All that’s changed. Zacharius has gotten religion and a new magazine, Nashville/Gospel, which fea­ tures country music, religion, and Gospelman, a born-again superhero shown above paddling former Zacharius rival, pornographer Larry 

A Travolta needs job 
ANNE TRAVOLTA, 28, toured the country in 
Grease for five years, so she was a natural stand-in when the 
Broadway production of the musical recently needed someone to play 
Frenchy for a week. 
The job was welcomed by Anne, who isn’t doing as well in showbiz as her brother, John. 
Said Anne: “I’m always coming close to parts, but not getting them.” 
I 
She is moving from 
New Jersey to 
Hollywood to solve that. 
Said Anne: “I’m hoping my brother might be able to get something started for me.” 

* '».*i •* 
-2 t 
. ...J 
' ' M'.V* 

(Hustler) Flint. Zacharius believes there is a new wave of decency sweeping America, and he wants to be part of it. But does he ever miss his days as a sin and skin high-roller? “Deep down inside I knew it was never for me. I couldn’t go as far as Flint, so I pulled out,” confessed Zacharius, who now ends his busi­ ness letters with a hearty, “God bless you all.” 

“I get shy when I’m emotional­ ly involved, he told writer 
Charles Pike. “I can’t eat. I don’t sleep.” 

French music prodigy could be next Mozart 
LIKE many girls her age, Sarah de Malegui’s room is filled with dolls, stuffed animals and posters of cartoon characters. But when Sar­ ah, IO, sits down at the piano (above), the re­ semblances end. Sarah is a musical prodigy, acclaimed in her native France as the most gifted since Mozart. At age 4, she accompa­ nied her mother (also a musical prodigy) on classical pieces. At 6, she began making rec­ ords. Today, she plays jazz, blues and rock, as we!' as classical, and has a large fan club. 
How Joes Sarah cope with this childhood fame? Her father, a prize-winning poet, said: 
“She is a simple and affectionate girl, but perhaps she is a bit too serious at times.” 
Said Sarah: “I find my happiness in music.” 
• ' 
» * • • • 
‘ 
... . 

Fear of crime 
‘rules lives of the aged’ 
FEAR of crime among the elderly may be even more of a problem than crime itself, according to a leading sociologist. 
Dr. Frank A. Clemente, asso­ ciate professor of sociology at 
Pennsylvania 
State 
University said his research showed that those who are most afraid of crime are older women, blacks, and metropolitan residents. 
But, he pointed out: “The elder­ ly are victims of personal attack less often than any other age group over 12 in the U.S.” 
A recent survey by the U.S. De­ partment of Justice indicates that for people 65 and over, personal attacks were 4.4 per thousand. 
This compares with 1o.9 in the 
35-49 age group and 31.3 in the 
2o-24 age category. 
“In spite of that fact, the elder­ ly are more afraid of crime,” Dr. 
Clemente said. “And that fear sometimes forces them to curtail social activities.” 

Winkler has been dating steadi­ ly since arriving in Hollywood three years ago. Twice, with Lav­ erne And Shirley star Cindy Wil­ liams and actress Jamie Lynn 
Bauer, he appeared close to mar riage. 
But Winkler admits he’s a com plete opposite to the lady-killer 
Fonzie: “I’m a one woman man.” he said. “That’s when I’m happi­ est.” 
He said his first love was a girl he met in college in New York. 
“She lived down the block and 
I saw her about 24 hours a day’ ” he recalled “I wrote her 15 letters during the school year before my parents sent me to Europe. 
“There I used to call her twice a week instead of eating and I wrote her 7o songs. My first day back I went to her dormitory to take her out, and she walked out with another guy. 
“That’s the closest I ever came to marriage and I realized I wasn’t ready for it. I was too possessive.” 
And Winkler admits he may not be ready even yet for his dream woman. 

IT HAD to be the most glamorous hen party of the year—Cher Bono Allman, Ursula An­ dress and Britt Eklund baching it recently at 
Los Angeles’ elegant Roxy night club. And why were there no men to squire the lovelies about? The truth is, all that beauty has not brought automatic happiness for the three. 

Ursula, if you can believe it, hasn’t been able to get a steady date for six months. Cher is divorcing Gregg in a suit that promises to get vicious before the papers are signed. Britt ac­ tually showed up at the Roxy with boyfriend 
Rod Stewart, but things quickly turned sour. 
Rod paired up with his pal—and Britt’s ex- 

 boyfriend—producer Lou Adler. A friend of 
Britt’s who was at the Roxy reported: “Rod and Lou were getting loud and drunk and 
Britt got furious listening to them. In order to avoid a fight with Rod, sne joined up with Ur­ sula and Cher.” Then the eye-popping trio went for a night on the town, girls-only style. 
Ex-prince of porn turns to selling the Gospel 

Stepping out in style Sonny’s future mother-in-law says: 
A t first he seemed so rude and cold 
By WAYNE DARWEN 
SONNY BONO’s first meeting with his future mother-in-law was a disaster she revealed this week. 
“I didn’t like him at all,” Mrs. Lorn Coelho said of the superstar entertainer. ‘‘He hardly said a word to me, and I thought he was being rude. I ex­ pected him to try harder to get to know me.” 
In an exclusive interview with THE STAR, Mrs. 
Coelho and her husband, Dr. George Coelho spoke for the first time about the upcoming marriage of their daughter, Susie, to 42-year-old Bono, the ex­ husband of Cher. 
Mrs. Coelho said her initial opinion of Sonny has changed completely, and she now “loves him like a son.” 
Dr. Coelho declared: “ I liked Sonny right from the start. I think he is a fine man, and I have a great rapport with him. I don’t think Susie could ive chosen a better husband.” 

A GLAMOROUS version of the schoolgirls braid is being worn this season by Princess Caroline of Mona­ co (above) and other young jet setters in Paris and 
New York. Caroline is wearing hers twined with flow­ ers and ribbons to match her Givenchy gown. Her own chin-length hair is smoothed back in a bun and the braided hairpiece attached to it. 
The style is called the Stallion Braided Tail by New 
York hairdresser Pierre Michel, who says “lots and lots” of his customers are having it done. 

18 ways to save 

 water in dry summer 

SAVING water will be crucial this summer in many areas of the U.S. which are facing their worst drought since the 193os 
Dust Bowl years. 
THE STAR asked two experts 
— Lee Shields of the U.S. Soil 
Conservation Service and Maxine 
Dorough of California’s East Bay 
Municipal Utility District in Oak­ land — for tips on saving water. 
Even if your area is not short of water, you’ll find these ideas worth remembering. Here are 
Mrs. Dorough’s tips: 
I: Throttle back water lines in­ to your wash basin and toilet tanks by closing valves part-way. 
2: Substitute skim or low-fat milk for water when diluting canned soup. It adds flavor but few calories. 
3: Bathe your dog in your bath water. You’ll save soap too. 
4: To wash small vegetables, keep them in the plastic storage bag. Fill the bag half full of water and shake. Save the wash water for plants. 
5: 
Stop shaving. 
Men with beards can save 2o gallons a day. 
6: Take advantage of showers and wash your car in the rain. 
7: Cooking foods on heat-proof serving plates cuts down on pot- and-pan washing. 
8: Carry a folding cup to use when getting a drink from a wa­ ter fountain to save the water 

 that splashes down the drain. 
9: Warm your shampoo in your bath or shower water. Warm shampoo gives you thicker lather, cleaner hair and a faster rinse. 
IO: Reduce water needed for dishwashing by keeping a cup or glass in the refrigerator for each family member. Wash each once a day. 
Shields, the expert from the 
Soil Conservation Service, has these tips to help keep plants alive during moderate dry spells and to stop soil from washing away during rain: ll: Save water for plants that can’t survive without it. 
12: Reduce watering of other plants to subsistence level. Lawns survive without water a long time and green up again when moist. 
13: Don’t plant annuals when a water shortage is imminent. 
14: Vegetable gardeners should realize many perennials can do without water better than annuals can. Postpone new landscaping. 
15: Water deep and less often. 
Shallow, frequent watering causes shallow roots and evaooration loss. 
16 
Remember, one inch of moisture will penetrate 12 inches in sandy soil, seven inches in loam and four to five in clay. 
17: Don't apply water faster than soil can absorb it. 
18: Water early in the day to re­ duce evaporation loss. 
Aerate yotir lawn for better penetration. 

The Coelhos admitted they were worried when their daughter started living with Sonny two years ago. 
Dr. Coelho, a $75,ooo-a-year psychologist with the 
National Institute of Mental Health in Washington, and his wife, a trilingual secretary with the Organi­ zation of American States, are berth originally from 
Madras, India. They hold traditional beliefs regard­ ing family and marriage. 
“We were a little concerned for Susie when she first moved in with Sonny,” said Dr. Coelho as he relaxed in his luxurious apartment in Rockville, 
Md., “but he assured us his intentions were good...and now he has proved he really loves our daughter.” 
Bono and 23-year-old model and actress Susie 
Coelho announced their engagement last month, shortly after telling readers of 
THE STAR, in an exclusive inter­ view, that they were planning to wed. 
They have not set a date for the wedding, but according to Susie’s parents, the couple will have a traditional ceremony in a Catholic church in Los Angeles, and then honeymoon in Europe. 
Before Sonny proposed to Susie he visited Dr. Coelho at his home and asked permission to marry his daughter. 
Dr. Coelho called a family con­ ference before giving the couple his blessing. 
“I respect Sonny greatly for the way he approached me,” he said. 
“Not many young men do that to­ day. He is a very sincere person with a serious mind, and I like that.” Dr. Coelho and his wife 

Sonny Bono’s future in-laws, Dr. George Coelho and his wife Loni: He’s the right man for their daughter Susie, they say. 

 being a big showbusiness person­ ality, Sonny would be bright and talkative. But he virtually ignored me. 
“I went away very discouraged, and I wasn’t sure he would make a good husband for Susie.” 
But Dr. Coelho said: “Lord had the wrong impression of him. Son­ ny thought it would be best if he left her alone to walk around the house and feel relaxed and at home. 
“Loni didn’t understand. But I thought he was very down-to- earth. I liked him immediately. 
He assured me his intentions were good. I knew Susie was in good hands.” 
The Coelho’s next visit changed 
Loni’s mind. They joined Bono and Susie in Palm Springs for two weeks last Christmas, and Bono picked up the tab — for the plane fares, the hotel and all other ex- 
He also gave them a color and an expensive camera. 
“He was so nice to us that I was a little embarrassed,” Mrs. 
Coelho said. “But on my second look at him, I found him to be very warm. 

“We all went out to dinner, and spent a lot of time around his house. I got to know him then.” 

Sonny Bono: He asked Susie’s father for permission, first met Sonny in July, 1975 — just after Susie moved into the singer’s home. They made a spe­ cial trip to Los Angeles to spend a week with their daughter and her boyfriend. 
“We were concerned for her welfare,” Mrs. Coelho recalled. 
“We wanted to meet the man she said she was in love with.” 
Dr. Coelho found that he and 
Sonny had a mutual interest in the subject of human relation­ ships, and they even planned writ­ ing a book together. 
But Mrs. Coelho was left cold. 
“He wasn’t at all what I expect­ ed,” she recalled. “I thought that 
Star reader who hit $lm . jackpot 
■ sticks to simple life 

FORMER steelworker 
Michael Kossich is a millionaire thanks to 
THE STAR — but he insists that it’s not going to change his life. 
He’ll still pick up his favorite newspaper every week from a super­ market near his home in Sebastian, Fla. After all, it was in THE STAR that he read about the Canadian lottery in which he won $1 million. 
Kossich, 69, saw an ad for the Manitoba State Lottery in THE STAR last December, and got a friend in 
Canada to buy two tickets in his name. 
Two months later he was told he had struck the million dollar jackpot. 
But Kossich, who spent 48 years working in a U.S. Steel plant in 
Gary, Ind., before retiring to 
Florida, is displaying cool com­ mon sense about his new fortune. 
His only concession to luxury will be a 1977 Cadillac. “Some dealer sent me a new Mercedes- 
Benz,” Kossich said, “but I just couldn’t see spending $25,ooo for a conveyance.” 
He added: “With my pension and Social Security, I have about 
$65o a month. 
“Now you know gol-dang well 
Lottery winner Michael Kossich i ve gotta be careful, you see a takes nome copy of THE STAR. gol-dang fool, spending on this 

 and buying that, and he’s gonna be broke in no time.” 
As for the rest of his fortune, 
Kossich said: “ I plan to invest it wisely, pay my taxes and make sure my family is taken care of.” 
Kossich lives with his wife Ruth, 
6o, and his mother-in-law, Mrs. 
Harriet Jerch, 87. 
He has a daughter and a son. 
He expects Uncle Sam to take half his $1 million. But the C a rn ­ elian government considers the lottery prize tax-exempt. 
“The money’s all in a trust,”' 
Kossich said. “One thing I can’t do, which many people think I can, is give ’em four or five thou­ sand dollars. 
“People come up to you and shake your hand. But sometimes they paw you.” 

By IVOR KEY 

SOME critics will never be able to take 
Ann-Margret seriously after she spent all those years in the 6o’s selling raw sexuality in easily forgett­ able films. 
But the delicious singer-actress has emerged from her sex-kitten image to become one of the paid - $5 million a year - and most brilliantly successful female en­ tertainers. 
Not even 
Barbra 
Streisand and Liza Minnelli can outsell her in Las Vegas, where she spends at least four months a year in her vi­ brant million-dollar glitter pro­ ductions. 

Ann-Morgret’s iron-fisted won’t even let her buy a dress without his OK 

“I know people say I’m a han­ ger-on, and I guess it would be fun to act again. I have this great dream that when Ann-Margret gets out of movies, she and I will co-star in a Broadway play. 
“But right now, I still think it is impossible to be married to a suc­ cessful actress and have your own career and have the marriage work. 
“When I first met Ann-Margr­ et, I felt happy for the first time in my life. Once I found her, I couldn’t stand to be without her— and, surprisingly, she couldn’t stand to be without me. 
“Being with her was more im­ portant than all my childhood dreams about becoming a famous actor.” 
The bubbling superstar, who in real life is unlike ner powerhouse on-stage image, lives with Roger in the old Humphrey Bogart-Lau- ren Bacall house overlooking Ben­ edict Canyon. 
They made a shrewd buy at 
$35o,ooo seven years ago - and now it’s worth more than $1 mil­ 

The Smiths’ wedding day — May 
8, 1967 in Las Vegas. 

 lion. Big black gates guard the long driveway which runs through the rambling 1o-acre estate of the comfortable, unpretentious man­ sion. 
A housekeeper, cook and maid look after them when they are in 
Los Angeles, which, due to her hectic schedule, is rare. But when they are, they seldom go out and they entertain even less. 
“They have by choice few friends,” one agent told THE 
STAR. “They just want the com­ pany of each other, it seems. 
They don’t need anybody else. 
“Ann-Margret seems afraid of 
Roger sometimes, but he has been good for her. She’s a differ­ ent person since he took over her life. Perhaps it’s her way of keep­ ing the marriage together. After all, she is making all the money. 
He would be on the^streets with­ out her. 
“Conversely, he is good at the job he is doing. He arranges all 

Husband Roger autographs cast on arm she broke when she fell off stage in 1972. 
Ann-Margret today: She is still stunningly beautiful and earning $5 million a year. 

On a shopping spree in New York recently: Husband-business manager Roger even vets her dress-buying. 

 her dates, suggests what she wears, and organizes her produc­ tions. 
“Believe it or not, she doesn’t even have to write a check. He does it all for her.” 
On one occasion, he recalled the 
36-year-old 
Ann-Margret bought a $2oo dress on impulse. 
“She broke into a cold sweat and didn’t want to take it home because she had done it without 
Roger’s permission,” he said. 
“She was persuaded to tell him she had bought it for an award cermony.” 
Ann-Margret is a monument to show business courage. 
Five years ago, at the height of her ca­ reer, she fell 22 feet while on stage at Lake Tahoe - and doctors doubted she would ever walk again. 
But IO weeks later, she ap­ peared in Las Vegas, where a crowd of 2,ooo gave her a standing ovation as a tribute to her talents. 
There are no outward scars left, and on a recent trip to New 
York — with, of course, her hus­ band —she said: 
“It’s my job to look good. After all, that’s what I’m paid for. I may look fine from outside, but there have been some after ef­ fects. 
“In fact, after my initial come­ back, my father died and I went to the edge of disaster. I cried ev­ ery time someone looked at me the wrong way. 
“I even quit working for six months. But with the help of psy­ chotherapy, I gradually pulled myself together. 
“Still, when I’m nervous, tense or excited, my hand shakes. Ifs 
OK now, but you should see me before a performance. 
“What’s more, I can’t look over my left shoulder any more. 
Something to do with injuring my neck muscles. But I’m not com­ plaining. Not for a second. I’ve 

 got so much to be thankful for.” 
She paused, crossed her shape­ ly legs, and thoughtfully said: 
“You know something? the best thing about the accident is that when I recovered from it, I wasn’t as shy as I used to be. 
That was another miracle. 
“Very few people knew about my shyness. It wasn’t just bad. It was chronic. And it all started when I arrived in America from my homeland, Sweden, when I was six and couldn’t speak a word of English. 
“Every time I opened my mouth at school in Illinois, where my parents settled, the other chil­ dren laughed at me. 
“So do you know what I did? I worked three times as hard just to prove to everyone I was as good as they were. In the end I was better at lessons than most of them. 
“I started in show business when I was sort of discovered by the lovely George Bums back in 
1961, and for a while I couldn’t put a foot wrong.” 
But the critics took another lode at those gyrating hips, the shaking hunk or red wavy hair, and labelled ter a dumb sex kit­ ten with outsize breasts. 
“Those very people who had written such flattering things about me originally, started to turn against me,” she said. I got what you might call a bad press. 

They said I was cheap and tacky; that I had no brains and even less talent; that I was common and even a slut; and that I thought nothing of showing off my body to any passing photographer. 
“I suppose I deserved it after appearing in films like Kitten 
With A Whip and Tiger And The 
Pussycat. I want to forget them.” 
Even when she was nominated for an Oscar for her performance in Carnal Knowledge six years ago, the critics continued their campaign against her. 
Only when she was nominated for Tommy two years ago did people begin to take her seriously. 
“Now I’ve just finished two films - The Last Remake Of Beau 
Geste and Joseph Andrews - and am about to make another, The 
Cheap 
Detective with 
Peter 
Falk.” 
But she’s still referred to by many cynics as Smith’s puppet. 
She admits deferring to him of­ ten, but insists that when it comes to her work, she gets what she wants. “After all, we lived togeth­ er for three years before I let him take over my career.” 
Said another friend: “ Frankly without Roger I doubt if there would be an Ann-Margret. She is totally feminine and vulnerable, and has a sadness about her that comes from wanting a baby which she is afraid she’s not going to have” 
1Roger's a father-figure’ 
ANN-MARGRET’s marriage is one of the most secure in Hollywood — because her husband is her manager, a leading New York City psy­ choanalyst told THE STAR. 
Dr. Erika Freeman, organizing chairperson of the Fourth Interna­ tional Congress of Social Psychiatry on “The Role Of Women In A 
Changing Society,” said: “Tile best possible arrangement for some people is to be with their husband or wife 24 hours a day, seven days a week. They do not like to differentiate between the public and the pri­ vate life.” 
Dr. Freeman added that in Ann-Margret’s case her husband may al­ so be a father figure. “It is like she has acquired a father as well as a husband.” 

 husband Roger 

Never more than a few feet from her side, whether she is re­ hearsing, performing, or even shopping, is the mein responsible for her phenomenal success....the man many friends call her Sven- gali: husband-manager 
Roger 
Smith. 
“He’s changed her beyond all recognition,” one close friend of the couple told THE STAR this week. 
“Despite all the money she earns, she daren’t even buy a dress without his permission. But perhaps she likes it that way. She loves nim very much.” 
Her 44-year-old husband, who left his tenuous acting career be­ hind when he married Ann-Mar­ gret ten years ago, replies to criticism that he is riding on her coat-tails. 

Ann-Margret in her sex symbol days in the movie Bye Bye, Birdie, with Bobby Rydell. 

PAGE 2o 
THE SAN ANTONIO STAR — June 3, 1977 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

A C R O S S 

1 Best 
7 Exclam ation 
1o C igar rem ains 
13 Chair b a c k s 
19 Love story 
2o Framework 
22 R oots 
24 Correlative 
25 Continue: 
2 wds. 
26 And: 
Latin 
27 Notion 
28 N oton e 
29 C ry of pain 
3o W estern 
Indiam 
32 Marvel 
34 C am p shelter 
35 Picnic pest 
36 Before: prefix 
37 M u sical instrument 
39 Crusted dessert 
4o A ssam e se tribe 
42 Helm position 
43 Vichy sum m er 
44 Purpose 
45 M a n ’s nam e 
47 Trousers 
5o O strich 
52 Let overflow 
53 Forwarded: 
2 w ds 
1 
55 Antlered anim als 
56 Stratum 
58 British counties 
59 Glue 
61 Sack 
62 Hand covering 

64 Region 
68 Compete 
69 Greek poet 
71 Listener's 
"lo a n " 

72 Lam b's penname 

76 Amid 
78 Babylonian god 
79 Nothing 
81 Spitting rain 
83 Asiatic vine 
84 August 
86 Story 
88 Boxing term 
89 A s far as 
9o Craze 
91 Search for 
92 Intermittent fever 
94 Female saint 
96 Hawaiian vine 
97 At home 
98 Trapper's prize 
1o1 Spanish name 
1o3 Equals 
1o5 Rigorous 
1o9 French king 
11o "Y ankeeland" 
111 Afar 
113 The 
Orient 
114 Oahu dish 
116 C lasp 
118 M an ’s name 
119 Z e u s’s son 
12o Comely 
1 23 Feminine ending 
124 Sou sa composition 
126 Natty 
129 Stop 
131 Charged particle 
132 Obstruct 
137 The 
Ram 

138 Relative pronoun 
139 Shelled nut 
142 Analyze grammatically 

1 43 Engendered 
144 Timid 
145 Shot size 
147 Twice prefix 

 prefix 
148 Lamprey 
15o Flying m am m als 
151 Jujube 
152 Gorilla 
153 S u cce sso r 
155 Intense fear 
158 G angster’s gun: slang 
159 French article 
16o Ancient country 
161 Oriental nursemaid 
162 Indian mulberry 
163 Sacred image 
165 •*-— deum " 
166 Learned 
168 Germ inates 
1 7o Defaced 
172 Card suit 
1 73 School organization 
174 Golf mound 
1 75 M akes happy 

D O W N 

1 Riches 
2 Not: prefix 
3 Find fault 
4 Ample poetic 
5 Ladle 
6 Court gam e 
7 Nautical term 
8 Clothes tree 2 wds 
9 Attending 
1o A ssistan ts 
11 Decor 
12 M ake warm 
13 Piano composition 
14 Recum bent 
15 Yarn fluff 

16 Grow old 
17 Palm lily 

18 Breathing device 

19 Travel paths 
21 Sm all bird 
23 Sugary items 
31 Very black 
33 Blot out 
36 Couple 
38 Pretend 
41 Approve 
43 Weird 
44 Sm all piano 
46 Plane flight 
48 Strong beer 
49 Bridge term 
51 Dress border 
52 That girl 
54 W heel hub 
57 Representative 
58 Bowling 
• score 
6o Scorch 
61 Audacious 
63 Brim less cap 
64 Poorest fleece 
65 Sailor jackets 
66 W om an's name 
67 Amazed 
69 Dom estic fowl 
7o Sm all inlet 
73 Chinese mile 
74 Resident physician 
75 G one by 
77 Overhead train 
78 Bread maker 
8o Vicuna’s skin 
82 Thus 
85 Ribbed fabric 
87 Personality 
91 Ambusher 
93 Beneath 
94 Bristle 
95 Lackrym al 
96 Crete’s mountain 
97 Neuter pronoun 
99 Sh ip 's diary 

1oo Grow s wearv 
1o1 M a n ’s nickname 
1o2 Egyptian viper 
1o3 Letter addition 
1o4 Thoroughfares: abbr 
1o6 Sh am a sh 's wife 
1o7 W eakened 
1o8 Folding bed 
112 Length measure 
115 Anxious 
117 On the briny 
118 Flag 
121 Legal matter 
122 Affirmative vote 
124 Dairy sound 
125 Roof angle 
126 Work superficially 
127 Unpaid 
128 Wharf 
13o Try 
131 Mim ic 
133 Arrest 
134 Pull 
135 Landed properties 
136 Relaxed 
138 Motifs 
14o W eight unit: abbr. 
141 Ridicule 
144 Sudden outburst 
146 Diadem 
149 Not general 
152 Desertlike 
153 Lock clasp 
154 Greek letter 
156 Other 
1 57 Italian city 
16o W om an's name 
164 Indian acrobat 
167 Elevator direction 
169 G uido's note 
171 Earth goddess 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 23 

[ight easy ways everyone can 

 reduce worrying 

- by a prominent psychiatrist 

YOU can learn to stop worry­ ing and make your life more enjoyable, says a prominent psychiatrist. 
Dr. Claude H. Miller, of New 
York City, a training analyst at the Post Graduate Center for 
Mental Health, said: “Worry can become a habit that has no pur­ pose. It is simply a kind of repeti­ tive activity.” 
Here is Dr. Miller’s eight-point plan for breaking the worry hab­ it: 
I: Keep busy: Start your day with a plan that keeps you active. 
This is important because worry is often an alternative for activi­ ty. If you keep occupied, it helps to dissipate worry. Activity does not necessarily have to be con­ structive. It can be recreational, as well. 
2: Separate major issues from trivial ones: Don’t allow yourself to be caught up in the trivialities of life. If you worry what people think, if they notice you wearing the same suit this year that you wore last year, then you are wast­ ing your energy. 
3: Admit it when things are be­ yond your power to change: ou’ve got to recognize the things you cannot change and accept them. Do not fret over these things. By accepting them, you will keep from upsetting and be­ deviling yourself with lost causes. 
4: Revive your religious inter­ ests: If you have had strong reli- 

 y < 
Y< 

 gious beliefs in the past, try to embrace them again. 
You can get great substance from religious belief. 
Prayer, church attendance and discus­ sions with your minister can be both satisfying and comforting. 
5: Get interested in others: 
Worry is a by-product of isolation. 
If you can get interested in oth­ ers, it will divert your attention from internal concerns and focus it on external ones. 
6: Talk to someone about your worries: Discussing your worries with others is another alternative to isolation. Ideally, you should surround yourself with people you enjoy talking to. 
This is important because peo­ ple are social animals. They re­ spond to conversation, interper­ sonal experiences and interaction. 
All of these detract from worry. 
7: Make up a schedule for to­ morrow: When you have a num­ ber of things that are competing for your attention, make a list of them before you go to bed. This will cause you to worry less about them. 
8: Avoid becoming overtired: 
Things that may confront you when you are alert and full of vim and vigor may tend to overwhelm you when you are exhausted. 
If you structure your life so that you can get adequate rest, you will maintain a position of being able to cope with the stresses that will face you during the course of daily living. 

HE S THE COW CHIP CHAMP 

COW CHIPS filled the air in Beaver, Okla., when contestants from all over the country vied for the title of world champion cow chip thrower recently. 
More than 8,ooo people watched as the contestants hurled the disc­ shaped objects for more than IOO feet. The winner for the second year in a row was Bob Fleming of Taylorville, 111., with a throw of 177 feet. 

 the erence,” said Ralph Rector, secretary 
“It provided fuel, which made it a life-sustaining facility.” 
Beaver also exports its cow chips. “People like them for souvenirs,” said Rector. “We ship them out plain or gold-plated. We send some out for Christmas presents and the like.” 

Architect sets record with 

 world’s biggest sandcastle 

ARCHITECT 
Todd 
Vander 
Pluym’s summer dream has come true — he’s built the biggest sandcastle in the world. 
Vander Pluym supervised the building of a six-mile long sand­ castle along Redondo Beach, Cal­ if., and now the feat is going into the Guinness Book Of World Rec­ ords. 
Vander Pluym had the help of about 7,ooo kids and adults, who were all supplied with his tips on how to construct turrets and bat­ tlements. But not all built castles 
— the six-mile stretch of sand in­ 

 volved a car, a sphinx and even a nude woman. 
The previous record was 326 feet, “and that was never authen­ ticated,” said 36-year-old Vander 
Pluym, who is known as Mr. 
Sandcastle in the Redondo Beach area. 
He has been a “serious” sand­ castle builder for IO years, and last year won five competitions. 
“I see this as an art form,” he said. “Of course the tide comes in and washes it all away, but that goes for everything. It depends on your perspective.” 

$ 

ACROSS 

I Town in Colo. 
6 River in S.A. 
12 River in N Y. 
17 Curved 
22 Races 
23 Famed violin 
24 Merger 
25 Bird 
26 Rogue 
27 “ I n s Eye! 

28 Theater district 
3o Musical note 
31 Possession 
32 Endless period 
33 Over. Poetic. 
34 Small bid 
35 Hoover —. 
36 Instrument 
37 Hazel et a1 
38 Antelope 
39 Part of USSR 
41 
Deal” . 
43 Oil equipment 
44 Arab prince 
45 Monkey. Cap. 
47 Cubic meter 
49 River 
51 Finger 
54 Borough. Abbr. 
55 Amer. novelist 
58 Droop 
59 Healed 
61 Beginner 
62 River 
64 Insults 
66 Souvenir 
69 Gandhi country 
71 Nightmare 
73 Village 
74 Girl’s name 
75 Sink part 
77 Bribe 
79 French caps 
81 Poise 
83 Central —’s. 
84 Meat cut 
86 Custody 
88 Rope fiber 

89 Join 
9o Hindu princess 
91 Monster 
92 Ice rink 
94 Ser. 
Award. 
Abbr. 
95 Fam. Members 
97 Carpet 
98 Laborers 
99 Ivy 
1o1 Eastern 
Me­ tropolis 
1o2 Toper 
1o4 Iron —. 
1o5 Slave-driver 
1o6 Eternally arid 
1o8 Evils 
1o9 — tent 
111 Edge 
112 In a dither 
114 Fracas 
116 Immerse 
118 Cure-all 
122 River 
124 Sea birds 
126 Son of Zeus 
127 Fam. Members 
128 Arrived. 2 wrds. 
129 Small bay 
131 “Coyote” state. 
Abbr. 
132 Secreted 
133 Entice 
134 River 
136 “ 
-T o You!” 
138 Curve 
139 Teheran native 
14o Pother 
141 Half of picnic 
142 Animal 
145 School group 
146 G. Lakes’ Wa­ terway 
151 Appendages 
154 Irish Princess 
156 Also 
157 Scorches 
158 Beetle 
16o Naval gesture 
162 “— the King's men” 
163 Dance 

165 Pluto's realm 
166 Enlarge 
168 Girl’s nickname 
169 Mathematics. 
Abbr. 

171 Capture 
172 Reply. Abbr. 
174 Ship channel 
175 Obscure 
176 Air hole 
177 Raced again 
179 "Brother — 
181 Dawn Goddess 
182 Taxi 
183 Bird 
184 Do without 
185 Single ache 
186 Attack 
188 Golf club 
19o Foreign 
191 Mixture 
192 Able to perform 
193 They — cream 
— their coffee. 
194 Past 
195 Theater sign. 
Pl. 
196 River 
197 Labor pains 
198 Paintings et a1 

DOWN 

1 River 
2 Lustful 
3 Non-metallic compounds. 
4 Roof borders 
5 Moscow negative 
7 Elephant drivers 
8 Prayer ending 
9 Zonk 
1o Ineffective 
11 River 
12 Great lake 
13 Wed 
14 Diameter. Abbr. 
15 Vended 
16 Great lake 
17 3rd man in ring 
18 Weapon 

Last week’s Giant solution 

SILLYETTES 

19 River 
2o Joy 
21 Discouraged 
27 Shoe sizes 
29 Neglect 
39 Prodded 
4o Medicinal plant 
42 Recoil 
46 Ankara native 
48 Com cob. 
49 Wrinkles 
5o Madden 
52 Horse command 
53 Moslem judges 
56 Aged 
57 Apple, plum et a1 
59 Potter’s clay 
6o Performers 
62 Rattler 
63 Storage place 
65 Tasty 
67 Unruly crowd 
68 Compass point 
69 Irregular. Abbr. 
7o Male pig 
72 River 
75 “ Blue 
— 
Dance 
76 Drying oven 
77 Wound mark 
78 Triumphed 
8o Amer. Indian 
82 Mr. Carney 
83 Golf term 
84 River 

85 Expose to sun 
87 Isolates 
91 Sexes 
93 Part of a foot 
95 Waffle must 
% Girl's name 
98 Wallet 
1oo Alphabet letters 
1o1 New Econ Poli­ cy. Abbr. 
1o3 Turkey 
1o4 Grassland 
1o7 Oriental nurse 
11o Far East temples 
111 Keeps 
113 Invites 
115 Lake 
116 Condemns 
117 Man’s nick name 
119 Paid up 2 wrds. 
12o Amer. 
Temp. 
Org. 
121 Outdoorsmen 
122 Cuckoo bird 
123 Rearrange 
125 Direction 
127 
Porridge 
Hot". 
13o Wind ments 
133 Swap 
134 Buddy 
135 Civ. 
Corps. 

 instru- 

Cons. 
Abbr. 

137 King of Troy 
139 “ Prairie” state. 
Abbr. 
143 
Of Me". 
144 Sketches 
145 River 
146 Heir 
147 Roman robe 
148 Incursion 
149 Correct 
15o Reel’s compan­ ion 
152 Lake 
153 Paint colors, 
Pastels 
155 Dozer 
156 Very hot sauce 
159 Claret. 2 wrds. 
161 Adjacent 
163 GWTW locale 
164 N Y 
Lake or 
Indian 
166 River 
167 River 
17o Posts 
173 Lawmaker 
174 Entire range 
176 River 
178 Compass point 
18o Despot 
183 River 
184 Girl s name 
187 Also 
189 Lecture. Abbr. 

Star WHIRLY VORD6 by Warren Tabatch 

' 'faVA/WfMO 

PUZZLE 124 

 s 
U 
S 
P 
E 
N 
S 
I 
O 
N 
L 
Y 
C 

R 
M 
G 
B 
L 
E 
L 
E 
G 
Y 
R 
H 
H 

E 
B 
N 
R 
E 
D 
O 
M 
T 
E 
C 
H 
U 

P 
I 
I 
A 
A 
O 
U 
P 
L 
L 
A 
S 
R 

P 
L 
L 
V 
D 
V 
R 
T 
U 
R 
O 
E 
C 

O 
I 
R 
O 
S 
E 
N 
G 
P 
U 
T 
C 
H 

H 
C 
A 
S 
T 
A 
E 
Y 
R 
E 
E 
E 
G 

E 
A 
M 
T 
M 
U 
I 
P 
O 
G 
M 
G 
O 

G 
L 
Y 
A 
B 
Y 
S 
S 
S 
R 
P 
O 
I 

D 
O 
F 
A 
M 
I 
L 
Y 
L 
U 
L 
E 
N 

E 
N 
T 
S 
E 
G 
D 
U 
N 
E 
E 
S 
G 

H 
E 
M 
O 
P 
H 
I 
L 
I 
A 
C 
N 
I 

CLUE: “SCOUNDREL” 
Solution: 5 Letters 

H O W TO PLA Y: 
All the words listed below appear in the puzzle — horizontally vertically diagonally even backwards Find them and circle their letters 
The leftover letters spell the Starword 

Abyss 
Aisle 
Fam ily 

Bravos 
Gulch 
Gypsy 

Churchgoing .. 
Colt 
,,ar|f) 
H edgehoppers 
Hem ophiliac 
Dove 

Elegy 
Inca 

Leads 
Pretty 
Lone 
Lotus 
Sedge 
Sour 
Mantle 
Speed 
Marlin 
Suspension 
Modern 
Tabu 
Tem ple 
Nudges 
I til bilic;* I 
Dnlv 
I rge 

 last Week’s Answer: KIM ONO 

How Jackie Bisset nearly died filming 

 underwater thriller 

Jackie Bisset struggles for ber life in a dramatic scene from The Deep. 

By LESLIE SAYAN 

ACTRESS Jacqueline Bisset told this week how she almost drowned during the filming of a dramatic scene in the new underwater thriller, The Deep. 
Jackie lost her oxygen mouth­ piece, a danger that Faces more than one million Americans who go deep-sea diving every year 
The accident happened when the movie script called for her to lose the mouthpiece at a depth of 
8o feet during a scene with co-star 
Nick Nolte. 
“Nick’s bubbles came up from underneath me and I coulan’t see anything,” she told THE STAR. 
“I kept trying to find the regulator and thought that this was a silly way for me to die. 
“Then I plunged upward in any direction, thrashing around in a last-ditch commotion. 
Filming was abandoned for the rest of the day.” 
This was not the first frighten­ ing experience for the lovely, au­ burn-haired screen star. 
“I don’t think of myself as an athletic person and yet everything 
I had to do for that movie in­ volved physical strain,” she said. 
“I had no choice but to dive un­ derwater. For weeks before I flew to Bermuda for the actual film­ ing, I practiced wearing masks, flippers and airtanks in reasonable safety of a Holly­ wood swimming pool. 
“In the Caribbean it was the real thing and the first time I 

Judo judge overpowers prisoner 

 during a wild 

 scuffle in court 

TWO-FISTED Judge James Bailey took the law into his own hands when a crazed defendant began tear­ ing up his courtroom. 

He flung off his judicial robes and came out fight­ ing. Moments later he had the accused at his mercy with a crushing choke hold. 

“It was all in a day’s work,” the 43-year-old Chica­ go criminal court judge said. 
“The judo I learned in the Ar­ my came in handy — but that was 
18 years ago. If the scuffle had lasted much longer, I don’t doubt 
.that he would have beat the Hell out of me.” 
The unscheduled bout took place when six-foot-two, 19o-pound 
Donald Jackson was brought be­ fore the judge on a charge of armed robbery and escape. 
Judge Bailey ordered Jackson, 
25, to undergo psychiatric exami­ nation — then the trouble erupted. 
“He began to shout that his rights were being violated. Sud­ denly he picked up the court stenographer’s machine and threw it against the front of the jury box,” Bailey said. 
Jackson made a break for the courtroom door, but one of the bailiffs blocked his escape. 
Then he moved to the judge’s bench. “He was raging about like a madman, screaming all sorts of obscenities, said Judge Bailey. 
Jackson reached up on the judge’s bench, grabbed a bronze name plate and threw it against the paneled wall. Tile judge decid­ ed it was time to act. Stripping off his robe he leaned over ms desk and nearly slipped a choke hold around Jackson s neck, subduing him until poling; arrived. 
Judge James Bailey punches home a point: His judo background helped him turn the tables on an enraged defendant. 

 went down, I was terrified with the panic of it. 
“The schools of barracuda that watched us didn’t faze me near­ ly as much as the ugly thought of the distance between the depths I was at and the surface where there was fresh air. You also be­ gin to hallucinate from the nitro­ gen and have to come up in stages to avoid the bends. 

“It was tough wi my body be­ cause of the fire-coral. Filming for so long underwater, Nick and 
I became completely exhausted and we’d be flung against the rocks in a strong current. 

“Some of us were also fright­ ened half to death being down for so long and having to weave away from stinging jellyfish. 

“Being underwater at the bot­ tom of the sea was unreal. It demanded complete courage.” 

Diving experts say Jackie’s underwater experiences are not at all uncommon. 

 erv dang ness,” said Dr. Don Walsh, direc­ tor of the marine and coastal studies institute of the University of Southern California. “Many amateurs are taking to the sea without realizing the risks they are running. 

“One of the most common prob­ lems is the death of the body’s bone tissue. Some divers also ex­ perience severe dizziness.” 
Dr. John Meehan, professor and chairman of the physiology de­ partment at the University of 
Southern 
California’s medical center, said Jackie was even in danger when she practiced in the 
Hollywood swimming pool. 
“If a diver does not keep his mouth and windpipe open when rising to the surface, then air be­ comes compressed in the lungs which expand, rupture and cause air to enter the circulation,” he said. 
Dr. Glen Egstrom, professor of kinesiology at the University of 
California at Los Angeles, said 
Jackie was also exposed to two dramatic psychological changes underwater — nitrogen narcosis and an altered state of conscious­ ness. 
“We can’t think as quickly or as well in cold water as we can above the surface,” he said. 
“That’s caused by nitrogen nar­ cosis, a euphoric feeling you get because of the increased pressure of nitrogen underwater. 
“Your sensory inputs are also quite different underwater and this causes an altered state of consciousness.” 

Granny oat to tloan ap county - as 
Its sheriff 

GRANDMA Sarah Carter, 5o, has taken the law into her own hands 
— and she has every right to. 
She’s the newly-elected sheriff of 
Esmeralda County, Nevada. 

“I filed for office at the last minute,” she said. “We needed a good man to run for sheriff here. 
None did. So in desperation, I declared.” 

Sarah went on to win the elec­ tion and become the first woman sheriff in the state’s history. Now she’s doing all she can to clean things up. 

One of her first official acts in office was to paint the jailhouse bright yellow. “I even put a pret­ ty ribbon on the door for the offi­ cial opening,” she said. “Now I’m 

Sheriff Carter: Cracking down on speeding drivers. 

 thinking of putting curtains in the building.” 

But Sarah has done more than just spruce up the jail. 
She launched a full-scale crackdown on speeding motorists. Ifs al­ ready starting to pay off. 

“We had seven fatalities here and nobody was doing anything about it,” she said. “But we’ve stopped that. We have brought in radar cars and have written more traffic tickets this year than they wrote in the previous six years put together.” 

In addition, she’s provided a 
24-hour patrol service for the first time in the county’s history. 

“Until 
I took office, you wouldn’t see a badge around here after eight at night and hardly ev­ er on weekends,” she said. 

Most of the county’s 1,5oo resi­ dents are firmly behind their new sheriff. 
In addition to her duties as sheriff, Sarah is the mother of six and grandmother of IO. 
WEA VCR ’S EAGER TO CONTINUE 
BEING MtClOUD 
WHILE many top stars are de­ serting their TV series for other roles this year, actor Dennis 
Weaver says he is eager to contin­ ue playing detective Sam Mc­ 
Cloud. 
“Deserting McCloud would be like deserting my family,” Weav­ er told THE STAR. 
“The show’s been going on since 197o, but the character still fascinates me. 
“One of the reasons for that is that we don’t do a show every week. We do maybe six or seven shows a year. So I don’t feel stale with it and I’m not yet saturated by Sam McCloud.” Weaver, a 

 highly-religious man, doe smoke, drink or eat meat. 
He is the antithesis of the H< wood superstar. 
He and his wife Gerry h been married for 32 years have raised three sons. 
“I’m very fond of Gerry,” said. “We both feel that the gr est quality of a relationship friendship.” 
Weaver is currently broader his career to include singing, has recorded two albums ant working on a third. 

* 
/ s 

PARENTS URGED: HUG YOUR KIDS MORE 
A CAMPAIGN to get parents to hug their children more has been launched by a concerned sheriff’s office. 
Bumoer stickers saving. “Have you hugged your kid today?” and other such slogans have been passed out to 1o,ooo motorists in 

Cook County, 111. 'Hie scheme is being run by Cook County Sheriff 
Richard J. Elrod, who is the father of two teenagers. 
The campaign aimed at encour­ aging parents to show they care for their children by hugging them often. 
A spokesman for 

 the sheriff said that the stick ers are available to anyone. 

They can be obtained by send­ ing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to: 
Youth Service Department, 14o1 
S. Mary brook, Maywood, 111. 

Top police artists tell how to improve your power of observation 

Mario Minagro: His talented pencil and pad have helped nab hundreds of muggers and murderers. 

By CATHY ROUNDS 
MARIO MINAGRO and Fred Merkle are cops with a difference. They don’t need guns and handcuffs to catch a criminal—-just give them a pad and pencil. 
For the two policemen are composite sketch artists for the New York Police De­ partment, and their artistic talents have helped nab hundreds of assorted murderers, rapists and muggers. 
Recently, they were working on the case of the .44 Caliber Killer, a gunman who shot at young people as they sat in their cars in 
New York City. 
“We’re not doing portraits,” Minagro told 
THE STAR. “If I had the guy in front of me, 
I’d do a portrait. 
“What we’re looking for is a likeness— something for the detective to watch for. 
“Sometimes I have to work hours with a witness who has trouble remembering spe­ cific details—nuances. But these police 
Can you identify these famous people? 

DESCRIPTION: The suspect was white, in his mid-3Gs with a medium build and dark hair and eyes. As the sketch took shape I indicated a slight full­ ness around the chin because the face looked too thin at first. 
I also requested a five o’clock shadow, a small deft in the chin, oval eyes, and bushy dark eyebrows. 
I described the nose as rath­ er large and broad. One of the most distinguishing features, I felt, was a broad grin. 

IDENTITY: The Fonz of TV’s 
Happy Days. 

REMARKS: 
When 
Minagro saw a photograph of actor 
Henry Winkler he pointed out some inaccuracies in my ob­ servations. 
The Fonz, he said, actually has a hook nose, slightly arched eyebrows, and a broad neck. But we agreed that his sketch would have given valua­ ble clues to a detective. 

DESCRIPTION: 
A white, male, medium build in his mid-5os. 
I said the grayish-blond hair frames a squarish face, though advancing middle age was giv­ ing way to the “jowly” look. 
He gave the hair the “dry look,” partially covering the suspect’s ears. 
I stressed that the sketch should emphasize age lines and laugh lines around the eyes and mouth. 
I requested a fairly short, small nose, above ample lips and a toothy grin. 

IDENTITY: President Jimmy 
Carter. 

REMARKS: When I showed the sketch to a woman on the 

 street in New York City, she said: “It looks like the young 
Jimmy Carter.” 
Officer Minagro’s only com­ ment was that a slightly broad­ er raise would have helped the likeness. 

 shows like Kojak help because they teach potential witnesses to be observant.” 
Officer Merkle said: “It’s easier for some witnesses who have faced a criminal to re­ member the gun he was aiming at them. 
Ask if he had any scars, and the witness will conjure up a couple of big ones under each eye.” 
The two artists work with simple tools— pencil, paper and eraser. They scorn the packaged Identi-Kits with plastic overlays of classic ‘noses, mouths, and chins. 
“You’re limited with the Identi-Kit,” said 
Minagro. “I rely on my eraser. If a witness says broader nose or wider mouth, I erase and re-sketch until I get it right.” 
Minagro gave these five tips on how to be­ come a more observant witness: 
• Observe the overall picture. If you rec­ ognize a bump in the nose, but you can’t re­ member the hairstyle or the shape of the face, it won’t be much help. 
• Be aware of extreme peculiarities, such as large scars, craters, birth marks, or moles. These kinds of distinguish­ ing features help narrow the field of suspects. 
• Does the suspect resemble a public figure? A detective track­ ing down someone who looks like 
Richard Nixon, Jack Palence, or 
Carol Burnett has an easier job. 
• Use descriptive images. “A face like a football” puts a picture in the mind of the detective. 
Think of this when you’re eyeing your assailant. 
“It’s more memorable than “an oval-shaped face.” 
• Does the suspect typify an ethnic group? The suspect need not be a member of the group you indicate but merely look the part. 
I put Minagro to the test (at left) when I gave him a physical description of three famous peo­ ple. 
Without telling him their names, I then asked him to sketch them. 

DESCRIPTION: A woman in her early 3os with dark eyes and dark hair parted In the middle to reveal a high fore­ head. 
She had long straight black hair which partially covers each cheek giving the face an oval look. 
Minagro started with an oval shape and began to sketch the hair. 
I requested thin, nicely- arched eyebrows. 
Minagro asked if she was the “made up” kind of woman. When I said that she was, he complied by penciling in thin upswept lines at the corner of each eye. 
I indicated a rather large nose with a slight bump. 
I described a fairly full mouth and a distinctive smile. 
IDENTITY: Cher Bono All- man. 
REMARKS: Minagro said my description was quite accurate. 
Later, when I showed the sketch to a 12-year-old girl, she said: 
“Who’s that? 
Cher 
Bono?” 

Angry Little 
People aim to fight bios in jobs 
A GROUP of Americans is step­ ping up the fight to halt discrimi­ nation against. . .short people. 
People of below-average height have their own national organiza­ tion, the Little People of America. 
President Gerry Rassa (height 
4 ft. 9) reports that its member­ ship has soared in recent years. 
He said that LPA is concerned that there is no legislation to pro­ tect short people from discrimina­ tion. It wants the federal govern­ ment to investigate the matter. 
A survey by the Department of 
Health Education and Welfare found that the average height of 
Americans is 5-ft-9 for men and 
5-ft-3l/2 for women. 
Jack Feldman, a 5 lOVi inch psychologist at the University of 
Florida, said short people find it hard to deal with bias because it is so difficult to prove. 
“Short men are usually thought of as over-aggressive smart alecs,” he said. “They are also considered abrasive and hard to work with because of the so-called 
Napoleonic complex. “Short wom­ en are seen as fragile ornaments and it is difficult for most employ­ ers to visualize them working.” 
According to Feldman, many prospective employers are wor­ ried about hiring somebody so dif­ ferent from the other workers. 
He added: “Most studies show that an employer if choosing be­ tween two equally qualified short and tall men will always pick the tall man. 
“When asked why, they usually say the tall man impressed me more 

CALCULATOR FOR BLIND IS DEVELOPED 

A CALCULATOR for the blind has been developed by a father-son team of inventors. The device converts standard calculator signals to Braille by raising small pins the user can feel. 
Its developers were Claus P. Janota, a research assistant in the Ap­ plied Research Laboratory at The Pennsylvania State University, and his father,. Thomas H. Martin of Wickliffe, Ohio. 

PUZZLE SOLUTION 

Ail FHgMaire 
Jet Cone washers clean better than the best-selling brands best washer. 
IT’S A PROVEN FACT! 

F r ig id a ir e “So ck s it to e m ” a n d in d e p e n d e n t la b o r a t o r y te s ts p r o v e it! * W ith o u r e x c lu s iv e je t c o n e a g it a t o r a c t io n , w e g e t c lo th e s d o w n to th e b o tto m o f th e tu b , w h e r e c le a n in g p o w e r is g re a te s t, a n a v e r a g e o f 9 tim e s p e r c y c le ! 

* Tested in accordance with the A H A M s ta n d a rd H LW -1 soil r e m o v a l test using a I 5 lb. dry w e ig h t m ix e d cotton test load. 
Sup e rb cleaning p o w e r isn’t all you g e t with a 
Frigidaire Jet Cone W a sh e r. 

• Flexible 1-18 lb. capacity • R u g g e d H e a v y Duty com ponents 
• Regular, P e rm a n e n t Press a n d A u to m a tic Knit Cycle 

IMPORTANT NOTICE: 
ALL FRIGIDAIRE M ODELS UTILIZE THE SAME JET 
CLEAN ACTION! FROM THE LOWEST-PRICED TO THE 
MOST 
DELUXE! 
UNLIKE 
DEPT. 
STORE 
MODELS, 
FRIGIDAIRE DO ES NOT USE WASHABILITY AS A 
STEP-UP TO MORE EXPENSIVE MODELS. 
Frigidaire's u niq u e u p -a n d -d o w n 
A gita to r action gets clothes cleaner. A n d e v e ry Frigidaire Jet C one W asher has 

■mg 

E l 

WASHER PRICES START AT 
I 

Frigidaire -B o engineered by General Motors 

SPHERE’S HOW WE “SOCK IT TO ’EM” 

 tv*, 

'.ii VZ I 

O n re Dryers 

 trod # ? 

 iifiv 
Marion wide! 

Frigidaire rotates 

 clothes ( a times 

All 
Frigidaire 
Jet 
Cone 

 washers have an exclusive 

 up-and down Agitator ac­ 

 tion. It gets clothes down to 

 where cleaning power is 

 greatest, 
9 times per 

 regular wash cycle. 
TRIPLE 
ROTATION 

- 3 TIMES MORE! 

That s 3 times m ore than 

 the best selling b ra n d 's best 

 w asher. 
The result is 

 cleaner clothes with a 

Frigidaire Jet Cone w asher. 

The best selling brand rotates 

 clothes times 

I 

I FREE UVE DEMO 

 ilome By Toilay And 
L it Us Show You. How 
Frigidaire “SOCKS IT 
TO ’EM!” 

A S SEEN O N TV 

1134 Hildebrand 8o7 S.W. Military 
734-5o56 
924-83o1 
Next to H.E.B.